«3-
THE LAW COUETS.
Pencet, the Colored Wifc-Butch
cr, Denied a Change of
Vcnne.
Prisoners Tried and Sentenced in the
Criminal Court.
OBUCIKAI* COURT.
A MURDER CABE—CHARGE OF TENDS DENIED.
V Andrew J. Perteet, colored, who stands Indict
ed for murder, it being charged against him that
he cut the throat of Martha, his wife, came on
Saturday into court and asked a change of venue.
Bis application was based upon the ground that
the people of this county ore prejudiced against
him, in support of which proposition he made an
affidavit, reciting that upon bis arrest some hun
dred persons banded together to lynch him; that
there was such a feeling then prevalent against
him that it was considered by the authorities in
whose custody be was, unsafe, during the Coro
ner's Inquest, to expose him to public view; and
that the daily papers had prejudiced hla cause by
publishing the evidence given before the Cor
oner’s jury, as well as by subsequent recitals and
remarks of and concerning his guilt. The motion
was denied by the Court (Williams) who said:
I am certainly disposed to be very liberal la the con
struct Jonot these affidavits, especially in a case where
a man's life may be involved. I-.feel very great hesi
tation in refosingto change the venue, provided the
application is one which merits my respect, and
comes up to the provisions of the law; hut Ido not
believe that this is a ease in which the venuo ought to
be changed. The allegations of the petition are sub
stantially two zfflirht, that Immediately after tlio com
mission of the crime some two or three hundred peo
ple of the city handed themselves together for the
purpose of taking unlawful measures against the
deponent—ln other words, for the purpose of lyncWng
him, as I suppose—and the other allegation that the
papers ot the city have published the evidence
of the Coroner’s jury, .and bavo
also published certain statements, since
that time, all of which is calculated to prejudice the
prisoner in the mind of the people of this county so
that he cannot have a fair trial.
If the statute was as it formerly was. It would bo
enough thattho prisoner should have alleged the fact
thathe could not receive a fair and Impartial trial lu
this county, and, that that fact had'eome to his notice
immediately before the presentation ot the motion to
induce the Court to change the venae. Tho present
statute, however, is Resigned to give the Court a dis
cretion. I must exercise that discretion with refer
ence to all 1 may know in regard to tbo case and with
reference particularly to the facts which are stated In
the affidavit. In many of these cases it would be emi
nently proper l there should bo a change of venno,
and w here the prisoner cccupies such a position that
he has become well known, and his case has boon very
fully discussed before the community, there may
ho such a prejudice against him that a court would do
very great injustice to him in refusing to change the
venue: bat here is a mac who occupies a comparative
ly obscure position in tho community; he is a resident
of a county of 338,000 inhabitants. By no possibility
can he bo known or can ho over have been hoard of by
a tenth part of the inhabitants of this county, and all
the persona who read the evidence which appeared be
loro tin coroner’s jury, and which. Uis said, has pre
judiced thomlnds of the people of this county, and may
hare boon Influenced by It. wonld be Incompetent Jut
-ors in any case, and would be excluded. Ills true also
that these statements have gone into other counties. If
they have prejudiced tho people of tills county thev
have prejudiced tho people of adjoining counties, for
we know the papers here mentioned circulate in other
counties, and people read them. The moraing and
evening papei* of Chicago are read in Lake,
Dupage, and Will Counties, to one of which counties
this esse would have to go. Tho farts, pertiapa.
wonld make a greater Impression on the people of
those towns than they do on the minds of tho many
citizens here, who are crowded with their own al
lairs, and verv shortly lose sight of it if they once read
it Ido not believe, therefore, tliat this defendant can
be any more prejudiced l»y a trial In this county Hum
inanyoneadjoinlngto which I should be compelled
to send the case, aud 1 do not believe tliat the evidence
has made anv more Impression hero than elsewhere
but if it had/that would be sufficient reason why any
lumnan should be excluded from tho panel.
The onlr other allegation is that two or three hun
dred people tried to lynch the defendant. They are
almost an insignificant traction of the county. I can
sec no reason why the venue should he clianged.
Mr. Beach, attorney for the prisoner, then
stated it was not possible for him to bring the
prisoner to trial at this term, but ho did not de
sire to divulge the prisoner’s defence by making
affidavit as the cause for continuance. If ho did
so, it would involve such statements concerning
the peoples' witnesses as might prejudice them
against the prisoner, who would have to rely up
on what be could draw out from them.
The Court declined to act upon a motion to
continue upon so unprecedented a state of case,
but signified that a liberal spirit waold govern
an applicaton in lawful form.
Mr.Beach expressed his opinion that a legal
butchery was about to be consummated, whore
lore he withdrew from tbe cause.
The prisoner then being interrogated stated
that he was unable to procure other counsel.
DEPBAVnT—FOURTEEN TEARS.
Thomas Marshall, indicted for an assault with
intent to rape one Hattie Winters, was found
guilty, and the penalty of his offence fixed at
fourteen years in the Penitentiary. It appeared,
in evidence, that the prisoner, a man of about the
ago of 40 years, decoyed his victim, a child of
the age of 8 years, into a Buss’ stable, coixing
her in, with a younger sister, to see a horse.
LABCENT—ONE TEAR.
Jerry Berry, with whom was implicated a wo
man, was tried and convicted under an indict
ment charging him with the larceny of clothing
and trinkets of the value of S4O. from one Moses
H. Baxter, wh e trunk he rifled at the Bends
House. The jury accorded him one year in tho
State Prison.
BOBBEUT —FOtTR TEAM.
'William Caldwell -was convicted of robbery;
and awarded a residence of four years in tho
Penitentiary. He with one Quirk, who is now at
the State Prison, met a wooaen-leggcd man by
tbo name of Daniel Sullivan, ,in a lumber yard,
whore they attacked him and stole hia watch.
John Horton was sentenced to the County Jail
for six months for the larceny of a twelve dollar
coat from Anton Ruttger.
XIKMAMJED CASES.
John Marvo pleaded guilty of the larceny of
$35 In money, the property of Charles Mlchaolis,
a follow lodger. the property from un
der his neighbor’s pillow. He was remanded.
—James Muldoon Illegally cast two votes at the
last election. He acknowledged hia guilt and
was remanded.
—James Mnyner pleaded guilty of the Larceny
of 800 ponnds of iron, valned at SB, the property
of Daniel R. Brant, and sentence was suspended.
—Catherine McCarthy,who,upon tho occasion of
tbo general arraignment, denied her guilt, when
charged with the larceny of sai worth of dry
goods from Joel N. Swart, yesterday, entered a
plea of gulty, and was remanded to await sen
tence.
This week's docket includes three eases of homi
cide. Therein set for Tuesday the trial of An
drew J. Pertect, charged with tho murder of his
wife by cutting her throat, and the trial of Greg
ory Peri, for the murder of two men, employes of
a pop factory, who had dealings with him on the
night of the great fire.
CIBOUIT COURT,
TO MAKE EVIDENCE OP TITLE,
A*bill was filed in behalf of Horatio O. Stone,
Jr., against Horatio O. Stone, Sr., and others, the
prayer of which is to define a trust and to ap
point a new trustee, the original deed under
which the trust accrued having been destroyed
by fire. The property concerned includes the
west twenty acres of the north half of the south
half, and the south half of tho north half of the
northeast quarter of Bectlon 10, 39, 14; Sub
lot 6 of Lots 13 and 14. and the
north half of Lot 13 of Block 14, Fort .Dearborn
Addition; sub-Lots 1 and 2of Lots 3 and 4. Block
140, School Addition. Tho property was, it is al
leged, cqnveyed by H. O. stone, Sr., September
21,1863, for the benefit of his wife and any chil
dren who might be berm. The value of the realty
is stated to bo about sioo,ooo.
CHARGE AGAINST AN ATTORNEY.
An-actlon on the case, iu the commencement of
which a capias was sued out, was instituted
a>y Agatha Meagher against one John H. Ferrell.
'Toe damages In this case are laid at S6OO. The
plaintiff alleges, under oath, that upm tho 27th
day of October last, she employed Ferrell as her
attorney, to conduct for her a plaint of replevin,
by means’of which to recover a trank of clothing.
Ho demanded $3 advance fees before the Justice,
to liquidate which, aho gave him 16. He stated
ho would procure change. He forgot
to do this, and! sis charged that he also, when
possession of the trunk was obtained, took from
her, by snatching, a watch valued at $56, and in
tensified her grief by suffering her cause to go by
default, so that judgment wont against her lor a
board bUL
ALLEGED SLANDER,
An action to recover for an alleged slander case,
was commenced by Henrietta Habuland who
joins her husband in the proceeding, against
August Ebcrlc- The damages was laid at
16.C00.
An action of ejectment was commenced, against
tho South Park Commissioners, by Robert L.
Wilson, who claims title to tho west half of the
oast half of the northeast quarter of Section is,
33,14, forty acres.
ASSUMPSIT.
An action of assumpsit was instituted by Mary
E.Hullam, against Franklin Person, in which
demand is made tor Si,WO.
COUNTY COURT,
WILL raoHATED.
Tho will of Bomor Hopkins was proved, and
letters testamentary were granted to the widow,
Kittle L. liopklus, under bond of SIC,OOO.
ADMINISTRATION.
Sarah A. Gallagher was appointed to adminis
ter upon tho estate of John BAlnUaghcr, her de
ceased husband, under bond of $360.
SUPERIOR COURT.
ASSUMPSIT.
An action of assumpsit was commenced bj
Hrastus Gary against Henry C. Childs, by whid
demand is made for $3,006.
THE CITY IN BRIEF.
Parlor Concert*
A day or two since a little sketch was published
iu these columns ot a noble enterprise in which
somo 'West Side ladles had embarked, in the for
mation of a Woman’s Industrial Aid Society, for
the purpose of furnishing work and wapa to
eewtog-gWs and others who had boon burned out
of their situations. On Thursday ovenlmr last
parlor concert was given in aid a? MS? a
enterprise at the residence of hlrs. w
M ‘we ar!
glad to state that it was in every tmv n sni
pleto success, especially so In a ft point
view, the receipts being «»7. Nor was inSS
couraglng from an artistic standpoint ThcrS
lowing ladies and gentlemen participated in' thk
vocal and Instrumental entertainment: Mrs. John
larwell, Mrs. O. K. Johnson, Madam© Roths
child Wetzler, Mr, W. C. Collin, Mr. Robert
Howard, Hr. Frank Bowen and Mr. Meyer,
Violating tho Fire Ordinance.
The erection of temporary frame dwellings
within the old fire limits has not, since the great
conflagration, been interfered with by the city
authorities, for the reason that shelter was abso
lutely necessary for those whose houses were de
stroyed. Borne of tho property-owners, how
ever, have commenced putting Bp frame build
ings with the intention of allowing them to re
nts in permanently. To this class of people, who
me violating tho tiro ordinance now m force, the
pour© authorities are paying attention. OnSat
;u«ay four gentlemen who were creating frame
buildings of this class on the North
Bice _ wc arrested and fined $35 by
Justice HanuuUL Many men are now pushing
forward frame buildings on ground within the
proposed new fire limits, and straining overy
nerra to hare them ready for occupancy before
the Common Council pastes tne now ordinance,
and unices the ordinance become*. a law witnin
n very ehoft time Chicago will be In aa KooA'con
dition as ever fora conflagration widen will as
tonish tbo ■world and bankrupt tUo remaining
eolvent insurance companies.
A Plncky Girl.
Though the now England girls outnumber the
men, the latter arc forced to come -hope for
wives* They appear to bo well suited, oven
though tholr wives have to get suited from their
fathers'll wardrobes. So at least the following
from a Boston paper would Indicate: “A Chi
cago girl wrote toner lover In Springfield, Has
sacbusetts, Just after the fire, saying: 'Our
wedding was sot for next week, and, if you will
stand up wtth a woman dressed in a cotton skirt
and her father's overcoat, como on.’ The brave
youth telegraphed in reply; ’Got ready, ITlba
with yDU.’ Y
Injured through Carelessness,
An accident resulting from, carelessness hap
pened at the Arctic House about 11 o’clock on Sat
urday evening. Mr. Fred. Rounder, one the pro
prietors, wanted to start a lire, and the kindling
not igniting as soon as ho wished ho poured a
quantity or diamond oil into the stove. The
oil took fire at once and set the can, which Mr.
Rounniorbad in bis bund, ablaze, burning bis
bands and face very badly. Dr. Young was call
ed in and attended to him. His injuries are not
considered dangerous.
Jobnßeiley and Alexander McLaughlin had a
fight on the comer of Fifth street and Chicago
avenue, on Saturday night, and Roiley struck
McLaughlin in the lace with a club, breaking the
bone over his left eye, and knocking out the op
tic. McLaughlin was removed to his homo, No.
20 Fifth street, and is not expected to recover.
Reiley was arrested and locked up in the Chicago
Avenue police station.
A Touching Obituary,
The Mobile Register tbua writes the obituary
notice of a Chicagoan, forgetting that tbo fire
may have been responsible for the bad taste be
displayed: “A citizen of Chicago recently shot
himself on the Kansas Pacific Railroad. *Ho bad
been pluying three-card monte on the train.' He
was right. A man who will play throe-card mon
te when it is just as easy to play poker, ought to
shoot himaeU.”
An infant son of Policeman Timothy SUcaban
was fatally burned yesterday afternoon. During
the absence of its mother and wbilo its father
was asleep, the child lighted a match and sot fire
to its clothing. Its screams awoko Shcahun,
who, in subduing the flames, burned bis hands so
as to render him unfit for duty. Tbo child died
from the effects of its injuries in a fow hours.
Relief for Chicago*
The latest English papers report that the sum
received at the Mansion House for the relief of
Chicago amounts already to £17,900.
—Advices were received yesterday from A. P.
Ditteudoeffer. Esq., of Now York, stating that
Mannheim, a beautiful little town on tho Rhine,
had forwarded, through Messrs. Oreenebaum,
bankers of this city, is.ooo florins for tho relief
fund. The donation, which is a magnificent ono,
will be most gratefully received.
—Tho city of Clinton, lowa, did for Chicago
about what everybody expected Clinton would
do. On Tuesday, October 10. a car-load of pro
visions bad started for the relief of the destitute,
which was turned over to Aldorman C. C. P.
Holden, The Post Office employes of the same
city subscribed a handsome sum for brother
sufferer in Chicago, for which they will always bo
gratefully remembered.
NOTICE.
Ad Optic Knocked Out.
A Child Burned to Death.
miscellaneous*
—Messrs. G. C. Cook Co., wholesale grocers,
are 'willing to contribute a safe to tho proposed
monument of old safes to be erected in union
Park. IT a letter-press monument is tobeorected
they propose to donate two valueless presses.
-Mr. M. H. Jones delivered a free lecture at the
Free Congregational Church. Bloomington, on
“Chicago by Moonlight.” Tho lecture was
listened to with great attention. Ur. Jones was
an eye-witness of the conflagration.
—The anvil upon which the Rev. Robert Collyer
worked *Mt. liklcy, England, was dug out of
the ruins of Unity Church and presented to W. H.
Baldwin, of Boston.Dlt has been mounted and
placed In the rooms of the Young Men’s Christian
Union, Boston.
HYDE PAHS.
Meeting of (be Town Trustees—Standing Com
mittees for the Ensuing Year—The Gas Com
pany—Petitions—Resolutions Adopted*
An adjourned meeting -of the Board of Trustees
of tho town of Hyde Park was hold on Saturday
afternoon. President Cady announced the fol
lowing standing committees for the ensuing
year:
Finance— Hale. Bradncr, ami Clark.
Accounts anti Expenditures— Waldron, Fisher, and
Bradncr.
Judiciary— Fisher, Doyle, and Hale.
SpecialAf*f*s>nent —Clark, Hale, and Vandor-Bclt.
Fuliceand sanitary— Doyle, Fisher. and Barney.
Streets and Mightcxigs—S\' al(iron, Clark, and Vandcr-
Belt.
Mrainage— Barney, Doyle, and Fisher.
Fuhlie Grounds and ifunddipa—Bradnsr, Waldron,
and Hale.
Total Flat* —Clark, Bradncr. and Barney.
Licenses— Vander-Belt, Barney, and Waldron.
Miscellaneous Easiness—Doyle, Yonder-Bolt, and
Barney.
Charles Hitchcock. Esq., appeared before the
board on behalf of tho Hyde Park Gas Company,
asking that Section 27, tho gas ordinance, passed
June 24,1871, be repealed.
It provided that the town might purchase the
Gas works within fifteen years, and run them in
tho interest of the town. He argued that such a
course would bo unwise and unprofitable; that
no power now existed, and. under tho new consti
tution, would not probably be granted to the
town for that purpose; that tho company were
crippled by tho Chicago fire, and could not go on;
but that, if this section was repealed, a company
wae ready to proceed with the works at onco.
Tho section was repealed.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred;
From Winchester Hall, for opening ditches on
Michigan avenue.
From residents of tho Third District, for the
appointment of John T. Ritchio as night police
man and Thomas Cobum as policeman.
From owners of the Douglas and Blanohard
tracts, for permission to remove the sand piles on
tho lake shore and to lay out and macadamize a
driveway at their own expense.
From Guy C. Sampson, Justice of tho Peace, for
remission of a SSO fine imposed by him on William
Bard for depositing dead chickens contrary to
ordinance, of which he pleaded ignorance and
removed the fowl forthwith.
From John McCaffrey, for payment of balance
of $12,000 duo him for Improvement of H\'dc
Pork avenue.
The following resolutions wero adopted:
That the Superintendent repair tho crossing at
Forty-second and State streets.
That the Committee on Public Buildings procure
a stove for the Jail and place samo in tho corridor.
That the Committee on Accounts report tho
amounts duo the members for per diem and
committee work, and tho amount duo to tho
Town Clerk.
That the Town Clerk bo instructed to draw
warrants for all bills approved by the committees
and ordered to be paid by the board.
That tho Finance Committee report at tho next
meeting tho balances and overdrafts of tho sev
eral assessment funds, and tho amount nccossary
to be levied for general town purposes tho ensu
ing year.
That tho Committee on Streets confer with tho
Sooth Park Commissioners in relation to tho un
finished space of ICO foot between Grove park
way, and Drozd avenues and Oak street im
provement just completed.
Captain Binford reports 23 arrest lor tho last
month of 23 residents of Hyde Park and 2 of Chi
cago—for drunkenness, 16; breaking the peace, G;
dlgffinglnstrccts, 2; vagrant l. Fines assessed,
sl4l.
Bills were approved and ordered to bo paid to
the amount of $3,032.66, and the board acUourucd
to Saturday, Doc. 3.
Sirs. Livermore.
hire. Livermore, formerly of this city, la now
tho most popular female locturerin the Now Eng
land States. She received invitations from eight
different courses in Boston alone this season,
and she speaks every night (often preaching on
Sunday) from October to January In New Eng
land. After that date she lectures in tho Middle
States and tho West. Western societies who de
sire to engage her should apply to RedpatU
Fall, of the Boston Lyceum Bureau, at once.
Boots and Shoes,
Everybody, by gomg to 6. S. Richardson «fc
Co.’e, No. 61 West Randolph street, can get any
thing they want in tho lino of boots, shoes, slip
pers, rubber*, Alaskas, and Arctics for men,
women, and children, at prices as low as any
where. Men's and boys’ hand-made kip and calf
a specialty.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Forßyapepiio, Indigestion. Depression
of Spirits, ana General Debility, tho Ferro-Phos
phorated Elixir of Calisaya Bark (Calisaya Bark
and Iron), is t’n beat tonic, made by Caswell,
Hazard Co., New York, and sold by druggists.
8150,000 in J,OOO cash prizes—Highest
prize $60,000 gold coin, to be distributed legally by
ebanco, January 50th, 1873, in aid of tho Mercy
Hospital, Om-iia, Nebraska. Pattee Gardiner,
Managers. Tickets $3 each, or two for |5.
A Blessing to Blethers. Mrs. Winslow*
Soothing Syrup, for all diseases wlthwhlcU child
ren arc amicted, la n safe and certain remedy.
Pimples removed and the skin made
smooth by using Juniper Tar Soap. Manufactured
by Caswell 4 O. Now York.
Illinois and Michigan Oansl,
Canal Office, Cinc.voo. Nov. 25.— Cleared—
Maple Leaf. Joliet; Colonel Martin, SLockport;
E. walker, Jr.. Lemont.
Arrived—D. Hess, Lemont, 54 yds stone: Con
stitution, Lemont, 67 yds stone; J. H. Walker,
Lemont. 89yds stone; 8. and T.. Lemont. 69 yds
stone; Bescao. Lemont, 66 yds stone: H. L. Poaa-
Ico, Lemont, 74 yds stone: H. Walker, Lemont,
Sp yds stone; Harry, Willow Springs, 28,000 lbs
tr&S.
Canal OFFICE, Nov. 35—5 p. it.—Cleared—
Prop Wasp, Summit; Rescue. Lemont; H. L.
iHraslee. Lemont; J. S. Walker, Lemont: D.
Hess. Lemont; Geo. Judd, Lemont: S. and T.,
Lockport; Chicago Bello, Utica, 40 bris salt*
Lake Disasters*
Port Colrornb, Out., Oct. 25.—Tho bark Bay
City, having broken loose from tho tug Dunkirk,
is now beached nine miles west of this place. The
Captain reports that he was in tow with the
barges Forester and Niagara, bound from Buf
falo to Saginaw, when the wind blowing a gale,
the baric broke loose. Nothing has since been
heard of the tug or barges.
—The Philadelphia Press of tho 23d says
u Among tho now projects noted in our railway
column this morning la ono that will be more
readily comprehended in Philadelphia than most
other cities. Under tho name of the Northwestern
a fti on anr M tension of tho Superior
KotthS? a from Shrte line to tho
Northern Paclflc junction. has boon
incorporated. The contract lor thta aeotton
has been taken by Walbridgo Brothers Sa^ront
an Ohio firm who expect have the roadrf^
for running by July. ism. The Junction with the
North Pacinc will be made at Thomson, from
which point that road wilt thereafter have the
advantage of n forked debouch to the take— ono
line running in on the south side of the river at
Superior, the other along the north bank at Du-
I mb.
CHICAGO.
The Xlemeleii Rnnired Thousand—What
Xlod to be Done for Them—Heir lit Was
to be Done, and Who Had to Do It—
The Chicago “Tammany” oud the Be*
Kief nhd Aid Society.
Chicago (Nor. ll) Correspondence ol the New York
Tribune.
On Monday night, the Oth of October just
post, 100,000 ol the people ol this city, who
the night before had gone quietly to rest in
homes ol some sort of their own, had no
where to lay their heads except as' they
could find shelter with friends,
or could huddle into churches
whose doors had been thrown open
to all who would enter, or could creep into
empty wagons, or lie down on friendly door
steps, or drop exhausted upon the hard
ground of the prairie or the beach, whither
they had fled to escape death by tiro. There
has been no actual count of the people, but
100,000 is not too largo an estimate. On the
North Side on that Monday night, not half a
dozen houses were left standing, and the
latest census of that division of the town was,
in round numbers. 78,000. On the South Side
and the West Side together, in an area of not
less than a mils square, ouo single isolated
warehouse near the river was only spared,
1 and much of the space had been tilled with
tenement-houses teeming with population,
and still more, was densely packed with
those small wooden shanties into which the
poor wore crowded; the better
class of dwellings in another jpor
j tion, as m 'Wabash and. Michigan
I avenues, had come to bo, almost exclusively,
boarding-houses, with rarely less than two
persons to a room, and the upper portions of
most of the large marble and crick blocks in
the business section of the town were filled
with young men—-and in many cases with
young women—who found it cleaper or
pleasanter to thus lodge in one place and
board in another than to live in hoarding
houses. Twenty-fivo thousand for this dense*
i ly packed population is a moderate estimate,
and that, added to the actual count of the
North Side, where there was not house-room
enough left \o cover a hundred people, will
more than make up the hundred thousand
who stood that day at sundown with only
the sky over their heads. Another estimate
also helps us to the sumo conclusion; it is
reckoned that the lire burnt up Sixty miles
j of city streets. In a straight line it is a good
four miles from tbo starting point of the tiro
to tbo last house burned.
But these hundred thousand people were
notoniy without homes. During tho eighteen
or twenty hours of that fierce conflagration
the wind blew a hurricane which a ship at
sea could only have weathered under bare
})oles and a storm stayrsail. Tho fire was tho
ire of a blast-furnace, not merely of burning
houses. Its lino was not continuous. In
deed, after tho first two hours it had no lino,
but worked its way sometimes to windward
in some unexpected quarter, while all tho
time it swept away furiously to leeward,
bursting up continually in fresh spots wher
ever one of tho huge brands, or blazing
boards, or fragments of roofs, that tho hur
ricane hurled lor miles, made a lodgment and
kindled up a new starting-place. A wooden
house wooldllash into a blaze like a huge pile
of brushwood; tho brick or marble buildings
would glow for a few moments with tho in
tense light of a furnace, the fierce flames
flaring out across tho widestreets, or into tho
doors and windows of those next them as if
driven through some compound blow-pipe,
and would then crumble and crash down into
their own collars great masses of living fire,
horning with the more intensity under that
terrible blast, as tho mingled material of
wood, and stone, and iron, and tho varied
contents of shops, and stores, and ware
houses, and dwellings were heaped together.
Tho air was filled, with flying and
blazing missiles, driven before the
wind, and hurried in every direc
tion dense clouds of smoke rolled down into
tbo open spaces of tho streets, .the more
blinding and confusing in tho light and
shadow which tho red flames lent them: tho
light sand and dust were lifted and driven
about like a driving snow storm or a sirocco;
and the suffocating heats burnt up the at
mosphere, so that neither man nor beast
could breathe in it and live. Even the rats
marched down in droves* like those that fol
lowed tho Pled Piper of Hiemlin, through
the hot streets, ana crossed tho beach and
took refuge in tho lake. Men, women, and
children fled literally for their lives, thinking
of* nothing, and caring for nothingSmt to
gain, if that were possible, a place whore the
fire could not reach them. Thousands
were only half clad; many were in thin
night-clothes only. They left their homes
behind them, in all the order and comfort
and security which they had about them
when they wont to bed on Sunday night, and
snatched up, as they ran, only tho garments,
if even those that they had laid off that
night; for it rained down fire, and there was
no time for thought of anything but escape.
Some who were aroused early, and some who
had tho prescience to foresee the coming
calamity, moved everything in good season,
as they thought, to some distant place of
safety; hut the lire followed with
swifter foot than they could fly, and
seized their household goods and gods from
out their very hands, and left them only a
heap of ashes. Thus a hundred thousand
stricken people stood on Monday night at
sundown, stripped, for tho most part, ©f all
their worldly possessions; hungry,naked, and
with nowhero to lay their heads. So much
for tho living; for the dead, they have never
been counted, and never will bo. What
am you looking for?” said a gentleman
to a friend and neighbor whom ho found dig
ging among tho ruins of his house, on tho
North Side, a day or two after tho lire. For
my mother,” was tho answer.
Of this 100.000 peopie, 20,000 probably loft
the city in tho course of a few clays. The
Transportation Committee alone has issued
E asses to 7,000, which tho different railroads
ave duly honored; tho railroad officers have
passed many more of thoir own motion, and
a largo number have gone out of town, in va
rious other ways than by rail, to tho towns
and country round about. Then 15,000 more,
perhaps, found refuge with friends iu tho
city, or could command the means to estab
lish themselves in some sort of an ahiding
placo of thoir own. But, making thus all
possible deductions, there would remain from
60,000 to 70,00 persons, absolutely destitute of
everything, to bo fed, and clothed, and shel
tered; and, indeed, now—more than amonth
I after tho fire, and when a largo decrease has
I been made, from various causes, in tho num-
I her of thoso who cannot tako care of thom-
I selves—there stand recorded upon tho books
of tbo Belief Society 13,000 families who
I need to bo supported wholly or in part. It
is not likely that they average much less
than five to a family, and that would
give about 60,000 as tho number who have
to bo looked after daily by tho Be
lief Committee. It is a complicated busi
ness to care for an army of sixty thonsan d
men, duly mustered ana in quarters, its com
mand divided ami subdivided, so that each
man is under the immediate and personal
supervision of a superior officer, its Commis
sary Department fully provided for, its
i whole machinery thbronghly systematized
and in perfect running order, with all its
traditions and regulations and checks and
balances as accurately adjusted as in an
eight-cylinder printing press and a first-class
steam engine. Given first this great and
perfected machinery, and given then
the men who are accustomed by
long habit to rnn it, and your armv of
CO,OOOmcn goes on smoothly enough provided
every man is careful ana diligent iu his
special duty, provided no screw gets loose
anywhere, ana no hitch occurs, anywhere
from tho Commissary General down to tho
dnuumer-boy’srations. But conceive .of au
army of 00,000 to be composed, not of mar
shalled, organized, and trained men, where
i there is a place for every man and every
mankDowßhisplaco t hnt of men and wom
en and children without organization or
cohesion, huddled together in extrem
ity of distress, weary, hungry, house
less, naked, cold, and in despair,
and tho problem is how to food and clothe
and shelter them—a problem to bo solved
instantly or they perish—not to bo ciphered
i out at leisure with time enough to devise
flans and appoint officers of tens and of
mudreds of thousands, to provide material
and places, to divide and subdivide work and
duties—but the whole thing to he taken in a
lump then and there, and then and
there done before sun-down. Conceive
of this and you have an idea of
the work that was hurled at the Belief
Society; of tho chaos out of which they had
to evolve order; of the prayer for salvation
which came from thoso tens of thousands of
pleading eyes and thoso tens of thousands of
outstretched hands. They did what they
could; it is wonderful they did so well; none
hut that Power which said, “Lot there be
light, and there was light,” ont of such dark
ness could have commanded the perfect day.
It was fortunate for Chicago that it
such an organization ns this Belief and Aid
Society. It has been in existence nine or ten
years, nas taken upon itself, during all that
time, tho care of such of tho poor of tho city
ns were not absolute paupers, and has been
managed by picked men from among its
I lawyers, physicians, clergymen, and •mer
chants. As in all such cases, the work had
1 devolved upon a few, but those were men
who, voluntarily, and from conscientious
and benevolent motives, took this work of
charity upon themselves, and reduced it
ito a svstem of scientific accuracy. On
Monday, the 9th of October, hi th* tot con
fusion of that dire disaster, and whcil tho
citv was like the first resting-place of a routed
and fugitive army, with no water save that
dipped from tho lake by hand; no gas in
streets or houses; a third ol tho people with
out food, or shelter, or clothing; that.pitiless
southwest gale unabated in its fury, and
over all that fierce glow of tho smoldering
fires, shedding down upon us a lurid light
rom a brazen sky. like a moonlight red
with blood—thou wo turned
for succor where wo could.
The first generous supplies of provisions, and
clothing, and money, that poured in from all
sections of the country were used without
discrimmationorjndgment.aud. though thev
relieved much suffering, where relief could
hardly go amiss, there was enormous and
lavish waste, as well as cruel, selfish greed.
And iu another sense, also, we were Uke a
defeated army flying, with all tho people
round about, before a relentless ene
my, for tho birds of prey scented
death ami disaster. and gathered
for the feast, and filled the air with their
clamor. Here were millions of money com
ing, and thousands upon thousands to bo de
pendent upon bounty, and disbursements to
he made wnich. both as to those who made
ana those who received them, would be a
TSE CHICAGO TRIBIfNE s\ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1871.
fruitful source of power and of profit. The
aovember election waa only a month away,
to the foul brood of city
politicians, it seemed that their
lather, the Deni, had come in just the
nick of time to their assistance. A Board of
Aldermen, a majority of which has aspired
to be the Tammany of Chicago, and so tar as
it has failed, has failed for want of oppor
tunity and ability, and not because of any
fear of either Goa or man, counted now upon
retaining place and putting their enemies
under their feet with the personal and pecu
niary power which the handling of the re
lief fund and provisions in kind would give
them. For the first three days, from Tues
day to Friday, the danger was that allairs
would fall completely into the hands of this
class of political bummers, and the struggle
they made to retain their hold upon them
was as desperate ns the clutch of death.
It was the crisis in the fate of Chicago.
Whether it should ever recover from tlio
terrible calamity that had swept over it, or
whether the min should ho utter and irrev
ocable, depended altogether upon the char
acter of tho men into whoso hands should
fall the essential government of tho city at
this moment. That essential government
would rest with those into whoso control
should come the caro of the needy andsuffor
ing; who should keep them in a condition for
wholesome labor, and should provide it for
them; should keep away from them all'
temptation to desperate remedies for desper
ate circumstances; and who should use
wisely and economically the generous
bounty in provisions and money which was
pouring in from every quarter. Of that
rich fund we should, without doubt, have
seen tho end ero this, had things gone
on as they begun, and the laboring peo
ple of Chicago, instead of being cheerfully
at work at good wages, would have been at
this moment a starving, discontented, tur
bulent population, feeling that they were
defrauded of that which an overwhelming
sympathy for suffering had given for their
relief, that a gang of thieving politicians
might carry out their purposes m attaining
or Keeping political power, aud grow rich
upon the sustenance of the poor. But, for
-timatoly, tho Mayor of Chicago was a man
of common sense, who would not give up to
party what was meant for humanity.
He recognized the distinction that the
succor sent to Chicago was seat to the peo
ple, and not to the municipality; that it no
more foil by necessity and right under tho
control of the Board of Aldermen ortho
Common Council than under that of tho
Board of Trade, but that it ought to 50
whore there waa the beat assurance that it
would bo used for the purposes for which
it was given, and where those who
gave it would have some confidence
that it would bo so used. By timely proc
lamation, therefore, three days after the
lire, but wheu time enough had elapsed to
justify tho wisdom and necessity of tho
step, mayor Mason handed over the whole
business of tho cate of.the needy and the
custody of everything bestowed on their be
half to the Relief and Aid Society. Tho
Ring 77 did not submit to this decision with
out a desperate struggle; but fortunately
tho Executive Committe of the society were
not only men of high standing in
this community, hut men of firm
ness and quick decision. Accepting
the groat trust imposed upon them, they en
tered instantly andvigorouslyuponthe great
work before them, heedless of partisan
clamor, deaf alike to threats and offers of
compromise. In tlireo days the question was
settled, and tho almoners of tho largest be
neficence that tho world, perhaps, has ever
seen for a purely humane purpose, sat in
perpetual session at Standard Hall, or
ganizing and carrying out a system of
relief and aid for this stricken people, so that
not a dollar should be wasted or unaccounted
for, and not one in this great multitude of
sufferers should go hungry, or unclothed, or
without shelter. There are, no doubt, hero,
as there would bo everywhere under like
circumstances, other men who, from like
motives and with like ability and in
tegrity, would have discharged the
responsibilities of such a trust; but it is no
mere than common justice to say that every
one of these men gives his invaluable ser
vices at great sacrifice of his personal affairs,
and it is simply an obvious reflection to add
that it was most fortunate for Chicago that
Buch a bodv of men was already picked and
chosen, ready and willing for so sudden and
so urgent an emergency.
On this subject, I am sure, I have not dwelt
too long. The contributors to tho Chicago
fund, both in this country and abroad, want
to know, and have aright to know, what dis
position is made of their bounty, and what
the character of the organization into
whoso hands it has fallen. Three aud a
half millions of dollars is a good
deal of money to give away, and when it is
given for a specific purpose the giver likes
to ho sure that that purpose is answered.
The world, in such a case as this, wishes
assurance, not metely that it *is not
cheated out of its money, but that
the sufferer, on whose behalf it was given,
is not cheated out of tho intended xeliet. The
latter motive, no doubt, is tho stronger, and
where the question is asked— u What are
they doing with the money tho predomi
nant feeling is one of sympathy for suffering,
rather than anxiety about the mere use of a
contribution. One gives to a street beggar,
and trusts that it is at least an even chance
that the alms bestowed may bo beneficial.
But if ho gives to a trustee for tho relief of
a friend, he is anxious for that friend’s re
lief, aud is sharp in hia inquiries, not for the
money’s sake, but for his friend's sako t if
he has any reason for don\jt na
to the disposition of his boull* v It is, there
fore, desirable thst tlw public onteida of
Chicago jflioiiifl be satisfied that the Relief
-'O'wlciy have accepted this work as a
fiduciary trust; that they are accountable to
the laws of tho State—the society being a
chartered institution and obliged to make
and publish an annual official report—for
Us proper discharge; and that its
officers are mou whose ordinary rela
tions to society are at tho same time
the evidence and tho guaranty of their char
acter and their conauct. What they are
doing, and how they are doing it, X may,
perhaps, tell you in another letter; for
the sympathy that has poured out from
a full heart with a full hand, all over our
own country, in Canada, aud in England, is
not exhausted, and those who lavished their
gifts upon the people of Chicago are natural
ly and properly anxious to know what relief
their bounty lias given, and how it fares now
with those many thousands who. more than
a month ago, were turned out between sun
down and sundown, into a smoking wilder
ness, homeless and poor; S. H. 6.
CHAPMAN—On tho morning of tho 2Ctli Novem
ber, Mrs. Harmony, wife of Casa Chapman, ngod
S3 yore. Remains will be taken to Niles, Mieliigun,
for burial, on Tuesday morning.
Niles papers please copy.
WHITCHURCH—In lids city. Nov. 2C. 1371, Char
lottoo Henrietta, daughter of 11. W, and Margaret
Whitchurch, aged 5 years.
Funeral to-day (27th) atl o’clock p. m„ from No.
270 South Desplalnes-fit.
The board for tho relief of members of the fraternity
of A- F. A A. Masons, hold sessions from 9 a. m. to 5 p.
m. daily, at their rooms. Masonic Temple (fourth floor),
corner Randolph and Unlstcd-sts. All brethren, ana
the widows and orphans of deceased brethren, who are
sufferers by the Are oi sth and 9th October, will, upon
due application, receive assistance.
DEWITT C. CHEQUER, President,
JAMES MORISON, Superintendent,
HENRY DUVALL, Secretary,
WILEY M. EGAN, Treasurer.
Chicago, Nov. 53,1371.
LaFavette Chapter No. 2. R. A. M. Regular Convo
cation tJii.*<Mondav) even ing, at 71-2 o'clock, for busi
ness, at tho hall of Union Park Lodge, No. SSlWest
Latent. A full attendance requested. By order of
the H. P. E. N. TUCKER. Secretary.
Barrett, Strong &Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
For (be Sale of Game,. Poultry, Butter,
Eggs, Etc.
East Randolph-st., Chicago.
COGSWELL CO.
ABE HOW OPES AT
306 W. Madison-st.,
With a fall stock of WATCHES, JEW
ELRY and WATCH MAKERS* TOOLS.
Prompt and careful attention to orders.
is now in full runnimr order in his now store ani
workshop, situated at lOOondlOtf HARBISON-BT.,
wner of Fcurth-av., with a full and complete stock
et Plumbing Materials (at old prices) and a large staff
of first-class workmen, fully prepared for any amount
oi weak. Thanking his friends and tho public tor part
favors, he hopes through his close personal attention
to all work entrusted to his care to merit a full share
of tJielr patronage for tho future. All parties in want
of first-lass plumbing will do.well to glvehimacall
before going elsewhere.
_Ajl_workWarranted. Jobbiagpromptlyattendedto.
But the Diamond Spectacles "Will Preserve it
IF YOU VALUE YOUR EYESIGHT
USE THESE
PERFECT LENSES.
Ground from tainnto crystal pebbles, melted to
getiier. and derive their name, Dunoxn on nc.
count of their Hardness and Boillian'CT- Thar will
last many years withont chance, and are warranted
superior to all others in use. Manufactured bX
<7. E, BPEKCER Sz CO., Opticians,
k zvr tons,
tiade^nrk. 1 6011X111,0 un^&39 stamped with our
FoeMiehy rwponalblaagents throughout the Union,
tt. 81. Sc J, b. 0UY0.4C3 3tatset.
TiT- 9W S£n aa£ l o:pt:c r i:ia are sole agents fop Chicago,
“W o&amM. *f»
DIED.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Masonic
t^lasonic.
BUSINESS CARDS.
HUGH 'W'-A.’J’X,
PLtMBEB,
Formerly of 69 MonroC-st.,’
SPECTACLES.
BKONEV CANNOT BUY KTI
For Sight is Prtedcss.'t
CARPETS.
CARPETS.
HAMLIN, HALE COMPANY
Haring completed the
tFasbington-st. addition to
their Wholesale Store,
now offer
a Hill line of Carpets
At Wholesale and Retail, at
31 S3 South Canal-st.
DRY GOODS.
DRY GOODS.
HAMLIN, HALE COMPANY,
328 WEST MAOISON-ST.
Plain and Plaid Dress Hoods,
Flannels, Woollens,
Shawls, Blankets,
Prints, Cottons,
Silks and. Laces, at
much under the prices of
any other house.
Hosiery, Underwear,
and Table Linens.
Saits and Cloaks very
low.
BANKING.
THE
GERMAN
SHIS BUI
MONTHLY REPORT TO NO
VEMBER 21, 1871.
PUBLISHED BY ORDER OF THE DIRECTORS.
The regular meeting in October not having been held
for want of a quorum, wo at this time a report
of the aggregate business transactions ainco Soptom
bcriSthlast. Tho lire of October Sth ami 9th destroy
ing tho bank building, corner Lako and La Salle
streets, caused an Interruption in onr business until
tho contents of oar vault could be removed to our
present location, No. is Canal street, between Lake
and Randolph streets.
Since the last meeting of Directors we have opened
now accounts as follows:
From September 19 tothotimo of tho fir©....167 books
From October 17 to tho present time 170 books
Since tho time of tho last meeting tho volamo of
business lias been as follows:
Deposited before tho fire, on new books $36,534.73
Deposited before the fire, on old books 38,143.28
Total $72,997.99
Amount paid during tho samo time to 270
persons $40,655.43
Deposited since the fire In new books <£,££.6s
Deposited since the fire in old books
Total 0.*103,7»JS
Amount paid dorlngtbo same time to 1,200
persons, principally from the 2torth Dlvls*
{Oq •••.•.«i3t 1 71v.00
averaging to each depositor tho som of
Sl3«2ji _ _
The aggregate amount of savings in bank.
at turn date is *038,3i5.<2
Amount in bank September C^,73I.TT
increase e meeting 4 s£W.9a
Against tho deposit wo liavo the following assets:
Amount invested in United States. City.. and
o*«a*r Wads. *331,300.00
Loans of lirst mortgage on real estate oi
double tho value, exclusive of improve*
menta.. 421,250.00
Cash on'band and la 40,152.00
exclusive' pi accrued interest pa all oar
bonds and securities amounting tosuffl.
dent to make a handsome surplus, over
and above our paid-up capital of $200,000.
It Is gratifying to report the fact that the lire only
destroyed three buildings In which wo wore interested
—the First Swedish Baptist Church, and two dwelling
houses in the North Division.
We had engaged before tho fire to make loans to
three different persons, aggregating ten thousand and
flvo hundred dollars, for building purposes. The par
ties called subsequently to the tire and left it optional
with ns to make the loans or net, and wo have in all
of them decided not to vary from tho position taken be*
fore tho lire, and have paid over the money,
.We congratulate the German Savings Bank on tho
unreserved conddenro it enjoys with Its customers.
■W© know of no precedent in the history of savings
hanks anywhere that equals tho success of tho insti
tution, having commenced business August L 1870,
less than sixteen months ago, It has now after tuo flro
over 3,000 books Issued, aggregating a net balance in
bank of nearly two-thirds of a million of dollars.
Respectfully,
HENRY OREEKEBAUM, President.
A. WISE, Candor,
SAWS OF
mmi mill;
No. 562 Wabash-av.
Established in 1854,
Continue to transact a
general Banking Busi
ness, and ready to ac
commodate the public
as heretofore.
LAZARUS SILVERMAN.
The Commercial
LOAN COMPART
Has purchased, since tho great flro, tho stone-front
building, 12S ARCHER-AV., Junction Twenty-second,
st, and have resumed business as usual in said build
lug. A flratpdaas fire-proof vault is completed. The
patrons of the Bank can deposit valuable papers or
articles in said vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. Will transact a
savings as well as a general banking business, sell
bills of exchange on New York, and the principal cities
of Europe.
The Commercial Loan Co. haaalso secured a twenty
years lease of thenorthwest corner of North Clark and
Michlgan-ate. A fire-proof building and vault is now
being built on said lot, and we expoct to resume our
North Bide business about the first day of January
next.
FRED. MEYER, Cashier.
TOLMAN WHEELER, President.
TRUSTEES—M. D. Buchanan, Conrad Oebske,
Tolman Wheeler, C. Kann, Wm. Knoke, Wjn. A.
Ewing, Bacon wheeler, c. B. Meyer, Thomas Buchan
nan. Jr., Fred. Meyer, O. Cronkhlto.
Chicago, Nov. 20,istl
lit, mm it
BANKERS,
kaSokio BtrnjHHo,
Corner of Halsted and Bandolph-sts>,
Branch Office, 493 Wabash-av.,
Transact a regular banking business
same as State or National Bank.
Also deal in Government Securities,
convert the *62 5-20s due Dec. I.
Draw Cold Bills of Exchange on New
York, and Starling Bills direct on Lon
don. __
On Friday, November 24,1871,
Commercial National
BANK OF CHICAGO,
Will oecnpy Its new office on
Washlngton-st., between State and
Dearborn-sts., adjoining the First
National Bank of Chicago,
H. F. EASEES, President.
K. D. BUCHANAN, Cashier.
MISCELLANEOUS.
APPLY TO
GMcapßfiM afilAid Society,
AT STANDARD HALL,
For Information as to Letters of Inquiry for
the following persons:
WUVL FRANK WHTTCOMBE, formerly with MMara
Hold. Murdoch Maher is anxiously Inquiredafter bv
his mother, airs. Eliza Whitcombe, of 62 Talbot-road,
Bayawater. London W., England.
JOHN O’BRIEN, a turner by trade, U inquired after
by William J. Porter, of Peterson. N, J.
JOHN JONES, formerly at F. D. Cbapiplin’s, 730
West Lake-at, inquired after by his mother through
Mr. Edward Woodall, of the Advertiser, at Oswestry,
MARSHALL, with Hamlin, Hale
Co., is Inquired after by Ida sister. Miss Emma alar
shall. Cleveland villas, .London-read, Lower Clapton,
L MABb^^T BRENNAN. who lived at 170 State
st., and was a sewing-machine operator, is Inqmred
after by her aged parents, through C. C. Fisher, icto
ry. hlason County, Mich.
Annie H. Smith Is anxious to hear from her brother,
CHARLES W. SMITH. T
Mrs. MARY HIOGINB, who lived ou North La-
Salle-at,, mid her two children, who were boarding at
St. Joseph's Academy with the Sisters, are inquired
after by T. F. Donnelly, of Locknort, N.
MISS BRIDGET SULLIVAN, formerly living at
No. 92 Desplaines-at., la anxiously inquired otter by
her brother, M. J. Sollivan. Hearts Content Station,
of Malahide, Ireland, makes
earnest inquiry for his son, who used to live at 423
and JANE BECKER are In
quired after by John C. Seamen, of Gardiner, Ulster
BLATCHPGRD, formerly ol 26 West Van
Buren-sL. Is inquired after by his mother, through the
Rev. w. H. AiTin, curate of Christ Church, Plymouth,
England.
TO TBS PUBLIC.
STANDARD HALL, Nov. 21,1371.
I particularly request that all persona who feel that
they have been treated with incivility, rudeness, or
neglect by any visitor, cleric, or other porsomconnoct
ed with any District Office of the Chicago Belief and
•Aid Society, will at once report tho facte to the Supor
intendent of the District, stating to him the offence
and pointing out the offender.
Unlean tuts is done it wiU be impossible to correct
evils and abuses, which the officers of the society are
as anxious to correct as any one in the community
be. O. C. GIBBS,
General Superintendent.
RUPTURE.
■Dr. B. N. MARSH’S Patent Radical Cure Truss
cutes rupture. Can refer to over 500 hundred cases in
and around Chicago that we have cured. These and
all kinds of Trusses, supporters, Shoulder Braces,
Elastic Stockings, apparatus for Bow Logs, club Feet,
Weak Ankles, spinal Curvature, and all other physical
deformities, made and accurately applied at Dio Raul
cal Care Trasss office of MARSH «fc BOWLES,
Southwest corner State and Elghteenth-ata.
ARTISTIC RUINS.
THE FIXEST TIEWS OF TOE RCIXS
Published, on Wide or Artistic
Mounts taken by Barnard, and published and for
solo, wholesale and retail, by LOVEJOY FOSTER,
309 West Randolphs!., Ctucago.
Sent by moil on receipt of price, 84.00 per dozen.
Cabkict Photographs from same negatives at same
price.
The Stewart Fund for the Relief of
Women and Children.
The Committee appointed by Mr. A. T. Stewart to
supervise the expenditure of his donation have de
cided to have the fund expended by the Chicago Aid
and Relief Society, though such agencies as may be
decided npon by the committee. Applications of
benevolent societies, or individuals for the relief of
destitute women and children may be made by letter,
or In person, to N. 8. BOUTON, at Standard Hall,
comer Michlganav. and Thirteenth-st. Office hoars
from lto3 p. m., dally. Persona regularly receiving
aid from Relief Societies need not apply.
To Architects, Builders.
AND CONTRACTORS.
BENIER’S CARTON PIERRE.
The best substitute for plaster decorations in new
buildings; light, durable, economical and rapidly ex*
exemed. Messrs. BONE TAYLOR, sole agents for
Great Britain, are prepared to famish designs and es
timates for complete execution of the above in all
styles of architecture, ceiling decorations, cornices,
capitals, all mouldings and ornamentations to pahlta
bandings, mansions, and private residences, execu
ted in tiiia desirable material, and in the most artlstio
manner. Address Messrs. BONE <k TAYLOR, 7
Dowgato Hill, Cannon-st. London, England.
Bridges, Roofs, &c.,
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs or
bridges at abort notice. _
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., UetrolL Mich.
Notice to GisarMßnafaetorers.
just received, 50 cases of Connecticut Leaf, all wrap
pers, A l quality, at low figures. Consider year own
&tt«BtlKlowsntcl^tag_6towhe«. TEi _
89 West Maulaen-st.
TO BANKERS
And others. "Why doire fdn build bank vaults, Ac., ol
FIRS BRICK!
ROBINSON A SON.. 215 East Madlson-st.
NOTICE.
Having concluded to discontinue the branch of onr
house heretofore located in the city of Chicago, the
power of attorney Riven by Perkins, Stern «fc Co.,
abont May, 1808, to Beniamin Brace Jr.,to sign checks
and do other business for us In said city of Chicago, Is
hereby revoked. PERKINS STERN.
Chicago, Nov. 20,1571.
The Merchants Despatch Transportation Co.,
is now prepared to receive freight, at New York, Bos
ton, Albany, and other Eastern points, for transporta
tion in through cars to Chicago, and all points West.
With facilities same as before the Are, patrons can
rely on quick delivery of property shipped by this
line.
Depot* foot of Wnter-st. Office St Alnrkot-it.
J. L. tbumbull.
Western General Agent.
BURNT PAPER.
VfTritingßerfectly Restored.
Tho writing on papers badly charred, in fact so
much so that great care had to bo taken to prevent
them from falling to pieces, have been perfectly re
stored by using our
INK DEVELOPER.
More than fifty different firms hare already used It
with perfect success in copying their books and papers.
Call at our office. Union Park, corner Mndison-st.
J. MORRIS CO.
SHOW CARDS.
93 WEST BANDOEPH-ST.
BATE
84 DKABBORN-ST.
TO RAPPING PAPER,
PAPER BAGS, TWINE, etc., at
B PETTIBONE’S,
86 West Madison-st. cash paid for old newspapers,
hooks, pamphlets, «£c.
dtaag Vatcbes and Jevelrr
At wholesale.
iiaMowlm Office.
formerly corner Clark and Madison-ats. All pledges
not redeemed by tho Ist of December will be sold.
A. LIPMAN. 614 Mlohigan-av.
RUINS OF CHICAGO.
The best and most varied assortment of VIEWS 09
THE RUINS to be found In the city, wholesale and re
tail. Stereoscopic, 12.50 per doz.; Cabinets. $4 per doa.;
Cards, thSO per doz.; 11x14, (h25 each. Beat pyfmaH,
postpaid, on receipt of price. LOVEJOY «fi POSTER.
308 west Randolph-at., Chicago.
ois BOOKS.
The highest cash price paid for old Books and Li
braries. Call or address the cheap Book Store.
CHAPIN «fc 00.. 562 Wabaah-av.
WASTED.
WANTED,
AT o*ZZjb
®'icklaytrs at SS.SO, and labor
ers at 82.50, on ttae corner ofWa
bash-av. and Peck-court.
tmcK zcmnEBMAW.
MACHJNERY.
C. G. COOPER 00.,
Office 10 and 12 West Randelph-st.,
KaaufeetuT® Stationary and Portable Ea*
of allaizeo, Circular Saw HOI*, and
Plouring Mi2l2tatitin6i>j
Bond for illnatrated circular. _.
GENERAL NOTICES*
FOR THANKSGIVING.
Oneida Community Canned Frnit; Elgin Packing
Company’s Conned Fruit; Elgin Condensed Milk. ami
a foil assortment of choice groceries, at 90 THIRD*
AV„neapHanlsoD.Bt.
W. S. LAHMAN.
notice
is hereby riven that I have withdrawn from tho firm
ot W. I*. Ely A Co., commission merchants, 47 Jiorth
jeffereon-Rt., and will not ho responsible Xw any dehu
contracted hr the firm after this date.
ChlcagoT Eov. 22.1371. D. COPELAND.
NOTICE.
The creditors of Sfatauail I*. Stone, lata Bank&v
will meet at the Sherman House Monday next, at 2 p.
in. GEORGE H. STONE. Cleveland.
SCALES.
f?p FA im££* s
vP SCALES,
or au sixm.
vM»miaaa Fairbanks, Sreenteaf 4 Co.
SSHP* U BOCta CAS4MI.
TROY, Yew York,
ST. LOUIS, Missouri,
PORTLAND, Maine,
CHICAGO,
CONSERVATISM, LARGE CAPITAL, EXTENDED BUSI
NESS, and ADEQUATE RATES, must all be united in
the Insurance Companies mat safely pass
through, such, fires as these.
PHMIXINHAKCIEOMPANT,
OF BROOKLM, Vi, Y.
Cash Capital, $1,000,000
Cask Assets, after all Chicago Losses are paid, $1,500,001)
ZHCOB.FORATEB 1853.
Losses paid in past 18 years,- $7,000,000.
112 Losses, amounting to $267,520, have been paid to Chicago
claimants up to Nov. 25.
Persons desiring to insure in a reliable Company which- has
stood the test,” are referred to any of the parties we have paid
losses to in the Qreat Fire or during 18 years past, as to our
method of doing business, and are invited to bring their appli
cations THEMSELVE 3 to
SO West Madison-st., or 356 Wabash-av.
B. S. CRITCHEIX, Agent,
I. L. WAYNE SON,
NO. 14 NORTH CANAL-ST.,
(Lata 190 LatML,) Lave a lon line of
Cabinet, Builders’ and General
HARDWARE,
Upholsterers’ Goods Undertakers’
Trimmings,
Thanking triends for past patronage, wa*sk a con*
tinuance of the same.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TTLEB, No. 360 Stue-st.
SWEET, BEMPSTER Ul
WHOLESALE
EATS, CAPS, FURS,
Would respectfully announce to
their customers, and the trade
generally, that their bnyeris now
In the Eastern markets for the
second time since the fire, and
that they are receiving a splendid
line of HATS, CAPS, FURS, and
ROBES of all kinds, suitable for
first-class city trade. Call and
see ns at 59 and fit West Wash
ington-st.
SWEET, DEMPSTER CO.
on.« ci--"
iiaeiluj, ouie Depository.
We, the undersigned, having visited the premises.
No. 143 Randolph-81-, directly after tlia tiro of Oot. 9,
take pleasure In certifying that on enterin'? vaults
we found the Interior perfectly cool, and in the very
best preservation:
TnthillKing, Chat lea L. %Vllson,
Edwin Lee Brown, J. W. Scovillo,
Rev. J. Cadwalader, J. H. McCheanoy,
Rev. Dobt Patterson, Geo. A. Ingalls,
Rev. M. VanDoren, Oeo. O. walker,
and very many others, whoso signatures are attached
to the certificate, to bo seen at tho Depository.
Tlio undersigned having bad direct personal charge
and custody of tbo Vaults of the Fidelity from too
commencement of the institution, testifies that on the
very next morning after the tcniblo tire be opened
the vault with ease, finding so perceptible increase of
heat within, no gloss tnrxusliod. no paper scorched no
wax melted, and that all tho millions there deposited
were promptly delivered by him to tho depositors.
Since then the safes have bees rented ana used bv
largely increased numbers, including heavy bonks and
other corporations,land tbe|undersigne<l, having leased
tho vaults from Tho*. B. Bryan. will exercise the
same vigilance in tho future as in the past, increasing
the day and night watch, and availing himself of tho
aid and counsel of ifr. Bryan, who, when in the city,
will always bo found at Ms oflico in the Fidelity Sale
Depoaitry— giving personal attention to tho other
duties and bureaux connected with the Depository.
Bent of pigeon-hole safes, from sls to £lO per year.
Silver ware, and like deposits, at 1 per cent, on owners'
valuation. _
A. L. STIMSON, Lessee.
N. J. HOWE.
Agent.
Bureaux of Executorships and Chicago
Investments.
"Whilst the undersigned uniformly declines re
ceiving deposits subject to call, as at the banks, he
will receive moneys for investments in loans and in
Chicago real estate, making his twenty years* experi
ence available to Ms clients. In nolnstanco will he un
dertake selling property on commission, his interests
being identified entirely with those ol the capitalist
and purchaser.
THOS. B. BRYAN,
Fidelity Safe Depository. Chicago.
FINANCIAL.
fie Joliet tiilW Co.
Will sell at public auction for account of
FIEIxU, KING CO.,
To tho highest bidder for cash, on Tuesday, Decem
ber a. 1871, at ii o’clock a. m-, at tho office of the Third
National Book, Chicago. No. 376 Wabash-av,, forty
thousand dollars of tho first mortgage bonds ot the
Chicago, Danville A Vincennes Railroad Company.
JOLIET IRON A STEEL CO.
By J. H. Wbejw, Secretary and Treasury.
W. B. LANGLEY,
83 West Lake-st
MONEY TO LOAN
on collateral security, byE. JACOBS, 23 Qulncy-st,
between State and Poor bom. Office hours, from 9in
the znominjr till 4 in the evening.
MACNEALE URBAN’S.
J. M. TERWHJJGES, Agent,
27 So9th Canal-Bt., and 51 West
TbeM Safes hftvn proved themselves true SaiafliA&»
dew Call at otir offleo and see tho certificates ol merit
frontman? 61 the host firms in the city.
We have It largo lot of Safes on hand, and more to ar*
rive Immediately. If von consider your own interests,
Sa trill call and see ns oefore nnrehasifig any other
id of Safa than those of the above make.
Notice of Copartnership.
Th®finderaigned have this day formed a copartnership
under the firm name of STYLES POWXJ3, for the
transaction of a wholasaio blank hook and stationery
liu£l2?3S In city. J
late of J. 0. Shaw Co., Blank Book Manufacturers,
Kow York.
J. O. POWLIS,
Late firm of Olney Powlis, Stationers. Hew York.2
Chicago, Nov. I, IS7I.
Onr Blank Book Department will bo under tho
supervision of Mr. styles, so long and favorablyknown
to the blank book trade, in connection with Messrs. J.
G. Shaw Co., of New York.
Tho Stationery Department will bo conducted by
Mr. Powlis, for many years connected with the station*
ery trade, recently of tho firm of Olney *fc Powlis, of
Hew York.
I. C. STUBS. J. C. POWLIS,
Corner of Washington amt Sreen-sts.
STYLES POWLIS,
Wholesale Dealers in
Blank Boohs, Stationery, Paper,
GOB. WASHINGTON AND 6REEM-STS.,
Jm C. Styles, late with J. G. Shaw Co. f Blank Book
Manufacturers, Now York.
j. o. powi.is, late firm of Olney «fc Powlis, Station
er*. New York.
nnroijcß.
HARDWARE.
HATS, CAPS AND FURS.
SATE DEPOSITORY.
CHICAGO INVESTMENTS.
SATES.
SAFES!
Lake-st., Chicago, HI,
COPAR’
NOTICES.
Xi. C. STYLES,
CHICAGO. ILL.
BOOTS AHD SHOES.
Bouts id M
DOGGETT.BASSETT HILLS,
HEADQTJABTEB3 AT
522 Wabash-av.,
comer Hannon-coart, are now receiving a new stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cns-
tomers.
C.O.Tliompsoii&Co.,
COMMISSION,
BOOTS AH SHOES,
•234 Michigan-av.,
CORNER OF lIARRISON-ST.
Boots and Shoes.
MCCORMICK CLARK, formerly at 57 South
Clark-et., have reopened at 40 STadison-ak, opposite
Sherman House, and are now prepared to supply their
customers with good goods at low prices.
Boots and Shoes*
j. t, jewstt
tool Stats it.
I- bars opened my business at the above number,
where I have the facilities to meet the wants of my
former patrons, as well as thoso who may favor ms
with a call.
TEAS AND TOBACCO.
mil, GIIIST k (ft,
Monroe-st, corner Wabash-av.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
TEAS, TOBACCO,
Syrups and Spices.
Confining onrselvcs, for the
present, to the sale of these Goods,
we Invite the attention of onr cus
tomers and the trade to the
LARGEST STOCK ever brought
to this market, which we offer on
as favorable terms, and at LOW
ER PRICES than any bonse west
qf the Atlantic cities.
SLEIGH SHOES,
SLEIGH SHOES
36, 3S, 40, and 42-lncli Cast Iron
(CHILLED)
808 SHOES,
for sale cheap, by RHODES BRAD*
LEY, 06 WartoMt.
SEWING MACHINES.
Important Notice.
11l perrons vho held a Hove Kevin; Ma
chine on lease, and psjls; for the same is
month], instalments, and vho formerly re
sided In (be BIfH.TT DISTRICT, are respect
folly requested to call at the Office of The
Hove Sewing Machine Co., 339 S. Batsted-st.,
and ghe Information In reference to tbe
same. Ton are earnestly requested to giro
this your Immediate attention, as ve desire
to ascertain whether the Machine vas saved
or. lost,
THE HOWE 3UCHISE CO.,
339 Strath Halsted-st.
FLAVORING EXTRACTS
DR. PRICE’S
Cream Baking Powder
•Unit Special Flavorings
Are the Great Kitchen Luxuries.
They are net equalled by any of their kind in the
country for their complete purity, and delightful pro
ducts for the table.
WANTED TO RENT.
NOTICE.
TO CAPITALISTS I
A prominent and well established house •will rent
for a term of years
A SUITABLE BUILDING I
South of M onroo, cas tof LaSalle. Building required
to be 150 feet deep, finished on first fioor and base
ment, Bddrees E. B, dt CO., Tribano office.
FOR SAXE.
PITTSBURGH
PLOW FACTORY
FOR SAKE.
»ifca .ideation of Manufacturers Is Invited to the old
a«,i n «*,'Mialicd “Valley Jorge Plow* Works.**
MM.*. pj together with the trade
situated In T »attcms. etc vhii*H fa
ami good will. nuch&CTT,
lerreil for sale for SoQ.OOO. new «rga and profit
able basin ess. ror particulars address a
VALLEY FOBUK PLOW WOB*-?*
No. m Idberty-at.. Pittsburg! l
mni m bmi"
Beat Philadelphia Brants. ApsW to J
T. QTT.T.JBWfcT32B andlß3o%ithßroa£
«t„ Phffldalphla. .-row.-
j. j. Mcgrath,
Importer and Jobber of
Paper Bangings,
Decorations and Window Shades,
Respectfully Informs his friends and tho trails that ha
happened his new warehouse,
581 and 583 State-st., cor. Twelfth,
With a foil and complete new stock, which hs will
offer at factory prices.
Orders respectfully solicited and sUU&ctto* guar
anteed.
1848
1849
1806
isn