6
governmental reports.
Internal Revenue—The Army—The
Nary—Agriculture.
INTERNAL SEVENTHS.
The Acting Commissioner of Internal Rev
enue reports that the aggregate receipts
from all sources of internal revenue (exclu
sive of the direct tax upon lands, and the
duty upon tho circulation and deposits of
Rational Banks), were for the fiscal year end
ing June 30, ISVI, $144,011,170.24. This sum
includes the amounts refunded and allowed
on drawbacks. Drawbacks have been al
lowed on general merchandise amounting
to $22,8*7.97. This amount is larger than
that allowed for tho previous year, on
account of the adjudication of old claims for
drawbacks on cotton goods rendered admis
sible by joint resolution No. 7S, approved
July 14, 1870. There was refunded during
the past fiscal year, for taxes illegally as
sessed and collected. $017,581. This large in
crease over tho year preceding was due to
the adjustment of claims that had been
suspended during former years for more
complete consideration. This class includes
the claim of one of the States, amounting to
$45,806, for taxes collected on dividends
upon stock owned by the Slate. Inis 'nas
the largest claim everallowed by the bureau,
and was referred to tho Attorney General for
his advice.
The Commissioners’ csfim ate of receipts
for the current fiscal year under the present
law is $125,000,000.
SPIRITS.
The number of distilleries (other than
fruit) registered during the last fiscal year
was 1 Ota. The number of fruit distilleries
reci-UTcd was 7,140. Tho number of distil
leries registered was 8,192. Of tho distiller
ics (other than fruit) 517 were operated dur
ing the vear; and of the fruit distilleries
4 007. ‘Tho returns show a total pro
duction iu taxable gallons from ma
terial other than fruit of 51.570,446;
and from fruit, 2.1'>9.733; total year
ly production, 50.776,100 gallons. The
total quantity of spirits in the United States
not internal revenue warehouses May 1,1871,
was 41,185,713 proof gallons, a decrease m
quantity on Market since November I>, 1870,
4.452.550 gallons. The receipts from spirits
for ibe year were $40,281,848. The amount of
tax received on fermented liquors at 8l a
barrel was $7,159,740. The increase over for
mer years is believed to bo due in part, at
least, to the greater attention given to that
fcvhject by the internal revenue ofiicers. This
nttcutioirhasrevealed some defects iu the
law which call for early remedial legislation.
TOBACCO.
The total receipts from tobacco for the
■were $33 575.09T 18, an increase of $2,328,100
over the preceding year. The manufactured
tobacco on which taxes were col
lected was as follows: Chewing to
bacco, snuff. Ac.. class 33 cents,
01,017,80S pounds; smoking tobacco, scraps,
shorts, Ac.. class 10 cents, 30,517,030 pounds.
Atld to this the quantity exported, 10,021,083
pounds, and the excess remaining in ware
houses June 30,1571, over June 30, 18*0, 72,-
377 tiounds, giving a total product for the
year of 105,828,003 pounds. The total number
of cigars, cheroots, Ac., on which taxes
were collected, was 844.357. The steady
and uniform increase from manth to mouth
in the revenues derived from manufactured
tobacco, cigars, Ac.. a since tbe present law
went into operation, by which, the
mode of collecting taxes on these
articles was changed Irom assessment after
removal from the place of manufacture to a
prepavment bv means of suitable stamps be
fore the goods are removed from the place of
manufacture, has fully demonstrated the
superiority of the present system. But not
withstanding the encouraging progress that
Las been made, the Commissioner is forced
to the conclusion ihat during the last liscal
vear much tobacco has escaped taxation
through the refilling of empty stamped pack
ages the second use of stamps; the use of
counterfeit stamps tbe removal of small
quantities from the place of.manufacture
without stamps, and the stamping as class
1G cents” of Tobacco, which, under the law,
should have been stamped at the rate of 32
cents per pound. A uniform rate of tax,
while it would allow every manufacturer
to manipulate his products in his
own way, without restrictions being
placed upon his modes of manufac
turing, would effectually close the door
lo the perpetration of fraud or the evasion
of taxes by improper classifications. His
own opinion is that, with a tax at 24 cents,
taking into account the natural increase of
the revenue as shown by comparison be
tween, the collections of succeeding years,
and with the advantage of some legislation
hereinafter recommended, we shall be able
to keep the collections on tobacco up to
those under the present rates. If, however,
it should be the opinion of Congress that the
3*ield of internal revenue should not bo ma
terially decreased, then, to compensate in
part, to the revenue the expected large loss
Irorothe-expiration of the income tax during
the current fiscal year, and the furtherloss
Irom “Articles and occupations formerly
taxed but now exempt,” a rapidly increasing
item of course, he would advise a consolida
dation of the tobacco tax at 32 cents per
pound.
Much of the fraud above referred to is ef
fected through the instrumentality of ped
lers. He,therefore,recommends that every
person who sells, or oilers to sell manufac
tured tobacco, snuff, or cigars from wagons
in the manner of pedlers, travelling from
place to place, be required to pay a special
rax of $35. $25, or SSO, according as he travels
with one. two, or more horses or mules, and
and to comply with such regulations as may
In- pje*cribed by the Commissioner of Inter
nal Revenue.
For the last three years this office has been
in possession of information that a large and
increasing amount of raw or leaf tobacco, in
portions oi The country, was being sold at re
tail direct I 3* to consumers, without the pay
ment of tax. Evidences of this traffic have,
fiom time to time.beeu furnished byAssessurs
and Collectors, and more especially
by Supervisors, who, in taking
transcripts from the books,
required by law to be kept by leaf dealers,
have* reported that they find scores of pages
of the-.e books where entries were made of
hales from one-half pound to four thousand
each; ami the Commissioner is constantly in
receipt of letters from manufacturers of to
bacco complaining of the injury to their
business arising from such sales, and inform
ing me that in some localities where they
foimeily received frequent and large orders
for manufactured tobacco they now make no
holes. The same parties who used to make
these orders are now ordering instead sup
plies of natural leaf from the wholesale loaf
dealers. Against thi< traffic grown to such
large proportions, so injurious to their busi
ness as manufacturers, and prejudicial to
the interest of the government reve
nue, they ask to be protested. To
this end he recommends that Section 59
of the act of July 20, k(>. be so amended as
to impose a special tax of $5>K) on every per
son who shall make a business of selling raw
or leaf tobacco to persons other than those
who have paid a special tax as leaf dealers
or manufacturers of tobacco, snutl, or ci
gars. or who shall sell leaf tobacco in quanti
ties less 1 ban twenty-live pounds, or who shall
Fell such tobacco directly to consumers, or
for consumption, without its being manufac
tured: and. if this is not deemed siulicient,
lie would further recommend such a tax on
the sales of such dealers, in excess of $5,000
annually, as would be equivalent to the tax
on the same amount and value of manufac
tured tobacco. Such a provision of law will
not only give the required protection to the
manufacturer, who now pays a special tax
for carrying on his business, in addition to a
specific tax on all his products, but it will
also tend to increase revenue from this
source.
There arc now m operation ICexport bonded
warehouses. The totalaiuountstorediuthem
during the fiscal year was 20,379,204 pounds;
quantity withdrawn for exportation, 10.021,-
083: withdrawn for consumption, 11.40J.050.
The figures show that less than half of the
tobacco, Ac., removed in bond from the
manufactories is actually exported from the
eight bonded warehouses established at the
several ports of Philadelphia, Baltimore,
New Orleans, San Francisco, aud Portland,
Oregon, in which were stored during the
year 9,437,257 pounds of manufactured to
bacco, oniv 437.405 pounds during this period
were withdrawn for exportation, while,
8,480,050 pounds were withdrawn for con
sumption on payment of the tax. Nearly
nine-tenths of the tobacco exported from
the country is shipped through the bonded
warehouses at New York and Kichmond, aud
of this a large portion is never stored in the
bonded, warehouses. The shipments arc
made directly from the factories, the goods
being carted by the warehouses aud only
constructively entered therein, though the
owners are charged with a month s storage.
The practical operation of this system of
bonded warehouses hitherto has been to give
loa few, more particuhirly to the proprietors
of the warehouses, the same facilities for
storing tobacco without tlio pre-payment of
Ihe tax, as were given by the former system
of class B bonded warehouses, abolished by
ticl Julv 20, ia;s. It is Mr. Douglass opm
ion. anil, to far as he has .been able to
ascertain, it is the opinion of man
nfacturcis generally, that the present
E\stem of export bonded warehouses
can be entirely abolished to the
interest both of the. government and of man
ufacturers. Under tho present system, all
the tobaecu bonded at m
Miebimitid is exported without even enter
ing the warehouse, and the same is true of
much of tin- tobacco bonded in New York.
By abolishing tho system of warehouses, and
providing for the exportation of manufac
tured tobacco, mull, and cigars, as other
meichandise is exported, allowing a draw
back of the tax paid upon proof of landing
abroad, requiting the tobacco to be load'-d
under the supervision of an Inspector, and
Ihe tax-paid stamps to be destroyed by dd
officer to prev-nt reloading, it is believed a
large portion of the, expenses now incurred
by the manufacturers in exporting their
goods would be s.iwd. The governm -ut
would receive the taxes on all goods
wlien removed from the place of man
ufacture, all jobbers and dealers in
manufactured tobacco would be placed
on the same footing with regard to
the traffic in tax-paid goods, and the special
advantages enjoyed by a few removed, lie
recommends that Congress provide that evi?
deuce of loss at sea satisfactory to the Com
missioner of Internal Uev«*mn» shall have all
the force of a lauding certificate for the pur
poses of drawback. Otlier systems of expor
tation designed to remedy the evils of the
present bonded warehouse system have been
suggested, but they involve the multiplying
of uonds to ,r bo taken in lieu of tax. A mu I-
Implication of such bonds would result in au
increase of losses to the government. The
records of United States courts in many sec
tions of the country are largely occupied by
suits on bonds taken for spirits and refined
petroleum under similar systems to £those
proposed. In a large majority of the cases,
the principals being insolvent generality be
fore the suit was brought, the sureties
Lave cither not been found on original
process, or if found a return of no goods
on the final process has realized to the gov
ernment a total loss of its supposed security.
TUB SEW STAMPS.
Important changes have been made in tho
materials and manner of preparing stamps,
in order to prevent fraudulent issues, coun
terfeits, and re-use. Heretofore nearly all
tho issues of revenue stamps have beou
printed in a single color upon ordinary com
mercial paper, furnished bythoparties doing
the printing. Now tho government provides
a distinctive paper, and permits the printing
of stamps on no other, and requires that all
stamps shall be printed in two or more col
ors. It is well known that tho revenue de
rived from stamps has seriously suffered
through the fraudulent re-uso of stamps,
evil-disposed persons being able, by the
use ot chemicals, to remove the
cancellation marks entirely without in
juring tho appearance of tho stamps. It is
believed that the stamps now being furnish
ed cannot bo thus tampered with, especially
the adhesive tobacco, snuff, and cigar stamps
printed upon chameleon paper. This paper
so effectually changes color upon tho appli
cation of chemical agents to remove the can
cellation marks as to reader restoration to
its original state impossible. A soluble ink
is also used in the preparation of the stamps.
Any acid or alkali of sufficient strength to
remove tho cancellation made would destroy
also that portion of tho stamps which is
printed in the soluble ink. With the excep
tion of the documentary and proprietary
stamps, none are allowed to ho entirely pre
pared by any single establishment.
SEIZURES, SUITS AND COMPROMISES.
The whole number of cases compromised
duringtho year was 730; the amount of tax
accepted $349,795.12; assessed penalty lixed
by law, $20,070.30; specific penalty iu lieu of
lines, penalties, and forfeitures, $248,020.50
total amount received by compromises, SGIS,-
497.95; whole number of suite decided in
favor of the United States, 3,182; against the
United States,4so; amount collected and paid
into Court in suits in personam (including in
dictments), on account of judgments, fines,
etc., $5'.)4,539; amount collected and paid into
court as proceeds of forfeiture, $145,238;
total value of seizures, $915,240.
PROPOSED EXEMPTION’.
Mr. Douglass renews Mr. Delano’s recom
mendation that prepared mustard, sauces,
syrups, jams, and jollies be relieved from tho
stamp duty.
FORFEITED TOBACCO.
There are now in the hands of Collectors
and United Stated Marshals, stored in bond
ed warehouses and elsewhere, considerable
aunntities of condemned, forfeited, and aban
oued tobacco so depreciated in value that it
cannot be sold for enough, to pay charges
and for the necessary stamps. This tobacco
was manufactured under the old law, conse
quently it is unstamped. Under the present
law it cannot be offered for sale without first
being properly stamped, aud there is no pro
vision of law under which the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue can furnish stamps tfor
it. Mr. Douglass earnestly recommends that
Congress authorize the Commissioner, upon
leqnisition of theollicers having custody aud
control of such tobacco, to furnish stamps to
be attached and canceled before the same is
offered for sale.
ACCIDENTAL DESTRUCTION' OF STAMPS,
It frequently happens that tax-paid stamps
are lost from packages of spirits by unavoid
able accident, without fault on the part of
the persons interested, the spirits being thus
exposed to seizure and detention. The pres
ent law makes no provision rcstamping such
packages except on tho repayment of the
tax. Inasmucu as tbe stamp is a device to
protect alike the interests of the government
and the taxpayer, authority should bo given
to complete that protection by restamping.
THE TAX ON' Sllll’-BUILI>ERS.
It was recommended last year by Mr. De
lano that Congress remit all such taxes as-,
sessed on ship-builders under tho fourth
section of the act of March 31,1803, as had
not been collected. No action was taken
upon the subject, and not feeling at liberty
to allow further delay, Mr. Douglass has or
dered their collection.
CLAIMS FOR REFUNDING TAXES.
Mr. Douglass recommends that the Com
missioner be prohibited from considering or
allowing any claim for tho refunding of tax
es alleged to have been illegally collected,
unless such claim be presented within two
years from the time the tax was paid; aud
that all claims be barred in the courts after
six years from the date of the payment of
the tax.
PENALTIES,
Section 44 of the act of July 20.1SGS, should
be amended by making the minimum penal
ties smaller, such penalty now being a line of
SI,OOO, with not less than six months’ impris
onment. The undue severity of this punish-
ment would seem to bo obvious as applied
to offences of carrying on tho bus
iness of a retail or wholesale
liquor dealer, rectifier, or manufacturer
of stills, without having paid tho special
tax, in cases where no intent to defraud ex
ists, the omission arising from ignorance of
the law or oilier circumstances not fraudu
lent, yet constituting no legal excuse. The
practical effect of providing so disproportion
ate a punishment for these offences is to dis
courage complaints, defeat convictions, and
induce suspensions of sentence in many cases
in which some reasonable punishment should
be enforced, as well to vindicate the law as
lo secure future compliance with its require
ments.
Section (53 of the act of July 13,1SGG, page
31 of Compilation of 1807, should be amended
to make it apply to cases arising under any
Internal Revenue act. As it is now it applies
only lo offences under that act of 18GG, aud
the previous act to which it was an amend
ment. The limitation of amount should be
extended from S3OO to SSOO, as contained in
the parallel provisions of the customs laws.
Mr. Douglass renews tho recommendation
of early legislation for tho the final disposi
tion oi all lands which have been acquired
or arc now owned by tho United States un
der the direct tax law.
UNSETTLED ACCOUNTS OF FORMER COLLECT-
The complaint which has heretofore ex
isted of delay in the settlement* of ex-Col
lectors’ accounts has been, it is believed, en
tirely removed by the regulations of this
office now in force. Prior to April, 1870, it
appeared that the accounts of sixty-one ex-
Collectors had been closed, which number,
however has since been increased to 434.
leaving at the present time 230 accounts still
open. ~Of this number 115 have been placed
in the hands of United States attorneys for
suit on the bonds of the delinquent Collect
ors, the residue being in course of adjustment
at this office.
THE AEMY.
The following is an abstract of Secretary
Belknap’s report;
The reorganization of the army required
by the act of July 15,1870, has been accom
plished. The enforcement of that portion
relating to a reduction of commissioned
officers demanded strict investigation of the
records of the military conduct and service
i f supernumerary officers, aud forced upon
the department an unpleasant duty. It is
believed, however, that the decisions finally
reached were fair, impartial, and for the good
of ihe service. In accordance with the same
act the number of enlisted men was on July
1 reduced to 30,000 indifferent soldiers were
discharged, and the standard of recruits was
raised with a view to improving the charac
ter of the rank and file. The staffer general
officers was also reduced to the simple
(juirements of the army in time of peace, and
the line officers thus relieved from detached
dutv were ordered to their regiments, where
thev could be of more benefit to the service.
The total expenditure for tho fiscal year
ending June 30, 18G9, were $80,041,042,70; tho
expenditures for the year ending Juno 30,
IS7O, were $57,055,575.40. which sum includes
$3,007,500 for river and harbor improvements.
The expenditures for the year ending Juno
JB7O, were about $40,000,000, including for
river and harbor improvements $3,945,090.
'J ims during the year 1809-70 the reduction
in expenses of the War Department amouut
d to $22,988,307.30, and during the year 1870-
71 a further reduction of $17,0-55.075.40 was
made. For the next fiscal year, 1871-72, there
is appropriated $30,530,770, including for river
and harbor improvements $4,407,500.
It is with great embarrassment and diffi
culty that the appropriations made at the
last session of Congress—reduced as they
were below the estimates of the department
—can be so economized as to answer f thc
pressing requirements of the service. The
relations of active warfare in Arizona, in
connection with Indian difficulties there, are
such as necessarily require largo expendi
tures, and the causes which have produced
this necessity were not anticipated by Con
gress when tiie appropriations were made.
Desertions during the past few mouths have
largely increased. The reports received at
the department, indicate that the reduction
of the pay of soldiers from sl9 to sl3 per
m<-nth has contributed greatly to this re
sult.
The retired list of the armv is now limited
to 300. The endeavor has oeen to equalize
llu: selections for that list from both the
higher and lower grades of the officers enti
tled to he placed upon it, so that it may not
lie tilled to an unreasonable extent by of
ficers of high rank aud consequently greater
compensation.
Tho number of graves in national ceme
teries is 317.850, including 2,29> added during
1 lie year. The cemeteries cover an area, in
the aggregate, of about 1,800 acres of laud,
acquired at a cost of $170,000.
Tin* corps of engineers during the past year
has been acttVely engaged upon tho wor.es
for ihe defence of our seacoasts, on river and
harbor improvements, and in surveys and re
eomioisssances ami construction of light
houses. With the appropriations granted for
fortifications in onr principal harbors, those
weeks along the Northern Atlantic and I a
eilie coasts have been pushed forward in
their modifications as rapidly as the circum
stances would permit, and already the bat
teries are beginning to assume the character
needed by the requirements of modern war
f;ne. The modifications referred to look to
the strengthening of onr by tho intro-
Auction of heavy earthen batteries for tJu?
largest guns and mortars.
During the fiscal year small arms and ord
nance stores to the amount of $10,000,000 have
been sold, and the entire proceeds, except a
small sum retained to meet expense of pre
paring other stores for sale, have passed into
tho Treasury beyond tho control of this do-
Eartment. The operations at tho arsenals
avc been confined to the manufacture of
supplies required by the troops, to the care
of stores on hand, and to the manufacture of
one or two experimental gun-carriages. It
is hoped that Congress will grant the ap
propriations asked for to carry out tho plans
for tho continuance of tho work at tho great
arsenal of construction for the Mississippi
Valley at Ilock Island. Several kinds of ex
perimental rifles and carbines, as recommend
ed by the St. Lonis board, have been manu
factured at Springfield armory for tho com
parative trial in the field. An inspection of
that armory, not long since, satisfied mo of
the necessity for continuing the appropria
tions for its maintenance and support.
Suflicient information will doubtless ho
derived from tho use of the experimental
arms in the field, to enable a hoard to recom
mend a breech-loading sj'stem for adoption.
The armament of State troops should bo like
that of the national forces, who now use
breech-loading small arms. The reserve of
10,000 arms of that kind now on hand is not
half suflicient to supply tho State upon
quotas now due.
An increase of the annual appropriations
under the law of ISOS, providing for arming
and cquiping the militia is urgently re
quired.
At Fort Whipple, Virginia, instruction has
been given in the meteorological duties and
studies required at tho sigual-statious for
observations and reports of storms through
out tho Uuited States, and in military signal
ing and telegraphy to officers of the army
and navy. By a comprehensive telegraphic
organization each of tho signal stations is in
telegraphic communication with the Signal
Office at Washington, and from each of tliein
daily and nightly weather reports are re
ceived at the department. These reports are
studied, bulletined and charted at the office
of the Chief Signal Officer, and are furnish
ed at the same time to most of the principal
cities and ports of tho country. The deduc
tions from the study of tho reports are in
stantly telegraphed to the press, and
during tho past year there have issued
in this mauncr from tho Chief Signal Office
and the observing stations 50.000 charts. In
the month of October tho display of caution
ary signals, announcing tho probable ap
proach of storms, was commenced for the
lirst time in the Uuited States at twenty
ports upon tho Jakes and Atlantic and GuLE
coasts. These signals are arranged to bo dis
played at any hour of tho day or night upon
the receipt of telegraphic orders from Wash
ington. While the service has been rapidly
organized and pressed to these results, each
step has been taken only when the public
mind seemed to be educated aud prepared
for it, aud tho public necessity demanded it.
The average time of the receipt by telegraph
of the reports aud observations made
simultaneously from all tho stations
throughout the Uuited States has been
forty-live minutes. The average time clap
siugbetween tho moment at which telegrams
were sent to the office at Washington from
the most distant stations to that at which
the deductions are made, published, and is
sued to the press has been ninety minutes.
Of tho deductions published from this office,
CD per cent are, after a careful examination
of the statistics, considered to have been
fully verilied. This percentage, increased
by those regarded as partially verilied will
make an aggregate of DO per cent of average
verifications.
It has been absolutely necessary to retain
about one-sixth of the army in those States
of the South cast of the Mississippi which
were engaged in the war of the rebellion.
Numerous applications for troops to aid in
the enforcement of the laws were received
from United States Marshals, officers of in
ternal revenue, and State officials; urgent
appeals for assistance crowded in from pri
vate citizens, and it soon became
evident that the security of
the people demanded the continued
presence of the regular forces. It is a pain
ful fact, which merits serious consideration,
that in some portions of the South, freedom
of opinion is not tolerated, if that opinion is
expressed in opposition to the doctrines
which originated the late rebellion. Indis
putable evidence establishes the fact, which
is proven, too, by the experience of nume
rous sufferers, that an armed rebellion of
regular organization aud great strength now
exists in parts of those States. The frequent
reports by army officers of perfect reliability,
made after mature observation aud judg
ment, conclusively show that the ramifica
tions of this organized body are extensive
that its system is arranged with great care
and shrewdness; that its persecutions ex
tend in the dark hours of the night,
and in cowardly disguise, to persona of
every age, size, aud condition
who daro to exercise a freedom of
conduct, action, or speech which disagrees
with the political doctrines of these marau
ders. This body of conspirators, constituted
for the purpose of crushing out many of tho
inherent liberties of the defenceless people
of those States, delies tho law, and spurns
the authority of the government; anil so
long as it exists, so long will it be necessary
to aid the civil authorities with the armed
force of the nation in putting down this sec
ond rebellion, aud in bringing tho leaders to
spceclj* punishment.
The intelligence of tho great fire of Octo
ber in Chicago reached the department while
the Uames were in progress, and orders were
at once telegraphed to officers in charge of
arniv depots to forward to that city supplies
for the homeless and destiute. The prompt
ness with which the wishes of tho depart*
inenl wens carried out merits high commen
dation. In a few hours clothing, blankets,
tents, and provisions were on their way to
the stricken city, and this immediate
action i relieved much distress. The
records and property in the building
occupied for headquarters of the Military
Division of the Missouri Kivur were totally
destroyed, but the greater portion of the
most valuable can be duplicated from the
■War Department. .Several companies of
troops were ordered to the city by General
Sheridan, under whose supervision they as
sisted in preserving order during the trying
days which succeeded the coullagration.
The oflicial and personal conduct of General
Sheridan, while entrusted, by common con
sent, with the management of affairs in tho
city, receives the emphatic approval of this
department. Similar issues of supplies of
various kinds were made to the Governor
of Wisconsin, for the relief of the sufferers
in that State, and relief was also afforded
to those in Michigan. Without further ap
plication, Congress will, without doubt, re
cord its sanction of this action.
In the snrvevsof the lakes, operations were
carried on in Lakes Superior, Michigan, St.
Clair, and Champlain, and the progress of
the work in the held and otlico has been
liighlv satisfactory. The geological survey
along the central route of communication
with the Pacific coast has been actively con
tinued, and the publication of the results, al
ready begun, is looked for with much in
terest.
THE NAVY.
The main points of Secretary Robeson’s re
port are as follows:
The navy of the United States now con
sists of ITU ships, of all classes. These are
calculated to earn’, when in commission for
service, 1,390 guns, exclusive of howitzers and
small carronades. Of the whole number.
are sailing ships, and the remainder sido
wheej steamers nr sailing vessels with aux
iliary screws; 53 of them, armed with 001
guns, are in the service, attached to the va
rious fleets and stations us regular cruisers,
despatch boats, hospital, store, receiving,
and practice ships these, with the tugs and
small vessels in use at the various navy
yards and stations, make the force hi com
mission for all the purposes of naval service.
Of the remainder, 0 are nearly ready for sea,
and will join the various squadrons as soon
as their crews can bo enlisted and organized.
Out of 52 monitors only one is now in com
mission, the balance being laid up at various
stations, but principally at League Island,
where, in the fresh water of the Delaware,
their iron bottoms deteriorate with far less
rapidity than in the salt water of the other
stations; 17 arc under repair at the various
yards; 13 are on stocks, never having been
completed and launched; and the balance of
those whoso names are on the list are laid up
in ordinary. Of these last, a very large pro
port ion, including almost all of those built of
unseasoned white oak, arc unfit for use, aud
cannot be repaired with advantage.
During the year the navy has supplied 1C
officers and 220 men for duty in tho Coast.Sur
vev service; has completed the survey of the
Darien aud Tehuantepec routes, has made
extensive surveys and soundings for tele
graph cables, aud, under tho direction of
Congress, fitted out and despatched three
store ships loaded with provisions hytho
charitable people of onr country, for the suf
ferers from the European war, aud has, un
der like direction, sent out a vessel, com
pletely fitted, equipped, aud supplied, to ex
plore the Arctic Ocean “toward tho North
Bole.”
The report of the Tehuantepec surveying
expedition, under command of Captain Shu
feldt, shows that a ship canalacros* the Isth
mus of Tehuantepec is not only practicable,
hut that the obstacles in the way of the ca
nal route arc of the most ordinary nature.
The total length of such a canal will ho one
hundred and seventy-two miles, including
river navigation. It. will require locks to
overcome a height of seven hundred and
thirty-two feet. The Contzacoalcos River,
forming the harbor at the Atlantic side is
well shelteicd, and will require dredging at
only a few points. _
The survey of the Isthmus of Darien, un
der Commander Selfridge, _ shows that the
Airato is navigable for ships of the largest
.size, having a width of 1,500 feet and a depth
nowhere less than 30 foot. The actual
length of the necessary canal is 31 2-10 miles,
the distance from the At.rato River to Cnpica
]hiy, of which 23 miles is a Hut plain, with a
rise of to feet, and no diflicultiea of con
struction. The remaining S miles present
tin? only engineering obstacles. Commander
Scllridpe’s estimates of cost arc based upon
a canal 120 feet wide and 20 feet deep. It is
nroposed to lock np ton summit level of 90feet,
at which point the canal is fed by the Napipi
River w‘lh a volume, at its lowest stage, of
over 500,000 cubic feet tier hour—a quantity
which can be doubled by a feeder three
Secretary again calls attention to the
necessity of developing our most important
navv yards. The commercial nations of
Europe, from their enormous arsenals (ho
THE CHICAGO TiiIBUNE; FHIDAT, DEGEMBEK
says) are able to strike our shores sharply
and suddenly. Our own yards are generally
small in area and very deficient in water
front; developed on no well-considoredplan,
they are imperfectly adapted to the changed
condition of construction and equipment.
Iron-ship building yards are also spoken
of, and Mr. Robeson hopes to be able here
after to present some system to bo matured
'under the deliberations of Congress.
Tho whole expenditure of the Department
and the naval service since the date of tho
last report is $19,265,240.52.
Tho appropriations for the current fiscal
year amount to $20,904,717.25.
The estimates for tho fiscal year ending
June 30,1873, amount to $19,925,507.02. and to
these is added the sum of $507,200 for perma
nent improvements atthosoverai navy yards
and stations.
The subject of the reduction of tho per
sonnel of the navy is Tho whole
number of officers of the three highest grades
of the navy on tho active list is considerably
less now than it was before the war. The
whole number of officers of tho three highest
grades of the navy on tho active list in 1859
■was 535, while on the Ist of Jnly, 1871, the
number of ofiicers on tho active list in the
eight highest grades (including Lieutenants
and those abovethem) was 4SS, or 47 less than
before the war. Notwithstanding this con
dition, tbe Secretary recognizes tho desira
bility of reducing tho military establish
ments of tho country, of every kind, to the
lowest point consistent with the dignity and
safety of tho country and its important in
terests, and with that attitude of good
faith and generosity which becomes a
great government and a prosperous people
toward its‘faithful and devoted servants.
With all these considerations in view, ho is
of the opinion that there are some grades in
our navy now established by law which may
he safely and properly reduced or dispensed
with in time of peace. Tho grades v/f Ad
miral and Vice Admiral, says the Secretary,
should ho allowed a lapse with the lives of
those who now hold them. The grade of
Commodore can ho dispensed with at this
time. Tho number of ofiicers of this grade
is fixed by law at twenty-live. As our navy
is now organized, these officers are not abso
lutely required for any special duty. It is
necessary for tho efficiency of the service,
and for the dignity, inlluouco, and success of
our naval representation abroad, that our
llects on foreign stations shouldhc command
ed by officers of tho rank of Rear Admiral at
least.
The term of cadetship for midshipmen is
proposed to ho increased by law from four
years to six, two of which, at least, shall bo
spent at sen. By this moans, tho number of
ofiicers annually entering tho naval service
will be reduced by oue-tuird.
The total reductions suggested are nearly
SCO iu tbo number of lino ofiicers now author-
ized by law, with au annual saving to tbe
public treasury of near $500,000. This is as
far as reductions can bo carried at this time
without injury or danger.
Commissioner Frederick Watts, in his re
port to Congress on the ■workings of the Ag
ricultural Bureau during the past year, says
that an intimate relation between the agri
cultural colleges and his department would
he of great service to the country. Ho thinks
that the cause of agriculture in the South
ern Slates has not been conducted with that
care, skill ami regard for ultimate results
which hare characterized the operations of
farmers in other States. While their lands
arc constantly devoted to cotton and tobacco
until they have arrived at a state of exhaus
tion, those of the North are continually im
proving hs* rotation of crops, which is abso
lutely essential to the life of the soil itself.
The department intends to aid the Southern
States as much as possible.
The Commissioner also says that the re
port of the Superintendent of the Seed Di
vision. and hiscorrespoudoncewit.il practical
farmers, strongly impress his mind with the
immense benefit which the distribution of
seeds confers upon the country.” The Com
missioner considers the distribution of the
annual reports as an unnecessary expense.
In the division of horticulture, ho considers
that one of the most important items of
special work now engaging the attention of
this division is the collection of facts illus
trating the agricultural status of the Rocky
Mountains ami the Pacific Slope, showing
the progress of settlement and colonization,
the yield and quality of production, the pe
culiarities and profit of agricultural labor,
and the wants and capabilities of that great
continental area.
During the last year the correspondence of
the entomological division has largely in
creased, letters having been received and an
swered concerning injurious insects, birds,
quadrupeds, and other branches of natural
hidroy, and fruits, fibres, and suv.h subjects
as 3w&|# to the museum. Full experiments
havecePttmadc in rearing the silk-worm.
The pfnii of international exchange of seeds
Ims been of great service to the department.
The Colonial Secretary of Jamaica has prom
ised a donation of 3,000 plants of the Chin
chonas, embracing all the valuable varieties.
In regard to the agricultural productions of
the year he Fays: The records of the de
partment attest the value of perfect drainage
ami good culture in warding off dangers from
drought and excessive moisture. Such has
heen the experience of the present year. The
area planted with com was largely increased,
and a larger breadth of wheat was sown.
While the crop o'Lcorn will not equal the
great vield of IS7O, nor that of wheat, the mi
iwrnlielcd cron of there will bo an am
ple supply of both for the wants of this
eonntrv, and tens of millions of bushel*'to
supplement the short crops of Europe. While
tin-product of hay is somewhat less than
usual, its qualify is good, and coarse forage
in all sections and winfc® pasturage in the
South ami distant West air never-failing re
sources. Cotton will bo gathered in smaller
quantitv, and sold at a higher price. Other
crops, ns a whole, promise very nearly aver
age returns.
IMPORTANT CATHOLIC MOVE-
Organization of «lie l-ay Societies for
KflVctire Spiritual Work—The ioun;'
Him’* Chrl»l»OB Union—Wltnt it Aims
to Accomplish.
From the New York Standard, Dee. 1.
Tlio organization of an association of Ro
man Catholics, chiefly composed of the most
respectable voting men in our Catholic com
munity, has been in progress forsomo months
past, and, from all that has been learned re
garding it, promises to become the most ellcc
tive and beneficial outside the regular eccle
siastical orders. It would appear that it was
called into existence by the present peculiar
position of the head of the Catholic Church,
and it is said to bo the American oti
shoot of a European movement which
originated after the Sardinian occupation
of the Papal City. This had m view
the protection of the interests of the Pope,
and the enlistment in his aid of all the ma
terial and moral assistance that Catholic
lavmeii could legitimately and constitution
ally afford him. To further those ends
Catholic Unions” were established in Eng
land Belgium, and elsewhere, bo successful
have they been in enlisting in the service of
the Church the sympathies and active co
operation of lay Catholics, that it \t as do-
UTiniued to promote the organization of a
similar association here. It avas felt that
tlio time avas conic when tho cnthnsiasm
and intelligence of Catholic laymen should
he utilized hy tho Church, and under its di
rection ho employed to further those ends
which Catholics, laymen and ecclesiastics,
ImtU alike, have equally at heart. Iho hrst
circle of tho Catholic Union” founded in
this country was in tho Diocese of Or
leans. The second circle is that of ISow
The specific purposes of this union are sot
forth in tho general constitution,” which
for tho Diocese of Now York received tho sip
proval of tho Archbishop Juno 10, 1871.
They are to “meet consult, aud act mdo
ieneo of Catholic interests; to maintain a
spirit of devotion to tho Holy Father; aud
to unite in unceasing elVbrts lor his deliver
ance from tlio hands of his enemies, and for
tho speedy restoration t-o the plentitndo of
Ills sovereign rights.” The union is to be
composed of annmherof aggregate “circles,”
each circle or branch association being coex
tensive in its held of action with a diocese.
Tho circles are to communicate withacoutral
association. Each circle, consistsof acouneil
of managementanda body of members. ihe
members of the council arc active, consulta
tive, and honorary. Each' circle is to have the
right of “local self-government,” but it is
expected that all the councils will will unite
in forming a “General Assembly. ihe cir
cles of Now York vested its management in
a council of not less than soyeiity-hvo active
members; the hrst council included some of
the most eminent and inllueutial Catholics
of New York and Brooklyn, and tho acces
sions to it are daily becoming. more numer
ous. The lay element predominates, tho ec
clesiastical being represented by the spirit
ual directors. Very Rev. Patrick Francis
Dogly, S. J„ of St. Francis Xavier College,
Sixteenth street, and Very Rev. Thomas F.
Preston, Chancellor of the Arcli Diocese.
The Archbishop also exercises a general su
pervision and the right of disallowing any
proposed expenditure. The annual subscrip
tion of the ordinary members will be $1 and
the councillors sio. With the money sub
scribed it is proposed to aid the lioly fath
cis to forward Catholic interest
bore by difl'umng Catholic litera
ture, advancing the higher educational in
terests, and, perhaps, even going so far as to
found a university of tho highest class. In
view of the misrepresentations of the pur
poses of the Catholic Union abroad—where
it was said the Belgian and English Unions
contemplate crusades and other violent
moans of redressing tho wrongs of the
Papacy—the members of the Catholic Union
of New York disavow all violent policies,
and declare their intention to bo to work by
moral and paciiic agencies They also,
in anticipation of hostile criticism, declare
that their union does not propose to form a
party in American polities, for while too
strong to submit to aggression, they recog
nize the fact that even if it was the policy of
the Catholics to form a separate party here,
it is neither iu their interest nor their power
to do so,
—The London correspondent of the Edinburgh
Scotsman says, in reference to tho ancient and re
cent :y revived rumor concerning Mr. 'Walter, 51.
I*., propiietor of the London Times: “There Is
not anv ti nth whatever in the renewal of the old
story that Mr. Walter, M. P. for Berkshire, is to ha
elevated tothepeeragebytbotitic of Baron Work
ingbam. The peerage has not been offered to Mr.
Walter. He has not asked for it, and I believe he
would not accept it were it offered to him.
AGRICULTURE.
MENT.
DRT GOODS.
J. B SHAY,
WHOLESALE
239, 241, 243 245
WEST MADISOIV-ST.,
Has just received, and have now
in stock,
60 bales low price twilled and plain
Scarlet Flannels.
35 cases brown and bleached Can
ton Flannels, from 11 l-2e upwards.
20 cases Opera Flannels, all grades.
Also, full lines of Frints, Ginghams,
Bleached and Brown Cottons, Denims,
Tickings, Stripes, Checks, Bepellants,
Kentucky Jeans, Cottonades, Table
Damasks and Linens, Shawls, Quilts,
Batts, Laces and Lace Goods (new
styles for Holiday trade), Ladles’,
Children’s and Gents’ Gloves and Mit
tens, Woollen Goods, Wool Yarn and
Zephyrs.
LADIES’. CHILDREN'S and GENTS’
HOSIERY and UNDERWEAR—Having
a large stock of, will sell for the next
80 days at low prices, to close.
NOTIONS—THE BEST STOCK IN
CHICAGO.
1,000 DOZEN NUBIAS, ASSORTED,
FROM $4.00 UPWARDS.
Merchants, in placing their or
ders, would do well to remem
ber that we have the best as
sorted stock in this market, and
consequently they can depend
upon all orders being promptly
filled at our usual low prices.
CHAS. GOSSAGE CO.,
(Successors to Ross ST Gosiage,)
135 237 ’West Madison-st.
Dry Goods.
SEWING MACHINES.
Special Notice.
The tcorld-renowned HOWE
SEWING MACHINES (-E. Howe,
Jr.), have again got into
good working order, and
hare ample facilities lor sup
plying these celebrated ma
chines to the trade of the
Northwest. SPECIAL ATTEN
TION will be given to our CHI
CAGO CITY TRADE, and tve in
vite every person about to
purchase to call and exam
ine the oldest, best, and most
reliable Sewing vTlachine ex
tant. Terms as liberal as
are knotvn to the Trade,
THEHOWEMACHINECO.
J. O. BBTANT, Manager.
lEXERAL OFFICE—No. 5-39 South Dalstcd-st.
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE—No. 529 Wabash-av.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
FLORSHEDK’S
Boots Shoes,
(Formerly H3 Clark-st. and 16 North Clark-st), hare
reopened at
170 West Madison-st. 471 State-st.,
Where they will l>o pleased to scc all their ohl cus-
tomcrs ami many new ones.
0.0. Thompson
COMMISSION,
BOOTS AND SHOES,
234 Michigan-av.,
CORNER OF lIARRISOK-ST.
CANDLE 3.
CHRISTMAS
GAMES!
Pounds, lialf pounds,
4s and 6s, Green, Red,
and White.
ARMSTRONG CO.,
354 State-st.
furniture.
~~WBBBR
FURNITURE CO.,
WAREROOMS,
243 11245 Mil GlaM,
CORNER JACKSON ST.
A large amount of goods
arriving daily.
A. A. FARWELL, Agt.
FLOUR.
PLANT’S EXTRA.’
some retail grocers are
charging exorbitant prices
for “PEAJVT’S EXTRA”
IE OUR, we will hereufter
fill orders, from SM-Jlf-
EJES, at 811, delivered to
any part of the city• Price
to the trade SlO.
A. if. WRIGHT «t CO.,(Exclusive Agents,
Southwest corner Canal ami Lake-sts^_
STATIONEKX,
Smeal,Rebanks&Go.
STATIONERS,
BUNK BOOK MANUFACTURERS AND COM
MERCIAL PRINTERS,
40 E. HAB.IUSOB7-ST.,
Ret. State-Ht and Wabash-av., Chicago.
MISCELLANEOUS
Bridges, Roofs, &c.,
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pro*
larcd to erect wooden, iron, or combination room or
ridges at short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., I)etroit. Mich.
8, 187 L
INSURANCE.
“The First in the Field."
THE HOME
of
Columbus, Ohio.
Cash Capital, $500,000.00
Cast assets, Not. 1,
1871 995,479.12
Liabilities, includ
ingCMcago losses, 353,479.12
Was the first Company to notify policy
holders in Chicago that elaims would be paid
in full.
The losses of the Company by the Chieago
Ore are being adjasted and paid as rapidly
as possible, finsiness solicited at fair rates.
Adjusting Office for Chicago,
No. 17 Eldridge-court
Agents of the Company visiting the city
are requested to call.
JACOB PEETREY, Gen’l Agent.
Geo. C. Clarke Co.,
LOCAL ACCENTS,
10 Eldridge-court.
Solid Fire Insurance.
IMPERIAL
Fire Insurance Co.,
OP LONDON.
ASSETS OVER
$8,000,000
GOLD.
This is the only English Insurance
Company represented in Chicago whose
business is exclusively Fire Insurance.
Property-owners will consult their best
interests by protecting themselves with
Policies in the lIffPERTAXi.
DAVIS REQUA,
AG-ENTS,
Room 2,' No. 43 South Canal-st.,
506 Michigan-av.
/ETNA
Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organised .9. B. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
£29,ooo,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-lnsurancefund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue Issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
Win i PASCO, 18,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 Sooth Caoal-it.,
AUJußtlng Office: 750 Wabasb-avn
l'p to Saturday, iVorciabcr 18, 1871. 1,291
clafnid had been paid, amounting to $2,327,-
OCC.OO.
€lobc Ins. Company,
or CHICAGO.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
ROOM 1, NO. 63 CANAL-ST.
H. F. WALKER, President.
ilium imimcomi.
An adjourned meeting of tlio policv-holders In tlila
company will bo held at the olllco of Janies Baxter
Co., 25 Konth Canal st., on FRIDAY, the Bth Inst, at 4
o’clock p. m., to receive tho report of their committee,
appointed to Investigate tho affairs of said company.
All policy-holders who wish to co-opcratp In an effort
to secure a larger per cent than now offered are re
ouesteC to call at the above-named place and register
tuelr Dames uni amount ol yollctes. Sw rctary-
NORWICH
Fire Insurance Comp’y.
Parties having claims against tho Norwich Fire In
snrance Company can have tlio same adjusted, and
such as desire can receive their pro rata share of tho
assets of said company by applying to tho amhir
hiem d. who may be found at the oflico of Higgins.
Swell Quigg, 37U Wahash-av., up-stairs, for a few
aaysrrom dpte Imrcof. WATTLES Sec y
OCCIDENTAL INSURANCE CO.
The following telegram was received at tho Agency
Oflicc (d the occidental Insurance Companj in tms
city to day:
Sax Fuancisco, Dec. 5, IS. 1.
A. Cl. Stiles, Esq., care A. C. Gaeeucbaum, No. 40 West
llaudolph-st.:
Doing no business; entire assessment delinquent to
dav° Sobmly pajm; Won’t do so; without doubt will
liaVe to IlauUtal ActlnK Pre3illont
B. ROTIISHILD, Secretary.
EQUITABLE INSURANCE CO.,
CHICAGO.
All parties that suffered loss aud insured in this com
pam are requested to present their proofs of loss as
sooii as possible. Parties holding policies who did not
MitVcr loss are requested to present the same for can
cellation JAJdES LONG, Deceiver.
Doom 1, lo bouth Caual-at.
REFlilillt UNMIK ID.
Four, eight, and twelve-mouth adjustment] certifi
cates. Will pay highest cash price for one or aIL
D. K. TENNEY. 4>4 Wahash-av.
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan.l, 1872, for the better accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
wo will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner MicUigan-av. and Harri
son-st., up stairs.
fsos. rBARB'sr soars.
iy FACTORY —I. fl. p and
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
CUNARD UNI!
Steam between New York, Boston,
Liverpool, Queenstown, Glas
gow, Londonderry,
THREE SAILINGS EVERY WEEK.
Passengers booked to and from German and Hcandi
navian ports, ami ail parts of Kuropo at lowest rates.
Sight limits from £1 upwanl. Through bills of lad
ing for merchandise, to and fmm Europe, Issneti m
connection*ith Lako Shore Michigan douthera
Railroad.
P. H. DB TEESET, General Western Agent,
STO Stnte-st., Cliicn-go-
•weather strips,
BROWN’S DOUBLE RUBBER
WEATHER STRIPS.
BOSLEY CO., 117 West Washington-st.
BANKING.
BANK NOTICE.
Tbs ComercM Moral Bat
(National No 713. Established 1505.)
TTAH REMOVED
To its centrally located now temporary building on
The Crosby Opera House Lot,
Washlngton-st., between Dearborn and State-sta.,
burnt district, a location which it is believed will Da
equally convenient tor customers in all parts of the
city, by reason of the street car and omnibus lines cea
tering from all directions.
This institution transact s a regular banking business,
buys and sells exchange, makes collections, issues cer
tlncates of deposits, discounts commercial paper, ad
vances on convertible collaterals, ami accepts deposit
accounts from business firms, individuals, corpora
tlons. institutions, banks, and bankers of known good
standing, and aflonls patrons liberal faculties k and
legitimate accommodations, but does not solicit inter
est bearing accounts.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.
H. W. King, E. F. Pulai H. H. Taylor,
Albert Keep, A. Cowles, S. W. Rawson,
E, B. Phillips, 11. Z. Cslver P. B.
Bacon Wheeler, N. O. Williams, W. H. Ferry,
H. T. Eames.
IT. P. EAMES, President.
W. H. FERRY, Vico President,
M. D. BUCHANAN, Cashier.
GEO L. OTIS, Asst. Cashier.
The Commercial
LOAN COMPANY
Has purchased, since the great fire, the stone-front
building, 126 ARCHER-AV., Junction Twenty-second
st., and have resumed business os usual in said build
ing. A first-class fire-proof vault is completed. -The
patrons of the Bank can deposit valuable papers or*
articles in said vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as well as a general banking business, sell
bills of exchange on Now York, and the principal cities
of Europe.
Tho Commercial Loon Co. baaalsosecured a twenty
years lease of the northwest corner ofNorth Clark and
Mlchigan-sts. A fire-proof building and vanlt Is now
being built on said lot, and we expect to resume our
North Side business about the first day of January
next.
FRED. METER, Cashier.
TQLMAN WHEEIiER, President.
TRUSTEES—M. D. Buchanan, Conrad Gehrke,
Toliuan Wheeler, C. Konn, Wm. Knoko, Wm. A.
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler, C. B. Meyer, Thomas Buchan*
nan, Jr., Fred. Meyer, O. Crohkhlte.
Chicago. Nov. 20. isn.
in psiToi ms,
BANKERS,
MASONIC BULLDING,
Corner of Ilalsted and Randoiph-sts.,
Branch Office, 493 Wabash-av.,
Transact a reeular banking business
same as State or National Bank.
Also deal in Government Securities,
convert the ’62-5-20S due Dec. I.
Draw Cold Bills of Exchange on New
York, and Sterling Bills direct on Lon
don.
Real Estate Loan and
Trust Co.
SAVINGS BANK
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE,
685 Wabasli-ay.
WEST SIDE OFFICE,
121 WEST WASHINGTON-ST.
BEJLT. LOMBARD, Presiden
8. A. BBIGGS, Vice President.
Dry Goods Bank.
CAPITAL, 81,000,000.
386 Broadway, NEW YORK.
DIRECTORS.
Jarvis Blade.
Thomas P. Elflridge, Eldrldge, Dunham «fe 00.
Samuel B. Dana, Upham, Tucker «fc
Cornelius N. Bliss, John S. «fe Eben Wright <fc Co.
M. F. Hunt, Spaulding. Hunt «fe Co.
Walter H. Lewis, Lewis Brothers Co,
Edward M. Townsend Townsend «fe Yale.
Jatttb Wendell, J. C. Howe <fc Co.
S. S. Fisher,
James 'Emott, Emot, Hammond «t Pomeroy, (Counsel.)
Hewlett Scudder, Jones, Underhill Scudder.
George F. Vietor, F. Victor «fc Achella.
Bryce Gray, James P. White «t Co.
Edward E Poor. _• Denny. Poor Co.
Chas. o. Shaw, Shaw, Barbour Co. (of Cincinnati-)
Henry Almy, Alray&Co.
Wm. Post, Wliittemore, Peet, Post «fc Co.
Jesso Sellgman, ♦J.& W. Seligman Co.
William P. Bvlntnall,
Accounts of Banks, Bankers, Merchants, Manufao-
Inters and dealers generally throughout the country
aro solicited. Collections made on very reasonable
teims. Interest allowed on Ranks and Bankers* bal*
ances. p. BP.INTNALL, President
CHARLES E. BOGEHT. Caahler.
HOTICS.
The annual meeting' of the tetoekholdcrs
of the FIFTH A'ATIO.h'AI, B.LTK
OF CHICAGO, for the election of Di
rector! for the ensuing year, tcill be held
at the Office of said Bank in Chicago on
Tuesday, January O t 1573, between the
hours of 3 and 5 p- im.
ISAAC G. IjO.HBABD Cashier.
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
LOCATED
Corner Clark and Polk-sts,
Containing ISO Booms. The Largest and
Best Famished Hotel in the West.
0.1. LOBIX6, late HaHeson Home,
WILLIS BOWE, Late St. Jamci Hotel,
Will tie pleased to see their old friends. Ask
bosses for the NEW BT. JAMES.
Clifton House,
NORTHWEST CORNER OF
nil m HAifflD-m
W. A. JENKINS, Proprietor.
H. F. KITTBEDGE.
CITY HOTEL,
Corner Sixteenth and State-sts.,
in the NEW ERICK HOTEL, with all
modem improvements, where we have
first-class accommodations for ONE
HUNDRED guests.
J. W. TOWNS, Proprietor,
GEO. S. PALMER, Clerk.
n ;TKOPOLITAiI HOTEL, Washington, D. C.
Bcfnraished throughout. Passenger Elevator in
troduced.
J. F. CAKE, Proprietor,
(Also of Congress Hall, Cape May, N. J.)
SPECTACLES.
MONEY CANNOT BUY IT!
For Sight is Priceless!!
But the Diamond Spectacles Will Preserve It
IF YOU VALUE YOUR EYESIGHT
CBS THESE ______
PERFECT EEISTSS*^*
Ground Irom minute crystal P. e i[’|"ovu!' l ouJft
B etlicT, and dorifo tliclr TUer""*
tw Tnsr.co%'-»'*
sew TOitK. ...mped trttli our
CA TJTION.—None genuine
trade mark. t hrougho Qt the Union.
For aalo by responalhleast-u** 1 CO.. 165 Swrc-st.
J. 15. J <or Chicago.
Jewelers and Opticians, axo nnly be obtained- No
Ills. From whom tlier can
Otullara
SCALES.
FA IKBANKS'
/P SCiLIaK S,
iA. or All Sixes*
IMSgs&k Fairbanks, Greenleaf Co,
WZ*msm n booth ciHatai.
OJEHKLY CKtGAGS TRIBUNE.
WEE K(]LY
ttcio fiK
ONE DOLLAR PER YEiL
In Large Clubs.
PROSPECTUS FOR 187;;.
The Weekly ;chicago Tribune, for the year 1572, will
consist of first-class original and selected nat
ter, embracing the latest news by telegraph nn«3
moil, down to the hour of going to press, e<*'
torlnls, correspondence, reports of the vr~
erodings of Congress and of the Leglslat
ibe Western States, and of Important
meetings and political speeches, .financli;
commercial intelligence, reports of the
provision, lumber, dry goods, eattle, or
era! markets, notices of new pabllcatl/
other literary and miscellaneous Intel
It will also contain weekly summaries of lull
concerning the work of
REBUILDING CHIC AG t
And restoring Its former greatness after its _
variation by fire.
The year 1572, it will bo remembered, is a
PRESIDENTIAL YEA
And the campaign will, in all probability, be as
lug os any that has transpired since tho outbc^
the late war. The Chicago Tbhjlne will uphol*
defend the principles of the Republican part'
its accustomed vigor and earnestness. Our
consists of:
Equal and exact Justice,’nt'the ballot-box k*
before the law, to all men, without distinct’**
of race or color*
Amnesty for all political .offences
with the rebellion*
A tariff for public revenue only*
Preservation of the public lands for actual
settlers under the Homcstead.aad Pre-emption
taws*
Opposition to monopolies of every descrip
tion, nnd to corruption In every form.
Snch reform of the civil service no shall moke
men nnd fitness* instead of partisan zeal or per*
sonal favoritism** the .test of preferment to
Federal offices*
Our readers, and the public generally, are so v
acquainted with the tone and quality ol The cil<
Tribune, that we need not enlarge upon that sub,
Rear the close of the 25th year of our existence as a
public journal, we had the misfortune, in common
with a large majority of the business community of
Chicago, to be burned out, losing thereby the most
commodious newspaper building in the United States,
and being deprived, temporarily, of the use of our ex
tensive printing machinery. We have commenced re
building our ruined edifice on on a more enduring plan
than before, and we have effected arrangements for the
use of machinery which practically gives us the same
facllities.that we possessed before the fire. Upon oc
cupation of our new building and machinery Thb
Tribune will be issued as an octavo, and contain eight
pages of reading matter.
The Weekly Tribune win be published regularly
as heretofore each Wednesday upon the following
TER3IS-—Payable In Advance*
WEEKLY:
Single copy, one year 2.00
Five copies, one year. 7.50
Ten copies, one year. 12.00
Twenty copies, one year, and an extra copy; to
getter-up of dob 20.00
Fifty copies, ono year, and a copy of daily one
year to getter-up of club,
TRI-TVEEICLY:
Single copy, one year.
Five copies, one year.
Ten copies, one year..
DAILY:
Single copy, per annum.
SXJTTOAY EDITION s
Single copy, per annum &60
SEiTD FOR POSTER A.TO SAMPLE COPIES
TRIBUNE CO.* Chicago* Til.
pfo publication of above Prospectus will
be acknowledged unless ordered direct
rotn onr office.
DRUGS.
fiILBDT MAIL,
Successors to J. H. Eeed Co.,
M'SSOZ,E SJiJLE
DRUGGISTS,
619 STAS'S-ST.,
are now prepared to fill all or
ders, having received since the
fire a complete stock of all goods
in their line.
HUB TABLE
Arriral and Departure of Trains*
WINTER ARRANGEMENT
Mich. Central Sc Great Western Bailwaji
Depot—Foot of Twenty-seconfl-st. Ticket office,' 71
Canai-aL, comeriladiaon.
Leave. Arrt» .ji
Mall (vlamaln and airline)....—* 603 am S.-OT-it -r
Fast New Tork Express 903 a m 7:47 p m
Jackson Accommodation (dally) 8:58 p m 10:32 a m
At. Ex. (daily) via Air Line... 523 pm 7d7att
Night Express.—........ ..s*9:l3 p m 5&17 am
Genera. Passenger Agent.
Illinois Central.
On and after Nor. 12,1571. and until urther notice,
passenger trains will leave and arrive at Depot, foot of
Twenty-second-st, as follows:
Leave. Arrive.-
St. Louis Express..... 9:3oam 8:58*
St. Louis Fast Line t 7:lopm 7:10
Cairo Mail 9-JOam
Cairo Express —t 7:10 pm 7:10
Keokuk Passenger t 7:10 pm 7UO a.. v
Gilman Passenger *S:A pm 900 a.a 1
Hrde Park ana Oak W00d5......* 625 am 7:35 T. a
1 do do do *1220 pm *9aoat*
ao do do 3dop ra *L3S pm
do do do *525 pm *6.-05 P'S!
do do do Opm 72Spm
*Bandays excepted. tfiaturdaya excepted
Chicago* Rock Island Sc Pacific Railroad* 1
Depot—Comer Van Buren and ShermaiMta.
Ticket office—33 West Madiaon-st.
Pacific Express *10:00 a m 410 dm.
Peru Accommodation-- 420 p m *9:45 a st..
Pacific Expre55..—...........—..*1#:00 p m anr
Leavenworth Express *io;ooam *4:u>pj;-
An elegant parlor sleeping car Is attachedtothelOn.
a. m. train running through to Connell Bluffs acc
Omaha. »it-
Chicago hnd Alton Railroad—Chicago, Alton St
St.Loal* Through Line ami Louisiana*
New Short Route between Chicago and
■an City*
TjsioK depot—West Side, near Madlson-st
Leave, Arrive.
St- Lools Springfield Ex., via _J
Main Line *9JS a m *B.-00 pzt
Kansas City fast Ex via Jackson
ville. 111, and Loualana. M 0..*9:15 a m -x
Wenona, Lacon Washington ■»_
Ex. (Western Division) ~*9:lsam
Joliet Accommodation *4:lopm i o*'
St. Louis Sprinfifield Lightning I
Ex. via Main Line, and also
via Jacksonville Division.... *9rtopm
Kansas City Ex. via HiT-isam"
IlL,ana Lonslana. M0........*W»P“ R _& a J}
•Except Sunday. tOn Sunday I^. P^n p ]Sndar
only. tExcept Saturday. {Daily. HExcept Monday.
Lake Shore Sc Michigan SonlhernJDUlway.
Depot—Corner of Polk
Ticket Office, southwest cor. Madison an
s-giam MOpm
Mail.. m 8:00p o
Special Now York Express _ m a m
Atlantic Express (dally) —.«500 o m *t&3o a m
CbicaeD, BnrIiB*»» canal
Ticket Office In Brigs* "SrSlgr. andSixteeath-st.
leon-sts. Depot cor- of Lmuaiu*-- _ ;3O am 4U5 p m
Mallaad "-*lo:4sam 3dopm
Pacific Fast Line 3:00 pm “fclOpm
Galesburg Pasben^r.^**^ cr 4^o pm 9-A5 a m
Mendota «fc Ottawa paas 5:30 pm 9c30 a m
Aurora fWOpm t 7:45 am
Pacific
Downer’sGrovoACC I:4spm 6:15 pros
Downer’sOroveAcco p m 7;13 a ffi
Downer’s OrornAcgnju** 62Gam 9:05 a a
Saturdays excepted. tMondaj*
flXC r e foi Danville Sc Vincennes Railroad.
C .-Jr-* depot— Corner Canal and Klnxte streets,
Freight Office at C., C. L C. Co.’a
corner ftalsted and CarroU streets.
a Torre ilautoExpress.7:oo a m 3:20 p m
iSvive A ccommodation 5:05 p m 8:50 a m
3Xi>tuco |f|t Northwestern Railway.
Ticket Office-Southeast comer of Clark and Lake
minr/m Pa55enger........,..*.* *B:3oa m *6:45 pm.
ffljfo (a«t Hue .-I£U a m -3:15 p m
pacific night express 19:45 p m 1&30 a m
Fort Dodge and Dubuque
express *9:00 p m *2:80 p S
Sioux City and Dubuque ex.. *9:00 am 7U5 a m
Milwaukee mall *8:00 a m *10:10 a IE
Milwaukee express *9:45 a m *4:00 p m
Milwaukee passenger. *5:00 p m THOpa
Milwaukee passenger (dally). U.-00 p m 6:09 a s
oreenßay express *lo*lo a m *7:15 p m
Green Bay *5:00 p m *MO
tain*** «fTP*»nt»S rtn *Uniwi*T«
Dr. C. Bigelow,
Fonnerlr ol 179 South tTark-ah, corner ol
located fils office at 73 South Halsted-sh, second doc*
from MaiUson-st., where he has a full suite of recepnra.
rooms and parlors for the accommodation
one patients. Call at 73 Halstod-st and see wry'
selves. You will see the same old P°f
have met at 179 South Clark-at., for the number
Address all letters to 78 South llalated-st, P. O- BOX
454. Chicago. lIL
Dr. A. G. Olin,
ington-st.), is now confidentially aUmp
or by maD, at 565 State-flk. Chicago,
lor circular.
saw
.4S-00