6
COUNTY LEGISLATURE.
Special 'Session of the Board of
Supervisors.
Report of the Special Committee
on Abstracts of Titles.
Becosgideration of the Vote Dividing the
Town of Proviso.
Bov the Bonn! Bid Hot ippolat Commit-
mlSßlener Brown's Successor.
MORNING BESSIOJf.
A special meeting of tho Board of Supervisors
was held yesterday morning In tho County Court
roam. In pursuance of a call signed by twenty
two members of Che board- Supervisor Waito oc
cupied the chair.
RECOxatbKniiD.
Supervisor Blnthardt moved the reconsidera
tion of tho vote by which tho board adjourned
until November 29. The motion was agreed to.
TOWN OP GRANT.
Supervisor Stacey moved a reconsideration of
the vote for the division of tho town of Proviso,
and the formation of the town of Grant. He said
he had a list of 177 names of voters protesting
against tho division.
amount of discussion, tho matter
was laid over until the afternoon session.
SWAMP LANDS.
The* County Clerk presented tho following re
port in reference to tho sale of swamp lauds, os
lollows:
TheMttitliwwt ouartorof the soatbcaßt quarter of
Section W, Tow u ■>T, coutamiug4o ncro4. and the oouth.
w<v*t quarter <»f s««cth»n JP, to .*7, <onl.”iiuJng im
artvs. lo John McCaiTcry, at per aia*o. Thommtb
quarter s*>ctbta 29, Town 37, coutalulQK
avivtu Soul to Theodore tiaa filer, at 'i'he
aouthenct tpiurteror Section 7, Town 37, «v)ataiuiuc Ift'»
arnvi. i*» Henrj* Bertraud, of Blue Ishiudavouuo, at
$17.2> ju r m’lv.
Thu report was adopted.
ukstouatios or itr.ronm.
Tho Omimitlec on Uestomtiou of Record* of
TIU«\-»reported as follows:
(iK.vn.rMrx: YourSpedM t’oimuittoo. to wlmm was
tin* rewfiutlou of Supervisor Holland. «u the
l-illi iiiht., tonxecrfiAn and report to (ids boanl at
j rc<‘ the ah-frjrt hwi* of hor« nfi abitract
linn* m tlu* city c:iti be pun hared ter;' mni, tbo
n*M»lntinoHn(' Kuiicnlsors WorUiir.gton aud Water
mao. to np'tit tic fcofabllUy oladojitloga system of
index** iiLtlie keepinge( all Inluror**.7njd% nmU that
w«* prelum* and present to tin* r-cgislatiUi*. ancl if jm**.
sihji*. ohlalii'Hie pjisßagc of a law fixing a n'asonabln
f«a? f*ir n*-rcc«rdl«ff d»vtU and other ln-tronu*utn uju*!!
p:a>l»city. the records of which have boon dcstpwt'xl
by H>«*. had the wikc under ntirUitneat,
leave Mo tviK»rt: That wo have, given all
»b:i* :UJ«niio!i ty the snbjivt jnatU>r-v ,r«>
frrnd t<» r*-: w-o hav.e x;nntm*«l flu* ImuXHbd
110-foPovrlv-p tims, vir. Rwrlull Ht»ard, cnase
ttrctlujx .l»‘UrA«lt* f*olb’Tr. in unltribit wc might bt>*
euxne tlioiam*rtily rntl«liwl In our own ns lo the
expedient «;f ilo*■ nmleitakiug on the part of tho
county, of this, we art* fully a*l*. i**ctl. \vc. find that
r- t!.c Ihi 1 nil set* ,d btiok*, the most pcrKvilr
kcptA;b.str.->cl rccnnls, tho parties have ;d--n ;t!xmi iwu
hundn-d thciusind finals o£ copion of full ah.
*lr;« t* siml«.ib«*r Ys*lna*'le evfdcnrrs of title, which
should nil go with Use books*, nhoald t:.o rr.nuty make
m» !i j.un*l;j;M‘,tnr w<- doeu: it «*se!jtial that tho'county
shotthi to.t only tho best pv*-s?ih‘ reer»p«M of ov.
iileucc of title, hut sdmitM have nil such as i‘. -n be oh
taim-d. V.'e are in favor of this purchase hr the coun
ty ter thi* rest-on, that Bo B** bW‘k** and copies, tU' v«r
re»-Jinv«» of n Isrgo portion of which
con ho .substantiated by the oatliol l espnaslble par
ties- contain the bc.-t, ;uul. in fart, nil the record w ov.
Jdcn»«*«.r tith* to |.mpi-rjy JntbokCosmtr, and they
have. always hec-n nccoi.nltsl "evidenceof print* fact*
iftJe. Wcasvjibo Unnly of the c*»ijvjoUon th *t, iti:w
in:i< the county the earn ami control of
the public rcrovd.- throash ite and sijtlisr.Hj
ilio**e jeeoj.j l<» dcstnsywt. ii is la duly bound on
trine" ph t.f ispdj* t*. ifsj.u*** tlr.in so far as it isnos-si-
Lie, soul.hi the ekorn-.d psesfid-i liau*. .Slmuld lids
I" r.h; lo> made, eur eotnuiltirn fal] t set* tho no
in'civ-fiiy *1 v i-pi eiul Ivgb'iatl m. ex.-i-jil to const)-
hl* tfien a? verl'ii ij o<,*ne:t truiu them.
:.s r« mi imi evidence of title, a w\ to
l-io. ido for their «.*.!eke; pir»*r ;;t:d con f roj
'tie. jiUe at xvhioti Co bifok;:, c«inins of nh.-tra«U,
msipv, etc., ».f and roi».e throe firm''of
S’ t»rta*l .t Ilonnl. t'JwtM* Brother, an l done., .Sellers
v*u Ih* putvi;as» d tor. Uwa follows, to-w It; Take o’je
yearV net int(*:ue by tin .r. crave cf ll;e hod tim e
years of tl.e.r M!-h.o.**'*>:iid caj-itali.e »hN cum at U per
*vul iuleioht, and the *nra total Is the price a*ko:l. \Ve
deem this a ys.fi- piopo.-iii.ia, otw.n tie.* has)* ol jirc*eut
vrlos.t n, l;?t! c*. e’l illvJV.o. eJncehythe eale
t« niplaied, IJ*C hu»-iue.-'-*oi liielim e finns? l.s destroyed.
We noulti, thetclf.re, ivt oiuuicml the purchase upon
U" I the to be pall Jjj C<*ok t7<ni»ly
Mx p-rmtj. lomK'iutireat paiahh* renii-annuafii',
juincipnl payal'ie in twc.ity yc.-ir*. lathe matter nf
rvi fc r»r \Vf.rih|nctt(*.'o resolution, your «omniiM*-o
deemlt*-f t.hr- htehe.-t IlnportJUiCe toeverv pnipeily
utvmr In Cook Conutv tly»t the Vv.-,tem of
tuih-\es for faluro tocorsM ehuli he
nd/ipi»*»7 hy Ihr Count;* JN-eorrleT. nnd We
.v» recomineiuL In the matter of Supervisor Water
n»;suV :e.-.dui;on. we would reyonimead that. In case
«1 tlieptirdiHiteof the abstract te,i»ka. cophu of ah.
Htnu-.t*. mapw. etc., as hmiiihp:«n! that
the Chairman of this br-md be authorized C» c-rise to
he prepared, at the ex|H>tne of the county, a hill fora
law. iusU urge it» pass;*«c h» the i.egishiture, dciariug
nil *ue/t ah-trju ts r.r veiitlotl Copies Uierefrom Is e\*l
deuce of title, and ter tho appointment by tho Gover
nor, bv j.ml with the advice mi-j concurrence nl the
Ihesidi-ntof the iituird of Countv Commissioners of
Ook Comity and the Mayor «if the city of Chicago, of
a custodian of public records) °f Cook bmiiitvaJ- fta
roiutble j-atary, to t»o detonnlue.l by law. who shall
nave excited ve roatr.dot tho Abstract h.ouks and other
evidouees of title as hereinlore mentioned, said an
pointim nt t<» he for life, or until resignation, milv re
niovuhh* for cause also to provide (5u said bill) fora
suitable reduction of fees for n-curdiug detxls an«l other
evidences of title to property, the records of wfficli
have been do*»troyt«l hy tin*.
Tbo report gave visa te.R long discussmu. at. th»
t xpiiation ct which if was laid over imloilnitely.
'i he board then adjourned till u o’clock.
APTunyoo-v Knssinv.
The l»oard fame to order again at 2 o'eloelc.
OEO*-h' «-TATtri:s,
Supervisor King moved the Adoption o' a reso
lution providing that when tlio Treasurer should
receive the anm nf yii" belonging to <’m>k County,
U should lit? appropriated lor the purpose of pay
ing for m> copies of Gross* Statutes, revised edi
tion of IS7I. Passed.
riiii rnovtso division’.
The hour having arrived for the special order
of business, tin* motion to reconsider the vote by
which the town of Proviso was divided.
A motion was made to Lay the motion the table,
which -4SVS Jest.
Supervisor Humphrey wanted to know the ro.v
sun why some of the bovnt now wanted to rocoa
eid« r the motion. Ho i-ouldn’t see any way.
A vote was tala a. iv.-nUing, yeas, 27; nays, 12—
as follows:
ms—Albeit. A humdinger, Rlnthanlt, Caskey. Rob
ert Clark. Coleman, Dixon, Pmnions. Gaeo. Orar.
lijifim; llarili, jion*r, Kcodi. Klng.McCaflruy. O’l’ou
nelt, pahlimm, Fierce, Bandars, Seluiwli, behnUz.
Blary. Stephens, Waterman.' Wurthtnsteu, Wright
-Vim*—Rehianrtcr. P. W. Clark. (%*nkv. Had". Himn
thcr. lianas Humphrey, Itott, MalihnliU. Ohlomli.rf.
KuasclL Subwccn, 'J eseU— l2.
Suimrvisor IfJug moved to lay the report on the
table.
A nioHuii was made to amend lids bv accepting
the report.
'Jin*. tHutir entertained the amendnion*, but,
after u eonCdential conversation with 0»lcun»I
Kites, l uiwl it out of order.
The umtieu waa wUbdrnwn.
MdH-ryUor Pierce moved to adopt the report.
SniHirvi‘;or B. Clark thought Uteri* was such a
♦bdaiit illTCgerdof tho wi>«:;e< t ,r the voters,
he could pat vote for it Tho local interest a of tho
town were,not bcmUted by Urn division. Tho
noun argument. In rcalitv, was interest.
He moved to icier U to the Hm»rdof Oauiuv Cam
u/isdoners.
SiHM‘rvtM*r John Humphrey wanted to kimw
whore .Urn 177 .voter* lived who remonstrated
against the action of the commute;*. Thevworo
u majority, and the hoard was culled upon to pro
tect a minority. The majority cits tod nu As
(0«Bor. who taxed the town properly unfairly
and outraged tho farniers.
S«iM*rvlsor Blutbardt said if Ibov were out
mgedbythe majority they could present a pro
test, before the Countv Commissioners. Ho had
good renseii to know that the committee drew up
that report withou* hearing a single urgunnmt
against it. He thought tlio proposed division wa*
t<*o uncfju::!; Ihe e.ircof nil the roads and bridge?
waft tlirnM t:p<m tlieoidtown; and he believed
the whole thine ought to bo submitted to a vote
#)t th- proph\ Ho agreed that tho nsscssmnne
was outrageous, but tho board would have heard
project.
supervisor Clr.tV Ulu-stratcd on the black board.
Superrißor Bandera b ftl«l the utatemont that the
higiu nkfusKiiicnt was »tu au acre, of farm Umls
w;i» untrue: the. highest wan only $3 per here.
7>* A*ic-Myr behind him had just told him no.
llp.brhert-d there was u steal In it. Ho wautod
to hfvit the rcruonßirnnce.
Bupen-Isor Stacy Bald ho wanted to have the
remonstrance read before tho board; hut thf»ro
beejoed to be ;m opposition to it.
The rluurndod the remonHtrunco not bofuro
Ibi* hoii.w.
Biipcnrlsur Stacy read the remonstrance.
The f’huir asked wiirther the ae»c*3iucut was
a W ur thotßXfd.OO ft lot.
Sni>evtißor Baudora eaid that that was only on
one lot ot unimproved proptriy, and at a rate
higher than any farm land.
Bupeivjror C’larkc withdrew h»s ni'dlon.
ll S 'T t t? or I ,UlU<m6 liWVt d to lay the ropor| ou
Jowa* SUWlipn jL rov, llca Yo a 33S unye. ic. u-s fol-
)>»*—Altomlt. Atmendinger. BhKhardt. Catker
Hi.lM-rt Uarke, o«b ciaij.Dlxon.Emmoua, Frelae G»gii.
Gridin. lloner, Koorlj, King. O'Ponnell. PaMman.
tjimliTK, Scmufz, Slaty, SU'pLen*, Waterman, Wendt.
Wr» nn, Wricht-US.
Kohbuidor, D. TV*, Clark, Conlor, Gnsnthor.
Jlano.M, ifanh, Humphrey, Kale, Lyncli, Mahlcoan.
Ulilemlaif, Pioice, Schwab. Sthwecn. Tcsch—ld.
I‘OUCB COMMtSSIONkRR.
Supervisor Clark said ho understood that T. 11.
Blown, President of the Buard of Police Com’
tnissionors, Lad sent in his resignation, lie
asked the Clerk how it was.
Mr. (tindrlo said It bad been done, but on yes
jerduy (Wednesday) Mr. Brown bad withdrawn
Supervisor Clark said the Board of Supervisors
Was ,n existence, lie thought it Uto duty of tho
t’loi k to present that communication to thoboard,
®rlto successors, ns it was a'idrcsstnl to that body,
if the board hnduliowcd It to be wlthdrawnTlt
Jo™” “V®. I**®** 1 so treated. lie moved that tho
1,0 Mr- T. 6. Brown,
t I oltw Commissioners,
<mwin^ l T, «Jii;'u t S ach cf Iccorum to with
an B d^. aelcnaea °»o CountyCl.rk
a«KmMSon K oS«£^twIS ISISSS2
Suiwivisor Robert Clarke moved to refer tbo re
port back for revision, -many of the bills
tioned never having been presented to him. ami
tho careless \ffty lu which it had been presented
was not respectful.-
Tho motion prevailed.
THIS JAIL ACCOUNTS.
The Committee on Jnli and Jail Aceomiti pre
sented bills amounting to $3,150, which were or
dered paid.
The board tbcn adjcmnied until 10 o'clock tUU
morning.
THB OITY IK BETEF.
Another.'Tietlm*
It is feared that the Kcv. J. T.
several ycanj the UniversaUst Ohtfrob,
corner ofEigbih tmd-Noblo streets, Philadelphia,
was among tho victims of tho Are. Ho was
.V}7ho l .",f.iii^, 0 rc,ro P olUan n ,el the time
of him here since been found. HOlmd Wnnnu
visit to Colorado to look ultor Mime property, and
was Stopping in Chicago un bU way llome. Ho
leaves u widow, residing at present with soms
frtenfls In Guilford, KcirYorif, and an ©nly non
In Philadelphia. BcahJo* Ws family, many will
deplore Ills tragic end, which robbiii thorn of a
mortTulied friond.
HeCordova*
PoCordoTn wlio nut Monday nlsht rtellr.red,
Ixfforo an iimneus© audience, the most successful
nnd entertaining lecture of the Star* course, has
shown lils sympathy for Chicago in a most prac
tical vrny. An soon as ho heard of tho destitution
caused by the lire, ho delivered for tho first time
iu New York, tho nsvr lecture which ho 1* an
nounced to deliver next Monday nlclit la lbs
Union Fnrk Congregational Church—“iHty uhoat
Drown or the Ring”—and turned over all tho pro
coed* to. tho Now York Chamber of Commerce to
be forwarded to tills city, Subsequently he*, at
Ms own exiHUise. gave another entertainment for
the same enusoand with a most successful result,
forwarding s2to Uy the same hands. This goner
ouh donation Is In keening with the geutul hu
morist's character as exhibited In Ids hist lecture.
The .Safe Monument.
yfe arc informed that it is deMml that parties
who hare safes which baro passed through the
flrevond are of no farther use, should contribute
them for the purpose of creeling, in Union Park,
a memorial monument of tho great fire. Horton,
I«oxmicl A* Co., C. T. Boa\& Co..W. 8. Cottrell,
J. (1. Goodrich, Hopkinson. *fe Watson, Grant i
Mellon, and others, have already agreed to con
tribute onv safe each. Others who will aid in
this more will plenso signify their will Ingucss to
do so by sending their address to Mr. 81iaw, Fu
perintt-mlent of Union Park, or to Cottrell
Brown, No. 67R AVest Lake street.
Importniit dufloaneemenb
We arc Infonuwlby Canal Commlnstoner Utley
that (he Illinois and Michigan Canal will be
kept open Just na long ns tho weather will permit,
and in order to aid the boats to u irlgnto the
stream, ico boat* will bo employed to break the Ice
us fan us it makes. Mr. Utley has gouo to Book
port to superintend tho work of keeping open the
canal.
Bliaeeltoncoa*,
Anxious friends are enquiring for Mrs. Usbccaa
Mott nnd her daughter Aebsah. They, or any
perMins who know of their whereabouts, are re
quested lo communicate with Maria L. Nelson,
Hurhnxu Fust Olllcc, Butte Comity, California.
—Mi *sr». E. A. A: J. S. Turner, of tills city,
noknowledge tho receipt of two from Messrs.
Ku&b, Brewster A Co., of Norwich, Conn., for the
benefit of tho Chicago sufferers, and have applied
UiObamc as directed by the donors.
PKESBYTERIAN BELIEF.
Meeting of the Pasters of DHTereat Presbyte
rian Churches—Discussion or Flans of Ro*
Hef— SoiijilicH ?lost Needed— FaccUodb Anoc*
dote* or Female “Sufferers” in Search of
Fashionable Supplies.”
fioverai pastors of tho different Presbyterian
Churches in tho city met yoaterday afternoon iu
(ho bufecmeutof the Second Preabytorlan Church.
The* elay was lowering, and there wore premoni
tions of a coining snow-storm, therefore, only tbo
gentlemen whose names follow wero iu tho llttlo
assembly: B, W. Pattereon, H.D., of the Seooml
Church: Professor Swing, of the Fourth Church;
Hubert Patterson, H.H., of the Jefferson
Pmk Church; Bov. J. H. Walk
er, t»f tho Reunion Church; Ror. E.
Villi Onlen,of Ihr Holland Presbyterian Church;
i:ev. Hr. K. K. Davis, of tho Forty
firhi street Church; und as a guest, Dr. Ellison,
ot th«* Plurdmrgh Haunrr. Tho object of the moot*
ing w'a« tho discussion of certain phases of tho
relief liumness. Tho rcora In which tho divines
met was u»t eht.erful, and Hi© subject matter was
uofc new. Tho reverend gentlemen gathered
about llu stove in ono corner, nnd, sitting iu un
studied .and ÜBpicturoequo attitudes, imraned
internally the business which had called them.
Hr. R. Patterson,as Chairmanof the Pro 4*-
byteiian Committee, was tho chief iaterloeiibir
He stated that the. object of tho gathering was to
consider the best method of distributin'* the
money and supplies sent through tho pastors ot
tin* Presbyterian Churches.
Ikir. jin Ortlvn epokoof Ws own methods of
operation, and tim neudaof thowu with whom ho
csmip limnrdmtoly In contact. He had in his
cmjMdi nhout ono hundred families. Of theeo
nlu ut leu faimhes h;vd sutTared directly, at»il ten
unUveeUy. Th© go-ults Ft nt were u most luHcet
hmeotta mlxturo, consisting largely of old calieo
dittoes, old 6hoeß. vvlilch were o? no earthly
v.sc* to anybody. Ho had distributed eight or leu
boxes of 7'fiero «n3 especially gma n**i d
of hlrnwls and blankets. He could use st Unto
nninhcr If ho h»d them. R
Others ttjn'he of (he. many üboloss urtleles that
had been contrllmied In tho first flush of thy
nut ion’s generosity.
i Kcv» UJon \Vend read a noto from O. C (Pi*b«
askdrg that families desiring supplioM addrcsn a
n..tr U> besdcjunrters settini: forth fhoir
ri;t:r case wuu'd then bo looked into, and the
needed Mipphas would be furnished. Mr. Wo;hI
underMouii that hiin-ollaneona article* worj to bo
t-'i ut to tho Pink. ami the hotter class of goods to
Utii tU'ollier'ft Church. Ho haa.trded t!iu opinion
that tiwtfi was greater delay In many eases than
110 exigency o: tlie situation demanded.
Mr. Van Orden, of the Holland Church, nulled
abloom to las mast, and rushed to the rescuo of
Mr, Ollier like an ecclesiastical Van Truant op
Hr Knylcr. Hi* orders hadalwavs been honored
by tuo pastor of tire Cimreli of the Messiah. Not
sow jib the employe.* of that establishment. It
took him. on cue occasion, throo or four days to
fjrt a ton ol eoallruui tho nuderllniM of Mr. Col
•h r, although lie (Van Orden) bore in hl» hand a
«**rap of jtaper which bole that gentleman's
hieroglyphics. 3 1 took some of these youa? gen
tlemen three or four days to write an order
v-blch the snptvlor business skill of the sneaker
would euublo him to write In three minutes.
Ther.ev. Hr. It. W. Patterson a scuoud Unio
filati d the v»bject of the meeting, and more em
phatically than before. The Presbyterian con
gregation, of which he Lad the honor to be a
im lober, wanted to know what to do with tho
supplies. It was desirable that the pastors should
unite upon some general vUn of distribution.
Mr. (Hen Wood thought that, taking things as
they a:c, it would perhaps be better to send tho
mIK-rllancous supplies to the Kiak, and tho se
lected articles to the Church of the Messiah.
Hr. It. W. Patterson said that many things sent
wnv useless, nr not needed by tho church to
which they were forwarded. A central place of
rtl.-lrlbuthm would prove a desrnhlo adjunct to
tho relief business, He suggested an eligible b irn
belonging to one of Uis congregation for a danol
of supplies.
rriifi-Miir I-orlnv snrccstcfl that shawls anil
MnukvU weto i-xitunßive, Twice was any
nnnmut of calivo iir> s« s on hand, but the. wore
worn. than tho lunpuJ and windowed raetradneoi
r H v ,ilv or;d 11)<! Plan of patronUlng
Laird Collier a church.
Mr. Walker interpolated some remark? to the
effect 11..U a presbyteml depotof supplies would
involve the necessity of persons to remain at it.
lie spoke o! the want of adaptation of the fiUn
pller* to the necessities of the people. H-* kse wof
worthy families who were In urgent, m-ed of
disl.es mid bedsteads, mid none wvo t he ob
tained id the relief authorities.
Hr. R, W. Patterson «a!d that If details ircre
left to Um Preshrterial CommittCQ, ho thuu-bt
the matter of df>ull*ution might be. mim-v'ed
without n central depot. If they had a deposit
would not require the attention of a person more
than an hour in a day.
At this point them iutervetmd some tulscclla
hcouk conversation in regard to dresses of too
gtcjt longitude tor the wearers: a superabun
dance of vests. Facetious anecdotes weru relat
ed of impesvtlons practiced by ico'tin'*
us.‘i.-|jii:cc, all m whom hupiH*ncd to hu of the
gentlerfcx. Om; woman.hyprotracted coiling
eaiivns. and ludieious calls nf tlio various noiufs
of sandy, had made herself tite mistress of th~eo
shawls. Another fortimafe sister had bivomo
tlio possessor of three shawls. Another ilreMir
femule had asked for Hunting decorations. Mu,sf
lug great mix ety to have the colors and pattem*
uitbihc other articles of her ward
robe. The schedule of her pamphcnnHa laid
been made out Ih the nnte-eonilagrntlon era
Ipon investigation it was discovered tb it the
Hmoll of lire had never upon homd.os.
fciu d Uh (r,l U tulfeev^ ;kKcous ceuversjtlou en-
Hr. Patrcrpon f-tated that (hero wa* n
fund, wlilph hid hem conh llmlod b/
>-lnirduauiQunUuj: to k.oiki or
of upurlion i,f thiafor
H.o purpose of assisting tho most needy ohureh
tuembora to jwy tlaur quota of church expenses,
pHsfur s salary, A-e.,wn«di«Gusscd. 1
ComniUtoo
of Hr.K^. Patterson. Judge Otis. Mr.
Kitucdge, und Professor Swing.
At the luvltattou of the meetlnr. Dp PUUnn
of tho Pittsburgh A’lf.inrr. nmdo a brief but
tbi ♦i, ll como t0 with
55®tT 1 T^vS 0^ t i eliUB >nr l1 ReU Coiumlt-
Itc to look into tho necessity of the relief l,nsi«
ness here. Ho had visited tho Ohmvl of the
Momiuh. talked with Mr. <.oni?r aid STr 1.-to'-S
and wa« convinced iliac tiling crcro autug mi
tbore in a proiwr manner. He had not a worfl of
ruult to bnil. It was bis cjilnlon that the h.ur i.f
great.a.t trial for CUicaao-was not yet Many
would suffer who had norcr suffered before, and
many whose trouble* mul trials would never bo
fcnown. Hut tbe country wns eonal to tlm emer
gency, ond would furnish everything noed
od_ with lavish hand If people
abroad were only kept Informed through tho
proprr channels of the needs ot the people of
Chicago. The people in (lie ellles would give:
the people in the rural districts would give, and
five freely. The gifts nf the latter would, per
haps. bo the most solid and substantial. Thorn
was hnnlly a family in tbo country that could
notTrtvo sheer, n (pint, or n comfort. Pitts
burgh bad still oa Land SUO.iW, which it would
Kod a* needed.
There was some further informal talk, and It
waa concluded to leave the matter of sannUoa.
fluanctal or otherwise. In tho hands of thoVres
byurrlal Committee, with lb© under*tandlne that
they should meet aud organize some dehnltb nlan
at no diatuut day, 1
REAL ESTATE,
XttMrnmpsu Filed for Record on Thursday,
Not, S3,
errr ikopbktt.
Lots 1, 4 and sin Block II in Carpenter's Addi
tion, being on s w comer of May* st and Washlng
av, with buildings, dated Nor. 33; consideration,
sU,oou.
tot cs, In Ilaywood’a n w 1-4 of Section si, 39,
14. dated Sept. 21: consideration, $4,000.
Mitchell «t, 48 ft Wof Throop st, a f, 21x124 ft,
with buildings, dattd Nor. 23; consideration.
s2^ac».
Carpenter st, 125 ft n of Madison st, o f,25x125ft,
dated April 25; consideration. $9,000.
Bigol «t, between North Wells and Frank! In ate, n
S, 25x125 ft, dated Nov. 33: consideration, sftoo.
Archer av, a w cor ot Bnddan st, triangle of 3T
1-2X70 40-100x59 07-100 It, dated Dot, w; consid
eration, $20,000.
Borm or errv uhtts.
Lota 11 and 12 lu Block 13, iu Cleaverville, being
100x170 ft, 0 f. on Lake uv, dated Nov. 20 con
sideration, SIO,OOO.
The Home Ins or once Company, of Colomlma,;
Ohio.
Tint sterling institution deserves to rank as ono
of the soundest und best conducted insurance
companies in existence. The excellent manage
ment which has always characterized Ita work
logs, and, above all, the prompt and satisfactory
manner In wMcb It hag adjusts and paid, a, tut
bosrrrangcd,
lMIW »>ythe great Chicago
Bomo 01 Ohio, to tho
confidence of tho people everywhere. It U a rare
thing, to three degenerate days, toflndnareto
puroncc organization so mtoriv nh ft _
in nil respects. As soon tim
con)pan>'s losses In Chicago hml^bliS? 0
lain* d, the stockholders at
every dollar of those losses, by awjcjuiniont
without 1 charting to Ihu premium
arc large and Increasing all over the oonntrr a 5
that itt> now prcibimns and capital stock now fur
nit-h-lhe best and most reliable security for poll.
cy-ImJclers. This company can be cordially re
ccnmieudcd to tbo gruural public as one which
mry bo rulied upon by tho<«c seeking sound in
surance.
I THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY* NOVEMBER 24, 1871.
THE GREAT EIRE.
Investigation of it* Origin tad Progress
by the Board of Police.
A Telegraph Operator and tbs foort Boose
Watchman Examined.
The Board or Police and Firo Commissioner
Chadwick commenced, yesterday, the Investiga
tion into the origin of tho firo, and its progress,
with a view to place the responsibility upon whom
it belongs. Only Mr. Brown and Mr. Chadwick
wore present, the other Commissioners being
otherwise engaged. It was tho Intention to have
a short-hand writer to lake the evidence in full,
but as one could nst bo procured, Mr. Brown
wrote the testimony in long-haud. There were
but two witnesses examined.
William J. Brown, operator in tho fire-alarm
oilier, tesUfied that ho was on duty in tho
fire-alarm ufllco, in tho Court House, on tho
night of the BUi of October. Mr. Schaffer, the
watchman iu tho lower, notified him, about half
past o o'clock, that there was a tiro and told him
;to strike Box No. DU. Ho scat that box over tho
wires to the engine houses, nnd then looked out
of the ofiicc window facing south and saw tho re
flection in the sky. In a short time tho watch
man called him again, and said ho had been mis
taken—that the firo was not so far off as he had
thought when ho gave him Box No. 3*5, which
is located on the corner of Unlstod street
and Cunulport avenue. As tho hoxwua on tho
Uno of the lire. Brown thought tho tlremon would
not be misled, su he did not strike u nearer box.
If he did to, confusion might ensue. About ten
minutes after the tire alarm ho struck a second,
giving tho tamo box, a few seconds afterwards
several boxes were turned in, and thinking they
were for tho same conflagration, he did not pay
any attention b» them, as a second alarm nod
been given. Obreraing from the window that the
tiro was increasing, he sounded a third ularm, hut
did not cati«o the Court House tall to he rang.
He was relieved by Mr. Fuller, about quarter
after 12 o'clock,nn.Tlolt the oflk-o. Ho went to
tho corner of Randolph and Canal streets, and,
alter nmnirmip there a few moment*, started
down Canal to Madison street, lie crossed tho
bridge and went south on Market street and saw
that a number of shanties near tho Gas Works
were on fln'. Tho Gas Works were not Ignited up
to that Hrue. Ho saw one steamer
at work near fho corner of Monroe and
Market streets, the pipenuu having Iholr boss
load into an alley near Furwoll's warehouse and
Pl*Jhig on some wooden buildings which were
ablaze. Jlo. sun* another cosine, the Coventry, he
thought, whilo he was going Through tho bionics
to get to Madison street, ilo could not toil
whether sho wne working or not. When ho
reached Infinite street, ncurModbon.hosawlhat
,'thereurof the Otlrntal Block was all on firo.
Tho air was full of cinders and burning material,
and he made his way t<» tbo Court lion?*, where
ho remained until the watchmen were driven out
of live cupola, and the oftlsc was on Art*.
Matthia«FchalU>r,watchman in the Court Honan,
'.onoboratod the statement of Mr. Brown in ra
gurti to the alarms given. After ho told Brown
to strike Box No. 342, he tank another look at tho
fire, «ml was snti-dod that he had located U
nhout u mile south of where it really was, nnd he
informed the operator of it. He was relieved at
l l o clock by Benin's Heneno, but lie remained iu
the cupola Smirks j« large numbers and hum
>ng material of different kinds were blown over
the Court House within half an hour jitter ho had
given tlio first alarm. Tho wind was
temMy strong." Ho continued watching tho
firo until 120 clock. Twice before that hour tho
vujrow of the Court Hmw« eaugbt lire, and ho gut
on the roof and sfamjted out the lire with hiafeet.
This occurred before the llro-llend had crossed to
tSte South Divieinn. Some men had been tlxiugun
the clock In the cupola and left a lot of shavings
on the floor. Tho.glass in the window hart been
broken, and the sparks went Uuongh the anon
lugs. There was a window on tho south side of
the cupolaUmt never had any glass In It since he
had been on duty In the lower, and -spark* were
blown into the cupola there and set lire to
U woodwork. Ho crawled, iu and tried to
slop the spread of the flame?, but was driven
out by the tiuuhr. Ho bad no way of putting it
out, ami hud to let it burn. Between 10 and il
o'clock, ho could not tell tho exact time, but
thought it wus lo oVloek, lie deserted wh-it ap
peared Dboji new thv, four or five blocks north
oi the one he had given an alarm fur about 12
o clock lie left the (’ojui House, and went- to look
at tne South Sid© firo. Tho wind was so strong
tint he could hardly st uul up. lie returned to
the tVuri House, tmd helped pat out two move
tires in tho roof. His clothes caught tire several
times, and ho was oubgetl to keep constant watch
W prevent bring burned up himself. ilo aad the
n'liot* men thought they could save the Court
House, but, after the sparks went through
the opfo window* alluded to and set tfie
upoer side of too roof on fiiv.he kue/.v itcoul I not
I*- done. He hailord to Ucnene, who was then on
watch in tho town*, to come down or la* would bo.
cut off. He could not get dowa the stairI*, 1 but
had to slide dovu the banisters, his whisker* be
ing scorched, and his hands and face badly
burned during his progress. Every «no had to
leave the building thou to save thmr lives, Wn»n
he xyur driven out of the building ho notified the
Jailer m the basement that the Court House was
going "sure," ami that he must take care of tho
piieeners, end u«t lot them hum up. From
seven to ten minutes after this the cu
poia fell iu. Ho went over to the
bhevipim House, and them saw Marshal Williams
oiid the foreumn of the Coventry, tmd u plpaman,
uonied Ix“wis, having hold or h pipe, tho water of
which was being tb owu e.galust the hotel. TJ»e
Mrttehul i rked him io light up" on the hose as
pun of tiio men had been sent away to find soma
liOf o.
Tho Coimnlsflk ucr» then adjourned nnill 9
o’clock this monilng when tbo Inveatlmitlon will
be resumed.
BASE BALL,
The New Nines fur Cleveland and Baltimore
—Tlio l.entllnar llnticra—ltovr in (be Athletic
Management—-Players WitbUrawJnff from the
Club.
TJif Cleveland nine for next year will consistof
llic following plaj er.s; S»eaf»y. second iniscj
Budcliff, short slop; Hustings, right Held and
chango catcher: J, White, catcher: iTutt.piteh
ur; Sutton, third base; Calicton, tl**l base; l*a
bor, loft Held; Allison, centre Hold.
—The now Balilinoro Pavo Pall Club claim the
follciwini: players as mi«r engagement to them:
Mills, BrainzrA and Hall, of the OlrniplcH;
Mathews and Carey, of tho Koklongas; itaadltr,
of the Athletics, and Pi)*.*, or t!;o Haymakers.
—Hhliot, of the Rockford Forest Cilvs, and
nmiiiinjfß, of the Brooklyn Shirs, who had been
engaged for lUt* Athletic nine of *72, have been
udestecu. They arc both looking out for engage
ments.
—lbc Haymakers. In addition to the list of
players niioady announced in these columns,
have secured Ocduey.of the Kcktords of Uruok
lyn, and I’mkbain. of the White Blockings.
•“Tbo Boston Club claim Hastings'; but, «s
Charley Hilton, of Hio Briggs House, was a wit
ness to his contract with the Cleveland manager,
thoßoston claim will not amount to much.
—Barnes led the baiting amnx*of the Postons;
Moyerle of the champion Athletics; Wood of the
White Stockings; Fince«rihc Olympics; Sutton
of the Cleveland Tores! (lit™: Steve King of the
Haymakers; Stuit of the Mutual* and Hastings
of the Rockford Forest Citys.
—Tlu re has been a h‘g row among the Ath
letic managers over tbo engagement of now play
ers to replace KudeliilV, Scnscmlo.-fer. Ueaeb,
slcj eric,ami Pachtcl. The friends of tbo cham
pion nivn rallied ut ft recent meeting of the
stockholders, ami ousted nil tho old oAkor*. The
new administration have taken measures to re
tain the live players uioiiUoiicd, and ii In under
stood that Kggler. Treuoy, t’uihbert, and Me-
C«egjy have demanded and received back their
contracts. Trcacyund Culhbert arc anximuto
rcimn to Chicago.
The California Imperial Parlors,
elluated of old on Chirk street, whither the Lull
iuuAblc of both MW were accustomed to go for
refreshment, will be ojxuied on Saturday, oa
Wabash avenue, near Twelfth street, it ha* been
tho especial aim of the proprietor to have every
thing completed aml In icadinrufl for the oom»ra
modutiun of the fair outs, who. Jt in »afe to ;w
--sumo, will welcome the resuscitation of the par
lot s by tbe same patronage width gave rucK
jnaiorl.il evidence or their upprobatiuu before tho
arc.
BTTSrWESS NOTICES.
Hr»n. Allen, tong nnd welt Icaowu In
thl? city u eucccMtul PhyHiclau, decided, fo in*
weeks since, to leavo a largo elielo of friends
aud wide Hold of practice, fora mure gouial
clime, that of California, aud we, have since
learned,located iu Sun I'rancisco.
Ve onn eiilv wish the Doctor the prosperity in
bis new livid of practice, that Ids success and
Rtlll us a proft-Bp-ional gentleman truly uiuritd.
*l. Fnrioufi, Cbemiitnad per»
fmner. hns reopeuod at f.84 \Vu\n\sh aveimv, with
on entirely new stock of fine Toilet Articles,
Drug*. IVrfttme*, Erm do Odogne, «fcc., ic. I'i-e
--wtiptiott bock «md from the. Urc.
$130,000 in 8,000 ccu>h prizes—Highcsi
prt2Ooso,u*> gold coin, to bo diftlrilmted legally by
chuocc. January 30th, 1872. In aid of Uxo Morey
Hospital, Omaha, Nebraska, pattoo Oardlner,
Muoagcre. Tirkota $3 earli. op two tor SS.
Yloznrd Sc Cnawelf’a Cod rarer Oil is
tljo parent, sweetest, und best la the world.
I hyt-iemus have decided It superior to any other
.Cod Liver OH la the market. patients who have
once takcu it can take no other.
Wwrble yinuteU.—J. t. lichurrmnn is
prepared to farni&h nil Muds of marble and
granite work at his new location, S2S .MicUUrau
•vonuo, corner of Park row, Chicago.
A Jaw«l.~Boisdsat purifies j Sezodont
beautifies; Suzodont gratifies all who u»o it.
Sold by ail druggists und perfumers.
BERTHS.
moss—November 3Dth. JS7J, at HUS p. m.. MwTS
*v. AfoAe. of Manitowoc, of a daughter.
KING—COGSWELL—On November S3, |STI, br
Psweis, D. D., Hector of tit. John's
Chmeb. MaJ. Rnfns King, of Chicago, and Miss Ullie
topswelJ. daoghrerof tho Late Wfnkworth Coßbweli.
Lso.. ef Halifax. Nova trot lx No cards.
DIED.
P ROBERTS—On Thursday morning. Nov. 23, Joshua
Roberts, ol dropsy, in tho Mlh yoor ol hia age.
The funeral will take place at his late residence, C3O
Fulton-at.. at is*n o’clock tCMtay.
BO ABB 'WA3TTHD.
EIOARD-A SINOJJS GENTLEMAN WANTS A
t nice, comfortably furnished room, l*otwivn Twea
fy-sCcor.u and
withurolthouHHvmL AiMrwaJ \VT, Tribaneoilloe.
BOAVJV.IKA PRIVATE FAMILY. ON WEST
Side, ro*t of with salt* or roomK.
onmfurnivbcd. for self, wife, and two tmutli chUdron
will pay f<X) u mouth for Milt.vblo accommoilations; ref
firnco required- Pali at, or address; Boom 5, corner
Clip ton and Washingt/m-at*.
Board— with UNFURMbiiED room, in
good locality, for gentleman nud wife. Ad(lro*i.
slallagleniif*, M U5/,Tribuneofflro
Boari>-by a gentleman and wifr,
rooms and bcani ououth side, east of State ami
«mth of Twtntr.fniuih.at. Terms nut U» cicee<l Si 3
per xnnnlli. Will pay in adranoe. YT x, Ttlhanoofflie.
A oentieman and ms
tnn at ld be»livoro woll-funiishe«l. and with
wfarreuS>m7«J!?- P?f- ln a private family.
cau- U CT tHmnJcra location north cl
»»».^!ii« f |Se!n'Xv b f ,w CT "«b«sb anil MleWgan-
Cress. ,touSg riiouircil. Ail
-liiuiao.cKre.
AMUSEMENTS.
MJCIIIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
Tturtccnthgt «nd liichlgan-.T,
ENTHUSIASTIC SUCCESS.
TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT.
WISDHAM MW (OSPAM,
In Robertson's beautiful now Comedy,
PROGRESS
AM>
WOODCOCK'S: LITTLE CAME.
Peats can bo pocnnyl nt UUm it Sli.-im'ii flnjl .tore
Cobb Andrews' book store, and tbi tSatm gt
MATINEES, HATURHAY ANDTH ANKBOTVING.
BTAU LECTURE COURSE.
Michlgan-ar. Baptist Church,
THE AMERICAN PLATO.
EMERSON,
Will deliver Ids now lecture on Monday evening on
“NATURE AND ART.”
Admission, W cents. Iteeervtxl seats, 75 cents. Sea
son ticket for four Icctnras, $1.50. Tickets fur saiant
Cobb's, 469 Wahnnh-ar.; Bliss A Rharn's 151 TwcStv
aecond-st, and at the Mlchlgnn-ar. Free Library;
GLOBE THEATRE.
OO L. WOOD’S HDSEDM 00MPASI A"
THE GLOBE.
IMMENSE SUCCESS!
OK THE PLAY OP THE DAY,
DIVORCE,
Matinees Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Particular Notire,—ln of the great
length uf the play. th© Matinee pertormaaoes iriS com*
mence at Two oVloek precisely.
WEST SIDE
Star Lecture Course.
Union Park Congregational Churah.
DeCORDOVA,
THE CARICATURIST and ininiltuble linmurist will
euow up high Ufi- in social and political clrclcn in Us
X r^^A^7,K l iy^\} L^l l v I'I’ATY ABOUT BROWN
ORTIIERINts on Tiitsdav evening, Nov. 23.
1 Irketrt for sale «l Ucrton's JAhrarv. «7 West
Kt.; the West Mdc Library, 239 tv*ost' and
Stu hPs Drag Spin*. W West Mudlnon-st.
TO RENT.
TO RENT.
CENTRAL HALL.
Coi*. Wobiuh'iVi and l 7woDty**secoad-NC<
.This spacious and elegant Hall, tholargest. best ven
liuited mid m<)st ccntnlly locsted of soy at present
In i.iiHcUy, will be fiiiishoilon thoSSthlnst. With the
QalUt}* It wifi seat 1,100 porsoos.
Managers of lirat-chus cntcrtitnmoats, who Intend
to vtfeit Chicago during tills winter, am now secure
this beautiful Hall on favorable terms. For farther
information, apply to
JOHN T. APPLBBERT,
Office Central Hall, Cor. Wabaah-ar. and Twonty-
Socondst
AUCTION SAXiIPL
BY VM. A. BVTVEBS dc CO.
No. 79 South Morgan-st.,
GENTEEL FURNITURE,
AT AUCTION, on FRIDAY, Nov. 24, stlO o'clock, at
Dwelling No. 79 South Morgan st.
Wo win sell tho entire household effects of a family,
con* lo ling ol parlor, chamber, dinlug-room ana
kitchen tandture, Brus<rin catpcta, beds, bedding
rf a,*c. WM. A. BUTTERS A CO,. Auctioneers
TEE RED FRONT.
REGULAR SATURDAY'S SALE,
AT AUCTION,
HOUSEHOLD GOODS, CARPETS,
Stores, sr-d other Merchandise. AT AUCTION, ns
BATURDAY, Nov. 25 at o’clock, at tit© Red Front
Salesroom*. 9 and 4 Knar- Randolph st.
WM. A. BUTTE JUi i CO., Auction core.
WEEK.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
nun muss .i.-yrsa ovbhsuobs,
AT AUCTIOK,
Pn Tnrsday. Sot. 28, at D 1-3 o'clock.
at tho Rod Frout So!o«reams.
•7JO r«i« detirabfc t t awj
Ba. r tfioi*«b,
ICO CnttiMSSmbl,*T t \&relir t and Par-ltned
OcmAm.
WH. A. BUTTERS A CO.. AucUonssr*.
DRY GOODS,
Custom Made Clothing,
FURNISHING GOODS, NOTIONS, &0.,
AT AUCTION,
On WEDNESDAY. Nor. 29. at u* kK»7tod
Front Salesroom*
war. A. BUTTERS A CO.. Anctlonecra.
No Sale bb TtosSay, Nov, 30.
Regular Saturday's sale, Decembers.
War, A. BUTTERS A CO. _
By OEO P. GOKE €O.,
1 and 2 Randolph-et, comer Mlchig.m-av
Kognbr Saturday Sale of ifonsebold PnniHnre,
Carpets, ('reckerv, and Oil Cloths,
AT AUCTION,
Parlor and Chamber »ots, Tables, Parlor OJia<w, Bed
steads, Sofas, Lounge*, Rockery, stoves.
3,000 Yards Wool Capet.
SCO Zinc and Japan Coal Hods.
60 Pieces Ploor Oil Cloth.
300 £ed*t»ads.
200 i'ire Shovels.
200 Stove Polrezs.
25 Crates Crockery, in original packages
and open lots.
On Saturday. Sot, 2a, at 91-2 o’clock,
OKO. r. QORK A CO.. Auctioneer*.
BY G. P. GORE CO.,
Nos. 1 and 2 Randolph-st., comer of Mlcbigan-ftr
AT AUCTION,
Atljonrnrd sale from Tlmraday. to be sold on SATUR.
I>aY. Nct. at u n’liuvk, f) caao» of ruorcluodise, W
be sold t<> jwy warehouse acargoA
By COLBY WIRTS,
Regular Friday Sale
PARLOR SETS
IN HAIR CLOTH,
Silk, Terry and Wool Repa, Turkish Chaim, Lounges,
Ortuiital and Camp Chaim. Idbiaiy. Marble and Wmml
Top Tables. Side Jloanw. Etauerea. Marble aud Wow!
Top OhamlnT Seta. Ofllce, Parlor. Dining and Kitchen
Chairs, MaUrc'sea, Bcddlug, Mirror*, Ac., AT AUC
TION,
Friday, Nov. 24, at 10 o’clock,
At onr room*. 29! and »3 ?I!rhlpan-ar. We nro mamt
fartun'ra' agenta. and resell thnmgiiont tlio week at
Ibvlr prices, thus anyimr ]>urchaaers the enormous
prufita, and by auction every Frldav.
_ COLBY A WlKTik Anctloneers.
An«! Ftimftnre Manufacturers' Agenta, 291 and 201
Michlgan-av.
BOARD ENG AKD DODGING.
*1 O NORTH MAY ST., BETWEEN LAKE AND
J-O Randolph— I To rent, with board, cue or two
larce, nicely fumfolicd rooms, liot and cold water,
bathroom, Ac. (nrst-cla,'.*).
A K KUIIITV-LNTH-ST.—v pleasant room
for a ringle gcntleTuun to rent, with beard.
House warme<{ therungblv by furnace: b.ith room.
Ac, Near Indbum-av. etreef earn.
K'i' SOVtVi iII.IZARKTII-ST.—IN~ A PRIVATE
UA-family, two genli.m.-n of good habits can flnt!
fo'imling, wlUi t>vo tvuni rouw*.
(1C SOUTH (RIKHN-ST.—HIT ITK OF PLEASANT
tl C 7 uufun>fobe<i rooms, with board.
*1 *7 Stty.Tn BANGAMONBT. A VK W
4irV, •_i«ar»irra am be accommodated with very do
aimHe Towns, J
17 A W»IT WASniNDTON-ST.-LAROE pcr!
J- I rfc ui»hc.l tnmt room, with hoird tor two and
Cay board for a few pcryong. aa
IQR F.LLIS-AV.-DEBIRABLE ITTHNIfeHEn
100 rooms,with board. saLU
\VAnUK^\\7IiKTVVKEN r 'IIOVNEAND
A gentleman and wife, or two
nl Wwv*ant front room, with
or without board, for tho whiter, in a priralo family.
256 JSSBKJt-ST. HOARD FOR
i t a gentleman and wife, or two gentlemen wi*h.
,n cni V ino,l l ous rooms, furnlohi-l
Si-tj f U o? iShe^CM **obtained.• privatefamily; cars
3yCC '\KFT UANbOLVIUKT., DOORS EAST
nnS.B« in l iT t nelrtrco room. suitable fur
rJltJ< nina and Imjy or two gents; also one single rooim
tv4.fi WEST M'AHIIINOTON-ST.—HOARD AND
oElftTrS. Nt rw>m forge
74, ft aiICHIOAN-AV.— BOOMS, WITH BOARD,
£y*^ tePUci eni •‘««<»mmodh-
7 <l4, WABABH-AV. ENTIRE SECOND
lA7 4 FRAIiaRAV—A SUITE OF TJNPUR-
hlKbrdm.me to rent, with board; or could
«<T«»lflT. Al«>, .UWa room t or twS
seven doors south of
I welfth i*! —To rant, with board, a treat parlor
mccly fnmlnhrd. B. K.
SEWING MACHINES.
OtNORR SgWTNO MACHINK OPPIOK OVI I
I wV llt rlX H 1 now W7 MU
—Huklne. sold on manuilj
*od yort given in pnymeal, U aeatnST^
W Kfct> SINGER, and WHKSI.EB WII.SON
«rwlucm«cMiiM>. a K. NICHOLS, formorlrii
I* Sooth CUrk-ot., howaponaatlH Sonth HtStSUt
Machlnoesold on eaay muothiy payments, sowing
snppllcd t» thowe who ueslrv tt- J wing
AND OTHER FIBST-CLaS
J.; 80,4 0n tnunthly install
trents. work taken In payment. Machine eunaUer
band. W»Cf. BTIOKNRV, 127 East High
wanted to exchange.
r l lo xr sl lANo^A dwelling house in
A. the Alljapo of Genova 111., containing fnurtoen
nicnia: &Im>liamand cjurlairo house; good fruit on
fcTpnjin*--forn general country store or boot an 1 shoo
?,r, 1 v rc htock For parUculars. address U. LONG,
2 lf Chicago.
Cm BEAL ESTATE.
vaiaK oAßit—i»ecAr»iioa grvupjirm—
r 40x170, east front, on Wnbaak nr., sonth of Mon
roe-*t
25*18 9, north front on Madison-St, west of Laßalle-at.
BSZISS, east front, on BUlo-st, nortnot TwolttU-st.
26x108, sonth front, on Quincy, extending to Jackson,
CO feet cast of Pearbeni-et.
100x75 northwest corner Van Bnren-ak and Fourth*
nr.; per foot.
40xijo on Well st., north of Monroe-sk.
IxxiTV, wfst front, on Miohlgan-ar., near Elsh*
teenth at C ioo per foot.
ISOxro, east front, on Wabash-nr., near Fourteenth*
st-: t-lfe per foot.
48x170. east front, on Walwh-ar., near Harmon
court, with bnihUuga, cheap.
Heror&l tine corners, very choice and desirable
leases.
ULRICH A BOND: 800 l Estate Dealers, sil Wa
FOR SALK-BURNT DISTRICT—A GOOD BUST,
ness tut on Canabau, oudong tlruA without any
money down. Jnnnireatsoostaie-sL tram 10 to Lof
the owner, O. J. BTOVOH.
I JOB BAt E-A LIST OF BARGAINS BY S. If.
CUMMINGS, Real Estate Agont. No, 603 Vulton-i L
1/ot 20x12.1, on Clark near Madison. Lot 28x100 on Ad
dama-at. near Uearborn st- J.ot 75x100 corner Van Bu
ran and Shcwuau et, saltablo forflne storca and hotel;
price #35,000. 1-ot flOxS) comer Canal and Monrue-st.
Lot 52xJ35 rumor Uaisled and Mather-*t*. Honae and
lot No. 12Uj Wahaih-.iv., price SIO,OOO. Houses and lota
Nos. 427 and 428 Warrpn-nv. llonse and lot—lot
44 1-2xloo corner Leavitt and Ilubbard-aU.: price
11,000 cash, and assume on Incumbrance of $1,200
duo 1674, and innsh other valnablo property. Drop me
a note and I will call and see you.
I JOB SALE-CHEAP—FIR-ST-CLASS JIODSB
and lot Ucuce 2 story and basement, pressed
brick. Contains latest Improvements. Lot. 57 foot,
cost trout. Altogether ono of the pleasantest places In
the city. t?mall payment down. Inquire on promisee,
ImUana-ar.. near TwenUetb-aL
For hall-good and cheap lots on the
South Hide, on Arnold, Rutlcrflelil, Ruddon, Gar
ibaldi. Twc-rty-nfth, Tweuty-slxtb. Twenty-seventh-
IWinty-cigth, Ta«;jitv-nhith, Thirtieth, and Thirty
firausts.; al.'O, on Wentworth, Wallace, and ahortleff
ava Five years, at 6 per cent. No oxlrause In price,
though such lots must double in value. The Increased
demand for building lota, near where so many tens of
millions mi st bo paid for labor, will advance the price
of such lota. Tl*o old prices, and very easy terms.
ALBERT. CRANE, 872 Wabash-av.
FOR SALK—AT A GREAT SACRIFICE—a TOUB
«U>iT marble front house and lots Only $9,000 if
taken st one a Honso Is first-class in every respect.
J S. SCOVEI*. 537 Wabash »v.
IJORHALE— OR EXCHANGE—FOR A DWELL*
ing house, SO lots on Ashhutd-av. (Konben-st.) and
C'olumbl.vst, near rolling mill and nteol worko. BNY
DER A LEE, Real Estate Agents, No. 14 Nixon's
Building, northeast corner of Monroe and LaSalle-sts.
FOR BALE MICHIGAN-A V FIRST-C LASS
xi'Sfdcncc, on Michigan ar., near 20th; h.mao Is
o*»tmilotely furnished; hume*lLite possession. SNY
DER LKH, Real Estate Agents, No. 14 Nixon's
Building.
Irion SALK—VAN BURHN.ST.. 5 LOTS, EACH
25X179 fwt, on north side of van Bareu-st, bo
tween Ontre-sv. and Throop. BNYDKR LEE.
Real Estate Agents, No. 14 Nixon's Building.
For sale—two new mabblb-pront
Houses of IS rooms and lots, on Warren sr., near
RoNy: honsrs all ready to occupr. BNYDER
LKE. Beal Estate Agents, No. it Nixon's Building,
northeast i-ornrr of Monro© and sta.
FOR BALE— 64xI79 ON COTTAGE GROVK-AV.;
a good bush:<v*s lot; |Koper foot; only SI,OOO cash,
balance on long time. Ad dross P ft, «19 Cottage
Grove av.
FOR bAJ.E—HOUSE 1030 INDIANA-AV., NEW,
I2rtx»me. 011 leased ground, long lease; a great bar
gain. 8. DEI.ITATER, 107 Twenty-iicoond.su
OR SA LIi—RESI HENCE ON PARK-AV., NEAR
7 raillt-st., fur Lvro-thinis Its value, if taken atone©;
look 01 It. D. COLE SON, 18S W. Madlson-st.
IJOKSAI E-HOUbE AND LOT, IST, LAKE AV.;
lot, 2jxl7A Price. $6,000; $1 000 cafh, balance on
long time, inquire ot the owner. Room 5 Lind’s
Block.
IJOU SALE-NO. J15‘21 EIGHTEENTH-ST.,
bet*r<*»‘U 'VVftbush-ar. and fttate-6t, desirable
two story and Knvllsh ha'emout, II rooms, fanuico,
gas fixtures, and nn«leru improvtiiicnts. I’rlco, $9,000.
No adrasco slue© the lire. Terms e.**sv.
For sa Liv—IPXID3 feet, with good house.
on Wo.it Mndlson-st., nri.r Cenlro-av. Also 50 feet
on Tldtdav., near Maifinrn-at. W. WALLER, S7O
M’aluwh-ax.
I7OU HALE WABArtII-AV., TWO-STORY
frame nnd brick basement lmu«eof 11 roo’ue and
lot 25x176 feet on Wabash-sn*., between Harmon and
KliUhlge-coniH. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate
Agents, it Nixon Building, northeast corner Mouroo
ui-d 1-iSaUc-sts.
For sale—decided bargains, easy
terms, Walnnt-st, choice let, only $65 per foot.
I*rfe«*-placc, rot (age ami lot. $2,050.
Nowheivy-av., enttage nnd lot.F-VJW-
Luke st-, 2 stunsj and dwellings. Jxng Icaao. f1.700.
R. O. GOOD WJ 1.!, ik. Real Estate and' House Bust
ing Agency, 133 West Mudlion-st.
XJOR SA l-E—WAllAftil AND MICIUUAN-AYaj
A A number of rludee lots on thete avenues In and
senth vt tho burst district; al.-"* wvcr.il rahMbJo
leasm J. KftAIAS WARUKN, 419 Mlchlgan-rtv., op
polite Standard Hall.
IJOB ftAI.E- 'MIL'KIGAN-AY- UOUSE AND
leaee; thn'o-htorv nnd basement honne. No.-tiD,
nmt I2y»*nra* lean©, ut only $l.oo0;
cdlai” \MiMipKH(nn. J. KftAlAft WAUBEN.4IS MiuM
ojijmslt©fttr.ntlord Hall.
1?l»U HALE—NORTH ftIDK—SOME OK THE
most desirable prepertj* on tho North SJdo at low
prices. J.ESAIAR WAJ’.UEX, IIS iUcldgau av,, op
posit© Stacdnrd Half.
I?oit sji.i:-nHY ir/‘, I’u.vjiK mia,m.vo
with 2years’ 00 feet ground leas©, near UhihoThea
tre, suitable f-»r storage or niaaufartnrinc. Tho
mono Is worth fste. IL G. GOODWXLLIE, 133 We»t
Mftdison->it.
I?tJlt ftALE—RIVER I.OT 150X170 FEET ON THE
South Branch, near Tweltlh-Rt, Very ©asy terms.
SNYDER A I.KK, Real Estate Agouti. 14 Nixon
Building, northeast corner Jtuuioe and lAKaUe-sls.
FOR ftAl-k-CHKAI’-THK FINE TWo'STOHT
and haseiuent frame hotne, 10 rr>oniH, with all
modern JinprevcinectH, g.vs fixtures and fint-ela.i.l
barn 25x40, two-story, with lot 2oXt;tt. No. 713 Mirhl
pui-av.,hc.twecn Twonty-tlr.it and Twenty-second-sts.,
cast front, at $17.(* i 0; S“.VXX), 3 vears ut 10 per cent, bal
anroto suit pnrvhitacr. \VM. HANSBRODUII.
S7I WahUih-av.
I JOB H Al.E—Cl I EA P—23 FEET ADAM.-i NEAR
fttate-Ft. ;20 ft Van Bnn n-.st.. near Waiwsh-nv.;
40 ft state near Mndbinn.i't.; Jiouhc and lot on Mlchb
rcn-av„ marTncntr.fonrtli-.-t 30 ft Dearborn near
WashingtoQ-st. B. L. HONOHK. 2-j 3lichlgan-av.
ITIOR SALK—VERY CHEAP-TWO STORY
Jioumo end cofcet fnuit on Leavitt.*!,, near Jack*
sou, water. .TS!«i. t<* Pih.iJ-VHV, Jl.uoo «l*»vni, KDaiiro
Agent*, 215 East Madlsmvst.
For ha lk- r• j r k i*—'nvo~ loth r. Vfi kt
front ou Pnrk-av. Prior SiiiO earh; one fourthemjh,
halaiicol, 2 and 3 rears. POTWIN A CORBY, Real
Estate Agents, 2r. East MmlLon-st.
FOll SALE-LOTS IN' BLOCK. 40 SHEFFIELD'S
Audition, on long Unit*, no payment down l« par
tl«v» that will build. arc near Milwaukeo-av.. ami
Kobey-M. Price SMO C ;ulu POTWIN CORBY.
IteaVKaUitv MudiHen-st.
FOU SALE-Sl.U'Xt, HALF CASH, BALANCE IN
3 year*. will buy i. neat, now, comfortable cuttuco
hr>«.to ami I«*t near o< ;iur Tldrtv-ttr<t uad Ixmg Jolm
st*., fiuM] m-ighbnriuod, giu»d tlfle and hauOv to horso
cars. Stvowner corner Forty.iifth-st, unit cmiai?©
Sunday or Monday.
IM)R HALI2-FIFTH-AV.—lO7 FI2KT FRONT. ON
Fiftlnav., (W. lfo-*t) near Van Huren-.st, SNT-
J KK Beal Estate Agents, No. l-l Nixou's
Building.
SUBURBAN RBAT. ESTATE.
170 U RALK-OR RENT-AT HfN.SDAr.R
house.*, lots, and farms chifop, nn roar terms: will
excbimgo for cUv property. Information given tvma
in t«i i. Ml ko Stale st.. by Ihe ownar. O. J. STQUGIT.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOU SALE-CIIKAP-A FINK BRICK HOUSE
of ju n»orj«, with «ji mmh-rn limiroroiurnts and
well fundi'licil. ami nltu:it.-d mi S'cw J.-jHi-y-st, sunth
of Washiugtou.st., In-tlMTitv of Indianapolis. Will
4 »I b«»uso with or without furniture, or will noil farni
taro without the Inman. Furniture lirsf-rlas* uud in
pt'od on.»«r. Tonn*, email amount of cash down, li.tL
atuT on long Uuio. A great. bargain, Addroas Miss
•TKNNIK DALLY, 33South New Jt-T.si’y.tt.dudJanapo*
li«, ind.
FOR SALK—OR EATHAMIK FOR IMPROVED
city pjniM'rty. n aplcndid atock ami grain farm of
530 am-**. tlmlH-r and water on tbo farm. Thl* farm la
altuateilln lYJiukim County, low;*, within 2 J-2iniha
of dcmH, luuuirc for 2 A»y» of the OWNER, at Roam
5 Lind's Block.
SALB—CHEAP, AND ON RASY TE<ftl£H.
s&cSSf ■ssl
real estate wasted,
WANTKnTT?Uß?ru^rrS^m^^
2' 5, ,1 nn Franlcim.
minrf iJM?!* *’r ln ■‘‘"criptlon. p. a.
UKU» A, i-' .'ii K.-tato Boom 5, 37 Q SUIo-Bt.
\VHOME WITHIN
e *change for nnfmpnjrrd
Hjde I jrrJt anti North Chicago real estate, worth bo-
Ihrtn!i of i iC want,Hl »irlr lu Uie
spring. Address, giving lacatlon, character of lm-
AUSTIN, care of
Trlonue othco, ClUcago.
Vaf ANTED —TO LEAKE—THE RURSCRTSER
wlaheato U/u-ea lot r<» |«*et front ton or more
yours, wjihln the district bonndo/J by Monroe. Clark,
sum WHamiigtoii-alrt.. and the river, upon which to
fTrcl wholesale dry goorta store. ALBERT 11.
WALKPHt. KlO Wabnwh nr
DOST ATO FOUKD.
Tj°»M7m n A l V?' f c myi:rs a co. for
1 i r?i 00 B. J. Qnan A Co. for $192.W, en-
PiriL Co ln blank, check drawn
ftn «ml lr'^ U to crtltT of Uarnm, Pirio A C.». for
Inc? ufr/ il m 1 fZI'S 1 7 All persons are cautions!
raiment Ins been stoppe«p
R a rlr w y? ,M> im k ,,r ttJ o return of nli»ve
tons a. 3AM MmlUos. C-VHSON PI HIE UO.
LObT— ON TV !.VyS.<iDXY, FROM ITT CARROLL
ared row with wbito npot» on tl c back near
me toil, one born shorter then tfcn other. Any perron
af'Sfr“mmi™* U n M t1 1 abOTO nuitt, l!i: »U>'»
L°y K% hMNo. mjvbmhkr
m Coliace Grove horse cursor between torml
nos horro cars and Kcuwo-.d, ft mink fur cellar. Are.
ward wIU ?io paid by leaving same at tho chemical
work a corner of Twenty -tlret-st and Stewart-ar.
LOST-A POCKET-BOOK WITH ga*. BETWEEN
Cnun and Kalstcd and Jnnmd office. Any nor
son flrding It and returning i« Tribuao office will be
liberally rewarded.
LOST-S5 REWARD—A SMALL BL\CK AND
tan doff between Donglan-placo and Kenwood
station. Tbu tinder will plcaae return him to Wood
lawn StauontDA recel re the a boro reward.
L OBT TJ?3 JHX*, OP 7.1 NC TRUNK
marked “it. K. SwestUnd” Wee taken from
Base Rail ntonubs with otlicrtrnnka. a suitable re
ward will be paid oa delivery of (he same to Xll7 In
dlana-ar.
WyorND-A HORSE, ON RUiISBY-ST.. NRAR
A* Augusta. Call on CHARLIE OATH, 23 Kum
wy-st.
STRAYEC— FROM m SOUTH GREEN-BT, ON
Wednesday night, abey mare nlvont fourteen and
a hslf hands high, heavy built, white spot on left hip
near the tall. Information desired at above No..
with liberal reward.
STRAYED-ON SUNDAY LAST. FROM THE
comer of and Madlson-av. a
young. flsrk-re*l cow, whoso cal! had been sold on
pterions day to some person In tho city by tho men
who wen* drtvlny brr. A liberal reward will be
paid for tho delivery of said cow as above, or at tu
\Vabcsh-ar.
®TOLKN r A DARK BAT HORSE,
left hitched at corner of West Randolph and Do*
plainwHfta.. Monday moraine. Nor, ffl. Uad on asad
dlo and rnwet bridle, with hitching strap. Was milted
between and If o elect Any Information, which
will bo mwardul, may be loft with OU LVEU.
PAGE. IHA Kh A Co.,H. |.i. and 15 Desplalnos-st
PARTNERS WANTED.
ENEBUETIC M.VN
of busfiM*?A With sj.ooo. AdvorliHcr wbUioe t«i cd
largr lue city bmdnea*. 'Ton Rood man a rare c’uanco
will bo given. Address G WR, Tribune office.
Partner wanted—in a backing house
with flvßims and tools cotnnlete. CopscitT, 500
lipcn |>(r week. Apply at SO Atbcrdeen-st- U
PARTNER M ANTED—TO CIO INTO THE
cfikiTj hnJloM. la Pnnlhcm Minnesota: must
Iw PhOPfvClc noil thoronshlr posted In tho .hnslness;
amount cfGipital not Important; rvforonoos ox’
dunged. Aihln*** IT B, 3» stalest.
Partner wanted-witiT fc.ooo cAan ca"p-
Itrl mute an interest wltli an on ferp rising you nv
man who has been Syoara lu Jhe business; store art
rofrdjr to rcmmencc' btyiness Deo. I; no perishable
goods. AiUkm li C, Tribune oflloe.
TO RSMt-HOITSES.'
TO BINT—AT HARLEM, 80 MINUTES FROM
North Worts «t depot, two dwellings. HER
BERT A QUICK, 529 State*!
TO BENT—A HOUSE OP 10 ROOMS, OR TWO
parlors for business purposes, on Wabuh-ar..
near Twcmty*«ecoml'Bt Address WABASH, Tribune
office.
TO BENT—THE MARBLE FRONT HOUSE NO.
228 Mlcbigau-av., fur business or hotel purposes
The bouse contains H rooms, besides bath rooms. Hot
ami cold water in every room; It Is heated by steam;
newlv painted and-frescoed. It Is located a lew doors
south of the 'JTt niont House, and Is mlmirably arranged
/or a Club House or drst-class Restaurant.* For terms
applv on Uxo premises, No. 223 Mlchlgnnar.
TO BENT—A GOOD COTVAQB HOUSE OFSIX
rooms, pantry, and cellar, SO South Orecn-st,
corner of *J’3 for. Inquire at 152 Tyler-fit.
TO BENT—HOUSE OP 9 ROOMS, IN GOOD OR.
dcT; bam, collar, water In kltahen all good order;
eight f qtuues from depot nt Evanston. Bent, |3>pcr
month. Inquire at 123 West Madison at., in basement.
TO BENT—FOR HOUSEKEEPING, SECOND
floor 0f,237 Warren-av.; gas and water.
mo RENT—A FINE BRICK. HO USB OF TEN
X rooms, hot and cold water, ami bath and furnace,
on J.alte-ar.: choice furniture for sale at a big dlv
count. R. KENNEDY .t CO., 133 West Madison st.
TO BENT—DESIRABLE LEASE OF XSTOHY
and hasemout brick honso, 1-1 rooms, modem Im
provements; immediate possession; with or wrllhout
furniture; or will rent basement aud first floor for bus
iness purposes j 20x00feet each; terms reasonable;
location, Wahasb.ar., neurElgbtmith-aL CHA3. C.
AUSTIN. »71 Wabaah-av.
TO BENT—HOUSE OF 12 BOOMS, OR IN
separate floors, corner of Webstcr-ov. and North
Hoisted at., three miles from old Court House.
TO BENT—A FINE MARBLE-FROST HO USB
on Calunu-t av., and brick bam, at very low Oz
tiros to a party who will bur about f3.u00 worth of fur
niture, being used but a little; only those who have
the cash mid mean business need answer. TltU,
Tribune Branch oftlce, -in Wabash-av.
TO RENT—FURNISHED HOUSE—A FlßST
class residence, H rooms, hot and cold water, gas,
bath-room, closet, a good cellar, cistern, Ac.; also,
barn and carnage house complete. Will bo let to a
careful and responsible tenant, for a nvddenco only.
Apply to STORY A KINO. U> West Washington sfc
r|lO BENT—COTTA(VE HOUSE AT
X neardopot. A. T. HEMINGWAY, l>- South Ca
nal-st.
f|U> BENT—I 3 WAHPANSEH-AV., (THIRTY.
X felxth-st.l.fl 2-rtory house. 9 rooms, In complete
order, with hot and cold water and bus. No too Ellis
ar„ s iwn-.H In good order. Key at 47 Wapanseh-av.
The location is one of tho best in the city, convenient
to clmrclies and sehnols and Illinois Central train-*,
and street cars. RICHARD ALLEN, 417 Cottage
(Jruve-ar.
TO BK.NT-NOS. 1152, JUS, 1120, 1122. 1124. 112/5.
II—", nice now fiom-cs, Miehiganuv. SIMEON
MKAKS, 609 Wahasb-aT.
TO RENT—FURNISHED HOUSE. TO A SMALL
family, where tho owner and wife will Uvko hoard
for tho rent Inquire at No. 237 Burualdo-ak, between
Twentieth and Tweuty.flrst-sts.
'TO REirr—STORES, OmCES, fto.
TO RRNT-IN ST. LOUIS—LARGE S-STQRY,
doable front store. Nos. 217 ssa US North Ha la*
at, between Pine and Olivet*.; store 41x145 foot to
aßejr; lately occupied by iToMrs. Dodd. Brown Co.:
possession given January 1, 1875. Apply to J. K.
KAIMK ABROW., Real Estate Agents, kW
St Loafs, Mo.
TO RENT—A I.AROH CORNER STOUR 302
\voft Damnon-st; suitable for any business. For
particoiaru apply on premise^
TO RKNT—I) ESK ROOM IN OUR OFFICE. IGO
absf-b-av.
X Mate-st, a new one story and basement brick
bunding. the nrat tl.sir salt able for offices. The h.ve
rnent will be spacious and well lighted. Win bo ro.idr
w Ttso about November 20. Apply to BAIRD
BKA uLET.
TO RENT—PLEASANT FRONT OFFICE ON
second floor ot 391 Stale-et Apply to A. It. WING
A CO., 53U Wabash*av.
FINE 4-STORY ANO BASEMENT
Mlc* building, «nr>t feet, situated In roar of 337,
259 sod ftu Stote-st.. fronting Post. Offlce-aller, which Is
planked, and SO fool in width; suitable fora printing
office, factory, machine shop, or wurebonse. well light*
ctl in front and roar; will ho ready by the lath of Jonit*
nry.nrxt* Apply at PniMing** Vinegar Woiks, 331
R almsh ar, or 579 3ncliJgan-aT.
TO RENT—FUK BUSINESS PURPOSES. THE
2 rooms now occupied by Commercial National
Bank (possession can be had UmuLHlialolyi No. 532
Wabashar.
mo UK NT—A LARGE FRONT OFFICE, Q* CA
JL sid-bk, Boom 2.
TO RENT—ROOMS FOR OFFICES OR DESK
room, over L. B, Walker A CO., ”7 and <J9 Canal*
st. Inquire of LORI) A HADLEY, up stairs.
mo RENT-CORNER BASEMENT FOR SA-
X h*on, storage. cr manufacturing; sw.
Store and 2 ro< ms on Conlldge-st.; S3O.
Basement on Jaeksou-st.; ft;.
2 furnished looms; st2iind£X>.
Cot tap) in Village Austin; f2O. R. G. GOODWTI
LIK. Real Estate and Hoimo-Bentlng Aireut, l-C* We»t
MadlsoU.sk
TO RENT—A PLEASANT DESK ROOM. FREE
of rent hr paving fuel; floors nicely carpeted; lasv>
yers and real estate men nuod not apply. inquire at
4T4 ststo-hf.. up stairs, from 10 to 12 a. m.
TO RENT—RO OMS-
TO RENT—PART OF TWO LARGE PARLORS,
for furnishing goods or Hhirt maker, at low rent.
Addrias, or call uu ROCHE A CO., No, 2al llicld
lauar.
mo RENT—MUf.LV FURNISHED ROOM.
X without board, tiro, gas. and care, to two gentle
men. -174 West Lake-st., near Union Park,
mO RENT—THE LOWER HALF OP A HOUSE
X suitable for a small family. For particulars tu*
quire of J, M. WOODFORD, 194 West Madlson at
TO RENT—WITHOUT BOARD-FURNISHED
or unfurnished bed room. House Tuts all modem
improvements, within thxte squares of Blue Island
ay. cars. References requited. Address WA D,
Tribune office.
110 RENT—A NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
room, with use of parlor, for two gentlemen, ul lsi
South Ilolstisi-Nk, in family of two.
alO RENT—SECOND AND THIRD FLOORS A-VP
basement,-IB South DesplaJiie*., fur light merehan*
Ulse.edibulid and publishing, or blank books, etc. A.
BIDDER,
TO RENT—ROOMS, FURNISHED OR NOT; DK
sl ruble for housekeeping; also a good house. Ap.
ply uciou at KG Cottage Giwvo.gr.
HORSES Aim CASBUOra.
A HANDSOME PIANO-BOX CARRIAGE; PINE
home**. rsddfo and bridle, and a sound rix-vear
♦ddhariM*, for sale cheap for cash. Inquire at KoomS,
479 W abash av.
AflOUI) F.M KK>S Oil TEAM house koh
palo. Inquire at HOWE’S £caUv» Ofllcc, 12-5 Mirlil
pnnr.
Ixm SALK—FINE LEATHKR SHIFTING TOP
bnggy. new last April; silver-plated harm*?. and
riwytnm man', blanket, rtf., worth SoTS: will laku
Send your address to D W No. Coilare
(irovr.ftr.
I poll KALK-A C'Alt LOAD OF UIUiK IIOIWIJS
Just m-lWctt at UT. South HnUted-M.}
I7OR SALE—-10 HORSES OF ALL KINDS: MUST
ho «oM at once; will exchange a few small for largo
ojiM. M West Jackson-at.
IJtOK BAl»B—criEAP—HORSES, SECOND HAND
•tagp harness and wagons, oornur Twanty-nlnlb
and State ata. z. I. P.
Fou horses. weiduind
J.ooo to i.soo lb*., at the Omaha Stable*
comerTwenty-thlrdand SUto ata. C. WILBUR.
I JOB FiLE-A BOUnr.E.SEATED. l-fll.E
aleipn.a (irat-cUaa cutttr, and two rube*—one wolf
akin,andouobulfaio; robe* am both Hnod; will sell
cheap for rs*h. ImjMiru at 377 T hint-nr.
IJ’OR LAROK SPAN*. CALL
at. 4j-« Fnlton-st.
FOU BALK— TRAM. WacION, AND lIAUNK93;
work etoady all winter; will be sold cheap, owner
to IrATL- town. Call at UK South DL-ajdaiucs st,
170R SALE—A FINE DltiviNO HOUSE, 7
years old. ciieap for cash. Inquire of W. H. Jit I),
SON, at Tliirliuil Kdsall's, till) Statcw»t.
Horses or cauriaokh wanted in kx
chaego for a /imme and lot in Bockfonl, 111. Ad
dTCßa P. 0.10-U Kivcktonl. 111,
WANTED— A SET OF SECOND-HAND HEAVY
harness and lumber-wagon,- Call at No. 313
Btowart-ar.
WANTED— A GOOD DORSE AND COVERED
delivery wagon. Apply to PETER SMITH. 122
Blue IjJajid-ar.
WANTED-SKT BUDDY Fl!.t>i AT BIMTSOS S.
\trA2STKb—A GOOD, MOHT, UUfIOY HORSE
I T In rart oxcliAag** fur new Hinder sewing Machine,
Iwlmino cm>b. 3. \V. WILKINS. l«7 MUwaotecxvav.
MISOEUUANEOTJB.
Ai.r. poLrcT-iioLDEns ix the BEPrj*i,rc.
Jjiniar, Mutual tfecurttr. Garden Oitr, GJohe,
Htnte, Fir* man's, UermanLi, ami Homo immraaco
t-onij>anleaar«mjue*ie<ltocallat Ko, 60 West iladl
soit-f>t, upstair a.
A BUSINESS MAN WOULD INVEST 210,006
or *i*cwin an cstabtlslied meroanlllqor maunioo
business, or would join ajwrty with capital In
steraug a newentomrise. Adflress, stating netoro of
business,CONTRACT, Tribune office.
CIEMKNT PIPE CniMNKTS PUT UP FOR
<a per foot fu one or two hours, ornamtuila]
cainiDey tops, various patterns, concreting In all Us
Hrdo p k Ce
DnORCEB OBTAINED FOR DE
sorllon, ciuelty, Ac, Feo after decree. Scandal
bS'iS Hsllt rwus’ experience. Addtess P. O
ROOFING—EVERY INTKLLT
Cent man know* that thl* material In t!r**-vroof.
i.rllcrs putcut weruobialnjMl iM fou-uio fin*, by auartv
who fa too poor to manufacture It. Tho attention of
ciipiLdlKto in liivlbnl i<> this Invention. P. A- BROWN
R00m,% No. ,176 Stato-*t.
INSURANCE-! Ail BUYING FOR CASu'vD.
Jnete«li chdiuiii against the Republic Insurance Com
patiy. It. tOlVlhii, in. 11 South Canal-st.
M.NELSON. DRESSMAKER, PROM
vSitnvSt°* U loeatoa attt Warren-ar., near
REAL ESTATE MAPS—A STRTOVLT FlßST
rise-* dmnsl.umnn. of large practice In the citr. Lh
mo i nu, ni, rt
T h *J5 1 CASH PRICE PAID FOR OLD
!**>lt* and libraries. Call or address the Cheap*
itook btore, CHAPIN A CO., 552 Wabaah-nr. P
xy ANTED—CAST OFF CLOTHING, WATCHKH,
lu «V pistols, musical ln-tru
monte, old coins, entireties, relics, furniture. bod
goods, etc. Cosh paid at BART LETT'S, Si
mi laxeit.
*T^ANTED—CAST-OFF CLOTHING, OLD HOLD
!j *Uvor, watches, diamond*. Jewelry, guns,
v b paW
'ttrANTKD-JJtHOBEKS GOING TO ST. LOCIS
X <ah hare tickets for $7. Apply nt2JO West Kaa
dolph pt., ip the cigar store.
WANTED —STRNCIL CUTTERS TO KNOW
that we make the best and eheapsal atenell
world. Address. U. 8. HAND
FACTLRIN O CO., 97 West Dombard-st., BalUmore.
WANTED— COBY OP DATDV TRIBUNE FOR
£eyt.C2.l&n. Address JK T, Tribune office.
WANTED-KVEBY TEAMSTER IN THE CTTY
to go lo CLEMENT SATRIfS. 280 Milwaukee
av. and buy an army overcoat.
CIQfTP; A MONTH, EXPENSES TAID-MALK
vyj U or female agents; horse and ontat fun
fTM. AaitS
TO LEASE.
TO I.KAMI-I—FOR A TERM OP TEARS. A I. ARO R
lirlck rt'.Uit-nc-v with 51 room a aoltablo fop a lirnt!
cl«K« rriv.to Imti-l or club lioiuo, tosolhor with .MOroot
of (.ToiiudToom. lorgo ircos lmmlwma thrahhorr. cto
Thoahcvol. cpntr.lly located at -ns VToot W.ahlii,
tcn-H.. frtiming Union Fork. Apply on pr?mfe'
H-irSonStl Si!i
C. 8. WALLER, 62 West
T°A KAS^’'i i lOUNI) IN JACKSON AND
Doarborn-sts, on
mug time., J. 8. OQUI.D, Wnbash-av.
OOIk VAN RUUEN AND
AciftikuU.; 10 years.
40 ft on Stato-st. near Jackson; 7 year*.
7 5 x $L f l; wr *s, A «a»a am.; x> yeonu
<OiW7 ft, on Wella tt. aear Polk; 10 yeara.
WJt. QARNKTr, <OS SUto at.
WAHTED-MAUB HECP
BHsecUnneeca*
■CtTANTED—A BOV BETWBB3T U AWD 1«
jear« oM, la a bat and furnishing goods store;
ere that understands the business and resides with
bla parents. Inquire immediately at 164 Sloelaland*ar.
’TOTANTED-PINKBY HANDS TO GO OUT TO
dnj; free fare. laborers to go South; cheap
ticket* Month. E. A. ANOKiL, 21 West Randolph-at.
men for pineries, to leave
by etcamboat; zrt) railroad men /or the
£^ir«n^. i 4 o ty Motion work at a) cents per yanl;
families. Apply at iat West Indiana at,
T4TAKTEp~AN ERRAND HOY ABOUT 120R1I
fUsdtiUUoit 60 n,Ubt have good references. Apply
WiNTEP-10 MORE GOOD LARORKIW TO GO
South; last shipment on present ordor. Call earl v
at m •West BapduipVst., wp stairs. c 7
WANTED— A GOOD HOSTLER, AT M WEST
Jackaon-wt., Immediately.
-rtTANTED-A JfAN WHO IS ACCUSTOiCED TO
V* working in store, to aa*isi lit poking oysters;
ono acquainted with the business preferred. Jnualro
at 1). D. MALLORY CO’S Great Western Oyster
Depot, 114 West lUndnlph-sh
WANTED— THIS DA A” 50 MEN FOR THE PIN*
Cries: clKijipers, teamsters. ,tc: Also Itt) farm
hands, nnarry Lands, Ac. Cheap tickets sold for tho
South at EMPLOYMENT HEADQUARTERS,
Boom 3} Lind's Block, Randolph-st.Bridge.
•WANTED—:HOY H TO M YEARS old to do
tv chores for privates family, living 25 miles luc-mu*
trv, for hii* Iwwml. Apply at Room 4. 31 A 36 South
CanalAt, between 11 turn 13 o’clock to-day. K H p.
*WANTED MEN TO CALL AND EXAMINE
V T our new corn shelter: shells 6 Imshels per hour; re.
tails ft-r SI 50; £xo per mouth easily cleared: no charge
for right* KIMBALL <fc CO., IS3 West Mailisou-aL,
JUn'tn J‘J.
•riTANTED—AN AJfERICAN BOY FROM 16 TO
IT 30years’ old, to uke caro of horses and cow. and
do general work about tho houae. Apply at office of
D. COLK»fe.«ON, lf>B West Madteou-st.
Bookkeepers, dorks, &e*
TI7ANTED—A FIRST-CLASS DOUBLE ENTRY
ft bookkeeper and salesman. Address WHOLE.
PAL^HARDWARE, P. O. Box 1716, Bk Joseph, Mo,
ANTED—A DRUG CLERK AT MW STATE-
w ANTED-BEFORE 9 A. M. TOD AY. A YOUNG
tt man having some experience in tho grocery busi
ness. Apply at SIMPSON’ft, 1371 Hnlgtea-at.
’WTANTED—OYSTER CAN SOLDERERS. AP*
V V ply at once. N OHTON A FANCURR. «3 and 65
South Canal-st.
irerANTED—2S CLOTHING CUTTERS. APPLY
11 atSSSMlchlgun-av., HatnrAxy, Nut. f.th,trora
9n. n. to 12. CLAYBUUQU, EINSTEIN 4s CO.
XgrANTKD—2S GOOD COLLAR MAKERSANDI3
VV young men 16 to 20 years old, by O. UIRaCTt.
ooipcr ot W Ood-st. and EWon-rvad.
WANTED-MAK TO I, UN HASH AND DOOR
11 machinery. One that cvm keep macUiaery In
order. Also, a llrat-claM sa*h and b! nd maker. Mar
ried menpreferred. Address,with reforeneo.wages.
Ac., HODGE* CO., Wenoca, HL
*\VTANTED THREE SHOEMAKERS, AT (AO
T i West Lake-st. Steady employment.
TTTAjrnSD TWO GOOD ROOT AND SUOS
maker*, at GEORGE HARRIS', 3S J West Modi-
SOU'St.
TV ANTED—TIX AND BL.VT* ROOFERS. IB OX
Tv cornice men, and gensral Job (workers. A.
KNISELKY <fc CO., 72 and 7T West Xoaroe-st,
TSTA»T£IJ-J*Al*£B UHLER. APPLY ANY
TV tune this week. SPALDING A CO., 10) South
Canal-st.
t^antVd—a good
TT miles out of the city. Address JB. Tribune of
lice.
*\\T ANTED—IMMEDIATELY, TWO OH THREE
good blacksmiths. Apply to U. IT. SUEU
t\ OOI;, 103 South Canal at.
TVTANTE!) —IMMEDIATELY.'Vi FI RAT CLASS
TT bricklayersutDlandSd South ClVnttm-st, Highest
price* paid.
TTAiNTEt)- FINISHER. APPLY TO J.
fclTirs** West Wa*Ulngtoa-sL, up
WANTED-BOYS (THOSE USED TO THE
.D business) to lath two houses. Apply to DAVID
WILLIAM?*, 210 West Randofpb-at.
\Vf AX'FKh—A <;oOD TEAMSTER. Al'l’LT AT
TV Z.V, South Jlalstedst,
\s ANTfcD-AN AMERICAN MACHINIST;
»u.e fully competent to adjust and ronair sewing
nnchircs, and lake charge of adjuring r*ran a* fori
man;noet but czpeilenced parties need apply. Ad.
»li»-s.s MACHINIST. Tribune ©dice.
ANTED—FiIIST-CLASS ENGRAVER TO
TV rml part of vrindow till Jamum. In bestloca
tion on Wot side. AiMre.se UH W, Tribune oiiico.
\r anted- jobbing jeweller, or WATCH
TT mal»« r who can make or repair jewelry and will,
lug. to accent n midcrate sal.ivy. Nemo but »u
tn'iic>t. rellanlo workman ne'ed apply. Address,
giving mn\ salary relorence, A. R. RUATI’IN
GJve jivastlc, Jml.
w ANTED-2 T.AI’l f» C'GSfI'OSrTORS. IMSfE
TT (liutiiy, at thoWeekly Thonix office, 52 \Vcs» >fad
ison.st. Pay, ecu is jwr I,o*A>.
\Y A *T>^'kd-at"th k ti'voli”Vau! y:vr'Hhh
TT Most TwcliltiAl., coiner uf Waller, oac plouu
player. 1
r ANTED—A YOCNG LAD TO LEARN THE
V I watchmaker's irado; best of references reoutrod.
Imiulre at 13) btnto-Ht.. up stulrs. limn 10 i ]2 u. m.
”Y\T ANTED—A GIRL TO DO SECOND WORK
n ;cl hr Ip to tiikc cart of baby. Apply at 211 West
Washington «t.
VITANTED-AT X>t WEST MAUfsON-sT A
hirl tocTo general bojiMiwork in a small family
Call after bn. nt.
W A^\TFPV 5 TISNEBR-RY ATHERTON
T* W EAI Lit, AM West 3f. )dlson*.«t.
WANT Ell—2*7)ll I FLASTERKIIS.Ft JOR KOR
TI the 1 .’Hire whiter. Good workmun only will an.
Ply tn GEORGE O. GAiIN&EY, Architect. -IT3
WubaslMiv.
WANTED—VESTAU: HELP.
SUseellaneattH,
\irANTKD-SALEfi>I*ADY. APPLY AT TUB
„V .r«ttem rooms of E. DCTTBHICK A CO- 310
Wc»*l SfacUson-st.
DomctHw,
WANTED —A COarPETRNT GIRL TO DO OKN.
end hoiuowork. Apply lor two days at SM fn.
timna nv.
WAKTED-OMMKI>IAThLV. A dO»)l> 01111,
»or pcnrral huunovTurk at tH* West WushingUm-at.
*ti t antei>-a cooi) cook7*u'Askku7Tvxß
I 1 1 11 l l r r V v f l an or Herman preferred. Apply
RtrsnWcfit UuntlolpU-sL
WASTEU-A Itoof) WOMAN IN A nOAKDIKO.
lionso. Call at 1M JSortU iiesplaliiea-^t.
TV’ANTKU—A YOUNG OIJU* TO UKLPT\KJ3
s!.mi"or? C n-e't br 1 i kc f or <»V»™
’\V*\ t 5.7 1 a I w AT 1,52 VJ tAIIUE AV A COSfJ*K.
f T (cut girl fop plural Uouhtwork; English or Got
roan; om» whonnderstanilaEnglish preferred.
x»r.vJiT£n~A nooi> giiu, to do iiocsif.
IT u family. A permanent
Cali atari South
waktkd-a «non coo*. warhhrTavu
It Doner; also a boy to do chores, at.llT Wojl Wash-
U)kU)Z) hi.
TVAXTKn-AX EXPEICIKXCED Oltll. TO
ann cl l‘ tAl£o raro of children. Apply nt l*A>| Inilj.
TVANTEH-A GOOD f?FCOXD OIRL.ONE WHO
muler.-taurtrt her bunine** U ml eon coins well
rcconiiiiimtnl. 42 South May-.it.
WANTKD-AN EXPERIENCED SWEDB OR
i» Leni.yu girl to tin general linu*ewnrk at Ken*
•wtsotl. «m Lnke-nv., r.vav Fmtv.aixtii-td. wagei
Rlvttt. Apply to-day, between U and. 4 o'clock. at
lit* incumts-av.
WANTED—A GOOD (URL IN A FAMILV OF
1 XJ 5 QII V wll c n b* U» with the cure of a baby. Call
at27T Sonin Morgan-st.
\VANTED-eiBL TO Do UKNKHAL JIOL’SE.
TT work; CJcmrnn or Scandinavian prefcm>d, An.
ply at No. 3 Groveluml Park, opposite Chicago Um
vcialty.
WANTED—GOOD WAGES WILL BE PAID TO
T f u young German idrl m do homework at No. 7
Culmncl-av., mar Twentleth-aL
Seamstresses,
TTTANTED—MTCFF LINERS, rm GLOVE MA
f T kern, and for sowers at as Statist. I. HHUZOO.
.TV-ANTED—GOOD SuThT 11A N dTON Wfl RR.
lrr&Wilsonntacliinesat SIIEUiIANCO.’d.
basement 123 Vest Murtl.iun-st.
EINAWCIAIi.
pOMUEECTAT. AND REAL ESTATE PAPER
V-purchanotl. K. l. CANFIELD. 74 South Cllnton-at.
•piHANCIAL-IXIANH NEGOTIATED. COM.
X niorcfsl and Real Estate papers boncht Money
loaned on warehouse receipts. D. J. lakk, u s«nth
CUnton-st.
For sale—\Ein cheap—m shares op
Chicago Couerrto Pavir g CotniKUir*s 8to«;k A drat
class Invfatnifci.t- F. A. URAUO CO.. 46 Uarri-
Ron-st.
Monet to loan on diamonds, watches.
piano., ana oHier raluabi. porananl proiMrir- Uie
aamolHinabt. TCNNICLIVT. m .Woil jackian-at..
formerly 13J Dearliotaat.
>'TED-?.1,TO1 FOU 5 VEALS ON INSIDE
iniprovert property; will pari percent nail I per
cent coimiikwdrn. A«ld»v»»s<: D. Tribune o*»i e.
MAOHIXtIKY.
A MLB' ENGINES, POBTABCK S TO fO-HOBSB
power: thre&hlng. 8 and 10-hotM t dtoalac uv
n aheUow, beltta*.
etA COLLIN B EATOIs Agent, TO South Caoal-et.
BLANDT3 BTATI ON AR T AXD PORTABLE
online* cud sawmills, DAnlela <fe Woodworth's
pinners, Ruh tinker and monlder, shaping machines
ui^rOftlngmachine*, 36 Caual-at, if. w. NORTH.
kop, Agent.
I4tXOINEI.ATJTEB.IROX PLANERS. URIELS
us vulto u n «t erß TwL,t Dlill9, at w jambs a cal
FORSALE-6TEASI ENGINES AND BOILKRS
of all slroi, new and secend'bamC portable and
aroUnDary. W. MCGREGOR, No. a South (Snil-at
BALE—AXOT OP BKCONDHAND WOOD
working maclilnerr, consisting of Daniel jk Wood
worth s planing machine, Smith's moulder, tenoning
mid morticin" machine. Gate's Jig saw. and olrenlS
saw, bench, with saws and emery grinder, shafting
ptUJcys, etc.; also a lot of second-hand belt!
S DEFACERS. PLANER AND MATOiIDR MA
?e^^TCrs auvl Wood Lathes, at thema
nunery depot of U .a. JAMES A CO., ltd FuUnn-stT
S A mH. A u D uS?,?. K MACHUfEBT-XFtTu, LINE
113 Fnl»n. l a i. K^Ul n i w LIMES A CO..
LARGE stock ox hand
at 113 Fnlten-sL IV. A. JAMES i CO.
TSJ?m£?js? R r.9r atjbst-olass plorb
sted af r haw all porhut, *lta-
FOR SALE.
FOUBALE t3 x W DBY CIGABB FOB SALE BY
K. J. KEASEY, MS SWKwit.
■poß BAI.E-CnEAP-SHEI.VUtO AND COON
ters, saJlaMe fora dry goods and clothlagstora.
Apply to J. L. HQEBBHB. 2& West Twelftb-st
I7OR SAXE—BRICKS t BRICKS M—300.000 FRONT
and hard bricks, for sale cheap. Inquire 134 Weal
BtOJolph-ht.
E7OR SALE—FIRKINS OF GOOD BUTTBR.
Inquire at Eagle Hotel.
FOR SALE—RENDERING KETTLES—I lORRL.
kettle, 1 4 brLketlle. As good as new. Inquire
at 53C Archer-ar. Qhichgo.
For sale—ioo,«o brick, euiTAm.E for
Iron In. at i«*r l.rco. D. t». HAMILTON A
CO ,-teaW'ttbaah-ar,
MTJSXCAIi XNSTKTXMENTS,
170 V. SALE-A NEW. PIANO, OF SUPEKIOR
“'I' 1 <lnj«b, «lw A B«'onrt*h.mA qua at a bur
Alin lor cat.b. ApjAv nl A~.,Twcn'7.tainl at
ta
BnUATIOHB WAJTPEB-if&j^
www /ww 3*s*cnnmii^^
situation wanted—whbrh r oav
O lodging and meals by thecareoflinwi
work, morning ami evening. Best n! reference**
drew APPRENTICE, South Ada-at 00 ea U
SITUATION WASTED—AS NUIISK~nrTJ'^
perlenced male. Address PO S, Tribune offlcj*
Bottfeieepwi, Clerks, &e
SITUATION WANTED-BT A TOCNO v.
who haa been employed the pact 5 raara
keeper In a wholesale grocery store ol u>ii "2*
in the same capacity, lieat of reference film's
ph»yer. ArtddresaZ, Trlbonoofflce. t*.
SITUATION WANTED—AS SOAP i
by a young man acquainted with the retail trTiii
Chicago. Can furnish the beet ol references. WZ*
MEL, Tribune Office.
SITUATION tVANTED—A SALESMAN \VttTTu i
arciualntcil with the grocery tra.Jp, Lkj:i,
sole anil retail, l« c blcago wants a position;
Artt-tlassrdcrencwi. AddressDPP.w p*tk \r,
SituatiolnVantkd-rya good jinnix^
man; tlx years* experience in drrK»*U
nn<l shotH, etc. Pest of telorcnces. Address ha rb=
MAN, Tribune office. ALBS
SIT U ATI ON WANTED —BY AN ATrfnF?
cntrgpfjo yotmp man. as clerk In drmr ormt’
wUn a contractor, or wmio commission house; La. O
good cxvit’./'vccla rhe latter. and would give *Jtj?
gjJJon la any capacity. Address A. IL if, TrtbSJ
Situation v/anted-cy A VOt-Nt; 71V
In a wholesale Lnuso (grocery preferred) a* *jW
or entry dork. Address R.TnlimJ
SITUATION WANTED A
cenry. a* salesman or by S
tent man. Salary no object. En:plormmit tha
Address MC H, Tribune office. jmoat Vii ag.
Coachmen.
SITUATION WANTED —BY A D\NP i«,
coachman. In a orivofo family. I am wiufn-
do all work required about the house;
thcbtiftitws of veterinary burgeon. A*Hre« j i
Tribune office.
JSITtrATIOWS WABTE»-rEHA£s
Oils ecllan eons*
SITUATION WANTED-FOR A YOUNf; r.ADy
a« derk inn store or InafirsLcloss American
Best city references can be given. (Jail al 374 Wm
Wadisou-sl,
oeae«tfc«.
Situations wanted—by two compbtsnt
women, one to cook, wash and Iron, the other tola
general hous? work, In a private family. Ap»hr at 4a
tetote-sf., ia rear.
Situation wanted—as cook: in a phi
vute family. Apply at No. 2W North Grsoa-at.
boiw i en Fouj th and rio-^ts.
SITUATION WANTED—AS A. FIRST-CLAks
rook, washer, and Ironer, or to do hntteevrork. In a
small family. Gocd references. Apply at 367 Foonh.
»v., for two days.
Unmekeepen*
Situation wanted—fob a widow *3
hot!st ketper in a sn.iill family. Best of reference
given. Addre** Box 55S pond do Lac. Wisconsin.
AGETTT3 WAKTBD.
Agents wanted-fob tic* history o?
the War In Europe. It contains over 160 fiao eo.
EfttVinpiof Baflo Scenes and incidents in tbs War
and Is lie'only full, authentic and official history of
that great ceuUlct A grata are meeting with nanrs.
pedentcd success, selling from 20 to ao copies per »lar
ardit Ii published la both English and German.
Onnoti— lufetior histories aro being circulated Se*
that the brok yon bny contains iso flue engravings and
*V,P?C C s ud fur circulars and see war terras, ami a
Ml description of the work. Address NATIONAL
PUBLISHING CO., Ifll West Madison-st, CkicaeoL
Illinois.
AGENTS WANTED—DII. GOOPSI'EEJTS HlS
tory of Chicago and the Great Eire Is wanted by
every y«-ri«*r. interested in Chicago. Pn»sw*ctus Bo**c
and Outfit free. The most rapid selling bosk in Aioer
3. W. GOODSPEED, 01 South Carpcnter-et. Ciai-
Agents wanted throughout the
NoUliwcht to canvass for several new book*.
Amen" tiu,m is Wm. Cnllcn Bryant's Library of Poev
p’and Ponp. 1,.A) poemn from nearly KM am hors, the
hot selection over published, new edition. revised, In
moved. and tally illustrated. Twenty editions called
x o^ftttS W l,t iio" v S r^ lx 1,t,, s ni for circalaS
MOShs tv a KRr.N,IA \V eat Raudol^h-st-Chicago.liL
Agents tv an ted—jio to firs a day easily
made, on small capital, with ©nr groat household
article. 50 cent samples free. Address with staaxo.
A. hAI, —0 M cat Randolph-* t, Chicago.
Agents vustbd-tub harvestof fxrjs*
j.teo men wanted to nil Cmm’s thrmiagplrtur© of
Chicago In iiamcs;pric«s7p*rhnodred. Rortfcscinnr
poniplete history of the great conJlagratlua. erabaT.
limed with maps and pictures, *26 period Bcstiine
of goody for agents in America. Ssndfnr circular.
GKO, i. (TRaM. &1 West Lnke-st-Chicago.
Agents wanted sis to xr a day. i»
overy county in the Onltod States, tofenl a newly
Sabcntvd artlme of great ntility and abaolntolr needed
every household. For tarrher partienlars adds>.s
PA N Y, Cleveland, O.
Agents wanted-4i*c AaroNTHi emplot
meutl Extra h.dcosurenta; A premium hois*
and watr.rn tor agents. Wo dealio to employ ageuta
for a term of seven years to eeH the Buckeye sb)S]>ct
tfusovrtiicataehjiin. It makes a stitch alik« oa both
*idc», and is the beat low-priced Mceuscdnmchine la
sir.oiS: W-CimiUr.4
AGPNTS WaNTKD-510 PKK DAT CAN RE
mndtt by either e«s vrith my cow arUrlwi. Bam
pii e fiet. c. M, LINING TON, OI West
dutago.
AGEN7.S W ANTfci.'—SAITFEKS FREE-MET
mid women, with fs to capital, can clear STS
wrrlJr tho i>rttvnt winter, with our goods. A. RAY.
210 Weal 11.-U Uidpb-sL. Chioa^u.
A GENTS WANTED—TOR “OfItCAGO AND ITS
D^t>UucU«iu t a full amt complete history of CUU
cage. Per na-»t. present, mnl future: wlUi graphio
An m‘s. ini iilnu*' and full details of tho dhasmr, hy
S*fc*‘^KPi p aml Janies \V. Bhcahan, editors «C
1 he Chitf«Bn inbuilt. With over 400 nagea, nnd 30
Hluidiiuicns. 11 Is cow read v for delivery. MeuJM
oreidutaml ehuico of turrilory. Address CNION
1 IPMSUINU co.. Chicago, ift.
BBSUTESS CSLiNCES
A M S K ItAJ!T Pi f,i:BJ s« milt, ik titkcitt
of lUcDealNills, MlnneiiulA, In nun. :enoo of
mo recent rtentli of one of ttio owners. 1. oiVerei foe
a <>r eichenge for cltr rroiiertj-. Tho Mill on tone
nm of four-fivot burrs, ami Is in perfect order. The
htiriiieas ts n«»w. mid has always been, hlahlr romnn-w.
atiTi*. the uiannsbeing well-known, very popular, and
meetjiig a ready sale In ail Eastern markets. f« f.«r.
tiler tniormanou addrvss If. B. HANCOCK, Mlan.-ay
oils, Minn.
A WOOLLEN ITILL, WITH M.\cniN»UV COM
and In miming order. for *nle. Will sell at a
bargain. Inquire of tvy. MlL&Blt, iTiaoKoa, 111.
AIIAJ.F JWTEitJMT WILL UK 01VR5T0A
pH.u iHiMUcsrt partner in a ilntf-Wa** rritanrant:
fcLUMv.irreipU; >Un> i» doijhio all
rot tbejittu-cttipU one day.in seTuii, at tt»i South
btativrif.
A K OLI I AN V. El.f. ESTABLISHED DUDS
at«?r*\ doing a largo busings, In «*o of bent looU-
UvsuubTlK forraio. A spl.-n.Hd npportcuily. In
ijuhv of t.IthKNE IHc.»."•»>, aWornt'j-rf,
Kul>l.anl court. J
B ia ‘FM f i I FOU PA!.:!-rp'.vr.Cr,A.SS, OLD
ihtabllsho.l, tuauUmi itxtuico, well Mooted ant
stock, iloiuir a rirsl-rar*? rash lonr
lease; linualtb cause id wile. Adilroea iIiSUCALPS
CO., I’tkln, lIL
X?°?
SALK CHEAP— A NICE NEW iISAT
rjmrxef, ot the atore to rent toe other purpose:
•tfcd&t t Il1(luIro 0u ,iso premises, 353 booth Ual-
KENJVCpZZJOfS' HOTEL, OMA
h», Nebraska; best hotel west of Chicago; con
i««na ,0 looms; pOiwcaMnn November I. For nrrtie
nUia. Urrna, etc.. atMTwa SKTU W. HALS 2* iirovl
af., New i f.rk. or GEO. P. BhMIS, Omaha, Nebnwka-
HALF- INTEREST IN A FIRST-* *L VSS JIICS.
"I’,'"'"'™ roomtllrno i«£thS
!,t Mn-lm™ lanto anil raplUir Inornidne:
"ia.£n'*™Vto,f,i’ r to KUJJI -VH,'.t “S Wit
TO TRKtVEIW-KARE CHANGE TO
XI prate money. For saio, rent er lease ou goodai-d
favorableterm* In thecity of Now OrleanstheiraS
known Zeclly’s City Brewerr. with m SSScBw hS
P®.® attached. situated at tha comet of Miuraaijic sed
DeUird-st«., right In tbicltr. ~TJfo bnitA.
ill? for the bu&lneas, amt Is a £d»
brick hpildi u<r, and in oompTete order, machinery and
A plan of the brewery can ho seemmut
alepfurtherAndmoresatlsfiictorr lafora.atlonoasM
hud by Blipljing to E. A. MXLLEat, Mosey Order Da>
partmmt, Toft Offlco, Chicago, HL 9 u
«ECUKEB iE\LVXNTJ:JIB«T INDRSI
i or’S'Uh:;l.oooMock- Clears J:>x>moulk
iujem" bonu3 t)rilirtllur capital. No. CGJ Stabo-at,
WANTED TO RENT.
State and north of TvcntT.Blxih.BL
ggssat 4 s°t I jLss!;i|?.ii Ui<!
Bkla Tkreata
W J i,uJ E i I ir TO KENT—^TUBES Olt FOtm FUR-
Aaan«,wu.
WANTED— TO RENT—BASEMENT OK PART
.5 r *Sf’i 0 tJ ,or K 0,1 Wcst n, ar «tu-
TnhhS ofli?t yi)e elK>t A,Wre ii-VSHMiaT.
V\TANTLI>-TO KENT—D NT IL MAY, A HOOD
’'yell fnrnl.sln-1. M between
St t' rt t 11U1 Liitit‘l L ril .o. W3L GAILVEIT, MB
T\rANTKD_TO KENT—3 UNFUSNISIIKO
roomi. snltablo for lionseVecping fur 3 fn LunUv.
Address J 3f C. Tribune office.
X*JAyTBD—ro REXT-nV A FAMILY OPS. A
f» furrlshed hotse nf 6or?< nK»ms. t,>st of State and
north uf Thirtk wonMimr rent to tot Afar ia
advance. AdtlreHSllJ,Tribuneofllpfe J
Tra7ANTED—TO KENT—A STORE. OR PART OF
wsorc.ta go«nU«CHtinn. for hvlies’ fancy snods.
u\ w KanColphStlS
WANTED TO RENT—N ORTH SIBB BRILM
em—A email store, suitable for agrooerr »nA
prorMon store, between the rßer and Chicago-av
Bent rum* be moderate. UROCEP, Booth B*C
Tvanted-to rent—a praxis urd horsb
cr ten nr more rooms east of mion Park or
AtUltcaa Immediately;
AbTON. Tribune ofllce.
TtrANTED—TO RENT—A COTTA OK ON WEST
hide, on reasons Mo term*, by a cowl tenant. Ad
drees ANTHONY, Tribaue ofllce.
TX/'ANTED—TO RENT—I WANT A HORSE OR
r T cottage, or wart of ahoane. furnished oruut. or wQ
buy furniture, to a good locality near t» SW«
umall family. Call ur ad.lree* BOUBB9. iw
Bomb Cflnal-st., fosrth door.
TtTANTED—TORENT—UNFURNISHED ROOIC
,51 north of Sistcenth-sL- flOper moatli. inakta «s
limits. Address 4Gb Micldgan-av.
PERSONAL.
Infoumation wasted—of job svtbpft
enson by bis father. IIeL»» telegraph onernfeip
chontß.’ years old. dark hair, near nix feet high. iZZ*
heard from ho wan at Lafarette, Ind.. hut imZ*
Address JOHN STEPHENSON, Urbana.Dh».
PERSONAL —IF THE PARTY WHO WSRg
e« en to take a Wheeler Wilson machine
350.2J7 fr»>m the vacant lot, next Ml No*th ClarfcrLit
will return it to B. K. COWLES. IndUnaar *s™
tTOl!?I^ Will andd /iSSS
PERSONAL-W.!.!, E. PiOAS, PLHASS "adl
ToaT bTb. vil
?rtbSKSsi?^~ ,stnß WHiIE rt
bKItSOHAI 3IBS, KTT lIiLSRt xpit t
HffFOUJtATIOJT CONCERN
-77, tJuUlatX X lvhuli SlMUlk uh.i linl
lliJv rw.Rlli J? rc ly n hl! YorU SlitA wtn bo Ibuk
&SS?n,£ r l roth n- shanc.
T >E s P l A^rir T,fE fbrson who, on oct.
,^JX*irwntl, pw,t Otßce a letter for WRlla*
check inside. wIU retnrn U U> 33 SohooPaL,
HwOtjul to will confer a favor.
HOUSEHOLD SOODST
Foe. “jii-a fixe mahogany parlor
BCt, rery loqnlro at 3>» Went aionroeat.
NTKI) COOKING AND ItMATINO
<T atorea, rablcet fundt’.re, or othtr geod
peraouat pb'p l rty. In» fi>reh««»p lot-i. and will
Civu r&zuu cosh. Audrey J 'A' 11, Ttibuuo ufioe.
1