CHE FIELD AND STABLE.
M Cow«-Some of the Principal
Cue* of Abortion Hare
:spiZ e urX!r ,n er FOOd COTe d
From Oar Special Correspondent.
Champaign, iil, Doc. 8.
c ABOHTIOX I2s COWS.
St- has been -written on the above sub
bm the lastiive or six years, in' the
.oral papers of tbe country. A great
complaints are heard from almost
Sorter, especially from dairy-dis
tnets. Many, sometimes very absurd, reme
dies Lave been recommended; and a great
Tanety of probable and improbable influ
enceo,—in short, almost everything that
"'issudj- Can interfere with tbe health of a
omettic animal,—has been accused as a
auso of abortion. Some writers wont so far
I- ..cease chimerical agencies verging on
itc.‘craft, liven W. Yonatt, who was one
the most learned and intelligent veteri
ariat.s of England although denying tbe
existence of a contagion, was inclined to
accuse sympathetic inllnencos.
Sti. tbe possible cause j of abortion are
many—too many to enumerate them all in a
short article like this; therefore we will at
.present pay onr attention only to tho princi
pal and most frequent ones. It has been ob
served that cases of abortion have become
more frequent during the last live to ten
Teai s e specially in dairy districts, than they
have been before. If these observations are
correct wo can give no reason Wll3* they
should not be—-what can be the cause It is
o\ ideut that it must be either something
that has not existed before, or that has not
Ueeu as frequent in former times as it is now,
lx l s 8t hndingthe causes in
something that is extraordinary and far off.
and do not overlook what is near by, plain,
simple, and natural, or allow our imagina
tion to run away with our better judgement,
but take facts just as they present them
selves.it cannot be so very difficult to explain
id to account for the increasing frequency
cases of abortion. But, first, we wiiiineu
nn
somk or mi-: principal causes.
ncmal violence, causing direct injuries
ae womb or to the feutus; sudden fright
real excitement; extraordinary or violent
■cular exertion; sudden changes of the
especially from light to heavy and ex
cly nutritious: damaged and mouldy
i-; food mixed with acrid plants or resin-
for instance, sprouts of
f .;j ions trees or shrubs,—or food which
n ns ergot of rye, ur consists partially of
b oil cakes, or of clover from Helds that
ieen manured too late m the season
th« -ulpbate of lime (plaster of Paris), a
-■£&lu«ed use of drinking watet which con-
Vgoteoo large a quantity of mineral
'an o especially of iron; an irrational
■ho* and diuretic medicines; and
*w. many other injurious influences,
;r°MJt*V:cused of causing abortion. Beside
-n-nzaec'e agencies, abortion can also be
•aajer i by various diseases: for instance,
a p,- been frequently ooserved that
oeiug with calf have aborted
.iflenug from plcuro-pneumonia. or
lon senses that have their seat in the
nan- membranes,—catarrhal iiillamma
ndopu the latter, especially, abortion is
•wci-ut occurrence. Still, all those causes
agencies combined, probably,
it,m* induce as many cases of abortion in
“""‘■catarrhal affections of the mucous
Dem 0 f the uterus itself, and the ab
queL rcssure of a bloated stomach, either
:«gair upon the pregnant womb, or upon
a 6 60tl‘ the abdominal cavity,
Q ,_ consequence of that pressure, dis
*c -and interruption in the free circu
wiK-n blood. Therefore, wo have to
amou te what may be able to produce
:atliop.rrhal affections of the uterus, and
tu«D, yhe The most frequent causes of
us, or bloating. The other causes
\on enumerated above, pleuro-pneu
Xlr excepted, occur about as often
year as in another; their
for-A *j s jnore OT accidental;
the i.r the sam 6 cannot- contribute,
•£om not essentially, toward tbe increase
.mr-n equeucy of cases of abortion: but,
tcrc y tympanitis and catarrh of the
may, provided the causes of those
s have become more frequent during
11:1 1 decennium.
ani-ASES OF ABOP.TION HAVE INCREASED
T.-r IN FREQUENCY.
IheJff the last live to ten years, much
y-.Qi->niion has been paid to the dairy
sTnv? han before. Ways and means have
ei,l *ud to increase the net pro tit* either
a c ;t Vi -Tig the expenses, or by increasing
liagw’.cts: Therefore, the keeping of the
,--vlec*tfcL'eeu more and more deviated from
lican& prescribed by nature, and bas be
'^olav'* lore artiHcial than it used to be.
Ina* t dairies, tbe food given to the cows
I. iAJsO*- v,vunUlt.ui-cvl, till dally proparod,
Hoi>r adverse to the nature of the ani
♦-.wton iat tbe unimpaired instinct of a wild
v Ke ruminating animal would reject it
her. But it is in the interest of
.ryuian. to subdue that instinct, and
tiie -v'liis cows with such provender
ATaß\e least expense, will produce the
Call 5 yield of milk. An abnormally in
-v secretion of milk, however, has a
.1 tendency of weakening the constitu
and such food and such a mode of
jigas are able to increase the produc
ts 1 milk—and that is what a dairyman
*—necessarily increase also the How of
the other sexual organs, especially
jetmant uterus, but do not invigorate
me;“on The contrary, they have a ten
.c to weaken and to relax the whole
-v n. Such food, but especially when the
bas been artificially prepared, uotwith
ding that the animal may have a sleek
M and be in a first-rate condition, forob
reasons exerts its iuHnence, first and
.ove all. upon the digestive organs them-
Ives, which soon will be so much
eakeued as to be unable to digest
.ythiug else. Hence, when it happens,
a*dt*r such circumstances, that a cow, which
with calf has to, or docs, eat food" that
ould demand tbe full digestive powers of a
vigorous stomach, the consequences will
hobn appear; the digestion will be interrupt
ed, chemical decomposition of the food un
controlled by the digestive organs will set
in, and the developing gases will bloat the
Mumach and the intestines. Although such
on interruption of the digestion and its next
consequences may have no serious influence
upon the normal development of the foetus
in a hardv and vigorous animal, they fre
quently will iu an animal with a weakened
~onstitution. especially in one which the
ow of blood to the sexual organs bas been
•normally increased, and which those or
ris themselves are in a relaxed condition
d in a state of turgescence.
FOOD COVERED WITH HOAR-FROST.
Among all food that is heavy for the
teniac-IT, or has a tendency’ to interrupt the
finest ion, audto produce tympanitis, sued
sis covered with hoar-frost, oris mixed
•'th ice or snow, has to he considered as tbe
most dangerous in regard to abortion in all
’•r domestic mammals but becomes dan
gerous iu tbe highest degree when eaten by
animals— dairy cows, for instance—which
have been accustomed tosteamed and boiled
provender for tbe hoar frost, snow, or ice,
and the withered condition of such forage
not only will interrupt the digestion, but
the former will also efiect a sudden chilling
of tbe stomach, and the neighboring or
gans iu the abdominal cavity, the womb in
cluded, and will in that way pro
duce a catarrhal inflammation of
this mucous membrane whereby
most likely the connection between
the womb and the placenta will be severed,
and the fruit bo expelled. This snddeu chill
alone—which, however, under certain cir
•stauees, can he produced also by drink
an uncommonly large quantity of icy”
ter—is well able to effect morbid contrac
ts of the womb, and to cause iu that way,
a partial separation of the placenta,
always will result iu a premature
.1 of the f(etus. Tbe danger, of course,
he greaterthemore the animals have been
minated. If we keep the above facts iu
view, and remember that all injurious influ
ences become far more serious in a delicate
constitution than In a vigorous one, it will
rot be necessary to seek an explanation for
the greater frequency of cases of abortion iu
cows by assuming extrardinary and problem
atic agencies as the cause.
Veterinarian.
Sudden Death of an lowa Editor.
From Hi® lowa State Bcpistc-r, Dec. 0.
As brieilv staled in yesterday's issue, Air.
1.11. (iooilson, city editor of tliis paper, died
instantly at Lis room in the Johnson House,
East Side, yesterday morning, between 1 and
:l o'clock. The circumstances of his death
wen* peculiar as well as painful. After sever
al days of dissipation—a habit which the
bruvc-bearted man constantly anddesperate
foucht against—he was recovering from
ie edicts, much weakened in system. He
ad touched no liquor for two days, and the
action of the nervous system after its
•mpb-te prostration had, perhaps, put his
.stem into such a state that the
tal drug he took in a hope to induce sleep
id its conquest made easy. The day preced
g ids death, and the day before that, be had
ion in quite good spirits, and had enjoyed a
>od appetite. In the evening before the fatal
online, ho had been upon the streets, and
as rapuUyrecoyenng. Retiringtobedquite
rly. be stopped before going, to play with
c of. the children m the sitting room,
peanug to be in buoyant humor. The
ung man who had been deputed by Mr.
;hnson to stay ith him, accompanied
ixu to tbq room. After going there. Mr.
ioodsou mixed a portion of the rW+v
rains of chloral bo had bought in the even
uc. and took it. After which, while he
till (mite nervous, he read a little while in
a book. After 10 o’clock-he undressed for
bed, and shortly after had the {young man
with Lim prepare the rest o£ the chloral
when he took it—having thus taken the
whole sixty grains in a little over an hour.
The young man remonstrated with him on
taking such a largo onantity of the drug,
hat he said, in reply, that he had.frequently
taken more than that amount, and he did not
believe he could take enough of it to hurt
him. About midnight, he being mean
time very restless in bed—the young man
lying on a pallet on the lloor—be roused up.
and said he must have something toeat, and,
getting out of bed, started to get bis pants
to put them on. The attendant, stepping
put of the door a minute to see to some duty,
intending to return in a few minutes, heard
almost directly afterward, as he was in au-
house, a loud noiso, and
thought air. Goodson, in descending to the
diningroom, had fallen down stairs. Has
tening up, he found ho was not on the stairs,
and, on going to the door of tbo room, he
heard a gioan. Entering, lie found him lying
prone upon his face. Hastily picking him
up, he with great difficulty got him upon the
bed. As he was raising the .body, he heard
one gasp, and that was the last sound pre
ceding death. Calling for help, Mr. John
son was soon at hand, and sent at once for
Dr. Hunter, who was immediately brought,
hut the last was over, and beyond human
recall. The doctor thinks two causes con
tributed to the death, the prostration of tho
system by dissipation, and the over-dose of
chloral. So sudden was the process of death
that the features of the deceased retained a
very natural and life-like expression.
THE APIAHY.
How IVainre Provides lor tbc Queen Bee
—The Bearing and Sale of Defective
()ne«u«>lVoreliic9 in Bee-Cultnre Not
Desirable.
From Our Special Correspondent.
Bubal Home, 111., Dec. 9.
In my last letter, an effort was made to
guard my young lady novices in bee-culture
against false estimates of profits to bo de
rived from the business, and to place it on a
more firm business foundation. I wish to
divest it of all mystery, of quackery, and
downright deceit. I hive before stated that
no department of rural economy has been a
greater prey to the charlatan, the patent
man, and the petty cheat, than that of bee
culture. We must not lose sight of the fact
that, though the press is the great educator
of the people, parties take advantage of it to
palm ofi their nostrums on the unsuspecting,
and that this is done in the most plausible
and persistent manner.
Since the introduction of the Italian bees
a few apiarians have made large sums in the
rearing and selling of Italian queens. By a
persistent system of advertising and writing
up the subject, they have succeeded in im
pressing the public with the idea that they
must have this race of hees. As competition
soon overstocked the market, the question
of purity was called in to send the weak ones
to the wall. The number of golden bands,
the color of the queens, the beauty of the
workers, and the kinglj-fonn of the drones
have become mixed in the discussion and
to-day there is no standard by which to j udgo
the purity of the royal descent of the queen
of the Liguarians.
At ’this time, I do not intend to take up
arms for either the Italian or common black
bee, as 1 look upon the question as of no prac
tical importance; but propose to call
attention to the mischief that has
grown up with this so-called new
system oi bee-culture. We have great com
plaint m regard to thowant-of capacity to
Jay large stacks of cgga.and the surprisingly
short mo of the queens, among this new
class that are sent out on orders. Some per
sons, for this reason, think that the Italians
are less hardy than the common black bee*
but it is more than probable that, if the
queens of tho black bees were reared by the
same, process, they would show a similarly
impaired condition. The fault is, therefore
m the system, not in the species of bees
der treatment.
In this artificial system of rearing queens,
we have a lack of a few of the essentials that
produce a hardy, vigorous, and prolific
queen, lor this reason, it is proper to in
quire into the defects; and, if they are not
capable of correction, it is better to aban
don the entire system. In rearing queens
by the natural method, the queen-cell is first
constructed, and the egg laid in it; and this
always occurs in warm weather, when the
bee-pasturage is abundant and among strong
stocks. Hence, all the elements are combin
ed to insure tho rearing of a robust and pro
lific queen. The queens, when in the larva*
state, are fed with an abundant supply of
what wc term queen jelly,—the especial food
of tne young ’queens. The strong swarms,
abundant food, and warm weather all
conspire to make such a condition of things
as nature intended in order to fullj' develop
the queen. For, while a common worker
bee does not average six months for its nat
ural life, and the king-bees or drones survive
only a few weeks, the queen may live two,
three, or four years. Unless a swarm is sud
denly deprived of its queen, this is the only
mode by-which tho queenly prerogative is
produced,, and tho throne supplied with roy
alty.
When the swarm becomes so crowded that
it must send out a new colony, from four to a
dozen new queen-cells are constructed, and
the eggs laid in them. All of these arc alike
cared for, but, as soon as one of tho young
queens is out of tho cell, her first work is to
destroy all of her sister-queens in the most
relentless manner.
In order to save these queens, so as to have
queens for sale, each queen-cell is cut out
and placed in what is called a nuclei hive;
that is a small hive with a single comb, and
mere handful of bees in each nuclei. In this
case, tho young larva? lacks warmth.as there
arc not sufficient bees lor tbc purpose; and
they will also be short of royal icily, as this
is prepared by the young bees that have not
been out gathering honey, but remain eight
i or nine days in the hive, feeding the queen
larva*, the workers, and drones, as all must
be supplied with food from day to day,—not
direct from the flowers, but from
the stores of honey and pollen that
have been placed in the empty cells. It is
not surprising that queens reared under such
untoward conditions as are presented in a
nuclei hive are lacking in constitutional
vigor and fertility.
But it is due to truth to state that a few
persons who rear queens for sale do not resort
to the nuclei hives, but rear them in full
swarms: but, as this requires great watchful
ness and extra labor, a less profit is made, or
rather no profit, if sold at the price of these
so-called artificial queens.
But this is but one chapter in this hot-bed
system, as the natural swarming does not
supply all the queens that are required by the
new demands, and the hive is deprived of its
queen for the purpose of increasing the num
bers, when the bees resort to a comparatively
artificial mode of supplying the place of the
lost queen. They select the youngest larvje, 1
say that of three or four days old, and cut
away the adjacent cells, and build up
queen-cells around tho young larva. From
two to ten of these are constructed. In the
most favorable part of the honey-season,
with a full stock, these queens are sometimes
valuable; but it is seldom this is done at the
ilush of the honey-season,—usually the re
verse, when the conditions are often quite
unfavorable. It is generally supposed that
such queens will not live beyond eighteen
months, and many of them die the first sea
son. These facts are well known to this
class of queen-producers, and they also know
that it is a vicious system; but the profits
are too great to be thrown aside.
Mating the drones with queens in confine
ment is also one of the new theories, that has
a questionable utility, and is simply a specu
lative outgrowth, that might as well be
checked first as last.
As the success of the swarm depends so
much on the ability of the queen to supply
the eggs for the brood, it is of the first im
portance that she be as vigorous as possible,
and that wiiatever tends to enervate her
tends to the comparative lessening of tho
whole swarm.
That there is an increasing want of faith
in the new family of bees is more than ap
parent; and it is probable that the real ob
jection is more duo to bad management than
any real inherent difficulty in the way.
Novelty has great attractions, and through
its inlluence we are drawn after now things
without regard to their real value. We all
wish to trj* new things,—some for the very
novelty, and others for what may be made out
of it. Even iu our apiary are the re
mains of numerous hives that were
put on trial, “just to see how they work.”
But one after another of these went to the
kindling-wood* heap, and their places have
been supplied with tho plain movable frame
hive, tho form of which] has outgrown a
patent.
There is now tho most extensive arrange
ments makimr for the rearing of these sickly
queens, and tho bee-keepers arc being Hooded
with circulars already. There can be little
doubt that the season of 1872 will sec the
whole thing culminate, and leave to the pur
chaser empty pockets and impaired swarms.
This is but tho repetition of all similar
schemes for the licecing of the unwary, and I
therefore call attention to the subject, that
the readers of Tin; Tbiuunk may stand aside
and look complacently on tho bursting bub
ble. Ella.
Professor Hnxley on a Parliamentary
Cnrfer
From llie London News, Nov. 4.
We have permission to publish the follow
ing letter from Professor Huxley: “Jermyn
street, Nov. IS.—Dear Sir: It has often been
suggested to me that I should seek for a seat
in the House of Commons; indeed, I have
reason to think that many persons suppose
that I entered the Loudon School Board
simply as a road to Parliament., But I assure
vou that this supposition is entirely without
foundation, and that I have never seriously
entertained any notion of the kind, ine
work of the School Board involves me m
no small sacrifices of various kinds;
but I went into it with my, eyes open,
,nd with the clear conviction that it
was worth while to make those sacrifices for
rwke Of helping to got the Education act
into practical operation. A year’s experience
Vis ‘not altered that conviction; but now
thatthemost difficult, if not tho most impor
tant part of our work is done, 1 begin to look
forwardwith much anxiety to the time when
1 shall be relieved of duties which so se
rious v interfere with what I regard as ray
propet occupations. No one can say what
the future has in store for irrnr.lmt at pres
ent I know of no inducement, not even the
offer of a seat in the House of Commons
which would lead me. even temporarily and
partially, to forsake those occupations again.
—I am, dear sir, yours very faithfully, i. Li.
Hi xli:y.— J, Carr, Esq.”
Heavy Poultry Shipment.
Fitnn t>e Davenport (Iowa) Gazette, Dec. 9-
lbe heaviest single shipment of poultry
jwtr.mado from this city, leaves to-day for
the State of Nevada. It'comprises four tons
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1871
turkeys, and is made by Mr.
o. Alien, commiasion merchant, in response
1? a r 9 r er received from the President of
tfie Miners’ Association of that region. The
prder was for six tons—and the two remain
ing tons will he forwarded next week. Tho
shipment is hy express, the costs of freight
being $C.25 per hundred, or $2,500 for this lot.
The expressage is prepaid, as poultry is
“perishable,” and tho express company
takes no chances on this line of articles.
•The order was made hy the heaviest com
mission firm in Nevada, who have the con
tract for supplying fowls for Christmas din
ners of several societies belonging to tho
Minors’ Association.
No little care Is necessary in preparing
these shipments. In the first place Air. Allen
selected samples of only the best of live lots
of fowls, the killing being done under his
own direction. Each fowl was 44 dry-picked.”
In packing every one was wrapped in two
sheets of tissue paper, the heads being
pressed under the wines, and the wings being
folded close to the body. Packing was done
in barrels, each layer being separated by
straw. Tho poultry will cost the miners, when
at the place of destination, something like
iS cents per pound—there being an average
of 128 pounds in each barrel. Tho selecting,
killing, and packing, are all done according
to order. The balance of the contract will bo
forwarded on Monday.
THE CHINESE EMBASSY IN
FRANCE.
•Speech of the Chief Ambassador—Reply
of President Thiers.
At the reception of the Chinese Ambassa
dors l>y the President of the Republic, at
Versailles, on the 23d nit., the Chief Ambas
sador, Tchouc Haou, delivered the following
speech, which was translated by an inter
preter attached to the Foreign Omce:
M. le President: I, Tchong Haou, Ambassa
dor of the great Empire of Tsing, have received
orders from my august Emperor to come here to
salute in his name the illustrious President of
the great French nation, and respectfully to
present to him an imperial letter. On the 21st of
June of last year some wicked men, hav
ing. stolen children at Tlen-tsln. wore the
cause of a disturbance there. The Emperor
sent Tseng Kaou Faun, one of his Ministers, Sec
retary of State, Viceroy, Governor General of
Telie-h, and other oflicera to inquire into every
thing with equity and justice, addressed to the
Viceroys, Governors of Provinces, and local
authorities to assure security to all who had a
right to it. Tseng Kaou Faun and his assistants,
after haying removedtho two Magistrates. Tchang
and Lien, for having been wanting in their duties,
handed them over to the Department of Justice,
which condemned them to transportation to
Tartary. With respect to the rioters, twenty
culprits were beheaded, and twenty-five others
transported. Another decree enjoined tho
local authorities of Provinces to issue
proclamations to the people in order that there
might not bo any further disorders, the Emperor
delating his firm will that tho French in China
shall enjoy peace and tranquillity. The Emperor,
m 3* master, while regretting that affair, trusts
that, after its satisfactory and definitive settle
ment, it will cause no injury to tho relations be
tween tbe two countries. Adopting, therefore, as
a basis that which had been agreed to upon the
Charge d’Affaires of Franco, De Rochehouart, and
the Minister for Foreign Afi'dira at
Pekin, I have considered tho sub
ject with the French Plenipotentiary, Do
Geofroy, and as I found in him a spirit of
equity, justice, and liberality, that affair has been
terminated in a satisfactory manner. I have,
therefore, tbe honor, as Ambassador, to band to
the illustrious President tbe imperial letter of
which lam the bearer. I also offer him at the
same time, in the stead and place of my august
master, thanks for tbe liberal reception which
has been given me. Tho friendship between tho
two nations will be on that account, only moro
firm and durable. If tho illustrious President has
a national letter to forward or any words to bo
communicated to my august master, I, his Am
bassador, am prepared to tako charge of them.
M. Thiers replied in tho following terms
Monsieur l’Amuassadecr I receive with
satisfaction tho letter which you have presented
to me on tho part of your sovereign. It is to mo
proof of the regret which ho has felt for the do-
Slorablo events at Tient-Tsin and of his sincere
esiro to prevent a recurrence of such scenes.
You tell me of the numerous punishments in
llicted upon the guilty. Tho French nation is too
humane to take pleasure in the shedding of blood.
It demands only that severity whica is neces
sary to restrain the wicked, and it believes
that to rigorous measures others of a different
character must be added. It is tho duty of gov
ernments, while repressing tho excesses of the
populace, to calm its passions, to dis
pel its prejudices, and to bring it to listen to the
voice of reason and humanity. Your govern
ment is too enlightened not to appreciate the
merits of those missionaries, men of great
worth, who expatriate themselves in order to
spread abroad throughout tho world tho prin
ciples of civilization, against whom evil-disposed
persons have not feared recently to excite the
iopular hatred. Let it proclaim ft in decrees, let
t seize every occasion to bear solemn witness to
it; the people will respect the foreigners when
they shall see their own magistrates treating
them with respect. ‘We will also suppose that
Chinese people have not comprehended the
enormity of the crime that was committed when
a hand was raised against the person of a Con
sul of Franco. It is, again, the province
of the Chinese Government to show, by its atti
tude, and by its proceedings with respeot,.to dip
lomatic and consular agents, the extent of the
special consideration which is due to their publio
character by virtue of the rules universally re
ceived among all nations. It is only upon those
conditions, and when your government shall
frankly have entered upon that course, that wo
can arrive at a sincere application of treaties, and
that we shall avoid fresh incidents which might
seriously compromise the relations between tho
West and the East. I will reply to your Empe
ror, and I will forward my letter to him through
tho Minister of the Republic at Pekin. in
tho meantime, assure him of our earnest
desire to live upon good terms, to multiply the
relations between us, and consequently to in
crease our mutual confidence and esteem. 1
should consider that for that end it would bo use
ful If a Chinese Legation were permanently es
tablished in Franco, as also a French Legation nt
Pekin. If this plan should bo adopted, wo cannot
but hope to sec at tbe bead of the future Mission
a high functionary who shall resemble you, M.
I’Ambassadeur, and who shall possess the same
spirit of Justice, the same cordial disposition of
which you have given proof, and which I am glad
tc acknowledge in this place.
The Ambassador, iu reply, simply said:
On my return to] China I will communicate to
the Emperor the words of tho President of tho
Republic.
CONNOLLY’S ATXEMPED COMPRO
MISE.
Commodore Garrison ns a Mediator—An
Offer to Restore Sl,ooo,ooo—Charles
O’Conor’s ffrumcss Prevents the Ar
rangement.
From the New York Tribune, Dec. 9.
Ex-Controller Richard E. Connolly, tired
of tbe irksome custody of the Sheriff' and
fearful that he -would meet with the fato that
despoilers of the public treasury merit, made
an attempt, last week, to compromise -until
justice, hut so secretly were the negotiations
conducted that, with the exception of what
was published in the Ti'ibunc of last Satur
day, none of the facts were discover
ed. The circumstances are briefly
as follows: Some weeks since Commodore C.
K. Garrison was offered William M. Tweed’s
magnificent residence in the upper part of
the city at SlOO.OOOjlcss than its real rained
hut, upon mentioning the fact to his wife
she replied that she would not live in the
house if it was given to her for nothing. A
few days later, while Commodore Garrison
was in the office of Miller, Stoutenhurgh
Peckham, the last-named of whom is the
attorney in the ring prosecution, a brother of
Andrew J. Garvey entered, and offered to sell
certain real estate at about half its true
value. Commodore Garrison expressed
his astonishment, and asked why
these men who had defrauded the
Treasury did not make at least a
reasonable restitution, and not sacrifice their
property in so wild a manner. After cogi
tating tor a moment, Garrison added that lie
thought they would make restitution to es
cape punishment: he believed that Tweed
would give a million and a half, and that ho
(Garrison) could get a million from Connolly.
This conversation occurred on Wednesday,
the 29th of November, and Garrison’s views
being presented to Wheeler H. Peckham, he
favored them, and conveyed thorn to Charles
O’Conor. On the same day, while at the
Manhattan Club, Garrison received a mes
sage from Connolly, who was about
to be transferred from the New York
Hotel to Ludlow street jail. Pro
ceeding to Connolly’s apartments at the
hotel, and instinctively knowing why he
had been sent for, Garrison exclaimed, It’s
no use, Dick. I can’t go your bail.” Garrison
then asked why Connolly did not give up
the money, as ho well knew ho had stolen it.
In the course of the conversation that en
sued, Garrison urged upon Connolly to make
restitution to the amount of $1,000,000. Con
nolly said that he had no money or property
in his name, as it all stood in the name of
his wife. Mrs. Connolly, who had been the
ablest coadjutor of her husband throughout
his embarrassment, was apprised of the state
of affairs, and willingly agreed to surrender
$1,000,000 to secure her husband immunity
from further prosecution.
Matters appeared to he on the verge of
settlement, but an obstacle appeared in the
shape of a communication from Charles
O’Couor, to the effect that the only arrange
ment to which he would consent would bo
the assignment of the property to responsi
ble individuals to await the decision in the
suit now pending. In the event of the suit
being decided against Connolly, the property
was to be used in the liquidation of tho judg
ment; but if not so decided, the property
was to revert to Connolly. Accompanying
the communication was a list of Connolly’s
property which O’Conor desired assigned.
Connolly, in addition, was to reveal the
complicity of his late ring colleagues in tho
frauds, and, in fact, make a thorough con
fession.
This decision was discouraging to the Con
nollys, but Mrs. Connolly sent for Commo
dore Garrison, and having informed him of
the situation, said she would do as he coun
selled. Commodore Garrison advised her to
relinquish $1,000,000, hut no more.
On Friday evening two carriage-loads of
Connolly’s friends went to Charles O’Connor’s
residence on Washington Heights. Among
them were Mrs. Connolly and her son-in-law
and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Hntch
iugs. They remained at O’Conor’a residence for
some time, but failed to effect anything, as
O’Conor was very firm and declined to ac
cede to their wishes, which were sustained
by the argument that Connolly was not as
rich as was generally supposed, having been
obliged to pay large amounts of money to
his numerous adherents, and for the passage
of the city charter under which the nng ope
rated. Tbey returned to the city very much
discouraged, for if O'Conor had agreed to
their proposition, Connolly was to have tak
en passage on the steamship Missouri, which
sailed ou Thursday last for Havana. Mr.
O’Conor has expressed the opinion that the
evidence will certainly convict Connolly,and
that the people will recover the full amount
they claim.
EXECUTION OE A MUBDEEEB.
Jacob Brook Hanged at Bonisa Court
Honsr, Vn., for Wifc-Mnrder—Fnll Con
fession of tho Gniprit—Stovy of the
Crime*
Eiclimoml, Vo., (Dec. S 1 .Despatch to the Kew York
Times.
Jacob Brock, colored, "was executed to-day
at Louisa Court House for the murder of his
wife. On the scaffold he made a full confes
sion of his guilt, attributing it to infidelity
on the part of his wife and to intemperance
on hie own.
The story of the crime is as follows:
Brock and his wife, of Louisa County. Va. t
one day in last July went together to Fred
crickshall, a depot on the Chesapeake <fc
Ohio Railroad, to make some purcuases at
the store there. They went and re
turned afoot, as the depot was not
many miles from the cabin they in
habited. At the depot Jacob bought a
bottle of whiskey, but he was apparently
quite sober. The woman reached home a
little while before Jacob, who had lingered,
and she was in the act of; kindling the lire
when Jacob came in, and asked if supper
was ready, his tone being that of one ready
to pick a quarrel. It happened that his wife
had a supply of cold victuals on hand, which
she quickly placed before him, and he sat
down moodily to eat. He then asked for
water, which was handed him by his step
son, an intelligent colored boy, who was the
principal witness in the subsequent trial.
Jacob complained that the water was warm,
and ordered the lad to go to the spring for
more. When the lad returned with the
water, Jacob had succeeded in tying a rope
around one of his wife’s wrists, and was
endeavoring to tie the other wrist, but
in the sculllo that took place she contrived
to throw him oil’. Ho rushed then upon her,
knocked her down, and tied both of her
hands together., Forcing her up-stairs, he
tied her hands above her head to a cross
piece nailed to the uncoiled rafters of the
nut. Ho then deliberately descended, got
his bottle of whiskey, a pitcher of water, a
.tumbler, several stout switches, and went
backup-stairs. Having prepared and taken
a glass of whiskey, he begau to Hog his wife
in the most merciless manner. Ho wore out
his supply of rods upon her, (faking occa
sional glasses of liquor to nerve himself), and
then broke up a Hour-barrel and beat her
with the staves, heading and hoops, until
they were broken to pieces. The fragments
of all these things which he used on nor up
stairs were exhibited in court at his trial.
Having exhausted all convenient weapons,
he loosened the woman from the cross-piece
and drew her by the rope down the stairs,
ont of the house, into the orchard. He then
tied her up to the limb of an apple tree, and,
breaking off boughs, resumed ms process of
beating the poor creature to death. Having
used np all the boughs within his reach, ho
untied the doomed woman from the limb,
when she fell utterly disabled to the ground.
He, thereupon, seized the rope and dragged
her to the yard of his cabin, where he en
deavored to prop her up against a peach tree
which grew there, but she fell prostrate.
Still unrelenting, he stripped the peach tree
of its houghs, and wore them out upon the
dying woman. Finally tired out, ho dragged
her by the heels into the cabin again. There
ho laid her insensible body before the lire
and dashed a bucket water over her. Taking
a final drink from his bottle, ho turned into
bed and fell asleep. When bo awoke in the
morning bis wife was lying dead on the
hearth.
Brock was arrested and tried at Louisa
Court Hous£ n (the jury being composed of
four whites and eight negroes), was found
guilty of murder in the first degree, and ho
was sentenced to ho hanged. No evidence
was given establishing u motive on Jacob’s
part to commit the crime. Ho was usually
a sober negro, and all the testimony (the
boy's included) went to show that he was not
intoxicated when he began to heat his wife,
though it is very probable that ho was very
drunk before ho stopped heating her. Ito
and she had lived together as harmoniously
as most couples of their class and color, and
their circumstances had been such as to al
ways keep them from want.
Since his conviction and sentence Brock
made several desperate attempts to escape,
on one occasion setting lire to the jail. The
execution passed off quietly.
DECREASE OF TONNAGE.
IVnmca of the Steamers and Sail Tguncli
Lost on the Lakes in IS7l*
From ihc Detroit Post. Dec. 5.
The vessel property of the Northern Lakes
which has passed out of existence during the
season just closing foots up the largo aggre
gate of tons. This, at the low estimate
of SOO per ton, shows a decrease of solid
wealth amounting to nearly $1,500,000. Plac
ing the CO lost vessels in tow of the 13 lost
steamers—which would bo a fraction over five
vessels in each tow —the whole would form a
E recession nearly six miles in length. Such a
ost sailing on to destruction iu the course
of one short season is appalling. It is quite
probable, since a number of boats, both sail
and steam,are yet on the lakes, that other
disasters will occur before navigation is final
ly ended. The following is a list of the lost,
with the tonnage of each
STEAMERS.
Victoria, 419 Iroquois, 75. Total 491 tons.
t'ROI’EI.LERS.
Propellers Dean Richmond, 1,083; R. O. Cobum,
800 Free State, 70S; Kavarino, 7Ci; Anna Hor
ton, 107; Evergreen City, 624; Alex. Watson, 03;
J. Barber. 2G3. Total 4.444 tons.
TUGS.
Despatch, 173; Eclipse, 230; Sam Lewis, 103
General Lyons, 55. Total, 561 tons.
HARKS.
P. C. Sherman, 566; Maitland, 307: Major An
derson, 568; Glenheuiah, 602; Yaletta, 41". Total,
2,450 tons.
PRIGS.
Lowell, 23C; Saxon, 327; C. J. Hutchinson, 311;
G. M. Abell, 180. Total, 1,113 tons.
SCHOONERS.
Miranda. 218; Union, 126; Clyde, 106; Dan Tin
dall, 402; Transport, 203; C. H. Hurd, 577; Monte
zuma, 317; Groton, 402; H. S. Fairchilds, 313;
Gem, 306 Fontanelle,37o; C. Nillson, 320; Aln
wick, 122 Victoria, 2 80; W. S. Lyons, 341; R. P.
Mason, 180; Seneca Chief, 159; Levant, 167; J, 8.
Minor, 07 Excelsior, 500; John Burt, 400; G. J.
Whitney, 330; Plover, 390: Lucy Anchard,
125; Cascadon, 136; C. W. Fiske, 401; Eliza Logan,
369; Eclipse, 230; H. E. Muzzey, 284; American
Eagle, 172; Geo. D. Hunter, 219; M. Courtwrigbt,
384; Juliette, 154; Resolute, 339; Geo. Foote, 316;
W. J. Preston, 389; C. M. Porteh, 400; Twilight,
305; Ell Bates, 355; Jessie Anderson, 256; C. B.
Allen, 385; Rio Grande, 269; Pearl, 81; M. Duke,
75; Thos. Klngsford. 375; Stranger, 40; Pioneer,
120; Castalia, 245; M. Burgoyne, 75; Advance
(scow), 74; Skvlark, 64; J. 8. Newhouao, 331;
Winfield Scott. 233; Maggie (scow), 180; Rosa
Stearns, 100; New Lisbon, 236; North Star, 185;
total, 14,780 tons.
nEC.vrircL.vnoK,
Two steamers
Eight propellers
Four tugs
Five barks
Four brigs
Fifty-seven schooners.
Grand total
Lynch Law in Illinois*
From the Pekin (IU Register.
Some weeks ago l)r. Neil, of Spring Lake
Township, in this county, lost a horso and a
couple ol mules, stolen, it is presumed, bj r
parties belonging to a well organized gang of
thieves, who inhabit tho timber belts along
the course of tho Illinois River in this and
Mason Count3’. In searchingforhis property,
the doctor was informed by tho ferryman at
Liverpool that animals bearing tho descrip
tion given had crossed the river a few days
previous. Tho ferryman also identified one
“Bill Lincoln,” abrothcrof David Lincoln,
tried at tho March term of tho Mason Cir
cuit Court, on a charge of horse-stealing, hut
acquitted—one of tho parties having tho
property in charge. Accordingly a mob of citi
zens from Long Point Township, where Lin
coln resides, to the number of twenty-five or
thirty men, made a descent upon Lincoln’s
ranch and captured its chief. A rope was
placed about his neck, one end thrown over
tho limb of a tree, when tho spokesman of
the party warned Lincoln that unless he told
all ho knew about the gang with which ho
was supposed to ho connected, ho would bo
hoisted by the ueck between terra Jirma and
a tree limb. Ho protested his innocence, and
tho threat of- tho mob was carried into exe
cution. Ho was, however, soon lowered to
tbe ground, and the same questions asked
and like answers returned.” Wo understand
that ho was treated in this mauucr some
three or four times, but positively refused to
tho last to divulge anything throwing light
upon the matter. After ho had been pun
ished sufficiently he was released and allow
ed to go home, his secrets, if any ho had,
“safely locked in tho repository of a faith
ful breast.”
The Indiana Attorney General on the
IVar-Pnlh in llis Own House.
From the Tcrro Haute (lurt.) Gazette, Dec. 8.
The first burglarious raid of the season
was made about 1 o’clock last night on the
residence of the Hon. B. W, Hanna, Attor
ney General of tho State. Mr. Hanna re
turned to his homo from Indianapolis about
midnight, and immediately retired. Ho had
not done so an hour before he was awakened
from a sound sleep by his wife, who, in great
alarm, told him that there were burglars in
tho house; that sho could hoar them talking.
Mr. Hanna Jumped up audran to tho door of
tho room where tho children were
sleeping, closed it, secured his
revolver, and went in search of tho
villains, who were in another part of
the house, ho being able distinctly to hear
their half-suppressed whispers. Meantime
Mrs. II aim a gave the alarm on tho sonth side
of the residence, which soon brought Mr, C.
I. Ripley and W. D. James to tho scene of
the midnight raid, but not until tbe prowl
ing scoundrels had made good their escape
from the house, closely followed by the
portly Attorney General, brandishing a re
volver in his right hand, and clutching at
the imaginary dead and wounded with his
left. It appears that the burglars effected
an entrance to the house through the win
dow of the front porch, by which route they
made their egress, without having secured
any valuables, because of their meeting de
termined resistance.
According to tho British Medical Journal
Lady Mordaunt is really insane, and a certificate
to’ this effect authorizing her renewed detention
iu an asylum has been signed by tho late Presi
dent of tho Eoyal College of Physicians and
another doctor.
WATCHES AND JEWELRY.
fl. H. MILLER,
Established, May 1, 1856
Burned up, Oct. 8 and 9,1871
Re-established, Oct. 12, 1871
479 Wabash-av.,
Corner Eldridge-conrt,
And is opening the most elegant
assortment of
HOLIDAY GOODS
Ever shown in Chicago. The
above stock having been select
ed by Mr. Miller in his late trip
to Europe and designed for his
magnificent store in process of
erection, comer State and Madi
son-sts., which was also destroy
ed in the late conflagration.
Hr. Ollier;, connections abroad bare not
been severed, which enables him now, as In
the past, to stand as the leading Jeweller of
the 17est. Also, has his manufacturing De
partment In fnll operation, retaining all the
old first-class workmen, and Is prepared to
make or repair Jewelry, Watches, Silver
ware, &c., to order.
A. H. MILLER,
479 Wabash-av.,
lafe Corner Clark and Randolph-sts.
FURNITURE;
WEBER
FURNITURE CO.,
WAREROOMS,
24314245 Sol CM-St,
CORNER JACKSON-ST.
A large amount of goods
arriving daily.
A. A. FARWELL, Agt.
TERRA COTTA.
TERRA COTTA.
ALL ORDERS FOR i
'WINDOW AND DOOR CAPS,
BELT COURSES, CORNICES,
BRACKETS, CHIMNEY TOPS,
VASES, HANGING BASKETS,&c.,
FILLED AT OLD PRICES BY THE
CHICAGO TEBEACDTTMB.
Factory and Office, near the corner
Sixteenth and Henhen-sts.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
RARE CHANCE
For Manufacturers.
FOR SALE—The Works known as tho Hydraulic
Lead and OU Co., situated on tlio comer of Green and
Fulton-sta. Wo will sell tlio whole or a partial In
terest. They are In perfect order, running lull time,
on Linseed Oil, Pmty, ami Lead; and parlies having
capital and skill wUI find this an excellent chance to
emhark in the Linseed Oil and White Lead business,
nqulreol E. W. BLATCHFORD «fc CO.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
JONES RAYMOND,
Commission Merchants Provision Dealers,
Sear old Chamber of Commerce,
Corner La Salle and Wasblngton-sts., Chicago.
Particular attention paid to handling
Dressed Hogs.
REMOVAL.
REMOVAL.
Wc arc now permanently located
at 123 WEST WASH
INGTON-SX.
AIEINj LAMBERT h CO.,
14 and 16 Maiden Lane, New York, 123
Vest "Washington-at., Chicago. IIL
Tonnage.
GUNS, PISTOLS, &e.
.23,882
GUNS, RIFLES.
Pistols, Fishing Shooting Tackle,
Brccch-loadinp Implements and Fixed Ammunition,
Pistol Cartridges, Gunpowder, Shot, Lead, Blasting
Powder, Safety Fn.so, a general assortment ot Sport
ing Goods, Gunsmiths’ Materials, Pocket Cutlery and
Newlionso traps. Agent for Geo. T. Abbey’s celebra
ted top-laetening breech loader.
All orders for goods in (or out Of) our lino shall have
prompt attention. R R EATON> SMtc 3t
Formerly Eaton <b Abbey, 101 Lake-st.
HOLIDAY'S.
A Large Assortment of New and Beau
tiful Books, at Lowest Prices.
American Tract Society,
467 1-2 Michigan-av., Chicago.
PBOFESSIONAIi.
imffIOBWMBTimE,
Before the fire at ISD Wabash-av., now at
NO. 123 CALUMET-AV., CHICAGO.
Tliis Is truly a homo of mortem improvements, full
of comfoits tor Uieinvallrt, and the best incrticai am!
electrical moans known in tho profession used. ior
releraceecnaioraelmtton N nAYESi M a>
Kosirtcnt Physician.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan. 1,1572, for the better accommodatioa
of our rapidly Increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
•wo will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner Michigan-av. and Harri
sou-st., up stairs.
tbos. FEAREY SONS.
tg’FACTORY—4. 6.8 and 10 TTnloo-st.. Albany, N.Y
FLAVORING EXTRACTS
DR. FRIGE’S
Cream Baking Powder
Jbid Special Flavorings
Are the Great Kitchen Imuries.
They ore net equalled by anyol their kUidln
country for their complete purity, and delightful pro
ducts for the table.
BOOBS.
SHOES.
DRY GOODS.
FIELD, LETTER CO.
State and TVcntielh-sts.,
Have replenished their principal stock with
many bargains, and invite special examination
of new and attractive styles of Dress Goods,2sc,
50c, and upward; Handsome Black, Plain Color,
and Fancy Silks much below market prices;
many attractions in Heal Point Laces, marked
down; a MI assortment of ladies’ t. C. Hdkls.,
including some handsome initialled, at reduced
prices; some desirable styles of Gents’ 11. S. and
initialled; a job lot of ladies’ His, marked at
cost, to close; a few beautiful boxes containing
1-2 doz. ladies’ or Gents' Hdkfs., from $3.50 to
SS; and a splendid assortment of Berlin Em
broideries, containing many novelties never be
fore imported, and well adapted to the Holiday
season.
State and Twentieth-sts.
HARDWARE.
CHICAGO.
CUTCDWATI. HEW YORK.
j. L WAYNE SON,
14 North Canal-st.,
Formerly 190 Lake-st.,
Dealers in BUILDERS’, CABINET, and
GENERAL HARDWARE, UPHOL
STERERS’ GOODS, and UNDERTAK
ERS’ TRIMMINGS.
O.AJK,X>.
In connection with the above, Mr. Geo,
E. Bliss, formerly of Tyler Bliss and
Jackson Bliss, would be pleased to sea
his former customers and friends.
J. LIEBENSTEIN
&CO.,
Wholesale Dealers and Manufacturers’ Agents of
CABINET HARDWARE,
mmm articies, air
IRERTAKERS' TRfflM
CORNER
Michigan-av. apdHarmon-court.
ATWATER CO.,
Through the great fire of OctobcrO. Re-established No*
veuiber 15, on the old ground,
No. 175 Eandolph-st.,
And ready to fill promptly all orders we may bo fa*
vored with for goods In our lino ol
Heavy Hardware, Farming Tools,
CONTRACTORS’ SUPPLIES, &c.
BLANK BOOKS.
BLANK BOOKS, &C.
JOMD.SIHALL&CO.
Have now in stock, of their own and
Eastern manufacture, the best assorted
stock of BLANK BOOKS and OFFICE
STATIONERY to he found in the city.
Their Blank Book Manufactory is in
fall running order, including EXILING,
BINDING, and FEINTING. Books
made to order promptly.
JOHN H. SMALL CO.,
27 So. Canal-st. and 899 'Wahash-av.
Blank Books
‘RTTT.'F.D AND MADE TO ORDER IN ONE
WEEK, AT
DONOHUE, WILSON HENNEBERBY'S,
30, 33 AND 34 NORTH CANAL-ST.
C?* Orders solicited from Merchants, Bankers, Rail*
roads, and insurance Companies.
BUSINESS GARBS.
STORAGE.
THORNE CO.,
Ham and Storage Warehouse,
UNION 1 STOCK 7ARDS.
jy Liberal advances made on provisions in store.
MEAD HIGGINS,
Wholesale Grocers,
204 206 West Washlngton-st.,
Offer a full line of goods at very
low prices.
Call and see us.
MALT.
HAVING COMPLETELY REBUILT MY
MALT HOUSE,
492, 494 496 fforth Statc-st.,
I am prepared to fill orders for Malt the same as bo
fore the fire. CIIAS. POPE.
6A6E BROS. CO.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
061 Indiana-nr., between Twentieth and
TwcntT-drst-flts.
BROWN BOHNER,
209 Lake Front, near Congress-st.
Lamps, Lamp Goods,
AND GLASSWARE.
IST AH kinds of Kerosene Goods a specialty.
Paper Warehouse.
HAND ELS WORTH,
56 North Jefferson-st.
M. P. CARROLL. Manager.
TOE ILLINOIS IKON WORKS,
Corner of Wells nnd Van Bnren-sts.,
have reopened their business again, and are prepared
to take orders for ventilators, shatters, rail.
Inga, stairs, and all kinds of building work. Particu
lar attention will ho paid to the manufacturing of
screw-jacks, derricks, etc.
A. BOLTER. Proprietor.
EAGLE IROW FOUNDRY,
(Established In 1340,)
SAMTUnEti J. CBESWELiL, Jr..
812, 814, 816, au4918 Bace-st.,
PHII.ADEZ.FHIA.
Iron Pronto, Staira, Girders, Liutelo. Columns, etc
etc. Light and heavy Water Pipes, Sinks, etc. Fire
Doors, Bars, and Bakers’ Oven Castings, etc. out
castings of all descriptions.
TOYS.
Vergho, EuMing Co.’s Detail Store,
934 State-st.
(ffl AID COITI IBfESOi
s. s. GREELEY,
364 Wabash-av.
CORY, BARRETT HANNA,
Brokers and dealers In Drugs, Paints, Oils, and Win
dow Glass; Carbon Oil, Naphthas, 74? and 85 Gasoline
for lamps and gas machines.
158 Ulichigan-aTe, lake front.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
99 N. Clinton-st., Chicago.
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
BOWEN,
HUNT
WINSLOW,
Offer to t'na Trade an entirely nawland
very attractive stock of
ns, rams, scarfs.
HOSIERY AND GLOVES,
WOOLLENS, SHAWLS
Blankets,
And a FULL and COMPLETE STOCK
In all Departments.
m m m m mmiM-ir.
Boots and Slots.
DAGGETT,BASSETT& MS,
TTRA'nQ.TTA'RTVgS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
corner Harmon-conrt, are now receiving a new stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus-
Fill, FLUKE t CD..
W HOLE SALE
BOOTS MB SHOES,
NOW AT
366 West Madison-st.,
Have a fall stock in hand and
invite the inspection of hnyers.
0. Thompson Co.,
COMMISSION,
BOOTS AND SHOES,
234 Michigan-av.,
CORNER OF HAKBISON-ST,
UIOIV-EY CANIVOT BUY IT!
For Sight is Priceless!!
But the Diamond Spectacles Will Preserve It.
IF YOU VALUE YOUR EYESIGHT
USE THESS
PERFECT LENSES.
Ground from minute crystal pebbles, melted to
gether, and derive their name, Dluioxd.” on ac
count of their Hardness and Brilliancy- They will
last many years without change, and are warranted
superior to oil others in use. Manufactured bL
J. E. SPENCER CO., Opticians
KEW YOBS.
CAUTION.—None genuine unless stamped with our
trade mark.
For sale by responsible agents throughout th# Union.
J. IS. ITIAYO A CO.. 463 State-s t.
Jewelers and Opticians, are solo agents lor Chicago,
IBs. From whom they can only be obtained. No
pedlars employed.
CHICAGO
SPRINGFIELD
The Illinois Central Railroad, In connection 'with the
Gilman, Clinton and Springfield Railroad, la now run
ning new and elegant sleeping cars through to Spring
field without change. Trains leave the depot, foot of
Twcnty-second-st. at 7:10 p. m. New and fine day
coaches arc also mn through on the train leaving
Twenty-second-st. at 9:30 a. m.
The time by this route is as quick, and the fare as
low, as hy any other.
Passengers hy this route leaving Chicago at night
remain in sleeping car at Springfield until morning,
thus avoiding the disagreeable necessity of leaving
the cars before daylight, incident to other routes-
THE FIRST MANUFACTORY IN THE BURNT
DISTRICT.
CHICAGO
TOBACCO WORKS,
WATT JOHNSON, Proprietors,
ARCADE COURT,
Rear of 160 LaSalle st.
REFINED LAED!
LARD OILS,
SIG-NAJL,
AND MACHINERY OILS.
We are prepared to supply the trade with goods of
our manufacture promptly, and at lowest market
rates. Address FAIRBANK, PECK «t CO.,
Office and works, Eighteenth and Blackwell-sta.
WEST CO.,
Fancy Goods Toys,
•4/ SI. nlto at 30 cents,
276 West Madison-st., corner of Morgan.
t/t.ati AKD OIL WORKS'
CHICAGO
LEAD OIL. WORKS
Established 1554. Burnt and Rebuilt 1559.
MANUFACTURERS OF
Lead Pipe, Sheet Lend, Bar and Pig Lead,
Pure Raw and Boiled Linseed Oil and Groana
Oil Cake, for feeding.
All out Linseed Oil is guaranteed strictly pure and
full wiglU.
Office: CHICAGO SHOT TOWER CO.,
Manufacturers of Drop Shot, Buck Shot, and Balls.
Orders from the trade solicited.
E. W. BLATCSEQBD St 00.,
70 North Cllnton-et.
VINEGAR WORKS.
corner of Adams-st.
AGAIN IN FULL OPERATION.
Cider, White Wine, and Double Vinegar, at the
lowest manufacturing price. 331 and 333 Wabash-av.,
between Jlarrison and Concrcss-ats.
between iiu CHAS> Q e. TRUSSING, Proprietor.
LADIES' GOODS.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
tomers.
SPECTACLES,
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
A NEW ROUTE
FEOM
TO
TOBACCO.
LARD.
ALSO WISTEE-STRAIXED
HOLIDAY GOODS.
VINEGAR
PRUSSIWG’S
BANKING.
BANK NOTICE.
Tite Gomercial MOobsl Bel
(National No. 713. EstaliUaiod 1363.)
HAS BEHOVED
To Its centrally located now t*? fn building oa
The Crosby Opera House Lot,
between Dearborn and State-«ta.r
burntdistrict, a location which It la believed willb»
equally convenient lor cuatoiscra In all parts of th»
city, by reason of the street car and omnibus fine? can-’
terlng from aO directions.
This Institution transacts* regular bankingbealness;
buys and sells exchange, mokes ejections, lasoas cer
tificates of deposit, discounts connaorclal paper, ad
vance* on convertible collaterals, aid accepts deport
accounts from business firms. IniUVWaals, corpora
tions. Institutions. banks, and b:mko:h of.known g-od
etcaing, and affords patrons ÜberaS factUUesjand.
legitimate accommodations, but does no« solicit inter-*
eat bearing accounts;
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS;
H. tV. King, E. P. Pniaifcr, H. H. Taylor,
Albert Seep* A. Cortes, S. W.Rjwsom
E. B. Phillips, H. Z. Culver. P. B. \V eatlalV
Bacon Wheeler, If. O. Williams; W. H. Ferry;
H. P. Fames.
H. V. FAMES, President.
tv. H. PEBBY; Vice President,
hli D.'BUCHANA2f, Cashier.
GEO L. OTIS, AssL Caahier-
Ths Commercial
LOAN COMPANY
Has purchased, since the great fire, the stone-front
bonding, 128 ABCHEB-A V., Junction Twenty-second
st., and have resumed business as usual In said build
ing. A first-claaa fire-proof vault Is completed. The
patrons of the Bank can deposit valuable papers or
articles In said vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as well as a general banking business, sell
Miia of exchange on New Tori,'and tbe principal cities
of Europe.
Tbe Commercial Loan Co. bna also secured a twenty
years lease of tbenortbwest comer of North Clark and
lUchlgan-ste. A fire-proof building and vault ‘is now
being built on said lot, and we expect to resume our
North Side business about tbe first day of January
next.
FRED. METEB, Cashier.
TOLMAN WHEELER, President.
TBT7STEES—IL D. Buchanan, Conrad Gehrke,
Tolman Wheeler, C. Kann, Wm. Knoke, Va. A.-
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler. C. B. Meyer, Thomas Buchan
nan, Jr., Shred. Meyer, O. Cronkmte.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20,157 L
Dry Goods Bank.
CAPITAX, $1,000,000.
336 Broadway, NEW YORK.
DIRECTORS.
Thomas P. Eldrldge, Edridge, Dnnham A 00.
Samuel B. Dana, Upham, Tucker A tw*
Cotnellus N. BUss, John S. A Eben "Wright A Co.
M. f. Hunt, Spaulding, Hunt A Co.
im.— ~ig,
Lewis Brothers Co.
Townsend Yale.
J. C. Howe Co.
Walter H. Lewis,
Edward 31. Townsend
Jacob Wendell,
S. S. Flsker,
James Emott Emot, Hammond* Pomeroy, (Counsel)
Hewlett Scuddor, Jones, Underhill Scadder.
George F. Vietor, F. Victor Achells.
Bryce Gray. James F. White* Co.
Edward E Poor, Denny, Poop Co.
Chas. G. Shaw, Shaw, Barbour Co. (ol Cincinnati.)
Henry Almy, Almy Co.
Wm. Post, Whlttemore, Peet, Post Co.
Jesse Sellgman, •J.* W. Sellgman 00.
William P. Brtntnall, 4
Accounts ol Banks, Bankers. Merchants, Manulao.
Inters and dealers generally throughout the country
are solicited. Collections made on very reasonable
terms. Interest allowed on q and Bankers’ bat*
aixces wtt.t.tam p. BRINTNALL, President.
CHABBES E. BOGERT. Cashier.
Real Estate Loan and
Trust Co.
SAVINGS BANK.
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE,
683 W abasli-av.
■WEST SIDE OFFICE,
121 WEST WASHINGTON'S!.
BENJ. LOMBARD, Presiden
8. A. BBIGGS, Vice President
NOTICE.
The annual meeting of She tetoehbolder*
of the FIFTH JVATIO.VAI, Brf.TK
OF CHICAGO, foe the election of Di
rectors for the ensuing gear will he he I A
at the OSice of said Bank, in Chicago on
Tuesday January 9, 1573, between the
hours of 3 and S p. as.
ISAAC G. Id O JIB ABB. Cashier
BANKING BOUSE OF
nr, Pimm
MASONIC BUILDING,
Corner of Balsted and Randolph-ifs.
BANK OF DISCOUNT AND DEPOSIT.
Sterling Bills, on London. Gold Drafts on
New York.
HEW PUBLICATIONS.
fiMME’S HIM BSTMCTOR
FOR REED ORGANS.
Less expensive, and, of course, less extensive than
the popular New Method for Reed Organs,” this boot
contains a sufficiency of pleasing, easlly-progressiva
exercises and tunes for the use of amateurs who wish
to learn” without a master,” and for all who wish to
“go a little way.”
Sent, post-paid to any address, for One Dollar.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO.. New York.
ThefflusicalTreasure
A new hook which will boa most acceptable
HOLIDAY PRESENT,
And is indeed a Treasure, being filled with sparkling
Songs, Duets, Quartettes, Rondos, Polkas, Polka Ma
zurkas, Schottisches, Quadrilles, Gallops. Marches,.
Four-Hand Pieces, &c., allot the best quality.
Music fitted for Pianoforte or Reed Organ.
Price—Boards, $2.50; Cloth, $3; Full Gilt, $4.
Sent, post-paid, on receipt of retail price.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO. t New York.
A NEW BOOK.
Ey the author of “Dorothy Fox."
JOHN THOMPSON,
BL O CIIIIE,ID,
AXD COMPANION POKXRAIXS..
By LOUISA PARR, author ef Dorothy Fox.” etc.
12m0., with frontispiece; extra cloth, sl-75-
The great success of “Dorothy Fox” has estab
lished Mrs. Parr’s reputation as a popular writer of
fiction, and tho present volume will secure for nor
hosts of friends. There is a charm in these Ufehko
“Portraits” that cannot fail to fascinate every intel
ligent reader.
RTFor salo by all Booksellers, or ttIH be sent by
mail, postage paid, on receipt of price by
J. B. IIPPIKOTT CO., Publishers,
715 anil7l7 Markct-at.. Philadelphia,,
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
CUNARD LINE
Steam between New York, Boston,,
Liverpool, Queenstown, Glas
gow, Londonderry,
THREE SAILINGS EVERY WEEK.
Passengers booked to and from Gorman and Scandl-.
navlan ports, and all parts of Europe at lowest rates.
Sight drafts from £1 upward. Through bills of lad
ing for merchandise, to and from Europe, issued la.
connection with Lake Shore Michigan Southern.
Railroad.
P, B, Dt TERSET, General Western Igenf,
370 State-st., CUcaco.
WHITE STAR LINE.
Kew York, Cork, and Liverpool.
Fasscnccr accommodations, saloon and steeraga
Ul i!ocai l accnts wanted in Western States. Apply ta
WHITE a»TAR LINE. Tribune office. Chicago.
MEDICAL CARDS
Dr. A. G. Olin,
The longest engaged and most successful physician la
all Chronic and Special Diseases (formerly 102 Wash
ington-st.), is now comldentially consulted, personally
or by mail, at 565 State-st, Chicago, lIL Send stamp
or circular.
Dr. G. Bigelow,
Formerly of 179 South Clark-st. coruerof Monroe, h*«
located his office at 73 South g
from Madison-st, where ho has a
rooms and parlors for the accommodation of Ms numac
oniuaHentA Call at 73 Halsted-st and see for your*
YcmTriUsw the same old Doctor whomyoa
Mvlmet S 179 south Clark-st. for the last number at
r Address an letters to 73 Soath Halsted-st. P, 0. B'jx
454. Chicago, 11L
3