WASHINGTON.
The Meeting of Congress—Hoff
it Compares with Previous
Congresses.
Spanish Barbarities in Cuba—The
Execution of the Students.
The Methodist Question in Politics
—A Church-Hooker.
Senator Trumbull Named for President—
The Bible in the Schools.
From Our Own Correspondent.
Washington, Dec. 3.
It is impossible to resist the belief that the
•Congress now assembling is abler and purer
,n tho aggregate, aud informed, iu a higher
degree and upon a higher key, as to the ne
cessities of a large nation, than any Con
gress known here since 1850.
CONGRESS COMING TOGETHER.
Prior to 1850, a few nervous aud gallant
appearing men sought to solve, anticipate,
or steal past the ever-present spectre of the
Black giant aud his leash-holder, which
Jiannted all tho corridors of the Capitol.
They were able to create certain episodes of
iorce, like the Mexican war, aud to keep up
the appearance of national business out of
ihe extension of our coasts aud commerce;
But the highest conscience that those Con
gresses could muster was not higher than a
oort of compromise patriotism, and, there
fore, all that was done lacked tho stamp of
lofty aim and harmonious national motion.
Sooner, perhaps, the apparition could not
Bavo been banished, andjjfor afar future,
posterity will award praise to tho motives of
many men of tho former era. But, where
there is a great subject in Congress forbid
den to be looked upon, although never
quite out of sight, perfect political
manhood cannot be expected. And it may
Be said of this Congress, tbat there is no
issue of fact which it willnot dare to exam
ine and that it has better-informed average
■constituencies,—just at this time, can rest
constituencies, too, aud of looser party affili
ations than ever before in thirty years. Con
gress is full of men with large physical ex
periences in war, mechanics, travel, aud ne
gotiation. The grade of wealthy men is
Higher, and that is no misfortune for a fair
fortune makes one respectable and cheerful,
and keeps him from small daily
temptations. All large classes are repre
sented, from the negro up, aud this is a re
lief, and, doubtless, also a reform. If there
were more genuine negroes iu Congress and
fewer carpet-baggers and scallawags, it
would be better for both races. Tho mean
est carpet-baggers arc out, however, such as
Howen, ■\Vhittemore. aud Stokes.
The law of Force has no place in this Con
gress, either as applied to individual ruffian
ism or to Executive terrorism, and at no time
in our history have men and leaders mingled
more aliahly; in fact, the only feuds are be
tween men of the same party.
THE CUBAN QUARREL.
Not beingmuch of alillibu.stcr, I have kept
this correspondence clear of .any incitatious
to annexation or Cuban liberty. But the
other day, when I read of eight young meu
earned but of college and shot dead with
musketry, under Spanish martial law, I felt
a certain ugliness in the blood, and the notion
that a nation as great as ours has no right to
look coldly ou and see au island almost im
pinging upon us ravaged repeatedly by the
hirelings of an effete nation, far distant from
our waters, and poorly acquainted with the
necessities of any body of Americans. The
United States and Great Britain could not
do a better thing than to talk a little at this
juncture. This time it is not slavery-propa
gandists, seeking to gratify their covetous
ness out of the weakness of .Spain; it is a
great free State, determined that {barbarity
shall not go on under its shadow at the ex
pense of a million natives of the "Western
Hemisphere. In fact, when we come to think
about IT, some of these old guns in the nary
might be shot off, -without destroying the ef
ficiency of that interesting department of
the country. The tenure of Spam in Cuba Is
3ntT. lv that of a corrupt Captain General,
•with his feet upon the throat of a rich sub
ject, picking his pockets. In the true sense
of a modern State, we have a right, once in
twenty years, to our just indigna
tions; and, as to cur power, it is well, in
.matters like this, to show that we keep it.
THE METHODIST QUESTION IX POLITICS.
A clergyman by the name of Newman,
usually called JJr. Newman, by virtue of
some complimentary degree qualifying him
.to prescribe for the souls of folks, has been
getting an editor to deny that ho (Newman)
on*r Trotted around the departments at
"Washington to get offices. Ills denial was
swiftly followed up by as many as a dozen
people reporting at my house with direct in
stances of this "man’s audacity in office-beg
ging. Last year, the Chaplaincy at West
Point was recommended to oe vacated, by a
couple of these preachers, iu order that one
or th© other ot- them might get into the
place. It is currently reported here that the
recommendations of These clerical visitors
accomplished the retirement of old Father
Mahan, the Engineer there, and that
his suicide resulted from the mor
tifleation of the Mow. Mr. Garham,
the Secretary of the United States Senate,
gave me au instance of clerical rapacity only
yesterday. A certain chaplain came to him
and said": 4 *Mr. Secretary, as I am the Chap
lain of this body, aud have been elected to
fill the place for the period of this Congress,
3 wish to ask if you have any objection to
advjuicing my salary for the whole of that
lime, and'l will use it to purchase govern
ment bonds, which I will put in your hands
as security, so that in no case can you lose
anything.*’ Gorham, with much apparent
simplicity, looked up at the reverend invest
or. and said: Well, Mr. ,of course, being
a clergyman, yon are apt not to see the whole
situation in a business matter like this.
Those bonds will bear interest while they
are in my hands, and, as the government
does not owe you anything, yon can readily
see that it would not be exactly right for
you to take interest from it- I am sure I
have only to suggest this to your mind iu
order that you can see the full force of my
•objections.” The clergyman went away sor
rowfully, for he had expected great posses
sions.
THE CHURCH-HOOKER.
This next story is told hero by the brother
in-law of General Sherman, upon another
clergyman. This clergyman was one of
those who went to New Orleans early in the
•war, deputed by the Board of Methodist
Bishops to hook a church from the Southern
organization of the Methodist body, and
transfer it, under Federal protection, to the
Church of the North. This species of eccle
siastical grand larceny is perrectly consist
ent with a certain grade of politico-religious
morals. The attempt was a failure, for the
United States Courts came down upouit.
But the story, which I began to tell, is as
follows; A certain lady of New Orleans, to
whom our clerical ambassador had letters of
Introduction, and who sympathized with his
Loly office and with his temporary personal
misfortune of being without a home in a
strange chy in time of war, offered the rev
erend gentleman accommodations in her
house. To the mortification, of the familj’,
however, it was found that our clergyman
held a regular daily levee, from fifty
to a hundred persons dally calling upon
him. and the private mansion was run down,
as if it had been a military head
quarters. The lady sought the advice of her
friends as to what she should do,ami she was
told that the shortest way was the best aud
■frankest. So she was obliged to say to the
clergyman that, when he lirsr. appeared in
the city, she had expected that it would be
a pleasure to entertain him, but that, under
the circumstances, it was no longer so, ami
ehe hoped he would take the suggestion
kindly and seek other accommodations, lu
stead of showing gratitude for past kindness
es, it is related that this clergyman, smart
ing with resentment, went to the military
headquarters of the city and reported his
host far rebellious affiliations, and had her
bongo seized and'eonttscatea. Such a tale as
this would appear to be incredible, but it is
familiarly tola here.
orixi6N of the age ox clerical politi-
CLAXS,
It is also capable of proof, since the matter
Las got to be at issue, that 3lr. Dr.JN'ewman
~_who is, perhaps, the best exponent of the
class of clergymen, of tbe Methodist Church
particularly, who mingle in politics and
think political influence to be a consistent
.and proper feature of religious
polity—has ran down several departments
licre, particularly the Internal Revenue.
It is a legitimate part of my business to
speak of these things; for no greater calam
ity could come to our country than to sec
powerful and vigorous religious bodies as
suming the aggressive in the military aud
secular concerns of democratic government.
To show that this is no vulgar warfare
upon clergymen, but, on the contrary, in the
interests of both society and religion, I
•quote one of a series ot letters I have re
ceived from clergyman. In publishing it, I
take a liberty with the name of a renowned
gentleman; but, as ho approves of my mak
ing the issue, perhaps he will not be incensed
giving i t the help of his contribution:
Dear Gath: That is a timely word you say
about our good old Mother, Muthmlisui. It is
what I have felt ever so h>ng. I Impe you W ill
use your holiest aud strongest pen to grave on
Ihe heart of the country this danger
of the prostitution of her fair name and fame.
VTe all love her yet, though we do not all slay in
her house; and these procurers ought to bo
handled as-yon handle them now, without gloves.
Surely touts; Robert Collveu.
CHICAGO, 3»ov. 23.
FOK PRESIDENT.
The'Kew York Sun heads its editorial col
ninn aitli .ibn iinmft of Xiyinau Irumbullas
the Reform candidate for the Rost Presi
dency. Mr. Trumbull is one of the purest of
iho eminent men of tli© country, a calm and
logical jurist; a comprehensive student, of
the times; a man of reverences and devotion
to neighborhood rights; adhesion to judicial
usages, and, upon the questions.'which agitato
the country—such as the Civil Service, the
rcpuhlicanizatiou of the taxes, military gov
ernment and encouragement of national pro
gress, ■with due regard to existing rights—ho
probably holds the first place in the country.
His name is of resonant sound, and of hon
ored origin. There is no blemish anywhere
in his character, and there is but little doubt
that he is the ablest man now in public life—
qualified, by dignity, experience, and accom
plishments, to lead us hack into the respect-’
able path of government. The politicians
are trying to ward off the new party,
hut it is here. There exist no differ
ences, except party traditions, between
men like Trumbull. John Quincy Adams,
Carl Schurz, Gratz Brown, William S. Groes
beck, James A. Garfield. Jacob Cox, David
A. WellSj Samuel Tilden, and oth
ers of like high-mindedness. The ad
ministration is now playing the game
of detaching some of the more unprincipled
Democrats from any schemes of compromise,
and constituencies connected with the late
Democratic party are warned that three or
four of their members of Congress cat din
ners at the White House, and share in the
plunder here.
151111.ES DC SCHOOL-HOUSES.
There are the usual troubles in New York
about reading the Bible in tho public schools.
A great many persons of Protestant origin
care little about this matter; but the trouble
is that, when the first point is yielded, others
are always demanded by the priests. Almost
every session of Congress brings to this city
an Irish political priest, named Gallagher,
from San Francisco. He comes here for all
sorts of jobs, and is recognized as the most
lonnidable politician of that coast. The
people ought to declare war on all these
chaps, who use their clerical office to divide
spoils, and mix in matters of government
where it is not designed for them to bo.
NOTES.
The Ohio delegation brings back tho story
tliatayounggiri—the daughter of a member
—not well balanced In her head, was seduced
in this city last winter, aud thatsho charges
it jointly to a member from South Carolina
and to another member from Ohio. This is
the only instance reported, involving a single
woman, since I have resided here. -Liaisons
between older parties are more frequent, aud
we had a leading Congressman requested to
quit the chief hotel here, last year, for abus
ing its hospitality.
Thomas Nast, the most prolific and tho best
caricaturing draughtsman we have had, be
cause a man of thick-coming [fancies as well
as a patient worker, and with that hearty
nature which is no longer concerned with
work done, but keeps a free spirit for the
next undertaking,—this damagor of weak
frontispieces is said to have conceptions for
overhauling the Civil Service, the loldy, the
ecclesiastical place-getter, and the nepotist,
which, it is to be hoped, will not be retarded
by any over-respectable or extra-didactic
advice. The highest subject for caricature
is always the most apposite, and the unde
cliuing genius will not overlook this axiom.
Tweed and Hall are played out; how about
these purblind magistrates guessing out
the course of history they should direct by
other processes than cunning? The next ad
ministration, if all go fair with us, must say
with Henry V.:
Now let us choose such limbs of noble counsel,
That the great body of our Stale may go
In equal runkfwilh tho best-governed nation;
That war, or p’eace, or both at ouce, may be
As things acquainted and familiar io us!
Gath.
THE ENGLISH CHICAGO-LIB BABY
PBOJECT.
letter* from the I.ondon Correspondent
of the New York Tribune, nn Official
of tlic Anglo-American Association, and
tlic Author of Ginx’ii Baby,”
To the Editor of the London Daily Xctcs
£ir: In reference to Mr. Buriiess’ letter
in your impression of yesterday, a word of
explanation seems necessary. Hr, Burgess
says that Lis plan to collect a free libnry
for Chicago has been sanctioned by the An
glo-American Association, which has under
taken to organize a committee for the direc
tion of the scheme, and so ou. All this I be
lieve to bo true, and the fact that it is true
makes it desirale to state.that the American
members of that association were not re
sponsible for its action. Mr. Burgess’ pro
posal seems to me generous and grateful pro
vided the execution of it he left in English
hands exclusively. The gifts England
has already made to Chicago are magnifi
cent. Our gratitude for them is the deeper
because they were unsolicited, and you will
permit me to add, our self-respect is greater
for the same reason. In this movement for
a library it would have been better, 1 think,
if such considerations had been kept in
mind. They were forgotten when the Eng
lish members of the association pledged the
association itself to assume the management
of the enterprise. It is true no American
was present, but such a vote binds us, and
puts us in the position of asking Englishmen
to supply Chicago with a library. For one,
I cannot accept such a position, and, though
I am sorry to leave the association, I have
sent in my resignation, I wish to add that I
make no criticism on the members who
thought it right for the association to take
charge of Mr. Burgess’ plau. I presume the
objection now suggested did not occur to
those who adopted the resolution. I am, sir,
vour faithful servant.
George W. Smalley.
13 Pall-Mall, Nov. 10
To the Editor of (he London Daily Xctcs:
Sir: I have read my friend Mr. G. W.
Smalley’s letter with regret, because it does
not appear to me to justify the extreme step
which lie has thus publicly taken. Mr.
Smalley is quite right in supposing that the
objection which bus induced him to retire
from the Anglo-American Association did
not occur to any members of the society who
voted for the resolution. As only 4 per cent
of the association consist of Americans, I do
not think the gentlemen will be at all dis
posed to subscribe to Mr. Smalley’s view,
that each American member is individually
respousible for every act of the association
in its collective capacitj'. If the
doctrine of personal responsibility
were carried out to this fastidious
extent all associated efforts would become
Impossible. The American members of the
association neither spoke nor voted in favor
of the Chicago proposal. Surely, in occupy
ing this neutral ground they kept themselves
as free from imputation {if imputation it be)
of askingfor English contributions for Chi
cago, as if they had .actually withdrawn
from the association. Moreover, it seems
rather hard that a scheme which has been
set on foot from a feeling of perfect kindness
toward America, and the practical usefulness
of which every one admits, should bo the
means of inducing an American gentleman
to leave the society. If we had been guilty
of an unfriendly act toward his country, wo
could not have fared worse. I remain, sir,
&C., P. \V. CIIESSOX,
Honorary Secretary of the Anglo-American
Association.
1, Adam street, November 20.
To IheEd'tlor of (he London Daily Xctcs:
Sir: Mr. George W. Smalley’s letter, and
the action it so ostentatiously notifies to the
public, seem to me to bo peculiarly ungraci
ous. In this wc have another instance of
that intolerable susceptibility which is so
unworthy of the almost unrivalled greatness
of the American nation, and which tends so
frequently to disconcert the affectionate
good-will of Englishmen. The amount of
responsibility which his countrymen or ours
would have set down to Mr. Smalley in the
matter referred to—had they ever heard of
his connection with the Anglo-American As
sociation—might have been weighed iu an
apothecary’s balance, aud possibly have been
sustained by Mr. Smalley without serious in
jury. But now that the subject has been
mooted, I am free to do what I hesitated to
do before. When 1 heard of the proposed
presentation of a library to Chicago, it seem
ed to me, instead of a wise aud •‘graceful”
act, to be a proposition simply childish. The
Americans will look upon it with very humor
ous appreciation. They are already rebuilding
Chicago; they are rather proud of their re
cuperative powers; they would, I should
think, prefer to buy aud select their own
books. However, it any sentimental philo-
Americans wished to connect their names
with the “biggest lire on record” iu some
permanent shape, it was a kindly and harm
less ambition. X object, as an English mem
ber of the Anglo-American Association, to
making it an instrument of this enterprise.
Ibe association was formed for purposes far
more elevated and important than the pre
sentation of addresses to wandering Amcri
or a general mendicancy among British
authors lor copies of their works. If I am
fio ne the most distiu
a lt J lors applied to have responded iu
•Minii2Jlw r Vi u Cl,t husiastic; and 1 would
November JI;XKIXS
The Funeral of Licntenaat Governor
I)UDD,
New Orleans (Nov. 27) Correspondence ol the Cinri.,
nali Gazette. uuu
The greatest event, not only since I last
wrote, but for a long time in Louisiana, is
the sudden death and extraordinary funeral
last Thursday of Lieutenant Governor Dunn
of this city. It was a most sensational
event, and each paper, of whatever political
complexion, Tied with the other in spreading
cverv incident thereof fully before the pub
lic. *1 knew Governor Dunn quite well, and
thought well of him as a man. 11-.* was a
large, black, but usually cood-looking and
digniliedman. I have seldom seen a man
preside over a turbulent body of his fellows
with more diguitr nud ability— not even
Fred Douglass, though the latter is immense
ly supenor intellectually ami other
wise. In fact, Dunn was quite
illiterate, though he had de
voted much study to parliamentary
usage, and latterly to the history of his coun
try. As a black man he was far above medi
ocrity—far above Revels, of Mississippi, prob
ably, but inferior to Fred. Douglass, or, as a
lawyer aud stump-speaker, to John M. Lang
don, of your State, or to others who, if white,
would be considered notliingabove mediocri
ty. In matter of display ho was a little of
the Emperor Sonlonquo order, liking a imo
turn-out of spanking bays. Rut, as a good
man and patriot. Toussaiut L’Ouvcrture did
not excel him. Ho was as true to his raoo as
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1871.
■was thatfamed Haytian General; nor was he
unjust to the white race. He was just such
a man as Toussaint would have chosen
among his Council. His funeral, in the cor
tege of which were some 15,000, was a most
unique and grand pageant. I once saw a fu
neral of the old patroon of Albany, and I
have witnessed grand pageants in other cities,
among them the recent grand procession of
Knights Templar in Baltimore, with ilowing
white plumes and escorted by bands of mu
sic; hut seldom have I witnessed such a
magnificent spectacle as that of tho public
obsequies of this able representative of the
American colored people—of tho first colored
man who ever held an executive office in
lids country. I know not even if it has been
excelled in this city, noted for its popular
fondness for parades and holidays, except,
of course, by that which occurred here 20
years ago in honor of tho three illustrious
statesmen, Calhoun, Clay, and Webster,
which, so vast in its scale, so full in its de
tails, will not soon, if ever, ho equalled or
surpassed. But then these were white states
men, each of whom had devoted a lifetime
to his country’s cause. No grand cenotaph
was erected for Dunn as was for them; no
grand funeral car designed and executed
specialty for his remains, and drawn by
splendid horses with black velvet housings,
could ho had for this plain colored Governor;
nor were minute guns tired throughout the
day hut business was everywhere suspend
ed, from the courts and municipal offices, tho
Post Office and United States Custom House,
to stores, shops, couutiug-houscs, aud even
the humblest establishment of the humblest
individual; and there was a sufficiency ot
mourning insignia aud sable draperies, to
say nothing of tbo largest |aud most orderly
sable procession that ever paraded before,
accompanied by tho whole Metropolitan Po
lice force, under their Chief, Colonel Badger,
with his aids, mounted aud in simple cos
tume, the volunteer military companies, un
der command of their officers, aud the Ma
sonic fraternity, according to whose ritual
the body was interred.
PAGE’S FABjRAGUT,
The Ariittt PmrnfM It to the Grand Duke,
Who lEcccavct* the Gift on the I*ar( of the
Czar.
From the Now York World, Dec. 3.
The immense portrait of AdnnralFarragnt,
painted by Mr. Page aud representing the il
lustrious naval commander lashed to tho fut
tock-shrouds of his ship at the beginning of
tho battle in Mobile Bay during tho late civil
war, was yesterday formally presented to
the Czar of Russia, tlirough the Grand Duke
Alexis, at the National Academy of Design.
At 10;o0 a. in. about two hundred ladies and
gentlemen were assembled in the largo south
room, at the west end of which stood the
meat painting, reaching almost to the ceil
ing. An open space was preserved in the
centre of tho room where tho Grand
Duke and suite were to stand during the
presentation. All tho seats were arranged
facing this space, and the spectators could
sit on their comfortable chairs and obtain a
good view of the Prince’s form and features,
at the same time being able to hear every
word of the presentation speech and the re
sponse made by the Grand Duke. At 11
o’clock Alexis aud his suite arrived, all
dressed as civilians. They were received by
Mr. Page, Professor Morse, Mr diierstadt, aud
other artists constituting tho reception com
mittee, and were first shown some of tho
best paintings in the smaller rooms. Tho
Grand Duke intimated some anxiety to come
at once to business, aud the whole parti* en
tered the room where the audience was as
sembled. The Grand Duke stood up in the
centre of the open space, bis head uncovered,
and immediately he became tho observed of
all observers. General Dix then made tho
following presentation speech, tho Grand
Duke listening attentively, and turning to
look at the painting as often as it was al
luded to:
Y'otm Imperial Highness: In the name of the
citizens of New York, I have the pleasure of pro
seating to you, as the representative of the Em
peior of Russia, this picture of Admiral Farm
gut, which he has kindly consented to accept. It
is a faithful representation of one who gained the
highest distinction ns n naval commander, and
who endeared himself to his countrymen by Ms
ingenuousness, his gallantry, his patriotism, and
the purity of hie life. The artist, the President
of this academy, lias exhibited him in one of
those emergencies in which a man of great pres
ence of mind and decision of character instantly
resolves on the course of conduct or the act
which is best calculated to accomplish the object
which he has in view, and which a man
of ordinary powers would neither have at
tempted nor conceived. At the commence
ment of a desperate naval combat, in or
der that he might ascertain the plan of the com
mander of the hostile licet and the disposition
of its ships, ho went up the shrouds, re
maining there during the action, above the cloud
of smoke in which he was enveloped below, and
in this exposed position he gave his orders with
a promptitude and precision which no doubt con
tributed essentially to the successful issue of the
conflict. It is at tlic moment when the victory is
complete that he is represented in the picture,
calmly surveying the scene of strife. His coun
trymen have a grateful remembrance of the kind
ness with which he was received at St. Peters
burg; and it will gratify them to know that the
picture is to go there, as it were, in lasting
acknowledgment of the hospitable and distin
guished manner in which he was entertained by
the Emperor. Indeed, our chief gratification in
piceenuug it is that it is to have a place iuthe
capital or an empire between whichand ourselves
the closest relations of amity have existed from
an early porold inourhislory—relations which, we
euiuestiy hope, may continue to exist in all future
time. 'lho naval servlco has, in all maritime
countries, and in all ages, been a conspicuous and
brilliant oae, and 1 am sure 1 speak the feelings
of oil here present, when I express the hope that
the profession with which so many illustrious
names are idcntilicd may open to your Imperial
Highness a career of honor and fame. Whatever
ol duty, or peril, or heroic achievement the future
may have for the natives of Russia and the United
.Slates, the sincere, and I may add, the universal
desjie on our part is that they may never meet,
except for the interchange of courtesies, and as
messengers of peace and good will,
The moment that General Dix had finished
his speech, Alexis advanced a siugle step,
and spoke as follows
General Dix, Ladies and Gentlemen: Tn the
name of His Majesty the Emperor of Russia, I
have great pleasure in receiving the picture of
Farragut, jour great naval hero. Tlic picture
will be placed among His Majesty's collection,
where it will lie greatly cherished by His Majesty
and the Russian nation. Ho was a noble man,
1 hope we will all follow in his example. lam
proud of being iu the navy; it is a very honora
ble position. lam sincerely glad of the friend
ship which now exists between this country and
my own, ami I hope that Russia and America will
always live together iu the bonds of brotherlj'
friendship.
At the conclusion of the Grand Duke’s
speech he was heartily applauded, and after
walking up to the picture ami taking a
closer inspection the company began to dis
perse.
A scroll was handed to the Prince, within
which the following letter was engraved,
followed by the names of the subscribers to
the presentation:
To Ills2lajts!y, Alexander 11., Emperor and Am
locrat of all the Hussion
Sike The undersigned, citizens of North
America, unite in behalf of their countrymen in
ottering to your Imperial Majesty the accompany
iug picture, repiesentimi Admiral Farragut in
the shrouds of the Hartford during the xneinora
hlo battle of Mobile Hay, painted by William
Page, P. N. A. We ask your acceptance of the
same as a slight token of our appreciation of the
sympathy of your Majesty’s government and
people during the ■war for the Union, and also as
an appropriate recognition of the hospitable
courtesies shown by the civil authorities and
naval officers to the Admiral and his comrades
during their late visit to your empire, whoso
continued prosperity is the earnest desire of
your Majesty’s grateful frieds.
Last evening the Grand Duke attended a
dinner given at Delmonico’s by the New
Yoik Y’acht Club. It is expected that he
will attend divine service this morning at
Dr Bjeiriug’s church in Second avenue. In
tin; evening he will leave for Philadelphia,
to be ready for tbc reception on Monday,
A Rare Picture in New Orleans.
A New Orleans correspondent of the Cin
cinnati Gazette writes: “1 am reminded of a
rare old painting I saw last week, iu a pri
vate gallery of pictures by the old masters,
or other masters, collected in Europe before
the war, by an Orleanois, recently deceased.
It is a full-size portrait of Washington, iu a
queer old frame, said, iu a French catalogue
from which it was purchased, to have been
painted by Kembraudt Peale for Louis XVI.
passing after that monarch’s death into the
Lands of the Lafayette family, and
thence, after the revolutions, into the sales
room, where the Orleanois purchased it.
Although Bembrandt Peale, the son, was
ehielly known by a portrait he made of
Wellington from life studies, he was too
young at the age Washington sat for this
to have painted it. It may have bceu
painted by his father, Charles Wilson Peale,
who, at the time this was taken, was
almost the only artist in the country worthy
tin* naihe, aud who was so celebrated that ho
painted the portraits of most of the ollieers
ami other distinguished men of the country.
This rare portrait, with the residue of the de
ceased’s estate, was soon to bo sold. It was
ottered to me for $3,000, while $5,000 was ask
ed before the war. The Father of bis Coun
try in this portrait is decorated with a gold
en cross, hung about his neck with a nine
ribbon or collar, representing the Order of
the Holv Ghost, iu which order Louis XVI.
hod knighted him, the monarch being the
Grand Master or Sovereign of the order. It
was a military order peculiar to France. I
believe it was necessary for Washington to
be thus knighted before Marquis do La
fayetio. Count de Bocbambean.aud other dis
tinguished French officers, could servo under
him and maintain their dignity.”
Women si the ITnlrcroiiy of Cambridge
England.
Ihe recently published report of the cx
women, conducted by the Uui
r?, 111 l ‘'shows tint the propie
?'i f o L ll^,‘. sh I ,n «n “re extremely de
tective in a way \\hich iseasilv cxiihiinnhle
Less than 10 per cent, of the candidates were
up” u Ike language grown, but 43 per cent
were deficient rn a knowledge of arithmetic,
geography and English literature.
\oung ladies’ schools, as they are called
have long been noted for their absurd ami
dilettante way of teaching botanv.
aml geology, aud it is not surprising that
many women whosupposed themselves adepts
because they thought they know words.found
at the examination that they did not even
know! hese. In arithmetic all of the senior can
didates at the examination at Southampton
w« rc plucked, except one. In English com
position great inaccuracy iu punctuation was
i o’iced. aud probahlytlio "dash” was found
to be iu enormous excess. In Latin scholar
ship many of the women proved to bo ab
surdly deficient; in translation from tho
French then were inaccurate and unfaithful
to the text: in statistics, astronomy, and
dynamics only one candidate showed knowl
edge “thoroughly sound so far as it went,
and in geology and physical geography not
one did well. A fact worth noticing is that
in algebra the women were fairly skilled iu
the management of symbols,
hut had little idea of logical
proof. In this country’s ordinary sys
tem of education algebra preponderates
to an alarming extent; and is generally
well liked by female students, because the
symbols do away with so much mental labor,
and yet skill in the use of them produces
such accurate results. It is t in fact, a sort of
thing in close sympathy with what is sup
posed to ho woman’s intuition.” As an oil
set to this it should ho noticed that these
Englishwomen who underwent the exami
nation showed that they bad been conscien
tious aud diligent in tho study of political
economy, and generally had a creditable ap
prehension of its principles; aud yet they
were not profound therein, naturally. A
noteworthy fact is that these candidates did
best iu studies which they had, iu prepara
tion, taken up for tho first time, aud worst
in those in which their early lives had been
spent—a fact which nlaiuly shows defect in
the ordinary system of propaedeutic educa
tion.
POLITICAL.
The Anti-Dram Shop party in New York polled
2,701 votes for their ticket at the recent election—
a gain of 200 votes since last year.
—Tho next Gubernatorial election in Pennsyl
vania does not take place until October, 1872,
nevertheless an earnest canvass has already be
gun among tho Republicans of that State on tho
question of a candidate for Governor. Tho rc>
son of this early activity is that during the year
of the national election tho Republican candi
date holds a more prominent position before the
country than usual. Tho names mentioned in
connection with tho office most prominently nro
General Ilartrauft, General Henry ‘White, the
Hon. Francis Jordan, and tho Hon. James K.
Moorchead.
—A poll deal association, composed of returned
soldiers aud and sailors, has been formed in Bos
ton, and proposes to make its power felt in future
elections.
—Wendell Phillips, In a temperance lecture at
Worcester, last Friday night, said wo have now no
political party that dares to enforce the liquor
law, hut tho children of tho present generation
‘would sec a great uprising, that would wage a
successful war upon rum, or their children would
live in an empire.
—Tho Democratic paper iu Springfield, Ohio, fa
vors Greeley for President.
—The new Senator from Georgia, Mr. Norwood,
is credited with saying that Speech-making, let
ter-writing, aud newspaper articles are the banc
of the South,” aud announcing his intention to
avoid these faults.
—C. C. Bowen presented his credentials in the
South Carolina House of Representatives on Sat
urday, as a member from Charleston, aui was ad
mitted by a vote of 73 to 22, in spite of objections
on account of bis marriage record.
—Tho Louisiana Democratic State Central Com
mittee has issued an address in favor of main
taining the party organization, aud declining any
alliance with either wing of the ruling party iu
that State.
—ln the California Legislature, the Democrats,
having a majority of four iu tho Senate, will take
the same action the Republicans did four years
ago—removing tho power of appointing tho com
mittees from the Lieutenant-Governor.
—The leading organ of the Maryland Democra
cy. tin; Baltimore Gazette, is not in favor of the
passive policy, or of any of its modifications. It
says: There is nothing more demoralizing than
to desert principle for expediency. We have
had proof of that in tlio Vallandigham New De
parture, and of which tho Now York World was
the foster father. Aro wo to bo tricked again
into a similar delusion 1”
PERSONAL.
Mr. M. M. Ballou, the publisher of tho Tutorial
of former days, undeterred by tho fate of Every
Saturday, will soon start an illustrated weekly.
—Mr. I). A. A. Buck, a Worcester (Mass.) Jew
oler, has constructed a miniature steam engine,
which is probably the tiniest thing in the world of
the kind. The machinery is gold and silver, com
prising ns pieces, fastened together with screws,
the largest of which is one-eighth of an inch in
size. The engine, boiler, governor, and pumps
stand in a space seven-sixteenths of an inch
square, and are live-eighths of an inch high. The
engine alone weighs hut fifteen grains, and yet
every part is complete, and it may ho set in mo
tion hi filling the boiler with water and applying
heat, being supplied witli all valves, Ac., to ho
found an ordinary upright engine. It is a marvel
of mechanical ingenuity.
—The Duke Alexis Reception Committee, at
Boston, want to buy off Theodore Thomas from
giving a concert there the night of the hall, ami
also want his orchestra to play for tho ball.
Theodore will say yes for just $3,000.
—William Simms, a playmate of Hawthorne’s
when a boy at Raj-iuoud, uml who over after
ward enjoyed the firm friendship of tho great
romancer, recently died at Pensacola, Fla. Mr.
Simms, who was a mulatto, had possession of the
first note-hook or diary of Hawthorne, x»orlionsof
which he has occasionally published with his own
reminiscences of the author.
—Thomas Daoc-y, of Lowell, Mass., who is 90
years old and Jiving with his third wife, recently
became a happy father fur the thirty-fourth time.
—'The wife of Dr. Charles A. Phelps, United
States Pension Agent at Boston, was on Saturday
last committed to a lunatic hospital by the Pro
bale Court, on the petition of her son, Charles H.
Phelps, and her brother, ex-Scnator Harris, of
Albany. The depositions of some of the most
eminent medical experts in the country were pre
sented by the petitioners, Mrs. Pholps, on tuo
other hand, occupying nine days in telling her
own story without cross-examination. X)r.
Phelps, her husband, was not a party on the
record nor a witness. The case has been in the
court s for several years.
—Miss Betsey Williams, who died tho other day,
in her 82(1 year, cherished the memory of her great
ancestor, and in her will leaves a farm to the city
of Providence, with tho proviso that a monument
be erected to Roger Williams, which shall cost not
less than SSOO.
—Mrs. J. S. Cannon, of Bryan, Pa., has com
menced action against nine whiskey-sellers and
the proprietors of two buildings In which saloons
are kept, in that place, for selling intoxicating
liquors to her husband during his lifetime.
Tho aggregate amount of damages claimed is
$90,000.
—lt is said that Robert Gibson, who was recent
ly killed in the rubber factory at New Haven,
was the only employe who understood the secret
process of welding rubber, and his death is.a seri
ous loss to the company,
—John 8. C. Abbott has given tho world some
rather curious biographies, but the climax of all
is his lust effort to get Nero right. He has dis
covered that that gentleman did not fiddle dur
ing the burning of Borne, because he didn't know
how, and because ho was nearly a hundred miles
away during the eonllagration.
MIS CELL AKE OTJS.
There are fifty Greek merchants in Constantino
ple, ami they are the richest persons iu tho city.
Their combined wealth is estimated at $100,000,-
coo, and they-monopolize tho entire trade of tho
metropolis of Turkey.
—A dead whale, sixty feet long, came ashore at
Point Shirley, m Winthrop, Mass., on Saturday
moruiug.
—One of the prisoners at the Northern Peniten
tiary, last week, deliberately fastened his baud iu
a block, fixed for tho purpose, and run It under a
buzz-saw, which cut off three of his lingers In a
very artistic manner. His object was to escape
further hard labor.
—The Wilmington (Del.) Commercial gives an
account of tho semi-annual exhibition of punish
ment inflicted by the pillory and lash in Newcas
tle, last Saturday. Among those whipped was a
man who had been at tho “post” three times bo
fore. He said he had all tho manhood whipped
out of him the first time, and since then ho didn’t
care for anything. Eight other persons were
punished with twenty lashes each, and several
with anjiour in the pillory in addition. All of
the offences were petty larcenies.
—lt cost tho city of Boston SIO,OOO for tho part
it took in laying the corner-stone of tho Post
Ollk-c, the entertainment of President Grant and
other guests on the occasion.
—The marble quarries of Vermont are literally
mines of wealth. Over a thousand men are em
ployed, and many of tho mills where tho sawing
Is done is valued at SIOO,OOO. Tho marblo is sold
at prices ranging from $1.50 to $U per cubic foot
—Alarmed by tho designs of Boston on Lako
Cochituale, which supplies that city with water,
tl*e Worcester (Mass.) Gazette calls on tho Worces
ter authorities to take possession of it for that
city, which can be done without delay under tho
existing laws. The lake is within tho limits of
Worcester.
—Boston is talking of a commission to consider
Ih<* expediency of uniting Boston. Brookline,
Brighton, Charlestown and Somerville in ono
municipality.
—California has 30,000,000 grapevines growing.
—Wilmington University, Delaware, has fifty
eight female students.
—An amateur naturalist iu Washington has col
lected ninety-eight cats of different colors, to as
certain if the proverb bo true which says that
they will all become gray in the dark.
—Tbo New York reporters have adopted tho
P.ueslan style. Here is a sample item: “A dis
pute arose yesterday in a State street vodkishop
between two tchlnovniks employed in tho Custom
House with regard to ttio dismissal of Tom Mur
phy, One of them was rash enough to call the
other a aalmkoutchtlovek. which led toblowa. A
boutosnik was called in, and by tho free use of
his club succeeded in bringing both tho duraks to
reason,”
WATCHES AN3> JEWELRY.
OTMIeS
Established, 1856
Burned up, Oct. 8 and 9, 1871
Re-established, Oct. 12,1871
AT
479 Wabash-av.,
Corner JEldridge-court,
And is opening the most elegant
assortment of
HOLIDAY HOODS
Ever shown in Chicago. The
above stock having been select
ed by Mr. Miller in his late trip
to Europe and designed for his
magnificent store in process of
erection, corner State and Madi
son-sts., which was also destroy
ed in the late conflagration.
Hr. miller’s connections abroad bare not
been severed, triilch enables bim now, as in
the past, to stand as tbe leading Jeweller of
tbc West. Also, bas bis manufacturing De
partment in full operation, retaining all tbe
old first-riass workmen, and Is prepared to
make or repair Jewelry, Watches, Silver
ware, Ac., to order.
A. Iff. MSIiIiJEH,
479 Wabasli-av.,
Late Corner Clark and Rnndolph-sts,
H. in CO,
Jewellers.
IlllIJii;, I GOODS.
We have a Full Assortment of
Mew Goods in both
Wholesale Retail
BEPAS.TMaaTTS.
481 Wabash-av.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
0. W. ADAMS CO.,
Wo. 11 Canal-st, Room 1,
Arc now paying particular attention to
handling
DRESSED HDDS,
And Bill make Liberal Advances on Con
algnmcnts.
RUMSEY. WILLIAMS CO.,
4S CANAL-ST.,
Arc now paying particular attention to handling
DS.ESSHB SSOCtS,
And will make liberal advances on consignments of
same.
Dally market Reports, Weight Lists, and
Stencils furnished upon application.
JONES RAYMOND,
Commission Merchants Provision Dealers,
Scar old Chamber of Commerce,
Corner La Salle and Washlngton-sts., Chicago.
Particular attention paid to haniliing
Pressed Hogs.
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
A NEW ROUTE
FROM
CHICAGO
TO
SPRINGFIELD
The Illinois Central Railroad, In connection with tho
Gilman, Clinton and Springfield Railroad, Is now run
ning now and elegant sleeping cars through to Spring
field without change. Trains leave tho depot, foot of
Twenty-second st. at 7:10 p. m Now and lino day
coaches are also run through on tho train leaving
Twenty-secoud-fet. at 9:50 ft. in.
The time by this route is us quick, and tho faro as
low, as by any other.
Passengers by tills route leaving Chicago at night
remain in sleeping car at Springfield until morning,
thus avoiding tho disagreeable necessity of leaving
the cars before daylight, incident to other routes.
TOBACCO.
THE FIRST MANUFACTORY IN THe'bURNT
DISTRICT.
CHICAGO
TOBACCO WOBSS,
VvATT JOIIiVSON, Proprietors,
ARCADE COURT,
Rear of 160 LnSnllo at,
PAPER HANGINGS.
j. j. McGrath,
Importer and Jobber of
Hangings,
Decorations and Window Shades,
Respectfully informs his friends and tho trade that he
has opened his new warehouse,
581 and 583 State-st., cor. Twelfth,
With a full and complete new stock, which ho will
offer at factory prices.
Orders respectfully solicited and satisfaction guar
anteed.
FURNISHING GOODS.
Gents’ Furnishing Goods.
WES. a. WHITE CO.,
234 Itliclrigau-av., cor. Harrison-st.,
have a new full stock of Men’s ‘Under
wear, Wool Gloves, Mittens, Socks and
Scarfs. Duck Overalls of all kinds. Blue
Kersey, Melton and Ladies’ Cloth. Shirts.
Cardigan Jackets, in all qualities, very
cheap
WANTED.
We will pay tho highest market price for
2,000 Empty Carbon Oil Barrels.
CORY. BARRETT HANNA,
153 Michigan -av.. comer Adams-at.
FINANCIAL.
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 23 Qnlncy.at.,
between State and Dearborn. Office ioura, from 9la
the morning tl 41n thesyeninj.
CROCKERY. ETC.
ttiH&IHl,
201 E. ladlson-st.,
Have a full line of
Crockery,
Glassware,
Bar Goods,
Lamps,
And Lamp Fixtures,
Open stock and original pack
ages, which they offer
Wholesale Eetail
At the lowest market prices.
BUSINESS CHANCES,
RARE CHANCE
For Manufacturers.
FOR SALE—The Works known as tho Hydraulic
Lead ami Oil Co., situated on tlio corner of Green and
Fulion-sts. We will sell tlio whole or a partial In*
tcrcst. They aro in perfect order, running full time,
on Linseed Oil, Patty, and Load; and parties having
capital and skill will llud this an excellent dunce to
c-mbark in tho Linseed Oil and White Lead business,
nquire of E. W. BLATCHFORD CO.,
PITTSBURGH
PLOW FACTORY
roa sas.b,
Tho attention of Manufacturers ia invitertto the old
and well-established Valley Forgo Plow Works,”
situated In Pittsburgh, Pa., together witli the trade
and good will, machinery, patterns, etc. which is of
fened for'salo for 530.000. now doing a largo and profit
able business. For particulars address
VALLEY FORGE PLOW WORKS,
No. 121 Liberty-st.. Pittsburgh. Pa.
REMOVALS.
REMOVAL.
LEOPOLD KUH&CO.,
Manufacturers of, and Jobbers in
Woollen Tailor Trimmings, Etc.,
170 MICHIGAN-AV.,
(BETWEEN ADAMS AND JACKSON-STS-),
“We take pleasure to arm ounce to our pa
tron?, and the trade in general, that we have
removed to our spacious brick store, 170
Hichigan-av., where, with our manufactur
ing department in complete order, are ready
to fill all orders promptly.
REMOVAL.
HARE BRO'mSRS,
Wholesale Mens’ Furnishing Goods and Manufacturers
of Shirts Drawers, Overalls, «kc.. beg to announce to
their friends and patrons that they have removed
from their temporary place of business, S3 and 30 Sis
teeiith-st. xotheirnewlmildingon Michigan av., Park
Front, third door north of Jacksonst. Ourstock being
compete in every department, wo aro happy to assure
tlmi-e who wish to patronize us that wo can serve them
to their entire satisfaction. Orders faithfully exo
cuted and tilled with despatch.
HART BROTHERS.
Robert T. JLincoln
has removed Ids Law Office to
16 Congre ss»st
HARDWARE.
CHICAGO.
CINCINNATI. NEW YORK.
j. L WAYNE SON,
14 Mouth Caaal-st.,
Formerly 190 Lakc-st.,
Dealers in BUILDERS’, CABINET, and
GENERAL HARDWARE, UPHOL
STERERS’ GOODS, and UNDERTAK
ERS’ TRIMMINGS.
C-AJESjO.
In connection with the above, Mr. Geo.
E. Bliss, formerly of Tyler Bliss and
Jackson Bliss, would he pleased to see
his former customers and friends.
ATWATER CO.,
Through the great fire of Octobers. Re-established No
vember 15, on tlie old ground.
No. 175 Randolph-st.,
And ready to fill promptly all orders wo may bo fa
vored with for goods in our line of
Heavy Hardware, Farming Tools,
CONTRACTORS’ SUPPLIES. &c.
MEDICAL.
DR. 0. C. SOBERS,
Formerly corner State and Uadlson-sts.,
tabes pleasure In announcing to bis many
friends and patrons that bis
Medical and Electrical Institute,
For the treatment of PfERVOBS and CQROYIC
DISEASES, 1b again in fall running order,
and Is as COMPLETE liV EVERY RESPECT as
before the fire. The institute Is situated at
632 WEST WASHINGTON-ST.,
Corner of Lincoln, where be will be pleased
to see bis former palrons, and as many
more as may choose to avail themselves of
tils treatment.
BEAD AND OII< WORKS*
CHICAGO
LEAD ©IL WORKS
Established 1851. Burnt and Rebuilt 1559.
MANUFACTURERS OP
Dead Pipe, Sheet Lend, Bar and Pig Bend.
Pure Rnw nnd Boiled Linseed Oil and Ground
Oil Cake, for feeding.
AllOTir Linseed Oil is guaranteed strictly pure and
full weight
Office: CHICAGO SHOT TOWER CO.,
Manufacturers of Drop Shot. Buck Shot, and Balls.
Orders from tbo trade solicited.
W. BLATCHi'OEB St CO.,
70 North f'llnton-at*
SHIRTS.
SHIRTS.
At B. C. ROGERS CO.’S,
334 West Madison-st.. corner Aberdeen.
kSßaflliS l M. V3j AT WILSON BROS,,
931 Wfthash-av.. 83 West Washington Bt., Chicago, and
Bike’s Opera House. Cincinnati
EDUCATIONAL.
KEEPER HALL, REYOSHA. WIS.
Asa first-class institution for girls and young ladles.
Kemper Hall, elegantly equipped andappointea, offers!
In every department, sut erior advantages.
Special and liberal terms made with Chicago suffer
ers. BupHs received nt any time. References: Tho
Rev. bocke. D.D Rector Grace Church, the
Rev. J°lm llkinson. Rector Holy Communion, and
Joseph B. Clarkson, Esq., 4*l Wahash-av., from any
Ss® lr c l‘ larrt s ia y« at any time, be obtained
particulars address Rev. GEO. M. F.verhart, D.D.,
UNDERWEAR,
UISDERWEAIR
IN GREAT VARIETY,
At B. C. ROGERS CO.’S,
334 West Madisqa-st., coiner Aberdeen.
BUSINESS CARDS.
MEAD HIGGINS
Wholesale Grocers,
301 S 306 West WasWnjton-st.,
Offer a full line of goods at very
low prices.
Call and see ns.
GA6E BEOS. GO.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
901 Indiana-ar., between Twentieth and
TweDty.firnt-Ht*.
WAHL BROTHERS
Are now permanently located at 129 M!chlgan-av.,
where they are in lull supply of all grades of
GLUE MD NEATSFOOT Oil.
Cash for Gluo stock.
WORTMWJESTERJV
Horse Nail Company,
rs WEST 'VAJX BUREN-ST.
Vc lake pleasure In advising the trade that we are
again In complete running enter. We shall mn night
and day. aim shall exert ourselves to fill orders with
oil possible despatch. No change in prices.
A. W. KINGSLAND, Sec’y.
EAGLE IRON FOUNDRY,
(Established in 1840,)
SAKUEL J. CRESWELL, Jr.,
812,811,816, and 818 Racc-st,
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, lintel-. Columns, eta.
etc. Lightandheavy Water Pipes. Sinks, eta Fire
Doors, Pars, and Bakers’ Oven Castings, eta Old
castings of all descriptions.
THE ILLINOIS ISON WORKS,
Corner of Wells and Van Baren»sts>,
have reopened their bnslnesa again, and are prepared
to take orders for ventilators, slmtters, gratings, rail
ings, stairs, and all kinds of building work. Partlcu*
lar attention will bo paid to the manufacturing of
screw-jacks, derricks, eta
A. BOLTER. Proprietor.
CORY, BARRETT RAMA,
Brokers and dealers in Drugs, Paints, Oils, and Win*
dow Glass; Carbon Oil, Naphthas, 74 u andß5 a Gasoline
lor lamps and pas machines.
158 Mlcliigan-ar., lake front*
corner of Adnms.st.
70 North C!inton-st
GILBERT SI. SMITH,
BGOKKK,
J%'o. 17 IFarmon-court.
S. S. GKSSI.EY,
TOYS.
Vergho, Buhliag Co.’s Be tail Store,
934 State-st.
SS. W. H. BYPORB’S
755 Walbasla-av.,
CORKER SIXTEENTH-ST.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractor's,
09 S. Clinton-st., Chicago.
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
70 and 78 Illlnols-st., corner of North Franklin,
Building machinery and other castings made to or
der. Pulleys, 10,12, 14, 16,18. 20, 21, 30 and 36 inch, any
desired width of face. Grate bars and sash weights.
R. M. EDDY.
Have SKATES, SLEIGH-BELLS, and a full lino of
J. WILSON’S BUTCHER-KNIVES and STEELS.
TERRA COTTA.
ALL ORDERS FOR
WINDOW AND DOOR CAPS,
BELT COURSES, CORNICES,
BRACKETS, CHIMNEY TOPS,
VASES, HANGING BASKETS,&c.,
FILLED AT OLD PRICES BY THE
mfiOTncomcfl.
Factory and Office, near the corner
Sixteenth and Renhen-sts.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ESTEY
ORGANS
The sweetest, purest, richest tone.
The easiest, quickest, and mostDUß-
AßLEaction. TheonlyOrgan contain
ing the genuine VOX HUMANA and
wonderful VOX JUBILANTE.
A full assortment of the latest now and elegant styles
Inst received. Prices as low and terms as favorable as
heretofore.
Organs to Bent or for Sale on Instalments.
STORY CAMP,
(Late Organ Department of Reed's Temple of Music.
General Agents lor tbe Northwest*
409 West Randolph-st., Chicago.
THE MOST EXTENSIVE
TRUNK FACTORY
m THE WEST.
TOME GBITSEE,
(Before the tiro H. Voglcr <t Co.)
No. 203 Michigau-av.,
Are now prepared to fill orders for
Trunks, Valises, and Travel
ling Bags,
With former promptness and to any extent. Orders
per mail will receive prompt attention.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE—COPAETEEEBHIP.
The undersigned have this day asso
ciated themselves together under the
firm and name of Wm, Young Co., for
the purpose of a gereral commission
business. WM. YOUNG.
ALEX McD. YOUNG.
RANSOM W. DUNHAM.
Chicago. Dec. 2.1871.
DISSOLUTION.
Messrs. Sharp TJiain. of the Chicago Advertising
.Agency, have this dav dissolved tuc CDinnuership
heretofore cxMRg under that title by mutual con
scut, Mr. R.S. Thain retiring. All accounts will bo
settled bv Geo. W. Sharp at his new and spacious of
fice, Lind's Block. GEO- W. SHARP.
RICHARD S. THAIN.
Chicago, Dec. 1,1871.
dissoiutiout.
The copartnership heretofore existing between Drs.
O. J. Bergk and Donald Fraser, at 712 South Halstcd
st., under the firm name of Bergk Fraser has beau
dissolved hynmtnal consent Donald Fraser continuing
the business at the same place.
__ _ O. J. BERGK. 31. D.,
Chicago, Nor. 17. 1871. DONALD FRASER 31 D
Iter ii later Bite
HALLOCE WHEELER,
23 West Randolph-st., have now a full
stock of the above. Also Engine and
Conducting Hose, Rubber Clothing, and
Rubber Goods generally.
BLANK BOOKSL^^
Blank Books
BBLED AND MADE TO OEDEK HT ONE
"WEEK, AT
DONOHUE, WILSON HENNEBERBI’S,
30, 32 AND 34 NORTH CANAL-9T.
solicited from Merchants, Bankers, Bail*
reads, and insurance Companies.
364 Wabash-av.
Office is removed to
GLOBE FOUNDRY,
J. I*. WAYNE SON,
14 North Canal-st.,
TERRA COTTA.
TRUNKS.
rubber goods.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MASONIC RELIEF.
GRAND COMMANDERY
MIGHTS TEMPLAR
Of the State of Illinois,
cm rvirnro 0P GnAND COMMLVDKR.
rrn^^«lu^3 S «#*Vii t^e :u>nnal conclave of the Grand
rnfm n ..l U n e 7 ?H llllo l the undersigned were ap*
to re s elvo and disburse such
fmids as have been, or may he. contributed for the ro
lief of buffering fair Knights, or their families, by the
lato fire. The commanders of Apollo Commanderr No
1, Chicago Commandety No. li»,and St, Bernard Coml
mandery No. 35, aro cooperating with tho committee,
and applications to either of them 'will receive attend
tion. and to assist In that object wo have also appoint
ed Sir E. N. Tucker, Becorder of Apollo Cemmaadery
No. 1. K. T., as agent, to examine and report such coses
as may be presented to him for relief.
W. M.EGAN.)
J. H. MILES, Committee,
B.H.EOSS, J
Chicago, Dec. 4. isri.
Tho undersigned having been appointed as above, to
assist the coromitteo in their labor, would respectfully
ask that any fair Knight know of any member of our
order In need of aid, from, or in consequence of tho lato
fire, report tho same to me, so that their wants may bo
supplied from the bounty received from our “nobla
and magnanimous fraters.” Courteously.
y. Ni TUCKKH,
Boom 3, Masonic Building, corner Hals ted and Ban
dolph-sts, from 3to 5 p<- m., or at 1113 Pralrio*ar
other hours _
JAMES IT. MILES, Gr. Becorder.
WILEY M. EGAN, Gr. Commander.
Attest:
OFFICE OF THE
GKASI) SECKETAKY
OP THE
Grand Royal Arch Chapter
OF THE
STATE OF ILLINOIS.
The undersigned have been appointed hr if. E.
Companion, James A. Hawley, Grand High Priest, as
a committee to receive and disburse such funds as may
he contributed for the relief of suffering Companions
by the lato fire (tbc High Priests of Lafayette Chapter,
No. 2; Washington Chapter, No. <l3; Corinthian Chap,
ter. No. Gi Wily il. Egan Chapter, No. 125; Chicago
Chapter, No. 127; and union Park Chapter, No. 143,
are cooperating with the’eommittoe), and to assist in
that object we have appointed Companion E. N.Tucker,
Secretary of Lafayette Chapter, No. 2, R. A. 3L. as
agent, to examine and report such cases as maybe pre
sented to him for relief.
W. if. EGAN,
j. n. ariLES, Committee.
31. H. .FOSS,
CHICAGO, NOV.. 1371.
Tlic undersigned haring hem appointed. as above, to
assist tlic Committee in their labor, would respectfully
ask tliat any Companion B. A.M., knowing of any mem
ber R. a. M. in need of aid from, or lu consequence of,
the late lire, report the same to me. so that their wants
may bo supplied from the bounty received from tho
Royal Craft. Fraternally. E. N. TUCKER,
Room 3 Masonic Building,''corner of Randolph and
Halsted-sts., from 3 to 5 p. m., or at 1113 Rrome-ar.
otlier hours of day.
ATTEST
JAMES H. MILES,
Grand Secretary.
To CajtiisaM Teal Oners.
We will furnish dockage for vessels
for the winter at South Chicago, and
also storage for sails, &c., free of
charge.
We have spacious accommodation,
where vessels and property will not be
exposed to damage from fire, and
where repairs may be made. Harbor
open and free for entrance. Address
Capt, McDole, at South Chicago, or
The Calumet and Chicago Canal and
Dock Co,, at 360 Wabash-av. Owners
will pay expenses of putting property
in store and removing, but nothingfor
storage and dockage.
CALC MET AND CHICAGO
CMLI 9 9DCKCBII
Eiver-st., South Chicago,
And 360 "Wabash-av., Chicago.
NOTICE.
COiDHTTEE OF SPECIAL RELIEF, 1
Church of the Messiah, 1
(Corner Wabash-av. andHubbard-court,)
Chicago, Dec. 2,1371. J
In view of the fact that applicants for relief are n*w
permitted to apply to the District Superintendents by
letter, without personal attendance at the depots, no
further-necessity exists for any applications ror sup
plies being madu to tho Special Committee, and, from
and after the 9th inst. (under instructions from the
Executive Committee to that effect), the work of the
Special Committee will bo exclusively limited to appli
cations for aid in purchasing sewing machines, ami to
affording relief in special cases, by the payment of
money to applicants who have received no other relief,
in such cases and for such amounts os have been
authorized by the Executive Committee.
E. C. LABNED, Chairman.
6ALLERY OB’
Fine Chromos, &c.
Tlio ladies and public are respectfully invited to In
spect my Gallery of Fine Chremos, both foreign and
imported, which I offer at 50 cents on the dollar for tho
next few days.
H. S. HAAS, 718 Wabash-av.
CHICAGO RUINS.
The largest and most varied assortment published.
Alsu,
CHICAGO BEFOBE THE FIRE.
Wholesale and retail. Seat by mail on receipt of
price. Stereoscopic, $2.50 doz; Stereoscopic, artistic
or wide, Irom Barnard's negatives, §4.00 doz; Cabinets
from Barnard's negatives, ft.oo doz; Cards for Album.
BOVEJOY FOSTER,
309 V cst Bandolpli-st., Chicago, near Carpenter.
BURNT PAPER.
Writing Perfectly Restored.
The -writing on papers badly charred. In fact so
much so that great care had to bo taken to prevent
them from failing to pieces, havo been perfectly re
stored by using our
INK DEVELOPER.
More than fifty different firms have already used it
with perfect success incopyingtlieirbooksanupapers.
Call at our office, unlon i’ark, corner Madison-st.
__ J. MORRIS «fc CO.
Grand Duke Alexis.
A splendid tinted lithograph of the GRAND DUKE
AX.EXIS, of Russia, will bo given away to all persona
calling for it. at the TEA STORE of the Groat Atlan
tic and Pacific Tea Co.,
114 U'wi Wanliinston*it.
Livery.
We having completed onr new Stables on West Mon
roe-bt, at ico and 102, shall bo pleased to famish livery
to out customers on reasonable terms.
WRIGHT BROTHERS.
TO BANKERS
And others. Why don’t you build banlf vaults, &c.. of
FIRE BRICK!
ROBINSON A SOX.. 215 East Madlson-gL
FOR SAXE.
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
FOB SAXE AT
Tribune Office,
15 South Canal-st.
cm in mi a aim.
The Campbell Printing Press
Generously donated by the Inventor to be sold for the
relief ot the sufferers by the bite fire, is now np and in
Deration at Messrs. HORTON LEONARD’S es
tablishment. No. io Noun* jeffersox-st. Ail Inter
ested arc Invited to call and examine its workings.
For terms of sale applvto'N. K. PAIRSANK,at
Standard Hall, corner Mlcliigan-av. and Thlrteenth-st..
between 2 and 4 p. m.
Sugar-Cured Bacon Hams.
small consignment of the celebrated
BRAND of Canvassed, Sagar-Cured
Hama; also, of the SIMMS BRAND ”of Hams, both
well-known and highly-appreciated in the Eastern and
boutnern cities. They are tolerably heavy, average M
tolS» ma; are in choice order; very Juicy, and moat aait
-sS}* r the requirements of hotels and restaurants,
will he sold at moderate prices In quantities of l Ueroa
upward, to close consignment, hv
HENRY MILWARD CO-
Room l. No. 100 Rixteenth-st
SASH, DOOES AND BLINDS
A full assortment Dressed Flooring and Siding
thoroughly seasoned, at low prices for cash—also 100
m shingles,— at MCMAKIN’S Mill, tf-M and 82C Stale
st.
LOOK
1,000 kits, nearly 17 ponncLs each, and big. fat, new,
English Breakfast Mackerel; splendid goods, and »c
el 00 to $1 25 per kit 3V31. H. SQUlßEjiCoramlsslon
Met chant 211 Mlchlgan-av„ north of LTougreas-st,
Pha-nlx Block.
Prime Mexican Vanilla Beans,
In bond or duty paid. For sale by CORY, BARRETT
HANNA. JSS Michigan-av., corner Adams- at
Bm I Bins! MICKS I
»t. TPhildplpbiA.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
»p* a pEBBINS’ sauce.
,MUA Pronounced by Connoisseurs
ii >pun ONLY GOOD SAUCE.”
it Improves appetite and digestion, and It is unrival
e<U^r iSL'dS&eJ by Mescra. LEA PEimrtfSl to
Agent* M.WYOI*.
3