ILLINOIS LEGISLATURE.
Proceedings of Hie House and
Senate 6« Friday.
A Bill to Believe the City of Chi
cago from the Canal Debt.
Act for an Appropriation for the Peo
i- pie who Suffered Loss in the
Great Fire.
Following is the report of tbe proceedings of
the Legislature »>n Friday, which could not bo
transmitted by telegraph;
TQR HOUSE
was called to order ot noon by Speaker Smith,
and tho Clerk read the Governor’s proclama
tion.
Rev. Mr. Carnahan made a prayer, in which
he alluded In pathetic terms to the cause of the
meeting.
The Clerk was directed to inform the Senate
that the House was ready to proceed to busi
ness, and Mcrsrs. Barnes of Morgan. King of
Cook, and Miller ot St.Clair were appointed a
committee to wait upon the Governor.
The rules and standing committee* of tho last
session were continued.
Mr. Springer offered resolutions tendering the
sympathy of tbe Stale to the suffVrcrs by the
fire. They were unanimously adopted, and tho
Secretary of State was directed to present a copy
to the Mayor of Chicago.
The Governor-sent in a shoit mwags an
nouncing that ho had not time to elaborate Dis
views aa-t*» the -course to be pursued, but would
be prepared tulo so on Monday.
Mr. Waits offered resolution, which was
adopted, providing tb’it all vacancies ia.««»ce*
to bo filled by the House or speaker be given to
sufferers by the five.
\lr Sullivan offered a resolution instructing
the Committee on Stole Insiituti-ms to inquire
what measures should b»* taken t«» T‘-m'»vo the
inmates ol the Chicago Reform benoul to the
Reform School at Pontiac.
The r-solnti'm was rc t-rred.
I Mr. Boot offered tho following;
A Bill lor no Act to relieve the Lon of the City
of Chicago upon tbe Illinois ft M;ca gan L-uml
and revenues, by refunding tu said city the
amount-expended by it in maki.ig the mi
pr-venent contemplated-by An act to pr—
vide for tbccouipleuou of the Illinois X Mich
igan Canal, upon tue plni u l0 l >t
State in 1835, 7 approved February IG. 18& i, to
gether with the tntcfo-t thtre-n, ua author
ized by Section 5 of said Act.
Whereas. Too city of.Chicago hat expended a
large amount «fmoney, to-wiij thesumul two
and a halt million* of dollars, t« secure.the com
pletion of tho Si-c-md div-stuu ol the Illinois and
Michigan Canal, under and pursuant to the pr»-
viMons of said aci. t approved February IC.
1865* and whereas, th* said city has a vested hen
u.-on th« said can*!, wish iu revenues, subject
to auy oa-al debt ex*** mg at the time of the
Dasiaga cf said-acs.; ami whereas, said debt h.t*
been lul.y paid and cancelled: and wnereas. the
Canal Trustee? have do ivefed to the biate of il.j
nou possession and c ntr -I of said cauai; ana
whereas, it is provided by Section 5 of said act
as follows: “The State of Illinois may, at any
time relievo tais lionmmn tno canal and reve
nues. by refund.ng to the city ot Chicago the
amount expended in making the c .ntcinplaled
impr»v-meat, and the iutcrest tb-roon. Now,
Skctiox 1. Bo it enacted by the People of the
Slate ot Illinois, represented in the General As
sembly, Tnat the sum of-....—, be aud tno same
is hereby appropriated lor iho purpose of reliev
ing the lien as aforesaid, being the sum of two
and a half millions **f dollars, witn interest
thereon. Irom which said sum t? hereby
refunded to »«id city, and stmli bo paid to the
said city as soon ns the said city shall execute
and deliver to tho State of Illinois a proper re
lease of said li*n. to ibe *atislaction ot the Gov
ernor; and tho Auditor ol the Slate, under tho
direction ot the Governor, Is hereby directed to
draw his warrants f«.r said sura «»f money, paya
ble out of any moneys iu tue Treasury m»t oth
erwise appropriated, which said warrants
may, at the option of tho holder, bo
converted into bonds of tho Statu, payable in ten
years, with intercstat 6 percent peram.um; and
tho Governor and Secretary of State are hereby
authorized tocxecutuiach bonds in sums of nut
Jess than iSOO each, and tbe same shall t>o regis
tered ia the ofilci uf the Auditor, and payable in
tbe city »f New York, and shall be designated us
Canal Lieu Bonds."
Wbcbbas, By reason of a groat conuafraUon
in the city of Chicago, tho public buildings,
bridges, and other public improvements have
been totally destroyed, and the business ol the
courts is suspended, whereby an emergency ex
ists as a reason why this act shall take effect be
fore the Ist day of July next; tueroturo.
Be it further enacted. That this act sball take
■effect and be in furce irom and alter its passage.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a first
rime, and ordered to a seeoi.d reading, and to be
printed.
Mr. Springer ofiered the following bill, which
was read a first time, ordered printed, and to a
second reading:
A Bill for an act to make an appropriation fur
the reltet of the people ot tho city of Chicago,
and to authorize a loan to meet a casual deficit
in tbe funds oi ibe State.
fixcrion 1. Be if enacted bv the people of the
State of Illume, repreeented tu the General At
eemblv, Tfiat the sum of five Hundred tnuusaud
dollars be, and (be aamo b hereby appropriated,
out of any moneys in the Treasury nut other
wise appropriated, to be paid upou the order oi
the G -verm»r, upon warrants drawn by the
Auditor on the Treasurer, lor tho purpose o*
relieving the people ot the city ofCbicago. made
destitute by the rccuot conflagration in thai
city: said appropriation to be eXpcndo i under
the direction of tho Governor, and iu such man
ner os he may indicate.
Sec. 2. That, fur the purpose of meeting a
casual deficit in tbe Treasury, occasioned t>y the
appropriation mado in the foregoing section uf
this act, the Governor, Auditor, and Treasurer
are hereby authorized t» contract u loan oi
-5150,W0. upon the bonds of tbe State of Illinois,
•bearing 6 per centum interest annually, payable
semi-annually, in tho city of New York; which
shall be payable at the pleasure oi the Statu
alter years after toe unto hereof, aud shall
be uf such denominations us tue Governor mo)’
deedi advisable, aud "hull be kuuwn us the
Coicago Relief Bonds." and tho p.ocueds
thereof shall be applied, as far as they muy
rcalize, to meeting iuo appropriation iu..uj iu
the brat section ot this act.
Sec* 3. llict, -Menem au emergency exist.- re
quirtus this act to take etfoct immediately;
namely, the grout distress uuJ s offering ot t»v
peupic of tbo city of Cuie.ig brnugut aoout by
the recent destruction, by Ur,’, ui a great porium
of said city: therefore, this act shall uko effect
and be iu turce from nud iif.er Its passage.
Air. Waite offered a. resolution providing for
tbe loan to Uie city ui Chicago of tuo bupremu
Court library at Ottawa.
Referred to tbo Cuiuuxittoc oa Judicial De
portment,
A joint resolution from tho Senate providing
lor uo adjournment uoul lu a. m. on .Momi.ij.,
and lor a visit to Chicago was concurred in.
Air. Alortisoo, of (jourf. oiicred a resolution ol
thauks to cities aud ptraous ail over Uie world
wbo r«anouu«d so nobly and g.uerouso' to Uie
appeal for aid.
Xi was passed unanimously.
Toe Douse Ueu adjourned until 4 p. m.
Inc Uutua came to older at 4 p. m.
Mr.Suiiivan uttered tu« toilowiug:
Httolvcd, That the C»mmutctf uu Municipal
Reuiiuu* oe instructed lu consider tbo legisla
tion necessary t ivacaiu tbe appvopaa.iou» made
by the ordinance passed June &J, 1&T1, by the
Comiuu.E Council uf tbu city »*f Cuicago. »»vo so
far as tbe.same bavu bctu expended; «mhoi
inng tuo Coiuiuju Council t«» puss a
new ordinance ui appropriation: furbido'ug any
appropriation lor now puui.c works, except tu
res.oro bndses and erect temporary struc.urc*.
and authorizing Cook County to provide mean*
Ul u uc*. C.*ur. House, Jal., and Hal.
o! Uceo*.m.
The llouae.tUen adjourned.
IHK bKSATE.
The Senate met ui uouu, L tuicnuot Gover
nor Dougherty iu the ehair.
Tu«s c-U uua loud. Uto ictoiuli. iis ui syiupatby
off.redin tpu House Wcru cuncuircd ui, tbv
resolution ol nojoun.ujui.i was parsed, u bill
war submitted b» dcuator Uoa«.rwoud, uppropn*
nling a utuuk rut.. Jor Uie relict ui Cuicagu,
and tl.o ic.a.o aujuurucd u..til Monday.
The Committee uu &iate li.stiiuuoDS will
probably report a bill providing ‘untie tuenrpu
ratiun uf uie Chicago Jlvlurm School nub tbe
Stau Reform School at P»>ut\ac, bnugiug botn
uncur State mHuagemunt and ruiiuving Chicago
ot luu burden ut supHir.itig its insttiuuon.
Speaker Smith did uot come to Cuic.igo,
though Very unxioiis 11 do because his unugu
ter. an only child, is lying at tbe t»-tut ul death.
ni£ CISTUM UOl’iiK,
The Entire Contents of the building De
stroyc 1, Including $1,830,000
:a Paper Aioney.
Some most t xtr&ordioary revelations have
been made by iLo fire with rcgaid t the archi
tecture ot the i’ .at Office and Custmu House
building, which, proving to have been a sham
and a fraud ot tbe worst kind, has Involved the
lon of an immense sum of money.
The vault in the Sub-Treasury oflicc, in which
Collector MeClcaa bad deposited all tie fundi
i-ertainiag to bis deparimcnt, was built upon
the see jnd story.' It rested upon two iron pil
lars built from the basement, with two iron gird
er! of great strength and weight connected with
the wall. A third girder onnected
the two pillars, fortuitg a Iratm
w ork. A heavy fireproof vault was both
upon this foundation, and j r -ved to bo about tbo
wenkvst in tbo city to resist ths fiorconvss the
fire Them were in the vault at the lano of the
fire 51.500.000 in greenbacks. $300,000 in Nfttioonl
Hank notes, $225,000 in cold, and $5,000 in silver,
making a toUl of $2.130,000. ot ui.mh $300,000
was in specie.
In an old lr»n ta!c which was 101 l ouUido the
vault was deposited VJ. consisting of mutil
ated bills and fractional euirmey. Thu «afo
was regarded with scorn and deemed unworthy
a place in the vault. But like the little fishes in
the net, its insignificance saved it. When the
bolding caught fire, and hissed with fervent
hr t, themiierabSe Iron pillars melted, and the
immense vault’with its tabalous tiojsures Idl to
th-i basement, burying tbo insignificant sale,
and its.mutilated comoots, 'iho consequence
w s that the contents of the letter was saved,
w tie $1,800,000 in currency was bur.-.cd to puw
d;fSU(l bOMClvtllr lot,
The specie was scattered over
the basement floor, and :osed with
the heat. There arc lumps of fused
eagles valued at from SSOO t SI,OOO, black
coed and burned, but nevertheless good as re
fined gold. The imp.uyes have been compelled
to r»i*e the rums ot the whole building, and
have recovered altogether nb-.-ut fivo-sixtbs of
the whole amount. It i» probable ibut di«y# will
pass before they nil; be able to find th» remain
ago ssoo.oooin gold, ami $25,000 in silver hud
been *hipp*d Irom the city.
The building was. a* bc.oro staled, n fraud ot
the most bartiactddcrCripii-m, and cotmqu.-ui
ly an overlairing disgrace t., :be country. Taut
n vault containing impure to the aumuni
actually I..st should su;.,.orttd Un two
Iron pillars, which gave way and let i; last in
ruins, and should yet make a i*o.ielol b-iug fire
proof. is a plcco ol irmiy the most acute.
But this vault was «-nly one o. the Irani!?. The
fire-proof doors of the Host Office vault, in wfaicu
were stored the records, pMWd trailer e-till. Thu
binges ol the massive pur sal* which were to pro
tect the government nomds were
only affixed .to a single biick.
Wht-n, therefore, tbo walls expanded
with the heat, (ho sturdy dour* fell out ot th- ir
own weight, each bingo carrying with it th.
singb* brick to which it held, while the remain
der of the trail Wes as firm us possible.
01 o-’Uist*. all the records were bup«le-sly
rained.
Till? rsylt \nt fire ond buiglar-inoo'. Ex
pert* are nut ihu PT* l l wno cun judge of
l i
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
VOLUME 35.
on the lam® plan, nod the condition of the
lower vault suggests great weakness In those
erected in other cities. It is probable that the
torernment will order on inspection of all ex*
isting vaults.
the mayor to the legisea-
TUBE.
Views of the City Administration on Im
portant Subjects.
To f/ic General Attembly of the State of lUinoie:
While your honorable body will hare several
c -mmitters appointed by meetings of influen
tial and public-spirited citizens, to make known
to you their views uf tho present wants of our
distressed city in the way of legislation. I have
deemed it necessary to select a committee to
more particularly roprcicnt my views, and the
views of the city administration, and to heartily
eo-operato with nil committees appointed by
citizens’ meetings. I have appointed as snefa
Citnmilten Hon. Charles II- Hon.
Wm. C. Goudv, Hon. Melville W. Fuller, the
Corporation Counsel. M. F. Tuloy, Esq.; the
City Attorney. General I. N. Stiles.
Our city ha« no money its treasury except
funds which by law are to be held for special
''rhe. S c »rporation Is without a dollar with which
to replace its public building*, build its bridges,
improve streets, or pay current expenses.
Our assessment of tax-s based upon former
values ought not to be. and cannot be, collected.
A new ass>*Mm**nt, or something equivalent
thereto, should bo authorized.
Taxation must of necessity almost wholly cease
for tho next year or two.
Special assessments for local improvements
must cease. Tbe m<>st rigid economy must be
exercised, but tbe interest upon the city debt
must be paid. and its credit maintained.
With the oa'istnnc* which can be given by the
State in refunding the money expended by the
city upon the Illinois and Michigan Canal, and
other legislative aid which it is in the power pt
bo General Assembly to grunt, and which will
be suggested by tho committees, it is believ d
that this groat metropolis can maintain its for
mer credit, influence, and eommandius eommer
ei »l position.
In ti;o legislation that rny bo saggested I ask
v»ur hoD'>rab:o body to bclievo that the citizens
and ibe city nuiu-rillcs can be trusted ns hereto
•ore t> carry on the city government, will oe
•qiinl to the emergency, and that it. and tbe
c ty government which is to soon succeed it, can
t»e s itfiy entrusted wtihull matters of a munici
pal character.
llnmon of the Flre<
People are not only hs cheerful ns could be ex
pected under the circu-iiitanc -s, but, with ail
due regard to the fluff ring which demands their
sympathy, they do nut refrain Irom an occasion
>l plea»autry. Indeed, as every one among us
has bo-n chastened by nffiictiou. everybody
claims the right to indulge in jocose remark-
wnen occasion suggests them.
One merchant, trbo fuuud his safe and its con
tenia dfSiruycJ, quietly remarked that
was no blame uttaened to the sate; that it wu.-
nf chilled iron, and w -uid h-tv stood, but thai
Iho firo bad taken the chill all out.
—A firm *>f pninleri on M ttd.s>>Q street bulletin
tbeir removal os tuliotrs, on asign-board wioeted
like a guide-board upon the ruins uf tbeir old
C9t*bli-hmciit:
MOORE ft GOE.
Uocse and Sign Painters,
Removed to 111 Drsinaines ct,
Capital, 5000.00d.30.
—An editor «-f a daily paper baa received sev
eral poetical effusions suggested by the late
disjstcr; bat he declines them nil, on the
ground tnat it is wasteful to print anything
wbiou requires every lino with a capital, who;,
capital is as scarce as it is now in Chicago.
—A bride who entered tbe holy married state
oo Tuesday evening determined to d*> so in, a
calico dress, in deference both 10 the proprieties
and tho necessities of the occasion. Bui she
dcsir« d that her toilette de ehambre should be, ii
possible, on a m»rc gorgeous scale. Being des
titute ot a ros* de nutt uf suitablo elegance, she
sent out to several neigubors ot her temporary
hostess to borrow such a garment, stipulating
that it must be a fine one. So peculiar is tho
feminine nature, however, that bur modest re
quest excited no enthusiasm ia her beball
imung tho ladies to whom it cam’*. This is
n«i a joke.
—A signboard, stuck in tbe ruins of a building
on Madisoustreet, reads: "Offing to circum
stances ..ver which we bad no control, we have
rtmuved," etc.
An Incident of ttxe Fire.
Mr. Nathaniel Bacon, of Niles, Mich., student
at law with Messrs. Tenney, McClellan ft Ten
ney. at No. 120 Washington street, slept in tbeir
office. On waking* at about 1 o’clock* and see
ing the Court House on fire, he saw that the
office* which was immediately opposite, would
surely go. Judging that ono of the safes In (he
office would not prove fire-proof* ho promptly
emptied the contents of bis trank on the floor
ot the doomed building* and* filling it with tbo
interior contents oi tno sate, bucks, valuable
papers, money, ftc.. shouldered tbo trunk and
carried it t a place oi safety on Twenty-second
i»troct— Jofiog thereby all bis own clothing and
■-ffrets except what ho bad on. That yuuog
man is a h tu.
Despatch irom Bishop F'olcy.
Baltimore, Oct. 12.—The following despatch
was received to-day by Archbishop Spalding:
Chicago, Oct. 12.1871.
*-lrcA&t«Aon Spaldinp, Baftiniore.*
The Oath- Ural, six churches. Orphan Asylums.
Hospital. House of tbo G»od Shepherd, schools,
charitable institutions, and Bishop’s bouse are
in ruins. Over 100.000 people ore homeless. I
neg you for a general collection in all of your
churches next Sunday. Tho Superintendent of
the Telttzrapn Company asks you tu repeat this
message to tho prelates ot the country, as our
vires arc ton crowded and few. Request all re
alliances to be mado to your-alf.
[Signed] Thomas Folkt,
Bishop of Chicago.
MISCELIiSEOUS ITEMS.
Tbe Stuyvossnt Bank, of Now York City, sus
pended October 12. Tuo depositors will prob
ably be paid, though the capital of the bank is
seriously impaired. Thu litiiuro is said to be
attributed to tbo Cbicaso fire.
—lt is generally credited tbnt a vigilance com
mitteo bus been firmed in Now. York City to
st >p repenting at the next clccti »n.
—Tbo New York Timet states that Tweed re
cently lost lour miUi-na by an unlucky specula
nun in the West, Also, that Swocuey advises
Tweed to resig
—A itonth-man, wb has lust made a trip over
tbo Louisvi.lc, New Albany A Chicago Railroad
-ay? taut pratrio and wood fires arc rasing nlnog
;he line between New Albany and Lafuyctio. On
:h*' north end of the ro.>d. thr-mga the prairie*
of Kankakee County, there Iras one broad bli.tc
of destruction. Tbe flames of these Gres nave
swept nauy miles upon miles of f-necs, hay and
gram iusuicK, corn iu the fie;d*. and not a l'< w
uouses, barn?, mid cow-pens, and yesterday they
tveiusiill burning. Many towns along iue nor.h
eo i oftbe ru.id bare been c impelled lo turn out
ail their inhabitants to ficht away tbo fire.
—Tbo heal b «,f Queen Victoria is improving.
—Tbe French rnuieil journals ar> unanimous
jo their censure of the appaimmontof Fcreire to
ibo Ministry of tbo Interior, and accuse Tbicrs
ofpreiemluig to conduct a Republican govern
ment without calling Republicans to bis aid or
counsels.
—At the City of Mexico, Oet.l.4oogensJarmcs
and cava ry revolted ai.d aiumpttd ;u taxo pos
session ot th city. Tac garrison rallied under
ibo command ol General h cha and o burs, and
attacked and defeated the insurgents. Several
uf tbo officers, wtib 250 men, were taken pris
oners and shot.
—David Kcntly, c/i'n« James Wilson, was hung
at Uiinl-ru. Conu., Oct. 13. He uitcmptoi sui
cide early that morning by endeavoring to
puncture his heart with a small wire which be
had secreted upon his person. At tbe hour for
execution bo walked firmly to tbo scaffo.d, and
made a short speech, iu which bo Said he ha i
uiumpted c?cai>o tbe ignominy ot th<*scat
jold. He justified his net i.< killitn: tbe Warden,
and finally put too rope «i-cr hu own neck, and
mot i.is f.iio without fliucbmg.
—Tho attorney ot Paymaster Hodge has born
.•tigaged during the past lew day* in turning
uver uis property at Washington io indemnity
the government, so f»r n? it will go. As soon
ns tht.« is completed, llouge will bo removed io
ttio Albany PvuiicLtiary to cuter upon ins im
prisonment.
—Letters received from members of tbe
geological expedition of the fortieth parallel re
port that extensive fires have raged tnrougiout
the H-.cky .Mountains since August 2d. filling
the air with such volumes »t suii.ku us to stop
the top..graphical work. On October 2 a heavy
snow storm prevailed, and uu tbo 3d, lor the
first lime, tho air was clear.
—W tbo, the shipbuilder of Now York, had an
interview with too President on tno 13.h. Uc
thinks tuatunless Congress shnll Something
at the next session in uiil of steam navigation
every American line will have to g.ve way to the
British within a year.
—Joo Coburn gave un exhibition ri Memphis,
on tbo 13ih. and is en route for Ki-w Oilcans, to
go into trnimnx tor bis coming figat with Mace.
—The lasi mil nu the Evansville, Terre Haute
Chicago Ra.lrnad was laid on iho lath.
—lho sebwabe Gallery of Fallen Heroes was
sold at auction in Boston. .<o tbo 13tb, by order
of the mortgagees, for $2,500.
—Adespatch from Bangor. Mr., the 15th,says:
The heavy rain yesterday caused an unprece
dented fresuct iu the Penobscot. The water has
risen ui:>a u-et tu twcnty-lonr hours, aad is still
rising. Five million locs buve broken from their
fastenings, nnd are floating past the city. Large
quantities must be lust. It is tcnridthal much
uitui. ge will br done bridge?. eic.”
—A Nc» York despatco of the 13tb s«ys:
The p.nie w bica was attempted un Thursday
night recoiled upon its authors this morning, the
slock uiniket opening a? though i.otuing bad
bapponed. A hulo excitement m Wail street nt
noun was nliajvd by Commodore Vanderbilt's
loan of $5,000,000 to the street. This blocked the
game ot the King that has been licking up the
greenbacks.”
—lteccius Irom files <-ftbc London papers that
Disraeli was grossly mi.«r,pieseuied in ihe re
port that. In his speech on tau evening «t Sep
tember 2u, at liughendec. he said that ice
Queen Whs morally and physically incapacitat
ed Irom performing public duties any longer.”
Xuo cxnc. words ot D;s;ncU convty a moaning
.-Xactly opposite Ituu that giVrti in the report,
according to all the journals, except tbo Tele
graph. _
—Toe Domini Government are drafting men
irom different mimia districts, ai.d sending them
ta- rougoly equipped to ru.niwrcj companies in
Manitoba.
—The Convention <<f the Irish Catholic Bene
volent Union ot America, m session nt Louis
ville ou the 13tt>, adop.ed a new coDsliiuiion,
and unpointed I'oumie i bia as toe place ol
meeting next year. Judge Dwyer, of Dayton,
wus elected President. Considerable Warm dis
cus- iou occurred ou n piup-i>iiian to strikeout tuo
word Insu” irom the Duiue, but the word was
finally reunit'd by a large majority.
—At bait Lako City, «>u ibe 19-h. Brirbam
Young, accompanied by a number oi elders, ap
p-art-a ui court and Pas Uvld io bail in ihu sum
ol ,5.000 to a..swt-r. Ho passed through the
crowd trum bis carnage Uj> Stairs l>» the court
room. .Maay uais were rum <ved nud ulucr ex
pressions ot rcsi-cci shown, but no shouts ui
u<d»y dcmutistrati ns. Hu upi ca.ar.Cj beiore
Juuko .McK-eau nas quiet uud d gaiti-d, but he
Swilled evidtut y very n-eble. Tue officers the
coUit showed tum all kiiPimps in providing u
urge eu>r ebatr and kt-eniug the croud at a dis
tance, ‘i’ne counsel «t Brigham firs; pul id a
p.ca of abatement, watch was overruled. Tbo
‘•eat movement was t.» qn-t»h the tnd.ctmuiit.
During tbo argum -ut uftuis Bnguam
retired. It was expected that mo court would
tiivo >ts decision ou t:iu 12th.
Hie l>iluwmgnas tciugrapbcj to Boston on
thclUh:
trECCTiVE lliNsmx.WiiinNtmiN. Oc. 11.
"To Honorable Samuel Hooper, Hatton. Matt:
Uid it not uc \vcl» ior tnc good pvoplo ol
IJos-uu to di.'peiisO witu the curcmuuy and ex
r v. v r I'-.. .1
U deemed advisable for tbe relief oi the sufferers
by the Chicago disaster. I am sure such a
course would pio&se me.
(Signed) "U. S. Gbast.
—The Secretary ol the Treasury, on the 11th*
received telegrams from London and Canada,
inquiring if clothing, blankets, &e., for the pea
rl* of Ctiieago, wonld be admitted free of duty.
The Secretary immediately replied that such
goods would be admitted free, and gave tue
necessary orders to Collectors.
—A dospaten to the Now York Tribune from
Washington. October 11, says; "That a strong
and vigorous effort will be made early in tbe
next session of Congress to consummate tho
Saato Domingo annexation scheme cannot long
er brtdouuted. Tue irieods of the proposition
are confident of luccsii, and openly declare their
purpose to urge tbe matter before tho two
Houses of Congress. lo this connection, it is
stated, on undoubted authority, that tho
President has declared bis purpose not to refer to
the subject of annexation in his annual mes
sage."
—Senator Schurs indorses the now reform party
movement recently started to Tennessee. Hta
Diends in Washington assert that his letters re
c ntly received approve ibis eot.r,o as one likely
t<> bring about civil service rei.Tm. and the uttier
principles which tbe Senator bos so long con
tended for, and which were enunciated in hit
Into socceb at Nashville. It is staled that he 1
urged the leaders of this so-called reform to
tuako this muve.
—l’he New York TrUmne of tho 12th says; A
largo crowd gathered m .root of a laucy store on
Nassau street, throughout yesterday, admiring
.-to intensely colored picture of Paris during the
Communist conflagrations. _ It was generally
supposed to bo a representation of Chicago, and
u. equivocal praise for tho wonderful dispatch
witu which it had been produced was accorded
by more than »ne bystander."
—At St. Louts, on tbe 12lb, a large part of
the United States bonded wareuou’o on North
Second street, between Carr and Biddle, fed,
silling Ocorgo V. Bells. Agent of tbe Transier
Company, and seriously injuring two others,
i'hu warehouse was overloaded with coffee.
—At New Dublin. Nova Scotia, oo Wednes
day. man named Worubjch killed his wife and
.our children and then drowned himself. Ilia
wife’s nead was split oi-eu with on axe. and hi?
children’s throat cat from car to car. Ouo i.f
(ho children was an infant, and Ibo oib-rs ugu u
respectively six. eight, and tcu yc.trs.
—A despatchlrom Milwaukee, the 12tb, asys:
’loe ringleaders «f tue gang who attempted to
ur<M tho poS’Cugor train from tbo ir..ck tiu
night before lust, nave been an calcJ. ana ih. rt
to fair prospect of goumg the others. Tuc>
were port di tue C-ncugo plunderiog party, flee
ing from Pinkerton’s death o<der, and with th
probable inteotiun of mukin* a raid on Kasim
•>r Milwaukee. Their imeuti.u being apparent,
.be railroad authorities would out allow tuem to
come any mrtitor u-rtb, aud they retaliated by
attempting wholesale sl iughur."
—Tue St, LuUU Jfcini&fteon oi tho 12th bos ah
editorial ot much a g.,.fica..ce, Ii suggests tba
no Democratic candidate he nomtuated f>r 1871.
It soya there is oo n itioaal president tor such u
course, but tbe experiment is not an untried one.
and cite* thecampaign in Missouri l ist tall. It
thinks *he adoption ot tuis policy would divtdi
cao Republican party; luac the liberal «lemo-.i
m t jos party would have a candidate In opposi
ti n to Grant, wuom the Democrat* could sup
port, and the result w-.uld be a m.jority of Dem
ocrats ani Liberas in Congress.
—The Cincinnati inquirer of tho 13th aajs:
Officers Or gan and Hidings yesterday arrest
ed two young colored men, giving their natm*
as J. Culc'aud F. llueles hailing from Cbici
g«», on suspicion of being two o' tho number ol
thieves who have been preying off of tho inhab
itants o: that ill-fated cny uy robbing them oi
•be little they saved irom tho great conflagra
tion. When arrested, they had largo quantities
of jewelry on their persons, which evidently did
not belong to them, as it was marked will,
family names. They are at present confined i
ilammuod Street Station House, until roou
thing definite c .n be ascertained from Cbtc>g
—A Toronto dispatch of tho I2thsays; Far
ther advic.-o have been received confirmatory ui
tho account ot tbe Fe.dau attack on Pembina i.u
tbe sth iust. They mot with no resistance ther
the place nut being garrisoned. It appears tba;
O’Dononue bos bcou planning the attack o
Fort Garry all summer, relying upon r cciving
ruppurt from the French hnlf-bre*da. Tbe raid
was intended to inspire them with confidence,
lie has been Intriguing with tbe workmen on
line of the Northern Pacific Railroad, counting
on tbeir help when work on tbe road s-opi-ed.
lie is said to have been accompanied by O'Neil,
a Southern general, and bad ouly filly men with
him,"
—The jury In the Clem east, at lodtacapalla.
c«mo Into court on Thursday aflornoah. after
having been oat 22 hours, and announced tbeir
inability to agree, and they ware thereupon dis
ehnrcrd. A motion was then mado to admit tbi
dofoedant to bail, which was set down for argu
ment on the 25th lost. It is probable that M ra.
t'lein will be detained at Lebanon until the in
dicun nts against her are decided or taken Irom
the jurisdiction of that court.
—A Quebec dcsyntch of October 12 says: A
cable despatch from tdo Knglisk G ■vornment to
offer Chicago ail tbe military toots and blankets
In «be Dominion. Of the latter thcro are over
SUO.OOO.
—The losses by tbe fire nt Windsor, Canada,
are estimated at $150,003. Insurances are heavy
and iu tbe following companies: North British,
Mercantile. Imperial, Royal, Active* British
American, Western, and Provincial.
—lt is estimated at tho Internal Revenue Bu
roaa.tbut tbo Chicago ffre will reduce tbe tnt-r
--a*l revenue receipts to tho extent of $4,000,000.
—Thu President baa issued a proclamation
setting forth that unlawful combinations ana
conspiracies still vxict in tbo counties of Spar*
tansburgh, Y rk. Mari-in, Chester, Laurens,
Newberry* Fairfield, Lancaster, and Clu-aU-r
--field, 8. C*. tnua obstructing nod hindering th
execution of thu laws uf South Carolina and tb«
United States, and calls up n all comblnation*-
t<> disperse within five days, and deliver up all
arms, disguises* ets.* t the United States Mar
»hals and tbeir Deputies.
—Second Assistant Postmaster Giles H. Smith
has resigned on account of ill-hcaltn. John 8.
Routt. United States Marshal fur tho Southern
District ot Alabama, has been appointed bis suc
cessor.
—Tbe Acting Commissioner of Internal Reve
nue has issued an order that nil claims fur tho
roluuding of taxes claimed to bare been erru
neously paid, from Chicago claimants, shall bo
taken up and acted on immediately.
—A Salt Lake dispatch of the lUh soys thai
Brigham Young has signified bis inlcnti >u to
subscribe $1,t03 in aid of tbe Chicago sufferers.
RAILROADS.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne
AND
Chicago Railway
IS ALL RIGHT
Trains leave from corner of HUdlion and
Canal streets Chicago, as heretofore.
OsOO A. M. Express entire train with Pullman's
palace Cars through to Now Y'ork without
change.
Stls P. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cars
through to New Y'ork without change,
OsOO P. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cars
through to New York without change.
Bi3o A.M. Mail slope at allstatlans.
3i45 P. 11. Valparaiso Accommodation.
Tickets for Passage and Slscplng Cars
at depot*
W. C. CLEL.WD,
Asst Gen'l Passenger Agt.
Erie North Shore Line.
£Tbe Office of the Erie 4k North Shore
lilue will be found at 700 TVabash-ar.
Freight bythlsX.tne Is now mtlosdlng
and ready for delivery at Depot of the
Northwestern Railway, corner Canal
and Slxteenth»st., West Side, or at C.
B. &Q. Depot. J. W. SMITH, Agent.
THE LOCAL FREIGHT OFFICE OF THE IL
LINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD CO. IS LOCA
TED AT WELDON SHOPS. WHERE FREIGHT
CHARGES WILL BE PAID AND CONTRACTS
GIVEN. FREIGHT, IN QUANTITIES LESS
THAN CAR LOADS, WILL BE RECEIVED AND
DELIVERED AT C., 8., Q. FREIGHT HOUSE.
CAR-LOAD LOTS ON THE OLD GROUND.
BUSINESS CARDS.
I Still Live.
Have removed to corner Pr&lric-av. and Twen
tieth-«t. Am prepared to do painting and clazing
with dispatch- J. B. SULLIVAN.
Send communications by mall to residence. IRB
Sooth Sangamon-et. Formerly of 806 N. Clork-sL
Carter, Becker Sc, Dale,
Attorneys and counsellor*, office (far tho present)
SC Canal-st,
Will remove about Nov. 16th to Nixon’s new fire
proof bonding, corner La Salle and Monroe-sts.
S. U. Ransom Co.,
will resume basinets in a few dare with a full sup
ply of stoves and castings. Office SPO State street,
near Twelfth.
Geo. illcßinuoy Co.
wish to inform their nomeroos friends and patrons
that they hare fortunately escaped the ravages of
the late conflagration—saving most of their books
and papers of value-—and will resume business Im
mediately. Office, 259 East Randolph-st., Lind’s
Clock.
The Northwest Paper Company
have removed to 87 West Lake-eL All
parties Indebted to ns will oblige ns by making
Immediate parment. and remitting drafts on New
York. Post Office orders, or money by express, as
may bo convenient.
OFFICE OF SIBLEY ENDICOTT,
JTI Wabiuh-BT.
BUSS, MOORE CO.,
Wholesale Grocers. Office at GM Wabash Ave
nue. Wc are building a tempoiarv store on the
Lake shore, near Peck Court, and will resume bu
sluses In a very few days. Goods are now arriving.
We trust y.o efforts on the’part of our customers
will be omßed to oonllnno placing os In possession
of available funds at the earliest moment. Remit
Currency by express.
Attention!
Wc have dwelliogs. Cottages, rooms, stores,
offices, furnished and unfurnished: lots and real
estate. In ail parts of the city, to rent- sell, or lease.
Call at once. JOHN M. WAITE,
S.E. WELLS,
Office 4S Habbard-coart, formerly 125 Dearborn-st,
Woods, Gooding Co,,
General Comroleeioo Merchants and Produce Deal
er*. Uhllch’a Hotel, corner State and TwcDty-scc
ond-sts. Solicit consignments. Prompt returns
guaranteed. Refer to Barley A Tyrrell, A. B.
Goodrich, Henry W. King A Co., and J. W. Pres
ton, R. M. WOODS.
D. W. C. GOODING,
8. E. MINER.
Snmncl S. Greeley,
City and County Surveyor:
CLEVELAND FRENCH.
Civil Engineer* and Surveyors,
have removed to SCO Wahaahavc.
Webster Bros.
trill resume business with a full assortment ol
Milhoery Goods within ten days corner of West
Washington and Union Park, accessible by Madi
i -n
TRANSPORTATION.
NOTICE TO SUPPERS.
Tbe Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne
<k Cbtoago Railway Freight De
pot, Madlson-st., being saved
from destruction by tho grout
Are. of Saturday and Sunday
nights. Is now in shape to take
freights, enabling this artery of
trade to OPEKDP and relievo
those who may have property
to go forward from Chicago,
and bare opened onr office at No.
9, under tho Briggs House, for
merly the Laclede, Hadison-st.
Freight Station. The Star Union
Lino Agency has Its Chicago
headquarters at this office. No
very largo amount of freight
conld be taken immediately,
bat enough to enable parties to
raise money from their Eastern
correspondence.
R. C. BfELDRUH,
G. W. F. Agt.
Chicago, Thursday, Oct. 12,1671.
t3T Post, Journal and Republican copy.
Erie lorth Shore
LINE.
Tho Office of the Erie and
\orth Shore Line will be found
at
769 Wabasß-av.
Freight by (hi, lino I, now un
loading and ready for delivery
at Uepoi of tho arortbweitcm
Railway, corner Canal and Slx
teeiuh-»ts.. Went Side, or atC.,
B. and Q. Depot.
J W. SMITH. Agent.
rURNirtTRE.
HALE
&BRO.
FURNITURE
10,12,14, and 16 Canal-st.
Desks Office Furniture
of all kinds.
INSURANCE.
International Insurance Company,
NEW YORK.
ASSETS, $1,400,000.
.Policies issufd from this date in the abovo A 1
Company on all desirable property and dwellings.
Apply to THOMAS W. PLAYK’KT, Agent.
S3 S»ath Cannl-st.
niilrigo. Oct. 14. Ifi7‘
TO RENT.
To Rent for Business Purposes.
MY CENTRAL AND COMMODIOUS HOUSE.
622 Wabasb-av.
To responsible pirties only.
FUaNK t.. AIKKS
REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE OFFICE
op
SNYDER LEE,
Room 17 Nison Building, northeast corner Monroe
and Laballo. Also West Side office at No. 9 South
llaistod-Bt.. Masonic Bnlldlng. corner Randolph.
Field, King Co. and Jacob Weil
HAVE REMOVED
to
448 MICHIGAN-AV.
We have applications now for tbe purchase ami
rental of real estate in tho Burnt District, Sooth
Side. Send in your lists at once.
EXPRESS.
A. M. U. Ex. Co.
On and After
MONDAY NEXT. OUT. 18.’7i,
the General Office of the Company will be located
at
2H, SIS, 218 West Bandolph-at.,
comcrofGreen, until which date they arc located
at No: 115 Twenty-second-st.
STOVES.
Stoves.
In answer to numerous Inquiries, wc wish to an
oounco that our price list of stoves will NOT be
advanced. If any retail dealers charge an advance
we will furnish parties who call at our office with
tbo names of dealers who sell at old prices. Not
a stove in our warehouse was destroyed. Our
foundries In Albany arc in full blast, and wo shall
keep our stock In Chicago fall and complete, and
be able to supply the demands of both city and
country trade. As oar agency record* and facili
ties for getting Information are destroyed, new
customers will please forward references or cash
with orders, JNO. F. RATHBONE Si CO., 80 and
32.Sonth Canal-st.. Sd floor.
GENERAL NOTICES.
Anchor Line
OF OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
NEW YORK, UVERPOOL, GLASGOW, *c.
All agents are notified that no Interruption
has occurred in oar business, which Is now carried
on at
NO. TO TWENTY-THIRD-ST.
Oar mail Is regularly delivered. Remit by ex
press or New York bank draft.
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
No. 70 Twenty-third-st.
JAMES WARRACE* General Manager.
Anchor Line
OF OCEAN STEAMSHIPS
We ate happy to Inform our patrons that all
onr books and papers have been saved, and that
the business la carried on at No. 70 Twenty-third
st,.corner of Prairic-av. Sight drafis on Great
Britain for any amount, and tickets from all parts
of Europe to ail part* of the United States, as usual.
Parties going to Europe Vlll take the Cottage
Grove cars or Praliie-av. stages to our office. No.
TO Twcnty-thlrd-st.. which Is only three squares
from the Michigan Central and Michigan Southern
Railroad Depots.
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
No. TO Twenty-thlrd-et., Chicago.
JAMES WARRACK, General Manager.
Fare 5 Cents.
The disastrons state of affairs, and the sympathy
for the pabllc, induces the
PEOPLE'S OMNIBUS AND BAGGAGE CO.
to transport passengers at lower rates. Therefore,
on and after October 13. the original Wabash and
Pralrie-avs, stage lines will carry the public at one
half the usual tares, or five cents. We run a South
Park-ar, line to Douglas House, after this dav, at
half fare—s ce s—October IS.
PEOPLE’S O. A B. CO..
By F. W. P.. Pres.
Office or Bicrclumis’ Savings,
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 414 Wabash-ov.
All depositor* are requested to forward me AT
ONCE, at above address, a statement of their ac
count with tbo bank, for verification.
CHAS. HENROTIN. Cashier.
Notice.
Person'wishing horses kept in the counter, at
good quarters and low rates, inquire of IHCAGO
SCALE CO.. 34 and 80 West Washington-?!.
Two Bag* of Luces,
Belonging to J. B. Shay, delivered to gent in
on night of the fire, ana other articles is possession
of anvone. will please be left at the present office
of J. B. SHAY, «50 Wabash-av., immediately.
Chicago Academy of Musio.
Mr. P. Zlcefield. Director of the Chicago Academy
of Music, will reopen his Academy within a few
days. PnpUs will be notified by mail and tbs pub
lic through Iho papers. Address ail letters to
F. ZIEGFIELD. CIO YUchlgan-av.
Chicago Newspaper Union,
13 North Jcfferson-st. The Dally Evening Wiscon
sin, Milwaukee, has the largest Job Printing House
in the Northwest; running thirteen steam presses.
Order* for work may be left at Chicago Newspaper
Union office, IS North Jcfler*on-at.
The Chicago Newspaper Union will bare three
more fast newspaper presses running the first of
next week and will be able to accept press work
for them. Wc shall also have an abundance of
printing paper of all sizes.
A. T4AIKSNS. President.
Grand Trunk Railway.
The ticket office of thi» company la now locate I at
the northwest corner of Canal and Madlsou-ttt.,
where Information, through tickets, and berths in
Pullman cars may be secured.
j. n. whitman.
General Western passencer Agent.
MONDAY. OCTOBER I^lß7l.
BUSINESS CARDS.
D. M. Osborne Co.,
KIRBY"
REAPERS AND MOWERS.
DANIEL RANSOM,
General Agent, 6W South Morgan-st.
H. M. Wllraarth Bro,,
322 MICHXQAN-AY^
WIU have foil?
STOCK OP PIYTUHES NEXT WEEK.
Gas-fitting to order.
Real Estate Office
A. J. AVEEBLL,
No. 600 Wabxsh-tr.*
E. E, Bromilow Co.,
WHOLESALE FISH DEALERS,
Will continue their business at
476 WEST VAN BDBKN-ST.
Customers remitting will please do so In cur
rency or New York exchange.
PISH! PISH! I
Now due
Per propeller Islander, from BromQow Bates.
Mackinac, Mich.,
500 HALF BBLS NO. 1 WHITEPISH,
Send orders to
E. S. BROMILOW ft CO. t
476 West Van Boren-st.
Codfish, Mackerel, fte., ftc~ oo the way.
M. D. Wells Co.,
WHOLESALE
BOOTS AND SHOES,
WttL CONITKTJK BUSINESS.
OFFICE,
618 WiBASH-AV.
ORDERS SENT TO US
WIU be
FILLED ABOUT SOTH INST,
Chicago. Oct. 12.1871.
Hayes, Gibbons a Co.
MANUFACTURERS
JOBBERS,
MILLINERY AND STRAW GOODS.
Will open a frill stock and be prepared toozeonto
orders.
AFTER THE 15TH INSTANT,
431 STATE STREET.
Clarke, Layton Co.,
REAL ESTATE DEALERS,
STATE-ST.. UP STAIRS.
S. H. MoCrea 00.,
PRODUCE AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Room 3, S. W. Cor. Randolph and Canal-6
Chicago.
S. H. McCRKA. Chicago, HI
W. F. JOHNSON. Morrison, HL
A. N. YOUNG, Sterling, 111.
Liberal cash advances made on consignments.
Particular attention paid to purchasing Lumber,
Lath, and Shingles by the Cargo or Car-Lsad.
Also, Groin bought and sold on Margins.
Armstrong Co.,
WHOLESALE PAINTS AND OILS,
can bo found temporarily at BS4 Stote-eL We are
prepared now to fill orders to city trade for any
amount of Carbon OUarand wm C! orders
In ten days. Those owing ua will confer a great
favor by sending in cash or express, or drafts oo
Now York.
Cook McLain,
DYERS.
Removed to 363 State-st., near Harrison.
Smith and Duncan,
Wholesale Dealers In
SADDLERY, HARDWARE, AND LEATHER
have reopened at
S3 West Randolphs.
Marston Peck Bros.,
WOOD AND WIU.OW WARE,
TWINES AND CORDAGE, JtC., AC.
PRESENT OFEICE, SB WABASH-AT.
Are building commodious quarters, Nos. 173 and
179 Michlgan-av., corner Jacksou-st., and will soon
bo ready to supply customers from a large and new
stock of goods.
Keith Bros;.
Respectfully announce tbo commencent of a
temporary brick building on the southeast cor
ner of
DEARBORN PARK,
two stories, 72x172 feet, which will bo completed
In about ten days, when we shall bo prepared to
receive our eostomera and to fill all orders with
our usual stock. In tbe present emergency we
shall m'st gratefully appreciate rcmßtancea from
those indebted to ns, either In Now Ycfrk exchange
or currency, by mall or express. All commnnlca
tlons should be addressed to our present office
916 Pralric-ar.
Trego and Kellogg.
COMMISSION.MERCnANTS,
63 SOUTH CANAI# STREET.
We shall be ready to handle conilgntn enta as ibr*
znorly as soon as railroads arc read?* to deliver
them.
P. B. Wears and Co. and S. B.
Chase and Co.
Hjivo recovered some of their bookfe ssd papers
from the great fire, and have resumed business at
Nos. 25 and 37 North Ollnton-eL WJ |1 receive con
signments and transact a general commission
business as before.
Bisbcc A Hlarsli,
Attorneys at Law, will adjust losses :md attend to
law business at their new office. No. W4 W-est Mad
i>on-et.
West Side Laundry,
ICr: West Ifemdolph-st. Prepared to do any Amount
of work.
t. M. HENDERSON SO.’S
Office is now at
337 Miicbigaii-aw
shall resume business in a few days. Parlies
indebted to ns will confer a great favor by sending
us all the money they can.
c. M> HENDERSON CO.
PHELPS, DODGE PALMER,
Mannfaauren and jobbers of
Boots and Shoes,
Will continue business store on Hlchigan-av., op
posite Michigan Avenue Hotel.
Orders sent to ns will be filled on or about tie
38th lost.
Gilbert Sampson
will resume business opposite
NO. SSO HICHIGAN-AV.
Office for the present at
93SMICHIQAN-AV.
W. M: Collins,
iof 119 Dearborn-sU. -will open on the site of his old
i h 1 ioep
GENERAL NOTICES.
A CARD FROM
FM, Ilians Co.
Our Office is at
75 Calumet-av.,
Second house north of Twenty-tccond-et., where
we have all oof books and valuable papers that wo
saved from the flames.
We earnestly solicit all persons indebted to us
to aid us all they can by remittances.
Thankful for past favors, and hoping to,reimbark
in business again soon.
We remain, yours truly,
FITCH. WILLIAMS CO.
THE AMERICAN MERCHANTS’ UNION EX.
PRESS COMPANY
are now prepared to
RECEIVE AND FORWARD ALL BUSINESS
OFFERED.
Eastern basineos, for New York, Boston. Ac.,
office 115Twenty-sccond-et. Western bastnefs, for
Chicago, Burlington Quincy Railroad and con
nections, at office Canal and Burlington Crossing.
For Northwestern Railroad and roads leaving from
that depot, at office comer of Klnzie and CohiU-fta.
(old Milwaukee Depot). Also at office 214,316, and
218 West Randolph, comer Cauai. Principal office.
NO. 115 TWKNTY-SECOND-ST.
612 Michigan-av.
All our account books and plates are saved.
The machinery is in motion to meet the wants of
all our customers at tho earliest possible moment.
ROOT ft CADY.
Eli PI RE
LINE.
The office of tho Empire Transportation Com
pany is In tho Lake Shore ft Michigan Southern
Freight Depot, comer of Polk and Griswold-ats.
JOS. STOCKTON. Agent.
Rand, McNally &Co-
H. A, PITTS’ SONS,
106 108 W. Eandolph-st.
The Cook County
National Bank
19 OPEN VOB BUSINESS AT
323 MICHIGAN-AV.
CHASE BROS. CO.
Having saved their
Abstracts of Cook County Eeoords
From the firo have located hCthc
M.ISOMC BUIIBIXG,
Corner of West Randolph and Halsted-ets. (No. 9
South Holated-st.). and will Boon he prepared to
famish complete chains of title to all real estate In
♦his city and county.
The Enterprising Firm of
JAMES S. EIRE CO.,
Soap Manufacturers,
arc already engaged with a large force of men re
moving the debris from tbo mine, and expect to
be rebuilt and In tunning order in forty-flve days
Office
UNION ROLLING MILL CO..
REMOVED TO
Timm WORKS AT BRIDGEPORT.
Wyeth Vandervoort,
MALTING CO.’S OFFICE
AT 92 AND 91 SOUTH CLINTON-ST.
Ready-Made Houses,
DWELLINGS, STORES AND WAREHOUSES.
LYMAN BRIDGES ft CO.,
Corner Carroll and Saagamon-sts.
OF ALL KINDS, OLD AND NEW,
Bought arid sold by
LYMAN BRIDGES ft CO..
Comer Carroll and Saugamon-sts.
The Atlantic, Pacific 6t. Western
Telegraph Companies will open their general office
on Batnrday nert, 14th Inst., at 36 Canal-at.
We wonld annonneo to onr customers and the
trade that we cxpoct to resume business with our
usual stock within two weeks (rom this date.
KEITH BROS.
Oct. IS, 1871.
TO OTJB CUSTOMERS
and the public.
The respective money institutions under my
charge will resume business in a few days, of
which further notlco will bo given. I will be ablo
to fully maintain my credit, auc .-.t tbe same time
be happy to afford aid and counsel to those who
are entitled toil.
HENRY GREENEBAUM.
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS.
The Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Rail
way Freight Depot, Madison street, being saved
from destruction by the great fires of Saturday and
Sunday nights. Is now In shape to take freights,
enabling this artery of trade to open np and relieve
those who may have property to go forward from
Chicago, and has opened, an office at No. O Madi
son street, under the Briggs House (formerly tbo
Loclcde). directly opposite the Madison street
Freight Station. Hie Mar Union Line Agency has
Ua headquarters at this office. No very largo
amount of freight can be taken immediately, but
enough to enable parties to raise money from tbelr
Eastern correspondents.
B. C. XELDBUM,
G. W. Freight Agent.
Chicago, Friday, Oct. 18,1871
Herring’s Safes Triumphant!
Twenty-two safes have been takoc from the ruins
so far. Contents all safe. A largo assortment of
all sizes constantly on hand at the Chicago depot
aad manufactory. HERRING CO., comer of
Foortconth-sL and Indiana-av.
Office National Land C 0,.,
39 Canal-st, near entrance to the tnnncl. C. N.
PRATT, General Agent.
French Consulate
Is now removed to 323 West Randolph-fit. Office
hours from 11 a. m. UU 1 p. m.
Proposals for the erection ofa brick bam 50x315
located on Market near Van Bnrcn-st.. will bo re
cclvod at once at the temporary office of P. E. Ban
mann, southwest comer of Canal and Twclfth-sts.
The Fifth National Bank
wm be open for business at 449 Wabash-av.. on and
after MONDAY, Oct. IS.
ISAAC G. LOMBARD, Cashier.
The Miases Aiken
Bare reaored their Dreas Making Parlors‘from 9C
Vanßnrcn-et. to 50 Hamon-coaru
The Offloe of C. B. Sawyer Co.,
IS AT 419 WABASH-AV.
Resumes lectures at City Hospital to-day. The
course will bo completed, and those qualified wil,
be graduated. Board is as reasonable as before,
and all who desire can be accommodated.
To the Savings Depositors of the Union Insurance
and Treat Company:
We shall open at onr Branch Office, 316 Hilwan*
kee-ar., October IS- All depositors ore cautioned
not to Mil their books, as the bank will pay in Rill.
8. W. RAWaON, Pres; W. B BOSWELL. Cashier.
Odd-Fellows’ Relief Committee.
HEAD QUARTERS AT PORT DEARBORN
A.P. DOREUU3.
PARLORS.
_ Comer Hndlson and lialstciLsta..
DISTRIBUTING OFFICE, 190 MADISON-ST.
J. WARD ELLIS, President.
JOHN O. ROGERS. Treasurer.
K. B. SHEEHAN, Secretary.
Merchants’ Despatch Transportation
Company,
218 West Randolph, ccmer Grecn-st., (over Ameri
can Merchants’ Union Express office,) or at rail
road freight depot. Canal and Slxteenlh-tts.
Consignee* leaving ihclr address at cither above
places will have their freight delivered or notice of
arrival given them as they may wish as soon as
freight is nnloaded. N. J.HOWE, Agent.
GOODRICH’S STEAMERS.
All on their routes as heretofore. Daily for Mil
waukee and all west shore porta. Dally for Grand
Haven and Muskegon. Daily for St. Joseph and
Benton Harbor. Semi-weekly to Green Bay,
Menominee, etc. Office and docks loot of Michl
can avenoe. T. G. BCTLIN, Snp’t.
and bricklayers wanted by the Illinois Central
Railway Co. Apply at I. C. R. R, stone freight
house, loot of Sooth Water-st.
Advertisements
for the Illinois Staata Zeltung are received until 4
o'clock p. m. at our office. 10U; West Randolph
street. ILLINOIS STAATb ZETTUNG CO.
The Dyhrenfurth College.
1 'nil be ro-oneoed shortly in a suitable situation
General Notice.
WILL BE FOUND AT
Building Materials
KEIIH BROS.,
To Contractors.
Ruth Medical College
Notice.
Stone Masons
INSURANCE.
THE
rnu k t.
OF BROOKLYN,
Cash Assets, $1,850,000
Loses in the
GREAT FIRE
LESS THAN
$500,000
And has Opened an Office at
62 SOUTH CAML-ST.
Property insured and
Losses paid as usual.
We have commenced
paying. Policy-holders
call and present their
claims;
E. S. CRITCEELL,
AGKENT-
Applyfor Agencies in yorthweetem Slates to 12.
S. CRITCHELL. Special Agent.
TO PARTIES WANTING
BeliaMe Insurance.

Policies issued iu tlie
HOME
Insurance Company, of
Columbus, OMo, from
this date. Apply to
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.,
AGENTS,
10 Eldridge-court.
B. The HOJIK INSUR
ANCE COMPAXV Is ready to pny
all claim. In full without unnec
essary delay.
Present your claims to
GEO, C. CLAKKE CO„
Agents,
IO Eldridge-court.
Chicago, Oct. 12.
IjrSURJLJVCE,
Insurance Co.,
Of FlxilacLelphia.,
Will pay ita tosses promptly, and all persons hold
lug policies in this Company are roqnestcd to pre
sent them for Immediate adjustment at
Soom No. 5 Laclede House.
DAVIS REQUA, Agents.
379 Wabash-av.,
OFFICE CONNECTICUT MUTUAL LIFE INS
CO. OP HARTFORD.
Interests of policy holders and applicants for
insurance will bo promptly attended to.
STEARNS. DI JKINSON ft CO.,
General Agents,
(Successors toMooreftSloarns)’*'"
3T9 Wabash-av.
Yonkers and New York Insurance
Company,
WESTERN DEPARTMENT.
Office. 1086 Indlana-av.
Yonkers and New York Insurance Co.
Policy holders will please present thelrclaims to
O. W. BARRETT Co., at offices, 393 Wabash
av., or corner West Randolph and Halstcd-st.
can present them at Western Department office,
1066 Indiana-ar.
Now York, Oct. 10, 1871.
GENTLEMEN: At a meeting of the Ger
mania," ••Hanover," "Niagara, and “Repub
lic Insurance Companies, of New York Com
prising the Underwriter’s Agency." held this
day, due preparations were made to pay Immedi
ately. upon adjustment, all losses incurred at Chi
cago after doing which the capitals of all the
companies will remain unimpaired, and have a
surplus of over half a million dollars. leaving tbe
gross cash assets of tbe Underwriter's Agency
over two and ono-balf million dollars ($2,500,000.)
A. STODDART. General Agent.
To Ogden, Sheldon Scudder, Agents, 62 South
Canal street, Chicago.
persons holding policies in the Un
derwriter's Agency," will present them at 02 South
Canal-et., for adjustment.
OGDEN, SHELDON SCUDDER.
Agents.
CHICAGO SCALE COMPANY.
Fairbanks’ Standard Scales,
No. 11 Canal-st.
FAIRBANKS, GREENLEAF CO.
THE TV A TER StPPLT.
TOBACCO.
Heartt,
Waite
Dodge,
Manufacture*? -and Jobbers of Tobacco, 00 West
Waahington-st.,havc opened our office for business
as above, have secured a factory with holler and
shafting in place, have new machinery on the way
soon to arrive, and shall in a short time be able to
supply tbo trade with onr regular goods.
Can fin orders for plug tobacco at once.
Those who are owing ns wlll ald ns much in this
emergency by remitting amount of Indebtedness
as early as possible. _
200 Pails of Globe” Fine Cut,
From Detroit, at old prices, by WEINER
WALLACE, 44 Wainat-sL; also, fall lino common
smoking tobacco and ping, flounders, etc.
MERCHANT TAILOR.
ELY,
Draper aM Tailor,
Is still ALIYE and well,
and, with, a CHOICE stock
of WOOLLENS, is at his
Parlors,
657 Wabash-av.,
Between Thirteenth and
Fonrteenth-sts,, in readi
ness to serve his city and
country patrons as usual.
Established in Chicago,
1854.
IRON.
Office of
A.B.MEEKEE&CO.
376 WABASH-AV.
STOCK UNINJURED AND READY
FOR BUSINESS.
Send along year orders. A fall stock of PIG
IRON and COAL on hand.
COMMISSION.
CULVER CO.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
86 South Canal-st.
NUMBER 70.
TIME TABLE.
RAILROAD.
Special Notice
For the present, and un
til farther notice, all pas
senger trains will leave
from and arrive at Twen
ty-second-st. Station.
We are in a healthy con
dition, and all trains will
depart on their regular
time, as follows:
Mail, 6:13 a.m., Sundays cx.
Day Ex., 9:13 a. m., Sundays cr.
Jackson Ac., 4:13 p. Hilt dayacx.
Atlantic Ex., 5;28 p. m., Dally.
Night Ex., 9:13 p.m., Sunday ex.
Pullman’s Palace Cars
ATTACHED TO ALL TBATN3.
Through. Tickets, Sleep
ing £S}j: Accommodations,
and Thiiongh Baggage
Checks can he obtained at
the Station.
HENRY C. WENTWORTH,
Q.W.P.A.
H. E. SARGENT, Gen'l Snpc
HALL’S
SAFE a LOCK
COMPANY'S
CHICAGO HOUSE
IS LOCATED AT
66 West Madison-st,
A stock of Safes, and
Hall’s Superior Bank
locks will lie ready
for sale TO-DAY,
At Old Prices.
FRANK B. TUCKER,
GAGE BROS.
GO.,
WHOLESALE
OFFICE FOB THE PRESENT AT
419 MICHIGAN-AV.
Will open with an entire
NEW STOCK at
961 Indiana-av.
Ahont the 20 th October.
Send Your Orders.
MACHINERY.
Engines and
Machinery.
C.& G. Cooper &Co.,
M ANUFACTD RKKS
Stationary, Portable, and Farm Slide Voire
ENGINES
of every required size. Upright and Hoisting
ENGINES.
The Corliss Automatic Cnt-Off
ENGINES.
Cooper Co.'s Improved Slldo Valve Cnt-Off
ENGINES.
Tabular locomotive and Fine
BOILERS.
Circular SAWMILLS.
FLOURING MILLS, and complete
MACHINERY
for flooring mills, sawmills, elevators, fornaces,
and factories.
Plans and specifications famished to easterners
without charge. Small Engines on bond or in pro
cess of manufacture. Orders filled on short notice.
The Mt. Vernon Iron Works, established ISS3, are
among the largest in the country, and have the
most approved facilities for manufacturing. Their
machinery Is of the latest improved designs, and
In every Instance Is guaranteed to give entire sat
isfaction. Call on or address, for large Illustrated
circular, C. G. COOPER CO.,
10 and 12 West Randolph-st., Chicago
COAL.
Our Coal Yard all Eight.
fe are Beailj to Deliver
In One Ton Lots
To any One TFc Otic
COAI.
Or to the Public at the
Old Prices.
Office and Yard
No. I North Market-st.
W.M.&J.F.OICOTT.
JEWELRY.
American tnterprise.
STARK A ALLEN’S WHOLESALE
JEWELRY AND WATCH BUSINESS REOPEN
ED AT
863 WADASH-AV.
Wo have ordered, by telegraph, a complete du
plicate of our stock ofcoods destroyed at the «eat
fire, and are now ready to fill any orders, and sap
ply our customers the same as before.
STARK ALLEN,
363 WABASH-AV.
LIQUORS.
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE LIQUOR DEALERS,
II and 13 West illadlson-st,
CHICAGO. ILL..
Have on hand a full stock of flue Kentucky, Bouts
bon, and Rye Whiskies, Gins, Brandies, Ac.. Sher
ry, Port, Rhine, Catawba, and California Wlnee,
which they will sell at prices fully as low as before
the fire.
Country customers will do well by examining
machinery
EMES
AND
MACHINERY.
C. G. COOPER CO.
10 aid 12 WEST RAKDOLPH-ST., CHICAGO.,
MAKUFACTDRE
Stationary, Portable, Farm, Hoisting, and
Upright Engines of CTery required site.
The Corliss automatic cot-off engines,
Coopor Co.’s Improved slide valve cat*
off engines; tabular locomotive and fine
boilers; saw mills, flooring mills, and
complete machinery for floating mills,
saw mills, elevators, furnaces, and fac
tories; plana and specifications famished,
to customers withont-charge. Small en
gines on band or in process
tore. Orders filled on short notice. Low
prices and liberal terms to tho sufferers In
the late fire.
THE MOUNT VERNON
IRON WORKS
(established 1633) arc among the largest in the
country, and have the most approved facilities for
manufacturing. Their machinery Is of the Istesc
improved designs, and satisfaction Is guaranteed
in every instance-
on, or address, for large Illustrated Circa.
C. c. COOP ER CO..
10 ASD 12-WEST SASDOLPH-ST.,
CHICAGO.
INSURANCE.
Insurance Go.
Westem Department
Office cor. 'Washington and Green Sts.
The losses of this Company, by Chicago fire from
reliable data, are found not to exceed
§1,500,000,00.
'And any just claim will ho promptly met, and
PAID IN FULL I I
ASSETS t 83,950,000.00, mil .composed
of the moit approved securities.
Premium income nearly $200,000 per month. They
are therefore prepared to receive applications
for INSURANCE, and grant indemnity of
the most undoubted character.
Office for local business. 68 CANAL-ST.
s. Moore co., city Agu.
Q. F. DISSELL, Gen*l Agent.
IN9DRA.N :E.
-ETXA IT3URANCECO.. or Hartford.
ATLANTIC SnmjAL INSURANCE CO., or Now
Tors. Certificates for Marine Insurance issued In
the above companies, at the -Etna office. No. 5i
in the Board of Trade Building
The BiversMe Hotel,
Riverside, will he kept, from tM# date, by Messrs.
Gage Bros. Rice. Sufferers by the groat fire will
bo liberally treated, and board for the fall andjwin
ter at very moderate prices. Pleasant rooms.
Gas and water, and frequent trains. Apply at
Riverside.
Transit House.
Tucker Sherman, proprietors—terms, as be
fore the fire, $3 per day. All trains stop at Forty
thlrd-st. Carriages to convey passengers to and
from cars. Street cars ran hourly. P. *Ft. W.
dummy six times daily.
Hyde Park House.
Open for the winter. Accommodations for Two
Hundred Guests.
PIERCE A BENJAMIN, Prop’*.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Doggett, Bassett Hills.
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
Comer Harmon-court,
Have on the way a new
StOCH of
BOOTS SHOES,
And will soon he p-epared
to supply customers.
MANAGER,
THM
ADAMS EXPRESS
Company's Office is at.
55 West Washington-st.
Patrons trill please Iraro their address, that wo
may deliver their goods.
JNO. L. HOPKINS, Agent.
ROCK RIVER
Paper Co.
AT
56 North Jefferson-st,
HAVE nt A STOCK OF ALL KINDS OP
BUILDING PAPER,
Saturate) Stalin Biari,
Prepared Plastering Board,
Felt Roofing,
AND
QUARTZ CEMENT.
Abo, SEWS, PR TXT, and T TRAPPING
PAPER.
56 North Jefferson-st.
REMOVALS.
THE
Wheeler Wilson
GENERAL OFFICE
IS REMOVED TO
No. 338 West Madiscm-st.
Our Sooth Side customers can obtain machines
nd supplies at 163 TWENTT-SECOND-ST. A
large stock of machines are already on the way,
and-measorcswillat once be taken to pat up a per
manent building.
FARRAR wnEF.l.ra
Union Screw and Bolt Co.
Office removed to COLLINS BUR
GEE’S Stove Foundry. southwestern cor
ner Van Buren and Jefferson-sis. VTe are
prepared to fill all orders for Bridge. Car,
Track, Machine and Skein Bolls, Lag
Screws, Jack Screws, and Carriage Bolts.
Wo have made arrangements for doing
BLACKSMITH WOKK
for buildings. Regular Prices.
STEAMSHIPS.
Carrying the British and United States Malls.
Tho office of this
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Isa Boom 5
WELCH’S BUILDING,
C 5 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
FRANCIS C. BROWN. Agent.
Michigan-av. Hotel.
THE OSIY FIRST-GLASS.
Baring had the good fortune to save' this hooto
from the fire, we announce to the public we
are ready to accommodate them.
JOS. ULLMANN.
EDUCATIONAL.
The Chicago Business College
Will open In a few days on Slxtoenlh-aL, be
tween Wabash and Mlehlgaa-avs.
Two of the largest and finest balls in the dty
have been leased, and a
FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS SCHOOL
will be conducted as heretofore. All the depart
ments will be In operation, with' fall corps of
teachers. Office at present, 792 Mlehlgas-ar.
Several fine offices and store rooms to rent. Ap
ply at T2i Mlchlgan-ar.
HOTELS.
EXPRESS
PAPER.
Inman Line,
HOTELS.