4
||ribmw.
Terms el Subscription,
PAYABLE DC ADVANCE:
Dsffy Edition, per year, by maw.., T „.fn.oQ
Til* weekly Edition, per year, by kail 6.00
Eunday Edition,' per year, by matt., tso
Weekly Edition, per year, by hai1..—.......... LOO
Parts of a year at the same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, bo sure and give Post
Office address in full. Including State and county.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
Post Office order,- or in registered letters, at oar risk.
TEBUBTO CTTT BUBSCBIBKKSt
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, ss cents per week.
Dally, delivered, Sunday included, so cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. IS Canal-sL, Chicago, Di-
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1871.
abstracts and affidavits of title.
The Housd* Committee on the Restoration
of Records-in .Cook. County has been in
creased in nulhbcr to thirteen, and it is ex
pected that tjiey will soon visit this city to
obtain whatt4*ep light or darkness may he
bhed upon tho subject hy our lawyers, real
estate men, Hoard *of etc. It
appears to us-that the committee is inconven
iently large if so, that evil cannot be
cured now. It is to be hoped that the mem
bers are more, intent upon restoring tho
records thauT upon seeing their names in
print, and that they have sufficient intelli
gence and legal information to know that it
is record*, and not titles, that they have to
deal with, —that it is evidence,land not own
ership, that they are to look after.
In hunting after records they will discover
that there arc. none in existence except tho
few which have been filed in the Recorder's
office since tho fire. There may he other
original instruments in tho hands of private
parties, hut they are not yet records. But
there are certain books, owned by private
individuals, which purport to show what
conveyances have been made, and what en
cumbrances executed, and what judgments
rendered in this county, from its beginning
down to Friday,noon immediately before the
iiro. It is obvious that no restoration of
records can he had without resort to these
books and, supposing that tho owners are
willing to sell them for a fair price, tho
only question-ito. be determined is, what
effect they shall have in determining
•questions of disputed title in courts of jus
tice. It seems to us that the utmost the
Legislature can do is to provide forauox
aminalion and comparison of the hoolrs hy a
commission, and to authorize such commis
sion, if they find that the books are what they
purport to be, viz., lona fide abstracts of tho
original instruments, and if a satisfactory
price can he agreed upon, to file them in the
office of the Recorder of Cook Comity. Being
so filed, they will be evidence of tho facts
which they purport to show, and, in tho ab
sence of any better evidence, will generally
be conclusive in tho minds of courts and
juries,
If the Legislature attempts to go outside
of these hooks, hud take the affidavits of in
dividuals as to ownership, it will open a
floodgate that will not discharge itself in
the next ten years. The affidavit of tho
©wner of a lot is no better, prima facie than
♦he affidavit of one who is not the owner.
The pnll lß UU< l penalties of .peijhry will not
prevent false gearing if iho chances for
levying blackmail arc gTCat; as they would
ho in a case where affidavits were Admitted
to record. The. recording of affidavits
at ten cents per hundred words would, un
doubtedly. he a fine thing for the Recorder;
hut they would not ho of the slightest use,
cither to a court in determining a lawsuit, or
to a lawyer in passing judgment upon an ab
et racl of title. Consequently, they would not
enable anybody io borrow money upon mort
gage. If a man's oath is worth anything to a
kioncy-lender, there are plenty of Magistrates
and Notaries authorized to administer oaths,
pud the borrower can take as many as he
likes. But no such lumber should bo ad
mitted to the public records of the county.
INSURANCE ADJUSTMENTS.
The most troublesome, protracted, and
uncertain proceeding in tho business of in
surance is that technically known as the ad
justment of losses. In all insurance honestly
and legitimately conducted there ought io
he no such proceeding in cases where the
property insured has been wholly destroyed.
Tho interposition of an adjuster in such'a
case is only a necessity to protect the com
pany from its own reckless and unprincipled
mode of doing business.
The practice has heretofore been to permit
any person to take out a policy upon any
building for any amount which he might de
sire. and without any reference to cthe actual
>nlnc<»f the property insured, The compa
ny would issue a policy for $20,000 cn a huild
worth *IO,OOO quite as readily as it would
for $5,000; in fact, the solicitor and agents,
whose commissions are increased or de
creased by the amount of insurance, never
persuaded any person to take less insurance
on any property when he had the money
to pay the premium. This mode of doing
business is highly profitable, but necessitates,
in case of loss, tho' services of au adjust
er. It is, moreover, a robbery of honest in
surers, ami an inducement to dishonest ones
to commit crime. Tho business of insurance
is«mystery to the majority of men; the
great mass of iusurors, and especially those
having a single pTccoof property, place im
plicit faith iu tho promises of the policy that.
In case that property bo destroyed, tho com
pany will pay.the amount named therein.
Such a man cannot understand the argument
which justifies a company in receiving a
premium of ono per cent on a throe
told valuation, and lu cose of fire
paying only one-third that sum
to the loser. That this kind of insurance
leads to arson is not denied, yet it is encour
aged by insurance companies, who protect
themselves by tho means of an adjuster.”
Like tho man who was indifferent as to tho
result of a verdict Jn an action of debt, be
cause ho was certain ho could beat tho plain
tiff on the execution, these insurance com
panies takcall manner of risks, for all manner
of sums, from all manner of people, confident
that, in case of accident, they can beat tboir
Insurers in the adjustment of losses.”
To cover the losses sustained os a conse
quence of this system of insurance, persona
owning other property have to pay rates far
in excess of what tliqy wonld have to do
if insurance was conducted in a legitimate
manner, and offered no special inducements
to crime. Proper insurance ought never to
exceed threc-fonrths or two-thirds the value
of the property insured.;.tho. owner ought to
take the risk of the otherpart. Uudorthat
system, with the owner deeply interested in
exercising care'"'and vigilance, the
rates of insurance' could, bo reduced
to onc-third their present sum. As it is, each
man has to insure, not only against acci
dents, hut against his neighbors, to whom
the Insurance companios havo issued bonds
under tbeir corporate seal, that, in casetboir
premises are burned down, they will receive
twice the value in. greenbacks. Full insur
ance, therefore, becomes an absolute neces
sity against the incendiaries,' who consider
themselves practically hired, at a large price,
to hum down their.own property. Our peo
ple have bad 'an expensive lesson
in insurance business, and to the most of
them it is ruinous. The great men of the
present day are the'“adjusters.” The ad
Juster is an agent of the company, whose
special business it is to prove" that the
plaintiffs property, for insuring which the
company has for years been receiving pre
miums of 1 per cent on SIO,OOO, was worth
only SI,OOO, and that the old iron, bricks,
and foundation left on the premises are worth
$1,500; and that the person insured, in
seeking compensation for-loss oh his policy,
is really.an impostor seeking to get money
out of the company onCfalse pretences, for
•which crime he imprisoned for
life! Now there ought to .-borsome law on
this subject,—a law to protect-honest Insur
ers against dishonest 'The-law
should make paymtot absolute to the'full
amount of the policy in all cases of total
loss. There ought to he no. such thing os ad
justing a total loB& In all other cases, there
Should be absolute payment of the full
Amount of insurance, less the value of the
property rescued or saved. Then insurance
companies will taketho'trouble to examine
the value of the property offered; they-will,
before taking risks, stipulate as to the
amount of insurance to be allowed ou the
premises. They wiH '-understand that it is
common prudence/to let each man he bis
own insurer for a given proportion, and that
tlic profits on business thus conducted will
l>o largely in excess of tlioso under the sys
tem of offering bounties to incendiaries.
Now, lot us look at the process going on
in 10,000 cases of total destruction of the
property insured in this city. The insured
person is required to furnish plans and speci
fications of the building, which in a majority
of cases is an impossibility. hen these are
presented they arc submitted to a builder
employed by the company, and who never
haw the building destroyed, and in
several cases these builders are brought
hero from country towns and vil
lages. This huildcr makes an estimate
of what he thinks the building was worth.
By a strange system of ratiocination, this es
timate of this stranger, employed .by the
company, is taken os part of the proof of
loss, and binding Upon tho policy-holder.
Until this estimate is made, proof of loss is
incomplete, and tho sixty days before pay
ment” do not begin to run until this proof
of loss” is filed. Now, if the company was re
quired by law to make this estimate
before issuing tho policy, there
would ho some degree of fairness
and honesty about it. The attempt to reach
the value of a building totally destroyed by
examining a written statement of its dimen
sions is about as rational as for a man in
Chicago to decide upon the value of ahnild
ing m Paris by examining a specimen hriok.
These j>o«t morion examinations of the value
of buildings no longer ‘existing is per
haps a necessity of the dishonest sys-.
tern of insurance, and the" law should
at once put an end to them, hyrequiring that
insurance companies should ho compelled to
pay the full sum of tho risk taken by them
on all property which they can examine be
fore insuring. The proceedings of some of
these insurance companies, and their adjost
ere, and their estimate-makers, are so dis
graceful, not to say dishonest, that no person
acquainted with the facta ought over to do
any business with them.
ABOUT TtET.TIgP HATTERS.
There is considerable hue and. cry raised,
against the character of the relief service.
This might bo expected in any event. No
system of administering the benefits of the
relief fund would have suited all parties.
Especially wbuldany just system prove unsat
isfactory to those who think they ought to
receive a greater portion of aid than they
are in justice entitled to. Hence no sensible
person will be too ready to conclude, because
complaints are made, that, therefore, all is
wrong at the relief headquarters.
Nevertheless, wc presume the clergymen
and others who were represented at the
meeting on Monday, aud the others who are
complaining about the administration of the
Belief Society, are not entirely
without grounds for their com
plaints. It must bo that, under
the most perfect system which human wis
dom can devise under such circumstances as
the present, there will bo some needy ones
neglected, and tome sensitive ones subjected
to what they may deem indignities. It is
also possible (though less probable) that im
postors may obtain some of the benefits
which belong to real sufferers. Wo trust
tnat the managers of the Relief Society will
listen carefully to all complaints which may
bo made, and especially that they will tole
rate no boorishness or impudence on
the part of their employes. It
ought certainly to bo practicable
to fill tbc ranks of the society’s helpers with
thosclwho are ladies and gentlemen in their
demeanor, as well as .faithful custodians of
the property ciitrusted to them. If any of
them arc shown to have been otherwise, they
should bo discharged at once, no matter how
zealous they may hav.e been in looking after
the financial interests cf the society. The
society should also cheerfully accept the
co-operation of any organization
which* has facilities of its own
for obtaining or administering relief to spe
cial cases. Nor should the Superintendents
of the society conclude, because a person
has a criticism to offer concerning the socie
ty’s acts and methods, that they are neces
sarily “bummers or malcontents.
At the same time, clergymen, churches, and
the public must recollect that the Relief
Society cannot warp its plans to suit the
varying wants of ten thousand individual
cases. The chief. requisite of so extensive
an establishment, especially with such a
work OP hand as the Relief Society has, is
the greatest good the greatest nuviber, and
that, to fulfil this requite, economy is neces
sary above all things. A conai«f?rablo amount
of red-tape is also absolutely
prevent thousands.of abuses which woulu,
without it, creep into the management, and
eat up all tho resources of tho society, and
leave the sufferers destitute before Christmas.
Through the iustrumuntolity of the Relief
Society the needy sixty thousand can bo fur-
nished with shelter, clothing, and food fully
twice as cheaply as they could be by more
private and select methods of distribution.
It is co-oporatibn that docs tho business, and
all the partners in this co-operative arrange
ment must bo treated alike. We cannot rido
ns comfortably nor bo landed so close to our
own doors by the public street cars os by our
own private carriages; but many of us
have not private carriages, and must take
the less comfortable and loss accommodating
street cars. Wo would be called fools if we
were to demand that they servo ns as ele
gantly as onr coaches, and so much more
cheaply at tho same time. It is for tho good
of tho hundred thousand that tho officers of
relief have to seem unduly severe with tho
ono thousand.
TRE PERSECUTED MURPHY.
To prove that misfortunes never come
singly, tho people of New York, having been
bereft oi their Tweed, their Sweeney, and
their galaxy of Tammany jewels, have now
lost their Murphy, who sat at tho receipt of
customs, and by tho pulling of his gentle
wires directed the politics of tho East.
Murphy has resigned.
Like Napoleon and tho late Boss, Morphy
throws himself cn his “consciousness of roc-
itnde,” and calls upon history to vindicate
him. Tho rectitude is a very slight, frail
object, and, as to history, tho task assigned
it is already herculean; hence wo may say
that Murphy is very hard upon both
rectitude and history. Also .upon
the President, to whom ho applies fora char
acter, with which to go to the next place in
want of an experienced politician, thorough
ly familiar with tho cooking of.conventions,
used to chamber-work, and having' no ob
jections to going into the country,'or'into
any political party which wants a skilful
organizer of its kitchen cabinet.
Tho general purport of Murphy's letter to.
tho President is, I have served the govern
ment more faithfully than any other |oflHcor
fans done or could do in my place. lam de
voted to the government—hence I leave its
service. My management of New York poli
tics has been vindicated by the recent elec
tions. lam devoted to iny party’s interest—
hence I retire from the chancellorship of its
affairs.” This is not esteemed good logic out
in this section of the country. It is at Wash
ington, however. for the President* accept
ing the resignation, writes substantially,
Murphy has been with me some two years,
giving perfect satisfaction. I like him, and
hence I have. concluded. to dispense with
him. Anf man who will take Murphy off
my hands will confer a signal favor, and get
a good article.”
More specifically, Mr. Morphy affirms in
his -letter that his administration of the
Custom House has been a model one, and
that posterity will vindicate him. But ho
does not refer to his administration of the
Republican party of Now York, which has
been his chief business while an officer of the
Federal Government; nor doesho allude to
his operations in Now Yorkroal estate in con
nection with the Tammany Ring. Ho docs
not vindicate himself from the charge
of treachery to- Republicanism at Albany,
from -the- charge of cojxuptly and im
morally disposingpf the Federal offices for
purely personal purposes. These and other
kindred topics, which have formed the basis
of the persecution of which Murphy com
plains. do not receive a' single dip of ink
from his eloquent pen;-nor do they seem to
occur to the President -in making ont Mor
phy’s character” for him. The President
is euro, however, that, whether Murphy be
among the ins ortho outs, “Time will con
vince a just public of your entire innocence
of the charges ‘brought ngolnst youi” Oh
Murphy’s account, we hope this confidence
is* Pot misplaced, and that tho
just .public will hot hesitate to
bring iu a verdict of “not guilty”
the momuitjdujphy’e facte are all iu. As
Murphy is now temporarily out of employ
ment, ho could not devoto the winter mouths
to better advantage than in arraying the
fact?, if there are such, which bear upon his
side, and presenting for his vindication some
thing more substantial than his mere plea of
not guilty* This is all that has yot boon
brought forward to disprove the serious
charges which have been brought touching
the personal, political, and official integrity
of Mr. Murphy, and, though it may bo con
vincing to the President, is not so to the peo
ple of the United States.
THE BETTIS H-AMERICAN COMMISSION.
Tho Joint Commission provided by tho
treaty with Great Britain of May last for
hearing and adjudicating claims by British
subjects, resident in tho rebel States daring
tho war, for damages and losses, has or
ganized at Washington. Tho Commission
ers are Mr. Recorder Gurney, of Loudon, on
tho port of Great Britain; Judge Fraser, of
Indianapolis, on tho part of the United
States; the third member, selected by tho
King of Italy, is Count Corti,* an “Italian.
Tho United States are represented by Judge
Hall, and Great Britain by Mr. James M.
Carlisle, of Washington City, as counsel.
Tho British Government has also an
agent to receive and prepare the
claims for presentation, to tho com
mission. Over 2,000 claims have already
been filed. They include demands for losses
hy tho use and appropriation of private prop
erty by tho United States, and for losses un
der all tho circumstances incidental to a con
dition of war. They include, in many in
stances, demands for consequential damages.
Taking these claims at tho exaggerated sums
sot forth by the parties, they amount to
many millions of dollars. It will he remem
bered that the Confederate Government is
sued a series of bonds known as cotton-bonds.
In other words, that government took tho
cotton and gave to the owners bonds ropro-.
seating its value. Much of this cotton was
seized hy the United States, much of it was
destroyed to prevent its falling into Federal
hands, and much of it was destroyed bs tho
United States. Tho holders of these bonds
will claim their value, insisting that the
bonds are mere certificates of tho fact that
the holders wore tho owners of that much
cotton.
There are certain well-established princi
ples of international law which have a di
rect bearing upon the general question. The
first is, that all residents of a hostile State,
during war, are to be classed as enemies, and
no person can claim to have been exempt
from the consequences resulting from the
war. This is the absolute rule as regards
American citizens resident during the war In
tho rebel districts.
These claims rest npou the ground that tho
snfibrers were British subjects, and, there
fore, not subject, as ordinary residents, to
the consequences of a state of war. But this
point has been frequently adjudicated by va
rious governments, and especially by Great
Britain. At an early day in the rebellion,
Judge Holt, Attorney General of the United
States, certified to tho State Department the
following opinion on this point:
An unnaturalized foreigner and British sub
ject. who has been a permanent resident of ono
of the States of tho union and has enjoyed the
protection of our laws, is entitled to no more fa
vorable consideration than a citizen in regard to
tho payment of a claim upon tho government
for property taken for tho use and subsistence of
our troops, or destroyed or damaged during mil
itary operations in time of war.
Since then the Government of tho United
States has been governed by that opinion in
its dealings with this class of claims.
The British Government is on record, dur
ing a long number of years, as refusing even
to ask reparation for losses sustained by
British subjects residents in foreign coun
tries during war. The following official lot-,
tors of the British Minister, upon recent
cases, would seem to cover nearly tho whole
of tho claims of British subjects resident
in the rebel States during tho war:
Foreign Office, March 49,1871.
Sm: I am directed by Earl Granville to ac
knowledge tho receipt of your letter of the 22d
lust., containing a statement of certain property
possessed by you in Paris and tho neighborhood,
and referring to tho losses which you stato you
have sustained In consequence of the occupation
of such property by French and Gorman troops,
and requesting that your interests may be placed
under the protection of Lord Lyons, with the ob
ject of your claim being ultimately urged upon
tho French Government on account of suoh losses
and dilapidations. lam now to inform you that
Lord Granville has taken the opinion of the law
officers of the Crown ds to the liability of
the French Government to compensate
British subjects resident in Franco for loss and
damage to tbclrpropcrty durlngthe late war, and
that His Lordship has been advised by them that
tho British subjects resident in France would
have, in their opinion, no Jnst ground of com
plaint against the French authorities in tho event
of their property having been destroyed by tho
invading armies. -Their losses under such cir
cumstances would bo among tho Inevitable con
sequences of war raging in a State within which
they have chosen, as foreigners, to take up their
fCe*dcnco, and, with regard to such losses, British
subject would not bo entitled to claim any com
mutation from the French authorities.
Foreign Office, March 1,1871.
Sib I have consulted tho law officers of the
Crown upon tho point submitted to mo In your
despatch of the~slth of February, as to the claims
of British subjects to be indemnified for the loss
of property during tho war, and I have now to
acquaint you tfuir I am advised by them that
Her Majesty’s suMects resident In Franco whoso
property has been destroyed during the war can
not expect to bo compensated, on the ground of
their being British subjects, for losses which tho
necessities of war have brought upon them, in
common with French subjects. 1 am, etc.,
Granville.
Those British subjects who have had their
hopes of largo amounts, so diligently culti
vated are probably' destined to meet with
general disappointment.
IRON OEUJNO.
To the Proprietors of The Chicago Tribune:
Bms: Wo umlcretondlyour building was con
structed with corrugated iron arches
resting upon iron beams for floors. Wo
will bo obliged if you will inform ua how your
floor stood tho heat during the lato fire, and would
like your opinion in regard to corrugated iron
arches for fire-proof floors as compared with
those of brick.
American Corrugated Iron Co.,
Nov. IT, 1671. Springfield, Mata,
There worn several buildings in tho city
which' were considered fire-proof. Some
were constructed with iron arches for ceil
ings, on which thefloora wore laid, and some
with brick arcbcs. It should bo added that
tho iron arches wore covered with a mortar
made of gravel and cement, an inch or more
above tho crown of the arch, which mortar,
when dry,become hard. In nil cases where
tho walls were not injured, aud afforded
a firm support for the iron booms, these
arches are uninjured. More than half of the
ceilings of Tiik TiunuarE building *aro still
good, aud all that will ho needed is a coat of
paint overhead, and a floop, to render the
rooms ns good as they were before tho fire.
Wo understand that tho brick arches in the
Illinois Central Land Department building,
and of some others, have in every cose
proved to he worthless. Tho experience of
our fire decides us in favor of iron ceilings.
BELIEF OF 008 ABTIBTS,
On the 19th of October a meeting of artists
was held in the Academy of Design, at New
York, for the purpose of devising means of
relief for the artists of Chicago, many of
whom were left destitute by the lire. At
that meeting it was decided to solicit volun
tary contributions of pointings from the
artists, such paintings to bo sold and the pro
ceeds applied in aid of the above object. The
result of this mooting is now before ns in a
catalogue of 150 paintings, by the best East
ern artiste, winch will shortly ho sold at
auction. A private note accompanying the
catalogue informs us that the collection is
attracting great attention, and will undoubt
edly realize a handsome sum. Among
the pictures hy artists best known to Chi
cago connoisseurs are “At Long Branch,” a
water color, hy W. T. Richards; “Sunset,”
by. Shauglmessy; “View on the Hudson
River,” by Tiffany, a young but very promis
ing artist; “Wild Horses,” by Bispham, the
study for which was burned at Moore’s art
rooms In the Crosby Opera Hoase; “Fruit,”
by Winslow Homer; “Ducks,” by A, F.
Tait; “Every Cloud has its Silver Lining”
(a very significant title), hy S. C. Bontello;
“Sea Coast," by Do Haas; “Console-'
tion,” on allegorical representation of.
Plenty distributing to the granaries
of Chicago, hy Bonis Lang;
“A Seaside Landscape," by C, C. Griswold;
a sketch, by Geo. limes; Lake Zurich,” by
T. Addison Richards; “On the Farmington
River,” by James M. Hart; “Lake Mahte
nao,” by George H. Sinillie; a marine, by
J. E.Breyoort: Genesee Meadows,” by Sam
uel Column: Calmßefore the Storm,” by K.
VanElteu; alandsoape, by W. L. Sonntag;
“Juniata River,” by A. H. Wyant: “Fall
ing Leaves,” by Jervis McEutoe; “Sunset,”
hy W. Whittridgo; “Cedars in Autumn,”
by Wm. Hart; ‘.‘Tuolumne River,
Cal.” by Albert Bierstadt; “Going
to .Take a Nap,” by J. G. (Brown;
“Meadow Scene,” by A. D. Shattnck; “Los
Miserablcs,” by W, H. Beard; “Moonlight/;
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1871. 1
hy J. W. Casilear; “Out of Her Reach,” by
S, J. Gay; “South American Sunset,” hyM.
J. Hcado and three groups hy John Rogers,
tho well-known modeller in clay.
In addition to this generous action upon
tho part of the New York artists, Mr. Alex
ander White, of this city, has taken his ad
mirable gallery to New York for sale. Pre
vious to the sale, ho will exhibit it, and ap
ply tho proceeds of the exhibition to tho re
lief of our artists. The two projects combined
will undoubtedly produce a handsome sum.
As to tho manner of its disbursement there
is already a difference of opinion. An effort
is being made, wo understand, by certain
parties, to have the funds used entirely for
tho re-erection of tho Academy of Design.
While this may be a very excellent plan for
giving the artists a place of exhibition and
studios at a low price, especially those ar
tists who have lost hut little, there are other
things to ho considered. Some artists lost
everything, and have not only to replenish
their working stock, hnt are actually desti
tute of the necessaries of life. They must be
provided for, and tho erection of a now Acad
emy will not accomplish it. It will take
many mouths to build the Academy, and, in
tho meantime, these artists will suffer. The
members of tho Academy are already reor
ganized and holding their meetings regu
larly. They will do well to consider the sub
ject in all its hearings before they take any
definite* action.
Our local insurance companies have been
justly censured for many of their move*
menta and doings; hnt for genuine rascality
tho. following incident beats all wo have
heard attempted hy Chicago companies: As
soon as tho effects of our fire become known
in Now York, an aspiring genius found that
one of tho companies had lost about one
third of its available moans. He at once
bought ten shares of the stock, applied to
one of the courts of tho Barnard and Mo-
Cunn stripe, and had himself appointed
Receiver for the company. How much
the “Chicago sufferers” would have realized
on their policies by the management of such
a Receiver, and under the decrees nf such a
court, can readily ho* imagined. The fraud
was so transparent and ontragooua, that,
when the officers of the company presented a
statement of their assets and losses, the
order putting the company in bankruptcy
was rescinded, and its officers ore doing
business and paying their losses like honest
men. The above faot is commended to the
attention of onr citizens who are looking
after tho proposals for settlement by the
Eastern insurance companies.
A Professor Be Yere, who has just turned
out a book on Americanisms, has happily
discovered a new interpretation forth®word
Chicago. This has been held hitherto to
msan either skunk or wild onion, and be
tween these two tho proud Chicagoan might
take his choice. But now this Professor
comes in with a theory (whence derived we
know not) that Chicago means neither of
these offensive articles, but simply “play
ing water.” This interpretation, coming
just after our river has indeed begun
to “play,” or something like it, would
he accepted as an evidence of Be Vere’s
superior philological research, were it not
that a little farther on (on p. 195) ho solemn
ly informs his readers that tho term
“checks," in the phrase “to pass in his
checks,” means a checkered fabric of cot
ton,” of which shirts are made; hence, by
metonymy, that the late lamented Jim
Bledsoe, as snug by the classic Mr. Hay,
passed in his checkered cotton shirts when
he passed out of existence on tho ill-fated
Prairie Bello. This sort of talk has tho
effect to check our enthusiasm for tho new
philologist.
Tho King is dead—long Uro the King!" is
not exactly tho order in New York. There it
is, “Tho old Collector is turned out—pitch
into tho now!" In accordance with this
programme, wo hear it already alleged
against Mr. Arthur, tho successor of Mr.
Murphy in tho Custom House, that he Is a
fratemizer with Tammany, Laving been hut
recently smoked out by tho newspapers from
a SIO,OOO office. It is also charged
that ho is a favorite of Murphy’s, who
is expected to carry out that noble
martyr's programme, and honor all Murphy's
bargains for tho souls of useful politicians.
Wo trust this is not so, and that the report
from Washington, yesterday afternoon, that
Mr. Arthur is recommended by Messrs. Geo.
Opdykc, William Orton, John A. Griswold,
and others like them, os the fittest man for
tho place, will prove correct.
Mr. Disraeli, after all his defeats, —in
Parliament, before the people, and (lastly)
in the closet, as engineer of the now
exploded peer-and- artisan coalition,—has j uat
achieved a victory, having been elected over
John Raskin to some honorary office in one
of the Scotch universities. But, as Ruskin
ia deservedly the most unpopular man in the
kingdom, this election does not give much
edai to the ex-Premier.
Official returns of the recent election for Con
greaeman-at-Large, from all the counties in the
State but Lawrence, give Beveridge, Republican,
136,141; Hayes, 116,854; majority for Beveridge,
19,687. Lawrence County will reduce Beveridge’s
majority about 200/
The St. Louis Republican gives a list of forty
nine Democratic papers in Missouri which favor
the policy of making no Democratic nominations
for the Presidency and Vice Presidency in 1872,
—The New York Evetiing Post thinks that the
salaries of the more Important officers in our Na
tional Government are too low, It’says that one
of the most distinguished writers and respected
political thinkers of our country” (probably Mr.
George William Curtis) has recently been obliged
to decline the office of Secretary of State from
this consideration.
Amur Dickinson’s lecturing receipts for the
last two years alone have amounted to nearly
$40,000.
—The Hon. C. L. Vallandigham’s estate settles
up worth oyer SIOO,OOO, which goes to hla son
Charles.
—Gerritt Smith is in his 75th year, and his
memory is so perfect that he can repeat most of
the Psalms, and many other parts of the Bible.
His wife, whom he married abont half a century
ago, is still his companion.
—At Pittsburgh, a few days ago, Miss Leila
Anderson was married bv proxy to a Spanish
nobleman named Fernandez de Gamines. A
brother of the bride acted as tbo proxy.
—The Marchioness of Normandy, going for the
first time from Sydney to Brisbane, capital of
Queensland, Australia, of which the Marquis ia
Governor, was thrown out of her berth In a storm,
and arrived at her new kingdom with a black
eye and bandaged head.
-Louis Kossuth is living in a retired maimer
at Turin, Italy. He keeps himself thoroughly
acquainted with the news of the day, does not be
lieve in tbo International Society, hut regards it
as Indicating a tendency toward a republican
form of government in Europe; thinks that tho
troubles in Austria will result in the downfall of
tbo house of Hapsburg; fears that Hungary will
oppose German unity, will miss her opportunity
of becoming an Independent State, and will be
subjected to a fate like that of Poland.
—lt is rumored that tho Grand Duke Alexia has
requested an interview with tho woman
softragists, labor-reformers, and spiritualists of
America, and that tho Russian minister, Mr,
Catacazy, has made arrangements with Mrs.
Ylatoria Woodhull, President of the National Re
form Party, to hold the interview at her resi
dence, In New York,
—Frederiek W. Beetson, Into of No. 194 Wavcrly
place, New York, owned a favorite dog, and abodt
three weeks ago, while playing with him, the
brute licked Mr. B.’s Ups. The same night the
dog exhibited symptoms of being rabid, and*
continuing to grow worse, was killed with poison
three days subsequently., Two weeks ago Mr.
Beetson complained of great pain in his head,
had great horror of water, showed fear to an
unusual degree, and was seized with spasms on
drinking. A doctor was called to see Mr. Beet
son, about ten days ago, and* learning the history
of the ease, administered the proper antidotes,
without success, as death ensued on Friday.
—A citixen of Cincinnati, named Thomas Hol
ten, has Just returned home after an unsuccess
ful search of many days along the shores of Lake
Huron in quest of his wife’s body, she being' one
of the passengers on tho Coburn. He travelled
several hundred miles on horseback, on the
American and Canadian* shores, making careful
Inquiry at every point where there was any
chance of bodies having been recovered.
—At a special meeting cf tho vestry of Christ
Church, New Tork, on tho 17th, the Bov. Dr. Ewer
sent In his resignation as rector, and It was
promptly accepted. Dr. E.’s tendencies to
Catholic ideas, not only with reference to
church ceremonies, but tho sacraments also, wore
too strong, it seems, to bo permanently repressed,
and, in order to have a freer field for their incul
cation, ho considered there was no alternative
but to separate himself from tho parish.
—The New York of tho XBth sayaA
ILLINOIS ELECTION,
POLITICAL.
PERSONAL.
private view was afforded at the .Leavitt Art Gal
lery, lost evening, of the collection of pictures
belonging to Mr. Alexander White, of Chicago,
and the collection will be thrown open to tho
public on Monday. It is no exaggeration to say
that It embraces some of tho best pictures that
have been seen together for some time. Mr. White
Is evidently a gentleman of taste and refinement,
and has selected his pictures with the closest criti
cal eye and knowledge, and the result has been
the oolloctlou of a number of works of art which,
each one individually, represent- the truest and
best styles of the painter. Among the more
notable pictures noted in a hurried examination
ofjhe collection are ‘A Chapter from Parmela,* by
Geo. Broughton, a most exquisitely painted and
conceived picture; a water-color by Mcissonier;
a marvellous little pen-and-ink sketch by poor
dcad-ond gone Zamacols; a delicate pencil-draw
ing by Rosa Bonheur; together with works from
tho easels cf Church, Achenback, Bouguoroau*
Desgoffes, Ed. Frere, Bobie, Schroyer, Inncss,
Eastman, Johnson, Xoulmouche, Vibert, and oth
ers well known in art, both hero and In Europe.
It Is Mr. White’s purpose to dispose of his collec
tion at auction, severe losses In the Chicago lire
having necessitated such action, and an opportu
nity will bo afforded the art-loving public of
securing some of the rarest gems that have been
offered for a long time.’*
MISCELLANEOUS.
A pompous but benevolent Bridgeport (Conn.)
man has had Ida pliotograpli neatly framed and
sent on to the Wisconsin sufferers.
—Hie largest cotton mill In tile world will com
mence operations in Norwich, Conn., in a few
weeks. Its capacity is 110,000 spindles.
—The college photograph business has grown
to be so extensive that leading photographers
make great exertions to obtain contracts for the
larger colleges. Tho seniors at Yale have
awarded their contract this year to a Montreal
artist.
—A Philharmonic Society is to be formed of tho
best musical talent in Eansa£\City, Leavenworth,
6t. Joseph, and Omaha.
—Tho British Government sends tho following
reply to the Irish Fenian Amnesty Association:
“Her Majesty accepts and has acted on the
principle that political offences should, wheikthe
danger arising from them has passed awaAin
conformity with the sentiment of the age, be
treated with leniency; but the murder of Pollve
Sergeant Brett was not, in Her Mojcstoy’s judg
ment, a political offence, and still less oan she
consent to place in that category the conduct of
those who by perjury and mntinou.'* c acta have
brought disgrace on the profession ot gallant sol
diers. Her Majesty commands mo to add that,
while she recognizes the hnmane feelings which
have suggested a prayer of this nature, she.can
not but regret that it has been presented, os it
might naturally raise hopes which could only end
in disappointment.**
—Russia teaches her soldiers to build railways,
as 'well as to destroy them—making railway con*
etructlon a specific branch of her regular military
education. In 1869 a number of troops were sent
to the different railroads for instruction, with a
view to the ulterior formation of companies capa
ble of building, destroying or managing railroads
In time of war. Baring the coming evolutions
these men will lay down rails to connect the
Feterhoffand Warsaw lines. The distance is a
little over five miles, and the work most bo com*
plctcd in ten days. What does all this training
meant
—The Boston Shipping List of the 18th, speak
ing of the late Arctic disaster, says 44 T be total
number of vessels in the Arctic, including those
under foreign flags, waa 42. Tho latest reports
show that their catching* up to the time of tho
disaster amounted to 16,195 barrels of oil, which
was a very poor result, even had they safely
cleared tho fishery. We estimate the amount of
houe to he in the aggregate about 170,000 pounds.
Of the above number 7 vessels are supposed to
have escaped in safety (5 have arrived at Hono
lula. string fears are expressed for the safety of
at least l), with 2,995 barrels of oil, the bone of
which we estimate at 33,000 pounds, supposing
they all arrive in safety. Wo therefore consider
tho actual loss to be 36 vessels, 13,190 barrels of
oil and 127,000 pounds of bone, and see no reason
to hope that further advices will show It to bo any
less.”
—Some amusement, and not' a little eonstemo-
tion, have been caused by tbo discovery of an un
intentional but troublesome error In the first sec
tion of the act of February!*, 1871, granting pen
sions to tho survivors of the war of 1812. Tho act
most explicitly requires each veteran of sixty
days' service In the wsir, who applies for a pen
sion, to support the Constitution of tho United
States, and tho surviving widows of such officers,
and enlisted and drafted men. as tobk pact
m that war; kindly ‘‘provided, however, that
such widows have not remarried.” General fit.
John B. L. Skinner, late Assistant Postmaster
General, one of the Now York veterans, was
tbb first, to apply for and obtain tbo pension
granted by tho act, but declines to draw any
further instalments of it until he knows tho
extent of the obligations ho has unwittingly
assumed. The act will be taken up for amend
ment when Congress meets.
Improvements In ilie Reconstruction of
the City.
To fhc Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sib I have boon a resident of this city about
ten years, and have in tbat time admired the
beauty -with -which it was being improved in its
buildings and streets, but have never failed to
note the unstable character of the buildings—this
defect arising mainly out of the poor material
used, and the rapid manner in which the build
ings wire reared, which I have always deemed
very reprehensible, having frequently In conver
sation so expressed myself. In my observation
of the improvements, tho question was always
propounded as to where the tiro limits extended,
If there were any; to which mmiirv I never re
ceived a satisfactory answer. The idea of a com
munication through tho Journals had often oc
curred to me, but was deferred through press of
other engagements.
The calamity that has at length befallen the
city Is only what should have been looked for
sooner or later, owing to tho improvidence of our
citizens, and tho exceedingly accommodating
spirit that has prevailed with our Board of Public
Works. That board, either through their anxiety
to cater to popular feeling, and thereby secure
votes, or, through more commendable motives,
the great desire to have the city grow in magai-
tude and population, boa been lax In its duty up
to tho present time. If such a course has been
necessary for certain purposes, other certain ob
jects arc now so imperative that more positive
rigidness should be exercised. Self-preservation
demands it. and tho groat future of this
city demands it. This tiro has been sent, I
verily believe, nt this time, to'show us tho
way (ere any additional advance to greatness
bad been made In the same direction), and give
the persons who have in charge tho re-establish
ment of order, io., the opportunity, with a clear
Held and open way, to so commence tho work
that the grandeur, os well as convenience, of tho
city shall be commensurate to its demands.
This ordeal of Arc, in which individual suffer
ing has been without parallel, and tho material
loss unequalled by anything tho world's history
gives any account of, cither by the devastation
of the elements or the effect of war, in so short a
space of time, but furnishes tho lesson, though
severe, that we must learn by the experience
thus hardly obtained, wo must build unto our
selves the great Central City" of this continent;
for, that there is to be a great Central City,”
none pretend to doubt Tbat city must be one of
two now striving for the ascendency—Chicago or
Bt. Louis. I say let it be Chicago. Its strides to
greatness'have been immense; but it required
reconstruction upon a grander scale and more
solid basis to make it all that is desirable, for.
Just as surely as tho immigration to this conti
nent continues from across both oceans, the Pa
cific and Atlantic, Just so surely -will that influx
gravitate to tho centre (os docs tho water to the
deepest port), whence again to spread and cover
the entire length and breadth of the land. If
such,then, shall be*the case, it is plain to see
where that centre must be found. It remains
with this generation, then, and at this very time,
to so shape ourselves that we may secure it; and
tbat can be done only by pursuing a wise aud
broad policy, and considering well all points that
present themselves, having for their object tho
promotion of the general good, Irrespective of
any individual interest that may be involved (as
now there is no such interest to require especial
fostering), though each particular one will re
ceive more or less of the general good.
I think one of tho most important Improve
ments to bo secured now is the owning by tbe
city of all the territory on either side of tho
main river and its north and south branches, for
a space on either side as near to three hundred
feet as Canal, Market, Klnzio, South Water, and
such other streets as approach tho river through
out its entire length, will give tho room men
tioned. to be kept for wharf purposes, except
only where it is necessary to have elevators for
storing and transferring of grain. Locate them
at secure and convenient distances from each
other. Make all railroads enter tho city at either
end, following along the bank of the river, and
have tho grand Union Depots, one for tho use of
roads entering and following- either branch
of the liver, and near enough to each
other to make It convenient and
accessible to pass to or from either
rto the other. Pray government, if it Is the work
of the General Government, to make breakwaters
along the lake shore, to furnish a harbor for ves;
sols, and have removed to this lake front all tim
ber, coal, and wood yards. 1C it is the work of the
city to make the breakwater above referred to,
then let tho work go on. As a compensation for
this work, and for the use of docks on the river,
a fee per ton should be collected of each vessel
discharging, or having tbe use of dockage room.
By removing your lumber piles to the lake shore,
vou remove a largo and dangerous aider of fire
from your midst, and place It at one side of the
city, and over which tho prevailing galea and
winds tend seaward. Having the lumber,
wood, and coal yards at that place,
tho large amount of delay that Is of
so frequent occurrence by the passing in and out
of lumber and wood vessels, whose only business
is to go in loaded and return empty, would be
saved, and our bridges, in that way, would prove
.more useful totno transfer of people and propsr
*ty from either side of tho river. It will be said
that the cost of this undertaking would be too
great in tho present crippled condition of things.
'lt is true, the cost would be large, and there
wotild i bo considerable feeling entertained that
the money would bo squandered. But, even at
the expense of a reasonable percentage of mis
spent treasure, we had better secure the con
veniences and advantages to be derived there
from than forego this opportunity.
That same general plan of Improvement should
now be adopted to secure the demands that a
century or two hence will require, doubtless all
will admit is necessary; and that the defraying
of tho expense of this general plan should ho
distributed so that several generations to come
may pay for some of the benefits that they, more
than we shall enjoy. Is also proper: therefore we
need not hesitate on that account, bat only to
consider which Is the beet plan. There are many
other matters to be considered, such as tbo grad
ual removal of all wooden buildings now In use,
by districts, within a given tiiuo, outside of tbe
new fir© limits soon to do adopted, U.
Chicago, Not. 20.
BOARD OF HEALTH.
The Death Rato for the Poet Week—Small Fox
Alarmingly Prevalent—Twenty Now Cases
Reported* and Two Deaths— Sanitary Condi
tion of the Occupant.* of the Barracks—Re
port of the Sanitary Committee—Precautions
for the Future.
There was no quorum of the Board of Health
present yesterday afternoon, and so no meeting.
Tho usual reports, etc., were in readiness, and
are given below:
MORTALITY FOR TUB WEEK,
The report of the Sanitary Superintendent
shows tho total number of deaths for the week
ending November 18 to have-been us, besides
3 premature and 7 stlU-blrths. There was an'in
crease of a deaths over tho proceeding
.week. There wore 63 males and 58
females who departed this life. Among tho
chief causes of death were; Accident, 2: brain
disease, 5; cholera infantum, 2; consumption, 4;
convulsions, 13; croup, 5; diarrhoea, 1; dysen
tery, 3; scarlet fever, 5; typhoid fever, 17; heart
disease, 4; old age, 2: pneumonia, 7; smallpox,
2; suicide, 1. On tho 16th, 21 deaths occurred, and
on the 14th, 12. There were no deaths .reported
in the First, Second, Nineteenth and Twentieth
wards; leach in the Fourth, Fifth and Seven
teenth; the largest mortality being in the Fif
teenth word, where there were 10 deaths.
Tho Superintendent remarks that the moat
marked chance Is in tho increase by convulsions
and pneumonia. There is nothing unusual in the
causes of death, and tho death rate Is not high,
taking all things Into consideration. The nmubor
of deaths in tho hospitals was not as grout d last
week.
SMALL-POX.
During tho post week there were reported two
cases of small-pox at No. 17 String street; one at
No. 209 Newberry avenue; three at No. 57 Cherry
street; one at No. 783 West Lake street; four at
No. 182Newberry avenue; one at No. 22 String
street; two on Thomas street, near Lincoln; one
at No. 25 Grove street; one at No. 716 South Rel
ated street; one at No. 2*3 West Division street,
and ono at No. 735 Larrabce street—in all twenty
cases. The cases on Thomas street ore
Immigrants just arrived, who were passengers
on the Aliemania from Hamburg. For the last
two weeks nearly all immigrants that have ar
rived here had the infcouon among them, and
within tho last week a number of oases came
here, some remaining, and others going to various
points id tho Northwest. On Monday morning
attention was called to a man disguised as a
woman, suffering with small-pox, who was
making his way to Milwaukee, but was stopped
at the depot, from whence ho was removed, as
soon ns possible, to tho Small-pox Hospital. Tho
Superintendent immediately culled the attention
of tho railroad authorities to tho fact, and sani
tary policemen were directed to inspect all In
coming trains having immigrants aboard. The
Immigrant bouses were also ordered to bo In
spected, and inmates vaccinated by the Sanitary
Inspectors. A communication has been ad
dressed to tho Superintendents of tho railroads,
urging the vaccination of their employes. On
Sunday a woman, suffering with small-pox, was
brought from Blue Island to this city, taken to
the Mercy Hospital, then to the County Hospital,
then to a police station, and, finally, to the office
of the Board, and from thenco to tho Smallpox
Hospital. The party who left her hero, left her
at the County Hospital, and it was ouly owing to
the kindness of a woman that sho was finally
cared lor, as &U seemed ready to abandon
her. Ono patient, suffering with mild varioloid,
ran away from tho Smvll-pox Hospital, and when
the Steward attempted to take him back, refused
to go. and, having no ono to assist him, the Stew
ard could not compel him to return. It will bo
seen front the foregoing that, in spite of all tliat
has been done, there has been a decided increase
in the number of cases, and there were this week
more reported than for the same time during tho
last four years. The rwo persons who died of
the disease during the week had never been vac
cinated. The Superintendent urges vaccination
and rc-vaccination, ns no ono eon tell when ho
will como In contact with the infection. No new
cases have occurred in the barracks, where vac
cination and re-vaccination have been pushed
with all the vigor possible.
HEALTH AT THE BARRACKS.
Although there are now about 6,000 inhabitants
of barracks, there have been no deaths in them
for tho past three weeks. Tho general health at
tho barracks is better than in the crowded houses in
various parts of the city. A number of such cases
were reported dining tho past week, where tho
inmates positively remsed the offer of the Shelter
Committee to furnish them accommodations, and
they were compelled to remove as a sanltiry
necessity. The barracks are daily being made
more comfortable, and tbo sanitary arrangements
are improve! as fast as possible. Comfortable
and well-arranged hospitals aro now being
constructed ‘at tho Harrison and Hoisted
street barracks, wbloh will bo finished in a short
time, and where tho sick will bo well cared for.
There is also less typhoid fever In the barracks,
proportionately, than in the crowded houses.
On tho subject of the sanitary condition of the
barracks, there aro several reports from tho
District Sanitary Inspectors. The report, dated
November 20, of Dr. Adolphus, Inspector of tho
District in which are located tho Sladison and
Elizabeth street barracks, contains tho follow
ing items, all of which confirm the statements
made in yesterday’s Tribune
I am sorry to state that tho water closets of tho bar
racks are only two feet distant from the rooms facing
them. These rooms arc Impregnated with fecal odor,
and must be detrimental to tho inmates. Tho water
closets are in the usual filthy condition.
NUISANCES.
During the past week thoro were’ served 333
notices to abate nuisances, and 173 were abated.
REPORT OF THE SANITARY COMMITTEE.
The report of Drs. Rauch and Johnson, tho San
itary Committee, which should have been pre
sented yesterday, is as follows
In compliance with Instructions, tho Sanitary Com
mittee wonlil respectfully recommend that a regula
tion be passed by tho board, forbidding the building of
distiUenes, slaughter-houses, rendering establish
ments, and soap-factozico, in the territory Included
between Fullerton aveune, Douglass placa, and
Western avenue. The committee wonld
fmther recommend that no rendering bo
allowed within tho above prescribed limits from
April 1 to October 1; also, that no establishment bo
built or business carried on, that .may become detri
mental to health outside of said limits, and within the
Jurisdiction of this board, without first obtaining a
permit from the board- Also, that no more than two
Lead of cattle bo allowed to bo kept on any lot or in
any stable within tho limits of the city until first ob
taining permission from tho board.
REPORTS PROH THE COURTS.
CIRCUIT COURT.
OPRRA HOUSE SUIT.
A writ of attachment was sued out by Thomas
Lynch against Albert Crosby, upon allegation
that defendant Is indebted to plaintiff in the sum
of $40,575.13, of which sum $25,145 was for money
loaned, and promissory notes for the balance,
payable on demand, with interest at 10 per cent,
and for work and labor; The defendant Is
charged as a non-resident, it being stated tha t- be
hails from Massachusetts.
INSURANCE CASH.
An injunction issued upon the prayer of Vi
liam Grus Co. (Oms and John O’Connel). tailors
to restrain ’he Germania Insurance Company
from prosecuting a note of 1960 scoured by trust
deed on Lota 46 to 63 of Soucrbry «t Grus’ Subdivi
sion of Block 28 School Trustees. Subdivision of
Section IS. 38, U east, with a view to offset a
policy upon which was a loss of $3,000.
SUPERIOR COURT.
ALLEGED BROKEN COVENANT.
William Fiedler was summoned ns forbrenoh of
a covenant by Stephen Rcuas upon a demand for
$6,000 damages.
CASE.
An action on the ease was commenced by Mor
ris Hearn against James Wright, in which the
damages are laid at $6,000.
ASSUMPSIT.
Actions of assumpsit were commenced by:
Anthony A. C. Rogers vs. William H., John
T.. and James M. Harper, demand $3,000.
Christian Metz vs. Nicholas Bloehs; demand,
$2,000.
REAL ESTATE,
List of Instruments Hied for Record on Tnes~
day. Not. 31.
CITV PROPERTY.
Lot 48 in Block 0 of e 1-2, Sec 31,39,14, dated
May 24; consideration, S6OO.
Emma st, west of Milwaukee av, n f, 25x125 feet,
dated October 20; consideration, SBSO.
Canal st, HO ft southof Vanßarcn st, e f. 22x190
feet, dated November 13; consideration. $5,500.
Clark st, between Vanßurcn and Harrison sts,
ef, 18 3-12x100 ft, dated Nov. 8; consideration,
$7,433.
Second st. between Western ar and Oakley st,
nf. 25x125 ft, dated Nov. 20: consideration, S7OO.
Clybourn av, n wof Division st, n e f, 66 ft,
running to Laßar st, dated Nov. 20; consider
lion, $5,000.
Lot 22, in s 1-2, Block 54, 800 19,39,14, dated
Oct. 14; consideration, $425.
Lot 36 of Block 8 of Hodges* Subdivision, in
Sherman’s a cJi-4 Sec. 28, 19, 14, dated Nov. 20,
lft>B; consideration. $625.
Erie st, 125 ft w of Kingsbury st, sf, 25x100 ft,
dated Nov. 2 consideration,sl,9oo.
NORTH OP CITY LIMITS.
Lot 39 of Block 19, of e 1-2 of a e 1-4 Sec. 29,40,
14, dated Nov. 14; consideration $1,500.
SOUTH OP CITY LIMITS.
Lots 24 and 35 in Block 1 in Orris Subdivision, a
e 1-4 See. 7,38, 14. dated Nov. 22; consideration,
1160.
•n-prr.TRW for CHICAGO.
PARIS.
8. X>. Warren, Erlanger 4c Go., Bothchild freres
and Fould Co., of Paris, each subscribed 10,000
francs for the sufferers of Chicago. Eleven other
firms and individuals gave, each 6,000 francs;
seven, 3,600 each; four, 3,000 each; three, 1,500
each; and thirty-seven, 1,000 each. Up to No
vember 3. Munroe Co., of No. 7 Bue Scribe,
acknowledged the receipt of subscriptions amount
ing to £37,350 francs, or about 947,000.
LONDON.
London, Nov. 18.—A despatch has been received
from the State Department at Washington, thank
ing 'the Consuls of the United States in Eng
land and on tho Continent for their
efforts in behalf of the suffering
inhabitants of Chicago. The circular
says the American Government. is gratified to
see in tho liberal responses to the appeals of its
representatives abroad unnsnalevidences of in
ternational sympathy. The total amount of sub-
scriptions for Chicago received at the Mansion
House up to lost evening is £48,600.
Capt. Bam. E. Gross has received six boxes
more of clething. Ac., for distribution among tho
poor of Chicago from the Ladles' Relief Associa
tion of Philadelphia, of which Mrs. Hatter Is
President and Susie E. Claghom is Treasurer.
These worthy ladies have sent in all over twenty
large boxes of clothing to Chicago, and are de
serving of honorable mention.
The Belief mad Aid Society aad the Bn
yean of Special Belief*
Ib the Editor of The Chicago TrUtvne
Sib: In your report of tho proceedings of the
meeting held yesterday afternoon at tho First
Congregational Church, the reporter evidently,
misconceived the nature of ray remarks, and as
that misapprehension concerns others, I have
deemed it beat to request space for correction.
1. Isold nothing whatever in regard to the
general management of the Belief and Aid Socie
ty. Tho BUbjecfunder discussion was tho failure
of the Bureau of Special Belief to accomplish the
end for which It was created by tho Belief and
Aid Society.
2.1 did not, in the most remote way, hint nt or
charge corruption. 1 havo no reason for doubting
tho strictest integrity on the part of tho
gentlemen in charge of the Bureau of
Special Belief, and wish it dis
tinctly understood that the complaint lanotono
of tho misapplication ot relief; but rather of tho
non application to a class of cases peculiarly ro-
intend to.WjgWftg
of brains on the part of those i a 0 f
Relief and Aid Society, or of the Bureau, oi
Special Relief. My own suspicion is,mttue
framers of the system under criticism, mm
having moved in an atmosphere far remove
.both intellectually and socially from want oi
any kind, hardly appreciate the natiiral sensi
tlvencssof the human heart under these circiim
stances. The remark that I made at the meeung
yesterday was: “That there certainly must he
in the city of Chicago both brains and heart
enough to devise some means by •which these
sensitive natures could in a prompt and humane
manner receive needed aid.”
‘4. Mv remark in regard to
funds held In other cities, had reference to the
iioii-apnlicatlon and not the wis-appllcation of
relief, and was to tho effect that to my knowledge
money and supplies are being held back from tho
feeling that bv-and-by. In this very direction, a
great want will be reached that has not been mot
by tho regular relief system, and that there was
more and more tendency on the part of commit
tees In the cities still holding theso funds, to dis
tribute them through churches and independ
ent beneficiary associations.
6. In conclusion I desire to say that j consider
the system of tho Relief and Aid •Society' of Chi
cago as one of the best anywhere to be found, for
the care of .the poor y o have all ways with you.
And have used some Utile influence that
I possess in some other cities, to secure tho adop
tion of similar plans. But special emergencies
require special appliances, and, as in many na
tional crises, the man for the situation is h© that
can throw theories to tho wind, and, by energetic
practice, achieve substantial results. Witu re
spect, P. FEAKKIiAXP,
Chicago, Nor. ai, iBTi.
A Branch of the Cincinnati Soap; House.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
8m: Please announce to your readers that a
branch of the Cincinnati Soup House has been
established on Harrison street, in the northeast
quarter of the barracks, on the corner of Centro
avenue and that street. The nutritious com-
Sound will be served out to families in tho ncigh
orhood, requiring It, ns well as thoso living in
the barracks, every day (Sunday’s included),
from 9 a. m, to 4 p. m.
B. Fbaxklakd; Supt,
Chicago, Nov. 21,1871.
CROCKERY.
BURLEY
dt TYRRELL,
CHICAGO.
IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS
OF
CHINA
AND
EARTHENWARE.
GOODS BY THE
PACKAGE ONLY,
Shipped Direct from New York
or Chicago.
Office, 817 State-st,
BOOM 6,
Entrance, Sixteenth-st.
GENTS’ CLOTHING.
OVERCOATS!
Business Suits!
DRESS SUITS
AT LESS
THAN
OLD PRICES!
EDWARDS,
BLUETT CO.,
376 STATE-ST.,
45 47 WEST MADISON-ST.
WEBSTER’S DICTIONARY.
Get tlie Best!
WEBSTER’S
DIMMED DICTIOHABY,
16,000 WORDS ASD BEIffIHGS HOT IT
OTHER DICTIONARIES.
3,000 EngraTinn. 1.840 Paces Quarto.
Price, sl3,
FBOM VICE PRESIDENT COLFAX.
SOLTI! BUND. IXO., Oct. 23, 1371.
MESBRH. O. C. XtERIUAM:
Lear Bins: The hour I have Inst spent looking
through jour latest edition of that remarkable work,
Weesier’B Dictionary, has impressed me more than
ever before with the debt of gratitude wooweto Noah
Wkbstek. for having, ‘•despite a feeble constitution,
and amidst obstacles and tolls, disappointments. Infir
mities and depressions.” given thirty-five years of his
lilo to tbo enormous labors Incident to its preparation.
Scarcely less valuable arc the additions made to it by
the eminent writers who have so expanded the text in.
Definitions and Illustrative Citations, as well as in tbo
Supplements of Synonyms, Phrases in all the modern
languages and their meaning, Principles of Pronuncia
tion, etc. While the publishers, in the unsurpassed
beauty of its typography, and the 3,000 Illustrations,
which add so much of attractiveness and instruction
to its pages, have nobly done their part toward the
completeness of this great work of oar century.
Whenever I wish to ascertain exact definitions I con
sult it, and that Is quite often.
Yours truly, SCIIUTLER COLFAX.
A necessity for every intelligent family, student,
teacher, aad professional man. What Übrniyis com
plete without the best English Dictionary 1
ALSO
Webitcr's National Pictorial Dictionary.
I,(HO pages octavo. 600 Engravings.
Price, $3.
Tho work is really a gem of a Dictionary, Just the
thing for the million,—Autertan J&fumttcmal J/dnfAly.
GF“ Published by O. r. MERRIAM, Springfield,
Hnss. Sold by all Booksellers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ESTEY
ORGANS
The sweetest, purest, richest tone.
The easiest, quickest, and most DUR-
action. The only Organ contain
ing the genuine VOX HUMANA and
wonderful VOX JUBILANTE.
A fan assortment of the latest new and elegant styles
Inst received. Prices aslow and terms as favorable as
Heretofore.
Organs to Bent or lor Sale on Instalments.
STORY CAMP,
(Late Organ Department of Seed's Temple of Music.
General Igents for tbe fforthvestj
409 West Randolph-st, Chicago.
HAZELTON PIANOS.
N.GOOLD& SON, Agents,
1024 Prairie-a>v%,
NBAS TWENTT-SECOND-ST.
fiaktos to rest.
HOODS, SCARFS. See,
COUMftY, THDUT CD.,
OFPHILADELPHIA,
Have now* In stock for the accommodation of the Chi
cago Jobbing Trade, a full line 01
Hoods, Kiibias, Scarfs,
JiCEETS, HOSIER!, GLOTES,
AND V
Shirts ssnd Drawers,
'Which we offer at Eastern prices, and deliver goods
from, stock at
KO. 539 STATE-ST.
insurance.
NORTH BRITISH
MERCANTILE
ENStJKMCE CO.,
Of London Edinburgh, G. 8.,
ESTABLISHED im
UNITED STATES BRANCH,
50 William-st. ,New York,
it. j. smith:.
Superintendent of Agencies for Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois* and dchl?an.
■Will have intact, after deducting* CHI
CAGO LOSSES:
Capital,; $10,000,000
Fire Surplus, oyer 3,000,000
Life Assets Annuities, 11,000,000
$24,000,000
Of which $1,100,000, besides the $200,-
000 deposited with the State Department
of Illinois,' is invested in this country, and
will remain intact for the benefit of tho
Fire Business of the United States.
Up to date over
$1,150,000
Of this Company’s losses by the latafira
have been paid.
C. M. PATCH,
E. G. N¥E, [Adjusters.
CIINTON F. PAIGE,]
S. M. MOORE CO.
AGENTS,
879 Wabash-ar. and 68 Canal-st.,
CHICAGO, ILL.
Solid Fire Insurance.
IMPERIAL
Fire Insurance Co.,
OF LONDON.
$8,000,000
This is the only TTngliw'h Insurance
Company represented in Chicago whose
business is exclusively Fire Insurance.
Property-owners will consult their best
interests by protecting themselves with
Polities in the IMPKBTAIi.
DAVIS REQUA,
AGENTS,
Boom 2, No. 43 South Canal-st.,
605 Minhigan-av.
LUMBERMAN’S
Insurance Company.
IDJUSTaEST OFFICE,
306 "West DlomoG’St.
All persons that have not presented proofs of lour
are requested to do so as soon as practicable AU hold
ers of Pedicles on which there lion boon no loss
tained are requested to surrender them lor cancella
tion, as they are no longer good.
T.OHOAQ, President.
NEW ENGLAND
M. M. Ins. Company
OF BOSTON.
Policy-holders of the above .Company trill presen
th.ir claim sito
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.,
Security Insurance Co.
ADJUSTMENT OFFICE,
60S WABASH-AV.
Parties having claims against this Company irm
S lease present the same for adjustment to hfesan.
ILBERT <fc FERGUSON. atNo. 608 Wabaah-av.,
who will Also receive, lor cancellation. Policies of tw«
Company under which no loss has been sustained,
T. E. STILLMAN, for Receiver.
LAMAR
Insurance Company,
Policy-holders will not settle losses in this Company.
For information call on 6HUFELDT BALL, Solicit
ors, 219 West Madison-st.
TO INSURANCE MEN.
THE CHRONICLE
18 -RE-ESTABLISHED AT
No, 46 South Desplaiuas-st.
_ J. J. W. O’DQNOGHUE, Prest and Trcoa.
E. A. HEWITi*, Sec.
PERSONAL.
Experienced insurance agents who, since the fire,
find their occupation gone, make liberal arrange
ments with the National Life Insurance Company, of
Chicago, to canvass in the city.
Inquire at the home office, 633 West Lake-st.
j JOHN F. PEASE,
NOTICE.
Policy holders in Cleveland Insurance Companion
attend a meeting at Trcmont Wednesday even
ing, at Bp.m. stockholders are thought to be liablo
for doable amount of stock. Don’t fall to be repre
sented there. By request of _
SEVERAL SUFFERERS.
Garflen Clly State of GMcago.
Cash paid for policies. AS tliat can be obtained at
tbe end of litigation. SUDFELDT «fc BALL,
ao West MmUflon-at.
Elastic Slip,
as now manufactured, is free from tbe objections
brought against tbe article when first produced as
substitute for Curled Hair and Feathers; and. after*
successful introduction Into the Eastern market, tba
PERFECTED article Is offered in Chicago with the
guarantee that, in every respect, satisfaction shall ba
given the purchaser.
ELASTIC SPONGE Is cheaper and more durables
than Hair or Feathers. Mattresses, Pillows, Bolsters*
Cushions, etc., on hand and for sale by
E- P. HOLLISTER A CO.,
8 and 10 North Canal-st., Chicago, QL
Call or send for circulars, price-lists, etc.
Mte ail tetter Bale.
HALLOCK WHEELER,
23 WEST HANDOLH-ST., have BOW a full stock ot
the above. Also Engine and Conducting Hose. Bala
ber Clothing, and Rubber Poods generally.
COAX.
About fifteen tons of Hard Coal
are for sale, very cheap, at 309
Michigan-av. Inquire of C.
CARTER, on tbe premises.
THE
ASSETS OTEB
Gor.n.
OP CHICAGO.
ELASTICSPONGE.
BELTING.
COAX.