ESTABLISHING TITLES,
Letter from H. C. l-nrncd, E,q.
TU lhr Editor of Thr Ch .engo Tribune:
-A' SI R: 1 have read Judge Scales’ letter in to-
S? “Sy’gJ’RiBCSE. It seems to me that the
underrates the importance of
a decree declaring and alabluhing title. The
mode proposed by him, of undertaking to re
store our titles by secondary evidence, and
rest them upon the chances of making up
such evidence, would be wholly inadequate
to meet our difficulties. It would ho almost
impossible, iu such a condition of nliairs, to
make a title abstract-which would be satis
factory to Eastern capitalists: and, unless
this result is attained, there is an end to our
ability to loan money upon the property for
the purpose of rebuilding, and the restora
tion of our city is retarded for years.
There is, of course, a certain amount of
nsk of frauds, which is necessarily incident
to any plan which may be adopted which
will be sufficiently summary and effective to
meet the absolute and imperative require
ments of mir condition. Rnt it must In* home
in mud. that the great proportion of the
cases will bo bona,fide, and the owners will
in such cases, be at once placed iu a safe ami
secure position as tot he titles to their prop
erty. e must not, in the legislation winch
is to remedy a great and almost universal
evil, be deterred from providing what is
alone adequate to tho purpose, because
there is a possibility of such remedy being in
some instances abused, to the ‘lnjury of
individual property holders. If ‘the
chance of fraud, in some instances. lie ad
mitted to he a possible evil, it is a much
less evil than it would be to deprive the great
mass of our property-owners of the power to
have their titles re-established and made se
cure by a decree of a Court of Chancerv,
This is the only remedy which, in my
opinion, is at all adequate to the case; ami
anything which falls short of this will he
found very unsatisfactory, ami will utterly
fail to relieve us of the difficulty in which
pnr titles are placed. And to allow onr Leg-
Islature to adjourn without establishing such
h remedy will, iu my judgment, be a policy
most ruinous to onr interests.
The suggestions in a recent Jeter of Mr. Le
Moyne, with a view to the -simplicity, rapid
ity, aud inoxpeusiveness of the proceedings,
seem to me eminently judicious.
Might not tho difficulties suggested by
Judge Scales be iu the mum avoided, ami yet
the essential point—the right to have a decree
declaring and establishing titlv— preserved by
providing that such decree should be conclu
sive a» to all persons who wax named a* parties
i» 1/if publication notice f In all cases in
chanceir. decrees are conclusive against the
parties thereto; and a publication notice is,
under our present practice, a common mode
of obtaining jurisdiction over the parties
therein named. Hundreds of our titles rest
upon decrees iu foreclosure suits, where the
bar to the right to redeem has been secured
by a decree based upon just such notices.
Ify obtaining from the abstracts of Shortall
*l-Hoard a summary of the chain of title it
will be easy for any good lawyer to include in
bis publication notice the names of all persons
through whom tho title lists been derived.
There is no good reason, that I can perceive,
why. in such a suit, upon proof of title satis
factory to the court, being made, a decree
should not be entered declaring the title of
the plaintiff as established by the evidence,
mid that such decree should be eonclusive.
and forever bar the rights and claims of all
those who were made parties to the suit bv
being named as such iu tho publication
notice. Such a decree, accompanied l»v a
copy of the a deceee of title as shown bv the
abstracts of ShortaHA Hoard, ami indeed,
without such copy, would be sullicient to
enable the most careful attorney to-approvc
the title- Iu four-fifths of the eases
there would be no adverse appearance;
and in this way by far the greater part of the
titles to Chicago property would be at once
effectually re-established upon even a safer
and more satisfactory basis than they were
before. For it must be borne in miml that
Short all A: Mould’s abstracts would be evi
dence only of the faeteshowu thereby. Any
opinions noted by them as to the defects in
acknowledgments, etc., would not he evi
dence: and so tho whole of the Technical de
fects of form, on which so many claims for
dome and other objections to* titles have
hitherto been based, would be swept awav.
and wo should start fresh, with a clean rec
ord, resting only upon tiic actual chain of
title; ana, to this extent, the destruction
of the records would work a great benefit.
1 perceive in the course above nug
f ested which would viujutc any principle of
aw, or amount to a serious departure from
oor existing and established forms of proce
dure under existing laws. The Legislature
would merely adapt these remedies to the
present emergencies, by making the proceed
ings more summary, and the metliods of
securing the desired result less expensive
aud troublesome, so as to bring them within
Jim easy reach of parties whose property
would not bear any costly inode of proce
dure/
In case of an adverse appearance, the case
as to such defendant would, of course, be
come a litigated ease, and would proceed ac
cording to the established rules in such
coses.
Actual fraud vitiates any decree so that,
in such cases, there must be a remedy for the
party defrauded.
This mode of procedure, in connection j
■with appropriate legislation to make the
contents of tlie books Ar Hoard
competent evidence to prove the contents of l
the deeds whose substantial contents are
therein preserved before the Commissioners
for The purpose of establishing title, and a
short statute of limitations would, it seems
to me, place the matter in as satisfactory a
shape as could be desired.
To meet special cases, when; the names of
the parties through whom the title is derived
could not be given in the publication notice,
there might be a publication notice author
ized against unknown parties; but the notice
In such cases might be required to Im*
published more extensively, and for a
longer period: and the decree in this
class of cases On which the liability of
fraud and injury Mould ho the greatest)
might not be allowed to become
conclusive in favor of the plaintiffs title mi*
ill after a period of time sufficiently long to
make the risk of any injury to result from
/mch decree so small as to remove every se
rious objection. Even if the time required
were equal to that lixed upon in the short
statute of limitations, it would be still la-i
--ter to allow the decree; for every one famil
iar with titles knows that a title resting
merely on a statute of limitations is not sat
isfactory or marketable.
Jn ease of subdivisions and plats, in the re*
establishment of which large numbers of
Eartics would be interested, a remedy should
o given by a general notice to
all parties ill interest, without naming them,
to come iu and show cause why the plat of
such subdivision should be re-established and
ordered of record: and. under a simple sum
mary proceeding of this sort, the plat might
be proved and recorded, ami any person
having or claiming title to any lot ju such
subdivision permitted to use the plat wlu-u
so recorded, in the same manner, and with
the same effect, as he could have used tie;
record of such plat which hasten destroyed.
This, with a further provision enabling par
ties claiming title by mesne conveyances in
any addition 1« prove the title of their
Smutore bv the production of any previous
ecvoe establishiugsuch title in those grant
ors would save much delav ami expense,
and avoid the necessity of more than one
aroofastothe title previously established
l>y decree, and through which their own title
was derived.
There an; in existence, m the record of our
Supreme Court and elsewhere, many cases i n
which the court records show the entire
chain of title to the property in litigation in
such suit. Then* should be an opjMjrlunlty
offered to produce these certified copies
shown ou the record before a Commissioner,
mid when sufficient evidence of their au
thenticity being founded, to be duly eertilied
be him, and ordered to Ih* placed on record
in the Registry of Deeds, ami a proviso that.
Tvluui so entered, they should have the same
face ami effect as evidence that the original j
record of said deed would have had.
The importance of this matter of the re-cs
tablishmeui of our titles on a secure ami sat
isfactory basis, which will command the ap
proval of capitalists and insure confidence
in oar securities and iu the safety of prop
erty. can hardly bo over estimated. The
amount of money which must be laiseu by
friur property-owners for the purpose of re
erecting the structures which
have been destroyed, will be very large.
Chicago cannot be rebuilt unless money van
l>e raised Upon bond and mortgage; so that
this matter is one of the most vital character.
I doubt whether its importance is sufficient \y
appreciated hy our citizens; but it will be,
the moment they undertake cither to raise
money upon their property in the market, or
to make a sale of it. The lirsl step in all
hucli transactions is to submit au abstract,
uud have nn opinion ou the title;
and how is any abstract to be
presented, or any opiuiuu of title
given, upon anv such cvldeneeof title as now
«*xist. It will be simply impossible; and tbe
marketable value of our property w ill be dc.-
*troved for the want of any satisfactory
mode of showing that wu have a good title
to it.
Owner* of property who arc exporting to
rebuild, and who are relying upon obtaining
loans upon the security of their property to
enable them to do so, and all who desire to
*ell their property must see to it that the
next session of our Legislature nows not ex
pire without the passage of such legislation
ns shall meet tbe ease. _
I think U would be very desirable that our
leading property-owners should call a meet
ing and appoint k roruniittee to go to Spring
field and look after this very important
matter, and make It thcU special business to
see that the needful legislation is perfected
and passed. Thrre is nothing which has
«*on>e l»ofore the Legislature, or which *rijl
Jiereafter be presented to il for the relief of
Chicago, which, iu my judgment, is more
important to onr interests, or the neglect of
which will be more Iniurioiis to onr grow (h
and prosperity in the future. Your obedient
servant, E. C. LAHNKJ».
CfItCAOO. Xov. s.
flow Tweed Beat Bmib—A
rested and Disfranrlkiscd.
Jo the Editor of the \etr York Sun
Sm; I. have WTii in the oveuinß paper*
that no ticket* of mine could he hadiu Wv
«iral of the wards. That is true, for some who
bad chance ot the Kcforui boxes romhiued
with the Tammany gcutlcmeu. and I was no
where. I was assured that it Mr. Miller ran
be should have to gel separate boxes; vot his
tickets were “bunched" with the fioform
tickets, and mine excluded.
The Couuaittefi 01 were to attend
VOLUME 25.
to my tickets. I know they did their best,
hut it was with clifflcnlty I could get tickets.
hen I saw the trick that the keepers of the
•heform boxes were plaj'ing upon me, I sent,
at 12 o clock, to Mr. Davenport for tickets,
and got some. In the boxeskept by German-
Aniericans my tickets wereattemied to. They
acted honestly, but I can’t say to much for
some of the Irish-Americaus.
I went to vote myself, and was 1 umed away
from the polls, X went a second time with a
witness, and, after being sworn, the intelli
gent officials put me under arrest. 1 was
taken to the station, but tho Police Magis
trate said that my action was quite legal;
that he would not be a party to any such
persecution of voters, and told me-1 was at
liberty. When I got back to the polls again
they were closed, and thus was 1 prevented
from voting.
My papers were in your office, and ns I had
not them in my possession 1 was cheated out
of my vote.
1 thank tho Germans; I thank the Ameri
cans but some of the Tammany Irish hooted
at me ami my friends wherever we went;
pelted rotten apples at mo and them:
assaulted small numbers of men who had
charge of my tickets, and acted every way
worthy of their employers.
i don’t like to see foul play when I go into
a tight fairly, and I think it was not fair for
Jhe "Reformers” to exclude me from their
boxes and mn Mr. Miller. Yours very truly,
O'Doxovan* Ross.v.
John David O'Brien is witness to all I state.
Oim PETTICOAT POLITICIANS,
Dwpfraic Attempt or Determined Fe
male* to Drop a Vote—XlcoMlcww Conduct
of Tammany (Innpcclor*—Vic. and Ten
ale Will Invoke the Law and .flake
Berne Howl.
From the New York Xleralil, Nov 8.
A now elKich is upon the unsophisticated
citizen of New York, Yesterday thirty-two
uuterritied, indomitable females attempted
to vote, but were refused the privilege by
migaUaut Tammany Democrats. Leading
this formidable election innovation was the
intellectual 3lra. Victoria (J. Woodbnll. sup
ported by the piquant Miss Tcuuic C. Claliin.
who advanced on the universal sullrage ques
tion with the solidity of a Grecian phalanx
and the tread of a Roman legion. The line
of battle was formed at the headquarters of i
women's rights, in Thirty-eighth street, i
where a solemn vow was registered.'
and eaeli determined unsheathed i
her parasol and swore to vote in spile of Deni- 1
erratic denunciations and Republican sneers. I
The elegant drawing-room «t Mrs. Woodhull I
at half-past-’yesterday afternoon presented i
an animated appearance. A dozen intcllec- I
tual ladies had there congregated, and. to I he I
accompaniment of rustling silks, hashed
words of wisdom from fluent lips. Nervous I
hut lily-white hands impatiently turned the
leaves of ponderous volumes, and in a flush
of conscious pride the irresistible Tannic read
the following Fourteenth and Fifteenth
amendments; “All persons born or natural
ized in the United States and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United
States aud of the State wherein thev reside.
Ao.State shall make or enforce anv law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities ot
citizens of the United States. The right of
citizens of the United States to vole shall
not be denied or abridged by the United
.States,or by any State, «m account of race.
1 color, or previous condition of servitude.”
The assembly thus satisfied themselves
that the law was ou their side, and emitideut
in their right, sullied forth and swept down
ou the astonished inspectors, who were imme
diately overwhelmed by a Hood of legal lore
aud argument that would have convinced
any but an uuterritied Democrat. The com
pany on leaving the mansion threw out a
skirmish line, but the Held otUcers—Mrs.
Woodhull, Miss Claliin, and Mrs. K. L. Dan
iels—deployed on No. Sixth avenue, the
polling place of the Twenty-third District of
the Twenty first Ward. Accompanying
them as camp-followers were several gentle
men who have earned a wide notoriety by
the interest taken in Ahe woman's rights
movement. Behind the ballot box sat three
vigilant inspectors, aud when the beautiful
would-be voters burst ou their astonished
gaze beards were stroked aud coat collars set
m order. The usual preliminaries ou the
weather and other inconsequential subjects
were entirely omitted, and Mrs. Wood
hull, in the softest accents of wo
manly determination, stated that
Mhohadcometheretoexerei.se her privilege
as a citizen of the United States to vote. The
Republican inspector held out his hand to
take the bundle of reform tickets handed bv
the fair voter, but his Democratic eoa/hre*
objected, and told licrplnmjdy that Tamma
ny Hall had given them orders not to receive
the votes of women. Indignation then
sparkled from bright eyes, and the fair lady
demanded if it wji*» a crime to bo a woman.
She had registered, and was. therefore,
amenable to the law prohibiting illegal
voting, but. as nobody had ai rested her, slu
was not guilty of u misdemeanor, and, there
fore, claimed the right to deposit her vote.
The inspectors, however, were inexorable,
ami her persuasive eloquence fell ou miap
preahitive ears. A crowd, however, soon col
lected. and the little polling place was
jammed by a couple of hundred quidnuncs
who came to seo how the “new thing was
going to work.” One sympathetic gentle
man from Murray Hill lent the sisterhood
much moral support by his advocacy of
1 woman's right to vote, i
“I have a wife and family.” he said, “and I
if I should be suddenly taken away my prop-;
ertv would be swept off by corrupt ollleiuls.
and they would have no power to stem the
tide of political dishonesty.’* He wanted to
sre woman boldly enter the arena and bring
the refining influence of her sex to bear on
the political world. W'lpit may appear ab
surd to-day may assume a serious aspect to
morrow: ami the party espousing this wo
man question will be the dominant one in
the hereafter. Mrs. W-odhnll then delivered
a longpeoratioii on the science of govern
ment, aud Miss Tenitie U. Claliin predicted
that Republicanism would be the guiding
star of progress, ns if had espoused woman's
rights aud was willing to allow the fair
sex all the privileges accorded to man.
The inspector wanted to know if she had
come with a mainhitnu* compelling him
to receive her vote, and receiving a negative
reply regretted that he was acting under in
structions and could not receive it under any
consideration. The ladies then withdrew anil
retired to the mansion iiiTbirfy-eighthstreet.
where It w;»s determined to commence a suit
against the inspectors for illegally preventing
legitimate voters from exercising the rights
of suffrage. Judge Reyniert and Mr. William
M. Kvarls are to bo engaged as counsel, and
this is to be made a famous test question.
The ladies arc confident that the right grant
ed in Wyoming Territory, aud recently in
Michigan, will he accorded in Ibis State. A
great deal of enthusiasm and excitement are
agitating the minds of these petticoat politi
cians, and the fair candidate fur flu* Presi
dency is indefatigablu in keeping the next
live Issue before the public eye.
NEW BEDFORD’S CALAMITY.
The br (hr Disaster to the Arctic
Wimlins Fleet*
From the New Bddfonl (Mas#.) Standard.
New Bedford is suddenly called on i« take
her part in tbe general disaster* of this un
precedented season of calamity hy the loss or
abandonment of thirty-two (ihiity-thrce, in
cluding hark Oriole, before reported lost' out
of the deft of forty-one -whalers in the Arc
tic Ocean, our own port losing twenty-one
vessels, comprising one-eighth, and among
them the best portion of onr entire whaling
licet, the news of which fell like a thunder
stroke upon onr merchants and citizens last
evening. This is the severest blow which
has ever fallen upon our leading business.
Though many valuable lives and costly ves
sels ln»eo previously been lost in this'peril
ousoccupation, yet never’.before has there
been such a wholesale destruction. Our
best vessels and a very Jariv
amount of capital hate been swept
away in a single season, and it will take onr
city many years to recover from the effects
of this fearful disaster. None of those win*
venture on the seas are exposed to greater
perils than that adventurous class of whalers
who seek their prey within the limit* of the
Arctic Sea. Every season has witnessed the
loss of more or less vessels, and only bust
year the ships which remained late came
near being entirely lost. This year the ice
came down from the North so early and in
sneJi masses that the whole lies'l was envel
oped ami driven ashore*. It is a sincere mat
ter of congratulation that, so far a* reported,
no lives have been jo?t. Tina loss will fall
heavily upon our community, and its real ex
tent will not be apparent from tbo mere list
nf agents. a* the ownership of
the vessels lost is largely distrib
uted among those of moderate means.
Thouahlmany owners are insured, yet as
onr olhves are* mutual ones, thev will have to
bear their proportion «*t ih* falling
upon them. lint serious as this’dlsh.-ter is. it
will not bp a one. One compensat
ing rrteit will
vtCltVs o{ the stock of oil' and bQxut and the
vessel* Onr merchant* will display
their usual energy, find enterprise, and we
hope will move actively towards retrieving
the loss they have met with. There are over
thirty vessels lying at our wharves, which
can de fitted ont in lime for another season,
if they are rapidly made ready. The perils
of Arctic fishery have ice;? so great that it
ha* already Wnme a matte? ot Kpie'-ijs con
sideration whether if was prudent to Insure
vessel* entering ISphrinps Straits, and we
presume this calamity will lead to some ac
tion ojj i his subject.
Tin* «u«t» 5t the North saved by the stx
vessels which have graved at Honolulu only
foot* up the meagre amount of 2,4sT* barrels
whnJe ami J4O barrel* sperm oil. The sfoek
in first bauds lu the country on the Ist in
stant was only i 14,000 barrehs.held by compar
atively few houses, and afthoneh the wnce
will go up it will not help out Urni large |>«dy
of owners in the ships. The slock of whale
bop" pounds, in but few bands. 1 be
Commetcial Mutual Marine Insurance Com-
Ipany, of this city, states its losses to W in
gross (i. c., the face of the policies.)
Tim other offices decline to give any figures
in detail at present. Wo learn that the gross
amount of losses of tho Union Mutual Marine
Insurance Company is about $5(15,000, and of
the Ocean Mutual Insurance Company about
*173,000. The Union will be able to pay all
its losses and have SIOO,OOO surplus remaining
by calling in scrip, anil the Commercial has
surplus sufficient to meet its losses. The,
Ocean will be obliged to make an assessment
on its stock notes.
LAND TITLES.
an Tour Us.

AU persons owning HEAT, ESTATE in
Cook Cotmty should at once prepare to
PROVE THEIR TITLES. After an act
is passed providing for this, it will take
years FOE OUR COURTS TO COM
PLETE THE BUSINESS. Therefore
if you wish to save expense and delay,
hand in yonr abstracts, deeds, &a, at
once, as the business will be taken np in
regular order. First come first
Charges low.
min f. mm,
REAL ESTATE ATTORNEY,
No. 393 Wabash-av.,
IN BASEMENT.
SAFES!
MAGNEALE& URBAN’S.
J. M. TERWILLIGER, Agent,
27 South Canal-st., and 51 West
Lake-st., Chicago, XU.
'Hirst* Safi.-s have proved thenueves tmo Salaman
ders, Call at our office and see the certificates of merit
from many of the best firms la the city.
"We have a largo lot of safes on hand, and more to ar
rive inrtnwmtely. If you consider your own interests,
you will call and see ns before purchasing any other
kind of Safe thou those of the above make.
SAFES.
MARVIN CO.,
No. 17 South Canal at..
Arerfrelrlnffa full line ;of their celebrated Alam and
Dry 1 U*l»r Fire-Proof f-uf-a. Burglar Safus, Plate
bales, vault Door*. V.xpre** I‘nxea, ac.. Ac.
Tho BEaT j*.\FKs ever offered to the people of Chicago.
1 all and ai-c them )>cfore yoo bay.
No. IT S*ulh Canal at... Chicago.
N». Broadway, New York,
No. 72 U heatnut at., Philadelphia.
No. 93 Main at., Buffalo,
No. UM Bank at.. Cleveland.
BLANK BOOKS.
CIMBMEW.
JIAMTAtTCHBBS’ STATIOXEHS,
Nos. 11, 13 15 Desplaines-st.,
Can note tupply promptly a full tttior/mruf
of Mutrrual Rerranr Boekt for
Distillers,
Rectifiers,
Brewers,
Tobacco Dealers,
Tobacco ManuTrs.
EDUCATIONAL.
Bryant Stratton’s
CHICAGO
BUSINESS COLLEGE
This popular Institution, after a suspension of a few
days, hj* reason of the great tire. Is now in full opera
tion. corner Tweuty-seoond-aL and Indlana-ar., with
Its tuU corps of teacher*, nad ample accommodatlona.
Now students are cutortng tlallv. An abundauco of
«n*nd boanllng idacos at former price*.
Tin* $75 schoiarslilp. for entire course, tlrao unlim
ited, will be sold during November and December for
JM.
Most of tlio railroads entering Cliicago have depots
on Twenty-socond-Ht.. not far from U»* collect*.
Hoarding places furnlfthtil at the college nfflcA
For further tnfomiatloa call upon oradilreas BRY
ANT STRATTON, corner Twenty-aecond-at. and
Indiana-av.
Dykrenfurth College
Is in full fore**, with Ita entire corps of professors, at
AURORA TURNER HALL, corner Milwaukeo-av.
and Second-*!, Prices considerably rctluccd. Admis
Mou to Boys’ School, High School, or Indies' Semi
nary, s2sper lialf year; Business College, complete
course cf five months. Evening College, S2O per
half year. The superiority of this institution has been
acknowledged during the last fourteen years.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CIRCUIT COURT OP COOK COUNTV.
IX CIIAXCERY.-Tho Peopled tbo suite of lUlaolt
vs. Tbo Chicago Firemen's Insurance Company, of
Chicago, Illinois.
Xotice is hereby given that, by an ntcrlocutory do'
iw entered by the Circuit Court of Cook County,
state of Illinois, in the above entitled cause, the an
ilt rxlgned was appointed Receiver of a all and singulai
the property and assets of the Chicago Firemen's In
surance Company, of Chicago.
All persona Indebted to said Insurance Company are
rcnilml to render an arconut of ail debut and sums of
money owing by them to said comjany, and to pay the
same on or before the sth day of December, A- D. isTT,
at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the office of said Receiver, Room
2, Xo. ISI West MadUon-sU. cor. lloMed-
All persons having in their possession or under theli
control any property or effect* belonging to said Com
pany are required to deliver the tame to said Receiver
at his said office, on or before the day above named.
All creditor* of Mid Company, Including policy-bold
era who hare sustained lom, who hare not heretofore
furnished the necessary preliminary proof* thereof to
said Company, arc required to present their demand*
at hts saw office on or before the day above named.
Dated Chicago, Nor, 10.15/1.
O. H. HORTON, Deceiver.
Tloyr.c. «fe noyne. Solicitors. ar MJcMpaoav.
ahzxinert.
MILLINERY.
HOPSON CO.,
SOO MICHIG-AN-AV.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
To all whom it may concern: otice 15 hereby gives
Uiat the partnership heretofore existing between S. L.
h and E. J. Heron, the undersigned, la the
comnuvjyn business. nnder the hrm name of Under
wood A Heron. U Uus Uay dissolved by mutual eoa
seht. and the undersigned will la no way rasnonsl.
ble for any future traiisactiuns made in said linn natal.
Chicago, Xov. 10.1*71. n J. BE RON.
DISSOLUTION'.
TJjc hervipf, ro existing under the Arm
nnmoot 1 jumjl. Want* Comings. i 3 till* <Uy dissolved
hr mutual comnint. bowl* comoti aud B. P. Ward or»
alone authorized to sign in liquidation.
1- COUNT.IX,
p ft WAUTI
Chicago, lIL, Nor. 10,157 L j, h.* COMXTtbs.
CHICAGO, SUNDAY. NOYEMBEE 12, 1871.
will, on THURSDAY’, NOV. 8, occupy the temporary
offlco erected tor It* use on Washlngton-st. nearly on.
old Bank building; It la confidently hoped
tost this location, accessible hr street cats and otunl
do* “fie* from all part* of the city, will so meet the want*
of all our mends os to render branch offices nnnafpn.
sary. oox w
IE li Bum HITS
were uninjured In the late fire, and, with the Kroner
guard kept over them night and day, give a gnaranteo
of safety not generally found in the city at the present
tune. Our depositor* who bare valuable paper*, etc
can arrange with us for their aafo keeping, if they so
desire.
Uiion fusiiraiice aafl Trast Co.,
Located at 37 West Madison-st.,
under the Sherman House, are paying their Depositors
IN.ITJLU
Liberal advances made on cou-
8. W. RAWSON, President,
J. 11. PBABSOX. Vice President
_ W.B. HOSWElL,Cashier.
Directors—W. Jv. McAllister, s. W. Rawwon. Jam os
ward. John Buehler, K. i\ Puhtifer, J. w, Pearson.
James Lonalev.
FI National Bank
Will build immediately on
the northwest corner of Mad
ison-st. and Fifth-av., and
expect to occunv their new
huilding by December 1,1871.
0. B. SAWYER, Pres..
H. LTTDIHGTOII, Tice Pres.
ISAAC G, LOMBARD, Gash.
Chicago, Oct, 3S, |s)7l.
SATES-
THE EEAL ESTATE LOA£
TRUST GO.,
BANKERS,
AND
Dealers in Foreign and Domestic EiohanP
HAVE RESUMED BUSINESS
AT 685 WABASH-AV.,
Near Fourteenth st.,
and are prepared to pay all demands In foil. Deprs—
received, and «nr regular banking butinesa transact
*9 tiaoai.
For the accommodation of our Wml Side friends v
cuaionie-ra, weah.ilopen an office In a frw days loti---
W'l of ili- c.r.. DRWJ. LBUBABO, Pmid.n
--b. A. BUltiGj, Vice Prealcent.
THE
Merchants’ National
Bank of Chicago,
Y T o. 335 Mlcliigan-av.
BRANCH OFFICE,
30 32 S. Canal-st.
THE
STATE SAVINGS INSTITUTION
Baa a temporary office at
NO. SSO WABASU-AT,,
And will remove last of November to new blot t cs
•nc built on MndJtonit., between Market at.ao'***-
river, where they will b* located until they can er
PIBB-PROOF BANK BUILDING on the old rite.
H3 LaSalle at.
LAZARUS SILVERMAN &CO,
BANKERS,
562 ‘W'aTDash.-av.,
lontinue their business as usual* All de
osits payable on demand,
LAZ. SILVEBMAK 00.
EDWARD HAIGHT CO.
BANKERS,
IVo, 9 Wall Street, New York.
FIVE PEK CERT. Interest Allowed on
Deposits.
TJic hm«lnc.<» of our firm U tlie aamc aa any State or
National Hank.
individuals or firms banking with us mar deposit
aud draw as they pleai-e. thu name na with any B>nk.
xceptthat wo allow Interest on all balances (of five
per cent.)
We buy and sell Bonds, Stock*. Gold, Bos lues* pa.
pen*, and collect buslnres notes and drafU UiroUghoui
the I’ultod Stales. Rivlug prompt returns.
n«T-»*«»amed ba-in-'M at No. 23 Michigan ar., an*.
pr-p.MC-d to met>t all demands In tall. Deposits
■ud our regular banking boiiuess transacted as viCU*.
Acceants of merchants and country banker* wilt
<p?ci»l attention. i\>r the accommodation of our *v—
ills friends and customers wo hare opened tbiasr
offi!•* at No. 10 Canal at., jost north of lUndotpb.
ICRLBUT EDSAIL.
Wholesale Druggists,
"We now have our usual com
plete stock of Drugs, Druggists’
Glassware, Paints, Oils, Dye
Stufis, Patent Medicines, Soap
makers’ Stock, etc., and can now
fill all orders in our line at the
lowest possible prices.
NOTICE.
Fending the completion of ita repairs, the
First National Bank
SAMUEL JT. NICKERSON, Prts't.
1.. 1. GAGE, buUtr.
Savings Bank.
THE
mcrcial accounts.
CVSUNIAiV HAKWI.V
BANKERS,
DRUGGISTS.
619 State-st.
CLOTHING.
HENRY W. KING CO.,
ARE NOW LOCATED AT
34 3(i S. Canal-st.,
Where they are prepared to show a fall lino of
CLOTHING,
-Ajs-T)
Furnishing: Goods.
Orders solicited and promptly filled.
STOVES.
THE
EMPIRE
GAS BUBiVER
Stoves and Furnaces,
Toffethrr m fnlf fine Cook Bt*rn.
are tald near, hefmrr tkr re, at
LEATESTTOBTH’S,
218 Wert lakwt
INSURANCE.
"Tie Hnt i lie Hell!"
THE
HOME
Insurance Company,
OF COLUMBUS, OHIO.
Cash Capital, $500,600.00
Assets, Nov. 1, 1871, 995,179.12
Liabilities, including Chi
cago Losses, 353,179.12
Waa the first Company to notify Policy
h.ciders in Chicago that it would pay
clfli'ma In fuIL
The losses of the Company hy the Chi
cago fire are being adjusted and paid as
rapidly as possible.
Business solicited at fair rates. Adjust
ing Office for Chicago,
17 £ldridge*conrt.
Agents of the Company visiting the
city are requested to
JACOB PEETREY, Genl Agent.
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.,
LOCAL AGENTS,
lO Eldrldge*conrt.
-3ETNA
INSURANCE CO.,
Of Hartford, Conn.
Organized A. D, 1819.
tossci Paid In Flfty-hro Tears, Over »29,-
000,000 —Exc of Late Chi
cago Loner.
CASH CAPITAL, $3,000,001
With an Ample Be-lnsnranee Food to be kept
Intact alter Faying Chicago Lessee.
ASSETS OYER $4,500,000!
This veil-known and reliable Company,
which has stood Che tests of over half a cen
tury, will continue Issuing SEW POLICIES
and relieving old ones at current rates.
GOODWIN PASCO, Agents,
Office,sßsWabash-aTo 43Sooth Canal-st*
Adjusting Office: 750 Waba«b-ar.. where over $500,000
losse* Ur the late fire have already been paid.
Underwriters’ Agency,
OF NEW YORK.
Cash Itself, ifler paying Chicago Loiici,
$2,500,000.
We are paying losses In fan as fast as ad-
Dsled, by Sight Drafts on Sew York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Canal-st.,
SECOND FLOOR.
FIRE INSURANCE
Risks written on Dwellings and other prop*
erty, at the Local Qffiees>
62 South Canal-st., Sri floor,
and 475 IWi&asA-av.
a. SUM i SMI,
AGENTS,
YONKERS NEW YORK
Insurance Company.
AU persons who have not presented their einima and
proofs of loss Khould do so at once, and all policies out
otandlng should be presented for cancellation, and prop
ertw Ituored In solvent Companies.
1h» Company has been obliged to retire from the
field, and has gone into the hands of a Receiver.
No compromise has bevo proposed, and ail its asset*
will be faithfully applied to a settlement of the Com
pany's obligations. Claimant* con facilitate matters
by handing lu tiu-lr claims at onro to A. WILLIAMS,
A<D'ister fur tho Recelvor, 10G6 lndlana-av.
Important!
The Policy-holders of the PACIFIC
INSURANCE COMPANY of San. Fran
cisco, who have not handed in their proofs
of loss, will please present them AT
ONCE, and thus facilitate the early ad*
justment of all claims.
nrrcm.TS a RAISTO.T, General Agcnlt,
472 Wabash-sv.
Pacific Insurance Co* of San
Francisco.
CASH CAPITA* tl.peo.wo COLD. RJska taken at
fair rates. Looses omptir adjusted and paid,
Western Branch I Xce, Wabash avenue.
Hutchins Alt jlsto.- General Agents. Stiller A Drew,
471 Wabnsh-av. 1-oc* >C*nt* lot Chlearrv.
American Exchange and Commerce Fire In*
soraote Companies, of ffev Torfc.
All persons having’ Policies on which they hart
claim* for lo*s will pre.sont their proofs Immediately:
and all having Poucloa la the Companies on which
there has been no loss will bring them in for
tlon. J. K. SIUIIPHY. Adjuster,
Nov. 10, ifiTL 77 West MadisoMt.. Boom 1
Adjiutinp om« Republic Insurance Company,
Chicago, SOS Wabwh-ar.
All person* having claims against this Company are
requested to make regular proof of loan, and file them
at once. ArTangpraeMts have lx«ca mad© to adjust their
claims with all possible dispatch la Che order in which
hey are tiled.
NORTH ANIERICAN'FIRE INS. CQ.
Parties holding claims for loss or damages by the
late are. under policies of this company; will please
Eneaent their ptoofa of logs at the office ofGeO. C.
larke, Esq., hr the 2Wh next.
WYLUS BLACKESTONE,
Receiver.
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
LOCATED
Corner Clark and Polk-sts.
Containing 150 Rooms, The largest and
Best Famished Hotel in the West
H. 1. LOBHC, Lais Baileisn Boom,
SfILUS HOWE, Late St.'laimci Bath,
wm he pleased to see their old friends. Ask for
•Bosses for the NEW ST. JAMES.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodations for tbs fan sad wfsier at very mod
erate prices. Inquire at Birerstd Hotel, oi at theo*.
Ace of the Bireciide Imj roremenl Oompsny,
7f>« Wa BASHrAV.
SEWtNQ MACHINES!
GROVER IJAKEH
mm machise wi,
06 WEST RANDOLPH-ST n
(Comer of Jefftanon.)
Better prepared for bostoesa than ever before. Salle
ers by ue fire libenlly dealt wuh.
BUSINESS CARDS,
M ARKLEY, AILING CO.
niESUIUH.
825 AND 327 STATE-ST.
We are now opening a new and
stock of AMERICAS, ENG
LISH AND GERMAN HARDWARE, to
which we would invite the attention
of the trade. JVe keep as good goods
and make as low prices as any house
m Chicago. Orders solicited, partic
ularly from our old friends.
MARKLEV, ALLIN’G Si CO.
BARNUM BROS.,
IMPORTERS
Toys and Fancy Goods,
Oor. Michlgua-av. and Van Baren-at,,
Hare resumed business for the fourth time la this
city. We are thankful that we still hare courage, and
undoubted confidence In the upbuilding and success of
Chicago. W» are ready for husinoss with quite a com
plete stock, which wo propose to soli at old prices, and
respectfully solicit tout orders and remittances.
Millard Decker,
Stationers, Printers, Lithographers,
And Blank Book Manufacturers,
Temporary Office and Store,
(20 WEST WASHINCTON-ST.,
Manufactory and Works,
CORNER WOOD AND TYLER-STS.,
:CMUC\IGO.
PHOENIX
Coffee and Spice Mills,
MOM, (101ES k c§„
14, 16, AND 18 RIVER-ST.
Teas, Coffees, Spices, and Gro
cers* Sundries.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TYLER,
260 State-st., late 41 State.
A foil stock ornuaeell A Erwin aifg. Co. LOCK and
KNOB now open.
AGENT LA BELLE NAILS.
Northwestern Typo Foundry,
MILWAUKEE.
Thfa foundry baa now on hand fifteen ton* of English
vnd German type- It consists of all alrea. from non
pareil to pica. A half dozen dre.-aca for larire -Ir.-il papers
San be (urutahed at one*-, with rnl<**, «tr to
•natch. The Milwaukee Sentinel, NVwm, and Vindicator
ere referred to as tampL-s of the typo mannfartnred at
this foundry. Fur beauty of faco and finish, as well a*
toughness of moUt, tho try** tua at thli foundry will
compare favorably wlih the typo sold trany other foun
dry In th* world. 1 havu also several first-class prea«es
indiohbera for aalo. J. A. NOONAN
BOTA flm-clasa electrotype foundry la attached to the
typo foundry.
October 22, 1871.
TO DRUGGISTS ill DM,
oru STOCK OF
Dye Woods and Dye Stulfs
hi now as largo as ever, nt no advance upon old prices.
Logwood, Fustic, cochineal, 1U Carbonate, etc.; also a
superb stock of Anilines. Our stock of Manufacturers'
Supplies w rapidly recuperating, and wo shall bo able
soon to supply our usual orders.
ENOS RUOW.V dt CO., 58 South Canal-st.
Harman Jacobie,
ALBANY, N.Y.,
Propria lore of JACOBIF.'S PATENT BUICK ill
CHINE.
We are prepared to fill orders at once fbrthlv mi.
:hlae. Tboae are Invited tocallutthe tftil
rare Tribone Office and ’xanilnecnta of the machine:
dao, theendor-ement* nt rhe leadluq brick makers of
Albany and Troy. Tills machine is cnuitracted for
iteam or water power; will make to.fr»- to 50,u» brick
of anpenor Quality in ten honra, Otrculare and 101 l In
formation given.
Write BAUMAN A JACOBIE,
Albany, N. T
«F. It. HOBBS O' CO,
Produce and Commission Merchants,
ESTABLISHED 1557.
Wo are prepared to make advances on consignments
of sour and grain. Grain bought and sold on margtna
Office 58 South Canal-st.
J. M, Stine, Kramer Co.,
Announce to their friend* and tho traJo geucrally that
they have temporarily located at
M 9 STATE STREET,
Near Harmon Court, where they will oyea la a tew
J»ya, a finb and desirable ftock of
Notion*. Uoaiery, (»nM fr'arntahlns Good*,
etc,
st popular prices. Orders iolieltwl and promptly at
leiiiird to.
BRICK AND STONE
OX.D ASO HEW
BOUGHT FOR CASH, BY
LYiBAIt, BRIDGES CO.,
Dealer in sit kinds of Bunding Materials and Beady,
mad* Bodies, corn-r Carrell nr.d S vncamon-sts,
MAGILIi HAI>L,
DEALERS IN
SALT.
Office and dock sooth we.*t ci>r. Market A Washington.its
CLEVELAOTJ &PEBNCH,
Landscape Architects, Civil Engineers,
Surveyors,
301 WABASH-AV.
SURVEYOR.
SASIT. S. GREELEY, 364 Wabash-av.,
sonthwut corner of Harrison, iu kitchen.
Will. BLAIR CO.,
Sos. 30 and 32 South Canal-st.
Are receiving, at their NEW store, a full stock of
Hardware. Tin rutty and Tinners' Stock.
J. 3IASOJV PARKER,
Negotiator of Chicago Mortgages and Real Estate,
No. 3 Boston Post Building, Boston. Refers to Hon.
Jaa. P. Joy. lion. llogh T. Dicker, Hon. Mark Skinner.
Window Gloss.
D. e. SCIIASCK A SDK* 8,
ImrvTtcn of
Plate and Window Gl «ee,‘47 Chaab tt.,
X»w York.
C. Dahlgrcu’s
NORTHWESTERN STEAM DTE WORKS,
130 West Randolph st.
All kinds of ladies* and gents’ garments cleaned or
dyed in the finest style at former prices.
TILUNGHAST, ALLEN CO..
WOOL, GRASS SEEDS, &e..
Office and warwhmise opjHisite
308 MICHICAN-AV., CHICAGO.
Liberal advance© on consignments.
Boots and Shoes.
J T, JEWETT,
1001 State it.
I bare opened tar boiioeu at the shore number,
wtiare v hate theiacllitire to meet the wants ol mv
aril?** roo ,a ae tbog© who aar fever tue
H. W. Rogers, Jr., Bro.,
PRODUCE. COMMISSION AND
SEED MERCHANTS,
m U'Mt R*ndnleh.*t.
Dr. H, E. W, BQARDMAN,
■Residence and OOUf 799 TT'aieiik^ir.
Office hours nntli IF3O a. m., Z3O to 3:30 p. m. West
Side Office, ST4 West Madison.st-; office boars, IS to 1
p. tn.
REOPENING.
FRANK A CO. have reopened at 46 and 43 West
Lake-st. a few doom west or Canol-Kt.. with a large
stock of NOTIONS. FANCY AND WOOLLEN
GOODS. Oar nazneroaa irienda &nd patrons will
please call on ns.
Clita. R. Slessloger*
'Successor to Broaaon' k Mesiloeer. mannfactom and
wboleuls dealer in Tobacco, Snuff./and CigiS in# iSI
and Ufl Summit-«L, Toledo, O. brdK* m
NUMBER 97,
BUSINESS CARDS.
J.B. HOBBS &CO. r
Commission Merchant#*
(ESTABUSItED 1357.)
Receiver! of Standard Brands of Spring and
"Winter Wheat, Floors,
CSKATN -AJSTJA PROVISIONS.
•Mrearn m-Jr an Vomiifr-mrml,.
Crain Bought and Sold on Margins.
OFFICE, S3 SOUTH CAXAL-ST.
ESTABLISHED IN 183T,
RUMSBY, BED. CO.,
Commission Merchants,
43 W fit
are prepared to advance as usual on Grain. Pmvißion*
etc., to hold on margins in tills market or for ahlnm«f?
Eaqt, ami will attend to all branches of tha
with the same liberality and hewStoS"
28 and 30 Sixteenth-st.
HMT BROTHERS.
Wholesale Shirts,
m fVnifTtf ef'?? ul^iinß Good*, bejr to announce to their
resumed their business at K<U.
pletustocka^
Chicago Terra Cotta Co.
Arc bow ready to fill all order* of any alze for
Window and Door Caps,
Bell Courses, Cornices,
Brackets, Chimney Tops, 4c.,
»SiiSSSS.S 1
A. C, KELLOGG COi,
Steam Job Printers,
45 West Washington-st.,
AND
46 South Desplaines-st.,
Prepare* la Fill nil Order, Pramptlp
(•/St -f.VD SBB tTB,
SALT! CEMENT!
FIJI.I. STOCKS OJV HAW),
Orders HUed promptly.
BASKIN, MARTIN WHEELER,
Office at
108 EAST MONKOE-ST., CHICAGO.
IIKOWN BROTHERS,
330 Eait SXonroe street)
(OLD PLACE),
MANUFACTURERS OP
Hy&tt’a Patent Sidewalk lights,
AND HUNTS CELEBRATED
Dakota Soft Coal Stoves,
Hay be found at the old quarters, as above, ready
(or orders.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineer* and Contractors,
99 S. Clin ton-st,, Chicago,
Contracts for railroad, dock and bridge boll ding.
nsm. MBi to.
Commission Merchants,
22 North Ca.na.l-st.,
hare unsurpassed facilities for handling Produce, and
giro special attention to the sale o{ Green and Dried
Fruits, Feeds, Doans. Duller, Cheese, Eggs, Tallow,
Lard. Dressed Hogs, Dressed Poultry, etc. Liberal
drafts allowed on consignments.
SHUFELDT BALL,
LAWYERS, 319 WEST 3IADISOX-ST,
Collect Insurance losses, and pay cash tor claim*
against nomo of Uto Chicago compflnles.l
THICK
PAPER HANGINGS.
Jnsttho thing to keep out tlio wind and cold from
board offices. ALEX. DRAKE, 17s West Madlson-«t
FPXJjER, WARREN CO.,
Office; North Pier, near Light Ilonse.
Full assortment Stewart's Stoves, Lawson Furnaces,
warren Kangra, Tho only wholesale store ware
house left by the great tiro, with the largest and moat
complete stock in the West.
DR. MARGUERAT.
100 Third-av« t cor. Harrisou-st
Eagle Iron foundry,
(Established In tSlft.)
Samuel Ox*cstrell, jp M
31?. 6H. 816 and 513 Pace it.
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs. Girder*. Lintels, Calamus. etc..
<*tc. Ltcht and heavy Water Pipes, Sinks, etc. Ftr*
Doors. M*r«. and bakers* Urea Castings, etc. Odd cast
inga of all descriptions.
GEO. H. FROST,
City Surveyor and Draughtsman,
500 Wabash-av., Basement.
Parker, Leix a Co.,
Corner Defplalne* and Carroll ata.
Successor* to 8. Parker, irfi Washington it.. Con
tractor! aod Dealer* InKallrond supplies.
GENERAL NOTICES.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
American Merchants’ Union Kxpr«w» Company.)
Aaa't-Gcn’L Sup't*. Office, Northwestern Dlvinlon, J
Chicago, Nov. 2, 137 L
TheAtncrlpnn Mercfanntn* Union Kxprem Com
par win, on hatunUy morning. Nov. 4, remove their
General Office fn>ra Tweuly.aocimd-fiL, corner In
difliuav.. to SJ3 aba-dinv., corn it Uarmon court
UavpaVsoopcnwUiH'mauent office for the accom
modaUon of onr U e»>t ijlda patrons at 219 West Hon
dolph st, corner of Hrcen st; alio freight receiving
offict-H at our freight depots, foot of Twenty-seconds*
(M. L. It It-), olid No, 80 Weat Waler-af., opposite
Milwaukee Depot At Twenty-sccoml-st. Depot
freight can be deUverwl going to point* »>n the Michi
gan t entrui, Illluoh* Central, Chicago, Burlington
Quincy, and connectlnc lines. At No. oo West Watcp
at for point* on C. <t X. W. R it tranche* and con
necting linos: alio Greet Eastern Kallroacl, and Oil
cagodfljamiUo. CHAs. Fargo,
0. W. BarbETT. Agent Aag't-Oca'L t#opt
Convict Labor to Let,
The undersigned, Commissioner! cf the Illinois Sl».
Penitentiary, hereby offer the labor of from fifty (50
one hundred OWI convict*, and sol.cit bid* for
vamo. These men hare been variously er'"lnve't
waconmpking, •cksmllhleg, machine, and toon
work.
Contract* are lorcommecce after o,s bt.|« are
ceptfd, and to continue for a term of rears, mui-,!
upon, not to exceed eight years; .?ach hid lobe
companied Lx a good and enffieluol bond In the p**.
jota of At* thoneand dollar*, with tnretioe, tc
approved by uoe of the Cotnmfeelniiefe or the WarW
The Ccmmiulooera reserve (he right o reject «ay
which In tha judgment is not to the Interest o/.»
state.
For particular! we refer to our circulars, which r-..
l>e had on application to Elmer Washburn, Wardrr*
the Penitential?, to wheat nil bide an tube««Q*.i*
who will eniwcr au S Inquiries oddreieod to him.
The bids will be opened at o’clock p. a. on
.'lst day of h'oveiaber, 1371, la the Presence of t*>
bidden as map chw» to attend.
JOUS EEID.
Caspar butz,
RICHARD EOWETT.
OommUslonet*
Jotiwp. ill.. Oct. jh. mi.
City Fire Insurance Co., of Hartford, Conn.
Claimants holding policies of this Company will
please call immediately at Boom No. 9, isi West iTad
laon-st, Chicago, for adjustment.
S. FRENCH, General Agent.
DRUGS AND CHEMICALS.
mss. Pams. ram. etc.
Old) SALAMANDER!
tfV are lilting order* P£O.HP2>XF
mud at cur rSFrf£ £OIT PRICIfS.*
VAX SCHAACE. STEVEXBOX 2LEID.
SOAHES.
JR*' FA iSM KS
yjLL SGAIaXSS,
fJeSzsgßA* or All sites. 7
)SICZig3Sm Fairbanks, €reenleaf& Co,
U SOUTH CANAL-SX.
INSURANCE.
ciiim
HSURAACE COMP’Y
OF NEW YORK.
The following correspond
ence explains itsein
OFFICE OF COXTKtVTAI. iTOm ra*Tm
A o. wt linO-vmvrr. yoexT"' 1
October 25. IS7I. j
Hon. CEO. W. MILLER, Superintend
ent Insurance Department, State of
New York:
Dear Sir: The failure of many Insur
ance Companies by the Chicago fire,
after assurances had been given that
they were able to pay all demands, and
to pursue their business, has justified
an apprehension In the public mind,
and, perhaps, in your own, which it Is
importantshould be allayed.
We, therefore, so far as this Company
is concerned, request you, at your ear
liest convenience, to Investigate Its
affairs, and to ascertain Its position
and ability to fulfil existing obligations,
and all that may arise In the ordinary
course of its business.
Wo wish, also, to call your attention
to our Increase of capital, already
largely over-subscribed, and desire to
know when we can close the subscrip
tion books, and call In the money, un
der your construction of the statute.
Your prompt attention will be regard
ed as a favor.
Very respectfully,
CEO. T. HOPE,
President.
Insurance Department, State of
New York.
ALBAST, Nor. s, 1371.
At the request of the Continental In
surance Company of the City of New
York, I have taken the earliest oppor
tunity, since the adjournment of the
National Convention of Insurance
Commissioners to Investigate the af
fairs of the Company, and I find Its
condition to be as follows:
Its assets, amounting to $2,847,-
307.54, are judiciously and safely in
vested.
Its capital of five hundred thousand
dollars is unimpaired, and it has a sur
plus of net assets largely in excess of
the amount required to reinsure its
outstanding risks, after providing for
all other liabilities, including Chicago
losses.
Its losses sustained at Chicago are In
course of rapid adjustment, and leave
the Company with abundant ability to
afford indemnity to Its customers, and
to respond promptly to all customary
claims.
The subscriptlonsto Its voluntary ad
dition of five hundred thousand dollars
to its capital are much greater than
double the amount to which stock
holders are entitled, and the subscrip
tion books must yet remain open until
the 20th Inst., at which time the sub
scriptions may be made payable.
(Signed) CEO. W. MILLER,
Superintendent.
LOCAL OFFICE,
393 WABASH-AV.
Office of Western Department,
12 Eldridge court.
Solid Fire Insurance.
IMPERIAL
Fire Insurance Co.,
OF LONDON.
ASSETS OTEB
$3,000,000
GOLD.
Tills Is the only English Insurance
Company represented in Chicago whose
business is exclusively Eire Insurance.
Property-owners will consult their best
interests by protecting themselves with
Policies in the IMPERIAL,
DAVIS REQUA,
AGENTS,
Room 2, No. 43 South Ganal-st.,
505 Michigan-av.
PHENIX
Insurance Company
Of Brooklyn, N. 7,
Cash Assets, Oct. 1, $1,858,755.45
Net assets, afterpay
ment of Chicago losses 1,500,000.00
The Flicuix was the’ first Com
pany to pay a loss after the great
fire, and flic Adjusters of the Com
pany arc now engaged in pay
ing nil of Its losses as fast as ad
justed. Policies Issued on all
classes of hazards at fair rates.
R. S. CRITCHEIX,
Special Agwnt fop the Northwestern States.
Office 30 West Dladison-st.
Brandi Office, 38G TVabasb-av.
SECURITY
Insorance Coiepanj.
adjustment office,
608 WABASH-AV.
Parties haring claims against this Company will
please present the same for adjustment to Sfeasrs.
FERGUSON A GILBERT, at No. 608 Wahash'-ar.
T. E. STILLMAN, for Receiver.
REPUBLIC
Insurance Company,
Bipkeitprice pmid C»tSXM tor md/ntled
rimim*.
D. B.TBNNET.
454 ‘Wabaah-ar.
Adjusting Office People’s Insurance Co.,
of San Francisco^CaL,
IBS West Monroe-aL, Chicago. Parties holding polldee
covering on property In the burnt -district, either In
above company or tne Lamar, of Chicago, will please
present them at abive office, furadlnstmentof dolma.
A.R. gunnison.
Adjuster for i’ccpla'a iso. ox, el Ban rnscwo, 4