Si
[S*,.
MfSSS
if sr
Branch Office.
lfcrtTie accommodation of onr customer* la the
Sonth DJtls.ob of the city, a branch office of Tas Tar*
awn has bt-cn established at No. 4GO Wabash arcane,
tn the boobstore of Slows. Cobb, Andrews Co.,
where advertisements and subscriptions, and changes
I» the delivery ofTiiE Tnißrsncan be left np to 10
and will receive the game attention a* if left
■t the wain office.
To Advertisers.
We shall devote all tbo space wo can spare to td-
Tertisczßents. lAdvert’ucrs should Lear in mind
th*l the earlier in tbo day they brlnv u* what they
want,published, and the more it is condensed in
spate, the more certain It is to so jure insertion. In
order to induce the condcnsa'lon, wo shall, until
further notice, charge double a tics fok displayed
adt&Btisfuexts. On Bi-JU advertisements rates
will remain the same as before tbo fire. We only
desire to accommodate all. During the past week
waharo been compelled each day to leave ontfrora
lento twelve columns of important business an*
cotmeemcnis. If all bad been condensed we coald
have done much better. Wo are #uro that each ous
toner would rather havo bis cdrcrjiseoisot pub
lul&tl.liD some ihnpo than not at all. We adopt
tUlaralc a< tie only present means of icoooimodat
tatl&e public.
r.Mo.v xoanxATtoxH.
FUgf-Proof Ticket for Clly *utl County
f Officers,
i Jadt-' of i!;t* Surerior Coart—John A.Jamewn.
wUcc of :ht Circuit Court—S»mu-I W. Fuller.
Oouan ■J'«e*furcr—Julian 5. Ilnta*cy.
PcSie* Li'ir. nii^ina*-—Jacob R*hm.
,8(4(6 ivLator—Art?uias Caller.
j County Commissioners,
.••iJS. f. Mearn*. Mined TaJrott.
vtijiniau Wahl. Carter U. llarrUoa,
h JehnJonra, JoeopH Harris.
t Charhe Hitcbc.-cfe. Time. I.aner;*o,
r.C. Hk.lly. JuliuiiHWtf,
•J*hn frattf.ir*!, Jolm llertiur,
Valilm.’P, Athlon.
r Jofoph Bwlle.
j" if City Officers, x
M«<UU.
TcMtarer—l*. A.
t CdUeclov-O'rs" v “n Dolloo.
Altsfppv —larm»l N.Stilrt.
ntsrt Folic* Couti—c. ft. Matson.
Pfrgff
I*. T. Sherlock.
:j W. U. fiilckner.
J Aldermen,
Wants! War.li.
1. Chan are* T. Bowen. It. Henry Sweet.
2. Arthur Uixt-tj. 12. Moan* Iloath.
3. JCfaMo J. Warner. J3. Geo. W. Bberwuo>l.
SlcA>oy. It. Rent Cleveland.
5, JLB. Moae. li. J. Vant WouJ.
p- D. Konifick. lit- Tbns. Bloat.
I 7. WHUtm Qavleirh. 17. O. Mutaehlecboor.
I R. J.Odwtt. 18, Owoa McCarthy,
k f9. Janet
to. I u L. Bond. 3J. Lambert Tree.
TUB CITVELECTIOS.
The ticket placed before tho people of this
city and county by the joint action of the
coOUßittecs of the two parties, Is.the best,
taka&s a whole, that has ever been nomi
nated ia ibis city or county. In a list of IT
candidates it is a rare thing indeed to find
no one person who is incompetent for the
offlcOjEiamed, and whose personal character
and i&jleccdenis arc the subject of reproach.
In this case, V.y constant pruning, repeated
tiOß&aliftdon.s, a laborious ignoring of per-
rations for the benefit of the
public, a ticket has been completed that
iB commands the respect and con
fideoee of the whole people.
The.cau iJatcrfortbe Judgeships arc the
ifl. Uon.-Jobn A. Jameson, and the Hon, S. W.
j> h'allcr. .bulge Jameson has served six years
il upon the bem-h of the Superior Court, with
i creditjto himself, and has sustained the high
f P.cst character for Judicial integrity. Not ft
'wordpf (cmp’uint has ever been uttered
“V against him. He has been‘‘honest, faithful
>fl and cbtnprlf'Ut," and when thcscqualifications
are found in a judicial ofllocr, a change, Or
IB mere change .-nke, I-madness.
L*l Mr. jFullcr is the equal of the host lawyer
j at the|bar of Illinoi?. For many years he
was a*3eading member of the Slate Senate,
and sotne fifteen 3*enrS ago cimc to this city
I to reside. Sine that time he has closely ap-
plied -himself to the duties of his profession,
v His nu* ability, and high professional charac
jj ter hflTe wc-n for him the respect of the high
‘m i-st ConriF *f the land.
‘I Thcufihc of Oatinty Treasurer, hitherto rc.
:I fardedmrii h place for purposes of political
ocrraptjEori has notin this instance been classed
*1 11 partr.-spiiil; political hacks have been dis*
carded,feed cx-Mayor Ramsey,whoscpsrsonal
"I and cbabnfircinl character is second to that of
J.on mam La* been selected to hold thcpubli*
*jJ guilds during the next two years.
Jgcnh Rfthm has, against his wishes
V cd at,a-pcrsonal sacrifice, consented to serve
j j i Police *tid Fire Commissioner. A change
SyT i that Jjoar.l was imperatively necessary, and
Jew vigor will be given il by the change
Jffropoiod*
T j The Board of County Commissioners, fifteen
J ic number, have been admirably chosen*
**i\ Taken as a Vf-dy to whom arc to be instrusted
control of the interests of the county,
•they arc a vast improvement upon the old
*1 loUen and dishonest majority of the Board of
j Supervisors. In no respect have the people
I so mQch cause for congratulation as in the
I? f .ct that none of the evils of the old hoard
UveheCn perpetuated in the new. Every
n;an on the ticket is :i property-holder, every
,'C has’fl personal interest in the welfare of
r fiilcago, situl not one of them has been, hotv
.w t ver remotely, connected with any of the ras-
V|| calUicS' T ntid abomination:- of the past live
;-»'ats.
4 In the selection of candidates for city oHi
1 rs the conference has been equally success
or. Medill, who is named for Mayor,
needs no introduction f) the people of Chi
c-"goi and, if he did, it would notbc proper for
-j.’ (li to make it. B’e will merely fay that,
mt, he would not he induced to accept the
•V 'C. pontuhtliUfs an 1 sacrifices involved in
V duties oft}:.? o!n *e ot Maj’Or.
S‘i If elected, howuv«T. he will it'Co the same
i| J ;itgel%a«d idose attention t,* the alT.iirs of
..bo he I.a, li.*r t given to the
litV.
tJ (l lmpresH«'H> of ih- <*h ma-vr of oommuni
i\. are,/rti|*ii mh V.. -A uj. m j-trikuig inct
j iii Sift' lK* r U'. lf. r.ll parts of the
[Uniitcd^- li a> a remarkable
H ;,:nJ oiSclal recti
ij do t£ai !'ie V. y i‘iv.ii;r,T of Chicago,
rviDft-rii rrally vltioat voluntarily
S irrticdjjvi rtlif |**i h-, treasury llic lar,;s
J This item in
a-..r onnmipitl l;t>;«»ry I* recorded to our
j-nUt on :’.c lu-'.K-<»J *wry b.uiker iu Am
i.rica- ami ivurojic. It wo«M have boon a
j public wi-f-'iUiug iiu i there been any prop*
!<j. uvitlob r.l !.i J j ine’.ir.v to di.-ru ias 3lr. Gage,
;i «tl,lo «tiU‘J;*,uio any other person. Neither
ffi; personal calumny nor political hate has ns*
-aile(l him in hi* office, and h;> election by
T «.n Tttßaji'm.ou' vole will be nol only an act of
■s' iiist&c to :i public ofliccr, bu*. ancnconragc-
JB,9| r.ieafto men of charatUT and integrity in
the jjxUir service.
flcpcral Stiles, the present City Attorney,
p tas-bven juslJv cboseu for re-election, and Mr.
Vijii llollen,a German citizen of un-
integrity, and of personal abil*
»Tilv, baa been nominated for City Collector.
\t ftPcrbai •s ttie most important class, in one j
(reuse. ofnjliccrs to be elected arc the Aider
men,— tbc men who have the legislative
authority to levy taxes and disburse the rev
enue. Tl.c whole board consists of forty
M members <*f whom twenty arc to be elected
V this year. The majority of the present board
,V has proved its own dishonesty and corruption
J* teO«flen to leave any doubt as toitscharaC
r* tcr.*j|o»ere U no controversy on that point.
f' E i nht'.dy, a number of these
c&rtjß* men hold over, but, a
c ufl3Sf <*f honest men also hold over.
J fh«»Bc<. lion of twenty honest men at this
-jV: tlacSm not only redeem the character
■l‘i 0 f 03B& u^il; but, by transferring control
fvl fr<>wß- di ho'est, will leave the latter ia the
>ig tntetMv. Messrs. Dixon, in the Sacond
B Mr. McAvoy, in the Fourth Ward,
i cj| of honest repute, arc tho only
or the present Council nominated
.I^T r teßp.ai.)ii. Every man of the infamous
.I ’M c lg6j|in term expired, is a candidate
Jr fjrjnPfclcclion on the opposition ticket, and
have ail been unanimously repudiated
t by holh parties. Let that repudiation bias
f, universal it the polls.
k -The Spriiigficld (Mass.) Republican ills
clnboralely tho rapid change of opin
-3i io° :u Fnglaml upon the subject of a
TOLUME 25,
protective tariff. The tariff has become
most oppressive upon many of the once
flourishing and. profitable manufacturing
interests of that section. The shipbuilders
have been taxed out of business the shoe
makers arc advancing backward, not only in
profits but «i the amount of theirproduclion
the woollen manufacturers arc mined, and
from all classes there is a general resistance
to the tux on coal. Public opinion is rapidly
reaching the conclusion that a system which
thus oppresses one section of the country
must needs be equally oppressive in other
respects upon other people, and public men
a e as ing whether it would not bo better
to haro a general deliverance and a fresh
start, without any discrimination, for or
against any interest or section.
THE BmCHLAI'LRS.
There was some talk, yesterday and tho
day before, of a strike for higher wages among
the bricklayers, but no action in that di
rection was taken by the men employed in
that important trade. A strike among the
masons would of course suspend all work in
the burnt district, except tho mere clearing
up of rubbish, find would throw out of em
ployment not only the bricklayers themselves
but the carpenters, [stone cutters, furniture
makers, gas fitters, plumbers, iron workers,
roofers, machinists, blacksmiths, locksmiths,
tin smiths, glaziers, painters, plasterers, and
all the affiliated tralcs, which cannot pro
gress an inch till the brick walls arc ready
for them to work upon. Is not this a dismal
lime tor such a strike Is not this a tatal
moment for the suspension of industry and
wages A few weeks hence the rigors of
winter will be upon us, and we shall have
work enough upon our h nds to relieve the
involuntary sufferers by tho fire without tak
ing upon ourselves the additional task of
supporting those who might obtain work at
higher wages than prevailed before the fire
if they would.
To the credit of the bricklayers be it said,
they hare lints far resisted the appeals of the
mischief-makers, and kept steadily at work
They are now receiving 33 per cent higher
wages than peforc the fire, and it is simply
impossible for builders who have lost almost
everything they possessed, by the flames, to
pay a-further advance. Equally impossible
is il for rial estate Owners to borrow money
to rebuild with, if the lenders see before them
a strike and an enforced suspension of in
dustry.
orntATioAs of tiik new ioun
Rina.
The purchases of real estate by the several
members of the New York Ring, and their
other personal financial operations have been
unearthed, and are now published.
R. Ik Connolly, since 1S<»0, upon a suit for
dcbt swore in open court, that he bad no
properly of any kind. His purchases of real
estate since then, foot up as follows
jfr.C. Ileal c*l.»te, dwelling* i.ooo
1m:?. I’vnl Cftate f, 7,000
jSbt*. Dwelling nod furuituic. l-io.ooo
Other real estate nir».ooo
ism. Kent citato bl.ooo
itfll. l»cal estate 10MXU
Total real cetate. $731 .(XM
Transferred L*. S. lionds to bis duc-lu
l»vr 5W.C00
Interest In Tammany Hall buUding. &J.OJO
Keceived for luicreiJ in Tenth National
Bank 2rt),oX)
New dwelling, Ac., on-Fiab avenue ttOO.oOQ
Advanced to bis son, in wholesale dry
Siod* aoo.noo
lea and blooded stock ao.udo
Annual salaries of tamily loo.ooi)
Total
Jn October, I**Gl, Tweed was discharged
from all hisdcbts.umler proceedings ia»bank
ruptcy. His transactions arc thus stated:
IHW. Jtouebt'real eftate., jt MT.axi
iw«». llouaht real o.«tate
IsTO. Houpbl real estate V,
li-TJ. llou£ht real estate S^.OcO
Total real estate purchase#,... St.l7o.tH
Also, new £a*lsoa«cs L,OC'.O.*O
Mauurasturlu>; *?>u»bli?.bmeT«t« r» iAU
Interest in Tammany Hall.. .Vi.ou
Yacht*, Ac in.fKjJ
Stables and Moek tbl.O'O
Slock Id foiirhuuk* t.Cal.dM
Dock* Tuo.fioo
Total. <7lss?*».ia<
Sweeney was a man of property before the
formation of the Ring. His purchases since
amount I» $1 IT:*,7!bl. 'i'he grand re
sult
Swaeucy J l
Tweed K.nJO.-CH
Vt>\moUy
Total 5a three years
Twelve m onths ago, a vessel called the*
Hornet left New York city on a Cuban ex
pedition, escaping tho vigilance of our offi
cers. 'She cleared for Asplnwall, but lauded
her c-rgo of arms on the coast of Cuba. She
then sailed for the British port of Nassau>
but was ordered off, and finally entered the
harbor of Pori au Prince, in Uavti. Two
Spanish vessels watched her for a long time,
and, finally, formal application was made to
thc-Haytit u Government for her surrender.
The American Consul interfered for the pro
tection of the vessel, and, after a conference
with the French, English, and American
Ministers, tho government decided not to
surrender. The Spanish Consul, thereupon,
left the L-ouniry. The Hornet is still In the
harbor of Port hu Prince, Watched by the
Spanish war vessels. The Government of
the United States, il is said, has sent a ves
sel of war to protect the Hornet in case she is
attacked-
Mayor Mason has issued a proclamation
recommending that all the inhabitants of this
city observe the present day as a day of
humiliation and prayer. Among other very
proper reasons tor this cours?, Ills Honor sag-
gests that wc should humiliate ourselves “for
these past offences against Almighty God to
which these severe alllictions were doubtless
intended to lead our mind.” The past
offences, in our judgment, consis*cd of
pine shingles aud other combustible material
in the .quarter where the Are first got Us foot
hold, not to mention the wooden roof over
the pumping works. I?tit if a ny moral trans
gression is chargeable with the burning down.
of the city, wc submit that it is the city ordi
nance altering the fire limits, four or five
years ago, so as to enable certain owners and
purchasers of old wooden buildings in the
central portion of the city to move them
down toward I*olk street bridge for tho ac
commodalion of harlots.
The deficiency in the French wheat cr"*p,
■this year, will amount to two hundred .mill
ions of bushels, owing to the war, bud weath
er, and the poverty of the country. Tho
English crop will be short twenty millions of
bushels. The assumed European demand
upon the United States is one hundred and
twenty millions of yushch ß which iv ab *ut
twice our mual export.
A letter from San Domingo, to tbc Fhlli
dclph’a InqtTrer, slates that the United
States naval force! now in the ports of that
country is to be recruited, a* soon as the re
ception of the Grand Duke Alexis is over.
The United Stales naval force there will con
sist of the Severn, l.> guns; Msntflaket, 10
guns; Swatara,guns; Shawmul, guns;
and Kansas,!» gun-. Total, 5 steamers, carry-.
»ng4ogn:.s. This p or the projection oflliez
from hta own subjects. It is stated that a
British Vessel recently entered one of the
ports to demand redress for u wrong done a
British subject, when the commander of the
United States steamer gave notice that he
was under orders to resist any interference
with Baez, or his administration, by any
oth cr government or force.
The blockhead despa ch sent all over Ihe
counlr staling that a portion of the front of
Tnz Tninuxe building was blown out by a
Kiupp shell which stood in the counting' room
window is sufficiently refuted by the recov
ery of the nnexploded shell from the ruins.
This toy was brought fro Paris by
Chauncey T. Bowen, E?q., who, it may be
presumed, took some pains to empty the
powder out of it before he took It on ship
board. As we had no siege guns in oar
printing establishment,'and no enemies that
could not be vanquished with Coatar's Ex
terminator, wc had no occasion to load the
shell after Hr. Bowen had placed it in our
window. The breaking down of a por nof
our front wall was caused by the weight of
two or three heavy iron safes in the second
and third stories.
The Decatur (111. j Republican advises coun
ty* merchants in the following -ensible strain,
advice, by t way, which, if generally fob
lowed, would give Chicago merchants exactly
the kind of assistance they want
“Let every men who formerly cent his orders for
good* to Chicago, make it a point to discriminate In
favor of that city again. That ho can do as well there
as clMWh<-n; i* a bfttled fact, for Chicago dealer* will
not be undersold, and that he ought to strain a point
—if nceessaiy—tohnild up the trade of our great me
tropolis la a proposition too plain to require dis
cussion.'*
Mexico has another revolution. Juarez
was declared elected President by the vote
taken in Mat' or Jane last, but the rival can
didates insist they were elected, and arc act
ing as Presidents, each within his own im
mediate neighborhood. The national au
thority is disregarded, and the country is
very near a condition of anarchy.
to uo slow
The Bricklayers Conclude Not to Strike for
Higher WaRCs-lnflux of Mason* from
Abroad—Building in tho South Division.
Tho excitement, which -ln<*e tl,c lu-giaalng of last
week prevailed amung the bricklaying fraternity, has
co;h.‘U to cxis-t any longer. Their de.«hc for a ri-e Ju
wage.’’ from Sft.Vt a day to and £ll, which snms
were actually n>Ued hy men who were worth. unde f
ordinary clrcrin-t:»tice«. between and $3, has
urndually "Ucii way to a willingbeaq to go
to work tor gift) a day—a figure
that appear* to he current in the city at present.
There arc only two or three employers who arc will
ing it* pay more than that -am. one of whom Is Mr.
Nickereon, who*? builder? are receiving T* a day, and
ore called to do yood work foi that sum, and another,
Hr. Harry Horn*, plumber, who Is paying promis
cuously so..*>o. wiifi the Intention of having the
masonry completed in a few days. The general lm
preasion appear* to be that building will proceed
steadily through the winter, lltc front and snow to of
fer no material obstacle. Those buildings which
were commenced immediately after tho fire
will, it is supposed. have pro
i»rcaed n* far thai the interference
of the whiter will l»e ol trifling Importance. tme
pn>bable rearou for ibe uniformity In wage# nod the
death of the aspirations after rapidly acquired we dth
on the part of the masons, is the Immigration of noud
men from Canada, when? waijee arc low. as well •as
from the East, when* building i* particularly dull.
Another reason Is the continuance of work.
Until it was ascertained that the frost was to be no
impediment, workmen wore anxious to secure vrhat
they could before work war dUcostlnued, bat steady
employment, and a fair supply of labor to meet the
demand, have combined to eneoarasc rchalldlng.
The prospect* arc good therefore for tho com
nl. lion of several buildio"* In Umo for the
early spring busin,-**. Amon" the structures which
will l>e the first to experience a resmrcc lon is that
of Mr. t’oolhaush, corner of Market* and Madison
streets, which was almort completed when the yen
i-raldistroyerlevelledjlt «~aln. Improvements have
been made In It* construction and the plan materially
altered. A number of men are encaged upon It at
prevent, ami it is rishur rapidly. It 1* a cheerful in
troduction to the Smooth hide from Madison street
htid?.-.
s.-wnd baildiitc» will l»»* half built on*?.and roofed
In, but 11.»»y rfmstlmto a minority at present, the In
dication K-lnir to M go ahead rcgardlo* of dinical
tie*».
ituuniot'N,
Unitarian nnd Unireraali-it,
Kef. JJo’h rl Collyof will preach at ,Tj». m.. in ill?
Third rniiarian church, ror.n-rof Lailinand Monroe
ftrvct*. No morning vcnice. iuuday School at the
usual hour.
—lt «v. Jt«*bcn Collyi-r will pn-acb. al to;; a. m.. in
tli« rhcrclf of ilu» Mrr-siah. Wnbai-h avenue. near
Hubbard court. Xo evening service.
Rev. C. W. \V«ndU* will preach, at p. m.. In
Murray (•'tiapcl, on Indiana avenue, near Twcnly
ninth street.
Ucv. G. T. riAiulen* will preach in tbs Church of
ho Kt dectuer, this rooming, at the uaa.il hour. Xo
wiling mi vice.
Presbyterian.
The .-cciety aud congregation of the First Presby
terian Chmch will meet, for divine eervice, at Christ
Church, comer of Michigan avenue and Twenty
fourth rticct. at 3;; p. m. Preaching by the pastor.
Her. Arthur Hitched. The Sunday School will moot
In the basement of the same church al 9# a. m.
Parents arc rcunetted to nabe every cfl'ort to have
their children present at the app dated hour.
—There will do services roaming and evening In the
Reunion Church, on Mitchell street, near Throon.
Sabbath School at 3 p. m.
—Kov. William Rendicr will preach morning and
evening in tb« Jefferson Part Church. Sunday
SchooV&t 3 p. m.
—Huv. J.JI. 'laugh will preach morning and even
ing in the Ptilted Church. Corner of faulinn and Mon*
U*e »Ueet«.
Episcopal.
Service* will be held, morning andevcnlnj.onSnn
day, at Calvary Church, on Warren a venae, between
Oakley street and Western avenue, Rev. A. W.
Snyder, rector. This church has been made free, aud
Grangers and others are cordially invited to attend,
—The congregation of Trlnlty’Ohurcb will meet for
divine service to-day at 10:45 a. m. In the Trinity
Mission Chapel, on Fourth avenue, between Taylor
and Twelfth street*. The Sunday School (parish and
tuitioni win also meet In the same place at S p. m.
—Services will bo heid morning and evening in
Grace Chnrcb. Seat* are all free.
—Services will bo held morning and evening in St.
Stephen's Church, Johnson, between Taylor aud
Twelfth street*.
Christ Church, comer of Michigan avenue and
Twenty-fourth street, Rev. C. E. Cheney in the room
ing- Mr. Cheney w ill also preach at the Chapel of
the Good Shepherd, on the comer of Thirty-fifth
atrvct and Shuttled avenue, at 3,4 o'clock.
Baptist.
Fi>t Church, Wabash avenue, near Hubbard court-
In the morning‘the pastor will deliver a dfj-conrsc
appropriate to the day of Fasting aud Prayer. Sub
ject ••Hetrlbutltive A?pc«ts of the Great Calamity."
The Mibjoct in tho evening will be “The Beneficent
Aspects of the Great Calamity."
—Hot. 11. Dunn will preach rooming and evening
in the Free Will Chnrcn, comer of Lounii*aml We-l
Jackson street*. Subject, rooming: “Darkness and
Discipline," Evening: “Light auoLife-"
Methodist.
Rev. Jo*epb Haven will prra<b, morning ami even
ing, in the Park Avenue Cbnrcb. comer of Park ave
nue «ml Robey *trect.
T’-t-re will be public sen ice in Grant Place Meth
odttt Cbnrcb on Sunday, rooming and waning, con
ducted by the patlur. Rut. E. M. llonng.
Congregational.
Tnl*rrtisrl*- Muirdi, comer of Indiana and .Morgan
vtivCU. The patter, the Kcv. tl. V. William-, has
nrlururd from hi-Journey to the far XortUwcsf, and
uiU preach, morning and evening.
Miscellaneous.
The Toting Men** Chrt-tlan Association will hold a
onion prayer meeting, on behalf of the sufferers, In
tho Seventh iTrrbytrHan Church, corner Peoria and
•Inekwai btrevta, ou Sabbath evening. The sufferers,
and all who fed the need of God*- help in thU time
ofcinicttmi, are invited. Cal] upon Me in Uie day
of trouble, and 1 will deliver thec. and ibonahalt
ClotiliMe.’*.
Rev. Ur. Cooper will pro .ch at 10'j a. ni. and S‘»
6111, in Kmmanncl Church, comer of Centro and
ayion -.trccts. Sunday School atSU a. m.
The Chicago Yocng Men’s Christian Union will
hold a public meeting at Standard Hall, comer of
Thirteenth street and Michigan avenue, tbia evening,
when addreeoci may be expected from Professor
looting. Hubert Collier, Ur. Flanders, K. L. Collier,
and others. The public I* invited.
—ServTrci will no heW In tho synagogue. corner of
Vaba-h avenue and Peck court, at ip. m. Hcv. Ur.
Chroulk. paster of the Sinai congregation, will deliver
the HMnum In German.
—Mra. A. E. Motsop will lecture In Rice A Jack
son t> Hail, comer ot Jefferson and Randolph streets,
lav.ruing and evening.
—Rev. O. A. Bnrgct-s will preach morning and
sver.ing in the Indiana Arcane Christian Chnrch.l
Will preach at Murray Chapel
*l l A* m ,hnbjecl. “The Fourth Ona la the
Fin*. !So evening senice.
-service will be held at 10 a. m. in the Templa of
the Jt'wfeh Zion Congregation, corner of Jackaoa.aad
SangMnon streets.
Kat a &(,000 Man.
To tJu JCJiforo/ tk Chicago Tribune:
bin: I have learned from yesterday's Tnmcv* tba*
1 Lave been appointed on the committee to vUU the
Mayor in behalf of the email business men who bars
lost all by the fire. 1 did not know thla till 1 taw It In
pr!o*. Albeit I will reply that if 1 ran co operate with
onr Mayor and other esteemed fellow-citizen* to w>e
that no pan of the money which has been glvaa for
onr relief rball be misapplied, I shall take pfeasßre
doing so. bnt cannot consent to work on a committee
with whom 1 am not acquainted, either, personally or
by refeirnce. Respectfully. Ac..
HUFFS UI.ANCn AuD.
Chicago Oct, 1871.
CHICAGO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1871.
JCEAI. ESTATE.
Money on Mortgages for Bebulld-
Tlie Loralioir of the >'ew Gorcrnnient
Buildings—lie >ew Central
Depot.
Valnn in the Burnt l>l*frlcf--A IVorth
Side l*roject--Tr*n»rera .Since
Januar}’ 1*
A large amoout of money Is offered in loans on
baslni't* property in the burnt district, bat, as has
been mentioned before, the Inability of thu owners
to show titles prevents the consummation of a great
majority of these proposed transactions. It Is now
considered an advantage, in some respects, for prop
erty to have been mortgaged to the former great
money lenders, such as the Connecticut Mutual Ufe,
Union Mutual ofMnine, and the various private cap
italists who transacted tbeir business through a few
well-known agents in this city. The fact that thu
agents of these principal leaden bad examined and
accepted the titles 'of property OH
which they loaned the money of their p InclpaU
la considered a guarantee that the titles of the
property tn question were nil right at the rime of
those loans. Still another advantage is, that the
class of money lenders above mentioned will, in most
cases. b« obliged to do everything In thefr rower to
re-establish the valne of property in the business
nait of the bnrnt district, otherwise the present mar
ket value of the ground would not be security for
the loans that were made to the extent of probably 59
or to per cent of the former value of ground nndltn
provcxncms. The buildings which were destroyed
represented, on the average, half the total former
valne of the propertr, and the insurance that will be
collected will, in many cases, fill to balance the de
predation In the value of the ground.
The mortgagees of such property will doubtless
deem It Judfcionj in such ca*es. to advance more
monev to replace thu buildings a* this is tbe only
wav fn which the valne of the ground can bo re
established, and the security 5 r their former loans
be in a measnro re-established. Toe th ee promi
nent Eastern life insurance companies which have
been loaning largely in this city for several years
pcs', have probably $12,000,000 of real estate loans
outstanding here now. At 10-'al |6.009,<XX) or
fT.fIOO.OuO of there we on property *n tbe
business quarter of the burnt district, and will
he affected In the manner above Indicated. It ba
comes, therefore, the matter of the greatest Interest,
what policy these extensive holders of mort.ages will
pur-ne. and to what extent they will be able to assist
the rebuilding of the city, ami the consequent re
otablNbmmi of their own security. One thing,
however, pecui.' probable, that it will be all they can
do toassls’ the owners of property
to them, and that they will he unable to make any
loans to new parties.
The New* Government Buildings.
It la understood that theproper government official*
will make recommendation* to Congress to do some
thing lllicral for Chicago In the way of erecting
larger public building* than the former Custom
House—which was In fact insufficient for the govern
ment business transacted hen*, and that with that
object in view government will bo asked u> bay three
or tour rime* a* much ground as that on which tbc
Custom Douse stotd. This rumored proposal seems
to have exalted the Ideas of some of the owners of
nropeity adjoining the present Custom House lot.
They imagine the government will bo obliged to
ket-p ibe ptmeiil lot and buy morn ground adjoining
It, deducting on the theory that a sale to govern
ment mean-* th t the government should be bled, arc
s-king me for their ground than It would have sold
for before the lire. The owner of the Mouroo street
from next west of Ihe present Custom House site,
a-ks ?2.<Vd per front foot, and the owners of the lot*
drill further wot. namely to Clark strict, ask f-d.iXV)
per front foot. The owners of property in the busi
ness district of the South Division soould bear in
mind, that as far as convenience for the transaction
of tbc government business Is concerned, it can Ik*
done Just as well at any one of adoz-n locations
within half a mile of the present Custom
House lot, and that, wherever that location U select
ed the Pori Office and Cu-tom House will draw after
them a large part of the business of the city. The
government might in (act do Chicago more good and
at the same lino make a profitable inve-taiont for it
self. by •.electing the “,te for the new buildings in
•Of t- quarter where the ground could be bought for
not nor-* than SSOO per foot. The location of the gov
ernment buildings would soon make all the adjoining
gn mid worth i«cr foot. In fact If the action of
Corgrras iti-tlits matter is governed by the desire to
do Chicago the most i***»ib!o good, application
should (id made to thu city for sufficient ground
in Lak.* Park, to build the government building*.
Their e-tabllshmcnt there would Incrc«*e the value
of the whole of the perk, and thu city could m II It oat
for biiriiiCrs pari»o-**-f* at price 4 that would re-estab
lish the financial condition of the city treasury.
The Contra! Depot.
It la undfir-tnod that the only remaining objector
among the property-owners on Michigan avenue,
fronting thu proposed Central Depot. Is Mr. O. 11.
McCmrolck. and tnnt he does not object taahu ealu
of the three blocks to the railway companies for thu
price named, but wishes to attach a condition that
they (.ball build a bridge across the month of lb«
river for tlio accommodation of any railway
or railway* that may desire to come la
from the North Division. The co-t of the
bridge would ho about 575.(1)!), and the Illinois Cen
tral' Railway Company :.rc willing to join any other
company, or the city authorities-, or any body of citi
zens. to'build fcuch a bridge and pay one-half of the
eKjH’OM*. The Michigan aveime property-holder*
who niired the fund a year or two ago to commence
thu Il lgarton ag:dn«t the railway companle-. are pre
rand to withdraw the Injunction suit after a few pre
rDiinatif* can be adju-ted. When this is withdrawn
thcie will be no legal obriacte to the occupation of
th<» gn-ni;d. a» d thu railway companies are willing to
crmtuor.ee LuibHug at once and lake their chance*
on future legislation.
A North Side Hotel.
Ponte of the principal owner* of property In the
North Division have a plan on fool for building a
I-ukc-iile Hotel, on the Mock bounded by Pino, sn
pvtl.-r. uud tst. Clair t‘trect*. including the tround
formerly occupied by Llll’a Brewery. It is believed
that none of tne former breweries in that part of me
city will l-e rebuilt uuh-sa it be Duck s, ana an effort
should be made tn-nrevent that one being rebuilt on
the old -He If pustmlc. The «*ooth extenVion of Lin
coln Park to the Water Work*, together with a first
class family hotel ther.*, would I*o the ms.iti* of
making tile north slmro from Lincoln l’»tk
-otithward to the proposed hotel, one of
theple«Kinti’»l resilience quarter* In the city. The
hotel would probably be a port of nucleus in which
the former re-ldi-nts of the North Side could find
quarters until they could rebuild their former homes.
Values in the Bur.:t District.
A U.t 15 feet front on MadUon street. between In
fallc and Well;*, wa- leased cm Friday at ft,5M per
year, which 1»S per eent on a valuation »r fl,ouo
per toot.
A lot on Ponth Wafer street, hojwecn Clark aod
LaSalle, was offered lor leave’at per rein on JfiOO
>cr fed, and the offer was accepted. hot the owner ol
lie lot tacked out.
A lot 10fret front on Lake m., Jnct cart of Franklin,
baa hc*n lea»ed at ((Lrt per year, which Ii» 6 per cent
onlijdpcri'oot.
A lot W feet front on Well? itrect. comer of !ffad-
Ifoo, wa« leaded ot per year, which U 6 p«r cent
on a valuation of {Nsi per foot.
\V« hear of property on Michigan street, between
LaSalle aid Well*, which wajheldat *IUO per front
fool before the Are. be! offered now at fl JO, and we
have reliable Information to >h» effect that "round on
Dearborn street, between Randolph and MadUon, la
offered hi tovernl location* at ft.'JOdper front fc*.*l.
and on L’l.trk ttreot, jonth of Washington. nl about the
Mine figure*. These prices -how a reduction of SO to
10 per cent on former values.
Mtacra. Field, Leltct Co. ha*e leased the north
east corner of Maiket and Madl-on street* for iht-lr
wholesale department. For their principal retail de
partment they have leaded the southwest comer of
Slate and Van Huron, and will al-o have another re.
tail uttahlUluueut at the corner of State and Tvrenll
«;h streets.
Beal Estate Transfers.
From Januaryl,lß7l, uut lOctober 7. the airgreffate
transfer* of real ceU-le wilhlu a radian of seven rotles
from the Court House were tSl.2ft7.t6!). being an nr
crape of obont ffthl.ODO per work. During the month
previous to the fire the tranMrrs amounted to an av
erage of jrDO.I'OO ;»er week. The total transfer* since
the fire have amounted to tft.VT.Siy.
Iba following instruments were filed for record on
Saturday, Oc»«l>cr 28,
Warrantee Deeds: ITon>e and Lot on N. K. corner
ol Weal Wrrtdncion M. and Willard Place. dated
October 21th, Consideration 2f>.(Vo.
Wabr.-h dt., south of nod near Madl-on «r., west
frontlUXl7l feet, dated Octob.rilib. Cou-idcrailon
•WOO.
Warren av.. between Page ami Wood-sl?.. 'North
front. 48x152 feet, dated August Üb, 1870. Consider
ation 10.1X0.
Lot cu West Jack«ou-et.. near Ilonore «t„ South
front, 27x12ft, dated October 27. Consideration
2.205.
Lot I in IJUjas, lots 29 and 41 In Pine Grove, being
50x165 feet, dated Oct. 20. Consideration. 53.650.
Pnttcrfleld at., south of Thirty-ninth H-. east from
25x100 feet, dated Oct. 2S. Consideration tlftO-
Real estate mortgages and trust deeds. 10: quit
claim deeds and releaaes, 6; other documents con
veying property In CeoK County, 7; chattel mortga
ges b; together wllh 89 instruments which werofre
recorded by tcason of the fire.
*1 HE UISTORICAL SOCIETY
William Barry, its Originator Beqnested to
Take Charge of its Operations os Secre
tary and Librarian.
At a meeting of members of the Chicago Historical
Society, held on Friday .evening, the President, B.
B. Sheldon, In the chair, the following resolutions
were snbmittedandadopted:
Wuxßraa, The Chicago Historical Society has been
called in'D.rluc Providence to share tbo common
desolation of onr city. In the total destruction of its
building, with the accumulated treasure# (numbering
in all overono hundred thousand) it has industriously
collected during the past sixteen years; therefore,
Ettohtii* That In calm rubmltslon to Ita painful
loee. Us members, faithful to their trust for tbo pub
lic good, will seek and endeavor as they may to re
trieve this great misfortune.
J?Mo/trd, That William Barrr, the originator and
devoted friend of the society for so many yeara.be
requested to take charge or Us operations, as its Se
c, rctarr and Librarian.
Ruoltid* That the Executive Committee confer
tviibtbe Secretary and Librarian, with authority to
provide suitable rooms and accommodations for the
eocicty'a immediate needs.
Jittotrol. That the same committee consult upon
the present financial condition and necessities of the
eociotv. tvUh such reccmo.endatlous aa they deem
That the Seen tary, with Messrs. K. H.
Sheldon and 1. 7s. Arnold. be a committee to prepare
an annroutlatc circular to be printed and communi
cated to all members and sccletics In correeponinxc.
and to the public at large, soliciting friendly axl for
the reparation of tbo society*! great loss.
The l*ol ce Commltstonership A Card
from £sra Tnylor..
Totht KdVor of foe Chicago Tribune;
Bn it i£s3 l vraa an ;fot the office o
:ico Commusßtocer on the So’dletV ticket for which
aspiration I was branded a.l««Ucr, Ac. 1 hive been a
iceidcntof Chicago for over thirty tears: have not
been a politics! hummer, but have Hone the country
acme service tn my tunable way. The fact that I
have always minded my own Wines*, and interfered
wilh no oth r persons, Is protabty a £alll- g which is
not fitting fur political purposes. Hut, If yon and the
people of Cook County will take the {jalni’to examine
the records, yon will find that anything I set abont
doing had my tarnuat ami Ix-et attention. When the
war moke out 1 was among the firat to respond to the
call of the country. I went to the front and took my
three sons with me; and. without boasting, I can ear
that where there was work or fighting to do I wa« al
ways at my post. 1 was never In the rear while
others were fighting. Two of znysons arc now dead
from the effects of me service. I waa supposed to be
mortally wounded on the 30-h of May, 18M, but.
through the kind mercy of the All-Wise Father of All.
I still live. By industry and economy I had done
much to repair my losses during the war. and was
hoping to be reasonably comfortable soon, when this
great calamity of fire overtook me, and swept away
all my worldly goods. My all was in my boose and at
mr once In the Chamber of Commerce. Now I wish
to'ray to yon and the people of Cook County, that 1
again present mr name as a candidate for.Police
Comm&sioocr. If elected, 1 shall do my doty to the
best of my ability, as truly, honestly, and faithfully as
I fought reryoa and them daring thu war. I fear no
canvais or criticism of my record. General Sherman
or General Grant von ail the information yoc
may desire. Tory respectfully, yonr obedient ser
vant, Colonel EZHA TAVLOII.
r.’f:, Jcanb': ftnnd at No. a»loNorth Wells street,
vfuctfi I am trying to erect a shelter for my fanOly^
Chicago. Oct. 25,1871.
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL,
MOXETABV.
Sattbjuv ErrsiKo, 0:t, 2S.
Business at the back* id light. and will probably he
10 until tbc packers begin active operations, which
will now be toon. The bog crop is a largo one, and
will require a large amonat of money to more It, and
this, together with the necessities of the packers, will
take all the money the banks can spare. The packers
and provision dealers, however, hare lost bat Itttlo la
tbc tire, and their opeiations wi.l be affected but little
by the disaster to the die. Mach of the packing
will, of course, be done on Eastern capital, and the
caching of the time drifts of the packers here on their
principals in the East will probably be the first of
anything like dttcoantlcg that the hanks will do.
For the present the bunks in general hare more
money than they can find any safe occupation for.
Deposit* at thu eight or nine leading banks continue
larger than before the fire, and the majority of the
National Banka now hold from GO to 70 per cent
of their total deposits in cash and New York ex
change. The tacit understanding that National
Bank* would stand by each otbfer In caao of emer
gency has probably operated unfavorably in some re
spects wilt, prlvaio bankers, nod has probably in*
duced a good many persons to -gradu
ally withdraw their accounts from private
hankies mid take them to the incorpor
ated banks. In this connection, it may
be well to mention that there is every disposition on
the part of all the strongest hanks to assist the pri
vate bankers by letting them have ready money on
their securities, if they should need anything of the
kind, tbongb there schiiis no particular cause for an
«aslcc*« ai present. As wc nave remarked before,
there will probably be charges in the hanking aa
null us In other business, resulting from the fire;
hut. at* farr.s can he i.secrlalucd now, even all the
private back- and small concerns can pay their de
positor* if they have a UtUc time.
Exchange wa-sold between banka to-day at par.
At the counter, batk.r- sell at par and buy at dis
count.
Currency la abundant here, and there is more com
leg In trout the country than is being sent out. The
banks arc still In confu-fon about their locations.
Srmo are establishing branches in the Weal Division,
but others that talked of doing :he same yesterday arc
getting out of the notion.
Thu Fifth National will build a banking house on
llu- northwest corner of Mudi-ou street and Fifth
avenue-Wells street'and expect to have It ready fur
occupancy by Dcccnri er 1.
Messrs. A. O. J£ O. F. Badger, request ua lo say that
they me dolnjf business a* usual.
At the tueeiing of Fire Insurance Underwriter*, oa
Friday evening. the following were t he rates adopted:
IVldiugs. Contents
Uicdotprccertr V cent, V Ciut.
Ontr«l it c-h-vstor 4
N* nliuretcrn ilov«»<-r A l
All Othrr •levator-'..- 3
Brick packinglimm-s .2 1-2 2 t-2
Kramo pacK HC houses Notratul.
Lumber yards rialouuuin/ 2 1-2 2 t-2
Brick dwribwß* 3-1 3.4
J-Tsins dw.-lllmrs ((Jet.vrii d'.. I 1
Prune rominrrei.il risks, when built
rdlt g to iw-o flcatlons attached
I -itt Alt 3 1-2
COM.WKHCUL.
Saturday Evening, Oct. 2??.
The foPcwing are the receipt* and shipments of
produce at this point during the past twenty-four
hour*, as far u- reported, with *thc corresponding
quantities one year ago:
Receipts.
UTI. l?T«. \m. IS7U,
Klnm, hi- 1,»74 7.7(d 5,132 7,7ttl
Wheat, M.IAS tib.id) 131,123 fII.ZOJ
Cprn.bu a-‘,JS3 !Uo>.)| 32.3U
Oats, bu ;;.',r9> JI.VSt VJ.2-7 31,4 0
Mve.lm 7.VUI ?,o:.a 2,-u« 340
llarley, til 12.010 15.H0 s.iou 4.331
Rrwssjee-ts. Ids 20.;30 Z.4OU 7<>.532 H.tXXI
H*X 92.WJU
llrra-niCiirn.lbs 11:*,U7« tW.OOu 2I.HW
Cured Steal•.Us. jn,»« rr.no mm
n<er. lirlr. 2,r»» 3.7 t,3vs J.stu
I'oik, l.rl- 27 420 Vii
Lar.J, U- f-.'.tU 21V-30 27.360
Tullow. lb* r.1,7#0 4.W0 UNWO 1.4'Hl
Butler. II s, M.llil 37,VU 24.1A0
Live ling-. >o..— •V-'*3 3.W5
Cattle. Ne I.7?l 2.141
Uidsa, u-.~ —..m.-.'f tor/-.;
llittiwhii-s. bt«4»t .16 .va M-V
Wool, lb».„.*~_ «,tW, -JO 5.%740- H3 r l3n
Poiai.s s, bu 7,2b» I ■-.n*' 5.7 411
Lnmlrf*r. M J.leO 3.0 M
tl.Uii,!**. St l.lftu 2.<uU 1.7J5
Latti. M .V) 1-J.i 226
Salt, bi It.Tel !.*«i J.l.s
Wlthdiawn yesturday fi-r eltrconsnmptlon. 12,fv'S bo
wheat; 4.-V»T'hu com; Til bu oats; 1.125 bu rve;
n.13« bn barley.
The following grain l*as b v en inspected Into store
up to lOo’clocK this morning: Iflfi cars wheat. isJ
cars and 4.5* Obu corn, tl car* and 4,ott* bu oat*, 7
ctrarye, 2t»car?bailey. Toral (373 van). 157.100 bu.
Tlie lollowing weie the receipts and shipmeiils of
hreacsiuti* siiu stock during rhe pa-t week, ami for
the «oirv?i.otining week last year;
Kscsivud. Shipps-l.
i-»:t, i-;o. i-rt. i.m*.
n.ur,hfis... 22,: 73 H.f-I IS. 133 .-5.123
Wl.«*i, Vb 221.-a% 404.V0 71U7-
Corn. 1-n, r-r.7,7 3-1.773 721,6-.M 416.1.-4
OalS, to. iui.sv** 770,142 *4
Itjv. t« 34.tA4 4 1, ,V.».:i4 tr.sta
Ibtrky. i-u iV-,..u IJ '.iir* 37,'.<i»i
|tr*s-vd
Lire hess g.*,4r'«r i'-.0.r is., 6
C«tt1*........ «.*TI 11.377 1,77't S. It
The shipment? of grain continns to be largely lo
excess of the receipts. Our note oa this subjrri in
£Htntris«' 4 l»*ne w<»§ ml.-priated; It should have
read: “Thu receipt* of grain are an greater than can
bo Well taken care of.** The rall.o.'ds are now in good
condition for business, and our cummlsaion m. n have
ample funds at command to h.m-.lJu all that may l>e
vent hero.
It it encouraging to note that onr wlmleMite gnvew,
who arc the mo?l forward of any of the wholesale de
partments. Id resuming bruiiii »lnce the fire, all re
volt that their old ciistor.ers fn tlio country are
promptly on band, in payment o."J former accounts
acd to bny now line* or pood*. fco far they ha' o not
heard of a single customer going elsewhere. Not
onlv this but they fled that fome partlci* who used
le divide tlu-lr attention between the merchants of
thicago and other places, are now sending their or
der* here exclusively, evidently pleased with the
pluck displayed In tho effort to pet Into line again,
and wishing to aid as fur a« possible »n the effort to
rebuild the trade of the burned city.
There la little room u> doubt that the other de
partment- of tmdc will be able to report tbc same
gratifring experience. The dry poods merchants
will a\l be open within a few days—some.of them are
already opening out their good*, and nearly all hare
Mock-’mrg liens awaiting vbc last touches of the
hammer and saw on the temporary structures that
will contain them. In boots and shoes there will he
a little more delay, bnl In this department the winter
trade of the country is already nearly over. In
dregs the sweep was lc*t> complete than in other
Hues, and the loecrr are most of them under way
again.
It may scorn remarkable that the fire has caused
a marked advance In the price of building materials
In other places, far East. home of tbc sufferers have
sent to Buffalo for bricks, only tofindTbat the market
there has advanced some $t per 1,(00. Lumber has
already arrived here from 31 llvvankce. and more is on
the way from Kaciue and other p.-inta down the lake,
the effect of which ha* been to cause an advance in
prices ntib.*e points. It i<* thus that commercially,
a* well a* in «*;her rcsoect?, the disturbance of the
equilibrium brie has canard a wave of peiiurbalion
all over the civlli/ed W’orld.
There was ice* doing in produce circles to-day, and
an easier feeling was apparent in moat departnunl*.
Tie shipping movement «a» lose active touring for
lt> a« I* usnal on Saturday, especially where another
uc storage falls due on the next business day.
lienee the trading was i rloclpally In option*, and
there was less eleadioees in prices all round, the
speculative nuitetacnt being always mow or less
jerkr when not tempered by cash trading.
nfghttinc* were more active and steady, though re
i ported dull and‘ic lower in New fork. A total of
geo hrls was sold at Sf<-
Lake freights were less active, hot »%c firmer. The
market opened with one charter at S£c lor corn to
Buffalo, bet owner* held off, and tbc market closed
at 9uc fur wheat, Oc fur com, and Tc far oats by sail
to Bnßhlo. To Oswego com was taken at iSe, and
wheat at ICc. Through rates to New Tork were
quoted at SSc on wheat, Sle on corn, and tSc on o*le.
A total of eight grain charter* waa reported, which
will carry out SskUW bn wheat, jM.OOO bu corn, 123,000
bn oat*, and 50,000 bo rye.
Provisions were more active and Arm. The market
opened dull, in rvmpathy with New fork, hut when
the Eastern tone waa reported firmer the feeling here
revived, and the market closed firm at yesterday's
quotations; at fit.lS for cash mesa pork: 18.C2*i»
12.7S for do seller December: 12.73 for do seller Jan
uary; 6?ia9c for laid; S&aS&cfordo seller January;
8 s4c for new lard: dkiatiHc, and Tc for loose shoal*
dera, abort rib, and short clear, and 6};*B 3-fc, and
TUc for do boxed. Sweet pickled hams at 101-2 a
11 Me. Wes* beefatß,2s*9.6o; extra mess beef at
ft.so; tallow at 9«S l-2c. Sales were reported of 313
brls mess pork, In pctvrallols, at 115.73; 35 brls do.
at 12.50: 3W tea lard, seller the year, at S 5 8c; 100,000
lb* shoulders at
davs hence, when 45 dsve In salt, mtsc;oo,o(X) lbs short
r.tsatßS-Sc; lCo,oColhsdoat6l-3; pcs green
hamaat*l-2C- __
Flour was very Cha, and in fair reqneat. chiefly no
local account, though there was some inquiry for
ahlnircut. Saks-were reported cf 100 brls. white
wlmers (Nashville city) at $3.1X1; 100 brjs. do (Nash
v ills Eagle) at $7.30-; 800 hrls. do on private terms:
100 belt, spring extras (illnpceotas) at *7Afl; ;2oo
brls. do. (Mmnvsotas) at SLOO ;lUO orla, do at *6.75:
'CO brls. do (Glorvj at s6.S7fj 1.160 brla. do on
rrivate Ur in* HW brls. do low grade, at Z 5.00.
Total. ?,M0 brls. A-solO tuns bran at |14.50, and 10
tons do at 15.i0 on track.
meat was less active and weak, though the ma
jority of the rales averaged l-2chigher than ye-ler
day There was very little shipping demand, and
"pccnlstlvo hovers held back, owing toreported weak
i.Wa in New York, though Eastern holders asked 2c
advance. The market reL-d very he»vy m tha latter
part of the session. Seller telkilf of KoyMrtMr.
the principal option dealt in, opened at de
clined to 1.22, and closed at 1-tSK- Roller November
sold at 1.2fa1.521-i, and closedat 1.101-2. Cash No. 8
Spring w»a offered at one. limo nt
1.181-2, but closed firmer at 1.20. There, was a
n ode»a\e milling ic.ciu.lr? ii-r <*:hcr grades. Winter wn*
t »cd <-t«dy. Cs-h sale* were reported iff 2.«' D
bu No. 1 spring at *1.211*; 1(0 bn dost I.2R*; 4.000
bu No. 2 spring at 22,000 bn do at l.«; MOO
In do at 1.21H: 1.200 bn co at i.2H t 5-CUobt>doai
Ijfl: 5.000 bu do at 1.204; Rto3 bn do at 1.20; 2,0. K)
btt No. 3spring at 1.14: SOU bn do at 900 bu
rejected fi ring at 1.0S; W0 b« No. 2 red winter at
1.25. Total, 61.6T0 bn.
Corn was moderately active and firm at yester
day’s outside prices, on cash Jots, there being a fair
demand, which was principally by one firm, at 50a
sC*i.c, the inride for regular. Options were very weak
and quiet. Seller the flm half of November opened
at -JB‘sc, and cl> sed dull at 46c. Seller November
opened at 475ic, and closed weak at 47c. The canto
of the depression on tutuie is owing to the expecta
tion that new corn will arrive liberally: sales worn
made! -day of 45.000 hn at 42c. to arrive first halt
November. Rejected was In good demand and Irre
gular, according to location. ca>h sales were report
ed of 20,600 bu No. 2at feuc: 51,400 bn do at 50'ic;
62.000 bu do at 50c; 8.400 bu dofaboit receipt*) at
49jfc; 2,000 bn do. to arrive, at 4‘JHc: 1.200 bu kiln
dried do at 48c; sou bn dnat47l-2c: 1,900 budoat
47c; 11,200 burejected at 43c; 2,400 bo do at 471-2 c;
7,200bn doal 17c; 2,00? bn new at 12c. Total. 101,400
bn.
Oats were less actiyo, and weak, the demand being
light. Tbe shipments contracted lor to-day are for
lots previously purchased. The market for No. 9
opened at. SOhc, and closed at 30a30**c. SellcrNo
vember was little better than nominal at 30a30Hc»
and seller last hairdo at 31Hc* Se.ler December sold
at 32c and seller January at 33c. Cash sales were re
ported of 20,600 bn at
at 30c; COO bu jected at 27c; IgMl bu do at To
tal, 51,800 ba,
Rye.wa* quiet.but firmer, owing to a light supply:
closing at 6l«ic for No. 8. Rejected was nominal at
sSss3c, Cash wdrs were 6,400 bn No. 2at 62c: 10,010
short receipts, at 61c, To
tal, 16,600 uii.
Barley was doll and easier, being quoted heavy in
New York. 7he market closed at sßc for No. 2: and
<6 l-2c for No. S, Cash sales were reported of 4.000 bu
bu No, 2at V7c; 1,600 ba do at 861-Sc; 4,iK>» bn do at
£t>c: 400 bu do at 55 l-9c; 400 bu do No. 3 at 47 1-Sc;
2.500 bn do at 47c; 400 bn do ai 46 1-Sc; 400 bn do at
4fc; 4CO 6n rejected at 4Cc; 300 bu dost SSc. Total,
15.3u0 bn.
Wool la reported very quiet In Boston, 60,0*A00.1 lh«
foreign received since January, abont one-quarter of
the amonnt is still on tbe market.
In the afternoon the grain markets were very quiet
and easier. Wheat a id at seller last
half, and *l.S&al.ioU for seller November, both clos
ing at tbu Inside. Cum sold at 47**0, seller first half
•f November, and 4b}jC seller the whole mouth.
Nothing else was reported.
Tbe own-ra of car lots of grain that arrived here
on tho Bth Instant held a meeting this afternoon, a)
which y. 11. McCreaand Geo. M. How were ap
pointed a committee to look after their iu.efe-ts.
Lire Stock Market.
CATTLE—Received thla week 7.200; received last
week S.tOJ. There was not much doing lo this
branch of the live stock market to-day; owing chiefly
to the undesirable quality of the stock oa sale. The
Eastern maikets are now looking a little better, and
the feeling here la somewhat firmer, lo consequence,
though nominally prices arc the same aa during the
opening days of the week. Few cho ce beeves arc
coming forward at prceoct. though tbarc is a steady
fair demand for auch at $0.f0(3.*>.25. Extra would
command $5.50. The Inqnlty loratockera is not very
active, but equal to the supply and prices are sus
tained at sS*s@?.7o for common roughlsh lots, and
at f3.0C(£3.50 tor good to prime. Butchers' stuffi—
including cowa, common rivers, stags and oxen—is
aahiblc at $2.5( @3.50. Inferior mixed lots sell aa low
a* ‘9.00a5.25. Texas cuttle arc dull at ?2.("U3.(W for
through iioves, and at-3 25u1.00 for corn fed. The
market closed steady vvitb only a few leftover un
told.
|{OG£-_<The receipts this week have been AD.COO.
against 41,383 last week—an Increase of 8.C17. Early
in the week the demand wu* light—tho warm weather
keep-tie packer* out of the market—and under heavy
receipts prices Weakened to the extent of 205425 c re
ceding to 2SMV@-1.13. Since Wednesday the weather
has been cool, and. with two or three of our rt*y
packer* opetaiing. prices have firmed m» a little,
though they are still considetably lower than at the
dose of the preceding week. The receipt* to day
reacted about 4.0U0, which, under a fair Inquiry from
local and Eastern buyers, were about nil taken np.
sales making at s4.lu fur common to medium, and
<4 UTr.-LSO tor *jt»od to choice.
SHEEP -Deceived this week. ,V«3f. The sheep
market has ruled quiet, and comparatively steady at
fd.flfltffdJ.oO for common; t3.75a4.iu for medium, and at
f1.255t.T0 torgoml to strictly choice. The oilvnugs
were generally rf poor quality.
MILLINER Y.
H. W. J.M, Wetherell,
369 WABASH-AT,
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY!
Shipments.
We would inform our patrons
that our stock is now complete,
and we are now prepared to
wait on them and to fill their
orders with despatch. Our new
stock has been selected with
reference to the season, and
we offer the same at the low
est market prices.
Special inducements to cash
buyers.
MILLINERY
MISS n. J. SAADIiKSOY
119 IV«faa«)i at.. iin« commenced lou-
In cm nipdu In
Parlors, 786 Wabasb-av.,.
Where alic will bcglnd to aerre herfriemh*
and cuWnmm a* before.
GENEB 41. NOTICES.
For Sale.
20,000
DAMAGED
WATCHES
STARK ALLEN,
363 "W abasK-av.
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS.
CHICAGO A NOKTH WE3TCUN ItAILUOAD.
('ti and i*fti*r Mimftar, OcJotwr r», the In Pretellt
peftt of tl.« Galena and Pivl.was of thXCom-
soy-will le at new J fui <>u <>IJ »it«% tool ol North
•cathyra it.
Ti>« Pat Freight Depot of ««mo alvUi -n* will be
at building kaftwu a* Milwaukee Freight
House, coiner Indian* and Jeffers >n its.
I!. C. WII£ELKR.
Oceral Freight Ajent.
Important Notice.
Tli* Uenonbli Board of Health call npon all to
disinfect and pnrify their premises. U*e the new dis
infectant, Bromo-Chloralnm, for nitrifying your wa
fer closets, catch latlor, etc. The BrunwChlori*
l aß fa Qoa-poironoiia and inodorous; it i .very
powerful disinfectant. and will destroy cTcrythia*
thatlia dratmctiT* of hedth; U recommended by lbs
medical jonrnala and leading J phyalcians uf the land.
Prepared: hr TILDE* A Cli, iChrmUU. New Leba
non. New York, and for aale by all wholesale and
retail druggists.
Pawnbroker’s Xoticc.
I bare aarad all- my Diamonds, Watches, and Jew
elry. lam now open for ttulneta at at Weat Madron
at. Money to loan, M. C. Ct.\SLi.
The Weetera Transportation Oataptoy haro remoreJ
thetr office and dock to fool of Watt Waahingtuo-sLj
where we shall be pleased to aeo *ll our old frianda and
c tutors era. Propellera arriving and <Df*rtiag daily, aa
matxal before the fire. Office No. 3
Sack Buildings Dredging,
Hayden. Carkio 4 Co., formerly of 3 Sooth Clark
at Vte are prepared to dn all kloda of does ba.ldlag
■and repairing, brldga hollaing and dreJginr,. on
ihorl notice and at old prlcca; satonble terms s.wn,
Apply at Eldridge court.
My Baal relate OSso la remoaed from Ilk Menroe-et.
to £73 Wabaih-ar. All persona who have patents ten
in advance, will call and raeelva paymaat for the unex
ptred lime.
AU who owi aa for real aaUle. shall hava all proper
4 n r ALBERT CRASS.
Notice to Policy Holders.
Pardee ontalde ol lb* burnt dietriet, to whom we
hastmade .leant and whose policies we hoUu collat
eral, ere rtqQeated to tall upon n« icomedlatclr. ’This
Uof thentmoit Importance, aanUrte number ©Mbe
pollcke are no longer cvodaal should be placed In un
doubted compiinlee at once.
Tartly la the borne district *lf» call and hare
proof of 100 mad«. Ibat (be mooejr be collected m icon
sspoMlb'e.
THE
Union Insurance anil Trast Company
Are Paying their Depositors
m FULL.
Liberal advances made on
commercial accounts.
8. W. BAWSOS, Vre*. J. U. PKMISOS. V. l‘rrs
W. B. HOSWKLL. Cub'r.
Dt BKCTVRi:
W. K. MeALtISTER. W. R\WS"N,
JAMFS WARD, JUIIN ni!LUU.K,
r. F. I’CLSUER. Jr W. rUA»H*N.
JAMES LONGLKY.
Uaa pnrchawd. since the great Qre, theStnno tfrofi*
Building X£6 Archer «r.. junction of Tweut/-sec9ud
it., and nave resumed huiinee* In said building.
A flrst-clas* FIKK*J’ROL'f VAULT i*UMrI/com-
P Tha*COSIMEncrAL t*MN CO3IP V will tramaeta
SAVINGS well a* a GENERAL BANKING BUSI
NESS, sell Bill* of Exchange on New York. and lb?
principal cltir* of Europe. Ac.
LATER.
TtP Prairie State Loan and -Trust
COMPANY,
95 Wot Randolph. corner J.lT)rj.in..l.
Cains West sdd« institution. and banner it* fecuri
ties mi’Mlr on tLe West Side, did n<>isnff rbf thoSro.
aid i« doins buntm-ns a* umi.il at tlio oM aland. Ac*
counts of merchant*, nmniifnctitn r*, ana busiuea-i men
recfltcd on most faranilda too.?. £z:linn ra L*r tale
on NtVf Yotk) slid all the principal till®* of fciirr.no.
JAS. W. scoVILLF, President.
C. B MF.YER. Ctshlrr.
Notice.
BcmoiaU
It MUD A BP.ADLCr.
<U3v*pth Caaal'St.
NUMBER: 83.
BANKING;
SAVINGS BANE,
Located at 37 West M«(lliou«st.,
EnUrr tbe Sherman lisas*.
THE
Commercial Loan Co.
PREO.UTER, CmK
IOUUN WHEELER. Pro,.
TRUSTEES:-
TVH.MAN WtlKKI.Ktt
MILLIAM KNoKK.
Jl. D. BI'CHANAS.
C. CKObKHITK.
CONRAD GKIIRKC, TIO-S. BUCHANAN. Ja.
BACON WUFJSLKIC. U B MYKIt,
FKKD. MYEK.
Chjeaco, Oct. T?, Is7l.
Tie Kortlwestern National Bail
if tiair?actit„' bnsin«jj innl! aspects a* b«f»re :h-» dr»
u<
336 IVAE VSII AV
A7*<* rn NoTeiub-rl *t it- Branch OjJic**. LIND'S
BLOC K, ou-t end of Randolph at. bridge.
OK'*UOKSTI l*ro*i.Unt.
JoUN DEKOVCN. C -bier.
ISAAK IVOTICK,
Union National Bank,
513 W.UIASsII-A V
October UTI.
For liie ncei.tnni<vliiti«n f our Woet Side emtomor*
cr»r,rd the public we bare opened a Branch OlSc« of
IhU Uaid; la the '‘Star and Cre-o-ni Mills,*' at th*
r.csl end of Randolph ?t. bridge,which we abnllcon
linue until our now Bank BuiMinc. n.u Market and
Madison #ts., id ready r<*riH, uhiiliae bop? will bo la
thirty days. The usual faculties and act* mimo-latt-m*
extended to our customer*. Competent employe*,
aAfUted hr a portion of our Director*, wilt bo in at
fni'lance dming the usual hours at tbe Branch Ortlce.
\V. F. COOLBAUCn, Braaiihut.
C.T. WfIKKI.KIt, Vico pr.ni.
C. J. CONNELL, (Vdiur.
City National Bank,
NEW VAULT AND BURGLAR.PROOF SAVE.
Comer Washington and Clinlon-sts.
r«ur(2i National Uanlc,
<75 UAIIA.SII-AV
’AVu Jude Branch Northwest Corner of C*aal and
Washington-at*.
MANUFACTURERS’
National Bank
OTf' CHICAGO,
O 15 I W A BASIM V
CHICAGO, Oct. 33. ICI.
Manuf.»ctnrers’ Naii<>nsl 11 <utc la open for bn »i ness as
usual at <54 Wabash nv. Our neiv Vatilr. together wit!i
our Burglar-pronf s*af>*«, give* n« tin Imil'tod security Tor
ot;r took* and Talu.ihh-s. Tills Hunk will open a
BRANCH OFFHK ou the W.-at Side wl.hin few day*,
for the accommodation of it. p urou*. We take pleas
are in stating to onr custom-rs tint, after careful ex
amination of our assets, wo find that our losses will ait
i-.jiial our surplus fund, leavlcs our eapit il of io00,40>)
unlt.jured. Wo ant not only prepared to do the busi
ness of onr old costumers, hat shall l*» pleased to receive
the accounts of punies intending to commence business
in Chicago.
IP.A HOMIK*. Pre-idcnt,
IMAMS SILVERMAN CO,
BANKERS,
562 Wabash-av.,
Continue their business os usual, All de
posits payable on demand.
LAZ. SILVERMAN CO,
Germania Bank of Chicago.
Xd. 17 MIIAVACKEF. AVENUE.
The Germania Bank has established Its n*woni“» at
the above place, and is doing the regular bneioea* as
heretofore.
Old Accounts are liberally settled and new »cr-»tiat>
opened in Itie customary way.
C. KNOBELSEHJUF.
W. J. HA£iltSß..Cabbi-7.
The Marine Company, of Chicago,
J. V. scammon,
Win for the present occupy office
NO. SSI COTTAGE GROYE-AY.
As soon as ranlf# are built, the a bore-named b-tnk will
mm to the corner of C«ner «s-st. and Micbi«ar>-av.,
which place it will occupy until, the old site Is rebuilt.
Meclmmcs’ National Bani,
Xo. 37 SIXTJEENTH-ST,
CORNER IXDIANA-A V
Cushman Hardin,
BANKERS.
Have resumed business at No. Michigan a*-, and
are prepared to ra*-ei all detn.vul* in full. I l c*p>>.its
nceiu-d, and our regular hanking l>u»ine*s tramact
cd as usual. Accounts of merchants and country
hankers will bare special attention. For the accom
modation of our Went Side friend* and customers we
hareopened a branch office at No. lo Canal at., ;u»t
north of Randolph at.
WESTERN
Bank Note and Eug raring Co.,
>0 North J«?flfr»on*4L,
Steel Plate Kncravin* and Lithography. En;r.»»e4
ewaiUMCcUl work carefully and beaotnuilr sx'-ciioi.
CllAft, KSICKKSCOCKEB. SwTy.
I*. c, CHENEY. Treasurer.
THE-
mt SAVIHGSIMWM
n»« a temporary office at
XO. 58» AVABASH-.VV.,
And will remove latt of tCaTembor to aew Uo<.k
lag built on Uedlioo st„ bKwetn dlarket iku<l the
river. where they will b* Imiel ntil they eaa,erect a
FIEE-PKOOK DANK BUILDING oo the old aite. 9> and
62 LaSalle «r.
Cook Oouutj National Bank,
Of Chicago,
5M WABASH AVKKCZ.
PavlicuUraUrntlea given to collection*.! and preyed*
proaitly remitted at the current rate ef 'exchaojo, on
oar of payment. Account* of merchant*. country
banka and bankers solicited. Bills of exchange. in
large or small amoonts, on London, Dahlia, Paris, Iter*
lln. and ih*principal cities ollnrape.
STEAM
FIRE PROOF SAFES.
Those interested in obtaining
the best FIRE PROOF SAFE are
invited to examine this truly won*
derful, yet simple, invention. A
stock of these safes will be re*
ceived in a few day s.
AM. STEAM SAFE *OO.,
Warcroom 53 South t'uaul-.t
INSURANCE. 1
fire and Mine
iHSDRAUCE COMPANY
DETROIT, MICK
Present Your Claims iV Ad
justment.
All persons sustaining loss or
damage by the late fire under pol
icies issued by this Company,
will please present the same at
Room No. 15, Clifton House, cor.
West Washington andi Halsted
sts., where all needful inform
ation will be furnished, and proofs
of loss prepared without cost to
the assured. Bringyour policies.
SARDIS ALLEN,
Gen’l Agent and Adjuster.
Proofs of Loss.
Tbe cnderilcne I. having bad ample experianee in tha
Inauraoce bminesi, »a<] in preparing proof* of losa. and
ia the of the same. :a prepared to give all
atcewarr ia'oimatioa, and prepare proof* of tat* at
moderate rater, at Room I.*. Clifton Uou»-.*, corner Watl
Washington ana Ualtted-ite.
KD. I'. \LDEK..
Insurance Aj*at andAdjuiter.
INSURANCE
Agency of
O. W. Barrett fc Co
CONTINENTAL
INSTOAKCE GOMAHT,
OP SEW YORK.
Capital Increased to
Asucli over After
pjiylng logics by the recent Are.
Ri.«lc* accepted and policies
written at fair rate* by
0. W. Barrett Co., Agents,
393 IVABASH AV
Merwrilers’ Agency,
OF \EW YORK.
Gash Assets, after paying Chicago Losses,
$2,500,000.
We are paying losses iip full as fast
adjusted,- by Sight Drafts oc.New York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 Stmili Canal-si.,
SECOND FLOCK.
FSRE INSURANCE
Bisks written- an Dwellings ami ether prop
erty, at the Local Offices.
63 South t’anal-St,, 3d floor, and 17>
AVabash-ar.
OGDEN. SHELDON SCBDD2R,
NOTICE.
orricj;
Merchants’ Ins, Com’y,
204 West Eaudolph-st,
MAMJMf :%m.l»IN',
All ttr<■ wlm. Miffr-l by :l. r t Mr* us
dcr ynjjt by lh<* Inof Chi-
fogo. aro htn I y fr-auesled lo rrmeut lh-ir proofs t<» aa*
■9 scon a* praelfcnt-le.
The etaleoieot of this Covpftnjt wd! l>« u; ils up.
when the pul-lie will he duly *dviv*d,
M -H. K. RUU.O. S*-r.
Chicago Fire, Home Mutual, American
Exchange anfiT’ammcrce
rniß issritASci; companies.
All persons holding policies lo either of the above
ci tupauics. and h:iv|Qß suffered to«s by tire, will pleas,.
In bring Ihetr t-roofi of lose fir adjustment, lo Room 0,
Best Mndisea street. Those holding policies iu
either of theaU-ve compMilM. niut who atm uot suffer*
i-»e Ly the lire, will brlngfhfdr p«dlclos In for ranc-ll.i
n. A. K. M CUl'llV, Secretary and Adjuster,
thir.ieo. Oct, 17. J«7I.
FIRE LOSSES PROMPTLY ADIISTEW
And proof* made by the undersigned. at 70 Canal
Sir.-it. MAMiid llooi.
ITtAMC IV ITMIEIt, SI
Notary I üblio and Adjuster.
Ocriili-iilsil Fire Insurance Co.,
Of Sin Francio. Cal.
A. C: GRKKNKBAI.M. *g-nf.
Ofllrp, AG 'Vcat Randolph st., up
I’nriu« having claims acain-d ttv Occidental will
pleas** prr—r.t them as vo«a as possible.
Tlie [Anchor Life Imnmncc Co’y
Have restored lo
ROOM C. NO. Ico WARAsH-AV
Where policy-holders 'are redceetiil (o call add learn
si.niciMng ip tl.eir mlvantngn.
THE UNITED STATES
Pipe Protecting
Hoofing €o.
Capital .n.u,Jsoo,oflfl.
Office, 101 West Washiaglon-st,
Works, 161 anil 166 West Monroe-st.
Are now ptepared to contract fir
ROOkFIEffG,
And die sal<* of all kinds of HOOTING MATERIAL '.s
mor- favorable terms THAN ANY OTHER flOlksK
in Chicago. The Roofing wa now ofior to the public
ia thoroughly fire and water-proof, and known as the
SWEET, DJiIIPS TUK CO.
5!) 61 West Wasliington-st.
Hats, Caps and Furs*
BUCK GLOVES, &c.
am. mrif x rcn. ntocu.
Hotel Lease
FURimmE FOK SALE.
The lease, running three ami one-half years, of ilt»
RLEMS 3I)C»E, oa. aortlieaat corner of Canal aa4
Weil Randolph sta., at a Terr tow rent.
]t is aUo very bailable tor business offices. Apjdy t*
W. H. FRANCIS,
330 West Randolph-**.
EMTEOTffIEXT.
TU3: AS»HVUX LITE INSURANCE COiIP.\ST OP
SEW TOBK.
offers pVwaaat and remnotiatire craploymaat
selic and Tillable men, Ue wish I™ _
number o* tnen at Once, to art as ug«t»t* la th*
city ol CUloaso. We c*n accommodate thorn also won
prrfrt to work In the country. The A»!"i ry
popnlar'conjpanr. and person* of iar
the winter will do well to cite us a call,
rrtcrrnec* rrualrvl In nil ca»ej. Nonliwebwrn OvpXtt.
Sf H,VRtAY.S^:r«.rr.B
11. H. I.AMPr.R-'t»N\SHpt. of Agrucies^
UOISK FOR KEXT AXD KCUXITI-RK FOB
SALE AT KESWOOD-lUII ST.
Anew bouteofeicUt c«.mi for rent, and faraitur-roc
sale cheap, near corner of Potty-veTenth at. and W®'
dalsar Cood well water uu the promta*. Forpar-
UcuUri Inqime a* J\'HN SIIUULKTUN o. Calhoun
place, nearrlate at.
WANTED TO LEASE,
For frm of f'*f. IWI r, «Jf llT’lSi.
I'riiTsonU ami *K*>ut» wi.l rle,.*.* a*lJfee«. with f**L
dOicf.pt;;.n,soriua t V.-., 1> t G,” Xubuoe 9»c0...
31,000,000.