4
j|ribmtc.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 7, 1871.
Term* ®f Subscription*
rATAULL IN ADVANCE:
Pally Edition, per year, by mail
TnAVcekly Edition. per year, by maii
bunday E«mion, i-vrymr, by suit
Weekly Kdliior, j-er year. by mail.
Part* of year at the same rate.
*l\) pn,n uii delay aud mistakes, bo sure and Rive Post
Office addraw iu full. Including State and county.
Postmaster* are allowed 10 per cent commission on
yearly subscription*.
Remittance* may bo made either by draft, express,
post Office order, or In registered letter*, at our risk.
TEWIS TO Cl TV bf CoCCI Wilt*;
I>aUy. delivered, Sunday excepted, 23 cent* per week.
I>atlr delivered, Sunday included,» cents per week.
Addma THE TRIBUNE COMPAQ.
Ho. 15 Canal-sL, Clucapo, 111.
UNION nominations.
JFirc-Preef Ticket for City and County
Officer*,
Jostles of tli» Bopwns Coart—John A- Jameijoa.
JndireofW Circuit Court—Lambert Tree.
H. Rwy.
County sorrrjrir—Alexander W olcott.
police Commbwloner—Jacob Rohm,
ynue Senator—Artemi* Carter.
Comity Ceuniw!»nrr«.
M. C. Stearns, Man col Talnott,
Christian Wahl. Carter H. Harrt«on,
John Jones, Joseph Harris.
Charlm Hitchcock, JTwmc Xonerpaa,
D. O.Skellr. JuMbs White.
jobn Crawford. John Herting,
tt Pmhlmsa. Wunnel Ashton.
j. ix. rumnuu*. Joscj)b
City Officer*.
Mayor—Joseph Mrdlll
Treasurer— v. A. Osge.
collector—ocorps Von Rouen.
Attorney—lsrael N. Slilet
Ctsit Police court—C. B- Matson.
Police MsdsCcatos—John SununenUSa,
p. T. Sherlock,
w. 1L Stlckney.
Aldermen,
IJfarAu W’ardH,
1. Chsnnccy T. Bowen. 2L Henry Bwcot>
2. Arthur IHmn. 12. Conroe Heath.
a. John W. McGiuneoA. 13. Ooorgo W, bherwood.
4 J JLMcAroy. JL Ezra Cleveland.
t id it stone. T 15. J. Vant W’oud.
C. mi lip Beady. JC. Jhoa. btput.
7. WTUUm-Rawlelph. 17. Qootgo A. MUetL
f. j. ciowry. IS. Owen McCarthy,
v, jamM McMullen. 19. Mahlon D. Ogden.
10. L. L. Bond. so. Charles L. Woouiuan.
CoaiMblei,
Ward*. Wards,
i. Tbomafl pool. M. Frederick Zsehocko.
Kdirsrd Wiley. 12. Joseph Wilson.
а, F. C. VlMling. 13. Albrtt P. HUL
4. J. Blodrct U. Martin McCnns.
б. C. O. Mcleon. 15. K F. Christian.
6. niillp ConueUy. 18. John H. Roberts.
7. John Dnrkia. 17. LuuisUercki.
K. Matthew Fleming. li Thomas McMahon.
<i William Murphy. 19. H. M. Plotke.
10. Joel Lull. 20. Michael Macaulcy.
Town Officers,
Collectors West Kids—Dominick Kluetsch,
North Hide—B. B, Walsh,
sonth Hide—John W. Tarpon.
Side—Henry PUxjnm.
North Hlflo—P«t«rMahr.
Bmith Bide—B. IxHsweuthtL
Town Clerktr—Woet Bids— M. M. MiUor.
North Blde—John J. Ileolr.
Nortli Bide—Louis Bple-gel.
TO-DAY,
When the flames raged throughout ths
city, and the walls of our warehouses and
homes wen* toppling to the ground, it was
the natural impulse of every one to snatch
whatever he could of personal possessions
and rescue ii from the general ruin. When
the water failed and the Fire Department be
came powerless, and there was great danger
from incendiaries, everybody who had any
property, or who felt any devotion to the
public good, was willing to turn out and give
n night, or any number of nights, to watching
for thieves ami incendiaries. It was a duty
which we all embraced, not only willingly
but eagerly, to defend our city—such of it as
we had left— fioiu the villains and cut
throats whom wc believed to be prowling
around with bo-tile intent.
Dangers analogous to those described are
now threatening the cify. There are rob
bers who are now scheming to obtain, under
rover of law, a share of the poor remainder
of the city's funds and to avail themselves
the present emergency to fill their pockets
with the peoples money. They have or
pani/od themselves into a band which they
t all the People's Ticket,” or something Uko
that, for the purpose of seizing and adminis
tering the city and county finances. But a
few years of such administration would be
fully as bad for the public interests as a sup
plementary fire would have been lu that anx
ious week following our great conflagra
tion.
A day's vigilance on the part of onr patri
otic citizens will prevent any such disaster.
The day when this effort must bo made is
now. Instead of nights of patrolling, musket
hi hand, a day’s faithful service at tho polls
is all that is now required of tho citizen.
Sucli as have voters in their employ should
also give them tin* day for voting. There is
no doubt that they will vote right, for no one
wants to vote for the hummers’ ticket
except persona of tho scallawag profession,
or those who arc ignorant enough to bo de
ceived by the appeals of Holden's dema
gogues. Those, fortunately', are not numer
ous enough to carry the day against the Fire-
I’roof ticket, if business men trill only ium out
end pet their friend* out. *Let us save what vre
can out of tho flames. Let us not allow the
thieve® to get what the firo has left us.
OO TO THE POLLS.
1/Ot every business man in Chicago make it
his first duly to so to the polls early this
morning, and not leave them until he has de
posited his ballot. The immediate revival of
business depends on the spirit shown to-day
hy tho business men «f this city. Could Chi
cago to-day give a unanimous vote for tho
Union ticket. Its effect upon our credit abroad
would be electrical. Mol a doubt would ex~i
ist anywhere, nor would there be the least
hesitation in extending to us all the credit
we need. The hungry spoU-huutcrs. however,
will rally their adherents at the polls to-day
in order to grasp what little Ls left to us, and
therefore it becomes the duty of tho whole
people to turn out and secure the city and her
credit from the second and more complete de
struction which is threatened.
WTAV AT THE POLLS.
Every man whose selfish instincts lead him
to vote for the Holden ticket will be at the
polls to-day. and will labor with unremitting
zeal to elect himself and his friends. Wo ear
nestly appeal to the business men of Chicago
to go the polls and to stay there. They will bo
wanted to identify those of their own number
who are not registered; but their very pres
ence, showing their determination to defend
the city against its enemies, will have a most
beneficial effect upon the scallawag class. Lot
every man understand-that the best day's
business ever done in Chicago, will bo the
election of the Union Fire-Proof ticket, and
JM him give Ids services as bis contribu
tion to this day’s transactions, the effects of
which are to last forever.
to ten wo NPI.IT ticket.
Every candidate ou the .Holden ticket,
knotting its weakness, will endeavor to-day
to save him*clf by means of split ticket*.
Each is prepared to sell out the other, and
consequently will have tho Union Firo-proof
ticket with hi* oun name ou it. The best
way to avoid all mistakes is to vote tho Fire-
Proof ticket exactly a* it stands. Examine
tickets bcf»»v»* voting, and see that they have
nut been ali« n d or bummer names inserted.
lIOLDEK AW A MTAB CHA3IBEB-
LAIN.
A word concerning Star Chambers, since
the Horehrndn of the Schintz-Uoldeu clique
have been fo lond*montbed upon that sub
ject. These political wreckers saw at once
that they could not make any points against
the Union l'ire*Proof ticket, founded on the
merits or demerits of tho candidates. They
t»rtw that tho Fire-Proof ticket was the best
one ever submitted to the suffrages of the
people of Chicago. They saw also that tho
ooroheads whom it became necessary to pro
vide with places upon their ticket would
prove decidedly objectionable to the people,
on account of their public record mid private
character. They .therefore determined to
raise all the hue and cry possible by dubbing
the citizens’ movement toward a virtuous gov
ernment a “Star-Chamber w affair. Let ns boo
tv bore and to whom this epithet best applies.
In the making up of tho Pire-Proof ticket,
the initial steps wore taken by the regularly
constituted authorities of both political par
ties of Cook. County, acting under a grave
feonso of tho responsibilities to the common
veal in a time of emcrgency.like tho. pres
hot. Tho deliberations of such committees,
sitting separately, wore open to Mr. Holden,
or any other citizen who had suggestions to
offer. Infact .they were attended, from'dayf
largo- numbers of citizens, (too
many, probably, to suit the purposes of‘the
soreheads), aud tho proceedings went bn with
such careful deliberation that they extended
tlirough several days. The public wore duly
informed, from day to day, of the full pro
ceedings, and it is a well-known fact Uiat
the two weak names upon the BepuV
lican part of tho ticket were removed
in deference to recognized public sentiment;
the object being to nominate candidates of
such character that absolutely no objection
could •be made to them from any source.
(These objectionable ones* it may be added*
afterwards crowded themselves upon the
sorehead ticket.) Then the candidate* were
subjected to another sifting process, when
each constituency of the nominating power
was allowed to object to any of tho candi
dates proposed by the other, uud all who were
not fire-proof were thrown away among the
soreheads, where was wiping, aud wailing,
and gnashing of teeth. It is apparent to all
that no list of candidates was ever subjected
to any-such severe aud public scrutiny before
being formally nominated as this Fire-Proof
ticket has been.
AOO

2.00
So much for the charge that the sponta
neous rally of citizens for a virtuous govern
ment is of the nature of a Star-Chamber pro
ceeding. Lot ns sec now what title Bose
Holden has earned to declaim about Star-
Chambers.”
Four years ago, when the bummer class,
which Holden now leads, had ‘got control of
tho County Conventions (as they would have
done this year but for the timely action of
committees), there was a strictly Star-Cham
ber organization formed, consisting of a very
small number of persons, sitting in a room
entirely private but when, in spite of Hol
den’s support;' and in epito of everything
else, that ticket was elected, Mr, Holden was
the man who, from tho platform of Farwell
Hull, read aloud, with unction, the returns as
they came in, indicatingthat the “Star-Cham
ber” movement had succeeded. Mr. Alderman
Holden did not seem to have any compunc
tions about Star-Chambers” then:
A year ago, Mr. Holden-was a candidate for
Alderman before one or both of the political
conventions of tho Tenth Ward, and when
both conventions refused to nominate him.
Mr. Holden immediately organized the
smallest, and darkest, and altogether the most
private Star Chamber” ever known to po
litical chicanery. This Star Chamber of
Alderman Holden’s consisted of just one man,
to-wit, Alderman Holden himself. This
Star Chamber” immediately nominated Hr.
Bolden for Alderman, and elected him by. the
expenditure, of several thousand dollars bn
election day, but a small portion, of which
went to the brass bands employed for the
occasion.
From this.lt is evident that Alderman
Holden’s idea of a a Star Chamber” is any,
convention or Drganizatxou which docs not*
provide the Holden family with otftcos
enough to go around.
cirvo,
Kvidontly, the man who, of all those upon
the Soreheads’ and Bummers' ticket, is es
teemed ns the most valuable to the proprie
tors of that ticket is Mr. Fritz Guild, the Fire
Commissioner, under whose able administra
tion Chicago burned up. Mr. Ouud, who. it
seems, has some spark of pride left in him,
would fain he off the S. and B. ticket: but, as
often as ho pops ofl. Mi*. Holden’s committee
insist upon popping him on again. Mr. Gund
is a candidate of uuprcccdently numerous
vicissitudes. First, he was on the Fire-Proof
ticket at his own desire; then he wasotThy
public request then he was on the yore
heads’ ticket, or the slate which
himself. Ham and Holden made
out; then he was oil* that ticket
owing to the superior strategy of Ilartuug
then lie was on it. owing to somebody’s mo
tion for a new deal; then ho was off it by his
own action, he having, as he stated in his
published can!, “reflected ”npou the subject,
and concluded that after such a calamity as
we have recently endured*’it was his duty
uottondd to that calamity by running for
Fire Commissioner. Then he was on again,
at-o’clock in the morning, owing doubtless
to a peremptory demand of Montgomery,
Schiutz. or Holden.
Gund was cither on or ofl’ at the latent ac
counts—we will not undertake to say which;
for he is the moat ou-nnd-offivmu that over
struggled foroflice in Chicago after a great
lire.
I.OOK TO TIIK AI.VKRnEN.
Voters of the First Ward ahould see that
Chauucey T. Bowen receives at least six out
of every sown votes polled in that district.
Mr. Bowen has a large interest in that ward.
He has expended many thousands upon its
improvement, which have been lost, and is
prepared to double his former stake. It
would be a criminal reproach to that ward If
he should bo defeated by* Jacob Becker.
The candidates for Aldermen in the Third
Ward art* John W. McGiuuiss, a respectable,
well-known citizen, President of the Illinois
Stone-Dressing Company, iHMxonally inter
ested in the welfare aud credit of Chicago,
ilo is opjHjsed by the notorions J. A. Mont
gomery ami A. Ik Shelton, a colored detec
tive. Can the respectable voters o£ that pop
ulous district hesitate as to the selection to
be made? Will they not endeavor to-day to
relieve themselves of the disgrace they have
sustained for two years in their Aldcrmauic
representation?
The man’ Tracey, who now represents the
Sixth Ward in the Hoard of Aldermen, claims
that ho cannot be -beaten, but wo have an
abiding faith that his record is a little more
than any intelligent people can emlnro
Tracey’s desire to hold an office which has no
legal compensation is intense, but the voters
'of that ward ought not to let him become
richer or poorer by taking any more of his
time on official services.
In the Ninth Ward the candidates for
Aldermen are drums McMullen, Jr., Fire-
Proof, George Powell, sorehead, and present
incumbcnt.aml Patrick Rafferty, independent.
Rafferty was Alderman for several years be
fore the last redistricting of wants, and has
bad considerable experience, and is infinitely
a better man for the place than Powell.
Powell is one of the nineteen men who voted
for Sam Walker's SIOO,OOO addition to Union
Park, and for tho other notorious jobs. Mr.
McMullen is a native of Chicago, reared with
in a few blocks of his present residence, has
never sought an office, hears a high character
as a merchant and a citizen. l£s election
would, in a peculiar manner, be a return to
the original theory that honesty aud compe
tency are requisites for a faithful discharge
of official duty. Tho voters of tho Ninth
ought to give him 1.000 majority.
In the Tenth Ward the Holdcnitea are van
ning for Alderman Alonzo Snider. A few
years ago, when Snider sought the Republi
can nomination against Holden, the latter
got out a hand-bill with the caption, Have
youseen my 3og Snider?” It would aecm
that Holden has found what he was looking
for. Let voters drop Holden and Snider
both, and elect L. L. Bond.
In tbe Eleventh Ward the notorious Janies
Walsh is a candidate for re-election to »h*
Council. It necessary to say that
there was never a dishonest act of legislation
defeated hy Walsh’s rote. Ho voted for
things which even McCauley and McGrath
dodged. Are there not voters enough in that
ward to defeat this man and elect Henry
Sweet Has the ward become nothing more
than one of Walsh’s saloons, to be governed
and controlled by him and his barkeepers!
Alderman Campbell is a member of the
Legislature, at a salary not equal to his board
bilk Why should the voters of tbe Thir
teenth Ward impoverish him still farther by
forcing him to servo inftho Common Council,
where no honest man can earn enough to pay
bis car fare Mr, Campbell has served Ids
ward two years, and now holds an elective
office, audit is an insult to his constituents
to assume that he is the only man in that
ward fit to represent them. Vole for Shor
v nod; let Campbell be free to give all his
time to the Legislature,
Ofrqu McCarthy is the Fire-Union candi-
the Eighteenth Ward.
Ho.wan old and reputable citizen, a property
bolder and long eiporiencd in public affaire.
No mwof Pat habit, and taatoa Is
nt to be an Alderman at this crisis.
The voters of tho Nineteenth Ward have to
choose as Alderman Mahlon D. Ogden, or the
notorious James McCauley. Tho character
and fitness of tho persons named on tbe two
tickets is aptly illustrated by these two gen
tlemen.'Will the people of the Nineteenth
Ward permit the bummers and roughs of that
portion of tho city to jlefeat Ogden and elect
McCauley I
The Common Council is not an sdylom for
Inebriates. It does no good to elect a drink
ing ra^ 1 to that board under the expectation
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1871.
that ho will reform bis habits. Tho present
board contains several members who per
sonally illustrate the fact that the Council is.
a complete failure ns a 'Washingtonian
Homo. Jt is therefore cruelty for the people
of any ward to send any of these victims
back fu the Board of Aldermen.
NATIONAL GROWTH.
Tin- NVw York Tribune publishes an esti-
Imatc of Yhc probable population of the
I.'mud in isSO, and makes the total
40,000.0011, tin increase of about ll,ftX\ooo, or 30
pci emt. In this list the population of tho
largerSlatcs is estimated: Now York, 5,000,-
000; Pennsylvania, 4,200,000; Illinois, 8,200,-
000; Ohio. 3,100,000; Missouri, 2,-500,000; Indi
ana; 2,200,000; or, in the aggregate, 00,200,000.
The Philadelphia Sorth American, in specu
lating as tothe possible causes that may re
tard this growth, strangely refers to tho
“danger” that tho steamship lines entering
the St. Lawrence River will transfer the Eu
ropean immigration direct to the West, and,
also, establish direct trade between tho West
ern States and Europe. If this diversion of
trade be successful, tho Sorth American insists
that oar-national growth will be slower.”
There is no explanation of the process of rea
soningby which such a conclusion broached.
Seventy-five years ago it was claimed
that tho transfer of ocean commerce from
Philadelphia to New York, would arrest natu
ral progress, and now the transfer to Chicago
of a portion of the foreign commerce-' of the
country has become a necessity, and instead
of retarding will greatly promoteiho growth
of tho country. The transfer of .that com
merce to our own port will reduce the cost of
handling not only the export bat the import.
we shall dispense; with an army of interme
diates, reduce the cost of ocean and inland
transportation,- ahd-erery dollar' thus" saved
will bo added to the profit of our producers.
They' will getxnore money for what they sell,
and get inoro goods in'exchange for tho same
‘amount of money. When to this advantage
is added a repeal of all duties not levied for
revenue, the Great West .will not only' be
come more productive, but will he tho vury'
place to which European immigrants ought
to come by the m6st direct route.
AVheu the lire had dwtrojed the accumu
lated millions o£ property, and what waa loft
was I yihgiri vaults and safes amid the ruins,
or exposed jn .tho .wooden, buildings of -other
parts of the city, the hearts o£ the people
were relieved when :i small force of regular
troops were ordered here to meet the regi
mentsof thieves and robbers who had flocked
from all parts of the country to plunder onr
suffering people.
Chicago is threatened to-day with a similar
invasion. Thougli these domestic foes may
not threaten bank safes, nor warehouses, nor
private dwellings, they have but one object
in view, and that is to divide the siwils of the
City Treasury—to levy taxes to bo expended
by themselves Let these men be met to-day
at the jHtlls by a full turn-out of onr mer
chants. traders, builders, mechanics, manu
facturers, workingmen, and all others inter
ested in the preservation of Iho city, the ro-cs
tabUshmont of her credit, and tlus election
of flu honest and competent city government.
TLc Hoard of Trade have adjourned
over to-day to attend tho election
This is a noble example. It should
bo imitated by all the business met'
of the city. If all those who have a propejiy
interest in Chicago will gototliepollsto-day
the bummer ticket will be defeated by ter
thousand majority.
nn: southwest.
1U.15015.
Simeon MlUburgher, of Galesburg, while dig
ging in his yard, the other day, discovered a etra
-1 mu of mica.
—Mr. Charles A. Austin, for many years propri
etor of the Auburn House, at Joliet, died of con
sumption on the 2.*tU ult.
—A few days since a little child, 3 years old, be
longing ton widow liuly named Dean, living lu
Peoria, swallowed tho contents of a boltlo of
laudanum. In her absence, and died lu a short
time. j
—The Jonesboro Gazette says tho engineers of
the Cairo si. Louts imilroad surveyed throe
routes through that town, and were working In
the vicinity of Murpyaboro at last accounts.
—Mr. James Allen, who resides near Marietta,
had tho sight of his right eye destroyed, a short
time ago, by being struck in tho eye by a grain of
wheat while ho was engaged at a threshing ma
chine.
—George Brown, son of Mr. Joseph Brown, IP
ingfowrmilos cast of Georgetown, was killed by
a full from a horr-e. a few days ago.
—Tho.City Council of Jacksonville has recon-
sidered Us recent action In reference to tho con
struction of waterworks In that city, andhas au
thorized the Board of Water Commissioners to
commence the construction of the works immedi
ately.
—Henry Hnller and Elizabeth Holler were ar
rested at Sbelhyvillc. on the 2d hist., lor causing
the death! of their step-daughter, Amanda Haller,
by neglect aud cruel treatment. The evidence
showed that the-child was beaten terribly and
kept in a starving condition until she died.' The
inhuman parents were held for trial.
IOWA.
Among some railroad bridge-burners recently
arrested Jin Appanoose County, were two minis,
tors, the Kev. Spangler, aud Kev. Joe lUnsaldj tho
latter of whom was Captain of the gang.
—On tho Ist Inst., Elijah Chit later, of Littleton.
Buchanan Count}*, was killed by tho accidental
discharge of Ids gun, while out bunting. He
leaves u wife and three children in poor circum
stances.
—The Hon. William Loughridge, after six years
on the District-Bench and four years In Congress
has again opened a law-oftico in Oskaloosa.
—A Gorman laborer, named Henry Smith, com
mitted suicide on tho Ist lust, by shooting him
self. He had, while seated la a chair, taken a
musket, which was loaded with bnck&hot, placed
the muzzle in bis mouth, and pulled, tho trigger
with his toe. The whole Torre of the discharge
was received in his brain, and It was scattered In
fragments about the i>l:»ce.
—Mrs. D. T. Newcomb, of Hamburg, has balli
a handsome chapel in memory of her husband.
l The Hon. John A. Kasson, of Dea Moines, h;i3
Just returned from Europe.
—Washington County has eighty families of the
“Memioaitc" religious persuasion. They are
Hollanders.
—Ex-Governors Lowe, Kirkwood, and Stone,
together with Governor Merrill, who are all so
journing at Des Moines, armed themselves with
musical Instruments, and serenaded Colonel Car
penter,. Governor elect. la*t Wednesday evening.
—The Atlantic Tetegraph ’thus presume* to
speak for the women of Caw* County: “So far as
we know, there Is not a woman in Cass County
w ho cares a straw about the female suffrage busi
ness, which seems to concern so many women
elsewhere. Tho fact that the Increase of children
In the county in the last year was over four hun
dred and fifty way explain tho reason why-they
don't care to vote.—being otherwise employed."
WISCONSIN.
Oshkosh sayMhat Fond du Lac has the small
pox. whereupon Fonddu Lac declares Oshkosh to
be n liar.
—Tbe Me nominee ZftrnM say* of Wenekaonec:
“Our neighbors across the river are pushing
thoir Wn«*t aWJ *-nll,iull,». XUo ivuiiiiUl)’ luto
a More building and office erected 2ix52, with a
wing 12x20. n blacksmith shop 20x40. a bam saxlOO.
mil other buildings arc on the tapis. A party of
men arc at work clearing up tho debris of tbo old
mill; a port lon of the timber is ont for the new
mill, and farming will commence next week.”
INDIANA.
Mary Weilor, an orphan girt, living at Evans*
ville. whs so frightfully burned by the explosion
of a eoll-otl lamp, a few days since, that her life la
de»*ruired of.
xcnmsOTA.
Mr. John RhortaU. a saloon-keeper atStillwater.
lost one of his eyes recently by tho bursting of a
bottle of pop.
KBWUSKX.
—Tbe non. Charles Bliss, of Freeport, Maine,
died of hemorrhage of the longs, on
the 2d Inst.
onto,
At a church wedding in Hamilton, recently, a
fee of 46 oonU for each guest was collected at the
door to raise a fund that would start the young
couple In life.
—B. F. Randolph, who has been confined in the
Delaware County Jail for some months for the al
leged crime of murdering bis wife, attempted to
commit suicide about U o'clock on the night of tho
2d. Tho instrument used ft accomplish his pur
pose w as a common penknife, given him by one of
the Tbe' physician says his wounds
will prove fata). He confesses that he murdered
his wife by strangulation.
KSVJLDJU
A'. C. Chapman, late cleric of the Water Com
pany in Hamilton, Nevada, died.oa the ttth.'from
(he effects of laudanum, taken in mistake on the
previous night for black draught
The hVtr Mexican, published at Bants Pc,
S&ya that the campaign now being carried on
by General Crook against the 'Apaches prom
lee* to reduce them to a'etstoof thorough suh
la Arlxooa, If be ts allowed .to prosecute
it untrammelled. He has already secured the aid
o! powerful ally In the ofrt** ©f ©a© of the bands
of the Apache nation.
—A ci;y’*out in Nevada, called Bob-Tailed
Gulch, lias seven dwelling houses and thirty-seven
saloons. There Is talk of tearing down some of
the houses to make more room.
ajLILKOADS.
The Grand Rapids it Soglnaw Railroad Com
pany (of Michigan) have changed their route by
ranking directly from Klddvillc to Ithaca, the
county-scut of Oratoit County, and theuce to Sag
inaw.
—Work on tho railroad bridge over the Missouri
River at Bt. Joseph I* progressing satisfactorily.
The Kansas shore Is piled high kith stone, timber
uod machinery.
—Tho LawrcnccftKan.) Jourunlot the 3d gays:
“It Is rumored on the street, we know not with
how much truth, tint George Xolilc, Em<i„ Assist
ant Superintendent of the Kansas Pacific Rail
way, is about to take the position of Superin-
tcndenlof the Kansas Central Railway. This is
the proposed narrow-gauge road from Lcaven
worth west.”
—Trains now run from Atchison, Kan., to Table
Rock.Hcb., and before the season closes they will
run to Tccumseb, V 0 miles from Atchison.
—The Fort Scott it Allen County and the Fort
Scott, Humboldt, A Fucitlc Railroad Companies
have consolidated, under the title of thd Fort
Scott, Humboldt, it Western Railroad.
—Tho consolidation of railway interests, wldch
has latterly been In vogue In this country, has
Como into practice in the United Kingdom, where,
within a short time, the London Northwestern
and tho Lancashire A Yorkshire—two companies
which hold about one-seventh of the railway capi
tal of Great Britain—have been consolidated with
nearly ♦6OO r 0O0,0O0„capllaL
—Woek upon the Omaha «t Southwestern Rail
road is in progress to Blue Springs, In tho valley
oftbcßlgßlue. Tho company propose to build
right down the valley to Jlanhattnn.
—The proposition of the Port Huron it Lake
Michigan Railroad, and of residents of Port
Huron and Lapeer, to build the road from Lapeer
to Buy City, Mich., within twelve months, pro
vided $120,000 was raised between Lapeer and Bay
City, having expired by limitation, has not been
renewed.
—A plan has been proposed for transferring
steamers and ships by railway overland from one
body of water to another, which has been en
dorsed as practicable by V. I*. Hanscom, United
States Naval Constructor, nud others. The
plan is to employ an ordinary floating dock to
nil.ee the vessel and place It on a cradle-bed which
stands on tracks, Whcn’tbe water b pumped out
of the dock, und the whole is lifted to the proper
grade, n locomotive if attached wuL.thc~ve*sel Is
hnnlcd uwny, like any other load. The road over
which this transportation Is to take place is to be
from 40 to CO feet wide, with* eight or more rails,
llio rood l»cd to be capable of sustaining any
weight. Mr. Uanscom thinks such a railway, with
dock?, etc., 37 miles across tho Isthmus of Pana
ma, could he built for 122,000.000, while a canal.
with the necessary locks and basins, would cost
eight times that sum, and more.
PERSONAL.
Tlie widow of Admiral Poarsob tiled at Ports
mouth on the 2d last. Bhe was a sister of the
lato Admiral Surer.
—The Rev. W. R. Alger, the noted Boston Uni
tarian clergyman, bus become hopelessly Insane.
—Tliad. Stevens* old houicutead at Lancaster,
l»n.. Is to be sold at auction, this week.
E—Miss Kellogg has {Started _for a season of fifty
nights In California, for which she gets SJO,oOO and
her bread ami butter.
—Cakobau is the new King of the Fcejee Islands.
Borne \oung Australian settlors form hisMlulstry.
and the proclamations hi the new government ga
zette are headed in British style, Cakobau R.*’
-A Miss Biel, of Richmond, Virginia, who waa
in Europe. during the late Franoo-Prujsian war,
revived a few days ago, from the Emperor of
Germany, a splendid cross of honor, In recogni
tion of the services rendered by her to sick
and wounded soldiers.
—l.nio advices from India announce the capture
of Moul vie Llukat All. one of the most noted chiefs
of the Sepoy rebellion of is,' 7. .Since tho rebellion
wa.-Mippres-ed, Mmdvie has been wandering up
ami douii the country, preaching hostility to the
British.
—Tlie elm* which rc-uder to bountiful the city of
New Haven were mostly planted by Mr. Millhuusc,
the Connecticut Senator. lie is said to have
dressed like an Indian, mid to have always hurt on
his desk in the UuitcdStateo Semite the tomahawk
of u savage.-
—A new style of surgery is in vogna In Ver
mont. The Montpelier Ar/jus says: “Wednesday
of the week l»efore last a daughter of Mr. Allard,
of St. Jphnsbury, had her tongue split so badly
that It had to lw sewed up by falling from a
fence,”
—Charles Francis Adame. John Quincy Adams.
Edward Atkinson, George Bancroft, Ralph Waldo
Emerson, William Lloyd Garrison, Longfellow,
Sumner, and Whipple art members of the Cobden
Club, London.
—Justin McCarthy writes to the New York J foil
that John Bright is ns woll as he ever was. and
will remain so as long as he is content to wholly
abstain from any mental exertion whatever, if
he should once break that condition, his mind
would be gone in a week. There It np prospect
thal be will ever reappear In public life; his ca
tycr is over. His physicians have told him that
he could not recover from a third mental attack.
—A few months ago a lad In Wilmington"
North Carolina, sent a letter to tho Emperor Na
poleon telling him that he vaa but a boy of 11
years, but that with the heart of a man, he sym
patnlzed with him. in the heavy misfortunes that
had fallen upon him. A few days since, to the as
tonishment of every one, an autograph letter was
received from the Emperor in reply. It thanked
hlni for tho kindly and generous sympathy that
had been bestowed, and hoped that the lot in Ufo
of his little friend would fail in more quiet scenes
and more peaceful times than hud fallen to the
sham of the Emperor of the French.
—General Joseph Harlan, of Philadelphia, lied
In Ban Francisco a few days ago. About the year
IS2O he landed in Illndostnn, and travelled inland
through the British posMNwions Into regions un
der the native governments of Asia, which ho
penetrated as a scientific traveller, and among
those sovereigns lie made himself at home and n
favorite. In Persia. Cabul, and Afghanistan ho
spent nearly twenty years. Ho rose to
high command in the army of the
conquering Dost Mohammed, and in
troduced modern military tactics among the
Orientals. At lost returning homeward through
Egypt, Turkey, Gernuny and Great Britain, ho
resumed tlie quiet of his youth in Fliiladolphia.
At the rising of the rebellion—though In his sev
enth decode—ho promptly offered his services to
the government. He was commissioned ns a Col
onel, and led down to the Army of the Potomac
tho largest regiment of cavalry embraced in It,
and which ho commanded until severe sickness
obliged him to withdraw.
—The household effects of Governor Bullock, of
Georgia, which wen* at tho Atlanta Depot for
shipment, have been attached for debt by tho
Sheriff.
—Prof. Mowbray, of North Adams. Mass., man
ufactures nud soils annually over SIOO,OOO worth
of nitro-glyccrine.
—Dr, Rldwell, President of the Seneca Stone
Company, authorize* a denial of the statement
that President Grunt ban requested him to dis
pose of his ftock in the company, and says Presi
dent Grant, in 1877, Invested SIO,OOO, as a private
individual, for the benefit of his family.
—Colonel Irvine, the Chief Aidc-do-Caap to the
Governor General of Canada, died on the Ist Inst.
—Tho 11. W, Sage who offers #150,000 for fa wo
man’s department at Cornell, aad another SIOO,OOO
to the general endowment if the students shall bo
required to attend dally prayew, Is a member of
Ilcmy Ward Beecher’s church,
—Arldtarchua Champion, of Rochester. N. Y„
who died recently, leaving such a largo estate to
benevolent objects, was the founder of the
Pioneer Line” of *rUoh ran forty years
ago between Albany and Buffalo on temperance
principles.
M IS CELLAEEOVS.
The census of the German Empire will be taken
on the Ist of December.
—The Russians are going to try another World’s
Pair in Moscow next year.
—Virginia boasts a calf live months old which
yields a quart of milk a day.
—A classification of the Communist prisoners at
Versailles has been made, from which it appears
that there are 131 Italians. 27 Swiss, 73 Russians,
Germans, 5» Poles, 7 English, U Spaniards, 3
Portuguese, and l Swede.
—A letter from Natal, South Africa, says that
the diamond field* along the Vaal River are eo
extensive that to effect a thorough search would
occupy 20,0000 men 100 years.
=-Jadge Sharswood. of the Pennsylvania Su
preme Court, has just decided a case la which he
lay* down (he principle that even the majority of
a congregation which withdraws Itself from the
denomination with which It stood connected, can
not lay claim to any part of the church property
as against the minority that remains under the
authority of the church.
—The.Alaska Coal Company win, in a few days,
despatch' a coal vessel to their coal mines. The
first shipments thence are to be mode In the
spring.
—The San Francisco Morning CaU of the 31st
iilt-, Bays: “There is now no question but
.bananas can be grown successfully in several of
U»c southern counties of this State. The Anaheim
Costttr reports two banana trees in that place,
planted last year as an experiment, new bearing
fine bunches of this do lid mis fruit- M
—This year, at Bt. Tonis, where <hf> sozfaeo of
(ho jriverhsa been four feel and one inch about
the lowest stage of water attained by the rirer la
18C3, there was, at the same time, only about firs
inches difference in tho depth of the channel be
tween those years, showing that (he bottom of the
river must be three feet and eight inches higher
than It was in l*c». 80. in the bed of the
river was found 1 to bo two feet and throe inches
higher than it was ten.roar* previous.
THE ELECTION TO-DAY.
Rev. Robert Colljrcr on tho I.ocnl
Political Contest.
Ur. Jonat Declines the Bummer Semina
tion for Twelfth Ward
Alderman.
Kbere to Tote—Valuable Suggestion to
Judges of Election—Action of the
Board of. Trade.
EEV. BOHEUT COLL TEH OS THE LOCAL I*o LTTIC.iL
CONTEST.
The following letter from Rev. Robert Collycr,
in reply to a note from a friend, contains its own
explanation:
Dear but: Yonr clrcula .Inviting rov to call at the
headquarters of your canipjUgu committee, has cotoo
to band. For tho commence you twpreas in It in my
character and Integrity. 1 beg heartily to thank you.
and to say that I will try at least uuw. and always, to
deserve toe confidence of every good,tnieman, whether
he belongs to the Republican party, with which I have
always stood since x assumed the duties and was
admitted to the estate of an American citizen,
or to the Democratic party, with which I have
never stood, though I have now and
then voted for good Democrats. You ask me also to
render aid. if I can, in the election of this ticket. If
Son mean by this that you want me to speak in meet
ig. 1 shall have to decline, because Just now my hands
and head and heart are so full for great numbers in my
burnt-up parish, and out of it. u« to leave me no time
for things that other men can do Just as well or better.
I moat make time, however, to assure you that, with
one exception so far as I know the men. the Fire-Union
ticket is a good ticket, worthy of the confidence of all
the citizens of Chicago who want an honest and able
City Government, and on election day. if I am spared.
It shall have my vote. To say this, also;
that I like it all the better be
cause it is not a ticket gotten up In thelnterest of those
-who have yelled the loudest and eaten the most dirt
(or the party to which 1 liave sold frankly I belting. I
bare for a Jong time now hod a sou* conviction that
honest and able men ought to fill every place In our
City Government with no more reference tp the party
with which they affiliate than a great merchant would
allow in the conduct of hia business. There was a time
when 1 was compelled to think otherwise; it has gone
by, 1 trust, never to return. Wo can afford now to
consider the claima of onr candidates, as they rest on
personal integrity and ability. We ought to admit no.
other claim whatever. If we do. the Republican party in
Chicago will very aooa breed tor ua something aa evil and
dangerous as that which has risen to curse New York.
We nave this thing already m the first stages of Us
development. We must crush It by the energy o( tho
ballot-tor, and so set our city, dearer to ns uuw than
ever. In a Mire place. icannoiconciodelhUinote with
out expressing my satisfaction in particular in the
nomination ox Joseph MedlU tor Mayor, and the
renomlnation of David A. Uago for City Treasurer,
I believe their election will bo of incalculable benefit
to us at this crisis of our municipal history- When
Mr. Thomas Hughes was hero about a year ago, ami I
had the honor to walk with hitn-thruugh our then
splendid city, we passed Joseph MedUl on
lue street, and I sold to my friend,
I want y«u to get a good look »t lliat man,
fori think helias no equal in tho Northwest, either
fur ;m>fglittrr shinty about all questions touch
ing good government, and he has certainly no superior
in intrinsic worth. I beliovo still what 1 said then,
and I do not believe I shall ever have to conclude 1
was mistaken. lam quite sure, also, that the charac
ter and standing of Mr. David A. Uage before this
community, aa well as his conduct as City Treasurer
tor Uve last term, la of such a stamp as to nuke It Im
possible for any man not to vote for |hlml again who
really wants to sec the right n»u In the right place. I
am, rdnccrelr yours, Roueut Coixtec.
Chicago, Nov. i», is7j.
MR. JONAS DECT.INKS.
To Ihe Citizen* of the Ttnnlitlh IVcinl:
Having lost heavily by the Late great calamity
which befel our fair city, and therefore lieiug
compelled to devote all my tltuo and energy to
rebuilding tuy busUieM* ami property, I hereby
decline to Ik* a candidato for the office of Aider
man of the Twentieth Ward at the ensuing elec
tion: at .tlie same time I return no* warmest
thanks to my many friends for their kind support
and confidence In-Mowed upon me by nominating
me to wbat I believe to Ik* a most hni»orlnpt and
respoiislblu iKisitlon at these trying times. Tnwt
ing. however, that the citizen* of the Twentieth
Ward will Hud one hi whom they may place the
same confidence, mid will work for the public In
terest umi welfare, as I should have been pleased
to have done had not my Imsiucsshiterests,which
I cannot, ami dai'O not, iieglect at this time, pre
vented me. Faithfully yours, J. Jonas.
LETTER FROM DANIEL O'CONNELL.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune.*
Bin: U is reported that I havo said that
for #I,OOO I could defeat the Fire-Proof
ticket. 1 said, in a joke, that 1 could do It for
#.-*U Well, being a man of some, educallou, lam
in favor of educated men for ofllce. It is needless
to say that I am in favor of Mr. Mcdlll fur Mayor.
I indorse his ticket throughout. Tam opposed to
raising ignorant men to ofilces of distinction. 1
hojH*, therefore, that all Intelligent countrymen of
mine will vote the l*est ticket—ihc only intelligent
and noble one which has been pre.n-uted in Chi
cago in my day—the Fire-Proof ticket.
Daniel O'Connell.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6,1871,
ACTION OF THE HOARD OF TRADE,
Tlie following resolution was oireredou’Change
5 esterday morning by George M. How, und unan
imously adopted:
Whereas, Ou to-morrow, Tnesdav, the Tth Instant,
will occur an important county anil municipal election
in tills city; and
Whereas, It is of csiK-cinl importance at this Umo
that goi-d men. and only good men. should nil our
unices ol responsibility and trust; therefore,
Resolved, Thnt in onk-r to allow the members of this
board an opportunity to use their efforts to the end
indicated. there be no sessloß of the board on to-mor
tow, the day of election.
ALDERMAN OF TUK SIXTEENTH WARD,
7\» the eitisem of the Sixteenth Ward:
Wiiereas, Mr. Briso A. Miller, an old and es
teemed citizen and property-owner, has consented
to run for Aldenmm and wo think him eminently
fitted for tbo place, we ask the citizens of tho Six
teenth Ward to Join us In supporting him.
M. McDowell. Franklin Hathaway,
W. H. Snyder, Jacob Huber,
F. M. Chapman. L. Faich.
Miner Porter, R. S. Koscberry,
John Atwater. J. L. Lang,
Eben Woodruff, Hnrrv Morgan.
Chas. Iloussncr. John Klmmarling.
W. J. Wallis, Baldwin Davis,
J. A. C. Thoiun-ou. John Protio,
J. 11. Curtis, Wm. C. Dow.
11. Biokel, Wm. J. Davis,
John Slsse, 11. Hill,
Chau, fllekel, F. W. Savage,
Samuel Cord, A. flovert.
H. F. Whitmore, Olof Benson,
M. DeJ*uy. Geo. T. Beebe.
Henry Nickerson, Z. 11. Burley,
Tbos.Spedeu, The*. Queal,
Wm. Evans, una others.
James McLain.
VOTING PL,\m.
The following Is a correct list of oil the polling
places in the city:
First Ward—First Precinct. No. 99 Fifth avenue;
Second Precinct. No. 49 Wabash avenue; Third
Precinct. No. oo East Madison etrett; Fourth Pre
cinct, No. 129 Fifth avenne.
Second Ward—First Precinct, No. 192 State
street; Second Precinct. No. 392 State street;
Third Precinct, 159 East Van Bure 11 street.
Third Ward—First Precinct, corner Peek court
and State street: Serond Precinct, No. 470 South
Clark street; Third Precinct, No. 670 State street;
Fourth Precinct, No. W3 State utrect.
Fourth Ward—First Precinct, No. 752 Michigan
avenne: Second Precinct, No. M Twenty-second
stm t ;Tlrd Precinct, No. 1103 State street; Fourth
Precinct, No. 883 State street.
Filth Ward—First Precinct, northwest corner
Twenty-ninth and State streets; Second Precinct,
southwest corner Twenty-nlnthstreetaad Cottage
Grove avenue; Third Precinct, southeast corner
Dounlas place and Cottage Grove avenue; Fourth
Precinct, northwest comer Douglas place and
State street.
Sixth Ward—First Precinct. No. 76 Archer av
enue; Second Precinct, No. 20 Wentworth avenue;
Third Precinct. No. 21 Hanover street; Fourth
Precinct, Hcalv Hall, Archer avenue; Fifth Pre
cinct.at David's, No. 770 Archer avenue, comer of
Locke street.
Seventh Ward—first Precinct, Bohemian Itall,
corner Eighteenth street and Canalport avonne:
Second Product, No. 772 Halstod street; Third
Precinct. 105 West Polk street; Fourth Precinct,
northwest corner Blue Island uvenue and Twenty*
second street.
Eighth Ward—First Precinct, Maxwell, near
Canal street; Pecoml Product, northwestern cor
ner of Meagher and Jefferson streets; Third Pre
cinct, corner Union and Mitchell streets; Fourth
Precinct, corner of Brown aad Maxwell streets:
Fifth Precinct, corner of Throop and Sampson
streets.*
Ninth Ward—First Precinct, comer of Harrison
and Canal streets; Becond.lTednet, corner of
Canal and Torqucr streets; Third Precinct, cor
ner Harrison and Dcsplaints streets; Fourth
Precinct, comer DeKoven and Dtwplaiues streets;
Fifth Precinct, corner Taylor aad Morgan streets;
Sixth Product, comer Polk street and Blue
Island avenue; Seventh Precinct, engine house.
No. SI Blue Inland avenue.
Tenth Ward—First Precinct, engine bouse,
Jackson, near Clinton street; Second Precinct,
engine house, corner of Washington and Clinton
streets; Thud Precinct, comer of Madlfon&nd
Green streets.
Eleventh Ward—First Preclncf. No. 101-2 MO
waukec avenue; Second Precinct. Nos. 99 and 41
Milwaukee avenue; Third Precinct. No. i» West
Lake street; Fourth Precinct, comer of West
i Lake and Sangamon streets.
Twelfth Word—First Precinct, comet Kinrie
and Ruck w streets: Second Precinct, No. *47 West
Randolph street; Third Precinct, Nits. *23 and *2l
street.
Thirteenth Ward—First Precinct. 713 West Madi
son street; Second Precinct, comer of Madison
and Robey streets; Third Precinct, comer of
Oakley and Madison streets; Fourth Precinct,
comer of Western avenue and Madison street.
Fourteenth Ward—First Precinct, comer of
Wood and Carroll streets; Second Precinct, Ger
man school-house. Fulton, between Robey and
Hoynostreets; Third Precinct, No. 121 Western
avenue.
Fifteenth Ward—Fuvt Precinct, No. 171 Milwau
kee arenas ;Bocoud Precinct, No. 336 Milwaukee
avenue; Third Precinct, No. *4B Chicago avenue;
Fourth Precinct. No. 721 Milwaukee avenue; Fifth
Product, comer Elston avenue and Bawson
Ward—First Precinct, corner Willow
and Halsted streets; Second Precinct, Ko. 611 Ear
rabeo street; Third Precinct, No. 716 North Wells
Bt ßon>»tocnth Ward—First Precinct, comer of
larrabee and Ross street*; Second Precinct, No
■3M Sedgwick street: Third Precinct, comer of
and Schiller street*; Fourth Product, No.
North Clark street.
Eighteenth Ward—First Precinct, No. 581-2 CW
eago avenue; Second Precinct, No. «r Chicago
avenue; Third Precinct. No. 133 Chicago area no;
Fourth Precinct. No. 124 North Market street.
Nineteenth Ward—First Precinct, No. 38 Rxfth
Street; Beco&d Precinct. Turner Hall, North Clark
street; Third Precinct, comer of Chicago avenue
and Wells street.
TwrntiethWard—First Precinct, Norfh lfarket
Hall: Second Precinct, comer Clark, aad Ontario
atreeia; Third Precinct, comar of Huron and
Wells streets; Fourth Precinct, Chicago -avenue
and Rush street: Fifth Precinct, comer of Water
and Bush streets.
a vAiXAnta grcGEffnojf.
To Ike Edttor »/Tfte CMrepo Tribune;
Sir— Permit a suggestion with “regard to' the
canvassing of vote*. The labor involved in
business may be greatly lessened by the adoption
of a plan which Phave to propose, so* that what
has taken in some precincts tiff nearly daylight to
perform, may be done before midnight. Themode
of procedure is as follows: Separate the ticket* of
tho different parties; then separate the straight
from the split n tickets. Give each"* can di
date credit for tho number of
straight** tickets of his party.* Then
19 the split” tickets, read only the
“aoralobes,*' giving each candidate a mark in a
wJnmi beaded Losses.** for each time his
1* scratched out, and a mark In a column
beaded Gains, w for each time his name U
"scratched"ln. When this la finished,give to
each credit for the whole number of “split” tick
ot* of bis party less his “loooea,” and also foe his
ooontln the “rains'** column, and you will have
tho number or votes cast for him. This course
was pursued in tlw ecuntof onto of the largest
precinct* in the Vent Division at the flection of
two years ago, when a large vote was poUed, and
the count was completed before i: o’clock.
F. K. T.
Chicago. Nov. C, 1871.
THE WORK OF TO-DAY.
C'bicag* Expreit Krrry Man «o Do III*
.Duly.
To the EditorofThe Tribune:
8m: If there was ever In the annals of oitr his
tory a time when the price of Itts-rtf wii« eternal
vigilance*. that time Is now. If there wa* ever a
time that tried men’s souls, that time is now. If
ever It were necessary for a man to hold fast hia
integrity, unbiased by money, or political or party
difference-, that time is now; and now is tbo time
to let the dead past bury its dead, mid to consider
coolly and dispassionately what is truly best for
uur public and private good.
The time bus come when every citizen is called
upon to prove, by his vote, how nearly he tuis the
interests of the city at heart; and it is well that
he understand the full weight and force of the
power he holds'.too often as a thing of tetaghf.
I heard a man say, a few days ago, that Onr
politics had come to he such n dirty thing that ho
would hove nothing to do with ft. They might
elect who or what they would; he would vote for
no man—no party,—was neutral.” I told him. It
our politics were corrupt and vile, that, last in
projKjrtion to his Influence, ho was responsible for
this state of affairs. Ho reminded mo of those
dark days when Southern treachery brought over
us.a cloud that broke in fury una deluged with
blood the land we love. The same class of men
who tell us tcKlay that our politics are tile and
corrupt cried then, when treason reared its defiant
head and put forth its red hand to destroy the
bright banner whose stripes and stars—thank
God I—still float In triumph above them,
Tear down that flaunting rag;
’Tis hell's polluted lie."
Neutrality meant then what It means now,—a
word that stands for one of three things: treason,
ignorance, or cowardice. No man has a right, in
times like that or thle. to stand neutral; indeed, I
doubt if in any mind there la truly neutral ground
enough on which to stand. Never did circum
stances force upon onr attention more impera
tively than now tho duty which tbo right of suf
frage binds upon every man. to throw his in
fluence and bis vote on the side of right.
We cannot afford, while our homes are in ashes,
and our business Is still paralyzed by the blow
under which wc stagger almost helplessly, chat
to this should be added Now York's tragedy and
reign of terror. We cannot afford, when honest
poutlcians have burled tho hatchet of party war
fare, that a ring of unscrupulous Tammanyltcs
should tear it from its grave, and, armed with
the weapons wo have laid down, rob us of onr
honor and our treasure at one blow. The future
of Chicago depends upon the work of to-day: her
weal nr her woe lies In the votes that will be
polled at this election; and whether she shall
rise from her ashes, like Venus from tho wave,
radiant in beauty and power, or whether her
glory and strength be a thing of the past, de
pends upon the men who control the finances and
guide her destiny. If her citizens never did their
duty licfore, Chicago expects them to do it to
day. Gak.net.
Chicago, Nov. 7.
INEFFICACY OF THE FIBS ORDI-
NANCE.
llow Another Crest Conflagration can
be Prevented.
To (he £<U(or of The Chicago Tnhimr.*
Sir: In reading the tire ordinance lately ap
plied to n portion of tlie West Division, one can
not Dclp being reminded oftlio ostrich Umt bur
ies its head in the sand and then imagines itself
out of danger. Outside walls must be construct
ed of fire-proof material,” is about the entire aul>-
stancoof the whole affair.
Comp)}* with this requirement, and we may put
on a shingle or tar and gmvol roof, wooden out
side blinds, use wooden plate in the comice, affix
wooilou steps, woollen bow windows, wooden bal
conies and railings, surround it wltb a wooden
fence, and then lay down nlNiiit it wooden walks.
Surely a wooden genius must have devised this
thing, appropriately called a lire** ordinance!
Thousands of homes in this city are built in
precisely this way, and, when the next great con
flagration comes.—as come It surely will,—will
help to spread it but little less than the frumc-
TOWS.
But even this ordinance, ikkt ns it Is. is not en
forced. There never was n linn* when more
frame buildings, of ail sizes and kinds, from sheds
and bains up to stores and warehouses, were
going up within the so-called tire limits of the
West Division than now.
We am utterly regardless of tlie lessons of tlie
past, and of the experience of tlie world about us.
We seem to Imagine that the laws of nature will
hereafter Ik* suspended for our ben
efit, and that with us effect will not
follow cause. Utterly heedless of the
fact that even* great wooden town is in great part
swept uway by u conflagration at least onoo In
twenty years, we go on extending our area of
wooden structures, and piling on and around tbo
few brick bouses wo do build enough wood cO that
they may ignite readily.
Re have now In the West Division tlie largest
wooden city in the civilized world; joined to it is
the largest lumber district in the world; and all
tills is situated in a country subject annually to a
prolonged drouth, and swept by furious winds.—a
state of affairs ns sure to produce another con
flagration. equal In extent to tliat through which
we have Just passed, as careless servant girls,
smoking men. mutches, and incendiaries are sure
to continue to exist.
There is certainly a reason for the fact that, in
modem times, in Chicago alone, at n time of pro
found peace and quiet, has there been a tiro that
has rendered horaeloes a hundred thousand peo
ple. The great file of London happened at a time
when the whole population was paralyzed with
terror by tho pestilence. That of Moscow waa
only the work of the Russian military authorities,
New York. Boston,and Br. Louis have not escaped
our fate without reason. Tlie reason is obvious.
Pine lumber is cheaper berc than in any other
great city in the world. It is easy to
work: building with it Is rapidly done;
capital with us has never been over-abundant;
we have been in baste to get up something that
wo could live in or do business fn; and we hare,
consequently, built of wood, whilst other cities
are built of brick »ud stone.
80 we have burned np. and they remain ?»o we
shall burn up again and again, until we cease to
build of wood.
Another great conflagration can be prevented,
if we resolutely set to work to do it. Unfortu
n?A<‘l-v^L/'.ro to bo a general disposition to
attribute the blame of the past one to providence,
or an old woman, or a cow, or an incendiary; and
to go on keeping everything in readiness for
Provldcnee, or an old woman, or u high wind, or
a severe drouth, to destroy ns again.
Buch fire” ordinances as the one Jnst enacted
will not help us, and so it Is not much matter
whether it is enforced or not; but nn ordinance,
rigidly enforced, forbidding the erection of any
building within the city limits, having upon Its
exterior any inflammable material—the putting
up of wooden fences and the laying down 01
wooden walks, coupled with the tearing down,
commencing with the principal streets, within
the next fifteen years, of ail tho wooden bullOingH
now existing—ln all human probability would
save us from another horror like tho one which
has startled the world.
Such a course would* In the end, prove. In a(pe
cuniary view alone, advantageous. We shall pay,
in the next ten years, twice as much for insurance
as will our rivals in St. Louis and Cincinnati;
while tho constant danger of destruction by fire
will keep millions of capital away. Unhappily,
a willingness to wait—to build slowly, surely,
and to endure—is not a characteristic of our peo
ple. A. N. Waterman.
Chicago, Nov. 6.
THE REPUBLIC INSURANCE COM-
PANY.
Important Action of tho Executive Com*
m litre,
At a meeting of the Executive Committee of tho
Republic Insurance Company, held In Chicago on
the 3d Inst., the following resolutions were passed
unanimously:
Whereas The Republic Insurance Company of
Chicago, 111., bad policies outstanding to the
amount of J3.CW.OW) and upwards upon property
which was destroyed by tin* in the groat confla
gration In Chicago on tho Bth and 2tn of October,
1871. and
Whereas, The available cash means of the com
■panyare not sufficient to naysaid losses, with its
other legal liabilities, as they mature and become
payable, and continue tho business fur which the
was organized; and It has become neces
sary to moke an assessment upon and collect the
unpaid stock snbscrilfod to pay losses and debts
and continue business; therefore.
Jitfolrtd, That a call and assessment are hereby
made upon all the unpaid stork mrtwcrlbed, or
held by the several htockholder aof the Republic
Insurance Company, of Chicago, 111., to wit:
Eighty per centum upon all the stock held by
the several stockholder* on the 7th day of Octo
ber, 1871 (since which time no stock has been
transferred in the books of the company), payable
on the 15th day of December next; provided that
no suit shall be brought by the company asalnst
any stockholder who shall, on or before SHtdlSth
day of Deccmbcrnoxt, pay in ten per centum on
sold stock, and shall, on or before too I3th of each
month thereafter, pay in like ten per centum,
until the whole of said eighty per centum is paid;
hut, in default of the payment of any of aa:d in
stalments, then the collection of all that Lh unp.-iid
upon said eighty per centum, ao called for, shall
be immediately enforced.
I!(felted. That tho President and Secretary pro
ceed to adjust. with all ruisonable despatch, all
claims for loss by tire against the Republic In
surance Company, and pay upon them severally,
as soon ns adjusted, the sum of 25 per centum
in cash and said President and Store Utry are
authorized to give to the several claimant* written
evidence of indebtedness, in such form as they
deem proper, for the residue of their respective
claims, payable is three equal instalments, of 95
per centum each, at the expiration of four, eight,
and twelve months from tho Ist day of Decem
ber, 1671. provided the said claimants ore willing
to accept such evidences of indebtedness in dis
charge of their respective claims for looses un
der the policies of the company.
A, Dudoeo.v, I'resident.
J. B. pAveov, Secretary.
Last. PrCMIOD Kfiui
The la ft issue of the Independent speaks as fol
lows of one of our banking firms: One of the
tilings which gave Chicago iU first hopeful im
pulse after the fire was the announcement that
thbbanla would be able to pay la whole or ia
part. One of the first to resume was the firm of
Lunt. Preston Kean, who wire able to transact
business as usual so soon as they could find a suit
able room. A ions adherence to the moat careful
management enabled.them to goon without being
Injured but a little, their losses, ail told, probably
not exceeding a half year's earnings. Such cam
fulness and promptness have their reward, for
slrccdy they arc noting la business larger
thaa ever.”
Bulnrw Chance.
Any party haring a few thousand dollars at his
command, which be wishes to invest in a business'
that will pay probably aoo per cent In one year,
will do well to notice the advertisement of T. X
Langley among tho wants, fu another column of
this paper. Buchan opportunity for investment
seldom occurs.
•Shew for all Clbamw*
O. B. Richardson A Co.. Ho. M West Randolph
street* have a full lino of ladies’ misses’, and. chil
dren's wear, suitable for the Beeson, and sddqtod
foe their trade from tho best Eastern houses.
They also Wvp a largo stock of men’s and boy’s
tip and calf boots, made entirely by which
they male a specialty pf.
FIELD, LEXTER CO,
The Leading Dry Goods Firm and Es-
tablishment of the West
Craod Reopening Yesterday—Description of
Their flammoth Ifholesale and Be
fall Department*
If any 'jroof were m-ctltnl or the elasticity of
Chicago, the enterprise ami pluck of her citizens,
ami the determination to place their city just
where it stood, that proof would certainly bo
sought among Iho representative business men of
Chicago. When, therefore, we ece, growing sud
denly upju the most available quarter a liaslnes*
house, whieh.ln every .essential, is so nearly equal
to that which was the marvel of onr city before
the lire, then indeed may we remain satisfied
Unit the blow we have stMained. crashing and
stunning ue it was, ha» fulled to retard our prog
ress or inflict a more than temporary suspension
of our vast Industrie*.
Among the prodigies of pluck which many of
our business wen have achieved. It would seem at
first Jnvlluotis to select any one in particular,
but the magnitude ‘of the busbies*?, and
the almost world-wide reputation of
■the great dry goods honso of Field,
Co. deserve a notice even among tins nuniber
around us. It is just four weeks yesterday since
1 every one in the range of the fire found that noth
ing could l*e saved. Four weeks ago the noble
structure to which we were accustomed to direct
the admiring gaze of stranger*, ou the northeast
corner of State and Washington streets* was re
duced to a pile of rubbish, and yet yesterday the
proprietors of that establishment opened to the
people of Chicago their new store, ou the corner
of State and Twentieth street, stocked anew and
rich with the various fabrics of two continents.
Twenrvdaya ago the large brick structure ou
the comer of State and Twentieth streets was oc
occupled ns u ear repository, and
used as such bv the South Side
Hallway Company. It presented many advanta
ged. Its size provided for the immense storage
required by tho house; it wa-> strongly built, with
good thick brick walls, and had as an additional
recommendation a stout. is-lnch wall running
down, the ceutre—an effectual protection against
fire. With these natural advantages, tho Build
ing was in a little over a fortnight converted into
an excellent store, with a front' of 150 fcot on
State, and 150 feet on Twentieth street, Tho cen
tre wall divides the building equally, the north
half with the convenient corner entrance being
occupied by the retail counter, and the south end
as a wholesale department. One week later and
tho firm was already in their new quar
ters. thcic huge Jobbing business already re
sumed. Both departments, wholesale and re
tail, arc. therefore, but a trifle leas in ares than
they were on the old alto. To the retail depart
ment are two entrances, one for carriages on tho
north side, and tho other, or front entrance, ou
State street, most conveniently situated for tho
ears. Indeed, in the present condition of tho
cltv.lt would have been slmplv impossible to
choose a more convenient situation for this estab
lishment. The heating and lighting of the store
arc l>oth remarkably perfect, the light from the
windows being reflected and equally diffused by
the while coding and walls. The gas arrange
ment Is also excellent, and secures the largest
amount of light for customer ami salesman.
Down stairs, near the. Twentieth street en
trance, are the silks and laces, the most costly
ftart of a dry goods store. Here, yesterdaymorn
ng, everything was a picture ot life and activ
ity. During our reporter’s glance over this de
{mrtuunt.he witnessed the sale of apolnt-huv
mmlkcrcbicf for tW. Opposite the State street
door is the glove counter, around which, yester
day. was a continued crowd of customers'.
The lower floor is occupied by tho dress goods,
notions, and domestics, and all the other thousand
and one departments of a dry goods store of the
first class.
In the rear is die examining department—and
the system here is so perfect that a few words
ought to in.* said in its A room fifteen feet
t>y eight Is svt apait for the examining el*,‘rks.
On the east elvle is a small aperture, Uirtmgh
which all the goods purrhased. and required to
he sent to the purchaser's adilnrss. are handed In,
together with the hill. Here the clerics examine
the articles, measure every yard of goods,
make everything tally with the cheek,
wrap them up. ami despatch thorn through thu
rear door. Thus purchasers have nothing to fear
with regard to short measure, nor is there the
least danger of being charged tor things they do
not receive. This system required considerable
ohdioiatiou Indore it was is'ifceted. but now it
appears to l*c a> near iKrrfcctiou as anything
human can be.
Taking the stairway near the north entrance,
one comes to the second floor, mi «irr, spacious
apartment, beautifully lighted, and devoted al
most entirely to the Indies. A partition running
dounthc room cuts oil* a jsmtion of the rl-*e of
tin-“iimucnso wholesale notion department, of
the flnu. leaving the re-t to »h* divided up among
tJje shawl and cloak departments, the tlamicls,
blnnkets.j-hlrts.and upholstery.
The wall which divider the store luto section,
has here been pierced fora doorway connecting
both sides, but the utmost caution has been used
here, ns well as elsewhere, to provide against
loss by fire. The aperture is protected by double
iron doors, which render it us safe us tho brick
wall itself.
If there is anything here which more especiallr
dcservcsnotice.lt is the extreme eare that ha's
heen taken to provide for the comfort of custom
ers and employes. Tor instance, the fitting room
for customers in the cloak nud mantis depart
ment is provided with a lavatory and closet: a
lunch room, lavatory and chv-et are reserved
for the exclusive use of the
Indies employed, while upstairs as well as below*
is a very commodious and extensive arrangement
of a similar character for gentlemen. Where the
employes receive so much careful attention, cus
tomers may have little fear of anything but care
ful and respectful attention.
Yesterday, the retail opening day of the firm
since tho lire, must have l»een very gratifying to
the proprietors. Threatening as tho early part of
the day appeared, by 10 o’clock the store was
filled, and an hour later the scene, for life, bustle,
and activity, was characteristic of Chicago gen
erally, and of Field <t teller particularly. Every
body warf there, and everybody seemed really
glod to be present, and thus testify their appreci
ation of the enterprise exhibited by the leading
dry goods honso of the West.
POLITICAL.
Governorßobinson,the first Frcc-Ptatc Gover
nor ot Kansas, is a candidate for Representative
in the Legislature of that Slate.
—The rcaultof the recent election in West Vir
ginia is os follow?; The Conservatives have
elected 06 members of the Constitutional Conven
tion and the Republicans 12. In the Senate, tho
Conservatives have elected 12, tho Republicans 1
—3 holding over. In the House, tb© Conservatives
have elected it, and the Republicans u.
—The young lady—Mlsa Kizrie Anderson—who
voted at the recent election in Taylor County.
lowa, i« a sietcrof Revenue Assessor Anderson.
Tho Bedford Soulhirc.st saj-s tho Judges of elec
tion decided that she had a legal right to vote, by
virtue of the Fourteenth, or some other amend
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
—There was a tie lu tho vole of Noble County,
Ohio, for a member ol the Slate House of Repre
sentatives. and the candidates agreed to cast lots
to decide who should have tho office. Tho lack
was with D. P. Siirlgga.theDeuiocratJccandldato.
This gives tho Democrats 43 members, and the
Republicans 37.
—ln Indiana. General B. F. Harrison. Lieuten
ant Governor Cumlm-k, and George W. Julian
are named in connection with the Republican
nomination for Governor: and Ulehaol C. Kerr,
Baniol W. Voorhees, and John R. Cof&oth with
the Democratic.
—Mary A. Lcland writes to the New York Sun
as follows:
“Learning this morning that Victoria C. Wood
hull andTennlo C. Chitlin bad registered to vote at
the coming election, I at once proceeded to the
registration office of my district (Hie Nineteenth,
of tho Sixteenth Ward), from which 1 have Just
returned, huviug registered without opposition.
The officers simply referred to the Constitution of
the United States, under which Itlaimed the right
to vote, aud finding no restriction as to sex, they
potmitted my registration. Tho members of the
board were as courteous polite aud gentlemanly
as those I have bom accustomed to meet in ray
parlor; and though 1 had been assured that obsta
cles in the shape of vulgarity would deter women
from approaching the polls, I am glad to find that
the same respect shown to women by men in tho
churvh. theatre, railway train, or even street ears.
1? extended to them iu halts of registration, and
will, I firmly believe, welcome her at the polls on
election day.”
A Whole Train Wrecked Near Peoria,
Fr»-m the Peoria (I!L) Review, Nov. 1.
This forenoon, as tho passenger train from
tho coat was approaching ibis city it met
with an accident at Cunningham's bridge,
over Farm Creek, five and a half miles from
this city. The engine was tho J. K. Dubois,
No. 114. The train \va» under charge of “Win.
Putnam, conductor, ono of the most careful
men on the whole road. WhUo running at
the usual speed, over this bridge, the flange
on one of tho front (rucks broko,andthe en
gine ran off the track, twenty feet down an
embankment. The moil ana express car fol
lowed. whirled over crossways, and was
thrown on its side, next the engine, which is
a total wreck. Tho smoking aud baggage'
cars were smashed into into kindling wood.
Two other cars turned over on thoixsid©.
The sleeping car was left. -It ran about
twenty feet, aud remained standing on the
track.
.The casualties arc os follows: ‘Willi©
Crugcr, sou of the Vice President of the road,
a lad about 12 years of age. was riding on
the engine at the time, and-is badly scalded.
George Chapman, the engineer, i ;vslightly i
hurt in tho face and leg- Tbq baggage mas
ter, F. G. Coring, was thrown underneath a
pile of trunks, against the stove. He was
somewhat burned, but escaped with few in
juries. May Gridley, of Logansnort, a-little
girl aged 10 years, daughter or the express
messenger, was badly. bruised. Thomas
Scott, or the house of Day Brothers,'was in
tho smoking jear, and though .the. cor was
smashed in pieces, ho emerged from the ruins
unhurt. It is.n miracle that any one escaped,
Mr. E. C. Sniiman, our County Treasurer,
was on tho! train. He assisted' thb in
jured pen-oua but of tho wreck, saw thatno
one was killed, and then- mounting h horse
came to town. From him wo leamtfte above
particulars. Tho breaking of the flango was
an accident which no one could guard
against, and no one is to blarae for tho occur
rence. -s
We Pfew Ogden Tin,
rrem the Salt lake City (UUh) New*. OH. S.
_ i feterday we were shown, by Marshal W.
K. Fife; of Ogden, a specimen or tin ore. taken
from a recently discovered mine at the bead
of Taylor’s Runyon.: The oro hw the appear
ance of being very rich, the metal in it being
quite distinct to the. naked ©ye. The speci
men in question was taken out about Tour
feet below the. surface. The name of tho
mine is tho Great Western, and the ora isaaid
to compare very favorably with that of the
groat tin mince of Cornwall.
Another mine, called tho Taylor lode, which
is about cne mile from the mouth, of thoksc
yon,* formerly owned by tho proprietors of the
Great Western, was sold a few days ago to
Mrw;ni. Moon* A Co., of San Francisco, for
$15,000. The price is exceedingly low, but tno
object in soHirujit at all. wear© informed. wjw
to induce the investment of outside capital,
ru order to develop tile mining resources of
the locality. There are fonr other tin miner*
in the kanVon, all of which,are on-the north
side, beside which then* it* a great body of
rich iron ore at the head of the kauyon-
Many discoveries of tin mines, which give
promise ot richness,JmVc been made between
the Weber and Ogden It i vers.
The prognostications which have been oc
casionally indulged in in The paM by certain
psirtieb aivoui Ojsdcu •*!laUmg‘*out.aic in a
lair way of falling mthe ground. Tin* indi
cations* am now ‘favorable for U Incoming
one of ilicuo'.'i nourishing localnl*- In the
Great West
TBE LOS ANGELES OUTBADE.
l<ntrr Particular*-—Robbery a* well a*
dlnrdrr—B ratal aad Coiranflj’ Atreci
lie*.
Los ANUKf.ES, Oct. s*.
The mob on Tuesday night did sotao whole
sale pillaging at the scene of tho riot on Negro
It is variously reported that, from
$14,000 to $20,000 has been stolen from the
Chinese quarters. la one of their stores, x
pox containing SI,OOO wan broken open* and
the nwmev extraclciU Ouo Chinaman was
robbed of H>o on being taken to jaU. All
thcthrnanien hanged were atribnsd of all
their valuables while being dragged to tho
places of execution. Trunks and other de
positories* having looks. fa> the vnrion* tene
ments occupied by the Chinese, have been
broken open and ransacked, and everytlumr
of value carried off.
Eighteen Chinataen were buried vrsterday.
They presented a ghastly and most borriblo
sight. Their clothing was tom, and in one or
two cases the victims wero almost nude.
Their,counteuancea were besmeared with
blobq* and their heads and bodies
pierced with gunshot wounds* ami
some of them fearfully mutilated.
The ropes by which they wero hanged
were Mill attached to their necks, ami. a
number of them were shot previous to being
hanged. One or two ot the victims had their
bodies riddled with bullets. Tlic threatened
repetition of the tragedy last night did not
transpire, a strong guard having been placed,
to prevent it, as it was rumored yesterday
that they would m:ike another haulm the
evening on the other side of Negro alley-
The examination of witnesses at tin* Coro
ner’s inquest occupied the whole of yesterday
afternoon, and was resumed at 9 tin*
morning. It is. now recess. Witnesses aro
very careful in giving their testimony, foar
inyto name individuals whom they know to
have taken an active part in tlu* Ivnehiug*
lest they may be similarly dealt with tlicra
selvcs. Suftioient evidence has already been
adduced implicating two Irishmen, ouo
having boasted of being instrument
al in killing Chinese. The ex
amination will certambr coutinuo
throughout tlio day, possibly it will not 1h»
concluded until to-morrow. It is now stated
the old Vigilantes are the real instigators of
the lynching, and that their declaration of
determination to preserve the peace is merely
n blind to throw oil* suspicun. Three of too
four Chinamen who are said to have done tint
shooting at citizens and officers an* still nt
large; only one of those hanged is known ta
have been a party to the shooting.
Information lias just been received of tho
arrest of the Chinaman, who slrot Officer I»il
deran. on Tuesday night. ll*- was given up
by oue of the Chinese companies, and now
lies in jail.
1-VTKC.
I.os Ant.ki.». Oft. lit).—The city is very
quiet. The exfiterneiiT has almost entirely
subsided. am! the Chinese quarters, tin*
scene of the late riot, are deserted. Ah W««
Tuck, who commenced the shootinifouTues
day night. was raptured this afternoon.
The Coroner's inquest was adjourned until
to-morrow.
tour arrests of rioters were made fhisafter
noon, and direct testhnonv was given, impli
cating them as concerned in the hanging of
Chinamen.
judge Jjopulveda totlav ordered a special
grand jury returnable Tuesday, October 31.
A large number of Chinese lied from tho
city by all roads, on the night of the riot,
borne took the overland road for tin* north,
on foot, Icaviiigoverythiugbelimd. and many
an* getting ready to leave.
The report that the rioters ordered all tho
Chiller,* to leave the city within forty-eight
hour* was untrue. .Some of the prominent
rioters are said to ha\e left the city.
GOVERNOR BULLOCK, OF GEORGIA.
Ill* Letter of Ccslgnmion.
NT:w York. Nov. i.
Several of the morning papers will pnh
hyh. to-morrow, a statement from Governor
bullock. The following h> tho principal por
tion
Knkituvk Pi:p.vrtmt:xt or State of
Gi:oiUii.v. Ati_.vnt.\. (Ja., October 51, IbTl
To mu Political I n’<W» and Ihr PuhUr I have
turn day .received information. tin- truth of
which cannot be doubted, that tho political
conspirator* who seek the overthrow, not
only of the reconstructed government of
Georgia but tho United States, have secured
the pledges of u sufficient number of the in
coming meiubeni of the Lower House of tho
General Assembly to vote, without previous
investigation, for articles ot im
peachment against me, immediately after
their assembling and organization on Wed
nesday. November I, and tliat having adopt
ed such articles in the House a sufficient
ntur.oer of Kebublicau Senators will be un
p.cated by the majority to insure a two-third
vote for a conviction. Also that the Judge
of the Supreme Court, who has continuously
acted with these parties, lias informed hdt
friends that lie has been selected to preside,
during the trial, over the Senate, while tho
Senator representing the Toomlw district ia
to be. elected President of the Senate,
ami immediately announce himself an
Governor, pending the trial before the Senate
and daring the unesnired part of rav terra.
Under tins stale of facts I have decided
to n*eign the office of Governor into tho
bands of Hon. Benjamin Conlr, now Presi
de nt of the Senate, and therehV defeat this
nefarious scliemo of these political conspira-
JJ£B., this conrae I shall’protect my po
blical friends in tho Senate from the expul
sion that had been preordained in order to
34-curc my impeachment, and at tho same
time save tho State from the disasters that
would bo euro to follow in the wuko of suc
rose on the part of the unnardoned and un
repentant rebel leaders, who, though com
paratively few in numbers, move the masse*
by the uurcbistiblo process of sectional hata
and social proscription.
I .have maiut.uiii-d my official position
apimst tho aesanlta of these people upon tho
cause of equal rights and a republican gov
ernment just as long as it was possible for mo
to be of service- Now. for tho purpose of
again defeating this latest onslaught of thoso
destroyers. I have resigned my office into tho
hands of Hon. Benj. Conly. who. under tho
constitution, by reason of being now Presi
dent of the Senate, btToznes Governor daring
the nnexpired part of my term, or until
successor is elected by the people.
No charge has yet been brought against
him, because ho has not heretofore been sup
posed to be an obstacle. If assaults are now
made upon him, the country will understand
the purpose* for which they are made.
Six months ago, in Georgia, the mass of the
peopie were acquiescing in tho results of tho
war, and willing to accept these results as
being finalities out under the public teaching
of certain old leaders, tho whole situation
has changed, and leading gentlemen even in
the Democratic party, who dared to speak in
favor of acquiescence and peace, have been
availed and denounced, and the people so in
timidated that they dare not follow their ad
vice*
1 nrnnowfu'lysatiefied that these men pur
pose to control the government and reveno
tUepoUticalrceultHofthefew years past, by
peaceful means if they can.and by foul
means if they dare. Failing in this, another
attempt at separation will be made.
If evidence of this were wanting, we need
but point to the public and private utterance*
of those who were foremost in secession and
rebellion, and still maintain that they were
right, and denounce and ignore the funda
mental Constitution ofrthe United States.
Tfcr J.ot* by Fire of One County in Silciu*
lean.
Firm tl*® Tort Austin Oft 28.
The total number of persona and families
burr.# d ont and of losses in Huron County aro
an folio ws, in tha townships -named
tf crona—Twenty-seven families, one him-*
drrd and fourteen persons, loss $42,150.
Ikngbam Township—Thirty-live families,
comprising one liundred and sixty-eight
persons burnt ont.
Si gel Township—-Twenty-one families, oaa
hundred and five persons, loss $6,300.
Grant Township—Four families, twonfcy
one persons, loss $1,700.
Colfax Township—Four families, twenty
two persons, loss $-2,000.
Sneridan Township—Four families, nine
teen persons, loss $l,lOO.
“ahennan Township—Twenty-five familim,
one hundred and sixteen persons. loss $16,150.
Huron Township—'Twenty-three families,
ninety-seven persons, loss $&550.
“Dwight—One family, seven persons, load
$2,C00.
“Mead—One family, six persons, losastOOf.
Hume—Three families, nineteen persona.
loss
“Mr. IV. K. Stafford lost $53,000 by the
sro.
“In Port Hope, Bnbicon and Gore town
ships there are three hundred and thirty
-eiant persons burned out, with a loss or
$176.55.
“The total number in the families that am
losers in this county alone Is not less than.
8,600.
“.There have been eleven school houses
burned in-this county, as follows: All in
Paris township, four in number, one at Ver
non Mills; Gibson school house in Sherman,
one at White Rock, one at Centro Harbor,
one at Sand Beach, one at Forest Bay. ana
the Hellemb school house in Dwight,
“The loss by the burning of bridges across
streams and Icrosawaysr-throngh swamps,
coupled with the almost total destruction of
fences, will amount to thousands and tens of
thousands of dollars. There is hardly a fans
m tho county but has had a portion of its
fences burned,' and this is true even in those
sections where bat few or no buildings have
be*n destroyed.
,l The loss to this county by the homing of
Fmo and other valuable timber is very groat,
t is too soon to make anything like an ac
curate calculation of the total loss from this
source, but from converse daring the week
with the Supervisors and others from differ
ent parts of tho county, wc know we are safe
in saying that it will exceed $1,006,000.''