-i zwzi jtf
i I T
Sunt
wKNttm
SOL. MILLER, EDITOR AND PUBLISHER.
VOLUME XV.-NUMBER 22J
(EHuAtt
THATSVTOPMIH.
VT WILLIAM CULU3I WtTAXT.
To him wba, in the lore of nature, bold
Communion with ber visible forma she speak
A Ttfiom language: for his carer boars,
phe has a voice of cladness, ana s smile.
And rlogoence of beauty; and she glides
Into bis darker musings with a mfld
And crtiUe sympathy, that steals away
Their sharpneM, ere be is aware.
TO-en thonebta
Of the but bitter hour come like a blight
Over tby spirit, and sad image
t)f the strrn agony, and abroad, and pall.
And lirrathleas darkness, and the narrow bouse.
Make thre to shudder, and grow jck at heart;
Go forth into the open sky, and list
Tu nature's teaching, while, from all axooDd,-
Contra a still voice:
"Yet a few days, and thee.
The all lbolding sun shall see no more.
Is all hi coarse; nor yet in the cold ground.
TVTirrf thy pale form was laid, with many tears.
Xaria the embrace of ocean, shall exist
Tby image. Earth, that nourished thee, shall claim
ThrFTowth, to be resolved to eaUh again;
And. lt each human trace, surrendering up
Thine individual being, shalt thou go.
To mix forever with the elements.
To be a brother to the insensible rock.
And to the sluggish clod which the rude swain
Tnroa with his share, and treads upon. The oak
Shall send his roots abroad, and pierce thy mould.
Tt not, to thine eternal renting place,
Shalt tbuu retire alone nor couldt thou wish
Ouch mora magnificent. Thou shalt lie down
With patriarchs of the infant world with kings.
The powerful of the earth, the wise, the good,
Fair forms, and hoary seers of ages past.
All in one mighty sepulchre.
"The hills,
Ruck ribbed, and ancient as the sun; the vales.
Stretching in pensive uietnewi between; t
The venerable woods; rivers thst move
In majf'fity, and the complaining hrnoks
That make the meadows green and poured round all.
Old Ocean's gray and melancholy waste
Are but the solemn decorations all
Of the great tomb of man. The golden mih.
The planets, all the infinite host of heaven.
Are shining on the sad abodrs of death.
Through the still lapse of ages.
"All that tread
The globe, are but a handful to the tribes
That slumber iniils bosom. Take the wings
Of morning, and the Barcan deserts pierce,
Or lose tbvself in the continuous woods
Where rolls the Oregon, and hears no sonnd
Sare its own dashing vet the dead are there;
And millions in those solituiV'ft, since first
The flight of years began, have laid them down
In their last sleep the dead reign there alone.
"So shalt thou rest and what If thou shalt fall
1'nheeded by the living, and no friend
Take note of thy departure I All that breathe
AY ill share thy destiny- The gay will laugh,
When thou art gone; the solemn brood of care
I'lod on; and each one, as before, will chase
Ills favorite phantom yet, all these shall leave
Their mirth and their employments, and shall come
And make their 11 with thee.
MAs the long train
Of ages glide away, the sons of men
The youth in life's green Spring, and he who goes
In the full strength of vrars. matron, and maid.
The bowed with age, the infant, in the smiles
And beauty of its innocent age rut off
Miall. one bv one, le gathered to tbv side,
lly those who, in their turn, shall follow tlitiu.
"So live, that when thy summons comes to join
The innumerable caravan that moves
To the pale realms of shade, where- each shall take
His chamber in the silent hall of death.
Thou go, not like the quarry slave at night
Scourged to his dungeon, but. nustalned and soothed
Ur an unfaltering trut, approach thy grave.
Like one who wraps the drapery of his conch
A Wit him, and lies down to pleasant dreams.
JMcct S'tom
THE DOCTOR'S BRIDE.
BY KMERSOX BENNETT.
"We Doctors sometime inert with strange, nd-
entnres," once said to me a distinguished phy
sician, with whom I was on terms of intimacy.
"I have often thought," I replied, "that the
secret history of some of your profession, if writ
ten out in detail, would make a work of thrilling
interest."
"I do not know that I exactly ngreo with yon
in regard to detail," rejoined my friend r-for we
medical men, like every one else, meet with a
great deal that is common place, and therefore
not worthy of being recorded; hut grant us tho
privilege of yon novelists, to select our characters
and scenes, and work them into a' kind of plot,
with a striking deontnt, and I donlit not many
of us could give on a romance in real life, com
prising only what wo have seen, which would
equal, if not surpass anything you have ever met
in the way of fiction. Bye the live, I lielieve I
never told you of the most strange and romantic
adventure of my life!
"You never told me of any of your adventures,
Doctor," I replied; "lint if "yon have a story to
tell, you will find me an eager listener."
"Very well, then; as 1 have a few minutes to
spare, I will tell yon one more wildly romantic,
more incredibly remarkable, if I may so speak,
than you probably ever found in a work of fic
tion." "I am all attention."
"Twcntv-five years ago," pursued the Doctor,
"I enteral the medical collego nt K as a
student. I was then quite young, inexperienced,
and inclined to bo timid and sentimental and
well do I remember the horror I experienced,
when one of the senior students, under pretence
of showing me the beauties of the institution,
suddenly thrust me into the dissecting room,
among several dead bodies, and closed the door
upon me; nor do I forget how my screeches of
terror, and prayers of release from that awful
place, made me tho laughing stock of my old com
panions. "Ridicule is hard thing to bear: the coward be
comes brave to escape it, and the brave man fears
it more than he would a belching cannon. I suf
fered from it till I could bear it no more; and
wrought up to a pitch of deseration, I demand
ed to know what I might do to redeem my char
acter, and gain an honorable footing among my
fellow students.
"I will tell yon," said one, his eyes sparkling
with mischief: "if yon will go at tho midnight
hour, and dig np a subject, and take it to your
room, and remain alone with it till rooming, we
will let yon off, and never say another word about
j our womanly fright-
"I shuddered. It was a fearful alternative;
but it seemed less terrible to suffer all the hor
rors that might bo concentrated into a single
night, than to bear, day after day, the jeers of my
companions.
"Where shall I go T and when t was my tim
id inquiry; and tho very thought of snch an ad
venture made my blood run cold.
"To the Eastern Cemetery, to-night, at twelve
o'clock," replied my tormentor, fixing his keen,
black eves upon me, and allowing his thin lips to
curl with a smile of contempt. But what is the
use of asking snch a coward as yon to perform
Mich a maulv feat T he added, deridingly.
"His words stung me to the quick; and with
out further reflection, and scarcely aware of what
I was sa ing, I rejoined boldly
I am no coward, sir, as I will prove to you, uy
performing what you call a manly feat."
"Yon will go f he asked, quickly.
"I will." b
"Bravely said, my lad!", he rejoined, in a tone
f approval, and exchanging his expression or
fontempt for one of surprise and admiration.
"Do this, Morris, and the first man that insults
yn afterward makes an enemy of me!"
-Kain I felt a cold shudder pass through my
frame, at the thought of what was before me but
I had accepted his challenge in the presence or
"any witnesses for this conversation occurred
we were leaving the hall, after listening to an
evening lecture and I was resolved to make my
word irvwi ,l..u it --.r. kit 1if: in fact. I
Miew I eonld not do otherwise now, without the
nk of lieing driven in disgrace from the college.
"I should ni-u.rv- tb.tin those davs there
were
"e r Professional resurrectionists and aj it
was
t: .i ,l.
.msoiiueiv necessarv to nave biuijcci. i
"ii,inennpieasantl)nsinessoiprocnnuK i
'1'volved npon the students, who, n Mnseqnence,
patched ever, funeral eauerlv. and calculated
wehancea of cheating the sexton of his charge
"There had been a funeral, that day, of a poor
orphan girl, who had been followed to the grave
by very few friends; and this waa considered a
favorable chance for the party whose tum it was
to procure the next subject, as the graves of the
poor and friendless were never watched with the
same keen vigilance as those of the rich and influ
ential. Still, it was no trifling risk to attempt
to exhume the bodies of the poorest and hum
blest for not unfreqnently persons were found
on the watch even over these; and only the year
before, one student, while at his midnight work
had been mortally wounded by a rifle ball; and
another, a month or two subsequently, bad been
rendered a cripple for life by the same means.
"All this was explained to me by a party of six
or eight, who accompanied me to my room which
.uiiii a uuuuiug ueiongiiigio tne Cfillege, and
rented by ajiartnicnts to such of the students as
preferred bachelor's hall to remilarluinnliinr n,ii
j they took care to add several terrifying stories of
m uiwuuMtio, wj niij vi canning my ex-
cited nerves, just as I have sometimes observed
old women stand around n went n-roristi miui
and croak ont their experiences in seeing awful
sufferiugs and fatal terminations of just such mal
adies as the one with which their helpless victim
was then afflicted.
Is it expected that I should go alone T" I in
quired, in a tone that trembled in spite of me.
while my knees almost knocked together, and I
felt as if my very lips were white.
"cu, no,- repucti ucnsnn, mv most tlrcailed
I tormentor; "it would be hardly fair to send you
i alone, for one individual could not succeed in get
ting the IkkIv from the crave uuick enotiL'h: am!
you, a mere youth, without experience, would be
sure to fail altogether. No, we will go with vou,
some three or four of us, and help you dig up" the
corpse; bnt then you must take it ou your back,
bring it up to yonr room here, and spend the
night alnue with it!"
It was some relief to me to find I was tn li.i n
company during the first part of my awful under
taking; bnt still I felt far from agreeable, I as-
therein."
"Come, lmys," said Benson, who was always,
by general consent, the leader of whatever frolic,
expedition, or undertaking he was to have a hand
in" Come, boys, it is time to lie on the move.
A glorious night for nsf he added, throwing up
the window, and letting in a fierce gnst of wind
and rain; "thed 1 himself would hardly ven
ture out in such a storm!"
"He lit a chirk lantern, then threw on his long,
heavy cloak, took up a spade, and led the way
down stairs; and the rest of us, three besides my
timid self, threw on our cloaks also, took each a
spade, and followed him."
"We took a roundabout conrse, to avoid lieing
seen by any citizen that might chance to be stir
ring, nnd in something less than half an honr we
reached the Cemetery, scaling tho wall without
difficulty, and stealthily searched for the grave,
till we found it, in the pitchy darkness the wind
and rain sweeping past us with dismal howls and
moans, that to me, treinblingSvith terror, seemed
to be the unearthly waitings of the Kpirits of tho
damned. s
Here wo are," whispered Benson to me, as wo
at length stopped at a mound of fresh earth, over
which one of the party had stumbled. "Come,
feci round, Morris, and strike in jour spade, and
let us see if you will make as good a hand at ex
huming a dead body as you will some day at kill
ing a living one with physic."
"I did as directed, trembling in every limb;
but the first spade full I threw up, I started back
with a yell of horror, that, on any other bnt a
howling, stormy night, would have betrayed ns.
It appeared to mo as if I had thrust my spade in
to a burning lake of fire fur the first ilirt was all
aglow like living coals; and as I had fancied the
moaning of the storm the waitings of tortured
spirits, I now fancied I hair uncovered a small
portion of the Bottomless Tit itself.
"Fool!" hissed Benton, grasping my arm with
the gripe of a vice, as I stotid leaning ou my spade
for support, my very teeth chattering w'ith ter
ror; "another yell like that, and I'll make a sub
ject of yon Are yon not ashamed of yourself, to
bcM-arrdout of your wits, if j oh ever had auy,
by a little phosphorescent earth i Don't you know
that it is often found in graveyards f
"His explanation re-assured me, though I was
too weak, from my late fright, to be of any as
sistance to the party, who all fell to with a "will,
secretly laughing at me, aud soon reached the cof
fin. Splitting the lid with a hatchet, which had
been brought for the purpose, they quickly lifted
out the corpse; 'and then Benson and anlither of
the party, taking hold of it, one at the head aud
another at the feet, they hurried att ay, bidding
me follow, and leaing tlm others to till up the
grave, that it might not be sin-pet'trd that the
IkhIv had lieeu exhumed.
Having got the corpe safely over the walls
of the cemetery, Benson now called upon me to
perform my part of the horrible business.
"Here, you quaking simpleton," he said, "I
want you to take this on your back, and make
the best of your way to your room, and remain
alone with it all night. If you do this bravely,
we will claim j on as one of us to-morrow, and
the first man that dares to say a word against
your courage after that, shall find a foe in me.
But hark you! if you make any blunder on the
way, and lose our prize, it will lie better for you
to quit this place liefure I set eyes on you again
Do you understand mo f
"Y-yc-ye-yes!" I stammered, with chattering
teeth.
"Arc you ready I"
"Y-ye-ye-yes,""l gasped.
Well, come here where are you f
"AH this tiuiu it was so dark that I could not
see anything but a faint line of white, which I
knew to be the shroud of the corpse; but I felt
carefully round till I got hold of Benson, who
told me to take off my cloak and then rearing
the cold dead body up against my back, he began
tiling its cold arms about my neck bidding me
take hold of them, and draw them well over, and
keep them concealed, aud lie sure and not let go
of them, on any consideration whatever, as I val
ued my life.
"Ah! tho torturing horror I experienced, asi
mechanically followed his directions! Tongue
could not describe it!
"At length, having adjusted the corpse so that
I might bear it olf with comparative ease, he
threw my long black cloak over it, and over my
arms, and fastened it with a chord about my neck,
aud then inquired
"Now, Morris, do you think yon can find the
wav to vour room f
"I-I-Uwlo-doii't know," I gasped, feeling as if
I should sink to the earth at the first step.
"WeU, you cannot lose your way, if yon go
straight ahead," he replied. "Keep in the mid
dle of the road, and it will take you to College
Green, and then you are all right. Come, push
on, before vour burden grows too heavy; the dis
tance is only a good half mile!
"I set forward, with trembling nerves, expect
ing to sink to the ground at every step; but grad
ually my terror, instead of weakening, gave me
strength: audi was soon on the run splashing
through mnd and water with the storm howling
about me to fury, and the cold corpse, as I fan
cied, clinging to me like a hideous vampire,
"How I reached my room, I do not know but
probably bv a sort of instinct for I only remem
ber of my "brain being in a wild, feverish whirl,
with ghostly phantoms all about me, as one some
times sees them in a dyspeptic dream.
"Bnt reach my room I did, with my dead bur
den on my back; and I was afterwards told that
I made wonderful time; for Benson and his fel
low stndent8,fearing the lossof their snbject
whicb, on account oflthe i difficulty of getting bod
ies, was very valnable-foUowed close behind me
ami were obliged to run at thetop of their speed
i Ui.: t4t1tnr distance.
"Tlie firat I remfmbrt dtolnctly. A tlioc
every pore, ai mo 'uv"tr!tCTirnse. The room
was not tunc Aiiiht: andfear-
head. I glanced oniekJy and tim-

Iillvmmlinu. t.. 4h.
rTei.eIe on the Boor, s
".J?Lbt few feet from J"
right hand wail, o"" rfln -oniee, robed in it
iwWte1S-d,with.ltaW
nre S-jtj m'Jjlim of to-UgM
retting
NVH1TJK CLOUD,
upon its ghastly face, which to my excited fancy
seemed to move. Did it mover I was gazing
upon it, thrilled and fascinated with an indes
cribable terror, when, as sure as I see you now, I
saw the lids of its eyes unclose, and saw its breast
heave, and heard a low, stilled moan.
"Great God!" I shrieked, and feU back into a
swoon.
"How long I lay unconscious I do not know;
but when I came to myself again, it is a marvel
to me that, in my excited state, I did not lose my
senses altogether, aud become the tenant of a
mad house for there right before me standing
and staring upou me, and its features thin, hol
low, and deatb-hiied was the corpse I had
brought from the Cemetery.
"In God'a name, avaunt!" I gasped. "Go
back to your grave, and rest in peace; I will nev
er disturb you again."
"The large hollow eyes looked more wildly up
on me the head moved the lips parted and a
voice, in a somewhat sepulchral tone, saiil
"Where am If Where am If. Who are vou f
Which world am I iu t Am I living or dead t"
"You were dead," I gasped, sitting up iu bed,
and feeling as if my brain would burst with a
pressure of unspeakable horror; "you were dead
and buried, and I was one of the guilty wretches
who this night disturbed you iu jour iieaceful
rest. But go back, poor ghost, iu Heaven s name!
and no mortal jiowcr shall ever induce me to come
nigh j on again f"
"Oh! I feel faint!" said the corpse, gradually
sinking down iimu the floor with a groan.
"Where am 1 f Oh! where am If"
"Great God!" I shouted, as the startling truth
suddenly Ihtehed upon me; "perhaps this poor
girl was buried alive, and is now living!"
I bounded from the bed, and grasped a hand
of the prostrate body. It was not warm but it
was not eiild. I put my trembling fingers upon
the pulse Did it bcatf or was it the pulse in my
lingers! I thrust my hand upou the heart. It
was warm there was life there. The breast
heaved; she breathed; but the eyes were now
closed, and the features had the look of death.
Still it was a living body or else I was insane
myself.
"I sprung to the door, tore it open, and shout
ed for help:
"Quick! quick!" cried I, "the dead is alive!
the dead is alive!"
"Several of tho students, sleeping in adjoining
rooms, came hurrying to mine, thinking I had
gone mad with terror, as some of them had heard
my voice before, aud all knew to what a fearful
ordeal I had been subjected.
"Poor fellow!" exclaimed one, iu a tone of
sjuijuuuy, -j prisiicieii iuis.
"It is too bad," said another; "it was too
much for his nervous system
"I am not mad," returned I, comprehending
their suspicions; "but the corpse is alivo! hast
en and see
"They hurried into the room, one after anoth
er; aud the foremost stooped down to what he
supposed was a corpse, put his hand npon it, and
iiiMaimy exciaiuieu
"Quirk! alight aud some brandy! She lives!
she lives!"
"All now was bustle, confusion and excitement,
ouo prtqiosiiig one thing, and another something
else, and all shaking together. They placed her
on tho bed, aud gave her some brandy, when she
again revived. I ran for a physician," (one of the
faculty,) who came aud tended umiii her throngh
the night, and by sunrise the next morning, she
was reported to be iu a fair way for recovery.
Now, what do you think of my story, so farf
queried the Doctor, with a quiet smile.
"Very remarkable!" I replied; "very remark
able But tell me, did the girl finally recover f
"She did; and turned out to lie a most beauti
ful creature, and only sweet seventeen."
"And I suppose she blessed the resurrectionists
all the rest of her life!" I rejoined, with a laugh.
"She certainly held one of them in kind remem
brance," returned the Doctor, with a sigh.
What became of her, Doctor f
What should have become tif her, according
to the well known rules of poetic jnsticeof all
you novel writers f returned my friend, with a
peculiar smile.
"Why," said I, laughing, "she should have
turned out an heiress, and married you."
"And that is exactly what file did!" rejoined
the Doctor.
"Good heavens! Yon are jesting!"
"No, my friend, no," replied the Doctor, in a
faltering voice: "that night of horror only pre
ceded the dawn of my happiness; for that girl
sweet, lovely Helen Lcroy in time liccame my
wife, and the mother of my two Ikivs. She sleeps
now in death beneath the cold, cold wxl," added
the Doctor, in a tremulous tone, and brushing a
tear from his eye; "amino human resurrection
ist shall ever raise her to life again!"
FIRE-PROOF BL-ILDISIGft.
Horace White, of tho Chicago Tribune, iu a let
ter descriptive of the late tire, says:
There will, of course, be much curiosity to
know why the lire-proof buildings succumlx-d.
The pitetoiBce was lost by defective internal con
struction. There was hardly any wood work in
it except furniture. The floors were of stone or
clay tiles, tho w iudow-easing of iron, aud all the
outer door. iron.. But then there were no interi
or walls, or next' to none. In place of these were
upright iron columns and girders, these support
ing iron lieams, and these again furnishing the
resting places for the brick arches which held tho
several floors. Tho building itself was surround
ed ou the four sides by streets, though one of
these was as narrow as Nassau street. New York.
It had no point of contact with any other build
ing. But the heat from the iiarrow'strect set the
furniture on tire. This warped and sprung the
great iron columns w hich supported the floors,
and so the whole interior came down into the
cellar. The Tribune building was constructed
with a view to avoid this defect. There were no
iron columns in the interior except where they
were employed to give greater strength to the
brick walls. Consequently the interior is nearly
all standing, the two eight cylinder presses unin
jured to all appearances, except by the burning
of the taes and feed boards; the lieautiful engine,
whose noiseless strength I have so often admired,
scarcely sailed, the lsiilers perfectly intact, and.
most wonderful of all, two or three barrels of
Iiriuter's ink under the alley not burned or upset,
'or all this, the heat generated by a whole square
of combustible five story buildings of which the
TViJase was ou one corner, was greater than that
of an ordinary blast furnace. It was more than
sufficient to melt cast iron. Onr brick walls
were a great protection, but the exterior wall on
the sonth side, eighteen inches thick, next to a
wholesale stationery store, is bulged inward at
one place near the liottom fully two inches. This
was not enough to let the wall down, and as it
was braced with iron beams all the way up, it
was kept from falling on onr printing machinery.
A small segment fell ont of the front of the build
ing on 3Iadiaon street. This was caused by the
weight of an immense iron safe belonging to the
Charter Oak Life Insurance Company, which
stood agains a wall in the second story. The
iron beams getting more or less displaced by the
expansive power of the heat, the weight of the
safe was brought to liearupon them with a lever
age which pned a hole ten or fifteen feet wide
out of the Madison street front, aud of course
everything which rested upon it came down too.
These two bnildings are types of all the so
called fire-proof structures in the city, some sev
en or eight in number. It is ascertained that no
atone ever nsexl in the business part of the city is
worth a farthing in such a fire. Brick is the on
ly thing that comes ont whole, and is ready to
try it again. The future Chicago will be a city
of brick. But it is not fair to say that an abso
lutely fire-proof building cannot be erected. I
think it can be. At all events, the architects of
the world should come here and study.
i i
A sox of Martin F. Tnpper, the author of
"Proverbial Philosophy," baa been killed by be
ing run through the body with a loaded wagon,
"appy fellow! no longer can the sneering world
tauntthee with thy parentage! No longer will
young maidens turn aside their eyea at thy ap-
Si-j "ic-iooreaurcmns nail upon tnee ad-
In1?? nd nipest "f dead cats! No more
shall old men anrml ti,sn.i.: i j.
thy pate and warn thee against prorerbiaUy phi
losophitlng! No more .hall suspicious taldame.
cry ontOTdaoKhber-Martluv drive totS
THE OONSTITUTIOir AND THE TJKTON.
KANSAS, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1871.
p5ttHlg,
S"i,WSSJSrfSirfSSWiJWt'S'iSSMfc
CH1CATO.
ctefcei- 1. 1871.
T BUT. JUKTX.
Btaekranl and Mrediiir. Mpfea. Matii
On the chirred frarjMt ether Mattered throne.
Lies she jrbo eUiud bat jreetenlar ifaoe.
Quito of the Tfret I by mum emchanter Uacht
TalUttbecIoiyurAIaMiaVeeoTt.
Then loae-the U Una all thst wonder wrought
like her own iairie,4jr eome dunce seed emrn
Like ber own prairie,) ene brief day grows;
Like her own prairies, k ene flerce niibt mown-

She lifts ber rolee. and an heriikainitt'ealL
We hear the ery of llacodon teTtoak-?
The crjr for help, that makes ber Ua to aO.
Bat haply with wan flngeni may she feel
The silrrr rap hid in the proffered meal
The gifu hi r kinship and onr lores reveal.
i i
v-tilVK THKH MOTBEES.-1
VT JUS. U M. VUXX.
Three little white-robed darllnga, earing their tTcninz
praver.
Their dimpled flngcra folded, with crlered and wrrioua air.
Were aUnc the crarions Father to pity the hrlpleaa brood
The cruel flreliad left alune, to want for home and food.
Following awertly the muthi r'a voice, they prayed for shel
ter warm.
For the uAerin little children out in the night and atom
That lovlus hearts might take them in, and willing arms
rnfultl.
And keep them from the darkness, the banger, and the cold.
The mother pnnaed a moment, ere ahe said the soft "Amen,"
LUtenlns if either little Tiiicn had more but words, and then
Sweet little Lnlie faltered ont. nut waiting for the others:
"Dear Giil, they'll be so lonesome; won't yon pleatje to giTO
them motuerat"
nCIDE.ITS OF THE CHICAGO FIBE.
The New York JI'urM publishes the following
from its Chicago correspondent:
Ou tho morning of that terrible Monday, when
one third of the Garden City went down iu a mael
strom of fire aud flame, there occured one of thu
strangest and probably most fearful trotting races
on record. It was a race wherein the fire fiend
aud the storm king went in double harness, with
Death fora driver, against Mr. Fred Blackuur and
his brown mare Kittie. It was a single dash of
less than a mile, contested with all the firmness
of hate on one side' nnd only a hope of salvation
on the other. Kittie. who had become a. well-
known equine to all those who frequented tho
boulevards, was stabbd iu a barn on Dearborn
street, almost- opposite the post-oflice. The fire
had eaten into the heart of the city, and was rap
idly swallowing bnildinz after buildimr iu its rana-
cions jaws. Southward and northward along
Newspaper avenue, as Dearborn street was some
times called, the lire was driven by the fierce
gales which swept in eddies from over tho prai
ries. Blackmar, who livi-d in the West Division, had
gone down early in the fight to assist in saving
property from the store, and it was not until late
on Monday morning he thought of Brown Kittie.
Then ho started for tho barn, only to find thu
front of the building was one vast sheet of flame.
Nowhere could he see tho hostler. Throngh a
back door he rushed into a stable, and there stood
his jiet shivering in every limb. With a cry of
joy sue recognizcit ncr master, ami wnue no was
unfastening her halter the gentle creature placed
her none against his face and gently rubbed his
cheek. A moment later and the mare was hitch
ed to the light road wagon, the back door thrown
open, Fred sprang into the seat, and while the
burning hay dropped down ou him in fiery flakes
he drove forth into a ierfect hell of flame. There
was a narrow alley with buildings on fire on ei
ther side of it for him to drive through, and faster
than Kittie ever went before went sho through
that gauntlet of flame.
Once a tongno of flame reached across the alley
and scorched poor Kittie's handsome mane, and
almost bnrut ont oue of her bright eyes, which
were almost human in their expression; but Fred
spoke gently to her, and with never a skip she
went onward and onward across State street, and
no chance to turn to the right or left, with build
ings blazing up in front and death with double
team crowding him closely in the rear. Now Wa
liash avenue was reached, and like lightning the
little darling turned the corner and new with the
sjieed of thought southward along the broad thor
oughfare whose western side was already one loug
row of flame. With a straight road before him,
perfectly level and laid with Nicholson pavement,
Fred sent the mare along faster and faster. Away
oft" towards Jackson street ho could sec the black
smoke and the red flames reaching across, trying
to seize upon the opposite side of the way, and
should they aiicced before ho passed the spot, then
all escape was impossible. "Gently, Kittie, gent
ly!" They were the first words he hail spoken for
sometime. Now, then, my little lady," and for
the first time in all his life he tonched her with
the whip. Tim mare broke into a rnn, and there
was no stopping her. Like a thoroughbred she
sped liefore the wind, and almost in a trice she
hail cleared the fire, nnd was still running desper
ately toward the southward. Presently Wekmar
succeeded in pulling her down to a trot, aud final
ly he jogged her along at a pace so slow no one
would have supposed her the best little equine in
Christendom. Fred wouldn't take thousands of
dollars for her now, and when, a few days after
the fire, he drove around in Ashland avenue and
told another IIEn of his escapade, handsome Kit
tie was petted and caressed by fair ladies.uptil
her owner was fain compelled to wish it possible,
a change of places might be effected between him
self and his brown mare.
After the Fire Characteristic laiciaeata.
The Chicago papers give the following as inci
dents: At the East St. Louis depot on last Monday
evening, considerable confusion occurred among
the passengers who were boarding the passenger
train for Chicago, by an individual, carpet-bag in
hand, and very much excited, shoving and pushing
the crowd in his desperate eflurts to reach the
cars. He crowded aside and ellmwed men, women
and children, making a nuisance of himself gener
ally. Finallv, a gentleman whoso ribs had been
crushed bv the excited man's rlltows, and his tem
per mflled by the nnceremoneons manner in which
lie had been hustled, inquired in sharp tones:
"What the d I is the matter with you, old fel
low!" Individual in a hurry. "Must get that train."
Other Man. "Well, there is plenty of time
the train does not start for ten minutes; and, be
sides, there are several other people here who
want that train."
Excited individual. "I mm get that train, and
that's fixed. Ill get that train if it costs me my
life,"
Other Man. "What in h 11 is the necessity of
yonr reaching Chicago by this train, anyhow I"
Man in a Hurry. "I must get to Chicago to
morrow on this train, or those people up there
will have built np the whole d d town again,
and I won't see them ruins V
AXOTJIER.
On Monday morning of the fire, at about 6 o'
clock, at which honr the THinae building was
considered safe, and the people began flocking in
to Dearborn street, a man was observed carefully
examining the bricks of the ruins of Reynolds'
Block, picking them up carefully and feeling
them.
An observer asked him to explain his conduct,
when ho replied:
I was just seeing if they were cool enough, to
build irith again!"
Is the conrse of an architectural excursion in
Lincolnshire, England, lately, one of the company
discovered a monument In the Tillage church of
Leverington, to "Captain Anthony Lumpkin,"
who died in 1780. 8te Stof to Conqner. with the
immortal Tea, waa fast performed in 1773. Atra
dition connects Goldsmith in some way with the
parish.
A ladt writer in the Des Moines Jfcrfafer makes
tnis cruel innnt uw,.i,
xaenw aou sbst mm
light joowiILbotstBSerU down, and itisbst
a quarrel witB we Aiswgiiv w
men."
ArTwM1790.HrUwcJeBotpernuttedt-.
.i ..uu ..luud la Boston. i
tV.lw 14V ii
THE SCIENTIFIC BEAKINC) THE
OKEAT WXSTEaM FIKES.
Now that the dismay occasioned by the burning
of Chicago, and by the great forest fires during
the present month in Michigan, Wisconsin, ana
Minnesota, is to some extent passing away, fanci
ful scientific theories iu regard to these conflagra
tions are propounded by various newspapers and
their correspondents in surprising numbers. Sto
ries of electric flames shooting through the air, of
meteor-like balls, and of other various other mys
terious agencies, have been published and serious
ly commented upon; while the author of a letter
to a prominent Journal in this city has the assu
rance to declare it quite certain that "there is an
influence iu the air, in all great conflagrations,
which has, yet to be explained, and, if possible,
guarded against." We' imagine that most of the
sufferers in the West, if they had been guarded
against the effects of the fire, would have lieen
perfectly willing to let the influence referred to do
its worst.
These stories and theories are for the most part
due to excised imaginations, intensely affected by
stirring events, although in some few instances
they have a more discreditable origin. The sim
ultaneous and concurrent action of tho nmnerons
causes necessary to produce the conflagrations is
in itself very remarkable, even to us who are far
away from the scene. How much more wonder
ful, tlierefore, must it seem to those who witness
ed its awful displays. That in many eases both
their accuracy of perception and correctness of
judgmcut should be vastly influenced by tho
amazement and terror which they experienced
was only natural.
While every hypothesis, then, which seeks to
account for the outbreak and extent of so many
forest tires by means of any supernatural or dark
ly mysterious agency must at once lie rejected, it
is apparent that the phenomena connected with
them are of great scientific interest. Their im
portance, indeed, is much greater than might nt
first be snpposed.
Excessive dryness in earth and air, and a tornado-like
wind, have beeu the conditions present
and precedent in the case of every one of these
great fires. What cuses are productive of these
conditions, and how can their action he reduced
to a minimum f
Tho removal Of timber in large qnanties is gen
erally thought to increase the mean annual tem
perature of a country, while it decreases the hu
midity of the climate. Consequently, the exten
sive destruction of forests is regarded as nnadiis
ablo and injurious by a large proportion of scien
tific meteorologists, although a qualified dissent
from this view has reccutly been expressed in
Germany. The reduced volume of tho river Eu
phrates, anil tho lessened fertility of its valley,
are attributed to the absence of the forest's which
once grew in that region,. The drying np of the
Scaiuander, which ran by the walls of ancient
Troy, is due to a similar cause; ami tho present
comparative aridity of portions of France and
apam is explained in tne same way. lsnclian, the
well-know ii Scottish meteorologist, mentions a
valley in Ycnzuela so shut iu by mountains that
the rivers which water it havo no outlet to tho
ocean, bnt flow into its centre, where they form a
lake. During tho last thirty years of the eight
eenth century, this lake, without any assignable
cause, gradually dried up. On the breaking out
of the war of independence, however, tho valley
in which it lay liecamo tho scent of deadly war
fare, and so continued for tweuty-two years. The
lake rose from year to year, until at the end of the
war much land formerly cultivated was under
water. The explanation was simple. Forests in
a tropical climate grow with astonishing rapidity;
and tho whole district which liefore was in great
art destitute of trees, lieing unoccupied by in
labitants during the war, had become a vast
woodland.
It is plain, however, that the dryness of a conn-
try, w Here no trees existed iu tne past, cannot ne
accounted for in this manner. There is no evi
dence that the great prairies of the West were
ever woodland. At the same time, the area of
small raiufall aud severe drought which, according
to the observations of the Signal Service, occur
throughout large districts of the West and North
west in the fall, are properly to be attributed to
the treeless condition of the plains as the princi
pal cause, and not mainly, as has been suggested
by some journals, to the gradual encroachments
for our timber supply upon the forests of the
Northwest.
Oue of the greatest evils connected with the
fires is their enormous consumption of this tree
vegetation. The extent of woodlands, which
nnght to have been increased rather thau other
wise, is thus greatly diminished, and tho effect up
on the climate is precisely as if the quantity of
land burned over lad been added to the area of
firairie. There is just so much less raiu-compell-ng
land there is just so much more drought-producing
land.
The high w iiids by which the fires were so de
structively fanned were also, judging from the
descriptions given, similar to those which are
characteristic of comparatively treeless regions.
In some instances the proximity of the lakes
doubtless contributed to their violence. 'We be
lieve it lias been noticed in several of the Western
States that the tornadoes occurring within their
borders have increased in frequency and severity
in proportion as the forests have been destroyed.
Tree-planting and tree-preserving are the obvi
ous precautons needed iu the West. So long as
the drying and beating influence of the prairies
exist as now, it will extend far and wide over
neighlioriiig regions, with fntnre resnlts as deplo
rable as those we havo jest witnessed. To remedy
this, land-holders in every prairie State should be
required and enconraged by law to plant trees.
On the other hand, the reckless destruction of
timber lieing equally detrimental, laws should be
enacted in every State for the purpose, of guard
ing against it. So far as the lands of tho United
States are concerned, Congress could properly in
terfere. Xac York Sun.
Thelaslaieawearalayswjetaia CMcaa:.
The correspondent of the Detroit Dree treu
writes as follows from Chicago
The Michigan Avenue Hotel has been, until to
day, in the hands of a grasping wretch, who saw
his El Dorado in the misfortunes of his adopted
city. Being the most commodious house in town,
andjustatthe edge of the burnt district, it was
naturally the resort of nearly all the houseless
citizens who had money, and many strangers from
abroad. A story is current everywhere, but may
be exagerated, that the landlord exacted fifteen
dollars for food and shelter. Complaint was made
to General Sheridan, who sent an officer to remon
strate with the avaricious landlord. The latter
threw himself npon his dignity, and, asserting
that he was entitled to sell his accommodations
for what he could get, with" sufficient impudence
asked the reason of his being snmmoned to n,
swer for it. The reply was that the city was un
der martial law, and the military authorities
were answerable for the good behavior of the
citizens. Remonstrances had no effect npon the
upstart, and contemptuously spurning the author
ity, he' went on with his exactions.
A file of soldiers was then detailed to guard the
entrance. They had orders to let auy person pass
ont, but under no consideration to permit one to
pass in. A great nnmber of guests strolled out,
one after another, and as the hour for preparing
dinner approached, servants were dispatched to
get water from the lake for use about the kitch
en. They were forbidden entrance, and, although
there was a fire, the pots would not boil for lack
of that other essential element, water. Fnming
with rage. Extortion, in the person of the land
lord, went down to remonstrate. He was told
that martial law reigned, and that he could not
enter his own building. White with impotent
rage, and gnashing his teeth at being foiled, he
went to headquarters, humiliated himself, and on
promises of proper behavior the restriction was
taken off. He then, sorely against his mind, mod
erated his charges, bnt took revenge in the quali
ty of hi service.
The Michigan Avenue Hotel to-day passed un
der the charge of the old proprietors of the Tre
mont House, who 'will sxcoBunodate guests in a
gentlemanly way, and at prices that no one can
complain of, as has always been their custom, and
brought so ranch repute npon the hotel formerly
in their charge.
WKXprxLPHnxi says: "I have given thirty
years of wy life and I rejoice to luwo been iper
nvitted to give them to the redemption of ee.
K 1 am spared another ten Testa. I2J
amtnautted to give them to t be redentption or every
r i 3u -in. a.; iiida
mmmm wou woa w
i TEKMS
(Fnm tin AOantic IfuttUy. far Dntmltr.)
CB1CACO.
bt Joint o. wBTrmut.
Ilea raid at vrapera: An b well!
In
swild
nieht the eitr fell:
Fell ahrinea of prayeruid marts of eain.
Before the fiery hurricane.
On threescore apirea had aonaet shone.
Whet e sbaatly annrbai looked on none
Men elaaped each other's banda, and aald
The City of the West la dead!
Brave hearts who fomrht, in alow retreat.
The sends of ore from street to street.
Turned, powerless, to the blinding glare,
The damn defiance of deapalr.
A aodden impulse thrilled each wire
That aicnaled round that ana of fire' 4
Swift worda ml cheer, wans heart-throbs came;
In tears of pity died the flamet
From Eaat, from Weal, from South, and North,
The meeucea of bope abot forth.
And, underneath the aeTerini; ware.
The world, full handed, reached to aare.
Fair seemed the old bnt fairer till.
The new the dreary void nhal fill.
With dearer home than thoae overthrown.
For lore shall lay each cornerstone.
Else, stricken dty from thee throw
The ashen aackcloth of thy woe;
And build, aa Tbehea to Amphiim'a atraln.
To eongs of cheer thy walla again!
Row ahriTrUed, In the hot distress.
The primal ain of aelflahneaa!
How instant me, to take tby part.
The angel hi the human heart!
Ah! not In rain the flames that toaaed
.A bore thy dreadful holocaust:
The Christ acain has preached through thee.
The gospel of humanity
Then lift once more thy towers on high.
And fret with spires the Western aky.
To tell that God Is yet with na.
And lore la still nunculoua!
FOREMT A!B FIBER.
The extraordinary ravages of fire iu the great
valley of the St. Lawrence during the present
autumn has elicited a discussion in some of the
Eastern journals, of the question whether the
destruction of forests by man has not occasioned
the very drouths which havo facilitated the des
truction or so much or the remainitig lorsts by
fire. Reasoning or imsgining themselves into a
belief of the affirmative to this question, some
Kaitical organs go so far as to suggest that not
only the state legislatures, but congrrs should
take action on the subject, nnd have "stringent
laws enacted tn compel tho individuals and com
panies that are destroying our majestic American
forests to repeoplo the waste places, wherever
agriculture does not claim the laud;" and it is ad
ded that it would lie well to secure the co-opera
tion or the Canadian authorities in the grand
scheme, as our northern neighbors are as crcat
forest destroj'ers as ourselves. In advocating any
such sweeping proposition, a tnlimoiithril scienti
fic term is very' useful, and accordingly, in tho
name of hvgromotry, (Greek for weather-wisdom)
the ronsoliilatinnists pruose that congress shall
regulate the planting of trees on every fanner's
land from Maine to California. Then the seed
bureau at Washington, instead of merely sending
slips and cuttings of foreign trees to those who
ask for them, will issue general orders alxmt the
planting of our native trees; and if tho protect
ionists do lint seize the occasion to have a pro
hibitive internal revenue tax put upon fence-rails
for the encouragement of the homo manufacture
of wire fences, fanners will have to apply to somo
federal officer to decide for him how much of his
own timber he may cut down to enclose his own
laud. This mav seem exanrerated: but a mo
ment's reflection will show that forest laws, if
worth anything at ail, must be made to apply to
all )iersons aiiKe.
Hygrometry as a science is yet in its infancy,
and while its general laws are tolerably well as
certained, tho application of them in explaining
the vicissitudes of climate iu a particular region
remains very difficult. The aridity of any parti
cular Mrtion of the earth's surface usually arises
from creat permanent causes in the direction aud
height of ranges of mountains, the prevalence of
certain winds, and the course or ocean streams.
As long as the great tropical trado wind blows
from the Atlantic westward!' over Brazil until it
is arrested by the towering Andes, the valley of
the Amazon will be a region of almost perpetual
moisture and the Pacific coast of Pern a rainless
desert. Were fire or the hand of man to destroy
every blade of grass in Ireland, our gulf stream
would soon again clothe with verdnre the "green
isle of the on an." The general opinion of men
of science is that the total destruction of moun
tain forests will diminish the average annual fall
of rain iu their neighborfaoodrand eases are cited
in which tho aridity of certain districts is, ascri
bed to that canse. But until we know' more ac
curately "than we now do the history of the clian
ges in the earth's surface in those ditrictsit will
be difficult to determine what importance is to be
attached to the destruction of forests an bringing
with it aridity of soil. And until we snpply the
history, now wanting, of agriculture in such dis
tricts, we are left in doubt whether some volcanic
action, sudden or gradual, may not have been the
real canse of lioth the disappearance of the forests
and the sterility of the soil. It is at least remar
kable that nearly if not all the countries once
fertile bnt now more or less cursed with sterility
parts of Spain, Palestine and the Euphrates
valley, for instance were once subject to violent
volcauic influences which have long entirely
ceased to lie active; and countries around active
volcanoes arc invariably fertile, or well wooded,
or both. SI. LmU Republican.
lacete Pilea aswa lac Maewalk.
William C. Lelley, writing to the Philadelphia
Pre of the mineral wealth of the Rocky Mountain
region, which he is now engaged in exploring, tells
thistory:Passingalongoneof the business streets
of Salt Lake City dunng the evening early in
August last, I found the broad sidewalk obstruc
ted by long piles about four feet high of what,
being fresh from Pennsylvania, I took in the dim
light to be pigs of iron of unusual length aud
width. To have bought them as snch wonld have
made my fortune at a single stroke. They were
ingots of matte, produced from the argentiferous
galena ore of mines in the Cottonwood and neigh
boring canons. Their rliief ingredients, measured
by qnantity, are lead, silver and gold if mrafnred
by valne the order is reversed. They were awai
ting purchase and shipment because there are no
adequate smelting works in the valley. The skill
of the valley is exhausted in mincing the ore to
matte. The owners of one mine, the Emma, find
it to their advantage to send most of their ore
direct to England, ami have a contract with the
Union Pacific Company to carry one hundred tons
per flay, making seven trains of ten cars weekly.
Before shipment the ore is carefully packed in
stout cotton sacks, on each of which the weight
is market!.
A "Laa Mirer."
The Missippi is almost dried up. The majestic
river whose magnificent Tolnmetwo thousand
miles from its outlet has been the theme of the
tourist's admiration; so broad and deep that it
seemed some grand estuary of the sraoti which
the natives of the world might ride, has shrunk
to a mere ridicnlons creek, and its thin and at
tenuated enrrrnt crawls lazily, as if it were asha
med of its shrank shanks, among .low, red, bare
submarine ridges and beaches of sand that have
never seen tho sun before, since Ood separated
the waters from dry land. The water has never
been so low within the memory of the oldest
inhabitant- Herds of cattle bask in the sunshine
on the dry bed of the great river tenor fifteen
feet nnder the level of the water, where a few
months ago great fleets of steam ImaU rode at
will. Boys with tbeir.trowsers rolled np to their
knees sound with their feet the grand myste
rious depths which hare engntfed so manv way
ward lmv and hapless men whom accidents or
rssfaneeo has entangled hi tho strong swift uboct
tam.St. nl Pre.
BosTArABTT. died in his military garb, his field
marshal's nnifnrm ami his boots, which lie bad
ordered to 1 put on a short time before his dis
solution." Angnstns Cawar chner to die in a stan
ding position, and was careful in arranging-bis
person and dress for the occasion. Siward, Earl
of Northumberland, when 'at the point of his death
quitted hia bad and pat an Ms armor, saying that
it became sot a man to die Hke a bra."
JoTv To coast ysstr money, aad Sad it orernm
a handred dollan.
2.00 PER ANNUM, IN ADTANCE.
WHOLE NUMBER, 750.
ALEXIS MX THE OIL KEOIS.SIM.
Anticipating a visit from the Russian Grand
Duke, the Titusville Herald thus describes the
preparations which might be made for his recep
tion
The committee who havo charge of the Prince
have not yet made any definite arrangrinrnts, but
it is.prolaule he will come by way of the IVunsyl
vani Tubing and Transjiortation line, to afford
him an opportunity to maintain' the "gravity" for
which he is alttavs noted. Ifn mav rbnnm.
mind, however, and arrive bvway of Pleasaut
ville. mono of the celebrated line of "jaunting
canTnowplyinglictwcen that city and this. Tho
stannch sidewheel craft, the "Belle of Red Hot,"
and n pair of web-footed mule that can skim
over the country roads as though they were ou
land, has already taken her station near the five-'
mile drinking station, and a man is kept standing
on the hind quarter deck of the near quadruped
night and day, who will, as soon as the Prince is
sighted, cut the breechiug, let slip his anchor, and
hniig the news to tho top of Magee'a Hill, where
a fleet of oil wagons, wheelbarrows, hand-carts
and chaise an-lying at anchor. A memlierof the
Common Council and the City Auditor, if they
can bo harnessed together peacefully fur a few
minutes, will then lioard the roval craft by crawl,
ing throngh the stem ports and ascertain whether
tlie Itiiico desires to enter the city tho same day
he arrives, or would prefer to remain iu quaran
tine a day or two until the prominent citizens are
shampooed, shaved aud sinned np. Whatever de
cision the Duke arrives at will 1. resiH-ctrd, savo
that he must pass throngh the Titnstilln and Pit
hole plank road tollgate after which he cau strike
any gate he chooses.
Captain O'Bricu, of the sir-mule corvette, who
is in charge of the reception sqnadron, who has
drove a hack fr twenty yeara," and now has
hacking cough among his testimonials, will havo
the exclusive privilege of taking the Prince bv tho
coat collar and assisting him into his vehicle.
The route of the proeessmu w ill be confined to tho
1 cnnsylvania Petroleum Company railroad, and
it will break ranks at the new County Court
Honse.
It is thought now-that the Street Commissioner
w ill roof over the Dutch Gap excavations in Spring
street and convert them into luxurious subterra
nean suites of apartments, as the distingnlidted
visitor will probably remain six mouths in onr
midst, and ilesifm some oniet retreat where ha
will not lie disturbed, as he would Iwi in the com
mon hotels usually devoted tn entertaining "big
bugs." The Prince too is noted for his sociability
and freedom from supercilious snobbishness. He
is always willing to descend to a level with the
people, and in this case will go about ten feet bo-low-.
The Russian Minister, M. Catarazv, and the
consul, ha o spoken for the branch lines of the
excavations, while the Prince will ocenpy tho
main. The front entrance, which is at the month
of Church mil, secures tho utmost privacy; only
ono man can enter at a time, and ho is compelled
to crawl several blocks on his hands and knees
liefore going into the royal apartments. A guard
will lie stationed at the ILiniMlall reservoir, and
at given signals will flood the sewer pijio or en
trance with water, thus cflVctitallv preventing
any admission to interviewers from Oil Citrand
HjdeUiwn. Within the Duke's Castle nil i's gor
geous to the extreme. A Westminster c.-irjM't of
cmdo petroleum tint covers tho floor. It is five
feet thick, and yields to tho pressure of the foot
until the head of tint orrupaiit only is seen. The
shorter IiRniUrs of the Duko's staff are only ena
bled to navigate these apartments by tho aid of
bladders tied under, their rhin. It is tliat fact
that led to an unreliable, correspondent stating
that several of tho royal family were troubled
with joifrc. Etnisran vases nilio feet in height,
occupy four comers in the room, each filled with
rare native perfumes lMtiiliar to this region,
among which are "extract do sewer," "boonet
de acid works." "refinery roses," and "night
blooming soap fat." The bun-ait is of tho frecd
men's pattern, and contains several pairs of Gov
ernment drawers. It is splendidly carved by a
turkey carver. A slab of marhlrizcd bull wheel
covers tho top, and supports a splendid full length
mirror, swung ou pivots. On each sidn is a wing-
ed angel standing on his head, nnd snpiorting,
cirens fashion, on bin feet a rotiplo of oil tanks iii
gold, containing peppermint and goose hair oils,
while a small cherub sits on the top, and with a
Bilvcr squirt gnu, perfumes the room with lemon
and vanilla flavonng extracts. All around are
othrr lnxnrinns devices, lounges for lounging, di
vans for diving, and chairs of snch orieutal vnlup.
tnoiisness that the tetter or ocenpaut disappears
in their velvet depths and cornea out on the floor
below. Paiier collar boxes filled with nmlio.-nn v
sawdust are placed within easy expectoratinc
t .1:. v.
imiikc i eicij uiiTviHin. Hanging aronuu the
walls are portraits of eminent Citv Connrilmen
and Street Commissioners, while full length poS
traits of the Pavement committees, each framed
in samples of his favorite pavement, are also dis
played.
These are bnt few of the many features that
will be made public when the Duke arrives. He
will sleep on a solid gold bedstead; the sheets
are of sheet silver, while.the "kiverlids" are of
malleable brass. The washbowl Is of solid gold,
and the toilet soap is in the shape "of silver bricks;
it don't lather very well, but is elegant In the ex
treme, and is paid for by the City Auditor, after
being approved by the Council. "The Prince will
be groomed every'moniing with gold cnrry-comlis,
and rubbed down, with lubricating oiL To bo
sore, the programme is less extravagant than
that of New York, for Titusville is not vet acens-
tomn to entertaining foreign princes, and must
begin by doing it on the half shcU."
i i a
The Hon. Mrs. Norton savs that she is tlm real
author of "East Lynne," and intimates that Mrs.
Henry Wood Is merely literary pirate. We are
glad to see that Mrs. Norton has the courage to
laae ner own part, out sorrr to lie obliged to
transfer onr allegiance from Mrs. Wood. 'When
the sensibilities have for many years been har
rowed up by the errors and expiations of LadV
isaiiei and Madame vine. It is sad to be compelled
to turn one's back npon the anthorn who is
generally lielieved to he the creator of those deep
ly interesting characters. Mrs. Norton's expla
nation is that "East Lynne" is merelv an exnan-
sion, into three volume size, of a short tale, which
son nenvn romnomeu many years ago to ine
then fashionable race of annuals. The worth of
Mrs. Norton's private character will scarcely ad
mit of her statements lieing questioned; bnt the
troth which they emliody will surprise! no one
who has taken the pains to reflect upon the
wonderful celerity with which Mrs. Wood throws
off her novels.
IIkue is what one, who went to Salt Lake to
"see what he could see," says of what he did see:
"Many Mormon wires area sisters, and it ia said
get along quite harmoniously. The very nature
of women seems to lie changed here, and tnmed
npaide down and inside ont. An intelligent "first
wife" told a Gentile neighlior that the only wicked
feeling that she had alut her husband taking a
second wife was that he did not take her sister,
who wanted him, or rather a share Iu him. Sho
wonld like to have the property kept in the fam
ily. I saw, the other flay, apairof yonnir wires.
Tenters, walking band-in-hand, dressed alike in
every pellicular, or the same apparent age in
deed, looking so ranch alike that it waa almost a
case or mitigated nigamy. it mnst seem queer,
even to them, to sa v "onr husband," as they used
to say "onr piano" or "our pony."
Tire theory of an onen nolsr ski is ilmn.1.
corroborated, if Indeed it may not he said to be
sniMtauiiairn, oy tne report made from tlio Aus
trian expedition. This expedition, led by Cap
tain Weypreeht, reports open water from the forty-second
to tho sixtieth degrees east, north of
the sevent v-eiffbth. Ther attained seventr-oine
degrees on the forty-eigth meridian east. Dr.
jvaners greatest nonning waa eighty-two urgreca
thirty minutes on the twrenty-seeond meridian
west, and Parrr. in 1827. went as far as eighty-
four. The Austrian exirforBtlon is, therefore.
much south of both Parry and Kane, but seems to
have established tacts of rw significance.
The first edition of "Webster's Dictionary"
ever published was a small I2mo volume, heanng
this imprint: "From Sidney's Press, for Hudson
Goodwin, booksellers, Hartford, and Increase
CookeCobcellers,New'Haveri lSeS."
Tn highest rate of interest that we pay, it fee
borrowed ti'oublia. Thinss that are uirtniu.
tog to aim, tmrer do asjipam.
"nd the grave of its victim.