WASHINGTON.
Record of Yesterday’s
Proceedings in Con
gress.
The Treasury Department In
vestigation Resolution Pas
sed in the House.
Speech of Senator Trumbull on
Civil Service Reform.
ikerman Expected to Retire During
the Present Week,
Supreme Court Decision of Interest
to Commercial Travellers.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
AKER3IAN TO RETIRE.
W AsniNOTON, Dec. 11.—It is given out to-night,
l*y those supposed to be posted, that Akorman
vill retire during the present week, and that
Williams, of Oregon, fully expects to succeed
him. So ceitain is the latter of the change that
be Is taking steps to secure a house In view of
entering the Cabinet.
-and t reduction or TAXATION.
Assi'' The Ways and Means Committee will soon re
gold c l‘°rt favorably upon Lynch’s bill for remitting
lor th and refunding the tonnage tax on sales of v.es-
TheV P6 lb, and will add an amendment fprovlnlng for
ing cha abolition of tho income tax, and removing
-incrcasxJhe tax on many small manufactures.
U&& i tmtvman cases.
Money The Judges of the Supremo Court are now en
easy at Caged upon a formal opinion under the legal
decision. Five or six separate opinions
pc expected.
THE GEORGIA SENATOBSIIIP
Is to be considered at once by the Committee on
•Privileges and Elections. The credentials of the
ir Jl elected, Mr. Norwood, were referred to it to
day. Blodgett's case is also before ii.
COMMERCIAL TRAVELLERS.
In tho Supreme Court to-aay. a unanimous de
fit.on was rendered that the laws by which taxes
are levied in some of the States upon commercial
travellers arc unconstitutional, being opposed to
the clause which declares that the citizens of
cn» h State shall possess all tho privileges and im
munities of citizens of tho several States.
sickles.
While the return of General Sieklcs from
Madrid is in no sense a recall, thVadministrution
being entirely satisfied with his course, it is not
expected here that lie will return, but that he will
remain to take an active part In the political
campaign next summer.
AMNESTY BILL.
c is bow stated that no amnesty bill will ’bo
Erie -considered before the holidays, In view of the re-
cent action of the Southern Investigating Coin-
Bear mittee, and also the opinions elicited in the dis
yitf c Sf: on at tbe docent meeting of the House Judi
j»or ciary Committee. It is considered that when this
measure is onee taken up there will be but little
opposition to Its passage.
appropriation bills.
•Mr. Banka offered five bills in t be House to-day,
"Which were prepared at the State Department.
Two provided for carrying into cfleet that part of
Iho Washington Treaty relating to fisheries and
6* -canals; one to more effectually enforce the Four
teenth Amendment, and the balance for appro
pria lions to pay tbe Joint High Commisssion.
tp The latter calls for $02,500; also contains a provi-
C sion for another appropriation of $2.*0,000 to meet
the of various future commissions to bo
appointed under the Treaty,
Mr. Poland, of the Kn-Klnx Committee, to-day,
nsted for $40,000 deficiency to meet expenses cx
ueediug the former appropriation.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Mr. Trumbull’s resolution providingforthc re
vival ol the joint Select Retrenchment Committee
met considerable opposition to-day. Mr.
Coiihhng's resolution, for which he claimed prior
ity In point of time, and precedence iu point of
importance, provided simply for the investigation
■ol the Hodge defalcation, whereas the one offered
by Mr. Trumbull goes to the shortcomings of all
■officials connected with the civil service. Conk
ling was opposed to the special committee ou prin
ciple, and intimated that the .-landing committees
could dispose of all cases of the present class.
Finally, after considerable debate, Sir. Trnmbull
tacked his hill to Conkling’s as an amendment,
and when the Senate went into executive session
Both were pending.
REVENUE REFORM RILL
M. Sumner got in his Revenue Reform bill to
day, and moved its reference to tho Finance Com
mittee, with the remark that with the proposed
reduction of taxation there should be a corres
ponding reduction of .the expensive machinery
through which the taxes are collected. Mr. Sher
man, as Chairman of the Finance Committee, and
who knows by experience how jealous the House
is of what it assumes to be its constitutional
rights-in claiming exclusive original jurisdiction
of all measures afiecting ihe public revenue, did
not -exactly object to having this bill referred te
hi- committee, but endeavored to show that such
a reference would merely be so much labor lost.
The Senatt, however, passed Mr. Sumner’s reso
lution of reference.
TERRITORIAL RELEGATES WANT POSITIONS ON
COMMITTEES.
Before Speaker Blaine had made up his list of
committees, several Territorial Dele
gates mado a request of him that one of their
buuiDcr should be recognized on the Territorial
Committee. The request was not acceded to on
tho ground that such appointment would not he
in conformity with Congressional practice. Ter
ritorial Delegates have, however, been looking
up precedents, and have discovered, first, that
when Missouri was a Territory the Delegate from
there was once appointed Chairman of a Special
Committee to carry out the jirovisions of a reso
lution which he introduced; and, second, that the
delegate from this District, by the act of Congress
CroatingthisDistrict aTerritory, iscr ofTfWomem-
1 u.*r of the Committee on the District of Columbia
Affairs. With these precedents to support them,
another request will be preferred to the Speaker,
to make the appointment as originally desired,
t. a Delegate on the Territorial Committee.
AN INJURED BACKWOODSMAN.
A Wisconsin backwoodsman, who claims to
nave been cheated out of the proceeds of a whole
year's labor, amount ins to about $309, by lawyers
and courts in his Etatc, created considerable stir
at the White House to-day. He was vociferous
in i.;s demands to see the President, whom he
•wanted to reverse the decision of the courts, and
giro him an order for the payment of his money.
He had with him a large shot bag filled with pa
pers, which he claimed presented evidence of
an the justice of his claim. General Dent informed
soi«*he Western gentleman that the President as yet
caY.uad uot been given jurisdiction over cases of this
of i Yaracter, and would, therefore, be compelled
httV decline any interference,
vw!. [To the Associated Press.]
nominations.
Washington. Dee. 11.—The President sent the
the Senate to-day Al
in a Shannon, of Nevada. Register of the Land
Oilicv vt Austin, Nevada; John L. Roult. of Illi
nois. econd Assistant Postmaster General: Or
lvm< :v Letcher, Postmaster at Bryan. Ohio; John
j; Mcßride, Superintendent of the United States
Assrv Office at Boise City. Idaho; Win. D.
ilimncs, Assay Clerk at Boise City. Idaho;
Charles A. Martino, Assayer at Boise City,
J daln); Robert P, Andrews, Moltcr and Refiner m
the Branch Mint at Carson City.yer.; Shaiah
Waters. Assessor of Internal Revenue. Third Dls
tiictui Tennessee; Dr. Risley, of Nevada. Agent
Joi the Indians of the Upper Platte Agency, at
W'itvtsivim,
NOMINATIONS CONFIRMED.
The Senate, in executive session to day, con
lit mod the following nominations: Frederick
Waits, oi Pennsylvania, Commissioner of Agri
ciihurc; Francis A. Walker, of Mas
wachusctts, Commissioner of Indian
Allans; David M. Armstrong, of New York. Con-
Mil General at Rome; James'L. Graham, Jr., of
New York, Consul at Florence; Matthew B,
Dougall. of New York. Consul at Dundee; James
Id. Lucas, of Illinois, Consul at CUec Foo.
oUectors of jfcrcuuc—Irvine Todd,
~ctoud District of Minnesota; George A. King,
for Nevada.
ZUtrcilniicous F. Drew, Collector of Customs
for the District of 1 uget Siound, Washington Ter
jfiory; George A. Ldes, Collector of Customs for
Ala.-ka Terrilorj J Edvrard haFavour. Appraiser
of Merchandize Wm. MeMiehael AsMst-inr At.
forucy General of the Vulu-d States- C
Bates, United States Attorney for Utah r iu-ini
Roc. Marshal for the Souther Strict of
Illinois; Joseph W. Fisher, ™h«cf JnstiSa
ot the Supreme Court of s J-iraS
Neville. United States Attorney for’Neb™Si
George Andrews, Attorney for the WesternniV
irict of Tcnvessoe; William Spen,. ft aiiSlal for
the middle district of Tennessee; David r. j„bn.
ton, Jr., Associate Justice of the .Supreme Court
of New Mexico; Lewis H. Dimgl a «w, sotl
Frederick Douglass. member of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia.
The nomination of Waiter R. Irviiur, of niinos
to be Register of tho Land Olfice iu Utah, was
withdrawn.
Postmasters— Frederick E. Lester, Charlotte
Mich.; Clinton Spencer, Ypsilauti, Midi.; Samuel
Somers, at Tecnmseh, Mich.. William Wal
lace, Battle Creek, Mich.; Alfred c. Van
Tine, Sauduskv, O.; Hiram Ro.sc, Norwalk, O.;
C. C. Elwell. Keut, O.; J. L. Lewis, Barnesvillc,
O.*, Ohadiah Slcmuious, Cadiz, O.; J. Hopkins,
Taylor, Boise City, Montana; Albert F.
Phillips, at Kokomo, lud.; Joslah D. Treat,
Elko, Nev.; Samuel Ilcxiuger, Clarks
ville. Team; William P. Forsythe, Jefferson,
Wia.: c. H- Newell, Glenwood, la.; James 8.
Clarkson, Des Moines, In.; Wm. B. McCormick,
Chariton, lu.; Wm.Meldon, lowa Falls, la.; Ca
<let Taylor, Wenona Station, HI.; D. M. Simmons
VOLUME 25.
Jacksonville, III.; Isaac C. Pugh. Decatur. 111-;
WcAlUster, Champaign, III.; A. C Vande-
Paua, 111.; Mrs. Electa U. Smith, Sterling,
CONGRESSIONAL.
SENATE.
Washington, Dec. 11.
MR. SUMNER RELIEVED.
Mr. Sumner, at his own request, was relieved
from the Chairmanship of the Committee on Priv
ileges and Elections.
PETITIONS.
Petitions were presented and referred, asking
fora repeal of the duty on salt.
BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CHANDLER introduced a bill for deepen
ing the St. Clair Flats canal to 1C feet. Referred.
Mr. POMEROY, for the sale of the Kansas In
dian lauds. Ac. Referred.
Mr. MORTON presented a joint resolution pro
viding for the adjournment of Congress on tho
third Monday in May, 1871. Laid over.
Mr. TRUMBU LL presented a bill to restore tho
records of the United Stateo Courts in tho North
ern District of Illinois. Referred; also a bill for
the relief of the United States Marshal of that
district. Referred.
By Mr. Lvgau. A Joint resolution legaliz
ing the issue of good blankets, etc., by the Secre
tary of War to Chicago sufferers. Tabled.
CHICAGO COURT RECORDS.
Mr. Trumbull's bill authorizes tbe Judges of the
United States Courts in Chicago to direct
that such steps be taken ns they
may deem advisable to restore tho records and
tiles destroyed by the tire, and to employ elects
of courts and the United States Attorney for said
purpose, at a salary not exceeding $12,000 for
clerks and SO,OOO for the attorney.
THE HODGE DEFALCATION CASK.
Mr. CONKLING moved tho consideration of a
resolution dircctiugtho Military Committee to in
quire into the defalcation, of Paymaster Hodge,
Mr. TRUMBULL suggested that they had bet
ter wait the action on ms concurrent resolution
appointing a special committee on retrenchment
and eivil.scrvko reform.
Mr. AVILSOJf favored Mr. Trumbull’s proposi
tion.
Mr. LOGAN argued that tho Committee on Fi
nance should ijpftjsiigatc the Hodge case.
Mr. TRUMBULL moved to substitute his reso
lution for Mr. CONKLING'S, and read from tho
report of the joint committee on retrenchment
on the abuse? of the New York Custom House to
show the necessity forthe revival of that comit
mitiec. That report showed that tho salaries of
supernumerary weighers alone amounted to $57,-
oooa year; that by the warehousing-svstem iu
use, importers were robbed of immense sums
annually, and that a great many other hinds of
plundering were going on in the namo of tho
trovenmieuT. It was generally believed through
out the country that the patronage of the gov
ernment was used for mere partisan purposes,
or worse, in many eases for personal purposes,
and the time had come when it was necessary to
investigate in every department of the govern
ment whether these things were as charged, to
expose them if they were so, and if not to set
the public mind at rest by a statement of the
truth. In olden times removals from subor
dinate government offices were of rare
occurrence. There were only nine removals
during the eight years of Washington's adminis
tration, and only ton during that of the elder
Adams. Even Jefferson, who, when ho came into
power, found the ollices tilled with his political
adversaries, removed only thirty-nine persons
dining bis two terms. Madison removed but five
in his eight years, Monroe only nine, and John Q.
Adams only twenty-one. in those days men
were appointed to office for their fidelity to the
constitution, their abilitj* and integrity,
and not for mere partisan reasons.
Jackson, however, made a great manv removals,
and introduced the spoils which has
ever since been poisoning tho purity of the civil
service. Party organization was necessary and
proper, and wiien a party came into power it
ought of course to select for all offices requiring
the exorcise of discretion, persons in harmoay
with itself; but when it came to tilling subordin
ate and merely ministerial ollices, tho question
should not he about mere party connections, but
about their iltness to perform the du
ties of the ollices and their integrity.
He (Mr. Trumbull) did not believe in using the
patronage and power of the government for the
purple of perpetuating party rule, but for the
purpose of promoting measures best for tho in
terests of the whole country, and, therefore, he
was in favor of tilling subordinate government
offices with the most upright and capable men
who could be found to take them, instead of with
mere partisans. Of late years, however, the ap
pointment to otlice under government had be
come not merely a party matter, but
in a great many instances a personal
matter. livery Senator knew that the principal
grounds upon whichollice was sought orobtained
now were that the great mass of applicants had
been unfortunate in business and wanted the
government to .give him an office by which he
could retrieve Ids fortunes, or else upon the
ground that he had been very iniluential at some
election. In this connection Mr. Trumbull read
an extract from the testimony of a witness
named Horton, examined by the Committee on
Retrenchment,who. iu being asked whatinfiii'mcc
had obtained for him his position in the New
York Custom House, replied that
it was his own political slat ns. Now, euid Mr.
Trumbull, 1 want this committee, for tho pur
pose ot allowing such {.investigations as have
been made in regard to this question of tho use
ot patronage. I want a reform, aud a substan
tial reform, of the civil service. I believe it
would be a long stvp toward reform to pass a law
disconnecting members of Congress with appoint
ments to office, and I introduced a bill some time
ago to that oflect. If that were a law, bo that no
man should be appointed to any office who had
obtained a recommendation from any member
of Congress, it would have a very salutary effect
not wily upon applicants for office, but upon
members of Congress, and the heads of depart
ments also. Tho independence of members of
Congress cannot be maintained when they have
to put themselves under obligations for the ap
pointment of their friends to office, and tho in
dependence of heads of departments caunot bs
maintained when they arc liable to be assailed by
members unless they show them favors iu the way
of appointments tootlicc. It is no unusual thing,
even in this body, for appointments to have been
made. At least such things have occurred iu
former times. I tliink there is abroad a general
Impression that there is great corruption iu the
public service. Tho late exposures in Now York
have awakened a public sentiment on this subject
throughout the nation; but how was it possible
for Tammany to perpetrate those frauds I It
never would have been possible except
upon this principle of partisanship
in official positions. Do you suppose
that the men who have been arrested for rob
bing the people of New York of so many millions
nf dollars, have got those million*! r doubt not
thevbavca considerable portion, bntl believe
that they have had to spend many of those mill
ions to keep themselves in power year after year-
Tl-.c money has been paid to persona with political
luffnence—paid for the packing of conventions
ami carrying of elections by ballot stuffing.
Let us separate the Federal Government
from any suck use of its patronage. Let us have
a h/ghcr state of morals among its officials. Let
us elevate both official integrity and public au
thority, by insisting that tho public patronage of
the country shall no more ho used for mere self
ish and partisan purposes than the public monies
in the Treasury. Let us do this, and, with a gov
ernment so puritled, republican institutions may
he continued but unless wc have purity in tho
administration of the government, tho prediction
of Clay that the republic would go down in a des
potism worse than that of Constantinople, must,
sooner or later, bo fulfilled.
Mr. EDMUNDS thought tho question was not
whether It is necessary to purify tho public ser
vice, but what is the wisest and most effective
way of doing it. Every Senator and member of
the House owed his position to political status,
and it had been attained by some service done
their patty. The Senator had said that he did
object Uncertain important offices being filled by
party men. but he had not stated where howould
draw the line. It was reasonable to presume,
however, that he would have to go
pretty far down in tho scale of public
officials before he could trust to having a policy
faithfully and efficiently earned out by those
whoweio opposed to it. [Laughter.} He (Mr.
Edmunds) was sorry to hear Senator Trumbull
say that the President had stated In his message
that the civil service was demoralized, because
the President had not said so. He had merely
said that it would admit of improvement. So far
from having become demoralized under this ad
ministration, the civil service had been
raid'd from a state of real demoralization,
in which it was at the end of President
Johnson's term. Even tho New Y’ork Custom
House though situated in an atmosphere recking
with corruption, hud been, to some extent, re
formed, ana the records showed that the much
abused Thomas Murphy had been more efficient
and successful than any of his predecessors.
ADJOURNMENT.
At 3 o'clock, Mr. Edmunds gave way for a mo
tion to go into executive session, which was car
ried, and the Senate soon after adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
NEW RILES.
Under a call of the States, various hills and
joint resolutions were introduced and referred.
A hill was introduced by Mr. BANKS to carry
out the Treaty of Washington, and by Mr. COX
f°£ {l general amnesty without exception.
By Mr. MORGAN—Proposing an amendment
to the constitution so as to make naturalized citi
zens eligible for the cilice of President or Vice
President of the United States.
B .y ABVKUP.-Appropriating SIOO,OOO for
United r ßt^f? XmH l b l «nßßat Covington, Ky.
By Mr. FA I, VM.LL—To restore the records of
the United States Court in Chicago.
By Mr. BUBCHAKD—To divide Illinois into
three Judicial Districts, also to relieve sullerers
hy the fire in Chicago.
Bv Mr.McNEELY—Proposing anamendment to
the constitution, by which Congress should h a vo
no power to raise taxes by imports or excise, but
only bv direct tax on property, to bo assumed,
collected, and paid by States at their option.
By Mr. SNAPP—For a ship canal between tho
Mississippi River and Lake Michigan.
By Mr. BEVERIDGE—For a suspension of
duties on merchandise entered at Chicago.
By Mr COMINGS—For United Stales public
buildings at Kansas City.
I‘v Mr KING— Proposing an amendment to the
constitution prohibiting the intermarriage of
white *md colored persons, and authorizing
States to provide for tho education of white and
colored children in separate schools.
Bv Mr. CONGER—To equalize bounties to sol
diers and sailors of the Info war.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND—To extend tho time
for completing the military road in Michigan.
By Mr. LEONARD MEYERS-Inorcasing the
compensation of letter carriers to $1,200 per au-
Cl j[y’ Mr. CHAFFEE— For United States public
buildings in Denver city.
By Mr. KILLENGEK—To facilitate intercom
munication and promote a cheap and uniform.sys
tem of railroad transportation in all parte of the
United States and Territories.
TKEASUUY DEPAIITMENT EXPENSES.
On motion of Mr. LYNCH, the Committee on
Expenditures of the Treasury Department were
directed to report whether tho expenditures of
the department arc justified by law; whether the
claims discharged are supported by sulllcient
vouchers, and alimonies disbursed in conformity
with the appropriations; whether further provi
sion is necessary to secure the government from
uiunst demands, to enforce payment
from puhijcdefaulters.andecommiy in the depart
ment. and the accountability of its officers
whether unnecessary otliccscxist.andwUat reduc
tion or increase oi pay will he judicious economy;
and to investigate specially, with full power to
send for papers, Ac., recent defalcations.
ADJOURNMENT RESOLUTION.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, the concurrent reso
lution for adjournment from December 21 to
January 8, was adopted.
>r TRADE AND REVENUE REFORM.
Mr. \\OOD asked leave to offer a resolution
that the Republicans, having a large majority in
Congress and the President, should take measures
for an immediate reduction of direct taxation
and import duties to a strictly revenue standard:
for a reduction of the expenses of all the depart
ments; for the abolition of sinecure offices and
the collection of revenue by informers and spies;
fp restore to the people of the States all the
rights originally x’o.ssessed under the constitu
tion; to abolish paper money, and restore,
specie payment; to reduce the army to a peace
footing, and abolish the employment of military
officers in civil duties; to provide against tho
retention of large sums in the treasury; to prevent
the purchase and sale of public credit at the
option of the Secretary; to subject the Presi
dent and Cabinet to tho authority oi the law
the fame as other citizens; restore to the South
ern Stales and people equal rights with the other
people of the Union; revive American com
merce; restore American credit; inaugurate Re
publican simplicity in the administration of pub
lic affairs, and develop the agricultural, mineral,
navigation and commercial interests of tho coun
try.
Mr. DAWES thought tho resolution should go
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WOOD, if the gentleman objected, moved
to suspend the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD wanted to know if Mr. Wood
intended to press a vote without debate.
Mr. WOOl3|proposcd to have a fair, square, and
honest vote, and not put it in tho power of the
gentleman and his friends to smother tho resolu
tion in committee.
Mr. WOOD moved h suspension of tho rules.
Mr. MAYNARD raised a point of order that the
resolution was not pertinent to tho legislative
proceedings of tho House, and not within our
jurisdiction to say what the Republican party
ought to do.
The SPEAKER said that the question of pro
priety should be settled by the House.
The motion to suspend tho rules was lost—77
to lac.
Mr. RANDALL said (ho first part of tho resolu
tion was a heresy to Pennsylvania, and therefore
he aud his Democratic colleagues voted against
it; but the rest was sound Democratic doctrine.
RESOLUTION OF INQUIRY.
On motion of Mr. KELLEY, the Secretary of
the Treasury was asked for information of tho
number of employes in the Internal Revenue
Office, March 1. 1801 and December 1. 1871; what
number ot temporary employes between those
dates, and tho total amount paid each twelve
months for salaries, expenses, etc.
THE NINTH CENSUS.
Mr. GARFIELD reported a bill appropriating
$480,000 to supply deficiencies in taking the ninth
census. Passed.
ANNEXATION RESOLUTION.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked leave to otter a concur
rent resolution requestiug tho President to cause
negotiations with Groat Britain and Mexico, with
a view to ascertain the conditions on which they
win consent to the annexation of their possess
ions on this continent to the United States.
Mr. BANKS thought there would bo no objec
tion tu its reference to the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee, but Mr. BINGHAM objected, and the res
olution was aotreceived.
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The House spent an hour in Committee of the
Whole, Mr. BLTF.EKTON in the ebair.on the Ap
portionment hill, without any special progress.
INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT LAW
Mr. COX asked leave to oiler a resolution of in
quiry as to the best plan for an international
copyright law or treaty.
Mr. KELLEY objected,
Mr. COX mured to suspend the rules.
Without a vote the House adjourned.
FOREIGN,
The Prince of Wales Still Lin
gering in a Hopeless
Condition.
Excitement in Spanish Govern
incut Circles Over President
Grant's message.
Orent JBrilnair
London, Dec. il—2 p. m.—A despatch-bearer,
who left Sandringham at 12:30 this afternoon,
told outsiders that he did not hopo to And tho
Prince of Wales alive when ho returned, and that
the members of tho Royal Family and others have
given up all hopes of bis recovery.
Tho only special bulletins, of the condition of
the Prince issued to-day arc- the following:
Sandringham, 8 a. m.—Tho Prince passed a
restless night. There has been further recurrence
of his graver symptoms. Tils state continues pre
carious.”
“.Sandringham—Noon.—The Prince is in the
same precarious condition. His symptoms arc
unaltered.”
•Since the last bulletin was received the tele
gtaph line to Sandringham has been closed to tho
general public, because the wire was burdened
with messages to the Queen from charlatans,
quacks, and officious persons, tendering medical
advice.
London, Dec. 31, 3 p. m.—Au unofficial tele
gram, dated Saudrigham,! o’clock afternoon,
says it is evident from the distress which pre
vails there, that the last hours of tho Prince are
apx>roacbing. Tho whole household has been
thrown into tho deepest gloom by the words of a
special messenger, who left tho sick chamber
shortly after noon with dispatches for London.
He declared, unreservedly, that he did not ex
pect to find His Royal Highness living when he
returned. It is evident that ah hopo has been
abandoned.
Prayers for tho recovery cf tho Prince were
yesterday offered in tho Angcllcan and Roman
Catholic Churches, the Jewish Synagogues, and
the Dissenting Chapels. There is a profound and
wide-spread feeling of grief and uneasiness.
Business is almost eutirelysnspendedthroughout
the country. The morning and evening papers
issue extra editions every hour. Official bulle
tins arc surrounded by great crowds of anxious
but silent people.
3i’. m.— lt is reported that with one exception
the Priucebus been unconscious since the Ist of
this month.
London, Dec. 11—c p. m.—Tlio following is tho
latest official bulletin srom the Frincc of 'Wales:
“Sandringham, 5 p. m.—The Princo was very
restless during the alternaon, but hla exhaustion
is not increased.”
Sandringham, Dec. ll—lo p. m.—The Prince of
Wales has not slept during tho cvcug, but his
general state continues unchanged.
New York, Dec. Iff—English papers contain a
correspondence between Mr. Whulloy and Mr.
Gladstone, upon the point whether the latter is
a member of the Church of Rome and under con
trol of the Jesuits. Gladstone says, iratelj*, that
the question whether tho Prime Minister of the
counci y is a member of the Church of Rome,
and, being such, not only declines to avow
it, but gives, through a long life,' all
the external signs of belonging to
a different communion, is on© of groat
political importance, not only in tho present, but
in any possible condition of tnc Liberal, or any
other party, for it involves the question whether
he is the basest creature in the Kingdom where
he has a share in ruling, and an instant eject
ment from his office would be the smallest of
punishments that be would deserve.
London, Dec. ll.—The strike of the telegraph
ers continues, greatly to the embarrassment of
the public. At tho present juncture tno wires
are crowded with messages. Serious delays are
expected, lu both the public and private service.
Spain,
New Yorm, Dec. il.—A special despatch from
Loudon says that a tremendous excitement pre
vailed la Madrid on the receipt of President
Grant’s message relating to the Cuban difficulty.
The Spanish Government has resolved to main
tain a firm attitude, and reinforcements of 4,000
men, two additional Generals, and four iron
clads will be immediately despatched to Cuba*
New York, Dee. 11.—A special despatch from
London says that the question of tho alleged vio
lation of neutrality by the United States with re
gard to Cuba was discussed a council of Ministers,
ut Madrid, on tho Gth. As the result of the coun
cil. despatches were sent to tho Spanish Minister
at Washington which are said to contain impor
tant instructions respecting the attitude of the
United States toward Spain in Cuban affairs. The
coarse of the American Government is likely to
affect the Alabama claims in the Geneva Confer
ence, by famishing a precedent in favor of tho
British Government In the cases of the Hornet,
the Florida, and other privateers.
Despatches on the subject of the General Con
ference have also passed between the Cabinets of
Madrid, Florence. andßerlln.
Madrid, Dec. 11.—The elections for tho Cortes
took place to-day throughout Spain, and it is al
ready known that the Republicans, have tri
umphantly elected their candidates m twenty
three of tho fory-cight capitals of the provinces
and iu forty-three smaller towns,
Germany.
New Vonic, Deo. H.—A sensation was created
in Borlin by the Czar’s speech at the Georgeufest,
which is regarded as an end to tbo French hopes
°f a guernutec of the peace of Europe.
Berlin, Dec. io,—The announcement of thopro
posed naval expedition to South America is un
favorably received by members of the Conserva
tive party.
liiankiort, Doe. 11.—The Plenipotentiaries of
iToncc and Germany have signed an additional
peace convention to day.
Kansas City Lire Stock Market,
special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
Kansas Citv, Mo., Dec. it.—Cattle, received,
CThond; shipped, r>3 head, by tho Hannibal st.
Joe Railroad; 11 head by tho Northern Missouri
Railroad.
Hogs—Received ot tho yard, 59j head; by pack
ers, 1,038 head; sales 347 head, on private terms;
tKG averaging 28i> pounds, $3.75; slaughtered,
3,753. Prices still S3.CO to $3.75, with a scider feel
ing on light receipts, though packers save lair
supplies for the present.
—The schooner Brlghtie, loaded with coal for
Chicago, is ashore at Washington Island. The
Leviathan has gone from Milwaukee to her assist
ance. Propeller Champlain arrived here to-day.
She reports the safety of the hark Lottio Wolfe,
and schooners Hattie Johnston, and Tempest.
—Gaston was re-elected Mayor of Boston to
day by nearly 3,700 majority. Tho vote stood,
Gaston, Democratic and citizens candidate, 9,820;
Newton Talbot, Republican, 0,157*
CHICAGO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1871.
STATE LEGISLATURE.
Bill on the Subject of Re-Recording
in Chicago Considered in
the Rouse.
General Railroad Bill-—Delin
quent Cook County
Taxes.
Objectionable Features of the
House Revenue BUI.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
THE KEVENUE HILL.
SPVIKRFIELD, Dec. Jl.— When the House of
Representatives left tbo consideration of tbo
Revenue bill on Friday, it bad adopted the tenth
section as amended, such amendment making
mortgages, credits, and everything else, subject
to taxation. When they-agaln take up tbo bill, It
will not be long before they reach the sections re
lating to the listing of tbo property of railroads
and Insurance companies, and tbo probability is
that will bo adopted about as they are in the bill,
because they will strike the mind of tbo average
legislator as being exceedingly fair
and Judicious. They seem, however,
to bo open to the following objections:
It is provided that every railroad company shall
return the total length of its main lino, and the
value of the right-of-way. iron, ties, grading,
bridging, depots, and all other buildings on the
right-of-way; tbo value of aide tracks and turn
outs; of tools, rails—not laid: of moneys and
credits, and of locomotives and cars. This is to
bo added in one grand total, and to bo deemed
personal property, and Is to bo taxed pro rata in
the several counties, towns, cities, and districts,
in proportion that tbo length of tbo main Hue in
any county or city bears to the whole length of
tbo road. There are more miles of main track of
the Alton A St. Louis Road in the county of San
gamon than the County of Cook. But the value
of side tracks, switches, depots, switching en
gines, ere., in Cook greatly exceeds that
in Sangamon. Tbo office of tbo corporation
is m Cook Count}’; its moneys and credits are
there, and, under ordinary circumstances, when
the person and property are in the same jurisdic
tion, they arc listed there. Rut by this bill, tbo
coimty of Sangamon, by virtue or having more
miles of main track, is credited with, and allowed
to tux for State purposes, property which bus Its
.situs m the county of Cook, it is further provid-
cd that this amount credited to Sangamon Coun
ty shall bo sub-divided, pro rata, among tbo towns
in that county, through which the road runs.
This, of course, applies to Cook County, aud since
there are more miles of the main track of the
C.. A. *t St. L. Road ia tbo towns of Lrons,
Paslo and Luke than iu the city of Cb!cago.‘tboy
arc credited with more than Chicago is as their
share of tbo amount credited to Cook
Coimty. Tbo result of this would bo
that thorailroad,lnstead of paying its Slate tax
iu one or two places, has to pay it iu every town
ship through which its track runs. The iucon
veniencies are obvious. That it is further pro
vided that property of railroad companies shall
be listed and described for all city and other
local taxation, and all special assessments there
on, in the manner and fonu proscribed by this
act; and the listed descriptions oljrailroad pro
perty shall he adhered to in all proceedings fer
tile collection of taxes and assessments on such
I>rojK»i ty." Therefore, the city of Springfield is
authorized, for its municipal purposes,
to levy a tax on property which Is
not in their limits, but which is in
Cook County. But the constitution says: for all
other corporate purposes, all municipal corpora
tions may be vested with authority to assess and
collect taxes; hut such taxes shall he uniform, in
respect to persons and property* within i/irjuris
diilioh of thr hotly imixishm the same." Now the
question is whether the Legislature has power to
place within the jurisdiction of the city of Sprlng
licldiproperty which has i tssitits elsewhere.
By this bill. It must be remembered, the State
assessment is the basis on which allcounty. town,
road, school, and all city ami other municipal
taxes shall bo levied and extended. Can the
Legislature deprive the city of Chicago of the
power to tux property within her limits by at
tributing to it a fictitious st/tur
The sections in regard to listing the gross re
ceipts of Insurance companies aro also appar
ently open to grave objections. They provide
that the President of the Charter Oak Insurance
Company, of Hartford, shall flic with the Audi
tor a statement showing the gross receipts of his
company at each agency in each county. Then
the Auditor is to apportion the not receipts
among the different counties, in proportion to
their gross receipts, and then the County Clerk
*Pportionsthcm among the towns. It is plain
that this is exposing insurance compan
ies to the inconvenience of paying taxes
in a hundred places instead of one.
Rut the net receipts of the Charter Oak Insur
ance Company aro at Hartford, in the State of
Connecticut, and the question is whether the
Legislature can got at it, since it is taxable at
Hanford. Can the Legislature overrule judicial
decisions, especially after saying in tho first sec
tion it will not tax personal property not in the
Statel
But the contingency of non-payment Is fully
provided for. If the Charter Oak fails to muko
returns, or to pay the tax, then the company
shall ho prohibited from doing business in this
Slate, and all policies issued subsequent to the
failure to return and pay, are declared to be uuil
and void. Precisely where the Legislature
gets its power to declare mill and
void ;t contract entered into docs
not appear. No private iudividualknowswhcth
er an insurance company has failed to make its
return, and the State of Illinois cannot more
rosily bite its nose off than by declaring that be
cause iho company refused to pay a tax on *IOO
In premiums which it has seduced out of the
State, the policy granted for it is void and Die
Shite shall lose the chance of getting that sura,
and more, back, on the death of the policy
holder.
But this system is not carried through, for tho
instruments, batteries, fixtures, and other per
sonal property shall be listed to tho county town,
district, or city where the same may be located.”
Why the exception
The personal property of express companies is
listed in the county, city, or town where it is on
the day of assessment, and where else could it
bo listed, forit is“within the jurisdiction” of 110
other municipality. Pullman’s Palace Car Com
pany is required to list its cars in tho place
where its oilico is. Could Dm Legislature help it I
By this bill all personal property of street-rail
road companies is credited to the different towns
through which it may run—South Chicago and
Hyde Park—according to tho number of miles of
main track. Isthis an attempt to allow Hyde
Park to tax property In Hyde Park wheu its
situs is Chicago?
In case these corporations fail to make returns,
the County Clerk of the proper county must as
certain what property has not boon listed, and
lay a statement before the County Board, and
the board is to assess the property “at such a
valuation ns os may seem just;” and tho Clerk
shall extend the tuxes thereon tho same as if such
list hod been made by the corporation. The bill
elsewhere says that real and personal property
must be valued for taxation at its cash value in
money. There are,then,two standard “cash
values,” and “what may seem just” to a County
Boards.
There are other features in this bill which are
equally objectionable; but it will be some time
before they will bo reached.
COOK COUNTY DELINQUENT TAXES.
The House was not very full this morning, but
nearly all tho Cook County members wore present.
Mr. Barr offered a bill providing for the reassess
ment of the delinquent tax of 1857 in Cook County,
thus earning out tho resolution ho offered soma
time ago. There is at least one unconstitutional
provision in It; but that is natural, for frequent
rending of the organic law Is not a favorite pur
suit here.
THE MAYOR'S BILL.
Mr. Phelps also succeeded in getting the bill
relative to Mayors made a special order for Thurs
day. Its passage depends entirely upon the atti
tude of the members from Cook Count}*. Any
half-hearted or reluctant support on their part
•will greatly ieopard the bill.
RECORDING IN COOK COUNTY.
An attempt was made to advance the bill fixing
low rates for re-recording deeds in Cook Count}*,
and was lost; only Morrison voted for it. Mr.
King asserted that ro-recordlng did not amount
to anything, in which view of the case the less a
man has to pay for it the better. The desire of
some of the Cook County members to delay action
on this fee subject has caused surprise among
some country members, who had an impression
the rates were very high.
FEES or COOK COUNTY OFFICERS.
Several persons were hero last week, and laid
before the members facts showing that the fees
in Cook County were not so large as had been
thought, and some members were told these
things when at Chicago. The bill had a majority
m Committee of the Whole, but since It Is an
emergency bill, it will be difficult for it to pass if
the Cook County members oppose it.
THE APPORTIONMENT RILL
will come up to-morrow, and will probably push
the Revenue bill out of the way.
LEGISLATIVE,
Springfield, Deo. 11,
SENATE.
The Senate assembled at 3:30 p. m., Senator
FULLER presiding.
ABSENTEES.
Bangs, Bishon. Bowman, Boyd, Bush. Carter,
Donahue, Dore. Eddy. Epler, Flagg, Harlan. Hol
comb, Jewett, Langley. McXnltaTNicholsou.Rich
ardson, Solomon, Tincher, Van Dorston, Tons,
Washburn, Woodard.
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back the House bill relating
to attachments before Justices, and House bill
relating to guardians for habitual drunkards,
recommending their passage. Relating to the
publication 01 reports ot the Supremo Court; to
legalizing deeds executed by married women out
of the State, with recommendation to lay on the
table. So done. Also House bill relating to gar
nifcheemcnt, with sundry amendments, which
were ordered printed without present action.
Mr. FULLER, from the same committee,report
ed back the bill securing to all persons the free
dom in selection of avocations without recom
mendation also the bill relating to change of
revenue,which was tabled; also Senate bill relat
ing to paupers. Ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EDSALL.froiu the same committee, report
ed back Senate bill D 9, relating to conveyance,
and with sundry amendments, which wore con
curred in.
new rills.
Mr. EARLY introduced a bill to make an np-
propriation to pay olft&e debts of fix* Reform NATIHNAI RffiAßFl OF TR£DF
school. It to pa V such debts, lIMIIUIiMI* DUnfili Ur I n/%trS#
Mr. WILKmSON intftflJncoda bill to'ptovsde
tor the examination and licensing of surveyors.
it provides that the Goveraor shall appoint tlirofj
and Ucen£6Burveyo^?
Oodiaisaionera to cxutnine fj os j n g- a y> s SeSSIOIT Of t&e CODVCn*-
_ THE DISSECTING* BILE.
Senate billc? to promote the science of mod?* HOD 31 cl# Ly-Ul£»
cme and surgery known as the Dissecting Uir/was
talren up.
Mr. REDDICK moved to arosnd so as inclido
yithln tho provisions of the bi:fc the Governor,
Lieutenant Governor and members of tho Gen
eral .Assembly.
Mr. PIERCE defended the bill against ridicule?
The bill was mado the special order for Thur
day next at 11 a. m,
HEADING OF DILLS.
A number of Mils -were read for the second
time, among thorn the bills allowing tTjo General
Government to acquire lands for public pur
poses. and the bill relating to tho restoration of
lost or destroyed court records.
HOUSE OF' REPRESENTATIVES*
The bill to provide for the formation of incor
porated companies was reported from tie-Com
mittee on corporations, ■with sundry ansentl
mendmonta illicit were concurred in.
MAYORS* BILL.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS the bill tocrtsnd
tbe powers of Mayors of cities of tbo first clUss,
was made a special order in Committee of sho
u bole XorThursday morning;
A COUPLE OF REGISTRY REPEAL BILLS.
Jbo bills to entirely repeal the Registry law.
were on recommendation- of tbo Committee cn
Elections, laid on the table.
_ _ COOK COUNTY TAXES.
Sir. BARR offered a bill to provide for re
assessment and collection of certain taxes due on
the assessment of 18C7. After setting forth tbo
fact that Cook County owes-*I2V,W)o, It empowers
the Auditor to begin a suit-in tfte Supremo Court
against Cook County for the-sum, and interest,
when Judgment is recovered, tbo Auditor is to
levy such a rate of taxation* on the enual
izcd value of property in- Cook County
us will cover the sum. If the Clerk of Cook Coun
ty does not do bis duty bo is made liable to tines
and penalties. The State is allowed to set off
again,stwbat la to bo paid to Chicago on account
of tbo canal its share of this delinquent assess
ment, and can bold on to that portion of the canal
debt until the city agrees to a set-off.
It was ordered to a second reading.
MILITARY EDUCATION.
The hill to encourage military education at the
Industrial University was reported' back with
■amendments, which were concurred in.
ESTRAVS.
The hill to prohibit stoek animals from running
at large was made a special order for Friday.
OTIIEH NEW BILLS.
Mv- HAlNESoffcred abillto appropriate money
toward the completion of the Washington Monu
ment. and also a bill in relation to married women
and fixing the rights, Ac., of husband aad wife.
Mr. BERRY offered a hill to provide for uni
formity in Police Courts
REAPING OF BILLS.
Several House bills were read the second time
and sent to the Committee of the Whole.
Several Senate hills were read the first time.
RECORDING DEEDS IN COOK COUNTY.
Mr. SPRINGER moved to take up the hill fixing
the rat es of rc-recordlug deeds iu Cook County.
Mr. KING, of Cook, said there was no law by
which the re-recording of deeds was given any
force. It amounted to nothing, and they were
trying to fix a fee for doing a thing which had no
force. Ho wanted the fees given to be adequate
to the payment of the expenses. When at home,
several gentlemen had called on him who seemed
to think the fees would .be too small to defray the
expenses of the office. The present bill was to
create a new fee.
Mr. HAINES wondered at this sensitiveness,
when a fee bill was touched upon.
Mr. SPRINGER explained the necessity for Uls
•dll. Many persons iu Cook County had deemed
it Prudent to rc-rocora their deeds, and the Clerk
h a d elmrued as much as he did before, and that
the Clerk was getting an immense Income, aud
had made a fortune out of it. The four loading
papers took that view of it.
Mr. KlNGsaid lie wusluformcd the papers were
satisfied that they were mistaken iu what they
had said outlie subject.
Mr. SPRINGER thought that the rate in his I*lll
would give the Clerk of Cook County more money
than the Circuit Judges got.
The motion to discharge the order sending the
bill to the Committee of the Whole was lost by a
decided vole.
The House went into Committee of the Whole,
and Mr. MORRISON, of Cook, moved to take up
the bill for re-rccording deeds. It was agreed t>,
Messrs. Sullivan. Galloway, Root, and Morrison
voting for it. and King, Waite, Williams, aud
Burley voted against it.
Mr. BURLEY wanted the bill postponed, sinco
he bad been promised information which would
show that If the fees were fixed so low as in cer
tain bills before the House, the county would
lose (co.rtio x*er annum.
Mr. MORRISON, ol Cook, was very much sur
prised by this statement.
Mr. BURLEY said they would send down a
statement showing what the old fees hud pro
duced.and he wanted delay so that they could act
intelligently.
Mr. ROOT was afraid there might bo som e
tbinglnthe bill to change the rule of evidence.
He. <lld not know what the construction of the
law would be bv the courts.
Mr.SPRJNG-fiR thought the courts would con
strue tbe effects of rc-recordlng iu Its own wav.
The effect of recording a certificate would show
when the original was recorded.
Mr. KING wanted to know if that record would
be evidence in court.
Mr. SPRINGER thought U-would. He knew
that the work could bo done for C cents and ba a
source of revenue to thocountv.
Mr. CAS EY, of Jefferson, moved to strike out
C cents and insert 4.
Mr. ROOT offered a substitute for the first sec-
Don, not mentioning- tJio certificate.
Mr. CASEY saw reasons why people should
want to rc*iecord their deeds at four eent\; an
ordinary deed would cost 34 cents. Fifty deeds
could ho recorded In a day, and SIT a day was
enough fora Clerk.
MR. CUNNINGHAM thought recording would
have so force as to claims arising. between that
tiuio and the date of the Arc.
Mr. KING said that printed forms were nsed
for only about a quarter of the instruments re
corded in Cook County. Some people wanted, to
hit Cassette, because ho was Chairman of the
Republican Committee in 1870. He did not be
lieve in hitting anyone and making a personal
matter of this. He did not believe anything was
gained by recording deeds, and.no respectable
lawyer would aay it had. He believed the record
was a notice from the time the deed was Hied,
whether Die record hooks were burnt up or not.
He did not want tho County Treasury depleted or
to hit Cassette. The only reason of tho persist
ent attack on him was his politics.
Mr. SPRINGER denied any knowledge of Gas
sette’s political status.
Mr. MORRISON, of Cook, said the deeds were
being re-recorded, and it should be done for a low
price, and not compel them to pay twice for the
same tiling'.
Mr. WILLIAMS opposed,the hill, and said Cas
sette was a sufferer by the iiro, and that tho Re
corder’s olllco was not of such magp’tudo now.
They must w.-ift andsce, so that they need not fix
fees so low as to run the county in debt.
Messrs. ARJISTRONCf and'KING, of Jersey,
favored 4 cents.
Sir. SULLIVAN favored the bill, and thought C
cents good pay. There was no politics in the mut
The committee rose.
AFTERNOON SESSION,
srvv bills.
Mr. KINO, of Cook, offered bills in relation to
the practice of courts of record and for the ropub
licaliou of Illinois Reports.
THE RE-RECOHDINp BILL.
The House went into Committee of the Whole,
and took up the bill for re-recording.
Mr. BOOT'S substitute was voted, down.
An amendment, to fix tho fee at 4 cents, was
lost.
Mr. SULLIVAN moved to fix it at 3 cents.
Adopted.
Tho section was adopted as amended, the bill
was ordered reported back, and its passage
recommended.
RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Crawford, moved to take up*the
general bill to incorporate railroads. The bill
■was taken up.
Mr, SHELDON, of Champaign, moved to pro
vide that articles of incorporation should not
only include places trom and to which it was. to
be constructed, but also places through which it
passed.
Mr. WATTE opposed the amendment.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM opposed it, since railroads
would have to mako a survej- before incorpo
rating.
Mr. GALLOWAY thought it impracticable.
The amendment was lost.
Mr. BURLEY offered an amendment providing
lor dividing tho Directors into classes. Adopted.
A further amendment was ottered that no
lands or materials should bo taken or entered on,
except for survey, until the agreement was made
with the owner, or right to cuter has been ac
quired by condemnation. It, was opposed as
being unnecessary, and tending to cheek tho
buildingof roads, and urged as being necessary
to protect the right of private parlies.
The amendment was lost and tho section
adopted. _
Mr. SPRINGER offered an amendment to the
section, giving railroads power to regulate their
rates, subject to the provisions of the law, to tho
effect that such law should be uniform in its
operation upon railroads in the State. He gave
as his reason that itthc courts held they could
not regulate the rates of old roads, then it was
wrong to regulate the rates of now roads, over
which they had power.
Mr. WAITE and others opposed the amend
ment, which was not adopted.
The section providing that stockholders shall
he Indlviduaiiyliabio to creditors of the corpora
tion to an amount not exceeding the amount un
paid or stock held by him was taken up.
Mr. ROOK offered a substitute providing also
that every transfer of stock which was hot paid
up should l»e recorded In the olllco of the Recor
der ox Deed?, so as to provide better security for
the creditor, and no transfer should release the
indebtedness or bind the assignee until the trans
fer was recorded.
Mr. BURLEY opposed the substitute, since It
made new roads impossible.
The substitute was lost.
The eiuergenev clause was adopted, and the
bill reported back with the recommendation that
it pass.
Adjourned.
The Wiiorlon ITlnrdcr Trial.
Annapolis, Dec. 11.—In the Wharton trial.
Prof. Aiken detailed his analj'sia and testa for
arsenic in the stomach of General Ketchum.
None was found, but sufficient sulphide of anti
mony was discovered to make fully twenty
grains of tartar emetic. The witness also testi
fied to finding ten to twelve grains tariar emetic
in the sediment of a tumbler taken from the
house of Mrs. Wharton. He was rigidly cross
examined, but his testimony was unshaken.
Wnr Department Weather Prognostics.
Washington, Dee, 11.— The area of lowest pres
sure will probably move eastward over Pennsyl
vania and New England; that of thahighest ba
rometer will move northward wth clear and
pleasant weather from Virginia to Illinois and
southward. Cloudy weather will continue, possi
bly with snow or rapi. on Lake Ontario, where
brisk but not necessarily Uapgerous winds are
probable for to-morrow..
AviopSion of the Report of life Commit
tee on Direct Importation.
iflie 'Farili'—Kail road Mol ,op
oflss —The Currency.
Special Despatch to Tbo Chicago Tribune.
SA £ioe; 11. —The tilth day's sessictf'cf
the 2rational Board of Trade began in tho Tenple
this morning,- at o' o'clock, President Fraley in
chair. Prayer was offered by P,cv. Dr. i’o3t r 2f
St. Lou J.'
OCEAN COMMENCE.
Mr. Strcnahaa,"oori r JTew VorkV moved the sits-*
pension ofthn rules for the purpcoo of intaoduc
iug two resolutions, the tint expressing approval
of tho plan of' Secretary BoutweH to give a
bounty on steamship- tomroge, and tho second
providing tint articles of s-absistence regained
for vessels in the foreign- trade be withdrawn
free of duty from bonded wtwrehouses. Tho mo
tion was lost.
Signal station- at? quinct.
Mr. Gilpin, of Qolncy, moved tho passage of a
resolution requesting Congress to establish a
government signal station at Quincy. Tho reso
lution was adopted.
DLTYON LUHBRR.
The proposition of tliMfowarlcßoard of Trade,
looking to the abrogation of thy duty on Cana
dian lumber, was continued 1 on* the programme
for next year.
THE FISHERIES.
The resolution offered t>y the Boston Board of
Trade, requesting Congress to-giveearly atten
tion to the enactment oriawa necessary to give
practical effect to that part of the- Washington
treaty relating to the fisheries was* adopted.
THE NATIONAL-DEDT.
The next subject in order was the resolution of
the Philadelphia Commercial-Exchange urging
the limitation of the extinguishment of the nu
tio nal debt to fifty millions ner annum.
The resolution was adopted:
DIRECT IMPORTATION.
Mr. Wethcrell, of Philadelphia, of the special
committee appointed to consider the subject of
direct importations, presented-a report, of which
an abstract is given heJoiv;
"Additional legislation is needed to- remove
certain restrictions, among l them* that chmso
which excludes the direct importation of wines,
distilled spirits, and articles tc-bulk. In tho lat
ter it is recommended that discretionary power
bo vested hi the Secretary of tho Treasury
to authorize the transter of such articles
in bulk as ho may deem. proper
to be thus forwarded, for example, salt, pig iron,
etc. Another Important point f«»rr action is that
clause which forbids the transfer or reshipmeut
of merchandise, under transit between- tho port
of llrst arrival ami the point of destination. This
privilege should bo extended to water routes, us
it has already been to railroads;*.permitting any
bonded carrier to transfer tho merchandise to
any other carrier bonded under tbe same law,
so long as the second carrier is in
tbe direct lino of transportation provided the
transfer is made as prescribed 'by tho Secretary
of the Treasury. It is also recommended that tho
Treasury regulations be so altered as-to admit of
simplillc-ation of the description of merchandise
by the importer’s agent at the first port of entry,
the comparison by marks and number of pack
ages being sullicient to identify them. Tho port
of Mobile having been omitted* from the pro
visions of the act, it is recommended* that tho
emission bo corrected.
The report was concurred im
THE CURRENCY.
The next subject in order was the proposition
of the I'hJludelpbia Commercial iivchuugo to the
effect that tho legal tender and'National'Bank
circulation meets tho requirements of the domes
tic trade more successfully than would the re
sumption of sj)ecie payments.
George I- Buzby. of Philadelphia,, spoke In
favor of the proposition, on the ground that the
legal tender currency afforded tho necessary
element of elasticitj*, and. jirotectcd
tho import and domestic trade alike
from the destructive consequences of tv foreign
demand for gold. Tho tlnancial-icxperionco of
the country previous to the war proved conclu
sively tlmtn specie basis was far Irovmbelog tho
stable and healthful condition of things that ic
was claimed to be. Let the Government
receive its notes in tho payment of duties,
and the resumption of specie payment
would be practically accomplished. by tho appre
ciation oi the paper to o gold value. Hud wo
been under a specie system would we not haVe
been shaken to the very ilbro by tho iTuuco-Pmg
stan war, amt would not tho great Chicago lire
have proved vastly more disastrous to the busi
ness Interests of the entire country thmc was
the ease*?
Mr. Ropes, of Boston, moved as anamonlinent
resolution directing the Executive Committee
to memorialize Congress to passu law providing
for the issue of $3,000,000 per month, for one year
or more, of legal-tender notes, payable in gold
at the expiration of two years from' the date of
issue, ami as fast us the new series is- issued a
corresponding amount of Iho present legal-ten
ders to he withdrawn and cancelled.
Mr. Hopes proceeded to demonstrate-the dis
asterous consequences certain .do result from the
continuation ol the present uimertain. ami vari
able basis of values. Ho admitted, that tho credit
of the United States was good, but would it be
good If Die government went-on year after vear
without taking any steps toward the fnUiUnoht of
Its promises tu pay I It was-able to talk
of things growing up to tho old- standard of
values. A specie basis wonliUnever bo resumed
without the necessary legislation. He opposed a
hasty resumption, which would'result in naive r
sal bankruptcy. He belleved'his-proceas could
go on from year to year until every dollar of cur
rency was exchangeable for gold: Ho was will
ing to wait for live years, but: when he got the
specie payments he wanted taetay there. By his
plan we could move continuously, and stop at
any time, work.unfavorably.
In reply to sm inquiry from. Mr. StranaUan, us
to bow it was .proposed*;that the new issue
should obtain general circulation,.Mr-JV>pes said
that this coumbe done by a pro ra/aiUatrlbutian
among tho government creditors, from month to
month. However, his idea. wa& to leave Die de
tails with Congress.
Mr. Moyer, of St. Louis, presented: a substitute
providing for a sliding scale of.proportion In the
use of gold and legal-tenders- in tho payment of
duties, so that by October. 1373, the whole
amount might be paid inJegal-tcudcr, and alter
.live second of January, 1874, the government
shall rcdeem.ita legal tenders and the National
Banks their notes in gold,, ami the Secretary of
the Treasury to be prohibited from selling any
more gold until after October 1,1-574,
Mr. Opdyko maintained; hi opposition to the
views of Mr. Hopes, that if the Issue of green
backs were limited, to the requirements of the
laws of trade, their purchasing power would be
equal to that of gold. In other words, if the le
gal tender issue were reduced to twelve dollars
per atpil'i, resumption would come of Itself with
out any aid.- By the Increase of our commerce at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum, the practical
effect wus-a.contraction of 35,000,000 each year.
The same ratio did not apply to tho increase in
population, which was nut more than 3 per cent
per annum. At this-rate of contraction he belle v
cd that wo should, get back to specie payment
without running tile risk of insolvency, and if
this were brought about it would boa macmifl
uient achievement tor our government. If the
Constitution of thfr United States could be so
amended as to give a money medium of paper
without any promise to pay, amounting to
twelve dollars per caplin, ho believed that such
medium would obtain and hold In the estimation
of Dio world, a illgher and steadier value than
that of coin- Irtthe history of paper money there
had never been, a progress so sure, safe and
steady in tho right direction as ours had been
since the close of the war.
Mr. Atkinson, of Boston, held that commercial
progress was shown by dispensing with the need
of so much gold., silver or convertible notes, with
which to transact business. The railroad and
the-telegraph removed these needs, and ho be
lieved Mr. Opdykc’s theory of growing up to the
volume of ii redeemable paper to bo utterly fal
lacious. Ho did not tear insolvency, for
mir business was now conducted on a cash basis.
He held the proposition of a paper currency,
without a promise to pay, to be simply disgrace
ful, and any court which decided that thing to
be a dollar which had no actual or prospective
relation to gold, the only admitted standard of
value, disgraced itself in so doing.
Mr. Welch, of Philadelphia,' proposed to con
sider the practial bearings of the question. He
was not willing to wait until the commerce and
the currenev approached each other. Nor was
he willing to accept the experimental proposi
tion of substituting a new land of notes for those
already in circulation. It was admitted that wo
could spare $50.000, 600 each year with which to ex?
tinguiau the national debt; then why not apply this
amount of money toward the withdrawalof the'
legal tenders now in circulation? Add this Jo the
practical contraction of 835,000.000 per year, by
virtue of the increase-of commerce, and In two
years we have reduced the currency by 8J.T0.0Q0,-
000, bringing It down,to the amount admitted to
be icuulred"by tbenoeda of commerce. He intro
duced a resolution providing that this plan.be
adopted.
Mr. Seely, of Newark, moved the. adoption of a
resolution expressing the opinion, of fheboajrd
that the interests of the country require the ear
liest possible return to a specie standard of val
ues. He was infavor of thoold doctrine of a cur
rency resting tijon a sound specie basis.
Sir. Wcthereli moved as a substitute a resolu
tion declaring that the resumption of specie pay
ment by contraction i i deemed, inexpedient, and
that in the opinion of this board the best method
of securing a return to a specie basis, without
disaster tc. the commercial interests of the coun
try, is such a prudent use by thegovornrsent of
its currency as will kcoa.as near as. possible to
par value the present legal tender-untll such time
as the excess of circulation shall have-been ab
sorbed by the natural, increase- of the eMnmcsreo
of the country.
Cincinnati, saia that itwaalm-
PP.J'd-iye that tins board should adout some sue-
Olflc plan tor recMmuendr.tloa to Congress, and
might be dono ho was almost
will mg to vote for any o? the propositlons.lt he
could get noting more- satisfactory. Ho like I
the proposition of Me. Hopes, as it embodied
a definite plan, gave assurance to the
world the United States intended at
sometime fc fulfill its promises to pay; but of all
the plnjis ■presented, his preference was tor that
of Bit:. Welch, because ho considered it tho sim
plest and most practical, and Mr. Candle ra, of
Boston, tliought It of vital importance
'that the board should emphatically do*
I dare Itself on the subject of contraction. ilh
1 this view ho should, at the proper tUno. move the
NUMBER 120.
passage’pf a resolution expressing the opinion
of tbo 3rard that specie payment cazawt he
reached Within any reaswcblc period exerptby
contract!©** ofthe currency.
Mr. Ropes believed that Uie plan would fortify
ourweakeetfpolnt—the bauko—hy creating an In
ducement toioard the new gold notes, thereby
i increasing their revenues.' a-'d theu'graduaLv
rendering it easier forthem to prepare themseWee 1
i for a return to specie payments
President Frcfey inking- requested to give his
touched the various* propositions,
with regard to that of Mr. Ropes, l*e -aid that it
contemplated a sovfcre. contraction;- while it also
le&au uncertainty concerning the payment of
our foreign debt, owing to the gold neces
sary !o pay the notes, and it would more
over act sis an inducement fo rim
up t«:e premium on gold so that thosenotes would
be more valuable, in hie judgment. TUcplan of
Mr. W?lch was the best, but he was not Willing
that th contraction should proceed at so vapid a
a rate as-ftmr millions per month. He favored
the plan et withdrawing two millions Tier month
of legal tinders, and of applying that amount to
ward the national debt. He estimated that
SIOO,ooo,OUT were necessary to contract the' cur
rency. but "She contraction should nroceed grad
ually, in older to protect the commercial iutcr
fcESts of the country.
Mr. Cookvof Ciuclnuati, suggested that the
utraction be at the rate of a per cent per
aunumon all outstanding legal-tender and na
tional bunk He offered a resolution to
that effect. It was agreed to by a vote of si
to L*.'
WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS.
Tin' Commutes on Warehouse Receipts with
drew Jheir report In. order to amend it,
C.V>ADTA.V BOARD OF TRADE.
A n’Solution was passed directing the Presi
t'deat to appoint delegates to the Dominion Board
of Track*.
HECESS.
The hoiira then tcols a recess for one hour.
SOSIP nyn>ESDS—IIAKKBUPT LAU*.
On propositition lookingto
lt»- correction of the existing system of issuing
SiCip dividends and the watering ot stock by
incorporated compit'ues without u full money
equivalent was continued on the programme for
ne.fbyear.ae was also- the subject of the motliil
caCiltf of She bankrupt law.
_ _ THE TAB I FT.
T1 a -?»onid then took np the proposition oflfcrcd
by the Boston Hoard of Trade, to tho effect that
the brwd riooramend tot'onutess auch a revision
of on tariff on imports ua- umk tend to promote
econo, oy in the expenditures of tho
government to check monopoly and encourage a
/lealtiiy winpetltion in trade and manufucturea
to facilitate the mutually- yrolituble exchange of
p, roduct-> between us and other nations; to diialn
ia h the growing antagonism between capital and
la*bor, andvabovc all, to protect native industry
by cheapening tho necessaries and comforts of
lift to the masses of our people.
M r. Rop .-s said that tho proposition had been
drawn with great care, act! with the hope that it
won Id views of both wings of both the
piot. ‘.ctionU.t* and free traders. Ho opened the
diset 'fiston with a review of the condition of the
couit try under a high tariff r reaching the conclu
sion t hat the present high rates of duty were an
Injurj and a tilsastcrto every section of the land.
31 r., Fox, of St. Louis, offered an addition to the
reeolut ion in these words: “And that in the
reviaio. aof the tariff the coat of production in
IhiecoQ ntryia a proper subject for consideration.”
Mr. O pdyko said that, although one of tho most
radical of Free Traders, he was opposed to
the red notion of duties at the present time,
as lie considered the present anomalous
eenditioi of the currency to be
on offset to the tariff. When that currency should
bobrougl *t to a specie value lie was ready to fa
vor.agra* tual abolition of tariff duties; but until
that tuna such au abolition would bo u rank in
justice to the rested interests which have grown
up under* our present condition of things.
Mr. Ropi a called attention to the fact that this
reason no I onger existed, in view of the adoption
of the plan to contract the currency.
Mr. Atkin son briefly defined his position in a
resolution, •'hlch he should have preferred to
have had mi. bmitted to the board, the substance
of which wu. that a tariff law should be enacted
whereby the necessary customs revenue may he
raised with t ho least interference with the inter
ests of the i »eoplo, and that where protection
begins custi >ms should cease. He paid his
attention at eoric length to what
he designated' as tho principal sinner—tho pi"
iron Ucicst—7 .'hose offences against America ho
detailed most clearly, showing that niucteeu
tucntieths of tho interests of America wore tax
ed to support tho one-twentieth represented by
big iron. He drew the conclusion that ail the
other interests needed no protection, or would
eced none, if tlw? tariff iron were taken off.
Mr. IVetherell, of Philadelphia,, took opposite
grounds, urging that it was false and fallacious
to present to tho Üborinuauan tbe tempting bait
of cheap food a-.ud wearing apfw,-cf r acd at the
same time to deprive bin- of the- means of pur
chasing those things by removing- the- protection
of labor. Ho also claimed thus Mr. Atkinson
had underrated the magnitude of tho iron inter
est.
Other gentlemen foliowcdtfor umb agaliat the
resolution.
Mr. Kirkland offered an amendment providing
that in any revision of the tariff stability should
be considered an essential zroxisiozt-*
A vole being taken on tb«-resolutions aa amend
ed, they were adopted by »largo imsjprlty.
OCEAN COMMERCE.
Mr. Stranabnn’s resolutions, gives* abo-v®*.
the llrst part of the day's proceedings,, weie re
newed under a suspension cf tho rules, The- first
resolution, relating to a tonnage-bounty, was lose
by a vote of 17 for and 27 against. The second
1 csolution, relating to the removal of duty from,
articles of subsistence and repairs on. siUpboord,
was lost for lack of a uurunii voting, the
Philadelphia dclegationrefusingto- vote for the
purpose of defeating the measure, ami also re
fused to respond to their names,when a cull of
the House was ordered. Their reason for sod&-
mg was tuat there had been tvfair bargain for a
compromise, the free traders agreeing- to vote for
thotilrst, and the protectijmsts were to vote
for tho second resolution* Tho free
trade men denied having entered into any such
bargain, intense feeling was created by cite af
fair, President Fraley censuring bis Philadelphia
townsmen for for their econo In refusing to
vote.
Mr. Gray, of Philadelphia, risked leave to have
his vote recorded in the aftlrmatlvc uu the second
resolution.
Messrs. Windsor and Welch, of the same city,
desired to have the vote agaiu-called. This was
done, and the resolution was adopted by u vote of
iO to 4.
WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS,
The subject of warehouse-receipts was con
tinued on the programme fer the next year.
ADJOURNMENT.
FINAL
Tito board then adjourned to meet in the city of
New York on the third Tuesday of October, 1372.
NEW YORK.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
MCNEIL.
New York, Dec. ll.—Tho cbief feature in com
mercial circles to-day was- the stringency of the
money market. There was an abundant supply
until after 2 p. m., and borrowers on government
bonds were supplied at o.to 7 per cent, and on
other collaterals at 7: per cent currency
to 7 per cent gold. After 3 p. m. there
was a sharp demandior money, and a short sup
ply, among the stock operators, who paid 1-3 to
1-2 per cent, for turning stocks till to-morrow.
The stringency arises from anticipated steck-Job
bing operations. There is a combination
which have locked up some §10,000,-
000, and which threaten to take
more out of the marked inflow of the fact that on
the 15th (Friday) they-will have large payments
to make on account of revenue bonds which, ma..
ture then, aud .which payments will naturally
cause some disturbance to loans. The locking up
this season has been conducted very skilfully,
having been done so gradually os not to make
extraordinary changes in the clearing house
statements on, aAy one day. The dealings in
money to-day were-continued on the streets long
after bank hours..
.GOVERNMENTS.
Government bonds advanced and closed
strong. Central,’Pacific bonds 'were strong and
in demand,..owing to tbo large increase In earn
ings for tlio month of November, being for this
year $503,802* against *771,573 last, showing an in
crease for- thfr- month of $121,342. The earnings
for the first.eleven months of 18H oro $3,796,311,
against $741,425 in 1870, showing an increase
this year of £1,384,910. The bonds closed to-day.-
at 103 l-i. to.iaai-2 Unions at 911-4 to 913-Sfcp
firsts; 78 3-4* to 79 1 2 for land grants; 83to83iji
for
GOLD DI3BURSE!’.«INTS.
The Assistant Treasurer disbursed to user
sl,oop,cca.:a redemption of 5--3 bonds.
Xd£ FOREIGN EXCII\NGE MABRET
;waSAtroag on a basis of lOV-for prime
day stealing bills, and the leading firms ar/< not
'anxipua So draw at present rates.
THE GOLD MARKET
•was. dk&U and lower, rnpging between ,210 and
ica 1.-2. The rates paid for carrying were**, 6, and
7 pen cent in gold. Alter the Board sojourned
the quotations were lo>.l-2a109 5-8. Gjtd was so
heavy that no one cai3s to buy for speculation,
and it was evident thai the effect of condition,
of the Prince of Wales-had expended ita force oz»
both continents. Tin?; high prices c£ bonds arfl
the low rate for gold render it impossible for t£e
Secretary of the Treasury to purchase the
ou Wednesday, as. lie has advertised fo do, iad,
consequently, it expected tbr,! the offerings
will be free.
STOCK. HAU^LET
opened heavy, and declined* aftorwrfd ad
vanced, and off at the clc&e. Late Shore and
Eric were Utmost active ciockf. and *iure war,
little done ip, the rest of th^bst.
HREADS^jfcPFS.
The demand for flour vans more general, and t
with ligitreceipts, Dios\gradea im£*roved. Atiipr
pers were buying freely, anti therwas lesaot the
low cyaies offered. Tlia wheatj'mvkct was.atrong
er. The demand we* mainly far with,
less.offering at the close. Corn waahardly sc.
Una- The demand was moderate, chiefly expes?,
chough fancy for die trade.
[Tolhe AssoaVdcdPresa]
IIIE DELUGERENT INTERNATIONALISTS.
A stormy meeting of lutematioualUt.s wis
held this evening. Theodora H Banks presided
C. Osborne Ward moved that they parade next
Sunday, or. if prevented, that their intended pro
cession would bo held on the subsequent Suaaar.
Ira If, DavU said the police author
ities had outraged the principles of
liberty and justice, and the Governor had refused
to Interfere. It now became a test question
whether the police authorities have tho right to
prevent a funeral parade, fie advised the form-
stion of an hitcnutloiid guard to protect their
rights as citizens. The chairman was in favor of
utfwM. 11 Sunday.When the international
ag^s«sfesfsafejKsg
to G °«Jfhn,°f requesting Win to rovoto
the v r order of the police, ami passing' a
-n P? 1 0 o° S‘Ui«£»r. Howas readv
to take tw trceta vbcn time came'to defenU
an »W GaribaldiKl'TOluQ
teerTsald he n n on f l Ji eral> l e P ro F« rt Ti«
New York, and U u at the call of the Inter
nationalists, althov s }L he Z* 3 not one himself;
and. If necewM T th b would shotHder
his musket In* ~^L r eanae. This
sentiment elicited nPPhjnse. The
motion to parade nest sm. l^T n^? S TT Co IJ aori ‘l
the wildest applause. B anfes and
August Flenreati were artfe ll MT-,„ v L e e s aies to
waft on Governor Hofluraanr ia request
him to revoke the police ortksr ir *°f bidding tho
parade, and ask State pretestiouV
EVENING PROVISION 83&3 D.
CHICAGO/ Dec. 11—0 5». lit*
Sales Ss9 brls mess pork, stftler January, at
Ils.sd;’so^do,seller February, atSl&so: SCPdo,
seller February,at 513.E&1.3; 200 dfo, seller March,
ac‘fH.lo; 1.153“ do,- seller April, a<#U.3o; lol.no>
poinds grcex'shoulders, 39 lbs average, at 4 ami
7 1- tiooc per lb;'500 neW porlr berrels. at SMS
cat*;?: 100 bxs dry-salted raonlderi 1 no days ia
salt, at 4 7*Bc; L-Vbxs dry-salted sltfes, W
days j»> salt, at t'j.
BY- TESEOBAPS.
itewTofli' Pioinclc^Pfew**
Nhw York, Dec. ll.—Gold hev\*y at 1W l-2a
loi» 5-8. Lt »ns from 5:6 7 per cenfin gold’-for car
rying. Clearings, KO.SKsOoo.
Governments strong and higher. The 'Ctoniana
bought free.y.
The stock rdarket was -.trongand a Ivairtagua
tn after bank hours, wheit -a commission l Wi paid
for the use of aidney over night. The downward
reaction, was about 1-4 tr l-a per rent?.’ The
features have ’.teen Late SL*re and EriiT
The money market was cede’very stria'pent
for stock brokers before thc'close of the bunk
hours and loan~*wcre made uti-2'of itrft'cPmt.
The last rates vrfcreofgold tc-1-16. it iat:drtd
dently affirmed that the clique locking
taken $10,000,000 tfft of the market. Th,wr ch*-
paefty it is said is i*7,c00,000.'
State bonds are crcady.
Starting exchange, -0&.
Gerr srmneata
Coupe; 'ffl .IV* 5-81 Coups, ■’CT-...
Coupe; ’52 Jlf 7.S I Coups, ’63 i
coops, no r.9 i 10-joa iom-5
Coups, ’£s. ui j CancncySs-'. .;..U5V«*
Kew ........11l
State Ttoeda;
Missouri*.;.. .931-'> Virginia- 0162
Tennesses.oW u i-r Carohna/cW..;.;
TenneaaeOT- new I*2 ’Tt. Carolina, aaw is
Virginia, i-2j'
Stocks cJ^retl.-
Cantpn TO i-i 11. J. O
Western Uu»a 5d i-8 c\ Paul 5.-, Cz
Quicksilver. 24 w
Adams Erprfea: 90 \7sbaah. etiti
Wells*
American 601.2 Pcrj-Wayne ...'.95
United States:^—oo .vs Terre Haute 15
Pachlc Mall.; 481-2 Do ufd ...—-50
New York Central.. 92 7-8
N. Y. Central Scrip. S7®B DoyS. hs»
Erie 325-3 O. ***24 «.tj
Eriep/d a, C. *C..Bf 1-2
Harlem. —123. C., B.*Q 12S
Harlem pfd.,’........ 130 Lake aboro s-TT-3
Beading. JJ4 7-S IndiarC Central—.. JS7^
Mich. Cent. -7/S IWnoLz' Central 133
Pittsbnrgh 125 w UnionPaclflo..,..;.. T. S3
Northwestern el j-i i u. P. LOiida 91
go pfd 47 7-3 j Central bonds 1031-5
B. 1.. 103 3-4 I
MurketsT
London, Dec. 11-~l:20 p. m.—consols, 91 1-3
-208, *62. 02 1-1.
Liveri’Ool, Dec. ri—l:2o p. m.—Flour. 2Ja
Wheat—Winter, Ils .'d: Xo.l spring;’ lls -id .No.
2 spring, 10s lod; Trtiite, 12s od. Corn’ Od.
Pork, 50s. Lard. 4."s 3d.
Tendon, Dec. 11—4:39 run.—Conacls, 92; money.
921-8 on account.' Bonus—M2, 92 a-* ;~‘C5, 93 >crr.
95 7-8; 10-ios, 90 .*M. fffie firmness In’the market
isnot owing to favoraiVJo news, bntr’to tho fact
that the Prince's death-has been thoroughly- dis
counted.
Tallow, 48a 9d.
Frankfort, Dec. 11.— Sends. V 2.97 Zi:
Paris, Dec ii.—Renter. 56f. 75c.
Liverpool, Dee. H- -livening.—Cotton active
and firmer; middling upland,' 97-8tI; 'Orleans,
lo l-sd; sales 20,000 bales; speculation and export,-
7,000.
Wheat—Red winter, lls -d. Flour, 23a295;
Beef, 70s. Lard, 455, Cumberland middles, 353
short ribs, 383.
Cheese, C2s.
Turpentine, 49a305.
New Vork Llrc Stock ilJarfeet#"’
Kew York, Dec. 11.—Beeves are coming ia.
plentifully, the 5.550 to-day making 5.670 for tho
week. Tbe market is rather slow and a trjfl®
easier for thin stock. Prime droves sold at fall
prices. Some extra holiday leaves of 12 cwt sold
at 13c, with prime at 12a12'.t-2c; medium at lO
1-22; poor Illinois at.B l-2al3c thin State and
Texans, Ba9c; the average being strong at 10 l-2c.
There were nearly. 1.200 Texans for the week,
with 1.300 from Kentucky and TCW Irom this Stafe.
Tho offerings to-day were l.'C -.tirs at Commtml
paw, 103 eats at One Hundredth street, and 71
ears at Wechawkcn. Beef is doing bettor. Chi-
cago sides are selling at Taco- for steers and
5 l-2asc for cows. Cl* the droves
to-day 3 cars 71-2 cwt Texans sold’ at 9c; 3 cars
poor Illinois. 5 3-4 cwt, 8 i-2c, 50 Ibo pep cwt A
cars fat 8 cwt Kentucky, ll i-Sa. Xl-sc*; c cars In
diana. 61-2 cwt, 10c.
Sheep—Receipts, 2G*3ooSJhcad for the week
and 7,700 to-day. Holiday stock begins
to arrive; 1 carfTextra 330 15b- Ohio sheep
sold at 7 3-fc 1 tap 99 lbs, --6 Wc; 1 car
poor 82 lbs Kentucky, 31-2 C; 1 ear 75103 Canada
lambs, 7 3-2 c. Market strong and active.
Hogs—Receipts. XStOQO for tlw a»R. and 13.007
to-day. They are doing better, livcselllag—€ cars
of Ohio, s i-8e; 3 *ara. 5 i-oc; city dreseea sold at
5 3-sac n-ic; Wester* dressed. 5 3-4 c; one car fancy
fresh killed, 19blbs, 5 2-Sc. The close- was strong
at Tc.
New Vwk B»y Goods Eblke:.;
New York, Dec U.—The dry goods market 13
steady; Appleton brown drills, 14c: Atlantic do,
14 1-ne; Waltham F; 40-inch brov.nr sheetings,
13 1-50; do 9 1-4 do>3o£7 do 101-4 U3y “35c; Stark
A and Atlantic do, 13c; Pequot A. 14c;
Nevada A, 111-207 Aasnsta 3C-ineU do, U l-2c; do
33-inehdo, 10c;. do 'J7-incli do, 9c; Newmarket
bleached and colored corset jeans, 121-2 c; Rock
port do, J3c; Kearsargo aattcen do,
15c; Boston improved denims*-. 121-2 c;
Clark’s d0,25t; Columbian XXX
24c; Otis’ CC.uc; do ISB do, 20c; do AJA22c;
Pearl River brown o-nd blue do, 2S l-Ocr Slater a
Manville and Jlhsonvillo paper cambric*. llo; do,
high colored, 120. Losfidale bleacheC nataUns, 17c;
do cambrics, 22 l-2c; Lyman J do, 211-20; Maaon
ville muslins, iri-se; Monaauock c-4. sheetings,
30c: do 10-4 do*:s3c. Carr’s liaseys, -11-2 c; How
aid, do, 16 l-2c; and Union Mills No. -0 checks, 2lc.
PsodDce Marke^.- V
NEW YORK:.'
New TOBK,Dec,il.--CorroK—A:Avi>ana high
er: middling upland, 20c.
Breadstutts—Flour firm; receipts, 6,000
brls; super Western and Staf e, $"-jouS.lo com
mon to good, $6.40ac.70; good to choice, SS.GOa
7.10; white wheat extra, $7v05a7.;5i;-.extraOhio,
5C.50uT.30; st. Lonia. $6.8000.25.. Eye flour un
changed.. Cora meal unchanged. -Wheat veer,
quiet; receipts,7,OCObu;. No. 2 spring, 51.52a1.50;
winter red Western. 51.59a1.0J; amber,. 51.62a1.60;
white. 51.6ia1.75. Bye aud barloy ’unchanged.
Corn dull; receipts, 23,000bn; Western mlxedin
store, 73 l-2o; afloat. 79c; no’.v Western mixed, 77a
79c. Oats doll; receipts, 23,00C-ho;, Ohio and
Western, fSaSTc.
Hors —Unchanged.
GRoCEgiRS— Coffee and sugar la .fait demand,,
andlirm. .Molassesllrm; New.Orleans, 48'aoSc.
Rico. 3 l-2a9c.
Petrols ust—Crude, 13 I -2ali>; refined, 23 3-ia
14C,
Turpentine—Firm at 6t aoco.
Total. Stock ok Grain—V heat. 4.163,000bn;
corn. l/:0l,0C0 bu; oats, 3 .013,;aa .bu: rye, 557,000
bu; ban-ay,. 260,000 bu: m dir, 34,000 bu.
PaovmiONS—Pork llruier; mess, 5i3.60a13.70;
now, prime, §l2 00: jriJpe mess. 811.00 n.
11.25; mess tor January.', February, and March,
§15.00. Beef and cue me ats unhanged. Middles
steady*’.Lard Arm; Nr l. l to.pflmesteam, 9 1-la
9 5-Bckettle, 9 3-4 c; D acemher, 5-Se; January,
9 3-4e;; February, 10c.
Busier and cheese —Unchanged.
Whiskey—Dull at SI.OO.
MSWATTKES, Deo. iII.—Sh£auSTUFFS Flour
mth£ and .unchanged. Wheat quiet and weak;
No. 5, §1.231-2 ;No. 2, $1.21.; Oats in fair demand,
butlov?or; N0.2,330.. Ccjqlower; N0.2, 421-2 c.
Eva flrm; No. 1, C 60.. lower; No. 2, 640.
iSocs —Steady at 53 .OOaddfi.
lechpts— Tlovt,J
sr. Lbuis:
So*. Louis. Dec. lb.—CcartOK-Tirm, at isais l-4c.
HKEADSTUtTS I Tour- quiet and unchanged.
*«heat—Spring firm; Ko* it Chicago. sl.u2t-2; fall
easier; No. 3 red, 81.1-3- No, 2, $1.57 1-2. Com
dull and unsettled; mi.»d on track, 43a44c. Oats
dull and unsettled; on track. 34 i-2c. Bari
ley quiet; No. 2 lowa, yt 3-2 c. firm; 75a“Go
j sacked.
i ‘Whisket—Higher r.t>9-ic.
Provisions—Pork higher at cash. Dry
salt meats steady; -oei*e shonluc-rs, 10 days old,
4 l-2c; ojder lota..ie ap.d2o da:? bid, shoulders,
sasi-4o; clear rib. 3il>-BaG 1-2 C; clear, 61-2a6 3-tc.
Bacon unchanged;-aliottldercjr I-4c; clear rib,
73-Sa" 2-2 c; clear,'.i. :$-4c. Lend firm; Bi-2c tor
teller December; Vo-far seller Sbb'ruary.
I J OG^r^'a^cr a *s*'^ 0a4,15 i -*dk of sales at SI.OO
a4.lp. Total rtcoipts since JSovemlier-5 295,000*.
against 100,000 lactJ ear.
Cattle—Un^nn^ed.
Keceipts—flcus, 8.coobrI»: wheat, 21,000 bn;
com.si.OCO bu: oats, 2i,ocahn; barky, 2,000 bu;
rye, 3.0U0 bn; LocMi.ooo/'
_ S3TW OIi:.*EAN3.
New Orleans, Dec. V-. —Eheadstuffs—Flour.
firm; supetti-^,36.75; extra/SrJJ.; triple.,
extra, 7.75. Carn scarce and'firmer white, 82.1-2.
aß3c. Oats 'inlet 50a56c.. Bran. sl.p.
Hay—DuH> 3md lowir; prime $32.00,
S3T..O(V.
PsovisiONV-Poark on£et at 514.C3.. Bacon ftuiptr
shoulders, Cleoyrih.7 ?-4a£r. lord—-umca.
in demand i poor tin j, tiereo, ju9 3-lc: keg? lOa*
101-4 c; s igar-c»srcd beans dull.
Groceries—Sugar Jfcrmfer; inAsnor. -*c;
fair to f v}ty fair, 6a!A4e; prlcy>. 0 l*2c.
active advance,!: inferior. 20u--jc cpippion,.
3Ca320; fair, prime*, waWC; psjimp to,
_
WllXsKEV—Bocti9ed, 90cr£,02 1-2.
bIONKTAKY lOc-l-a; sight >3 ms«jow*tu.
Gold* 1037-S.
Cotton—Active and. h-^aet; saUs SJJQQ bitcar
good ordinal'., iSa-SrjS'o-Sc.;
ip,3-4al‘- v l-ec>. jmddUng x WHr, receipts iKSKS
bites. Espcrtfl-Huvro, 1C,373 Lulesj Liverpool,
li, 2fii bales.; Stock, U'J£s.
good common 7a7 l-3c ;emaa£» ery firm
DQURAKCF,,
13IP0BTAN.T HBETIStt.
mniCECo..
CfU??a! 0 US West IVashington-st.,
CHICAGO, Dec. XI, ISJIk
An informal meeting of (fee
General Hoard of Directors wiil
be held on the 13th inst. at Har
monia Hall, 68 70 West ioke
st. Dclegateswill be preset froxq
all the Branches.
J. R. PAVSOIV,
Secretary*