official journal of the state.
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 9,1871.
VOLUME 6, NUMBER 107.5
DAILY republican,
p^lUhed every iroininK (except Sunday) by
pjtics A McClure,
PCBLISHISRS AND PROPRIETORS.
40 wM*01 *11 eommiinloAtion* should lx- nddre-scd
-.flDEi-SorlheBst corner of ilnrkham nod
Lool»l«»» streets. _
TERMS:
..^mooyono month (in Advance).* »1 00
one year .10 (Xi
sloyle copies 10
BATES OP ADVERTISING:
pur mu• re of eight lin**a, or Its equivalent In
.JK.Tr.act. insertion, *1.
Aii icziil notices must be accompanied with cash
the customary legal ra es, of fl per square oi
!Eht lines for the first insertion, and 75 cents per
•Mai* for each subsequent insertion) or wo atten
tion will b« P**<* to the same. I
LIXES.
•TCPrcrrrLLY dedicated to brook, Honors I
115 and company.
While Joseph, the saiutly old briudktail chief,
Through the “Journal forever is bawling “Thief,
thief.’”
People stop to inquire, if bis pals” from the state,
Pid not steal certain “bonds” and the prison roof
•late;
And answer hi* cry of “Back thieves to the rear,”
With “fchow your hands clean, and the.'r character
clear.
You are not the first rogue* who, when pres cd in
the race,
Have tried to lead off in the hue, cry and cha e.
It’s a common, bet far from original plan,
For rascals to fasten on some other man
Pursuit and suspicion, by such ‘ho w of zeal.
Till they've managed to hide as well a, t»ste.d
Honest men to the front and the thieves fall be
hind,”
Looks to u«, Brother Joe, as though sung for a
blind.” j
Bat if honesty leads you to make tbit, procession.
Why Uad back your crowd, and wind up the procc* j
tion!
Bat as you sneak back to the places you claim.
Heads bowed in confusion, and brows led with
shame,
gpcak for once, tin youjjp, what you have not inct
A few words of honest, plain, outspoken truth
Confession is good for the soul, and at least
Yoo should know its worth, as you’ve been a priest
So tell what yon'know of that stoleu slate.
And that bond abstracted from the state;
UowyouspecufUted in Fulton and Cairo.
Winning fortune* as blacklegs do at faro.
Sixty thousand a piece is “cash,” if not riches.
Tt'Utttryon each got that “pile” iu your breeches:
Let us know wl.at you've done this two years’ with
the stock
Of that “Citizen Bridge," which you pledged Lit
tle Koek
Should span the Arkausae in twelve mouths or less.
If the people to your propositi ns said “ye-.’’
They said it, and voted the stork you requi ed.
Where’s the bridge? for the people of wailing ate
tired.
And some folks are hinting the scheme was a ruse,
Like your Cairo and Fulton, planned for no use,
Only to giro j 01 a chance to sell
Your stock when tho pric should suit you, well.
If ihey’ro wrong, an i none of your souls feel guilt
Speak out. Say, when will the bridge be built?
Tell us.too, as you value your honest souls,
Who was it that last year stole, the polls
And fancied themselves as sham :*s iu^g,
With bogus judges and ballot boxes?
These points the people want to know
So tell ns all about it Joe,
While falling onck to take the rear,
Where thieves and brindletails appear
STATUTE WS.
JACKSON COUNTY FAllt.
The drat fair of the Jackson County Agricul
tural and 31eehaniral a*<>0( iali< n bus closed,
and although our liuie Is lira I tod we propose to
give at least an outline of the proceeding**.
Although the asareiati* u was not organized
until July, and the grounds had to he proem ed.
fence* put up, and the necessary buildings
erected since that time, we ate proud to record
the fact that the lair exceeded the anticipations
of the most sanguine. The weather, too, wa>
disagreeable, in fact, very disagreeable, but
tbio did not deter either visitors or citizen*
from attending in large numbers, the ladies
coming out in force.— [A^kan^an Statesman.
IIKLENA ITEMS.
The Helena gas company will b*pin laying
pipe during the present week.
The Central railroad, we learn, contracted
with the steamer Great Republic for freight,
®JW In JSpw Orleans. Upon her return tr*p
ww will bring a load of iron aud machinery.
Ber. J. T. White in hi'* discourse, on Sunday
last, advised ail his hearers to nave every
Mailable cent for church contributions. Hie
icwchurch Is going right up, and will cost a
little above $20,000, when completed. lie hUo
•actions the Gazette man as follow*: **Jt
Mams, also, that we are to be opposed front
Mother source which we had heretofore con
wdered friendly. A month ago the Little Rock
uizettewas full of praise for the Arkansas On
tral railway company—indorsing tt as par excel
wnce.agenuii.p railroad enterprise in Arkansas.
out» lol uion election day and just prior
**er®to the said interesting sheet was full
or advice to the electors of Little Hock nof to
*©t« lor subscription to the Arkansas Central
"Mjwzy company 1 How are we to interpret
Rich a style as this? We have never wltn« s^ed
store pertinent illustration ot blowing hot
»na cold at the same time. ,We bad sup|Osnl
toil state pride >v*s a favorite aud powerful
jnnaence with southerners at large, and espe
ci»jl? with such ancient sheets a» tbeGdZfb*
he. But, aiag! the Gazette seems un
”,6 ,0. *ee railroad pa*» through Arkansas
tieia jt hhali go via Memphis on the tadpole
mn f*»f8 our frleod Miles has it. The Gazette
nhu i UDder 80®e vast obligation to Mem
ln •'dudrable centrast to the position of
J? l# lh:lt °r the Lillie Rock KSFUB
•Tf. a ,h f“Uy »Hve to Arkansas inter
*n, fcr wbo»e favorable notice to Ht l na
thank. fntfrpri»« ac here tender our hearty
I lit la n ,.Ut l,y the influence of the Gsztte
“Ml* Bock voted a gainst .ub-criptlon”
TOO THIN
Here la the Camden Journal on the down
wwn Johnnie Gazette.
“ttempt to explain away its
2ih?!ler#0 ^^Phically displayed in referring
torlp»iurfM°f to« tblo. Post up, bis
forui The same kind of edi
*v #,0P y°.11 dished up to the people belore
*r t do to day. Ligli't Income to the
®Mk*e t/66^ Pace w‘th the time* or take a
*r*Md
eat
Orant to I ook Aflti
Cab
jT our kdtgrama of a few days ago, oui
*r, h,ve already learned of tlie horrlbli
™T «oaetcd In Cuba. Eigbt atudeoti
_ brutally shot because of »ome de-ecratlot
•grave. They were mere youth,, and tb<
"JSf'Ph which Inform, onr reader, of thii
*»1og ol tbe Infamous conduct of the Span
•Sclali, also tent word to England anc
The Evening Post now .ay.:
than .10w ru,u,>red that the pre.blent baa in
with, *°*trnmenl of Great Britain to jolt
C.K. I" ®rm Intervention In tha affair, 0
Kt«i. *t?p WU1 have, doubtleai, two ob
m 1“ tbe termination of tha blood]
“*r0Q» war now waged, under tbi
bhn of Np*l«, by the inhuman vclun
«Ui. 0,1 Cuban insurrection; and nee
liiu’.r i "“training of Spain within the .trie
'"ternatlnnal law In all ber proceed
lid. _"*rd* her American t.landa. The eon
mo, w t "c| American islands. t oe cor
•111 not®r**t Britain and tbi, count]
"••by 8„.T„"^.,e_d..by 0,her P®"«rJ 1
•Van h. a •“•peeled by any other power,
Httwlfh bcr.elf, of being prompted
tha, hfr »f her pns.es.lone,
lavlew'IT "*[0 wise and legal end we hi
Bui..Cuba eau be aectired wl
An *tu Mcitrcd without t
urself es ty the temptation to wzge I
wiv for right, »r to (fte'tinju
»f offSr *r 10 0,,Ju
S»4rtd mfffSre; ,r0,t *k»l tbi, report frt
kTr*!"?* ,Bl,70°»*r«>*d from Wa.hln
B_ union of Great .11. In
Thin.r"‘“‘'J ntWBrmed from Wa.hl
%im lnJ,?1"0? of Britain with u, In i
•HHv ««nnot fell to lead to
woBtton of .livery the Span
Jslanrts, and to a policy on tbe part of Spain
which will remove her from tbi* hemisphere,
or else make herfeir us a much pleasanter and
more profitable neighbor.
STARTLING INTELLIGENCE.
The Prince of Wole* Becomes Suddenly
Home The Royal Family Sum*
moned-Reported Dead.
LONDON, December 8 —The tlrst bulletin this
morning reports that the prince of Wules had a
very unquiet night. This morning there is
considerable increase in h'.s fever. This official
news and various rumors, some exaggerating
the case, cause alarm and have the effect of de
pressing the stock market generally.
11 >i.m.—The city is full of alarming rumors
in regard to his csso. Newspaper extras are
issued giving all kinds of reports. The effect
*>n business is depressing. A!! financial quota
tions show a decline.
2 o'clock p.m.—The report ciiculated around
the palace, that the prince was worse is given
under reserve, by the central agency press as
sociation, which is considered a tiurt worthy
source of news. His physicians decided to
commence an immediate investigation into the
Origin of the prince's illness, an official report
of which will be made.
3 o’clock p.m.—An cfficiul bulletin, dated at
2 o'clock, reports that the grave symptoms of
the prince are unabated. Tbe bulletin is signed
by Sir William Jennor and all the attending
physicians.
4 o’clock p.m —All the members of the royal
family hive been summoned by telegraph to
Sandringham. The queen and the Princess
Loul»e left Windsor together, and drove rapidly
to tbe prince’s residence. The distress of both
was apparent.
oVI.-'.-l p m.- These arc exciting rumors on
Vbai ge announcing the death of the prince of
Wales, but the nows is not authenticated.
LATEST.
0.31 o’clock p.tn.—Tb« prince of Wales has I
slept slightly, but still very much prostrated, j
Rl'PIBLHWN l'MTV’,
He l> util I can Party or niaaonrl Failed
Governor Brown and Olher DIk*
orxaniirni Denounced.
Sr. Louis, December 8 —A meei.rg of ibe f
republican members of the legislature, without j
distinction of past differences, was held at
Jtff *rKon City last n gbt, and resolutions were
adopted Indorsing the action of the two state
committers at St. Louis recently, in urging a
call for a state convention, declaring that said
action demonstrates that the republican party
or the state is now a unit, and condemning those
individuals who. baviug been honored by the
republican party in the past, would seek, by
chicanery and dissembling professions of lib
orality, to prostit ute their positions and destroy
the republican party for their own aggrandize
ment, and pledging themselves to stand by the
action sf the national republican convention
expressing the belief that the administration o'
the rc| uMican patty compares favorably with
that of any that ever existed in the uni! u».
Timer:.
The Situation Critical—Orleans Prince*
Cron .11 iig; Matter*.
Nkw York, December S.—A special dispatch
from Paris says the situation in France is grave.
The Orleans princes are pushing tbi igs. O.)
1'ue-dry they sought the advice of Thiers about
taking their seats, but he assured them that
their presence would arouse animosities; that
the moment was inopportune; that red repub
lican and legitimist journals would clam r
th »t the re» ublic was menaced. The princ*s
a s cred Inu they would not act wllbcu
consideration. There was no misunder
standing, but Thiers showed ixtieme anxiety
to prevent the princes from taking their
s ate. The game niifht the commission on
he abr gition of the law of exile met.
Should tbry abrogate tho law of exile,
the princes will perhaps enter the chamber.
Thiers regarding this as a menace to the rf
p tblie, w ill present proposition for a definite
republican government. It Is believed that the
issue must be precipitated, or the republic will
fall. The impression is general that if Due
d’Aumale asks now he will succeed, a* It Is
thought hat he can command a maj >rj y on the
question of a monarchy or a republic.
TKLKGR APMC SOMARV.
Hose Fire.
PiTTfeBUKG, December 8.—The rolling mill of
McKnlgbt Co., Birmingham, took lire this
morning. The entire mill, with their office,
etc., were consumed. Lot* about 8120,000;
fully Insured. _ _
•1,000 a Year for Doing Mathias.
New York, December 8.—Edward Hagan
testified in the Irving trial, yeaterday, a« fol
lows: I have no occupation for the present;
year before last 1 drew a salary of ifteen hun
dred a year from the controller’s office. I re
ceived this for doing nothing. I have done
nolhiog ever since." _
litre Vs a Sontbera Pacific.
OMAHA, December 8.—Fivo passenger trains
from the west are snow bound at Laramie sta
tion. Trains from the east have arrived at
Cheyenne, but the road is still blocked on the
summit between Laramie and Cheyenne. The
temporary winter bridge across the Missouri
river Is c rmpleted.
Track Cleared.
St. Louis, December 8 —The Ksnsas Pacific
railway, which has been blocked by .now, Is
now clear from Kansas Ci'y to Cheyenne, aid
the Union Pacific ra nils are coming over it from
the west. The mild wiuds and sunshine have
melted the snow so that there is no further
danger of it drifting. _
Goad Time and Bellow.
San Francisco. December 7 —Colonel Dick
ey's California mustang mare, Kate, trotted
twenty miles, on a very lsivy track, In San
Francisco, to-day, In fifty-nine minutes snd
thirty-two seconds. One thousand depart was
then offered that she could trot another mile
Immediately inside of 2.56.
Mealcnn Natters.
Xkw York, December 8.—A spictal frem
Mexico, dated at JliVr, saya that Satlllls ar-4
the post there arc in possession of the Insur
gents, under General Treveno. Th-govern
ment forces capitulated on the evening of the
|5tb; the conditions are not yet known. The
Insurgents are preparing to march on Ban
Louts. __.
Another BerUlom.
Xkw York, Dectmber 8.—Rev. Dr. Hewaon
ell vend an address last evening upon the re
1,Ion of the B blc progressing In England, at
he conclusion or which It was announced that
n Amtrlcan committee had been formed to
rhom sheets of the Eoglleh revision would he
sol to pass upon. The result of the joint re
Mon will be finally adapted.
Emperor of Bre«ll Interviewed.
S«W York, December 8 -The emperor el
Breill had an Interview with n correspondent
in Egypt, and eipreated himself much plentefi
with the reform which present the Khe.live are
effecting In that country, and stated that the
Brazilians expect much from the steamship
lines between Brazil and the United States.
The shipping Interest of America he considered
of more Importance than the revenue gained
by taxation.
The Fannie Brandies Nuuk.
Memphis. December 8.—The steamer Fannie
Brandies, which left here last night for Cairo,
with two hundred bales of cotton and a few
passengers, struclt a snag near the head of
Island Forty last night and sunk to her I,oiler
deck. The boat and cargo will prove a total
1°®*—no lives lost. It Is Impossible at present
to obtain the Insurance. Her officers say sbo
can he raised. She II a in ten feet of water.
BRIEF TELEGRIMS,
Urand Duke Alexis met with a cordial re
ception In Boston yesterday morning.
Twenty-five lives were lost on the coast of
Nova Scotia during thn gales of the last week.
Belting on the resul' of the Tlchb-rrne ease
Is ten to one against the claimant of the prop
erty.
The motion for the expulsion of Mayor Ilall
from the Union club was carried by a vole of
nine to two.
A strike of the telegraph operators In Lon
don, Manchester, Liverpool and other large
cities la Imminent.
In all, over 2,(100 laborers have been dis
charged In New York, by order of the depart
ments, for won', of funds
A dispatch to the New York Times «ays Hin
Fish’s resignation was placed in the bands ui
the president last Tuesday.
Thiers’ message recommend* that the annual
array contingent fuad be fixed at £00.000. In
stead of £30,000 as Incorrectly reported.
The Chicago Times appeared yesterday morn
ing In a new dress and in quarto form. It i- a
good fac simile of the Times before the tire.
A locomotive on the iiarledi railroad, at
Fourth avenue. New York, Thursday, ran into
a wagon driven by a man named John Job* >n;
killing Jobson and horses InMantly.
Cotton active at advanced rates in New York
yesterday—-19?*, Gold market agitated by rr
porta regarding the condition of the prince of
Wal and ranged from 109-1*; to 110bH.
From the investlgitions of the Rrouklyn1
election frauds, it appears that five hundred
votes were inserted In the returns of one dis
trict before the polls were really opened.
A gang of workmen from the Tweed depart
ment of pul lie works visited the controllers
office yesterday and threatened the controller
with violence if their i1 iitns were not pal 1.
The Illinois house of representatives yc»ter
day gave power to the United States govern
ment to condemn land in Chicago for public
buildings. I'bere were only four votes against
the proposition.
There was an animated debate in the Fit m h
assembly yesterday over a- proj dti ir. t. re
move the seat of government from Versatile*
to Paris. It is pretty certain, however, thr.t
the change will be made.
The New York Herald’s clUpatr.it from Wash
ington says that Senator Sumner i« having j*u
active fight to abolish the internal re\<nw“
commissioner*)!! p, and that be will tie sustain- it
by many leading senators.
The report that Eugene Greenlaw wound* d
his mother-in-law, nistcr-in law and then killed
himse lf, at Columbia, Tennessee, a few days
since, was untrue. It wan a man named M
Kissfck, in the same utlghboih >od
The directors of the German immigiaMcn
society. New York, n port that during e
pastmuith, 9 280 Gernnn immigrant* vve.e
landed in New York; an increase ot 3 50*)
compared with the same month last year.
The Pennsylvania railroad has leaded the
Memphis and Charleston railroad for fort» -five
years, guaranteeing three per cent, ft r tin fir-t
five y>ars, then six percent. The que>ii< n cf
the lease will t»e submitted to the stock
holders.
The appeals of the communists convicted of
the murder ol Generals Leeompte and Thorns*,
and sentenced to suffer death, has been rejected
by the commission on pardons. There i* no
hope that Thiers will interpose to remove this
final decision.
The weather at Sf. Lmis Is much colder.
No change in the river to note. A sbaip
freeze Thursday night and yesterday b is act
the gorge above the bridge pi?r* firmly. The
harbor remains open. No news as to the con
dition of the river between there ami Cairo.
IHISfELL.tNKOdS.
We do not wish to alarm those who me the
weed, but ft Is our duty to inform them of the
discovery that they are liable not only to arriau
rosls. angina pectoris, hj pocbondria^!*, dys
pepsia, disease of the pancreas, liver and heart,
nausea, nervousness, deafness, paralysis, apo
plexy and atrophy, but also locom* tor-ataxy,
which Is sure to be followed—sooner or later
by death.
There are already 1,200 miles of ditches ar.d
canals for mining purposes In Nevada county,
California, and a ditch is about to be con
structed to conduct water from the North
Yuba, in Sierra county, to the large claim*
about Manzanita Hill, below San Juan, and to
other points on the ridge. The distance I* forty
mites, and the cost Is estimated at between
$1 ftO,000 and *200,000.
It Is relat* d that four murderers in Uus*ia
were recently placed, by way of experiment,
io four beds In which cholera piticut* b id
lain. They did not know the charset* r of the
beds, and did not take the disease. They were
then compelled to sleep in new and clean beds,
which they were led to bellive bail been occu
pied by persons who bad died of cholera, when
three of them died within four hours.
A suit was recently brought in an Ohio court
of common pleas by one Robinson against one
Sortroan. to recover damages for a horsewhip
ping. The defense showed that the castigation
was the result of a bargain, that if Sortman
caught Robinson drunk he should flog him. but
the court cbirged that a contract whereby one
man agreed to permit another one to whip him
in any given contingency was a contract con
trary to law, and, therefore, the parties being
in pari delictu, the law will leave them as they
are. But any man might abandon and avoid
bis contract. The jury returned a verdict of
seventy-five dollars damage* for the plaintiff.
A few Sundays ago the Mexicans iu San Juan
had a bull and bear light. The first round con
sisted of the bull making a rush at the bear and
knocking him over; bear gets up and arfx*
bull by the fore leg and chews the flesh c ff of
it, making Taurus howl with pain; the bear
was pulled off by the Mexicans by means of a
lariat. The secoud and third rounds were both
in favor ol the near, who took the bull literally
by lbs boros and endeavored to eat him up,
commencing at the head. The fourth and last
round tba bear seized the bull by the tail and
pulled himdoWD, bear under, who tried to com
plete bit victory by eating from ibe other end,
when they were again separated. Both the
combatants seemed to have had enough, as no
amount of red flannel could aggravate the bull,
and poking with aharp sticks failed to excite
the bear, and so the light ended.
It h related that a professor in the divinity
wrbool connected with one of our casiero eoi
eges was wont to criticise very sharply the
prayers which the atudents were required to
write periodically. Oo« morning one of the
Undents, being proficient la abort band, was
Boved to take down the professor’# own open
ing prayer verbatim, and. having written it
ibL be banded It in foreriticUm. The pro
raiinr name down on bis own work like the
waif ea the foM. buffeted It, entreated it
■M
shamefully, ridiculed it* false rhetoric, in
veiirhed against it* poor syntax, severely cen
sured it* general Incongruity, and* wound Up
by declaring, substantially, that the author,
thereof couldn’t pray worth a cent. Of course
The student informed him that be had been
mangling hi* own offspring, and since that day
a less Saturday-revievv-lsb style of criticism
has obtained in that particular colley".
Now Advertisements.
K W. GANTT,
A TTORXET AT MW. Office over the store
A of Leo Poll' ck, on Main street—Room* 1 and 9.
oeeSdawly.
Nonei) to 8roc uiioi.or.xt*.
VTOTIPK 1^ ITRKKBY til VEN. That the annual
«L\ meeting of the stockholders ot the Little Rock
Building A-sot iniion No. 1 will he held at the sec
ictary’fc oilire on Monday, tin* bth day of January
nc\t, at three o'ri» ck p.m lor the purpose of
riveting a bo.vd or dirorfor* for the vear 1879.
tY A1.1 K U \V 1TTKN BLIPS eercla v
Approved
vviu.iam B Wait, President,
f-ittie Kook, P«*ccmi>er 8, la'll. der W dlw
««KIT IMRCAnM.
VR MIPS. MCCORMICK INTENDS MOVING TO
Main street In a few days,she will sell out ho^
‘••'lire s'oek of Millinery and Fancy Goods at less
than co>t, at No 904 Markham strert. dec 7 d4t
The I'CMdo all make quite a pphiticr,
A* to ami Ho they come and go.
In search of wholesome HltKAD ami 111TTKK;
Aim! stranger* a*k each ruddy check,
Win-jo doth almund the health you’ve found
Tii»s si e of the broad Chesapeake?*’
The answer* given 'tiquieklv done
}iat i .»n l/.e CKOIK.F .VoiUMSON ,t O

GEO. 8. MORRISON CO.
Ate. duly |o«q»aicd with everything desirable for
CHRISTjytAS!
Don't i.*11 to mil on them ami yet snpjdles for the
i i O L 1 1) A VS!
Av‘>\o ol’IIKIt 'IMIM7 TIIKV If AVI*!
Genuine Goshen Butter,
WiX<>N>!\ Jil/TTKH
SPUED PIG s 1T.1.V,
SOt It KKO' T.
IM.NNSY 1. V A N f IK t WHEAT.
NEW FAMILY FLOCK,
C If A HAM FLOl It.
A. O s. n, MOLASsES.
ALL t ill A I)|*> SUO A »S
NF.\V FI AM) Jt AISlNs,
WAIT i I’M A Rs
anNKD warn; herries.
i 'AN NED Qt_ I M IS.
<IlfV,
ri: \s.
leans
ri.« M>.
Tn-WATOKs.
It A MU EH KIES,
klackrkr hifa.
U ilOKTLKKKKKIKS.
sfK AW HKItRIKs.
ECO fl, MS
PICKLED M WOOES,
PLAIN PICKLES.
MIXED Pit IvLEs,
HOW i HOW,
WHITE ONIONS,
SUCKs,
HU AN,
OATS,
In fact, evi rvhing you may wish for *n the way of
something good t» cat mat' l>e found at
the old reliable Arm of
CEO. S. MORRISON CO.
7-nr
AHKAASAN
Fire anil Marine Ins, Co,
This Home Company has
been In existence three years,
giving perfect satisfaction
and security to her patrons,
and earning by deeds an en
viable reputation.
it has paid morj losses,
with los8 trouble, delay and
expense to the assured, than
any Company represented In
the State.
It has disbursed In this city
8100,000, that but for It,
would have cone to Eastern
I Cities.
It lends its surplus cash
among our citizens at rea
sonable rates.
j It la composed of our best
land strongest men, is well
I managed, and deserves the
support of the people
throughout the State.
The principal Office Is In
Tucker’s Bank building, Little
Rock, A fit. u t||
SOTICR
THE 8TI>i KHOLUKRS or TUB ARKAX8A"
central Kail wav Company notified that
liieie will be an election for nine directors of said
company on the second M>a>l «y of January. A. I>
IKTf. I*etw eu the hours »»f ten a m and two p as., ii
Ik-in,r the 8th «Uj of said month 1 he election will
under the snp^n.tUndence of the !oi
l»win.r earned commhatoner#, at tbeoBceof sakl
company John C Palmer, C M Itumpaaa and W
K Kirbtor, SMoiatel l»> the botrdof «t irectora to
that purpose. JOHN M. PtX K. Saeretary.
Helena, Ihcenbsr t, Itft. 4#e 1-4Itn
New Advertisements.
GREAT ATTRACTION!
FOK TUK
HOLIDAYS!
A MONTH FOR GREAT BARGAINS
AT
LEO POLLOCK’S.
Immense Line of Goods
SUITABLE roil TIIK
HOLIDAYS AND WINTER SEASON
HA VISii BOUGHT A N IMMENSE sT> UK HtR
ray new store, which I now occupy, ami
U'int delayed fully one month Before I con hi
exhibit and unusual large uork, which I now
have on hand, I offer for this month great bargain*
in a full line of
DRESS GOODS,
CONSISTING OF
BLACK A COLORED CHIOS GRAIN sll.KS.
FRENCH AND IKISII POPLINS.
FRENCH SATINS, (tor Soil inn*)
MAK( IIl<»NESS MTriMiS,
VKliOUHs DItAP D'KTK,
EMPRESS CLOTHS.
SERGE PLAIDS,
DIAGONAL PLAIDS.
REVEliSlBLE COLORED ALPACAS,
REV Kits|RLE HLAt K ALPACAS.
MERINOKs.
MOURNING DRESS GOODS.
Together with a full lino of cheap Dies* Good*
making it the largest stock or Suitings to
•elect from ever exhibited in Hi* city
I French Vote, Velveteens, Velvet,
A nil all other ftvllnh DRESS TRIMMINGS Milt
I able lor the sei>->n.
I
CLOAKS AND SHAWLS,
S|H*cia! rare ha« been taken In selecting Iho latc-l
styles iu Velvet. Silk I’lioh. Astrakhan.
Beaver. Velveteens. Chinchilla, Cloth
ami Imported Clonks, sold ut
great ieduction of prices.
STRIPED SHAWLS,
KVADNE, ROMAN, AUGUSTA, NEWPORT,
LONG BRAN! II. EMPRESS. BENGAL
SCARF AND WOOL Sll WVI.S
I
FURS! FURS! FURS!
The success I met with last *oa*«>n in the «nloot
these g**oda ha* induced roe, thl* reason, t.»
buy an unusual large stock of
Ladies’, Misses’ Children’s Furs
Having facilities in purchasing F urs that no other
house in the city can compete with, I
••hall offer for the
H.O LIDAYS

Unusual attractions in this line at lower prices
than auy house in the state Every ret
warranted as represented
VALENCIENNES LACE COLAR8, HANDKER
CHIEFS AND SETS
REAL LACKS AND LACE GOOD# in variety.
COTTON, WOOL AND MERINO HOSIERY, for
Laoics, Mi»>e» and Children, full and large line.
KID CLOVES, the largest fct;rk In the city 10
select from.
Headquarters for Embroideries.
SILK AND VELVET RIBBONS, la all shades and
widths
OPERA FLANNEL, BLANKETS TABLE DAM
ASK. TOWELS NAPKINS AND IIOCSKFCR
NIHIIINU GOODS, very cheat*
LADIES'. MISSES AND CHILDREN’S SHOES,
of T Miles A Son.also of New Yors cl v make
IMPORTED FANCY GOODS FOR CHRISTMAS
PRESENTS, useful as well a* ornamental. In
eluding many novelties never before ventured to
be brought k> the •tate. social Invltution ex
tended to all for examination of these Good*
MY' STOCK OF
Ready Made Clothing
-AND
gents; furnishing goods,
I« complete la every line, with a corresponding re
duction of prices, to give mile ehaooe fora
new suit ot Clothing for the Holidays.
PLANTERS, ATTENTION
We keep a large stock of
CALICOES
DOMESTIC.
UNSET,
FLANNELS,
JEANS \tf
BATCHELLEU’S BOOTS.
BATCHELLEK S SHOES,
HATS
BLANKETS
ETC, ETC, ETC.,
All of which we are selling at reduced prices.
SEE OUB GOODS ^.ND PRICES
HKFOKE rCKCHASIXtt ELKEWIIKBE.
LEO POLLOCK,
lb.t>ala auMnfw htfMtafi
4mHtr. „v
New AdvertUements.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
PRESENTS
Everybody Wants One
rjMiE Pl\«k to find them ih at the j
CHINA STORE
-OF—
DAVIS WALTER,
Who have now on Imml, nn«t H»*t* constuutly iccoiv
Injf n henutifnl uasnrtuu'ut of Christmas <«oo«l*,
which will l»e sold ch«*n|*, consisting of
IfIX A \\I» (JLAS# TOI1.FT SETS.
MANTEL SETS,
v \sv* \xn roL.ooXi: bottle*.
CARD n VSRKTS,
PARIAN M Alt BLR ANI> TERR N COTTA
STATUETTES.
i 11 IN A NI» LAVA SMOKE SETS,
nit a lefts, etc.
A!(*•», !i \.\rq>\ .voortincut of

SILVER-PLATED GOODS.
TEA OEISi, ICE 1‘lTt IIKIW,
OOBLETS, CUKE BASKETS,
BERRY DISHES BETTER DISHES,
\sT0Rs, mugs, sour ladles,
pie knives; tickle porks
KNIVES and FORKS,
SPOONS CALL BELLS,
NATKIN RINOH
A mi other tilings, too ummuons to mention
Rc-slilcs these. we hnvr a full ami complete lino of

DECORATED TIN t.uAMBER SETS,
CROCKERY, CHINA, ULAaS WARE, and
LAMP
dorfl <ltf
nui<,! A HUXItRi;
i>KAMCft8 *x
GROCERIES, FLOUR and FEED, I
SO. 15 MAIN ftTREET,
sept i-dtr
LITTLK ROOK, AM
Utile Rovk Fire Ikepurluienf, At*'
Veil lion’.
CTtJIE di.T^ront Fir*} Companies will mwk elect!
I il«c Delegates to utteud the Annual Conven- i
tlyn. to be he’d on BlomUy, the lWt Inst, at the j
iuii. w mc iiim'I uii fliuiniA}, imd iori iu*b. a, me
Jleburn# Hall, for the purpose of electing four
A»<*i«tant> to the Chief Engl ear for the tmulng I
year Jiyoiderof UKNItY I’AUK,
Chief Engineer. j
<1 S IIb^ck, Secretary dec# til
JAN KW COOK,.
(PdMttemor of I) liter A Cook.)
trndertaRer,
MO. Ml MARKHAM ATRRET.
LITTLE P.OCK, ARKANSAS
T"»BA1,1«H IN nr IIIA I. OAHKKl'K, MKTAUf
\3 (Janes, Woodcp ami Zinc Coffins.
Prompt nod respectful attention jrtr«sn to all
order*, lluamn ami liarriAfei furnished to order.
sept n
SO TICK.
vrOTlCK M nERKUY OIVJCX, That the under
As signed has bwsu appointed public ad mints tra
tor of khe e tate of Adolph lieu tel raossr. deceased.
All having c,tat ms against s^td estate i
notified to present them to me duly authenticated,
within one year from the date hereof, or they may
be precluded from any benefit from said estate;
and all claims not presented within two years from
thu date hereof shall be forever barred.
W. 8. OLfVKB,
Public administrator estate of Adolph DcuteF
moser, d*ceased.
Xovember 15. >8Tl. noy HMl-wfit
KOTICK;
UairRD Brans Land owes,)
Littl* Itoei, November lffl.
CIOMPLAIXT having been entered atthlsofloe
j by Mary It slater against Goodwin Y. ttauy.
fur abandoning his homestead entry. .No US, dated
October 80.1866, upon the north west quarter of the
sonlhwe-t quarter of section It, township 1 south,
range lit w«»i, in Pulaski county. Arkan-as, with
u view fio the cancellation of Said entry, Uw said
parties are hereby summoned to appear at this
office ou the loth day of January. lb»«, at 10 o’clock
ji ni to respond and furnish testimony concerning
naul alleged abandonment.
oujitciK w. denison, Ueguter.
novSQwftt. B A. kWlKHT'iM. lUrrilrer.
SoTItE-COMULteOKK&B' SALE OP VALy
ABLE LARDS.
IX PL'RMPAXCK to the decree of the Circuit
Court or Saline county. Arkansas, In chancery sla
ting, rendered at the1 September term, A. D. I8TI,
of Raid court, is th c«** or Nancy Milliner, as
guardian, and others, complainants, against Day W
L. Milliner and others, defendant*, the unitar
kign^d will, ou the first Monday day> or Jan
uary, A. I». 1858. Imji ween the hours *of 10 o'clock
a.in. acd 3 oViock p m. of said tlsv. at the court
boui-e door of said county, in the lown ot Beaten,
•ell at public auction, to the highest bidder, the
following lands situate in said Baline county, to
wn: The w hi Of »ec *8, thfi w hf of the no or of
said sec, the o hf of the te qr. and the se qr or the
ue qr of roc and the nw qr of sec 18. all m town
ship 1 south, of range 16 west, containing Af# acre*
in all. These lands, abent feO acres of which are
cleared, me intended to, and do include ell the
lands belonging to what is known as the L'mts
Milliner home place, or farm, immediately on the
Lltilo Hook and Hoc Springs road on kho north
fork of neline river, and about twenty-fir© *ii)e*
from the city of Little Hock, and is eonsiuered one
of thu hot farms iu »aUI county
Terms of sale: One half cash (faulted Staten
treasury note*} aud promissory Rule for the resdue.
payable in twelve mentis Horn day of sale: bond
execute 1 tp make conveyance on payment of jmr
chase money.
Captain J A P. Bingham. residing in the imme
diate vicinity, (adjoining the above lends) wiM at
aav time fek« pleasure In showing the above de
scribed premises teiwwsw dosMwg lovwwskh
the same. klOHv l Hl bMiM,
WILLIAM A. C&AtrrORlV
WILLIAM l>. ALLHX,
ssrtl dl vH Oea
s -H
New Advertisements.
WA-vrso,
TO KBIfT—A DWELLING
from tlx ti tight rooma.
jibb A to.
noon wire
VOS NSW OSUANS
THE 8TEAMEE
UOBEVILLX
WII.L LEAVE 8ATUEDAT, PECEKBEE
at 10 a.m direct for Hoar Orloaaa. Cot tot
akea at lowoat freltht.
KBAMEB, MILLIE A CO AgMla.
jlcc B-dSt._*
MORE SHOES AND OTHIB GOODS
I. LAWRENCE S STORE,
118 MARKHAM STRUT,
AMOX4I WHICH ARE
GOOD FALL CLOTHING,
Bacheller’s Brogan Shoes,
7.^-;
Men’s Kip and Calf Boots,
B91V AND GIRLS* IkNUi,
Ai.l1 goncrtl »Mortmem »r
NEW HATH AND NEW PRINTS.
KOmiKI JEANS AND KKR8RT,
EI.ANNKLA, UNSET. {nUM uil Ul*J»>
BROWN DOMESTICS
BLEACHED DOM Writ*,
MEN'S SHIRTS
MEN’S OVERSIITBTS,
UNDERSHIRTS,
UB»W.a.
10 4 SHKKTINU.
MEN'S CALF SHOES AND SUFFERS,
.S’ BROUANS AND CALF SHOES,
ROYS'
WOMEN'S KID SROj
WlilT“
CA1
1XToVe«™«^
GOOD KNIVES MS FOMESv
“■JOE GLOVES,
COTTON SA1
TRUK
A!JO,TH»^
yy'wtik'
ALABAMA LIMB.
ISAAC LAWHUM*,
BOV SO dtf
■tMb, 11S Hukkun M -t
OpBoilUIwfkrtyhhalBlgh’B.
NOTICE—COMAlMIOKBl'a UU OW YAIM
ABUILAKM
I* PUIWH ABCK to Iha dacraa af tba Clroalt
Connor Sallaa eoeaty, elate of Arkaatat, la ahaa
■darw a* the toy fat bar tana, A. D.
oar* tittlag, readarea a* tbahapteaah_
tint, of Mia court, la tba rate of iaaaal
de'andaate, iha »adertl»oodfo» tba fret Mi
(Ant day) of Jaaaary, A D. IM k
boon or 10 o'clock a at. i
MmI t VtlMC pflft, #f t_
4 ay.altea con rtheaee duorof Mid aniaty. la ago
a Of of the aa qr of tacit aa aaraaipt of tom w hr
of aka nn qr of are g*. W aaraai Ike aw qr af gab
M.Mkaam; 4 aaaaa aftha aa qr af the m qr af
■aaMi tba owqr of tba nw qr of aaa at,f* aaaaa)
ptof theaeqret r
aw qr of Iba aw
.-1 qr of mo ML MV aaraai Itaaaui
aw qr of ice 1*; the will of the aw qr of Mai,
aw qr of tba to ft) qr of took); taeiwgr erw__
frlqrof m«Mi ieul sad a of tka aw mar afaaa
SO; tba e hf of tka naqr, aad tkaawqrofnbaaaast
and tka aa qr of af tka *a in I,rof taa Mi ktlaf
twfriaaolfj loutaadtof uiaaw M qr of
tw a aa aw i». avow a awua v< hn atw an hf n wm
lotta.ll and Hof awqrof aaclki thfoftw
Mctioo 10 —all >b» abora deeerlbed uaatr
gg
in towniblpk loath, of rim jo Ik w«.l aaa
qr of oi the m qr of. aadaa qrof tka aw fit
qr. tad lot I of the aa frl qrof aaa 4, la tea ate Ip t
south, of range It watt. ItO aaraai the aw M qn
and tka aw qr af Iba aw qr af M aaa It. aid tka
uw qr of tba aa q of aaa 1% aaa aaaaa af tba aa
corner of iba in qr of tcc 11 la tow nakfa Hath
of range IS watt, and tba Mlowlag laada la wwa*
<nipl nonb,of raagolb wear, to-litt ___
and tna aw qr of tka aw qr of aaa Mi tka w hf af
tkaawqr, aad Iha e hf ef Iha aa qr af nac hi ka
Tka aa ar
_qr af nac Mi h
w br of the tw qr of ice M; the aw qr, aad thaw
hfaf tka naqr of aaa Mi tka w hf aftaa tw qr af
tec SB; tba w af of Ibaaaqr.aodtkoakf of the aw
qr, aad tba w hf of iba m qr of aaa Mi Iba outSt
tba dc or, awl taa a hr ar Iba M qr at aaa f
abora laoda being laMadad M la
a II tka laada
beltnjlog to tka enteta of laid <kaorpe Btmn. da
_add a pan of too abora laada taotada tka
raluablo farm kaowaao Ibtliaarga neatae (kfMt
on and naar ibaSaline rlrer,iaeeidratlaeeoeaty.
half f—^
aarrno
note, with approrad aeeartty br I
Tarma of tala
treat n
-oath (Called Mad*
note.) an the day af aaM. aaa praoalaaary
oaa I
aide la tarelra won tba float day
coned to make con ray fence
balance of purebate
aov «1 dl-wM.
r—t*-T
br Iba rtlMta. arf
SttsSJtfE
SCALED PROPOSALS.
omn CDaranmona PmM Weak*
in Iwraanai* Iaraoraurm,
amber M, ttd.)
Lira, a Rook, Woramkar M.
SE VI,HO proposals will ka raaalMd aStkit
oMoa ap to aad laeladtag Deottehar MW
tor buiPila* tka laraa la Dana eneaer, trkkaaak
k oow n at tba BnwUaga tboil Una laraa, ia taws*
ablp id, range I watt.
Iattih or laraa, 1 a
Araraga flit gq toot
■Ua-MM tool.
Width of crown, rrom t la teat.
Oatraoter la giraboadaferaha I_
aace of tba work Might ram road taw
all bide. MWJAMWTI
I »o»*» wtd Cawmlaaloadr far
-1
TOTICK.
U xt ran grv
lima Race, aii
rqONPLAlNr harlag bqaa
V by Jaataa N Piakerteai a
---taaa aaalaat
and ueorga any, tor aaaadeahw
trial No MM aad MR i*—•-'
M iklMi Mtol
tN M>nk*«ii ^mrtwwHii
WMt qtMltW MWllNMt 4UI«N
ikip 1 tout*, nkft It vt«i it
Ark with t vhw to Qm
Irk*, Mm mMjnm_
•t ihi« oaoo |)m> fill
st lu o'clock a m., M
wwritu