WASHINGTON.
Rumored Resignation of Secre
tary Fish.
George William fnrlis Offered the
Portfolio,
Discovery of an Indian who Believes In
ibe Manifest Destiny of Civi
lization.
Indian Pensions Cancelled I>j*
Commissioner Barker*
tqxvhd Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
THE rircUKTABYSIIir OF STATE
Washington. B. C m Nov. C.—lt Is understood
that the President has tendered the portfolio of
F.-crH*ry of State to George William Curtis, m
ease Mr. Fish finally derides to withdraw*.
INDIAN PENSIONS.
Some time since Commissioner Baker bad hi**
attention called to a remarkable order given by
rvnaior Harlan, when Secretary of the Interior,
lh.- effect of which was to place a
htrge number of Cherokee Indians on the
jw-aslon rolls. Upon Investigation he has become
►at L-tled that nearly all of those were impmporly
granted, and he has suspended payment upon 303.'
The matter is now under investigation.
TENSION OFFICE UIRnGCLABirT.
The explanation mado at tho Pension Office of
the charges made against Chief Clerk Johns, Is
that the case of the old soldiers of 1913 had
tn>«-u marked special by tbo Comm is
-aioner, and that tho office report which came
up to Johns represented the term of service as
slity-bcvcn days instead of forty-seven; that
Johns then added three days for tbe lime con
tained in travelling from the place of muster out
to home, the case being regarded os very merito
rious. Johns attached the certificate which it is
necessary for the Commissioner to make
•in i>ersoii, and signed the Commissioner’s in
itial? to it. Subsequently it turned out
•that the term of service was forty-seven Instead
<d fifty-seven days. The finding of tho Comm i a
siouer’s personal cet Uflcalcs and initials In John*'
handwriting and an inspection of (bites led to tbe
r»-jK>rt of an irregularity. The Commissioner at
Cfibulvs no wrong motives to Johns, but has can
celled the claim In question.
GEORGIA STATE CREDIT.
f Reliable* advice* from Georgia are to the* effect
that the Legislature will refuse to recognize about
Hit- millions’ dollars worth of bills,
-H-~uuiing liability for railroad corporations,
which are alleged to have been passed by tho old
Legu-htture. through Bullock’* Influence.
TAT or HOSIITAL STEWARD*.
S-cretary Belknap explains Ibo attempt to
fv. juille hospital stewards out of their iiicrea?*M
pay sillowed them by CongtV'?, ns simply one of
•Jm-e bargains iKiwwa attorneys ami client*,
■vln :ic\it the latter have no ivdn««, aud over
which Uifguvcrmm-nto.licl.ils have no
tion. Ji ueciuh that the ImapUul stewards,
niter waiting several years to Lave
•their accounts adjudicated, sold their claims at
h -tliM-ovujl to certidu agents ami attorneys, not
withstanding tluy w«ao personally advised by
•ib-ercteiy Belknap that their claims wore good,
and would be eventually paid. Two of the prlnci
pul parties engag'd In purchasing there claims
.ait- J-. I>. Ingeieoll, c.\-I*cu,-Jlii Agent, of Chicago,
jiml ivuicroy. ex-Membcr of Congress from Town.
-Jl.e latter stab* that alt ogetuer they only amount
ami Cuit only about 15 per cent of this
•cum Ims Ik-ou realized by themselves eompeu
(i.ilmu u.r wrtlees rendered In hating the cluitua
finally paid.
[To llie Af-w.clnt'M Pros*.]
Wamiim.tos. Nov. 4.—Tin- President has r.p
--j«*jnf«-d tVm. iTeseatt Smith, anti John W. U.ivis
'Cvminbwdeu. vr* fn.m Maryland *ur the centennial
ixiebrution <»j independence.
AMiTtIUU LITTI.I. I’l-CI'LATU'X.
Nkav Voi;k. Jsov. o.—A Washington despatch to
tin Herald says the doings of Chief Clerk Johns
•r.i tin* Pension Oditc, Interior iJoaartment, will
investigated by Congress. One of the schemes
▼jji v. hjeh John- was concerned, wa* the leasing of
The beaten Hotel, v» UK-h he secured fur three yearn
stfctO.tvO a year, lor pension uiliee purposes, and
t-n u rental which It is alleged a large percentage
paid to the eomniillco uu lue subject, of
which Johns was amemWr.
TUB liUVUTLD HLMw.N.ITIOS CUT eUCEETARY
.Vkw York. JCov. 6.—' The Tribunr, of this city,
r< imrts t lie- resignation of Secretary Fish, nud
.mo>, editorially: **Tl.o country him been alUiet
<-«l with rumors Innumerable cum*emingtiM? resig
nation of the llum Hamilton Fish, s-ocrctary of
Hale. These have liualiy crystallized into the
watement that we have to-day, from Washington,
tn shujH* so authentic ami LiUat worthy, that wo
miv compelled to give it vrc.leaco.”
TUB KENTUCKY >VaK CLAIMS.
The, Vuitvd State* Supreme Court to-day grant*
fd lent c of llio State ut Kentucky to tile a petition
Tor u mandamus to comj*d the Secretary of the
Tmmury to issue a currant lor *£ls/239, the
nmouul alleged to be due ou account of it» war
claim. Thu motion will Us argued on the loth
BisU
Etjrscmos dissolved.
Tlie Commissioner of Patents to-day dissolved
tlie injunction of h. W. Nichuui, of Canton. Ohio,
In the ease of the application of Klohard A. Jack*
H>n, of AlUauee, Ohio* for a patent fur converting
met iron into stool.
INDIAN ITEM.
Muperiutendont Hoag reports that Rig Mouth,
the famous Arapahoe Chief, says he is convinced
of the advantages his people have derived from
the whites. He says taut the whites will soon
cover the whole of the huids. 1/ Hits In Baas dj
jiot go In the white man’s path tuoy will be swept
svuy. He if* tUereloru Ue ter mined to learn to
cultivate the soil.
OFOHEIGIT.
France.
Nnw Yore. Nov. «•—a letter from Paris say*
the meeting held to procuTC Ipcmui to nid Chica
which was convened by Minister Moshburn,
was hirgely attended by American residents In
7’aris. tnere being many English present a* veil.
3\!r. Wadilmtu, in Ids sjieeui, wild: Chicago is
the home ol a population distinguished the world
over. Ita energy* itseubipri-o.iis public spirit,its
intelligence, lis l>atl loti.-ui. show u great people;
but they Will be greater than over hi the future,
for they shall rise »*-.»vr luelr misfortunes, and
the waiels of the uinguiiieeut lake that laventho
shore of the burning city shall never sing it«
requiem. for it shall nre, Phu-uix-liko, from its
ashes, and challenge t.ie admiratam of tho
wmld The great calamity makes nil nations
kin Our mfleriug tonunyiueu will have the sym-
OHlider of the people ol nil nations. Tnmigh tlm
th <>]>le of i*aris are smbrmg mmi the disasters of
•i terrible war. we will have their wars* sympa-
Gtv which will be mauia-sloU aecorduig to tno
meahure of tbeir ability ui a substantial way. The
-real generous heal ioi i-.ngluua has uw n roused.
•Urge sulk.criptJous have been made all over the
L’nitod Kingdom.”
Various geuUemen epoke iu behalf of the relief
-jovemeut. Among otm.ia Mr. Tucker, of Ueor
tra said ho was glad, as a leprtkK’UUdlvo of the
S*uth, to take part in a meeting wmeh had for its
film'd u praieeworlhy purpose. He was sure that
the South would be its *eat:y as the North in glv
jig to the suffering.
1-Yiinclo Corbin, of Mrgmtu. also spoke to the
tunc purpose. TUi ty tLouounJ dollarb wereaub
t\ml*ed at Urn meeting.
Mr. Covhiu. Prelect of the Department of the
K im- Lad issued a circular announcing the for
nation of a relief como:s»t v« and asking subscrip
nous, staling that Though j»oor, desired to
vi\opi wf oi her ir.iteiTU. sympathies in ix'tuni
luit Hie inhahitauta ui too Cultod btatua had
i lor French julsbtrtuiuis.
Grcai Britain.
losoon- Fov. o.—J.fl- Morgan Co. hare ro
d x-ixio, i(Cdv>£ fr; :u uroonock for tlip
..tViTorr oi tlio loroaV in and
Gcrmsnf<
m-KiJN Nov. C.—The Federal Council lm» ap
tin* dealt cf tlo wulofi n» to be
iji.; milU-il to IVil-wi'-ruU
G2OSGIA.
Opinion Concerning «l»c t,ni*
(;eii*rn«r Bullock.
atlasta. Nov. L.-K»t« bran**** of the I/'Sis
•-lure La\ c adopted the tobewms resolutions
lint i k u’t;« ii. JtuiM*. late Governor
/tISS SCrto. Xfto iu.f w* uttce mid left
m«u- under cxcauug tcnvve
?*mci2u that lie w KuUty vt mum and
Inn In Ciiar»W. a letter bearing
\Sl of Ociotier, im. addressed to hia
iwliUcld irlcntla U the people o» Ueurtfa. that a
of the House of iUijiro*caUuv«* had
°1 *Wii iht’iueelVf* U» vote article ot imjteach
w Eimw l«d ■lrt-ratlnoii to
..Sat u hUliolttu nuniOrr ot Ee
“SJi. senator* tv Moara lit, conviction
truta and U« teuiOuy ot too
clrtound tldr UMiflHl .Wuililj by
SSS-VliKlinrountnio: Uou too oinloincnt to
.uatorj (hc con lnu>-. »t> ««rt timt
fi,i SonJoiif line State do ntnr. MUcydid six
ioonSSf t*Rt>. »licn. according to a toUoc or eald
fudlock, trey worn pooM-nOiy dtciioxal
S'awiuHoro ill llKttauia.ol fc vat, urttner
any Uo-lU!fi* toward the Lmujd States
S d’o> ooy lioivon ilium toolimtu ot module
equal protection o: it» lu~*s.
jndionn Central I.onUrille Emllread.
iki.umivu*. Sot. C.-A meeting of the etocS
voldcr* ot the Imbuin' Genual A umlavlllo Kail-
S »a» held to-uuy lit tin; company’., depot In
b-U! city lor the cb-cimc ul liiracmra ana to P»»8
neon »proponed hcL. ino in too rcorganuatlon or
Ssf taiinpiiiy. and vrlmtiur In carrying out
Hid nlun they nil. eminent to an udjudlonuon in
t nt-Vunlcy. Tlio i.K c) ve,r.i o( tno road
’’United their n-porl. allowing the condition ut
ihTroad ireni the time tecy organ ita manago
,b. Id mi lo the iinacnl time. Tin: report snow- a
m the prosperity ot the route
SJsSireceived and aaoptod. anu tUo Connie ot
S'm approved. hacmy-lwo tttonisnd
tlin huvo been laid, and r.dO tuna
her h, '“A”'j tt, mid fto.au oaPended upon
iron ndu«4 io h Tho foUowlnj; aliuwa
w; jerstntlonet.na inpeve Bomtod dohl
the ISSd“U"tto no to ally sold, H.O7V
JUltliOlwCU. cr. a-aallt Oft) S-TCUTWI 6/
ao: CV £Tv I HprtiZcrnsl dohu.
“rssi.'Sw ™sa?-
.t.i.-w t.tn.W’. ‘..muniillng and actually
A. rJiieijd viui Uie boppti-at
.ia.ino.oos. dtn ,tltu in brnni Exited
l ,K \,r;e e'‘e'*^ l ntoehJwideK, and ns
ltd rent Plii Lavo n aurploi m u
few rears to pay offal! U« floating debt and give
n valuable property In the stock. the legal com
plication* will Ik* speedily Judge Iloag
lev, of Cincinnati, then presented a resolution
that tlic stockholder* authorize the Board of
Directors to lll**, in the name of the company, a
voluntary petition in the case now pend
ing upon the jietltlon of Joel Kiclnmlsou,
nnd upon other petitions that may have been
tiled, or to consent to a sale under p roc coding* of
forclo-uirr, ns said board may deem beat, nuu in
case of a sale of tin* property tho board isauthor
iztd to consent to tho same, The resolution was
unanimously adopted. H. C. Lord and a number
of dlMinpiWied Llnclnnaiians were present. The
following Board of Directors wus elected: W. A.
Booth. New York, President; A. S. Window. Ciu
eiunutl. Vice iTosident; George 11. Chapman, of
luohiuopnll*; N, J. liroadwcll. of Cincinnati; Ja*.
Bates, of Cincinnati: Jo*, c. Butler, of Clnciu
imtf; Geo. Bliss, of New York; T. IL I’crkius.o*
Boston.
PACIFIC COAST.
A 1 ('alifiirnia Town Burned Additional
Particulars of the Ditaotcr to the Whnl
-1 in* Fleet In the Arctic Nn.
San Franciwo, Nov. 6.—The business portion
of Caehevlllo, Yolo Cuunlv, California, has Ik*ou
destroyed by fire, caused. by the explosion of a
kerosene lamp.
Mr*. Julia .Savicrc, wlio shot her husband’s
paramour. Mrs. Lane, dead, was acquitted on u
charge of nuirdcr at Stockton, yesterday.
Tho following is au additional list of tno whalers
abandoned ia tin* Arctic; Florida, Julian, A wa
shout;*, iMUiervu M Win- Botch, Mary, Botuaii, and
Comet.
The Ice drove down from the northwest, forcing
the fleet on the mud banks, tho ice grounding!!!
twelve to lourtoen foot of water.
Tin* following Captains have arrived hero by
tbe Moses Tavlor: Bounder Owen, wife and child,
of the Contest; T. C. Packard of tho IB Tabor;
Ik Bexler and wife, of the Emily Morgan; Ctuw.
Alltr.of tho J. I). Thompson; If. M. Nuwborry,
of the Hawaiian ship PuicH; W. Erlal Norton, of
the Awushimks; Jared Joins gan. of tho Roman;
G. W. Bllven, of the Elizabeth Swift; W. H. Kells,
,of the (Juyheud: West Mitchell,of the Massochu
,acU.-.4(*‘‘u. BaudiTg, of tho Navy; Ilezckliih Alien,
of the Minerva; Aaron Beane, uf the John Wells;
T. W. Williams and family, of the Moutlcello; B.
R. lYazer, of the Florida; Bowl- Williams and
wife, of the Fanny; A. Osborne, of the George;
Henry Peirce, of the Champion; Rediield. of
the Victoria, and —Smith, of the Curiotta. The
last two and the Florida were from dim Frau
cisi'O,
The following officers have also arrived: Chas.
R. Eanthers, Lot Luce, Albert G. Ulus*. John
Julia, John W. Fisher, W. A. Smith, Chas. Hub
bard, Wm. R. llyan, Thou. Briscoll, Frank Pierce,
Francis C. Kldrulgu, H, G. Baxter, E. 11. Ludlow,
B. B. Adams, John Rogers, K. Laphaiu,
John Norton. Wui. Burls, Jus. ti. Carter, K. B.
Stratton, K.C. Murray, Sam Mltchell.Hteuhen C.
Mcndull, Goo. Paine. Rufus Haskins, T. W. Man
chester, N. C. Ban*om, Jus. Carter, li. F. Colson,
W.P. Davenport, John R. Silvers, Ed. Frazer,
Gto. Buffly.Geo. bciith, IB P. Gifford, doth In
pills, Joseph Tinker.
About twenty-live others. whose families reside
in San Frunciacu, have arrived. Nearly six hun
dred of the w retched sudors were Kanakas, uud
w ill remain at Honolulu, leaving os many more
there. Munj of them are unprovided for. Tbe
bark Comet will bring as many as she cun cany,
and the American counsel was negotiating for a
bark to curry another loud to Sun Fninrisco. The
officers think a naval vessel should bo scat to
bring away the remainder.
The whole twelve hundred were brought from
the Arctic on six whalers in addition to tnolr own
crows and cargoes oi oil. Tho loss by tho dcstruo
lii.n of tla* ficet is about Sl,l>w>.ow). Tho cntch do
sti uy«d foots up ia, ms barrels of whale, 260 bar
rel* of spurn, uud ioo.ouo inniuds of Ume.
The last person d> ing uu the brig SUelekoff was
Aeblcy Crane, passenger, a son of Judge
Crane, of Alameda County, CuUfurula, wdo
expired one day iieforu the Moses Taylor boarded
her. bho laid been cirifllug, water-logged, iw
day-*, during which time the survivors uad been
on deck, tumble to get food fixmi below.
Advice* from Southern At (zona say a reign of
tei r**r exi*(*l ladlnus and Eonuriuns arc plunder
ing r:~ijno :tnd tuuehes, becuping into Mexico with
lUvlr plunder.
Immensely rich silver mine* liav<> been discov
ered eight mile* Horn Prescott. Tho whole impu
tation i* ittsuiug out to secure claim*.
No\. 6. —New* oi tuo dirtuster to tho
w haling licet advanced whale oil sixty cents to
otic dollar i*er gitliin. Bo*U-u insurance oi tires
bad little If an> risk*. New Bcdiurd ollices lueO
oue miiiiuu-
SOUTH CABOLIWA.
A Tiotr from Oorrrner Kroti in Defence of
the Mlalc Cndit.
>'ew York. Kov. C.—TJie following curd U pub*
lir*hc«l tide Illuming:
IV. t/u- i'liMir
Many lal*e reprm‘nt.Ttlona nnd statements
have. In't iii made ami puldisked against tin* credit
•if the Slate of South Carolina. 'it lt> true that
fcAbiO.bM bonds have been printed. of which
amount ?0.00u,t00 wen- never si;rm-d or issued, nor
wire they printed with' tHe intention
to Increase the State debt, but arc
in possession of tin* Siam ntithoritie.**:
aleo, tiUiO.U'O Meiling bond* have been priuled
but net issued, nml yu.ow.wy rostered atoels are
now in the hands o: the Treasurer, being u bal
ance of tS,WU,«iO issued. The Legislature from
t.iuP to time passed several acts for the iMiui of
ln.juU to pay tlio indebtedness of the State. Sub*
M<iUently It passed un act for the conversion of
its Mi’iii i*U*. To provide for IhU the above
amount hi bomb* was printed, which has given
i in* t<»ni:iuy jjrouudleba misrepresentations and
gro-H fubriniUuua.
laiguedj
R. K. Scott.
Governor of .Smith Carolina.
SllLtj G. R.VBRKB.
Treasurer.
John B. Loomis,
Chairman of the Committee on State Accounts.
Wauiinuion Nor. 6.—Senator Scott b?w* received
a letter from YorkvUle, 8. C., duted Oct. 29, in
which it in stated that Avery, Tomlinson, and
Bratton, together with twenty or thirty others of
the Ku-Klu.\, have precipitately fled. About 160
have dj livcred themselves up. The evidence is
very strong apilust them. Thirty won, concerned
with vuritmn murders, are in J;iU. must of them
having fully confoMeed. and showed that all Cho
murders committed were by order of the Grand
CJiief Avery. There la rejoicing among tbopeoplo
at the relief which has been anordM them, and
the ITceidont's action ia thought to bo vindicated
by tho facts.
BnSSOXTBI.
Bt, loaii Items—lSnilron4 Jlntler*.
fir. Lolts, Nov. G.—A call feigned by prominent
Republicans, and others favorable to the project,
has been Issued for a meeting next Thursday
evening, to consult as to the Ivest means u> pro
cure the holding of the next National Republican
Convention In lids city.
Mayor Brpwn decline* to issue any more per
mits lor the erection of any more frame build
inga in tins city.
Owing to the continued low water In the river
and Increased dangers of navlpition, the Board
of Underwriters have increased hull and cargo
risks aoper oeut.
1 he Revenue collections in this district for Octo
l-er were fciiuxttt, of which tlri.ioo were on spirits;
tm tobacco; and on fermented
liotior*.
It is understood that an agreement has boon
arrived at between the County Court and the
xxutiiupuh of the North Missouri Railroad. by
which the latter acqulrtwthe eounty’sstock in that
road for i.0.000. and agrees to fully equip the road
sit the mu lies! practicable moment.
A eompanv uf railroad men h.vs boon formed
here, uimtr the laws of Missouri, with a capital
of $200,000. Its officers art*: O. L. Giant, Presi
dents George U. Gluvis. of Germany. Vice Freoi
diut; K. 11. Lcwey, tk-crctury W. J. Budd. of
Missouri, Superintendent of Construction:
George A. hitch, Auditor; Ed. D. But
ler. Treasurer; C. W. Calhoun, Local
Cuinraissicncr; J. R. Hheiwml, Financial Agent,
I„ c. Clark, uf the Illinois Central Railroad, Chief
Kngineer. The majority of these gentlemen are
ol Chicago and New York. The chief object of the
company la to construct two railroads, oue from
“t. Isiulsto the Arkansas Kivcr, 100 miles long;
tiu> other from CVnlrolia. 111., to Wichita. K.v, km
miles lung, ionti nets have already been lot, and
work commenced.
Telegraphic Bmilirf,
Jap. Dufticld was murdered In West Pittsburgh
on Sunday night by two uu n natmd Larringa and
J-na, who boat his bruins out wlto a clmkur from
a luinnecr. The jumdeicra were arrested aud
lodged hi jail. Dutlivld was about Go years old.
onu leans a family.
—The Milwaukt u Chamber of Commerce yester
day passed resolutions nivoring the construction
of Iho Milwaukee, lowa A «t. Joseph Ktdlroad.
which will pass through the List grain and cool
districts of lowa.
_■rue Melhcdlbt churches of Rochester on Sun
d;>v raised KiCO Tor the Chicago Methodists.
—Ur La'uisvHlc, ou Bummy night, the giving
w nv of a column in the lower room of the Atrieou
Baptist Chinch, corner ol hTith and York streets,
created a panic among tlie congregation in the
upper room, and the whole body rushed. Jammed,
ciushcd. down two narrow stairways on each
side the door, the uwn trampling over women
tindchildnnuithn fright. Eiov.u were killed
outright, two oi them children, and a uum-
Ik‘j- luoi-e or less v.'cundid. Oue iuwl n leg broken.
n>e killed aiv all wum u. Tia-scene was terrible
and h< ti-treudiug—mothcra screaming over their
dead children, and husbands m agmy owr their
wives. The column or pillar wnlch gavo way
provul to have tKcn ootuu the lower lloor be
tween the Joists, with ucUdua .unh'r it but thin
inch I’ocring.
—A counterfeiters*den, a few mile*from Kansas
Cliy. Mo., was broken up last tfaturday, and Jo
tt-oii’ i.ml Tom Ballard urrested. Henry Cole and
Jc-i-tah Mycr, the latter the leader of the gang,
wore oho captured, but CK' il»eil while tl»* otlieers
vvcic examining the house. The articles captured
arc oue tl,uoo National Bank note piste,
one 92 Nutioual Bunk note plate, two 910 National
Bank plates. fouratKsof llity etui plates, two sou
of engraverb* tools, ton transfer rolls and bed
pieces, two transfer and live printing presses,
50.500 in counterft it Mils, and a quantity of Übre
pai'er, the outne as used, by the govern meat.
—At a Radical gathering in Montgomery, Ala.,
laat nlgbt, :ui anvil, laiug used us a mnmiii, ex
ploded, killing two mt-u. and wounding eovor&l
tuore or letw rerloualy. TUia unfortunate accident
ended the meeting.
War DfpnrtcKiu W rather Report.
Wamiinctox. JS'ov. barometer will prob
ably rise cm Tuesday ••very generally along tho
Atlantic coaat, nnd the wlnda voer to tbe uorth
(.-aet wltb h lining temperature In the Middle and
Southern State*. Ka*tegiy winds will probably
continue during the night on southern Lake
Michigan, and nortinyud v lud* on the lower lake*.
Dunguous winds arc not anticipated for our oo&st
this evening.
Obltaary.
Bloombpro. Pa., Not, 6.—BHjradJer-Gcneral
Wellington U. East, of Ux© Blxth Beeervob, diodto
a'tnCA. Kov. «.-Hcn. lUnm'Bente. for many
vfir* Jiidiw ol the Hupinnr Oonrt nn-I rrealnjng
Court ot Appeal., died today,
aged TO.
L, Tl e Tailut—B**l,ooo llaUlllto.
Frem Ibe New York htandrfl. Nor. 2.
For nomo days past minora have becnalloat
inreeSTtolbo Lons Inland Steam Sugar
licbncry and yeatordny it tend reported the
company had suanepdod.-A meeting
Tmatoca is to bo held to-day. ami thedrtock
boldcra arc to tnectou it tiday, when it is ex
pected that accountants notreMmimng the
wmjinya aliaiit, will bo to ropon
tbL-nun. Tbo company was startod on a
capital of $400,000, which wad af tern nr dam
created to SOOO,OOO by a stock dividend of
per cent. Tbo company boa nkw declared at.
uraoe liberal cafh dividends, and was
hidend a very prosperous concern. UnbOl
the tifuevrb hae cleared out and lelta
explanation, in ■which ho States that his re
txals of the condition of the company have
li(*n more fevotable than ciroumstaaoes war
iunltd. TLc liahiliticu of the ooucaro W®
tungldy ivumiVUrd. Hi j7-is,tCo*
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE:
NEW YORK
Speculations Regarding the Result
of Tuesday’s Election,
The Excitement in New York
City at Fever Heat.
Daily .Review of the Leading
markets.
£l«cUl Despatch to Tbe Chicago Tribune.
POLITICAL fiTECCLATIONS.
Nnw York, Nov. 6.—The Republican Stato Cen
tral Committee estimate that tbe Republicans will
elect their State ticket by 10,000 majority, and have
mtOoritlcs in both branches of tho Legislature.
The Democratic State Central Committee claim
the State ticket by 30,000 majority, and the Senate
by oao minority. They concede the Assembly to
the Republicans. Barrett will probably beat Led
with for Judge of tho Supremo Court.
The Tammany men arc to sell out
tho latter. O’Brien’s chances archest for Senator
in the closely contested Seventh District. There
is great exclten ent there, and thoro will proba
bly be rioting to-morrow. The Reformers are
confident of electing Tilden and Horatio Sey
mour to the Assembly from this city. Tweed’s
election as Senator from the lower wards is con
ceded. There will bo a general closing of places
of business to-morrow. The Stato troops have
been ordered out. The excitement is at fever
hcatjlu this city to-night.
MONET.
Tbe Wall street markets opened very dull, the
election excitement contributing some
what to tbe lightness of transactions.
There was an amplo supply of funds in
tbe money market, and rate* cloecdat *to 5 per
cent. Prime endorsed mercantile paper is quoted
at 0012, with few sales under 15. What is rated
as good paper sells at about 16 per cent.
GOLD
opened at 112, and fluctuated 1-4 per
cent both ways, and closed at tho opening quota
tions, moderately strong. This was the result main
ly of tho unfa vorable news from Europe respecting
tbe quotations of American securities In London
and Frankfort. In the latter prices were down
neariy 1-2 per cent, nnd, as tho bourse Is generally
least affected by unfavorable nows. It was sup
posed that something decidedly bad had occurred
to depress tho securities to such nn extent. Tho
only solution that could be found wqs Blamark’s
speech before the Reichstag. The Ger
man bunkers were observed to bo buying
gold in considerable quant (ties, and this, also, was
regarded :is significant. There was very little
covering of shorts to-day, and tbe market has
been free from local causes, which would stimu
late it «o that the situation in Europe is charged
with the bull movement in gold. The carrying
rates were J, 2,6, nnd 4 percent, and fell to flat
toward the clo-o of the market. This fact indi
cate* an increasing short interest, for tno mtc
represents two dajV transaction*.to-morrow being
a dUs no a. The government gold which will
come out on Thursday, to the extent of two min
ions, will relievo the market to a considerable
extent. It Is under*tood that there ia a pool in
the Gold Room to bull the premium, mid that
they will lay tho foundation for their operations
to-morrow evening, at tho Fifth Avenue Hotel,
(■minting cn a disturbance at the election polls to
give an impetus to tbo upward turn.
OOVIiIi>MKNT liONDS
rcr.c steady, but very dull, and, with the oxcop
lion of the i"k. was without feature. The reports
from London announce that the new loan is at a
dbcoi’iirof2l-M2 1-2. Ills said that the Syndi
vv.tt are bulling the 'CO* on the other tide, so us to
equalize the decline in the now loan.
gTATK ItONIiS.
The new Eoutli Carollnas were lower to-day.
The report of enormous over-issues was not fully
believed on the street. The (Jovcrnor gives an
eyplh'lt denial In a can! pnldlohed in to-day’s
papers. There is boiuclhing mysterious About the
transaction.
r.vcmc UAILUOAO BfvKDS.
Pacific railroad securities elided M follows:
Central, 102 7-&HU3 1-8 Union gold bonds, b'Jt&O l*i
land giants, "6a77; income, 77 l-8a77 1-2; stock,
rORFJGS EXCHANGE
closed Ann nt 1W &S for prime bankers. CO day
sterling, ami IW 6-8 fur sight.
STOCKS
were strong all day, with Lake Shore as the fea
ture, Xhe stock# with the dividend sold up to
103 3-4, ami without the dividend il was 3-L
election DAY.
Stocks may be alToctcd by the disturbance to
morrow, and those who were buying and selling
to-day have tliat contingency In view. Brokers
in gold and stocks will generally abstain from
business to-morrow, and both the Exchanges will
be eloeed; but it will be dlfllcult to keep some of
feho operators trom dabbling.
BREADSTUFFS.
The flour market opened Him but quiet, Urge
holders declining to yield to soil.
K colly good shipping brands wore
not plenty, and were wanted
at the close, the market was better and more
active for all low grades. Medium grade* wore
dull, though without any procure to realize.
Wheat was active, particularly for spring and
winter. Millers were buying choice amber and
wlite wheats, the demand at the close beingchief
ly speculative and confined largely to spring.
Corn was l*etter, though quiet. The absence of
supply restricted business.
ITu the Associated Press, j
COURT ITEMS.
Nr.w York, Nov. 6.—The sheriff hrw not ret re
cehcdtho order grauttxl this morning tor the
arrest uf Fields. No effort will be made to serve
one until alter the election. The onieV for the
release of one of the prisoners lu Ludlow Street
Jail, signed bv Judge Barnard, has uot btM*n com
plied with by thcbneritl, who has taken advice of
cuunr« l. The matter of Jitrisdiet ion will come up
on huhtu* corf m on W edncstlay.
THE MILTTI.V.
It whs to-day that member? of the mili
tia on duty shall In* relieved a short tine to enable
them to vote.
the nsK-MANB>n;i.i> rs-irNcnox,
which wsm to Imvo tn-en argued in Brooklyn to
day, whs postja*iusl till Wednesday.
AiTEMrrr.o iuhuiurv.
On Paturdav. k clerk namod Nevlna attempted
to take from the Register’,- etlice about 2tH» d*x'ds.
moitgngeH, etc., involving four or live hundred
extv h»ts, tint was prevented by the watchman.
This morning ho was arrested and commuted in
default of W.WO ball to answer.
PLEADED OLTLTT.
George Hoffman pleaded guilty to passing
counterfeit money, to-day, und was sentenced to
three years’lmprisonment.
JL’UT cievrgi;.
In Brookljm, Kwlay. Judge Gilbert charged the
giandjui-ymivgnrdlotheJJoctlon law. and the
punudune*ul of iruuds on the ballot.
ELECTION TRACIS INTENDED.
One of the rumors eonc<Tnlng elect ion frauds is
that Tammany ruffians intend navingmany of the
name a on the registry list voted upon early in tho
cl«v, to the exclusion of legitimate voters. Where
a man votes on a false mane there seems to he uo
remedy.
A number of prominent gentlemen, including
Chas. O’Conor, Jxdm K. Ihivclin, and Oswald Ot
tendorfer, have wnt communication D» tlu* Km
tgrathm buclety. directing attemion to the rej»ort
uuil the emigrants new at Ward’s Islaud. have
lulsejy registered, and asking that meusun*9 be
taken to prevent the men from voting.
ELECTION CABAS.
Cards air published by O’Donovjut Rossa and
flrel, the cm* eolimiup support In bobulf of tlio
utner. Koswi Mates that proiain** to give a
thud of ;Lt* patronage of the olnoc of Register lo
Aiiic-mn'is, u Udrd to Irish. and 5 thir.ltulrt*r
uutaa He calls ui*ou citizens to keep »look 01U
tor the Court, as If he ww a fair show lie
1 hoiks he can defeat Tweed.
A HKAVT BL'tT.
Tlw* Attorney General iuu* a eiilt, on be*
half of the people, Mayor. Aldenuon. and Com
monalty of NVw York city. ntjaiuHt Thumiw* C.
Holds, in the Smxme Court, to recover stM,s>r:,
tiuudulualy obtained from the city Tnaunry, ta
najn.eut of certain claims brought by
in behalf of the members of the old
iJcnartwcnt. Fields is a candidate for the Senate
iroin llio Nineteenth Disuict, iloralio
Seymour.
THK FiKCTION TO-MORROW.
The Trfon* eayt that In some districts. notably
that of Itradley und O’Hrien. the Intense inl«re,-.t
in the election threaten* to disturb the
while the prospecte of a quiet election evnerally
arti not The canvass of tlic past
tvo months haft been noisy nnd vi*orou.i. and in
cinusts where the atmcnlcl* narked down to
n single candidate on the Kin* and Keform tick*
eta. b fieoucnt dhturbanrva are aUno-V
certain, though It ia hoped that the
tHJicc nnd military preparations to
■?,,Z W facUoasn.es* will prevent a general riot
wLichla/* been threatemxl. There are only two
llrkt lem the Held, that ol the Uln*. oc Tammany,
and that of tho Itcformcra. On the county ticket
of the latter, Kcpubllcaus ol both orp\aiiatione.
nn«i the Democracy are drmly milted, tho.
ticket helm: matlc up of both Republicans and
heartily Indorsed and aettyrty
avi portedhy the several reform
wUch have eprtmg into existence lor thia cau
j VHe*.
ANOTHER BRUTAL CHIMB
MIM Alice Mapea, ot tWa city.
Pint snnw H«BC to a dylnß oo“£y™> ','?*■‘i'S
day. ami died aUorlly attar aISL *ITSJ S?_
Ayo.unartm examination abowad toat her pc.
e«n had been outraged, and It w
uiiti dmcvTd by villains who had Wisweml w.r
advrrthtnu ni for a position m a govern***.
Sotso additional testimony P ro
capo of the jiauoc lady found nick Jn v i uia
»\\nuoemcr, vrlioimbwnurntly d.od, »o *v
wilcidts Mr. Map.**. oT Middletown. bar rathuC.
n&e nt lb* Coroner's oltice today. Deceases!
a highly •n.«pectbd and intelligent lady.
1 IsOCKKII cr.
Tlds evening Alderman Bernard O’Neil, of the
Ward, washttohUmlaud «uo*td up *n
lAidlowM.Je l. A charge woe made by rsmrk
Connolly, wlio accused O’Neil induced
Mm to vote Illegally at tbo but oloctlom
A Yirrt:itA.S FoROBR CAOOHT.
It. O. Bcrnboim, alias Wdllam-j. aii*t Watson.
olio* Ctucidy, was arrwtwl to-day tbwgod with
rnioliig a draft i n Qawco&Marcy J>t»inSaoto|3.'’X>.
ami ol
tn SVbhLlncton, and ia aoid to have committed
forcwU* the houseu?Clark 00., baalcern
ul rhiladelpuia.
Eatamt City Lire Block Utarkrt.
Special I>o*natcb to Tfcr Tnliara.
Kakras Crrr, -Nor. 6.— CWtle— Keaeteta la the
ui.st tSlitiiirs. ayJTShetKi. 6blppM to Cb!eajt.». si
<.wt%-CWI head tu St. LoOiSf 60 1,2 a liaod;
driven ont, 21R head; slaughtered. 1,47* head.
Pakts—7o head good feeding Texan/*, av 873 lbs, at
*2.75; 10 head d«, av H« Iba, at £LSO; 287 head good
wintend Te.rmif.av i.rar lb*, at *2.90; 179 head
K'<vO*l thmugh Tf.vitif, av l,oC3lbs, at *2.55; 51 bead
rouriiTvJu-a*.av:.l»lbß.ntsl-75.
TO-DAY’S WORK.
M'liut ihr Lndku Can Do To-Ony—.Tlr,
JUr*in£ for (lie FimProof Ticket -Au
Imp ortnnt Clrrnlar, Ktr«
WIIAT TIIK WOMEN CAN 1»P T»H)AY.
Tlie women cannot vote, but they can cans--
thousaudi* of men, who arc voters, to exercise the
elective franc Idee. Let every married women ask
her husband at breakfast to go to'lda precinct
polls nmlvoie, the first Ihtm* thi- forenoon. When,
be return* nr uoon for hls dinner, put the question
to him direct, Sir, have. you voted I**- If ho re
plies in the negative, exact a promise from him
that, immediately after dinner, he will go and vote
and 10.-o no time about it. Deal with -him kindly,
but fiiiuly. Accept no “ifs,” or perhaps," or
“may bcV.” Compromise on nothing less than a
solid vote nut into the. box for the'Fire-Union
ticket. Andlf yhar husband has men In his em
ploy-, nee your influence to have them vote, and
vote the right ticket. What is wanted to-day is
votes. Good wishes were useful yesterday, but
to-day nothing less than votes w ill answer.
MB. lICSIMJ FIKE-PBOOP.
Our fcllow-citizeu A. C. Hosing, Esq,, having
returned from Europe, made his appearance on
reptenioy morning at Fire-Proof headquarters.
His presence was the signal for a hearty outburst
of applause, lie responded to the cheering wel
come uy a few stirring remarks, urging time in
this hour of unparalleled calamity, politics nbould
Ik.* secondary to the public good, and iulvi.-«*d all
to rally for the election of men who will sustain
the honor and credit of resurrected Chicago.
HE VIGILANT.
To the Ejeeutire Committees in the Various Wards
of the City;
Be active: have a man of your committee to
watch the ballot bar. See that there is «o fraudu
lent counting of ballots. Wo hope there are no
men who will act ns Judges of this election that
will try to defraud the voters; rot,a# a precaution,
we want the greatest vigilance in guarding
against any dishonest acts.
Kona AN r.
Chairman Executive Committee Fire Ticket.,
NOT A DCMMBR.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune.
gin: lam informed that a certain morning
paper on Saturday announced that I was to ad
dress several bummer" meetings that evening.
Permit me to state that the announcement was
mode without my knowledge, and was wholly
untrue. I am iu favor uf electing respectable
men to office. 1 am not in th>‘ “bummer" busi
ness. ItOUUBt E. JEMkCiS.
Chicago, Nor. 6.
LOOh. OUT FOB THEM.
It la said that the bummers have perfected ar
rangements to put iu s<w illegal votes m the Eighth
Ward. Their littlo game has become known and
the good men at tin* polls in tliat ward will sec
that the ballot boxes arc not stuffed.
THE CITY nr BRIEF.
The Criminal Court.
Tlic Criminal Court convened yesterday mom*
Jpg in the old County Court room, but, owing to
tbe chllincee of tie plnco, very little biwlneM wua
done. There is at pretent no arrangement exist
ing for heating tbe room, though it is expected
that on Wednesday this disadvantage will not he
complained of. The room has been boarded and
bricked into a habitable condition, but one cannot
at t.reeeni cuter it without a pardonable shudder
alula of general Insecurity. Under these
cliiuimdjinccs, when Chief Justice Williams of the
Circuit Court opened the court.hedbluolmslness
of hnpurtiaiu*, beyond ordering a special venue to
Issue, returnable on Thursday morning, for a
grand jury. It wiw understood tint there would
be a liearlug of the motion for the appointment oft
llerelvi iM iu the cases of several of the insurance
cou.punb'B pending iu tho Circuit Court. The
Com i mljom-ned to a private otlico where an ar*
gumeiit vm* bund iiptm tho appointment of Ite
ecivi rs on the application of tho Attorney General
ae to tho Commercial and Garden City Com
pauict.
Death of an Old Kan.
An excited iitdhidual. accompanied by a law
yer, called on Coroner Stephen*, yesterday mum-
Inc, i.nd niter giving him the detail* of uu alleged
iNiUoUiug case, i tated that ho had luul a cousuluv-
Hun with state’? Attorney Head, who demanded
an in.mediate Investigation. The Coroner at <*n.. c
Mtmmom rt Boludlve IAUh. and the two proceeded
to ihe emucr of May and West Randolph ninwl,
whcic th«v deceasedresided. liiquiric-H result'd
in learning that the dead man was William Con
util, aged I*2 year*. and that he had be.cn unwell
for over year. The plr.ok-hm.H who attended
bin. weie nut tor. lava* the druggist from whom
the medicine. w;m obtained. The doctors. were of
U.e ejilnitii that death was cau-ul by old age and
debility, the imni having been unable to eat any
thing jor a mouth, owing to aUuvuuzemout n' Uv*
Ik>v. el«*. The appearance of the devea.-H.Hi instilled
this conclusion, and the examination, after the
i-llircis ueie satisfied that u« poison had been ad
ministered, was ended. Theouo who spread tho
rejKJit about tho poisoning Is h Iwlatemus member
of the fimilly. among which there haa been cou
feldeiablo wrangling for a lung time.
AxmcTmcomentß,
The Presbytery uf Chicago will hold an adjourn
ed meeting to-morrow morning. In tho lecture
room of tho Olivet Pwahyteriau Church,corner ot
Wabash avenue nnd Fourteenth street.
—The Young Men’s Association of Trinity
Church will meet this evening at Taftnltr Mission,
on Fourth avenue, between Taylor ana Twelfth
streets. A full attendance is desired.
—The regular monthly, meeting of tho Indies
connected wilh tha Protestant Orphan Asylum
will take place this evening. Members of tho
Board of Bireetors-uru requested to be present.
—Memltcra ot the Church of the Ascension ivro
requested to communicate with Mr. J. B. liall, So.
211 West Washington street; Mr. 8. N. Kimball.
No. 2S Aberdeen stre-*t.orSllad Faany Steel, Ho.
Jrtfc West Randolph street.
—A meeting ot the stockholders «f the White
Stocking Base Ball Club will le held on Saturday
evening tn the pal lor of the Briggs Ronso. Every
holder of stock h» earnestly requested to be pres
ent.
Dr. Dyer Doees »■Lawyer I
Thotne.R J. Sutherland had routed an office of
I>r. Uver. lor the rent of which he. being ftlawyer,
jcrformed sundry dutk-Rfor tho venerable doctor.
f l he lawyer, however, appeared So value Jib* lalmrs
more than aid the doctor, and applied lor remun
eration, which w»R refused. Tho hnvyor, of courßO.
brought wilt against his employer to recover
On Saturday the employer andoenployu
met and word* pa.v*ed, resulting fa a eharp encoun
ter iKitween the doctor's stick and the
lawyer's hide. The consequence L* ku
action of trespass iu the Circuit
Court ngutnst Charles V. Dyer, the damages being
laid at FJS.nio. Mr. Sutherland la anxious to ob
toiu an extensive practice, apparently, having
underlnkvn two suits against ouoporeoo on Lis
own account.
Nlecellancouo Belief Items.
Governor Palmer ha* received a flve-dollargoM
piece front George Yarcii, of law Angelc*, with
the request that it he put up at auction, tho- pro
ceeds to ho devoted to the Chicago Relief Fuad.
Governor Palmer ha* authorized G. W. Chatter-
ton. of Pprlnjslleld. to receive bids for It.
—The fin-nun of Monmouth give a grand-hop
on Thanksgiving Dny.tho proceeds logo to tho
"widows and orphans of tho Chicago liromsn
who were killed m the lire." A*ot one flreman
was kllled—fbey look good can* of that.
—A meeting of the bar of Will County waohchl
ou Saturday for the purpos*' of seeing wluu ant
(n)iih! I** rendered lothuir Chicago brethren in
replacing the destroyed law libnvrr. Jfo dotinito
action cuuld Ik* taken, hut n committee consisting
of the lion. I>. A. Park, the lion. Francis Good
t-pi-cd, and Majors. W. Munu. wu* appointed to
Confer with jndgu Wilson and others.
Bibles for the Sufferers.
The Young Men's Christian Association, ah tho
Instance of several pastors of Norwegian, Ger
man. mid other foreign congregations, made ap
pmmiuu. through Dr. Itubert Patterson,
to the American Bible Society for
copies of the Scriptures for tfueso fam
ilies which have lo*t the) r Blblea
In the'conflagration; nud which now more than
ever long for the consolations of Gad's precious
promise*. The Bible Society, with that noble
generosity which has become one of iu most
prominent characteristic**, andwhieli has socn
denied it to the w hole nation, nt oncf: forwarded
supplies to its depository here. Mr. Vt. G. Holmes.
Wist Madison street. The visitors of dhtrlcU,
or of churches, or tho pastors air* repeated to
report at the depots of the Young Mu n's ChrUiUn
Association. conw-r of I'porin and Ja-cksoastreeu
and in .the First Baptist Church. tl»e names, resi
dence*.. and language* of sufferera needing and
desiring Irtbfc#, that measures majy be promptly
taken tor supplying them.
Palmer to the Proof.
It will l>f a gratifying Item of inti diligence to the
entire community to learn that Tof tor Palmer has
d« termlm-d to renuild the. old Fivlr I «t Lcltcr store
at owe. on its old site, corner of kVitalnngion and
Plate streets. The contracts were let ywdorday.
Mid work commences at once. j Vis new building
will Ik* of the same dimensions nod goneral plan
of arrangement* a* the old that tho
mmts on Waslduglon and State RlrciM will be hi
litu. Tin* building 1* to iKi'oonypletcd on the Ist
of next July, and in intended far the dry goods
business jisbclurv.
Salaries of City Offiotcs.
An ordinance will soon !«j submitted to the
Ccuniil by Aid. McCauley, fixing tHe salary of tho
Mayor. Comptroller and City Collector at ?i_3oo
tarn, and of fbe City Treasurer atftJOO, he pay
jpg u\ or all Internet ondepoeilfc. Mayor’s n»Uce
art' cutnlov n to tw a year, flhe City Clerk t* loft
when- lie ■wap the pay of certain other city offl
rlaJ» b* fixed at’thf minimum amount merjloned
in tto charter. :md the etalarle* of some others
arc cut down 20 per cent after tho ial of
December.
Chicago Pinch.
Tbs Poston Journal la aptonlwbod to. find the
following exhibition of Chtawto pinch. o<nu»lslln*r
of a rvoiittanro frtnn Chicago without a word of
complaint about tho tiro vctoMes.
oracxno. Oet.i?m.
bfNvrs——: Kaclosed pitaw dod chock for amount
of Invoiced SvptftnhcrCl. itwnktaaoe delayed a few
day*> In oooaequrooe of removal, vey respectfully
yo\n>, .Ujuuko »k ai-mcrm.
The pood people ot Boston n«*Mi not be sur
p'h'M-d. That la jutt what .all our business men
ace doing.
The W*tasr Works.
Tlu- Board of Whlic;.Wcrka havpapplkd to the
Council tor authority to tnmpfor, temporarily.
f!XP.otk> frunr tho men Tier i red from tho sale of
bond*, end cird*Ac« to the water fund, to the
repair fund. They bay that the "Water Works
Imrel-wn damaged to; that amount.-and asth*
watrr rente wiUlrfloff one-third, tlx*'diversion of
money w hksh. they oat: for the only way of sot
ting funds with which to acadto repairs.
lOeoellaaMros Iteme.
A little of PoUobman Flanorty. 13
months, was scaldedi«daa£h ca Saturday, by up
•sttingakettlfbf bcaliag water on hltns**tf.
—1« the Circuit Owut. yrstorcUr. Mr. O. Horton
wax appointed Rs<elj*-r of the Fteomon’R Insur
ance Company, and James Loncuf tbo Equita
ble, The bond in each rase ws<j‘f2od»ooo.
—Two callers, named. Charles Manger and
Thomas Brady, engajwdQla a fight oo Sunday
night, and the lattpplof* a porticc ot bU left ear.
Monger xm arrested for toaybom, and held for a
lurttwj- hearing.
lIeUV to I‘ay Is the name of a cow soil
public s.wk in Adume County. HI., tho other day.
ib«t wcuM be a! very eopboniou* lit-o for the
fondsimiUvo cow that kicked over the lamp in
Chk-aft).,
—Mflthl&s Oap was aaaaultod by three men on
Pontb Clinton fwo* t, on Saturday night, and rob
txdi.flcO BCri al&Urrr watoli. A Gurman was
dnws i>c Canal Ktroet, on Uie Mateo cvrn
luc and, in addition to belug robbed, wo? sevenv
h v Iwaicn by hU ae«4iiluiile.
Ow’nctotbo fart U.at lt was tho ora of tho
fk ctinn. only Uor<* .Vldonnon met at the Ooaa
rit vodeidAy pvunlng. end.
c ;jSwTA fipdclaf.meeting xrtli,l» heidTuoa
dhfiod U yciUTj.’iliOd at tho
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1871.
County Hospital. yesterday, fromltho effect# "of
Injuries received in Jumping from a train on the
Michigan (Vntßil Railroad, near Park Station,
lust Thursday. The Coroner held (an inmic.st. and
the jmy relumed a verdict of accidental death.
—Mrs. Agnes Leonard Scanland, whose mls
fentmea have brought her name during the past
few months bo prominently before the public, will
b'elure in Louisville, to-morrow, the subject being
••Through Fire and Flame."
EJUah X. Harris lias tiled a petition In the Cir
cuit Court asking that ilurdin B. Ilravtoa ho ap
pointed euu-nMor of tho estate o f his father,
.-amm-l H. Harris, safe dcidcr. recently committed
to Un* IhM.iie A-ylmn, at Jacksonville.
—.At ;i u ,ii ul cue uf the pvtroleusco, with
0:. h'Ti-ji. b courts arc not yet through,
.''me, Fuc.-nJ Niu.rcr, bring called as u wlt
ut•'■* rent li icta r to the President and Juices
baying that h«.r anxiety concerning her sou, the
French Consul tu Chicago— not knowing whether
bo bed escaped olive from the conflagration, or
whether he bad simply lost all he j/OfiSOßsed—
renamed it ituposolhle for her to obey the sum
mons.
—Shortly l»efore 11 o'clock, oa Sundav night,
at tee freight office of the Chicago
«x Northwestern Railroad Company hearing t»
splashing .as of tome one in the river, repaired
to Inc spot and fished out a drowning ana drip
ping human of the male sex. named Charles
Lanin, looking as dirty and unpleasant as could
be expected. No questions were asked, and each
went his way as If It were a mere matter of
course. Such is life in the bornt district.
—General f. B. Leake, of Davenport, lowa, who
had made arrangements before the lire to take up
bis i evidence In Chicago, has not changed his
mind. He leaves behind him hosts of friends,but
he will eur.-'.yfbr. warmly welcomed among us.
—The Louisville Courier pays to Mr.Murat ila!-
f lead, of the Cincinnati Commercial, tho highest
iniug<nnble compliment, when it finds a striking
aroilarity m hisp'irtndtto thst of on* of the
1 roof-ieudcrs of Tim Trann»B, Mr. Bobbles by
name.
—rerufits for the erection of permanent build
ings In the burnt districtwere on voaterday grant
ed by the Board of Public Works, as follows r
Jntncs Barker, Nos. 44 and iC Adams street; 11. 8.
Mclxtin,Nos. I*6 andlß4 Monroe street; E. C.
Porter. Nos. sot and 209 Lake street; J. L. Chap
nmn.Ncs. i«4, lie, 168, and 190 Washington street.
—A man named Shroodcr, calling himself a
Erinter, took Ids wife to Quincy, and said ho was
urnt out In the Chicago nro. Work was offered
him, but he refused It until Ida family was pro
vided for. The Relief Committee or Quincy
furnished him with a house and outfit. That night
be and his wife were picked up drank on Main
street, and locked up. The Quincy UTi ig thinks
he was a dead beat, and not a Chicago printer,
whirl* conclusion is doubtless n correct one..
n ww. i«>u, ,ur.uu ui u’iuiHrecn 4, wfimivuc,
—The New Orleans i*i«rytme tells of a lady in
that city who was reading to her servants an ac
count of the Chicago fire. Tho Incident of tho
burning cf the Emancipation Proclamation arrest
ed the attention of one old colored woman, a
slave all her life, who viewed tho proclamation
much as the Ist tu-lites did lhr|Axk of luo Covenant.
“What dut," she said, “burned up!" “Yf«:
aunty, burned up." Den what gwino come of
us again!" “1 don't know; may be you'll bo
slaves as before." Dtn dis chile gwine ot die
right now."
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
&Easbnic.
Pjwlql CVrtnnmuicaUon of Chicago Lodge i 27, A. P.
ai A. M.. thifl CTiT.lnfr, 7:30, tdt&rp, at Apollo iloll,
corner HUto and Tweaty-eighth-at.
My order of the W. M.
it. A. WEINBERG. Secretary.
N. B.—Notice ot race ling in Loaning liall wiw erro>
noon*.
DRY GOODS.
J. B. SHAY,
WIIOEESAEE
DR? GOODS,
5-39, 9)1, 913 i 915 West Misifll-sl.,
(Six Blocks directly west of New Sherman notue}.
has do vr la stock full lines of Prints.
Dleccbcd and Brown Cottons, Ticking,
klrlpcs, Checks, Denims, Cotton Flannels,
Woollen Flannels, Cloths, Rcpdlants, Shawls,
Blankets, Quilts, Table Linens, Napkins,
Towels, Ladles* and Gents’ Tndtnrcar,
XegMge Sblils, Ribbons, Trimmings, Laces,
Worsted Goods, Soilons, and the LARGEST
STOCK OF HOSIERY IY CHICAGO j In fact, a
full Ur.e of all kinds of goods connected with
the general Dry Goods Trade*
We shall be pleased to see both old and
new customers, and ran promise them THE
BEST-ASSORTED STOCK IT THIS HiRKET,
c( very low figures.
SlHLIfi ft SfiWBT HUBH-fl.
HAMM, HALS CO.
WHOLESALE DHT GOODS,
31 33 Sooth Canal-st.
RETAIL DRY GOODS,
328 West Madisoii-st.
CARPETS,
31 South Canal-st,
BANKING.
NOTICE.
renting the completion of its repairs, tho
First National Bank
Will, on TnTTßf»r>A V. NOV. 8, occupy the t**mponiry
oJCet-e»<t«t foe 1&* une on WaeJiington-nt.. nearly op.
IKslte tk>e <ld Bank building. It Ls confidently hoped
limtiliii l<«Ukn. ncvciodtilu by streetcar* ana omul
ba*Lci h Ixvro *2l partsol the city,
«U our tncuda as to render branch oHires onntn.ee
airy. Uur
II 111 EUBGLAR-PROOF VAULTS
w«re uninjured In the bite lire. and. with the strong
guild over them night and «lay, give a guarantee
of safely net generally found In the city at the present
time, ourdeiKvllorswho havo valuable papers etc.,
rca ortauige with as for their safe keeping. If they bo
dMire.
SiHREL M* SICEERSOS, Pres’t.
X/. J. (SACK. Cfishier.
Savings Bank.
TJtiE
Din Moranceil Trast Co.,
Located at 37 West Madison-st. f
under the Phenruta Bouse, are paying their Depositors
IN FULL.
Liberal advances made on com
mercial accounts.
S w. liAVs’.ON. Pn*Mtnt
4. n, PR.\ rsom. vice I‘rwiilent.
w. h. iioswEßU Ca-*IiUT.
Plrerlcrs-W. K.McAllL«tcr. H. W. Bawaou. Jame*
Wa»d. Jcta KutM«r, E. F. PuL-ifrr. J. VV. I’coTaon,
Jamiw
BOOTS AND SHOES.
H ai M.
■mmmißkm,
AT
523 Wabash-av.,
tcratr Bartacn-court. aro now raceiria* a new stock ot
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cas*
tomers.
c. m. wmm k t.
Wholesale
BOOTS SHOES,
Ate now open for corner of
Cvnjrm»v«..eeeiß<ld'>jr aerth- oi Mlcblsaa Avenne'
Hotel, or hew Truaont House, with a
COMPLETE STOCK OP SEASONABLE GOODS.
Tp are bciMins r. iiuxs.rr on the oomerof Stale and
Twti-tj-^txth«ts, *n*l •hau.ln* rt»»dy to till orderafnr
the <W»bmtedHo»dfTs:a Beet about the rsthof Jfo.
WBl«,
C. Iff. nKSOEKSOX CO.
WANTED.
W^W.TiSI>,
Two Upper Leather. Blockers..
riift-cln/wrctil n*n oiuic «po! wage* and BUDisai
uUnfciDS.- Icquim fit Cl WalxuJi or.
BENEFIT OF SUFFERERS.
TEN PER CENT
Of Our Gross Sales of
Saturday, Nov. 11;
WIU he handed to the
RELIEF MlffllTEß,
FOK THE BENEFIT OF THE
Werers ly ffle Late Fire.
STABLY HULL,
THE GREAT
CLOTHIERS'
OP k THE WEST,
123 West Madison-st,
CinCAGO.
DRUGGISTS.
imirymi,
Wholesale Druggists,
(619 State-st.
We now have our usual com
plete stock of Drugs, Druggists’
Glassware, Paints, -Oils, Dye
Stuffs, Patent Medicines, Soap
makers’ Stock, etc., and can now
flu all orders in our line at the
lowest possible prices.
STATIONERY.
COBB, AISEWS d.
Booksellers Stationers,
469 Wabash-av.
Jeif receierd, a Large Stock of
jom.v.iLs,
LEDGERS.
C*ISU BOGUS,
27.fi* noons,
JIM.irO.YB IPBZr/.TG p.fPh'Ks,
KiTiyrow:.?,
tdpi'i.rfr books,
PO.ST a STICK BOXES,
•IB&OLD'S /.Tiff,
WI7IMr./.rs TILES,
•till all oliter hind* of
Office Stationery,
COBB, ANDREWS CO.,
469 'Wa'bash-av.
HOOFING MATERIALS.
Hoofing Materials,
AND BUILDING FELTS.
EMIT, mm k mi,
230 East Monroe-st,
Near Market, arc now prepared to fill all order* on
short notices Call and see them at 230 Baal Mouroe-sL,
near Market.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
Passing Thro’ the Fire,
off tse*e B*ttff and CAorut by
GEORGE F. ROOT;
Oar first Publication since the Fire*
PRICE, 30 CENTS.
Sent by mail, prepaid, on receipt of market price.
ROOT CADY,
613 Jtlithigan~av., Chicago.
WATCHES.
Mill
in
We have a full line of
Movements, and .Gold
and Silver Cases, made
by the American Watch
Co., Waltham, Mass.
N. MATSON CO.,
4SI Wabasla-av.
KUSXCAX. INSTRUMENTS,
ROOT CADY,
612 Michigan-av.
Geo. Steok Co.’s Pianos,
Boot Cady Pianos, Mason
Hamlin Cabinet Organs, Imported
Musical Merchandise, Strings,
Violins, German Accordions,
&c. Sheet Music and Music
Bonks.
MISCEIXAKEOUS
MEDICAL M® BLECTRICM.
INSTITUTE,
ESTABLISHED im isos;
Bncered from U9 Wabash-a*. In crc.tcqiraoco of the
creat Are to IS3 Caltunet-ar.. Onr home la new sod
commodious, havlnp an the of modern
Ifiintoxemente, we Intend rt lo bo more Meannt for
mm patients and rtw*u than the former one. With a
renewal of oar cnerciea and a determined taproro
ment In onr modicafablilty, we extend to thoas that
<U«ltr a benic and onr .treatment a cordial welcome.
Physicians and friends aro at liberty a* nsnal to send
the worthy pcot that need ourtfrealment <not beard)
tm of 'charge, Providing UiVTther certify t-) their
needy cOndltKv. pVe are within two blocks of Twenty
seoend-st. Dcpet bl the Illinois Ctmtinl and Michigan
Central italiroiuli, also one block from Cottage Orove
ar.carw ►tori-tu* *t Tweaty-thlrd-st. and one block
from Tweo»y-*econd*t. omnibus line stopping at
CalumetAv.
Charred Papers Pestersi.
RESTOFJh'a BOB BALT? nr __
J. M> HiRwH,
n s* Woet Washington-eL
Charred Papers Eestored
By C; prtBEBT .-Umlytical ChemiK and
corner Twenty-efecood »t and Wabaab^y.
;:f|atcnt Ollice, i
Quick rnmt'6flp*t«it< procured, sod qulnk Mi«
flPal«uia*W OaJ^ott*. pr.ee JO cab. The
InvtßjorS' Exhlpitumand Patent
ItXew York.
GROCERIES.
STANTON CO.
t>frr a Mi ot
Family Groceries
Tfkes, Uq««.'«nd Harana Cigars,
AC 939 Wfibash-av.
STANTON <t CO.
LAND Tim'S.
9m Tub Mr
All poisons aiming SEAL ESTATE in
Cook County should at once prepare to
PROVE THEIR TITLES, After an act
is passed providing for this, it will take
yean EOS OWE, COUBT3 TO COM-
PLETE THE- BUSINESS. Therefore
if you wish to save expense and delay.
band in your abstracts, deeds, &a., at
once, as the business will be taken up in
regular order. “Eirst come first served.”
Charges low.
BBLLi I BLAIBiI
HEAL ESTATE ATTORNEY,
No. 393 Wabash-av.,
IN BASEMENT.
JEWELRY.
JEWELR7.
We have opened a full
assortment in both our
Wholesale and Retail
Departments, at 481 Wa
bash-av., corner of El
dridge-court.
N. MATSON CO,
general notices.
To the Tax-Payers of
Chicago.
TO WILLIAM J. ONAIIAN',
City Collect-'^
DKARSfRrWf. tho nnderalgnf'd.
city, represeotinyTarlotii* Important intcrr<t\ havlrf.y
had the opportunity during tho pivit two years of
acquainting ourselves by porson.il obeOrvutiim iu
business tnterconjvc with yon, of tho efficient and
creditable manner la which you organized ami man.
agt-d tho affairs of your •nice, and the great zeal and
■vigilance with which yon protected the tax-payers,
take lids manner o£ expressing our unqualified aatla
fertion with your administration, nud, at the same
time, believe that tho public interests will be tub
served by year re-ekctlua. An wo leant that the
records of your office have been totally dost roved In
the late fire, we derm II doubly important that you
nlumld be retained In tho p>vilti"n. when you. If any
one can. may bo enabled t« ,-et «l*out tht-lr nvionuinu,
uni, at the some time, j*o enabled to sene the Lis
pavers with the zeal and energy that Itw hitherto
eigcallzcd your admlnlstruiluo.
tblguul'l
It. TT. TTmoro, Ir& ITMqim.
Cha*. V, Dyer, The Commercial Natloua
baud. 11. Kejteut, Uivah.
s. J. Walker, M. D. Buchanan, Civthior.
Win. I>. Kvrnvf. Mattocks A Miksou.
June.-* M. Marshall, Win. Cochrane,
duo. J’. Ulii'gvr, Carter 11. Uarrl-wn,
Wm. (Jnrm-tt, John licdlingdieod.
In egrlt, IJas.n-tt A IJUlfl, Henry PotHln.
Jehu ReKcven, Thomas Rekardu
Gcorp*- Murgva, Henry Oreeneliaum.
K. lavlor, Clinton Prigg-,
Albert V rushy. Ibvvld Krieeli,
Dhlil. M. Hi-one, W. M. KchD.
C». L- xlloilU*-s. J. tsesdy Wallace.
National And others.
Bank,
MIrSS ROOT,
Teacher of Vocal Music,
JTaving lost her ndddrCHs la>ok In iho flro, takes tit!-*
nudhodtl Infurndog her pnpiU Uiov-dio in ready-to re-
Mime tiielr le-sßoiiH. She mav l*e artdn sMsl at HOOT A
V ADY"t?. Cl 3 Wabash av.. or'at U tUovclaod i’aiV,
NOTICE.
To SaUrcftd and Transponution Cevupanbv*. All
goc-ds to ua please drUrti to Mossm.
BBADNER.KMITIIdiCO., 311 ami 3+5 Wabosli-av.
O. 11. A. S. LAFf-IN. Our utilco will be with them.
NOTICE,
Mr. Charles H. True
Retiree Ircoi wurlinu thin day.
GAG K dfc DAVIS,
Chicago, Nor. I.IPTX.
NORTH SIDE.
I will lease for a term of ten vear* I.V) feet on the
eoutheot-t rtnwr of IlUuui* and nonh-MA. hi‘JOor ST»
l«»t loin, at SiO per loot anti Uu.ec and a»et-*HTQrntH. and
wdlluiit the jiartioH U-ueliur moner at 10 r**r rout iht
tinnum to help them build. W3l,t*. JbIINeTON, Court
>l«nwn Square.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Jo*kph Mooni:, Ja.
WJI. I). EO<tEK.«,
WM. D. ROGERS CO.,
ESTABLISHED IfM<J.
ORIGINAL AND ONLY iIANCFACTUIUJUS OF
TILE CELEBRATED
Rogers’ Fine Plcasnre Carriages.
Elrcsrt CarfUimi of every description. lu etook and
hntlt in erder, Im-lndinc SC i.X KYS, t?HJ2LKTON and
LIGHTTROTTING WAGONS.
FINEST l-TNlsn, NEWEST hTVLKS, and CNE
<4called durability.
Drawing ami Specifications mailed when .-.dlcif^L
Office and Warerooms, 1009 1011 Cheat
aut-at; Maaufoctory.Thlrteeath.
and Parriah-stA.
SVCCKKDIJI O
OJEO. AV. WATSON Ac CO..
{Uetlnd.l
PHILADELPHIA.
READY.
GILLETT, TITUS CO.
Hare sow in stork a full ami fresh line of NOTIONS.
Ditraoitfra* sundries wallets, etc. Send
in your orders. Come and two os.
ntichigan-av.. brt. Van Burcn
and Congress-»(iL
Gi! let’s Chemical Works.
Theee Works are new at
No. 51 West Lake-st.,
and have since the fire been put in mmpleto rnnninr
order, with an entire new ntook of flatarra and ma
terials. and goods will be manufactured, and tho trade
supplied aa usual. OILLET. McCULLOOH CO,
DiXOH HAMILTON,
ARCHITECTS,
No. 829 Slate-st., (Swond Story),
Entrance through Boomer qt«r
Storo,
LAUUDER’S
LOAJC OFFICE
REMOVE!)
To 2Tcrtb&aßt Comer Wabash-av. and Twen
ty-second-st,, Boom 6.
diettep to Jboen c*t Mtiamtondt* 8 f V tfehet and
J The* try.
HE. A, P. PECK,
No. !ISB Cnlurnet-ftv.,
Having the beat portable electrical apparatus formed*
leal nee In the city, made to bU order for n?«c In hi* gen
eral practice, will be ready, at all limes to assist pliyab
Clara with It in emergencies, and to treat patient*
centred at homeand needing web treatment.
Commissioner Simeon W. King’s
Office 178 West Madison-st, near llalstCd-*t
Mr. King la Commlahloner of I**ds lor every State
and Territory, Attorney at Law. United> States.Cum*
xnbwioaer. Nrtary Public, Commissioner rolled BUtea
Court c( Claims. Passports obtained, and Fireproofs
careinlly and promptly adjusted. Retain this toe ref
mace. ___
CORRUGATED ROOFING ISON.
Galvanized sad Black Corrugated KseHap
Iron; also Galvanized dbcet-lron*
iTYNC A CO.,
-67 nnd flg.Soath Cansl-at., Chicago*
W. D’. FRENCH,
COMMISSION M BBC HAN'T.
Office and store lfi3 Wewt Lakc-at. O rain, flour, »eod.
,drt*»cd Hogs, etc.'
CORNS,
I
Dr. KENISON, Chiropodist, 853 Wabash-av., ■eoraer
Slxtccnth-ct,
roura. 8 a. m- to 6 p. m.
WEBSTER BROS,
\TUI acccimobdate the'r customers SAtwnal. WHOLE
PALE and RETA.it. («ncr W«; Wushingtoa and
Union Park.
DJSTIItaWCE,'
Continental Inrorante Company of Sew York^
Tlu- folio wins correspondence explain-* lt*df-
OrTICE OK CoVmnVTAI, fXeEU J.XCU CUMVAXT
r>o, 102 BROAUWAT. .Vinv YOOK.'
ik'Nitwraiici V
Hoa. Ctco. W. Mlllor. Superintendent Inaurauco'ife
iurtmont. state o! N«w York:
I>KAJ: MU: The failure of nuuy insurance coropiinW
by the irtoloajro Are. after a.-oiru:iiv.H had been trtrou
tnut they .wen? ably to pay all nomamK ami to immu
tlK'ir business baa juiuiucd an s»ppr**tien»ion In thu
public mind, and, perhaps, in your own, which It L»
important-should be allayc<L
We. therefore, ao far aa thin oompniy it concern ixl_
rcoueaiy«u,atyuur earliest nuaetfciOire. to iovi-*n
xat« its affairs, ana to ascertain iouM'udtbiu nud ability
to fuldl existing obligation.", and ruT* that our otlm iix
the ordinary rtmtse of U* Uusine**.
Wp wish, also, to call your attention to ourfucmieo
of capital, already largely occr-nubscriUsl, and dt*sirv>
to know when wo can close the subscription bitoka,
and cull in the.ntoocy, under your construction of ih<*
statute.*’
Yourpnunpt attention will no regarded a-t a favor.
Wry rcbpocrtnllr. WKO. T.HOPK, Prwd.lent.
UiSL*lt.tsC£ DKPAUTMGNT. STATK OF NEW
YORK.;,.
Albxst. Nor, 2, IMt.
,\t th«*rcmiA«t of tiie Continental ln*nniuc« Cunr-
Toiir of thoTUyof Now Voti^.l-have-token-thee«rT
i.-et opportnulir, oftfKVXstfou
al Convention ot InsurunM CommiadoneM to lavo-dl
safc*the artalr.v of tho .company, and I UndllTCoadUkna
to oeaa follows:
lt*a*j**t-*. amounting to i'.hWT.SJT'.Scare Judiciously
and .lalt lv invented.
It* capital of live hundred thoo.-*and dollars la tin Im
paired. and it lias a «arjdu.sof net octets largely loct
ce**of the amount required to nJn.viini It* outataod
ln» Ti*k*. after providing loc ail other UabUittua, la
cludieg chloayuTos*o«*.
1 Ls 10.-m-.h eii>tnined at Chlcaco ore Incoorso of rapid
adjnstmt nt, mid laavo tbo company with nburiitauc
abUitr to afford indemnity to It* customer*, and to re
spond prmnptlv to all cuatoaury claims.
The .-iiltscrtptions to it* voluntary u.ldiUon of llv*»
huudml thousand dollar! to it* capital an- nmclx
CTHiter than double the amount to which stockholder*
arcimlUed. and tho subscription books must yet re
main open until the 20th ImtL, at which timo tiu*.aob»
ncnrilon-*uiav tornado parable.
tiKo. W. MlLLFJh.Superiotf-mlent.
MANHATTAN
Insurance Company
.V* York Sm.rt.mc Court.—-\’*X.nM,>r _\f. C. Smith
ft mL acainrt The Manhattan Insurance Company.—
>oUc*?i> hrr» l»v plrctt that by anorder uud** In ttM
above miitl.-si action the undersigned has been an*
pointed llwfivrr of all the propvrtv, fnmls, and effects
of th* 3lauhaiu»n Insurance Company, and that—
1. All i*rx>n* Indf bted to the wild Company are ro«-
(juratt-d. on «>r Uffort* Nowntber 11, isfi. at ID o’clock
m.. at the office of the Receiver, No. St* U’ail-»L, In
city of New York, to render an account of the debt*
and raa,' of money owing br them respectively to each
Ltnupany. and tvpay the same.
2. All peraotu having in their possession any nro>>
erty or effect- of Mild Company an* required todrllreT
the Mini* to the rsM Receiver, at hi* said office, on oc
before the day above named.
X All creditors wl mu! company an* required to de
liver Uiur re* jHvtive account* arid Uem.imUi against
said couijuny to said Kcctaver ut the place above
named, on or before December 13, i?7i, at 10 o’clocir
a. m.
•L All persons holding any open or *ub*-WUng coq
tract of Mich company ore required tu pn-x-nt tha
.same to Kai,i Hre rivet Jo writing and in detail, on or
before -aid lath dav of December. tS7I. at Ida o Blre. Jfa
6* Wall-el., in the <itv of X«r*T York.
Dated, New rYok, 'Oct. -I. I*7l,
CIIAUM’RV BEDELL, Receiver.
DAP.SEY. UUTI.Ki: A PAH-SONs.
AU*»nw*vs for Krvvlwr.
ill _ Broadway. New York Dtry.
SECURITY
Insurance Company.
New T-fi ■-nj.nine r*vm.-T?M.nnt P. flniJ
Edward t ifnj?,ejl against The M-curiiy Xusumuo*
Coiii|Miuy.
Notice l* hereby alert* that by a» imler tnadoin th«
abovw entitled action, the undersigned lum Usm op.
pointed Uvrviverof all the propone. fund*. mid effect*
«if Tito co-entity in.-tunucy Company of the CitroC
New York, and that
L All iK-oons Indebted to mrh coaipaar ar« rcqnir.
Ed, on or l*efore November 1 1, Ic7J. at io o'clock am. al
No. Broadway, corner of Park Place, in the City at
New York, to render «u account of the debt* and sum*
ot money owiur by thciu te-peetlvely to such commutr
and to bay Urn same.
3. All i*err«iw having In tlielrpiVNexionanr property
or effects of Mdd company, are n-tiuired to drUrerth*
same to said Receiver on or before the day aboro
named.
3. AU creditor* of *aid pompaur aro wqnlnsl to do>
liver their tefipeetive account-* and demands asninaC
said company to the n;iid Ibveiverat the placo übwr*
nameil. on or before December it, t37i, at W o'clock
A. IU.
4. All persons lioMlnq Any openorMub-.UtinecontnoC
of »urh vs-mpHivy are rrqiurvHt to pnweut the i*ara« to
f»»lil Ibs’icvv r. fa wrltimr and In detail, on orbefim
*.vd 11 tli day of December, IsTt, at Ida o/fice. No. 30
Kpvudwav, ronuruf Park Place, In the city of No*T
York. Dated New York. Octobers. I*7l.
A. K. HAs-TINtJS. Rrceiror.
lUhXRT. RITTXIS it r.VK.-K'Vr. AUoniefs for Ko
tvlur, in Broadway. N. V. ntv,
'lheiiiidcrsiatits!, a tnetrlKTof tlie law firm of Bar
ney, Butler A Patvaju*. will cheerfully gtvr to thma
bolding iHiheiea In *4lh«T <>f ilio h!h>vo e«impanlan alt
Uiforniatieo dtv-in d by tlo iu on applrtug to alia at hbt
lemiHirary office No. 101 Waba-li<vv.,’np stairs.
Arrnnsvaiuits will be i>erfecttn! duriug tho presonC
wH-k for the adJuslmeut and pr«»>f of |(te..c« mid daA
nvlice jilTclu T. K. STILLMAN,
nitevl CHIC vro. Not. A. 1-Cl.
VoSkEBS Si. NEW VOUK
Insurance Company.
All j* who have not presented tlielr claims and
pn-of>* of Jo*i» should do (m> at once, and all pdiciM
standing should be prrm'nted for cancellation, and prop,
erty irrsunsl in m-Itciu CvnipanUx.
iT«e Company hns been obliged to reUre from tte
field, anil low guue into the bunds of a fb'ceirer.
No cemprumlso bao b«s‘o uropOMsl, and oil ltd aoaot*
will be faithfallT applle*! to a settlement of tho Ooa>
pony's obU*ntioiu>. lulmahta can factlll ito matters
by handing in Utelr claims at once to A. WILLIAMS*
Adjuster for the Receiver. iutx> ludltiwvav.
NORTH. AMERICANEFIRE INS. CO.
I’arflM holding elalnvi for lo.*w or ilatnug*w br Uw>
Into tire, under poUctewuf this company. win pie*M
present their proof* of at tht* oltJie of Geo. 0.
L'iarkr, L«*b, by the 3Hb next.
WfLLXS
Rf«C<Tef.
RELAX ESTATE.
Clieap Farms, free Suss!
ON TUB LINK OF THR
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
A LAND GRANT OP
12,000,000 ACHES
OP THE
Best Funning and Mineral Lands in Amertoa.
H.00^.000
Aenwof Choice Terming nod Grazing Land, on Ik#
line of tho liond, to the State of Nebraska. in the Groat
Platte Valley. now foe t-ale. for rnoh or 100 it ere Hi.
Ttu-e
izraia-tmiwtiur and stock-raising, uxumrpas«d by aaj*
Ui the L'miid State*.
Prices Sange from $2 to $lO per Acre.
HOMSTEiBS FoiTclOt SETTLES^.
0.500,000
Arrt-Aof Government land ixdwoea Omaha aad Nectft
Platte. open for entry aa UOM££TKAD4 ONLY.
SOLDIERS OF THE LATE WAR
ARK ENTITLED TO A
FREE HOMESTEAD OF 160 ACRES*
Within Railroad limits, equal to a
Direct Bounty of S4OO.
rT'Send for the new edition of descriptive pamphlet
with n«*w maiH>. mailed frw everrtvlicrn.
Addrtwt O. F. DATIM,
Land Commissioner U. P. R. H. Co..
OMAHA, Ngg.
ALL WASTHfC FARMS
In a delightful climate, fertile country, the bee* of
market*, and a gr*-*t railn-iul centre. The aotl pnv
due*-* fiif l>cet cf wheat. £TH.v* and com.
KoclnM and pear*. Morn ur,.pe* are shipped uua
from any otb*-e place in the Umou. Tlie land can be
plowed nil winter. It 1* perfectly healthy, ami Iu«
become the T»«*r»rt of invalid*. Society la good—beat oC
echcw4a. and churches of the various orthodox donumt
nations, Prio»nf new load onlr £5 per acre. T»w»
lute, ivi). liundrodj are Mtillnx- vor Infonruttoß
undnawre, adfirr<*a
t:i£Aß. K. LANDI-S. Vlnelaod. N. J.
STOVES AND FURNACES.
THE
EMPIRE
GAS BUBiSEB
Stoves and Furnaces,
Together trilh a full fi« of Cook 8*999^
are told tiocr, at before the *3rc. at
LEAIfEIIWORTII’S,
218. .Wert Xeke-st
LEGAL NOTICES,
la Ibe IHatrkt floorf of t&o rafted States fte
tbe .Tcrtiieni Siatiirtof Ifeir York,
IN BANKRUPTCY—In the matter of the Bnffido
Plr* and Martnc Insurance Company. a Bankrapc
The uodmaeieil hereby eivte notice that hehiwbee*,
dulr Recover of thepropecty.aaaeOa
andcfloctsof tho Roflalo Fire and Marine Inanraoo*
Ccmuor, which harp been adjured a Bankrupt by t&a
District Court of *the United Ptalee for tho Northern
BLjtrtxtot New Tork, and that all persona hare boot
enjoined, by tho order of said OoorL from making. ant
are forbidden to mate, tar pojmt»U at any debt* a*
said Banknpt/or the delivery of any property belong
ing to Jt,(o mUo uaakrdpfc-oruy of ita-omeem, or any
other person ettepVthe undersigned as Mich Keoeiveck
or frcm in any manner interfenDir with or removing
anvof the property of iaaWrD'inkropt,’ except far tho
Hyoritr thereof.
DaUdßonilo,Ocfc31»I57L _____
1 HUBBhCAN 8. JKWRI'f.
Fp*<dai Receiver. Ac.
TO RENT.
TO RENT.
1 Salta of offleiaj og single offices, second and third
floor*p£adtids®*
coart.,
Also* a hlgb/liniAM ba«wat;'with‘roof for itorag*
ofßCtcfaanilli& adapted to tea merchants turn,
KApplyto T-J 1•' GEO. C. OLAJtKE,
10 radridgOTOOrt.
nratTBANOE PAPER.
Insurance Paper.
m.. nnlppliraflt nnlill-ltfr of. THS HEBitLP. a
mouihir imwfacco Sunn L wUJ, In addition to tha
“Sari*methere«lV pbbUsb on- Satuxdayns-rt. ami
nneaih imcwMmr flatimtey thereafter. o? v»Jannxtr
HBRALD A eight pages. gi'Hnffa futt
irvi nrrumtiNdievrtory of *ll thelasurance offices ami
scenr'esto the rlly. anthnlbßive InlormUlon as V>
tbcfatiuty an I stsallag; of hwomnoo companies, ud
the freahest ir.saranoo news from all parta M th*
arantxr- O-Jaraateejl circulation ta» copies -wtsekty-
AilvtTtiaaca nf*'. to be Bare of insertion, mast be in by
Thursday n gbt of cock woak, at the offiMk 17 Son*
HabkdC'k OEO. J. YBAOiiR.
3