4
Verms of Subscription,
FATAH LX VS ADVANCE:
Sally Edition, per year, by hail—— —..512.00
Trl-weekly Edition, per year, byMAiL............ S.OO
6an Cay Bdition.'por ye*, by mai1.......... 2.50
Weekly Edition, peryalr, by mai1.;...,..,.;....... 2AO
Varts o! a year at tie same rata.
To prevent delay an SmlsLakes, be sore and give Post
Office address in fall, bclnding State and county.
BcmltUnces may bj made either by draft, express,
Poet Office order, or U registered letters, at onr risk.
i
TEEMS Tf CITT 81
Dally, delivered, am day excepted, 25 cents per week.
JDaQy, delivered, gdiday included, 30 cents per week.
ITHE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15 Canal-fit., Chicago, lIL
Monday/ decembee 4, isn.
CHICAGO AND THE BAILHOADS.
Among thdmany idiotic notions that have
been evolve^on tho subject of railroads since
the great fire visited us, is one embodied in
a bill recently introduced in the Illinois
Legislature by one of Ibe Representatives
of this city, prohibiting tho Common Coun
cil of Chicago from admitting any steam
railway into or through the city, without
tho written consent of two-thirds of tho
property-holders, along the lino where
right of way is asked. Tho obvious
intent of snch an act is—at least its practical
effect would be—to prohibit any more rail
roads from entering Chicago, and to confer
upon those now domiciled hero a monopoly
of the traffic.
Akin to this proposition is the action of
those two or three property-holders on Dear
born Park, who hope, by their opposition, to
prevent the Michigan Central, Chicago, Bur
lington Qnincy, and Illinois Central Rail
roads from rebuilding their great passenger
depot upon tho lake front property,
and thus accommodating the vastly increas
ed passenger traffic of the future, and at tho
same time making room for a suitable freight
depot in the locality best adapted for such
purpose. It has been hinted several times
that two of these roads will move their pas
senger business to tho West Side, in order to
find tho space which the “injunctionists”
would deny them ou the lake front; but it
has been intimated by some tbat this was,
after all, a mere threat, made to influence
the public opinion. That tbis is not the
case, and tbat the Great Central depot is no
fixture, as tho case stands, is shown conclu
sively in tho letter of Mr. Wm. B. Ogden,
published in Tin-: Tkiiiuxe of yesterday.
There is scarcely a man in Chicago who will
suppose for a moment that Mr. Ogden would
attempt to mislead the public by making a
false statement, or by exaggerating the
truth, or by stating for fact what ho only
surmises. And Mr. Ogden says in that letter:
The important and far-extended Chicago,
Burlington i Quincy Railroad, and the Michigan
Central, can too easily. I fear, bo driven to aban
don tbo lake shore, and make new combinations
elsewhere, of a character, possibly, sufficiently
powerful to force tho passenger business of the
Illinois Central to follow them. I think I have
reason to believe, from what I know of the views
and interests of the Michigan Central and the
Chicago, Burlington Quincy Railroads, that
there is real danger, if tueir views and conclu
sions are opposed too strenuously and too long
(-however exceptionable those views may be con
sidered by the property interests involved), that
they will determine to change their location, and
probably to the West Side.
He continues How unfortunate such a
change would prove to the South Side!” and,
he might have added, to the whole citj’. for
to crowd tho business of tbe railroads into
unnatural and ill-adapted localities, would
so greatly increase the cost of doing business
as to retard seriously tbe progress of tbe city
at large, and react unfavorablj- upon tho very
locality which had thought itself favored by
the change.
Yet more pernicious than this action of tho
“Injunctionists” is the proposal in the
Legislature, when six or seven first-class
railroads—two from the East, one from the
South, and three or four from tho richly
producing and infinitely promising North
west—are seeking entrance to Chicago, to
impose upon them such restrictions as prac
tically to oxclndc them from bringing hither
their immense traffic and contributing
thereby to tbe prompt upbuilding of tbe
burned city, Wc all know that Chicago
owes her rapid growth and present
greatness to her generous and wise policy
toward railroad enterprises. We have gladly
taken them all in and given them facilities
for doing business, and have found our own
account in such a course. Can Chicago be
so foolish, outsiders will ask, as to kill the
goose that lays golden eggs for lier
The reply to this is, that the anti-railroad
movements, thus far, are not, in any sense,
public movements. They are the attempts
of private individuals to get their interests
preferred before those of the public. If they
are successful, it will be, through specious
arguments, or senseless clamor. It has been
a fault of Chicago public management, and
a serious drawback to Chicago’s pros
perity, that private interests have
been allowed to infringe too much
upon the interest of the public. Individual
citizens have been allowed to prevent tbe
laying out and improvement of streets, and
to obstruct them for an indefinite period,
and even to fence them up away from the
public altogether without any effective in
terference in behalf of the public. Indi
viduals have been allowed to violate ex
plicit ordinances rmd obvious equity by fail
ing without penalty, in any contract which
they might have with the municipal corpo
ration by building illegal structures, to the
jeopardy of their neighbors’ houses: by
maintaining nuisances, to tho inconvenience
of the public, and in other manifold ways,
defying the maxim that the safety’
of the public is tho supreme law.
It is a good time now to
stop all these -evils, especially since we have
had the wickedness of some of them so pain
fully demonstrated to us, and since the new
State Constitution has provided a whole
some remedy for others. That instrument
particularly provides for simple and easy
steps toward the establishment of the neces
sary railroads and highwaj-B. Tho Common
Council of this city is authorized to cede
rights of way to railroad corporations, upon
proper indemnification of the property-ow
ners; and tho latter arc amply guarded
against injustice in this respect. The pro
posed act concerning right of way is counter
to the spirit, IS not to the letter, of all the
Jaws now in force on this subject. It is also
contrary to the interests of the people of
Chicago.’ There is no danger iu leaving to
the City Government, and to the juries which
shall bo summoned for tho purpose, all ques
tions of right of way for railroads proposing
to enter Chicago, and of damages caused
thereby. The managers of those roads. hav
’."s unv such will naturally go
where tee‘damage will be least; and tbe in
terests of the various localities can be safely
left to tbe Aldermen elected by those locali
ties to represent them in the Common Coun
cil.
Tiio effects of the great fire in Chicago ap
pear to be as far-reaching as the effect of
a 113' great battle, or other prominent event in
history. Like almost everything else we
have done, our fire was cosmopolitan. It ar
rested the flow of business all over Christen
dom, for a day at least. It aroused a charity
such as the world has never known before—
the extent of which was only limited by the
limits of civilization. It set thousands of
bnty hands all over the world collecting the
means, and thousands of busy brains con
iil\ing tbe ways, in which we can rebuild.
It was complicated with the three great
episodes of existence—birch, marriage, and
death. It has raised new questions of mo
rality and theology. It has taxed legal
knowledge to the utmost. It has de
veloped new questions of fluauce. It has
exposed and exploded rotten systems of in
surance. In correcting a great metropolitan
auistakc, it has shown other cities, from Sau
Francisco to St. Petersburg!!, their own mis
takes. It has afforded a warning which has
been a wide-spread benefit. It has shown
the will and energy of man, and the patience
ami heroism of woman. In individual re
sults, noenc can ever knowhow far this great
lire has reached; but that it has travelled a
great distance, and is still marching on, is
evident from the fact that the sale of a lime
quairy on the Island of San Juan, in the
archipelago east of Vancouver’s Island, ami
on the boundary Hue between 'Washington
Territory and the British Possessions, was
defeated because tbe purchaser was to get
tils money from a friend who was fo collect
it from a Chicago Than" out.
As the Chicago,mah, has' resumed
by this time;the purchaser is at liberty to
renew negotiations. The average Chicago
mnn is going to pay.in full.
MEETIHGr OF .CONGRESS.
The regular session of Congress commences
to-day. Though tho amount of legislation
pending is in tho-aggregate large, the meas
ures of general interest and of national con
cern are confined to a very few subjects.
Ever since ISC6 we have been' tinkering at
tho restoration of social and political affairs
in the rebel States; We have enacted every
thing which tho political doctors and quacks
have recommended. Wo have, made every
body citizens and everybody voters, and, in
order to establish the right of everybody to
hold office ou an equality, wo have disquali
fied the greater portion of tho competent men
inlthosc States. Tho exigencies of political
equality, according to some of onr statesmen,
demanded this, in order to give those who
are not competentan equal chance., Wehave
legislated over and over again and have pro
claimed very much after tho Mexi
can stylo in order to suppress the Ku-Kluxers.
Less than a year ago wo enacted a semi-mili
tary code which, it was contended, would
settle the business, and let the country have
peace. But, notwithstanding all this, there
are several bills pending to make tho final
measure more effective, and a joint commit
tee of Congress, who have been enjoying
tho hospitality of the Ku-Klux all summer,
will probably report two or three more bills.
Senator Morton, of Indiana, has not been
able to sleep of nights for a long time be
cause of the ravages of these Ku-Klux at
tho South, and possibly Congress could do
no better than to commission that Senator
to proceed to the South, find out tho cavo of
the Grand Cyclops, and engage him in mor
tal combat.
The other subjects of general character arc
the reduction of taxes, civil service reform,
and an investigation of tho Sjnidicate. Upon
these measures Congress must act one way
or the other. Even if the combination of
monopolies present any general bill for the
reduction of taxes, there must bo votes taken
upon tbat question. In tho Senate there are
bills already passed by the House repealing
the duties on coni and salt, and it is likely
that another bill will bo passed by the House
repealing the dnties on lumber. Upon these
bills there must be some action in the Senate.
It is no longer a question of the right of tho
Senate to originate tariff bills, the
House bills are on tho calendar,
and Senators must vote for or against
taking them up; aud, if they are takeu up,
Senators must vote for or against tho bills.
Upon that question, therefore, there must bo
a show of hands. If these three bills can be
passed, the country will have a promise that
the present bad system of taxing one man
for the benefit of another Is in the course of
ultimate extinction.
The Commissioners appointed by tbe Presi
dent to examine the condition of tbe civil
sendee, and to recommend such regulations
as they may deem needful for its reform, will
report, and this report will be laid before
Congress. It will have to bo discussed, and
tbe discussion must cud in some action look
ing to reform or against it. There must
be such action as will satisfy the people that
Congress is in favor of, or opposed to any re
form. The votes of individual members in
reference to this great evil of tho day will
be watched with exceeding interest.
In July, 1870. Congress, after much impor
tunity from the Secretary of tho Treasury,
passed an act authorizing him to issue 5 per
cent bonds, not to be sold at less than par iu
coin, or exchangeable at par for outstanding
0 per cent bonds. This law limited tbe
whole expense of the. issue, including that
of printing, to one-half of 1 per cent, and it
expressly prohibited him doing any
act by which the public debt should
bo increased. This was not the
law Mr. Boutwell wanted. So
he proceeded, a year later, to negotiate his
loan, in disregard of this law, violating it in
almost every respect. He increased the debt
for the period of three months, by the sum
-of $130,000,000, paying interest thereon at tho
rate ef 5 per cent. Ho largely exceeded tho
limitation of one-half of 1 per cent for ex
penditures he established tho dangerons
precedent of negotiating a public loan In de
fiance of statutory restrictions, and ollercd
as a premium to tbe agents in the illegal
transaction the use of the government money
or credit for $130,000,000, for three months,
paying them therefor, in addition, a bonus
.o.tti»o mits or o per cent per annum.
No such daring violation of law by an ex
ecutive officer has occurred iu tho history of
the government. It calls for such action by
the House of Representatives as will prevent
its repetition. The facts are notorious, the
violation of tho law is admitted, and the
Secretary defends his action on tho ground
that he saved money by it—or, in other
words, that the end justified tho raeaus.
It is already given out that no investiga
tion of this affair will he had; that tho Re
publican party, upon the eve of a Presiden
tial electiou, cannot afford to investigate tho
conduct of a Cabinet officer. We do not
estimate tho sentiment of a majority
of the House of Representatives to be
so low as this would indicate. The
official acts of tho Secretary of the Treasury,
are not acts Which tho Republican party are
under obligation to approve or justify except
upon tbeir merits. The Republican party is
responsible to the country for a faithful ad
ministration of tho government. It was fast
enough four years ago to resort to the ex
treme measure of impeachment upon a tech
nicality. It cannot afford to strain at a gnat
and swallow a camel. It must condemn vio
lation of law whenever committed, and tho
condemnation of a Republican officer by the
Republican party, for a clear violation of law
and duty, would bo worth more to the part}'
and to the country than the imaginary ser
vices of a hundred such officers.
HOMES FOB WORKINGMEN.
This Is the ago, says Mr, Gladstone, of tho
workingman. Asa class, the workingmen
have doubtless arrived at the period of self
consciousness. They begin to recognize with
some distinctness the incidental disabilities
of their position, especially as they look out
and see tho advantages possessed by capital
in the hands of intelligence, or, rather, the
advantages of intelligence when it has con
trol of abundant capital. Tho mere laborer,
unskilled and alone, finds himself at odds.
In many ways he labors at vast disadvan
tages. This is true; and because it is true,
and the laborer has got to thinking about it,
it may bo said that there will, henceforth,
be a kind of continual social crisis among all
the more advanced Christian nations, until
matters shall come to bo more thoroughly
adjusted. The social problem is difficult, but
it is hopeful. For Christianity quickens
the human intellect, as well as con
science and heart, and in many
a time of depression, confusion, and almost
despair, a single bright suggestion has Hashed
its light, and led to an unexpected solution of
the trouble. 'While, however, no intelligent
person despises the importance of the opera
tions of tho trades-unions, of tho Commune,
or the Internationale, we may be sure these
social questions will not ho solved in any
such way as to put a premium ou either ig
norance, or indolence, or lack of skill. The
divine ordering of things finds a justification
of itself in the fact that the indolent, tho
ignorant, the unskilful wa*/ suffer under
disadvantages. This fact puts a much needed
spur to tho side of unused ability.
It is a particularly hopeful fact that some
of tho ablest men of our times are devoting
so much earnest thought to this matter, and
that, in many instances, it is tho largo capi
talist himself who is using his cultured
brain, skilled in affairs, in bringing to light
tho best things in tho interest of the laborer.
A man needs a house. A laborer is a better
man for owning his own house. Itcuts are
tho tyrants of the poor. Cheap homes for
workingmen is a subject of primary impor
tance. Tho wealthy landlord can erect huge
blocks or build miles of houses, and each
year get a fortune from his incomes. Why?
Because he is in a position every time, to take
advantage of the market, in respect to mater
ials and labor, as well as in facilities for get
ting the necessary credit. Why cannot asso
ciations, choosing some wiser head and put
ting their own hands together, secure like ad
vantages. Hon. Josiah Quiuc3% of Massachu
setts, in a recent address before
tuo Quincy Homestead Association, of
which he is' the manager, stated some
facts. bearing on one aspect of
this subject, that are of much interest. He
show's how this can he done.
The association with which ho is connect
ed is expected to have about one hundred
members. Kone are to be admitted
without some precautions as to character.
Aportion of land is to be selected at a con
venient distance from the city,, whore ar
rangements can be made with some railroad
.'which will secure special favors as to ticket
fares. Such conditions are to be fixed as will
guarantee that the community shall never
be plagued with the nuisance of a grog shop.
It proposes to build fifty houses of a better
class, which, if erected singly, would coat
§2,000 each, or SIOO,OOO, but which, being con
tracted for together, could bo built for
$75,000, and tho several payments so arranged
that the amount which a man would natur
ally pay for the rent of a similar house,
would, in about six years, make him the own
er of his house. Savings hanks, it is ex
pected, will readily advance money, each
member receiving a deed, and giving a mort
gage as security, tho association also
becoming responsible for the punctual pay
ment of debt and interest in the shape of
rent as each note becomes due. In case of
uegloct of any individual, tho hank, at tho
request of the officers of the association, to
sell nndertho mortgage. Mr. Qnincy says:
A friend of mine, who has studied what is called
the labor question with some attention, comes to
the conclusion that one of tho most practicable
ways of protecting a man’s rights as a laborer
is to protect his rights as a capitalist. The
workingman who denies himself, and lays by
part of his wages, should command the best
business Intelligence to secure him a productive
investment. While walking through the streets
of magnificent stores and luxurious dwellings,
we ask the-question, Who furnishes tho money
for this lavish expenditure A great part of it
is supplied by the savings bonks. And these
hanks represent the surplus not only of tho
mechanic and artisan, hut also of tho
hod-carrier and the washer-woman. Now, it is
recognized by all other banks, that ho who keeps
a large deposit has a good claim to a discount.
Should his bank refuse a capitalist such an accom
modation. he would at once transfer his account
to another. The laboring classes in Massachu
setts Lave on deposit over one hundred millions of
dollars! There is a competition among savings
banks to attract depositors. It should bo deter
mined among their patrons to with drawl heir
deposits from such banks os refuse to lend to
•persons of moderate means upon good security,
and to place them in those that will offer the
workingman this important aid.
The homestead of the laborer is the best form
in which capital can bo invested. It pays a
large percentage, and is of the highest advantage
to the State and the Individual by elevating the
family relations, upon which the prosperity of
both must depend. I therefore maintain that the
workingman who lays by something every year
should be able to buy credit with Ills savings.
And lam confident that an association such as
Jou have formed—a company of workingmen of
onorable character and responsible for each
other—can offer tho amplest security.
Weonly add, now, tho suggestion tliatsome
association of this kind would bo practicable
in this city, and that tho present time would
be specially opportune for undertaking it.
Though tho first session of tho present
Congress lasted but a few weeks, no less
than 800 bills were introduced. Those who
remember tbe way in which bills wore intro
duced in the Illinois Legislature, before the
adoption of the new constitution, when
3,000 would be put through iu a session of
six weeks, will understand that when such a
body enters upon special legislation there is
no limit to which it may not bo carried.
Nine-tenths of tho bills pending before Con
gress are of this special character, fqr the
benefit or profit of some person or corpora
tion. OftheSOO bills now pending, over 250
are for claims which arc opposed to all ex
isting laws, and are excluded from the Court
of Claims. Perhaps 150, or more, are propo
sitions to grant money to railroads,
canals, and steamship companies.
Among those bills which have a professedly
public character there are many whoso only
puipose is to promote some personal interest.
Thus a bill was introduced some year or more
ago for reprinting tbe national currency. At
that time that kind of work was done in tho
Treasury, and the bill was defeated. The
Treasury printing office has now been dis
continued and tho work, if done at all, must
bo performed by some bank-note engraving
company, at a cost perhaps of one million of
dollars. Bills creating a large number of
Judicial Districts, iu order to makeplacesfor
ex-members of Congress, also arc ranked as
public measures. A Delegate from one of tho
Territories proposes that all tho Federal tax
es collected there shall bo paid over to the
Territory, to erect a Capitol building.
The bills for the relief of the shipbuilding
interest are numerous, and are remarkable
for tbe care with which they avoid tho only
legitimate mode of reviving shipbuilding.
The proposition substantially is to pay
bounties out of the Treasury equal t© the
tax on tbe articles used, this bounty to bo
paid just the same whether tho materials
used are of American or foreign production.
Others propose to establish a system of dif
ferential duties, by which imports in foreign
bottoms shall pay higher duties than those
in American. Then all tho railroad and sub
sidy bills have been revived. They make an
immense docket, formidable not only in their
number, but in the amount they propose to
transfer from the public Treasury audtho
public domain to private corporations.
The annual report of General Spinner, tho
Treasurer of the United States, for tho year
1871, is more than usually rambling and dis
cursive. Itseeius to have been written from
Dr. Samuel Johnson’s text:
Let observation, with extensive view,
Survey mankind from China to Peru.”
Since the publication of his last report.
General Spinner’s observation Las been very
extensive. He has visited several foreign
countries, and has inquired into many recon
dite affairs. He has leanfed, among other
things, .that our foreign Ambassadors are
poorly paid, and that some of our Consuls
are actually living in garrets. “I do not
not know how this strikes others,” ho says,
but I must confess that, as an American
citizen. I felt ashamed.”
He learned, also, how tho new French
loan was negotiated. Ho tells how ho failed
to negotiate tho 5 per cent loan, and lectures
Congress for not having made provision for
a commission of at least 2 per cent to ho paid
to bankers for their sendees,and ho congrat
ulates tho Secretary of the Treasury on his
success in disposing of the loan without auy
commission and realizing 100 cents on every
dollar of the newbonds. Ingenuous Spinner!
Several columns are given to a refutation
of slanders published in the New York World
and Now York Sim. An argument is made in
favor of tho establishment of a Bureau of
Insurance, and tho report closes with the
following statement, iu an appendix, which
is about tho only thing in tho report that
concerns tho office of Treasurorof the United
States:
Jtcce!pts ami SxpemJitures for the fiscal year cmUny
June 30,1371.
Cash. Dr.
Balance in Treasury from last year ft140.50i471.00
llcceivtHl.fornierly credited ns unavailable). 3,306.13
Becelvcd from loans $420,020,620.90
'2(X>!270.403.a-)
■Received from customs.
Rec’d fromiutemai revenue.. 143,093.15‘ua
Received from lauds..
Received Irom Avar.... 2i837.092.0l
Received from navy 3,203,043.42
Received from Interior 811,078 91
Received from miscellaneous. 32,705.220 30
Total receipts for the fiscal year.
Grand total §950,901,349,30
cagli.'CT.
raid on account of pnlilin debt...... $634,919,114.51
Paid on account of t be army. 53,037,033.86
paid on account of tin* navy 22.C9i.C75.63
Paul on account of interior. 42.935,571.23
Paid On account of treasury pr0per........ 24.250.851.93
Paid on nccounC customs 17,097,452.t0
Paid on account of treasury, interior 5,479,217.54
Paid on account of Internal revenue—... 9,123,164.23
Paid on account of diplomatic 1,00i,053.23
Paid on account of quarterly salaries 703,743.84
Paid on account of war (civil braucb) 921.33G.13
Paid on account of Judiciary 2,011,507.51
Total expenditures lor .fiafgl year—
Palanco In treasury at dost Uifllical year. 100,917,477.24
Gland total.
We published, yesterday; an excelldiil id
ler from Mr. IVm. B. Ogden, concerning tbe
policy of Chicago on several questions af
fecting the material interests of the commu
nity. That letter contained many profitable
suggestions which we are glad to be able, in
tbe main, to endorse. Wo cannot follow Mr.
Ogden, however, in bis advice against a fire
proof reform in building. Without doubt it
would be vastly convenient for many people
to build wooden houses for a few
years, until they have amassed fortunes,
with which to build marble fronts; but wo
do not believe it will bo best for the com
munity at large to -allow this to bo done.
The mins of twenty thousand buildings re
mind us that the good old fashion which Mr.
Ogden commends, though it may conduce to
more rapid accumulation of wealth in the
immediate present, is not the best policy in
the long run. The writer remarks that Chi
cago has never in her whole career
“made any capital or important mistake;”
whereas, it seems to us that the shod
dy style of buildings which she permitted,
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE
while at tho same time investing hundreds
of millions in an attempt to make herself
distinguished by a better kind of architec
ture, was just such a mistake. There were,
perhaps, others which, might be designated
as “important” mistakes, but this was cer
tainly a capital” mistake. We regret that
Mr. Ogdon, while picturing to us the general
prosperity and happiness which the wooden
house policy will insure to us in 1875, did not
go a step farther and guarantee that it shall
not bum us all up again in IS7G.
The Republic of Mexico is engaged in one
of those revolutionary struggles wbicb con
stitute its normal condition. Theimmediate
pretest fortbe present disturbance is that, at
tbo election in Juno last,President!Juaroz so
interfered with the election, and so falsified
tbe returns, that he defeatcd|the will of tbo
people and bad himself declared elected.
Juarez baa been President for several years.
He was President when the French invasion
took place, and nominally held tho office
during the reign 0i Maximilian. Following
tho execution of the Emperor, he was de
clared, or declared himself, President, and
has held the office ever since. Under his ad
ministration there has been comparative
peace, and, consequently, an increase of pro
duction. of commerce, and internal
improvement. But tho chronic sel
fishness of tho military demagogues
has at last broken through all restraint, and
tho several opponents of Juarez have united
their bands of mercenaries to make war on
him. War in Mexico is conducted at little
expense to those engaged in it. Tho fight
ing is never very severe, and the only wages
the troops on either side get is the plunder
they take from tho people of the towns or dis
tricts they occupy These armies are, there
fore, but little better than banditti, who, un
der the pretence of fighting in a political con
test, are merely robbing ‘the people. These
banditti, of course, hire out to tho chieftain
who oilers them tho largest field of opera
tions, and tho civil wars in Mexico are always
ended in favor of tho leader who can plun
der tho country so effectually that his oppo
nents can find nothing to live on.
As to tho merits of the controversy be
tween Juarez and bis rivals there is little
known; but tho merits have no particular
bearing on tbo case. Frauds in the election
are hut. a pretext for a civil war which
would have taken place anyway. There has
not been an election iji Mexico for many
years which has not been followed by an ap
peal to arms. Juarez did the same thing
himself, years ago, deposing his rival, and in
turn was deposed by some one else.
It will bo remembered that tho artists of
Now York, immediately after the great lire,
met together and resolved to contribute a
picture each for the relief of Chicago artists.
This generous action has resulted in securing
a fond of about $7,000. The members of tbo
Academy of Design have reorganized since
tho lire, and elected oflicers, and a new
conncil. Tho latter board has had a meet
ing in regard to tho Now York relief fund
and its disbursement, and, like many otber
associations, has already developed ring in
fluence. This ring, composed of men who
are not artists, wo understand, propose to
use half this fund and hold back tbo otber
half for a time, and to make tho application
of tho first half conditional: requiring the
artist who accepts his proportion to paint a
picture for tho academy.
Tho contribution from New York was made
to (be artists of Chicago, not to the Academy
of Design solely. It is an insult to
our own artists and to tho artists
of New York. There is probably not one of
our own artists who would not willingly
paint a picture on his own notion for the
academy, and, vke versa, there is not ono who
will willingly paint a picture and accept as
the price, half his proportion of the relief
fund, tho whole of which by right belongs
to him. The artists of this city naturally
feel aggrieved at quell actiou and question
the right of men who are ilOt* P.rtists thorn
selves to retain a portion of this fund and
make them labor for tho balance. If tho facts
are as we have stated—and our information
comes from very excellent authority—
they develop an amount of greed and imper
tinence which is truly astonishing.
The Xation remarks, on Minister Sehonck’s
connection with tho stock-jobbing business,
that tho offence Is aggravated by the fact
that the stock in the Emma mine is a purely
fancy affair, “in which no prudent man
would invest anything.” ft adds;
Supposing, too, as is not’i mpossiblo, tbo scheme
should prove, like hundreds of others of tho same
kind that have gone before it, one of those fail
ures closely bordering on a swindle, or prove
wholly a swindle, and tho strong arm of the
English law should lay thold of his brother Di
rectors, what a nice position tho American eagle
would be in flapping its wings over Mr. Schenck’a
head to save him from tho legal consequences of
conduct on tho morel guilt of which tho world
would be unanimous I
Tills is an allusion to the international
regulation which exempts Ministers of for
eign governments from tho jurisdiction of
local courts. Wo are sorry to add
that no word ,-has appeared from
the accused Minister relative to
this disagreeable ailair. notwithstanding
ample timp has elapsed for him to communi
cate, even by mail, with tho homo govern
ment and with tho American people, since
the scandalous prospectus was published*
That document has been some time in circu
lation in this country,—and still no word
from .Schcnfck. It has oven been announced
thas lien Wade is permanent law ofiicer of
Jaj* Cooke's railroad, so that Mr. Schenck
cannot ho expecting, os was surmised, to doiT
the regalia of his diplomatic oflico for tho
livery of tho Northern Pacific Railroad. All
these circumstances but servo to heighten
tho mystery and aggravate tho scandal.
A South Side View of the Lake Front
Question.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Slit: As a resident and proprietor in tho South
Division, I feel a deep interest in securing the
erection of a grand Union Depot on the lake
front. My fellow-citizens of tho South Division
should carefully consider tho matter to see if wo
can afford to allow a few proporty-o.wners on
Michigan avenue to control and thwart our com.
mon interest. If tho three railroad companies do
not succeed in obtaining tho grounds negotiated
for, I understand that two of them (the Michigan
Central and the Chicago, Burlington
Quincy) will yield to the strong inducements
made to them to locate a depot in tho West
Division. In all probability, the Baltimore
Ohio Railroad, now seeking an entrance into
the city, will follow their example. There is
really no necessity for these railroads to locate
their depots as before tbe lire. By going now to
tbe West Division they could secure more prompt
and more favorable connections with, western
and Northwestern railways. Such connections
would be of great advantage to them. To keep
these railroads in our division when their interest
will bo equally promoted elsewhere, we must
favor them, and offer them all inducements in
our power. There is some danger, also, as I have
heard, that tho Chicago Rock Island Railroad
will also go into the west Division, if the first
above-named roads make their depotthoro.
If, by any act of ours, or of a few among us,
these railroad companies should be repulsed
from the South Division, how shall wo standi
Would not a portion of our banka and hotels fol
low the business created by these three or four
great railroad corporationst If banks, hotels,
and railroads migrate, will not maqy of our large
mercantile Anns ml crate also XhO Sro has Ijad
the effect of driving many of our business men
leiiiporui’iiy (as wo hope) to the West Divis
ion. Men adapt themselves to circumstances
at first adverse until they become part of their
daily life. Ought wo not to ho careful how wo do
anything that may incline these men. temporar
ily absent, to stay away altogether 1 We all talk
bravely of rebuilding our beautiful South Division
os it was,—of preserving the old centres; but. If
we act so as to drive away nearly all of its rail
roads, part of its banka and hotels, and many* of
its merchants, I fear our South Division, when at
lastrebnilt, will be a poor reflection of its former
greatness.
There con be no doubt, as it seems to mo, of the
good effect of building a mammoth depot for four
groat railways, as is proposed. I fill to see tho
bad effect to any one. It Is almost self-evident
♦hat Michigan avenue, as fir south as Congress
V will never again be occupied by resi-
It was, before the tire, slowly, but euro
w character of a business street.
suddenly destroying tho
frlenoHf wllW
down,' and not a&p(Cd for mv. ioimnerehS
quichtirsd the step of inevitable
fate, the erection, as UoW,- of
along tho long the lake fro?* nvenutf
weight in determining the f«tiJ^#_SJfSSS U to
It may be looked upon as devoteu of
commerce. Such being tho case, the er S c -2»ii in
this depot is entirely appropriate, an ZlrAzi.
crease the value of every foot front down u
gress street. Even if some citizen down n *1
engross street should wish to light against t*.
stars in their courses,” and erect a dwell
ing there, what detriment could this depot
possibly inflict upon him, that tho increased rent
of his stores furtncrnorthwouldnot compensate
His view of tho lake would not be in the least
impeded, nor would his enjoyment of his resi
dence bo iu tho least impaired. Why, therefore,
should the incomprehensible objections of ono or
of a dozen individuals be allowed to affect the
prosperitj* of thousands i W. J. Babnev.
Chicago, Deo. 2.
2,383.010.03
831,393,431.52
.$980,901,349.30
—The claimant in the Tichborne case is suffer
ing from a severe attack of bronchitis. Ho is
in excellent medical hands, hut his friends are
not a little anxious as regards his present state
of health.
MONDAY* DECEMBER 4> 18TL v
sporting matters.
The Mace-Coburn. 1 Sparring
Match at Mew Orleans.
Xlie Affair as it Appeared to the
New York Reporters.
Extracts from a Prirate Letter from Cap
tain Jimmy Wood, of Troy.
Pugilism.
THE MACE-COBUEX MIL!..
.New yotfc World and
Special Despatches to^the.
Herald,
■With little or no delay the materials for the
ring -were produced, and Jim Coburn with an
able corps of assistants at once went to work to
?itch tho square circle.” The spot selected
was on some rising ground in pine woods, about’
fifty yards from tbe track* tbe crowd disposing
themselves to the best advantage, while those
possessing tickets for tho timer ring hunted
around for shingles and other trifles to sit on, as
a drizzling rain now began to fall. At 11 a. m.
both tho principals arrived from Bay St. Louis,
and appeared to be in excellent condition. Mace
Bending the scales down at 163 pounds* Coburn,
doing tho same at 164. At 11:30 a. m. Coburn
»hlea his hat into the ring, and followed imme
diately in person. He was received with en
thusiastic cheers. Mace, a second or two
later stepped into the ring and eyed his
opponent with mnoh interest. Tom Mc-
Alpinc, of St. Louis, and Larry Powers, of New
York, appeared as seconds for Coburn* while Jas.
Cusick, of New York, and Tom Allen, of Bt. Louis,
did the honors for Maco, with A 1 Smith acting as
umpire for him. and Jim Coburn for his brother
Joe. Colonel Rufus R. Hunt, the stakeholder, us
I suggested, was almost unanimously selected as
referee, and, on stepping into tho ring, was re
ceived with tremendous cheers. Ho addressed
the assembled crowd abont as follows: Gentle
men, these two men have come hero for a fair
fight, and I suppose you have come hero to see
tho same thing. Now, if you will remain quiet,
and let mo ana the umpires do all the talking, I
have no doubt but that there will be a good fight.”
On tossing for tho choice of corners. Mike won,
after which Coburn advanced and offered to bet
Mace SOOO even that ho licked him, which was
taken by Maco. All being in readiness, the fight
commenced.
THE FIGHT.
.Pound I. When tho principals and seconds bad
shaken hands Mace ami Cobnru retired to their cor
ners, and time was called at twelve minutes before 12
o’clock. Tho men moved up with alacrity to the
scratch, putting themselves in fighting attitude aa they
approached each other. It was hut a moment after
they met before Mace let fiy his left hand, which land
ed a plumper on Coburn’s right ribs, near tho front.
Coburn attempted to counter Maco, but fell short, tho
latter being away in advance of the blow. They thou
sparred with each other for an opening. Coburn re
treating as Maco advanced, until Coburn, finding him
self cornered, let tty his right band, which Landed on
Mace’s hip. This was a hard lilt, and Maco
said ho would not claim the foul, but cau
tioned Coburn not to “do tho like again.” Tho men
worked about for an opening, and it-was some minutes
before one seemed clear for Coburn, who launched out
witli his left at Mace’s body, but tho blow did not
reacli Its intended destination. Mace then tried to get
in close to Cobnru, bat tbe latter moved away ns head
vanced, and latter some minutes spent in dodging
abont. tbe men put down their bauds ami took a look
at each other. They pnt up their hands again, and
Mace moved in quietly, planting Uls left on Coburn’s
chest, for which fuvor ho received a right-liamler on
the shoulder- Then there was more sparring and
dodgiutr, Mace trying to find an opening, but Ids wily
opponent was always away as he advanced. Coburn,
however, slipped in Ids left on Mace’s nose and got a
counter hit on tho month in return; both light.
After more fencing Mace got in
one on Cobum's left cheek with Ids
left hand, Joe returning with a right-hander on the
gvpsy'sribft. Then they looked at each other and
feinted till Mace finally crept in with a left-hander on
Coburn’s right eve, again getting a spank in tho ribs
from Joe’s right. Sparring was resumed again, and
Maco, thrice making for Joe’s head, and each time
missing, finally put in a hard one on Joe’s forehead,
which was more damaging to his own handtliauto
his opponent's thick skull. Joo retreated and Mace
followed, when Joe suddenly put out his right and
caught Mace pretty nearly behind the oar. Maco
seemed nt lids oolut very anxious to get at Coburn,
but Joo wouldn't accommodate him. After dancing
around the ring for some time Maco again got In amt
planted a sounding blow on Joe’s stomach, getting in
return a sounding hit on the shoulder Joo danclngaway
lightly. Mace followed him, but missed, and missed
again with Ids left when Joe struck him a heavy right
hncdiTouthe ribs and another on tho hip, when Jem
asked him if ho was “not getting too low.” Every
dodceknowntnthoP.ll.waß exliausted before they
again got together. Jem, alter trying feints, coaxing
andall kinds of pretences to get Coburn to lead at Idm.
fairly stopped and scratched Yds head in ludicrous per
plexity. More cautious sparring and some chaff about
blood*on Macc’HHlioolder, which Jem said came from
a cnupleof pimples and which Coburn’s friends con
tended ought to be awarded ns “first blood," as he liad
knocked them off. At lust Mace rattled Coburn’s
teeth bv a left-bander on tbu cheek, and followed it up
witli h‘ls right, which landed on the back of
Jem’s invulnerable head. Now both put down their
hands ami rubbed themselves and seemed puzzled how
to got the better of each other’s science and adlity.
Then the rain, which had been threatening all tho
morning, began to pour down, and tho ground became
slippery, damp, amt cold. When they again got Into
action Mace planted on Joe’s foreboad, ho returning
on Joe’s nose, but not to hurt it, Joo putting in a right
on Mace’s left arm. near tho shoulder. Maco planted
his left on Joe’s bald pate, when they clinched, ami
Joe. giving Jem the back heel, throw him and fell on
ended the first round, lasting thirty-one
minutes.
Hound 2. When tbe tflen appeared at the scratch
there was no blood visible on either of them, although
the upper part of Joe’s head seemed a little lumpy.
They commenced by feinting and dodging. Maco
missing two hits, Joe being very wary, and it both
cred Mace, and while Jim was following his opponent
up and trying to find an opening tho science displayed
was really fine. Much arm folding and looking at
each other ensued. C’obnrn finally pave Mace another
terrible right-hander on the hip, which Jem regarded
as against the rule, and without claiming a foul, asked
to have It stopped. Coburn then tried a one, two witli
his left, but fell short, and before ho could get
away, ho received a rattler on tho mouth from
Mace’s left. Coburn then planted one on Mace s
breast, missed again, and stopped Mace's left very
cleverly. Afterward they got to close quarters Ogam
and seemed to mean fighting, when Mace let out ids
left band with all his power, striking Coburn a terri
ble blow on tbe foreboad, which seemed for a moment
to stagger tho Irishman but Mace paid dearly for tho
hit: Joe’s skull was too much for Jus llst.and the blow
which only startled Coburn, disabled Mace's useful
left, and lor the rest of tbo light be was partially ono
handed. Joo now dashed In recklessly, right and left
getting in two or three around Mace’s bend. They
clinched and Maco was thrown, Joo on top of him.
Thlsromid lasted ten minutes.
J!o\nui2— Coburn came up blowing, and seemed to
play away from Mace, and acted with great caution.
Mace could not get at him: ho essayed two or three
times, but found Joe’s agility too great. At last ho
got one or two very light taps on tho Irishman’s fact*,
and Joe. tiring to return tho compliment on Maco's
body, fell slioit, but found partial compensation la a
light blow on the gypsy’s nose. After a little more
sparring. Maccl got in a spanker on Coburn’s right
cheek with his loft, when Ceburn rushed at him, and
both fought wildly, missing several well-intended
blows. Mace, however, got In Ids right hand for the
first time on Joe’s nose, and Coburn returned n terrific
bit. which landed on the side of Maco's head. The
men clenched, and, after a short struggle, Maco threw
Coburn and fell on him. This round also lasted ten
minutes.
/.’omul 4— As the men enmoupto the scratch, not
withstanding nil tho fighting, thorn was no blood
visible on cither. The rain, which had temporarily
ceased, again began to pour. Mace opened with a
light one bn Cohum’s right eye, getting u return
on the breast; then there was feinting again, and
Mace crawling up got in one, two, on Counm’s right
evo light and on the nose. Cohum followed Jem up
to give him a smasher, In the ribs from tho right hand
and another on the head from the same hand, Mace’s
return being short. 1 here was great dodging again,
and seven minutes passing without an attempt to give
a Mow, the roferco told the men to get to fighting.
Jem replied that he was trying to do so," and proved
his words by planting his left twice on the mark of
Coburn’s stomach, and Cohum, In return,
S)t lightly on Mace’s breast. Jem
ten ttole In like a cat and planted
his left heavily on the comer of Coburn’s left eyebrow,
catting a deep hole, from which tho blood flowed free*
ly down Joe's breast. “First blood" claimed and
allowed for Mace. Jem forced the lighting, but Joe
made it a running tight. Jem now missed twice, hut
eventually got In a left-hander on tho damaged right
eye and another under it on tho cheek. It was now
supposed tliat Cohum’s eye would soon close. “A hun
dred to twonty-livo was offered on Maco, but mean
while Jem’s left hand began to show signs of tho in-
Jury It hod received, and soon swelled up like a boxing
glove. The r* maindcr of this round consisted of stop
ping and feinting, except tliat Jem again got in one
on Cohum’s right eye and set another stream
of blood' running, for which Joo re
torted with a right-hander for his opponent’s ribs and
another for his uoh. Tho roond closed by their mak
ing a dash at each other and fighting up to the referee,
when, after some short and wild bitting, Maco. who
was gettingtlio worst of It, dropped down rather sus
piciously in front of tho referee. The round lasted
fifty-seven minutes.
Mound s—Coburn’s face was bleeding both sides;
his nose was swollen and his face looked bad, and
Maco, with his damaged hand still managed to add
to its troubles by one on the right eye and another
ontno invulnerable nose, of the Irishman. Coburn’s
comer, where all tho sparring had been done hitherto,
was now* a perfect mud-hole, and the men had to
move away to tho left. They meant business.
Coburn collected his energies ana made a rush, and
there was somovery good fighting with intervals of
pausing, folding and rubbing their arms, tho round
ended bv Coburn following Jem up in his own comer
closing with him in arattlmg rough and tumble, and
both falling over tho ropes together on their heads.
Tho round lasted twenty minutes.-
Hound C—Ah the men came up to tho scratch, com
fdaiut was made that Coburn had something In his
lands, which a bystander had seen Ids second give
him. The referee at once Jumped into the ring and
told Joe to open his hands. Cobum did so, nod two
small pieces of tightly rolled oakum dropped out Tho
referee said that as it was nothing moro serious than
tills, ho would not stop tho fight for It. Very
little business was done in this roond further
than that Mace got in bis left on Coburn’s right
eye and Coburn his left on Haco’a right check, and
they had several half-armed hits, one of which turned
Jim, who fell Cobum walked to his comer.
llomul 7—Twenty minutes’ duration; this amounted
to nothing: two misses, a- clinch, a hack*hocl, and a
fall, Jem being under.
.Houndß—Hard hitting by both; forcing tho light,
they fvlltjWe by side.
Mound s—Both men appeared to ho weak. Mac© par.
ticularly, as his left liana was quite disabled, and ho
was shaking with cold and wet. Coburn resumed tho
defensive. Maco followed him several times round
the ring, but conld not find na opening. They clenched,
and Maco was thrown, with Coburn on tho top, ho evi
dently now being the stronger of the two.
Round 10 —Maco led off with his right on the leftside
of tho bead, and finally Maco rallied Coburn into his
corner, where Joe foil on his knees. Meanwhile a rug*
ular passenger train from the city had arrived, ami
pouted in some •’>oo extra spectators, most of them
noisy partizans of Coburn.
Round Jl—Cobum rapidly improving while Mace
was weakening- Coburn, however, seemed to liavo
so wholesome adroadof Jem’s right hand that he
would not venture in Mace’s comer, and Maco would
not stay out of it o longtime. There was very little
hitting, but at tho last there was a half-armed light,*
and Coburn threw Mace and foil on him.
R(ttnd hi—This, the lust round, lasted nearly an
hour; but not n blow w struck, four times the
referee ordered the men to the scratch, and four times
thev dodged bock into Mace's comer, where Cobum
declined to follow him, seeing ho did not want to,
smash his hand against a stake. At last tho referee,
seeing that no more lighting could be had out of tho
men, stepped into the ring and expressed his opinion
that ono was afraid and tho other wasafnmler, and
declared the fight a draw and all beta off. Mace at
.mm crossed to Coburn's corner ami shook hands, de
claring Joe the best man he had ever stepped Into a
"aSms ended tho fight, at fifty minutes, after 3 o’clock
n m. Laving lasted three hours and thirty-eight min
utet’ As an exhibition of scientific defence it was su
peril •as a fight, it was a disappointing failure. Maco
came out without a mark on hfs face, a broken hand,
ami bad bodv bruise. Coburn’s face was badly dam-
hut all Jemes’ effort* to close his eyes had faded.
Base Ball.
THE NEW HAYMAKER HIKE.
•ato letter from Jimmy Wood ooutaina
A pri\ ■••resting facts concerning base ball In
many mi. 'd the new Haymaker nine In par
general, an i will be tbc Captain and second
ticular. Woo. ion and Hodes tbe catoncrs, but
baseman; Allu nine at a time, the other being
one being in tbe and on the field to take the
always uniformed Zettlein pitcher, with
place in case of acclu 'right field; McAfee, first
Martin for change anu Ptnkham, third base;
base; Force, short stop be Steve King. Nelson,
and tor fielders there will ■'oso from, in ease a
Gedney, and Kcllan to chi. '>aae. there are Nel
chanso is required at third u Sack upon. Cap
son, Ecllan, and Hodcs to full
fain Wood regards this combination of fielders
and batsmen as one of the strongest Imaginable,
and predicts that, at tho close of the season of
1871, “We will have that whip checked for Troy.
Jimmy indignantly denies having in any maimer
broken his word or engagement with the
Cleveland management and wishes to be set
fight before the Chicago puhlic^npon^whose good
opinion ho eets a high value. He had previously
heen in consultation with tho Troy people, when
Mr. Doolittle, of Cleveland, offered him 52.200 to
go to Cleveland and captain that nine, stating, as
an extra inducement, that Force and Allison had
already signed contracts. Tho two latter haying
already promised Wood to play where he aid, he
was surprised at learning of this engagement at
Cleveland, and, knowing that they would greatly
strengthen that nine, he thought favorably of it,
but refused to sign until he had. made further in
quiries, although the offer was brought up to
42,500. Subsequently Wood ascertained from
Force and Allison that a Cleveland man had been
in Washington to engage them, telling them that
Wood had already signed. These developments
broke up Cleveland's littlegamc, the three play
ers concluding to sign in Troy. Lastly, Captain
Jimnjy states that, if enclosed grounds can be pro
cured, the White Stocking-Haymakers will come
to Chicago next season, and remain hero long
enough to have all tho professional clubs visit
them, thus practically answering all the purposes
of a professional nine of our own.
THE LAW COURTS.
Convicts Sentenced in the Criminal
Court on Saturday.
4 Grand Jury to Commence Us Sessions
To-day—Hew Sold.
Criminal Court.
SENTENCE DAY-.
Saturday being the last day of tho November
term, it was used in passing sentence upon tho
convicts of the month. There were thirty of
those, three of the number being females. There
were three colored men, and of tho whole num
ber, three of tho parties were guilty upon two
separate charges. Nineteen of the cases were
disposed of upon the plea of gnilty, and three
were under Penitentiary age. The offences re
presented by tho culprits were, charges of lar
ceny, 25; robbery, 2 assault and rape, 2 attempt
to steal, 1; confidence game, 1 illegal voting, 1;
malicious mischief, 1. Tbe action of the court re
sulted as follows:
PENITENTIARY.
Thomas Marshall, rape, 14years; William Cor
bett, confidence game, 10 years; Thomas Gaynor.
larceny of $148,7 years; Tobey Allen, larceny of
boots. syears; Patrick Riley, rape, 5 years; Wil
liam Caldwell, robbery, 4 years; Beniamin Gould,
horse-stealing, 3 years; Charles Held, horse-steal
ing, 3 years; Thomas Hayes, picking pocket, 3
years; John O’Hara, larceny, 3 years; James
Parsons, larceny, 3 years; George Adams, lar
ceny, 1 year; JonnMaroe, larceny, 1 year; Jerry
Berry, larceny, 1 year.
COUNTY JAIL.
Martin Walsh, juvenile thief, 1 year; John
Smith, larceny, 1 year; William Townsend, lar
ceny, C months; Julia Quinn, larceny, 3 months;
Lizzie Thompson, larceny, 3 months; Charles
McGinncs, larceny, 3 months; Kate McCarthy,
larceny, 2 months; Henry Harris, larceny, l
month; Fred. Thai, malicious mischief, 10 days.
GONE OVER-
Joseph Bush and Thomas Quirk, each indicted
upon two charges |of larceny, had pleaded guilty,
claiming to he under age. The mother of Quirk,
•while she stated her son to he over the age of
18, seemed to desire that ho should have a trial.
To this end they were both of them allowed to
withdraw their plea and stand over to bo tried
—D. Tierney, found guilty of larceny, and rec
ommended to be sent to the Penitentiary for ten
years, was allowed a new trial upon condition
that ho should plead guilty. He did this, and his
case was continued to Monday to show character.
—Felix OToole, convicted of robbery* and or
dered to be sent to the Penitentiary for three
years, was remanded, the Court holding back
consideration of a motion for new trial.
SUSPENDED.
James Muldoon, who pleaded guilty of voting
twice, had sentence suspended, ami was dis
charged. Alderman Carney, and a builder. Mr.
Grant,came forward and gave him an excellent
character.
NOTICE.
Judge Jameson, of the Superior Court, will hold
the court for tho December term. A grand jury
will come on Monday.
Superior Court.
TRESPASS.
Actions of trespass were commenced by the
Calumet and Chicago Canal and Dock Company
against Christopher Quinn, John Fogarty, Charles
Rees and Philip Carlin, in which the damages are
laid at $5.000: also, against Mathew Ledwick and
Christopher Quinn, with like damages, and against
James Tally, John Canda. Patsy Tally, Charles
Lynch, Thomas Doyle and Theodore Mabach, with
like damages.
JIBCHAKIC'S MEN.
Petition was filed hr George G. Newland i Co.
against the Chicago Waste Cleaning Company, to
declare and enforce a mechanic's lien on Lots 1 to
5, Waughop's Subdivision of Block 27, Canal Trus
tees’ Subdivision, in Section 7,39,14.
CASE,
An action on the case was commenced by Philip
11. Buck and others against George C. Stone ana
Josiah A. Brigham, in which it Is charged that
defendants niudo false representations to induce
a sole of ii.T&I.TI worth of dressed bogs. Toe
damages are laid at $2,500.
AS.SIT3ITSIT.
An action of assumpsit was commenced by Seth
M. Dunning and another against Jacob R. Ship
pard and Edward F. Nixon, by which demand is
made for SI,OOO. _
Circuit Court.
NOTICE.
Judge Williams will alt on* the chancery side ol
this court on each day at 10 a. m.
ASSOMI’SIT.
Actions of assumpsit were commenced as fol
lows:
—Hugh O’Donnell, use, etc., v. Phamix Insur
anco Company of Brooklyn. Demand, $2,500.
—William M. Hoyt et ols. v. John C. Eldridgo
and Mead. Demand, 92,000.
A Firc-Froof City.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: It seems to me mat the great lire has
made many good people go to extremes In their
plans of reconstruction on a fire-proof basis.
Thick walls alone do not necessarily protect the
building and its contents. In most fires, the dan
ger comes from front and rear, where are open
ings for doors and windows. In our fire, it came
chiefly from therroofs.
From my observation during the fire, T am
convinced that its rapid spread was occasioned;
chiefly, by the retention of sparks and fire-brands
by the roofs and cornices on which they fell,
when at long distances from the fire, and which
at once started new fires; also, by the reflection
of the heat from burning buildings across the
street, acting upon the wooden cornices and
glass windows.
I saw fine high buildings, half a block southeast
of the fire, kindle by the heat on the wooden cor
nice, and bum down. In others, the heat would
snap and break the glass windows, bum the
goods and wood-work inside, and consume the
block. Tbe walls, in nearly all cases, without
regard to thickness or construction, resisted the
fire, and stood firm, until tho interior was one
mass of flame from bottom to top, and the joists
were burned off and burned up. There hasn’t
been a wagon load of charred wood found in tho
debris.
lam of tho opinion that, in making a fire-proof
city, we most not depend solely upon thick
walls. Parti-walls should ho thick ana high. It
is of more'consequenco to have fire-proof roofs,
made of tin, galvanized iron, tile, or slate. They
should not bo fiat, {unless made so thick that a
fire built thereon could not bum the wood be
neath in two or three hours, but should bo made
steep, to shed tho falling sparks and brands like
hailstones, with no gutters for them to lodge in.
Prohibiting comlges, Mansard roofs, ana cupo
las made of wood, os admitting of no question,
the next important requirement, which no one
has given tho prominence it deserves, Is that of
providing windows and doors with iron shutters,
made double, with hollow space, to admit air
and prevent warping, or any other kind of shut
ter that will shield tho glass and keep the heat
from sotting fire to the goods or interior. I be
lieve that, with steep tin roofs and suitable shut
ters, tho lire would never have crossed tho river.
A fire ordinance for tho future, so rigid and ex
tensive as The Tribune has advocated, is not
advisable at present, except in the centre of the
oity, and would seriously cripple thousands.
The change is too great, too sudden, too aweeo
log, and too soon after so many have been
made homeless. Tho difference in cost be
tween wood and brick is much greater
than I have yet seen stated, except In thehest
finished class of buildings, where the differ
ence may not exceed 10 per cent. But in the class
cf houses which largenumbers must build, or pay
rent, or loso their lots, tho difference in cost is a
serious matter. Giving to ail who have built
houses in Chicago credit for having
investigated tho question, it was long
ago decided in favor of wood as by
far the cheapest material for houses: and
the fact that lumber was so cheap, has added to
the growth of our city and Its prosperity to a
large extent. Any system that increases ma
terially the cost of buildings will retard its
growth, especially so if introduced at a period
when many can hardly recover from thoir great
losses under the most favorable circumstances.
The ordinance which, I think, will satisfy the
opponents of the rigid plan, and not bo in dan
ger of being repealed or changed every year. Is
as follows;
First— Make tho space bounded bytlie lake,
Chicago avenue, Halstcd street, and Twenty
second street absolutely fire proof, no matter how
rigid. Permit no wooden buildings, shells,
fences, or sidewalks there. Require those that
are now in that space to be incased by a four
inch brick wall, with steep tin roof andiron
shutters, by tho let of January, 1874.
Second —ln the space outside of the former one,
for one mile in each direction, —say, North avenue,
Reuben and Thirty-first streets,—allow any ma
terial to bo used, but require alt wood buildings
now there, or to bo built there, to be incased aud
roofed as above mentioned, by the Ist of January,
T/irnf—ln the district bounded by Fullerton,
Western and Egan avenues, make the same reg
ulation as tbo previous one, but not to apply to
bouses of one story only.
Fourth—Outside of Western avenue, let tho
owners build os they prefer.
Such an ordinance will cause no hardship; will
not drive the poor out of tho city; allows suffi
cient freedom; will not depress the values of any
real estate; will make a steady and uniform de
mand for brick; will guard good buildings
against the “tinder-boxes” now In. existence;
will be as rapid a transformation as our people
can possibly stand; and will gradually, but sure
ly, make our city fire-proof. Respectfully.
Chicago, Nov. 30. George H. Hess,
—A despatch has been received from Lucerne,
Switzerland, announcing that Count Girgonti
had committed suicide in that city. Prince
Gaetam Jlaric-Frederic, Count Girgenti, was the
filth son of Ferdinand 11., King of Naples, and
Marie, Arch-Duchess of Austria. He was born
January 12, IB4G, and was married at Madrid,
May 14,18C8i to the Princess Mario, oldest daugh
ter of ex-Queen Isabella of Spain. He held the
honorary rank of Major in tho Sixth Regiment of
Austrian Lancers, and was a Knight of the
Spanish Order of tho Golden Fleece. He took no
I art in Spanish politics, and was sharing the
exile of Isabella 11. at Lucerne.
CHURCHES DEDICATED.
Grace Methodist, the First House of
Worship in the “Burnt District.”
Dedication of (be lew tailed Presbyterian
Memorial Church.
CHACE METHODIST CHUnCO-
There was a general Idea that the churches
would be among the last victims of the conflagra
tion to rise again; and that tho requirements of
business would bo deemed far more urgent than
tho spiritual needs by a church build
ing. But, simultaneously with the temporary
residences and temporary business places, at
least ono temporary church edifice has gone up,
as suitable a place of worship as many of tho
offices and stores for their especial objects,
Grace Methodist Church, situated on tho corner
of La Salle street and Chicago avenue, destroyed
on the night of the Are, was again
occupied by a fervent congregation yes
terday morning. To say that the
building was either Imposing or elaborate would
be a shocking perversion. On tho contrary, it is
as plain, unaspiring, and almost rude, as it could
well bo, consistent with comfort and capacity. It
is, however, capable of seating 300 persons, is
thoroughly warm and comfortable; is 60x10 feet,
and 25 feet in height; built of wood against the
north wall of the destroyed building formerly
bearing its name. The walls inside* are covered
with building-paper in place of lath and plaster,
which effectually keeps oat cold and damp. There
is a huge stovo at tho south end of tho room,
which supplies all the warmth ono could desire.
Tho floor has no carper to muffle the sound of shuf
fling feet, but, as that is a strong argument to
the congregation to be on hand before tho exor
cises begin, it may do looked upon as a great ad
vantage. The platform is of plain pine, at tho
west end of the church. Altogether tho rough,
unpretending structure has a very pleasing ap
pearance, indicating, as it docs, tne earnestness
of the congregation and their Indomitable energv.
But a lew weeks ago they possessed ono of the
finest churches in 'the city; now they have the
honorable distinction of having possibly the
plainest, and certainly tho first in the burnt dis
trict.
The chapel on the same alto, whore the Grace
Church of to-daj* is standing, was built In 1834.
It was 1c0x44 feet, and was of brick and stone. It
was built in Gothic style, and cost a trifle less
than S3D,CO0 —a largo sum in Chiccgo in those days.
Mr. Burling was the architect. It was dedicated
on the first Sunday in July, 1854, tho Rev. J. C.
Stoughton being tho pastor. The Rev. Mr. Tif
fany succeeded him, and remained in charge for
Three years. It was during his last year that tho
Grace Clnrch, now in ruins, was built. This edi
fice was Gox9o feet, of stone, and capable of seat
ing, with galleries, upward of a thousand per
sons. It was finished and upholstered throughout
in tho richest stylo, and, togetherwith a Hook or
gan of the best make, cost 6101,000. The Rev. Mr.
Parkhurat, tho present incumbent, came to Chica
go exactly one year ago, and baa made his influ
ence felt upon the congregation, which numbered
immediately before the lire 250 families. The
Sunday School attendance was always above 800,
and was under the superintendence of Mr.- Hor
ton. As tho members of tho church were, with
out exceptions, residents on the North Side, and
in many cases did business there also, they were
all victims of the fire, and, havlngbecn burnt out.
were all scattered to various parts of the city and
the suburbs. Many are now living on tho West
Side, west of Union Park; many are on
the beautiful avenues as far south us Thirty-first
street, while not a few have taken up their resi
dences In Lake View, and-even in Evanston.
From this it maybe inferred that the meeting yes
terday morning in tho new church was one of a
most uncommon character, not unlike tho rally
ing of an army alter a rout. In very many coses
the members hadnotmetbefore since the tire,and
an immediate interchange of experiences and
sympathies was necessary, and fortunate were
they who came in early and were
able to secure the few minutes before
the opening exercises wherein to whisper a few
hurried words of welcome. It was not unnatural
that, living at such a distance from the church,
ladies and gentlemen continued to drop in for
more than half an. hour after the services com
menced, exemplifying by the unavoidable noise
they made od the bare boards tho necessity of
starting earlier.
There were, perhaps, two hundred persons
present, gathered, as it were, from alt quarters of
tho city. On the platform were the Rev. Mr.
Parkhorst, the pastor. Rev. Mr. Daniels, of tha
First Church, and the Rev. Dr. Reid, editor of
the Xorlfi ire.stcni Advocate.
Appropriate passages from Scripture were
read, after which the hymn Coronation was
sung, and the pastor offered prayer.
He then addressed tho congregation briefly,
taking his text from Deuteronomy xxxil. 11.
He compared his olmroh to the cade’s nest, and
pointed out how necessary it was for the young
birds that their habitation should bo destroyed,
in order that they; should learn to shift for them
selves. From this he drew a moral adapted to
the occasion. Ho was listened to with marked
attention throughout the address. Another hymn
was sung, and the benediction pronounced.
It is the intention of the society to set to work
next spring to rebuild their handsome stone
church. They arc looking out for a suitable site
further north on LaSalle street, in the neighbor
hood of Oak. When this has been procured they
will set to work. The present temporary building
will be used as a Sunday School room also.
UNITED I’RESBYTEEIAN CUURCH.
One of the neatest and prettiest church edifices
left untouched by the great lire is the now United
Presbyterian Memorial Church, on the southwest
Corner of Paulina and Monroe. The exterior is
of red n rcsscd brick, With stouo trimmings, with
little or no attempt expensive ornamentation
in tho way of towers ana plnndciea, so that the
effect is attractive while the architecture is un
pretending. Tho Interior Is especially bright,
cheerful, and tasty in appearance, and the con
gregation have reason to feel a pride in their
cosy and comfortable structure. The dedicatory
services were solemnized on yesterday forenoon,
in the presence of a largo congregation.
The exercises wore opened with prayer by tho
Rev. Joseph E. Carr, D. D„ of Pittsburgh, and,
after the singing of a psalm, tho Rev. A. G. Wal
lace, of Alleghany, read a selection of Scripture,
and was followed with prayer by the Rev. Dr
Wallace, President of Monmouth College.
The dedicatory sermon was preached by Ror.
Dr. Carr, who chose for his text tho adverse of
the 87th Psalm Glorious things are spoken of
thee, O City of God.” It was evident, lie said,
that thepsalmist spoke of the Church as a visible
organization divinely appointed and made ef
fectual by divine power, every change of worship,
being but a new dispensation of the first covenant.
Tho speaker confined his attention to some of the
more general views in which the glory of the
Church appeared, among which ho referred to
her distinction in haring a divine origin, being
the only institution on earth of which it could be
said that it existed by direct interposition of tho
power and authority of God. Tho Church was
not only an instrumentality in saving
man from the pollution of sin ana
its terrible evils, but of bringing
him to an enjoyment of God above and beyond
all the pleasures of tho earth, and of elevating
his mind and character. Ho referred to tho glo
rious history of the Church, reaching back to the
time when man lingered In tho Garden of Eden.
Mighty kingdoms, all, in their time, dominant
powers of the earth, had passed away, hut the
Church had survived them all, her enemies per
ishing on every side, while she was preserved
□ndled on toward tho accomplishment of her
glorious mission. The Church had made man its
debtor, not only for his hopes of heaven, hut for
oil the purer and nobler enjoyments of life.
While congratulating the congregation on what
they had accomplished in building tho beautiful
structure, he exhorted them to give their hearts
afresh to God, and to lot this day mark a now era
in their lives.
Then followed the singing of tho 67th Psalm,
after which Rev. A. G. Wallace, Secretary of the
Board of Church Extension, congratulated the
congregation upon entering into this new
and beautiful bouse. Ito then made
a brief statement of the financial
affairs of tho church, frem which it appeared
that the lot cost 85.G25, and the building about
$24,000, making a total, in round numbers, of
sSO,coo. Of tiiin $37,889 had been paid, leaving an
nuprovided-for debt of $3411. There was a mort
gageof SC,OCOon thoproperty, extending flveycars,
and drawing interest at 10 per cent, and a mort
gage of sl,ooo, running five years* without interest.
This funded debt, amounting to SO,OOO. would be
assumed by the Board of Chorea Extension, but
for the extinguishment of the floating debt of
$2,000 ho made a special appeal to the congrega
tion and their friends and neighbors. A collec
tion was then taken np.
The church was then formally dedicated by the
reading of the Scriptures by Rev. A. G. Wallace,
after which the pastor. Rev. J. M. Baugh, led la
praj'er, a psalm was sung, the benediction pro
nounced, and tho services were at an end.
PERSONAL.
A prolific Western parent liaa named four
May.Junla, July a, and Augusta.
—Bobert E. Lee,youngest son of the late Gener
al B. E. Lee, “was married at “Rocklands,”
Orange County, Virginia, November 16, to Jliss
Charlotte Haxall, daughter of Sir. R. Barton
Haxall.
—George Bancroft has drawn down upon his
devoted head the literary wratb of Victor Hugo,
first poem in “L’Anneo Terrible” is entitled
The Fallen Minister,” and deals in much melo
dramatic censure of Mr. Bancroft for his treason
to the cause of liberty in congratulating Kaiser
William of Germany over the conquest of France.
—The Hon. Stephen Salisbury, of Worcester,
Mass., has given slo,ooo£o the Free Institute of
that city, to establish a graduates* aid fund to en
able students to complete the full course of in*
s traction.
—Ferdinand Freiligrath. the German poet, de
nounces, in a card which has createdja profound
sensation in Germany, tho International Associa
tion, of which ho was formerly a member.
—Two skeletons were recently discovered at
Hampton Court Palace, near London, and there
is a controversy in tho newspapers as to whether
they aro or are not those of Lord Francis Villiers
and Bichard Grenville, shot by Cromwell’s ordor
at. Hampton Court tbe day before“ Charles tho
First’s execution. _
—Special premiums were awarded as follows at
tbe Selma Fair: To tbe prettiest young lady on
the grounds. Miss Maggie Goldsby, of Marion, a
handsome set of furs. To tho ugliest man. Cap
tain. B. F. Ellis, of Selma, a suit of clothes. To
the prettiest man, Andrew Gardner, of Selma, a
set of shirts.
—The Czar of all tho Busslas, in tho extensive
system of railways ho is now building, uses a
gauge different from that of any adjoining coun
try. He doesn’t mean to bare Prussia running
up to the walls of St.Petersbargh on her own loco
motives, as she did to those of Faria.
—The murderer of the late Justico Norman was
executed in Calcutta In a peculiar manner. Ho
was hanged and his body was then burned by
low-caste men. the object of this latter operation
being so to scatter his ashes that when Azrael,
the Angel of Death, comes to summon sinners to
iudement, he cannot find him.
—General Trochu. in thanking the electors of
the Council-General of Morbihan. Franco, an
nounces bU intention shortly to retire from pub-
lie life, stating that tho Presidency of the Cotta*
cil vos tho last-honor ho would accept.
—Herr Heinrich Ern«t Jacob Voa Puttkataer,
of Viarthem, the father-ln-lavr of Prince Bismatk
died recently at Pomerania. Ho belonged to tho
aaciont family of lords of the manor—Voa
Sehlawe, Von Rngenwalde, and Counts of New
enhurgandTauohe], who have ranked since the
fourteenth century among the most powerful ot
tho Pomeranian nohtes,. The present family
flame. Puttkaraer, U a corruption of tho official
Polish title, that of Podkomorzy, or Under Cham
berlain. Prince Bismark, at the time unknown'
to fame, except as a wild and eccentric youth,
married Herr Von Puttkamer'a daughter, Johan
na, on July 2S, 1347, after encountering tho stem
opposition of her parents, who were fearful of en
trusting the happiness of their daughter in tha
hands of “Mad Bismark,” as ho was then called
in Pomerania.
—The celebrated lady doctor. Miss Fowler, iu
practice at Orange, N. J., was recently married,
and is now Mrs. Onusby. She is a sister of Fow
1© r, the phrenologist, and has met with extraor
dinary success as a medical practitioner of tho
homoeopathic school.fcHer income from her prac
tice has, for years past, been from $13,000 to
520,0C0 per year. She treats patients-of both
sexes, has the names of over six hundred fami
lies on her practice-books, and has more business
than all tho half dozen male doctors of thopluoo
put together. In carrying on her profession sho
drives between forty and fifty miles every day.
She is remarkably successful as a doctor. She is
a handsome woman of 40, clear-headed, stout
hearted, strong-willed,' vivacious, and intel
lectual. Her husband is a New York merchant.
—Tho following advertisement is from the Port
Jervis (N. Y.) Gazette John Strader wants
four shirts made. Is willing to pay a reasonable
price. Mrs. Strader lias two in. family besides
herself, and says she has got no time to make
them. Address John Strader, Port Jervis,
November 21,1871.”
—Captain R. D. Minor died suddenly in Rich
mond, Va., November 24. Captain Minor -was
educated for tho United States Navy, in which
service he held tho commission of Lieutenant
Commander. Ho joined the Confederate Navy
of the South during tho war, and served with
very considerable eclat undcr.tho rebel flag. Tho
Captain held tho position of Chief Engineer of
the James River improvements at tho moment of
his decease.
—Miss Midy Morgan, of the New York Times,
has been chosen an honorary member of tho
American Jockey Club.
—Olive Logan, according to tbc New York
Gloic, will bo married on Christmas Da 3*.
—Mr. and Mrs. Enos Batchclder lately cele
brated tbeir golden wedding at Avon, New York.
A singular fact of tbc occasion was that Mr.
Batchclder was the bride’s third husband, sho
having Lad two others, with whom she lived sue
years apiece, and bj* whom sho had six children.
—General Read, American Consul General at
Paris, has come into possession of a breastpin
once worn by General Washington, given by him
to General Jackson, by General Jackson to King
Joseph Bonaparte, by Joseph Bonaparte to Comte
Stanislaus do Girardin, by the Count to his son,
who sent it to General Read asasoiire«»Vof tho
siege of Paris.
POLITICAL.
Since Congress adjourned last spring the Presi
dent has made 220 appointments, which will hav
to be acted on by the Senate when it reassem
bles.
-Ex-Governor Zelmlon Vance, of North Caro
lina, it is said. Trill not ‘press hia “claim" fora
seat in the United States Senate at the coming
session. It was stated before hia election, on his
authority, that, if elected and not promptly ad
mitted, he would resign and permit the election
of an eligible candidate. Ho was not admitted;
ho did not resign. The Democratic Legislature
has invited him to resign.
Speaking of the United States SenatorsUip
from California, the San Francisco Alla says:
Mr. Gorham is not a candidate, and, although
it has been asserted that he will DC when Casser
ly’s successor is to be chosen, tho present chan
ces for his success then, or at any other time, are
too Blight to deserve consideration now. Mr.
Sargent "has been named us a candidate, and will
go Into' r fctie^Joint Convention with much
strength.”
—P.T.BarnnmJong a temperance worker.wri tea
to the Bridgeport Standard discountenancing tho
movement of temperance men for a separate po
litical party, considering it inexpedient and im
politic. He regards it as a movement very likely
to result in “setting hack tho temperance reform
ten years at the very least.” He further says to
his co-workers in tho cause: Let us continue
most faithfully to enlighten public opinion in re
gard to this giant curse of our country; but do
not let us cut our throats by attempting a side is
sue this time.”
—An Eastern paper says: Mr. Bumner’s win*
tor’s work will be in behalf of a speedy re turn to
specie payments. In order in a measure to test
the popular feeling on this question, ho has had
several conferences of late at his rooms in the
Coolldge House, in Boston, with some of the most
prominent financial men in tfew finguitid# and on
last Saturday# at a private dinner of the Corner*
cial Club, a powerful organization, semi-social
and semi-commercial, of about sixty of tho load
ing merchants of that city, in which all interests
and all shades of politics are represented, he dc
vcloped his views concerning specie payments.”
—The Hon. Alex. H. 11, Stuart has published an
article in a Virginia paper, giving his views of
the approaching Presidential struggle. He says
tho recent elections have shown thaf, if tho
Southerners go into the contest under tho
present Democratic party organization, they ara
doomed to inevitable defeat; and he
meeting of “the wisest and best men of every
section” in Washington, in January, to take
counsel with each other, and with Senators and
Representatives in regard to the wisest course to
he adopted in the great crisis whieh is so near at
hand. He thinks they ought to seek the co-ope
ration of men like Schurz, Trumbull, Cox. Brown,
and Evans, and he advises the union of all op
ponents of President Grant's administration un'
der the name of Constitutional party.
—Tlie Boston Qommomccnlth tells as' follows
why J. Q. Adams Wasn't re-elected to the Legis
lature from Quincy; Being in the apothecary
store of a faithful adherent, just before election*
the latter* in the freedom of political friendship*
suggested that some of the townsmen objected to
the free ways of their candidate in gunning*
fishing, yachting, Ac,, on Sunday; Perhaps
.you share the objection. Doctor f* bluntly asked
tho young statesman, who had counted the im
pronability of ever dccnpjing any considerablo
public office/ as his letter to Mrs. Btoue indicated.
Why, yes, I think I do, somewhat,’ said the de
liberate dispenser cf pills and potions. Then
they can go to (a place hla friends all their
lives hard been trying to avoid), and you with
them, for ali i caret’ answered the scion of a great
house. The invitation was heralded abroad, but
his fellow-Democrats went to the Town Hall in
stead; and gallant Jock Adams wasn’t Repre
sentative any more.”
SATLBOADS.
Stillwater, Minn., celebrated tbo opening of the
Minneapolis St. Louis Railroad, from Stillwater
to Carver, on the 30th uit.
—The contractors are taeommcnco work imme
diately on the Grand Rapids <Ss Bay City Rail
road.
—lron 1s being laid on the Northern Central
Michigan Road, from Janesville to Albion.
—The suit of Emily Bell against the Jefferson
ville, Madison Indianapolis Railroad Company*
was commenced at Indianapolis on the 30th ult.
The suit Is for SI,OOO damages for the expulsion
of Mrs. Bell from a ladies” car la February last.
She paid for a first-class passage, and was com
pelled to ride in the smoking car.
—The West Wisconsin: Boilroadis completed at
last, to Hndson. Minn., opening the Valley of the
St, Croix to the railroad system of the country.
The report of the Hon. R. D, Harrison, Com
missioner of Railroads and Telegraphs in Ohio,
shows tho following results for the year:
Earnings and transportation- of passea-
cers.-V. 116433418^2
From freight 39,2D6,5i7.ii
From mall, express, «fec 9421,562.83
Total earn lues .....859451^13^2
Proportion for Ohio
Total deratin'; expenses— 4P^5,897^a
Proportion for Ohio
Total not earnings
Proportion for 0hi0..... 9.608,a>.t0
Interest paid on bonds-...- 7^£to,-KEL3I
Paid for construction of new work (re
ported) 4JE8.003.10
State taxes paid in 0hi0... aso.STL-t*
National taxes paid..— *30.35!-«
animals killed in Ohlft-.- i 3»
AmoanUhmiages paid therefor #u»,t9O.CJ
DnSCKLIiANEQtrS.
Tit London* six conductors of horse-CJrs were
lately fined for overcrowding the cars.
—Lipthcria prevails to an alarming extent in
Vermont.
—T. DoWitt Talma ge, in his last Ikbcrnaclo
sermon, said: “At the ratio of whioherime and
sin have increased in Now York in tie last tea
years, in one hundred years there wil not be a
church left, and the city will be one great Black
well’s Island.”
—The Napa (Cab) Jteyister finds it accessary to
eay: ”If people will get drunk a/ali,-a decent
respect for tho feelings of a beriaved family
ought to restrain them from mating beasts of
themselves at funerals.” I
—Vineland, N. J., started out o j strictly tem
perance principles, and is follow!?? up the move
ment by rigid measures, having provided that in
future itsballbotho duty of cveiy Deputy Sheriff,
Constable, or police officer to arrest every Intoxi
cated person, and bold him until he will testify
from whom the liquor was received.
—lt is stated in tbe Jowwiljtfc I'Edaimje Gnz
of Paris, that petroleum can to converted into .a
permanent solid, which will Juru without liquify
ing, and may bo preserved ii a firm mass for any
period of time. Tho givon 4 ani\it
is said to be secret.
2.31$
525.190.C3