THE LAKE MXCHXGAK CABLE
8
v~
4.r. 'XOOlwttikM EnttrjHriw..
.'TTom V“<lillvnHHreo etntlnel, Not. 17.
It is qtißo. videntthat therois no. disposi
tion on business men Of this city
to let the project o£ an across-lake cable sleep.
The cozmtQttee the Chamber of Com
called together at the Secretary's
yesterdayratterneon. 'There were
ptesctot* alio,:by invitation, Mr. WelieivteleJ
CTfcS&fezcanffcer here, and: Mr. E. D. Reade.
Hrrßeadb bresedtod sketches of'the At
lantic ehble of ISOS, and the hemp cable re
ferred to by him n few days since, showing,
also, the action of the waves upon both;
from deep water to the shore. The former
weighs two'thousuud pounds to the nautical
mile,'-whi!Mbc latter ■Weighs
Pounds. In the hempen cable there are four
No. 11 Birmingham copper wires, permitting
connection with fonrland'lincs at the same
time. Itmav bethought this
too light with the hemp coating; hut it wu
aink at the rate of two miles aulionr in fresh
water. The hemp is naturally of a preserva
tive nature, and in the water there forms on
the outside a slimy substance serving the
same office as cement and the hemp soon
becomes rerv hard and unstretchable. The
advantage of this kind of cable over the iron
iathiii: The substance which formspa the
latter eats the wire, ana the weightier the
cable is the more it wears away, and gener
ates electricity from the earth,so far interfere
ing with the legitimate currents. The bark
forming upon tuo hemp proves an insulator
and‘protects the wirciwm'outadainfluence.
His projected hempen cable, which is the
one accepted as the moat reliable, cheapest,
and easy of construction, will, no doubt,!
be laid across the* lake. .The outlay neces
sary forthe entire line will probably not ex
ceed tS&JXXCt Wo here .present some; figures
of the coat of material, weight, length etc.:
7 b*.
Weight of rope
Weight erf inre 92,332
J r 'Tcui weljfct......
Weight’per rnilc of cable (submerged).
''J Coat of rope (in coble)
9 CoatVT wire <m cable)...
1 ToUl coet ofcable .-...SSSjnLO6
f These estimates are based upon data of the
Bcost di thetnatcrial here, for a distance of 101
B miles, ilt is but fair to presume that the ac
-8 tnal cost at the manufactories would bo w
B pefoent less than the above amount, which
would be sufficient for the construction of
I the land wires necessary; giving us the line
I complete for about *85,000.
I The .figures thus shown surprised each and
every one present, for we believe that no one
anticipated a less cost than $150,000. Messrs.
i William Young, George I. Jones anil L. Eyer-
S Ingham, the members of the committee, im
mediately expressed their gratification at the
showing, ahtt declared that they would pros-,
*ocnte r 'the matter to the fullest
extent. During a general' conversation 1
*thßt--' ensued, Mr. Weller, the man
sagerof the Western Union office here, was I
masked what ho thought of the project, and I
a stated that with fin expense not greatly ex
acceding the sum stated, it was feasible, and
the company- he represents will do all
Lposailde and bear its proportion of the out
play. /The question of the proposition to_bc
•|?madii was not definitely settled, it having
rHo be left to the Chamber of Commerce.
SfThe recommcndatioaa of the committee will
f "be made to the meeting of the Chamber to*;
I day.
I« was thought that it would he necessary
I to make a survey of the lake between this
citv and Grand Haven, and. it.vyaa deter
mined to call upon Mrl Eugelmann and ascer
tain if a steamer bonld be procured for this
purpose at .small expense. The idea was to
obtain a profile of the bottom of the lake, and
all necessarv information in relation to the
approaches to the shores, that the cable might
-belaid in the safest position and deepest
water. After this was clone the only hxntmse
would l>e for paying out apparatus and the
services of thosq engaged in the work. The
amount for this was found to bo insignifi
cant.
Following our advice of yesterday, the
committee decided that prompt and expedi
tious work was what was needed, ami the
Chairman, was'instructed to interview Mr,
Tingclmann, which was done immediately
ifter the adjournment, of the committee.
Mei-'sra. Weller and Eeadc accompanied Mr,
Jones to the office of the company on vVest
Water street, where Mr. M. Eugelmann was
found. After a few preliminary remarks the
latter‘gentlifiu an said he was ready to do
anything needed. A complete survey was
unnecessary, he said, os ho was in possession
of-' charts £nznlsbedi by the government
engineers a short time since, which ho knew
tol>e perfect and complete. He is personally
acquainted with the nature of the bed of
5S lake, and there will be no obstruction to
thel cable. It should be laid on tUU side,
Just above the lighthouse on North Point,
whore there is no danger of vessels anchor
ing endangering the line.. On the -cast
-aid© the prospect is good, there being deep
water for some distance along the shore,
guaranteeing safety.
>lr. Engelmann says all that is necessary
ip a survey of the shore approaches, jmd he
vill' furnish- a tug, small boats, oars, men,
etc t<i prosecute the work here, and see that
the"’sanio filing is dona pn the castSshoro
whenever ne.-'dfld. He says these things will
he provided right aiyay if wanted; pud when
the cable is ready to; he put down ho has a
steamer, at the service ot the Chamber of
Commerce to do the work free of charge.
WOMEN AS TELEOK A PTOSES.
»he Casper Schssl of Tclrgrßphf.
One of the most interesting and useful
amove the institutions for which the city of
New York is indebted to the intelligent and
tar-seeing beneficence of Peter Cooper, is the
free school for the instruction. of women in
telegraphy at the Cooper Institute. This
school is Mr. Cooper’s pet, because it
merely conveys useful technical knowledge,
but immediately places youug ladies in a po
sition where they can earn remunerative
wages at a light and pleasant occupation.
This school, since its foundation, has been
singularly successful, and has turned out
great numbers of first-class operator*. The
instruction is "pfirely gratuitous, not even the
smallest fee being taken from the scholars.
They must, however, have satisfactory ref
erence as to character, and are only receiv
ed between the ages of 16 and 24. Applica
tions for admission must be made m the
bandwriting of the applicants, stating their
names, ages, previous occupations, and also
•tho name of-the references. Nextthe young
ladies are subjected to a very rigid examina
tion in spelling, reading, ana writing, and if
this test is satisfactorily passed, thej* are ad
mitted as pupils. As a proof of the strictness
of the examination .out of one hundred appli
coats on the Ist of last October, only twenty
three were admitted. These examinations
take place on Fridays only, whenever there
are a sufficient number of vacancies to war
rant an examination. Only forty pupils can
.be received at a time, and of course prefer
ence is given to those who, by education and
physical ability, appear licet qualified for the
business.
After admission to the school the pupils are
conducted to a-larao room, where a number
>of-Horse telegraph instruments are constant
ly ticking, and they ore placed nndcr the
care of the intelligent manager. Miss Lizzie
H. Snow. They arc first taught the telo
graphic alphabet, and when they have fld
vanned so far as to ho able to read correctly
,by sound alone, they ore allowed to practice
.until theyfoel ready to stand the graduating
-•examination, after passing which they arc
provided with situations at last as vacuu
cies occur. Some girls graduate in two and
a half months, others not for seven, aecord
ingto their ability and application. In addl
turn to telegraphy, they are also instructed
_in bookkeeping,so as tobo able if coll on. to
-xiako sole charge of an office and keep all the
accounts. The term begins on the Ist of
October and ends on the Ist of June.
The school hours are from half-past 9 a. in.
until 2p. m., tad punctual and regular ot-
is strictly enforced* so much so 3
that, the pupils will not be admitted after 1
the opening hour, except in special coses by
permission of the manager, and, any pupil
who remains absent throe times without sat
isfactojy excuse, forfeits her position in the
school. Besides, an unexceptionable deport
ment is repaired, and pupils failing in dili
ymcft, or who are proved not to l>c suited to
toe business, are immediately dismirtapd. The
young ladies who arc at present under in
stxnction in the school arc remarkably intel
ligent and refined, and are much above the
•‘■standard of working girls.
fc- -Th® school ism a certain measure, affiliated
•with the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany, which supplies uU the Telegraph in
struments. and, lor the most port, the grad
uates arc drafted into the various offices of
■L'fhC company. Some, however, get employ-
in other telegraph companies, but they
not specially recommended from the
Cooper School of Telegraphy. At present
there Are forty young ladies, graduates of
this school, employed in the main office of
the Western Union Telegraph Company, and
rfire others in the branch office at the Cooper
'lnstitute, which, In addition to the school.
is under the direct supervision of Miss Show.
53ie average wages earned by female telo
graph operators range from S3O to S7O per
month.
The Baling Passion.
A remarkable instance of pride of -descent
is famished by Mr. Beriah Botficld, formerly
an English memberof Parliament. This gen
tleman inherited from his father an immense
fortune, and-dying a few yours ago, left his
wife thirty-five thousand dollars a year, to
be reduced to fifteen thousand dollars a year
she marry again. The lady has, meau
-fime, made a secret marriage. All his fof
vfun©, except that enjoyed by his wife, Mr.
t. ftctfield tefr to accumulate until the second
oon, then unborn, of the Marquis of Bath
'ahaii attain a given age, when fie should in
■luntit. The jointure of Mr. Botfield will
also, at her death, form part of the said resi
due.
cause of this bequest was that Mr.
SotUelo. claimed to be descended from the
sBS&e stock os the M&rquiß.
Tbyoue; las-family's
2J A n ancestor is
the sobriquet of “John
-fW lirorf; from living in one of the ancient
'inM ofthe court; and thuuco came the
name Thynne. Mr. ilutfield claimed to Ini
deaeended from a younger branch of the
fmily who retained the name of BotovillV
’-Now, Lord Bath happens to he notorious
among his.order-fortlic -aasnmption of
.npenonty. He considers that onlv
half a doretl families in tlie
country are good enough to mate with
himrrsnd he; ta 'eatd.to have said that it
sO9Ud take .generationto wipe out from his
.lewntebeon the stain of tho Baring (his
mother was: of (his same famous family)
hired- He, therefore, is reported to have
5.. i kt
vJL&v
VOLUME 25.
snnhbed” ilr. Botfield, and looked ml/iiv
anwst Cl^&&Me^ io ot^\ being ao
's* eWhS Uke
“David 1 f£nLS e V\°, r ab e J entertainment
with S P^rßel 1 and covered himself
Sth ?h^)fJ aVOrn n^ with nn intensive
dor.-.’, iT™ h would rather be knocked
nn'hv had blood than bepioked
boiU^Tllvn'l^ 0 Hf^ n f;, Taaag Lord Soine-
Succeed te his fiftieth
a yonc. will certainly have
?u lf a >tlal ro aonH rejoice in Mr. liot
tiaid’s love for blood.
PRINCE NAPOLEON.
PsWhkei a Jlaailbita .iiluarfar a
Pfcnllar Plea far Im-
perialism.
Parts (Nor. 2) CcrreEpODflecce of Ujb London Stand-
The Ordre, to-night, publishes a manifesto
front Prince Napoleon ui the shape of a letter
to the electors of Corsica. It is. a dreadfully
long-winded affair, occupying hot less than
four columns. He goes in. us a matter of
course, forapWrisdtam.which he describes
as the only way of putting an end to the pres
ent. crisis." He bitterly ’and pdwerfdllv
contrastswhafit Was the duty "bi the gov
ernment to do, and what it has left undone.
Tbc reorganization ot the army—Adlourned-
Tbe judgment of the guilty—Adjourned. Thirty
thousand prisoners languishing four months on
the pontoons, among whom many are absolutely
Innocent, showethc tardiness of justice. Fiuan
clal .reforms—Adjourned. Modifications of tree
ties of oommeroe—Adjourned. The Question of
the capital—Paris proclaimed suspect Ve
rsailles made the political capital—-as though the
transfer ot the capital in a country of traditions
Uke ours were possible, in spite of its drawbacks
--nay, its dangers—that question also adjourned.
Finally, the question which •Is paramount over
every other—that of the government—that, also.
Is adjourned. s
.tfZjOLtlO
39.95126
I Prince Napoleon then enters on a long and
1 elaborate plea in favor of plebiscite#, and
takes credit to bis party for advocating it,
showing their profound respect for the popu
larverdict/ Ho’winds up asfollows:
Under what circumstances are we prose
cuting this appeal to the people T. r Why, at
a time when all the administrative forces of
the country ore against us—at a time when
the whole of the huge machinery of govern
ment is in the hands of those who for a year
[past have been libelling, insulting, culumni-
I atiug the Napoleons— -at atime when we have
against us'the odious defections of those who
represent treason and disregard of their oath
as a civic virtue. The reason wliy we do so,
dear constituents, I will tell you candidly: it
is because wo are conscious of the popular
tibre which connects us with the very bowels
of the country it is because there exists
between the people and ourselves a kind of
current which we are conscious of, and which
may bo thug defined—confidence in France,
our beloved country. Therefore, let people
i cease to prate about ,tho pressure we could
I bring to bear upon universal sufirage. We
and our partisans, almost all of them poor,
persecuted, accused of having* deliberately
and maUcioualy compassed the min’of the
country—that is the only means
ofpressuro we possess (mi'c). But we remember
the various occasions on which the people
I were appealed to —in 1848 our position was
the same as it is now. In 1870 was there not
more liberty than at prescut f The state of
siege existed nowhere; there was not a sin
gle political exile, not a single political pris
oner, instead of several bundled condemne d,
and 30,000 untried prisoners :the press was
not only free but licentious. The clubs in the
large towns openly preached assassination
before an audience of fanatics! Now, to
start a newspaper in Paris you need an
•authorization; to travel ryou need ;v pass
port.
“Without examing, whether these measures
have become necessary through our misfor
tunes, I may surely ho permitted to point out
the differences! People talk of Bonapartist
intrigues and conspiracies. I feel the courage
ueedtul to approach all subjects, because 1
have nothing to couceal, and my frankness
is grounded ou honesty. There are sincere
patriots, men of deep convictions, who point
out to tptJir fellow-citizenswliatthey consid
er to be the means of saving tbc country:
who avail themselves in moderation I
of their rights as citizens, and refrain
from causing disturbance, not to aggravate
the country’s calamities. And. to tell the I
whole truth, dp you know who are the men
who have recruited many partisans for the
Napoleons? It is. first, the Honso of Bonr
bon, which virtually jptimatod- its abdica
tion by its formal adoption of tfie white tlug,
the symbol of the ancten nyimej next come
the extreme Radicals, who made an abuse of
liberty, gnd led through a hateful and impot
ent dictatorship to the horrors of the Com
mune. No doubt we dp Jione to open the peo
ple’s eyes, by making tfiom compare the
eighteen years of prosperity, quiet, and
glory, with our position since
the 4th of September—tiade languish
ing, manufactures paralysed, and the work
shops shut, A man a prey to wretpb.edncss
and disease cannot hut recall the timelwhen
bo was halo and hearty. When yre shall have
obtained the appeal to tlio people, the work
of reparation may commence. Without con
cealing ourmisfortunes and our defects, pro
ceeding to a self-examination, deriving this
power of correcting ourselves from, our ex
perience during later times, letus ground our
hopes lij f)ie vitality of the French people.
We must have economy, labor, honesty,
sacrifices, money forj|n£w taxes to pay
our debts. We must have, picu to
reorganize our army, and render it capable
iof renewing its traditions of glory. This
rccord*of pur present misery', tins hope in u
better future, are fjiov the outpourings of a
disappointed mind aiid n popfident delusion T
The future will decide.' To ‘respond tp your
votes I have thought it right to unburden
myself to you. Ve£, an appeal to the people
is neeessaiy. Availing itself of its impre
scriptible rights, the people must piimminee
on the following questions: A Republic—a
Bourbon Mouarcliy--a Napoleonic Empire.
You see thus that you can boldly reply to
those who charge us with Intriguing, that
,wg are pretenders, not to the empire, but
to the appeal to the people.
THE BEAUTIFUL RXeSGU® OIRL.
Xler?*rtMe> and niiforiHea-A Boh
slam Noblcyaan Offers Her HU Xlaud.
Faria Coireapondonc* of ffto JJew York Telegram.
Over 2,000,000 people arc acquainted with
3iflle. Pierinc, the kioaque girl in front of the
Grand Hotel, in Paris. No one discusses os
to her beauty—i t is conceded to be marvellous,
even of a noble type, and molded to slay even
the cold, cynical man of the world. Measured
by a lived standard she has played a grand
role—grander, I fear, that she will ever play
again; for Pans was wild over her. Several
duds wen l fought with her image blinding
each combatant’s reason; and hor kjosnue
for two years was the most fashionable
resort on the .boulevard. There were
frequently more than fifty gentlo
meu of rank and, wealth waiting to
catch a word of her bright, witty repartee
and. to pay a Napoleon for the luuerte or the
Solr was esteemed a privilege. Her picture
hung in almost every shoo window, and the
cirl was more of a Queen than the Empress.
But with the Empress she ceased to reign
also.. The first siego came on she remained
at her post, but her beauty baa dimmed, and
Frenchmen were wrapt up either in xheir
household goods or their pusillanimous fears.
The dwic-eyed beauty, therefore, snut up her 1
kiosque, and when the siege was over she
i went to Muntz, Tneu there is a blank iu her
history. Bho came back after the Commune,
and is now ouoo more at bor post.
1 met her the other day, and >ve had a lung
and interesting conversation. She told me
she was born in Spain of French mother and
German father, thus having three nationali
ties. Sli appears to have no other aim iu
keeping a paper ttaml beyond making ac
quaintances, and putting hor«4lf in the mar
ket for /marriage, for her virtuo is conceded.,
She is j)ow as she Ims been for two years,
studying music, ami. blje says, with fiho pro-'
grres. It is her ultimate infciutjontogomi
the stage, if marriage does not give her all
tho luxury oho /Jreams of. She Idhl me she I
had had many ofipfa for her hand, among
them a formal proposition from’ a Russian
nobleman (forth fpur millions pi francs.
Why didn’t yflupiaiTy hunf’
"Ho was too 01d,—65 years of ace. lam not
going bo lose myself op a billiard; want a
jeume not n/ne/’
i She is now aboqt 10 years of age. with
long, black, beautiful, lustrous hair, black.
almond eyes, pearl, dark complexion, tinged
with color, full eyebrows and eyelashes, and
a lovely figure, not large—not too full, but
nearer to t-uo sculptor’s ideal than one will
often «nd on the boulevard. She will yet
marry some qul man and make him misera
ble and herself tap, though, anything short
of such a denoatsuTif would not be dramatic
enough forth© gossips.
a Gsmcli«.'
From u»e New York «nn.
One of tho most affecting incidents in Vic
tor Hugo’s Miserable®,” is the death of Le
Petit Gavroche. This typical representative
of the gamin of Paris, follows to a barricade
a student, who, during an entente, hud won
his heart by tearing a poster from the walls.
The revolutionists ran ahori of ammunition,
and the daring little scamp, procuring a
hamper, proceeded to fill it with cartridges
which he fonnd on tho bodies of dead sol
diers lying in front of the barricade, thus
making himself a'conspicuous target for the
fire of the troops. At last a bullet struck
him down j but presently he rose again, the
blood flowing from his wound, and, looking
in the direction whence the shot had come,
was singing gaily when a second shot from
the same marksman pierced him. and tills
little great «ml had fled away.” The Com
munist trials revealed tho fact that tho
race of Gavroches is not yot extinct in Paris,
After the women had boon disposed
teen small boy«, of ages varying froutfi to U.
were arraigned with all due formality to an
swer for their share in tho proceedings of tho
Gommutio.' The scone in tho court is .de
scribed oa very amusing. There wore tho
seven grave axjfl reverend Jndges, with the
Judge Advocate pp. tlieir rigfitandtfie Hog-
2strar on thoir left, all in uniforms; two rows
or gendarmes carrying bayonets fixed;
other soldiers scattered about the hall,
and the usual motley '‘audience. Fif
teen small heads, peering above
the prisoners’ bar, just where the waistcoat
buttons of the members of the Commune
used to begin, revealed the presence of the
terrible criminals for whom this formidable
preparation had been made. It was proved
that all of these, with one exception, had
shouldered rifles and fought in military
uniform at the barricades, and some had. re
mained fighting after their seniors had run
away. Daring the investigation, the boys
behaved with a nonchalance which would
have done credit to Gavroche himself, and
were characteristically sharp in their ans
wers when interrogated. Their sentences
were Some wore sent home for
a rental discipline, while others were or
ated to be confined for the rest of their
minority in a house of correction.
AN ELECTION IN PEED.
ExhaonUnar, method of Carrying tut
Election— A Free Fight' at the Foiling
Booths.
Lima (Oct. 22) Correspondence of the Panama Star.
The most profound excitement was evident
in the capital on the night of the I4th; the
porialcs or arcades, usually brilliant with
lights and crowded with people, were dark
and deserted; the people and troops were re
moved from their postij as the Constitution
of Peru expressly prohibits the- presence of
armed forces in the neighborhood of.
the polling booths; 'nevertheless, with
in the spacious courtyard of-the Gov
ernment Palace, concealed from the pub
lic view, were stationed six pieces of
artillery and three of the most efficient
battalions of the line, to be in readiness for
any emergency growing out of the agitated
state of public feeling. In the five great
squares of the city the polling booths were
erected—simple wooden platforms In the
centre of each plaza, but they were the main
objects of the candidates’ attention. The
system of proceeding is somewhat peculiar,
and certainly not calculated toward a per
fect preservation of peace and tranquillity.
The party gaming possession of these tables
procecils to vote for the Committee bn Elec
tions, which in its turn receives the suffrages
of the citizens for the Presidential electors.
Hence it will been that the point of prime
importance is to capture the tabic,' in order
that the committee may he composed of mou
favorable to a particular cause,
since any little irregularity occurring in the
papers of the supporters of that party might
be overlooked, while the -strictest scrutiny
would bo observed respecting tbc qualifica
tions of itaopponenta. Therefore, the first
movement ou the board for each of the rival
candidates was necessarily a desperate at
tempt to seize and hold the different tables,
at least until such time as the Inspecting
Committee might require for its complete or
ganization.
The only evidence of force in Lima, on that
eventful night, were the policemen stationed
in the high towers of the Cathedral, over
looking the scene of action in the main
plaza. A rumor, afterward discovered to be
true, was extensively circulated.to the effect
that Pardo and Lrota, representing the
different shades of the civil tickotj bod
arrived atou arrangement by which it was
agreed that no combat should take place
between their respective supporters, but that
in case of necessity their strength would be
arrayed against the forces of General Ech
cnique, the military candidate. The effect
of the announcement was naturally inspir
iting to the combined parties, while equally
discouraging to that of Echenique. Never
theless, a desperate struggle for this prelim
inary supremacy was expected. The three
candidates had thoir mou well under control;
at an early hour the -voters were shut up in
large houses, .rented for the purpose, and
adjacent to the plazas, in order to bo
ready for the rally which was ap
pointed to bo made some time
aboht daybreak. Here they were regaled
with inflammatory speeches, the indispen
sable omumfienfc, and when these amuse
ments became insipid, passed the time in
more fully preparing their knives and
revolvers, with which they were generally
well provided. At about balf-past 3 Mr.
Pardo gave orders for the concerted attack
issuing forth in woudcrfnl order for men un
accustomed to discipline and excited by
drink, tbeir clubs advanced steadily and
quietly upon the points to bo assaulted, and
finding themselves the tint upon the field
captured the tables, and proceeded to take
umpires for their defence. The loaders of
the different Sections pf Pardo’s organization
were, in the majority, foffreff officers of the
army, some men of considdraols mili
tary distinction, uud the orders which were
given revealed how well and carefully the
|dam> had been studied. Detachments were
thrown ofit to guard the approaches to each
square, with’ fafirrnottom, not tfl commence
the attack, but to limit themselves to the re
pulse of any body of the enemy that might
seek to regain the lost ground. In all the
voting ppeJlfi’ctf, Pfccepf the main one, fight
ing Immediately commenced; firearms, cjubs,
and knives'were freely used; PUt it soon be
came apparent that the forces at the disposi
tion of General Echeqinno were inferior in
nmribor find resolution tp tnpsp supporting
Pardo.
The partisans of Ureta, discovering that
their x*rcscnco was not at all necessary,
quietly dispersed to their homes, and the
clubs of Gomez, Sauchez, and Segura made
no manifestation, overawed by the powdr
that was brought agniqgt them. The de
fenders of the principal shufcro waitpd pa
tiently for two or throe Lours, without any
sign of the hostile party’s approach, when, at
length, far down the street on which the
Post QflJcfi is situated, and loading to the
Plaza, aVo.dy of the enemy was perceived
rapidly approaching, yrith yejls and with
all evidences of aggressibn. The column
proved to bn ju Echeuique’s interest. Pardo’s
>ooplo allowed it to approach Within* shooi
ng distance, and quietly received the first
shots, wliep a tremendous volley was re
turned, throwing tjie assaulters into confu
sion. and finally compelling fhpn} io precipi
tately retreat. This action dosed the fight
ing. Echenique was convinced that he was
unable to cope with his rival,and limited his
action to the publication of nrotests against
the armed forces qf Pardo, forgetting that
in almost every insfafi£e th#t party stood on
the defensive. Throughout "Lima and
Callao, where Pardo was also successful,
the number of killed amounted to 12 or
15, and t|ip wounded to 40. So that at
10 o’clock on Sunday morning the two cities,
though laboring under continued excite
ment. were peaceful as far a& arms were con
cerned. The Piirdo party stood to Its post,
requested and procured the requisite .docu
ments from thn government, and proceeded
quietly to the selection of pleptors.
Until Tuesday Ibis state of attalrs lusted,
when the of the Inferior issued an
older by which fhn candidates were
authorized to establish their o\vn vp:|ng
booths, even offering the police for ’their de
fence, if necessary. This measure wps loudly
condemned by the partisans of Pardo, and
indeed, it seems extraordinary, that, after
having officially recognized his tables as the
legitimate ones, and no obstacle whatever be
ing offered to the voters of any ticket by the
committee elected, so secure Was tho victory
considered, a stop of this kind contradictory
in the extreme should be taken. The object,
however, was evidentj if w>V* hoped by the
Ureta and Kcheuiquc lactrqns that by the
establishment of so many different polling
places, a question wouldarise as to the legal
ity of either, au4 the Lima chetiou •would be
declared null and Void by Congress, the ar
biter in the matter. This case occurred with
regard fo the plrpjiou of 1868. Nevertheless
there is pq question th#i ffio great majority
of tho jieople arc iii favor,'
The Great Fire in Valparaiso, Chili. 1
From the West Coast itaii.
About q ft, m., on the tSd of September, the
tire bells jravptho qoto of plarm. and a few
minutes afterward a dense cloud of smoke
was seen to issue from tbo Callc do !a Plan
chado, which was soon followed by a sheet of
lurid flames. A strong northerly hreete was
blowing at tbo time, and everything appeared
to indicate that the city was to bo visited by
a di.saster.oqual to that of the 13th of Novem
ber, 1858. The firemen turned out with praise
worthy alacrity and promptitude, and the
Ijosos wore quickly run out to the wells com
tiguous t° tflo econo of danger. These, how
ever, were speedily exhausted, and %s the bay
was lunch agitated, owing to tho northerly
breeze, which continued tp increase in
force, some tfmo elapsed before any
thing Uko ftii pdenuato supply bf
water could bo obtetnpd* Xu tho
meantime, the flames had spread from the
building in which they originated—tho Cafe
Colon—to the tenements of the same block,
and had, moreover, taken /nil possession of
the tworStory house adjoining, belonging to
Don Augustin Edwards. The before-men
tioned were now one raging mass of fire, and,
despite the efforts of the firemen, the flames
speedily communicated to tho hoxiae of Mr.
Clausen, formerly owned bj* tho Klobo fam
ily, and thenoe they spread along the side of
the square os far us tho new buildings of
Senor Macayo. Tho flames were also carried
across tho street, and finally took hold of the
now building belonging to Don Augustin Ed
wards, and shortly afterward the windows
of-tbe fine building of General Herrera. on
tho side next the Cafe Colon, burst with tho
intense bent.-and, egress having thus been af
forded to perfect. sheets of fire,
that magnificent edifice soon became
I ft. prey to the devouring olcment.
Atrtnls juncture the destruction of all the
biUldiniw m the Callcde la Plachada seemed
Inevitable, and even now tho salvation of
the entire street, if not of tho whole of the
£Pbtntl portion of the city, appears to be lit
-5, eo f? hpr was tho danger con
fined tq that part of the cltyalouo, for tho
wi^nu, -which had increased to a gale when
the firo was at its height, carried clouds of
sparks and burning tlchu to a great dls-
J tanoo, and many houses in tho Call* do la
Aduana, Qnobradra do San Augustine, and
3 In the ceiyos du la Cordillera and Allegro,
only escaped destruction by the vigilance of
their otcupauts, who, for several hours, were
CHICAGO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1871.
unceasingly occupied in removing from the
roofs and gutters the falling sparks. T Hun
dreds of families were thus engaged^for sev
eral consecutive hoursyandit was‘near 5 a.
m. before nil danger had ceased. The total
lose was about $.500,000, of which about $300,-
000 was insured.
r. ■4 r Q
StTPPEB AT T.TVRn ATT 4-■ U
An Incident of Trsve'l in Florida.
m YouwiUget supper at lave rOak lT sir.”
Ar 1 F BB Ba l>y toe gentlemanly -clerk of
the Metropolitan Hotelat-Jackßonville,-aai
paid my bill. The day was intensely hot, I
was to leave by the 4p;m. tralirfor. Savan
nah.andhavmg but alight dinner...yery f
naturally expressed' some interest m»the
matter of supper. The assurance’ tof a-feng
per at lave Oak*. -was-'pl easan t.- My* good'
mend, Dr Mitchell, drove me in his
buggy to the and b in*
ing me a-good journey vas -arerpjirtcd,
said, “ion will get supper at Live
Oak.” When I took my ticket I inquired
for a sleeping car, for it was to be an all
night journey, t 4 Sleeping ear and sunpenai
Live Oak,” was.the reply. ‘JWe 'stained.' off
at h fair rate, the 44 colored t car in- frbnp,
with bilfa' solitary passenger, 'while the
white” car, about half filled, brought up
the rear. I-had selected a comfortable seat
on the shady side, and was busily engaged
with. my. newspaper, when the* conductor
touched my shoulder and asked forniVtic'ktjtl
“What time do we arrive at Live OakT” I
inquired, 44 Eight forty-five.” Sleep
ing-cars -there.T “Ro.„ The—fileeplug
car wont .down last night .but youTl get
supper there. You will get a nice supper at
Live Oak, sir,” he added, as If that would
j ofiset the,loss of a night's sleep.,. AIL right;
At 8:45, you say* we.sha.U .get uiere T” “Yes,
i sir.” I looked ~at -my -watch. -Four hours
and a half yet seemed a .long time to wait;’
but that.“nice supper,”, seasoned -with a
good appetite, would be all the” more wel
come alter a wholesome -fast. T> read and
dozed, roused myself to look out at the
Bwamps-andthe PineSi then dozed again, and,!
from dozing, lyslept and. dreamqd. We
were at “Live Oak*.” A thundering;
gong sounded all along the “plat
form, A colored waiter, 'with snow-white;
jacket and apron; entered the car,’.and invit-;
od “de ladies ~and genlemV* to~BUppor.” A;
spacious saloon .was just opposite thenars,;
across the platform, and foUowing~'a crowd,;
I entered. A dozed cosy tables were’nicely,
set, the cloths and the china were spotlessly
white, cut-glass water bottles and goblets
glistened-and. sparkled in. the light of the
chandeliers which huhgbverhead, u score of
tidy colored ,girls, in oright giughams and.
white aprons, were ir and)
as I took an offered chair,' -I con-‘
gratulated myself on my dinner,,
my long fast and: my keen'appetite,;
for bow i was to enjoy tliat'long-protmsed
luxury, a supper a Live Oak. 44 Coffee, sir 1”!
Yes, please,” 44 What .else, sirT”~ Any
thing you please. Yqu shall select toy supper!
forme.” The coffee sent its fragrance before 1
if, and only needed the tiny white pltcherof
boiling hot milk and a couple of lumps of
loaf sugar to makoidt delicious.; Rice and:
nicely cooked ham and eggs. broiledchicken,
tenderloin steak, fried potatoes,. u aJa Sara-
toga.” oysters fried, oysters spiced and
pickled, fresh garden radishes, iiot. biscuits,
com cakes anti hard, golden J butter were’
spread before me, audto these ripe oranges,
bananas, grapes, and melons were added. 1
Drawing my napkin from its silver ring,
I -was about to begin my feast,
when a loud scream from the. engine whistW
sounded, and—l awoke! The train stopped.
44 Live Oak! Supper!” was yelled by a ragged
darkey, who rushed through the car and van-!
ished through the rear door. I got up, rubbed
my eyes, and “wont for it” (not the darky,
hut the supper). I looked over the way for
the saloon of my dreams, but It wasn’t there.
Close beside tbc train, though, and on the
platform, was a sort of tent, formed by some
pieces of old canvas drawn over a rough frame
work of poles and boughs, and in which waal
a rough hoard table and the 44 supper at Live
Oak.” In tbc rush I managed to seonro a box
for a seat, and a plate at the board: ’One' of
a half-dozen ragged, ditto* and dilapidated
darkies came to me and demanded fifty
cents, which I promptly paid; and asked for
some tea, 44 Got none.” 41 Some-Coffee, then.”
The coffee was brought. It was the genuine
Turkish article—oue-haU grounds and the
other half dirty water. 44 Now, some milk.”, I
Got none.” Some sugar;*” 44 Sugar “all
done gopp.” “A glass* of-water, then.” I
Got no water; all gone. Better look sharp,
sir, dis zore train be off in ’bout a minute.”
Just then the whistle sounded, and the con
ductor shouted all aboard,” I looked
around for something to grab.” A
piuptj of boiled pork, a mysterious rplastei;
Pio, and soiuo* hot were
the sum and substance of my supper.” I
caught up three of the biscuits, and Jumped
ou toe train just as it was moving-ofi. 1 took
my seat, and at my leisure proceeded to in
vest jzatd the biscuit. They were sour,musty i
and heavy* I tried honestly and fairly to do i
them justice; Olid tfbiy encdbddM ‘when I
throw them out of the window.; Disappoint
ed, sad .and hungry, I-folded nu'self up as
west I could bn'axhreo-fobt scat’Uthink I ran
my legs put of the window and hung xnyiiead
over tuG'ahn Teat) and afyight refngo in- sleep,
while a thousand muskefoa kipd£rfUid tjooth
ingly supg in my ears of “supper at the Lire
Oak!”
BABTHttnAKB.
Serere M«eba in Central ItaT
j^jnerlcn.
Newspaper files from Central and r gouth
America supply the following facts and de
tails of the shocks of earthquake which were
recently experienced off" the Central Ameri
can coast, and on land, both in Central and
South America:? >-t c?m- i
While the Panama Railroad steamship
Honduras was ‘at anchor at the port of Lih
ertad on the 15th ult„ at U'p. m.. a strong
shopk of earthquake was felt which .made
the whole ship vibrate. The shofct sedtnod
to come from the eastward.
The samp sfoppfcfell‘jn |-a ypiop. and
in Nicaragua,
From the Xqulqne Mercurto, Oct. 8.
At 12:50 p. m. on the sth inst., when the in
habitants of this port were asleep, a terrible
shaking of the earth, which lasted two min
ntep, took place. The motion was at first
vertical, and aftfirwq^dlaeciUatory.
Words cannot depict the' alarm, confusion
and.panic which prevailed during those mo
menta. Men, women, and children,isoino na
ked and some in their nightgowns, rushed
into thP Streets from their homes, terrilied,
calling oqt loudly, Thp sea! 'fho sea! The
sea I" On hearing the ory* those living in
the immediate vicinity of the shore quitted
their homes and commenced to run for their
liyes jo t|iehigh laud, and bach supcocding
comer brought upws wMih' jupreuspd fhe
alarm: the wojpen anjl children Svept. and
prayed, the men were pale and horror-strick
en. Y/llhnbt blptlu‘9, snoltpr, and
in the coldness of thp dark early’ mqruing,
what could the people do f
Fortunately there come the intelligence
that the sea was ]>erfectly calm, which bad
thoefibetof allaying the fears of those who
were waiting with anxiety for the .light o!
dav, Tho people returned to their uomps
and found ihem—thauks to thp Ppeteet, Be*
nor lhara—protected froih plupdef, tho po
lice havingd>ccn instructed by that gentle?
man to do so. In this port no damage was
done by this alarming carihmiuHoj but it is
profoundly to bo regretted tnhtm tlio inte
rior of tho province the result's have been se
rious; mauV of the furnaces have bepu pom?
pietefy‘dcwtvoyeU, quit several edifices have
fallen.
The railway was blocked up by atones,
which fell from tho sides of the cuttings,
Great exertions were mad© to door the lines,
ns at the date we write traffic is resumed, In
Iquiquo no lives have been lost, but about
six or eight individuals have received bodily
injuries.
From Uio Iqulque Meieario, Oct it
A gentleman just arrived from Pica and
Matlna bring tjje information t hat both these
towns are m mins—there being scarcely a
house standing in either. Immediately
after tho falling of .tho houses,in-pica a
largo firo took place; probably caused by the
concussion of the debris with some explo
sive articles on the premises; :Thejwater
was considerably augmented in couseoneuco
of the earthquake.
The earthquake was felt at Tarapaca afc
about the same time it was first experienced
at Iquique, sth of October. From the report
of the Mayor of that town. Sehor Santiago
Zavala, to the Prefect of this citv, it appears
that this tremendous phenomenon; 4 na he
calls it, bos completely destroyed*flic church,
the pantheon, tho principal accqnuz ot tho
town, thb dam of the river-and eighteen
Guasquina and
lUago of Paohica have suffered in a
similar manner.
FarslußCarr Prisoner offtminre.
Journal confounds
the philosophers with hard questions. Ho
enumerates the long hstof weU-authenticat
animals being, held. inrolun
tary prisoners of nature, and then* ha de
th?ne? °A 5 tllls *°°malous state of
fInSS. of his perplexities are curious
enough. Some workmen in a nnurrr at
Boursire, Gotha, having a^Srgo
Sf k -pJESI
seemed incapable ot any ntbor mS 'lt
JJXS 1 b lu tim aftor regaining its lib
erty. In 1719, near Caen, a diva tnnH wnn
found in the trank of an elm tree three or
four feet above the root, and eS;Uv-ln thu
c >2.t l ?W»Th£,v l .TOundimd
about aa thiob as a man’. body.N.’Nb' ploce
conld be discerned tbrongh wluoh it wa?pos
sible for the animal ta have poaetxnted.
8008 as tho wood was eat awav. tbo toad.
n P *P- crawled out andrkip
ped away, asif glad to escape
These tacU and many others of a similar
character led M. Herissau, a French savant,
to make some canons experiments. In Feb
ruary, -ITTljihe,enclosed three live toads in as
many.eases p£ plaster, and shut them op m a
deal box. In April, 1774, he opened the uoxes
and found r the cases whole. On "breaking
the cases he found;two of the toads alive,
but the third had died a martyr to science.
They; were _handed over to the. Academy of
Sciences, and’ a careful examinotion
that the animals had no communication with
e must have existedwith
out the least nourishment. Tiu same exper
imenter enclosed some t&uls in glass so aa to
observe their movements, bat to the detri
;ment or science and relief of the toads, he
soon diedand the investigation stopped.
Thewritcp fromwhom wo quote.aiso men
tion sot her animals that have been found in
equally strange quarters.. At Toulon oysters
fit to eat; are frequently-found- in pieces of
atone. airopain two live worms were found
m the middle of a block of marble which a
sculptor was carving into alien forth© royal
family. These worms occupied small.cavities
to which there was no inlet that could -possi
bly admit the air. Iu France* in 1772," an
adder was found alive inthoceutreofablook
of marble SO feet iu diameter. In Guadeloupe
live frogs are found in beds of petrifaction.
In-these and many other cases giveu.by the
writer, his perplexity, of course, is to know
how the; animals got in there in the first
place, and then how thev managed to subsist
after they were in. If anv .bugologist or
other can discover haw. it is done, he will
have a: passable recipe for conferring immor
tality. i ...ri
Yosemite the wharf a
mozseui too latefo getron~board;~andingtead
<sf ff nejxttday; I'^steEtnlned
better known, tittlo-yaddlington,” pro
cured a «ter’to Tthe Liver
more Valley. where I stayed all night with a
radcWr. Svhoj.wab' known injtßatvil lSf ta
Clwinß.” They call hlin that.becanso he
m)t ncn by holding oiffb
degree of fortitude^not .universal in the
country. As supper time approached.
Clamps’.k-avkedjn©jili X wbnltfc uko^omc
egK. aud how I preferred it, hardjor soft,
boiled or fried. I told I would’like
some eggs, and that it would suit me best .to
navft them soft boiled.
In a few moments there catoe Clamps and
his wifp, rolling an ceir the size pf Jvflour
barrel, which they )>oilcd in a short lime In
a liirgit cauldron, and then aot it np-on end
by madam's'chair afc the tabled '"Aiole was
made in the top of the shell, and thb 'cgfewms
digged out with a long-handled ladle,
b iistonisliVd rat the ,*_,iizfer/ .'trf c the
OTw obscrved th at" ‘■his nen?r-mn st "be
euomouslyTafee: *'By'“nGr meSuC rTir*re
pued. ion surprised,
when I tell you that one hen did., not lay
this-egg alone it took' seveii or oight hens
alhio3t a>veok to lay it. It waS' a joint- stock
raredflcjibni of -thd .cbi<ufilns7,biit >is
better -than' the ''indh’idual- responrildUcj*
plan.'
At breakfast tlie next morning,, we bad
more
Stockton*/ I>rcach£d.San f Joaqiuiri river at
noon, and was ferried over in a unique look-
JJLff craft. ferryman was tugging
hilobtljvat hii-blg oars.T.dn'tfQiriid whether
iusferjy.was^probtable.
Doesn’t bcarcoly pay for ral«ln r thed>bat/
lie replied. _
'Eaunug'the boat#* r repeated,
you. mean by raisiu g the boat?*
said-hbr resringfbr awhile ba-his
you be iutbeso parts, Ijoan’t
replied* that- I'had not*boen long-in rite
country. r
‘Then/ said~hc,‘ 'pointing to the shore,
this "’ere' boat growed in that pumpkin
patch over yonder,’
*Gwwd ip iJiat/Dumlrin/patdHr I ex
claimed.*
/Crowd in thatpumpkin patch, on spump
kiu vino. Mister, this boat is. a. pumpkin
sboJl,- cut *n t Vfo. That patch is where it
growd,
1 jjhore, bvor byibat bamf: I inqnirda.-
That am tno bam/ bo answered; ‘unless
you choose to call it so. That’s a pumpkin,
100. But I made a hole in the ond.onlt. and
let the stock inside, andwhenthewot season
set in, why, yon see, I plug up the hole and
lot them winter there. They come out awful
fat in the ,spring~ That green-looking squash
over ydnder. I’m hollerin’ out to, live in.’
Are' thego the growth of thp season V 1
asked.
Wo don’t havo'no’ stcli difference here on
the San Joaquin as growin’ seasons and them
others; things keep on growin’ all the time
till we pall ’enaorjhey die.’
'AilWia lofivo of tho-ferryumn-hc
gave me a pumpkin seed,, with the remark
that I might astonlahtho -folks’iri the East
with it; out before twenty-four hours had
elapsed I come neac. having-a calamity, hy
reason of it myself.
—lt*v,a»in this wise After filing’ 3©vecal
hours to tljobun st> overoomdhy drow
siness psto find Uimposalblo to keep in the
saddle, arid dismounting, lay dowmonUhe
crohu'd/ intending* to“ take a short" ha'p.
1 had the pumpkin seed in my vest
pocket, Purmg my slumbers it fell
on tho gromm,* and I rolled over
on it- igpo .caused to ovbr
aj££p awoke- inlheinomlng by
being Tpiighly hUrribd over fhc ground, in
my prqsfnue with what acumen to
be a rhpe orbuni my bouyl I howled dustily
for help, aad my cries attracted the atten
tion Qf-tIVO men who war* cn tih-tr.way.to
field. k l
On being relieved from my perilous posi
tion the 1 irtysteiy-beearn 0 clear. The warmth
of my. body caused tho pumpkin seed -to
sprout and- begin growing, and one of
the tendrils of- the new vino had
ooilcd itself- around my body, dragging
me along in its rapid growth a distance of
moro than half a mile before 1 was
awakened. My had u hard run. to
keep pace trie ip the' clutches of the
pumpkin-vine, and finally arrested my
progress by cutting it with their scythe
blades.gave them the Yiueforthelrroward,
:|tpo IfwlOpu* young
pnmpklnsrninginirfrom fheslze of a hen’s
egg to a dour barrel.
There is but one more thing I will notice.
Six years ago a* gentleman residing near
Stockton planted,. a grape vine by
his house. In two years the build
ing* was completely jnfolfled |n‘ the
branches of the vino, and the gentleman was
surprised at tfbcihg hisdweUiu'gstartibgfrom
its foundations. The vine crew with won
derful vigor, and carried the nonseunharmed
up to tho height of sixty feet
in t}io jiir, where It remained.
The gentleman now reaches lps front door by
mean's of a. winding" stalrcaisc aroUnd "tho
trunk of the grape yjne, anybody who
will go arnl spo wpl find
it jnst'as I have said.
abb Saved the.
sOrnnkia Nslltr*
From the Detroit Free Ftom, Not. is.
Yesterday--morning, between 6 and 7
o’clock, a woman named Ann Gilmartin, liv
ing on Rivard street,, went to Catupbcll A:
Owen’s dock fora bosket full of to
cook her breakfast. 'Tho woman filled her
basket and then started to pass out by foU
lowlng.the dock yards. As s|\o was passing
tho foot of thp hVno loading down from
Atwater Btree'tl sue heard a splosh and a
yell, anil fan to the dock to seb a man
straggling in the water,
wduinu Whs Tory much excited, and
threw the man her basket as a life-preserver,
liei went down out of sight, and she then ran'
and got a largo stick of cordwood; and gave
him this as ho came up. He was choking and
gasping, but got his hands on the stick, and
went tloating down. There was no'onoin
sight, and the woman screamed to the man
to hold on until slioifave him a board, when
ho boated easier, bnt called to her that ho
was freezing to death. A little way up was
a vessel pi the dock, with none of her crow
in sight-, and-Mis.’ -Gilmartin ran up, sprang
aboard «nd secured a coil of line. The sailor
was about to quit his hold and. sink, as she
returned to him, hutsho encouraged -him to
hold on, and finally drew him to the dock
ajad hclpedhim up- a step-ladder, and then
Sot two men to get whiskey and help revive
im.. i
The sailor gave his name as Jack Kan ter.
having a family: at Bay City, and he stated
that he had*been ‘dyingnround dmtfk"f6r
three days past, amLwas going to the dock
to make some inquiries of a ship Captain
when he blundered off- -With tho- gratitude
of a true sailor; ho took out his wallet; found
that ho had about twelve dollars, ana went
witß-ihbwoman to awood-yard and paid for
a cord of wood to be delivered at her house.
A CUimpve «f V«aU«nable Life in the
ThsesTGeorielll,'
Wbbhlholate Earl of Harrington waa a
leader ol the fashion, (being at that time
Lori Petersham), the evening full dices of
fashionable gentlemen’s legs consisted of
pantaloons fitting close'to the shape', and'
tied with sUiu Jribbou rather tightly round
the auklcs. The*color was either blacker
buff though sometimes white; but black
predobmiateo, a» best calculated to conceal
imperfections ol contour. Lord Petersham,,
being an Adonis in form, usually appeared in
white or buff pantaloons. One-evening,
however, he'suddenly “led off” a new style
which very few ventured to follow, and pre
sented himself At on elegant soiree In flesh!
or blush-colored “tights,”.the effect of
which we leave to. be imagined. His Lord
ship calmly justified tills startling noveltr'
by saying tha| b«ff or.white, toward the'
close, of an evening, more especially after
dancing, hail a tendency to look like a not
very hispresent in-'
novation gave dhe effect of! froahnpss, -ns
n bath. Some, people conaidorod this
justlnoatlon as rather equivocal. It wns
given, however.- with a mild imperturba-’
bihtynot to be conveyed by -written worth,
and. m.auy casQ.- he did what ha pleased.
litO; Brumipell.whQ preceded him. alwaja
finding admirers, and In moat cases many
followers, He was residing at this period
in St, James’ Palace, where George IlfT hud
Mr -ill
giyen him a suite of apartments. He held. X
believe, some kind of office at Court, but,
whatever it was, his Lordship never did any
duty. m 7'
Returning once from a ball which had last
ed a whole summer’s night, and. much be
yond, Lord Petersham sent avay his carriage,
preferringto walk home in order' to enjoy
the.refreshing coolness of. early morning—
say &30 a- m., or, perhaps, 7 a. m, —and on the
.way he met the King and Queen walking
anu-iu-orm up Brood street! None of the
shops were open. Their Majesties were go
ing to see Mi&s Linwood’s Exhibition of! Ta
pestry, which at that day was iu tjie neigh
borhood of South Moulton, street or very
near Oxford street, and the royal couple had,
no doubt, sent to Miss Lin wood to be,‘.open
ai that very early hour-.. It thus happened
that they were met as Mr. and Mrs.
Guelph,, walking like Darby and. Joan
arm-in-arm up the street,, at the va
cant and silent hour of 7V- in the
morning.. The early hqbite-of..the.royal
family of that day. were, .however,. well
known. Lord Petershamwas agreat favor
ite, with “Fvrmor, George and Snuffy (as
their, iliyeaties. were, not unfreqffenuy des?.
ignated iu; irreverent. caricatures*.of the
period); his Lordship' therefore stopped on
meeting, the homely. pair, and they, had-a
coat for. ten minutes,, while here and there
a shop-door began to yawn. ahcl'the drowsy’
shutters of one or the other of the great
fishmongers ancTfrulteters were' slowly mov
ing
carts from Billingsgate and Covent Garden.
Bat there were no; street passengers to: 6d
nure or wonder at. Lord Petetebam’s: t“flesh-!
mgs.” Sncha picture as .this gronp present
ed,: if painted i and exhibited; at the present
time,• wonld.no. doubt.* -be; denounced as' on
incredible 1
Cata*
VexT lfamrml 2ttlat«k«w
WlUiam is aTHyraastcr in the
United States* Navy;. and/lires in
Some June ago Paymaster' Hcaly received
tomtheNavy.Department, a^lattordirect
ing him to,adjust his accounts and forward
them ynthoht 1 delay to the Secretary.of the
Navy for settlement. The* officer- did the'
necessary figuring on his bpoki; and. at the
aweok.prepared to send them
to Washington as directed. Having ho box
m which to pack them, for shipment.'he
dropped mto tno Bank oyster house'on Fult
ton street, where ho is known; and asked for
9h The only box" the proprietor could
furnish was, an old, brandy 1 jense. ’.On the
case were^; sundry marks and inscrip
..BjLlth as “James' Hennessey
y c °sp* c *.O, P■ “Vintage.
1SS8» m and ~the like;;. The. Paymaster
took the box,-packcd up'his books, .nailed
down thelid, and addressed it to “the Horn
M. Kqboßon t Secretary of the Navy.
Washington. D. C” .He then sent it to the
express pfheo and Carefulh- took a receipt.
A week-elansed and Mr. Healy hoaril tiqth
mg of his box;; In a day or two more hO'xe
ceiveda sharp letter front Secretary Robo
son calling hfs. attention to the fact that his
accounts had not been* forwarded to the de
ftartmcnt.' as'oidered, and.threateiung a fur
ough unless the department’s previoils or
der was immieffiatety complied with. Mr.
Healy was surprised, but bo put his express
receipt in his pocket; and started for Wash
ington, filled with Indignation, at the ex
press company for their ,careleasuosß. Ho
wont to the Navy Department, and told his
story; A search was at once be
gun. Old Lindsay Muse, the van*
erablo colored messenger, who has been
ou duty at the Secretary’s door for 40 years,
raked among the rubbish" and dived into
dusty corners m vain. Mr. Healv’s box
fipulan t qe fqund* FJiUy t charged. «itn anger,
and st eruly resolved to. ®xj)lodg it upon the
heads of the unlucky expressmen, Mr. Healy
retired to thoir office. He was shown there a
book m winch are kept company’s receipts
for packages delivered,. Opnosite the entry
of Mr. Hcaly’s box wm discovered the sigria
ture of George M. Robeson, written with his
own hand. More puzzled than ever, Mr.
Healy. with the messenger bearing the book,
again sought the Nary Department. Ho ask
edto see the Secretary, and was showu'in.
“That's my signature, said Mr. Robeson;
“but.how it got there I don’t know.” The
Secretary rested his head ou lus hand mid
thought 1 a minute. Presently ho looked
up, “Mr. Healy, what kind of a box was
yoursU' “Oh, it was a common hoard box,”
Healy; 44 U’waaw bid ,hraudy case,”
“Ah r said the Secretary, and a rosy blush
overspread his classic features. “May be my
colored servant John /can tell about that
bos and the Secretary rappedhia heel. John
soon appeared.', The Secretary said, John,
we are looking (or a box wfiich 1 think you
must by some mistake have taken up to the
house/' “What kind of a box, sail!” in
quired, John. Mr. Healy answered that it
was a .brandy case.. “Qh! X ’member dat
well. I)at w*w the paae brandy Mass'
Robeson tple me. io tjifce to do* house
ee it. up darin do wine
closet.” When Mr.Healy went to the house,
sure enough, there was his box of books iu
Mr. Robeson’s wine closet.
There arc many men whose brama would
bo wholly unaffected by a visitation of lead,
so for as a scrutinizing public is able to judge
or the value and endurance of useless mat
ter i but lukvotmi one case, in proof of
too supposition.. The man involved 1b Ed
ward Agan, and bis case is reported iutbc
iroy Times. Two years and hajf ago. Mr.
Agan, after a long aebauob.sudaenly sobered
himself by shooting a ball from a large-sized
Colt's revolver into his month. The ball
passed through bis upper jaw and lodged in
the left hemisphere of the brain, producing
an injury that in nine hundred and ninety
nine cases out of a thousand would have
proved fatal. The man suivtved, however,
and still lives' 44 Mr. Agan/’ says the
limes,, “removed some time since to this
city, and is now remding in apartments in the
old Troy hospital at the head of Washington
street; where we saw him yesterday. Ho was
lying upon a lounge, and upon being aroused
from aleop, recognized the doctor and wel
i corned bjm with a smile, though he had not
seen him previously for some time. The left
j eye of the patient protruded badly, and,
being bloodshot and inflamed, gayo to his
features a rather repulaivp aspect.* Of course
it will not bp pfSßujued that Agan has recov
ered bis faculties, and is td-day the same man
mentally that bo was before the bullet went
craslungthrough his brain. Op the contrary,
he is a mere wrepfc ofhl's former self: and
though tuo right eye expresses intelligence,
i the functions of the brain have booh greatly
impaired by the injury. Ho has lost the'
power of articulating words beyond the
single phrase Good morning,’ and being par
alyzed on tjip right side, is also upaldo fo ex
-1 press bis wants signs. While trying to
spoil mapapip yesterday be oven forgot the
i connection of the letters, and gave up the
1 task with ft shake of the head. It is evident
I the ball has lodged in the brain back of the
I ©ye, whore it has become Incyatcd, apd forces
i the Optic out of its normal poaUiun. Several
I medical gentlemen Uave viMieid'ilie nnfortu
-1 unto man, and all have expressed the great
est interest in the case.. It is possible that
Agan may hye for yoftw yet with the ballot
in his brum but whether he does or not, his
case Is, ns wo have said, oho of tho must re-i
markable on record,"
Tke Australian Poppy and HU Slagple
Playfellow*
Amongst the wild birds of these Australian
wilds U tho magpie, his bold, confiding na
ture seen.here oven in his utter wildness.
Tamed, he hops around the dwelling of the
settler, and steps alike freely iii thedrawiug
room of the wealthy squatter and on tho
mud lloor of tho sawyer or shepherd; making
friends with all, uttering his cries or inquiry
if neglected, and turning his bright black
eye, so full of meaning, alike upon high and
low,
Strange, were the antics, at tho homestead
of Mamteinor on tho stupendous Belangla, of
Maggy aud his friend, a puppy called Byd-.
uey. Brought up together, the bird, the
older, had evidently adopted tho pnppy os
hisiouudling. Whilst wo .were dining Mag-!
O'would tease to bo fed, and frequently,
mate ad of devouring the morsel obtained,
would lion away withat, uttering cries which
speedily brought Sydney to him, into whose
month no would carefully place the food,
and the. bird would then stand by, perhaps
on one leg, whilst the boast enjoyed his gift.
It waa a strange, sight, too, to
observe these -two at play; which
they constantly were—to observe the
bird suiting his spot the habits of the quad
ruped, aud the quadruped to those of the
bird. .Maggy, would, with, the utmost couti-*
dence; as the pair rolled together, permit the
puppy to grasp his head in.his mouth; there'
was not one shadow of misgiving, and des
pite pretended anger aud throating growls,
not one feather was hurt. The one would'
then chase tho other; anon tho bird would
seize the tail of the dog, and bef drawn along;
then the.dog would tarn, and both roll over
aud over together; sometimes the puppy
was tho victor in the sport, and stood proud
ly over his vanquished opponent, and some
tunes'tho bird,
tli« Prise Stem Cwui*Boat,
From, the .Buffalo Commercial Advertiser.
The now'steam canal-boat Port Byron,
Captain Emerson, about whichotmsidorable
has been said of late, mode her first appear-!
ance in our waters yesterday. The Byron
was built_ at-Rochester, and is owned by
Tool, Phillips Emerson, of Memphis,
Tenn. The invention is patented by F.M.
Mahan and Primus Emerson, The principle
covered by this patent is certainly original
aud ingeniona. The Portßyron is a largo
class laker. ''ThVFtrppeff port of the bow is
shaped likff amordinary boat; hut below the
waterline the bows,instead of rounding away'
atkthe side to clear the water; come flush
out even with the stem. Between those two
projections the bow is hollowed out, giving
it. the appearance of au immense scoop
shovel standing unright .with the hollowed
part facing toward the front." At the bottom
this hollow tapers off into a flume-way 30 bv
12 inches, which runs t\irongh the entire
NUMBER TO ff. 1
Iragth o£-Dielwat, 'over the floor tinibere.
The propelhns. power ih an iron pailiUo
heel, 10 feet in" diameter;with l vertical
position; so 1 that no power is‘ lost in liftimr
or sinking -the: water.: Tile wheel is
located' -in the middle 1 :of the boat
near the stern, and at the-end .of the
flmne nlentfoned- nheve, -The aotioa of the
wheeldraws the wafer mit of the ilnme
which .s replenished from the bow. It isev
pected that the entire amonnfof water dis
placed by the boat will be drawn hvthi
llmne-way by the action of 1 the wheel. tt
dneed d n or will' ho pin;
Byfon. on hot passage from Lock
nf fmtir wfth fifty; toils
of freight onboard. She was: loaded vestor
day-with 6,500 bnshels oonu hy W.
this morning
u Vork. -We-shall watch the progress
the Byron with considerable interest, bnt
we arnof-opinion that this trip will de
monstrate that-: some chhngon in the ma
cUnery and model are-necessary'before she
can bo called a complete success.
i DBV GOODS,
BTETTADSKS WIHEMAIf,
IMPORTERS JOBBERS 02* i
DRY Goons
I o •d iy JO
ihfoim Oielt fdehdt iitf 'the
large, that tliey hat e, opened 1 their
Dev afore at ,;e
-.Ill,*; <»M .....I
v 126 Michigan-ar., v
B(tw«eflMadißonandl()nroE sts;,Bast.Front,
With their fanner large ttoek and extenslte
variety in every,Oepartmcnt.
AR order! win oor prompt and faith
fulattearion otLOWEBT r pIU€£Sr c f
JOHN V. FARWELL
GO,
,i ,7
347 249 Monroe-st.
We are happy to announce that we
are in our new quarters with a full
line of goods in all department,
which we are offering’ at the lowest
rates. Onr. facilities are ample to
meet the demandsof the trade,:
Orders will be tilled promptly, and
satisfaction guaranteed.
CARSON, PM CO.
DRY GOODS,
1 At Lowest Prices.
WHOLESALE DEPARTMENT,
399 West madlson-st.
Retail Stores,
No. 138 Twenty-second-st.,
iXD
No. 036 West Lake, near Paulina.
BUSINESS CARDS.
WEST CO.,
Wax Flower Materials,
FANCYGOOUS,
SEA SHELLS BY THE CASE,
Now at 978 Wabash-av., will remove December I
to 276 West Madlson-et.
BROWN BROTHERS,
>3O £ut Monroa itreaty
(OLD FLAGS).
KANDEACTmiEBS ©y
Patent Sldevalk Llghta,
AND HUNTS CELEBRATED 1
Dakota" Soft Coal Stoves,
toy be ftnmd at the old quarter*, as above,' ready
for orders.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
UILWACRKK.
Thta foundry ha* now on hand fifteen tons of English
*ad Oeman type. It coneiite of si) else*. from non
pareil to atc». A half down dreesoa for largo slxod paper*
cam be ntrnftbed at once, with lead*, raha, ate.,: to
match. The MilwanVee Sentinel, New*, and Vindicator
So referred to u sampler of the type mannfactnred at
1* foundry.. Tor beauty ef face and finiah, a* well as
Umghneee of metal, the type made at this ionndry will
compare favorably with (he type sold.ty any other fotm-
Jry lo the world. 1 have abo several flnt-claw prresea
and jobber* for eala. -J. A. NOONAN
NW“A first-clau electrotype foundry is attached to.ttaf
type foundry.
October 22,1871.
HINRICHS SONTAG,
IMPOSTERS OP
French. .-China, end Bohemian
GLASSWARE.
Its. US SUle-it., fernerly go.SS Lakc-ft.
BEIGE AND STONE
OLD AND NEW I
BOCQUT FOR CASH, BY j
LYMM, BBIO6ES CO..
Dealer In'all kinds of Bslldina Materials and Bead)
made Houses, corner Carroll and Sansamon^su,
K. W. CEABJEE,
Attorney and Ctounaellbr at law,and Solicitor
in Chancery, t
376 STATK-ST., Cliicago. ;j
H. W. Rogers, Jr., A firo*,.
PBODUOI, COMMISSION ASD j
S£ED MXBOHAKTS r j
4 tin
F. D. CLARKE, M. D., j
167 West Madison-st.^
Formerly at 174 South Clark-st.
J. MASON PARKER,
Negotiator of Chicago Mortgages and Beal
Ra 3 Boston Post Building, Boston.' Refers to Hsn.
Jas. P, Joy, Hon. Hugh T. Dickey, Hon. Mark Skinner.
Window Glass*
D. 8. BCHANCK ft SONS,
Importers of
FlsUand Window Gluts. !|7 Cbamb it.,

Boots and Shoes. j
j, t. jiwitt j
1 hSTW opened mjr-btxelneee tbe 1 above nnmbtr
where I hive tfe* ieeliitiaeto mret.thawenta oimj
former pelroa*.m .veil *e thoeo-.vbo me/ ierornit
withe cell.
nJLIiEE, WAKBEN &CO., j
office; -STorth Pier, near light Housed'
Toll assortment Stewart's Stoves, Lawiok
only-wholesale store war*
leftby the «eat flro. with the Urratand mo*»
complete stock in the West,
E rSwcct r J^& e Co;,
Civil Encineer. and Contractors, I
-®*_ Clinton-Ht., Chicago.
Contract, flock'as ilbrtilKftViiiiini.
icd;,;; 1
Comer Ddpliinas esa Osrroll its.
SneceMon to B. Parker. 16t Washington ah, Coo
-r actors and Pealeta InHauroatfnptUea.
mauHAzrcr-
OB’
Arthur C. Ducatr“
30 and ,32 Canal.sf,, West Side*f£
side.
OfficeidMWabaalta
Insure yourD welllngs
panies triedby fira and found vStf™
l n ß Old, well-known andreliable Coty-
Insurance Company, of New Yiy*
Organized 1853.
HOWARD
Insurance Company, of New York
Organized 1825. v
CITIZENS’
Insurance Company, of New Yorkv
i Organized 1836.
The above companies pay eyeiv
cent of their Chicago Losses prompt! j*
arid with unimpaired capital will cdri
tinuetoindemnifythepeople.
Losses paid hy this Agency iip t6 3
o’clock, 13th inst., amounted to oris!
and a,Half million of dollars.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT, Agrat
£TNA
Insurance Compand
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organized .f. J». 18 i». j
Losses' paid It* fifty-two years Over
*29,000 1 000--Exclusivo of Late
.Chicago Losses.
CasH. Capital, $3,000,000*:^
With an ample ro-lnsurance fund after
Paying Chicago'Lossaa!,,
Assets Over $4,500,0.001
This well-known anil reliable Com
pany. which has stood tho tests of
over half a century, will oontlnuelasu-
Ing NEW:POLICIES and' RENEWING
OLD ONES'at current rates'. V/
DHOW k MO, AGHTS,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 Sonth Canal*st«
Adjusting Office: 150 Wabash-av,,
where-orer one and a quarter million dal
lan lonea by the late fire bare already been
paid to. over 700 claimants*.
PHENIX
nsurance Company,
OF BROOKLYN, N. Y„
Caafi Assets, after all-tosses are paid,Rl,soo,ooo
Losses paid solar by tlio Great Fire,
oyer
losses paid in. past IS years
Parties desiring aa article of Insurance
about which there Is HO QIiESTIOT, are
vanted to call at
30 West Madison-st., or 386
Wabash-av.
E. S CEITCHELL, Agent.
Underwriters’ Agency.
OF NEW YOKE.
Cub Aiicb, After paying Chleag* lattti,
$2,500,000.
We are paying louca In full aa bat uU
nited, by Slgbt Draft* on JTev York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Canal-st.,
second; FLOOE.
FIRE INSURANCE
Slikf written on Dwelling, and oilier prop
erty, at the Local Offleei,
62 South Canal-st., Sd floor,
and 47 S Wabash-av.
MES, SEEM 1 SdDEB,
A&EIVTS.
Insurance Agency
O.W. Barrett Co.,
15 South Canal-5t.,.;
OVBBTBIBDMB.'
BRANCH OFFICE: 393 Wabash-ar.,
Representing:the'
COnTINENTAIi INS.CO.
New Yo&
EXCHANGE CO.,
..New York.,;
Risks Written at Fair Rates.
NOTICE.
Inrine Firs tor® Co.,
OP NEW YORK,
The assured In; the above named Company. -who
hare a offered LOSS by the late lire, and have not ye*
put In PROOFS, will please do so with the least delay
possible, to J. H. SISK.LTE,’Jr., Adjuster for Beodrsc.
S. M.MOOHiS<£ CO., Agents,
879 Waoash-av.
REPUBLIC
Insurance Comp’yJ
I Continue to Buy Adjusted Claims
AT HIGHEST CASH BATES.
D. K. TEimBT.
dW wabash-ay
BURNED OUT
Policy-holders In the SECTmrrwT.-rc-p jjjg
COMPANY, of New York, will please notify
mopf their present address. Any- one need
in* extension in. payment of pramltun will ha
Uherallytreatedon application.
~p. BAB General Agent,
«w 756-JWabasn»av,
PERSONAL.
Experience*! Insurance agents -who, since tlio Are,
and their occupation pone, can make liberal arrango
meets •with, the N atinnal life Insurance Company, of
Chicago, to canvass in tbeclty. :i
Inquire at the home office, kw West Lzko-st.
jony p. pease,
ifonocerof Ajrennfea.*
NEWBKGIAKI)
M. M. Ins. Company
op bostpn.
Policy holders of the abore Company wnrffesea.
their clalmslto
QEO. C. CLIRKE CO..
Wi
225,000
7,000,000