$2.00 per A.isrisr'crjszE.
VOL. 2. NO. 34
®Uv
-OWBINING THE JIM.ES 6f JEFFERSONIAN
IS PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY
BY
BAILEY DONOVAN.
THE NEWS
18 specially devoted to the interests of Danbury and
vicinity, and gives more local news than other couu
t ry newspaper in Connecticut.
FOR TERMS OF SU3SCRIPTION, SEE SECOND PAGE.
ADVERTISING.
X lottery, gift sale, orobseene advertising receiv
ed at any price.
Special Notices. 25 per cent, additional to regular
rates.
B Hieeee N trees, e tch insertion, SI.OO for 5 lines or
ess; 1) cents for each a iditional line.
A loerl'w.i'nts not under contract, must be plainly
•narked the length of ti ne desired, or they will be
continued a id caatged for until ordered out.
J. VI. BAILEY. T. DONOVAN.
yt'. AT’LL! AM F LACEY,
Physician and. Surgeon
VFFICK—AT HIS RESTDENCr..
^K. E. THOMPSON,
Agent for all kinds of the most approved styles of
ra.j3 3 h s
XUPeoaTERS and SdOgLDER BRACES,
At Wholesale and Retail.
MI orders promptly attended to. Residence, see
ond door south of the Court House, Danbury, Conn.
ww.
H. THORNTON,
D E N T 1 S’ T.
Offic cor. £l. in i* i >erty ots Dt i. ,ury
(F tnerly occupied, by lames O. Fitch.j
Early a tent ion to cue natural teeth not only saves
xpense, >ut also many hours of needless pain.
N. B.—ill work warranted. 1 tt
yy M. J. RYDER
Is inserting Teeth.ou Gold, Silver, Hose Pearl and
RUBBEK PLATES.
He has a .urge and entirely new assortment of
Teeth for Kubper work, and can suit the must fastru
lous taste. Odice in Bacon's Building.
DYE WORKS.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO GENTLE
MEN
LOUIS MOEGLING,
AT THE
Canassticul Dye Warks,
DANBURY. CONX..
Has introduced a new and patent, process by which
GE n’TLE dENS’ CLO CHING
can be cleaned and renovated in a superior mlnner
WITHOUT RIPPING.
PARASOLS cleaned without being taken off the
Frames,
Call and s> o Samples. 62 if
SiLVW MACHINES.
7 iOMPLBTE
Sawing Machine Depot.
Whealer Wilson,
Grover Baker,
and other leading SEWING MACHINES,
as heretofore Ah Fairfield Couuty Agents for the
addle, we call special attention to
THE BEAUTIFUL FLORENCE
with iM celebrated RenerM Feed, unequalled Shut
improved Tension si.npie, reliaole, and
ALWAYS READY
for work. Seo It before purchasing. The most com
plete assortment, by tar, of
NEEDLES AND PARTS
for all leading Machines in the County.
CLEANING and REPAIRING thoroughly
done.
MACHINES RENTED, wita privi egeof purchase
at reduced rates’.
Privilege of EXCHANGE of machines purchased.
Full >varra.ity of uew machines aud repairing.
A fall line of Silas. Cutton, Oil, AtUetunents, &c.
New Combination Casters.
New Shutt e Cotton, ready wound
All novelli 3 promptly procured.
Your patronage respectfully solicited.
MOdEHOUSE HEATH,
NICHOLS' BLOCK MAIN ST.
65 ts
jjESHLARS
FEVER AND AGUE PILLS
stand indisputably at the head of the Proprietory
Medicines of the day. They are prepared with tnor
ouguly scieu.ide care and accuracy. I’hey are recog
nized oy eminent medical men of both scuools, as the
only saje and certain remedy for Chills and Feoer.
Safe, becausi containing aeitner mercury, quinine or
arsenic, tney are entirely harmless co the human sys
tem certain, because in an experience of twenty
years, scarely a case has been met with, where they
nave failed to cure, while their friends numoer hun
dreds ut tao.isauds. From all sections of the country
aad fro.n all classes of the community we have let
ters testifying to their merits, try them I
FUR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
PRICE ON 111 I>OLL IK PKK BOX.
70 4m.
“3 NUKSERY.
SUPERB STOCK OF
Evergreen, Apple, Cherry and Pear Trees.
Rose and Quince Bushes.
A full line of Nursery stock, all of which can be
purchased at lower rates than elsewhere. Also a tine
lot of Shrubbery Plants, at
DANBURI NURSERY
North End of Main Street.
Call and see. W. A. D iNIELS,
Proprietor.
Hlb¥s7 T ALLOWEtc.
OABH.
You can got the highest market pricejor your
HIDES FAT AND TRIED TALLOW.
Calf and Lamb Skins.
ALSO FOK HEAUs AND; FEET.
Or you can exchange your fat for a
Superior Article of Candles.
Made expressly for family use, or have your tallow
made into ci.ndles at 4 cents por pound.
Pare Neats Foot Oil.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
Dealers supplied with a superior article of candle
at trade prices. EDWARD BABBITT.
Boughton’s Lane, Danbury, Conn
I IKSRY PEBIIY,
Tin. Stat ton am Ggneral JoW.
Special attention paid to
"JL" IXX Art. o yy
all work warranted
Main Street, opposite the Rooster House, Danbury
WATCHES'
’I’HOS. B. FANTON,
A Sole Agent for
Waltham and Elgin watches.
Call and lu ok at them before you purchase. Watches
repaired oy au expenened workman, late with Bvu e
diet Bros., Broadway, x. X.
TUGS. B. FANTON,
Msf Sign of Goid_Wateh, opp. Danbury Library
I ^7
//M IXY iri^ ^uFTr^TT-B -n v< iri^mWYirt^
MEDLINE.
A GREAI MEDICAL DIsUvVEKY
Wallsior’is
California Vinegar Bitters-
HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS
Bear testimony to their Wonderful Curative Effect
W HAT ARE THE)
They are not a vile
FANCY DRINK.
Made of Poor Rum, Whisky, Proof Spirits, aud Re
fuse Liquors doctored, spiced and s weetened to pleas<
the taste, called “Tonics.” “AppetD< rs “Restorers,’
&c., that lead the tippler on to drunkenn "nd ruin
but are a true Medicine, made fr e Nativ
md Herbs of California, free from all a.. holic Sti
ulants. They are the Great Bluou Puritter a. Life
giving Principle, a perfect Renovator and Invito.-
of the system, carrying off all poisonous matter am
restoringthe blood to a healthy condition. No perso
can lake these Bitters according to directiona.il re
main lopg unwell, provided the bones are not destroy
ed by mineral poison or other means, and th vit i
organs wasted beyond the point of repair
They are a Gentle Purgative as well as a Tonic, pos
sessing also, the peculiar merit of acting as a power
fnl agent in relieving Congestion or luriamation of
the Liver, aud all the Visceral Organs
For Inflamatory and Chronic Rheimatism and Gout
Dyspepsia, or Indigestion. Bilious, Remittent and In.
termittent Fevers, Diseasesof the Blood, Liver, Kid
noys and Bladder, these Bitters have been most su
cessful. Such Diseases are caused by Vitiated Blood,
which is generally produced by derangement of the
Digestive Organs.
DYSPEPSIA. OR INDIGESTION, Headache, Pan.
in the Shoulders, Coughs, Tightness of the Chest.
Dizziness, Sour Eructations of the Stomach, Bad taste
in the Mouth, Bilious Attacks, Palpitation of the
Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs. Pain in the region?
oi the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful symp
toms. are the offspring of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach aud stimulate the tor
pid liver and bowels, which render them of unequal
ed efficacy in cleansing the blood of all impurities and
imparting new life and vigor to the whole system.
FOR SKIN DISEASES. Eruptions. Tetter, Salt
Rhefim, Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pustules. Boils
Carbuncles, Ring W orm can. I trd. Sore Eyes
Erysipelas, Itch Scurfs. Discolorations of the skin
linmors and Diseases of the skin, of whatever name
or nature, are literally dug up and carried out of the
system in a short time by the use of these Bitters
One Bottle in such cases will convince the most in
credulous of their curative effect.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you find its
impurities bursting through the skin in Pimples
Eruptions or sores cleanse it when yon find it ob
structod and sluggish in the veins, cleanse it when it
is foul, aud your feelings will tell you when. Ke< p
the blood pure, and the health of the system will fol
low.
PIN, TAPE and other WORMS, lurking in the sys
tern of so many thottsa' ds, are effectually destroyed
and removed For full directions, read carefully the
circular around each bottle, printed in four languages
-English. German, French and Spanish
J WALKER, Proprietor. R. H. MCDONALD CO.
Druggists and General Agents, San Francisco,
CaL,and 32and 34 Commerce street, New
York. Sold by all Druggists and Dealers.sl ts
INSURANCE.
L. HUBBELL
Agent for the
Mutual Life Insurance Co.
OF NEW YORK.
Assets";:
$45,000,000.
Also
FIRE INSURANCE
IN FIRST CLASS COMPANIES I
OMco with A. B. Knapp, in the Post Office Bnildig
£NBURANCE.
The flrm of Jones Jt Hoyt having dissolved, the lat
ter has moved his office to Hamlin’s Gallery of Art.
opposite Concert Hall, aud is uow under the name of
lloyt Hamlin. Those who wish to get their prop
erty insured in first-class companies, such as Aetna
and North American, of Hartford, and the old orig
inal Home of N. Y., and others, will do well to call
ou Hoyt Ji Hamlin. Office at Hamlin’s Gallery of
Art
F. C. HOYT. E. G. HAMLIN.
JONES”
General Insurace Agency.
Office Cor. Maia and West, Streets,
UP STAIRS.
DANBURY, CONX.
The oldest Agency in Danbury and vicinity. Per
fectly reliable, safe, and well-established companies,
represented as follows;
Capital and SnnrLvs.
Hartford Fire, of Hartford, $3,000,000
insurance Co., N. America, of Phila., 3,000,A35
Middlesex Mutual Assurance Cc., 2,13i>,512
Phcenix, of Hartford, 1,700,000
Travelers’Life and Accident, 1,588,588
Andes, of Cincinnati, 1,181,009
Putnam, of Hartford. 770,782
Home, of Columbus, Ohio, 638,447
City Fire, of Hartford, 573,000
Merchants, of Hartford, 475,000
Connecticut, of Hartford, 450,000
Norwalk, of Norwalk, 400,00 u
Fairfield County Fire, South Norwalk, 250,000
The public are invited to call at my office, where all
information relating to both Life. Fire and Accident
Insurance, will be freely given. They are sure to got
-the “genuine article.”
49 ts T. JONES.
f X. E. COW PERTH WAIT,
General Insurance Agent.
Office West Side of Main Street,
DANBURY, CONN.
SZWIITG MACHINES.
^GENTS WANTED,
IN ALL UNOCCVPIED TERRITORY, FOR THE
SALE OF
He Best Selling Sewing Machine
IN THE .COUNTRY.
Ono which gives tNiVERStL SATISIJAC
TIOS, and every machine sold i» a Itc-GOal-
MKN NATION.
Agents wanted everywhere, in every town and city
throughout Connecticut.
No agcncy.ofl'ercd will pay so well as one for
THE WILSON
New Under-Feed Shuttle
Sewing Machine
THE LAST AND NEWEST.
Embracing everything of utility in Sewing
Machinery, ana combining tho
excellencies of all
First-class Machines.
It is outside of the Combination, and sold for Fif
teen Dollars less than their prices.
Price Forty-fire Dollars.
AWritten G.uarantee For Five Years
WITH EVERY MACHINE.
Extra inducements to|local or travelling
agents.
For circulars and terms addres
Salisbury Bros, Co.,
PROViDENCtfi, R. I. [BO 3m
Genera. Agents forJßhodo Island and Connecticnt.
TRAVELER’S GUIDE.
OAILY LINE, 1871.
NORWALK AND NEW YORK
Connecting with Danbury Railroad.
The Steamboat
NELLf WHITE.
•eaves Pier 37 East River, foot of Market Street, at
-u5, and from foot 37th st., East River, .t 3 o'clock.
P. M., every afternoon (Sunday excepted) and from
South Norwalk every morning at 7:45 o'clock, or ou
arrival of the Railroad trains from Danbury and New
laven.
Passengers and baggage conveyed to and from the
lepot at South Norwalk free of charge.
t'aru cis. Excursion Tickets $1.25
Freight taken at Propeller’s rates.
N. B. The Nelly White connects with the train that
leaves Danbury at 6:30 A. M ,and from New York with
trains that leave South Norwalk al 6:18 I’. M. 58 ts
J^ANBURY A- NORWALK RAILROAD.
Autumn Arrangement.
COAMENCIbt 01/i. 16th.1871
LEAVE DANBURY.
6.30 A.M.. i Passenger trains connecting at South
.2 M., >Norwalk with trains for New York and
1:35 P. M., New Huven.
•1:45 P. M. Freight and Milk Train.
LEAVE SOUTH NORWALK.
1:00 A. M, I Passenger trains in connection with
.55 P M.,) 7:o A. M., 12:15 P. M trains from New
York.
1:05 P.M. Freight train.
6:17 P. M. Express train for Danbury, Bethel, Red
ding, aud Sanford's, only. u
6:22 P. M. Accommodation train for Ridgefield an
all Intermediate stations
Ridgefield Branch.
Trains on Ridgefield Bi inch run to the down trains
and from the np trains.
JOI W .FACON.SuDt,
1
NEW YORK HOL ATONt J <fc NORTH
ERN RAILRC D.
1871. TIME ?ABLE. 1871.
COMMENCING T ONDAY, MAY' 1.
A. M. P. M. P. M.
Leave Danbury 11:15 12:30 6:30
Ar. Brookfield June. 11:35 12:55 6:55
RETU NING.
Leave Brookfield June. 11:40 1:05 7:05
Arrive at Danbury 12:05 1:30 7:25
The 5:15 a. in., and 12:31 >wt 6:30 P. M. trains from
Danbury, connect with H. rsatouic trains for Bridge
port and intermediate Su ons.
The 11:15.A. XL, and6:3l .M trains from Danbury,
connect with Housatonic ..ins for Pittsfield aud in
termediate stations
Albany Passengers tak the 11:15 A. M. train at
Danbury, reaching Alban st 4:52 P. M. Passengers
leave Bridgeport for Dani try at 10:30 A. M.. and 5:40
P. M.
FRED. M. MEAD, Supt.
ANBURY A BREWSTER STATION
STAGE LINE!
GOING.
Leave Danbury at 10:15A. M., or on arrival of train
from Norwalk, and connc tat Brewster’s with Rut
land Express at l i:47 P. M and with Freight for the
south. At the same stopping at Pawling, Dover
Plains, Amenia, an connect with Duchess Colum
bia R. R. for Fishkill, Hillsdale, Chatham and Albany.
RETURNING.
Leave Chatham Mail train at 12:30 P M stopping at
al) stations, aud connecting at Milltown with Colum
bia R. R., on arrival at Brewster's at 3:47P. M.
Danbury, Aug. Ist, 1871.
BERLIN ST. JOHN, Pro.
GROCERIES.
AHEAP GROCERY STAND.
CORNER OF MAIN AND PATCH STS.
Fop the accommodation of the up town and coun
ry trade.
The freshest and best groceries constantly on hand,
and offered at the lowest rates.
sUGAR
COFFEE
TEA.
BUTTER.
LAUD
Tias nud Toftes Specialities.
The best Inthe market. Carefully selected, and put
down to tfie lowest prices.
Standard Kerosene oil--110.
WARRANTED.
potatoes.
PICKLES.
FLOUR
OI INGES.
LEMONS.
CANDIES. 4.
Give me a call and satlsl yourself that my prices
and goods cannot be belte d.
OLIVER P. CLARK.
NEW XFORD. _
I
rpOBACCO
Have you sold Do you want to buy If so, go
to the
NEW YORK
CLOTHING STORE,;
OPPOSITE THE BANK,
NEW MILFORD, CONN.,
Where you will find the store filled and overflowing
with goods just .opened for the
Fall Trade of 1871.
The largest stock of
Ready Made Clothing
in the County. Also, Cloths, Cassimeres, Vestings,
and Trimmings, which will be sold by the yard or cut
and made up in the latest
Fashions and Styles.
Calculated to please the most fastidious. You will
also find a targe stock of
ttat« and CAPS
Of the finest styles and best qualities, selling very
low.
Gents’ Furnishing Goods
In great variety, consisting of Shirts, Collars, Ho
siery. Gloves. Neck-ties, Bows. Scarfs. Pocket Hand
kerchiefs, Suspenders, Napkins, Drawers, Overalls,
and Over Jackets, Rubber Ciotning. Umbrellas, Trav
elling Bags, Trunks. &c. In fact, everything to make
a gentleman’s wardrobe complete, All of the above
articles will be sold very low, at least 25 per cent,
cheaper than any other place in TOWN or COUNTY.
Thankful for the liberal patronage bestowed in tho
past, we invite the Public to examine our stock before
purchasing elsewhere.
11. GOODSELL, Cutter.
M NRNJR BRO,
izonN/EE jsts-w’s without politics.”
DANBURY, CONN., WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 18717'
Solicitous Soliciting.
Mr. Editor;
As my tender bodied wife
was appointed a connuittee to solicit sub
criptious for the Chicago poor through our
lan. 1 I want to show you, my dear, the
trial and tribulations she experienced on her
mission of love, purity and Opidildocity.
The first house was Mrs. Spriggins, (she is
an emigrant from old England and during
our late unpleasantness she and her husband
sold out and vamoosed back to safe old Eng
land until after everything was lovely).
Mrs. Jones, my wife, approached the door
with book and pencil in hand and in her
tenderest tones acquainted Mrs. Spriggins
with the fact that she was soliciting sub
scriptions of money, clothes, or anything
else for the destitute people of Chicago and
(Michigan; in fact, she made a glorious
speech in tue favor of anything pertaining
to tire. But no; old H. was poor ami
couldn't afford afford to contribute anything,
had just managed to pay for our house, and
hadn’t anything in the house but an old pa.r
of Abe’s oveiaJs and a pair of rubbers.
Just bad twenty-seven dollars and couldn’t
b eak that as she wanted to raise three more
so she could put thirty dollars in the bank.
Good morning; and slam bang went the door
in my poor Alls. Join s’ face. Tears came
to her eyes and her dander rose, and if she
only hud old H. in her reach then, she
would have pounded her to powder. In the
next house lived a poor old woman who took
in washing for a living, to whom Urs. Jones
made her same flowery sp< ech, to which
I Mrs. McGaffen replied, Bedad, I’m not
I over flush im.-self, but the Lord knows that
11 may lie burned out some day, aud, Mis.
Jones, I’ve only a quarther in the house
lake it, it may buy some poor divil a loaf.”
In the next house lived Old Mother Gossip,
who spent the most of her time looking af
ter her neighbor’s business, and working too
much with her mouth. Mrs. Gossip had
tried so hard to get upon the sime footing
with Mis. Jones, and had been snubbed so
many times, that a genuine hatred bait taken
possession of her breast, and when my rib
gave her gentle tap at the door she drew her
self up and her nose down, and gave direc
tions to her husband to admit the “hussy.”
The same speech was in order except the in
terruption caused by old G. hemming and
occasionally bringing her heel down ou the
oilcloth. Everything has an end—so did
Mrs. Jones’speech—and .lira G., with tiger
like spring and hair on end, howled at Mrs.
Jones, “If I’ve got anything to give, I’ll
hand it to some one more reliable.” She
was mad because she had not the appoint
ment of committee man for our lane. '1 he
next house coutained a puor but honest Ger
man. Mrs. Jones by this time approached a
house like one hunting blackberries barefoot.
She made that same speech and thought to
herself, if she raised a quarter in this house
she was doing well, but bless the Teutonic
heart, she opened it and her pocket-book fit
the same time, and shot into Mrs. Jones’ lap
five dollars, saying, “speckelbecks un gros
sun, duuder ine dobbleshen, grabbelspelly,
hobblestegobble, &c., &c. Mrs. Ex., inthe
next house, had a buggy feather bed she could
have. Mi's. J., who lives in the old shop,
gave a walking cane. Mrs. K. contributed
a stove. Mrs. Smith a mouse trap. Mrs.
Dusenberry gave a cradel, one rocker off.
Mrs- Mullady three breadths of rag carpet.
Mrs. Heanhussy gave a sausage staffer, aud
old Mother llitentite contributed a set of
false teeth that belonged to her deceased
Khuben. To see the collection that is spread
out in my cellar would make Barnum mad.
There will be an auction in “our lane” in a
few days, and the auctioneer will be
Yours truly
Prof. Lioutfoot.
Spiders.
We always think of spiders with webs.;
but all spiders do not make webs. 1 here
are trap door spiders, for instance, which are
found in the south of Europe and m the
We«t Indi s. The female digs a hole in the
eaith, about six inches deep and one inch
across, and lines it with silk of her own weav
ing. At the hole’s mouth she makes a round
door, fastened at the rim of the bole by a
silk hinge The spider opens the. door, but
the door shuts itself. This trap door is full
of very small holes, which, nevertheless,
gives light aud air to the spider’s home.
There is another little spider, sometimes
found in our ponds aud rivers, which makes
quite another sort of home. It lives in a lit-
tie diving bell, under the water, which it I
builds very curiously. It comes to the top
of-the water, gets a bubble of air, and car- j
ries it down to the stock of a plant below,
having safely secured it, it mounts up for
another, and for another, until there are air I
bubbles enough to live in Over this it
weaves a covering iu thu form of a diving I
bell—light at the top, and open below and
here the bttle water spider sits and dives at
the water-mites which swim around its cabin
door.
Huw a Chica(o Nan Fought the Fire.
One more building that remains an oasis
in a bleak and black Sahara, is a small white
wooden cottage on Lincoln place. A police
man named Bellinger lived here. He hauled
up the sidewalk, raked up the leaves and
burned them, hewed down the fence and
carried it into the house In pieces, and noti
tie! his neighbors that, live or die, he would
stick to that house. The fire advanced and
gave battle. It flung torches into his porch,
it hurled them through the windows, it began
and kept up a hot bombardment of flaming
shot upon the roof. He met it at every
point, with hands and boots, with water and
wet blankets, and finally, as the last wave
of fire enveloped the building in a sirocco
and whirled through the crackling tree tops
and gyrated madly over the adjacent walls
and wavered aud whirled over the smoking
roof, Bellinger cast a pail into bis cis era
I and it was dry. The blankets were on fire.
Then the Bellinger genius rose triumphant.
He assaulted bis cider barrels, and little by
little emptied their contents on ihe roof. It
was the coup de guerie. It gave him vic ory.
His blankets were scorched, his hands b ist
cred, his boots distorted at d his hous was
i saved. And Bellinger h sgo eto taking
boarders.— Cor. E. K Tr bune.
A gentlemen once boasted to a friend that
he could iuitodme to h m an engineer of
more wonderful skill thau Robert fticphcu
son. Iu fulfilment of the boast, lie brought
out a glass tumbler containing little scarlet
colored spider, whose beauty, its bright
yellow nest on a sprig of laurustinue, hud
induced a yonng lady to pluck the sprig
from the bush where it was growing. When
brought into the house it was placed on the
mantel-piece, and secured by placing a glass
over it. In a very short time this wonderful
little engineer contrived to accomplish the
herculean task of raising the sprig of laurus
tinus, a weight several hundred times great
er than himself, to the upper part of the
glass, and attaching it there so firmly that it
remained suspended for many years’ where it
was hung by the spider.
The fire in Chicago had the curious effect
of spoiling the “outsides” of nearly 200 week
ly newspapers which are published hundreds
of miles from that city in. Illinois, low
Wisconsin and Minnesota. One of the lead
ing printers in Chicago did a large buainess
in printing these “outsides” in duplicate and
sending them to different places, where the
local publishers printed the news on the other
side. The farmers who depended upon these
sheets for their weekly supply of news must
have been puzzled to know how the Chicago
fire could have deprived them of their village
newspaperwhile the home office remained in
tact.
A Western New York spiritualist came
near losing his daughter because be relied
upon the spirits to cure her, and would not
permit a doctor to be called. At length,
However, he listened to better counsels, and
a dose of old-fasbioned, terrestrial physic
wrought out a cur the ghosts denied.
A Chicago bootblack has just bought $9 0
worth of property in Detroit, paying for e
same in ten cent piece It t ok ome ho ra
to count the funds. hi win an earne in
the legitimate “Sane ’em jup” trace in five
year*.
W fay Did CUleaco Burn so Fast 7
Variius theoiies are advanced to account
f<r the extraordinary fury aud speed of the
Chicags^re. It was observed by hundreds
in different parts of the doomed city, that
flames would burst out of houses far away
from the main body of the conflagration,
and apparently under circumstances in many
cases which aenitd to forbid the idea of
such separate fires being caused by the flying
sparks end h-ands, though the wind was
blowing alm»st a gale. Like the terrible
conflagration* in the forests and villages of
Wisconsin aid Michigan, this Chicago fire
seemed, as tie apalied spectators expressed
it, like a tornado of flame.” One citizen
compared it t> the intensified, driven flame
from some vist blowpipe. It gave the ter
ror-stricken inhabitants scarcely time to es
cape with tbtir lives. A hundred perished
in the flames. Solid walls of brick and
mortar and Joliet stone went down before
the sweeping lire almost literally as fast as if
they had been light structures of pine satu
rated with turpentine. The flames seemed
to penetrate the lofty stone walls as soon an
tiny struck them. What does.it all mean?
le the solid st structures man can raise of
no m*re avail to resist fire than so many cob
hous s? Was there in ChiCago some secret
and general scheme of incendiarism t One
comspun.lent of the Times suggests that
these Chicago fires were set by secret agents
of Brigham Young and his Mormons. His
argnm- nt is, that a community of zealots
who seek to maintain, and defend at one and
the same time, a system of religion and a
scheme of beastly licientiousness, by such se
cret and systematic murders as the “Danites”
of Salt Lake have committed, are capable of
any, atrocities; and that it may have been
Young’s idea now, when Mormonism is
driven to its last ditch, and is making its
last desperate fight against the higher civili
zation which is to overwhelm it, a stunning
conflagratim of one of the largest American
cities would cause all hands to pause, and to
ask what it all means. The theory, though
very improbable, is not wholly preposterous.
But we think the explanation given by
Chambers' Journal, much more likely to
be nearer the truth. This theory is nothing
more nor less than tho “Joliet stone,” of
which Chicago was so largely built, is natur
ally saturated with an oleaginous substance
somvwnat like petroleum, and that hence it
is highly inflammable in the midst of a great
fire. This idea, put forth by the English
publication we have named in advance of
the fire, was quickly followed hy that une
qualled conflagration. If the fact be what
the writer asserts, it can aud will soon be
shown. In that event the wonder will be,
not that Chicago has been burned down, but
mat it was not burned before.
Tlie Roaton. Hartforil Sc, Krfe Rail*
road— anevu raging Proa peats.
From Windham county to New Y'ork
State there are evidences of suddenly re
newed activity along the line of this road
and the assurance is given at every point
from this city westward through Fairfield
county, that the road will now be steadily
carried on to its completion. Since the man
agement of this corporation fell into the
hands of the present board of trustees, says
the Boston J urnal, its prospects have con
tinued to brighten, and the road will be
completed to Willimantic and the line open
to public travel to Hartford and New Y’ork
soon. Assurances have been given by Mr.
Munson, that in four weeks at the outset the
road will be completed from Boston to this
city, and ready to open. Great activity is
manifested all along the line iu rebuilding
and completing draws and bridges, and in
improving the condition of the road. A
large gang of stone mason- are driving for
ward the work at the high arches at Black
stone two new bridges have been framed
and wilbbe put in place next week over two
highways between Wapoieand Norfolk, re
placin, tho present dilapidated structures:
new plat l onus have been laid at all stations
where they were required, aud a new draw
for the bridge over Fort Point channel will
be completed about the middle of Novem
ber. Two new engines have been purchased,
and safety burners and non-explosive miner
al sperm oil substituted for kerosene and the
old fashioned lamps in the passenger cars.
In all this progress and improvement the
trustees have relied for funds solely on the
earnings of the road.— Waterbury Ameri
can.
Masonry in the United States.—When
aud where the order of Masonry was first in
troduced into the United Statesappears to
be a matter of some doubt, even among the
best informed of the fraternity, and the fact
that, prior to the year 1717, lodges were
not compelled to keep any regular record,
leaves no authemic data whereby to trace its
origin. It is generally conceded, however,
that Masonry iu the United States dates from
the year 1733, when the right honorable aud
most worshipful Anthony, Lord Y’iscount
Montague, grand master of the g’ and lodge
of England, on application of several brethren
residing in New England, appointed and
constituted the Right Worshipful Henry
Price as provincial grand master over all the
lodges in New England, who on the 30th of
July, 1733, constituted Ihe first grand lodge
of Freemasons ever opened on the American
continent. This was known as St John’s
grand lodge, which title it retained until it
was united in 1792 with the grand lodge
founded by the Earl of Dalhhousie, grand
master of Scotland, of which Gen. Joseph
Warren, who fell at the battle of Bunker
Hill, was the first grand master. Henry
Price was doubtless the first grand master in
the United States. He was a successful dry
goods merchant, and is generally looked upon
as the father of Masonry in the United
States. The order rapidly spread, and be
fore the end of the last century a number of
th States boasted of their grand lodges and
grand commanderies. George Washington
was a member of the Masonic fraternity for
nearly half a century.
Mr. Gray discovered a non-explosive illum
inating fluid. To show how safe the new
compound was, he invited a number of his
friends to meet him in his rooms, whither he
at once ^proceeded to stir with a red hot
poker. As he went through the roof of his
house, accompanied by his friends, he en
deavorcd to explain to his nearest compan
ion de voyage that the particular fluid in
the barrel had too much benzine in it; but
the gentleman said he had an engagement
higher up, and could not wait for the explana
tion. Mr. Gray continued his ascent till he
met Mr. Jones, who informed him that there
wos no necessity for him to go up higher, as
everybody w’as coming down; so Mr. Gray
started back, to be with the party. Mr.
Gray’s widow offers for sale the secret for
the manufacture of the non-explosive fluid
at a reduced rate, as she wishes to raise
money enough to buy a silver handled coffin,
with a gilt plate, for the late Mr. Gray.
A New Dodge.—The Troy Whig says:
Last Saturday evening we noticed a boy
about twelve years of age standing on Con
gress street, with his fist in his eyes, weep
ing bitterly Upon inquiry we learned
from him that he had lost fifteen cents. Oc
casionally he would look up, and whenever
be saw a crowd of people coming towards
him he would cry as though his heart would
break. Quite a number asked him what he
was crying about, and each time he would
relate bow he had lost his fifteen cents. His
loss would accordingly be made good to him,
but after each good Samaritan had passed
on, and as a new crowd, or some charitable
looking gentleman or lady would approach,
his grief would again overmaster him. Smart
boy.
Owing to a difference of opinion concern
ing the pronunciation of a word, an anima
ted prize-fight was instituted between the
teacher and a scholar in a Georgia colored
school.
Mr. and Mrs William Bandel, an old Bal
timore couple, who had been married over
sixty-seven years, recently died suddenly «f
paralysis within seven hours of each other.
The editor of a country paper remarks that
half the people who attend musical enter
tainments in his town “don’t know the dis
ference between a symphony and a sardine.”
The Abbe Liszt, the great master of the
piano and eminent musical composer, has
just been granted letters of nobility and a
pension of six thousand florins ($3,000) by
the Hungarian government, and will live
ha.aafter alternately at Waimar and Peath.
Farragut’s Decision.—On the day when
intelligence was received that the ordinance
of secession had passed the Virginia Conven
tion, Captain Farragut determined to abandon
Norfolk and tho Mate. Collecting hastily a
few valuables, lie placed his wife, sister, and
their, children in a carriage, put his loaded
pistols in his pocKet, and within two hours
from the reception of the news that Virginia
had decided to secede he proceeded to the
Baltimore steamer, then at the wharf. Leav
ing all else behind, he resolved not to be
denationalized or tom from the Union he
would know no country but that which he
had loved and served from his childhood.
The next day he passed through Baltimore,
then in excited insurrection. The ordinary
channels of travel by steamers and railroads
were interrupted, and in the general confus
ion it was difficult to procure means of trans
portation or to leave the city. He found by
accident that a common canal boat was
leaving the wharf for Philadelphia. On this
boat, which had indifferent accommodations
for about eighteen persons, there were
crowded nearly three hundred—fugitives,
like himself and family, seeking refuge in
the North. He reached New Y’ork after
some annoyance and inconvenience, with
but slight pecuniary means to sustain him
self and his exiled and dependent family.
Being on waiting orders—for the Depart
ment, which did not then know these par
ticulars, was moving with cautious, vigilant,
and wary steps, careful and guarded whom
to trust, and in the employment of Southern
officers particularly circumspect—Captain
Farragut felt his pecuniary resources insuffi
cient for his support in the. great metropolis.
Always modest and unobtrusive, and almost
a stranger in New York, he found a resting
place for a few days under the roof of a
freind whom he had previously known, until
he could obtain a secluded place out of the
city, adapted to his limited means. He suc
ceeded in getting a modest cottage at Hast
ings on the Hudson at a nnt of $l5O per
annum, which he plainly furnished, and to
which, with one servant, he retired to awai*
events—ready, however, and anxious to
serve his country ami give himself to her
cause.
A Komanlic *tory.
The Chicago papers just before the fire
chronicled a romance in real life that hap
pened in that city which is worthy the pea
of a noveli t. It was a fine moonlight even
ing when a yonng clerk might have been
seen” musingly strolling down Wabash ave
nue, whe’e now is all ruins, to his boarding
house. Casting his eyes toward the lake,
what was his surprise to see the figure of a
lady, clad iu a white dressing gown, at the
water's edge. As she was moving slowly
towards the moist element, and was evident
ly a somnambulist, the youth felt justified in
interfering to prevent her from taking an
unexpected bath. He therefore grasped her
arm and awoke her from the trance. Com
prehending the situation at once, she became
extremely embarrassed, and blushingly al
lowed her gallant attendant to escort her to
her palatial residence near at band. So po
litely and delicately did he conduct himself
under the very peculiar circumstances that
he produced a very favorable impression up
on the young lady’s mind. Not long after
ward they met at a party, but did not recog
nize each other. They met again two or
three times, and one evening it was his lot
to accompany her home. They passed up
the avenue, and to his great delight she
paused before the same door to which he
he had led the beautiful somnambulist. He
could not resist an exclamation of surprise,
and when she asked its cause and saw- his
confusion, the whole affair suddenly flashed
across her mind. Tableau. And now there
is talk of a wedding.
Stopped His Paper.—Many years ago,
Mr. Swain, then editor of the Public Ledg
er, was hailed at the corner of Eighteenth
and Chestnut streets Dy a very excited indi
vidual, who informed him in the most em
phatic terms, I have stopped your paper
sir,” and proceeded to explain the why aud
wherefore, all the time gesticulating wildly.
Aly gracious, sir, you don’t say so I Come
with me to the office, and let us see if we
cannot remedy the matter. It grieves me
that any one should stop my paper.” Down
Chestnut street to Third the two proceeded.
Arriving at the office, Air. Swain ?said,
Why,'my dear sir, everything seems to be
going on here as usual I thought you had
stopped my paper.” Then and there the ex:
cited gentleman, whom the long walk, by
the way, bad partly cooled, said that he had
stopped taking his one copy of the Ledger.
Air. Swain was profuse in his anologies for
having misunderstood the meaning of Lis
late subscriber’s words, and regretted that
he had given him the tramp from Eighteenth
street to Third, down Chestnut. The gen
tleman went on his way home, a wiser if not
a better man, marvelling at the stupidity of
editors in general, and of Air. Swain in par
ticular. Before be left, however, he or
dered that the Ledger lie still sent to his ad
dress.
A young lady who escapeo from the burn
ing city of Chicago, in the course of a
graphic account of the great fire, tells the
following “Two blocks beyond where 1
lived in Halstead street lived an old German,
an almost helpless cripple, whose sole sup
port was his wife and young son. The latter
went away in the morning and did not return,
ihe fire rapidly approached with deadly
omen, and the old couple were not only dis
tracted at the absence of the boy, but fear
ful of their possible fate. At last the flames
came so near that they must fly or die. In
the strength of her affection the old woman
seized the poor cripple, placed him upon her
back, and thus staggered along for a distance
of two blocks, when some men placed him
in a grocer’s wagon and drew him to a place
of safety.”
Fall Plowing. Fall plowing is in season
now, and may well be prosecuted with all
energy until the ground freezes. Almost
every farmer has time, or can make time,
after the fall crops are in, to plow more or
less, and it should be more, if possible. We
are firmly persuaded that fall plowing is not
only of great advantage to the crops, but by
giving the farmer a start in spring enables
him to accomplish in the busiest season of
the year far more than he could otherwise
do. Of course, on those soils where the
earth packs, instead of becoming friable dur
ing winter, breaking up must wait until
spring. Like all other farm operations this
requires judgment.
A gentleman planted a row of fruit trees
near a compost heap, the tree that stood
nearest to it grew in one summer four feet
eight inches one seven feet from it, two
feet and a half one fifteen feet, grew four
teen inches, while all the rest grew but seven
inches That is probably about the growth
all would have attained bnt for the compost
heap. Thus it would seem that the influ
ence of this fertilizer at the d’stance of fif
teen feet was sufficient to double the ordinary
grow th of a tree. If only fruit raisers
would really believe these things and act ac
cordingly, there would be few failures in this
valuable crop. The grass is one of the
greatest fruit robbers in our orchards.
A man who had fought “mit” Sherman,
was caught in one of the late Wisconsin
prairie fires, with no means of building a
back fire, so he imitated the gophers. Cut
ting a huge sod with his bunting knife, he
threw the dry dirt out till a hole sufficient
for his body was made, when he crawled in
and rolled the turf over him. He lay there
until the fire passed over him, and was speed
ing furiously on its way miles distant, then
slowly he crawled out of his living grave,
heated fearfully, bat injured iu no way
whatever.
An English lady of high rank, at the close
of the war, asked Victoria, the crown prin
cess of Prussia, to give to the wife, mother,
or betrothed of the man in the German army
most distinguished for a personal act of bra
very, a certain cross of gold and jewels, in
token of his achievement. •he investigation
nas been going on ever since, and at last the
honor falls upon Lieutenant Brandenburg, of
the First lower Silesian infantry, who by his
magnificent courage took the first cannon
from the enemy at Woerth.
The total German population of the Unl
t*d State* i* set down at 1,080,583.
The Man who Carried his Point.
The following ridiculous story is told of a
neighboring committee man. The evening
before the day on which he was to pay an
official visit to the school, his wife put a
new ceiling in his pants, and accidentally
left tho needle where she did the worlj.
Arriving at the school he stiffly returned
the salutation of the polite teacher, and ma
jestically settled into the company chair.”
It didn’t seetn to the most acute observer
that he had but just touched the chaii,
wheh he at once began to ascend. A wave
of perplexed pain passed over his face, as
his hand soothingly parted his coat tails.
The look of bland surprise from the teacher
drew from him the blushing explanation that
he never could sit on a “cane seat.” A
wooden chair was at once offered him, into
which he dropped almost as swiftly as he
got out of it again. The instant he struck
on his feet, he shook his fist angrily
in the face of the astounded tutor, and
hoarsely shouting, I kin whip the pewser
lanermus man what stuck the pin in them
cheers,”he caught up his hat, and fled home.
“Lor’, Eben!” exclaimed his wife as he
tore into the house. What’s the matter
with you
Matter!” shouted the infuriated man as
he snatched off bis coat and flung it out of
the window, I have been made the fool of
the entire district by that sneakin’ teacher,”
and his Sunday hat flew through another
window. Pins stuck inter my cheer as I
was asettin down as onsupishus like as 1 am
asettin down now in my own
Lucretia he omniously howled, as he
sprung out of that chair, and spasmodically
went for the wounded part with both hands,
“You’re foolin' with your best friend now,
and he ain’t in the humor to stand the trflin.”
In an instantfit flashed into the good lady's
mind what tho trouble really was. In the
next instant Eben’s nether garment was over
her arm, and there— there in the midst of
the repairs glistened ,the source of all the
annoyance.
The unfortunate man gave one brief stare
at the evil thing, and falteringly remarked as
he thought of the future. “I’d agin twenty
dollars, Lucretia, if you hadn’t found it.”
The last joke at the expense of the French
Society for the Protection of Animals is to
the following effect A countryman, armed
with an immense club, presents himself be
fore the president of the society aud claims
the first prize. He is asked to describe the
act of humanity on which he founds his
claim. “I saved the life of a wolf,” replied
the countryman. “I might easily have killed
him with this bludgeon.” and he swings his
weapon in the air, to the intense discomfort
of the president. “But where was the
wolf inquires the later what had he done
to you “He had just devoured my wife,”
is the reply. The president reflects an in
stant and then says “Aly friend, I am of
the opinion that you have been sufficiently
rewarded.”
“Two Eastern men who came to Chicago
to see the ruins were in conversation yester
day on the corner of Aladision and Alarket
streets with a number of other persons about
the terrible disaster. Dne of them expressed
the greatest faith in Chicago’s enterprise and
energy, and remarked in seeing new buildings
springing up on every side “By gosh, Jim,
«ve’d better take a hack and drive round the
ruins right off, or Chicago ’ll be up before
we know it, and we shan’t see anything.”
The plucky way in which property holders
have gone to work astonishes all visitors,
thousands of whom have come to Chicago
purposely to see the wreck of the once migh
tj’ city.”— Chicago Journal.
It is said that once, in a company of litcr
erary gentlemen, Air. Webster was asked if
he could l>e both God and man. “No, sir,”
he replied, and ad led, “I should be ashamt d
to acknowledge Him as my Savior if I could
comprehend Him. If I could comprehend
Him, Ho could be no greater than myself.
Such is my sense of sin, aud consciousness
of ray inability to save myself, that I feel I
need a superhuman Savior, oue so great and
glorious that I cannot comprehend Hinn”
A young lady of Racine, Wie., died re
cently to all appearance, and the necessary
arrangements were made for the funeral.
Just as the burial service commenced, how
ever, a slight movement of thq body was
noticed, and to the surprise and joy of her
friends she opened her eyes and exhibited
manifest signs of life. She finally recovered
from her singular stupor, and is now enjoy
ing the best of health.
1 am rich enough, says Pope to Swift, and
can afford to give away a hundred pounds a
year. I would not crawl upon the earth
without doing a little good. I will enjoy
the pleasure of what I give, giving it alive
and seeing another enjoy it. When I die I
should be ashamed to leave enough for a
monument if there was a waiting friend left
above ground.
General Lemon arrived at St. Paul, Minn.,
from Fort Garry, on Wednesday evening,
and reports intense excitement prevailing at
VV innipeg on account of the recent gold dis
covery at Lake Shebondawin. Specimens of
dust, nuggets, and quartz have been brought
to Winnipeg. Hundreds are rushing to the
new gold fields.
Religious Item*.
.A clause permitting the taxation of church
and charitable property exceeding $5, ft oo in
value was one of the reasons of the defeat of
the new constitution in Nebraska.
The congregational churches in our State
have too many stated supplies. They
would be stronger and more thriving if a
larger proportion of them had pastors.
Ther is a “Mother in Israel,” living in
Niles, Michigan, who is one hundred and
nine years old. In a recent love-feast she
declared that she had enjoyed religion one
hundred years, and for that same period had
been a member of the Methodist church.
It is probable that she is the oldest church
member of any denomination in the world.
The German Catholics of Rome, N. Y.,
have recently had a split, and the more evan
gelical party of the two has broken away
from the Bishop and are building an Inde
pendent Catholic church. At the laying of
the corner stone, the 10th ult the Presby
terian minister of the place was invited to
make an address. A priest has been secured
of the order of Dr. Doellinger.
Panoramic.
A western lady fainted when her bonnet
caught fire. No wonder she felt light-head
ed.
Among the features of the Georgia Fair
will be a mule that can trot a mile under
three minutes.
Several cadets have been discharged from
the Military Academy by the Secretary of
Wai for treating with violence and harassing
other cadets.
In a libel suit against a newspaper at Lit
tie Rock, Ark., for $30,000, the plaintiff ob
tained $1 in damages.
The Crosby Opera House, destroyed in
Chicago, had just been decorated, newly
seated and fitted up, at an outlay of SBO,-
000
It is said that one of the richest men in
Chicago, who lost nothing by the fire, feels
that he is the poorest of its citizens.
Solon Robinson, the agricultural philoso
pher of the Tribune before Horace Greeley
tried his hand, was recently divorced from
his wife in an Indiana circuit court, on ap
plication of the lady herself. He abandon
ed her twenty years ago.
Were every man, woman and child in the
country to give one per cent, of what they
will spend this month for things they can do
without and hardly miss them, the amount
would rebuild Chicago in all Its material
prosperity—how man? times over 1
PAYABLE IIST ADVAN CE
WHOLE NO. 85
State Items.
The Grand Duke Alexis will visit Bridge
port.
A Waterbury man has raised a twenty
pound turnip.
A boy only 15 years old and weighing
310 pounds, is visiting friends in New Ha
ven.
Willis Steadman, ot Branford, while
ploughing recently, found an old pine tree
shilling, dated 1652.
It appears possible that Whittaker, the
man who was assaulted in Meriden, will re
cover from his wound.
The dry goods stolen from Miles Beards
ley’s store in Trumbull, were found secreted
under a barn in Bridgeport.
The New Haven town debt amounts.to
sl4 for each inhabitant, while hi Hartford
it amounts to $42 a head.
Charles B. Hawley, the Bridgeport man
whose legs were recently taken off by the
Housatonic cars, is going to get well.
The old Farmington church, built ir 1771,
is now in its centennial year. It is said that
the original shingles are now on the roof.
An insane girl, fifteen years of age, was
found m Hartford, Monday, and restored to
her mother, who took her to her home in
Killingly.
Wm. Hopkins of Newtowp, explained his
drunkenness to a Bridgeport court, by stating
that he couldn’t carry as much liquor as
when he was young.
A young hein ss at the Farmington Semin
ary, who was the possessor of half a million
two weeks ago, was reduced to absolute
p-jve>ty by the Chicago fire.
The well known stallion, General Sheri
dan, died suddenly in Stepney on the 22d.
He was valued at $6,00C, and might have
developed into a $25,000 animal.
A sad and fatal accident occurred in Terry
ville on Sunday week. A little girl four
years of aire, Jennie Gaylord, was found
dead, a large portable c.upooard having fal
len over upon her.
Mrs. Eliza Potter, of Bethlehem, aged
66, was found dead, on Sunday morning,
lying beside her bed. She had been unwell
for some time, and is supposed to have died
in an apopletic fit.
A building known as “the old stone fac
tory,” was burned in Bridgeport Wednesday
morning, by an incendiary. It was owned
by P. T. Barnum, w’ho offers ss<>o for the
detection of the party who filed it
A mortar abd pestle, of bell metal, used
by Benedict Arnold when a clerk with Dan
iel and Dr. Joshua Lathrop, at Norwich
Town, are now in the possession of Boswell
Huntington of Norwich and in daily use."
The Housatonic Water Company at An
sonia have leased ground and water to Wil
kinson Bros., of that place, who will at
once put up two large mills for the manufac
ture of manilla paper. Capital $125,000
Mr. R. Vining, proprietor of the Birmin
bam Hotel, shot an enormous Wild Cat, on
White Hills, about four miles west of this
place, on Monday of this week. It was an
ugly looking customer, and weighed 48
pounds.
Charles R. Thomas, a machinest ot Stam
ford, has presented the editor of the Advo
cate with a circle of silver the size of a three
cent piece, on which he has engraved the
Lord’s prayer twice, and so handsomely that
it can be easily read with the naked eye.
Three of the prominent men connected
with thelOneida Community, were in Bridge
port Monday, to consult with Mr. ^Bradley
H. Hull with reference to the construction
os a dam across the Quinnipaug river at W al
lingford, with the view of erecting a large
silk mill.
Robert Gibson, an Irishman, aged 45, em
ployed in the rubber factory of L. Candee
Co., New Haven, was caught Tuesday be
tween a huge iron and a smaller wooden rol
ler, at the bottom of one of the milting, ma
chines, and crushed to death before assist
ance could be rendered. The body was hor
ribly mangled. Gibson leaves a wife and five
grown up children.
No substantial clue has yet been obtained
to the Woodbury' burglary.
Rev. Murray of Boston, has bought a
horse of Sherman Woodruff, of Washington,
for S6OO.
An incendiary tire destroyed the barn be
longing to Mrs. Julia Lockwood, in Norwalk,
Saturday.
Keyser, temporarily of New York, is very
sick at his Norwalk residence, in consequence
of the “recent excitement.”
Redding with a population of not quite
two thousand has three deaf men who have
never been run over by the cars.
The father of little Jennie Gaylord who
was killed by a cupboard falling upon her,
has attempted to remove his grief byinking
his life.
Widow Emma Douglass, of Westport,
aged 89 years, who keeps house for her son,
has recently made a hundreds pounds of but
ter in a month, and twelve cheeses, besides
doing all the housework for herself and son,
who comprise the whole family. She also
made two coverlids one week. She has
been for more than sixty years a worthy
member of the Congregational chur:h in
Westport, and is a very diligent reader of
the Bible, which she reads daily in small
print without the use of glasses.
A well-informed writer says that more
than 150,000 acres of the best timber in
America are cut every year to supply the
demand for railwav sleepers alone.
A daughter of K. A. Hathaway of Hart
ford arose in her sleep, a few nights ago,
and, raising a window in the second story,
stepped out and fell to the ground. She was
considerably bruised but escaped without
broken bones.
According to the returns made to the Bu
reau of Statistics, the total number of immi
grants arriving at the port of New York du
ring the months of July and August last was
50,145, of whom 29,692 were males and 20^-
156 females.
A singular accident occurred in the streets
of London recently. A huge steam roller
was left standing in the street, while the
careless engineer v ent to dinner. Some
mischievous hoys got upon it, and by some
means managed to start it. The damage
done was considerable, the machine demol
ishing a large show window-, and otherwise
injuring the building into which it ran.
A paper, which doesn’t like Paducah, Kv.,
says: A Paducah man—a very liberal Padu
cah man—contributed a ten cent fractional
note to the Chicago aid fund yesterday. He
will probably boast of the munificent contri
bution all his life. He will have good reason
to do so, since he has contributed ten cents
more thau any other Paducahan.
C. T. Yerkes, jr. the defaulting stock
broker of Philadelphia, has been held in
$50,000 for a further hearing, on the com
plaint of Henry Huhn, President of the
Common Council, charging him with em
bezzlement and larceny.
In Woonsocket, R. 1., on Wednesday even
ing, Michael Hearne attempted to shoot of
ficer H. M. Pierce with a double barreled
gun. One cap was snapped, when the gun
was seized by the officer and broken in the
struggle. Hearne is in jail.
The last unrecognized victim of the Revere
railroad disaster has been identified as Mrs.
Locke, aged 55, of Lowell. She loft Lowell
to visit relatives in Lynn, and while her
friends in Lowell supposed she was in Lynn,
her relatives in Lynn were not aware she
had left home.
Corporation property valued at $5,000,-
000 was destroyed by the Chicago fire The
Chicago Relief and Aid Society, in reply to
inquiries, announce that for the preservation
of the health of the forty thousand people
under their charge beans, potatoes, onions
and straw beds are most urgently needed.
The New York city creditors having noth
ing else to do, are forming themselves*into
delegations for the purpose of visiting the
deputy controller to demand their pay. In
each case he is obliged to assure them that
they shall have justice at once, and money
when it is available.
Vicinity Items.