local ano State Netos.
The delightful weather of this Indian Sum
mer has not been surpassed for many years.
Charley Shay shows at Waverly Hall this
evening.
U. S. Marshal Marble, of Waldoboro', who
has been seriously ill with lung fever, is recov
ering.
There is a large and attractive exhibition of
fall and winter millinery at the establishment
of Soule Heed, on Water street.
There will be a brief session of the Gover
nor and Executive Council at the Council
chamber to-day.
The people of llullowell have large hearts
and warm houses when they undertake to en
tertain strangers.
The steam mill of the Kennebec Land
Lumber company, on the cast side of the river
in this city, will suspend business for the w in
ter in the course of a month.
The Eastport Sentinel has been greatly en
larged, dressed out in new type, and can now
be reckoned amsng the most attractive look
ing of our exchanges.
Lovers of the delicious and wholesome bi
valves called oysters, will always find a fresh
supply, just from the shell, at the old and well
known fish market of John D’Arthenay, Wa
ter street.
A nice old gentleman made the attempt on
Thursday last to hang the blinds of his house
upside down. As he lives not far from Oak
street, ami all the residents thereabouts being
of sober mind and habits, the circumstance
can hardly be accounted for.
This is the last night of the excellent theat
rical company at Granite Hall. A rich and
varied bill is presented, which should ensure
a large house. A matinee will be given this
afternoen, for the accommodation of ladies,
children and schools, when the great and ever
popular drama of “Unde Tom's Cabin” will
be brought out.
One of our citizens saw a freak of nature
the other day in the shape of a female child,
seven months old, whose head is 32 inches in
circumference. Its body weighs but seven
pounds. The child is represented to be per
fectly healthy and in every other respect like
other infants of its age. It was raised in the
vicinity of Jefferson. We see by the Press
that the child is now on exhibition in Port
land.
The Supreme Judicial Court was obliged
to adjourn on Thursday, from failure
of parties to get ready for trial. The
wheels of justice not only move slowly,
but sometimes stop altogether. The court
will convene Monday afternoon, but the
Judge will not allow further time to be lost
to accommodate delinquent suitors. If par
ties are not ready the criminal docket will be
disposed of and the court adjourned finally.
Tragedy at Lewiston.
A brief account of a tragedy at Lewiston
comes to us by telegraph. Yesterday two
girls whose names are unknown, were seen
at 1 •’clock in the afternoon, to leap into the
deepest channel wf the falls, with arms inter
locked. Their bodies had not been found at
last accounts. They removed their outer
clothing before taking the fatal leap, and left
it in a roll on the rocks.
A later despatch says that the clothing
found on the bank of the river belonging to
the two girls who committed suicide yesterday
has been identified as belonging to Ada
Brown of Buckficld, and Anna Wood of
Hartford. The bodies ligve not been re
covered.
Death of Gen. J. B. Bachelder.
We have to chronicle the sudden death of
General Janies R. Bachelder, that occurred at
his home in Readfield yesterday morning at
nine o'clock. Previous to the event he was
apparantly enjoying excellent health, and
arose yesterday morning at the usual hour,
and engaged in business about his premises.
His friend and neighbor, J. A. Sanborn, Esq.,
happening along about 9 o’clock, General
Bachelder went out to the road, and while
engaged in conversation with Mr. Sanborn,
tell back dead. There was not the slightest
struggle, and the countenance of the deceased
was natural and composed.
Gen. Bachelder was born in Brentwood,
N. II., in November, 1793, and was therefore
78 years of age. He came to Mt. Vernon in
this State, when about 11 years of age, a
poor boy, to live with an uncle, but soon
after went to llallowell, where he worked
his hoard at Dr. Page's atd attended the
Academy. Afterwards went into the store of
Dearborn Cooledge as clerk, and sometime
later was clerk for a time for Eben White.
When about 20 years of age went to Mt.
Vernon in partnership in trade with his
uncle, Mr. Robinson. When 22 years old he
married Charlotte Prescott of Chelsea, by
whom he had three children. One, a boy,
died in infancy. The next, and only surviv
ing child is Mrs. James Bell of Skowhegan.
A younger daughter, Pamelia married Dr.
John Hartwell of Winthrop, died 18 years
ago. Failed in business at Mt. Vernon, but
resumed again alone and prospered. Re
tmoved to Readfield Corner, in 1829, was ac
tively engaged from about that time and for
twelve years later as Deputy Sheriff', and for
eight years longer, us Sheriff He was also
about this time Colonel in the militia for
many years. In these offices particularly lie
became widely known for his unswerving in
t'grity, great energy and promptitude, com
bined with a kindness of heart and a bright
cheerfulness of manner that made him hosts
of steadfast friends. About 1832 his wife
died, and in 1835 he married the widow of
the late Mr. White of Monmouth, a most
estimable lady, who survives him at the age
of 80 years. He was Adjutant General
under Gov. A. P. Morrill, from 1851 to 1850.
A life long democrat, ho was one of the pio
neers of the republican party and has been an
ardent advocate of its principles. He has
also serve 1 lereral terms in the House of
Representatives. Dr. J. B. Bell of this city is
a grandson of the deceased.
Summary or Religious Utelllgrurc.
Rev. A. C. Thomas, the veteran Univcrsa
list clergyman, will lecture ’at the Winthrop
street church, in this city, on Tuesday eve
ning next, previous to which there will Is a
rounion of clergymen at the house of Kev.
G. \V. Quinby, editor of the Banner.
The Catholic chapel in Machiaa has been
undergoing repairs, and the grounds sur
rounding it graded and otherwise improved.
Twenty-six converts have joined the Con
gregationalist Church in Marshfield, as the
results of a summer revival in that town.
Kev. G. F. Stearns, of Kichmond, Swcden
borgian, is lecturing at Farmington on the
distinctive doctrines of the New Church.
Kev. T. J. True, pastor of the Methodist
Church at North Auburn, lias recently formed
a new class of fifteen members, in Turner
Village, a place where heretofore Mthodism
lias had no foothold.
Kev. Joseph Kolloeh lias resigned the pas
torate of the Second Baptist church nt Kock
land, wliiih he has held for 12 years. During
;his time he has married GOG pi "sons and
iff. ted at 1 _ 0 funerals. Mr. K. has not
been a week without ilie c« c of a chu'ch
•i ting upon him do the p i tth'.yone
years, and ha now piopo- s ;j nto some
:i t om these er.-es before resuming the
•pa- o*ul ofll e.
Kir. J. Prank Locke Ims 11signed the pas
01 ate of the Free Baptist church at South
Berwick, and desires correspondence witli
any church in want of a pastor.
A Young Men's Christian Association of
about thirty members lias just been started
at North Berwick. T. B. Hussey, Esq., is
President of this association.
The ordination of Hev. David N. Utter, as
pastor of the Unitarian Church in Belfast took
place on Tuesday evening.
The resignation of liev. J. II. Amies as
pastor of the Universalist church in Lewiston
will take effect about the first of January.
Rev. II. II. Ditchings, Iiector of St. John’s
Episcopal Church in Bangor, for some two
years past, preached his farewell sermon on
the last Sabbath. He has gone West.
Miss Laura Farnham of the 2nd Congrega
tional Church of New CaMle, was appointed
a few days ago as an assistant Missionary of
the American Board to Western Turkey'.
There is a dee]) religious interest prevail
ing in the Methodist church in Millbridge.
Rev. Mr. Harwood, pastor of the Baptist
church in Eastport, is aydungman of marked
talent and ability.
The Universalist society in Bath, one ol
the largest in the State, is hearing candidates
and obtaining such supplies from Sabbath to
Sabbath as will best subserve their interests.
The Episcopal society in Dexter have their
handsome church nearly finished. Hev. A.
N. Lewis, their pastor, intends to remove
from Dexter on account of the health of his
family.
Ti e Hev. Henry K. Craig, late of this State,
was installed as pastor of the First Congre
gational Church in Falmouth, Mass., on
Tuesday.
Mr. Harvey Linsley was ordained as pastor
of the Baptist church in Buckfield. on Wed
nesday last.
Rev. J. tV. Savage of Kennebunkport, re
moves to Kansas the present fall on account
of ill health.
Rev. Mr. Knuwlton of Calais, delivered an
excellent lecture on the subject of Intemper
ance at the Union Church last Sabbath eve
ning.
A meeting for pr.<yer and religious devo
tion was held Monday evening in a drinking
saloon at Littery Foreside: the proprietor
having, in imitation of the example of the
“wickedest man in New York,” invited a band
of church members to turn his establishment
into a prayer room ou certain evenings which
may best suit the convenience of both par
ties.
The Methodists of Eastern Maine talk of
erecting upon the grounds of Bucksport
Seminary, a suitable monument to the mem
ory of Rev. Jas. B. Crawford, who died while
principal of the institution. Two hundred
dollars have already been raised toward the
amount.
The Bible Society of Maine or Cumberland
County Society, have employed Mr. Henry
B. Smith to canvass this city, and furnish
families with the Bible when any are found
not supplied.
Rev. L. F. Mclvenney of the Universalist
Church in Bridgton, recently preached a
bold and fearless discourse to young men, in
which he warned them in an earnest manner
to avoid the evils which follow in the train of
the wine-cup.
seventeen statues ct lite-size, tigures of
the apostles anil saints, for the 11. C. Cathe
dral on Cumberland street in Portland, arrived
last week and will be placed in position in
the church. Statues of Peter, Paul, Joseph
and Patrick and the Virgin Mary already or
nament the interior of this splended edifice.
Some of the Sunday schools of Lewiston
are making an effort on behalf of the fund foi
re-building the Moody Mission church in
Chicago.
The Abyssinian Church, Portland, (col
ored), is flourishing under the faithful and
efficient pastorate of Kev. Samuel Harrison.
Mr. Harrison is a man of great moral worth,
an esteemed pastor, and excellent preacher.
The Baptist people of Sherman, Aroostook
county, have put a brick basement under
their church and made some other improve
ments.
The Methodist Society in Dexter have raised
their church building and,arc putting a vestry
under it.
Kev. Mr. Harwood of the Baptist Church
in F.astport, baptised four young ladies last
Sabbath.
Mr. Edward K. Osgood, preaching at East
Macliias and Mr. Keuben D. Osgood, his
brother, preaching at Topfield, were last week
ordained to the work of the Christian ministry.
Kev. Mr. Plummer, for several years the
pastor of the Congregational church in Ath
ens, has accepted the call to the pastorate of
the Congregational church in Tremont, Han
cock county, and has already gone, with his
family, to his new field of labor.
Kev. A. N. Lewis will close his connection
with, the parish of the Church of the Messiah
in Dexter, to-morrow.
One of the most desirable public houses in
Boston is the Parks House, 187 Washington
street. It is kept on the European plan, is
centrally located for business or pleasure and
sufficiently removed from the street to secure
comtort and quiet. Mr. Boynton has had a
large experience in the business, and is per
ectly familiar with the wants of the traveling
public.
Halford Leicestershire Table Sauce, the
best article for family use.
A Lifetime devoted to the study of the
wants of the traveling public has given the
American House, Boston, through its veteran
landlord, Lewis Rice, a wide and enviable
reputation. Newly furnished, and supplied
with nil modern improvements.
Church Directory.
ORTHODOX CONGREGATIONAL.—Granite Ch
State st., between Bridge and Oak streets. No
pus-tor. Morning service 10.30 A. M. Evening
preaching service at 7 o’olock P. M. Preaching
to-morrow by Rev. Prof. W. M. Barbour of Ban*
gor.
FIRST BAPTIST,—Comer Wintbrop and Perham
sts. J. Ricker, pa-tor; residence 29 Oak street.
Morning nervine 10.30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 P.
M. Evening 7 I*. M. Preaching to-morrow by
the pastor.
FREE BAPTIST,—State street, north of Bridge.
C. F. Penney, pastor; residence Summer street.
Morning service 10.30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 P.
M. Evening 7 1*. M. Preaching to-morrow by
t he n.fvtor.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL,—Green street,east ot
state. E. Martin, pastor; residence at the par
sonage, next door to the church. Morning ser
vice 10.30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 P. M. Evening
TP M. Preaching io- n»o ow by the pa-do:.
PjM >'l L^T A NT EPi>COI*AL,—Stale* si., oeiween
o. and Wintbrop. Rev. Mr. l ojohn. rector.
Mo vice 03.0 A. M. Evenin’, service 7 P.
M n* no. ow bv the ie< ior.
L i v El' L t lt o.. VV..HiirO|» a in Summer sfs,
C. 1.’. Moor, pa-to residence Wininroo t,
be'ow Mojnin: «eiva*e .o. o A M.
i *»oo v.< e .1 11 A. M. I’ c.i aing
|o. |M, ,i\\ y m* ;i-tO•*.
L’NI I Ri A N.— to; oer Ou*. and State sts. No
CATHOLIC,—Stale st., north of Bridge. Rev. Mr.
O’Brien, priest; residence near the church.—
Preaching to-morrow by tin* priest.
Y. M. C. A.—Rooms in Darby Block, Water Street.
Regular weekly prayer meeting every Monday
evening at 7X o’clock. Mission Sunday School
every Sabbath morning at o’clock. Religious
exercises every Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Rooms open to ali.
The Congregational, First Baptist, Free Will
Baptist and Methodist Churches hold social con
ference meetings in their vestries every Wednes
day evening, at seven and one h If o’clock.
NORTH AUGUSTA,—M. E. CHURCH.—Rev. F.
W Smith, pastor; residence at the nasonage, next
door north of the church. Preaching every .Sab
bath at 10.3b A. M. Sabbath School at 12 M.
Prayer meeting at G P. M. Preaching to-inorrow
l.v the pastor.
MKT 11 GDI ST EPI SCO P A L, H AI .LOW EL L —Rev
M. C«iu sens, pastor; residence opposite church.
Morning service, 10.30; Afternoon service. 2.30;
Sabbath School 1.15 P. M. Preaching to-mor
row by the pastor.
SOUTH PARISH CONGREGATIONAL, HALLO
WELL.— Rev. C. G >lc< ully, pastor; morning
service 10 30; afternoon service 2.30. Sunday
School 1.15 P. M.
BAPTIST CHURCH, IIALLOWELL.— Rev. A. R.
Crane, pastor. Morning service 10.30; afternoon
service 2.3o. Preaching to-inorrow bv the pastor.
FREE BAPTIST KURCII, H ALLOWELL.—Rei.
Mr. Heath, pastor. Services at usual hours.
UN IVER- LISTCIH R( II. I! A I.LOWELL -Rev.
Mr. Paine, pastor. Services every Sunday,
knights of Cartilage.
MOUNT NEBO ITADEL.—Regular Convocation
each Friday evening at Darby Hall, until (cither
notice.
Ma&oolr Directory.
BETHLEHEM LOPgE, No. 35, F. and A. M.
Stated meetings lirst Monday of each month.
Special meetings on Monday evenings. Goo. P.
Haskell, Master. B. Quinhy, Secretary.
AUGUSTA LODGE, No. Ill, f. A. M. Stated
'meetings first Tuesday of each month. Special
meetings every Tuesday evening. F. R. Part
ridge, Master. E. F. Bfa<knian, Secretary.
TRINITY COMMANDERS. No. 7, Knights Tem
plar. Stated meetings Friday on or before the
full moon of each month. A. I). Knight, Eminent
Commander, o. B. Ouiiibv, Recorder.
JERUSALEM ROYAL ARCH CHAPTER—Meets
at Hallowell. stated convocations Thursday on
or before the full moon of each mopth. Sam
uel W. Lane, High Priest.
ALPHA COUNC IL—Meets at Hallowed. Qnar
terly Convocations, .January, April, July, Oc
tober; Wednesday succeeding full moon. 1).
Cargill, Thrice Illustrious Master.
fHarrirt.
In Rockl ind. 2:uh nit., Horace W. lark to Miss
Azori I.. Wheeler, both of >t. George; 31st ult.. C.
L. Ash to Mi.-s R. Frances E. Harden; 1-t ult.
Jam.*- Perry to Mrs. Fraltffcs Williams, both of
Rockland: 2Rh ill E 11 Waldron, of Camden to
Miss Aliva L. Packard, of Rockland; 25th ult. A.
s. Tolman to Mi-s Clara B. Turner, both of Rock
land.
In Denmark. 21st ult Geo. L. Small, of West
brook. t«» Mis- .Josejdiine Warren, of Denmark
In Boston, 18th lilt s. I». Seavey. state- Prison
Ofticer, formerly of Harrison, to'Miss Mary E.
Cogg swell. daughter of Rev. J. Ii. Coggswell of
Bridgewater, Me.
In south Paris, 18th ult.. Charles 8. Clark to Miss
Sarah R. Cummings, both of Paris.
DU®.
In South Paris. 22d in-t., while on a visit to her
daughter. Mrs. Robert .-killings, Mrs. Sarah P.
Dunham of Turner, aged 71 years, 11 months.
In Oxford. 17th ult.. very suddenly. Stephen Wa
terhouse. formerly of Ilarnson.
In Chesterville,’ June 7th, .Mr.-. Sarah W. Stincli
flelil, aged 75 years.
In Turner, il-t ult., Dea. David Barker, aged 78
year-. 1 months. 21 days.
In Lewiston, 2Jth ult., of consumption, Walter A.
Moulton, aged 28 years, G months,22 days.
GRANITE HALL.
J. f. Myers A J. II. Huntley, Managers.
Throe Nights Only
And Olio Mntlncc.
Engagement of
F’anny Herring,
THE PET OF TIIE PUBLIC anil the STAR OF
THE EAST. Sui)ported by the Metropolitan Thea
tre Company. Also
F. A, MI LLER,
The renowned solo violinist. Full Brass Rand
Orchestra.
Saturday Evening, November 4th, 1871,
Miss Fannie Herring in two of her favorite char
acters,
JACK SHEPARD!
-and
JB N3XT Y IjINTD!
Prices an I'»ual.
Tickets for sale now at J. F. Pierce’s Book Store.
Saturday Afternoon at 2 1-2 o'clock.
GRAND MATINEE.
Prices reduced. II. W. MAYNARD, Agent.
ocfcW-t7t
KENNEBEC SAVINGS BANK.
DoiionUn made on or before the
FTr*$t Monday of any month
will l>c* dated buck totheFlrbt
day of the Name montli.
On Fir.-t Monday in May and November of each
year a dividend of the Net earnings of the Bank
will be made; on all deposits standing at thos e dates,
which have been on deposit one full month.
Dividends as soon as declared arfe added to the
principal, thus compounding the interest every «ix
months.
Loans made to depositors on depositing their
Rank Book as security.
Office in Freeman’s Hunk Iluildiiig.
J. L. ADAMS, Troasurer.
sepS-tAwdm
UK. W. 15. I. A PHAM,
Physician and Surgeon,
AUGUSTA.
Oinoe, Moonlun Hall IlulUlIiiyc,
Water Street.
Residence:
Jo. 112 Grove street.
(Jlllce hours :-8 to 10 A. M., and 2 to 3 P. M.
Augusta, Aug. 9,1871. Om wOiu
MAGEE
PORTA HI. K HAVtiiE,
Ahead of all others.
A. Pi COULD,
It hour North of Itailroad llri.lgf,’)
Water street, Augusta.
norS-ttf
!BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal,
EUROPEAN NEWS, Sic.
Loxdox.
London, 3. The distinguished painter
Landseer is seriously ill. The disarmament
of the National Guards of Toulouse is satis
factorily begun. IntelligeBce from Algeria
announces the entire suppression of the in
surrection. The natives are generally resum
ing agricultural labors.
The Italian government contemplates the
fortification of the Alpine passes, at a cost of
seven millions of francs.
Jieivs from Boston.
Boston, 3. Chas. H. Ward of the late
banking firm of Mellen Ward &Co., sentenced
to three years imprisonment in June 1870, for
embezzling government bonds, was to-day re
leased on pardon of President Grant.
The fishing schooner I). C. Woodbury,
Oapt. Gray, of Gloucester, was seized on the
27th on charge of smuggling gin into Castine
from Halifax.
News From Washington.
Washington. 3. President Grant has issued
a proclamation revoking the provision of a
former proclamation suspending the exercise
of the writ of habeas corpus in Marion
county, South Carolina, it having been ascer
tained that combinations and unlawful con
spiring do not exist to the extent recited. A
contrary state of affairs existing in Union
county, the President commands that such
unlawful combinations and conspiracies
therein, to disperse peacably within five days,
and deliver up their arms, ammunition, dis
guises, &c., to the proper authorities.
The commissioner of pensions having in
vestigated the case of Col. Forbes, pension
agent at Philadelphia, reports a clear defal
cation of 833,000 without the slightest miti
gating circumstances. He of course will be
removed.
News From California.
San Francisco, 3. Judge Dwinell has ren
dered a proforma decision affirming the va
lidity of special assessments on stockholders
of Insurance Co.’s levied to make good the
capital impaired by the Chicago fire losses.
The failure of the bank of John Sime Co.,
of San Francisco, and Hastings Co., of
Sacramento has caused a run on the Odd
Fellpw's Savings Bank of Sacramento, which
quickly subsided however, all the demands
being promptly met. The San Francisco
Savings Bank continue loaning or real estate
at!) per cent.
News from New York.
The superintendent of police has ordered
the whole police force on duty on election
day. to matatain order. Under the regula
tions, each candidate is allowed to have a
friend present to see fair play in court.
I he committee of seventy has arranged to
have Judge Learned of the Supreme court
sit the whole day. independent of the usual
occupants of the Bench, to protect honest
voters in their rights. Mayor Hall's chief
clerk in a letter to the press, promises on the
part of the mayor, prompt investiga'ion of
all complaints made by citizens against in
pectors or other poll officers.
Judge Barnard has issued an order com
pelling the placing of boxes at the polls for
the reception of votes fos assistant aldermen.
An order was also granted for the mayor to
show cause on Monday why he does not re
move the present inspectors of election and
appoint others, in conformity] with the law.
About two thousand young men have been
enrolled as watches of the polls_on the part of
rhe committee of seventy.
Judge Barnard to-day stated in court that
he was detegnined to stop imprisonment for
debt or as witnesses, and that he had no
doubt the murderers of Nathan and Bogers
would have been discovered but for fear on
the part of some one who had seen them.
Judge Cardozo to-day vacated the injunc
tion granted by him yesterday against the
Mercantile Fire Insurance Company and dis
charged the Receiver, he proving that the
company’s cash assets above the capital of
8100,000, are 803,000, and that at the worst
afrer paying all claims 75 yer cent of the
capital will be intact, even after reinsuring.
The board of fire underwriters to-day pro
tested against Cardozo's action of yesterday
as an outrage, declared the company per
fectly safe, and took action looking to a
modification of the laws so as to render such
proceedings impossible hereafter.
The superintendent of the insurance de
partment has at $he request of the Conti
nental Insurance Company investigated its
adairs, and finds its capital unimpaired, and
that it holds a large surplus above all claims
for losses by Chicago.
Deputy Comptroller Green to-day paid
8110,000 to the department of parks for the
payment of laborers.
It is decided that if Alexis arrives by
Tuesday a parado will be held on Wednes
day. If he lands before Tuesday he goes
incognito to Washington until the election is
over.
A writ of error has been granted by Judge
Ingraham in the case of liosenzweig, pro
viding for a review of the case before the
Appellate court. The process is returnable
at the next supreme court general term.
The Heather.
War Detartment, 1
Office of the Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Nov. 8.—7 P. M. J
Probabilities.
The highest pressure will probably con
tinue on Saturday in New England with
north winds and pleasant weather. The
cloudiness in South Atlantic will extend to
New York during Saturday with light easter
ly winds. An area of the low barometer will
extend over Lakes Michigan and Huron, wi.h
easterly winds, varying to the south from
I.ake Erie to Illinois, and to Mackinaw.
Northerly winds will continue in Wisconsin.
Partially cloudy and clearing weather will
prevail on the Gulf coast west of Florida.
Dangerous winds are not anticipated for to
night ou our coast.
Fever.
Charleston, S. C., 3. There were four
deaths from yellow fever to-day.
Telegraph News In General.
Lowell, Mass., 3. The republican of the
29th district, ward 3, held a caucus to-night
to nominate a representative. The check list
was used, and it was voted that none but re
publicans be allowed to vote. The friends of
Mr. Clias. Crowley, the labor reformer were
present, but the stringent application of the
i traight republican vpte prevented many of
his supporters from voting. The result was,
Tappan Wentworth 94, E. C. Kice 78, and
Chas. Crowley 50. lion. Tappan Wentworth
was declared the nominee. Hon. E. Patch
having declined the democratic nomination
for Senator in the 7th district, Hon. E. A.
Alger was substituted.
The Honorary members of the Sargent
Light Guards to-day finished their target
practice. Major M. Douvan won the 1st
prize, a china tea set, aud P. J. Carr the 2d
an easy chair.
Atlanta, Ga., 3. The Georgia legislature 1
to-day reorganized. Henj. Conley republican,
as acting Governor. A bill for a special
election for Governor in December was in
troduced. A resolution was passed branding
as false, Governor Bullock's allegations, that
the assemblv meant to impeach him without
investigation, and that people did not respect
the constitution and recognise the results of
war.
Jacksonville, Fla., 3. Dr. King of the
United States Navy, accused of the murder
of chief engineer, Kellogg at Key West last
winter was tried in Manatee county and ac
quitted yesterday.
Cincinnatti, Ohio, 3. B. F. Randolph
charged with murdering his wife attempted
sucide in Deleware county jail last night, and
then confessed (hat he murdered his wife
by strangulation.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL.
New York money market.
Saw York. November3.
Gold closed at 111*
United States Sixes (coupons), 1881 116*8
5-20’s 1862, 111*9
1864, 111*8
1865, 112 9
1865, Jan. A July, 113*a
1867, 114*8
1868 113*9
10-40’s,(coupons)f 10W*g
Pacifl sixes, 8
Centra Parities 102* a
Union *09
New York Stock Market.
New York, November, 3.
Murii>osa 1, ilo phi., 1?*; Canton Co. 70i* Cun-,
berlaml Co. 38 Western Union Tel. Co., 02
Quicksilver Mining Co„ 175*; Pacific Mail, 405*;
liu-ton Water Power, 38 Adams 1-ix. Co.. 845*;
Wells, Fargo A Co., 31 American Merchants Cn
57‘,; U. 8. Ex. Co., 68>< N. Y. Central A Hudson
Itiver, 90!, do. scrip. 855*; Erie, 285* do. pfd.(SI
Uarlem, 1-235*; do. pfd 1235*; Reading. 108?,'; Mich.
Central, HOI* Lake .Shore and Michigan southern
loo>*; Illinois Central 128 jCIevcland A Pittsburg,
125?*; Chicago A Nortli Western, 00;* do. pfd 80
Chicago A Hock Island, 1015*; Mil. A M. Paul 57
do. pld., 77?« Toledo, Wabash A Western, CO1*
do. pfd 80 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 80 Terre
Haute, 17 do. pfd 50; Alton, 113 do, pfd lit)
Ohio A Miss., 381, Boston, Hartford A Erie. 25*.
New York Produce Market.
Nrw York, November, 3.
COTTON—sales 1878 bales: mid. uulunds 185*.
FLOUR—8000; state 585# 720; round hoop Ohio
07787-20 western 5 8Ug7 00; southern O.-Oaa 25.
W HEAT 1212500 bu; No.2 spring 14781 50 ;uew
eo do ;wmier red andamber western 54 858.
COltN—88U00 uewr mixed western 70 all u;
00
OATS—sales 18000 western 50#51
PORK— new mess, #13.25. old, 13.25
JU.uo. prime,
kr-'i^-vo r? steam; 95* 8105* kettle, 105*.
BC 11EK—55 eat n, 1*#22; stule, 1583U.
WHISKEY Western lYee, 91
KK1CE—Carolina, 7>, 881*
8CUAH Porto Rico, a Muscovado,85*#9>*"
Chicago Produce Market.
Chicaoo, November 3.
FLOUR—spring extras
WHEAT—No. 2,1*15, a 12*
CORN—481*
OATS- 295* for No. 2
KYE-Nof 2,00
BARLEY-53 for No. 2.
MESS PORK— 12.75
LARD-8
LIVE HOGS—425.
RECEIPTS—7uuo Dour, 40.000 wheat 91,000 corn
s.ooii oats, 87000 barley, lo.ooo lings.
SHIPMENTS—5000 flour, 04,ooo corn 10,000 oats
14700G barley 15,000 hogs.
Cincinnati Produce Marktt
Cincinnati, November 3.
MESS POltK—12 50
LARI) 95*.
BULK MEATS—sides 7
BACON—shoulder, 7 clearrib Asides 77*
WHISKEY-88.
STATE NEWS.
The Farmington Chronicle understands
that the people of Phillips and vicinity are
working with zeal to have the Androscoggin
Railroad extended from Farmington to
Phillips. John Reed has already commenced
a survey of the route.
There are about five prisoners in the York
county jail at Alfred.
A Mr. Stover of New Sharon, a few nights
since, had twenty-four turkeys—his whole
Hock—killed by a fox. He was an eye wit
ness to the slaughter, but was unable to
prevent it.
The Portland Press is informed that otle
day last week Mrs. Gould, of Cape Elizabeth,
accidentally ran the points of u pair of scis
sors into the palm of her hand. She dressed
the wound and thought nothing more about
it. Two days afterward lockjaw supervened
and she died. Her husband is absent at sea.
\Ym. N. Harvey of Bangor, has obtained
a patent on a lubricator for axles and other
spindles. Under date of Nov. 7 204 patents
will be issued. During the past week 270
applications and 27 caveats were filed.
Skowhegan traders are advertising goods
at “grasshopper prices.”
The Anson Advocate learn that the town
meeting at Norridgewock, Monday, to see if
the town would endorse or purchase 830,000
of the mortgage bonds of the Somerset rail
road, resulted in an adjournment without ac
tion, and that the Directors have “concluded”
to seek a conference with the Maine Central,
with a view to a change of base—a sage con
clusion, though ungraciously reached at the
eleventh hoar.
1 he Progressive Age says that the first
earload of slate from the newly opened quarry
of Messrs. Forbes, Lane and others in L'nity
Plantation was brought down last week. It
is smooth and handsome and of excellent
quality. Some twenty men are now employed
in the quarry and are getting out the slate
quite rapidly.
Nearly thirty-four million feet more lum
ber was surveyed in Bangor, during the ten
months ending Oct. 31st, than in the same
months of last year, and about thirty-seven
million feet more than in the corresponding
months in ltiti!).
The Jameson Guards of Bangor are to
practice target shooting next week tor a
prize.
The subject of erecting a steam mill, for
grinding corn, planing and other purposes, is
being agitated at Winterport.
Henry, son of Henry Whelpley, Esq., of
this town, was shot, while on a visit at Perry,
on Saturday last, by a lad named Boss. The
twa boys had been out gunning in the fore
noon, but in the afternoon Boss went out
alone. He returned with two partridges,
which he laid on the ground. Young Whelp
ley took up one and said “What would you
do if I should run oil with this?” Boss re
plied that he would shoot him. Whelpley
started toward the house with the partridge,
and Boss fired, the shot striking Whelpley in
several places; fortunately no shot struck a
vital pari of the body. Young Whelpley was
brought home by his father on Sunday. There
was no intention on the part of Boss to shoot
his companion.—[Eastport Sentinel,
Measures are in progress for the organiza
tion of a Boating Asociation in Bangor.
O’Niel W. Bohinson, the Portland forger,
has been arrested.
The catalogue of the Maine Central Insti
tute|at Pittsfield has been published. The
summary shows an attendance during the
year as follows College preparatory course,
35; Ladies'course, 37; Normal department,
63; Academical, 175. Tho aggregate attend
ance for the year was 380. The school is
under the charge of Geo. B. Files, A. B.
and E. Eugene Wade, A. B., graduates of
Bates, and is attaining a high rank among
tho educational institutions of the State.
The Lewiston Journal learns that a new
brick cotton mill is to be built in that city,
'eM9n> to be called “Androscoggin No.
A- It will be erected on the Androscoggin
Corporation, near No. 2 Mill. It will be of
the same size of No. 2 Mill, and will increase
the capacity of the corporation to 60,000 spin
dles—an Increase of 10,000 spindles or of
twenty per cent.
A Thomaston correspondent of the Rock
land Gazette says it is proposed to start the
third shoe factory in the town, two of which
have already been organized. Mr. Howe of
Marlboro,’ Moss., has made very favorable
proposition to our citizens in regard to taking
charge and establishing the factory. It is
said that Hon. A. P. Gould and others, are
to head this enterprise.
Rrick work on City Buildings in Lewiston
wiil l.e completed in about two weeks. The
main walls are nearly complete already.
NEWS BY MAIL..
It is rumored that Bismarck offers Metz,
dismantled, for Pondicherry or Cochin-China.
Joseph F. Joy has been elected president of
the Panama railroad, vice David Hoadley, re
signed.
The new Roosevelt hospital in New York,
erected with a million of dollars, left by the
late James H. Roosevelt, was formally opened
yesterday.
President Thiers, it is said, uncertain of
his tenure of life, lias made a political will,
hoping to secure succession in the presidency
for Casimir Pereire.
It has been officially determined to arm the
State national guard of New York with the
Remington breech-loaders. The complement
will be completed by Jan. 1.
In New York, on Thursday, Nov. 17, will
be the grand Swiss celebration of the five
hundred and fifty-sixth anniversary of the in
dependence of Switzerland. The banner to
be presented is to be brought from Switzer
land.
A deputation of Americans yesterday wait
ed upon Mr. Washburne, the American min
ister in Paris, and presented him with a ser
vice of plate, as a recognition of his services
to his countrymen daring the siege and under
the Commune.
The reform meeting in New York Thurs
day evening was the largest gathering of
masses of respectable people of the city ever
held. The speeches of Joseph Choate,
Evarts, Samuel Tilden and others, were cn
thusiastially received, and the meeting sepa
rated with great harmony. In the course of
his speech Mr. Choate read the following
amidst cheers “I am requested to state that
the political funeral of Win. M. Tweed will
take place at the new County Court House,
in this city, on Tuesday. Nov. 7th. Rev. Ed
ward Pierrepont will officiate. The hymn to
be sung is that good old tune by Dr. Watts
‘Believing, we rejoice to see the cuss re
moved.’ Archbishop O'Connor, with seventy
assistants, will conduct tlie services. The text
for the sermon will be taken from the Gospels
‘Lord by this time he stinketh.’ This
congregation are requested to attend.”
Choate’s statement that the fight between the
wings of the republican party that heretofore
had refused to flutter, tly or even Hop to
gether, had been conciliated and on Tuesday
the lions of the Custom House and the lambs
of Horace Greeley would go to bed together,
elicited uproarious cheers, long continued.
A New York special says The feeling in
the city is intense. The Ring are making
desperate efforts to carry the election by
fraud. All inspectors and canvassers are ap
pointed by Mayor Hall, and the most of them
are men in the interest of the Ring. Instead
of registering the name of voters in a book,
as heretofore, they take the names upon a slip
of white paper. If the citizen objects, he is
kicked out by the police, who ’are acting in
the Tammany interest, and implicitly obey
Tweed’s orders. Many repeaters are already
registered, some in a dozen districts. It is
said that 500 Philadelphia roughs have been
imported and quartered at various hotels in
the interest of the Ring, from which they are
registered and from which they intend to vote.
There is no thoroughly organized effort to
defeat the schemes of the Ring. Many citi
zens aver their determination to stand at the
polls, revolver in hand, and prevent fraud if
possible. The law requires the poll lists to
be sent to the Aldermen in each ward, and a
copy of the same to be sent to police head
quarters. The Aldermen and the police
Commissioners are willing tools of the ring;
they have changed the lists repeatedly here
tofore, and have it in their to do so again.
The canvassers are the Board of Aldermen,
acting as a board of Supervisors. Everybody
anticipates a riot on election day. Bloodshed
is certain in the 7th Senatorial District, where
Peter B. Sweeney’s brother-in-law is runniug
against sheriff- O’Brien. All the police that
can be implicitly trusted by Tammany have
been transferred to that district. The worst
thieves in the city are nightly parading the
streets in political processions.
Elastic Sponge
Mattresses,
Pillows,
Pew Cushions,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THE BALE OR POUND.
We invite the public to call ami examine our
“Elastic Sponge” goods, which we are now selling
in large quantities, and which are giving great
satisfaction.
Sponge makes a softer Mattress than Hair, and
will hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushion
ing Churches, Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse
Cars, it will be found the best article in use, and
is warranted proof against moths.
We should be pleaded to semi Circular of refer
ence to any who desire,
Haley, Morse Co.
SOLE AI.I ATS FOH X. E. STATES,
411 Washington Street, Boston.
nov3-tAw4w
PEER LESS
PARLOR COAL
STOVES,
You will never regret buying it.
A. P. GOULD,
WATER ST., NEAR R. R. BRIDGE,
AUGrWTA.
nov3-ttf,
Notice to Teachers”
riMIE Superintending School Committee of Au
X gusta will be in session at the
Council Chamber, Granite Building,
Wednesday, Nov. 8th, at 9 o’clock P. M., and each
succeeding Wednesday for three weeks, for the
purpose of examining teachers for the winter
schools.
C. F. PENNEY, Supt. School
DAVll) CAUDILL, Committee
GEO. E. WEEKS, )of Augusta.
Augusta, Oct. 25, 1871.
oct2b-w9Wflw
THE RISING SUN
Stove Polish.
For BttLLIANCY, SAVING of LABOR, DURA
BILITY, and CHEAPNESS, UNEQUALLED. lu
bulk for stove-dealers use at 11 cts. jior lb.
MORSE BllON. Props,!
0CtU-t&wl2w CANTON, Mass.
EXCELLENT BARGAINS.
Prices l,off ami Terws F.a*j.
A TWO STORY IlOt’hE, with L, 3rooms: good
cellar and cistern; new stable; largo lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A cottage house of seven rooms, ami lot.
Several line building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
E. W. WIIITEHOU9*.
Office Freemans Bank Building,
sep5f _ Augusta. Maine.
AG-B3\TOY OP TUB
Downer Patent Mineral Sperm
OIL!
Olrmotly Opposite Post Office
This Oil gives a strong and easy light withont
odor, at a cost of bait a Cent per hour. It is posi
tively NON-EXPLOSIVE, and should alighted lamp
get broken, the oil will extinguish the flames. It
has the highest commendation from Insurance and
Railroad officials, and is used by them in place of
Kerosene oil, on account of its Rafety and superior
light.
Please Call and Nee the Light.
It is adapted to tho German Student Lamp, the
Dual and Argand Burners.
Lamps and Burners
In Great Variety, at wholesale and retail. Orders
for the trade promptly filled and goods forwarded
direct from Boston at manufacturer’s prices.
J. G. HOLCOMB.
Augusta, Nov. 3,1871. ftf
A RELIABLE SECURITY
The first mortgage
7 PER CENT. GOLD BONDS OF
THK
Burlington, Mar Rapids ami Minn. R. R,
YIELD OVER 9 PER CENT
in currency, on Subscription Price.
The Chicago, Burlington A Quincy Road has con
tracted, by a traffic guarantee, to invest one-hal
their gross earnings derived from this road, in the
Bonds of this company; which makes a ready mar
ket at all times for these bonds.
They are a first mortgage on a completed road
running through the richest region in the west mak
ing the shortest line from the Great Northwest to
Chicago and St. Louis.
The present earnings, in the dullest season of the
year, pay over 12 per cent on the mortgage debt.
The loan is nearly placed.
The small balance, is now offered at 00 and ac
crued interest in currency, by Banks and Bankers
generally, and
HENRY CLEWS A CO.
32 Wall Street.
hai rc
VEGETABLE SICILIAN
HAIR
ZtENEWER.
ima proven itself to be the most perfect preparation
for the hair ever offered to the public to
Bestore Gray Hair to Its Original dolor.
ami create a new growth where it has fallen off
from disease or natural decay.
It will prevent the Hair from falling out.
All who use it are unanimous in awarding it the
praise of being the beet Hair Dressing extant.
Our Treatise on the Hair sent free by mail.
MANUFACTURE® ONLY BY
R. P• HALL A CO., Nashua, N. II., Proprietors.
For sale by all druggists. 4w44
Moorlen Morse,
M acliinists.
MANUFACTURE US OF
Steam Engines,
Steam Pumps.
Circular Saw Mills,
Saw Arbors, Shafting, &c.
Also Agents for .Jmlson’s Patent Governor.
Printing Presses,
Mowing Machines,
Fire Engines,
and Hose
repaired at abort notice, All lull work done an
ordered. .JOUKNAI, BITCHING,
Water St.. Augusta, Me.
F. MOORLEN, F. H. MOUSE.
oetl'I-wiw
1871. FALL and WATER. 1871.
Woodman, True Co.,
JOBUBB8 OB
DRY GOODS
—AND—
WOOLENS.
Have in store and arc constantly receiving THE
LATEST STYLES in
FOREIGN and DOMESTIC
DRY GOODS,
In greater variety than ever before offered to the
TRADE IN MAINE.
Woodman, True <’o.,
CORNER MIDDLE A PEARL ST.,
POKTt^S.XD, .1I.Mi.XMS.
2m3ti
His Stock embraces a fine line ol
American and Swiss Watches,
a gold and silver case, including the celebrated
National or Elgin Watch, Walthaun, Tremont, Bor
iuin, Bonnett, Pardeaux, Jacot, &cM in both La
ies’ and gentlemen’s sizes.
Fine Gold %Towelry,
Solid Gold Leoniton
Vest and Neck Chains,
STERLING COIN SILVER GOODS
FINE PLATED WARE,
SPECTACLES AND EYE BLASSES,
of the moat approved kinds.
CLOCKS OF ALL KINDS.
including the celebrated ITHACA CALENDAR
all of which will oe sold at the
Lowest Prices, ami Warranted.
Particular attention given to repairing all kind*
of Fine Watches. Chronometer Balances applied
and adjusted to temperature and position, li.ui.ou
Henry 0. A. A. Mrfiols,
Masons Slaters.
All work in their line done promptly audingood,
workmanlike manner, by the day or Job.
49-Particular atlenlionlpaid to C'EMKNTiso Cu
TK1INS, C'KLLAKS, Ac.
Orders left at store ot A. P. GOULD, Aral door
above It. K. Bridge, promptly attended to.
HKNttV o. NICHOLS. ALBCKT A. NICHOLS
A.TJGTJBTA, AX3D,
mayildiinili