A_ HOME JOURNAL.
I’BxcnirTiny rates.
rnrec Months. #SO
H,x 1.00
Ono tear. 2.00
ei -willbo sent from this office unless paid
POSTAGE.—Papers sent Free to any part of Fair
Held County to any other address, 20 Cents per an
aum payable at the Office where received.
HOME NEWS AND GOSSIP.
Wednesday, November 1.1871.
—The Kenosia base ball club is not disor
ganized, but simply disbanded for the win
ter.
—Three boxes of goods for the Western
sufferers were shipped Thursday by Mr. H.
N. Fanton.
—The genial tramp tells his sufferings in
Chicago, and makes stamps thereby. Look
out for him.
—Another large lot of clothing and bed
ding was shipped to Wisconsin and Michigan
Wednesday.
—The Norwich Bulletin has discovered
that roasting chestnuts “gives the worms a
gamey flavor.’’
—The revival meetings in the Stepney
Methodist church Sunday, wore attended by
some of our citizens.
—Two of the circus boys engaged in a foot
race on Main Street, Thursday evening, for
$2 aside, and both won it.
—An improvident family on North street
hearing that a neighbor bad the pneumonia,
sent over to borrow it.
—A Cornwall man has tobacco five years
old. There are some tobacco crops in Dan
bury a half century old.
—The squads of idle men in the streets
make it imperatively unnecessary for us to
ay that hatting is going down.
—“Mortem posts,” were what a man
asked for at one of our lumber yards to-day,
h’d heard a great deal about ’em.”
—W. C. Bennett, M. D., was elected sur
geon of Post 18, G. A. IL, and Sam'l Main
chaplain, at the last meeting of that lodge.
—Some one stole a blanket from Ira
Morse’s wagon w hile it was standing beneath
the Methodist church shed, Tuesday night.
Several of the venerable and stately
elms in South Main street are being cut
down, and the place shorn ot ito chief beauty.
—Track laying on the Litchfield end of
Shepaug road commences this week. The
entire track will bo completed within a
month.
—“New and unfailing remedies for rheu
matism” are flocking in. The establishing
of the weather bureau has robbed the disease
nf its utility.
—The return game of Kenosia tw. Keno
sia, will be played Thursday. Messrs.
Shears and Northrop will undoubtedly lead
the opposing forces.
—An anxious boarding house keeper writes
to us to learn “if when a woman has the
right to vote, she can be made to pay as
much board as a man.
—A concert will be given in the Univer
salist church, on Monday evening, Nov. Bth,
for the benefit of the Sunday school library
of that society. Admission 15 cents.
—Three of tire 292 Congregational church
es of Connecticut have celebrated their
260th anniversary this year, and 19 ministers
have died, at the average of 68 years.
—ls people were stepped on and pawed
over at a praver meeting as they are at a cir
cus, there would soon be no prayer meetings.
Perhaps there will soon be no more circuses.
—The Kohanza water suddenly departed
yesterday morning, and such a skeltering
across gardens and streets to neighboring
wells’as followed was neither proper or de
sirable.
—We learn that the Turner House is of
fered for rent. This bouse has become
popular with the travelling public in the past
three years, and Mr. Sands has made one of
the best of landlords.
—II. B. Rodenberg, of New Fairfield,
brings us a curiosity in the shape of several
dmible and triple walnuts. From one tree
he gathered five bushele of walnuts, one
bushel of which were the double kind.
—The Grand Division of the Sons of Tem
perance of Connecticut, will meet in annual
session at New Haven, next Thursday. The
election of officers will take place in the af
ternoon, and in the evening a public meeting
will bo held.
—Tift box which enclosed the coffin con
taining the remains of Jacob Merritt, who
died at Litchfield on the 24tb inst, was left
at the depot all night, and on top of it at
daylight, Wednesday, the watchman found
a dead sparrow.
—At the concert given by the Mission
Sunday school yesterday a large number of
scholars recited selections, one of them, a
little girl named Stott, reciting in a clear
voice and with unfaltering memory a piece
requiring four minutes time,
—The Danbury A Norwalk railroad is not
advertised to issue free return tickets to the
delegates to the annual Convention of the
Young Men's Christian Associations, for the
conclusive reason that there is no such asso
ciation on the whole line of the road.
—A significant remark was made by a
looker-on when the boot thief was caught on
Tuesday’ evening. He Baid “There will be
worse things than that done in Danbury be
fore. -this winter is over, if work doesn't
startup.” A hint of that kind is worth ta
king.
—We learn that the wedding in Easton,
last evening, of which mention is made in
rhe appropriate column of this paper, was a
very interesting and pleasant affair. We
can but congratulate the gentlemanly and
fortunate jeweler who takes with him to his
Pennsylvania home a treasure belter than
gold.
—They were talking in school yesterday
about the creation, and the teacher was lead
ing the younger ininds to understand the
degrees of excellence in the higher order of
beings. It was very profitable subject and
-one in which the children took an uncommon
•interest, She told them that the angels
<ame first in perfection, and when she asked
them who came next, and was readily an
swered by one boy, “Man," she felt encour
ag d to to ask “what comes next to man
An I here a little shaver who was evidently
smarting under a defeat in the preceding
question, immediately distanced all competi
tion, by promply shouting, “His undershirt,
mam.'’ The brevity of his was made pain
fully apparent a moment after.
—We publish in our obituary notices, the
sad intelligence of the death of Jacob Merritt,
son of Charles H. Merritt, of this place. A
few weeks ago the deceased visited Litchfield
an hopes to receive relief from a chronic
complaint. ".Shortly after his health com
menced to tail rapidly, and on Tuesday he
died. The remains were brought home in
the evening. Mr. Merritt made a host of
acquaintances and friends during bis resi
dence in Danbury, by his active habits and
excellent social qualities. Largely to his ef
forts is due the development of the beauti
ful Pleasure Park grounds, now occupied by
our agricultural society. To all enterprises
he was a firm friend, and in his death Dam
hnr.' has lost a most valuable citizen.
—The- ice man is losing his hold on the
affections of the public.
—Comstock of Wilton^ promises to get
entirely well, minus a foot.
—lnformation is wanted of the old banner
carried by the Washingtonians in 1842.
—Where one man dies for principle twen
ty-four thousand dye for the want of it.
—Now that bananas are coming awkward
people are requested to take to the street.
—Five State prisoners were taken from
the Bridgeport jail to Wethersfield, Monday.
—Several packages came from Bethel,
yesterday afternoon to go to the Western
sufferers.
—A Danbury housewife says that a cheap
jam can be made by starting a dog fight in
a narrow’ street.
—Genuine Havana oranges arc in market.
We know they are genuine because the name
Havana is on the boxes.
—The last feather on the camel’s back is
in the shape of a Redding donation to Chi
cago—two strings of red peppers.
—“Colored fish ’’was what a mincing
young housekeeper enquired for yesterday.
Black fish was what the critter was after.
—Home and Country now being played
in Hartford, with George Eaton ns Willie
Marshall, is meeting with flattering success.
—Free return tickets will be issued to all
attending the celebration here on Saturday,
from any point on the Danbury Norwalk
road.
—Rev, Mr. Harmance who occupies the
pulpit of the First Church, to-morrow, is a
son-in-law of Presdent Woolsey, of Yale
College.
—The meeting of the Washingtonians at
the Opera House to-morrow afternoon will
be peculiarly interesting, and will attract a
full house.
Four more large boxes of supplies for
the Western sufferers were sent oil’ to-day,
making fourteen boxes in all that have been
forwarded from Danbury.
—A lady at the post-office to-day wanting
to send a letter to West Bedding, asked “if
it was necessary to put on the county—she
had forgotten the name of it.”
—II. N. Fanton has completed a very hand
some barn on his premises a&oss the way,
and surmounted it with a weather vane
worth going several miles to see.
--The tenants who preceded us in the oc
cupation of this building will oblige by tak
ing away a fly they left here. We havn't
the time to give it that attention it needs.
—Through the carelessness of several boys
a shock of corn was fired on Town Hill,
yesterday afternoon, and threatened to des
troy an adjoining barn, but the flames were
put out in time.
—The utility of stone posts was exempli
fied this noon, as one of them opposite Starr’s
market got under a wagon and stopped a
runaway horse, just as he was about to step
into Barnum's drug store.
—When they shut off the water iu any
part of the city of Waterbury, the authorities
advertise the fact in the paper. We merely
mention this as a valuable contribution to
history, and not as a hint.
—Owing to the stormy appearance of the
weather Thursday evenimr, there was but a
light appearance at the dance of the Pioneers.
We hope the corps will be favored with better
weather on their next occasion.
—The teachers and pupils in the public
schools and the members of the ladies’ aid
societies are requested to join in the temper
ance procession, Saturday. Teams will be
furnished for the conveyance of the latter.
—L. L. Hubbell will be at his office in
the post-office building on Saturday to pay
the premiums awarded by the Agricultural
society. All premiums not called for by the
first of December wilbbe considered donated
to the society.
—Farmers should be on their guard, as the
patent-right rogues are around again. This
time they’ are selling the right to put up a
new style of farm gate, for which the re
ceiver signs Bonn thing that turns out to be
a note for $250.
—ln the case of Ann M. Hoyt vs. Aaron
8. Avery and Henry Stevens in the Superior
Court, the jury this morning found in favor
of the plaintiff, to recover SI.OO damages
and costs against Avery’; and for Stevens to
recover his costs of plaintiff
—Messrs. H. N. Fanton and T. Foster,
of Danbury, accompanied by County Com
missioner Lord, visited the Bridgeport jail,
yesterday, to examine the plan of structure
with a view to furnishing a design for the
new jail to be erected in Danbury.
—Candles as an illuminating agency have
nearly disappeared. They’ are too tame for
this age. Now, if some one will invent an
explosive candle that will kill people in the
next house, he will reap a fortune and restore
what a chap aptly terms the' light of other
days.
—We don’t like to have people copy jokes
from the papers and send them to us as their
own, A man who will do this, will put
cayenne pepper in bis grandmother's snuff,
did he ever hear of any one else doing it, and
borrow both the pepper anil the grandmother
to do it with.
—The full name of the man injured by the
cars at Wilton, Thursday, is Charles Com
stock. Dis foot was amputated Thursday
evenmg, At the same time a closer examin
ation of his bead was made, and it was dis
covered that iiis skull was fractqred. It is
not probable that he will recover.
—A partly inebriated man offered to bet a
half dollar this noon that he could climb up
a tree m two minutes, but after bitting down
ou the sidewalk at the foot of it ten or
twelve times, he suddenly picked himself up
and moved away, muttering that drunk as
he was he knew better than to fly in the face
of providence by trying to climb a slippery’
elm.
—Despite tbs chilling rain, Thursday
night, pretty much all the seating capacity
of Lent’s circus was occupied. The pro
gramme was cut short, and the weather ex
cited a depressing influence upon the actors.
There -were, however, several very fine acts,
and the music made up for the balance.
Master Melville's bare back riding act was
rather extraordinary.
—The performance at the hall Friday
evening was a success. A goodly sized au
dience were present, and were liberal with
their applause, and it was deserved. Fox as
a negro comedian is the best we have seen
here. His humor is natural, and his points
are made with a relish. Miss Somers and
Miss Dare were extra good. The trapeze
act might for the sake of the nervous, be
omitted. Otherwise, the entertainment was
unobjectionable. Mr. Fike deafens to bring
a company here every few weeks, and can
do so without apprehending anybody will
“turn him out."
—Our excellent postmaster, accompanied
by George Wilson, went over to the lake, yes
terday, to fish. Both gentlemen are rc
markabiy successful fishermen. On their re
turn they brought in twenty magnificent
pike. We have never believed that pike of
that size could be caught with a hook, and
are not surprised to hear an entirely different
process hinted at. Neither gentleman may
have any objection to making public the
manner, but we prefer th^t they should
speak for themselves. Taking the perform
auco at the lake with that at the hall leads
us to believe that yesterday was a good day
to Lcw-H Pike,
Good Shooting.
K. Nichols and Hall Jennings visited
Woodville a day and a half last week, r<
turning on Saturday with 29 woodcock’ and
21 partridges of their own shooting.
Superior Court.—Judge Miner,
In the case of the Methodist society of
Georgetown vs. Sturges Bennett, the evidence
on the part of the plaintiff was closed Tues
day evening, and the defendant moved for a
non-suit, which was granted by the court.
Visit ors.
Tne Derby Fost of the n a. R., will
visit Capt. James E. Moore Post on Thurs
day’ evening of this week. The Danbury
comrades had a pleasant time with their
Derby friends on a recent occasion, and we
hope the Derby’ folks will be equally well
pleased. And of that there is no doubt
THANKSGIVING.
Gov. Jewell has reconsidered his date for
Thanksgiving and has now appointed
THURSDAY, NOV. 30th,
as the day wherein to publicly give, thanks
for the mercies of the year.
President Grant has selected the same day
for the National Thanksgiving.
Tried to ta re Hlh
A little excitement was afforded Thursday
by Charles Benedict, a tin pedlar, who
jumped from the Main street bridge, and
would have probably been drowned had
there been any water where he struck. The
excited populace rushed to that side of the
bridge while he calmly appeared on foot at
the other, and thence proceeded np Elm
street. He is said to be troubled with fits.
Theft.
As Mr. M. Daragan, shoe maker, was en
gaged attending to "a customer, Tuesday,
a stranger picked up a pair of boots, and at
tempted to make off with them, but Mr.
Daragan was informed in time, and captured
the fellow 7 Sheriff Heath was sent for,
who put the man in the lock-up. This morn
ing he was brought up for trial -when it
transpired that his name is Chas. Nichols.
He was fined $7 and costs and sent to jail
for twenty days.
Hurt and Compensated.
John M. Signor of this place was singu
larly disabled while travelling in New Jer
sey. A spark from a locomotive struck in
one of his eyes, inflicted a wound so serious
as to keep him from his business for three
weeks. Having insured with T. Jones in
the Travellers, he received $45 compensa
tion Whenever a young lady gets a spark
in her eye the Travellers stands coldly by,
and lets her run her own risk.
Sudden Death.
The wife of Barnabas Allen died very sud
denly Sunday morning, at the residence of
her son-in-law, J. M. Potter. She had
arisen and dressed herself, when she was at
tacked with a gurgling in the throat, and
almost immediately expired. Dr. E. P.
Bennett, who was sent for, pronounced the
cause of her death to be a stroke of apoplexy.
The day before she complained of dizziness,
but otherwise was apparently enjoying com
plete health.
This is the fourth sudden death occuring
in Danbury within the present month.
Frightful Accident.
Charles Lockwood, a young man living in
Great Plain district, met with an accident
which nearly deprived him of his life, while
in the woods hunting, yesterday afternoon.
He was in the act of firing when the gun,
a breech-loader, exploded, throw ing him to
the ground, and cutting open bis right cheek,
and ploughing a furrow from the eye brow
across the forehead, opening the flesh to the
skull. He was at once taken home, and at
the same time messenger was sent into the
village for Dr. W. F. Lacey, who immed
iately attended and dressed the wounds.
Tile doctor says lx>ckwood will recover, but
that his escape from instant death is remark
able.
Grand Di vision of tlie Sons of Temper*
mice.
The annual session of the Connecticut
Grand Division of the Sons of Temperance
was held on Thursday, in New Haven. The
The following ofllcers were elected G. W.
P., Rev. A. N. Benedict, Bridgeport; G.
W. A., Miss M. J. Curtis, Stratford G. 8
George F. Morgan, Birmingham Treasurer,
11. E. Bachelder, Birmingham Chaplain,
Rev. S. 11. Bray, New Haven; Conductor,
Peschal Loomis, Hartford; Sentinel, A. C.
Streeter, Hartford.
It was voted to hold the quarterly session
in Naugatuck, and the semi-annual session
in New Haven.
In the evening a public meeting was held
under the auspices of the Grand Division at
the Church of the Redeemer, and interesting
and effective addresses were made by Messrs.
H. M Sanders of Yale, Rev. S. H. Bay of
New Haven, Rev. A. N. Benedict of Bridge
port, and Rev. I. Simmons of Norwalk.
Sudden Death.
A very sudden death occurred in this place,
Thursday. Mr. John Ross and wife were
passing through White street on their way
to the circus, when Mrs. Ross was seized
with a difficulty in breathing, and her dis
tress became so great that a carriage was
obtained, and Jier husband started with her
for their home, at the south end of the vil
lage. She sank so rapidly, however, that
it did not seem possible to get her home be
fore her death and she was- conveyed to the
residence of her sister, Mrs. Maria Clark,
South Main street. Dr, W. C, Bennett was
sent for, but she was beyond earthly help
and died in a moment after reaching her
sister’s house. The immediate cause of her
death was congestion of the lungs arising
from a disease of the heart with which she
has been troubled for several years.
Kun Over.
Au extra train up on the Danbury Nor
walk railroad, Thursday, ran over an
eldeily mannamed Comstock, living in Wil
ton. He works in Norwalk, and was ou
the track going toward the Wilton depot
where he was to take tpe down tram. En
gineer Pike, of the extra, whistled the ap
proach, and Comstock was seen to step
outside the track, without looking around.
After the train passed he was seen lying side
of the track. He was at once *aken up and
carried to the depot where it was found that
his injuries consisted of a crushed foot and
ankle, and contusions about the head. The
injuries are severe but not necessarily fatal.
Mr. Comstock is quite deaf, which explains
why he did not turn around at the sound of
the whistle, having voluntarily stepped out
side the track, but not far enough to miss
the train.
Good Templar DlstrletM.
The Rev. Alpheus C. Winter, worthy
chief of the Good Templars, has issued an
official circular announcing that the execu
tive committee have made more changes in
districts, which, as re-organized, are as fol
lows
Hartford District, No. I.—All of Hart
ford county, except Southington and Ver
non in Tolland county.
New Haven District, No. 2.—A1l of Nets"
Haven county not in District No. 4 all of
Hartford county not in District No. 1 all
of Middlesex county, and Lyme and Old
Lyme in New London county.
Eastern District, No. 3.—A1l of New
London, Windham and Tolland counties not
in Districts Nos. 1 and 2.
Waterbury District, No. 4.—Waterbury,
Naugatuck, Bethany, Seymour, Derby, and
the towns west of them in New Haven coun
ty, and aJI of Litchfield county not in Dis
i trict No. 2.
Bridgeport District, No. 5.—A1l of Fair
field county, and Roxbury, Washington,
Warren, Cornwall, Canaan, North Canaan’
and the towns west of them in Litchfield
j county.
Voijce ('ourt.
An action of replevin between Michael
Logan, plaintiff, !Jud Alexander Wildman,
defendant, occupied the court in the
sr
fondant appealc^^ Comtnon
pleas, to be held in 'vid^T 01 on
Monday in November, q'yeedy for plaintiff,
Burke for defendant
Waterbury’ gives thirteen housand dollars
to the Western relief fund This averages
about a dollar to every mn woman and
child in the town, and no dher plalb has
equalled this charity. We nw understand
why the Boston, Hartford Eris railroad
don’t get beyond that po’rt—it b such a
good place to stop at.
The Mirror of Ireland.
One of the most pleasing entertainments
in the country is McGill Strong’s Mirror
of Ireland, which will be exhibited nt the
Opera House on Wednesday and Thursday
evenings of next week. We believe Dan
bury has never been favored jy this compa
ny although it has several times passed
through the State. The pres of the larger
cities speak in complimentary terms of the
exhibition, aAd in those placet it has attract
ed crowded houses.
Superior Court*
The following cases are assigned for trial
this week:
Monday—Geo, F. Bailey vs. Thomas C.
Bussing; Geo. B. Boughton vs. David Gil
bert Drucilla Banks vs. Charles Porter.
Tuesday—Jonathan Hubbell vs. Chas. J.
Deming; John W. Sanford, appeal.
Wednesday—John T. Treadwell vs. Isaac
Reynolds; Charles Bennett vs. Nelson
Flint.
Thursday—Jas. Penning vs. John Sharp,
&c. Hiram D. Gregory rs. Rebecca Bene
dict, same vs. same, same vs- same.
Housatonic Railroav.—The new freight
train on the road will probably be put on a
week from Monday. It will leave Van Deu
senville just behind the milk train every af
ternoon, and from Bridgepoll about noon,
daily, reaching Van Deusenville in the even
ing. It will carry through freight only.
The railroad company are building and have
almost completed a new palace car, which
will surpass any of the cars on the road in
elegance and comfort. It has high back
seats, large windows, and will be the longest
car on the road. Another smoking and ex
press car is being built. They are also build
ing two hay cars for the safe transportation
of hay. They will be tight and hold ten
tons of pressed hay. Ffty flat cars are also
being constructed.— Berkshire Courier.
We should judge by the result of a trial
of the petition by parties in Washington for
a highway from the Shepaug depot in that
place to the head of Wauramaug Lake, that
there was no reasonable prospect for the
completion of the Aspetuck road, running
from New Preston to New Milford. Those
who objected to laying out the lower part
of the highway said there was a reasonable
prospect of the completion of the Aspetuck
railroad, but the friends of a through route
to the lake, proved to the satisfaction of the
committee before whom the petition was
brought, that there was no such prospect.
They may go on with their highway, but
just as sure as those Washingtonians are un
commonly thickheaded is the building of the
Aspetuck road.
The Race Tuesday.
A very enjoyable time was experienced by
the few who attended the impromptu trot
at the Fair Grounds, Tuesday afternoon
between J. 11. Fanton’s Belle of Danbury,
and David Beardsley's Black Sam, formerly
John C. Heenan, for $25 a aide. Belle to go
to harness and Sam to wagon.
heat. —At me first attempt they receiv
ed the word with a good even start, Belle
having the pole and Sam outside. At the
first turn the mare showed half a length
ahead, which position they kept until the
three-quarter poll!, when Sam made a break,
and on regaining his feet the mare was lead
ing five lengths. Swinging into the home
stretch the driver of Sam called on him for
his best, and he trotted very fast, closing up
the gap at every’ stride, but the mare was too
far ahead and came under the string one
ength ahead. Time 2.53{.
2d heat.—As before they received the
word at the first time, scoring with Sam un
der full headway and the mare so much in
hand that Sam shot ahead and took the pole
at the first quarter and opened a gap of five
lengths, a gain which he retained until the
coming home an easy winner. Time 2.525.
3d heat.—After several ineffectual at
tempts they received the word with a good
even start and were neck and neck to the Ist
quarter, when the mare broke and fell be
hind some four lengths, where she remained
until the three-quarter pole, when the mare
closed up a little; but it was no use, and
swung Into the home stretch with Sam full
six lengths ahead and coming In an easy win
ner. Time 2.53.
4th heat.—Receiving the word Sam took
the lead and was not headed during the heat,
and jogged home an easy winner. Time
2.534.
The warrant for Wm. M. 1 weed’s arrest
was served on him, al his office in the De
partment of Public Works, yesterday, about
half-past 12. He gave bail in 51,000,000.
The voluminous bill of complaint is general
in its charges rgainst Tweed, Garvey, Inger
soll, and Woodward, who are all mado par
ties to the suit, as defendants, and it asks
judgment against them for $6,312,000, with
interests and costs. It is made returnable at
Albany’, and the case will be tried in that
county, and not in New York. Accompany
ing the bill of complaint arc many impor
tant aflidavitH, among which is that of John
H. Keyser, making oath that most of the
warrants iu his name were forged. Inger
soll is in the city, and will probably be ar
rested to-day. Garyey and Woodward have
disappeared.
Rev. Robert Collyer has received, and for
the matter of that is constantly receiving,
applications to lecture on the Chicago fire,
but declines them all, and proposes to stay
at home, and devote all his time to the aid
of his people.
P. T. Barnum must have made the neces
sary arrangements with George Wood, as he
is to pitch his great show in New York, on
the 13th of November.
A well meaning but ignorant Monroe chap
thought the postmaster could afford to give
him two three cent stamps for five cents “as
he did all his trading there.”
The Register of the Treasury states the
steam tunnagy of the country for the yeai
ending June 30, 1671, to be 1,037,637 tuns,
showing an increase during the year of 12,-
542 tuns. Of this immense steam tunnsge,
less than 50.000 tuns is regularly eng.-.. xl in
the foreign trade.
Col. McDaniels, of Baltimore, offers to
run his horse, Harry Bassett, with an Eng
lish horse n imed Sterling for $50,000 or
more aside, the race to take place in Amer
ica. The owner of Sterling makes no an
swer although a few weeks ago he sought
such a trial
The Mormons threaten a change of base,
when a change in their tenor would be mo e
to the point.
New York State Item*.
Westchester county now has a nonuUrh n
i of nearly 132,0(j0.
The PeektkiJ post office is the oply inter-
I national money-order office tn Westchester
1 county.
NiJj, /S?/
C 7 o _
Bridgeport, last
case of the
no^ugh ot Danbury vs L. 11. Boughton
&c., and render a decision in James Spencer
us. David B. Bidwell’s case. 'Hie former
case was settled out of court, and in the lat
ter the court gave the plaintiff S:)5 damages
and his costs.
Klcti Goods.
In O. A Rogers’ jewelry store is a mag
nificent array of silver ware, from the well
known Menden manufacturers. Those seek
ing to make glad the hearts of dear friends
with choice testimonials of the dedrest af
fections will find this to be a rare opportu
nity. The designs of many’ of the articles
ate very lovely, and of others massive and
grand, while the workmanship is most ex
quisite. One of the tea sets is noticeable
for its beauty’ of conception svd umsh, and
several of the separate pieces are perfect
gems. Mr. Rogers’ enterprise and taste w i
undoubtedly be met with a large trade.
The Mormon newspapers are mild ir one.
The News says that in the crusade against
the Mormons, the Government and people
are to be sincerely pitied. The Herald
discusses the Mormon problem and says that
it is a grave error to suppose that upon the
conviction of Mormons that the Mormon
people generally will disclaim polygamy, or
that if the Government were to send here
troops enough they’ will give up their faith.
Neither this nor any other religious belief
can be crushed out,” says the Herald, by
any Government on earth.
Temperance Procession.
At a meeting of the several committees
appointed by the Washingtonians to make
arrangements for the procession on Satur
day, it was voted, First, that the time of
the procession be changed from 10 to 1
o’clock. Second, that the Bartram Fan
ton band furnish the music for the occasion.
Third, that the committee on subscriptions
be a committee to furnish teams for ihe car
rying of ladies and children. Fourth, that
Samuel G. Bailey and Frank Stevens be a
committee to furnish banners for the occa
casion. It was also voted that the Secretary
shall purchase five hundred copies of the
Temperance Chimes lor the use of the So
ciety’ at our regular meetings, and that an in
vitation be extended to the teachers and
scholars of the Public schools of Danbury
to join the procession. F. 8.
Nineteen Twentieth I
Every one who has a carriage, wagon,
carman or farmers cart should load up and
join the procession of the Washingtonians
next Saturday afternoon, from II to 3
o’clock. Every merchant should close his
doors and join in while the procession is
passing through the business part of the
street. Every' one who can sing the old
Washingtonian songs should lend their
voices in the serenade proposed. Why
should all this be done Because every one
is interested iu the cultivation of sobriety,
and should be enthusiastically in favor of the
efforts making to redeem the lalllen.
A. T. P.
The Temperance Meeting Sunday.
The temperance meeting on Sunday even
ing was one of great interest to the temper
ance people of Danbdry. The meeting was
opened by the president, who made a few
very excellent remarks in which he referred
to the resolution which had been adopted at
one of the meetings held last summer, viz:
when the list of names should number one
thousand, the society should invite the other
temperance societies of the place to unite
with us, and form a procession, to proce. d
through the principal streets of Danbury,
stopping before those places in which liquor
is sold and giving them a Serenade of tem
perance Rongs. The president stated that as
the list now numbered over one thousand
names it would be the business of the meet
ing to fix upon a day on which the proces
sion should take place, and to make all ar
i angeinents necessary. The pledge was ci
culated as usual while the president was
speaking, and twenty-seven names were ad
ded to the list, making one thousand and
thirty-two in all. After the president had
finished his remarks, and the choir had sung,
he introduced to the meeting Mr. Seth Ad
dis who made a short temperance address
He spoke of the sympathy and aid which
had been extended to him since he signed
the pledge and became a temperance man,
and be hoped that there would be many who
would come up and tell what the temperance
pledge had done for them- We were glad to
see Mr. Addis upon the platform and we will
gladly welcome any one, no matter how
broken his speech, who will tell what the
temperance pledge has done for him. After
Mr. A-ddis had finished his remarks the pres
ident took the stand and stated to the meet
ing that it would be necessary to appoint a
day on which the procession should taite
place. On his motion it was voted that the
procession be on Saturday next, to form at
half past ten in front of Concert Hall; and
on motion it was voted that a committee be
appbinted to make arrangements and to so
licit subscriptions to defray the expenses of
the occasion, The following committees
were appointed; Committee on music,
E nst Freedman. A. T. Peck, Seth Addis
Committee of grrangemenls, John Tweedy.
Orrin Bronson, Nelson White, Samuel G.
Bailey; Committee to solicit subscriptions'
John Tweedy, Henry Hoyt, E. S. Davis, L.
K. Bartram, Mrs, Jpnuie Flegler, Frank Ste
v^ is; Committee on invitations, the Secreta
ry. The several committees appointed are
.equested to meet at the house of Nelson
44 hite this evening at 8 o’clock. An invi
tation is hereby’ extended to all citizens of
Danbury and vicinity to join us in the pro
cession on Saturday, and a special invitation
is extended to the clergy’ of Danbury’ to join
us and to take part in the exercises. An
earnest invitation is also extended to all mem
bers of temperance societies to join the pro
cession, either as members of the Washing
tonian, or of other societies. The pro
amme for Saturday will he announced on
Thursday or Friday. F. 8
State Newa«
A Vandeusenville young man has lived for
fifteen years within two rods of the Housa
tonic road, yet never rode in the cars.
An attempt was made to burn the Wester
ly depot, the other night, but a barrel of
molasses burst and smothered the flames
An eleven year old son of Daniel Moran
of New London, was run over by a cart,
Tuesday, on which he was catching a ride,
and killed.,
Efbert Titnan, of Greenwich, was married
Tuesday much against his will, and disap
pvared right after. Timan tied waits for no
woman.
The Osceola Base Ball club, of Stratford,
were presented on Wednesday, 25th, by the
members of the Meriden Base Ball club, with
a silver ball, as an expression of their feelings
in regard to the state championship.
The Mai afields, of Middletown, are going
to re organize next year on a professional
basis, with SB,OOO stock to start on. Two
or three excellent players are, it is said, al
ready engaged for the new nine.
It is thought the Woodbury burglars only
secured some five thousand dollars of plun
der of which they can make use. They
will hardly dare attempt to negotiate the
town bonds. These were not of the town of
Woodbury but of a town in New York State.
They think they have discovered the thief
who took Deacon Chauncey Whitson’^
^i^J^ b Dds ^estford, C
u »uiy, in the person of Michael
McVainey, who recently escaped from tfie
Litchfield jail. Re is a thtef by profession,
■n’ was seen in Westford on the day of the
robbery
—A washerwoman for a family Darned
Harmon, yesterday found two front teeth in
the pocket of a vest she was washing. It
was a garment Mr. Harmon wore on a bunt
ing expedition two weeks ago, when he un
consciously put three loads in his gun. and
attempted to fire them all at once.
—The Thursday 'Evening News, contain?
ing an accurate account of Chai les Com
stock’s accident at Wilton, reached the
Bridgeport Farmer office that evening. On
Saturday evening the Farmer said a man
named Comstock was almost instantly killed
at Wilton. We presume choice dictated the
report.
tr exchanges give accounts of the
br.- xingup of a gang of negro thieves,
whose headquarters are in Danbury, and
whose depredations are made in Westchester
county. We understand from this account
that twenty-five of our colored citizens are
thus engaged in devastating Westchester
county, and that they are commanded by
Mr. Jim. Sherwood. Considering how har
rowing are the particulars it is almost too
bad they’ are not true.
—Some two hundred horses belonging to
P. T. Bai num’s magnificent sell arrived in
town last night, and were stabled under G.
F. Bailey’s canvas. This morning early
they passed through Main Street on their
way to New Milford, where they are to re
main through the winter. Their amusements
through the season of snow are few and
simple. The shoes are knocked from their
feet, they are pastured as long as any pas
ture remains, and fed through the balance of
the season on hay About a month befoie
they return to the arduous duties of the
campaign, oats are added to their bill of
fare.
Sews of die iTok
Oct. 26th. Gold 111 J.
The Brunswick Albany railroad in Geor
gia, is being seized for debt.
Gov. Hoffman has appointed Nov. 23rd
as Thanksgiving day in that state.
There were 151 deaths from small pox in
Philadelphia, in the past three weeks.
Ichabod Howland, a prominent merchant
of Boston, died on Monday of paralysis,
Patrick Kelly, an old counterfeiter, cut
his throat in the New York jail, yesterday.
A barn in Providence containing two valu
ble horses was burned last night. Loss, SB,-
OuO.
Kate Leehan, a domestic, was first out
raged and then murdered, in Boston, Tues
day night.
Sixteen hundred Brazilian slaves have been
emancipated, the first fruits of the Emanci
pation bill.
Another colliery disaster occurred in New
Castle, England, yesterday. Thirty-three
men were buried in the pit.
An affray near Bluffton, 8. C., Monday,*
between whites and negroes, resulted in the
wounding of the foimer, three in number.
Stephen D. Gehmelc was sentenced at
Buffalo, N. Y yesterday, to be hung on
December 15, for the murder of his cousin.
A civil suit against William M. Tweed and
other city officials for several millions of
dollars is now virtually begun by M. Charles
O’Conor at Albany.
The Ottawa correspondent of the Toronto
.Express says the case of the schooner Hor
ton, stolen by the Gloucester fishermen, is
simply regarded as a violation of the cus
toms regulations.
Oct. 28.—Gohl Illi,
In the Pennsylvania Senate the Democrats
have one majority.
Robert Binger shot himself to death in
New York, yesterday.
A barrel of metal fell on Edward Kelly in
New York, yesterday, and killed him.
It is finally figured that the treasury of
New York has been robbed of $20,U00,00' 1
by the city officials.
The jury in the Dr. Medlicott murder
case, on trial at Garnet, Kansas, has retur
ned a verdict of murder in the first degree.
Wm. E. Barron, aged 59, one of the
claimants to the new Almaden Quicksilver
mine, died in San Francisco on Wednesday.
The DeSert telegraph line is now •com
plet< dto Pioche, Nevada, Business for Pi
oche and Bullionville, Nevada, may be sent
by the Western Union lines to Salt Lake City.
The schooner C. D Tracy, from Sher
burne, Nova Scotia, on Thursday landed
several thousand dollars’ worth of smuggled
silks, velvets, blankets brandy, &c., at Bev
erly, Mass, where they were seized by rev
nue officers.
Thirty of the 33 men who were in the
mine at s ealiam, where the explosion oc
curred, Thursday, are dead. The pit is u
lire, and another explosion is feared. Then
is great excitement among the miners and
...eir families.
Augustus Mclntyre, aged 40, was run
over ami killed by a train of cars, near
North Reading station, Mass., last evening.
He was sitting on the track with a fowling
piece in his hand, and not notice the alarm
of the engineer.
Wm. C. Scott was executed in Jackson
ville, Fla., yesterday, for the murder of
Rosamond Carlin and Iwo small children, on
Feb. 5 last. He was cool on the scaffold
and spoke not a word. The knot slipped,
and his neck was not broken be was stran
gled.
Jerome Brooks was hanged yesterday at
Delphi, Ind., for the murder of A. W. Sla
ter, a wealthy grocer of Logansport, Ind.,
last April. The prisoner manifested the
sume stolid and careless indifference up to
last moment that he has shown since his a
rest. On the scaffold he asked and whs
granted leave to place the nojse around 'his
neck.
Gen. Robert Anderson, the hero of For.
Sumpter, died at Nice, France, Thundayt
He bad gone from Venoy to Nice, three
weeks ago, hoping to receive benefit from
the change. His family’ were with him.
his remains will be brought by the United
States vessel Guerriers to this county for. in
terment.
The official returns of the late election in
Ohio give the following result: Noyes (Kep.)
for Governor, has 238,273 McCook (Dem
218,105; and Stewart (Prohibition,) 4,084.
Noyes’ majority over McCook is 20,186.
The total vote of the State was 450,462.
The Republican vote is 16,560 larger than
last year the Democratic, 13,090 larger
and the Prohibition, 1,221 larger.
In the jase of Mrs. agt. Brigham Young,
the jury vesterday, returned a verdict for the
plaintiff ror the whole amount of her claim,
with interest, making a total of §2,986
There were Mormons as well as Gentiles on
this jury. The defense gave notice of an
application for a new trial. It is said and
admitted by prominent Mormons that Brig
ham Yo^ng has applied to the Hon. Wm. M.
Evarts tor his 1 services as counsel to defend
him (Brigham) on the indictments of the
present Grand Jury.
Thomas Duncan, a colored servant of
Thonjas F. Goode, of Virginia, laboring
under an attack of mania a potu, was sent
to the Pennsylvania Hospital for treatment,
yesterday, in charge of Detective Russell.
Duncan proceeded to the hospital very quiet
ly, but on reaching the lodge he said to the
doorkeeper “I have brought you a gen
tlemeu who is insane He imagines among
other things that he is a detective officer, and
his friends wish him left here for a while.”
Despite the protestations of the officer he
was locked up as insane tor several hours.
Duncan has since been captured and lodged
in the hospital.
Oct. 80—Gold 11 If.
There were only six stabbing affrays in
the metropolis yesterday.
It cost Spain §62,000,000 to war against
Cuba in the past year.
Charles Hamed, a Jersey City policeman,
shot Henry Nolte and killed him, yesterday.
Harried is in arrest.
Edward Hertel, a portrait painter, com
mitted suicide in San Francisco, yesterd ry,
by shooting.
Il is now reported that the recent bank
robbery at Great Barrington, Mass., amounted
to §125,000.
There are three hundred Ku Klux prison
ers in South Carolina, awaiting trial under
the new law.
The Woman’s Club in Washington, last
night, voted that the only way to remove the
social evil is to enfranchise women.
Tire propeller. Dean Richmond, was bur
ned at Port Huron, Mich', Saturday. Lucy
Moran, chambermaid, was drowned.
Mary Voorhis suffocated her child to death
in fork yesterday by pressing its face
in her lap until death ensued. She was
insane.
The shipments of California wheat abroad
this season amount to 470,000 centais. The
available surplus now in the State is estimat
ed at 60,000 tons.
A conclave of Cardinals, to consider tho
action the College should take.iu the event
of the Pope’s death, is shortly to be held at
some point in France.
A petition has been sent to the President
from the citizens of Aiizona asking him to
allow Gen. Crook to pursue the Apache
campaign uninterrupted by Peace Commit
ioners.
The treasury has resumed the sending of
the bonds of the new loan to the Syndicate,
and three clerks of the Treasury Depart
ment sailed for Europe, yesterday, with $lO,-
000,000 of the bonds.
Elder Hawkins, the Mormon, was on Sat
urday s ntenced to pay a fine of SSOO and
serve three years in »tate prison. Brigham
Young is to be arrested for sanctioning the
murder of Richard Yates.
Yellow t ever is said to be abating in 1
Natches, Miss. One hundred and fifty cases
arc still under treatment. There have been
about 60 deaths since Sept. 18. There are
30 cases under treatment in Vicksburg.
The murder of Kate Leehan, near Boston,
is still involvedin mystery. Wrapped around
the furnace wrench with which the murder
was committed was a copy of The. Helena
(h.vk.)Clarion, dated Feb. 16, 1871.
A party of drunken ruffians attacked and
attempted to rob the citizens of Gibson set
tlement in the Indian Territory, Friday, and
after wounding several citizens were driven
off. Two of the leaders were subsequently
arrested by the U. 8. authorities.
The New York Journal of Commerce says
the plucky Chicago man who ordered a lot
of sugars and syrups in New York just after
the fire, and promised to have his store re
built by the time the goods arrived, has kept
ms word. Ihursday he telegraphed to his
friends here: “We enter a. new store to
moirow, made since the fire, and resume
payment in full and at maturity.”
t Alfred Shelby, Armstead C. Quin, C. C.
Nash, R. Houston, Samuel Hardin, and C.
Been of Grant Parish, La., have been arrest
ed by Goverment detectives under the Ku
Klux bill, charged by William R. Phillips
with having killed Delos W. While, Ifecorder
of Grant Parish, at Colfax, on Sept 25. Mr.
White was from Flushing, New-York.
The Secretary of the Treasury has author
ized the Assistant-Treasurer at New York to
purchase $1,000,000 of bonds on each Wed
nesday in the mouth of November, or $5,-
000,000 in all, and to sell $1,000,000 of coin
on the first, third, and fifth Thursdays, and
$2,000,000 each on the second and fourth
Thursdays, or $7,000,000 in all
A Philadelphia bird fancier, who had a
large collection of pigeons, maltese cats,
guinea pigs, and fancy dogs, absented him
self for the past week from his store, on
Coats St., being on a drunken snree. The
police broke open the place yesterday, and
found nearly al) the animals dead from hun
ger. The Health Officer has taken possess^ n
co abate the nuisance.
There is considerable uneasiness among
landowners in Chicago with respect to the
e tablishment of titles destroyed by the fire.
To obviate this difficulty it proposed to found
a new court of law in which claims may be
presented and evidence of proprietorship pro
duced Another trouble arises out of the
com picalions connected with the adjustment
of insurance claims, and this difficulty is
g eatly augmented by the operations of the
sharks and speculators.
Oct. 31.—Gold 111}.
Boston offers $3,000 for the capture of
the murderer of Kate Leehan.
A Spanish vessel has sailed to Port-au-
Prince to look after the Hornet.
James Lyons was run over and killed by a
eight car in New York last night.
Two boilers exploded in St. Louis, yester
day, severely wounding several workmen
Justice Dowling had a ten thousand man
power procession in his favor last night.
Wells, mayor of Salt Lake City, charged
with murder, has been admitted to $50,000
bail.
Four deputy sheriffs are lying in wait to
arrest Ingersoll. That ought to satisfy any
man.
Gov. Bullock, of Georgia, has resigned
the office, and g'eat excitement exists in the
State.
The trial of Kelley who murdered head
constable Talbot was commenced in Dublin
yesterday.
Jacob Bittman was killed in New York
sterday\ by the falling of an embankment
i pon hint
The paches made a raid, recently, on the
settlement of Kirkland, Arizona, but were
repulsed by the settlers.
The Tribune correspondent was in Nor
walk yesterday to learn something of Wood
ward. but without success.
The Knox and Lincoln Railroad was
finished to Rockland, Me., on Sunday. The
road will open on Wednesday.
The paper mills of Freeman Barrett,
near Foit Wayne, Ind., was burned yester
day Loss. $25,000; insurance light.
The wholesale price of nails was advanced
16 cents a k gin New Yoik yesterday, on
account of the destruction of 100,000 kegs
in Chicago.
The band wagon to Howe’s circus was tip
ped over by the team running aWay, yester
day, at Hudson N’ Y., and two of the music
ians were instantly killed and a third serious
ly injured.
The Missouri Republican (democrat) pro
post s that the democracy nominate no candi
date for President, but unite with dissatisfied
republicans upon some mild republican
against Grant.
The Mayor of Lexington, Ky., and many
of his subordinates were arrested yesterday
on an indictment for felony found in the
United States District Court, the cha ge being
complicity in the late election riots in that
city.
There were 85 deaths from small-pox in
Philadelphia, during tile past week, being a
slight increase over the previous week. The
number of cases has largely increased since
last report, but the disease is still confined to
the Twentieth Ward.
The Coroner’s jury at Los Angeles, Cal.,
has found a verdict againt a number of per
sous of all nationalities for participation in
the riot and murder of the Chinese, and
against a number of others for expressing
sympathy with and encouraging the rioters.
I he net-work of railsabove the Union De
pot will impede communication between the
east and west portions of New York city.
It may eventually be found necessary to span
Fourth-ave. at Forty-third, Forty-fourth,
and Forty-fifih-sts., wffh light iron bridges,
for the convenience of foot passengers. The
residence of this vicinity are already com
plaining of the smoke and noise of the loco
motives, and many contemplate seeking more
quiet quarters in the .'pring.
Every carpenter or mason in Chicago can
now earn from three to four dollars per day,
every laborer two dollars, every half-grown
boy one dollar, every' woman capable of do
ing household work from two to three dollars
per week and her board, either in the city or
country. Clerksand persons unaccustomed
to out door labor, if they cannot find such
employment as they have been accustomed
to, must take sneh as is offered, or leave the
city. Any man, single woman, or boy, able
to work and unemployed at this time, is so
from choice, and not from necessity.
A Word with You, Pleaar.
The great progress that has been made in
labor saving machinery is well illustrated by
the fact that no less than seventy farmers
have been cut to pieces by mowing machines
this season in Illinois. It would have taken
he most expert wood chopper a long time
to do this with the old fashioned axe. Ex
change.
The father of John B. Gough died near
Lom.on Lsl month, at the age of ninety
four. J
The latest complete statement of the losses
of the insurance companies at the Chicago
fire gives the total as $57,740,000. It is not
unlikely that these may be reduced by errors,
or by deduction for salvage. Twelve of the
companies are set down as “broken,” and
eleven as “suspended.”
Wheeler Wilson’s “Silent” Sewing
Machines at Morehouse Heath’s.
Ihe Hard Rubber Truss.— This Truss
does not chafe, break, rust, gall, or blister
can be made stiff o limber, used in bathing,
and always as clean and good as new, and is
therefore the most economical Truss in the
world. Brown Spencer, druggists, are
sole agents for Danbury. Also solo agents
for Bilk Elastic Stockings, Bandages, etc.,
for variacose veins, swelled limbs, abdominal
tumors, etc.
Brown Spencer will supply country
stores with Ess. Peppermint, Castor Oil,
Laudnum and Paregoric in bulk, or put in
vials suitable for the trade, and at^ prices, as
low as can be procured in New York city,
and saving freight charges; also Essences,
Tinctures, &c. warranted full strength (ac
cording to United States Pharmacopea) and
prepared from the purest materials. Coun
try dealers please remember this when in
want of anything in the Drug line,
The Lecture Tuesday Hveulng.
That very popular lecturer the Hon. Fred
erick Douglass, will deliver his lecture on
Santo Domingo, next Tuesday evening, at
the Opt ra House. He lectures at Mt Holly,
N. J., the evening before, and at Norwalk
the evening after his engagement here. For
further particulars see the Lyceum just
issued y the Danbury Lecture Association.
Vlcin’ty Items.
W’illiam Cummings of Bridgeport, woun
ded by the premature discharge. <>f a gun,
died therefrom Saturday.
A. T. Sturdevant of Bridgeport, has
stirred events in that place by drawing u
S2O watch from a 25 cent box of prize col
lars.
A Hawle^ville farmer left two of his cows
on the railroad track, Saturday, and a train
came along and stepped on both of ’em at
once.
There are to be three races Wednesday on
the Woodbury track, one tor S2OO and two
for SIOO each. Trotting commences at 11
a. m.. and there will be some good sport.
The way they get up surprise parties in
Bridgeport is a credit to the artificial nature
of that city. A resident receives au anony
mous letter stating that a surprise party will
be given him on a certain evening. He pre
pares ror it. Nobody comes. He is sur
prised. Almost anybody would be.
The following divorces were granted at the
present term of the Superior court at
Bridgeport C. R. Norton, from 8 A. Nor
ton—cause adultery and general misconduct.
>arah L. Holmes from John W. Holmes—
cause desertion. Petitioner s name changed
to Sarah L. Morley. Martha A. Burdick
vs. Peter W. Burdick, decree for control
and custody of minor children.
Headquarters for the Binger Improved
Family Sewing Machines at Morehouse A
Heath's. A full stock.
For perfect fitting shoes of the celebrated
E. C. Burt’s, 8. Munson Co., t aidwin A
f.«mkm’s manufacture go to Beuedict Broth
era

I consider my Florence a prize,” so said
a young lady with had purchased of More
house Heath.

The Morning Glory costs less for repairs
than any base burner in market. Sold by
C. E Andrews. d w 16 Im.
The Morning Glory is the handsomest stove
in the marKOt. Sold only by C. E. Andrews.
d w 16 Itn.
The Morning Glory is the only reliable
base burner in market. Sold bv C. E. An
drews. dwl«lm.
The Morning Glory is the best made of
any stove in the market. Sold only by C.
E Andrews. dwl«ha
MIRTHS?
In this town, Oct. 24tb, a son to John
Ryan.
MAKKIEII
In Danbury, Oct. 25tb, at the residence of
the bride’s father, by Rev. Burr Baldwin, of
Montrose, Pa., Mr. L. F. Curtis, of Bridge
port, and Miss Mary C. Baldwin, of Dan
bury.
In Easton, Oct. 26th, by Rev. D. M.
Hodge, Benjamin 8. Wheeler, of the firm
of Wheeler Mclntyre of North East,
Penn, and Miss Malvina A. Gould of Eas
ton.
DIED.
In this town, Oct. 81, Keven Cunningham,
aged 60 years
In this town, Oct. 29, Hannah H. Allen,
aged 71 years, 7 months.
In Danbury, Oct. 19th, Delia, wife of N.
B. Selleck, uged 36yeais.
In this town, Oct. 25th, Mrs. Mary C.
Ross, aged 41 years, and 7 months.
In Brookfield, Oct. 22nd, Abigail K., wife
of L. B. Northrop, aged 71 years.
special ncticis.
gTOVEB, FURNACES AND RANGES-
CHAS. HULL SON
I
SELL
The
“EMPIRE” Gas Burner,
Barstow’s
“MODEL ;CCCK,”
and new
"fZMII CCCK,
klees’
“GOLDEN E Z LE” Furnace
A d
“BEAUTY” Elevated Oven,
Range.
Alien exhibition
AND £OK SALE LT
Chas. Hull Som
OPP. CONCERT HALL..
Also, the largest stock of
Crockery,
Hardware,
Cutlery and Guns,
IRON STEEL,
Springs, Axles,
p-0 be found ia Danbury.