OUR NOVEMBER.
tin tbe November number of the Occrlami
Monthly, la a poem by Mr*. Juium Neull, entitle*’
“November.” Compare this November with
that of Hood, and you get the difference of Emr-
Ilsh and American seasons.]
Our November!
Soft, delicious, balrav, tender!
Throwing off her vail of mist
For a crown of amethyst—
Blushing soft as she discloses
Summer's last and lingering roses.
Like a spray of corals rare
Plumed within her shining hair.
Ah! the dreamy days remember
Of our opaline November!
Gauzy vapors float around her.
Little moats of gold surround her,
Violet clouds lie soft above her.
Moonbeams clasp her like a lover!
Touching with transparent lingers
Every spot where fragrance lingeri.
ttho doth cast upon the air
Essences and odors rare.
VTild bloom swoon In sndden heat
w here she pranks her dainty feet.
And the trailing autumn grasses
Bend in homage ns she passes;
Gladness, as of childhood’s laughter,
An. the wooing zephyrs waft her;
Shining in her mystic splendor—
halting, rosy, soft and tender—
-9“ ST o®* 0 the radiant comer,
Amber-belted Indian summer!
art:
Tbe Coutrtbmlouß to tbe Chicago Relief
Fund.
Prom the Kew York ilaU, Kov. il
The artists of onr city—always open-heart
ed as becomes their noble calling—have clone
ihemselves great honor in contributing a*
they have done to the collection of paintings
and. other works of art nowon exhibition in
Clinton Hall, and to be sold there by auction
oj the evening of Thursday, for the benefit
of the artists of Chicago, left homeless and
penniless by the late disaster. Not only h
this the largest collection of works of mi
everbrought together for such an object, but
it is the best. It presents a higher average
of merit than, as a rule, do the Academy ex
hibition, for each contributor has done his
utmost. And it is ever so many degrees bet
ter than the best Artists’ Fund Collection we
have seen.
The collection, in all, numbers about a
hundred aud thirty paintings in oil, ten in
water colors, several busts in plaster of emi
nent persons, a number of cbrmno-litho
graphs, aud a large portfolio of engravings,
many of them good specimens of the early
masters in the art.
If our picture-buyers will only come to the
sale on Thursday evening, mid bid fairly. the
collection will realize at least $0,000; if* they
uid sonorously for au auction room, still
bidding less than studio prices, it will realize
$2,000 more. If, remembering that the ar
tiste have given all they see on exhibition
here, buyers will only bid up to the value of
the contributions, not beyond, they are not
asked to do that, then it shall be our pleas
ant duty to announce the good nows that
SIO,OOO have been placed to the credit of the
homeless artiste of Chicago, an 1 that, the
affair has proved as worthy of our well-to
do art lovers as it is already of our artiste.
On Saturday evening, when wc called, the
hanging of the pictures was not yet quite
completed, yet the general effect was highly
gratifying. Some ten or twelve empty
frames showed that there were as
“fny, artiste yet to hear from,
who had promised contributions. Among
the missing ones wore those of artiste
wlmse names always lend character to au ex
hibition—Messrs. Church, Kensett, Hunting
ton, Gray, Gifford, and several others. There
was rumor that two or throe of these, in
tended to make donations in money, rather
than in “bits of themselves.” Wc trust to
be able to contradict this before auction day.
The picture offering is by far the most wor
thy of the artist.
Not the least attractive picture of tho col
lection is that of J. G. Brown, which is at
the some time most pleasing in color and
charming in its story. It is of a delightful
little 4-year-old, who has gathered herself
into her papa’s easy chair that she may have
a good time with her dolly, which, we pre
sume to be a new arrival.
Albert Bierstadt contributes quite au im
portant picture—“An Early Mprniug in the
Wilderness.”—very luminous.
Asher B. Durand, the oldest living Ameri
can landscape painter, has responded to the
cry of his brothers for help from his home at
the foot of “The Great Mountain, Watch
ing.” Ho contributes a characteristic land
scape.
W. H. Beard’s contribution will rank
among his best pictures. It gives us a party
of strolling players who have just topped
tho hill, which brings them in sight of the
nearest village. It is miserable weather
raining cats and dogs. The road is moist—
very; aky tearful to overflowing. It is a
melancholy scene. But slushy as tho road is,
aud drear tho prospect, the party of strollers
are drearier still. That poor fellow, who is
followed by the bear, is misery personified.
His bauds are deep down iu his breeches’
pockets, his shoulders bent; be is
soaked to overflowing at his slipshod heels; 1
his very hat appeals for pity; it has lost all
sense of dignity; it wants to fall off aud be
kicked aud have done with it. To the right
of him is -another stroller—the musician,
laden with the instruments of torture, con
spicuous among them the key bugle. He
clearly inherits the clothes of his predeces
sor in office, a much larger man; such, we
fancy, is the moral of their overcoat and hat,
which. between them, bides all that there is
beneath of the being which they compass.
The woman of the party is seen some dis
tance ahead, going down hill, sharing the
space on a donkey’s back with the balance
of the personal property of the company.
Behind all, aud the sorriest, saddest object in
the miserable scene, is the star of the com
pany, Signor Bruin.
From Seymour J. Guy we have a very
pleasing example of bis nice feeling and
charm of color. It is of a pretty child who
strived to seize a butterfly which was settled
on the tree trunk above her, out of her
reach.” os the title says.
W. Perry has sent “the Quiltor,” rep
resenting au old lady engaged at that useful
labor.
Wm. Page is represented by one of his
early pictures—classic in subject—a woman
playing on a tamboriue.
Mr, .fas. Barker, one of the oldest picture
buyers and connoisseurs, contributes a verv
pleasing early picture of J. G. Brown, enti
tled In the Woods.”
From Mr. Brevoort comes the largest and
fsost generous contribution of the collection,
H we are to measure value by the time given
to it. This is not only a large painting, but
n very attractive picture, an excellent exam
ple of one of our best painters.
William Hart’s contribution is of a moun
tain road, with lake in tho distance and for
est in the middle distance. Its most notice
able feature js the clump of cedars ou the
roadside, their sombre green half hidden by
the frost-kissed vines, that glow in crimson
blushes which they cannot hide.
Hay id Johnson sends two landscapes,
either one of which would have been a gen
erous donation.
And 80 .with T. L. Smith, who, having
heard away ii} Cutaraugns Comity of the
appeal. has scut two contributions, both
highly meritorious.
From W, Casiloar wc have a charming
moonlight, with an exquisite bit of sky paint
ing.
bamucl Coleman scuds an important pic
ture—a forest interior, invaded, through a
clearing, by a Hood of light; pool with cat
tle in the clearing. A bright picture, which
ought to make a stir on the easel of the auc-
J ioueer.
M. Hart’s contribution is one of the
most pl easiu K pastoral subjects he has paint
ed. It is noticeably good specimen of his
work: quite brilliant in its effect of light,
and very attract.'' vc color.
We must not conC* without at least
naming the other whose con
tributions are no less geuciC ,lt in many in
stances no less important, .than tliose
wo described. As wo have said, Jim cata
logue was not completed, so that rtii arc 1
without tho guidcllor names but Oil the I
canvases wc could, decipher the following
not before named A. H. Wyant, a land
scape, with cool, gray sky Hays, a capital
terrier's head, full of life J. Koy Robertson,
The Organ Grinder,” a large picture much
esteemed—a very generous donation in
deed J. MeEntee, an autumn scene in the
woodß.outitlcd “Falling Leaves,” brilliant in
color and Hue in sentiment; Consolation/*
presented by Louis Long, the head and hast
of a woman, the face ruddy and good-natur
ed, the head crowned with poppies and cal's
of com—in her arms a cornucopia. A veiy
11 nproun:ite gi ft, and a very ueneruusoue too.
Air. W. L, Clarke contributes quite a large
landscape.rcprcseuting several weeks’ labor*
Air. Uoade contributes a delicate bit of trop
ical scenery; Mr. Shattuck,n very pleasing!
pastoral; Mr. Bristol, a passage horn New
England scenery Mr. David Neal, a bit of
Venice, very richiu color, and at least sug
gestive .of a pleasant story. Mr. Reinhart
contributes very charming bit of out-door
ii£e—<he happy time of haymaking, with fig
ures iu tho Held at work and children playing
among tho unshorn grass. We must come t«»
an cud at this writing by simply reciting
the remaining names upon our jio(e.-book
Arthur Partou, G. L. Gerry, J. I), Smillie,
Geo. H- Siaillie, Herbert McCord, F. Hallows
—a very Hue example of this water-colorcst;
Gilbert Burling. w. T. Richards, Miss Alice
13uulery,C. C.Ward, Shaughucssy, and Bou
telL
There are at least forty or fifty other
names, but these, as wo have already said,
we could not get. When the catalogue
reaches us, however, we will deem it our
duly to nut each contributing name on rec
ord; and we shall do so.
We ought not to omit here, hcAvevcr, to
aay thiit the sculptors have been as generous
as the painters/ From Laiiut Thompson
K v e r pl busts of eminent persons:
2JISV a bus relief and a
portfolio of engravings.
An AJrem ut «ni Woman.
There is a lady of uu unusually advent ur
onasint pn.vi.uig i amusement for the pub ic
in Oermanv. bhc has gone through a variety
of characters ;u male costume with eminent
success, acting successively «s groom
coachman, valet, &c to various cmpfoyeS
Riving perfect satisfaction and obtaiiiiuc eil
cellcnt character* her master never suspect
ln*f. lf r st;x .Thu late \y:ir roused nobler
ambitious within her. Prefixing the title
von to her name, and donning the blue
v?- n l a uou cross upon it,
31ms Bertha Weis made her dclut
•J? a wounded Prussian olhcer. Passing
through various towns, she enlisted every
ta'hero the sympathy of tho inhabitants, who
recognized her ns an honored guest nml i«
S'sent&W^TtriKnl?^
meut wanmdJhJ ie 'l e J al months’ imprisou
ia turns 8 a s P ,^fi uu ?IQt 1 Qt for her mascnlius aspi
ho\v,. -e r tiuS- urf^ l^ 118 1 sllu acted her rile,
renliet m. 5? p t0 ‘lie moment when tho
cates hi I)rou u a c ed, she found ndvo-
Tli«* l )ress to defend her manhood,
ladv’s nm l !f?f H o,Ull P ut 8 not moderated tho
leoH( (l 5!« I i tIOU J or though only shortly rc
'j* kas turned to ouee more in manly
woiilin H lu Y er y last place whore a female
J®J!.i t e i look «ft for. viz., in a monastery
*nn. 4 r S sl au T hti Prior declared that she
im Wlt h so truly penitential an air,
z.^ e r B M X 80 admirably, that he
<h U i UO v *t in his heart to refuse her.
one inis lived among: tho monks undiscover
ed, nor novitiate being u severe one; yet she
underwent all the rules of tho order with the
lortitude of an ascetic up to the last mo
ment. Tired, however, at last of the mount
ony of conventional life, she gave the monks
lue slip after a four mouths’ visit, disclosing
her sex only after her departure.
MUSIC AND THE DRAMA.
Jltiftic,
Oflenbaeh’s new opera is called “Fan
:asio.”
—Carlotta Patti sung in Tons, November
•n for the benefit of Chicago.
—Littolf is at work on a new opera, called
Pasilea.”
—Camilla Urso is engaged for Pasdelonp’a
Paris “Popular Concerts.'-
—Wachtel netted $25,000 as his share in
New York,
—Thomas Winans is about building a
$25,000 music hall in Baltimore.
4 A Loudon caunabalistic critic says
“Music is as tender as the llesh of on in
fant.”
—ltubensteiu has gone to Vienna.
—Leavenworth is to have a $70,000 Opera
House.
,—A new English tenor (from Ireland)
Sangiovunui O’Dwyer threatens to suull out
Reeves.
Adaliua Patti lias given two representa
twns (Rigoletto and Huguenots) at Brussels,
with her usual success.
—Parepa was in Baltimore last week.
—Whitney, the Boston basso, sane at the
London Crystal Palace recently in Mendels
sohu’s setting of the Walpurgis Night.”
—English opera -has proved a total failure
111 London.
-—Liszt, lias just been granted letters of
nobility and a pension by the Government of
Hungary.
—Mazzoleni, who sang here at the first
season of opera in Crosby’s Opera House, is
now singing in Home.
—Theodore Thomas 7 season in Boston com
mences Dec. 1.
—Kubini has discovered a new aud splen
did tenor singer, of the name of Devillier, at
Boulogne-sur-Mer.
—Gounod has written a new cantata.
—Prof, Stewart, of Dublin, has composed
the music to au ode, Tribute from Ireland
lo America,” to be sung at Gilmore’s Jubilee
next spring.
—Schneider, the naughty, is singing hi St.
rotersburgli.
—Prince Gallitziu, to whose father Beet
hoven dedicated three of his quartets, is
giving recitals of Russian music iu New
lork.
—The new opera company which Kellogg
takes to California is organized as follows:
Miss Clara Louisa Kellogg, priina donna so
prano; Miss Kate Morenzi, contralto; Miss
Anna V. Darling, soprani): Madame Claudi
na Casroli, soprano; Madame Giovauua
Bianchi, mezzo soprano Signor Pietro Bac
cei, primo tenorc robusto; Signor H. Maucu
si, baritone; Signor Ongelo Baccelli, basso
prof undo; Signor E. Bianchi, tenorc; Signor
Nicolai, leader and director, late of the Acad
emy of Music, New York. The season com
mences in San Francisco 011 January 1 and
will last twenty nights.
—Everyone was curious to see how tho new
opera of Erostrate,” recently produced in
Paris would be reviewed in the Dvbato, the
composer, M. Royer, being the miaical critic
of that journal. He begins by assuring us
that ho never expected his opera to run more
than three nights, aud that he was mistaken,
as it was only performed twice. Erostrate
hunicd tho Temple of Ephesus in order to
leave a name to posterity; and when M.
Reyer declares that his music will never be
forgotten, because people talking of bad
operas will think of Erostrate,” it is clear
that he shares one of the peculiarities of his
hero.
—The Emperor of Brazil,now in Paris,hav
ing expressed udesire to make the personal
acquaintance of Verdi, the illustrious macn
tro paid him a visit. He was received with
the honors usually only accorded to crowned
heads, After half an hour’s conversation,
Verdi took leave of His Majesty, who shook
hands with him several times most cordially,
asking at the same time for a picture of the
celebrated maestro, with an autograph, prom
ising to return his own portrait.
—They tell a good story in Boston of Nils
son’s going to an Episcopal church one Sun
day forenoon, and being shown in Miss
C ’s Pew. The lady, however, did not
know Nilsson, and, like other ladies wo have
seen, when strangers have been shown in
their pews, exhibited her ill-feeling in vari
ous ways, and intended talking to the sex
ton after service. When church was over
there was quite an ovation to Miss Nilsson,
and Mias C felt somewhat mortilied at
having entertained not an angel unawares
hut a Queen of Song.
—Russia has just produced a new tenor,
who is pronounced to be the most wonderful
singer the world has ever seen. His father,
a rich proprietor of Kewno,* wishing to pre
vent his sou from following the bent of his
iucliuatiou, and becoming a public per
former, sent him to one of bis distant estates
to learn agriculture. Here ho competed for
the moujik’s prize, which, in some parts of
Russia, is awarded by ancient custom to the
native singer who can approach the nearest
in harmony and volubility to the nightin
gale, Mierovitch won the prize, and escaped
to St. Petersburg!!. Here hu suffered the
greatest hardships, singing in the streets for
a scanty living, and imitating the birds of
his native province. Chance led him to sing
one night before the hotel where Madame
Lucca was staying during her engagement
at the opera. The prima donna was enrap
tured. She sent for him. and, learning ms
history, supplied him with means to procure
food and clothing, and then sent him to Ru
beustein, who procured his admission to the
Conservatoire, where ho is studying man
fully, and promises to become one of the
Urst singers of the ngu.
The Draiun.
Mr. and Mrs, Barney Williams arc in Paris
for the winter.
—Booth’s recent engagement at the Boston
Theatre is said to have been tho most, suc
cessful ever played there.
—Maggie Mitchell is in Philadelphia.
—Mrs. John Wood reappears at the London
Adelphi on Christmas.
—Pauline Markham has got a new play
called “Agio.*.”
—Marie Seebach is going to write fifty let
ters fur the Vienna iV«wc, on what she saw in
this country.
—Sotlicm’B success in Now York is the
greatest ho has ever achieved.
—Frank C. Bangs has been engaged fJr
leading business at Booths.
—Mr. Booth lately purchased the interest
in Booth’s Theatre that was vested in his
partner. Mr. Richard A. Robertson, and is
now sole proprietor.
—J S. Clarke, the American comedian, is
playing at the Strand, London.
—A successful police raid has been made
against the Alhambra and Cremome, London.
—Boucicault and wife, pretty Agues Rob
ertson, are playing “Arrab-na-Fogue r in Liv
erpool.
—Susan Benin is playing in London.
—'Wilkie Collins’ dramatization o£ “The
Woman in White,” has made a success in
Loudon.
—A monument is to be erected at Grcnnclli
to the memory of Adrienne Leeoiivrour.
—The new Varieties Theatre iu Now Or-
leaut* will be opened on the ISthof Decem-
ber.
—Lotla Is going t.Q Europe next year.
—Kislori is going to play in the Damibian
Principalities, and then iu AllmiW »pd Con
stantinople.
—Herman Hendricks, the celebrated Ger
man actor, died recently.
—A daughter of Lester Wallack was mar
ried in “Tim Little Church Around the Cor
ner/’ lost Wednesday.
—A Chinese .drama, now iu progress in San
Francisco, lias V cc! l running HH years iu
China, ami 14 years in America. They have
got well into the middle of the sccqml net.
—At a show in Memphis, ttv.o bruisers i\\>-
pcareu iu a set*U) uetivjjen the scenes of the
panorama of “A Journey to »ha Holy Land/’
—An amusing incident, says the Cftiloo and
Lima (inrcHr.tooki'biee at the Callao
during the lust repnwnte lion of the tragedy
entitled “AdrienneLeemivrenr/* juthe last
act, whore the poisoning takes pluoo, and
suvcrul acturs call for medical assistance, a
person ju the body of the pit rose iu a state
of (Treat oaeitmuent. and cried out iu a sten
t?.rl?n„?;olcr’ G i lU u 0,1! >'e Adrienne
oil!’ ilie Itaeoily wu. u.oq s i. t to a .lose
amid loud laughter, as may W tii.a B ,ue^
Vlt* airgraph in China.
The Hon. James llrooht, in one of his let
ters from Chum, has this account of the tele
graph in China;
“Tho trouble in erecting telegraph poles
is that a 6iipttp»DtJona Chinaman bHieves
(and all are more or lc«s luinerstitious) that
these poles will interfere with thp Funa-
Shuey, "innd and water,’- h epocien of
geoaianoy o? belief in the good or
ill luck attached to particular
local situations, that the Polos may
have struck. Geomaucy Is an occult i-cjcuee
here, and professors study it, and tell von
the plan for a house, or a grave, when'the
FnwhShuvjf will bless it. lo such an extent
is this supefbtitten existing, that when the
Catholics built their en<lu-*srs) higher than
the imperii*] wall, the uaU was wise?] higher
than the Cathedral, to want oft the Catho
lic J'intu-SJiney. Hiding pvor superstitious
roughshod is what even an intelligent man
darin does not like to do.
“Hence, circumstances and events must
control the erection of telegraphs, so_ indis
pensable for the unity ut a great Empire like
this, and not force. An ey.cut has just oc
curred which will hasten the erection of
telegraphs. The grand Pekin Council of
Scholars have just awarded two competitive
prizes to -Cantonese scholars, the highest
honors of the Empire. The news was sent
from Shanghai bv sea telegraph to Hong
Kong, and reached Canton days before the
nows could come overland. The Cantonese
astounded, and discredited the intclli
geneo until the long-looked fur Pekin OjHcitl
uazetie came overland and confirmed it.
inmi there was wonder, and marvel over
that intelligence, and all China, from north
to south, is asking if it will do to give for
the means of more rapid intercourse
tvitii the exterior of our empire, than we our
selves have. Intercat, their trade and com
merce, I think, will soon dispose of that
and give China tho telegraph,
■the graves of our ancestors,’ scattered
ov ®s cv r y Held in China, will he more difli
cult and dangerous to he dealt with’than this
f u **{hohwM! but the graves of our ances
tors will have lo go at last. All these opin
ions, even superstitious, in a frccitsh sort of
country like this, have, however, to he re
°vou h y Emperors and mandarins.
o have opened their groat river, one of
tue greatest rivers in the world, and by steam
we Americans do nearly all the coasting trade
lucre, with Shanghai. Mandarins now pre
fer our boats to their junks to travel in.
Lurope and America have taught Chinamen
how to cast cannon and to make rifles. Their
lactones, under our auspices, are almost
equal to ours. Theirriile, too,is as good as our
opnngiiold nfle. Their ships of war are now
putting on formidable fronts. If England
again comes in conflict with China, it will
not be so easj' a conquest as in her two last
Chinese wars.”
FOREIGN GQSSIP.
The London Crystal Palace aquarium is 400
icet long and seventy feet broad, and the to
tal capacity of all the tanks is 200,000 gallons
of water, weighing 1,000,000 pounds. Of sea
ancnioncs alone there are already in the
aquannm over 8,000 specimens. These flower
like annuals, being deprived in their captiv
ity of the ocean currents which bring them
their food, have to bo fed at frequent inter
vals, each having given to it a morsel of food
suited to its size.
—ln order that the daughters of British
1 ostmasters may lie made thoroughly con
versant with the use of telegraphic instru
ments, anartments have been titted up iu the
telegraph oflice. George street, London,
where they will bo instructed.
—Halt the land of England is owned by
less than 150 individuals, while 350.000 own
the remainder, Six people own half the land
of Scotland. Among the very rich la ndlords
of Groat Britain are the Dukes of 1 Bedford,
Portland, Buccleuch, and Southerland, the
Marnnises of Exeter, Salisbury, Northamp
ton, Westminster, and Camden, Eari Craven,
and Baron Portland. The Duke of Buc
cleuch owns six lordly city and country resi
dences—more even than the Qnccu —and the
puke of Southerland has four. The richest
individual in Great Britain is the IMarquis of
Westminster, who owns tnc outlre quarter
of Loudon called Westminster. Prom this
property he draws a rental of $2,500,000 an
nually. Involved iu this vast proprietorship
of lands in the hands of a few*- individuals
arc many of the social evils which are giving
rise to the present republican, movement in
England.
—ln Russia, medical quacks do not rate
very high. On the contrary, vigorous meas
ures arc sometimes employed to repressthem.
In Moscow, for example, a “doctor” of this
description, was lately ordered by the police
authorities to depart from the city. Having
a large number of customers, be failed to j
obey the mandate, and was consequently I
flogged and seut to the workhouse for one
year.
—The old guillotine of Bourges, which has
been in active use for half a century, is to
bo sold. Three amateurs—said to bo Eng
lishmen—offered 150 francs for it; but the
price was not deemed enough, and the offer
was, therefore, not accepted. This guillotine
is said to be one of the first constructed iu
tho time of Robespiere’s rcigu after the in
vent ion of Dr. Guillotin, and the would-be
English purchasers represented a recently
established museum in London, wherein are
collected n great number of instruments of
execution gathered from various lands.
—ALoudon letter says: “The universal
opinion here is that Watson, the clergyman
who is charged with the murder of his wife,
is insane. There is no other mode of account
ing for his crime. A friend of mine, who is
well aeqainted with him, describes him as
tho most amiable of men; and it is worthy
of remark that tho only charge preferred
against his administration of tho Stockwell
Grammar School was that his leniency to ob
stinate or wrong-headed pupils imperilled the
discipline of tho school. There appears too
much reason to believe that his mind was
unbalanced by tho incessant nagging which
he suffered from the tongue of his murdered
wife. To be ‘nagged’ at morning, noon and
night—year in and year out—must be a pun
ishment surpassing the fabled tortures of an
tiquity; and, at all events, this murder is a
deeply tragical lesson, which all incorrigible
scolds should take to heart. It is said that
Mr. Watson bears a singular resemblance to
the late Lord Palmerston—an odd coinci
dence for physiognomists to theorize upon.”
—A very ungallant journalist, who lias
recently visited all the courts of Europe,
says, iu a letter lo the Etoile lkhn\ that
be did not see a single good-looking Princess.
As for the Grand-Duchess Hereditary of Rus
sia t about whose beauty so much has beeu
written, he says she is a thin and sonr-look
ing creature, who appears to be over 30 years
of age. Queen Olga, of Greece, lie calls a
lert-looking little woman, who evidently
aeks brains. The Empress Augusta, of Ger
many, he charges with dressing in too youth
ful a style. “Her Majesty,” ho savs, is a
homely woman and so is her daughter-in
law, the fat and ungraceful Crown Princess.
The Princess Frederick Charles, in whom I
expected to find au angelic beauty, from
what I had read about a coarse-featur
ed lady, with very imperious and awkward
manners. She appeared to mo more like a
housekeeper or a fanner’s wife than a Prin
cess.”
St— Let Bohemians take heart; among arti
e es in a superb gold service, lately made in
England, aud costing £12,000, is mentioned a
large bash dish.”
The list of wills proved hi London
during one week lately, afforded remarkable
evidence of the profits of the manufacturers
of intoxicating Ihpiors and their ingredi
ents, and go far to mdurse|Lurd Hassell's re
cent statement as to the astounding eon
sumption of intoxicating drinks in Great
Britain. The will of Edward Wigan, hop
merchant was proved undersl,ooo,ooo person
alty that of W. Farrell, brewer, under
$1,500,000 personalty; that E. Wigrem,
brewer, under SBOO,OOO personalty; that of
E. Ind. brewer, under $400,000 personalty;
and that of W. Preston, distiller, muter
$1,250,000 personalty. In each case there was
probably very large real estate also.
—M. Henri'Taine, a distinguished French
writer and journalist, is publishing in tho
Paris Temp* a series of papers on England
and Englishmen, drawn from personal ob
servation. One of Ills latest sketches, that
on English morals, is rather entertaining.
Liko all true Frenchmen, M. Taino looks
upon Englishmen os curiosities, and cousid
ers'everything connected with them as tho
must curious thing Imaginable. From a
Frenchman’s standpoint the Englishman is
a bundle of eccentricities and a prolific source
of amusement. With tho English, says
Taino, the chasm which separates virtue
from vice is abrupt and deep there is no
stairway, as in France. The same thing may
be said of theirreligimi; upon one hand Para
dise, on tho other tho infernal regions; there
is no medium, no purgatory.”
—A young blacksmith in Loudon has
undertaken to earn money during the last
two years in a rather novel way. Haifa
crown fee is paid to the individual who gives
the first intelligence of tho breaking ont of a
lire. This diligent youth has set tire to 100
diflerenf buildings, with no other purpose
than obtaining {lie 109 half crowns. Tho
last time he was detected, and is now on
trial.
—An occasional contributor to the Jmftv
pcudaucc Jkhjc. the loading paper of Belgium,
conceived and executed a clover plan of
commending himself to the administration
of that journal. Ho inserted a paragraph to
the effect that a M. Dnßois had just died,
leaving an enormous fortune, to bo divided
among person* of the name of Dnßois who
could claim kinsnmnship with him, and fur
ther stated that full particulars about the
fortune would be given from time to time in
the iKilvpcndaucc, Now the Dnßois arc about
us numerous as the Smiths. Hundreds of the
atlluent instantly became subscribers of the
ImlciK udancv, and, in consequence, the hoax
er was put upon the regular stall', with a
good salary for hjs services.
—Whether Bisaiark' ever “Little
Dorritt” is a question, but he certainly ap
plied the “count tivc-and-twenty” principle
of Mr. Meagles to President Thiers pretty
effectually on the occasion of a recent inter
view. The latter began the conversation in
French, and, in the course of his remarks,
grew so bitter and personal that Bismark
I would* have been instiled jp breaking off the
interview. He. Iniwuvor, mildly interposed:
i “Let ns continue our remarks iu German.”
Whereupon Thiers, although well acquainted
with that language, found himself obliged
to procee/1 cautiously, and weigh each word
carefully, tans calmness was restored.
TJje Japanese 4mqa§sador in Paris
makes himself cbnspjcq qis w]th‘tissue paper
pocket handkerchiefs. hnch tioieljc |p.|s to
blow his nose (the change of cllmald has
brought on a cold) ho pulls forth a small
square of the lineat silver tissue, marked all
ovpr with cabalistic signs, which one would
think wov.U m,Jpc his cold worse. When he I
has used it he tnrosvs u nc and ns the
I/ann'u dc I’aris is imaginative he fs posacssed I
with the notion that these pocket handker
chiefs are banknotes. The consequence is]
the unfortunate sufferercaunot walk abroad i
without being followed Ijy trail of urchins
pitching htid tossing over each other fur the
dclichto squares aS they fall. Oil one occa- 1
G tf Hi? Ambassador, having duly sneezed,
put the ‘•upiYfSpd bank note back iu his
pocket, when li garodic behind pyjM out that.
His Lxeeileney rt wasn’t fair.”
—’Admail fanner residing iu the hamlet of
t 1 -,Oise. has, in g lit of i
mental aberration, deprived himself of sight,
i that he might no longer £o a of the
I occupation of his country li}- Uni Prussians,
I who bad burned down all his property in ills
presence, a member of his family perishing
i .n^ mcs had often threatened that
lls eyes, and everything
i V° was kept
put of his way. He, however, got uoid of a
n^iS l* !C r described tho Chiuese method of
blinding offenders of high position bv placing
a small portion of uuivk. l|me over the evea
and tying it down with n wet bandage. ‘He
procured some lime applied it iii this man
per; and destroyed lus sight,
-Patriotism m young ladies in Metz is tan
famonut to all the vn tr.es. A jou-pj; French
girl 0? that city recently refuscd.nT’mssiau
officer’s offer of marriage, with the result that
pn the nest day she received ten applications
THE CHICAGO TIHBUNE: SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1871
for her hand among the richest young men of
the town.
“The Khedive of Egypt haa stripped the
veils off of hU wives nnctseut them to school.
—Th£ old Duke of Anhalt recently sent an
agent to Berlin to negotiate with Prince Bis
mark about the annexation of his duchy to
Prussia. The Duke had proviously v sold all
the estates of the crown, pocketed
the money, and contracted a public
debt of $4,000,000, which he wanted
the Prussian Government to take from his
shoulders. Bismork, however, “didn’t see
it,”as the saying is. but replied to the Duke’s
agent: “Tell the Duke that, after he has
picked all the meat from the bone, ho may
now keep the dry bone, Wo do not want
it!” More successful was Duke Ernest
(brother of the late Prince Albert) of fcsaxe-
Coburg-Gotha, who is about to receive a
large pecuniary,. inTtemnihcation from the
Treasury of Prussia for the session of his
duchy. After the money has been paid, it is
said that Duke Ernest intends to pass the
next few years travelling iu Asia, Africa,
and Australia.
—ltaly, that laud of wonders, at present
has a sensation in the person of La xtegma
dal Gin, a peasant, whose skill in setting dis
located limbs surpasses that of trained
Italian surgeons—at least of those who
practice in and about Ceneda-Vittoria,where
she lives. Her mother had a M natural gift
for correcting distorted limbs, straightening
them out and setting them when they were
dislocated, and this gift she seems to have
bestowed upon her daughter. When yet
young the girl was accustomed attentively
to examine the legs of fowls aad other siuaQ
animals, and thus picked up some knowledge
of comparative anatomy, which she
afterward complemented by exam
ining that of a man at a hospital to which
she was admitted. She was unable to
read or write, and was m fact so grossly ig
norant as not to know the names of the
bones which she nevertheless set. when more
learned practitioners declared that such an
1 operation was impossible. Her great success
attracted the attention of physicians who
managed to have her sentenced to two
months’ imprisonment, although thesentenco
was not carried into effect. Finally, how
ever, public opinion decided that she was
not tube interfered with, and the authori
ties gave her permission to attend to as many
cases of luxation as she should choose to, and
so her native town has become famous, ami
cripples from oil parts of Europe dock to i
to bo healed
44 Mother Winslow, 44 the oldest Methodist
in this country, if not in tho world,” died at
her home in Canton, Maine, on tho 12th nit.,
at tho ago of JO4 years. She was the mother
of nine children, all of whom lived beyond
the ago of CO, and live of whom survive uer.
—The anniversary of the American Mission
ary Association was held recently at Hart
ford. The receipts for tho year were s2tkl,-
824.82. Tho debt, which at the close of 1870
was $77,841, has been reduced to $61,801.84.
During the year the society has established
0 churches, 7 chartered institutions, IS
graded and normal schools, and 65 common
schools. The number of members in the
churches is 2.744 the number of pupils en
rolled 1917,015.
—Garibaldi declares the Roman priesthood
the cause of far more wars in Italy than the
soldiers, .and urges all young Italians who
love peace to unite against the sacerdotal
power and intluenco.
—The value of tho entire church property
of New York city, including all denomina
tions, is computed at something like $200,000-
000. Trinity Corporation alono is put down
at $50,000,000. The richest sect on tue whole
is the Roman Catholic.
—lhu revised edition of the Bible in Chi
nese, which has for some time been preparing
at Pekin, is now nearly ready, and will soon
bo issued from the American Mission press,
within the walls of the caultul.
-—By the Committee of the Irish Chnrch,
who are sitting in Dublin revising the Litur
gy,, the only change of any importance
which, up to the present has been made, is
the excision of the damnatory clauses of
tho Athanasiau Creed.
“A Lutheran synod in Pennsylvania has
adopted the following resolutions “l. That
it is desirable to re-ostablish the office of dea
coness m our congregation 2. Thatbelieving
and intelligent women should bo regularly
appointed by the congregations and formally
inducted into office: and 3. That the synod
should instruct its Liturgical Committee to
prepare a form for the installation of such
officers and a general statement of the dutits
to bo attendedto bv them.”
—The .'imcHcou Lutheran of October2B an
nouiices in different paragraphs the recent
detection of four Luthonui|ministei*s to Home,
mul the transit of two others to the Presby
terian Church.
—1 ho Pacific Methodists have elected two
cx-Loveniors ami one ex-Congressman as
their lay representatives in the General Con
ference, Colorado has sent a Territorial
Governor, and Indiana a Senatorialex-Gov
eruor.
—Holmes, u Methodist minister, has
been received as a candidate for holy orders
in tlie Episcopal Church at Leavenworth,
Kansas.
—Father Ilyaciutho intends to preach a
senes of sermons in Paris.
—Slcthodist churches were built in this
country in 1870 at (ho rate of nearly four to
every working day, tho number being over
twelve hundred.
—The Anie.nean Bible Society has recently
jssuecl the Gospel ofMatthew iu the language
of tho Isez Perces, or Flathead Indians, of
Oregon.
—I he expense of administering tho funds
of the Missionary Board of the Presbyterian
Church is 4 per cent: of the Baptist Foreign
Board, 15; of the Episcopal Board, 10; of the
Methodists, Home ana Foreign together,
4 1-2: Reformed Church Board, 71-2; Ameri
can Bible Society Foreign Mission, 8 1-2 per
cent. 1
File Rev, Septimus Tiistin, I). D., whoso
death in Washington City is announced, has
long occupied a prominent position in the
1 resbyterian Church, ami served for several
tonus as Chaplain to the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States.
—According to the English Independent,
there are 3,0ti5 Congregational churches, be
sides about 3,000 preaching “stations,” in
the British Empire. The number of minis
ters is 2,008.
—The Evangelist states that there are iu
hew York city at least four Presbyterian
churches, each one of which spends more in
the salary of its pastor, support of their
choir, etc., than it costs to conduct the
whole business of the Presbyterian Board of
Foreign Missions, which extends its opera
tions to all parts of the earth.
—Mr. Thrall and Dr. Cooper have their
followers in the Old Country. “A Free
Church of England,” independent of Episco
>al control, has been established at Wolver
inmpton.
—The Indeitendanec Beige is authority for
the statement that M. Thiers, under the
Latin appellation of Dux Franvonum, has re
ceived from the Pope the honorary title of
Canon of St. John Late ran of Rome.
—The movement toward uniting the Bap
tists ami the Disciples which has been in
progress in Ohio has developed considerable
strength. A deputation of Baptists, it will
be remembered, visited the convention of
tho Disciples, when it was last in session,
and presented a clear and fair statement of
tho doctrinal position held by the Baptist
churches, pointing out those particulars in
regard to which, as it was supposed, there
might be important dillerence. This depu
tation was received with the utmost kind
ness. Its representations were accepted in a
spirit of candor, and a deputation was ap
pointed to visit the Baptist Convention ut
its next meeting, and lay before it a similar
statement of tho belief of the Disciples,
This has just been done, with apparently
good results.
—Tho London Recorder announced the
death of Charlotte Elliott, the authoress of
tnc well-known hymns Just as I am,” ami
My God my Father, while I stray.”
—Tho overture Is it right or proper for a
ministerof our Church to administer tho
rite of baptism byiunnersion t” was presented
to the Presbytery of Lafayette, Iml. The
Conmnttoc on Bills mid Overtures returned
for answer Emphatically no,”
—The Now York Trilunc says: “The
most startling figures visible on Fifth ave
nue now are the four life-size, full-winged,
trumpet-bearing gilt angels on the four cor
nel's of the Rev. Robert Howland’s Episco
pal Church, near Forty-fifth street.”
~The Catholic population of America is es
timated at A.000.0U0, with 4,SOD pin sts, wor
shipping in 4,250 churches" and 1,700 chapels
ana stations.
—Only 4-51 out of tho 3,121 Congregational
churches iu the laud have contributed
toward tho Home of tho denomination in
Boston. Tho committee having the affair
in charge now call upon the delinquent
chtfrchfcs to make up the $82,000 which is still
needed to give security to the enterprise.
—Tho Rev. Dr. M. A. D’lVolfe Howe, who
has just beep elected Hishop of* the New
Central Pennsylvania Diocese of the Prot
estant Episcopal Church, has been fur many
years rector pf St. Lnke’s Church iu Phila
delphia* Dp Uqwe was elected Missionary
Bishop of Nevada by tfio General Cduveiition
of 1805, but declined the nostion. hi his
religions views he is classed with the Low
Church party, although ho is a strong op
ponent of church divisions, and is iu no
sense a partisan.
—'£ljo Kiim of Bunnali lias informed Pro
fessor Mai Muller, through bis |‘rimo Minis
ter, thcPakhaurMairgyee, that be is print
ing a complete edition of the Three Becda
ghats” (the Tripitaka. that is. the Holy
Scriotures of the Buddhists) in Pali, the ta
brccflaUßtiagc pt Buddhism, with a view to
having ii tilterwaKl translated into Bjjnncs*}
and English, V so us td spread the knowledge
of the Buddhist religion both in Europe and
America; jjod that the English people may
become acquainted vith the principles of
the Buddhisffhith, and thus cause this Vine
dom to become fuxiious in the world’s
history.”
—ln the debate of the last Diocesan Con
veutjqn ot the Episcopal Church in Missouri,
at which a new ouuou Was adopted rpnjjiring
lay delegates to bo communicants, tho Rev.
Dr. Easter stated that he had known a gen
tleman who one day was a judge of a horse
ranti tile next day took liis seat as a del
egate.
r Pa,! says:,‘.‘The Holy
Cit> of Jerusalem appears ftfnm ail'acoonhts
fp be at present the scene of bickoVide and
contention- The Armenian clergy* dcnytlui
yight ox the Catholic's to otliciate in the Ar
menian Convcufc of dames at Jerusalem.
last tw« years have refused them
admittance to the convent on St. James’Day.
The Amemmis maintain that the convent
haafcevet* had the character of a mixed sane-
tELIGIOUS.
JjSjy» been all along exclusively Ar-
SSJS? ll J ,r ?P®rty, and that Uie right of offi
-111 the Catholic priests now
SJJJJEJ* never anything but a privilege
eoU t?^ Conce ded by the Armenians as a
S'yhich they are at liberty at any time
ffis' ok f-.i *tia further alleged that some-
SS? B, k: officiating in the Armenian con-
Catholic preachers did not heai
ÜBe injurious expressions regarding
f{|® i Armenians, which would account for
JS resolutely maintaining their right
zi
r* V ie .Catholic monks is said to have de
-7»,m! *A as a misfortune to see that sauctu
r*f, lu the hands of infidels, alluding, of
♦Ju 1 80 to Armenians. The Catholics pro
n, 5 war mly against the proceedings of
JJ® *Annenmns, and the affair has been re
iSfSr to the Porte, which, however, has as
thl Crowned no decision. On unotberpoint
iue iutkisu Government has given judgment,
it has declared the Church of St. George, at
has long been the subject of an
dispute between the Latins and the
to the exclusive property of the
..?i; er ’i the Governor has made the de
wV'l kuow l to the Greek Patriarch, who
nnc® measures for restoring the
ancient edifice.”
QUIPS.
r^lt}i'ii oa arm y daring the war had two
ButUr* lookers—" Fighting Joe” and Ben
nn in,? aiu *Y e 9 shore is disgusting,but a swell
a s “'ckening.
n( bgnant gas consumer says that
fa* ti. s ao usi r m “busing the gas companies,
tor they’ve always a vile retort ready,
m n A 5?,' nW r who has lost all his greenbacks
e c lauu With Shakspeare: “So
much for bucking ’em.”
fieht Pi Mar y Walker is disgusted at
SI?« ;.P an t aloonß coming into fashion again.
of tongs t leJ lake er leßß look like a pair
Now Y or t IForM accounts for the iu
hrlliil i of "*e soses by saying that in early
iiie rae boy masters his opportunities, while
me girl commonly misses nera.
G “TjA speaker at the Pittsburgh Woman
oimrage Association meeting remarked that
only an imperfectly developed
Oman*
*V “iiL Indiana hall, wo are informed by
the local paper. nothing transpired that
angels might not hear.”
„„.A U -tlahaina paper speaks of a colored
8 baring ilislocatcdhis shoulder in
the peroration.” He was evidently guilty of
disjointed utterances. b J
-V wise Frenchman says: “If a ladv says
1 can never love you.’ wait a little Icmgor;
anil hope is not lost. But if she says. No one
lias more sincere wishes for your happiness
than I,’ take your hat.”
01 t i1 1 S“n Francisco, a rcj'ectcd lover
named Kelley, dunned his favored rival for
money spent m courting the lady. Tho par
tieuhirs are not as yet made public, for; as
the Call Hays: “As Sir. Kelley is at the hos
lutal suffering from live gashes with a bowie
■iliy Ve laVt consulted him persou
—House-painters and ships might bo term
ed liners of wood and drawers of water, if
anybody was reckless enough to say it.
that foreign'lady with alow-
S. asked a bystander at a party
■I ja.SlrSvCheinisoff, u Russian lady,”
-The largest dealers ’in small article* are
£l »e Quakers with their thoua-and the’s,
May why don’t you speak f asked lit
tle Jake, \\hy don’t you say suthiu fun-
n J hat cau I say T Can’t you you
sec I’m busy frying doughnuts f Say some
thing funny. indeed?” “Wal, yer might
say. Jake, won t yer have a cake, that ’ud be
funny for sure.”
“ilio ill-natured Saturday Jleview says;
Dress oyer was and ever will be as webs
spread in the way of woman’s righteousness,
ao doubt i*ve frilled her apron of fig leaves
before she bad worn it a day.”
—A Connecticut Deacon nearlv captured
ii\o boys who had been devastating his
chestnut trees on Sunday afternoon. Shak
ing his fist after their retreating forms, he
nJiCTilyshouted: “The sneaking little dev
ils .if I had hold of ’em one minute, I’d
and then suddenly espying his pastor on the
scene, ho immediately added, r l’d prav for
’em! J
—Mummies do not look as though they
were in a hurry, yet it is certain that at first
they must have been pressed for time.
A country paper remarks—“ Cold nights
have put a stop to gate sparking. If she
aou t ask you to come in now, you had bet
ter quit.”
—A Michigan doctor who was arrested be
cause his patient died, has bceu acquitted on
the ground that he did tho best he could,
giving all the medicine ho know the names
of.
—The height of impudence—Takingshcltor
from the ram in an umbrella shop.
Little girl (inquiringly)—“ Mamma, who
p you making all of these nice littleclothos
forf Mamma (feelingly)—“l am making
them for a poor littlo baby, who hasn’t a rag
to its name.” Little girl (sympathetically)—
Mamma, was it burned out in Chicago f”
—A little four-year-old being asked -by his
mother if ho would not like to have wings
ami be an angel, replied, “No, ina, I’d rather
bo a hawk and live on chicken.”
The Saturday Rvvicic says that Americans
have a strange fondness for lyccniusand pies.
—A Kentucky conversation.—“Hello,dar,
you darky, wlmt you axe for dat ole blind
mule, hey! Well, I duuno; guess I mout
take thirty-hvo dollars.” “Thirty-five dol
lars. 111 give you five.” “Well, \'ou may
have ’nn; I won’t stand on thirty dollars—in
a mule trade.
—Of the woman question, a lady says, in a
communication to the DcsMoines Register'.
v may look at this matter in whatever
light you will, but simmer it down, and it is
but a quarrel with the Almighty that we are
not all men
suppose, says the
Oakland (Cal.) Lcho, that the presence of so
many young ladles would make it very quiet
and orderly about the State University.
But. as a matter of fact, there is more bustle
in the university now than at any previous
—A Juilgo in lowa attempted to settle tho
disputed ownership of a calf, Solomou-fash
ion, by depositing the animal midway be
tween the residences of the contesting par
ties. and noting the direction it took. The
cuif, who was not posted in the Scriptures,
cocked Ins tail and bounded over the fence,
ana was iu the next township before the
counsel had time to move an arrest of judg
ment.
A correspondent of a New York paper re
iates a touclnpg instance of insect instinct
as follows: I found a cockroach struggling
l water. I took half a peanut
shell for a boat. I put him into it and gave
bjm two wooden toothpicks for oars ana left
him. The next morning I visited him, and
he had put a piece of white cotton thread on
one of the toothpicks, and set that tooth
pick up on end ns a sign of distress. He had
a hair on the other toothpick, and there that
cockroach sat a-tlshiug. Tho cockroach, ex
hausted, had fallen asleep. Tho sight melted
mo to tears. I never had to chew leather to
get a soul. I was born with one. I took that
cockroack out, gayebim a spoonful of gruel,
and left. That animal never forgot that act
of kindness, and now my house is chuck full
of cockroaches,”
Visitor the Emperor of Russia to Asiatic
Russia.
The Ctmc<i*e gives tho details of tho grand
reception of tho Emperor of Russia at Tlflis,
iu Asiatic Russia. Tho Emperor, accompan
ied by the Czarovitz and cue Grand Dukes
Vladimir Alcxamlrovitz and Michael Nichol
aievitz, reached the boundaries of tho Gov
ernment of Titlis on tho Ist ult., and at the
pass of Daricl, where he left tho province of
Terek, tho lust province iu Europe, the pass
above mentioned being the natural boun
dary between the great continents of Europe
and Asia. Hero the imperial party were re
ceived by the Governor of Tiflis, the Marshal
of the nobles in tho government, and the
commandant of the district of Douschcte,
with a guard of honor consisting of tho inha
bitants of tho locality. After a momentary
halt ho continued his journey, and iu less
than an hour tho Imperial travellers arrived
at tho picturesque station of Kazlwik. where
a deputation of Osseto Chiefs awaited them;
fnmutheuco to the station of Godouor tho in
habitants of the neighborhood thronged the
wads, and in tho evening tho Emperor
halted for the night at Metis, while
the surrounding mountains were illumined
with festival fires. On tho 2d ult. ho contin
ued his journey, and, at t» 1-2 a, m., reached
Dousehete, where the Marshal of tho nobles
and the .Judges of thodistrict received him.
Several noble ladies presented a gift to the
Emperor, and tho Georgian Prince, Thaddeua
Oouromuff, also presented him with an offer
ing of the finest fruits. Fifty horsemen,
chosen from the tribes of the Tousshius, Po
ebavos, and Khervsuurs. here joined the Em
peror’s escort. At Misekohta he proceeded,
at onpe to the ancient church—a building
originally erected iu the year AD. 378, and
rcslpml at tho eiid of the tifteeuth century.
Here the* Imperial party were received by
the clergy, and by the commandant of tin
district of Titlis. with a guard of honor from
the tribes of the Bortchalis and Agalavres.
This guard of honor was reinforced on the
onward road to Titlis by a detachment from
tho body-guard of the Grand Duke, Lieuten
ant to tho Emperor in tho Caucasus, Bcfon
entering Titlis, the Kiniioror halted to pay a
visit to the camp near the town, where tin
party were received by tho Commandant
jcueral Aido-de-Camp Prince Tarahane
Moonravoff. At the entrance of the Impe
rial tent was stationed a guard of honor
from the teglinerit *of Frivan, which
bears the Emperor's name; and iu the tent
ho was received by the Grand Duchess Olga
Feodoruvne and the Grand Dnk© Nicbola*
Micnaelovitz. After a brief halt iu the tent
the Lmperor came out, wearing tho uniform
of tliQ fegiimmt of Erivan. and reviewed tin
regitnentfern the camp, after which the im
perial travellers went on to Tiflis, precede*',
by the Marshal of tho nobles and the Geor
gian Princess and nobility forming a guard
of honor, &c., following their banner. Tin
authorities of Tiflis met the Emperor clos*
to the entrance to tho town, where stands i
cross erected in commemoration of tin
preservation of the life of tin
Czar Nicholas. Hero tho Empero*
devoutly crossed himself, and here the brem
ami salt were presented by a deputation o
the municipality. Many of the deputie
5 wore medals commemorating tho visit pan
I to Titlis ])y the Jate Czar. The Emperor hav
i lug received loyal address, visited tin
catiiiHlral, when* tho Exarch of Georgia
with' n largo number of the clergy uttende*
i him, and where Te Deam was sung. Tin
delegates from the* various corporations o
t the province bore their distinctive banners,
and tho town was lavishly hang with gay 1
flags and pendants. In the evening the town
wasiunminated, and the people held high
festival ufitil midnight.
A RECEPTION AT THE VATICAN,
The Ptpe the American Calamities.
Romo (Oct 20) Correspondence of the New York
m. Evening Post.'
v *°P® to-day held a reception at the
vatican, at wbicha score or more of English,
Amen cans and Italians were present. Those
visitors were escorted to the nsual waiting
room* a rather dreary yet stately apartment,
marked with the Papal arms, adorned with
“Mied frescoes, and with a throne at one end.
luo ladies, dressed in black and wearing
black lace veils, and the gentlemen, arrayed
m ordinary evening costume, hut all without
gloves, were ranged on seats along the wall,
and dnnng the hour of waiting could be
mile the time by speculating upon the
identity of the various Cardinals, priests
and other ecclesiastical officials, who
from tune to time flitted by on their
P n vate audiences with the Pope.
The coming of the Poutifl was announced
by the appearance at the door of two Swiss
Guards in the Papal uniform of red and yel
low, but otherwise there was no pomp of pre
paration. Following half a dozen of militarv
men and a dozen or so of ecclesiastical offi
cials came Pins IX.. dressed in a long white
gown bound around the waist by a silken
sash trimmed with gold. On his head he
wore a white skll-cap. Ho was introduced
to his visitors by an official, and spoke a few
words to each.
To the group of Americans the Pope showed
especial attention. Placing his hand on the
uead of the little girl who was one of fhe
party, he expressed his pleasure at
seeing strangers from such a distant.
inere have heeu mauy Americans
uere this season already,” said
he, in excellent French. 44 Your country
is now experiencing great suffering through
vast conflagrations. I don’t refer merely to
the destruction of Chicago, hut to the great
nrcs in the woods beyond it. This is all very
of God” remember aro ali iu the hands
pressing to the other side of the room
Pius XX. proceeded to speak to three ladies,
who had placed themselves there apart from
the others. They all fell on their knees, and
one pf them grasping the Pope’s hand cov
ered it with kisses, while she anxiouslvpour
ed forth some hurried words as if asking a
favor which to her was of the greatest im
portance. „Itis etiquette not to reply
to the remarks of the Pope at
these receptions unless he should
make some direct questiou; but this lady
disregarded all rules in tho anxiety of her
appeal, and Pius IX. was obliged to cut her
short by turning to tho assembled company,
to whom ho gave in Italian the usual bene
diction. Almost all kuclt at this moment,
the Cardinals andpriestssettingthoexaiuple.
rlion, with a courteous inclination of the
head, tho Pope left tho room, followed by the
clcnry.
Pius IX. is a very handsome old man, with
a manner at once shrewd and bland. Heap
pears to bo in excellent health for a person
of Ins advanced years, and though he had a
shuffling gait, inseparable perhaps from Ills
rather inconvenient costume, there was no
thing m his actions to denote physical weak
ness or anything approaching decrepitude.
As mauy stories have been lately circulated
about the feeble state of his health, it is as
well to remark here that he seems to bo and
most probably is a vigorous old gentleman,
likely to see a still greater length of days
than he has already enjoyed. His allusions
to the recent disasters in tho United States
(then fresh news in Rome), show that ho is
kept well informed on current topics.
The Americans here have informly ex
pressed their sympathy with the Chicago
suflerera. by callmgat the office of tho United
States Consul to gain information, and many
of them have contributed to tho relief fund.
The artists and sculptors studying in the
Ironch Academy—most of them young men
of limited moans—have sent a contribution
of two hundred francs to the fund.
UPHILL.
Doe* the road wind up hill all the wav
res, to tho very end.
Will the journey take the whole long day 1
From morn to night, my friend.
But is there for the night a resting place t
A roof for when the slow dark hours begin.
not the darkness hide It from my face i
You cannot that inn.
Shall I meet other wayfarers at night!
Those who have gone before.
Then must I knock, or call when just hi sight!
They will not keep you standing at the door.
1 And comfort, travel sore and weak 1
Of labor you shall find tho sum..
v> 111 there be beds for me and all who seek 1
Yes, beds for all who conic.
Christina Rosetli.
The Destruction «f pine in ffUchigan.
From the Detroit Tribune.
A very erroneous impression lias got abroad
respecting the amount of pine timber de
y the recent devastating fires in
this otate. It seems to be the current belief
in many quarters that a largo proportion of
the timber in our forests has been damaged,
or thrown down. Nothing could v. j further
from the truth. While this fact is true in
certain localities, it is not true in much the
largest part of tho pine region. The greatest
destruction of property by these fires took
placemHuron and Sinilac Counties; but
m both the great bulk of pine had been al
ready cleared oil, and only scattering bodies
of timber remained, so that tho loss in this
particular was comparatively small. Timber
in liispola County suffered, perhaps, mure
severely than iu any other county
n* the State, aud most of it was
of a choice quality. There wore
alwi considerable quantities in the
adjoining territory of Lapeer aud Genesee
Counties. Iho destruction was also consid
erable m Midland and Isabella Counties.
Put when this enumeration is made, most of
the pine country visited is included. Bay
and bagmaw Counties have comparatively
no timber standing. In the An Sable and
Alpena Districts the tires have done next to
no damage ut all to tho standing trees, main
ly burning over clearings or slashings.
If any one will take the trouble to look at
amapof Michigan he will see that the vast
bulk of the pine producing region lies north
of the counties wo have named on the east
ern side of the State. And all this region, as
yet well nigh an unbroken wilderness, lias
been unvisited by the destroying element.
Upon the west side of the State there bas
been still greater immunity. The
only river whose contiguous timber
has been ravaged is tho Pore Marquette,
which mils through the centre of’ Mason, the
lower part of Lake, and into tho upper part
of Is e way go. The Muskegon and White
Rivers are free, and so is the Manistee,
throughout its length of 300 miles, only the
citv at its month, and bearing its name, hav
ing been destroyed. The destruction of pine,
as a simple item by itself, aud reckoning by
the millions of feet, Is largo; but the amount,
when compared with the wealth of forests
still standing, is almost insignificant.
It is a safe estimate, aud within bounds to
say that not more than 5 per cent of the
standing pine timber of the State has been
reached by fire. Of this amount, not to ex
ceed 1 per cent will bo lost. Tho balance will
be cut this winter, at some extra cost in
money and labor, but saved from absolute
loss and made available for tbe market at,
perhaps, some diminution of profit to the
manufacturer.
The IHath #f Aadltar Ucacral Stanton, of
Pennsylvania.
The cause of the death of Dr. David Stan
ton, Auditor General elect, is given in a let
ter from two of his intimate friends, who
were present at bis bedside at tho time of
his decease. It is stated that, about six
weeks ago. Dr. Stanton made two jtost mor
tem examinations, in doing which he was
obliged, for over an hour, to handle decom
posing tissue and to inhale impure air. No
immediate bad result was observed, but iu
about lour weeks symptoms of cadaveric
poisoning, which is poisoning from a dead
body, manifested themselves, and on Novem
ber 3 there appeared ou his left cheek a snot
of erysipelas inflammation, which on the
next day extended over the whole cheek and
half of the uose. The face was exceedingly
tender, and the burning pain gave him no
rest. As he had lost sleep for several nights,
the attending physician advised a small in
jection of morphine, and offered to ad
nnnister this remedy. Dr. Stanton, how
ever, refused the offer, ami said that
he would not take tho morphia until near
Ihml time. Between 7and Biu tho evening
Dr. Stantou inserted one grain of morphia in
to tho inner part of tho arm near its junction
with tho shoulders. He dropped into a
pleasant sleep in a short time, but iu about
two hours the character of his breathing be
came alarming uudho could not be awakened.
His breathing was stertorous, tho action of
the heart was feeble and irregular, the pupils
of the eye was greatly contracted, tho ex
tremeties cold, and the stupor profound
Physicians were scut for and immediately
imvcd, and every remedy and appliance
known to science were used for his relief
but without avail, and ho expired ou Nov. o’
it half-past 1 iu tho tparuiug.
The attending physicians are of opinion
that the death of Dr. Stanton was caused by
the unusually prompt and complete absorp
tion of tho morphia, prostrating a svstem al
ready disorganized by “cadaveric” poison
ing.
mrckleabart-Vchwtrin.
The feudal old State of Mecklonburg-
Schwerin is just now the scene of intense
political excitement. Nine-tenths of the
:>eople demand imperatively that the present
feudal institutions of the grand duchy shall
*>e replaced by a liberal parliamentary con
stitution but Grand Duke Frederick Frau
ds stubbornly refuses. Thereupon the
Mayors of all the cities, most of them ap-
Kiinted by the Grand Duke himself, and
wenty thousand farmers and peasants have
ippcalcd for relief to the German
Parliament in a remarkable petition.
They intimate that, if the Parliament should
refuse or neglect to do them justice, very se
rious troubles will follow. In Berlin it was
ixpected that the Parliament would simply
refer the petition to Prince B ism ark, ana
:bat he, though opposed to the present state
if affairs in Mecklenburg, would be unable
so do anything, becpqae of the Emperor’s
fondness for the Grand Duke, bis favorite
lophew. But we learn to-day that a major
fcy of nil tbe members of the Parliament
tave pledged themselee to support a resolu
ion directly instructing the government to
a J ib constitution is e»-
tabllihed in Mecklenburg.
IRELAND.
The Education Question —Demand! of;
the Catholic Clergy*
Dublin (Oct. 31) Correspondence o 1 the London Times,
p ,i. P v ,f roU3 Pastoral from the Roman
catholic Bishops on the education question
on Sunday to the clergy and
f *he archdiocese of Dublin. It ex
ver slx columns of close type, and is
toJ^n'???,? a i gea J J y ,on S that a devoted even-
I ufliS’ 'ylnojj regards such manifestoes
ohm awu obliged to adopt the
a Mrtio^f.f?, p,, larß f rials ““d. after printing
mm t v iV. IV Steaks oil* at an interesting
ffiiuim. o *?n .V l ovoklu P«>Di'»e "to he
'SSV&Wfetfcas
would have imposed a heavy burden
wJ'n.ri 1 du i ty V whole document
not read,. but Bonly the prefatory
portions. The rest was “taken as read.” a
course which is sometimes adopted for the
saKe ot convenience when voluminous re
ports are presented to public assemblies. The
<f?Hsiderately published in extenso
tor the satisfaction of tnose who desire to eu
jo> the full perusal of it. Attached to it are
gJP n S ?l s o£ c *uxhnal Cullen and twenty
hve Bishops. The demands are summed
up as below
1 1. viU aVe Catholic education in all its
intermediate, auduniver
vmi we d° m aud for you, and
JSi-'.JS C at hphc parents, demand for vour
ed to t h t?.i egal ”8/Und,as far as it is aftbrd
?our .fc', fro tbe State t0 discharge
>our duty of educating your children in ac-
ta. 1 V tbe ‘list l B of yonrconscience
amd the teaching of the Catholic Church, of
y members. As to primary- cdu
cation, therefore, we demand:
n F yr all schools which aro exclusively
Cathohfj.tlie removal of all restrictions upon
religions instruction, so that tho fullness ot
distinctive religions teaching may enter into
{|P“S 0 lly secular education, with
£*r 111tl»erty for the use of Catholic books and
religious emblems, and for the performance
of religious exercises, and that the right be
recognized,of the lawful pastors of tbo chil
dren in such schools to have access to them
to regulate the whole business of religious
instruction in them, and to remove objection
able books, if any. In such schools, the
■dfbe Catliolics°k S and tlle ius P®®t«rs should
a. That the public money should never be
»*'d in tlm work of proselytism.
o. I hat in mixed schools where the chil
dren of any religion would bo so few us not
lo po entitled to a grant fora separate school,
stringent conscience clauses should bo en
forced, so as to guard, as far as possible,
ov .mi suspicion of proselytism.
be abolfshed exißtil,g mulle schools should
traiui “S schools, male and
female, should bo established, iu which
teachers would be educated, morally and
religiously, as well as intellectually, and in
accordance with Irish tradition and feelings,
for the holy ofhee of teaching tho Catholic
children of Ireland. The reasonableness of
this demand is manifest from the fact that
°f b number of teachers in Ixelaud—
about J.OOO--thcro are iu schools connected
'vith the Board about un
trained.
}P intermediate education, wo demand
tnat the large public endowments now mo
nopolized by schools in which you and we
ha.e noconhdenee, and many of which are
directly hostile to tho Catholic religion,
should be taken up by a commission in
the Catholics of Ireland would have full
continence; that the commission thus ap
pointed should be merely for financial pur
poses, and should hold the endowments in
£o r keuetit of tho whole nation,
of all the intermediate schools in Ireland
without religious distinction, and for the
I general advancement of middle-class educa
tion; that tho nationalfuud thus hold should
bo devoted to tho encouragement ot iutenuc
diato education by means of exhibitions open
to the competition of all youths under a cer
tain ago. and to payment by results to every
institution established for middle-class edu
cation, the examinations being conducted in
snob a manner as to preclude the possibility
ot partiality, or ot interference with the ru
nTo,.s principles of ilny competitor or of :iny
As regards the higher edncatidli (we re
peat the words of tho resolutions adopted by
the Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland in
August, 18(39,) since the Protestants of this
country have had a Protestant University
with rich endowments for 300 years, and
have it still, tho Catholic people of Ireland
dearly have a right to a Catholic University.
u .V,. B Homd Her Majesty’s Government be
umvilliugto increase the uuiuherof universi
ties m this coimtry. religious equality can
not bo realized unless the degrees, endow
ments, and other privileges. enjoyed by our
fellow-subjects of a different religion, bo
placed within the reach of Catholics on
terms of perfect equality. Tho injustice of
denying to us a participation in those advan
tages, except at the cost of principle and con
sciences, is nggravated by the consideration
that, while wo contribute our share to tho
public funds for tlie support of educational
institutions from which conscience warns us
away, we have t> moreover, to tax ourselves
for the education of our children iu our
own colleges and universities.
Should it please Her Majesty’s Govern-,
meut, therefore, to remove the many griov-j
nuces to which Catholics are subjected by
existing University arrangements, and to
establish one national University in that
kingdom for examining candidates and con
ferring degrees, the Catholic people of Ire
land are entitled iu justice to demand that
111 ml University, or annexed to it,
(a) rliey shall have one or more colleges,
conducted upon purely Catholic principles,
and at the same time fully participating in
the privileges enjoyed by other colleges, of
whatsoever denomination or character.
-That the University honors and emolu
ments bo accessible to Catholics equally
with their ITotcataut felluw-snbject«.
Iliat. tlio examhiatUnis ami other de
tails ot University arrangements be free
from every luflucnco hostile to the religions
sentiments of Catholics, ami that with this
view the Catholic oleinentbeadeqiiately rep
resented upon the Senate, or other supremo
University body, by persons enjoying the
confidence of the Catholic Bishops, priests,
and people of Ireland.
All this can, we believe, bo attained bv
modifying the constitution of the University
of Dublin, so as to admit the establishment
of a second college, iu every respect equal to
//mity College, and conducted on purely
Catholic pnuciplcs, in which your Bishops
slnul have full control iu all things regarding
faith and morals, securing thereby the spir
itual interests of your children, placing at the
same time Catholics on a footing of perfect
equality with Protestants, as to degrees,
emoluments, and all other advantages.^
The Genera (Wla.) Bank Bebberf.
Geneva, Wla. (Nov. 14), correspondence of the Elkhart
Incopundent.
On eduesday night tho hank in this
village was entered by burglars, effecting an
entrance through an upper window, fronting
Mam street; the right door of the large Her
ring safe was bored with a half-inch drill,
powder forced in, and the front of the door
containing the lock blown off; the inner
drawer bored and blown out also, and its con
tents stolen, consisting of over $1K),000 in
greenbacks and about SIO,OOO in bonds, the
private property included. The bonds were
left uninjured. Within a few minutes
of the lime of the explosion another
took place in tho grist-mill of Gilbert
Barber, rending the safe more generally
Mian in the hunk. The contents were
all taken out, lain upon the door
and examined, but their booty was
small, there being but $8 in money in it: this
amount, however, they had the impudence to
take. The robbery doubtless took place ear
ly m the morning (Thursday) and us soon a*
discovered, parties started out on every road
from Geneva, those going to Hebron heliov
ingthcy got upon their track, hut nothing
definite has been found out nor any arrests
made up to this (Tuesday) inclining. What
the future muv develop wo. will not venture
to predict. All things considered, this was a
bold and skilfully executed robberv, the
party being around town all the previousdav.
surveying their held of operation, getting
their drill made at a blacksmith shop, a tin
tube for conveying the powder to itsdestiua
turn aiso-ut the hardware store of T.C. Smith
of a peculiar description, claiming it was foi
the mtrnose of oiling a patent machine
which they were inventing, which they
could not do with on-oil cun: purchasing
twouty-livo pounds of Hour at tho mill, ol>:
serving tho safe very carefully, etc. The
explosion was heavy, and aroused several
sleeping in tho same and adjoining build
ings, one of whom got up, looked out doors,
and smelt the powder, but thinking it was
the caunou iu celebration of tho great Ro
publican victory, suspected nothing wrong
and retired, Tina great loss falls chiefly upon
President S. D. Richardson but, neverthe
less, all depositors will receive every dollai
due them, and business will he resumed thh
week in the book store of C. E. Bnhre, whose
safo will bo used until a new one of the besi
stylo can bo obtained. There are. many whi
sutler in this affair. Of course all who lofi
bonds in tho safe for present keening will
lose them. Wc have not learned the namet
of nil the losers, but have hdnrd that Rev. E
Cl. Miner loses $3,500: Chua. Vipham, $330.
A Pillar of Fire 30,000 miles High.
Mr. C. A. Youug, the astronomer aud ob
server at the head of tho astronomical de
partment of Dartmouth, has communicated
to the Boston Journal of Cbemintry an inter
esting paper on an explosion on tho auu.
which occurred about uoou ou the 7th of
September last.
There oppeared an enormous protuberance
or hydrogen cloud on the eastern limb of tin
sun, on the 6th, which remained until upon
of tho 7th, described as a low, quiet-lookinc
cloud, not very douse or brilliant, nor in anv
way remarkable, except for its size.” It waa
about 100,000 miles loug by 30,000 miles high
The observer was called away at 12:30. and,
returning in about half uu Lour, found that
thore hud been a grand disruption.
rhe whole thing had been blown to shred
by some inconceivable upheaval. The ah
seemed to be Mlcd with *driJ'”a mals o,
detached ftisiform filaments rapidly ae
ceudmg. lien lirst noted after returning ti
the 9bservalion, sonif» them had reached
a height of nearly 100,000 miles, continuing
to rise with a motion almost marked by the
eye, until in ten minutes tho uppermost wort
more than 200,000 miles from the solar sur
face.
The filaments gradually faded as they rose,
and at 1:15 ouljr a fewUimsy wispe, witn Borne
bright, r streamerslower uuwu, remained o
mark the place. Mr, Young noted sew ol«
end of the clonti
similar to our terrestrial Ssfialous 11,883
a tlmniier-hcwl, e3t l {f i C v ond kno as.
a wonderful change re P«sented
developed into a iLiss of and
patently, crowded down at fite®. ft 11
surface of the sun, then shot Vf®
50,000 miles in height. when I> S» r tI!J. aU>
drawn out into long filaments and tLeld*,
which were curiously rolled
downwards like the volutes of an loni^pil
This faded away like the other, ami at 2:10
had .heap,,oared. The whole phenomena
had the appearance of an explosion beneath
the extraordinary prominence, spendine Us
forces mainly m an> upward direction, some
outward m all mrectious, foiloVed b”
au inrush us though a vacnm had be»*n
created.
A $25,000,000 DIAMOND.
U«w a Georgian Lout Ilia Forme.
StciTe‘,,tn r^™.} ly published work by Dr.
of tllo 8tS?« nfrr le mineralogy, &c„
°u- Geor sm. WO take the/oIW
miVs oxtail g p acc unt the diamond
Slizeua ,bi ll nt v M “iy of the old
Er,, wfll.. 4 s tate says the Atlanta 2fno
related by thS^mLV 1 Vdl^v^® 04
neotion with the in that
valuable section of the State 8 that
Running parallel with the marble is the
immense ledge of itacolumite, or elastic
sandstone, the matrix of the diamond. It
extends throughout the country for thirty
miles, and in every gold deposit or branch
mine near it have been found splendid
diamonds by the gold washers, who.
being totally ignorant of their nature
or s .due, cither lost or destroyed mast
of them. Some were sent to Europe to bo
cut, and wore lost. Some of them set in jew
"“t most of them are still in the haAds
l, u n *lerH, who keep them as mementoes.
Lnt o£ r 8,a ,e 3cing entirely SSst
ant of their nature or value, none were
tion^-bP?'- 11 li 101 8 Were without mcrusta
and Golcouda. amount
duet Sm 4 114 1 ot the whole pro
in aiiv tlle diamonds fonnd
me'JVmnb.o? ar B ,aU an( i only tit fov
Uianii,-df^flil r r ose 7 lu B enera l. being less
Tie. f car r or from one to two grains.
I i ls a less iuan four grains
ia Js in M° no?,xtl l-. bnt in all estimates and
salts iu the mines the carat is put at four
grams. It originated from tbo use of the
seed of a plant m the Last Indies, in the sale
i.f fV.'-',7 1 r U S TJns berry, which grows only
m that region, though not very accnrato, an
db.<^',J„ll'lp"rpi of th semi-civilizcd In
.r f®\cral thousand years.
ti,li lei ia Brazil for forty years, from
4b n, of froln e®- 000 to 80.000 hands!
ranged between 1,000 and 1,300 ounces. Of
tb'in tmL 0 am n,lt they rarely found more
fo,lr a ?d never more thad ten,
fnrt« lud i mort l i) an thirty carats. Theso
facts strongly confirm the opinion that
when developed. Hall County wU? K
rich in diamonds as Brazil, and contain otm
?vnt r^er CCI 4 “izuble ones of the first
Mater. In washing for gold, all tho larSr
ones would, from tho construction of fho
machines, necessarily bo lost or thrown
away with the quartz gravel, with which
an associated, and only such as passed
into the retßcrs with tho grains of gold and
hno sand would bo found in the panning at
ter the day’s work was done. All of tWso
found in Hall County M-cre thus found!
weighing from two to six carats,
n,e Jew less. and three were
of largo size One of those, as
before stated, was broken up to see tha
Awt f their us tl b y tlle ignorant minora.
Another was used for years by the boys as a
I ,r^ d< l le “T i“ pla v ln b' marbles, and tho
largest one by far was lost by Dr. Loyd, who
M-as employed to oversee thirty negroes iu
working the Glado gold mine, a deposit
twelve miles northeast of Gainesville 1
.M ar n R lle ,f° llr years ho was employed ho
picked out of the sands of tho for
gold, every night after tho day’s washtan
"as over, about half a pint of pretty stones!
which he gave to his wife, who put them in
a mustard bottle in an old cupboard, except
such as the children took a fancy to, which
were pierally lost. When the bottle was
full she made a little bag and put them into
at fl>t, re amusement. Some of
these from their size and reputed
lustre, must have been worth P from
twenty thousand to fifty thousand
nt tbo b, B ne was found by
himself wlnle working in tho pit in place of
a sick hand. Ho said that about two hours
uio bad no watch), while raising a gravel
ha found a atono just like the little ones,
except that it was bright and shining only
on ouo side, the other side being covered
with a crust of brown staff. It was about
the size of a guinea egg.” Being hard
pushed to keep the wheelbarrows tilled with
gold gravel, so as to furnish grit for constant
washing, he laid it on the baukby a gum
tree which stood close by. until night, when
ho intended to take it up to tho cabiu and
give it to bis M*ifo and children as being tho
largest of tho pretty stones ho had found.
But m hen night came tho machines were
emptied of tlioir gold sand, and iu tho
hurry of tho moment he forgot all about tho
pretty stone. 1 welve years afterward ho was
shown a rmigh diamond, and at once ho
!T,r>>^ IZ wi th .o C nto t 8 of th “mustard bot-
I tic. and the big one” ho had laid up by tho
gum tree. Soon after bo found the ‘‘big
pretty one tbo lease expired, and tho com
pany who employed him sent home the hands
and nnit work. About tbo same time Mrs.
Lojd died, her daughter, who had reached
womanhood, married and moved away to
fm nlJo^ Ge r B ia ““d took tho little
f iimtnro they had, among which waa
to cupboard, which then contained
tbo fated bag. When he beoamo satis,
lied of tho value of the stones, ho
at mice left Atlanta, "'here ho was
keeping tho Washington Hull, and M-ent to
!i t but she had no Knowledge of
the bag or mustard bottle. They were gone.
Ho then went to the mine, and looked long
and anxiously for tho stone by the gum tree
No gum tree was there. The ground had
been cleared, and cultivated iu corn for ten
years. Ho looked in vain for any sigii of thu
place. None existed. Ho now washed tho
grayt?! from the heaps where he thought it
was, for weeks and mouths, but ho found it
not. Discouraged aud weary of hunting, he
returned to Atlanta to die. from his de
scription of its size aud character, there can
be no doubt of its being a diamond: and be
ing, as ho described it, about as large aa a
guinea egg,” must, if pure, have been worth
about tweutj-hvo million dollars.
X Woman Vote* at Richmond. Va.
Richmond. Vo. (Nov. 8), Correspondence of the Cfn,
clonaU Commercial.
A woman vindicated her rights here, vea-
KnVnr tSs£ Whi,:h appcare in the
Mr. Editor: t I'&'ZJ- t
went alone to the polls this morning, and left my
I no lions, elephants, «r%-?nas th“re
—only a few polite gentlemen. And I am fully
St ady c B to tbo l ,olls and
cast her oto with as much case os she can go into
her conservatory to cull a rose. Yours truly
ASS W. BoiIEKER,
.Jf 0 rea,f iK of 0)0 case however, are
that she applied at the polls to vote hut’
aside from tfie fact that .aim was a woman
sho had not registered; yet to gratify her
and to fool her to the top of her bent she
was permitted to deposit In thMlot-to
f.aek“ a7i'ek K et‘: e aratl n Writteu tho
By tho Constitution ot the United state, r
Mrs. A. Whitehead a right to elv»
g-ffi Mas ttasßSsiS|
By the law of this State, to endorse vour
d?toS it clsu J'our ballot, invali
dates it. Of course. Mrs. Rodokerwas not
»i She is tho wife of A. Bodeker!
Esq., of this city, a prominent druggist, who
e-itofkq? In ml i? r "I tins late House of belo
gates. bho is President of tho Woman’s
Rights Association of Virginia, and occa
sionally lectures on woman’s rights. Her
m a inded prindplea. Stront i I l>oSU^ iCrstrollß
Dentl BcUw Uic Longa.
t'rom tlio Denver (Col.) News.
a 8t I l,1 K« experience must be that of
J au<l Miles Maudlin is the
mau who was almost fatally shot by a wo
man. ami she his sister-in-law, some three or
four mouths ago. Hid tragedy wits enacted
at a farm-house u- tho Lpper Cherrv Creek
country. I)r. McClelh.u.l, of this
w-as culled into professional attendance unon
tho wounded man, tells us that the hall Wa
tered tho body of the fourth dorsal verte
bras severing the spinal cord entire, and
passed into the right lung, causing complete
loss of sensation and motion below that
nomt, embracing at least two-thirds of tho
body. In this condition he has remained
up tpdate, with no noticeable change except
the formation of several ulcers upon the lees
and hips with no prospects of recovery HS.
inarkahle as it may appear ho has had all tho
time a good appetite, and also good mental
ability, so that ho has been able to transact
•my kind of business. His case is uupr?
cedeuted as to the length of time he has sur
vived his tenable injuries. It has seldom
been recorded that similar cast's survived the
injuries more than 30 days. He is said to
oe slonly declining; although tho wound
caused by the ball healed weeks ago, and the
lung which was perforated is apparently
sound. How long lie may live it is at present
impossible to prognosticate. present
Ncvr Style of Vaccination*
The November number of Harper's
j?ive» the details of an improved method of vac
-inatlon. which, in view of the ravages of small
pox in Philadelphia and other cities, may per
haps deserve the attention of our medical practi
tioners. ThoncwpUm was Urst practiced by a
Mr. Ellis, an English physician. Ordinary vac
cination is performed by scraping off the eplder
uls and thrusting the vaccine virus into u pane
uro made by the lancet. A greatly-improved
ucthod. however, consists in raising a »T^ n n
ulster by a drop of cantharides applied to tho
kin. This Is to be pricked and the drop 3f fluid
•t oat. aud a hue vaccine point put in this place
ud withdrawn after a moment of delay: the enil
crnda fslls lack and quit© excludes tbn nir
hutting out any germs that might be floating In
he a-m. sphere. This method has been practiced
■y Mr. Ellis fortwenty years, and of hSi
retis of eases of vaccination which he ha« ner
orim-dho has never had on Instance of blood
iilsoniug or abscess, while by the ordinary
■tethud un occum-ui-e of secondary abscess is hr
uicuus uncommon, and that of pyiemia is often
J h»TiAv ..1 i° safety of this method
tolHi /l ue tttst. to the exclusion of the
thi t iC lesser size of the apertnm
•or toe introduction of tium when tho
poaotai»i we made bjr too laneet.
3