THE HABCH TO SEDAN.
Statement by Count I’nlik llo of lhc
Whieh ted to the
Paris (Oct. SS) Correspondence ot the Lo
In a day or two then) will a 2 Jl c r nm t ?”°hv
entitled Twenty-four Hunts mO >j
Count do Palikao. I extract ff™’ i t i l iei o iis
lowing passage respecting tin :n J
march of the army to Sedan f hai
My opinion was tsaj s tlio tjcu
the Annyof Sedan conk* It'di'idii t j u
columns—the right wing. 'A in,l “f ll 1 j),icror
First and Twelfth Corps ((scuii. i
and Lebrun); liv Sninm- ifrom -V i rco nno)
Samte-Menehould, Cl.'nnoimt
Verdun; the centre, compose*! 'if Somme
Corps (General Dmmr), ‘■“By, I
sur-Puy, (from Jhmrmelo:Vlcnnoiit
snr-Tourbc, Sainte-Mcnelwuhl.
Verdun; tiic left win#, neßethein-
Fifth Corps (Gcneial de l a'll,. I.' J "tfliein
yjUo (froiuMonrmelonl. 1Z1 ‘Vkl greatest
V amines. Charny. or Verdun. Ihe preaust
distance between the columns of t herigat
and the centre was 24 kilometres during the
march; hat it must he remarked that the
right column arrived at t enlim on the -4th,
and that, in case of emergency. it could e
awaited the arrival of tho centre coliimu at
Sivry-la-P«rche, 10 kilometres from Cler
mont. The united strength of these two
columns represented au effective force ol
115,000 men at tlie opening of the dviilo
Hettes, on the valley of the Meuse, by A,,
mont, and could await the arrival-* tnt
Fifth Corps, whichformed the h'ft,' 1 1
This latter corps in iireceedi a,
the north, confirmed the Prince i* s
suspicion that the annv wue‘H V( a K
ward Paris. In fact, a tcle(^P’ u !|^“l! a, S ll
wliich was designedly alio*",
Prince s hands, rccomnie"? d Marshal Mac-
Mahou to fall hack on inß l>.v hhcims and
Soissons. The Fifth C*n>3 was the weakest,
had lost a portion, J- uagsage, ami was
more easily mov*"! 0 »t. could, 111 Conse I
quencc, without 4 1 least difliculty, perform
the distance f Grand Pro in three marches:
Grand I*re w* s the key to the dehlcts winch I
covered thr march by Clermont on Verdun
to the the enemy not having been
perceive in this direction, the Fifth Carp*
continued its march by Varennes, in order to
rearii the yalley of the Mouse, opposite to
Charny, six kilometres north of Verdun.
These marches wore unattended with anv
danger; for on reacliing the plain on the 24th
the army of the Prince Royal of Saxony re
mained on the other side of the Meuse; and
on the 25th itjretreatcd with loss, after hav-
ing attacked Verdun with 10,000 men. (Ver
dun was defended by its own National
Guards; and the despatch aunouncingthe re
pulse by them of the Saxon troops was read
amid enthusiastic applause to the Legislative
Body in tho sitting of the 37th of August,
1570.J This march on Metz, which some mili
tary writers have characterized as amhtcious,
was much less so than that undertaken be
fore Sadowa by the second Prussian army
(Prince Frederick Charles ami General Steiu
metz) on the 20th of June,lßo6. passing by the
defiles of Silesia in presence of the Austrian
army, occupying the fortified towns of
Komigsgratz and Josephstalt, from Ktcnig
inhaf, resting on the Elbe. There everything
was against the Prussians; in our case every
thing was in our favor, for the passages of
the Meuse to Verdun aud Charm* belonged
to us. These same writers have ’profited by
this circumstance to blame the Hank march
of the Army of Chalons us being exceedingly
dangerous in the presence of the enemy.
But many occasions offer themselves in war
when such marches arc advisable, if effected
with promptitude, aud witli the precaution
necessary under such circumstances. With
out searching for illustrations further back
than the reign of Frederick .the Great,
was it not by a rapid flank march
that this famous General mado his
army cross the plain of Andeuheim, iu 1760,
after leaving tbe camp of Langhen-Keicben
baeb. in order to give battle tothe Austrians,
and so occupv Torgau In 1707 it was by a
flank march that this able General despatched
his armv, in colums by lines to light aud win
the battle of Lissa. Again, it was by a flank
inarch, before tho Russian army, that Sedlitz,
tho most renowned of Frederick’s Generals,
conducted his army from the left to the right
flank of the Russians atZormlorff, and drove
thorn back with Ills cavalry. It is not my
intention here to give an historical lecture
on flank marches; and, without speaking of
those executed bv tho greatest General of
modern times—Napoleon I.—during the
marches and counter-marches of his
memorable campaign of 1814,
I will enumerate another instance, which ap
pears to me to have a certain analogy with
what has just passed in IS7U. In 171*2. France,
crushed by the victories of Prince Eugene
and tho Coalition, saw the road to the capi
tal open to the enemy. Its last army—that
of Marshal de Villars—was discouraged; it
was necessary to strike a severe blow in or
der to save the kingdom. The genius of this
great General conceived a plan the most au
dacious and the most vigorous iu its execu
tion that could be attempted for the welfare
of the country. He carried Denain and the
lines of Marcllieuu.es by a flank march during
the night,, within but a short distance of the
armv of Prince Eugene, and almost under the
eyes of thePriucc himself.
’Hereis the opinion of Marshal Saxe on the
operation, in wliuli, being then a vmy young
otiicer, be took pm as Aid-de-C'amp to Prince
Eugene Marshal de Villars would have
been lost at the affair at Detrain bad Prince
Eugene marched to meet bim when be. cross
ed the Scheldt in bis presence by a Hank
march.” It was, nevertheless, this Hank
march—now characterized as imprudent—
which saved France and the monarchy for
Louis XIV. The capture of Hcuaia deprived
the allies of all their stores, and compelled
them t© raise the siege of the neighboring
towns and cities, from which Marshal
de Villars withdrew the troops
of the garrisons to augment his
own army. Was it not evident, moreover,
that the great error committed at the com
mencement of the campaign of ISTO was the
scattering about, of tbo French troops op
posed to the German masses It was. there-,
lore, necessary to adopt a different system;!
and, as it was evident that the Freneh army I
had to encounter an army three times as
numerous as itself, it was rational to search
for means to bring together at one given
point a compact mass, capable of lighting
separately, and without disadvantage in
numbers,"each separate army of the enemy.
There was only one menus of attaining tins
end. viz., the union of the armies of Chalons
and Metz. In order to effect this it was
necessary to deceive the enemy by quick
and tills is what woljid have taken
place in the event to which we allude. I have
already explained that the Prince Ifoyal of
Prusaia-t-miricd by a telegraphic despatch
concerted with Marshal MacMahon—con
tinued to march as far as Vitry-le-Francais.
where be still remained on the morning ol
the 20th, i. e., 33 leagues from Verdun, How
ever diligent the Prince might have been, it
was impossible that he could reach the
Meuse, or the approaches to Verdun, by the
27th, or even the 30th. Then' were three
lone days’marches, if there are added to the
9G tilomelr. b which separate tbps.- towns the
natural obstacles presented by the country
in the heights of the Meuse.
The battle, which was inevitable on the
2»>th at the latest, could onl.v, therefore, have
taken place, between the army of Marshal
McMahon, 130,000 strong (supposing it even
to have lost 15,001 men on the march), ami the
army of the Prince of Saxony, which did not
exceed 70,100 men; the combat ought to have
taken place between Verdun Etain, in the
direction of Briey. Two hypotheses present
themselves here. If the Prussian army be
fore Metz had attempted to go to the assist
ance of that of the Prince of Saxony, it
would have had in its rear the army of Mar
shal Bazainc, which, on thel4th.loth.aud 18th
bad sustained alouclhe attacks of the united
Annies of Prussia and Saxony, and
maintained its positions. The posi
tion of these two Gorman unities
between two French armies would have be
come, therefore, critical; and n cheek inflict
ed on the lirst—without a :afe line of re
treat —would have changed the condition of
things entirely. on tho contrary, tin
army of Prince Frederick Charles hail con
tinued to watch the Army of Metz, the Saxon
army would no doubt have been defeated
ai,’d*thrown hack on that of Mrtz. whin tin
latter won hi have been compelled to retire
and the junction would fl*ns Ijave beei
effected. In explaining the details of tin
march on Metz, as 1 submitted thou) to tin
Council of Ministers, it was far from my
iuteutiou to attempt to control the ope
ration attempted to he effected in a
Totally different manner hv Marshal Mae-
Mahon. On the contrary, 1 am of opinion
that it might have completely succeeded by
defiles of the north; and lam confirmed
in tim opinion by tho statement of a Saxon
Colonel, who. on the £th of September, at
Sedan, too, confessed to'a'friend of mine that
the Saxon anuy sit one time believed itself]
outflanked. I should aKoninh many critics
were I say that tbo Prince of Saxonv lias
spoken in a similar manner to one of the most
honorable Generals in the iVeppli gnny, from
whom I have the fact direct. It in uo part of
my duty, nor is it my intention, to search the
causes which contributed lathe ruin of a
Plan conceived and executed by a Marshal ot
‘ranee whom the array, whoso entire confi
dence and esteem he very, justly possesses,
considers as a veritable Bayard, satis pair c
Kau* rejtrochc. r
A Xippwpi’J' Ki>l.
A Dublin letter says: ”.An extraordinary
riot at Kmlv, County Tipperary, was investi
gated on thuxsday by th> masnstrates. A
menagerie. owned by a mannameuAV Ini ting
ton, visited tlic place a few days ago, and was
opened for the entertainment of the vil
lagers. A crowd of spectators thronged the
caravan, and amused themselves by poking
tfcg animals. Among tbos.s near ine tigers
edgo u l as a girl 4 years pt age, who turns'
her arm between' the hairs, and was iuimedi
ately seized hy an enraged jaguar, wind
wrenched the limb oft’ before the child couh
bo extricated. A scene of great confusion
ensued, ami the people ran away in terror.
Whittington, apprehending an attack upon
tno pienagerie and an attempt to destroy the
animals, fastened up the caravan and
kept Vubln it. ‘About £2 o’clock at night a
party of 40orS0 men came and broke it open,
firod throe shots into the ca«o, threatened to
shoot Av hittimrton if he interfered, and,
having killed the jaguar, carried oil* the car
cass and dissected It for the punrnsc of re
covering the portions of llesb which be bad
tgi£cn« in order that they might be buried in
bbnscctdted ground. Kot satisfied with this
revenge, they returned'with a mob and again
attacked the menagerie. Tho owner pre
sented himself for a moment on the stage to
rehioQshuto.but received a severe blow from
sfoaje, aijd was obliged again to hide him
felt. For four hours the nipb cpntiuncd to
VOLUME 25.
shower stones upon tin? caravan, and ho
dared not venture o*t. He swore that as
nmoy as 1,200 stones *ere flung by the crowd.
The police from nearest station, which is
three miles at length came to the
rescue, and uhutilied three of the rioters,
who have sent for trial at the next
Quarter swritms.”
jcBS. JIM PISE’S WABDBOHE,
fiow the Hcrenno of Ihc Erie Railroad is
Spent in Paris-
From the Fashion Article or the American Register.
A nave just had an opportunity of inspect
ing tho wardrobe of a wealthy American lady,
oclore all tup wonders of Parisian art and
taste of which it was composed were packed
up and sent to Liverpool, en route for Boston.
Ihus provided, Mrs. J, F k, Jr., the lady.
in question, may well aspire to bo the leader
of fashion this coming winter. It would take
up too much time anu space to proceed seri
atim through the catalogue of novelties pur
chased by this fair dame, and X shall there
fore confine myself to a description of a few
of them. There were India shawls of every
description, one being elegantly wrought in
gold, to say nothing of opera mantles; and
house-sacks of the same material, with black,
gray, scarlet, and white centres. A neglige
du matin was made entirely of camelVliair
shawls, trimmed with a wide silk fringe to
match the various colors. Nothing was left
out in the fur line; ermine, sable, seal-skin,
sebonts. silver-squirrel, were made up in
sacks, cloaks, mulls, and carriage bags for the’
feet, and to crown all there was an immense
carriage blanket in Russian sable,, lined
and quilted with white satin. The
coachman’s cape and cud's were made of the
same expensive fur. Tin* harness of tho
lady’s equipage was also purchased in Paris,
and is heavily gilt. No more superb turn-out
will be scon in New York or Boston.
Amongst tlie dresses I particularly admired
a white satin dinner toilette, embroidered
with massive bouquets and garlands of
Uowera, and trimmed with point iaco
tlounces. The tunic was also of lace, with
pointed waist, which stylo tho wearer is said
to prefer, as showing to the greatest advan
tage her exquisite liguio. There were also
dresses of seagreeu faille, embroidered with
wreaths of wud flowers; of pearl gray silk
(walking salt), trimmed with black velvet,
with chapeau to match; a golden-brown
faille, elegantly ornamented with chenille
fringe, for a travelling costume; six black
silks, long andshort, some trimmed with Val
enciennes, line ns a cobweb, others adorned
with beautiful Duchesse lace; a dozen ball
dresses of every shade, made up most expen
sively, yet in perfect taste and keeping. In
fact, although every article of dress was sup
plied in tho greatest profusion, all was select
ed with so much taste and judgment that
they were in perfect harmony. There were 12
comnlete sets of laces for trimming dresses,
composed of point de Venise, point d'Augle
terre, Duchesse, Valenciennes, MaUncs, etc.,
most of the designs having been made espe
cially for this order. I saw two thread lace
parasols, ono with nearl handle inlaid with
gold, the other with gold ami garnet. There
were also two point lace parasols, one mount
ing being iu nacre and turquoise, the other
iu coral, composed of ono solid piece, beauti
fully carved iu largo figures, representing an
old Neapolitan fable, ami probably the most
remarkable work «f art ever executed for
such a purpose. The faus were superb in de
sign and finish, one being iu nacre, with the
name of the fair owner in fine pearls on tho
mounting. It was perhaps the most delicate
and dainty of the collection, though many
would perhaps prefer the massive gold
mounting, set with precious stones, and u
thread lace design representing u biblical
story. There was also a delicious Watteau
fan and a pompadour, but a Chinese fan with
innumerable heads and figures clothed in sil
ver tissue, wsis tho most unique affair of its
kind ever imported. It is only used by tho
most aristocratic celestials in the flowery laud
Tho parures were, I need not say, magnifi
cent; every gem being richly represented,
the diamond solitaires alone amounting to an
immense sum. The brooches, earrings, neck
laces, or riviere, bracelets, comb, buttons,
and stars of the same stones, were remarka
ble for their size and beauty. The coral
necklace was composed of twelve rows of
large balls, each separate one being perfectly
round and unblemished. The most artistic
set, though making the least show, was a
magnificent gold one, from a famous Homan
house, designed expressly for ill's. F k,
and not to bo repeated under live years. I
shall not attempt u description of tiie linge
rie; suffice it to saj*. that the renowned
wardrobe of the ex-Empress. which all Paris
went to see, did not surpass it iu any respect.
Every article was furnished in two or three
dozens, and loaded down with Valenciennes.
The stockings, woven iu tho tiuest silk,
looked Uko laity net some hud bauds of
flowers beautifully embroidered to match the
different toilettes, others were formed of
nothing hut open work, requiring a flesh-col
ored silk ono underneath.
The Colonel's linen was also laid out ready
for the packer. The shirts were made of the
fluest texture, with elegantly embroidered
designs, such as railroad cars, locomotives,
steamboats, etc. There were largo quanti
ties of silken hose, embroidered with de
signs similar to those already noticed, and
dozens of bat iso handkerchiefs, ornamented
with delicate lines and exquisitely-wrought
monograms.
A last word to describe three morning
dresses, completed for Mrs. F kat the last
moment. One was a heavy whits rep silk,
with Watteau plait in tho back, and of loose
I sack form in front. Tho entire surface was
covered with gold braid, laid on in a superb
pattern of flowers and birds. Tho dress was
lined with rose-colored satin and quilled.
All around the edge and m> each side of the
Watteau fold, was placed a wide hand of
1 sehoutz fur, tho same dark triro
lining reaching high up around
tho throat. The second one was a light
1 b)iie satin, empress form, also lined and
quihml, but iu white silk. Around the jnpo
was placed, a.ftafon, a deep fall of tho English
1 guipure, but dyed bine, to correspond with
the shade of the robe. This is a now fashion,
just about to bo launched by the great
arbiter elegautiamm. This lace bas been
made and worn during the past jrear, but it
has never been dyed to match the toilets
until now. A beautiful sea-green, and a
I crimson Havana were employed to trim silks
I of the same shade.
1 The third and last loihf de matin was made
in black Cashmere, braided all over the
entire drees, a heavy silk cord and tassel con
fining it' to the figure. A riuh'quiUed UuuVg
ofiuaise silk completed this most stylish
neglige. The last, but by mj means the least,
important feature of this waydrobe tyere flic
gloves, which were multiform in design, and
as varied in shfidee, ‘Extravagance of but
tons, however, appears to bo the most mark
ed innovation in this important portion of
the toilet
The King of Jmey-UoTT New Jersey Cot
Outot the rnlted Ntatpq.
From the Newark (N. J.) Courier.
The origin of the allusion of iS'ew Jersey
as a foreign country is said to ho as follows:
After the downfall of the Fjrst Kiipolonn. ]ds
brother Joseph, who had been Kingof Spain,
and Ids nephew. Prince Murat, son of the
King of Italy, sought refuge in this country,
add brought much wealth with them. Joseph
Bonaparte wished to huiUl a palatial resi
dence. but did not desire to become a citizen,
as he hoped to return to Europe. To
enable him as an alien to hold
real estate ’required a special act of the
Legislature, U{} tried' to 4 get One
passed for lps benefit in several States, but
failed, Ue was imich ebagfinod, especially
because Pemi«ylv|iuia refused, A ftL r phis
he applied to the Xow Jersey Legislature,
which body granted both him and Murat the
privilege of purchasing laud. They bought
a tract at Itardeutown, and built magnificent
dwellings, and fitted them up in the most
costly manner. Pare paintings, statuary,
Ac.,'were profuse, and selected with care,
and tho grounds laid' qut with Gxauhdte
taste. Joseph Bouaparte-s residence was,
perhaps, the finest in America. Thousands
of ppoplc visited jt frbjn *’a)l parts of
tho country,* aucl were treated 1 courte
ously. lie* was profuse with his mon
ey, anil mye p Jirept impetus to busi
ness in tin) small town. The PhiUdol
phinus, limling be had apparently no cud
of nwmey, and that bo used U to benefit busi
ness generally, regretted, when it was too
’.ate, that they bad refused to let him locate
among tbemselves; and, to keep up their
modification, would always taunt Jerseymeu
with having a King—with impoitiug tho
King of bpnlu to ip|e oi-fcr tpem*- they whre
called Spaniards and foreigners ou- this ac
count. But these'taunts harmed no one,* as
(he Jersevmeu lost nothing bv theil*
him to sett 12 among them/huhthe term V* ior*-
eigner” jokingly applTeit tq lerseymen. has
o miedown to us Jong after its origin has been
forgotten, ckuepi by row men of iho past
generation. Manv years ago—-during tho
reign of Louis Philippe, wo bolieve—lo'h
s Bonaparte and Murat found they could safely
•t return to Europe, and they sold out and re
i- turned.
*.h
rauanrisratlon «f Sonia.
The Bonnrd will case was again up before
Surrogate Hutchings, in New fork, ouThiirs
ilav afternoon, ami Dr. Clynier, of the Phila
delphia Hospital, who has mgde n (mpplal
stutlv of nervous 'difctftees; presented iJiipOr
tant'evidence. The extravagant admiration
of Boiiard for Mr, Bergh. nud his will giving
sIOO,OOO to the society with the long onnin,
were not, in the eyes of the doctor, cadence
of mental weakness. In response to the
onestiou, “Do you consider a man who be
lieves in the transmigration ’of emits,
and frcn«mitly expresses an omnidn that tno
bodies or l»afes» into tye bodies
mals, irra'ibnalr' the Doctor Bam: v*ot
necessarily. For this reason; It is a bclici
held bv many of the first ininds in the Trend
in ancient and modem times. Pythagoras
learned it from the Egyptians,* ■vyho are
thought to he the first who believed in the
immortality of the son}, and they behoved
that being immortal, the soul, on leaving the
man’s body, passed into other animals. Some
hold it returned, purified, after thousands of
years, to the human form. The Druidsof
Franco, Britain, and Germany, held it. The
Brahmins hold it, and the disciples of Four
rierin France. Some of the Authors of tho
Church—Origen, for instance—held it. Some
theologians try to show from tho 9th chapter
of John that it is tho doctrine of the New
Testament, and some have held that the doc
trine of Purgatory originated from it. Be
sides, beliefs are held sometimes as mere
metaphysical beliefs. There is a difference
between religious conviction and tbe mere
holding of a general belief on a subject.
Some Christians think others who believe
certain doctrines arc under a delusion; but
a medical expert, without finding evidence
of a delusion in a general way, would not bo
warranted in saying such persons were labor
ing under mental imsounoness,” And that
was an eminently proper answer,damaging as
it was to tho parties trying to break the
will.
Action of the Government in Relation to
the Apache*—White Encroachment* on
the Reservation*.
Washington (Nov. 9) Despatch to the New lork
_ Tluee.
Tho formal orders necessary to carry out
tho policy agreed upon at tho conference be
tween the President; the Secretary of the In
terior, and the Secretary of War in regard to
the treatment of tho Arizona Indians nave
been prepared. Tho Secretary of the rare;
riorhas written a letter to tho President
which recites tho details of the policy to be
pursued, and asks to have orders scut to the
military commanders instructing them as to
the duties which will fall to them to
perform. These instructions go from
the President, through tho War Depart
ment, and wore prepared by General Sherman.
To-day the outline of the plan arranged for
the suppression of Indian disorders in Ari
zona. may be briefly drawn. It is believed
that putting a stop to outrages by the
Apaches is a matter of good administration
alone. The orders given look to harmonious
and united action by the military forces and
tho agents of the Indian Office. General Crook
is, in the first place, to circulate among both
whites and Indians, a notice that the latter
must go on their reservation; that tho gov
ernment cannot .permit them longer to send
their old men and women and children on to
the reservations, to be fed and taken care of,
while their young men go on
the war,path; that all who go
upon the reservations shall be protected and
fed by the government to the full extent of
its power, but those who stay away from
the reservations, and commit murders and
depredations, shall bo punished by the sol
diers. The soldiers and agents will dissemi
nate this notice as widely as possible, and
give tho Indians an opportunity to comply
with its requirements. It is sent among the
whites also, that they may understand what
tho government is doing, and bo deterred
from attempting to imitate the Camp Grant
massacre. The operations of all tho govern
ment officers will bo directed to enforcing on
both parties compliance with the terms of
the notice. An army officer will be .appoint
ed Superintendent at each reservation until
the Interior Department is ready to take
charge of the Indians. Superintendent Ben
dell is directed by tbe Secretary of tbe Interior
to have his headquarters with General
Crook, and tho two are expected to confer
and work together. If both persuasion and
threats fail to induce tho warriors to accept
tho terms of tho government, then General
Crook will have an opportunity to engage in
a vigorous campaign, in which he will not
bo hampered or restrained and bis eflorts
thwarted by the agents of the Peace Com
mission, because they have consented in ad
vance to the policy. It is hoped that, with
the exercise of good judgment and a wise
discretion by the officers of the government
in the execution of their orders, Indian out
rages in Arizona, at least,'may bo hereafter
suspended.
Tho white settlors near tho Indian territory
seem determined* to steal the Indian lands.
They seem possessed with the idea that
speedy extermination surely awaits the red
men, and that those who have secured lodg
ment in their territory will do so to their
profit. The various warnings given them by
the Secretary of the Interior have not had
the desired effect—to cause them to leave.
It has come to this, that the preservation of
the faith of tho goverumentwith tho Indians
in tho interests of peace requires that those
who settle upon Indian lands, contrary to
treaty stipulations, shall be removed, and it
is probable that a call will soon bo made upon
the War Department to sec that their re
moval is made.
Cochise 8011 on the Wnr-Pnih-Colycr’n
pence b Humbnjc*
San Diego, Nor. 4.— ThcTucson Citizen has
fh« following: The Eastern mail just arrived
filings news thattlie Indians who killed Rich
ard Barnes near Camp Bowie, on the Slat,
were overtaken by Captain Russell, with
twenty-sis troops, in Horscdlioo Canon,
where an engagement of several hours’ dura
tion occurred. At the first lire, a v citizen
volunteer guide named Robert A. Whitney,
was shot dead, ami in the light two soldiers
were wounded, and two horses shot. The
Indians were numerous and in a secure place
among the rocks, and could not bo dislodged.
Captain Russells report says the Indians
were led by Cachiso, before reported as hav
ing made peace.
It now seems certain that Cachiso never
went to Canada Alanjoso on any conditions
whatever, but that some other Indian, in Ills
name, did go, and deceived the over-anxious
Colvcr agents. The eight Camp Grant In
diana indicted for murder by the United
States grand jury could not he found by the
United States Deputy Marshals anywhere on
the reservation, although they were there
one day before these officers reached Camp
Grant with warrants. More stock, stolen
near this town since Colyer made his famous
peace at Camp Grant, has.becn found at the
latter place and bought of the Colyer Indians,
and is now returned to the owners here. Such
is the peace made for this people bv Colyer.
Tltr European l*ockynrd», Engineering
Work*, and Iron Mblpbnilding XSxtalb*
llNhment«-*-Obncrrn|loh« of the Kngi*
necr-in-Chicfof tbcljnilrd StaietNnfy.
From tlio Washington Chronicle. Kov. 7.
Tlia Knginei'r*m-l-bi(-‘f of the United States
Xnvv, Mr. .lames W. King, o£ Pennsylvania,
who'recently returned from Europe. where
bo was engaged several uiontbs making ob
servations of the dockyards, engineering
works, and iron shipbuilding yards in Great
Britain, France, Germany, and Belgium, re
ports many of those establishments to bo of
verv extensive character, tiie machinery and
appliances of the most hfilimved kind, and
all the yaids in Great Britain to be working
up to tlieir full capacity.
Then'arc five government yards in Eng
land. The Chatham yaytl luis within its walls
an aroa'pfß3!)acres,llic Othersueprlraamucl),
All are ooipnlato' in basins, dry-docks, ship
houses, machinery, and appliances, any one
one of tiie number Being more than equal to
all our navy yards combined. In the five
dock yards'there are thirty-four stone dry
docks*, iiesides as many more in kingdom
he’nngipg to private eomnuuk-s.'
Of the engineering Works and iron yams
ndtniitler the control bf the government,
there lire thirty-seven on the Ulcer Clyde. iu
Scotland* One of thedb Bidet At Cdds.’haS
tou ittni ocean* steaiiiets on the mocks'under
Oonsiruetinu, fourbttbndookahciws engined,
besides orders for others not yet commenced.
Eight thousand workmen are employed in
this establishment.
On the Kiver Tyne twelve engineering
works are busily engaged constructing iron
shins,
It la estimated that the total tonnage of
iron vessels bnilt'tlus year in Great Britain
will reach 5,000,000, besides ironwlads and un
armed sliips building for the' British b’evy.
r In France the national ‘dockyards'are- five
in number, namely: Cherbourg. Brest. lam
ent, Koohforf, null Tohibp. -flic laf tep i 5 flip
sirs! yiench port of war. and must important
dockyard of France.
Of the French private engineering estab
lishments visited, the most important is that
of Schneider A: Co.'s, at Lo Crousot (Saone ct
Loire). This establishment is also a manu
factory of materials as well as an jijKUSt*-
iuc work*- There are but three of irskind
iu’ tins' wtorlU;and it id tbo largest of the
thrco. Tbe arca of ground within the walls
is **rr acres: tbo bmUTinga cover a snrfncce
of 401-3 aerpa. Before \i\ o Franco-Gefmap
«rai a force of 15,000 nkni -was employed. The
works are divided into cloven mechanical
departments, ajj updpr flie sdpcnutcudeiK.o
oiViuQ cngibtjey,
The several works are connected by rail
ways, amounting to 43 1-2 miles of track,
operated by fifteen locomotives. In one year
there were produced 250.000 tons of cojib 300,-
HOu tong oi piu mothi,
pud llp,sQ PUTtea, bar, and other
varieties or wrought iron.
At present all departments engaged in
work for railways are full of orders to nil
deficiencies consequent upon tbe destruet «o”
of roiling stock ’during tbu l»to war, pul (l$ i
merino engineering departments bftye orders
pmiMo a lirpitcd
In Germany, tbo ihosf inmprbmt patabiishr!
mout ypiitoii wao'theuotptrstcel works and
aim factory of uojt Krnpp. at Knscn. These
works arc the most extensive of tboir kind
inexistence. They cover an area of several
hundred acres; more than fortv large, sub
stantial buildings are within tlib walls, and
pvery variety pn»l production of cpsf steel is
manufactured. The rolls and hammers for
nmkifig t he steel arc tbo largest and heaviest
ever used. The drop of the largest steam
hammer weighs fifty tons. Here wore mido
the cast-steel cannon that made such havoc
with the French army in the late war, am}
THE INDIANS.
CHICAGO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1871
hero have been made tbe guns for all Euro
pean nations except France aud England.
In Belgium the important establishment
visited was the CocKcrell Company a, at
Zeraiug, on the river Meuse. These works
are similar to those of Mr. Schneider,
alluded to above, except that there are n
sbipbuilding or locomotive works attached.©
In none of tbe extensive European estab
Bailments are persons admitted to gratiiy
their curiosity merely. Foreign officer's, pro
perly introduced, are, however, well treated
aud nave all necessary facilities extended to
them to aid in any investigations desired to
be made.
DOES TWEED C ONTEMPDATE
FLIGHT
An blminr wilh Chnrle. O’Conor
Wfamt the I.«w Officer, of the State Can
and Cannot Do with Tweed—The Frnnd.
in Field** District.
From the New York Herald, Nov. 12.
In one of the morning papers it was statea
again, but rather more broadly than m the
previous announcement, that Mr. iweeu
meditated flight, aud the statement was ac
companied by details that indicated tbe pos
session of positive information on the part of
the writer. With a view of ascertaining the
reliability of this report, a Bcrala reporter
paid a second visit to Mr. Charles O Conor.
It will fie seen from the subjoined conversa
tion that Mr. O’Couor did not confine the
topic to the prospective flight of the Boss,
but discussed, in a discursiyo manner, tho
present aspect of the political battle-field
generally;
I find one of the mormug papers, Mr.
O’Conor, refers rather openly to TweeijX
flight, and which you will rememberyou and*
1 discussed somewhat reservedly the other
morning.”
Yes: I quite expect that you newspaper
men.will denounce me, probably, and my
legal associates, in a week or so, for not be
ing more prompt and more decisive in our
action against Tweed and others, and allow
ing them, iu all probability, to leave tho
country.”
41 Then there is really no disguise thrown
over Tweed’s preparations for his departure,
is there T”
44 1 don’t think there la any disguise hut
what can bo seen through. Ho is, wo know,
turning his property into available assets,
and just taking all the preliminary steps
that men take when they seek to cludo jus
tice by flight to a foreign hind.”
“But, surely, Mr. O’Conor,, there is some
means that the law has at its disposal to
prevent bo great a scandal resting upon its
prerogative. To allow a man like Tweed to
go of justice, would be a disgrace
to those who have the power to put the law
iu motion.”
44 Yes, that is precisely what I expect to
hear and see published, only iu a more am
plified form, very soon, when Tweed aud his
associates have fled the country. But I
think the public will see when our plans and
legal actions are laid before them that wo
have done right, and that we could not have
done any tbingmore than wo have done.”
“That is just where the difficulty is to the
general public, who look at tho matter from
the outside point of view. Tho public says
of Mr. W. M. Tweed that it is just as easy to
prevent him getting away as it is any ordi
nary bank or bond thief who has been arrest
ed as he walks tho gangway of some outward
bound steamer.”
44 Yes; but Mr. Tweed is not an ordinary
bank or bond thief.”
But you have the police and detective
force at your command the same as any other
citizens, Mr. O’Couor.”
“Wo nave; but the police force would not
be very active in arresting Mr. Tweed even
now. if we could give them the power, and
would certainly not help us by informing us
as to bis movements.”
“Then you think Mr. Tweed will take his
flight, as a matter of policy, and that there
are not many impediments iu bis way if be
chooses to do it
I certainly do think so, and I am quite
prepared for the temporary public indigna
tion that will consequently arise. I don’t
think that ho will bo the only prominent
criminal that will go, either.”
44 Well, if bis flight is so inevitable, tbe
next consideration is his bail. That is a
million, I believe; shall you apply for its en
largement V 1
“It is scarcely fair to ask me that. You
will probably remember what was said in
our papers when wo instituted tho civil pro
ceedings against Tweed. Our papers snow
that Tweed ought to have been held in a
three millions and a half bail, but tbe Judge
fixed it a a million. 1 don’t complain of the
Judge’s decision in any waj*. No man that I
am aware of in the history of the country
was ever hold before in a million dollars
bail, and a million dollars seemed sufficient
to bold Tweed. I am afraid it will not b«.”
“It seems almost a pity that you cannot
bring the action of the United States Govern
ment to bear in a case like this, Mr. O’Co
nor.”
“Asfar as that is concerned we cannot,
but I am a Democrat* and oven if wc could 1
should bo opposed to bringing the United
States Government in. lam disposed to think
the government has interfered too much al
ready.”
“lam afraid it will always remain a last
lug disgrace to this city, and bo very preju
dicial m a moral point of view, if men who
steal millions are allowed to got away from
justice and luxuriate iu foreign lauds without
any let or hindrance by the country they
have so shamefully defrauded.”
“Tweed will not be allowed to do th#t.
Wherever bo may go in Europe he will kind
that ho cannot remain with impunity. He
will ho followed wherever the law can follow
him.”
“Is it not better to prevent his going. Mr.
O'Conor?”
Well, I am much more concerned about
preserving intact and away from tho plunder
of these thieves tho balance of tho City
Treasury than I am about restitution aud
punishing them. I would do both if we con,
out if it is a choice as to tko two, 1 prefer tho
former to the latter.”
Fields, tho Corporation Attorney, whom
you are prosecuting too, baa been admitted
also to bail I see. I)o you think his election
will be disputed on tho ground of fraud?”
“Vcs, certainly. 1 understand Fields io
greatly disappointed with bis majority as it
is larger thmi' he wished it'*to bo. There is
no doubt'that he has' Cheated Mr. Seymour
out Of his election but it iH equally certain
that Mr. Seymour, who will b»Vay;u valuable
legislator, will the seht.”
Vou don’t intend to dispute Fields* seat
ou thp ground'of his Fire Departmeht frauds,
I presume?’’
“No, hU seat will ho disputed on tho ground
of fraud at the elections, of which I believe
there is abundant proof. The civil suit is
complete in every respect, and Fields’ fraud
can bo assailed technically aud on its mei
it«. I Hunk if the district had &b well
watched as son;p 3* »hu ofltel* instnets, Fields
could uot ba-vd gdt hmisclf counted in.”
Q^i^ck.
General FielilJMarsbal Bonedek died sud
denly of fti\ apoplectic attack, ou the 2dtU
nit., at Vienna. Ho was born in ISO 4, at
Odenburg, in Hungary. After undergoing
the usual course of training at the Military
Academy of tfeustadt, ho entered tbo Aus
trian Armv as a Cornet ir.ISS, and attained
the ran* o* Colonel in IW3. 1 wo'ycafe later,
hoeshl toted his great military talents during
tho insurrection in Gnlhcia, which mi suc
ceeding in completely queuing in the est.
thereby enabling General Culhn to entry
Vodgorze by assault, Ordered m 1547,
at the head of tho regimenf Gyufci, io join
the army in Italy, he took part lu tho
memorable campaign of 184 S. under Radetz
kv. distinguishing himself in the retreat from
Milan, at Osone, and especially at the battle
of Curtatouc, for which he roc*i\-$d iUo
dcr of Maria Thcjesu. j'n* contributed
tutyu lotluctibu of Moftara and to the vic
toryJ of !?of art.’’After‘that he was trans
ferred to Hungary, and was at
Raab and Szegeupn. At lb c c losoo ft hi s' war
hp passed, with the raiik of Chief of Staff, to
the 1 Second Corps of the"Army if ItAly. Cur
ing the war of Italian iu
he was one of the few Apstp au Generals who
exhibited any Very great military capacity.
He covered the retreat from Milan to the
Mincio.aud at the battle of Solfcrino he com
manded the left wing of the Austrian Ar my, i
which was the last to leave the field. He wail
Governor of Hungary for a few mouths'* hi
11830. and, in viow of tho drificnl state of af
t-airs ini Italy, he was soon after appointed to
the chief edmmand of tho Austrian Army in
that country.
‘During the brief but between
Austria and Bmssia'in 1&0, General Bencdck
was frdxti May 5 in command of the Army of
theNorth.’ About the middle of Juno, he
was in presence of the Prussian forces, and
retreated as if to allure them to a favorable
position for his army. At length the two
armies confronted each other at Sadowa
(July 81, and in that great battlo t wbigh
lasted from 6 o’clock in the raqmlng lill 2'm
the rile Atwpta wrees were com
pletely doioatod. General Bencdck soon suf
fered tho penalties of defeat. Ho was snoer
seded in the command of the army bv the
Archduke Albert, and, in October, 1860, he
was put on the retired list,
op (he Brinish Cooat*
According to the ‘‘JlrUish Wreck Register,
the number of ships lost or damaged on or
within ten miles of the coast of the United
Kingdom, iu the year 1870, was 1,865, repre
senting a registered tonnage of upwards of
464,000, and managed by 16.343 mop and hoyg.
The casimUiec in
qumiictep put 1,503, as the cases of collision
involved tWo of more vessels iu one calamity.
Of tlio total ships lost, 1,553 Vhmced’fo
Great Britaiii and its dependencies, and 271 to
foreign countries. Of tho remaining 42.
the nationality is unknown. Of the
i; 502 casualties, S6l were collisions, and
I*l4l were wrecks, Of tho
latter number Hi were total losses, aud 730*
were damaged more or less serious. The dis-
Kvo’ 8 °ther than collisions, in 1869 were
Lho3, proia more than in 1870. The total
Josses in lb»0, bycasualities other than col
lisions, were 111, of which CO were from de
lects in tho ship or equipments, 77from care
mssness or neglect, and the remainder from
TiiM* ot ,He r causes, Tho “total number of
imtifib ships totally lost on and-near the
United Kingdom, from uusea
ortmness, in the last ten. years is 528, aud
{,l® aßlllti es resultiinriu partial damage from
yamo cause are 586,
i<rn~ l}f© attending the disasters iu
i w j llc h is 159 less than in 1869. and
n smaller number than in any year since 1865.
‘‘A* ISO were from one vessel, the lll
v,:iv »tea« lc r‘Cambria,, bound from New
ii.;. to G ilB S° w and 200 from nine other
frn^ n i ;U J y on I, of the lives lost being
from only ten ships. b
Wreck JiemsUr gives the
V^ rd^l®us .°f the National Lifeboat Associa-
During 1870 the number of lives saved
w+i' V 1v, a54,054, hundreds being rescued
I LV lat n J ßt| t«tHin. It has a fleet of 230 lifc
uoath, and rescues every year about 800 shin.
-Altogether, since its cs-
R ban contributed to rescuing
from dcatliiupward of 20,000 people.
GERMANY AND AUSTRIA.
The Laic Imperial InlerTacw. and Their
Significance.
-The text of Count Beust’s circular to the
lV ls ;f‘ iau .diplomatic agents, explanatory of
the Gasteiu and Salzburg interviews, appears
in the Journal dee Debate. The document is
dated September 12.1871. and says:
As you have learned from tho newspapers,
tho Emperor, our august master, has stayed
a couple of days at Salzburg, in order to
salute tho Emperor William on his passage
M lI Sh that place, and thus return the visit
of that sovereign at Isold. .This exchange of
courtesies indicates tho complete restora
tion ,°f former relations of
fnendslu between tho two nioiiarcks,
ant t l& veß a sanction to the assurance
mutually given by the two Cabinets when
the new organization of Germany was deter
mined upon. In this point of view it is quite
natural that to such facts an iiiiportaucc
should be attributed which I am the first to
admit. But at the same time I must require
that the true character of these interviews
be not misrepresented, and that thev be not
connected with combinations with’ which
they have nothing to do. it is not a policy
of surprise that has been prepared, and no
special plan has been discussed, and still less
settled. The communications exchanged be
tween the Cabinets of Berlin aud Vienna iu
tbe mouth of December last, and the pro
gramme of which I laid before the Delegations
of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, continue
to form tho basis of our position toward other
States. The meeting of the sovereigns aud
their Ministers is but a simple consequence of
tbe line of conduct then adopted with tho
approval of all. There is, therefore, not the
slightest ground for any uneasiness, seeing
that our position is exactly tho same as it
was before the interviews. I have equal
pleasure iu stating that tho pourparlers to
which those interviews gave rise have pro
duced results which wo cannot but regard as
very satisfactory to ourselves, and, as I be
lieve, to all Cabinets which, like us, are de
sirous of seeing the peace of Europe settled
upon a solid basis. Not only have my Inter
views with Prince Bismark made evident
our sincere desire to contribute to tho
strengthening of the general peace and to
prevent the revival of irritating questions
which might disturb it, but, further, they
have enabled us to recognize tbe perfect
identity of oar views as to our future rela
tions, tne absence of all conflict of interests,
the utility, iu short, and the facility, of a
preliminary understanding upon all political
questions; and in this manner they have
served to establish personal relations of real
and mutual confidence, 'Presented thus' iu
their true light, the meetings of the sover
eigns and their Ministers, far from affording
any causes for suspicion, oiler to all Europe
a new guarantee of peace. Be Pleased to
neglect no opportunity of removing errone
ous impressions tending cither to cast doubts
upon our intentions, or to represent what lias
passed as of auature to give umbrage to other
Cabinets
GEORGIA.
In Re Bullock.
“IT. V. R.” writes to tbe Cincinnati Com
mercial, from Atlanta, an interesting letter
about Governor Bullock’s -resignation, iu
which ho relates some conversations which
he has held with prominuut officers of tho
State. Referring to Bullock’s letter, he
says;
I will tell you why Bullock ran away. He had
issued to H. J. Kimball and others all the bonds
going to the Macon Brunswick Road—over'
86.000,000—while still the road lacked seveuty-tivo
miles of being completed. Tlic work is now stop
ped, uml the State has boon swindled. Kimball
ran abort of funds, and got the Governor to over
issue the amount of bonds due him, so that be
could hypothecate tbem. -Ho deposited them in
Now York, and obtained an advance of ft) cents
ou the dollar. When the time came to redeem,
he could not do it, and as the legisla
ture was about to meet, they would bo sure
to unearth the whole thing, expose the fraud, and
impeach Bullock for violating the law. When
Kimball failed. Bullock made frantic efforts to get
up the money himself, so as to get back the bonds
and show that Kimball had nut been overpaid,
but he failed. Some of the leasers of the state
Rond proposed to lielpfitiin, but all would not con
sent to it when they found tho amount was so
large. This hist, however, Is mere rumor. At all
events BuliocE failed to raise the wind sufllcient
to set himself square on tho record, and went to
Now York to see what he could do there. He had
his resignation and address to the people ull
prepared licforo ho left here, but to be kept secret
until he found out what he could do In New York.
Ho failed to make any arrangement there,
and with certain impeachment staring
him in tho face if ho came back, he let fly
his uddrets and rcsignutiou, and remains away.
The conspiracy against him was none other than
a determination, to impeach him if ho had misap
propriated the public funds. If this could cot
have been proved against him, and a clear case
made out lie would not have been impeach
ed. The Democracy of this State are not anxious
to make a martyr gf BuUock, and tho majority of
tho Legislature arc not the men to commit per
fury to-remove an honest man,'especially so when
lie nos only some 12 months to serve. Not two
weeks ago Bullock told mo that the present Legis
lature was one of besi that had ever been
elected in Georgia; that they were capable anil
Impest, although Democratic,. and much better
representatives of the people than the last one.
Dr. Angler, the State Treasurer, la repre
gofttwl os saying:
But I doubt if he could epoapo impeachment,
even If he could get this Mucoiuk Brunswick Rail
road matter arranged. He Las used te.pw.sc3 oi
State bonds papers In Rome way, nobody knows
how. He wa9 perfectly! reckless in financial
matters. t«o ouitVsaswcll us his own. He had
notlfing when 'he went into office, and lam told
that ou his place above here he bus spent fctf.vpb.
Then he hud used an immense fliy pghti
cal purposes. ’His biU*uC WiisUlqgtoa were very
heavy lobbying there, ns one item
Amounted fo bear ss.oqq, whun be explained that
be lifted to buy up Forney’s Chronicle, In addi
tion to buying up papers abroad, ho hud about all
In the State in tow. to one little paper in Coving
ton, with neither reader* nor Influence, ho paid
over 13.000 in two months. The country papers
used to bring in such cuoimou; biffs—frequently
five times larger than tho Whole print shop wo«
worth iimrl stopped paying them, it was such a
downright,unmitigated swindle. Well. Bollock
goes to work and has the pass a law.
and here it is odigwb\g me the act), compelling,
mete nay all printing claims. And nil others th«r
hf approved; Tliey Hall my hand* tp*d then, and
went on with thCir swindles. Qupoditor. who had
a little office that yqu gniffd have put it In a wboel
barrmv, told uie that ho wouldn't want a better
thfrig than to get to do Bullock’s printing for ii
year/’
Dr. Angler here showed mo tvllttlo pamphlet
of laws, about 80 twrps of iarffi* type. ami wanted
to know whut i gu6**ed Bullock paid for io.ooo
Oopu'?. I put the llgures high, and said $3,000.
Ko. m said the Doctor; “ho paid *II.OOO, and I n;n
told by experienced printers that man cult make
money to do the top farsl,«yo or 52,000. That w a
sneeixeu of the'’ manner' In which he throws
around the people’s money.
Til* PWb Tin mine.
Fioxn the Territorial Enterprise.
We scarcely know what to think of the
great tin mine of Utah. This is not an abun
dant metal, particularly in the United States,
and when wo are tojd that a mountain of It
has been Sound in Utah, wo are compelled to
take the statement With a {treat deal of
allowance.' The principal tin mines in the
world are in Cornwall and Devonshire, Eng
land, which yield about 7,600 tons of tin an
nually, T\i\ is also found iu Spain, Saxony,
i Bohemia,' Austria. France, Siberia, Austra
lia, the Island of Banca, in South Aria, Bnr
mah. Madagascar. Mexicq»aT*d in several of
the South American Stales. -The tin product
of Bolivia is veri' considerable. Tlie mines
of Australia are neither noli hop extensive.
Hut little tin has been as yet discovered in
the United States. It has been found iu
small qi}£nt\tiea in Ma&saohnsstts. New
Hampshire* >ie\v York, how Jersey, and Vir
ginia, and to vi greater extent in California.
There Is consumed in the United States an
nually about $0,000,000 worth of tin, worth
SOOO or s*oo per ton. Hence it will uo seen,
if a mountain of fin hS 3 been found in Utah,
thu discovery is valuable a\most beyond es
timate. The called the Star- of the
West, ami’ a correspondent of tho Saora
mdUtO rn(o«saysit U located about three
miles from Ogdon, in a southerly direction
from the town. The writer adds: “Sam
ples of the ore were forwarded to
Washington for an assay, apd returns
have been received announcing that
thcsamideo contained 61 per cent of tin.
And with the gangno an average of 37 per
cent. The mine appears to be a mountain
of ore rpring with au alu'Qsi solidface of the
mineral The iiopipany owning it have
i bonded it to Governor Woods, Gould dr Son,
i *»ud Hr. Gaff, of this city, for $101,500. of
which $1,500 has been paid in cash.' The
mine will be placed in the London market,
L not so much for sale as to obtain-the necca
sary capital to procure machinery for deyel-
oping and working it.” As tbe government
has ottered a bounty of $500,000 for the dis
covery of a tin mice yielding a certain unmr
bee or .tons of ore of a -ccrtala'value. It is
strange that the Utah mines should be
bonded for $101,500; however, tbojdiscovery
may be all that is claimed for it. If so, it
is worth millions of dollars instead of tbons
sands.
Washington .(Nov. to the New York
It is certain that a systematic effort is being
made to “bull”.the. Now York and other
financial markets in the interests of the new
so-called tin mines at Ogdon, the junction of
the two Pacific Railroads in Utah. The tenor
of letters affecting to bo private and of the
recent press despatches received here leaves
no doubt of the object- in viewv With refer
ence to the hist report of the crucible and
other test applied by Cornish miners and
other experts, the Geologist of tbe General
Land Office states*that ho recently tested
some of the identical mineral referred to and
pronounced against its claim to bo recognized
as tin. This verdict giving dissatisfaction to
expectant speculators, he sent the fossil com
pound to a noted--'expert in Philadelphia, who
applied to it the ultimate tests of chemistry,
and declared it to bar* no commercial value
whatever, except, perhaps, ns ballast. Corn
wall. may possess itself iu peace a little
longer.
FURNITURE,
THE WEBER
Fniiiiture Company.
OF DETROIT,
Having established a Branch in
Chicago, at corner of JACKSON and
CLARK-STS, are now able to supply
any quantity of
FURNITURE
Of every description at FOUR DAYS*
NOTICE.
They always have a Sample Stock
sufficient for Rooms, Cottages, &c., on
hand. Private Mansions, Hotels and
others will find prices LOW, terms
LIBERAL, and attention PROMPT.
Address A. A. FARWELL, Agt,
Corner Jackson Clark-sts., Chicago
STOVES.
STOVE DEALERS!
We have kept our stock complete by heavy ship
ments from our foundries, and you can rely upon hav
ing your orders filled without ft day’s delay for the
FEARLESS
Cooking Stove, for Coal or Wood.
BRILLIANT
Baae-Burner. for largo or small rooms. CHEAP
COOK AND PARLOR STOVES in great variety, at
low prices.
J. F. RATHBONE CO.
30 and 33 Soutli Canal-st.
STOVES.
If yon want a stove for your parlor, store, office, or
chamber, get tho King of BASE BURNERS,
THE ILLUMINATOR.
If you want tho best cook stove in ttie world, war*
ranted in every respect, get tho
MAGEE ADVANCE,
MAOEE STANDARD, with roasting closet, &c.,or
Dlngce’s New Portable Range,
Tho Cheapest and best range In the market.
Sufferers by the great Urn can get heating or cook
stoves at wholesale pficis, delivered aud set up by
TILL.OTSOIV BROS.,
•TlicA igaitwir. corner Jarkion-tt.
SHIRTS;
GENUEVB
Cheviot Shirts.
SO Dozen Just EeceM,
In Sew and Desirable Styles.
BROWN PRIOR,
659 Wabash-av.,
MfettereH Thirteenth and Fourteenth-*ts,
BOOTS AND SHOES
Boots ail Slots.
DAGGETT,BASSETT 11WS,
HEADGkUABTEES AT
522 Wabash-av.,
corner Harmon-camt, are now receiving a ncjr etockol
Boots and Shoes,
and arc prepared to supply cus
tomers.
Weage,
Kirtland Ordway,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Boots Shoes,
Aro receiving fall stock In ibcir new store, No. 223
MICUIGAN-AV., opposite Tremont Ilbnso, and are
ready to supply their old friends and the trade gen
erally Tho BEST GOODS AND THE LOWEST
PRICES.
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
LOCATED
Comer Clark and Polk-sts.
Containing ISO Boons. The -Largest and
Best Furnished Hotel in the West.
H. A, MUtlAe, Late Jlatteson Dome,
WILLIS HOWE, tale St. James Hotel,
Will he pleased to see their old friend*. Ask lor
B hmw for the NEW ST. JAMES.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodations fer the fall and winter at rery mod
erate prices. Inaulrw at Birerstd j Hotel, or at tin* of
fles of the Riverside ImiroTtment Compaur,
70« WA UAtfIT.A V
FOR SALE.
Fialeiia Pressed Uriel!
I am now prepared to fill orders for a SU
PERIOR ARTICLE of BRICE for building
Fronts. Samples canbo seen at my offl-qo,
220 LAK^-STm
Grand Opening!
ROBERT H. G ARBITER takes pleasure in notify,
hag his numerous frlrnds thatbowm, Til IS DAY,
Nov, 16, IS7I, open In connection with his Cigar
Business, at 821 frtste-st, under Cltv Hotel, acotnlor
table and select Sample-room. A connnoanoo of his old
custom is Tho host ol Liquors on hand.
R» H. GARDNER 9 821 STATE -ST.
NUMBER 102.
HURLBUT
EDSALL,
619 State-st,
Importers and Wholesale Dealers
in Drugs, Druggists’ Glassware, Pat
ent Medicines, Paints, Oils, Dye Stuffs,
and Manufacturers’ Supplies,
Agents for Henry Thayer Co.’s
FLUID EXTRACTS AND SUGAR
COATED PILLS: JOHN WEYTD A
BROS.’ ELEGANT PREPARATIONS;
COLLIER CO.’S LEADS.
lip Central
Railroad Co.
We are now prepared to receive and
forward Weight to all local stations
on Michigan Central Road and
branches, also to all points East.
TIIOS. HOOPS,
General Freight Agent.
PM, SWIFT GO,
34 North Canal-st.
Sole Agents for the Celebrated
MAGNOLIA,” DEXTER,”
I. X. L. Family Flour.
None Genuine unless obtained from ns.
Buckwheat Flour, Hominy, Commeal,
Pearl Barley, &c., constantly in stock.
W9L 1 SCHUFiMi.
IMPORTER,
Offers now a Large Stock of
French German Wines,
LIQUORS, CIGARS,
Fancy Groceries,
All of REGENT importation,
Wholesale and Retail.
5 4 7 IT. Madison-st., near the bridge.
WEBSTER BROS.,
No. 485 West lVashington-s(.,
FRONTING UNION PARK.
Former Location, ,\o. 84 Wabash-ar.
We are prepared, as formerly, to ac
commodate our city and country cus
tomers, with a full stock of Ml].Li-
NERY, at the lowest market prices.
We have no BRANCH HOUSE in this
city or ever have had. All orders,
Wholesale or Retail, left with the
above, addresswill receive ourprompt
attention.
Boil Pay i 10 Prices.
Carpets,
Oil Cloths, Etc
C. W. E. PARDRIDGE CO.
J. L. WAYNE SON,
NO. 14 NORTH CANAL-ST.,
(Late 190 Lako-at.,) hare a tnU Use of
Cabinet, Builders’ and General
HARDWARE,
Upholsterers’ Goods Undertakers’
Trimmings.
Thanking .friends for past patronage, wo ask a con
tinuance nf the satdo.
RIVERSIDE
HOTEL COMPANY.
Public notice is hereby giren that the undersigned
are tbe only persons authorized in any way to contract
or to make engagement* for, or that can bind the
RIVERSIDE HOTEL COMPANY; and that any en
gagement or contract purporting to bo made (or or on
account of said Company, will bo Invalid and void a*
against sold Company, unless made upon their joint
order. A. C. BADGER.
Chicago. Nov. 13. isrt.
REMOVAL.
JEWETT ROOT,
Manufacturers of Stoves and Hollow
Ware, have removed their office to No.
343 Wahaah-av‘. Warehouse comer of
Clark and Sixteenth-sts. We have a full
assortment and can fill orders promptly.
Dobnqne Soft Coal Base-Burner,
A perfect gas and smoke-barner. economical in con-
Y. Calland'sco 1
Rlchigan-av., corner Jackson-st.
P. S, MESEROLE.
•NS.
Brick Wanted.
One Trillion ot Bricks mated. Lear. umplMxnil
prices at tie office of P. E, BAtJMArtJf,
Cor. Uaßalle and Uooioo-its.
DRUGS.
FREIGHT.
General Freight Agent’s Office,
November 15,1871.
FLOUR.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
MILLINERY.
WEBSTER BROS.,
485 West Washington-st.
CARPETS.
Cor. Congress State-sts.
HARDWARE.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
S. D. KIMHABK,
W. T. ALLEN.
Trustee*.
STOVES.
TUB CliirtßliAlED
WANTED.
nsußuroE.
Inin ini
OB’
Arthur C. Ducat.
30 and 32 Canai-st, West Side, f's
Wabash-av., South Side.
A4jostiiigoiSce,494 Wabash-a
Insure your Dwellings in tbefollov.-.
panics tried by fire and found true:
ing old, well-known and reliable Cov-
HOME
Insurance Company, of New Ytr L'.
Organized 1853.
HOWARD
Insurance Company, of New YorL.
Organized 1825.
CITIZENS 9
Insurance Company, of New York,
Organized 1836,
The above companies pay evert;
cent of their Chicago Losses prompt! i<
and with unimpaired capital will ern
tinue to indemnify the people.
t Losses paid by this Agency up to
o’clock, 13th inst., amounted to on v
and a half million of dollars.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT, Agent
The First in the Field.”
THE HOME
Insurance Company
OF
COLUMBUS, OHIO.
Cash Capital, $500,000.00
Cash assets, Nov. 1,
1871 995,479.12
liabilities, incliid-
ing Chicago losses, 353,479.12
Was the first Company to notify polity
holders in Chicago that claims would be paid
in (tail.
The losses of the Company by the Chisago
fire are being adjusted and paid Us rapidly
as possible. Business solicited at fair rates.
Adjusting Office for Chicago,
No. 17 Eldridge-court
Agents of the Company visiting the city
are requested to call
JACOB PEETBBY, GenT Agent.
Oeo. C. Clarke Co.,
LOCAL AGBNTS.
10 Eldridge-court.
/ETNA
Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organized *l, If. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
s29,ooo,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Gash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-insurance fund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
Mil in k I'ASCO, Am,
Office, SBS Wabash-av., 43 Sooth Canal-it.,
Availing Office: 750 Wabash-av.,
Where over one and a quarter mUllon dol
lars losses by the late fire bare already bees
paid to over 700 claimants.
Underwriters’ Agency,
OP NEW YORK.
Cash Assets, After paying Chicago Losses.
$2,500,000.
We are paying losses In fhU as fait as ad
listed, by Sight Drafts on lev York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 Sonth Caiial-st.,
SECOND FLOOB.
FIRE INSURANCE
Risks written on Dwellings and ether prop
erty, at the Local Offices,
62 South Canal-st., 2<l Hoar,
and 475 Wabash-av.
m, shew k non,
AGENTS.
SAINT FAUX,
FIRE AND MARINE
Insurance Company.
Cash Capital and Sorpins, ITot. 1, 1871,
after paying Chicago losses, $722,588.
Losses adjusted and doe, SOSE.
Losses unadjusted outside of Chicago, $5,-
840.
Chicago losses adjusted and paid, and Poll
eles Issacd by ini. E. KOLLO, 204 West
Kandolpb-st.
J. C. BtCBUl; President.
BMW ISSiMCE JUT,
Adjustment Office,
608 WABASH AT.
Parties hating claims against this Com
pany will please present the same for adjust
ment to Messrs. SLY BILL, 608 Wabash
at., who will also receive for cancellation
policies of this Company, under which no
loss has been sustained.
T. E. RTTT.T.MAIY,
REPUBXIC
Insurance Comp’y.
I Continue to Buy Adjusted Claims
AT HIGHEST CASH RATES.
D. K. TENNEY.
451 waboah*T
American Exchange and Commerce Fire In*
snrance Companies, of Yew York.
AU persona ba'lng Polldies on which tier ban
claims for lees Viu present their proofs Inunemstetr:
and all bavins rolielos in the Companies on vrMoh
there lias been do loss will bring them in for
tlon. J *^NrtrilpHY.Ad3u««r,
h or. 10, l&« L 77 West MadUoo-ak, Boon
For Rocelrep.