PBOTECTION AGAINST FIBE.
BullJiug 3lu(erial« aud Plr# Ex-
tlngnishers,'
Fire Limits, Building Ordinance, Etc.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
I Sir: The terrible destruction of Chicago
sounds a note of warning so awful in its charac
ter that none can choose but hear it. It calls
men to consider if the congregated thousands in
our- populous cities must continue to be exposed
to such fearfully tragic visitations—if all their
earthly possessions and the lives of themselves
and kindred arc, and must be, uoavoidablv ex
posed to sudden destruction at any hour and
with no hope of averting the danger. The heart
ol humanity shrinks away from such a
and were men forced to hold it constantly be
fore their minds, bow soon would they creep
away in fear from the cities and isolate them
selves In far-separated spots! Only by shutting
their eyes against such warnings as the great
fires of London, Hamburg, and Chicago are
they able to dwell thus under the uplifted arm
of death. The most terrible calamities often
teach the most valuable lessons, and thoughtful
men will be vigilant to detect what may be
proclaimed by this last hideous messenger of
destruction.
To me it suggests two questions, which
would seem deserve, if they have
not already received, the most earn
est, scrutinizing, and rigorous examination;
by scientific men, philanthropists, capitalists,
legislators, and citizens at large. The first of
these is whether we can build commodious and
comfortable buildings that shall be actually and
absolutely incombustible, and yet keep within
the limits of economical investment Now it
seems plain that the only escape from city fires
is to erect buildings that shall contain no com
ihistiblo material in any port of their structure.
Stone, brick, mortar, and iron arc the only ma
terial at present available for such a purpose.
The first three of these ore already employed on
foundations and walls with every desirable suc
cess. But, having gone thus (ar with incombus
tible material, it is deemed economical, in fact,
almost necessary, to use wood to put in floors
doora, windows, cornice, etc. An effort is thee
made to render this wood-work fire-proof bj
me of points and preparations, bat bow vainly
recent events only too painfully declare. The
attempt is simply futile and absurd. Now, the
question it, Bare we any incombustible ma
terial that can be safely and economically
put in the place of wood for these finishing
works Iron only is at present available, and
with thepresent perfected processes of working
preparing, and finishing iron, we see
so reason why it cannot be made equally ac
ceptable in all these uses. If it were employed,
the contents of a building, the goods and mer
chandise stored in it might burn; but, except in
the case of large quantities of highly Inflammable
material, ns oils, spirits Arc., could scarcely pro
duce sufficient beat to materially damage the,
structure, and even then there would be no pos
sibility of the fire extending beyond the build
ing in wblcb It originated, I believe that Iron
may be used and onr buildings be none the less
ornate, none the less acceptable, nil things con
sidered. The only question to be discussed
then under this head, is that of economy. And
the answer to this must continue to control the
matter so long as men generally love their own
lucre more than their neighbors 7 lives. It is
in this country, where the natural facilities for
the production of Iron arc so great, to estimate
carefully, and with the most far-reaching liberal-1
minded computations, whcthcc, all things con
sidered, iron is not more economical than wood i
for building purposes, in large cities, where the I
.danger of fire, and the difficulty of controlling i
it are so patent. It will, I fear, be proved by
this vast destruction, that fire insurance fails
just at the time of most ur
gent need, and ‘is powerless against
the* worst losses. But, even if it .withstand
this violent schock, it needs accurate estimating
to show whether the amounts now annually
expended upon the insurance of buildings
would not pay, or more tban pay, the interest
on the additional amount required to construct
buildings so entirely indestructible by fire that
little or no insurance would be required. Of
course, wc arc speaking now of buildings in
masses where risks of fire arc greater, and the
value of buildings augmented. If iron be, or
be not, available within the limits of a wise
economy, it still rests with men of science, sus
tained by capitalists, who arc tbclr natural
protectors, to be diligent in the search after
something that it is better or cheaper' than
Iron or wood. Wc believe in science pursued
for its results, rather than for its knowledge
science practical, rather than, ideal. Wc re- I
gard the true end of scientific study to be, not!
eo much that the student may repeat and
recite in books the principles he has discovered,
ns that be may apply them in overcoming tbo
obstacles man finds in bis path of progress.
This question of [not fire-proof] incombustible
building we commend to the most scrutinizing
investigation of scientific men, philanthropists
men of money, architects, legislators; all whose
Interest is linked with the interest of men and
the progress of the race in wealth, civilization,
and security. It is on old question. Let it be
handled anew.
Let American mind be applied to it with that
intensity that characterizes all Yankee intellec
tual processes.
Along with this question of Incombustible
bnildings comes h second question of no less
importance, and one that cannot fail to be most
interesting so long ns it remains unanswered,
and anything possessfng value continues to be
inflammable, for not houses and blocks of build
ings only can burn, but almost every article of
■value, whither isolated or heaped together, can
be destroyed by fire. This second question is,
can any means be found for effectually arrest
ing combustion under all circumstances Re
cent events prove that water applied with all
he skill and power men possess is utterly use
less to arrest the progress of flame under pre
cisely those circumstances which most demand
an efficient means of resistance to the fiery ele
ment. Certain gases have the effect of at once
smothering and subduing the most violent con
flagration by withdrawing the supply of oxy
gen. But here a difficulty presents itself. Thai
which thus smothers a fire suffocates all liring
beings, and, for the same reason, to apply the
gas without its deadly result is the problem
for solution. This problem we commend ns we
have done the first one, to the investigation of
all who are interested in humanity, and can do
aught to promote its study.
Philanthropists can agitate it, legislators can
Stimulate Its study.and capitalists and property
owners will reward Us solution.
There is an old saying -which declares that
Fools can ask questions wise men cannot an
swer." We offer no answers to these questions.
We have not even a suggestion to make con
cerning them, except what we bare made, that
they deserve examination by«ll. No one can
guess or foreknow what lucky accident may put
him in possession of the answers if be only keep
the questions in mind.
Along with these questions is a third, whose
importance depends not at all upon the answers
of these being unsatisfactory. The right to
property carries with it the corresponding obli
gation for all other persons to abstain from acts
that aboil endanger its possession or lessen its
flecarity. In crowded cities the rights of men
do lie so close that the utmost caution is
necessary to prevent an interference. Nothing
bot the most discriminating legislation can set
up the standard of justice among the conflict
ing interests, and wisdom, integrity
and conrogc are required to enable this
to be done. It might seem at first
thought that each man had a right t« build on
hi* own land whatever and however be pleased.
Bat It must be borne in mind that in the exer
cise of bit right he must not endanger or vio
late the property ot his neighbor. Governme:. ts
have recognized the necessity of maintaining
the security of each, and city governments have
controlled to a certain extent the character of
buildings within a certain limit. This control
is surely just and proper where such vast inter
*sts of life and property are at stake. It is a
question which may be fairly discussed. Hoa
this control been sufficiently and wisely exer
cised Coder this question we may ask several
subordinate ones.. Would It not be just and
wise to elect a hoard of capable and trust
worthy men to whom should be given the en
tire control, under certain and proper rcstric
lions, of the pious and materials of all buildings
erected within the city limits? Pass city laws
VOLUME 25.
jquirißff every builder before beginning bis
ork to submit his plan, with detailed account
ma r 3to usci3 i *0 tliis supervising board
V*'” acc cptanec or reiectiou. and
make it obligatory upon this board to reject all
pans which they deem would unnecessarily ex
pose or endanger the property of others, and
make it penal to build upon a plan not approv
ed by the board. Then establish certain limits
within which no person shall be nUowed to use
any combustible material in any part of his
tmildmg, then a second district might be set off
surrounding this first district and no walls or
roofs or cornice be permitted thereon except
stone, brick, iron, concrete or slate, the interior
of the building allowably of wood, then sur
rounding this second district allow wooden
structures, but separate them from the second
district by a reasonably protecting open space.
UouM it not seem that such an arrangement
must make the central wealth of cities perfectly
secure if certain other precautions are observed
For instance, may it not wisely and justly be re
quired that nil inflammable drugs,oils, etc.,except
sample or small retail stocks shall bo stored
outside the city .limits? That all coal,
lumber and gunpowder, except small retail
stock shall be excluded from the city limits, or
lat least from tbc Immediate proximity of .all
buildings? Would it not be wise to place the
1 water-works of a city within the first proposed
district, and thus secarc them in the time when
most needed? Many other questions of interest
,are linked with these, but I pause content with
asking questions. Will the wise men try to an
swer them, or propound better for solution, or
will they goon in their old careless ways and
suffer as before? Will they place their most
valuable records in fire-proof rooms and im
agine them safe?
These questions concern all cities, and espe
cially should Chicago consider them and be
wise.
Having no aim but to promote tho future se
curity of life and property in large cities, 1 have
written the above, hoping it may find room in
your columns, Very respectftilly,
South Chicago, Oct IG.
Mr. Gladstone and HU Greenwich Cons tit
ucner-Thn XSesponalbilKy for Xnvnl 1)1*
iuler« -Mercenary XoTelUli-Xew Booka-
Propoaed Electoral Union.
From Oar Special Correspondent.
London*, October 5.
The Under Secretaries of State, the titled ofli
clals, the big-wigs of the Ministry generally,
are all asking each other what Mr. Gladstone
will say. The occasion is unique and the ex
pectations various.
Three years ago Mr. Gladstone was rejected
by the influential county of South Lancashire,
which was bent upon showing its disapproval of
fits Radical leanings, and, though Premier, he
would have been unable to take his seat in the
House had not the populous and democratic
borough ot Greenwich, assuming the worst, in
the meantime accepted him. Now, Greenwich
is not a fashionable town. It is true that the
place Is associated with the naval glories of
England that every fighting Jack-tar has had
before his eyes the prospect of a pension
and a berth at Greenwich Hospital;
that Nelson’s relics arc treasured
here, the coat which the fatal bullet pierced,
and the flag of the ship on which he fell; true
that a noble park.well-stocked with deer, gives a
rural air to the tour. Though all is within sight
of St. Paul’s Cathedral, Greenwich is, neverthe
less, essentially democratic and vulgar. The
Thames, which rolls by, loses its fashionable
character after it lias passed through West
minster bridge; and Greenwich is mixed up,
even in the minds of the middle classes, with
cheap tea and shrimps, and an annual fair, to
which half the blackguards of London are wont
to travel. As the darling son of Oxford Uni
versity, the roan of fine tastes and haughty
bearing, Mr. Gladstone must have winced at
the obligation thrust upon him by Green
wich. It was convenient enough, buthadonlv
some other borough offered it. Greenwich,
itself, was not so harmonious os it seemed. A
busy, intemperate agitator, who had been of
service to the Liberal party, persisted in offer
ing himself to the electors, and Mr
Gladstone was chiefly selected to gel rid of him.
Mr. Langley could not with any decency op
pose Mr. Gladstone, but he "bad bis feelings
os he withdrew. Now, what was the Premier’s
course toward those plcbian electors who saved
him from, at all events, momentary polilica
exile. I regret to say it was an ungenerous one.
Mr. Gladstone wrote a grateful letter, and with
it was content. The recess arrived, other mem
bers visited their friends, and Ministers of Statu
delivered oracular utterances. Mr. Gladstone
alone was silent. He appeared to shrink from
contact with his democratic constituents
Another year passed, and yet no visit The
Tories, noticing this general discontent, started
a requisition calling upon Mr. Glad
stone to resign his seal. The story was
circulated that the said requisition proceeded
from the Liberals; but in fact it originated in
a joke by the Tories, and only looked serious
when the world outside assumed it to be the
work of Mr. Gladstone’s former supporters.
This year the feeling was intense. “What
have we done? Why this contemptuous treat
ment was the universal cry. A leading mem
ber of the popular party wrote to the govern
ment “whip” and plainly told him that if Mr.
Gladstone did not see them this recess the Lib
erals would take no more trouble about bim.
Mr. Glyn, it is said, pleaded Mr. Gladstone’s
numerous engagements; but Ibis time the local
leader was firm. “I throw upon you,” he said
"all the responsibility. The Greenwich people
are so angry that only a visit can pacify them.”
It is under these circumstances that Mr. Glad
stone is to face bis ill-used supporters.
Once at Greenwich, facing a densely-crowded
audience, Mr. Gladstone is safe so far os carry
ing the day there, and I think no doubt need
exist. The Toricsjmny try to create a disturb
ance, but there is a magic in the highest oratory
which even ruffianism has to respect. Dot
pleasing the English people away from the
charm of his voice, is another thing. Mr. Glad
stone stands between the Liberal party—half of
whom are begging him to remain still, and half
are urging him to go on. Whichever way he
stirs he must give offence. For the moment, he
has risen in the lavor of the middle classes by
his resolute language against the Irish
repealers. His words arc widely quoted.
Nut the j>eople want to know what
he bus to say of the strikes; ol the
llonsc ot Lords; of real secular education of
the existence of a State Church. Mr. Gladstone
will probably deliver himself of a manifesto, to
be as celebrated os the Tamwark manifestos of
the latc'Sir Robert Peel.
Apart from questions of principle, the public
want to hear what the Ministry intends to do
with the army; and, above all, bow the fright
ful disasters to government vessels are to be ex
plained.
Mr. Goschcrs was transferred from the Poor
Lsw Board to the Admiralty under in
auspicious circumstances. The loss of the
Captain had fcarlully affected the public
mind, and this disaster has been
followed by a succession of blows to the reputa
tion of the English navy for seamanship. The
loss of the Poyche; the loss of the Rcgara;
the grounding of the Agincourt on a well
known rock off the Bay ot Gibraltar; the later,
but fortunately less dangerous, accidents to the
Rcpnlsc and the Race, have shown that
the system of naval training at present in use is
neither scientific nor thorough enough to turn
out officers fit to handle iron-dads. Somebody
will hire to answer for this in Parliament.
Probably it will bo Mr. Baiter. At all events,
■t would be excessively unfair to blame Mr.
Goscher for the fail are in seamanship which
has demoralized the navy.
A short time a K othe following advertisement
appeared in the London Alhenamm “Wanted—
a surrmg livciy story (original), 0 f 40 ot 60
chapters, for a popular weekly periodical. It is
mential that It ihonld be foil of incident,
abound in dramatic description, and contain a
variety of modern life and character; also, that
it should be moral in its tone and instructive in
its teaching. For the suitable production of an
writer a good price will be given.
Address This advertisement it must be
which has set in movement the authors of such
novels as are announced to appear immediately,
with titles after this fashion: “Haifa Doze'a
aughters," “Cruel as the Grave" (this by a
ounless), “Linked at Last," and “Is Shea
Wife." Novel-writing is now a smart trade. I
know two or three persons who have given up
good situations for the “business*" I meet
one of them frequently, lie is usually
radiant. “Ah, my boyt This is better
than that government office; £SOO
I down for my next novel, and
another one on the hooks.* I wonder bow long
it will last Each of bis stories has leas in it
than its predecessor of originality. That ho
has no time for observation or study, I think
uot so much of os that be should have become
so horridly commercial. Novels deal with the
romance of life. They treat of the passions
.and affections, arresting and condensing the
fragrant essence of things. And yet I declare I
do not know a more tradesman-like' class than
the English novelists of the present day. Ninc
tentbs of their talk is of money; what they have
received, what they expect to receive, and how
much somebody else has had. Tales arc writ
ten to order,—terms, cash payment. If you
speak well of a particular production, you
instantly hear what it fetched. Its mer
its, apaiyt from the market value, arc
ignored. “It is the modern spirit,” says a sym
pathizing friend, “the only writers not money
grabbers are the poets, and they still give away
their works.” However, please except sucb
authors ns Mrs. Lewes from the foregoing sweep
ing description. The publishers could tell you
mat their great trouble is to persuade her to
write. Let us be 1 hankful that her new work is
not in blank verse, \nd does not deal with the
times of Savaronola, but is a story of English
provincial life, like Adam Bede.”
G. E. Clark.
Among other notable books this autumn wil
be a "History of Domestic Manners and Senti
ments daring the Middle Ages,’' by Thomas
Wright, M. A., with illnstrations from contem
porary MSS.; a book called "Our Poor Rela
tions,” by Colonel Hamley, whom I observed,
during the late Aldershot manoeuvres, deep in
military strategy; the third volume of Lord
Brougham's autobiography; and two books
about India, viz.: Eastern Experiences,” by
Lewin B. Bowring,"Lord Canning’s Private
Secretary, and for many years the Principal
Commissioner of Mysore and Coorg, illustrated
with maps and diagrams, and "Western India
Before and during the Mutinies, Pictures drawn
drawn from Life” by Major General Sir George
Le Grand Jacob.
Messrs. Sampson, Low Co., who have pub-
liabed American books very largely, now appear
to be laying themselves out for illustrated books.
I notice the following as their last: "Fairy
Tales,” by Hans Christian Andersen, illustrated
by twelve large designs in color, after original
drawings by E. V. 8., the text newly translated
by H. L« D. Ward and Augusta Piesner Curl
Werner’s "Nile Sketches,” painted from nature
during bis travels througbt Egyp,—the first of
a scries of water-color drawings in perfect fac
simile of the originals, mounted on strong Eng
lish card-board, large folio, 23 by 17% inches*
with preface and descriptive text by
Dr. A. E. Brchm and Dr. Dumichca;
Illustrations to Goethe's Faust,” by
Paul Koncwka, the English text from
Bayard Taylors translations (the illustrations
arc very finely finished silhouettes), dedicated
by special permission to the "Geras of Dutch
Art;” twelve photographs from the finest en
gravings in the British Museum, by Stephen
Thompson, with descriptive letterpress by G.
W. Reid, Keeper of the Prints, British Museum;.
Viadarts ‘.‘bonders of Sculpture,” uniform
with the "Wonders of Italian Art,” etc., nu
merous illustrations, square Bvo.
We are to have, also, “Pen Photographs of
Charles Dickens' Readings,” by Kate Field, "an
American.” This young lady gave some private
readings lately at the Haymarket Theatre, I
see the volume is to contain Illustrations.” I
am sure the book will be more interesting if the
authoress’ portrait is included. Miss Ficldstruck
her English auditors ns posscsiog much spirit
ami cnergv.
Some audacious speculator is bringing out a
completion of Charles Dickens’ 4 Mystery of
Edwid Drood,” the type, cover, etc., being a
copy of the original.
To the attacks upon American publishers, the
Bookseller” very aptly replies For this
country the works of Cooper, Washington Irv
ing. Longfellow, Bryant, Mrs. Stowe, Noah Web
ster, and every other author whose writings are
worth it. are printed without thir consent or
knowledge, or that of theirreprcsenlatives but
here, all who do such things are honorable, re
spectable men. There can be no piracy in tak
ing that which the law of England permits.”
A proposition has just been made which will
greatly affect, it carried out, the politics of Eng
land. It is, that the people establish an elector
al union on the model of the trades unions. The
political interests of the people, it is urged, are
as much in common as are the trade interests of
the men of any trade, and the machinery that
correctly ascertains the feeling and gives effect
to the decisions of the great majority in the one
case, might advantageously be applied
to the other. A trades union can
obtain the opinion of like trades
upon any given subject; can, where there is a
difference of opinion, lake on exact vote upon
it, and can, at all times, be relied upon os an
authoritative channel for the expression of the
feeling of the trade. It can circulate all docu
ments requiring general signature, and it is u
sterling and ever ready means ot combined
action. All this an electoral union could do
for the people in political matters, and such a
union might easily be established.. It would
have a central office in London ns the seat ot
government, and branches in every town;
each branch, of course, electing its own officers.
By means of such a union, the working classes
throughout the country could, at election times,
arrange a general platform, and draw up a sort
of candidates’ catechism, that would serve as a
test on great principles and the leading ques
tions of the time.
UEUMASY ASD FKAXCE.
The Beeepllon of the Body Gnard-XaUon
•l Peace Aaaoclatlon The Finances of
France-Xnlerview wilt* a French Official.
From oar Special Corre*posdei>t.
The imperial capital has fully resumed its
political and social interest. This day is the
liveliest wc have witnessed since the triumphal
entry ot the troops. Everything seems to coin
cide to make this opening day of the "saison
d'hiver” highly interesting. The Emperor,
well and strong, returned from his long summer
tour on Saturday. Prince Bismarck had alrondv
arrived the day previous; and the Grown Prince,
Prince George, Prince Adalbrccht, and Marshal
Mollke have since made their appearance, and
their magnificent equipages add grandeur to the
master right afforded by tbo broad and beauti
ful “Unler den Linden:’* from the Royal Castle
to the Brandenburg Gate.
The reception of the Body Guard officers took
place this forenoon, from 10 to 11. 1 was favored
with admittance to the Royal Palace, and with
a "standing scat" in the spacious ball into
which opens the reception room. Here the of
ficers patiently waited, and were received in
tarn, according to their rank. His Majesty was
in full dress, and looked decidedly martial, and
more like a man of 00 than like one who is
already much on the worse side of 70. He par
ticularly distinguished bat very few of the of
ficers, I have not learned the nature and grade
of the royal favors granted.
At the close of this brilliant reception—bril
liant not in the usqal sense ot that word, for
there was Jnot a dame or dapugl tq be seen, but
erer; man appeared in bis very best, and a
CHICAGO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1871,
M. Pouyer Querticr arrived here on Sunday
with MM. Uzcnne, Fenelon, and Valoo,
and look quarters at the Royal Hotel.
According to the chief Paris correspon
dent of the Independence Beige,” he
s fully empowered by if. .Thiers losettle the
Alsace-Lorraine question, politically as well as
{financially. He has already had two interviews
with Bismark, and I learn, from sources con
sidered reliable, that the thorny difficulty bids
fair to be satisfactorily disposed of, and that
probably the treaty will bo signed before the
French Minister returns.
The finances of France are now exciting much
general attention, and no small degree of fear
among the friends of the Republic. As the wild
est and most contradictory reports are circulated
in regard to this matter, I called to see M.
Pouyer-Quertier, for the purpose, if possible, of
ascertaining the facts. 1 hastened from the
Garrison Church to the Hotel Royal, and, on
being informed that the gentleman was present
sent in my card. TheJMinister plead business,
and represented himself by one of the gentlemen
above named, and who actedmucb aslhough he
feared one of Bismarck’s spies was after him. i
The following conversation took place: i
t; What is there nt your seivice, sir?’*
“In view of the alarming state in which the
finances of your great country are represented
to be—os you, no doubt, are aware—the exceed-
ing sensitiveness of German and English capi
talists, and the interest which our .American
public take in the afiairs of France, 1 have come,
if tavored, to inquire of his Excellency concern-
ing a few generally credited statements, about
which the Journal Official remains perfectly
silent.”
favor us with
If you were in Paris, there we might give
you the information you desire; for America
and France are becoming more nearly related,
and this is kind of you but he bus been hero
three or four days now, and can’t tell you much
about it,”
“But I am not in Paris, and iltmsieuris here;
and could well tell me, if be would, whether it
is true that France is now burdened with a
milliard of interest annually, and whether—”
Bub! those are nil newspaper reports. lean
tell you that that is not true.”
“Yes, I believe that, and have asserted the
same in the Paris and American journals
but my statements have been contradicted, and
plausible proofs brought against them. Are you
willing that I should affirm this upon your
name?”
“We arc not in the habit of doing so bull
can assure you that it is not true, and that it
will be so proved as soon as the National Assem
bly again meets. France is rich. We thank
you for your interest in us. America and France
are now destined to be brought much nearer to
each other.”
Here ended the interview. According to the
reports now circulated, France is in a fearfullv
alarming financial condition. Her annual in
terest paid, she would have left but a little over
one quarter of her usual allowance to carry on
the government. The Emperor consumed two
milliards yearly; the Republic, it seems, has'
but a fraction over a quarter of that amount to
detray her current expenses and pay the thou-
sands upon thousands of indemnity claims
which arc accruing. You can well imagine
what influence such reports have on the mar
kets and in the fields of political speculations.
This, too, is fuel for the Imperialists, who arc
daily and arduously pressing their cause. They
make their headquarters in Switzerland; but
they are in Belgium among the members of the
French Assembly, in the army, in the forming
government of Paris, in the Councils Gcneraux,
and in all the cities of the south, occupying po
sitions of sufficient 'prominence to give to their
word all power needed to instantly reconvert
the trivial masses of France from the Republic
to the fallen regime.
Seizure ol Plate*. Prtwca, SicaU. Type and
fibre Paper.
From the New York Time;, Oct. 27.
Colonel hitlcy, Chief of the Secret Service
has known for many months that a skillful
counterfeiter was a resident of New-York, and
that in the boldest manner the man was exe
cuting plates for other counterfeiters in distant
parts ot the United Slates. He, however, could
not be IraAd to bis workshop, and would doubt
less have Jong eluded the search of detectives, if
through a remarkable aeries of betrayals, the
Police bad not at last bad him surrendered into
their grasp. On the Gib of September the detec
tives arrested David Kirkbridge for offering to
sell counterfeit money. Kirkbridge was easily
frightened into informing the officers that be
had, but a week previously, purchased queer”
to the amount of $2,000 from Stephen Paine a
•notorious passer of the same. Paine said
that he had often obtained counterfeit money
from Harry Cole a resident of Jersey
City, and, in fact, lust obtained from that
treasury $3,000 of fictitious bilis. Cole was
arrested, and when questioned, confessed that
he bad bought the counterfeit monev trom
Joshua D. Miner, a contractor for street paving
in Sixty-seventh street, nearJXinlbavcuue. -He
is well known as “Jock Miner,” and Is said to
have given employment as a street contractor
to nearly 130 meu for many years back. Ar
rangements were made by Col. Whitley with
Cole for the caulure ef this man. who for many
years past had been connected with the ••queer
business.” He is said to have furnished capital
for carrying it on. He it was who *r o i u p the
§IOO compound interest note in 1864, of which
$950,000 worth were printed. A' parly named
Holmes was arrested at the time for the transac
tion, and Miner went his hall in $60,000. Col
M hitley got Cole to fix matters with Miner so
that a meeting, might be had between the two
hitter on ednesday night on the corner of
Sixty-seventh street and Broadway. Here Cole
was to receive plates and counterfeit money
amounting to $4,000 for §1,500. Miner was
Willing to trade, and, by the way, he used
to sell this queer ior two cents on the dollar.
At the time appointed Miner appeared in front
of his own stables, and was approached by a
man who brought a couple of packages, aud
was about receiving them when Colonel Whit
ney detectives, who had been ambushed near
by, pounced upon the man, whoso name was
Tom Ballard, alias Avery, and found that the
packages contained f5,000 in connterfeils.
Meanwhile had not observed the
fate of his friend, received $1,500 in good money
from Cole, and pulling from bis -ockct a coun
terfeit plate on the National Bank of Pough
keepsie, and another for $2 notes on the Muih
Rational JJank of this city, handed them to
Cole. At this moment a preconcerted signal
was given, and the detectives sprang upon their
man. Aimer, thus attacked, dropped money and
everything, and getting one of the officers fingers
broke huf l u b a A "’nil-directed ikow
broke his hold, and very soon persuasion ol a
similar character brought him to his senses
prisoners were taken to the flleecker
H™* i= ecrel Service Office, while the officers
A. 5r n t i ac r Drool against them, in the
sb sP?, of counterfeits and prisses.
t fenr business—his work-shop—
at-No SoG Rivinglon street, was first
ednesday night by the officers. On the upner
floor of the Budding, which is a enement
house, were found W. 500 concealed behind the
sub base, together with inks, colors, and a St non
Lmlcd suites Treasury iSue pUte, parUy en
graved. There was also an old woman/who
represented herself as being his aunt, but pro
fessed no knowledge of the man’s empiovmsnt
outside of his being an eograrer. Maliy of the
tools of las craft were found about the tiremlSd*
Indeed, it appears that Ballard, who resides in i
Beblix, Prussia, Oct 10,
t finer-Icokiog set of officers 1 have never seen;
true, they are the elite of the German army.
The Emperor betook himself at once to the* Ga
rrison Church, in which were assembled the most
influential Protestant clergymen of the realm,
t They constitute what is termed the -National
Peace Association, a body whose purpose is to
contrive means to gather a “spiritual
out of the sad effects of the late war. The de
plorable fact that, religiously, Germany is
very far in arrear of the. position
she is now called upon to lake
in the political world, is realized, and these
religious teachers are beginning to awake to a
sense of their tearfully neglected duty. Their
Royal hero and patron encouraged them by his*
preseqee, but he had not a word to say. All
the Protestant churches are open,.and many of
them are crowded. There is a multitude of
strangers in the city. The renowned Dam
char”—Cathedral choir—aang.this evening at 4.
At 3 o'clock the vast edifice" was crowded, and
people were turning from tHe doors in hun
dreds. This choir is justly celebrated. It is,
without doubt, the best in existence, without
even excepting that of St. Peter’s, at Rome.
But ho is not here as Minister of Finances.’
“1 am aware of the fact; he could, however,
AKIIEST OF COUATEBFEITERS.
t Fifty-third street, nvar Eighth avenue, was for
er *Jf .in the Treasury Department. JIo says,
p ow ®Ter, that his occupation of late years has
bC S£- patof “Trias® painter.
The* most important discovery and seizure
here was a quantity of fibre paper,” such as is
used by the Government .for Treasury :notcs, a
i HH ft tttiiy °f ofdpapcVj and.“mash” or.“pulp,”
These, as if was afterward found,
fc f. the of this verv
D f®*. o: which the government believed iu
!SjL5- ,a Bole possession. But Bollard, it
000 only one outside who
»m-n? secret of its manufacture. Without
a!foeto° WM not 80 VCr^
The next arrest made was that of Llewellyn
_„yi am3 h o was captured last evening at bis
o- 438 Wen Fifty-tourth street, on
n n f S atloa glve Qb 7 toeothef two prisoners.
n his premjscs the officers found’a nill set of
om “Seaton head,” and from sio^
5* u* w orth of the bogus scrip, all over
the-house? and on William/ ‘pertom Many
TuSoS! 5 were d m P> M if lately executed,
inis man was a printer, ondin his establishment
were found presses, inks, colors, and all the ap
purtenances of liis part of the business. Vu
Joshua Miner was taken beforn United States
Gommisaioner Davenport, yesterday, who came
up to the Secret Service office for the purpose:
me prisoner waived an examination, and was
Uudlow Jail in default of
JJOjWO. Ballard was likewise seat.there. Wil
liams, who is at headquarters, will b® brought
oeiore the. Commissioner to-day. Miner is an i
55* nJ?* 9 bet,freea and; 50 years
old; Ballard, aged 30, also an Englishman, was, j
it Is said, discharged from the Government em
pi!!y .t 0n BX “P ic i°n of dishonest or fraudulent
practices. Williams, aged 38, is a Welshman.
ust or THE SEIZURES.
rtcwr United States Issue—One SII,OOO plate
in an unfinished state; one S2O greenback, fully
hnished back and front; one $lO national bank,
(Poughkecpjid -Bank), on steel; one national
batik not an.shcd, tbo back, only being en
graved; one $2 national bank, on steeL fully
completed; one full set, “Lincoln head," fiftv
on steel, fully completed; one full
ff>, ptantoo head," completed, fifty cent, on
steel, lor seven impressions; one full set, **Stan
tonhead. on steel, lor ten impressions; one
full set, Stanton head,” on copper, for fire Im
pression*; ton transfer rolls (hardened steel),
for reproducing duplicates of all the above ex
cept the SI,OOO plate; ten full sets, original bell
pieces (hardened steel), for making the transfer
rolls; one transfer press, costing $1,700, of a
kind rarely found omsido of the Treasury
iiepartment or bank note companies: one
transfer press, smaller pattern, cost
tog §1*200; two large printing.- presses
tor n in E counterfeit money; two
smaller, for same purposes; a largo quantity of
type for altering bank bills to other banks; two
lull sots of engraver's tools, ink rollers, ink and
cloths; a full sot of Treasury seals for stamping
the red seal impressions on the notes $45,000
m counterfeit $2, $lO. S2O and SIOO notes; about
I uo_ pounds of the celebrated “fibre’* paper and the
enure apparatus required to prepare and make
the same nn excellent set of “Lincoln bead”
plates, besides those mentioned above.
As will be observed, the names of the officers
have not been given, for very good reasons.
Their wort, which has been well done so far, re
sulting in the canlure of $60,000 worth of bogus
money, the material for its manufacture, and, it
is hoped, bos uprooted, and destroyed the most
troublesome aud skillful nest of counterfeiters in
tbo country.
TUK LATE EMPI3E,
»ale of the Euprew Eugenie's Personal
Effect*.
’arts (Oclobar 7) of the London Dally
in passing by tbe new galleries of the Louvre
mcmg the quay, I heard the tinkle of a bell, and
the voice of a crier inviting the public to come
m and buy what remained to be sold of the Em
press Eugenie’s personal effects. Accepting the
invitation, I entered the little court, standing
in the midst of the'lmperial stables. Another
bell-ringer was at the door of the manege
where M. Buchon used to give the
Prince Imperial riding lessons. It is a
long-vaulted chamber, with a sanded
floor. Its even temperature was the
reason why It was chosen for the equestrian
practice of the boy whom prefets were bound to
designate at public banquets “the hope of
France.” Though all the steeds have long
since disappeared from the Louvre stables a
faint smell of horse-litter floated through the
air. The manege was last used by Jules Ferry
and Rochefort, who were accustomed to take
riding lessons in it during the scige. But oa
the occasion to which I tnow particularly re'er
it was occupied by old clothes sellers of both
sexes, curiosity dealers, a few friends of the fall
en donasiy whoso fibres I had often seen group
ed around the throne of the Salle des
Etats, some dirty students, a re
porter of the Gaulois, attracted, like
myself, by the noise of the bell: and a
sprinkling of those antiquated gentlemen in
white gaiters who pass their lives in hovering
about the book-stands on the parapet of the
Quay Voltaire, and crossing and rccrossing the
Pont dcs Arts. The auctioneer was a self-suffi
cient sort of coramon-placc bourgeois. He did
his best to be jocular ai the expense of fallen
greatness. In liquidating the Imperial effects
he was assisted by an old clerk, two men wear
ing threadbare Imperial liveries, and a strong
voiced valuer, who, contrary to the traditions of
Paris auctioneers, puffed the wares he wanted to
vend. To some he attempted to give a histori
cal value. Each article bo seemed to think i
was worth its weight in gold, if only as a relic
The dresses, laces, shawls, and mantles had
been disposed of on a previous dav; and it
was now the turn of the underclothing and
“intimate house linen” to be liquidated. PiU i
low-cases of fine cambric—-so fine that one 1
wonders bow they supported the elaborate em
broideries and deep real lace borders—were i
hotly contested by a petite dame,” a shabby
Jew of the Rue dcs Victoires, aud parly of buy
ers belonging, I should say, to the Ouartier i
Breda. The little lady carried off a* dozen.
U “poses"', one, she cried, titleriogas she spoke,*
to press the pillow on which an imperial head
reposed. The cypher E happened to stand for
her name, 'which she volunteered to tell one of
the old friends of the fallen dynasty w«s
Eulalie. As for tbe crown under iq ma foi
she was just as worthy to wear it as any one
else. The old friend was not loth to
cultivate the acquaintance of tho spark
ing fair one. He assented to”
his-proposition, and; volunteered to hold a pil
ow-caso which the auctioneer had allowed her
o lake. Tho towelling was endless. Bundle
after bundle of fine Saxony damask napkins all
with the E. the crown, the eagle, the busy Car
lovingian bee, and a profusion of laurel wreaths
were handed round .the vaulted room to be ex
amined by bidders and then disposed of. Some
breakfast table napery. the present of a King
now Emperor William's first feudatory was
bought by one of the former habitues of the
Salle dcs Elals, He got it cheap. One of the
old gentlemen, who happened to be
deaf, was furious when he found that
he might have had the lot at 130 francs. Ido
not know why the brokers and students
were so jocose when an inside garment was held
up by two dainty little sleeves and the public
asked to examine it as a fair specimen of the
large bale from which it was drawn at hazard
American modesty cannot bring itself to name
this garment any more than it can to speak of
a shirt. If Paul de Cassagnac were as good
as bis oft-repented oath, he-would have run his
sword-cano through tbe profane
showman who held the article in question up to
be scoffed at by the males and admired by the
women. French bands turn out underclothing
ip a way none other can. Give a Rue dc la Pair
lingcrc fine Irish huen, V alcncienncs lace and
a Lorraine’ embroiderer to execute her idea*
and she will get up a trousseau so natty Metre
iiod diuaty that a Hottentot Venus would
tempted to exchange her bracelets nnd'colored
carters for it In France, where, the bnmn of
"eneraUon la depressedand modesty a weak rir
tnc, they do not mind setting up ti public
Uon body linen. A Baron whom /know ents
salt fish on fridnys, and almost a charMtcr
piety and respectability of behaTior: ret I saw
him preside in his chateau at the sale of bis ilk
fuuct mother s nudcrciotUing, n d smile at the
coarse remarks of peasants who were disputing
for her night dresses. -None of bis aristocrat/
ncignbors thought the worse of him. I confer
thaU felt shocked at what seamed to
of filial respect. But nobody could understand
why body linen should not be put U p to ane
uon with other assets, and when the articles
were held up to view, how conld one einect
thar country louts would not make merry in
their rough way about them I mate this di"
gression to gnanl against English persons sym
pathising wuh tho imperial exiles from feeling
angry with M, Thiers for what may seem to
them a profane notion. W hen M, Thiere dies
hts shirts and hosiery will be disposed of by ane
ttou Without any ceremony by his neatest of
ktn. There were peignoir? ana dressing gowns,
clearly furnished by Uhanon, the famous UdS
outfitter in the Kite de la Pair, and all won
derfully elegant, but dusty and somewhat
blue-moulded. V 1 takings of thread, silk
and Shetland wool were of gossamer lightness.
A?, of bath and toilet sponges were
knocked down at a hundred francs. Thev were
all of the best quality. The little lodr said she
would hare been the purchaser if the auctioneer
had guaranteed that be was selling her some-!
thing which had actually passed through the I
Empress’ hands. As for the boots ami slippers, I
they justified the eologiums passed by Mm. 1
Franc aud Lockrey in their report oa Parisian I
ben were, the Ud£
vs
Shook her hLs A purchaser near me
inooK tter bead incredulonjljrat UthM belong-
of Imperial infancy. They were sumptu
ously got up, she admitted, hut nothing would
convince her that they did not belong to some
distressed bourgeois© layette, and were not
palmed off by..the i auctioneer to enhance their
price, as having, been worn by the Prince, at
whose birth, seventeen years ago, official France
’J’®?*jnto the most excessive demonstrations of
that oyer hailed the advent of a roval
child on'our- planet.
INSURANCE.
HOKE
DfHHUNCB COHPAAT, or Sew foil.
ORGANIZED 1&3.
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
ORGANIZED IKS.
CITIZENS’
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
ORGANIZED WSG.
Chleaco loMtt paid by Sl C ht Draft* on
Xork m fast h proper acttiutneat*
oro
Tho above old, aeil-known and ralUblo Companies,
prored hr flra, continue to Indemnify the people.
Fotlclea leaned hr their West Side Offioe, 30 iftdS'J
Blair* Co.; Soutlj Side Office,
449 Wabuh ar., over tint National Bank,
SPECIAL notice.
The patrons of this Aceney con have alt neoeesary as
listAQM aad advice as to making “PROOFS OF
LOSS” upon application at the Canal at. Office, where
offleera of the Compantea and an able corps of *d9oit«n
are settling all clalaa.
LIVERPOOL
LONDON
GLOBE
Insurance Company.
This Company pays its Loss
es in full, without deduction
for interest, as soon as proofs
of loss are completed.
Office Jo. 5 West Madison-sL
WM. WARREN,
GENERAL AGENT.
HARTFORD
fire insurance com%
HARTFORD. CONN.
CHARTER*:!). JSto.
MJBPI.CS BEFORE TIIE CHICAGO JIBE
$1,800,000.00.
Pays all Chicago lessen, tea ring
Capital of
$1,000,000.00
Untouched, and Surplus of $300,-
000 to $500,000 besides.
P. BISSELL, Gen’l Ag’t,
Cor. Washington and Gretu-sts.
UOCAI, OFFICES,
68 Canal-st. and 379 Wabash.ar.
PHENIX
Insurance Company
Of Brooklyn, N.T.
Cash Assets, Oct. 1, $1,858,755.45
net assets after payment
of Chicago losses, 1,500,000.00
The Phenix were the first to pay
a loss after the great fire, and the
Adjusters of the Company are
now engaged in paying all of its
losses ss fast as possible. Policies
issued on all classes of hazards at
fair rates.
R. S. CRITCHELL,
Special Agent ibr (be XorUawcctern States.
Office 30 West Madison-st.
Branch Office, 356 WabasU-uv
NOTICES.
ALL PARTIES HATING CLAIMS AGAINST THE
Commercial Insurance Company
mak# lLeir proof*, and present them at
1516 West Washington at. A statement of «ff«in will
oe mada a* *ooc m possible. By order of
BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
HIBERNIA
Fire Insurance Gomp’y,
m 3JJi AdjßßUnc Office of tho above CompanF li re
-127 West AVasliiiifiton-st,
0 1 £f ld, c PoNcleo in tho above Company will
pleaee call at the above iiaaeil place.
October a. ia~l. THUMA3 LAVAS. Adjniter.
Lycoming Fire Insurance Co.
wff{asss.vi£f; sas: a Mvsra
C m a -rnerSte
A
Capital and Assets, $6,500,000
Chicago Losses, 450,000
TBEADWAT A JEWELL, Agent*
Pacific Insurance Co. of San
Francisco.
CASH CAPITAL, tl.nov.ODO GOLD. Risks taken at*
Lot*e* promptly .diuited and paid.
WMtern Branch Office. 472 Wabash ait-mie.
A Ralston, General Agents. Miller A Draw
<7l Wnbarb-av., Local Agent* for Chicago. Ura r#
FIRE LOSSES PROMPTLY IDCUSTED
•imt "lof. br *t 75 C.naJ
frank p. fisher,
Notary Public and Adjniter.
Occidental Firo Insurance Co, j
,P T J$? n *rtit l«eo. Cal,
A. C. QBEKNEBAL’M. *B»nt
t» r B»D(lelphic.. upitilrt
cUl *«atn*t the Occidental will
plaa*« pment them a* aopp u poMible. w,u
Commercial mutual
INBCBANCS COMPaNT. CLEYSLAND, OHIO.
Partiesi having claim* for loose* «it.
s**ll“
Office boon, 9 a.m. to 9 n. m. Owerai Ajeat.
Uuimi Mutual
UFS msTOAKOB COMPANY, OP BOSTON.
£;&».«mru
National Loan anil Trust Company,
Permanently located at
107 RANDOLPH SX.
CUaymarket Square.)
Bank of Discount an Deposit.
Wedrawin large or small sums
on the United States Government
Bankers, London. Exchange on all
parts bought and sold. Our pop
ular Savings Department has no
troublesome rules. Drafts on the
Old Country to ourown customers
at cost.
Office Honrs: From9a, m. tosp,m.
W.H.PAEK,
Oaskior.
SWo aler cli«nt3 should sustsiu this, the
Brat bank to open among them.
THE MERCHANTS’
National Bank
Will open a Branca Office, No
vember Ist, at
30 32 South Canal-st.,
Forthe accommodation of West
Side customers and the public.
0. B. BLAIE, President.
H. 0. 'WILSOIT. Cashier.
ARTHUR 0. DUCAT.
SAVINGS, BANK.
THE
Union Insurance anil Trnst Company
Located at 37 TTcit XodJaou-st.,
Under the Shermio Hoove,
Are Paying their Depo bjojib
m FULL.
Liberal advances made on
commercial accounts.
S. W, BAWSCI’, Pre«. J. If. PE\BSON. V. Pres
~W. B. IIOSWELL, Cash’r.
t V .’^^A^^TEß, l T V/W. RAWSON,
i A y E n.^,^l l P,*sr, JOHN BUEHLKB,
E. F, 1 ULSIt ER. J. W. PEARSON.
_ JA&IR3 LONGLKY.
T XX E
FI national Bant
Will build immediately on
the northwest corner of Mad
.ison-st. and Pifth-av., and
expect to occupy their new
huil'vding hy December 1,1871.
0. B. SAWYER, Pres.
K. LUDINQTON, Vice Pies,
ISAAC G. LOMBAED, Cash.
Chicago. Oct. 1871.
TUB
German National Bank.
Capital, $500,000,
-A-XjSO, the
German Savings Bank.
Capital, $200,000.
VFUb FIRE-PROOF VAULTS, aro located with ns lo
the LIT go and spacious offices
iVo. 1C Cnual-st.,'
Between Randolph and Lake eta., AS FULLY PRC*
PARED to serve the public as before the Are.
Di-nfL and Letter* of Credit on Europe.
BRANCL I OFFICE, (KI3 Wabash av., has been Id op*
eratlon slot October is.
ft ENRY GKEENEBAUM A CO., Bankers.
THE
Commercial National
BAM OF CHICAGO,
Temporarily located at X 3 W» 'bash-ar., announces to
its patrons that fir thu bett<*.“ accommodation of Its
customers In alt portions of tbs cltr.lt will within a
few days complete tho erection of a office on the site of
the CROSBY OPKKA HOUSK. on Washlngton-st., be
tween State and Dearborn»sts., to >n*hieb it will at once
remove. It is believed that the caui'cal location will be
alike convenient for dealers in the W« Vt, the South, and
tbo North Divisions of the cite.
li. r. EAJIES. Prealdttit.
W3l. 11. FERRY. Vice president.
M. D. BUCHANAN. Calbler,
GEO. L. OTIS. Assistant-cashier.
BANK NOTICiG.
Union National Bank,
043 WABASH-AV..
October 26. JBTI.
Far the accommodation of our West Sld»r en<tnm.on
era end the public we have opened a Branch Office of
this Bank in the “Star and Crescent 31111*,“ at the
west end of Randolph st. bridge,which we shall con
tioue until osr new Bank Bnlldlng. on Market and
Sladlson sta.. is ready for ns. which we hopewiU bo in
thirty days. The usual facilities and accommodations
extended to oar customers. Competent employes,
assisted by a portion of onr Directors, will be in at
tendance during the usual hours at the Branch Office.
W. P. COOLBAUGH, President.
C. T. WHEELER. Vico Pres’t.
C. J. CONNELL. Cashier.
LENT, PRESTON KEAN.
BANKERS,
Masonic Building',
Cor. Halstcd and Randolph-sts.
We receive accounts of bank* and bankffs, toeroJiant*.
corporations and individuals; discount coane-Vnl pa
f»r.. mate collections. at-d transact regular
»*me i* before tb.» Are. Also bay and sail int
ernment securities, sold and f-reign txchansn id
vancesmadeon govarnmes-t. and sold ala low ritsnf
,lmon»t. All our book.. ..curitii. .“jir™
saved from the fire, and onr losses all told will not
amount to more than nne-batf of tills year’s earnings
V® r rote, r J h e(>rtJ Uro-proof mult and
proof safe. Office hour# 9a.m,to 4p. m. r
LAZiRBS SILVEIIJM 4 CO,
BANKERS,
562 "Wabashr-av.,
.’ontmua their business as usual. AH da
osits payable on demand,
LAZ. SXLV AiithTAH 00.
City National Bank,
HEW VAULT AND BUIIGLAG-PBOOF SAFE,
Corner Washington and Clinton-sts.
Fourth National Bank,
<75 WABASU-AV.
VT<»t Sid* Branch Northwest Comer of Canal and
Wubington»Bt«.
TlePrairieStateLoanani Trust Co.,
95 W. Kandolpli-st, cor. Jefferson.
®as3^^afesass=K
C. B. lIEYKK. C»«h" bco> ILLE PreaJdeQ l-
The Prairie State Loan and (Trust
COMPANY,
05 West Randolph, corner Jcf£:rson>tt.
~**l?* sw Institution. and baring Its seenri.
e 00 be c t Sid did not sufferbytb^flro*
d r t°?. ,ne,t M n,n, i »t the old itand.Ac’
m »°nr.ctnnr», and bnslneumea
O. B. METER. CuuA?' SCOTrII s rreeldant.
TOT Sins JU3TK.
Tbd Prairie State Loan and Trait Company ru
nnhnrt hr the Ate, and la note dolne bnainan aa nau
at thaoid stand corner Bandelph and JeCeraon streets
0, METER. C^"’-
NUMBER 86.
BANKING.
6EOEGE SMITH,
President.
MBOEIJAWEOITg.
Western Onion-
TELESRAPH COMPANY.
This Company baa eslabUnl:?
two main offices fortbe conve
nience of the public. For llif
West Side, on the northwest cor
ner of Canal and AVjisliiu (£(oi*
sis.; for the Sonth Side,
554 Wabash-ay., just north <>t
TwellUi-st.
Both ofSflhese officesare connected with all o-
Company's wires leading from the city, and am prrpnr
to transmit messages direct to all points. Branch ailK.-f
are already established at Barliogtun Warchouv, cr>
ner State and Sixteenth sts,, Sonth Side; Sh, rm i
House and Board of Trade Rooms, on West Side, v
at all the railroad depots. Other branch offleos w:i*
eoon be opened, notice of which will be siren.
The Metropolitan City Telegraph Company, aclhu i
connection with the Western Union, has offices at
following points; Douglas House. Cottage Grow; Dm-?
Park Store, 109 Twenty-eccond st., oearMichigim »v
Goss A Phillips, corner Clark and Twelfth sts.; I\>1;
drag store, 1 ZOO State st., between Thirtieth an i
Thirty-first its.; Mensden Co.*», corner Twenty-ecc
•ad Flak sts.; Blake A Whltehonse, Eighteen::,
Bridge, Emerson’s bookstore. 533 West Madison si
Haskell A Dudley’s drag store, 627 West Lake si,; 11. i.
oah A lymaa’a mill, Ogden Slip. Canal Locks. Bn Jo
pon.
Messages left at any of the above offices will
promptly transmitted.
WESTERN DN’iON TELEOEAPU CO.
Convict Labor to Let.
Th* undersigned, Commissioners of the Illinois .Stall
Penitentiary, hereby offer the labor of from fifty
oa« hnndrod (100) convict*. and solicit bid* h»r tint
same. These men bare been variously
wagonmaking. acksmitblng, machine, and fcundr#
work.
Contract* are to rcomroeoce afler t'i*i b'.U ateac*
cepted.and to continue foraterm of years, nsagreo v
open, not to exceed eight years; each bid to beat
companiedbya good and snlSdeot bond In the P v ti*a
■om of fire thousand dollar*, with soreliee. to b.«
approved by one of the Commissioners or the Warden.
Tho Ccmmlulonen reserve the right to reject »ay u
which In their judgment la not in th* iotsrest of tb
State.
lor particulars wo refer to oor circulars, which can
bo had on application to Rlmsr Washburn. Warden o.
tho Penitentiary. whom all bids are to b« sent, an I
who will answer any Inquiries addressed to him.
The bids will be opened at 1 o’clock p. n. on tii
JUt day of November, 157t, in the omonoeof sncit
bidden as may choose to attend.
JOHN BEID.
CASPAR BUTZ,
BICHABD KOWETT.
Commissioners.
Joliet. 111.. Oct. m. mi.
Anchor Line.
NO INTERRUPTION TO BUSINESS.
Steam every Wednesday and
Saturday and extra steamers when
necessary, between
HEW TORE, LONDONDERRY.
GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL,
LONDON. HAMBDEG,
BREMEN, 60TTENBERG,
CHRISTIANA, &c., Ac.
Lowest fares, an J splendid accom‘'*o-t.ifloa« rvi..n
audjitato rooms secaioot* ijJS
SnJh d i 2M n V om ,««ad »0E Circular. f
XV Cw>*r»l rofflce. 7» Twentr-thlrJ «r
West Side Branch Uffice.43 yonth Cana! at tDlnI 9C
BROTHERS.
Chicago. HI.
For Sale.
20,000
DASIAGED
WATCHES
STARE ALLEN,
363 W abasli-av.
Railway Supplies.
NOTICE.
CRERAR, ADAMS CO.,
llave removed to their Dew warehouse,
Michigan-, it., foot of Adams-st,
To the Sufferers by the Late Fire
THE WEED
Sewing machine Company
WSSrIf 1 to fbrnl.li to all p.,„i„ bin.,
“■chines on lease, who lost them hr iho nr.
p s”,o—
--s« iv.« sssrs aSs
drcea. Agents wanted ever* county 1
«o^tuo
FIEE-PROOF BUILDINGS
A SPECIALTY.
EDIT'D. H. KKXDALI, F. A. I, A,, Architect.
EQUITABLE BUILDING,KTW YOEi,
Would rc.pKtmilr lovlla then coalampUUni ths
tioo of backlog bolMlot., In.oranc.onfco.3lo™??
;;"r.;!r, Bn,rjr
Mr. KKNDALL refer. to tb. bnlldlnkof lb. Tanlt.i.b.
U s. AM .t r *l e 3ocl.tr; to tbo (brain si.lnS£
3 No 300 uich^'-: A »“S s £otS I s i
Notice to Shipoers.
On and a Oar Wednesday. Oct. 23, rates to all points
East of Pittsburgh. also to Buffalo, Suspension ondgo,
and Toronto, and points East will be advanced as U*
«o o u°r.
0. F. A. P. Ft. W.AO.'K- Uf'Wl-;..
THOMAS noufe. U
G. P. A. Mich. Ont. B. B
DBAS. 11. CRAY.
Asst.G. F. A- L- 8. M. 3. Kf.
The Friends and Patrons o Z
Mich Steamers.
S.ilr for Ullmnbte and We.t Shorn
Ports, 9 a.m.
For Grand Haven and Muskegon. T-i,
Weekly, 7 p. m.
For St. Joseph, Tri-Weekly, n p m
For Green Bay, Menominee, 4te., T p. m,
Xotlce to Blowers and Saloon
Keepers.
TheSaade Ale Urewluc Company hare «oIJ all of their
l U s* rter J^ ie,f k* Bl »V‘d »1» packnrei to Downer, Demis
•KCo. They are authorized to collect and receive the
aame wherever found, and all penons bavin* any In
their pouaaaloa will ploaae deliver to their order. For
s, '■OS iLEJJttVtISG CO., by F. A.
SocTetatT CJ *te»*o. Oct.M, >B7l.
a. n. stiihl^ 8
a. B. SEXNT.
Formerly Kenoy Williams.
Important Notice.
The Honorable Hoard of Uoalta C&1 np a I!
dtainfree and purlf, tbolr premia™. Ca. a w
inr«=t.„t. Bromo-Chlotalnm. for pnrilrind -.S'* T
ter cloeele. catch buina.Sotc. Th, Hmmo-chto.
Inm la non-polannona and inodorona; I.
Prepared: by Tlfctigy >ca l “i. tbo land,
non. New TorkTßnd for iSrt£ he 3 M***
ntitl dra;{iiti, tT *u wholesale and
A GREAT BARGAIN.
TO MASUTACTURIEG CAPiraIBSTS:
f,u PP°*®d to
a^isss'jssssi&S^srjsssK
lag, nnen the «st eide of thl a-Ur-in
txpense ia keeping la repair thl I *?s‘ u WAtcr inv or
e»n be mad* with trlflmz S* "ff* "ad Annies
down. balance la ODe wd lwo on® third
tlculars, eail.on or Mdma Tsar 1
IIQrW.n. UAItiIAX. ~-1 Serbia..,
£*r' d m f S
t-l.ir and Snrth Wale? Jta. r eor nr St.
October 28. IS7U THE FESHTIGO CO.
One A. B. Taylor S-Eovolntion Press.
41533, In flrat-claaa order; price 5 7,«»“
berry Prcaa, in good order r price |iOQ: a n».
mUla for int or paint, cheap for caah.
ALEXANDER COWELL. 15 Sprnce at. N.
No Fire
i"c b?Sit. l Dock..
and out end of Randolph it brld^^i 004 Bt *?*d<«*
Orders from city or coantry purch d
STAMPS.
mirkaE a ilis °i aaa ***"'Vrtp*nd to supply the
rbH l®ciors, Ac., at moderate nix, wholesale
and retail. JOHN GARRETT k CO.,
801 Broadway, N, X.
Brides For Sale.
CHAS. W. SAHUEB A CO.,
IMS Itala st, Franktord.
KribdNffitt P
Address