A HOME_JOURNAL.
'UTBSCBIPTIOIf BATES.
Three Months 56
Six i.oo
One Year. 2.00
Nopxperwillbesent from this office unless paid
for.
POSTAGE.—Papers seat Free to any part of Fair
field County to any other address, 20 Cents per an
num, payable at the Office where received.
HOME NEWS AND GOSSIP
Wednesday, December 27,1871.
—Best steak has come down to 18 cents a
pound.
—The Grand Army elect officers on Thurs
day night, the 28th.
—The winter term of the schools com
mences on Tuesday, Jan. 2d.
—The State Reform School contains 309
boys, or more than ever before.
—The law exempts quail and partridges
from the ferocity of hunters, on January
Ist.
—A desirable offer in sleighs is made by
Mr. Allen McDonald in our advertising col
umns.
—The subject of Miss Anna Dickinson’s
lecture on the 29th is “Demagogues and
Workingmen.”
—The wife of J. D. Montrose in Brook
field, has eloped, and he advertises that he
will hereafter pay no debts of her contract
ing.
—Joel Munger was brought up before
Justice Comstock this morning on a charge
of assault, and was fined $5 and costs, which
he pays.
—By standing in front of a house which
is being erected, as the clock strikes twelve,
you will get some idea of the earnestness
with which our people regard the ate hour
movement.
-—There will be no lack of ice next sum
mer. The ponds are already sufficiently
frozen for cutting. The ice will be not only
thick, but pure, and free to a great extent ®f
the sponge crust so noticeable in last win
ter’s supply.
—The front window of the Danbury Nat
ional Bank, consisting of the ordinary show
window glass, is to be replaced this after
noon with a single French plate, which w ill
be a pleasant addition to an already pretty
building.
—An Irish friend who read in Thrsday’s
News that the weather had postponed the
work on the new sewing machine building,
suggests that Bailey’s circus tent be pitched
over the structure, and heated with stoves.
An excellent idea.
—Here is a chance for some smart farmer
to exert himself. Thursday four March
pigs belonging to Benj. Lynes were slaught
ered, whose united weight when dressed was
1,482 pounds. They weighed separately as
follows: 880, 376, 364, 362 pounds.
—Loud complaint is mnde of the annoy
ance arising from the tramping of boys and
unthinking men on the Opera House stairs
during the temperance and religious services
there. It is an evil that admits of no rem
edy other than the action of those guilty of
it.
—An extravagant woman in a neighbor
ing town was so much affected by a scath
ing pulpit discourse against her weakness
that she at once resolved to diminish the
burden of her husband, and now sends her
children to bed an hour earlier than usual
thus saving the wear on the chairs.
—The sad intelligence w r as received here
Thursday, of the death of the Rev. Chas.
Husband, Rector of* St. Andrews Church,
Marbledale, Conn. He died in Newtown,
on Wednesday, the 20th, and was buried
from Trinity Church there, on Saturday, the
28rd, at 2 o'clock P. M.
—Mrs. E. Amsbury, telegraph operator,
fell on the pavement while passing out of
the Wooster House, Friday, and re
ceived several severe contusions. A lady
fell down the depot stairs Thursday after
noon, but beyond wrenching one of her
limbs was not seriously injured.
—Tickets for the raffle to come off in
Bridgeport, are now on sale at the Wooster
House and Turner House. The horse was
formerly owned by Mr. A. P. Sturges, of
Danbury. It is valued at $450 (not S3OO as
stated yesterday), and 150 tickets, at $3.00
each are issued. The raffle takes place at
the City Hotel, at 9 p. m., January 10th.
—The coming year is leap year, so called
from the proverbial inclination of ladies to
jump at good offers (that will be made by
themselves). Single gentlemen of prepos
sessing appearance are observed to pine
away, and single ladies of ditto appearance
are noticed to spruce up. It is approaching
a state of being wooed.
—lndications in the hatting trade, unless
they are unfavorable, are but little heeded
by our community. We take the work as it
is received, and if told that it is to be won
^rtuiiy increased, we mournfully murmur,
“so is your grandmother,” but the least hint
of a lull is sufficiently explicit for our lively
faith. The present indications are favora
ul« t o good trifle in January, and the indi
cation»
-Unusually strong.
annual meeting of the Fairfield
County Agricultural Society, held in Nor
walk Wednesday, Dudley P. Ely of South
Norwalk was chosen President; Charles E.
Plumb of|Bridgeport, Secretary; William D.
Gregory of Wilton, Assistant Secretafy Jos
eph W. Hubbell of Norwalk, Treasurer
Birdsey B. Plumb of Trumbull, Member of
the State Board of Agriculture and E. F.
Poster of Redding, Marshall. The meeting
was qnite fully attended. It was voted to
hold the^next fair on the 10th, 11th, 12th
and 13th of September next, which is ^^jer
in the season than it has yet been held.
—The funeral of William H. Bell took
place from the Baptist church Friday.—
The building was crowded with sympathising
friends. The pastor, Rev. Mr. Hubbard,
preached an impressive discourse from the
text, “Wherewithal! shall a young man
cleanse his way, by taking heed thereto ac
cording to thy word/’ CXIX Psalm, 9th
verse. Upon the close of the service the
remains were conveyed to the Wooster
cemetery, escorted by the Temple of Honor,
and followed by a large number of friends,
including members of the Beaver Brook
Sabbath school. At the grave the burial
fcservice of the Temple of Honor was read,
and then all that is mortal of one of the
"noblest of men was consigned to the tomb.
I —William Bell, whose illness we recently
noticed, died at the house of his father, Jo
seph Bell, on Wednesday. The decease
of this young man will bring pain to many
hearts. Mr. Bell was one of the most ami
able of persons, upright in all his dealings,
I honorable and generous in impulses, and ".n
E jear.ncst, cheerful laborer. He was a mem
ber of theft! Baptist Church, in which cir
cle he worked Xajtlifully and constantly.
For several seasons fie fess been connect*
with the Beaver Brook Mission Sabba.’.'
School, attending its sessions in all weathi r
and contributing largely to its success, Ls
Ahe Sabbath School field he will be especially
oSaMed. A like this a community cae
■■K sustain, its ojily .consolation being the
that the example made conspicuous by
death may be emulated by those who sur
—The market is full of superior looking
poultry.
—We understand that the laborers on the
Shepaug road are on another strike.
—The Western pioneers plant horse chest
nut trees which produce neigh buns.
—The next Sunday evening service at the
Opera House, will be held Dec. 31st.
—ln many of the homes of the wretched
poor this night there is no thermometer.
—The Superior Court adjourned in Bridge
port Friday to Tuesday, January 2nd.
—The First Congregational, Disciples and
Baptist societies have their festivals to
night.
—Tim Keeler has been appointed conduc
tor on the Shepaug road. The right man
in the right place.
—Despite the storm on Saturday a large
number of visitors arrived in the evening to
spend Christmas.
—The name of the manager of the State
Reform School is appropriately Hatch. It
needs a man who is eggs acting.
—Holiday trade holds good all this week.
Our dealers still have a large stock on hand
to select from for the New Year gifts.
The commissioners on the estate of
Coleman Rockwell will meet on Wednesday
instead of Tuesday as was first determined.
—A man named Lynch at work on the
Shepaug road had his leg broken by the fall
ing of a mass of earth against him, Thurs
day.
—The dignified gentlemen who compose
the board of relief have selected New Year
day for the sitting, which shows their un
selfishness.
—A clerk in one of our dry goods stores
was yesterday presented with $25 by his
employers, as an evidence on their part of
appreciation of his services.
—An anxious father asked an aged gen
tleman what was good for the croup. “I
am sure I never could guess,” said the aged
buffer with a look of earnest expectation
“what is it?”
—A pedlar put up at the Wooster House
Friday who has driven a team during six
New England winters, without wearing a
glove or mitten or any protection whatever
to his hands. Who can beat it
—H. 11. Blish, once the noted leader of
Wheeler Wilson’s Band, is dead. Mr. B.
was well known in this community, and
made friends wherever he went. For a time
he instructed the Newtown Band.
A very intelligent student of human
nature is a son of an Elm Street man.—
Somebody told him if he didn’t stop shout
ing in the street he would get a pint of shot
in some of his legs, and he stopped at once.
—The house of “Bony” Thomas, our
well-known coal pedlar, caught fire Mon
day, but the flames were extinguished in
time to save the building, but not the lives
of two cats which were smothered to death.
—At the borough meeting Wednesday
Mr. Charles F. Starr was re-elected a Water
Commissioner for a term of three years, and
Mr. Jabez Amsbury was re-elected Treasurer
of the Water Fund. Both excellent selec
tions.
—Au inebriated individual drove bis horse
on the Main street sidewalk Saturday,
but finding it offended people he went into
the street, where he sought to palliate the
offence by making the animal stand on its
hind legs.
—A mau who slipped in front of the
depot Saturday and sat down so heavily
as to start his scalp, explained on rising that
he could fall harder than that if he had a
mind to. But as his breath smelled strong
ly of liquor, nobody placed any credence in
the assertion.
—The services were peculiarly approp
riate at St. Peter’s church on Christmas,
Rev. Father Sheridan officiating. The
building was finely decorated with green
twigs and boughs, and the music was im
pressively beautiful.
--Tlie locust trees in the Wooster Ceme
tery are being cut out. Being rapid growers
with luxuriant foliage they were extensively
used in laying out the grounds, but there is
now an abundance of shade and color with
out them, and as they at times .contrast un
favorably, they are.being taken out.
—The editorial labors were lightened by a
suitable and valuable gift from Clark
Hampton, the Opera House jewelers, which
happy event occurred on Christmas. It is a
large, handsome gold pen from the best
manufacturer, as, by the way, all their
goods are. The man who remembers the
printer is peculiarly blest.
—This is not by any means pleasant weath
er. The air is chilly and damp, far mor
injurious to the general health than a sting
ing cold day. It is a day when people are
apt to be caught out without proper winter
clothing on, and consequently sensations
quiver along th e marrow, which are sugges
tive of a darkened room, a nurse devoted to
snuff, and mint tea on a broil. Use care in
clothing yourself, and you will avoid much
trouble. w
—A demure looking chap hailed a char
coal pedlar this morning with the query,
“Ila^fcni got charcoal in your wagon
“Ye^^K,” said the expectant driver, stop
ping horse s. “That’s right. observed
the demure chap with an approvh g nod;
“always tell the truth, and people will re
spect you?” And he hurried on much to
the regret of the pedlar who was getting
out of the wagon to look for a brick.
—One of our doctors performed a singular
operation, Wednesday afternoon. A few days,
ago a tumor appeared .on the side of a valu
able hen. At its first appearance it was not any
larger than a walnut, but grew so rapidly
that it soon acquired a size which threatened
to over top the bird itself. An operation
was decided upon, and was on that day safely
performed, th^en declining to take chloro
form, and submitting to the painful pro
ccedure with a calmness very cheering to
contemplate.
—Simon Finucane for many years a faith
ful employee of the Danbury Norwalk
railway company, has been off duty several
months ou account of illness. A few days
ago a subscription paper in his behalf was
started amgngthe railroad people, Superin
tendent Bacon leading the list, and in a short
time nearly $260 was raised. This amount
was presented to the astonished and grate
ful subject of the worthy undertaking, Mon
day, making a substantial Christmas gift,
as well as a flattering token of their regard
for him.
-—Mr. Samuel Stebbins, jr., our well
known-lumber dealer, was “surprised” by a
number of friends Saturday evening, who
presented him with a very handsome steel
engraving representing a Siberian hound in
the act of partaking of refreshments, the
refreshments being a black-and-tan terrier
which had elevated itself on its back legs
preparatory to the all erowulng sacrifice.
So faithful has the artist brought ft f M the
details of the picture that b of the
beholder invoiuntari^ fid ■sp
i dly" should 1-e maintain v.u.: r -hth*.
io a black-and-tan ter:’ I>• pi
ticii was made with spprn-o ks,
t!u-peaker v; i '’trh... tx:>r.: I i hope
'b. f vt> ch 'hr. p
--.j,y.,' 'in r aud nm. h
bett-r WorM. An -a J- v
made b. sh- oedpi-.n., and a ver.- l sium
social season wound up the affair.
—A green Christmas makes a fatchiuch
yard.
—Eureka Chapter, R. A. M., elect officers
oi Wednesday evening.
—Christmas comes on Wednesday next
year leaping ouc day with the year.
The Sons of Temperance have an oyster
sipper at their hall on Wednesday nigh*.
♦-The Beaver Brook Sabbath School has
its annual festival on Thursday evening.
—Sermons appropriate to the Christmas
time were preached m all the churches Sun
day.
—The stock-holders of the National Pah
quioque bauk elect directors on the 9th of
January.
—The State Board of Agriculture meets
in Danielsonvslle on the 9th, 10th, 11th and
12th of January.
—The South Centre District school re
sumes its session Tuesday, omitting the holi
day week vacation.
—II. L. Crofut received a telegram from
Newburgh Monday, announcing the se
rious illness of Dr. Bardin.
—Hearing a demand for material for trin
ming the church a Sunday School scholar
searched her mother’s furs for moss.
—The Baptist church in Brewster will be
dedicated on Wednesday. A clergymen
from Chicago will preach the sermon.
—The roof to the tower of the new St.
Peter’s Church was tom off by the wind
and thrown into Centre Street, Saturday
night.
—Rev. Wilder Smith, who has occupied
the pulpit of the First Church on several
occasions of late, preached in Bridgeport on
Sunday.
—The choir gallery to the Baptist Church
is draped with the emblems of mourning
out of respect to the late Wm. Bell who was
a member of the choir.
—There are more stockings hung up Tues
day than were Monday, the regular Mon
day programme being postponed one day on
account of Christmas.
—The Sunday school festival and Christ
mas tree of St. James church will be held in
the church on Holy Innocents night, Thurs
day 28 inet. at 7 p. ih.
—Eddy Maxwell’s troupe played to a
slim house at the matinee performance
Christmas day, but in the evening the house
was filled to overflowing.
—John Byers of the Danbury Norwalk
railroad has got married. So the railroad
men go. Some are run over, some are mar
ried. Thus they drop off.
—The livery keepers had a rather dubious
Christmas. All the teams were engaged at
holiday prices, but the sleighing had depart
ed, and the engagements -were broken.
—On a tombstone in a neighboring ceme
tery is the following affecting inscription
“Sacred to the memory of my dearly beloved
wife, Mary,” and just below, /‘Ditto Jane.’’
—“Merry Christmas for a penny,” was the
modest greeting on the street Monday, al
though the more forward specified five and
ten cents as a reasonable equivalent for their
friendliness.
—The violent wind, on Saturday night
swayed in the walls of the new sewing ma
chine building. But the damage was not so
serious but that it was remedied in a short
time to-day.
—Lieut. Commander Dickens returned to
Newport Tuesday. He expects to be
detached from his present duty some time
next month, when he will probably return
home on a more extended leave.
—The Housatonic railroad company have
just declared a dividend of $5 per share on
the preferred stock, payable January 2d.
This is the first 5 per cent, dividend ever de
clared by the company, which is now in a
very flourishing condition.
The first through train over the Boston,
Hartford Erie railroad arrived at Willi
mantic at about 7 o’clock Saturday evening
from Putnam. It consisted of an engine and
one freight car. The receivers are expected
over the road next Saturday.
—There is no use trying to compute the
business acuteness of some people. The
snow aud frost disappeared Sunday, and this
morning the agent for the Wethersfield gar
den seeds was in town with a supply. But
the manjis a fool who will plant his garden
now.
—Mr. I. W. Ives planted a huge Christ
mas tree at his residence Monday night, and a
party of several hundred basked in its glit
tering sunshine. The gifts which were both
trifling and costly, ‘were distributed with
a touching regard for the qualities and tastes
of the receivers.
—A New Milford party cathe into town
Friday with a number of fancy sleighs for
sale. About the same time last year there
was a similar advent of sleighs and the same
result followed. The snow immediately dis
appeared, and with it melted the bright vis
sion of a successful trade.
—There were no fewer than eleven drunken
men making their way to Bethel on the rail
road track, Christmas afternoon. The loco
motive to the 3.15 train sounded an alarm
from Bethel to Danbury, although when it
thought of the success of prohibition in the
former place, it was so full of laugh it could
hardly whistle.
—The Shepaug Valley railroad having
been accepted by the State Commissioners,
after an examination on the 22d of Dec.,
“Forefather’s day,” a certificate was given
and the trains are now running regularly
between Litchfield and Hawleyville, mak
ing connections with trains both up and
down on the Housatonic railroad.
i'he festivals in the First Congregational,
Baptist and Disciples Churches were largely
attended last evening, but we go to press too
early for a full report of the proceedings
Mr. Whittlesey, Superintendent of the First
Church School, was presented with a silver
ice pitcher.
—The most remarkable change in the
weather we ever witnessed occurred on Sat
urday. In the morning a freezing mist gave
a thick, hard crust to the snow, and helped
to strengthen the already bright promise of
sleighing on Christmas. At 10 o’clock that
nightjhe streets were perfectly free of snow.
the ice had gone. Nothing but mud
remained, and the Sabbath morning dawned
as softand bright as a May day.
—Some vicious scamp interpolated a dozen
sugar coated pills in the confectionery at a
party last night. One gentleman, an elderly
person, who had been noticeably merry
through the evening, accidentally got hold
of three of them before discovering the ap
paling nature of the trick. It destroyed all
his elasticity and broke up the party, al
though several of the neighbors promptly
volunteered the use of their fences to lean
over.
—Christmas day services were held at St.
James Episcopal Church at 10| a. m., con
sisting of morning prayers and a short ad
dress by the Rector to bis people. During
the services the choir introduced Jackson’s
Deum,” another by Birch, “Hark
Herald pgel (in connection with
;y tin: aito solo and chorus
oiy c. oiristcF,) Chapples’old
E.l. J Sp I?.--q V, .;t Ic.dly,” with
a lots-; rolo. v. loci, w.i v. rv credibly per-
I'Cim dby Mr. A’l'tie. With rare and. cul
t; 4o we y. a jy-q place
in he f >i i j ceß
ti,..-; i. 1 p e.:.' through-
out, with a go.ai p.",. ip ;ii[. ndaio'O,
DEC. 87/
Died from Injuries.
Frederick Smith, a boy aged 14 years, died
ou Saturday from injuries it is supposed,
sustained by a fall on the ice while skating a
few days before. The injuries he received
were in the head resulting in a fever which
terminated fatally Saturday afternoon.
Universalis!. Festival
At the Universalist church Christmas eve
ning the festival was combined with a con
cert the programme of which was well se
lected and rendered with spiritand precision.
Mi. Hodge, the pastor, invoked the divine
benediction, and the choir with Miss Julia
L. Hubbell at the organ, furnished the open
ing music. I lie following order of exer
cises were then carried out. Welcome, by
Gracie Hunt; Origin of Anniversary, by
Jennie Rawlins; People will talk, Gracie
Hunt; Bubbleton Papers, James Rawlins;
Mattie s’ ants, Fannie Edgett; Teaching
District School, Ina Morehouse. Presents
were then distributed to the children, and
appropriate gi^| made to Rev. Mr. Hodge
and wife, the superintendent, and'several of
the teachers.
The Methodist Festival.
The members of the infant class assem
bled in the audience room of the building
early Christmas evening, and went through
various exercises in recitations, singing,
speaking, &c. One piece was remarkably
well rendered. It was entitled “little
Lambs,” and was given by twelve little
girls. At the conclusion of these services
the infant class went down stairs to unite
with the others in the regular festival, %ut
before going Miss Emma Lyon, daughter of
the Superintendent, on behalf of others pre
sented the pastor, Mr. Hatfield, with a frame
of fifteen photographs, the same beingjnem
bers of his class other than were taken and
presented to, him a few days ago. The pas
tor returned his pleased thanks in a happy
manner. In the basement the happy faces
were made still brighter by the distribution
of presents. And here the pastor and his
lady were again remembered, by the receipt
from Mr. and Mrs. Hockheimer of a hand
somely iced and richly ornamented cake.
Connectlcat Baptist Association.
The minutes of the Connecticut Baptist
associations, conventions and education soci
ety have been printed and are being forward
ed to the different churches. The work was
complied by the Rev. J. A. Bailey, of Water
bury. From the statistical tables it appears
that there are now in the State 113 Baptist
churches 125 ordained ministers, though
only 82 pastors 17 licensed preachers and
a total membership of 19,182. The number
of Baptisms reported last year was 730.—
There are 110 Sunday schools 1785 officers
and teachers and 13,117 pupils the aver
age attendance being about one half of this
number. The total reported contributions of
the churches for objects of benevolence are
$23,819.97. For ordinary church expend-
itures, $79,397.49 for special home pur
poses, church building, etc., $81,600; mak
ing an aggregate expenditure of $195,052.-
16, being an average of $10.17 per member.
The reported contributions of the Sunday
schools are $6,071.61. This includes the ex
penditure for libraries and other home mat
ters, and a portion of the amount is included
in the reports from the churches themselves.
ChristniaM.
How gladly w’ould we dwell upon the joys
of this day, the glad tidings it celebrates, the
sacred memories with which it is fragrant,
had we the space, but in this instance we are
narrowed down to a mere reference to the
weather, and speculations upon the people
and their way of celebrating. Let us trust
our readers appreciate the sacrifice.
A very unfortunate feature of Christmas
this year was the violent slipperyness of the
pavements, and the gale of wind wet
which prevailed Saturday night. It was very
difficult to pedestrianate,and very unpleasant
to fall down, while it was sheer madness to
stand still and expostulate. You were sure to
go down more or less. Consequently the toy
stores were not crowded with expectant buy
ers, and many of the stockings were some
what lighter than they ought to have been.
The day itself (barring the mud) was love
ly. The sun was warm, the air was well,
and there was a general inclination on the
part of the people to get out doors. All day
the streets were alive with a good natured
multitude. There was but little drunkenness,
and that of a mild type. Many of the families
erected Christmas trees in the dwellings in
the evening, and there were several private
parties.
Names of perfect scholars in the Centre
District Schools.
Room No. 9—Miss A. Grover, teacher,
Master Anthony Ryan.
Room No. 11—Miss C. R. White, teacher,
Miss Annie Jones, Master Wm. A. Jones,
Master John A. Quinn.
R. W. Newman, Prin.
On tlie Death of Wm. 11. Bell.
Whereas, It has pleased an all wise Provi
dence to remove from the scene of his
earthly labor our dearly loved Brother,
Wm. H. Bell, and
Whereas, We consider the bond which uni
ted our Brother with us and which has
been so sadly riven as a peculiarly dear
and sacred one therefore
Resolved, That we bow in humble sub
mission to the will of Him who doeth all
things well, and while we cannot but deplore
the loss of the sympathy, counsel and co
operation of our Brother, whose memory is
enshrined in the hearts of so many in our
community, yet we rejoice to know that he
has fallen as a Christian warrior with his ar
mor on, having cleansed his way by taking
heed according to the word of God.
I, Resolved, That in the decease of our
Brother Washington Temple of Honor has
lost a beautiful and stable pillar, the cause
of temperance a valued support, the church
a useful member, a father and mother an
affectionate son, society a brilliant orna
ment, the community an honest and upright
citizen.
Resolved. That we extend to the sorrow
stricken family of the deceased our heart
felt sympathy consoling them with the re
flection that he has gone to meet the reward
that awaits a well spent life.
Resolved, That as a token of respect to
the memory of our departed Brother, the
Charter, &c. of our Temple be draped in
mourning, and that these Resolutions be
spread in full on our minute book and pub
lished in the Templars Magazine and in the
Danbury News and a certified coppy trans
mitted to the family of the deceased.
At a meeting of Washington Division, No.
1, Son’s of Temperance, Dec. 21, the follow
ing Resolutions were adopted
Whereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Fa
ther to remove our Brother, William H.
Bell, from us to Himself, and whereas
our loss is his gain, therefore
Resolved, That while we feel sad, we
mourn not as for one without hope, believ
ing he has gene to reap the reward of well
doing.
Resolved, That we deeply sympathize
with his parents and friends in this the day
of their sorrow, and commend them to the
care of our Heavenly Father that when life
with them shall end, they, too, may be gath
ered to that liome of eterpal blessedness
which awaits the righteous.
Resolved, That a copy of the above be
left with the family of the deceased, and one
for publication in The Danbury News.
E. Tweedy, R. 8.
Gm Explosion.
The gas from a coal stove in Lewis A.
Ward's house on Town Hill, exploded Thurs
day night.* Mrs. Ward, who was standing
near by and alone, was thrown down and
momentarily stunned. When she recovered
she found her apron and a chair cushion to
be on fire. This she extinguished. She
was somewhat burned about the face but
not seriously.
At a regular meeting of the Young Men’s
Institute Friday evening, the following officers
were chosen:
President, Alfredß. Heath.
Vice-President, E. H. Odell.
Secretary, S. Tweedy.
Treasurer, Alfred N. Wildman.
Executive Committee, F. M. Mead, W.
Leonard, Edgar Tweedy.
The meeting then adjourned to Friday
evening of this week.
At the annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Danbury Farmers and Mauufac-
Saturday, the following Directors were
turers Company, held at Borough Hall
elected, viz.
John F. Beard, B. D. Norris, Coley Bar
tram, G. E. Cowperthwaite, S. 11. Rundle,
E. S. Davis, Danbury, H. B. Platt, Ridge
field, E. F. Foster, Reading, Henry S. Peck,
Brookfield, Samuel F. Camp, Newtown,
David F. Townsend, South East.
At a subsequent meeting of the Board of
Directors, Thomas G. Wildman and John
W. Bacon were re-elected Secretary and
Treasurer.
Accident on the Derby Road.
The first serious accident that has occur
red on the Derby railroad happened on Thurs
day afternoon. An expanding rail threw
the afternoon train, consisting of three
freight and one passenger cars, from the track
at a place near Birmingham. The passenger
car was thrown down a 12 feet embankment,
and landed on its roof. Mrs. Brogart, of
New Haven, was the most seriously injured.
Two of her ribs were broken and her face
was badly cut. Mrs. B. N. Green, of New
Haven, was bruised about the head, and ren
dered insensible. Several others were slight
ly bruised. The car took fire from the over
turned stove, but the flames were at once ex
tinguished.
Boston, Hartford and Krle Road—Con
nections at 'Willimantic.
On Tuesday fifteen hundred feet of rails
were laid between Willimantic and Putnam,
on the Boston, Hartford and Erie road, and
about five hundred feet more would complete
that section of the road, and arrangements
were made to have all the iron down on
Wednesday. It is probable that trains will
be put on as far as Willimantic earlier than
April, which has been the time announced
heretofore. The importance of this road is
not altogether understood. The eastern por
tion of it is in very successful operation.
A Boston paper says “The number of
passengers carried on the Boston and Provi
dence road this year has increased 25 per
cent., there being but one road exceeding it,
the Boston, Hartford and Erie, where the m
ercase has been seventy per cent.”—Cou
rant.
The Borough Water Works.
Annual report of receipts and expenses of
Danbury Water Works for the year ending
Nov. 30, 1871.
RECEIPTS.
Cash on hand at last report, 320.24
Water rents due Dec. 1, 1870, 2,600.00
Water rents due June 1, 1870, 2,806.22
Cash from borough of Danbury, 2,500.00
$8,226.46
PAYMENTS.
Interest on Bonds, $7,440.50
Land, fencing, and work on reser-
voirs, 181.00
Repairs of pipe, *249.54
Commissions for collecting rents, 101.43
Cash on hand, Dec. 1, 1871,. 151.99
$8,226.46
JOHN W. BACON,
Water Commissioner.
Danbury, Dec. 16, 1871.
Report of Treasurer of Water Fund for
the year 1871.
Dec. 1, 1870, balance on band 320.24
Dec. 1, 1871, receipts of water
rents 5,406.22
From Borough, 2,500.00
$8,226.46
Dec. 1, 1871, Paid orders of Com-
missions during the year $8,074.47
Balance in Treasury, 151.99
$8,226.46
J. AMSBURY,
Treasurer Water Fund.
Danbury, Dec. 16, 1871.
We remember seeing, several years ago, an
attack in our then cotemporary, upon the show
liceuse system practiced by our borough offi
cials. There was no response from the offi
cials, and the matter was allowed to drop.
Since then, as well as before, we have heard
numerous complaints from show managers
of the greediness exhibited by the officials in
their demand for tickets, and the question
has been frequently asked “Are the authori
ties entitled to free tickets in addition to an
exorbitant charge for license,” or, “Are they
entitled to tickets at all.” They have not
seen fit to answer these questions, and the
public have rested in the dark about it, sim
ply suspecting what it couldn’t determine^
In the present case it is charged*thJlWir
local authorities received fifty-four admis
sions in addition to the license fee. This
charge w r as made by the manager of the
company now playing here, and published in
last evening’s News. The authorities make
the following explanations
1. They did not receive eighteen course
tickets (fifty-four admissions) but only ten.
2. They did not demand them of the
agent, but he voluntarilj' furnished them as
a matter of courtesy, customary on such oc
casions.
3. The price of the license is fixed at the
maximum $lO a night, but the charge is left
optional with the license committee. That
is, they can guage it according to the suc
cess of the troupe. In several instances we
are assured no charge whatever has been'
made. As this action is in conformity to a
borough vote, it is certainly blameless, how
ever much the wisdom of the vote may be
doubted.
4. The number of free tickets has de
pended upon the liberality of the advance
agent whose business it is to secure the li
cense and it has been left to his option no
demand having been made on the part of
the authorities.
We know that it is the custom to furnish
the local authorities with complimentary
tickets. It is a practice “as old as the hills,
and governed by the universal law of “mu
tual interests.” The only harm thought of
in this connection is that the authorities may
have used their power to extort complimen.
taries which they had no right to do, But
to all free tickets extended them in courtesy
they are honestly entitled to [From the
Daily, Dec. 20th.]
H. E. llu RD,
W. Recorder.
Some asinine Yale student set one of the
college outbuildings on Are Saturday night.
Such stupid pranks will continue probably
until the prepetrators are handed over to the
civil authorities and punished as other people
A prisoner in the St. Louis calaboose at
tempted to commit suicide, yesterday, by
putting his tproat with the ragged edge of a
tin plate, He will recqyer.
It rings like a bell. The Rockingham and
yellow baking ware from Chas. Hull
Son’s.
Young Men’s Institute.
Tlie License System.
Templat'on,
Now that the peculiar festival of the
New Year approaches we hear a deal of good
advice to youmr ladies, instructing them not
to extend to the youne men of their acquainj
tance the fatal wine glass. A great many
young people it is said can distinctly trace
their ruin to the first glass of spirituous li
quor tendered them by the fair, jewelled
hand of ^beautiful young lady. We think
this is the way .the figure is produced. The
writer was never ruined that way and cannot
therefore spCak from experience, but he pre
sumes the figure is correctly used, and that
much mischief has thus been executed. But
we have frequently wondered why another
form of temptation practiced by our young
lady of the period is not referred to, con
demned and warned against. We don’t
know how it strikes others, but we believe
it is just as wrong to present a young man
with a piece of mince pie at 10 o’clock in
the evening as it is to give a drink of wine
at any hour. Wise medical men have given
it as their opinion that there is more injury
done through indigestion than through any
other agency. The misery a piece of inju
diciously administered mince pie will entail
is far greater than a glass of wine precedes.
A disordered stomach is the greatest of all
physical evils. From it proceed all the
others, and to its influences are due, more
or less directly, half the murders and two
thirds the other crimes committed.
The child goes to its bed filled with sweet
meats, the young person with frosted fruit
cake and mince pie, and the aged with hard
boiled cabbage. And when death comes
suddenly and blots out the life, the surviving
friends piously observe, how inscrutable
are the ways of Providence.” Inscrutable
fiddlesticks
The Washingtonians.
The meeting Sunday evening was largely
attended,' there being over one thousand per
sons present. S. A. Main made the first ad
dress. He said he was in favor of moral
suasion but desired to see the liquor traffic
fut down. He believed that all views
whether they favored legal or moral suasion
should find expression at a temperance meet
ing. President White read a note from Mr.
Hatfield, saying he was unable to be present,
but that he was in full sympathy with the
moral suasion side of the question. Mr.
White said he did not wish to have his opin
ion have any more weight than that of any
other member. As president he had not
called to order any one advocating legal sua
sion from tire platform. He said every rum
seller would rejoice if the society should
vote to enforce the liquor law. It would be
a fight against not only the sellers but against
the customers also. He advised that at the
next meeting the subject be discussed and
voted upon, that we all might understand
our way in the future.
Mr. Connolly spoke next. He thought
the differences of opinion arose from want
of understanding between the members. He
thought the means were of less account than
the end, and urged work in all directions.
B. F. Bailey followed in a few remarks.
He was jn favor of legal suasion and cited
the case of Bethel.
The President made the closing remarks.
He hoped every member would be present
next Sunday to vote for officers for the en
suing quarter, and upon the proposition,
“Shall legal suasion arguments be admitted
upon the platform of the Washingtonian
Society.
On motion of Mr. Connolly a vote of
thanks was given to The Danbury News.
F. S
Christmas Services Sunday.
Sunday evening the usual Christmas Eve.
services was held at the St. James Episcopal
church. An unusually large audience was
in attendance, every seat being filled, and
many that were unable to get seats remained
standing through the entire services. The
rector preached an eloquent discourse from
Isaiah, 30th chapter, 29th verse, which com
manded good attention throughout its deliv
ery. The opening of the discourse was in
explanation of the custom of adorning and
beautifying the churches with the evergreens
and holly. The subject in general being ap
plicatory to the celebration of Christmas
time, but more particularly of the services
of Christmas day.
The church was elegantly trimmed, the
sides, pillars, naves, and arches being orna
mented with the evergreen in various designs.
Across the church at the junction of the old
part with the new is the inscription, “Unto
God is born this day in the city of David, a
dSavior who is Christ the Lord.” Upon the
altar was the following, “Glory to the new
born King.”
A very important part of the services was
♦hat performed by the choir under the direc
tion of Mr. C. G Short, and cannot be com
phmented too highly. The “Gloria in Ex
celsis” composed by Mr. Short and which
we have heretofore mentioned, was finely
rendered. The alto solo by Miss Cowan in
Thomas’ anthem, “Benedic anima mea”
was beautiful, and its rendition Sunday eve,
reflects great credit upon the performer. The
closing hymn was a- very appropriate selec
tion, “While Shepherds watched their flocks
by night,” and sung in the tune of Sher
burne, the music of which is as old as the
bills,” but which when well sung as on Bpn
day night loses rone of its old time pathos.
In the Mettfedist Church on Sunday last,
Ihe services were varied and interesting. ‘ln
the morning Rev. Mr. Hatfield preached
from the words, “And his name sl^ilf^be
called wonderful.’^Everything connected
with Christ was wonderful. The manner
he appeared among men was calculated to
excite our wonder. That he should have had
a manger for his cradle, an^he cattle of
the stall for his midnight attendants, that
wise men should havi^^en directs^by a star
to the place where iWwas born, that he lived
despite the edicts tile Kings, the jealousy
of the priests and the enmity of his own
countrymen until his work was accomplished
and it was beard from his dying lips amid
earthquake and darkness “It is finished.”
A.ll this was wonderful.
1. He was wonderful in his nature, in his
teachings, and his works.
This Christ is a wonderful friend ard 8a
vior, and is at the head of a wonderful
church.
And as we are brought almost to the day
when it is supposed this wonderful Christ
was born, as we think of his love for a fallen
race, of his sufferings and his death, may
we be so impressed by them that we may do
what we can to spread the tidings that were
heralded by the angels on that eventful
morning until every nation shall receive him
as their King, and every tongue shall call
him Lord.
In the afternoon highly interesting services
were held by the children of the Sunday
School.
The pastor delivered an address on Christ
mas, and Mr. Charles Purdy recited a poem.
In the evening Mr. Hatfield spoke from
the words “For we have seen his star in the
East and are come to worship him.” From
this passage was deduced the subject that
Christ was the only proper object of religious
worship, This was shown
1. By the character of his works.
A man’s works daguerreotyped his char
acter. The works of Paine, William Wes
ley Hall, and Edwards, told us what sort of
men they were. So Christ’s works proved
conclusively that he was more than a com
mon man—that he was a divine being.
2. By the character of the religious sys
tem he came to establish on earth.
Chistianity was contrasted with pagan
ism, Mohamedanism, Atheism, and Panthe
ism. ’1 heir aims and purposes were shown
to be widely different from the former,
They aimed to advance the interests of men
irrespective of their future welfare. Their
laws were tyrannical, their practices licen
tious, and their habits and customs unparal
lel to the good morals of society.
The greatest thinkers of ail nations have
not been ashamed to acknowledge Christ as
their Redeemer and the Redeemer of the
world. Milton sitting in darkness sung in
sublimest strains of his advent and mission.
Francis Feaelon, Columbus, Washington,
our late lamented President, and others no
less distinguished have given their best affec
tions to him who appeared in our world 18
centuries ago.
Editok Danbury News:—Allow me to
correct the error in your issue of Saturday,
regarding the accident which befel me,. It
was not owing to a gas explosion, but the
combustion of charcoal and shavings. W e
are using the unrivalled Empire Gas Burner
(sold only by Chas. Hull Son) and in those
stoves explosions do not occur.
Mr. L. A. Ward.
News of the week.
Saturday, Pec. 23—Gold 1084.
The snow and a mortgage broke down the
roof of a Sherman house.
A man in Wolcottville is selling his bouse
n it raffle, and has airvadv sold 4,000 of the
5,U00 chances.
Alexis will be in Chicago on the 30th and
will remain till Janua r y 2nd. lie will then
go to Milwaukee.
A car containing the mails, express mattei
and baggage, was burned, Friday, between
Terre Haul and Indianopolis.
it was so cold in Brrokfield ou Thursday,
that a number o> the citizens will put more
land in tobacco next-spring than «v’er before.
A rain storm has raged furiously ou the
Pacific coast since Tuesday evening. The
fall of rain in thirty six hours was a 67-lio
inches.
The dry goods stores of J. N. Hine Co.
and B. F. Bisson Sons, on Court st., Bing
hampton, were burned, yesterday. Loss,
$44 000.
The whiting works of John Pettit Co.,
on Newmarket st., Philadelphia, were burn
ed, yesterday. Loss, $25,000 insured for
SIO,OOO.
Owing to the absence, yesterday, of the
remaining four witnesses for the prosecution,
the Wharton trial was postponed until Tues
day next.
Three boys, namM Lee Grosvenor, Hill
Coain, and Charley Follett, were drowned
on Thursday while skating on the Muskin
gum River, at Marietta, O.
There is great rejoicing in Arizona over
the news that the government has decided to
follow a firm course, drive the Apaches upon
a reservation and keep them there.
Mrs. Clara Johnson, an aged lady, was
burned to death in Richmond, yesterday, by
her clothes taking tire. She was attending
the marriage of her grand-daughter.
Beaver, Miller Co.’s plaining-mill, Creze
Co.’s chair factory, and one dwelling, in
Foit Wayne, Ind., were burned, yesterday.
Loss, $30,000 insurance, $9,000.
The 66th anniversary of the New England
Society took place Friday evening at Delm
onico’s. Beecher,Governor Jewell of Conn
ecticut, Mr, Evarts responded to toasts.
A Bridgeport man named Fagan, charged
a liquor seller sll for not telling that he sold
him liquor on Sunday. The seller afterward
complained of the receiver who is now in
jail.
Frank Mays, colored, was hung at Gre
nada, Miss., yesterday, for posioning his
wife. He had been twice respited. He was
overcome by fright and had to be carried to
the scaffold.
A mixed train on the New London North
ern Railroad ran off the track last evening,
four miles south of Norwich, Conn. Seven
cars loaded with coal were wrecked, and a
bridge torn down.
The Rev. James B. Taylor, for the past
25 years Corresponding Secretary of the For
eign Mission Board of the Southern Baptist
Convention, died in Richmond, Ya., yester
day, age 69 years.
At Fort Wayne, Ind., yesterday, Beaver,
Miller Co.’s planing mill, Creze Co.’s
chair factory, and several barns and one
dwelling were totally destroyed by the. The
loss is nearly $30,000; insurance about $9,-
000.
William Donovan, the farm-hand who
murdered Winchell, his employer, in Contra
Costa County, in a quarrel over a disputed
account for wages, was convicted of murder
in the first degree on his second trial at San
Francisco, on Thursday.
The merchants of San Francisco have lost
heavily by the delay in the delivery of their
holiday goods from New York by rail, in
conseouence of the snow, and some of them
threaten suits against the Union Pacific Rail
road Company.
A car containing the mails, express matter,
and baggage, on the morning train from Ind
ianapolis to Terre Haute, Ind., by the Van
dalia line, took fire from a stove, at Seeley
ville. The car, with its contents, was entire
ly consumed.
The largest amount of mail matter that
ever reached Chicago in a single day arrived
there yesterday. The Post master was com
pelled to postpone the distribution of 40 tuns
of mail matter, the post-office being inade
quate to contain it.
Michael Griffin, son-in law of Patrick
Doyle, recently murdered in Ayer, Mass.,
has been arrested on suspicion of being con
cerned in the affair, if not prepet rator of the
affair. He is the second supposed murderer
arrested, Leafing being the first one.
William W. Hill, agent of the Bay Mills,
at East Greenwich, R. 1., shot himself twice,
yesterday, while suffering under an aberration
of mind. His wife, in endeavoring to prevent
the second shot, was herself wounded, but
it^is hoped not fatally. Hill is living, but
the ball cagp^t bd'reached.
Admiral Topete atal Senor Angulo have
deciSfed upon fining Senor Segasts, and the
Spanish mimslty issnow complete. With the
exception of t^e Ministry of Justice, all the
offices are filled by the persons named yes
terday. Senor Colemenares accepts the office
declined by Bea*r« G^ard. Zorilla will
probablXbe the new President of the Cortes.
The examination of Charles Callender,
charged with defrauding the Ocean National
Bank by obtaining money on worthless col
lateral was commenced before Commission
er Osb^rtn yesTefftay. It. D^is,! t\e 'S?
ceiver bank, acquired in a s^teCm n^
made by Callender’s counsel thtS the col
lateral would probably realize about $77,
000. The’case was adjourned
The Duke Alexis does not begin to draw
the crowds that Hamlin draws every day for
those superior Picture Frames of his.
Games of all kinds at Hamlin’s.
Don’t fail to hear Anna E. Dickinson Fri
day evening. Admission to Gallery only 25
cents. Reserved seats for sale at Hamlin’s
Don't fail to hear Anna E, Dickinson Fri
day evening. Admission to Gallery only 25
cunts. Reserved seats for sale at Hamlin’s.
Holiday Books at Hamlin’s.
Holiday Goods arriving daily at Hamlin’s.
French Fire Proof “A. Sun” Lamp Chim
neys sell at 12e each and they are well
worth two of any other brand sold in Dan
bury. Sold at retail by Randall Bradley,
T. R. Hoyt, H. W. Senior, and Chas. Hull
Son. at wholesale by Chas. Hull Son.
Knox Fluting Machines with coarse and
fine rollers, at Chas. Hull Son’s.
Burdick Hay Cutters at Chas. Hull
Sod's-
Just arrived from Liverpool, three (3)
hogsheads of Rockingham and yWlbw bak
ing ware for Chas. Hull Son.
At, wholesale—Chas. Hull Son, will
sell Rockingham and yellow baking ware at
wholesale, at lowest N. Y. prices.
lie who by his biz would rise,
And would not bust, must adveitise.
Space will not allow us to enumerate the
$75,000,000.00 worth of different articles
for sale by Chas. Hull Son.
The largest stock of Rockingham (or
mottled) baking ware ever opened in Dan
bury, is now for sale at wholesale or retail
at Chas. Hull gon’s.
The largest stock of common yellow ba
kng v we ever opened in Danbury is now
for sale at wholesale and retail, by Chas.
Hull A Son.
Rockingham and yellow linking ware in
every conceivable shape, round, square
oblong, scolloped, smooth, deep and shallow,
at v ry low prices, al Chas. Hull Son’s.
Chas. Hull Son send old ware to be re
plated on the 10th of January.
Don’t fail to hear Anna E. Dickinson on
Friday evening. The, admission to Gallery
i« only 25 cents. Reserved seats for sale at
II imlin’r.
Large Fereotypes, three for fifty cents, at
Ritton’s Gallery.
Don’t fail to get.some of those fine Stere
oscopic Views at Hamlin's,
Any Book published in the U. S. furnish
ed ai one day’s notice at Hamlin’s.
Christmas Trees and Sunday 7 School sup
plies al a discount at Hamlin's.
Something new. Examine and you will
buy po other. The patent self closing Diary
for 1872, far superior to the old fashioned
rubber bands and tucks. For sale at Ham
lin’s.
Bose Tweed Ims again been arrested and
Hamlin has been awarded the premium for
having the best assortment of Holiday Goods
i i town.
Go and see Hamlin’s new store and i.ew
stock of Goods.
Last night Kriss Kringle fell dow’m iH
front of Hamlin’s and would not get up un
til the Gallery of Art was completely filled
with Toys and Holiday goods.
New Years Presents. See Geo. E. Ives
advertisements.
“I consider my Florence a prize,” so said
voting lady whh b"<l purchased of More
otisc A Heath.
Ibown Spencer will supply country
stores with Ess Peppermint, Castor Oil,
Laudnum and Paregoric in oulk, or put in
vials suitable for the trade, and at prices aB
as can be procured in New York city,
and saving freight charges; also Essences,
Tinctures, Ac. warranted full strength (ac
cording to United Stales Pharmacopea) and
prepared Lorn the purest materials. Coun
try dealers please remember this when in
want of anything ip the Drug line.
Envelopes.—Having maue arrrangement
with the manuraefurers, we are prepared to
furnish Envelopes of all styles, neatly printed,
at a small advance ou the price of ths envel
ope itself. Call and see samples at Thb
News Printing Office.
UAHKIED.
On Christmas night, by the Rev. Dr.
Hawley, at the residence of the bride’s
father, Thomas Sproul, Mr. John Byers and
Miss. Mary Ehzao 11 Sproul, both of Dan
bury.
DIED.
In this town, Dec. 14th, Annie B. daugh
ter of George and Carrie B. Crosby, aged 10
years and 2 mouths.
In New York, Dec. 14th, Augusta C.
Reynolds, formerly of Ridgefield, in his 25th
year. Remains taken to Ridgefield for in
terment.
In Bethel, Dec. 24th, Annie Lois Eliza
beth, daughter of Jno. T. and Caroline
Pearce, aged 1 year and three months.
In this town, Dec. 23d, Louis Steel, aged
56 years.
In this town, Dec. 23d, Frederick G.
Smith, aged 12 years and 4 months.
In this town, Dec. 21st, Josiah Dike man,
aged 89 years and 9 months.
In Brookfield, Dec. 20th, Mary A. Ryan,
aged 32 years. Remains taken to Milford.
In Redding, Dec. 21st, E. M. Abbott, aged
32 years and 9 months. Remains taken to
Albany, N. Y.
In this town, Dec. 20th, William H., son
of Joseph and Mary A. Bell, aged 25 years,
3 months and 20 days.
’SPECIAL notices.
c
H
R
I
S
M
A
S
P RESENTS
GO TO
Chas. Hull Son’s
NEW GOODS
BOUGHT FOR
THE HOLIDAYS
A BEAUTIFUL NEW LOT OF
r DECORATED CHINA
Tea Sets,
Moustache Cups
and Saucers
MUGS, VAES, SPITTOONS, CUSPIDORBS, *C
CUT AND BOHEMIAN
GLASS WARE.
Bureau Toilet Sets,
JBronze Lamps,
CHANDELIERS,
GAS PORTABLES, &c.
SKATES,
SLEDS SLEIGH BELLS,
CUTLERY FARCY HARDWARE.
AT
CHAS. HULL SON,
Opp. Concert Hall.