t
Term of Subscription*
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Dally Edition, per year, toy mail 412.00
Trl-weekly Edition, per year, by mail
Sunday Edltion/per year, by mail 2.50
Weekly Edition, per year, by mail. 2JD
parts ol a year at tie game rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sure and give Post
Office address In full, including State and county.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
Post Office order, or in registered letters, at oar risk.
TEEMS TO CUT SUBSCRIBERS!
Dally, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Daily, delivered, Sunday included, 30 cents per week.
Address THE TBIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15 Canal-st-, Chicago, 111.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1871.
COVIBHOB PALMER’S SPECIAL MESSAGE.
On Saturday Governor Palmer communi
cated to the General Assembly a special mes
sage covering tho second chap
ter of his correspondence con
cerning a supposed illegal occupation of
Illinois bv United States troops under Gen
eral Sheridan. The facts and circumstances
of the first chapter arc familiar to tho public.
Those of the second are substantially as fol
lows:
After the Federal troops which had been
Lore during the fire had been ordered back to
Omaha, a number of citizens,■'including the
officers of the Relief and Aid Society, moved
by 1 what they considered strong reasons,
addressed General Sheridan a request in the
following words:
The undersigned respectfully and urgently re*
quest that you will cause lour companies of
United States Infantry to bo stationed at or near
this citv.until it«hall appear that there is no dan
ger of attack by disorderly persona upon the de
pots of the Belief and Aid Society, or other riot
ous proceedings, for which the recent appalling
calamity may have paved the way. We believe
the presence of a small military force in this
vicinity would, at the same time, deter any evil
disposed persons from organizing a breach of the
pcace,and reassure the publicmindin an extraor
dinary degree.
This letter General Sheridan communicated
to the Adjutant General at Washington, and
General Sherman upon its receipt, not sup
posing that the quartering of a few compa
nies of regular troops in the neighborhood of
Chicago would violate auy State rights,
hastily penned the following despatch;
[Telegram.]
Headquarters of run Army, 1
Washington, Oct. 31, 18*1. 5
To General P. IT. Sheridau, Chicago:
Four companies of the Eighth Infantry are or
dered to Chicago to act as police under your let
ter of the 29th. W. T. Sherman, General.
The use of the words to act as police.” an
inadvertence perhaps upon the part of Gen
eral Sherman iu his haste to comply with an
unquestionably legal and proper request,
forms tho basis of Governor Palmer’s letter
to the President, and of the special message
to the Legislature. We are satisfied that when
General Sherman reads tho correspondence
he will he grieved to find that the expression
he so inadvertently used has been made the
occasion for so lengthy a remonstrance.
Undoubtedly the use of the phrase was un
fortunate, but, when read in conjunction
with tho letters upon which it was founded,
it did not, according to our view, contain the
genu of unconstitutionalism which Governor
Palmer seems to have discovered. General
Sherman informs Sheridan that four compa
nies have been ordered to Chicago “to act as
police vmlcr your letter of the 20th.” The Gov
ernor prefers to put theemphasisonthcother
end, thus; *‘to actasjiolice under your letter
of the 20th.” But the sentence has an ex
planation in the fact that the troops were to
be employed for the purpose requested iu
the letter of Sheridan. That letter merely
covered tho request of tho citizens;
and the request of the citizens was
that some companies of troops bo “stationed
at or near the city,” under the belief that
‘"•the presence of a small military force iu
Ibis vicinity would at tho same time deter
aii3* evil-disposed persons from organizing a
breach of the peace, and reassure the public
mind iu an extraordinary degree.”
General Sherman’s despatch was not an
older. His only order iu the premises reads
as follows;
%o General George G. J Trade, Philadelphia:
Order four companies of the Eighth lufaatrv.
with field officer, to Chicago,to report to General
theridan in person.
W. T. Sherman, General.
This is tbe only order iu the case, and it
contains nothing about “acting as police.’?
There was nothing in the original request,
nor in Sheridan's endorsement thereon, nor
in Sheiman's orders, nor in the presence of
the ticops here, that can justly be construed
:.s a purpose or design to put the military or
civil power of the United States above that
of Ihe State.
The Governor does not deny that the Uni
ltd States have the right to station troops at
or near the city of Chicago, or at or near the
city of Springfield, and this right is in no
way dependent .upon the wishes or consent
of the Stale authorities. Unless these troops
aic used to coerce the State authorities, or
mployed in executing State laws without
proper request, the margin left for complaints
of military usurpation is a small one. In
this case, before the Governor sent in bis spe
cial message, the President had notified him,
that he had directed all orders {if any
had been given) contrary to law, or inter
fering with State authority, to be rescinded.
This ought to have been satisfactory, though
what order in the case would need to be re
scinded it is difficult to point out.
METHODISM AND POLITICS.
Our readers have undoubtedly read with
interest the letter of the Hex*. J. L. G. Me-
ICown, pastor of the Third Street Methodist
lupiscopal Church iu Rockford, Illinois, in
jcplytosome strictures of our Washington
correspondent on the political operations of
seme of the dignitaries of that Church. We
understand Mr. McKowu to deny that the
Methodist Episcopal Church is in auy sense
a political institution or machine, and that,
if any of its dignitaries are seeking to make
it such, so much the worse for them. We re
print two passages from his letter, which
embody the gist of what wo desire to say a
word about;
Perhaps the fact bo mentions, viz, that the
President and Chief Justice, and ;i large number
of Senators—another is coming from Illinois—
nncl Rex*re-enlatives, are pew-iiolders in the Me
tropolitan Methodist Episcopal Church in Wash
ington, may have had something to do withthe
inspiration of “Gath.” Docs ho know anything
oithe saving, “The wish is fatherto the thought 1”
1 am somewhat skeptical respcctiifc bis zeal for
theimrity and unselfishness of the Methodist
Episcopal Church. I want to say to 44 Gatli and
lis Goiiab.that I should he sorry to hold the
Congregational, Presbyterian, and Unitarian
Churches responsible for such cham
pionship as contained in his letter. I am
unwilling as u Methodist that he should hold the
Church he upbraids responsible for such follies as
he charges upon Dr. Newman. If the Doctor
is at fault, so muen the worse for him. But the
Church of which he is an honored pastor, is in no
way responsible.
Gath need not fear that tnc Methodist Epis
copal Church will forget her true calling to follow
his. And she has for so many years received at
tentions similar to his, that she will not consent
to he whipped into line. She is of ago. She is na
tix-e horn- She belongs to the soil. She intends
to stay, and to hand down to her children, uutm
paii» U and with honest increase, the heritage
Gcd has given her. And she will do her part to
c onsci ve the true interests of a government by the
pc ople, fi (iui among the people.
Fussing over all that can be deemed per
sonal in this correspondence, we are constrain
ed to say that there has been an ellbrt made,
extending over a number of years, to make
tbe Methodist Episcopal Church an appa
ratus for elevating certain men to office in
prel; ii ncc to other men belonging to tbe
*an c political party. This is now 30 well
know u that it has become an important fac
tor In ibe calculations of politicians and
pally conventions. That is to say.politicians
jmd party conventions are in the habit of
taking into consideration and inquiring how
•this, that, ortho other candidate will please
the Methodists, when they never think of in
quiring how any candidate will please the
'Baptists, or Presbyterians. This is perfect
ly notorious. We are far from supposing that
tbe great body of tbe Methodist denomina
tion, either lay or clerical, are aware that
they exercise any such peculiar influence
in political circles, or that they would ap
prove of it if they knew it. Bat the fact Is
as we have stated it.
*lt is unnecessary for ns to add (Mr. Mc-
Kown himself acknowledges it) that, to the
extent that the Methodist Church, or any
other denomination of Christians, conies to
cxa-cise political influence, it will lose
its religious character and prom
inence. By political influence we
do not mean the exercise of tho
right of suffrage; that is not merely tho
privilege, but tbe duty of all men. Wo mean
tbe sort of influence which makes itself felt
iu caucuses and conventions, giving certain
men a preference or advantage iu tbo pro
curement of public office because they are
agreeable to a particular denomination or
form of worship.
We appreciate, as fully as Mr. McKown,
the patriotism of the Methodist Church, and
its membership, during the war. We ac
knowledge, as warmly as ho can desire, its
anti-slavery character before the war. We
admire its zeal in good works. Wo have
often felt called upon, incur capacity as a
secular journal, to notice and commend the
perseverance and self-sacrificing spirit of its
preachers. For these reasons, among others,
we regret tp see that tho temptation to use
so largo and well-orgauized .a body
as the Methodist denomination
for political ends has been
too great to be resisted by some of tho digni
taries of the Church. These persons, howev
er high their standing, should be admon
ished that they have forgotten their calling.
It is not fitting that oven Masons, or Odd
Fellows, or the so-called Grand Army of tho
Republic, should be turned into machines
for the promotion of the political fortunes
of particular individuals. How much less
fitting is it that a religious body should be
perverted to such uses. Wo are gratified to
know that the Rev. Mr. McKown agrees with
us in this view, and onty difiers from us as
to tho question of fact. If he can get at the
real opinions of the politicians of the North
west, ho will find that we have uot exagger
ated or misstated ihclr conception of the im
portance of Methodism in politics.
THE DISMISSAL OF CATACAZY.
The dismissal of M. Catacazy, tho Russian
Minister at Washington, has not been insist
ed upon by our government without
sufficient cause. It seems that, as long ago
as the 151h of June, 1871, the Department of
State requested, through our representative
in Russia, Governor Curtiu, that the offend
ing Minister be withdrawn. The Russian
Government asked for the reasons, which
were not then given, the notification that
the Minister was offensive being held to bo
all that could bo rightfully asked. Tho
Emperor, therefore, requested that tho de
mand bo withdrawn until after the official
presentation of tho Grand Duke Alexis.
This being over, and tho functions'
of Catacazy terminated, Mr. Fish
addressed a note to Governor Curtin,
communicating, for the information of tho
Russian Government, a statement of some
of the reasons impelling the United States
to hold no further official relations with
Catacazy, which may be stated briefly as
follows: Shortly after his arrival here ho
began to make himself officious iu matters
not pertaining to .his office and pending be
fore Congress; importuning Senators and
members, resorting to personal interviews,
annoying to those indecorously approached.
He used the newspaper press to influence
public opinion, indulging in the most unre
served personal abuse of public measures and
individuals, and especially abusive, per
sonally, of all persons connected with the
.claim of the Perkins estate, pending before
the Russian Government, and which had
been presented by General Cass aud Secre
tary Seward, and their predecessors.
Tho newspaper articles on this question in
dicated a familiarity with some of tho facts
of the case, many of which were traced so
near to Catacazy as to leave an impression
that he at least inspired them. A remarka
ble letter of this kind appeared iu tho New
York World, in November, 1870. Two days
after its appearance Catacazy appeared at
the State Department, and, referring to this
letter, denounced it as full of lies and mis
representations; he declared that he knew
nothing of its authorship, had no
intercourse with tho correspondents,
and attributed its authorship to
his enemies, tho Perkins claimants,
with a design to injure him. This volun
tary disclaimer of all knowledge, and this
voluntary denunciation of the falsity of the
article, he subsequently put in writing. Mr.
Fish, however, upon application to the
World correspondent, learned the fact that
Caracazy dictated all the statements of the
letter to the correspondent, who, after he
had written the letter, left it with Catacazy
for revision that the latter revised it, and
that it was printed precisely as it came from
Catacazy’s hands.
In 1870 there appeared in the public papers
a statement that Prince Gort.schnkoff’, the
Russian Chancellor, had been displaced.
A letter, purporting to be from bis successor,
was published, in which the Perkins claim
was commended. Catacazy wrote to Mr.
Fish, denouncing these papers as forgeries,
and got up for the purpose of injuring him.
Subsequently, Mr. Fish learned by unques
tionable evidence that thcwhole publication
was got up by Catacazy, and by him procured
to be published.
In one of his letters to the Russian Govern
ment, written after the agitation for his recall,
Catacazy describes a personal interview he
had withthe President, in which, ho says, the
President received him kindly, addressed him
as “My dear Catacazy,” and inquired after
his family. This, Mr. Fish was directed by
the President to say, wasan entire fabrication.
The truth was, Catacazy followed the
President to Long Branch, and asked an inter
view, which was refused. He then renewed
the request, with an assurance that he mere
ly desired to pay his personal respects. He
was admitted, and, attempting to speak of
official matters, was peremptorily checked
by the President, who throughout treated
him with the coldness consistent with the
respect due to a person under his roof.
Another reason given is his direct inter
ference to prevent the negotiation of the
treaty with Great Britain, and,since its rati
fication, he has endeavored to prevent its
execution. For these and various other rea
sons the President and Secretary of State
demanded his recall.
Mr. BoutwelTs plan, of taxing the country
roundly for the purpose of setting up some
sbip-buildcrs in American steamers iu spite
of the obstacles wliicb “Protection” has
thrown in the way of such business, has, wo
observe, received a rebuke iu the action of
tho National Board of Trade, at St. Louis.
Philadelphia was on hand with a proposition
for such bounty as tho Secretary asked in
Ins late report, while Boston, on tho other
hand Jjuorc interested in ship-building, bnt’
less iu government bounties—asked the
board to memorialize Congress in fa
vor of the only' rational method of
fostering American ship-building, viz.: to
make materials cheap by* abolisbingorabat
ing the duties upon them, and to admit for
eign-built steamers to American registry’. In
discussing these resolutions Mr. Windsor, a
Philadelphia protectionist, admitted that
the system which had been devised for the
building up of certain other interests had
been the means of killing the shipping inter
est. Mr. Edward Atkinson, of Boston, let a
good deal of daylight through the Pennsyl
vania scheme, ami Mr. Ondyke, of Now
York, followed up with a substitute, to the
oiled that Congress authorize tho admission
of foreign-built vessels to. reg
istry' for foreign commerce. Tho Boston-'
resolution was carried, but the vote did not
indicate a quorum. Mr. Opdyke’s substitute
was afterwards adopted, ami tho Boutwcll
plan went begging for friends. It is evident
that the business men of the country do not
believe that two wrongs make one right, or
that we should set one man up in the steam
ship business at the public expense simply'
because we have been so foolish, in former
years, as to endow, from the people’s pock
ets, another man who is in the iron line.
On Saturday, wc understand, those of the
old “nineteen” in the City Council who
hold over, and those of the same kidney who
have since been elected, held meetings, or,
as they called them, caucuses, to nominate
the men who arc to bo elected by the City
Council to the various city offices. Those of
the faction who call themselves Republicans
met in one place, and tbe others, calling
themselves Democrats, met in another place,
and each nominated a quota of officers, for
which t he whole Council is expected to vote.
Thus, the majorhy of oncfactiou pf the nine
teen nominated its candidates,’and the ma
jority of the other faction nominated its can
didates. Five men, in each case, designated
who were to be elected by the whole board of
forty members.
It may be a little too soon to judge of the
condition of parties in the Common Council;
but that tbe old corruptionists have a strong
•force there, and that they claim a majority, is
not questioned. Should these men to-night
develop sufficient power to elect their caucus
nominees, the public will understand that it
will require another year and another clec
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 187 L
tion to rid tho public of the nineteen.” It
may be that the “nineteen” have grown in
their numbers, and are now. able to control
the legislation of tho Council; if bo', the fact
may as welt be made known at once, that
tbe name of each betrayer of the public may
be recorded for general information.
The city of St. Paul is supplied with water
by a private corporation, and tho city has
contracted with that company for tho fur
nishing of water to the fire-plugs. The con
tract requires the city to pay its bills semi
annually—on tho Ist of July and Ist of Jan
uary. The last payment made by the city
was in January, 1870, leaving two years’
rents unpaid, and tho Council refuses to
allow interest on tho unpaid hills. Tho
Water Company, on Tuesday last, declaring
the contract annulled by tho refusal or omis
sion of the city to pay, disconnected all the
fire-plugs, thus leaving tho city without
water in case of fire. The amount duo for
rent is about §IO,OOO. The Board of Under
writers iu St. Paul have resolved to increase
tho rates of insurance 50 per cent while this
matter remains unsettled.
Our citizens, immediately after tho fire,
experienced for ten days the terrors and tho
distress of a want of water. Do they re
member that tho continuance of a supply
depends upon the freedom from accidents to
tho machinery and apparatus at tho Water
Works? An accident to the tnnuel, or an
injury to tho crib, could not be repaired
without cutting off the entire supply, both
for domestic purposes and for tho fire
engines. Tho recommendation of the Mayor
in favor of a supply of water for tho use of
the. Fire Department, independent of tho
pumping-works, is one that .requires imme
diate attention. To stake everything upon
a single pump is taking a risk altogether too
hazardous. The health and safety of tho
city depends upon an early provision for an
independent supply of water for lire pur
poses, either by artesian wells or by pipes
communicating with the river.
It is urged as a reason why the United
States should go into tho general telegraph
business, that private enterprise will not
build telegraph lines except where the busi
ness will pay, and that the government lias
money enough to do so. Tho same rule will
apply to all other cases where private enter
prise will not engage hnmprotitahlo business.
There are many such cases. There is not a
county in all the United States that would
not like to have one or two railroads built
through it; private enterprise will not build
them, and. unless the government taxes
tho whole people to pay for them,
they will not he huilt. There are
many poor newspapers in the country because
private enterprise will not establish hotter
ones; there are a great many places which
have no newspapers at all, for tho same rea
son. Tea and coffee are hot raised in tho
United States, because tho time has not come
when private enterprise will engage in that
line of production; hut these pressing wants
of essentials of life do not justify the gov
ernment engaging in tho business. The fact
that the business will not pay is a sufficient
reason for not attempting it and that it is
not needed. Whenever the wants of any
community require a lino of telegraph, pri
vate enterprise will promptly discover tho
fact.
The Cincinnati Gazette calls attention to
the fact that, in the published list of con
tributions received by the Chicago Relief
and Aid Society, Ohio is credited with only
§40,200,12, whereas Cincinnati alone has con
tributed over §200,000 for tho relief of this
city. Tho Cincinnati contribution (a most
munificent one, indeed) was disbursed by
her own committee, and hence does not ap
pear on tho hooks of the Chicago Relief and
Aid SocietA*.
In connection with this matter, the Gazette
adds tho following;
Yesterday a private despatch was received in
this city from a citizen of Chicago, which reads
as follows:
44 Tell your committee not to give any money
to the Chicago General Relief Association, as it
Is badly managed. Special societies arc doing
tbe best work.”
Tliis is a matter that the Chicago papers should
explain, as there is still a largo amount of money
heidfortho relief of Chicago, ami tho donors
should know what had best be dono with it.
If the namo of the citizen who sent the
despatch had been given, tho Chicago news-
Xiapcrs might be able to explain. Without
that informational! that tlio3’ can s»3' is, that
the 3' do not share in his apprehensions.
Tnr. Triiiunk is under many obligations
for favors since the fine, ami, now that our
new Hoe press enables us to meet the wants
and expectations of our subscribers, wo re
turn our most grateful thanks to Hon. Thos.
A. Scott, Vico President of the Pennsylvania
Central, and J. X. McCullough, Esq., Su
perintendent of the Pittsburgh, Fort 'Wayne
Chicago Paihvay, for bringing this ma
chine through for us from Xew York in the
short space of ihirtyaix hours. Their General
Agent, Mr. Gossler, Xo. 271 Broadway, Mr.
Young, in Jersey City, and the depot agents
at Pittsburgh showed every attention to our
wants, and also have our hearty thanks.
THE LAW COURTS.
The Judge* Make an Error in (heir Reckoning
••New .Suit* in the Circuit Court.
SUPREME COURT.
When the great fire occurred in Chicago, the
Supreme Court was in session. The loss of
records, files, and evidences of claims, caused the
court to consider upon some measure of relief.
The seven judges consulted, and as the result of
their deliberation, they made a mistake. Re
membering the date of the day upon which they,
under the law, would have to convene at Spring
they counted backward. They allowed
the replies to all arguments to be
received to the soth, answers
to be filed upon the 20th. and original briefs to bo
filed upon the 10th. It did not occur to the Judges
that the 10th was a Sunday, and that upon that
day lawyers could not, under the statute, labor
in their vocation; and, more important still,
courts, by like statute, can scarcely make record.
This being a fact, it is authoritatively to bestated
now, that briefs filed on Monday will bo received
as of the 10th.
CIRCUIT COURT.
A bill was filed by' Charles Fargo against Pat
rick O’Neil and others, to foreclose a trust deed
upon the north half of Lots 1 and 2, and the west
half of Lot y. Block CO, School Section Addition.
—An action of assumpsit was commenced by
William Judeon against John C. Wilson, by which
demand is made fur $1,500.
HYDE PARK.
Adjourned Meeting of the Town Trustees—
Financial Matters—Retrenchment Measures
—The Dalton Bridge—Bills Approved—Reso
lutions and Petitions.
An adjourned meeting of the Board of Trustees
of tho Town of Ilydo Park was hel I on Saturday
afternoon. All the members were present.
TOWN FINANCES.
It was reported that several special assessment
funds were indebted to tbo general town fund in
the sum of about Sio.ooo, and such as had bal
ances on hand were drawn on to pay back the
borrowed money. The following balances were
ordered to bo transferred: From Adams street
sidewalk fund, $50.20; Egandale avenue, $335.80;
Section sc drain, $2,-c0.45 Thirty ninth street,
$121.21; Seventy-first street. $6.03. Total, SVJBO.3B.
A special and full report on tho town finances,
to he presented by the Finance Committee, was
made tho special order for next Saturday, at
3;30 o’clock p. m.
RETRENCHMENT.
The Special Committee on retrenchment of
town expenses made a partial report, which was
accepted. It n commended tho dismissal of the
special and one regular policeman, and the en
gineer. Other reductions were proposed, and the
subject was laid over for one week.
DALTON RRJDCK.
Trustee Vamlcr-Bett reported the bridge over
the Calumet, near Dalton, as in dangerous condi
tion.
In ferred to the Committee on Streets, to ex
amine the same, and report if It can be repaired,
or if a new bridge is necessary, and where it
shall be placed, and a plan and estimate for the
same.
BILLS APPROVED.
The following Mils were apnroved bv the sev
eral committees and ordered to be paid*:
KiehMTlH'nipgoii..sl,3oo.oo S. P. Farrington.. 227,30
C. M. Cmlv 217.30 C.ai. Hardy 117.30
Lester nrailucr.Jr. 32.50 H. It. Lewis 232 30
K. (4 Clark...- 237 30 A. D. Waldron.... 312.51
TV. it. Smith 33 00 Geo. H. Warts 123.00
Gro. W. Waite 335-.00 I*. 11. Waldron 10.0J
South Chi. Unihi’g
Daulci iloaly
John Ccmiors ie.ro.
Win. n.'mklii 5.00
111. Cwi. It. It. Co. 105.80
Slitliail Doyle 115.00
Total
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED,
Tt was resolved to grant the use of tho Town
Hall one evening each week to tho Hyde Park
Division, Sons of Temperance, at a rent of S3 per
month, and the expense of lighting and heating.
—Also, that tho Hue of 450, imposed by Justice
Sampson. November 21, 1871, on William Hale,
for violation of ordinances, he remitted.
—Also, that the engineer present a full state
ment of all work done on tho Fifty-llrst street
sewer at the next meeting.
—Also, that warrant No. l.txi, issued to Charles
Creighton, for SI,OOO, bo taken up and cancelled,
andono issued in lien thereof for Si,loo, payable
November 1,1572.
PETITIONS WERE RECEIVED
From John Hughes, for saloon license on tho
corner o. Forty-seventh and State streets.
—From Van A. Higgins, for payment of war
rant No. SCO, issued to Hubert Cruig, for s2.Coi.4u.
Tire above, with a number of bills were re-
to Saturday, December 16.
NATIONAL BO ABB OF TRADE.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Sr. Louis, Mo., Dee. o. —The fourth day’s ses
sion of tho National Board of Trade began at tho
Temple tbisrmoniing at 10 o’clock. President Fra
ley In the chair. Prayer was offered by Rev. Air.
George, of fit. Louis.
NEXT ANNUAL MEETING,
Tho Chair announced that Hamilton A.
Hill had been elected Secretary and
reasurer of tho Executive Council,
and that tho Council had selected Now York as
the place of holding tbe next annual meeting of
the National Board.
TRADE RELATIONS WITH CANADA.*?
Avery Plainer, of the committee appointed to
confer, with the Canadian delegation on tho. sub
ject of trade relations with Canada, reported that
several meetings had been held, resulting in tho
adoption of a resolution providing that the Exec
utive Committee memorialize Congress to pass a
law for tho appointment of a commission to
meet a similar Canadian Commission, should one
be appointed by that Government, to negotiate
tbe basis of a treaty between Great Britain and
the United States for the establishment of mutu
ally satisfactory commercial relations between
the United States and Canada on the principles
set forth in the report of the Executive Council,
and published in The Tribune of Thursday last.
The report was adopted.
Air. Burwell, of New Orleans, moved an
amendment to the report, whereby provision
should bo made for treaty negotiations with all
tho governments having domain on the Continent
of America, with reference to tho establishment
of trade relations. Tho resolution was referred
to tho Executive Council.
At this point an invitation was extended to tho
Canadian delegation present, to speak upon the
question. Hon. John Young availed himself but
briefly of the opportunity, merely expressing
the conviction that as soon as tuo American
Commission was appointed the Dominion Gov
ernment would respond by'tho appointment of
Similar commission. Ho returned thunks for
the warm and cordial hospitality extended to
the Canadian delegation, and earnestly hoped
for an opportunity to repay tho kindness. Tho
Dominion Board of Trade was to meet at Ottawa,
on tho 17th ol January next, and ho hoped to
then receive a delegation from this body.
Air. W. 11. How land, of Toronto, gave tho views
of his delegation more at length, and proceeded
to state some of their objections to tho plan re
ported by tbe committee and adopted by tho Na
tional Board. Tho Canadian delegation had
come hero for the purpose of offering certain
things looking to tho Improvement of
trade relations with tho States. Among
them was tho eulargomont of the
canal and the improvement of tho St.
Lawrcuco to meet tho requirements of tho
great Northwestern trade. He culled attention
to the fact that the Canadian trade was also rap
idly increasing, having swelled from $19,000,003
in 1871, to $167,000,000 in 1871. They had also de
signed to say something about tho Washington
Treaty, by the terms of which the fishing and
canal privileges had been given to the united
States without any corresponding advantage to
Canada. To satisfy claims against tho homo
government the Englsh Commission had
coolly given away Canadian property
and rights. Tho fact was that Canada had all the
legislative rights of an entirely independent
country, and tho feeling was that Ragland had
ceded away rights and property which were not
her’s to give. The question would come up at the
next session of the Dominion Parliament ns to
whether Canada had received an equivalent for
what had been taken from her by tho terms of
the Washington Treaty; and as to tho approval of
that treaty by the Dominion, he could say that
there was a strong feeling against tho ap
proval, and the treaty would probably be rejected.
The Canadian delegation bad hoped to go back,
and say to tbeir people that tbe Americans were
willing to grant them things which tho English
Government refused, but although disappointed
in this they should oarry buck with them pleasant
recollections of tho occasion. Tho speaker briefly
stated the objections of the delegation to tho pro
posed basis of the commercial treaty. They w ere
uot prepared to admit American manufactures to
Canada duty free, although they wore ready to
enter upon a free interchange of products. So
lone as they maintained their present connections
with England (and there was no probability of
severing them) they could not enter into tho x»ro
posed arrangement for the collection and distribu
tion of import duties, and in any event Canada
would not consent to such a wholesale surrender
of the control of her affairs. Tho adoption of
tho proposed Zollvorcin would practically
result iu political annexation, against
which the feeling iujJCanada wa9 strong and
almost unanimous. Canada wasgottlngstrougor
cvcrj'year ns a nation, and she wanted to exist
as an independent country: hut her people did
not wont to give up their name and feelings as
Canadians, and become Americans. Ina fewycars
at the rate of her present growth, Canada would
become a separate nation, and when that time
came she would not bo afraid to accept
her Independence from England. She was
at any lime ready to give way on any
points which did not alfect her relations with
England, or tho yielding of which would nut
take her affairs outof her own hands. She would
enlarge her canals, anl would oven consent to
ratify the Washington Treaty and endeavor
to meet America on every possible point which
would tend to secure free commercial relations.
If all these failed, then Canada would paddle her
own canoe; always, however, preserving the
most friendly personal relations with her breth
ren in tho States.
THE TELEGRAPH.
The next regular proposition was that sub
mitted by theAlilwauKco Chamber of Commerce,
looking to the protection of tho use of tho tele
graph by the enactment of laws to punish sur
reptitious filching of tho contents of private
messages, and also for tho punishment of em
ployes of telegraph companies for improperly
disclosing tho purport or contents of such mes
sages.
Air. Able, of 6t. Louis, offered an amendment,
directing that Congress bo memorialized to con
sider the propriety of tho government securing
and operating all the telegraph lines In tho
United States.
Air. Abie’s amendment was lost by a vote
of 21 in favor and 22 against, and tho original
proposition was adopted.
STATE INSPECTION.
The next proposition was that of the Baltimore
Board of Trade, that abolishing forced State in
spection.
Mr. Young, of Baltimore, offered a resolution to
the effect that any State inspection of articles of
merchandise Is unnecessary unjust and
oppicsslve to the mercantile interests of
such State, and that the Secretary bo instructed
to communicate with such States us have in force
the insiHiction laws complained of, sotting forth
the opinion of thoNutlouul Board that all each
laws should be abrogated. The resolutions wore
adopted.
QUARANTINE.
The next proposition was that of the Boston
Board of Trade, looking to the establishment by
Congress of a Sanitary Board of Appeal to pro
tect our citizens and foreign commerce from the
irresponsible control of local quarantine ollicers.
The resolution was adopted.
LIGHTHOUSE DUES.
The board then took up the proposition of tho
Boston Board of Trade for the abolishment of tho
Lighthouse and Beacon dues exacted by Great
Britain, and for the maintenance of such safe
guard to navigation by tho government out of its
public revenue, as is the casein the United States.
The resolution was adopted.
FOREIGN COMMERCE.
The two adverse propositions of tho Boston
and Philadelphia Boards of Trade were taken up.
That of the Philadelphia board proposes a boun
ty on all materials of American growth entering
into the coHstruclion of registered vessels,
built in tbe United States, equal
In amount to the duties on those articles had they
been imported, while that of tho Boston Board
recommends that tho promotion of commerce
and the construction of sea-going vessels should
bo fostered by tbe abatement of unnecessary
taxes and not by granting bounties or subsidies.
Mr. Wetherell, of Philadelphia, introduced
other resolutions endorsing the plan of tho Secre
tary of tho Treasury for allowing sl3 per ton on
all American-built steamers of over 2,000 tons,
and urging the government to assist
American commerce by giving the foreign
mail service to American steamships on the same
terms os prevail in the land postal service.
Mr. "Windsor, of Philadelphia, said that all
agreed that something should bo done to en
courage American shipping, and the only ques
toin was how it could best bo dune.
Himself a protectionist, ho wanted to
say that the very system adopted to protectothcr
interests hud been the means of killing tho ship
ping interest. (Applause.) It was evident that
some special plan must bo adopted for the pro
tection of tho shipping.
Mr. Candler, of Boston, offered a pre
amble and resolutions as a sub
stitute, providing that the construction
of Americau*lmllt vessels at a low cost may be
best promoted by relieving import duties on ma
terials used; that all vessels of foreign con
struction or bearing a forelgu flag shall,
when purchased by American citizens, be
entitled" to American registry, enrollment
and protection the same as If built: in
America, and tlmt Iron or material required for
eubsisten in or repairs of vessels engaged in tbe
foreign trade he taken from bonded warehouses
fieo of duty; that. In making contracts for the
ocean postal service, tho Post Office
Department should give tho prefer
ence to vessels owned by American.
citizens, providing that tho service fs rendered at
as low and generally satisfactory rates as aro
exacted by foreign vessels.
Mr. Candler supported his resolution in a for
cible and telling speech, in which he advocated
tbe icmaval of duties on ship-building
materials ns tho best way to foster that
interest. This could not be construed as a boun
ty, but was only an abatement of tuxes, as the
whole mutter was based upon the question of
cheap transportation of our exports and imports.
Let Americans go into the markets of
the world, and buy ships where they could get
them the cheapest. He was opposed to subsidies
or government bounty, for he wanted tho young
sailor with his schooner or brig to have an equal
chance with the gigantic steamship corporation,
wiili its millions of capital.
Mr. Atkinson, of Boston, said that Mr. Wind
sor’s admission completely knocked the bottom
out of the Philadelphia proposition, and, with
that admission coming from that side of tho
controversy, tho Idea of farther con
tinuing tho duty ou ship-building
materials was practically abandoned. In tbe
matter of subsidies, tho speaker showed that tho
ship-builder, after receiving bis bonus, could
make money by putting nis ship into the English
trade, and then proceeding to build another.
Great Britain had granted subsidies
to a few steamship lines. In order
to induce them to carry her malls, but under con
ditious so hard that tho Canard lino was about
to give up its subsidy, and other owners were cer
tain to follow. Tho American policy concerning
shipbuilding had resulted in sending all our ves
sels into foreign waters under foreign flags.
England had now more shipbuilding than sue
could do. and once lot the flood-gates bo
open and tbe present ban removed from
American builders, and let our merchants be
free to send their orders to tbe Clyde for ships,
and it would not bo long before the price of wages
would bo so increased in England as to enable
America to enter into successful competition thus
accomplishing the object of the protective policy
with relation to ship building.
Mr. Shrvock, of fit. Louis, spoke in favor of sub
sidizing tho builders of iron steamships, whether
on tho ocean, lakes, or on the Western waters.
He read the letter of Secretary Robeson, dated
April H, 1571, in reply to tho Senate resolution of
inquiry to tho prepositions made by the Inter
national Steamship Company.
Mr. Opdyke of Now York, presented his views
in a senes of resolutions, which he proposed to
offer at the present lime. These were substan
tially to the effect that Congress authorize tho
admission of foreign-built vessels to American
reglbtry for the foreign commerce; also, that one
or more weekly mall routes be established across
$3,311.71
the Atlantic, the mails to be carried in
iron steamships. built in America,
tho government to advertise far proposals
and let tbe centract to the lowest responsible
bidder; also,.that the government give to exist
ing lines of American steamships, on tho Atlan
tic and Pacific Oceans, liberal compensation for
the mail service performed by them.
Air. Kirkland, of Baltimore said that ho should'
not endorse any proposition tending to the build
ing up of a great monopoly, And to the detriment
of tbe vessels of smaller tonnage as would
be the case by the bounty or subsidy plan. Ho
advocated tbe removal of duties on shipbuilding
materials and supplies for subsistence and re
pairs. The resumption of specie payment would
also be of great vulluo to tbe shipping interest.
Air. McPherson, of St. Louis, and Mr. Ropes,
of Boston, spoke in favor of some compromise
between the resolutions offered by Messrs.
Chandler and Opdyko.
Air.Burwell, of, Now Orleans, was in favor
of Air. Chandler’s resolutions, but urged tho im
portanceof doingsomething tqcultivato the trade
of Spanish America.
Air. Wethcrcll, of Philadelphia, offered, as a
compromise, resolutions to the effect that a law
he passed allowing the purchase and registry of
foreign-built vessels for a term not exceeding two
years from the time the law takes effect; also
that all materials, stores, and supplies be admit
ted free of duty; also, that a subsidy of sl3 per
ton, for five years, bo given to every Amori
can-built vessel of not less than 1,090 tons.
A vote was taken separately on Air. Candler’s
resolutions, which were adopted by a vote of 35
to 8, tho Philadelphia delegation only voting in
the negative.
The question being on tbe final adoption of Air.
Candler’s substitute as a whole, the vote was 23
for and 19 against. It was declared lost for lack
of the requisite majority.
The question then recurred on Air. Opdyko’s
substitute, which, as altered, onlv provides for
tho admission to registry for the foreign trade
only of vessels sailing under a foreign
fiag, with no clause relating to tho abatement of
duties on materials, etc, which was unanimously
adopted.
The board then adjourned until Alonday morn
ing at 9 o’clock.
NEW YORK;
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune,
MONEY.
New York, Dec. 9.—The bank statement is re
garded os unfavorable. The loss in legal tender
was larger than expected, while tho increase in
specie was not as much os it should have been,
considering the outllowof gold from the Treasury.
The cable telegrams show that the London money
market is easier, and the Inference Is therefore
drawn that the Prince may be better. Consols
were reported 1-16 advance on yesterday’s
prices.
CCLD
opened at 110 1-4 before the board, and then
fell to 109 7-8, bid on the favorable reports from
London. During the morning tho price fluctua.
ted between llOand 1101-8. Tho rates paid forcar
ry ing were 6,5,51-2,3 and 7 per cent. After the board
adjourned tho quotations were 109 7-8 to 110.
The excitement in regard to the Prince of Wales
has subsided for the present, and, as the shorts
have nearly all covered, there la no
motive for advancing tho price. Until something
definite is obtained from London, no great
change in tho gold premium can he expected.
Tho exports of specie for the week wore $345,224.
GOVERNMENT BONDS
were strong and prices were higher than yostcr
day, Tho calling in of the $20,000,000 of C per
cents of ’62 has created a demand
for tho other daises of Cper cents on tho
list. The Treasury to-day paid out $2,200,000 gold
in redemption of'9*2o bonds, making the total
disbursements for this account $16,400,000. Cen
tral Pacific bonds closed at 103 1-4 to 1031-2;
Unions at 91 1-4 to 91 3-Bfor firsts; 781-2 to 79 for
land grants; 82 to 841-2 for incomes, and 27 3-8 to
271-2 for stock.
THE MONEY MARKET
in the morning was 5 to G percent for government
and stock collaterals, respectively, but at the close
was In good demand at 7 per cent. Prime en
dorsed commercial paper passes at 6 to 9 per
cent.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
was dull at 108 7-8 to 109 for prime sterling.
THE STOCK MARKET,
with few exceptions, was strong, and advanced
all day, tho features being Oluos, Lake Shore,
Pacific Afail, Centrals, Erie, and Union Pacific.
The market stood up full in tho face of tho uu
favorable hank statement, but it may have been
stimulated artificially, in order to enable tho
cliques to get rid of their stock. At the close,
however, prices were off a little in some stocks.
BREADSTUFFS.
Flour was in light demand, hut mostholdcrs de
clined to make concessions to sell tho low grades.
At the close, the market was better for Minnesota
and ’Wisconsin extras. Other grades were steady.
The wheat market was heavy, though holders were
firm. Tho market was strong for spring at tho
close, with u moderate inquiry for milling and
export, the firmness of holders checking the lat
ter. Corn was stronger and fairly active. The
demand was chiefly for export, though fair for
tho trade. New is much wanted.
[To tho Associated Press.]
SUPPRESSION OF THE INTERNATIONAL SUNDAY
At a meeting of tbo Board of Police to-day, the
following resolutions wero adopted:
Heeolced, That the Superintendent bo directed
to notify tbo ollicers of the International Societies
of this city that tbe proposed parade of the socie
ties on Sunday next will not bo permitted on that
day. Tbo parade, or demonstration, if made,
must be on some other day of tbs week than Sun
day. Further, the Superintendent Is directed to
take tho necessary measures to prevent tho .par
ade on Sunday, in case tho societies persist in
parading on that day.”
New York, Dec. 9.—Tho members of the Inter
national Society to-day denounced the order pro
hibiting their parade to-morrow. Theyasked Che
Governor at, Albany, by telegraph, if they could
parade, but no response had been received up to
to-night. Tho parade will probably come off
some day next week.
At a meeting of tbo Internationalists to-night a
despatch was read from Governor Hoffman, say
ing that the law placed tho matter of parade hr
tbe bands of the police authorities. The
action of the authorities prohib
iting the procession Is strongly
denounced. There was much discussing about
changing the day for tho parade from Sunday, as
the specific objection of tho Police Commissioners
was on account of the day. A motion was car
ried to bavo u parade on Christmas day. Sub
sequently it was decided to refer the matter
to the Federal Council for approval. A member,
after tbe delivering of the violent denunciation
of tbo police authorities, expressed bis determina
tion to be present to-morrow at the place from
which the parade was to start, with his red flag
and sash, and march over tbo route himself.
CONNOLLY’S CASE.
Albany, December 9.—ln tbe opening of tho ar
gument before Judge Larucd.of the Supreme
Court, on an order to show cause wby the order
for the arrest of Richard B. Connolly, ex-Comp
troller, should not bo vacated or his ball bond
reduced, lion. S. G. Courtney, of tho counsel for
Connolly, read an affidavit of his
client in response to tho affidavit
of Beckham, on which the arrest was made. Con
nolly in tbe main denies tho allegations in Peck
ham’s affidavits, and sots forth that he did not
appoint Green collector througn any conscious
ness of guilt, or that ho was a party to any con
spiracy or collasiou. Ho also positively denies
that ho ever thought of leaving
the State orcountry. Hr. Strahan, of
the people, read an affidavit of tho Chief Clerk in
the Comptroller’s office, and others, showing that
Connolly and tho lato County Auditor, Watson,
were accustomed to hold private consultations.
Other affidavits were also read, showing
irregularity of tho accounts in the
Comptroller’s office. Hr. O’Conor produced
a portion of the vouchers which were not stolen,
known as the Keyscr claims, and to bo forgeries,
for the inspection of the Judge. Mr. Courtney
then proceeded with his argument, saying the
prosecution had given noovidenco of guiltagulnst
Connolly. They have not shown mat ho has
got a single cent of tho $3,000,000 al
leged to- have been stolen. There was
not a single allegation which would warrant tho
issuing or an order for Connolly’s arrest, unless
it is that he was about to abscond. Tho Chairman
of tho Committee of Seventy, and Sub-Com
mittee, after examination, could llnd nothing im
plicating Connolly. He concluded by appealing
to tho Judge to decide tills question without
regard to public clamor. Mr. O'Conor replying,
said he had found nothing to show that Mayor
Hall is not a vulgar thief. Further, he believed
if there was anything against Hall he would not
fly. He cau bo prosecuted at leisure. I believe,
however, that Tweed and Connolly would fly.”
lie continued, referring at lougth to the circum
stances of the frauds and Connolly's connection
therewith. He criticized Connolly’s affidavit, de
claring that its denials were too general, and
thought it should be disregarded. He thought his
honor should postpone the case a week and ap
point a referee in New York to teat all evidence.
Connolly should be held on two grounds—urst,
inouflicicucy in answer; second, because ho
is guilty of neglect. Wm. A. Beach, on behalf
of Connolly, next addressed the court. Ho said
Hull, who was equally guilty, was not proceeded
against, while Connolly was lodged in jail. Con
nolly’s affidavit was a full and satisfactory ans
wer. He denied the right of tho people of the
State to bring action to recover from tho County
of New York.
The Union Pacific Railroad Open.
Omaha, Dec. 9.—Tho Union Pacific Railroad
was cleared of all obstructions yesterday.
Yesterday nfternooon, at 3 o’clock, the last strip
of road shoveled ouc was between Red Buttes
anti Sherman, about sixty miles west of
Cheyenne, where tho snow had filled in
at tho of two largo snow-sheds.
In that vicinity there were cuts where
tho snow was from ten to twelve feet
deep, and it was necessary to draw tho
snow out in ears, as it was impossible t) shov
el it out on either side, on account of
the height of tho solid walls. Tho three
eastward-bound express passenger trains
arrived at Cheyenne at C o’clock last even
ing, with 300 passengers on board. Tho
trains will arrive in this city this afternoon be
fore 6 o’clock, provided no accident occurs. The
passengers will go east over tho Rock Island
Road. A large number of loaded freight cars arc
side-tracked on the road, and they will bo put in
motion to-day.
—M. Thiers has written a letter of congratula
tion to M. Jules Jauin, upon the speech made by
tbe latter on taking his scat at the Academic
last week. In this letter tho President expresses
a wish and a hope that tho Assembly will soon
remove back to Paris, and the government also.
Among tho Deputies the opinion is gaining
ground that the time has come when a return
might be made to the capital in safety.
—Tho Emperor of Russia has just issued a de
cree convoking the Diet of Finland at Helsingfors
on tho Ist of February, 1872. Since 1809, when
tho union with Russia was affirmed, there has
been only one session of the Diet—in 1803, when
it was called for the first time by a Russian Em
peror. There is no fixed lime for its sessions,
and the Emperor, as Grand Duke of Finland.-has
the right of convoking it or not, as suits his
pleasure. The coming session has caused much
excitement and interest in Finland, and tho
whole country is occupied with canvassing and
preparing for the elections.
STATE LEGISLATURES.
ILLINOIS.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
FEES AND SALARIES.
Springfield, Dec. 9.—Tho House Committee on
Fees and Salaries met yesterday evening and
made progress. They decided to give the Gover
nor SO,OOO and some other State officers SI,OOO, bat
the House -will cut them down to $3,000. Circuit
Court Judges are given $3,500. Asab-committce
was appointed to decide upon a system of stamps
for legal proceedings. They also settled the sal
ary of State’s Attorneys at SIOO, andjliied upon a
ew fees.
COOK COUNTY ABSENTEES.
The absentees from Cook County this morning
are: Xing, Galloway, Mason, Egan, Foss, Easter,
Hcafleld, Burley, Vocko, Humphrey, who was
granted leave, Dixon, Derickson, who was grant
ed leave, Brayton, and Campbell. Of course
Cook County legislation languishes, and nothing
can bo expected this year, no matter what is said
to hurry up matters..
THE SENATE REVENUE BILL.
The Senate Revenue Committee will probably
report back their bill early next week. It has
been gone over by the committee, and Messrs.
Madden it Hurd. The latter has made various
eflorts to modify the harsher provisions of that
bill, and to make it conform to the principles of
common sense in those sections whore it at pres
ent departs from thorn. But ho has been unsuc
cessful In about every instance. Owing to tbo
changes in the House bill, it does not now differ
materially from the Senate measure.
CHICAGO SIILIXARY OCCUPATION—MESSAGE FROM
THE GOVERNOR.
The second message of the Governor on Chicago
military occupation was received in both Houses
to-day, and in the Senate was sent to the Judici
ary Committee, and in the other body to a special
committee, of which Mr. Haines is Chairman.
WOMAN’S RIGHTS.
The House this morning reconsidered the bHI
granting leave to women to engage in trades and
professions on the ground that it exposed women
to militia and jury service. The bill does not nec
essarily' bear that construction, and if it did no
SberilT could summon them, and no militia officer
could call them out, aud the law would be opera
tive. But the fears of members that the Legisla
ture might pass a bill making women into men,
and that the law would operate and society he
revolutionized was so great that a reconsidera
tion carried. Tho real object of the bill was, it Is
asserted, to allow the appointment of women as
Notaries Public.
COOK COUNTY APPORTIONMENT.
There seems to bc sjmptoms of something like
harmony in the Cook County delegation on tho
apportionment question, aud nearly all of them
have signed a paper agreeing to support any plan
tho delegation will agree on.’ Now all that re
mains is for the delegation to agree. It is not
likely that many coonty members will, under any
circumstances, support Mason’s plan,by which the
county towns are greatly cat up.
LEGISLATIVE*
SENATE.
Springfield, Dec. 9.
ABSENTEES.
The Senate met at oa. m. Absentees. Bangs.
Bishop. Dore, Epler, Jewett, Kerr, McNulta, and
Woodard.
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
Mr. VAN DORSTON, from the Committee on
Revenue, reported back House bill 519, to restore
uniformity in the taxation of real and personal
property, with amendments, which were con
curred in.
Sir. UNDERWOOD, from the Commute on Cor
porations, reported back Senate bill 235, in rela
tion to bridges across rivers on the borders of
this State, recommending Its passage.
Mr. FULLER, from tbo Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back Senate bill 93, to pro
vide for the selection, etc., of jurors in courts of
record. Laid on tho table.
READING OF BILLS.
Several House bills wore read the drat and
second time.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
Honsc bill 7, for tho protection of farmers and
fruit-growers, was made tho special order for
Tuesday next at 10 a. in.
House bill 120, concerning bail In civil cases,
was made tho special order for Tuesday next at
3 p. m.
INCORPORATION OF CITIES, ETC,
Senate bill 178, relating to the incorporation of
cities and villages, was taken up. The committee
in charge reported forty-one amendments, many
of no material Importance. Opposition.however,
was manifested to an amendment striking out all
relating to the license for the sale of intoxicating
liquors, the effect of tho amendment being to
leave that matter in tho hands of Connells and
Boards of Trustees.
Mr. HOLCOMB offered an amendment to tho
report of the committee, striking out their pro
posed amendment.
The argument brought out the information
that tho amendment oi tho committee had been
agreed upon in joint session of the House and
Senate committees.
Mr. FULLER insisted that the Senate should
retain the original provisions of the bilVwhile
Mr. UNDERWOOD argued that if the Senate
could not get the best, it ought to take whntit
could; finally closed by opposing any restriction
of tho privileges of citizens, especially that por
tion of his constituents of European birth, re
garding the right to use liquor as best suited
them.
Mr. REDDICK compared Mr. Underwood’s
speech to Gabriel Ravers tlght-ropo walking, first
on one side and then on another. The correct
principle to bo carried out was to leave the mat
ter in tbo hands of the people, and not entrust it
to agents.
Mr. ALEXANDER advocated tho amendment
to the report.
Mr. YORIB opposed Mr.Holcomb’s amendment,
for the reason that tho liquor trade would in time
regulate itself.
On motion of Mr. EOSALL, the bill was made
the special order for Wednesday next, at ll a. m.
COMMUNICATION.
EXECUTIVE
A communication from tbo Governor transmit
tiuga special message regarding the military occu
ilon of Chicago, was received and read at length
ami referred to the Committee on Judiciary.
Adjourned to Monday at 3:30 p, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
r EMINENT DOMAIN BILL.
The Eminent Domain bill came up as the spe
cial order.
Mr. NELSON moved all bills on this subject
be made tbo special order for Wednesday morn
ing. Agreed to.
DILINQUENT TAXES.
The bill providing for the sale of property in
cities for delinquent taxes, was taken up and
sundry amendments offered, one being that tbo
collector should pay over receipts every night.
Bill sent to Judiciary Committee,
BURNT RECORDS.
Mr. HAINES presented a bill to provide for re
storing evidence of title, &c.. which was referred
to the Committee on Burnt Records.
JUSTICES’ COURTS.
Mr. CARY*, from tho Committee on the Judi
ciary, reported back a bill to provide for holding
Justice Courts, with tbe recommendation that
the enacting clause bo stricken out.
Mr. CASEY’, of Jefferson, opposed the report,
which was finally concurred in.
REVENUE BILL.
The Revenue bill came up as the special order.
On account of Mr. Short’s necessary absence tho
bill was postponed till Tuesday afternoon.
HILLS REPORTED RACK.
Mr. CARY, from the Judiciary Committee, re
ported back some bills with various recommenda
tions, which were concurred in.
RIGHTS OF WOMEN.
Mr. LEE called up his motion to reconsider the
vote passing the bill extending tho lights of wo
men.
The question whether it was in order was much
discussed.
Mr. LEE claimed that no member nad more
jealous regard or tender affection for women than
he, though ho had given no practical proof of it.
Ho was willing to extend their sphere of opera
tions and open all avenues to them. Ho had In
troduced a 1)111 which gave them more privileges,
but made them liable to common lawsuits, but
Ibis one made women liable to jury and
duty, for it made them liable to all tho duties and
penalties of men.
A message was received from tho Governor,
transmitting correspondence with tho President,
etc., relative to tho action of General Sheridan at
the lime of the Chicago lire.
Mr. HAINES opposed the reconsideration in a
long and entertaming speech.
Mr. NELBON spoke in favor of tho motion to
reconsider, judging that tho bill would make a
revolution in human society, and favoring tho
motion on behalf of tho women of Illinois.
The motion to reconsider was earned—yeas, GO;
nays, 35.
GOVERNOR’S MESSAGE.
The message of the Governor was read.
Mr. MILLER, of Bt. Clair, moved that 5,000
copies bo printed.
Mr. MAYO moved to make It 15,000.
Mr. miller wanted a largo number dis
tributed, since a great principle was involved. It
was claimed that there were two sides, and if so,
they should let tho people have information.
Mr. HAINES suggested that tho message bo
scut to the Special Committee ou the Message.
He moved to print as many as of the original
message. If they ordered less they presented a
false impression to the people.
Mr. MILLER accepted Mr. Mayo’s amendment.
Mr. PHELPS wanted that the message he sent
to the Committee ou Federal Relations.
Sir. BROWN, of Massac, moved to print 10,000
copies. Lost.
The printing of 15,000 was ordered.
Mr. SHELDON opposed dividing ux> messages
between two committees.
Mr. PHELPS urged bis motion.
NEW RILLS.
The message was referred to tho special com
mittee.
Mr. MILLER, of Madison, offered a bill in re
gai d to cartways, roads and bridges, in counties
not under township organization.
Mr. RYAN offered a bill to cstabllshtho salaries
of Judges of local inferior courts in cities of less
than 6,(X0 people.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL LANDS.
A resolution calling on the Governor for Infor
mation as to what means had been employed to
assert tbo right of the State to tux-tho Illinois
Central Janus and bring it before tho Snoremo
Court, was offered by Mr. DORNBLASEB, and
passed.
THE ESTRATS.
The Senate bill prohibiting stock animals run
ning at large, was reported back from the com
mittee, with an amendment, which was concurred
in, and the bill seat to the committee.
CHICAGO REFORM SCHOOL.
The bill for the transfer of the boys In tho Chi
cago Reform School to the oueat Pontiac, was
read a first time.
OTHER NEW RILLS.
Mr. TIOOT offered a bill to enable life, lire and
marine Insurance companies to retire from busi
ness aud withdraw their securities. Reada first
time and sent to the Insurance Committee.
Senate lull in regard to mills and dams and mill
tolls; read alirst time.
Bill in relation to roads and cartways in coun
ties not under township organization was road a
first time.
Tho bill to protect contractors and sob-contrac
tors on railroads was read a second timo and sent
to tho Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MILLER, of Kano, Introduced a bill to
amend an act for incorporating societies to im
prove the breed of domestic animals.
CANADA THISTLES.
Tho Committee on Agriculture reported back
the Senate bill in relation to Canada thistles, with
the recommendation that it pass. Reada second
timo.
MORE NEW BILLS.
Mr. WRIGHT offered a bill giving women all
tho rights of men, except to vote, hold office or
serve ns jurors.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM offered a bill regulating
the manner of electing officers of incorporated
companies.
Mr. ROLLS presented a bill to provide for tbe
redemption of personal property sold at forced
sale. Adjourned^.
CALIFORNIA.
Sacramfsto, Cal., Dec. B.—Newton Booth was
inaugurated. Governor with imposing ceremonies
at noon to-day;. The Inaugural address took
strong grounds In favor of legislative action in
reducing and regulating fares on the Pacific
Rnilroaos; to repeal the law permitting cotm
ties to give fire per cent subsidies to railroads;
tlie admission of colored children to the public
schools; and Congressional action to restrain
Chinese immigration, but giving the Chinese
full protection from violence, ami the rights to
testify in the courts.
The Republican Senatorial caucus was held
this evening in the Assembly Chambers. After
an organization and the indulgence of some little
debate, it was adjourned until Tuesday next,
ihe contest will be very hot. Cole and Sargent
being tlie most prominent candidates.
imported cigars.
LEWIS MOSS,
Xa/e trith Staufou A' Co,,
473 AV abash-av.,
EXCLUSIVELY GENUINE
HAVANA SESARS
OF OWN IMPORTATION.
Druggists, Grocers, the trade in general, and
consumers will find the largest and most com*
plete stock in the West, at prices as low as any
importing house in the United States.
Continually on hand, the following brands, in their
vazinus styles and grades, always fresh and replen
ished by every Havana steamer:
Partagas, Cabanas, Flor de Marias,
Espanolas, Intimidad, Figaro,
Antignedad, Rosa, Legitimidad,
La India, Meridiana, La flor Diaz,
Martinez, Viliar y Villar, Henry Clay,
Upman, Golden Eagle, Escepcion,
Spirit of the Times, Flor del Fnmar
Sole and direct agent for the celebrated brand
BOUQUET DE TABACCOS.
LA DANCEI.LA, round and pressed. Genuine Ma
nilla Scgars and llonrudez Cigarettes.
Orders by mail promptly tilled C. O. D. Send for
price lint,
I sell none but genuine Havana Secars of own Im
portation. LEW IS MOSS,
47.* Wabash-av.
Agent for Smith. Crosby Co.. New York.
WORSTED GOODS.
BURKITT&SUTTON
253 West Madison-st.,
Corner Sangamon,
Have now,a fall line of HOSIER? ia
fflen’s, Women’s, and Children’s;
MDBIfIS, in white and colors; ZE
PHYR WORSTEDS; YARN, in blue,
mixed and colors; Hand-knit Scarfs,
Hoods, Shawls, Leggins, Mittens, &o.
Slippers, Ottomans, Camp Chairs,
Towel Racks, and other goods suita
ble for
Christmas Presents.
TTEW PUBLICATIONS.
A NEW BOOK.
By the author of "Dorothy Fox."
JOHN THOMPSON,
Eto cimii.ia,
AND COMPANION PORTRAITS.
By LOUISA PARR, author of Dorothy Fox,” etc.
12mo„ with frontispiece; extra cloth, $1.75.
The great success of “Dorothy Fox” has estab
lished Mrs. Parr's reputation as a popular writer of
fiction, and the present volume will secure for her
hosts of friends. There is a charm In these lifelike
‘•Portraits” that cannot fall to fascinate every intel
ligent reader.
RTFor sale by all Booksellers, or will bo sent by
mail, postage paid, on receipt of price by
J. B. LIPPLVCOTT H CO., Publishers,
715 anil7l7 Sfarkot-st.. Philadelphia.
LARD.
REFINED LARD!
ALSO WISTEE-STEALTED
!LARI> OII*S,
SIG^NAIL,
AND MACHINERY OILS.
We are prepared to supply Lire trade with /foods of
onr manufacture promptly, and at lowest market
rates. Address FAIRBaNK, DECK CO.,
Office and works. Eighteenth and Blackwell-sts.
BUSINESS CARDS.
MEAD HIGGINS,
Wholesale Grocers,
204 206 West Wasblngton-st.,
Offer a full line of goods at very
low prices.
Call and see us.
GAGE BROS. GO.
WHOLES ALB
MUjIiINERY,
061 Indiana-av,, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first-sts.
STORAGE.
THORNE «Sc 00. 9
Ham and Storage Warehouse,
UNION STOCK VARUS.
fST Liberal advances made on provisions in store.
EAGLE IRON FOUNDRY,
(Established in 1840,)
SAMUEL J. CRESWELL, Jr.,
812,814,816, and 818 Race-sL,
PHILADELPHIA,
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, Lintel*, Columns, etc.,
etc. Light and heavy Water Pipes, Sinks, etc. Fire
Doors, Bars, and Bakers’ Oven Castings, etc. Old
castings of all descriptions.
THE ILLINOIS IKON WORKS,
Corner of Well* and Von Boren-ats.,
have reopened their business again, and are prepared
to take orders for ventilators, shutters,
tngs, stairs, and all kinds of building work. Particu
lar attention will bo paid to the manufacturing of
screw-lock* derrick* etc. BOLTER. Proprietor.
fM A 1 COM SVBYfifOR.
S. S. GRESES?,
864 ‘Wabash-av.
GILBERT R. SMITH,
BROKER,
JVo. 17 IFarmon-conrt.
TOYS.
Vergho, RuMing Co.’s Retail Store,
034 State-at.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
99 S. Clinton-st., Chicago.
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge bnildlng.
CORI, BARRETT RAMA,
Brokers and dealers In Drags, Paints, Oils, and
dow Glass; Carbon OU, Naphthas, 74“ and &3 Qasoim*
for lamps and gas machines.
188 Qtlchlgon-ar., lake f ron»t
comer of Adao* s-8^
globe foendbv,
76 and 78 Illinols-st-, corner of N«rtU Franklin.
Building machinery and othcr maile
dor. Pulleys, 10. 12. 14,18.18.20. 21.33 ™,3._mcu, any
desired width of face. Grate bars aud^tat. eddy!
MSSOLUTiOIfNOTICES.
The copartnership heretofore existing- un
der the firm name of Morris Ingraham is
this day dissolved by mutual consent. A
debts and liabilities will be settled byN. J.
Morris 00., comer Madison-st. and Union
Park N. J. MORRIS.
Kov. 10, 1871. J. HTQ-BAHAM.
DRESS GOODS.
Chas. Gossage
Co.
(Snereator* to Boat A floatage.)
We are opening’ and offering daily
choice selections of
“Rich Dress Goods,”
In Plaids, Velours, Empress Cloths, Silk
Diagonals, Wool Serges, Satines, Biarritz,
Printed Cashmeres, Cashmere Babes,
Merinos, etc., etc.
“laces Embroideries.”
Rich laces and lace Sets, Embroidered
Collars, Sets, and Hdkfs,, Mourning Sets,
Fancy Ties, Ribbons, Bows, Raman
Sashes, in great variety.
“Cloaks Shawls.”
Velvet, Seal, Cloth, and Astrachan
Cloaks and Sacqnes; Broche, Ottoman,
Plaid and Travelling Shawls.
“Suits Dresses”
On hand and made to order at shortest
notice.
“Elegant Furs”
In Sets, Boas, Mnffs, and Sacqnes, of
Alaska Sable, Mink, and Astrachan.
“Hosiery Underwear”
Of the test English manufacture. Gloves,
for ladies, Gentlemen, and Children.
Sole Agents for the
“Harris Kid Glove.”
Gents’ I. C. Hdkfs., in dozen and half
dozen boxes; Nubias, Jackets, Scarfs,
and other knit goods.
“Housekeeping; Goods”
Of selected manufacture, in our usual
complete assortment.
''Prices Always 1 Lowest.”
Tnspection Solicited.
235 237
WEST HIA®ISOM-ST.
(Formerly at 100 103 State, 50 &53 Washing ton-sts.)
FIELD, LETTER CO.
State and Twenlielh-sts.,
Dave replenished their principal stock with
many bargains, and invite special examination
of new and attractive styles of Dross Goods, 23c,
5Cc, and upward. Handsome Black. Plain Color,
and Fancy Silts much helow market prices,
many attractions in Real Point Daces, marked
down, a fall assortment of ladies' L. C. Hdkfs,,
including some handsome initiaUed, at reduced
prices, some desirable styles of Gents’ H. S. and
initialled, a job lot of Ladies’ Hfs, marked at
cost, to close, a few bountiful boxes containing
1-2 doz. Ladies’ or Gents’ Hdkfs., from $3.50 to
SS, and a splendid assortment of Berlin Em
broideries, containing many novelties never be
fore imported, and weU adapted to the Holiday
season.
State and Twentieth-sts.
FROFES SIGNAL.
MEDICAL&EIECTRICAI LWITUTE,
Before the lire at 139 Wabash-av., now at
NO. 123 CALTJHET-AV., CHICAGO.
Tills is truly a home of modern improvements. full
of comforts for the invalid, and the best medical ami
electrical means known in the profession used. For
reference sent! lor a circular.
JUSTIN HAYES, M. D..
Resilient Physician.
MIS OEIiDANE DUS.
Hard Wood Lumber.
OGLESBEE MATTINGLY
Hare removed their stock of lumber from
769 South Canal-st. to the corner of Canal and Eight
eenth-sts., and have now on hand a full stock of all
kinds of hard-wood lumber, including flooring. Oak.
ash. whitewood. hickory and elm bills cut to order.
F. M.. HAMILTON, Agent, comer Canal and Eight
eenth-sts.
OLD IRON.
One Thousand Tons wanted. Safes made a spe
cialty. SEVAN GIBBS,
Rear idlTliinl ar.. Chicago.
TTTVTH TABLE.
Arrival and Departnre of Trains,
WINTER ARRANGEMENT
mich. Central Sc Great Western Kail way.
Depot—Foot of Twenty-secoud-st. Ticket office, 7f
Cana!-at., comer Madison.
Leave. ArrtTA
Wall OStmidn and afpllTifl), <M3ft m Bro7plß
Fast New York Express W3 a a 7:47 p m
Jackson Accommodation (daily) p m 10:32 a a
At. Ex. (daily) via Air 1ine...... &23 p m 7U7 a m
Night Emresa. *»W3 p m $417 a a
A Saturdayexcepted. Sunday excepted. Monday
excepted. HENRY o. WENTWORTH,
Genera. Passenger Agent.
Illinois Central.
On and after Nov. 12,1571, and until uxther notice,
passenger trains will leave and arriveat Depot, loot oi
Twenty-eecond-st., as follows:
_ Leave. Arrive.
St. Louis Express 9:30 am 8:50 p m
Bt. Louis Fast Line... ......t 7:10 pm 7:10 am
Cairo Mail 9:3oam B^opm
Cairo Express 7:lopm 7JO a m
Springfield Express 9:3oam 8.-50pm
Springfield Express t 7:ltam 7:loam
Keokuk Passenger. t 7JO pm 7Joam
Gilman Passenger. 5:35 pm «WO a m
Hyde Park and Qak Woods. 6:2oam 723 am
do do do .—..*12:30 pm WO a m
do do do .—*3:lo pm 125pm
do do do &2Spm 6:ospm
do do do w 6:2opm 7:23nm
•Sundays excepted. t Saturdays excepted
Chicago, Rock Island Sc Pacific Railroad*
Depot—Corn er Van Boren and Sherman-sta.
Ticket Office—33 West Madison-st.
Pacific Express ...-10.00am faan
Peru Accommodation 4:30 p m "9:45 a m
Pacific Express *10:00pm t/.-OOam
Leavenworth Express *l(H)oam *4:10 pm
An elegant parlor sleeping car is qttiWiM to the kfcos
a. to. train running through to QomiHi uinff* and
Omaha.
Chlcogo and Alton Railroad—Chicago, Alton
st. Loals Through Lino and Louisiana, .Ho.,
new Short Roate between Chicago and Kn*.
iom City.
Union Depot—West Side, sear Madison-st brldgs.
Leave, Arrive.
StLoslaA Springfield Ex., via
Main Line. *9ds a m *3d» p a
Kansas City fast Ex via Jackson.
ville, 111, and Lonaiana, N0..*9:1* a m *i3o p a
Wenona, Lacon Washington
Ex. (Western Division) *iklsam pa
Joliet Accommodation....... p m *3:loa m
St. Louis* Springfield MgM Ex.
via Main Line f&3O p a *A3O p a
St. &sprinflflelil Lightning
Vain Line, and also
S Jacksonville Division.... 49:00 p a 1705 ft a
TTnnßnn citv V T via Jacksonville
Ilf and Mo 49:00pm |7os»m
•Except Sunday, ton Sundav nm»toSpringflsld
only; Saturday. {Daily. Except Monday.
Lake Shore* Michigan Southern Railway*
DSPoT —Corner of Folk and Sherman-sta.
Ticket Office, southwest cor. Madison and Canal-sta.
6:4oam ShOO p m
Snecial New York Express. am too pa
Atlantic Express (dally) 6:lspm 7(3oam
Night Express. *f%oopa *46*o am
Chicago, .Burlington Sc Quincy Railroad
Ticket Office in Briggs House, Lcor. Canal and m-**.
iscn-sts. Depot cor. of Indlana-av. and Sixteenths
Miland Express 7:3oam idspa
pacific Fast Line ..10:43am *3*opm
Galeebnrg Passenger...... 3.-00p m aaop m
Mendota A Ottawa Passenger.* pm Shss a a
Aurora Passenger. &30pm B:3oam
PacificMehtExpress ..f 9K»pm 4 7:45 am
Downer's Grove Accommodation 10:00 a m 1:30 p m
Downer's Grove Accommodation* IAS pm 6:13 p»sa
Downer's Grove Accommodation* 6-13 pm 7:lsam
Riverside and Hinsdale. 6£6 am 9:35 a m
•Sundays excepted. tSatardavs exoepted. tMondarf
executed.
Chicago* Danville Sc Vincennes Railroad*
Milwaukee Dktot—Corner C ftn *i and Klnzie streets
West Side. Freight Office at C., C.AI.C. Co.'s
office, corner and Carroll streets.
Evansville «t Torre Haute Kxpre33.7:oo am P
Memcnce Accommrdatioa iMpm K-joam
Chicago Kallway.
Ticket corner of Clark an*
-Mt;
«i(V43 a m *8:15 pni
JSja »»»m
Clinton Passenger..
Pacific last line
Pacific night express.....
Fort Dodge and Damans p m
express *9:00 p m S
Slocx City and rnnajae ex—
Milwaukee *9HS a a J
&h
Qreenßay enreaa. *J£S 5 *SJO a k