2
HEW YORK.
Tfte Internationals to Hare Their Pro
cession on Sunday Jfext.
The Doings of Emigrant Rohhers,
and How They Escape
Justice.
Reports Concerning the Condi
tion of the Suspended
Banks.
Daily Review of the Leading
Markets,
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
AN EMIGRANT ROBBER ESCAPES PUNISHMENT.
Kew York, Dec. 14.—The surrender of Charles
Moore, the chief and worst of the emigrant rob
bers, was effected by a compromise very closely
resembling compounded felony. His bondsman
was about to be prosecuted, and bail recovered,
when the bondsman sent word, through ©x-Aider
man John Moore, to the fugitive thief that he
must return. John Moore applied to Commis
sioner of Emigration Willey Wallach to get the
witness Kornach out of the way, offering to re
pay the money stolen by his brother from the
poor German. Wallach refused to make a bar
gain by which Kornach was to agree to not ap
pear as a witness, hut secured the money for
him. Subsequently, however, an officer of the
Supreme Court appeared at Ward’s Island,
and took Kornach into custody on a writ of
habeas corpus sued out by Moore’s friends, and
granted by Judge Cardozo. This official declined
to Lear the case when the poor emigrant was
brought before him, and, determined to involve
others in the act, sent him before Judge Ingraham,
where ho was detained over night. Moore’s
friends prevailed on him to leave town and not
appear against the villain who had robbed him.
The next day Judge Ingraham discharged Kor
nach. He received the money Commissioner
Wallach had secured for him, and $25 additional
as allowance for his detention by the court,
and left at once for Indianapolis. As
soon as the witness was gone the thief made his
appearance and was placed in custody. When
he comes up for trial there will of course bo no
witness against him, and he will bo turned loose
to reorganize his gang of thieves and prey upon
ignoraut emigrants.
STREET CAB CONDUCTORS DISCHARGED.
A number of street car conductors have declar
ed that they have been discharged for trying to
be honest, and no doubt they tell tho truth. They
say no conductor can keep his place unless ho
enter into a compact with other employes to
cheat tho company. A conductor must pay a
certain sum every week to tho starter, the driver,
and others, otherwise they will prevent him
from getting tho average number of passengers,
and then he is discharged because ho is believed to
steal fores. The practice of knocking down is
universally practised. Tho companies lose prob
ably $500,c00 a year by dishonest employes, who
declare they must consent to steal to retain their
place, as on all the car lines rings of rogues are
formed for systematic fraud. Tho conductor re
ceives only SSO to SCO a month, and must steal to
pay what other employes demand of him as their
share of the plunder. Thieves are in the habit of
getting on the cars, refusing to pay their fare,
and insisting on insulting women and robbing
men. If the conductor tries to prevent this, he Is
lither badly beaten or the thieves, who are
usually ward politicians, complain of his imperti
nent interference to his employers, and ho is dis
missed.
THE BANK FAILURES.
There was a determined attempt made to-day
by stockjobbers to get up a panic on the strength
of the failures of the Ocean, Union Square, and
Eighth National Banks. The report was industri
ously circulated that the Tenth National and the
Bank of the Commonwealth were about to break.
Matters were complicated by someof the brokers
refusing to take checks on these hanks. At the
Clearing House the settlements of all the banks
were promptly made, which was the best possible
denial of the injurious statements. The
Tenth National is a Ring bank,
but its officers assert that it is
thoroughly sound. Tho Union Square and Eighth
National Bank failures are bad. Their officers
stated to-day that their stoppage is final. The
Union Square will pay its depositors in full
within sixty days, and the stockholders CO per
cent. Mr. Callender, the Government Bank Ex
aminer, was suspended to-day by the Comptroller
of the Currency.
STOCKS.
The reports of the bank failures bad the de
sired effect on the stock market, and down it
went with a rush. A prominent operator sold
about 40,000 shares, mostly of lake Shore, but also
of Wabash and Western Union* The sales
are oflong stock, which are said to have netted
about 4 per cent profit; Lake Shore declined 2 7-S
percent; Pacific Mail, 2 5-8; Western Union,2l-2;
Erie, 2 per cent; St. Paul (common), 2 1-2 per
cent, and the rest of the list from l-a to 11-2 per
cent. There was an active business transacted in
Lake Shore, Ohio Mississippi. Western Union*
and Pacific Mail. In the afternoon the market
rallied somewhat, but closed weak and feverish.
The government bond market was firm through
out the day. Central Pacific gold bonds closed at
103 to 103 1-8; Union Pacific stock, 26 1-2 to 26 6-8
first mortgages, 901-2 to 91; land grants, 78 3-8 to
79, and incomes 81 to 83.
SUB-TREASURY DISBURSEMENT.
The Secretary disbursed to-day,for the redemp
tion of 5-20 bonds, $050,000, making tho total to
date $19,230,000.
THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE MARKET
was firm and advanced. Prime bankers’ sixty
days’ sterling hills were quoted at 1091-8 to
1091-4.
GOLD.
The gold market was dull, opening at 109 3-8,
declining to 109, advancing to 1091-2, and closing
at 3p.m. at 109 3-8. The rates paid for carrying
were 0,3 3-4,7, and 5 per cent After the board
adjourned the quotations were 10914a109 3-8. The
Assistant Treasurer received bids for gold
amounting to $4,535,000, at prices ranging from
103 2SI-2-100ai09 38-100, and tho awards of $1,000,-
000 were made at 109 S5-300al0S 231-2-100.
MONEY.
There was a very perceptible relaxation in tho
stringency of the money market in the morning,
it being evident that tbe money which has been
locked up was coming out. The rates arc cto 7
per cent on call. In the afternoon the case was
partly neutralized by the calling of loans by tho
Broadway Bank, to prepare for the payment of
the city-revenue bonds maturing to-morrow, and
the closing rates were 7to 71-2 per cent gold.
DRY GOODS.
The chief feature in tho dry goods market is
the firmness in prices of domestic cotton goode,
and the disposition toadvaneethem. Tne trade gen
crallyis dull as usual at this season, hut the leading
jobbers report orders and sales quite equal in
amount to those of last year. The importers are
doing very little except through the auction
rooms.
BREADSTUFFS.
Flour was in limited demand, but there was
little pressure to sell, as It is relatively cheaper
lhan wheat. At the close the market was quiet
for the low grades, but firm for choice family
brands. Holders of wheat declined to yield to
sell freely. The arrivals were light, and freights
easier. Buyers were holding off, too. The de
mand was chiefly for milling. Com was freely
offered, and was easier, especially for new Ohio*
Old closed ta me.
[To the Associated Press
THE SUSPENDED OCEAN BANE.
New York, Dec. 14.—The Deceiver of the Ocean
Bank has paid $oo f ooo of the sum due tho Clearing
House, and.will pay the balance to-morrow. Ho
Believes S2CC,OOO of the $320,000 discountedbills is
good.
The committee appointed by the Clearing House
Pave made a thorough examination of the affairs
•iud condition of the National Bank of the Com
monwealth, and report said bank as perfectly
Fid vent, and they have entire confidence in tho
ability of the bank to pay all liabilities.
SETTLEMENT MADE.
The cotton firm of Wm. P, Wright settled to
day on a basis of 76 cents on the dollar, and will
resume shortly.
PERSONAL.
TljfO.uiroiiniet General WroWo-wski 11.13 arrived
here from Palis.
SMALL-POX. r
Tbe small-pox is now said to bo epidemic in
Brooklyn.
Tin* challenge of Tom Kelley to Joe Coburn, for
a prize light, is published.
THE INTERNATIONALS.
At a special meeting of tho Board of Police
Commissioner* this afternoon, a resolution was
passed rescinding the order which directed the
Superintendent to prevent tho parade of the In
ternational Society ou Sunday, and another reso
lution was adopted instructing the Superintend
ent to take the necessary measures to prevent a
Breath of the peace on the occasion of such pro
cession, and toprotect the public from disorder
and violence.
MISS CLAFLIN IN COURT,
This afternoon Miss Tennie C. Clufiln appeared
sit the Jefferson Market Court, and complained
to Justice Shandley that her father and mother
■were a source of continual annoyance to her and
Mrs. WoodhulL Bho complained specially that
thev went to her residence on Wednesday cven
jng*last, and created great disturbance. Justice
Phuudley issued a summons for their appearance
tomonow morning to answer to the charge of
their daughter.
FURTHER AID TOR CHICAGO.
The amount realized by the sale of Alexander
White’s collection of paintings from Chicago was
$91,000.
DUCAL BENEVOLENCE.
The Grand Duke Alexia has contributed $5,000
to the poor of New York; itis understood that be
hna Clven ie.fOOfor tlie poor of Boston, and that
bo will add SO,OOO to the Chicago relief fund.
CONNOLLY’S BAIL.
It Is consdered probable that the Supremo
bai^^ aD^"’ decide to reduco Con-
ILLINOIS.
Annual Meeting of the Illinoi* State Hor
ticultural Society—Third Day’s JProceed
“S* —Election of Officers*
Special Despatch to the Chicago Tribnno.
Jacksonville, Dec. 14.—The Illinois state Hor
ticultural Society met for its third day’s work,
this morning at 9 o’clock, and after prayer by the
Eev. N.P. Heath, of the Centenary Methodist Epia*
copal Church, proceeded to the election of officers
for the ensuing year, with the following result: J.
E. Starr, of Madison County, President O. B
Galusha, of Hrundy County, Secretary H J
Dunlap, of Champaign County. Assistant Sucre-*
Uiry; Jonathan Huggins, of Macoupin County
Trrasurer; Samuel Edwards, of Bureau. A. G
Humphrey, of Knox, Ellas Daczv*
of Douglass, B. PuUen, of Marion, Jmiu
Tearsou. of Madison, and Judge
Brown,of Pulaski, Vico Presidents.
The next business In order was that of fixing
the time and place of holding the next annual
the Society. A vote was taken upon
the question as to the place of holding the meet
ing. with tlie following result: Centralla, 31;
Quincy, 20; Bloomington, 11; Pekin, 6; and Free
port, 2. As soon as the vote was announced, a
motion was made and carried authorizing the
Secretary to cast the entire vote of the society
for Ccntraho. Quincy might have been selected
but for the statement made by Mr.
£aggy, that the Toledo, Vabash
estem Eailway refused to convey members to
and from the meeting here at reduced fares, and
that, therefore, the meeting should not he hold at
any point on that road. The next annual meet
ing of the society was fixed to be held, beginning
on the second Tuesday of December, 1872.
J. V. Fletcher, of Centralia, Vico President for
the Fifth District, and H. J. Hyde, of Godfrey,
Vice President for the Sixth District, made their
reports. The forenoon’s session closed with a re
port from the committee ad interim on peaches
and pears, by Judge A. M. Brown, of Villa
Ridge, and the discussion of considerable length
which the report elicited.
The afternoon’s session was opened by reports
from the Standing Committee on Ornithology, by
Jonathan Periam, of Chicago; G. W. Minler, of
Minier, and J. E. Starr, of Alton, followed by re
ports of the Standing Committee on Ornamental
and Timber Trees, made by Samuel Edwards, of
Samolllc, and* George Vasey, of Normal, with a
report of the Standing Committee on Fruit Pack
ers, made by P. R, Wright, of South Pass.
The evening has been wholly given to listening
to a lengthy, finished, appropriate and most en
tertaining address upon Landscape Gardening
and Rural Adornment, delivered by William Greg
ory. Regent of the Illinois Industrial University,
at Champaign.
To-morrow the meeting of the society closes.
MICHIGAN.
Obifnar; —Defamation Casa In Detroit.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
Detroit, Dec. 14.—8. J. Stevenson, a prominent
citizen of this city, and in 1858 our Comptroller,
died very suddenly last night of heart disease.
Charles Stonge, Alderman-elect of the Tenth
Ward, having testified before an Investigating
committee last night that Aldermen Welch and
Wilmot, of the present Council, had offered to se
cure him paving contracts on tho payment of
money, the latter have to-day commenced suit
against him for defamation of character.
A HUSBAND MISSING.
Letter from a Lady in England Regarding Her
Missing Husband.
The following letter from a distressed wife, who
desires information of her husband, supposed to
have been iu Chicago at tho time of tho great con
flagration, and who has not since communicated
with her, was received at tho Mayor’s office ves
terdaj, and is published In the hope that it may
attract his attention:
Hon. B. B. Jflason, Mayor of Chicago:
Dear Sin: "Will yon kindlv pardon tho liberty I Lake
in writing, to ask a favor or you. My only excuse Is
my deep distress and painful anxiety for tno safety of
one near and dear to me. It has been suggested to mo
that others, sharing a common sorrow, have appealed
to you, and not in vain, for such information as you
might be able to give of missing relatives and friends.
Mv husband was in Chicago on tho evo
of* her terrible dessolatton, and since
that date I have no communication
from him—no knowledge of Ids fato. I have used the
only means in my power to ascertain what has become
of him, but without success. Can von advise me In
any way Be so good as to tell mo is there any official
list published of the names of those who aro knotm to
have perished in tho terrible calamity. My husband
had no fixed residence at Chicago ho had been travel
ling South, and l do not oven know whether
he was stopping in a hotel or a boarding
bouse. My letters were addressed to Idm, care of Post
Office Box 522, Chicago— (tho name James Waldron).
The only person who could have given me any infor
mation concerning my husband I am unable to com
municate with, not knowing where ho now is, tf in,
deed ho is alive: and this was Mr. John Joseph West
commission a eent; and any information with regard
to him would be most acceptable to mo. An answer
from you will be esteemed a great kindness. I am,
sir, vours faithfully, AMV WaLPRON.
gOiaiixgton, Taunton, Eng.
FIRE AND WATER.
A Row of Buildings on Michigan Avenue Par
tially Burned and tbelr Contents Soaked.
A destructive lire occurred on tho South Side,
yesterday afternoon—the first of any consequence
since the big one of October 9. It broke out in
922 Michigan avenue, one of a row of two-story
frame buildings, embracing Nos. 922, 924, 92C,
92C1-2,928,930, and 932. Smoke was observed is
suing from tbe roof of the first mentioned one by
a person passing by, and an alarm from Box No.
47. brought the department to tho scene. The fire
being between the roof and the ceiling, was very
difficult to get at. .and, consequently, tho flames
ran beneath the roof of the entire block before
they were effectually subdued, which was not ac
comx’lishcd until all the buildings were badly
damaged, and their contents soaked with water.
The total loss will he about $5,000, which is cover
ed by insurance.
No, 922 is owned and occupied by Mrs. Talcott.
Damage to house and furniture, $800: Insured for
$4,000 m the Brooklyn.
No. 924 is owned by Mrs. M. Montgomerv; loss
$400; insured. William Day occupied it; damage
to furniture $300; insured.
f No. 926 is owned by Frank Larnard loss, $500;
insured. It was occupied by F. W. Madden;
damage to furniture $300; insured.
No. 9261-2 is owned and occupied by C. Burrarte;
loss, $800; Insured for $4,000.
Nos. 928, 930 and 932 aro owned by A. H. Castle;
loss, $1,200. He occupied No, 928. Damage to
furniture $300; insured.
No. 930 was occupied by G. B, Tierney: loss,
§300; insured.
No. 932 was occupied by Mrs. S. S. Chapman.
Damage to furniture $350; insured-
Tho cause of tho lire was a defective chimney.
New Method of Life Assurance.
Among the objections to life assurance, as ordi
narily conducted, are urged tho facts that it is
more profitable to those dying early than of those
dying in old age, and that tho money invested
therein could not at any time be withdrawn and
the transaction terminated, except with serious
loss. To remove even the slightest grounds for
such objections, the Equitable Life Assurance
Society of the United States presents to tbe pub
lic a new method of life assurance, entitled tho
New Tontine Savings Fund Policy, tho chief dis
tinguishing feature of which tire briefly set forth
in an advertisement in another column of to-day’s
Tribune. In this the workings of the new plan
are illustrated by a calculation of probable re
sults on a policy of SIO,OOO at ordinary life rates,
showing clearly that, in the new Tontine plan.the
practical result is a blending of the savings bank
and the life assurance systems to a degree by
which accumulated profits are not wholly appro
priated by tho company,but are distributed among
policy-holders on terms tho most equitable and
liberal, without in any measure impairing the
soundness of the institution. It oilers especial
advantages to young people of good constitutions
and a reasonable probability of long life, by
whom the ordinary modes of life assurance are
regarded us a dead loss, or. at least, as paying
very dearly for that which, as the result proves,
might be more advantageously secured. Persons
intending to assure their lives, or to change their
plan of assurance, will find it well worth their
while to carefully examine into the now plan now
presented by the Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety. Documents, tables, and other interesting
details of explanation of tho system may ho ob
tained by application to tbe Secretary, No. 120
Broadway, New York, or to H. F. Jennlson, Gen
eral Agent, whoso office is at No. 683 Wabash ave
nue, in this city. Mr. Jennlson’s present quar
ters are but temporary, he having secured suit
able rooms in the new and magnificent Kendall
Building, corner of Washington and Dearborn
streets, which he will occupy on tho Ist of May
next.
Fire-Proof Hoofing,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sib Wo noticed, in yesterday’s Tribune, your
remarks concerning tlie x>atent continuous roofing
l>late imported by the If. G. Taylor Company
Philadelphia, and your advice to your readers to
corrc Spend -with these parties. We are selling
their goods in Chicago, and shall bo glad to sec
any parties interested in “fire-proof roofing,” and
will take pleasure in explaining the peculiar ad
vantages of this patent. Yours truly,
Ckagin Bros. Co.
Chicago, Dec. It.
The West Side.
For tho accommodation of their friends and the
public on tho West Side, Messrs. Roddln A Ham
ilton have opened, at No. 200 West Madison street,
under charge of Joseph Ruff, Jr., (late foreman in
the watch department of Giles Bros. A Co.), a
choice and beautiful stock of all the late novelties
in fine watches, jewelry, silverware, etc., selected
especially for the holiday trade. Mr. Ruff speaks
German ana French, and is reputed to bo ono of
tbe very best watchmakers in this country.
Something Unique.
It will well repay everybody to visit Sowell,
Welling Co.’s, No. 209 West Madison street.
They opened yesterday (Thursday) a large invoice
of some most charming Parian, lava, and fancy
goods, making ono of the most complete stocks
From which to select something to gladden the
heart of loved ones.
IJeßlrncilTC Fire at Jlnnwfield, O*
Mansfield. O..Dec. u.-Tho three-story brick
building on North Park street, owned.by H. C,
Hedges? was burned this morning about 3 o clock,
together with most of Its contents. The building
was occupied by J. D. Ruminell, baker and gro
cer Bell A Shamp. groceries J. Ritter son,
leather store; Shield d Banner, printing office.
Hedges A Chigstone, law office, and other smaller
offices. Part of tho stock on tho first
floor was saved. Tho Shield d- Ban
ner office lost all except their books
The total loss ou the building and stock is $23,030
to $30,000. The insurance was in Ohio and Be w
York companies. John Klein, Jr., and a Miss
Matthers, were instantly killed while removing
goods from an adjoining frame building, occupied
os a residence and saloon by John Matchers,
by the west wall of the brick ouilding falling on
them. Harry Sutherland was seriously injured,
and two others received severe bruises.
CHICAGO ORPHAN ASYLUM.
Annual meeting of Director* Lut EreDlng-
Itcport* of the Secretary* Steward, and Pres
ident—Financial Condition of the Institution
—Election of Officers*
The annual meeting of the Directors of the Chi
cago Orphan Asylum was hold last evening at the
asylum, No. 789 Michigan avenue, and was at
tended hy a large number of ladies and.gentle
mon.
The first business in order was purely informal,
and consisted of a thorough examination of the
yearling stock, which was in exceedingly good
condition. A lover of humanity in its earlier
stages would have found plenty to admire in the
clean, tiny, sleeping specimens of humanity
stretched out in the cribs in the nursery, each one
pointed out by the matron as apremising member
of her numerous family. Bachelors of a cynical
turn of mind are freely invited to attend the next
meeting. George S. Bowen presided at the meet
ing proper.
SECRETARY'S REPORT.
The Secretary’s report was presented by Mr.
Locke ns tbo first business in order. It set forth
a number of purchases daring the year. The
number of children admitted duringtho year was
175; 155 had been sent to homes in various parts
of the country: 5 children, only, had die d, and
those very young children; the average number
of children in the Asylum was 80. Tbo Asylum
had also given shelter to 25 women. There had
been paid into the institution during the year
$1,020.40, and expended for minor articles and
necessary help $490.06, leaving a balance of
$1,428.40.
The report was adopted.
STEWARD'S REPORT.
The report of Mr. A. Fatten, Collector and
Steward of the asylum, of the amount of money
and goods received during the year was next
read. It showed that during the year the
amount of cash presented was $2,367.05; of goods
and other things, $620. The collection during the
latter part of the year had grown considerably,
and, but for tne unfortunate disaster which over
took the city, he had very little doubt that the
exhibit would have been much larger. Many im
provements had been made in the asylum during
the year, and those at a very small cost to the in
stitution. All the efforts of the Directors during
the past year had been singularly successful and
promising for the future.
The report was placed on file.
PRESIDENT’S REPORT.
The Chair stated that last year the Asylum had
started with a debt of $7,000, which had been paid
off with the exception of a small amount still due
the Treasurer. The institution was run at the
tiifluc expense of SB,OOO a year. Ho wondered
that the discriminating people of the city did not
discover how much more good might bo done if
an effort were made to a concentration of the
various asylums. In regard to the management
of the institution, he paid a very high compliment
to the matron. Miss Emily Swan, which was re
ceived with considerable favor, especially by the
gentlemen present. To the ladies lie made warm
acknowledgements for their constant visiting and
continued interest in the Asylum. Ho gave the
following summary of receipts and expendi
tures:
RECEIPTS FOR THE TEAR,
Collections by Mr. A. Paxton 2,367.05
Mias Swan, receipts at asylum 1,083.81
Burr estate. sa,ooo twice 6,000.00
Lockwoo(lEro\fn, and other SIOO, Mrs. Hick
ling, $lO 110.00
Bent oi houses 2,553.66
Belief Society 450.00
Stewart fund. SjO.OO
Pariah Hutchinson, contribution of citi
zens of Johnstown, N. Y., per Messrs. Keith
Bros 155.02
Total.
I^XI’ENbITLTIKS.
On houses, estimated 7,000.00
Tradesmen's bills and general expenditure of
the asj-lmn 7,635.68
Total.
Balance due Treasurer.
The report was accepted and placed on file.
On motion, a vote of thanks was tendered the
retiring officers of tho institution, and especially
to Mr. Bowen.
GRATEFUL ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.
On motion of Fernando Jones, the following
resolutions were adopted:
Besotted, That the sincere tliauks of the Board of
Trustees and friends of tho Chicago Protestant Or
plian Asylum aro due, and are hereby tendered, to
James D. Parish. Esq.. and through him to the citizens
of Johnstown, N. y„ for their very generous coutriba.
tlon of $450; and also to George Miiburn, Esq., of
Mishawaka, Ind.. for his equally generous donation of
twenty barrels of Hour and thirty barrels of apples.
Besotted, That tho Secretary bo instructed to for
ward a copy of the foregoing resolution to Messrs.
Parish and Milborn, and have the same published in
the Chicago daily papers.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
On motion, the meeting proceeded to elect offi
cers for the ensuing year. They were elected as
follows:
President— G. S. Bowen.
Vice J'residcnt— Colonel J. L. Jones.
Treasurer— Charles Follansbcc. u
Secretary— E. G. Keith.
Trustees— George C. Cooko, H. O. Stone, Fernando
Jones, Myron L. Pearce, W. C. D. Grannis, L. Hodges,
Peter VanSchaack, Bov. Charles E. Cheney. W. F.
Merrick, the Hon. Joseph Mediil, Charles FoUausboe.
Having done this, tho meeting resolved itself
into a friendly gathering and adjourned.
POLICE AND FIRE COMMISSIONERS.
Firemen Granted Farlonghs—A Stoker and an
Engineer Come to Grief—Brown’* and Sher
idan’s Favorite Beverages of a Cold Even
ing.
A regular semi-weekly meeting of tho Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners was held at the
Madison Street Station, yesterday afternoon,
President Brown in the chair. Present —Commit-
Eioners Sheridan, Rchm, and Chadwick.
A furlough of two weeks was granted to
Charles Evans, driver of wagon No. 4, and to
Arthur J. Caidcr, pipcman.of tho steamer B.
A. Williams.
George R. Lathrop, stoker of tko steamer T. B.
Brown, was charged with neglect of duty and
disobedience of orders. The engineer of the same
cntrine, John E. Ferguson, was also arraigned
upon a similar charge. The foreman testified
that, after a lire, the engine remained live hours
without having kindling put into the fire-box, so
as to be prepared if another alarm should come
iu. It was the stoker’s business to do it, hut he
had given orders for the engineer to put in tho
kindling when the stoker was absent, which ho
was during the five hours.
The engineer stated, under oath, that tho stoker
did not attend to his business, that ho did not
clean the bniss work, which it was his duty to
do.
The stoker stated, under oath, that ho always
cleaned the engine; that the engineer was down
on him.” and had said he would beat him out of
his job.” He (the engineer) bad told tbe men In
the house tho other night; that he had been down
town and fixed it all right with tho Commission
ers;” had met them in a saloon and had a drink
with them; that Brown took whiskey straight,
and Sheridan drank gin.
The stoker asked one of his witnesses if he did
not hoar the engineer say that tho engineer had
told the men in the house that he had mot the
Commissioners in a saloon where ho was taking a
drink.
On motion, both tho men were discharged.
The resignation of Edward Ferris, stoker of
the Steamer Williams, was received and accepted.
Tho board then adjourned.
CITY AFFAIRS IN BRIEF.
Death of O. 11. Iless.
Dr. Orton H. Hess died at the Mercy Hospital,
on Wednesday night, from the effects of a wound
in the left breast inflicted by himself. Tho read
ers of The Tribune will remember that, about
three weeks ago, ho shot himself while in
Batchcldor'a restaurant, No. 440 State street.
The motive which prompted tho ahootlngwas
said to bo a domestic difficulty, and this
was substantiated by letters in his possession
at that time. His relatives, however, claimed
that the shooting was accidental, and Dr. Hess,
it is stated, told the physician who was attending
him, in his last moments, that tho pistol was dis
charged without any intention of doing himself
bodily injury. An inquest was yesterday held
upon the remains, and the jury rendered a ver
dict of Death from a wound inflicted by his own
hand.” Dr. Hess was well known in Chicago
from his connection with the Opera jHonse, and
was respected by all who know him, and his
death, whether the result of an accident or not,
will bo regretted by a largo number of friends.
Relief Hems,
Among tho other money for tho relief of Chicago
which was yesterday received, was a gold draft
for $G,007 from tho city of Halifax, Nova Scotia.
—Nathaniel McGownn, who has been supported
by the Relief and Aid Committee since the fire,
and who has been drunk whenever ho could sell
'the goods he received from the agent, was sent to
the Bridewell yesterday. There are about a score
of people in tho Centre avenue barracks who
should be similarly dealt with, as they are con
tinually drinking and creating a disturbance.
—Through the kindness of Major Malcolm Mc-
Dowell, a house has been obtained for a branch
of the Cincinnati Soup House on the North Side,
its situation being No. SlOHurlbut street, between
Menominee and Linden streets. She distribution
of soup commenced yesterday, and will be con
tinued daily throughout tho winter.
—The Society of Friends are receiving contri
butions, and distributing them as relief to that
rather numerous Class who shrink from- making
their wants known, yet lost all by tbe fire. A
committee is constantly in attendance at their
meeting house on Twenty-sixth street, near Indi
ana avenue, which is always open for relief ex
cept during tho regular service on Sabbath morn
ing. They have received £SOO from Friends in
England, and many smaller sums from Friends
in the East and West, Anything contributed to
them will be judiciously applied, where most
wanted.
Personal,
W. C. Cleland, Esq., General Passenger Agent
of the Pittsburgh and Fort Wayno Railroad, re
turned home on"Wendesday from the East.
—Edward J. Cuylcr, Superintendent of tho Ga
lena Division of tho Chicago Northwestern.
Railway, has located his office up stairs over the
old Milwaukee passenger depot, corner of Canal
and Kinzio streets.
—A young man, named Kirk, “put ahead on”
the doorkeeper of tho Board of Trade, lost
Wednesday, for refusing him (young Kirk) ad
mission to the board on his father’s (old Kirk’s)
ticket. No arrests as far as heard from.
—The Sacramento Union, of December C, states
that “George W. Gage, late proprietor of the
Sherman House, Chicago, is stopping in San
Francisco with his family, and will probably
make his home on the Pacific coast.”
—The Rev. Robert Collyer, entirely oblivious of
tho fact that he was a Christian pastor, and had
literary wares of value to tho world, devoted
himself while tho fire was in progress to tho sal
vation of little tritles only valuable for their dear
associations. His sermons, not being flro-proof,
were all destroyed, except twenty which he had
loaned to a lady friend in tho distant village of
St. Louis. lie now politely requests their re
turn, cautioning the sender to forward them
through legitimate channels lest thoyfall into tho
hands of the Relief and Aid Society, and they dis
tribute them as an eleemosynary contribution to
the suffering poor of Chicago.
Ladles’ Christian Union.
The regular monthly meeting of the Ladles’
Christian Union was held on Tuesday morn
ing last, at the Woman’s Home. Mr*. Pat
ton filled tho chair, Mrs. D. f. Groves
acting os Secretaiy. The reports showed
tiat tho work of tho union had been
Bticcesslully prosecuted. Girls employed by the
union board at ihe home. Tho managers hope to
have lectures, sociables, and concerts at the
Sfmo dSSS the winter, for the benefit of
those Who may toe intwatad. Mrs, Pouglaa
THE CHICAGO TBIBUNE: FEUD AY, DECEMBER 15, 1871
pensefi of the employment office, UUcdit withnU
ibo necessaries and fitted np tile eewlne rooms
Above oil, tile union wlsb to aoknowlcdSi thn
k”k riStaSi ECUT BerYlco accorded by
Michael McMullen, the bricklayer wfan vmi
from tho third story of Field Leetcr’s new
building, last Tuesday, died from the effects of
his injuries, at No. 89 South Deeplainos street
yesterday. The coroner held an inquest, and the
Jury returned a verdict of accidental death.”
—Excessive drink caused the death of a man
named Patrick Ford, yesterday. He had been
drunk for two weeks, and On Wednesday night
wasso much under tho influence of liquor that ho
had to he carried up stairs and put to
bed. Yesterday morning his lifeless body was
found, and the Coroner requested to hold an In
quest. The verdict was “death from intemper
ance.” Ford lived at Ho. ici North Union street,
and leaves a wife and family.
Elder Knapp preaches every evening at tho
Western Avenueßaptiflt Church, comer of West
ern and Warren avenues.
—Families wishing family sewing done, gentle
men’s and ladies’ underwear, etc., are requested
to take their work to tho sowing rooms of tho
Ladies’ Christian Union, No. 191 West Jaokson
street.
—Tbo second annual meeting of the Reunion
Presbyterian Church will occur on Saturday
evening. A full attendance is desired, as im
portant business is to bo transacted.
—The following officers were last evening elect
ed by Blaney Lodge No. 271, F. and-A. M 7: D.
C. Cregier, W. M.; Ed. Cook, S. W.; G. B. Car
penter. J. W.; Z. D. C. Whitney, Secretary; B.
F. Chase. Treasurer.
—Tho West Chicago Park Commissioners have
secured from Mr. Jcnncy tho plan of a monu
ment of safes, and carved stone fragments, to bo
erected In Central Park, aud have, as wo learn
from Mr. Stanford, commenced getting tho ma
terials on the ground. The monument, at de
signed, is a shapely structure, and about forty
feet in light, 3
The Curran Boose and Business Portion of
the City Sawed by the “Babcock.”
STEVENS POINT, Wis., Dec. 13, 1871.
F. IT. Fanctll, Secretary Babcock Extinguisher Co.
Dear Siu When wo purchased the two Bab
cock Fire Extinguishers of you recently wo did
not expect to have occasion to uso thorn so soon,
and especially under circumstances so alarming.
A few evenings since, on a table at tho bead of
the main flight of stairs, stood sixteen koroseno
lamps, jnst lighted for use. By tho explosion of
ouo they were all broken, turned over and explod
ed, and in an instant a large and poicer/til Jire
icas in progress, which would have destroyed tho
largest hotel in this city, and, in all probability,
the entire business portion of the town, had it
not been for tho prompt use of a Babcock Ex
tinguisher. which put the fire out in less than ono
minute. We make this statement in testimony of
our confidence in tho merits of this machine and
for tho public good. Wo cannot hotter express
our appreciation than to say we would not part
with them for SI,OOO unless we could purchase
others. Very truly
_ Henry &J. D. Curran.
TVc lieartily endorse tlio above, having wit
nessed the working of the “Babcock at the said
lire, and believe it saved from destruction, not
only the Curran House, but the business part of
our city. Martin Perkins,
Chief Engineer Firo Department.
M. Wai>leigh.
.$13,374.54
BUSINESS NOTICES.
.814,633.63
most remarkable in its effects, and most
useful in its application, the fragrant Sozodont
has become the most popular dentrilicc in exist
ence. 'Tis used and praised by everybody.
.8 1,261.14
Sibley Endicott, IT. Beckwith
Sons, Bittiuger A Bro., VanSchaaok, Stevenson A
Reid; Lord, Smith* Co., and others, sell Bur
nett’s Superior Flavoring Extracts.
For Dyspepsia, Tndigestion« Depression
of Spirits, and General Debility, the Ferro-Phos
phorated Elixir of Oalisaya Baric (Calisaya Bark
and Iron), is the best tonic, made by Caswell,
Hazard Co., New York, and sold by druggists.
HALSEY—KINO—Doc, 14,attbe residence of the
bride's father, by the Rev. Dr. Burroughs, Mr.Tappan
Halsey and Mar}*, daughter of Hon. W.U. King, all
of Chicago. No cords.
LIVINGSTON—WRIGHT—In this city. Decem
ber 12, by Rev. C. D. Helmer, Mr. Philip H. Living
ston mid Mrs. Sophia C. Wright.
McLAUGIILIN—At her late residence, comer of
Kluzle and Halsled-sts., Mrs. Busan McLaughlin,
aged 03 years.
Funeral to-morrow by ears to Calvary.
Ames* engines, portable 3 to 40-hobsb
power: threshing. Sand 10-horse: circular saw
mills, Foremen's grinding mills, com sheUere. belUsg.
etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 South Canal-at
BLANDY’S STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and sawmills, Daniels Woodworth’s
planers, sash ticker and moulder, shaping machines
and mortising machines, 36 Canal-st. F. W. NORTH
BOP, Agent
Brass foundry and finishing shop.
formerly of 50 and 52 Madison-st, now in full
operation at 195 Went Madison-st, with increased fa
cilities for light and heavy castings, light linishlng,
and sheet metal work, western Sewing Machine
Company, P. E. MAYJIEW, Manager.
C«fc G. COOPER «t CO., OFFICE 10 AND 12
West Randolpli-st.. Manufacture Stationary and
Portable Engines of nil sizes. Circular Saw Mills,
and Flouring Mill Machinery. Send for illustrated
circular.
Engine lathes, iron planers, drills,
chucks, Ac.. at Rochester Machinery Manu
facturing Company, a? and 37 South Canal-st.
For sale—cheap—one e, one g. and one
10-liorso portable steam engines. Also, a large
stock of Marsh’s Chicago steam gauges. J. P. MARSH
A CO., South Canal-st.
For salb—one engine 14x21 heavy
fly- wheel, and fixtures complete. Also 75 horse
-1 mwer locomotive and boiler, all in good order.
A VEINS A BURGESS, Vulcan Iron Works.
GREENWOOD’S STOVE HEADING AND
shingle machinery at Rochester Machinery Man
ufatluring Company, 37 and 39 South Canal-st.
Horse powers—railway one and two
horse sweep-powers, from two to ton horse, clip
pers, hay and corn-stalk cutters, wood saws, Hutchln.
son’s Patent Locking Grate Bars, Barker's Sandpaper,
ing Machines, corn shelters, etc., manufactured and
for sale by H. a. PITTS’ SONS, ii South Jeffereon-at.
IRON PLANERS. DRILLS. BUTT-CUTTERS,
belting, twist drills, at tho machinery depot of W.
A. JAMES CO., H3 Pulton-st,
MACHINERY FOR SALE—ONE 174-FOOT 30-
inch swing; one 22-foot, 32-lnch swing; ono 12,
foot, 24-inch swing; ono 10-foot, 20-lnch swing; one 8-
foot, 19-inch swing; ono Gfoot, 18-inch, and various
other sizes; also, a few second-hand engine lathes at
low prices, at machinery depot of W. A. tames a
CO., 113 Fulton-st.
Moulding machines, tenonting, mort
islng; ,'a full lino of 11. B. Smith's at W. A.
JAMES A CO.. 113 Fulton-St.
■\*TAKTED—BOILER. Ifi FT. LONG, 5 FT. DIAM-
T T oter, 3J or 4 inch lines; must he perfectly sound.
Apply at 90 South Park-av. H,V. BEMIS, Sec'y
South Side Diet’g Co.
PLANER AND MATCHERS. FARRAR SUR
facers, resawing machines, at W. A JAMES
CO.’S, 113 Fulton-st.
STUKTEVANT’S FAN AND PRESSURE
blowers, leather and rubber belting, hose, saws,
files, and machinery supplies at Rochester Machinery
Manufacturing Company. 37 and 39 Sonth Canal-st.) fl|
THE CHALLENGE TOMPKINS’ RESAWING
machine excels all others, at Rochester Machin
ery Manufacturing Company.37 and 39 South Canal-st.
The universal woodworker, with
four heads, moulder attachment! every shop
should have them, at Rochester Machinery Manufac
turlng Coniany, 37 and 39 South Canal st.
TOMPKINS’ CHAMPION MOULDER—EVERY
one likes them; at Rochester Machinery M.mnfan.
luring Company, 37 and 39 South Canal-st.
•WOOD A MANN. PORTABLE ENGINES, THE
Tt most reliable in use. at Rochester Machinery
Manufacturing Company, 37and 39 Sonth Canal-st.
"WHY NOT USE THE BEST? TOMPKINS’
TT planers and matchers; at Rochester Machinery
Manufacturing Company. 37 and 39 South Canal st.
Divorces without newspaper report,
loan, real estate, and common law business.
NEWELL PRATT, Attorney, 1124 Wabaah-av.
DIVORCES LEGALLY OBTAINED FEE
after decree, scandal avoided; eight years’ expert
once. Address Post Office Box 1037.
I OFFER FOR SALE, AT ONE-TENTH FIRST
cost, the tools, fixtures, etc., of a manufacturing
business, which will pay $5,000 per annum; will some
live man try it: capital required, SI,OOO or $1,500 to set
the whole running, as I will sell for SSOO cash. Ad
d- css, for one week, BENNETT, JR,, •Tribune office.
Money loaned on diamonds, watches.
pianos, and valuable personal property. Same
bought. No. 97 West Madison-st., Room 1 and 2, for
merly 133 Dearborn-st. TUNNICLIFF.
TO DRY GOODS,HARDWARE, GROCERY AND
clothing men—lf you want A No. 1 trade, lowa
and Missouri, address R, Creston, lowo. Best refer
ences given.
TTANTiID-TO PURCHASE CHEAP FOR CASH
n a cyclopccdia- Address for ten days, Lock Box
3C7, Springfield, Ohio.
WANTED —500 TEAMSTERS. FARMERS, AND
laborers, to buy army overcoats, The cheapest,
warmest, and most durable clothing for men working
in the ruins. CLEMENT BAYEB, 280 Milwau
kee-av.
Wf ANTED—RANK CHARTER FOR SAVINGS
TT or general businesw. Address J CP, Room 3,
Yates Building, corner Canal and Randolpb.sta.
TIT ANTED TO BUY FOR CASH, CAST-OFF
TT clothing, and miscellaneous goods of any kind.
By sending a letter to I. OELDER, W2 South Welis-st,
you can find a purchaser.
WTANTED—A SHOW CASE, BTO 12 FT LONG,
ii cheap for cash. Address 651 West Lako-st, or
call from t> to 9p. m.
TTTILLTHE GENTLEMAN WHO CALLED AT
TT fi23 Michigan-av, last evening, with house to let
until Ist of May, cal! again immediately.
<C*Q n K A MONTH, EXPENSES PAID—MALE
t]pO 4 tl or female agents; horse and outfit far',
pished; bminew; circulars tree. Address
NO' tr EI.TV CO Ba/V>
TO LOAN—MONEY ON FURNITURE, WARE-
Louec receipts, watches, diamonds, and other col
laterals. JAS. B. STOREY, 101 South Clinton-st.
TO LOAN—MONEY, ON IMPROVED ILLINOIS
farms, in sums of $5,000 and upwards, for long
time at reasonable rates. Address SHELDON as
WATERMAN, 360 Mlcblgan-QV.
WANTED— TO PURCHASE SOME GOOD PA-
per secured by real estate. BASH SHAP
LEY, 45 South Canal-st., Room 4.
Ctl RAA IN HAND TO LOAN ON CHICAGO
V-L»v city property, mead 6s COE, 70
West Madlson-st.
AAA- hEP 3BLI INSURANCE COM
vO§UUv pany adjusted certificates—7o cents on
the dollar will this week bo paid for above amount of
certificates. Apply at once to “Cash,” 202 West Madl
son-Pt. Boom 13.
Fcß SALE—36,OOO BRICKS, I HEAP. AT THE
depot comer Twelfth and South Clark-ats. In
quli o at 123 West Randolph-st.
FOR SALE—CHEAP—2 PASSES to burling
ton, lowa, and return. Inquire at West Lako-st.
For sale—a new babcock fibe-extin
gu'shcr, retail price S6O, for cash. Address
EXTINGUISHER, Tribune OffiQO.
Coroner’s Inquests,
miscellaneous.
MARRIED.!
DIED.
UACBUTEBT.
MISCELLANEOUS!
FINANCIAL.
FOR BALE.
CITY RE AT. ESTATE.
Fob sale—good and cheap lots on the
Sooth Side, on Arnold, Butterfield. Bnddan. Gar.
ibaldl. Twenty.flfth, Twenty-sixth,.
Twenty-eighth, Twenty-nlmh, Thirtieth, and Thirty
flrst-tts.; also, on W entworth, Wallace, and Shurtletr-’
ava. Five Tears, at G per cent. No advance in prices,
though such lots must doable in value. The increased
demand for building lots, near where so many tens of
millions most bo paid for labor, will advance the price
of such lots. Tho old prices and very easy terms.
ALBERT CRANE. 873 Wabaah-av.
FOR SALE-CHEAP—FIRST-CLASS HOUSE
oiid lot. House 2-atory and basement, pressed
brick. Contains latest Improvements. Lot 57 feet,
eaatfront. Altogether one of tho pleasantest places
In the city. Sm:Il payment down. Inquire on prem
ises, 90S Jndlana-av., near Twcntieth-sL
For sale—a few lots near Lincoln
Park and School: 6 years credit given and cash
advanced to build; office open tHI 8 m tho eveaintr.
BALDWIN DAVJS, 51 South Halstcd-st.
For sale—lot 25x107, on third-av, be
tween Jackson and Van Buren-sts, east front
must be sold soon; good investment. Apply to B. L
FLAGG, 209 West Madlson-st.
FOB SALE—A CHOICE LOT ON LAKE-ST. BE
tween Wabash and Michigan-avs, 25 feet, south
front, full depth, ata low price. ApplytoP. ILATHE
WAY, 174 East Madison-st, near LaSalle.
FOB SALE— CHEAP DOCK PROPERTY—BO
feet on North Branch, south of Chicago-av. suita
ble for manufacturing or other business, at a very low
HAT^W 4 Y East Madison st, near
For sale-one 3-story and basksient
brick store, with metal roof, on North Desplalnes
hl near Kinzio, 20x56 ft. with lot 20x90 feet to alley,
vciy cheap. F. HATHEWAY. 174 East Madlson-st.
F°S. SALE 48X183 SOUTHEAST CORNER
W asmngton aud Union, one of tho finest corners
m tho street; wo have several fine Investments which
COTI™ I Welt P Sii t n hOW Cal itaUiitß MEAD
For sale—western.av and fallon-sts.
vtv£o’ i eet price low; easy terras!
“i' YDER LEE, Real Estate Agents, No. 14 Nix
ons Buildings, northeast comer of Monroo and La-
■COKSALk COTTAGE GROVE-AV, 50X15
tvvnpx, Grove, near Twenty-soventh-st.
LEE. Real Estate Agents, No. l-i Nix
on s Buildings, northeast comer of Monroo and La-
■pOE SALE—RIVER LOT. 150X170 FEET. ON
dwtV‘£ S t o wv south °f Twelfth-st. SNY
DER A LEE. Real Estate Agents, 14 Nixon’s Build
ing, northeast comer of Monroe aud LaSallo-sts-
FJ® rOUBTH-AV (DEARBORN-ST,
extension) 2.» fcot west front on Fourth-ar, between
vanßuren and Harrison-st SNYDER LEE,
Real Estate Agent, No. 14 Nixon’s Building.
TDOK SALE— TV AB ASH- A V, 64X165 FEET. EAST
front °n Wabash-av, north of Harriaon-st. near
l.° B P-i-i 00 Z'EE, Real Estate Agents,
>o. 14 Kiion’sßnildlng.
FOR SALE—west MADISON-ST, THE CHEAP
esi lot on tho street, 45*193 feet, just west of Cen
tro av, -with side and rear alley; price, $350 per foot;
also 2 nice stores east of above; bargains In residence
lots. F. B, MARSHALL, 202 West Madisou-at.
For sale-to manufacturers-a 2-sto
ry fnuno building on leased ground; central loca
tion, with engine, boiler, shafting, belting, saw-tables,
etc., suitable for manufacturing purposes; now in op
eration; long lease. For particulars apply at 7 J3
State st.
For sale—residence, 41 south carpen
ter-st, lot 055x125. near Madison-st, must bo sold:
house and lot 100x165,West Washington-at, cor. Curtis;
lionso and lot 50x100, corner Washington and May-sts;
10 Blue Islaml-av, 25xl20.Jlm8inesa property; 125x100
feet, corner Illinois and Market-sts, cheap; 65x80, Ca
nnl-st, near Adams; 50x90, comer Harrison-st; and
Fiftli-av; 45x190. Madison-st. near Centre-av, corner
alley; ic Wlncliester-av, $4,500, terms to suit; 91x119
feet, Dcsplalresst. near Madison: 120x120. Warren-av,
near Hoyno-st, D. COLE SON, Real Estate Agts.,
18$ West Madleon-st.
For sale or rent—furnished or un*
furnished—a llrst-class residence of about 20
rooms, on South Side, near Twcnty-sccond-st; long
time and small cash payment If sola; if rented, mast
bo A No. 1 tenant. Andress WB, 130 Tribune office.
For sale—cheap—on van burkn-st.,
near Canipbell-av., 55x155 ft. Have abstract. Ad
dress or apply to P. L. AUTEN, 275 Soath Morgan-a t.
For sale—cheap for cash, 5 acres in
South Chicago, 1.4 mile from now hotel. Title per
fect. Also, schooner Denmark, capacity, 160 m cheap
for cash or good real estate. Apply at Room 4, 109
West Waslungton-st.
For sale—great bargains, to-day—
Walmit-st., near Wood, choice lot, 81.500. Price
place, nearHalsted-st.. lot 251-2x85, only $2,000: easy
terms. Larrabee-st., near Division, improved lot, only
$1,500. R. o. GOOD WILLIE, 133 West Maclison-st.
For sale—nice cottage, loomis-st.,
near Jefferson Park, 6yoars' ground lease, only
8900 cash, if taken at once. R. G. GOOD WILLIE, 133
West Madison-st.
FOR SALE—BUSINESS PROPERTY—VAN
Bnren.st. east of Hal.stcd, and 251-2 ft lot. $5,500;
easy terms. R. G. GOODWILLIE, 133 West Modi,
eon-st.
For sale—desirable residence lots
adjoining old city limits. Accessible by steam cars:
Price of lots from S3OO to 8450. No cash payment re
quired of parties making improvements. A. R. WING
CO., 539 Wabash-av.
FOR SALK—THE LOT 38x100 FEET ON SOUTH
west corner of North Clark and Grant-sta. GEO.
C. FRY 51 West Randolph-st.
FOR SALE—MICHIOAN-AV.—FRAME HOUSE
of 9 rooms and lot on Micbigan-av., north of Six
teenth-st.; 83.0C0 or $4,000 worth of carriages and bug
gles taken in part pa}*ment. SNYDER <fc LEE, Real
Estate Agents, Nixon Buildings, northeast corner
Monroe and La Sallo-sts.
FOR SALE—OR LEASE—BIXIB3 FEET, CORNER
Franklin and Madisou-sts.
50x190 feet, comer Madison ami Frankliu-sls.
80x183 feet, on Madisonnoar Fnmkiin-at.
25x190 feet, on Madison west of La Salle-st.
Inquire of WM. BORDEN, 214 Eaat Madison-st.
FOR SALE—TWENTY.SIXTH-ST.—FINE TWO
fitory and basement brick house; $7,500. ABELL
<t HOTCHKISS, 63 South Canal-at.
BU BURBAN REATj ESTATE.
For sale—a nice residence property
at Norwood Park. House new. Lot large. Small
cash payment, balance to ’suit Price $2,500. J. F.
NICHOLS CO., 23 South Cnnal-st.
FOR SALE-CHEAP-ONE GOOD TWO-STOHY
house, and lot, on comer of Arnold and Thirty
clgbtli-st; terms easy? Inquire on the premises.
COUNTRY REATj ESTATEj
Foil SALK A FINE RESIDENCE; ALSO
brick store ami stock of furniture; or will rout
the store; ollin Yorkvllle, county-seat of Kendall
County, ill. Imiulro of JAMES SPRINGHEU. 6CO
Wnhasii.av., or address the subscriber, If. HUB
BARD, YorkviUe. 111.
For SALE—or PART TRADE—A FIRST-CLASS
four story hotel. Furniture, buss. and stable nil
nearly new and doing a good business, in the city of
Monmouth; the C. B. ,t Q. and the R. R. <t BLL.R,
H, transfer depot, together with colleges, etc.; this city
a goeil hotel point. Terms easy. Reasons for selling,
had health. GEO. W SAVAGE.
FOR SALE—A RARE CHANCE—IOO ACRES OF
land, upon which is a fine deposit of building
stone, drewed samples of which will bo shown-, land
within forty miles or si. Louis, and very near railway:
will exchange for eligible property. Apply to CA VEN
DER BOWSE. Real Estate Agents, 3U Olivo st, St.
Louis.
SALE—OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY PROP
orty—lo-acre farm, with good buildings, orchard,
and two-ocro grove, an hours'(l9) CLAFLIN BROS.,
204 West Madison-st.
For sale—a fine improved farm op iso
acres in Livingston Countv, for sale or exchange
for city property. Will assume Incumbrance. J. F.
NICHOLS A CO.. 23 South Canal-st,
FOR SALE—OR EXCHANGE—CHOICE FARMS
and form lands, in Illinois. lowa, and Missouri,
for Chicago property. H. WHIPPLE, Room 8, 75
Canal-st.
REAX* ESTATE WANTED.
"V\r ANTED—COTTAGE AND LOT ON MONTHLY
aNortJl Sldelot In burnt district.
EDMUND Q. STILES, 112 West Randolph-st.
’wrr.ANTLD—TO BUT—A HOME WITHIN 20 OR
Y 80 miles 01 uiecity; it must bo a neat and at
tractive place. Address QlHco 220 West Randolph-st.
WANTED— 20 OR 25 FOOT LOT IN BOUNDARY
of Wood-at. and Weatem-av., Park-av. and Van
Rnren-st; comerprcferred. Address, full particulars.
B B. Tribune ofilce.
WANTED— IN BURNT DISTRICT—FROM 20
to 100 feet front, between Randolph and Van Bn
ren-sta, and west of state-at; have parties ready to
close trade at once at fair prices. ABELL A HOTCH
KISS, C 3 South Canal-st. Room I.
Real estate wanted—to buy or
lease a lot In the Burnt District; also, a res!-
denco propel ty in cither the South or West Divisions
Fora bargain, all cash will he paid. Address BOS
TON. Trihnno office.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
For sale—a team of brown horses to
bo sold together or separate, 6 years old, warranted
aonnd, and kind either in single or double harness fit
for teaming or any otherpnrpose, the property of a
farmer; to bo seen at the Farmer's Home, 909 State-at.
Fob sale—a cheap team, harness and
wagon, at I4C North Groen-st.
For sale —cheap —a good business
horse, buggy, harness, and cutter, at 54 East Six
teenth-st.
FOR SALE—a WAGON AND BLACKSMITH
Shop, corner of Elston road aud Clyhoum place.
Inqnire at shop or 49 McHonry-st.
IJOR SALE—TEN TEAMS SUITABLE FOR
track, express or buggy purposes, to bo sold cheap.
Apply at 79 South Sangamon-st.
FOR SALE—ALIGHT EXPRESS OR DELIVERY
wagon, cheap, with top and aido pieces. In
quire at 125 1-2 Mlchlgan-av. Howe’s Scales.
For SALE—good BUGGY HORSE and har
ness, also express wagon and largo horse, a great
bargain. BALDWIN DAVIS, 51 South Halsted-st.
FOR SALE-2 PAIR OF LARUE DRAFT
horses: some common ones; also, some common
drivers, and second-hand buggies, robes and harness
at 42 Hanmm-court. M. C: BRADLEY.
■pOR SALE-AT AUCTION-THIS MORNING
A at 10 a m. t one heavy matched team, ono light
team, ono single driving, ono heavy horse and eight
set of cheap horses, at 267 West Lake-st. RUSSELL
WALTON.
Harness and saddlery goods, blank.
Jets, sleigh bells, etc., wholesale and retail
largest stock in the city, at HARDY <fc SHORT’S m 2
Mlchlgan-av., (park front).
XxrANTED —A FIRST CLASS FAMILY HORSE.
IPaissM °v a Sn a yt. comi,ietefor ca f u
-TIT'ANTED-AHORSEFORHIS KEEPING THIS
VT winter, light work; good care guaranteed- Ad
dress or apply to J. H, FITZGERALD, m West
Twelfth st
TITA NTED-W ORK FOR TWO TEAMS. HAUL-
W ing debris. Applyatl7Franklin-at.
WANTED TO RENT.
TTTANTED—TO RENT—A FURNISHED ROOM
T T on West Side, not over half a mile from corner of
Washington and Canal-sts. Address M M, Tribune
office.
WANTED-TO RENT-COMFORTABLE ROOM
for a short time, suitable for bed and sitting,
room. Address, with full particulars, immediately A
Z, Tribune office.
XfTANTED— TO RENT-THREE COMFORTA
TT ble, furnished rooms, suitable for housekeeping
west of Union Park and convenient to horse cars or
ln a qui i heu3 AddrMs
TTTANTED—TO RENT—A FURNISHED HOUSE
TT on South Side, east of State and north of Twen.
tv-fifth-sta., by a responsible first-class party; no
objection to boarding owner in part payment for rent
references exchanged. Address, giving full particu
lars, CHAS. C. AUSTIN, S7I Wabash-av. 1
TTTANTED-TO RENT-FRONT ROOST, FUR.
TT nishcu, wllh alcove or bedroom, second door,
with board for gentleman, wife, and child, anywhere
east of state-st. and north of Thirtieth; price not to
exceed S6O per month. Address Q BS, Branch Trib
une office. 4CD Wabaah-av.
\»rANTED— TO RENT-FURNISHED HOUSE
TT of 12 to 14 rooms, immediately. Address or call
at 223 m iebigan av.
EDUCATIONAL.
WXTRST SIDE ENGLISH AND CLASSICAL
TT school. No. 50 North Sheldon-st— The under
signed call the attention of those dealrln g careful in
stmctlon and the personal attention of the principal
to their sons, to the above school, which has for some
years received the boat patronage on tho North Side.
AmongitspatronsaroMessrs. E. W. Blatchford, B.
9- Vi lollß *-H, WlaslVW. EDWARD
S. TV ATiSRs, At
AGEHTB WAXTEDi
AGENTS WANTED—UNPRECEDENTED 1 TOK
demand for "Chicago and thd Great
tion," by Colbert and Chamberlin, Associate Editors
Chicago TWiiuke. Illustrated by Osnpin ami q u
lick. 20,000 copies already soli Orders already re
ceived for 2.400 agents outfits; and agents- at w*rk are
meeting -with moat extraordinary success. One re
porta an average of SO sabsclibera per d-ny; another
Min one day; another C 3ln two days; nueCheriM in
part of one afternoon; another 43 in two dnys> a noth
cr. a lady, 40 is one day. 2000 cojdes’alrea iy sold la
shows the appreciation of the work
t t^o n^ lo M eßill0 Bo sure you get Cidbert
amherllnaFuli octavo Volume of 533 tainted
1f551V. ai l ,a ea illustrations (embracing 2& en
paFs.,in, aU with tho fullest (losis
r l,leiDa P of Chicago published.
Chicago in 1820 and 1830. “Chicago
1,“ ♦j JV 111 C K 111 -Ruins," and numerous other
i C l ngraTCj expressly for this work;
mt a V I hlc founts of the great Northwest
fit ;?«J** 10 °,P 1, r great fires of tho world. Do
tl?<s Py works less reliable, or tho.so contain
?lD? ncll “utfor *3 this, and soiling at tho
same
employment for the next few months in soiling thfo
{ulensey Interesting work. Inclose, at once.teconte
for outfit, and name tho territory desired. Address j
S. GOODMAN, Publisher, 15 South Oreen-st., Chi
cago.
Agents wanted—for the history op
the War In Europe. It contains over iso fine en
graylnraol Battle Scenes and incidents In the War
and Is the only fnll, authentic and official history of
that great conflict Agents are meeting with unpre
cedented success, selling from 20 to 40 copies per day
and It ia published in both English and German*
Caution—inferior histories are being circulated. See
that the hook yon bny contains 150 fine engravings and
800 pages. Send for circulars and see oar terms, and a
full description of the work. Address NATIONAL
PUBLISHING CO., 131 West Madlson-st, Chicago,
Illinois.
AGENTS WANTED—HOLIDAYS! HOLIDAYS!
100 men wanted to sell holiday presents; fine Ger
man ebromos, steel engravings, photographs, oval
framed pictures, lithographs, charts, maps, Ac.; pic
tures of the great Chicago fire 87 per 100; books g.vLng
complete history of tho conflagration $25 per 100. Semi
for new circular of the cheapest and best selling arti
cles Ip America. GEORGEF, CRAM,SS West Lake
st. Chicago.
Agents wanted-siso per month i em
ployment! Extra inducements I A premium horse
and wagon for agents. We desire to employ agents for
a term of seven years to sell the Buckeye S2O Shuttle
Sewing Machine. It makes a stitch aSke on both sides,
and is tho best low-priced licensed m.arhina in the
world. W. A. HENDERSON A CO., Cleveland. Ohio
or St Louis, Mo.
Agents wanted ti2 to ts* a day, in
every county In the United States, to sell a newly
Eaten ted article ofgreat utility and absolutely needed
i every households For farther particulars addresi
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANY, Cleveland, O.
Agents wanted—dr. goodspeed’s his
tory of Chicago and Groat Fires, Is wanted by
every person Interested In Chicago. Prospectus book
and outfit free. The most rapid selling book in Ameri
ca. Sold for tho benefit of the sufferers. J. W. GOOD
SPEED, si South Carpenter-st., Chicago, Cincinnati,
and St. Louis. Goodspeod’s Franco-German War sells
immensely.
Agents wanted—ss to 812 a day can be
made by a good canvasser of either sex with my
now articles. Send for sample free. C. M. LINING*
TON, 83 West Monroe-st., Chicago.
Agents wanted throughout the
Northwest to canvass for several new bodka
Among them is Wm. Cullen Bryant’s Library of Poet
ry ana Song, 1,500 poems from nearly 500 authors, the
best selection over published, new edition, revised, 1m-
roved, and fully Illustrated. Twenty coitions called
or within little over six months. Bond for circulars
MOSES WARREN,m West Randolph-st, Chicago,lll
Agents wanted-to sell photographs
and lithographs of the rains of Chicago.- Cata
logues free and samples for GO cents. J. A. PIERCE
«t CO., Publishers, XI7 West Madison.-st, Chicago.
Agents wanted—s2o a day—Chicago
views, Chicago as it is and was; agents* goods of
all kinds: catalogues, free; samples, 25 cents. F.
PAGE CO., 107 Walnut-st.
Agents wanted—soo per cent profit
allowed good agents. Call at once, or send 25c for
50c sample. A. RAY, 230 West Ramlolph-st. Chicago.
TO RENT-STORES. OPFICES.&o.
TO BENT—A NEW MERCHANT MILL, WITH
live run of four foot burs, located in a pleasant
town In Minnesota. The water-power is ample and
unfailing, and the facilities for obtaining wheat, and
securing low rates of transportation, are excellent.
Forßfurther Information, apply to Messrs. LOW
BROS. CO., 149 West Waahmgton-st, Chicago.
TO BENT—TWO STORES, NO. 311 AND 343
West Van Buron-st., 25x65, A l location. Stores
rente d and rents collected. D. COLE SON, House
A gents, 183 West Madison-st.
TO BENT-71 SOUTH CANAL-ST. NEAR MADI.
son, desirable suite of rooms, suitable for offices,
single or on suite.
TO BENT—GOOD OFFICE ON FIRST FLOOR,
on Wabasb-av., near Hubbard-court, till Ist of
May. Apply at Room 3,386 Wabash-av.
TO RENT—A GOOD OFFICE ON WABASH-AV.
near Fourteenth st. Also basement of house in
same vicinity. Apply to JOS R BICKERDIKE, 690
Wabash-av.
TO RENT—A GOOD STORE, 100FEETDEEP.ON
Twenty-second-st—first-class location. Apply to
HOTCHKIN, PALMER CO., 171 Twenty-sec*
ond-st.
TO RENT—A GOOD OFFICE ALSO, SECOND
and third story doors, well situated for business.
J. F. NICHOLS CO., 23 South Canal-st.
TO RENT—FIVE FIRST-CLASS OFFICES, IN
my now building, comer State and South Water
fits; lire-proof vaults and metal roof. J. H. DUN
HAM.
TO RENT—PART OF 119 FIPTH-AV. (WELLS
st), between Madison and Washington-sts., until
spring, to some responsible tenant
TO RENT—BUILDING NOS. 51 AND 56 SOUTH
Water-st, suitable for any heaw business; to bo
linlshedatonce; roof on now. H. i£. SHUFELDT.
144 Fulton-st.
TO RENT—TWO NEW THREE-STORY AND
basement brick buildings, Nos. 54 and 56 South
Water-st suitable for wholesale or manufacturing
business: ready for occupancy January 1.1872. Apply
to WM. TL S AxIPSON CO., Real Estate and House-
Renting Agency, 255 West Madison-st
TO BENT—STORE 379 WABASH-AV., NEAR
Post Office, the first and second fioore, for first
class retail business and offices; immediate posses
sion. Apply to J. K- STEARNS, on the premises.
TO RENT—HOUSES.
TO BENT—A NEW IC-ROOM BRICK HOUSE
one block from horse cars, In tho boat neighbor
hood lu the city, rent only S3O per month, ‘worth SGO;
furniture for sale at n bargain. Owner must sell. Coll,
or address P S, 819 Cottage Grovo-av, corner Egan.
TO RENT—NICE COTTAGE ON WEST JACK
son-et. S2O permonth. Furniture for sale. POT
WIN CORBY, 215 East Madison-st.
TO RENT—ON MICHIOAN-AV., ELEGANT OC
tagon mat hie house, with all improvements; or,
for sale on easy terms. SIMEON MEARS, Co9Wa
baeb.av.
mo RENT—DLEOANTLY-FURNISHED HOUSE
JL near Cottage Orovo and Egan avs: also, 8 rooms
on Madison-st, ouly?20; fnmitnro for sale; front room
on Madison-st, near Centre-av, $25. R. G. OOODWLL
LIE, 133 West Madison-st.
TO BENT—A NEAT 5-ROOM COTTAGE CLOSE
to street cars, In West Division, at S3O per month,
and about $l5O worth of new furniture for sale; a
splendid bargain; possession given any time before
Christmas. Apply at 270 Forqner-st.
MpO RENT—PARTLY FURNISHED. AN ELE-
X pant (new) twnstory and basement brick house;
swell front, hot and cold water, bath-room, speaking
tubes; bouse heated by furnace; also, a brick bam.
17 Hoaorc st, between Madison and Monroe.
TO, RENT—A HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
house of I rooms, full of first-class hoarders, aud
furniture for sale. Address M J M. Tribune office.
TO RENT-NEW TWO-STORY BRIOK BASE
tat-ut 10-room dwelling, with modem improve
hients. J3SS Wnbash-av,, §soo per year. WILLIAM
PORT, 912 Michigan-av.
TO RENT—FINE BRICK HOUSE, 3-STORY,
9 rooms, with modem improvements, on Wabash*
ftv„ north of Harmon-court. Apply to WM. wavs.
BROUGH, or CHAB. C. AUSTIN. 871 Wabasb-av.
TO RENT—FORBUSINES9 PURPOSES—BRICK
house of rooms on Wahash-av. north of Harmon
conrt; immediate possession; will rent to May, 1873,
for one-half the amount now paid for similar houses in
same block: only first-class responsible parties need
apply to WM. HaNSBROUGH; or, CHAS. C, AUB
871 Wabaahav.
TO RENT-ROOMS.
TO RENT—A COMFORTABLE, FURNISHED
room, for ono or two persona, inquire at 192
South Halstcd-a t.
TO RENT—LARGE ROOM OVER THE CITY
National Bank, comer Wasliington and Clinton-sts.
Apply at 34 Cllnton-st., Room 22. b
TO RENT-THREE UNFURNISHED ROOMS
at 131 West Jackson-at.
TO RENT—FOUR BOOMS, WITH WATER. NEW-
Iy calsomlned, fronting on two streets, 247 South
sangamon-.st. comer Harrison.
BOARDING AND! LODGING*
SFOREST-AV., NEAR CORNER OF THIRTY
IIrst-st.—A fine suite of rooms to rent, and board,
in a private family, one block from street cars and om
nlbnsscs.
9 SOUTH MAY-ST., BETWEEN WASHINGTON
and Randolph—A pleasant front room, furnished,
suitable for ono or two gentlemen; also, a front par
lor. or suite of twolor three rooms, furnished or unfur
nished. with hoard.
1 Q NORTH MAY-ST.—ALL MODERN CON-
X O venlences, close to Randolph-st. oars, ten min
utes walk from Canal-st. First-class rooms and board
for two gentlemen. Terms low.
Q ELDRIDGE-COURT—SINGLE BOOM FOR
X O one or two gentlemen, with good table.
Of* BISHOF.COURT-A FEW ROOMS, FUB
nlshed or unfurnished, also large front parlor,
to rent, with board; house new, bathroom, register.
and everything first class.
"I AfT WALNUT-ST.-SINGLE GENTLEMEN
J-v I can find first-class board, and handy to
street cars.
1 WEST ADAMS-ST.—A PLEASANT ROOM
J-GU with board, for cither gentleman and wife
or single gentlemen.
QA A WEST MONROE-ST.—A HANDSOME
GJ- J-, furnished room, with board, in -a private
family; location flrst-cl ass; terms reasonable s lor two
gentlemen; references exchanged.
AQA WABASH-AV.—A LARGE handsome-
Jy-furniahed room, with bath adjoining, suit
able for one or two gentlemen, with board: day board,
era accommodated.
WABASH-AV—A SUITE OP DESIR
tf V viable furnished rooms, with board, with hot and
cold water. Also, rooms suitable for two persona.
fC9ll WEST MADISON-ST FIRST-CLASS
GaJJL day board; also furnished and unfurnished
rooms to rent, at reasonable rates.
QOQ WABASH-AV.—FURNISHED ROOMS,
with or without board, to rent; hot and cold
water; use of bath-room.
1 AOff WABASH-AV—TO RENT, WITH
board, a furnished room.
1 AfTO PRARIE AV.—TO RENT WITH BOARD,
JLV/ i a large furnished room; also room for a
gentleman willing to room with another gentleman.
*1 (\f7A 1 WABASH-AV.—A VERY PLEASANT
JLul tfcj furnished room, with good board, for a
party of two.
A n PRAIRIE-AV., CORNER OF TWENTY-
J L~x; i flfth-st —A suite of pleasant rooms well
furnished, to rent, with board house warmed with
furnace; all modem improvements.
A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE OR TWO GEN
tlcmcn may obtain board and a furnished room
in n first-class private residence on Monroe-st. near
Morgan, by addressing with references, MONROE.
Tribune office.
TMPERIAL PARLORS—SB 4 WABASH-AV., NEAR
X Tnirteenui-st.—A few rooms to rent, with first-class
board, for gentlemen, or gentlemen and their wives:
hot and cold water, and first-class hotel accommoda
tions at reasonable prices
TtfADISON HOUSE—I 24 AND 126 WEST MADI-
j2 per day; day board. $5 per week.
BOARD WANTED.
Board-furnished room board_fob
gentleman and wife, north of Twenty-sixth ana
east of Lake-st. References exchanged. Address,
with full partlcnlars. J W. 17 Coogreas-at.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
DR. MATHEW AND MADAM M AYNARD CAN
tell of business Journeys, marriages, law amw,
teU tlio trutb about auyUUna to tnotr, cures
all or no pay* isp Weetnuwlsou-et*
WANTED -MAI, E HELP.
BfkeeUnMm.
TVANTED-ICABPET FITTERS! AT C. W. E.
j* PABDBIDGE CO.'S, comer Congress ana
Stale-sta.
XI7ANTED—TWO GOOD AUCTIONEERS FOR
J» oncyear; none 'need ayply unless they under
8, AtJ I ouslness; to sell dry goods, boots au4 shoes,
ciothtag anil linen a specialty good wages will l« paid
is_\b* right men. Address, willi reference, Tr. L.
jEWßqkq. p. o. Drawer 21S. Grand Rapids. Mich.
■WTANTED— A MAX THAT CAS OPERATE A
MadlßonAt m Bfis *t* t° travel. Canon OPTICIAN,
W^- TO EMPLOY A TRAVELLING?
TYniio °3“ °ro«*rf* ly posted In Ahcr factory, supply
SCPflfSfelSiayJ referonoeA
W^oTiSPw; O a PORTHR in A wholesale
ean come 1 onp ;,mt lias luul experience. and
aS/aSa? 1 othermmd apply
VV 'stoct kwner :F li It ?T; C f'‘' ii 3 SALESMAN AXD
Coed references ta-n i «in..i ill tS, cy roti u cloUtltn; hnoso.
waßled, address Btet 20tM. Qulncy^ acd safatT
t ioS v
tion. Apply at general baggage department*p?«m
SSdSafei^ 110 CtUCagU BaUroad Corn SLI
-ry-ANTED-.A YOUNG MAN OF GOOD llAli
Its. yitli SI,OOO, to fill a good position, where lio
£2?J ia^e P er nionth, net. Call on C. D. .ALDER
SON, Boom 1, No. u South Canal-st.
ISTANTED-ioO MORE LABORERS. SOUTH:
c2.-o per day: 15 tie-cutters, &I 5 par month and
board; also, cheap tickets to all points South at IB
South Canalst. C. V. SNELL. Agent.
TTTANTED-MEN AND WOMEN HAVING $3.
if to travel or locate, and sell an article that costs
3 cents, and sell for 50 cents. Everybody will buy it;
no charge for rights. Apply or semi stamp for circu
lar. CAMPBELL CO., Boom 6, 133 West Madi
son Bte
WANTED— LIFE INSURANCE SOLICITORS
for the city and country; extra Inducements* for
men to work life Insurances. References require*!.
Call on or address J. FRANK COWGILL, General
Agent, 730 Wabash-av.
WAXTED-A GOOD. STEADY TEAMSTER TO
drive a coal wagon. Apfdyatap West Vaaßo
ren-at.
T^ANTED— THIS DAT, 73 MORE FARM HANDS
7 at Si per day and board. 10 wood-chopper? for In
diana; faro advanced to those having baggage; 3
bmler-makers for Michigan, a printer's work; the
highest wages At Employment Headquarters.
Room 3} Lind’s Block, BamloTplvst bridge.
WASTED—LABOIIERS FOR RAILROAD AKD
f f farm work to go South; also, cheap tickets sold
to go South. Apply to E. aV. ANGELL, 21 West Ran
dolph-fit.
"VSTANTED—MEN TO EXAMINE OUR NEW
Tt com sbcller; shells C bushels per hour; retails
at e1.50; no charge for rights; $lO a oar easy. KIM
BALL CO., 155 West Madiaon-st.
TV-ANTED— 200 MEN TO WORK ON A NEW
m railroad in Tennessee; greatly reduced faro to
those going on the work. Also, cheap tickets to Mem*
phla and New Orleans. Apply at 531 Milwaukco-av
Bookkeepers* Clerks* dee.
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS HARDWARE EN
try clerk, immediately. Address-HARDWARE,
care Carrier 8.
Trades.
WANTED —A FIRST-CLASS BODY-MAKER.
TT carriage painter and carriage smith* to go to
Council Bluffs, lowa. Steady employment and good
wages. Apply to HAYDEN KAY, 47 West Ran
dolj»li-st, FWday, Dec. 15,1871, between the hoars of 10
and 12.
TUAUTED-TO GO TO ST. LOUIS—TWO GOOD
TT blacksmiths acquainted with omnibus or plat
form spring work. Also, omnibus body builders,
cither by the day or piece. If by the piece, bodies
will be given In lots of ten or twenty at a time. Stuff
furnished exactahape, rentered, grooved.dodoed, mor-
Uced, andlennoned. For further information call on
GEORGE PENOYER, 325 Wabashavj
WANTED—ITWO 1 TWO GAS-FITTERS AND HELP,
crs. Apply at now buildings on Washington-st.
coat of Randofpfi-st. JAMES T. DUFF.
Grocery store-and stock, lot, dwel.
ling nonse, and out-buildings, in onooftho most
prosperous towns in Northwest lowa, ami situated at
tne junction of two leading railway's, with fair nms
picts of another mink lino within a year, for sale at a
great bargain; business thoroughly established ami
house well known in live counties For particulars
House*’ r ai>l>ly t0 C D Brt SS*
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS if AN COOK t
also one good washer and ironcr. Call at 731 Wa- I
bash-ar.
WANTED— A GOOD CAKE BAKER AND OB
namenler, at 702 West Lake-st. To a good hand,
steady employment.
‘TJtT'ANTED—CARPENTER—IF JOHN CUDDI
TT sod, -who worked for Samuel Bunlidc, at 51 South
Canal-st, will call at tho above number, ho will hear
something to his advantage.
WANTED— WE WANT A FIRST-CLASS CUS
tom pantaloon-maker, to -whom wo will giro con
stant employment at good prices; Address ECHL IN
<t FOOTE, Merchant Tailors, Janesville, Wia.
■\TTANTED—CARPENTERS— AT CORNER OF
T T Chicago-av and Clark-st. J. F. SAVAGE.
WANTED— A good JOURNEYMAN BARBER;
good -wages and steady employment given. Ap
ply immediately to L. RAY, Box 99, Davenport, lowa.
XIT ANTED—TO BOOK BINDERS—A FIRST
TT class ruler. Address TRANSCRIPT CO., Peo
ria, HI;
WANTED— 2 BARBERS, AT 470 WABASHAV.
J. E. WHELAN.
T*TANTED—TINNERS, AT MILTIMORE
TT ALEXANDER’S, 234 Stalest
WANTED— SIX GOOD COMPOSITORS, MALE
or female. Apply caily this morning to FRED.
ALLKS, ISOFomth-av.
WANTED-A GOOD COOK FOR COUNTRY
hotel. Call to-day at 4:30 at H3 West Randolph-st.
WANTED— A GOOD WATCHMAKER AT H.
HOFFMANN’S, No. BS3 StatO-st.
XOTANTED—TIN AND SLATE ROOFERS BY A
TT KNISELY <fc CO., 72 and 74 West Monroo-st
WANTED—FEMALE HELP.
miscellaneous*
WANTED— A WET NERSB WHO LIVES ON
the South Side.'to take an infant to nurse. Ad
dress, for 3 days, L M, Tribune office.
*T*TANTED—A YOUNG LADY CAN HAVE A
TT good home in the conntry, and fair remuneration,
for teaching tnree. children. 12 to is yoara ot ti»o
English branches, music, etc., and assisting In sewing
and light household work best of references given
and requited. Address Mrs. J. A., 16 Eldridge court.
-VKTANTED-A LADY THAT CAN WRITE
plain and rapid. Apply, with reference and spec!-
men writing. 2b West Madison-st, up-stalrs, olllce
of Directory of Burned District.
WANTED-A GOOD HAIRDRESSER (GIRL)
at Mrs. E. HOFFMANN’S, No. 833 State-st.
Domestics*
X\TXNTED-IMMEDIATELY-SIX GOOD DIN
TT ing-room girls to work in a hotel. Application
may bo made to MISS MILLER, at First Presby
tenan Church, corner of Prairie and Jackson-sta, for
one day only. Chicago, Dec. 14. IS7I.
■VSTANTED—A COOK—GERMAN, SWEDE OR
i Norwegian; wages $5 per week no washing;
must bring best references. Apply at C. H. CRAM,
one-half mile up dummy track, Lake View.i
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS COOK IN A PRl
vato boarding-house. Call at basement door of
607 Michigan-av.
W’AI'TEB— AT NO. 909 WEST MADISON-ST,
I* one first-class cook and two dining-room girls;
also ono good girl to work in kitchen. Como early.
W ANTED—AN EXPERIENCED NURSE GIRL
to go 10 miles in the country. Apply at 57 North
Desplaihes-at.
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
housework. Good wages. Apply to JOHN
BARRETT, opposite Transit House, Union Stock
Yards.
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
hon» ework. Apply at 301 Fulton-st, between Cur
tis and May-sta.
WANTED— AT MRS. BATES’ OFFICE. 10PECK
Court, corner Mlchigan-av, capable girls for fam
ily housework and boarding-houses; references re
qulred-
TITAN TED—A GIRL TO COOK, WASH AND
iron in a private family. Wages $4. Apply 696
West Adams-et. 1
XTrANTED—GOOD GIRLS FOR ALL KINDS OF
housework,ln fljst-class private families. Apply
at MRS. THOMPSON’S, 1002 State-st.
TJtT ANTED—IMMEDIATELY A FIRST-CLASS
TT cook and Ironer, to do general housework; good
references required. 597 West Monroo-st.
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL TO DO PLAIN
cooking and general housework in a hoarding
house; good wages will bo paid for auch a party at 170
South Desplaincs-st.
*\7tTANTED —A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
tt housework in a family ot three. Apply at 138
Third-av., up stairs.
WANTED— A GIRL TO WORK FOR A FAMI-
Iy of three; no children. 201 Hoyne st., corner of
Vanßuren.
WANTED-A GIRL TO DO COOKING. WASH-
Ing, and ironing in a private family. Apply in tho
morning at 50 Twenty-olghth-st., one door cast of Wa
bash-av.
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
housework; goodwages. Apply to JOHN BAR
RETT, opposite ’Transit Bouse, Union Stock Yanis.
"TITANTED—A GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE
TT work; good wages to a willing and apt glrL. Apply
at 136 Carrou-et.
XSTANTED—A GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
T t work. Call at 163 Walnnt-st, first street north of
Lake, and between Lincoln and Robcy-sta.
XTrANTED—IMMEDIATELY—'TO GO OUT OP
T T the city, a first-class cook and laundress. Apply
immediately at 229 West Randolph-st, or address, for
two days, with references, CK, 229 West Randolph-st.
WANTED— A GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE
■work: must be a good cook, washer and ironer;
family small.;; Apply at 73 Abenteen-at.
TirANTED—SWEDISH OB GEB3IAN GIKL FOR
W general housework in a small family where there
aro no boarders. Apply at 47 South Carpenter-st-
Wanted— an orphan girl, 12 to 14 years
of age, to take care of children. Call at 490 Hab
bard-st, near Union Park.
TTTANTED—A GOOD OER3IAN, NORWEGIAN,
\y. or American girl at 43 Warren-av, near Union
Park. lor general housework.
TXT ANTED—A GOOD STRONG GIRL FOR GEN-
Y> eral housework; good wages. Apply early, at
53 South Halated-st.
•\xranted— I twelve first-class dining
Ml room girls, also a laundress, for a new hotel a
short distance in the country. Good wages and free
fare. Apply early at Mrs. THOMPSON’S, 1002 State.
WANTED— A GOOD COMPETENT GIRL FOR
laundry and chamberwork. Goodreferences re
quired. Apply immediately al 870 Prairie av-
WANTED— AT 850 PRAIRIE-AV. A THOR
otighly competent cook, washer. and Ironer. Beat
city reference required. Appli" during the week.
Seamstresses'
"TO" ANTED—NECK-TIE HANDS, THOSE WHO
IT know how also, some to leant; those thoroughly
competent will bepennitted to take work homo. 946 a
bash-av, comer Tweaty-ffrst-st. THOMAS ba-
ZEAB
HOITSEHOIJJ GOODS'
F'~ob SECONDHAND
carpets, furniture, stoves, etc. also a largo eno
case. In ham, rear of C 55 state-st. _
BRIG OS HOUSE!
F. M. PIPHK. No. US Soutk Hal
ftteu-st- at^
ANTED-FOR cash-all kinds OF SfcA
end hand fnrnltnre; set out your articles
mo a note. I will call and nay all I can afford.
GLEASON. 112 West Randolpli-at.^
WANTED TO EXCHANGE.
TO EXCHANOE-CCxISO FEET ON LAKE-A\..
will take 200 acres of lowa land_ as part poj. A
farm of 120 acres in Wisconsin fo f Chi°
lot on Wentworth-av., for horso andbuggj.P S, 319
UottagoGrove-av.. corner of Egan.
TXTAN’TED—TO EXCHANGE—I2O-ACRE FARM,
W go acres nnder fence- 53 under cnltivatloD. for
goods sui table for a country store, 137 «st W ashing,
ton-st
dSCk rv/\A STOCK OF DRUGS IN COUNTRY
>5--s,l|U v fto exchange for residence property la,
or near Chicago, Address JW, TriVuao omijo.
srroATioys wawted—utat.-t
m,
S l^ericn«aiioM^S~; BY A THOROCOULY
S=B bSSJZ’SIV r«k?Si St- S}<*.
sized house or late chars™! ™JI ’V ““Jl™
mißh. .nffan excellent cateer S?
Dodge. Joti T AIUr J, H. HAH-
SITCATIOS WaNTKD-a UEtTl.o.e 77
attainted witli lax and InsnrattT? A !r
saßemi-m «I«h Homo law tinn. or will SSSS.-’S
S“" nt01 Insurance claims. AddS-« B. S a.m"
Bsskkeepen* Clem,
fit ITU AT ION WANTED-BY A YOUNG WW
V ot experience in wholesale hardware orCToceriri?-
gcatfaily throughout tho i»2t
a M. Tribune office. 4(9 Wabasha v
S i: K«T ION A YOUNG MAN?
a Rood penman amf qufcft fa tlgnres. with
hnmfr Jn bo °kkeppin£r—ln a commission
P.o U^~ fy i Ci<tate or insurance ntW«»; moderate sail
SSSaftlmie?' “x't'ttfenccssiren. Address HER.
Trades.
Situation wanted—a carpenter df»
sires shop work for the winter-SI
much an object as indoor work won!d
sclfin part payment. Add.J^A^K^ri^^ii!^
SITUATION WANTED-BY A COMPETENT
engineer, to run a stationary enefao- m*i r*£
crence given. Address E. COOK, Tribune-office.
SITUATION WANTED—BY A FTRST-CT \SS
cutter; would work for a small salary for tin? win
tor. Address CTVTIEH. post oaioe, Chicago^
SITUATION WANTED—AS PRESSMAN—BY A
13 rcat
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
Domestic*.
mSufarggJday eC lljTOrk AV r At s
IVASTED-liV COMPETBgrg
kJ f,iri, to do general housework- Is a u-njii-r
on w ymrtb*%:L a i^P%S[
SITUATION WANTED A RESPECTABLE
girl desires a situation to do lighthousowuvK,
sewiug, etc.: wages not *an object, but a-kiml bom»
lies i red; good references. Address II Elf m w-..
ba»h-av-
Housekeepers.
SITUATION WANTED-BY A L.VDY, AS
hoiuekeener. more for a homo tlian vaeiM- ritr
or ciratitrr- Apply to -»T7 Raotlolph-st.
BUSINESS CHANCES,
A RARE OPPORTUNITY FORA PRACTICAL.
Jeweller wiu» si,ooo or §2,000. in Central Illinois.
Chicago. MATSON CO., 481 WabMU-ly
A hardware store, i.v a GOOD LOCA,
Soj,!,'™' E? r 8: !i 0 r M lr ca 1 ruasona Kivea for
TObnneofito. I arUcalar3 "I'lross HARDWARE,
A RARE CHANCE FOR PARTIES WANTING
a location for merchant tailoring and readv-mado
aSKSSiS 0 631 loC3tion m tho Vest In, i iilr
STOCK FOR SALE. IN CENTRAL IL
linois. at ono-half of cost price, for Adiiri*i<
JUSTUS, Same’s Hotel. Chicago. AdOruw
Flour mill for sale, in Illinois. i«
miles from Chicago; a foar-mn mil! complete
wuh engine and boilers, ami all the necessary machin
ery, with coopers shop. etc., the entire for &-..500, or
the engineand boLer, stones and maclUnory, will bo
sold separate. Apph- 1„ j. w. BAXTER CO., mill
furnishers, foot of West ashingt»u-st. Chicago, 111.
For saliva stock of hardware tin
ware, tinners’ tools and store fixture's, ami lar-n
store-room to rent- Apply at 3U7 and 3*)7J West La&-
WILL DIVIDE #37,000 YEARLY BUSINESS
wlto an industrious man lor a sum equal to the re
ceipt* one day in a week; no such chance ever known
in Chicago. fall before closin'? elsewhere at 592 South
State-st, where all the South Side business concon
trates.
Lunch and sample room fob sale-no.
92 South Clinton-st.
ONE OF THE BEST SMALL BOOT AND SHOE
stores In the cltr for sale at cost If sold iramedU
atejy. PHILIPS CHANDLER, 95 West 'r*iM
son-st
"DARE CHANCE FOR BUSINESS FOR A GOOD
Air businessman having from so,ooo to SIO,OOO to get
an interest in a good paying mannfactuiing ami whole
sale business. The best of references given and re
quired. For an interview, address DW O, Tribuuo
office
SALOON ANDFIXTURES FORSALE AT A SAC
rifico If taken to-day. Price. Including stock. S4OO.
Call early and get a good bargain. J. F. LATSUAW
<t CO., CoDState-st.
TO WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS—A
Urst-chuss business establishment to rent or for sale;
established fonrteen years; reason for selling, proprie
tor retiring from buslnesss. Address RG i\ Box 127,
Olney, 111.
The largest wholesale drug Busi
ness In Texas for sale, situated in Galveston
owner being in ill health. Present stock. SIIO,OOO. To
any one wishing to purchase, a good trade is offered.
Terms, ono-linlr cash, balance on time. Address It P.
GEORGE, Galveston, Texas, or SPRAGUE <fc
CLOSE, 36 Platt-st., Now York.
mHE HEALY HALL BILLIARD SALOON FOR
J. sale. Apply at 543 Archer-av.
Ci/f AA-A RARE CHANCE FOR AN ACTIVE
wanting mercantile business. Address
GRANT. Tribune office.
LOST ARB TOURD,
L 9S t tt mond AX’ d c u think at corner
Madison and Lincoln.st.i, pocket-book containing
about S2O; also prltted notice of death of onr littla
daughter In 1389, The finder will bo rewarded on its
return to l7oWarreiPnv. or to WALLACE <fc HEN
DERSON, 37 West Washington -st.
LOST-ON TUESDAY AFTERNOON, B&
tween West Indiana-st. and East Chicago-av., ono
omblack hand satchel containing a blank book on tho
Slate Saving Institution, and between s3oandfioln
money. A liberal reward will ho paid by leaving tho
same at 69 Chicago-av. J
Lost— a small black horse, with
white star on forehead, thin flesh: also, a light
coiored mule, medium size. By returning aacno to
BROWN° Utll San samon-st, wUi ho rewarded. S.
L 0?"J O A; PAPERS BELONOINC TO
G: B. Griffin. Return them to STOREY A
GRIFFIN, 220 West Randoliih-st, and you will bo
suitably rewarded
LOST-A BLANK INSPECTION CERTIFICATE
book, property of Chief Provision Inspector of
Board of Trade, either on Thirty-first-at. South Park
av, Myrirk*av. or Twenty-founh-st. Tho finder will
be liberally rewarded by leaving it at 1434 Indlana-av,
or 23 West Randolph-st, Room l-
LOST— CHILD’S LOCKETS, WITH GOLD COIN,
all on same ring. The subscriber will give de
scription of engravings. «tc., on articles, and pay a
liberal reward. If delivered at 4t9 West Monroe-st. J.
E. WILSON.
LOST— A BAY HORSE, 141 HANDS HIGH, LONG
winter hair, front roofs quite largo: strayed from
201 North Wells-st., about 6 o’clock last evening. A
liberal reward will bo paid for his retain to above
number.
T OST—$25 REWARD—MONDAY AFTER THE
J-J fire, a top buggy. Tho above reward will be paid
on retaining same to 327 Sedgwick-st. C. KROENIQ.
Lost —will the gentleman who
found a pocket-book in rear of 312 West Madison
st. please call at 42 West Madison, between 10 a. m. and
Ip.m. to-day, where the owner will ha anxiously
waiting.
Found— the bight owner is wanted
for a sewing machine and old trunk, taken with
my own things, the morning after the fire, on Sedg
wick-st, between Sigel and Schiller-sts; tho right
.owners can have them by proving property. 285 South
Park-av.
Found —a large red cow, with mark.
The-owner, by paying expenses, will find the same
at my farm, on the Sand Ridge, half a mile west of
HaJstcd-st. directly opposite tho Normal School.
COL. ZANDER.
Found— on twentv-third-st, on mon
day night, December 11, a lady’s fur Victoria©,
which the owner can have by calling at 1072 Prairio
av and paying for advertisement.
QTRAYED OB STOLEN—FROM 111 WEST MADI-
O sonst, horse and buggy. Horse black, with ono
hind foot white; open buggy, black box, running gear
painted red. A liberal reward will bo paid for
mg to ill West Madison-st. A. AgSMALE.
TiriSSING—FROM 468 WEST VAN BUREN-ST..
XU. near Loomis, a white cow, with brown and black
spots about the head, with calf. A liberal reward for
recovery. Address as above.
C>OJf REWARD—STRAYED. ON THE NIGHT
of tho 13th Inst, a light bay horse about 15
hands high. 6 years old. long black. tail, short mane,
rabbit eared; has a wild look, a little white on both
hind legs fust above tho hoof; on the right hind leg.
outsldeThalr has been sheared for blister: has a very
stylish appearance. Any one giving any information
that will lead to his recovery, or bringing him to the
northeast corner Twenty-second and May-sts., will ro
c>‘lve the above reward.
SEWING MACHINES.
ASK FOB THE WORLD-RENOWNED HOWS'"
Sewing Machine; the oldest, beat and most rolia-
ble. and do not buy any other. Offices 2ro south Hal- 1
sted-sL and 529 WabaaU ar. Canvassers wan tod, and,
liberally dealt with.
Grover baker sewing
for sale, payable in work or cash, at South onto
Office, 137 Eigbteenth-st.
-w- tt t fpAw a r»o Ir> T'W’ELFTII-ST. p
J. frfiliniwl
Bleea shmtlo Machines, irilh a« .“V&SH™;
sa&gffisss^ggjg^j^a:
r »*/ir>n VCHINE OFFICE OP J. X.
J wnw?» 6 131 Dearborn now 25 South
jnhraukeo-ar. Machines sold
and wort given in payment.
If desired. _-
—tvato TTOWP VISED AND OTHER FIRST
INGER, HOWE. h i uc3 for aiachines ro
c a l® or rented: oil, neeiUea, and attach
rMailiaon-at.
otvqEß. AND WHEELER W’ILSON
■VtTEE D, SI- u j sale, on easy monthly pay
SVen In payment to those who deim ft.
ff C y VTCHOL& U4 SOQth HalSted-Bt.
PARTNERS wanted*
wanted-a business man,
with In»nt JC.OOO to 38,000, to take half-intero-it la
_ well established manufacturing business. Address,
iwi tvlirences, CiUS. P. WEfcTERFIELD. ptoprtl
ai>r Northwestern Picklo Worts, ilmette. HI.
Partner wanted—s4so will buy a half
K interest in a genteel bnsiness that will pay that
amount per month. 130 West Washington-at., Room 1.
Partner w an ped—with $.>,000 cash, in a
lirst-rate wholesale liquor business, in ono of tha
large cities in Wisconsin; the opportunity is an excel
lent one for the right kind of a man. Apply to SHU
FELDT <fc BALL, Attorneys. 23 West Madison-at.
PARTNER WANTED—WITH ABOUTSI,OOO, TO
engage in a retail grocery business, by one who
nail a very large trade before the lire. Tne best o
reference given aadjrequired. n. M. TAYLOR, Trib
one office.
PEBSONAIi*
"PERSONAL—JOHN WELSH, 42 MICHIGAN-9T,
X let me know if my trunk was saved. If*o. ad
vertise Sundav morning. Address R. D. WILCOX,
333Main-st.. Buffalo, N. Y.
PERSONAL—THE OWNER OF THE SLUT
Jt left at 42 West Madison-st. is reqnosted to callifor
the samebefore Saturday, the 10th last., or it wui no
sold to defray expenses.
INFORMATION WANTED-OF lOBN
supposed to be somewhere in Michigan: oooa
to work on some railroad. Any information co:out-ra-
Ing him will bo thankfully received by his sister, Mary
Aim O’Niol, at 359 Cottage QroT^a?’*