STATE LEGISLATURE.
Becord of Saturday’s Proceed-
ings.
Resolution Offered in the' House Rel
ative to Unpaid Cook County
Taxes of 1867,
The House Adjournment Eesolution
Killed in the Senate.
Work on the Bill Fixing; the Salaries of
State* Officers,
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
COOK COUNTY ABSENTEES.
PnuKGiTELD, HL, Nov. 25.—The absentees from
took County tWa morning ate, Eagan, who is
euk, Foss, Dixon, Mason, Humphrey, Burley,
King, Heafleld, Benne, and Brayton. The
twenty votes of Cook have run down to twelve.
THE ADJOURKMET RESOLUTION.
The Senate voted down the resolution to ad
journ over next week, and yet found itself with,
•out a quorum. Many Senators are becoming
conscious of the consequences of tina system,
-and will try next week to see if they can keep
the members in their places, and not spoil the
good Senatorial record of last winter.
FEES AND SALARIES.
A general feeling of dissatisfaction with tho
Committee on Fees and Salaries for their ex
ceeding slcwness, manifested itself to-day in the
House, by tho passage of a resolution calling on
the committee to report why it had done nothing.
Mr. ilawcs rather opposed it, since the public
•officers were not demanding legislation on the
subject, and others objected to it as rather dis
courteous to the conftmttcc, and its absent Chair
man, Mr. King; but It passed. At noon Morrison,
Derrickson, and Easter departed for Chicago.
COOK COUNTV TAX ARIU2ARS.
Some little flutter was caused tills morning by
tbe introduction of Mr. Barr's resolution relative
to the $129,000 of State taxes which have remain
ed charged against Coot County since 1867, when
♦Salomon refused to extend the equalized assess
ment, Mr. Barr warranting a part of that sum
reassessed m Cook County, and the rest of it de
ducted from the umount paid b\* the
State to the city on account of the
canal. Ho spoke with more vehemence
than was necessary, but the Cook County mem
bers did not lose temper, and hud the resolution
referred to the Revenue Committee for iuvestiga
t:ou. being willing to pay whatever was due,
but not to admit that there was a debt without
investigation. This resolution is no indication of
a desire to oppose factiously legislation needed
for Chicago, and is only defective in that it docs
not mention similar deflcicnces in other counties.
CHICAGO BILLS.
Mr. Campbell's bill for creating a Board of
Cmmciimen in Chicago came up in Committee of
the whole, while no one Is opposed to tho gen
era principle, several members, and some from
LKik, wanted to examine fts details, and it was
reported back to tho House with several pro
posed amendments, among them one by Morri
urn, of Cook, to use the cumulative vote In the
election of Counoilmcn.
WU enlarging the powers of tho Mayor,
oficri-d by Mr, King, was ordered to a third
reading, and the two bills arc about equally ad
vanced, except that the latter is an emergency,
and requires 118 votes.
AFTERNOON SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
There was no quorum in the House in the af
ternoon, but some bills were read.
THE APPORTIONMENT.
There is some Republican dissatisfaction with
the apportionment in Cook County and some
■otherparts of the State, but it does not yet give
<sicns of being so great as to seriously interfere
with the passage of tho bill.
LEGISLATIVE.
SENATE.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
HOUSE ADJOURNMENT RESOLUTION.
Springfield, 111., Nov. 25. —A message was re
ceived from the House announcing tho passage
of a joint resolution to adjourn from Wednesday
next to Monday, December 4.
Mr. FULLER moved the immediate considera
tion of tho resolution.
The yeas and nays being demanded, it was dis
covered that no quorum was present. A call of
the Senate being demanded, some twelve or four
teen leaves of absence were granted.
The Senate unanimously refused to concur in
the resolution, not one vote being heard in ics
.favor.
PAT FOR ABSENT MEMBERS.
The resolution regarding the payment of absent
members, especially as regards a special session,
was called up and adopted. This gives pay
whether they work or pot.
MISCELLANEOUS.
House bill 7, for the protection of farmers and
fruit-growers, was read a second time and re
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture.
-Mr. FULLER introduced tbo Apportionment
bill as, instructed.
NO QUORUM.
One member objected to transacting business
without a quorum, and moved a call of the Sen
ate. The Senate refused to order a call.
JJj, FIERCE characterized the present session
as trivial, and read extracts from papers demon
strating this the long Parliament.
No conclusion regarding the matter was
reached.
Scuflrinir tim fact that the Senators imagined no
uiomm nnd tho farther fact that no
MuoSS 8 r™«odea
to business. After receiving two reports u«u.
IholConimlttee on Engrossed Bills, Mr.sXREVELL
-tcalu opened the question of transacting business
■without a quorum.
Mr. CRAWFORD offered a resolution instruct
ing the Secretary to insert in the journal every
morning the names of absentees.
Dir. IS ILLIAMS offered a substitute to the reso
lution. providing that the names of Senators go
ing homo without leave, thus breaking the
quorum, should he recorded.
Dir. McNULTA opposed the resolution, and
moved to amend by Instructing the Secretary to
report as present any who might come in durin"
the day, no matter what time.
Mr. ALEXANDER objected to the resolution.
It would consume too much time.
Mr. CARTER said his experience of twelve
days as Senator had satisfied him that some
stringent rule was necessary to put an end to ab
senteeism, Ho wanted the record to show clearly
■and distinctly the names of absentees.
Dir. McNulta’a amendment was lost.
A vote was taken and the resolution declared
adopted,
Mr.McNULTA appealed from the decision of
the Chairman.
Mr. Fuller’s appeal was lost for want of a
•quorum—yeas,,llß; nays, 7.
Mr. STKEVKLL offered a resolution providing
that, after Muday, the Senate will compel the
attendance of absentees. Laid over.
Adjourned to Monday, 10 a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
CHICAGO MUNICIPAL REFORM BILL.
Mr. WAITE, from the Committee on Municipal
yiilmrs. reported hack favorably tho bill increas
ing the powers of the Mayor or Chicago, and it
was ordered engrossed for third reading.
JURY RILLS.
Dir. MATTE, from the Judiciary Committee, re
ported back favorably the bill to provide for a
verdict of three-fourths of a jury in civil cases.
Ordered to u first rending.
The Judiciary Committee reported back the
>cm.to bill concerning jurors, with sundry amend
laents. This is the bill .prepared by Senators
-i wctt and Underwood, and is intended to secure
letter juries, and to do away with professional
jnes. Tho amendments were adopted, and the
idl sent to tho Committee of the Whole,
_ MISCELLANEOUS.
Mr. WILLIAMSON introduced a bill to cstab
i fees of county officers, which was sent to Iho
<<*mmlttoe on Fees and Salaries.
The Senate bill to prevent animals from run
‘waß ordered to u third reading.
r Mr.JONLS, of Marshall, offered a resolution ro
■questing the Committee ou Fees and Salaries to
n port why they had delayed to prepare and re
port bills on important subjects before them.
r some remarks, exculpatory of tho commit
tee the motion to refer the resolution to it was
fsi'ote n, and the resolution was adopted.
The bill to provide lor the appointment of
xruardians for habitual drunkards was reported
back, with amendments, which were adopted,
and the bill ordered to a third reading.
Mr. DANIELS, from tno Committee on Legisla
tive Apportionment, reported the Apportionment
bill, which was read a first time, and ordered to a
.second reading.
Mr. HAINES offered a resolution to soften the
force of the preceding one, calling on tbo Foes
and Salaries’ Committee to report whether any
legislation was necessary on tno subject anl, if
so, to submit bills.
UNPAID COOK COUNTY TAXES.
Nr. BARR, of Franklin, offered a resolution iu
relation to the unpaid 6tato Cook Count}* taxes of
IHJ7, amounting to $129,024, -when County Clerk
Salomon refused to extend the increased assess
ment, and directing the Committee on Revenue
to report a bill for the reassessment of a part in
Cook County, and charging the rest against the
amount to be paid by the State to Chicago. Mr.
Harr made a fervent speech In support of the
resolution, and thought it the plain duty of tho
House to tho people, already taxed too much, to
pass the bill, iliey had all pride In Cook County,
nit they did not‘Wont to bo deprived of $129,000
dne them from that cotmtr, ana *which had to b9
in: i tie up bv men already too heavily taxed.
While moved by the calamity of Chicago, ho
.could not forget his duty to his constituents, who
■wfcic poorer than those to whom they were giv
ing of their bounty. -While Cook County asked
for the payment of debts due her, she must also
pay tho debt she justly owed the State.
Mr. HAINES said there were some unjust ro.
flections in the resolution. II was an attempt to
-spin the record to put in a set-off which was not
favored. There was nothing unjust in repaying
the* canal lieu. From Madison County around to
Gallatin more money had been diverted,from tho
time of the Massac insurrection, to the last over*
now Oh the American bottoms than ever in Cook
•County. Tho system of diverting taxes was in
dented iu Egypt. He moved to refer to the Com
cuitteo on Revenue for investigation and report.
Mr. PHELPS said if the money was due ho was
in favor of paying It, and believed other mom*
-bers wonld agree with him.
Mr. ARMSTRONG thought it best to refer tho
resolution. In 18« they had abated taxes on tho
American bottoms.
Mr. WAITE wanted the resolution simply re
ferred, aud did not want to decide positively on
matters of fact. When they bud a full under
standing of the matter Cook County would do
what was right.
Mr. MORRIEON, of Cook. Bald ho had con
demned the action of the County CJcrk In refus
ing to extend the equalized assessment of ISS7.
Neither the County of Cook nor its Representa
tives hud tried to elude the taxes. The people
were willing to pay all they owed.
The motion to refer waa agreed to.
municipal legislatures.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
and took up Mr. Campbell's bill to establish and
logulatc the legislative deportments of cities
having q population of 100,000 or more,
Mr, SULLIVAN offered an amendment to make
VOLUME 25.
af rd ft t °t f eS UaCmor3 cottalstot eighteen, in
back to
gftSKft to navance
whiiSSlt*® tho Mayor increased powers,
CAMPBELL defended his measure.
1 SOOT thought it unwise to press the bill at
llev ras iu favor of the general principle.*
but amendments were needed. v**uwpm.,
Er thought it was a good time to
a 9t OQ the bill. Ho moved, however, that the
bill bo refciTed back.
i T K 8 w ?i? a S rccd to. and the amendments offered
by Mr. Morrison, of Cook, for electing Council
lors by a free vote, was ordered printed.
m JUDICIAL.
Tlic bill fixing tbc time of holding court in the
•Eighth Judicial Circuit was favorably con-
The bill to give Circuit Court Judges and
other Judges of the Superior Court of Cook
County Si.ooo came up.
Mr. COKER moved to- fix it at $3,000.
The amendment was lost, and the bill reported
back.
_ SALARIES OF STATE OFFICERS.
The bill to fix the salaries of State officers was
taken up.
M£ SPRINGER moved to give $5,000 instead of
$9,000 to the Governor. Agreed to.
An amendment to give the Lieutenant Gov
ernor $1,200 was lost.
a ,nc ndl e^ t t0 ve the other State officers
$3,000 instead of s4 t ooo was lost.
An amendment to lix It at $3,500 was lost.
An amendment to give the Superintendent of
agreed *JJ struction instead of $4,000, was
amendment to give tlie Attorney General
$-jHK>yjiß lost, andtlie sum fixed ats3,soo.
The bill -was then reported back favorably.
AFTERNOON SESSION,
v DONATION* OF BOOKS.
No quorum present.
A resolution, offered by Mr. HAINES, was
passed, to {rive Judges of Cook County courts
certain copies of State reports, statutes, &o.
ritIMAUV MKKTINGS.
Mr. HERDMAI* ottered a bill to protect prima
ry meetings, punisu false swearing, bribery, Ac.,
whenever any voluntary political organization
availed itself of the benefits of tho act. Primary
meetings will bo held only on a call signed by tho
Central Committee, and published in the papers.
The bill was sent to tho Committee on Elec
tions.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The Senate bill concerning jurors was read a
second time and sent to the Committee of tho
Whole,
Mr. AUSTIN offered a hill to provide for ap
peal from the Board of Supervisors of any county
to the Circuit Court, tho appellant giving bonds.
The bill to amend the Registry law was road a
second time, together with tho bill for the Eye
and Far infirmary, and sent to the Committee of
the Whole.
The bill to appropriates3.ooo for prison instruc
tion and libraries was taken up iu Committee of
the Whole, discussed for some time and reported
back.
The Senate bill providing that tho vacancy of
County Clerk, Treasurer, Coroner, or Surveyor,
he filled by* the Board of Supervisors or County
Commissioners, was taken up and repotted back
with a recommendation that It lie on the
table.
The committee rose.
Mr. WAITE introduced a bill regulating tho
practice Injustices’ Courts.
A motion to adjourn was lost, showing there
was no quorum.
After ftho usual Saturday afternoon pandemo
nium tho House adjourned.
WASHINGTON.
Special Despatch to Tho Cliicago Tribune.
THE NEW YORK CENTRAL RAILROAD TAX.
Washington, Nov. 23.—The commission ap
pointed by tbo Internal Revenue Bureau to as
certain the amount of scrip dividend of the New
York Central Railroad, liable to tax under the
decision of Commissioner Plcasonton, have just
informed Secretary Beutwell that their decision
will bo forthcoming by the time Co ngress assem
bles. The amount of tax involved in the decision
was $1,200,000, hut the company took an appeal to
the Secretary of the Treasury, claiming that a
argepart of the tax was levied on a dividend
which accrued long before the law under which
the asseesmenttwos made was enaoted. The Secre
tary refused to entertain the appeal, but the
President recommeudcd that the present com
mission be appointed, of which Wm. H. Orton is
Chairman, to ascertain the justice of the com
pany’s plea. It Is intimated that under this plea
the company will escape the payment of a large
portion of the tax. The report of tbo committee
on this point will be conclusive.
THE THREE PER CENTS.
The Secretary of the Treasury will issue a no
tice, in a few days, calling in between two and
three millions or tho three per cents held by the
banks.
SCHENCK.
New York, Nov. 2.".—The Herald's Washington
despatch states that Minister Sohcnck will bo re
called la a very short time, when Secretary Fish
Trill succeed hun. There seems to bo nothing In
the law preventing:! Minister from engagingln
trade or speculation, rustom and dignity, how
ever, has prohibited Ministers from assuming
business or speculative positions. Horace Greeley
stated in the Tribune that “Mr. Schenck should
not bo condemned unheard, as men as able and
worthy as ho la are not so abundant that wo can
afford to crush one on blind nrcsupi”**
Nov. 25.—it is asvenatned from
eh OiUvmi that there is no truth in the
statcmeut.tnat Miniatet Schenck will bo recalled
and Secretary Fish succeed him.
RUSSIAN CHARGE D’AFFAIRES.
General Gorloff will simply act as Charge
d’Affiaircs of Russia until a successor to Catacazy
thall ho appointed, the functions of the latter
having ceased.
ATTOINTMENTS.
D. R. Bislcy has been appointed agent fortho
Indians of the Upper Platte, Whetstone agency;
11. K. Johnson, Internal Revenue Guagor in the
Thirtieth Ohio District; William P. Whitson,
Assistant Assessor in the Seventh Indiana Dla
rict-
TUT. ANNUAL REPORTS.
Washington, Nov. 26.— The President has fin
ished the draft of his annual message, and the
usual care is taken to prevent a premature ex
position of its contents; nor will ho risk tho
printing of It in advance of the delivery of the
document to Congress. All copies will be in
manuscript. Tho Secretary of tho Interior has
completed his report.
CLAIMS AGAINST VENEZUELA.
The awards heretofore made against Venezuela
have not all been discharged by that Republic,
notwithstanding tho efforts of our governments
that direction. This subject will again be brought
to the attention of Congress,
SCHENCK.
It is said by gentleman recently arrived from
Utah that Minister Schenck’a connection with
tho Emma Mining Company as one of the Direct
ors is of recent occurrence. Senator Stowart is,
or was recently, in London ou business connect
ed with the mine.
PATENT EXTENDED.
The Commissioner of Patents yesterday extend
ed the patent of George IV. Kamston, of Indiana,
for tho cotton and hay presses.
MONTGOMERY HLAIR INTERVIEWED.
Washington, Nov. 26.— Hon. Montgomeryßlalr
has been JntervJc wed. Ho says: Lot tho Demo
cratic party as an organization stand back, and
the field be kept clear to the disaffected and in
dependent Republicans. Let the Radicals call
their convention and nominate whoever
they please, and then the Democrats
rally to his support. Ho says some sacrifice
must be made to defeat Grant, and expresses a
personal preference for William Cullen Bryant,
although he thinks Trumbull would moke a splen
did candidate, as would also Judge Davis, Judge
Ramsey, ex-Secrotary Cox, and Grants
Brown. In spite of his tariff proclivities, ho wonld
support G’reoley. He does not think that there
is any scarcity of material, and thinks that the
only difficulty to be apprehended Is the Hunker
ism and 41 Bourbonism"' of the Democracy,
THE WEST.
Fearful Winter Weather on the Plaint—
Men and Animal* Perish ham the
Cold.
Salt Lake, Utah, Nov. 25.— 1t Is reported that
tho loss of life by tho late snow-slides in the
canons is far more serious than statedyesterday.
Quite a number of persons missing are supposed
to be lost.
It is storming again to-day in tho mining dis
tricts of tho nnsatcli. An unusual hard winter
seems inevitable.
Helena, Montana, Nov. 25.—A Fort Shaw.
Montana, special, to-day, says two companies of
tho Seventh Infantry, Major Freeman, com
mander, returning from Fort Browning, wore
caught in yesterday's fearful storm, and are now
camped twelve miles from here, with a number
of men badly frozen.
Later.—Some of tho frozen men have been
brought into tho hospital. Tho worst oases aro
K till out. and are being brought In as fast as pos
sible. They are frozen principally about the
feet, and will lose the toes, and in some oases
cvex U h fcct T ho thermometer this morning
was £0 degrees below.
Helena. Nov. 26, 8 p. m.—Thermometer 15
qegrees below. No stages have arrived from any
direction within thirty-:*lx hours.
A correspondent of tho Lawrence (Kan.) Jour
nal says the recent storm was very so fere on tho
plains and Western Kansas. A largo number of
Texas cattle were frozen, and herds dispersed.
Several herders wero also frozen to death. Five
bodies wore brought into Hayes City on Saturday
night, frozen stiff, supjwscd to have been buffalo
hunters, us the bodies of a large number of buf
faloes were found near them, which laid perished
in the storm. Great anxiety Is felt on account of
other parties of buffalo hunters who are jout and
have not been heard of since the storm. The
Bccbo Brothers, of Ellsworth, lost fifrv-seven
horses and twenty-three cattle. The cold was
unprecedented.
War Deportment Weather Report,
Washington, Nov. £6.— Tlie low barometer
will probablv continue to rise from tho Ohio Val
ley, north and westward, with cold winds, veer
mlrto the northwest, aud increasing to brisk ou
Lakes Michigan and Huron. Norihwcst wmda
and cloudy weather will prevail Ifc tho Middle
and Eastern States on Monday, after the clearing
up; rain to-night. Partially cloudy and pleasant
weather will prevail in tho Southern and Gulf
States 'frith diminished temperature. Cautionary
signals arc ordered for this evening at Milwau
kee nnd Grand Haven, and continue at Cape May
and Buffalo.
Vmrli Posted Detroit,
Detroit, Nov, as.—Passed Down— Propellers
Annie Young, Passaic, Fav; schooner Eagle
Wing.
Passed Ur—Propeller Cltvot Toledo; schooner
Hungarian.
Auxuvld Ur—Bark J. F. Joy.
\N ini>—Southwest.
NEW YORK
Mayor Dali to Share the Fate of His
Fellow-Conspirators.
Excitement Over the Latest
Episcopal Schism.
Br. Ewer Sets tip an Indcpcnd
cut Catholic Episcopal
Church.
[SpecialDespatch to The Chicago Tribune.]
A CATHOLIC EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
New York, Nov. 2C.—The The publica
tion of Rev. Dr. Ewer’s resignation
from Christ Church, and his determination to
establish an independent Catholic Episcopal
Church, has created Intense excitement in eccle
siastical, especially Episcopal, circles hero. Ever
since ritualism began to find sympathizers and
admirers in the Episcopal Church of this coun
try, Dr. Ewer has been ranked, among the
most prominent supporters of the new
doctrines and practices. In ©very movement
tending to a more elaborate ritual and gorgeous
ceremonial bo has been foremost, and so jwido
spread has been his influence that the High
Church party has come to look upon him as their
legitimate leader. Among other things introduc
ed by Ewer Into his routine of duty is the use of
the confessional. A number of fair sinners in his
flock, who felt the burden of their transgressions
too heavy to be borne, gladly accepted the timely
means of relief provided by their pastor, and
the penetential shrine was never unoccupied on
days when the confessor sat in his box. The last
move of the Doctor’s was more than Christ Church
was able to endure, and threats, not loud but
deep, began to be nttered, ominous of the coming
storm. The decisive moment finally arrived when
some effort had to be made to arrest the innova
tions of Ewer; but some days of grace were ob
served in which it was vainly hoped that a peace
able solution might be had of
the vexed question, but It was
not to be. Ritualism was still practiced,
the confessional still used, and It became evident
to the lovers of peace that their well-meant
effort would prove fruitless. So matters stood
until last week. There was a vestry meeting In
the church. It was an anxious time for the office
bearers, but all trouble was saved by Dr. Ewer
who put an end to the suspense by tendering his
resignation, which was instantly and unanimous
ly accepted. Dr. Ewer thus defines bis position
“In resigning the charge of Christ Church, no
pressure was brought to bear upon mo by the
congregation. The act was entirely voluntary
on my part, and I took tho stop wishing the beat
for all parties. I am not what can bo called an
advanced ritualist, though I disown tho name of
Protestant as generally understood. I glory in
calling myself Catholic, but not a Romanist, for
I am as much opposed to tho errors of Romo as
to tho errors of tho Low Church party. I teach
tho doctrines of the prayer-book and
the Church, and have always done so, and I deny
any man’s right to question me as to my views
as lam alone responsible to the Bishop for my
conduct, afid I am happy to say I am in onoire
harmony with hhn in the matter, Ido not deny
that I practiced and encouraged tho use of con
fession, because I recognize it as
one of the doctrines of tho Church;
but I do not use it in tho sense the Church of
Romo does. Mine is what I call a sin-sick con
fession, tho desire felt by a penitent soul to unfold
his sorrows to his proper earthly consoler, (liu
paster). I thought it best to leave Christ Church,
but have no harsh feelings against the men
I have left behind, who do not agree with my
views. I intend to manage my church on moder
ate ritualistic principles, and have no intention
to abandon tho fold of the regular Episcopal
Church; but I feel as if I had a greater latitude
and a larger amount of freedom in this little
building, than I could possibly have in Christ
Church.”
Dr. Ewer’s now service was held to-day in the
Church of the Holy Light, and tbo attendance
was very large, as tbo novelty of tbo latest Epig
copal schism has attracted wido attention.. A
number of the most fashionable women In town
are deeply interested in Ewer and his new
Catholic doctrines, and determined to stand by
him at all hazards. TheothorEpiscopalchurohes
seem excited and alarmed at tho present aspect of
the situation.
MAYOR TULL TO BE ARRESTED.
New Jork.Nov. 2G.—The Times to-day says
Mayor Hall will shortly bo arrested on a similar
complaint to that under which his fellow con
spirators now await the course of Justice.
SILAKSrHABIAN MEMORIAL,
meshakspearo Memorial Committee have con
tacted for a uandsomo base for tho Central Park
statue to 00 dedicated on tho 23d of April.
IMPORTANT SUIT.
Tile great rfJ? i he United States against
Weld dt Co., merchants, t° recover the sum of
$140,000 forfeiture and penalties on goods illegally
imported Into this city and Boston, will ho com
menced before Judge Blatchford to-morrow
aid FOR CHICAGO.
The Mayor of Brooklyn has notified the author
ities of Chicago that he $25,000 fortho needy
of that city.
_ POLITICAL.
The official count elects only two Tammany Al
dermen, Cowan and Plunkett, who are alleged to
have been counted in.
The Greeley Republican Committee last night
resolved in favor of the enactment of anewcUy
charter, and a general combination of all honest
men for tho election of a Mayor in whom capaci
ty shall unite with integrity.
THE TRIGGER.
Captain Bbgardua has accepted the challenge
of Ira Paine to shoot pigeons for SSOO, provided
Paine shoot at twenty-one yards rise instead of
thirty.
_ FRATERNAL.
Bishop Odonhoimer, of New Jersey, has ad
dressed a pastoral letter to the clergy, request
ing them to make collections on Thanksgiving
Day for tho benefit of tbo Chicago churches.
WISCONSIN.
Official Election Returns—Belief far Wis
consin Sufferers—The Upper Mississippi
Froxcn Over.
special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Madison, Nov. 25.—Complete returns, all offi
cial hut two counties—Shawano and Bt. Croix—
of tho vote for Governor, show 78,302 votes for
Washburn to 68,920 for Doolittle, against 69,502 for
Fairchild and 61,231 for Robinson two years ago.
Baetz. for Treasurer, will lead the ticket, as well
as Fallows for School Superintendent. ‘Wheeler,
for State Prison Commissioner, and Johnson, for
Emigrant Commissioner, will have over 10,000
majority. Barlow, for Attorney General, will
have about 10,000, and Broese, for Secretary, and
Pettit, for LieutcnantGovernor, will fall below it
Governor Fairchild acknowledges the receipt
of U 2241s cash relief for Wisconsin fire sufferers.
A little over SIOO,OOO has been received in Mil
waukee and over $30,000 more at Green Bay and
the localities In tho fire district, making $255,000
in all. besides large amounts of food and clothing
Tho Governor, who has jnat been to Green Bay
reports the work of relief being efficiently prose
cuted by tbo Green Bay committee assisted by lo
cal committees. All who wore burned out have
been provided with shelter though for lack
of lumber not all in houses of their
own. Tho cold snap and early closing of naviga
tion interferes with transporting supplies, espe
cially hay, which is much needed for stock. It is
aU tho peopio will pass the whiter com-
A man foil off the bridge across the Wisconsin
at Merrimack, a distance of over thirty foot,
striking lec on tho river, and was supposed to bo
killed, but was about as usual to-day.
The Mississippi Is frozen over at Prairie du
Chien. Tho lakes here are still open.
Mnnlcipal Muddle in liittle Bock.
Little Rock, Ark., Nov. 25.—Mayor Catterson
Inst night deposed tho Chief of Police, Vance, and
appointed Don O’Connell in his stead. Tho four
members of the old Connell directed Vance to re
fuse to obey tho order. This morning tho Mayor
met onco, and saw that ho was still wearing tho
star of the Chief. He demanded Its removal at
onco. VanOc replied that ho wonld not do so un
less ordered by the Council, and drew a pistol
Thereupon the Mayor ordered three special
policemen, whom ho had sworn In, to take tho star
away from Vance by force, and they did so.
This has caused Intense excitement, and it is
stated that the four members of tho old Council
have petitioned tho Governor to declare martial
law in the citv, and fears are entertained that ho
will do so. Too Council stands divided—four to
four—tho old members supporting tho State ad
ministration, and the others against. Under the
general incorporation laws of tho State, the
Mayor has charge of the police, but the Council,
about two years ago. stripped him of that power.
Mayor Cathersou is now asserting the rights of
his office, which the old Mayor allowed to bo
taken away from him.
LATKtL
•The Council met to-night, only five members,
being present. This gave the administration men
their own way, nnd the forthwith elected Kramer
as President: Vance, Chief of Police; C. M.
Bums. City Clerk, all strong partisans of tho ad
ministration. Tho next move on tho municipal
chess board Li anxiously awaited.
Telegraphic Brevities,
The Republicans of Boston have nominated
inton T. Abbot for Mavor.
—Official figures in the late New York State
ele £^SH, BlloV that Scribner received 837,107 votes,
and Willcrs 203,214.
-A farmer named Dennison Milled 7 miles
from Detroit, on the Chicago Road, waa mur
dered In Ilia house on Friday night by a burglar.
Ho.wasstabbed with a knife, nud died immedi
ately, Tho murderer escaped. Tho officers aro in
pursuit.
—A little son of James G. Speer,-of Peoria,
broke through the ice In tho laxe vosterdavand
was drowned. Tho body was 'recovered in
about 15 minutes, and every effort made to re
suscitate It. butVithout avail.
—At a matinee, on Saturday afternoon, in Pike’s
Opera House, Cincinnati, an actor nsmod
J, J. Russell, playing Captain Thornton In “Rob
Foy,” la the scene where he shoots tho Oougall
creature.” prematurely discharged Uispistol.'the
contents passing through IwoMfsrs.onaof which
CHICAGO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1871
vas removed. Though In the presence of a large
hßsemblage, no one In tie audience knew but
what the play was proceeding as usual.
—State Treasurer Parker, of South Carolina,
publishes a statement that the total debt of South
Carolina is only $12,400,000, and that the accounts
are open for the.inspection of the public. The
agency in New York will be discontinued, and
some responsible banking house designated to
pay the interest on the debt.
—On Saturday night four prisoners escaped
fi om tl© jailor at Franklin. In a., as he was taking
in their supper, and escaped. One, charged with
murder, was speedily recaptured. The other
three have not since been heard from.
—Elliottjthe colored member of Congress from
South Carolina, while in an oyster saloon the
other evening, was grossly insulted by a young
white man, who was taking lunch when he name
in, and was also under the influence of liquor.
Ascertaining that this young man, who could not
eat in the presence of a negro, was a government
c ©rk. he maflorepresentation# of the Tatter’s con
duct at the department whore he was employed,
and tLo clerk was discharged.
—John Cooper (colored), supposed to b© the mur
derer of John H. Swing, was arrested near
Xenia. Ohio, and taken to Cleveland on Bator
day. In his trunk were found an under and over
shirt stained with blood. The officers also re
covered Swing’s watch, which Cooper had bar
tered for furniture. lie manifested no surprise
at his arrest, asked no questions, and made no
resistance. He claims that the blood on the shirts
was caused by his nose bleeding, and that the
watch was a mftfrom Irving, who was his untie.
—Schooner Essex sprang a leak on Saturday,
and was beached near Barcleona, N. Y„ abiut
thirty miles west of Buffalo. A wrecking tig.
with steam pumps, has been sent to her relief.
—Nathaniel Preston, an old resident, and for
many years a prominent citizen of Torre Haute.
Ind., formerly cashier of the branch of the old
State Bank of Indiana at that place, fell dead on
Tuesday afternoon,'while walking a short distilace
from his residence.
FOREIGN.
Germany*
New York, Nov. 23.—A special despatch from
Berliu says that tie public mind there is dis
turbed in view of the diplomatic attitude assumed
by Germany toward France. Bismark privately
advocates a continuance of the system of military
preparations for war in the recent action of the
Reichstag, In prolonging tho military budget on
the war estimate. It contemplates the speedy
reoccnpation of the French departments by the
Gormans. Bismark advocates this movement,
for tho reason that ho secs that the tenure of au
thority by the Thiers Government is very pre
carious.
Berlin, Nov. 23.— Orders have been sent to the
navy yard at Kiel to fit out three men-of-war for
Brazil. It is understood that the purpose of the
expedition is to demand satisfaction for the mal
treatment of a German naval officer and two
cadets In a fight in the streets of Rio Janeiro.
The Emperor of Germany accepts the posi
tion of arbitrator between the United States and
England on the question of the boundary of
Vancouver’s Island. Minister Bancroft will be
Invited to present to His Majesty on the 10th
of December the memorandum in tho matter.
Tho argument of the English Government is
expected to bo presented to the Emperor shortly.
Berlin, Nov. 26.—The bill introduced in tho
German Parliament by tho Bavarian Minister,
which provides for tho criminal prosecution of
clergymen who abuse tho privileges of llieir
office, has been read a second time in the Reich
stag.
The Federal tho first branch of
Parliament has approved the bill reported bythe
Budget Commission, fixing tho army for tiroo
years at 400,000 men at a cost of about 00,003,000
thalers.
Great Britain*
London, Nov. 25.—The official bulletin of
the physicians of tho Prince of Wales state that
the symptoms in his case were more favorable
yesterday, but after dark hisfovor increase!, and
the Prince passed a restless and uncomfortable
night.
Tho steamers Java and Trlnacria have arrived
out.
London, hov. 23.—T1i0 colliery explosion yes
terday near Bramwich resulted inline killing of
8 miners. By a similar accident, near Havers
'ora. 20 men were iAjured, but not oao va s killed
outright. An accident on the Northwestern Rail
way, last night, seriously injured 17 persons, but
no deaths are reported.
Ashbury’s yacht, the Livonia, arrived ac Cowes
yesterday.
Teasel, the Liberal candidate, has l>een re*
turned to Parliament from Dover.
The sudden and severe coldness of the weather
causes great distress among the poor within the
city. Seventeen deaths have resulted Immedi
ately from the extreme cold since the ice first
appeared. Measures are being taken to provide
for the suffering.
London, Nov. 26— Evening.—The physicians in
attendance upon the Prince of Wales issued a
bulletin last evening stating that all was going on
well. To-day tho Prince has been suffering from
severe and regular fever.
Belgium*
Brussels, Nov. 25—The rioting hero has boon
suppressed. Apparent quiet prevails, but great
excitement exists. A fresh outbreak is possible
at any moment. Fresh troops arrived In the city
to-day. The authorities are firm, and are taking
efficient steps to aaoll farther dißontar..
Brussels, Nov. 26.—M. do Dooker haijreelgned
the Governorship of Limburg, in order to qoiet
the disturbances, which were becoming of a most
alarming character.
France*
London, Nov. 23—A special despatch from Paris
asserts that Jules Ferry ia sure to bo appointed
Minister to Washington.
Paris, Nov. 23—The publication of tha Jtajpptl
newspaper has been suspended by enters from
the government.
The Commission of Pardons has rotated ap
peals from Ferro, Bosscl and other loading Com
munists.
The decteton of tho Commission of
the coses oi iuo fiIUiJG d Communist pnsonera
Is still kept secret. There ia great anx
iety among all classes \o learn
the fate of General Kossel. The father
of this prisoner has just had an interview with
M. Thiers, in which he begged that the life Of his
son might bo spared. The President was greatly
affected. General Rosscl has written a tetter to
Thiers saying he is ready to die, but imploring
that he may be spared a military degradation!
The General displays great firmness, and works
in prison indofatigably. He has just finished the
second volume of Ms work on the reorganization
of tho army.
Austria*
Vienna, Nov. 25—The newly apppoin ted Cabi
net took their oaths of office to-day.
Heichsrath is convoked for thc2lstof December.
Italy.
Rome. Nov. 25.— United States Minister Marsh
has arrived, and established the American Lega
tion in this city. _
Egypt.
London, Nov. 25.—A special despatch from
Alexandria, Egypt, dated November 23, says that
a terrible catastrophe had occurred In tho barber
of that port. In consequence of a collision between
two steamships carrying passengers and mails.
Tho vessels met with great force, tho shock and
sinking resulting in the death of seventy-five
Algerian pilgrims by drowning. Tho men were
overburdened with gold,the weight of which ren
dered their efiorts to swim unavailing, indeed
Impossible.
Mexico*
New York, Nor. 23.—Mexican news of thei2th
instant says that the government troops, com
manded by General Folentino, were entirely
routed in Durango by tho revolutionary forces,
under command of General Gncrra.
BUSINESS AWflkrf.
A MERCHANT FLOURING MILL IN THE CITY
of Minneapolis, Minnesota, in consequence of
the recent death of one of the owners, is offered for
sale, or exchange for city property. The mill has four
run of four-foot burrs, and is in perfect order. The
business is now, and has always been, highly remuner
ative. tho brands being well-known, very popular, and
meeting a ready sale In all Eastern markets. For fur
thcr information address H. B. HANCOCK. Kinneao
oils, Minn.
Boarding house for sale or ex.
change; best location in tho city, now having7s
boarders; a great bargain will bo given. S. w.
KROFF. a>l. West Madison-st.. Room 13.
Drugstore for sale—first-class, old
establish oil. beautiful fixtures, well selected and
fresh stock, doing a first-rate cash business; long
lease; ill health cause of sale. Address MEDCALFS
it CO., Pekin, ILL
FOR SALE-STOCK FIXTURES AND LEASE OF
grocery More, in good location. For sale cheap.
Apply at 235 West Van Rnren-et. O. BRIGGS.
Half interest iin a first-class res
tanrant for sale; splendid room. 24x60; location
AI, West SldQ; business largo and rapidly increasing:
under no rent. Apply to KIMBALL A CO., 18S West
Mndison-st,, Room 12.
TWTEWSPAPER FOR SALE—ONE OF THE OLD
XI est established and best paying country newana-
Sera In Central Illinois, with complete Job office; only
lopnbliem paper In county; located In a nourishing
city of a,OM t>opulatlon; county scat; throe railroads;
fine and rapidly increasing patronage. Price $3,000;
half down, balance on time. For particulars address
HARDER. LUSE CO,, Chicago Typo Foundry,
PRINTING OFFICE FOR SALE IN THE CITY
of New York; has a Hoe and a Campbell cylinder
and two Gordon presses, and about 300 fonts of modern
book andJobtyjK*. in good order. Price $7,000; terms
cash. Address JAMES CONNER’S SONS, U. 8.
Type Foundry. Centre and Reade sts.. New York.
SEWING MACHINES.
SINGER SEWING MACHINE OFFICE OP J. N
WILKIN S, formerly ISI DearttoßrsL now is? MU
waukee-av. Machines sold cm monthly twtaimOTf
and work given In payment. U
YErEED. SINGER. AND WHEELER WILSON
a NICHOLS, formerly at
Cfrrk-at., now opens at 144 South
Machines sold on easy monthly payxnsnta. Sewing
supplied to those who desire it. wu
TVTEED. 25TNA AND OTHER FIRST-CLASS
VT sewing machines soiil on easy moj&y install.
rnwta. Work taken tn payment. Machine supplies
aNngson hand. W. BTICKNKY, m- XasOßgh
FINANCIAL.
I WILL LOAN MONEY AT VERY REASON
abIe rates on diamonds, watches, silverware, and all
other private property. CONFIDENTIAL CASH
Tnlu.n.' office.
TOANS ON MORTGAGES. NOTES. WARE-
J_/hon»e receipts, country collection paper and lease
hold property. L. R. CAIISWELL. 378 ItaieS. let 9*
sss£»sfssjg iiCT
MOKF.Y TO LOAN ON DIAMONDS OR GOOD
.^u^tTßStnTr 1 3 at Wc3t
GLOBE THEATRE.
OOIu WOOD’S MUSEUM COMPANY AT
IMMENSE SUCCESS!
OP THE PLAY OP THE DAY,
DIVORCE.
Matinees .Wednesdays and Saturdays.
consequence of the west
STAR LECTURE COURSE.
Michlgan-av. Baptist Church.
TO-NIGHT,
EKESSON
Win deliver his lest and most brilliant lecture
“NATURE AND AHT.”
mhS!;£ n A i ™i 8 *5 ,trar lectures, ti.so. Single ad
mission, 50 cents. Reserved scats, 73 cents.
WEST SIDE OPERA HOUSE.
Arlington’s Minstrels!
24 FIRST-GLASS ARTISTS.
Will open for the season
Jflonday Evening, JVov. 27.
-I£ll rS(3as THANKSGIVING MATINEE, com
weaving at 2:30 o’clock. Regular Matinee every Sat-
D ,r* c Cß,7s and 50 cents. No extra charge for reserved
scats, scats can bo procured at tho Box Offico. Mon-
a. ul to sp. m. Doors open at 7:30: com-
“z SAY,
DeCORDOYA,
What About Brown?”
“AH! PHI ABOUT lOffll."
MICHIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
Thirteenth-st. and Michigan-av.
fpin GoiJf GoifflF.
MONDAY EVENING, Nov. 27, and until further no
tice the beautiful new comedy,
PROGRESS,
AND
WOODCOCK’S LITTLE CAME.
IY* Matinee—THANKSGIVING DAY.
WEST SIDE STAR LECTURE COURSE.
Union Park Congregational Church.
DF.CORDOVA, on TUESDAY EVENING, Nov. 28.
Tickets for sale at West Side Library, 237 west Mail
gon-st,: Horton’s Library, era West Lake-st, and
Strchl s Dmg Store. SO West Madlson-st.
TO RENT.
TO RENT.
CENTRAL HALL,
Cor. Wabash.ur.nnd Tvrcnty-sccond-st.
This spacious and elegant Hall, the largest, best ven
plated and mostl centrally located ofianv at present
in this city, will bo finished on the 25thmac. With the
Gallery it will seat 1,100 persona.
Managers of first-class entertainments, who intend
to visit Chicago daring this winter, can now secure
this beautiful Hall on favorable terms. For further
Jnlonaation, apply to
JOHN T, APPLEBEBT,
Office Central Hall, Cor. Wabaah-av.. and Twenty-
Seconds t.
AUCTION SAT/RfL
By GEO. P. GORE CO.,
X and 2 Bandolph-st, corner Mlchlgan-av,
MOTHER GREATAUCTION SAIE!
OF
GUSTOU-fiAOE CLOTHING,
IN
Overcoats, Suits, Coats,
Pants Vests,
on TUESDAY, Nov. 28, at 91-2 a.m.,
whcaVe shall also offer Suit Goods,Notions,Hovers,
Feathers, Iso dozen Army Sock?, Carriage Blankets,
and a beautiful Use ot JZdkfs., Lace Collars, and
Towels.
GEO/ P. GORE A CO., Auctioneers,
Corner Randolph-st. and Mlchlgan-av.
To' Hillinery Goods Jobbers.
LareoMlon/tjsertcdimd fancy featbers, on Tn63-
day, November 29, at u a. m.
GEO. P. GORE CO.,
Corner Randolpli.st. and Michigan or.
Goat A City irctats,
Yon known the assortment of the Jobbers is broken.
Wo can assure you wo have them, ana on
Wednesday, Sot. 29, at 0 1-2 o’clock a. m.,
WILL OFFER, BY CATALOGUE,
3 5,0 0 0
WORTH OF ALL GRADES OF
BOOTS, SHOES,
RUBBERS, 11 SUPPERS,
And their equal In
STYLE, QUALITY VARIETY
No Jobber of this city can show.
GEO. P. GORE CO.,
1 and 2 Randolph-st, cor. Micblgan-av,
BI WM. A. BUTTERS CO.
111-8 PRAIRIE-AV.
Genteel Furniture
AX AUCTION,
on MONDAY, Nov. 27, at 10 o’clock, at dwelling, 1113
Prnirle-av. The entire household effects, consisting
of Parlor, Chamber. Dining-room, and Kitchen Pnrnl.
lure, Brussels Carpets. Bedding. Stoves, etc.
W2£. A. BUTTERS A CO„ Auctioneers,
344 West Jfladison-st.
Genteel Furniture
AT AtTQTIOIV,
on TUESDAY, at 10 o’clock, at dwelling. 344
i 7llO entire household effects,"par-
JSS^&i§^tSS7 Si c a Kl£cU6a Famltaro
WKa. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers,
thanksgiving week.
boots anb shoes,
BWTBBBRS ATD O%*JEBSHOBS t
AT AUCTION,
On Tuciday. &ot. as, at 9 I-a o’clock,
at the Red Front Salesrooms. v
350 C«« *<(r.U, Bn/i, Stan, ml
Bmimmrmfs*
10OC«nJMiR',;« T c mlXMlaal
Otmlsft,
A. BUTTERS A Auctioneers.
DRY GOODS,
Custom Made Clothing,
FUBNISHIKO GOODS,NOTIONS, &c„
AT AUCTION,
On'WEDKXBDA.V, Not. a, at 9J o'clock, at the Bed
Front Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO„ Auctioneers.
CLAIRVOTANTS*
DR. MATHEW AND MADAM MAYNARD CAN
tell of business. Journeys, marriages, law suits
absent friends, lost or stolen property; can positively
tell the truth about anything vou wish to know; euros
all diseases, or co pay. 135 west Madison-st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I?OR SALE-OR EXCHANGE BUILDING.
with lease. No. 936 State-at. 1
Hohse and lot No. 232 Tliirtleth-st.
houses, with lots, on Wahpaaseh-av., with posses*
2 bouses on Langley-av., cheap,
peroral cottages and lota on Burnside and Butter-
Several bouses on Wabash and Mlchlgan-avs.
Cottage, with lease, on Van Buren-st.
Cottage, wltUlease, ou West Hadisou-st.
Cottage, with lease. Bcrlln-st-, fronting the park.
2-story basement brick on Warren-a v.
Building, with lease, on West lladison-st. and Cen*
House and lot on West Madlaon-sC, at a bargain.
2 brick houses on Monroe-st.
Several on Jackson and Adams-sts.
5 new houses on Floum and Lexington-sts.
I 3 cottages on Loomis, near Rucker-st.
A large number of meant lots in any localit r.
Several farms. By A. P. DOWNS CO., *59 West
Hadison-st,
For sale—lots in the burnt district.
Choice corner for business block. H. WHIPPLE.
Room 8.75 Canal-st.
For sale—no. us eightebnth-st.,
between Wabash-av. and State-st, desirable
two story and English basement, 11 rooms, furnace,
gas fixtures, and modem Improvements. Price. 89,000.
No advance since the fire. Terms easy.
For sale-cheap—the fine two-story
and basement frame house, 10 rooms, with all
modem improvements, gas fixtures and first-class
bam 25x40, two-story, with lot 25x130, No. 743 Itichi
gan-av.,between Twenty-first and Twenty-second-sts..
east front, at 8x7,000; 10.000, 3 years at 10 per coat, bal
anceto suit purchaser, NVM. HANSBROUGII,
571 Wahash-av.
For sale-very cheap-two story
house and 50 feet front on Leavitt-st., near Jack
eon, water, gas. etc. Price $5,200; 81.000 down, balance
l,2,3and4years. POTWIN CORBY, Real Estate
Agents, 21SEast Maffison-st.
F)R SALE—LINCOLN PARK LOTS. ON ORCH
aru and Larrabee-sts.; five ytars’vredit given and
cash advanced to build with. BALDWIN 9 DA.VIS,
51 South Halstcd-st.
or Sale—3oxiso, near halsted-st., a
fine business lot. A. DO KATHY, 359 Stato-St.,
2nd floor.
Fob sale—ob lease—manufacturing
property, situated on Twenty-second, English.
Throop, Ceutnsav., and other streets. In tho heart of
the lumber district, having railroad connections, and
adjacent to the river. Ponies looking for manufactur.
ing property will do well to call on us: we will suit
them m price and terms. IV3L D. KERFOOT A CO..
89 East washington-at.
Fob sale-57 feet on canaivst.. near
Washington. on easy terms. Apply to J. «OUER
RRY, Li West Waahingtouat.
FOB SALE—LOTS OF ANY REQUIRED SIZE,
in either division ot tho city, for manufacturing
or residence purposes. Without; cash payment to par
ties who wish to buld Immediately. SNYDER «fc
LEE. Beal Estate Agents; 14 Nixon building, north
cast cor. Monroe and LaSallo-sts.
For sale—a story stone front house,
of 14 rooms, all modem impiovenients: brick bam
ami lot 23x150. on AMilaml-av.. between Monroe and
Adams. SNYDER LEE, Real Estate Agents. H
Nixon building, northeast corner Monroo and La-
BaUe-sts-
For sale—soxlso feet, south front on
Madlson-sL, bet ween Union and Desplaines; title
perfetefe only I conveyance from government. Easy
terms. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate Agent*, Nixon
building, northeast-corner Monroe and LaSallc-sts,
FOR SALE—2-STORY FRAME HOUSE. BRICK
basement, 16 rooms, all modern improvements,
bam, and lot 50x130 feet, cast front| on
Micliignn-av., between Twenty-first and Twcntv-scc
oud-sts. SNYDER LEE, Beal Estate Agent*, 14
Nixon building, northeast comer Monroe and La-
Salle-sts.
FOR SALE—ON FRANKLIN-ST., 190 FT, FRO NT
between Madison and Monroo-sts.; also 30x180 ft
on Madison. (9). CLAFLIN BROS., 201 Madlaou-.st.
SUBURBAN m.at* ESTATE.
For sale—or rent, in evanston.
North Evanston, and Glencoe, houses of from 5
to 10 rooms, at low figures. Prices from $1,300 to $5,500.
Rents from $lO to $25 per month. Monthly payments
will buy a homo. C. E. BROWNE, Boom 13. No. 33
South Csnal-st.
For sale-or rf.nt-at hinsdalk
houses, lots, and farms cheap, on easy terms: will
exchange for city property. Information given from
10 to 1. at 800 Stalest., by the owner, O. J. BTOUQH.
COUNTRY mat* ESTATE!
FOB SALE—CHEAP, AND ON EASY TERMS,
to close on estate, a first-class residence, and grain
elevator, doing a large business, in best part of Illi
nois. Price, $15,000. Address Q. H. EDWARDS. Lon
ark. Carroll Connty.-IIL
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
*\ITANTED—HOUSE AND LOT IN PART EX.
vT change for 90 feet front on "West Madlson-st. (LG)
CLAFLIN BROS., 201 Madlson-st. 1
*TXrANTED—CHICAGO PROPERTY, (NORTH
TT Bide) worth from $30,000 to $60,C00; wUlgivo in
part payment lino stock farm, which contains 1,100
acres, with first-class improvements: have a number
of smaller farms and cash to exchange lor city prop
erty. p. a BROWN, Real Estate Agent, Room S, No.
376 Btate-st.
WANTED— A SUBURBAN HOME WITHIN 20
miles of Chicago, in exchange for unimproved
Hyde Park and North Chicago real estate, worth be
fore the fire SIO,OOO JTassoasion wanted early in the
spring. Address, giving location, character of im
provements, and number of acres, AUSTIN, care of
Tribune office, Chicago.
■\XTANTED —100 RESIDENCE LOTS ON THE
IT North Bide, for our customers; also, few busi
ness lots. Wo have ready buyers for anything that is
LINN CO:. Real Estate Agents, No.
23 E. Klnzle-et., Chicago.
TIT ANTED—BUSINESS PROPERTY IN THE
1 T burnt district, on the South Side. I have ready
cash customers for $500,000 worth of property. Own
era plea so bring In your descriptions. J: HENRY
WEIL, southwest comer of State and Harrlson-sts.!
BOARDING AND LODGING.
QA ABERDEEN-ST. ONE LARGE FRONT
Ov room, and one suite of front rooms, with ail
modern improvements. Location very 'central; first
class accommodations; and or two day boarders ac
commodated.
Off PARK-AV.—FURNISHED FRONT PAR-
O i lor and back room, Vlth first class board, at
reasonable mt<«. TTnnw firnt-class, and gOOd}OOA-
tlon. References require*!.
1 QK TWENT'Y-NINTH-ST.—BETWEEN PRAI-
J-UU rio and Calumet avs.; comfort and economy;
furnished rooms, with full or partial board, to adults
only.
Q/lft WEST MADISON-ST.-TO RENT, UN
furnished, either with or without board, a
very pleasant largo front room: also, l single room,
with board. House has all modern conveniences.
A QQ burnside-st. between twenty*
*xUU ninth and Thirtieth-sta.—One block west of
State st, cars; good rooms, with first-rate accommoda
tions, for married or single gentlemen, at lowest
prices.
*IA A WEST LAKE-ST.-A GENTLEMAN AND
•TfcVf wife, or two single gentlemen, can be ac
commodated with fir«t-cJass board in a private
family.
American house, desplaines, 45 min
utos* rido; you can find a good table, comfortable
rooms, and a pleasant home; terms, £5 to $7 per week.
$2 per day. lor particulars address J.H. GRAY, pro
prietor. orcnll at 112 West Randolph-st.. Room 1.
board wanted.
BOA HD—BY A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE. A
nicely-furnished suite of rooms, or large room
with closet, and good board. Address H 121, Tribune
office.
*|>OARD-FOR MYSELF, WIFE, NURSE, AND
JJ child, on tho West Side, and where there nro no
other boarders. W. C. REYNOLDS, 17C West Wash
ington-st.
Board— by a gentleman and wife, a
nicely furnished suite of rooms, or large room
with close*, and good board. Address HZ24, Tribune
ofllce.
A BUSINESS KAN WOULD INVEST *IO,OOO
or *12,000 In an established mercantile or fa/y
taring business, or would Join a party with capital In
starting a uew enterprise. Address, stating neturo of
business,CONTRACT, Tribune office.
OtVRPENTERS —ANY ONE WISHING TO EM
ploy a first-class builder, with from five to ten
good carpenters, can hear of one by addressing MAC.
Tribune office.
Divorces legally obtained for db»
section, cruelty, &o. Ffee after decree. Scandal
avoided. Eight years’ experience. Address P. O.
Box 1037.
Divorces without newspaper re
port: loan, real estate and common law busines
attended to. NEWELL PRATT, Attorney, 1124 Wa
bash-av.
LUMBER-WE are prepared to deliver
at short notice bills of Joist and other lumber
sawed to order. We have drv Joist, etc., from 12 to 23
feet. Persona wanting long Joists or bills filled, green
or dry, will please call on R. FOWLER A CO,. Boom 1
Ho. 11 Canal-at.
\T|T ANTED—TO BUY THE STOCK AND GOOD
ii will of a retail cash business In the West or South
Division. Advertiser Is ready to invest from $2,000 to
$5,000, and none hnt principals dealt with. Address,
stating business and location, TRADER. Tribune
office.
TXTANTED—EVERY TEAMSTER IN THE CITY
"T to go to CLEMENT A SAVER'S, 2L«C Milwaukee
av. andbuy an army overcoat
YTTAN TED—GOOD PERSONAL PROPERTY—
-11 Horses, stores, hardware, cabinet furniture, etc.,
for which I will give good lots Inside Boulevard, and
pay some cash. Address JWH, Tribune office.
XXTANTED—BY A YOUNG HEALTHY WOMAN,
ll who has lest her babv, a child to nurse, at her
residence. Apply at 239 First-at.
XTCTANTED-A ROOM-MATE, BY A YOUNG*
11 gentleman who has a front parlor in a private
house on South Green-fit., near Adams. Terms low.
Address J S, Tribune office.
Oo KAA-IP THERE ISA MAN IN THIS
t3/«»t)Ul/ vicinity who feels asthongh be could.
anordtorisk|sSAoo in an- enterprise (which is sound)
tliatwill net his investment over 3100,000 in a few
months, I want to see him. It is railroad, coal, and
iron laud matter. The subscriber means btuiness.
Address RAILROAD, 35 Tribune.
(StQrwre A MONTH. EXPENSES PAID-MALE
(PO itf or female agents; horse and outfit fasj
rushed; business new: circulars tree. Address
NOwggrv CO-.Saoe Ms
FINANCIAL.
COMMERCIAL AND REAL ESTATE PAPER
purchased. E. L. CANFIELD, 21 South Clinton
Money to loan—on warehouse Re
ceipts. and other good collaterals, at 39 and 69
days, and on real estate at current rates. Commercial
paper discounted- G. S. HUBBARD, Jn., TO South
Canal-st.-
OAA AAA TO LOAN IN SUMS TO SUIT.
s?wv»VUUfor6o or COdays, on good security.
Secured paper bought and sold. A. 11. LO WY, sll
Wabash-av.
PARTNERS WAHTEBi
PARTNERSHIP WAN TED-A GENTLEMAN
would like to start a non in commercial life, and
offers to snv tax m of good standing In Chicago, needing
additional capital, to place capital with his son, could'
a partnership be secured to him la such firm. Apple
to LYMAN it JACKRON. 79 West Madison st.. CJii
cago. or to J. MASON PARKER, Boston ibrf Build
lug. Boston.
PABTNER WANTED—A MAN* WITH ST..fVO ijf
cash can get in a good-paying, wellestabiuw
business la the country Rl ouco. Aunly to 141 Ful
ton bX.
AMES* ENGINES, PORTABLE 3TO 40-HORffB
±!t, p< 5E? r:t!lI B y?«*. Band IWwae: dpraSr
nulls, Poiamon’sjTindlnr mills, com shallere. be! tin
eta COLUNBEATON,Agm^TOStmth
E s OINK LAT-HES, IRON PLANERS, DRILLS,
and all kinds of Iron tools, at Rochester Machinery
Company. H. G. WORSES, Maaa
ger, <S7 and 39 aontli Canal-at.
E?,S, i 3S s i ROX planers: drills.
mIB toast’"’ TwiatßriU3 at w A JAMESi CO..
ESSi Y SI IOP SHOULD HAVE A UNIVERSAL
oooil-ieorkerat Rochester SlaclUnerrMonnfactnr-
S&SSSSSt. 3 VORSrEP
engines anil sawmills, Daniels Woodworth's
n t!cl;L:ran, l monlder, shaping machines
JwP^Agent SmaCMnea 36 Canal-at. W. NORTH-
T?OR SALE—THE RELIEF COMMITTEE HAVE
Jost received notice of tlio arrival in town of the
h?«i oTii^Ste.i 3
ilde beams, ami Is designed for fine cut and book work
nrice, $5,000. Samples of the work of this machine can
he seen at the committee's room. The smaller Dress la
called a "Medium two roller”; sire of bed. 24x29 de
signed for fine colored work and all kinds of Job-print
ing; price. SI.COO. Mr. Thos.H. Senior. the agent of
Mr. Campbell, Will be at Standard Hall between the
hours of 10 and l o clock Saturday, Nor. 25, to answer
any inquiries or make any explanations desired.
Fob sale—a first-class second-hand
double eibaust-port, 20-inch stroke, 91-1 lucb cvl
i-“!i^ r t S!‘?! ne and fixtures. Price very low. by A. T.
cross, Lyons, lowa.
*pOR SALE-STEAM ENGINES AND BOILERS
A. of all sites, new and second-hand, portable- and
stationary. W. MCGREGOR. No. 23 South Caaal-st
STAVE-HEADING AND SHIN
VS glemachluery at Rochester Manufacturing Com.
(Sna'l s?" G‘ ORMER, Manager, 37 and 89 south
PORTABLE AND STATIONARY ENGINES
and saw saw-mills. Contracts taken to f amishall
classes of machinery at Rochester Machinery Maua
c,tT?i?2 R V? n l,nil T- K G WORMIER, Manager, 37
and sg South tanal-st, 0,1
QXJRFACERS, PLANER AND MATCHER MA-
Sf. chines, Resawers and Wood Lathes, at the ma
chinciy depot of W. A. JAMES CO., 113 Fulton-stT
S ABHAND DOOR MACHINERY-A FULL LINE
ua on hand. W. A. JAMES CO..
S TI j\H enqines-a barge stock on hand
at 113 Fultoa-st. W. A. JAMES CO.
mOMPKiNS’ CHAMPION MOULDING MA
JL chine, with Inside heads, at Rochester Machinery
Manufacturing Company. H. O. WORMER, Mana
por. iff and 39 sooth Canal-st.
TOMPKINS’ PLANERS AND MATCHERS. THE
best In use, at Rochester Manufactnr-
FORMER, Manager,37and 39
■\V T A J T £?~A FLY-WHEEL hub suitable
f° r 10-Inch shaft; to weigh from 16 to s tons;
tet." MinV; gits. Ai,p,y to nobto v c
W E PATTERNS FOR OVERHEAD
11 hangings, with self-olling boxes, a com
plete nest of pulley-patterns up to 33 inches,
and are prepared to take orders for shaft
ing with couplings, and other machine;
foundry, and wooil-shop work Immediately. Also can
make woodworking machinery. A few s and 10 horse
portable engines on hand of our own manufacture.
Also borso tread-power*, saw frames, and saws for
sawing wood. J. I. CASE CO.. Racine. Wls.
TO RENT-STORES* OFFICES, &o.
TO RENT-STEAM POWER-A 2-STORY BRICK
building, in suburbs of South Division. Inquire
of T. B. GRANT, 10 and 12 NBrth Canal-st. 4
TO RENT-SECOND AND THIRD FLOORS
and basement, 4C South Desplalnes-st., for business
purposes, or editorial. A. KIDDER.
TO RENT—ROOM WITH POWER. SUITABLE
for light work, at 149 Archor-qy., cheap.
TO RENT-A NICE LARGE CORNER ROOM
three large windows, for an office or lodging
room for gentlemen. 180 Washington, corner of
Halstcd-st.
TO .RENT-STORKS—IRON FRONT STORE
and basement, 40x50. on Madlson-st., near Wabash.
av„ to bo finished llrst-class by January I. Also stone
front. £43 Wabash-av., near Harmon-couxt. AYRES
EOFF. Ml Wabash-av.
TO RENT—GOOD OFFICES OR DESK ROOM
at mi Wabash-av., near Kanuou-conrt. AYRES
<g EOFF, Ml Wabash-av.
TO BENT—FRONT AND. BACK PARLORS IN
marble front building. No. 674 Wabash-av., bo
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth-sts.; very desirable
for stores or offices: terms reasonable. Apply on
premises to PRAIRIE FARMER COMPANY.
TO RENT—THE DESIRABLE ROOMS. FRONT
and rear parlor, heretofore occupied by the Com
mercial National Bank, at 532 Wabash-av. Possession
immediately.
TO RENT-A FEW DESIRABLE OFFICES ON
Wabash-av., near the new Post Office and the
United States Courts. To bankers—Parlors In the
same building. Brick stable, 25x40. in same location.
WARREN. KEENEY CO., 3SI Wabash-av.
TO BENT—FRONT PABLOS, FURNISHED OR
unfurnished. and ono or two rooms on third door,
furnished for lodging. 214 Calumet-av., near Twenty*
flfth-st.
TO RENT—ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING FOR
man and wife; also famished Irout parlor, attsu
West Jackson-st.
TO RENT—FURNISP.ED ROOMS —ONE PAR*
lor. with a piano, sitting room, and two bed-rooms.
nil well furnished. Inquire at 133 West Twelfth-st.
TO BENT—COUNTRY RESIDENCE—A PINE,
entirely new finished, 2-story frame building,
containing iSTOoma, Ac., in Winotka. about ll miles
from Chicago; 3 blocks from depot, on the Milwaa*
keo Railroad- Cheap to good tenant. Inquire of
KNACER A PRO., cor. Clark and Horon-ats..
Chicago.
TO RENT-IN EVANSTON-A GOOD NEW
honao of to rooms, well located, at §35 per month.
nanuTCR. Room 13, No. W Caoal-at.
TO RENT—S6ANDS3LANGLEY*ST., SOUTHOF
Ellis park, house of 12 rooms; water, gas, fnrnaco,
and bam. Inquire at 52 Langley-at., of J. E. CAS
SIDY.
TO RENT— MICHIGAV-AV.. NOS. 1113. 1120.1153,
marble houses, or sale; low prices; easy terms
SIMEON MEARS. CO9 Wabashav. J
AGENTS WANTED—FOR “CHICAGO AND
JX the Great Conflagration,” by Messrs. Colbert and
Chamberlin, of The Chicago TrlbUAe. A concise
history of the past of this most wonderful of cities, and
a Detailed, circumstantial, and most vivid accounted
Its destruction by fire, with scenes, incidents, dto. to
be complete in one handsomely bound octavo volume
of about goo pages, with numerous Illustrations by
Chapin A OnUtik, from photographic views on
the spot. Agents' bound prospectus (price, SOo) now
ready. For circulars, eta, address J. 8. GOODMAN,
Publisher, is South Green-sL, Chicago.
Agents wanted—for “Chicago and its
Destruction,” a full and complete history of Chi
cago, her past, present, and future, with graphic
scenes, IncllUnts, and full details of the disaster, by
George P. Upton and James W. Sherman, editors of
the Chicago Tribune, With over 400 pages and 50 il
lustrations. It is now ready for delivery. Send $1 for
outlit and choice of territory. Address UNION PUB
LISHING CO., 105 Twenty-second st., Chicago, m.
Agents wanted-dr. goodspeed’s his
tory of Chicago and tho Great Firo Is wanted by
every person interested in Chicago. Prospectus Book
and Outfit fretv. Tho most rapid selling book in Amer
ica. J. W. GOODSPEED, 51 South Carpenter-st. Chi
cago.
Agents wanted sl2 to $24 a day, in
every county In the United States, to sen a newly
patented article of great utility and absolutely needed
a every household. For further particulars address
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANY, Cleveland, O.
;ora
A GENTS WANTED—IISO A MONTH! EMPLOY-
JjL mezitl Extra Inducements! A premium horM
and wagon for agents. We desire to employ agents
for a term of seven years to sell the Buckeye &08hnt
tle Sewing Machine, it makes a stitch alike on both
sides, and is the best low-priced licensed machine in
the world. W. A. HENDERSON A GO., darolaad.
0., or BL Louis, Mo.
Agents wanted— s3o to S2OO per month.
by selling onr now book, GREAT FORTUNES,
AND HOW THEY WERE MADE; or, the Strugglee
and Triumphs of Our Sclf-Mado Men. By J. D. Mc-
Cabe, Jr. By forty eminent examples it teaches bow
to succeed in life, and at the same time benefit man
kind. For particulars, notices of the press, and
extra teems, address E. HANN AFORD A CO., Pub-
Ushers. 213 West Madison-at.. Chicago.
Agents wanted—fob the history of
the War in Europe, It contains over 130 fine on.
gravines ol Battle Scenes and incidents in the War.
and la the only 1011, authentic and official history ol
that great conflict Agents are meeting with unpre
cedented success, selling from 20 to 40 copies per day.
and It is published in both English and German
Caution—lnferior histories axe being circulated. Sea
that the hook yon buy contains 150 One engravings and
800 pages. Send for circulars and see our terms, and a
fnlldcscriptlon of tho work. Address NATIONAL
PUBLISHING CO., MX West Madison-at-, Chicago,
Illinois.
Agents wanted throughout the
Northwest to canvass for several new bodks.
Among them Is Wm. Cullen Bryant’s Library of Poet
ry ana Song, 1.5C0 poems from nearly 500 authors, the
best selection ever published, new edition, revised, im
proved. and fully ulnstrated. Twenty editions called
for within little over six months. Send for circulars,
MOSES WARREN,I2I West BandQlph.st„Cldcogo IIL
Agents wanted—#io to sis a day easily
made, on small capital, with our groat household
article. 60 cent samples free. Address with samp.
A. BAY, 230 West Randolph-st., Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED—MALE AND FEMALE. TO
sell sots of six chromos called American Beauties.
Sample set mailed on receipt of sl. R. B. LANDON,
Agent, No. 8 Lind Block, Chicago,
Agents wanted—sam ples of the best
selling article in tho world sent free. Address
MERRILL A CQ„ 200 Wot Randolph-st., Chicago.
For SALE—A large quantity of good
brick, very cheap,-to close lot, E: H. CUM
MINOS, 379 Wabaah-av.
For sale—rendering kettles—i 10 brl.
kettle, l 4 bri. kettle. As good as new. Inquire
at 538 Archer-av. Chicago.
*»7OR SALE—Si DUMP CARTS, NEW AND IN
JO good order, with harness. Apply to B. R. DE
EDING, No. 52 Twenty-elghthst.
For sale-i bilk.velvet sack, thread.
lace trimmings: cost SISS; price. SIOO. Also. I
heavy black silk dress pattern. Address SUFFERER.
Tribune office.
F>RSALE-5 0R 6 PAIRS OF BLACK SPANISH
chickens from stock itmiortcd last season: tho best
in tho State saoo per pair, or $2.00 for rooster. Ad
dress, or call on. A C. CaU>Y. No. 2 North W^lsUt.
For sale—i ig ft. walnut counter
with or Without desks suitable for insurance or
eank office. Inquire at Gis WasUlngton-av.
F OR SALK -CHEAP THREE HARDER'S
other furniture complete. Inquire
at coal omce. corner Sixteenth and Halted Shi
TO*LEASE— LOTS IN THE BURNT DISTRICT.
To lease—Lots on the West side.
To lease—large basement on North S.
WHIFFLE, Rooms, 75 Consi st.
NUMBER 112,
MAOnlg±ißY«
TO RENT-ROOMS.
TO RENT-HOUSES,
AGENTS WANTED,
FOR SAXJB.
TO LEASE.
rAWHP-aua mtr.«
ixDr
laborers golnp South to St. Loots. ,oc
phis, Vlckstrarjr. Mobile, and other Sntl! a?E^Sf^"
SfSrul? 1 131111 m 3i *Wbio<£aSSSipf:
B£S?isS££ SSSSP
TON, 97 Sonti Halated st. ioaa-
WANTED- EXTRAORDINARY INDUCE-*
meats to flrst-claas canvassers. Address GOlja
MEDAL SEWING MACHINE GO., 393 VfOot
son-st.'
WANTED— INTELLIGENT YniTVfi VVV wy
learn and cncago in tho felesrranhinjr bns:oess ac
PORTER-8 NATIONAL TELEGRAPH COLLEGER
IQ \v aoash-av.
■WANTED-200 LABORERS TO GO SOUTH*
to St I-euie S7 and to all Southern.
Aro y w st
W^ T P^ E:ry hak l>S; ALSO LABOR:
Sou.b re :i^ Ocketa to .IT point*
BAJtKEEP
STE\VART. I I y at I><> 150 NaOlaoa tt. JAMES O.
cien™. *o.
Hew York otl! 8 anJ Wante, t Addreaa 8013M2,
Trades*
TO RUN SASH AND DOOB
sgggjag&.^aaa^
W RULKR-A first-class
f job ruler can bave a permanent situation mil
l™l*m?Kl :,pp ylns to P
TV ANTED—BIUCKI.AVKIIS AT i 5 OlllOfiT
Tf near river. Materials arallaborera onband. Cali
ami see me. DAVID OOODWILLIg.
sss^w
WANTED-TWO TINNERS. Apply at 13U Stato-
Tt st., comer Twenty-ninth.
VV^TED— A GOOD BOV THAT UNDER.
"I 8 8 managing a greenhouse: make boo net*
aKadr
WASTED-COOPERS TO STAKE PORK BAIL
L rt'ls anil tierces with bucked stores. Price for
maWnff cents and SLOS. Work all the hours they
r A E P,rt JAMKS MAHER 136 Hickory-st*
VVA?* TED—T\VO BARBERS. WORK STEADY.
at EDEN DELIGHT, cornerSladison.
and Canal-ats.
\V ANTED—A MACHINIST TO SET UP EX-
SiSTi 3 no £*3* JJL Jdaujng-mill machinery caa
got a good Job. OUNQ <fc CO.. 40 South Jcfferson-st.
VV 4?T ED A FIRST-CLASS TINNER TOGO
to the country; a steady Job; single man pro.-
to syBEKOER BREAfiFA-.jrSnSarl
N o\ 27, near Raudolph-st. brld ge.
Coachmen*
EXPERIENCED coachman*
well recommended; liberal wages. Apply ac
Caroline’s court. Ellzalreth-af.. West side.
WANTBD-FBMAIiB HELP.
OllaeeUaneona*
TfITANTED-TWO LADIES .VS ENTRY CLERKS.
Those writing a plain and rapid hand, and cor
rect in figures, may address R, Tribune office, for
two days.
Domestics*
T\TANTED—A GOOD SECOND GIRL. IN PRf.
aiiis-g't l<} at Ermston. Apply at 352 West Ad-
W ANTED—A FIRST-CLASS COOK. WASHER,
and ironer; also a good second girL No others
need apply. References required. Call Monday, bo
tween 10 and 12. or a and -I. at 674 Wabash-av 3
W^^ D A^JR^ TO J 0 GENERAL HOI’SB.
work In small family; Norwegian or German pro
lerrcd. Apply at 76 North Carpenter-st.
WANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
n smal Swede preferred. 131
AN AMERICAN GIRL. DE3TI
tnte of a comfortable home, and willing to assist
PHL°Ji onsellol l duties of a small family, may annlr
at 300 Warrau-av. 4 4
•WANTED—A GOOD GIRL. IN A FAMILY OK*
JJ. ..E: 0116 11 0 «ux help with Uio care ol a baby.
Callat 277 South Morgan-st.
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework Apply at WO West Lake-st.
WANTED-A WET NURSE (WITHOUT
child). Apply at 49 South Aila-at, between S
ami 9 a. m., or 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
XITANTED—A GOOD GIRL TO DO COOKING,
1 washing and ironing. Inquire at S3 West Adams
st.. corner Jeffursoa.
tfITTTATIOSS WANTED—MAi*.
Boekk eepera* Clerks, dfco
(SITUATION WANTED—AS SOAP SALESMAN*
-by a young man acquainted with the retail trade of
Chicago. Can furnish the beat ot references. Addrew
SITUATION WANTED—BY A COMPETENT
person, as bookkeeper or salesman in
a commission house; can furnish a small capital; first
class recommendations given. Address 441 Triban®
office.
QITUATION WANTED—IN A HOTEL AS NIGITU
k? clerk, porter, or runner. Can furnish references.
Address C H A, Box 34. Hinsdale, 111.
SITUATION WANTED-A YOUNG LAWYER
of three years’ experience In the courts ol this cirr
desires a clerkship In a law office. Address LEX*
Tribune office.
Trades*
SITUATION WANTED—AS COOK IN A HOTEL
kJ or restaurant. References given. Address COOK.
Tribune office.
OITUATION WANTED—AS SUPERINTEND
kj ont of buUdings of brick, atone or wood, by a prac
tical mechanic of 20 years' experience; would contract;
for work or buildings complete, of any kind. Good
reference given. Address ib North Cnrponter-at.
isrmATiONs WAirnn-FRMaT.m
Domestics*
SITUATIONS WANTED-BY TWO ENGLISH
O girls, in same family, as cook and second glrL An
ply at 170 Cottage Grovo-av.. from n to 5. 1
LOST AND FOUND.
A CUTTER LENT TO MEN TO MOVE TRUNKS
on the morning of the 9th, was taken to West Sida
from Piue-st., near Rush; owned by THOMAS RAW
MQND. v.
LOST— TAKEN FROM my office the
night of the fire to Lako Park, two statement
(press letter) books. If aaved. a liberal rewardwill
be paid on return to my office. No. 3 Masonic Building,
comer cf Randolphand Halsted-sts.. or for informa
lion that will Icailto their recovery. W. SL EGAN. S
Lost— in a wabash-av. stage, on sun
ilay morning, a gohl bracelet. The tlndorwlll bo
rewarded by leaving it at 1155 WabasU-av., or giving
nfonuation in regard to it.
Lost— on the morning of October o. a
bright bay stallion, fifteen and one-half handa
high, black legs, mane and tall; air years old. Are
ward of SIOO will be paid for the return of said horse.
D. J. WREN, 43 Fourtcenth-st.
Lost— on the 9th of October, a light
road wagon, with monogram G B JI when last:
seen it was being hauled by parlies with a mirror on
It: any information of Its whereabouts will bo thank
fully received by its owner. THOMAS H. BROWN,
IC2 South Peorla-st.
LOST— ON SATURDAY NIGHT AT THE TRlß
uno office, a black whalebone or ebony cane, loaded
at tho end ;_party that took It will please retuta to
Cashier at Tribune office; it may have been taken ia
mistake; tho cone was a valued present from a friend.
Found— a small bay horse, star om
forehead. Call at 9G Ashley-st. JACOB CONRAD.
Taken up-on Novembers*, lan, a light
bay mare, alKint 14 hands high, heavy built. Can
Ik? found at 43 South Hoisted st.
WANTED TO RENT*
WANTED —TO RENT TWO OR TURKS
room for housekeeping, on West Side. Three la
family. Address JH, Tribune office.
\KT ANTED—TO BENT—A FURNISHED BOOM,
1 without board, for two young men, with slovo oc
register, north of Twelflh-st., South Side. Adtlreaa O,
Bowen, Hunt A Winslow.
TSTANTED—TO BENT—2 OR 3 ROOMS. SUIT
1T able for housekeeping, for a small family, where
rent is reasonable. Adore sw AO, Tribune office.
■\gTANTKD—TO RENT—A LOFT OR BOOM FOR
ft a book bitdery. Address, with terms, BA 0,95
West Lake-st.
TIT ANTE D—TO RENT—TWO TO FIVE ROOMS,
IT or small honse.for housekeeping, within 20min
utes* walk of Halsted-st. bridge. Address AW F
Tribune office.
TtTANTED—TO RENT—A COMFORTABLY FUR
TT niahedroom. with fire amigos, where comfort*
of home mar be eujoved, and no questions asked. Ad
dress PROMPT PAY, Tribune office, giving location
and terms.
■WANTED—TO RENT—A COTTAGE OF FIVE
t rooms, within 10 minutes’ walk of Twenty second
st. and Indjana-av. Address, with particulars and
terms, J. E. NORTON, wilh Stanton Jt Co., 557 Wa
bash-nv.
WANTED —TO BENT—A STORE. OR ONE#
lialf thereof, on West Madison or HalsteJ-st*.,
suitable for sewing macliine salesroom. AddicssN,
Tribuno office.
HORSES AHD CARRIAGES.
A FORCED SALE OF IIORES-T WENTV HEAD
at auction on Wednesday, 29th inst., at 10 a.m.,
In rear of SIS State-st.
For sale—two wholesale notion wag
ons,medium size; Hoyt’s Ithica-made peddling
wagons, as good as new. for solo cheap. MONB
ANDERSON «t CO., La Crosse, Wls.
TPOR SALE—THE CLEVELAND LIGHTNING
X 1 Rod Company have for sale 10 more good, service
able young horses. Wishing to close out the balance
soon, we are prepared to givo some good bargains.
Call and see them. O. P. BAKER, 43 St. John's
place. West Side.
FOR SALE—SO MULES AT 500 SOUTH HAL
eted-et.. by D. LARNEY. Must be sold aa ho is to
leave town.
FOR SALE-CHEAP, A-TWO-HORSE FAMILY
cnarli; parties have no use for it since the lire.
desire to sell immediately. Call at 4.0 West Lake-sL
For sale—bay horse, harness and
Waakrt. Cost SEW; for sale for Sim. CHA3.
euODllAls, northwest corner Clark and Washing
ton-sts.
FOR SALE—A HORSE, WAGON. HARNESS,
»lcl S h, and sartiUe. Also. MO A So. 1 good cheow.
inquire at No. ?o South Cllnton-st.
FOR SALE—IO HEAD OP LARGE HEAVY
horses, at Centre-av. stables, 370 and C2Wwt
Madlsou-st.
WANTED—TO BUY; FOB CASH. -A SINGLE
vf horse track wagon, and a peddHag wagon ami
l»on»e: coffee or candy wagon preferred. Aourw*
HARRINGTON. Tribuno office.
PERSOKAZg
IfiSl
WVHSDVAL —tVLLL E. FAGAN. PLEASE AD»
P drSa ronr fi£«rTQla3k<iw. JCMoari. B. B, Y4.-,
OAK.
P- EBSONAL-THE PARTIES WHO TOOK THE
nockethouk off the comxter of the Merchants Far
n-cra* Mechanics’ Savings 3au*c. Saturday xdchLU
known, and had better return the «uu and savn fur
ther
T a E RELATIONS OF JOHN PETER SCHASTT
teIh who came to the city of PhlUldphU a twy.vi I
enufrratodweArw.ini. will hear -vunMUlw tl thtxr in
terest by addressing WILLIAM, cars I*,.
LIPS. VX' C.-dum-fLar., Chicago, Ul.