6
'J'H K DUELLO.
The Qanrpel—An Ap
peal t« the Cede and a Bqnare Back.
Pown-Fnll Corrcttpomlcuce ol the Bcl
l>strtnii.
Fit mtlie Cincinnati Enquirer. Dec. 5.
On Saturday last we gave a full and sub
stantially true account of a ditliculty which
took place between Major General Bdrbridg©
and Colonel O’Keal, in Covington, the day
before, in which wc stated that a duel be
tween the parties was imminent, and, if re
ports were to he credited, hud already been
arranged for.
From the ensuing correspondence, which
we are permitted to publish by ouo of the
parties directly couuected with the case, it
will bo seen that tho hostile mooting was
really arranged for, and would have taken
place, hut for the—however we will let thi
reader himself decide as to the causes which
sanguinary heroes to abandon
the aflair. Suffice it to say that tho corres
pondence is spic3‘ aud well worth reading,
that class usually found in the
Hotter-it riter s Oirv Hook or the Hyhfolary
Oaide, both of which, though staudam works,
.arc unsuited to the exigencies of such times,
■and, we ma3’ add, such heroes.
To the Editor of fhc Emjuircr
I feel justilled, from the numerous newspaper
accounts of my recent dillicnlty with Colonel
O’Neal, aud a 'popular misapjtrclieii.sioii of the
facts, to place the following correspondence before
the public. S. G. D.
[Copy.]
COLONELO’NEAL 30 OtNJUiAI. Uf RURIDGE.
Covington, Kl., Dec. 1,1871.
Central B. G. Jlitrbrufyc
Sir; I received u blow from you this morning
on tho street. 1 was taken entirely by surprise.
Our relations you know well. X now demand
satisfaction for the injury you have done me. Mi
love for your family necessarily precludes mu
from sending you u clmlleuge. it la with you,
however, to waive all matters of that sort. You
well knew tUls morning that you were armed and
ihat I was not; and your attack was tlie kind
that I would have guarded against from a rufljau,
notficm a gentleman. Therefore I demand sat
isfaction. Weden O'Neal.
GENERAL ntr.nRIDGE TO COLONEL O’NEAL.
Covington, Ky., Dec. 1.1871.
Colonel TT’coVn O'Scul:
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the re
ceipt of your note of this date, which was handed
me hy Colonel C. I*. Wilcox. You complain of a
••blow” Tihieh I gave you on the streetthismorn
ing. and demand satisfaction for the same. You
explain, however, that love for my family pre
cludes you in»m sending me a “challenge)” and
add that “it is with you [me] to waive all matters
of That tort.” You conclude hy repeating the de
mand for satisfaction.
I am at a loss to understand what you mean by
asking satisfaction,” and at the same time dis
claiming Hie purpose of challenging me.
I have cnli' to say, sir, that, wuile heartily re
gret t)ic occurrence of this morning, yet. if rem
it cl that you rt rpiire satisfaction, I am ready to
rflord it to you, uud waive all the family con
siderations to which you refer.
I return this by Colonel Wilcox, who informs
n;e that he is authorized by vouto receive iuv an
finer. I am, sir, *S. G. Burubidge.
COLONEL O’nEaL TO GENERAL RUIUtBIDGE.
£ovisgtoN, Ky., Deo. 1,1871.
General S. G. Tlnrhridijc, Covington, Ky.:
fim: Yoms of this date lias been handed me
by Colonel C. I*. 'Wilcox. It is now with you to
say at what lime and place you will render tho
satisfaction I demand tor the insult and injury
you inflicted upon me this morning. I am. sir,
We den- O’Neal.
GENERAL BUIUIIDGE TO COLONEL O’NEAL.
Colcr.tl If. O'Xeiil
Sir: I have received your communication of
this date in reply to mine m answer to a former
one from you, also of tins date, in which you de
mand satisfaction for the occurrence of this
morning. In reply I haw to say that I have
placed the matter entirely in the hands of my
irk-nd, Colonel W. G. T-rrell, who will confer
•with such friend of yours as vou may designate
in regard to the terms, etc., of the satisfaction
yen suggest. I am, sir.
S. G. BraimiDGE.
COLONEL O’NEAL TO COLONEL TERRELL.
_ CorisGToy, Dec. 2, isn.
Colonel VT. G. Terrel!
fiiu: A communication from General S. G. Bur
bridge has this moment been banded to me, in
foiming me that he has placed the matter of
dillcrenee between him and myself in your hands,
aml that yon will confer with such friends as I
may designate. Not having consulted with my
irleuds in regard to rheir willingness to act in the
matter, I will be compelled to ask your indul
gence until to morrow (December 2,1571), at 10
o’clock a. m., at which time I will designate the
friend who will confer with you. Yours, respect
fully, Weden O’Neal.
COLONEL O’XIIAL TO COLONEL TERRELL.
_ COVINGTON, Ky., Dec. 2,1871.
C. Jon cl 7T. G. Terrell:
Dear Sir: This will be handed to you by my
friend. Captain J. M. Tisdale, who is authorized
by me to confer ilh yon in regard to the matter
<*f diilerence between General Borbridgc and
myself, Respectfully, Weden O’Neal.
COLONEL TERRELL TO COLONEL O’NE.VL.
Covington, Ky., Dec*. 1,1871.
Colonel W. O'Xatl:
1 will meet your friend at the hour vou name,
at the Clinton Hotel, Respectfully,
TV. G. Terrell.
COLONEL TERRELL TO COLONEL STANSIFER.
Spencer House, Cincinnati,
Dec. 2,1871, Da.m. i
Blv Dear Sir I have an appointment to meet
Colonel O’Neil’s friend, at the Clinton House, in
Covington, Ky.. at 10 a. m. to-day. Please see
him forme and say that the publications in the
newspapers this morning, in relation to his ditli
culty with (.General Burbridge, In my judgment,
make it imprudent far me to meet lum in Cov
ington. Have him come here—Boom No. 1«.
try truly yours. W. G. Terrell.
To Colonel.!. M. Stansifer (present).
C.MTAIK J. M. T;~!.AU: to COLONEL TEIIUELL.
Covington, Ky., Dec. 2,1371,
Colo,-,cl Terrell, Cincinnati, O.
Dear Sin: i called at the Clinton Hotel about
in o'clock this morning to see you. Was informed
that you was absent, but that another gentleman
was Ihci c to represent you. Met Colonel Stansifer,
who banded me your note. Have arranged with
him to be at the Merchant’s Hotel, in Cincinnati,
to-day at 12 o'clock m. promptly. Respectfullr,
J. 81. Tisdale.*
CATTAIN TISDALE TO COLONEL TERRELL.
lIEUCU.Ws 110ir.1., CISCLSSATiIo., i
_ Dec. 2,1871. i
Dear .Sn:; lam authorized hv Colonel O’Neal
to say that if bis communication of yesterduv -was
construed Into a challenge that the construction
is an erroneous one. Bespcctfully yours.
Xo Colonel fr. G. Terrell (present).
COLONEL TERRELL TO CAPTAIN TISDALE.
Cincinnati, Dec, 2, 1571.
Sin: Your note in behalf of Colonel O’Neal, just
handed me, excites my surprise at its extraordi
nary character.
Ii Colonel O'Neal does not mean hv bis reiter
ated demand for satisfaction from General Bur
bridge, for alleged “injury and insult,” and his
request that General B. should lix the time and
place ot meeting, what, in the name of all that is
ivasonahle. did he mean I
My fricna. General Burbrhlge, construing the
demand as its terms manifestly implied, and
promptly accepting the same lias.much to his per
sonal inconvenience, left the State ami is now
awaiting my action. Please, therefore, see Colo
nel O’Neal without delay, and ascertain more pre
cisely the meaning of the note which mv friend
understands to he a challenge. If his explanation
as deemed insulllcient, he must submit to tha in
evitable construction which sensible people and
men of honor will place upon his conduct. Very
respectfully, W. G. Trkbell.
To Captain J. M. Tisdale.
CATTAIN TISUALE TO COLONEL TERRELL.
Cincinnati, Dec.
f'olouel TcrrrU.
Your cote lias just been handed me, and in re
spume I have lo say that lam authorized by
Colonel O'Xeal to that the object of his com
munication yesterday was (based) upon the fact
that General Burbiitlge hud done him au injury,
and he desired to know from him if he was wlli
inir to lender satisfaction for the same. The sat
knution he desires is such as two yeutlemeu
would fcay was due him under the circumstam-es,
w ithont reference to the Code of Honor. Colonel
CEKcd further assures ms that he would not en
uiil upon himself the disqualilicatlous thatthc
seudimr a chalien.se to a citizen of Kentucky
would necessarily email upon him.
I’cnmt me to repeat here, as I did to you in our
interview this inoruiu?, that, after we have ex
hausted every possible means to settle this dif
ference amicably. I have done with it, I have the
honor to he, sir, yours respectfully,
.Tames m. Tisdale.
COLONEL TLIUIEI I, TO MI!. TtsDALK.
SrKNCEit UorsK, Ciscixs.vti, Dee. n
Sin: I have received your explanation of Cjl
r.nel o'2\c:il's memHnir in demanding satisfac
-1 ion" of General Uurlmdgo for injure and in
sult" “inflicted"uponhim. Iliave no authority
to act as a peace commissioner in this business, ’f
shall advise General Burliridge to pay no farther
attention to Colonel O’ifol. Very respectfully,
IV. G. TeJ.’EELL. j
To J. M. TIFbAtS, E?q.
Mr. Tisdale, on Monday .mornimr, T)ocom-
Ijer 4, presented another letter in regard to
the matter wliiclrColouelTerrell declined, to
reccire.
Tl*c Fire at Warwick Casilc.
People who have visited England, and those
contemplating a visit- there, will deplore the
ealnmity that has befallen the nohleoldcastle
the Lari of "Warwick. It was one of the
great sights of the island, and perhaps the
best preserved of all its old feudal strong
holds. The despatches state that the great
hall, the dining-hall, and the other state
apartments, were totally burned out. with
all their precious contents in relics of an
tiriUJty and in works of art. The famous
arwick Vase is not included among these,
for it was placed in a splendid greenhouse in
the grand court of the castle, and detached
from the portion that contained tire state
apartments.
The Great Hall of Warwick Castle was en
tered from the inner court. It was 02 feet
long. 40 wide. and 20 high to the comice,
while the level of the ceiling was nine feet
higher. The floor was of rare marble and
the ceiling was an elaborate specimen of or
namental woodwork. The walls were waius
cotted with venerable oak, and decorated
with deers’ antlers and suits of ancient his
torical armor. The windows were of richlv
stained glass, and among the curiosities d£
the hull were an old Greek sarcophagus, and
an antique bust of Hercules. The hall
•opened at one end into the suite
of state rooms, and at the other into
the domestic apartments, which were opened
to visitors when the EarPs family were ah
ren?' JJ 1 ""’hole length of the suite was :J>J
-These rooms were all crowded with
art treasure. Among the pictures was prob
ably audycks best portrait of Charles 1. on
iiorseback. there were also priceless pic
tures by hembramlt, Uubens, Paul Veronese.
Leonardo inei. Andrea del Sarto, Guido
Lein. Sir I eter Lely, numerous portraits bv
f amlyct, and many works of HolboiiT,
Jhei.--. Temm-s, David, and other meat paint
ers. The State bed-room was huu" with
tapestry name at Umssels in loot, rem-eseul
ing the gardens of Versailles, and the rich
bed and other furniture hud bebmged to
Oncost Anne. The Kud Drawing
room. 1 ho Cedar Drawing-room.
ihe (*iicpcl and the passage to it, were all
tilled with the rarest works of art. The great
dining-room was a magniliceut hall. Aiuousr
its fin nit are was the famous Kenilworth
luiflot. made in Warwick for the Great Ex
hibition of isji, aud xircsented to the Earlou
his mau iage.
The juivate apartments were live in num
ber. A marble table in one cost
Among the numerous pictures was the
I..by Vanrtyck, induSing
portraits of Charles XL, James XL; ami Mary,
1 rmcess of Oraape, in thi-ir infancy. Tfie
lilriaiy contained four or five thousand vol
nines, many of them very rare. It is impos
fciiue to estimate in ivouey the value of the
in djMjrty tuat must iiave been dcst-oyoil if
tlie nreswept through “the great hail, the
amine hall, and other 'state apartments,” as
the telegraph reports.
THE OLDEST INHABITANT.
A Blaine Blast in His Second Ceoinry
Dr. P. M. Written In tbe Gospel Banner.
Some of your readers have heard of that
ancient linton whoso vitality carried him
through inure than one and a half centuries,
and I (suppose all have either seen or heard
of that garrulous, sooty old crone—Josco
Heth—ltanium's genuine humbug, aged 171
years, who claimed to have put the lirst
swaddling clothes on the “Father of his
Country/' and to have “raised dear little
George/' But perhaps they may never have
heard of old air. Samuel Goodrid"C and his
family, in Cauaau, Alamo. If not, the fol
joy xag may be of some interest to them:
ihia aged man was horn in the town of
Bonnet, June 0,1767, nine years before the
Declaration of American Independence,"
as a strapping lad of 10 at the close of the
Devolution, and is now in his 105ch \*ear.
tie was married in 17S0, moved to his present
residence in ISl2 —then an unbroken wilder
ness; put up a cabin, felled the forest and
cleared ins farm on which he constantly la
bored till so lately as ISOS. At OS he planted,
hoed aud mowed—beside cultivating an acre
of cum uear his house. At 00 he performed
Jns last labor—used his old hoo aud scythe
for the last time; reluctantly parting with
such true and tried friends.
From that time till within the last two
rears he has choml some hi and around the
house,: since which he has not gone out of
S-iV rs lJ t sieved from room to room, ■frith
cufliciilty. Some eight weeks ago he was at
tacked wuh pueiimonia, caused by a severe
cold while watching from an open window
the carpenters at work on his piazza. Fears
are entertained that he will never wholly re
cover from the effects. He has been quite
deaf for some years, therefore talks little
with strangers.
H is daughter informs me that he converses
with her on all subjects, that he has taken
great interest in all the affairs of the farm,
and that his judgment is generally' correct. A
grandson who visited him last winter, told me
that the old gentleman was much pleased to
see him—-talked freely’ on different subjects,
and when asked what ho thought of the idea
of running a railroad through the town re
plied: “It will cut up many good farms, and
1 think will injure us more than it will do us
good.”
He is of medium height, broad and deep
chested. rather full habit, head broad
through the temporal region, and light com
plexion—on whose face time’s plow has
failed to turn deep or frequent furrows.
His hair is not much thinned, though bleach
ed by the frosts of so many winters. lam
also told that he possesses’ great lirm
ness of purpose and punctuality; that
he was always hospitable to friends
and strangers, and that his was a true type
of the real old-fashioned Xew England homo
—where oft 011 a winter’s evening companies
met to while awa3’the hours, with jollvchats
and jokes, and “stories told of mauv a* feat,”
aud songs went round, and also ‘the line
flavored apples piled high on mammoth
bowls, and parched corn, all of which was
helped down—not with lemonade—but by
copious draughts of cider from huge pitchers
standing in tho corners of the lirc-nlace
wanning and waiting to ho quailed. Here
on these occasions thev kept late hours and
ate their late suppers, though, as arule,tho3’
retired and rose earl3’.
W hat was raised on the farm was there con
sumed—hay. corn, potatoes, and apples.
His orchard often produced 800 to 1,000
bushels of apples. I am told, also, that
sometimes 80 barrels of cider were put into
the cellar for himself and neighbors, aud
that before cider-making came round again
it was all exhausted.
1 did not make special inquiry relative to
the old man’s religion, but from what I have
heard he never made any great pretentions
to pieti*. Generous and free in
spirit and open aud earnest in
nature, ho has nevertheless, like many
others, been in the habit of expressing
himself sometimes in auj’thing but devout,
language, and old as ho is. that habit is still
upon him. If, to use a profane word makes a
man wicked as some say it docs, aud that
the wicked shall uotlive out half his days
what an aged old fellow Mr. G. would have
been if Lenad lived a life of pietr.
His father lived to see his hlth birthday
and his mother died a .vear or tw*o 3*ounger.
One of his brothers died at the same age as
1 illvT' 1 undone sister is supposed to
be still living at a great age; and stranger
still, he chose a companion who also lived to
he bore him eleven children, all of whom
graw to maturity, of whom eight are still liv
ing. “Hand in hand withlingeringstepsaud
slow, this aged couple walked in wedlock
between three and four-score 3’cars. Their
eldest child, a daughter, is 81 years old, has
ten children all healthy aud wealthy, and arc
counted among our most substantial citizens
both in body and mind.
Mr. Goodridge’s progenj-who are still liv
ing is as follows; Children, 8; grand-chil
dren, (IS; grcat-grand-children, 10S. The num
ber of great-groat-grand-children I have not
been able to obtain, but of these there are
quite a number. I have seen four or live of
tJiem which were very health 3*, active chil
dren. But perhaps the most extraordinary
fact of all is this, that one of Mr. Goodridge*s
grand-daughters, to cheer her grandpa’s de
clining vears, presented him with four great
grandchildren at one birth.
THE ENGLISH WHIPPING-POST.
Flogging Prisoners nl Newgale Prison.
Prom Ibe London Echo, Nov. is.
Foggy, very,outside Newgate’s dingy stone
walls, and within darkness, fog. mid gas
lights lighting forthe supremacy, light being
decidedly in the minority. There was evi
dently something important on the way, for
the solid waters seemed slightlv excited, a
wretched tinkling bell kept giving tongue,
and two or three biglcdgcr-likcbooks—man
uscript books upon the city crime—were car
ried about; but 10 o r cloek arriving brought
with it Mr. Jrhcritrßennett and Under-Sher
iffs Beard and Gresley. with ‘whom about a
dozen people—representatives of the press,
the Governor, Mr. Jonas, and the surgeon.
The next minute wo were all stand
ing in a cold, dim, stone-paved room,
into which the cold morning light filtered
through iron gratings. On one side stood a
black set of old-looking stocks, with holes
for wrists, the bottom being an enclosed box.
There was no delay; Mr. Sheriff Beuuet
stood watch in hand; close to him n stoutish,
short, gray man, in what is known as a Car
digan jacket, and two warders ushered in
the first prisoner, Bernard Began, a stout,
muscular young fellow, with a low typo of
countenance, guilty of helping to inveigle a
man up a court, where the poor wretch was
nearly kicked to death,robbed,and left with
one eye hanging out upon his cheek. .Ber
nard Began is to receive thirty lashes, seven
years’ penal servitude, and seven years’ po
lice supervision. The warders assist him to
prepare. There is a good deal of the wild
beast about bis aspect, but he takes all very
coolly, and in a few seconds the cross armsof
the stocks have been openedand closed upon
ills wrists, and the box-like lower part has
gaped and admitted him. An ugly affair this
whipping-post—stocks, or whatever it may
be termed—and the culprit presented an ap
pearance reminding one something of a gro
tesque initial T. his arms being stretchedout
to their fullest extent and passing.through
the wood, whose padded holes closely coniine
the wrist. The lower box-like portion, too,
is peculiar, reaching, as it does, waist high,
and, when closed, completely shutting from
sight the lower portions of the man’s body.
Now Caleraft slews forward, armed with a
whip, whose handle is a couple of feet long,
and whoso thongs—nine—are of stout whin
coi d.
2, ISTi.
Lash 1- J There is a slight hissing through
the air. and the thongs fall with a dull pat
upon the naked flesh from the right shoulder
diagonally across to the waist. The man
winces slightly, hut hears it without a mur
mur. Lash! lash! lash! slowly and regu
larly, and, after the first three or four, thin
red "lines streak the prisoner's hack, hut no
blood. Tlic lashes fail on slowly and regu
larly, hnt no cry escapes the man until the
twelfth, when he begins to writhe a little
and utters a suppressed “Oh!” The skin
now grows furiously red, and the lines
streaked across run one into the other, till,
by the time twenty lashes had been admin
istered, a broad scarlet baud, like a heraldic
bar sinister, marked the radian, who now
uttered a'villi “Oil!” half sigh, half groan,
at every blow—blows administered with the
greatest coolness by Calcraft.
•‘l'Joa fairly,” exclaimed the prisoner at
last, evidently asking for a distribution of
the lashes over a wider surface: hut they fell
in the same line regularly and methodically
to the thirtieth, when the man was cast
loose, and the blood ready to start through
the bruised skin but not a strand of the cat
is stained, and the man is merely looking a
little faint as lie walked back to Ins cell. The
tunc of execution was but one minute and
twenty seconds.
Samuel Lilly was tbc second oil'emlcr upon
whom sentence was to be carried out: a
younger, more boyish-looking fellow. He
stood smiling as he stripped olf his shirt evi
i nohung the preparations in contempt,
hnt Ins t hincr, fairer skin, threatened to
give place to more sniveling, !ls it
proved. 11 is punishment was to he but
twenty-live lashes forrobbery with
and the same term of imprisonment and su
pervision awarded to his fellow, Jii« crime
was robbery from the nerson. one of those
street attacks upon a defenseless woman,
whose watch he seized in open daylight in a
busy street, snatched the chain dud ran oIV,
pursued, though by a couple of witnesses of
the deed. These overtook and captured him,
hut not until he had made a desperate resist
ance, using for weapon a stouo which ho held
in his haiuL It seems absurdly, scandal
ously unjust, that he should ho flogged for
such an offense while the cat never
touches the back of such scoundrels
as that Holton man. who lately set ou a
dog lo tear the flesh from bis wife's arm. A
minute an diced for him to be secured in posi
tion, and the flogging recommenced. The
first blow nnnlc the poor wretch wince ter
r ,y»!whritiug,asfar us his well-secured arms
and legs would allow. Suppressed exclama
tions escaped as the blows fell, and it seemed
as .u involuntarily the quivering muscles
TjgiSl CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 187 L
crcpt closerto the stocks, so as to place a fow
moroinches-distanco between them aud the
executioneer, ami the man curving his back
inward, and twisting so as to hinder the
strokes of Calcraft, who stopped and drew
the lashes through his left hand from time to
time, disentangling them, and waiting till
the man Lad resumed his upright attitude
before he continued the flogging.
Don’t stop, please!” Keep on, please
the prisoner exclaimed, as the halts were
made, and then .another aud another blow
f.)l,Calcraftcoollytolliugtlio wincing cul
rnt to hold still, or he would only hurt him
sell all the more. Don't stop, please* hit
further up, please "were the
and at last in his agony the man laid his
head down upon one arm with gasping utfcer
auee—that peculiar sibillant drawing in of
tin* breath of one in intense pain.
aim eflects were the same as in tho last:
the diagonal pink hues growiue scarlet, aud
running into one another till there was a
broad scarlet hand, which quivered aud
flushed and changed color. But there was
no blood and when the cat was afterwards
examined, it was not even moistened, every
knotted thong reaiainiug dry and crisp as
when lirst brought out for use.
Twenty-four, twenty-live lashes fell, and
then a loud voice cned “Stop!” and the pris
oner was cast loose, to walk quietly away
Iroin the post. There had been no shrieks or
loud groans—nothing to indicate that the
punishment was very terrible. No appear
ance of fainting, nothing more than might
be expected from a sharplashiug that tingled
and burned the skin to a tremendous extent,
no doubt. There was nothing, in fact, more
than what seemed to ho wholesome puuish
meut. That it was deserved the account
given of the misdeeds fully bears out. Rut
this is no common performance. The last
was in May. ISTO._ Intended as a preventive
punishment, it is well that its infliction
should ho wideJi’ known.
ARIZONA DIAMONDS.
Have Wc a Diamond Field at Our
l>oorf>
Prom the San Francisco Bulletin, Nov. 24.
fciucc the days of the exploration and con
quest of the southern portion of the Ameri
can Continent by’ Heruau Cortez and his
hard-hitting, pious, and plunder-loving fol
lowers, the belief that Arizona—in which
there were then situated, as wo now know
the famous “Kingdom of Cibola,” for which
Coronado and De Soto sought long from
opposite directions—abounded in the
precious metals and precious stones,
has been current. So far as the
precious, metals are concerned, recent
explorations and mining operations
have abundantly demonstrated the truth of
the old traditions, and it is not impossible,
wo might perhaps say’ not improbable,
that the deposits of precious stones, which
the Aztecs worked centuries ago, aro soon to
be found. It is known that the Aztecs oc
cupied Arizona in the early davs, and that
they assured Cortez and his followers that
the precious stones—of which they' had a
considerable store—came from the far north,
beyond the limits of the Empire of the Mon
tezuma as the Spaniards found it. The ruins
of those cities aro scattered through Central
Arizona, and aro outside of the greater
mins limning in a semi-circle from the vicin
ity of ■\Yickenburg, on the Hassiyampi, far
to the northward into the country’ of the
Colorado Chiquito, around the Black
Forest and San Francisco mountain,
and sonthwestward to the Gila. East
of the mouth of the tfalina is
found a range of minor ruins on the hill
tops near running water, supposed at first
to have been temples of the sun, but now
admitted to have been entrenched mining
camps, located in an enemy’s country’, or in
a country subject to raids from a hostile
people—probably the ancestors of the saintly
ami iamh-likc Apache pots of Vincent Col
yer of the present day. In the vicinity of
many of these camps slag andotherevb
deuces of working for silver and gold aro
found, but in others no traces of the precious
metals are found, and the inference that the
occupants must have been seeking for some
thing else is quite natural. One of these ru
ins is located on abed oflava, which flowed
lor a huudred miles to the southeast
from the now silent crater of
Mount fc»au Francisco, and is twen
ty miles from water. The builders of
that camp were evidently’ cutting through
the lava and mining for something under
neath it. Years ago, Kit Carson’s men, in
passing through the Kavajo countrr, in N'ew
Mexico, and the eastern portion of {he never
fully explored country of the Moquis, found
on a gravelly plain large quantities of small
red stones in the earth, carried out by the
red ants of the country, and carried some of
them away with them. Years after. Fred
Henry’, a well-known Arizona Indian-tighter
and miner, gave a number of these stones to
a gentleman from this city, who had
one of them ground by a lapidary,
and it proved to be a genuine ruby,
though not very valuable on account of its
dark color, the lighter lined ones having the
preference in the market. A very pale em
erald found on the Hasiyauipi accompanied
the rubies, and all the stories aro now in the
cabinet of Wells’ Female College, Auburn,
X. V. Other rubies of similar character have
been brought here from time to time by ex
plorers, and have been seen by' various jew
ellers in this city. The diamond is generally
found in a country producing the ruby and
emerald, and the opinion that it would bo
discovered in Arizona appears to have been
verified. A Montgomery street Jeweller in
forms us that a few mouths since a party’ of
explorers in Arizona found among the ant
hills some bright stones which took their
fancy, and they brought several of them
away. Some of these stones were scattered
around and lost, and by far the
finest— described as being of the
size of a common cnestnut—was
placed on an anvil and smashed into a
thousand places as a test of its being a dia
mond, it beinga popular fallacy that a real
diamond cannot bo broken by any metallic
or mineral substance less hard than itself.
After this no particular attention was paid
to them, until one which had been sent to
Boston and cut by a lapidary was returned
here certilicd to be a brilliant of the purest
water of two carats weight, and worth from
$•>00 to S4OO. It was hero shown to a Montgom
ery’ street jeweller from whom wo have the
above particulars. Upon its being returned
herewith the nows of its character ami
value, the party quietly fitted out for an
other trip, and returned to Arizona. Noth
ing has since been heard from them, hut if
they do not fall victims to the relentless—wo
beg pardon, the kind, gentle and trustworthy
Apache—wc shall probably in duo time have
something more to tell about their discov
eries.
A FATED FAMILY.
The Curse of an Old Croue, and What
Came of It*
From Hie Detroit Free Press, Dec. 4,
Friday evening, a sickly-Jooking man, palo
and weak, with scarcely voice enough left
to make himself heard two feet away, called
at the Central Station and asked for lodg
ings, giving his name as Eggcrman.
lie was in and out several times Saturday,
and during the afternoon scoured a ride with
a farmer who was going to Dearborn, whore
the man has a relative. Wheu asked his ail
ment, he stated that nothing ailed him—
that is, no disease. He said that he felt just
as well as ho ever did, having no pain, but
that for two years he had been going down
hill every day, and the half a dozen doctors
whom ho had consulted could do him no
good. No one could ever name his disease,
excepting to call It a gradual wasting away.
The man had a curious story to relate b v way
of explaining his condition, physically and
financially.
He stated that about sis years ago, while
living in Bengal Township, Clinton County,
haying a family consisting of wife and live
children, an old crone, gray-headed and al
most toothless, came along one evening and
asked for lodgings, Eggerraan had friends
staying at his house, and there was no room
fpr the Old woman. She was offered a bite
to cat, but got angry and refused it. declar
ing that if she was not given abed, she
would leave her curse with the family. A
halo and hearty man, the fanner laughed at
her, and she plodded off', staying at a house a
mile away. A week from that day, a sou 5
years.old was thrown from a horse which he
was riding, and so injured internally that
his death occurred three days after. No one
thought of the old woman in connection
with tho accident until the family with
whom she had stopped called and made
known the fact that she had predicted the
death of Eggermau’s family for being so in
hospitable as to refuse bora, bed. The acci
dent to tho hoy was in February, audin
April the eldest son married of!'and settled
near Alma, Cratiot Comity. A month later
ho wasso mangicu uy a filing tree that h<j
lived but a fortnight.
Having a chance to sell out he removed to
Flint, and for a few months kept a saloon
and eating house there. While
there a daughter 11 years old
was taken sick and died. Egger
imm then removed to Bay City, and for
a year was foreman of a gang of *meu who
made it their business to assist in loading
vessels and piling lumber. He was one day
taken home with a broken leg, and the mes
senger who went ahead to notify his wife en
countered another messenger coming to tell
the husband that the wife was dead. She had
been in ill-health since the death of tho
daughter, and had fallen from her chair and
died in some sort of tit. Left a widower with
two children, tho unfortunate man sent one
of them, a girl nearly 15 years old, to his sis
ters, at the Rochester settlement, Clinton
County, and James, still older wont to Mus
kegon to work in a saw-mill. A year ago
last August James disappeared nudcrcircam
stancos"leading to the.belief that ho had
<-oininitted suicide, and has not been heard
of since. In September last the daughter,
who had left Clinton County to take up a
residence at Kuuica, Kent Count}*, was taken
ill of erysipelas and died iu twenty-four
hours .after. Since then the old man has
been living near Holly.
‘r 0 ar 1,8 t'he old crone’s curse has had any
thing to do with the fates of the family,
everybody is left free to judge for himself.
-Lhe dates and names were taken from a paper
in possession ofEggerman, who is Infcolli
,°ncat, and so near the grave him
self that he would not feel like giving circu
lation. to a falsehood.
TZic Tfcliiorne Case—Examination of
Wilm-nNC* for (lie Claimant.
Tbc Tichhorne Haronctcy case was resumed
on November 14, when additional evidence
tto ti as -J aUcd oa tho sido f
Jacoi Svi; S 11 witnessoa were Captain
R -*>•>'"’hoknew KogorTich-
Mr i was quartered at Clonmel;
Sivfli nISl Hol ea f n eri i- a private in the
tsixln Cragoon Guards; Mr. Henrv Moccali-
V<'.Oi :11 d i uas V: rof tllo David
Leslie, rvlio often dined with Tichbone when
he was in the army; Patrick Barry who
once in the Carabineers; Mr.R. H. Cohen who
frequent opportunities of seeing S
horno when a Cornet in tho dragoons Mr
J. K Linder, ttjio had teen farrier in the f
mop of the regiment; Mr. J lLrls also
of the Carabineers; Martin Borte a ’com
™r a b i Marks, m.w
fnd“ Mr H 6 Powell
ly Eoger Tiehhorne's Ouibe
foljowrag day the witnesses called were Mrs
Ann hoi lie, wife of the farm bailiff at Tieh
horue; Mr. Henry Noble, her husband; Rov
Ihomas Moyriek, a Catholic priest in Bris
tol, who had known Roger Tichhorne many
years ago, and was with him at Stouvlmrst-
Mrs. Lleanor Smith, whoso late husband w»
haihll to a former Baronet; Mr Tamos
Howleston. who had been acquainted with
Roger rn Ins earlier years: Mr. William
Cooper, a resident at Alresford, and Mr. Wil-
Anchor Inn at
it! these swore posi
tively to the rdentißcation of tho claimant
as Roger Tichhorne. During the dav, in an
ewer to a question from tho Judge, Sergeant
Ballantme said he could not say wheS this
class of witnesses would ho exhausted. It
was impossible lor him to limit his case, and
as long as ho has respectable witnesses as
!"r, 1( ua l l<y PP, w 8 to caU them.
Then, said the Lord Chief Justice, “yon
H™, l\° idea when your case wili end."
geant replied the learned Ser-
How n Man Wu Affected by a Grain of
Strychnine,
A man in Harrisburg recently attempted
to commit suicide hy taking a grain of
The skill of his physician hav
ing saved hia life, he narrates his experience
for the heuetit of science. Ho says:
111 the course of live minutes I began to
feel slight cramps m the calves of my logs.
Iho cramps increased in intensity’, and
extended to tho feet and thighs, caus
ing the most intense pain. I attempted
nso from tho chair, but fell
to the floor with convulsions in the
lower extremities. Unsuccessful attempts
were made to bathe my foot in hot water,
each eflbrt to raise mo bringing on a violent
paroxysm, in the last one of which I thought
my jaws had become unhinged, I was now
perfectly paral3’zed from the hips down, and
suffering the most excruciating pains, which
began to extend upward: the muscles of the
shoulders and neck soon being considerably
convulsed; tho forearms still being free
from pain.
“I now prepared for tho final struggle,
w’hicn I knew* must be near at baud, as 1 had
become rigid from tho neck down, save tho
forearm. Tho convulsions of tho muscles
were becoming fearful, and the torture awful
to endure. M3’ hands were drawn in to my
sides, with the lingers drawn apart, and
bowed, and tho jaws became rigid.
1 felt ui3’self raised as if by some mighty
power, aud fixed immovablj’, with only my
tect and head touching uii3'thlng. I be
came unconscious of everything
except my ow;n agou3% which was now be
yond all description. I could feel my heart
lluitenu’r, and m3’brain beating and throb
bing with an irregular motion, as though at
cvciy beat it would burst from its confine
ment. Every joint was locked, and ever3’
drop of blood seemed stagnated. I remem
ber thinking it could not be long thus, when
1 must have lost consciousness.
“I remember nothing more until I felt a
sensation of relief, as though tho garments
01 death, which had been drawn over me,
were now’ being drawn back. Those terrible
crainps secmed to be descending towards m3’
lower limbs. A feeling of relief stole over
me, and I began to he again conscious.
From that time I resumed consciousness,
when I was entirelj* free from cramp, with
the exception of a little in tho feet. I had
but one attack of cramps afterward, which
was immediately relieved hy a dose admin
istered by m.v wife—the doctor having left
for a short time—ami when ho returned I felt
that tho poison was neutral
ized.”
He is not Ifkely* to tr3’ str3’chniuo again.
—Mi«s Nellie Grant will not enter society this
winter, but her cousin. Mlsa Maggie Dent, la to
make her tkbul, and will have a partv given her
at the While House.
TO RENT.
COBNER STORE
FOR KENT.
Britk Blouk, northeast corner State st. nnrt Eldrirtge
court,
BAIRD BRADLEY,
384 Wabash-av.
OFFICES TO RENT
In new brick building adjoining Martisou-st. Bridge.
Kent low. Immediate posdcasion.
NORTON A CO:
WANTED.
1 Btllr Mm.
Wanted—-Several Copies of the
WEEKLY TRIBUNE for several
years past, for which a liberal
price will be paid.
TRIBUNE CO.,
15 South Canal-st., Chicago.
STATIONERY.
Smeal,Rebanks&Co.,
STATIONERS,
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURERS AND COM
MERCIAL PRINTERS,
40 E. HARRZSO3V-ST.,
Bet. State-st and Wabafrh-av.. Chicago.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LOOK I
1,000 kits, 18 lbs. each, big, fat, new and
large Family Mackerel, and at $1 to $1.25
per kit. 5&UT813,211 Hicbigan-av.,
north of Congress-st.
RUPTURE.
The proof that Dr. Marsh’s Patent Radical Cure
Truss will cure Rupture is thotestlnionj’ of those who
have worn them and been cured. In use now over 18
years and has cured thousands of cases. These and
all land of Trusses. Sbouiclerjßraces, Elastic Stockings,
apparatus for deformatles. etc., accurately fitted by
MARSH «t BOWLES,
Southeast corner State and Eighteenths!.
STORAGE.
THORNE CO.,
Ham and Storage Warehouse,
uwrow stock vards.
RTLiberal advances made on provisions in store.
CHICAGO ALTON RAILROAD,
FREIGHT OFFICE,
NOTICE.
Ofi Ami alter dale Freight will bo delivered by this
Company at Van Buren-st. in place ol Hough's Pack
ing House. Hi Di iIEM»
Local Freight Agent*
CUK’ACO, tec. S, 1871.
Hard Wood Lumber.
OGLESBEE UIATTXNGEY
ITavo removed their stock of lumber from
Toy South Canal-st. to the corner of Canal amt Eight
eenlh-sls., ami have now on hand a full of all
kinds of hard-wood lumber, including ifoorti-Vft °uk.
ash. whitewood. hickory ami elm. iJUIs cut to order.
F. H. HAMILTON, Agent, corner Canal and Eight
eenth-sis.
Floors that Wont Burn!
MADE OF BSARBIiS,
WHITE BLACK,
By GEO. BARNEY, SWANTON, Yt.
HOTEL TABLE
At the Imperial Parlors, 584
"Wahash-av. 50 cts. per meal.
WATER -AT LAST.
The Bethesda Mineral Springs,
Of Waukesha, Wis.. are numing again at 730 Wahash
av.. (formerly in the Tribune Building. Donbai-’H won
derful discovery. for which ho many have been Inquir
ing since the great conflagration. All can now bo sop
plied.
SHOW CASES.
Three now patented designs, superior to aU others.
Send for circular. W. H. GROVE, mauulactutar, U1
North Foorth-st., Philadelphia-
KEMOVALS.
REMOVAL.
LEOPOLD KUH &CO.,
Manufacturers of, and Jobbers in
Woollen Tailor Trimmings, Etc.,
170 MTCHTGAIT-AV.,
(BETWEEN ADAMS AND JAOKSON-STS.),
We take pleasure to announce to our pa
trols, and the trade in general, that we have
removed to our spacious brick store, 170
Hichig-an-av., where, with our manufactur
ing department in complete order, are ready
to fill all orders promptly.
REMOVAL.
sun, m, smuiss 41
WHOLESALE
CLOTHING MANmCTUEEES,
AND JOBBERS IN WOOLLENS,
have removed to Uielr NEW BRICK STORE,
172 Micliljran-av., bet. Adams
and Jackson-sts*
Having hart a full force of Cnttera employed for the
past six -weeks, wo have now on hand, (ana are daily
receiving from our workmen) a lair assortment of
Clothing, nU of our manufacture, to which wo invite
tho attention of our friends and tho trade generally.
ALLEN MACKEY
HAVE
REMOVED
TO
THEIR NEW STORE,
Cor. State and Monroe,
Robert T. Lincoln
has removert Ida Law Olllco to
16 Congress-st.
HOTELS.
Clifton House,
NORTHWEST CORNER OF
WMMM AID Him*.
W. A. JENKINS, Proprietor.
H. F. KEETREDQE.
St. James Hotel,
11. (MAID POMS,
The only first-class, well-fur
nished Hotel on the South Side.
CITY HOTEL,
Corner Sixteenth and State-sts.,
in the NEW BRICK HOTEL, with all
modem Improvements, where we have
first-class accommodations for ONE
HUNDRED guests.
J. W. TOWNE, Proprietor,
GEO. S. PATdVrEB, Clerk.
WMST^’S^j^JTONARY^^
GET THE BEST
WEBSTER’S
Unabridged Dictionary.
10,000 U’ojvte anil Jfi aniny* not In other Dictionaries.
a.OOO Engravings. 1340 Pages Quarto. Price, sl2.
lad to add my testimony In its favor.
EY-T Pres’t Walker, of Harvard.]
very scholar known its value.
I W. H. Piescott, the Historian.]
rii ho most complete Dictionary of the .Language.
X [Dr. Dick, of Scotland.]
The best guide of students of our language.
m fJolm G. Whittier.]
I_r o will transmit lu-s name to latest posterity.
EAX [Chancellor Kent.]
tyraolopieai parts surpasses anything by earlier
laborers. [George Bnuicroft]
Bearing relation to Language Principia docs to
E Philosophy. (ElUiu Burritt.]
xceis all others in defining Rclentltic terms.
T1 [President Hitchcock.]
U o far »s I know, best defining Dictionary.
U [Horace Mann.l
m akeit altogether, the surpassing work.
X [Smart, the English Orthceplst.]
A necessity for every intelligent family, student,
teacher, and professional man. Svimt Library la com
plete without tho best English Dictionary f
ALSO
Webster’s National Pictorial Dictionary.
IWO Pages Octavo. COO Engravings. Price, $5.
The work is really n yem of a Dictionary. Just the
king for the million.— American KtlvcaUonalJronthlu
l*ublished by O. <fc C. UERIUAM, Springfield, Mass.
Sold by »U Booksellers.
LARD.
REFINED LARD!
ALSO WItTTEB-STBAIIED
lAED OILS,
SIGNAL,
MO MACHINERY OILS.
We are prepared to supply tbo trade with goods of
our manufacture promptly, and at lowest market
rates. Address FAIRBaKK, PECK it CO-,
OOlce and works. Eighteenth and Blaokwell-sta.
FANCY GOODS.
GILLETT, THUS 4 Gfl„
■PULL, LIKES OF
Holiday Perfumeries,
Druggists’ and Stationers’
FAHC7 GOODS, &C.
MICHIGAN-AV.,
Be Van Buren and Co-gress-sta.
CARRIAGES.
Wm. D. Rogers,
WE, D. ROGERS CO.,
ESTABLISHED 1846.
OEIGZNAL A-ND OP
Rogers’ Fine Pleasure Carriages.
Elegant Carriages of every description. In stock and
built to order. Including SULKEVS, SKELETON and
LIGHT TROTTING WAGONS.
FINEST FINISH, NEWEST STYLES, and TJNE.
QUALLED DURABILITY?
Drawings and Specifications mailed when solicited.
‘W'arerooms,loo9 1011 Oheatnut-st: Man
ufactory, Thirteenth and Parrish-ate.
SUCCEEDING
GEO. \V. WATSON COt
(Be tired.)
PHILADELPHIA.
WEATHER STRIPS.
mrm strips.
BROWN’S DOUBLE RUBBER
TORREY’S SINGLE RUBBER,
ROEBUCK’S SINGLE RUBBER.
S. W. D. KELLEY BRO.,
a 0.3 MICIIIGAX-AV.
A full stock of every description of Weather Strips
made. TradoMippliedatlow rates. Semi for circu
lars and mice list.
EDTTCATIONAIi.
ST. MARY’S HALL,
FAIBBAtLT, MINNESOTA.
The Easter term '’Oramencea January 2.1872. This
school is in Bishop Whipple’s homo, and offers every
advantage for the thorough, refined and Christian edu
cation of girls. References In Chicago: C*en. F. T.
Sherman, Orea Shcmau, S. H. KeiToot, and other
persons.
Insurance Company
Organised *l. I). 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
s29,ooo,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-lnsurancefund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com*
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue Issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
GOODWIN k PASCO, AGENTS,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 Sooth Caaal-it.,
Adjusting Office: 750 Wabash-av,,
Up to .Saturday, November 18,1871,1,291
claims had been paid, amounting to $2,327,-
000.00.
Solid Fire Insurance.
IMPERIAL
Fire Insurance Co.,
$8,000,000
This is the only jEnglfgh Insurance
Company represented in Chicago whose
business is exclusively Fire Insurance*
Property-owners will .consult their best
interests by protecting themselves with
Policies in the TWPm.TAT fl
DAVIS L REQUA,
AGENTS,
Room S, No. 43 South. Canal-st.,
NORWICH
Fire Insurance Comp’y.
Parties havingclalras against the Norwich Eire In
snranco Company can have the same adjusted, and
such as desire can receive their pro rata share of the
assets of said company hy applying to the under*
signed, who may he found at the office of Higgins,
Bwett «fc Qulgg. 379 Wabash-av., up-stalrs, for a few
days from date hereof.
Dec. G. J. TT. WATTLES, Soc’y.
OCCIDENTAL INSURANCE CO.
The following telegram was received at the Agency
Omce of the Occidental Insurance Company lu tills
city to-day:
SAN FRANCISCO, DCC. 5,1571.
A. G. Stiles, Esq., care A. C. Gaeencbaam.No. w West
Baiiaolph-st.:
Doing no Imsincss; entire assessment delinquent to
day: nobody pays; won’t do so; without doubt will
have to liquidate under receiver.
_ L IRA p. RANKIN, Acting President.
B. ROTHSIIILD, Secretary.
EQUITABLE INSURANCE CO.,
CHICAGO.
All parties that suffered loss ami insured in this com
pany are requested to nresentthelr proofs of loss as
soon as possible. Parties bolding policies who did not
suffer loss aro requested to present tho same for con*
collation. JAMES LONG, Receiver,
Room. 1, is South Canal-at.
LAMAR, OF CHICAGO.
Wc will furnish to policy-holders tho names of re
sponsible stockholders, and whereabouts of the cash
assets of this companv. Claims corrected.
SHDFELDT BALL, 23 WestMadison-st-
Don’t Settle
■with San Francisco Insurance Companies without see
ing me. I have valuable information in relation to
those companies. Tkoaewho have consulted mo upon
the subject may bring forward Policies, as I am now
ready to proceed- J. C. KODIXSON’,
Republic Ins. Co.
I will buy too claims of parties having settled at 25.
Also, certificates of four, eight, and twerro months.
R. D. STILES, KM Wahash-av.
STATE AID GARDE! CM,
Policies wanted for cash. Highest price paid.
SHUFELDT BALL,
PACIFIC, 0! SAI MilO.
Wo ran collect to advantage §50.000 to §IOO,OOO of
claims on this company.
SHUFELDT BALL. 23 West MadUon-st.
REPUM IISIMIB tO.
Four, eight, and twelve.month adjustment] certlfl.
cates. Will pay highest cash price for one or aIL
D. K. TENNEY. 454 Wab.oah.av.
GUNS, RIFLES,
Pistols, Fishing Shooting Tackle,
Breech-loading Implements and Fixed Ammunition,
Pistol Cartridges, Gunpowder, Shot, Lead, Blasting
Powder, Safety Fuse, a general assortment of Sport
ing Goods, Gunsmiths' Materials, Pocket Cutlery and
Nowhouse traps. Agent for Geo. T. Abbey’s celebra
ted top-fastening breech loader.
All orders for goods in (or out of) our line shall have
prompt attention.
curie’s bom mmm
FOR REED ORGANS.
Less expensive, and, of course, less extensive than
the i*oi»hlar Now Method for Reed Organs,” this book
contains a sufficiency of pleasing, eaally-progresaive
exercises and tunes for the uso of amateurs who wish
to leam“ without a master,” and for all who wisli to
“go a little way.”
Sent, post-paid to any address, for One Dollar.
OLIVER DITSON Sc CO., Boston*
O. H. DITSON CO.* New York.
Joseph Moons, Ja.
TheWusicalTreasure
A now book which 171111)0 a moat acceptable
HOLIDAY PRESENT,
And la Indeed a Treasure, being filled -with sparkling
Songs, Duets, Quartettes, Rondos, Polkas, Polka Ma
zurkaa, ScboUlscUes, Quadrilles, Gallops, Marches,
Fpur-Hand Pieces, &c., all of the best duality.
Music fitted for Pianoforte or Heed Organ.
Price—Boards, £2.50; Clotb, $3; Full GUt, $-1.
Sent, post-paid, on receipt of retail price.
OIjIVEK DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO., New York.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan.t, 1672, for the better accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
we will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner Michigan-av. and Harri
son-st., up stairs.
THOS. FEABSY SON’S.
C?*FACTQRY—4. G. 8 and 10 Unlon-st- Albany.N.Y
FINANCIAL.
'TO'' LOAN
on collateral security, byE. JACOBS, 23 Qolncy-st.,
between State and Dearborn. Office hoars, from 9ln
themomlnf U 4La theorems?.
nramtAHOE.
Kim
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
OF LONDON.
ASSETS OVER
GOLD.
808 Michigan-av.
GUNS. PISTOLS, &e,
E. E. EATON, 734 Stat©-Bt.,
Formerly Eaton Abbey, 101 Lako-at
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
SHOES.
jp^£KT^eoNmJU^S^oorra a plate.
N. ft G. TAYLOR CO.
PHILADELPHIA,
Fatal CntiiDiis' Hull Plait
Bright Tin and leaded Plate.
ENTIRELY FIRE-PROOF.
Rolls Two Hundred Feet Long -Widths, 10,
14, 20, 28, 30, and 40 inches-
Thicknesses, IC, IX,IXX.
Ihis truly perfect Hoofing Plate is fast taking the place of all other material,
t has many advantages which are apparent only to those who have fairly nsei
a nd tested it. It is superior to the ordinary Hoofing Tin in both the QUALITY
the iron and in the COATING of its surface. THE SEAMS ABE ABSOLUTELY
IMPERVIOUS. The EoB, throughout its entire length, is PEHPECTLY
STEAIGET. Over four thousand HOOFS alone were covered with it last year, and
the demand has always exceeded the supply. It is particularly adapted, not only
for the roofing of private residences, hut for the covering of depots, store houses,
bridges, cars,,and coping of walls, and for the lining of walls, with a view of
keeping out the dampness. Those who are using it wiU never go hack to thg
ordinary sheets. Any width and length can he imported to order.
IT IS ENTIRELY FIEE-P^OOF.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
The Cause and Cure of Con
sumption*
Tho primary cause of Consumption is derangement
ol the digestive organa. This derangement produces
deficient nntrltloa and assimilation. By asimilation
I mean that process by which ths nutriment o£ the
food is converted into blood, and thence Into tho solids
of tho body. Persons with digestions thus Impaired
having the slightest predisposition to pulmonary dfo*
ease, or if they take cold, will be very liable to have
Consumption of tho Lungs in some of its forms; and I
hold that it will bo Impossible to to cure any. case of
Consumption without first restoring a good digestion
and healthy 1 assimilation. The very first
thing to bo done is to cleanse the stomach and bowels
from all diseased muens and slime which are clogging
these organs so that they cannot perform their func
tions, and then rouse up and restore tho liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, tho surest and best
remedy is Schcnck’s Mandrake Pills. These pills clean
the stomach and bowels of all dead, and morbid slime
that Is causing disease and decay in the whole system
They will clear out the liver of all diseased bile that
has ccnmnJated there, and rouse it up to a new and
healthy action, by which natural and healthy bilo is
secreted.
The stomach, bowels, and liver arc thus cleansed by
the use of Schenck’a Mandrake Pills; but there re
mains in tho stomach on excess of acid, the organ is
torpid, and tho appetite poor. In the bowels, tho lac
teals are weak, and requiring strength and support.
It is In a condition like this that Schenck'a Seaweed
Tonic proves to bo the most valuable remedy over dis*
covered. It is alkaline, audits use will neutralize alf
excess of acid, making the stomach sweet and fresh;
it will give permanent tone to this important organ,
and create a good, hearty appetite, and prepare the
system for the first process of a good digestion, and
ultimately make good, healthy, living blood. Af
ter tills preparatory treatment.l* what remains to
cure most cases of consumption Is the free and per
severing nso of Schecck’s PuJmonlo Syrup. The Pul
monic Syrup nourishes the system, purifies the blood,
and is recolly absorbed, into the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There It
ripens all morbid matters, whether in Vie form of
abscesses ortubcrcles, and then assists nature to ex
pel all the diseased matter in the form of free ex
pectoration, when onco it ripens. It Is then, by tho
groat healing and purifying properties of Schenck's
Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcere and cavities are
'healed up sound, and-my patient is cured.
Tbecsscntialthingtobe done In curing Consump
tion is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion,
so that tho body will grow in Ueali and get strong. If
a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess there,
the cavity cannot heal, the matter cannot ripen, so
long as the system is below par. What is necessary to
care Is a new order of things, a good appetite, a good
nutrition, tho body to growth flesh and get fat; then Na
tore is helped, the cavities will heal, the matter will
npen and bo thrown off in largo quantities, and tho
person regain health and strength. This Is tho true
and only plan to cure Consumption, and if a person is
very bad. If the lungs are not entirely destroyed, or
oven if one lung is entirely gone, if there is enough vi
tality left in tho other to heal up, there is hope,
I have seen many persons cured, with only ono
sound lung, live ami enjoy life toagoodoldagc. This
is what Schenck’s medicines will do to cure consump
tion. They will clean out the stomach, sweeten and
strengthen It, get up a good digestion, and give nature
the assistance she needs to clear the system of all
the disease that is in tho lungs, whatever tho form
may be.
It is important that, while using Schenck’s mod
iclnes, care should be exercised not to take cold: keep
in-doors in cool and damp weather; avoid night air,
and take ont-door exercise only in a genial and warm
sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when I recom
mend a patient to be careful in regard to taking cold
while using my medicines, I do so for a special reason.
A man who has but partially recovered from tho effects
of a bad cold is far more liable to a relapse than eoe
who has been entirely cured, and it Is precisely the
some in regard to consumption. So long as the lungs
are not perfectly healed. Just so long is there imminent
danger of a full return of the disease. Hence it is that
I so strenuously caution pulmonary patients against
exposing themselves to an atmosphoro that is not
genial and pleasant. Confirmed consumptives’ lungs
aro a mass of sores, which the least
change of atmosphere will inflame. The
grand secret of my success with my medicines con
sists in my ability to subdue inflammation instead of
provoking it, as many of tho faculty do. An inflamed
lung cannot with safety to the patient be exposed to
the biting blasts of winter or the chilling winds of
spring or autumn. It should t ho carefully shielded
from all irritating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in every particular, as without it
a cure under almost any circumstances is an impossi
bility.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and nu
tritious diet- aud all tho medicines continued until the
body has restored to it the natural quantity of flesh
and strength.
I was myself cured by this treament of tho worst
kind of consumption, and have lived to get fat and
hearty those many years, with one lung mostly gone.
I have cured thousands since, and very many have
been cured by this treatment whom I have never seen.
About tho Ist of January I expect to take possession
of my now building at tho northeast comer of Sixth
and Arch-sU., where I shall be pleased to give advice
to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies, so that a
Eerson in any part of .thu world can bo readily cured
y a strict observance of tho same.
J. H. BCHENCK. M. D..
Philadelphia.
Price of Pulmonic Syrup and Seaweed Tonic. *1,50
per iMittle or $7.50 per half dozen. Mandrake Pills,
cents per box.
GZO. O. GOODWIN CO., Agents,
BOSTON.
“NICEYOUNG MEN.”
I am forced, by tho continued impertinentintermod
dling of unscrupulous so-called “Bureaux," to an
nounce that I shall in future refuse to auswor any
letters or applications which come to me through
these obtrusive “middle-men.” Committees most ap
ply directly to me, or bo mot with silence.
OUT£ LOGAN,
S5 West Ninth-si.. New YorU City.
Cristadoro’s Hair Dye*
Let them leave the field; there Ls no longer an open,
ing for other and Inferior Hair Dyes slnco Cristadoro’s
famous preparation was introduced. It is now the
only dye used hy ladies or gentlemen of discrimination.
Nothing was ever asked lor It hut trial and compari
son, and the result has surpassed the most sanguine
expectations of its inventor. Sold everywhere. Man
ufactory, C 3 il alden Lane, N. Y.
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
This superb hair dye is the beat in the world—perfect
ly narmless, reliable and inataetaneoas; no disappoint
ment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor. The
genuine Wb. A Batchelor’s hair dyo produces immedi
ately a splendid black or natural brown, leaves the
hair clean, soft, beautiful; does not contain a particle
oflead, or any injurious compound. Sold by all drag*
gists. Factory. 16 Bond st.. N&w York.
lor the cnoicra.
Nobody should be without a bottle of
“BOKEB’S BITTERS,”
Since an experience of more than 45 years ha# provad
them to be BY FA B TUS REST AND dfOSTEFFiOA-
Cions STOMACH BURKES, as well as a very agree
able and pleasant cordial. Beware'Uf counterfeit#, ana
buy only of respectable bouses.
L. FUNKE. Jr.. Sole A cent.

CIGABS.
HAVANA CIGARS.
The undersigned are receiving by
foil assortment of the most desirablei hnuiu*
Cigars. Their stock is largo with
enabling them at all times to fill ojjjc.- and at tie low*
the freshest and most desirable oa appllc*-
est prices. Price lists wiU *°£SSg those which
W The following brands a** anuw
they receive regularly:
La Boaa da Santiago. V*oM?
La Antignedad. r^ro
Flor del Fumar, Vjnanols.
Tlor delLaio. Si*#' oiir.
O. Gonzalez. ingenaidad.
Agmla do Oro. Intimidad.
Chumica. Bosalia.
Upmann. Be>erra.
Ozegnera. Agulla Uaireml*
Acloraclen. jfccepdon.
Legititmdao. MeriSlana.
M °p A ptr TILFOSIB,
921 and 923 Broadway.
If ew York, Aag.l 1371.
SOLE IMPORTERS OP
Arrival and Depi
"WINTER A£i
OXich* Central Sc Grr
Depot—Foot of Twenty-6
Canal-sL, cor.
Mall {via main and airline).
Fast New York Express
Jackson AccommoaaUon (dally
At. Ex. (dally) via Air Line.....*,
Night Express.
t Satuxdayexoeptod. Sunday i
excepted* HENBY C. wi
Illinois Central*
On and after Nov. 12,1571, and until
passenger trains will leave and arrive!
Twenty-second-sL, as follows;
St. Louis Express 9*o a m
Bt. Louis Fast Line.—..........17d0p m
Cairo Mail 9:30 am
Cairo Erpreaa „f 740 pm
Springfield Express 9:20 am
Springfield Express <7:liau
Keokuk Passenger..,.. ...17:10pm
Gilman Passenger. *s£Spm
Hyde Park and Oak Woods. 6:20 am *7.
do do do e 1220pm 9:.
do do ao 340 pm i:st
do do do 525pm 5:03
do do do 6:23pm *Tt»i
♦Sundays excepted. f Saturdays except
Chicago, Hock Island Sc Pacific Railroad#
Depot—Comer Van Boren and Sherman-sta.
_ _ Ticket Office—33 West Madison-aL
Pamfic Express.... *l0:00am 440 da
Accmumodation -toopm *9:4 sam
Pacific Express _-lCfcoopm 1 7*0 am
Leavenworth Express «io.-oo a m *4:10 p m
An elegant parlor sleeping car is attached to tho 10*0
a. m. train running through to Council 'Rtnff* and
Omaha.
Chicago nndAlton Railroad—Chicago, Alton <fc
st. Loafs Through Line and Louisiana, Dio.,
Piewfehort Route between Chicago and Kan*
■as City*
CHION depot—West Side, near Madison-at bridge.
Zeace. JtrrioA
SL Louis Springfield Ex., via
Main Line..—... *945 am *S*op a
Kansas City fast Exvia Jackson
ville, XIL, and Lonaiana. M 0..*945 am, *-h3O pffl
Wenona, Lacon Washington
Ex. (Western Division).......'9:lsam *i3opm
Joliet Accommodation »4iio m *9-40 a m
SL Louis «t Springfield Night Ex.
via Main Line (s:3opm *h3opa
SL Louis «k Sprinflfieldiightning
Ex. via wain Line, and
via Jacksonville Division....f9*opm 1745 am
Kansas City Ex, via Jacksonville
lib, and Lousiana, Mo $9:00 p m Q745 a m
■Except Sunday. lOn Sunday runs to Springfield
only. Saturday. {Daily, fl Except Monday,
Lake Shore «Jk Michigan Southern Railway#
Depot—Comer of Polk and Shennan-sts,
Ticket Office, southwest cor. Madison and Canal-sta*
Mail 6:40 a m S.-OOpm
SpecialNewTorkExpress '9*oam s.-uopm
Atlantic Express (dally) s:lspm 7:30 am
NightEspress
Chicago, .Burlington Quincy Railroad
Ticket Office in Briggs House, j cor. Canal and Arad.
ison-ats. Depot cor. ol Icdlana-av. andSlxtoenth-aL
Hall and Express 7*o am 445 pm
Pacific Fast Line *.*10:45 am 3*o p a
Galesburg Passenger. S.-oopm 840pm
Mendota Ottawa Passenger.* 4*opm 9-ASaa
Aurora Passenger. fi*opm B*o am
Pacific Night Express f 9*o p m 7:43 am
Downer’s Grove Accommodation *10:00 am I:3opm
Downer’s Grove Accommodation* I:4spm 6:13 pm
Downer’s Grove Accommodation* 645 pm 743 u m
Biveraide and Hinsdale &36 am 9r33 a m
■Sundays excepted. (Saturdays excepted. Mondays
excepted.
Chicago. Danville Vincennes Railroad.
Milwaukee Depot—Comer Canal and Kinzle street!.
West Side. Freight Office at C., C. &I. C. Co-’a
office, comer Hals ted and Carroll streets.
Evansville Terre Haute Exprcss.7:oo a m
Momeuco Accommodation 5:0-* p m
Chicago «fc Northwestern Railway.
Ticket Office—Southeast comer of Clark and Luka
Clinton Passenger.
Pacific fast line...
Pacific night express..*! f £43 p m ttUSO aux
Fort Dodge and Dubuque
exnreas. *ftoo p m *iSO p m
Sioux' City and Dubuque ex.. *9:00 a m 7:13 a m
Milwaukee ™&ii *&oo a m *10;J0 a ra
Milwaukee express *9:45 a m *-C-oo p a
Milwaukee passenger. *5.-00 p m *7:«po
MUwsukee passenger (doily). U--00 p m 6:00 a a
Greenßay express *iftooam *705 p m
Green Bay... *5:00 p m *6:30 a m
•Rnriday ttrrmML IRaturitava da. tUfooflav
Treasury Department.
Office ok the light-house board,
Washington*, Nov 27.1371. J
Sealed proposals will bo received at this office until
1 o’clock p. m., on Monday, the Sth day of January, 1872,
lor supplying ninety-one thousand gallons of tho best
quality winter-strained, pure Sperm, Colza or Lard oh
for the United States Light-House Service, according
to the specifications hearing date as above, copies of
which maybe had on application to tho Light- House
Board, to tho Light-House Inspector, No. 16 Broadway,
New York, tho Light-Houso Inspector at No. 14 Pem
berton Square, Boston, and the Light-Houso Inspector
at Detroit, Mich- JOSEPH HENRY,
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
INMAN LINN
OCEAN STEAiUSWS,
Carrying the Ulalla tehreen Enrope
America. Steam twice a wc* befwtv
New York and Liverpool, Queens
town, Londonderry, filasgow, and
Scandinavian, German, and
other European Ports.
Through Tickets principal c!
and upward on Great
aghtErotm ior dllreas
Ireland, and the <-0“ paANCIS C. BBOWN
as W<wt Klnriiwa..« V.
li£GAl* NOTICES.
1v TJIE MATTER of the Montana GoldhUn -u
t>aoy. Bankrupt. Ptremptory Sab.
Inrnrsuaccoof the order of tho Distt “Cc
nni'ed State* for the Southern Diatrlc
the a»siPDeo odors lor solo all the prop©
ruP- to close the estate, viz:
Thirty-nine mining claias on diCireo .t.
Creek and Galpin Counties. Colorado,
celebrated Kansas. Kant County, Pratt.
whim and whim houses; also, a parcel
tral City, extending from Spring Gnlc
Cnlch Boad, containing upward ofTt
with quartz mill tbereou Cos:oofeet»S
containing 30 stamps, horse poworei
two-flu© fcoUets, six Freiburg pans.)
tanks, etc., all in perfect running orde
Offers sad negotiations os to terms
not sold at private sale prior to the Ist
Per, 1571, the same will be sold oa thai
the highest bidder, for cosh, at pa
Albert U. Nicnlay, auctioneer, at the
change Sales Booms, No. 11l Broadway, In u-tv°*
New York, without further notice.
The Property cost the bankrupt cpword# of •iso.w«|
more than 8100, COO having been expended on the mill
aloce. _
For'further particulars, apply to the autioaeer,
Pine at,, N. Y., or Sylvester B. Cobb. Anbm©©-
BASIDBL B. HBGENBOTAai.
Attorn.,. 22 Plno.t,. M. T-
fsT FAIKBANES'
of All SUM*
MBppa
Tons T«
Genera, i
3;20 p U1
8:50 am
~*B:3oam *8:45 p m
,*Kk4S a m *3:15 p m
PROPOSALS.
Chairman T.iaht.House Ttoant.
SCALES.