4
Ipintgo ||rilmiw.
Term* offtnbacriptUa,
rAVAULE IS ADVANCE:
Daily Edition, per year, by mail.
Tri-Weekly Edition, per year, by mail
Sunday Edition, per year, by Man.
Weekly Edition, per year, by mail.
Parts o( a year at tbo luune rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be iraroand give Post
pOcc sddm*e In full. Including State and county.
Pobtmfl-'-Jfrs arc qUotred 10 per cent commission on
yearly subscriptions.
RctolUanttsmaybo tnadetlUxer by draft, express,
Office order, oi;la registered letters, at our risk.
TESMS TO tITT SCBSCEIByiJhS I
Pally, delivered. Sunday excepted, S5 con taper week.
JpVily dOlvcted; Sunday included.» cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY.
_ jfo. IS CanaLet., Chicago, 111
WEDMSSDAY, KOVEMBEU S, IS7L„
yontTii nxEK after tok fibe.
That Chicago will at no distant day recover
her commercial strength is a fact now ad
mitted hy the journals of ail tho cities to
ward which we once stood in the attitude of
rivals; and notahly hy those of Cincinnati
and St. Louis. Hence they are urgiugtheir
men of buHncssand capit:dtomake &Uigent
tit* of their present opportunities to secure'
aud retain trade iu the districts where we
formerly met them on terms ol equality.
It la now four weeks since the fire, aud we
have got far enough ahead iu the work of
clearing away the dthrit aud rebuilding our
city \o need iio forbearance iu a commercial
point of view at the hands of our rivals.
Their charity in our misfortune is thank
fully received and gratefully
but wo recognize their right
to gain any advantages in tho
way of trade that chance throws in* their
way. We are onco more on our feet, with a
full stomach, and we welcome them again to
the friendly contest-for commercial supre
macy. Wo have not much to offerin-tho way
of show. IVe have small exhibition to make
in the way of architecture and plnte-glaas
windows.- We do not wear good clothes. Wo
are decidedly shabby. But we have within
ns an abundance of the oumn mettle that
made the former Chicago a great city. We
have an unimpaired credit in all tho markets
of the world. We have the samo geographi
cal position that we had before the tiro. We
have an enlarged and improved experience
iuthc way of building cities. We have a«
many railways ns before, aud as many trains
running on thorn, and all as heavily laden.
We have np large and prosperous a country'
built and tilled with reference to us, as
before the lire. Our harbor is as full of
shipping :-s ever. Our merchants are rc
t-tahlished. in less commodious house* in
deed, but in such quarters that they will bo
prepared f«*f the exigencies of the coming
h:i -oji. Wo have elected a tir»t-ratc city
smd enmity government. Wo have the
money in hand to ]»ay "Hie interest nn our
city debt, and to rebuild our 1 mimed bridges
snul public clitics. \W liavr faith hi (lod,
;md a lumt full* of gratitude to the whole
world for its timely assistance in the hour of
our calamity. And now we start again to
mhiove honorable distinrtion among Amern
ran c-itin*. a trifle crippled, a little hurt,
n.jnewhat untidy in outward seeming. Inti
with still nneonqneivtl souls.
THK KELIlir AND AID KOEICTV.
It may seem strange that it is necessary to
state that the Chicago Relief and Aid Socie
ty, to whom has been committed the duty of
disbursing relief to the oppressed, is nofthc
organization lenown as the “Young Sion’s
Christian AnaUoinpi lias been
made, to create the impression :tmong|the
poor tluri tho two association* worn one aud
the same thing; ami to create prejudice
Jjaiong certain classes against the Relief and
Aid Society, on the ground that it was an
C-'clepiaKtieal or denominational body, spe
<i.illy eJiargcd with the .spiritual welfare of
the public, aud making material aid subordi
nate to the means of grace. Many jH-r.-ons of
ordinary intelligence, who ought to knorf
better, believe the two organizations to he
ihe same, and. in Ihe recent struggle to trans
fer tho money ami provisions to the Alder
meni this was cultivated by those
peeking tho cliange.
The Young' Men’s Christian Association is a
n-cful society, and does not wish to be com
promised with :n*3’ other organization. It
does its own'.verb in its own way.
jdaining that IS* ;v.n associations arc dis
finct, we should .d>i* state that tho officers
and manage;-, of the two organizations are
sd*-o distinct, mid are in no way affiliate'll in
a sectarian or official sense. Tho Chicago
iMifrf and Aid S-ciidy addresses itself to
the relief of Hie poor and destitute, and docs
not undertake at fhe same time to cultivate
the spiritual t.v-:*- «r wants of any person.
Theology is not in its line; it is simply an
association to feed the hungry, clothe the
naked. shell* r the homeless, take care of the
bix It, and provide for tho destitute.
THD CALIFOBMA MASSACRK
Iba massacre «f Chinese at Los Angeles.
California, i« mu* of those iustancoH of liar*
I’.iriiy which indicate llmt civilization,'
though it may restrain, does not always ex
iirpatc tho brutal passions of tin* savpge con
dition throng], übich the human family has
A cjnr.rr.-l between two families of
C'Utmmcu bd 1«» a light in which a man
railed toatM-t an mflct-r was shot am! killed.
In one hour, a mol. ha attacked the whole
4‘!une>e population, nnmb-red. hy hanging nr
►hooting, eighteen per-ams. including one
woman and out- I»«\v. and rohhed and pillaged
the houses of :m -e unfortunate people. A
crowract of barbarity was never committed
hy the Apache* or N'nvajocs. There is not a
day that there rut- no! inSau Francisco, or in
r.ay other Jaiin* oitj of tho country, family
quarrels revolting tit tights. Tho records of
onr I’olice Conn-ati«**t that such feuds ore
common among (Jluituiaa white people. The
fact that when an officer undertakes to inter
fere on such occasion *both factions turn upon
him is equally a» l»aract» ridic of the habits of
our civilized r.»ee. ’The CliineßC werebut imi
tating our people in a custom as old as our
laws, and as unn er.-al a* uurcivilization. Tho
thootingif the man who Was aiding an officer
was of course an outrage, hut afforded nomore
a pretext for the indiscriminate murder of
the Chinese than would the slaughter of all
the lodgers at theShc-nnan House be justified
because one unknown person staying there
had killed some other man.
Tho Los Angeles mob not only killed tho
Chinamen, but they resorted to the most de
praved brutality. Tiny mutilated some of
thcir.victims alive, and upon the dead bodies
of others perpetrated the mnstdisgustiugout
xages. They added robbery to murder. Know
ing that ti.e Chinese convert their money into
coin,the attack was doubtless to some r.\wut
inspired by a hope of plunder, 'the local
papers estimate the amount of coin actually
carried%ciT at from SIO,OOO to $15,000, and to
this zoust bo added eighteen men. killed and
‘a dozen ot hers wounded.
time ago wo read of the sudden rising
of the people'of a Chinese town,
fend the: massacre of a largo number of
Christian foreigners, to whose presence in
the Munt^‘ v &i^rbi itu tiou had attributed
vaftriifc** injurious influences, The whole
aghast aftbobarbarity of the
&alatic£ But these Asiatics had at least tho
plea of religious teaching. They murdered,
•a Christiaa seh?l£lti all ages bare murdered,
each oiber,“Under religious fanaticism. For*
have not respected
C and demands have been made upon
the Chinese for the execution of the ring-
TprdthmiTiinimiw r.
ewe. eland before tho civilized
worid J. W* gro»t
clifflcnlty „7r«n sentiment,
cm* 1 ■■nnmrßSl in |[n» eeetion,
that, finite vtatatdar «t a negro
cal|rf ,jsir -no legal reparation. Rare a
pecuniary compensation to the' owner for the
lossofms property. In many sections of this
ooimtfyvt£-dAy. public sentiment holds It to
fee Atynost buto trivial offence to kill a no
yxy pr^ha|f-doren negroes: and**Basa”or
imptttihco on 'tie part of a dusky citlxonU
accepted as a full justification for his murder.
Undei/Dcr laws we invite the laborers of all
quarters of t£e globe hither to enjoy that per
6ohal*peacc, freedom, and security which we
Bartoxmreclvee are not to be had elsewhere.
These Chinese have come hither. They are
not paupers. They are thrifty, hard-working
people* They seek no interference with our
political affaire; all they oak is permission to
live and to labor. The law secures them
this, but public sentiment on tho Pacific de
nies it. They are pursued by tho public
with a persecution that has'not 'even the
flimsy plea of religious intolerance. They
gre maltreated because they are Chinese, be-
cause thej* are aliens; and this maltreatment
for tills cause is largely perpetrated by
others who arc equally aliens by birth. The
recent massacre at Los Angeles was commit
ted, it is said, by the roughs nud thieves of
the native (Spanish) population. But that
.docs not lessen the malignity of the murder,
nor does it change the national responsibil
ity. The massacre, in the judgment of man
kind, will rank with the like massa
cres committed by the savages of the Plains.
It has not a redeeming feature. It is barbar
ity personified, and barburitj* rendered more
infamous because committed by n iteople pos
sessing a higher civilization and a Christian
education.
.*llO9
6.00
zja
100
THE JttOß.noSi hIFFICPtTY.
Mr. Hooj>er, the Delegate in Congress from
Utah, is in Washington upon a supposed mis
sion to the government from tho threatened
fliblypamists. Ho frankly states that polyga
■my will die of itself without any inter
ference. He states that not a young man or
woman in Utah ls£n fpvor of polygamy; the
second generation -will have none of it. But
the Mormons,.who now- number 125,000 per
sons, are extremely solicitous npon another
point. All the children Ikutj in tho Territory,
amljnauy of Ihem of marriageable .age, are
descendants df ipothers who wore polygji
mists. These sons and daughters, who are to
he the future men and womeu of the Territory,
arc opposed to any law or proceeding which
is to stamp them as illegitimate. They ask
that Utah be admitted as a State '.witha con
stitutional provision prohibitingjpolygamogs
relations, and legitimatizing all the births iu
the Temtory. This wholesale legitimatizing
has been recently enacted in alltbe Southern
States where the marriage relation wjm ex
tensively ignored, if noVprohibited,- among
the colored people.: This measure, Str. tlooper
states, embodies tiibsenlimculs and wisheaof
all the rising generation of Utah, and he sug
gests that this disposition of tho question of
polygamy will hamoro effectual, in its sup
pressiwrthan ad effort to convict an entire
people, and to .degrade the very population
who want voluntarily to get rid of the insti
tution. 3o says Hooper.
HUCSAR AND COFFEE,
Tbe-proßpectivtremannpation of slaves in
Brazil is giving rise to speculatiops upon the
effect it will have upon tho production of su
gar and coffee. It is claimed that neither of
these crops has ever been successfully pro-
dneed save with slave or coolie labor, and it
is argued that if tho emancipation of slaves
in Brazil be followed by the some results that
have followed emancipation in other coun
tries, the prodoctioiwof these staple products
of that country must materially decline, un
less coolie labor he substituted for that of
Africans. The following comparative iigures
are given to sustain this theory. The pro
duct ions* before aud after emancipation are
thus compared;
Weit Indies, production JS37 2T..0w) tons.
Same, production IS6S 8.000 tons.
Kind) lKt6 700.000 liaps.
Brazil IKTO 2,OO0.O0»1 bag*.
Java, Sumatra. and Cey10n,...1*17 20.000 tons.
Kitiur in*s vc,wo tons.
.Itilmiira I*7o av»=K> IduK
|jiiiirl;in;i 1k« ua.ono hlnls.
Louisiana isco taa.oui hhds.
t'nha 1.<«7 ir..000 tons.
Cuba 1870 r.78,000 hhiK’
I’PIU* Ivleo IK3O 428.000 cWt.
I’ortO Win 1870 1.723.000 ewt.
Brazil IW2 3y,o<X) lons.
Brazil 1870 2W.000 tons.
'bUlipplue Islands,
fame
Jt was once claimed-that slave labor was
essential to tho growth of cotton hut this
has been exploded by the constant increase
in the product of this article since tho war,
until now the annual product equals that of
lh»? most prolific crop of the days of slavery.
There is no rvason to doubt that it will con
tinue to be grown, and tu« profitably with free
labor as with slave labor. The sugar crop of
Louisiana ha* not recovered but though tho
growtit of cotton was equally subject to tho
depressing circumstances of tho war. unlil;e
the sugar lands, the cotton fields have not
suffered a# have the sugar districts from the
unusual floods and overflows of the
sippi and its tributaries.
If it should follow that the growth of cof
fee and sugar must fall except where slave
and coolie labor exists.and the emancipation
already ordered in Brazil should also take
place in Cuba, it will in nowise aflect the
question of the wisdom or justice of the abo
lition of slavery, If these products are de
pendent upon the continuance of a great
wrong, the wrongshouldbe repealed, no mat
ter what the conHequcnccs may be. Cuba
and Brazil, if they cannot produce sugar and
coffee without slavery, must produce some
thing else.
But should such a result be produced, it
will involve the transfer of the whole trade
in those commodities to those countries
where coolie labor is employed. The most
direct route to and from these countries h* by
way of tho Pacific, and our cities on that
coast will liecomo the great points of impor
tation for distribution of those two great
commodities of the world's commerce.
The accounts of the grain crops of Europe
an* not encou raping. It has been ascertained
that both Germany and Italy will have to
import*largely, and in tho Prussian' States.
I’onn rania, Posen, Brandenburg. and Silesia
the yield is small; while the crops have
wholly failed in Faxony. Hanover, West
phalia and tho RlnnelaiuJ. In Russia the
wheat m»p is generally a failure, Tho north:
eru parts of Russia are gradually declining
as wheat-growing provinces. The grain crops
in Sweden. Norway. and Denmark are below
the average. The barley crop is compara
tively a failure In Germany, but tho oat crop
is large. The Minister of Agriculture in Italy
has published abatement that the yield of
com is very poor, except In one provinA.
Along the Mediterranean shore the yield has
hardly equalled what will bo needed for
home consumption. There are no accounts
from Hungary* which is now tho reliance of
Europe for wheat. Tho deficit in the Euro
pean stock will haw to he drawn from the
United States.
The trade be tween California and Japan
for 1871 baa largely increased over that of
1809, which was larger than any preceding
year. The exports for 1671 amount to $1,929,-
000, against $1*607,000 in 1809. Tho export of
Hoar to Japan and China, in 1871, amounts
to 200,000 barrels, against 137,000 barrels in
1609. Among the recent arrivals in Califor
nia for shipment overland to England were
1,200 pounds of crude ludla-rubber, and 50
tons of English walnuts from Central Ameri
ca. Coffee is also beginning to reach Califor
nia from Central America.
The Auditor of State of Illinois has certi
fied that the rate of taxes ou tho assessment
for IbTJ, including an purposes, win do nine
mills on the dollar, or 90 cents on each $lO9
of valuation. Tho details of the levy arc:
For revenue purposes, five and a half mills;
for schools, two mills; for canal redemption
fund, one and n half mill.
Ono of the ban dbills circulated in the in
terest of tho sorehead ticket asked the
question whether tho voters of Chicago were
less patriotic than their sires, who “preferred
to die before they paid their taxes.”
TBS KORTBWSST.
ZUJVOZS..
A new Presbyterian Church has Just been dedi
cated at 'Whitehall.
—The Quincy police force is uniformed similar
to that of New York.
—Two prisoner* escaped from the now Perry
County Jail at Ptactaeyrille, November i, by at
tacking the Jailer, who had entered their cell, and
overpowering him. They were pursued by a col*
©red man and one of them captured; tho other la
etui at large.
—ln the St Clair County Court, recently, the
county gained the case against- tho Wiggins Ferry
Company, Involving a large parcel of laud which
the latter laid claim to. The land in question Is
worth H,000,000. The Ferry Company gave notice
of an appeal to the Supremo Court of the Bute.
—The Post Office at Gilman was entered on tho
i«l Inst, and robbed of 95 In change. AH the let
in the office were torn open.
Tho rnton of the sth says; “The
government engineers on Saturday began the
construction ot a oo9bt-dam between the draw
pier ot the new bridge and the shore of the Island.
This coffer will hng the shore, and. be i,io4 feet tn
length. It Is for the purpose of enabling work
men to deepen the channel so that boats can pass
through on this aide of tho draw with equal facil-
Ity In low water as on the other. This coffer is
being protected by a breakwater, it wm be com
pleted in ten days. The bridge constrncUouUts
have commenced: creeling tho false work (or the
third span of the bridge, tho iron for which u
daily expected. Seventeen car loads of'iron for
the draw-span are also due.”
IOWA.
Wright County ku loet some :,5W bushels oi
grain, hundreds of tons of hay, and many mllcs
of fence, destroyed by prairie tires this fall.
—Next, spring Ouiydon will build a business
Mifk.a hotel, and n bank.
—A hub; son of John Curran, near De Witt, met
with a frightful death the otlicr day. He was
burdiuk cutUo, and tied ike baiter of his horse
around l*i- Isnly. When fmnd hi-* bruins liad
boon duelled out and his body horribly muuglcd.
—Stephen Bonne, of Waterloo, a freight con
doctor on the lowa Division of the Illinois Cent nil
Railroad, -was run over and killed at Earlvillo,
last Thureday night.
—A Cedar Rapids man has. a drove of ten elk,
captured when young. In the northwestern part of
the State, which he Intends to break to harness.
—The
Farley, concluded be would commit sulcidotho
other day,—his father-in-law was not kind enough
to him. He went to a drug More and purchased
arsenic; went home and took it, and in a few.mo
menta was rolling on'the floor'ln mortal agony.'
Tho doctor was sent for. He came, and brought
the druggist along, who [spoiled the whole sensa
tion by letting It oiit that he had suspected the
young mail’s Intention, and had sold hlmvhaltln
stca*l of arsenic. The young man was well lu u
minute.”
WISCONSIN.
The Sixteenth Annual Convention of the Wis
consin State Mimical Association will be held .at
Milwaukee, November 21-51.
—The Hon. David Williams, of East Delavan.
died recently; In 185T lio was a member of the
State Assembly, aud for two years was President
of the State Agricultural Society.
—TLe cheese factors* at Oaklleld, F«md du Lac
County, has manufactured 83,000 xwmds of
cheese this season, consuming wn.ooo pounds of
milk.
'—Not leu* than 15.000 barrels of cider will bo
manufactured In Fond du Luc County the'present
year,
“The Janesville fatreffr says ttiat, in the town
of Hurxnpny; residing within a mile or'each other,
there are ttireo couples who will Celebrate their
golden weddings tniKt,
—A despatch from Kuu Claire s.\vs that, on
Thursday evening.last, n young, man .named An
wm Buell shot himself through the head in a sil
icon. killing himselfinstantly. He had. fora few
weeks past, l>cen employed on the night police
fore* of that city. It is supposed tho suicide was
committed because of temporary despondency
resulting from UiMix>]>oimziient In love.
—The Prairie du Chieu Courier says the Mississ
ippi, which tor the laid few mouths has beeu-in a
stagnant'condition almost, owing to the small
quantity of water flowing Into It, has, within the
Inst tew day*, rises nearly a foot, ami a ctnreut
is now faintly perceptible, on the Father of Wa
tere.”
A young man named William Jnsper’MmployeJl
on a farm near fit. Paul, wan recently loading a
huge hull to water by n rope fastened to a ring hi
the bull’s nose. While thus engaged, the rope by
some means became broken or detached, when
the bull at ouee attacked his keeper in the most
ferocious manner, knocking Dim down and toss
ing up into the airngslnand again. The wounded
man sustained number of dangerous Injuries,
the most serious of which was a gash extending
the whole length of the left breast, under the
clavicle, mid two inches deep, exposing the arter
ies po that the pulsations of the heart could bo
seen.
—The city of St; Paul has certainly made rapid
strides during tlio past twelve months, both ns
regards population and Increase in the number of
public aud private buildings. The last census
mu* taken in the summer of t*:o, wlnu the popu
latlcn was about 21,000. At ihe present time,
competent fudge* are confident that the popula
lion is nut lesn than 25.0 a*.
.IKW» 1011.000 hhds.
—A l.'inu Island (Goodhue f’ouuty) cow broke
Into a well ta feet in depth, and avqs hoisted out
as dead-weight beef. The accident sodlaammg
edthe. digging apparatus that It was necessary
for Mr. Joseph Harrison to di-scc ml Into his well,
and, trusting bis weight to too weak a-r.trap. It
ported and lot him fall to Uu* bottom; but ho c*-
caped, fortunately, with serious bruises, but no
fractured lames.
.ISIS 12,00:* ton*.
,IS7O 78.000 tons.
—The lU v. W. 11. Milburn, the celebrated blind
preacher. lately separated from the Episcopal
•Church. and now a Methodist .minister, la visiting
Minnesota on u lecturing tour.
The Atchison Chnmjthn says Unit when tho
train on the (.’rutral Branch Railroad left Water*
vllleonthe morning of tho aist ult„ a,furious
storm Wus prevailing, and the snow had already
fallen to a depth of two Inches.
j—The Agricultural for October places
the corn crop o’f Kansas above that of all other
Biatef*. The averages given are: Kansas, 112;
lowa,’lit; Missouri, 112; Nebraska, 112; New
Hnwp>lilre, ill; Minnesota, 110; Wisconsin and
Delaware. ic«; Connecticut, 105; Ohio, 104; Mary
land, lew; Massachusetts. 103; Arkansas and No w
Jersey, lU2; Rhode Island, lot*
—Bowls Coffee and Ed. Porter, of Fort Scott,
both colored, became Involved la a difficulty
about a woman, recently. The latter waa‘stabbed
and Instantly killed, and Coffee I* now to Jail.
—Oswego is agitating the canal question.
believed that a valuable watdt power awaits Im
proving there. There i# also some excitement In
that young city about a rein of gold-bearing
quarts In the vicinity.
-s-Atehison proposes to vote $40,000 In subsidies,
to Ik? divided betwcaa foundries, manufactories*
hotels, streets, bridges, ic.
—Borne lime since Saliua boosted of a man en
tering a claim and swearing that ho was tho
head of n family of twenty-two children. Topeka
will nut bo beaten. Now comes a man entering a
claim in the Laud Office there who swears ho has
twenty-four children, aud has given twenty-two
of thema good common-school education.
J, B. CouUon, sen of JudgcCoiilson.of Gallatin,
was killed by Jumping from an engine which had
mu off tho track near Trenton, hist week.
—Tin; trial of Thomas Covington.at bolivar* for
the murder of Sidney. F. Hereto**, last May, was
commenced Oct. ai.
—ThC Chlllicotlm Council considering a propo
sition for the construction of n canal by which
the city cun bo supplied with water for manufac
turing purposes.
—A prisoner escaped from the StelfviUo Jail hy
building a fire against the limestone wall. an.l.
after It was sufficiently-heated, throwing on
water, causing the' wall to crack open.
—A daughter of Oliver French, of Perry Coun
ty, while culling down weeds, came upon a cop
perhead snake, which wound itself around hor
leg. She has suffered greatly since.
—Moses Spencer, a section boss on tho Missouri.'
Kansas ATcxas Railroad; while in a state of W
chriation, fell backward down the stairs of tho
ElHWortli llouse, at Cincinnati, on tho 31st tilt.*
breaking bis neck and killing himself instantly.
Spencer was from Janesville, Wla.
A dreadful accident occurred at the Bolchor
Mine, near Gold Hill, on the Ist, by which one
miner. Andrew Wilson, was instantly killed, and
another, John Bcokely, severely injured. They
were thrown from the “cage,* which was used lor.
lowering men to the levels.”
The St- Joseph Denver Railroad (Company
have ordered fifteen first-class Baldwin locomo
tives.
“■Wolf, Carpenter Co. have bought at Sheriff’s
sale the rond-bed, depot grounds, and franchises
generally of the 81. Louis A Cedar Rapids Rail
road, from-Ottumwa to Sigourney, lows, for
*50.000.
—J. 11. Gardner, formerly Superintendent of
the Southern Minnesota Railroad,has received tho
appointment of General Manager of the Jackson
ville, Pensacola MohQe Railroad.
—Work oa lb» Bvllnfittin «t Smith western. Road
no* ruiuuirticcd In Putnam County, Mo.
—Horace B. Wilbur* E*q., of Boston, has been
appointed Treasurer of tho Vermont Central
Railroad. This corporation controls and man
age* more than COO miles of railway, and a Hoe of
►team packets plying between all the lake ports
from Pgdcnbhurgh to Chicago and Dolntb.
—Tho grading on the Mississippi Valley i
Western Railway, from Canton to Keokuk, lowa,
has been finished, and the track laying will com
mence in a few days. It is expected that
the mad will be completed from Quincy to
Keokuk by the middle of December.
—The annual report of tho Boston Maine
Railroad shows the total receipts for the past six
teen months to be *.7731*490, of w hi di 11 ,582,613 was
from passengers, and fi.031.i97 from freight. The
tojal expenses for tho same period were sl,ms,isi,
leaving as the net earnings 1&59.&3.
—At a meeting of the stockholders of the Fitch
burg Railroad, in Boston, on Friday last, it was
voted to unite with the Worcester i Nashua Rail-;
road In a lease of the contemplated Lancaster
Road, and to construct a branch from thi* road to
the main branch at Concord.
Tbc CU»|s Academy of Science.
Ib’toe .Editorof The Chiccyo Tribune;
Bin: Will yon give place to a few suggestions
In regard to the future of the Chicago Academy of
BdcncoT
In a conversation with Dr. J. ht, Woodworth, a
few (lays after the fire, ho suggested that a place
be secured for it in one of the public park*.
Doubtless the same suggestion has occurred to
others. But. for the following reasons, I think
it ought to be adopted tut soon os practicable:
Flint- In case ox another Are. the building and
its rout cuts weald bo let* liable to-. destruction
than If standing near other buildings. I need not
aay mueh on Uus bead after our late disastrous
experience, in which one of the finest collec
tions. in some respect*, in the world, was
totally destroyed. If possible, tho future
building should be so placed os to bo beyond
the reach of the conflagration of other buildings
In ita neighborhood. In no place In the city
limits can tht* bo done, unless on one of the
parks. Such a collection as wo hare lost should
not a second time bo Imperilled, In obedience to
minor comddanitioaa, such as superior conveni
ence, or Individual preferences. Placed whore
its liability to destruction by fire is reduced to a
minimum, the same crpensive care In reconstruc
tion mlpb l not be necessary tliat certainly would
belt rebuilt on tho old site, or nay similar one.
Bcccad. Because tt would tats th; entire tspaite
THE CHICAGO TBEBUHE
>ir>7i*K=OTA,
KANSAS.
Missornr.
keVXda,
RAILROADS.
lof a lot. The academy collection is a public In
stitution. It is a piddle means of education. It
-is clearly entitled to public, even municipal
favor. l;nt to give the ground to build on. In one
«»f tin- parks, dues not cost the city anything.
Then where could a large and varied
natural history collection so well fulfil its popular
ends ns in n public pnrk I It might, and ought to.
I* mode an ornament and attraction to the park
that l> so fortunate as to secure It, The uiiucmiiu
coifld lie thrown open daily, at certain hours, to
the piddle, to lie visited and studied, under suitable
repidalicns. l»y young mid old, rich and poor, as a
means of education. I conceive this popular
phase of the work of the academy uh cue of its
most important features; and. In jirovlding fur
this, it dit> not in any way interfere with its in*
triuslc aims and labor. It must lie apparent to all
that this cud is more likely to be secured in the
quiet of u park than in the crowded, uoisyTu-art
of the city.
Third. If lids is not done, two other alternatives
alone remain.
1. To build on the old lot. Kven were it advisa
ble to do this, and I tlduk it is not. money will be
required to do it. Hut where Die money Is to
eomo from, when ilio very men It must depend
on have not only lost their business-houses and
goods, but the- bourns of their families even, is
more than 1 Cin see. Years may pass Indore thu
academy gets to full work again, if this is to be
waited for. llowinmh it way low* by thus prac
tically Misleading, and sinking out of the public
view. It is. of course, impossible to say. At this
moment wo-t of the museums of natural history
Wlliis country, and many in Europe, ate ready
to contribute collections, enough to till a large
Imildiag, when we have a place to receive them.
If a place Is secured at «nieo, th« academy may
soon be working with Its customary vigor and
I efficiency.
2. Tin- wcond altcmatlvo would bo to pell the
jirc.M-nt lot und hmj nnollu-r, or dopeud on muuu
one tugirc ground. Against buying a new lut,
the th'fi* an* so many and sonumifot as not
to require xutntlou. It leaves tu In the eamc coq
ditlonwouuw are in. and almost ocrtaljily in a
lets convenient putt of the city than at pnwut
’AstothesiK*culatluu that sonic one will give a
strilaMc lot, under the present circumstances it
ought not for a moment to be entertained. TJu-n,
whether wc buy, or acquire by donation, it opens
the whole question of the site, which, as old niem
la-rsof the academy will remember, L> a vexa
tious one.
'Fourth If built in one of the parka, there is at
this inoment. lu theliands of the academy Trus
tees cumtgh mcaua to rebuild at unce. hand-
Kuncly. This Is a matter of no small iin|K>r
tunc<-, and no merely technical »»r legal dlfiieulty
as to the prescribed modew of using the academy
funds should be permitted to stand iu the way.
Filth. It would give, perhaps the onlyehnucc
the academy can hone for, of sometime having a
living zoological and botanical collcctiou, wldch
it could easily have, and ought to have, in one of
the parka. In this connection I need only point
to the example of Central Park, in New York
idty.
fcixtb. Aft to the location, I would suggest
Union Park, on the. West Side. Or. iftlicre is to
bo a park of any considerable magnitude on the
Michigan avenue lake front, let it be there. Ida
coin rnrk,a>r uny others, would bo 100 far from
the centre of the city. In one of thus** let a mut
able lot Ik- at once obtained for one ot the most
legitimate lo which a park can be de
V«»ted. v
I make these suggestions under tho flnu convic
tion tliat they indicate the true poliev of the
acadtuiy'fortlie Immediate future.
Chicago, Nov. 6. J.S. Jeivuj.
RESTORATION OF LAND TITLES,
I.rller from Judge Hcnir«,
To the Editor of The Chictnjo Tribune:
Sin; Every one may not fully apprehend the
extent of the damage dune in the de-traction of
the records of title by the great lire, it is not
Iwunded by the burned district, nor the city, but
embraces every tmet. lot, and interest in Cook
Comity. 1 have watched and road with interest
•idl the remedial suggestion* that have l*cen pub
lished. It is eminently proper thnt these should
be made and carefully considered; and objections
to them should presented and considered. In
this light 1 lake the liberty of suggesting reme
dies suitable for the emergency, and also of sta
ling objections to those pro postal by others.
Allow me to premise that, when the
proposal remedy makes, «>r may make the
ease worse Thau the disease, we may
examine the prescriptions. l«t should mil
pursue it. 1 tegard most of the remedies jvq
propesid in this lights lid* would leave parties in
a uornTUidllloiG jwssildy. than tiny are now.
There is danger of doing too mneh by legislation.
Ijtud owners do not need Judicial co'utrowrsv to
establish title, tiiry simply need a irslumHiin of
the.*r/drarry of title as liny existed at the time
of the lire. Panics should not be authorized by
legislate'll and judicial decree to aeqniiv or estab
lish title. Tliix would inevitably lead to injustice
mid wrong, und very piotiablv to plraev of
title. Rut they should Im< enabled to rL-tore and
ic-cstabllsh Mich deeds. contracts. records
:<hd muniments of title ns they imtv ts> able to
ijicw vnc destroyed; in other words, to put the
evieh lues of title ntmin upon the record.- precise
ly n« the.v existed Indore—neither more imrle.-s.
It Well known that even-title was not free of
julveise elninn or eou!roror-v. This no time to
throw tlngn all, pell-mell, into the judicial erucl
t>le. with a view to eliminate the urns*, ami de
em* a pure title to A. Bor CD. Sucha remedy; or,
indii-d, any remedy that may empower a conn
of chancery to decree title under the guise of re
establishing lost or binned dt-eds, records, etc.,
will be worse than tho matter is as Jj now stands.
On a bill to perpetuate testimony, the court* of
equity now have power to hear testimony of the
loss, and restore pud re-establish tin* document*
destroved. These courts, Ihen.alreadv have Juris
diction.
With thexe objection* to what ha* been pro
posed, and thn»-o vletvK of the pouera of tliecourla
tq meet tho real, existing wants of land-owners,
I may ho allowed to suggest the legislation need
ed The creation of a Commlsnhm or Commis
sions to receive and record proof of losses, and
of tho contents of the lost records, deeds, etc.,
and report the same to the court of chancery, or
record the same with tho Recorder of Deeds. De
clare tho prtxifir they recorded, nnd certified
ceple- of It evidence in all controversies. In
Inking this proof, the books of the abstract-firms
might hr d(-chired admissible in evidence, os well
ns pnrol evidence, after proof of losk first made'.
Todedsirelhesf’abptrnctDOoksprjimi/ftciVevtdcne.
or 16 make the restored evidence of record prima
tarie, might bt* mischievoas and beocme wrong
ful to the true owner, w hen Mich a title Is applied
to mere colorable adverse claims. No discrimina
tion can be made. If a jiritna facie rule is
adopted. It will make bad titles belter, without
helping good ones. If secondary evidence is
made admissible lu restoring proof of title, and
'the record of these proofs Is declared admissible,
I think it will offer parties all that they need to
and all tliat it would bo safe to take. More
might endanger Iheir titles more than it could help.
Let thi-so proofs Ih* made admissible for what
tlicv uiuv ue considered worth, without declaring
them of any grade, conclusive or prima facie
When the records of Jackson County Were
Imrncd.tnany years ago, a rmumhw-lon was or
ganired to restore them. Another und additional
facility could nnd ought to bu provided for taking
and reporting such proofs to the Cbsmcery,
.namely: Tho appoiiitment of as many Masters ns
the several courts might deem necessary. Tho
sumo jK*wers should be conferred upon M:o»tors
as upon Commissioners.
I think lliese remedies Fuffieirqf. nnd land-own
ers should lose no time In -preserving their titles
by taking at once tho secondary evidence
while It may be within their reach and power
.But it ttehooves every owner of laud to institute
diligent search and Inquiry for nil existing deeds,
etc., in his chain of title, and to have nil that are
ii existence. If accessible, to be n*-recorded.
1 would Kiggi*d a pencnii n qm st to all persona
who ever owned land in thin county to make
K-nrch for existing deed*, etc., and to forward to
the Recorder, or some designated party, all that
tmiy ho found. Such a request, a« a Mandingad
vei tiK meiit in promlJient paiKTH in the Union, of
•urge circulation, might recover for recording
many t»riginjil dee^lf.
Another branch of a remedy might bo a statute
of limitation* of a reasonably short date/with
proper saving clauses of infant*, married women,
insane persona, icraon* confined, and persons »b-
MtiL Tiiis sul»ject, however, demands very care
ful and cautious consideration, as well as any
rule that may declare a class of evidence either
absolute or prima facie.
Allow me to repeat, that aUifeat is needed is to
restore the proofs of title, JnßpUucli as they were
before, and make this admUßible evidence. Any
attempt to gain mlvantagos, or take short
turns, by decrees of title In cortain parties, or to
declare what may be admissible in proof to be
conclusive, or prima facie even, may do more
barm aud injustice than good.
The com Is now have Jurisdiction of bills to per
petuato testimony. Those who may wish to hcII,
ostoenoumt»erTor rebuilding, n«<d not watt for
legislation to replace upon record that portion of
the title destroyed, in cases where they can show
the lose und prove the contents of the liiMtu
mrnt. Walter B. bcates.
Chicago. Nov. c.
THE EBICE 6F ETTfCBES,
Slow Nrssior Ferry, of Jfichigan, Dr*
fra ted a Preposition to Increase the
Price of Lumber after the Great Chi*
cage Coaflßgration*
t)n the Thursday'morning after the great con
flagration there was a meeting of the lumber
merchant* of Chicago to consider the propriety of
ral.sing the price of ltunber In view of the greatly
increased demand which wquld be made for It In
rebuilding the burned district. The committee
appointed by the meeting to report upon the
question submitted a proposition to raise the
price $3 per thousand on common grades; but
while the report was under discussion, Senator
Ferry, oFhZJchJgan* who. as is well known, is an
cr<tcns:ve manufacturer of lumber, and has a
large interest in tbo business of hhirago* arrived
at the meeting, and, bating learned the character
o. .hr proposition, mode a most nble and mag
naa.maus vreoch against it. His words produced
a U--.-ng effect, and tbo prqlect to take advantage
Of th- necessities of the sufferers was crushed
atonce. lue speech, as reported in the Battle
Creea (Mich.) Journal, is as follows:
MH. tlfAinsiAN: Having Just arrived, and lodging
rroai what 1 have beard and from tbs apparent feetlng
of Lip a>«nablage. that the report of tbo committee is to
ba aoc-proo. 1 ask for lie reading of that report, [The ro-
P*t wa" then road.] The preposition, then, of the
ema-iltee la to advance the price cf lumber at least C
per i.UMi foeL In other words, la view of the great
flip an Jln tli*> presence of theoe ruins, it is proposed
t^ t2 0 adv 2 aU S o of this sore calamity and compel
over old price* off:
adrv ptrUioa.'waad into the pockets of those who havo
from the ravages of the fire,' For my part. sir.
k t other* tl o a> lla-y xuay, 1 am opposed to aucioitor
tt J w protest against
♦lie of the committee. Soffer mo
to My a few worts and 2 will explain why
I c«aaot rfprove the attempt -to Increase
u.t burtens o! a people already smitten to the ground.
1 .lave no plan matured, but l have a sentiment ot hu
manity which dictate that a calamity of this auumi
trdf-d<mantis the sympathy aad aid of every leUpw
cmr/n, and if competed to stand here aloneTlt shall
not bo aald that Michigan had no representative to de
nounce the wrong or sugern a remedy.
H.I knew what amount of lumber was in the market
I co-aid readhv aargfrt wh.it might be done. Some
thing practical and efficient Is needed. The time to
act Si now. and with no opportunity for conference or
e-Tiinaicfc of what msy be on hand, i snhmit this as a
proposition which I will make more formal in
wnj.Tig, bat now offer it as an amendment to
the report cf the committee: “That a com.
aoti.ee o. three lumbermen be appointed, who
sna-i afac*-». pro rata, upon tho quantity of lumber
coch firmer in the c:ty had on band, 50.000.000 feel.
wh;ch aannnt—verified by ealil committee In cases of
doo jt that It is to be used /or rebuilding the city—shall
bt-snld at prices ao higher t:i*a before the wlu
I*s per M for common lumber, andon that basis tor
other grades.”
This sir, will enable each dealer to act upon what
h« actuary has on hand in away that will bring relief
to heedy. and ia a material moat wanted for
shelter and immediate comfort. From the remarks I
palLarcd firm tho supporters of the report of the
commuter, it was proposed, as a method of relief, that
£3Ca den-er vrtuntanly aubaertbo money, to bo dls
trfhutcd to those who may~wi»h to robuilX and
thus let rarh cno do as he pleased and his
yjttpathiM dictated. I have two objections to this.
Ono is. that the amount subscribed will not bo in pro
porlJnn to tho advance that Is proposed upon lumber.
Certrihttlsg out of one pocket whit tho other Is bring
rt Juen_*hed at a much greater ratio out of the neceasT
t*(« o. these a.ready suffering enough, is a method of
phljSrUmcry aad aid U—t d-K. notoccard with ay idea
ol duty anfl the tirusUou. My second objection la, that
wLLeumnytro rcrre-rrjcr cerise dealers Z might
WEDNESDAY, KOTIMEEE 8, 1871.
nanu-tosub.-rriW money. It i* utterly imj*»v»lbb- fur
the xuajoritv of them to do i*«*. Their babuurs are
Im ketl iih lu" hank vaults, now In the mins ami the
lank* have asm-il t»» pay tint 15 percent of theirdc
j.ofit* for the i‘n>ent. Howls it p<uwible for dealer*
who have nlmiH all their means either lu lumberer
withheld deposits tu do nnytliimr lu this way I
The !*n>iNwltioii to twv money bv voluatary *uu
«ription* Lh Impossible at present, it la a scheme
that look* well nnou the faro, but will revolt in a few
men giving. ami others who luivo the heart to givo
hut cannot eoirtrol the money, humiliated because
cempelh d to see their wealthy neighbors giving. and
therunahlo to do their part* It ih an invidious <Us
crimlnatirn, and calculated to defeat the object of aub
r-tantlal aid Intended. and must work unfavorably
ti]M>n the impulse* of gcoerons hearts
What objection can there bo to a plan of aid baaed
iq.ru what even* dealer has «n hand! lu fact, the
proposition I have offered is really no sacrifice. Ills
oohtiog luml>er against a rise and tendering to Unvm
to wont a surrender of what advance of price the fire
would occasion. There is no real generosity In It- It
is simply hedging a comer on lumber ami is hut Jus
tJc«, nothing more.
I understand now that an attempt t* made to divert
the issue. bv saying tliat lire* in Wisconsin and MleAi
can, destructive of timber and mills must raise the
price of lumber, and. then-fore. It ought to go up, and
dealers aro entillKl to the rise. I ask, sir, whether
tills meeting would have been held but for the Chicago
Are! Is uot the report of the committee intended lo
meet the exigency of Use tire, ruin, and suffering lu
the city f TlMwe fires everywhere liave nothing to <k»
with our Immediate action here. When those outside
of thecltvaremidercomdderaUon. 1 am rttuly to net
then and for them, but the question before ns is Chi.
<T»pi sufferers —what shall we do fur them 7 and to hold
dl-wu.-vdon and action to this sinslo point.
Where, then, I* the man with a spark of man.
1h*«I lu him, who will hesitate or evade at
this amount! 31r. Chairman, I hear the remark that
Ferrv Kn>. have Inmbcr on hatitl all paid for. and
can well afford to do this" 1 prefer, sir, to speak for
thorn niviwlf. and I reply to that remark that we
Imsight before the fire, and are now nwiug for over
feet of lumber, paying for it £3) jkt uso. And
I catch the eve of one of the jiartlesoi whom wo so
Imncht. AmT uot slating a fact! [The
referred to replied: Tliat I* «o.”l
>ov, Mr. chairman, my proposition I* to sell eora.
racu lnn«l»er frrrm our docks at fl3 per I.W*\ nutwith.
standing the price we have paid for lumber and tliat
wo are owing for It. Is the gentleman
showered now I Had I the tongue of
an orator, 1 wonM aiipeai lor this
justice in words that would kindle the fiame of
manhood in the breast of every listener, but my wonts
fail to meet the demand of the occasion. The aramil
tiering embers the blackened wails. Oie buried lives,
finitten Iwipes, a crushed city, rained thousands, and
wailing hearts, speak in tones to wnk'h my. Oars and
heart cannot be Indifferent. Whatever others may do,
I :«m rradv to act, though 1 stand alone, and now state
tliat Ferry <t Ertx will meet their quota of this 50.000,.
00D f* ct at old prices, and if necessary Bell their whole
Meek on hand at prices before the fire, and if we fall tu
doing it, we shall have the consciousness of having
fallen in an attempt to help sore sufferers rise.
Mr. rbainnan. I ask that the vote upon my amend
meat be taken by uplifted hands, for we want to sec
whohave manhood and who' have not. (Mr. Ferry's
amendment was carried by an almost unanimous
vou-.]
BIG CONFIDENCE OPERATION.
A .HiaArMta Plijtlclaa, J»ha T. Farwell,
find Other intelligent. Ba»inc«M] yien
Siwlndlcd by Couaducc Operator*—Tb*
rtlaiter Undergoing Investigation in n
t'nilrd Stales Court*
A most extraordinary case is being now tried
in the United States Circuit Court in St. Paul,
Minn., which displays Pome singular phases of
human character. It Is the result of a confidence
operation of the most barefaced and wholesale
kind, whereof the victims arc men of high stand
ing. one of them being the editor of a religious
pjjM'p, another John V. Farweli, of this city, and.
a third a I>r. Bnrhaus, obFaribnult. Minn.; while
a large nmulier of other cqnaUywc!l-kmwn and
respected citizens have also been taken in. Tho
story is-as follows; In December. 1860. Dr.
Samuel Bnrhmn. who owned nlxmt $20,000 in Min
nesota, took a trii&lo Tennessee, slopping
at the Revere House In this city. Hen* he
chanced to meet a man named Jefferson, with
whom he became slightly acquainted. Both men.
however, were members of the Masonic frater
nity, and in a brief space* they liecanic intimate.
Jefferson prevailed upon the Doctor to remain
lunger in the city than he had at llrst intended,
rendering his stay here extremely pleasant.
During their aequaiutanee.Jcffersou had dropiK'd
quiet hints about some rich (mythical) goldmines
In Wyoming, and. by dint of skilful maiupur
ring, produced a derided amount ef Interest on
KmimuV part. The Doctor, having occasion to
change Ids room. Jefferson, with becoming polite
ness ami generosity, offered him a share in his
apartment, which was duly accepted. Then
.Teffci.-ou introduced Mr. Collins, who
had purchased several shares in these
glorious mines, and introduced the name of John
V. Furwell as u purclmwer, giving considerable
color to his story by the mention of that highly
respectable gentleman. By adroit persuasion
Jftiihaus was stimulated to a desire to purchase
seme shares also, but they were too valuable to
he sold. Then the discoverer of the mines was
breught forward, and as a special favor to Jeffer
son he concluded to sell several shares to hla
friend Dr. Durham*, for wnicii the tmfortunatc
crutUrnuu only too gladly paid all Ids wealth,
house, und real estate, und $2,1100 in notes besides.
Three witnesses were produced, ouc of whom is
now on inmate of the Stale Prison of Wisconsin,
und the deed duly executed. On returning home
und telling lus story*, the Doctor awoke
in the minds of some of bis friends
a that ho bad twen most
egmrlouslywnped. One of them even wrote to
Mr. Farweli and inquired in* to his slum*. The re
ply from that quarter was that, on tho representa
tions of Mr. Jefferson he hail purchased 300 feet
of the mine and had erected a crushing mill at
great ex|*em»e. The letter went on to add that ho
had nut obtained an onuec of gold, with further
infoiumthui leading to the conclusion that tho
whole affair was a bold eoutidence game, and the
nun Jefferson nu accomplished scoundrel. Bull
w&s therefore commenced against that ambitious
gentleman, which has resulted in the discovery of
more vietinis. The whole case discloses great
skill und tact throughout.
THE GIOBK THK.VTTIF.
fi few days ago there was not a theatre tn exist
ence in Chicago. On Monday* night the city could
boast of a new play, one of the best modem
dramas ever produced, splendidly put upon tho
stage, and acted by company rarely, if over,
surpassed before the lire. The Ulobe was well
filled with a flue-looking audience, although the
night was rainy and cold, and it -was not difficult
to' conclude that a season of extr&ordluftrv suc
cess was inaugurated. Good things are accepta
ble tho world over, and the new play, “Divorce/*
which has created an extraordinary interest In
New York and Boston, Is evidently destlusd to
Include Chicago in its triumphs. The author of
it Is n genius, for mme but a genius could have
bo artistically woven together the commonly
occurring episodes—not exactly commonplace—
which go to make up the story, and which, under
the skilful handling of tbenuthor.reuder intensely*
interesting a plot most simple and natural. The
outline of tho story* mav be briefly stated, but
nothing short of the play Itself will serve to con
vey on idea of the ingeniously devised incidents
and situations with which it abounds, from begin
ulngtoeud. Not a dull nr valueless episodo oc
curs in the progress of the plot; bcarcelyunnctor,
no matter how inconsequential, but has some
thing to say or do of importance or interest.
The author has confined himself almost exclu
sively to the subject of connubial lufcllcitv In
npi-er circles, the question of divorce being, lu tin*
play as in real life, introduced ns the solution of.
those difficulties; but.again, intho-plny ns in real
life. It proves to be anything tmt a nappy escape.
The scene is laid in >ew York, nnd tire date is
now, n year past, or n year hence, for the incidents
arc* occurring, have occurred, and will occur
again. Mr*. Ten F.yek (Miss Douglas) hsw two
marriageable daughters, Fmmy (Miss Doßar) and
Lumsc <Mlkh Madderu). The latter is handed
over to a wealthy old widower, Mr. Dc "Witt (Wil
son), while iVrmigis led to the altar by Adrians
iMorilmci). tho lover of her girlhood. One mar
ries for money, and the other for love, although
there is no lack of lucre in either case. Difficul
ties arise between Louise nnd her husband by
reti son of disparity of ago and
temperament 7 but, while the other
couple are happily mated la these
rcvpects. they become involved in more serious
cmiiplic.tilous through Adrianae’t needless Jeal
ousy of Captain Lipu/e (Padgett), an old friend of
the Ten Eycks, and n rejected suitor of Rumv'i.
.who Is fond of him us a friend only, and really
loves her husband, to whose demand, however,
that she cut J.ynde'r acquaintance, she returns a
decided negative, on the ground thnt the demand
is tyrannous and unreasonable. An unlucky chain
of circumstances, of the occurrence of which
Lywdc** vanity and mischief-making propensities
an* mainly the cause, conspire to bring about a
violent rupture between Fanny and her husband.
Hie former retiring to her mother’s house, under
the meddlesome, wretched advice of tliat foolish
woman, who proves to be u mother-in
law of the most mischievous, but not
most uncommon type. Meanwhile Louise
hfes secretly Liken steps to bring about a l»ga!
separation from her husband. Laving secured the
Unices of Trmpteton Jill. £*q., whose*** xa raw
promcti.r/Jt 01 divorces without publicity, and
who call* to his ail* h detective named Surritt, a
cunning, unscrupnlong scamp trim understands
hU business thoroughly. Acting in tho capacity
of peace-makers in tho distracted families are
A&x Kemp (Mrs. SloncaU), a shrewd, sensible old
niffy, who sees Just what ought to be done, and
then does it successfully before she gets through;
and Jfrr. Many Duneau (Howard), a young cler
cjmnn. with more sincerity than tact, who con
tnvcanct only to “put hi» foot,” but bln whole
body, into It before he gets through. Adrians*,
halt insane with his delemma, engages Burritt to
keep watch for him. and that worthy,
noting In the interest of Ji/(, who hopes
to get another case thereby, reports
progress in such a manner as to convince Adri
o«« that Fauuyluißdichonorcd him, whereupon
he violently removes his child trom her custody
and CBcajH s to Florida, where he conceals hlmscu
for a time, but is at last traced by Ms wife. Un
known to Fanny, her mother can*** the arrest of
Adrianee on the ground of insanity, which makes
matters much worse, as he believes his wife to be
the author of the scheme. By tho good offices of
37r*. Krma, together .with a mot-t neat and natural
inti odcctlonoi the child at the right moment, a
reconciliation is effected' all around, Louise and
her husband having adjusted their differenrea,
much to the disgust of the divorce lawyer. Tha
ending is pleasant, desirable, and thoroughly nat
ural. and. as the curtain drops for the U*>t time.
itlsrasytoECcthatlho-audk-nceis “glad to see
that it turned out so/* There arc other characters
is the piece, and all of them good ones,—notably
those of Jioi (S&phore), MoiUe (Miss Whitney),
Croce (Lizrio Mahon), and others.
The place waaffnely produced In all respect,
the east being, with one or two exoeptioua. of a
uniform strength and capability, such as la eel.
dom attiilaed. The roles of Miss Deßar and Mr.
Mortimer were both of a difficult order, and wo
havo only space to soy that each was all that
could be desired. Without further ladlvlduallx
iag.it mar be truly said that the porta assigned
to Madders. Mra. Stoneall. MUsBnrLMUs
tv*hltnfy. and Meeere. Padgett, Wilson. Howard,
Saphore, Martin, Langrisbe. Graves, and others,
were filled in a manner which speaks well for the
resources of ths company as a whole. To pro
duce Divorce requires a large number of capa
ble actors, and it U doubtful If the needs of the
play In this respect havo been more fully met
elsewhere.
with regard to the scenery, furniture, appoint
ment*., etc.* too much in .praise caohol be said.
Evidences abound of a liberal expenditure of
money and time to bring out Divorce" In a a trie
bciU'ung the play and the audiences it la certain
to attract, ana the result would have been credit
able to iho beat of our theatres before the fire
Sets equal to those In the first and fifth sets are
not frequently met with anywhere. The costumes,
too, are rich and appropriate—altogether beyond
what could have been expected of ‘‘burnt-out"
actors. Last, but not.least, the Males of the audi
torium have been carpeted, and the theatre is note
comfortable and attractive. There need bo no fear
about ‘‘Divorce/* The merit of the play, the ex
cellence of the cast, and the superb stage mount
ings, will taie care of themselves, and it will be
many woda before it will be necessary to change
the bill. Divorce remains until farther notice
Including the Wednesday and Saturday matinees.
JANE COOStSa'
Paring her short aeasoa In thla city, Jano
Ooctnbd daaatftd 1 500 fop the relief of the Chicago
euJcrcra, mailng t3JOO that she haa contributed.
ItJahrr plan to give *W3 out of tbo proceeds of
kratucos la ercry city m'ffhlcii her troupe bp
pears.
MORETARY AND COMMERCIAL.
Tuesday Evening, Nov. 7.
All financial business was extremely light
to-day. In this market the Paine features pro*
vnllodtlmr have characterized the last four or
five days, Except as capital Is used iu the move
ment of grain and provision-* to Eastern markets
the monoy in the banks Is Inactive, and there Is a
laige movement of funds toward New York.
Exchange la. eonfeoueully in demand at par for
►ales between hanks. At the counter bankers
sell at par and hoy at l-io discount.
In New York money seem-* folw growing easier,
as is shown by the reduction of rates for call
loans, and the upward tendency of prices of
stocks and serui ities.
’A conrspoudent sends us the following, which
refers to nu actual case, and upon inquiry we are
led to believe there an* others like it;
To ffc Editor of The Chicago Trioune
Slit: Will yon kindly Inform tho public if then* is
any law or eastern to Justify a bank iu n-Xasing to pay
a check drawn against an actual credit balance, lie
cause it holds paper endorsed by the maker ur the
check, but which lias two mouth* to run liefore the
bank has u right to demand payment of elthex maker
or endorser. uelUierpaity having failed or suspended.
IThuks pursuing this course to meet their deposits
should 1m- shown up to the public, as such action ilam
ages the credit of solvent merchants, usd depositors
ought to know what banks are to be depended on for
fair and honorable treatment. a VlciPL
In reply tothoul>ove we would say that unless
both flit* maker and endorser of the paper were
confessedly iKinkrupt, the bank would nut have
the shudow of legal authority for »nch action.
The National Bankrupt law provides that the
debtqrof a bankrupt may offset kb* Indebtedness
lo such liankrupt with e<iual amount of IndeM
cdm*«« duo hlm/mm such Imukrupt. i-veii though
the taller indebtedness uot bo due. But in
the ease referred to, tho endorser of the* paper
would not bo a debtor uf tho limik, and the bank
would have no legal authority to adopt such a
course with the money of tho endorser unle&i the
maker of tlu* pajier refused tu pay. and the en
dorser was bankrupt.
Tin* deposits of the three leading Savings Banks
of this city at the time of tho fire were as fol
lows: State Savings Institution. $3,500.000; Mer
chants’, Fonucrs* amt Mechanics’. $1.000.093;
Prairie State Loan awl Tm*t, ssoorf>oo. We have
the figures at bund In relation to the loans of only
one of the foregoing, to wit: The Merchants’
Fanners* and Mechanics’. This bank
loaned ont on real estate security, of which 10 per
♦cut was on proi*erty in the burnt district;
more was in call loans on public bonds as
collateral tecurltv. It hod invested In
covcrmuout. State, and muuieipHl bonds. Tlds.
together with SIOO,OOO loaned, made the aggregate
of its dci>o.sits <li.oro.ooo> and caxntal (|so,ooo>.
Its opgivgatc deposits November 1. 1871; were
s?l9.2ss—showing very httlo decline since the lire.
The Treasury Department lias thus far issued
sfo,«c,coo of the new 6 per cent, partly In ox
change for the SdiOs, known us “called bonds,”
and rnrily in exchange for other 5-uos, held as
wcimtv. to Ik* again exchanged for called bunds,
when the latter can be obtained.
Wc hear of several apparently well Authenti
cated Instances, in which insurance companies
which represent that they are paying all losses
in full/’ and arc malting capital out of that state
ment to secure them new business. are In fact
deducting from in to 13 per cent bom the amounts
due to nreily policy-holders who nro in
man)* caws submitting to these swindles because
they cannot afford to wait and collect it by law.
Tills is douc. too, in cases where there Is no quota
tion as to the loss being for the full amount of
the policy. Ouc compnuy which It is alleged is
doing this, is the l*ha*nix f of Brooklyn, whoso rep
resentative here seems to think that the policy
holders are cutitle<l to nothing hut what hfe corn
limy chooses to pay them.
The Allcmania insurance Company, of Cleve
land. we hear, offers to compromise with its pol
icy-holders at 33 cents on the dollar. Its gross
assets ou January i. isn. were $209,732, and its
losses variously estimated from $30,000 to SIOO,OOO.
The Occidental, of Pan Francisco, offers Its pol
ice-holder* 20 cents on the dollar. Its gross assets
ml January 1, were HTI.OOO, und Us losses prob
ably SAO.tXW.
\\c think policy-holders should ho in no hurry
to accept any such terms. Under the Insurance
laws of California, the Occidental, at least, ought
to pay at least double us much. We are inclined
to believe that many persons representing, or
pretending to represent insurance companies
here, are endeavoring to intimidate policy-hold
er* for the purpose or having their churns for half
whui the companies will pay on them. In con
neelion with the Occidental, we reprint the fol
lowing from the San Francisco JUdleVtn of Oct.
20;
It has la v en stated that the occidental Insurance
rnmjaiiiv. of this citr, lost 130.00j by the Chicago tin*.
We understand that a telegram was to-day r»*colv**d
In'm President Stiles, who Is at Chicago, that the losses
will not be over 30 ;ht cent cf that amount, which
would still leave the company with $225,000 of capital
and assets. We further bam that u meeting ot tin*
Directors was held this morning, and it was nnartl.
nmuidy ngm*d to levy un assessment to repair capita!
inst to soon as the amount oeces-arv to be raised for
hat I’urjwse can be ascertained. President McDcr
mot. of the People's, telegraphs more favorable nows,
and the Commissioner has extended the time to repair
capital. It Is hoped that the company may yet recover
from the blow received.”
Upon the representations made to us by policy
.holders in the Security iDßurancc Company of
New York, wo made some reference yeaterdav to
the course being pursued by that company. To
day, we called upop the Attorney of the company,
who furnishes uh with further and much mure
satisfactory Information, ua follows: Under tho
taws of the State of New York, a Receiver was
appointed on October IC. It is anticipated thnt
Hourly—if not unite—all the proofs of loss will bo
presented within four months from the date of the
appointment of the Receiver. The total assets of
the company are now the property of the policy
holders, and the Receiver la simply their agent to
disburse it to them pro rata. In accordance with.
the Insurance law of yew York, a dividend will
be paid to the policy-holders In four
months from October 16. and a second dividend
will lx: paid In one year after the first. Within
three months after the second dividend, the Re
ceiver must present Ida accounts and have them
jipproved.by the court. Any person having an
interest in the fund can then appear and object to
the acceptance of tho account*, and requlro<an
investigation. If. upon such investigation, the
Receiver Is found guilty of any breach of trust,
his bond becomes forfeit, and hla bondsmen and
himself become liable. As near as wo can esti
mate. the Security ought to pay between 60 and 70
per cent.
Some days ago we raised tho question as to
what was to bocomo of the “rein
surance fund” of the New York companies.
The law of that State require*
thnt this fund Khali be for the reimbursement of
policy holders for unearned premiums on policies
In force at the time the company discontinue*,
bUHim-PH. In the preheat situation, however, it Ip
probable that very few policy holders who have
experienced no lop*** on their policies, will pre
sent anv claim fora return of tho unearned por
tion of their premiums. Even 11 they do present
such claims, the national Bankrupt law. being sit
perior to the State Jaw. would require that their
claims should only be paid in the same ratio as
other debts of the bankrupt company. The im
portance of this last legal feature i* shown by the
fact "that the reinsurance fund of the Security
Insurance Company of New York is $-300,000, or
uea: iv one-half of its total assets.
—The 3t. Louis Democrat Bays:
'•The losses of Missouri insurance compa
nies by the Chicago tin* were comparatively
email, as about half the total number of companies
lu this state held no risks In Chicago. Tho fol*
lowing Is a list of all the Mltisotrrl •mupnnlßs thnt
did l<w hv the great fire, together with the amounts:
FL Jusepb F. utul M.. $13,000; FtoUi, of Hannibal. $21,-
at); M. Louis Ins. Co., $20,030; I’luvnlx, of
St. lands. $10,000: North Missouri, of Macon.
$21,000; Natienal of Hannibal. slo,rtX\ Mer
chant. of Ft. Joseph, $10,000: JCarine,
of St. Louis. $10,000: Jefferson Stock, of St. Louis.
fIS.CCO; Home stock, St. JoM-ph, $3,000: OJobe sfutn.il,
st. Louis. $73.000: Excelsior, Ft, Lot Us. $13,000; Com
mercial, St. l,ouls. $23,000- Citizens’, o! St. Louis.
?i3.CCP; Chouteau. Boatman's Insurance and
mat Company. $27.3U); Anchor Fire and Marine,
125.WP American Central, of St. Louis, $27W75 Home
Mutual Fire and Marine, st. Louis, |5.0X1; Hope Mutual
Insurance ceiupuny, st. l,ouK fVW."
TrxfiDAT EVEtfUtO, Nor. 7.
There was not much doing In produce circles to
day, the Board of Trade having adjourned to take
Surt in tho election. Yet. a few gathered on the
oor of the Exchange, und several transaction*
were reported. There wu« uo bulletin of receipts
nnd shipments; all the railroads, except about
three, foiled to report.
Higbwinos were steady at yesterday's quota
tions; JEObrls were sold at 83 c.
Lake freights were Inayv.vo— nominally un
changed, at re for wheat, and. 7 1-20 for corn by
sail to Buffalo.
Provision* were inactive. Quotations wero sub
stantially the sameosTceterday. ft>quot«< U<uts
pork, cash or seller tie month. W2.75ai3.00; the
outside for selected brand*. Pork, seller Decem
ber. H2.C21-2a12.75; do seller January. *1237 l-2a
18X0; do seller February. *IXI2I-2»13.25. Lard,
cash or scUer_Novemberor December, 8 Me; do
seller January, 6 Me; do seller February, 6Ma
Green shoulder*. 3 7-8 c; do abort riba.
*Me; the same «&It*d. seller December,
at 41-2 c -dad 6 He- Ortea bams, 7a71-Sc;
sweet pickled aainx 101-2allc. Mess
berf. taro ;extra mess. t9.00; pnruc tallow. 8 Me.
Wheat was rather weak. The market lor seller
last half opened at 11.21, improved to 11.21 2-* and
closed dun at tl-SOI-a Seller December closed
dull at 81.211-4. Cash K0.12 spring, or seller tbo
month, sold at 81.19 l-2a1.20.i-2, closing at the In
side. For No/3 spring 81.12 wns bid..
Coin was quiet at tSa-MU-ic for No. 2, aha 413-4
a4sc for refected, closing with buyers at the In
side. Nothing doing in options', except one or two
sales at 45 5-fc seller the month.
Oats were very qakt, at 313-4 c for cash lots of
No. 2. Rejected sold at 28c.
Kvo was nominal at 58 l-3a59c for No. 3, and 61a
P2c for rejected.
Barley was nominal at Sic for No. 3. and 42c* for
No- 3.
Tbe following were the amounts of grain re
ported as in store in this city on the evening of
Saturday last and at corresponding dates:
OrLSS,*?!. A0r.5,*70.
vrnu-vx.
No. 1 red i,ow 1 jxn
No. 2 red.... 7.573 7,W6
No. 1 cfbtcr 1.W4 L 395
No. 2 amber 1.029 1.029
No. 3 Winter 6,589 5,637
No grads winter........ 699 698
No. 1 spring 4.334 1,961
No. 2 spnag...*. <86.125 4*9,802
•N0.3 spring 63.094 .99.719
No. 1 hard spring 21,794 26,320
No. 2 bard spring..:.... 30&9 34,067
spring- 29,169 37.303
No grade 5pring......... 4,431 1,353
Total wheat 684,056 CM-337 1,729.053
coas..
White.,..— 396 398
YeliOW 37,173 36,322
>O. 1 41.339 47.266
M- 2 *27.390 697,713
Rejected 7X053 «L»4
No. 2 Ilia drieih. 4,195 X 313
Rejected do 130 10.228
No grade 3,604 6.686
Total com .682,803 767.769 641,931
OATS.
No. 1 1X833 16,430
Nq. 2.1 3*4,653 667011
P-jjCCted 41,6*4 71*207
No grads 4.363 5,839
Total oats ..403,733 757,590 *9X173
BTE.
No. 1 j 61.079 69.030
No. 2 210,652 387,243
Rejected IXBB3 x«d
Total rye. 284*614 484,934 106,319
PAHtBT.
No. 2 306,927 273,737
NO. 3 146.190 134.976
Rejected U,IC3 14*355
Total barley. 45X386 422,958 619,905
Total grain 2*52X491 3.111,668 9,619,737
The flour in store on the Ist Instant was IXOSO
bris. a gainst br la oa October 1* and 6X690 brls
on November l, 2670.
it will bo seen'that there -was a decrease all
round in grain, within the week, except on barley.
The shipments have been much larger than wu
indicated by the state of the freight market as
many grain owners hare shipped on their own
vessels.
In the afternoon there was no trading in grain.
cosrraißCTtdjfß.
MONETARY.
INSURANCE.
COMMERCIAL.
Thecnlything done was to charter tin* schooner
Liti- CJrufl m osneso. with n.ooo ini wheat at
ir>c. The l*;nk Cuba was repotted chartered in
the morning with dsmiaged wheal in Windier at
t’c. A ear load r.lMtio HM ui-w shoulders sold,
ten rtnys in n.II. at I 7-se packed.
The Dnilt market.
l u,t, r market was generally re
portedactive tor jibe Wiut snides, both on local
ACI :it l muter light receipts the
feeling was mm, at lull price-, oral 20a250. Com
,V?! IU U rt M ‘l»tions were more or less
mSI il I, 1 ""■.’Ply I* now litriW. mill liohl
oHre- U fi to realize, save at full
ift y k r ot
-BAG OIXO. There wa-* imtldng new of general
l nt n 25 t V m QU s' n in connection with tfifc mar
ket, The demand continue-* giKut f.,r this *ea*oU
of tin year. miU witL uu.-r-.l uu.l "4
stocks m.store, prices ruled steady and linn Wo
repeat our li-t as follows; Stark,‘ste; Lewiston!
Sic; Americjtn, si j-2c; Minnesota. 30c; bntlsT«
1ku».511*2522c: (Jhnnk-a, 17ii5Se; wool wets If-;-
lIfIUHXO 31 ATEIir.\IS-.\’n™l
was .loinf in marly nil doarnmiuiu, »nj mim
were firmly sustained. We quote; Stucco son
3XO; cement, fI.TS; lime, in bulk. fi.25; white
smid, per brl. 43.MRt5.25: plastering hair, per Im.
ssiuOc: fire brick, per 1.000., f4o.ooa'ji>.no; bnildlu
brick, fire clay. *».00a7.n0 i*-r l»rL
BKAX£—Remain firm, notwithstanding the in
creased supply, a* the demand i-oniiuue%aetlve
We quote: Common. f1.r.0ai.75; good bSehok'O
f2.C0u2.25.
BROOM-GOAN—If firm, at MiAnoaiW.oo p,?rt«n
or oUJs fiHiittrJOO.i'O for new, uml fcsv.waiuo.oo
for rlioTw* mirL
COOPBHAOK—Ik steady ami firm at *l.*feit.TS
for pork J2.wa2.oc for £L2O;i2.2C for
twites; si.Wti2.4o’lor uhL-TwV l»r!s (or
tiourhrK Staves and heading* :u** quoted at
sis.«t>u2o.n* per tit fpruork, aua £i5.UUa26.W> perm
(or whiskey brl- and To.
No new ft mures were noted in eon*
neetlon with tli* market for this staple. A steady,
fair bu.-iuesH i> dolnjr. sunt tl»<* prevalent fueling w
tiuu. The are euUk-kul to meet tho ns.
quiremenlft ofthe trade. We quotei'Jfcw York
factory. liUo i-iv; Ohio factory, touHc: Western
do. I‘ialjc... r
C'OAl>-Owine >to tbe advance- in 'ingunuu'e
rules. and In the rale* of freight, the price of
Erie coal was t<>-dny advanced Stfe per ton. or to
SP.OO. The f*t«H*k*hftrel» light. 'Other descriptions
.remain steady and unchanged. We now quote:
,lrt*hlgh. prepared, SWO; Lackawanna, $0.00; Erie.
s©.oo; P aluut HQJ. $8.:o; Indiana, 47.00; ilocklu#
Valley. $7.50; Wilmington, 45.50.
;CII>EH—Wa4 steady nt'W.OOav.do pci* brl, no*
cordinpto quality.-
ECKls}—Sold readily at 2’2h34c per dozen. .The
supply wan fair, bat not in'oxcortrt of the'demand.
’KuCTTIs In thw dedarimeat
was reported lain. .and Abo .market wa*
firm for all Rood*' _• In the list. The
following are the* current rates; Date*,
9 l-2ftlo i*2c; rip*, drum*. 90a2ic; dpt, box, SSatte;
Turkey prune*, ©aloe; KmiPh do. liaise; raisins,
01d,92.1‘0ua.00 donew,st.Co: blackberries,lCulSo;
pitted cherru-c. Soaio*; pencheo. pan*V-9ia3So:
peacbce, halve*; .8 ourrantaVO-l-SalOe;
apples, old, Ra7e:'do uew Western. S l-"Sa9c; do
'new KttMenu wane.
jGKEKN muißh-Mct wUbjA good demand,
and the followlog nricc» wm being realized:
Apples on track at and from store ut
$2.0003.(0. Cranberries, sh).OOall;qcr-for wild, and
113.00a1i.00 for cultivate*!.
FISH—A firm feeling still, characterizes the
market for lake ll*b, and tin* tendency ia still up
ward. Dealers, however, are looking for a mon*
liberal supply, la which event no advance' will be
established. For salt-water tlih there was
a pood detuaiid. and an ample supply
at previous rule*. Wv quote: No. 1 wluco*
Beh, t1.50at.T5; No. 3 ti.0u0i.35; No. I shore
mackerel, |io.uoaU).2ff: Np. bay, $A50a9.00: No. 3
mackcraJ, I8.00us.50: No. 1 shore kits, J2.Wu3.50:
No, iliny,*t.so*ai,ra>:famny kits; JVlOat.ls; bank
cod, ic.oihi6.so: GeorgeV cod, 97.00 a 7.60; box her*
ring. No. 1. jaa tic: scaled herrings 45a50c.
GKOCKT.il>?—The cmulltbm. of the grocery
market was much the kuiic ;u* noted for several
days past. The demand eontimu-fc uninterupted
ly good, and a*the *I«K.-k* arc now liberal aud
assorted, a oatWaelory business Is doing.
In values there was no Important change. augurs
and syrups suv easy,while coffees rice aud nearly
all other articles in Iho lift are steady ami
drill. We quote: A sugar, 13 l-tali a-So B
do. 12al21*8c;C do. 111-SiUo; choice brown. lO»-fta
111-tr; fair do. lOalo l-2c: molasses do, Ouloc.
Prime Rio coffee, tilaijc; choice d0.22a23c;0.
O. Java, :u)a32e; Singapore. Costa idea,
3ia2sc. Kict—Kauguou, 7 l-2.i£o; Patna, SaS l-2c;
Carolina. aa-t»ac.
SYRUPS—Diamond. tJ.3Siii.so; common pyrnp«.
nOa&ic: Porto Kleo innlasNcs 43u.Vhj; pood sugar-
syrup, ioucoc: extra. co.io?e choice silver
drip*, extra fine, WaWc; fjiuey. 70a75c.
81.TC.Ki?—Allspice, italSe; cloves J?u2(Vj; cas
sia, 4Rar.oc; pepper, 4 ,wa2le; nutmegs. tl.3Xal.no.
SOAPS—Frcuch mottled. G jdaTe: standard.
61-iaC 3-lc. German mottled, C Idas ado; eraaivi*.
S S-iace; brown Windsor, i i-Uut 3-4 c; uaUu, li 1
4 l-2e.
STARCH—GIops, 0 iMaKV; corn, lOttlO l-2c;
sundry. 6 l-2a7e: common. sa*: l-ie.
HAY—The hay trade Was fair U'-d.w, and
price* won.> comparatively steady, a*
previously quoted, ranging a* follow*:
On truck— I Timothy, proved, tl3.ltalqii.ft>: prairie,
JO.OOuIO.iu. On wagon—Timothy, Moose,
911.C0n12.r0; prairie, loi~c. jft.ooalo.oo. For de
livery of pressed hay, 91.00a1.50, according to dis
tance.
HlDES—Remain quiet, without perceptible
change in value*. Kolh local and Eastern tnu
nets are operating, though the demand from
neither source I* at «U urgent. We quote
E rices steady, as follow*: Orcca salted,
ght, 11 l-2e do, heavy, 10 l-2c nuuriim kip,
11 l-2c; ’veal kip. iw, green calf, iTc; dr*
cair,2Ge; dry flint, i;*a2oc: dry Kilted. Italic: dry
kip, 22c; deacon*. 50kC50; scored, cut, or other*
wise damaged, tvro-tldrds price.
LEATHER—The leather trade remains quiet
andtoteady at former rales. We quote:
llemi.ock—City harness union, 37038 c; city
harness, 57038 c; eountry harness, .*M;i3Gc; line.city,
per lb. 39a120; kip, per Ih, 8wa81.00; tip, veals
jl,OOal.K>; city-upper. No. 1, per f], 26a29cr city
.upper. No. 2, per ft, 25a27c: country upper. No. 1,
24027 c; collar, per ft. 21u25e; coif, city, 91.Mai.4.:;
calf, country, 91.10a1.25: rough upper, 11 to 13 lb*;
35A37c; rough upper, 14 to l» Uw. 32034 c; rough
upper, damaged, 28a30c: Buffalo slaughter sole,
33a3CC.
Oak—Blanghter aole. «n«c*: Philadelphia sole,
43046 c; harness, per lb. 36»43c; kip. light, |l.(e»u
1.15; kip. No. 1, medium, SOoa'l.OO :xin, heavy, 7Ca
esc: American calf. 32 lbs H.35a1.i5: French calf,
2a lbs, il.Poa2.fti; French calf. So lbs, tl.soa2.So;
French kip, 60 to 100 lbs, ti.00M.63; French call,
Lemolne, per dor. IGG.oouvo.oo; French calf, Jodot,
17C.00u100.C10.
METALS AND TINNERS* BTOCN-The mar
tot continues active and under light stock*. Pfiofvt
are very tirm for nil goods lo the list. Wa quot*:
Tin—itox tin plate, It’, lOxH.tlt.eo; rooting C,
$10.50: large pigs, 45c; small pig's tin, 46c; u»i
tin.47e.
Goiter— Copper bottoms, 3?c braziers', over
12 lbs. Me tin copper, 3.X*. t
Snnirr Zinc—First quality, c.vlr. 10 l-2c; first
qualitv. sheet, lie; slab zinc. Cc.
Wire—2 to C,l*c 6, 9, and 9, l»*o 10 toll, lie:
15, 12 i-2c 13 and I*. 12 i-2c is and I«. 14c -I‘,
l&o; Ift. 10c; 19, 19c; 20, Ibo; full bundles 20 jv:r
cent off.
NAIIB—The demand wa« active and the market
vus fiisn at $4.50 rate*: KM iocd.perkeg.|4.so: Bd,
per keg. $4.75; 6d,perkeg,ss.W; 4d.perkcg.ts.3s;
ud. per kep. $6.00; line Sd, per keg. 17.93; blue 3d,
common, per kep, 97125.
Oll.B—"With the exception of carbon, which was
vent and a l-ac lower, thorn was no quotablo
change In prices, laird. lln**ced, and wbafo ruled
steady. Wo now quote: Carbon, 25 l-2a29c: or*
tra winter lard, ttu&tc: No. 1 current make, 73a75c:
N0.2 do, Cfc; linwd raw, toe; do, boiled, 85c;
whale, 7Cn77c; sperm, $2.00; nentsfoot nil, sl.ooa
1.25; bunk oil. 66c; alruita, 79.*; elephant oil, 95c;
turpentine, 7fo.
FAlNTS—Remain steady at former rates. We
quote: White lead, pure, >11.50; American zinc.
railroad colors, 811.50.
POTATOLS—An' active, abd are firm at the
annexed quotations: Mixed, on track, at COaCOc;
and straight lots at 63u70c. From store sales
were making at WuTOc for common, and at 75a
80c for pood to choice.
POrLTHY AM) OAME-Sales were making
at about foi mer price*. as follows >?.soa-i.25 per
doe for chickens; at tl.SOu 2.50 for ducks, 83.3ia3.73
for prairie chickens, and »l t1.33a1.c0 for email.
SALT—Is active at unchanged prices. We
quote: Saginaw, 82.30; Onondaga, 82.33; coarse,
$3.30: and diamond C at 12.35.
SEEDS—Were nominal at $J.lOu2-7i) for timothy,
ami ?s.w*n6.Co for clover.
TEAS—The market Is active and flrm-
Tho stocks are fair. We quote: Young
hyson, common to fair. Coo£sc; pood, Toasoe:
choice to oxtra^l.3oiil.4O; superior to fine
old hyson, oocatl.10; common imperial. 75a90c;
good to choice do, DOcati.ls; fine to pood gun-
powder, SQcatl.OO: choice to extra, sL3sal.is:
choice to extra leaf Japan, tl.ooal.io; fair to pood
do, Waßoo colored natural leaf Japan. 6da?oe;
common to fine Oolong. 50a650; good, TOoaOo;
choice to extra, e0c053.25.
WOOD—Prices were quoted steady, as follows:
Betch. 110.00; maple,111.00; hickory,sl2.oo: slabs,
fodp. delivered.
WOOL—The offering* are Increasing, but tbo
demand is also more active, and prices aro fairly
sustained.
XiAKE FREIGHTS—Aro inactive and nominal
ly finchaugcd.
£tre Ihock rVarkfl.
CATTLE—Received to-dnv 1,718; received since
Saturday, 3,689; received same period last wosk,
3,901. Lader the combined influence of light re
ceipts and the sharp upward turn of prices at tho
East, there was a decidedly firmer feeling in tho
cattlemarkct to-day. Shippers took hold with more
confidence than on any other nrcvljut day with
in the past six weeks, and for the better grate of
stock such as are usually taken on New York,
Boston, and Albany account, there were ready
buyers at a full Me advance on the prices current
at tho close of last week. The market
'for other grades, though firmer, in sympathy,
was not perceptibly higher, as the supply proven
qultesumdent to meet all wants. Blockers were
inquired for to a liberal extent, and were salable
at v2.50a2.75 for common rouphish lots of from too
torso lbs average, and at $4.00n3.50 for pood to
prime droves, averaging from 900* to 1.030 lb).
Butchers supplied IfaeinKdTW chiefly at 8175 a
-3.76, though higher, and lower figures weropaid,
seme scnllawags being taken at f2.35a2.50, while
in a few instances purchases were
made at f4.P0a3.25. The extreme range
was f2.00ac.25. The outside quotation
was realized by Meters. Gregory, Strader «fe Co.,
for a premium drove, averaging 1,757 lbs. Tbo
Fame patties also sold 16; head, averaging 2.63*>
lbs. at fr_CO. These two "droves were shipped
firm Win* no, and would compare favorably with
anything offered here during the present season.
Tiny were l»ought by Isaac WaixdelL Texas cat
tle were in fair supply, and in demand, at about
former rates, or at f2.25a3.00 for common to good
through droves, and nt f3.35a4.35 for common to
choice Northern—wintered. Among the sales of
the tenner were some 350 head. In lota, at fl.ftOr.
1 3.00; by K. Btrahorn.
We understand that 3. W. Allerton. who, for ft
number of years past, has been Identified with the
live stcck trade of this city, has withdrawn from
the cattle trade, and that m the future his opera*
tlona will be confined to the hog market In con
nection with his already extendre business. Nel
son Morris has undertaken to supply Mr.’AUer
ton’s eußtc mer*, and hereafter all stock purchased
by Mr. Morris for the New York market will be
consigned to Comm uni paw, Instead of Jersey
City, as fo:n>erlr.
One market closed steady nnd firm, with but
little stock remaining in tho yards unsold. We
give tho following as the
CIASJSiG TSXCE9.
Extra— Graded steers, averaging I.WO
lbs, and upward..— Ss.7saC.oi>
Choice Beeves—Fine, fat well-formed 3
Lto year 5 old steers,; and averaging
1.200 to IrSOOIba. 6.25*5,60
Good Ecovce—Well fattened, finely*
formed
Fair Grades—Fair steers, in fair flesh.
averaging 1.050Q1.200 lbs 4.35at.50
Medium Clat?—Mttttam atcers and good
cows for city slaughter, averaging 600
al,fCo 11s. >.00a1.55
Block Cattle-Common rattle In decent
fleet, avcrnpng7t)oal,o«) Iba 3.50a3.50
Inferior—Lirot and thin cows and
steers a.«e2.25
HOG e—Beer Wed to-day, '11,593: received since
Saturday. 15.WT; received same period last week,
19,709. There was little change la the hog mar
ket, as compared with yesterday, The supply
was.liberal and the demand fair, and prices
ruled steady nt t3.75a3.50 for common: t3.87a3.90
for medium; and at C3.9Ca4.10 for good to strictly
choice. Meet of the transactions were within the
range of t3.5Ca3.96. fackers and shipper* were
operating. and l»etwcon them the bulk of the hogs
were taken up. The market closed sturdy.
SllErr—There was a fair Inquiry at about last
week's prices.
Lumber market.
There was very little doing in cargo 1 amber
to-day. the silos being confined to those left over
yesterday. Few vessels arrived. Prices were*
steady. The following sales were reported by
dealer* who were not at the polls.
Fargo of schr J. F. Tracy, 3laniateo, 150'mft
joMs and scantling. at SIB.OO for 20 ft anil over,
ami jj«.ro for is ft and under. Sold by J. M.
Loomis A. Co,
r«:rs«* of scow Harriet Ann. White Lake, 8.7 raft
mixed lumber at *18.00; Co m lath at 52.75. Sold
by K. M. Houblc*h»y.
Cor-.ro of sclir Speed.Manistee, loom ft lumber
at *17.(0 for joists and scantling, aud fIIOQ for
edge boards. Sold by R. K. Bickford.
O.V TRACK.
Business was rather quiet, but prices were un
changed, ut f3.50u3.75 fur A or Star, and flA&ilOtf
for >o. 1 sawed.
AT THE TARIW.
There ttsblcm doing in the yards, cwtag to
tlte election, hut prices 'were a shade firmer oa
common lumber: other descriptions irnclumsed-
We quote:
First clear, 1 inch to 3 Inch ....9 aSKOV
Second dear, l inch to a Inch.*. 4T.00»48J»
Third elear. l inch 35.00sJTJ»
JUT. 1 inch
Third cljarjtLli'lt KXOMUt
First and toco ml clear flooring, to
«ther. ronph aiOOO
First and second clear aiding, together 33.00u5&00
Lomujon siding... m«^
Cotymon flooring, dressed f1eet.........
Common flooring, dressed second...... eww»
>V;:goa-box boards, selected, 26 inches
~n dupwonls 33.00*44.00
X stock boards x /m«iw
BttOck ivt rkw<}q «yy
Common Njards Joists,
timber* &e., Ift leet and dhder.
Fencing
Joists and wantting, IBa34ft*st
Slcketa* square
Pickets* flat iO
doorposts* 5p1it..;..,.....,.,
.Clear poets* r0und......
Lath
S&wed shingles* No. i
Sawed shingles* A or star.
FIMOOF HiTil!
HALE BRO.,
10,12,14 i6Canal-st
Parlor Sets,
Chamber Sets,
Diningroom Sets,
Kitchen Sets.
ffiatlresses, of all Ms,
A large lot STANDING
DESKS and SITTING
DESKS, Office CHAIRS,
Etc,, just in.
Good Work, and Low
Prices. First come, first
served.
HALE 810.,
IQ.lo 16 Crnal-st.. bft. Ink? and Raadolpti.l
OtOTHIHG.
REMEMBER,
uiir-v. in want or
ME CLOTH!
7be 01d-tetabllsb«d House of
d.IT. BELDDiG CO.,
NOW
EDWARDS,
BLUETT CO.,
lure cow on hand a eplcndlil assortment of
WIM-MECOIM
FOR MEN AND BOYS’ WEAR.
Also a fisc assortment of
dents’ Furnishing Goods
A ftne-aiflwcll.ajwortfdotockof PIECE GOODS, to
ttak^lornkr.
Xjf Pri .t’rt guaranteed lower than ever.
Edwards, Bluett Co.,
45 47 li es! Madison-sl.
376 South State-st.
BAGS.
MGS! MGS!
Orders promptly filled nt the
lowest market rates, for
Seamless Bags,
Burlap and Gunny Bags,
Flour Sacks.
rniKTED-ro order.
Grocers’ Paper Bags.
Hart, Asten Co M
5 7 WEST MADIBON-3T.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Gram, Seeds,
DRESSED HOGS.
POPE DAVIS,
Ccmmi&BlOQ, 43 Wed Wftfihlogton-*t,Chlcagt». Prompt
rciwaal attcalkn to business. Correspondence, Ac.,
mvitt-d.
K. 15.- Thno ha.Hr r.t been, at anr lime, any
th n in tLe p: yxncut by na of BigUtdrattd against »M-v
menu.
W. J. n. L. DAVIS-
A, C. KELLOGG CO,
Steam Job Printers,
45 West Washington-st,
AND
46 South Besplainea-st.,
drr Prepared la Fill mil Order* Pramptlp
fWXJE mtJTD 888 VS.
T. B, MULDOWM?,
{Fertmerlg of 81 JYmrth C7«rf<iX,}
Will open with a* ir*S stock of Imported winds and
iqborsatlll West Washlngton-st, on THUBSDAT,
November 0. where ho will bo happy to see hlsslA
fr*.f rde and the public in general.
BAKKXNG.
Bry Goods Bank.
CAPIIU, SIiOOO.OOO.
336 Broadway, SEW 7 YORK,
SIBEOTOIW.
Jstviii SUdA,
TTiojaM p. KJdHdgr,
Bajbtzpl B. Dssa.
Cotneiiaa I*. BlUa,
M. P. Want,
Walter 11. Lewla,
Edward H. Townaesd
Jacnb WecdeU,
8. 8. Fisher, _•
SMridite, tfeahta Jt Ga>
upua,Tiutar a«jb.
John a A Ao£
fipaultllaic, Hoac A 00.
£ewU BroUun A Oa.
Tpwp»«4 Yfcia.
J. C. How* A Co.
James Emott, Emot. Hammond Pomeroy, (Connsel I
Hewlett Scndder. Jcn«*j, UadethUl dtScadd*.-'
T P. MHorAAeftaUx.
Gray. James P. White A 00.
Huwaxd i» Poor, Denny, Poor Jt Or
Ojm- o. Stswy Shaw, Barbour A Co. (of CtndanaU.>
Beery Ahoy, Almy A Oo
Whittomore, Pert. Poet <fc 00.
-j. AW.BoU*msa4tOo,
W Uham I». Brlataali,
Accounts of Banks, Bankers,
Inters and dealers throughout to© oountry
sro poildted. Collecttans made on tot reasonable
tunas. IntcrtAt allowed on Banks sad Bankers* bat
aace*.
william' p. bbintkall, president.
CHABLIiS Jk. BOaEBT, Cashier.
0M.09
aSCUO
90.00n36L00
ISJXaVT-OO
ai&oa
IC.OOalftm
».<»ft£Loi>
a Ida
lASa 4.T5
3.T5& tOO