2
NEW YORK
Order Issued for tlie Arrest of
Mayor Hall.
Additional Frauds Brought to
Light in Brooklyn.
Market Reports—Advance in Western
Freights.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
MONEY.
New York. Nov. 29. —The Sab-Treasury dte-,
bureed, to-day. $4,000,000 in gold against checks
to the amount of $8,000,000 issued iu payment of
the called-in five-twenty bonds. The money mar
ket icsjiofided to these heavy disbursements by
free offerings to lend at 5 to C per cent on call,
and the supply largely in excess of demand. Tho
disbursements of gold by the government on ac-
count of the called-in five-twenty bonds will
strengthen the bank reserves, and insure a x>eriod
of universal ease in the monej* market during the
month of December, thus preventing the custo
mary stringency in loans at this season. Tho
European money markets are also well supplied
with loanable funds, so that tho foreign
bankers iu this city will have larger balances
than usual to lend here. Somp of the foreign
bankers are endeavoring to lend considerable
Mims on time.
GOLD.
The markets generally were dull to-day. Gold
fluctuated between 110 3-Sallo 1-2. The rates paid
for carrying were n, 2,31-2,5, 4, and c per cent to
Hat. At the Assistant Treasurer's to-day the bids
for government gold amounted to $1,095,000, at
prices ranging from no to no 40-100, and the
■were made at ilu 371-2-100 to
no 40-jcn. As ~to tU*.i immediate future
of gold- ’it is impossible to say,
and it is useless to indulge in speculations in re
gard to it, as everything depends upon the
amount •which Trill come out for tbo December
the sum to be sold next mouth.
It is estimated”that, were all the shorts to cover
immediately, thereSwould not be gold enough in
the Treasury to supply the demand, so largely is
the market oversold. The temptation to go short
is very great, for about the only money that has
been made in the G old Room lately has been on
the short side.
THE GOVERNMENT BOND MARKET
declincd, in sympathy with gold, but closed
steady. Central Pacific bonds were strong at 103
1-2 to 103 3-4; Union Pacific first mortgage bonds
closed at 911-8 to 911-4 land grants, 79 to 79 3-8;
incomes, 611-4 to 84 1-2; and stock, 27 1-4 to 27 3-8.
THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE MARKET
was firm, and advanced.**- Prime bankers’ sixty
day sterling bills are quoted at 100 to 109 l-S, with
very Utile business.
THE STOCK MARKET.
was strong and advanced 1-2 to 1 per cent. In
the middle of the. day there was a slight reaction,
but afterward the market again improved. Tho
most active stocks were Rock Island, Lake Shore,
Wabash, and Western Union. The promised ease
in money consequent upon tho sale of gold dis
bursed from the Treasury iu December, contribu
ted greatly to the fair presx>ects in stocks. The
cliques are now said to be opearating for a rise.
THANKSGIVING.
To-morrow, being Thanksgiving day, will be
observed as a close legal holiday, and no busi
ness will be transacted at the banks or by busi
ness firms, or on the Stock Exchange. All the
boards have adjourned over until Friday.
BREADSTUFKS.
The flour market was firm, and there,was some
shipping demand; 10,000 barrels extra State sold
at $0,65, but the trade, as is usual before a close
holiday, operated sparingly. The.whcat market
was firmer but very dull. Corn was fairly active.
The demand was for the trade, and investments.
The firmness in freights checked the export de
mand.
THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY
At a meeting of the Committee of Seventy, last
night, the resignation of Henry G. Stebbins, re
cently appointed Commissioner of Parke, and
General Barlow, chosen State Attorney General,
were accepted. The Hon. Wm. F. Havemeyer
was chosen Chairman, and Jas. W. Brown Vice
Chairman. The following resolutions were
adopted:
Resolwl, That for the purpose of seeming to tbo
people «f this city the substantia! fruits of their
victory iu the recent election over corruption, this
committee propose to use even* lawful effort to secure
et the earliest possible moment the removal of the
present Mayor from the ofllee he now holds.
Recalling the fact that it was he who aided in devis
ingiulnterit's of corruption, the present iniquitous
charter and plot for robbing the treasury of the citv
bythoandlt of false and fraudulent vouchers; lliat ft
was he who filled various responsible offices and de
partments with men who have now been
condemned hr the verdict of the
people; that it was he who. having the sole power of
appointing in iqvectors and ik»11 clerks, filled these
offices generally with Tammany Democrats and Tam
many Republicans, meaning to rob the honest citizens
”——of their suffrages; runl, when an hours 1 man was duly
appointed Deputy Comptroller, used lis whole power
and Influence to prevent him from enteritis upon the
duties of that office, and that he has endeavored at
every step to thwart and defeat the efforts of the
people to discover and punish those who have been
engaged under his auspices in plundering tho City
Treasure; we demand his immediate resignation.
lit* olred. That if the Mavor shall continue to defy
the express trill of the people, and shall persist in re
taining his official position, the Committee on Legisla
tion will be Instructed to prepare and present to the
legislature immediately, on its meeting, an act which
shall be sufficient and effectual to remove him at once
without waiting for the completion of anew charter or
other remedial measures.
CONNOLLY’S BAIL.
The bondsmen were accepted on Mr. Connolly’s
bail bond last night—Philip Smith qualifying in
SIOO,OOO. and Robert Boyd in $200,000. The refusal
of the Sheriff to accept some of the sureties
leaves a balance of $230,000 yet to be raised.
SMALL-POX INCREASING.
Tho tmall-pox is spreading, and the Sanitary
Inspector thinks it likely to become epidemic.
The Health Department have not the requisite
funds to adopt the neccsary preventive measures.
ORDER TOR HALL’S ARREST.
Judge Brady, it appears, granted tho order for
the arrest of Mayor Hall on a similar complaint
to those against Tweed and Connolly. Tho fact
was known at the City Hall during the forenoon,
and Hall soon disappeared, it is supposed to
secure bondsmen and save the annoyance of
remaining in custody on Thanksgiving. The bail
Imndswill be for a million of dollar's, requiring
sureties to justify in two millions.
THE BROKENSAVINGS BANKS.
The Receiver of the Bowling Green Savings
Bank states that the assets are $457,000. and the
liabilities $474,000. If the securities realize t heir
full value tho depositors will receive 95 per cent,
less the necessary expenses. The loans include
$148,000 on personal security without collateral.
The Receiver of tho Guardian Savings Bank
reports that all the depositors will be paid in
lull; the smaller ones at once.
ADVANCE IN FREIGHTS.
The freights west from New York, Boston, and
Philadelphia hare advanced to 93 cents per cwt.
to Cincinnati; Si.ooto Chicago; Sl.lOtoSt. Louis,
and other points proportionately.
BANK FORGERIES.
It is said that forgeries on ibe city banks,
amounting to tioo.coo, hare been rtiscovered smd
traced to one Saroni, who lied to Cuba. Forged
papers arc said to have been passed to a con
siderable extent in Western cities.
THE SCHOOL EXCITEMENT.
New York, Nov. 27. —There was a lull, to-day,
in the Bible war at Hunter’s Point, Tho Lord’s
Prayer was read in school without interruption.
Kate Dennew. expelled as a leader of the dis
turbances. applied for readmisslon, but was re
fused. Some suspended scholars were allowed to
return. Four poiicemeu remain on duty in the
school. The Principal is still subjected to iusult
in the streets, but expresses tho belief that the
Catholics of tbeplace do not generally approve of
the disturbances.
STUBBORN JURORS.
0. UAiUU,,., */I
In tbe case against Smith, Gould Martin,
growing from transactions of “Black Friday,”
tho jury came into court this evening, and the
foreman announced ten in favor of
a verdict for plaintiff, and two were holding
out. He asked the judge to make an inquiry
whether improper inducements were held out to
those two. The Judge sent them back, saying be
would consider the question if they did not agree
on a verdict. The jury were locked up for the
night.
Telegraphic Brevities.
Newton Talbot, the regular Republican eandi
*late for Mayor of Boston, has also received the
nomination of the Citizens’ Committee for Mayor
♦4-Biatpn.
—Judgment been entered in the sequestra
tion case against ex-Cliy Treasurer Marcer, of
Philadelphia, for $478,000, the amouut of his defal
cation.
—E. M. Richardson, artist of the Wheeler ex
pedition, has arrived in Sau Francisco. He con
firms the murder of Loring by the Apachees at
Vicksburg, Arizona.
—The Pacific Hotel and railroad eating-house,
located at the Illinois Central passenger depot,
in Dubuque, wnsenlirely destroyedby fire, at an
earlvhouron Wednesday morning. The furni
ture was mostly saved. The building belonged
to the railroad company. The loss is not very
heavy.
—A verdict of six thousand dollars damages
was rendered vesterday at Clinton, 111., against
Albert H. Gridloy, of Bloomington, in a suit
brought against him by J. W. Hall, also of
Bloomington, for the seduction of the wife of the
latter.
—An Omaha despatch says: Reports from the
West say the snow continues to fall. Trains are
still running with tho help of suow-plowa and
several engines, although mostly behind time.
—A man named Henry Ellis, from Illinois, was
found bythe roadside a short-distance west of
Omaha, yesterday, frozen to death.
•—A rule was, on Tuesday, obtained against the
Mayor ot Cummlnsviile, 0., compelling him to
show why ho should not be sent to jail for diso
beying Judge Murdock’s recent order restraining
him from interfering with the construction of tho
Avenue Railroad in CumminavUie. The Mayor
reused the arrest of live men who were working
on the track, on Monday.
—An unknown man, of the confidence class,
lias been swindling banks throughout Minnesota
by getting forged drafts on the banking firm of
H. Wilson A Co., of Farribault, cashed. He
represents himself as the senior member of tho
firm of H. Wilson A Co., and by stopping a few
days in a place succeeds In getting some citizen
to Identify him at a bank where his draft is cash
ed. He has succeeded in picking up at Little
Rock, Ark.; Rockport, Ind.; Owensboro, Ky.;
Washington City, and Grand Rapids, Mich., about
$3,000.
—Tbo Erie canal was still open at Buffalo last
night, but fears were entertained that it would be
closed by ice before morning. Alargo amount of
grain is ready to be forwarded bythe canal should
mild weather follow the present cold snap.
—Captain Thomas Emerson, President of the
South Reading, Massachusetts. National Bank,
and the oldest bank President in Massachusetts,
died at his residence in Wakefield, Massachusetts,
aged 86.
l The East is experiencing a cold time. A de
spatch from Cas tletou, N. Y. states that the Hud
pod river there is choked with lee from shore to
shore: the wind blowing a gale from tho
vest; the cold increasing hourly, n cl was
that the river close at Castleton lust
Schenectady dispaich says: “The con
tinucs rolrt. It is estimated that six h” 1 ’"™1 loua
cd boats were frozen manil unless VO T l^ l o 1 0^
wanner will have to remain where art au
winter.**
political.
John Quincy Adam* Review* the Situa
tion—Be See* no Hope for the Democ
racy in the IVrxt Presidential Election
—Talks of Military Tyranny, Family
Patronage, Civil War, etc.
St Loris, Nov. 29.—John Quincy Adams, of
Massachusetts, lias written a loiter, which will
appear in the Missouri Republican to-morrow, iu
which he warmly endorses the no-called passive
policy for the Democrats in the next Presi
dential election. In the course of his letter ho
says:
r am satisfied such a course would be wise
and patriotic, and I should he glad to see the De
mocracy concur in such a resolution. I regard
the present administration asa national calamity,
a continuance of which should he arrested at al
most any sacrifice; not because it la Republican
in politics, but because it is mean in character,
sordid in tone, ignorant, corrupt, and arbitrary;
because, more than any wo have
had, it has disappointed tho hopes
and deadened the aspirations of good
men of all parties; because it is doing more to
permanently disunite tho States than tho govern
ment of Jefferson Davis ever did; because its
chief can conceive of no means of free govern
ment hut military forces, and no motive of public
action but private profit. Four years more of
such an education in family patronage and mar
tial law will so blunt tho keon sensibilities of
popular liberty that our popular incubus might
as well remain a fixture.
“Now, I believe that the Democratic party
is powerless alone to relievo. X
think it is without hope of
carrying the next election. I have no doubt tliat,
if the votes of any of tho.Scates lately in reboll
lion, were necessary to elect the Democratic
candidate, they would be thrown ott in counting.
\mcro majority, even if it coul I ho mustered,
will not be permitted to elect a Democrat to be
lb*' next President. Nothing .will then remain
but civil war or submission to a usurper, and it
is difficult to decide which alterifhtivo would in
flict the more irreparable injury upon tho habits
of a free government. The Missouri policy
offers the only reasonable possibility which is of
fered but while I frankly avow my partiality for
the project, I do not ignore tho very serious ob
stacles to its adoption. It must subdue freedom
of party and break tbo bonds of party discipline.
Now there aro few more obstinate passions than
the sentimental devotion which mon offer to that
vague abstraction—party-glory—ami uot many of
tbo creeds of theology are as despotic as a plat
form. It will be a difiicnlt task
to bring a party yet glowing
with the recollection of the mighty past, and but
now burning with tho anticipations of a great fu
ture, to yield the head of the column and the
command of the field to allies who were yester
day enemies. Nor is there any strong guarantee
that these allies will not flinch at the last. Party
leaders are seldom famous fotthe highmoral cour
age which can abide unshaken tho stern pressure
tliat forbids the rupture of party lies; but if they
dare fling down tho gauntlet for a
duel to the death with tho
President, it might be possible for tho Democracy
to rise to the height where the humiliation of
the partisan is lost in the satisfaction of the
patriot. But it is charged that tho sacrifice will
be min, or worse, will surrender tho whole
scheme of Democratic Üborty, bare and bound,
to its enemies. Ido not so forbudo tho event. I
cannot believe that the protest against a dictato
rial government can bo weakened by joining a
band which deserts because it is hostile to
civil liberty. Will the enemies of corruption in
office disband because they unite with usl They
have sickened and turned away from
the sight of corruption. Can friends of the con
stitution preserve and protect more strenously
by refusing to hold up their hands, who have for
saken their own friends rather than dofaco it
further! It seems to me, on the contrary, that
tho strength of tho support which this movement
would bring to the rescue of the prin
ciples of Democracy would be in exact proportion
to the severity of the blows to the pride of the
Democratic party, for these principles must be
dear indeed to men who can abandon for them an
ancient and honored name, and uot less precious
to those who daro to follow them oven through
Uie scorn, contempt, and obloquy which await
--political treason.”
THE NOVEMBER METEORS.
Whnt Observations of Three Years Indicate.
Hie observations of the past three years indi
cate that it will be necessary for astronomers to
slightly change their theory with regard to the
origin of tho November meteors. It has usually
been supposed that the stream of meteoric mat
ter, the orbit of which is crossed by tho earth in
November, consists of a belt that only fills a por
tion of tho orbit,say about 10,000,000,000 miles,which
occupies five or six years in passing the earth’s
course, and that the other part of its orbit is a
comparative blank. It was thought that tho tail
end of* this belt left earth regions on
1860, and that tho head of tho stream would not
come round to ns till about the year 1891, leaving
us without a November display of any conse
quence fora little more than a quarter of a cen
tury. But. contrary to expectation, tho observ
ations of recent years show that we have not
yet got rid of this visitation, though its character
has remarkably changed. It is now supposed
that vlhe portion passed through in 188G was
small and compact, giving a great number of
meteors in a very snort time; that tho earth
now crosses a portion which is more widely
diffused, and that the stream may be compared
to a jet of water, that widens with the distance
from the orifice out of which it flows.
It bus now been known for some years that one
of the comets forms a part of the stream that fur
nishes the November meteors. The observations
of tbo past two or three years may yet lead ns to
conclude that the whole of the stream is Identical
with the solid forma of cometury matter, and has
at least three distinct tails. In the light of our
present knowledge, it would seem that the com
ets which consist principally of aggregations of
gas are visible to us when they come near our
earth, but that when composed of solid particles
they are invisible. If we accept the nebular
theory of creation, we must infer mat all comets
exist llrst in a state of vapor or gas, and gradu
ally cool down to the point where they consist of
widely sundered solid particles. We must then
conclude that the November stream was once
gaseous, and was visible to the Inhabitants of the
earth for several months in eachof many consecu
tive years. A portion of It would seen: to have
been more tardy in cooling down than the rest,
and is still visible as a cometary object when it
comes near the earth.
Webster’s Unabridged.
The Tribune office gratefully acknowledges tho
reception of two noble volumes of Webster’s
Unabridged Dictionary from tho publishers,
Mosers. J. C. Mcrriam. of Sprlngticld, Mass.,
through the agency of William (J. Holmes, No.
194 West Madison street. Rightly premising that
our outfit of dictionaries shared the fate of all
Eerishnblc things in the great fire, the publishers
avc made a most welcome donation, and we can
only suggest that, as Mr. Holmes is in receipt of a
large consignment of Webster’s Unabridged, tho
opportunity is favorable for replacing such of
those invaluable volumes as were lost by the lire.
Bead’s Temple of Music.
We notice with pleasure that this old and pros
porous house has successfully stood the shock of
the great lire, and Is still with us. having located
at No. 81 Sixteenth street, near Wabash avenue.
Their present apartments are fully equal in size
to any west of New York, and with a stock of
pianos, among others those of the justly celebra
ted Chickcring, which fills those spacious rooms,
Chicago can, as usual, boast of not being behind
any of her neighbors, at least so far »s pianos are
concerned. Wc congratulate the Messrs. Reed
upon so favorable prospects.
Dramatic Sufferers’ Belief Fond.
Miss Maggie Mitchell, immediately on learn
ing the news of the calamity, sent her check for
SSOO to James Gordon Bennett, Esq., of the New
York Herald, for the relief of the dramatic suf
ferers. It has just been received and all pro
fessionals arc requested to make known their
whereabouts immediately to T. Chas. Howard,
Globe Theatre.
Grand Opening ‘W'eek.l
Removal of Wm. M. Mayo’s elegant jewelry
store to Twenty-second street, corner of Wabash
avenue, where wo will bo happy to meet our old
friends again with a stock of jewelry and silver
ware, unsurpassed by any in the city both In
elegance, durability and price; also, we have im-
Sorted from Berlin a choice collodion of artificial
owers and bouquets which wc are offering at
very low rates.
Merchants and Bankers.
We observe that,in addition to his noble vaults,
-which passed through the late fire unscathed,
new and capacious vaults have been built by the
owner of the Fidelity Safe Depository, for the
temporary or-permanent storage of Bankers* and
Merchants* safes, accessible from 9 a. m. 'to i
p. m.
Oat of the Fire!
Our little paper, the Pictorial Advertiser, is
ready for orders: everything new. A splendid
number; full of cuts to “hit” your business ex
actly. Apparently published by you in your own
town. The best advertising medium in the
world. New cuts got up for holiday advertising.
Merchants send for sample to Pictorial Advertis
ing Company, No. 13 North Jefferson street, Chi
cago.
Imperial Parlors,
new location, No. 564 Wabash avenue, near
Twelfth street. Our lady friends will find our
new parlors the finest ever in Chicago. No ex
pense or pains have been spared, and weean safe
ly say we were never in a better condition to meet
tbo wants of our friends. Gents will always find
a first-class hotel taine at 60 cents per meal.
Oysters and Fish.
H. M. Curtis, No. 107 East Twelfth street, says
he is the only man in the business who has a sup
ply of fresh-caught lake whiteflah and trout for
all trade this week. Ho also sells the best can
oysters in the market, and will fill all orders at
lowest market prices. Bend in your orders if you
want them filled promptly and satisfactorily.
Personal.
T. G. Cusack, formerly at W. J. Ralph’s harncs 5
shop, on State street, will be pleased to see his
friends at No. 232 Michigan avenue, with Hardy
A Short.
Illinois and Bllchigan Ganal.
Canal Office, Chicago. Nov. 29.—Cleared—
Nothing.
Aerived—Henrietta Walker, Lemont, 85 yds
stone; J. A. Wells, Lemont, 51 yds stone J. W.
McGenuiss, Lemont, 60 yds stone R. E. Goodoll,
Ottawa, 6,800 bu corn.
Canal Office, Chicago, Nov. 29—9 p, m-
Cleared—Eclipse, Lemont.
Arrived—Planet, Lemont, C 6 yds stone.
Vessels Passed Detroit.
Detroit, Nov. 29.—Passed Down—Props Hurd,
Cuyahoga, Lawrence; schrs Kingfisher, Gorritt
Smith, Merrick, Nevada, Breed.
Passed Ur—Prop Comet; schrs Morning Light,
Prince Alfred, Truman Moss.
Wind—Northeast.
THE CHICAGO TRIBWEf; THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 18T1.
THE RELIEF WORK;
Circular from 0. C. Gibbs—Report of
the District Superinteadents.
Iddilioaal list of Shslng Persons—The
Good Samaritan Society-Dra
matic Relief.
Families receiving aid from any district oflice of
the Chicago Relief and Aid Society, and whoso
record is complete upon the books of the society,
may make tbeir applications for such supplies as
they may need from time to‘time, by letter, ad
dressed to the Superintendent of the District, in
stead of applying in person. The Suporlntend
cut will give such cases prompt attention, and
send the needed supplies direct to the famllj’.
Families who have not yet applied for aid, but
who find themselves compelled to do so, may
make their applications in the manner above in
dicated. These applications must bo made to the
district oflice Instead of the undersigned at
Standard Hall, These otlices are located as fol
lows
Tu tho North Division, north of North avenue,
at the intersection of North Clark and Wells
streets.
South of North avenue, at the corner of Sedg
wick and Division streets. Applications maybe
addressed to L. T. Chamberlain, Superintendent.
In tho West Division, north of Klnzlo street.
Applications should be addressed to F. M, Rock
well, Superintendent, corner of Morgan and In
diana streets.
In tho West Division, between Klnzie and
Twelfth streets—address E. F. Williams, Super
intendent, corner of Madison audThroop streets.
In the West Division, south of Twelfth street
address T. T. Prosser, Superintendent, corner
Wright street and Newberry avenue.
In the South Division—address T. C. Kill, Su
perintendent, Twenty-second street, corner
Wentworth »venue.|
All persons who think they have been treated
witb incivility, rudeness, or neglect by any per
son connected with any district oflice of tnc so
ciety, are requested to report at once to tho Bu
penntendent of tho district, stating the offence
and pointing out to him tho offender. In a few
days each visitor ef the society will be furnished
with a badge, on which is his number, and by
which, if guilty of any iiuprox>riety of conduct,
he can be identified.
As a rule, all causes of complaint can bo bettor
and more quickly remedied by the Superintend
ent of the district, if rex»orted directly to him,
than if reported to headquarters. Should tho
District Superintendent rail m satisfying the
complaining party, the case may be reported to
tho undersigned at headquarters.
O. C. Ginns, Gen. Sapt.
aid furnished.
Tho District Superintendents report as follows
Number of families aided November IS 3,692
Number of families additional for the week end-
ing November 25.
Total 1,076
Number of families discontinued during tho
week ending November 25 720
Leaving number of families aided November 25, 3,356
SECOND DISTRICT-
Number of families aided November 18 2,450
Number of families additional forlhe week end
ing November 25 511
Number of‘families d*Lscimtiuued during ibe
week ending November 25
Leaving number of families aided November 25.. 2.826
TimiD DISTRICT.
Number of families* aided Novemlwsr IS 3,588
Number of families additional for weuk ending
November 25 166
Total 3.734
Number of families discontinued during the week
ending Novcmbcr2s 210
Leaving number of families aided Nor. 25.
Roman DISTRICT.
Number of families aided November IS 2,017
Number of families additional tor the weekend
ing November 23 150
Total 2.193
Number of families discontinued during the
week ending N orember 23 112
leavlngaumber of families aided Nov. 23.
FIVTH nwntllT.
Number of families aided November 13 2,073
Number of families additional for tho week end
ing November2s 4to
Total
Number of families lUHCimtimual during the week
ending November 23
Leaving number of families aided November 23..*L254
SIXTH aiSTIUCT.
Number of families aided at date, November 23.. 305
Total number aided in all districts November 23,
1-1,332.
ItAIIRArKS.
In Washington Park barracks
In Madison street barracks
In Harrison street and Centre avenue barracks.
In Clybourue avenue barracks
Total
Grand total of families aided November 23.13,122.
ADDITIONAL LIST OF LOST OR MtSSfNC.
Rolla Osborne Coleman, formerly m tho employ
of Mr. Lomax, No. 1C Charles place, Is anxiously
inquired after by hia brother. W. O. Coleman, No.
280 Milo End road, Loudon, England.
Miss Caroline Gilson, formerly a dressmaker at
No. 170 South Clark street, Is anxiously inquired
after and offered a home in the family of Edwin
A. Strow, Debt van, Wis.
Betsey A. Holmes and Lucinda Scott, who re
sided on Clinton street, are anxiously inquired
after by their brother. James Nichols, of Pitts
burgh, bhiawassie County, Mich.
Louis Schick, formerly oLAlennimrecttSchitik's
liookstore. No. 116 Madloon street, is
after vl bin nrotlier, 1-Tltr. Bchlclt, care of iirJX.
Marx, Hofbuchhandlung, Baden-Baden, Ger
many.
Mr. Thomas Reardon is inquired after by
Joseph Bates, Box 391 Allegan, Allegan County,
Michigan.
<j. B. Stacey, formerly upholsterer at No. 81 Mar
ket street, is anxiously inquired after by his
sister, Mrs. S. A. Watson, of No. 4 Brighton Ter
race, Bishop road, Victoria Park, London, Eng
land.
.Tomes and i Eleanor Hurling and family arc
anxiously Inquired alter by John Cooke, of Ko.
34 Albion road, Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, Eng
land.
Hugo Richter, formerly with Mr. Alexander,
No. cs Randolph street, is anxiously inquired af
ter br his father, F. Richter, No. 75 Old Jacob
street, Berlin, Prussia.
John O’Brien, who kept a livery stable at No.
M Illinois street, is inquired after by James
Bowen, Taunton, Mass.
Mrs. Sarah Jane Williams and her family, for
merly of No. 529 North Franklin street, is in
quired after by her sister, Mrs.jClarke, No. 1 Tur
lington Villa, Bulwer road, Now Barnet, Hert
fordshire, England.
Mr. Rudolph Beistcr, a draughtsman in the
Rock Island Railway Company, is anxiously in
quired for by bis sister-in-law, Theieso Ahlborn,
of Manor House, Aylesbury, England.
fiCharlcs W. Smith is inquired for by his sister,
Annie M. Smith, Athene, Athens County, Ohio.
THE COOl) SAMARITANS.
The Chicago Good Samaritan Society, whose
special object is to aid those often tho most needy
—who may hesitate to apply to the General Relief
and Aid Society—has, in a quiet way, been doing
a most effective work.
Among the better classes, many cases of almost
absolute destitution are reported daily. These
cases are thoroughly investigated, and, when
round deserving, are afforded Immediate relief.
Already 337 families have been aided by this soci
ety.
Complete records are kept by tbe society of all
moneys and stores received and given out, but as
much as possible the “red tape” system of dis
tribution is dispensed with.
It is hoped that good and charitable people
throughout the country will be unremitting in
their efforts to send us supplies from time to time
during the coming winter.
AH contributions sent to Mrs. Wm. B. Egan,
No. 2CB West Van Buren street, will be promptly
acknowledged. By order of society,
Mrs. John C. Haines, President.
Mrs. M. D. Temti.e, Secretary.
REAL ESTATE.
Instruments Filed for Bccord on Tuesday,
November 2S.
CITY PROPERTY.
North avenue, 50 ft w of Orchard st, s £23x125 ft,
dated June 21. 1868 consideration, $1,500.
West Harrison st. s w corner of Campbell av.
u f 25x124 ft, dated Nov. 27,; consideration,
S4OO.
Lots l to sof Kcdzic’s Lots, 1 to 5 in Block 27,
Sec, 7,89,14. dated Nov. 9 consideration $15,000.
West Madison st, 75 it eof Peoria st, s t, 24x110
ft, dated Nov. 10; cousideratian, SIO,OOO.
Lot 4in Block 20 of Rogers, s Wl-4 see. ,4 8914,
being on Oak st between Townsend and Sedg
wick sts,dated Nov. 28; consideration, $1,400.
Lot 34 of Block lof Hubbard's Lot 14, in Block
24, Sec. 29,39,14, dated Sept. 21; consideration,
$525.
Lot 68 in Doggett’s Block 14, Sec. 7,39,14, dated
March 6 consideration, S7OO.
Harhineet, 144 ft w of Robey at, s f, 24x121 ft,
dated Nov. 23 consideration, S4OO.
Lots 4,3, and 6, in re-subdivision of Lota 17 to
30, in n 1-2 Block 41 of w 1-2 Sec. 17,39,14, being on
Ashland nv, between Harrison and Polk sts, dated
Oct. 26 consideration, 922,600.
Sampson st, between Lailin and Loomis sta, n
f, 48x125 ft, dated Oct. 25 consideration, $6,000.
THE CITY IN BRIEF.
Aid for Pcshtigo*
Rev. Fathcr-Peruin, of Pcshtigo, has started on
an errand of Eberoy throughoutthe country in be
half of his fellow sufferers in that stricken re
gion. He had succeeded in chnrohes
and a schoolhouse in the lumber district,but
tbo fire swept them all away, and his pres,
ent mission is to procure aid with which to
rebuild at least one of the churches, and means
by which to send Bisters of Mercy to relieve the
Buffering people. Ho has letters, In Latin, and
English, from Rt. Rev. Joseph Melcher, Catholic
Bishop of the diocese of Green Bay, and two
from Hen. Wm. B. Ogden of Chicago, who warm
ly commends Father Peruin as a worthy man,
and invokes kindness and favor in behalf of his
appeals. He is now in Indianapolis, and contem
plates visiting Bt. Louis, Now Orleans, and Inter
mediate cities.
A Persevering Suitor.
The Kansas City Times of the 2Cth iust. nar
rates how two elegantly-dressed and beautiful
young ladies” applied to Justice Kauson, of that
city, for protection from toe importunities and
persecutions of a man who had followed them
thither irom Chicago. The individual was a dis
appointed aspirant for the heart and hand of
one of tho young ladies, but had pesn repelled on
account of dissolute habits. He refused to “have
It that way,” and continued to force his atten
tions upon tho pair, at last threatening to “cut
their hearts out,” if they persisted in their be
havior. This impelled tho damsels to seek the
law’s protection, and a warrant was issued for
his arrest. No names are given.
miscellaneous.
The Board of Public Works, yesterday, awarded
to O. B. Green the contract for constructing the
•substructure of Rush street bridge. The price to
be paid is $5,660. Tho various offices of tho Board
of Public Works will be closed to-dny.
—On the night of the great fire two carrier
pigeons, the prized property of Miss Linda Gil
bert, were released from the prison library room,
in the east wing of tho City Hall, and flew away.
Tho birds were ashes of rose color, with black
collars. If anyone knows of their whereabouts,
and will return them to this office, ho will receive
the thanks of Miss Gilbert, and a very llbara
reward.
—At tho Annual Convocation of the Halted He
brew Relief Association, held on ttic 27tU hist.,
the following otllecrs were elected for the ensu
ingyear: President—Abraham Karr; Vice Presi
dent— Henry Grcencluum; Recording .Secreta
ry—Philip Stein; Financial Secretary—Chas Hot.-
miusky; Treasurer—Nelson Morris; Trustees—
Gifetavus £licl« B. 11. Seligmau, Reuben Rubel,
M. M. Gor&tlcy.
—John Lord, the eminent historian of Boston,
is announced as the next lecturer of the Star
Course. In addition to hia lecture on “Savona
rola,” which is said to call out his best oratorical
powers, he has been engaged for a special lecture
for the West Bide patrons of the Star Course to
bo delivered-next Tuesday lu tho Union Park
Congregational Church. "Abelard and Eloiso, a
Story of Love,” is tho subject announced, and as
there are always plenty of lovers,” there will
be no lack of attendants upon the lecture, ns they
will all ho anxious to know how to do It.”
THE LAW COURTS.
Argument in the Woman Suf
frage Case——Trials iu the
Criminal Court.
Superior Court.
WOMAN’S SUFFRAGE MATTERS.
The case of tho People, at tho relation of Gather,
iue V. Waite, against the inspectors of election of
tho First Precinct of Hyde Park, came up before
Chief Justice Jameson of tho Superior Court, for
argument yesterday. This is a proceeding by
mandamus to; compel tho insx>ectorß of election
as a Board of Registry, to inscribe tho name <jf
Mrs. Waite, who claims to be a citizen of the
UnitcdStatos, and of tho State, and a freeholder
In and a resident of tho voting precinct, and oa
litlcd to vote upon tho books of registry. An al
ternative writ,issued almostasanoattcrof course,
returnable on Monday List. Instead of making
a return, tho inspectors then filed a general de
murrer to tho writ, by which to raise, us tho first
auestion, whether the proper parties were made
efeudant, the position being taken that tho In
spectors wore but ox-olllcio u Board of Registry
and that when they made their report, andxs
-It under oath, their oflice id. regh%Jj*s
was completed, and their duties ended, for wlrCßfi
roasou they could not now'cumc into entoFnamea
uiK)U books not within their control. The ease
was argued to tho extent of over two hours. Tho
relator's counsel also took time to prepare and
file a brief. Meanwhile tbo result Is in tho mind
of tho Judge.
Circuit Court.
UNITED STATES DIVIDEND TAX.
Two suits were brought agalnsttho Collector of
Internal Revenue (Herman Raster) to restrain
the collection bv him of tbo United States tax
upon dividends of the companies declared and
imyablo on tho first day of August, 1870. Tbo
complainants in these bills are the Chicago
Northwestern Railway Company, and tho Illi
nois Central Railroad Company. Tho hills pro
ceed upon the ground that the act of July 14,
1870. repealed the tax upon dividends, and has
been enforced during five months, by reason of
tho fact that there was no oluuse of
reservation in the act as to amounts heretofore
claimed to be due under tho act of August, 1870.
TRESPASS.
An action of trespass was commenced by
Zodiach Goldsmith against Thomas Welsh, in
which tho damages are laid at $5,000.
CASE.
An action on the case was instituted Jby James
Manners against Clara Thlcrson. Plaintiff
charges the defendant with having slandered him
by calling him a swindler. Ho claims $3,000 dam
ages.
ASSUMPSIT.
Actions of assumpsit were commenced as fol
lows:
—John A. Hamlin v. William H. Young; de
mand, $1,500.
—Gorman National Bank t. Jacob L. Smith;
demand, SI,OOO. i
Criminal Court.
TEN YEARS. j
Daniel Tearucy was tried by a jury and con
victed of the larceny of $16.50 from one George
Stupp. ills sentence was fixed at tenyeura ia the
Penitentiary.
NOT GUILTY.
Julia McCarthy was acquitted upon a charge of
larceny. It was alleged against her that she bad
been a party to the saealingof some riobons trom
the store of J. B. Sbay. Two other girls worn in
dicted with her. They pleaded guilty, and testi
fied to tho innocence of the prisoner. Thii evi
dence in the case was so far wanting time the
Court instructed thq jury to find her not guilty.
CORRECTING thb JURY’S ERROR. I
Lawrence Marshall was tried a few days tluce,
and convicted of larceny of a trunk ana iti con
tents. It appeared upon the trial that tho prop
erty was taken charge of from the lire; no con
cealment of its possession was made: but, owing
to some curt remarks made by one of the claim
ants, prisoner refused to deliver possession. The
Court considered tho conviction to be unwar
ranted, and, therefore, granted a new trial.
MISCHIEF.
Frederick Thai was convicted under an indict
ment charging him with malicious mischief, the
breaking of a plate-glass window of the store of
Schlueger, a druggist on South Hnlsted street.
Ho was remanded to receive sentence on Satur
day.
THANKSGIVING.
Prospect* of an Enjoyable Day—Programme of
Church Services—St. Andrews Banquet—
Theatre Matinees—The Mnce-Cobnni Jill! at
New Orleans.
The prospects of an enjoyable day to-day,
wherein to remember only our blessings, fc and bo
for a trw boure, oblivions ot our misrortohca. are
good.
For all the snow has come in time to give us
excellent sleighing, and, if there is not -venison
enough in the market, it will not bo because
there has been no sleighing of the dears.
The St. Andrew’s Society will hold their regu.
lar annual banquet at the Briggs House, and
celebrate the occasion with becoming hilarity.
Religious services will be held in tne following
churches:
The Rev. W. A. Bartlett will preach at 10 o,deck
m Plymouth Church, corner of Wabash avenue
and Eldridge court.
There will be appropriate services at the Union
Park Congregational Church, at 10:30 o’clock, the
Rev. C. D. Ilelmer officiating.
The union services of the Third Presbyterian
trad First Congregational Churches will be held
In the Third Presbyterian Church, comer of
West Washington and Carpenter streets, at 11
o’clock.
Appropriate services will bo held in the Chris
tian Church, corner of Twcuth-tlftil street and In
diana avenue, the Rev. O. A. Burgess preaching
the sermon.
A union meeting of the different churclcs of
the West Division will beheld at the Second Bap
tist Church at 11 o’clock.
Thanksgiving services will be held in the Cen
tenary Church, comer of Morgan and Monroe
girectfl. The pastor will preach the Thanksgiving
sermon.
Thanksgiving services will be held in Saint
Mark's Episcopal Church, Cottage Grove, at 11
o'clock.
Dr. Ryder will hold Thanksgiving service at
11 o’clock a. m., in the Jewish Synagogue, corner
Wabash avenue and Peck court. Members of the
society are reminded that the hymn-books in St.
Paul's were all destroyed,and they are requested
to bring any they have at homo.
The warm piety of our citizens and their
method of celebrating Thanksgiving Day shows
up our Puritanic descent. New Orleans cakes
another course. She will celebrate the day with
the long-looked for, oft-avoided prizo-ligtt be
tween Maeo and Coburn. She has already much to
be thankful for. hut, if the two gentlemen in
question will effectually chaw ono another up.
New Orleans will be regarded with especial favor
by her sympathetic sister cities. Mace says: I
am well and in good health, and confident of suc
cess.”
Matinees at all the theatres.
In order to give the attaches of The Triiutke a
fair chance to enjoy a holiday, no paper will be
published to-morrow.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
JF. Parsons, Dispensing Chemist and Per
fumer, has re-opened at 684 Wabash avenue, with
an entirely new stock of fine Toilet Articles,
Drugs, Perfumes, Eau do Cologne, &c., Ac. Pre
scription book saved from the fire.
Corns, Bunions, Nalls, Extracted
without pain by Dr. Kenison. Chiro
podist, at 853 Wabash avenue, corner Eighteenth
street, formerly 119 and 118 Clark street.
ITnzard CanrclPi Cod Diver Oil is
tlio purest, sweetest, and best in the world.
Physicians bavo decided it superior to any other
Cod Liver Oil in the market. Patients who have
once taken it can-take no other.
E«Il Rfreum cvred by n&Jag Jatt'pcr Tat
Boap, manufactured by Caswell, Hazard Co..*
Now York.
A Denier nays iVc believe Dr. Price’s
Cream Baking Powder and Special Flavorings
good and pure, but we sell that which gives ua
tho best profit—cheap adulterated goods do that
—pure articles must have a fair valuation.
To dress artificial hair Barnett’s Coco
nine excels, promotes a luxuriant growth of
natural hair, and kills dandruff.
MARKETS BY TELEGRAPH.
IVew York Financial News.
New Yobk, Nov. 29.—-To-morrow will be ob
served ns a close holiday and all business be sus
pended.
Gold dull and lower. Washington telegrams in
reference to tho movement of the fleet to Cuban
waters failed to arrest the downward tendency.’
Tho closing rate was 110 3-Baliol-2. Bids for gov
ernment gold amounted to $4,095,000, from no to
110 40-100. The awards were $1,000,000, from 110
38-100 to 110 40-100. The Assistant Treasurer here
has paid to-day $4 000,000 in gold checks, issued at
Washington, for 6-20 aof *fi2 redeemed. Exports
to-day, |312,500.
Governments have been heavy and lower, in
sympathy with gold, but closed with moro firm
ness.
Stocks wore dull and steady at the opening.
In the afternoon the market was strong and
higher. The dealings were small, but well dis
tributed. Tho advance was most marked in
Lake Shore, Ohio, New York Central, and Rook
Island. Many.of the brokers and speculators
left tho street at an early hour,
Tho money market was very easy this after
noon at 5 to C per cent on call, and lenders were
anxious to loan balances in order to make the two
days* interest.
State bonds dull and unchanged.
Sterling exchange ami bankers’ bills, 109.
Governments;
Coups, *Bl .1171-3 Coups, *67 .1143-8
Coups, *62 til Coops, ’63 ill 3-9
COUPS, 110 7-S 10-403 109 1-2
Conns, C 5 11l 1-8 CurrencyCs U3
New... .1131-3
State bonds;
Missouri -97 Virginia, old 631-2
Tennessee, old Ctf N. Carolina, old 3» 5-3
Tennessee, now 651-4 N. Carolina, new.... 13
Virginia, new.. .C 3
Stocks dosed:
Canton 691-2 R. I 1013-1
Western Union 671-2 N.J. C UOl-2
Quicksilver. 25 m SC. Paul 65
Adams Express £6 1-3 Doptd..... 73 3-3
Wells <fc Fargo 87 Wabash. 641-3
American 5914 Do pfd 91
United Btfltes 531-4 Fort Wayne 96
Pacific Mail 46 3-t Terre Haute 13
New York Central.. KR-s Do pfd....... 50
N. Y. Central Scrip. 87 1-2 Chicago A1t0n....m
Erie 803-3 Dopfd 128
Erie pfd M O. M.. 42 1..
Harlem lie C., C. A C-
Beading. 113 1-2 C.. B. i Q-- l'-£
inch, cent 117 Cuempacitic M
Pittsburgh 121 L. V. bonds. 91
iNcrthwoatoiu 61 Central bonds IW
■Do pfd. 89 1-2
Foreign Market*,
I London, Nov. 29, 4:30 n. m.—Consols. 93 3-3
United States 5-20s 0f’62,921-4: do of ’65. 921-2;
,do of *C7,94 7-8; 10-403,901-4. Turpentine, 435.
1 Paris, Not. 29.—Rentes, 5Cf loc.
■Liverpool, Nov. 29. Evening.—Cotton easy;
middling uplands. 9 5-Ba9 3-4 d; middling Orleans.
9 7-sulO. Soles: 12,000 boles; sx>eculation and ex
port, 2.0C0 bales.
Rect winter wheat, lls Bd. Flour, 23a295. Corn,
32s Cd. Cheese, 60s. Cumberland middles, 375.
Tullow, 17s Cd.
Antwerp, Nov. 29.—Refined petroleum, 461-2.
New Vork Dry Goods Market,
New York, Nov. 29.—There is no particular
change to observe iu the features of the market.
The demand is limited, being confined to the
urgent wants of the trade, while the x>rlces of all
staple fabrics rule quite uniform. Wo quote:
Cabot, A. A Pacific extra brownsheetlngs, 12 l-2c;
Dwight Z, 12e do Y, 11c do X, 10c Agawam F
do, 11c; Broadway do, 11 l-2c: Mass. J do,
loc; Mystic River do, 11 l-2c; HM Allendale
sheetings, 32 l-2c; 42-iucU Waltham
bleached do, ICc; fi-i do, 25c; 8-4 do,
30o; 9-4 do, 35c; 10-4 do, 40c; White Rock muslins,
ICc; Tuscarora do, 18c; Wamsntta do, 20c; Glou
cester ginghams. 10 l-2allc for passe and new
stylos; 13c for Glasgow ginghams; 15c for Lan
caster; nnd Amoskeag do; 11 l-2c for Ameri
can fancy prints; 11 l-2c for green and orange do;
11 l-2c for pink chocks do He for Sprague's shirt
ings; 200 for new stylos delaines; and 80c for
best imported spool cotton thread.
Bnflfalo Live -Stock Market.
Buffalo, Nov. 29.—Cattle—Receipts, 1,731, mak
ing the supply 3,723, or 221 cars against 294 for
last week.. Market steady, and yesterday’s de
cline recovered. Holders firm, and asking higher
prices. Sales of 229 Ohio steers, 1,167 to 1,399 lbs
at $4.?5n5.75; 71 Illinois. 1,442 lbs, at $5.40; 223 In
diana, 1,200 to 1,611 lbs, at $4.50a5.73.
Sheep and lambs—Receipts. 3,000; market
steady; xirices l-4c better for Western; Canadas
unchanged; sales, 1.131 Michigan sheep, 74 to 85
lbs, $9.87 1-2U4.25; 270 Ohios, 90 to 98 lbs. 4.5001.70:
361 Canada sheep, 116 to 134 lbs, $5.00a5.25; 293
CbCjida lambs. 82 to 94 lbs. $5.75ac.25.
Hous—Receipts, 2.600; market quiet; prices 10
l»er cent better; sales at $4;00a,4.37 1-2 for medium
to choice.
Kansas City Lire Slock Market.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Kansas City, Nov. 29.—Cattle—Received, 319
head; shipped to Chicago, 3 cars—lCl head: to St.
Louis.7 cars—l 76 bead; driven out, 17 head: sold,
66 good Cherokecs, average 930 ibs,* $22.00 x’or
head.
Hogs—Received at yards, 1,573 head; by pack
ing bonses, :i,132 head; slaughtered, 3,630 head.
Quotations, $3.60 to 83.75.
Total cattle receipts for tho week ending to
night, 5,884 head; total shipments, 4,138 head;
total sales. 979 head. Total hogs in same time re
ceived at packinghouses, 9.625 head; killed by
them iu same time, 9,239 head.
Tfae Produce Markets*
NEW YORK.
New York, Nov. 29.—Cotton—Dull; holders
anxious to realize; middling upland, 190.
BreADBTUFFB—FIour steady, moderate de
mand; receipts, 1,400 brls. Superfine Western and
State. $5.70aG.00; common to good, $6.10; good to
choice, $6.50a7.00; white wheat extra, $7.00a7.20;
extra Ohio, $6.60a7.00; St. Louis, $6.C0a9.25.
Wheat better; fair demand; receipts, 106,000 bu;
winter red Western, $1.57a1.61; amber, $1.C3a1.65;
white, $1.65a1.70; No. 3 Chicago spring', $1.43; No.
2, $1.49u1.50. Rye firm: fair demand; 890-44 c
44c to 90c asked for Western. Barley active;
Lake shore, $1.00; Canada East in store, $1.07 1-2;
Canada West in store, $1.25. Mult quiet. Com
firmer; receipts,76,ooobu Western mixed afloat
at 78 l-20, buyers; 79c, sellers. Oats firm and iu
fair demand; receipts, 91,000 hu; Western and
Ohio, 53 1-2054 C.
Hat—Steady nnd unchanged.
Leather—Steady at 26a29c; Orinoco, 24a27 l-2c.
Wool—Finn; extra Ohio, C2uC3 l-2c; xmlled,
59a GOc; unwashed. 50c.
Groceries— Cofteo firm; sugars quiet; mo
lasses dull: rice Arm.
Petroleum—Firm; mule, 12 l-4a12 l-2c; re
fined, 21 3-4 c.
Turpentine—Dull at C5a65 i-2c.
Provisions— Pork tinner; mess, f13.25a13.a0
for January; 314.50 for March, Beef—Cut meats
unchanged. Middles firmer; long clear, 7 3-4 c;
short,7 7-8a8o; short ribs, 7 l-2a7 7-Bc. Lard firm;
No. Ito prime steam, 9u9 f-8c; prime kettle ren
dered, 9 :i-4c; December, 9 0-8 c; January, 9 5-8 a
9 S-4c; February, 9 3-to; March, 100.
Butter and Cheese— Unchanged.
Metals— Manufactured copper linn; Ingot,
lake, firmer at 25c cash; bail better at 22 7-8 c;
American, 34a37c. Refined English and Ameri
can bar firm at 82 l-2afsc. Russia sheet scarce at
17 l-2ulßo gold.
Naha—Firm; cut,s4.9o; clinch, 5G.15a6.75.
Horseshoe—l9o33c.
NEW ORLEANS.
New Orleans, Nov. 20.—Breadstuff's—Flour,
lower grades scarce; iu demand for Cuba; super
line, 1C.60; double extra, 37.35; treble extra, $7.50
a7.C21-2. Com scarce; now yellow, on landing,
73c; old white In store, 78c. Oats firmer; 53a54c.
Bran—supply fair; fi.30a1.32. Hay scarce but
firm; choice, $40.00.
Provisions— Pork firmer; H4.75a15.00. Bacon
firm; shoulders, 7 3-4 c; sides, Be; sugar-cured
hams, lialCc. Lard dull and easier; tierce, 9a
9 l-2c: keg, lOalo He.
Groceries—Sugar firmer; inferior, saCc; com
mon to good, G l-2a7 l-2e; fair to fully fair,
7 3-4a9 l-2c; prime, 9 3-4aloc. Molasses
firm; inferior,2oa2sc; common, 2fla.*isc; prime, 42
a43c; strictly prime to choice, 44a47c.
Whiskey and Coffee—Unchanged.
Monetary—Sterling,2ol-8; sight, 1-1 discount;
gold, no 7-8.
OoTtoH—Sullaad unolwog«J t wdlcs, 4,000 bales
good ordinary at 17 l-2a17 3*40; low middling,
17 7-Balß l-4c; middling, 18 3-Halß 1-2; receipts,
0,007 bales, exports, 0,785 bales; stock, 123,538
bales.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee, Nov. 29.— Breadstutfs —Flour
dull ami nominal. Wheat firm: No. 1, $1.21; No.
3. $1,191-2. Oats steady; moderate demand; No.
2, 32c. Corn lirm; fair demand No. 2,41 c. Rye
quiet nud unchanged; No. 1, C2c. Barley steady;
moderate demand; No. 2, 58c.
Hoes—Firm and in fair demand at $3.75a4.12 1-2.
Receipts—l,ooo brls flour; 17,000 bu wheat.
Shipments—3,ooobrls flour; is.ooo bu wheat.
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Nov. 29.— Bread stuffs— Flour steady;
moderate demand. Wheat better: fair demand:
la2c higher: No. 3 white Wabash. 91.30; No. 1
white Michigan, 91.40; amber Michigan. 91.41 a
1.42; N0.2rcd,91.33&i.331-2; rejected,sl.l6. Com
dull nud a shade lower: new high mixed. 49a
49 l-2c; new low mixed, 48 l-2c, no grade, 47c. Oats
a shade better; No. 1, 39c; No. 2, 371-4a37 1-2;
Michigan. 44 i-2e.
Hogs—Steady at $4.37 1-2.
Freights— To Buffalo, nominal: no charters.
Receipts— Flour, coo brls; wheat, 0.000 bu;
com, 21,000 bu; oats, 2,000 bu.
Shipments— Flour, 1,000 brls; wheat, none;
com, 45,000 bu: oats. 7,000 bu.
PHILADELPHIA,
Philadelphia, Nov. 29.—Breadstuffs— Flour
dull; Indiana and Ohio, 97.00a57.50. Wheat dull
and easier; State red. 8l.C0al.61; amber, $1.05;
white, sl.CTal.To, Ryn dull and unchanged. Com
lees active; old yellow, 78a80c; now. CTaTOc: high
mixed Western, 7GaTBc. Oats steady; moderate
demand: white,s3c: black,so3.
Provisions— Dull; mess held at 114.50. Lard,
9 l-2c.
Petroleum—Refined, 2lc.
Whiskey—Firm: Western, in iron, 93c.
NASHVILLE.
Nashville, Noe. 20.—Cotton—Dull; low mid
dling, 14 IMaIT i-2c.
Bbeaustcffs —Flour steady; extra family,
$7.00a7.50. Wheat. 51.16a1.50. Corn in good de
mand at 63c. Oats, 55c. Bye and barley un
changed.
Provisions—Clear bacon sides, 8 5-8 c; clear
rib, 81-2 c: plain bams, 12 l-2c sugar-cured, 14
l-2c. Bulk meats dull and unchanged, shoul
ders, 6 3-4 c; clear ribs, 6 3-4 c; sides, 7c. Lard—
Prime steam. 9 l-2c.
MARRIED.
RUTTER—McMURTRY—At Newton. New Jersey,
Nov. 22,1371. by the Rev. Mr. Byington. David Rutter,
of Chicago, and Mory E., eldest daughter of William
McMmtry, of Newton.
DIED.
VANDBBUBG—IIenry M. Vandoburg, son of Mat
thew and Jane Vandoburg, aged 20 years.
Buffalo pap era please copy.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Masonic.
The committee for the relict of Chapter, Command
fry and Scotch Rite Masons, hold regular meetings
on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, between the
honrs of 5 and 6 p. m., at the office of the undersigned,
3W Wahash-av. V. L. HUBLBUT, Chairman.
Masonic.
Annual Convocation of Wiley M. Egan. Chapter No.
12K, R. A. M., Friday evening, Dec. I. Members are
hereby notified to bo present lor the election of officers
payment of dnes.
C. VAN CAMPEN. Secretary.
Illinois St. .Indretc's Society
Thoannnal meeting for business and installation of
officers will ho held at the Briggs House on Thursday
evening, Nov. 30, at 7 o'clock: the anniversary din
ner at s o’clock. Tickets may be had at the Briggs
House, and at Dale <fc Hlcland'a. 114 West Madison-at.
BUSINESS CARDS.
IaETpiFS
Eetoil Store, 612 West Lake-st.
A good assortment of all kinds Jnst completed. A
liberal discount will be made to mj* fellow-sufferers in
tbe late fire. Pena repointed as usual. Orders by mail
promptly attended to. WALTER TBELEAVEN, 512
west Lake-st., one block east of Union Park.
JEWELRY.
liw
We beg to inform onr patrons and the trade that we
have established ournewoffice at 1311-2 WEST MADI
SON-ST.. having on hand a full stock of cheap Horn.
Shell, and Plated Jewelry. We ore prepared to fill all
orders promptly.
80NNENS0HEIN i TREULICH.
1311-2 West Madison-et.
BOOKS.
Medical Books.
Our stock* of
Helical oil Soidcel Bools
is os complete as before the fire, embracing all of the
new editions and many new books.
PHYSICIANS who have lost their libraries are In
vited to purchase of us, our stock being entirely new
and fresh.
The usual discount will bo made on oil hills pur
chased of us.
W. B. KEEN, COOKE CO.,
Medical Booksellers,
•I*o#, 6 and 7 Eatt Walkingtan-st.
HATS, CAPS AHH PURS.
runs i
HATS!
HATS!
FURS!
STRYKER k €O.,
The Leading Hatters and Furriers of
the West,
Show the largest and hest stock of goods,
in their line, in this city.
Prices are always reasonable at this
reliable house.
A very large stock Of fresh-made SEAL
SACQTJES on hand. Also, some very
fine Mink Goods.
Fur repairing attended to promptly.
OPEN UNTIL 1 P. HI. TO-DAY.
231 West Ma«llsoii-st.
PKINTHJG.
WABASH
STEM FSB ill
Twelil ilffaM-a?r-
Book Printing.
Commercial Printing.
Legal Printing.
Railroad Printing.
Show Printing.
INSURANCE.
THE OFFICE OF THE
NATIONAL
Life Insurance Co.,
Of Chicago,
Has been Removed from 638
West Lake-st, to
jVo. 2 Eigliteenth-st.,
Near the Lake.
GOOD AGENTS WANTED.
2,000 ROLLS WALL PAPER,
2 Coils Rope,
At Auction, r,u WEDNESDAY, Dec. C, at 10 o’clock, at
tbe Red Front Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS CO., Auctioneers.
RIM INSURANCE.
Merchants requiring insurance on the
Missouift Rivers, can ob
tain certificates at the Marine and Fire
Insurance Agency of
GEO. C. CLABKE CO.,
10 Eldridge-court, and 35 West Wash
ington-at.
NOTICE.
IrraiFlrslßSMCsCoiw
OF NEW YORK.
Meeting of Policy-Holders.
Holders of policies issued from the Chicago Agency,
for above named Company, are requested to meet at
our office. ir7r» Wabash-av, at 1 o’clock p. m., ou Satur
day, DtcemlMT’i, 18T1.
To Insurance Solicitors*
Will the insurance solicitor who placed two policies
for me, ono on my office. No. C 3 Ciark-st, and one on
my furniture. £35 Lakc-av., last winter, ploaao com
municate with me at once. J. W, WADGHOP, No
•<ot WahaHh-av.
MISI
BILL HEADS,
STATEMENTS, &c.
Complete Assortment.
CAMEROS, AMBERS. HOFFMAN CO.,
14 and 16 West Randolph-st.
GRAND
THANKSGIVING lunch
Will be served up at T. F. COOK’S. 121 West Madison
st, to-day. Grand qnolc match will take place; pitch
ing to commence at 2p. m. slurp. T. F. invites all old
friends on this occasion.
CHARRED PAPERS RESTORED.
Restoring Liquid For Sale.
Success guaranteed, by J. M. HIRSH CO.. S3
West Wa.-*hington-at.
PATTERNS.
THE FASHION HOUSE
OF
E.BUTTERICE&CO,
Late of 83 and 35 State-st
Have now resumed business at
316 West Madison-st,
With a full assortment of their
CEIEBBATEH PATTEBWS.
WATCHES AND JEWELBT.
COGSWELL CO.
IRE HOW OPES AT
306 W. Madison-st.,
With a full stock of WATCHES, JEW
ELRY and WATCH MAKERS’ TOOLS,
Prompt and careful attention to orders.
MILLINERY.
Miler? ail Fain Booms
have been removed to her new and commodious rooms,
804 "West Madison-st.,
where can be found the latest styles and lowest prices.
COPAE'
Copartnership Notice.
Frederick Milleman has retired from our firm. The
business will be carried on under the old name of
Henry Oppenhelmer <fc Co, at 199 Broadway, New
Y'ork.
HENRY OPPENHBIMER «t CO.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DrssoiunoiToi^copartnership
The firm of A. S. Wadhams Co. Is lids day dis
solved, Mr. A. 6. Wadhams having purchased tho
interest of Mr. M.A-Torreyinsald firm. Mr. A. S. Wad
hams is alone authorized to settle all liabilities and as
sets of the late firm. A. 8. WADHAMS.
MARK A. TOSREY,
Chicago, November 21,1971.
The business of manufacturing Regalia Pharapher.
□alia, <£c., Ac., will bo continued at 463 West Madl
soa-st., by A. S, WADHAMS.
F. J. HUSSINDB&,
ft
C=3
as
c»
ft
5*
CB I
s
ft
ft
o

35
114
WEST RANDOLPH.
IHMLL
We have just opened a
splendid line of MEN’S
OVERCOATS CHILD
REN’S SUITS.
122 W. Madiso33.=st.
All persons who have lost their
SEWING MACHINE, of whatever
make, by the late fire, to call at the
office of the HOME SHUTTLE SEW
ING MACHINE, No. 247 West Mad
ison-st., in basement, and examine the
Simplest, Cheapest Lock-Stitch Mach
ine in the World.
Price S4O.
All parties who have lost their Sew
ing Machine, of whatever make, by
buying from us, will get a DISCOUNT
of Twenty-five per cent from our
regular prices.
HIY Milli MUM.
mi. m co.,
GENERAL AGENTS.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
J. Howard Foote,
Importer and Wholesale Dealer in
Musical Instruments.
No. 9 So. Halated-st., I No. 81 Maiden Lane,
CHICAGO. I NEW YORK.
With the largest and most complete stock in tits
West, backed by a SIOO,OOO stock in New York, I am pre
pared to offer the MUSIC DEALERS of the North
west facilities in the prompt and satisfactory execu
tion of their orders for goods in my lino such as no
other house does or can afford in tills market.
Send for wholesale Catalogue and Price List.
Chicago, November 30,1571.
SCO German Accordions. 300 Concertinas, 50 gross
Harmonicas, 50 dozen Violins, 300 Guitars. just re
ceived at FOOTE’S.
fi(o bundles violin strings. Italian, German and French;
200 dozen Guitar Strings, 50 dozen Banjo Strings,
Rouble Bass and Violoncello Strings. AU fresh
goods. For sale low at FOOTE’S.
MUSIC BOXES from $l5O to s2soeach. A large stock,
with lino selections of music, at FOOTE’S.
A largo stock of BAND INSTRUMENTS at FOQTR’s
FREE LUNCH.
1 .free Thanksgiving turkey lunch will be
given this day at HARRY THOMPSONS Cen
tral Sample Boom, 301 West Randolphs!.,
opposite (he Rasoiik Temple. All old friends
and the public generally are cordially In
vited.
Chicago, Nor. 1571.
Notice Is hereby given that a meeting of tho stock*
holders of the Chicago and Wilmington Coal Company
will lie held at the office of J. M. Walker. President, in*
Chicago. lIL. on Tncsdai*, the 26th day of Dec. next, at
10 o'clock in the forenoon, to consider and determine
the question of consolidating the stock, property and
franchises of this Company with those of the Vermll
lion Coal Company, or of selling the same to that
Companv. By order of the Board of Directors.
JAMES M. WALKER, JAMES F. JOY,
II- E. SARGENT, AMOS T. IT ALL.
;ous.
Of the Tivoli Variety at No. Gte West Twelfth-st., cor*
ncr Waller-st. This place will open to-night with a
large troupe, and will give a tine entertainment, and
endup with a ball. Good opportunity for the ladies to
dance. E. STINES, Manager.
Connly Commissioners.
Notice Is hereby given that tho Board of County
Commissioners of Cook Counts* will meet on Monday,
Dec. 1. IS7I, at 2 o'clock p. in., in the High School
Building on West Monme-st.
JOHN G. GINDELE, County Clerk.
Chicago. Nov. 29,1571.
FEARLESS
Cooking Stove, for Coal or Wood, with or
without low Beservoir.
BRILLIANT
Base-Burner, for small rooms, large stores
or heating two floors.
CHEAP COOK AND PARLOR STOVES
in great variety, which we offer- to the
trade at low prices.
J.F.RATIIIBOYE&C©.,
SO 32 SOUTH CAHAL-ST.
Oriental Soap Works.
(Established since the fire. Capacity 100,000 pound-*
per week.)
E. JENNINGS CO.,
Manufacturers of fine Staple amt Fancy Soaps, Man'
nfactory, -TJ) West Bandolph-st.; Ofllce. No. 39 South
Canal-sc. WILLIAM LEITCIf, Agent.
JOHN COMPTON. Sapcriutemlent.
COLLIERY RAILS.
12 Founds to the Yard, Blotched and
Sawed Ends—Extra Quality.
inquire of
Hall, Kimbark A Co*,
Mlchigan-av., near Bandolph-gL^_^_^^
SVBSEOSOOPXC VIEWS
CHICAGO BEFORE AND AFTER THE FIRE-
The only complete set of negatives of before
the tiro m existence. Also, the largest and best assort-
Artistic Cants published. and tor
Sale wholesale amt retail, by
P. B. GBEESE, Landscape Photographer,
NOTICES.
Treasury Department.
office or the ught-HocoE Board, J
Washington, Nov. 27.157 L
Sealed proposals will bo received at this office until
1 o’clock p. m., on Monday, the Bth day of January, 1872,
for supplying niuety-ono thousand gallons of the best
quality winter-strained, pure Sperm, Colza or Lard oil,
for the United States Light-House Service, according
to the specifications bearing date as above, copies of
which maybe had on application to the Light-House
Board, to the Light-House Inspector, No. 1G Broadway,
New York, the Light-House Inspector at No. U Pem
berton Square, Boston, and the Light-House Inspector
at Detroit, Mich. JOSEPH HENRY,
Chairman Light-House Board.
CLOTHING.
SEWING MACHINES.
GENERAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
Directors
Grand Opening
STOVES.
SOAPS.
RAILS.
PROPOSALS.
AKDSEMEHTBa
WEST SIDE STAR LECTURE COURSE.
Union Park Congregational Church.
The Manager* Like pleasure in announcing a
SPECIAL LECTURE.
tl.cv having secured tin* service* of the elo.judut and
stirring speaker.
Z»n. JOHN LORD,
lor Dec. 5. when ho will deliver hi* great lecture.
‘fI.VIHJiO'I!) lIVLI
ABELAED AND ELOISE,"
•I Story of Lovr.
C otirse Tickets not available for this special lecture.
Ticket-. '/0 cents. Reserved seats. 7,» cents. For
sab*. afterbMUorrowniornlnir, at West Side Library,
•S> West Mudison-st., Florton’s Library. sc West Lake
st., amt Strehl's Drug Store, 50 West Atadismi-st
MICHIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
Thirteen th-st. anil Mlchigaa-ar.
ffpiffl Coifly Coiw.
Thanksgiving Day—Two Grand
Performances,
Matinee at £3O. Evening at b
PROGRESS-
Admission to Matinee. o0 Cents. (‘Jiitdrea 23 cents.
GLOBE THEATRE.
Colonel Wood’s Museum Company at the Gla
WONDERFUL SUCCESS OP
DITO B C E r
The best play ever presented in Chicago.
MATlNEE—‘Wednesday and Saturday,
At 2 o’clock precisely.
EXTRA MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
WEST SIDE OPERA HOUSE.
Arlington’s Minstrels!
24 FIRST-CLASS ARTISTS.
Will open for the season
Jtlonday i&veniHS, JVov. 27.
Thursday, THANKSGIVING MATINEE, com
meuciug at 2:30 o’clock. Regular Matinee every Sat
urday. w
Prices, 75 and 50 cents. No extra charge for reserved
scats. Scats can be procured at the Rox Office, Mon
day, from 9a.m.t05 p. m. Doors upon at 7:30; com
mence atS.
STIR LECTURE COURSE.
Mlchlgan-av. Baptist Church.
“Savonarol a,"’
a lecture on REFORMERS by the eloquent reformer,
eminent historian aril veteran lecturer.
UR. JOHN LORD,
on crumby. Dec. 4. Tickets. 50 cents. Reserved seats.
75 cents. For sale, after Friday morning. at Cobb’s.
409 Wabash-ar.; Bliss Sharp’s, 154 Twenty-second
st.: Mlchigan-av. Free Library, and on the West|
Side at Atlantic Pacific Telegraph office, 35 South
Cannl-st.
AUCTION SALES.
BY COBBY WIKIS.
Friday, Sec. 1, at 10 o’clock.
Elegant Parlor Suits
in Green Eep, Hair Cloth and Wool, Perry
Marble, Wood Top and library Tables,
Side Boards, Book Cases, Bureaus, Wash
Stands, Easy Chairs, Lounges, &c. Also,
Second-hand Pomiture, Body Brussels, Tap
estry and Ingrain Carpets, Crockery, Bad
ding, Mirrors, Pictures, &c.
Sale at our new quarters. FSID AY, Lee. 1,
291 and 298 Michigan-av. We retail new
furniture through tbe week at manufactur
ers’ prices, and guarantee the goods in every
respect, and by auction, every Friday.
COLBY' WIBTS, Auctioneers.
291_& 293 Michigan-av.
By G. P. Gore Co.j
1 and 2 Eandolph-st., corner Mich*gan-av.,
Regular Saturday sale of
HOUSEHOLD MMTUEE
AT AUCTION.
Parlor ami Chamber Furniture, Bureaus, Rockers,
Extension-Tables, Dining-Chairs, Bonuses,
Sofas, Tables, Bedsteads.
fb crnzrn R?DgferafllO~~SllPVets~amrapacc3.
40 rolls Floor Oil Cloth.
2.sooyards Wool Carpet,
t CO crates Crockery, in original and open packages.
1 new Howe Shuttle Sowing Machine,
l new Mower complete.
On SATURDAY, Dec. 2, at I»i oclock.
GEO. P. GORE CO., Auctioneers.
BY Witt. A. BUTTERS CO.
REGULAR SATURDAY SALE
AT THE RED FEONT.
HOUSEHOLD GOODS, CARPETS, STOVES,
Hardware, and other Merchandise,
AT AUCTION,
On SATURDAY, Dec. 2, at 9 1-2 o’clock,
at the Red Front Salesrooms.
TO. A. BUTTERS «fc CO., Auctioneer*.
ELEGANT PARLOR SET,
6 NEW TOP BUGGIES,
AT AUCTION.
On SATURDAY, Dec. 2, at it o’clock, at the BED
FRONT Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS «fc CO., Auctlomoart.
330 CASES
BOOTS, SHOES, BALMORALS,
OVERSHOES AND RTTBBRRS,
AT AUCTION,
On TUESDAY, Dec. 5, at 91-3 o’clock,
at tho RED FRONT Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS CO.. Auctioneer*.
300 PACKAGES
GLASS AMD CROCKERY WARE.
Invoice of Table Cutlery,
Invoice of Shelf Hardware,
Invoice of Silver Plated Ware,
AT AUCTION,
On WEDNESDAY, Dee. 6, at 9 1-2 o'clock,
At the Red Front Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS <t CO.. Auctioneers.
DKT GOODS,
Ready-Made Clothing, Woollens, Shirts and
Drawers, Hosiery, Gloves, Gaunt
lets, Notions, &c.,
AT AUCTION,
.On THURSDAY, Dee. 7, at 9 1-2 o'clock,
at the Bed Front Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS «fc CO., Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
Of Real Estate and Personal Property
In Highland Park, lake County, on Friday, Dec.
1,1871, at 10 o’clock, a. m.
Two houses and lots, one brick and one frame house,
and all the household furniture, and other personal
property. Terms of sale of real estate, one-fourth
cash, the ba’nnce in equal payments of one.
two, and three years as six per cent interest;
the personal property, all sums of-$5 and less, cosh,
all over that amonnt, six months’ credit will be given*
For further particulars inquire of George Grossing,
45 North Canul-st. before the day of salo.
DOOLEY «fc HOFFMAN. Aoctioncers.
lamps and lanterns.
LIGHT. LIGHT.
To Those Who Want More Light,
co to B. Chester's, lantern manufacturer. Nos. 2 and f
West lake-st. where you will find u well assorted
stock of Kerosene Lamps. Brackets, Chandeliers.
German Student Lamps, Tubular Lanterns, Burners
and Chimneys. He also manufactures
lard OH lanfernr, Kerosene Lanterns, large
Square Barn lamps. Warehouse lamps.
Solar Oil Lamps, for burning lard oil with chim
neys, Saloon Lamps made to order, of any style re
quired. on the shortest notice.
Don't forget to try Ids high test headlight oil. I
TUHNISHING GOODS.
Gents’ Furnishing Goods.
WK. Ct. WHITE CO.,
•23 i Michigan av., Corner Harrison at.,
have a new full stock of Men’s Underwear,
Wool Gloves, Mittens, Socks and Scarfs,
Duck Overalls of all kinds. Bine Kersey,
and Ladies’ Cloth Shirts. Cardigan
Jackets, in all qualities, very cheap.
FOR SAIiE.
WEATHER STRIPS
At 117 ‘West'Wasliington-at.