TEE LAKE FBONT QUESTION.
tetter from Timalhjr Wright, E.q.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir: Ae your columns arc filled no w-a-days
pvitkmatters of public interest, I desire space
fur a few words about the proposed occupan
cy by tbo three or more railroad companies
of the lake front, cast of Michigan avenue,
between Bandolph and Monroe streets, for a
■mammoth Union Passenger Station.
Briefly, then I am tin favor of such occu
pancy on fair terms to the city, or to the
citizens of the entire city, who have a vested
right, franchise, or casement, in those
squares, and in the ground cast of them, as
pnblic ground, to remain forever vacant of
buildings.”
Now-what aro fair terms for the surrender
of these rights? Clearly nothing less than
the fall value of those grounds for any bus
iness purposes, or, in plain figures, not less
■-thimthreetimesthesumoffeped and attempt
ed to ho enforced l>y special legislation, and
by the courts,
I won’t use your space in discussing the
merits of that case under that legislation,
hut will refer those interested to Judge
Drummond’s opinion, which is not in danger
of being reversed hy the United States
Supreme Court, I think.
I never ccold see why the citizens of Chi
cago should be asked to sell to rich corpora
tions valuable franchises at one-third of a
fair price, and I cannot now perceive the
propriety of choosing this hour of extremity
and distress, and of our city’s great need to
urge so one-sided a bargain; and that, too, by
appeals so the self interest of those who, own
ing lots in the vicinity of the proposed depot,
are especially benefited; and by threats of
removal from that neighborhood for the tim
'id and excited; and by such other argument
and appliances as aro usually resorted to
to cany such measureswith the public.
Wo arc told that unless these corporations
«et the consent of all parties at once, that
some of them will remove their depots and
business remote from that location, and so
work a greater injury to the old business
centre than the entire value of the three
squares they w'ish to get.
Well let them do so, then; other sections of
the city will he correspondingly benefited,
'and the property in question can ho kept as
park property forever, or sold at its full value
for business purposes; fori dp not belief
that it is in the power of all these railroad
corporations or of any combination of
business interests now to chance the business
centre ofCUicago: nature hxed it in the first
tilaec; large investments of every kind there
=iud on all sides have so established it, and
it will bo worse for those who mistakenly
think that the centre of business can bo
moved from its old haunts. It may and will
spread as the cirv grows but from and about
the old centre only.
All our railroad companies and business
men have heretofore wisely sought to get as
to that biisinesa.ccntre as possible. Can
anv of them afford now to give up such cen
tral locations to their rivals T
How is it in New\ork? Have those far
un-town depots drawn away the great busi
ness heart of that city from its old place?
\ot only is this not so, but also this is so,
that the strong up-towu tendencies due to
the form of that long and narrow island be
tween two wide and not bridged rivers have
failed to move the centre of the heavy-whole
sale and financial business one mile from its
original natural site in two hundred yeare;
all the movement there has been being only
the growth and spread of business in one
direction, because, commeucuig at the south
end of Manhattan Island, it must grow
■north, if at all. It is not sb in Chicago: our
■narrow stream is well hrtdgedandtunnelled.
Let North and AVest Side men make a note
ofthat when asked to give an opinion on this
SU ln C dcaling with this matter noir, cannot
tlio proverbial “soullessness of corporation
ignored and the question be seinedjust
ly to all parties in the light of our great cal
“fl said that these railroad companies
cannot afford to pay more than ?bOO,OOO for
this property for depot purposes, and that,
■therefore, they ought to have it rather than
Jet them remove. Perhaps so; perhaps they
can better afford to pay thrice that sum than
so otherwheres and pay the price. Those
riparian rights in connection with the outer
harbor that the United States Government is
building for the accommodation of our com-1
•merce are very valuable. Where on the lakes
is there another 1,440 feet of such valuable
?Bnt then is a tcay out of this difficulty by
which each party may get all they want, and
by which every advantage sought lor may
be obtained, except a profit of a million and a
fcalf of dollars on a laud speculation, to be
realized by the obtaining of those three
squares for the sum offered; and 1 propose
this method of settling the question.
Let the city release to these corporations,
for depot purposes, all its rights east of a hue
drawn parallel to and 300 feet of the east line
of Michigan avenue; or, in other words, the
east part of the square Kandolph
and Monroe streets, with all the riparian and
other rights eastward to the dock lines of tho
now outer harbor, thus paying the city for
the whole one million of douars. ho donut
the necessary additional legislation, if any is
needed, can be obtained from Congress, our I
Legislature, and onr now Council, to permit
the city to accept this sum, and to vest in
those corporations, upon paying tho stun to
the city, tho fee of that property. In this
day of adversity Congress and our Legisla
ture will not haggle about Itma.
It cannot make much difference to the
railway companies whether the east line ql
thert now depot is on the cast lino of Michi
gan avenue or 200 feet further cast. Once
located and the track arranged, the one site
isinstasgood and convenient as the other:
the filling of these half squares, and the con
structing of some additional tracks outside
of tho present ones, most of which will have
to ho done by them iu any event if they get
the property at all, is all the expense to bo
incurred: Idling will ho cheap now, and ot
the very best kind—calcined stones, broken
bricks, and mortar mixed, with the dust and
ashes of homes and fortunes of onr citi
.zem., and almost literally cemented together
‘hv their sweat and blood. Lot ua feelbcro
ivfter that a fair price was obtained lor all
lll Lct it not ho said that the additional 200
feet cannot ho snared from the 2.000 feet of i
harbor room, or tho fiOO feet of dockage on
tho cast, for tho room tlms lost m east and
west dimensions can easily be made gpod b\
extending the piers of the outer harbor
southward far enough to enclose an addi
tional area to that tlms taken..
Then let tho city.aftcr obtaining the noces
sarp legislation, sell to our wholesale nicr-1
chants and capitalists tho west half of the
three squares, at their market 'v alue,
is not less than one and a half millions of
dollars, leaving a proper street between the
depot grounds and the half squares.
Unless it is necessary for the railroad coni;
panics to have a passenger house over bio
feet in length, they should bo required to
leave both Kandolph and Washington streets
opeutothe lake for sanitary autf other rea
sons. Michigan avenue property u ill bo
■worth more with these three blocks of n holo
tßile houses ou tho east than if that depot
flanked it there. The city will gain the tax
ation of tho lots and buildings.
What is to prevent these companies frem
'selling them three halt squares and realizing
an their little speculation at once if they got
the whole at tho price offered Is there any
thing in tho proposals us now made, or in the
case as made; up, to forbid their dome so?
Perhaps tho money realized by the city
from these “public grounds” should bo
voted to park purposes in tho three divisions
at the citv But whatever wise disposals
made of it. we shall escape taxation for in
tercst on eo much capital forever. 1 cry truly
yours> Timothy M muirr.
IVINKTKA, Nov. 15.
better from J. P. Boot, K*q-
To Editor of The Chicago Tribunt:
Sin* A. fevr suggestions regarding luo
“lake front v may not kc inappropriate at
tbiß time. lithe railroad company can ho
permitted to erect their depots between
Monroe and Randolph, there will still he
left for the use of the city nearly a mile of
frontage on Michigan avonne, extending
south to Park row. The cast and west
streets should he extended throngh to the
railroad tracks, and a *wido street laid out
between the blocks nnd the track. This will
give eight blocks, with a frontage of 5W feet
on Michigan avenue, the same on the east
side beside the frontage on the east mid west
streets, ora total front of l.rcS feet to block.
"OS feet in the eight blocks, hor busi
ness narposcs this property will in a short
?-™l s hn worth $2,000 per foot, making the
toSS. value of $25,405,000, This property
conld ho leased at 5 per cent the
Slro^ity^onh^S^in
annmn, interest, Ac., thus saving
kmldmg, x niucli every rear. TUo
Si
houses east of the l rauroa menso ground
control the riparian right. tlje interest of
million of dollars, it is a very I lc arable thing
for a municipal corporation to have.
Chicago, Kov. W. Jamks 1. hoot.
To Chicago’* Girl*«
DesMod*es, lowa, Kov. 13*
“So toe it. Perish Bahol; arise Babylon,l
rtomtnl»» like these rise the Innea thAt«hainast,
AnStobolld up the future, Heaven shutters the past.
And, ere tho smoke had arisen from the smoul
dering city, the beautiful “Garden City” of the
TV'est, the entire world responded Amen to the
briT© words which Issued from the press of the
afflicted city; and, catching somethin* of the
imlrit of the grand editorials addressed to tho
nf Chicago, I long to send a greeting to
Se daughters 0 t Chicago,-to the girts who, we
wlllhe Mate enough to grasp, with true,
hands, the grand opportunity at tho
.Tlnlvor that, when tho future hlstorl-
Mnr.ffi c t the heroic mhom f »od-
VOLUME 25.
om pilgrims, not only the fathers shall deserve
honorable mention, but the mothers and daugh
tors as'well.
Stow that the -whole country is llxing its atten
tion upon Chicago, why may not this same city be
come the Paris of tho Northwest,—the leader of
fashion; and not tho mode of dress alone, but the
fashion of tho hour,—the fashion, of industry, of
economy, and of honest work I You owe it to
your fathers, dear girls. How many gray-haired
men, on that fcarnil night, were compelled to
witness the earnings of a busy life destroyed,—
those fathers 'vhoso indulgence has rendered
your young lives perhaps too luxurious and idle.
Now yours arc tho duty and tho privilege to assist
in building the new home and earning the new
fortune. Let no Chicago father have cause to re
gret that his children are not all .boys. Moke it
fashionable in Chicago for girls to work, and you
will thus set a grand example for tho girlhood of
tho West. Band together, and, in lieu of fashion
able parties, organize reading and literary clubs,
and crown her queen of Chicago girls who shall
most cheerfully and faithfully perform her part
in retrieving the fortunes of the oravc city.
In view of tho fact of tho desolation and suffer
ing which the fire-fiend has ipade in various parts
of our country, extravagance in dress daring this
winter of *7l would be deemed a crime against
society.
Our churches must be rebuilt; school-houses
erected; homos rendered comfortable; a love of
literature kept alive, if possible (us the tempta
tion to more money-getting In our already too
practical West greatly Increased); and In no way
can we so cosily economize as in the matter of
mere personal adornment. Far better, girls, deny
yourselves many changes of raiment, and the
variety of bonnets ana bows than to diminish
your contribution to tho church, or to deny your
selves good books. If, from tho ashes of Chicago,
shall arise an earnest girlhood: if there shall bo a
dethronement of tho tyrant Selfishness, and an
enthronement of the Angel of Charity.—then, in
deed shall tho light of that burning city illumin
ate, and brighten, jmd glorify our great, broad
West. Learn to. think, and then you must talk
well; and one seldom stops to notice what n good
conversationalist iccarx.
Girls whose luxurious homes have melted
away do not sit idly by, mourning over perished
case and idleness; but, placing true hands in
those of your fathers, husbands, and brothers,
say to them, Come, wo together will rebuild
our city, and then, indeed, will It be our home”
The fashionable world cries out, Where shall
wo go for cur fashions I Wo answer, “To Chi
cago/* where bravo men and women arc making
energy, economy, honest toll, and chanty glo
riously fashionable.
Not the elegantly-adorned idler, resting upon
soft cushions in elegant equipage, shall be your
queen; but the bonnic maiden who, in comf orta
able walking-suit, trudges blithely homeward at
nightfall, with father or brother, happy in tho
knowledge that she has lightened their labors
that day.
Honest love, honest Borrow,
Houe*t wort for tie day, honest hope fur the morrow;
Are those sot worth more than the hand they moke
weary,
The heart they have saddened, tho life they leave
dreary*
Huah! the sevenfold heavens, to the voice of tbo
spirit.
Echo. He that o'crcomcth shall all things inherit.”
Lizzie Boynton Haiuieht.
JOHN SMITH’S PLAN FOB QUIET
ING- TITLES.
Office of John Burnt, Attornoy-at-Law,
Solicitor in Chancery, and Proctor in Admiralty.
Lobs of Proofs Entanglements of Titles Perfected.
No. mis Fourth avenue. Chicago, Nov. 17,1571.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Siu: I regard this as a favoralilo opportuni
ty for seeing my name printed in your valua
ble newspaper, and for doing a little adver
tising without the usual preliminary money
arrangements at your counter. Nothing
short of some public calamity like the cue
which recently visited this city could have
made it likely that you would print, or that
any person would read when printed, any
thing whatever from my pen. I, therefore,
heartily sympathize with the atilictions of
tho people of this city, in the destruction of
their property, because, as hereinbefore indi
cated, their loss is myopportuninity. I need
hardly mention that the subject of which I
propose to treat is land titles. I bring to
the subject a mind thoroughly un
biased and uninteresting. I never
had any fee simple interest
in any real estate, and the only
easement I have ever had in any is one I
now hold, consisting of a right of way
on the public thoroughfares, and this I own
iu common with the general public. My
title to said easement is very complicated for
one of its kind, being a paper title by pro
scription. I was formerly a doctor, and I
still write my own prescriptions, so that tbo
title iu question never cost mo anything. I
am now a lawyer by profession, as will more
fully appearto you from ovidcucc which you
may gather concerning my ‘sign, which, in
the palmy days of. Chicago, perambulated
from place to place owing to the exigencies
I of mvself, and of my landlords, and I pray
that such recollections of the inhabitants or
this city, concerning the mcaiidenugs aim
deviations of said my sign, as you may
bo enabled to gather up, may bo made
a part of this communication, as temungto
show its value. In this connection I- desire,
also, to say that I now have my pmee at Wo.
11,118 Fourth avenue, and that 1 kavo pur
posely avoided placing any sign as to present
whereabouts, at the place of my former of
fice, well knowing that I must constant}!’
rely upon now clients for support.
It appears to me, Mr. Editor, to ho useless
to inquire in this connection how the nre
originated, or whether tho locus in quo was
insured, and, if insured, whether in a goon
company, if any, and if in a good company
whether it was “The Chicago Firemen’s” or
tho Lumberman's.” AH such matters are
foreign to tho issue; as foreign, A
think—and I believe you will agree
with me, hut if yon don’t it is no
matter—as foreign, I was about to say,
as tho Irishwoman that milked tho cow,
1 that, &c.ll regard it as certain that there
I are in Chicago more separate lots of land
than separate, people. It there are not, it is
had. But it is well, for there .arc.. This is
judicious, for this gives us a startmg-pmut,
for wo now know that there are lots enough
to go ’round. provided each man wants a lot.
This should bo inquired into, ami it seems to
mo it would bo well for this purpose to hire
the men. who took tho census iu St. Louis,
they are good at finding people. But there
are many men who each want several lots,
and have a good title to theml; and perhaps
they ought to have them, 1 dont know.
Their host way is to have the lots sold for
tuxes, and hid them in themselves at private
auction from tho tax-title man. if.ho gives
I them notice, and if ho does not give them
I notice, lot tho thing go. fco far .ns
I I know, there aro uo -men who desire
to show no title whatever, to any lot. and if
they are to have uo title, tho Statute oi
Limitatious should not bar them by name
from ever acquiring such title, hut perhaps
a statute removing their disabilities wou»a
be vary satifactory to them. :fnd well enough
in its places. But they need a speedy adjudi
cation as to their want of such title, lo
such persons, tho establishment of their
.rights should bo made both cheap and. inex
pensive, and perhaps a separate tribunal
might ho established for them, or they might
i bo permitted to proceed before tho hire and
Police Commissioners: but tins would neces-1
surilv postpone their proceedings, for it
would he necessary to wait till hehm should
have supplanted Gund, for, of course, Lund
would he obnoxious, tho number of obnox-l
tiousers to him having so recently been ascer- j
ta iTu^*right here, as it were, the claims of 1
minors, married women, John entwortn.
Matt Lallin. Dr. Foster, and-other persons
under disabilities, incapable of taking care
of themselves, and Scammon and persons non
compos mentis and otherwise, intervene, and
I know of uo wav as to them as cfloctuai as
tho plau proposed by one of my professional
brethren of tho Chicago bar. ot establishing
a Domesday hook. And tho only objection
that occurs to mo to this plan, tho only
serious objection, is tho expense of making
the hook. But with our new Board of County
Commissioners who have not yet been ac
cused of being dishonest, with a now County
Treasurer with a first rate personal credit, to
manage tho thing, and with such suggestions
as may bo furnished by the originator of this
plan, and bv sending a Commissioner to view
tho original Domesday hook, and to confer
with tho makers of it, and with powers to
act, and persona and stationery and vice versa,
tho tiling ia feasible and should .be I
done immediately if not sooner, and. I think j
that Mr. Judmou M. W. Jones, if he is well,
could make tho book, and 1 think perhaps
any of our bookbinders could make tho book.
But it ought to ho well made, and when
made, it should ho kept at tho tunnel crib, at
night, for safety. And as the drowning of the
I records would not ho much more desirable
than tho burning of them, the present Re
corder, who ia tho keener of the records,
ought not to he permitted to go on tho crib
when-the hook is there, and the hook ought
not to bo sent there when ho is there. As the
book is being put on the crib he ought to
jump on tho boat, hut for greater safety two
steamboats should ho used, to avoid all
*^*But, r ahovo all, the rights of parties should 1
he inquired into. It is ten chances to one
that they haven’t any rights? Those that
arc in possession should remain so, unless
otherwise, and then and in that
case people must act. in
accordance with the sentiments
■which Providence has implanted in the
•‘dentils of their moral consciousness.” Peo
ple should sit down on their rights, but they
should sleep on their loft side, for m law it is
always dangerous to sleep on yarn- rights.
I How the law would -afloat a man that has
left the State, or one that is now eroding the
Mississippi outward bound, or inward hound,
or Mnvorecly. or both. I don’t know and I
don’t care. But it should he leniently con
strued toward a man that is going to Arkan-
It should bo stated, either in the preamble
or body of the act, that no such act would or
should have passed, except in a tern bio
This wiiolo subject, then, Mr. Editor, is
perfettly plain, and our path lies clearly be-
fore us, as I have pointed it out to you.
Thanking you and my follow-citizens for this
opportunity. I remain, John* Smith,
Of the Chicago liar, 11113 Fourth avenue.
The Olnticol Prince of Rnnla —A History
by Himself—HU Earl 7 Trials for the
Sake of Llbcrij and music*
From the New York Herald, Not. 13,
Apropos i«. tho anticipatedanivalof Pnnce
Alexis as a repicsentative of the present gov
erning family of Hussia. it may bo stated that
on Uis arrival here ho will bo met by a prince
of nearly equal rank with his own, and whose
family has played apart, and a great part, in
the history of that great kingdom. Princo
Gallitzeu, now staying at tho Metropolitan
Hotel, is tho nephew of the scholarly Dimitri
Gallitzcn, one of the ablest Ambassadors over
sent by Hussia to Prance, and the descend
ant of a race whoso ancestry can lie
traced back to the days of Gedemin,
Princo Lithuriana and Jagiellos, His
history is at the same time romantic, re
markable, and exciting; and the same in
dividual, n<TW whiling away the hours in this
metropolis of the Western Republic, was
bom a Princo, became an artist and musician,
and. like many of less distinguished birth,
has had to earn his bread by the sweat of
his brow” in order to maintain his Princess
and family, although tho inheritor of an im
mense princely fortune.
Understanding somewhat of tho Prince’s
relations a Herald attache waited upon him
at his rooms on Friday for the purpose of
hearing from his own lips some particulars
of affairs that shook, twenty years ago, the
aristocracy of Hussia almost to its centre.
Tho Prince, contrary to the traditions of his
ancestors, and against the generally accept
ed opinion concerning tho Hussian nobles,
has none of that unpleasant sternness and
repression in his features which would indi
cate come not hither,” hut wears an air of
freedom and even gayety, and is most
affable, courteous, and pleasantly communi
cative. Ho is tall in stature and of a some
what heavy build, but seems to move about
with agility. In conversation ho is ready
and attractive, and speaks fluently in ffve
languages, excepting English, which ho does
not assume, and his polished manner and
hearty laugh soon place his visitor at his
ease.
I "Prince, I am instructed to -wait upon
you,” commenced the scribe, “for some in
formation concerning yourself, which would
bo almost tho duty ol a biographer, that is
if you arc willing to do so for publication.”
“Very well,” replied he, “hut you must
decide to speak in French,|German, or some
other language than English, for in that I
cannot clearly express myself.”
German being tbo accepted tongue, the
Prince commenced; "My family is one
of tho oldest on tho records of our country,
and, though I myself repeat it, one of the
richest, fly father, who always held a high
position near tho Alcxaudrovitch family,
was exceedingly fond of music, and among
his most devoted friends ho classed tho great
composer, Beethoven, with whom ho was on
intimate terms, and who always had access
to the family conversaziones. The result of
this intimacy was that a quartette was
formed in the palace, and no week passed
without three or four concerts being given,
many weeks six. Hence the love of the art
that was inculcated in us from our earliest
recollection, each member of the family be
ing placed under tho best tuition that could
bo found. Beethoven, of course, qould sup
ply enough music, aud superintend
its execution with a delicacy that
was always charming. When I grew up
to an approach to manhood, and having
passed through tho ordinary and necessary
collegiate duties, my desire was still to re
tain the profession of an artist, to the exclu
sion of all matters of State. With this view
I studied all tho best masters, then travelled
aud studied at Gottingen aud Loipsic, went
to Saxe-Wcimar, finally returning again to
St. Betersburph. I was then inheritor to a
large estate and had a great number of vas
sals or serfs attached to my domain. Tho
Russian aristocracy are, and always have
been, particularly proud and invidious in
their conceptions, aud tho idea that I was
about to devote my time and estate to the
profession of music was apparently displeas
ing, and I was dubbed ‘Kin Kunstler. 5 This
was embarrassing, no doubt, but there was
this difficulty—they of course despised the
idea of associating with an artist; at tho
same time they were pleased to en
tertain the Prince. Thus while they
were compelled to acknowledge my
rank as 'Furst,’ I was at the same
time a musician and artist, and passionately
devoted to it. I gave a grand concert on one
occasion, the music of which seemed topleasc
well enough, but tho idea of acting as Direc
tor 5 myself was appalling. This, doubtless,
laid tho foundation for that opposition of the
aristocracy which subsequently caused me
considerable domestic uneasiness.”
What do you refer to!”
“Irefer,” said tho Priuce, “to the out
burst of indignation of the nobles on the oc
casion of my emancipating my serfs, or what
you would truthfully call slaves. I had sev
eral thousands of these vassals attached to
my estate, but I longed to free them from
their obligations, aud I so stated my desire
considerably before I could carry my wish
into execution. These serfs were supposed
to bo my personal property, bound to answer
any summons, however unjust, and to meet
demands, however exorbitant and unseem
ly. I conveyed my ideas to some of tho mem
bers of tho court retainers, but a perfect
furor was raised against mo by this sugges
tion, and I, in plain words, was challenged to
carry the plan out.”
How long ago was this, Prince!
Between 15 and 20 years ago I had made
np my mind, after much deliberation and
despite all the opposition that they cguld
bring to bear against me, I released every
serf on a given day—an unheard of atrocity
to the minds of tho 'hochgehorcn' of St.Petcrs
burgh. But people have oecomelmoro liberal
since then, and this was followed by tho gen
eral emancipation nine years ng6—a measure
that would not so soon have occupied the
public attention but for tho first heavy blow
given to serfdom.”
What was tbo result of the emancipa
tion t”
“Tbo people who might have approved of
it dared not speak of it in terms of approba
tion and what with this and the musical
antipathy my estates wore withheld from mo.
I demanded an explanation, but tho Emperor
said if I would give up my pro
ject and leave the profession I bad
taken up, ho would return mo my St. Pcters
burgh estates. Itoldhimlcould not, as I was
acting from motives as conscientious as those
which actuated tho persons who had become
1 mv enemies on that account. 5
1 How did vou manage then, Prince T
1 “I started tor London, with tho Princess, i
and collected my friends together aud com-
menced life independently as a musician.
My first concerts given to the public were m
Sum' Gardens, which I conducted in person,
and afterward I learned they were a success.
Koxt I was engaged to give concerts at ot.
James’ Hall, which I did. composing tbo
music and conducting them as before. In
this way I sustained my family for two years
and a half. Matters began to wear a diner- j
cut aspect in Russia afterward, and 1 was
again invited to return by the Kaiser and I
1 give up mv music. I again refused to do l
I that; hut subsequently public opinion turned
1 in my favor and I received back my estates.
Since then I have made it a rule,
to reside six mouths of tho year at
St, Pctcreburgh, and give two concerts a
month, and the remaining six inoutus 1
travel. My income is about sixty thousand
dollars a year from my estate® and the tnlle
I take from tho results of tho concerts; but
I could not give up mv profession so long as
I could reasonably conduct it,”
The opinions of the Russian nobles must
have changed vastly, to encourage now what
Lev once condemned,” remarked the writer.
»“This is a proof of that, 55 said tho Priuce,
aud he took out a handsomely wrought
golden director’s baton, on which Ins name
aud rank in full were inscribed. This was
a present from tho aristocracy of St. Pcters
burgh. Anotherprcsent I have here from the
bourgeois of Moscow.” aud this was a silver
baton, inscribed and presented as the other
in recognition of his talents as a professor of
music.
For what purpose have you visited tins
country t 55
I came here to make a tour of tho States
for information, but as 1 have received so
many evidences of the courtesy and friendli
ness of your people I intend to inaugurate
some concerts. Prince Alexis is shortly to be
here, aud 1 intend to give three concerts in
his honor—two at Steinway Hall on tbo 14th
aud 21st of November, and one at Brooklyn
on the 10th. If I find my Russian music is
favorably received I shall go to California,
and all the States, in fact, and give one or
two concerts in each. lon will doubtless re
member that my cousin. Prince Augustine
Demetrius Gallatziu, made this country his
home and established a colony in Pennsylva
nia Ho was tho son of Demitri Gallatzm,
his mother being the Countess Schemcttan, a
friend of Goethe. His father was Ambassa
dor at tho Hague when ho was born, pre
viously having hold a similar position in Pa-
Iris, where ho became infatuated with Vol
taire. Augustine, who was well educatedaud
accomplished, had uo religious knowledge,
until he was 17 years of agc.when ho became
a Catholic. Ho was educated for thoanny,
and in 1702 was aidc-dercatnp to General an
Lillicn, who was then commanding tho Aus
trian forces in Brabant during the latter part
of the campaign against After
tho death of Leopold and the assassination
of the King of Sweden, in 1795, ho started for
America, and shortly afterward entered the
theological seminary maintained by the
Snlplkiaus at Baltimore, from which, three
years afterward ho emerged as a priest, or
dained by Bishop Carroll, tho second Roman
Catholic in tho united States who had that
honor conferred on him. His first charge
waa at Conewango, Pa.; but ho afterwards
travelled to Maryland and Virginia, until
1799, when ho selected a bleak, unculti
vated spot high upon tho ABe
fhany Mountains, in Cambria County,
'enn., about two hundred and fifty miles
PBINOE GALUT2EN.
CHICAGO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1871.
from Philadelphia, as a site for tho purpose
of founding a Catholic colony. Here he
bought a large tract of land and parcelled
out a number of farms, which in many in
stances ho gave to his followers, who subse
quently founded the present town of Lorotto.
On account of his changing from the Greek
to the Catholic religion he was also deprived
of his estates in St. Petersburg!!; hut subse
quently ho raised about $150,000 to defray tho
expenses of tho new town. He used to con
ceal liis rank under the assumed appellation
of 4 Father Smith,’ up to tho time of his
death, in May, 1840.”
“Thereis no possibility of your settling
here, I suppose. Prince f”
“I am bere for a tour; but if my music is
liked here I shall, perhaps, remain hero much
longer than I at first anticipated. I am, 01
course, perfectly independent as regards my
fortune; nevertheless I love the profession,
and I like to do what I can at it.”
After the Princo liad expressed his admira
tion of American hotels, the reporter with
drew.
TERRIFIC BAILWAY CBASH.
A Locomotive Bxutubing a Jersey City
Street Car—Nine Passengers Seriously
Injured, Three Family*
From tho New York Sun, No v. 15.
Tho Newark avenue crossing of thg. Nejv
Jersey Railroad was the scene of a shocaiiw
disaster last evening. An outward-bound
Philadelphia train clashed into a horse-car
filled with passengers, maiming nearly all 01
them, aud, it is feared, fatally wounding
two or three of tho number. All the horse
railroad tracks leading up from tbe Mont
gomery street ferry, with but two exceptions,
intersect tho New Jersey Railroad track at
this point. To guard against such accidents
gates lowered aud raised by cranks inclose
tho tracks. Two men aro on duty there
night and day to watch approaching trams
aud to lower the gates in time to prevent
pedestrians or vehicles from getting m their
A city ordinance makes it the duty of all
horse-car drivers to come to a stop just "be
fore reaching the crossing. It is said that
the driver of the ■wrecked car stopped as
usual last night, but that the gate tender
hailed him to come on. The car was hound
for the Heights and going west. The homes
had no sooner stepped upon the crossing
than the other gate tender shonted for it to
stop. In another instant the gleaming head
light of the locomotive Hashed through the
bunding storm on the doomed car. The
driver <Gd not flinch. Ho lashed his team
forward. iThe horses strained in every
muscle and fairly leaped in their traces to
drag their precious load off the track.
Another second of time and tho cur would
have escaped tho crash.
Tho locomotive struck the rear platform,
tearing it oft' like pasteboard, and knocking
tho rear portion of the car into splinters.
The crash of breaking glass mingled with tho
piercing shrieks of tho wounded and fright
ened passengers. The engineer had whistled
for brakes and reversed his engine a moment
before- Bat the track was slippery, and the
train was carried forward over two hundred
yards by its own momentum. It did not stop
until it had passed the next crossing above,
and had arrived opposite tho Jersey City
Market. There a man and two women were
found on the cow-catcher, clinging to it for
dear life. They had been carried upon it from
tho scene of the collision. One of tho women
was found uninjured, and was taken away in
a fainting condition by her friends. The i
other woman, whoso name could not bo as
certained, was taken oft' bleeding and insen
sible. Her head was fractured, and she was
conveyed to the hospital, where her injuries
I were pronounced fatal.
Tho man who accompanied these two wo
men on this terrible. ride- was Mr. John J.
Morris, the proprietor of tho Stone House, a
woU-known saloon at the corner of Grove
street and Newark avenue. His jaw was
broken, and all his teeth were knocked down
his throat. Strange to say, no person was
crushed or killed under tho wheels of the
locomotive. Assoou as the accident hap
pened, a terrible scene of excitement and
confusion ensued. Lying directly as this
crossing does on the route of tho principal
thoroughfare of tho city, tho nows of the
disaster spread like a prario lire. An immense
throng of men, women, and children swarm
ed on tho track in an anxious search for tho
wounded. "With the exception of the three
persons so singularly earned off on tho
cow-catcher, they were all strewn over tho
crossing. Tho more seriously injured were
conveyed into drug stores near by, where
their wounds were dressed by Drs. Pctne,
Kidder, Van Houten, Prendcrgast, and other
gentlemen of the medical profession, who
were promptly on hand.
Tho list of casualties couldnot be fully ob
tained, inasmuch as many of tho slightly in
jured were immediately taken to their homes
by their friends. Tho following persons were
reported at Police Headquarters among the
wounded: t
William. Samuel Blake, jeweler, of A\ash
ington place, near Academy street. Jersey
City Heights, severe scalp wound. Sent to
his home.
John Meller, 211 Newark avenue, arm brok
en and sculp wounds. Sent home.
Geo. Aldridge, of Hudson City, cut ou face
and head. Scut home.
John J. Morris, of Newark avenue, jaw
broken. Sent home.
Murray, of 304 Wayne street, skull
fractured. Sent home.
Geo. Aldridge, rib broken. Taken homo by
his friends.
Two men and one woman, names un
known, severely injured. Taken to City
Birch, the conductor, had both his
legs broken, and was taken to his home on
tho Heights.
Tho horses escaped unharmed. Ibo dnver
subsequently took them to tho stables and
has not since been seen. The two gate
tonddra have fled and u most diligent search
ou the part of tho police failed to discover
their whereabouts last niphC The disaster
caused a profound sensation iu Jersey City,
where horso-car riding is regarded at all
inies as perilous in tho extreme.
CHOLERA.
The Disease on ihc Steamship Franklin.
From Uio New York Herald, Nov. 15.
Siuco yesterday's report in the Herald but
two deaths have occurred, and these wore
members of ono faiuili’* Lorn Neilsqn
(father), fifty-five years of age, and his daugh
ter Herna. thirty-one years. The disaster
and death that have befallen this interesting
family of Danes is of the most melancholy
nature. When they embarked to hud a homo
and haven of rest in this country, they
counted in their circle nine persons, from the
mother of nearly threescore years to the in
fant of six mouths. First among the forty
one souls the disease sent to their final ac
counts on the Franklin, it decimated the
Franklin family—Maria, aged twenty-three,
died and was buried at sea; then
John, aged thirty-three, followed, and no
marble shaft will ever mark his tomb: and
yesterday, from the West Bank Hospital, the
'father of the onco happy group, mid Benia,
another daughter, were buned. This is not
the whole story of this unfortunate lot.
The wife and mother, aged 59, when sent to
hospital, was in a dying condition, and so
was Cecilia, 2 1-2 years obi: while in the sec
ond lot that was transferred yesterday morn
ing, were the remaining members of the
family, being Loni, aged 11; Jens. Gara,
4 and the little babe of 6 months, the. darling
infant being the only ono n* Jiaving the
cholera, but yet sbo was not well. What a
familv record!
In addition to Uio four Ncilscns there were
1 scut to the AVest Bank the surgeon of the
I Franklin, name unknown, who lias been in
I his bed since Sunday, and for whom there
is a chance of recovery, as bo has not been
attacked by the disease, but only worn down
with overwork consequent upon his zealous
attention to those in his care. Fetor Paul
sen, aged C; Mas Daring, aged 7, and uus
tar, sculleryman on steamer, aged SlmaKo
iup yesterday’s list of attacked. The latter
is the only ono of the ship’s crew as yet tnat
has been prostrated, and bo was not seized
until late on Monday night*but upon remo
val was dangerously ill. _
Down on the dock, in the pelting, soaking,
1 eastern storm, without an umbrella, a neatly
aud seasonably attired man of about thirty,
I met Dr. Mosher yesterday, as ho was rotuni
ing from his off-shore duties. "With tightly
compressed hands and rigidly set face, as if
i he meant to bear up nobly against the worst
1 news, bo quietly, but slowly—ob, bow
1 slowly!—said in good English, to the atten
tive o'fficial:
1 “Doctor, my name isL. Petersen; they told
me over in the office my wife Eliza, who was
on board the ship, is dead.”
Hero the poor follow gazed out through the
blinding storm to the unfortunate Franklin,
and with a great effort continued
“And our two small children, Peter and
Pctronolla, were with her. If she is dean.
Doctor, what in God’s name will become of
them—no one to treat them kindly!”
But I don’t think they are dead. X tlimlc
I saw them this morning, well; and they U
be treated kindly; I’ll see to that.”
“Oh, lam soglad. soglad.” and thefathers
rigid face relaxed—his children might bo
alive, if their mother had gone to her last
home.
Come over to the office, Mr. Petersen, and
Fll try to find out all about it for you.”
The bereaved husband was then shown
into the Doctor’s office, and though
ho could not ho assured positively of the
safety of his children, bccaoso many of such
little ones had lost their relatives, and their
names were not known, ho felt that this
glimmer of hope was left.
Can’t I go on board the vessel and see x
pleaded Peterson.
No, that cannot be.”
“Well, Doctor (and bere the stony look
came back to bis face), I must go home to
Now Haven to-night won’t yon telegraph
me all about my wife and little ones I”
1 will at onoo so soon as I find out”
That’s a good man; and do all you can
for me, will yon. Doctor!”
I certainly shall,” kindly returned the
DopntyHealtn Officer.
AudPoterscn went out into the cold and
the rain and the gale, sick, sad, perhaps with
outwife and children; hut ho was brave.
Other distressing incidents to the number
°f scores might be related; hut one or two
will suffice to show the suffering and sorrow
of this unfortunate vessel. Peter Stoles,
aged 54; Dorothea, his wife, aged 57, and
their son Perdinond, aged 16—the latter se
nously ill—were sent to tho West Rank on
Monday, and behind them were left five
others, children of hothsexes, and too young
to take care of themselves. Wives have been
separated from husbands, and brothers srom
sisters, this tearing asunder the members of
families being almost as rough as death, in
many instances, to tho poor strangers in a
strange land.
THE PAPAL ALLOCUTION.
The Pope Give* n» View* on the Recent
nibrciucnta forßefonn in the Chnrch and
the Relations with Italy.
The following is a translation of tho Allo
cution delivered by Pope Pius IX. in the
Secret Consistory held on the 27th of Octo
ber;
tiN’eUable Brethren: Wo have called
together your venerable college •without the
solemnity of the accustomed ceremonies, in
order to acquaint yon, having regard to the
gravity 9f the matter with what we have de
creed, with a view to provide forthespiritual
wants of the Christian people of Italy. It is
not necessary, venerable brethren, that we
should remind you on this occasion of that
which wo hive several times' deplored'in our
allocutions or in our eucyolicalletters sent to
all the Bishops. That has been so well under
stood and so studied by all, that it is
impossible, without the-grossest shameless
ness, to deny, or to attempt to offer an ex
cuse to dimmish their odious character, the
greatand cruel attempts which inthisunhap
py Italy have been solong and so persistently
directed against the Catholic Church and
this Apostolic See—attempts, which in this
occupied city, we are compelled together
with yourselves, to endure ami to witness, so
that we have a right to say with the Prophet
King, ‘*l have seen violence and strife in
the city. Day and night they go about upon
the walls; mischief also and sorrow arc in
the midst of it.” Truly, venerable, brethren,
we are already almost swallowed up in the
waves of that sea of tribulation, and yet we
refuse not—God strengthen our weakness
to endure still more for the right. Further,
wo are prepared to face death even with joy,
if it shall please the God of Mercy to accept
the sacrifice of this humble victim for the
peace and freedom of His Church.
i For a long period, however, among many
causes for sorrow, one of the most serious for
jus has been the vacancy of so many sees
which, in unfortunate Italy, are deprived of
the guardianship of their pastors, whence
arises that want of spiritual assistance, from j
1 which the faithful are suffering in this un
happy state of things and times. But, as
this necessity has assumed an nfgent char
acter, the charity of Jesus Christ impelling
us, we can no longer abstain from‘making
1 provision. After having passed in review
the great number of sees vacant in the most
extensive provinces of Italy, which now
hardly possess two or three Bishops; after
having considered the violence of tno long
continued persecution which- afflicts the
Church, auu the efforts of impious men to
extirpate the Catholic faith from the hearts
lof Italians; after having considered the
dangers of those great disturbances
1 which were a danger even to civil society,
we have deemed it not to bo possible longer
to defer the succor which we have brought
I to the extent of our power to our dear sous
the faithful of Italy. Their complaints
I while they groaned under thelr deprivation
have often reached us. It was time to place
at their head Bishops of approved virtues,
who, devoting themselves entirely to the
glory of God and the salva.ion of souls,
would bring in aid of these objects all their
efforts and all their zeal. Wo therefore to
day appoint Bishops to some of the widowed
churches of Italy, and wc defer the nomina
tion of others for a very short time, being
persuaded that Ho who has intrusted us with
authority, and traced out our course, will, m
His infinite mercy, bless and assist our efforts
i undertaken with the sole object of the salva
tion of sonls after having removed all the
i difficulties which might be opposed to the ful
fillment of our ministry.
At the same time, wc protest before tuc
whole. Church that we absolutely reject the
bonds which arc offered us under the name
of guarantees, as wo have distinctly declared
in our encyclical letters of May 15 of the
present year. We declare openly that m the
exercise of the extensive powers of pur apos
tolate wo put in force our authority which is
intrusted to us by Him who is the Pnnce of
Pastors and the Bishop of our Souls—that is,,
an authority which Jesus Christ himself has
remitted to us in tho person of the blessed
Peter, from whom has proceeded—to use tno
expression of our predecessor Innocent—the
episcopacy and all authority under that title.
Upon this occasion wc cannot pass over si
lently the impious temerity and perversity
of some who in another country or Europe,
departing miserably from the rule and com
munion of tboCatbollc Church, openly attack
cither by books filled with errors and all
kinds of falsehoods, or by sacrilegious 1
associations, the authority of the very sacred i
Council of tho Vatican, as also the verities
of faith declared and defined by it—among
others, the supremo authority within tho ju
risdiction which the Homan Pontiff, successor
to the blessed Peter, enjoys over tho whole
Church by the will of Goa, and also the pre
rogative of infallibility which distinguishes
him in the fulfilment of his functions as pas
tor and supremo teacher of the faithful, m
order that no may define to them truths re-1
lating to faith and morals; and it is for that
reason that tho sons of perdition excite i
against the Catholic Church tho persecution 1
of secular powers, endeavor fraudulently to
persuade them that tho doctrine oi the
Church has been changed by tho decrees of
the Council of tho Vatican, and that from
them has arisen a serious danger for the State
itself as well as for civil society. Can any
thing more wicked or more absurd, venerable
brethren, ho imagined than these calumnies T
It is, however, much to ho deplored that ui
one country tho Ministers of State them
selves, misled by these lamentable misrepre
sentations, and not considering tbo outrage
done to tho feelings of tho faithful, have not
hesitated to give, open encouragement to
i these sectaries, and, by showing them favor,
to confirm them in their rebellion. In thus
offering now our lamentations briefly and
succinctly, we at tho same time admit tout
Iwo owe well-merited praise to tho distin-
I guished bishops of that country, among
I whom we may specially mention our vener
able brother, the Archbishop of Munich, who
liu this strange disturbance of men’s minds
1 are by their pastoral zeal, their admirable
courage, and their remarkable writings, de-
I fending with so much success tho cause of
I truth against these attacks: and we attribute
a portion of this praise to the eminent piety
and irligious feeling of tho whole body of the
clergy and of tho faithful, who, under
tho protection of God, eagerly respond
to the real of their pastors. Venerable breth
ren direct your thoughts and the innermost
wishes of your heart to that source whence
alouo can proceed tho needful help. Cease
not by day or night to appeal to ttemcrci
ful God, that through the merits of His bon
Jesus Christ he may enlighten the minds of
wanderers, so that, seeuiß the danger o£
their course, they may bo led to think upon
i their eternal salvation, and abundantly
I bestow upon His Church in this grave cou
met the spirit of strength and zeal: that He
mav deign to hasten for them by the ollenug
of holi- works, by the worthy fruits of faith,
and tho sacrifices of justice, the hoped for
days of propitiation, after the destruction of
these errors and these calamities; and, the
reign of justice «nd peace being restored,
it may render to His majesty tho sacrifices of
thanksgivingand praise which are His due.
The New Fcabligo.
The Marinette Eagle of tho 4fch has the fpi
lowing in reference to operations in rebuild
ing Pcshtigo:
The store, as it was formerly, is to be im
tucdiatelv rebuilt upon tbo old site, and the
contract is already let to J. J. McGillis, Esq.,
architect, of ilariuctto.
The water saw-mill is to bo rebuilt this
winter, but located on tbo west instead of
i the east side of the river.
I The company's railroad track is being rc
i laid and the road thoroughly repaired, so that
the cars will he running into town, the same
as before the fire, early next week.
1 A now portable SO-horso power engine and
boiler has been purchased, and is now on the
way. This is to bo used tho present winter.
I with which to mu tho new grist miU, the
1 machine shop and tho planing mill that are
to bo rebuilt immediately, upon, the old site.
In tho spring the water power willl he used
i to operate this machinery, and the engine
will be used for other purposes.
Two of the dry houses were found, by ex
amination, to bo in a condition for use with
but little repairs to tho masonry. This will
bo used to season lumber for byilding pur
poses.
Ten or fifteen dwellings will bo erected
by the company, for its employes, immedi
ately.
Tho bride across the river has been rebuilt,,
and teams are now crossing noon it.
As we have before remaraed, 50,000,000 feet
of .logs will bo cut this winter by the compa
ny, and perhaps 73,000.000. It is the intention
or the company to save all the burnt pino if
possible. They are hiring all tbo men and
teams for logging purposes they can get.
Beside the structures mentioned, the
Wooden Ware Factory will bo rebuilt next
season. An examination shows the boilers
unhurt, and the engine so little damaged
that it can easily bo repaired. These were
in a “fire-proof structure, or at leastrinouo
which "was considered proof against all ordi
nary fires.
I Ox barns, horse barns, sheds, warehouses,
I and all other buildings necessary to the suc
cessful operation of the companyls business
are being erected, and the old time life, bus
tle, energy, and business] activity of this
I beautifulDUt fated village, are fast assuming
I their'wonted channels.
CHICAGO.
BY J. G. WIUTtIEK.
Men said at vespers: All is well!
In one wild night the city tell;
Fell shrines of prayer and marts of gain
Before the fiery hurricane.
On threescore spires had sunset shone.
Where ghastly sunrise looked on none;
Men clasped each other's hands, aud raid
The City of the West is dead!
Brave hearts who fought, lu alow retreat,
Tho fiends of fire from street to street.
Turned, powerless, to tho blinding glare.
The dumb defiance of despair.
A sudden impulse thrilled each wire
That signaled round that sea of fire;
Swift words of cheer, warm heart-throbs came;
In tears of pity died the flame 1
From East, from West, from South, and North,
The messages of hope shot forth.
And, underneath the severing wave,
The world, full handed, reached to save.
Fair seemed the old; but fairer still
Tho new the dreary void shall till.
With dearer homes than those o’erthrown,
For love shall lay each corner-stone.
Rise, stricken city!—from thee throw
The ashen sackcloth of thy woe;
And build, as Tbcbcs to Ampbion's strain,
To songs of cheer thy walls again
How shriveled. In thy hot distress,
The primal sin of selfishness!
How instant rose, to take thy part,
The angel In the human heart I
Ah! not In vain the flames that tossed
Above thy dreadful holocaust;
The Christ again has preached through thee
The gospel of humanity!
Then lift once more thy towers on high,
And fret with spires the Western sky,
To tell that God is yet with us,
And love is still miraculousl
•Atlantic for December.
GLimCEB’S PICTUBE-DBEAM.
From the Overland Monthly tor Kovcmbcr.
“You have heard the news, of coarse?
Coniine so unexpectedly* it has affected me
almost dike the loss of a personal friend.”
The speaker was my fellow-lodger, Mr.
Frederick Glimmer, theatrical and musical
critic for one of the Sunday papers* transla
tor and adapter of plays for the minor thea
tres, and writer of talcs and sketches for
such of the weekly journals as afforded a
market for these literary wares. In Ins more
misanthropic moods, which not infre
quent, ho was wont to allude to himself with
cynical bitterness, or possibly an affectation
of it, as “a slave of the lamp," “newspa
per drudge," “a wretch sentenced for life to
the journalistic tread mill," etc.; seeming to
derive a gloomy satisfaction from contem
plating luniself in the pathetic character of
a victim of the hardheartedness of publish
ers and the tyranny of capital.
On the present occasion, he had dropped
into my room for a half-hour’s gossip before
bed-time, as he often did, on his return from
the theatre, if he saw my light still burning.
I bud been out of the city for several days,
aud bad but just arrived at my rooms, after
being in the saddle since morning. During
my absence, I had not seen a newspaper, and
since setting out on my return, I had scarcely
exchanged a dozen words with any civilized
being. How should 1 have heal'd the news T
X general European war might have broken
out, without my being any the wiser. I was
still busied in removing the traces of travel
from my person and clothing, when Glimmer
entered. Looking up ou hearing his question,
and noting the unaccustomed seriousness of
his countenance aud manner, I asked the na
ture of the nows to which ho referred.
“Dickens is dead,” ho replied, speaking
with a degree of agitation, which I after
ward understood, though it puzzled mo at
the time. “Ho w* t off in precisely the
same way as Thac ray,” ho added, laying
the evening paper ax my table. Cerebral
apoplexy m both cases. Like him, too, he
left what promised to bo his greatest
novel unfinished. Wo shall never have the
true solution of ‘The Mystery of Edwin
Brood.’”
Taking the paper, I glanced at the tele
graphic column, and read tho confirmation
of the sad intelligence. The greatest story
teller of our time had keen smnrnoucd from
his work at a moment's notice. The fertile
brain that had peopled the realm of imagina
tion with so many delightful creations was
at rest forever. tl
I read tho brief despatchonce more. >Thy
do you sav it was cerebral apoplexy?” I
asked. “There are no particulars here/ 7
Glimmer scorned somewhat disconcerted
for a moment. Recovering himself, however,
ho replied, with a mysterious air, that he un
derstood tho nature of tho case. It was
just Thackeray’s case overagain. Thosymp-,
toms clearly indicated cerebral apoplexy.
But there are no symptoms given.” I re
torted, somewhat impatiently; there is
nothing bnt the bare fact of the death.
All tho circumstances of tho case sustain
my theory,” persisted my companion, exhibit
ing a singular mixture of confusion and dog
matism in his manner as well as in his lan
guage* “Yon may call it pavaly.ste of the
brain, if you plcaso: I choose to call it cere
bral apoplexy. It’s all tho same thing, i
What’s lu anamo I ought to understand it,,
for I’ve made a special study of it—read no
end of medical books on the subject. It’s the
way I’m going oft* myself. Fact is, Fin liable
to stop out at auy moment, aud only hold on
up to this time by a mere concentrated eflort
of will.” _
I eyed the speaker narrowly, ui doubt
whether ho had lost his modicum of wits, or
had been indulging in too frequent potations
during the evening. Ho divined my though®,
and, shaking his head,* said, with a melan
choly smile:
So, I am neither mad nor intoxicated.
speak positively, because I have given much
study and thought to the subject. You re
member how Thackeray died, while working
hard ou his Dennis Duval You remember
that ho went to bed perfectly well and was
found dead in the morning, having breathed
his last at 5 o’clock, or just before day
break?”
“I know that ho retired (at least it was so
reported), to all appearance, in his usual
health, and that ho died during the night.,
But I am not aware that it has over been as
certained, or that there were any means of
ascertaining, at what hour he passed away,
inasmuch as no one occupied the room with
him, or saw him during the interval between
retiring and being found dead at a late hour
in the forenoon.”
“I will explain to you at some other
time,” returned Gummor, with the same dog
matic and mysterious air as before, “bow it
is that Lam able to fix tho hour of his
death, I will merely ask you if
you evemave picture dreams,”
I told him that I did not oven understand
wlmt ho meant by tho expression.
«I trust.” ho resumed, with much solemni
ty. “that it may be long before you will
learn what they are from your own experi
ence. But that explanation, too. I must re-
I serve until another occasion: for I am at this
moment conscious of certain symptoms
'which warn me that, unless I retire snecdi-|
I ly, I shall not ho able to sleep at all until i
near morning; in which case I shall myself
be in danger of one of those fatal visions, m
the midst of whose sinister beauty Thack-1
i erav and Dickens passed away,”
Having delivered himself of this incoin-
I prebeusiblo si»ccch, bo bade mo good-night
and departed, leaving mo in grave doubt as
to whether it would not bo my first doty in
the morning to present bis case to the Com
nnssioners of Lunacy.
j l saw no more of my fellow-lodger for
1 nearly a week after this conversation. It
had quite passed from myrecollectiou, when,
ouo Saturday night, I heard a tap at my door,
which lat once recognized, as his. As he en
tered, in compliance with my invitation, I
saw that he looked qo less gloomy than at
our last interview.
i Panl, old fellow,” ho said, I want your
opinion on a question of casuistry J?
“A question of casuistryf” 1 answered,
looking up from my writing, in some anr
“Prcciselv.” returned my visitor; “but one
that is purely abstract in its character. Still,
it interests mo, audl want to got your judg
ment on it.”
“Such discussions qro ratnee out of my
line.” I said. I never studied at tho Sor
honne, and do not oven possess tho parch
ment of a Yankee theological seminary. But
i if you choose to make mo yonf father-confes
sor, you shall have tho benefit of such ethical
perspicacity as I am possessed of.”
Pshaw I exclaimed GUnmicr.tnervonsly.
I I’m not in the confessional. Didn’t I assure
i vou that tho case is a hypothetical one T»”
1 I told him—not, I fear, without some unin
tentional show of impatience—to go on
land state his question. Ho seemed hurt
at my manner; but, beyond a half-dcpte
catiug. half-reproachful glance, ho took no
I notice of it. Placing his feet on the front
i round of his chair, and embracing his knees
1 with his clasped bands—his favorite attitude
i when about to enter upon any subject which
ho deemed of more than ordinary importance
i —ho sat, slowly swaying hia head backward
I and forward, with an air of profound reflcc
i tiou.
“This is tho point,”he said, after a mo
imont’s silence, speaking in a low tone, and
I without lifting his eyes: “If a man nna him
i self in imminent peril of death (without his
own complicity or procurement, mind you),!
i and* has it in ms power to save his Ufo uy;
i making an effort, is he to ho held chargeable
with the guilt of suicide iu case ho declines
,to make
i purely an abstract and hypothetical one, you
i will remember—on which Bwant your judg-1
exaggerated solemnity of Glimmer’s
manner ana voice, as ho stated this preposter-
oua case of conscience, appealed so forcibly to
mv sense of the ludicrous, that I experienced
no small difficulty iu reatrainingmylaughter.
X could not help thinking that the argument
,of the two clowns in Hamlet on the thesis;
“Is she to he buried in Christian burial that
wilfully seeks her own salvation t” and, for
an instant a parody on the sage conclusion,
Axgal>he {hat is not guilty -of. Ida-own
NUMBER 104;
death, shortencth not hia own life,** wasr'cm*
the tip of my tongue, I am very, glad now
that 1 did not yield to the temptation to ’in
dulge in any sach pleasantry.
As soon as I felt that I had recovered suffi
cient command of my faoial muscles to trust
myself to speak without danger of an explo
sion, I repliedwith suitable gravity, suggest
ing, as on analogy .calculated to throw some
light upon the question;* the case of a man
who stands by and secs a murder done which
he could have prevented if ho had chosen.
I don’t know," said Glimmer, after au in
terval of thoughtful sileuco, “what it would
be before an earthly tribunal. I can’t say
whether an indictment could ho framed upon
it as murder, or manslaughter, or homicide,
at common law, or under the criminal stat
utes. But Tvs no doubt whatever that, in
forv conscicnticr, the spectator in the case you
supx>ose would bo guilty of murder, as uar
iiceps criminte, on tho legal principle that he
who has it in his power to prevent an act,
and docs not. consents to it.”
“Does not tho same principle furnish a so-
lotion of your question of casuistry t ’l!
asked. I
He uttered a sound between a sigh and a
groan, and said ho didn’t see clearly how he
could get round that wav of puttiugit. Then,
after sitting a few minutes with his head in
his hands, ue looked up, and abruptly added:
.“I think I promised you, some evenings
since, to explain my reason for insisting that
Thackeray and Dickens passed away at about’
0 o’clock m the mopniug?
I nodded assent, and ho proceeded:
“You have heard of tho old-womanish tra
dition, that dying men find it easier to shake
oft the bondage of the tlesh at tho going out
of the tide. Medical experience proves, that,
m chronic diseases, tho greater number of;
deaths occur just before dawn. This is cmi-1
uently true of braiu diseases, and of all those I
related oases where death results from an ox
-1 baustion of tho vital power, through ovor
work, excessive excitement, or nervous pros
l tration. It is at tho hour I have named that
i tho life-foreo is ;at its lowest ebb, and suc
cumbs most readily to tho assault of opilejßv,
or paralysis, or of the fatal lethargy that
comes in those vividly beautiful picture
dreams, for which medical science has as yet
found no name, and of which it has taken uo
sufficient cognizance. Nine-tenths of those
who dio in this way expire in their sleep, lu
many cases, if a friend were at hand to
waken tho sleeper when tho attack comes on,
or if ho were to be awakened by some acci
dental noise, he might, by tho use of a
few simple precautions, prolong his life
for many years; for the shock which proves
fatalto the man wrapped in deep sleep, when
the system is passive and relaxed, would bo
victoriously repelled were it armed with all
its waking energies. Men who do brain
work, and who nro on the shady side of for
ty, should be on their guard against this in
sidious enemy. They beware of 5
o’clock n. in., for it is a perilous hour. Do
you hud. yourself unable to sleep, when you
retire for tho night, exhausted with your
day’s work! Do you, in vain, turn from one
side to tho other! Does youi brain persist
in working when you would fain have it
rest Do old saws and scraps of rhyme, re
peat themselves in yonrmemory with weari
some iteration, defying vonr utmost efforts
to silence them Thou, I sav to yon. beware!
You will he sure to sleep at last. It is only a
question of time; for, soon or late. Nature
will assert her rights. The boll tolls
one, and your braiu is still feverish and
restless; it is still active, and fertile with
thronging fancies that never come by the
ibroad light of day. Two! and your eyelids
are not yet weighed down by sleep. Three!
I and you are now composing a story or a
I poem, which yon know will have faded from
yonr memory* in tho morning. as frost-work
on tho pane vanishes at the rising of the sun.
You long for same mental telegraph by which
these bright conceptions might ue arrested
in their flight—for some photographic pro
cess by which they might be seized and pre
served. Four! and now, at last, you feel
tho drowsy spell creeping over you. You
can sleep now, if you will but surrender
yourself to tho influence that is scaling yonr
eyes and numbing your senses. But, be
ware I Tho fatal hour of deficient vitality is
at hand. Sleep now is fraught with deadly
peril. Since you have been wakeful so long,
it is wiser and safer to protract yonr vigil
until the shadows of night shall have been
chased awuy, and tho golden wpou your
casement, and the golden streaks upon your
walls, announce that tho life-sustaining sonl
of Nature Ims dispelled the shadows, and is
again renovating tho vital forces of all aui
mate things. Then you may sleep in safety:
but, if you yield now. there is danger that
yon may never wake.’’
1 stared at Glimmer in blank amazement,
as he poured forth this strange rhapsody, in
a monotonous chant, beating time with his
bead to tho measured cadence of his voice.
"Whatever lingering doubt I may have had,
up to this time, in regard to his mental con
dition, was now resolved.
“And you don’t know,” he resumed, alter a
moment s pause, what 1 moan by‘pictnrc
dreams.’ I will tell you. Among the earlier
symptoms of cerebral disease is tho occur
rence of dreams in which the moat vivid and
beautiful pictures of natural sceueiy are pre
sented to t lie vision of tho sleeper. Scenes
more lovely than painter or poet ever por- j
trayed, landscapes bathed in the light thas
never shone on land or sea.’ pass in panorani- 1
ic show, as distinct in outline, as aellnito in
color. ;us any that the waking eye ever 1
rested upon. These picture-dreams dif- 1
for from the normal dreams ef
health in this; there is nothing
I vague or confused about them, nothing that,
[wavers and fades us yon gaze. Gradually
1 the dreamer is impressed with the unearthly
beauty of tho scene, and the suspicion dawns
upon film that ho is dreaming. But at the
same time ho becomes conscious that ho has
the power of election wheueverho will awoke
or prolong his dream. If the experience is
novel to him, and he has not yet learned to
suspect tho deadly peril of the situation, he
declines the effort of volition necessary to
dispel tho lovely illusion, and briug himself
back to the world of phenomena which wo
call real.’ As he yields himself to the spell;
his power to break it diminishes and the
I consciousness that ho is dreaming is lost
in the reality of the vision. Such is
the hegiuniug of tho ‘picture dream,’
to which the majority of brain
workers who overtax themselves,
i become liable at about the ago of forty-live.
What is the end of it? Suddenly tho shining
river and tho supernal landscape are over
-1 shadowed by storm-clouds, and enveloped in
I gloom Your dream is pervaded by a dim at-
I mosphere of horror.' Black, bottomless gulfs
1 yawn at your feet, or you stand trembling at
the verge of dizzy heights, or gigantic ogres
of hideous aspect pursue yon. Tho shadows
thicken around and over tho landscape of
your dream. Do you know what that moans?
It means that the vital force is succumbing.
It means that tho last enemy is grappling
with you. It means that unless yon arouse
yourself now by a mighty effort of the will,
vou will never wake, f*r these picture
dreams are tho avant-courriere of Death.’’
Aud you make so much «f a nightmare,
Isold, **whcu wo know that a late supper,
or a lit of indigestion may produce it Why
do vou not write a dream-book
“‘Sneer as you may,” returned he. “such a
book, written from a philosophical stand-
Eoint, would bo a valuable contribution to
uman knowledge. Do you remember the
sayiug of Erasmus: Somnia sunt alia dicina,
aiio alatafieo, alia nahiralia’—some dreams
come from God, some from the devil, some
from natural causes? Resolving- the first
two categories iuto the last, and interpreting I
‘natural causes’in tho widest sense, the
apothegm of Erasmus is substantially equiv
alent to that of Goithe, which declares that
our dreams hare a certain connection with j
our spiritual and physical condition, our
character, aud *our destiny. But the phe
nomenon, which I have described to yon. is
not a nightmare, which has its scat in a dis
ordered stomach; whereas, tho picture
dream results from an overtaxed or softening
brain.”
I had perceived, for some time past, that
Glimmer, who was naturally of a vivacious
and sanguine temperament, seemed to he
steadily sinking into a state of morbid dejec
tion. This I attributed mainly to the chagrin
and disappointment caused by the rejection
of a tragedy—or, more properly speaking, a
tragic melodrama—whienhe hud ottered, some
months before, to the management ,of our
principal theatre. Ho had bestowed great
pains upon this play, and hod based upon it
expectations of tho most extravagant charac
ter. Nothing could shake his confidence that
it would prove a tremendous success; and tho
copyright of it was to make his fortune. His
Elan was,,to allow it to be first brought out
ero; after which, armed with tho splendid
notices which it would receive from an in
telligent and appreciative press, he would
take it East, and command bis own terms
from rival managers, eagerly competing for
the privilege of producing it. When, after i
months of labor, the finishing touches hadl
been laid on. and Glimmer waited upon the
manager with bis manuscript, the Matter up- 1
clincdevcntoread.it, and, when urged to
glance over the first act, replied by recom
mending the author to “take uto the melo
deon he had been accustomed to scribble
for.” On applying to another manager, ho
was courteously received, with the promise
that his manuscript should be read and
passed upon in a lew days. At the end of
two months, he was informed that the piece
I would not be “a taking one; that it hadn’t
enough “business in it;” that it wasn’t suited
to the company, and that it would cost an
enormous sum to bring it ont. When Glim
mer suggested tho possibility of making such
alterations as would remedy these difficul
ties, tho maunager shook his head and frank
ly declared that he saw no available material
in it. This was a terrible blow, from the
effect of which the mortified author had
never recovered. Ho was a changed map,
from that day tho buoyancy of hjs spirit,
which had sustained him under many similar
rebuffs, seemed to bo,- at Iwt,’exhausted..
He grew ton years older, in a week, ana
sank gradually into a condition of chip nip
despondency, the '-worst feature, of which
was its quiet meekness. beheve. how
over, that he,still, retained .sufficient elas
ticity to recover from too effect
pointment. Perhaps I should exprfcss my-
self more accurately ■were I to soy I believe
hia character too volatile-to.aduut.of .lus re-
Reiving aTTaatin g impressioirfroinranTOCcur
rence of this kind, however painful at the
time. My knowledge of medical science was
not sufficient to inform rao whether there
.'im
was, in fact, any form of cerebral disease
characterized by the symptoinafifl described;
hut 1 had little uoubt that his notions in re*
gard^to^-what 1 he- ‘Called picture-dreams”
were merely fanciful, and that his singular
disposition to dwell upon the subject result
ed from a morbid condition of mind, which
•y
woaldsoon pass away.
In order to change the subject, X asked him
what he was working upon.
“Nothing.” ho replied, “but my regular
weekly drudgery i neverattempt any
thing more ambitious.”
“And all because a prejudiced manager re
fused to read your play,” I said.
“Ybirfonretthe other manager, who read
it, and declined it. And I think ho wasright.
I perceive, now, that the-play is a failure,”
he added,-withraUlgh: “andAwhafc- is more,
that I am myself a complete failure, fetrange,
that I.should have been,so -long indisciiver
ing it; but it is well to awaken from vain il
lusious, even so tardily* .To- know the sober
truth_abont ourselves,Js_wholesonie, how
ever painful.”"
“\ou aro taking credit to yourself for
simply giving way to a morbid mood,” I
said. Those two managers do not consti
tute a tribunal of a final appeal on literary
questions. Send your play to New York, be
fore you renounce your own judgment in
favor of your churlish critic.”
“Their judgment has become mine,” ho
persisted. “My eyes are opened, and now
see clearly, though too late, that X made
a fatal blunder when I entered upon
a literary career. I had no vocation
to it. After pottering away twenfev
years of my life, what have I
accomplished? Certainly nothing that I
can recall with complacency. The truth is.
that I mistook aspiration foe the power of
achievement, and rashly inferred that, be
cause I possessed the taste and sensibility
requisite to a vivid appreciation of genius, X
must be a genius myself.”
This spirit of sad resignation seemedto mo
a more alarming symptom than any 1 had
yet witnessed. Hadhe asserted himself,.and
railed against his critics; had he complained
of lack ox appreciation, as ho had used to do.
uud talked confidently of what bo would
yet accomplish, his case would have seemed
more hopeful. But a broken spirit admits of
no cure.
On tlio Sunday mornmg succeeding this
conversation I slept late, and it was half
past 10 o’clock when 1 issued from my room.
As I stepped into the hall, I saw a young
man rapping at Glimmer’s door. 1 had neard.
the sound twice before, while engaged in
completing my toilet, and I now recognized
in tno person knocking a friend of Glim
mer’s who was in the hooit of calling for him
occasionally of a morning, to accompanyjiim
to breakfast.
‘•Can you tell me,” he asked,
Mr. Glimmer has gone out t 7l
I replied that X had not heard him: and
paused, at the head of the stairs, while ho
knocked again. There was no answer. Wo
looked at each other a moment, in grave
silence.
Ho never turns bis key in tho lock,” I
said; *“you had hotter look in.” He hesi
tated. 1 advanced, and, opening the door
gently, entered tbo room.
“He is not awake yet,” said his friend,
who had followed me. Wo had better let
him sleep, for he was up very late last night,
and was in very poor spirits; rest will do
him good.”
Uo was lying on his left side, with his face
turned toward us, perfectly still. I listened
a moment, but could not hear his breathing.
1 approached the bed, and could look at him
attentively. His countenance wore a more
calm ana restful look than. 1 had
over seen there. Tho shadow of
a smile lingered around the slight
ly parted lips, and gave to tho mouth
an chin an expression suggestive of a weary
acknowledgement of weakness and an ap
peal for the charitable judgment of tbo
strong.
His right arm drooped ovor the side of tho
bed, from beneath the coverlet. I was about
to touch the wrist, when my eyes fell upon a
scrap of paper on tho small table at tho head
of the bed, on which I sawmy name, in large
large characters. It ran thus
Dear Old Paul; I rise to scrawl these few
lines, to prevent misapprehension in case any
thing should happen to me. Von remember our
last conversation, and I want to have you un
derstand that I distinctly agree with you. I have
had a bad night, and now feel that I shall sleep
at last. I feel, too, I cannot honestly say I fear)
that I shall have a picture-dream. In that case.
I shall endeavor to arouse myself at the first pre
monition of danger. This is written that your re
membrance of me may not bo clouded by a hate
ful suspicion. I feel deliciously drowsy, and so
peaceful! Is there any thing sweeter than rest to
the weary 1 Yours, P. G.“
I laid my hand upon tho forehead, and
fonud it cold. 1 felt his wrist, and it was
P1 ‘‘Poorfollo"' ms menu, inmming
iw uih Handkerchief, 4 what a feverish, un
satisfactory life ho had of it T
Happy sleeper !*’l said to myself, as I
glanced once more at tho countenance, so ex
pressive of restful content; “he has his
wish. Ho is not to he pitied.”
From tho Sew York World.'Nov. i 5.
The smoko from tho smouldering embers
of Chicago has hardly been dissipated when
there comes from beyond tho water intelli
gence that another “City of the Lake” has
all but suffered tho fate of its American sis
ter, to which it bears so close a resemblance.
Genova, if not as complete a waste as Chi
cago, has so narrowly escaped it as to afford
almost a parallel to our unparalleled calami
ty. Private despatches received hero yes
terday describe tho city as still at tho mercy
of the flames, and the citizens, although reso
lute, appalled by a disaster which Europe is
little prepared to meet. Some of tho finest
quarters of tho citv have been destroyed, in
cluding its Sherman and Trcmont Houses.
Tho full extent of tho calamity has not yet.
been ascertained, and cannot no estimated
for sonic days.
Fortunately Genova offers natural barriers
to the iirogress of the lianics which will
likely take away from the extent of the dis
aster. It is situated on tho slopes of two
hills which are divided by the Rhone, which
lin its course from tho lake forms two
islands, on one of which a portion of tho
town is built. On tho other of these islands
isahandsomo promenade. Tho islands and
the two principal parts of tho city are con
nected with a tine suspension bridge. Tho
streets are wide and spacious.. Tho public
buildings include tho Catholic Cathedral
(Mgr. Slcmiillods). tho Hotel do Villo, tho
University (founded by Calvin and Beza),
the Hotel do la Conronno (which has been
burnt), tho Hotel do VEcu, tho museums of
art and natural history, the public library,
containing 30,000 volumes, and mauy
valuable manuscripts. Tho largest sec
-1 tiou of tho city is on the left bank
of tho river. The Quartier do St. Gervais,
on tho right bank, is tho seat of tho manu
factures and the residences of tho humbler
classes. Tho Quarticr des Cargoes is tho
fashionable section. Tho manufactures of
tho town are world famous. The population
of the canton of which it is tho capital is
about 01.000, Including 51,000 Protestants,
20,000 Catholics, and a few hundred Jews.
If it were admissible to trace a historical
or social contrast between a city which has a
history older than tho Christian era, as well
as social surroundings long established and
widely connected, and a mushroom city of
yesterday, wit h its society in a metamorphie
if not a wholly chaotic condition, it would
uot bo difficult to discover many points of re
semblance between tho centre of Swiss com
mercial and mental activity and the great
commercial centre of tho West, beside tho
facts that both arc cities of tho lakes, and
that both have suffered from that enemy
which both, of all other cities existing,
should havobeenbest prepared to fight.
Few towns of Europe have a more intercst
-1 ing or varied history than this city, which;
ha ring passed through so mauy trials, now
undergoes tho ordeal of fire. A hundred
names rise to tho lips when Genova is men
-1 tioned—names famous in letters, in arms, in
criticism, diplomacy, politics, and theology,
saints and sinners, heresiarchs and martyrs,
Sredcstinarians and latitndinarians, ortho
ox believers and incorrigible skeptics, re
-1 formers and believers in Rome, iafallibilists
and haters of tho Scarlet Lady, friends of
imperialism and admirers of a universal re
public, members of tho Peace Society and
comc-outers of all kinds,by no means forget
ting tho arbitrators of tho little trouble be
tween these States and Great Britain. Gen
eva is not a town of last week, or of the month
of October. In the second century before
Christ it was of sufficient importance to at
tract the attention of Rome—the legions of
which made it their own—and over since.
Romo, Pagan and Papal, has had its eyes on
this important centre—political, commercial,
social, and religious. Of tho stormy history
of this capital during all tho period from tho
days of Charlemagne down to the Reforma
tion and thence to-day almost everyona
knows something. In war it has become tho
object of attack of tho German, tho Italian,
and tho Gaul, and with varying fortune it
has generally returned to its old love—a re
publican form of government and politi
cal association with Switzerland.
In religion 'it has been a cen
tral' point of the light between Cal
vinism and Catholicism, and at the pres
ent day this fight is carried on with as great
bitterness as in tho days of the Prince
Bishops and Calvin and William Farel.
Merle d’Aubigne on one side and Mgr. Mer
millod on tho other are fair types of tho con
test in which they are so eminent leaders.
It is a.curious incident of this quarrel that,
the most accurate and tho earliest news of
Romo and of Catholicism is new to be ob
tained through the agencies of this capital
of Calvinism and free thought.
Of the great names whom business or leis
ure have associated with this city and tho
delightful region that surrounds it, mention
may ho made of Francis of Sales, Calvin,
Jeon Jacques Rousseau, Beza, Madame do
Stael, Voltaire, Gibbon. Merle d’Anbigne.
Menuillod, Byron, Shelley, John Knox—who
’was enrolled a citizen of Geneva—Xecxer on r
own statesmen Gallatin, Beranger, Casanbon,
Maria Louise,. Josephmo. Sir Humphrey
Daw SismouoJ» and Dnmont» and the enu-
Sent scientific scholars Do Luc, Do Saussure,
Bonnet, Huher, and Do Candolle.
It may ho mentioned as a curious fact in
the history of immigration that, while tho
Irish have emigrated from their homes to all
parts of tho world, the Gcnovois wereonco
anxious to colonize portions of Ireland. In
1783 a thousand of them applied to the Irish
Pariiament for permission and assistance to
settle in the Green Isle. Both were granted—
the aid to the extent of £3o,ooo—and in 17SS
an advance-guard invaded Waterford to
found hew Geneva. They.spent £30,000 and
abandoned the scheme.
whether
4:15 a. m.
THE SWISS CHICAGO.
;d