Morning Republican.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE STATE.
LITTLE
1 i
LOCK, ARK ANSAS, SATURDAY MORNING, OCTORER 21,1871.
VOLUME 5, NUMBER 136.
DAILY republican,
every murninir (exempt Sun,lay) by
pIt>r'E <5c McCLURE,
ISO PROPRIETORS.
rowl'""'*" r/inimnniealions shoubl be »,l,lrc.«;,
iKFK-'B,_Northeast corner or Markham am!
ijHibismi >1 rents._
TERMS:
,,„e royr one month fin a.lranec) ft
V. one yenr .1U w
ainylc copiev 11
RATES OF ADVERTISING:
«,,M«re of eiRht line., or its e,tuiv:ilent in
JJe. for, aeli insertion. »1. _
nSDALPHOA.
BY nitSRV W. LOHOFILI.OW
ii.ve you reatl In thoTnlnunl ol obi
in the leiren-* that Ktbbins tol l,
<)f the limitless realms of the air?
Have von rca«l it-the marvelous btm
of Sandalphon. the Angel of tilery,
Sandulphou, the Angel of Prayer,
How, erect, at the outermost gate
Of the City Celestial he waits,
With hi? feet on the ladder to light.
That, crowded with angei9 unnumbered
Uv Jacob, was seen, as he slumbered
Alone in the desert at night?
The Angels of Wind and of Fire,
Chant only one hymn, and expire
With the song’s irresistable stress
Expire in their rapture ami wonder,
harp strings are broken asunder
Bv the mu-ic they throb to express
But serene in the rapturous throng,
Unmoved bv the rush of the song.
With eves unimpassioned and slow.
Among the dead angels the death
Sandalphon stands listening b’cathle.-s
To souuds tiiat ascend from ln?low~
from the spirits on earth that adore
from the souls that entreat and implore
In the fienav and passion of prajer—
From the hearts that are broken with losses
And weary with dragging the crosses
Too heavy for mortals to bear
An<l he gathers the prayers as he stands.
And they plunge into Bowers in his hand-,
Into garlands of purple and red;
\n<\ liene^th the great arch of the portal.
Through the streets of the City Immortal,
Is wafted the fragrance the\ shed.
It is but a legend I know
A fable, a phantom, a show
Of the ancient Kabbinica' lore;
Vet the old medieval tradit ion
The beautiful, strange superstition.
But haunts me and holds me the mote
When I look from my window at night.
Ami the welkin atwive is all white.
All throbbing and panting with st.ii
Among them majestic is standing,
^andaiphon. the angel, expanding
His pinions in nebulous bar-,
And the legend I feel is apart
Of the hunger and thirst of the heart
The frenzv and Are of the t*rnin.
That grasps at tl.e fruitage forbidden.
The gold* 11 pomgranates of Kden,
To quiet its fever and pain
PICKED PH KI\«S.
Traffic by the Mont Cent* tunnel begin
Tuesday.
Tbere was one death in Charleston, S. C., Sat
urday from yellow fever.
Charles Moore, of New York, under $12 000
bail, as an emigrant swindler, has tied to Ku
Tbe schooner Emily CurtN, from Salem for
Alexandria, Is ashore on ttie inner middle Cape
Charles.
A meeting of the Republican alliance at St.
Etienne, France, was broken up by the police
Saturday.
Tbere was a $150,000 fire at Windsor, Onta
rio, on Wednesday night; secured in Canadian
companies.
Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton's oldest sen,
azfd twenty-six, is a member of the Louisiana
legislature.
A drummer Is the fastest man in the world,
because time beats all men. but a drummer
beats time.
Tbe Chinese residents of San Francisco have
donated the sum of $1,500 for tbe relief of the
Chicago sufferers.
Kaiser Bill Imprisoned a Silo-inn clergyman
for six months who ventured to speak di-re
spectfully of him.
John Stine, a prominent banker of Sin Frau*
and one of the California pioneer*, died
Saturday evening.
An inscription on a church bell in Milwau
kee reads: “In memory ol Minnie .f. Hodge-,
weight 724 pounds.”
Count Wochlnieister, minister of foreigi
aflalrs at Stockholm, dropped dead in the stree
Saturday of apoplexy.
fiotherniell'a picture of the battle of Oettv*
burg, valued at $20,000, was anted from de
•traction during the Chic igo tire.
"HuibaDd,I must have someebange to-day.’
"ell, stay at home und take care »r the chi!
Uren; that will be change enough.’’
There was a heavy fog on the Hud- n I lium
JmL n b several steamers came in contac
with each other, and one w as sunk.
••iLw rT^or*e<* lba* t,ie Wcntern Union Tele
mpanJ bai ®ff®cted a ban In Europe
Mfl wil> cancel four millions of stock.
JL*ft ®!!1,D{?8 ‘‘Never do any work be
h 7jea*fr*t* If It la necessary to work befori
breakfast, have your breakfast lir*t
*brow» huge atone at his wife’
ta.»k 0 be ear ape punishment on the plei
De 0Q,y meant to rock her to sleep?
win iH b?° #aid that Adam fa the only mar
bl* Wlfe "WWs mother’
P rlontv In her culinary accomplishments.
itati a!lenn*i,Lvtnla Republican* claim thattbi
,nrU* Iuwel*ht*en ^bousnnd Republican m«
t vo senators* 8*ln °f 8even representatives ant
wl,b a fen**n army, cr os set
house and *l R^bina. captured tbe custom
States troops*M b mtelf '•Ptured by finite*
Dro2?-d.7!ea>*d <!ame t0 bl" '*eath by 'be im
bv lhe Tora Taylor vfgi
“orSerT^ry the ver<U(t of a Nevadl
JHELPUyi' bo°'black to a wearer o
It for flv* boss, le*me black ver boots; d(
A'S." sn(1 w»™‘«
YorkMnVLW *?0hy Hmon* f*fcbloo»hle New
tbe Bide at*!1,L* k3 yreAT thermometer on
WetUroVrtiie. A v™«»
•PnkeofItD«J-fant (!,e* *n Indiana, they don’t
into heitv.n* '^ud <b*t w*<» transplanted
"seo,h,r* 'yru"
Mlcb., Sunday
w*“k II ••Homed that one million dollars’
•orth nf r loai ont‘ million dollars’
u5iw!lJKop7tJ w«» destroyed. On Ibla
met. n ^'^bty thousand dollars’ insur
hix°blrthlV»rf8 8#ys: “We read that Eaaw gold
hiiexir.vi!! for 80UP' and menny wonder at
-w'*tf*f®*a»0e: bUt F.MHW mrlm
nrrmv'l »uup, anti menny wonder at
•bat Bianl*.DM* J*ut E*aw dbkovtrtd arly.
la hard w^i J1*,1? hl* dUkovered stare, that it
"ara work to live on pedigree.”
bS%loaNrvttI<>.,,a* Industrial exhibition at
Buffalo v v .naI industrial exhibition at
four w*>k. M 5^0#ed Saturday evening after
8 of uninterrupted aiicce**. being
crowds h “'•'■wiiuiiveu MiicceMg. neing
cfo»ae« ..an<* nl?bt by people ot all
CiBadi m a** section* of the country and
phHape|pala, haa l««Md
*n*Bt I,w» vuenoa ____
0«tarjg. ««:ry ,0 him 'he murdorer. of
-P™ V.OtUo and I.aac Cba.e. The men
who era ,n„ V® *n.d Cba.e. The men
in know!. have commuted the deed
The M Dover and Frank Kelly,
Tv. "r™T Lever anil r rank Kellj.
•Oined forra°.n"n,U<'e on Kutlai have ex
eludlnvf~\wo *llne«iei at Iluntvvllle, in
iv. *«*era of ih. ...2.
'UUlJlF I iMioenr* a l II U II lav I lit', in
•ha Demorrlii 'ha principal public men on
a* Peaceful n ",*>0 rr**,deJ 'he country
peaceful r, IT". "«u'mwucu lue country
'aeluji.. "c 'he other elde, many peraon.,
"ffwt, teatifled to acta of violence.
ImiJK, from Halifax .late, that the
curved ti,.„ hoown In twenty yeara
c®rrad then. XJ.l,oown twenty year)
.Vlll*y «»«nln*. The lake
lllnr^i r the Wharves. Manv vceel. 1
w0 reel ..cu.hic. toeisaurot
Ujured ..a' •''•m*- Many veaeel. we.
Nora fL.,i. 'aacal live. la.I. Report. froi
’critj of ih« lJ^*r to the Immen.e
-2?kr^ 'rc»'y between France and tier
Occunil!i “*d. The .lx depaitmen
*,8bUUih» “jr fo® OrrniBo troops are to I
Haul Ik/ h*' *M*# men will rem.
'real. M r*'d The part of ll
'he Herman "re)*’},"'’ he ratified I
LETTER FRO>I SA\TA (RI Z.
Highly Iiiferr.tiug Letter front J. n
Slier The Vo,»eP-Incidents nn.i See
nery-Snnta Cru«-It» Location, Copula
«lon. Product* «„mil„A
Unrden of Kdeti-SevenLlghths or tin
opulatlon Females Tlic Retnlt llnr
rlranes, Cyclone, and F.nrthqitakes
<>ovcrnm«nl« t'ontraslod. etv.. et<\
(OXSULATIt OK THK UNITED STATICS
Santa Cm z. West Indiks.
C IIIilSTIANSTKI), August SO, 1STl
11 ',’’1. *’rl,*p’ editor Arkansas Rrhbi.ican
Dear Sir—On the morning of the Ath ol
j.hily last 1 sailed from New York, on board the
.hark Antelope, Captain Davis, for this place;
and after a voyage of three weeks landed in this
elty. Notwithstanding my decided partiality
j for terra ■tirma- 1 «j ^ed the voyage exceed
jinglv well, as it was charmingly diversified
j with frequent views of water spouts, shoals ol
wll:lll's, and the usual seasoning of squalls,
j>raU'8 and seasickness. On the 23d we sighted
land, the first since leaving the United States
coast. This proved t be the island of Sombrero,
consisting of nothing more than the top of a
mountain injecting above the water of the sea,
and supporting a lighthouseerteted some years
since by the Knglish government. Its popula
tion consist of the lighthou-c keeper and bis
family, and not a sprig of vegetation grows
upon the island. Passing this island vve were
now In what Is known on the mariners’ chart
as the irgiu pa... a ,s we proceeded west
ward the group ,r Virgin island came
In view, and the scene became of the
most lively ami interesting description.
These IsHrd*, with their blur summits rising
one alter another out of the ocean; their pie
ture.que outline, and still more picturesque
grouping; their numerouschannels. -inall bays
^:<il rocky, pr-j cling point*; those, with the
rit h tropical growth of trees and shrubs; the
lively green of tbc cultivated estate?; the
grovi‘* of palm* and coeoanut tree* in .almost
every valley, fringing the beach; the whites
rolling surf, »iul the varying shadows from
pacing cl: uds. present to the beholder views
of the most extraordinary novelty and beauty,
and awaken in out’s mind the most dveiv
emotions of awe and admiration of tb hand'.
work of the Great Creator of the universe.
Santa Cruz, or St. Croix, as it was named by
the Spaniard*, and is *till called by the inhabi
tants, is situated in the Garibian *ra, jn north
latitude IT degrees and If* minutes, and 04 de
grees ami 30 minutes west I ngifude; if i* about
mil*-* in length and an average of six miles
in width. It was discovered by Columbus,
while on bis sen.nd voyage to North America,
in 1403, it then being inhabited by a tierce and
courageous rare of people, whom Columbus
designated as Carlo*, and among whom ho soon
discovered h rrid evidences of cannibalism.
The true origin of lbe-e people, whether from
North or South America, sor-m* never to have
been satlef actoi ily a*eeitained. Hut their
fierce and cruel disposition, their horrid
cannibal customs and thHr unconquerable de
termination to resist European civilization,
and to r* j* et all attempts frequently made to
convert tin m to Christianity. made them promi
nent among all the Indian tribes inhabiting
the American con.'inent; but as civilization «nd
Christianity advanced, these brave Ravages re
ceded and perished, and m»v now t*e consider
ed as almost extinct.
Since its tirat occupation In Europe in*.
Santa Cruz h is been the 4 bone of contention,'*
between sever >1 Gift* r« nt p nvers, and 1j il n
the colors of the Spanish, hutch, ki cru u. Eng
h'-b and Danish ration... respectively. Since
l^lo. however, Denmark lias enjoyed the un
disputed and undisturbed possession of the
island. The imin.oliate government of the
island adniin'sfc! by a governor general,
mpoinietl bv. and repn*ttiting the king of
Denmark. Erotn it* earliest settlement to the
fire.sent.it h-.« to ei. the cit*»om of travelers
visiting the West I ode-. »n a'cnrd t Santa Cruz
•he lir-t tank run* n r th*» r tr' of the ocean:”
and it ceifainii i* ii.-hh de>er\in or all the
prai *e w bii ii hi- «n ..ini. j fo if, as u |M
seaicely I,- f rill to t I e.tceivcof
more n «?ural lev. in. -s and f e uifv of land
'cape than m»v be f.*uinl by an h> wiyn drive
over this island, t have, at tint fdnrr
I have been here, ntne- f imagin’d myself
situated in a e »n.| Eden, while roaming
through one of th *c beautiful palm groves.
To add something reality t«> this imprest. n.
you see numbers of negro. s„ or natives, climb
ing eccoanut trees, dressed fn precisely the
same style that Adam dressed before disc v
ering bis n Dt.ake. Kerry variety of fruits pe
•ull.tr to the troples grow herein pro!u«ion,
j and one might liv and gr-wv f it on the products
of the land.
1 UC ('Opill.'lHftll Of N»nt:»< r!l/ 1* Ill Vi's INI
«>vcr tbrec-fnurih- "f w hum nrc colored. ;u>d in
wbO'P vein" 1 'l»-ui I judge Hit blood of ever>
n uion, tneguc uii I k>ndrcq I] iw. A won
derful div*<-f hu i-« xhlbib -1 -.m ng tkie«»o
natives tv rv shade. from th1* rich 'Spanish
olive to tin* .sleek ptmnv, peculiar nInner to the
regions o; “Africa's burning Min," is repro
■ented. I have remarked another peculiarity
>f this population, of which I kunw no parallel
—seven eighth* of the entire population a-c
females! On first being informed of this fact,
j I confess something like alarm sniz d me, Imt
havinv been assured that, my person was se
cure, I proceeded to inquire and investigate,
and am convinced thutul h ast seven-eighths of
j the populatb n are females. Enter almost any
house In this city and you will he confronted
I by at least a half dry. n women, and very sel
dom you meet with a man. For this wonderful
di'Crepaney in the sexes I a in wholly at loss to
account, but it is ueveitheless true. There is
another fact equally true, that it is morally im
possible for one, and especially a stranger, to
even entertain a thought, without the entire
community knowing its import, and discussing
it; this l readily attribute to the existence* of a
superfluity of female*. Marriage is scarcely
k nown to any except those of the higher circle*
of society, and even then it is seldom and far
between. The male population of the island
understand and appr elate their helpless ml
nority, and seldom exercise Mich temerity as to
ask an alliance with the opposite sex. Of
birth, it is estimated that less than ten per cent,
are within wedlock. With all this indifference
to the marriage tie. the people here are by no
means extremely vicious or immoral. Exces
sive dt Inking, gambling and kindred vice* are
scarcely known in the island; murder has
scarcely ever been known here, and it is scarce
once In’a life time that such si manly exhibition
as a fi-t tight may b w i n- g d. All in al't the
people hers* w.-udei fully quiet, indolent as d
barmle-s, and are never hippier than wh*n
allowed, undisturbed, to discuss the aft air* of
their neighbor, while their own business in
going to the devil.
The climate of Santa Cruz is remarkably fine
and salubrious. Although situ ited within the
tropic*, ibe heat of a tropical *nn i* greatly
modified by the constant and in vigorating trade
wil d*. These winds are a most merciful di*
pcnsaiiOQ of Providence; for without them the
beat of a vertical nun would rentier this, with
the other West India island*, almost wholly
unfit for the habitation of man. They not only
always afford a cool and delightful breeze, but
coining fresh from the sea. they aweep from the
land all fever-instilling miasma which must
otherwise poison the atmosphere of this low
latitude While yellow fever and cholera
sometimes decimated the population of Porto
Rico, Santo Domingo and St. Thoma*. and other
neighboring Island*, these scourges seldom visit
Santa Cruz in a malignant form. Roth leprosy
and elephant as a s prevail here to some extent,
and when once attacked the poor victim ban no
relief except in death. I have met with »otn«*
most revolting cases ot leprosy since l have
been on this inland. There may be seen on the
street® of this city daily, those who have lost
both hand- a id feet, j dot by Joint, by this ter
rible disease, yet who still bobble from door to
door, begdoif for the wherewith to prclonp
their miserable exiatme Kiephantasa* la
a differ* nt di-.*.*, hut eijnallv a, incurable
and repulsive. It lo sales Ua If in the lower
limits, enlarged them lo an enormous slz'',and
giving to the lei-a tin appearance of an elt p lant,
I the ankle bettix mu. It larser than any other
portion of the limb,and taperliiit upw ard. 1 hi
diaea-e onlv exi-t- amonir the poor and de
graded elaaa of ptople, and i» supposed to be
tbe result of uneleanfineaa and improper fond
But w ith a pi0. tr retfi-d for. and the o' ierv
I .nee of the law. of health, I believe th< re l»
not a more healthful spot on earth than thla is.
a proof of this aasertlon I have but to refer
to those Whoa 1 dailr men here, many of whom
are four score years old, and yet retain perfect
physical vitality. A >oung and festive friend
I of mine, with when) 1 often spend my evenings,
U just emerging from his seventy-third year,
and he is. to nil intents and purposes, as young
I as myself, lie is a !>ane—Baron von lliltan, by
J nftI,)r and has praeticed medicine on this islaud
for a half century. At the hotel where 1 flopped
a Tew days before taking nay private residence,
I was entertained each evening by two young
misses, either of whom had celebrated her three
score and tenth birthday; and yet they retained
ali the life and vivacity of youth, liut do not
infer by this that there are not a sufficient num
ber of young persons here: they are rather too
thick to thrive.
W ith all the beauty and loveliness with
which nature has clothed this island.it is not
exempt from the maddened elements that occa
sionally visit this section of the world. Hurri
canes and cyclones not ^infrequently sweep
over sea and land, driving destruction before
them. The force of these winds during their
continuance almost exceeds belief. None but
the strongest buildings can withstand their
terrible force. On the twenty-first instant we
were visited by oue ot these terrible wind
storms, acknowledged to be the most severe ex
perienced since 1K‘27. And while we of Santa
Ci uz suffered far less than did those of several
neighboring islands, the feeling of suspense
during its continuance was fearful, and added
to this feeling of suspense the deafening howl
j mg of the blasts, the crash of uprooted trees,
j ami the often piercing cry for help, formed a
j scene calculated to overwhelm the mind with
terror. To venture out at these times is almost
certain death, as tile*, and boards and other
i niissilesare flying in every direction with irre
sistible force. Earthquake* have also been the
occasion of much destruction on these islands.
They are justly dreaded as the most awful vis
itati, ns that can befall the West Indies, not
that their damage ha* equaled that done by the
hurrieans, but the consternation and awe with
which tiie greater part of the inhabitants regard
the earthquake, is wholy unconquerable. The
ready ear of those who have resided sometime
on these islands, seems ever on the alert for the
dreaded rumbling sound; not unfrequently
the passing of a carriage over a bridge is mis
taken tor the approach of an awful visitor.
Then, with the cry of “earthquake,” uttered j
wil*» an almost suspended breath, many will
1 ’i'I* for the streets or the seashore, in a perfect I
‘gony of fright.
The products of Santa Cruz lias been reduced
almost exclusively to sugar. molasses and rum
although the soil and climate arc both highly
conducive to the growth of cotton and various
other articles, it has been ascertained by the
planters that the greatest profit is to be de
rived from the production of the articles first
named. The price of labor here Is fixed by law,
md is very low; and while slavery was abol
ishrd in the Danish West Indea ‘in ls-|M, the
condition of the laboring classes here, to-dav,
i< worse than that of a majority of the southern
slaves before emancipation in the United
States. The labor act, under which nil the
»states arc worked, provides that first class
hands shall receive fifteen cents per day,
second class ten cent-, and third five cents, with
rations eon si sting of one quart of corn flour
and one salt herring per day. The privileges
allowed tbe-«e laborers are few. indeed. The
re»u!t of this system is manifested in poverty
degradation an i vagrancy to an extent that I
have never seen equaled in a community of the
same population. The streets art- crowded with
beggars, and a stranger entering the city is
beset on all sides by these miserable wretches,
imploring a penny with which to buy bread,
f’be great majority of the people here, of all
classes, live in the fond hope of seeing this
bland annexed to the United States*. They are
not ignorant of the great advantages which the
government of the United States extends to her
laboring and prodtu ing clashes. Were proper
inducements offered, thousands would gladly
h ave here for homes in the United States, but
they are all poor and an ordinary lifetime is too
short in which, for a common laborer, to aceu
muliite a sufficient sum to pay a passage to
America. Inquiries are almost daily made to
me if 1 believe the negotiation* between the
United States and D nmark, which were so un
ceremoniously cut short by the earthquake in
1*^07, will he renewed. These negotiation*, you
will remember, were for the purchase of St.
Thomas and Santa (buz bv cur government,
and no d ubt would have beer, consummated
only fora severe earthquake which occurred
while the commissioners were in this city.
Among the commissioner* was the lit n. Mr,
Although King Christian IX. of Denmark, is
one of the most liberal and kind-hearted of
monarch*, when l compare the modusr-]>erandi
of hi* government with that of our own, 1
heartily congratulate myself that my lot ha
been cast in free America; yes. tho best gov
ernment under the sun!” notwithstanding the
ight manner mtde u-r of the expression by
'Hite of our misguid'd Democratic ooterapo
1 shall no longer trespass upon your lime; T
have already extended this jitter far beyond
"h*»t I intended at the outset. Tht- leaves me
m the best of health.
.nr sincere friend and obedient servant,
.1 AMKri Sfl.KK.
Kunrs spkkui.
M«»n iv Ala., October ‘JO. General
Blair, of f lie sub Knkluv com mi Moo, in
speech l.i't night, alluded to the proposition
that in fin r»xt f><u*«.t r:iti<- national conven
tion the nfli decline to ho represented, but
accept wh tt. v. r candidate for president the
Democrats of the north <ffor. Ho dissented
from the piopo-iti' n, a- did every Democrat in
the west »»d north. The triumph of the Deni
ocratic party i» the safety of the south. Tbe
south shuld support him who h most likely
to carry the banner in triumph. If the south
fail to send her prudent and wise nun it will
be claimed as a refusal to go w ith the northern
Democrats because of the new departure, and
because the spirit of rebellion w is still burial
under smouldering ashes. He was a friend of
the new departure, but believed in the patriot
ism and purity of motives of those wfco chose
that path, while be would never yield
bis own convictions as to the con
stitutionality of the Usuiputions of the Radical
party. He was willing to tight Radicals in any
shape the Democratic party may determine.
He believed the new departure policy failed to
bring success in the. election this summer ,»nd
autumn for the reason that it was a confession
of inability to carry the elections upon our ow n
principles. In that confession the party failed
to place candidates in the flrld In harmony
with the platform. This, while southern Demo
crats were disgusted at concession and no Re
publicans were conciliated, don’t look good
under the losses or the summer and autumn
The Republican party contains in itself seeds
of discontent, bitterness, rivalry and disaffec
tion. The renominatlou of Grant could not, tn
bis opinion, be defeated. He is now dictator in
the Republican party, and he aspires to be
in tue country at large. He will dictate
his own nomination. Some of the most con
scientious, able and courageous men, standing
highest in the Radical party will leave it when
Grant is nominated; will burn their ships when
they fail to defeat the nomldalion, and take
good pains to defeat his re-election. Instead of
going for the new departure Mr Blair pro
ferred to give a guarantee to the disaffected
Republicans by tbe nomination of a Republican
who would draw to us 1 y much stronger guar
antee than the mere words of a platform, the
support of those disaffected with Grant and the
Ridical party. We could all vole for a Repub
lican who favors universal amnesty, and is
against the K iklux bill and military laws.
Virginia has adopted this policy; shall tbe De
mocracy of the south he Itatc to follow her ex
ample? We have taken hold of it in Missouri,and
she would. In the presidential election, he be
Ueved, give a larger majority than any other
■♦.ate for tbe candidate, of the Democratic party.
Men ol foreign birth are the men to whom we
are to look in the coming struggle. They came
from countries where despotism i» practical,
and know It* badges and signs, and are already
recognizing the necessity of sustaining tb* 1
leading men and ablest representatives, and
are now proclaiming opposition to Grant ami
his administration, that be baa turned his
-nips. It was Carl Seburx who led the entire
German element of Missouri to break down the
disfranchising clause of her constitution, and
i
arrayed his fellow countrymen as one man
against the administration, and to despise its
officers, patronage and power. They stand
fairly and signally to-day, solidly to the last,
man against all disfranchisements, and lor
I universal amnesty. They are opposed to Kn
klux legislation, and against the suspension of
the habeas corpus, and if the Demo-rats will
put forward a man, or accept one w h may be
put forward by others, who is sound upon
those principles, be will receive the entire Ger
man vote in the United States, numbering from
live hundred to eight hundred thousand men.
FROM 1IIK AGO.
Tl»o Tribune Vault —VmI Xlimber of I.n
horera Kmploye«l Uriel*layer* on n
Mtrll&e —Prinoner* llurnetl hurchea
»nl rllnilioim. off.
Chicago, October *!0.—The fire-proof vault
in the* Tribune building was opened yesterday,
for the first time since the fire. Its contents,
even to a linen coat and a box of matches, were
found intact.
The vast magnitude of the work of clearing
away the ruins and rebuilding Chicago is prov
ing important means of relief to the mechanics
and laborers, who are finding plenty of empioy
ment at good wages. The average wages of
j laborers in the ruins is #1.75 per day; teams,
#4 50 per day; carpenters, $3 to $3.50 per day;
brick layers, #3 to #3.25 per day.
The members of the Chicago bricklayer's
union have demanded Increased wages, and
many of the members have struck and refused
to work. The contractors refused to yield to
the strikers, as there are a large number of
bricklayers here from other citlea and towns
j who are willing and anxious to work at the
present wages. The price of brick has risen
fr. in six dollars and a half to twelve and fif
teen dollars, but the supply seems abundant
and the price must come down.
The statement which has been made that all
the prisoners In jail, under the courthouse, in
cluding five muiderers, were allowed to escape
when the courthouse took lire, proves not to b v
true. When it became evident that the eourt
h nisc must burn, fifty of the worst characters
in jail were put in the hands of the policemen,
far the purpose of taking them to West Madison
street police station. During the transfer all of I
the pi isoiiers escaped but fourteen. All of the
murderers, five in number, were held, and arei
now in custody.
The press of this city gives the names of the
persons who intend to rebuild their business
blocks at once. The number Is too large to
enumerate. The aggregate value of the
churches destroyed by the late fire in three
millions of dollars. The churches burned in
the fourth division were the First Presbyte
rian and Second Presbyterian, St. Paul, Trin
ity, Swedenbnrg« n, St. Mary, East Methodia
and Wabash avenue Methodist on the north
side. North Presbyterian, Westminister Pres
byterian, (Jraoe, Methodist, Woody’s Mission,
St. J anies Cathedral of the Holy Name, St.
Joseph’s with orphan asylum and convent, New
J England Unity, Fullerton avenue Presbyte
rian, and one or two ether smaller ones.
The report published in a morning paper that
I the steamer Corona, belonging to the Goodrich
line, had been recently wrecked and forty-five
lives lost, is not true. The Corona is now lying
at her wharf in this port.
The canal lion bill fir the relief of Chicago,
which has passed both houses of the logisla
hire, was to day signed by the governor.
The contribution* for the relief of Chicago
from New York amount to two million two
hundred thousand dollars, of which four bun
dred and sixty thousand dollars was in sup
plies and the balance in money.
Gage Brothers and llice, formerly of the
Sherman house, have opened a new Sherman
house at the corner of Madison and Clinton
streets, on the west side. The house Is large
The People’s insurance company of Worees
fer. Mass., paid st fww) of insurance to John B.
Drake to-day, and will pay every dollar of
their loss.
The Tribune company to-day ordered their
architect to commence rebuilding. The front
will ho taken down and rebuilt with Milwau
kee brick, the other walls and nearly all the
floors are found to tie perfectly firm and secure.
A dispatch w as received from San Francisco
yesterday, from William S, Early aud Jame
G. Stub, authorizing a draft upon tlum for
ciglit hundred dollars for the relb f of the
Chicago druggists.
telegraphic smi alary.
Kullroftil
JIancjor, October 20.-~Tbe rppning of the Eli
topean and North American railroad wan cele
bra'ed tc-day. A large number of dlxtlr
guishcd citizens were present, from ihe states
and Canada. At the banquet. President Grant
made a speech, saying that the occasion was
one with which he was pleased. The Canadian
governor general spoke, referring in approvtityf
terms to the Washington treaty, and compli
menting President Grant.
I>e«tmettle Fire.
Hagkrbtown, Ind.,October 20. The build
ings at this place, owned by Wiggins, Newcom
A Stent baker, used as a pork and grain ware
house, and also as freight and ticket office for
the P. C. and St. I*, and W. W. V. railroad
companies, was destroyed by fire yesterday
No insurance. The building contained a con
siderable quantity of grain, wbicb was saved,
as were the books and papers of the two rail
road companies.
Accident to Surveying: Party.
Toronto, October 20.—J.G. Johnson, engi
neer in charge of division “H.” of the Canada
Pacific survey from Red Rock, Nepigeon bay,
to the lake, has arrived here with a portion of
his men. Five Indians and two white men,
belonging to Johnson’s staff, were burned to
death from lires in the woods. Johnson las
completed bis work, and reports favorably of
the country b tween the above mentioned
place* for a railway.
Medlleotl Ruth Poisoning
St. Louis, October 20.—The prosecution in
the Mediicott Ruth poisoning case, at Garnet,
Kansas, closed yesterday, and the defense
opened. Their principal witness was Professor
Worraley, of Columbus, Ohio, who thought
the analysis of Ruth's stomach carelessly made
and unsatisfactory, still be could not swear
that poison was not found. Several medical
witnesses testified to the truths that the symp
toms were inconsistent with morphine poison
*ng. One or two of them said that the symp
toms were those of quinine. Mrs. Rath will
be examined.
harlta O'Connor has associated with him
self W. H. Peekbam, William M. Evarta and
Judge Bennett, the first mentioned being a
I Democrat, and the two latter Republicans, as
counsel In the prosecution for Ihe defrauded
municipal government.
Earl Granville, in hit speech at Manchester,
Thur*d»y night, expressed feelings of pride
over the Alabama negotiations and their re
»ult. He regretted the sufferings of Chiengo,
t end thanked the American government for
suppressing the feoian raids.
BRIEF TKLKU5UK
The Hamburg subscription to Cbu-tuo was
$10,000.
Speculators of various Kind are busy in New
York making purchases.
Tnere is a revival of the rumor that Con
troller Connolly is to be impeached.
Boston, Thursday, added ton thousand dol
lars to her contributions for Chicago.
Twelve hundred dollars wore subscribed for
the Michigan sufferers atPetro’ia,Ont., Thins,
day.
Sonic young men were arrested Thursday
near Memphis as Kuklujc, but were discharged
yesterday.
The directors of the United railway of New
Jersey yesterday signed lease* of the works to
a Pennsylvania company.
A Montreal dispatch su) that the schooner
Plover, from Cleveland, has been wrecked off
Manias. The crew was saved.
Advices from Captain Hall report him, under
date of September f>, sailing northward from
the upper Navik. Aft were well.
The jury in the case of Botts on trial for the
murder of Halstead, rendered a verdict of
guilty of murder in the first degree.
The ratification of the treaties gives great
satisfaction throughout France. Thiers confers
the legion of honor to (Juertier for his services.
The grand jury, of New York, had the ease
of Mayor ITall under deliberation yesterday.
Snbpenas were issued lo secure the attendance
of witnesses.
A Bangor dispatch nay** that Mitchell, the
Dominion master of fisheries, states that it in
untrue that any British cruiser has boon seen
at (Uoucestcr.
The troubles In the Creek nation have hern
settled by a convention, which adjourned last
Saturday, declaring Cbieote elected chief by
three hundred majority.
There was an immense attendance at tho
Memphis fair yesterday. The cotton premium
was awarded to E. F. McGhee, of Mississippi.
For cotton cultivator, award to Vouphul
Malone.
The Erie railroad will probably get itself
into court on account of its running bad eoael
es, tints driving passengers Into what i« railed
drawing-room ears and subjecting them to
costs there for.
Sheriff Brennan, of Now York, lias deserted
Tammany. The provocation was the admission
of the Dowling delegation to the senatorial
convention on an equal footing with the Bren
nan delegates.
The London Times,of yesterday, believes tho
jeolousy of England to be extinct, and states
that the subscriptions received at the Mansion
bowse for Chicago, will amount to JllUl.OOO.
liudderticid has contributed $700.
The nominations made Thursday night by
the Democratic reformers meet the approval of
Republicans generally. The Times and Tribune
support them. Selgel's nomination was a con
cession on the part of the Republicans.
The yacht race was won Thursday by the
Livonia, because of carelessness. The spore
tary of the yacht club says the Columbia was
not ready for the race. Ashbury protests that
the race Wednesday was unfair, and claims tho
victory.
Advices from K ngdon, On’irio, stale that
etill further marine disasters art* reported. The
uchooners rhoehe W. Catherine and Constella
are ashore at Howe Bland. The latter left
Kingston .Saturday with a cargo of Iron for
Cleveland.
The failyrp of CM.. Jenks, jr,, X Co says the
Philadelphia Ledger, leaves a default In the
city funds of ij«47H,000. The firm have been
speculating iu city moneys. Thecitv treasurer
may be able to secure ss«ets suttlcbnt to cover
the amount.
Appeals in aid of the auflercra in Chicago,
Wisconsin and Michigan continue to be earnest.
Contributions in response are still liberal
throughout the country. Besides money and
clothing which is being generously offered, the
chamber of commerce of New York has already
contributed, in money, over $000,000.
A son of B. Tilden, chairman of the Demo
cratic state convention, was present at the con
ference between the attorney gem ral of the
state and O’Connor, concerning lh«* Turn many
suits. He believes the proceedings will be
successful. Tweed will probably be the first
attacked, as it Is believed the evidence against
him Is very strong, and is based on the Broad
wav hank disclosures.
ARRIKD.
W aTKIN S-TREZ K V ANT -Tho beauty a ml«Ut*
of J«ck*on, Tenn congregated at Ht. Luke’* K|»it
copal church, on Wednesday morning. the JSth in
stunt, h* witicss the nuptial ol'L'aptaln Walton
W«tfc4n*, of Little Keck, and Misk Ntndc, daughter
of our former townsman, Colonel .1 T. Tre/cvant,
now of Augusta, Ark After the cere in on y by the
Rev. T. If. Lee, of Little Rock, the parly partook
of a breakfast at Captain T. It. Tre/.cvant s. ami
then took the noon train for Memphis. The bridal
couple will remain at the Overton till Saturday
morning, when they start wost fur Little Rock
[Memphis A ppeal, October 30
New Advertisements.
TO T1IE
AGENTS AND POLICY HOLDERS
OF THE
Equitable Life Assurance Society
-IN THE
STATE OF ARKANSAS.
HA VINO DISPOSED OF THE GENERAL
agency of the FqriTaaL* I jve aksurakck
company for the >tate of Arkamas, I take pleas
ure in introducing to you my successor, Mr. W. .1
Johnston, who has received the appointment of
General Agent for the State, and who will hereaf
ter have the entire charge and control of the butd
netuj of the society in Arkausa* Mr. Johnston
begins his labors among yon under the most favor
able latispires, and I take this opportunity to ask
lor him the earnest kindly support and co-opera
tion of every agent and policy-holder in his teiri
In announcing the change in the agency, r re
spectfully call your attention to the -tatrrnent be
low, as to tbe increasing advantages of the Equita
ble, and its condition since last report Predict
ing for Mr. Johnston a large and prosperous busi
net*. and thanking yon lor oast favors
JAMES A SWAIN,
General Agent.
SEPTEMBER 1, 1WT1 SEPTEMBER 1, 1*71
——TIIR
Equitable Life Assurance Society
~-0Y THE
UNITED ST AT EH,
NO. 120 BROADWAY. N. Y.
Cash A ••eta $17.600,000
Annual Oaah Income 8.000.000
Sum Assured In 70 f new business 40.295.799
The largest of any Company in the World.
ALL CASH
PURELY MUTUAL.
annual DIVIDENDS,
WM ALEXANDER
HENRY B. IIY DR
PnasinavT
Vice P*s>ipent
w WM J. JOHNSTON, Gen l Agent.
Ofico—M°. 5 Adam- building forer Mr Alihont’*
Drng Store Little Rork. Ark. wt 19 dawlm
New Advertisements.
EXTRACTS FROM CITY ORDINANCES
IN HKFKRENCE TO
FIRES AND FIRE LIMITS.
CHAPTER 14.
IIIK I'm’ARTMKNT.
nfction 10 During the time of a tiro, ami for and
during the period or twenty hours utter the ex
tinction, it shall be lawiul for tho chief engineer
and ussistnnl engineer, mayor, aldermen, con
stable. policemen or officer in command, to arrest
any suspected person, or any person hindering, re
stating, conducting In a noisy and disorderly man
ner. or refuslrg to obey any such officer, while
acting in the (list barge of his duty, shall Ik* nr
rested, and lined in a sum of not more than fifty
nor less than five dollais.
Suction 11 Every poison, not a fireman, who
drill l*o present at a lire, shall l*o subject and olio
dient to the orders of the chief and assistant cn
gineers, mayor and aldermen, constable and police
men of the city in extinguishing the fite and the
removal and protection of property; and In ease
such person shall refuse tp obey such orders, he
shall forfeit and pay for every offence the sum of
live dollars: Provided. That no such person shall
Ik* hound to obey any of said officer*, unless such
officers shall hear their respective badges of office,
or their official character snail lie ki.own oi made
known to them.
JoKcrius ia. The city council shall appoint a fire
warden, whoso duty it shall lie, and he is hereby
empowered t remove and abate any cause from
which immediate danger of lire may lx> Appre
hended, and to cause all buildings, chimnev*,
stoves, pipes, hearths, ovens, boilers, ash houses
and apparatus used In any building or elsewhere,
which shall be found in such a condition as to lie
considered unsafe, to be without delay, at the ex
pense of the owner or occupant thereof, put in such
condition an not to he dangerous In causing or pro
moting flies; in default thereof, after notice is
given to the owner or occupant of said building,
he or they shall be subject to u fine of not less than
tenor more than fifty dollars, and alike penalty
A*r each day such danger shall exist.
Section 18. The salt! fire wa don, when on duty,
-hall wear his badge of office; and if any person or
persons shall obstruct, retard or hindor him A the
ner ormance of his duties or refuse to observe any
law fill directions given by him, such person or per
sons shall, lor every offeuce, forfeit and pay the
mi in oi twenty dollars.
Section 11. V* lighted candle or lamp shall be
used m any stable, or other place or building where
hay, straw or other combustible materials shall he
kept, unless the same shall be well secured In a
lantern, under the penalty of two dollars for each
II Al* I tilt 15.
KIKE LIMITS.
suction 3. No building shall iic erected within
th** lire limits (except as hereinafter excepted),
unloss the same shall in*constructed of brick, stone
or other lire proof material.
section a. shots not exceeding twelve feet in
height at the highest part thereof, ami privies not
exceeding ten feet square and twelve feet in
height, may lie constructed of wo«h1: Provided,
l hat the term “shed” bo so construed as to mean a
structure with a root sloping one way, with one or
more hides of said .structure entirely open.
Section 4 No wooden building, or part of build
ing within the lire limits, shall bo raised, en
larged or removed to any other place within the
same, nor shall any such building be removed into
the (Ire limits: Provided, That when the sidewalk
may hr raised ulmve the threshhold of any build
ing. sai l building may be so raised, and so far
raised as to keep the first floor a reasonable dis
tance a bo vo Hie sidewalk; nor shall any wooden
bui’ding within said limit*, which may hereafter
be damaged to the extent of fifty per cent of the
value thereof, be repaired or rebuilt; nor shall such
building, when the damage I** less than fifty per
rent, of It** value, be so repaired as to lie raised
higher than the highest point left standing after
such damage shall have occurred, or so as to oc
cupy a gr. ater space than lie Id re the injury
i hereto.
Section r». The amount or extent of damage that
may be done to any building, may lie determined
by three disinterested persons, residents of the
city, one of whom shall lie selected by the owner
of the building, the second by the mayor, and the
two so chosen shall select a third, and the decision
•»f the persons so appointed shall be dual and oou
hkction <i Any owner, builder,or other person
who shall own, Imild or aid in the erection of any
building, or part of Imil.ling, within the said
limits, contrary to, or in any other manner than
authorised hr the provisions ol this article, or who
sh ill own, remove, or assist in removing, any
wooden building within said limits from one place
to another therein; or who shall own, remove, or
aiedbt in romoving, any building from without said
limits into the snine, or own, repair,or assist in ro
p ii ing. anv damaged wooden building, contrary
to the provisions ol this ordinance, *hn!l lie subject
to a fine of not le>s tha twenty-five, and not ex
ceeding five hundred dollars, in the discretion of
the court.
Section 7. In all eases of conviction for a viola
tion ol this ordinance, an provided for in section 6,
it shall lm the duty of the city Justice to immedi
ately transmit to the mayor a transcript of the
judgment in the case, and tho mayor shall there
upon notily the party offending to remove the said
building without the lire limit* within ten days.
Section 8 If. at too expiration of ten days, the
sai l building is not removed a* provided for in
section seven, it shall bo the imperative duty of the
mayor to order and require the chief engineer of
the lire department forthwith to raze the same,
who shall immediately execute the order and col
lect the expense from the porsou owning or erect
ing the sama. _ net 90 (It w
ftorici;.
TTmrifi) States T-anp Omcr.i
I.itti.k Rock, Auk., Ootohcr 19,1871.
pUMl'l.AiSiT having been entered at this office
\j by Roberts. Parker, against Tony Green, fur
abandoning hi* home-toad untrv, No. 8,art), dated
January 1870. iijmiii the north half of southwest
quarter, section lr>, township 1 south, range 13 west,
in 1‘ula-kl comity, Arkunsas, with a view to the
carowdUMon of said entry; the said parties are
hereby summoned to appear at thisotllce on the 7th
lay of December, IN71, at 10 o’clock, a hi to ie
-Spond and furnish testimony concerning said
alleged abandonment.
(iK(l W DENISOV, Register.
U. A. EDbiElti'ON, Receiver.
octW dlt.wBt
FIFTY TEAMS WANTED
rpo HAUL WOOD. APPLY TO M. D. Met ARK
JL at new Koorche bridge, southwest of Fair
grounds, or tlte uudersigueU at his office, 10U Mark
hum stiect.
oct 17-il9w.___IV IIEEVE_
EQUAL TO THE EMERGENCY!
Til R LOK-iRS OR THK
/ETNA INSURANCE CO.
At hicago "ill not exceed two million dollars,
which will l*o |>i*om|»tl> paid, and still Imo
Assets. $4,000,000.
THE UNHERfRITERS’ AGENCY
I-ok6 $906,000, If every risk on their hooks In the
burnt district prove* a total Iuks This will
toavo upwards of a half million dol
lar* 'iirplus over untouched
capital)*, or
Assets, $2,500,000.
These losses of snrtriti* fall upon the stockholders
and not upou the public.
Lhe <Incairo calamity furnishes additional proof
of the insufficiency of local companies. Careful
business ine.n should gladly pay LIVING PBK
MH MS FOR SOUND POLICIES.
LUCIEN J. BARNES, Agt.
oct iT iltf.
JOS. c. G. KENNEDY SON.,
ATTORIfF.rS FOR CLAIMS. WashinfrU.n,
l>. I. ___oct 11.1m
it- nucox,
Real Estate, Colleetimt and Claim Agent,
Wnx Airmen promptly to art bw
ucss placed in his hands, such as paying
Uses, locating lands, state or government, and
collecting any kind or claims against the govern
ment. can l«e found at his office in Bender block,
over Mr. Kempner’s store, corner Markham and
Cumberland street* «*pt 91-dawtf
New Advert*Miwente.
IMPORTANT IN TWO RESPECTS!
H. W. WILSON,
O R O O E K
IMd-FrllowK' BalMla«, Narkkma
Kim nnd Urolt llrftU,
LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS.
SILVER MEDAL!
THE FIRST PREMIUM!
Awarded to me by the Arkansan Stele Agricul
tural and Mechanical Association,
for the finest
Display of Groceries
Has two important meaning*—flrU, Um
FINEST IN QUALITY!
8KCOND, THB
GREATEST IN VARIETY.
This award, however, is but the confirmation of
public opinion This triumph Is another
hint to those in want of
FINE GROCERIES!
With the bwomeit end mein storeroom stretched
ouV u valent to a iton iwnty-lN feet vide.
oot 9-dtr.
N. W. WILSON,