4
sj\it <£lucagn
Term* ol Subscription,
PAYABLE Of ADVANCE
D»Ut Efllßoa, per yam ay mail.
Triweekly Edition, per year, ay wail 6.00
Sunday Edition, 'por year, ay mail jaao
Weekly Edition, per year, by MAIL 2AO
Parta ol a rear at tho same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sure and give Post
Office address In full. Including State and county.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
Post Office order, or in registered letters, at our risk.
TT-TIMS TO CITT SUBSCBIBEESI
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Dally, delivered, Sunday included, 30 cents per week.
Address TEE TRIBUNE COMPANY.
Ifo. 15 Canal-sL, Chicago, lIL
THURSDAY, DECEMBER T. ISH.
TTTR government buildings,
The telegraphic statement of the contents
of the hill introduced in Congress hy Mr.
Harwell suggests that the new government
buildings may he located on the square now
partially occupied hy the Post Office build
ing, or on some other, not exceeding two
blocks distant. The exact object sought by
ibis language is not apparent. The Super
vising Architect of the Treasury recom
mends the purchase of the whole of the
block, now partly owned by the government.
In that recommendation the Secretary of the
Treasury and the President concur. Why,
then, provide by law that some other block,
not more than two squares distant, may be
selected? This is not a case of the selec
tion of a site for the erection of public
buildings, where the government pro
poses to enter the market and bny
laud where it is cheapest. It is
a proposition by the government to purchase
additional land, adjoining that which it
already possesses, upon which to erect build
ings proportioned to its needs. To obtain
this laud, the Secretary of the Treasury has
applied to the Governor and Legislature of
the State for authority to condemn, for public
purposes, so much land as may he required,
which is the remainder of the block on which
the Post Oftice building stands. The govern
ment seeks that block and no other. It seeks
it not by private purchase when
n sale may be refused or extortionate prices
demanded, but under the provisions of law,
by which its value can be determined by a
jury, and the title ho transferred upon pay
mentlof the ascertained sum. Under such a
proceeding there is no danger of extortion
on the one hand, nor of avoiding just com
pensation on the other. Tho government
will get gwhat it wants and pay the prop
cUprice therefor. If Mr. Harwell's bill con
templates a change of site, it must be for the
reason that the present one is in
accessible or not central enough, and
yet,byprovidingforachange not more than
two blocks distant, it concedes that the pres
ent location is not out of the way. In addi
t ion to the public reasons we have stated, the
propriety of avoiding even an appearance of
controversy, or of a real estate speculation,
ought to be evident to everi' person. The
government should be left free to
make its own selection. There
arc, moreover, private interests which
ought not to be wautonlj' violated. Many
hundreds of thousand dollars have hceu in
vested in that neighborhood, because of the
location of the national olhces, and while, of
course, private interests must be alwaj’s
subordinate to public ones, there should be
no chaugc in tbc location of the Custom
House and Post Oftice, unless for good and
sufficient reasons. No such reasons have 3’ct
been shown.
■WHO SHAH PAY FOE THE BOOKS 1
We take occasion to reproduce and com
mend the suggestions of General Julius
White. President of the Board of Cook
County Commissioners, in his inaugural ad
dress on Monday, relative to the abstract ot
title hooks ■which it has been proposed that
the count}'should purchase. Headers ofTui-:
linivusElor the past seven or eight -weeks
have, doubtless, noticed that the county au
thorities have not lacked for suggestions on
this subject, coming Irom volunteer sources
through the public press. Of the methods
proposed for solving the diliiculties which
are supposed to embarrass the trausfer of
real estate in Chicago, the name
has been legion. Perhaps, however,
si majoiity of all the doctors who
have panaceas to otVaT for the case propose
that the county shall acquire the abstract
books belonging to the three firms in the
city who have such to sell.
If it shall be deemed advisable to pur
chase the abstract books at any price, and if
tbc owners shall consent to sell at a reason
able price, General White recommends that
it shall be done in such a manner as practi
cally to throw the cost of the purchase upon
those who are benefited by it.
To accomplish this, the county,
having acquired the books, should
establish certain charges for furnish
ing abstracts, suhicicut, at least, to defray
the interest upon the bonds which must be
issued to make the purchase. It is difliculfc
to see why the rule which the law has always
made, of charging to the parties interested in
conveyances of real estate the expense of
demonstrating title thereto, should he varied
now, when the conditions of the case are not
essentially changed, “There is, certainly,
no equity in requiring a merchaut, mechanic,
or fanner, who rarely, if ever, has occasion
to refer to the records, to pay any part of the
expenses of those who have occasion to re
port to them daily.” If A wishes to make
money by transferring a piece of real estate
to B. and B wishes to make money by buy
ing it. tbere is certainly no reason why C
blioukl be called on to defray the expenses
of the transaction, or of lilting B out with
facilities for transferring the property to D.
In opposition to this view of the case it
may be urged that there are many who
wish not to deed their land away in fee
simple, but to mortgage it for the purpose of
making improvements, and that it will be a
drawback to Chicago business if they can
not be assisted to do this by laws simplify
ing tbe process of exhibiting titles. Wc take it
that he who wants to build will not allow the
fee charged for an abstract to stand in his way
now any more than before the lire. It is, as
President White says, an open question,
whether it would be better for the county to
buy these three sets of abstract books, or
leave tbem in the hands of their owners, as
they have been heretofore. On this ques
tion we arc inclined to the former course.
But there is no reason why the purchase of
the books should entail any tax upon the
county at large.
THE CUEEEKCY,
Of all t lie questions which it becomes ncces-
FUl3' for a public journal to discuss, or pub
lic officer to dig luto, or a member of Con
gress to pretend to know something about,
tbe currency question is, perhaps, the most
forbidding, and the one requiring the great
est amouflt-of patience ami tlie largest ex
ercise reasoning faculty. There is
nothing,Tiowever, intrinsically mysterious
or reconottffabout it. The phenomena of a
bank, a Raring-house, a gold cum ncy, or a
paper* cuteency, whether redeemable or irre-
as susceptible of analysis and
explanation as those of a retail grocery. The
principles governing these various institu
tions and devices for facilitating
the exchange of property and services
among men. arc all within easy
reach r-o those who have the patience to in
vestigate them. The report of the Comp
troller of the Currency shows that that offi
cer has given some attention to the funda
mental principles of the science with which
he has to deal, but not enough to prevent
bim from falling into several serious errors.
TVith one of these errors, which is hardly ex
cusable in one in his position, we propose to
■deal.
The Comptroller argues that m any scheme
for the restoration of specie payments a dis
crimination should be made between circu
latiou and deposits so that the former may
be redeemed at par in coin, and the latter be
Uft as a matter of private contract between
ankers and depositors, to bo redeemed or
not redeemed, as the parties shall agree
among themselves. In announcing this
novel idea ho states that it does
not meet the concurrence of the
banks of the large Eastern cities; hut he
thinks that they are only a small part of
the commimitv, and that their news should
not be permitted, to override so important
and beneficial a measure as the one which ho
proposes. If the Comptroller or some other
learned functionary should devise a scheme
to thaw out all the canals in the country,
leaving the rivers and lakes to which tuoy
arc tributary frozen up. as a method of keep
ing navigation open during the winter, there
would probably be a similar dissent on the
part of shippers and the business community.
The chief, if not the only, reason why a
restoration of specie is desirable is that it
will restore stability to the business of the
country, and remove the element of chance
and hap-hazard which is inseparable from a
fluctuating currency. The solo function of
money, whether it be in the form of coin or
paper, or whether it ho represented in
checks, drafts, bills of exchange, or clearing
house certificates, is to facilitate the ex
change of commodities or services, audit is
only in the smaller transactions, such as re
tail trade, and the payment of wages, and
the settlement of balances, thateithercoinor
bank notes are ever used. The larger share
of the business of this country, and of every 1
civilized country, is transacted by means of
these “deposits,” whose presence seem to
the Comptroller of the Currency so perni
cious an obstacle to specie resumption. The
deposits of the National Banks on the 2d of
October last amounted to over $000,000,030, to
meet which they hod a reserve of about
$100,000,000 of “lawful money.” IVhat did
these deposits consist of 1 They consisted of
property in transit —of commodities going
from the producer to the con
sumer. This property was represented
by bills of exchange,drafts, acceptances, and
what not, entered upon bank ledgers, so that
the owners of the property, if they chose,
could immediately draw the money which it
bad been sold for, leavingthe banks to collect
it from those to whom it had been sold. The
profits of a bank are derived principally from
the use of that excess of deposits which re
mains in its hands every day, over ami
above the portion immediately drawn out.
The amount of actual money which a hank
has is not necessarily the measure of Us re-
sources. Arbitrary acts of legislation
may compel a bank to keep a certain
percentage of its deposits iu the form of
lawful money. The wisdom of such legisla-
tiou is more than doubtful, since it necessi
tates tho locking up of capital irrespective of
the demand iu the community for its use.
Mr. Bouamy Price, iu bis Principles of
Currency,” shows that tho average amount
of money (bank notes and gold) kept by a
leading Loudon bank, selected at random
from a large number of such institutions, is
only o per cent of its deposits. Tho other
07 per cent consists of the written evidences
ol property passing between buyers aud sell
ers.
To say that it would be of any use to re
store specie payments as to circulation, with
out doing the same for deposits, is quite as
absurd as tosay that it would bebeneficialfor
navigation to thaw out tbo small water
courses and leave tho largo ones frozen up.
If the object sought to he accomplished is
the restoration of stability to business trans
actions, the end must be sought iu tho place
where tho business is, that is iu
the deposits of the banks.
Moreover, it is impossible to restore specie
payments as to circulation without at the
same time restoring it as to deposits. If
Comptroller Hullmrd, who has a singular
faculty for getting the cart before the horse,
will resume specie as to the one, we will
guarantee it as to the other, and we do not
care how he goes about it.
LIFE INSURANCE.
While the Legislature is considering the
general subject of- insurance, there is one
matter ■which requires some legislation. The
New York Legislature, a year or two ago,
amended tne law of that State so that when
a life insurance company has accepted ami
received three annual payments of premium
from a policy-holder it is forever barred from
objecting to paying the whole amount of
said policy, because of any real or supposed
mis-statement in the representations madehy
the assured upon which the policy was is
sued. The justice of this law is obvious. In
CO per cent of all cases of life insurance, the
person insured takes out tho policy upon the
importunate solicitation of the company,
through its agent, who is generally a bore of
the largest calibre. The application is
drawn lip by the agent. The blank form is
prescribed by the company. Tho questions
are put by the agent and the doctor, who is
also a salaried officer of the company, and
they write down the answers. Tho company
otters this agent a commission on all the pre
miums he can get. The agent, therefore, is
hired to procure applications which will not
be rejected. After having bunted bis game
down to the point of consenting to take out
a policy, his reward depends upon so filling
up the blank application that it shall he ac
cepted. The company hires a physician who
critically examines the applicant, and certi
fies to his freedom from lung or other dis
eases, This certificate is forwarded, the pol
icy is issued, and the premium paid year
after year. The company makes no further
investigation it treats tho contract as com
plete. It receives tho annual payments,
and not until tho man is dead
does it set np a pretence that
there was any omission or suppression
of fact in the original application. The
company then, perhaps, refuses to pay,
because one of the applicant's relatives died
of consumption, when the applicant said bo
did not know what was the cause of tho
relative's death; or because tho applicant
himself was consumptive when be said he
did not think bo was,—in which opinion bo
was confirmed by tho examination of the
company's surgeon. Tho company allege
that ho was a drunkard, when he said ho
was not; and so on through the entire
catechism. In the meantime the person in
sured is dead, and his mouth closed to any
evidence; the agent who wrote the appli
cation may have died, or gone away; the
physician may have also departed. The com
pany refuses to pay the widow or the children
the money to secure which the husband
may have sacrificed many comforts for him
self and them. A suit becomes necessary..
Here begins an unequal contest. To get
counsel, the widow has to assign a large
share of the claim. The company uses the
money her husband paid on his policy to de
feat her. Ik delays the case, takes it from
couit to court, and finally, if it cannot force
her to take 20 or ;!0 per tent of tho claim,
when longer delay is impossible, the whole
sum has been exhausted in legal expenses.
The Xcw York law interposes ami makes it
the duty of the company, before the accept
ance of the third annual payment—that is,
within two years from the date of the policy—
to investigate the facts of the application, or
the same shall be considered as no longer
open to contradiction. There is no injustice
done to the company by this; it simply re
quires them to do business in a business-like
manner, and prevents them from coming in
after a man’s death, alleging that he and the
agent and' surgeon of tho company
had committed a fraud, lbs time
when the company should be precluded from
deputing the truth of the statements ou
which they issued the policj' might be lim
ited to the receipt of the second payment of
premium but let the time be one, two, or
three years, there should be some limit.
A correspondent writes to us: “Carlyle
was right. Why should a great city like
Chicago, whoso public libraries have always
been beneath contempt. make the live a pro
text for sponging a library from British
authors? The articles in the daily pr( J. s
upon the subject of a free library, although
written with the best intentions, still have
a twang of Long life to Vour Honor!’ and
God bless your Riverence,’ whenever, to en
courage those who hold back, they praise
the ‘noble conduct* of such authors as
have given. A library is a luxury, and a
people in adversity has no right to beg for
that which it was unwilling to pay for in
prosperity.”
The conclusions of our correspondent
would he important if his premises wore
correct. The people of Chicago are not beg
ging, much less sponging, a library from
British authors. The movement on the part
of these gentlemen was entirely unsolicited.
They acted on their own motion, and their
action was as generous and grateful as it
was unexpected. The gift should be received
in the spirit in which it is given. Any other
form of acceptance, or any rejection, would
he an insult to the donors. Our correspoud-
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1871.
ent is also wrong in the supposition that the
Biitish authoisare aboutto sendus a library.
It is the nucleus of a library only, aud, if all
tbo living British authors were to donate
copies of their works, a comparatively small
shelf would hold them. When these are re
ceived, wo are still without the library: but
we have the opportunity and the inducement
for one. For this generous act, long life and
God’s blessings are at least proper and
courteous, v
ANDY JOHNSON ON THE SITUATION.
Andy Johnson is at his home iu Greenville,
Term., and may ho daily seen in aud about a
country store kept iu that place hy his ouly
surviving sou. A correspondent of the Cin
cinnati Commercial recently paid the ox-
Presideut a visit and found him pretty much
the same sort of a being that he was when
President. He has rather a poor opinion of
men and tilings, aud expresses bis opinions
very freely. He thus spoke of President
Grant, for whom lie has no more love than
the law requires:
Grant,” said Mr. Johnson, as be gave the Are
a vigorous poke,‘‘Grant is entirely absorbed m
self. He is bent on having another term, for ho
is making a fortune out of his office, and don't
■want to give it up. About four years more will
finish his fortune if it don’t tho country. Ho is
the first American President who over tried tho
experiment of getting rich in office, and ho wants
to make it a success. It is humiliating to an in
tense degreo to see the highest officer of our gov
ernment grabbing for riches like a, pawnbroker.
If the country is to bo afflicted with iiiui another
four years, it would be well to And out just how
much money he wants, and make it up and give
it to him. l.et him set his Agures. and let the
people shell out tho amount, and, if possible,
stop the bribe-taking, gift-taking, office-soiling,
and horse-speculation propensities of this little
whiftit.”
The ox-President, when ho got off on poli
tics, was equally emphatic. He expressed
himself decidedly opposed to the Democracy
nominating any Republican for President,
lie considers such a course as an ignominious
surrender. He declared that there never was
so great a need of the Democratic party as
now, because the constitution was to ho
saved.” The correspondent thus reports
what the cx-Presideutsaid of Scott and Sum
ner
what do you think of Tom Scott as an avail
able. candidate I asked.
“1 know Tom Scott very well,’* ho replied,
and he is a clever gentleman, but it would bo a
nice piece of business for the Democracy to take
bim tip. The very idea is supremely ridiculous.
I am surprised that a Democratic paper of the
standing of the Cincinnati Em/mm* should even
make the suggestion, much less follow it up with
feeble arguments, for all arguments in such a
cause must be feeqlc. What Is the matter with
the ircr be ashed, with some impatience,
as if it was a new thing that anything should
be the matter with that great family journal.
I told him there was no an awering that ques
tl l Well.” lie continued, it would bo pretty bus
ness, alter all the lass aud clamor the Democ
racy has made about rings and monopolies, to
take up a notorious ring master and monopolist
and run him for President. That would bo con
sistency, indeed I Aud Mr. Johnson vigorously
thrust the poker in the lire as a sort of an escape
valve for his outraged feelings.
“Have yon'noticed that the Washington Patriot
nrces Charles Simmer as a suitable man for the
Democrats to vote fori” I asked.
Yes. I saw that, and it is even moro absurd
than the Tom Scott proposition. The idea of the
Democracy supporting Charles Sumner is too ut
terly preposterous to talk about. What sort of a
victory must his election bo I A victory for true
democratic government I for State rights? for
the constitution? or for what J”
Mr. Johnson paused for an answer, but the
magnitude of the subject overwhelmed mo, aud
1 dul not feci ronipotent to give one.
Ko,” continued ho, “whenever you see the
Democracy walking up to the support of Mr.
Sunnier and his principles, you will ace them
going to their own funeral.”
Ex-Congressman Stokes, recently accused
of fraud upon tlio Treasury was discussed,
aud Johnson declared him an ignorant, un
principled ma.i,—who had committed crime
in pure ignorance, having possibly ueverread
the constitution or any statute of the Unit
ed Slates in his life. Incidentally, he re
ferred to the condition of things in Georgia,
Bullock’s flight, Tammany robbery, the
frauds in the Methodist Book Concern, Gen
eral Scheuck’s mining interests, Tennessee
bank swindle, and the conclusion was that
everything was going wrong. Johnson pro
poses no remedy, though a blind man can
see that, in bis opinion, the country cannot
be arrested in its downward tendency until
it sends to Greenville, aud asks Andrew
Johnson again to be its Chief Executive.
Among the miscellany of our last Sunday’s
issue was a piece of doggerel reciting the vir
tues and recording the melancholy death of
a person by tbc name of “Jack Budge, of the
Mud Scow Kate.” The poem”* narrated
bow the here, Mr. Budge, who was accus
tomed to
mash liis clad In the jaw
And slap his mother'd snoot,
’Ami if they chinned him hack again,
Jiluek both their eyes to hoot,
did. upon a certain occasion, save from de
struction the mud scow Kate, by seizing the
barometer which hung “on the binnacle
mast,” and holding it upside down so that
the mercury could not sink toward the bulb
and thus bi iug on the storm which thre aton
ed the celebrated vessel above named. But
tbeellbrt cost the life of the said Budge, who
thereupon went straight to heaven, not
withstanding ho was, by the poet's de
scription, what would be called a hardened
villain.
This disposition of the aforesaid Budge,
together with the miserable slang in which
the doggerel is cast, has caused much grief
to a subscriber of Tin: Tuiuvni: \V. J. J.”),
who sees in it an evidence that his favorite
newspaper is getting shalo' in its theology.
To relieve ourselves of this imputation, wo
wish to mention that the “poem” appears to
have been written as a burlesque upon a
style of literature which has become very
notorious of late, both in this country and
England, and which is known as the “Pike
Literature.” This style of literature is gen
erally reprobated by pure-minded people for
its coarseness as well as its hetorodoxy. One
piece of this Pike poetry has become so fa
miliar to the reading public that it seemed
as if everybody would recognize the story of
“Jack Budge” as a very close imitation
thereof, intended to bring out its objection
able points, and hold them up to public rep
robation. The fact that “W. J. J.” does not
SCO the point, shows that he cannot have
read “Jim Blndso, of the Prairie Belle.”
The hecf-packcrsof tlnscityarc very justly
complaining of the injurious discrimination,
now being made against them, in favor of
Kansas City, by all the railroads running
East from this city, except the Michigan
Central, the oflicers of which refused to join
in the arrangement. Packed beef is now
being carried from Kansas City, through
Chicago, to Kew York for *0 cents por 100
lbs. Of this amount the roads cast of Chi
cago receive -12 cents, while they charge 05
cents per 100 lbs on all the beef shipped from
this city. When it is known that the
ordinary prolife on the operation of
packing in Chicago is barely 10 cents
per ICO lbs, it will be easily
understood how this unjust discrimination
of 23 cents per 100 is operating to the detri
ment of the business in Chicago to such an
extent that while Kansas City has packed
50.000 cattle to date, this season, the beef
packing of Chicago has dwindled down to
15.000 head.
It is understood that a committee has been
appointed, from among the leading beef
packers, to personally remonstrate against
the further continuance of this enormous
difference, -which is especially odious just
now, that the business of the city Las suf
fered so severely from the recent lire.
The Committee on Municipalities of the
Illinois House of Representatives has in
charge a hill, introduced on Tuesday, by Mr
Phelps, authorizing the city of Chicago to
use, for general city purposes, tile proceeds
of any sale of the late front property, instead
of expending it for suburban parks, as now
required by law. The requirement was one
of doubtful propriety, even at the time the
law was passed; hut its unwisdom cannot
now—since the ei 1 y has been laid in ashes
—ho "for a moment questioned. The
fact is, Chicago needs just one thing
now—money; and. ol all things
which she docs not want, nothing suggests
1 itself as being less in demand than suburban
j parks. Resides, the restriction now imposed
might operate, if not removed, against tho
consummation of a most desirable bargain,
j whereby the railroad facilities of the city
can bo greatly improved. If the committee
m question have regard to tho neatly unani
mous wishes of Chicago business men a n q
tax-payers, they will report hack tho hill of
Mr. Phelps, with a favorable recommenda
tion, at the very earliest opportunity.
It is probable that Congress will follow,
with promptness tho recommendations of
the Secretary of tho Treasury, that all inter
nal taxes he repealed except thosoou liquors,
tobacco, and stamps. Indeed, the re-
peal would doubtless have boon made lost I
winter but for tho opposition of the j
administration, now happily with
drawn. Of these, perhaps tho most
unreasonable and unjust is that
on gas, which subjects ©very householder in
cities where gas is used to a tax of six dollars
a year, on tho average, for light; this, in
addition to the exhorhitant rates of tho gas
manufacturers and tho manifold other duos
which contribute to make city living, even
in a comparatively humble style, so much
more expensive than iu tho country. Not
only this, hut many branches of busi
ness, which have already contributed
their quota of tho tax on gross
rcseipts, are again taxed, •to tho
extent of hundreds of dollars yearly, on tho
light which they must necessarily consume.
Tho case of morning newspapers affords a
notable example of this hardship. A tax on
light is not only a taxon comfort, but on
knowledge. It is as much a relic of the mid
dle ages as the old English tax on windows.
Morcoven-it is conspicuously unequal in its
burdens. It has been endured too long al
ready, and should bo abolished at the earliest
day practicable.
THE INTERIOR. DEPARTMENT.
The Secretary of tho Interior, in his annual re
port, devotes considerable space to the Indian
question. He favors a continuation of the present
policy. Tho present Indian population of the
United States ami Territories is about 321,000 of
which 75,C00 are in Alaska, and 3.CCJ iu Florida,
North Carolina. Indiana, lowa, and Texas. Ex
cluding those in Alaska, and those which have no
tribe organizations, the number is 212,371. These
Indians nip on reservations of land amounting to
229,173 square wiles, or 137,916,971 acre?. Excluding
tho 53.470 in the Indian Territory, the remaining
Indian population of 172,000 occupy 95,155,783 acres,
or 538 acres per capita, of land capable ot protit
able cultivation. He advises the gathering of tho
whole 212,371 in tho Indian Territory, where the
land would equal 183 acres per capita of tho
population.
During the last year 10,506,792 acres of land wore
disposed of, of which 1,389.992 acres were sold for
cash, and J4,500,320 taken under tho Homestead
laws. The cash receipts were §2,92q«43.
Thc operations of the Patent OillcS' show an in.
crease of revenue, and make a satisfactory ex
hibit.
The number of revolutionary pensioners
decreased 93 during the year, anti of other wars
prior to tho rebellion 72. The number of pensions
granted In tho year was 17,050, and 8,251 were
dropped, leaving on tho rolls 207,193, calling for
$22,804,994 annually. Tho amount paid during the
year, including salaries, was §33,077,381 53,799
claims for pensions are pending, of which 31.913
are from survivors and representatives of sol
diers of tho war of 1812. The Secretary estimates
that these pensions, when granted, will call foria
all $18,095,853 during their continuance; §30,180,030
arc asked for pensions for the next year.
The ropirts of the Census Superintendent and
of tho Commissioner of Education aro com
mended. The Secretary states, that ho will pro
ceed about January 1 to apportion representation
in Congress, unless that body shall lathe mean
time otherwise provide.
The exhibit of the affairs of tho Union Pacific
Railway is interesting, and.shDws tho following
results:
Subscriptions to capital stock 36,783,003
Subscriptions paid up 36.752,300
Receipts of all kinds 7,352.015
Cost of ro»d, including fixtures 112,793,618
Total indebtedness 71.553,512
Due tho United States 27,236,512
The condition of the Central Pacific Railway is
thus stated:
Subscriptions to capital stock 59.5U.000
Subfcriplious paid up 51,283,190
Receipts 7,325,327
Expenses 3,743.755
Net earnings 3,550.550
Total indebtedness 71,430,732
Due to the UuitedSlatea 27,351,000
The condition of the Northern Paeitlc Railroad
Company is thus stated:
Stock subscribed $100,000,000
Stock paid up 2,241,500
Expenses to Juno 30, 1871 4,9:w,87l
Indebtedness 9,095.754
The Secretary makes a report of the operations
of tho Hospital for tho Insane, the Inebriate Re
formatory, Deaf and Dumb Institution, Hospital
for Women and Lying-in Asylum, and Jail and
Reform School, all in the District of Columbia.
THE RELIEF WORK,
Official Statement of (he Relief nml Aid Society
—Over Fourteen TUou»nnd Fniullle* Receiv
ing Aid at the Present Time.
The Relief and Aid Society, through its Division
Superintendents, is enabled to lay before the pub
lic tho following statement, showing tho number
of Ifamilioß who arc daily drawing rations from,
the Boelcry’a sior?s:
FIRST M.-.TK T.
Number of families aided November 25 3,3 V»
Number ef familes added during thejweek eliding
StPecembi-r 2 956
Number ot families to whom aid was discontinued
during the week emling December 2 255
Leaving families aided December 2 4.107
MiCONh UKrUICT.
Number ot families aided November 25 2,528
Number <d families added during the week ending
December 2 305
Numberof "families to whom aid wa.sdlscoiitinued
during tlie uvek ending December 2 Ml*
Leaving umnbrr of families .aided December 2 2,017*
THIRD lUSTIHCT,
Numberof families aided November2s 3,431
Number of families added during the week
ending Decembtr2
Total 3.539
Number of families to whom)aid was discon
tinued timing the week ending December 2 CO3
Leaving number of families aided Docent*
fourth VdsTitfrr*
Numberof famines aided Novembers? 2,098
Number of families added during tho week
ending December 2 141
Number of lamiii.’s to whom aid was discon
tinued during the weekending December 2.... 76-1
Leaving number of families aided Decembers.... 1,4it7
Firm district.
Number of families aided November S3
Number of families a dried during tbo weekend,
ing December 9v
Total S- 234
Number of families to whom aid was discon
tinned during tbo week ending December *9*
Leaving number of families aided Decembers.... 3,058
SIXTH DISTRICT.
Numberof families aided November 25 308
Numberof families added during tho week end
ing December 2 b
Total 353
Number of families to whom aid was discon
tinued during the week ending December 2.... 24-
Leaving number of families aided Decembers... ill
-AUsCKUANKOLa.
Washington Park barracks 316
Washington street barracks 1 Id
Harrison street and Centro avtiute barracks.... 137
Clybourne avenue barracks 211
Total 807
Giaml total 14,533
RECAPITULATION.
District No. 1 4,107
District No. 2 2,017
District No. 3 2.'J3;»
District Nu. 1 1.467
District No. 5 3.058
District No. 6 *ll
Barracks £O7
Total 14,533
Deeicase. during the week emling Decembers,
in number of tamiUea aided 680
REAL ESTATE.
Instruments Filed for Record on Tuesday,
December t».
CITY PROPERTY
State st, 48 ft sof Thirty-fourth fit, of, 43x125 ft,
daUd Oct. 12 consideration, §O,OOO.
N 1-2 of Lot c in Block 2, Bond’s Addition on n
wl4See. 23,39, 13, being 25x125 ft; dated Oct.
4; consideration, §2OO.
Nl-2 of Lot Giu Block 2, Bond’s Addition in n w
1-4 Sec. 23,39, L'l, being 25x125 ft; dated Boc, 5
consideration, §250.
Hawthorn av. J( oft n of Short st, w f. 150x125
ft, dated Nov. 9.1870, consideration. $3,000.
Canal st, 50 ft n of Mitchell at. e f, 25x100 ft,
dated Oct. 12; consideration, *3,000.
Lots 8 and 9 in Walker’s s 1-2 and nw 1-4 of
Block 11, in e 1 2 5ee.31,39,14; also Lot 45 In Block
7 in Eherhart and Weago’a no I*4 of aw 1-4 Sec. 9,
38.14. dated Nov. 24: consideration, *2.500.
Lots 1 to 8 in E. L. Chapman’s subdivision of
Lots 25 and 20 in Block 5 or Graves’ no l-l of Sec.
24.39.14. being on Colfax av. near Thirty-second
st. dated Nov. 4; consideration, $50,000.
Ilurlhut st, between Linucnst and Nortliav, e f.
4Sx:o ft, with buildings, dated Nov. 22; considera
tion, §2.200.
Lot 24 in Wilson resubdivision of ota 1t033 of
e 1-2 Block 26, Sec. 33,40,14, dated Nov. 27; con
sideration, §2,cco.
Shollosr. between Gurley and Polk sts, w 25x123
ft, dati d Bee. 1; consideration. §2,500.
SLollo it, between Polk and Gurley sts, w f,
25x125 ft, dated Bee. 1; consideration. $2,500-
East 27x100 ft of lot 27, in Hamilton's 5 acr<a in
w 1-2, n e 1-4 Sec. C, 39,14, dated Sept. 13; cousidor
at'cu f*^co
Weft 8 2*3 ft Of Lot 27. and 'e 18 1-3 ft Of L*»t2C,
being £7xloo ft iu Hamilton’s 6 acres, in w 1-2, no
1-4 See. 5,39, 14, dated Sept. 13; consideration,
stco.
SOOTH OF CITY LIMITS.
Loti, in 810ck25 of Egandalc, dated Sept. 2j;
consideration, $11,500.
Lot 2, in Block 25. of Egindale, except that part
conveyed to Park Commissioners, dated Sept. 25;
consideration,sl4,ooo. _
Lot a, in Block 25. of Egandalc, dated Sept. 2j
consideration, SIO,OOO. _
Lot 4, in Block 25, of Egandale, dated Sept. 2j,
consideration, §14,500. 0
Lot Cl. in Lamed Plumb s so 1-4 of Sec 9,33,
14, dated April 5; consideration, S3OO.
WEST OF CITY LIM ITS.
I Ot 5, of Lots 59 and 02. of Original Towu of
Brightou, dated Dec fl; consideration, S4OO.
Tlie annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Port Huron Lake Michigan Railroad was held
at rort Hum (Mich) on the sothult. The follow
ing gentlemen were elected a Board of Directors
for the coming year: Isaac Gale, Bennington;
Artemus Thayer, Flint: Edgar White, Port Hu-
T? a: .i7 v Bancroft, Port Huron; W*. K.Muir,
Hamilton, Out.; Jos. Price, Hamilton, Ont.; V.
I. Drake, I«ew York. The new board elected the
following gentlemen as officers; President, W.
ivEaucrolt Treasurer, Edgar White; Secretary,
L. E. Taylor.
THE COUNTY COMMISSIONERS.
Visit of Inspection to the Coun
ty Hospital,
Reports of the ’Warden of the Insane
Asylum end County Superintend
ent of Schools.
Congress Requested to Refund
the County War Debt.
Reduction of Salaries of Employes oi
the County.
AT THE HOSPITAL
Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Cook
County Commissioners, tho following members
of tbo Board assembled at the Cook County Hos
pital, yesterday morning; Commissioners White
Jones, Crawford, Lonergan, Talcott, Roclle, and
Hcrting, On arriving there, General White and
the members mentioned wore met by the Warden
of tho hospital, Mr. Reynolds, who inquired how
many would be present to dinner, and proffered,
cordially, the hospitalities of Ihe hospital.
General White intimated that the Board of
Supervisors was out of existence, and that the
hour of meeting of tho Commissioners was 2
o’clock. He therefore declined the Invitation.
HEM AUKS OF MR. WHITE.
While awaiting the arrival of other members
of the board, the Chairman, General White, made
a few observations. Ho said the hospital was
built fifteen years ago, when the locality was
essentially suburban. The property on which it
was built belonged to the city, who leased it to
the county, in exchange for tho Reform School
grounds. The situation of tho hospital now, In
the centre of tho city, was a matter that deserved
attentive consideration. It was true that the
central position was of great value in cases of
emergency, such as accidents, whore immediate
attention was of the highest importance,
and where life was prolonged for some
hours iu cases where, but for timely
assistance, death would follow immediately. But
he wished the hoard to weigh against this the
necessity, to many of the patients, ot extreme
quiet and healthy air. In its present situation
ihe former could not bo obtained. A railroad
track ran on two sides of it. and perfect quiet
could nut be obtained under the circumstances.
The hospital had rooai for 175 inmates, and at
present contained 155, the male wards being con
siderably overcrowded.
WARDEN REYNOLDS
pointed out tho lack of any provision for insane
patients awaiting an examination before the
courts. The absence of acoemmodatlous for
patients Buffering from delirium tre
mens also was .a serious drawback.
Cases of tho latter description were coming In as
often as onc-e u month, ami frequently once
every two weeks. There was no accommodation
for them, and to placo them in wards where other
patients were lying was exceedingly detrimental
to the latter. Very recently a man had been
brought to tho hospital. wh« in some drunken
m anner bad broken his leg'. Ho had been in hos
pital u few hours only when he had an attack of de
lirium tremens, veiling aud shouting in such a
wav that his removal to an up stair room was ne
cessitated. Hero ho died. Tho Board of Super
visors had given him instructions not to admit
patients sulferi ng from delirium tremens, but hi
cases like tho above he had no choice.
inspection or Tin: wards.
i.,n r.v 4 v.
After a little more conversation us to tbo ca
pacity of tbo building and the extent of the
ground, tho board proceeded toinspect tho wards.
Everything was in neat order, tho floors bright
aud clean, and tho temperature even and pleas
ant. So fur the members of the board
appeared to bo satisfied, but were very reticent
on all otherpoiuts.
THE PURCHASE OF I)RC«S.
While inspecting tho dispensary General White
propounded sonic' questions to Dr. Emmons, late
chairman of the Hospital Committee of tho Board
of Supervisors, for the purpose of learning tho
system of purchasing drugs as practiced iu. tho
hospital. The most important facts elicited were
that the annual expenditure upau staple and
extra drugs was about sl,ooo. Tho
contract was awarded to the lowest bidder,
though bids were not advertised. Dr, Bluthardt
had the contract for some months yet. Ho was
not a wholesale druggist.
NOTHING REMARKAIILK
There was nothing very remarkable about tbo
Hospital yesterday, except that there are no
lying-in-patients there. Puerperal fever had he
roine so prevalent among the patients of that
kind that for several weeks none, have been ail,
milted. There were no very startling eases
there, except that of one of the nurses, both of
whose legs were cut off by a railroad accident.
The board having concluded their tour of In
spection. once more declined the pressing invita
tion of Warden Reynolds and returned to tho
city.
SESSION YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
The board came to order at 2 o'clock. President
White in the.chair. There were also prevent the
following Commissioners: Ashton, Crawford,
Harris, Harrison, Herring. Joucs, Pahlmau,
Roelle, Skelly, Stearns, and Talcott.
INSANE ASYLUM.
The quarterly report of the Warden of tho In
sane Asylum and Poor House was received. The
leport .‘•bowed the following statistics: The
whole number of inmates, September 1,1871, was
511; admitted eimis 3H: discharged, 300: remaitt-
I*»g December 1.18.1,5fG; average number of in
mates, 054. There had been 21 dehths, ami 8
births during the quarter. There were 2ic insane
patients. The report went on to show the
articles manufactured in the institution.
During the quarter ho hud soul and received cash
for&Hti; cash on hand, $44.C(». Total amount on
hand received this quarter, S:iS3XG. The expen
ditures had been SlB4, leaving a balance Of
81G5.GG due tho county.
Tho report was referred to tho Committee on
Poor House ami Paupers.
BONDS APPROVED.
The bonds of Julian F. Ramsey. County Treas
urer, in the sum of §3.000,'000, and tho same pur
son as Collector, in the sum of §1.500,000, were
read and referred to the Judiciary' Committee.
THE COUNTY SCHOOL FUND.
The annual report of Albert G. Line. County
Superintendent of Schools, was received. Tho
report showed that all Hie papers of his ollico
were destroyed. Tho following tiro too figures
setting forth the financial condition of the county
school fund:
To balance oounty* fund on baud, December
13,1870 *31.73
Amount of Auditor’s warrant, State school
tax 60,617.05
Interest on Stale school fund 3,675.0*5
Interest on county school fund 526.03
Amount of lines received 2,581.37
Amount of principal county school fund 1,100.09
Total §48,677.51
Credit, by deficit of expense account, Decem
ber 13, 1870 29.05
Amount paid Tov n Treasurer on distribution 61330.03
Amount paid mv commission on distribution
and Joans 1,332.89
Principal school fund, loaned per 1aw.......... LiOO.OO
Ollico rent ami expenses 511.60
Principal county Intd on baud to balance..... 81.79
Interest on tires 2,171.71
Total and balance §68,688.51
Attached to tho report was :nt inventory of
notes amounting to $3,450, hearing interest at 10
per cent.
Tho report was referred to tho Committee ou
Education.
TITLES AND ABSTRACTS.
Tho report of tho special committee of the
Bout dot Supervisors on titles and abstracts,
published in The Tribune during tho last session
of that body', was read and referred to the Judi
ciary Committee*
BILLS ORDERED PAID.
Two lulls of Emanuel Rockey, one of §SO for nine
weeks’ hourd, in wailing to prosecute in the case
of tho People vs. Corbett and White, and tho oth
er for Sea for C 3 days detention, were, ou motiou
of Commissioner Ashton, paid.
remission or the war debt.
Commissioner Ashton presented a preamble
ami resolution, the latter ns follows
J.wofm/, That tho County of Cook would most re
sportfully and earnestly request tho Congress of tho
United Mates, through patriotic and humauo motives,
to make an appropriation, at its earliest convenience,
refunding to said county* the amount of indebted.
jiossMi inctureil (llie war debt), for tho purpose of en
abling her to restore Iter public buildings, and save her
ini (her records from alike calamity*, and thereby’at
the same time enable her to give employment to her
thousands of impoverished mechanics and artisans
who have families dependent upon them for support;
ami be it further
i.Yxdmf, That the Clerk of this board is hereby di
rected to fm nl.sli certified copies of the foregoing pre
amble and resolutions to the President of tho United
Mates and .Senators of tho State of Illinois, and our
immediate representatives in Congress, with tho re
quest that they lay tho subject before Congress and
urge the piopiiely of such an appropriation.
The resolution was adonterl.
REDUCTION ot- SALARIES OF COUNTY EMPLOYES.
(407
14,533
.14,5:53
Commissioner Ashton also offered tho following
resolution:
Wiir.nKAS.By the Into disaster tho Comity* of Cook
has fiutVeml great and heavy losses t>\* tho destruction
of her public buildings and records, leaving her with
linam t s exhausted, ami thousands nf her citizens ton
din d homeless, and compelled to live upon charity,
mid in no condition to bear tho biirdun of heavy taxa
tion therefore.
j.vwdmL That we, tbo Board ot Cook County Com
missioners, fully recognize the principle that public
clUcf-H were not created for individuals.” and. there
fore, respectfully and earnestly* request the Legisla
ture of our State to pass a at its
next session, fixing tho salaries of alt unices
in CVok County over which they* have
jurisdiction, at the lowest possible sum consistent
with economy and a reasonable compensation for
sei vices to he rendered and bo it further
Jh-xolrnl, That tho Clerk of this board bo required
to Danish copies of tho foregoing preamble ami reso
lutions to the Governor of the State, and our Senators
and Representatives, with the request that they* lav*
the subject before the Legislature of the State and
respectfully urge the speedy passage of such a Jaw,
The resolutions were adopted—yeas, 10; nays, 3,
ns follows;
IVfls—Ashton, Herring. .Tones, Loncrgan, Pahlman,
Eoelle.SkHly, Stearns, Talcott, amt the President.
Says— Crawford, Harris, nml Harrison.
,ICRY FEES.
Commissioner Ashton moved the passage of tho
following:
Jtewlred, That the Comity Treasurer be required to
n port to this board at his earliest convenience, tho
whole amount paid over for Jury fees during the last
y ear.
destroyed war bonds.
A communication .from the Widows and Or
phans’ Assistance Association of Odd Follows,
asking for duplicates of War Bonds, Nos. 101 and
867 of SSOO each, was received and referred to fho
Finance Cofiimittce.
The board then adjourned until 2 o’clock to-day.
Large Fire-Proof Buildings for Cities.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sn:: The question, What is a tiro-proof build
ing of sutTicient size for the purposes of a great
city f must be at present of very great impor
tance to the business people of Chicago.
I think that grave mistakes have been made in
most of the cities of this country, in this direction,
and that other cities are now in danger at any
time of drought and high winds to the same
dreadful disaster which has destroyed so largo a
portion of your beautiful and apparently fire
proof buildings. I also believe that if the business
portion of Chicago which has been burned over is
rebuilt in the same or nearly tbe same manner
That it was before, the same fate will attend it.
eveu though every dwelling house £lh the city is
made completely fire-proof. It la certain that the
manner of building in Paris, France, is vastly
more tire-safe than in this country or in England,
and that, in consequence, insurance is
less, and tires seldom occur. A very common
method of erecting buildings in our country
b something as follows: A building covering
almost all “out doors” is pat up lathe smallest
possible time, and, when ready for occupancy,
the owner spreads himself, at the expense of the
printer, and we read something in some of the
journals of the day: “The magnificent ware
house at the corner of— street was opened for
the first lime yesterday. It is au ornament,
and should be the pride of every citizen. Ic.has a
capacity of—(here you may tell the million of
tons, «fcc.)—and from basement to attic it is com
pletely fire-proof!” Such has been a common
paragraph of the papers of the United States for
the last twenty-five years. Now, so far as I have
been able to observe tho fate of such structures,
nine out of ten of them Lave, upon taking tiro,
gone up in clouds of smoko, showers of sparks,
and a inmate blaze of fire, resulting in a general
tumble-down of the broken iron, stone, brick,
mortar, and half-burned timbers. Not a few such
have been built and rebuilt, with the same sad
results. Mr. Braidwood. late tho Superintend
ent of the London Fire Brigade, and who, it is
admitted, has had mule experience than
any person for tho past forty years,
wioto to tho people of London
aslollows: “But suppose .a warehouse equal
to twenty such houses, (he has described a dwel
ling-house of 4t),C00 cubic feet, with flooring com
plctelyopcu, supported by east iron pillars, such
Ifoor communicating with tho othois by open
staircases and wells). Suppose further that it is
half tilled with combustible goods, and perhaps
tho walla and ceilings lined with timber. Now, if
a fire takes place from below, the moment it
bursts through tho upper windows.or sky-lights,
tho whole becomes au immense blast furnace.
Tho iron is melted, and in a short time the build
ing is in ruins, and it may be tho halt of the
neighborhood destroyed." After several de
scriptions of fires, whore iron, both cast and
wrought supports gave way, where walls spread,
and thus insured the destruction of so-called
fire-proof buildings, ho says “For flio reasons
above stated, I submit that large buildings con
taining considerable quantities of combustible
goods, with floors of brick arches, supported by
iron beams and columns, are not practically fire
proof, and that the only construction which
would render large buildings fire-proof, where
considerable quantities of combustible goods are
deposited, would be groined brick arches, sup
ported by tho same material, laid in proper
cement.” He further says, and it is the
most important part of his work upon the
subject, and that which the business portion of
the people of this city should most heed: “lam
fully convinced, from a lengthened experience,
that the intensity of a fire, tho risk of its ravages
extending to adjoining premises, and also the
difficulty of extinguishing it, depend on the cubic
contents of the building which takes tiro; and it
appears to mo that the amount of loss would be
very much reduced if, instead of building im
mense warehouses, which give the fire a fortified
position, warehouses were made of moderate
size, with access on two sides at least, completely
separated from each other by party walls, and
pioteetedbyirou doors and windows.” In this
opinion of Mr. Braidwood I fully concur,
and it seems to mo that the busi
ness people of Chicago will bo wise
if they “make haste slowly” now about tho erec
tion of their great buildings. Tho history of the
great ocean steamships should toaeh us a lesson
upon this subject. Once, open their whole im
mense length. If they sprung aleak, or took fire,
their utter destruction was ensured. Now, divid
ed into sections, they are seldom lost from either
of the above causes. I think that the present
rough weather if it continues, will be a great
blessing to the city. New and superb buildings will
he erected, new improvements are about to be in
troduced into steam fire engines, which willmako
them under certain conditions, vastly more effec
tive. than thev are at present, and Chicago will
again if not in too great a hurry, bo not only one
of the most beautiful, but also one of the best and
safest cities in the world. Joseph Bird.
FBOM SPRINGFIELD.
Fees and Salaries of Coimlr Officers.
From Our own Correspondent. s
SmiNGITELD, 111., DOC. 3.
Tbo following is an abstract of the fees of
county officers fixed by tbo Senate bill. The
figures 1,2, o wherever used mean first, sec
ond, or third class. The fees in tho smaller
or first-class counties arc about those allowed
by tho law of 1545:
A Bill for an Act to reduce the tees of certain
County Officers, existing at tho time of adoption
of the Constitution of 1870, and to fix the toes
and compensation of certain County Officers
named therein, who have been or may ha elect
ed under tne provisions of said Constitution,
classifying tho counties according to popula
tion. and tlxing a scale of fees for each class for
the aforesaid, ami to provide for mode of ren
dering their accounts.
Tho bill classifies counties, viz: First, contain
ing 20,000: second, over 20,000 and not exceeding
70,C00; third, exceeding7o,ooo.
CUICHT CLERKS.
Fees, capias, subiucna, or other process not
herein expressly named—lst class, 05 cents; 2d,
25cents; ad, 10 cents. But one suhpicna to ho
charged for every four witnesses, unless actually
made out on request in writing.
Forliling each paper in progress of suit, ex
cepting appeals from Justices of Peaces—i, 3
cents; 2,3 cents; in 3d, all papers in any one suit,
in aggregate 25 cents.
Appeal from Justice of Peace’s appeal, bond,
and supersedeas—l, 60 cents; 2, 35 cents ;3, 15
cents.
Bond for costs, approving and filing sale—l, 10
cents; 2,6 cents; 3, y cents.
Filing and opening each deposition—l, 5 cents;
2,3 cents; 3. nothing.”
Docketing each suit—l, 10 cents; 2, Scents; 3,
6 cents.
Entering orders, rule, for continuance, default,
to plead, or any order actually entered—l, 20
cents; 2, 15; 3,5 cents.
Dcdiintis to take deposition—l,so cents 2, 35
cents; 3,lscents.
Bringing record into court—l, 10cents; 2,5
cents; i»,nothing.
Culling and swearing each Jury—l, 13 cents;
2,30 cents; 3,5 cents.
Swearing witnesses—l and 2, 5 cents; 3, all in
aggregate for 25 cents.
All other oath or affidavit, without seal certi
ficate, or jurat, no fee whatever.
Swearing to affidavit, attaching jurat, and fil
ing— 1,10 cents; 2, G cents; 3,3 cents.
Deceiving and entering verdict of jury—l and
2.10 cents; 3, Scents.
Entering final judgment—J, 25 cents; 2,20 cents;
3.10 cents.
Entering decree in chancery, per 100 words— 1,
10 cents; 2,8 cents; 3,5 cents.
Indexing each ease upon record—l, 10 cents;
2.8 cents; 3, r> cents.
Issuing writ habeas corpus, certiorari proccden
do—l, 40 cents; 2. 30 cents: 3,15 cents.
Assessing damages on boud, note, or other in
strument, report thereof, and filing—l,3o cants;
2,15 cents; 3, 6 cents.
Entering special bail—l,2o cents; 2,13 cents; 3,
5 cents.
Slaking list of jurors, grand or petit—l,lo cents;
2, 8 cents: 3,3 oents.
Swearing constable to take jury—l and 2, 5
cents; 3, 4 *nothing.”
Issuing execution—l, 40 cents; 2,30 cents; 3,10
cents.
Docketing same—l, 10 cents; 2, 8 cents; 3, 3
cents.
Entering Sheriffs’ return on same—l,lo cents;
2, 8 cents; 3, 3 cents.
Entering satisfaction judgment—l, 13 cents; 2,
10cents; 3,scents.
Entering report Arbitrators, Commissioners, or
Referees, or any other special entry—l,lo cents;
2.8 cents; 3,5 cents.
Each ccrt. and seal, other than on process of
court—l, 35 cents; 2,25 cents; 3, lo cents.
Attachment or injunction bona—l,4o cents; 2,
30 cents; 3, lo cents.
Entering appearance of party or attorney (but
once in each case)—l, 10cents; 2, 8 cents; 3, 3
cents.
Attachment for witness—l,2s cents; 2,20 cents;
3.10 cents.
Jury warrant or veniri facias actually made—l,
30 cents: 2,25 cents; 3,10 cents.
Bill of costs on execution amlentering same—l,
30 cents; 2,25 cents; 3,10 cents.
Copy of same when requested—l,2o cents; 2,15
cents; 3,10 cents.
Complete record of proceedings and judgment
for every 100 words—l,lo cents; 2, Scents; 3,5
cents.
Copies, bills, answers, declarations, etc.,—l,lo
cents; 2,8 cents; 3,5 cents.
Certifying and sealing same—l, 23 cents; 2, 20
cents; 3,10 cents.
Sciri /arias or other special writ, etc,, 100 words
—l.lO cents; 2, g cents; 3, 3 cents.
Taking depositions—r, lo cents; 2,8 cents; 3, 5
cents.
Acknowledgment of deeds, power attorney—l,
25 cents; 2,20 cents; 3, 10 cents.
Entry, naturalization and copy thereof—l,lo
cents; 2, 8 cents 3, 5 cents.
Taking each recognizance—l, 30 cents; 2,25
cents; 3, IQ cents.
Arraigulngprisoner—l,2scents; 2,20 cents; 3,
lo cents.
Entering Judgment of conviction—l, 23 cents;
2,20 cents :3, lo cents.
Copy indictments, each 100 words—l,ls cents; 2,
10 cents; 3,5 cents.
Discharge of recognizance—l, 10 cents; 2,8
cents; 3, 5 cents.
Filing all papers in cases of naturalization—l,
25 cents; 2,2t> cents; 3,10 cents.
Recording deed or other instrument, for every
100 words—l, 10 cents; 2, 8 cents; 3, 5 cents.
Printed portions not to he counted and uo charge
allowed for indexing same.
COUNTV CLERK.
Proof of will or testament—l, 33 cents; 2, 23
cents; 3,10 cents.
Recording last will and testament—l,lo cents;
2,Bcents; 3,5 cents.
Issuing letters of administration, letters testa
mentary, with seal, and recording same—l, 75
cents: 2, SO cents; 3,23 cents.
Taking bond of execution or administrator—l,
50 cents; 2,35 cents 3,15 cents.
Citation—l,2o cents; 2,15 cents; 3, 5 oents.
Filing renunciation of widow, etc.—l,l3 cents;
2.10 cents; 3,3 cents.
Proof codicil—l, to cents; 2,35 cents; 3,13 cents.
Recording same, 100 words—l, 10 cents; 2, 8
cents; 2,5 cents.
Ex. and app. sale bill and account, executors
and administrators—l, 30 cents; 2,40 cents; 3,20
cents.
Entering settlement of executors and adminis
trators. iwj words, figures included—l, 10 cents
2. 8 cents; 3.5 cents.
Copy settlement, 100 words—l, 10 cents; 2. 8
cents; 3,5 cents.
Copies, papers, and records, 100 words—l,lo
cents; 2, a cents; 3.5 cents.
Appraisement bills, sale bills, 100 words—l,lo
cents; 2, S cents; 3. G cents.
Letters of guardianship—l,3o cents; 2,23 cents;
3.10 cents.
Bond of guardian—l,23 cents; 2, 20 cents; 3,10
cents.
Indenture of apprenticeship—l, 50 cents; 2,40
cents; 3,25 cents.
License bend for ferry, toll bridge, $1; 2,
73 cents; 3,2 scents.
Marriage license—l, $1; 2,75 cents; 3, 50 cents.
Writiirf quoddanmum— l, 50cents; 2, 40cents;
0,25 cents.
Proof cases of estrays—l,23 cents; 2, 20 cents;
3.10 cents.
Keeping account with administrator,etc.—l,sl;
2,75 cents; 3,25 cents.
For making transcript of taxable property for
Assessor—l each tract of land, 2 cents; town lots,
Icent; 2, tract, 11-2 cents; lot, leant; 3, tract,
1 cent; lot, 1-2 cent. x
Copying Assessor’s return on Collector a
and extending valuation—l, tracts of laud, o
cents; lots,4cents; 2, 4 and3cents; J,2anal
Computing and extending school tax on special
on each tractor lot 1 and-, l cent;
and correcting Assessor’s retnrns.
nmlmailng abstracts ot name. County Board to
nit richt and proper.”
a trending session of Supervisors, etc.—l, $3 per
dav* 2,82.60 per day; 3,81 per day.
SHERIFF.
Sumisona—l,so cents; 2. 40 cents; 3,15 cants.
Chancery summons, writ of injunction, same as
a Tainiig special bail—l,2s cents: 2, 20 cents: 3.
15 cents.
Serving subpoena—X, 23 cents: 2.20 ceata: 3,10
cents.
Advertising property for sale—l, 25 cents; 2,29
cents; a, 10 cents.
Mileage—land 2, 5 cents per mil© eaclx way, 3,
2 cents per mile each way.
Calilngjnrj— 1 and 3,locents; 3.5 coats,
levying execution, or serving attachment—l
and 2, jo cents; 3,23 cents.
t-onimluing each prisoner—l, 33 cents; 2,30
<**»'3.2ocents,
discharging—Sam© as above.
Attending with prisoner on writ of habra* cor
Suy 2 l 30 per day; :»,$l per
an( l acknowledging deed on sal© of
1 2. cents; a.to cents.
rlltlt ate °f sale with duplicate and tiling— l,
£0 cents; 2. 40 cents; 3.25 cents.
Certificate redemption [iiul filing same—l, so
ccnis; 2, 40cents; 3,20 cents.
Taking all bonds or legal process—l, 30 cents;
2,4ocents; 3,20 cents. x
Executing capias in criminal cases where of
fence is infamous—l, $u o, 73 cents; 3, 50
cents.
Where offence is not infamous—l. 30 cents ;2,
•10 cents; 3, 20 cents.
Convicts to Penitentiary where 1 is conveyed—
1, 20 cents per mile; 215 cents per mile;::. lu
cents per mile, going only; where 2 are con
veyed, 1, 20 cents for-one, 13 ccatSjtor second
2,15 and 10cents; 3.10 and cents.
2 or more—l,2o cents; 13 and 10 cents for each
one above 2. 2, 13 cents; 10 cents; s cents; 3,10
cents; Scents: 5 cents.
Attending Supremo Court—l, $4 per day; 2,
per day: 3753 per day.
In addition to above fees, 3 per cent on all sales
of real and personal estate.
For all ex-officio services County Board al
low Sheriff SIOO per annum.
COUONER.
Holding inquest S3.
Jmy of inquest. sl.
Burial expenses, $lO. _
When performing duties of Sheriff, the same
fees.
COUNTY TnEASUKEKS.
First-class 2 per cent on moneys, county orders,
and jury certificates received by them.
Second-class 11-2 per cent.
Third-class 1 per cent.
No compensation is allowed for disbursing to
successor or any other person or officer.
COUNTY JUDGES.
$4 per day while holding court.
ASSOCIATE JUDGES
$4 per da v when necessarily employed.
ABELARD AND HHLOISE.
Historical Lecture by Dr. John Lord, Deliv
ered on Tuesday Evening at the Union Park
Congregational Church.
Dr. John Lord delivered his second lecture in
this city, at the Union Park Congregational
Church, on Tuesday evening, the subject being
the mournful story of the love of Abelard and
Heloiso. The weather being the most inclement
of the season, and the lecture out of tho regular
course, the audience was not large. The tale it
self has been often told, yet rarely lu public.
But tho names of tho two unhapply lovers have
been tho watchwords of true affection i n all time
and are destined never to be forgotten.
Dr. Lord is not perhaps tho one to whom one
should be in haste to look for a romance of young
passion. [He has passed three score, and has
about him something of tho air of Now England
asceticism, as known half a century ago. Neither
has he the winning tones, nor the polished man
ner of the great orator. His voice has a nasal
quality, not agreeable to tho cultivated ear, and
liis gestures, although sufficiently energetic, are
spasmodic and monotonous. It is in fullness of hr
formation alone that tho lecturer comes up to a
high ideal, when treating of historical subjects
that border on ramanco. He has a fitness for
such studies, and to them he has given mauy of
the bess years of his life. Ho delivers annually
an extended course of historical day lectures in
New York city, which are largely patronized by
the most cultivated people of the great metropo
lis. Tho thoughtful care of the man
agers of tho lecture course had
raised the temperature of the auditorium to an
agreeable warmth, thus avokJng ons cause of
distraction. The auditors listened with a quiet
and attentive interest, and applauded with con
siderable emphasis at the close. A prelude upon
some theme from a passionate French romaaz.i of
the middle ages would not have been inappropri
ate, but tho co uloan pipes of the organ were
silent. A few of the more striking bars of Bar
bara Allen played lotto, and with a feir//hcf?o
movement, might even have fallen soothingly
upon the ears of the sombre audience
The lecture embodied not only the sad story of
forbidden love, but an analysis of the tender
passion, slightly dry and anatomical, yot correct
and cxcilont. The speaker said, in introducing
his theme: I aim to the difficult labor of des brib
ing in a history of Heloiso that great sentiment
without which few men and women can be hip
py. It is allied with lower sentiments, yet im
mortal in its nature, infinite in its capacities,
holy in its aim, subtle in its contradiction*,
and when pure, at once a passion and
an inspiration.” Socrates told his
pupils there wore two Venuacs, Venus
Polyhymnia, and YonusUrania, the one presiding
over the spiritual affections, the other over the
sensual desires. Dante paid, tribute to the pur
ity and nobleness of tho purer love. Poets of all
ages aud times had done likewise. Shakspcaro
had made his heroes and heroines talk the senti
ment in lines of great beauty. Milton, in his
transcendent poem. “Paradis© Regained,’* mikes
that consummation follow upon the giving of her
full sympathy by woman to man.
But the genius of poet}*, even sanctified by
Christianity, has never imagined such immortal
love as -ffes esClopUilQilla sow ose i U tuo life
of Hqlcvls©. There was exhibited, the contest be
tween the two Venuses named by Socrates- By
Ibe French she is placed high among the saints,
and by every succeeding century sno has been
revered. Her birth occurred about tho year 1101.
It has been supposed that she belonged to the
illustrious family of the Montmorenci. Her
youth was spent with her uncle, who was u Canon
of the Cathedral of Notre Dame, but it is uncer
tain whether or not ho was her Jrttlwr. SllO
was possessed of great natural beauty, which
consisted, however, largely fa expression rather
than in regularity of feature. Her eyes wero
radiant with genius and with att’oetioa. The
Church dignitary with whom she lived was proud
of her. and sent her to a convent to be educated,
those institutions then beingthoonlyplacss where
females could receive tho rudiments of learning.
The progress made in study while there was re
markable. She acquired bo excellent a knowledge
of Latin that she could speak It as fluently as her
native longue. The course of study completed,
she returned to the house of her uncle on an
island in the Seine, where rose to heaven tho tow
ers of the great cathedral of Notre Dame, and
where were the splendid palaces of the King.
Amomg the priests of that ora were found the
only educated men—the only true gentlemen of
the time. The priests embodied in themselves tho
only literary excellence of the period, combined
with social distinction.lcarningandculture. They
were the most attractive men of the middle ages,
of polished manners, witty above all men of tneir
times. Among these, persons Heloiso was
thrown. She found herself, with her fine culture,
superior not only to her uncle, but to most of
those with whom she was brought in contact.
Many of the Church dignitaries were mere pedants
and sopliists, jealous of their reputations, and
liossesscd of less sterling qualities than she had
»een taught to expectin them. She liked them
not; she pined for deeper sympathvand higher
appreciation. Her own fine qualities were not
called into exercise. She lived within herself, too
conscious, perhaps, of her own superiosity. She
was admired for her beauty, wit, and learning,
hut imperfectly comprehended.
Among the visitors who were attracted to the
house by the reputation of her beauty and wit
came a man as years of ago, by profes
sion an ecclesiastic—a man with high forehead,
fiery eye, majestic air, severe yet elegant dross,
aristocratic manners, and by turns affable
i and haughty. People in the streets wore wont to
gaze on him as ho passed. This ecclesiastic was
Peter Abelard, a man of extensive learning, groat
eloquence, and u prospective brilliant future. Ho
devoted most of his timo to dialectics, a branch
of learning then held in high repute. Ho went
from convent to convent, then the great logical
arenas, confounding his adversaries, and intent
rather on confounding others than in disseminat
ing useful knowledge. Ho added to the tas«.e fox*
metaphysics, the love of poetry, and great skill
in versification. His verses wereovarywhere ad
mired and read. His habits were solitary, and he
lived much apart, filled with visions of but own
fame. Poetry was his recreation, philosophy his
study.
Paris was then as now, the great centre of
learning and elegance, and thither Abelard went
He entered the school of Wm.Cqamran, and be
came soon one oftbo most prominent scholars
Scholastic information was then Imparted by lee
tures, to which the students listened, and upon
the topics suggested, afterward disputed among
themselves. w J5y Ids singular eloquence ami
acumen, he gained the admiration
of the whole school. His master
soon became fealous, for Abelard
not only dared to dispute with him. but to ask
him questions difficult to answer. At this time
tho young student was only 20. There was
trouble in tho school. Some aided with the teach
er and some with Abelard. He retired to Melun
and set up as a lecturer himself. Tho opposition
was great, but the rooms of the young teacher
were crowded. He meditated the discomfiture of
his old master. Coming back, ho established
himself just without the gates of Paris, where the
Pantheon now stands.
The study of divinity next attracted the atten
tion of the young ecclesiastic. He entered the
school of Anselm, hut the same troubles followed
him. He discovered that the field of divinity was
a barren field—a smoke in which not a
flame was visible. Ho set up for a lecturer him
self, claiming that all bis success came from ge
nius and inspiration, and not from study. Tno
number of his pupils Increased to live thousand.
Among those of his followers who afterward
distinguished themselves, were Pope Innocent
111., nineteen Cardinals, and one hundred other
ecclesiastical dignitaries. They filled his coffers
with gold, and curried his fame to every quarter
of the civilized globe.
Such was tho man of 33, whom Heloisc
met at the early ago of 13. She was
intensely idolatrous of intellectual excellence.
They two became violently enamored of o»ch
other. In order two carry out his designs more
easily, Abdard obtained a residence In the house
of the uncle of Ilcloise, pretending to superintend
her education. The Canon was delighted to re
ceive a man whoso fame filled the world.
supposed teacher was directed to use mnws, it
necessary,in imparting Instruction. )Uiuty‘
woman, constituted like Heloiso, could.
manly charms of such a teacher? T w 9''i|L
as old as the world, and in its hrsiumr
need not he detailed here. Ther, on
mutual Infatuation, and a fame
which made the two lovers ’"idioai
and duty. The giving of and
to the teacher. Ho could only wnta di>wil bI
these were all of love. lub at
weapons hero, as Hercnlos laid nm u id hive
the Court of Omphaie. This lovo a (|)at tUilt
naturally Deer.followed by_ “-“gJSf.reit should
could not be. Such rll V cr 11 V,1,,]r nuptials, uud
have been consummated. uy |nll
priestly bcnedlctiondJUt the W cro n!ltllr ji
vows intervened. compatible with
irresistible, and Ijlscluati(m- with
tho sentiment of or legs extent no man
out these “i.Sftmcldevotion of women, and
may ho sure of too fonu ldcljty ot mm. lon
no woman can rclj t VBt mystery It is. Un
carmot solve the o J oatK lir a circumstances
happy aro those !m011 ;l i union, lio scandal
do not to m j ced tire ardent loves of
would now hare ms passion could have
Abelard and aacred ordinance of mar-
M Wth that consummation they might hare
re i r c ,ho'nMteiorhio Idea that entered into
™o C Hf> life presented a powerful burner
tho instincts ot Nature, and the
law?''of God. Celibacy opposed the
sonernal will, and obscured the fame and
nnnnrcts of Abelard, and consigned him to con
im© and leaomony. He was supposed to be m ir
ried to the Church, and he would be unfaithful to
his vows should' he allow himself to be boun d
connubial ties. Marriage was denounced by tao
liebts of the Church as contrary to the hoi/
aiunle of Christ. Upon the Church must forever
rest the respousibilitv for the hapless fate o.
a belaid and lleloise. Had the philosophic inam
orata been os bold in fighting the canons of the
Church in respect to marriage as regams errors
m diviuitv. his mime would have been even mom
sweetly embalmed in the hearts o! remote gea-
e TUo prolonged intimacy at l ist created scapd il
in the schools aud in the Church. They cried enc
that Abclanl had sacrificed philosophy, fame
nnddutr to a second Delilah, lleloiso was even
uiote afcecled than himself. She opposed tao
man iase, knowing that this holy rhe wouid con
clemn him to obscurity, neglect, and reproach.
Even to such a blind fanaticismas this the woman
nas k-d. Abelard misbt have consented tp mat
rimonv if Helotse had desired or urged it. but
with a" at range perversity she refused. Tao repu
tation of Abelard was dearer to her tlian her own
fair name. She sacrificed herself with a woman s
tine nobitit)' to his fame. Therefore, she reaped
a harvest ox ignominy so sad that all succeeding
generations have went for pity and sympathy.
Her love blinded her to all laws human ami
divine. But the demon of love was not vet exor
cised. In the spirit of self-sacrifice which ani
mated her. she was apparently unconscious of
the degradation of her position. She entreated
him to sacrifice her to his fame—to permit her to
adore him as a devotee—even to reduce liar to tho
rendition of those unfortunates despised by the
woihi. rather than that the Church should be de
prlvcd of its brightest ornament and star. She
fainted for him. in bright colors, the unpleasant
I features aud contradictions of wedlock, chambor
maids and writing desks, cradles and pen*.
spindles and books, the lullaby of nurses, the
i babble of servants.
1 Therefore, contented in concience, at last, with
her calculating/ and self-denying persistency,
Abelard contented himself with a secret raarri
-1 age. Alter a night spent in praver in one of the
churches, he received the nuptial
blessing in the presence of the
uncle of Ileluise. and a few mutual friend*. But
i the secret transpired. Then Abelard denied tho
story, being seconded by Ileloise. The experi
ence of lands XIV. and Madame de Maintenon
had this remote precedent. A secret marriage
was attended with many embarassments. The
enemies of Abelard rejoiced at his downfall.
Both persisted in their denial of tae marriage.
She sacrificed herself finally for
him. and ho accepted the sacrifice, but not with
out hitter pangs. The uncle was indignant. Ahel
aid retired ton convent, and Helbise did th«
same. He renewed Ms studies of philosophy, and
she gave herself up to a life of conventual devo-
He appeard to forget his love so thorough
ly did he. become \vrapi»ed up iu the schema of
Ids ambition. He erected a building of stone and
timber widen he dedicated appropriately, and
culled the' Paraclete, fllcro Ids most brilliant
days were spent. Ills intellectual boldness In
creased with the number of students and hU
fame. Three thousand young men attended his
lectures on philosophy.
But he excited the ire of Bt. Bernard, whoso
eloquence and asceticism and indignation proved
too strong for even Abelard. Abelard gave up
the Paraclete to f Helnise, and took charge of tha
convent of St Glldas, whose monks were riotous,
untamed, barbarous. They spent their days in
hunting, and their nights in revelling. The doors
of their convent; were.adorned with the cars,
feet, and skins of wolves and hears caught iu the
chase. The severity of Abelard did not please
them. They opposed him in every manner.
They poisoned the sacramental wine.
Here fifteen years were passed in
alternate cold, study, and suffering. In his
misery he sought Divine help. He wrote a history
of his tetrible trials, which found its way into
The hands of llclolso, Abbess of tho Paraclete.
She wrote a response, tender, true, loving, and
comforting, and showing all the old regard. Ho
replied with a sort of negative warmth. Again
she wrote, and again he replied with greater
heart and nobler feeling.
Tho letters are preserved entire. IVith pas
sages from these, a upon
love, and a plea for women supposed to be fallen
and lost, the lecture closed, wisely ignoring the
more delicate and ignominious passages of tho
history of the two lovers, Abelard and Heloise.
CITY AFFAIRS IN BRIEF.
The Pacific Hotel.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of tho
Pacific Jlorel •wag held yesterday forenoon, at tho
office of Judge L. B. Otis, Xo. 101 Harrison street.
The meeting represented stock to the amount of
5573.0C0. Among those present were the Hon. W.
B. Ogdon, the Messrs. Peck, the Presidents of the
Lake Shore Michigan Southern, and Rook
Island Pacific Railroads, L. B. Otis, and
Henry M. Smith. The meeting proceeded to tho
election of a Board of Directors for the ensuing
year. Tho old board were unanimously rc-elected.
being as follows: J. F. Tracy, Albert Keep,
Lucius B. Otis, Hugh Biddle, and Harrold S.
peck. The meeting approved fully of tho action
of the Board of Directors. They have now under
consideration plans for the re-erection of the
building, in as commanding a style as before. It
will probablv have three iron fronts on La Salle,
Jackson, and Clark streets. Tho debris is now
being rapidly cleared away. As soon as this is
done, the work of rebuilding will bo commenced.
The foundation was not injured by the lire.
Police Court Constables.
Perhaps the largest class of office-expectants in
waiting npon the new City Government, arc those
who have an anxious eye npon the three positions
of Constable in the Police Courts of the different
divisions of the city. The number of applicants
for these positions, which are supposed to bo
“fat,’* is large and it Is almost a pity to crush
tijeir hopes. The City Attorney and Cor
poration Counsel having been re
quested to look into the statj'*
of these officers, have addressed a note to the
Mayor to the effect that, under the new constitu
tion, all Constables must bo elected, and that there
is no power vested in the Mayor to appoint Police
Court Constables, or any ether. Want will bo
done to provide the necessary officers cannot bo
known; but it would seem entirely feasible to de
tail three policemen to perform the not very oner
ous duties of the office. Probably
there would bo applicants enough ou
the force. Tho only visible result o,
the decision will he the absolute waste of time of
anv persons who hereafter persecute the Mayor
for the appointment.
Relief Items,
Tho Good Samarium Society of this city arc* m
rceoipt of a Jargo donation of canned fruits and
jellies, from the good ladies of Coshocton, Ohio.
—Tho Ladies Relief and Aid Societv of Ports
mouth, Ohio, have contributed fire boxes of ex
cellent clothing and bedding, and tea boxes of
jellies, etc., to the Chicago sufferers, which havn
been received and distributed by private indi
viduals.
—The statement of cash contributions received
by the Relief and Aid Society, published in these
columns a few days ago. contained one very
glailng error. It credited Vermont with sending
the magnltlccnt sum of $369,220, while the actual
amount received was only $1,C93.20. The error
was the result of bad punctuation.
—The Tiro Republics (city of Mexico) newspa
per, of Xovcmlter 18, contains a list of tho contri
butions in Mexico to the Chicago sufferers, tho
total subscription amounting to $2,373. The
amount Is heavy for the limited number of sub
scribers (21) ana tho peculiar state of affairs in
Mexico at the time when the call was made.
—At a meeting of the Svea Society for the relief
of their suffering countrymen in this city, a com
mittee was appointed for that purpose, consisting
of the following gentlemen; O. G. Lange. J. T.
Applcberg, 21. P. Oryden, L. F. Hussanucr, C. J.
Stenquist, and P. A. Sundelius. This oommitteo
will be known under- the name of the Swedish
Relief Committee, of Chicago, to which all letters
should bo addressed. Countrymen residing out
side of tho city, and who feel disposed to con
tribute to the above fund, are invited to sand
their donations to tho above address.
Announcements.
Pei sons having books belonging to tho Y. M. C.
A. Library arc requested to return them to tho
library room, No.0» West Randolph street-
—The annual meeting of the Ladies’ Christian
Union will be held in the parlors of the First Con
gregational Church, corner of Ann and West
Washington strcets.this afternoon at 21-2 o’clock-
All those interested In the work of this society are
earnestly invited to be present.
—A scientific meeting of tho State Microscopi
cal Society will bo held in tho library room of the
Michigan Avenue Free Library, on Friday even
ing, when IT. W. Fuller will read a paper on ,4 Tlio
Proper Caro of tho Microscope and its Accesso
ries,” and H. H. Babcock a paper on Diatoms of
Chicago Hydrant Water.”
—W. R. Salmon, map agent, 7C South Halsted
to inform his real estate customers
that, in the lire of Monday night last, in Rufus
Blanchard's map manufactory in Wheaton, soma
sixty conies of Van Vechten’s large map of Chi
cago, width were in process of mounting, were
burned, but he can duplicate maps of Hyde Park
and of Chicago, 1803, m a week or two. He can,
also, furnish a fine, large sectional map of Illi
nois, and is ready to put up in ip-racks, with
spring rollers, at short notice.
Personal*
Rev. Father Damon, of this city, who has beau
on a missionary tour to New York, has succeeded
in bringing back to the fold, and making an hou
estcitizcn, of Mike Coburn, a brother of Prize
lighting Joo, and himself once a notorious pu
gilist,
—The American Ucqislcr nf Paris, of Jipv. IS,
contains the whereabouts of Chicagoans abroadi:
Paris, Mr. ami Mrs. O. I- Kelts. Mr. and Mrs. J.
M. Richards. Mr. and Mrs. Rj-erson. Miss Spen
cer, Kelson Tlioiaassoa, George
Gulden Carurth; Rome, Mrs. Clar». and dangii
information in regard to Miss Korcliner.
Sire tlTo Are. wltu Mr. Moench. drui
flutteriu hotel circles. Tho proprietors
'^tan^Vrst-elass establishments left in tile citr
rmmd early in the mornln? mahin-r iuqm-
Sml,“ minus loextend to His RovalHighness
tic hospitality of his house during His Highness’
visit.
Yesterday’s Fires,
v 11:15 yesterday morning lire was discovered
drying-room of Thayer «fc Tubey’a furni
fttro manufactory. No. 85 AS ost Randolph street,
and the department was brought to tho place by
an alarm from Box No. 27C, turned in by Thomas
Scuilv, of Hamlin’s Merchant’s Police. Tho
flames -were speedily subdue<l, but not before
obouts2.ooo damage had been done to the build
ing and its contents. The loss Is covered by in
surance. Cause of lire unknown.
—An alarm was given from Box No. 211 at lulf
£ast a o’clock yesterday morning, lire having
roken out lu a small frame building in the rear
of No: 2C5 West Kinzie street. Tho structure ami
its contents, which consisted of boards and car
penters' tools, wore totally destroyed. George
Smith owned and occupied it, and estimates hi*
loss atfCQO. He is Insured forthat amount in,tho
Merchants* and Firemen’s of Chicago. The origin
of the tiro Is a mystery.
Christ Church Free Dispensary.
The Board o! Directors of the Christ CUurc-i
Free Dispensary beg leave to ackhowiea-c.
through tho columns of Toe Taruc-st.
contributions of medicines and
from the following sources: The
Naval Laboratory New York. throixS** the Bu
reau of Medicine and Surgery, by K« vr
Honorable Secretary of ™,iLidelDliia
Messrs.' Powers Weightman. Jfflgdelphla;
Messrs. Bullock Crensha*.
Messrs. Jno. Wyeth &Bro..PbiladiU>ina.
F. Fongora «fc Co., medicines have
Plielan, Evansville, Ind. „j!efthe destitute sick
been contributed for the Diri ctor3 desire to
of our city, and the. Emfcioi n daily from
announce that the Dispensary Medical Board lava
2 to 3 p. m.. lt °LJtniroii3 medicines aal
SKSJffl a WU3IW
apply.
»r