THEOLOGY AND SONG.
THE BOSTON RADICAL CLUB.
NOVEMBER UPETING—TPOEM BY CB CRANCH—
ME. LONGPELLOW,; MR, ALCO, AND GRE T1 uIND.
Poston, Nov. 2.—We have in orthodox
eh relies varios preparatory services; and it was, per
haps, a radical rendering of this sane idea to call to
pethes a scloct few in Mrs, Sargent's parlors, the evening
be fore the lab, We assembled, fn the pleasant glow of
easlight and firclight, to listen to an essay by Mrs,
Howe on Moral Trigonometry. All the mysieries of Life
shaped thanselves to her vision in triangles, She saw
everywhere tho third power which, like the key-tone to
the areh, wnt d and made perfect the others, Between
lovers is their untual faith, Law is the third fn con
tracts koror, perhaps, in foendship. Between God and
pan shall we soy thegehurely, or the spiril 7 ever) where
the myate tions aud indispensable Third. Looking about
“im the Bish that followed” the essay, one Nad leisure
to notice the well known face of Mr, Jumes T. Fields,
‘nd not far away Mr, Clark, one of bis successors in the
new firm at the New Corner. Mr. Crareh, who was te
read peat diy beoore the Club, Rad eonie in from dining
with the anther of the RBizlow Papers™ to learn how to
solve tho problems of life by moral mathematios, Mr
Shaner of ihe london Daddy Nag was
near ned libor to Mr. Goddard of The Dos
tn Adroiaer. Gen. Armstone from Bampton,
1 ward C Towne, loo arg as mild and easily pleased as
MOtas pem vere tot the heenest of lances, the Bev, Samuel
Lor zfeilow, ond a dozen other men of niore or less note
were acatterod bere wud there among won as witty
and winson e os Du brethren wore wise and well-known,
Mago! this tidiant company, with uch welcome addi
tionsus A. Lron-on Alectt, Mr Potter fiom New-Bed ford,
avd Pr. Bait], cate togather again neat day, at Noo 17
Chestiut «tat the regular meeting of the Clad, to hear
Me CoP Coane read a poem, It was the fiest occasion
en whitch a poo, had been substituted for an essay, and
of course the mmotation gave rise to some speculation,
“What will there be to discuss in verses I" asked one and
another, tut the result proved that themes for subse
cient discon se were not wanting, Mr. Cranch's title
wae The 1nd and the Bell,” areal bird and a real bell,
which sy mool zed, as the theme grew, the clear music of
vooural reigon and the brazen clangor of dogmatie
theclogy, The poem opened with a deseription of an
carly morn of early Spring, in Forenee in which,
Vakine from boop, the poet heard the carol of a bird, so
coear and frock faa no heart coud hear it and net ree
Jowe=—a carl al yonth, and hope, and spring Upon this
piisie broke the clamor of a brazen bell, joaned in a io
Lic rt by a ended more,”
Cr ave Vlistened in the dead of nicht,
Woon al Mose towers Dhe chanting pric-ts hove
nirav: d,
And coved tones seemed tangled in the lnght
Of poliers,”
“THY BIRD AND THE BELL —SCUSSTON BY
pr. PARTOL, JOHN DWIGHT, MRS. HOWE,

While Lis *incessant peal filled G11 thefade,™ the sweet
Yard ew drowned and ceased, and the clare ge
bell geerved a osvmho! of the chore of many hard ns,
gricvoas to be Lorne, which drowns with the mmonotenons
cehoof $s ciecds and formulas the glad, spontaneons
voor thes cnn ne sould to its God, Here followed a
Los avme Sropie to the mighty febareli- the Church of
Poot old, but Sti adorned with jewels of her youth”
Me Craver sow in this “wrinkled bride, affianced to the
WA" the parse, not the mother of ari--an unwise
Bur eg alr an os cnatnpingg and fettening the children in hea
coaree, wine hese great soils looked over and boyond
thom pron wale, and canght from the earth below and
the shios alove new splendors for Rote's tarnished
crown, Sth, addressing tis crue: fotoi-moder, he
cried:
“pathese a daring thoneht thon host not ernshed?
1s these a cea tons faith thon past not cursed!
Crk Sorceress, Whose Cireean enp bereft
Moe cl Bas fair proportions and large hope!
Toy throne 18 bunlt on darkuess,

Art thon ont mother, truly None so hold
A= rt thy vatl, and show how Lard aad cole
Tose eyes of tyranny that mouth of enile
Prat low aud narrow brow—the witchorart of that
Hilie,
That TR. sanile, deluding while it warned.”
A picture followed of Italy strugzhing for her freedom
—then of Maly made free, while
“Orpe nntions greet her as some lovely anest
Arrive tate, where friends pour out the wine.
Ave, pres around, und pledge Yer in the best
Y oti wbie yields, and in her praise combine!
And ve who love her mort, press near, and twine
er ioche with wreaths, and x her large, dark ey es
roe all the sorrowing Past, and her great Future rise,”
Mr Cranch thins that thir chureh of davkness can do
Little to-day, when the sunfof proeoress is risen. But we
of today way not boast ourselves, unless
SWe are, indecd, go sare our fanth is best
That we can dare to leave it large and tree,
Nov tear to bring the creed Lo reason’s west,
Scorvine int ranee toward all who sec
With other eyes.”
Errivine thas, thronsh trast infGod and man, and tolora
tion toward all sineere bebeving, for the trutl—
“Toe mnsie of the gonl ean ne'er be nite,
What taonsh the brazen elang oi antique form
Stop for a hundred years the angel's Inte,
he apcel smiles, and when the deafening storm
Fis peated wong the gee, he sings aeain,
Clare rand sweeter, hike the sunshine after rain.”
Dr. Bartol tellowed the poem with a reminiscence of
Footer Tavior, who went back to hia childhood’s home
in Virgin when he was pearly 70 years old, and asked
tose cot Johnny.” Toeyiwent ont and found an old
gray hedrea, tottering man, and brought kim in, and that
wis “litte Johnny It wade him think of this story to
Jook at brother, Craneh, who had been a fellow student
woth bitin the divinity school at Cambridge, 35 years
Soo He wae Ziad to see azain, if not John, Christopher;
ood ebdd to hear Christopher's poem, It Reemed to him
Us great est question about any truth, “Can it be sung?
cant be set to music? The words of Jesus were of
themselves rtavthnvical; they were asong of hope, a chant
of courage: but this test would make sad work of dog
Jodie theology, We ~honld have trouble to ging Calvin
=o. Becton bonot msical, nor is everlasting punish
meat melodious, Father Taylor once said, in his pres
cuoe, to bry Bushuell, “Can a Calvinist be a Christian
“of course be can,” sald Dr. Bushnell. “Don’t be so fast.
You say the Lor i elects him—that is to say, he is pushed
jute heaven at the end of a gtick. Now suppose, after a
tort of vears, the Lord thinks it well to turn the stick
round, and pion him into the other place. Would hie be
satisticd If he wouldn't he's no Christian.”
1
Jotun Dwicht, that man of music whose alphabet fs a
o ale, tenal hed that to the statement that Calvinisia
cannot be sung, oppozed itself the St. Matthew Passion
Music of Bach. ‘Taat musie—one of the Joftiest and most
we pired vtterances of musical eendus—is literally a sing
sur of Calvivisn, in all its details, But, to be sure, it is
ore than this, for the something greater than all creeds
nt. dt is only the true which can be truly sung. Mrs,
Howe prascd Mr, Coauch's poem as atrue poem, organic
avd vital, a noble result of transcendentalism, Let us
«21 this Chinistopor, as one of old, Christopher the Dis
coverer, for be hus shown us the new world of the new
thoughts.
Air. Longfellow remarked that in the issne between
nature and theology there was indeed something to be
said on the ecclesiastical ¥ide of the question; but there
were enough to take that side—~the Free Religiomsts had
given themselves to Nasure, were ready 0 trust to the
ideas und emotions native to the human spirit. To be
sure, in some directions we are afloat, but to be afloat is
what a «hip is made for. If we sink, u is for want of
fot. Mr. Potter recurred to Dr. Bartol's, statement
that Calvini-m could not be ung, and asked on what
shelf we were to put “Paradise lost.” Mrs. Cheney,
with a fommine sympathy for the weaker side, wade a
yentie Little Plea for Cudvinism.  Auything which had
done =o much for human nature must have some good in
it. bir. Lartol sand that he referred only to the dogmas
of Calvmusni. avery faith can be suug, but not every
doginug and the five points of Calvin he found as unmu
sal ax the Five Points of New-York. Mr. Towne be
neved that great works and great truths sing themselves
Carvin can be found thoughts breathing a pure spiritual
Hedge amd, lately, that no religion over startod by man
hod died. The tire of the Parsee has not yoi gone out.
Never was thie Roman Catholic Church go vigorous as Lo
dav, and at is the busiest, as the largest, of all the
conrchies. It must ond will be modified, but it will re
win a creat and awful foree, on which, indeed, other
torces pay, and over which moves the great will which
ix tae supreme toree of the universe, L.C. NM.
rie PRISONERS FOTY DERT IN LUDLOW-AT. JATL
NOT DRCHARGED=—JUDGE BARNARD S ONDER
I THAYER AA EY
a
CTE PRISONERS TOR DERT IN LUDLOW ==1. JALL
NOT DIRCHARGED=—JUDGE BARNARD'S ORDER
TGNORED,
Io the Editor of The Tribune,
sis The civil suit prisoners in Ludlow-st,
Jail would like to know what is doing with their cases,
Wore we discharged on the 2d inst, or was that only a
poiitical farce to make capital ont of our miseries for
election purposes t Docs Judge Barnard still intend to
vindicate bis order, or docs he intend to leave us here,
after declaring imprisonment for debs unconstitutional
Have Judge and Sherif joined for the purpose of a grand
poiitical humbng to trifle with our misfortunes for their
own gam? What can or what ought we to do in our
prooent state of suspense? We are here on a charge
ranch harder than a ahminal charge, for a criminal can
demend a treinh im a few days, while a civil sait prisoner
bas to remain bere for wonths, Some remain for years,
and suffer the penalty of an offense that they are not
salty of, ard yet cannot prove thems ves innoeout of,
becanse they cannot get a trial. Tuere are men here
who have been arrested criminally and diseharzed,
th te being no evidence of guilt against them, and then
vinnediately arrested eivilly, and thrown in here without
any chance of a bearing, Please give us such jnstrae:
tion aud informacion as we need, and yon will have the
thanls of many a veary heart. Pook Puisonin,
Lulow st, deil, Nov, M0, 1871.
WHAT Till UNDER SHERIFFS SAY—LLGAL RED
TAPE.
A TranvNe reporter had, yesterday, the fol
lowing conversation with Deputy Sheriff Jarvis, in rela
tion to the prisoners confined, on civil process, in Ludlow
st. Jail
Reporter Mr. Jarvie, why hag not the Sheriff relensed,
nnder Jade Barnard’s recent decision, the prisoners ior
debt am Ludlow-st, Jail? Mr. Jarvis—T will iell you Low
wo do things here, An order of arrest is granted hy the
Cort, requiring the sheriff to arrest a man and hold
hin in a certain amonnt of bail. As soon as the jy IN
arrested, if he is waable to give bail, the snerifl, if he
discharges hin, is personally liable for the amount of
bail required.
Veporter--In a case of this kind, if the Sheriff received
an order from the Court to discharge his prisoner, and if
he diecharged im im obedience to such order, wonld the
Sherif studi ge personally liable for the amount of bail
reonired Mr. Jarvis—I suppose the order ot the Court
would release him trom such respon=ihility.
1 porter— What, then, is the reason why the prisonera
or debt in Ladlow-st, Jail have not been discharged
ander Judge barnard's recent deetsion dt Mr. Jarsis—1
presume they are detained by the Sherif up ler the ad
vice of coneel,
Re porter—Vohat counsel Mr, Jarvis -irown, Hall,
Vinderpoel,
peporier Upon what eronnds do they advise the
Sher! to detain these prisoners? Mr. Jarvis 1 sup
pose they want to find ont whether the Sheil would be
liable for the bail of he should discharge them. Jere is
a ocase in point Charles Bigos was fprisoncd for debt;
tne order of arrest was vacated and Bigs was dis
Ceharecd sand now Rigos's creditors threaten to sue the
Shed forthe amonn® Bigos owes thew, You had beter
see Under Soerdi Stevens about this matter; he can
probably give vou more information abont it than I ean.
The reporter then called upon Under Sherifl Stevens
an {asked him why the prisoners for debt in Ludlow st,
Jal have not been Qise lan ged injeompaiaies sath Judge
Barnard's recent decision,
Nir Steve ns-—=They are detained by advice of connsel,
Erown, Hall, Vanderpool,
Reporter- Upon what wrennds do they advise the
Spent! to detain teese pisonerst Mr. sievens—Upon
tae ground that they are not yet satisfied that the
tend ean legally discharge them,
Reporier—If the Sherif ehoald get an order from the
Conrt to discharge these prasencers, woithd it not be Lis
duty to etey tne oder? Mr, Stevens No, Sir, I odon't
tink it wold,
Reporier- Why 1 Mr, Stevens =Yt muat first be deter
mined whether the Court can issue, constitutionally,
such an order,
Jie rter—If the Sheriff should receive such an order
and disc Laree the prisoners upon it, do you thiuk he
would be liable tor the amount of bail they were askod
to ive, or for the debts they bad contracted!
Mr. stevens Ho might be; that is just what we are
tying to fod out. We shall be glad to get 11d of these
prisoners whenever we con do so legally,
Vejorter—=1us the Sher received from Judge Barnard
any order for tbe discharge of any of the prisoners for
debit in Ludlow-st, Jil? Mo, 8tevens—He has recoived
an order tor the discaarge of two ot three of thei,
Reporter—1Tus he discharged those mentioned in the
order? Mr. fievens— No, Sir, he has not.
Reporter—W hore is that order? Mr. Stevens-——At the
office of Brown, Hall Vanderpoel.
Reporier—Why has not that order been obeyed Mr.
stevens We are waiting for the opinion of counsel,
Reporter—You will be governed in this mntter entirely
hy the advice of counsel f Mr, Steveus—Xes, Sil.
ACTON AND KUNNEDY NAMED FOR POSITIONS
A GOOD PROSPECT FOR SMITH AND MAN
I'REE—CHANCES OF BARR, BOSWORTH, AND
KELSO.
Iver since the ernshing defeat of Tammany
on Nov. 7, speculation has been rife with reference to
clnges in the Police Departinent. While itis not be
lieved that the force, from captains downward, will be
interfered with, it is taken for granted that the Board of
Commissioners will be reconstructed, and the superin
tendent, and possibly the Inspectors, removed, Fore
most among those wentioned as hkely to become the
head of the new Board of Police Commissioners which
the Legi<laturve is expected to create, is Thomas Co Acton
under whose leader2hip the foree attained so high a rep
utation. Pohtics were not allowed to influence
prowotion then, und  smallfry politicians wero
at a discount at Police Headquarters, Ex
superintendent John A. Kennedy declines to come
uit himself on the question, but it is beligved that he
would accept a Commissionership. His many years of
serviee as Superintendent have rendered him famnlior
with every pliase ot Police business, and, moreover, he
and Mr. Acton have always been good friends and would
work well together, Henry Smith and Benjamin FL.
Mauierre, two of the present Board, are also named as
members of the new organization. Mavy others are
mentioned in counection with these positions, but
until the Legislature meets nothing definite can
be known. It 18 generally believed that
the new Commission will comprise three Re
publicans and two Democrats—the Jatter, of course, to
be taken from the ranks of the Reform Democracy,
Commissioner Thomas J. Barr, as the uncle of Peter B,
Sweeny, and a member of the Tammany wing of the
Democracy, will probably be not retained. Ex-Judge
Bosworth, the remaining member ot the Board, is a high
winded man, and commands the respect of the best por
tion of the community, Although a strong Democrat,
he has of late ken no part in poiitica. Buperin
tendent Kelso has vroved himself decidedly  su
hg to his immediate predecessor, Much of
lis enecess is due to the fact that he abrogated
the changes introduced by Superintendent Jourdan, and
returned to the sple routine which Saperintendent
Kennedy had proved by years of experience to be the
best. Nevertheless, as Superintendent Kelso was ap
pointed at the instance of the Tamgany leaders, and has
done their bidding, it 18 consideréd certain that he will
be decapitated. Inspectors Dilks and Walling are spoken
of for the succession. Both are capable, having served
over 20 veurs each on the force, and risen from subordi
nate positions through merit. Very probably, however,
a person outside of the force may reccive the appoint
ment
THE VIADUCT RAILROAD—REORGAM.LATION OF
THE BOARD OF DIRECTO}.
The Directors of the Viaduet Railroad held
a secret meeting, yesterday, August Belmont in the chair,
in the absence of Judge Hilton, Aftes the reading of the
minutes of the last meeting and the financial statement
of the Committee then appointed, resignations were re.
ecived and accepted from the mewbers of the old Board,
as follows:
A. Oakey Hall, John'J. Bradley,
Ricnard O'Gorman, Henry hilton,
Hugh Smith. Johu T. Johuston,
I'eter B. Bweeny, John Jacob Astor,
Wiliam M. Tweed, Chas. A. Lamont,
Willian T. Blodgett, J. F. D. Lanier,
August Belmont, A. T. Stewart,
1. B. Wesley, Franklin Osgood,
Win. Butler Dun an, W. R. Travers,
Charles L. Tittany, Levi P. Morton,
Joseph Seligman, F. Navarro
melody; aud Mr. Emerson sava there is, no such trans
cendeutalisp to be found in New-Eugluud as in Junathan
Edwards. Never bad there been greater or grander
ginger than that stern Trinitarian, Bt. Athanasius, oriian
who feit more that all nature was siugiug with him. This
wormng had proved that radicalism also could sing itself,
Mr. Alcott thought that sentiment, distinet from intel
Yeo tuality or will, is the primal element in religion. Ob
Th Board then reorganizedywith the following mem
beis:
Alex. T. Rtewnrt, Sidney Dillon,
August Belmout, Charles A. Lamont,
James F. D. Lanier, Frapklin Osgood,
Wm. Butler Duncan, Oswald Ottendorter,
Charles L. Tiffany, Willinm R. Travers,
William B. Ogden, John Jacob Astor,
Abm. B. Hewett, Levi P. Morton,
K. B. Babcock, wm. T. Blodgett,
James B. Colgate, Jose F. Navarro,
Edward B. Wesley, John T. Johnston,
Audrew H. Green, Wu. H. Appleton,
serving men, and especially women, do we not always
nud, when sentiment is the dominant characteristic,
that the voice rows musical 1 Sentiment divinizes the
soul. Those persons who stand for us as representatives
Jf the race have always been poetical. People df pro
{found influence are aiways idealists. Is not the New
Tostatucnt itself a poem 1 Aud is nos tht the secret of
1a wighty eflect upon ust Almost every word, almost
every purpose of Jesus Christ, has fallen into the domain
of art, been illustrated by picture or po. The ideal
overns us. Our friendship takes on the form of ideality.
‘e have ideals of our friends, und when they fall from
them they become less to us. Mystery i divine, aud
nothing good is ever fully expressed. It is because we
Joseph Seligman.
Jolin Tavlor Johnston was elected President of the
pew Board, after which the meeting adjourned.
are still mysteries to cach other that friendship is so
charming. If Jesus blself were fully explained to us,
S50 longer 80 powerfully attract us. Let us
cling to the word mysticism it stands not for the uneer
ne
A correspondent writes from Jonesboro’, on
the Jed Iver, Texas, under date of Nov. 8, as follows
tain, but for the unknown, God would uot be God if we
0 re Him.
y Mr. pry of California sajd that radicalism would
never be radical enough till it gets over its excluan e
iiss and acerpts the universe. He used to have great
“We are very quiet bere. Whites sud Blucks are
friondliy, with no thought of ever being otherwise. The
White «encanto the Blacks to worl and 2ot along, and
the button ore doing very welll Pablie opitmon fa, ars
{oir advancement, Corns aha nt nt 560. er hushicl
ETE KIT pt ody al so prowl Gotton is a luedium
ciop, Contry heathy.”
faith in the devil, When he was i Freo Will Baptist
pimster in Misnesota a hide boy sadd to is other, 1
Vike to hear Mr. Ales preach becouse Be says devil”
Yiat be «Mois said devil now. Ii (A cobiLZ loa great
£010 in ihe infinite harwony. Tae diseoids ant
phanee the melody. Met ranch was teat in col
dering the Kouan Cathobc aust: bat Yow
Church Will goou dnl, antl peilael uy a OF aia liv,
aad db wii aut Lee a
Li olds wneannted  wilidus,
but to
I
I

Cone of them pat me in hee
Ad CRUEL FARCE.
RUMORED CHANGES IN THLE POLICE DE
PARTMENT.
rr
TIVES IN UPPER TEXAS.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1871
THE KU-KLUX IN JAIL.
HOW THE PRISONERS LOOK AND TALK.
LEAR LA REL
[FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE
ADMITTED TO BAIL—CONFESSION OF A MUR
YorkvitLe, 3. Nov. 11.=The York
County Juil 1a an ugly, three-story brick building, stand
ing on the western outskirts of the town. The ground
floor iz ocenpted as a residences for the atler'a family.
The two npper stories are divided into cells and corti
dors, and now contain more than 1090 Ku Klux. The
number varies from day to day, for now and then a few
are released on parole and allowed 10 £0 home, the evi:
dence in their cases showing that they have not been
engaged nany of the Works: erimes gommitted by the
Klan; and every day or two a seouting party of cavairy
PICKS up a few incantions fellows who have ventured
back to their houses after hiding in the woods for a fort
vight, and whoso whereabouts have heen hetrayed by
the negroes in the vicinity The blacks all ovor the
county keep a vigilant wateh for the radders who are 0s
pecially wanted at headquarters, and will reequently
with 20 miles hy nicht to announce the discovery of the
hiding-place of soma chief of 4 Wan, and Lo pilot a squad
of cavalry hack to capture him. There have been a {ow
instanees ive or six, perhapa—ot niataken adentity,
where an fnnocent man hesring the <amo nant asa
enilfy perann has heen arrested Those mrstakiss are, of
conse, promptly corrected
The prison tooomar ded hy stra, nd gs ander the
eharee of Capt. Ogden of fan th larantre Foom the
tower floor of the jad ov flight of tails leads to veslibinios
in each of the two other floors hehted hy larce widows
fronting on the street, Tne h of these vestihnles stands a
soldier with his make, an front of a very Large rated
doohle door winch opens into a corrsdor running the
ton oth of the bitdig, with the doors of the enlla open,
On the second oor the calls ave ordinary wooden door,
and the windows, which are quite large, are in tho onter
walls, The ealis in the unper floor have massive iron
doors, and windows opening on 4 narrow cori wor, which
runs around three sides of the building. ‘The prisoners
are not contlned in the cells, but have the Hmibed range
of the corridors. They are so closely crowded that there
14 not mined moro than room ecnongh on the oor of the
ceils and corridora for them all to Lie down at meht.
Their friends fens) them with bedding and with mueh
of their food. Every day trom 10 to 127 their friends are
permuted to visit them, and during those hours, rows of
aade-hor<ed, aad teams, atlached to a variety of coun:
try vehteles, stand itehed to the fenees along the ro.d
side near the jul, and crowds of people, chiefly women,
flock down from tho village Pie prowoners’ lawyers
have aceeag to them at all tines
I have made several visits fo the atl, and havo! ied
with 1 dares nmmber of the prisoner<. A few of them
hav eontesad, hut at least pine-tenths of them “toutly
Weny their aniit, ad say they know nothing about the
Ku K ax. Thee mnoeents never heard of any sineh
thing as a Ko Klux vad, af one believes them. Unfors
tunately <ome hundreds of ther neighbors who rode
with them nm momy midnight forays, have told v hitter
ent story, vid hae virtnons, frweabiding citizens, who
complatn of hen arbitrarily arrested without cause, aro
down hy overs helmng testimony to Liava been the
most Viel vis ond dangerons of all the Ku Kinx. I asked
a welldre aed, smoot h=Deed young inn, 1m one of the
lower ceiis, who fooked hile a dry goods elerk, what
Le thoucht of these voluntary confessions that
were made every day [Te tlew nto a great
passion at open, swore violently, and smd the
men win confessed were all Liars, If they ware Ku
Kony, boosod, they had violated thar onths, and were
not to he heteved, and if not Kn-Hlnx, then they knew
nothing abot ‘he order. Ho declared that £200,000 had
been <ent in from Washineton to suborn wotnesses, and
added, that 50 cents would bribe mean white men to
awear to anything To anggested thal f wilhesses wero
ad clean as this, £200,000 wonld buy a large number, but
before the young man had made a calenlation of the
number that contd be bought with the money, a tall nan,
Areased 1 a loose suit of butternut homespun, with a red
and sinister countenance, burst ont— “The Yankoo
aoldiers are the only Ku-Kins here, and President Grant
ia the zreatest Kin Klux im the country.” After he had
gone on in thiz) style for a few minntes, heeled down
a little, aud the following conversation took lace
Correspondent OF course, you ate not a Ku-Klix—
vou look perfectly innocent=hbut vou know there is such
a thing as the Kn-Klux Klan in this viennty Now,
what do you understand to be the objects of the orgunt
zation?
Prisoner—[t ‘a to keep the niggers in order, sud to
keep ‘em from living with winnie women.
Correspondent—But wore not all the mulattoss you
ever saw the children of white men and black women
Prisoner (excitedly) Yes, but the whites are the su
perior race, and a white man has a right to do what he
pleads with tho d —d mggers.
The red tace of the Ka Koax becamo threo shades
redder, an 1 the correspondent thought it of no use to
continue the argument. Among the 100 prisoners theso
wre perhaps a dozen pleasant, intelligent faces that look
jucapable of crime. Of the others, 8016 are Coarse and
senorant looking, without appearing vicious; but a great
number are brutal, and some are positively villous;
while there are a teow conntenances with an expression
of mingled cruelty, cowardice, and wollish forocity
that would furnish study for a physiognomist. The
seneral appearance of the prisoners ts no better, and Iam
we lined to think worse than that ot an equal number of
men in any Northern penitentiary, with this @xception—
that very few of then look capable of committing crimes
that require courage tor success. Their faces furnish
ood index to their characters, for, next toe neity, cow
ardioe 18 tae leading trait of the Ku-King, They were
never known to make an attack npless they were at
legal tour to one, tind most of their murders bave been
committed by baud of from 20 to 100. Thers was an in
stance in Newberry County where a single negro put
over tonto thelit hy tring bis eon and wonnding one
man. Men who were brave soldier and fousht the war
through in the Rebel army gmake the most arrant cow.
ards when they get on the mask aud gown of the sneak
ing and barbarow< Klan.
Amoug the better class of the prisoners I found an old
gentleman with 4 geraal ad rather benevolent conn.
tenance, who used to he 4 magistrate, and was called
Squire by bis tellow-prisoners, The wen on bis floor had
chosen Lin captain, to enforce proper order and cleanli
ness among them, He told we that Lie expected to go to
the Pemtontiary. He believed the prisoners would be
tried by a packed negro jury, determined in advanee to
convict, and that, as a man of intelligences and property,
he would be selected for a victim. He said he bad at
tended meetings of the order to endeavor to Keep the
young wen from committing excesses, but that Le had
never been upon a rad. 1 was sorry to learn afterward
at headquarters that the case against my friend the
Squire in quite black, and that he was a prominent mem
ber of the Klan. ‘The Squire and a few others of the
prisoners who lave intelligence enough to know some
thing of the law under which they are arrested, com
plained to me that they had not been given a hear
ing before the United Btates Commissioner, to
which they believad themselves entitled, but had heen
imprisoned three woeks without knowing what wera the
charges against them. They also complained that they
bad been arrested upder the Ku-Klux law for acts al
lezed to have been committed prior to the passage of the
law: that 1t was the intention of the authorities to try
them under the Enforcement act of 1570, and that they
were retused bail, which they would have been entitled
to if arrested tor offenses against that act. These points
are amo made by the village lawyers who are counsel
for the prisoners. The Distriet-Attoruey, says in reply,
that the prisoners have uot becu given a heanng before
the Commissioner because winle dozens of men are daily
coming wn and makiug confessions it is impossible to
know what the evidence ts facaiust them, and that a3
R000 Ax thie testimony is all in they will have
the  bearmmg. He antends to have them indicted
in the jnil, and a number anid that Capt. Ogden, tho
otficor in chargo, had shown great kindness toward them,
and had worked Bard to make them as comfortable a8
possible. One man accounted for the conduct of tho
captain by saying that he was not 2a Yankoe, but was
born in the Bouth. Every fair day the prisoners ure
taken out and marched to a field uearthe jail, where they
have two or three honrs of out-door alr and ex:
erolse. A fow infantry soldiers guard them, and three
cavalrymen are at hand for service in case any Wikio
fellow ~Lontd eon tho cued and fake fo ME heels. The
prisoners run about the lot, wrestle, dance to the music
of a fiddle, and exercise in various oiler Wisys. Most of
(hem are quite cheerful, and appear fo hope fora quit:
tal. Some are despondont, One man who haa confessed
thai he helped maorder a negro, is nearly jusane, and
apends hove crying and repeating, I «lial be han I
shall be hung tt The prisoners are allowed to go over
to headquarters and make anguiries and statetaents cone
corsine thetr cages to the Commander and the District:
Attorney, of they desire to, Some have confessed, and
others have bee able to explain eiremmstanecs nuninst
hem to the satisfaction of the officers, and have been
discharged on parole Yesterday a Justice of the Peace
wit cent home in this way, who had been eh days in jail.
He sad he Loew he could at any time convince the
oftfenrs that he was gniity of nothing more than having
heen sworn into the order, but he preferred to wait till
411 his neighbors had come in and told what they
knew, bevore asking for a hearing.
THEIR COMPLAINTS—WHY THEY HAVE NOT BEEN
Last ey oning, the dull routine of taking down the con
fonaiona of tho lesser sino rs, who had been inactive
members of tho Kan, or had only hoiped to whip two oF
Phree Be 21 des, Vous vised by tie appearance of a mr:
aerer from the inl, who catae over to have a talk with
Mogor Mevrith. 3le wes a lanl, loose jointed, unwhole
<otme-looking youll of 21, with a foebie, piping voice, and
a dull, simple countenanee, that showed hittle capaeily
for vod or evil intentions, What did yon want to see
me about 2 asked the Major. “1 wanted to know what
yond rob agin me, Major; that 'sall. Thin a pore man,
and I've cob a wife and two chiidren, and of don't git
to eo lowe don't know where they ‘I git bread to cat.”
“You know what 1've got against you as well as [do,”
sind the Major. “No, Tdon't jest know what it is,"
voplicd the Ka KInx, after hesitating awhile, “You areone
of the men that helped Kill Charley Goode fThere was a
long midence. The man fumbled his hat between his
Kies, changed his position in lus chair, and kept
Is eyes dixed on tho floor Pinaily ho sald,
moa Weak, winning tous, “Mayor, 1 never
tail a hand on him.” “What 15 the use of
lying about il,” answered the officer: “1 don't ask yon
to =ay un word, hat if you do say anyiling, Fwant it tobe
tho truth, You and three other men killed Charley
Goode. You know it, and you know I know it.” Then
the man told the whole story, or lis ver donof it. “1
wera workin for We ley Smith,” hie said; “and one day
Wesley Sunth he said to mie as how he'd got orders from
four chiefs to kill a nicger, and T must go with han, We
vent out to the road, and met William White and another
moan, and went cown the road torether, Woe met a ma
wor coming, and Smith he said it was the nigger wo was
to ttl Phen they tied him and took him into ihe woods,
and =hot him and pounded his head with tho butts of
thew gues, Dest stood off as tar as from here to the
wall, and never tid a finger on Lim, sald, Boys, don’t
Lill ihe pore nigger Pd nothing avin the niger. I
never caw hom dno lite before, and don’t know why
they Libted hone They told me if ever 1 opened my
month about at they'd Lill me ton."

Noting better illustrates the diabolical character of
the Ku-Kinx order than this marder. Neither of th
metrdesers appear to have had any special animosiiy
against their victim, his death was ordered because Lo
was anfluential with the colored people, and the men
selected to do the decd bohieved themselves bound to
ehey the order of their eliiets, The man who made this
contession appeared to have Ho conscionsnoess of guint or
appreciation of the horror of the came. Ono ol the
oLher men enzaged in the marder had previously con
fesse, and according to bis statement this feliow
cri-hed the hea dot the vietim with a roek to make sure
he was dead. This he dented, however, and repeated
that Le never aed a hand on the nigger—never teched
Lit no way.” The fact that he had been ordered to help
kil the man, under penalty of death if he disobeyed,
appeared to folly justify Lim with his feeble conscience,
for whtever rart he had played in the affair.
Compulsory education is the order in Ili
noi. Tho youthful aspirant for knowledge is encony
aged with such ehiserful inscriptions as, Behave or get
your head broke; Learn or die,” written in large
characters over the door of the school-room.  Oue zoal
ons sehoolmistress, prompted, doubtless, by a vague con
ception of shooting im connection with the young idea,
indulges in the pleasant practice of burning matelies un
der the noses of her pupils. A committee, appointed to
investigate the matter, brought in the lucid verdict of
Lmproper, but severe.”
(Good gracious! Here is, indeed, an aston
ishing series of domestic incidents. In West ‘Troy,
woe ago, G. W. Brazoe, returning to his home, found on
a sofa tho wife of his bosom and an unscrupulous tailor,
named Hayes, Ho was naturally indignant at this, and
Aeternnned to bo his own Judge Lynch and private
avenger. He therefore procured a pot of tur, ripped
open a feather bed, and did actually thon and there tar
wid feather his own wife— an act, 1 is believed, quite un
precedented m tae annals of domestic lite. This done,
this enragod good tan proceeded to deal with the tailor,
Cand as a new, signal, and nnpressive revenge, burned off
the whiskers of tho serpent. What this atcrn gentleman
didd next we are not informed but if he finds this sort or
procecding ir Lief to the betr iyed and overburdened
heart, he shonld publish a eeriiticate of the tact for the
Lenetii of hua fellow -sullerers,
According to the report of Surgeon-Gen. Barnes,
the number of mutilated soldiers who had received ar tvfi
cial limbs from the Government previous to Jify 1, 1570,
was 7.547. By act of Coneress, after that time applicants
might receive either the limbs or a money commutation;
and it is a singular fact that most of the veterans prefer
to commute. ‘Thus, against 104 who received arms we
have placed 4,067 who took the money; legs, 1,117; com
mnters, 5,014. Only 6 foutlcss men took feet, ana 51 pre
ferred cash, It isnore than likely, however, that a con
siderable portion of the money thus pand was expended
by the recipients im procuring limbs more to their liking
than those furnished by the Department; or, perhaps,
they bensve that they could, by a private purchase, tit
themselves better or make a better baveain and those
to whom the country owes so much have aright to the
indnlg nee of their personal whims, Wo hope that not
much of the woucy was received only to be imprudently
spent.
Infinite are the works which Societies for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals tind to do. Toe Boston
Association is at present devoting itself to the extirpation
of the glanders, a disease dangerous alike to the horse
“and to the man who handles him, Death by glanders in
the human patient 18 of so frightful a character that
hydrophobia even kills more gently. In horses, the
disease 1s engendered by badly ventilated stables, A
apecitie poison affects the blood, and the trouble and
danger are enhanced by poor food and overwork, How
comtron it is may be wmferred from the fact that during
the month just passed, the Boston Society caused to be
K.lled no less than fifteen glandered horses, One man
his lately died of the discase there, and in a single stable
ns many as eight horses, The stionping out process is,
we heheve, the only known remedy. By the haw of
Massachusetts, he who knowingly keeps a glandered
horse is lable to fudictinent,
An odd action has been tried in one of the
San Francisco courts, Dr. Scott treated, in the hospital,
a certain Miss Parkinson. He may not have cured her,
but be did not kill her, since khe was the plaintiff in the
suit above referred to. But he outraged the feelings of
Miss Parkinson by sending to a medical journal a full ac
count of her complaint, and of what he did to alleviate
the same. The jury found a verdict for the Doctor, no
doubt, because there was probably no evidence of malice
on nis part, waiie he, probably, made the publication
from the bust of motives, and with only a sfucere desire
to advance the interests of medical selence.  Btill, it is
ruthor aggravating to have one’s self advertised in the
newspapers or magazines, either as sick or as having
heen sick of some uncommon walady, Moreover, for ull
practical NusiRcS, any case may be reported without
the name of the sufferer. “A.B.” would have answered
just us well us Miss Parkinson.”
Black men in Memphis will begin to have a
moan opinfon of white men, if they are often treated asa
Caucasian recently treated thew, He professed to be the
agent of a religious newspaper for which he received the
freedmen’s subscriptions, and also their dollars but,
under both acts of Congress. They are all
though the subscribers have waited patiently for the aa
vent of the sacred journal, it does not arrive and now 1s
hardly likely wo. By way of spuglal buit, each of the
subscribers was promised a Dicthe representing somo
weene In the life of Jesus Christ; but strange to say, the
ap has no more come than the ig Tis shows, for
the benetitof the Ethnolokists, that while the Caucaas
duu Lis plenty of iutellect, he does not always cploy it
for the most moral Ad and that a man with an un
Jrpeichanle facial angle, may, nevertheless, be a Jeromy
 Diddler. It will begin to be seen by and by, when we
have wore Catholic estimates of general human nature,
that the Creator didu’t make the pot a shade blacker than
the kettle,
clearly guilty of a conspiracy that brings them
within the terma of the law of 1870, and to bring them
undor the Ku Klux act also, it will only be necessary to
prove that they continued tu the nulawlul conspiracy
after the 20th of Apnl, 1871. The objection to balling
them 14 that, if it had been done at first, few, if any, of
the confessions would have been obtained, The men on
trinl would Lave pickewed the roads, and every country
man coming 1 to confess would have heen persuaded
or intimidated wto returning home, and saying nothing.
Besides, a great number of the prisoners ure implicated
A singnlar enough circumstance (truth
stranger than ficMon,) has occurred in Massachusetts,
About 35 years ago a man named Colburn ran away,
leaving his wife and two children destitute. The mother
and daughter diod, the son struggled on, obtained an
education, 18 now a Methodist minister and Chaplain of
thie State Prison. He has never heard of his father, and
supposed him dead. But suddenly there came to him a
letter from the old gentleman; he {s not dead in the least,
but alive in Washington Territory, and quite rich. He
ulso announced his intention of coming to Boston, where
Le hopes to spend the remainder of fix days In peace
und plenty.” The Boston Journal says that the Rev.
Mr. Colburn 18 now dally expecting the arrival of hiy
long wbsent father. This is the sort of thing which it
would not surprise us to read io a novel; bat in real life
Its not of the every day sort. The number of <chapl na
Whose fathers rep away 8 years ago, and ate now able
to come hack richoand repentant, wast be cmadl, bat if
any more such ries there be, bet them read this paca
Krupl, aud sbACL al OLuO,
in ainyrders, and murderers are not cotitled bail under
Stat? laws, so that class of prisoners arc sufferiug no
Lardship by their detention by the military, that they
Noid not have suffered if arrested by the civil auton.
In a cell occupied by men who were nearly all farmers
and lavd-ownors, the prisoners told we that their crops
Lad not been gathered, and that they feared the cotten
and corn would perish in the fields. There was no one
but the women to save the crops, they said; for the ne
Kroes conldnot be fdepended on, und all thé white men
were in jail or had run away. “The niggers have their
own way now,” said one; say nigger cau get a white
man anested, and he's given no chance to find out
what's agin him." “The Jow down white people ave a
heap worse than the niggers,” another prisoner said;
Noue of the prisvucrs cowplatued of thelr treatment
(GLNERAL NOTES.
el
FOREIGN MISCELLANY.
QUNIATL. TOPIC'S IN BRAZIL.
eccnstifine
THE INFLUENCE OF RELIGION ON EMANCIPATION
—KCCLESIASTICAL INTOLERANCE-—MEASULES
ADOPTED BY THE PRESS OF PERNAMBUCO ro
PREVENT THE SALE OF SLAVES.
|FROM AN OCCASIONAL COKRUSPON DENT 0 Till TRILUNE.|
Rio vr Jaxeio, Oct, 26.—In Mr. Ewbank’s
most excellent work upon Brazil, writen over 20 yeat
ago, the author very justly remarks that *‘in brazil,
religion, or that which fs so ealled, meets you every:
where, You ean do nothing, observe nothing, withont
being confronted by it in one shape or another.’ True
at nll times, this observation has never seemed trace
than during the past month; for, beside an unasaal
quota of ho'ldays, with their strange mixture of sole
processions, fr quent prayers, noisy auctions, and bril
liant fireworks, we have had a gennine ecolosinstical
sensation. Ina country where there is such a close and
int mate connection between Church and State, ui might
have heen expected that the hierarchy wenla signals
the passage of the Emancipation bill by some nntistold
display. But this was only true of the Benedieline
monks, whose practical reco nition of the juste or the
measure by promptly frecmg the whoie body ol thelr
slaves 1 have already noticed,
On the evening of the Sauday followin z the pasar of
the bill the Bishop of Rio was announced to pro Lin
the Chareh of the Rozio (the one most largely witended
by the nevroes), and, as the eironuntancc. were: Vitthe
pecrlior, man tLoneht he would nia some poco fent
tothe real event, The ehmch was thronoed; ihe
CO <0 was inc rmitaole, and not the shichtesi alluaon
vod wade to the cnly subject taat hed any interest foo
the publie, But this silence of the Bishop could not List
en longer; especially since the siream of coangratu
latory notes had now begun to pour in from the members
of the Diplomatic Corps, headed by the Pope's Nuncio
hiselt, The long-looked for declaration at length came,
It filed tao columns in the large Jowrnal of Commerce,
It was beautiful, IC breathed the very spatit of bivin
Love. Who before had ever spoken words so full of sy:
pathy and com pession for the unfortunate? The Bishop
wis little short of perfection, and in him at last bad
Clarity found her sure excmplar, In short, no pastoral
of the Bishop had ever been so widely read
or so loudly  prais-l Just here, however,
most unfortunately for Ihis  Exccllency’s rep
tation occurred an aneident that too suddenly
precipitated him from bis giddy Light, How the Lishop
trom being universally praised came tw be universally
Distnod will now appear. One of ihe nuns of the Cons
vent of Ajuda, named Franco, alter tivrty years of in
carceration in that dismal edifice, was about to div.
Aveiro of her approaching end, she begged that intelh
sence of hor state ight be sent at once to Ler relatives,
who lived near by, and she especially requested that she
d
pit aht sec and bid tarewell to her mother before she died.
Phe mother, hearing the news, cane hurrying to the Con
vent and Camored ot the doors for admission. But, al
though the daughter witlun and the mother without
were only separated trom each other by the space of the
convent wills, still they conld not meet, It would be in
direct violation of the wonastie Laws, Tuo Bishop, whose
siiiority in such matters is supreme, was thea appealed
to. But be also proved inexorable, declaring with holy
horror that “even it bis own other should prefer such a
request he would deny her.” And =o, after a few more
dar sof intensn agony and Susdpense, the poor creature
finally breathed her fast, Ineaden's of this character, 1
am told, not anirecnently happen here an Brazil, and
perhaps the only remarkable fe lure abont the present
cise is Lhe nnasusl eacticient it has created in the cap
ital,
The fam 'y of Franco, it wonld seem, has sons as well
as aaghtors; and one of these sons evidoutly does not
tend io ctow he shop's inbiimanity to pass unchal
lened, With Los sister dead and is mother driven to
the verse of madness, we can easily believe that this
would be a man most likely to speak to the point when
the time came, Etill 1am sure the public hardly ex
preted to see him give the Bishop such a sound costizi
ion as he has inthicted by his published articles during
the past fortnight. The Bishop at first desnised the at
tack, but soon condesconded to explain. He admitted
that the nun had shown a feminine weakness on her
death-bed by requesting to see her mother; that the
devil bad suzgzested this request only to gain posses:
wion of her sont] just as she was about to realize the frat
of her vows: but that, with apostolic zeal, the holy
bishop had vigorously driven out such temptations, and
turned a deaf ear tothege yearning: of the floes,” How
cver, considering the weakness of human natore, the
 tonder hearted prelate’ finally prowised the nun be
fore she aied, as an act of apecial grace, to have her body
oxposed behind the {ron bars of the Convent to serve as
a consolation and edification to her carnal relatives,”
And now, instead of being thanked for so great a
favor,” our tender-hearted prelate is abused and in
sulted without stint,”
Your readers car caeily imagine how this explanation
vous received. Before fis publication many thought the
Lishop hid been needlessly stelet and severe, Now he is
universally regoardod with teelings of contempi and dis
gust, One journal, commenting upon the atlair, sigzui
Aeantly remands that “thie Government has just preaed
a easure that secures the certadn abolition of Slavery,
let ats attention be next directed to the oppressive
tyranny and pernicious tlnence of the pliestiood, tor
unless these be checked and restrained, emicrants will
never come to occupy and work our lands, And unless
they do come, pray what 1s to be substituted in place of
that stave labor now fast disapvearing from aiwsong u=1"
a very siguifleant question, truly, and one to which, at
this juncture especialy, His Majesty's aofnisters might
very properly addiess themselves, The other relivious
Orders do not appeai so eager to liberate their claves as
the Benedictines, although they have received many
pressing invitations, by anonymous writers, through tho
pross, to do so. The Ovder of Carineliios have 1,400
slaves, and an aunual revenue of over $0,000. The tum
ber of its members Las now become reduced to 11, and
when these have all died the property will revert to the
state, As the law does not touch the great body of es
isting slaves, the Orders are of course oaly under moral
ouligations to release their slaves —a rort of obligation, I
fear, lirdly likely to be cileetual with such a class, In
Cwpite of Lins badd exataple of the clergy, however, mani
Canis dons are ocourring all the winle, and just now one of
tive most ghused otticials in the commumty is the Ja lge
of the Giphan’s Court, who secins to be doz little more
(rf any reoance cant be placed on the published state
mente of the parties 1atcrested) than placing obstacles
inthe way ot those desiring to liberate their slaves, The
Peitanbucian press, it is reported, have associated them
seivos together to prevent the advertisements of sales of
slaves in the Journals of that city, 1 do not suppose,
however, that the actual sales will be effected by it, ex
cept that ouly those who wish to purchase will attend,
Here, in the capital, the sales are advertised as usual.
If I were disposed, 1 might give you a whole column,
from The Journal of Commeree, of advertisements of
sluves loz sale, representing every age, sex, and
condition, as well ws deseripive of their per
sony aid their capacities for work. It will
bea long time before tre signs aud marks of Slavery
will have wholly disappeared, One good ettect of
the passage of tho Emancipation bilbs the tnereased and
continua'ly mereising attendauce of the negroes at the
night sciools tor adults, established here tn Rio about the
beginning of the presenty ear, under the superintendence
of Prof, Garciz of the Dom Pedro LL College, New
schools are also organizing in the northern coast citios,
and it is becoming tashionable to advocate the necessity
of a highor grade of edineation for the people. The jour
nals this morning announce tue departure lor New-York
by tho North America to-day of Mr, Hockmelle, the
Fieneh Chargé d'affaires at the capital, who has just
received the news of the sudden death of his wile in
New-York,
Ba
THE INSURRECTION IN CUBA.
SEVERAL FORLIGNERS ORDERED TO LEAVE THE
COUNTRY—OFFENSIVE OPERATIONS OF THE
INSURGENTS.
SEVERAL FORLIGNERS ORDERED TO LEAVE THE
COUNTRY—OFFENSIVE OPERATIONS OF THE
INSURGENTS.
[PROM THE REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.)
Havana, Nov. 11.—Several foreigners have
been ordered to leave the island, amoug them the wealthy
and respectable American, Mr. John Nenninger, Consul of
Bweden aud Norway. The Captain-General willingly
complying with the orders that como from the Spanish
Government, we foreigners are “all here ready waiting
for the order to depart, with the exception of the
English, who are highly respected—I mean who are
feared-—for the Spaniards know how the English Govern
ment takes care of its citizens all over the world.
The Voz de Cuba, entirely devoted to flattering the vol
unteers, in the most vulgar manuer points to the pro
perty of Mrs. Leocadra Sterling, and says it must be
offered in holocaust to the demon of tyranny. I ww iu
formed that this lady is at present hving in Madrid,
without being troubled by the Government there, which
bad not found cause for the least offe nae,
During the last days of October there were several en
gagements within the jurisdictions of Santi Clara and
Espiritu Sunto, as well as in that of Remedios, all of them
with doubtful resulta, Ia Trinidad there i8 great misery,
and robberies are so numerous that the inhabitants are
in eopstant alarw. In Espiritu Santo engagements huve
taken placo betwean Hoyos and Liguanen, south-east of
the chief town, and also on the cast and north, As al
ready reported, the number of sick and wounded is large,
and Increasex every day, because the raw soldiers that
come from Spain aro Immediately sent to the teld. In,
the jurisdiction of Bugis Grande u conspiracy of the ne
grocs of tho plantation Banta Rafael was discovered, snd
therefore frustrated. It is unquestionable that in
every plantation belonging to the Spaniards there
oxiats considerable hostility, which, sooner or later, will
make the Spaulards suffer the consoguences of thelr
eagerness to maintain Slavery, Every negro, uo matter
how ignorant he may be, knows that the Cuban patriots
have freed theie slaves, and that the Spantards do their
vimest to hold the shaves in bondag Consequently the
flea of liberty, contavions as it 1s, makes the slave
plimost ag dadiaical to ae Spanish Govgriment as the
Cubans are themselves, 3
Teourh 1ho Sualisl ullicials. aud sowie of thoi fucudly
PYery fIny Or HH WILK Tw Bye ann penti?. Inthe
Hiatrinta of Oriente, Camazney, E:pinitu-sinto, Moron,
and Cinco Villas, plota are constantly ai covered, 1
which many Spaniards are bnplicated, to 4upoly the
Cubans with provisions and ammnui ons of wae,
apcenlators, are bent on concealing the true atate of
affairs in this land, facts clearly reveal how it hesomes
Whether the Spaniaris enzagd in this rade act foe
ony, or for fear of the conseqiaenco of te wir, op
becanse they are convinced that ~oa0 wil never rule
amin over the dsland as she weed to, 15 ao 0 cort iined
Ali TF iknow is that they favor the patriot ow cgevap they
have a choaee Tu the Western Demet gt casrchy
Pensis pre, Heretofore the voltaic ers don ndnd
upon the captain-General, het today his repatation in
fnpaired, and the utmost Kistensr of hi cuss, Asa
proot ot ths, the Spanivh paper Voz de Guia, vimerly
the orzan of the volunteers has accused the Gian.
wil -hagd Spanish orator aad publie officer, Je 1 vero, as
pacisant of the natilot= from Whose 0200 4 Lie receives
a uory to favorthare se ta =p i. rons who know
the ex-Pre ident of the Spani=h Cortes and ex-Mayor of
Mad oud, boove assured me that he ds nda pane of acting
{rows such doshonorable woth s,
About pattary operations we en «00 atthe I ph.
Leon lorve not been idle, and have emmy art on
the offensive, Fi the jurisdic on of Guan’ aust an en
connter took place which may rat's te boudne os with the
first tht occurred during the wan, Moisi Gomes
a brave Repabhican chief, attacda pan’ tooo which
the re were tore than 200 wen of the ¥oaneh Lattahon
~t, Oncntin perfectly wntrenched, within boise, They
arte enabled to sustain the violent attack of thet uhansg
i whore lands they neveriheless uaght ail Lave fallen,
vad it not been for the timely arrival of «oe other
a
patil forces that came to their assistance. Among
thier was the battalion “Cuba” Lis atinek of
Gomez proves that he has confidence on his
troops, a+ it was rather  daneerons to attack
the Spaniard< in their well-lit intren Lments, suarded
hy a well-organized fores, More than 3,00 men have
larly arrived from Spain at St, Jawo, a Jarisdiction bor
dering on Guantanamo, and all have been sont to take
the tel, In spite of them, however, the Culans hold
their eronnd, and the Spaniards have not been oven able
to prevent the invasion of the jurisdiction of 8t, Jago by
the Vonezoaotan Gen, Garrido, who snow in that jams.
tion. An company, it seems, with Presid nt Cespe les—the
man of iron will, as the Cabans swy—and Louw Fiusrdo,
as well as other persons of rank, accompanicl by large
Irpublivan forces,
How thines have changed, A year ago Va'maseda cel.
ebrated the paeifeation of the Eastern Department;
to-day there are not sufficient troops mn this t4und te
make the Cubans retire from the places they have boldly
reconquer «dn Bayamo, Holguin, and Jiguani, the
actinal position of the Spanfardsis polis: ert: al, though
iLey have reénforced the first named with moe than
1,060 troops, All the fields are held by the patriots, while
the spamards are shat up in the forts awanting the at
tack of the Cubans, The well known Republican, Vicenta
Garein, bas under his command considerable forces in
this district and in the surrounding country, and itis
rumored that hie badly defeated the Spaniards, who were
under Brigadier Morales Rios, It is unquestionable that
the Captain-General considers it necessary to abandon
the Oriente, excepting the seaports and those places of
Camactey where the Spaninrds may stand without mach
tear of being attacked; thepefore proceed his efforts
in raising and fortifying the trocha between the district
of Camagvey and the military command of Espiritu.
Santo and Moron, The persons surrounding Valmasods
ascertain that he has not already carrled ont his plan for
{ear of the Volunteers, bat that he thinks the realization
in ovitable, Hie 1s trying to changas his abode to the city
ot ~t. Jiugo, where he has propared a beautiful house for
himself. The Count thinks this the best way to with.
draw himself from the iniluence of the Havana Volun
teers, and has accordingly made the Government of
Madrid acquainted with Lis project, which has not mes
with their approval, but Volmaseda answered back that
to Lold Ortente 30,000 men were required. And this is
the same Department de lared to be pacified u year ago.
In the Central Department, the Spaniards are also om
tLe dofensive, and are everywhere harassed. In Puerto
Principe great appreheisious aro felt on account of the
defeat oftorty volunteers, who went out to gather cattle
at the plantation Horqueta, 20 miles from that city.
Contldent in the untrustworthy official reports about
pacification, they satlied out, arrived at ihe spot selectad,
and had almost succeeded in their undertaking, when they
were unexpectedly attacked and put to tight by Ignacio
Agraunonte, They lost four dead and ten wounded, and
were harassed until they shut themselves upin the house
on the plantation. Soon afterward appeared some forees
of the battalion Chiclana, who knew of the rout
through some ranaways. The Spaniards report
that somo skirmishers have taken the Rpub
ican commandant, Pedro C. Gareia, and José
C. Rosabal prisoners, and have killed Panche
PPantomino, and wounded Rita Montaloo, a lady. [othe
district of Espiritu-8anto, and Moron, the sub-divided
forces of the Cubans scour the flelds and stay whers
they like, without the Spanlards beng abie to prevent
it. In Jobosi and Cabiguan there are Republican forees.
In Santa Teresa, a small place sitaeted between sprite
santo and Moron, the party un ter the Republican chief
Jo<¢ Oia ing been operating almost from the beginning
of the insurrection, threatening alternately Tmuara, Ar
royo Blanco, Marrognin, and sometimes they have ex
tended their operations to Meyva,
A Spanish report has it that finan engagemen® with the
patriots, north of Espiritu-Saute, the Snanish forees had
Killed 18 men, If this is true the Cuban forces ns! have
considerable, because, remembering thief "ind of war
fare, it is otherwise impossible fo Eill so nny st one
tie, In Moron several skirmishes of Little account
hove taken place, which prove the occeup ition of be
district by the Repubiicans, Though the attention of
the Spaniards is at present drawn to Oxiente, their sitn
ation in Villas is not at all epcable, espeendly 1a
Trinidad. The  Bpunish people ive tere In
constant dread, as the daiing Cipriano Looe froguently
appears at the very gates of the elite, and di apnoars as
by enchantment without the Spaenards srcceeding in
seizing hi, Add to thas the nasery sutlered by the
population, the numeious persons Lately Lnprosoned,
amon them women and Spaniards suspected of come
pity with the Cabans, and you will lisve a sheht dea
of their troubles. It it even rumored Gaal a opsuish
chief 14 implicated in a plot to favor the patriots. [uo
Santa Fe a Cuban force has in constant deck the
Spanish Volunteers of Camajuani. In sagua Chica thers
i= another party of patriots which every day bull 8 the
Spaniards, and these became encaged, snd sole Gays 350
Killed, tn revenge, a poor Chinaman, whom they met on
the road. In the space between Cienfuegos and Ville
Clara different Cuban parties are operating, ana have
Lad several sail encounters during these Dost digs.
This will convinee you that the troche cant nw en ectunlly
prevent the passing and re passing of the Republcann.
Eas amusing sud surprising that the trade ot provi
sions betng in Spanish hands in all the towns aii small
pices in the Ishind, the patriots are not Lions them
Li con assault inde by the spaniards in this mouth on A
Cuban cag, me Es onda, which bad been cane vanly
left without troops, the former found prov.aions ol os ely
kind. Who sent them 1 Where did they cote irom The
event has eased the Spanish papers fo wrie Bloody ar
ticles, overtiowing with re, demanding that no mercy
should be shown to those in arms, or to thelr shettors.
The veteran  chicly are deo abied, and they
pay back by calling the volunteers werds of cow:
ards. Since my last, more than two Londred
people have been imprisoned, and more will yet be sent
to the Island of Pines betore long, The dist news of 8
defeat will add some other names, t ken from hie private
record. The Vor de Cuba, van editorid), remaris that
itis not enough to say and swear by the Lord that you
are a Spamard, to give your money and everything yon
possess, That it Ix necessary, i widition, tu rove your
Espanwlismoe by taking u musket and joruing tue ary
Tr RRITIRIT ANTEMONARCHICAL MOVE
THE BRITISIT ANTIMONARCIITCAL MOVE
MENT.
ve on. TRO Ae OM AE is el,
While Mr. Dixon and his friends at Birmimae
Cham are prerring to call the Honse of I rds to account,
Bir Charies Dilke has bec overhauling the monarchy,
amd the applinse of a crowded assed lv, at Newcastle
on-Tyne. Nothing is sacred to our political saprurs. The
strength which 18 spent in assanlting the existing
meenanism of Government might far more profitibly be
directed in obtaining through it the politic and
gocial reforms which are casentinl, There is litle
good in burning down the house in order Ww
boil our egy. At the same tic ib wen choose to die
enss the usefulness of an herediiory Chamber, or even
the value of the monarchy, by all means et them dos
To depreeate ample and even hostile ertoeisu, sla! more
to meet the erities with gross personal abase, is inetd
onsly to betray the cause winel 18 osteo ntat,ousiy dee
fendid. What Lord Salisbury =and ua und ol the
House of Lords is frue of every Enczhidh institution,
even the highest, that af Gt cannot prove is unity
azainst  impugners it has wo clu to existence.
In a free constitution, there can be nothing
which 1 too holy for exauinat.on. Lt
wen know in detail the price of the mouar-by, that they
may leary whether or not they get proper value for ib
If that price is more than is necessary properly to sym:
bolize the dignity of the State, the bilan of the nation
with the Crown may be revised on fitting occasion.
the weantime, if the monarchy in England cosa us
something it saves us something. It would be dittenld
to reduce to a pecuniary estimate the annual loss 1
wasted energies of the election every four years of
Cet Magistrate in the United States, und ot the whole:
sale and minute Jobbing which the organizations for te
purpose Keep up.
REVOLUTIONARY ACTION DENOL NCFD.
From The Lowden Telegraph (Ladera!) of Not iu
Those who might attempt to force upon Ene
peat a Revolution for which her mind waa not made ub.
would nnd no Continental tacilities bore, out repuin
Hie a tempest, and a barrier like a mountain alm.
Vhin it is ready to exchange for newer models the his
torical system of liberty under which so much has beet
vatnod, the people will, in due and jegalar course ako
Vs resolve kvown through Parluonent, Meanwhile, ste
tits stem has lasted so long, and sinee so mi nh depends
pon it for omanity and for treadom, calmness, morsl
Py and tovetenee are not out of plied in the ais nasi.
Never of the three qualities has bean particularly vise
len the stall wich hus Lately been talked; and 13
Vderelore, Lime 0 lod panies of clue Cobb
FREE DISCE SION INVITED.