®lie ionm.
JAMES fi. FERGUSON. Editor
Kridgelon, Hot. 94th, 1871.
LOSS OF WHALING VESSEL8.
Following upon tho losses at Chicago
there come accounts of the abandonment
of vessels iu the Arctic Seas, almost as de
structive to the property of N ew Bedford,
Mass,, as though the town was laid in ashes.
In all thirty-three vessels havo been crushed
or abandoned iu the ico, and it is believed
that both vessels and cargo will prove a to
tal loss. The fleet passed up through Bbe
ring Straits, and as the weather seemed fa
vorable and whales plenty they remained
thoro longer than was safe. The ice shut
them in, but as it was reported there was
plenty of sea room near by and whales to
catch, they continued there cutting up the
whales ou the ice, and towing the blubber
to the ships. One or two vessels were
crushed by the bergs and their crews re
ceived upon other vessels. Still no one
thought there would be any difficulty of
getting out the first N. E. gale. Ou the
8th of September the bark Awashonks was
crushed between the heavy floe and the
ground ice. Her crew were also received ou
board the other ships. As day after day
passed and no signs of tho ice opening, tho
masters of the ships became anxious about
the loss of time, as tho season was passing
away. They wero unwilling to believe that
the ice would not go off shore, as in all
their former experience it had done at this
time of the year. Nothing would be seen
but one solid body of ice off shore as far as
the eye could see except the narrow strip iu
shore, which was from 200 yards to half a
mile wide. Tho ships were lying, some
jammed in the ice and some in open water,
all the way from Point Belcher to two or
three miles south of IVaiuwright Inlet.
During all this time every one was anx
iously expecting a north-east gale, but in.
stead the wind continued from south-east
to north-west, always light from south-east
and fresh from south-west. This kept the
ice packing together more closely every
day. Tho masters of the ships now became
seriously anxious about getting out of this
perilous situation. The danger of their sit
uation was apparent to every one, and as
the season was advancing there was great
danger of boing frozen in, as the ice was
making daily in tho open strip of water.
Tlmv TtaIH a tndpfiiirr J»nrl aHAmnterl llV
various arts to escape but all in vain. On
the 19tli of September another meeting was
held by the masters, tho painful fact having
forced itself upon the mind of every one,
that in order to save the 'ivesof their crews
they would have to abandon their ships.
And then to what purpose could it be done,
as there was no place of safety for the
ships had they been in a harbor, some oi
the crews might be left to take care of them
and keep the natives from destroying them.
But as they lay in the open sea, exposed tc
every storm, the chances were that they
would all be destroyed by the ice. Undei
these trying circumstauces, they were forced
to abandon the ship to save their lives, anc
the colors were accordingly set as agreed
on—at the mast-heads—to notify all the
ships’ companies to get ready to leave or
the 14th of September. The masters ol
the distressed vessels knew if they were
caught by the bad weather the chances
were that thev would never get back again,
alter oeing o.—and
death awaited them should they be obliged
to stay accordingly, boats were loaded
with such provisions and clothing as were
absolutely necessary, and by 4 P. M. every
ship’s company had left, and were on their
way down the coast. They found the ice
much worse than they had any idea of, and
a great deal of shoal water besides, so that
even if they had succeeded in getting the
brigs over the bar at Wainwriglit Inlet,
they never could have got them in the clear
water south. At night they camped on the
beach, and at daylight, on the 15th, they
proceeded on their way to Icy Cape it
blew strong from the south, and when they
came in sight of the ships they found con
siderable difficulty in getting off to them,
as the boats were loaded deep and the sea
rugged. The barks Arctic, Midas, and Pro
gress, lost each an anchor in trying to hold
on to take them on board. On the 10th the
last boats’ crews were taken on board, and
the wind blowing strong from tho north
west, they weighed anchor and steered to
the south-west, it having been agreed be
tween the captains of the ships to proceed
to Plover Bay, and there get water and
wood to last them on the passage to the
Sandwich Islands. This was done by five
of the ships, the Arctic, Progress, Midas,
Lagoda, and Europe, which arrived there
on the 24th, and sailed again on tho 25tb.
The distance traversed by the beats after
abandoning the ships, before reaching the
ships south of Icy Cape, was about 70
miles tne ice being in one solid body all
the way to Icy Cape, leaving a narrow strip
of clear water along the beach the entire
distance, but also very shoal.
THE CROPS.
The crops in our State this year make a
very fair showing as compared with those of
the year which is past. The 'statistics of
the Agricultural Department at Washing
ton, so far as they refer to this State, pre
sent a very gratifying aspect, and let us see
that with each increasing year there is an
increasing power of production, a fact
which cannot be otherwise than pleasant to
every Jerseymau. The wheat crop so far
as reported from Counties will stand at 2,
100,000 bushels this year against 1,680,000
last year. Tlio quality of the wheat is also
from ten to fifteen per cent, better than last
year. The rye is also in advance of last
year. The oats are not up to the average,
but, taken all through the State the corn is
slightly above it. Potatoes go ten per cent,
above last year. The cranberries will only
give from half to two-thirds of a crop,
though that is more from the scald thau auy
other cause. Taken altogether the crops
have arell rewarded the labor, and the prices
have been fairly remunerative. And yet a
large, a very large part of the area of our
State is not under cultivation at all. Acres
by tlieir thousands, lie' as they ever have
lain in the lower parts of New Jersey,
with no attempt at even a cultivation.
Much of this land is either fertile in itself
or capable of being very easily made so.
Marl with which to develop it lies accessi
ble all around. The railroads scatter it
over the lauds like rain. Everywhere too
these roads are penetrating and intersecting
all parts of the soil, and compelling enter
prise and capital to embark themselves in
improvement. In a very few years from
now we look for these statistics to be
doubled.
Fresh Fish.—Our citizens will be grat
ified to learn that Mr Elmer Jackson has
made arrangements to supply all who may
desire fre6h fish every day direct from the
fishery near Long Branch. Having an in
terest in the fishery, and knowing just what
ous citizens want, be is prepared to supply 1
them on the most reasonable terms, in large
or small quantities. His stand at present,
is near Davis Son’s hotel, and we advise
those who wish fish of the beat quality, to
give Mr. Jackson a call.
ALEXIS OF RUSSIA.
New York has been all agog for a month
past looking for the Grand Duke Alexis,
the :ou of the Emperor of Russia. Com
mittees were appointed and a programme
elaborated, but day after day, the dispatch
went to tho country, The Russian fleet
not in sight.” At borne their was deep
anxiety, and here protracted waiting. A
United States squadron was anchored in
side of Sandy Hook, and ready to offer the
national honors to our guests, and the
steamer Tallapoosa made a daily trip to sea
in quest of the expected fleet. There was
1 a world of anxiety lest he should make his
j appearance ou the eve of election, as it was
found that a law interdicted military pa
rades within five days of election, and all
parties were united upon having a grand
time.
A ball at tho Academy of course is to
come off, and there are already arranged an
Executive Committee with white badges,
and a Reception Committee with blue
badges, and a Floor and Supper Committee
with red ones. Then as to an excursion on
the Hudson. Tho invitations for the trip
are ornamented with a view of the river
and highlands from West Point. All the
badges are of the finest silk, with orna
I meutal gilt lettering, and tho tickets and in
i vitations are highly artistic in design and
i execution. Julien has charge of the musi
cal entertainment on board tho steamer
Mary Powell, and will direct in person,
i One of tho vessels came in before the rest
of the fleet, and as the salutes were heard
I over a radius of thirty miles the next day
every route of travel was crowded with
people flocking to the city to see the pa
i rade.
Ou Sunday the 19th, the fleet arrived, and
all suspense was relieved. On Monday a
pelting storm of rain prevented the parade
that had been arranged, and it seemed as
though the very elements were conspiring
against the good time New York had prom
ised itself. On Tuesday however, patience
had its reward. The weather was fine, and
Broadway was thronged in every part. The
rural districts poured in their masses. The
j military were on parade, and the reception
j took place with all due honor and formality.
It is no doubt well to treat the Grand
Duke with distinction but the religious in*
tolerance shown toward the Baltic Provinces
j manifests the fact that in spirit Russia and
j the United States are still as widely asuu
der as the poles.

SOMETHING WRONG SOMEWHERE.
There has been no small amount of com
plaint throughout the county, not only the
j past year, but in previous ones, to the
manner in which some of the features of
i the Cumberland County Agricultural So
ciety is conducted. We call attention at
this time to the awarding of premiums.
The Society in its printed Schedule of Pre
miums for the last Exhibition holds out the
inducement to depositors that certain pre
miums will bo awarded, if the articles are
deposited and worthy of a premium. Un
der the head of Home Department—
First Division,” it says, Best Fancy Cake,
$1.50; 2d. best, $1.00. This premium to ex
tend to four varieties, a premium for each.”
Does any one pretend to say that the la
dies of this county did not deposit more than
one variety of fancy cake, at the last exhi
bition, and yet iD the official report fur
nished by the Secretary of the Society for
the newspapers, only one first and one sec
ond premium is awarded for the whole four
varieties. How is this accounted for 1 We
know' tnat in one ioatanoo -.it least, at the
last exhibition where the committe awarded
a premium on fancy cake, and the card was
pinned on the cake within the case where
no other person had access, that the pre
mium which had been justly awarded was
refused. Some may think this a small mat
ter to refer to. It is not the amount of
money involved but the principle of the
thing. If this was only an isolated instance
the society might take the benefit of it in
welcome. When we refer to the Society,
we mean that portion of it which is respon
sible for the management which brings dis
credit upon it, to say the least of it. If
certain specified premiums are promised for
particular articles, the committees examine
those articles, pronounce them worthy, and
award the premiums, should not those pre
miums be raid when called for We would
not censure the Society for what iif beyond
its conti ol, but ask in the name of justice if
there is not something connected with it
which should be remedied.
REOPENING SERVICES.
The Lecture-room of the Trinity M. E.
Church having been enlarged and thoroughly
refitted and refurnished, will bo reopened
for Divine Service (D. V.) on next Sabbath
November 26th. Quarterly meeting will be
held on the same day. The Quarterly Love
Feast will take place at 9 o'clock, and at
10J A. M. A sermon will be preached by
Rev. J. B. Graw, D. D., of Mount Holly.
ui*u-];uov A. JUX.f kUCIC Will UC d UUU
dren’s Meeting, to be addressed by Revs.
I. D. King, W. E. Perry, J. L. Roe, and
Rev. Dr. Graw. Preaching in the evening
at 7 o’clock by Rev. W. E. Perry, Presiding
Elder of the District, to be followed by a
prayer meeting. The following services
will be held at the same place during the
succeeding week On Monday evening,
Nov. 27th. at half-past 7 o'clock, Rev. Dr.
Graw will deliver a lecture on the subject of
Temperance. Mr. Graw is Chief Templar
of New Jersey, and one of our most prom
inent and popular Temperance lecturers.
Good Templars and 8ons of Temperance
are especially invited to this meeting. On
Tuesday evening, Nov. 28th, at 7j o’clock,
there will be a general prayer meeting. On
Thursday evening Nov. 30th, at half-past
7, there will be a Union Thanksgiving
Meeting, to be conducted by the Local
Preachers’ Association, of Bridgeton. To
all of the above services the attention of
the pnblic is invited generally.
A VOICE FEOM UTAH.
Elder Lindsey who is now visiting this
part of the country has announced a lec
ture at Grosscup’s Hall on Monday evening
next, on the Manners, customs, products,
climate, and present state of affairs in Salt
Lake City.” Mr. Lindsey having been a
resident of Salt Lake City for the past thir
teen years, and one of Brigham Young’s
Elders, is well qualified to give information
in reference to that place and the state of
affairs there. He is a firm believer in poly
gamy, and insists that it can be sustained
by the Scriptures, but in his lecture docs not
propose to make that one of the prominent
features, but will speak of it as it exists in
Utah, and give some information which
does not generally appear in the journals of
the day. While our citizeus may differ
with him in opinion in many respects, tboso
who attend his lecture on Monday evening
next will find him to be gentlemanly and
respectful, and while differing in views will
doubtless be convinced of his siuccrlty, and
edified by his statement of facts. On next
Tuesday evening Mr. Lindsey is announced
to lecture jn Vineland.
Secretary Robeson baa directed that six
more of the cadet raidabipmen at Annapo
lis, who have been guiltv of oppressive and
scandalous oonduct tending to the destruc
tion of good morals, be dropped from the
rolls of the academy, as unfit for the naval
sendee.
I
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
Odd Fellows held in the city of Trenton, on
Wednesday, the 15th inst., it will he seen
by tuo appended list of names, that our fol
low townsman Mr. B. T. Bright, lias been
elected and installed Grand Master of the
State. Benny iR known throughout this
district as au active and untiring worker in
the cause of Odd Fellowship, and of a truth
he may verily lie called the war horse of
that Order in this jurisdiction. We heartily
congratulate the Odd Fellows of New Jer
sey on the selection of such a whole-souled,
genial fellow ag Fast Grand Bright, to their
highest official gift. The Grand Master’s
chair has long been filled by excellent and
able men, and we have no doubt that under
Grand Master Bright’s administration the
interests of the Grand Lodge will be most
effectually looked to, and at the close of his
term another bright record he added to the
list of previous Grand Masters whose ac
tions adorn tho history of New Jersey Odd
Fellowship. The following are the officers
for the year ending November 15th, 1872
Grand Master—Benjamin T. Bright, of
Bridgeton Lodge, No. 129.
Deputy Grand Master—Charles Ellis, of
Monmouth Lodge, No. 20.
Grand Warden—Col. Win. B. Robertson,
of Washington Lodge. No. 21.
Grand Secretary—Lewis Parker, Jr., of
South Trenton Lodge, No. 86.
Grand Treasurer—Joseph L. Lamb, of
Pemberton Lodge, No. 49.
Representative to Grand Lodgo of the
United States—two years—Theodore A.
Ross, of Stella Lodge, No. 183.
New Jersey Sunday School Association.
The above named Association met in the
city of Paterson on Tuesday of last week.
Much business of importance was transacted
and the interests of the Sunday School
very generally looked to. There were 850
delegates present. The Corresponding Sec
retary, Samuel G. Clark, reported 145,920
Sunday School scholars in the State. The
sum of $5,473 was reported as expended for
Sunday School and benevolent purposes du
ring the past year. On Tuesday evening a
large meeting was held and the local option
laws warmly endorsed. Rev. B. C. Lippin
cott, of Cedarville, was elected as one of
tho delegates to tho National Sunday School
Convention, which is to meet at Indianap
olis, April 17th, 18th, and 19th, 1872. The
followin'? officers were elected President.
Rev. Dr. J. II. Vincent, of Plainfield Vico
Presidents, A. Jamieson, Rev. G. Bacon
L. Q. C. Elmer; Corresponding Secretary,
Samuel W. Clark, of Newark Recording
Secretary, William Nelson, of Paterson.
Rev. B. C. Lippincott having tendered his
resignation as Recording Secretary, was
unanimously elected a member of the State
Executive Committee. Samuel Applegit,
of Bridgeton, was appointed County Sec
retary of Cumberland. Bridgeton was
unanimously chosen as the seat of the next
Convention, which is to moet on tho 15th,
18th, aud 17th of Noveml>er, 1872.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE CONVENTION.
A correspondent in another column, has
given a very correct idea of tho convention
to be held in this city on Tuesday next.—
The manner in which many conventions,
professedly in the interest of Woman t- uf
frage, have been conducted by dragging in
to them all kinds of isms and outlandish
notions, has disgusted tho sensible and con
servative people to such an extent as to re
act unfavorably against the movement.—
The convention to be held in this city is
under the direction of tho more sensible
wing of the advocates of Woman Suffrage,
and those who attend will doubtless be con
vinced that there are some rights at least
which women are deprived of that should
tie granted them, and many positions that
will be occupied by them within a few
years that prejudice now precludes them
from. Those females' who qualify them
selves for prominent and lucrative positions
will be prepared to step into them as soon
as the prejudices of the communities in
which they live give way.
Illness of Gov. Parker—Seriout Hem
trrhage.^Ex-Governor Parker, had been
laboring for some days in a case in the Uui
ted States i iveuit Court, was taken on Mon.
day with bleeding at the nose. At first it
was regarded as a trifling matter, but on
Tuesday morning the blood flowed so pro
fusely that physicians had to be called. The
bleeding continued np to noon. The phy
sicians at one time, thought it would turn
to be a very serious case, but at the last ac
counts the danger was supposed to hare
been passod. By the physicians in attend-'
■‘.nee, the conclusion was that after all it
was fortunate that the bleeding had taken
place—but for that there was a strong prob
ability that apoplexy would have been the
result.
Carelessness.—The Postmaster of Bos
ton has 1 list. iftfillArl n rirnulfir msin
points of which might be profitably studied
by business men in any city. It appears
that the habit of opening letters in the
area of the post-office, and throwiug the
envelops on the floor, has been largely turn
ed to account by sharpers, who thus learn
the number of the boxes of firms, and d<r
mand their letters. Quite recently an en
terprising youth was arrested while in the
act of collecting letters from as many as
sixteen boxes, all of which he had gone
through in a couple of hours.
Lectures.—Dr. 0. W. Gleason, who lec
tured so acceptably in this city a few years
since, will commence a courso of ten lec
tures in Grosscup’s Hall on Monday eve
ning the lltli of December. The Doctor is
thoroughly posted on the subjects which he
treats, and his stylo of lecturing is not only
attractive and very interesting but highly
instructive. Those who desire information
on the subjects of Physiology, Anatomy,
Chronic diseases, the laws of health, and
other- things pertaining to their welfare,
should not fail to attend all Dr. Gleason’s
lectures.
CW Mr. Thomas Murphy has at last
yielded to the moral sense of the commu
nity, pretty plainly manifested, and vigor
ously pressed, and resigned the position of
Collector of the Port of New York. Gen.
Chester A. Arthur, who has been appointed
to succeed Mr. Murphy, is generally spoken
of as a man of ability and el>aracter.

EST A new theory is given for the spread
of the small-pox in Philadelphia. Promi
nent gentlemen at Washington, attribute it
to the sale of buffalo robes taken from the
Blackfeet and Piegan Indians, among whom
the disease prevailed some two years since.

Farm For Bale.—The attention of per
sons wishing to purchase a desirable farm
or exchange a house and lot in this city for
one, can do so liy applying to Edmund Lo
per, Woodstown, Salem County, N. J.
E3Br Peter Petty, who recently died at
Morristown, is said to have draDk no less
than seven quarts of liquor during the last
five days of bis life. He liked it
Bix Stories—full of fine Clothing at Wan
•maker Brown’s.
or An address on eminent women of
the Bible, at the convention on Tuesday.
THE MORMONS.
Much is said and written at the present
time in reference to the Mormons, their
system of morals and religion. The Gov
eminent interference in some respects is I
well enough, but the men Who are enforcing
the laws in that territory are not of much
credit to this Govern Trent. If the system
of polygamy is unlawful and cannot be i
sustained by the word of God, then let it j
go under, but in putting it under let it be I
done in accordance with the principles of
justice.
According to the statemen* of the Salt
Lake Daily Herald, the editors of which
arc not all polygamists, but have indepen- j
donee enough to speak out when they see
injustice practiced by the authorities
against the citazcns of Salt Lake; a man
named Harrington has languished in prison
for nine months without even having, been
indioted for tlie offence for-"which be is
charged. The grand jury has been in ses
sion, found numbers of indictments, and
were permitted to a reoess for several weeks
without examining this important case, and
giving Harrington an opportunity to bo
placed on trial! If this is carrying out tlie
constitutional guarantee of affording a
speedy trial to persons charged with grave
offences, then tlie law books will have to be
re-written.
That there are evils in Utah which need
remedying no one will pretend to deny, and
the proper enforcement of the laws will ac
complish the desired end. That the Mor
mons arc greatly misrepresented, and in
many instances persecuted, are facts well
known to unprejudiced persons who arc
well acquainted with the state of affairs in
that territory. Even ministers of the Gos
pel have lately written of the Mormons as
“being universally not only as polygamous,
but as murderers, as tlie old lighting patri
archs—as so many Isbraaels and outlaws,
vicious, depraved, disorderly, sensual, dev
ilish.” That Hawkins, lately tried in Salt
Lake City, and convicted is a man of low
older, and a very disreputable specimen of
a Saint, no one acquainted with the facts
pretends to deny.
Grace Greenwood in a late correspon
dence from Salt Lake City, says: “There
are bad Saints as well as good sinners.”
While she is no advocate of polygamy, she
believes in “giving the devil his duo,” and
goes on to speak candidly and impartially
of the place and its people.
This is doubtless a wicked place, but it
does not monopolize the wickedness of tlie
threat Tip mil vl ip The T ahernaele l»aa loft.
something to Tammany. Brigham Young
may Ik chief among the left-hand “goats,”
but ho did not carry all the sins of the peo
ple into the wilderness.
Now, from all I have been able to observe
and from all I hear from intelligent Gentiles
long residents here, I am convinced that
the Mormon people generally are remarka
bly quiet, orderly, sober and industrious—
strongly and especially addicted to minding
their own business. However much the
leaders may be given to proselyting, the
common people never intrude their peculiar
tenets and ideas upon you; but if you in
quire concerning them, they will plainly
and seriously answer your questions, and
in most cases, while struck by the absurdi
ty or revolted by the moral obliquity of
those ideas, you are convinced of the abso
lute sicerity of the simple hearted expound
ers.
As to Brigham Y"oung we must all admit
even in this bis time of trouble and threat
ened overthrow, that considering the ele
ments he had to deal with, considering the
hard conditions of early emigration and
settlement, he had formed a wonderful
working liolouy, unparalleled for
constnui-j <$ncl coiicoion -lias created a State
almost a nation, in this wild, desert land,
and on the Vwhole, has governed it surpas
singly well. But for this one fatal mistake,
this man might have left to other times a
noble fame, if not for inspired loadership,
for masterly sagacity—if not as a prophet
of the Lord, as a benefactor of the Lord’s
poor—if not as the priest of a new religion,
as the founder of a new common wealth.
The Proceedings of City Council
Bridgeton, Nov. 21st, 1871.
Stated meeting.
Council met at 7j o’clock.
Present—Mayor, Elmer, Mulford, Roork,
Dare, Trenchard and Kienzle.
Joseph Burt presented himself and was
sworn in as Commissioner of Appeal for the
Third Ward.
Permits Granted—Joseph C. Moore, to
build dwelling on Mill Street, Second Ward;
Paullin, Couover Co., to onlarge the
Mission School, Second Ward
The Application made by Smith Shaw
for permit to build fish house on Commerce
Street, Third Ward, was rejected.
Communication from Board of Educa
tion asking Council to appropriate $1300
for the use of public schools, was read, and
laid over.
Bill of Thomas S. Green, six months ser
vices as Marshal, was read aud or
dered paid.
Petition of eighteen citizens asking that
that portiou of Commerce Street, known
as Elmer's Mill-dam, be widened, was read
and laid over.
Application of Louis Gall for permission
to sell porter, ale, and cider, laid over at a
late meeting, came up for final action, and
license was granted price fixed at $25.00.
Application of Jacob Leeds to sell malt,
vinous, and spirituous liquors, laid over at
a late meeting, came up for final action,
and license was granted; price fixed at
$150.
Adjourned.
Geo. W. McCowak, Recorder.
COAL ASHES.
It has been the custom of many of our
citizens to have their coal ashes thrown in the
street. If this were done judiciously by
filling up the holes and ruts It would be of
advantage, but instead of doing so, in too
many cases the ashes are thrown in piles in
the street or emptied into the gutter, which
is still more objectionable. The city au
thorities have lately notified those in the
central parts of the eity not to have any
more ashes thus disposed of. Many of the
business firms and others have adopted the
plan of putting their ashes in boxes or bar
rels, and placing them on the outer edge of
the sidewalk. This is a good plan if they
are carted away before the boxes and bar
rels become fihed. Some persons may leave
their ashes in wooden receptacles within the
building, and thus not only endanger their
own property, but other portions of the i
city. Too much oare cannot be taken with
hot ashes, as many extensive fires have been
originated from carelessness in this respect.
jy* The organization of the Legislature
is now becoming a matter of interest. The
Senate will probably be organized with Hon.
Edward Bettlo as President, aud the old
officers remaining. For Speaker of the i
House the names of Hon. Nathaniel Niles,
of Morris, and Edmund L. Joy, of Essex,
have been mentioned. Mr. Jeremiah H.
Lupton, of tbis citli.is named as the next
EngrossingClerk.
-t. (y. ji.;
tw The Gloucester County Agricultural
Society has dissolved, and the fixtures will
be sold on Monday next, the 27th Inst.
From The Presbyterian.
SHAU WE EAVE A SABBATH
Messrs iCditort—Must it be abandoned lie
cause of the oppression of its enemies and
the apatky of its friends? In South Jer
sey Christians are alarmed by the dangers
which threaten tho sacred day; and especi
ally by the evil effects of Sunday trains to
the watering places. They fear that, if
these are allowed to continue without pro
test, seon all the railroads, multiplying rap
idly iu South Jersey, will, under tho pre
text of carrying a small mail bag, (or grow-
ing move bold, without it,' override aud
overthrow the Sabbath.
Baptiste, Presbyterians, and Methodists
are acting in harmony, and by representa-
lives of their eccleastieal bodies are organ-
izing for uuited action. They propose to i
call attention to this matter by public meet- I
lngs; also to cultivate a correct public sen-
tiraeut by the distribution of Sabbath doc-
umer.ts, and to give the friends of morality
and order an opportunity to speak through
the medium of respectful petitions. They
would, in reliance upon God’s help, employ
tho power of the pulpit and the press. Iu j
all this great work they solicit the co-oper- j
ation of the editors of both tho secular and
religious papers.
The Executive Committee would respect
fully call attention to the fcllowiug sugges- j
lions:
Seven Reasons why the Railroad Trains to i
Cape May and Atlantic City should rest j
One, Day in Seven.
1. Because the Sabbath was made for j
man, and its rest is neccossary for his high
est physical, mental, and spiritual good. I
2. Bocauso a Sabbath well improved will
strengthen the moral character of the em
ployes on railroads, and give them a day of
rest, to which they have an equal right
with others, and consequently insure great
er security to travelers, and greater fidelity I
to the interests of tho employers.
8. Because, by the removal of temptations
to desecrato the Sabbatli, intemperance, dis
order, and other vices will be diminsbed
and the opposito virtues will bo strength
ened.
4. Because tho reputation, and hence tho
real prosperity of Atlantic City and Cape
May City will bo promoted, and nothing j
can be gained in tlio long run by despising j
the Sabbath.
5. Because a discrimination is mado in
favor of few, and they- arc permitted to
pursue their worldly business on Sunday,
which other corporations and individuals j
are forbidden to do. Moreover if this con-
tiuue without remonstrance, the evil will
grow worse and worse, and soon ail the
i railroads, so rapidly increasing in South i
Jersey, will demand the same liberty, and
will override and crush the Sabbath as a
civil and a religious institution.
G. Because a largo class of tho inhabi
tants living on the lines of these railroads,
j besides many people from other States,
renting cottages, during tho summer at the
watering-places, are opposed to this Sab
bath desecration, and their feelings, rights,
and patronage ought to be disregarded.—
The State law declares their rights in the j
Act on “Vice and Immorality,” whereby
it forbids, under penalty, the disturbance
of religious worship.
7. Because the law of God says, “Re
member the Sabbath day to keep it holy-”
Exodus xx. 8.

For the West Jersey Pioneer.
THE COMING CONVENTION.
ifr. Editor:—It may not be known to all
your readers, that the followers of the Wo
man’s Suffrage movement in the United
States, are divided into two general classes,
of which is perhaps best represented
by Mia. Wood hull, Theodore Tilton, and
others, who allow' their opinions on free
love, &c., to got “badly mixed” with the
suffrage question, and who prejudice the
public by their eccentricities. The other,
which may be termed the conservative and
respectable wing of the party, U represent
ed by the American Woman’s Suffrage As
sociation, and is led by such women as Lucy
Stone, Julia Ward Howe, Mrs. Livermore,
and others. Its work is nearer akin to the
English movement, which is in charge of J.
Stuart Mill, and hosts of other eminent and
wealthy ladies and gentlemen throughout
the realm. It is understood that the ob
ject of Lucy Stone and her associate* is to
calmly and reasonably discuss the Woman
Question, pure and simple, with no outside
issues whatever. Their doctrine is that the
Free-Trader, or Baptist, or Eight hour man,
or Spiritualist, or Republican, or Presbyte
rian, or Prevention-of-cruelty-to-animals
izationistor any other specialist, hasao right
to bring his views on politics, ethics, or
religion into tho suffrage conventions. Let
us hope that the coming convention hero
will be a shining examplo thereof, and let
all attend and see that it is conducted
aright. 8.
A Timely Warniko.—The slight snow
storm which fell on Thursday should be ac
cepted as a warning that inexorable and
stern old hoary-headed Winter is near at
hand. Look out for frosty fingers and blue
noses and a general “shivery shakiness” all
over. No man ought to go about in the
.ii 'it. ah. l al a. :a i_i s
healthful. His braius wero given him that
he might make use of them and outwit the
sheep of a sufficiency of his coat to keep him
warm and comfortable. This wool after
being manufactured into the finest fabrics,
can be found fashioned into an immense
variety of Garments of the finest make at
tho very lowest prices at the great Clothing
Emporium of Bennett Co., Towek
Hall, No. 618 Market Street, half-way
between Fifth and Sixth streets, Philadel
phia.

Among the recent victims of the small
pox in Berks county, were Benjamin Con
rad and Josiah Sutplien, two citizens of
Oley township. These men belonged to
a class, of which there is quite a number
in that county, that still practice the old
and absurd system of trying to cure dis
ease by pow-woieing, or the exercise of cer
tain mysterious rites performed over the
body of the sick person. A neighbor of
these men caught the small pox in Philadel
phia, and they undertook to operate on
him. Their patient, who had the disease
in a mild form, got well, but the “doctors”
were both attacked soon after with a ma
lignant typo of the malady, and both died.
Tho corn crop of the West the present
season has proved the best harvested for
years. In many portions of Indiana, Iowa,
Missouri, Nebraska and Minnessota corn is
offered in the cribs at ten to fifteen cents a
bushel. In Illinoise and Kentucky the
yield has been beyond all precedent.
tW Neighboring cities are suffering from
the Small-pox infection. A little care and
caution will prevent it in our own town.
Use Dare's Preventive. Easily carried
about the person. Had only at Charles F.
Dare’s Drug Store.
rif Neither Thodore Tilton, nor George
Francis Train are to speak at the Hall next
Tuesday, but Lucy Stone is. While they
run wild and crazy, she is ever tho calm,
gentle, dignified woman.
0
An Illinoise burglar slid down a chimney
to get into a store, but as tho fire-place i
bad been walled up he did not get out un
til the oecupants helped him.
The small pox prevails in portions of
South America. It is spreading in Chili,
and has broken out among tho Buenos
Ayres troops.
Haf If you have’nt Stony hearts, go to
the convention, next Tuesday.
Would cover 8 Acres—Wanamaker A
Brow’s Immense Salesrooms.
1
Incendiary, and Attempted Robbery.
—Tho large barn ou the farm belonging to
Mr. Aaron A. Fogg, of Salem, situated j
ibout two miles from that city, iu tho
‘Quaker Neck” portion of Maunington,
kas sot on firo and totally destroyed about j
J o’clock, on Friday evening last. Tho
jam contained eighteen loads of hay, and I
’our hundred bushels of wheat, all of which
ivas burnt. During the progress of the
ire the house of Mr. Jonathan Fogg near
jy, was entered by some person with tho
utention of robbery. The villain con
cealed himself in tho closet of the sleep- j
ng apartment of Mr. and Mrs. Fogg, while
they wero away at the fire. Ou coming 1
liome Mr. Fogg as customary, placed a por- j
tion of his wearing apparel in tho closet, j
buttoning the door, and thus locking the
robber in. At an early hour ill tho morn- j
ing, as they wero about arising to enter ou j
Lhc duties of the day, the closeted individ
ual fancied himself iu too close quarters, j
burst the door open, aud endeavored to os- i
capo. lie succeeded in escaping however,
after a severe encounter witli Mr. Fogg.
tw Our new State Senator is expected
to speak at tbo convention, of which Lucy
Stone is the bright particular star; next
Tuesday.
OT Lucy Stone, and other eminent
speakers at Grossoup’s llall—also a humor- j
ous recitation by a talented young lady—
Tuesday next.
fST" Au elegant display of choice candies
at Charles F. Dare’s Drug Store. He is
ready for the holidays.
“None like it”—so the people say of Wan
amaker Brown’s Clothing.
Stands to reason—that Wanaraakcr A
Brown can sell cheapest.
THE WAY TO GROW RICH,
Practice Economy.
Look afl-r small j
tning*. The bi* ones j
will take care of them-
Htdve*. Hanpmes* i-el- j
dom come* with f<*r- j
tunes made at one
hazardous *froke,ora
gambling speculation
AND
the magnificent struc-
tore i* reared ston
by stone. No man
can
ENJOY HAPPINESS
who is reckless in hi*
dealing. A Do! ar
*ore<i in judicious ex-
peLditure
IS
a Dollar earned. Mon. i
ey can be saved.
IN’ PRACTICING ECONOMY
and seleetinu from
our new and exten-
HireaHHortmentof Fall j
AND
Winter Clothing for
Mvn’a, Youths Boy-*’ 1
and Children'* wear.
wht»n
PURCHASING YOUR CLOTH FS
that this splendid j
Stock baa been pre-
pared and finished by
Skillful Workmen, of j
the finest and best i
materials, made up in
the most substantia.
manner, and in the i
latest Styles, at the j
well-known economi
cal prices j
OR
the cheapest, best,
and. to the purchas- j
er, most Satisfactory
Clothing House in
Philadelphia.
Bennett Co., f Hall way between
51b Market St, Flfll? !?n c,
Philadelphia i S,xth Streets, i
July 2l-’71
CURTIS OGDEN.
Lite of the firm of Ogden Hyatt, has resumed the i
position formally held by him as Chief of Custom J
Department of Wanamaker Brown’s Oak Hall j
Clothing House, Nos 1,3,5,7.9.11 and 13, South 6th
•it., Philadelphia, where he will be very happy to re- i
oeive his friends of Cumberland and adjacent coun.
ies, assuring them that he is better prepared than
ever before i© accommodate the wishes of the most j
particular person. Wanamaker Brown have nev
er had such a Large and Elegant Stock of Goods in
the piece to order from. Prices very moderate.—
Samples with ea-y rnies for self-measureraent, sent
by mail, when written fer. nov 194t
FEMALE WEAKNESSES,
There is no class of diseases known to Medical 8ci
ence of more frequent occurrence or so little cared
for as those peculiar to the female organism. A
slight derangement of health from delicacy or some
other cause is often allowed to continue until the
whole system suffers,and constitutional disturbances
of a grave and serious character are often estab.
lished.
MISHLER'S HERB BITTERS
Is a sovereign remedy for, and preventive of, all 1
such complaints. Bold everywhere. Price, one I>oL
lar per Bottle.
Be Guided by what you know.
There is an old proverb which says, “Experience
s the safest guide.” To this guide the sick and
a ling naturally turn when easting about for the
means of relief They iuquire what a medicine
has done for others, before they adopt it themselves.
Of all the remedies and preventatives in use, Hos
t.etter*s Stomach Bitters meets the test most tri
umphantly and hence its immense popularity and
vastsales. The sufferer from indiges ton is sure to
find some on«- among his friends who has been cur
ed of that ailment by the famous vegetable stom
achic. The victim of fever and ague, liver com
plaint, con tipation, nervous prostration, or gener
al debility, has only to make inquiry in the neigh
borhood where he resides in order to discover what
this standard restorative has affected in rages simi
lar io hie, own. In the published testimony to its
merits he will tind a volume of proofs rf its sanita
ry properties, which it is impossible lor h s common
at use to resist. He trio it. and he elfrct it produc
es on his system adds »n>therto the host oi wit*
uos.-es in its favor. Thus, its reputation rounded on
facts not a*seriions, continually grows and spreads
Charlatans trad imposters, some of them mere local
trieks era. and others who take a somewhat wider
range, attempt to thrust, into the hands and down
*e suosUlutea lor the tonic which for so many years
hR3 bf-en S medicinal staple throughout the United
'Hates. Spanish America, Canada, and the West In
lies, hut only succeeded to a very limited extent.—
In this reasoning age. the people* having ascertain
ed wnat is really deserving of their confidence, de
cline “running after strange gods.”
STATE OF NEW JERSEY^
A PROCLAMATION.
While great trials and affiic.
tions have c<*me to the people
of sister states, we of this
Commonwealtu. not more de
serving of the mercies of'iod
than thev, have, in a peculiar
manner, been the recipients of
His Almighty care and good
ness during the past year.
That we may, as one people, laying aside all diff^r
en-ea of creed «r faith, j >in together in grateful ao
knowledgment to Almighty Go<l for His mercies and
blessings, I, THEODORE F. RAN] Ol 1M,Governor
of the 8*ate ol New -t-rsey. do hereby appoint
Thursday, the 30th day of November,
as a day of
THANKSGIVING and PRAYER.
Recommending its observance as such by all our
people.
Given at the Executive Chamber, in Trentqn
this seventh day of November,in year of our
rL. 8.] Lord one thousand eight hundred and seven
ty one, and of the Independence ol the Uni
ted States of America the ninty-sixth
THEODORES' RANDOLPH.
Attest: Samuel C Brown, Privite Secretary,
nov 17 3t
BRIDGETON PRICES CURRENT.
New Wheat,$1 6Jcts. I Potatoes 40
Horn, 80 Butter, 35
Rye, 90 Eggs, 30
45 Hams, 15
Clover Seed, 7 00 Lard, 12
Herd Seed, go Pork, 7
MAH HI Ki).
On the 15th Inst, at the Central M. E. Parsonage, j
SV?ev;,VToS?l)!1J'V ,1Soe- Mr- JONATHAN II. TRA-
0Y to Miss CARRIE *>j. WEAVER, all ot Bridge
toil, N. «J.
ZZT 5ii55
C-I.n-Ssda^l,llejthe 13th Inst., Mrs. RUTII
KATES, wife of Michael Kates, aged 22 years.
GlF'18 OF HARDWARE —Table Cutlery, with
Ivory, Ivory ide, rubber nd other handles, and
idated binder; Children’s Knives and Forks, Pocket
Knives, fr oisaors in sets, Rnaors, Tiny Poekei Knives,
Scissors, Razors, Hatchet*, Pincers,, etc., for wa»ch j
•harms; Boxes and Chests of Tools, from 81 to
Patent Tool Handles, (20 miniature tool* in them);
Hoys’ Ladies’ and Gents Skates; Clothes Wringers
they’ll save their cost in clothing and time); Carpet 1
Sweepers, Furniture Lifters seiB of Parlor and
Field Croquet, miniature Garden Tools, Carpet
Stretchers, Plated 8poons, Forks and Nut Picks, 1
*ptce and Cake Boxes, Tea Bella and 8pring Call
Kells. Nut Crackers, Tea Tray* and Waiters, Patent
Uh 81Tters. (pay for themselves in coal saved). Or
namental Brackets. Gentleman’* Blacking Bionig,
Boys* Sleds. Apple Parers, and Cherry Stoning Ma*
ihines. Patent Nutmeg Graters, And a general varie
J of useful Housekeeping Hardware, Cutlerv,
fools, Ac For sale by
TRUMAN k SHAW
No.*36 (UigbtTMrtv-five) Marsxt street
kelow Nin t h. Ph»Melph t#.
GREAT INDUCEMENTS
FOR THIRTY DAYS!
GmdG Hatsaud Caps from Fifty Cents to H Five
‘olbir Umver Ladies'Hats and bonnet* Trimmed
r Made to Order. Gent's and L»die-’ Kura in alt
he faahionaSle styles, far below **itv price-. Fur.
tuning Goode and Glove*- for ail Mgeear d both sexe*.
All our Kid Gloves aro warranted.
Come here tor Bargain*. We hav« resolved to re- i
luce stock and
SELL OUT OUI! BUSINESS,
o enable ouo to retire to the peaceful quiet of do*
ntvii,. h and the other to devote move to
he development of the »i**w town ef Bellevue. Thin
,i on.- of the heat chance* ever IT-red in South Jer.
45.V- nod will be sold on ea-> terms. Would not .,b- I
eel to exchange for good country or city property I
n hole or in part. J
RUTH A. KiNLAW GEO. W FJNLAW. i
hoy 24-lf J?9 Commerce Hr., Bridgeton,
Notice to Stockholders.
NOTICF.ii. h.r.b. Kiv.n.thatH 8p»oi»l I
CumliPt land C rnnty Steamboat Com. I
""V will lie held on board in* r>«*am*r ‘City of 1
Kndgeton,” at th« upper wharf in Hndgeton. at II i
clock. A M..» n Wednesday, December 6th, 1871. i
ts business ;>f Importance will be brought before 1
he meeting all Stockholder* it. said f mnany will I
plea*e attend Hr order cf the President.
C. C. GROSSCUP, Treasurer. nor U4*2t
Police to Stockholder"
■\fOriCR is hi-rwl.y yivrn to Stock holder, of tli.
JL^I Bridget on and Port Noiris Rail Roe.H Com
puny ,who have not paid their installment* in full.
that uninaa prompt payment ia made, suit will be I
brought therefor.
B BUSH RATRMAM,
Nov. 21 t-f Treas H. A p. N. R. R. Co. j
LECTURE!
ELDER LINDSEY,
For th* pa.t Hiirte.n vrsr* a Mornt-n KWlwr and
.aaid.nl salt I.»k« City now on visit iu bridij..
ton, will d«li..r. l.cmr* in
GROHSCUP-S tt a t.t. j
ON
MONDAY Evening, November 27th, 1371,
ON THE
Dlannrrn, Cuitomi and prmrnt state of i
Affair* til l:tah} the r'llmate,
ProductIouk, Ac.
Doors open at 7 o'clock, Lecture to commence at i
"•/r A ".malt admission fo* of *20 cents will be
charged to defray expense*' ,Jf 2*-lt
E A. R M
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
The subscriber offer* f«>r sale or ex
change f >r a small far n or house
anu lot m Bridgeton, the farm on
wb.i,;h William Loper resides, in
Stoe Creek town*hip, Cumberland Couipv,
within a short distance of the New Jersey
Southern and Weal Jersey Railroads, haul tarn,
contain*
74 Acres of Xjnnd,
in a good state of cuitiva'ion, with good buildings;
Good Apple and Peach Orchards in bearing. The
land is well adapted fur grain, gra-v or truck.* Thi*
farm ia handy to churches, ‘■ohoola and stores, and
will increase in value It will be sold Hf a bargain
without much money, or exchanged for a houjea-d
lot in Bridgeton. The property will i>o ahowa bv
Wm. Loper, residing on ti e premises, or by apr.lv
mg to E. Leper, any Saturdav, at Wocdstown,Salem
County. N. J n>v 24 if
A GREAT OFFER J
Only 8-i for $11 in Value!
vi, lur «io iu vaiue.
Or, for 85, S*26 in Value
The beautiful and uriir-tic Chromo. “Isn't Shf.
Pretty?” highly finished, mounted, and '**rni*h<‘d.
Sine, 13x17 (after Lillie M. Spencer, retail price. $fi,
sent by mail, securely done up. post-free, as a pto
rniur* to every $3 yearly subscriber to PHYio.
REST’S MONTHLY, acknowledged the moat beau
tiful and useful Parlor Magazine n America. Isn’t
She Pretit?” it» a beautiful Chromo and splendid
Parlor Picture, and a valtiab'e work of art, Worth
More than Double thf cost of Subscription, and. to
gether with DEMUREST’S MONTHLY, affords an
opportunity for the investment t such as m*v
never occur again, or, in place of “Isn’t She Pretty?
forone dollar additional. Htawata’b Wooj.va. (after
Jerome Thompson), size 15x23, price $13. will be
sent post-free; or both Chromo* and D*mnres»’s
Mon hlv for one year. for$>. Hiawatha’s Wooing
is an equally splendid work of art. a large and
beautiful Chromo worth four times the price charg
ed Husbands. Fathers. Brothers. Lovers, do nor
fail to subsetibe tor DFM*‘REST’S MONTHLY.and
present it with a beautiful Chromo. It will make
ev>« sparkle with delight and satisfaction, and
prove a monthly reni nder of your good ta*te an d
kind feeiing. Address W. Jennings Demurest S'.s
Broadway, New York. Copies of the latest numbers
of the Magazine 1‘3 cents each, post-free.
Nov. 24
PUB UCSALK
OF
REAL ESTATE.
Will be .old at Public Sale, at C. 0. Davis A Son’s
Hotel, Bridgeton, N. .1.,
On Seventh-day, the 23d of 12th Mo. (Dec.),
At 2 o'clock, p. M. Sc. 1 is a
vA3jUable faxiiwe,
situate in Gtceuwieh 'ovrnship, Cnmheriand Countv.
on the public mad leading in Statham's .Veit, aboiit
three miles from Greenwch, containing one hun.
dred acres, nearly all of which is in a good state ot
enitiveiion, suitable for graiu or grass. The im
provements are a
TWO AND A HALF STORY HOUSE,
lately been repaired with slate roof, containing eight
room* aDd back shed, with pump in a well of excel
lent wtter; crib house, nearly new, with elate roof
and wing attached; three barns, one nearly new,
with elate roof, the other two *n good lepair; also a
tenant house in one corner of the farm; app*e or
chard with selected fruit. The above farm is well
drained with tile and manured for the last few years:
i* within one mile ot a good school, one and a quar
ter mile* from the Vineland Railway, which run*
direct to New York city, and three from Greenwich,
where a steamer leaves tw<ce a week tor Philadel
phia.
No. 2 i* a lot adjoining No. 1, containing one acre,
with a one and a half story house, with four room*,
end awed of good water in the rear.
Persons wishing 10 see the abov property can do
so by calling on Richard Terry residing on No. 1,
Mark Hartner, Greenwich,or the subscriber. Bridge
ton. N J. Terms will be made easy, as bin a small
portion of the purchase money will bj anted. Con
dition* made know non day of sain by
uov *24Is MORRIS GOODWIN, Jr Trustee
Grand Combination.
Telegraph 4?Mice,Telegraph
C'igai* Store, and Mird
and Cage Em
porium,
Commeroe 8t., three doors above Pearl,
BRIDGETON, N. .T.
A FINE I,JT OF
German Canary Birds
BIRD CAGES
Of Every Description, Seed, &o., &c.
A.
FINE SINGING CANARY BIRDS
MAKES THE
BEST KTND OF HOLIDAY <i I FT.
Young Men Remember the Ladies when Christmas
corner.
Special Notice to Smokers!
Come and Try My Fine Imported and
Domestic Cigars,
A Chotee Imported Cigar for 10, 15 IS. 20 and 21
rents, which I giureutse to he s Clear Havana Cigar
[imported.)
My FIVE CENT YARA and nil DOMESTIC CI
GARS, SMOKING TOBACCO, PiPK.S. Ac.. I need
bula.kyou to try them and you will he convinced
they are the best in the city.
A FINE SELECTION OF
Real Meerschaum Pipes and
Tubes
Which arc Warranted, and for pale cheap. BRIAR
^IPF.-t. FINE GUI CHEWING, and ail kinds of
SHEWING and 8M0K1NW TOBACCO, constantly on
sand. f
WANTED
)00 Male Red Birds, nud Orey Squirre]s'
R. I). BORDEN.
Operator and Proprietor,
1 elegrsph Office, Cornme roe rtt., 3 doora above Pear!,
nov *4-5t
FARM FOR SALE,
Near Cape May City, N. J.
A valuable farm, containing one hundred and fifty
six acres, pleasantly situated
in Cape May County,four mile*
from Cape Island, is offered atjfffl
Private Sale. It has sixty-fivel****
acres of tilable land, fifty 3cres|J||*
wood and bushlann.nnd twen.
y acres of marsh, the remainder outside pasture
and. It has also land suitable for raising cranber
iee. and some already under cultivation. Also an
ippie and peach orchard. The dwelling nouse is
rood, and outbuildings fair For further particulars
ipplv to C 8. MAGRATH, editor of “Ocean Wave,”
?ape May City, N. J. nov 17-ttU
Notice of Assignment
Notice is hereby given, that George W. Hummel),
the township of 8toe Creek, Cumberland county j
»ath this day made an assignment to the subscriber
>t hie estate for the e<jnal oenefit of his creditors, j
ind that aai<l tired• toy* must exhibit their rfapec- i
ive claims, under catb or affirmation, wit bln tie
ertn of three uivgth*, LEWIS p. HOFF.
Bhiloh, Cumberland Cc, N. T, .Nov.fi-U j
LUCY STONE
W.l! speak at lb*
Woman Suffrage Convention!
To lie h*l i !u
aROSSOUP’S HALL
At BRIDGETON, on
Fne-day, November 28, ’71,
Kx ‘2 and 7 oVI.>«?k, P. M. A Maas WomanPiiiTruira
convention will be held at the above time and plate,
J rider the acaoicea of the New Jersey State Woman
biffrsge A-Kociatiori. Mr* Lucy stone will putdtivc-.
y bo present and speak both'after noon and e-rening,
HENRY B. BLACKWELL,
MARGARET W. CAMPBELL,
IIou C. HENRY SHEPPARD,
Miss ESTELLE THOMSON,
and Rev. OSCAR CLCTE,
.,,,4
Will also ad Ire** the meeting, and the a«*:*tat»'*e of
oti»er apeekera in expected.
ALL ABE INVITED.
Admi-eion to afternoon aesaio:-. eveningat*
Sion. 25 cents.
W 2t OSCAR CLUCK, Chairman Ex. Com.
PLAIN and FANCY
CAKE BAKERY,
BRIDGETON,
ConsmerceSt,below Laurel.
Mrs. H. ATKINSON
Having Cecil red the nervic-s of one of the Him
IjMki-ra of Hhilad, Iphis, i, prepared to fiirniih all
who wieh with the rineat CAKr. *1 WHOLESALE
•tud RETAIL.
Fairs, Festivals, Wedding Parties, !cc„ Supplied
with Cake, Ice Cream and Confection
ery upon Short Notice.
A Great Variety always on hand, Fresh
Every Day.
CAKES NEATLY ORNAMENTED.
Please cal! ami etaanne our alack. We guarantee
satisfaction nhv. 3 tr
JONTES’
PURE HERB MEDICINES!
BUIUtiETON, N. J.
This valuable di-«-overy is good for Consumption,
Hear* Di-ease. Pa»u in »he Breast, Spitting of Blood
Lfver Compiaint, Cough*. Colds. Blood Pur.her,
Dyspep*i*. I.'-.-a of hi petite, aod for Htrengthmg
any Debilitated Constitution:
t he following te-ti-nomal- are selected from many
other- which might be giv*D: The medicine recom
mend* itBeif wherever it i* introduced.
Plkavant Mill*. 8epf. 15, 1871
Mr. Jore*—Dear Sir:— 1 have been bleeding at the
.ting- ‘or-otne time, beside- having a ba i cough. 1
wa- told to get Jon*-’ H»*rb -Medicine and trv that.
By so doing 1 have found greul relief; my cough i»
netting better fast, and I have not had any more
>uina of spitting blood. 1 am still taking n accord
ing to pour directions, livirg in hope* that it will
cure me Yours, truiv
Mr*. ANDREW HAWKIN'3,
Pleaaant Mil!*; Adamic Co N. J.
By using your Pure Herb Medicine I have found
J'' BUU I CUUIII III t*UU
it to atl dyspeptic people.
Jacob Watswrioht, Sa’etn.
This certifies that I am lining Jones’ Pure Herb
Me t.eioe and l bottle has gretalv improved my con
dition, as I have not spit blood since i have taken
j it, I think by the use of one or two more fcot<les it
I will effect b permanent cure; I recommend it to
I all.
Fxwbll Colift, Salem N\ J.
By using Jones’ Pure Herb Medicine, my wife and
I were permanently cured of-ev^re colds of which
I we were afflicted soma time, and would rccerameod
I ;t to all w ho are »ul ject to heavy colds
Mr. N. UfXDEBSO.N,
Mrs. M. H kkdxksoj*,
Millville, N. J.
Dyspeptics fake notice, also take Jones Bitters and
you will never regret the same, they cured me in
-horl order and elegant style.
Robxrt Dap.*
One bottle of .Tonfs’ Pure Herb Medicine has im
mediaielv tuied my wifecf dv^pppsU.
John McPheipon.
Water, Cold and Sparkling.
THE TUBE WELL
IS THE
BEST l\ THE WORLD.
I am now inserting the Tube Well with
F. MaoIl’s Filter.
The Beat and Only reliable kind in this part of the
country.
WARRANTED TO GIVE SATISFACTION.
Price, $1.50 per foot, Fuinp extra.
Addres*
EDW. K. BRICK, Vineland, N. J.
nov 17 tim
Or. Thomas Mnrdtvanf,
'M Millville, New Jersey, permsnenty cures Asthma*
bronchitis, Incxpiant Consumption, .Shortness o*
Breath. Loss of Voice. Catarrh o! all kinds and all
diseases of the Throat and Lungs, Poisonous Dis*
eases ot the Blood, Urinary Diseases, Kidney and
Skin Diseases. Ringing :a the Kars, Dyspepsia,Drop
sy. Piles, Rheumatism, hcrofala, Nervous Debility,
producing great weakness 01 both body and mind,
and Diseases of the Eye and Ear, Ac.
Person* suffering with any diseases not mentioned
in this card must remember
Dr. T. STURDIVANT
Treat* all diseases, and wil; visit the sick day and
night. His office hours are from 7 to t» mornings, 3
te 4 afternoons. 7 toy evenings
“WiDEAWiKE^Sr"
pair of wuiierh French Oil C.iromn*—subjects LIFE
"MZE.—exquisite facsimiles of original Oil Painting*,.
GIVEN AWAY to every subscriber to
lleni-y VI ard Beecher’s
GREAT literary, religious, weekly
NEWSPAPER. Agents having great success! one
took 1,100 names m 3 months; another 672 in 3^
days; anoiher 118 in one week; one 47 in one day,
and maoy others equally well, making from *5 and
&I0 to *40 per day. fakes on sight! An old agent
who knows, aays: “I think it the best busmens for
canvasser* ever offered. Sorry I did not engage
sooner.’’ Pays better than any book sgency. A rare
chance to make money.
LOCAL. AGENTS WANTED.
I Intelligent men and women wanted every wheje. If
you wish good territory, send early for creular and
I terms. J. H FORD A CO, .7 Park Plat*. N, y.: u
1 bromrield St, Boston; 2S5 Wed Madison St.. Cni
CHgo.
AGENTS WANTED FOR
THE YEAR OF BATTLES.
The history of the War between France and Ger
many, embracing also Paris under th»* Commun**
150 illustra'ions; 042 pages price,$2 5); fOtO copies
already sold. 1 he nn'y complete work Nothing
equals it ro sell. Miking 10 000 copies per month
n« w. In Fngli-h and German Terms unequalled.
Ou fit *1.25. Address H. 8. GOOD^PEF.D A CO 37
Park How, New York.
11/nnrVQ HOtVicHOLb MAGAZINE*is
VWUUU v ottered tree during tin corning year
to e*ury subscriber o- Merry’s Museum, the Toledo
Bladp, Pomeroy's Democrat, ete., which is aa evi
dence ot its worth and popularity. Horace Greeley,
•latr.es Parmp, Theodore Tilton. Gut ham.bon, etc.,
write for every number. In el »nbing. it ffers three
first-class periodicals tor the price of one of them.
A variety of pr-minm* on equally liberal terms. It
is an original, first.class m ignz ne. Volume X be
g:us with Jan., 1672. Throe epeciinen oop'e* free.
Address S. S. WOOD, Newburgh, N. Y.
EVERY FARMER
Is invited to s*nd his address and receive Free
and Postage Paid a copy of the
American Farm Journal,
The mo.t Practical, the Best am. Cheap..! lllusira
led AunnnUural paper in the United SUt.i Unlr
75 cents per year, ft n 1 for a eperimen copy
Address MILLER, LOCKK Ct
Toleeo, Ohio.
Solicited by MUNN A CO.,
PuhlishersBcieniificAm ricaa
j 37 Park Row, N. I. 25
years’ experience.
Pamphlets containing Patent Laws, with full direo.
tions how to obtain Patents, free.
A bound volume of IIS pages, containing th*» New
Census by counties and all l»rg« cities, MO Engra
vings of Mechanical Movements, Patent Laws sad
rules tor obtaining Patents, mailed on receipt of 26
cents.
CONGRESS ARCTICV
The BEST winter OVERSHOE t
NO BUCKLES to break!
t NO TROUBLE to pnt on t
Neat, Genteel, Stylish!
ASK T0UBSH0E DEALER FOB IT!
AGENTS Wnoted.—Agents make mere mo
ney at work torus than at anything else—
Lu.-ineas light and permanent. Particulars fr*-* Q
Stixrox Co Fine Art. Publishers, Portlahd. Maine.
STA MMERING cured by Dr*. White oatm*u
402 4ih At* nue, corner of 28th *t., New York.—
No pay*until cured. Send for circulars.
£/OF* A MONTH I Horse furnished. Ex
pen-es paid. Ii. B. 3HAW, Alfred, Mes,
AVOID QUACKS.—a victim of early indig.
cretion. causing nervous debility, premature
decay, Ac., having iried in vain every advertise^
remedy, has discovered a simple means of self,
cure, which he will send to his fellow-sufferers Adi
dress J. II. Reeves, 78 Nassau Street, N. Y.
Nov. 10 4 t
DISSOLUTION OF CO-PARTNERSHIP
THE partnership heretofore existing under the
firm name of 8ithens A Moore, in thus city, is
•itiM day dissolved by mutual cooseDt. All persona
indebted t^-Uvoabove firm *re requested to call on
David -Sitbens and eettle.
DAVID SfTHENS.
CHARLE8 B. MOORE.
The business will ta con** need at the old etard by
David Bit hens. ‘ati 1$ u
Janu-\ty 2d. 15sTl