TIE STRUGGLE FOR REFORM.
A]


hecanse tf this Iaw ha unconstitutional you cannot bring
Try AST RING INTRIGUE.
dale AAR LAE Ll PAE B20 ae
MOT TO ©XP'EL GREEN AND CONNOLLY FROM
TE CONTROLLER'S OFFICE THE RING
ANXIOUS ABOUT THE EVIDENCE: OF FORGERY
CONTAINED THEREIN.
Hearing a rumor that a plot was on foot to
oust the present Deputy Controller, as well as Mr. Cone
nolly, a Tripv se reporter called on Mr. 8, J. Tilden last
evemng to obtain his views on the subj. ct. Mr. Tiiden was
occupied with very important matters, but said that
if the reporter would ask him any questions
dircotly to the point, he would be pleased to
anawer them. The following colloquy then ensued
Reporte: —What do you know, Mr. Tilden, if anything,
in relation to an intrigue said to be on foot to remove
Mr. Connolly t
Mr. Tilden ~There i8 such an intrigue, and the object of
it is to get rid of Mr. Green as Deputy Controller. Itis
concocted by men who know the real authors of the
erimes which they, charge upon Mr. Connolly,
aud who wish to divert public attention from the real
anthors and cast blame on Mr. Connolly. Mr.
Kevser stotes that nearly $1,000,000 in warrants
wade out to him are forgeries as to his in
dorsement. Now, the receipt of the money upon
those vouchers is traceable, not to Mr. Connolly, but to
the wen who «ro conspiring to attack him through the
press, to intimidate him and force Lim to resign, that
they may put a too! of their own in charge of the finan
ves of this city,
Reporter How long has thi2 intrigue been on foot 1
Mr. Till u—1t isa rencwal of the effort made to erugh
Mr. Connolly by the robbery and burning of the
vorehers  vii*h took place some time since.
It differs only in this, that at that time, the
public kad rot the interest which they now have in
Loopir an honest man ike Mr. Green in possession of
the office where ha now has full and complete
charge. The moment it became public that Mr.
Keyser had stated taat these were forgeries of his name
on ihe hoch of a larze amonnt of warrants, an attempt
vaio torenew the attack on Mr. Connolly.
Reo —For what reason, Mr. Tilden? For the pur
pose of woting Mr. Green out of the office of Deputy
Controller, and of screening the guilty parties to whom,
when 4 comme investigation is made, beyond all doubt
the receipt of the money taken from the Treasury upon
these forred warrante will be traced.
RK porter Do you now the names of the partics who
comiticd these forgeries?
Mr. Tiden—1I think I know who received the money,
but 1 do not think the ends of public justice will be
served 1y discussing that point now.
Reporter-—The forged vouchers of which you have
gpoken ave «imply the Keyser vouchers, and none othor{
Mr. Tiller —T1 alluded to them only.
Reporter What names were upon there vouchers t
Mr. Tilden-——Mr, Keyeer says his name is forzed.
Leport 1 —Has any other name been forged upon these
vouchera but hist
Mr. Tilden—Not that T am aware of.
Here the conversation ended, Mr. Tilden excusing him
gelf from further questioning on the plea of important
CRNLaLeents,
a lI—
IIAS THE PLAINTIFF ANY STANDING IN COURT
—ARGUMENTS BY EX-JUDGE FULLERTON AND
GEN. BARLOW.
The case of Wm. F. Havemeyer agt. J. H.
Incersoll cuiue up again yesterday before Judge In
graham in the Supreme Court Chambers, on the motion
to show cause why the order requiring defendant to ap
pear and be examined should not be discharged. A
long argnment ensued upon the capacity of the plaintiff
to maintain this action, the defendant claiming first,
that the plaintiff has no status in court; second, if he
bas, it 18 not sufficiently shown; and, third, his papers
are not suflicient to bring defendant into court and be
examined, even if his right to bring the action be ad
mitted. The case was finally adjourned till to-day at 11
o'clock, when it is expected the argument will be con
cluded. Yesterday's proceedings were as follows:
Ex-Judge Fullerton—If your Honor pleases, in order
that we may be entirely regular upon this motion to
vacate this order pe Mr. Ingersoll to appear and
be examined, und make discovery, we desire to have an
order to show cause to that effect, and I hand to your
Honor the papers.
Jiidge Ingraham—I declined once to give you that
order.
Ex-Judge Fullerton—It is made returnable imme
diately, so that there will be no delay.
Judge Ingraham—1I told you before that I would hear
objections to this examination by way of answer, and
that is the proper practice. An order to show cause is
UnNecessury.
Ex-Judge Fullerton—I don’t see that itembarrasses the
proceeding in any way, but rather facilitates it. We
want an opportunity to appeal, and perhaps the other
side do also.
Judge Ingraham—If you want to put it in that form
for ng purpose of appeal, you may consider the order
mundae.
Ex-Judge Fullerton—That ie matisfactory. We then
bring on this wotion to show cause why the order re
quiring Ingersoll to come forward and make discovery
should pot be discharged.
Mr. Barlow then read the affidavit of George C.
Barrett, which 18 as follows:
EX-JUDGE BARRKTT'S AFFIDAVIT.
Nau.jonz SrpreNE COTRT.— Wm. F. Havemeyer, a citizen, de,
agt James H. Ingersoll and others. City and County of New-York, ss.:
aeorge C. Barrett, one of the pleibtithy counsel berein, being duly sworn,
bo hy by apter 150 of the Laws of 1870 the Supervisors of this
county, of which Joseph B. Young who makes an affidavit herein is Clerk,
are composed of the Aldermen of the city, with the addition of the Mayor
aud Recorder. By the thind section of said aet the Mayor is the pre
siding officer of said Board, and by the second section thereof
be has a vote upon the Joma of any resviation
ordinance or rot. This act wit wed pril 12. 1870, and the publica.
tion of the accounts in the public journals of this oty, showing the
amount paid out by the County of New-York for sapplice farmished to
aud work dove upon the armories and New County Court-House. took
place in the worth of July. 1871. as deponent is informed and believes.
(‘he warrante ‘or such pavivents are signed by the Controller, counter
ayyed by the Mayor, snd also by Joseph B. Young, Clerk of said Board
of Supervisors, as Sxpruly Jrovided by Bection 6 of said act.
By section 4 of chapter 382 of the Jaws of 1870. it was expressly pro
vided that all lish ties ageiost tbe County of New-York incurred pre
vious to the passage of that act should be audited by the Mayor, Ro
troller, aud hs President of the Board of Supervisors, who was Willian
M. Tweed now President of the Department of Public Works, and that
sneh elalns should he paid upon the certificate of such tiree officials.
It was under this suthority that a pert of the large sums were
peid to the cCefendant, Ingersoli, “which the plaintif herein
claims to have been frandulently gg That although such pub
).cation of such alleged frauds too Je July of the present
car, yet deporent has not beard of anyt ing whatever Prous)
hor) dove by the City or County or any of ite oficial departments,
servants or agents, to recover back the enormous suins thus alleged to
Lave been mir ryrel rieted, or to bring the alleged offenders to justice,
nor even to ine tigate such matters, except that in the early part of
Reptember, 1871, as deponent best recollects the date, a committee of 15
citigens was appointed to aet jointly with a committee of saia Sopervigors
for the purpose of such investigation. That when said committee bad
gone throuvh a part of the forwal investigation of hooks, and desired to
commence the real inrestivation of the frauds, for which it was pretended
that they weic brought togetter, to wit: the examination of witnesses
they applied to sad Supervisors, as deponent is informed
35 believes, and as appears in the public journals
ws a part of the proceedings of sad Board of
Rapervisors. for permission or power to CIAMIDE witness throngh such
Committee of sui’ Supervisors; suck application, as deponent is similarly
advised. was viclently opposed. and a long and po paper read by
ove of said Fupervisors, and the whole matter was then referred to a
Hub-Comuitte, which bas not since reported, and said Citizens’ Com
mittee Lave tot to this day received permission or power to so examine
witpess, apd such power has thus practically been refused to them. at
least for the present. Gro. C. BARKETT.
Sworn to Lefore we, 10th day of Oct. 1871, Thos. J. M. Canivri, Com
wissiover of Deeds.
EX-JUDGE FULLERTON'S ARGUMENT.
I suppose that the numerous and learned counsel on the
other side do not pretend that their client has any stand
ne In this court by virtue of the act of 1864, to which I
shall in the first instance refer, and claim that it is un
constitutional and void, and therefore gives no right to
the plaintiff to prosecute this action. If this proposition
be maintained, as a matter of course it ie the end of this
Jroceading, because whatever frauds may have been
committed on the City and County of New-York, I sup
pose the learned gentlemen are 10 peek redress b JEopey
means, and by laws that are constitutional and b nding
on every citizen. I call your Hobor’s attention to the
third section of chap. 405, Laws of 1884, to be found on
page M45. I uced Ko uo further than to read the title to
the act to prove the Droposiion that the nature of the
third section is not contained iu that title and for that
reason we Lold that it is an iufraction of the Recwision
10 which I call attention; in section 16 of article 8, that
po private or local bill passed by the Legislature shall
embrace more than oue subject, and that sball be ein
Yraced in the title,” Now, the subject here is not €w
braced in the title, nor ix it referred to in any way.
Judge Ingrabuin—The power of the plaintiff to bring
this action was discussed, I think, in the Foley Injunc
Lion case.
Gen, Barlow—Yes, Rir, it was decided after solemn ar
Fupest that the plajutiff had the right.
x-Judge Barrett—Mr. O'Gorman, who was on the
other aide ip that caso, argued that very question with
great force and ability, an Judge Barnard so decided.
Mr. Root—Judge Barnard refrained from passing upon
the question, because he was unwilling to hold the act
uuconstitntional whos a motion of that kind.
Bz-Judge Fulle is question, Bir, has been dis
powed of iu this very Court.
ExJudge LL #ir, in our favor,
Ex-Judge We think not. Now, the Court
may recollect the case of Christopher Pullman, who com
guenced an action against the City of New-York for the
urpose of restraining the execution of a lease one
§erhando Wood of premises in Nassau-st. ln that case
u Sutherland, after a solemn argument, gave an
Sidon sustaintug the views we advocate here. (The
«counsel here read from Judge Sutherland’s opinion in
@upgors of Dis argument, aud said] We hold that this
1s authority here.
Br-Judge t—That qupstion was fully argued
oth as to whether the act bad not been reénacted in
Joie: form, and 68 to whether J udge Rufyriand bad
overlooked the decisious of the Court of Appeals,
ExJ Fullerton—My friend is taining now de hors
She re: there is nothing to show for it but the breath
A
3 Saude Barrett—That is the case with the gentleman
Ex-Juage Fullerton—The gentleman is mistaken. The
fyivy rom which I A 1s signed by tue County
Mr. Btoughton—We will hear yon in rezard to this.
DE a guestion must be uct Low,
THE INCFRSOLI SUIT.
rain whether ha decided the question or not 2% 0° by
tie other case, Tsball not attempt to ovorrule Ls do
cision here,
this detordant ints Court.
Baraard
M1. Stonchton—Yonr Honor would not atéempt to pro
cond, whore there was a direct contradiction in the do
cisions of two Judons of this Court, to say that either
une was right. We suppose that your Houor will go on
and hear it in that ease yoursotl.
Jitze Ingrahuin—I shall consult Judge Barnard, as I
sand.
A QUESTION OF CONRTITUTIONALITY
Le-dulee Fallorton—As was about to observe, this
View of the case does nos stand alone upon the decision 1
have just read. Your Honor will regolleot the case in
which Baldwin and Cox wero concerned. The Controller
was authorized by tho statute to institute proceedings to
set aside fraudulent judgments obtained against the
or dion yn the or noriy conferred by statute, ho
mide a motion to sct malde the judgment in that case,
and we mado the objection tat, in the act of 1863, there
wis inserted a provision to tho effect that the Counscl to
the Corporation should zlone nd for and represent
the Corporation. The Ger Term held that that law
was unconstitutional! an: 0 ourt of Sppeaie affirmed
that decision. And this 1» 00 exactly in Fat, There
ono distinction, however, to ween the action they seek
to maintain here and the case of Foley referred to.
The obfcet of the bill in this case is not,
as it was in that, to provent waste, but
to recover baek money which, it is alleged, the city has
been defrauded of, Now, nccording to the terms vo] the
act of 1864, if it be constitutional, the plaintift has the
right to bring his action to prevont waate, but that 18 not
this case, So that, oven if this act be regarded as having
any binding force, they still do not maintain their posi
tion in this tribunal. This order ia an attempt to ot) the
advantage of the remedies provided by sections 359, 390,
and 391 of the code in one Ne Section 388 of the
code says, “The examination of defendant may be had
at any time before trial, ete., but the party to he ex
amined shall not bo compelled to attend in any other
county than that in which he j resides.”  Beo
tion 300 says, “a party may be examined, sub
ject to the same rule of examination as
any witness who testifies.” Now neither section
391 nor the two preceding sections havo any reference to
a proceeding for the discovery of books, papers, or doen
ments. There is a separate, independent regulation con
cerning that, which says that the Court may order the
party to permit plaintiff to take a copy of any hooks,
papers, or documents relating to the merits of the ac
tion. Now, rules have been adopted by the Judges of
this court to effectuate the remedies provided for by
these sections, which state that the application for an
examination shall be upon aflidavit disclosing the nature
of the discoveries sought.
Judge Ingraham—I think the judges understood what
they were doing when they made these rules.
Mr. Stoughton—We intend to put it to your Honor
whether the rules can overrule the decision of the General
Term.
Ex-Judge Fullerton The words added to the rules,
«and that there are entries in the books and papers of
which he seeks a discovery,” are significant. Now, the
gentlemen on the other side do not present aflidavits to
meet the exigencies of Rules 18 and 19, disclosing the
facts and circumstances which they are bound to discloge
in order to get a discovery; but they seck to compel this
defendant to bring his books and papers into Court with
out them, thereby avoiding the rules of the Court re
ferred to. 80 far as this is to be regarded a8 an examina
tion betore trial, it is met by the objection that they can
vot do so betore issue 18 joined. The decision in the case
of Bell agt. Richmond, 50 Barbour, 571, mects this point
squarely and fairly, and disposes of it.
WHAT A CESTUI QUE TRUST CAN DO.
The speaker read from the affidavit of Mr. Havemeyer
to show that nothing was asserted in it except upou in
formation and belief. Your Honor, he continued, {3 not
juformed that the facts are going to establish such be
lief, und are not informed that there are any facts. In
other words, the affidavit does not meet a single one of
the requirements of that rule. It is not pretended to be
under it. They sock to evade it, and I trust your Honor
will not countenance an jiseinpt to accomplish their
purpose by such means. Your Honor will perceive that
secon 988 of the Code is the only one which
provides that anything may be done to enable
a party to frame his cemplaint, and, there
fore, if they seck anything for that purpose, they
must pursue the remedy under that section, and under
that section alone. Now, we will suppose again, for the
sake of argument, that the statute of 1864 is coustitu
tional, and that that section is to be enforced then how
do the parties stand A eestui que trust can file a bill
over the shoulders of a trustee only in certain instanees, 4
First, where a trustee is in complicity with the person
who is charged with the fraud. Second, where
the trustee as neglected to bring an action
for the purpose of presorving the trust
property after the facts have come to his knowledge.
And third, where he refuses to bring an action, having
been requested to do so, and having the facts and cir
cumstances within his knowledge upon which an action
may be brought. The case of Bate agt. Gray, 11th New
York Reports, was cited in support of this proposition,
the authorities therefore are and have stated them, that
the eestui que trust cannot flle a bill in place of the trus
tee unless the trustee is in some way derelict in his duty.
The question is here Jrestn ed then in what respect the
trustee in this case, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Conmon
alty, or the Board of upervisors have been derelict in
duty, and what evidence has your Honor of that fact!
I will refer to the only clause in the afidavit on that
suljeet,
r. Fullerton read from Mr. Havemeyor's affidavit
the allegation upon information and belief that the
Mayor and Aldermen and Board of Sapery wors had will
fully and collusively omitted and neglected to take any
steps to recover back the money alleged to have been
fraudulently paid to Ingeraell, aud coutinued: The
question is preeented to this Court in this controversy
whether any steps will be taken to further this proceed
ing on the ground that the Board of Supervisors and the
Mayor snd Aldermen have willfully aud collusively
omitted to take Slepe to recover back the Jolie}
sald to be taken by Ingersoll. Upon what would such
an adjudication take place Mr. Huveweyeris avery good
citizen, but his judginent is not to be substituted for the
Jidnuent of the Court. If be has information leading
im to believe that they have neglected their duty, that
18 not sufficient. Your Houor must determine that ques
tion—the facts must be laid before you, and you must
pass upon them judiclaliy: and be forced to the conelu
sion that they have will hy neglected and omitied to
discharge their duty If it 18 to go forth from thus tri
bunal that such a thing is found, and that judicial action
is predicated upon it, it must be based entirely ng the
information and belief of Mr. Havemeyer, and what
that information was, or upon what that belief was
founded the world is not informed. The trustee must be
not only derelict, but must have willfully and
collusively Toglected to take any steps to perform
that duty; and before this tribunal hall proclaim to the
world that the gentlemen holding these positions of Su
pervisors, and Aldermen, and Assistant Aldermen of the
City and County of New-York have been guilty of such a
charge, there ought to be some fact before the Court to
warrant such a conclusion, The tie has not come
when we try cases upou ruwor and public accusation.
The tiwe has not come when we can compel men to
come into Court and testify in reference to his private
"accounts upon the strength of what is fouud iu the col
umns of a lying and licentious newspaper.
RUSHING IN WHERE O’GORMAN FEARS TO TREAD.
Mr. Havemeyer could have stated in what respect the
Aldermen and the Board of Supervisors have been dere
lict and failed in their duty. He was not unaided by
counsel, and had 69 associated with him, all auxious to
punish Individuals who had perpetrated a fraud. He had
access to the Controller's books, had the aid of the new
and zealous Deputy Controller, and had everything at
his hand to enable him to find out in what respect they
had failed in their duty. And if he has found anything
to warrant judicial action, then why not state it? 1 think
we may draw the inference, in the absence of any
circurnstance or fact, to warrant such con
clusion, that no euch fact or circumstance ex
isted, or our friends on the other side would
have seized on it and placed it in that affidavit as the
foundation of the order, instead of mere rumor as false
as that place not mentioned in polite society except by
clergymen. I stand here to protest against the Deaton
that a man may be compelled to come into court to give
testimony in a case like this Cy the information and
belief of one who withholds that information from your
Honor. The time bas not arrived when such things can
be done. My learned friends, they are a quintuple, I
beheve, who have laid aside, as 1 eal all other
PLoletsivng) business in order to hunt down men who
ave perpetrated frauds upon the City Treasury, and I
hope they will meet with fool success, had access to the
Controller's books and to files of the newspapers, and
had the aid of the Committee of Beventy and another
committee of lesser numbers, and after investigation
trow July last down to October, 1871, what facts are they
eee oft Why, they are constrained to come into
court with an affidavit, claiming that during all this lapse
of time they have falled to collect facts enough to form a
SOITIALEY n this action, and they cannot proceed for
want of information. Have ney been Sevelict in
their duty?! I take it not. et with all this
ignorance, they turn upon the corporation and
say ‘you have mot done your duty,” and accuse
it of dereliction of 3 duty for not doing every
bv ESE ow ly 9 ~antta WNoamwe wrrivier $22 AAA ams rr aan
FNP ATACRAIG SET SR WER WIDE TRL AC NIG ICC a a oar wey eT.
as that place not mentioned in polite society except by
clergymen. I stand here to protest against the Doria
that a man may be compelled to come into court to give
testimony in a case like giles upel the information and
belief of one who withholds that information from your
Honor. The time bas not arrived when such things can
be done. My learned friends, they are a quistiple, 1
beheve, who have laid aside, as I understand, all other
Jroetsivna) business in order to hunt down men who
ave perpetrated frauds upon the City Treasury, and I
hope they will meet with fool success, had access to the
Controller's books and to files of the newspapers, and
had the aid of the Committee of Beventy antes
committee of lesser numbers, and after investigation
trow July last down to October, 1871, what facts are they
don oft Why, they are coustrained to come into
court with an affidavit, claiming that during all this lapse
of time they have failed to collect facts enough to form a
SOITIALEY n this action, and they cannot occed for
want of information. Have ney been relict in
their duty?! I take it not. et with all this
ignorance, they turn upon the corporation and
say ‘you have mot done your duty,” and accuse
it of dereliction of duty for not Sotng every
thing which they have been trying to do, and have not
done, because they have not the information necessary
to accomplish tbe end. 1 say it 18 unjustifiable, and
cannot be maintained. We have evidence in this case
that the corporation of New-York are now engaged, and
have been for a long time engaged, in getting at the
facts necessary for a prosecution of the same char
gelves within section 391 of the Code. We first state the
nature of our cause of action; i. e., to recover money
acter. We have the affidavit of the Corporation
Counsel that he has consulted counsel and investigated
and done what our friends ou the other side have done,
with the only difference that they have cowminenced be
fore they are ready, while he don’t RIopose to commence
until he ie ready. to paraphrase what our friends have
often quoted, “they rush in where O'Gorman fears to
tread.” If Mr. Havemeoyer had scen fit to put in his
affidavit the facts and circumstances, if any exist, war
ranting him in making this charge hiulust the Corpora
tion of New-York aud the Board of Supervisors, Jour
Honor might have determined that it was insufficient,
and I protest agains} the substitution ot Mr, Havemeyer's
Jjudgwent for the judgment of the Court.
stolen from the city by Ingersoll, then we disclose the
nature of the ohject sought. Then the Court will see
complaint, and we sweur in our affidavit that it is wate
rial. That is all that is required in this rule.
not entitled to information for the sake of bringing in
other parties, because, a8 he says, it would be another
action, and all the discovery we are entitled to is in this
might adopt the suggestion of my friend, He sald we
bad not put into it our summons. Now, if that is neces
sary, your Honor can do it on the spot. Theu my friend
says the allegations of this affidavit are on tion
and belief. He contradicts himself. He first sald we
didn’t know enough; he now complains that we know
Mr. Stoughton cited, 1, Walworth, 417, and, 8,
Wallace, 73, 1n support of the points made, and claimed
that there was no case to be found where a cestui que
trust can sue, except for the purpose of enforcing a pre
ventive remedy.
too much to entitle us to relief.
8ald your information was fsuclent to get a standing
in Court, but if you had a standiog in Court your
mation was 8 fent to form a complaint.
Ex-Jadge Barrett—1I Ssa there is Do case where the
trustee himself paid out the wouey, aud where the trus
tee cannot be removed by law.
lerton’s speech, but was interrupted by the latter, who
Ex-Judye Fullerton—We have no guessing as to our
cases, and they do mot exist in parole, like Judge Bar
nard’s, either.” And if Judge Barnard’s decision Js cor
newspaper, If the remarks in that r wre what your
lunatic asyluw.” Laughter.)
rectly given in THE TRIBUNE, he did not puss upon the
coustitutionality of the law of 164.
Ex-Judge Barrett—I hope THE TRIBUNE {8 not the pa
per counsel referred to ‘as ying and liceutious,” else it
would not be proper for bim to quote from it.
ment by two counsel would be consl
bait au hour at that, Mr. Stoughton said he haa no de
Mr. Bwughton—I sm a citizen and tax-payer, and I
think the press have done great service,
Ex Judge Fullerton—80 do I, and wish them all sue
cess. All that I claim is that after the press have dis
covered these frauds, these gentlemen should not attempt
to convert this Court into a town meeting, nor iuto a
Vigilance Committee for the purpose of Baving a trial in
that way. We want the ordinary mode of Pr
suing a trial. If Ingepeo)) has ocommi a
wrong, let bim be punished. If be has taken
mouey fraudulently from the City Treasury,
it should be recovered, but let it be done according to
the laws of the land. A violation of law in giving a rem
edy would have a far worse effect upon the corumunily
thin the loss of the treasury of the LiLy und County to
gether, Now, we claim that the plaiutitt has no standing
Ww lowrt; Urst, because the law of 1864 is nnconstitu
sire to speak more than thirty minutes. Gen. Barlow io.
004 10 Je turned out of court.
n
on this moti w~I can't turn anybody out of court
x-Ju Fall
Wi Fl Ho pd question is whether you are
wk an tou—I hope the Court will excuse me for
say ['s al when I find an ajiblication like this sought
decision of the a  ertind vr Yury Pus
Coujunction with Judges Buruard snd Cardozo, that such
NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1871.
CL WEI YIEIRAIR vi WF YIN CN YDTTINGS PYROS ry INTE EN, a 2 a
does pot show facts and olroumstances showing Hight Ww
come into Court. He has no more right, nooording the
facts Yeveloped, to stand in Court to prosecute this
sction than if he alleged that he was a subject of Hor
Majouty Quoen Victoria. There ia another point, which
i, that uwocording to this affidavit there are facts and
circumstances enough to frame a complaint, and they do
not need anything heyond it. [It states the amount of
money which has been taken from the treasury, who
obtained it, and upon what pretense it was htained.
third, he has shown no right w be here what
Ex-Judge IMullerton read Judge Barnard's opinion in
the Foloy caso to show that he did not Ja upon the
constitutionality of the law of 1864, anc olaimed that
Judge Lurnard must have held that he could maintain
the action at common law,
GEN. BARLOW'S REPLY.
Under Section 391 of the Code, the defendant, by his
counsel, comes here and raises various objections to
going on with that examination. He baa raised Aub
stantially three objections to our proceeding with this
examination:
First: ‘The plaintiff has no capacity to sue; that is to
say, a8 6 resident and tax-payer of this city he has no
standing in Court. Second: If ho has a standing in
Court, it 1s not sufficiently alleged or proved, or rather
that it 48 disproved, by the affidavits on the other sido;
that the condition precedent of his right to bring an ac
tion—to wit, tho refusal of the Trustees, Rupervisors,
and Common Council—is not sufficiently alloged. or, if it
be, it is disproved by their affidavita. Third: They say
that apart trom these two questions, our papers are not
sufficient to bring this defendant into Court and subject
him to this examination,
Now, has this plaintiff any capacity to suet I submit
that the question cannot. be raised, and that your Honor
will not entertain it at this stage of the case, which is a
mere preliminary stage, The Code provides that whero
the ohjection to the ya CBRE ty to sue appears on
the face of the complaint it shall be raired by emurrer,
that where it does not it shall be raised by answer, and
we submit that it can only bo raised under the Coden
one of these two ways. We think we are at least safe in
saying that your Honor will not at this stage
turn us aut of Court, unless it 18 per
feetly plain that we have no standing in Court.
If there is any doubt, we submit that your Honor might
decide the question now. Now my loarned friend as
sumed that the only ground of standing In court on the
ground of complaint is not sufficiently alleged, or if it be
It is disproved by their aftidavits, Third, they say that
apart from those two questions, our papers are not sutli
cient to bring this defendant into Court and subject Lil
to this examination.
THE PLAINTIFF'S CAPACITY TO SUE.
Now, has this plaintiff any capacity to sue? TI submit
that the question cannot be raised, and that your Honor
will not entertain it at this stage of the case, which is a
mere prelimininary stage. The code provides that
where the objection to the plaintif°s capacity to sue ap
pears on the face of the complaint, it shall be raised by
demurrer: that where it does not it shall be raised by
answer, and we submit that it can ony be raised under
tho code in one of these two ways, e think we are at
least safe in saying that your Honor will not, at this
stage, turn us out of Court, unless it is perfectly plain
that we have no standing in Court. If there is any doubt,
we submit that your Honor might decide the question now.
Now, my learned friend assumed that the only ground
of standing in Court on the ground of the complaint
was under Section 3 of the Tax Levy of 1864. We don't
rig entirely upon that. Our firsf proposition is that
under the ceneral principles of common law, or of the
Courts of Equity, we have a right independent of that
statute to come into this Court for this relief, under the
circumstances suggested in the affidavit on which we
move. 1f the money of a corporation is stolen or fraudu
lently taken, the injury is to the corporate bodys and not
to the citizens thereof, just as in this case, if the money
of the city has heen appropriated, the injury haa heen
done to the wi, and not to the tax-payers. That ix
of course admitted, but in regard to private
corporations, the principle prevails that, on an
allegation that the persons who have the right
to bring the suit in the name of a corporation, refuse to
do 80, that they are themselves the guilty persons, We
shall be told that the Court of Appeals in this State has
decided, in the case of Roosevelt agt. Draper, in 23 of
New-York, that a citizen and tax-payer has no standing
in court. Now we submit that that case does not cover
this. In the first place, this suit of Roosevelt aut.
Draper was brought by Roosevelt alone, in his own
name as an individual, not on behalf of the citizens and
tax-payers. Secondly, the city was not made a party de
fendant. There was no allegation that the CRY officers
had refused to pursue the gilty persons, Tt did not ap
pear that the same City Government or city officers who
made the fraudulent conveyance were those in power
when the suit was commenced, and that, therefore, there
was 110 neglect or omission to sue on their part; that was
not a case where the city had refused to puto the
guilty, and therefore the one element of right of eestui
que (rusts was wanting. Now the Court says the plain:
{iff didn’t sue on behalf of others, The Corporation rep
resents the interest linble to be aflected by the remedy
sought, hut the plaintiff’ does not represent the whole
public. We sue on behalf of every one interested with
us.
Now, what becomes of the familiar rule of courts of
equity that Where there 18 a right there i3 a remedy” if
in such a cuse as we male here we are told that the tax
paver has no remedy whatever short of the remedy by
election t
Now, we come to the ¢lanse iu the Tax Levy of 1834,
Section 3 of that act is not within the constitutional pro
vision that no private or local bill passed by the Legisla
ture shall contain more than one subject, and that ex
Jyeased in its title. Your Honor held in Phillips agt. the
fayor and one or two others that, inasinuch as certain
provisions of the Tax Levy related to State Boards and
Commissions, created under the authority of Btate
laws, having jurisdiction outside the city and
county, the act could not be considered local.
This relates to the szme Boards. Further, even
if the act of 1864 he local, section 3 is not local but general
in its nature, and I call your Honor's attention to two
cases in the Court of Appeals, which have well settled
the law on this subject. The People sagt. McCann in 16
N.Y. There it was Leld that although the act and its
title was in the main loeal, yet thers being init a sep
arate section providing for the course of procedure
ju the Oyer and ‘Terminer and the Court of Ap
peals in this State, that section being general
wax not contaminated or aftected by the localness of the
other parts of the act, but was to be considered as though
it ttoog Dy itself, and then would be good without auy
title at all although in the general act. That principle
was carried out in The People agt. Williams, 24, N.Y.
Now those two cases have never been overruled, and they
decide that one section ix not ewbarrassed by the other
sections of the bill provided the section you are consider
ing 18 in itself general.
HOW TAX-PAYERS ARE AI'FECTED.
Now then section 3 is general, although the party de
clared to be a cestui que trust wust be a resident here, itis
manifest to vour Honor that the interests of various per
sons residing in all parts of the State may be allected by
this section 3. Everbody who pays taxes in New-York,
wherever he may reside, whether in the State or out of
it, has an interest in this provision, which gives another
tax-payecr, who lives here, the right to call these persous
to account for the Wisapproprishiol of trust funds.
Again, it affects property outside of the city, to wit—the
city owns property in the County of Westchester and
Putnam, and if that is Risppropiaes hy the Bupervis
ors or Common Council, there my exists the
right to pursue that projerty outside the vity. Buppose
our Police or our Board of Public Works by reason of
such misappropriation should come to a stand still, a
danger which is actually threatening us, is not every
citizen who comes to this State wg interested
But yet, if this act is local and section 3 is local, your
Honor can only declare it unconstitutional pba of the
act contains more than one subject, and that be not ex
Jreased in the title. The title authorizes the Supervisors
o raise money for the CoTSioratich and city, on yh raise
money for expenditures therefor. Now, section 3 1s ger
mane to the rest of the bill, that is, it relates to the ex
penditure of money authorized to be raised. [Counsel
recited tne case of Sharpe agt. the Mayor, decided by
Judge Ingraham.) The argument that this section 3 has
a general provision an regard to the expenditure of
money is bad, whereas it would be good if restricted to
the moneys of 1864, The answer to that 1s that the title
to this bill is perfectly general.
In regard to the examination of this defendant, all
that is required is section 891. It used to be held iu the
Superior Court that no order at all was necessary to
bring in a defendant to he examined under this pons’ og
Of course then no affidavit 18 necessary. Now, this new
rule (21) settles those two points. 2 that rule it wds
provided that there should be an a davit and an order,
and that the examination could be had in order to fur
nish information for the preparation of a complaint.
Now, my friend says that your Honor—in the face of
the General Term decision, that this examination
can be had before issue—canuot be governed
by that rule. Now I say these are rules of the Court ex
pressing the sentiment of the Judges of all the Courts all
over the State, and while it is very proper for a Judge at
Special Term to be guided by a decision of the General
Term, yet it is going too far to say that in no case, how
ever erroneous shat decision may have been, or what
ever facts may have come 10 Haw since, that the Judge
at Bpecial Term cannot anu will not, under any
General Term decision. Buch decisions are
constantly decided against at Special Term. The
Moll My lio sit Asm: a naamtratiaotiiom 7a) Qa
an examination could not be had until after the iasus
wag jaiued. <ten 1 must raise my voioe against it.
tional; second, because, Admitting that law to be Son
stitutional, he does nok meok restrain waste;
udge Ingrabsn bere adjoarnod the furthior hoaring
until 11 o'clook this morning.
I ——n.
EXCESSIVE APPROPRIATIONS.
EAUESSIVE AUPROPRIA LIURNG.
DEFICIENCIES OF THE GENERAL PUND—THE RE
STRICTIONS OF THE TWO PER CENT ACT VIO=
LATED.
For the first time in many years, the amount
of appropriations made for City and County 6xpensca in
1810 largely exceeds the moans realized from tho Tax
Levy and other sources to pay the same. It appears by
the report of ex-Depaty Controller Warren to Lhe Joint
Investigating Committee that
The total amount of appropriations made for
tho Year 1570 Was. ............................50,000,264 29
To provide means to pay the same, taxes
were levied in 1870 amonnting to... 23,072,556 47
The General Funds of the City and County
respectively were charged with the follow
ing sums, to wit:
(on’l Fund of the Corporation. $56,003,707 83
Goneral Fund of the County. 2,740,000 00— 7,853,707 82
TOLBL. cori vrs ecrennsnrssnssredenanens see 30 900:284 9
But while the General Fund of the Corporation was
thus charged and called upon to furnish double the
amount it ever supplied before, it actually yielded only
$32,400,068 35,% leaving a deficiency of $2,003,649 47 in the
legitimate means of paying the amounts appropriated.
This defloiency appears fromm Mr. Warren's report to
have been brought down as a balanes against the Gen
eral Fund of the Corporation on Dec. 31, 1870, to be mado
good by some future sleight of hand trick of wodern
financiering, or otherwiae.
This year the appropriations as first passed amounted
to $31,500,678 08.
The reductions lately made amount to...... $2,980,577 41
Leaving the present amount...................28,520,100 67
To meet this the Tax Levy is cxpected to
yleld the smmnof..........0............... .23,362,627 62
Loans are to be wade upon consolidated
eer evsesrarrnsressssnernsnsensvsranns
3,157,573 06
The proposition is to charge this $2,000,000 to the Gou
eral Fund of the Corporation, which, as above shown,
was in debt at the end of last year $2,603,649 47. It 13
probable that the revenues of the General Fund, which
consist mainly of the surplus income from Croton Water
Rents beyond the interest now payable from those rents,
and the interest accruing on back taxes, ete, may pro
duce $2,000,000, but this and more too will be required
to make good the deficit in that fund at the close of 1870.
Total $26,620,100 67
Then there ie no possibility that the Tax Levy of 1871
will produce the entire amount imposed. It has been
customary in former years to provide for deficiences oc
casioned by erroneous valuations of properly and in
solvency of parties assessed for taxes on personal estate,
by adding about 24 to 8 per cent to the amount required
to be raised.
The following statement shows the amounts added to
cover such defielencies in former years
In 1867.........5615,898 04 In 1870. ........$493,683 G3
In 1868. 627,634 06 lu 1871......... (notking)
In1869......... 603,377 79
It is not to be disputed that the Tax Levy of 1871 will
fail by $500,000 to yield funds suflicient to pay the appro
priations based upon sald levy. Under these circum
stances, the question is frequently heard whether the
Bonrd of Apportionment ought not to wake a further re
vision of the appropriations, and reduce the ngpregate
amount 80 a8 to keep within the means legally applica
ble to the paymont thereof, The restriction of ex pendi
tures to the amounts appropriated, if the Board of Ap
portionment may make appropriations for unlimited
amounts, regardless of the means of paying the sawe, 18
absolutely uscless,
THE REPORTED REDUCTION OF APPROPRIATIONS
PROVE TO BE MERELY TRANSFERS—TIIL RING
LESS HONEST THAN IT WAS THOUGHT.
The Board of Apportionment, who under the
latest laws now make all appropriations for city and
county expenditures to be provided for by taxation, ap
pear to have done a pretty extensive business in making
such appropriations for the present year. Accordiug to
the report of Mr. Warren to the Joint Investigating Com
mittee, the amount of the appropriations made by said
Board by their resolutions of May 15, 17 and 18, 1571, was
$31,600,678 08. But since those appropriations were passed,
the following reductions have been made, to wit: By
resolution pussed Aug. 15, $14,180; Aug. 18, £3,319 11; Sept.
13, $2,958,048 30—¥§2,980,577 41; making the amount, $28,
520,100 67.
Efforts have been made to obtain copies of the proceed:
ings of the Board of Apportionment in order to ascertain
what items were reduced or stricken out to the amount
of $2,080,677 41, as above stated. But Mr. Secretary Corson
says he has been instructed by the Board not to allow
their proceedings to be seen by any one.
The published minutes, just issued by the New-York
Printing Company, say that the reduction of August 15
was not really any reduction, but a transfer of $14,180
from the appropriations for Judgments to the account
of “Coroner's foes,” for payment of the duly audited
hills of the Coroner for the first quarter of 1871. The
«reduction of August 18 is represented in the printed
miuutes as a transfer of §5,349 11 from the appropriations
of “Judgments” to the appropriations of Disburse
ments and Fees of Connty Officers and Witnesses.” As
for the larger reduction $2,058,048 30—a reporter, who
examined the printed minutes very closely, could tind no
allusion whatever to it.
RE
THE NFW COUNTY AUDITOR.
Abraham L. Earle, the newly appointed
County Auditor, was born in Dutchess Co, N.Y. He
came to this city when but five years of age, and has
been here 48 years, He carried on business for a long
time as a provision merchant ut No, 514 Washington-st.,
but retired during the last year, which accounts for his
name not being in the Directory. At present he resides
at No. 134 West Fourth-st. He was tormerly an Old Line
Wig i and hus heen a Repubiican since the organization
of the party. Tuis is the first public office he has ever
filled. It was offered to him without any solicitation on
hig part, and, having had no previous scquaintance with
Leyuty Controller Green, no one was more surprised at
it than himself, Upon inguiry at the Mayor's otlice yes
terday it was found that Mr. Earle had not tiled Lis oath
of otHee
ANOTHER E MIGRANT ROBBER GETS HIS
DESERTS.

As stated in Tue TrIBUNE of yesterday, a
largo number of emigrant swindlers and politicians of
tho First Ward were present during McDermott's trial
in the Court of General Sessions on Tuesday, and mani
tested more than ordinary interest in the proceedings.
They knew that their future action depended, in 8 mea
sure, on the result of McDermott’s trial, and the an
nouncement, yesterday, that the jury had not agreed
was regarded by them as a partial triumph. Before the
Jury brought into Court a TRIBUNE reporter called
the attention of District-Attorney Sullivan to the fact
that the seventh man in the jury had been refused by Dis
trict-Attorney Sullivan on the trial of Ryan, on the ground
that he had personal knowledge of the defendant and
his crime. When the Jury came into Court, Recorder
Hackett asked the Jury, when the disagreement had
been announced, if anything could be done to enable the
Jury to come to an agreement, and the foreman said that
the Jury, on retiring, stood eleven to one, and only a par
tial change had been effected during the night. The
second juror, explaining that he was not asking
for his own information, requested that the
evidence of Freeman might be read, and the
stenographer was instructed to read from his notes
the evidence bearing on McDermott’s conversation with
Johnson, the complainant, as detailed by Officer Free
man. Freeman testified that when Johnson recognized
McDermott as the thief, his remark to McDermott, You
didn’t expect to see me again,” was met with the replys
“Oh, Yes, I did;” and that the emicrant swindler added
“When you were in the office I was outside of the coun
ter; don 3 Jou remember I had on a pair of red slip
pore e disagreeing juror, pointed out by THE
Chicago, thefinevitable metropolis of the vigorous north
western third of the prairie world, has taken the lead in
rendering the whole of it accessible, Her vocaticn is to
RIBUNE reporter, then rose and revealed himself by
asking if that had been positively sworn to. Recorder
Hackett announced that his own notes agreed with
those of the Stenograpler, and he might have added fur
ther that he laid particular stress on this testimony in
his charge. The jo then agreed with his fellows, and
a Vordiek of guilty was rendered. Recorder Hackett
stated that he fully concurred with the verdict, and he
kuew of no reason why the sentence in the case should
be less severe than in the cases of Davis, Lispole and
Ryan. The severe sentences posed by himself, and his
colleague, Judge Bedford, would result, he trusted, in a
complete peaking up of emigrant swindling.
only question for us whether we briag our
how the same is material to enable us to prepare our
In regard to the objection made yesterday, that we ure
action, 1may if there is anything in that your Honor
put every good acre in all that region within ten miles of
a railroad, aud to connect every railroad with a system
of ship-canals terminating in the Mississippi and the At
lantic Ocean. That is, has been, snd will be for wany
8 yea} to come Chicago's work and her own growt
will be exactly measured by her wisdom and efficiency
in doing it. So far, every wile of railroad has yielded its
proportionable revenue to the great prairie cxchange
aud bauking-house and this fact, vow clearly seeu by
every creature lu the town, guarantees the execution of
The law thus rumpbed, and McDermott was aen
tenced to five years in the State Prison. Moore is now
the only emigrant swindler agatist whom there {8 any
definite charge, and he has forfeited his bail and taken
refuge in fight, The witness against him, Kornack, the
Prussian, is still mm the House of Detention, and will
stay there as long as Moore chooses to evade the officer
who ia searching for him armed with a bench warraut.
Ex-Judge Fullerton—The gentleman misstates me. 1
infor
the task,
SHIPPING AND COMMERCE.
In some parts of the country railroads have tempo
rarily diminished the importance of water communica
tion. This 18 not the case with the Great Lakes, nor
with Chicago's lion's share of their commerce. It is but
yesterday that Aston’s single schooner of 40 tuns was the
ouly vessel known to the cago River except Indian
canoes, Chicago is now more than the M 8 of our
Mediterranean, though Marseilles was a Kiuce of note
2,400 years ago. Beventy-seven mers, 118
WHOM THE RING APPEALS TO,
£0 (he Ldvior OJ ANE 4ATIUURE.
Gen, Barlow took up a newspaper to refer to Mr. Ful
Sir: It strikes me as a little singular that
Judge Fullerton—the man who was put at the head of
the packed Committee on Contested Beats at Syracuse
and presented the Conkling-Murphy report to the Con’
vention, excluding the Greeley delegation on the ground
that they were Tammany Hall Republicans—should now
be engaged as counsel for Ingersoll Co., using his vast
legal abilities and cunning to protect them, and cheat
the citizens out of the common benefit of the examina
tion, which is being pressed In the interest of good gov’
ernment.
sarcastically—* Don't, I beg of you, refer to that
Honor und I also said, then we oth ought to be pod
Geu. Barlow, after some further remarks, concluded.
Upon anvouncing that ex-Ju Barrett would close the
8} kunjebly Judge Ingraham asked what was the neces
ty of any f r argument, In an ord CA80 Argu
ted either that Mr, Fullerton should close the argu
went, or thut ex-Judge Barrett sbould speak as well he
Ir. Boughton, He did net care unless they were
barks, 43 brigs, 513 schooners, 83 scows and Larges—in all
904 vessels, carrying 218,215 tuns, and Supioying 10,000
sallors—now ply between Chicago and the other luke
ports. Provided thus with the means of Eoihiorion in and
sending away the surplus products of the prairivs, the
granery of the world, and of supplying them with mer
chandise in return, Chi has for last few years
transacted an smount of business that ast. d
bewilders when she hus time to pause and
Btate of Michigan
than doubled, the quantity being nearly 11,
bushels. From that time the ex has as follows:
Year. Bushels. Year. ls.
1855... ..0000000040.16,633,700 1861. 50,481,662
If the regular delegates were Tammany men, and Mr,
Fullerton, who acted under the inspiration of Conkling
and the Custom-House, was honest in his action, I have
Mo doubt but that there are thousands of people who
would lke light on the subject of the Ring's present con
fidence in Fullerton, and an explanation why this is thus.
Vey respectfully, A REPUBLICAN, OF NEITHER WING,
ew York. Oct. 10, W971.
THE RUINED OITY.
SKETCH OF CHICAGO BY JAMES PARTON.
From The Atlantic Monty, March, 1387
a EEE
2 NIRA THR gs TH TPES Neem
Ch ey Br ®t uu alk
In 1830 Chicago was what it had been for a
quarter of a century military post and fur station,
consisting of 12 he Ry There was a log fort, with
{ta garrison of two companies of United States troops.
There was the fur agency. There were three taverns,
#0 called, much haunted by idle, dmnken Indians, who
brought in furs and remained to drink up the {robesile,
There were two stores on with such goods as In
diana buy. There was a blacksmith’'s shop, a house for
the interpreter of the station and one occupied by Indian
chiefs. All that part of Illinois swarmed with Indians,
As many Indian trails then marked the prairie and con
centrated at the Agency as there are railroads
now terminating in the City of ga for the
Indians brought furs to that point from beyond
the Mississippi as well as from the great prairies of the
North and South. Ones a year John Jacob Astor sent a
schooner to the post to convey supplies to it, and take
away the year's product of fur. Once a week In Sun.
mer, twice a month in Winter, a mail rider brought news
to the place from the great world on the other side of
the lakes. In 1230 there resided in Chicago, beside the
garrison and the fur agent, four white families. In 1831
there were twelve families, and when Winter came
on, the {rope having been withdrawn, the white popula
tion moved into the fort, and had a pleasant time of it,
with their debating society and balls, In 1832, the taxes
amounted to nearly $150, #12 of which were expended in
the erection of Chicago's tirst public bullding—a pound
for stray cattle.
THE POPULATION COMING IN,
But in 1833 the rush began. Before that year closed
there were 60 families floundering in Chicago mud. In
1534 there were, as it appears, nearly 2,000 inhabitants in
the town, and in 1835 more than 3,000. Chicago, for 15
ears after it commenced its rapid Increase was, per
Wy of all prairie towns the most repulsive to every
human sense, The place was in vile odor, even among
the Indian, sinee the name they gave it—Chicago—if it
does not mean skunk, as some old hunters aver, signifies
nothing of sweeter odor than wild onion. The prairie on
that part of the shore of Lake Michigan WppsAlY to the
eye as flat aa the lako itaclf, and its average hight above
the lake is about six feet, A a who
visited Chicago in 1853 reports that he waded
the last eight miles of bis jonsney in water from one to
three feet deep—a sheet of water extending as far as the
eye could reach over what is now the fashionable
quart:r of Chicago and its most elegant suburbs, An
other traveler records that in 1531, in riding about what
is now the very center and heart of the business portion
of the city, he often felt the water swashing through his
stirrups. Even in dry Summer weather, that portion of
the prairie was very wet, and during the rainy seasons
no one attempted to pass over it on foot. “3 wouldn t
have given sixpence au acre for the whoie of it,” sald a
gentleman speaking of land, much of which is now held
at $500 a foot, Tt looked so unpromiging to farmers
eyes, that Chicago imported a considerable portion of its
srovisions from the eastern shores of Lake Michigan, as
pn us 1838. Chicago, that did this only 28 years ago,
now feeds States and kingdoms.
Chicago cannot ¢laim the credit of the Improv nmens
of the harbor in 1533 and 1834, which first ca led the at
tention of the country to that frontier post. The United
States spent £30,000 in 1833 in dredging out the Chicago
River, and in the Spring of 1534, a most timely freshet
swept away the bar at the mouth of the river, making it
accessible A the largest Inke eraft. This made Chicago
an important lake post at once. The town Lad taken its
first stride toward greatness. In 1836 the population
was 4,000.
THE FIRST LOCOMOTIVE,
It was in April, 1849, eighteen years ago, that the
whistle of the locomotive was first heard on the prairies
west of Chicago; and this locomotive drew a train to a
distance of ten miles from the city, amid the cheers of
the people who had little to lose, and the forebodings of
most of those who had much. The railroad system of
which Chicago is a center now include 8,000 miles of
track, and the railrond system of which Chicago is the
center embraces nearly 5,000 miles of track. Not less
than 200 trains now arrive and depart in a day and night,
Theie are 16 points on the Mississippi which have
railroad communication with Chicago. The Illinois Cen
tral, with its 700 wiles of road, lays open the central part
of the long State of Illinois, and has brought into enlture
nearly 200,600,000 acres of the best land in the world. The
straight road to St. Louis renders accessible another line
of Illinois counties, besides tapping” the commerce of
the Missourt River at Alton, and that of the Lower Mis
xissippi at St. Louis, Other roads stretch out long arms
into the fertile prairies of Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
Missouri, and extend far toward the ining region of
Lake Superior; and on whatever lines railroad sare buld
ing, or contemplated to the Pacifle, Chicago means to be
ready with rae ition for reaping her natural share of the
advantages resulting from their completion.
During the last three years the number of cattle re
ceived in Chicago from the prairies and sent bi in va
rious forms to the East has averaged about 1,000 for each
working day. In one year—the last year of the war—
09,459 of these cattle were killed, salted, and harreled in
Chicago. Nevertheless, a person might reside there for
years and never suspect that any 1 isiness wis done in
cattle, never see a drove, never hear the bellow of an ox.
STOCK AND LUMBER.
At tho stock-yard, a few steps from the hotel, is the
Cattle Exchange, n spacious and elegant edifice of yellow
stone, wherein there 1s a great room for the chaffering or
preliminary gassing” of buyers and sellers; also, a
bank for cattle men’s use, with a daily business ranging
from $100,000 to $500,000; also, a telegraph oflice, which
reports trom time to time the price of beef, pork, and
mutton in two hemispheres, and sends back to the cattle
markets of mankind the condition of affairs in this, the
great bovine yy of the world. There is one commodity
in which Chicago deals that makes a show
proportioned to its importance. Bix hund
red and fourteen millions of feet of lumber, equal
to about 50,000,000 of ordinary pine boards, which Chicago
sold last year, cannot be hidden ina corner. The prairies,
to which nature has been so variously bountiful, do lack
this first necessity of the settler, and it is Chicago that
sends up the Like for it and supplies it to the prairies.
Miles of timber yards extend along one of the forks of
the river; the harbor is choked with arriving timber ves
sels; timber trains shoot over the prairies in every diree
tion. To economize transportation, they are now begin
ning to dispatch timber in the form of ready-wado
houses,
While this great husiness has been forming, Chicago it
aolf has undergone many and strange TA hy
The population which numbered 70 in 1830, was 4,853 in
1840. During the next five years it nearly trebled, being
12,088 in 1845. In 1850, the year in which the railroad was
opened to Elgin, the population had mounted to 29,963,
and during the next 10 years it quadrupled, In 1860,
110,973 persons lived in Chicago. In 1865, after fonr years
of war, the population was 178,900, In the Spring of 1867,
including the suburban villages, which are as much Chi
cago as Harlem is New-York, we may safely put down
the population at 230,000,
APPEARANCE OF THE CITY.
Chicago, already a handsome town, is going to be one
of the most beautiful cities in the world. Twenty years
ago, when the present Court-House, or City Hall, was
built, the corporation sent all the way to Lockport in the
State of New-York for the stone, a dark granite, Long
before the people had dove boasting of this grand and
gloomy edifice, the men who were digging the canal at
Athens, 14 miles from the city, struck a Be reit of =ofr,
cream-colored stone, which proved to be an inexhaust
ible quarry. For some time this stone was supposed to
be useless, and it was regarded only in the li ht of an
obstruction to the excavation of the canal. ft was dis
covered about a year or two after that fragments of the
stone which had been exposed to the air for a few
months had become hi rder; and by very slow degrees the
truth dawned upon a few interested minds that Chicago
had stnmbled upon a treasure. It was, nevertheless, with
much difficulty that builders were induced to give a trial
to what is now recognized as the very best and most
elegant building material in the country. The general
use in Chicago of this light-colored stone and of the
light-yellow brick of the prairie clay, gives to the princi
pul streets a cheerful, elegant, airy aspect, which is en
hanced by the promptitude with which ail the new and
Rleastur offce's in street architecture are introduced.
do not hesitate to say that the best houses in the lead
ing avenues of Chicago are far more pleasing to the eye
than those of Fifth-ave. In New-York, aud that the
general effect of the best streets is finer, Of course,
Chicago is still a forming city. It stretches
along the lake about eight miles, but does
pot reach back into the prairie more than two. In the
heart of the town the stranger beholds blocks of stores,
solid, lofty, and in the wost recent taste, hotels of ow
magnitude, and public hiding that would be credit
able to any city. The streets are as crowded with
vehicles and People as any in New-York, and there is
nothing exhibited in the windows of New-York which
may not be seen in those of Chicago. As the visitor
passes along he sces at every momentsome new evidence
that he has arrived at a rich metropolis. New it is a
gorgeous and enormous carpet house that arrests his
attention, now a huge dry goods store or vast
depot of groveries, The next moment he finds
Brose? peer ng into a restaurant as splendid as a steam
boat and larger than Taylor's, where, h addition to other
delicacies of the season, there is a spacious cake of ice
covered with naked frogs reposing ploturesquely in
Jareles, Further on he pauses before a jeweler’s, bril
nt with gold, silver, diamonds, and pictures, where a
single item of last year’s business was tie sale of 3,200
watches, of which 1,000 were American. The number
and extent of the bookstores is another striking feature,
and 1t ta imnaxeihle to on far withant hoaine atranely Pee
Kini that pianos and cabinet organs are for sale in
CHICAGO'S RELATION TO THE NORTH-WEST.
THE BOARD OF TRADE.
1 31,843 331 1863. 56,484,110
M8 sr susnsvevrser ..18,028,678 1863. 54,741,830
B358eees een ornssssss 30030 1084-5. AT 124,44
1850. s4.+ sassesreniB [1 5 PP 83,213,234
No body of men in this land were more ueartily loyal
to their country during the war than the Chicago Board
of Trade. Adjoining the great Exchange Room is a
smaller apartment Handaomelv firnishad in hisak wal.
nut for the mestings of the Directors of the Board, and in
this To0m, hs proserved Lg Haca of the Movorst 2
men a equipped under the auspices 4
the assistance of the, Board,
ye
THE PORK-PACKING BUAINESS.
The business of pork packing, aa it is called, which cag
only bo done to advantage on a large scale, has attained
enormous proportions in Chicago, surpassing those of
the #ame business tn Cincinnati, where it orizinated, In
one season of three months Chicago has converted
904,669 hogs into pork, which was one-third of all the
hogs massacred in the Western country during the year,
THE PROGRESS OF MANUFACTURES.
At the present time almost every article of much bulk
used upon railroads, in farming, in warming houses, in
building houses, or in cooking, is made in Chicago, Whose
people. are feeling their way, too, into making wooleg
and cotton goods.
1]
EA:
THE BOOK TRADE AND PRIVATE LIBRARIEA
OF CHICAGO.
Chicago was the great literary emporinm of
the North-West. The entire bookjtrade of the city, in
cluding that small portion of the stationery trade whick
was done by the hook houses, amounted to about
$3,000,000 per year. The Western News Company, s. 0,
Griggs Co., W. B. Keen Cooke, GG. C, Sherwood,
and Cobb, Pritchard Co. were the leading houses. The
first three firma did business side by side in a fivestory
marble block on State-st,, and their premises
formed the fluest group of hook stores in the
world, Their stores rented for from $16,000 to
$20,000 each per annum, Each was 150 feet deep by
45 wide, with shelves and show-cases crowded, and enor;
mous stacks of books, often twice as high as a man's
head, rising from cvery available square foot of the
floor. The Western News Company, which 1s owned half
in New-York and halt in Chicago, sold annually abous
$1,000,000 worth of current literature. The sales of the
firm of Griggs Co., in which Gen. McClurg 18 a part
ner, had an annual trade of $300,000, It was not unusual
Jo circulate from Chicago 10,000 copies of a subscription

IK.
Chicago contained several valuable public libraries,
some if not all of which were probubly destroyed. The
most notable were those of John A, Rice, I. G. Asay, E,
B. McCagg, Henry L. Monroe, and Perry H. Smith. Mr,
Rice's library contained about 5,000 volumes, including a
Dibdin, which cost 81,20 and was the finest in the ww Fy
His collection was especially rich in early American in
Junta, including many works printed by Marmaduke,
onnson at Cambridge, Mass., years before a printing.
office was established 10 Boston $40,000 was refused for
Mr. Rice's library.
Mr. McCagg’s library consisted of 6,000 volumes, and was
rich in antique treasures and choice engravings, [IT eon
tained a flue Purchas’s Voyages,” and an original
(Paris) Jefferson's Notes on America.” In a room ad
Joining the hbrary was Holey's large jretibe of the Mili
tary Conference at Fortress Monroe, in 1:65, which con
tained the best hkeness of President Lincoln ever
painted. Mr. Asay’s brary contained about 45,000 vol
umes. In American history he had one peculiar tress.
ure—the original manuscript correspondence between
Washington and James Laurens of South Carolina.
Mr. Monroe's collection included the finest law Library
in the city, and an exceedingly choice assortment in gems
eral literature. Rare and choice works isvariably found
purchasers at high rates in Chicago. A Boston firm
yrinteéd, about eighteen months ago, for three Chicago
es collectors, a special edition ot only three copiva ot
Longfellow’s Daunte,” which cost in the sheets $333
apiece.
THE CHICAGO CHURCHES.
(‘hicago contained 12 Congregational churches
20 Episcopal, 9 Evangelical Lutheran, 4 United Evan
gelical, 5 Jewish congregations, 21 Methodist, 18 Prosby
teriun, 27 Roman Catholic, 2 Universalist, Many of those
ure, of course, destroyed,

Fo the EGilOorY OF £20 7720 n RE.
Sik: As a little indication of the go-ahead
spirit of Chicago, I send you a copy of the first and only
tolegram received by the American News Company,
since the fire, from their house in Chicago, the Wester
News Company, dated Oct, 11, 1871:
Send two cases steamboat cards. 200 gross Gillott's 303 pens.
$000 worth of Faler's penciis. 100 gross Gillott's 404 peus.
#300 worth of Eagie peneils. 20 wross Gillott's 170 pena
One case cach, aud U, in Germap 100 gross Lsterbrook's pens, as
8. 8. pencils. sorted.
One cask Arnold's quarts. One cask Arnold's pints and Lalf
$18.000 worth of school books, as-| pints.
L
sorted.
Not one word about fire or other calamity; simply
business nothing wore, nothing less. This move on”
spirit made the old Chicago, and will make the new,
grander and more beautiful, SINCLAIR TOUSEY,
President of the American News Company.
New-York, Oct. 11, 1871,
An estimate made by the Western News Company,
abont 18 months ago, gives the following as their current
sales of each edition of the periodicals named:
Loager, 25,000 copies; New-York Weekly, 16,000;
Saturday Night, 14,000; Harper's Weekly, 5,50;
‘Winey Corner, 5,000; Western World, 3,600;
Fireside Companion, 3,500; Harper's Bazar, 3,000;
Day's Doings, 3,00; Frank Leslie's Newspaper,
2,500; Police News, 2,500; Appletons’ Journal, 2,100;
Waverley Magazine, 2,300; Sporting Times, 1,90; Hearth
and Home, 1,000; Spirit of the Times, 500; Nation, 200;
New-York Citizen, 75; Harper's Monthly, 7,000; Godey,
4,000; Atlantic, 2,000; Peterson 2,000; Our Young Folks,
1,600; Putnam, 750; Galaxy, 700; Our Boys and Girls, 600;
Overland, 250; Lippincott, 200; Riverside, 200.
It was William Messick who was arrested for per
sonating Orlando Warren, and offericg bimsell as “straw bal” mn a
whisky case, and not Mr. Warren himself, who bas never been arrested
on any charge wuatever, and is regarded as above suspicion.
Mrs. Myers of No. 23 Bayard-st., charged with sell
ng whisky without paying the special tax, was released, yesterday, on
her own recognizance, by Commissioner Shields. Mrs, Myers claims thas,
as she keeps a boarding-house, she bas a right to sell whisky to Ler
boarders without payiug a tax.
——l PE HH
Supreme Court—Chambers—By Judge Cardozo.—In
the matter of the habeas corpus for custody of chiliren of Julia O'Connor
and Dagiel O'Connor.—Tue children are to be sot to the Catholic Pro
tectory. I thiuk the evidence does pot justify their being Liven to the
father; but as that institution in which they now are dos Loi agree with
his religious faith a change should he made.
Part [1.—By Jedge Curtis—Green agt. Hongh.—Julzmert by default
for the plaintiff for $1 88, costs apd allowance, Wentworth agt. An
derson.—Judgment for the plaintiff tor $471 09. costs and allowance.
The Webster Manufactaring Company agt. Barrett. —Julgument for the
plaintiff for $164 16, costs and allowance. Sherwin axl, Worstell.—
Judgment for the plaintiff for $75 46, costs and allowance. Bales ait
Grees.—Judgment for the plaintiff, $713 13, costs and allowance. Vea
Rest axt. Jenkins. —Judgment for the plaintiff for $2i2 21, costs and of
owance,
Part IT1,—By Judge Alker.—Russell agt. Wier.—Action for alleged
ill-treatment at sea.—Judgment for the deferdant. Artagt J}
Action for slander.—Judgment for the defendant. Ryan ait Mand
Diswissed by defanit,
Superior Court—Special Term—By Judge Jones.—
Lyons at. Perkius,.—Order granted, Newcomb agt. Lilies. —Motion de
nied without costs. Undernood sagt. Erie Railway Co.—Unler of refer
ence.
Bs Judge MeCuno.—Duncan sgt. Berlin.—Motion for res'‘ntio
granted. Hart agt. Fiteh.—Moton granted. Keveney agt. Eicelsior
Insurance Co.—Motiou tor new trial grauted on terms. Hawlu agh
Barker.—Order grauted,

ALE
1..Carl Frese. homicide,
2..Corneliuy MeGuire, ae.
3..Jawes 8. Dowdy, embezzle
ment and grand larceny.
4..1sabella Lee, Cy larceny.
5. Ww. Wilson, Wm. H. Chap
wan, Patrick Dunn, grand
larceny, and receiving stolen
gouls.
felonioas
6..Jota Williams, larceny from
the perron.
Uxirep States Disrricr Coun
Opeus al
141. Keen agt. Andenried ot al
2i9..The United States agt. The
propeller Thos. Swan.
303. BRacdil Aft The steam-tag
Nagar.
UL Fee 1L 1000, ..00vees 1,108,759
Supnmug Covrr—Cirevir=—Kis
Jue, WB, 31, 324, 123, 125, 197, WS
337, 138, 339, 340, 341, 342, 343, 344
Al M4 TS TEA IT IS 150 BN.
HOW CHICAGO RESUMES BUSRINDES,
THE COURTS.
rn P——
CPIMINAL COURTS.
DECISIONS OCT. 11.
COURT CALENDARS THI» Dar.
COURT—UHAMBERS=INGRAHAN, J. —Upent 81 TF FT
agt. Barpey, 162... Fairchild agt, Fairchild.
agt. Barney. 195.. Wilson agt. Wels et al
t agt. Aborn. 194. Beekman agt. Audrews.
99..
100,

149,.In re
{enry P. Bainbridge. 208..Campbell ast Hodmaa.
 agt. Middleton.
152..
CIKCUIT=—BrADY, J.—Conrt opens at Ila m.
agt. Unio Maufg. Co. #6. .Nharpe sgt. Lambert.
Ag Judd, gt¢1,. Funai age. Bracken.
3424
314. Byrue
2524.
ell agt. Third-ave. R. oi Focke agt Route
R.
“66. Guidet agt. inzeldeia.
0.
Ins, Co. agt. Com. M. Hoyt agt. Sibley.
Co 470. Ivey agt. Dimstoun.
344..Gt.
Ins.
g agt. Kobbe, yiBf. Lacker sgt. Bover.,
on agt. Chittenden, t4t,. Hofman agt, Wagner.
rald axt. Calligau. 32. Peck agt. Gardner.
agt. Clucas. 4. .Gay ag. logersoll
gt. Str thing. 390. Cockroft agt. Clatiin.
OURT— 1 KIAL TRRW.— PART L.—BanBul J. —Court opens
atliam
gt. Condict. 1191... Wright agt. Oreamer.
 agt, Marshall, 1153. Hovey agt. Novelty Iron
agt. Mittnacht, Works,
1195. Brewster a;t. Blameficld.
2234
350..
356,
1004. Smith
52. .8tout
SuPERIOR
871. Kelly
1015.
725...
ir agt. O'Brien,
agt. Novelty Liou 1201. Jennings axl. Watts,
ks. [1203 .Quinn sgt. Donnell.
1043..
8274.
agt. Savage. 1205. Millington agt, Wyman.
1121.
K Brice. 1209. .Didiar agt. Howes.
i age.
RRM PART II. —FrEPDMAN, J. at 11 a.m
gt. Pierce. J0o4. Marshal agt. O'Brien.
imer ag:. Finlar. 1108, Harmngton agt. Cuningbam.
Second Ave. RR.
1189. Steel
812,.0dell
1138...
1496. .The
ctor of (lurch of Ree 1170..Queen agt.
er agt. Crawtord, 0.
why rh Jd. i=. Demper ag, Hall
786. .Quion
2...
ot
Co. agt. 1174. Breca ag W
Se R. R. Co. agt 110. Hauler 3K" Am. Hand Peg
heock. ging Co.
OB AL Be Texn—C. P. Davy, C. J, LAakrEMoRrs,
5
1064.
apd J. F. Davy, JJ.
gt. Allison. 79..Pavne agt. Tracy.
at. Whitty, 99. .Vosharch sagt. Brewster,
t. Park Bank. ol..Bissick agt. McKeude,
i Crowe 25. Upton agt. Bigelow,
1 AN BRUNT, J.—Care ou,
HY eed
53.. Asher
7. poi

MARINE
AL TREX —PART L=V
rRT=—TRIAL TeExM—PARY [.=Gross. J —Ojensat 10a. mo.
6695.
at. Hubbard. 6719..De Leeam at Claney.
t. Nolan. 6340, Reiwer agt. Wooster,
8365. The
iddlefield F. 8. Co. 6721, Edwan's ag, Wiswall,
i
Totten. (6251, Berger agt. Moore,
ag’.
Mahon. 0722. .8eyvel age. Decker.
Carlton. 67.3,.8chnabl agt. Raubitschek.
6440.
6219... Rand
Deauison. (0724. Steinbard agt. Suow.
agt. Slattery. 6725. Newcomb agt. Freund,
n agt. Walters.
6716.
8717.
031.
Parr IL—=Crrmis J.
gt. Draddy. 6696. Legrain agt. Dodd.
gt. Rushworth, Goug, Bredt agt. Alexander.
gt. Hirseh, 669, Reinheier agt. Aaron.
gt. Hofman, [6700 Bissinger agt. Hertickler.
agt. Kawitser. 6701. Bagleson agt, De Grad
rer agt. Schlitz 0705, Nester agt Steimle.
at. Kothweo, 06, Hart agt. Nye.’
 agt. Merthing, [6707 Darrow agt. Fowler,
Bl
6447. .Bloon
a
+4. Maber
5369.
oe.
Hoel
6812.
er agt. Fettrecht,  (0711.. Monteith Bueatot.
r agt. Baodmua, Awa Duine agt. McDonong
x LL
agt. Price. Liebman teiamets
agt. Steinmetz, wv
$570.
0635. Bl
7497. Morgue

CorRT OF
NKMAL Saasions.— Before Recorder HACK¥rT.~Opens 18
se. homicide. oy. Michael Russe, felonious a
3 McGuire, ra sanlt and
Dowdy, OS ie 8.. Joseph Fleare feoalons a=
nd grand larceny. sault and battery.
Lee, gonad larceny.| 9..Antonie Fallelo. felonious as
ison, Wm. H. Chap salt and battery.
Patrick Dunn, grand| 10..Phillip Hartman,
7, and receiving stolen saul and battery.
11, Edward Hubbard,
illiams, larceny from assault and battery.
ron.
es DistRicT COURT IN ADMIRALTY—Brarcurors, J.—
Opeusat lla m
t. Andenried et al 223. Steelman agt. Richard Heck:
ited States agt. The ster, jr.
ler Thos. Swan. 214. Leayeroft The schoomed
1 agh. The steam-tag Willie Molve.
rh. 215.. Brett agt. Same.
223. Smith agt. Bonan.
OU RT= CIRCE IT==K (30s COUNTY. =D os. 24, 292, 29, 189,
S24, 123, 125, 197, 267, 203, 223, 257. w2, 3. 338, 338,
JMO, 341, 342, 343, 344, 343, Jo, JT, 38, 349, 30, 391, 38,
KG. 37. 354, 369. 260, M1. 63, 363