fUur @rban$ ^rpubtiran.
OFFICIAL JOURNlKTHrUN ITE OST ATES
OfFICIAL JOURNAL* "oF YEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY L« PUB LIU AN
Mir be had of the following dealers
George Ellis, opposite the Postoffice.
A. Simon, No. 94 Exchange Alley.
C C. Haley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. (4. D. Holle, No. til Exchange Place.
•James Ennis, Pontcliartrain Railroad
Depot. Third District; also, at Depot foot
0/ Lafayette Street, First District. I
J YV. Long, corner of Love and Enghien J
Streets. Third District.
Craaeent City News Depot, No. 258 Canal
street, coiner of Howard.
auction sales to-.mokkow.
37 WILLIAM WERKS, Constable Third Justice
Court, at 12 o'clock, at No. 85 Bieuvillle street,
io' of furniture—James Flynn vs. Mnntesque
B. LOUIS STERN k. BROS., at 10 o'clock, at So
IS Chartres street, bOO cases boots, shoes and
liiogana.
B7 SHERIFF SACVINF.T. at 12 o'clock, at Mer
ch.mts anil Auctioneers' Exchange, steaniboat
F olic, her tackle, furniture, etc.—Lewis John
mi vs. Steamboat Frolic.
mi vs.
Local Intelligence.
Broken Bonks. Corporal Kennedy yes
terday found John Gallagher sitting on tiie
liana uette of Girod, near Tchoupitoulas
street one of his legs broken. When ques
t.oned concerning the matter, he made
eras ve replies, only saying that it was done
in a coffeehouse in that neighborhood. He
was scut to the Charity Hospital.
t ;hi.3hands.—W ithin a few months seve
ral unoccupied buildings have been tired in
the Sixth District, under circumstances that
indicated malice or wantonness. Detective
Donne van was instructed to gather facts
concerning this subject, anil by putting
several items together concluded that
trank Lannes, Augustus Venissey. George
Springer and Frank Bourney knew some
thing ot the fires, and therefore arrested
them, making charges of arson.
Recorder Houghton, compelled to go to
Carrollton as a witness in one of the courts,
continued a score or more ot cases from
vesterdav until the eleventh instant.
There are many peculiar signs that
Christmas is not far off. Children are al
ready in gleefull anticipation that Santa
Claus will fill their stockings full of choice
toys, fine presents and candies. Variety
and other stores are arranging their holi
day goods to tempt purchasers.
Late Cars. —It is an unpleasant fact that
the Baronne street lines of cars have ceased
to send out cars at one o'clock A. M. There
was not sufficient travel to warrant tho ex
pense; but why did not the managers ad
vertise that people could be accommodated
at that hour We know several citizens ou
both lines who would gladly use cars instead
of cabs, ard be willing to pay four prices
for seats. There is nothing in the charters
prevent mg the companies charging more
than five cents after midnight. Most all
lines sow start one car at fifteen minutes
after midnight.
Frequenters of Magazine market state
that that place has not been thoroughly
cleaned since the first instant.
I
M.. u «2»o! itan Police Report for No
vlmiekii. 1371.—The Metropolitan police,
during the mouth of November. 1871. ar
rested 2-711 persons for various offenses, of
which 1377 were males and 'ih7 females.
As to the nine precincts the arrests are as
fo..OW-i
j
ales.
I ;o
Kcm-Ues. Total.
2m
10. i
ITS
Fifth prer.net............170 it 2i3
Mxt precinct.............. 81 2> 130
.Seveut'.: precinct....... 75 I 85
■'igi.th pm met....... 55 ii 65
Harbor police............... lift 2 112
Total............. 1*77 *.7 25U
Tii- Mounted police: Sergeant Philip
Taylor arrested thirty-eight persons, of
w licit thirty were males and eight females,
included in the above number.
IJ >ah: to Police Commissioners.— Of
ficer P Gleason, first precinct, insubordina
tion and intoxication. Dismissed the ser
Corporal L. Backus, first precinct, insub
ordination Reduced to the ranks.
Officer I). Harper, second precinct, found
lying down asleep on his heat. Suspended
for tea days.
Officer I). Foote, second precinct, intoxi
cation Dismissed from the force.
officer A. Beauregard, fourth precinct,
found asleep. Suspended for live days.
i: ffieer T. C. Ryan, fourth precinct, under
iuffuence of liquor. Same fine.
l >..at on the Track.— Coroner Creagh
do>s not fail in his duties, having made affi
davits in the following cases:
Before Recorder Houghton he made affi
davit against Joseph Chatelain, driver of
car No. hi. Magazine street line, whom the
Coroner's jury charge with gross negligence
•la muffing over and causing to be mortally
wounded Bridget Burns, aged fifty-seven
years, on the fifth day of December, at the
corner of Camp and Thalia streets, and who
d »d at the Charity Hospital the next day.
Before Recorder Billings, Coroner Creagh
Las barged Peter I). Godfrey, driver of car
No I. Jackson street line, with man
slaughter, in running o\-er and killing Ernest
Roden, aged six years, on the sixth of I)o
comber, ou Jackson street, near Constance.
Bath drivers were remanded ter examina
tion _ ___
Chimin\l Court Judge A 'mil Sev
,.-re .—Charles Martin, who pleaded guilty
to assault and battery on Alice Johnson,
costs or one day in the Pari-ii Prison.
John Ryan and Thomas O'Brien, who
pleaded guilty to assault and battery on
ffieer II. Kompfer, who had arrested Ryan
for stealing, were sentenced to the Parish
Prison for ten days.
L. O. Barnes, who pleaded guilty to car
•jing a concealed weapon, one day in the
Parish Prison.
Lawtvni e, alias Taylor, alias Alexander,
who pleaded guilty of having stolen $100
front Mr. Foureade St. Cyr, which sum was
recovered by Sergeant McCann, was sent
for one year to the State Penitentiary.
The following accused were arraigned,
pleaded not guilty and were released ou
bonds
Henry 15 Steadman, charged with assault
aad battery ou Mrs. Steadman.
Charles Snide,r and Theresa Snider, as
sault and battery.
John Fish and Mortimer Pitard, assault
and battery.
In the case of John Dwyer, convicted of
manslaughter for killiug Dennis McElvany,
at Greenville, on the twenty-seventh of
•September, 1870, the motion for a new trial
was argued by YV. T. Houston, Esq., of
a
ATES
foot
I
J

So
and
counsel Tho Attorney General being ab
sent, the testimony of Dr. Wefelsburg, who
had treated Dwyer for epileptic fits, was
taken, and the further argument of the
case was continued.
The following are the leading eases on the
docket for this week
Monday, December 11—State vs. M. L
Rogers, charged with murder in killing A1
bert Meyers, on Magnolia street, in July
last.
Tuesday. December 12—The watch chain
cases of the Chicago thieves, C. Webster
alias Hilly Kay. and Thomas Ward alias
Smith.
Thursday. December Iff.—State vs. Tim
othy Hays, murder of Thomas Sinnott in
the Tuttersall saloon, on St. Charles street,
in 18G8. Second trial.
The medical commission appointed to ex
amine into the mental condition of I). F.
Lcshinsky, convicted of killing a prisoner,
reports tiiat he is not insane—perhaps a
monomaniac on the subject of Masonry—he
pretending to believe that that organiza
tion is prosecuting him. Judge Abe!'
granted a new trial, fixing the bond at one
thousand dollars.
in
The City Council of C'airoilton has
adopted its license ordinance for next year,
and if her citizens do not find fault with it
probably no one else will. The irregulari
ties are as glaring as a July day. Every
money broker is to pay ten dollars:
every undertaker twenty dollars; every
dry goods, hardware and crockery store
twenty-five dollars; every owner of
pool or roulette gallery the same, and so
on through the list. However, ihere is t.iue
for corrections.
I> Theft .'—The following affidavit
was filed before Recorder McArthur by John
Bachmanu, baker, corner of Bagatelle and
Morales streets:
That one Philip Ray has wrongfully
used, disposed of. concealed, or otherwise
embezzled a certain lottery ticket, of the
Havana Royal Lottery Company, purport
ing to be the half of No. 17,iil7 of daid lot
tery, of the drawing of November 10. 1871,
which had been intrusted to the said Philip
Ray's care, keeping and possession by this
affiant on the sixteenth day of November,
1371. at the residence of said Philip Ray.
No. 19 Main street, and which said lottery
ticket, as above described, was of the value
of five thousand dollars at the time of said
deposit.
The golden sum involved is worth fighting
for. but according to a State law tickets of
all lotteries except the one in this State and
city are unlawful: and a man can not steal
or embezzle an article which the statutes
declare illegal in that sense. Mr. Ray fur
nished bonds in five thousand dollars. Here
is a subject for attorneys to twist until they
are tied up in double bow knots.
Resumed His Position.—M r. James D.
Houston, since his emphatic acquittal has
resumed h'.s position as deputy sheriff in
the Criminal Court. During his absence,
Mr. J. Botil occupied the desk with much
credit. He now returns to the Parish Prison,
not under compulsion, however.
M ike Ma rtin, the picture peddler, was
found dead in his bed yesterday morning,
No. 221 Baronne street, although he retired
in apparent g.mil health. Heart disease
killed him.
Accident. —YVe learn that some time
Friday, while a young man ou Colonel Saw
yeis's plantation was walking over the dog
chain at the 'op of the rollers that crush the
I cane. fell, and striking his head against I
j the side ot the wheel, was caught in the j
rollers, and before the machinery couiil he I
stopped was crushed to pieces in a terrible
manner.
M.-sissii'i-i No. 2.—This fire company,
exempt' and actives, was out on the streets
last night, after electing officers. As there
are so many lond associations connected
with No. 2. there were many invited guests,
and the ranks were swelled up into hun
dred*. After a rather warm election, the
assembly adjourned to Cassidy's restaur
ant and partook of a splendid collation,
the large room being tilled with jolly good
sprits. Some of our solidest men ami best
citizens felt proud to he there, and not a
few ot the older ones grew young again,
just for the night.
At the close a few short, trite speeches
were made, when the company and guests
marched forth, caring little for anything
excepting an alarm of fire at that juncture.
W ith a fine hand of music they serenanded
their friends, not forgettiug the Reiu
L ie: an, and then visited some of their oldest
acquaintances at private dwellings. The
best feeling prevailed from first to last, for
each individual member takes a natural
pride in sustaining its ancient reputation
The following named gentlemen were
chosen officers:
Mr. G. II. Braughn, president; YV. T
Perry, vice president; C. Taylor Gauche
foreman; Dan A. Rose, first assistant; YY7
II. Morgan, second assistant: J. 1>. Cooper'
secretary: J. Mut, Jr., financial secretary:
E. Blessey, treasurer; Tom Maxwell, mar
shal.
Delegates to F ireman's Charitable Asso
ciation—Messrs. Braughn. Otto. Carroll.
Allenet.
There seems to he quite a revival in this
body, and when they are called to duty they
will be as near first as possible.
Ladies' Heurew Charitable Society
The fancy dress anil masquerade ball last
night, iu Odd F'ellows' Hall, was one of the
pleasantest affairs of the kind of the season,
and it is not out of place to say that there
were more dark-eyed beauties congregated
than is the lot pf a man to gaze on more tiian
once in a life time. Mrs. B. Dreyfous
President, may claim favor for the success
of her charge. The music and dancing were
really superb.
Dangerous .Stabbing on Board aShu\—
Corporal Ncvins reports that about a quar
ter paster nine o'clock last night a difficulty
occurred on board the Norwegian bark
Pascida, lying at the foot of Hospital street,
which had just arrived from England, be
tween Zaclutria YY'esdiu, the carpenter, and
a seaman named Adolph Olsen, in which
the former was stabbed in three differ'
ent places, one iu the left breast, one
in the left arm. and another in
the pit of the stomach, with a knife in
the hands of the latter, and which is sup
posed to have been thrown overboard after
the cutting was done. It could not he
ascertained whether the wounds were day
gerous.
The wounded man was sent to the hos
pital in charge of Officer Parker. Olsen
was locked up.
Idleness is no natural propensity of man
kind, for when they are too young for being
tainted by the example of the worthless
they are all activity.
YY'e have now the authority of the Univer
sity of Cambridge lor saying that English
worncu are generally in a state of intel
lectual semi-starvation.
SPIRITUALISM IN NEW ORLEANS.
Hynopsi* of the .'spiritual Lecture Dr
live red iu. Minerva Ilall Laat Sunday
Morning, by Kev. J. M. Peebles, Upon
the Origin and Progress of Spiritual
ism la this and Other Countries.
The lecture was attended by a select au
dience. couvened for the purpose of listen
ing to a discourse by J.' M. Peebles, on
Spiritualism. Owin^ to the inclemency of
the weather, the audience was not large.
The speaker commenced by saying that
this was a remarkable age of the world—an
age of thought, of investigation, ana pro
found scientific research. Men's minds
were reaching out like morning sunbeams,
and the constant inquiry is, "What is
truth in regard to human progress and
human destiny in the future world. Ra
tionally speaking, there was no new truth
under the sun: only our conceptions of truth
are new to us.
Principles were discovered, not created.
This movement in the world called Spirit
ualism is not new. Ancient history abounds
in spiritual cycles of manifestations. Those
religious waves recur at different intervals.
Studying them in connection with modern
spiritual manifestations we find the key to
mystery, magic and the angelic appearings
of the Scriptures. Zoroaster, the Third,
told Cyrus, king of Persia, that he, with the
Magi, could disenthral themselves from
their bodies and converse with the immor
tal gods. Pythagoras and Plato taught
that celestial beings held the guardian care
of mortals. Jesus was a very remarkable
Spiritualist. Jesus selected the twelve
Apostles because they were mediums pos
sessed of wonderful spiritual gifts. Phe
nomena and signs followed, not only the
Apostles and first martyrs, but the early
Christain fathers. Constantine, who nation
alized Christianity, saw the form of the
cross in the heavens; Savonarola prophesied;
Tasso hoard spirit voices; Joan of Arc had
visions Louis XY I.. noblest of all the Bour
bons saw a female figure, clothed iu white,
enter his dungeon—a warning of liis sad
fate; the YY'esley family had astounding
spiritual manifestations; Ann Lee had vis
ions and the gift of tongues; Baron Sweden
I) rg held converse with spirits, angels and
•'the Lord twenty-seven years of his life;
A J. Davis, elairvoyantly. and the Shakers
in vision, foretold the coming of the present
spiritual wave that was to flow like a
mighty river over the face of all the earth.
"Coming events." says the poet, "cast
their shadows before. It has been said
that Swendenborg. previous to his death in
1772, declared that iu about eighty years
there would remarkable events of a spirit
1
of
I
j
I
ual nature occur on the earth. The years
of the vision ended in I <52. In 183(i a youth
of Fredonia. New York, fell into m deep, un
conscious trance. YY'hile in this state the
controlling intelligence referred to a won
derful book that would soon he published,
the origin of which would he quite as start
ling as the content-. The sequel proved
that the spirit referred to A. J. Davis'
"Nature's Divine Revelations."
In 1835. and a few years following, YY'il
iiaui Miller became thoroughly impressed
that an impending change was rapidly ap
proaching iu regard to spiritual things. It
was denominated "Millerism," and among
its tenets was the enunciation that the
world would be destroyed in 1843. Some of
Miller's prophecies were fulfilleu. But he
mistook the world— Knstnos —for the world
of theological creeds and uarrow churchai
dogmas. In this same year the seer. A. J.
Davis, went into a trance or high clair
voyant condition, during which his future
spiritualistic course ay as largely indicated.
At this period hosts of immortalized
spirits visited, as they had before done, the
various Shaker communities in America,
controliug the members of this order, giving
strange vet beautiful spiritual communica
tions. The Shakers ha\ r e these communi
cations and prophecies in voluminous
manuscript form. The spirits entraneing
the mediums in the Shaker communities
informed the elders and the ministry that
the "seals were soon to be loosed." and
these spiritual manifestations were to go
out into the world, enlightening all the
nations of the earth upon the subject of im
mortality. Ou December ii. 18pi. anil some
two or t hree years before, the word had
been breathed of what was afterward
known as the "Rochester Tappings." A. J.
Davis stated, and it so stands recorded in
his revelation*, that spirits were about to
hold tangible communion witli the in
habitants of earth. These were iiis words:
"It is a truth that the spirits of the higher
spheres commune with persons in the body
by infiu\. although they are unconscious of
the fact. This truth will, ere long, present
itself in the form of a living demonstra
tion. And the world will hail
with delight the ushering in of the era."
These were "shadows," or premonitions
and prophecies of the spiritual dispensa
tion, which, from tiie invisible world, be
came signally visible and tangible in
Hydesville, YY'estern New York, known as
the "Rochester knockings."
When the clergy, and ourself among the
rest, heard of these vrierd spirit manifesta
tions. Yve laughed the thiug to scorn: aye.
more, we wagged our saintly head® as did
the proud Pharisees at the crucifixion of
Jesus, and said that the whole affair was
collusion aud delusion—toe joints and
trickery, psychology aud magnetism—-and I
the whole matter must be put down. For I
this consummation we devoutly prayed.
But the work, whether demoniac or angelic,
moved on: neither prayers, pulpits nor
public opinion iu anyway checked its
progress.
True, the beginning was minute, like
F'runkliu's string aud kite, ultimating in
those magic cables that now girdle tin
globe, minute, like Arkwright's cog in flu
wheel, resulting in the screw steamers that
now whiten oceans with their commercial
cargoes minute, like the telegraphic tick
ings that Hash news to all lands: minute,
like Newton's falling apple that revealed
llie marvelous law of gravitation: minute,
like Jesus' birth in that Judean manger.
preluding the cross before which millions
How true, that from the
now in reverence
smallest events frequently How the grandest
results. Scientists, without an Jiour's in
vestigation. pronounced the rappings "a
humbug.'' Iti doing this, however, they
put themselves upon an equality with
parrots in their cages. It is admitted that
these rapping sounds were but the alphabet
leading to the re-opening of the "hook of
life." Alphaliets, however, are necessary
in God's methods of education. Spirit is
potent. YY'herever there w-as a motion,
there was mind or spirit force connected
therewith as the motive power.
Consider the progress. It is now only
some twenty-three years since the daAvn of
those gentle tappings that summoned secu
larism and sectarisnis to judgment. It was
the voice of God through angels and minis
tering spirits. Defining Spiritualism to
mean belief in the holding ot conscious in
tercourse with the denizens ot the spirit
world, and Judge Edmond's estimate of
eleven millions was undoubtedly under
rather than over the actual number, as
figures would show were an exact census
possible.
Spiritualism, said the speakf r. was the
rising star of progress. Its banner floated
to-day beneath all skies. The movement
was not local, nor national, hut decidedly
cosmopolitan. It flourished the most vigor
ous upon intelligent soil. The ignorant and
fanatical believed in witches and wizards,
hells and devils, and other theological
trumpery brought down from a dim. pa
ganized past. Spiritualists believed in the
necessity of critical investigation, and ac
cepted nothing that did not accord with
•eason and the due exercise of the highest
udgment. There were multitudes of Spir
itualists, said the speaker, iu the popular
urches. He mentioned several distin
guished clergymen who were firm believers
m vision, trance, prophecy, and other forms
of present spiritual manifestations. Some
of these were too cowardly, however, to
publicly express their full convictions upon
this momentous subject. If might, just for
the time being, jeopardize their salaries.
"Henry Ward Beecher." says the Louisville
Courier-Journal, "continues to make stump
speeches iu Brooklyn. New York, at the
pitiable price or salary of $20,000 a year."
This hardly becomes the followers of'"Him
who had not where to lay rds head."
After speaking further of the progress of
Spiritualism in this country, mentioning the
yearly national association, annual State
conventions, societies, children's lyeeums
and several flourishing periodicals, such as
the ltanner of bight, American Spiritualist,
etc., he said, referring to other countries,
that London published six journals devoted
to Spiritualism, viz: Unman Nature. Spir
itual Magazine, Medium and Daybreak, Lon
jIau Cii■* I■ I. •*f 11,, A— .1
I'.
lie,
of
of
and
to
ma.
don Spiritualist The Spiritual" Neirs, and by
Christian Spiritualist. Spain printed four
Spiritualist periodicals. France three, fordid
previous to the war). Italy one. Sicily'one,
Hungary one, Brazil one. Australia one—the
Harbinger of Light —and Germany several,
treating of Spiritualism under the heading
of Psychology.
While in London, last July, be accompa
nied C. Constant. Esq., (from Smyrnai, to
the residence of Wiliiaui Crooks, F. R. S.,
to see his apparatus for experimenting upon
the forces connected with physical medium
ship. This gentleman from the East, a firm
Spiritualist, is gathering material, designing
to publish a large volume upon his return to
Asia Minor, embodying the teachings of
Spiritualism in the Armenian language.
While traveling upon the continent and in
the East, some three years since, the speaker
met Spiritualists anil attended seances in
Florence. Naples, Messina. Athens. Constan
tinople. Smyrna, aud other localities.
Spiritualism iu no way conflicted with the
higher inspirations of past Biblical teach
ings or the divine truths uttered by Jesus
and the apostles. On the Mount Jesus held
intercourse with the spirits of Moses and
Elias. The early Christians retained their
spiritual gifts for over three hundred years
after the ascension. It is the spirit that
giveth life. The Scriptures are full of vi
sions. dreams, prophesies, trances and mar
wloiis gilts. And as neither God nor His
laws have changed, these tilings may—these
signs, gifts ami manifestations do—s-xist in
the present. In fact. Jesus said: "These
signs shall follow' them that believe." And
again: Lo 1 I am with you always."
Eighteen years of earnest and critical in ves
tigations of these spiritual marvels in this
country, in Europe, iu Smyrna. Scutari.
Constantinople and other portions of the
East had rewarded the speaker with the
blessed knowledge ot immortality. 1'aui
enjoined the men of his time to" add to
their faith knowledge." This is the charge.
1 said he. I give to gnu.
Houses and homes, wealth and fame were
mutable. The body was perishable. The
spirit iu it was tiie real man. The bones in
the human temple may be considered the
main timbers: the blood the watery ele
ment: the head the topmost story: the eyes
the windows; while back behind these walls
of flesh, blood, bones and nerves, the con
scious immortal man lived, reasoned and
arranged all plans of ae ion. Death sev
ered the copartnership between the body
and the spiritual man. Earth returns to its
earth. The spirit is free to roam space, re
turning at will to the loved ones of earth.
Memory is eternal. Love is a bud that
opens on earth to bloom forever in the hot
ter land. These beautiful truths of Spirit
ualism brush away the mourners' tears;
give the sweetest answer to prayer; inspire
to the loftiest efforts, aud bring the peace
and joy of the heavenly life down to earth.
__ Those who accept the divine principles of
Spiritualism, and live iu them, enjoy that
peace "which flows like a river." The most
advanced Spiritualists had as yet but just
entered the vestibule of the grand temple.
They are yet to have their day of Pentecost.
Emma Harding Britton, in referring to this
spiritual movement, said inspirationally
"Can we come to any other conclusion
than that this Pentecostal day is t<> lead to
the coming of a second Messiah He is not
yet in our midst; we are only listening to
the voices crying in the wilderness. These
voices come to us in the form of a spiritual
science. But I do know that the baptism
of fire is yet awaiting us, when we shall he
found worthy. Fire consumes, but it does
not annihilate: it change®, but does not
destroy."
The church spiritual of the future would
he both religious and scientific. Love
would be its baptism, aud the "fruits ot
the spirit.'*pcaee. purity, and "all things in
common" its daily eueharist. Then exhort
ing the spiritualists to energy, enthusiasm,
ami a more thorough consecration to their
principles, he announced the subject for the
evening—"the doctrines and tendencies of
Spiritualism."
I
I
THE UUlKTs.
Tiie Supreme Court has now under ad
visement the ease of the Bossier Board of
School Directors against the Auditor, ap
pealed by the Governor from the Eighth
District Court.
A devolutive appeal has been granted
from the judgment tendered in tlie Eighth
District Court in the School of Medicine
case, on application of the Merchants' Iu
surauce Company.
In the Sixth District Court suit lias been
brought against the Germania Life Insur
ance Company by Catherine, wife of John
Hath, tor $looo. Petitioner claims that on
the fourteenth of February. 1370. the com
pany entered into a contract of insurance
with Nicholas Jaquillard to insure the life
of the latter for the term of life upon the
payment of the annual premium of thirty
nine dollars aud seventy cent# for the suiu of
1000
The premium was duly paid aud the
policy executed. >u the sixteenth of Att
gnst. !>71. Jaquillard transferred to his
si-ter. Catherine Hath, all his right in the
policy, of which the company was notified.
Jaquillard died in September last, and
proof ot his demise w as made to Philip 1).
Mayer, agent of the company, who has re
fused to pay tho $1000.
F. J. Pratt, late president of the Slaugh
ferhouse Company, was brought into tiie
Sixth District Court by attachment to tes
tify in the suit of Durbridge against the
company for a stated number of shares of
stock.
AMUSEMENTS.
The Opera House.
This evening will lie tbe first night of
Attains' iq.i-ra ".Si J'eta is Rui." The artistes
ot the French Opera Company never fail to
give a aood entertainment'
St. Charles Theatre.
This evening, of all the nights in tiie year,
is selected for a complimentary benefit to Mr.
P. Gleason, the polite, competent and at
tentive treasurer of the St. Charles Theatre.
The programme announced is "Cheek
mate," "His Last Legs and "Toodles." A
rare combination of talent will appear on
the stage, such as the Chapman sisters, as
sisted by Mr. E. A. Locke, Mr. John Col
lins. the Irish comedian, and Mr. Hen
DelJar. Miss Jane Coombs closed her pleas
ant engagement last night. The Chapman
sisters commence an engagement to-tuor
row evening for one week.
Arndeiny of Muslr.
The matinee at the Acailaiuy yesterday
was finely attended, and the house was foil
lroiit top to bottom. This evening Mrs. D.
I'. Lowers and Mr. J. C. McCollum will ap
pear iti a great double bill. Lueretia Bor
gia and Katherine and Petracbio" will
lie, presented. To-morrow evening, for the
first time in New Orleans. Haltiday's his
torical and spectacular drama. "Amy Rob
sart. New appointments, new costumes,
new and gorgeous scenery, and new mechan
ical effects. In the drama of Amy Rob
sart.' Mrs. Bowers appears as Ann/ lialtsart
and Mr. J. C. McCollum as Earl at Lieees
tcr.
Y'nrielies Theatre.
Tbe first Saturday matinee at the Y'arie
ties Theatre was a perfect success, and the
management had cause to be proud of the
audience, both as to numbers and respecta
bility. This evening there will be no per
formance at the Y'arieties. To morrow eve
ning will he the first appearance this season
of Mr. John E. Owens, one of the most dis
tinguished comedians oil the stage, and a
special favorite in New Orleans. "Every
body's Friend" anil "Solon Shingle" will l>e
presented, with Mr. Owens as Major dr
lloots and Solan Shingle. Matinee every
YY'ednesda.v and Saturday. The first week
of the Y'arieties has proved quite a success,
and under the management of Mr. Law
rence Barrett, the business will naturally
increase.
"Oh. Tommy, that was abominable in yon
to eat your little sister's share of the cake."
"Why." said Tommy, "didn't you tell me.
ma. that I was always to take her part
Iu Hartford it is one of the duties of the
police force to return truants to school, and
during the past two months they report the
return of four hundred and tittv truants.
Little girls in Germany work for doll
manufacturers and taxidermists, and earn
money by making eyes: little girls else
where "make faces." and do it for nothing.
A Missourian, treed by a bear, caused the
beast to desist from chewing his left leg off'
by sprinkling salt in his eyes.
ON CARONDKI.ET hthkkt.
Cotton winds up the notes of the week in
an orchestral accompaniment to New
York—all pieces engaged. The better con
dition which closed that market yesterday
was echoed here in large sales made when
prices were already about to bound upward,
and, consequently, transacted at a disad
vantage to buyers. Some sales were ope
rated only under an eighth advance beyond
Friday. None were made lower than on
that day. and it is deemed by cotton wisea
cres that we are in the midst of another
"spasmodic shoot." from which the smoke
will soon clear away.
Gold is again on the ascent, and is here
rising beyond the range of 110. Among
financial men the illness of the Prince of
Y\ ales was still the topic of discussion, but
the current of opinion ap|K-ared to settle
down into the belief that not much of aeon
fusion would result in the event of his de
mise. The English people are not so easily
moved into a civil melee as iu France, and
from,a strong government to a condition of
chaos there is more than a single step. Such
are the conclusions reached by those who
are deeply interested in the stability of the
government aud hence the security of its
securities.
Domestic exchange contains none of the
elements of variation. During the week it
has been steady as a liberty pole.
Foreign bas ceased to show the first ele
ments of oscillation, and is untouched by
foreign advices, upon the truth of which
gold and solid securities hang in great sus
jK'nse.
There :s a growing impression that the
day o: fancy stocks has waned. The busi
ness in the mi has played out. The last
agony ot this branch of brokerage was
when Levee stock went down into the
shades of $2 50, and "the big disgust" which
reigned in the bosoms of speculators then
has not ceased to operate since.
The fancies are all going to the wall, if
they have not arrived at that destination
before, and deep as the pocket may be it
can not carry these now without loss. Is it
not rational to suppose that stocks which
provide no security against "watering."that
are not numbered nor checked off', aud
which can he transferred without access to
the books, should depreciate whi n the pa
per mill no longer "plies its avocation
Improvement companies by the score,
with canal and timber facilities, as well as
emigration companies, are already dead.
It is scarcely possible that "outsiders,"
upon whom the brokers live, and whose
orders they expect to till, should become
disgusted and tail to see any interest in
such dealings. The market is growing
duller by the day. Only Slaughterhouse,
Mississippi and Mexican Gulf, and Am
monia, are ever spoken of or alluded to.
Even in these, orders are filled quietly aud
without ostentation, while the chorus of
light stocks are mersed in a background
shadow, out of which nothing hut an act
of the Legislature giving them -State aid
will ever rescue them—alive.
Slaughterhouse improves. 572 shares sell
ing yesterday at $13 STh. In small
amounts it could not he had less than $20.
The late application for appeal has weighed
down Mississippi Wiley Navigation stock
to n:;. and buyers of this stock were scarce.
There were no sales at the Board of
Brokers last evening. The offerings aud
bids were as follows:
bids were as follows:
Asked. Bid.
field............................ lie l.-u.
anroad Company.......
ans Gaslight Company
.a.lufht t'ouipanv
City Slaughter Horn*
Mill in Z
65 50
172 50
34 (H.
146 00
rinaiuu Nstieual Bank
lisiana National Batik
ion National Bank.........
New Orleans National Banking
Association
Mechanics ami Tiade-.s' Bank.
Bank of Amt-i iea.......
Canal Bank...................
Merchants Bank
Hibernia Bank
Lafayette Bunk
Louisiana Savings Bank ami Sale
Deposit Company..........
New Orleans. Jaekson ami Grea
Northern Railroad Company
New Orleans Citv Railroad Com
pan;...........................
Orleans R
New Orle:
Barharin
Crescent
Compi
Calcasieu Sulphur am
Company (#25 paid,.......
Sugar Shed Company.............
Ammonia Propelling t'ouipanv...
Nt U'liailes Hotel
Opera Hoh.-o* Association........
Mississippi Valley Navigation
Company.....
New Orleans Wrecking and
Salvage Company...........
Jaekson Railroad first mortgage
bonds.....................
Canal and Claiborne Railroad
first mortgage bonds......
City five per ci nt Waterworks
bonds......................
City ten per cent bonds. 1871
City ot Jederson eight pel ten:
bonds.........
City wharf bonds.................
Buyers' option, sixty days, fiat.
Pantomime nl the Aratlrmy.
The Abbott Pantomime Company will
follow Mrs. Bowers at the Academy of
Music, anti commence an engagement there
Monday evening of next week. The "Three
Hunchbacks" will he the initial entertain
ment. with Charles Abbott as Simple Simon.
presenting to the public acrobatic feats,
startling transformations, and a fine exhibi
tion of the Moe brothers on the parlor
skates. Tiie St. Louis Democrat says of the
Olympic Theatre there:
The presence of pantomime is suggestive
of the holidays, when good nature prevails
and fun reigns supreme. Harlequin. Panta
loon and Chum are inseparable from Christ
mas good things. One laughs at them just
as forefathers laughed at "Punch aud Judy,"
those little creatures who were forever in
dulging iu mischief which produced such a
horrid knocking of heads together, and
long, deep-voiced prayers and admonitions
of the choked little clergyman. Boys and
girls, grown tall, enjoy to the full the queer
antics of tiie clown and the laughter of
Panlahton. The wonderful evolutions of
Harlequin and Columbine are always re
ceived with applause, and in fact there is
little in the exhibition which doe® not pro
mote mirth
The Temperature.
The thermometer at Louis Frigerio's.
No. dO Chartres street, stood yesterday as
follow.-.: At 3 A. M..55 at '3 P. M., 65 at
P. M.. ft) Lowest point during the
night of December 3. 52 7
Moody's Y'n roim.s. —That merit will
tell was never better illustrated than by
the great victories gained by Colonel 3. N.
Moody at tiie late State fair. YY'itli the
competition that he had there, nothing but
honest merit could have carried off the ten
first premiums. His goods were most beau
tiful. that's a fact, and comprised the
whole line required by either man or hoy.
no matter what their rank or what mav be
their taste Colonel Moody's experience iu
the business was so great that he could not
fail, while his care all la.-t summer had
been specially bestowed with a view to the
campaign this winter. And we will venture
to say that few cities in the world tan
boast of a store where a better stock could
be found, let it be in the matter of under
garments, cravats or kid gloves. By the
by, he is advertising a large lot of real
Jouviu gloves at greatly reduced pric.s
to-day. Here is a chance for a bargain.
Ebenezer Shaw and his four hundred de
scendants celebrated bis one hundredth
birthday in Pennsylvania la3t week.
r
SPECIAL NOTICES
Notice.— An adjourned meeting of the Beard or
School Dirt flora for the city of New Orleans will
held ou MONDAY, tbe eleventh instant, at 2
P. M., in the Council Cliamlwr. City Hall.
WILLIAM ROLLINSON, Secre tarv
New Orleans, December 9, 1971. delO It
Ofllre Alotunl AM find Benevolent Life
Insurance Association of Louisiana, No. 120 Caron
delet street, New Orleans, December 12, 1871.—
Members of this association are hereby notified of
tlie deatli of C. W. West, wlio died ill Ibis city Ail
gust 4. 1871, Jacob Htihuer. who died in this city
August 20, 1871, Margaret Dinkel, wlio died in this
city August 22, 1871. and Kittson New love, who
died in this city September 6. 1871, aud are railed
upon to come forward without further notiee and
pay at the office of the association, 120 Carondelet
street, #1 2.5 on each, on or is-lore 4 P. M.. January
fifteenth, 1872. K. W. YOUNG. Secretary
deli) Id
Algiers Catholic Church. -Ti e drawing of
prizes ou the third instant resulted as follows:
Winning numbers—69, 3072. 898 751, 7.1 1:176 441
666. 3006. 65ll, 3247, 249, 534, 2131) 4254 2041.636 1733
2912. 2257, 2980. 3500, 3214, 157, 248:, 405. 1114, 143, 4625,
2504, 876, 312, 4709. Unless th« prizes are called tor
»u or lie lb re the eighth f Fehreai v next they will
be forfeited for Hie benefit of the church, deioit
Notice.— Knights of Syria, Enterprise Lodge
No. 1, Herein he! 10, 1871—A regular and special
meeting will he held at the lodge room. No. 94 Kx
change alley, next THURSDAY EVENING at seven
o'clock. Ah members are requested to Is- punctual
as business of importance will be presented B\
order of L. B. WAKEMAN, W.'c
Lies A. PllATT, R. S. delO 31
pirituulism. Rev. J. M. Peebles lectures in
Minerva Hall. Clio street, THIS MORNING aud
EVENING. Sullied in tbe morning: -Inspiration
it Circles, the N. thre of Mediumship" etc'
ject in the evening: What will it Profit a Mail
if he Gam the Whole World and Lose hisown Soul
Billie. Services at eleven o'clock A. M and seven
lb k P. M. _ delO It
The Louisiana National Bank. New Or
leans. December 9, 1871.—The annua! election f-r
Directors to serve tneensuing year will tie held at
the hanking house oil TUESDAY. Januarv 9, 1872
lie'ween the hours of 10 A. M. aud 2 P M
ln 1 _A. LUR'A,'Cashier.
.Metropolitan Loan, Savings and Pledge
Bank. New Orleans, November 10, 1871.—Notice is
hereby given that an election will lie liehl by the
stockholders of this Bank, at tlfe banking house
on MONDAY, the eleventh day of Deeemlier 187l'
bet ween the hours of III A. Mi and 4 P M., for nine
Directors to serve for the eDsuing year
noil cod I m T. D. VAN HORN, Cashier.
D. VAN HORN, Cashier.
Offlee Ylissississippi Valley Nnvignrion
Company or the South and West. No. lo Caromlelet
street. Deeemlier 8, 1871 —In conformity with the
terms of the ninth article of the charter, the an
t,, m election for Oireetors. to serve f-#r lie ensuing
will be held on the THIUI) MONDAY OP I>fc
ChMIShK, eighteenth instant, between the lioura
ot 9 A. M. ami 3 1*. M.. at the office of the company.
_ C'. R. BENTON, Serietarv.
Metropolitan Loan, Savings and Pledge
Bank, No. 14 Camp street, under City Ho
tel,. New Orleans. D. e-ember 8, 1871.—At a meet
of the Board of Directors, h Id tlusdav, a divi
dend ot MY'K PER CENT was declared out of the
net earnings of the institution for the three months
terminating Novembei 30,1871.
<le9 codim T. D. VAN HORN. Cashier.
OtHre New Orleans f||> Hnilrond Coin.
any. hew Orleans, December 6. 1871.—The annual
election for twelve directors of this comnauy, to
serve during the ensuing year, w ill la- held at' this
office on the third Monday- of Deeemlier, eb'hteentli
instant, between the hours of 11 A. M. aud 2 P. M.
de~ l»t WILLIAM P. SINNOTT, Secretary.
Office New Orlcnna Credit Fonder A*-*
sonatina. New Orleans. November 29, 1871.—At a
regular meeting of this association, held at this
date, the following gentlemen were elected officers:
President, J. A. Fernandez; Secretary, Alford Satt
hd. defi lm
The People's Bank, New Orleans. .N'o
•ni'.a-r 28, 1871.—The stockholders of this hank
having consented to an amendment tn the charter
to increase the stock from two hundred thousand
to the sum of three hundred thousand dollars, as
n I'ommeuded by the Board of Directors uncer flic
eighth article of I he charter, they are hereby
notified that the subscription list 'for the addi
tional stock is now open at the banking house, and
will remain open for sixty days from this date.
The subscriptions to the new stock should be paid
iu lull before tbe firs' day of February next.
Extract from Article VIII. of the Charter.j
And within which time stockholders -hall have
the privilege of taking additional shares, iu pro
portion to the number of shares held by them re
spectively: and shares not taken al the expiration
of said time may Is- sold bv the Board of Directors,
at not less tnan par, for the beuefi; ot the eorpoia
fun.
Bv order of the Board.
!U>29 de'> 13 211
R. M. DAY
'resident.
Notice. —StockholilcMof the Cuba ami Louisiana
Milling atnl Paving art- lierebv nolirieil
that an election lor ilirecto a will lie hold at tbe
Office of the company. No. 13 St. Hilaries street, on
Monday. January 1, 1372,from twelve to two o'clock.
de5 J. R. HASTINGS. Secretary.
Southern Bank. New Orleans. November
a* 1 1371—An election for six directors of this bank,
to serve the ensuing year, will he held at its bank
ing bouse, on WEDNESDAY. December 13, 1)71
from 12 M„ to 1 P. M. LIVAl DAIS, Cashier.
dc2 tl3
Office of Louisiana Levee Company. No.
33 Carondelet street.—Notice is hereby given that
Tiie stoek hook of this company .will be dosed for
transfers on December 11, that an. expression of
bona ride stockholders may be given to proposed
modifications of the articles of association at flic
meeting of October 12.
Bv order of the President.
tio.Hl lot TH. I. DIX. Secretary.
Notice.— Carondelet street and Carrollton City
Railroad Company, oflice No. 12 Carondelet street.
New nh-aus, November 28. 1371.—Subscribers
to the capital stoek of this company are
hereby uotitied that the eighth installmeiit of tvn
per cent w ill 1** due and payable at the oflice of the
eompanv, uu FRIDAY, Let-ember 1. 1871.
By oruer of the Board of Directors.
no28 li»t CHARLES W. StJUTRES, Secretary.
Office of the IzOiiiMinnit l.evee Compnny,
No. Carondelet street.—Pursuant to a resolution*
adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors
held on the twenty-second instant, a meeting of
tbe stockholders of the Louisiana Levee Company
"ill be held at the office of the comnauy on
TUESDAY, December 12. at 7 P. M., for the purpose
of acting on a proposition to reduce the capital
stock of the company and the par value thereof,
and for making such other modifications and addi
tions to the articles of association as may be deter
mined on. THOMAS DIX,
no23 Til Secretary.
Batchelor's Hair Bye*— This superb hair
dye is the best in the world—perfectly harmless,
reliable and uutantaueous; no disappointment; no
ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor. The genuine
William A. Batchelor's hair dye produces immedi
ately a splendid black or natuta! brown; leaves
the hair clean, soft, beautiful; does not con
tain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all druggists. Factory, No. ib Bond street,
New York. jyl3 ly
New York. jyl3 ly
POLITICAL NOTICES.
Vinlh Word Republican*.— H ill Ninth
W ard Radical Republican Mother Hub, Scyv Or
leans, Wednesday evening, December 6, 1871.—At a
large and enthusiastie meeting of the above club,
called for tbe purpose of bolding ail election for
officers of the same, the following resolutions
were, after the eleetiou of officers, unanimously
adopted;
w hekras. The election of the Hon P. R S Pinch
back to the iMisition of Lieutenant Governor at the
present political crisis of the Republican party ir.
tins State, i:: opposition to the combination formed
by the so-called Republicans and tin* Democracy,
furnishes another instance of the wisdom ami pa
triotism of his Excellency Governor II War
moth, and the Republican Senators who have stood
by him in defense of the rights of a class com
posing the majority of tiie Republican party m
this State, to the discomfiture of an unprin< iple<l
set of political y ipers who, for tl.e past eighteen
months, have been suekiug the life blood of the
party by circulating calumnies, slanders and false
hoods aga-iusi the leading members of the same:
be it
Resolved, That the thanks of this club are hereby
tendered to his Excellent'
moth, aud to the Senators yy
silenced forever the slander
fore referred to. and we do
individually and collective]
iiis efforts to maintain the
the Republican party.
Resolved, That iu Lieutenant Governor P. B.
S. Pinch back yvc recognize a talented, courageous
and competent lead r of the Republican part l ai d
a true friend and unflinching advocu
or the race to Yvhicli he belongs.
Resolved, That the toreguiug be publi
Nrvv Orleans Republican and the Louis.
W. i\ KINSELLA I
K. W. Pa i t., Assistant Secretary.
Special Meeting. —The Republican State iVi
tral Executive Committee will me. r at the Sen*:*
Chamber. Mechanics' Institute, at II A. M. THIS
DA\. A full attendance is requested
_ P- I'INi HIJACK, President.
J. »y L ukfax, Coiresponding Secretary
y Gi.venioi
II. C.
Wai
ho have by
t heir
'otes.
out* coin bin;
turn h
•reto
hereby pb ci
o ii
-.Vtfi
y f o stand 1
v him
in all I
integrity a
id ui.
•y of
i>f the r.gbts
cd in t>e
la n.
esident.
I
1
j
I

1

CONSTABLES' SALES.
Thomas AIcArdle, Agent, vs. Air. anil *lr».
Liicoste First Justice Court for tfie pansn ui
Orleans, No. 24 :u.
B Y VIRTUE OF a' WRIT OF FIERT FACTA® M
me directed by the Hon. H. M. Dibble Fust
leu i
stu
•f the Pea
I YVll
aivln
ami for tlie
Hell at public aurtion. a*
r .Julia Htrtet, on MwXDAY
December 18, 1371, at 12 M.—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE
Siezed in the above ent.tied suit, a per inventor-.
OU file iu my office.
Terms—Cash ou the spot.
del* 1313 _ DANIEL CROWLEY. Constable
J. Mni-linils vs. .Air. anal Airs. Kiluinrtin
First Justice Court tor the parish of Orleans
No. 2413.
VIRTUE OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS
to me directed bv the Hon. H. M. Dibble
First Justice of the Peace in aud tor the punsh of
Orleans, I will proceed to sell at public auction
at my warehouse, No. 139 Julia street, on MONDAY
December 18, 1871. at 12 H.—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.
Seized in the above entitled suit, as per inventory
on file at my office.
Terms—Cash ou the spot
de9 13 18 DANIEL CROWLEY. Constable.

B Y
or
2
of
of
OFFICIAL notices.
NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF WHARF
BONDS.
DiPAKTamrr op Pisano*,
City Hall. New Orleans. December 6, 1871.
S KY LED PROPOSALS WILL BB RECEIVED AT
this office until SATURDAY, the sixteenth
instaift, at eleven c r ock A. M.. for the sale to the
city of seven Wharf Improvement Bonds.
The city reserves the right to reject any and all
proposals. JOHN 8. WALTON,
di-6 ff>t Administrator of Finance.
CANCELLATION OF BOND.
LoniSIANA,
artment,
er 15, 1871.
Stat* op Louisiana, J
Executive Depar
New Orleans. November
W HBRBAS. APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADI
tn me tor the cancellation of the official bonds
ot R. M. Montgomery, as Auctioneer iu aud for the
parish of Orleans, to wit Two bonds dated re
spectively August 21, 1853, anil February 3, 1861,
signed bv R. M. Montgomery as principal, and Wil
liam Barnes and Henry Passman as sureties: and
two bonds dated respectively February 1, 1865, and
ami March 13, 1866 aigued by K, M. Montgomery as
principal, and Wil iam Barnes and D. L. Shearer as
sureties, and a boinl dated June 21. 1867, signed by
R. 31 Montgomery as principal, and William Barnes
and J. H. He Grange as sureties; each of the afore
said bonds iu the sum of ten thousand dollars;
and each being conditioned for tbe faithful per
formance by tne said U. M Montgomery of hia
duties as Auctioneer aforesaid.
Notice is hereby given toall persons interested in
the said bonds to file their objections to the cancel
lation thereof, iu writing, iu the office of the Secre
tary of State, within ninety days after the laat pub
lication hereof.
Giveu under my hand and the sea! of the State,
this fifteenth day of November A. D. 1871, and ot
the independence of the United States tbe ninety
sixth.
By the Governor H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. Faikpax, Assistant Secretary of State.
nolT 30t
NOTICE TO PAINTER*.
Dkpaktsikxt op Fisa.vok,
New Orleans, December 7, 1871. J
S EALED PROPOSALS WILL BE RECEIVED AT
ti is office until WEDNESDAY, the thirteenth
nstant at eleven o'clock A M to furnish, paiat
and stamp license plates for vehicles for 1872, in
accordam-e wi'h specifications which can be had
on application to this office.
The city reserves the right to reject any and all
bids.
All parties making proposals for this Contract are
required to deposit with the Administrator of Fi
nance. as evidence of tlieir intention to abide bv
the adjudication, the amount of one hundred
dollars in cash, which shall be forfeited to the
city in case of failure to sign the contract.
Bidders to whom contract is not awarded shall
have their deposits returned to them ou the day
tie- wljucicatiou is made.
No bid will he received unless ac companied by
the certificate ot the Administrator of Finance
certifying that the required cash deposit has
been made.
The b-iider to nliom this contract is awarded
will tie .required to furnish bonds to tbe amount of
one thousand dollars as security for the faithful
performance of his contract.
JOHN S. WALTON,
dt-8 6f Administrator of Finance.
PROPOSAL*.
Orate* Board op .Stats Ebgi.vrrrs,
New Orleans, Deeemlier 1,1871.
T O CONTRACTORS AND PLANTERS: FROM A
corrt'MpoiMlnite bet yi pen the Commission of
Levee Engineers and the Governor, it appears
that the Leuiniana Levee Company 1* not pre
pared to build all tbe levees necessary to pro
tect the State from OY-ertlow, aud the Governor
Laving directed us to protect the State, if possible,
Yve. by his directions, ask for proposals to build tbo
levees iu the Mate, ueoeasary for protection, uot
already com mem -d under auspices of the Levee
Company, upon the condition that we will issue
certiiieates of indebted ness, to be paid by the Levee
Company or the State, as the Legislature may de
cide. We therefore invite sealed proposals up to
tbe eleventh d*y of December, for auy aud every
levee work needed to protect the country iron
overflow upon tbe terms mentioned
M. JkFF THOMPSON,
WILLIAM J. HATCH.
F. K. DUMAS,
<te2 9t Board of State'Engineers.
NOTICE.
UrriT ed Status La.vd Officb,
NVyv Orleans. November 28. 1871. f
C IOMPLAINT HAVING BEEN ENTERED AT THIS
t oflice by Joseph Estrat against Thomas Piuk
nev and Alexander.Johnsou Ibr abandoning their
homestead entiles, numbers six bundled aud sixty
and live hundred and forty-six. dated March 19 and
February I, 18G9, upon tbe east half of northeast
quarter section nineteen, and west li ilf of north
west quarter section twenty, township number
eight south, range number thirteen east, iu St.
Tammany parish. Louisiana, with a view' to the
cancellation of said entries, the said parties are
hereby summoned to appear at this office on the
tYY'enty-ninth »1av of Deeemlier, 1871, at one o'clock
P. M., to respond and furuisli testimony concern
ing said alleged abandonment.
CHARLES BARNARD, Register.
nr>29 4w W. H. HYATT. Receiver.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE STATE OF LOUISIANA.
SEVENTH DISTRTty COURT FOR THE PARISH
OF ORLEANS—NO. 9139.
I N THE MATTER OF THE COMMISSIONERS OF
th« Fir it Draiuinj{.l)iatiict.vra.Vug for a decree,
etc. Petition of the e;ti ami Aiiuiuistiatora of
New Orleaus, praying for the Lfiuiologatiuu of the
aases9meut roll for Haul district.
OKDKK.
Upon the filing of the assessment roll showing
the amounts due liy the persons and proiertv as
sessed in the First Draining District, within the
parish ot Orleans, from the second to the tentn an
uual installment lurtusire, and upon the- petition
ot the city aud Administrators u8' New Orleans
charged with the collection of said amounts and
the management of the affairs of said district, it is
ordered, that all persons w-liom it may concern do
show cause, if an -they have, within thirty days
from the first publication of this oraer, why said
assessment roii should nor he approved find homo
logated; aud it is further ordered that said order
be published, iu the English aud French languages
ill the official journal, the New Orleaus Republican
newspaper, tw ice each week for thirty dava.
New Orleans, Deeember 7. 1871.
T. WHARTON COLLKNS, Judge.
A true copy:
A. D Bkunoidv, Clerk.
ETAT DE LA LOUIS1ANE.
SKPTIKMK COL'R Dii DISTRICT POUR LA
PAROISSE DOR LEANS—NO. 9189.
D ans l affaire des commissaires du
Premier District de Dessechement, deman
d-tut un decret, etc. Petition de la ville et des Ad
uiiutstrateurs de la NoiiTelle-Orleana, demandant
i uouiologiUiou du role d'asiosaement du dit district.
OKDKK.
Stir l'enliassement du role d'assessemrut, dd
moutrant les nioutiiiits dues par lee iiersonnes et
les proprietes ussesoi es dans le Premier District de
Dessechement de la paroisae tl'Orleaiis, depuie le
premier jusquau dixii-me pa;ement iiiefusive
tuent. et sill- la petition nc la ville et dee Adniinis
trateursde la Foiiveile-Orleans, charges de la col
lection des dits niontants et de la direction des af.
laires du dit district, ii est ordoune, que toutes lee
Iiersonnes in I e lessees douuent lritrsraisous. si ellee
en ont, dans les treutc jours euivant la premiere
publication de cet ordre. pour leaquelles le dit role
d asscsseuient no st rait pas approuve et 1 omolo
gue; et tl est en plus Qidnnne que le dit ordre aoit
•'ji"',- r 11 ang'ois el en fiau<,-ais, dans le journal
qfficiel, le Republic-inn de la Nouvclle-Orleaus, deux
fins par senuiine pendant treute jours.
Nuuvelle Otleans. 7 deeeinbri 1871.
T. WHARTON COLLESS Juge.
Pour copie couformc:
A. D. BKhxoriiY, Greffler.
delO 14 17 22 27 jal 5 10
SUCCESSION NOTICES.
Succeawion of George L. Biirh.
QKCOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
ot Orleans.—Notice is hereby giveu to tbe
creditors of tlrs estate aud to all other persona
neieiu interested, to show* cause witliiu teu days
from the present notification, if auy they have a*
can, why the account presented bv the testa
mentary executor in this estate should not be
homologated and approved, and the runds dia
tribilled in accordance therewith.
By order of theO%irt.
d»;6 10 14
M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
Nucce»Hion of A* ftehrle—No*
ft K< :P» r district COURT FOR THE parish
Orleans—Notice is lierebv given to th*
creditors uf tins ealute and to ail other persona
fi'' r ''ifi tuteiested to show cause within ten dava
trom the present nntifieaitftn, if any flier bar. or
can why tbe account presented bv tbe adminia
tratnx of tins estate sliotild not lie liomologateH"
and apptoved, anil the funds distributed iu sc.
cm dam e therewith.
Bv order of Yhe Court.
''''S* 111 __M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
"uceesNioii of
tin mm At*
■'M.704.
Peterson—N*.
SK'-OND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
J ot Oi leans. Notice is hereby given t* tho
'em interested, to show cause within ten dava
from the present notification, if any they hare o!
an. why Hie account presenteu by the exectitoria
e ,ti4 should uot lie homologated amt an.
i' ,ld distributed In accordant
cr of the Court.
M. O. TRACY, Clerk.
succession ot Thomas Smith—Nlo. 3.5 at ft,
OKCOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
f. 1 A 1 »U other persons herein
•i crested, to show cause w ithin ten days from the
if any they have or carrwh?
e account fitesi nted bv tiie testament-...^
sm-nioiH mth,.-estate should not VSS
ZeXZtr* the U d ^tributedTn'lSS
By order of the Court.
i!>-2 6 II)
H. O. TRACT. Clerk.
tsi.cces.ion ol Alichael'Freeh-No. IJLlff j:
S ft of N Orlean™ii lRT KOR PARISH
So5^^
tierewith.* Ud lh fuuJa distributed iu accordance
By order of the court,
del 6 10
H. 0. TRACY, Clerk.