DEBATE* IN TUB SENATE.
Morning Seoaton.
Wednesday, March 1,1371.
CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD.
A bill in reference to the Chattanooga
railroad being before the Senate—
Mr. Sypher said: This is another of the
numerous measures that have come before
the Senate, for the benefit of the Chatta
nooga railroad, which has got to be a per
fect stench in the nostrils of every honest
Qian. They are now ashing the State to
build some steamships for them, and before
the close of this session there will probably
be a bill passed granting them a subsidy of
two or three millions of dollars. I think it
is high time for the State to stop building
railroads and steamships for private corpo
rations.
APPROPRIATION BILL—RELIEF OF N. 8. LAN
DRY.
The appropriation bill being before the
Senate—
Mr. Hunsaker said: I introduced a bill
some few days ago providing for the appro
priation of $920 for the relief of N. S. Lan
dry, which passed its second reading and
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The session is so nearly at an end that it
would be impossible to carry that bill
through, and I, therefore, propose to insert
the item into this general appropriation
hill. Mr. Landry, in his official capacity as
sheriff, having seized a certain plantation,
was ordered, by a judgment of the Fourth
Judicial District Court, to pay the specified
amount of money as compensation to labor
ers When he paid it the opposite party
protested against it, and took an appeal to
the Supreme Court. The decision of the
inferior court was reversed, and Mr. Lan
dry was forced to pay this amount to the
appellant. He now has no other way of
.getting it back again than by asking'the
State to reimburse it to him. It is a just
claim, and I think it should be allowed.
Mr. McMillen remarked that inasmuch as
the bill re 1 erred to was before the proper
committee, it would be well to request that
.committee to report upon it.
Mr. Hunsaker: It would be impossible to
have that bill reported back in time to pass
both houses this session. This gentleman
has paid out this money, and unless the
State reimburses him he will lose it. I can
not see why any objection should be made
to the payment of a claim which is based
upon justice and honesty. The papers in
reference to this matter are upon the drft
of the secretary, and will fully establish fhe
correctness of the pretension.
A motion was then made to table the item.
Not carried.
Executive session was called for and
seconded, after which the Senate took a re-,
cess until 7 P. M.
Evening Session.
APPROPRIATION BILL—GEOLOGICAL ftlTRVKT
The item providing for the payment of
oertain geological surveyors being under
consideration—
Mr. Todd moved to strike it out, remark
ing that the parties interested had not acted
a geological surveyors.
Mr. Iliaekman: Under a law passed in
1870, the professors of the State University
were required to make a geological survey
of the State. They have been through
some of the parishes, and have made a re
port to the Legislature. Every State in the
Union has such surveys made, and they are
considered to be very important. I 'hope
the item will be adopted. Carried.
PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS.
Mr. Anderson, in offering an additional
item providing for the payment of certain
public school teachers, said A bill was in
troduced a few days ago upon this subject,
which was referred to the Committee on
Education and reported back favorably.
These claims are just, and should have been
paid long ago. The services were rendered,
and the report va^ regularly made to the
State Superintendent of Education. The
bill I refer to can not be passed this session
for want of time. The chairman of the
Committee on Education (Mr. Pierce) will
contain all that I have said. The report
was signed by Messrs. Daigle, Pierce and
Antoine.
Mr. McMillen: I also hare the honor to
belong the Committee on Education, aud I
have made a minority report on this sub
ject, suggesting that these school teachers
should oe paid out of the funds set apart
for the different parishes in which these
services were rendered. I now offer that
amendment.
Mr. Kagan I am opposed to the amend
ment offered by the Senator from Carroll
(Mr. McMillen). The claim is a just one.
and should be provided for. There are a great
many of these school teachers throughout
the State who have never received one cent
as compensation for their services. The
present school fund is for the purpose of
carrying on the system now in force. But
these services were rendered *in the past,
before we had any system established by
law. I hope the item will be inserted in the
general appropriation bill.
Mr. McMillen: I aiu also in favor of in
cluding this item in the general appropria
tion bill, but I want the money to come out
of the present school fund of the parishes
in which the services were performed. For
instance, if certain school teachers have
taught the children in the parish of St
Laudry, it is nothing but right that the
parish of St. Landry should compensate
them for their services. I do not desire
that any money should be taken from the
school fund of my parish to pay the school
teachers of any other parish in the State.
Mr. Kagan: I desire it to he distinctly
understood that I am opposed to the ap
propriation of any portion of the present
school fund for the purpose of paying for
services performed two or three years ago.
I want that fund to be applied exclusively
to the education ot our children in the
future. A special appropriation should be
made for the settlement of these claims, in
order that the present school system may
go on without interference.
Mr. Anderson accepted the amendment
offered by Senator McMii'eu, and the item
was adopted as amended.
LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY.
Mr. O'Hara upou, offering an additional
item appropriating $390,000 to rebuild tire
State University at Alexandria, said: Mr.
President, I have brought this item before
the Senate at the earnest solicitation of a
number of my constituents. I have a let
ter in my desk from gentlemen who own
the largest amount of property in my
parish, asking me to insert this item in the
general appropriation bill, and expressing
their ardent desire to foster and encourage
all institutions of this character. They
very properly add that the Legislature has
voted away millions of dollars for purposes
which can not compare with this in impor
tance. Every Senator should be deeply in
terested in this subject, and I hope there
will uot be a single dissenting voice to its
adoption. The old university, as the Senate
is aware, was burned to ashes a few months
ago, and it is proposed to rebuild it upon
the old site.
Mr. Kay: I do not think the Senate is
prepared to act upon this important item at
present: I therefore move to lay it upon the
table. Carried.
RELIEF OF W. F. DUCOIONE.'
Mr. Ingraham offeaed an item providing
for the payment of three hundred and sev
enty dollars to W: F. Dueoigne, as compensa
tion for services rendered as assistant clerk
for the su pervisors of i egistration of the third
ward. He said: This gentleman was em
ployed in the capacity of clerk for the super
visors of the third ward. The State super
visor has informed me that he had to make
a new registration in that ward within a
limited time, which necessitated the em
ployment of an extra force, when Mr. Du
coigne was engaged. I will state to the
Senate that the claimant is a cripple and in
necessitous circumstances. This amount is
justly due him ami should be paid.
Mr. O'Hara objected to the item. He
was of the opinion that the supervisors of
registration in New Orleans and their em
ployes had been amply compensated for
their services. He could not conceive why
any distinction should be made in favor of
the city of New Orleans.
The item was adopted.
INSPECTOR LOUISIANA STATE PENITENTIARY.
Mr. Kagan offered an item making an ap
propriation of twelve hundred dollars as
eompensation to the Inspector of the Louis
iana State Penitentiary.
Mr. Lynch inquired whether there was
any law creating any such office.
Mr. Ingraham: The Board of Control of
the State Penitentiary is authorized by law
to select one of its members to act as in
spector. While I was at Baton Rouge re
cently, in my capacity as a member of the
Committee on the Penitentiary, I ascer
tained from the lessees of that institution,
as well as lroin tho warden and the presi
dent of the Board of Control, that it was
absolutely recessary to have an inspector,
in order that the Penitentiary might be
visited daily and the treatment of the
prisoners be under constant oversight. In
other States this office is created directly by
law, but in this State, as I said before, the
Board of Control is only authorized to elect
one of their members to act as-inspector.
The services have been performed, and I
think they should, in all justice, be com
pensated tor.
Mr. Campbell asked to whom the in
spector made his report.
Mr. Ingraham: To the Board of Contrul
semi-monthly.
Mr. Campbell was in iavor of the passage
of a law requiring the inspector to report
to the General Assembly.
Mr. Blackman: There was, I believe, such
an office as this created under the laws of
18t)8. or at the time tho Penitentiary was
jeased to Mr. Green by General Canby; but
in thq late law, under which that institu
tion was leased to the present lessees, there
is no such office provided for. It is the
duty of the lessees to see that the Peniten
tiary is properly inspected and the inmates
properly cared tor. If we adopt this item,
we are simply paying somebody for tilling a
sinccuie.
Mr. Kagan said that by reference to an
act ot the last General Assembly upon this
subject, the Senate would tinil that the
board of control was authorized to appoint
an inspector.
The item was adopted.
PRIVATE cnARITABLB INSTITUTIONS.
Mr. Campbell offered an additional item
for the benefit of the American Seamen's
Association of New York, provided that
the sum appropriated should be drawn aud
held by the Administrator of Finance of
the city of New Orleans, to be used for the
benefit of the New Orleans branch of the
association mentioned.
Mr. Pinchback rose to the point of order
that the item could not be considered by
the Senate immediately.
Mr. Campbell desired the Senate to
recommend the chairman of the appropria
tions committee to offer the item. He said
that in looking over the appropriation bills
which had been passed during the past two
or three years, he had found that out of
thirty-five or forty appropriations which
had been made to charitable institutions, at
least twenty-five or thirty were to those of
the Catholic persuasion. He thought the
State should aid other denominations also.
The State had been voting these appropria
tions yearly to parties who rendered no ac
count of its expenditure, and who used it
for the sole purpose of building up a re
ligious sect.
Mr. Pinchback thought that other institu
tions besides those under the Koman Cath
olic Church were entitled to State aid. He
was either in favor of assisting all institu
tions whose objects were praiseworthy, or
striking out every item iu the appropria
tion bill for the purposes of charity.
Mr. McMillen, in order to test the sense
of the Senate, moved to strike out all the
items for the benefit of private charitable
institutions. Laid on the table.
The item of Senator Campbell was recom
mended by Mr. McMillen, chairman of the
appropriation committee, ami adopted.
The appropriation bill finally passed.
How Adams Was Defeated.
The Boston Commonwealth, tells why J. Q.
Adams was not re-elected to the Legislature
from Ouincv
Being in the apothecary store of a faithful
adherent, just before the election, the lat
ter. in the freedom of political friendship,
suggested that some of the townsmen ob
jected to the free ways of the candidate in
gunning, fishing, vacating, etc., on Sunday.
Perhaps you share in their objection, doc
tor?" Wuntly asked the young statesman,
who had counted the improbability of "ever
occupying any considerable pubiie office,''
as his letter to Mrs. Stone indicated. "VVliv,
yes. I think I do. somewhat," said the deli
berate dispenser of pills and potions. "Then
they can go to (a place his friends all
their lives had been trying to avoid), and
you with them, for all 1 care answered
the scion of a great house. The invitation
was heralded abroad, but bis fellow Demo
crats declined the disposition suggested.
They went to the towu hall instead, and
gallant Jack Adams wasn't representative
anv more.
One of the Chinese employed at the
laundry at Belleville. New Jersey, die«l a
lew days ago. and was buried with the
queer national ceremonies of his people.
The body was dressed in its be6t—a suit of
nankin—aud was placed in an elegant
walnut coffin, which was immediately
sealed. Then a long procession of the
Chinese, one hundred and fifty in number,
followed the wagon which carried the body
to the grave. Two graves were dug. one
a small one, by tho side, of the larger one,
destined for the coffin, in which were
placed a tea-pot a rice jian, chopsticks, and
the clothing of the deceased. On top of
this medley was placed a large earthen ves
sel, containing a cooked chicken, some rice
and salted fish. All this was then covered
up with dirt. After that, a basket con
taining the clothes that had been worn by
the deceased on the day of his death were
placed on the grave that held the coffin,
and was set op tire and burned up with its
contents. A number of fire-crackers were
then exploded on the grave. Each China
man then came forward, stood over the
grave and performed three salaams. Every
mourner present was presented with a
small bouquet of flowers, aud Tien Siug was
left to his repose.
A Scottish widow in tho time of Kin;;
George was one day in spring seen by the
clerk of her parish crossing the churchyard
with a watering pot and a bundle. "Ah,
Mistress Mactavish," said the clerk, "what's
yer bus'nesa wi' sic like gear as that v'are
carryin "Ah, weel, Mr. Maclaclilan,''
replied the widow, "I'm just goin' to iny
glide man's grave. I've got some hayseeds
in my bundle, the which I'm goin' to sow
upon it: and the water in the can is just to
gi'e'em a spring like!" "The seeds winna
want the watering," rejoined the clerk,
"they'll spring finely o' themselves." "That
may well be," rejoined the window; "but
ye ilinna ken that my gude man, as lie lay
a deeing, just got me to make promise that
I'd never marry again till the grass had
grown aboon his grave. And, as I've had a
f ood offer made me but yest'reen, ye see I
inna like to break my promise, or to be
kept a lone widow, as ye See me!" The
minister's aid-de-camp looked on tho widow
indeed with a mirthful expression. "Water
him weel. widow," said the clerk; "Macta
vish aye was drouthy!"
The Saturday Chronicle says that the
change in Every Saturday is the result of a
conference between Harper A Brothers and
J. K. Osgood A Co., which has already an
nounced, and in a mutual agreement to
recognize each other's arrangements and
contracts with foreign authors and pub
lishers. These two great houses have
waged a ruinous war upon each other for
the past two or three years, and now it is
generally understood that they have done
lighting, have shaken hands and are
mends. Every Saturday cost its publishers
much more than it earned them, and it ob
liged the publishers ot Harper's Weekly to
resort to expensive enterprises and costly
arrangements. So the Harpers take away
the Every Saturday presses, and George
Eliot's new novel; the Boston house fill the
hole in their purse created by the Every
Saturday venture with the New Yorker's
money, and the public are the greatest
losers.
Hannah M. Parker, of Massachusetts, has
assumed the title of "Empress of America."
She has written a letter to the couuty court
in session at St. Louis, claiming that she is
heiress to the continent of America, as the
great-great-great-grand daughter of George
Vaughn, grandson of Alexander III. of
Russia, who owned every foot of land in
America, inheriting it from his mother,
Lady Elizabeth Suarrow." She claims that
her inheritance has been stolen; that the
country was loaned temporarily as a repub
lie; that 17,000 horses and 27,000 sheep were
stolen at Portsmouth, New Hampshire; that
all her brothers and sisters were murdered;
that two yews ago her father was murdered
at the age of ninety-three. She asks the
county justioee to espouse her cause, aad
see that jastioa is done her.
AUCTION SALES.
By 8. Guinault.
,1
fOTCBSSIOK OF VICTOIRE BONNKCAZK.
FOR A PARTITION.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 34,346.
B Y 8. €»UINA17LT« AUCTIONEER—OFFICE
corner of Exchange alley and Bienville street—
SATURDAY, December 9. 1871, will be bold at twelve
o'clock M. f at the Merchants aud Auctioneers' Ex
change, on Royal street, between Canal and Cus
tomhouse street*, by virtue of a judgment rendered
and signed November 4. 1871, by L. Duvigneauu,
judge of said court—
•4. TWO LOTS OF GROUND, situated in the
square comprised between St. Philip. Royal. Du
maine and Chartres (formerly Con<le) streets, iu
the Second District of this city, designated by the
letters A and B on a sketch thereof made by Ar
thur DeArmas. surveyor, according to which sketch
the said lots have, American measure, to wit:
Lot A, 30 feet 10 inches and 4 lines front on St.
Philip street, by 63 feet 11 inches and 3 lines in
depth, between parallel liues; together with a two
story brick house. No. 46. having four rooms, back
galleries, two closets and pantry under the stair
case, a two story brick kitchen of four rooms, privy,
hydrant, paved yard, etc.
Lot B has 33 feet and 7 lines front on said St.
Philip street, by 63 feet 11 inches and 3 liues in
depth, between parallel lines; together with a one
story brick house of four rooms, back gallery and
cabinet, a two-story brick kitchen of four rooms
privy, hydrant, paved yard. etc.
2- A LOT OF GROUND, situated in suburb
Marigny, on Goodchildren street between ft. An
tome and Columbus stieets; said lot is designated
as No. 1, on a plan made by Antoine Bourgprol,
then deputy surveyor general, dated Apri! 29, 1831.
and annexed to an act passed September 30. 1333.
before Felix de Armas, then a notary public of this
city. Said lot of ground having 30 feet front on
said Goodcluldreu street, by 150 feet 7 inches in
depth, all American measure; together with a
frame house, No. 398, and a two-story kitchen, both
slate roofed, the house having three rooms, side
gallery, and a large cabinet, a large room in the
attic, all the lower rooms being papered; the
kitchen contains four rooms. Another frame build
of one room in the back yard; paved yard be
tween house and kitchen; a splendid brick well
with chain pump; privy, two cisterns, etc.
3. A CERTAIN LOT OF GROUND situated in the
Second District of this city, iu the square com
prised within Burgundy, Toulouse, Rampart aud
St. Peter streets, measuring 33 feet 4 indies front
on Burgundy street by 127 feet 10 inches in depth,
together with a one-story brick house No. 171 and
aud a two-story brick kitchen. The house
contains four rooms, closed gallery and cabinet;
the kitchen contains four rooms, double brick
privy, hydrant; paved yard between kitchen and
house, and a large back yard.
Plans of the above property will be exhibited at
said Exchange before the day of sal**.
Also, one gold snuff box, eight silver forks, and
four silver spoons.
berip No. 2268 of the Sun Mutual Insurance Com
pany of New Orleans, for the year 1858. for $62 50.
Scrip No. 1513 of the Crescent Mutual Insurance
Company of New Orleans, for the year i960, lor
$T4fl.
Tniee scrips. Nos. 341. 426 aud 757, of the Citizens*
Mutual Insurance Company of New Orleans, one
tor $510, another for $430, aud the third tor
$1380.
Terms—For the real estate, one third of price of
adjudication cash, aud ttio balance at a credit of
ono and two years in notes drawn by the re
spective purchasers to their own order, and bv
them indorsed, divided into coupons to suit the
vendors, bearing eight per cent interest per an
num troiu day of sale until final payment, and made
payable at one and two years from date, at the
domicile of the Bank of America, in this city. The
said notes to be secured on the properties sold by
a mortgage thereon; vendor's privilege retained:
purchasers to pay lawyer s fees at the rate of ten
per cent in case of suit for the recovery of the
amount of any of said notes; purchasers t o keep
properties purchased by them" respectively con
stantly insured for amount of said notes, arid the
policies of insurance to be transferred to vendors
in collateral security, and the said purchasers to
assume the payment of the taxes of 1871 above the
price of adjudication on the properties purchased
by them respectively.
Acts Of saie before Joseph Cuvillier, notary pub
lic, at the expense of the purchasers, including
United States revenue stamps. no7 16 23 30 de9
By Louis Stern Bros.
HUNDRED CASES BOOTS, SHOES AND
BROGANS.
B Y I,Ori8 STE1IN A. BROS.
Aisrtioncer—MONDAY.
STERN,
•mber 4, at ten
•lock A. M.. at their salesroom. No. 16 Chartres
street, will be sold—
600 CASKS BOOTS SHOES AND BROGANS,
comprising an assortment adapted to city and
country trade.
Terms—At sale. d^3
By William De Lacy.

TWO ELIGIBLE AND WELL BUILT THRKH
STORY BP.iCK DWELLINGS. NOS. 219 AND
221 GRAVIER STREET. BETWEEN BARONNK
AND DRY ADEN STREETS. BY AUCTION.
SUCCESSION OF NANCY DAVENPORT.
Second District
Coart for tin
No. 34,480.
Parish of Orleans,
B y william de lac y, auctioneer.—
Office No. 25 Commercial place—SATURDAY,
December 23, at 12 M., at the St. Charles
Auction Exchange, basement rotunda of the St.
Charles Hotel, bv virtue of and pursuant to
a a order of the Hon. Lou s Duvigneaud, Judge of
the Second District Court for the parish of Or
leans, dated November 17, 1371, No. 34.430 of the
docket of said court, will be sold, by public auc
tion. for account of said succession, the following
described property, to wit
TWO CERTAIN LOTS OF GROUND, together
with all the buildings and improvements thereon,
situated iu the First District of this city, formerly
the second municipality, m the square bounded bv
Gravier, Baronne. Common and Drvades (lite
Phiilippa) streets, and designated as lots Nos. 3 ami
4. on a sketch annexed to an act p+esed before
David L. McCay, late a notary in this city, on the
twentieth day of May, 1340. Said lots adjoin each
other, and measure each 20 feet 5 inches tiont on
Gravier street, 20 feet 6 inches in width in the rear,
by a depth of 00 feet and 3 inches on the side line
nearest Baronne street, 100 feet 5 inches and 2 lines
o:i the dividing line between said lots Nos 3 aud 4
and luO feet 7 inches and 4 lines on the side line ot
said lot No. 3, nearest Dryades street.
The improvements consist of two well-built
three story brick slated lmild ngs in perfect re
pair, with iron balconies iu front, known as Nos.
219 and '221 Gravier street, and contain, in main
building, two rooms on each floor. No. 219 having,
in addition, a wide hall; two story brick back
buildings, each containing two ■>vnis; common
alley in centre, paved yarns, gss and gas fixtures
throughout; cisteriw, hydrants, etc.
Terms—Cash.
Acts of sale and United Stales revenue at
the expense of purchasers, before Andrew Hero. Jr.,
notary public. no2H 25 de2 9 16 Aj
SALE BV AUCTION OF VALUABLE
DISTRICT PROPERTY.
FOFUTH
TWO-STORY BRICK STORK, NO. 620 MAGAZINE
STREET. BEAR THE MAGAZINE MARKET.
NEAT FRAME SLATED COTTAGE, NO. 329 CON
STANCE STREET, BETWEEN JACKSON AND
JOSEPHINE STREETS.
SUCCESSION OF BERNARD McKENNA.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 34,737.
B Y" WILLIAM DE LACY, AUCTIONEER—
Office, No. 25 Commercial place—SATURDAY,
December 16, 1871, at twelve o'clock M., at the
St. Charles Auction Exchange, in the basement
rotunda of the St. Charles Hotel, bv virtue and
pursuant to two orders of sale from the Hon. Louis
Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second District Court
for the parish of Orleans, both dated November 10,
1871, No. 34,737 of the docket of said court, will be
blic auction, for accouut of said succes
sold bv pub
sion, tn<* followin
described property, to wi
1. A CERTAIN PIECE OR PORTION OF
GROUND, together with all the buildings and im
provements thereon, situated in the Fourth Dis
trict of this city, iu the square bounded by Con
stance (formerly Lire Oak), Jackson, Magazine and
Josephine streets, and measuring, commencing at
a distance of 64 feet from the corner of Magazine
aud Josephine streets. 19 feet front on Magazine
street, by 126 feet 6 inches and 6 lines in d- pth, be
tween parallel lines. Said portion of ground forms
part of four certain lots oi ground iu aid square,
designated by the Nos. 19,20, 21 aud 22. as per plan
drawn by W. T. Thompson, surveyor, November 3,
1844, deposited in the office of I). I. R cardo, kite a
notary in this city, which said lots adjoin each
other! and measure each 31 feet 7 inches ami 6 7 10
lines front on Josephine street by 127 feet 10 inches
and 5 liues in depth, between parallel liues,
English measure; lot No. 22 forming tbe corner of
Josephine and Magazine streets. The improve
ments consist of a two-story brick store, known as
No. 620 Magazine street, aud now' used as a confec
tionery.
2. A CERTAIN LOT OF GROUND, with all the
buddings and improvements thereon, situated,
lying and beiug in the said Fourth District of this
city, in the aforementioned square, bounded bv
Constance (formerly 1 ive Oak). Jackson, Magazine
and Josephine streets. Said lot measures 31 feet,
11 inches and 5 Hues front on said Constance street,
by a depth of 130 feet, between parallel lines, En
glish measure. The improvements consist of a
frame slated cottage, retired from the street, and
known as No. 329 Coustauce street, with gallery in
front and rear, and containing four rooms in main
building, two rooms iu rear huildiug.aud a kitchen,
detached from other buildings, cistern, sheds,
paved yard and alley way, garden in front, etc.
Terms aud Conditions—For the property firstly
described, cash; and for the property second>y de
scribed, one third cash, balance on a ciedit of one
and two years, in the notes of the purchaser, bear
ing eight per cent interest per annum from date of
sale until, paid, secured by mortgage on Che prop
erty sold, the mortgage to embrace the clause of
five per cent attorney's fees in ease of suit to en
force payment of notes, the buildings to be kept
insures by purchaser, aud policy transferred to ven
dor; the purchaser to assume the payment of all
taxes on this property, as well as the preceding
one, for tbe year lfcl.
Acts of sale, including the United States revenue
stamps, at tbe expense of the purchasers, before
William J, Gastell, notary public,
nol918 39 dot 9 If
AUCTION SALES.
By B>. M. A B. J. Montgomery.
VALCABLE REAL ESTATE IN GRETNA, PARISH
OF JEFFERSON, AT AUCTION.
SUCCESSION OF A. W. JOURDAN-NO. 16,329.
B Y R. M. A- B. J. MONTGOMERY—
R. M. Montgomery, Auctioneer.—Will be gold
on SATURDAY, December 16, 1871, at 12 M
at the St. Charles Auction Krchange, basement
St. Charles Hotel, by virtue and in pursuance of au
order of the Honorable Louis Duvigtieaud, Judge
of the Second District Court for the parish of
Orleans, dated November 10, 1871, No. 16,329 of
the docket of said court—
A CERTAIN LOT OF GROUND, with the ira
provemeuts thereon, situated iu Gretua, in sthe
parish of Jefferson, desigpated as lot No.6 of square
B, aud ineasnring 29 feet 2 uebeg frout on Front
street by 19(1 feet in depth on the line of lot No. S,
and 203 feet iu depth on the line of lot No. 7. and 25
feet 10 inches a d 5 lines iu the rear, with any
further depth it may have to the Mississippi river.
as per plan annexed to au act passed before J. B
Marks, iate notarv public, on the sixteenth of Mav
1840.
Flans exhibited at place of sale.
Terms—Cash in United States treasury notes.
Act of sale, including the internal revenue
stamps, at the expense of the purchaser, before
A. Hero. Jr., notarv public.
nn!4 19 26 de.'i 10 15 16
VALUABLE IMPROVED PROPERTY IN THE MUST
DISTRICT
SUCCESSION OF MARY O LEARY WIFE OF JOHN
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
B Y R. !W. A B. J. MONTGOMERY.
R. M. Montgomery. Auctioneer—Will be sold
on {SATURDAY. December 16, 1871, at twelve o'cloek.
at the St. Char lea Auction Exchange, basement St.
Charles Hotel, by virtue and in pursuance of an
order of the Hon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judge of the
Second District Court tor the parish of Orleans.
No. 33,192 i f the docket of said court, dated Novem
ber 16, 1371—
A CERTAIN LOT OF GROUND, together with
the buildings and improvements thereon, situated
in the First District of this city, in the square
bounded by TchoupitouLis, Girod, Notre Dame and
Magazine streets, measuring 29 feet 3 inches and 7
lines trout on Girod street, by 114 feet 7 inches and
2 lines in depth, between parallel lines.
Plan exhibited at place of sale.
Terms—Cash in United Stares treasury notes.
Act of sale, including United States internal rev
enue stamps, at the expense of the purchaser, be
fore* L. Kahev, notary public. no!3 26 de3 lit 15 16
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. PIANOS, CARPET f
ETC.. AT AUCTION.
B Y K. Ms dr B. J. MONTGOMERY-R.
M. MONTGOMERY' Auctioneer—Will be sold
on every SATURDAY. TUESDAY, and THURSDAY
at the Old Auction Mart, 87 Camp street, at eleven
o'clock—
A GENERAL ASSORTMENT OF NEW and SEC
OND-HAND FURNITURE, sum as Rosewood
Mahogany and Walnut Bedsteads, Armcirs, Bu
reaus, Washstands, Parlor Furniture, Marble To|
Centre Tables, Carpets, French Plate Mirrors
Mattresses, Cooking Stoves. e:«.
ALSO.
A large invoice of Cottage Beds, Cstm »/id Woa<5
Seat Chairs. Al*o. Upright and Square Pianos o*
PleyeL Favre and other manufactories.
AI>0,
AN IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW FURNITURE Ol
all description at private sale.
Terms—Cash no®
By Nash A Hodgson.
RACING STOCK AT AUCTION.
CHESTNUT COLT SIR RUFUS," THREE YEARS
OLD. BAY COLT "BY PLANET," TWO YEARS
SUCCESSION OF JAMBS NELLI GAN.
second District Court for the Parish of Orleans—
No. 34.7y6.
B Y NASKI HODGJ4DN-W. I. HODGSON,
Auctioneer—Office No. 170 Gravier street—On
TUESDAY December 5. 1371, in front of the Judge s
stand, on the Metairie race track between the
beats, about 4 P. M by virtue and in pursuance
of an order of the lion. Louis Duvigneaud. Judge of
the Second District Court tor the parish of Orleans,
dated November 10, 1371, docket No. 34,Too. for ac
count ot the siu c* scion of James Nelligan, deeased,
at public auction w ill be sold—
The chestnut colt SIR RUFUS, three years old.
bv Lexington, dam Lizzie Mardis. fcv Gleucoe.
'The bat colt BY PLANET, two years old, first
lam. Red Rose, by imported Leviathan; second
by Gleucoe; third dam, Tuber
Little Rose
Rose, by Ariat.
Terms—Cash on
ury uot
spot iu United States treas
Arts
of saV. trail
Vi ami stamp*, at
he fXTiense
Of tilt
purchaser, b
•lore V\. McC. Junt a, notary
put'll!
The
above success
on wns o? v a three tomthtj
inter**
-T in the Dav
E'iaiie? Colt/' l ow
•ver. cot.
M-liT
ih** parties i
i interest, the en
ir* inT»*i>*hfo
sold.
u
>23 25 tit-.t 5
By G
De Feriet.
!MFR«
>VBD AN!) l T N
I'lPROVKD REAL
ESTATE IN
THE THIRD DISTRICT.
SUC Jb
SSIOXS OF
MRS. WIDOW
ELIZABETH
M(
>ORK ET AL.,
ON PETITION OF
MRS. ANNE
MOOKE FOR A
'ARTI7I0N. NO
:w,714.
B'a
G. DE FERIET. C. W. (T
u. Iioum—offii e No. ini Rdv
LCERTSOV
li street.—
s.vrn
DA\. Dccenib
r 23. 1871, at tw«
Ive o'cloek.
M., at the M. Charles Auction Exchange, in the
basement rotunda of the Nt. Charles Hotel, will be
sold by public auction, by virtue of a judgment
rendered by the Hon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judge
of the Second District Court for the parish of Or
leans, on November 8. 1871, and signed on the
thirteenth day of the same month aud year, tlie fol
lowing described real estate, viz—
1. THREE LOTS OF GROUND tn the Third Dis
trict of tins city, in the square bounded by St. Fer
dinand, Morales Cotton Press and Urquhart streets,
designated by the Ni*s. 1, 2 aud 3, and measur
ing each 28 feet 6 inches and 4 lines front oil Sr.
Ferdinand street. by 120 fe* t in depth, between
parallel lines (lot No. 1 being corner loti. The
buildings and improvements on lots Nos. 1 and 2,
which will be sold together, consist of a one story,
frame house containing two bedrooms, two cab
inets, front and rear galleries, a kitchen, well and
cistern, a back buildi g in the rear of lot No. 2.
containing two rooms, a cabinet and a galh ry, etc.
The buildings on lot No. 3 consist of an old stable.
2 FIVE AND A HALF LOTS OF GRO* ND in the
same distri* t, in tbe square bounded by Louisa
Clouet, 8t. John the Baptist and Claiborne streets,
designated by the Non. 7, 8. 12. 13 aud 14, and half
of lot No 6, and measuring as follows, to wit
Lots Nos. 7 and 8 measure each 30 feet front on
Louisa street by 112 feet deep. The half of lot No
6. adjoining lot No. 7. measures 15*$ feet front ou
Louisa street, by 112 feet iu depth, and lots Nos. 12,
13 aud 14 measure each 30 feet trout on Claiborne
street, by 170 ie*U6 inches in depth.
Terms—Cash in D ited States treasury notss.
Acts ot sale, with United firates revenue stamps
attached, before K Bouny, notarv public, ac the
purchaser's expense.
no2i 25 de2 9 16 23
FURNITURE! FURNITURE! FURNITURE!
SUCCESSIONS OF iftts. WIDOW ELIZABETH
MOORE ET AU, ON PETITION OK MRS. ANN
MOORE, FOR A PARTITION.
B V (J. DE FERIKT-C. W. CULBERTSON,
Auutioueer—TUESDAY, Ifec^iuber 5, 1871, at
eleven o'clock A. M., on the premincH. corner cf »st.
Fcidinanff and Morales streets, in the Third Dis
trict of this cit>, will be sold, by virtue of a judg
ment rendered November 8, uni, aud signed on
the thirteenth day of the same month, by the
Hon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second Dis
tiict Gonit for the parhk of Orleans—
A GENERAL ASSORTMENT O? HOUSEHOLD
FURNITURE, such as bedsteads, anuoirs, chairs,
tables, etc.
Terms—Cash ou the spyt. no24 29 de2 5
By Placide J. Spear.
GREAT AUCTION SALE OF PLEDGES.
ANNUAL SALE OF UNREDEEMED PLEDGES
AT HARPS LOAN OFFICE.
B V PLACIDE J. SPEAR, AUCTIONEER.
iit It li t s l.< an Office, No. 48 St. Charles street,
will be sold at a tie tiou, on TUESDAY, December 5.
1371, at half-past ten o'clock A. M.—
One of the larg'-gt and nc*st valuable stocks of
Diamonds, Wat t he-, Chains, Miverware, (inns, Pis
tols. Op**ra Glasses, Musical Instruments, etc.;
Gola Watches of the most celebrated makers, viz:
Jurgenseii, Nardin, Jacob, Thomas Russell fit Sons,
Jules Robert, Huguniu, Dent, etc.; Diamonds, such
as most valuable sets of Brooches, Bracelets, cluster
aud single stone catlings, Pins ami Rings; Chains—
Fob, Chatelaine, Opera slid Guard, or the finest
make, aud a large variety of other articles too
numerous io mention.
Goods will be e\pose,d for examination on Mon
day, December 4, 1871 to allow the public to make
note of tbe same.
Tbe above articles are fully guaranteed in all
respects.
N. B.—The attention sf the city and country
trade will find it to thsir advantage to Attend tho
aboVo oak. oqOO 6|
AUCTION SALES.
By C. E. Girardey A Co.
THE ST. LOUIS PARM AT AUCTION.
SUCCESSION OP O. E. HALL.
Second District Court for the Pariah of Orleans
B Y C. E. GIRARDEY CO.* AUC
tioueers, Nicholas J. Hoey, Auctioneer—Office
No. 17 Exchange place.—SATURDAY, January
!3, 1872, at twelve o'clock M., at the Mer
chants amt Auctioneers' Exchange, on Royal,
between Canal and Customhouse streets, by virtue
of an order of the honorable the Second District
Court, for tho parish of Orleans, dated the seven
teenth November, 1871. will be sold by public auc
tiou, tor account of the succession of O. E. Hall
the following described property, to wit—
That very valuable and well improved property
situated iu the Third District of this city, known
as the NT. LoUIS FARM, aud composed of the fol
lowing described lots or portions of ground, to
wit;
1. THREE LOTS OF GROUND. Nos. 1, 2 and
composing the triangle No. 5, bounded by Marigny
avenue. Treasure and Warsaw streets, and meas
uring 205 feet front on Treasure, street, 101 feet 5
inches and 6 lines on War.-aw street, and 229 feet
8 inches cm Marignv avenue
2. TWENTY LOTS OF GROUND, forming tl...
whole of the square No. 6, bounded by London
and Marigny avenues, Haranna and Atmudance
streets, aud numbered from one to twenty, inclu
sively.
3. EIGHTEEN LOTS OF GROUND, forming the
whole of the square or portiou of ground bounded
by Marigny avenue, Brussels, Treasure and War
saw streets, aud numbered from one to eighteen,
inclusively.
4. EIGHTEEN LOTS OF GROUND, forming the
whole of the square or portion of ground No. 3,
bounded by Gentilly road, Brussels and Treasure
stieets aud Paris avenue, and numbered Horn one
to eighteen, inclusively.
5. TWENTY EIGHT LOTS OF GROUND, forming
the whole of the square No. 9, bounded by Treas
ure, Abundance and Brussels stieets and Paris ave
nue, and numbered from one to twenty-eight, in
elusive! v.
6. TWENTY EIGHT LOTS OF GROUND, forming
the whole of the square No. 8,bouuded by Warsaw,
Brussels, Treasure and Abundance streets, and
numbered from one to twenty-eight, inclusively.
Together with all the buildings and improve
ments thereon, comprising, in part and in different
portions of said estate, a two-story frame dwelling,
a large hot or green house, a very large chicken
and pigeonhouse, a one and a half story frame
building, slate roof, about 80 by 120 feet, with stalls
for about 80 head of cattle, aud ample feed and
fodder room above; a very extensive oue-story shed
building, arranged in sections and pens, and all
floored, with ample room for about 300 hogs; about
6 cisterns and a large well
This fine property is situated on the corner of
Gent lily road and Marigny avenue, but a few
squares below the Gentilly road entrance to the
$'air Grounds.
Terms—One third cash, and the remainder in two
equal installments, payable in one and two years
fioin the date of sale, and bearing interest of eight
per cent per annum from date of sale until final
payment, and secured by special mortgage and
vendor's lien on the property sold, with the clause
of five p«*r cent attorneys' fees in event of suit;
improvements to be kept fully insured, and poli
ces transferred to the Uoldtrs of the notes; and
purchaser to assume payment. over and above liis
Lid, of all taxes for the year 1871, aud up to the
day of sale.
Acts of sale and United States stamps at the
expense of the purchasers, before Charles G. Andry,
notary public. nu25 dc2 3 16 23 30 ja6 13
B7 Charles E. Fortier.
V ALL ABLE PROPERTIES IN TKS THIRD DIS
SlTCESSlOX OF GEORGE D. XAUZ.
Second District Court for the Parish of Ov'<
B Y CnARLENE. FORTIER. AUCTIONEER,
Office. No. 54 Exchange place—SATURDAY,
December23, 1871, at twelve o'clock M., at the Mer
chants and Auctioneers' Exchange, on Royal street,
between Canal and Customhouse streets, will be
sold, bv virtue of an order fiom the Hon. Louis
Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second District Court
for the parish of Orleans, dated the fourteenth of
November. 1871
1. A CERTAIN LOT OF GROUND, situated in
faubourg Franklin, in the Third District of this
city, making part of lot No. 13 of square No. 56 on
a p an made bv J. Pilie. Iate city surveyor, dated
fourteenth of May, 1831. aud deposited in the office
of C. Pollock, notary in this city, on the thirtieth
of Mav. 1831. and measuring 32 feet front ou Mar
igny street, by 60 feet in depth and front on Girod
street, together wit hall the buildings and improve
ments thereon.
2 A CERTAIN LOT OF GROUND, together with
all the buildings, etc., in faubourg Franklin, in the
Third District of this city, in the square comprised
w ithin Maudeville, Girod, Urquhart 'and Mariguy
strtets, designated by the No. 15 of square No. 57
on a plan or J. A. D'Heniecourt of th^ twenty-sev
enth of .September, I860, measuring 36 feet frout
on Mandeville street, bv 73 feet in depth, between
parallel lines, and front ou Guod street, of which
streets if forms the corner.
J. A CERTAIN LgT OF GROUND, together with
the buildings, etc. in faubourg Franklin, designa
ted by the No. I of square No. 56 on a figurative
plan of J. Pilit*. late city surveyor, dated tour
t*nth ol May. 1331. hereinabove mentioned form
ing the corner of Mandeville and Girod streets,
and measuring. American measure. 40 feet front
ou Maudeville street, by 120 feet in depth and front
on Girod etr« et.
Terms—One-half cash, and the balance at a
credit ot one and two years in notes divided into
coupons. s« cured by mortgage and vendor's priv
i'egt on said property. wi*b attorney's fees in case
of suit tor their collection at five per cent on the
amount sued for, and bearing interest at the rate
of eight per ceu t per annum from date until paid;
the buildings on the property to be kept insured
by tin* purchasers and the policies of insurance
to h»* transferred to the tutors of said minors uniil
the final payment of said notes.
Acts of sale before Aleee J. Ker, notary pub
l' at the expense of the purchasers, including
United States .stamps. uo!8 23 de.7 lo 23
VALUABLE BUILDING LOTS vN CANAL STREET
BETWEEN DFRBIGNY AND ROMAN STREETS.
SS10N OF CIIRISTOVAL TOLKDAXO.
Second District Court for the par
B Y CHARLES E. FORTIER, AUCTION
e«*r—Office No. 54 Exchange alley—TUESDAY
December 26, 1871. at twelve o'clock M.,at the Mer
chants and Auctioneers' Exchange,on Royal street,
between Canal aud Custentfhouse streets, wil! be
sold st public auctin. by virtue of a:i order from
the Hou. Louis Duvijjrueaud, Judge of the Second
District Court for the parish of Orleans, dated the
sixteenth November, 1871, the following described
property, viz—
TWO AND A HALF LOTS OF GROUND, situated
in the Second District of this city, designated by
the Nos. 26, 25, aud half of No. 24, in square
No. 50, bounded by Canal, Roman, Derbigny and
Customhouse streets, and measuring, together,
67 feet 6 inches front on Canal street-, by 106 feet 8
incites in depth, between parallel lines.
Terms—Cash in United States treasury notes.
Act of sale before G. LeGardeur, notary pub
lic. at the expense of tbe purchaser, including
United States stamps. no25 de2 12 18 26
By A. Deslonde.
MARIPOSA MILLS—MARIPOSA MILLS,
ON ST. JOSEPH STREET, BETWEEN PETERS AND
COMMERCE STREETS.
VALUABLE MILLS. MACHINERY, FIXTURES, ETC.
LEASE OF THE LOTS AND BUILDINGS NOS.
59. 61, 63, 65, 67 AND 69, ON ST. JOSEPH STREET,
V
TOGETHER WITH ENGINES, MACHINERY AND
FIXTURES, AT AUCTION.
SUCCESSION OF O. F.. HALL.
B y e.
Otlic
A. DESLONDE. AUCTIONEER—
_ No. 45 Baronne htn-t-t—TUESDAY. Do
i-mlw-r 5.1871, at twelve o'clock, ou the premises.
No. 59 M. Joseph street, corner of Commerce street,
hv virtue ami m pursuance of an order of the Hon.
L. Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second District Court
for the parish of Orleans, dated November 18, 1371,
docket No. 34,964 will be sold for account of the
above succession—
1 ALL THE RIGHTS. TITLE AND INTEREST
of the late Orson Eddy Hall, in aud 'O tile Steam
Engine Boilers, Shaftings, Pulleys, Fixtures and
appurtenances composing the mill known us the
Mari|iosa .Mills.
2. ALL THE RIGHTS, TITLE AND INTEREST
of tbe late Orson Eddy Hall in the unexpii-e.l lease
of the lots aud buildings, Nos. 59, 61,63, 65, 67 aud
69 St. Joseph street, together with the nnexpired
lease of the Engines Machinery, Mills. Futures,
etc.,' as d< scribed in a lease granted by Mrs.
Prague to O E. Hall, for a term of five vears, be
ginning on the first day of April. 1871, and termin
ating ou the thirty-first day of March, 1876.
3. ALL THE RIGHTS, TITLE AND INTEREST
of the said late O. E. Hall in the nse of certain
machinery leased to him by D. M. Hollingsworth,
for the period of fire yearn, beginning on the first
day of April, 1871. and terminnting on the thirtj
flrst dey of. March, 1876,
Twins of sale—Cash. boU 2$ 30 del 313
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
L. RAYMOND DELRIKU VS. HIS CREDITORS.
PRAYING FOR A RESPITE.
Sixth District Court for the parish of Orleans, No
2812.
T iib creditors of l. Raymond delrieu
are hereby notified to appear before O. Morel,
Esq., notary public of this city, on tho second day
of December, 1811, at 10 o'clock A. M., for the par
pose of taking into consideration the application
of said L. R. Delrieu, for a respite. They are fur
ther notllivd that in the meantime all judicial pro
ceedings against his property and person are
stayed
By order af the Court.
J. F. DICK. Deputy Clerk.
Clerk's Office, New Orleans, Noeember 17. ltfil.
no!9 23 de2
THE STATEI OF LOUISIANA,
SEVENTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
OF ORLEANS.
HENRIETTA DAVIS, ETC., VS. HER HUSBAND—
No. 9071.
HEREBY CERTIFY THAT ON TIIB TENTH
day of November, 1871 judgment was rendered
in this court in the following entitled suit, in the
words and figures following, to writ:
Henrietta lla> is etc., vs. her husband—No. 907t.
On motion of A. L. Tissot, attorney for the
laintiff in this cause, uuon submitting to the court
ue proof in support of her demand, and the law
and evideuce beiug with plaintiff, it is adjudged
aud decreed that the judgment by default herein
nterud ou the seventh iustaut be now confirmed;
that there be judgment in favor of plaintiff, Hen
rietta Davis, agaiast defendant. Gustave Wiuchell,
her husband, decreeing a separation of property
between the Baid parties, aud a dissolution of the
community of acquests aud gains existing between
them, and that plaintiff have the full aud entire
control and administration of her property; that
plaintiff do have aud recover of defendant the sum
ot fourteen thousand dollars, with legal interest
from j udicial demand until paid, and costs of suit,
witii the s;scisl lieu privilege aud mortgage
granted by law to married women for i he protec
•ion of their lights aud claims.
Judgment signed fifteenth November. 1871.
(.Signed) T. WHARTON CULLENS, Judge.
In testimony whereof, I nave hereunto set my
band and affl xed the seal of the said court at the city
of New Orleans, on this fifteenth day of November,
in tbe year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred
and seventy-one, and the ninety-sixtb year of the
independence of the United Sates.
GUS. L. BERNOUDY, Deputy Clerk.
no!7 del 16
THE STATE OF LOUISIANA.
SEVENTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF
ORLEANS.
SOPHIE BODENIIKIMER VS. MAX GRETZNER—
No. 9U61.
HEREBY CERTIFY' THAT ON THE TENTH
dav ot November, 1871, judgment was rendered
in this court iu the following entitled suit, in
the words and figures following, to wit:
oophie Bodeuheimer vs. Max Gretzuer—No. 9061.
On motion of A. L. Tissot, attorney for the plain
tiff in this cause, upou submitting to tbe court due
proof in support of her demand, aud the law aud
evidence being with plaintiff, it is ordered, adjudged
and decreed, that the judgment by default herein
entered, ou tile seventh instant, be'now confirmed:
that there be judgment in favor of plaintiff, Sophie
Bodeuheimer, against defendant. Max Gretzner,
her husband, decreeing a separation of property
between the said parties and a' dissolution of
the community of acquests and gaius existing
between them; aud that plaintiff' have the
full and entire control aud administration
of her property; that plaintiff do have and
recover of said defendant, the sum of twelve
thousand five hundred dollars, with legal interest
from judicial demand until paid, w ith the special
privilege lieu and mortgage granted by law to mar
ried women for the protection of their rights and
claims. It is further ordered that defendant pay
the costs of this suit.
Judgment signed November 15, 1871.
T. WHARTON COLLENS, Judge.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
band and affixed the seal of the said court, at the
city of New- Orleans, on this fifteenth day of No
vember. in the year of our Lord one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one, aud the ninety
sixth year of the independence of the United
States.
EDWARD COTTON,
nolT del 15 Deputy Clerk.
J»TATE OF LOUISIANA.
SECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF
ORLEANS—No. 34,794.
u the matter of the interdiction of Joseph Villa
rubia.
T his cask came up this day by consent.
Present: A. Grirna. for applicant; Braughn
Buck, for defendant.
When, after hearing pleadi.-gs, evidence and
counsel, the court being of opinion that the allega
tions ot the petition proving lor the interdictiou of
Joseph Villarubia have been justly established, and
that tiie said Joseph Villarubia is an iusane person—
It is ordered, adjudged and decreed that he be
pronounced an habitual insane person, wholly unfit
and incompetent tu take charge of himself and ad
mister li;s estate, and that, therefore, he be and
he is hereby declared interdicted aud disqualified
from performing any of the acts and contracts
w nidi persons of age and competent in law have
the [niw-cr of performing legally. The costs to he
borne by lus estate
Judgment rendered September 15. 1871.
Judgment signed September 20, 1871.
(Signed) L. DUVIGNEAUD, Judge,
iieja :,o lie3
TIIE tST^TE OF LOUISIANA.
SEVENTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH Ol
ORLEANS.
HENRIETTA MY'ER, WIFE OF SlORRtTZ GRETZ
cer. vs. Her Husband—Xu. 9060.
I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT ON THE TENTH
day of November, 1871. judgment was rendered
in this court in the following entitled suit, m
the words and figures following, to wit:
Henrietta Myer. wire of Morritz Gretzner, vs.
her Husband—No. 9060.
On motion of A. L. Tissot, attorney for the plain
tiff in this case, upon submitting to the court due
proof in support of her demand, and the law and
evidence being witii plaintiff, it is adjudged
ami decreed that the judgment by default herein
entered on the seventh instant be now con
firmed; that there be judgment in favor of plaintiff,
Henrietta Myer, against* defeudent, Morritz Gretz
ner, her husband, decreeing a separation of prop
erty between the said parties, and a dissolution
of the community of acquests and gains existing
between them; and that plaintiff have the full and
entire control aud administration of her property;
that plaintiff do have and recover of her saiu hus
band the sum of seven thousand two hundred
dollars, with legal interest from judicial demand
until paid, with the special privilege, lien and
mortgage granted by law to married women for
the protection of their rights and claims. It is
further ordered that defendant pay the costs of
this suit.
Judgment sinned November 15, 1871.
T. WHARTON COLLENS, Judge.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
baud and affixed the seal of the said court, at the
city of New Orleans, on this fifteenth day of
November, in the year of our Lord oue thousand
eight hundred ami seventy-one, aud ninety-sixth
ear of the independence of the United States.
GUS. L. BERNOUDY,
nol7 del 16 Deputy Clerk.
THE STATE OF LOUISIANA.
FOURTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THB PARISH
OF ORLEANS.
MRS. CATHERINE STAISLKY, WIFE OF ALEX
andcr Cuqny, vs. Her Husband, No. 27.827.
I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT ON THE ELEVENTH
day of November, 1871, judgment was en
tered in this court io the following entitled suit, in
the words and figures following, to wit:
Mrs. Catherine Stainley,/ wife of Alexander
Coquy, vs. her husband, No. 27,827.
Ou motion of Jnscob Duvigneaud. of counsel for
plaintiff, and on producing to tin court due proof
of plaintiff's demand, aud on further showing that
judgment by default was entered on the eighth in
stant against said defendant, Alexander Coquy,
and the law and evidence being in favor of plain
tiff. Catherine Staiuley, wife of Alexander Coquy,
and against said Alexander Coquy, her husband,
defendant, dissolving the partnership or communi
ty of acquests and gains 1 eretofore existing be
tween said Catherine Sfainley, wife of Alexander
Coquy, and Alexander Coquy, her husband, and
separating them iu property, defendant to pay
costs of suit.
Judgment signed November 16, 1871.
(Signed) PAUL E. THKARD, Judge.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto aet my
hand aud affixed the seal of said court, at the
city of New Orleans, on this sixteenth day of .No
vember. in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred aud seventy-one, and in the ninety-sixth
year of the independence of tiie United States.
OSCAR ARROYO.
no22 _ Deputy Clerk.
TIIE STATE OF LOUISIANA.
SEVENTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF
ORLEANS.
RACIIAEL FRANK VS. HER HUSBAND, MICHAEL
Levy—No. 8902.
1 HEREBY CERTIFY THAT ON THB TWENTY
seveuth day ot June, 1371, judgment was ren
dered in this court, in the following entitled suit,
in the words and figures following, to wit:
Rachael Frank vs. her husband, Michael Levy—
No. 8902.
>n motion of G. W. Kendall, of counsel for plain
tiff in this cause, upon submitting to tho court
due proof in support of her demaud, by reason of
the law aud evidence being with plaintiff, it is
adjudged aud deerred that the judgment by de
fault herein entered on the twenty-first instaut be
now confirmed; that there lie judgment iu favor of
plaintW, Rat-lino! Frank, against defendant, Michael
Levy, her husband, decreeing a separation of prop
erty between tbe said parties, and that plaintiff he
authorized to carry ou business in her own name,
and for her own account, andthat plaintiff do have
and recover of defendant, her husbaud, the sum of
threw thousand dollars, and costs of suit.
Judgment sigued July I. 1831.
igued July 1. 1871.
T. WHARTON COLLEN3, Judge.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the seal of the said court, at the
city of New Orleans, on this eixth flay ot- July,
in the year of our Lord one v m«nnil eight
hundred and seventy-one, and the ninety-sixth year
of the Independence of the United Staton
T. A BOLAND,
HC25 del3 25' Deputy Clerk.
RAILROADS.
IJYO THE TRAVE LING PUBLIC.
WSW ORLEANS, JACKSON AND GREAT NORTH
ERN RAILROAD.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
On and after Sunday, November 12, passengers to
all points North, East and West will leave New Or
leans from the depot, Calliope street.
Way, Mail and Passenger, leave Daily
(Sundays excepted),at..
Night Express, leave Daily, at...
Night Express, arrive Daily, at...
Mail and Pa
71 AO A.
4 <30 P.
litiOO
nger, arrive Daily (Sun
days excepted i, at................. 13t00 P. M.
Night Express will stop only at all regular sta
tions sonth of Magnolia, and at flag stations Satur
day nights and Monday mornings.
Five Hours and a Half Qaicker(than
any Other Use.
Baggage cheeked from residence to destination,
and berths secured in Pullman Palace Cara as
usual. X
Tickets for sale at No. 22 Camp street, corner of
Common street, and at depot corner of Calliope
and Magnolia streets.
9. E. CAREY, General Ticket Agent,
New Orleans Jackson and Great Northeen Railroad.
D. B. MOREY, General Ticket Agent,
ap22
Mississippi Central Railroad.
C. P. ATMORK, General Passenger Agent
FM
N
KW ORLEANS. MOBILE
TEXAS RAILROAD.
('bangs of Schedule Sunday, December 3,
1871.
DEPARTURE AND ARRIVAL OF TRAINS.
1 I A. Of. Express (leaves daily) arrives at Mo
bile at 5:20 P. M., connecting with
through trains for Louisville, St. Louis,
Atlanta, Lynchburg and all points
North, East and West. Pullman
Palace Sleeping Cars run by this trai
from New Orleans to Louisville; also
from Teusas s near Mobile, to Lynch
-5 P. 01
burg, without change.
Evening Express (leaves daily) ar
rives at Mobile at 11:99 P. M., making
close connection with Mobile anii
Ohio Railroad for Meridian, Selma,
Dalton, Lynchburg and New York,
with Pullman Palace Sleeping Cain
running through from New Orleans to
Lynchburg; also a Ladies' Car from
New- Orleans to Dalton, Georgia, with
out change
From Mobile, trains leave 12:35 A. M.; arrive at
Sew Orleans at 7 A. M.
From Mobile, trains leave 10:30 A. M.; arrive at
New Orleans at 5 P. M.
DONALDSONVILLB TRAINS
Leave Donaldsonville at 7 A. M.
Arrive at New Orleans (foot of Canal street) at
II A. M.
Leave New Orleans (foot of Canal street) at 3 P. M.
Arrive at Donaldson villa at 7:15 P. M.
Through Freight Trains daily between New Or
leans and Mobile. Freight received at foot of
Girod street before 6 P. M. delivered in Mobile at
7 A. M. next day.
Tnrough Bills of Lading signed for all points
North. East aud West; also rates for Donaldson
vi'le and way stations. Apply at Freight Office, at
fast of Girod street.
G. W. ft. BAYLEY,
General Superintendent.
G. G. SANBORN,
General Ticket Agent.
W. J. PHELPS.
_General Freight Agent. oolO ly
S
FECIAL NOTICE.
St. Lonia, Iron Nlountali and Saathani
Railroad.
THE ONLY ALL RAIL ROUTE
To St. Lonia, Chicago, Omaha. San Fraaoiaoo, It
Paul. Karma City, Leavenworth, St. Joseph,
Aad all Potato North, East aad Woo*.
TWO EXPRESS TRAINS leave the New Orleans,
Jackson aud Great Northern Railroad Depot
daily, at 7 A. M. and 5 P. M.
AN EXPRESS TRAIN leaves the foot of Canal si toot
daily at 11 A. M., via the llewOrleans, Mobile and
Chattanooga Railroad, making close nonniwi
tions at Mobile with the Mobile and Ohio Rail
road to all points North, East and West.
For tickets apply to
A. D. SHELDON,
Ticket Agent New Orleans, Jackson and Groat
Northern Railroad, corner Camp and Common
streets, under City Hotel; or to
_ W. BEDELL,
Ticket Agent New Orleans, Mobile and Chattanooga
Railroad, corner Camp and Common streets,
Story Building, opposite City HoteL
J. H. WINGFIELD,
General Superintending Agent 8t. Louis, Iron Moun
tain and Southern Railroad. noM
BUSmESSOARDS.
y CAPITON,
MERCHANT TAILOR,
NOVELTIES, ETC..
No. 2 .......Carondelet Street.........No. it
Near Canal,
or25 lm _NEW ORLBAN4. f
William G. Cotlb,
Samckl Alstom, Hosier Woon k Co.,
New Orleans. Pittsburg.
G. FOYLE A CO.,
C(^\I, MERCHANT!*.
Office—No. 13S Ciravler Street.
oc20 6 in
C HRISTIAN. A PAUL/
(Paul J. Christian,) (Albert Paul,)
AUCTIONEERS,
30............Carondelet Street...........50
Second door from Union street, New Orleans.
Will attend to the purchase and sale of rea
estate cotton, cargoes, furniture, aud out-door
sales of every description. no2 lm
QUARLES G. SCHULZE,
No. 66 Gravier Street, New Orleans.
Postoffice Box 1138.
Stereotype and Electrotyping.
Seal Press Engraving. Die Sinking, Stencil Cutting,
Designing. Agency for the best Card and Caned*
tng Stamps, Red, Black and Blue Ink, Ribbons for
Hand Stamps, Stencil Plates, etc. First premium
for best Stereot ype Plate at last Fair. (aU
JJE WINT A MAUREL,
(F. DsWINT, O. A. MAUREL.)
Dealers In Pittsburg, Anthracite and Ca»
NEL COAL AND WOOD.
Steamers and families supplied promptly.
Office No. 130 St. Louis street, near
,Burgundy,
au25 3m ft EW ORLEANS, LA._
Q 8IEHLE A CO..
CHRIS. MRHLK, B. C. STRINBACK, J. DONALDSON,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS
von TBS
8ALR OP LIVR STOCK.
Stock Landing, Now Orleans.
Joi ly
J^DWAUD O'ROURKE,
Steam Boiler Manufacturer and Blacksmith,
Nos. 183 aud 185 Fulton and 213 New Levee streets,
between St. Joseph and Julia streets. Residence
No. 380 Clio street. Low Pressure, Looomotive,
flue and Cylinder Boilers; Clarifiers, Filters mid
Juice Boxes made at shortest notice; aad all work
done at thia establishment will bis guaranteed
equal in point of workmanship and material to any
in the city or elsewhere. _ jeis |y
JOHN GRAYER,
Proprietor of PhoBnix Stables and Undertaker, Not.
35 and 37 Elysian Fields street, opposite Pontehar
train railroad. Third District, New Orleans. Car*
riageo. Barouches, Buggies and Saddle Horses to
hire. Horses bought, sold end kept on livery.
Patent Metallic Burial Cases, Mahogany, Black
Walnut and plain Coffins always on band. Funer
als attended to by tbe Proprietor, who hopes, by
strict attention to business, to obtain n share o i
W ILLIAM PHILLIPS, UNION BTA«
bles, No. 180 Calliope, near St. Charleostreet,
has every accommodation in tbe line of Pleasure
and Fam ly carriages such as hacks, brettes, phae
tons, buggies, etc., for the use of the public, and
at rates to correspond with the stringency or the
times. All hacking done below tariff rates. Or
ders for weddings, halls, picnics, races, etc., will
be attended to so as to guarantee satisfaction. 1
am also prepared to hire vehicles (alone) to par
ties having their own horses. |e!6 ly
IN BANKRUPTCY.
ESTATE OF JOSEPH F. COLEUS.
Opfich of United State* Marshal, r
District of Louisiana,
New Orleans. November 1 1871
T his is to give notice that on tor
thirtieth day of October, A. D. 1871, a warrant
in bankruptcy was issued against the estate of
Joseph F. Colbus, of New Orleans, in the parish
of Orleans, and Stats of Louisiana, who has been
adjudged a bankrupt on bis own petition: that tho
""i v e t f »"y debts and dell very of any property
tonich bankrupt,to bim or for his use, and
the
use,
the transfer ot any property by him are forbidden by
law; that a meeting of tho creditors of Mid bank
rupt, to prove their debts and to choose one or
more assignees of hie estate, trill be held at a
Court of Bankruptcy, to be holden at New Orleans,
J® Customhouse ouBdiag, before C. A Kellogg,
■agletor. on tho fourth day of Deeemhor, A. P.
UM, at nine o'clock A. M.
■SSI
A A PACKARD