ESOLATION.
IVID DESCRIPTION OF HRE
I BURNING OF CHI(ICGO.
RIGIN OF THE FIRE.
FIVE HUNDRED PEOPLE PERISH
IN THE FLAMES.
iWe Fgllitt of the Pauln Stricken
Multitude One Iulandred
tl4duasnd People without
F'od or lnheler.
tA I I -E fOII'.
We aive a report of the fire and its incl
I .rr, it"p!alily prepared for the Associated
1',,:s by those who witncsscd and fought
!::c flaules thfoulghout. lte on Sunday
tIl,'ing, Cd:tobcr i h, a b-by sent into a
S.1e on be ftoven street, deiar .he r!Ver, on
theq west side, to milk a cow, carrying with
lhim a keroecne luarp. T'is was kicked
over by the cow, and the burning tIli(d scat
tered arolen the straw. This was the be
ninlog ~t the great lire; A single ex
tinguisher' on thiE groetul, Or act:Ye work ol
lI' polict in. tearing dawn ohe or two
d::tnties, would havD pDeventcd the spread
!-ze of the Il:e.~c; but tlie engines were
-,aited for, :ind.when they arrived the fire
ihh, stupetfed liy exertion at the fireSatur
ay night, worked sltwly and clumsily.
'lheit eltorts were unavailing. T'he wind
S-om ti.p southwest blew a gale rapidly.
hec flames shot from heuse to house, and
.oard yard to board-yard, until the district
ba.rned the night before was reached.
TIll S LAMES CROSS THE RIVER.
Mt:wnwhile the flames crossed the riv(r
,orth of Twelfth street on the south side.
ahd lade for a brick snd stone business
'lock the railroad freight depots and manu
4t.tlnrng estdbllphments. 'i he full extent
r r the datfgei wit then tealhed for the first
time.i The fire department, already tired.
worked like heroes. 'The mayor and his
city government, that lhqd supinely rested,
t:o w began to exert themselves, but the op
i rtuuity had been lost. The time when a
thorgh orgsnluation could have blown au
bu'ildings or prepared for the emergenc3
was ieglected.
A rIltOr .,x LItE.
It, wts now a fight for life. A stiff gale
!had possesalon of the flames. and the beau
.'il buildings, CUicagot's glory, lay before
tlcm. Ii'rr1on, Van Buren, Adams, Mon
hip ant Miadisof were soon reached The
Itltervening blocks from the rl.er to Dear
bont street on the east were beingeonsumed.
Three quarters of a mile of brick blocks
!ere consumed as if by maglc. It being
Sanday, the proprietors and employes were
at home, uttrly unconscious of what was
transpiring. Those who saw the dlames up.
posed it was the remains of laturdsy nig hts
tire, and having confidence in the fire de
parttent were Uneoncerned but between
eleven and twelve o'clock a rumor got
abroad that the fire was In the businees por.
t!on of the city. 'hen the people com
menced running. Horses were brought into
requisition to take the pro tors and others
to the conflagration. hat a scene met
their Cg.m. The board otrade, court-house
Wea.,_ Union telegra_ and Associated
FPramsife and hundreds of other build
Ing were alla ame. The air was filled I
with .li. peeOs which were hurled to the t
noith and east abesom of destruction. The t
ftre engines were powerless for saving. a
LOWING Lso nBUILDIGS.
All ,tat men could do was to blow up
IulldAgi.n. but thiu availed but little. Th
imt.,, Truuns, Post, RpubLica,, Jorrnacl,
and other ewsape oflloes, Western News
company's block, Field a Leiter's establish
ment, a brick block reently built. Farwell
Co., all were soon in ashes. It seemcd
that no sooner had the flames struck a wall
than they went directly through, and in a
very few minuates suficed to destroy the
most elaborately bult structure. The wells
melted and the verybrick. were consumed.
The wooden pavements took lire, making a
continuous sheet of flame two miles long by
one ..l.e wide. No human beingeorld pos
ebl, s.rvive many miutes. Block after
block tell, and the red-het coalsshot bhiher
andhigber, and spread fsrther and farther,
until thme North Side, Like Side and South
Side were
A VAST ErSET OF PLAM)
fom the river to thelake. At one timeso
hemamed in were the people thaitit wase
p t ha..aa s must perish. The Sher.
man taetbr hotels es pem-p
and. aa .r& rkablteasightapro.
lves.1' hee who
could;~~ g for:; lea remaining brldes.
Oh to the keshore, and so to
milianan or ws t lass s .sesioon
The JleekiaDear
on e st a tstc this
bl .4r&hol of men an
the roor. At
a~t. isand
A iaii whila
stres. .a ema
to
abm u
·.L·n: .:r'.

I:·1.1
ifth 4
af~·;~
north, the eye ranges over a vast plain.
miles in extent, broken by the trunks of
withered and burnt trees, scattered through.
out the landscape singly and in clusters, and
the ruins of burnt churches here and there
in various sthges of ('?s.rpitlon, looming up
against the sky, amoig. the most tioticeable
E being the North Presbyterian, Episcopalian,
corner of Cass and Superior street, German
Lutheran, Unity, Robert Oollyer's, the New
England Congregational, German Re
formed, dt. Joseph s (Catholic,) St. Michael's
(Catholic,) and others. The ruins of Sands,
Lill's, Henck's Millers Bush's and Brand's
Sbreweries, also form prominent poInts in
the landscape.
\tATERWORKS REC(K.
Towards the ndrtbedst the* waterworks
H tow r lifts its betut!ful tropo-tions utiln
jured to the sky; but the waterworks, im
mediately to the east of it and handreds of
feet from other buildings in the line of the
tire, is a complete wreck, the engines and
Snmassive machinery inside presenting a
scene of utter destruction.
AWtUL Los of :li.4;;
It is fearfutl ti think of the loss ot life. It
Is conjectured, and with good cause, that
near fiv, huidtlred have been burned to
d.eth. *e saat four lften tpter a burning
building, and in a moment taey etre over
whelmed by a falling wall. L'here was a
crowd of men around the corner of the
building trying to Save the property, when
it the wall yieldlng some of them were buried
y beneath it. Trin e Weti- ot the south Side,
On the 'North Side, twelve or fifteen men.
womep and children rufshed Into the build
's inkg the IH!stolical socitty, i fire-proot
h building, for safety. in i I5w minutes the
d llamek burst up and ttey were burlied to
death. Among them is the venerable Col.
Sam. Stone, long connected with the so
cicty. lie was eighty rears of age; also
ohn Ii. Gerard and wife; Madamoiselle
I IUpelgroum, the noted teacher of music,
p h ft he aftd it is feared that 1);. Freer and
Stfamily, also were butned, as they were in
I- the buidlding, ad have not been seen since.
e irs. Edsall whose htt band was murdered
e last week, dho was stffering frotn illness,
was carried away for protectieO to a build
ing which was afterwards consumed, and it
d is feared she also perished. All the books
and papers of the llisto:icalsociety, includ
m lig the original copy of the famous emanci
t pation proclamation of Presidant Lincoln,
for which the society paid $23 000, were de
stroye'l
ciil.!Rn.n .'.tstif.
r it is feared that large numbers of chil
dren, inmates of the Catholic orphan society
on 4:ate street, were also burned, as many
t of theut are tMilsing. On Chicago avenue
a father rushed tip stairs tO Carry three chil
dren away, when he Was overtaken by the
flames and ferlshed With them the mother
was afterward seen On the stteet, on the
northwest side, a raving maniac. In the
same neighborhood, a family of five persons
perished. The list of such fatalities is very
long, and can only be fully verified after the
smoke has been cleared away. There are
hundreds of families on that side who saved
no clothing( barely their lives. Among
thess as the family- of PVrry Smith, formerly
president of the Northwestern railroad
company.
ANOTIIER ELOQUENT ACC'cUNr.
Curcaoo, Oct, 10-The following elo
quent and truthful description of the fire
has been furnished by a gentleman who
participated in the work throughout: None
but an eye witness can form an idea of the
fury and power of the fire-fled, as he rev
eled among the palatial buildings and ware
houses on the South Side. With the wind
blowing a hurricane at times, it seemed but
the work of a* moment for the fire to enter
the south ends of buildings fronting on
Randolph, Lake and Water streets and re
appear at the North doors and windows.
BELCIIL'G FORTH IN FIERCE F.LAtas
Which oftenlicked the opposite buildings,
and then the dfames belching from buildings
on both sides of the street would unite and
present a solid mass of fire, completely Ail
ing the street from side to side, and shoot
ing up an hundred feet into the air above
the house-tops in their mad career, and
thus was street after street filled with flame
and fire, and the exultation of the fire fiend
was given vent to in a roar which can only
be equalled by combining the noise of the
ocean when its waters are driven, during a
tempest, upon a rocky beach, with the howl I
of the blast.
HUGE WALLS WOULDi TOPPLE
I And fall into the sea of fire without, appar.
I ently, giving a sound, as the roar of the
I fiery element was go great that all the
minor sounds were swallowed up. The fall
of walls was only perceptible to the eye,
Sand not to the ear. If our readers will re
call to their minds the fiereest snow storm
t in their experience, and imagine the snow
to be fire as it surged hither and thither be.
fore
r TRH FURY OF THE FIEND,
r They will be able to form a faint concep
lion of the flames as they raged through the
streets of our doomed city. Msy of the
buildings situated along outh Water street
buried their red-hot rear walls in the wa
ters of the river nlto which they plunged
twith
A III5 LIKEL UPTO NOTHING EARTHLY,
Throwing 'up a billow of water, which
woidradually ubside, until other walls
i would follow. The beat'*as so Intense at
i tieslrom some of the nmbinr.nn .bul s
t they coul not bd bed thin
one bu red and filty feet, whih aeccunts
I for the manner iq which: the Are worked
back, andofted against the wind.
l.eAr.n THE RIVER.
SThei tire, afltet reaching Randolph and
South Water streets, lea theeriver to the
Nor th ildo ldr anu: Ip s lbly ifbor apa of
1 tlme, and thence amlongfthe w;~a bolid
s ngs on that side, i1 reached the Lake shore
alter tounehibl.tek after block Of l lppy
I dwelling.u~ wpitqIhf.reA Mast.
1 AsAeen.O.A rweCWO $tle eO*.ta t Ilight
n enemy was ne r presented than this.
t Thopeopt were tryiag to doImbasthe t ri
1 fiend and the combt was no of long do
tlo, for
i #$OILEI BOWED THEIR Il .ADS
In anguish of sopirit and suflered the fiend to
Shave trammelled sway, and ell and thor
ouu y has he done his work. Theroe s noth
`.bth.e-pr history y ertni .ed nations
plants calattty °can be eom
te ared. 8 aln .ueutrtimewill tm4
h. Fire," whena mentioned, bring to
Ue heartl. ..l f e an
b+ih to .tu._.. of a almle of
DiATADLY CONDUCT.
W3 theira greante many .nsanee of
º ~partot reh
h rt ass athe ir d ct, are
SI orI v ngwt tthe destltate, thoe me
*flm -te-y- :a
loic.e Who
o *Ip
Wit. Ul iC*TIfs
N~ .b m
4 s reaii i tºt·e ta
and the sugar refinery beyond, have also
been swept away. A few buildings and one
elevator near Kinzie street bridge, Mr. Og
den's residence, with a stab!e in the rear to
the north of Washington park, and a dchool
house -in the extreme northwestern part.
are about all the buildings remaining on the
North Side. The fre swept to the north
ward until it r'acbed thie wodds to the ex
treme north and no more buildirgs were
left for the fire fiend to feed upon. The fire
even entered the old cemetry at North ave
nue, and licked up the trees and shrubbery,
cracking and
IPESTFOYING THE "oIMn STONES
in its way. The `'iqholJon pavement has
passed through the fierce ordeal in a very
perfect manner and it is ss firm to-day4 in
nearly all the streets as need be desired.
n* had-.w6nkts
on the North Side oft the rivet h~'rfk appear
to have sustained but little damage.
A REAL BLESSING.
The large fire on the West Side which oc
curred ott Saturday night may now be
looked upon asareal blessing, for had it not
been for Qhe vacatntground occasioned by it,
two blocks in width, the fire would have
swept unhindered to the northward, and
destroyed in its path the principal manufac
turing district of the city, and the bulness
portion of the West Side. As it was, this
vacant grontd *t:a tha iftans of checking
the fire on the West Side, but on its way to
the S ruth Side, it swept away the national
elevdtor which so nobly withstood the tire
an S .turtlay night.
TIHE 1WET ail,.
Thi. ground buorned over on the WestSide
is ab,,ut one mile in length from Ile Koven
street to,Van Buren, and perhafi a quarter
of a uit.le in wldth; bordering along the
river for most of the itdy, aqd consuming
the Chicago and Alton ra!lrdad freight
house, together with all freight cars in their
yards. The Pittsburg and Fort Wayne
treight house was saved.
1fLE RO'THi SIDE.
On the South Bide the district burned over
extends .rom Hlartison street north to the
river, a'nl i.tts the south branch east to the
lake, taking lu every ttlldilng without ex
ception, but the Lind block, located at Ran
dolph street br!.i', and a new building on
ttbe corner of IaSalle aid M1onroe. The
Michigan Southern and Io~ck Island pas
senger houses, and thp great Union depot.
together with the Michigan Central and
Illinois Central freight houses have been
swept away, together with mne of their
elevators. The principal oflicer of the
Chicago, _urlil~ton and Quincy, and of the
Chicago and 1GCrthwestern railroads are
also utterly destroyed. From the latter not
a scrap of paper outside of the safes was
rescued. The most remarkable featuie of
all is the fact that the brick of buildings
was burnt to ashes the same as it of wood,
so that for the most part the rubbish does
not present a formidable appearance. There
are hundreds of acres almost as clean as a
nicely cleared field. Stone work, both sand
and limestone, melted down, fo: the most
part, into a disintegrated mass.
THE COURT-IIOUSE.
In the destruction of the court-house the
county records were destroyed, and a great
deal of trouble may be anticipated from
this source. It is reported that Chase Bros.,
abstract men, have saved their copy of re
cords by removing them in vehicles from
their rooms before the fire reached them.
THE FIRE IN TIIIRTY-FIRST STREET.
The tire in Thirty-first street has been ex
tinguished with Ii:tle loss. We breathe free
again.
VIGILANCE COMMITTEES
And patrolmen arc' busy. Weather clear
and cold. I; has been estimated that 30,000
people slept on the prairies and beneath
rude structures.
Clothln,. as well as provisions, are
needed. Mayor Mason has oriered that no
more liquor be sold in any saloon until
further orders. It is time.
HEAVY VOLUMES OF FLAME&
Are still seen along the river. Thousands
of tons of coal are on fire in the yards. The
towns in the vicinity are sending in car
loads of cooked provisions. An immense
amount of stealing was done.
LOOKING FOR THEIR SAFES.
The hanks are looking for their safes to
day. The Third National bank and some
others have found everything ruined. The
board of public works have put five Ihun
dred men at work in the water department.
MERRCnHANTS LOSSES.
Field Leiter's loss in goods is put at
$3.000 000. They saved ab ut .250,000 of
this stocs. The other houses lostr heavily.
A French Trial.
Oalignsai furnishes a report of the trial of
Marie leroy, widow, who was called the
handsome mayoress of the communists."
She was charged, first, with having, by
cries and menaces, endeavored to excite an
attempt to cause devastation and massacre
In the city of Paris: second, of complicity
in assisting Urbain in his violence and rob
bery ot a person named Landau third, of
complicity In the abstraction of funds des
tinedor instruction in the Seventh arron
dissement (St. Gertain.) Theprisoner, who
is agooeookling young woman, fair, with
bright blue eyes, twenty-one years of age,
was handsomely dressed. During the first
siegeof Paris she replaced tihe amusements
of the theaters and halls, which had been
closed by the excitement of politics. She
attended the various clubs and frequently
addressed the audience. who were lscinta
ted by her beauty and her really flew of lan
guage. At ore of these, the I'reax Cleres,
Rue da RaeL, she enobuntee.il IUrhain and
speedily obtained an unbounded empire over
him. Afterwards, when te commune was
Instituted and lia was c'lel g tlcd to adlimnins
ter the seventh arroildisseient,, $he accom
panied him to the Malre. where they took
up therabodeasald site sppears to have usur
pedan unlimited auority. and to .sve been
the soul of the Insurrection in that quarter.
and to hbae been the Instigator of .Lumer
ous researches in which she generally accom
paided Urbain. In one of theseexpedlttona,
that mentioned In the ndianleent, she was
accused of having carried off the Jewelry
of Mine. Landau, and witnesses were called
to prove that they had seen her wearing
rings belonging to .sat person. Althouge
pomsessed of no means of her own, sthe
made herself eonspienous by her pirebases
of expensive articles, and partularly as re
gards her' dress. number of witnesses
were ealled to esaab the foregoing facts,
and after an loeet a fdrs from M.
Aire. ROUIISJIa t of t acqused,
the la*stt, .titer diit di had any
t6Iogdo abV Ilannocence and
dooluedsheaial ýIehaoread thist
.be eesvIiuiet theft. The .abtst, fter an
hoear'sddebubeaarod ahsr-guiltyon the
-ivei. eooid mounais with extenuasting
drcemutaud s, acquitted her on the thirS
and seantenced her to simple transportation.
Tras-. ns Tarii i s I a usnoxN.-The
.tern osfbtb. .ether Mtates
temls_ apn.d- they aim
'In ng" 'cup to th
1. pelnance men, hay
Iian w aonce ma.fited to
ahieIW' and theybav oc
that the
clamorous
t #4 lihotel and
bbouad by
aons in the
Stim of
i orlr whegleca
of' Sunday, aind
thlni2 fc. week
ii5jj i;2++ 4 t
o HUMOROUS.
A liic-id- tail-The cat's.
It is tiireasonah!c to complain h,,raust
your clocks slops-it can nlotget on without
at weighit.
D)ecembcr may be said to be the wearing
apparel of the Ecasonc, it being the close of
the year.
If three fi tt will make a yard,'how many
hands need you employ to build a warehouse
in it?
Facts should be put down In black and
white; in another colored Ink they might
appear ink-red-idle.
A writer-on school discipline says: "With
out a liberal use of the rod it is impossible
to make brys smart."
A young married woman in the country
says she wishea~she had a magic mirror to
see how her husband amuses himself in her
iabsence.
A domestic rt'vlation--Nice Boy: I'm
iolly glad you're going to stop with us."
Visitor: "Are you darling? Why so?" Nice
Boy Cause we shall have such nlce din
tiers now."''-Judy.
A carpenter being asked for a riddle, pro
pounded the following: "I picked it up; I
couldn't find it; I wanted to get rid of it.
but put it down and went along with It."
It was ai sliver in his foot.
I believe that mine will be the fate of
Abel," said a devoted wife to her husband,
one day. How so?" repllied the husband;
Because Abel was killed by a club. and
your club will kifH me if you continui to go
toit every night."
"I wish I was a little French girl," said a
ten-year-old. Why asked her mamma.
Bt seic then I shoul:l know two lan
guages." How so?" "Why you know that
I can speak English now, ar.d French would
make two."
Some one, evidhntly ai novice, propounds
the following 'Why do they put up so many
more of pears, peaches, and small lruits now
than formerly Because they 'can.'
'1 never coull bear children said a rusty
old maid to Mrs. Partington. 'Perhaps if
you could you would like tnem better,' mild
ly replied the old lady.
'Let ut remove temptation from the path
of youth.' as the frog ..:id when he jumped
into the a'e-, tp1,, seeing a boy pick up a
stone.
Irhen Mrs. Malapropn does take a glass of
something at niglhtshe likes it pretty strong
She hates, she says. to hamv her rum-and
water too much polluted.
An eminent surgeon s:ays that spirit unlism
is a disease that can be cured by tincture of
iron and strychnine. We should think that
stryt hn:ne alone would be euflicit nt.
o -m-----·
Wo1 AtN')S YAIrT--Woman's faith under
adverse circ.ti.stances is apt to be very
steadliast, and it is pleasant to reflect that it
is occasionally rewarded. There is, for in
starnce, no woman who would give up an
old debt a3 untcallectable until a hundred
years or so after the death of the debtor,
and qlcite often this belief in the virtue of
bad paper brings money. Some months
ago," an exchange tells us, "the extraor
dinary career of Ilenry Mleigs, the ab
sconded defaulting banker of San Francis
co. was pretty fully described by the press
of the country generally. A copy of one
of the journals which containci the story
tell into the hands of Mrs. Joslyn. a hard
working washerwoman in San Francisco.
While Henry Melgs ilourished in San Fran
cisco. Mrs. Joslyn deposited .with him
$2 500, and when Meigs and her money
vanished the time in which a woman could
lay up so much money from the profits of
her business had vanished also. But Mrs.
Joslyn washed on and kept her head above
water. She learned from the newspapers
how much money her old banker had made
In South America in building railroads, and
with a woman's beautiful faith in human
nature she embarked In the Panama steam
er and sought the millionaire In his South
American palace. She presented her bank
book and told her tale. Melgs listened, and
when she had finished her recital 'he hand
ed her a check for the amount of the depos
it. with interest from its date to the time of
payment. She then started on her return to
California, arriving in San Francisco last
week; and has probably by this time sub.
scribed for the paper in which she read the
news which led to her good fortune."
LIST OF PATENTS
Ricca::tly issued from the United States
Patent office, report" Prindle A Dyer,
attorneys at law, an dr tors of American
and foreign patents, Wsbington,D). C., and
southeast coraer Fifth and Pine streets, St.
Louis, Mo.
MISSOURI.
It frigerator-1) Cromwell, St. Louis.
Spark Arrester-W M K Thornton, St.
Louis.
L)Dut Shkld for railway cars-W M K
Thornton. St. Louis.
Itefrigerator-J B Websti r, St. Louis.
Cutting Apparatus, for harvesters-J T
Polson, Lo'cltede.
II of Parer-I-saac Baker, Long Branch.
Lltup-- F T Grimes, Liberty.
Ani American, writing from the Smith
African diamond fields. says: The diamonds
found here are pronounced the finest in the
world in hardness and brilliancy. The
camr, is filled with diamond buyers for the
Lodolnu markets. The prices range from
one to three pounds sterling per carat, in
gold, for stones in ihe rough. A great
imany stones of four;oen to twenty carats
have been found. The most of the 1srge
one. are of a yellowish hue, and do not
bring as good price as lths white garnets,
and bioth rie found in great quantities.
Making a fair estimate. the chance one has
of maiking a: fortune is about one In one
thousand. A few do tolerably well, and the
balance of the thousand spend their money
and time, get nothing, and leave in disgust.
I hope the Americans will not get the dia
mond fever. If they do they will regret it.
*IPl'imples on the Face, Eruptions,
Blotches, Scrofulous diseases, and all sores
arising from impure blood, are cured by
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
585.
Trust what Time bha flametioed.
The maxim that the voice of the people is the
voice of the Dirlnity, may in some eases, be open
to doubt, but thetestimony of honest and enlight
ened witnesses extending through a series of years,
and tll to the same purport, is worthy of credence,
admits of no question. Upon such testimony the
rep'ia.ioa of iostetter's Stomach Bitters as an
antidote and cure for many ailmte s based.
During the twenty years that It has b'r.bebr the
world, Innumerable ptrarations intended to com
pete with it, have gose up like rockets, and come
down the ext'nagulsned sticks. Meanwhile the pro
grees of that -tacomparable tonic has been swift
and steady-always upwiard and orward like the
eqg'e' Slight. Its introduction produced a revo
lution in therapeutic, sand it proved to be one of
thW sa lutery revolutions that can not go back
wards. Toedly Instetter's Bitters is one of the
amost popular remedies in chrIstendom, and com
rgands a larger sale than any other spdiInal pre
paration, domestie or imported, dao thu ildd of the
Atlantic. As a care far dyspepsia, bllous disca.
denrs nervous a.eetless, general debility, and its
WpreventiWe of epidemio foeIrs, itt-takes prece
dence of every other remedy. This fast should
teach the ambitious country dealers who endeayor
to foist their oeal abortions on the public ia Irt
stead; howittitle their small attempts to cajole thi
muity minst necessarity be; Where the game
have failed, there is so chance for the "suek-.
If t life-remewfl. fouatalm. like that
aoght for by De o ho.ukai burst from the
earthateLerfssa'a .'4 .ssduld dtur
t.a.t backs poes the Sepre .lt I
re.sh, rlorm after se .a ea
isedoes shaalw es with puberns, whise Ibis
wiut-s ris .5baa Is asesmbh f. ait. hIpa
th ma ti, Wnrees, gds snrw tae b s N
orgass, pad is at ut.sllttg pperoI for Inadale
Iiosa
A GENTLEMAN..-\O man is a gentleman
who, without provocation, would maltreat
the humblest of his species; nor has any
man occasion for pride of ungentlemanll
ness, whose manhood has nothing in it of
rt ligion. To treat without cause, the beg
gar with incivility, is a breech of etiquette
for which no accomplishment of dress or
address can ever make amends. Show us
the man who desires to make every person
with whom he comes in contact happy,
whose greatest solicitude is never to give of
fense to any one, and we will show you a
gentleman, by nature and by practice,
though he may never have worn a broad
cloth coat, nor heard of a lexicon.
ARE YOU GOING TO PAINT?
I'SE TIlE CELEBRATED
Averill Chemical Paint.
i'ure While and e\ cry shade of color for fluest
House Painting!
ALL MIXED READY FOR USE.
IThe st durable. beautiltul and economical H.lae
I'int maml.c. Every mall call do hit.s own pailltilg.
'l'his paint has leen iln use t ight years. an:; its supap
ri l nt 'rl thlronAlly pruven. Senlld for balupie carls
sod circulars. Adlress,
GEO. PARTRItI)(;E C'4.
,:(nral Western Agents.
,C6-311 12 X. Main street, t. Loui.
T II 1C
Greatest Wonder
()f the .Age
1S TIlE
Unbounded Scocess
-Ax)
UNPARALLELED POPULARITY I
OP TIlE
HIATE6 STOVE
.EVERY ONE IS GUARANTEED
TO GIVE A
More Uniform and Pleasant Heat,
TO USE
LESS WOO J)
Are more carefully fitted.
To be more easily and cheaply mounted,
To be under more perfect control.
To baveastrongerdraft. and give better eattifaction.
and SOLD FPO A EISa PRICE tithan any sheet Irot
stove In the market.
SOLD BY
EXCELSIOR MANUFACTURING CO.,
612 614 N. MAIN STREET,
BT. LOUIS, NO.
And all live stove dealers. seplldul
$20 A DAY
Ma 1e itn telling the new "ILVER MARKEl. Send
for Circular. W. BARNARD CO.,
oc rt-Sm T14 Ollve street. Mt. Louts. Mo
CATARRH CATARRH
IT CAN BE CUBED.
ir ulars, price lists, and all necessary Idorration
cau 1it bad by addressing (with return ppostre stamp)
nct2-tt REV. T. P. CHIDS. Troy. Ohio.
IEMXABLIMHEK)
31 AM.s 31
JONES' COMMERCIAL COLLEGE,
LW. CON. FIFTN A OLIVE STS.,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
JONATHAN JONES, Presidet.
JOHN W. JOHNSON, rrofes.or of Book-keeptng.
THOl. P. SAUJDE]SN, rinclpal Book-keeping De.
partment.
JOHN W. ELLIS Professor Mathematics. In charge
of Commerciai Calculation Department.
J OHN 0. BOHMER, Profcsmor l'nmanship; In charge
Writing Department.
JONATHAN JONlS, Lecturer on Commercial Law,
Ethics, eke.
Cireulat and catalogusr givig all neccessary infor
mation regIrd to tuition, board, time to complete,
etc.. ualled free.
1No vtation. AdIdrren
J. W. JO HN. Managtng PirlneLpal.
autHsqm
UNITED STATES
HIOTEL.
COR, BROADWAY BIDDLE ST,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
DYER CO., PROPRIETORS.
(Formerly of the St. Nlcholas lotel,)
Transiont Cuests, per dar, $2.00
II. P. EDAR }Cleri.
A. J. 7:MiUD]E,
sepfi 3m
IMPROVED PAT'D SPECTACLES
OR SjALE, ecurtel adjusted to the eye, from n
F!cat iiton of that organ aseeas.oau to eItjul
aswee y by8tileals by dayllgh. wltbont eeding a
change to those ofstronger maegnyIig power from IU
to u years.
BY EDW. 8. FRANKS M. D.
Lecturer on thamnEms, ando use n wa
of alm;ife.roor aad O-Ho w
Yo 1Dul e mm e Ital.T; and optalean to
Ytie New York Eye and Y ak oplctl.
oornme. Soe aS. FIFT T. ST. Ir. LoB, MO.
18y e rns czn.
The late Hon. Abraham ieoln, President of the
United 8tates; Hon. Millard Predesnltofthe
United Sape Hoa. nadrew ..GCutu U.S. ta.
DIN s aoft a omam andeear e attede
t, a on woeith any l rneR or trel
re 't.Money Eureka I Money
ADOW WAoldSrlnd w
fh.'t; arel, rol Melmt Con. Put on ther su
In one ooud NochIallin. Send neuts for smn
le by mail. AIINTS WASSTID. A ddren V. H.
PATbIJtM 18 Wes our street, ClaciaelatI, Ohio.
oct2-tf
ST. LOUIS
LA.W SOHOOL'
¶WW f te.Urr aa t of t ofhis Law School will
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER II, 1871.
hIlomtaie, two teime-law mon aih eachpl Siade
caion once bee Octoiber? lISt. lin fee, tiHt
pern aammnJ er partictars addrne
p. W. SYRWAlrT,
AtisY Dean at the Law Iagity,
Jy S taa Nort Third t.. t.k lr Me.
waddtttT !Pi f 1 4! ep. Uqad so
,ifst. S L441116No
o*~m S MC w Lote o
R ELIABLE'WORK ELEGANT DESIGNS! LOW PRICES
SANFORD G. SCARRITT,
FUWrIUlE AND BEDDING
SALESROOMS, N.E. COR. FOURTH A LOCUST STS.---UP STAIRS
BRANCH HOUSE AND MATTRESS FACTORY,
MARKET STREET---near Second. ST. LOUIS, MO
me.ptm
A GREAT MEDICAL DISCOVERY
Dr. WALK.ER'S OnAIFORNIa
VINEGAR BITTERS.
S HuHnndreds of Thousands
Bear testimony to their Wonder-
tnl Curative Effects. o
o .WHAT ARE THEY'?9=
o 3e.
oll
F ANCY DRINK,A
Made ef Poor Rum, Whiskey,, Proof ipirits
and iteftne Liquors doctored, spiced andswee
ened to pleasethe taste, called "Tonica,""Appet.z
1r,A" "Restorers." &c., that lad the tippler on t
drunkenness and ruin, but are a true Medicine, made
from the Native %,oota and Herbs of Californiafree
from all Aicohelio itimuliiat. They are the
GREAT BLOOD PURIFER and A LIFE
(IVING PRINCIPLE a perfect Renovator and'
Invigorator of the System, carrying oral I poisonous
matter and restoring the blood to a healthy condition.
No person can take these Bitters according to direc
tion and remain long unwell.
$1S0 willbe given for an incurable case, provided
tho bones are not destroyed by mineral poison or
othe.r means, and the vital organs wasted beyond thei
point of repair.
For Inlammatory and Chrele Rhemma.
Clam snd Goat, Dyapepsia, or Iadilrstlon,
Btllious, RemitteNt and latermittent Fever s
Disenatseo of tkohe Bled, Liver, Ki eys and
BlaNdder, these B itter s have been most uccess
fatu. wch Diseaseo are enused by Vitiatsed
Blood.which is generally prodacedby derangement
of the Digeativo Organo.
DYSPEIPSIA OR INDIGrTION, Head.
ache, Pain In the Shoalders,Conghan,Tlghtness of the
Chest. Dizzines, Soar-Erctation of the Stomach,
Bid taste in the Moth. Dyillos Attacks, Palpitation
of the Heart, Infammationof the Lnngseain in the
regions of the Kildneys, and p hundred other painful
symptoms, are the oabprinas of Dyspepala.
They invlgorate thestomach, and stlmnlate the tor
pd liver and bowls,which render them obunequalledm
efcacy in cleansing the blood of allu mpurities, and
imparting new life and vigor to the whole system.
FORSKIN DISEASEa EruptionsTeo ter,Saltm
dthuem, Blotches, Spots, PImples. Pustules, Bolls,Car.
bueclesRing-Worms,nScaldflead,0ore Eyes, Hrys.p.
elas, Itch, Scarfs, Distcolorations of the Skin. Humors
and Diseases of the Skin, of whatever name or nature,
are literally dug up and carried oat of the system t a
ebort time by the useof these Bittera. One bottle in
isuch cases will onvtne the most iencreduloun oftheolr
curative effect.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you fIad.lts
imparties bursteingthrogh the skin inPimplesErup.
tlons or sores; leaWmselt when you end it obstrcted
and sluggish In the vetain cleanse It when Itus font,
and your feelIngs will tellyoo when. Keep the blood
pure and the health of the system will follow.
PIN, TAPE andother WORMSEr. lurkn in the
sysuems ofsomany thousands,areeffectually destroy.
ed andremoved. For fall directions, read careatlly
fte cireuilar around eoach bottle, printed In four Ian
gasies-E-glosh, German, French and Spanish.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. H. H. McDONALD CO.,
Dr ggists and Gen. Agents, San Franieco, Cato.
and 33 and 54 Commerce Street, New York.
s SOLD BY AnL DRtUGGISTS AND DEALER&
THE UNITED STATES
One Dollar Store!f
Milton aold Jewelry Co.,
HAVE REMOVED FROM
No s8North Fifth street to the large and elegant
storE,
No. 402 N. Fouz th St.
sdlte D. a. Jaceard Co. s tree where they
lreelithe cheapeat and most elegant gooda ever
BAPTIST AGENTS WANTED
everywhere or the largest liaptist paper in the world.
Able writera, Alt tlie news, and constiant improve.
ments. FULL Market Rteport. Sunday hlchool Depart
The most Ato i preifthutee touL anitg clubbing list
ever offered, or liberal sash commiselons paid.
wl-t eleltth coaps and pariulelar CRag to all wie
oBAfriT I T. LOT I e, D.olar ofti-lm
APGETS WANTED FOIL T IHE
HISTORY OF THE
Str i the Europe
apnd incidents in the War, and is the only FULL, AU
THJENTIC and OFFICIAL ht ory of that in-eat con
aleS. Aseant are meet ingwlthtipreedreuted success.
aclaig from 2o to 40 copies lm -d ay, and it is ltb
Ihen both English and German.
9 tTrlr3Td"ntoan Inferior histories are beitg
CA T. Irlc.imlatenltei. See tirat tit
book you rey con Ins e el Ga engravinsl and pSod
-pges. Send for ciruters and see our lterms and a flnl
descriptioo of the work. Address NATIOnIAL PUt
LISHING CO.. St. Louis. Mo. oc!ul13t
ST LOUIS UOM(EOPATHIC COLLEGE
-OF
MEDICINE AND SURGERY,
1009 Locust Street.
SESSION OF 1871-1872.
W ITH a Uoll ee bnillng not excelled h any a edI
cal Collegeln the country, with a fuli corps .f
experenxed te thes, with anlimiet lna actl n t-n
d AY, OttesraSet, stion
JOHN I. TEMPLE, M.D., DIean.
s-All busintess Communications should be ad-
dreseed to
JOHN 8. READ. M.D., Registrar,
N.W. corner Sev enth nd St. Charles Stree 's.
H. S. HOPKINS
-Bridge _Buallders
-A4D-
Contr;aotor.n
Oles, Irooms 2 and 4 8lmmon's Buildings,
No. 12 N. Fourth street, St. Louis.
marl .y
Brech Lt eading Doable Barreled
stLht ti sad cbepest in the world. I
WM. H.t WADSWORTH. Po'e Arsen.
355 Walanst sit. Lots. Motn,
The ho most kcceuful, copular L Prfect,
Coo xING
MACHINES
_)1F' TIIE PERIt(I)
4E1i OUR WELL KNOWN
AND
..ICUtHE BROIl,
BIoth are of the Simplest
Construction, and so Easily
managed that we guarantee
them to give
ENTIRE SATISFACTION
As no article in the household
has a greater influence in pro
nioting the health, comfort and
happiness of the faluily circle
tharn the Cook Stove, it is econ
enly as well as Policy to get the
VERY BEST; and in bu ing the
CHARTER OAK, you can rely onl
getting the oliost Successful,Popu.
Iar and Perfect Cooking Stove
ever nlade.
In using an Epicure Broiler you
are always sure of having
JMICT, TiND& a EICICOUS EEITAxES,
CHICKENS, HAM, CHOPS, &c.
SOLD ~Y'r
612 614 N. Main Street,
ST. L"U.) lIS. iMO
AtD) ALL
LIVE STOVE DEALERS
oR4ENTAL
SIsraeet
I.,-
Iolic.
THE LOCATION OF A BRAN'CH OF TH (t LA1
Oriental Tea Company of San Fra.ncisco and Hons
0ong, in Sit. Loula, should be appreclat ed and patron
iced by the public. It enables all to purcha.elthelr
Teas from first hands at cargo pricer. These Teas are
mach fresher thaI those sold in Eastern cities, as the
are mvred three months' sea voyage. Superior tnduc
ment, ofibred to clubs. Good Teas to cents per pon, 1.
Club and price list sent free upon applictiUo to the
GREAT ORIENTAL TEA COMPANY,
603 N. Fifth street, St. Louis, Me.
x. B. Goods delivered free of Transportstloa to al
marta of the United Slates and Uana'laa. aug7./m
kEND FOR SAUPLE PIUIC LIST
-TUo
GtNuid
DIRE BY
.-L O UlJ
XAGUIRE'S
Family Medicines
WARRANTED AS REPRESENTED
CONSISTING QFr
Maguire's BennePlant, Price 76 cts
For Dlarrhea, Dysentery, ahotera, esc.
Maguire'sSars aparll aBitters, with
Iron Price SI,
Blood Puriier, Toet Ma4 System Renovator.
Maguire's Ague Mixture, Price $i,
Infallible speclio for Chills and Fever. Intermittent
Fever, Dumb Ague, Diseased Liver, etc.
Magulre's Expectorant 8yrup,
Price 60 ats. and SI
The best remedy extant for Coughs, Colds, etc.
Maguire's Buchu, $1S
lor-l sea of tke Bladder, Kidneys and Urinary Oi
Maguire'sHairRestorativeBalm, SI,
The oldest and best nl use for restoring Bray hair to its
original color preserving it from flingl of, and
keeping It soft and glossy,
Maguire's Amica Liniment, 60 cts.
The most.rellable external remedy.
Maguire's ElectricPainOure,25 ate.
xsternal and internal remedy. lastantly relieves patl
of any kind.
Maguire's Anti-Bilious PIllI. 25 cts.
For Bilous Complaints of all kinds.
Masulre's Stimulant Antidote, SI,
To neutralize bad efaets of alcoholic sttuslaut.
Maguire's Alterative Eluer, $i,
For the cure ofecrofuia, Rheumtlse, lNeu ralpiiou.tt
Mereurlal and kypbllold Affections, (;ter, Swepll
ing of the Joints. U!lcers. mpit., Bilotche., and
onstltutonl disorders.arilosg Irom Imperlity ofte
blood.
Magulre's Jamalca linger, 0OOts
Purest and strousea made.
Prepared by J. i& MAG UIRE, Druggists, St. Leds.
aMrold by all lrutill4. au
augl'--3m
IWANTED n and wromUna Ict .llt a zooJ pay
ll hbslnesa to sell our new Illuiltred
hirreal. btinl, llg ult .etlal, rellgluls and srl
culturai works Sken,.MIN for ti l mrrtlers how
vor n ca man e $1ia l .rmonth. C o. IkhOi
S('a Publishers. 1 Mark. T, at. Lot. "t
-P WhIen writing to adverit
era please say yoq saw the adver.
tiasmena t in tilse pper.
-o.1