(T be 6a;cttc anb (f bionic It.
Qu Q
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1071.
THAKISGIVING PBOCLAMATIONB.
It* rSe Prr«l*tea«.
TKr peer*** nf rite ■eoai'M *<*ln enabled th*
b<aa*M>n->iBM o» rvrrwr ’tie frwlta nt eeoafn! tnil
I»’lwtry ha* been rwr. 1 wet! rewarded. W. v*
with »!l na*V>na. an-1 ’ranontH’v. with w »v
-eapamna. prevail* at h-wte. Within the f-wrf Tear we
hare la the main been free fr"B ffla ahirh elsewhere
hare aflu-teet oar kln-t
If nf a* hare had ealaaiplee there abnnM he
aa irraabi’a f r armrwrhv with the •atR-rer*. of rente
wattew the* ran the will the M-w» High and
of re>drln< tn the who hare teea e* thvored.
I therefore rrmaaend that <*w Tat ant>aT. the th*.
Meth -lav of vernier neat, the people meet tn the*
re-pertire pl ar re of worekip ami there make the aenal
arknowhelcnwnta to A’tntgh’r teal foe the blewSnf*
He has -inferred upon ’hets kt their aer,if a I .trap
rfem frnat *ril and invoke Illa pr-tretk-n ami klretne**
St the* leva fortanare brethren wheat. la Hie Wtek-Wl.
H- baa hjetn-l It teat tn rhanttae.
In wttwam where** I hare ttereanto art MV ham! and
rnnw-1 the seal »t the !'nl»m! Sratm to be afllaed
fame at the City *>f Waeblagtna th* tweatyeighth day
oftet- ber. hl the year of <wr lewd one th.maand eight
hnn-lred are! and of the ln>lepen<!enrr of
the I'nttnl State* the alnety-alvth.
V. S 1.8A5T
By the Preaident
Hawrirov Plan. he. ret ary of State.
Hr the Uetrnwr af Shade lelaad.
Another rear of nn-tainpled pmeperltr of frui’fa!
•eklo and graeroae barreeta. apytewt he* Ma temonw
»Sn Peery ’.rareh of Indaetry. me,banka! am! man
athroirlnf. la rewytax It* rkb reward, while general
g-.el health and wwlntermpted peare hare yrrrafled.
Ms-: •enev-d**t and —larall. *e*l ta*Vtta’k*te hare met
with Continued pr'wfertty, and oer large pwt.lk deH,
created by oar der.d|na to the <a*i* of L ima, fr*-r-lom.
ha* lawn eeOMtaatlr de*'rearing.
In compliance with the time honored eaetom of "*r
anrre* re. and agree ably to the rre-anMenla’ion of the
Pneblent of the I'nlMd States. I hereby app let
Tn- Bte»T. the thirtieth day of Soramber neat, a .lay
af PaMk Thanhagt'ing and Prates, earnestly entreat-
ing all the people of this State to abstain from their or
dinary avreaiton* on that day, to asmmU» In the*
areal place* -J worship and In their homes, there to
galte tn oif-ring np to A!n>tg!>’y tied the* hear’Mt
thanks th* men les whi. h hare crowned the year.
prevevfoOv asking that they may etiil be eonMaaa>l to
ns. To give thank* for the effort* whk b hare been
put f rth to shield the t-mf-ted. to swcror the weak, amt
to rare- tb* Mien. To return thank* f--r the genenom
aid gir*n to those affl’.'to’t and bereft by a wide eprewt
ealamity whteb hre beMkn one of oar newt popnUoi*
rHtea. and other leas deaaely p>-palalre| l-a-alitire. Amt
when we gather la th* family circle surroanded by the
ewlearmen’* «d h-me may we taalah fr- m ear hearts
all hatred, eery, malke amt anebaritat.leneaa, and
direct them to a kind amt artlsa remembrame of the
p.e.r awl enflbrlng May pears and harmony erery
where prerail, remembering that rightmwnness ea
alteth a natba. bet sin in a repr<arh to any people";
praising ’k*l for that faith and hope inspired by the
tiospei >lm lared to us by oar Lead and Bwriowr Jesus
t’hrite
In testimony whereof. I bars herrnato set mr hand,
and atlae>t Ibe seal of the Ntats, at Pro*tdenrw. this
tMtty grst day of Ortahat. in the year of our Ix>rtl
one ’tomtom! eigh* hundred and serenty one. of the
■uwllng of th- State ths two hundred and thirty
with, and of Indepen.irwe the ninety elrth
SETH PAt»EI.F”lt!>
tty His Ftcellsmr the th tem-.r
Jone K Htwri-rrr, Secretary .J *tate
H> the t.wserner el Massachusetts.
Sensible of their Imlebtednees to the girslnews of tjod,
the jwople of tbs I ommonweal’h liare ersr been ready
to eipress their grainu.le to Him by pubik arts t 4 wor
ship *>r all Ills met’ ies. We hare especial anae of
tbankfUlneaa that we hare been protected during the
poet year from dreaafa-d disease, from deraetating
calamity and fiiirfartterwr »ri«l fhal «-ur
hav» >*ew jrwrriMMUy r*wvW.
In a> t bereft re, with th* Fr* '>n*ru«*n>iat i«>n
«-f th* l*r»-Bi-lrnt tn th* <»f the vhob* r.itintry, 1
mvttr thr InhabHants t»f rhia !%twte tn aiMrfnMr in th*
n»«iaJ <Jt worwhip. Thi K«i»%v,the thirtWth <4
\<«vmal*«r writ, I- r the purj-wr an«i
Hf-amt
Ixt the* FeOlrßiher. in their **ehd <Bthrnngß.
•11 tb««r MBrra »f k»v«. rharity, and r**”> vhirh
ftwr the pF»-«en! It»hi<hrat joy. w! lift tb« tb«!ti<hta.
With h’tpr to the <treat F’iturr.
tiivrn at the l own* H I ham her, in Botot’-n, this twenty*
■rventh 'lay «»f Urtnl*r, in the )«nr «>f »ar <»ne
lh*>n«nt»l eight hunt ire* I an«l M»vrhty-one. nifl tbs
ninety elath <4 the ln !eprn*lence of the I'nited
State* of Amerka.
WILLIAM tToAPI.IN
Sv its Ft. rtl. n« y the ernor. with tbe arlviiw <d the
t'uanrlt
Olitru WiittA S..rctary.
r..*rsaee r*. f'.awawuMrsaM JMasoactoterM*.
OUR FMTIVAL OF TO-DAT
The paul old tesUral which has M> long Urn
ih-ar t«> th* heaitsnf the |>er>j>!e of New Eng
land is with ns once more, freighted with its
ahund.int sources of pleasure and gratitude.
Though a farorite here, in conae<|iience of its
puritan origin, or something else, it failed for a
long time to recommeixl itself to |>eople in
other par’* of the country; hut so much guod
nrw>. and propriety, and h<*pitahty, and w.mu
heartednrto, and sociability was there in it,
that th>«e who had reganird it with inditler
ence or arerxion gradually yielded to the force
of it* wholesome influences until the whole
land welcome*! and eml*rac«d it, and the north
and tin- south and the *a*t and the west joined
In an annual Thanksgiving. It may now be
considered something that is permanently es
tablished throughout our almost boundless
country something that will la>t and be
cherished and observed a* long a* our govern
ment endures and man is grateful for the bles
sing* which he enjoys.
The proclamations of the President of the
I'nited State* and of our tiovenior and of the
Govern** of Mamachuaetts inviting us to ob
serve this day will l<e tntnd above. They set
forth the reason* in brief term* why it will be
appn>priate in us t>> observe it in expressions
of thanksgiving aiul praise—in acknowledging
th*- many blessings which have fallen to our lot
and our exemption from many evils which
might have obstructed our path, and oppressed
us with suffering and grief and dismay. All of
our rvuntrymen have not l<een as fortunate as
we have hern, and their misfortunes should be
lesson* 6>r our instruction and improvement
They should lw* a warning to us not to place
to* high a value upon that which may »ud
deuly prri*h and disappear, and boC pride our
m-lves too much upon the p*xwe*ar>n of wealth
that may be taken fn m us in an hour.
It is well tor us once in a while to cast off
the carv*. labors and perplexities of life, and
give a loose rein* to the better feelings and im
pulse* of our nature; to meet and commune
with friends, and recall the pleasant memorie*
of those who are al>*enl; b> rejoice f>r what
we have, not to mourn for what we have not;
to tee I called upon to cherish brotherly affec
tion, not to harbor personal enmity; to speak
sentiments of kindly h*givene*«, if occasion
there be to do not indulge in har*h words
toward the erring. Even for an opportunity to
do these things we should be thankful, and if
we do them, we shall not fail to do ourselves
gissl. We do not agree with thuee. if those
there be, who think that Thanksgiving is pro
ductive of no g'*>d effect*. We believe that one
day in the year devoted to tbe commingling of
families, to strengthening tlie ties of friendship,
to looking oU the bright side of thing*. And to
enjoying in thankfulness and gladness what the
season that is gone produced, is by no means
thrown away. So we welcome each annual
return of the autumnal festival, and rejoice to
see all observe it. and all made m**e happy
by iL
The Gbasd Dike.—The Russian Grand
Duke wa* introduce*! to President Grant, at
Washington, last week. It was a very quiet
affair, and much more sensible than the ridicu
k>u* '|4urge in New York- The Duke after
war*!' visited tbe Naval Academy at Annapolis,
and then returned to New York, where he at
tended the Greek Church on >un<!ay. This
week he is being shown around generally, but
bring a young and vigorous man, be will prob
ably survive his sufferings, lie will visit 3us
tou it having been suggested to him that
hr will not see America unless he sees the
“big orgiu of the Hub. After seeing the
organ, he will go west and see the buffaloes
if the weather is not too cold.
Death of a Dt*cF.xi»axr or Rocek Wil
liam^—The Pruvkience Jourwul announces
th* dratliof M Betsey W iliam*. a descend*
ant f Roger William*, in that city near the
<‘ran*t.line, on Moiulay last, at the age of
M year*. Tbe venerable lady his be-jueatbed
to th* city of Providence the farm upon which
•be died, estimated to be worth now about forty
tb n»and dvi. ar*, upon the condition that the
city erect a monument, to cost not less than
five hundred doiiir*. to tbe memory of Roger
W diiam*. in the old Williams burying ground.
Providence Is, we fear, a rather wicked place
iu proportion to its me. A tew evenings since.
y| r J. D. Nichols RehubAb was there with a
|pw,l of h>ur hundred pound* turkeys. He left
hi* team a few minutes to attend to Mxue bu.*i-
Beoa, sv** l when be returned, it and tbe turkeys
were gfnr, v® 4 <wuid find of either.
COYGUSB.
The «econd session of tbe Forty-second Con
sr*** will commence in WashingVm on Mon iay
next. I; will he wbal is called tbe “tong
»e*»ion,” and is likely to be a long one In fact as
well a* name, though there is room for doubt
whether much of the Imsiness that ought to be
attended to will rwwive attention. President
making will wnquesttoual’ly receive a large
share of atterMion, and when either this or
some other bu*iuess must be laid aside, the
other business is pretty sure to be neglected.
There are nearly eight hun*lred bids on the
calendar* of the two houses, over two hundred
and fifty of which are fer pensions or private
claims, and about one hundred others are f<*
railroad, canal and steamship jobs. Of tbe
railroad bills, some thirty-five a-k for land
grants to the amount, in tbe aggregate, of about
thirty millions *>f acres, while providing f>r the
construction of about twelve thousand miles of
railroad. More will doubtless be introduced,
and the public lands will suffer severely for the
benefit of speculator* unless those who are
oppr>eed to the squandering <X tlie people's pat
rimony make themselves hear*! and felt.
Among the questions Income up,or which can
not easily be kept down, are the revenue law*
of every de*cripti>>n—the customs, tariff and in
ternal taxes, and especially the income tax tbe
removal of political disabilities at the south;
tbe ship-building interests; tbe new Congres
sional apportionment, and other matters <jf le*s
Importance, which will, nevertheless, occupy a
great deal of time. There is a strong opposi
tion to the present tariff, arid among |*e*>ple,
to*». who were once warm advocates of protec
tion to domestic ind'istry; and we do not see
how some of its provisions can in any way be
justified. S>me of the present duties put ten,
twenty, fifty or a hundred dollars into tbe pock
ets of already rich monopolists where they put
one into the national treasury, are! make the
people pay far more for article* which they
must have than they would have to |«ay if those
duties were remove<L We cannot see the jus
tice or propriety of enriching a few individuals
or corporations at the expense of the public-
Our ship-building, once a m<r>t important
branch of our industry, and 'if which we felt
prouii, is nearly extinct, and there seems to be
no probability that it will ever revive while the
present tariff rests upon everything u-ed in
building shi|M-
Several measure* were proposed at the last
*rs*ion of Congress for the proposed new appor
tionment for members of the House, but no
law was p***ed upon the subjecL The f*ecre
tary of the Interior ha*, under present laws,
a right to make the apporti*>nni*-nt when Con
gress fails to do it, but he ha* evaded the duty
in this instance, and the probability now is that
Congress will have to attend toil at the ap
proaching session. A full House now consists
of 243 members. The number may be increased
*o that no Mate will uinler the new appor
tionment, but in this ca*e tbe new and growing
western Mates will increase their membership,
while that of the okl Mates will remain aa it is
or I* reduce*!. Western men favor an increase
of the mensbenbip to Ikili, while men represent
ing other sections are in favor of a much less
increase. A compromise will probably be the
result There seems to I* no way in which
the strength of the old State*, compared with
that of tlie new, can lie preserved.
Senator Sumner is not yet satisfied with what
has been done f«>r the n*-gr*». in March last he
introduced a supplementary civil right* bill,
which declares that all citizens of the United
States, without distinction of race, color, etc.,
are entitled to the equal arid impartial enjoy
ment of any accommodation, advantage, priority
or privilege, furnished by common carriers,
whether on land water; by innkeepers; by
licensed owner*, manager* or lessees of thea
tre* or other places of public amusement; by
all officer* and teachers of puMic schools or
other institution* of learning; by all officers of
i church organizations, etc.; and that their
rights shall not lie denied or abridged on any
pretence of color, etc. This bill is said to stand
first on th*- Seriate calendar, and it is supposed
that Mr. Sumner will urge its j«as*age at an
early day after the opening of the approaching
I session.
It is stated that Senator Sumner de»ign* to
labor vigorously at the coming session of Con
gress to bring about a resumption of specie
payment*. Hi* viewi are represented to l>e
that we should have returned to specie pay
ments long ago; in tact, that the proper time
was when the war ended; that the suspension
of spccia payments was like the draft, the sus-
I*nsiun of the Aubea* eorpw*, and like extraor
dinary acts, a war measure, and with them
should have ended with the war. These are
view* which will be heartily endorsed by the
great body of tbe people, without distinction of
party, race or condition. There will doubtless
t>e <>,q>o*ition to resumption, and there will
twenty year* hence if the question is put off
inti! that time. If we are not to re*ume until
everybody will be immediately benefittd by
resumption, we shall never have "a »|>ecie cur
rency again.
Wksttiki.ii Iti’A’Ttß. One of the civil
suits for damage out of the explosion
in New York, in July last, on board the .Staten
Island ferry boat Westfield, which caused the
death of more than a hundred human beings,
ha* been tried, and the jury failed to agree on a
verdict, three of them being for the defendants.
It is difficult to see how men of sense ai d in
telligence could have come to the conclusion
that the defendants were entitled to a verdict in
their favor, for al) the evidence plainly showed
that the victim met his death by their negli
gence, and the court charged that the defend
ants were liable if they used defective boilers or
employed incompetent men, and tliat the Sun
day plea could not hold good. Tills Sunday
plea was worthy of the soul of a corporation.
It was that the passenger who lost his life had
no right on the boat, because, under the laws
of New York, Sunday traveling is a misde
mei
•■or! This was about the same as it would
be to say that it was illegal f>r the wounded
man to travel on the >abbath, and therefore
legal to blow him into eternity on that day.
We regret the result of the trial. We enter
tained Lope that the corporation would be pun
ished by means of the eiril suits, but we have
never had much faith that the criminal suits
would amount to anything, for the reason that
we think it will be almost impossible toempan
nel a jury of twelve men some one at least of
whotn will not consider the defendants too
re'p>-ctable to go to the penitentiary.
Cold Weatkeil—A dispatch fn*m Helena, 1
Montana, dated Saturday last, says that two
Companies of United States Infantry were I
caught in a terrible atom on the previovs day,
twelve to twenty miles from that place, and that
a nutulier of them were so badly frozen that
they woqjd lose their toes and some of them
their feet. The thermometer at Helena on Sat
urday m<»rning last was thirty degrees below
zero. No stages had tun for thirty-six hours,
in consequence of the snow, we suppose. A
dispatch from Kansas, dated Sunday
last. says the recent storm was unprecedented
in severity on the Plains. In Western Kansas
large numbers of Texas cattle and several
herders were frozen to death. Five bodies,
supposed to be those of buffalo hunters, were
brought into Hayes City on Saturday night
frozen stilt Great anxiety was felt for other
parties hunting buffalo.
There have been severe mow storms in I'tah
and there has been a large of life from snow
slides. An unusually hard winter there is
anticipated.
The weather in England Las been very cold
within a short time. There was skating there
a w<vk ago or more, and great distress among
the poor. The police returns of London on
Saturday last, showed that seventeen deaths
had resulted immediately, within the city limits,
from the extreme cold.
The illness of the Prince iff Wales. Queen
Victoria's eldest son. of which we spoke in our
last, has been of a serious character, and Las
caused much uneasiness in England. The
news respecting his condition has at times
within a week past been far from encouraging.
The latest news is mere reassuring. but we
infer that the Prince was n*H then considered
to be out of danger. He is suffering from fever.
The new opera house in Providence is to be
opened next Monifay evening. It was propped
to have this in-lead of the water celebration
for Thanksgiving, but the establishment could
not be got ready.
1 s said that ten th-u-ji
terfeit money is, or was last week, iu circulaUon
in Providence.
ALLOPATHY T 9. HOMEOPATHY.
A large number of physicians in this country
who were inslrurtel and who commenced prac
tice in the allopathic school, have, within the
last quarter of a century, abandoned that faith
and practice for homeojathy. Among them
are ahout sixty members of the Massachusetts
Medical Society. Many of them, and perhaps
all of them, are old offenders, but the society
appears to have borne quietly until quite re-
cently their departure from the allopathic faith
and practice, and allowed them to enjoy in
peace whatever benefits pr advantages they
derived from being member* of the association.
At a meeting of the society in June last, how- J
ever, a resolution was adopted declaring that
any member who should do certain things
should lie deemed to have violated the by-laws
of the society by conduct unbecoming and
unworthy an honorable physician and mem tier
of lids society.” Homeopathy was not men
tioned, but this was what was aimed at. In
accordance with this resolution, a circular was
sent to the homeopathic members above re
ferred to. informing them that they stood
charged of “conduct unbecoming," etc., and
directing them to appear before a board of trial
in Boston on the 21st, to answer the charge.
The object was, we suppose, to expel them
from the society. The cases were to I* ex-
amine*! by districts, and the Suffolk or Boston
offending members were to come before the i
boar! of tr al on the gist. There are seven of
these members, and among them is Dr. Benja
min 11. West, the gentleman of that name, we
pn-sume, who practiced allopathy in Pawtucket
thirty odd years ago, and who helped celebrate
at Brastow’s Hotel the great Whig victory in
IMO. We think he became a homeopathist
more than twenty years ago. The board of
trial met on the 21st, none but its members
being allowed to be present except the accused
homeopathists. The charges were made against
the latter, and the investigation proceeded, but
had not gone far before an injunction from the
Supreme Court was served upon the board by a
deputy sheriff to prevent any decision in the
matter which would expel from the medical
society any of the accused members. This had
a dani|**ning effect upon the proceedings, but
it was finally concluded that though the injunc
tion prohibited expulsion of homeopathists, it
left the investigation free to go forward. And
it did forward for a short time, but was
finally adjourned to the sth of next month.
The homeopathists denied the charges against
them, and protested against the investigation
for several reasons. We suppose the injunction
will throw the matter into the Supreme Court
if the society persevere iu their attempt to
expel the accused members.
The course adopted by the Massachusetts
M'*dicaJ Society d->es not appear to he sustained
by public opinion, and we doubt whether the
persecution of the homeo|>athists will be con
tinued. The opinion of the public seems to lie
that the society have entirely mistaken the
object for which medical societies are estab
lished. The purpose is not to secure uniformity
of medical practice, for that is unattainable.
There will always be a diversity of opinion in
tin- profession in regard to the nature and treat
ment of diseases—in regard to remedies and
their application. The real design of the estab
lishment of medical societies which are char
tered by the State governments, it may be
assumed, is to secure for the people a class
of practitioners regularly educated—caiefully
prepared for their profession by previous study
and observations of disease. If the dogmas and
methods of any medical school cannot stand
i the test of examination and experience, it is in
vain t<> discipline those who do not adopt those
dogmas and methods by bringing them before a
board of trial and thrusting them out of a med
ical society. If it were desirable to put them
and their practice down, this would not aceom
pli-h tin- work. The healing art is yet far from
perfect, ami it would seem to be the part of
wisdom to encourage its professors to leave
the lieaten track, ami seek to make it more per
feet by discovering, and availing themselves of,
light beyond. There is a great deal in the
books," but there is room for ami need of more
there, and latitude should be allowed to obtain
material to put there.
TIIAXKMiIVING in Providence. Our
city neighbors, to prevent Thanksgiving from
being as great a failure as the Point Street
Bridge, ami to have something to be thankful
for, have resolved to let the waters of the Paw
tuxet river flow in u|ion them abundantly to
day and make them glad. It will be a novel
way of observing Thanksgiving, and not strictly
in accordance with the proclamations for the
festival; and we don't know but the old Puri
tans would have shaken their heads at such an
innovation upon the rules am) practices estab
lished by them for the occasion. But we are
nevertheless pleased that our neighbors are to
have something that will make, with them, the
day one of thanksgiving and praise instead of
one of humiliation ami prayer, and we wish
success to their big procession of all the city
official*, the American Band ami the Orpheus
Chib, and the ringing of the bells, the tiring of
a salute, the making of speeches, the singing
and last, but not least, the o|>ening of the water
gate. It does not appear that anything has
been done to prevent this celebration from in
terfering with a more grand water celebration
hereafter, and perhaps it was concluded that
the emergency which rendered the present one
a necessity would warrant the running of all
risks of that kind.
The procession in the city to-day will be
formed at half past nine, and proceed to Ex
change Place, where the exercises will take
place. We are told that the water from the
Pawtuxet will continue to play, through a three
inch pipe, until half-past four o'clock in the
afternoon, ami that on tomorrow four smaller
streams will play from noon until four o'clock.
At half-past eleven to-morrow the tire depart
ment will test their steamers at the tire hydrant,
corner of Exchange Place and Washington Row.
Deserving of Pcntsiiment.—The Nashua
N. H.) Tflryraph says that there arrived at
that place a short time since a car, billed to
Pawtucket, R. 1..” one half of which was
boarded up and the other half contained al«>ut
four hundred turkeys packed so closely that
there was not -pace for all of them to stand up.
How long they had been without food and
water does not appear, but that their crops
were empty and that fifty-one died the next
day, which was Sunday, is a fact. The humane
eni|doyees knocked down the partition in the
car. fixed roosts for them, and gave them two
bu»hels of corn and plenty of water, notwith
standing which, nine more were found dead
Monday morning. Such cruelty is disgraceful
to those guilty of it. and we are sorry that we
are unable to lay their names before the public.
This infamous conduct must have failed to
bring the expected reward, and we can derive
some pleasure from this. They must have lost
more by the death of the turkeys than they
could have expected to realize from their cruelty.
From Utah. —Our former townsman Mr.
John Bayley is, we suppose, or has been, on a
visit to Salt Lake City, Utah. He has, at any
rate, sent us a copy of the Salt I-ake baily
Tnfntnr of the 14th instant—the first Utah
paper that we ever saw. The Tribune Is, we
should judge. deci<ledly anti-Mormon. yet it
exhibits evidence of being in a flourishing con
dition. and claims to be the organ of the mining
population. Nineteen lawyers have their cards
in its columns, from which we infer that the
M**rmon city is blessed with abundance of law.
Whisky's Work. —A boy f hirteen years old,
named Michael Nagle, was found nearly dead
near the Silver Spring Bleachery. in North
Providence, on Sunday last, whisky being the
cause of his prostration. After two doctors
and other persons had worked on him a long
time, he was partially restored to life, andc<>uld
walk with a man on each side of him to hold
him up. He belongs in Providence, and it
appears that be got Lis liquor in that city on
Sunday.
Tvrkkyish.—Fifty-nine thousand, five hun
dred and thirty pounds of poultry were sent
abroad from the depot at Westerly, in this
Mate. on Saturday last. The greater part of it
went to Boston. Massachusetts is big enough
to raise her own turkeys, and her preying upon
little Rhode Island in this manner cannot be
justified.
LaBGE Shafts —The Lazed Perkins Com-
p-vny iff Bridgewater. Mass.. Lave contracted
with the Pacific Mail Steam-dap Company to
furnish a new shaft for the steamer China, to
weigh 30 tons, and one for the steamer Japan
to weigh 45 tons, the latter being the largest
forging of rts kind in the world.
PAWTUCKET GAZETTE AND CHRONICLE.
¥oc;il Intelligence.
TnAXKaainsG Sekvice*.—The Baptist,
Congregational and Methodist Churches of
Pawtucket and Central Falls will hold union
Thanksgiving services in the First Baptist
Church at eleven o’clock this morning. Rev.
S. L. Gracey. pastor of the Methodist Church,
will preach the sermon on the occasion.
Union services will also be held in the Trinity
Church at the same hour this morning by St.
Paul's and Trinity Churches. Serm-m by Rev.
S. O. Seymour.
Target Shoot. The Pawtucket Light
Guard leave their armory at ten o’clock this
morning for a target shoot near the Bensley
Place,” on the west bank of the Pawtucket
river. Three prizes are offered: Ist, a silver
goblet: 2d, a turkey; 3d, a tin medal for the
poorest shot.
Thanksgiving Balc*. The Pawtucket
Light Guard, at Armory Hal); Rough and
Reatiy Engine Company No. 2, at Battery
Hall; and at E. L. Cook’s, Cumberland Hill.
The Little Wanderer-.” —Rev. S. S.
Cummings of the “Baldwin Place Home for
Little Wanderers spoke in behalf of that
mission on Sunday morning last in the First
Baptist Church. The Home was organized
about six and a half years ago. Since that
time it has received over children, and
provided permanent homes fur more than 1900
in different parts of the country. Mr. Cum
mings was accom;>anied by several of the chil
dren, who sang a number of beautiful hymns.
A collection was taken for the Home,” which
amounted to upwards of $440. Twenty good
sized paner bags were distributes! at noon among
the meml>ers of the Sunday School, to be filled
with articles for the use of the children of the
Hume on Thanksgiving day. These were
generously filled with good things,” and yes
terday morning they were put into boxes and
forwarded to Boston.
The Little Wanderers were at the Baptist
Church in Central Fails in the afternoon. A
collection was taken amounting to ♦“M.7I.
Vocal and Instbimextal Concert.—
The third entertainment in the Library Asso
ciation course will consist of a vocal and in
strumental concert, to be given on Friday even
ing of next week, Ilecember 84b, in Armory
Hall. The instrumental part of the concert
will be furnished by Gilmore’s Bam! of this
place, William E. Gilmore, leader, while Mr. 11.
C. Barnal>ee of Boston, the popular basso «utd
humorist, and Miss Sarah E. Stackpole of Prov
idence, soprano, will appear as vocalists, with
Mr. F. F. Tingley of Pro* idence as pianist. With
the above announcement we feel sure that
nothing need be added to insure an audience
as large as the ball will accommodate. Evening
tickets should be procured early at Wilkinson's
bookstore,as only a limited number will be sold.
Pawttcket Hobse Gcabm.—At a regular
meeting of the Pawtucket Horse Guards on
Monday evening, 20th instant, the following
named members were elected as honorary staff
of the company:
Quarf^rmri.-ter Frank M Bates.
(/rmmManry—Br«»wn.
PuyaMMter— A. Ne!»«»ri Perrin.
Snrqri>n .C. Bii'ilong.
Bev. S. L. (Jracry.
Surgeon Budlong, Paymaster Perrin, Ser
geants A. Nickerson and E. IL Reynolds and
Corporal A. Tanner were ap|*<dnted a com
mittee to make the necessary arrangements for
the dedication of the new armory in Carjienter's
building on Pleasant street.
The Colob Giard” will be presented for
the first time on Monday evening next at
Harrington's Ojiera House in Providence by
Prescott Post, No. 1, Grand Army Republic.
Full particulars may be learned by consulting
the advertisement in another column. We
trust that it will be home in mind that ticket!
purchased at the pl sees named in the adver
tisement will benefit the treasury of Ballou
Post of Central Falls, which is at no time over
burdened with funds. We hope our people
will lend them a helping hand.
Theodore Thomas, with his sixty distin
guished performers, as will be seen by the
announcement in another column, will give
two grand concerts at Music Hall in Provi
dence on Monday and Tuesday evenings, De
cember 11th and 12th. We are informed that
the programme w ill contain no selection* ever
given in Providence at previous concerts. A
favorable opportunity is offered our citizens
to attend, as the Cars leave Providence after
the close of the concerts on both evenings.
Presentation. —The Bible class of ladies
taught by Mrs. Joshua Ingraham in the Metho
dist Sunday School visited their teacher on
Monday evening last, ami surprised her by the
presentation of a pair of elegant gold-bowed
spectacles. The evening was spent in a very
social and agreeable manner, and the union
between teacher and scholars which has so
pleasantly existed for some years is now more
firmly cemented than ever before.
Explosion of a Kerosene Lamp.—The
wife of Samuel Miller of this place came near
losing her life a few evenings since by the ex
plosion of a kerosene lamp w hich she had filled
ami was trying to use without a glass. The
flame went down into the lamp, which caused
it to explode. Mrs. Miller escaped with Rio
other injury than the burning of her hands
and clothing. Prompt assistance was rendered
her. which alone saved her life. Tiki much
caution cannot lie exercised in the use of kero
sene oil.
A Visit to Woonsocket. —Manchester En
campment of Odd Fellows of this place contem
plate visiting Palestine Encampment of Woon
socket on Monday evening nexL They will
leave Pawtucket at 7.15 o'chick, ami will return
by special train. The fare for the excursion
will be seventy-five cents. Tickets may be pro
cured by the members of Manchester Encamp
ment of the Scribe, 11. L. Howard.
Laying of a Corner Stone.—The corner
stone of the Thomson M. E. Church (Fair
mount) will be laid with appropriate ceremonies
on Tuesday next, December sth. Services will
commence at 2 o'clock P. M. in the chapel.
Speakers from abroad will be present. The
public are invited to attend.
Illinois Appi.es.—Attention is directed to
an advertisement in another column of the sale
of choice apples received ff >m Mr. Horatio N.
Bliss of Providence, Illinois, formerly of Paw
tucket. This is handsome fruit, and will lie
sold at a reasonable price.
Off the Track.—The locomotive “Provi
dence,” on the half-pa-t nine h >nrly train, ran
off the track in Providence on Friday morning
last. The passengers were delayed until half
past ten. when they were taken out of the city
on the regular Worcester train.

Accident. tm Friday last, Charles A.
Knight, an employee in Messrs. Littlefield Bros’,
mill, got bis right hand caught by a belt, and
had his fingers injured. Dr. George IL Stan
ley rendered the necessary surgical aid.
Western Relief Find. —Since our last
report, N. S. Collyer <i Co. and employees have
contributed ♦-l.«»’ for the Western Relief Fund,
which makes the total contributions, as reported
in our columns, ♦7839.15.
School Committee Meeting.—The regu
lar monthly meeting of the North Providence
School Committee will be held at the Town
Clerk's office on Saturday afternoon at three
o'clock.
More Pawtvcket Steamers Wanted
Abroad. —Messrs. Cole Bros..steam tire engine
builder*, are building a second class double
steamer for Winchendon, Mass., and a fourth
class single steamer for Quincy, Illinois.
Good. —We learn that the net proceeds of
the recent fair and turkey supper for the bene
fit of the South Attleboro' Sunday School
amounted to about one hundred and fifty
dollars.
Winter Term. —The winter term of the
schools in District* Nos. 1 and 2. west aide,
will commence on Monday next.
Hoback Gkkklkt will deliver th# next
lecture iu the L br.iry Association Course iu
January.
The Bohemias Glam Blower* Lavr been
giving entertaiumenl* at Armory Hall this week.
Th« y are n w at Unit* Hall, Central Falls.
We Lear of a number of matrimonial al
liances" which are to be formed Thanksgiving
day. We wish the captured much hananrea.
Close of Schools.—The schools on the
west side closed last Friday. We bear of im
provement in all of the schools in Districts
Non. 1 and 2. but in no one of them was it
more perceptible than in tbe Grammar School
in District No. 1. This school, under tbe man
agement of Mr. James C. Mills, has made
marked improvement during the term ju»t
closed.
Quite a nunfter of visitors were present in
tbe afternoon to witness the closing exercises
in tbe Church Hill Grammar School, which
was very pleasing and creditable. Mr. C. A.
Neville, the Principal, is deserving of a great
deal of credit, and we look firward to the end
of the school year lor a good report. At the
close of the exerci-es Mr. Neville was con
fronted by one of the scholar*, who. in neat
and appropriate wonts, presented him. in be
half of the school, with a valuable book of
poems. Remarks were made by the Trustees,
the Committee and Rev. Mr. Porter, express
ing satisfaction at tbe ready manner in which
the scholars acquitted tbem-elves.
Tbe schools on the east side closed yesterday.
The Grove Street Grammar School. P. E.
Bishop, Esq.. Principal, presents tbe following
commendable record: Number registered, 106;
average at' endance, 97. Tbe following named
pupils have not been absent one single half day
unless detained at home by sickness:
Hattie E. Drown. Ella M Drown. Martha L. Tvipke,
Annie F. Dunlap. Itelia 1. Jennings, Mattie E. Bryant,
.Mary E. Bishop. Sara E. Hornbv. Jennie H. Welch.
Annie E. Kirk. Lizzie Randall. Minnie Kirk. Retie, -ca
Wiiiartl. Annie M. Brigg*, Mary A. Cushman. Jennie
A. Pearce. Emma GlxMing. Jennie W. Jillaon, Cor
nelia Bensley, William H. Tolman. I>anf>rth W. Hor
ton. Frank L. GaZcbell, Joseph E. Holland, Frank
Cushman, William H Stinnetz. George L. Miller,
George D. Carpenter. Bernard T. I<ennon, Fred. W.
Dexter. Ixaiter I. Mathewson. Eugene A. Crawford,
Charles H. Fuller, Fred. A. M >r»e, Henry F. Horton.
Total—M.
The prizes in Penmanship were awarded as
follows:
Ist. George L. Miller; 2*l. William H Arnold; 3d,
Hattie L Riddell; 4th, Elia M. Grown sth. Fannie R.
Pierre; 6th. Hatrie E. Drown. 7th. Belle A. Irwin;
»th, Lizzie B. Allen; 9th, Theodore B. Slini|***ti; 10th,
Gorge Vdell; 11th. Nora Manchester, 12th, Julia A.
Harris; 13th. Frank L. GaUhell.
Letter of Acknowledgment.—Tbe fol
lowing is a copy uf a letter received by Good
Samaritan Lodge of Odd Fellows of this place,
acknowledging the receipt of their recent dona
tion of $250 for the benefit of their suffering
brethren in Chicago:
Office of the M. W. Graxp Master,)
Grand Lodge of Illinois.
Galena, 111.. Not. 15. I*7l.
To the Xnblt Grated, and Mrmbert "f Good
Samaritan L-dge, jfo. I. O. O. K:
Dear Brothrrs— 1 am to-day in receipt of
tbe ffeneroti* donation of your Lodge to our enflering
brethren in Chicago. On their behalf, and in the name

and heartfelt thank* for tbn»munitieent gift, and a** tire
you, my dear brother*. that your donation *hall l«e
expended judhiaualT. I g<» to Chicago tomorrow to
commit with the Relief Committee and learn their
want*.
Permit me to mt that your action* are in keeping
with your name, and prove that you are odd Fellow*
In uplrit and in truth. Such set* prove <Md Fellowship
to tie the tir*t and greatest charity of this enlightened
M •m* and nr-t» •t h .j. i,. f
you, is the earnest wish of
Yours fraternally.
J. C. SMITH. Grand Mister.

The “Hop Beer’’ Qcestiox. Bligh's
Hop Beer’’ was before our Court of Magis
trates on Friday last in tbe person of William
Massey of High street, who, it ap|iears, con
tinued to sell that celebrated beverage after tbe
Town Council of North Providence had with
drawn their endorsement of it, Mr. Bligh, the
maker of tbe beer, as we understand, guaran
teeing that he should not suffer pecuniarily for
so doing. Massey, for continuing tlie sale, was
complained of. The sale of the beer was admit
ted, and tbe only question was whether the
beverage was intoxicating in the eye of the law.
Prof. Appleton of Brown University and 11. W.
Vaughn, chemist, of Providence, by whom sam
ples of the beer had been analyzed, testified
that the beer contained so small a percentage
of alcohol that it was not intoxicating. The
court rendered a decision in accordance w ith
this testimony, and the complaint against Mas
sey was dismissed. P. E. Tillinghast of Paw
tucket apjieared for the prosecution ami N. Van
Slyck of Providence for the defence.
Thanksgiving Povltky.—Our meat mar
kets were supplied last Tuesday with a very
large quantity of turkeys and other kinds of
poultry, and we had doubts whether it would
all be disposed of for Thanksgiving, but it went
off rapidly, and yesterday none of the markets
had much left, and tbe supply in some was
entirely exbau-ted. and arrangements were
made to procure more. The best quality of
turkeys generally sold at 25 cent- a pound; at
one or more markets they were sold a little
less. This was a considerable reduction of the
prices of several preceding years. The poultry
was almost invariably of excellent quality, ami
some of the turkeys were very large. We saw
some at R. S. Darling's market that weighed
25 pounds each. Nice geest* were selling yes
terday at 20 cents a pound.
I. O. O. F. —About thirty memb ts of Swarts
Lodge of Providence visited their brethren of
Good Samaritan L>*dge of this place on Friday
evening last. Although the visit was intended
as a surprise, yet tbe Go>m] Samaritans were not
caught napping,”’ but received their visitors
with an open hand, ami supplied all their tem
poral wants at Mr. Kennedy’s. An hour or
more was spent at the Lodge room in listening
to remarks from Grand Secretary Driscol, Grand
Treasurer Beckford. Past Grand Master Israel
B. Purinton, Past Grand William Jeffers, and
others who have done good service in establish
ing Odd Fellowship upon a permanent basis in
this State. The occasion was a very pleasant one.
Presentation OF A PlcTl RE.—Good Sama
ritan Lodge ot Odd Fellows of this place was
presented on Friday evening last with a large
photographic likeness of the late Charles Payne,
a Past Grand of that Lodge, and a useful and
highly esteemed member. The presentation
was made in behalf of the widow of the de
ceased, and the accompanying address elicited
appropriate remarks in reference to the char
acter of the departed brother from a number
of the members of the Lodge. A voteof thanks
was tendered Mrs. Payne for the gift.
Personal. —On Sunday afternoon last, as
the esteemed pastor of the Methodist Church,
Rev. S. L. Iracey, was about to commence bis
sermon, tbe sexton walked up the aisle and
handed him a slip of paper which he supposed
was an additional notice to be given from the
pulpit. On looking at the pa|»*r he found it
contained the important pcr»>nal information
of the birth of a little daughter—Mabhabet
Thompson Gracey—since he had left the
parsonage. We understand that his jieople
had a short sermon that afternoon.
It has been the practice of some of the(pro
prietors of our fish and vegetable markets to
open their places of business a short time on
Sunday morning to supply people with such
articles as might be called for. They have
been notified to abandon this practice, and we
understand at the instance of persons in simi
lar business who do not wish to <q>en their
places on tbe Sabbath.
James Murray, a colored b*>y, was fined $-1
and costs in Providence the other day for
throwing stones. We don't know as there
are any colored boys in Pawtucket who are
guilty of the bad practice of throwing stones
in the streets, but there are white boys who
are, and their number is not small, and it
would 1* a good plan to subject them to some
discipline in regard to the matter*
Hl max Magnetism.—Professor Cadwell,
who leceutly gave exhibitions of his wonderful
skill in meMiierhm and magnetism at Central
Falls, will appear for a few nights in Battery
Hall, commencing tbe latter part of this or
early the coming week. To lovers of mystery
as well as amusement these exhibitions will
aff rd much enjoyment.
A live auk was caught tbe other day on
tbe east shore of the Seekonk river by a Paw
tucket party who were out hunting. One of
these birds has been stuffed by Edward R. Bliss
of this place, and may be seen in Mr. Reynolds'
window.
Temperance.—William D. Hilton, E' of
Providence, will addreas the temperance meet
ing in Wiiliam Penn Hall next Sunday after
noon. at five o'clock. Mr. Hilton is a good
speak, r. and always says something worth
bearing.
Sale oi Real Estate.—Elias Nickerson
has »o!d tbe No. 10 Grant street to Wil
liam il. lapp. E*q-
Among tbe e*eats of tbe coming week will
be a public wrddiug at tbe First Baptist Church
on Tues lay aftern.xm next, at five o’clock.
A special meeting of tbe North Prov.dence
Town Council was held on Monday last. No
busine* of an important nature was transacted.
CENTRAL FALLS.
Teachers' Ix-TrrtTE.—A State Teachers’
Institute is to be held in tliis village on Friday
and Saturday, December 15th and Pith. We
understand that Dr. Dio Lewis, Prof. Green
ough of tbe Rhede Island Normal School, Miss
Doyle of the Providence High School, Miss Es
sex of Warren, and B. G. Putnam. Esq-, of Ja
maica Plain. Mass., will be present and partici
pate in tbe exercises.
The New Depot.—The workmen on the
new depot have pushed things along rapidly for
a short time past, and station agent Robertson
inf >rmed us that he should be able to occupy it by
last evening.
Religiovs. The Rev. Dr. Waterman of
Providence will officiate at the Engine Hoose
next Sunday evening. Service at 7.
Rev. Mil Mirray’s Lectlke. —The
weather on Friday evening last prevented a
large attendance at Rev. Mr. Murray's lecture.
For the benefit of those who did not hear Mr.
Murray, we publish the following extract from
the opening of his lecture:
Although tbe Esquire aul the Parson Imre
passed away, the fieacon still lives. Kot as a clasa.
hut here anJ there as a remnant. Wherever one i >t
thia claaa was found, he was a markoi man. He wm
as different from the mass of Christians, as a crab was
from a fish or a zebra from cattle. Among the classes
of deacons are the big>>ted. narrow-minded deacon, of
which class lie had one in his church once. that you
iial to take hold of and look at sidewise, to see that he
h»t any mind at all." There, too, was tbe querub us
deacon, who f ught his factor with the same fervor
with which he prayed tbr the heathen; the heresy
hunting deacon, who watched the pulpit as a terrier
did a rat-hole, in order to pounce ujion some unfortu
nate sentence or quotation, an 1 went trotting down
the centre aisle after the benediction, his eyes fairly
snapping with suppressed satisfaction, that he had
scented out one more proof that his paator was un
aosnd in the frith;” the timid deacon, always worry
ing lest Ids minister will do something t» hurt his in
fluence; and there was the old fogy deacon and the
deacon who led tte choir, and knew better than the
pastor how to select the hymns; and last, but not least,
tbe deacon who studied two terms in the
Seminary, and wlrm the sewing society of his native
village was educating send as a missionary to the
heathen, but who did not go for two reasons, first, the
sewing society got into a fight, and broke up and the
funds failed, and second, be failed to pass his exami
nation at tbe end of tbe second term, all of which was
ordered by Provslem ein mercy to tbe heathen. The
first was Iseacon Slowup. senior ileacon of the First
Congregational Church in Fomilville. The church had
voted seventeen to four to have a picnic. It had taken
three sewing bees, four saaiablea, two sermons, thirty
nine jastoral visitations and one church meeting to
accomplish thia, and all Fotwilville was in a commotion.
The little folks were hilarious, the elder jatople netted,
and the conservatives doubting and ghs>my. The
evening preceding tbe picnic, a meeting was held in
the conferem-e room. It was by Deacon Slvw
up. with the same prayer that Ua>l serve*! him u;s>n all
oceaaions f>r thirty-five yean*. In the course of the
meeting, a diss uaaion arose as to whether they should
have beef" or bam sandwiches. Thia grave dis
cussion was prolong,-*! until a late hour, when iK-a* <>n
Slowup made a sj*eech in favor of ham aan-lwii hes,
l*ecause the church had always lielicsed in them, and
In-cause Ham was a Scriptural word, while beef”
wa« a secular word. This s|*eech clinche 1 the nutter,
and the i-ist- r dismissed the meeting and resigned hia
charge.
Cold Weather. —The present week opened
with weather unfavorable for the preservation
of Thanksgiving poultry, and we thought it
probable that we should have several days of
the damp mild atmosphere which often exists
in tbe latter part of November. But the
weather became cooler on Monday evening,
and on Tuesday morning the mercury was down
so near to zero that it was an unpleasant object
to look at. It touched, we believe, as low as
ten above, ami remained in the shade far below
the freezing point all day, and where the rays
of the sun fell the frozen ground thawed very
slowly. Yesterday the weather was nearly as
cold, and snow and a dull leaden atmosphere
made the day unpleasant and uncomfortable.
It is not often that we have such cold weather
in November. We have s|>oken elsewhere of
the severe weather in some parts of the west.
In different places in Maine the mercury was
dowu on Tuesday last from aero to five degrees
below, and is said to have been the coldest
weather ever known there in November. At
Quebec it was ten bejow zero, and the rivers
were frozen over. A dispatch from Wise >nsin,
dated Tuesday, says rej>orts from the Northern
Pacific Railroad represent that the thermometer
was down to twenty-three below zero. Heavy
winds prevailed, and trains were stop|*ed and
telegraph wires broken.

ItEl.K.lot's. —The ordinance of baptism was
administered to three persons on Sunday even
ing last in the First Baptist Church. The cere
mony, which was of a most impressive char
acter, was witnessed by an audience which
completely filled the spacious church.
Two persons were baptized on Sunday morn
ing last by Rev. Mr. Hyatt of the Free Baptist
Church, at the foot of River street.
Rev. W. C. Wright of lowa has accepted the
call recently extended to him by the High
Street Baptist Church and Society of this place.
He will enter i poll his laltors next month.
Considerable religious interest is manifest in
the Thomson M. E. Church, Rev. E. 1). Hall,
pastor. There were several penitents at the
altar on Sunday evening. 26th instant.
The Calvary Baptist Church at New Haven,
Connecticut,just completed at a cost of $100,060,
was dedicated on Wednesday evening of last
week, with a sermon by the pastor, Rev. Charles
E. Smith, formerly of Pawtucket, and addresses
by Rev. Dr. Hague of New Jersey an 1 Rev.
Dr. Crane of Hartford.
St. Paul's nt i:< it. Find Sunday in .Ad
rent.
16.45 A. M. Litany and Holy Communion.
2.45 P. M. Children's Service.
7.60 P. M. Evening Prayer and Sermon by-
Bishop Randall of Colorado.
After the sermon the annual Advent Oifiring
for Domestic Missions will be received.
St. Geokc-e’s CllAl'KL—Tile Ifotot of St. Paul'*
Church is ready to receive sny contributions, however
small, toward St. George’s Chapel,Central Falls. This
chapel is to tie built as a memorial of the late Rev. Dr.
Taft. A desirable lot can be obtained for fl HOO, and a
neat, attractive chapel can tie built for toou more, to
seat .w people. Offerings may l« sent through the
|a«t office, or ban led to the Rector. E. H. PoRTEB.
Morf. Post Office Impovemerts.—Our
enterprising postmaster is still at work making
improvements for the accommodation of the
patrons of his tiffice. He has l>een engaged
this week in so arranging the office as to give
him better facilities tor the transaction of the
money order business, which has increased
rapidly of late. We think he lias done well
with the room which he has at his command,
but would suggest to the powers that be" at
Washington that it would be a good plan to
erect a suitable building for a post office in this
place, which we understand is the third, if not
the second, post office in importance in the
State. The present office is too small for the
amount of business done here, and it would,
we suppose, be almost impossible to procures
more commodious room in as central a position.
We presume there must be nearly 20/100 people
who are furnished with postal facilities at the
Paw tucket office.
Supreme Court. —The ca*e of Robert
Wood, appellant, vs (Jeorge S. Fales, adminis
trator. was before the Supreme Court in Provi
dence again on Monday last. This is an action
to recover s2*o. alleged to have tieen borrowed
of the plaintiff by Philander Baker, the defend
ant’s intestate. The defence is that the
deceased never borrowed the money, or if he
did, the debt was incurred for gambling pur
poses, and no action can be sustained for its
recovery. The jury failed to agree on a ver
dict. P- E. Tillinghast and N. Van Slyck
for the defendant, and W. Sayles for the plaintiff.
The Duke Alexis. —The Boston Journal
says it has now been ascertained that the Duke
Alexis will arrive in that city on Thursday
evening. December 7th, by the shore line train
on the Boston and Providence Railroad, and
will remain as the guest of the city Friday, Sat
urday and Sunday. Of course the Duke would
not consider his visit a success unless he was in
some way permitted to pass through Pawtucket,
even if it be on a rail.
Commissary Obadiah Brown entertained the
staff officers of the Pawtucket Horse Guards at
bis res.dence in North Providence on Thursday
evening of last week. It is unnecessary to say
that his hospitality was dispensed with a liberal
hand.
Alm-vst a Fatal Accncxxr. by the using of poor
k-rooene oiL occurred a few days since. Yue <aa pro
cure the pointe Zcwri oil at H B arj—nter
Crockery Store. 87 MUI street.
H B.
Thanksgiving day wntU 12 o'cluck, oo if you have for
g.tten to provjde the a-esoary Crockery foe yowr tatoe.
you can proewre k at that time sad place
Crckevy S’.jre wiU be open x>
ATTLEBORO'.
EDUCATIOXAL. The fall term of the East
High School closed on Thursday, the 23d
instant The whole nmnber of scholars the
past term was 38. ami the average attendance
35, being 94 [■er cent. a larger figure than we
have before known in town. Twelve scholars
were not absent during the thirteen weeks, and
they deserve mention —Lillie Babcock, Clara
Blackinton, Cordelia Bliss. Nellie Brady, Lena
Capron. Minnie Kelley. Carrie Sanford, Annie
Tinkham. Emma West. Fannie Wolfonden,
Charles Blackinton and Lewis Blackinton. The
school is in fine working condition, and the
examination was a credit both to teacher and
to pupil. The class in resiling wa< particularly
fine. The school has attained its present high
standing through the exertions of the Principal,
A. F. Wood. with the valuable aid of the assist
ant. Miss Tonks, a young lady of talent, who
brings with her the thorough drill ot the Nor
mal School. The scholars seem to have caught
the inspiration from their teachers, and the
teachers to Lave taken fresh courage at the
enthusiasm of the scholars, so that the past
term —the first one that has bad the aid of an
assistant teacher—may w ithout doubt be called
the best and most aucceaaful one since the
school was established. “Loaeea trit furtfahrtn.'*
Musical.—Tlie numb er of tickets subscribed
for the Band course is not yet sufficient to war
rant the expense of the entertainments, al
though something over 200 tickets have been
taken. But as 300 is the least possible number
to start with, the Band have concluded to change
the programme and give two or three concerts
of a higher class even than was first intended
for the course. The arrangements are nearly
complete, and due notice wdl be given of the
tcAen and tchere.
Lecture. —Wm. A. Streeter Post, No. 145,
G. A. R., announce, for the benefit of their
Charity Fund, for Monday evening, December
4th. Gen. Judson Kilpatrick. Subject—
Sherman’s March to the Sea.” “Ail of which
he saw and part of which he was.” Don't fail
to hear him. D.
Tows Meetixg.—A warrant ha* been issued
for a special town meeting on Saturday after
noon next, at two o'clock, at the Town Hall,
to see what action the town w ill take in regard
to a suit brought against the town by John E.
Jewett, and to see, further, if the town will vote
to instruct the Selectmen to call the next annual
town meeting at Agricultural Hall in this town.
NORTH ATTLEBORO'.
Burglary.—Last Friday morning it was
discovered that the tailor shop of T. R. Jones
A Co., had been broken into during the pre
ceding night, as also the hardware store of C.
11. Ames. Since the fire< f September 28th, T.
R. Jones A Co. hate occupied their old location,
over the front of Mr. Ames’ store. The thieves
evidently gained an entrance into the building
by a window in the rear, and ]>assed up into the
hardware store through a scuttle stairway.
They helped themselves to a quantity of cutlery
and went into the next upper story by a scuttle
used to hoist an«l lower stores. Then unfas
tening tLe door into the entry by simply remov
ing a screw from the part of the d< or which is
fastened to the door casing, they were kept from
the tailor shop simply by a d'xir, which was
easily broken o|>en. The appearai ce of things
here indicated that they were in a Lurry. Cloth
and clothing, the latter both finished and unfin
ished, were taken. Parts of garments were left
and drop|>ed on the way out, and several pain
of pants w ere left hanging in the shop. Mr.
Jones estimates bis loss at $175, ami Mr. Ames’
loss is probably from $5O to $75. The same
night H. McLeod's bone and express wagon
were stolen from Lis barn, ami it is quite likely
that the team was umxl to convey the Stolen
goods away, as the horse and w agon were found
in the morning standing in the yard of Mr. Lo
renzo Drafter. This would seem to indicate
that the thieves carried their plunder to some
secure place, perha|>» into Rhode l-laml, and
then let the horse make the Lest of Lis way
home. A reward is offered for the detection of
the thieves and the return of the property.
Fike.—Ab tit half-past six Saturday after-
noon, an alarm of tire was l.< aid in our streets,
and it was quickly ascerlaimtl that the location
of the fire was in “Toad Alley." in the building
so long known as the stage stable.” It spread
with tearful rapidity.and it wa- with the utmost
difficulty that all the horses and carriages were
removed. There were fifteen horses in the
stable, ami they were taken out while the fire
was dropping fn m tLe hay loft overhead on all
sides. All the stages, carriages ami sleighs were
saved, and most of the bames-e-. About seven
tons of hay and three hundred b ishels of oats
were consumed. The fire was a quick one, and
it was not long before the w hole stable was a
mass of ruins. Fortunately the air was very
calm. Had it been otherwise, the loss of prop
erty would have been heavy. There was just
enough of a current from the west to car ry the
flames eastward, and it was only Ly the most
strenuous exertions that the bouse occu; ied by
Mrs. Dunn was saved. Had that taken, one or
two other buildings, and perhaps the post office,
would have gone. The Fire Queen from East
Attleboro' came up on the cars, but only in sea-
son to wet down the ruins. The barn Irelonged
to O. M. Drajs-r. and was insured for $2OOO in
the Peoples ”of Worcester. Rather curiously
it was the only building belonging to him in
which he had a dollar of insurance. His own
residence and some tenement houses b lunging
to him were in considerable danger. The stable
was occupied by A. R. Darling. He had insur
ance on his stock to the amount of $3300, which
will cover his !<>ss easily. The origin of the fire
is a mystery. No lantern had been carried up
into the hayloft. Hay was put down to the
horses before dark. It would seem almost
impossible that any one could set tLe fire and
get away unseen. TLe hostler bad been in the
bam f<>r some time talking, and bad gone into
the office and sat down. An unusual noise
among the horses attracted his notice, and he
was just entering the stable when the cry of
fire was raised outside. Fire wa* dropping into
the manger; of the horses nearest the door, and,
a* already stated, it was with difficulty, and
even at the risk of human life, that all the
horses were removed.
Fair.—The fair of the Celtic Comet Baud at
Barden's Hall last week was quite a success.
The attendance on Wednesday evening was not
large, but on Thursday evening the hall was
crowded, and on Friday evening, w hen the fair
cl<»sed with a dance, there was such a crowd
that the floor was filled with dancers, and the
dancing wa» continued till an early hour in the
morning. I might say here that he music was
furnished by Brown A- Reeves, and that our
old favorites, Frank Vaughan and tLe veteran
Joe Greene, were of the nuiukr. The hall
wa« prettily decorated with bunting and stream
ers. The comers of the ball were occupied by
the American. Irish. French and Prussian flags.
The u-ual attractions of a fair were presented,
so that they need not be particularized. There
was one large lottery of .t«i tickets with 25
prizes. In thia, tlie first prize, a nice chamber
set. was drawn by Frank B. Richards; the sec
ond prize, a nice lounge, was drawn by Michael
Riley; the third prize, a barrel of flour, by
Charles W. H. Day. In this lottery, fortune
very appropriately assigned a pair of comforters
and a pair of blanket* to two young Indies. I
am informed that the total receipts of the fair
were SUSo, so that the Band must have realized
quite a snug little sum from their first fair.
They tender thanks to the ladies who assisted
them, and to the public for its patronage.
Fike Durrucr Mesttixg. —On Monday
evening the meeting spoken of in my last com
munication was held at Barden's Hall. The
district voted to raise, for the purposes of the
fire department, the sum of $l2,<W, to be ex
pended as follows, the appropriations not to be
exceeded in any instance:
For pan base a steamer.....*4.nSS
land and a waeilan eweiae house. 4JM
b-«>ks. la<i'ler« atrl carriage 70
boar 2.SCB
b-ue earriac*.
fir-men’» bar*. etr ton
furaiatuug engine b-me. eu.....
Total
Messrs. S. Richardson. R. Knapp and S. S.
Ginnodo were choeen a Prudential Committee.
A building committee of five was also chosen.
Gideon H synes, warden of the Masanribusetu
State Prison, has resigned his office, Lis re-igua-
tfon to take eff-ct
as warden of the institution f»r many years,
and has disctiarged the duties of the rrspot-.siMe
position in a manner that has given great satis
faction.
Senator Morton of Indiana lectured in Prov
idence last Saturday evening on Tlie NaUoual
Idea.”
Lyxch Law,—The three negroes of whom
we spoke in a recent issue as having been ar
rested at Henryville, Indiana, on suspicion of
being the murderers of the Parks family at or
near that place, and lodged in jail at Jefferson
ville, were, soon after they were imprisoned,
taken from their place of confinement in the
night time by about fifty masked men. carried
about a mile to a piece of woods, and hanged
until they were dead. The jail officers had
pistols pointed at their heads, and were ordered
to keep quieL The keys not being found, the
doors were broken down with sledges. About
the same time a mob forced the jail at Brook
ville. Indiana, with the intention of taking
therefrom and hanging a man named Cheek
who was confined for murder, but the prisoner
knocked down the first man who entered his
cell, and seized his pistol and made such good
use of it that the mob were prevented from
accomplishing their purpose, and some of them
got hurt.
The murder of the Parks family has caused
great excitement in that part of the State, and
all the negroes who have settled there since
the war have been oidered to leave the county
on pain of death, and many of them have left.
Tlie Governor of the State has issued a procla
mation against these proceedings. He says he
will use all the power he possesses to put a
stop to them, and if these means fail he will
call upon the general government for aid. the
recent legislation of Congress making ample
provision for tlie intervention of the national
authorities.
Lynch law is not a new thing In Indiana. A
few years ago a number of persons were mur
dered there by a m<-b, and we believe none of
the murderers have been punished. The plea
in justification of these unlawful proceedings is,
that it is almost impossible to get offenders
punished by the legal tribunals, and we judge
that it is a very difficult matter there to do so.
And from all that is said, we infer that this is
the cause of a great portion of the Ku-Klux
doings in the southern States. The courts
either fail to convict notorious criminals, or
Governors pardon criminals if they are con
victed, and so people take the law into their own
hands as the only means of protecting them
selves and their property. Those who admin
ister the laws of the land should see that this
excuse for violating them has no foundation to
stand on.
Massachusetts Election. —The vote at
the recent election in Massachusetts for Gover
nor and other officers ha* been officially
counted. The vote for Governor in the whole
State is as follows: For Washburn, Republican,
75,121*; Adams, Democrat, 47,725; Chamberlin,
I-al>or Reform,6S4S: Pitman. Prohibition,6s9B;
scattering, 4U3. Washburn got a majority in
every city except Law rence, where his vote was
98rt, and that of Adams was 1255. The vote in
Bristol county was 4NM> for Washburn, Hksl for
Adams,sl6 for Chamberlin, 681 for Pitman, and
26 scattering.
Tlie vote for Senator in the First Bristol
District was 1691 for Frederick L. Ames of
Easton, Republican, and sdl for Abijah M. Lie
of Taunton as Democrat and 63 for Abijah M.
Ide of Attleboro’ as Reformer. There
would seem to be a differenceof opinion respect
ing the residence of our friend Ide.
Among those who were run for District
Attorney for the Southern District was Perez
Simmons of Hanover, a gentleman who figured
somewhat conspicuously, so far as talking and
writing on the Suffrage side were concerned, in
our Dorritc war of 1*42. He retired to Hano
ver soon after the famous battle of Acote Hill,
in which nobody was killed and nobody
wounded. He got 133 votes out of about 10,060.
George Marston was re-elected by a large
majority.
For Sheriff of Bristol county, William S.
Cobb of New Butifonl g”t s<>l<> v.-t< and John
Collins of Fall River 2209. For Clerk of the
Court*, Simeon Borden of Fall River got 5562,
James Kerrigan of Taunton 1564, and William
M. Conelly of Fall River 499.

A Prize for a Smart Girl. —The man
agers of the Columbus (Ga.) Industrial Fair
Association recently offered a seventy-five dol
lar tea set to the young lady, under eighteen
years of age, who would cook the best dinner
on the ground during fair week, the bill of fare
to l>e a» follows: Roast beef, chicken pie, corn
brea<l. plain biscuit,mashed potatoes, boiled rice,
and one kind of pastry, to lie selected by the
cook. The were furnished by the
managers, and everything so arranged that the
young 1 ffiy was only required to furnish an
apron for work. It seems to us that this is
much l>etter than offering money for horse
racing at fairs, and we think our New England
societies would find it not much le.-s attractive.
We certainly would give more to tee a dozen
or twenty young women competing with each
other in cooking a dinner, than we would to
see two or three horses trot a mile in three
minutes, which we believe is rather inside of
the average time made at agricultural fairs.
Rhode bland lias for a long time supplied
outsiders with turkeys, and the fame which it
has acquired in raising a stqierior quality of
these highly-prized birds is surpassed only by
the fame of its unequalled clambakes and chow
ders. It would seem that the success of the
Plantations in producing turkeys has at length
been heard of across the Atlantic, for the Prov
idence Journal informs us that the steamship
Scotia, which saib-d from New York yesterday,
took out to England five of the birds that were
raised in Coventry. Gen. Burnside also went
out in tLe Scotia, and the turkeys were very
pnq<erly placed under his protection.
•u.toe
He Las served
Vili.axous. —Tlie Providence papers men-
tion that while a young girl who resides at Fruit
Hill was on her way home from school last
Monday afternoon, she was seized by a man
who forced her from tlie highway into a piece
of woods, and there made a violent effort to out
rage her person. He did not succeed, and the
girl escaped from him with the loss of part of
her dress. The villain threatened to take h» r
life if she resisted or made an outcry. The girl,
whose name is Isadore Fisher, gave information
of what had occurred, and an unsuccessful at
tempt was made to find her assailant

A Discovery.—The author of the Provi
dence JournaT« Rural Notes and Notions
has been subjected to the tortures of an
autumnal house-cleaning, and he has discov
ered what the torture is for. It is to make
him thankful on Thanksgiving day that the
abominable turmoil is over. Now let him lie
observant, and ascertain, and inform its. if be
can, what the spring cleaning is for.
One Josiah S. Oliver of Stoughton, Mass-,
made his appearance in Providence on Saturday
last with a pair of horses in miserable and suf
fering condition which lie hail driven from
Stoughton a distance of forty mile* and
which he was trying to sell. Oliver was ar
rested for torturing the poor horse*, and fined
♦2 1 and costs —the heaviest punishment that
the court could inflict.
James C. Farmer, for twenty-five years engi
neer of the steamboat train on the Boston and
Providence Railroad, but recently promoted to
assistant master mechanic of that road, was, on
Saturday evening la*t. presented with an ele
gant gold watch and chain. The gift was from
sixty of the travelers on the above named rail
road. and the ]>resentatiou took place in Provi
dence-
Mr. Frank B. Sanborn has been re-appointed
a member of tlie Board of State Charities of
Massachusetts by Gov. Claflin, for the regular
term of five years, which we suppose will be
considered by him satisfactory compensation for
his abuse of Gen. Butler in the Springfield
Rrpu’diran during the recent p>»)itical campaign
in Massachusetts.
A Mox-tek Cheese is now on exhibition
in Quincy Market, Boston. It mea-ures four
feet and four indies in diameter, is twenty-two
inches thick, and weighs l*n4 poun I*. It was
made in Herkimer county. New York.
It is suggested that the church collecti >ll*
would be materially increased if they were to
be taken up by young ladies.— H'arrnt GazrJtt.
The Gazette, we presume, unintentionally
omitted to put tlie word pretty immediately
before young."

A New York gentleman who has Lad straw
berries ripen in Li* garden tLi* moi.tL Las re
moved the plants into the Louse, where the
berries are said to be growing finely.
It has lieen ascertained that tlie wb-de num
ber of persons lost by the buming the steam
er City of New London on Wednesday m >ming
of last week is seventeen.
The Bakes in this place will be dosed to-day
Jltfo (fnqlanb llcfos.
RHODE ISLAND.
J. V. B. B atson of Wakefield sent six tons of
poultry, mostly turkey*, on tlie freight train.
Monday, about equally divided for the Provi
dence and Boston markets.
As Albert E. Barnes was returning on Satur
day evening of last week from Providence to
his home in Greenville, with a loaded team, his
horse took fright and ran off a steep embank
ment. fifteen feet in height. Mr. Barnes was
thrown to the ground, and the wag»n, with
2.300 pounds of freight. jw»*ed over his chest,
breaking several ribs and his shoulder hones.
He was living at the latest accounts, and hopes
were enterained of his recovery.
Rev. Richard Woodworth, who ha« been
pastor of the Free Baptist Church in Greenville
for the last sixteen years, has resigned that po
sition, and will remove immediately to Hills
dale. Michigan, where he has accepted a call to
become the pastor of a church.
A young man named Ervin Earl. 18 year* of
age and a native of Maine, a brakeman on the
evening freight train from Providence to Bos
ton. was instantly killed on Thursday bat by
striking his head against a bridge at Sharon.
Rev. Dr. Granger and wife of Providence
were presented on Wednesday evening of last
week by the members of the Fourth Rapti*t
Church with a beautiful silver tea service. To
the gift the young ladies of the society added
an elegant dressing gown.
Ellen Cushman attempted to drown herself
in Providence last Friday afternoon, but was
prevented from so doing by a man named John
J Linn.
A little eight year old daughter of Owen
Bartlett, living at Olneyville, was kicked last
Saturday by one of the horses of the Cnion
Horse Railroad, and had her collar bone broken.
The small pox still continue* at Newport.
Two new cases have been reported this week.
Mr. Betijamin Doty of Bristol, aged 68 years,
was found dead in his bed on Friday momit g
I )a*t. He lived alone, and his death is supposed
to have oeen caused by disease and exhaustion.
A police officer in Providence last week car
ried a 125 pound drunken woman on his back
I one-eighth of a mile to the police station.
MASSACHUSETTS.
A Newburyport lady is said to have earned
with her sewing machine, in twelve years,
$6018.25, without paying a cent tor repairs.
Experiments on the French sugar-beet at the
Amherst Agricultural College show a yield of
thirteen per cent, of sugar.
Fitchburg jail has about 75 prisoners on an
average, at least seven-eighths t»f which are
held for drunkenness. The prisoners are em
ployed in farm and stable work and in seating
chairs. At the latter they have opportunity for
overwork, at which some individuals earn from
five to ten dollars per month.
The valuation of Fall River this year is $29,-
141.117. which is an increase since l*7 iof $5,-
52*J«i:>. The fiopulatiun the first of May was
27,291; same time 1870, 27.191.
James Cnx-ch diedin Sandwich last week
from starvation, a disease in the throat prevent
ing liis swallowing any food.
The work of grading the railroad from
Wellfleet to Privincetown will mk»i l>e com
menced, and it is expecti-d the line will be com
pleted by July next. The work will lie tiegun
at Pro* incetown, which is just now full of
cheap help.
Stephen B. Williams, for ten yean engineer
on the steamer Island Home of Nantucket, was
suddenly stricken with a|x>plexy on Sunday
week, and failed gradually until Tuesday, when
he diixi.
CONNECTICUT.
A curious monument i* now being put up
on the lot of Hendrick Barnum in Wooster
cemetery. It is a huge Connecticut b-Hikler,
faci-d on one side for a plate of Italian marble,
which is to liear the iiwriptioti, and is to be
surmounted with an ornamental design in the
same kind of marble. A smaller one is to be
similarly cut and trimmed and placed at the
head of Mrs. Barnum's grave.
At the Methodist chuich in East Thompson,
recently, the audience were startled out of
their propriety by seing the pulpit tip over and
go smash upon tlie floor below, just a* the min
ister rose from his knees after prayer behind iL
A tough li<»g wa* recently tnsrketed in Bel
fast, the |mrk having a rind an inch thick.
After assaulting the bi le several times with an
axe, the purchaser returned him as Ix-ing un
merchantable.
A resilient of Alexander lias made th is season
a thousand gallons of cider in a hand pres*.
As the mail stage from Rockland to Belfast,
was pa*sing through Rockport recently, a large
hog that wa* in the road ruslioi at the team,
caught the leader's hind leg in bi* mouth and
bit it severely, tearing the fiesh and tendons in
such a manner as to {irobably the horse.
The stage jieople intend to make a claim up>m
the owner of the hog for the value of the horse.
Jonathan Welch, who di«*l recently at Gro
ton, left real estate, valued at g!2.>**l. for the
benefit of the Baptist Church, of which he was
a inenilier.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Tlie Catholic church and parsonage at Port
mouth were de-troyed by tire <>n Monday in •rn
ing. Lose $l2, insurance, sl'i,'»*i.
The Manchester Mirror says the vehwitv of
the wind at Mount Washington on the after
noon of the 15th was 15U miles per hour, tlie
greatest vel< city ever known.
An eight pound trout was caught at Ossipee
the other day.
Mrs. 11. M. Miller of Concord, a distin
guished teacher <>f elocution, was recently very
severely injured by being thrown from a car
riage near West fodiaiion. N. H. Her wounds
were at fir*t thought to be fatal, but she is now
recovering.
VERMONT.
Aaron Smith of Victory was killed by the
fall of a tree he was felling on the i*th instant.
He was 30 years old and leaves a family.
The wife of Arunali K. Woodward of South
Royalston committed suicide by hanging her
self, a few weeks ago.
Ezekiel Emerson died very suddenly at R's-h
-ester on the 4th instant, of heart disease. ag« d
60 years.
Diphtheria is prevail!) g to an ala. ruing x
tent in many sections of the State.
Cows are sold by auction in Orleans county
at from $lO to $23 per bead.
There is now living in Williston a lady aged
*4 years, and a strong, healthy woman for that
age. who has had :tl children of her own. She
has been three times married.
IXSUItAM E LOSSEB RY THE Cl!I< AGO Ft lit:.
—At a recent meeting of Chicago policy holders,
a report was presented and adopted which
stated that there are aG>ut fifty-six insurance
companies which have su«pended payments
and b»vome insolvent since the Chicago fire,
and owing to the losses suffered therein <>f
these about sixteen are in New York city, five
in Hartford, five in Providence, four in Boston,
three in Buffal '.three in San Francisco, three
in Cleveland, eleven in Chicago, two in Albany,
and a few in other cities. Tlie suspended
insurance companies in New York city repre
sent a* tbeir gross a«sete, by the last ptibli*hed
statement, $11,757,638; Hartford, s2.:>'«'>,o7s;
Providence, $1,618,600: Boston, $2.*54J533;
Buffalo, San Francisco, s2A*M**>;
Cleveland, slJfi*.<F»i, and Albany. s»>o,ii<*».
The losses, assuming them total, are computed
to be. in New York city, 12.425J*0; Hartford,
$3,575/100; Providence, $2.n95/«*i; Boston,
s3,l<lo,*iim; Buffalo, $1,750/100; San Francisco,
s2,sO<*/fcMl; Cleveland, 1/350,<*M), and Albany,
$765,060. Tlie total insurance losses in Chicago
by the fire are estimated at about 2»,'M<)/lf>J.
Edward McKenna lost Lis team in Providence
last Tuesday while be was patronizing a place
where they sell whisky, and rewarded a boy
who found it and left it at a police station by
accusing him of stealing it. The result was
that the ungrateful McKenna wa* L-cked up for
iiidec nt iuUixication.
“Very like a Whale."—A dead whale
eighty feet long wa* ca t a*hore at 1’" 1 V L
in Massachusetts, on Saturday morning la-t.
It is thought that he will yield about one hun
dred barrels of oil. He appeared to have been
dead but a short time.
The Providence Young .Men s Lri*tian Ass»
ciation have made arrangement* U> give to the
n**w*bovs and boot-black* of that city a Thanks
giving supper to-day.
JfEW PVBLICATIOMS
V-rry'* V"»*uai '-•■mmrtee* a new rolam« In Janu
ary Tbnwe who sntwrrtt* now w® get tie N v.-n >«r
an'l mher r.umtera frw. Horace B Fuller. Fub
hsber. 1< BranCeM street B*t n
The F’oZin f ,r ISereaiher maintain* Its jseUion a» a
Icwlmg mmWenl jersatka) The IHustraiS-n of tl’is
m-nth is Camilla Urao. Th* musb leeapc* mHy afeuos
priate f the sss"*, eon.pricing leautitul Cnristm.,*
'■ar<4s. etc. Pul.tiaLed by White. Smith A Perry. >m
Washing*on street. B.*t> n
RVT' HFI/IRS HAIR DTK.—TMs swnwb H»lr
liye is the bett m tA- trorid— perfectly harmless, re.u
ble an I instautar>e».n>. n >ii>a;>p*4n'me»t, no rhlh
lota tints or cliaagreeahle odor. The g-r ain* Wm
A. B*l< hefor'a Hair Dye pnalurew Iwartuarrtv a
spken iM Black or natural Bruwi. leaves the bait cfora,
e/t. Arootifa/, 4 >e* not contain a partb le «d ieari <tr
anrtnju-h,na<-omp»und *<>M hy all ■tragg'*’* Far* -u
ry. lC BOND STREET. N. Y ly <*t C
BRIGGS'S ALLEVANDiR to wa.t.mw! to cure
Hem Im be. Neuralgia. JCervuoa or With H«-a.la> he.
Trembling and Twitching of the Herren, and all Xer-
V'Hta lOaeaaea. counteract* all P-toons. t. urre all Itchy
Hune-r» Ptniplew.Sc-.aH Eru|<ti--na. Sold by Dr.
C. E Dnvla A Sow. Abbott Greene. J 4>n Oe, F»-k
A Gw., and Druggtota generally. tf July 21
tyihi not negba-t a alight roogh, but wo Cow’s
Pec-Toßal Mixtlbx promptly, and much *rkt»wa
may he av'etded 3m 3°
Tice lawt and the e)»-*j«-»t—< tam o* HaLToWD
Tantr Rare*
MAINE.