SPAIN AND THE UNITED STATES.
The Reeall of Minister Roberts and
of Captain General Yalmaseda.
The Appointment of Marshal Concha Diseourag
ing to the Cubans?Spain's Policy More
Bellicose?A Clean Sweep of the
Principal Officials in Cuba.
Washington, Dec. 20, 1871.
Seflor Roberts, the Spanish Minister, has received
?official notification or his recall, which was partly
dne to the influence of Marshal Concha, who ac
cepted the Captain Generalship only on condition
that the Legation at Washington should be filled
by a nominee of bis own. General Crcspo, Acting
Captain General during the lato massacre of
the students, and all the heads of departments in
Cuba, have also been removed, and their places are
to be filled by men of Conoha's choice. Admiral
Polo de BarnaDe, the successor of Seilor Roberts,
will leave Madrid without delay.
The changes in the government of Cnba, as well
as in the representation of the Spanish government
here, is the subject of considerable speculation.
The fact that Concha is even more the tool of the
volunteers than Yalmaseda Is regarded by the
Xrlends of the Cuban patriots as In no way encourag
ing, aud the change from the warlike tone of our
own government is considered extremely ominous.
Mr. Fish's poller has evidently triumphed over that
of Baboock, and Robeson is once more gentle as a
sucking dove.
The New Spanish minister.
Don JosC Polo de Barnabe, since 1869 Rear Ad
miral or the Spanish navy and lately commander of
a squadron in the Mediterranean, is yet in the prime
of life and a man of great euergy, but, to judge
from his auteccdents, scarcely fitted to fill the
part of a diploma tic representative. He has
passed the greater part of blB naval career in and
around Cuba, and is therefore well acquainted with
the affairs of that island. Ills appointment, coupled
with that of Marshal Concha, seems certainly un
favorable to the maintenance of friendly relations
between the United States and Spain. Admiral Polo
de Barnabe made himself prominent under the
reign of Queen Isabella, by advocating violent
measures against the south American republics,
particularly against the republic of Pern.
He was so violent in his attack on the government
for what he called lis truckling vo the United States
and tu demanding a more vigorous prosecution of
the war that he was removed from ills position. He
predicted tuat the defeat of the Pet uviaus would
ultimately lead to the restoration or Spain's
supremacy over all her former colonies In South
America. While he incurred the distavor ol the
royal court, tus violent denunciation ol ihe govern
ment on this question made him quite
popular among the hot-headed Spanish politicians.
And when he was removed from his command in
the uavy Ue was immediately chosen a member of
the Cortes, where be continued his attacks on the
Uabtuet. He has published a pamphlet entitled
"The Future Greatness of Spain." which, In one or
Its chapters, treated the relations or Spain to the
United States. Admiral Polo contended in It that
the Monroe doctrine was an insolent assumption
on the part of the United Stares, and that Spain had
more reason than any other European coun
try to disregard ami oeiy It. 1 ne author also tried
to prove, from documents relating to the war
9aiusl the rebelliou, that the aggressive strength
ihe United States was far interior to that of
spam; that the American navy was unable to cope
with the Spanish ileet. and that a war between the
two countries would be certain to eud in ravor of
Spam, the more so as Spanish privateers
could not only greatly injure, but totally destroy,
the loreigu trade ol the United States.
After the overthrow of Queen Isabella in Septem
ber. 1868, Admiral Polo was reinstated in his former
position, and became me most faithful adherent of
Admiral Topetc, umier whom he at one time held
llic position of Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Having taken an active part in the intrigues which
led to the election of King Amadens he
was rewarded with a promotion ana placed
In command of the Spanish fleet m the
Mediterranean. He has ever since been a favorite
at tbe Court of the new monarch. AS regards the
Cuban qnestion. Admiral Polo has always voted In
the Cortes In ravor of the most rigorous measures
for tbe suppression oi the rebellion. Tbe new Am
bassador Is said tubes perfect Are-eater and to en
antatn the most Vxaggeraicd ideas or the power
tial greatness of spam.
FRANCE.
The Arrest of Citizen Hostages by the Germans
Denied?Note Issue Circulation of the Bank?
The Supply of Bullion?" Patience" a
Point of Radical Profession.
TELEGRANS TO THE HEW TORI HERALD.
Pakis, Dec. 29, 1871.
The Oflcial Journal denies that the Germans
have made an? arrests of French citizens to he held
as hostages.
TDK BANK OF FRANCS.
The legislative committee on the subject of the
condition of the Bank of France is disposed to In
crease the circulation of the bank 8OO.O0O.0OOL, in
stead of 600,000,000f., an demanded bjr the govern
ment.
STOCK OP BULLION IN T1IK BANK.
The bullion in the bauk of France has decreased
aoo,oooi. during the week.
RADICALISM WITH UKASON.
M. Gambetta, who was last ai Versailles, has
gone to Toulon. While at the former city he ad
dressed the radicals, counselling "patience and
moderation."
The Amy ReorsailMlion Plan.
Paris, Dec. 29?P. M.
The committee of tne Assembly on the reorgani
sation of the army propose to make toe term of
military service five years on active duty, four years
in the first reserve and six years in the secondary
reserve.
GERMANY AND FRANCE.
French Attempt to Kurder German Soldiers in
thd Hostaged Territory?Prussian Retali
ation for Personal Insult.
TElEfiBAI TO THE HEW TORI HERALD.
LONDON, DCC. 29, 1871.
An attempt was made on Sunday night in the
town of Glutrleville, In the Department of Ardennes,
France, to assassinate a corporal and trumpeter be
longing to Bavarian regiment quartered in that
place.
Toe wounds received by the corporal. It is be
lieved, will result in death.
The German military authorities have commenced
a searching Investigation into the affair, with the
object of discovering and pnnishlng the would-be
assassins. The repeated outrages which are com
mitted upon the German trooDs tn the occupied de
partments of France have caused the Issue of
orders by the Prussians providing for the severe
chastisement of all persons guilty of such offences.
A nOSTAOK.
The master of a college in Vltry le Pran^als has
been seised and held as a hostage, because some of
the students under his charge manifested their dis
approval of the presence of the German soldiers.
ENGLAND.
The Folios Prosecutions of Bohemian Litera
ture.
TELEGRAP TO THE HEW fOAI HERALD.
London, Dec. 29,1871.
The government proceedings against the dealers
in a oily press periodical, under the police court
law, against circulating literal ure of a demoralizing
tendency hes been suspended for three months, on
the promise or the accused to stop selling the
paper.
THE KD KLUX TBIALS.
Several PHwim Plead Utility and Are Mm.
(??red at OiM-Tke Trial of Dr. Avrry.
Columbus, s. c., Dpo. 20, 1S71.
tin the United Stales Court to-day the following
Kn Mux prisoners pleaded guilty and were sen
tenced to eighteen mouths' Imprisonment and *loO
fine:?Henry C. Wsruck, Aldus can oil, Kb Boss
Stuart. Joslah if art in and Samuel J. Brown.
The trial ol Dr. Ed want Avery, charged with con
spiracy la preventing colored men from voting in
October, 1871, and tor puntabing ti\em lor voting in
1870^ then began.
THE PRDfCE OF WALES.
Qumb Victoria'* thanks to the Fation for Its
Sympathy for Hsr Family?Prince Albert's
Memory?"The Best, Wisest and
Kindtst Husband."
TELEGRAMS TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
London, Dec. 29,1871.
This afternoon'h papers publish a letter from Hor
Majesty Queen Victoria, in which she says she "de
sires to express her deep sense of the touching sym
pathy exhibited for her family by the whole nation
at the illness of her dear son, the Prince of Wales."
The universal feeling, says the Queen, shown by
her people during the painful and terrible days of
the Prince's illness, tneir sympathy with her
self and her beloved daughter the Princess of
Wales and the general joy manifested at the t
Improvement In the health of the Prince has made j
a deep and ineffaceable impression upon her heart.
i The manifestations of the people are nothing new
to her, for she met with the same sympathy ten
years ago, when a similar illness to that under
which her son is suffering removed the "mainstay
of her llie?the best, wisest and kindest husband
that ever lived."
Her Majesty savs she also wishes to express the
heartfelt gratitude of the Princess of Wales, and j
concludes her letter by the expression of the hope
that "her faithful subjects will continue to pray for
the complete recovery of the Prince."
The Prince of WiliV Health.
London, Deo. 29?2 P. M.
The bulletin from Sandrioghani to-day stales that
the Prince Is gaining strength, and the swelling
above the hip is subsiding and causes less pain.
STAftTLINO STORY THAT THE PRINCE OF
WALES WAS POISONED.
The Secret Council of ihc International So
ciety Resolve* to Amanaiuate the l'rinco ol
tVnlos by Poison?How the Poison Was
Given to the Prince?III* Death Resolved on
by the Faaatics ot the Society.
London, Dec. 13, 1871.
To the Editor op tuk Herald:?
I have heard a terrible tntug. It is that the assas
sination or the Prince of Wales by poison has been
attempted by the Secret Conucil ol the international
Society in England, to whose programme of a Brit
ish republic, it would seem, the existence oi His
Royal Highness Is the clue!est difllculty, and who,
consequently, decreed his death as a political ne
cessity. I may not tell who my Informant is?in
deed, I know neither his true name nor his nation
ality, but 1 do kuow him to be a man who lias been
all his life through a propagandist of the revolution.
My lirst thought last night when he told me
THIS POISON 8TORY
was that he raved, but la a few minutes if he had
not vanquished my Incredulity he had staggered it.
He bid me remember that a certain leader of the
English revolutionists, whom he designated, and
fitly, as it seems to me, "The English Delescluze,"
has over ana over declared from public platforms
that
THE PBINCB SHOULD NEVER SIT ON TnE THRONE,
and that lately, when Queen Victoria was seriously
111, the same mau bad said, lu an interview with the
reporter of a London payer, that although the
event of the sovereign's death occurring just then
wonld, without any donbt, find the society not quite
prepared to aot, yet that they could never lose such
an opportunity to advance their cause. According
to my informant the secret Council have since con
sidered that a movement now or for some time to
come wonld, under any circumstances, lie so pre
mature as to involve the greatest risk of failnre and
of irretrievable disaster; and as, on the other hand,
THE ACCESSION OF THE PRINCE
would be the ruiu of atl their grand and ripening
hoDes, they determined to send him to an early
grave. It was certainly true that the Prince's oldest
son would Inherit his father's so-called "right" to
the throne; bnt the revol utiouary leaders believe
that a boy Ktag and long regency would so thor
oughly open the eyes of the English people to the
usclessiiess ol the monarchy that long before tne
boy wonld he a man the House of Brunswick
should have ceased to reign. My informant de
clared
TUB PUBLISHED STORY OP THE PRINCE'S ILLNESS
being typhoid lever false and an invention of the
doctors at isandriughara, either as the most plausi
ble with which to cloak their Ignorance of symp
toms they do not understand, but which perhaps
bear some likeness to those really attending tnat
disease, or else, for reasons not hard to guess at, to
conceal the truth and deceive the world with a lie.
The poison, he said, was a newly discovered and
most subtle one.
HOW THE PRINCE WAS ACTUALLY DOSED
ne did not pretend to know. The emissary of the
International charged with the execution of tne
sentence of death was left to himself, and was sim
ply bidden to take as few Innocent lives in carrying
j it oat as possible; but it was suggested to him to
i mix tne poison with the contents of the Prince's
i pocket (lask. and this It was probable he had sue
j ceeded in doing, as
LORD CHKSTKKPtPLO
was the only person among the company assembled
at Londesborough llouse who was affected in Hie
same way as tne Prince, and his case would be
accounted for by tne supposition that he had pur
taken ol the contents of the fatal flask.
THE EMISSARY OP TUB INTERNATIONAU
My Informant said the emissary had opportunities
of being closely about the Prince at Londcsborougn
House, but wUether as a guest or an attendant he
declined to tell me. He alluded to him as "the
airent of the society," and said lie was urged not to
toil, and knew well that any treachery on bis part
wouiu have cost him ills lile. It was to this edeot
my informant spoke. Yon may think he was oat
of his mind, but 1 do not, when 1 recollect wnut po
litical fanatics are and the high and frightful crimes
of Felice OrsiDl and Wilkes Booth.
in relating this story
1 neither express belief nor disbelief in it. ir true
confirmations will soon come in to you from other
sources. As we parted my informant said, "If the
Prince recovers now it wUl be a miracle; but be
must not be permitted to live long; his death is
necessary to tne revolution." The latest telegram 1
have seen to-day stys the Princo still lives, and 1
close with a prayer for ids recovery as earnest ami
slnoere as has been offered by any subject of the
Queen, bis motnur.
CUBA.
Enthusiastic Reception of Colored Troops at
Havana.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALD.
HAVANA, Dec. 29, 1ST1.
Four companies or colored Havana firemen, who
have been operating in tne oinco Villas district,
bnt were recently relieved by order of captain Gen
eral Valmaaeda because there were sufficient troops
In that district, returned to Havana this evening,
and were received with enthusiasm. They arc the
first troops that have returned Irom the insur
rectionary districts.
ftjijEGRAPHIU N"EWS ITEMS.
The new Hudfon River bridge at Albany la completed and
tram. |>a.a over it.
Governor Hoffman'. me.easa will be very long, making
70.UUU (ma or alMtul leu column.of -mall typo.
The direct'ire ol the European an 1 North American Rail,
road yesterday elected M. H. Angell auperlitnnUent, vice
Lent re.lguoJ.
The frigate Uhattanooim. .unk al LeagMa t.lan I, w need
ae a atoieihlp. Tht machinery h.<i been removed, a. au?
mim complete failure aa a war vasal
The enow blockade on the Union Pacific Kallroad, be
tween L.armmie and Rawlins -tationa, continues The track
la reported olear caat of Laramie and weal of ttawlina.
B. W. Morgan, llie defeated candidate at I'lltabiirg for
Mavor, baa entered a ci imlnnl ami for libel agatnal the pro
prietor* of the Mewunf/ /wader lor article. pu.di*tMd agato.t
iino during the campaign.
George P. Uarr, Judge "f st, John the Hap'.l.t pariah,
Loiu.iatia, commuted .nlct lc yeuer lav at Magnolia, Miaa.,
while in a lit of temporary insanity, lie w.ia aged about
twenty eight yeara and was a native of IliiuoU.
A. Hlcken t oopcr an 1 other., composing a committee ap.
poll.leu by the Grand Arinyol the Krpuollc to .n i.e an iiigo
no nil for the erection nl a Mflttutnesl Id th? l.te iteoerai J"
K Ml Therein, barn mod T. I). .loties, aculptor, of I'mctr
nail, 10 recover I sfl if> damage, for tailing !u cumoietd tbe
work ib iba time epeoined lu lu? contract.
THE STATE CAPITAL.
The Rural Solon* Flecking Into Town?Specula
tion* Respecting the Speakership?Alvord'*
Chance* Bright?Prospect of a Heavy
Lobbying Season?"Will the 'Boa*
Come Up!"?Tweed and Tam
many "Played Out"
AI.OANY, Dec. 20, 187L
Albany begin* to wear aome appearance of lire
and excitement; not rrom the actual arrival of
members?not mure tban twenty of whom are
present?but lroin the early commencement of ener
getic efforts by ttie lobby in behalf of their several
'candidates for the Speakership. Alvord Is already
here, with a crowd or adherouts, wno talk confi
dently of success; but as they belong
to outside "rings,'* his present apparent
strength may prove fallacious when mem
bers arrive more freely. Still, Alvord's
chances are unquestionably the best. At tnta mo
ment he seems the only candidate of positive per
sonal strcugih. The movement in hew York last
night, virtually throwing overboard Henry Smith,
of Albany, Is much canvassed, and Is regarded as
decidedly favorable to Alvord, for two reasons
First, because all smith's positive strength is oer
taln to go lor Alvord when Smith Ib out of tho way;
second, because it Is believed that Smith Is repudi
ated by ttie new Yorkers only for the purpose of
ofTertng themselves on the market for positions to
the candidate likely to command tne greatest
strength. As this will probably be Alvord, tt Is
supposed that he will be able to make bargains for
votes from New York.
It Is said that memoers from down the river scent
ehormous jobs out of the New York bills, consider
ing the largo amount of oillces and valuable charter*
to be given away. Ilcncc they are over
eager to secure positions on influential
standing committees. Alvord's friends say that
the intimations turowu out tu favor of
the support or I'rlnco Twombloy for the Speaker
ship arc all shams. Twoniblcy has no strength.
IIo would not be snpportcd by the Custom
House clique In good faith because, it Is well known
that he is in intimate relations with Hepburn, who
Is hand and glove with Police Commissioner Hank
(Smith and Dllks. Hence it is believed that Smith,
1 of Albany, will be thrown over only for the purpose
I of bringing ihe down river votes into the market for
the highest bidder.
i Senator Ramsey, with a strong Susquehanna Kali
road lobby, is hero, still adhering to the fortunes of
Henry Smith; but the candidate hlmseir almost
j gives up the fight, and Is prepared to go In lor
Alvord on condition that he is given the chairman
ship oi the Judiciary Committee.
Alberger, oi liulTaio, Is here, looking out slylv for
chances, but wp liout the hope oi doing more tban
securing a good position on a committee. He aspires
to the chairmanship or the Ways and Means,
but is willing to put up with that ol Canals.
He declares that Alvord is Ills second choice alter
i himself.
The method of canvassing for position I* lllus
I traied oy a scene in Alvord's room to-uay:?
I UKBBN-ROOKING COUNTRY KX-MEMBKB?Well,
Governor, 1 guess G our member, is all right;
I but lie wants a good bargain.
Alvorp?What does he require?
Kx-Mkmeik?Well, he wuuts a position on the
I Ways and Means and one doorkeeper.
"1 shall oo tne best lean lor my mends," was
Alvord s diplomatic reply.
Up to the present moment the whole Canal
i strength seems fo be thrown lor Alvord, together
j with wucii of the Railroad strength. Ttie latter is,
1 however, divided by llenry Suiitb. l'be members
1 now here are all irom the rural districts, ami not
i one speaks or any other candidates than Alvord,
Smith ami Alberger.
Mam declare that the republican disseuslons In
New York ctty and the bitter aooae of republicans
i Irom the country by their own organs in the city
I render it inexpedient toptaoe any down-river mem
ber in the .speaker s chair, they being all identified
with tlic fight on one side or tne other. Tne coun
I try members say, "We want no Now York squab
bles brought into the Assembly Chamber."
In view or Hie subject ol first consideration, rhe
Speakership, none of the contemplated jobs are yet
mooted; but Irom the character of the lobby vul
tures already gathering herein crowds it is evident
that mere will be no lack of Jons during the coming
session.
For the Clerkship of tne Senate the prominent
candidates are Jauies Terwilllger, Secretary of the
Custom House, and William G. Wceo, ol Albany.
Terwuligor has uot yet pu^ In an appearance.
For the House clerkship Edward Johnson, of
Steuben, has the Inside track. Among tne crowd
of other candidates are Edward Underbill, ex-Aa
j semi Iviuan Uignalt ami Underwood, who Has been
lor years hanging about as deputy inside clerk, and
others too numerous to mention.
"Will Tweed come up?" seems to be a question of
much moment. The bankers tu the interest
I of l'aro; the hack drivers, gin sellers, hotel
i keepers and hall boys will sadly miss
I the gang who followed the "Boss" and
1 made the money tty so Ireely during the past few
i years. It is rather suggestive that no rooms pave
been engaged oy or tor "Tweedy;" and the elozaut
apartments in which he neld his levees, in which
j tnc committee on Municipal Affairs compounded
toe charters and tax levies aim such like pleasing
doses lorpoor. devoted Gotham, are in the market
lor the highest lmbler.
The country members are flocking in, and ail
seem to i>e very hungry for spoils. It is sale to pre
sume that there will be some heavy lobbying done
and any amount of corruption.
None of wiial was familiarly known as "the
gang" have applied for quarters at the hotels, so that
it may safely be said that Tammany has given up
the gnost in earnest.
THE WABASH.
llDRior That She Had Lost Party .lira In a
Gnlr-Tlie Vnetl Arrived in European
Waters?No Notice of the Alleged Disaster
Sent (In.
a rumor of a very startling kind appeared (u the
evening papers of tins city yesterday aiternoon,
founded on a statement 111 the NaiHical <icueue,
which look lorm in tins wise:?
The N iuH nl i/'iz-n of thli city lias received a report from
HoaLon to the e.Teci that the United States frigate Wabash,
on her pamaite arrow t lie Atlantic, encouutrrc I a vere
i Bale, in which between thirty an I forty men were lo?t over
board. No nate of the alleged disaster is given, and It is
hoped that the leport is unfounded,
i The first Mass frigate Wabash sailed from New
i York in ihe second week of November last, under
I the command or Hear Admiral Aldcn, for Cadiz, to
take her place Iii the Mediterranean as flagship of
the European squadron, it will lie remembered
tnat she had on board as passengers General Slier
man and Ueuteuant Fred Grant, son of the Presi
dent. She arrivedsately in Cadiz on the lath Insu,
and the public was informed on Thursday by cable
that the General and the Lieutenant were
expected in Paris tno day following. There
can be 110 danger, then, as regards
our representative tourists. From all Inquiries,
then, it seeius, the report that the Xautical untrue
bad received a despatch irom Bosion to the elThct
thai the irlgate Waoash had encountered u severe
gale and lost tlurtr or forty men overboard is pro
nounced laiseby i he editor of that journal. Noining
has been heard front any other source of sucli a
disaster. Inuuirics have been niado at Boston and
Washington to trace tne orign 01 the rumor.
'1 lie following telegrams win explain themselves,
nu I doubtless put a stop lo all lurther fear.-. 011 the
subject:?
Washington, Dec. as, 1871.
The Nmvt Department has received no iiiforrnntlun relative
to the alleged dlitaairi to the iriaate YVabalb. The last heard
Irom lier was by a e.able telegram, on the ISth inst., announc
ing Iter arnvai at adm: all well. Mie would thence go tu
the Mudlt, nan. an; hut the time was not slated.
Boston, Dee. 29, 1871.
fateful Inquiry falls to confirm the repotted lotn nl men
from the W aoash, aud the statement is not credited here.
JUDGE LYNCH AGAIN.
The Km KIiix Marauder* Plr*t Attacking a
Colored Man?Then Imprisoning; and Hmiily
Hanging Him.
Cincinnati, Dec. 20,1871.
Last Friday evening, says the correspondent of
the Time* utuf vhrumcle, a man named Browning
accompanied by others, -wont to the house
of George Duncan, colored, lu Bracken
county, Kentucky. It Is said, to whip
the latter or eject hint irom the bouse.
Duncan showed flgnt, aud on tho door being
1 broken down by his assailants, a red into tuc crowd
1 nun killed browning. Duncan was raptured aud
I taken to Broukville Jail In his sinrt and drawers.
on .suiulav iiiglu. at nine o'clock, lifty-i wo dis
I guiscd and armed men took him irom ine jail and
I Biarted lu the direction of i'ovversville. Duncan
I slipped tw.tt irotu the party, bill was recapulTed
I and linally hanged to a tree a mile and a half aroin
Urookville.
Tnere was great exi itement In the place on Mon
day and 11 was difficult to procure tufortuatiou.
CHIOOT OUNTY OUTRAGES.
Lreni I nemd.ir** at Lake Viilnac.
Lirri.it Rock, Ark., De^ 29, 1871.
General Dan.orlli, the Governor's Adjutant, re
turned from Chicot county last nigttt. He reports
all quiet, tun a .-pinioi uneasiness pervading all
classes that the late outrages may be repeated.
It is understood that tho Governor will send a de
tail from las guards to Lake Vfflnge to Mke the
pla 0 oi tue sheriff's posse, and to remain uutU tun*
Udeuce it lestored auioag the people
TAMMANY HALL.
HABSHALLINti OF TIIK CLANS.
A Secret Caucus at the Metropolitan Hotel?Plan
of Operations Determined Upon?Reform, Re
generation and Renown?Meeting of the
General Committee-Resolutions and
Nominations of Inspectors.
The Tammany chieftain* sounded the trumpet
yesterday and summoned the trusty warriors to
tnetr side, a terrible war had been waged, and an
overwhelming defeat bad almost anuimlated the
marshalled clans, but as the retreating forces
scattered and disjointed, were rast disappearing
the political clarion with a welkin ring, recalls the
solid men to the front. In other words, a caucus
or the Tammany committee was held at the Metro
politan Hotel, a delegate irom eaoh ward being
faithfully represented. Mr. Harry Genet presided,
and called the heroes to oraer with bis wonted
promptitude. Althougn the surrounding circum
stances were gloomy and the prospects by no means
bright, the members of the committee?stauncn
and true to their tattered colors?were, neverthe
less, deiiaut and warlike. The council was, or
course, carried on In private, as, of coarse, any
such grave proceedings should lie, bat the mala ob
ject of tUe gathering was to arrange
THE PLAN OF OPERATION
for the meeting to be held in the evening, several
orations, short, sharp and spicy, were delivered;
bat It is understood that great unanimity prevailed.
Alter a great deal of dlsousston it was Anally de
termined that Tammany Hall should be thoroughly
reorganized and that all the recreant chiefs who
by their actions had tended towards the diHgrace of
the party in this city, and consequently to its recent
defeat, should be completely ostracised, or, like
rotten branches, should be cut down and cast Into
the Are. Having thus amicably agreed to discard
all the political delinquents hitherto so prominently
associated with the once nowcrlul wigwam, the
meeting adjourned.
TIIK TAMMANY URNBKAL COMMITTER.
The little theatre in Fourteenth street, onco occu
pied by Hryaut's Minstrels, was last night, crammed
to the doors by as motley an assemblage as ever
thronged a building. All shades of politicians wore
I represented, from the shrewd and calculating or
gaulEer to Hie threadbare smecurlst till ee mouths
I without his pay. The odor of the cigars u as not
altogether so delicious as in days or yore, wniie
there was an entire absence 01 that sell-satisiied
bearing thnt was wont to mark the deportment of
the lag end wirepullers. William M. Tweed was not
present?a lact, by Hie way, very nottceaole
by the general character of the proceed
ings, which were not by any means so
j smooth as when the "Boss" presented IUh
I portly person beforo the admiring throng and
lntormed those In attendance how the machine was
working. The ostensible object of the meeting last
night was to nominate inspectors lor the primaries,
once very important institutions incidental to the
main organization. it would appear that a new
General Committee will be elected next Thursday,
and that then the aays of Mr. Tweed's chulriuau
snip must come to an end. The attendance at the
meeting lasi evening incluued most ol the well
known heavy weignts of the party, from Judge
Connolly down. Shortly after eight o'clock Mr.
Hurry Genet called tue meeting to order and nomi
nated Mr. Heury Woltmau as temporary chairman.
Resolutions were then submitted, the preamble set
ting forth that, inasmuch as
GRAVE OH Alto KS OF HKAITD
and corruption in oiilce had been made against
prominent leaders of the democratic party of mis
cry through the public press, and the proceedings
tn our courts were familiar to all; and whereas the
I organization of Tammany Hall, of which these ln
I dlviduals were members, leels deepy the oppro
briuni their conduct has Drought unon It; and while
It regrets they should so lar torget the ooligatlons
l restiug upon tuem In the high positions 10 which
they had been elevated through its power and in
t Aueiice as to orlng di grace upon themselves and
j deical upon the democratic uarty. yet it could uot
tor a moment oe considered mat the sins ana
crimes of a lew persons connected wPli It should be
allowed to work the destruction of the organization
i or paralize us eiforts la the lulure. Under ihcse
1 circuinstauccs h was resolved mat in the Interests
oi the democratic patty ol the city and nation it
I was deemed necessary that the organization known
as Tanunany Hall General Committee should con
uuuc to l>e
I TBK REGULAR DEMOCRATIC ORGANIZATION
of Tbu city and county 01 New fork. The next
resolution feitrorth itiai Hie committer were In favor
of thorough reform in tne administration of mutil
cipal and 8taie artairs, and also of a radical reforma
tion in the federal government, to the end tliut the
lights and benefit* designed to be conferred on gov
ernmental 01'gauizatlous might be eujoyed by all,
while economy and integrity should mark the ad
I ministration of each department 01 the same. Tne
resolutions lurther added that, whlie they In the
strongest terms condemned those who had abused
tbe power ol their olllces to deiruud the city und
county, and had thereby imposed Increased burdens
I on the people, the committee called upon all tncu
I who had a desire to lienelli their lollow citizens to
devote their time and energies to slop the sluice
i gates of lraud and extravagant expenditure. Ity
i the tlnul resolution the committee pledged them
selves to give ail the aid in tneir power to perfect
A THcKOlHflt ANP KAIIICAL RKIOKM
i in the administration of tne citv and county aflairs.
The resolutions passed unanimously, aud tuere was
an appearance of virtuous Indiguatlou on every
i lace. Then came the nominaliou of the inspectors
and the places or election. When the Sixth ward
was mentioned a brtel und spicy dcoate 01*084
oetwecu Messrs. Jones and Keys who subsequently
exchanged the compliments ot the season in rather
unparliamentary terms. Mr. Jones wanted three
different inspectors elected irom those harden In,
when Mr. Hums came to the rescue, In the course
o! which tic reminded the Chairman ol the services
he had rendered the party, whether right or wrong.
Finally the Inspectors lirst mentioned were accepted,
j In rciereuce 10 tliei nspcctors of the Twenty -second
i ward Judge Connolly huu something to say. and
I called attention to the fact that some of the names
I presented were forgeries. There were two sets of
J candidates offered, and alter a little racv convcrsa
tion tuat having tuc greater number of names was
accepted. The interesting conversation betweeu
Messrs. Keys and Jones relative to tneir respective
antecedents was subsequently renewed, the former
I demanding au explanation of the Insinuations made
iigamst mm. Mr. Hurry Genet, however, moved
tliut the committee adjourn s/mp ct?>, and the pro
ceedings came Ma harinoniouscloso.
GREAT FIRE IN LITTLE ROCK.
The Lomhcn KMiimutcd ot 9100,0(10?Ids! ot
ilic I.ospi's anil the Insurance on Their
I Properly.
Little ItocK. Ark., Dec. ti9, 1871.
The loss by the hie last night m estimated at
about one hundred thousand dollar-. The loilowtug
j arc idc losses and insutaiices, as near as can be
ascertainedllcanesbrook .v Towusond, saloon,
loss $]f>,ouo, no insurance: Henrv Bur
i ger, saioon, loss $2,000, Insured lor $J,5oo
in tne Arkansas Home Company: the mate
Journal, loss ?oooo, no insurance: M. II. a D.
Mouarr, clothiers, ,<>ss $i*,ooo; insured hi the
American Ccmrul lor $:>,ooo and the Nonli British
lor <c,-.)0; Isaac Huyck, livery stable, loss ye,ooo,
I no insaraucc; S. Stevenson <v Co.. buns,
loss $6,000, no insurance: Price A Haveear,
painters, loss $s,ooo, no insurance; K. L. ixalge,
j damage to building $l,AoO, insured in the Americ an
j Central; Davis A Walker, dealers in queei ware.
who occupied Hits buil ling, were damaged to iiie
i extent of fi.ooo. tusured in the Allies Com
pauy; Chanes Swam, agent or the Flor
cnco sewing Machine company, loss small,
no Insurance; H. Sanberger. dry goods,
and Clothing; loss $10,000; insured In tlie Georgia
Home company. $1,600; Franklin. $.?.uuo; Liver
pool, Loudon and Globe, $.',0o0: Norm Missouri,
t t.oOO. D. I'. McAlroont, drugs; loss >18,000; insured
1 in the I lament, llurnix and Home comnauies
lor i^.OH). Dr. W. A. Adams, loss on building
$1,600: insured for $j,iVio in tne Arkansas Home
company; W. 8. Hut?, loss on building tioooo; par
I riatiy insured. The outer buildings were of wood,
i und not vcrv ulua de.
I The Jcuniai made its appearance, as usual, this
eveuing, though in a reduced form. Hhmi power
press, engines ami fixtures were destroyed, rue
sniad presses were saven.
A number ol parties occupied offices in various
buildings and all lost something.
MORMON LAND.
l)?slnicliT? Storms Causing (treat Distress,
Increasing the Cost in Provisions and Slop,
plug A1I Alining Operation*? Hrigliam Voting
t.< l>oricd in snlt Imke ity.
Sai.t Lake city. Dec. 29, 1871,
Tremendous storms have prevailed In the mining
districts ol the Little aud Dig lotion
wood. Whole settlements are buried in the
snow. More lives have been lost, and
there have bceu innumerable hair-bread Hi e.-capes.
The snow Is irom teu to liity ie.-t deep, atid opera
tions In most oi the mines uave oeeu suspended.
Hie wcuthtr here contiuucs a succession ol snow,
hail and rain storms.
The snow bioekude is causing much distress by
Increasing the prices ot necessities. Coal is irom
$lo lo $20 per tun.
Unghum Young is reported to have arrived in the
city yesterday, with a portion ol in- smie.
The Gchinv papers are urging a itizena' meeting
In opposition to the admission of ('tali.
The Masons' lestivni, on St. John's day, was tbe
grandest success oi the kind in I'tab.
James K. May. formerly Secretary of state In
Oregon, wan a*real eu here on Honda, on a requtst-i
tion ol the Governor or tnat state, on a chatgcof
deUlcattOQ and takcu back to Oregon tor trial.
SINK THE TRACK.
The Fourth Aveoie Property Owners iu Mass
Meeting at Terrace Garden.
Enthusiastic Aswrtion of the Right of the Peo
ple?The Poril To Be Hidden Below the
Surface?Nothing Else Will Da
Terrace darden Hall was crowded last evening by
the property owner* or Yorkville and Harlem,
called together under the auspioes of the Nine
teenth ward Kallroad Reform Association, to eon
alder the urgent need of determined action to com
pel the railroad companies which use the Fourth
avenue to sink the traoks far enough below the
level or the street not to impede travel and to arch
them over. Mr. John McCool presided. Colonel D.
R. Jacques, chairman of the Executive Committee,
offered the resolutions which follow, prefacing them
with earnest remarks, In which he scathingly ex
posed the actlop of the Common Council in passing
resolutions so different from those reported by the
oommittee which prepared them. All honor was due
to Ills Honor the Mayor for vetoing these resolutions,
as they were corruptly passed; but his recommen
dation that they be sent as a memorial to the Legla
aiure was not so commendable. Ttte hand of ine
Harlem Railroad Company was written all over
tbbse resolutions. The only true remedy for the city
was to compel the sinking of the track at uto com
pany's expense. This was the plau given tu Mr.
Prague's report to the Executive Committee, in
which he contemplated sinking the whoio of the
space occupied bv the rails in Fourth avenue, mak>
tug proper provisions for llgnt and ventilation. Mr.
Jacques then read
TIIK RESOLUTIONS.
Whereas the Harlem Railroad Company, the Central unit
Hudson Hirer Railroad Company anu the New York and
New Haven Railroad Company have made arrunueinenta lor
net manently occupying the fourth avenue for the purpose of
running their train! at loootnutlve rales of speed upon the
the level of that avenue and the Intersecting streets, and
Whereas such use of the avenue and the streets Is attended
with Incessant and imminent peril to life and llmbi
is calculated ruinously to depreciate the value of real
estate iu the vicinity, to hinder and Impede its
growth and improvement, and to render dilUeuh and
dangerous the communication between the east and west
sides of the cttv, aub the movement of merchandise as
well as the access to the Central l'ark by the dense popula
tion ol the eastern wards, and (In the language of
the ordinance of the Common Council of December 2J, 1831,
giving the gratuitous use of the Fourth avenue to Hie Harlem
Itnilroad Company for thirty years Is an obstruction to the
iinlirittpv imp "ni thp Jtvi>niifv Intnri'firiia with thn imp nf Him
ordinary use "ot the aveuue. Interferes with the use of the
cross streets," and prevents the easy and convenient "pas
sage ot such cross streets" for all the purposes
wlnoh such streets are usually put to and
whereas the Harlem Railroad Company by Its
deed, dated January i), 18-12, solemnly covenanted to so use
the privilege thus granted as not to Interfere with tne Fourth
avenue und the streets crossing the same, as thoroughfares,
and to keep and observe the condition expressed in such
Kraut, which condition was to the effect, thai if the said com
pany failed to tind a remedy for any obstruction to the ordi
nary use of such streets and avi-uues, the city authorities
may, on one mouth's "notice prooeed to retnoyc such rail
way therefore,
Resolved, That the time has come when It becomes the
duty of the city to exercise the right thus reserved to enforce
this covenant, and to ra.|ulre the companies cluhning the
gratuitous use of the Fourth avenue and Intersecting streets
to provide a remedy for the present obstruction to the legiti
mate use thereof us thoroughfares, and m ease they tail to
provide such remedy forthwith to cause their tracks to he re
moved.
Resolved, That, while we recognize the services rendered
by these companies, and the benefit they confer, we claim
that the primary use for which the street! and avenues are
held In fee hy the city, and tor whlob they have been bought
and paid for by the taxpuvers, Is as public thoroughfares;
that the free use of the same, without peril to Ufa or limb, is
paramount to all other purposes whatsoever, and that ft Is
especially incumbent upon wealthy corporations In the en
joyment of lucrative franchises to so exerelse the gratuitous
privilege they enjoy as not to injure the people whose pro
perty they oceupr without compensation.
Resolved, That a depressed roadway covered anil arrhed
over, and constructed so as not to affect or interiere with
the established grade of the avenue and Intersecting streets,
Is the only effectual remedy for the existing evtl, which will
do justice to the railroad companies and to the people alike;
securing at once the legitimate use of the streets, and re
moving the unly obstacle to the growth of the city in the di
rection towards which the movement of population kecet
sariiy lends; while lor the companies It secures tu the only
praultea.de and permanent manner unimpeded access to the
centre of the city and we approve in Its general features
the plan embodied in tbe report submitted to this meeting by
John t>. Prague, f. E.
Resolved, That we prouounce the resolutions adopted by
thfc Common Council on the leth and 18th lust., In relatlou to
the Fourth avenue und thn use of the same hy railroads, an
Insult to tne intelligence of tbe people of New York, as tbe
scheinr they em ouv would be an outrage on their rights;
aud we protest against the suggestion of Ills Honor the
Mavor, that tbe same are entitled to any consideration as a
memorial to tbe Legislature In anv way expressing tbe sense
or the w:shes ot the people of the city ol New \ork, for tbe
1 tollowing n**Hon?
I Hi-cauhf the reaolufonx were hurrle.ll; paMei, without due
1 conaidrralion; the committee which reporlen the lame, after
anuuunclug that the Importance of the mhject required the
i folleat opportunity for thh expression of the vie era ut all ulti*
i xena intereated, having allowed but one public bearing, and
then declining to hold any other meeting, under the pretnooe
that there tvaa no tline for further discuaaion.
Hecauae they rcleaae the Harlem Railroad Company from
all the conditions contained in the ordinance ot Decemner
I 22, 1H1. allowing the uieof the avenue hy the compnny,
i which, by deed of January 9, 1832, It covenanted to ob
?erre conditions requiring It revur to Interfere with the uae
of the avenue and cross atreeta anu to make the passage of
the atreeta over the railroad "easy and convenient," anil en
abling the city to eontrol the rate of apeed and to guard
agaiutl peril to life and limb.
Hecauae they allow the compnny to enclOM by fences,
ga'ea and chains the entire area between Forty-second
and Forty-ninth atreeta, Madiaon avenue, and a line ISO feet
east ol Fourth avenue.
Hecauae they allow the company to appropriate to Ita ex
clusive uae, and without compensation, the avenue and
atreeta within the apace thus euceiaed, the apace thus taken,
ami which may he "roofed over" at the pleasure of the com
pany, being equal In area to about one hundred city Iota, of
the value of not leaa than -HI,(XXI,000.
Hecauae all the traeka now Oiling this apace are to be al
lowed to remain and to be used uu the level of the street,
with no meena of paaaage eant and weal exeepl by brldgea
for vehicles at Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh atreeta, and by
toot bridges only at Forly-eniiitb ana Forty-ninth streets. i
Because said resolutions, instead or providing a covered
roadway, properly arched over and ao depressed as not to
interfere with the grade and with the use of the avenue, i
which, from ita width and central situation, is capable or
being reudered an ornament to the city, as well as a con-
vruieut thoroughfare, allow an open roadway to bo exca
vated along the avenue, at no point of depth auUicient to
avoid Interfering with the grade, requiring bridges or great
height, 6011 leet long, which, however, arc only to be placed
at intervals of 800 Icet and not at every crossing, ao that the
city will be cut in two by a ditch tifty lect wide, nnd more
than half the cross streets made useless as thorough I urea.
Because ttiey legalise the present grade of the t'ourtn ave
nue, which is several tcel higher than the grade established
by ordinance.
Because they propose to tax with one-half the expense of
Ibis scheme a city which Ims been the rich source of Income
to II.e three rallTCMMlS now usiug the Fourth uvrnue a Ity
which has generously given to one ot them for forty years the
use of the avenue is privilege which it sells to the otner two
lor $500,(11111 per annum), und which is wlllinr to give addi
tional facilities on (he sole c milium that the rnmpnay will so
use them as not to make their road a i eril to life end a detri
ment to property.
Her.i use the vil is unendurable, but Is remediable, and
must he remedied; because the plan proposed lurnlsoes no
adequate remedy; Is simple, obvious and practicable, nu'ueiy,
a roadway for l"Ur tracus entirely beusath the grade, pro
perly covered sod arched over.
Resolved, That the plan we recommend, while affording
t be ral'road companies Increased facilities lor their business,
would restore the Fourth avenue and Intersecting streets to
their usefulness as thoroughfares, and remove the only ob
stacle which prevents property in the vicinity from attaining
Us legitimate value, in view of Us central situation aud prox
imity to the Central Park.
R> solved, Tlint we deprecate the necessity of falling hack
upon that reserved right wbioli common law and common
sense guarantee to every cltlxen In oases of pnblic and pri
vate nuisances; and we therefore, appeal to our city and
Slate authorities for protection of our person ami property.
Resolved, That we believe our demands just and onr posi
tion unassailable, and therefore we shall persevere by or
ganized effort in every legitimate way until a successful
result is secured.
Kesolvrn, Thai the foregoing resolutions he transmitted to
Hie Hon. D. F\ Tlemann, flop. W. A. Whltbeck aud Hon S.
H. Mouiton, with the request that they be laid before ihe
I the
Senate and Assembly at their next session and we look to
them for the exertion of their best efforts to secure sorh
lejisiaiion as will urntcct the i ights of the city of New York
and the persons and property o; It* citizens.
JOHN MrlOOL. President.
(1. W. OT.AZlt. Vice President.
I.xecullvo Committee.- 1). K. Jsqiies, Chairman Charles
F. Mtnnion*. Secretary; Terence Farley, Alfred Conger,
Joseph McCormnck, Robert McCafferty. Jacob Cohen,
Kingman F. I'age, John Davidson, K. W Martin, Chsrles
Nichols
Cornish, Nicholas Pence, Michsel Tnomey, Terence P.
Smith, P. Ackermsn. H. RmcheP. W. H. (Jttincy. I. N. Hud
son, John formack, Henry drosaaieyer, uarret 1, bchuylrr,
John G. Prague.
Mr. M. M. Vail moved Hie adoption of the resolu
tions. and the? were umtinuiouxiv adopted. Major
(juiucy ihen addressed the meeting, aud was fol
lowed by Mr. sternes, who made a motion to the
eiTeci that the Kxecutlvo committee should prepare
a petition io be submitted to the f,egi?lature, signed
by all the property owners on Fourth avenue and to
be presented at this session. This was carried with
1 tremendous applause. Colonel Jacques moved that
a comraitfce of five ne appointed by the President to
confer with the committees of the other organiza
tions on the subject of the Fourth avenue grievance.
The motion wan unanimously earned.
Mr. Wiirri.ku H. Pkckiiam delivered a long
spceoh. in which he recounted an Interview had
with the offloen of the riariem company. The ven
erable Commodore underbill said that lie did not
oppose the movement in anv sen?e. He was ready
to adopt anv plan in proposing which all the ciu
genrt nulled and stated to him as practicable by
competent engineers, lie could not treat in regard
to in matter with s>par.i o individuals oror.Tnnuu
Hons, it remained tor the citizens to cont ort their
efforts, if the uouipaotes would not Ihiten to thcin
tliov would dictate tne terms.
Air. Jacob coucn was the last speaker, and the
meeting then adjourned. Tiironghout it was most
oiutHiMi.i8tic ami demount raUve.
VIEWS 0? THE PAST.
Iikckmkrr :to.
1-61-The hanks or this city. Philadelphia, Albany
auu Huston. suspended specie payments.
18t?o?President Ihichnuuu informed the Ftouth Ctuo
linrau Commissioners thai Fort >utnter would
not be evacualed but would be denuded
"against hostile attacks Irom whatever quar
ter tbey might eoiuc.
1867?canton, hina. taken by tho Hrimti and
French force
A.ETTS IN DETROIT.
Pullic Rcerpfion by (be Mo*
nicipolity.
At thiClty Hall -Receiving Mineral Hi
of Michigan?A Lofty View of the City?
incident to Hie Commiasary Manager.
Detroit. Mich., Dec. 1871.
The Mlchiganders bare to-day added uotbtf
chaptr to the cordial reception* which the Orwrt
Dukeilexis haa received since hi* arrival to UUi
couny. They awarded him a meat hearty wet*
comeand one which the g uea't cannot fall to re if
her vth gratitude and pleasure. The officiate of
the cy and State united in tendering hoepitalilr.
and to people were alao out In large number* le
add i the tnoroughneaa and splendor of the oeoft
atoo.
ATITB1.IC RECEPTION BY THE MCNICIPALITY.
Kay in the morning crowds began to assetnMh
In an around the Russell Douse, and they waited
wuhpreat patience until the tmpernu visitor ves
ture' from his apartments. Vain attempts wets
mad by many to gain aocess to his rooms daring
the lornlng, nut the guard of police were equal
the mergeucy, except In the case of a long-haired
edltr of a country weexly, who actually forced
bimtirin, and was subsequently very expeditiously
forcl out.
Tb Duke left the hotel at half-past eleven o'clock
andrben he emerged from the entrance there wis
a grnd chorus of cheers from the swatting multt
tudi The weather was most charming, the at?
raosliere was mild and bracing, and everything
seeied to combine to add brilliancy and spirit to
theiccusiou. The guests took carriages and drovo
inuediatuly to the Utty hail, where they were ooo
duted to the Mayor's rooms.
PRIlBNTINU TUB DUKE SOMK CASTING MEMENTO ESI
Die there were a few tutormal introductions,
amamong the gentlemen presumed was Mr. Ueorgw
F. iagley, who tendered to the Duke a few
speimens of the mineral deposits of me upper
poilou or Michigan. They wcro contained In a
DeatlfiU silk lined case, and consisted of copper in
thegreen stone, coppur and silver, attached u>
can other with a specimen of mass copper, a inalar
ctus, with pure copper attached, and a crystal
ovdaying silver attached to quurtz. The puke
wa much pleased with the girt, and made numo
ron inquiries concerning the operation of mining
Hbsequentlr a public reception was held hi the
Clt Hall, and the citizen* had ample opportunity
of ueiug and paying tnelr respects to the Dukc.
BKIOLDINU DETROIT AN1) TUK GLORIES TIIKItBOg.
Ater the reception the party ascended to tho
toner or the building and took au optical view ot
theory and itsuurrouuiiiugs.
At a later hour the party were shown in carriage#
arund town, and a brief stop was made at the rcsl
deico or Governor Baldwin, where a generous colr
latjii was served.
Ins evening the Ducal party spent two or threw
plcwsatit hours at the Opera House Mritnesslng
Lltzard lu his "Captain jinks'' and other eceen
truues.
ACCIDENT TO FREDERICK KICK.
Olonel Frederick Rice, who has charge or the coi?
musary department of the special ducal train, met
wlh quite a serious accident, just before leaving
Chvelaud. He was walking through the Lake .snore
deiot after the lights had been extinguished, and
supped through an aperture which had carelessly
ben left open, aud fell some forty feet into the lako
be'jw. The ire was sufficiently strong to hold him.
however, and he was soon rescued, but in a battered
anl bruised condiilon.
ro-inorrow the party will proceed to Chicago.
EUROPEAN MARK. ET8.
joNtxiN Monky Market.?Lowhon, Dec. J#4 P. H.,
Ctnsols closed at 92t, for both money and the account.
I.'i lied mates Uve-twenty bonila, lHfii's. tt'i 186ft a, old, 94,?fc
IHtTa, Mia ten-forties, 81V
Pauih BouRsr.?Paiub, Dec 29- -P. M. ?Rentes closed at
561. ?6c.
Lomvon PRnptjtut Makkrt.?Loniion, Dec. 29? Eras
ing Calcutta linseed, 82a ltd. a fids. Linseed oil, 4TJ& Tur
peutine. 49s. 80. a (Ms.
LlVKEPOOI. PBOVISIOISS M A RKKT. LIVERPOOL, DeOk
!9- Evening. -Bacon, 88s. Bd. for short lib middles.
Liverpool Cotton Markrt.?Livkbpooi^ Dec. 29?6
I. M.? Cotton closed qnlet; middling uplands, 9'gd. 6 KM.;
ill idling llileans, lujad The sales of the day have beets
It,Uftl bales, including 2,01)8 for esporl and speculation. The
sees of the week hare been 63,1*81 bales, of which 9,000 were
taken for export and 5.8UO un speculation. The least
stock in purl?Actual, &67,00U hales; estimated, 482,000 bales,
of which actual American, 1611,000; estimated, 110,000; re
ceipts of the wees, 911,000, Including 07,000 American; actual
eaoort, 10,000 bales. Sales of cotton at sea, nearly due froaa
Bar innab or Charleston, hare been made at 41 I.'HRd. (or
1 middling. The stuek of cotton at sea bound to this port us
4UUM0 bales, of which 187,000 are American.
Taaivr in Manchester. Liverpool, Deo. 29. ?Tha
maitet for yarns and fabrics st Manchester is steady.
Liverpool breadatotps Marekt.?Liverpool, Dee.
29- f P. M.? Red spring wheat. Us. a lit 4d per cental. Tha
reeepts of wheat for the past week have been 35,000 quar
ters. Including 22,5u0 American. Oalllorula white wheats
12a 'tl. per csntal. t.'orn, 31s. (d. per quarter.
Li'?mrooi. Pkovihionr Market Liverpool, Dee.
29?51'. M. Kacou. 34a per ewt. for Cumberland out.
PK rtoi.ru* Market.?Antwerp, Dec. 29. Petroleum.
481. isr Hue pale American.
A.?There Tina Beets n Very Derided Rna
on KNOX'H FUKS during the last week bv persons destrove
of giving suitable holiday presents to their friends, and
KNOX has foil nil rt uidlcult to supply the demand lor CAPtt,
ULOVl'3 and CULLAK3 jsblch sprang up on the approach
of Chrlsimaa. The demand continues, and KNOX is still
embarrassed In his efforts to meet It, although he feels conll
dent, with Uls large stock of FU Kb, to be able tq furnish ma
terials for both Christinas and New Year's gifts, and then ha
prepared for the run which will Inevitably be made on hla
popular assortment of 8PK1NO HATH.
A.-Kspensrhrld's Holiday Hut for ISTlv*
The most fascinating and elegant drees Chapesuthsl has been
p'.u i'd on an American head, or earned in the hand of a ieo
llemuu into an American drawing room on tha 1st of Janu
ary. Maiiulacturi-d of the buesi materials, shape symmet
rical, and Amabe l with the utmost taste. ERPENSCHIKD.
mauofacturer oi gents Hats, 118 Nassau street.
A.?Herring'* l*nlen?
CHAMPION SAFES,
251 Broadway, corner Murray street.
All Hereon* in Wtll wl klrssnl Hollils) Hut*.
si popular prices, should go direct to VAIL, manufacturer.
145 Fmtoii street.
Aimell's Tiirltiah Itnihs?Lexlnginn nvenncy
corner of Twenty-fifth street, .llentlemeti ereiy day and au
night. Ladies day and evenings. Best ventilation bl'heat
temperature. no gratuities. Advantages one pished. Europe
outdone.
4.?'Irvoe's llitfh 4111, Prepared
expr'salv for family use; pure, white, odorless, an unsar
passed iUiiininator, and warranted uun-exn.osive. This oil
is guaranteed equal to any that is made. for sale In levied
cans ail I In barrels, al favorable raies. The IlKVOK MAJtff
KAt Ti KINti CO., 117 Fulton street. New York.
A.?To Avoid Smallpox noil Other Conla*
gions use the celebrated iMsinir-ctiint, PIIKNOL sODtgUK.
For sale by 8. J. DICKINSON A CO., 71 Maiden sue, aud
by druggists genet ally.
A.?( hnriieter of (lie Blood loiprored by
using HAZARD A CAK1VELL'S COD LIVF.R OIL.
I 4.-H?yal flnviino l.olierv.?J. II. MnrllMA
A CO.. Bankers, 10 Wail st.; bos 4,685 New York Post oflou
nnrgitina In Fine (fold Jewelry.
WHOLESALE PRICES.
FINK OIILD KAHRlNDS AND PINS.
ETRUSCAN CAMEO, OARNKT, At:
CUKai. EAKKINUH AND I'INS.
ONYX AND JET EA Kit 1N US AND PINS.
UOLD BAND AND CHAIN BRACELETS
HOLD LOCKETS ANII NECKLACES.
SEAL KIN US, AMETHYST. CAMEO. TOPAZ, Att
SLKI.VE BI'TTONII AND STUDS.
HANDKERCHIEF KINDS, t.l.OVE FasTKNKKM.
DIAMOND KINDS AND STUDS.
CHILDREN'S HOLD AMULETS.
CHILDREN'S UOLD KINU8 AND KAMRINtM.
UOLD WATCII CHAINS.
UOLD TIIIMBLKS.
SEE PRICES BEFORE MUYINU.
watches and jewelry repaired.
DEO. C. ALLEN,841 Broadway, near Fourteenth i
Bargain* In tllver.W'are.
WHOLESALE prices.
DEO. C. ALLEN, Ml Broadway, near Fourteenth
Crlathrioro'n Mnlr Dye list no Kqinl In tlw
world; It it the sal-vt an I m wt'suable of any Sol I every
where.
David's Holiday lint, for ItritlenMiwa
Salesroom 299)6 Broadway, near Dunne *n el.
Diamond* Boiinht and ssld.-Ctrs. C. A Horn,
841 Broadway, near Fourteenth alre't.
Ilolidny Presents of A Den Ion nnd (hnrl'T.?.
Man's la-it gift to woman was the sewing machine. A I tel.
ter boil.lay present to a wile or e sister, or one nearer aedt
dearer atl'l, than a WHEELER A WILSON SKWINO MA
CHIN K cannot be devised. Iheir reputation it too well em
(ahllahcd to need comment, ami the prices are invariably to
suit the times. Tua splcidlJ depot ;g 626 Broadway.?New
York Dalit Timet.
Hull's Veceluhl? Sit-ilmn llnlr Hen ewer
never fatla to restore the color of the hair Try it.
If en I Nrnl skin f nw?. 83| Deep He. IhtnnU
le! Moves. mis. real AJaskb Sels, 824:. Hoe Seal Skin Selm
t,J>. vYLbi.FR. Italivr and lurr;?r, sixth avenue vol
Thirty h-is*. street.
Strinwev A sen'
UKAND Syl are and UNtlOIIT PUIIIH.
0 Pun rt iak. n in exchange. lU.ietratnd islaiogueeatt
Itreon appneat"*'
War. iooiusstoleway Hall, and 111 East pjupeewth
so cel. Nov vork.
.Win.* nml liiqunrt Urtnilert nt YVhalvtalt
1 rices dunn:( New V ear's oelv.at STKlNPKLD'b, III. Naaaar
street, hrtwueu Ass aai Reekmae.
Willi<tins' 1 clehrnted Newt Y ear f nr'la? at
lh? Nicholas Hotel.
H nrnn -k tl llutum* .ltd Hcxtndwnjr.
Lents' silk Hats, sewn do.far*.
Uenta' sail Caps, Moves o>,<v U*\utuie'.a
Watt*' Nrrvou* 1 gliilutr vtrc* ''bteaia(l?w<
Nsiiralgt*. Pfn and Degnurv, elerirrrtrn and strengthens tha
eutltc nervous src.cm Cures guaroJitugd