LB

FOREIGN: MISCELLANY.
THE ILLNESS OF THE PRINCE OF WALES.
OF THE LONDON JOURNALS.
ruBLic FEELING IN ENGLAND ON THE SUBJECT—
HOW THE OCCARION IS IMPROVED BY SOME
JPROM THE REGULAR CORRESPONDRNT or THR TRIBUKR.|
Loxpoy, Tuesday, Dec. 12.—T®is pow nearly
four days since that andden change for the
worse occurred In the condition of the Prince
of Wales which led everybody to believe
that his death was inevitable and imminent.
During all this time there has been hardly one official
bulletin bearing any real encourngement on its face.
During most of it the public Las fully expected that the
next announcement would be the last. Yesterday after
noon every one gave him up, even the newspapers which
had preserved a cortain caution, declaring that they no
longer hoped. This morning the current sets the other
way, aud people begin to tink be may live, if only be
cause he has already so long outlived their
forebodigs. Yet the bulletin, dated at half
past 1 this MOrRIDK, states, with an emphasis
quite unusual, that the Prince is passing A Vey
restless night, without signa of improvement. Whether
the details of the Prince's illness possess much Interest
for you in America 1 cannot tell. We do not get, as se
generally get on ocoasions of great futernational excite
went, any telegraphic echo from your side of the water.
Rut iu any case, neither you nor any other nation can
help being struck by the singular state of feeling which
Prevails along a very considerable portion of thus En
glish people. To most Americans, it wust be a surprising
tact. To none is it very easily explicable, yet there are
plenty of reasous lying plain on the surface, and plenty
of motives why some classes of Englishmen should ex
press at least as wuch emotion us they actually feel.
Therdis a good deal of genuine emotion; some display
of it also probably not altogether genuine, and beth are
worth understanding.
loyalty the truc and not the sham kind—goes for
something. It does exist, and where it exists it is strong
and demonstrative. If we can manage to give a per
sonal color to our American sentiment of loyalty to the
flag, we shall get some notion of the kind of respectful
and devoted attachment which many Englishmen still
cherish toward the Queen, and toward the Prince as her
sucesssor and their future King. There is neither syco
phancy nor intellectual degradation iu such a feeling.
It may be very noble. It may coexist with the highest
degree of personal independence and mental energy. I
shall not easily forget what Count Bismargk said to me
In 186, on this point. You, as an Awerican and Re
publican,” he remarked, can hardly understand the
sentient have toward the King. My aucestors bave
been tsithful servants to his for three hundred
years. 1 respect that recor and I share their feeling.”
Thi< he said with evident siucerity. In another minute
he Was explaining how be had led the Kine along
Jia own path for years, aud how at last he had
made dow, half Blindly and unwillingly, accomplish the
plans of his Minister. Well, Monarchy is older in
England than in Prussia, and thére are plenty of able
men bere, us skeptical, as self-reliant, a8 full of the mod
ern spirit, as Bismarck himself, and as loyal. Their iu
fluence on the tone of opining is great, and to the extent
of their fluence and within their circle, at least, this
altnost passionate manifestation is sincere, Bociety, too,
ix loyal in its way. The aristocracy have lost few of the
traditions of their past history. Most of what are called
the upper classes still cling to their kingly form of gov
ernment. The middle classes—the great majority of
them are on the sawe side, If they have less romance
about it, they have an interest quite as strong. They are
for things us they are. The shopkeepers are monarchists
to a man. Their trade, a great part of it, depends on
court splendors and on that general prosperity which
attends au undisturbed political condition.
Having got so far, I think we must stop, orat any rate,
We ust pass over that great body of skilled workine
men to whom England owes in great measure her pros
perity aud commercial preéminence. Beyond, that is be
low, them, we should find loyalty enough, I dare say, in
the mass of untaught laborers, agricultural and other—
should find it if it were worth searching for. But it is
of little real weight, and makes no sign, even in such a
moment as this, capable of reaching or influencing any
body avout them. Meu who don't read, and who only
vole as they are told, can hardly me counted as an active
force. With the skilled workingmen it is very different.
Eecent events have shown, much to the surprise of the
beat informed politicians, Low large a proportion of then
are totally devoid of loyalty to the Throne, and quite
ready to exchange it at the earliest moment for a Re
public. If this body of men is not to-day very busy in
purty politics, it is because they are only slowly becoming
acquainted with the most effective methods of political
action. But in the near future, they will be more pow
crful than any other one class. They are more numer
ons than the middle class; they are far more cour
ageous; they bave much less to lose and far more
to gain; and they are perhaps the only set of
Enghslinen who have emancipated their minds from
that terror of mere change which is the strongest sup
port of monarchy and of every other existing institution
in Kugland. They were our only friends during our
war, and they are the advance guard of that Democracy
which Carlyle said would rush on at railroad speed un
lesa our Republic were broken up. They are not loyal in
any such sense of the word as are those other classes of
whom I bave spoken above, They are scarcely loyal mm
Any sense, except that they bide their time. I don’t be
Neve they care particularly whether the Prince of
Wales, a un individual, lives or des. They are not car
ried away by the force of public opinfon and the general
acutiment of those above them. They are little affected
by the extraordinary demonstrations of the newspapers.
I'iey discuss the question of the life or death of this
young man with ttle or no animosity against him, but
with no atlection for him. To them it is a questiou of
polities. They are interested, and greatly interested, in
the event, but the motive of their interest is to be sought
wi the influence which his life or death will have on their
own social and political state, polities in general, and,
above all, on the duration of this form of government.
I do notexpect anybody who takes his opinions from the
Tondon newspapers to accept this view of mine. They
Lave potbing in common. But the London papers, with all
their wonderful ability and the general honesty, are not
trustworthy guides on such a question as this. Their 1n
spiratious are drawn from sources comparatively shallow,
that i= trom awong the upper classes. They don't sink
tueir shafts deep enough; they don't get at the feeling
of the people—the great body of intelligent artisans.
They wonld probably not care to express it if tuey did.
They must go with the surface stream. But with what
ia called the provincial press, the journals published out
of London, the case is different. In those which I see,
the demonstrations are much more moderate thau, those
of the metropolitan press.
It must be added that some of the London papers are
guilty of improving the occasion to a very extraordinary
degree. They regard the Prince's {liness as an incident
most opportune. I am far from saying they rejoice in
it, or from acubting that their regrets for his suffering
are sincere. But they look upon this event as a means
of checking that sudden and alarming developinent of
Republicanism which they trace to Sir Charles Dilke's
Newcastle speech (as if his speech created it, of could
have done much except to draw attention to the Repub
Yicanism which existed before). They make the most of
it. I think their descriptions of the popular feeling are
somewhat highly colored: and it fs plain to anybody
who looks at their pages with a journalist's eye that‘they
omit vothing which cau tend Ww exaggerate the io.
pression of the public state of mind, and nothing which
could incremse tho feeling that does exist. They ex
ploit the Prince's iilness. The Times’ issues of Saturday
and On both days they de
RELIGIOUS SERVICES IN THEL ENGLISH CHURCHES
UPON THE OCCASION OF THN, PRINCE'S ILLNESS,
A meeting of the British Privy Conncil was
Leld ou the 9th fust., at Whiteball, whep the Archbishop
of Canterbury wes directed to draw up a special form of
yrayer to be used tn all tA: chyrehies onthe ensuing doy.
due prayer was as follows:
“0 Alwlghty God und Merciful Father, to wiom uloy
post 1s closing, G. Ww, 8,
balone the {seuss of life and death, look down from
Heaven, we humbly pesseth Those ih she hi 3 Veret
upon Albert Edward, nce of wales,
bod ot J ib Thou Father of mercies and God
of all comfort, our only help in time of need, we oy
unto Thee for anccor in behalf of Thy servant.
Grant, 0 Lord,! that all the sina of bis life past
may be done away, and his soul washed in the precious
blood of Christ, that it may be pure and without spot be
fore Thee. If it shall be Thy ure, Jrolone, we beo
scoch Thee, his days hore on earth, and grant that he
may live to Thee, and bo an instrument of Thy glory,
ny a bloasing to our Churoh aud nation. Prepare
him, O moat lovink Father, by Thy Holy, 8pirit
for all that lies before him in life or in death,
through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Almighty
and Everlasting God, who guidest the hearts
of kings, and who hast blessed and sanctified tho bouds
of love to knit together the members of all Christian fam
1lfes, look down, we beseech Thee, on Thy servant Vie
toria, our Queen, and the Princess of Waloa, in this day of
their great trouble, and on all the Royal family. Com
fort and support them in their present trial, and grant
that their hearts may be stayed only upon Thee, through
Josus Christ our Lord. Amen."
a ee
In many of the churches the prayer arrived too late to
be used, but the clergy employed a tform of prayers of
their own for the Prince. Throughout the Kingdow in
every church and chapel some prayer was ofiored for
him, Dean Stanley, preaching at Westminster Abbey on
Sunday afternoon, Dec. 10, said:
“On a day like this whon there is ono trouble in every
bosom and one question on every lip, it is impossible to
stand in this ig and not give expression to that which
every heart has felt. The whole loolrag of the nation
waa gathered into one focus, the eyes of all the poople
were turned toward one sick chamber, which was anx
fously watched by ove family, and whence every one waa
anxious to know the truth of their fears and hopes. This
feeling of sympathy passed through and through all
differences of rank and station, and it was felt that this
one family represented the whole people. In the fierce
battle between life and death, for the issues of which all
were looking with eager expectation, might bé seen the
semblance of what will befall every soul among us, of a
blow which will strike all alike.” For text the words
bf St. Paul were taken: “To live is Christ, to die is
gain; and the preacher, having dilated on the lessens
conveyed by this sentence, went on to Bay that if there
were an individual life to which much that ho bad
niready sald was applicable, and if there were a life dear
to the fove of friends, dear w a most worthy family
among whom the ties of affection were indeed mac
more than a name—a life which waa of vast importanoe
in its inspirations of futurity, or which had before ita
long futhre of usefulneas—It was that life m which all hia
hearers were so deeply interested, and with pespock to
which all were now watching so anziouly and desiring
20 strony 18 ligt the dark vail of the future. The do
sires of all were strong for the sake of those most near
and dear to the person who lay on a bed of sickness. ‘All
should pray, then, that if it be God's will that sufferer
might be now preserved, aud not only for the sake of
those who were dear to him, but also in that his was a
lite which might influence ina [ave degree the whole
Christian life of which mention had been made. It was,
then, what in the future and far distance portended au
amount of good such as no other individual in the
community gave promise of. The dean called upon the
congregation to Jom again with one heart and soul to
raise that life up, aud to grant that it should continue to
live worthily; but if it were the will of God that it shoanld
cease, 30 grit that all sins should be purged away. He
concluded by saying that this life was one which was
very precious for those who feared and watched its
fluctuations from hour to hour round the bed of sick
ness, It was further inestimably Jreciols to some. He
prayed that it might be prolonged; but if, on the con
trary, it pleased God it should be otherwise, he prayed
Him to grant life a glorious resurrection.
At St. Paul's Cathedral, Canon Leddow, preaching
from the words, The realities of the last judgment,”
concluded bis discourse as follows:
“This aspect of the judgment will bo more readily en
tered into hy us in these solemn hours, when the whole
heart of the nation watches with breathless sus
pense uy the bedside of one in whom {it had
seen itsl future sovereign. Soon or later sickness
and death know no favorites. In presence of
the last realities, we are all of us, alike the highest and
the lowest, on an absolute level. Let us, while we lift
up our hearte earnestly to God for the down-stricken
Prince, who but yesterday was enjoying all that this
world could give, and in whose future wo had so high a
stake—let us, while we pray for his augmt mother, our
beloved Queen, for his wife aud children, let us not
forget to note the lesson that all that does not lead to
God or come from God, that all that belongs merely to
the thinge of sense and time, that all that canvot, as
grace aud faith, and hope and love, be truly incorporated
with the very life of the soul, and og he carried beyond
the grave, be truly ineorporated with the very life of the
soul to which the death of the body is but, as it were, a
surface incident in the history of its existence, is nothing,
literally nothing, if it be not worse than nothing."
Monsignor Capel, a celebrated Roman Catholic priest,
who also alluded to the illness of the Prince, urged his
hearers to ask Him, who can do it if He will—to remove
the sickness and suffering from him who lay prostrated.
“Charity compels us,” he sald, as good children of the
Church to do this and more, it is our duty as subjects
of the nation to do so. let us, therefore, ask the Al
mighty Dispenser of Mercy to spare the life of him who
is to be the future King of this mighty empire. There
tore, with this Shjeet, hragers will be offered at the con
clusion of High Mass, and sie Pople present are asked
to send up their prayers to God that He may spare the
pation much sufforing—much sorrow."
FRENCH POLITICS.
MORE ABOUT THE MESSAGE OF PRESIDENT
THIERS—HIS SINS OF OMISSION—FAVRE'S HIs
TORY OF THE GOVERNMENT OF NATIONAL
DEFENSE.
|FROM A REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNK.|
Paris, Dee. 11.—The gilence of M. Thiers
concerning the gravest questions that occupy public at
tention, is a matter of surprise and of pretty general comn
plaint. All the Liberal papers, including Le Soir, which
passes in some sort for his semi-official organ, and Le
Temps, which gnstains his Government, more or less en
ergetically blame a deference to the initiative right of
the sovereign assembly, which they regard as cxces
sive. They regret his renunciation of the right of, at
least, recommendation, whioh they maintain is proper to
his Presidential office, and to the exerclse of which,
respecting questions of higheat importance, his personal
authority would give at the present moment a controling
ue. Ar you are already aware, the amnesty, the re
turn of the assembly to Paris—two subjects on which
M. Thiers has unofficially expressed decided opinions—
primary instruction, the anomalous position of the
Orleans Princes are not alluded to, and constitu
tynal themes are barely alluded to in the message. This
careful avoidauce has been attributed to an over-cunniug
plan of tactics for keeping well with all parties by offend
ing none, the result, as just penalty, being that he has
contented none. The simpler explanation, if French
folks would sce themselves as others see them, should
rather be looked for in the censuring parties and M.
Thiers’s anomalous position. There are five such parties
in the Chamber, without counting the Extreme Right
and Left factions. Noone of them is a majority, and ou no
one of them can he permaneutly count for support—
though on the Center, with some auxiliaries from Mod
erate Right and Left Centers, he can generally depeud.
He is not like an English Prime Minister, nor an Ameri
can President, nor the great German Chancellor. Mr.
Gladstone possesses for the time being the votes of the
party he belongs to; Mr. Grant has a fixed tenure of
office Prince von Biamarck is his master's maater.
It is probable that Thiers stands as well with the
country as ever—perhaps better. But the crush and
pressure that secured bis election in thirty departments
last year, and that sustained him ast May, are past.
The bourgeois is forgetful. Nor can be make direct appeal
to the country. The country certainly indicated him for
the place at the helm, but his continuance there depends
vpon the vote of the quarrelsome, undisciplined crew
by which it is finperfectly represented. He can steer his
way safely only by keeping constant, sharp watch, He can
often hold his course only by taking a nearly opposite
tack, and hold his place in the last resort only by threat
ening to throw it up. Even while delivering his message
last Thursday, he was driven by stress of stormy disappro
bation that interrupted his reading. The state of parties
and his relation to them, to judge from anything that yet
reveals itself, are lamentably like in essentials what they
were before the vacation. The worn out phrase once
wittjly applied to the restored Bourbons, fits like a
‘aad-colored garment, returned members of all shades,
from Right and Left. After eleven, weeks separation
they do not appear to have forgotten or learned any
thing. There is the same excess of personal vanity,
passion, ambition, intrigue, taking the place and names
of principles, conviction, and patriotisn, the same sub
stitution of logique aud sense of verbal form, for that
politic and comwon sense, which teaches that the best
reasoned is uot always the wost reasonable conclusion,
liberately suppressed all thelr leading articles ou other
topics, published two on the Prince with a head-lige,
and gave up the other editorial colwnns to the bulletins
aud reports from Baudringham. There was no
To blawe the President, under these circumstances, for
not projecting his personal opinfous, is, on the part of
such pressure ou their space as to require this. It was
most of bis censors, an ingenious or ingenuvus method
of rejecting blame that should fall on themselves. To
interpret his reticence ss a mere trick of over-reflued
cunning, instead of a policy imposed bi simplest pru
dence, 18 an aspersion on the practiced old parliamenta
riau's intelligence—let alone the man's morality —the in
Justice of which is sufficiently demonstrated, one would
think, by the printed report of Thursday's session, as
well as sessions that have followed. Take an instance or
two. Republicans of the press cry aloud because the
message says nothing of liberty, because from
end ‘to end of that two hours’ discourse,
the word Republic was not once uttered by
the President of the Republic. Suppose it had heen ut
tered by him in a friendly way 1 The stormy eftect may be
guessed from the breeze which was aroused by his faint
and guarded eulogy of the actual prefectoral corps; not
that what he said to their credit as administrators 1a not
true, bat fecause a portion of them are the nominees of
Gambetta. A word favorable to monarchy would have.
excited a storm of disapprobation from the Left; if ap
parently favorable t0Oeanism a tempest would buve
been rafsed by the Legitimists, Ina private note to his
newly-elected fellow wegdemiclan, Jules Janin, published
evidently done with a purpose. Everything was to bhe'
Eubordinated and put aside In order to guhance the
Jumportance of the great event. The tone of their articles
showed the same thing. The cool, able, critical, clear
headed men, who write The Times leaders, are, perhaps,
the last men in England to be carried away by hu effysiou
of sentiment. If you read their articles—and they are
worth readiog—you would imagine they had been written
under an overpowering emotion, almost in tears. It
not ible to believe thas expressions ro strained nH
swollen are completely sincere, any more than to believe
iu the distress of a heroine on the stage. The Telegraph
aevotes more than ten columms, on Monday, to the
Privce's illness, All the real uews abent him [ics in the
ten or twelve lines of the medical bulletins. Even The
Fall Mall Gazette gets a little hysterical, and writes as if
it had borrowed a goutributor frow The Telegraph tor the
occasion, “We sul) cling to hope?” sobs, The pull Mall
Gazette, tll] some unhappy INeMen YL brings in the
coarse and fimey telegraph-sheet which announces that
Yie 18 no more "—a sentence which Sala himself 1g)
have penned. There is wuch wore 0 be sald, hut tye
eX day, a8 its whiter neant it should be, M.
Tilers some wecks ago revealed the open secret
of his opinions at poYitic reraons of state and

ITTIITIT ATR ITPN em 1 eu TE eZ Ik Re hagt Shi A
i

NEW-YORR DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1871
OONRIAATATIONS OUKTIL, A8 LID NOUPO WRU) WULIIE fee
the Assembly to come Into Parla. In his speech, ad
dressed over the shoulders of the Chinese Embassador to
the nation and ita theoretical representatives in the Ae
sembly, he has distinctly presented his views of the
politic nocessity and humane policy of some large meas
ure of amnesty. These two feelers, though meeting with
sympathy, especially the first, from the Parisian publio,
were bittorly opposed by the provincials and reaction
aries of the Assembly. M. Thiers found by
this tentatory experiment that experiment of
hin purpose worked counter to his purpose.
Ho could not, in conscientious conviction, refrain from
setting forward, though in subdued moderation of phrase
and form, his long studied personal opinions respecting
customs tarifts. His remarks here were allowed to pass
without interruption, though it is notorious that his po
litico-economical views and those of his Minister of Fi
nance, Pouyer-Quertier, are not in harmony with the
sentiments of the majority of tho House made up of all
parties.
Now we come to an anomaly—a seeming anomaly, at
least. Thiers, who will not go 80 far a8 to have the air
of presuming to bring his official and personal authority
to bear on the deliberations of the Assembly respocting
any constitutional act or deep-reaching political measure,
doea present and press bis plau of Military reorgani
zation of France in conscious hostility to public opinion,
"to tho known opluion of the majority of all parties in the
Assembly, and to certain of the provisions of the bill
which its Committee had drawn up-—cvery feature of it
kmown to M. Thiers. With all his politic reticence, M.
Thiers 18 essentially French. His fdeas of forty years ago
he has been brooding over ever since. He is perfectly
sure that they are sound, and that the salvation of
France lies in their being adopted. te is not incapable
of learning, but he has a strange faculty of not for
getting.
Of many notable phenomena of the week let me take
note of this annognced new volume of Jules Favre. Un
deterred by the roception lis recent volume met with,
driven on by some inner wheel of vanity or love of truth,
the brilliant writer, the sympathetic man, the most fll
advised of politicians, has made the merely gossiping, cu
rious world of letters his debtor. The stout forthcoming
octavo from this entertaining academielan’s pon is en
titled “Government of National Defense from 30th June
to -318t October, 1870." The book is certainly the best
worth reading of any that has appeared from the French
press in these last six months. Advanced proof-sheets
have been furnished by editor Plom to the press. Judg
ing from these the volume is one of the best pieces of
autoblograply that cynical aud sympathetic students
of human nature have ever been blessed with,
The book is interesting on tho mere historical #ide, a
contributive document to the strange history of the last
fow months. The proper title of the book would be,
“Autobiographical Studies of Jules Favre's Life under
Historical Circumstances.” Epace remains to me but for
ono brief extract, Favre's portrait of Bismarck: “Al
though verging on his 58th year,” said Favre, “Connt
Bismarck appeared to he in the fullness of his vigor. His
high stature, his grand head, his strongly-marked fuce,
gave him An aspect imposing and Revere, toni:
pered, however, by a natural freedom of man
ner that bordered on comwon-place simplicity
His address was courteous and  digoitied, ab
golutely free of affectation and’ gtiffuess. When
the conversation was once hegun, hie assumed a friendly,
social manner which he never departed from. He must
have regarded me as a negotiator quite beneath him.
He had the politeness to suppress any indication of such
conviction, and seemed interested hy wy  gincerity.
For my own part, was constantly impressed by the
clearness of his ideas, the forea of his common sense, and
his wdependent turn of thought. What was notable
was his freedom Brom false pretenses. I judged
him to be an unexampled political man of business
taking into account only what is, his attention devoted
only to positive and practical solutions, indifferent to
everything that did not lead straight to a useful issue
The great power he exercised had provoked in him
neither arrogance nor illusions but he held to it, and
made no secret of his efforts to retain it.” Ww. HILL
CO-OPERATION IN ENGLAND.
DISCUSSION ON THE CONDITION OF THE MOV
MENT.
The adjourned discussion on Mr. Thomas
Hughes's paper on The present. condition of the Co
operative Movement,” was renewed at the rooms of the
social Beience Assoctation, London, on the 11th inst. the
chair being taken by Mr, Hughes.
Mr. Edward Owen Greening opened the discussion, and
raid that cooperation had only just put its foot into Lon
don. He ddbbaied that all London cooperative societirs
did not contain more than 50,000 members at the moat, in
a population or 3,500,000, and yet the tradesmen of Lon
don were forming an association among themselves to
crush out the society by every possible means. He
wished he could see some way to have progress without
having victims to progress. Bde was Boconsary, but
victjpus were not necessary. There were two m by
which the interesta of traders might be Presars nafs,
the Government should compensate individuals incon
vemenced. He did not know, however, that that would
ever he done in England for any class that was not polit
wally powerful. The only other mode was some social
arrangemont, by which the new movement could absorb
the old traders, and employ then as managers of the
new stores. If one atore superseded 99 shops, the triles
wen must turn producers, 44 new wuarkets for produc
tions would be created.
Mr. Thos. Webster, F. R thought they econld enter
tain no doubt as to the succes of (he Cooperative move
went, but it appeared to him that the portant thing
for their consideration was to draw a distinction between
cooperative stores and industrial societies, because it
was the latter they must look to for the solution of the
difficulty of combining capital with labor. No doubt 1u
dustrial societies were cooperative, but there wus a clear
distinction between whut were called cooperative stores
and industrial societies.
Mr. Dickinson wanted to know whether the capitalists
who, in commencing business, had taken the entire risk,
should share the profits with their workmen, who had
taken no risk. He had no objection to industrial part.
nerships, but he thought this a weak pout with the
cooperators,
Mr. Vansittart Neale thought a man who understood
118 business found it wore to his advantage to make ar
rangements to avoid the risk of strikes than if he at
tempted to found a business in which he would he ex
Bpned perpetually to that danger by endeavoring to put
0 his own pocket all the possible protits that nught be
got. out of the earnings made fn the business. In all
businesses workwen should participate in the profits
which they assisted to create, and he did not see why
persons could not undertake bnsinasses under these condi
tious precisely with the same balance of advantages and
disadvantages which wade them undertake businesses
HOW.
Mr. Lloyd Jones said the cooperator had no guar
rel with the capitalist. The Rothschilds were as well sn
utled to what they possessed as any oue clse, however
«mall his possessions. The complaint cooperators made
was that the wealth of society was aggregated into the
hands of single individuals in quantities too large for
Justice to be done to the whole of society. They wished
to supersede this by 8 new system, which would dis
tribute more equitably what was produced by the labors
of the whole community.
Mr. Arthur A. Beckett was opposed to cooperation, and
contended that the Civil Service stores in Long-acre and
in Monkwell-at. epjoyed advantages and privileges
which were deviled to tradesmen. They were exempt
from incotue tax and stamp duty, aud possessed other
advantages bog tradesmen did not. The cooperative
movement was ruining many tradesmon, and especially
poor tradesmen; and what Mr. Greening proposed to do
was to take them from their shops, and, as tere WHE A
demand for skilled labor in the north, send thess portly
tradesmen to supply the want, Slusough they were to
tally Suacqualitieq with the nature of the work, and this
was absurd. They had seen what fury trades unions
had done, and he was therefore oppused to further com
bination among workingmen.
Mrs. Edward Hall testified to the advantageous work
ingot industrial parietaalys France; after which a
vote of thanks to Mr. Hughes for bis paper brouglt tho
nrocsadin es 1o a close
IMPENDING HOSTILITIES IN BRITISH INDIA
MILITARY EXPEDITION AGAINST THE LOOSHAIL
Caloutia (Nov. 13) Cornpoutan: I'he London Times.
Public attention is becoming directed to the
Loosbai expedition, the force for which is fast assuming
the required dimensions at the two bases of operations.
Among the subsidiary but still important features of the
expedition will be an advance by the Rajal of
Munnipore, accompanied, in le political ca
fadtr, by the Political Agent at Mannipese
ajor-Gen. Nuthall, whose name {is assoc uted
with 8 previous expedition which sided somewhat
disagfpously. Gen. Nuthall's report on the ftate of the
cou and the diflculties to be surmounted, is remark
ably and pointed. The Rajah of Mimuipore can
carry ato action 400 cayalry, 6,000 infantry, and 500 artil
lery of a certaju kind, with 40 elephants, Ouly balf the
intantry, however, have muskets, and these are the old
flint-and-steel muskets that bave been half uw century in
the country, und which are often used on the primitive
plan of one wan holding tbe musket and another ppl
ng the match to it. On Gen, Nuthall’s recommendation,
number of smooth-bores have heen supplied to the
Rajah, and, 1 believe, will be preseuted to him
it bis wen bebave well. The Rajah has equal
foasen with ourselves to wish a swift and sharp puuish
nt to fall on the Looshal, against whom his territories
never have been long secure, and who hnve now devas
tuted the whole of the country south of the Kowproom
Valley, from the Looshal country to the road into Munni
pore. South of fia valley, Gen. Nuthall thinks, will be
found the wos! jaickivohupulated part of the Looshat
couutry. Frow the British frontier to the villages of the
Vousleis (a friendly tribe, now seeking the Rajal’s
3ruisction against the Lalpitang Howlongs), Gen.
vuthull deems it about five days’ march for troops,
and the Lalpitang villages he estimates at about tir.
teen days’ warch farther. This is the tribe that holds
the little girl Winchester, whose father, a plauwr, was
killed during the raid. Gen. Nuthall advises an advance
of the Rajan of Munnipore in two columns from the
Cowproom Valley. One column, he grants, would have
its left flank exposed, but the other would be covered on
both flanks, sud he trusts to the simultaneous adyanos
of the two columns to hewilder the enemy, and prevent
bim from taking advantage of an undoubted military
weukuess. 1 think, however, that Gen. Nuthall's wain
protection wgainst the cousequences of abn ex
poked flank will he the far greater hewllderment
of the main attacks. The Kooujal Kookies, who in
habit the Tung-Cliug range of bills, west of Lue Logtah
Lake iave been dn the Rigal's service since 1868, ial
bove heen a great barrier between him and the Looshal,
Eariv an 1869 a purty of 110 of thew broke up a bLoorlial
Catdlabib ul wud Riticd $0 ice without taklilg ans
rep They are reprosonted as having fought the
ai often, and as now Seapiaing them. It isto be
hoped, tharetole, that Gen. Nuthall may have an oppor
tunity of a dash at the robber tribes. He has valuable
experience both on his own part. and that of the Rajah,
who once was cut off from his count during an oxpedi
tion which was opponed by union of the Looshal tribes,
Valuable help ought to come from this quarter.
asd
THRILLING SCENE—MATERNAL DEVOTION EX
vMPIIFIVD
AAI RRR Ee aE The. vii oth J
EMPLIFIED,
The Fribourg (Switzerland) correspondent
of The Lapdon Standard, after describing the recent con
amatiofin that city, relates the following act of brav
ery and self-devotion on the part of a womun Hitherto
I had looked upon the scene, awful as it was, a8 being
simply a case of destruction of property, as I had been
Fo hat the people who lived in the houses had suc.
ceeded in escaping. Suddenly, however, from one of
the front fa op ge third story I heard a crash of
glass, and looking np w n woman's face—such a face
as I never care to see again. Tt was dreadful in its
agony. EBereaming to the crowd below, she seemed to
feel that she was too high for them to hear her, and the
flames, as she stood at the window, came
licking up the wall, as though they felt sho
WAS nirondy given up to them. What she said, or at
tempted to say, no one ever knew; but the crowd gazing
up from below saw her, and a hoarse roar came from
them which seemed to reach her and k give her encour
agement. Wildly waving her arms, she dapeatad for
a moment, and then rewppnired at the window with a
little child in her arms, In England, a fire-escipe would
have been reared against the wall of the house, and a
fireman would have brought down the woman and child
—not, perhaps, without sowe difficulty, but till without
any great danger provided he could have kept out of the
way of the flames, which were darting out of the win
dows of the lower stories; but in Switzerlaud no auch
things as fireescapes exist. There are willing hands
and brave hearts, aud that 1a all. What, then, can bo
done 1 Are the People to ree the wownan and child roasted
to death under their very eyes 1 But they are far below,
and the fiery flames are creeping op the outer walls and
windows, and already the woman haa to draw back her
burden as tho fire comes nearer and nearer, From below
all access is cut off, The staircases are simply masses of
red-hot atone, where no one can live for a moment.
What can bo done t Justthen atremendous cheer burst
from the crowd below, the reason for which I could not
understand, and I could only continue to look with hor
rible dread upon the sight, for I knew that unless help
ocume within a few minutes it would come too late. But
belp did come though, to me, from uo somewhat unex
pected quarter, The house where the. womiu aud child
wore standing was the Iast of those which
had taken fire, and the adjoining ove had an
iron balcony, trom which a fireman, seeing the dreadful
danger, and cheered by the crowd, attempted to throw a
rope to the woman, But it was very difficult for her to
catch it. Four times he threw it, and each time we saw
it fall past the window, though it was pitiful to see how
eagerly she tried to get hold of it. Bug the fifth time she
was suceessful, and tying the rope tightly round the
child’s body she swung it out of the window and it was
slowly but safely drawn nto the adjoining house,
Directly she had done this the woman disappeared irom
the window, but almost fimrediately returned with
another child, and by the same means she succeedod in
saving her second charge, But in saving the lives of
these two children the brave woman had got
terribly burned. The flames had been creeping
up nearer and nearer to her, and as she stood
at the window tying the children a tongue of
fire would often leap up and encircle her, but
she never flinched, Wrapping the child she held iu her
arms tightly in a woolen cloak, so as to prevent the flame
tonelink it, she would stand quietly bearing the fire
until! it had once more gone down, ud then i® quickly
proceeded with her work, But now it seeped too late to
#avg the woman herself, for the fire had reached the
store of wood at the top of jue house, und the roof was
in flames. er Pandy gud arms, too, wero terribly
scorched, and we fearad sho would never be able to bold
the rope. But a4 the cord was thrown to her, the people
raised a tremendous cheer ag though to encourage ber,
and catchy it at the first attempt, she managed to
fasten 1t round ber body, and throwing herself out of the
window, she was gradually lowered into the street, and
carefully taken to the hospital, where she at present lies
1 a dangerous condition. There have been any cases
of devoted heroism in times past, but I know of none
more noble than this of a simple servant girl, who not
only risked her own life, but stood such dreadful torture
1 order to save the lives ef the children under her charge,
and I gladly give ber name. It is Avua Albitz of Birken
dorf. The Swiss people are a warm-hearted race, and
the devoted condnet of the girl seems to be fully npre
ciated by them. The whole press bas spoken loudly in
praise of the heroism she has shown, and already a sab
8 ription lias been opened tor her benefit, as it 13 feared
her injuries are so severe that she will never again Lie
slle, even if she recovers trom them, to gaiu ber own
ving."
DELINQUENT POLICEMEN.
ntl
THE JEFFERSON MARKET PRISON BOX AGAIN,
Commissioner Manterre listened yesterday
to 22 comp'aints against policemen. John Gi. Heckscher,
of No 144 Madison-ave., testitied that he was arrested for
fast driving and taken to the Jefferson Market Police
Court the magistrate and clerk were absent, and the
complainant was glven in charge offOfficer Curry of the
Court-squard, who ordered him to be confined in the
prisoner's box, where thers was an insane man, who was
acting in a disorderly manner, and bleeding from a cut
in the head complainant asked the officer not to put
him in the box, and to send word to Recorder Hackett,
Judge Bedford or Superintendent Kelso,all of whom knew
him well the officer refused, and pushed him into the
box soon afterward Judge Cox came in and discharged
him. The ofMoer claimed that the insane man was not
bleeding, but admitted that he was suffering from deli
rium tremens, and had nearly torn off his clothes. Re
ferred to the Board.
Mrs. Julia Mullane of No. 22 Mott-at. complained that
Patrolman Thomas O'Connor of the Fourteenth Precinct
struck a boy twice in the face, and when she remon
strated seized and shook her, tore her clothes, and said
he would arrest her; on the way to ¢gthe station-house a
crowd gathered, and, after taking her a short! distance,
the officer released her. O'Connor said that the poy had
broken a shop window and stolen unts, and when he ar
rested the thief the complainant interfered and abused
him; he pushed her away and ordered ber not to inter
fere with hin. Referred to the Board,
THE GUARDIAN SAVINGS BANK TO RESU ME PAY
MENTS IN A MONTIL.
Receiver Quinlan of the Guardian Savings
Bank, says that the Bank is not yet able to pay its de
positors, but as a large number of bonds and mortgages
are owned by the bank, the officers are certain that with
these and securities which the Trustees may advance,
they will be able to resume payment by Feb. 1. Their
liabilities are £530,000, nearly all of which they will pay,
if possible, before the time specified but there are many
legal processes that will occupy considerable time, and
many of the mortgages will have to be transferred from
other banks. The Receiver further states that as there
15 no law constituting preferred cre@jtors, he intends to
pay all the smaller depositors in full,and give the others
a dividend of 50 per cent. He says that depositors will
not lose a doliar, as he intends to do all in his power to
protect thew). Many of those who are suffering for the
want of amall sums which they had deposited, have
stated their cases to hum, and he has pald them from
Private sources enough to alleviate their wants till the
au k resumes payments,
me ee et
THE MT. SINAI HOSPITAL SITE
A report is in circulation that the ground
upon which the Mt. Sinai Hospital is situated was orig
nally given to the city for a park, and that the hetrs of
the gwer are now determined to claim the land upon the
plea that the city has forfeited its right to it by not using
it for a park. The officers of the hospital say that they
anticipate no trouble from this source. They have a
lease for 99 years frown the city, and this lease was ap
proved by the Legialature, The documents are signed
and sealed nw the Clerk of the Common Counwil.
Emanuel Hart states that the officers of the Bocicty
have not even examined the original erant. The Bocioty
will not suffer at the hands of the heirs, as it can hold the
city responsible. The land fu dispute covers four block
and, in addition to tue hospital, the Chapin Home
Norutal Bchool have been built upon it. The hospital
cost $350,000, and will be ready for use about May 1.
RAILROADS AND EMIGRANTS.
A Committee of the Commissioners of Fmi
gration. met at Castle Garden, yesterday afternoon, to
cons¥der projects for the relief of emigrants from the ex
actions of railroad companies. Tne Commissioners are
endeavoring to persuade the railroad companies to re
duce their fares at least 20 per cent, or else improve the
accommodations. Although nominally the emigrants
are equally divided among the rival trunk lines before
they leave the Garden, thousands of ghem are induced by
agenta to say that they will remain in town, and as soon
as they got away from the Commissioners they become
the prey of railroad ageuts, boarding-housekeepers, and
others, who wish to make a comufission. The emigration
authorities tell the railroad men that, since it costs Mem
25 Jor cent of their earniugs for commissions, they would
better Rtoied all their agencies, pay the Commissioners
five per cent’to make a just distribution, and take 0 per
ceut troy thelr charges.
sees ell
WATCHING FOR A SMIMIGLER.
The Custom-House authorities av watching
for the arrival at this port of a suspected smuggler,
Frederick Sherman, alias Professor Lubin,” who was
preceded by a female accomplice on the steamship Cuba
with about $25,000 worth of laces in ber possession, whieh
she tried to land unperceived by the Inspector. Her
relations with Sherman becoming known, she told con
fiicting stories about him, saylug that he would soon
arrive, and then asserting that he would not reach this
port for months. She has been released, but will be kept
under surveillance until Sherman's arrival,
THE FIGHTH-AVE. HOMICIDE
An investigation was begun, yesterday, by
Coroner Herrmann tir the case of Edward Carroll, who
died at No. 210 West Thirty-seventh-st. from a blow on the
bead with a club at the hands of James McCartuey,
saloon-koeper, at No. 620 EAghth-ave., whom the deceased
and his brother Richard had attacked. The post mortem
exuluination revoalod wn tracture of the skull, esusing
compression of the prain, The investigation will be con.
tinned to day. MeCartney, who ia detained to await
tLe rosull, slams to hnve aoted sntirely fn self-defense,
THE FRIBOURG FIRE.
A THRIVING CITY.
ns
THE CITY OF TERRE HAUTE—ITS COMMERCIAL
RELATIONS, MANUFACTURING INDUSTRY, ED
UCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS, ETC.—THE IM
PROVEMENT OF THE WABASH.
BRELATIVNKY, MANUTFALUIIUBLIYU Ssrumrnae Ly woes
UCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS, ETC.—THF IM
PROVEMENT OF THE WABASH.
Po the Editor of The Tribune,
Sir: The City of Terre Haute derives its
name from the high ground on which it is founded. The
French voyageurs who gathered at Vincennesas far hack
as 1705, wandered up tho Wabash and applied this name
to an Indian village which was three miles push of the
presentgown. The site is a beautiful one, being on a
plateau about 60 feet above the river, and sloping in
every direction go as to admit of casy drainage, and the
river may be made available to supply the inhabitants
with an abundance of good water.
The town was organized in 1816, and the fact of its sit
uation on the line of the Great National Road, a stupen
dous scheme ln its day, and of which Henry Clay was
the projector, gave to this place a prospective lmpor
tance, What, however, led to its substantial growth
wis the completion, in 1852, of the Terre Haute and In
dianapolis Railroad, and the subsequent extension of
that road to St. Louis, thus fixing Torre Haute as an im
portant point on oue of the great thoroughfares of trafic
hetween the seaboard and jhe Mississippi Valley, and at
the same time rendering tributary for manufacturing pur
poses the block coal region of Brazil, lying 16 miles
to the east. Up to that time her population, after the
lapse of more than 35 years, barely reached 4,000. In
1%60 it had risen to 8,594; at the present time it fs not far
from 20,000, and is rapidly increasing. Since the comple
tion of the Terre Haute and Indianapolis Railroad there
have been put in operation the following routes which
bear directly on the commerce of tH city: The Bt.
Lows, Vandalia and Terre Haute; the St. Louis and In
dianapolis, essentially a rival ne runmog to the same
principal points; the Evansville and Crawfordsville, and
the Terre Haute and Chicago. Ground has just been
broken on the Cincinnati and Terre Haute Railroad, to
the stock of which the city has voted a subscription
of $100,000, thus evincing her disposition to open new
avenues of trade.
By these routes Terre Hauté has direct access to the
Lakes, to the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers, and to the
seaboard. She is distant from Chicago 180 miles; 8t.
Louis, 165 miles; from Cincinnati 180 miles, and from
Louisville 150 milos—the last two distances being com
puted by the Cincinnati and Terrs Haute route. Thus,
then, it will be seen that there is room hers for the
growth of auother inland city, and know of no place
which has stronger claims to assume such a position
than Terre Haute. It is surrounded by a country fertile
alinost beyond comparison, and much of it is clothed
with a magnificent forest growth, The Wabash Valley
has long been known as furnishing the best corn lands
in the United States, and the uplands produce good Win
ter wheat. The forests yield abundant materials for
railroad ties, wheels, hubs, barrels, and lumber for
agricultural implements, and the coal flolds are near at
baud, The union between the specular iron ores of Mis
souri and Lake Superior and the block coals of Iu
diana, can be effected here as cheaply as ot any other
point, and the Wabash River affords an unfailing supply
of water for furnace and other manufacturing purposes,
An iron furnace, under the superintendence of Mr. A. L.
Crawford, with a daily e¢apacity of turning out 25 tuns of
plg metal, is already in successful operation. There is a
rolling-mill, with a nail factory attached, with a capacity
to manufacture 1,800 kegs of nails a week, and also a
glass factory.
Main-st. is substantially built for the most part of
brick, but the fronts of many buildings are of Ellettsville
limestone, a free-cutting stone of an agreeable tint and
great durability, and capable of any degree of orna
mentation, Itis, in fact, one of the most desirable
stones for construction to be found in the United States.
Many of the private residences, with their sur
roundings of walks and shrubbery, indicate a spirit of
taste nud refinement on the part of their owners. Tho
State Normal School is situated here, and the building,
of brick with stone trimmings, in the midst of a square,
presents an interesting appearance. The Opera House
and Dowling’s Hall, both tastefully built and adorned,
afford commodions quarters for popular amusements,
The public school buildings are also worthy of comm: nd
ation, and evince that the people are not neglectful of the
interests of education. To the members of the American
Association for the Advancement of Science, on the oe
casion of their visit to this place last Autumn, the citi
zens extended a magnificent reception.
With regard to the importance of the Wabash River as
a great artery of trade, am not profoundly impressed.
This stream, like the Ohio, each year, as its sources are
cleared up and its swamps drained, appears to flow with
diminished volume. A survey with reference to the im
provement of its navigation has just been completed
under direction of the United States Topographical
Bureau, and the pian contemplated is to remove the
snags and sawyers, and excavate channels through the
sand bars. This plan, while it might remove many im
pediments, would not increase, but rather dimjnish, the
average depth of water, by permitting it to low more
freely, and when completed would only admit of the free
navigation of the riyer for a limited portion of the year
by steamers of small capacity. To slack-water the river
would be impracticable, for the intervales bordering the
streaw are broad, and large tracts of rich land now cul
tivated, would be inundated and rendered valueless,
The only feasible method to render the Wabash
thoroughly navigable, 13 to imitate what {is now
doing in the neighboring State of Illinois; to
start at the head of Lake Michigan, say at
Michigan City, and cut a canal, at least 108 feet broad on
the jbottow, to the northernmost bend of the Wabash,
and use a portion of the waters of that great reservoir to
keep the river in a boatable condition, except when
closed by ice. There is a growing disposition on the
part of tae people to restrain Congress from embarking
in schemes of internal improvement designed to benetit
particular sections; but the State of Indiana, believe,
18 nearly out of debt, and may be disposed to vxecute a
project which shall redound so much to her prosperity.
By this means a water communication far cheaper than
any land conveyance, might be maintained throughout
the entire length of the State, a distance of more than
250 miles in an air line; thus uniting the commerce of
the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers with thatef the great
lakes, 8. W. FosTER,
Terre Haute, Dec. 20, 1871,
a tft
REVOLUTION IN BESSEMER STEEL MANU
FACTURE.
The following communication from Prof.
P. H. Vander Weyde appears in The Engineering and
Mining Journal
FACTU RE,
The following communication from Prof.
P. H. Vander Weydo appears in The Engineering and
Mining Journal
It appears that our manfacturers of Bessemer steel
can thus far not well do without a peculiar kind of Kn
glish pig fron, which, by its freedom from Dhugihorons,
18 especially shaped for their purpose. It is well-known
that a quarter of one per cent of this material makes
pig fron unfit for the Bessemer process. All that our meo
tallurgical chemists have thus far been able to accom
plish is to reduce the use of the imported iron to a mini
num, fn which direction Prof. Maynard, late of the Rens
selaer Poigtechnic Institute at Ties, has been eminently
successful. In the meantime the Weat is looking up, and
in Imsliana pig irons are produced from pthe Mis.
sourl ores, by the use of Indiuna block coal, which are
claimed to be equal in fuaiiy 10 the English irou re
ferred to above, but which, it 2pieats, cannot yol come
pete with the English product In regard to ¢odt. Re
cently, however, we hear from England that the fear is
expressed there that, as the demand for this particular
pig tron is increasing so rapidly, the ores from which it
is obtalued will soon give out, That this is more than a
mere assertion made for the purpose of driving up the
prices is sure, from the fact that this pig iron is ouly
obtained fromm the red hewatite found in the
carboniferous limestone ig two localimes, near
Ulverston in Lancashire and near Whitena
ven iu Camberland. We see now that the ques
tion has attracted the attention of the Irom and
Steel Institute in England, and they have appoluted a
committee of experts Lo Fehory on the Yistrivuton of the
English iron ores expucial y referring to the deposits of
red hematite, and this committee has now presented u
preliminary report eORErmIng the fear. Sonsequel dy
application has been made to the Director-General of the
Geological Burvey requesting that the officers under him
should be instructed to report on the existence of other
Sobamirs, if such may have come to their Xoowled ge
This, however, was either refused, or the knowledge did
not exist, at least no favorable information has been
gained in this direction.


If, thenghy these facts, the prices of this ore and of the
Ag made from it are goiug to be raised in Great
Sritain, the Indiana Bessemer pig may be not only able
to compete with the Rogiiad, but those Interested mpy
earn great profits, and the pn plan to erect Bes
semer works lu Brazil, Indiana, or in that ueighborhood,
will be stimulated by this fact, as well as by the well
founded and highly-favorable reputation of those con
cerned in such an important enterprise.
We need not say that iron rails should be used no
louger, but that the example of those railroad cor
porations who recently lave been relaying all their
tracks with Besscuer steel ralls should be universally
followed
CHRISTMAS LAWILESSNESS
Christmas night among the criminal classes
is synonymous with drunkenness and excesd, and the
police magistrates were busy yesterday in consequence.
At the Towbas Police Court 60 persons were charged with
intoxication, which is not a large number under the olr
cumstances. Most of them were discharged with a repri
mand by the magistrate, At the other Police Courts
there were aboul the same proportion of prisoners. Tho
number of arrests was conglderably less than on Christ
mas Day laat year. Those who have in former years
spout tuo riotous manner the salaiios wich they diew
from the Clty Treasury, bad not the means apparcutly
this year to puss the day tn the old mannes.


James Woods of Noo 25 Avioue B owas attawked, early
yeaterday morning, at Lroadway and Bleeckod sly

four mon, who knocked him down, and took from his
Corkse a gold watch, value $48, Woods seized Henry

S—————— i EE
ard, printer, of No. 56 Crosby-at., but the assailant
wretched himself out of his coat, and ran off, He re.
turned, however. and claimed the coat. Patruifmma
Gardiner of the Fourteenth Precinct, JPpanting Just at
that time, took him into custody, and Justice Dowling
committed him to the Tombs.
Corpellus Hart of No, 66 Mott-at.,, was committed bv
Justice Dowling for stabbing Eliza Jennings of No. (0
Mott-st,, during a row at the former place.
John MeGarvin of Sixth-ave, and irty eizhth-st., on
Monday night drove at furious speed down Fifth-ave,,
and when followed by Patrolman Hart of the mounted
squad, attempted to escape by driving throngh Thirty
fifth-st. At Third-ave. the wagon strock the curb, Mo
Garvin, his wife, aud his sister Minnie were thrown ous,
and severely injured, and the vehicle was smashed,
They were taken to the Thirty -fifthi-st. Police Station,
where their wounds were dressed, MceGarvin, who was
locked up, was discharged from guanony yesterday.
Caarles Duffy of No. 88 ENzabeth-=f. qoarreled with
James Sullivan of Third-ave. and Fourteenth -st,, early
yesterday, at Hester-st, and the Bowery, and shot him in
the right breast, causing a severe wound, The assatlans
was locked up the Frage st, Police Station. Sul
van was taken home by pis friends, and the assaiaet
was comipitted by Judge Beotr.
TT H—_—
THEIR SUCCESS FINANCIALLY AND SOCIALLY
OTHERS TO BE SENT FOR.
NorTir Apams, Mass, Dee. 20.—-During the
year and a half that has passed since th Chinamen wero
first brought to North Adams, man; «7 “Le douits that
were felt as to the success of the be, erprise have
passed away, with some of the prejudice perhaps too
hastily formed, against the new-comers; and through all
the excitement caused by the introduction of cheap
labor they have quictly worked away, molested only by
the threats of those who had planned for them a warm
reception. The kindness of the good people of this
enterprising Berkshire town has done much toward
developing what was good in the heathen 1mnd,
and to this the Chinamen largely owe what
siiecess they have had or may have wn the future,
Had other foreigners been blessed with the samo mystic
imfluence that fadbred the Celestials, they might have r
ceived the same kindness, perhaps with equal or better
results. Upon no class of laborers has 80 much attention
and care been lavished as upon the Chinamen in Massa
chusetts, and had they not giceeedod the fault would
have been their own. Every advantage has been offered
them for improvement. Evening and Sundayschools
were opened for them and have been well maintained
and in wany ways a kindness has been shown them that
is almost partial, and which other foreigners have not
been blessed with,
An hour may be very pleasantly spent in visitizg them
at their workshop and in their school-room. The hour
tor study is after their evening meal, and hardly havo
the chop-sticks ceased cramming rice into their capa
cious mouths when their almond eyes eagerly wateh for
the teachers. Visitors are earnestly besieged by thess
saffron-skinned thirsters after knowledge; and to all
who will kindly accept it, a chance is given to help them
in their simple studies, for which ample reward will be
found in the heartfelt thanks expressed for every little
attention shown them. Most of them speak English, aud
many of them read and write quite well. The ame room is
used for the dining and schoolroom, and on the walla
may be seen, interspersed among the charts for their
study, the daily account of table expenses, kept in Sherr
queer hieroglyphics by their foreman Ah Sing, who has
charge of providing for their table, and who 18 obliged
to render daily a strict account of all expenses. Ah Sing
by his gentlemanly manners has made many friends, and
occupies with Messrs, C. T. Sampson Co. 8 situation of
great trast, He keeps a personal account with each
Chinaman in his own language, but the simple-minded (1)
lwathen have thought best to put a check evenupon him,
and have appointed one of their number to keep an addi
tional account. Each man draws his own pay, end is
entirely free to use it as hedikos, though the contrary
was asserted among other vague reports circulated when
the Chinese first came here.
Much has been said about a contract supposed to have
been made botween the parties interested, by whioh the
Chinamen were bound to a life akin to slavery or sorf
dom. Mr. Chase, the superintendent of the manufao
tory of C. T. SAmpson Co., who was sent to San Fran
cisco to transact the business, and*whose statements aro
perfectly trustworthy, assurcs me that thejonly contract
made was a simple writing drawn by himself, and 10 no
way as biuding as the ordinary indentures of an appron
tice: the ouly obligations were that the Chiuamen
«hould work for a period of three years, and for stated
wages. This was signed by Mr. Chase and by the Ban
Francisco merchants through whom the Chinamen wore
obtained,
People bave often wondered why, if the enterprise is
proving satisfactory to Mr. Sampson, other manufactur
ers do not employ this class of help. We must remom
ber the immense capital required for such an undertak
ing, and the fact that capitalists are waiting for this
first trial to prove a success before investing, though
rumors are now current of arrangements made by
cotton manufacturers in Eastern Massachusetts
for introducing Chinese labor into their work
shops. Their snccess as shoemakers seems very satis
fuctory. Tam told by the superintendent that the work
accomplished by the 74 Chinamen now employed, 13
equal both in quality and quantity to that formerly done
by the sane number of Criapins, while the Chinese work
of course at 8 much less expense, The Crispins were
paid from $15 to $20 a week for doing the work for which
the Chinamen are paid (as i8 generally supposed, though is
“is not definitely known) about $23 a month. The beat proof
that Mr, Sampson is pleased with his cheap labor is tho
fact that he intends to procure more of it when he on
laries his works, which he is expecting to do within a
year. The time for which the present number were
hired expires in about 18 months, and the course then
parsing yy their employer will be watched with great
utereat, and will have a powerful influence upon the
lubor question.
One of the best features in the character of the Chinas
is their semlerate and quiet habit of hving; never in
wig in the sprees’ 50 common among \rigpiua, and
go damaging to the manufacturer. They can always be
found ready for the work placed before them, At ono
time their employers were much wor ied by reports of
the Celeatials Visiting a certain saloon of a very un
celestial nature in the vicinity of the manufactory, and
carrying away beer in pails. Upon being questioned,
however, they said that they used the beer merely for
washing sores on their feet. The explanation seemed
rather transparent, but as they were never known to
use it (the beer) in any other way, it was accepted, probably
with a recommendation of some different liviment for
future use. They occasionally indulge in a glass of Cali
fornia wiue, but never to an extent to interfere with
their work. Toeir pay-roll for the month of November
shows that the WERT loss of time by the 74 workmen
was only about five days. Opportunities are here given
them for carting adaitiolial wages, by working evenings
ut Jioes work. he gaming tables, their proverbial de
light, over whieh they spent considerable of their spare
time when they first came here, have been set aside, and
one now finds them Spending their eveulngs over their
studies, or iu earning ir extra pay.
The clunate secs to agres with them, and they
express themselves much pleased with their home, but
they never will say even their employers what course
they intend to pursue when they have finished thew
three years’ labor. Most of them are boys from 16 to 20
years of age, with a tew older ones. Two or three of
them are marred, having wives in China, A report,
which proves tu be only sensational, has been circulated,
that the Celestials had smuggled some of their fair ouea
from their own sunny clune to make happy their now
home. The exceedingly effeminate appearance of some
of them, and their marked affectionate bearing toward
each other, was the only ground for this rumor, and so
striking were these characteristics that was long
time before even the assurance of the trustworthy Al
Sing could convince Mr. Sampson that he was not de
ceived in the matter of sex.
Their success soclally has yet to be proved; though
they are doing their best 10 improve in the way of dress,
&v.” Their appearance and manners are uncouth. No
doubt if iy were employed as servants they would
prove good ones, and better opportunities would be
given them for developing socially. As yet, however,
they have hardly exhibited any Yery attruotive social
qualities outside their own small circle.
cnet adiivnceeme————
(Coroner Herrmann began an investigation
yesterdny in the case of Catharine B. Cahill, "whose
death at Bellevue Hospital was caused by premature
coutinewent, hastened, perhaps, bY malpractice. Mis,
Sarah Butler of No. 22 Pike-st. testified that the deceased
engaged board at her house on Dec. 16, and on the follow
ing Wednesday said she was going to consult a doctor;
she returned three hours afterwurd, and on the follow:
jug day complamed of great pain in her chest; she rap
idly became worse; Loyuician was called in and pre
scribed for ber; ou Fri day she wus seized with conyul
sions and removed to Bellevue Hospital on Saturday a
man called and inquired it a girl of the name of the de
ceased boarded sere; sool afterward auother wan
called on a similar errand; witness did not know the
name of the physician on whom deceased called. Thy
further fnvestigntion was adjourned. The rather and
brothers of the deceased were present, and the latter do
clared they would take ra vengeance on the be
tiaver of their sister if they could discover him.
A strange incident occurred mn the Court G1 LEE
and Terminer vesterday, 18 appears that on Dec. 14, John Keuevan snd
Patrick McCarshy were tried for the theft of pocket-book trom Hear?
Muartbaler, a German, iu Rectorst. They were convicted on the test
mony of Marthaler, who swore positively to their identity. The prison:
ore were brought before Judge lugraham vesterday for sentence, whea
so men, who were standing in the back part of the room, came forward,
ope of them exclaiming loudly: Them men is vot guiliy—1 am the wan i
The interruption created a profound sensation in the court-room, aod
no little futereat was manifested, which increased as the wes, having
heen {raced on the stand. confessed that they committed the robbery, aad
that doe Evo prisoners awailin schitence were inpocent. They gasses
pames «8 Edward Mahony wg George Williamson, the Jatter beng the
ue who toon the pocketbook. aide] and abesied by lis associate. Li wow
appears that Mahoney 18 the uncle of McCarthy, that the real crun pals
Pave been al sens noe the Fohbory was commit, and only heart of the
taal on ther cetuiu Lime Lo prevent (He wror fu! pug sim ont of ir
two bw wee all Coamanded i onder thst tue bis ont CURT J
BO algare (Ube ar cas
THE NORTH ADAMS CHINAMEN.
THE CAHILL MYSTERY.
w0O MODERN JEAN VALJEANS.