OITY REFORM.
Appointment of Mr. Green as
Comptroller and Mr. Stebbins
as Park Commissioner.
The Connolly and Havemeyer
Correspondence.
Mr. James W. Gerard Does
Not Accept.
Meetings of the Board of Apportionment
and Sinking Fund Commission.
MR. BRADLEY AND NATHANIEL 8AND8.
The Tricks That Are Yain of the
Beard of Canvassers*
ALDERMAN PLUNKITT AS A LAWYER.
A Secret Canon) of Aldermen and Promi
nent Politicians.
toe conrinoLLERsmr.
Tne great event, amid a number that were or a
minor cbaracter, in municipal governmental circles
j eater da/ waa tne appointment of Mr. Andrew H.
Green as Comptroller. Tula fact or itbeir waa not
ao significant aa to arouse any excitement, for Mr.
Green baa practically been Comptroller for several
moutbs; but to the thoughtful and far-aeetng
It was wbat is behind or before this appoint
ment. Tbe general impression among tbe City
Ilall frequenters yesterday on this appointment
was that it was a complete recognition on tbe part
of tbe appointing power of tbe will of tbe people as
indloated In tbe last election. A continuance in
this kind of well doing, It was generally conceded,
would go far to cover a multitude of sins.
Tbe resignation that became operative yesterday
of comptroller Connolly was founded on tbe follow
ing correspondence, wbicb will be seen was written
as far buck aa tbe 3d of October:?
New York, Oct 8,1871.
Mt Dxab Sis?It seem, to me that the time hai arrived
When toy realtinaliun of the oQice of Comptroller may be of
service to the public, If It can be the menu, of securing the
appointment of a successor of known Integrity and of emi
nent qualifications lot the position.
The appointment of Mr. (ircen, which was made by your
gvloe, has been received with general satisfaction and ap
oval, and hit administration or the trust committed to hie
area has commended htm to universal confidence,
i Belying on your friendly counsels, which have governed
my action from the time 1 first sought your advice, and recog
nising you as one representing In an eminent deee the viewa
pf the great body of our citizens, I beg leave to place In your
handa my provisional resignation, to take (fleet, on the same
being tiled, stmultaneou.lv with the appointment of a suc
cessor whom you shall approve.
Conscious of many shortcomings in the discharge of my
onerous and varied duUes, 1 desire that my course of action,
to a orfsls of so much Importance, ana In a matter so deeply
affecting the Interests of the public, inay be such as all good
Cl tics as may approve. Very respectfully vours,
Hit, HARD U. CON NOLL?,
Hon. W*. P. Have sum.
M _ Haw to**. Oct. I, 1871.
jeY Dxab St*,?1 have received yours of to-day, and, out
put ef your flattering allusions to myaelt, It la Just such a
letter aa 1 excected to receive from you as soon as tbe time
Should arrive when you could consistently pen Ik
I will accept your resignation on the conditions yon name,
Md wlU not part with It, until It aball secure the appointment
Is Andrew H. Green as your successor. Vours truly,
W. F. UavKMLVEB.
To B. B. ComtoLLT, Esq,
?'J|I NSW Tom*. Ock a, 1871.
Soil A Oakey Hal), Mayor:?
Diti 8i?-l herewith resign the offlca ef Gomptroller of
lb? city of New York- Yours respectfullv,
RICHARD B. CORNOL.lv,
Comptroller of tbe city of New York.
TBI APrOINTM*NT OF VIU ORRRW.
Mayoh'u Office, Naw lotk Nov. 18, 187L
A vacancy exlatlngat thla date In the ofilce of Comptroller
(ftp* etU of New York, by the voluntary realgnatlun of
fllebard B. Connolly, Esq., wbp was bltbeito appointed by
me to that ofilee (and wnlch resignation la duly tiled); now.
In pursuance of and by virtue of the authority conferred by
taction tg of chapter ?7t of the Laws of 1871, amending me
lton 86 of ttao Law. of lS7l), 1 hereby Ull the said vacancy,
Red do appoint for the mil term aa Comptroller of the eity of
ew Yorx Andrew II. Ore. n, Baq.
A- HA KEY HALL, Mayor of tbe city of Rew York.
Mr. Groan was sworn into offlco In tbe morning
by Judge Braay, or the Supreme Court. It was very
Quiouy and quickly don*. There waa no sceno, no
crowd?a filmplo reciting to bim of tbe oath of
office, a kissing of tbe blbie, and Mr. Green was
Comptroller of the city of New York. Mr. Hieen's
Sureties are Mr. William H. Havemeyer
*nd Kamuel J. Tiluen. It Is too early for the new
comptroller to have made appointments, but taere
is a general expectation on the part of the publlo
that the Deputy Comptroller will ho Mr. Storra,
whose familiarity with the duties of tbe office are so
very apparent.
Colonel Jollue has sent to the various departments
r notification to the effect that Mr. Greeu has been
appelated Comptroller.
THE MAYOR'S OFFICE.
Boarl or Apportionment.
The Board of Apportionment met yesterday at the
Major's office. The members of tbe Board present
were Mr. Tweed, Comptroller Oreen. Mr. Storrlsand
tbe Mayor.
Mr. C0K80W, the secretary, read the minutes of
tbe last meeting in relation to tbe bestowal of the
revenue moneys on tbo charity schools throughout
She olty. The minutes were confirmed unanimously.
,'Mr. Green handed In the following resolution:?
??solved, Thai the following bon he nened
oouNT* BONDS.
Improvement of Westzheetcr oounijr bond..., $100,000
Croton Aqueduct bonJi. 70S.0O0
Couutr Court House bonds W.U.UOO
<Utj ftfk tmprorement stock (00,1)00
Ttoul..
The $060,000 of county Court Mouse stock was all
due. This money was Issued in two appropriations?
one or $000,000 and the other 01 $3,&oo,ooa,
Mr. Walsh, one of the trust eos of toe new Court
Bouse, and Alderman Coman were present at tbe
Sting. Mr. Walsh stated that all tne money to
alsed on the new Court House was all due. A
itsllion, he said, bad been sent to the Board of
ortloument tor the Issue of $600,000 of county
Court House stock oa the 80th of April last, out of
this only 9200,000 had been received by the trustees.
The Mayor said that a met ting coula be held oy
special oall, as tue money was now wanted to go
pa with tbe work. If Mr. Walsh would send in n
requisition ne would call a meeting to oonatder this
question.
Mr. Walsh?To-dayt
JLAYOR?well, if you send me the requisition to
ut 1 will call a special meeting to-morrow morn
?to meet after three a ays, or course.
Lr. Walsh said he would scud in the requisition
to night, ai more money was needed to go on with
1 wort.
the
Mr. green read his report on the subject of the
appropriation tor the Board of Coroners. The ap
propriation made oy the Board for 1671 for that
r. _r -A AY JU-.a AI Thle fHAnaw ha/l Kam.
department was $67,668 08. Tills money had been
all spent, and the Comptroller said thai hi A new no
pray of raising any nioro money for (his object.
It was proposed by the Mayor, and Unanimously
resolved, that the report be accepted and placed
npon tbe file.
The Board then adjourned on the motion of the
Mayor.
Mr. Tweed took no part in the debate. The pro
ceedings were altogether of a depressing nature.
The Sinking Fund Com artesian.
At two o'clock there was a meeting of the Sinking
Fund Commissioners. There were .present the
Major, in tne chair; Comptroller Green, Chamber
lain Bradley, Recorder Hactett and Assistant Alder
man Lyeaght.
Alter the minutes had been read Mr. Bradley and
Mr. Green neld a long conversation in whispers.
Tbe Mayor, holding a fold of paper in bis band
wblob be was evidently preparing to read, looked
nervously at U10 pair several times. At length tbe
?atffideatlai conversation ceased.
MR. NATIUNIIL SAWD8.
Mr. Bnaninr resumed his seat and said .-?Mr.
Mayor, in relation to ibe $76,000, 1 want to know
whether the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund
ever employed any one to negotiate a loan, end if
not by wnoee authority tms loan wss negotiated,
I certainly did not know Mr. Bands was employed
by the Commissioners. I have attended all tbe
meetings, I think, and If u naa been authorised I
should like to see it, and know who authorized him
So be paid and how it was paid.
The Mayor?W hat lniormation have you got
qbout it 7
Mr. Uradlbt?I don't know anything more than
SSt?1*hm n
7la M g0,n|f to take ?P the
wK to n6W"pape?' 1 for one
sisVuTsznji."** **?w
thing ebout'uT PerhaPg M""- Qreen knows some*
TM MATO^Weu'1^* Of It I
tlon tbost it P?"tsps you will make i mo*
to authorize'i to mSr'JJ'rS?? that tiie Comptroller
HhowiDg? therTr R?^port at Dext maeilng,
Izen to negotiate tnia innil k wa? or was n?t aoihor
paul wHSm what to?&. *hat a>"hortty to ?u
The Mirn? iw.. roa he received payment.
It in writing t J0U lnk you had better put I
The il*vnaTiilThK.Secr,,ftI7 has W?e idea.
but it may be his own.ng>~"Ue maJ Pav? Ml* J
M
mtt*"
geated amendment as vSrf1 iJ? rasrar<' tw" ?ng
original motion wua suatffii 811(1 lUe
strAoc?on wml refwredto tnt ^,artrae?' ?r
troiier. ea b* the Mayor to the Comp
jAnK5fIri2T;.rjS1' Campbell and
water grant compensations?*^rh? fcf8rea?e t0 I
w*" referred to Recorder Hactott was
re^rt aSTVn^vImailon^r^erj^'401?7, aa>d
bo brought up at tiemM.i^tLpr^p(,!;ty W0UJd
The Soanl tnen adiourtod ?n Moaday>
Mr. Gerard Ooea Not
"m<*
IfuSSIiV?}*" T?"'
lar day* or hour*. MMon' ?r the year, or at partlcu
tw'ol^^Tn?;^^? thV ^oo.. for twenty
w.rda, which lo lue f? very aiae*bl?!SLniand Rl?bl??ulb
doe* not exact from m. P?*"1ob and on* that
doe. not exact from im ILT-f1'1!' pocitioa and
time*. I cau viait them^heu fSSS?r ,'VtV p
attached to the ichool* of uJL ?'ri.V*' h**?
particular
attached to me, and I do not wenTto n?PaTe
1 could not gite the time l0.*?T*r the connection.
eommlaeloner, not merely in the me?ti^f?ar. .(i.ou?du"e* ?r
the exacting c/utlea of the Tarlom^m?.. th?_ board but In
Bltud* of the iyttem of nubile ainUSE!!}^** which toe mag
sent from the city from eirir reqnireB. *^5
and I could not tuonu aroJitloV^LiS?.- *5 f th* 'ail,
prepared lo perform at all *eeaee?2.!e 91"?* I "a* not
I ehail continue with great pleoaure^oand hour*.
Inspector, and I will o*e my ?J52ito?.PnS n? m7 dut,?? a*
have done for year* peat to elmtL 'J1* tarai a* 1
moral atandard of the c/iildron of hl i fif Intellectual and
lord. lam, with nw^'nS^^ol~?**??
JAMKtt W. OiSftARD.
A Freezing teller from Jodge nilr?.
SS:-M tM
1?7L
Hon. OakbvPHaVtf'Iuro'r I"?1"0 Pams> Not- 20,161
'actUmfyouhw^/p^in^"" T?~ ?tt?nt|on to the
co?"?9u?"l|r. ?y xmisnJiM tato "5,ibSS anU lha,?
"Jfved ot tOTton a So ?e^omunitUtorM?" at once
thi? drp%rtm#nt. c?Poniiuiiitf?rof mj poiiilon in
wk '"j i'wstnuii ia
you, fully determined to
Later In a.. _ HliNR* "I^ON.
later In the day Mr Henr* n ulhhi-
The Board of Ctsviuuni
at.1? It" duU Procee(1*ng8 of this Board wero
emTM,M ,MKraw b, uo sownruo,, ...JJ,?
be '?ae.eul attitude when tbe maudute ot the lew
SwulT ""?"?Wlbti
tl b^ tjie canvass, and the Aidermanio
^eu omSsiSL'JSS ?JSmStS I
Sa?a pm mTLSSVL ai
Jt>anlel D? Oonover obtained a peremptory
Board of "II? JU(lge Barnard' COmpelUpg the
Ff"190? t?iroon at with S; can
ine? TT'I0 UOket The man<lan"? was
tsn2L K&S&
CmiayUui(yveaattott^Do,^S^Antr.lf^^r"1;.l, ^"to^laor
^l^rvLUowb3naVmgmb^vc^ITl^ ^me'atoeit
"Jaws
miiudanms, tssuta by Jodcl*8 h!?1?! WMa
application oi'Mr. Danioi d ronnvnr ou 016
tbetn to canvass the votil com?andlng
man Coman tuca uiia u> H?ae,L Aider
spelling words here and %era? and J?iLu,a?u*i I
struggle lie got to the end. an<l bard
?^w?af5aseSS?;????
Wherea* we believe the
??^pe^eMto^or&.tbm2,^Wd^ th,0^ed undera
P?al? In the eeae of the feonle Tr,'11,,11!' Court of Ap.
Willlam H. Hull, recently dr?ii!#d
Counsel, a* the legal adviir ofThS u e ?WP?ratioa
authorized and directed to make n,? .and hereby
dainu* required bMheterm^rh.^f^.^".t0 ,a,<1 man"
?aSSE!
Thertoolntlon^unanrmoZHSSt^
thrlr coXmptaifTwrair.^Pb<^r,1ed L? 8h?w
make the canvass as SSU^JSUSSVS to
the Aldermaulo ticket was concerned, by tho adoption
of a motion of supervisor Woltman that the Cleric
read the names or the candidates for Inspectors of
Election and the,votes received by each candidate in
each election district of each ward of tho city. This
will involve tne calling over of abont thirty-flve
thousand names. The number of distrlots jn each
ward averages about eleven, and in some of the
districts there are six candidates. The names of tbe
candidates elected were called over, aud the nam
tier or the votes they received.
The Board adjourned until one o'clock to-day.
Aftor the adjournment a secret caucus was held of
Supervisors, Aldermen and pollt>clans, to discuss, no
doubt, plots, treason, stratagems anJ spoils.
Tbe Sheriff'* Office.
At the Sheriff's omce inquiries were made as to
Mr. Ingeraoll. The order for arrest, was vacated
yesterday and was returno I to Judge Ingrabam. Mr.
Jarvts says that Mr. Ingersoll Is In New Jersey, but
that he has no power to follow him Into that State.
R0515C NOTES?POLITICAL AND GENERAL.
B. B. Rankio, a reporter on the Boston Hernia,
has been elected Representative to the Massachu
setts Legislature.
Tne Louisville ledger "amewslngiy" suggests that
the actual name of the Cincinnati Enquirer's candi
date for the Presidency is Thomas Scatu
The latest Presidential can lidate oat Is Josepn
MedUl, Mayor elect of Chicago.
In the exuberance of Us joy at the republican
victory In this Bute the Kingston Journal ex
claims, "Tammany cleaned oat!" Tammany being
cleaned out, what oan there be offensive about it
now*
The Chautauqua Democrat announces tor Clerk of
the Assembly 0. Taber and E. M. Johnson, of El
mira, and Edward F. Underbill, of Brocton, The
latter writes a characteristically funny letter in this
connection, Tho AA&sny Times suggests John C.
Bellman for the oferksUp next.'
The Lonlavtlle Ledger says:?"That phthlslcky
Old stag, the Cincinnati Enquirer, Is rather livelier
than usual. It wants to enlist as cowcatcher on
Tom Scott's train."
The Elmtra (N. T.) Oasttte (democratic) thinks it
would be no inconsistency for she democratic party
to nominate eltber Judge Chase, Senator Trumbull,
uovernor Grata Brown or Charles Francis Adams
for the Presidency, provided the one selected
should accept a nomination on a dsmooratlo plat
form.
They have an "Our Grata" in Missouri, it seems
sa well as in the New York law courts.
"Divorce" is underlined In Chicago, A sure sign
of returning prosperity.
The New Orleans Times thinks it would be a com.
pilment to any baker if ha could be called a big
loaf-sit
"A. B. Si" are no longer the Unto of the editorials
In the Atlanta dun. Toe Memphis Avaiancbe thinks
tbe Georgia statesman naa hauled off for repaira,
ana the readers of that journal think of appointing
a day of thanksgiving.
Motto for the "niggsr"-hanging Ku Kiux In
Indians r
"ITqiii be the beams* wtth Masks."
The repabucsns in New Uampehlre are waking op
and making arrsngemenm to redeem the state next
yean The democrats say they can't do tw
The Sprtngflold Republican is still fighting Grant,
sad Grant don't seem to mind it a bit. Tho Repub
lican goes for Colfax for tbe republican nomina
tion-J or reasons*
THE COURTS.
A King Saving's Bank in Court?Condemnation
Lawyers in Trouble?Important to
Married Women.
UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT.
Washington, d. C., Nov. 20,1871.
In tbe Supreme court of the United States this
afternoon It was announced that the Court would
adjonrn on next Monday, the 27th Inst., sine die.
Tbe Court will meet again on December 4, as re
quired by law, to commence the regular term.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT-IN BANKRUPTCY.
The flaardlH Having* Bank.
Counsel I or Julius Ascner, a depositor in tbe
Guardian Savings Bank, has commenced proceed
ings for the purpose of potting tbe Guardian Sav
ings Bank into Involuntary bankruptcy, on tbe
ground that the bank has stopped the payment of
Its checks, and that a receiver has been appointed
in ine State court, the papers will be served per
sonally upon Mr. William M. Tweed, as one prin
cipally connected with the affairs of (he establish
ment.
Condensations.
A quantity of tobacco found et 880 Cherry street,
and thirty oases of blank books, the properly of one
Rubeneon, seized at the Custom House for under
valuation in the Invoice, were condemned yesterday
by default in the United Slates District Court, no
claimants appearing.
SUPREME COURT-SPECIAL TERM.
Imwyers Must Not Hilr Up Needless Lltlga
Before Judge Sutherland*
Cornelius Burling vs. Margaret King. ?The de
fendant employed toe plaintiff; a lawyer, to conduct
two salts for her, one for divorce and ine other for
a share of property standing in her husband's name,
but which she claimed as her own. By an alleged
written agreement she was to give him one-third
of the amount recovered, ai a subsequent
stage money was raised on mortgage to pay
him. The divorce suit was discontinued, the
other suit was compromised, and the plaintiff
brought suit tor tho oue-tnird Interest mentioned.
The defendant denied knowing anytning about tne
agreement, and she supposed all claims of Mr. Bur
ling were settled by tho mortgage. In his opinion
the Judge leans to the belief that the delendant did
make the agreement, knowing fully its nature; but
he decides against the plalutiff on other grounds.
He holds that the Court of Equity fs not bound to
enforce specific performance or a contract unless
the contract Is equitable, and tnat there was no
equitable consideration lor this agreement?a con
tract whioU would give him several tnousaud dol
lars additional to bis compensation for the sumo
services m tne same action. In his opinion tne
suits were brouirht to harass tne defendant into
some settlement, and the plaintiff took bold or the
suits with this view. Be believed It to bo tbe duty
ol a court of equity to preveut lawyers stirring up
neodiess litigations, and for this reason dismissed
the oompkunt.
SUPREME COURT?CHAiNSERL
Decisions.
By Judge Ingraham.
Anna C. Bursdaie et at. vs. The United states
Trust Company et at.?Motion denied.
Same vs. Daniel J. Smith.?Sumo.
A. T. Rogers vs. John L. Lands el a?.?Motion
granted.
William T. Rosenkran* vs. Sylvester P. Pierce et
of.?Motion denied; oosts to abide event.
Peter Ward et at. vs. AU x. U. Ward et at. ?Mo
tion granted.
rite Maurice Bank of Chicago vs. T. Van Brunt.?
Execution set aside.
William Redmond vs. Sarah U. Coffin.?Motion
granted. i
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS-SPECIAL TERM.
Decisions.
By judge Loew.
Bowman vs. Kei.ernan.?(toso settled.
Hannah McGivm vs. James McGiven.?Judgment
of divorce granted.
George Meckmnn vs. Minnie Hcdcmaru?Same.
By Judge Larreruore.
Agate vs. Morrison.?Allowance of two and a half
per oenc.
MARINE COURT-PART I.
liability of a Married Wonnn on a Note or
Oibor Contrnci?Important Decision.
Befoul Judge Joachlmsen.
Speclefiarat vs. TraXmrt ana lYtA*.?This was an
action to recover on a promissory note mode by t tie
defendants lot the sum of $300. Tho principal
ground of defenoe was that this note was void and in
operative against defeudaut, she being a married
woman at the time ot incurring the obligation, and
being the owner, separato and in her own right, of
a house and lot in tins city; that she went with nor
husband?tho co-dereudant?10 plaintiff and applied
to him for a loan of money, stating that It was
wanted to pay interest on a mortgage. The plaintiff
loaned the money, taking a note, which was subse
quently dishonored, it is now the settled law of
this Mate, by the operation of the Married Woman'a
act of 1890 and 186-', that a married woman has
legal eapaotty to make contracts of all kinds
binding upon her property as ir she were unmar
ried, and that- she mar be sued as if sbe were not
married. -The form ot the contract, its wordlug, Ac.,
Is Immaterial. Its effect Is the Important considera
tion. These acts restore to her a capacity and status of
being suijuris, which at common law she lost during
coverture. Marriage, as to the woman, uo longer
disables her from entering into any business or con
tract or obligation which at common law she can
make while single, and she is as amenable to the
judicial process as If she were nnmarrled. Iter
dealings do not involve her husband In liability
either as to person or estate, except where alio acts
for nun by his authority, tne same as if she were a
stranger and the marital relation did not subsist be
tween them. She Is a free agent and is held
answerable before every court by the usual
process lor the exercise ol mat liberty as if
she were unmarried. 1 can see no obstacle
lu law to defendant obtaining ume of payment lor
her husband by pledging generally a credit attach
ing to her as the owner ol a separate estate without
attempting to make the debt a specUlo charge or
lieu on any particular portion or her property. A
judgment upon such a contrnct, as far as she is con
cerned, can be enforced against her sole and sepa
rate property. The granting or an extension to fier
husband lor the payment of tho orlgiuai debt was a
sumclent consideration in law to uphold the obliga
tion as valid, provided she has tne capacity to enter
Into the contract; which 1 decide she has. I hold the
plaintiff to be entitled to judgment, which is ordered
accordingly.
COURT CAIERUAR?THIS OAT.
Supreme Court?Chambers ?Held by Judge
Brady.?Nos. fl, 14, 43, 60, 67, 70. 78.
Supreme Court?General Term?Held by Judges
Ingranam, Barnard and Cardozo.?Nos. 153, 164, 160,
163, 174, 176, 176, 177, 178, 170, 180, 181, 1S2, 183,
184, 136, 186. 187, 188, 101, 192, 103, 104. 106, 106.
Supreme Court?Circuit?Part 2? llclu by Judge
Vau Brunt.? NOS. IS, 101, 663, 1028, 326Jf, 169, 478,
445, 276, 321, 80, 109K, 847, 348, 840, 491, 403, 406.
Superior Court?'Trial Term?Part l?Held by
judge Mccunn.?Nos. 1161, 1846, 866, 869, 1211, 1233,
1241, 274, 843, 227, 1091, 270, 677, 789, 1146, 273.
Common Pleas?Trial term?Part l?field by
Judge J. F. Daly.?Nos. 893, 1028, 972, 1829. 68, 332,
1027, 727, 408, 467, 1128, 1X29, 1130, 1133, U84. Part
2?Held by Judge Larremore.?Nos. 946, 947, 1044,
1004, 1101, 1102, 1109, 847, 1044, 1301, 1802, 767,
1083X, 1040, 1007.
Marine Court?Trial Term?Part 2-Held by
Judgo Cross.?Nos. 7326, 6S6J, 6591, 6016, 7023, 7163,
7106, 7168, 71 TO, 7194, 7217, 7224, 7230, 7236, 7366,
7166, 7130. Part J?Ueid by Judgo Curtis?Nos. 7480,
7328, 6046, 7613, 7230, 7076, 8053, 7917, 7938, 7964,
7966, 8066k 8067, 8069, S060, 8069,
CPURT oTAPPEALS SuCROAR.
Albanv, N. Y? Nov. 20,1871.
The following Is the Court of Appeals day calen
dar for November 21;?Nos, 370. 348, 372, 366, 876,
408, 409, 413.
SHOCKING ACCIDENT ON A FERRYBOAT.
As the uoboken ferryboat James Ramsey wee
leaving the slip at the foot of Barclay street yester
day morning the fireman, Patrick Anthony, who
was engaged in cleaning the machinery, was
?truck in the head by the key of the walking
beam, and his brains were dashed out.
Tho engineer Is in no way to blame, Inasmuch as
he had been signalled to start the engine, aud little
dreamed that Anthony was In snch danger. The
lU-ffated man was thirty-five years of age and leaves
a wife and lamlly at the corner of Prospect aud
Bontn Eighth streets, Jersey City. The body lay
yesterday at the ferry Superintendent's office.
ACCIDENT ON TIB NBW YORK CENTRAL
RAILROAD.
AUBURN, N. Y? NOV. 20, 1871,
Peank Bona, a trackman on the New York Central
Railroad, was ran over by the ears yesterday morn
ing and instantly killed. Michael Barry, who was
with Barns on a hand ear, had one of ms legs
broken and received some severe bruises.
A CHURCH DE8TB0YBD THROUGH A GAS
EXPLOSION.
Binohamton, N. Y., Nov. 80, 1871.
The Methodist Episcopal choreh at Croat Bend,
Pa.*, was burned at half-past seven o'clock last
evening. The fire is supposed to have been caused
by the explosion of the gas meter. TIM lose U
113,999; mauiaoce. ft&ogfc
A DESPERADO SENTENCED.
The Keeper of a House of III Fame Gets Ten
Years in the State Prison?Fear*
ful Record of Crime.
A ruffianly looking fellow named Charles Monell,
was indicted at the General sessions yesterday, do*
fore Judgo Bedford, lor felonious assault. The
prisoner's left coat sleeve was empty, the arm hav
ing been lost through injuries received In one of his
previous midnight assaults. He glared at the Court
and the Jury like a wild beast.
A DESPERATB CHARAOTBR.
The complainant, a young man named Patrick
Connolly, testified that a girl requested him to
take away her trunk from the house of 111 fame
kept l>r the prisoner at No. 14 Dover street. He
called In tne evening ana was angrily ordered by i
the prisoner to "clear out." As be was on the 1
stoop outside he heard cries of "Ran I he Is after
yon with a bottle," and, seeing the prisoner rushing
oat so armed, the complainant ran away, notly pur
sued by the prisoner, who In the meantime bad
dropped the bottle and opened a knife. While com
plainant was dodging around the corner the pris
oner tnrost the knife between his ribs as Tar as It
could go, ftliy three Inches and the doctor told
oomplainant he had a wonderful escape from death.
Complainant admitted ou cross-examination that
he struck prisoner In the face Inside the house.
SUSPICION OP MURDER.
The prisoner represented that he only used the
knlTe in self-defence. He admitted to the Dptrlct
Attorney that he bad been arrested for keeping a
disorderly house, for assaults and on suspicion of
having thrown a man overboard at tne dock and
drowning hlui; but, he added triumpbaully, "they
couldn't prove it."
OUlcer Musgrove testified that on the night of his
arrest tne prisoner usaed it the complainant was
uead, and being answered "No," lie said, "I'm
d d sorry I didn't cut his throat aud finish him;"
wituess was told that the prisoner bad beaten a gU'1
In his house on the nlgfit of tins occurrence.
The prisoner was convicted oi assault with Intent
to kill.
ofllcer Musgrove then Informed the Court that
tbe prisoner was an ex-convict iroui Boston, and has
kept a house ot prostitution aud a resort of all
sorts of bad characters in tms city, aud bad been
several times arrested for larceny aud other of
fences.
SENTENCE BY JUDGE BEDFORD.
Judge Bedford, In passing sentence, said:?
Moneil, on the Uih of October, lsio, the District
Attorney arraigned you at this bar for keeping a dis
orderly house, and you pleaded guilty rind pledged
your word that you would aoaudou the busluess;
but It seems that you merely abandoned that place
and immediately set up ousiness m another house.
To my mind the most contemptible aud despicable
object ol immunity is the man who Is so utterly de
praved as to keep a low house of prostitution. Tour
record Is very bud; you are uu ex-couvict, and you
Know It as well as the oillcer who savs so, lu order
to teach all such vidians as you, who maltreat po <r,
fallen women and keep deus of miauiy, to which
thieves and all bad characters resort, every man
like you, who is legitimately convicted, shall have
the same late which you now meet with, which is
imprisonment in the state 1'rlson for ten yelrs.
other business in the corar?one moue chance.
Tuomas Kowhn wns arraigned at the bar, charged i
with sinking his wi'.e upon the head with a piece
of irou oil the 2otu of October, aud pleaded guilty to
an assamt wlin a dangerous weapon. The Injured
wile interceded for Uer brutal "protector," staling
thai ho beat uer tvueu drunk aud whuu sober, and
that she had seat him to the Penitentiary for mal
treating her; "but," she added, lor God's sake,
Judge, give htm one more chance!"
Judge Bedford, in addressing Rowlln, said:?
"There Is no excuse for vout orutui treatment of
your wile, wiipm you do hot appreciate, sne puts
M d pied, lor Qo.1'3 Soke to give you another oppor
tunity.1 shall give you a chance lor her sake; bat
If ever you raise your u mil aguitpii uer 1 wih send
you to the Mate Prison for five years.
A YOUTH SENT TO THE HOUSE OF REFUGE FOR
STABBING A C1TUEN.
Frocierlck Ohsse, a boy fifteen years old, was tried
and convicted or an assault wuu a dangerous
weapon, the evidence having established tue fact
that on the 19th or September he indicted a wound
upon Johu field, widen resulted m the loss of one
or his eyes. The youth wus sent to the House of
Refuge to be confiued there till be is twenty-one
years of age.
HEAVY LARCENY IN A NEWBUKO nOYEL.
Frank Colemau pleaded guilty to grand larceny,
the indict moat charging i hat, on tiro lsth of July,
he BJoio two worth or silverware, $200 worth of
ctgJ.s and wine aud i6J0 worth ot wearing apparel
Irora a hotel In Sewi.urg, kept by Julia Sakowsky.
The prisoner wfcen arres'od admitted that he stole
a part of the property and brought it to this city,
lie was remanded for sentence.
A riCKI'OCKKr PLEADS GUILTY.
James Johnson, charged with taking a stiver
watch front .Michael Dully on the ?ld of October,
i>y loroi'. pleaded guilty to potty larceny iroin iho
person and was remanded till Wednesday.
THE SUL-NXD VOl't'liXKH.
it was gom-rahv understood that the argument of
counsel on a motion to quash tbe indictment for
burglary against ilsgerty and Baujch, charged
wiui stealing vouohe; s from the Comptroller's office,
would be made bctore the City .Judge yesterday
morulng. In consequence of a heavy calender of
prison cases having been prepared for Monday and
some of tbe witnesses being kept in tne floose of
Detention, District Attorney Garvin and the conn
Bel ogreeu to postpone Uie argument tiu next Fri
day. A large number of ca>ca were postponed,
tbo police odlcors failing to answer, having been
detailed on speciul duiy in connection witn the re
ception of the Russian Prince.
THE JACKSON HOMICIDE.
Close of the Investigation?Introducing Disre
putable Women Into a Respectable House.
The case of Mr. Charles Q. Jackson, who was
f&tallj injured by being struck on the head with a
stove cover liltcr during a quarrel with Samuel
Illnman, at No. 30 East Fourteenth street, was con
cluded yesterday afternoon before Coroner Young.
The assault grew out of the fact that deceased,
while under the influence or liquor, Introduced two
male filends and three lewd women to the house of
bis friend, Mr. L. Latham, and subsequently as
saulting Mrs. Latnnm, In order to provoke a quar
rel with Hinmon. Below will be found a report of
the case.
Allen Latham, of No. 80 East Fourteenth street,
deposed mat deceased nad uecn in his employ as
clerk, bat some months ago went to England, and
subsequently returned with considerable money,
which he bad inherited In Ireland; he drank nard,
and by request took a room with the witness and
continued to drink to excess; on tho evening of the
81 st ultimo the witness returned home rrom Brook
lyn and learned that there bau been a difficulty In
the house with deceased ana Mr. Hlnman, a part
ner of tne witness; deceased, on being
asked the qoesuon, con/eased that he
had brought improper women Into the
bouse, and promised not to do so again;
on the night of the occurrence deceased said In
striking Mrs. Latham he did not intend to Injure
her, bat only to aggravate lilnmau; deceased was a
very dangerous man when intoxicated; Mr. tlinman
told the witness that Jackson came at him with a
cane In his hand and murder in his oye, and fearing
person%| injury at paodsbe struck him ou the
bead wuft the handle of a stove."
Kit-hard Rogers, oi 811'niou square, deposed that
be was in deceased's company on the 81st ultimo; in
talking a walk may met Anna Cozrens and all went to
a saloon on Thirteenth street; deceased while there
met other women, and at deceased's solicitation
all went to his room, a Mr. Bbarp being oi the num
ber; there they took some sherry, and while there
deceased weut Into another room, and there had a
wraugle with Mr. Illnman, but saw no blows struck;
dcoessed disliked Mr. Uinman very much; deceased
told the witness that he bad taken improper women
to the house on two or three occasions; deceased
was very offensive ana quarrelsome when intoxi
cated: have seen two ot tue girls since in the street;
one of them said she had seen the newspaper re
port* regarding the occurrence; the wit
nets assisted in separating deceased and Din
man. bat saw no biowt struck with weapons.
Oliver D. Goldsmith, who occupies rooms at 30
East Fourteenth street, heard a loud noise In the
house on the night in question, and looking down
saw a man, apparently a man badly frightened, ran
down stairs crying "Pollee," and soon saw-Jacksdn
follow in pursuit with a caue or iron rod in ula
hand: saw two man follow htm and go out, soon
Mrs. Latham came oat of her room with her dress
toru ami bloody; Jackson soon returned and was
let in by witness; be was intensely excited, and
with two men entered the hallway; deceased was
requested to go up stairs and wash the blood from
his fsoe.
Rouen Sharp, of No. 80 Great Jones street, met
deceased on the evening of the 31st ult., and ?,olnj
up Broadway met some women; went to a place la
Thirteenth street, where they all drank; tne three
women drank milk punch and what else suited
them; went to another saloon in llulversliy place
and had more drinks: they all went rrom there to
Jaekaon's room, and Jackson went luto another
room lor a wlue glass, and while there lie ant a row;
the witness then went into the room and heard Mrs.
Latham sag, "lou ought not to bring such women
bore," to wnlch he replied, "They are as good
as yon are?you are a deceased used
oflcnsive language toward Human, and then tuej
a &B(1 blows were srruek; previous M
whlcn Jackson slapped Mrs. Latham in (he t'ooo:
Jackson also said to Hlmnan, "You God damned
Jew bound l now I will make you light;" Mm.
Latham became verr mnca excited and wanted to
call the po.lce; witness quieted nor by sarlng that
It would be all over in a few moments; think If 1
had been In Hluman's place I should have struck
Jackson; he was a tantalizing man, but did not con
sider him dangerous; deceased was about Ave days
after the assault before going to the hospital;
deoeased had no excuse lor assaulting Mrs. Latham;
be only did It to make Ilhiman tight.
Anna Co/sens, a woman living at KB West Thirty
sixth street, deposed that she was acquainted with
deceased, and went to his ro >m several times, both
afternoon and evening; saw him on the evening of
the 31st ultimo, aud after t king somothiug to drink
at two places went into ins room; heard no protest
against going to Jackson's room; saw deceased go
into another room aud saw him and another man in
his slilrt sleeves having a quarrel; Jackson was put
out or the room and the door locked; Jackson burst
the door open and there was more duiiculty; saw a
lady there who seemed badly frightened.
Mrs. Allen Latham testified that Jackson entored
her room twice for a corkscrew and goblets; he
went ont and returned again and commenced
quarrelling with Mr. Hinman, calling him an ac
cursed Jew, a coward, crushed Ms bat and then
struck Mrs. Latnuiu across the face and said to
jacKson, "There, resent that;" they then had a
clinch, during whlcutne witness saw illnuian with a
stove cover lilter In his band and deceased had an
uplifted oane, but saw no blows struck with the
weapoiis; deceased was ordered out of the room,
bat he refused, sarlng "The room belongs to me
and 1 will not go."
Mrs. Ann Moxley. of T2 University place, de
posed that she called on deceased after he was In
jured, ana he acknowledged that he was In the
wrong In the quarrel, and attributed It to his uu
f[overitable temper when under the influence of
uiuor.
The case was given to the Jury, who rendered the
following
verdict:
"That Charles O. Jackson came to his death from
fracture of the skull ?v a blow on the head inflicted,
as we bebeve, by a stove cover lilter in tbe hands or
Satunei Hiniuan at 30 East Fourteenth street, on the
31st day of October, 1871, and we believe that said
Hinman acted nuder great provocation, and bad no
intent to take life."
Mr. Hinman will be required to give ball to await
tbe action oi the Grand Jury.
YACHTING} PHIZES.
Tbe Clab and Oncers' Prizes for tbe Wlanlng
Boats iu the Bayonne Yacht Clab Regatta?
Dote of Presentation.
Among ail the spirited regattas, match races and
contests for the America's Cup held in our harbor
during the past season, yachtsmen will not
forget the exciting annual regatta of the
Bayonne Yacht Club, which took place on
Thursday, July 27. The number of competing boats
In the several classes was much larger than ever
before baa enlivened the waters about the old start
ing point, off Pamrapo, N. J., aud from the signal of
departure ufttll the last tiny craft had reaohed home
the Interest and excitement never lagged, but was
kept alive by enthusiastic, rollicking Bailors and
bright-eyed women.
The satisfaction experienced and the suocess at
tending this aquatic reunion so elated tbe officers
of the club that thoy at once concluded that the
prizes should be in character and keeping with the
occasion, and these, five in number, were finished a
week ago at the manufactory of Mr. Joseph Wlen
hold, Broadway, and are now on exhibition in the
show window, No. 711 samo thoroughfare,
from whloh they will be taken to-mor
row (Wednesday), and daring the evening
presented to the eager yachtsmen, who will grate
luily receive the beautiful specimens of skilful Tabor,
in looking at tho prizes one is struck with the
original design and unique ornamentation of each,
which suggests the pleasures of the fasotnating
pastime of yaclulng and all the vague, subtle
romance of the sea, fresh breezes and tossing spray.
They are of solid gold, with one exoeptlon, which Is
p stiver cup, and are In the lorin of badges, executed
In mounted work.
First on the list In size Is the officers' prize, won
by the Kaiser wilheira I., Mr. George A. Bellng. A
delicately Wrought small sea shell snrmonnts the
broad plate, with the suitable engraved Inscription
thereon to the winning vessel, and beneath which
coils of rope entwine on either side of a circle
around the tails of dolphins, wnlch are exquisitely
connected by a shell and anchor at the extremity of
the badge. In the centre of tbls uniquely lormed
circle is a fine representation of the Kaiser WH
heim on the open ocean, with her white sails ren
dered very effective by being made of platina, the
whole affair, in point of finish and execution, being
perfect.
The club prize for the Sophia, Mr. 0. N. Felt,
next In size, is of tho same shape as the above,
but essentially different design. A massive Ameri
can eagle, wild outspread wings, rests supremely
on the inscription bar. which Is connected by
a block engraved with a large old English 8,
suspending a circle, ou tne sides of which, sitting
cro -s-legged on coils of rope, srsjolfy sailors, smok
ing pipes and each holding an oar. These figures
are so won modelled as to suggest tha vs'eran sea
man and his lree-and-ensy life, in blissful forgetful
ness of storm and danger. Bcneatn this circle, and
forming the base of the badge, are exquisite shells
s, which fiiiisn it appropriately,
in the circle, as with the others, is the yacht, under
full sail, on the ocean.
'Ihe third prize, for tbe Bella, Mr. N. W. Oaryca.
Is different from either of the above, the surmount
ing bird of freedom holding by his claws the in
scription bar and a perfect miniature ship's oabie
ami anchors, which support the circle holding tho
yacht. It matches the others tor grace of design
and delicacy of linislu A smaller badge of tho same
design is tho prize (or the Blossom, Mr. E. H.
Thompson.
The cup is for the Kaiser Wilhclm I? and Is
a beautiful piece of silver work with an orna
mental gilt handle and richly gilt inside finish,
while bands of gold are about its top aud base. Tho
surlaco represents an aquarium, where gold fishes
arc swimming in a wealth or waters?the whole be
ing executed with rnnch skill anu taste.
Altogether these prizes form a fine collection,
ami are worthy oi the Ubcrai-tmadcd officers of tbe
Bayonne Yacht Club.
YACHTING IN ENGLAND.
Mr. Aabbury'a New Yacht.
On November 8, at his yard, at West Cowcs, Mr.
M. Ratsey, ttie builder ot the Cambria and the
Livonia, laid down a new sixty-ton racing cotter for
Mr. Ash bury. At present her namo has not been
decided on; in all probability Bbe will
be christened the Columbia, in commem
oration or her owner's recent visit to
America, Her model is a very splendid
one, and she will be, it is anticipated, one of the
fastest cotters afloat. Her proposed dimensions
aro:?Beam, 14 leet 4 inches; length (rom stem to
stern post, 09 feet; she will draw 10 feet 9 Inches of
water. Mr. Ratsey is Use wise building a cutter of
loo tons for count Batthyany, and one of 40 tous
for Mr. Frelre: while Mr. John White, of the Medina
Docks, West Cowes, has on the stocks a schooner
ol 104 or 105 tons for Mr. J. V. Lee, of Northwood
Dark, Commodore of the New Thames vacht Club,
who has sold his yacht the Nettle.
THE PACIFIC COAST.
The IXeraee Hawee Ceatestcd Will Case?
The Teatater Comparing Himself with JTesue
Christ?The Honoma Stage Robbers?Severe
Gales en the Northwest Coast.
San Francisco, Nov. IT, 18T1.
The steamer Montana, whian sailed for Panama
to day, carried merchandise to the value of $127,000,
mainly for New York, including 10,000 gallons of
wine.
The trial of the Horace Hawes contested will case
Is progressing In the Probate Court. Tne testator
practically disinherited his wife and daughter,
giving a considerable sum 10 his son and the
balk of the remainder to foond the Mount Eden
University, under terms which render the project
impracticable. The widow contests the will on the
ground of the insanity of the testator, and the
evidence to that effect is very strong indeed. Tne
case, on acconnt of the great extent of the estate
and the notoriety of tne deceased, attracts great
attention.
Tne testimony shows that the testator was
for years a monomaniac on the subject of money
and his wife, accusing her of most infamous crimes
and attempts to poison him. without the slightest
reason. He oompared himself to Jesus Christ, and
imagined himseli the greatest benefactor of the
human race. The general opinion is that the WU1
will be broken.
Mining stocks?Ely, T?; Belcher, 809; Hale and
Norcross, 109; Eureka ooasottdated, S8Jtf; Cbollar,
aox; crown Point, mo; Yellow Jacket, 68)4; Could
and Curry, 96X; Ravage, 46.
John Brown, Lodi Brown and John Hoax, the
Sonoma stage robbers and murderers, have been
held for trial. Houx turned state's evidence, and
?avs there wan nineteen in the gang, but one was
killed in a recent attack on a stage. Officers are
now in pursuit of tne remainder of the gang.
A severe gale wag experienced on the northern
coast on Monday last. The steamer John L. Ste
phens narrowly escaped being wrecked. The
United States steamer shuoriok was driven Mhorg
and badly damaged at Astoria*
THAT BLACK FRIDAY.
Jay Gould and Jim Fisk, Jr., Asked to
Clear Up a Little Gold Transaction.
Myiteriee and Miseries of Gold Speculations
How Things Are Dons on the Street, in ths
Gold Boom aqd in the Clearing Hones?
Further Developments Expected.
An Important case referring to gold transact tons
on September 24, 1*09, better known as "lilacs Fri
day." came up tor trial yesterday before Judge
McCunn in the Superior Court. Tne Interest felt in
the cane attracted a large attendance. The com
plainants in the case are Isaac O. Davis, John A.
Macphcrson and John Bonner, and defeudanta
Henry A. Smith, Jay Gould, Henry H. Martin, Jamaa
B. Bach and James Fisk, Jr. The
ALLEGATIONS IN TIIB COMPLAINT
set forth that at the time meotlonou the defendants
were copartners la this city as broker* and stock
and gold dealers under the tlrm name or .smith,
Gould, Martin A Co.; that on the 23d or September,
1808, the plaintiffs, Davis A Maopherson, agreed
to pay and deliver to the defendants $25,000
in gold, for whion the defendants agreed
to pay $35,687 50 in currency; that tho
plaintiffs bought the gold and tendered tho
same; but the defendants wnolly refused to rocelve
the same, or any part thereof, or to pay the cur
rency, as agreed, or any part thereof, and that OS
acooant of said refusal they suffered a pecuniary
loss of $8,260, for wntch sum, with interest, Judg
m nt is demanded. Tne defeaoo is a general denial
of the above allegations. Messrs Judge, Everett,
Stickney and Whipple appeared for the plaintiffs and
Messrs. Beach ami Field lor the defendants.
ALBERT BPEYIR ON TUB STAND.
This well-known broker was called as a witness
On his direct examination he descrioed gold
vouchers. When be mono a purchase of gold he
gave a gold ticket. Tins ticket was signed by his
bookkeeper under a g ucral power of attorney. He
received- in cxcliangi from tho party purchasing
eversed; the ticket
a similar ticket, wltii tho order reversed;
is then sent to the Clearing House, and except there
Is a balance of gold It is not delivered otherwise
than by exchange or tiokets; he tinuks he received
a ticket from Davis in ibis transaction; It was ac
cording to the course of bun: .ess to receive such
ticket from Davis ,1c Co.; If such ticket was received
It was sent to the Clearing House; ho did not tender
the currency and had none furnished by the defend
ants lor that purpose; tho custom is, In clearing
gold for the broker, not to name the principal un
less he is a member ol the Clearing House.
Cross-examine I?Has boon a broker lour or Ave
rents before this transaction; ho carried with bint
a memorandum boox, in wuich bis transactions In
gold were entered; me course of business is to
watch tho purchases In thu Hoard, and this gold
was purchased there; he was dealing under the
rules of the Board; lie could not state Who was the
party who inadu or accented the bid lu tins trans
action; had no recolleotlou of the person from
whom the purchase was made; in his memorandum
book was tho entry, "J, O. Davis, $26,000, 142)$:"
ho did not personally know whether the part
ners of Davis participated In the pur
chase; by tho custom of the Board be did
not expect to make actual delivery of
the gold, but only a settlement through the balance
sheet of tho Clearing House; cannot say that he
sent in a balance sheet On Friday, don't know how It
stopd. or whether it was largely against htm; did
iiol know li Davis had the gold to deliver, and don't
know if he ever tendered it; hah no knowledge If
auytbiug was done toward the performance of |ka
contract after tne exchange of the Clearing 1,'em
tickets; was purchasing most on Thursday, and at
a great variety of prices; at Hie time of the pur
chase 142K was the market price; when the par
ensso Is made the expiration of the time to en
change tickets depends on when the gold la to be
delivered.
an okdxr ran eternititb.
Q. If a man asks you to-day to bur a million dol
lars of gold do you consider that this order expiree
that day? A. No, sir.
Q. How long does the order continue 7 A. It does
not terminate.
<j. It continues, then, several days7 A. There is
no end toil.
y. Then It continues forever? A. It continues ttU
tiie business Is completed.
ti. Too were examined on this subject before a
Congressional committee, I believe? A. Tea, sir.
Q. Did vou not state then that all your purchases
on the 23d of September, i860, of gold were on
account of Mr. Beiden. and that the purchases on
the next day were ou accouut of Jay Gould and
Jumcs Flak, Jr. A. 1 may have said so, but it wag
a mistake.
Q. in this printed report appears an acconnt of
some conversation with Mr. Flax at the Grand
Opera Hoose. In which yon state that Mr. Fisk told
you to go on, tt was all right 7 A. The conversa
tion was when i wont to Air. Fisk for margins; I
have no suoh thing ou my memoranda.
When you made these purchases an Xhamdny
\kt\
you the orders? a. Borne J sent that day
next morning.
fisx's orders.
Flak told me to boy two miliums ot gold; 1 asked
him tri should bay on the street, and he said yesi
Mr. Beiden came Into the oMoe and told me to buy
all 1 could get; 1 bought ou his aocoont between
lour and Ave millions of golu.
q. How much gold did you buy on Thursday 7 A*
About Ave millions.
.dOlTLD AS A TALKER.
8, Did Gould Kay anything A. He nodded.
Did he not apeak at all 7 A. Not a word; only
noided.
<j. What did that moan 7 A. Tea.
Did Mr. Fisk say anything 7 A. Oh, yes.
_ Well, what r A. 1 told him I could not loan
out two millions of gold; Fisk then asked Mr. Heath
to take one million and Mr. Smith the other million.
By Mr. Field?Did not the Gold Exchange Bank
fail on Friday 7 A. H ceased some of Its unctions.
At the closing of his testimony tno witness was
told to bring Ins books into court. lie replied that
they would fill a car. or two, but was Informed that
would make no difference and that no uiust pro
duce them.
TESTOfOVT or S. MATHEWS.
Mr. B. Mathews, sworu, testified that he waa as
sistant ca-mi n In the Gold Exchange Bank. He
described the routine of business at the bank.
On tiu cross-examination be testified that the bank
did no; clear all the transactions of Black Friday:
no statement was received rrom Mr. Bpeyer: he was
not prepared to say whether the statemun of Darts
k Co. was thrown ottU His remaining testimony
was In explanation or the dinerenee between the
Clearing; House department and the banking depart
ment, which woto sepnrate and distinct.
Tne testimony or Joiui O. Davis was also read,
showing that the sale of $26,000 gold at 142* had
been made to tpeyors.
MH. SPETKR8 RBCALI.BO.
This gentleman having, meantime, had hU books
brought into court, was again pat on the stand. He
testified that Beiden had toid htm repeatedly that
his business associates were Kisk, Gould aud Smith.
This was told him on Wednesday. Tne entry made
on his nooks to Bcldon individually was made by nts
clerk, and was sub-e jueutly altered so as to lnciudo
the otner parties to the suit. This correction was
no: made from any new knowledge he had gained
as to who were the parties engaged in these gold
transactions, but the moment he saw the book he
discovered his clerk's mistake. Considerable time
wee spent overhauling the entries in his book.
William B. Wesicott, secretary of the Gold Board,
was called to givo testimony as to signatures of
members or the Board to the original constitution,
which was produced In Court He was also ques
tioned at length an to the rules and customs govern
ing the Board In Its purchases and sales.
the Court here adfoumed tui this morning; when
the trial will bo resumed.
FOREIGN SCIENTIFIC BOTES*
The German Government Asia Minor Exploration
Ex' (edition has limited Its operations chiefly to the
Trosd, proceeding to the Smyrna district sad visit
ing Epncsos. In the beginning of October Proles*
?ofs Curtius. Adler and others left for Athena,
The completion of the submarine cables of the
Great Northern' Company between the Russian
shores of the Pacific, Nagasaki and Shanghas has
already been announced. The land lines from 8k
Petersburg to Wladiwostok (Posstette Buri, a dis
tance of nearly six tu ousand miles, are also com
plete, bnt tue instruments aud working staff are not
yet ready for a pressure of messages.
The imperial PntJio Library at St. Petersburg has
begun to print a catalogue of the section "Russioa,"
winch includes a very complete collection of worn
on Russia In all languages, fonnded by Baron at
Korti, the late director of the library. The catalogue
win form two volumes, and will contain from 20,000
to 30,000 titles, tne letter A including 1.000 and the
letter B more than 2,000.
Among tne pic' area which have new been brought
back to the Louvre some have been Injured by their
journey to Brest, and or these the moat injured are
reported to be Lesuour's masterpiece, "St. Paul
Preaching at Rpnetua," and the large paintings by
Lebrun, "Tho rmtry of Alexander Into Babylon"
and the "Passage of the Granicua."
Fourteen specimens of living animals are saM tb
have been collected by Professor Cope from the
celebrated dark oaves or Kentucky. These are all?
flslt, reptiles and cruatsces?deprived of MgM?
owing to the entire abeenoe ot light, bat the organs
of hearing are stated to be very highly sensitive. A
formal report on this lavastigauoa is afeeetiy to ho
made.
The attempted applications of science to the nssfhl
purposes of lifo may be supposed to bo represented
by the returns or the Patenlwbmce. In UT0 8,406
applications were made tor letters patent, aim
patents were parsed and 2,140 specifications filed;
the number or applications lapsed was 1,2*, and
patents void through the neglect of the patentees
were 40. This Indicates considerable activity In the
Inventive mind; bnt whether ltcnn be considered
ao a wutiheWJ piwi oi otwm u dewftife