IP*
ELKTOX, NOVEMBER 11, ISII.
'jg~ Mr. John C. Hindman is our regu
larly authorized Agent and Collector to
procure subscriptions and advertising for
The Whig.
LOCAL AFFAIRS.
Local Miscellany.—The Elktou Building
Society will meet to-night.
Gone up—Cecil Democracy.
A light affair—The torchlight procession
of the Democracy Saturday night—one-half
bojs.
The higeit man on his ticket—James M.
Evans.
The number of boats of all kinds passing
through the canal, east and west, during
the month of October was 1010.
The remains of Mrs. Matlaek, wife of
Rev. Dr. Matlaek, of New Orleans, are to j
be interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery, near i
Philadelphia.
A novel sight—To see a Lyon wheeling
a wheelbarrow through the street, with a
man on it. The spectacle was witnessed
in Port Deposit on Wednesday.
155,000 tons of coal passed eastward,
through the Chesapeake Delaware canal,
during the months of September and Octo
ber, most of it going to New York and
places on the Hudson river.
Symbolical of Cecil Democracy—That
broken down vehicle which was found under
its Constitution and victory;” the culti
vator at the door of the Clerk’s office beto
kened that it needed weeding out; and
the stump extractor, a little to the north of
the Court House and offices, symbolized
that not a Stump should be left.
Old bacon chopped fine and fed to chick
ens, is said to be sure cure for the cholera.
The churches in Middletown Del., have
given $5lO to Chicago.
The Wilmington Commercial and Prof.
Jules Macheret, A. M., have each decided
that the severe shock experienced several
weeks since, was “not an earthquake,”
but a discharge of electricity, a great dis
tance from the earth. We beg leave to
differ from these wise philosophers, and
give it as our opinion, that it was a quaked
earth.
Alf Burnett, the popular humorist, gave
two exhibitions in the Hall, on Thursday
and Friday night. Thursday evening’s
entertainment was greeted by a crowded
house, and came off with the usual brilliant
success. We go to press on Friday evening
too soon to speak of that eveuings's enter
tainment; but we hazzard nothing in pro
nouncing in advance on its side splitting
merits.
Lectnre.—James Manley will give a lec
ture, iu Providence Church, in Elktou, on
Monday night, the 13th, iust. Subject—
the power of Scripture. Admittance 10
cents.
Dedication.—On the 19th inst., Bouldcn’s
Church will be dedicated to the worship
and service of Almighty God. Rev. H. S.
Thompson, of Elkton, will preach on the
occasion. Service at 2 j o’clock.
Death of an Aged Minister—At Cecil
ton, on Friday, the 3d inst., Rev. Christo
pher Jones, died, in his 76tlf year. The
deceased was a local preacher of the A. 31.
Church, and was highly respected and
esteemed by all who knew him.
Religions.—The Third Quarterly Sleet
ing for Elk Neck Charge, will be held at
Wesley Chapel, Saturday and Sabbath, the
18th and 19th inst. Quarterly Conference
Saturday, 2p. m. Preaching Sabbath, 2 j
p. m., by Rev. J. D. Curtis, P. E.
Extra meeting services will commence
at Hart’s Chapel, next Sabbath, 12th.
Fatal Accident—Capt. Elijah K. Ale, of
Salem, was killed on board the sloop Edwin,
while in Rogue’s Harbor, Elk River, Sid.,
on Saturday night 28th ult. While low
ering a sail, the wind being stiff, a coil of
rope connected therewith was made to sud
denly uncoil, and being entangled in the
windlass crank threw it high in the air, and
in its descent it fell violently upon Capt.
Ale’s head, crushing in his skull and af
flicting a painful and fatal wound. He
died the next morning, and his remains
were taken on to Salem for interment. The
captain was advanced in years, and this
was the first trip out which he had made
for some time.— Wit. Commercial.
Sale of RealjEstafe.—Sir. G. W. Childs,
of the Public Ledger, has purchased the farm
of W. G. Carter adjoining Marloy Paper
Mill, for $14,000 Cash.
On Thursday last the real estate of D.
E. Burton, was sold at Trustee’s sale at the
Court Heuse. The property consisted of
three dwellings houses and a store house.
No. 1 the throe storied frame dwelling on
Main street at present occupied by Sirs.
Young, sold for $4,075. Purchaser John
Perkins Jr., of Elkton, No. 2 and 3 con
sisting of a two storied frame on the corner
of Main street and “Collins’ Lane,” and
a double tenant house in the rear, fronting
on the “Lane,” were offered separately
and afterward together, aud were sold un
der the latter arrangement for $3,025; Mr.
James Slerrey purchaser, who held a mor
gage on the property. The largo new glass
front store house was started at $4,000;
but no other bids being made was with
drawn.
CHESAPEAKE CITY ITESIS.
Religiout. —Rev. Mr. Beal, of St, Georges,
Del., and Rev. Sir. Slallery, of the Presby
terian Church, of this town, exchanged
pulpits on last Sabbath morning aud even
ing.
Installation. —The following officers of
Chesapeake Lodge, I. O. G. T., were in
stalled by W. T. Reed L. D., on Slonday
night last, W. C. T., W. Sir. Reed; VV. V.
T., Laura Wortz; W. C., J. H. Brooks;
W. 8., Franklin Conrey; W. F. S., EllaC.
Reed; W. F., John Smith; W. SI., Sallie
Buskerk; W. I. G., Susie Fillingame; W.
O. G., Cbas. Brooks.
Tournament. —The grand Tournament,
which came ff on Bohemia Manner on the
2d., for the relief of Chicago sufferers, ap
pears to have been a grand failure, so far
as the sufferers were concerned; and wound
up in a grand supper, a grand hop, and a
grand drunk.
Political. —The election passed off very
tjjilet in Chesapeake last Tuesday. No
_-riotous demonstrations or disorderly con
duct, with heavy Republican gains in the
District, which accounts, perhaps, for the
very quiet and orderly election.
Improcement. —Sir. J. H. Steele is hav
ing his grain warehouse altered and other
wise improved, which will add considera
ble to it* appearance.
Run aground.— The steamer Henry L.
Oaw, ran aground in Back Creek on Thurs
day night of last week, and on account of
low tides was compelled to remain for sev
eral days.
—m
ZION ITEMS.
Game must be abundant, judging from
the amount of ammunition purchased here,
and the almost constant firing around the
neighborhood.
Pork. —The quantity raised seems pretty
large. Price thought to be m,.'11.
Corn Crop large, and the cribbing pro
gressing rapidly.
tSfGo or send—for your Fall Clothe* to
Wanamabcr Brown’s. 1
PORT DEPOSIT ITEMS.
—The election has passed, and the result
is certainly gratifying to the Republicans.
Ten hundred and sixty-six (100(11 names
wore ou our registry list, of whom eight
hundred and eighty-nine (889) voted. All
was quiet until after the polls closed.—
About midnight, a few fellows, who are
always rowdies when in liquor, sought a
disturbance with some colored men in front
of the polls, but were saved a deserved
thrashing by a few advisory words aud the
good sense of the colored people.
—On Wednesday afternoon one result of
the election was exhibited. An agreement
had been made between Win. T. Lyon,
I Democrat, and E. Konnard Reynolds, Re
publican, that if Tome carried Cecil, Lyon
was to wheel Reynolds from Cook’s store
to Rock Run and return; if Whyte carried
the county Reynolds was to wheel Lyon.—
1 The whole distance is two miles. After
I dinner our band marched down to Nickle’s
j coach factory, followed by a boy driving a
wheelbarrow, which was decorated with
i perhaps fifty small flags; on the left walked
Lyon; on the right Reynolds, with a wreath
of evergreen. Returning to Cook’s store,
i Reynold's took his seat, and Lyon the han
dies, and wheeled the race set before them,
followed by a crowd of children and blacks,
while all the town turned out to see the
show.
—The mercury has been down to 32°
on two mornings, and ice has been formed.
NORTH EAST ITESIS.
New Building!. —The brick work of Sir.
Alfred Ford’s now dwelling is rapidly ap
proaching completion, under the contract
and superintendency of Sir. John Sleekens.
Sir. S. SI. Atkinson’s fine new frame dwel
ling, is also nearly finished. These im
provements will greatly add to the appear
ance of our Main street.
The Election. —The election ou Tuesday
last was a remarkably quiet one, duo in a
great measure, to the legal closing of all
drinking saloons and tavern bar rooms.
Local Option. —The just and righteous
principle of legislation, which grants to
each and every community, whether coun
ty, district or burrougb, the privilege of
deciding by local election, whether license
for the sale of spiritous liquors therein shall
be granted or not, is attracting the atteu
tion of many of our citizens at present.—
This is the true method of dealing with
the license question.
Cold Weather.— On Tuesday, election
day, the weather was clear aud cold, on
Wednesday monring there was ice one
fourth inch in thickness, aud the ground
frozen.
Gunning. —the gunners find rabbits very
plenty, partridges rather scarce, and wild
ducks are being killed in large numbers.
PILOT TOWN ITESIS.
Accident. —Sit. Joseph Roman’s horse
took fright at some dogs, at Grubb's cor
ner on Sabbath evening, and ran away,
throwing Sir. Roman out of the buggy.
He was considerably injured. The horse
ran about a mile, when he was caught by
some men returning from protracted meet
ing.
Religious. —The protracted meeting is
still progressing at Bethesda Church. Sev
eral have embraced religion. Rev. Sir.
Sulivan preached on Slonday evening.
Dangerions Position. —William Warner
and Charles Richy, while at work on the
railroad, above Bald Friar, went up to the
top of a rock to drill a hole, when the rock
slid off. Richy caught a tree; Warner
caught Richy’s foot. They were rescued.
The distance to the bottom of the pit was
forty feet.
Election. —The election passed off quiet
ly. There were 299 votes polled—all but
eight that were entitled to vote iu this dis
trict.
New Post-Office. —There has been a new
post-office establshed at Slount Pleasant,
call Oakwood.

RISING SUN ITEMS.
Road Closed —The railroad hands being
engaged in repairing the bridge, near Bon
sol's, over the railroad, traveling has been
stopped on it for a few days. The public
will be allowed to cross about the first of
next week, and will have less prospect for
“going through.”
Protracted Meeting. —ls in full progress;
the attendencc is not very large, but atten
tive and orderly.
Election Day. —Being over, all hands are
quietly scttleing down to their accustomed
duties. For a few days before the election,
both parties got quite warmed up, aud the
campagne became just lively enough to be
interesting.
Sudden Death. —Emma, wife of George
Gifford, Jr., formerly a resident of this vi
cinty, now near Brick Sleeting House, died
suddenly on the 7th, inst., aged about 30
years.
lee has already made its appearance, and
many of the weatherwise, from various ob
servations, are predicting a long and se
vere Winter; but as these signs don’t often
hit, wo will have to wait untill next Spring
to be sure of the prognostications.
Sold Out.— John L. Nice has sold out his
mill and property, to J. S. Addison, for
merly of the firm of Scott Addison, of
your vicinity.
FOURTH DISTRICT ITEMS.
The Weather. —The weather has been
very fine this Fall, giving the farmers a
fine chance to got their corn husked, but
withal there is a great deal to be husked
in this vicinity yet.
The Election. —The work of last Tues
day, so far as heard form does not seem to
suit tho “AVhiteman's Party” in this
vicinity. The neat little reduction of 25
votes made upon that party in this District
is not agreeable in connection with returns
from other quarters.
Dnprocements. —Sir. Jonatnan Strahorn
is putting on a new roof and making gen
eral repairs on his residence; William
Wade is putting up more comfortable and
convenient out-buildings; Jackson Hall has
been the recipient of a new pulpit.
Exhibition. —There will be a Sunday
School Exhibition and Concert at St. John’s
M. E. Church, on Thursday evening next.

The York (Pa.) Fire Insurance Co.
is one of the best Companies iu the country.
Risks taken from one to three years, at
rates according to the quality of the hazard.
Payment of losses made promptly, without
litigation. E. E. Ewing,
Agent, at Elkton.
A Full stock of Powder, Shot, Caps and
Wads, at the Bek Hive.
Corduroy and Partridge Cord for hunt
ing suits, and Corduroy Caps, at tho Bee
Hive. _
Mr. H. H Makinsou, of Port Deposit, is
selling off his entire stock of Furniture, at
reduced rates, to close out business in that
place. tff
I
Election Over. Now tho people will j
make their way to Zion. Ford has autici-
pated their wants, and his stock of goods j
will not fail to suit in variety, style, quality
i and price. Call soon.
(Jo and see that wonderful Cook Stove, j
at I. N. Benjamin’s Tin and Stove store, i
i North East, Md., where Stoves of all kinds
j are selling cheap. [BS
IT you want good Cider inegar, the Bek
1 Hjviiican furnish it. 1
Peninsular and State Items.
DELAWARE.
Another immense establishment for the
manufacture of railroad cars is to be started
in Wilmington by Dure it Bowers, who
have purchased twenty-one acres of land
ou the east side of tho Brandywine, to
locate the shops on.
Chestnuts roasts are tho latest dodge by
which to secure church funds. Of one held
in Wilmington tho Commercial says: This
new, novel and interesting manner of spend
ing socially a pleasant evening, was intro
duced last week, at the Calvary P. E.
Church. A largo cook stove and boilers
had been provided, and into the latter had
been poured chestnuts without stint, which
when boiled in connection with a bountiful
1 supply ef apples, furnished an elegant re
past to a large collection of friends, Tho
small admission of 25 cents made in tho
aggregate a handsome sum for the support
of the church.
Prof. Theo. Wolf, of Edwardsville, 111.,
j has been elected to fill the Chair of Chem-
istry at Delaware College.
Kirkwood Building and Loan Association 1
funds sold at 2Sj cents.
Cantwell Clark's barn, near Glasgow, i
was destroyed by tire, last week, together 1
with three horses, one cow, about 000
bushels of corn, a carriage, and a valuable
lot of farming implements. The fire is
believed to have been of incendiary origin.
This is the third time, we believe, this barn
has been burned.
Wm. Cooch, of Newark, who has been
an assistant in the laboratory of Delaware
College, goes out to Rolla, SIo., iu a few
days, to take a similar position under Prof.
Williams, in the Slissouri School of Slines.
He is the son of Levi G. Cooch, Esq.
Between one and two o’clock, on the
morning of the sth inst., Charles S. Wool
sey, a school teacher at Ogletown, was shot,
and instantly killed, by Stephen H. Costen,
a justice of tho peace for White Clay Creek
Hundred, the occurrence taking place at
the village of Christiana. For a number
of years a mutual friendship had existed
between Woolsey and Costen, which led
each to seek frequently the society of the
other. Tho former making Saturday last
the occasion of a visit to his friend, was
received with cordial greetings by the lat
ter, who had been making arrangements
tending to the happiness of the expected
guest. Unfortunately, the evening of this
day was spent by the friends in a bar-room,
where both partook of intoxicating drink.
Repairing thence to tho butcher’s, a sup
ply of beef was procured, and a late sup
per prepared at the home of Costen. In
the course of conversation at the table, a
controversy arose (although such good
friends, it is said they never met that they
didn't dispute bitterly, but always parted
better friends than ever) between the two,
which led to a quarrel, resulting in the
stabbing of Costen by Woolsey, and the
death of the latter by a shot from a gun in
the hands of Costen. Both parties were
bachelors. It is said neither had indulged
to excess at the hotel. Costen made no
effort to escape, and was committed to jail,
at New Castle, on Sabbath afternoon.
An old negro woman by the name of
Price, died, on tho 29th ult., at the ad
vanced age of 111 years. She was formerly
a slave in the Francis family, and lived on
the land of her old master, in Appoquini
mink Hundred.
General Levi Harris, a prominent resi
dent of Milford, and editor aud proprietor
of the Mutual Friend newspaper, died in
that town, on tho 3d inst. Gen. Harris
was a native of New York, whore he had
served iu the Legislature, with honor. He
removed to Delaware some years ago, and
has been extensively engaged in the sale of
real estate in Central and Southern Dela
ware. We chronicle his death with regret,
as that of an upright and valuable citizen.
His age probably about 55 or 60.
The corner-stone of the new SI. E. Church
at Slilford, was laid on the 30th ult.
The fourth quarterly meeting of the Kent
County Good Templar’s Association will
be held at Smyrna on the 15th inst.
The oyster shuckers at Seaford, includ-i
ing men, woman and children, work from
two o’clock at night to eleven o’clock in
the morning, aud the fastest can open twen
ty gallons in this time, for which they re
ceive 12j cents per gallon.
An adjourned meeting of the Peninsula
Fruit Growers’ Association will be held at
Seaford on Wednesday, 15th inst. The ob
jects of the meeting are: Ist. To call at
tention to the magnitude of the fruit inter
est. 2d. To invite the aid and co-operation
of all those engaged in tho business. 3d.
To consult together as to the best means of
promoting and protecting the interests of
Fruit Growers throughout the Peninsula.
KENT.
George H. Walls, indicted for the mur
der of Robert Hackett, was convicted on
the 23d ult., of manslaughter, and sen
tenced to five years in the penitentiary.
Col. John H. Taggart, of Philadelphia,
well known as a leading Republican, and
senior proprietor of the Sunday Time,!, is a
native of Kent county, where he was born
in January, 1821.
W. SI. Slay, Esq., formerly of Camden,
Del., has been admitted to practice in the
Kent county courts.
QUEEN ANNE'S.
The school-house of the colored people,
at Salem, (or Brown’s Corner,) was burnt
down on Wednesday night of last week.—
It had rained hard all day, in conse
quence of which there had been no
school and no fire in the house since Tues
day. The house was a very neat building,
and had been erected by the colored people
at their own expense, and its destruction
will be a severe loss to them, as it is prin
cipally during the winter season that they
have an opportunity of sending their chil
dren to school. The Citizen adds that such
an occurrence as this is no matter of sur
prise to any one acquainted with the char
acter of a majority of the speeches which
have been delivered by Democrats at the
various public meetings held in the county
this Fall.
CAROLINE.
Robert Thawley, a prominent citizen,
died at his residence, in Tuckahoe Neck,
recently.
A protracted meeting of unusual interest
is now in progress at Thawley’s Chapel, in
Tuckahoe Neck.
TALBOT.
Slutton thieves butcher the sheep on tho
farm, in Talbot.
Private theatricals nave been all the rage
in Easton for some weeks past.
WICOMICO.
A few days since, iu Salisbury, a blind
horse became frightened and ran into the
window of a liquor store, receiving such
injuries that he had to be killed. Whether
it was his contact with tho whisky or win
dow that mortally wounded him, we can
not say; but he had no business to be going
it blind in that style.
Pea nuts are largely cultivated in this
county, and the business promises to be
remunerative.
SOMERSET.
On the 24th ult., Win. E. Cantwell was
thrown against a circular saw, at Huffy
Bro’ssaw mill, and literally sawed to pieces.
A little three-year old son of Thos. Long,
was recently run over by an ox-cart and
instantly killed. ()n Tuesday of last week,
a colored boy, while out hunting with a
man, was instantly killed by the accidental
discharge of a gun.
The Ilerald says that the schooner of
Capt. Baily, from that county, while lying
off’ New Castle, Del., was boarded by a
band of pirates, who demanded tho Cap
tain's money and other valuables, all of
which were handed over,the money amount
ing to $495.
George T. Rowe, of Deal’s Island, has
just gathered a second crop of grapes from
one of his vines. Last August this vino
bore four bushels; this time half bushel or
more perfect ones.
HARFORD.
Ex-Judge John H. Price was an indepen
dent candidate for Associate Judge, but he
was o’crwhelmed by the great flood of
Wat(l)ers.
The water supply has come to be a some
what serious question, and one which is
causing much anxiety. Slany wells have
gone dry, aud all our streams are lower than
they have been for nearly half a century
past. Deer creek is reported to be so low
that it may be crossed in many places iu
our county, by pedestrians, without wet
ting tho feet. It will require a prolonged
spell of rainy weather to replenish the wells
and streams.
During the week ending Saturday tho
29th. ulto., 143 boats passed the out-let
lock —49 of which loaded with lumber, poal,
i grain, &c., were towed to Philadelphia, Hi
j loaded with coal and pig iron, weut to Bal
timore, and 33 loaded with coal and lum
her were unloaded, at Havre de Grace aud
Perryville.
Tho farm known as Mujbprry Point,”
j in this county, containing 584 acPB, bpr
dering on the Chesapeake Bay, aud bglong
j ing to tlie estate of William Murphy, de
ceased, has been sold to John Parker Mitch
ell, of this county, for $1i,050, Ope-hajf
j interest in fifty acres of growing wheat up
-1 ou tho place was also included in the pur
chase.
UNITED STATES MAILS.
MAIIYLiAXD.
Post Office Department,
Washington, September 30, 1871.
PROPOSALS will bo received at the
Contract Office of this Department until
H p. m. of March 1, 1873, (to he decided on
or before March 30, 1872, for conveying
the mails of the United States in the State
of MARYLAND,
From July 1, 1872, to June 30, 1870,
on the routes, and hy the schedules of
departures and arrivals herein specified.
j (Bidders will examine carefully the forms,
and instructions annexed.)
The attention of bidders is called to the
4th section of the Post Office appropriation
act of March 3, 1871, which requires that
all bids of $5,000 and upward, shall he
accompanied be a check, or draft, of not less
than fire per cent, of such bid.
RAILROAD ROUTES SOT ADVERTISED.
i 3521. From Baltimore to Queenstown, 40 miles and
I Kick, three times a week, ly steamboat. Leave Hulti
morc Tuesday; Thursday, and Saturday at 8 am; arrive
I at Queenstown hy 11.30 am; leave Queenstown Mon
day, Wednesday, and Friday at 12 in arrive at Balti
more hy 3.30 p m.
352*2. From Monument House to Baltimore. 8 miles
and hack, once a week, by a schedule of departures and
arrivals satisfactory to the postmaster at Monument
House. Proposals invited for twice, ami for three-times
a-week service.
3523. From Baltimore, hy Orangeville. Laura villa.
Cuh Hill. Greenwood, and Fork Meeting House, to Bel
Air. 23 miles and hack, three times a week. Leave Bal
timore Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at S am: arrive
at B1 Air hy 3 pm: leave Bel Air Monday, Wednesday,
am! Friday at 8 a in; arrive at Baltimore hy 3 p m.
3524. From Baltimore, hy Waverly and Govanstown,
to Towsontown, S miles and hack, twice daily. Leave
Baltimore daily at 7 a m and 5 p mj; arrive at Towson
town hy y a m and 7 p m leave Towsontown daily at
10 a m ami 5 pm; arrive at Baltimore hy 12 in and 7 p ni.
.‘J525. From Baltimore, hy Hookstown, to Pikesville,
8 miles ami hack, six times a week. Leave Baltimore
daily, except Sunday, at 7*a in; arrive at Pikesville {hy
U a in: leave Pikesville daily, except Sunday, at 10. am;
arrive at Baltimore hy 12 m.
1 3526. From Baltimore, by Calvcrton Mills, to Weth
eredsville, s*s miles ami hack, six times a week, hy a
schedule of departures and 'arrivals satisfactory toft he
postmasters. m
3527. From Baltimore, hy Carr.dl, to'Catonsville, 7
miles and hack, six times a week. Leave Baltimore
daily, except Sunday, at 10 am; arrive at Catonsvillehy
12 m; leave Catonsville daily, except Sunday, at 2 p m;
arrive at Baltimore hy 4 p m.
3528. From Baltimore to Brooklyn. f4ls miles and
hack, six times a week, hy a schedule of departures and
arrivals satisfactory to the postmaster at Brooklyn.
3520. From Towsontown, hy Dulaney’s Valley and
Long Green Academy, to Sweet Air, 11 miles and hack,
three times a week. Leave Towsontown Tuesday, Thurs
day, and Saturday at 11-30 ain arrive at Sweet Air hy
2 p m; leave Sweet Air Tuesday, Thursday, ami Satur
day at 7.30 am; arrive at Towsontown hy 10 a m.
3530. From Cockeysville to Warren. miles and
hack, three times a week, hy a schedule of departures
and arrivals satisfactory to the postmasters.
3531. From Monkton Mills, hy St. James. Taylor.
Upper Cross Hoads, and PleasantviHe, to Fallstun, 161$
miles ami back, six times a week. Leave Monkton Mill*
daily, except Sum pm: arrive at Fallstun by 5 I
pm: leave Sunday, at Sum:
arrive at Monkt^u
3532. From White Hall, hy Black Horse. Jarrett
sville. Federal Hill, Clermont Mills. Pylesvillo. Delta.
West Bangor, and Slate Hill, to Peach Bottom. <Pa..) 20
miles and hack, six times a week. Leave White Hall
daily, except Sunday, at 10.30 a in., or on arrival of mail
train arrive at Peach Bottom hy 6.30 p m leave Peach
Bottom daily, except Sunday, at 6am; arrive at White
Hull hy 2 p in.
3533. From White Hall, hy Stablersville, Shano, Gor
such’s Mills, and Norrisville, to Straw bridge, (Pa..) 14
miles and hack, twice a week. Leave White Hall
Wednesday and Saturday at 10.30 am., or on arrival of
mail train: arrive at Strawhridge hy 2 pm; leave
Strawbridge Wednesday ami Saturday at 3 p in; arrive
at White Hall by 7 pm. Proposals invited for three
3534. From Freeland to Maryland Line. 2 miles and
back, three times a week, by a schedule of departures
ami arrivals satisfactory to the postmasters.
3535. Frohi Freeland, by Union Meeting House. Beck
leysville, and Grave Run Mills, to Paper Mills, 15 miles
and back, three times a week. Leave Freeland Tuesday,
Thursday, and Saturday at 11.30 am: arrive at Paper
Mills by 3.30 p m; leave Paper Mills Tuesday, Thursday
ami Saturday at 6.30 a in arrive at Freeland by 11 a m.
From Kayville to Parkton, 3 miles and back,
three times a week, by a schedule of arrivals and depar
tures satisfactory to the postmasters.
3537. From Parkton, by Weisesburgh. to Hereford, 4
miles and hack, three times a week. Leave Parkton,
Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 12 m: arrive at
Hereford hy 1 p m: leave Hereford Tuesday, Thursday,
and Saturday at 3 p m; arrive at Parkton hy 4 p m.
3535. From Philopolis, by Belfast. Butler. Mount
Carmel, Blaek Hock, and Trenton, to
and back, three times a week. Leave Philopolis Tues
day. Thursday, and Saturday af 12.30 pm; arrive at
Upperco hy 4.30 p m: leave Upperco Tuesday,Thursday,
and Saturday at 7.30 a inf. arrive at Philopolis by 11.30
a ni.
3539. From Cockeysville., by Sliawan, (n. 0..) and
Mantua Mills, (n. 0.,) to Ueisterstuwn, 13 miles and
back, once a week. Leave Cockeysville Saturday at 8
am: arrive at Reisterstown by 12 m leave Reisterstown
Saturday at 1p m: arrive at Cockeysville by 5 p in.—
Proposals invited for twice, and for three-times-a-week
service.
3540. From Reisterstown. by Woodensburgh, Upperco.
Hoiicksville, and Hampstead, to Manchester, 17 miles
and hack, six times a week. Leave Reisterstown daily,
except Sunday at 12 in., or on arrival of mail train:
arrive at slanchester by spm; leave Manchester daily,
except Sunday, at 6 am; arrive at Reisterstown by
11 a m.
3541. From Wethfredsville, hy Powhatan, Rockdale,
Randal blown, Harrisonville, North Branch, Freedom,
Porters, Winfield, ami Frauklinville, to Sam’s Creek, 28
miles and hack, three times a week. Leave Wethereds
ville Tuesday. Thursday, ami Saturday at 9a m: arrive
at Sam’s Creek by 4 pm; leave Sam’s Creek Monday,
Wednesday, and Friday at 7 a in: arrivo at Wcthereds
ville hy 2p m. Proposals invited for six-times-a-week
service.
3542. From Magnolia, hy Little Gunpowder, and
Upper Falls, to Jerusalem Mills, 12 miles ami hack, six
times a week. Leave Magnolia daily, except Sunday,
at 3.30 p m., or on arrival of mail train from Baltimore:
arrive at Jerusalem Mills hy 5.30 p m leave Jerusalem
Mills daily, except Sunday, at Sam; arrive at Magnolia
by 10 a m
3543. From Magnolia, hy Clayton and Wilns. to Falls
ton, 13 miles and hark, six times a week. Leave Magno
lia daily, except Sunday, at 2.30 p m; arrive at Fallston
hy 5.30 pm; leave Fallston daily, except Sunday, at
9am: arrive at Magnolia hy 12 m. Connections with
mail trains to he made at Magnolia.
3544. From Edgewood, hy Abingdon. Kinmorton. Bel
Air. and Forest Hill, to Hickory Tavern, 18*-$ miles and
back, six times a week. Leave Edgewood daily, except
Sunday, at 12.30 p in arrive at Hickory Tavern by 5.30
pm; leave Hickory Tavern daily, except Sunday, at
6ain arrive at Edgewood by 10.30 a in. Connections
With mail trains to Ik* made at Edgewood.
3545. From Bel Air, hy Fountain Green, to Thomas’s
Run. 7 miles and back, threo times a week. Leave Bel
Air Tuesday, Thursday,ami Saturday at 3.30 p in; arrive
at Thomas’s Run by 5.30 pin leave Thomas's Run
Tuesday. Thursday, and Saturday at 6am; arrive at
Bel Air by 8 a m.
3546. From Hickory Tavern, hy Sandy Hook, to Mill
Green, 7 miles and hack, twice a week. Leave Hickory
Tavern Tuesday, and Saturday at 4pm: arrive at Mill
Green hy 6 p in; leave Mill Green Tuesday, and Saturday
at Ipm: arrive at Hickory Tavern hy 3*p ni.
.'1547. From Perrymansville to Harford Furnace, 4*s
miles ami hack, six times a week, hy a schedule of arri
vals ami departures satisfactory to postimibters, ami
making close connection with mail trains.
1 3548. From Perrymansville to Mh’haolsvllle, 3 miles
ami back, three times a week, by a schedule of arrivals
and departures satisfactory to the postmasters,
3549. From Perrymansville to Booth by Hill, 3V* miles
ami buck, six times a week, by a schedule of departures
and arrivals satisfactory to the postmasters.
3550. From Aberdeen to Churchville, 51$ miles ami
hack, six times a week, by a schedule of departures and
arrivals satisfactory to postmasters, and making close
connection with mail trains.
3551. From Oakington to Oakington Switch, (n. 0.,) 6
miles and back, once a week, hy a schedule of departures
and arrivals satisfactory to the postmaster at Oakington.
Proposals invited for twice, and fur three-times-a-week
service.
3552. From Harp- (srace, hy Hopewell Cross
Roads, to Glenvilie. 10 mila and hack, ti j limes a week.
Leave Havre de Grace dully, wxcepi Sunday, a* 12 in:
arrive at Glenvilie by 3 pm; leave Ulenvillo daily,
except Sunday, at 8 a in; arrive at Havre do Grace by
11 a in. Proposals invited for extension to Darlington,
miles additional.
3553. From Jarrettsvflle, hy Copstown. to Chrome
Hjil. 5 miles and back, three times a week, l/eave J*r
rettsvlßp Tuesday, Thursday, ami Saturday at Spin;
arrivo at Uhpdpe Hill by 4 p in; leave Chrome Hill
Tuesday, Thursday, tfpd Saturday at 4.15 p m arrive at
Jurrettsvillo hy 6.15 p fy.
3554. From Port Deposit, by {a Parlington,
6U mill* am I back, six times a week, toaj c port I>-
jMisit dally, oscopt #ni)4*y, at 11.30 am arriye at Dar
liugton hy 1p m: leav Darlington daily, except Sun
day. at 9a m: arrive at Port Deposit by 10 30 a ni. When
the river is olwtructed the contractor will be rcmjirod to
begin at Harve de Grace instead of Port Deposit, ami it
is understood that connections are to he made with mail
trains on railroad. Proposals invited for service between
Port Deposit and Lapidum only, subject to above condi
tions.
3565. Deposit, hy Woodlawn. Principle,
and Farmington, *o fc/tjug gn. 11 miles and hack, six
times a week. Leave port I)•Juily. except Sunday,
at 1 p in: arrive at Rising Sou by 4 pfayv Rising
Sun daily, except Sunday, at 6.30 am; arrive a* tort
Deposit by 9.30 a m.
3556. From Rowlandsville, by Conowlngo, Dublin.
1 ami Prospect, to West Bangor, (Pa.,) 12 miles and hack.
six times a week. Leave Rowlandsville daily, except
Sunday, at 11 am; arrive at West Bangor hy 2p m
leave West Bangor daily, except Sunday, at 6.30 am:
arrive M JlowluudsvilJe by 9..'50 am. Connection with
mail train* ehfdfi lfvwln Jville.
3537. From North Bw*. hy Vallay. Bay
View, ami Zion, Ut Brick Meeting mi)** apd
hack, six time* a week. Lcuvu North East daily, except
Sunday, at 12 m; arrive at Brick Meeting House by 3
p m: leave Brick Meeting House daily, except Sunday,
at 6a m; arrive at North East by 9a m.
3558. From Elkton, hy Cherry Hill and Fair Hill, t
Lewisville, (Pa.,) 9 miles and back, six times a week.—
Leave pikP'h daily, except Sunday, at 12 in., or after
arrival of HaUin.o.c phflfpfe}n||ia mail; arrive at
Lewisville hy 2p iU i laye ,C*Cpt Sun
day, at 7.30 am; arrive at Blklou by Q..JO a ip.
3559. From Elkton, hy Chesapeake City, Bt. Augus
tine, Cayotts Corners, (n. 0,.) Cecilton, and Frederick
town, (n. 0.,) to Galena, 24 miles and hack, six times a
week. L*ave Elkton daily, except Sunday, a! 11.30 a in,
or after arrival of mail train; arrive at Galena hy 4.30
pm: leave Galena daily, except Sunday, at 8.30 am;
arrive at Elkton hy 1.30 p m.
3560. mo** Cgpjltun. hy Warwick, to Middletown,
(Del..) 9*s miles and bV*. SJ* Plft/CJ a week. Leave
Ce. iltou dally, except Sunday, at 7.i*d a'in;”a.n*n nt
Middletown by 9.30 a m leave Middletown dally, except
Sunday, at 12.30 p m; arrive at Cecilton by 2.30 p m.
3561. From Massey’s Cross Roads to Sassafras. 5 miles
and bark, three times a week, in close connection with
mail trains, and hy a schedule of departure ami arrivals
satisfactory to the postmaster. Proposals invited for
i si*, service.
3562. From Station, (n. 0.,) Kent County
Railroad ami Chestervine, iy miles and
back, three times a week, in cjovo connection yim
trains, and hy a schedule of departures and arrivals satis
factory to the postmasters. Proposals invited for six
times-a week service.
3563. From Black’s Station, (n. 0.,) Kent County Rail
i iifQfi, to Locust Grove, 2 miles and hack, three times a
week, iw c iqtp ponnaetjop wjth mail trains, ami by a
schedule o( 4sparti#ftf# itnd VIQ J6t|sfaptorv to post
master?. i
3564. Prom Kennedy vi lie, by SHU Pond, llsnesvllls.
Fairlee, ami Kdesville, to Rock Hall, 23> miles ami i
back, three times a week. Leave Kennedy ville TueHilay,
Thursday, and Saturday, on arrival of northern mail—
-Buv 4 p m arrivo at Rock Hall hy 9 p iu leave Rock
H*i f/;,-vday. Thur.-day, and Saturday at 0 a in; arrive
at Ly ]i n in.
3565. Froia Kennedy *.iGe io £li|J poml. 2 miles and
ba<k. liirel* (ini 6s A wFejk', in Vi os/ r-u.uj vith mal|
trains, and by a schedule of departures and sa).lL
factory to
j 3566. From Worton Station, (n. 0.,) Kent County i
RoUri>ad. to HaiiMville, 3 mil** and hack, three tine* a
j week, in close connection with mail train*, and by a
schedule l departures ami arrivals satisfactory to the
j postmasteis.
1 3567. From Chestertown. hv Fairlee and Edesville, to
Rock Hall. 14 miles and hack, three times a week.—
Leave Chestertown Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at
i 1 p m arrive at Rock Hall hy 5p m leave Rock Hall
Tuesday, Thursday, ami Saturday at 8a m: arrive at
t Chestertown hy 12 in.
3504. From Chestertown to Trappe, (n. 0.,) 6 miles
ami hurt, once a week. Leave Chestertown Saturday at
l 4 pm: arrive at Trappe hy 5.30 pm; leave Trappe
j Saturday at 2 p in arrive at Chestertown hy 3.30 p in.
j 3569. From* Chestertown, by Church Hill. Price’s
Station, (n. 0..) on Queen Anne <f Kent Railroad, Roes
ville, ami Bridgetown, to Greensboro’, 24 miles, six times
I a week ami back, to Price’s Station, (n. 10 miles, ami
three times a week and back the residue. Leave Ches
f tertown daily, except Sunday, at 0 a in; arrive at Price’s
Station by sa m; leave Price’s Station daily, except
Sunday, at 5 pm; arrive at Chestertown by 7 p in leave
Price’s Station Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 8.30
am: anive at GreenslMiro* by 12.30 p ni; leave Greens
boro’ Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 1 pm: arrive
at Price’s Station by 5 p in. This service is to be per
formed in close coiinection'witli mail trains on Oueen
Anne Kent Railroad. Proposals invited for six-times
a-week service on the whole route.
3570. From Teniplevilie to Marvdell, 2|<| miles and
hack, six tiui'*s a week, hy a rchedule of arrivals and
departures satisfactory to the postmaster at Teniplevilie.
3571. From Cox’s Station, (n. 0.,) Queen Anned Kent
Railroad, to Long Marsh, 3 miles and back, three times
a week, in close connection with mail trains, and by a
schedule of departures and arrivals satisfactory to the
postmaster.
3572. From Ccntreville, by Queenstown, to Broad
Creek, IS miles and back, six times a week to Queens
town, (7 miles,) and three times a week the residue.—
Leave Centreville daily, except Sunday, at 12 m; arrive
at Queenstown by 1.30 pm; leave Queenstown daily,
except Sunday at 9.30 a in: arrive at Centreville by 11
am: leave Queenstown Tuesday. Thursday, and Satur
day at 1.39 p m; arrive at Broad Creek by 4 p m leave
Broad Creek Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 4.30
p in; arrive at Queenstown by 7 p in.
3573. From Centreville, by Wye Mills, Skipton. and
Taverner's Wood, to Easton, 21 miles and back, six times
a week. Leave Centreville daily, except Sunday, at 5
am; arrive at Easton by 9 a m leave Easton daily,
except Sunday, at 11 am arrive at Centreville by 3 p in.
3574. From Greensboro’ to Whiteleysburgh. 1 miles
ami back, three times a week, by a schedule of depart
ures and arrivals satisfactory to the “postmaster at
Whiteleysburgh.
3575. From Ridgeley, by Denton, to Bnrrsville. 13
miles ami hack, six times a week to Denton, )6 miles.)
.xml three times a week the residue. Leave Ridgeley
daily, except Sunday, nt 10 am; arrive at Denton hy
11.30 u m leave Denton daily, except Sunday, at 8 a m
anive at Ridgeley hy 9.30 am; leave Denton Tuesday,
Thursday, ami Saturday nt 1 p m arrive at Burnsville
hy 3 p in: leave BurrsvilleTuesday,Thursday,and Satur
day id 6 a in; arrive at Denton hy 8n m.
3576- (From Denton, hy Andersontuwn "Potter’s Land
ing, Fowling Creek, Preston. Bethlehem, Gilpin’s Point,
ami Potter’s Landing, to miles, eipial to 19V£
miles and hack, three times a week. Leave Denton
Tuesday. Thursday and Saturday at a in; arrive at
Denton by o p in. Proposals invited for six-times-a-week
service.
3577. From Easton, hy Trappe, to Oxford. 17 miles
and back, three times a week. Leave Easton Tuesday.
Thursday, and Saturday at 6p m: arrive at Oxford hy
9.30 p ni; leave Oxford Tuesday, Thursday, ami Saturday
at 12 in arrive at Easton by 3 p in. Proposals invited
for six-times-a-week service.
3578. From Easton, by Royal Oak. St. Michael’s, and
Wittman. to Bay Hundred, 20 miles and back, six times
a week to St. .Michael’s, (12 miles.) and three times a
week the residue. Leave Easton daily, except Sunday,
at 4 p m arrive at St. Michael’s by 6.30 p m leave St.
Michael’s daily, except Sunday, nt 12 in: arrive at Eas
ton by 2.30 p in; leave St. Michael's Tuesday. Thursday,
and Saturday at 7 a in arrive at Bay Hundred by 5.30
a m leave Bay Hundred Tuesday, Thursday, and Satur
day at 9 a m arrive at St. Michael’s by 11 a in.
3579. From Saint Michael’s to Broad Creek Neck. 11
mite* ami back, once a w eek. Leave Saint Michael’s
TuowLiy at 3 p m; arrive at Broad Creek Neck by 6 pm;
leave Broad Creek Neck Tuesday at 9 a in; arrive at
Saint Michael’s by 12 m.
3589. From Faderalsbnrgh to Smithvillo, miles
and back, three times a week, by a schedule of depart
ure? and arrivals satisfactory to the postmaster at
Smithville.
3581. From Williamshhrgh. by Harrison and Ennall’s
Springs, to C’rotcher’s Ferry, 8 miles ami back, three
times a week. Leave Williamsbiirgh Monday, Wednes
day, ami Friday at 3.30 pm; arrive at Crutcher’s Ferry
by 5 pm; leave Crutcher’s Ferry Monday, Wednesday,
and Friday at 5.30 pm: arrivo at Williamsbiirgh hy 7p m.
3582. From Galestown to Sharpstown. 2*-£ miles and
'rack, twice a week, by a schedule of departures and
arrivals satisfactory to the postmaster at Galestown.
3583. From Linkwood, hy Salem and Vienna, to Draw
Bridge. 14 miles and hack, six times a week to Vienna,
(10 miles.) and twice a week the residue. Leave Link
wood daily, except Sunday, at 4.30 p m.. or on arrival of
mail train: arrive at Vienna by 6.30 p m; leave Vienna
daily, except Sunday, nt 1 p m; arrive at Linkwood by
3 p in; leave Vienna Monday ami Thursday at 7.30 a m
arrive at Draw Bridge by 8.30 a ra; leave Draw* Bridge
Monday ami Thursday at 9 am; arrivo at Vienna by
10 a ra.
3584. From Cambridge, by Cornersville, to Hill’s
Point. 11 miles and hack, twice a week. Leave Cam
bridge Wednesday and Saturday at 2 p m; arrive at Hill’s
Point by spm; leave Hill’s Point Wednesday and Satur
day at 9 a in; arrive at Cambridge by 12 m.
3585. From Cambridge to Church Creek, 8 miles and
hack, six times a week. Leave Cambridge daily, except
Sunday, at 5.30 p m arrive at Church Creek by 7 p iu
leave Church Creek daily, except Sunday, at 4 pm;
arrive ut Cambridge hy 5.30 p in.
3556. From Church Creek, by Tobacco Stick, Taylor’s
Island, Gulden Hill, and Lakesville, to Bishop's Head, 33
miles and back, twice a week. Leave Church Creek
Wednesday and Saturday at 7 am: nrrivg at Bishop’s
Head by 6 pm; leave Bishop’s Head Tuesday and Fri
day at 7a m; arrive at Church Creek by 6p m.
3587. From (iohlen Hill, by Fishing Creek, to
Hoopersville, 18 miles ami back, once a week.
Leave Golden Hill Thursday at 1 p in; arrive at
Hoopersville by 7 pm; leave Hoopersville
Thursday at Gum; arrive ut Golden Hill by
12 ni.
3558. From Barren Creek Springs, by 111ver
ton and Sharptown.to Laurel, Del., is miles and
back, threo times a week. Leave Barren Creek
Springs Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at
7.30 am; arrive at Laurel by 11.30 am; leave
Laurel Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday ut 1 p
in; arrive at Barren Creek Springs by S p m.
3589. From Salisbury to Quant Ico, 9 miles and
back, three times a week. Leave Salisbury
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 6 p m;
arrive at Quantlco by 8 pm; leave Qnantico
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 3 p ni;
arrive at Salisbury by 5 p in. Proposals invited
for six times a week service.
3590. From Quantlco, by Tyaskin. Nantlcoke,
Whitehaven, and Green Hill, to Quantlco, 34
miles, three times a week, equal to 17 miles and
back, three times a week. Leave Qnantico
Tuesday,Thursday,and Saturday atTam; arrive
at Qnantico by G u in.
3591. From Piysville to Powellsville, 6 miles
and back, twice a week. In close connection
with mail trains, hy a schedule of departures
and arrivals satisfactory to the postmasters.
3592. From Mount Vernon to Princess Anne,
0 miles and hack, twice a week, \)y a schedule of
departures and arrivals satisfactory to the post
master at Mount Vernon.
From Princess Anne, hy Monlo and
Dame’s Quarter, to Deal’s Island. 20 miles and
back, twice a week. Leave Princess Anne
Tuesday and Saturday at Ga in; arrive at Deal’s
Island by 12 m; leave Deal’s Island Tuesday and
Saturday at I p in; arrive at Princess Anne by
7p m. Proposals invited for tri-weekly service.
3594. From Fairmount to Westover, 7 miles
and back, three times a week, by a schedule of
departures and arrivals satisfactory to the post
master at Fairmount.
3595. From Westover, by Hope, to Newtown,
9 miles and back, six times a week. Leave
Westover daily, except Sunday, at 8.30 am;
arrive at Newtown by 10.30 a in leave Newtown
daily, except Sunday, ut 0 a in; arrive at West
over by 8 a 111.
359 G. From Berlin, by Newark, Snow Hill,
Girdle Hill, and Stockton, to llorntown. 32
miles and back, six times a week lo Snow Hill,
11G miles,) and three times a week the residue.
Leave Berlin dally, except Sunday, at 5.30 p m;
arrive at Snow Hill hy 9.30 pm; leave Snow
Hill daily, except Sunday, at 4u in; arrive at
Berlin by S am; leave Snow Hill Monday,
Wednesday, and Friday at 3 am; arrive at
Horntown by 7 am; leave llorntown Tuesday,
Thursday, and Saturday at 7 p in; arrive at
Snow Hill hy 11 a in.
3597, From Snow Hill to Lindsey ville, 8 miles
and back, once a week. Leave Snow Hill Satur
day at 9 a in; arrive t Lindsey ville Saturday
at G a in; arrive at Snow Hill by 8a m.
3595. From Westminster to Bachman’s Mills,
7 miles and back, once a week. Leave West
minster Saturday at 3 p in; arrive at Bach
man's Mills by 5 pm: leave Bachman's Mills
Saturday at Ip m; arrive at Westminster by 3
p m.
3599. From Westminster, by Stonersville,
Pleasant Valley, (n. 0.,) Union Mills, Silver
Run, (n. 0.,) Llttlestown, Two Taverns, Gettys
burg!}, Seven Stars, MeKniulßstown. Uu^htqwn,
Gruefenburgh. Black's Gap; and Ji'ayetteviße. to
Chambersburgb, Penn., 50 ipiies and back, six
times a week. Leave Wes! minster daily, except
Sunday, at Ipm; arrive at by 8 p
m leave Gettysbnrgh dally, except Sunday, at
•1 a in; arrive at Westminster by 11 a m* leave
Gettysburg!! daily, except Sunday, at 2 n in;
arrive at Chambersburgb by 7 p in; leave
Chambersburgb daily, ezeept Sunday, at Tam;
arrive at Gettysburg!! by 12 ra.
3GOO. From Westminster, by Warfieldsburgh,
Denning’s, Sam’s Creek, Oak Orchard, and
IlUiqpV'jlJf*, to Libertylown. 19 miles and back,
three
day, Thursday, ana SiUutduy rrt ii.itu om, arrive
at liberty town* by T. 30 pm; leave Liberty town
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at o*3o am;
arrive at Westminster by 11,% am,
3GOI. From WeNtmlnster, hy Bird Hill and
Louisville, to Freedom, 17 miles and back, three
times a week. Leave Westminster Tuesday,
Thursday, and Saturday at 12.30 pm; arrive at
Freedom by 4.3) pm; leave Freedom Tuesday,
Thursday, and Saturday at 7.% a m arrive at
Westminster by 11.30 a m.
Mom Linyupti tiy Up ion town and
Frlzellburgh, to Mayberry. 10 milts fuVrtbbalk.i l k.
six times a week 10 prjelibui’Kh. t7 miles,Tond
twice a week Hie residue. Leave Lin wood daily,
except Sunday, at 12 in arrive at Frir.ellburgh
by 2 pin; leave Frizellburg dally, except Sun
day, at S am; *rive at Liuwood by in a m
c F rizeilburgb Weitne>day and Saturday at
2.30 pm; arrive at Mayberry by 3.% pm; leave
Mayberry Wednesday and Saturday at 4 p m
.3Wrt, From to Mciiinsiryus Mills, 2t%
miles anl back, three times a week, by a sched
ule satisfactory to the post master nt McKlntrv’s
Mills. Proposals invited for six times a week
ser\*!c6.
3GOI. From York Road, by Taneytown and
Plney Creek, to Littlestown, Pa., 15 miles and
back,six tlmesa week. Leave York Hoad dally,
except- Sunday, at 1.30 pm; arrive Ljtllcs
town by 6.30 p. ia‘ lekvu LUtle.jowu dally,
except Sunday, at 7.30 a m arrive at York Road
by 11.30 a m. This service t<* be performed in
close connection with mall trains on Western
Maryland Railroad.
3G05. From Taneytown, by Bridgeport and
Harney, to Taneytown. 12 miles, three times a
week, equal to G miles and back, three tlmesa
week. Leave Taneytown Tuesday. Thursday, i
and Saturday at 2 p m; arrive tU Taney town by
P Iff.
3GOG. From York Hoad, by Ladlesburgb.
WoodslMirongh and Walkersvllh*, to Mount
Pleasant. 141$ miles and back, three tlmesa
week. Leave York Road Tuesday, Thursday,
ami Saturday at 8 a in arrive at Mount Pleas
ant by 12 111; leave Mount Pleasant Tuesday,
Thursday, and Saturday at 2 p in; arrivo at
York Road hy G p m.
3G07. From Hood’s Mills, hy Cooksvlllo, Mat
hews’ Store, Koxbnry Mills, and Triadelphia. to
i:j mllpsnud hack, three times a week.
Leave HPbd s Tmidday. Thursday, qnd
Saturday at 11 a ni; arrive at Sunshine by 2 p
in; leave Sunshine Tuesday. Thursday, and
Saturday, at Ga m; arrive at Hood’s Mills hv
10 a in. Proposals invited for six-times-a-week
service.
3605. From Woodbine, by Lisboq, (o Poplar
i Spiring*,' i% mites ami nucp, tippe (ppes a wiwk, 1
with a branch from Lisbon to Florence(3 miles) j
once a week, by a sceedule of departures and
j arrivals satisfactory to tin* postmasters,
i .‘909. From Mount Airy, by Kempton, to
Damascus, 8 miles and back, t wice a week. I
lieave Mount Airy Wednesday and Saturday at
11. 0 a in arrive at I >umascus by 1.30 p m leave
Damascus Wednesday and Saturday at 8.30a
m; arrive at Mount Airy by 10.30 am. Propo
sals liiyjted toeinbrace Long's Corners, lucreas- i
lug ulsia'ucb J I
j 3610. From Unlonvllle, by Llir-anore and J
1 Wood ville, to Mount Airy, Hls miles and back, 1
1 three tlmesa week. Leave Unlonvllle Tuesday,
f* Thursday, and Saturday at 7 a in; arrive at
Mount Airy by 9.30 m; Leave Mount Airy
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday nt 11.30 pm;
arrive at Unionviil** by 2p m. Proposals invited
1 for slx-limes-a-week service,
l 3611. From Monrovia, by New* Market, to
t New London, 4 miles and back, six times a
week, in close connection with mail trains, by
1 a schedule of arrivals and departures satlslac
t tory to the postmasters.
.‘Mill*. From Pluminervilie to Frederick, 3
miles and back, three times a week, by a sclied
-1 nle of departures and arrivals satisfactory to
postmasters.
1 3613, From Frederick, by Mount Pleasant,
1 Llbertytown. and .lolmsville, to Union Bridge,
20 miles ami back, six times a week. Leave
1 Frederick daily, except Sunday, at 12 m arrive
j at Union Bridge by 4 p in; leave Union Bridge
dally, except Sunday, at G a in arrive at Fred
-1 eriek by 10 am.
.3614. From Frederick, by
istown, U’utoetfn Furnace*, Mecbanicstown,
Veagerstown, Utica Mills, and
I’ri‘deriek. 40 miles, six tiniws a week, equal*l>
20 miles ami back, six times a week. Leave
Frederick daily, except Sunday, at 6 am; arrive
j at Frederick by G p m.
3615. From Meehanicstown,by Kmmittsburgli
and Green Mount, to Gettysburgb,.Pa., is miles
and back,six times a week. Leave Mechanics
town daily, except Sunday, at 1 pm; arrive nt
Kmmittsburgli by 2.:i0 p m; leave Kmmitts
burgh daily, except Sunday, at 5.30 a in; arrive
at Meehan icstown hy 7 a ni; leave Knimitts
-1 burgh daily, except Sunday, at S a in arrive at
Gettysburg by|lo.3oa 111; leave Gettysburg daily,
except Sunday, at 1 p in; arrive*at Ermnltts
burgli by 3.30 pm. This service is to be per
formed in <*lose connection with mail trains on
railroads at each terminus.
•3GIG. From Frederick, by Middletown, Boli
var, 800 lis boro', Benevola, Funkstown, Hagers
town, Mason, (’onococbeague, Clear Spring,
Indian Springs, and Millstone Point, to Han
cock. 52 miles and back, six times a week.—
Leave daily, except Sunday, after
arrival of mail from Baltimore, say at 1 p m;
arrive at Roonsboro’in four hours,‘say by 5 p
m. and at Hagerstown by 7 p in leave‘Hagers
town daily, except Sunday, at 3 p in arrive at
Hancock by9p ni; leave Hancock daily,except
Sunday, at 4.30 am; arrive at Hagerstown by
10.30 am; leave Aagerstown daily, except Sun
day, at 7 am; arrive af Frederick in time to
connect with mails for Baltimore, say by 12 m.
3617. From Frederick to Jefferson, s miles
and back, three times a week leave Frederick,
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday af!l*p;:ni;
arrive at Jefferson by 3 p m; leave Jefferson
Tuesday. Thursday, and Saturday at S a:m
arrive at Frederick by 10 a in.
2618. From Ijainsville, by Urbanaand Hyatfs
town, lo Clarksburgh, 11 miles and back, three
times a week. Leave ijainsville Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday at 12.30 p m, or on arrival of
mail train arrive at Clarksburgh by 3.30 p. in
leave Clarksburgh Monday, Wednesday, and
Friday at 4.30 am; arrive at Ijainsville; by 7.30
a in. Proposals invited for six-times-a-week
service.
3619. From Adamstown, by Llcksville,(reen
fl*ld Mills, and Monocncy, to Barnesville, 13
miles and back, three times a week. Leave
Adamstown Tu*s<lay, Thursday, and Saturday
at 12 m arrive at Barnesville by 3p m; leave
Barnesville Tuesday, Thursday, unci Saturday
at 8 am; arrive at Adamstown by 11 a m.
3620. From Knoxville to Petersville, three
miles and back, six times a week, by a schedule
of departures and arrivals satisfactory lo the
postmaster at Petersville.
3621. From Middletown, by Myersville, Kller
ton.and Wolfsville, to Foxville, 17 miles and
back, three times a week. Leave Middletown
Tuesday. Thursday, and Saturday at 4 pm;
arrive at Foxville by s p m; leave Foxville
luesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 8 am;
arrive at Middletown by 12 m.
.3022. From Brownsville, by Enrketffivllle,
to Broad Itin,s miles and hack, six tlmesa
week to Burkettsvillc, (2*-o miles,) and twice a
week thej residue, by a schedule of departures
aad arrivals satisfactory to the postmasters.
3623. From Keedysville to Boonsboro’, 3miles
and back, six times a week, by a schedule of
departures and arrivals satisfactory to the post
master at Boonsboro'.
3624. From Keedysville to Sharpsburgh, 3
miles and back, six times a week, by a schedule
of departures and arrivals satisfactory to the
postmaster at Sharpsburgh.
3G25. From Breathedsville, by Fairplay and
Bakersville, to Downsville, 7 miles and back
six times a week. Leave Breathedsville dailv,
except Sunday, at 3 p 111; arrive at Downsville
hy 5p m: leave Downsville dailv. except Sun
tiny, at Sll m j arrive at lireatheUsvlile by to a
m.
Frnin College St. James lo Fair Plav, 3
miles and liack, three times a week, tiy a sched
ule of departures and arrivals satisfactory to
the postmasters.
3<!27. From Funkstown to Heaver Creek 4
miles and hack, three times it week, by a sched
ule of departures and arrivals .satisfactory to
the postmasters.
.'ilijti. From Hagerstown, by Chewsvlile and
Cavetown, to Smillishurgli, S’, miles and hack,
three times a week. Leave iTagerstou n Tues
day, Thursday, and Saturday at 5p m; arrive
at Smithhnrgh liyi p m; leave Smithsonrgh
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday nt 1 p m;
arrive at Hagerstown hy:[ pm.
ajat. From Hagerstown to Williamsport, 0
miles and hack, six times a week. Leave
Hageastown daily, except Sunday, at :i p m
arrive at Williamsport hy 4 p m; leave Wil
liamsport daily, except Sunday, at if a in; arrive
at Hagerstown by 10 a m.
;ti;4o. From Fair View to Conoconhcague, I
miles and hack, twice a week, hy a schedule of
departures and arrivals satisfactory lo the post
master at Fairvlew.
3H31. From Ccarfoss to Mason and Dixon,
(Pa.) 2 miles and hack, three times a week. In- a
sehednieof departures and arrivals satisfactory
to the postmaster at Cearfoss,
.HW2. From Clear Spring, hy oreen Spring
Bnrnace. to C'lierry Hun Depot, 7 miles and
hack, three times a week. Leave clear Spring
Tuesday, Thursday, ami Saturday at 7 a ni;
arrive at Cherry Him Depot hytfaiu; leave
Cherry Hun Depot Tuesday, Thursday,and Sat
urday at 4 p in; arrive ut Clear Spring hy 0
p in. r
3)513, From Cumberland, hy Frosthnpgh, and
Shade Mills, to iirautsvllie, 21' 2 milesand hack,
six times a week. Leave Cumberland daily,
except Sunday, at 1 p m arrive at Urantsville
by 12 III; leave Crantsvllle dailv. except Sun
day, at 0 a in arrive at Cumberland hv 7 p m.
Proposals invited lo begin at Frostlmrgh, ile
erefusing distance 11 miles, witliaeorrespomling
decrease of running time.
Will. From Deer Park, hy Davis Mill, Johns
town, A evident, and Selbyspnrt. to Addison,
(Pa„) .12 miles find hack, once a week. Leave
Deer Park Friday at 7a in; arrive at Addison
by tip m; leave Addison Saturday fit 7 a m
arrive at Deer Park by u pm. Proposals Invited
lor twiee-a-week service,
•Sii.i.3. Fmm Lllieolt City, hv Oakland Mills
Simpson ville, Clarksville, ami Dayton, lo Hie-'
neig, is miles and hack, three times a week lo
(darks ville. anil twice a week life residue. Leave
f.llicott ity Tuesday, Tiiursdi*y, anil Satnrdav
at 12 m; arrive at Clarksville "by :t pm; leave
Clarksville Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday
at S am; arrive at Kllleotl City hv 11 a in leave
Clarksville Tuesday and SaHirduv at. .'thlpiii
arrive at Hleneig by r, p m leave (Jlenclg Tues
day ami Saturday at li.SO am; arrive at Clarks
ville by sa m. Proposals invited fur six-times
a-week service, Klllcott City to Clarksville, ami
twice a week the residue.
“■rill. From West I iiendsbip to bvkesville, 5
miles anil hack, throe time;, a week, hv a selied
ule of departures mid arrivals satisfactory lo
tile postmasters,
3*17. From Washington, (D. 0„) to Qemsc
t'l'vn, 2 miles and hack, three ami one-half
timeK dally, except Sunday, ami one and one
half times Sunday. Leave Washington dailv.
except Sunday, at 7 a in. 1.30 p in. and 7 p in;
arrive at Georgetown by 7.3 u a in, 2 p in, and
7.30 p in leave Georgetown dailv, except Sun
day. at 11 a in. 4.30 p in, 7.30 p m, and 10.30 p m
arrive al Washington by 11.30 a in. 5 p in, and
7 p m and 11 pm; leave Washington Sunday nt
8 a in; arrive at Georgetown by 7 30 p m i leave
Georgetown Sunday ut p \i\ qnu 10.3(1 p m
arrive at \w 8 p m and U p m.
3G38. fj'rom WgshlmftoiMl*. C..) by George
town, Tenallytown. f.>bl. t Bethesda. and Mon
trose, to BocUville, 15mile*i and baek.Klx Hines
a week. Leave Washington daily, except Sun
day. at 7a in arrive at Rockville bv 12 in leave
Hock vi lb* daily,except Sunday, at’l pin arrive
at Washington by G p in.
30-39. From Washington (D. hy Bright
wood, Sligo. (Md. t Norbeck. and (Hin-V, Brook
ville, 21 miles and back, six times a week.
FROM MAY 1 TO NOVEMFJI 3(V
Leave Washington dally, except* Sunday, nt s
pip; arr|veut Qrpokville bvKp m leave Bmok
ville dally, except Sunday at 5 am; arrive at
Washington by lo a m.
FROM DECEMBER 1 TO *O,
Leave Washington daily, expept Sunday, at 2 p
mi univp at ihoukviße hy p in; leave Hrook
vjjUi daily exoept Sunday, nt G a in; arrive at
Washington by 11 a m.
3<rt<K From Georgetown, (D. r.,) hy Seneca
(Md.,) to Point of Rocks, 48 miles and tiack. three
times a week, by steam canal-packet, during
the season of navigation only, and bv a schedule
of arrivals and departures satisfactory to the
Department. M p
361|, Prop} OffqH**Orn Roads lo Rockville,
G |iille.%| Jptd Mack, l\\:ige a \y.eek. Leave (itrutfs
Uqatls Tuesday and Saturday at 9.30 a in
arrive at Rockville ly* a iq; leave Rockville
Tuesday qnd Saturday ut 1 pm;arrlyeutOffntfs
Cross Roads hy 3,30 p in, Proposals invited for
an additional trip on Thursday. i
3612. From Rockville, by Darnestown and
Dawson ville, to Poolesvlile, IS miles and back
three times a week. Leave Rockville Tuesday!
Thursday, ami Saturday, on arrival of mail
from Washington, say 12 m; arrive at Pooles
ville ny Gpin leave PoolesvilK Monday. Wed- J
nes<lay, and Friday al sam arriveßockville
by 11 a q.
3643. From Rockville, by Redland, Forest
Oak. and Mlddlebrook, to Clarksburgh, 16 miles 1
and back, three tlmesa we. k. Leave Rtiekville, t
Tuesday, Thursday,and Saturday, on arrival of c
mail from Washington, say at 1 p in; arrive at
C!arlisbnrgh by spin leave Clarksburgh Mon- 1
day, Wednesday, and Friday at 7a in; arrive
at Rockville by 11 am,
AflH, From Monoeaey (o RealTsvtlle,S>2 mill s
and back, three times a week, by a schedule of J
arrivals and departures satisfactory to Hie post
masters.
3645. From Clarksburgh to Nichols, 41$ miles 1
and back, once a week, by a schedule of depar
tures ami arrivals satisfactory to the postmas
ters.
3fi46. From Mlddlebrook to Germantown, 5
miles and back, twice a week, by a schedule of
departures and arrivals satisfactory to the post
masters. 1
3647. From Olney, by Laytonsvllle, to Goshen,
9 miles and hack, throe times a week. Leave
olney, Tuesday. Thursday, and Saturday ut 3
pin arrive at Goshen by spin leave Goshen i
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 12 in; arrive
j at Olney hy 2 p in. 1
3G4S. From Spencervlllo to Cul as ville, 4 y.j
miles and back, three times a week, by a sebed- i
nle <f departures and arrivals satisfactory to J
the postmasters.
3619. From Laurel Factory, by Spencervllle, J
Sandy Springs, Olney, Brookvllle, and Brlgb- 1
ton, toSunvblne, 21 miles and back.six tiniesa
week. Leave Laurel Factory daily, except Su-
day, at 11 a in; arrive at Sunsliine by 4 pm;
leave Sunshine dally, except Sunday, at 4 a m
arrive ut Laurel Factory by 9 a m.
3650. From Bladensburgh, by Pipe Grove, to l
Buena Vista, 10 miles amt back, three times a
week, Leave Bladensburgh Tuesday. Tburs- j
day, and Satunlay at 9 a in; arrive nt Buena
Vista by 12 in; leave Buena Vista Tuesday, 1
Thursday, and Saturday at Ipm; arrive at j
Biadensburgb by 4 pin.
3651. From Bladensburgh, by Suitsvillo, Oak
Grove. M Rebel Is ville. am! Shepherd’s Store, to
i West River, 30 miles and hack, thre‘ times a 1
week. Leave Bladensburgh Tuesday.Thursday
and Saturday ut 9 a in; arrive at West River
hy 7 pin; leave West River Monday, Wednes- 1
day, and Friday at 7 am; arrive at Bladens
burgh bysp in. Proposals invited for six-times-
a-week service.
3(*52. From Huntington City to Codington, 3
miles ami bark, three times u'week, by a sche-
dnle of departures and arrivals
j the pout masters. uivWeu ku six-
i stA Ce.
3f*53. From Washington,(DC.) by Foret-sville, j
1 (Md.) Mellwood, Upper Marlboro’, Bristol, and 1
I Dunkirk, to Friendship, 8G milos and hack, six
limes a week. Leave Washington daily, exempt
Samlay, at a in; arrive at Upper Marlboro'
hylpm; arriveat Friendship by 4.80 pm; leave
i Friendship dully, except Sunday, at a in ar
j rive at Upper Marlboro’ by 9 am; arrive at
Washington hy 2.30 p in.
3654. From Washington, (D.C.) by Anaeostia,
(Md.) Silver Hill, ilohyst own, T. H„ Lean town,
i Jlryantown, Hughesville, Charlotte Hall, Me
j ehaniesville, Chaptico,and St. Clement’s Hay,
to Leonardto\vn 57 miles and back, six times a
week. Leave Washington daily, except Sun
day, at 7 am; arriveat Leonardtown by 10pin;
leave Leonardtown daily, except Sunday, at 4
am; arriveat Washington by 7 pm.
3G55. From Washington, f D.C.) by Fort Foote,
i Md.to Foi l Washington, 10 miles and back,
six t lnies a week. Leave Washington daily,
except Sunday, at 7 a in; arrive at Fort Wash
ington by Ham; leave Fort Washington daily,
except Sunday, at 3 p in arrive at Washington
by 7p m. proposals also invited lor steamboat
service to the offices named above, and also
embracing Marshall Hall.
3050, From Silver Hill, byOxen Hill, Piscnfa
way, and Aceokeek, to Pomonkev, IS miles,
three times a week and !a<*k to Piseatuway
and twice a week and back the residue. Leave
Silver Hill Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday
at9a in; arriveat Piseatuway by ll am; leave
Piseatuway Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday
at o u m; arrive at Silver Hill by s a m; leave
Piseatuway Tuesday and Saturday at 11 a m*
arrive at Pomonkey by 3p m; leave Pomonkev
Tuesday and Saturday at 4 pm; arrive at Pis
catawav by 7 p in.
3057. From Upper Marlboro’, by Itosaryvllie
and Croom. to Nottingham, 13 miles and hack!
three times a week. Leave Upper Marlboro’
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at 3 pm*
arrive at Nottingham by 6 pm; leave Notting
ham Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 7 a nr
arrive at Upper Marlboro’ by 10 a m.
3655. From?. H., by Hrandywlne, Horse Head,
and Watson, to Aquaseo, 14 miles and back
three times a week. Leave T. H. Tuesday.
Thursday, and Saturday at 12.30 p m arrive at
Aquaseo hy 4 m; leave Aquaseo Tuesday
Thursday, and Saturday at Sam; arrive at T*
H. by 11.30 am,
•MD9. From Annapolis, by Saint Margaret's
and Arnold's Store, to Joi in son’s Store, 20 mil s
and back, twice a week. Leave Annapolis
Wednesday, and Saturday at 12 m; arrive at
Johnson’s Store by 4 p m; leave Johnson’s
store W ednesday.and .Saturday alGa m arrive
at Annapolis by 10 am. Proposals invited for
extension of route hy Marley, (n. 0.,) to Brook
lyn, Baltimore County, bidders to state addi
tional distance in llieir bids; schedule to be
increased in proportion.
3000. From Annapolis Junction to Savage 2
miles and back, six limesu week, bv a schedule
ot departures and arrivals satisfactory to the
postmasters.
3001 From Millcrsvjlle, by Uutland, David
souville. South River, West River, Sudlev and
1 racy’s Landing, to Friendship. :ij miles* and
back three times a week. Leave Mlllersville
iuesduy, Ihursday, and Saturday at 11 a m*
arrive at Friendship by 9 pm; leave Friend
ship Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 6a in*
arrive at Millersvllle by 4 p m,
Froni Dunkirk, by Chaney vl lie, Sunder
land vi He, Huntington, Prince Frederick town,
and 1 ort Republic, to St. Leonard's, 33 miles
and back, six times a week. Leave Dunkirk
daily, except Sunday, at 6am; arrive at St
Leonards by 3 pm; leave St. Leonard’s daily*
except Sunday, at 7 am; arrive at Dunkirk bv
I p in.
3663. From Chaneyville to Dower Marlboro’,
4 miles and hack, three times a week, bv a
schedule satisfactory to Hie postmasters. Pro
posals invited lor service from Sunderlamls
ville to Lower Marlboro* once, twice, and three
times a week and back, by a schedule satis
factory to the postmasters—two hours ruuninir
time each way. b i
3664. From Huntinglown to Plumb Point
in. o„ o miles and hack, once a week. Leave
Huntingtown Friday at 2.30 p m- arrive at
Plumb Point lay 4 p m: leave plumb Point Fri
day at l!> m j arrive at Huntingtown by 1.30 pm.
3665. From Saint Leonard’s, by Cove Point
to Solomon's Island, 12 miles and back six
times a week from June i to September 30 and
twice a week the remainder of the year.
JUNE TO SEPTEMBER,
Leave Saint Leonard's daily, except Suntlav at
4 p m; arrive at Solomon's Island b\ 7 pin*
leave Solomon's Island dally, except Sunday’,
at 12 m arrive at Saint Leonard's by 3 pm.
OCTOBER TO MAY.
Leave Saint Leonard's Tuesday,and Saturday 1
at p m arrive at Solomon’s Island bv 7 p in
leave Solomon’s Island Tuesday ami Saturday
at 12 in; arrive at Saint Leonard's by 3 pm.
3000. From Cove Point to Mill Creek, 4J4 miles
anil liaek, twice a week, in close connection
witli Houle No. 36C5. and l-v a schedule of tie-
partures and arrivals satisfactory to tire uost
masters, I
•llitiT. From Ueantown, by Duffleld. to Port
robaeco, 11 miles and tiack,three ttmesaweek i
Leave Bean town Tuesday, Tluuxlnv, and Satur
day at I pm; arrive at Port Tobacco bvapnr
leave Port Tobacco Tuesday, Tliursdav anil Sat-
unlay at Sam; arrive at Ueantown by 12 m.
36fitt. From Glyniont to PortTolmeco, ll miles j
and back, six time* a week. Leave Glrmoul
daily, except Sunday, on arrival of steainboat
mail from Washington—say at am• arrive
at Port Tobacco by 12 m; leave Port Tobacco I
dally, except Sunday, at 7 am; arrive at Glv
mont in time to conneet with mail boat for
Actinia Creek —say by !>.3ti a in.
3663. From Port Tobacco, by Piskab, Doncas- I
ter, and Cross Roads, to Ntiiijni.mv, 26 miles and
back, twice a weak. Leave Port Tobacco Wed
nesday, uud Saturday at (ia m; arrive at Nan- i
jemoy by 12 in; leave Kanjeraov Wednesday i
and Saturday at 1 pm; arrive at Port Tobacco
by 7 pm.
31170. From Port Tobacco, by Alton's Fresh
and Newburgh, to Harris' L0i.20 miles ami
back. Hirer times a week, with a branch from
Allen’S Fie.il to Newport, (2}2 miles,) three
times a week and back, in close connection
Leave Port Tobbaeco Tuesday, Tliurs.lav and
Saturday at 12 m; arrive at Harris’ I.ot byH*p in*
leave Harris' Lot Tuesday, Tintrw.lnv, ami Satur
day at 6 am; arrive a.l I’-it i'oUiceo by 11 a in.
3671. From Gallant Green to Bryantown 4
mile, and back, once a week, bv a schedule of
departures and arrivals satisfactory to the post
master at Gallant Green. I
3672. From Build’s Creek |c, cimptlco, VA
miles ami back, twice a week, bv a schedule lit 1
departures and arrivals satisfactory* to the post
master at lludd's Creek.
3673. From Saint Clement’s Bay, by Morgan
*a, to Oakville, 10 miles and back.'once a week
Leave Saint Clement's Hay Saturday at m
arrive at Oakville by 4 pm; leave Oakville
Saturday at Dam; arrive at Witt Clement’s
Hay by 12 in.
3674. From Mtlestown to Saint Clement’s
Bay, (Unties and back, twice a week, bv a sebe
tittle ot departures and arrivals satisfactory to
the postmaster at Mlleatowu.
3675. From Leonardtown to Hollywood, 6
miles and back, once u week. Leave Leonard
town Tuesday at 2 P m; arrive at Holly wood bv
4 pm: Leave Hollywood Tuesday at s anr
arrive at Lemiariltuwn by 10 a in.
3676. From Leonardtown, bv Oak Springs
Great Mills. Fairfield, and Saint Inigocs to
Ridge, 27' miles and back, three times yveek.
Leave Leonardtown Tuesday, Thursday, and
Saturday at 7a m; arrive at Midge by 4 pm*
leave Ridge Monilqv, Wednesday, ami Friday
at 7am; arrive t Iwonardtown by 4 p m.
3C7V. From Pincy I'otnt to Jiconardtown lu
miles and back, once a week, lira schedule of
departures and arrivals satisfactory lotbe post
master at Pi tier Point. Proposals tnvltidfor
more ireituent service, and also to cud at Great
Mills, omitting Lvuiiardtown.
FORM OF PROPOSAL, GUARANTEE, AND
CERTIFICATE.
Proposal.
The unite i signed whose
post offioe mlilress is county of
Stale of- proposes to convey the mails
of the United States, from July 1, 1872, to
Juno 30, 1870, on route No. between
anti under the advertisement of
the Postmaster General, dated Septeniber
30, 1871, with “celerity, certainty, and
security,” for the animal sum of
dollars.
This proposal it made with full knowledge
of the disei’ore of the route, the weight of the
matt to be earned, and all other particulars
in reference t the route and terries, and also
after careful examination of-the laws and
instructions attached to the advertisement.
Paled i Sigued.)
Guarantee.
The undnrsigned, residing at .State
of undertake that, if the foregoing
bid for carrying the mail on route No.
be accepted by the Postmaster General, the
bidder shall, prior to the Ist day of .Inly,
1873, enter into the required obligation or
contract to perform the service proposed,
with good and sufficient sureties.
This we do, understanding distinctly the
obligations and liabilities assumed by guaran
tors under the 27 th section f the act of Con
gress of July 2, 1836.
Dated (Signed by two guarantors.!
Certificate.
Tho undersigned, postmaster at
State of certifies, under iiib oath
op office, that he is acquainted witli tho
above guarantors, ami knows them to be
men of property, and able to make good
their guarantee; and that hiddder and
guarantors are above the age of twenty
one years,
Dated (Signed.)
INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS AND POSTMAS
TERS;
Containing also conditions to be incorporated
in the contracts to the extent the Depart
ment may deem proper.
1. Seven minutes aro allowed to each
intermediate office, when not otherwise
specified, for assorting the mails.
2. On routes where the mode of convey
ance admits of it, tho special agents of tho
Post Office Department, also post office
blanks, mail bags, locks and keys, are to
bo convoyed wit bout extra charge.
3. “Waybills” or receipts prepared by
postmasters, or other agents of the Depart
ment, will accompany tho mails, specifying
the number and destination of the several
bags, to bo examined by the postmasters,
to insure regularity in the delivery of bags
and pouches.
4. No pay will bo made for trips not per
formed; and for each of such omissions,
not satisfactorily explained, three times the
pay of the trip will be deducted. For
arrivals so far behind time as to break con- I
ncctiou with depending mails, and not suf- i
ficicntly excused, one-fourth of the com
pensation for the trip is subject to forfei-
ture. For repeated delinquencies of the
kind herein specified, enlarged penalties,
proportioned to tho natuie thereof, and thp
importance of Ihe mail, may be npuio.
3. For leaving behind or throwing aft tho 1
mails, or any portion of them, fur tho
admission of passengers, or for being con-
pc.vppd in getting up or running an express
convoying intelligence in advance of the 1
mail, a quaiter’s pay may be deducted.
6. Fines will bo imposed, unless the
delinquency be promptly and satisfactorily j
explained by cer tifioates of postmasters or
tiie affidavits of Aither credible persons, for
e failing to arrive in contract time: for
r- neglecting to take the mail from, or deliver
1 it into, a post offic for suffering it to be
injured, destroyed, robbed, or lost
i," and for refusing, after demand, to convoy
the mail as frequently as the contractor
i runs, or is concerned in running, a coach
i- car, or steainboat on a route.
ij 7. The Postmaster General may annul
tiie contract for repeated failures to run
agreeably to contract; for violating the
post office laws, or disobeying the instruc
tions of the Department; for refusing to
discharge a carrier when required by the
t Department to do so; for running an express
t J as aforesaid; or for transporting persons or
packages conveying mailable matter out of
the mail.
8. The Postmaster General may order an
1 increase of service on a route by allowing
r therefor a pro rata increase on the contract
a pay. lie may change schedules of depar-
I, tnres and arrivals in all eases, and particu
laily to make them conform to connections
with railroads, without increase of pay,
provided the running time be not abridged.
I lie Postmaster General may also discon
tlnue or cm tail tiie service, in whole or in
part, in order to place on the route snpe
nor service, or whenever the public inter
ests, in his judgment, shall require such
discontinuance or curtailment for any other
cause; lie allowing as full indemnity to
contractor one month's extra pay on the
I amount of service dispensed with, and a
pro rata compensation for the amount of
service retained and continued.
9. Payments will bo made by collections
from, or drafts on, postmasters or other
Wlse after the expiration of eacli quarter
i —say in November, February, May, and
August, ptovided that required evidence of
j service has been received.
i 10. The distances given, are believed to
I be substantially correct; but no increased
pay will be allowed shou!d they be greater
i than advertised, if tho points to be snp
plied are correctly stated. Bidders must
inform themselves on this point and also in
reference to the weight of the mail, the
condition of roads, bills, streams. &c., and
all toll-bridges, turnpikes, plank roads, fer
i nes, or obstructions of any kind by which
expense may be incurred. No claim for
additional pay, based on such ground: can
be considered; nor for alleged mistakes or
misapprehensions as to the degree of ser
vice; nor for bridges destroyed, ferries dis
continued, or other obstructions causing or
increasing distance or expense occurring
during the contract term. Offices estab
lished after this advertisement is issued,
and also during the contract term, are to
be visited without extra pay, if the dis
tance be not increased.
11. Bidders are cautioned to mail their
proposals in time to reach the Department
by the day and hour named, (3 p. m..
March 1, 1872,) for bids received after that
time will not be considered in competition
with bids, of reasonable amount, received
in time. Neither can bids be considered
which are without the guarantee required
by law, and a certificate of the sufficiency
of such guarantee.
12. Bidders should first propose for ser
vice strictly according to the advertisement,
and then, if they desire, separately for dif
ferent service; and if the regular bid be
the lowest offered for the advertised service,
the other propositions may be considered.
13. There should be but one route bid
I for in a proposal. Consolidated or combi
nation bids (“proposing one sura for two
or more routes’’) are forbidden bylaw,
and cannot be considered.
The route, the service, the yearly
pay, the name and residence of the bidder,
i (that is. his usual post-office address,) and
the name of each member of a firm, where
a company offers, should be distiuctly
I stated.
Bidders aro requested to use, as far
as practicable, the printed proposals fur
nished by tho Department, to write out in
full the sum of their bids, and to retain
1 copies of them.
Altered bids should not be submitted;
j nor bids once submitted be with
drawn. No withdrawal of a bidder or
guarantor will be allowed unless the with
drawal is dated and received before the last
day for receiving proposals.
Each bid must be guaranteed by two
responsible persons. The bid and guar
antee should be signed plainly with the
full name of each person.
The Postmaster General reserves tho
right to reject any bid which may be deemed
extravagant; and also to disregard tho bids
of failing contractors and bidders. 'Act
of July 2, 1830, section 24.)
10. The bid should be sealed, super
scribed “Mail Proposals, State of Mary
land, addressed “Second Assistant Post
master General, Contract Office,” and sent
by maily not by or to an agent. Bids of
su,ooo per annum and upward must be
accompanied by a certified check or draft,
equal to 5 per cent, of the amount.
17. The contracts are to be executed and
returned to the Department by or before
the day of July 1872; but the service
must be begun on that day, or on the mail
day next alter it, whether the contracts be
executed or not.
Transfers of contracts, or of intereat in
contracts, are forbidden by law, and con
sequently cannot be allowed. Neither can
bids, or interests in bids, bo transferred or
assigned to other parties. Bidders will
therefore take notice that they will be
expected to ierform tho service accepted to
them through the whole contract term.
18. Section eighteen of an act of Con
gress approved March 3, 1845, provides
that contracts for the transportation of the
mail shall be let, “in every case, to the
lowest bidder tendering sufficient guaran-
I teos for faithful performance, without other
reference to the mode of such trausporta
tion than may he necessary to provide for
the due celerity, certainty, and security of
such transportation.” Under this law bids
that propose to transport tho mails with
celerity r, certainty and securityhaving
been decided to be the only legal bids y are con
st rued as providing for the entire mail hois
ever large, and whatever may be the mode of
conveyance necessary to insure its celerity
certainty and securityand hace the prefer
ence over all others and no others are con
sidered, except for steamboat routes.
10. A modification of a bid in any of its
essential terms is tantamount to a new bid,
and cannot bo received, so as to interfere
with regular competition. Making a new
bid, with guarantee and certificate, is the
only way to modify a previous bid.
20. Postmasters are to l>e careful not to
certify to the sufficiency of guarantors
without knowing that they are persons of
sufficient responsibility. They must not
sign the certificate until the sum of the bid
is inserted, and tho bid and guarantee are
signed by the bidder and (two) guarantors;
a disregard of this instruction by postmas
ters is a violation of their oath of office, sub
jecting them to immediate removal. Post
masters are forbidden by law under penalty
of dismissal, to act as agents of contractors
or bidders in any matter or thing relating to
the business of the Department.
21. All bidders, guarantors, aud sureties
are distinctly notified that on a failure to
enter into or perform the contracts for the
service proposed for in the accepted bids,
their legal liabilities will bo enforced against
them.
22. Present contractors, and persons
known at the Department, must, equally
with others, procure guarantors and certi
i fleates of their sufficiency substantially in
the forms above prescribed. The certificate
of sufficiency must bo signed by a post
master.
JNO. A. J. CRESWELL,
Oct. 14, ’7l—Gw Postmaster General.
EVERY ONE TO HIS BUSINESS.
The Knights of the Yard Slick nmi Pint Measure to
their Calico and Molasses: th. Tailor to his Ooose, dc.
Kevins; Xlaohlnea of any kiml. a. to xahc,
style or hkiue, \iy the umicrKigiied, anl no
advice given unless jisk.-d lor. B. E Lodore
taken for tiie “American Agrirul
turiM. SI.OO jer annum. [Oct 14—Gm*
Meetings of Connty Commissioners.
TIIK regular meetings of the County Commissioner*
will held nu tho second TUESDAY of every
month. J
Persons having dnimfl against the County, will pleas*
file tin: mine in the Commissioners' Office*, with a legal
voucher; ns no account will he Allowed not properly
chargeable to the siune.
Collectors and others haviriK accounts to b* stated or
settled will Hpply to the Clerk during tho recess of the
Board. By Order*
WM. T. MILLER. Clerk
_ Commissioners of Cecil County.
De 14.|18fi7 —y J
PBIMK
NEW NO. U 2 MACKEREL,
in Barrels, Half-Barrels and Kits.
Sl* TC ED SALMOy.
U. C, Levis.
Oct as. 1871.
NOTICE TO (iWXNERS.
AU persons are forbid trespassing, with Dog nr Gun
j on the pretimes of the subscriber, known as the French
town and Marcui farms.
T. POOLE.
Oct 21.1871—fim*
FIBII.- jo%>ic6 MACKEREL—Nos. 1,2 and 3: and
M SHAD. For sale by
1 JOHN PARTRIDGE.