m*
i;i.ht\. i)E( cnDi;R a. isti.
rsfMr. John C. Hindman is our regu
larly authorized Agent and Collector to
procure subscriptions and advertising for
The lf-7ti.y.
I AHA I. AFF AI US.
Local Miscellany.—The Mutual Building
Association will meet to night.
It blew np cold again on Wednesday,
after several days of mild weather.
Christmas was duly observed by the
churches in Elkton.
The public schools will ro-opsn on Tues
day next.
The regular Watch Night Meeting will
be held in the Elkton M. E. Church to
morrow (Sabbath) night, at 9 o'clock.
Levis has a see of glass.
Court will again meet on Wed lies.lay
next, January 3d.
The chronic dullness of Elkton was
slightly disturbed by a hop at the Hall,
on Wednesday night last.
The ladies of the Presbyterian church
and congregation, have very tastefully
trimmed the “auditorium of the Hall
with evergieens,and a handsome Christmas
tree, perched on the stage, lends itsattrac-
tions to the decoiations of the room. On
Thursday and Friday evenings, supper was
served in the Hall for the benefit of the
Presbyterian Church. The tables were
loaded with a tempting variety of edibles,
pleasing to the eye and inviting to the
palate. Doubtless the proceeds from this
gastronome entertainment will be hand
some. Nothing draws like a table well
filled with toothsome viaus.
Outdone —The gossips, by Mr. Vinsinger’s
marriage. Not a word did they bear of it
till the ceremony was performed: for which
ill treatment they will doubtless pray that
all the ills, and none of the joys, of matri
monial life, may he his portion.
Mr. John Lee, residing near Elkton, lost
a good horse, recently'. Disease unknown.
The store-house recently vacated by Mr.
Levis will he occupied by E. Drown Bro.
Extra Services.—The extra meeting ser
vices, at Wesley Chapel, Elk Neck charge,
will commence next Sabbath evening, the
30th inst., at 7 o’clock and continue dur
ing the week. The public arc cordially
invited to attend.
Accident.—On Friday afternoon last,
Mr. Frank Denny, a young man employed
in The Democrat office, bad his foot caught
by the press and two toes on his right foot
crushed. The accident completely spoiled
Frank's Christmas holidays on which he
counted largely, lie is doing as well as
could be expected.
The Commune in Elkton.—A number of j
our Elkton young men sport a red feather
in their caps. Whether they know it or
not, they are wearing the body of the infa
mous Paris Commune. French corsets,
Paris fashions, and French brandy are
enough from one city. Let us not import
their diabolism.
Election of Officers. —Washington Lodge
No. 51, K. P., of Elkton, elected the fol
lowing officers, on Thursday night last, to
serve for the ensuing term; V. P., Perry
Litzcnberg; W. C., IL McFarland; V. C., I
Clinton McCullough; Guide, George W. j
Maxwell; I. S., Henry Spittle; 0. S., Wm.
H. Hughes; I?. S., W. O. Gilmour; Banker,
E. W. Jauney.
Railroad Post Office Changes.—W. P. i
Miller lias been promoted to Chief Clerk
on Washington and New York Railroad
Post Office; John T. Bennett has been pro
moted to Chief Clerk on same line; Wm.
B. Smith has been promoted from Assistant
Clerk to Clerk on same line, vice T. J. i
Shea, removed; W. H. North has been
appointed Clerk on same line, vice, Smith
promoted.
Christmas.—Christmas passed off in Elk
ton in rather an idle, sleepy way. Eating
turkey was a prominent feature of the
occasion. We had no remarkable demon
strations on the part of King Alcohol.
His majesty soaked his votaries in a quiet
way, and did not turn many of them into
the streets, as howling maniacs; for which S
consideration, on the part of the despot, he
is devoutly to be thanked.
Fire.—Joseph A. Towson's boot and
shoe shop, near Pleasant Grove, Lancaster
county, was destroyed by fire on the night'
of Wednesday, 20th inst. The building, it
is supposed, caught fire from the stove, and
occuring late at night was not observed by
any of the neighbors in time to save any
of the contents—tools, leather, Mr. T’s
clothing, Ac., all of which were consumed.
We learn there was an insurance on the
building of $l5O. —Oxford Press.
Personal.—Mr. J. W. Baker, builder of j
the Elkton gas works, and for several years j
a resident of onr town, returned from St.
Paul, Minnesota, on Thursday evening last
where he and Mr. T. B. Marrett, also of
this town, emigrated to last summer. He
is looking very well and reports our Win-
ter weather as feeling very summer-like j
in comparison with the St. Paul climate,
where the themonetcr makes a practice of 1
going down to 30° below zero. Mr. B.
intends returning West, we understand, in 1
a few days, accompanied by his better half, i
who has been residing in Elkton.
Death from Small Pox.—The case of
small pox which occurred in Elkton—that
of W. T. Brown—and reported in our last
issue as being a very mild type, proved
fatal on Tuesday night last. The fact is
not concealed now by the physicians that it
was considered at the time of the announce
ment, a very virulent case. No other case
h.vs occurred in town, and will not likely
occur, unless imported from the city.
There is a case of the loathsome disease
in Chesapeake City, which is reported to
be of a very violent type; but the patient j
is reported convalescent.
CHESAPEAKE CITY ITEMS.
Christmas. —The day was observed here
as usual, by a general suspension of busi- I
ness, and an unnsnal turn out of children, 1
who crowded the confectionery shops to
spend the pennies they had been saving for
the occasion. Nothing of much interest
transpired during the day. There was no
service at either of the churches, except
ing the protracted service at the M. E.
Church at night.
Dibit Presented. —On Sabbath morning
last, a very handsome Bible and Hymn-
Book were presented to the M. E. Church,
by three little girls, and received in behalf
of the church by the Pastor, with very
appropriate remarks.
Cold Weather. —The weather for the last
week has been cold enough to close navi
gation through the canal. The steamer
WhUilen, from Philadelphia, managed to
get down as far as Delaware City, on Fri
day, 32d inst., and there had to atop. Some
of our merchants who had Christmas
goods on board, i.ad to have them hauled
from there in wagoos.
Markets.— Flour, $7.51) per bbl
Potatoes, 50 60 cts., jier bushel I
Butter, 35 cts. per lb Eggs, 30 cts.
per doz New Lard, 10 (ri Hi cts.,
per lb Turkeys, (Sets., per |b. j
Ducks, 14 cts. per lb Chickens, I2j
.cts., per lb. 1
Levis’ Xew Store.— This week Mr. 11. C.
Levis opened bis new store on Main street,
Elkton, with a display of goods, for extent
and variety, as well as y nality, seldom
equaled by a retail establish man t o Aside
of the cities. A most substantial and
handsome crossing of Port Deposit granite,
in broad blocks six feet square, has been
put down in front of the store, insuring a
dry, clean crossing in the muddiest weath
er. The store house, as has been hereto
fore noticed in these columns, was built by
Mr. Button, and when that gentleman failed
i in business, was purchased by Mr. Levis,
!at Trustees’ Sale. The building is frame,
i the only objection we ever urged to it, as
j we do to alt other frame buildings in blocks
j or thickly built up portions of towns or
cities. But the material does not detract
j from the imposing appearance, and ar
rangement of the building, which is 24 feet
front on Main street with a depth of 60 ft.,
two stories in height, and covered with tin.
The first story is 11 feet and the second
story 9 feet in the clear. The front of the
first story is composed of two bay windows
on either side of the entrance, the fronts
of which are immense plate glass oxß feet
with side lights sxß feet. These two mam
moth show cases are closed on the inside j
by hung sash, thuS constituting two minia
ture crystal palaces, for line and delicate
show goods, completely dust-proof. The
folding doors which close the entrance
between these full grown bay windows, arc
two tall plates of glass forming the panels
to walnut frames.
The internal arrangement is of the most
modern style, opening to the top of the
second story, to which you asccud by a
broad flight of steps in the rear, branching
right and left from the first lauding and
running to the galleries round which a
continuous rail extends. Large windows
front and backtof second story light up the j
upper story of the building, and throw a i
Hood of light down the broad stairway
into the main room below. Shelving is fit
ted up round the walls in the galley for the
reception of the endless variety of wares
which are displayed to the view of the cus- I
tonier from the lower floor. In addition to
wares of various kinds, carpets and other
varieties of goods find a place on the sec
ond floor, where light and room are had in
abundance for examining their quality.—
This advantage, which is a favorite one 1
with all purchasers, will prove equally im
portant to Mr. Levis, for the closer his
goods are inspected the more they com
mend themselves to favor.
The first floor is fitted up with movable
counters, shelving, boxes and glass cases,
in the most approved and convenient style,
while taste and appearance in the whole i
arrangement has been kept constantly in
view by the architect. The building is
supplied with bronzed gas fittings of very
handsome patterns, put in by the Elkton
Gas Light Company, and the show win-
I dows in front arc furnished with large re-
I (lectors which cast the light down on the
goods, giving the variegated contents of the
cases a brilliant appearance when lighted up
at night, and the whole a most pleasing
effect. A large airy basement, seven feet
in height rims under the whole building,
with a sleeping room in the rear, with a
view opening out across the reedy banks of
the Big Elk. The building having a hill
side basement, this room is very light, dry
and comfortable. The lifting and forcing
pump in the basement, with hose handy to
attach, is capable of throwing water into
all parts of the building. The wood work
i inside is handsomely walnut and maple
grained.
The top of the building is surmounted
I by large signs in front and on the side,
i with the name of the present owner,
j R, C. Levis, in large black, Gothic letters,
on a white ground; while on the front,
directly over the entrance, the same name
appears in raised gilt letters, on a blue
ground; and also on the rolling curtains of
I the show windows.
Mr. P. C. Strickland, of Elkton, and
present County Commissioner, was the
architect and builder. Messrs. Alexander
Brother did the tin work. The paint
ing was done by Mr. Perry Litzenherg,
of Elkton, and Mr. George Wright, of
Philadelphia, was employed to do the
more tasty work of fine graining, pro
nounced by connoiseurs to be a perfect
work in that line. The store is pronounced
one of tlie most stylish and complete struc
tures of its kind on the Eastern Shore, and
when occupied by the present proprietor
and model retail merchant, will stand as
the ne plus ultra of fashionable places for
j shopping, as well as the place of resort for
the more domestic class of dealers in retail
goods.
Special Sabbath School Services.—ln ac
cordance with previous announcement, the
anniversary exercises of the Elkton Pres
byterian Sabbath School came off on Sab
bath evening last, in the M. E. Church.
The exercises consisted of reading of the
Scripture, prayer, vocal and instrumental
i music, addresses, black-board illustrations,
j and Superintendents’ report.
After singing “Anniversary Carol,” by
the school, Rev. James Mclntire read a
Scripture lesson from Matt. 3d, and made
a few introductory remarks, when Rev. A.
I S. Vaughan led in prayer. This was followed
]by singing “Over There.” Then came the j
j Superintendent’s report. It stated that the
school numbered 106 scholars—sl boys and
48 girls—with an adult Bible class of 7;
I average attendance, 00; teachers and offi
i cers, 22; contributions during the year,
SBO. The report concluded, the Superin
tendent, James T. McCullough, Esq., dc
livered a short address, referring to the
I origin and organization of Sabbath Schools,
their power for good on the young, and his
own experience as a teacher. The speaker
said he had been a teacher for twenty years,
and although he did not know' whether his
labors had accomplished much or not, yet
it was pleasant to remember that the dis
tinguished divines, Kev. Frank Robins, of
Philadelphia, and Rev. W. E. Moore, were
once his scholars while teaching in New
York. Mr. McCullough was followed by
I singing “Work to do for Jesus.” W. J.
j Jones, Esq., then addressed the audience
at some length on the importance of the 1
Sabbath School as an institution, its influ
ence on the murals of the young, the de
mands of the school upon parents, and the
i duties and responsibilities of teachers. The
speaker was well received, anil closed his j
remarks by an affecting little incident of a
l Sabbath School scholar, which chimed in I
well with the song, “Jesus Only.” Rev.
A. S. Vaughan then gave a black-board ex
orcise of a superior character, and similar I
to those recently given at the Institute by
Rev. Jas. 8. Ostrander. On the board was 1
drawn a large star, within which was a
smaller one. Over this were the words,
“We have seen his star underneath, in
large capitals, was “God with us”. In the
five points of the larger star were the
names Saviour, Redeemer, Prophet, Priest
1 and King. The points of the smaller star
1 were filled in with appropriate texts, illus
trating the attributes of God. The greater
star representing God, and the lesser one
man, thus combined, illustrated the won
drous union of fljviuity and humanity in
the person of Jesus Christ, who was God
manifest in the flesh. The various rela
tions which these several positions a;;4
texts boro to each other were fully c
i plained, and all led to a common centra
Jesus. This was one of the must interest
ing features of the occasion. “Hark
What Mean those Heavenly Voices?” was
then sung, and Rev. Henry S. Thompson,
i pastel of the Methodist Church, made a
short and impressive address, lie said the
Sabbath School demanded the best talent,
the best energies, the most ardent zeal and
the greatest devotion. He spoke of the
influence of the Sabbath School teacher;
there is no telling where it will end.—
His Sabbath School teacher is now, and
for years lias been, a minister of the gos
pel, and out of his class of seven boys,
live are now in the ministry, the sixth is
at the head of a Sabbath School, while the
seventh departed, and is at lest. Thus,
he said, the influence of that teacher is
working in all these vaiious avenues, and
who can tell the result? He, appropri
atoly referred to the mat hie lines laid in the
streets of Venice, which, leading to a com
mon centre, directed all who had lost their
way to this well-known point; Urns illus
trating the teacher’s influence and power
to direct youthful minds heavenward. He
closed with a touching little incident, which
left a good impression on the audience.
Rev. IL Mathews, pastor of the Presby
terian Church, read, and the school sung,
“Hast thou gleaned well To-day declined
making the remarks he had intended, on
account of the lateness of the hour, and
returned thanks for the use of the church.
Prayer was then offered by Rev. Mr. Cros
by, “Home of the Soul” sung, and the
audience dismissed with the benediction.
And thus closed one of the most, interest
ing of the School’s anniversaries.
On Christmas morning, at lOj o’clock,
the M. E. Sabbath School held a children's
meeting in the audience room of their
church. There was a very fair representa
tion of the school present, and quite a
number of visitors, notwithstanding the
inclemency of the weather and the fact
that ’twas Christmas. Several appropriate
hymns were sung, a Scriptural lesson read
and illustrated on the black-board by the
pastor, and then came the most interesting
i part of the services.
W. J. Jouos, Esq., then took the plat
form, and before closing revealed the real
i object of the meeting. Ha referred to the
time when he was a little Sabbath School
1 scholar at the old church on High street,
contrasted the small building and its rude
accommodations with the present beautiful
edifice, its conveniences and various attrac
tions. He spoke of the numerous changes
that bad taken place within the time men
tinned, remarking that one thing about the
school remains unchanged, and that is, the
same Superintendent that had charge then
presides now. He then paid a high tribute
to the faithfulness and devotion of that
officer —Mr. Wm. Torbcrt—stating that for
the last thirty-five years he had nobly la
bored in the interests of the great cause he
i had so early espoused, never absenting him
self from the school, except when it was
absolutely necessary. He said the school
appreciated his long and valued services,
and as a token of regard they had pro
cured fur him an elegantly embossed chart
of Palestine, handsomely framed in solid
walnut.
When we state that the Superintendent
knew nothing of the object of the meeting
or intention of the school, his agreeable
surprise may be easily imagined. Over
powered with emotion, the venerable
gentleman rose, and in fitting terms ac
knowledged the gift so freely bestowed,
expressing his surprise and pleasure at re
ceiving this evidence of esteem from the
school. Nor was the pleasure all on one
side, for the givers seemed to realize ’twas
“more blessed to give than to receive.”
Rev. A. S. Vaughan then addressed the
audience in a few impressive, appropriate
words, and was followed by ftev. Janies
Mclntire, in an address well suited to the
time, and full of love and tenderness.
As tears of joy bedimmed the eyes of the
recipient and speakers, they touched re
sponsive chords in other hearts, and love
and gladness and good will beamed forth
in every countenance. Once more the
school joined in song, the choir sang a vol
untary, and the audience was dismissed, all
who participated feeling that it was indeed
a happy Christmas.
The Sabbath School entertainment, at
Zion, was quite satisfactory and successful.
Rev. J. D. Rigg and lady contributed
largely to the success of tWe enterprise. A
dramatic piece was composed by the rev
ernd gentleman, for the occasion, and ren
dered by several young ladies, who received
much praise for their performance. The
receipts amounted to upwards of SSO.
Taking Down an Old Church.— The old
Union Church, near the residence of W. T.
Miller, Esq., is being removed, having been
superseded by the erection of a new one.
The old log church was erected nearly fifty
years ago, the pen of logs having been
raised on the 23d day of August, 1822.
Rev. John Smith was then on the circuit,
and drew up the subscription for building
the new church. He was a small and ac
tive man and spoke fluently. He after
ward joined the Protestant Methodist
Church.
The log church was quite small, being
only about 25 by 30 feet, with a small gal
lery. The carpenters were Samuel and
James Cummings. It was the first Metho
dist Church iu the neighborhood, the meet
ings having previously been held in the
house* of the members, particularly in the
houses of William Tyson and John Wil
j liamson. The latter contributed very lib
erally to the new church, in furnishing
white oak logs for erection, which seem
nearly as sound to-day as when they were
first put up.
Of the men who were then iu the neigh
borhood, there arc now but three remain
ing there Jesse 11. Simpers, Stephen Ma
honey and Samuel Hanna.
About four years later a meeting was
held in the woods adjoining the church, to
celebrate the Jubilee of American Inde-
I>cndonce that was the fiftieth anniver
sary, being the 4th of July, 1826. There
was a sermon in the morning and one in
the afternoon, by the ministers then on
the circuit —John Goforth and Edward
Page. Richard B. Thompson was there
and made a prayer in the morning; he was
a member of the Maryland Legislature
and resided near Back Creek.
It was a warm day and the people walked
jto Jameson’s spring for water. I recollect
seeing a copy of the Elkton Press on the
ground, having a copy of the Declaralien
of Independence, which was then usual in
the issue preceding the 4th of July.
That was a great day throughout the
length and breadth of the land, and was
I rendered memorable by the deaths of John
Adams and Thomas Jefferson, prominent
members of the committee who reported
the Declaration of Independence, and sub
j sequcntly Presidents of the United States.
Some years after a frame addition of
about eight feet iu length was added to the
1 west end of the Union Church by William
McClelland, who afterward removed to the
West, and is now Jiving near Fort Des
Moines, Iowa; but the congregation in
creasing, the old church has been succeed
ed by a much larger and finer building.
Of the prominent local preachers who
officiated in the old church, a class always
worthy of honorable remembrance, may be
named Thomas Warburton, John E. Sim
pers, Reece Mahon, David Jenness, John
Ford, Nathaniel Wiley, John Reed, Thos.
Miller, Jr., Joseph Miller, and many others.
4.mong the circuit preachers was Wil
liam Uydpr, a plajn and earnest old man.
who toid qf giving hP I') 8 business, that
a batter, and disci,aiging ji,s qppfapji
hoys, that ho might obey the pa|l to preach
the gospel.
Thomas Miller, a native of the neighbor
hood, a larger man, who spoke in a soft
-0 voice in ordinary conversation, Imt when
folly aroused in the pulpit, could !>c heard
d at the distance of two miles,
e Soloman Sharp, a popular preacher, hut
rather eccentric, who said ho was glad to
leave them, as they had never made a least
for him during his stay, but had fed him on
i- the giblets.
i, John Nichols, a young man of tine lai
s cuts and address, and of great promise, Imt
s who subsequently suffered from mental
aberration.
s Many o the is might be mentioned, and if
1 all the incidents connected witli the history
of the old church could be wiitten, they
3 would form a volume of some interest iu
the neighborhood,
r Since the building of the old church a
new generation has arisen, and most of its
r early members have been removed before
i it their remains lie within the snrround
i ing enclosures, and the inscriptions on their
tombs form a part of its history. mV.
—Advice to our readers patronize j
1 Wanamaker Brown’s Oak Hall.
BAY VIEW ITEMS.
1 Mr. Editor. —Please accept the congrat- j
illations of the season, I hope you have had j
11 a happy Christinas, plenty of turkey, and j
happiness at home, and good, true friends
to converse with around that “old fashion
ed fire of yours.
Here Christmas. —Christmas also reached
the hill country long before day on Monday
morning. We were aroused from our
peaceful slumber, not by the song of the
angels, but by the agency of gunpowder,
as report answered report, we quickly
bethought ourselves that the great day had
come. Commemorative day! not rightly
understood by some, nor appreciated as it
should be by many.
Smiles. —Our stores were open the entire
i day. Our worthy Host was as usual, bland
ly smiling, and a number of our young
I folks took to smiling also, so they smiled
lougly and oftenly, and by the ninth hour
of the day the strength of many waxed
weak, especially in the knees and the lower
extremities; but they deserve some credit,
for no angry words were exchanged, but
little swearing was heard, and there was not
one light. At North East, lam told the
same manner of “smiling produced no
less than half a dozen quarrels. Now,
Mr. Editor, wasn’t I right!’ I always told
you this was a very moral place.
Poultry. —Last week our neighbor, Har
vey Reeder, shipped to Philadelphia about
1,800 pounds of poultry, all raised this
year by himself. Right good for Harvey, 1
ain’t it

Sale of Real Estate. —William Davidson
recently purchased of Messrs. Warburton
Janney, about 40 acres of the “Cleadcn”
property with improvements. Price $2,250.
John White has also bought of William
I Davidson, a small property near this place, j
for $750.
Kicked by a Horse. —On last Sabbath,
Nicholas Milburij was badly kicked in the
side and stomach by a horse. He remain
ed senseless and almost breathless for
some time, but is recovering,
i Eire. —William Johnson came near hav
ing a little Chicago experience of his own,
,on Wednesday morning last. The chim
ney of his dwelling caught fire. In the
second story was a stove-pipe hole, covered
with muslin, this was soon consumed, then
the licking flame had free entrance, devour
i ing, in a few moments, one of Mrs. John
son’s dresses, leaving nothing but the iron
work, and was rapidly appropriating other
material, when Mr. Johnson and some i
other men, with much difficulty ended its
progress. As the mill and dwelling are i
connected this might have been a disas
trous affair. Moral.—Cover stove-pipe
holes with metal.
—The largest in America—Wanamaker
A Brown’s Retail Clothing House.
NORTH EAST ITEMS.

Donation Visit. —On Friday evening, 21st
inst., the members of the North East M.
i E. Mite Society, together with other friends,
made a donation call at the M. E. Parson
age, and deposited a number of seasonable
articles.
Hard Freezing. —The latter part of last
week, the cold was terrible indeed. The
thermometer indicated, at one time, it is
said, four degrees below zero; with a series
of snow falls and fine sleighing.
Christmas. —The weather was foggy and
unpleasant all Christmas day, and the
walking on our streets very muddy. The
holiday passed oft’ very quietly.
Concert and Exhibition. —The Exhibition
and Concert of the North East M. E. Sab
bath School were held on Christmas night.
The attendance was large, and the receipts
about forty dollars.
Child's Bite. —A few days since, a child
of Mr. Louis Hahn became choked with a
piece of bone. While endeavoring to re
move it, the child bit him on his hand,
which, in a few hours, became discolored
and very painful, and caused great suffer
ing.
Religious. —Last Sabbath being Christ
mas Eve, Rev. B. F. Price delivered an
appropriate sermon, and also at the night
service. On Christmas morning, religious
services were held at an early hour, as
usual. To-morrow Sabbath) night being
the last of 1871, appropriate services will
be held in the M. E. Church. That occa
sion will bo followed by an extra meeting
in the same church.
Mad Dog. —Mr. Madolc, residing in Elk
Neck, was slightly bitten on one of his
hands, by his own dog, on Tuesday last.—
The dog was supposed to be mad.
i Money Sale. —The North East Building
i and Loan Association sold, on Wednesday
i I night last, $1,600 at 10 and 11 per cent.
premium.
FOURTH DISTRICT ITEMS.
Religious. —Protrated meeting has been
in progress at St. John’s Church the past
two weeks. There will be preaching at
1 Taylor’s School House, on Sabbath after
j noon next, at 2) o’clock.
Runaicay. —Joshua Green and A. Rus
j sell let their “colt” run away, while out
sleighing, on Saturday last, spilling them
i both out, —one on each side of a tree, near
i Sentinan Son’s store.
Lost a Horse. —Joseph Sweeny lost a val
j uable horse, a few days since. Cause sup
posed to be lung fever,
i Schools. —The public schools here are
p closed for the holidays,
i i Improvements.—Mr. A. R. Strahorn has
1 built an addition to his barn. Mr. Moses
Blackson is making preparations for build
i ing a large barn.
j Died.— On the 22d inst., Mrs. Elizabeth
Adams, in the 83d year of her age. On
the 26th inst,, of -consumption, Jennie
i Morrison, aged about ID years.
How to Observe the Holidays.— The
Holidays should be impressed upon our
minds by some pleasant remembrances.
1 I Some good action done, or some act of kind
ness received from another. The good
I time should bo spent so that we can look
back upon it without a reproach. We
should have some landmark set down by
which we can remember bow the time was
passed. One good way to have a continual
;oiiiim)er would be to purchase a Suit'of
li,'e l l j'p)eii(lid CJfjtljiug now fiejngsqld al
greqtiy reduced prices by Bi;*NgtT i’Oo”
Tuber Ham,, No- sfß Maurer Street,
half-way between Fifth and tuxlh streets,
(I Philadelphia. 1
ii RISING SUV ITEMS.

Cold Snap. —The cold snap of Wedneo
t day night redeemed our chances of waking
wheel deep in mud for some time to come,
t though it leaves our roads very rough,
i Visitor. —On Wednesday evening, during
the absence of Luke Brown and wife, at
tiie fair, some scamp succeeded, after niak
t ing several efforts, in getting into his
i dwelling, and after giving its contents a
thorough overhauling, took a watcii and
f left. Several other houses were visited the
same night, but not entered.
The Fair and Fedi.-ul for the Hall is said
to be quite it success; but as tlie thing is
not cyphered up will give .more particulars
in my next.
Lecture. —On Thursday nett, we are to
have Rev. Dr. Willett’s to lecture in the
i new Hall. This being the first star lec
turer we have ever had to visit ou." borough,
no doubt a good turnout will gree t him.
—The bottom prices—can always be
learned at Wanamaker Brown’s.

SPECIAL NOTICES
Deafness, Blindness f atal rli.
J- ISAACS, M. I)., 805 Arch Street. Philudelj
j Oculist an*l Aurisf. Professor in the Medical Cull eg <f
Pennsylvania, of the Eye and Ear. Persons afflicted w itb
diseases of the EYK, EAR. *.r CATARRH will he sd
tifically treated and cured, if curable. lie has been p*
niaiieutly located iu the city fur 8 years, and makes tl ie
abre, specialities iu his practice.' The Medical*facnl ;y
is invited, as he has no secrets in his mode of treutnier .t.
eye* inserted without pain. No charg. #s
made fur examination.
Jan 23,1869—1 y
The Great Pictorial Annual.
Hostetlers United States Almanac for 1572, for
distribution, an a us, throughout tho United States, and
all civilized countries of the Western Hemisphere, will
ho published about the first of January, in the English,
German, French, Norwegian, Welsh, Swedish, Holland,
Bohemian and Spanish languages, and all who wish to
understand the true philosoph}’ of health should read
ami ponder the valuable suggestions it contains. In
addition to an admirable medical treatise ou the causes,
prevention ami cure of a great varielyofdiseases.it
embraces a largo amount of information interesting to
the merchant, the mechanic, the miner, the farmer, the
planter, and professional man; and tho calcnlatioas
have been made for inch meridians and latitudes aa are
most suitable for a correct and comprehensive National
Calendar.
The nature, uses, and extraordinary sanitary effects of
Hosteller's Stomach Hitters, the staple tonic and altera
tive of more than half tho Christian world, are fully set
forth iu its pages, which are also interspersed with pic-
torial illustrations, valuable recipes for the household
and farm, humorous anecdotes, and other instructive
and amusing reading matter, original and selected.—
Among the Annuals to appear with the opening of the
year, this will he one of tho most useful, and mat/be h<vi j
for the asking. The pr iprietora, Messrs. Hostetler I
Smith, Pittsburgh, Pa., on receipt of a two cent stamp, j
will forward a copy by mail to any person who cannot
procure one in his neighborhood. Tho Hitters are sold
in every city, town and village,and are extensively used t
throughout the entire civilized world.
Dec 2,lS7l—lni
IS OTIC E.
The unexampled satisfaction that NATTANS CRTS- I
TAL DISCOMKY has given this vicinity, as evidenced j
by tho repeirod orders of so me of the first druggists
indnee us to direc t especial and particular attention to l{
the great fact that by its use you gain all tho advantages
j claimed for the many poisonous compounds in use, to 3
wit: the restoration of the color and growth of the f
I hair and the speedy removal of dandruff, without the
least possible injury—as Crystal Discovery is positively
warranted to contain no poisonous substance, ncithe
Lead. Sulphur or Silver.
Its perfect cloauliness is a reason not lightly to be
overlooked; it will neither stain the skin or clothes— in j
one sentence, it is exactly what has been wanted fur u J 1
long while, a Restorer of tho Hair that may be used
without the fear that you are going to have Neuralgia,
Paralysis, Load Colic and various other complaints, the t
resnlt of tho nse of lead preparations. j
As simply a dressing for the haif, it hue also been
found to be unexcelled.
Letters in our possession might be published by the i f
score, all recommending it in the highest term*, of
which we promise to give you some in future.
By all means try It, n we are satisfied it will give you
i entire satisfaction. Price $1 per bottle. For sale by
druggists generally. ARTHUR NATTANS,
Inventor and Proprietor,
Washington, D. C. j
To whom address all orders.
For sale by 11. 11. Mitcuell, Ulkton. and N. B. Morri
•on, North East. [June 17, 1871—tin
m
Tlie ladles will find Mrs. Nelson selling
off her stock of Millinery Goods at greatly
reduced prices, preparatory to laying in a
Spring assortment.
Some of the greatest BARGAINS ever
offered in the county, to be had at Ford’s,
Zion.

Mr. H. H Makinson, of Port Deposit, is i
selling oft his entire stock of Furniture, at
reduced rates, to close out business in that
place. [tf 1
A Icicli is selling out his entire stock of
Clocks Watches Jewelry spectacles, Silver
and plated ware, at reduced rates, to close
out stock, [tf
—Head-quarters of the Clothing trade— J
W. B’s. Oak Hall, 6th Market.
Found.—On Wednesday, 20th, a Fur
Cape, which the owner can get by calling I 1
at Mrs. Nelson’s.
A Big Stock of Goods at the Bee, Hi re.
Cash only, and if that doesn’t mean cheap
we don’t know what does.
THE MARKETS.
CORRECTED EVERT FRIDAY.
Elkton Markets.
Red Wheat i 50@1 55
White Corn ,55(0)58
Yellow Corn 55(n;58
Oats 40(k48
Cloverseed 5 50@ti 00
EVERY ONE TO HIS BUSINESS.
The Knights of the Yard Stick and Pint Measure to
their Calico and Molasses; the Tailor to his Goose, Jtc.
Hewing: Machine* of any kind, as to name,
style or PRICE. supplied by the undersigned, and no
advice given unless asked lor. B. E. Lodore
fi®-Sulmcriptiou taken for the “American Agricul-
turist, SI.OO per annum. [Oct 14—0m* j
FOR E.E3STT.
An eight room lIOUSK, with Cellar, gtn.il J
Stabling. Slaughter-house. Corn-house, Gran-pifaH
ary and all n-c. usury outbuildings. Also. 7
Acre* ol good Truck Land, locatnliSA
within 2*£ miles of Port Deposit. Situation healthy.
Apply to D. T. SIMPSON.'
Dec 23, 1&71—2m Port Deposit.
GROVER BAKER
SEWING MACHINE COMPANY
HAVE MADE
E. BROWN BRO., 1
Agents In TUkton, Md,
First-Class Sewing Machine.
Having stood tin* test of nil rivalry tho OROVER k
RAKER n**w stands the Sewing Machine of the day. I
Getting our supply direct from the Company we sell
at FACTORY PRICES, ami on liberal terms.
All the new and improved Attachments, Needles, and 1
best Machine Oil for sale.
Machines sent to auv part of the countv.
Orders solicited. E. BROWN k BRO., 0
attf 20,1870—ff Elkton, Md.
FERTILIZES R.
PERUVIAN MEXICAN GUANO, J
Zell’s Aiumoniated Bone Suner-Phosphate
ti
Wattson Clark’s do.
Rhodes’ do.
Baugh’s Raw Bone do.
Bowers’ Complete Manure, I
BONE DUST PUBB,
And othe\' FertHiaern,
FOR 3A LB BY
JOHN PAUTKIUGB, f
1 U S 19. ELKTON, Ml). I K
THIS WAV, GENTLEMEN! FARMERS AND THRASHERMEN LOOK TO TOUR INTERESTS.
9k TiTSifr* MgjS
lap- h-f-f c
’Tis often asked why MlCilCllCP t*-ll many MachillCb? And it is invariably answered by saying because he sells the 15est
lie sdis tho CELEBRATED WHEELER, MELICK CO.’S HORSE POWERS, diftVn nt kindH.s j Also, ThraNher* and
ftlmker*, Thrasher* and 4’leaner*, EXCELS IOR JIAV TEDDERS, ITIIICA 11AV RAKES. WALKER HAV RAKES, KKVSTONB CLOVER HILLER'
CORN SI (ELLERS, with and without Fans. MOWERS and REAPERS of tho moat approved kinds. All of which are offered at Prices and on Terms to suit tho times, and
warranted as represented, oa- uo sale. REPAIRS ALWAYS ON HAND.
A. J. MIOHENER, Agent,
Aug2o—tf COLORA P. 0., CECIL COUNTY, MID.
WILMJKO i ON.
L. H. FOULK, ail
MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN I K,
BOOTS and SHOES.
Having taken tho entire interest in the old Bland
formerly occupied by NICHOLSON k FOULK. at 102
Went 2d Street, Wilmington, Del., and laid in a large
stock of
j BOOTS -A-ISTD SHOES,
I i ivite tho public to give me n call. Having peut
eleven years iu the buMuebs, 1 fuel assured I can please
all tastes.
All orders will ceivr my special attention.
L. H. FOULK,
102 West 2nd Stkeet, W :j ton, Del.
april 9. 1870—tf
THOS. y, it NORMANDIE,
303 Market St,
WILMINGTON, DELAWARE,
IMPORTER AND DEALER IN
China, Glass, Qneensware,
SOLID SILVERWARE,
Fine Plated Goods,
IVORY HANDLE CUTLERY,
FITHKR AMERICAN 0U FOREIGN.
Hard Rubber Handle Knives,
THE MOST SERVICEABLE YET MADE.
SOLID STEEL KNIFE,
Blade and handle forged in one piece, and heavily plated,
making the most beautiful as well at* cheapest and most
serviceable plated kni.e in thjp mark< t. A great favorite
with all.
PINE FANCY GOODS.
Suitable for Bridal or Holiday Gifts, in endless variety.
Toilet, Tea, and Dinner Sets,
OF FINK DECORATED CHINA.
GOLD BAND AND WHILE CHINA
Dinner, Tea. and Toilet Ware.
WHITE STONEWARE
OF ALL THE BEST MAKES.
CUT, ENGRAVED AND PRESSED
GLASSWARE
OF EVERY DECRYPTION, AND AT
Prices that will defy Competition
HAVING RECENTLY ADDED TO MY STOCK A
FULL ASSORTMENT OF
SOLID SILVER GOODS,
No Ilouje in Philadelphia or New York preuentu u greater
variety from which to elect all articles of Table Ware
Tlie Prices will always be as Low.—
First-Class Goods can be furnished as
A careful inspection of the Goods, and
a rigid examination of Prices, is earn
estly invited.
All Solid Silver Ware will be sold as
low as Tiffany Co., and Ball,
Black Co., of New York; Baily
Co., of Philadelphia, or any other
House, having any reputation for hon
esty and fair-dealing.
t W EVERY ARTICLE WILL BE
GUARANTEED TO BE EXACTLY
AS REPRESENTED.
Call and examine these Goods before i
purchasing.
THOS. Y. de MORMAVDIE,
302 Market Stre Wilmington, Del.
May as, XS?o—l>
THE CHRISTMAS I
1
HOLIDAYS,
1871.
To the Citizens of Elkton <f vicinity.
Wo have tho honor to call your attention to the fol
lowing facts:
The Young Folks demand u share .f your attention
•luring the Holidays;
Wo promise to furnish you with
MASKS,
AND
HOLIDAY GOODS,
of any and all descriptions, at the lowest living prices.
The arrangements we have made with foreign manu
facturers, and our facilities for having our goodi
IMPORTED DIRECT,
enable u<i to compete successfully with ihe
NEW YORK PHILADELPHIA DEALERS
We invite you to visit our establishment, and shall
be pleased to have you examine our stock, and after a
thorough invusligaliou of the goods and prices, we feel
confident yon will become our patron.
ADAMS BROTHER,
506 MARKET STREET, I
1
WILMINGTON, DEL.
Nov 2i, IS7l—tf 1
JUST OPENED—A lajce assortment id ROREA
RUGS ami llOttSE COVERS, which will b‘? Hold at
great I v reduced pikes froai ia&t year, by
•ct 7 JOHN PERKINS, JR-
I GRAND OPENING FAIL AND WINTER CLOTHING:
AT DE WOLFS,
308 MARKET STREET, WILMINGTON, DEL.
H HAVING THE
Largest and Best Selected Sled of Gents’, Wits’ and Boys'
WEAR
t to be found in any establishment iu the city. lam determined to compete with
any Philadelphia House, in Prices, having purchased all my stock before
the great rise in Woolen Goods.
A LARGE STOCK OF
Black and Blue Beaver and Fancy Uassimere Suits.
Fur Heaver, Hluck and Blue Heaver Chinchilla and Melton Overcoats.
A GOOD OVERCOAT FOR XO.
DdiF’Call and examine for yourself. [oct 7, 1871 3m
miIMHIM. lollOVE!

A Rare Chance to Buy Cheap Goods!
Mj mi "w 1 m
IS SELLIiG Off VERY LOW,
PREPARING TO MOVE ON THE IST OF JANUARY. TO HIS
NEW GLASS-FRONT STORE,
Dec 2,1871
(WSTPETSm GOODS.
GRANVILLE WORRELL,
220 222 MARKET STREET,
h vfm a mm— rmr ,x&. 9 nm ■-z■
THE LARGEST STOCK OF GOODS IN THE STATE,
And one of the Best Assorted Stocks in the country.
[S*Tlic patronage of flic residents of Cecil county respectfully
solicited.
ALL GOODS WARRANTED AS REPRESENTED.
GRANVILLE WORRELL,
Sept 9,1>7* -7m et 3IARKET HTBEET.
ft ILMINGTON.
NEW PREPARATIONS.
E. BRIXGHURST k CO.
i drain* to call the attention of phy hi a:n and other*
j interested, to the following new preparation* of theii
<>wn manufacture, which are destined to cenpy a prom
inent position as the most popular of the slthitivf
I TOXICS.
Wine and Reef,
each tablespoonful representing the nourishing constit
uents of <ne ounce of fresh Beef, with tho gentle stimu
lating properties of Pure Cherry Wine.
Wiue of Beef and Iron,
containing the same as the above with the addition of
throe grains of Citrate of Iron in each tablespoonful.
Elixir of Beef,
each tablespoonful representing the nourishment of ope
mince of fresh Bvef, with a dessert-spoonful ot Finest
French Brandy.
Elixir of Beef, Iron and Calisaya,
each tablespoonful of which contains the nourishing
properties of one ounce of fresh Beef, three grains >4
Pyrophosphate of Iron, eight grains of Calisaya Barb,
with Finest French Brandy.
The above elegant preparations are palatable hud
grateful to the taste, acceptable to the stomach and
uniform in strength, having for their basis pure Kvtr.ict
of Beef, the nutritive and restorative value of which in
debilitated conditions of the V>>tem is well established. 1
They are eminently adapted for the treatment of those
suffering from th** debility resulting from protracted
illness, in the sinking stages of typhoid and other fevers,
in the exhaustion and fatigue arising from exe***>dve
work, loss of appetite, impaired digestion and dyspepsia.
As a restorative and invigorator they are invaluable for
the convalescent, in the debility atccompaiiying old age.
in the rapid growth of children, and in all forms of gen
eral debility attended by defective nutrition. Hei vons
prostration, and .in impoverished condition of the blood.
PRLPVRaI) and sold wholesale and retail cv
E. Bringhurst Co.,
C or. th market Sts.,
ang 5.1871—10 m WILMINGTON. DEL.

Valuable lowa Lois Houses, 1
IN ELKTON FOR SHE.
The subscriber will sell, 011 v rv reazoimplc terms, the
VACANT LOT in Elkton. at the corner
Main and Bow street*, and the ground on Bow
street, running north, and including the two lllirj
BRICK I10U4&A. uow occupied by E. Wesley jisSOB.
Janney and Willi* Unitor.
The Lot fronts 40 feet pn Main street, and W opo r.f
the iu,ost desirable locations in Elkton, aa a place 1
business.
Persons wishityf to s'auifo nu eligible stand fbr bxv>i
iiess in Elkton are invited to examine the p'.vmku.*.
♦*r*Tlc prop* rty vvilj be in IcUto <*UU pm chns
ers; and a plat cl th- same can W seen at th- ••thee of
11. McCvllovgb. \vhoiu inf aniatruA, aa b<- o'..lii;vd
iu regard to price aad ferms of sgV Or a letter x.blr* NSeil
U* the utvlertjgped. ’t FtVJUI Rtfeet. N- w V**rk. will
receive prompt MiU uVuVt.. JullN MOORE.
Fob IbAbnU
Cl HAIX BAGN and Tarred Hope Yarn
X fr tving fodder. For sale *v
•ctU JOHN PARTRIIKIE. 1
WILMIXOTOK.
PICTURE FRAMES, &C.
F. McMONAGLE,
.VAXurvcrrEEß op and dkaler in all kinds or
Picture Frames, Looking Glasses,
CURTAIN CORNICES,
And WALL BRACKETS.
The Best and Cheapest Assortment of
PHOTOGRAPH FRAMES
IX THE STATE.
j Entire satisfaction guaranteed in ouniity and price.
01)1) FELLOWS’ HALL,
Corner TTilrd .V TUn Street#,
WILMINGTON. DEL.
\nv IS.ISJI—y
BANKING HOUSE
or
JOHN McLEAR SON,
NO. 2 MARKET STREET,
WILMINUTOX, DEI,.
fIFPIKITC f ,OT,i Individuals, Finns.
UtrUOl IO lhnka and Corporations, and inter
est a I low <*l. rhecka pnvalde on presentation. without
notice, fiie same as at a National Rank.
PHI I CPTinNC M Alli on all accessible
uULLLu IUiIO point* in the United States.
Canada and Europe. Dividends. Interest and Coupon*
olleeCed and promptly accounted for,
rtQrtpiJQ PROMPTLY -\ocuted for the purr base
MM UCflO H*nl sale of I. S. Bonds. Delaware Stub-
Ponds, Wilmington City Loans. Rank and Railroad
Stocks, on commission. Also, the Gold Bonds f
the Northern Pacific Railroad Co.
fIQACTQ i r at v pave’ 1® on demand in
UnMl I O England. Inland. Scotland, Germany
France, and other countries, issued at lowest rates o|
exchange.
INFORMA f ION
I made (or investors. .JOHN McLEAR A SON.
Nov 2.\ 1871—fen
FOli SALE.
t The IIOI'SE AND LOT. on Main ■*:reef. Klkton.
where 1 reside, will he sold at a Kiigain.
THE HOUSE fm
,is a large L M 2 story Frame, -it) feet wide and 4*> |.'a|Es
leot deep, contains Id room- mm I has a dry Ue
lar under the whole. It is lighted with gas; ha- u mo.,
room, supplied with hot mid cold water; a large hr i. I.
cistern in the cellar, and u pump of excellent water
the d*r, There is a splendid Chil-on range in tl
kiteheu and Bihh heaters in the parmr mid dining roou..
THE X.OX
I is .*.l) feet fr* lit. :!0l) fee\ deep and well slocked with
grapes, cherries, plnu\v ♦m i ots, hl.iekln-rries and oth<
small fruit. The i* very pleasant and desiiwh)
for a private m-.-, and with small expense could ho
i con verted tirst-clas- house.
W. P EWING.
Kiki. ,1, mj.