TIliRTV-XlKTll Y....R. NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1871. PRICE TWO CENTS. :'M
THE RUINS OF CHICAGO
A Storm of Rain Follows the
Storm of Fire.
THE CONFLAGRATION AT AN END.
Eight Incendiaries Hanged lo
Iimp Posts or Shot,
OVER FIVE HUNDRED LIVE8 LOST.
Thrilling Descriptions of tho
Flro by Eye-Witnesses.
MRS. POTTER PALMER'S ESCAPE.
Not a Bank, Hotel, Express Office, or
Kailwny Dopot Loft.
OYCR Omi0,033 ix property cone.
Over One Hundred Thousand People
in the Open Air.
A Special Mooting of the
Legislature.
Vigilance Committees ami Soldiers
Guarding the Kuined City.
At 1 o'clock ycstcrJny moralnp tho great
inllagratlox in Chicago nil still raging In nil
tit relentltia fury, and there icemtd but little
kopo for the ill-fated city. Block after block,
Direct after itrcct, and district after district, iuc
tumbed to the devouring monster. Fire hun
dred precious lives are said to bars been lacri
Bced in this fiery lake, and hundreds of Til-
nable animals perished in the flames. The wind,
J a Inch during the da; liad blown a moderate gale
I from the routnward and eastward, driving the
I pinion of the city, sudden); shifted to the
I eonhwanl, and droro the destructive clement
I hick upon the southern district, which it wis
I thought would be (paicd. All hope at once
I led, and the sufleiing ones gave themselves up
I to despair. In the dark, and with the crackling
I names above and around them, the houseless
1 and terror-stricken people dropped on their
H knees and
9 miTID TO GOD
M to stay tha sparse. The prayer was answered
IAl three o' lock the huge clouds of rolling smoke
from the imus aU.e.(.d iu tho beacons, and gun
fas moisture from contact with the cold air
above, descended in refreshing showers. The
progress of the flames was apparently checked.
Iltit human ingenuity was brought to bear like
niie. (Jen. Sheridan with a large force of sap
Jers a id miner.' undertook the talk of fighting
the tire god. He blew up and demolished whole
b'.o.ke of buildings, and laid waste entire streets
in the pat.i uf the flarncs. To add to the horrors,
which at this time mut liave been indescribable,
soon or eight fiends were caught in the act of
U ing the torch. It is hardly necessary to say
that ther were e.ther sumiuauly hanged or shot,
a wis most convenient.
Aud then came a despatch saying that the fire
as still rapidly "pronding, and again the hearts
of th p-op!e fell. And finally telegraphic com
munication Mas entirely supended.
tiu uksat nE qccsciiip.
Hut fin illy a despatch, came via bt. I.ouis and
Civmnati, announcing the following glad
i..i njs
-f. I.on Mo., oc'. 10 S P. M. A despatch just
teceited lure states that a heavy rain storm set in
I i-l mUt at C ilc go, and that tt.e Are has been ex
linguts A tremendous pall of smoAe envelopes
IU rn el rit;. Bui the miss o' burning and reit
tot J 'j 'is U fearful io c juterao'ate, bat there Is
ivtn r.ssoo to hope t.aJt tbe tire Is staled beyond
Pit iiis.tinlity of renewtl Tuoutinls of prop c
Ira I" ,n tie n by every available conveyance,
--gr-i.arvTrr-s; n oclis are bjrusd ovr, mid lie
los. h larionlj e'l iutc1 at trom two to throe
in .died iuiiIious of ito .art. Several churcl.es on
iVal i-1 aienue and e towi ere are dsttrojnj. The
U'ti.' t great hutels, mat of the Falinir House,
1st I. fit uj.iau'iied.
it.' '.r goo It hous.-s of Messrs. Field, Letter A
O. Firweil A Co., lltmlia II die, and In fact
liry store o' auy note 1st the south dlWtion 11
-ne
Many of the thousands of homeless sufferers will
it.rie un. fmtarr prompt re itf is rendered.
Ins njroi Chicago is utterly ruined.
iLttrisa IS TUB WOODS.
A large camp lias been formed ometde the city;
leuls are belbii supplied to tome, but thousands of
people are sleeping on the irround. In the western
District women sod children throng the streets anil
I sis cooking thtir food at small Crea built along tre
ruibitones, At least ten thousand wealthy business
men sre to-day left penniless,
l'olicies of Insurance are looked upon s worth
j less, as, on account of the overwhelming estent of
j the losses, It Is not expected that they can be paid,
It la now certain that the loss of life his been
i my heavy,
j a wuole wagon load or iiii) nomas
was carried througn U'.Latj avenue last erenlnj.
Cuirauo, Oci. 10. it l literally true to say thai
tin ie la noti.lr.c rciualniu: of the nortn side, from
j it river nortn to Linroln i'ark on the north and
Irum the north brai.cii of the rim on the west to
I lbs lake on the tint.
j 'liiis portion ol the city, oicepi along the lualu
1 river, vilitre there were business Blocks, was occu
d by Jml.lnis. Two thirds uf the population of
It i district Mere Herman and Scandinavian. Tnssi
(tuple are now homeless. Some of tbem are U
In me ouil lines on the northwest section, and others
9a tiit prairies, without ahelter tnroaehout the dar.
Tour lay a renewal uf tna nrea ou tho .d
nn looked lor. and a clianje of fire degrees In the
liroction or the n mJ it any time wou'd hare led to
I'.ai result. T.iere would then have bten no refuse
hrany. Ewrtboai bad their clotbtnc picket
RtU'T to start run IUI I'lUirtlC
I' an moment, lint Got averted this Issl possible
IM t n r-u. tti.itjip At sundown tb wind
u I, bod at 9 o'clock this morning the ratn, so ler
f''? J.J., .I tcct ra.n loac, but
"8" for'e o'ri oiloTuTi "the crJouThTv'e beerwetT'
H lo tut no it is ,io- i bit to have flrei and cook food
lor tor n,u titudsi.
A mm a; of cltuent was held In the First
fartrejanonjl Clurco, In Wet Washington
K'loi, .cii was cuniinued lhrouhoil the uuM.
BiHir. i y,ttt concerted to irolect wnal property
s't. ai d to privije for the hpmslsas,
rt-t-ua in J Uil.aCr.JH. af'.ie N-f.h.
western Msncfs'tnrlnr Consinr, hsrs contr.vel a
plan which Is being pat Inti etseatlin, for provld
log water In east of Are breiklng out at anr time.
The rrachlnery of their woras Is being ue I for that
purpose, an their enrln anl boilers sre being used
for pimping water fro-n the river.
ut' also MCsDMms io L'wr rosrs.
Fifteen hinlrei c.t X'ni wets sworn la last night
st an extra police force, and the Secretary of War
aiitliorixid den. Slim Ian to employ all ar (liable
troops for 'U.inl, .in 1 issued an order lo. one hundred
thon'ind nitons Five nun tret soldiers an nn
dutv. Tms precaution was necest iry, for, as remsrk
nb.e as It inav seem. Dure were (lends who still
sousbt to .'X'.enJ ths disaster.
1 wo inen rauilitln tie act of S-lnghnnisi on I'm
Welt side wre arretted and Immtll.ttlr hong b
lamp po.ts one on Twelltl street, near the river,
and theolhei t ire miles sway, on C. a) Lurr.it avenue.
North side. This tain liar action bis clieckel the
thieves and n.nrderers,
aid to arar Tna rt.AKr.1.
Tfn arrival cf Creaen naJ epglnei ron Md
wiukee. Ht. Louis, and other cities has apparently
lestored conflj-n.-e. The Cincinnati train arrlvtt
t' ls mornlni with foar en:lnet, llirse Irotn that cltv
anJ ons from Diyton, Thsy were i.telitetn lours
n the war, havlni to chanxe tne route tfflee, and
then finally cane via Piqua and Io;ansporl. TI.erc
was an Inrxptesslbte ploaure la seeing these ex.
peilenced firemen go rlgnt to wo;k ins buslnes
way where won was most neeie I. Ther are plir
Inoucoal piles, to av wlisteverof lud Is possible,
ond trevtntmi tna Inrtl er srread of Cuuii. Ti,c
vast tlatn Is covered with teop e, waiiderinx about
seeing the evldcticss of a wealth that haa completely
vanished lo flimes and amoke. A lew buslne-s
nun with some nerve are seeking houses for bu-l
nets In the Wet Site. Ilooms that rented last eck
for (SO now resdlly command tS.WO. There are
not many of the'e, but eaon;U lo allow a few bus!
nasi rasa to start.
ritital or Till XIWSrAPIBS.
lie newipapert will be again started tnafes
days or weeks. The lion. Joseph Uedlll, of the
Trttunt, who is one of the heaviest sufferers, suc
ceeded yeiterdsy In leasing a building on Washing,
ton street, at trie Tunnel. lie also purchased two
single cylinder presses nsed in a Job once on tre
west aide, and has telegraphed East for paper and
type, there being nothing lelt here. Mr. Morr, of
tbe Tlmtt, will erect a rough one-story bulldlnr,
and begin the Is-ooofthat paper as soon as rrate
rill Can be procured. The Journal Is provided for
ont'.eweit life. The ltt, PfinUlcan and Slaalt
ZiUung ".v ill alio arrange for business as soon
practicable, but everything mutt come from else
where. There Is nothing left.
rnoviDlMO roR Tin nourins.
Water for dilnklng and household use Is secured
from tbe lake and rark, and for horses fiom the
river. Thtrt are a thousand people ramped about
the artesian well, four miles out, and pernios as
many more at the lake, upon Fnllertou and Victor
avenues, near the prairie. The people are being
fid In tbe remaining churchti, school-houses, In
sheds, and by the roadsld. It was did anl c.illly
tbls morning, causln: great suffering, but It Is now
clearing up again but Instead of this being wel
come, the people are rraytnf earnestly for more
rain, so fearful are tl.ey of a continuance of the
JUvuu3XifitJiat!SiCT
Further In'ormatlon w.il be sent as soon as re
ceived; meanwhile we give a report of tbe Are and
Its lncldinls. specially prepared lor the Associated
Preta t) those who witnessed and Coo; hi the llamcs
throughout.
TUX ORIGIN 0F Ttlt PISaiTIR.
Late on (Sunday evening a boy went Into a atable
on Dekoven streot, near the river, on tl e west side,
to milk a cow. carrying with him a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over by the cow, and the burning
flnld scattered among tbe straw. This wss the le
glnnlnz ct the great Sre. A slegls extlnculassr on
the ground, or active work of the ponce iu tearing
down cce er two sl.sntle. would have prevented
toe spreading flimes but the engines were walled
for, and, worn tber arrived, the Crimen, stupefied
by their exertions at tne first Are on Saturday uuiit,
worked alomy and clumsily. Tlielr erlorts were un
availing; tie wind Irom the south est blew a gale,
rapidly the flames shot from bouse to house and
board yard to board yard, until the district burned
the r.Ulit before was reached. MeanwMIe the
flames bad crossed the river north of Twelfth street
on to tl.e sonth tide, nnd made for brick and stone
aud bull ies blocks, railroad freight depots, aud
uanufacturln: eatablls'in ems.
MLITOUr ACTION OT Tnt A t'TUOUITI tl.
The lu.l extent of danger vtas rea'.ixed lor the
Arst time. The Fire Department, already Urn out.
norked like heroes, and the Jlaror and illy goiern
rnrnt. tta. hadaupinely rested, uuw began to exert
thtmselvu, but the opportun) y had been lost.
The lime when thoroujn orjauixition could h.vc
blown nobuldinci or prepared for thetmeueno
uec.ectrd, ana It was now a fiiht for llle. Ti,e
iad blowing a sllf) gala I. ail potstailon of the
flames, and the beauti'ul nulldinis, Chicago's clor",
ay beiore Hum. Hiirnon, Vn L'uren, Adams,
Mouroe,and Madison itreits wero loon reicaeu, tnc
Intervening Ibcts Iroin the river to Dsarborn
strectonlliv tail, bilug consumed. Tureeiju irtirs
of a mile oi tinci dIocks vine coosumod as i' by
mazlc. It teina Sunday, proprlalort aud euiplorett
ne'e at borne, utterly unconscious of u t was
tiausrlrinc. ThuveMbo nw the llimst suppo.e
i; was Hit) lemains tf Suturday nitni'a Ale. and Lav
ing conOdence Iu the Fire Dapartineut. wore u.i
cuncerneJ, but oetweru Hand 1J o'clock u rum ir
got i.tirja-1 tlmt the ;lr s
IN IUX Dt'HlNEH fOKHO.N or TUE CITT.
Then Ills people couimouceU muvnw, llors-a
neie orou.ht Into tei)Uisition to take the proprie
ion and others to the conlligrntton. Wu.it a s em
li.it their laze I The Hoard of Trade. Court House,
Western Union Telegraph and Associated I'res
USlce, and hundredsiol oil er buildings were all line.
Tiie a.r was fl led with live coals, which wctvhurleu
lo the i.or'.h and last i beacon of destruction
Tne Are engines wire pontr.es. lor saving. Ah
that rum coild do was to bio up buildings, but
this aiailtd little.
The Tlmtt, Trilut.t. TVs, Jltpu'llean, Juurna!.
and other impiwr oScts, tnt Western .N..
Company's block, Fltld A Leitter's establishment,
Hie llrake block, recent!) built, Farwell A Co.'s, all
were soon Iu ashes It seemed tint so sooner had
tbe fiarae itrcck s will linn It went dlrecll,
tlrough, ind a very few minutes indeed to destroy
the most elaborately built itracturi the walit
melted, and the very brlcki were comumed.
Ilia woopxn PAVkaiiNTy took riat,
making a continuous steet of Aime, tno miles loni
by a mile wide. No human belne could poasilly
survive many minutes. Illock alter block fell, and
the ted In t coal sbot li :l.cr and higher and spread
lurther and lurtlier cntll tbe north aide of Lake
street was a vast sheet of flame Iroui tbe
rner 10 tie lake at one time, so hemuilnr In the
tcople tnatlt as eapected thousands must peritli
bheiuian, 1 reuionl. aud other hotels were emptied
of their guests, and a remarkable skin presented it
ttlt In tt.l liurrju-t! ihroi-ga twtb ir.mi, sacks, or
bans on auOkldeit, AeeUc aiaid flaces 'or tilth
lues, lnose who cuuid made for tbe remaining
bndjet, otheri got next to tbe lake shore, and io
louth.
One block in all the wit business lection re
mained st datlight, viz.. the Tniunt block. The
Ca.'.uui House and lienors Mok, 'r; Dearborn
street, had burned, ami tuo wnu had foui.l the
Aamea here thought at leait lull block could be
tiled.
GALLANTRT or Tilt MIMLLS.
A patrol ot men under Sam MculII meet o3 live
coals and put out flames in Ibe side wal s, and an
other lot nf men under the direction of lion. Jeeph
.Medlll, watched the roofs, Al naif patt 7 o'clock
t) Is appeared sale, and most uf the men went 1 1 gel
""en of T67'T'X' 'Wffiwrwwt to vatju ;rrc Tt
t uut building, but there wai a change of winl T n
flamci reached Wabath av., filate tl., and Michigan
asenue, and soon McVlcker'i theatre caught Cie
In a few aomenti the Trllunt wai In flames, ana
al the last moment tbe sleeping men were aroused
and rescued (rem tbe flames. Ily 10 o'clock In the
forenoon this remaining block was In allies, Now
wc to Ci icea tte acil rtairtaUe light my be
held In this oranyother country. There were (rim
City to seventy Ave thoussnd men, women, and
children fleeing by every available street and alley
lo the southward and westward, attempting to save
their clothing and ihtlr lives. Every available
Venice was brouiht Into requisition for use, lor
w nidi enoriuous trices were bald, and the streets
aud lUeoalis ortientod n sight.
rntoutriL sen is.
Thousands of persons sou horses Inextricably
CO umlngled poor people of sll colors and shades,
and of every nationality, from L'uruoe, China, snd
Africa, tna.t with excltcnie.it, struggled with earh
other to get away. Hundreds were Iramp.ed under
fool lieu and women were loaded with bundlea
and their hoisehtld gools, lo whose skirts weie
dinging tenter lulsnls, half dressed and halt fo.it
e all seeking a place nf safety. Hours aflerstar i
these n Ighl have bei a seen In vacant lots or on the
atriets far out In tl.e tuburts,ilietclied In tbedn-t.
Those are the sulTtricg lambs whom C'l.ritt now
calls on the rich world to feed and clotae. Ood
help luem tf the hurl of man shall prove obdurate I
One of the most tltlful Hints was thai of a lolddls
agsd woman on State iircel, losiled with bundles,
strutting through a ciowd timing "lie Mother
Oooe mekdy," Cl.lekery, Chlckery, Crsny
Crnw,"'-I went lo tie we, I lo w.sh tuy tt'e," Ac.
There wete hundreds of ott ers likewise distracted,
and Ira le desperate by wt lkev or beer, which friui
excess of thirst l,.vy drank In nbstnee of Water in
i real quantities, v l.o strcad tbemselves In ever)
direction, a terror to all Itcy met. It Is fear'ul In
Itlnk or the loss ol IKe. It Is conjeitured, with
good Cause, tl.at neatly
riVK la.vsuxu nAVi dun iilrssii to heitii.
W(T saw foul men enter a nuinlnx rullulnz, ana In
a moment lUey were ov.rvvlieluiel by a falling wall.
Tnere was a crowd of men around the comer of a
building trying to save properly, when the wall
jielulnr, aouie of them weie bulled beneath It.
About twelve or tteo men, woaio, and ctaildrrn
rushed Into the building of the Historical tlocP.tr, a
a Br proof bulldlug. for safety. Ia a few minutes
lb flames curst up and tley veer burned lo death,
Among thote who look refute la lb la butUIng waa
the venerable Col, Samuel Stone, elrhty year ot
are, for a long tlm connected with tit locality
also, John tl. flerard and wife, Muie. Depsltrone,
tbe noted teacaer of noilc. It Is feared that Dr.
(rear and family werejalto burned, at they wer In
the bulling and have not been seen since, lira. Ed
tall, ivnoe hutband waa murdered laal week, am
who was suBerln: from an Illness, was carried away
for protection to a building which was afterward
consumed, and II li feared the alio perislted.
TUI tlMNCIIMTIOM r-BOCLtMATlOf 00X1.
All the books and ptpsit of 1 1 Historical Sacle
tv. tnelud'ne the orlrlnal copy of He faruoui Eman
cipation Proclamation, President Lincoln's, for
winch the Society paid aJ.OOO. were iltitroved.
It li feared that a large number of children, In
rcalet of t ie Cataollc Orphan Society on State
street, were alto burned, as nisuy of them are njtt
leg On Chicago avenue a father rushed up etslrs,
bearing teree children away, waen he was overtaken
by tbe flames and perished with them. Tho mother
was aiterward seen on tbe street on the northnest
al .e a raving maniac. In the tame neighborhood a
family of Cve persons perished. The list of such
latalilles Is very lonr, and ran only be fullr verified
?ArJ.'.'f.,Fi(,Vj, fi'jL' Jiijfjim'ijify.-. .T?rfU.Ci,
hundreds of families on that side who saved no
clothing, but baiely tl.nr lives. Among these is the
uiuiily of Terry Mnltli, f rxeiiy President of tne
Northwestern Ilallroad Comtany.
tu toss iWO.uvO.WO.
A carefel server of tbe Insuranres to-day shows
that there was written on It, properly destroyed
over 1 800,000,000; sdd another f 100.000,000 to tills
sum and a lair estimate cm ba leached ot tne loss.
All the leading merchants who have been seen ex
press their determination lo resume business al
once.
Tbls includes heavy houses, such as John V. Far
well FeM. Leiter A' Co and fprk'U. W irner A
Co. F..rwel. A Co. sr.' Field. Leiter it lo. eased
Irom t-loO.noo to 500 000 wotta of coeds, lljtli
Arms have alrrad) rstati. lined hcadqurtera ou ths
west side.
Field, Letter A Co. have Just Isined the following
clrcu'ar
to ovn riTBONi.
We have saved all our Imoks nnd papers, and
ave opened an ofnVe i.t 00 rn'unnt avenue. We
trut you lully appreciate our situation and all who
ire Indebted tons will make irmnrdhte payment.
We shall never cease to thank jou for past i.c
linns In i s'mrt time we expect to be reorganig-U
aid reaty lorbu'lura sonn.
(-lined) FIELP. I.SITCIt A CO
The Kitnlng Journal and Trilunt hope to publish
small aheels tu-morrow. At a inedl ig of tho bun
ness men to Cay a spirit waa maiii i'sted to at ouce
tet to work to
BIDl'lLD Tilt CITT AND RESTOrtB ni'SINCSS.
A special meeting of the I.eglslatar Is to he he'd
to r-rovloe means for aiding the business men un
providing eiurl yment for the poor. Fears are
enterlslred rhut the despvrate illnress ol so nriny
will create squads ot n,l.a;cr. and that
lifi- will not be sale. lo l oik re tl c-e
(len. Sheridan It trlegrar"pg lor mor.
troops nnd special police forces nre l.t-lnc or;an
ixed tiv the cltlxe.-s. The only e'Jectual remedy Is
in And emploiraent tor fie tnousmdi wuowouil
iiikif they eiu d T e teinjonrr ifllceo: thr
We. tern Union Teiagrash Companf Is
Tlino.VUgD HT Tll ll'aA.SDS
uxinns to adis friends. Tne o, viators are i usy
Hery moment, hut s the numh-r wires available
ne ft w, and tho Sri. in the cuu-r.ry tii -eaten tin so,
tieii. Miger r.as itirtc e I tl.a. ur vste aiin', )m
ages and A-toclated Press desp iu- ,e .lull f,r'
.o. 1 1 e general press report wilt covjr every th..i.-.
.11 no pulm or exutnso is btina spared to rendu
t its reliab'e and perfect. Arr mil lier ts halo uc en
made by tne Post OH a authorities, tin ler directl a
of Col. Wood, lor sending, retelling, aud distrluu
ting sll mall matter,
Thr lire (lul-Srvru or l.lulil lurrnillnrlr
llunued iiimI Mint.
Assochtd l'k UrriPE, Nnv Voag, Oct. 10
j P. It Tho leport received at a late hour this
afternoon and bulletined throughout U city, that
tl.e fire bad broke out again In Culcago In a quarter
hitherto untouched, happily proves untrue.
Qua. Palmer, Vice-President of tt.e Western Union
Telegraph Company, on reading the report, te.e
graphed directly to Oen. Bister, Superintendent o
the Company, now at Chicago, for confirmation, and
received Ibe following reply:
Chicago, Oct. 10 i P. H.
Gin. 1'almir.
A fire sinned In a small building on Thirty-first
street, but waa speedily put out.
1 re incrndlarlra are busy, but seven or eight have
been hanged or allot st sight.
(Signed.) ANSO.V ST.. CEIL,
Tbillllng Statement of n Cousin of Poller
Pnlmui'i it Itrliigre Irom liiimso.
At a late hour last night a party of eleven per.
anna arrlted in this city direct from Chicago, having
lortunately been taken on a special express train
which left at about 1 o'clock on Monday morning
il.er aru Jatuia T. Hitchcock, tdear M. iir.uitj
J .hn t:.'.chti.,ud Bij,-mI Hudljyxf Kw llaien.
Conn., Mr Abiel Palmer (cousin of Potter Palmer,
the Cilcego millionaire), Mrs. Palmer, three chil
dren, und nurse of Chicago, and Oilier Button of
Waterbnry, Conn. Mr. Palmer, who Is thoroughly
acquainted with the toporrapby snd population of
Cbicigo. lurnishcs the tollowlnti
Ou fciiurdsy ailernoon eeverid small alarms of
fire were sounded, out uoue amounted to niuc.i
until about lu o'clock At 11 we lonkid out ol lU
windows, and aiw tne tk) crimson with the rvd c
tion from the Hunts, and st midnight the glare 111
up the streets and even sent out brilliant flame over
tne like
Kverbody In lie Trem nt Home was op all night
le.irlui of what unglit happen. Ail day Mindaj t c
excl emrnt continued but It was not until nl:ln
mat ti e wuis. ..ame From the iovf oi our bote, we
LOOltli oTin Till DOOUID CITT.
t .V..was-.n.'sJ x-lxf tl tie il-iviii4 jet
tiiu flames termed to to in .1 ..ireel ons, an ea
panliue srytne mowing great aud increasing
loans wun 'rlihtful rapidity. We ciuid tlnnk
of nothing else but nell Tie AanTis were in some
places like huge waves, dashing to and fro, lejping
up and nown, turning and twisting, and pouriug
now and then a gre it column of smoke aud b.sli
nundreds of lent Into Hie air. like a solid perpen
dicular ihsft of niol en metal, lu oti.tr placea It
would dart out long streaks, like mammoth auueon
ilai, with, bluing, Airy touxues; then then ssrveu
tine eMpes wonld sreoop down over ths blszng
patn Into the yet miburrel LulbMngs, wi.irn
seemed pierced r.rd kindled Instsntsneously.
There were slio blllowi ol flame that
rolled along like water, snbmer;!ng evervlhlng in
their conre. Now ana men, as some eiob-s'v
matorlal was consume I, ths p sea would seem Ilk
tna crater ol a V ist lolr.mu. tufts of smoke n 1J
fi.isl.es of lit it and millions of sparks and cinders
leinl rcitlited lu all diiectlon Hitnelliuca lie
air would be fnll of mem. and fasts of wind would
float them like flocks ol flr-blrds hither and thither.
Occasionally ILme were cinders uf more than two
leel In lengln. Showers o' Ihese were fsllln
actually raining don everywhere. Our faces were
s't ng and our clotting now end then set ou Are,
until we cot wet umbiellaa and Held as slili ldl oler
us. I here was a terrible fa.dna'.l m in g ,g,ng upon
the scene.
IT WAS INCAMnLT, IllbtOVS, TXRRlrlC.
Our eyes stemod rlvltxl so that we enuld not
sMUiilr w fieui. Hiere were miles of Are, moun
tains ,,f II, me, w ases of light, llishts, clouds, bril
llint scintiliallona With ll.a aid of classes we
could sea tho streets t.ironced with eopi living
lor thlt lis cr. 1 1,1'dren were carried, ureamine
olt'i terror, won, en ner shrieking, mea wire
snouting, and all runrlng. We sawaoiue "id and
sick aid helpless ctrrleJ on ilretc ers, s apfar
er.tly nen ennd tr siaicfed were itrsgted uh nr.
Clott to tl.e.r hci 's. tn nol pnrsuli, rtn e tne he'eh
m, ro.rin., and c nl.lmg Ur e. lu tome p' cs
they ariuill) ndvacced at f.tt an a man coul
run. Ih most awful of sll was tne
thuiiderojt loal mat sLbied to rod up.
ward and outward lioin lie centre of tne
huge holocaust. Now there wond be a report IU
the b um ur distant gum, again cam a inapilng
Ilk lie rattle ol musketry lloraea lus id like
man lots throuaii the streets Ons spltndM team
attache i to a coach ran ovei the Van llurtn bridge,
vihicli bad oeen chairtd and weakened. Justus tl.
na,t horses hU passed t e cenu It cave wai, und
rtjiev piun:J don u tnrou .li tnt lurl l glar into the
sc.ir'el riser below. 1 here weie all sort ol scenes
liaoni nlng sntne hoirlMc, oil rrs rlduu ous. IK re
and there, when si mi ta,l luilding btcilue shee ed
in lla i, ih walls cu.d wi.kcu i.i.d waver like
inula luboer. It was on o.fal how lliej somellnius
swaied almost across tbe street and then lei! with
a Ion i irasn; then a iiomintary duraiic.i, and
alter ard .icsn glare) of light irom so ,,o newi,.
.iiidlil Are Lien thos tueets that wet paved
wltu I., muouu palsnn ncio
uilsxs or LITg COILS.
Tlx ir.ss'lte crsnlie slabs wsie cr.uktd Into
tl JU-snds ol Mccrt. All tnlt tlm tb best us
seiy ,icat. Ily and by It griw io inlsuas that no
I he coUlJ stand witulo blacks or th plac. Over
tne loon ran. gusli of hot air, aomellmet tlmosl
atrong enough to tlnow nn off hit fesl. Our shns
ire parch in Ha roof was hot, and w wer
feri-ed Uo-n below. Tbe greatest tight was to no
tic l.ow 1.1 flames seemed lo engulf the Isrgtr
nud more 1 ,fty Manaatd ruo's. ihey went Ilk
naper. Th hotel waa croidej. All wer
excited and Itirfnl. Every inomsnl th re
porta came that Ih flra waa rearing ui,
and Anally we knew we could not remain longer.
Escape was the only tuou;ht. At lnldnljhi the
flimlne: ho.t crusted lb Adams street brldi. All
tne till oslnz Hut .iad not been roiioved was con
sumed The isr aud other InAiramsble stntt made
au Intense il.nl. und the heat c.n Ik Imagined Irom
the clou Is of steam tbsi came up Iron t ,e river
1 be kerosene oil stores nude an aw.ul ycl suuli ..e
spectac e, as Ih flimes remed lo penetrate tne
vervcluuls. The l.ure Iron reservoir al tl.e g.i.
w,.rk exploded wltn Iretosadous force aud sound,
dtmollsuiug severtl adjacent buildings.
tVIRVDODT IltUID CgllOR ILIl ID.
Tue very earth seemed actually gaplag out fire,
flame, and amoke, at though the world Itaclf w as m
be swallowed up In the conflagration ilie ms
trom tl Ireniont llous when tue word was r n,
was akin lo a p. nic. iheitalrways sirs i, .id,
and as lbs smoke Irom the approaching Arr came
In pufls Ibrougu the wluaotia, the alluatloa teemed
irlgliliul.
In three eases persons Jumped from the windows,
and two cl. tl ru wert II si iu Ih beds snd thrown
rum tue lourih story window, and landed on tje
aveikonl un.njured. A Mr Jars Is had a broken
lei from spriniuig irom tne second story window.
,.a.'i:i.Vi.S?;jrJt.'!3!.,.li;.'t!UT
secure I a ft'ie and drove tow an tlm aubmb
oping io tet atv on nmi- extra train. Tbe horses
were slmosi ungovernable from nlint. omo ol the
bioCst wer I ..passau.e, being filled ub ruins. 1 1
nallv wt reached a train thai waa Juit being d.s
latched d.rect lor belp, and by ine ki mneis of tue
conductor we were taken along. We heard of
literal deaths and many belcg
swallowed cr in Tna rLiuu.
Certainly there must have been great losa of Ills
On firman drciaiea tl at I iree families were sur
lounded and burnt lo death tn in block boon 'ad
by A at., Jackaon, Canil, and Water streets We
s.w ginups of all classes ol People In the street,
some hatles. cost esa, eiarero..l and stile, ring.
r'ie o' l-ifse scre o Ibe weft'ilr rlas. 'Inav
weie sneiterlets, homeless, and overly stricken.
,i.d br ken .s i. el Inasanny nf muni In mne
cases, w litre leiat-ves were sjarc ilng bopoiessts
'..r nit"sii ouc. was piti ible to witness. No one
saved aiiituiug. There was no dunce. We threw
one trunks In ih strict, but ti.ere we had to leave
Usui."
Tne party proceeded to Ntw Haven this morning.
A (trophic Description of Ibo (iroal t'lr by
nn l'.yrt llueas,
CiitCAdo, Oct. 10. Tho lo. lowing description
of l' Ar has been rurnlshtd by a gentleman wno
aided In saboulng Ihu flams:
Nona but an lytoi.ness can for-n an Idea of fie
urv and power of tne f.re html as be revell.-d
nmong tha paiattil bolnlin and warehouses nn t n
touih side. Tne wind blew a nunlcai e. At timet
it seemed but tho work ut a moment tor the tiro lo
enter I ie south ends uf buiidin:s training ou Id
dolpti. Like, and Water t'reels, nnd reappear at
the iiniih doors and windows, bcictiing loitli in
Hi-ice tUm' w. Ie ntien licsod the opposite nu 1 1
igs The A mes ls-uin: mrl i Irom li e buiUlnt
on until tt.lt i He street would u lie und present
a so'id irs- ot die, lomp.aleir U.liug the atiaa,
iroui al e t si v. an I
siiootixo irwAUD a m'Nbr.tn rstr
inio Ihe ..ii above iie lijuietcps in tl.e lr lv. ilea
reer 'I l u was ttier' .ilivr tlreel u.led witu flj i e,
jiiliru.r.n: suuinl. wliuB cuunt uu.y bo iquallei.
bye in.'iirrg ilia noi.i ol tna urea i drivli, ni.n
r ca Le .eh r-b toe IioaI ol the uasi. Ilugi
wnl.s would tonplt end fill Into he ei nf nr
wlili'itll npturinti Civ.ug a sound, ll.e mar u
in r flrrce i-ieu eut s so ileal that nil iiiiuoi
sounds wore ealloed up und tho fal. ol Lu.l .un
sias only teriepiiblo to the eies If ti u roii.ifi
will recail u Ins inmd ll.t beuo.t ti,o. stori.i in
na eiit tiiiii'r, and liu-une tha snow tonehiauv
I turte I liber aud lb ther home t,o fun
.1 t..o wind, be will be i Mo to lor.u n
lulnl inncc Hoi o, the fla uos at t a
ru.i-d ll.ioin.li He streeia uf nr do ui.ed i ny
Many ol mo nud ,m uitod alung'u ith ia.
'.reel I'nad t 'fir rt nut rear wails in i.io n,!,,
t IIH riln into is ll t.iey
I'l l r,tn WITU A III.S,
1 lie neat wai so u. at t'n tro.n tuna oft p
niiiunu boiidt.... i.'ti' "l-i not no npi rum-
,u w ..bin loll le. t. a.l.i c. iiir-'or Hit in lu.ior ih
hlc i ii o Hi won i-1 b c i u un aa unit tne
Aiini. Ine Hie, s ler n ran t tin tu.ii.i.. pU.
mil I ltai.iio.iiii aod fuuih IVater streets leapi-u
Ihe river lu ibo norili m.i" in a shun lime, and
i uco milling the vmiden buildings on tuaisllo,
leaciiod tliss ake slioro ait'ii luucnlng Dlcca aiior
olocg ol dp tugs til" tleice b ast. a scene ut
-iich utter pJaoilesines. lu Ine ot an enemy w s
neter pr.teiitel Hun that of tins penide tning io
comoat the lire fiend, 'or Ihe CO nbvl w .s not in
long duraiiun ihs iiemile Iso e 1 tn r haiu in
anguitn ur spirit anJ sulfred th flonl to have uu
trammelled sway.
tui ugANtsT or nctiAN nrtxAi,
While Ihero traiuiny inttancea of tentraua dive
tion on tb part ol ncn and poor In dividing
with t.i destitute, there art painful Inttancei oi
maniia and aelBahoesa. Out person nat tryiar
to remove valuaole pipers fioua an o3ce, and asked
iwo firemen to help him, but trey related unless he
paid them ton. Tbe papers were destroyed
IJrlrere of tipr.ss wagons l ava taken 100. an i
even t500, 'or aa hour's utt of tlielr venules In
gellln. distressed people away from danger.
Among the sad scenes of Ih calamity was tl e
appearam a ol hundreds ol men and boys boattiv
inioneatsd around ths streets of the North Din
sun wi.era sa.oob TI.er' stoeas ol tiq-ijcrs w ire
.timed into the ttreet, and furnished a convenient
opportunity lur the yraiitciiion ol tneir s.aii.h
i lopeusiiics, tnd there tan hirdir be anr uouit tnsi
many ol ihcie p.or sre c es found their dea h in
the flames, Iroui srhlcn they were too help, ess tu
escape. One poor man nad cu wiled 'or rem e tuto
the wa er main, lying in tne atreet near tne water
wnrks, 'mi tne fl.ims found In in eveo tliere beioro
ha rou.d get h.i body wlolly In safety.
Tha (,'audltlon of be llomrlese-lnlrna nm.
terlug Among Ihr Poor.
The lUraM reporter furuisliea the following
Women and culldren are going arcund the burnt
district vainly aeiku g something lo satisfy their
hanger iheystg for relief, but there Is none to
give them. Noon has proviaions or money. What
provisions tber were vr, tbe cut now iramed ov
eaten, and aoine Is T.to'9'.ej hiVa tnovifc to Ian
ihem for a day, but not longer Provltlona hare
artived irom lletioti, Cincinnati, Mlln lukee, aud
bt Louis, and are eeing distributed aa fast as pos
sibla. Iweuly-ttiree dead bodies hate been taken
to a station on tr nortn side At the present lime
it Is impossible lo know who they sre. As meht
comes the want of cas is keenly lelt. ihore are but
law rirdles lu the rliy, and no water, exce, t what
.a tai.uu Itohi tl a uk. err trave (ear O'
otimoai BT Tiilkrxj
?n 1" irriA- ej.l ara lelt on vry hsiol tyn
Mieri.ii.o. who h.i 'fen a h-ri w irker un ibr"Ugh
l ie Ur", tl still cai.iug for Hoops Irom dil.rent
roin't to keep order. Ad business aud work is
suspended, and ever one It intent on Itcunni first
umttbing to eat ai d a p ace of shelter.
The indering on tn Norm Side n heart-rending
to wiineti, Fl ty ihousaid men, women and cliil-
Idren da title t toteiher 'Ike to many i. I anion s,
and In other placea 11,000 Germans and Irlsn pray
lug lor relie helileis chilJrea liking lor bread,
beail-broksa pa;inli who know .ol wuich way to
turn or what to tiy, int notlilni tn do hot await
the distribution of supplies, which st best must he
a alow iro-jetdlnt, i there are parts nf district!
over which It li ilmost Imnosilbl to travel pre
sent Indeed a barroalng scene.
lunnowixa acini.
Women In ths flmcs of Mil t-blrlh, ind rsllenti
who have been moved from beds of sickness to
save tleir l.tos, wlncn tt Ihe lest were nearly
pant, were all exposed to the rain of last Light
and lite cold raw winds of to-day.
Several deaths have ocenrred at Lincoln Part,
anl Ihree women has brooght children into the
world only to die. There are people who, In Ihe
hiltarness of their tonls, sscrlle the cilamttv to
Uod's Judgment. A (ierinsn saij to ms.'-Tbls Is
secord f'udom end Uomorrab, and lb curse of OoJ
11 on It
Another nit' t trust be spent In 1 Inroln Park and
Irnk fields at Division street, nnd jet another and
mother. En h trait, nnd extras nr lotdej to their
fiithst rnpiel'y, tmlng people sway who, In many
Instances, have no place lo go to, vet tbey cannot
slay here; ami esery train la obllasd to leave Av
limes as many psssenters a. they tak awsr.
Every precaution Is being t.ken by the suthort
ties
TO flCARD TUI riOPLl
tonl'ht, and If morning cornea without robberies
and trtirders thee nil will thank Ood, and go lor
wrtl with courage
The Ii diahsuills Fir Department ar here and
doing r oj servile.
Springfield und Peoria have don nobly, contri
buting liberally, Th exprestion of tympany on
all haiide Is most gratlfttng. hoi help mull come.
'ihe Extning Journal got out ha. I a sheet to-nlrht,
a d oi ner pai ers w 1,1 follow lo-morro a, some presses
hating been lound.
Ti. private letidencet of Horace While and Wm.
Dross snd the rrieuie nere consnmei. Mr Medlll,
Mr. Coles, and .Mr Wilson ol II. Journal, I, so
Mr. "tnrei.wrre forluuale,
Thotcneral ncent ol the .Ktn Fire Ininrnnci
Compnnr.of lltrtiord. announc-s that ibeCiin
Dans Mil tar every d liar of the insurance. Meat
In a of citizens In thn west n I r.orth sides wi 1 be
kept open tne rest of the night. '1 ha Commercial
Njltonal Hank will commence rebuilding on t irlr
old site tc-mnrruw, ti.ranwiille tbey reopen for busi
ness on West Washington ureei. Tiny npepJ
lielr vault tbls afternoon and nil tr eir bonis, pa pars,
m'inei and securitias were In pir eel oi dor Ther
is a rumor tint In a burnt blacksmith shop un Hush
slrssi
tin bodies or rtrniN uaat
were found burned to a crisp, ther having rushed
Into the t op to esciDs from lb names which had
surrounded them beiore they had discovered tnelr
peril. An immense number of people ar tnlisirg,
and for tne potpase of aiding la th dlicovaryof tnt
mlsiing ones, a central Intelligence office hit been
itabllshtd, where are collected the names ot alt
mtislnrones, and tbey ar glten to ths police, Th
line botel In the West Division, Just completed,
baa been taken bv Gag llros, Klce, lata ot th
Snerman Houe, and they will open II In ten days,
ll.a North Division Is swept clear from th Chicago
river to Wright' Grove, a distance of rrore tnan
three miles, lint one hou-e. tbal of Mahlon D.
Oguen, formerly th Hon. William B. Oden's. re
mains aian.lliir In ths ontlre district A lsr por
tion of tn populstton driven from thli desolated
griund ar enca-npal on the prairie to tie north,
ttre tbey have nothing but tne canopy of heaven
to cover tbem, and icarcelr sufficient lood to ssllsry
thslr niinier.
A MEETINQ Or Till CITIZEVt
of thi Slate was he.d this evening, at wMch rem
lutlons were parsed recommending (lov. Palmer lo
rail nn extra session ot the Legislature at one, Kt
Gov. Oi eaby w. s appolntod to pro.'eed lo Spring
Bld and lay the matter before (lor. Palmer
All the packing bouses In Chicago and many of
th (.levators rimatn nmnjured, and ties two
branches oi Chlcsgo's best property will bt but
tluhtli Interrupted.
The Directors of the Chamber of Commerce met
to-diy, and resolved to proceed at once to ths re
erection o their elegtnt edifice
Two cotni antes ol United States Infantry arrive 1
her tbls vting, aad will be at once put on patrol
doty.
Cen. Mhorlilnn'a ltrpirla to Die Secretary e
-wi--nre"tTr-.a''.Ttt.TV.'''- -The
Secretary ot War bat received tho follow
ing tr1rr.rros 'rem Geo. Sheridan
Cuicaoo, Oct, a.
ejen Cf.inap, Sterttatv of War.
The city ol Chicago Is almost utterly destroyed by
Are. There Is now reasonable hope ot arrettlng tt,
if tbe wind doea not cnanr. which la yet blowing a
gile. 1 ordered, on your authority, ratlona Irom ht,
Louis, tenia Irom .ItfleitoLvlllr, and two companiea
of In'aniry from Oaiaha There will be many house
less people snd much distress, (signet)
P. II. SlIKItlDAN, l.ttnt. Oentral.
5 ICON D DEar-ATCII.
lilicano. Ott. S
7o IP IT Billnap. Sfrrilary tf IPiir
lie tiro nera tail nignt and lo-day has deatroyed
almost .11 mat was vers valuable in this city. There
is not a business bou's, bank, or hotel lelt. Most
of Hie best pnrt of I e rity is gone. Without exag
geration, all tho valuable portion of the cits Is in
mine. 1 think not less than one hundred thousand
Puople are houseless and those who havo had t'ls
most wnsltn are no s poor. It seems to roe to t e
such a terrimo mitlurtono Hint It may with propriety
be considered a national c 'I imltv.
P. II. MiLitlDAN. LlrtilenanbOeneral.
CEN, UtLICNAI-'a KxrLlts.
asuimjTON, Oct. 10,
Utut.-O'n th'iutan. chiciav.
I agree with you that the fire Is a natlonsl calam
ity. 1 he tiitlereis linvv tha riurere stmpithy of ti e
ni'ion Ofii.era at Ibo uepots ut St. Louis, Jeller
sonvil.e, unit elsewiier have been ordered to lor
ward supplies llberuliv and pro-notly.
WILLIAM W. lltlLKNAP, Seo-atary of War.
Tilt SECRET IKT 10 TUE UAIOR.
to tit ilaioro ChKiai.
Gen. eherljan hat been authorized to supslr
rloitilng. tenia, and riuslslnn irum the depots at
Jilcrto'vl'e anl t Iwul" lo the exteni of the
aoilliv.ift' e Depirtroett.
WILLIAM W. IICLKNAP. Secretary of War.
Aunlhrr Illinois Tosvn nu I'lre.
UivriNNaTi, Oct. 10. l'nviite advices from
Urbihi, ill slate tl.ai a ,-oul p.. it ol Uit town haa
rrn il.atroye.l by fire. No particulars lisle leen
received.
Prnperlv Hint r.ai-nprd thei l'lniiirs.
Private despatches recalled th H.ls citv say that
tho nrw tu' ie e'i v ilor or tne llhno.i. I'entr.l Iliil.
road Cimpiiiy and Its contents are s.,ved, and Hat
utily twon y Irmglit cure aia destroyed Acuuuts
ami salnabiv p.pi rs sveie diusitei In tho nrvprouf
s i fee.
I no money nud taiiablo papers of the Merchants'
isii '.s Loan and iiusl I oaiuliy ai laporwd
ll oil
J.i.iii F. HatnDona Si to. nf Albany lesrn ll.at
tu wm. mi-.-, nn ii nvo was a.inosi inlrai uluusly
vol. N lU.is.m A Co.'s waiehouse was destroyed.
I'n'lmnn'a t'nr I'innrrly nfr.
The follow nut private despatch has been re
ceived in tlni city:
Cuicaoo, 111., Oct. 10.
o r IP.iv.
Wa hair saved all our properly. IncJu ling bonus
and papers, and have t-atnblistieil our heudiiuartei s
.Omar ot Eigtitesutli alree. mid Prairie avotiiie.
C-ignr.) (1KO. M. PULLMAN,
President I'u luian Palace Car Company,
llostou Loses,
IIostov, Oct. 10. Tho Hoston insurance offices
as far as ascsrtalned sre Habit for 13 100,000 In
Chlcsgo rlaks. The III J and Ltatner Inturanc
Company haa Ih largttt rltks, amounting to S0,
0G0. Ths losses of Hoston mercbsnts art propor
tionally small The princlpul losati In Ih E-.il
fall upon manufacturing coiupanlee, A large Hoston
clothing hoot wltn a braucn bouts io Chieago had
a building and goods horned valued at a quarter of
a million,
Noble tieueroHlly ol ape. .llcCUrr's Com.
miind.
yoiaa KJItor of Thl Ann,
Sir I'loase forward the encloied f 113 lor the
beiietit of Ilia auAureis frum tne Aru at Chicago.
The amount has bteu tendered by tn-elf aad tbe
nieinbi rs of my command,
Itcspectluily, Ac W M. HcCT.AItV.
I aptain Tan lv eighth Precinct.
P b, 1 have adop rd tils me. hod ol foraardlng
as 1 deam you are the be. I ludce uf that m si nee i
e I by thoso snfleriug peop e, P.aase appropriate the
at ore tor wo i voti ci'm most nesjtd.
New ionic, Oct. 10. nil.
Till! aUTEHSM r'S JlKSrOXSK.
Army Tenia for hO.ODO Prrtout-Tbr
llurued Hevruuo rslninp.
WAsntNOTuN, Oct. 10. Th excitement over
tbe (.'btcAfneiilim.')' sttorbs puhlie stt-nlino. TP
Wui DtyM-lt.t has tts en lidilici.i! (nciticiie-ns
concerning the furnish. ng of goods and supplies to
the aufiereri. Temporary shelter by meant of tenia
can be provided for about bU.OoO persons, and tn
Immense number of tents and blankets are to be
fur-varded lo Chicago from Piiiladrl;hla, Jifiersou
vule, Mo., and Iron other points.
Al the Caninei meeting 10-day, the first thai hat
boen held in rainy weeks, no top'C was dlsca-.se l
Vt H'e ra'atsiiy spj. ipP uir.nsjUe.Oovernmc.r
coutd adopt to ameliorate the condition ol tl.a suf
frrlug thousands In Chicago. The Secretary of
War. in this meetlmr. submitted two deapucbes
irom Oru Mhtridan, wherein tnt latter officer In
'oimed the Uovernrr tnt uf in distressed condition
or toe popultlian, tnd that he had taken upon In in
sell the responsibility of distributing tte surplus
mil tary stores In hts cnmmin'l
Tne I'reiider.t sanctioned this stop on lis rart of
Oto, Bcsrloau, and aulrjorniJ thi Btcrslary ol
War to telegraph ll Mayor of Chlcsgo thai the
people of fiat ritr had the sympathy ol in Govern
trent, aad siould have Ha al J so far aa possible.
In ccnicqncnce ol this ect.flicrath.n, tte War
Department hu extended in time of payment of
pvrrrasiaat the tale of tjnsrtermsster's stores al
JffTersonvlIle, Ind., for Ihe period of tnentvdsvs.
There ar fnnflr'nalorv reports thil the Govern
ruent moneys In the Sub-Treasury, whlCH ainnnnte I
to four millions oue-balf million being gold were
consumed.
Ihe Post OfAce Department has ordered that un
til further nntic all retlstered mall matter whlrn
Is to psss through Chleito must be mad up direct
lo destination, and not to CMcato for dlatrlbullon.
Many parsons lelt here In tl a trslns of tn day to
seek rut friends and relations in the nestrote I e Ir.
A I rge number of public employees havlni; friends
tliere, tiring unable to restralu their nnxlaly and
abide Ihe snapenae of not hairing from them, have
started for Chicago lo trcfler assistance.
Tbe Internal P.evtnue Office hit sent to Chicago
Mr. Edward Tompaint of that tftlca tu assist llio
.ettnut officers ther In recovering nr srranglng
their acconnts, and tenderlnr any assistance In his
pewer lo tie suttioiltlea Nearly ore million dob
lira' worth ot stamps were In Ih collection office
at Cnlcaco, and ll la supposed may have bteu de
ttroyad.
I oiimaiter-Oeniral Creswell to-day addressed
Col. Eistman, Postmaster at Ohlcaco. as follows;
In vonr rresl csismlty Iran eniy give general In.
Irnctlotis, Having secured liurllnmon Hsu tor a Post
limce. eolleci what material you have, reorganize and
an tbe brsi you ran to serve ine eoplei will si n lnn
plles tnimsdlatrly Knanp haa been aeni from New
Yoiktoiook alter the malla. Ilaora wilt also go lo
aid you."
Tbe subscription thus In tbe Cinsui Office IstTOG
aid rnoM viiii.u virir.s.
Tb 11 Inters of Wnshlnulnn r-ettlng on Kit-ample-
notion's HI (Ml. (100 -i lies svliolr
Country r.niplyliiB lla Coffer.
Sotno of the printers in the Treasury Printing
llureau In Wiahlngton started a subscription for Ihe
relief of their Immediate friends In Chicago. Sub
scrlptions then became general among them, some
giving the amount ot oco and others that of two
days' work. The plile printers, numbering 90, con
irlbu ed 1773. Additional auhacrlpttoni ire leases?
mala througnont Ih dapartn.tnls and among our
Ci la ns. Several benevolent osiocialloria have tastn
measures in th earn direction,
At a meeting of the amployeei of tl Oovtrnrasnt
printing odea this afternoon, Superlnundsnt Clapp
said tbal aa hs might b counted as an employee, lis
would there announce f 100 as bis share which
should accompany ths Government office coutilbu
Hon. In th absence of Gov. Cooks, Acting Gov. Stan
ton called a mass meeting of cltlssns oft' District
of Columbia for laal mint forth purpose ot rais
ing tSO.OOO in aid ot tn Chicago sufferers.
About all the sss clatlons and organizations of ths
city have called tnasltnrs to-nlghl to ral money
for the tuSeren. Numerous loclsllrs today have
orderot their treasurers to jura over all Ihoir avail
able funds loth Mayor of Chicago. It is announced
tbal the City Government will conlrlout SHOW.
BOSTON COMTRIICTIS (100,000.
A largt meeting was held In Fauuail Hall, Oaslon,
at noon yesterday, Mayor Gaston presiding. Ad
drones wer delivered by th Mayor, .isnatora Wil
jen and Sumner, the Hon. A. It 'lice, and others,
and appropriate resoluions adopted. A committee
was nppololed to oiled aid, and liberal subscrip
tions were made on tb spot. Henrv it. Kidder,
Treasurer of tb meeting, was authoniad to tele,
grain to tbe Mayor ot Cnlcsgo to draw lor $1W,0X)
at once.
Iltrkley Strett Church Society, at ths request ot
the Ktv. Mr. Wrlztit, contributed $1,0)0 in aid ol
the Chicago sufferer.
BCrriLO CONTRIRCTINO MONET AND rROTIJIONl.
I.JiJ-sri-. pa mpzUu. jij-a, P'.ji', J!afli!j JieU
at the Hoard ol Trade rooms yeiterdsy morning,
Msyor Uruah presiding, lo aitnpathix with tho
Chicago auAerers, eloquent aud leeltng addreases
were delivered by the Iter. Mr. Frolhlnsbaua and
Aslier P. Nichols. Compirollei ol tne Htste. Tnt
action of the City Council In Issuing 1100,(0) In city
bonas lor the Cnlcago sufferers was bsatllly en
doraed. In order lo make tb bonds Immediately
available, personal guarantees were givsa by promi
nent and oalttiy clllztus to lb amount of (10LUO0
Alter the cltiiena' meeting tbe Hoard ot Trad
opened asubscriptlou list for tb relief of tb suf
ferers, which was speedily being filled with generous
amounts. A second car load of proslslona left st 11
o'clock for Cnlcsgo.
aldani's oasiuoiiTr.
Al a meeting of cltlxeni In Afbanr yesterday,
llaynr inacher prtsUnig, addresses of syuipatny
lor tna Chicago euflenri were delivered bv tue Iters.
Dr. I lark and iLiritnc, who urged uicsl llbcisl con
tributions, A commiliee was appointed lo collect
subscriptions snd make airangeiueiita wlt,i t.i
ciergymeu for liking up collections In their several
cburcnes. Ihe Mayor oiled upon those present to
hand In their subscriptions, and In a short time f 10,
osy was rslsed. Tnt Uur-iest corps had ulready
I rwarded $1 000, and tho Atnerlcau Express Com
pany have aiiuounced tl eir readlhesa to forward
anything wbitb anyone may wish to send. Tne
Grand Commandrry of Knights i emnlart, now In
session iu Albany, hop to raite l.UoO Irom their
ii.cmbers.
DILTIMORE NOT BIDIVD,
TheHiltlmoro torn and Flour Exchange poster
day morning aptolnled a tomiml ci uf tun to so
licit contributions tor relief uf Chicago, and appro
pruted 3 00J, which Was Imniediitriv incioaaid by
individual tuoecripll hi lo over (7 otM. i n rtoc
L'xcuango also nudu an appioprtaitou fur the samu
hurpoae. Al a citizen' meeting In Mns.inic Temp a
Wm. McKnn, E-q.. siloscrilied rsj, and mlsancu 1
f 10. oo i or iiniuo nato use. 1 1 a llntimuru and llai.i
and t'enus) iv.n a KaltroaJs fnrsiard Iraa ull sup
pi es rontrihnia i on thel-routes aid r.'iinertiuns
Good leuiplarante gomg from nuuia lu house so
Hcitinz :io I lor breiiirrn in Ihlejju, aud ure u-ry
nieirt.fu! At the meeting of tl e House uf Ids i
ups .ha tho House uf Delegates of tho Epitoopil
l (intention iu Knniiuel I nurcli Monday incut,
t'.'.n.'-sj wua raited lor the C .icaru sull-ior".
N f'; evarj oMier liupnrtiiit rity an J lo a. n In the
cuuuiry bus already Cuuirlohted
littioiiAM vmsn j.v cornr.
Held ill 83,000 Hail in Auatvrr tliet (.'linrk-r
u. Adulti-ry.
Ssr.r Lake Citt, Oct. S. lltigliani Young,
accompanied by a number of Elders, appearel t
Court this alternoin, and wis liel I to ball lu JJ.iiii)
losnstser. lie passed through the cro ad irom Ins
rarrtige up stairs to the court rouio aluue, oUanv
hats were removed and other (XiresHlona ot
rf.ps-ct shown; hut tliere wire no shouts or
unity deniniiitra'lons. His appearand! I oiore
J u .to Mi lie ni was quiet nn l dli.nlle hut
le veeiiied oiilou.lv lory foelild liia ntlli t a
o' Hie 1 ourt tno-si-d inn all kicilness, runlini
him with it lara otav cm r. nnd keen nz llio r-nwd
at a ilisiaiice. U. uiiim'a couti-cl urst put In a pit a
ut abttrtnent, aiich was uvorru'ad. 1 nj i.t-'t
moseinenl was to quash the luitictmciu on the
ground uf the indictment enumerating s.xtoeu sap.
arato rn irgea, alleging that hn last ivmusly rouahit
tit with iiateen aiiinrrnt women llurnig tna argu
ment on this que. t. on Hngl am retired.
Hornce (Jreeley'a Otlrr lo Compromise lie
letted, Th Itepublican State Committee mot In secret
ssiiion la th Fifth Avenue Hotel yetterday to de
vis mesne for a reorganization of the party In this
city. After a long dsbat It wsa al length agreed lo
sead for the Hon. Horac Greeley and rrqueat biro
to make some proposition of compromise upon
which the present difficulties mliht be settled. Ac
cordlngly a messenger wis despatched for the great
Farmer of Chappaqua, and ths two soon made
taelr appearauce before the Commute-. D-.
Grselay W3a firm in tl.e righteousness of
Ins on party's causa, but yielding to
Ilia tamest tntreat.es of tilt uiuni.tte-. ha run
aenttd to advance the following propotltl tp for re-
oocinatlon That eacn wing ol the party should
c tost one man as umpire t iat these two t .ould
rhosealllnl Hhosnou.dact as final referee an 1
that whatever tbls latter a decision should bv. bo h
parties wna lo abide by It. Tna Committee, took
tins propotiiluu under consideration, and alter
much disi'ii-slnn rej-rtel it Hr ll i.isr w ,uid
yield nothing further, aud puttiug on his b.at k lali
hat, quit In i,ouuiil'.t.e tuuui iu toiroa if UwV in
tcger.
The Third Avrnua Hank Panic.
Tl.s run on the Third Avenue Savings (lank
continued yeater liy. From Twenty fliti lo fren
ty null street eilen leil Ihe Una of man wilting tor
their money; tint tome hundreds or woman stoll
rii) tl e ot'iar shla i'iia amounts drawn wen t'tiii'ii.
One gentiemau who had benn waiting tn tha croail
I ree hours draw tl 19, interest Included I'h.y
were pail at the rale of two tna minute, and a. ill
when tbe hour fi r closing the bank.1) u'c-ock
came, hundreds were Jul nailing, so that the ravine
had lo be continued two l.o r longer. ilhOlsiu
waa pud ou' The b ink n In f le) (sn more las.
tenl .y, so tnat n la sua 'as ,i) in adisn o uf tlie
d'tposiluri
llrnoklyii'a Happy Family,
.Tha Ji'jngs coi"jiv lletitiblican Cuiuni"in rre'.
and (ought list bight. The approaches to the hall
over tho 1'ostoaca wero crowded wllhmen anxious
to get la and policemen aonoiis to keep thsm out
Tha door was guardo.1 by a ran on the Inside, who
umoc-ed tt only to uumil titenibat and rauor art
Mr Dnlcher cslled tbe matting to ordtr tt 7 n 11, s
gavel was an iron gaa wran. h It si is a scan i
nproar from beginning to suj, and at a late hour no
th.iu bad beau done
HIUTING IN rillliADKLrillA.
V
rim 3iti.rri.fn hattlk with tub Villi
.11 Oil IS Mil II 111 H1HKKI. i ;ij
Naur of Ihe Itlotela Killed ar Wanndrrt-A 't
rraraal nl I'nlirr mirier Arrral-Tha
Itlnilrndrra la Caelaily-A Woman' Ala
Irnipl I Valei. 1
I'niLApEtrnia, Oct. 10. Serious riota liars
broken out In th southern part of th cltv. Four
or Ave inea have been killed and twenty Ave woond
ed. Three brigades of mllltll have been or.lero.l lo
the scene of Ihe trouble. Il.tccarty, a lieutenant o(
police, haa been arrested bv order of Juda Allison, H
an.l I eld In ILPOO to answer the charge of obstruct-
Ing Ih polls.
At on division of Ih Fourth Ward voting wai i
suspendeJ for a half an hour by Ihopollce. A novel
mod of assailing colored voters wa adopted In this
Wtrd by pelting tlitm with flour. In tin Fifteenth
Ward Ml-s Carrie B, Durnham, bavlog been prevl
ooily reentered, tendered her vote. She wai ar.
cumpanled by her counsel, Mr. Kilt ore. Tne Judge 1
informed l.er tbsl h waa Instm led not to rec.ili 1
her vols. After s long argument the lady pro
ceeded lo the Court ot C'linnon Pioas and m i le tin
plication lo lb bench for a mand i nus Ji t:o Alii- J
eon refused lo bear ti e argument, sayi .g that he L
I ad no lower In Issue a manuamus. 1
Ih trouble first commenced between the white 4
and colored men at Eighth snd Filawatcr streeia,
'Ihe crowd, clrawlnc toeether o Ihe report of a i
flght, iiLmnrred nearly 1,10. A ahower of paving
siones w.a flrrd, and th flrhl began In earnest. -Pistols
worn used, and a number nl men armed
with bright new muskets charged and AreJ Into tha j i
irowd. I he battle continue, 1 as the crowd paased L
UD Kighln street to Lombard, doan Lombard to
r-e i-sitii, down .Seventh to Soulii and llitouilt houtb
lo Sixth street. The striata, courts, and alleys
were swsrmtag with men, who flrtd upon each -a
other, l
During the flght In Lombard atreet, colored man 1
t r'" I H' muskets came oat ol an alloy Just bs
Ivw kcienth street, and charged upon a squad of u
teller, who were nicked he a host of sblrl-tlaevact I,
tupporttra, and ba ng beaten lue.k, rstrajts I lo a '11
tavern, liking up tlielr poiltlon al second-siory
windows. From tbls position thoy fired volley, I
whieii waa returned with tptnt, and for ten tula. J I
utes Ih beljiborhood reverberated with fie re-
porli ol flrtsrms, while missiles, paving alunes,and i.t i,
bricks wclnltj teroogli the air. I
tblef ol Police Mnlholland did bis beat with Mi l I
small lores to q eil ths olitnrbsnce. It did nol sf't-ili'
succeed, however, until over a score ot parsons I aa V V n,
ben vvoanded, snd, as reported, lour kllltd. Halts 1 J.t'11
di'xcn men wer shot In Lombard atreet, and carried If
olf by their frleni'i. Ciiisl tiulnollial rialored Ah I
order alter taking the itntleaders of both psrlltt
Into custody. Th not la aitrlbulabl to th ill. f
treatment of tbe colored voteia at Elzhtli and 1,,''
Tidewater itreela and nioreor lesa at all t.ic poll! la i ..fi
Ihe Fourth and liltli Wards. 1.
CTn lolluwinz Is a list of the casualties so far si j i
reported:
AdmltttJ to llotpilal 3 imn Ste vard, head badly
cut; Henry Lewis (colored), shot In Hie held and
loot by a policeman at Mlln and Lombard eirtttt
Frank llrook. offlctr of th Stventesntn Dlalrlct,
ttruck in Hie stomach nt Sixth and rlulpcan streets
Daniel HsJdlng, struck la rl;bt temp; William
Perry (colored), Ihol lu hip! Stephen llaker (color
ed), shot In side; thanes ll, Davis, agtJ li ar,
struck with a brick ot the bead, and badly cut W
llidabone. a.iot In legny unknown while iun aistli
and boutu streets; Lewis Ilaldean, shm In leg;
W m, 11, Cooper (colored), ml with a razor on head
and runt ahoulder, and and of right tkumb cut oil s
Jllin Fausolt, wotinoed at tnOi.ord street; Frank
Ford, shol In side at Kiibth aod bouln streets;
John Montiotnerr, wounded Hi tact and hnad;
Charles Johnson olored), snot In face at Eighth
aad Lombard streets.
AiiVetl-liaac Chats (colored), kills! on his own
doorstep with sn ste Scbanius Lenby, lilncipsl of
Ih I olors 1 High School, aliol dead during au ar-
r ViT-ATr? rVa, v.vw ...fn..-.
T1IK KI.IX'IIOMS.
Tha First Deapulcltea trom I'ennaylvnnla
The Hlnlr Itrpubllcuii by Tcu Tlinttsnuil. f
l'uiLAbtLriiia, l'a Oct. 10. Th Sixth Ward
of the city gives lllddle. Democrat, lor Major, SM
majority. Dtmocratlcgaln.lt'). tl
Kiesenlh Ward-lllddle, Ut majority. Itepubllcas
gain, IS. v
Thirteenth Ward Stokeley, ttt mijorlty. He- 1
publican fsln, CL
Slxteenlb Ward stokeley fl majority, a Demo. j
cratlc gain of Tha voto la not complete. Four
divisions are wanting, and In ou Ilia boxes wer
broken h; a mob.
Filth Ward.-Iliddls (Daui.)Sa mi jotlty, a Itepub
lican gain of Hi.
Twelfth Ward. IIIJ.Hen mrjorltr, a Itepublicii 1
gain of S3. One division la wauling,
Seventeenth Ward. lliddle, 'jfi majority; I
Democratic gain of art.
Carbon County Nesquehonlng gives a Itepubli
can majority ol 17
Columbia County. Mala township glies a Dimce
cratlc majority of Ml; a Hep uiiieHn rsIii d ID.
Montgomery Coaniy btanton'a majority In Nor
ristown It 121; a Itepublican l's ol 7. 'I
D.laware County. lltturos indicate. at least l.rtrx
Ilepubllcan majority.
nccEivixti th e Nr.ws at the rtrrii AV. IIOTEU
bosiral rni rolim of H.i ltd ulil.c.in St.il Centia.
Committee and many piouilneut Ilrpubiicans of ll.li
li., ih lading Gen Co, lir.ino, ti Pol,i-g Cotnu.la-
eloner Thomas Acton, Unite 1 Siatm CuuimUiliiaer
John I Davenport, C. Hector Hlake. lliu-h Histlng,
and ox-s-.oinaiiua i Ciiartei 11 huaw, usseui'i'it I
list eseriiig at tiu liilh Asenda Hotel torn- 9
ccisu i iccHiiii reiuirts fimn IViin.y Ivam i nnl talk
oi.rtl.c irFuit. Ei.-ly lu the iitnlhg nrwa cam
tint Phllndaip'it i lisd gniie Hepunlie in by shout
V IsS) hi ij. rlt), und Hint ull tlm lord ufilcers aire oil
weie Hi-piiolicahs i x 'epi t'te lltstri t Aitorury. litis
hews was tho source uf li.uclt loiigrattilatlori,
TUB DKMtlCR STS COM-IliK THE STATE. v
IlAlll.leHI IK), Oil 10 I t.u Stale li.is gone Ilpcb
Unbjli,0J Eiiitiiii I'ATtiloT.
Ohio nnil Iiiis.i I'lrrllons. s
Cincinnati, IKt. 10. Partial returns from six H
teen cuu.tties and tixsitslnps show h'i. nil 3.0 ma- H
jority for N jyes, Itrpuu ln, lor fvvrar Th H
returns are coming In toAlyninl lury lucouipl.de H
7 tie ratuli will nut prubab'y be usciiiaine'l before
to- unrrow No ran in a retiirn are rx .se e I uf Hn 1
0,('Ctl(ill In this i III tr, ltl.jhl. I lit ro has hut Ihtliil
kir.itriuiig on licit i ..n lol tt ;s. N I. ,:ig t.as b -un
roceivedol t.i luwa tie. Hons.
The ltrpiiblii.(ri Cirrv Nviv-irls,
Tin: linn tor i-li'Ci urn in Ntiivatk t.uk laco j-tM. H
terJuy. I i.e lullowlui is llio vola for Muyor, with jH
one district each in the bulb, liiilnn, Ninlb, unit
Thlrliehth Wards to bo Hoard Irom:
ll'irda. II'K lnn ll'iiiife. I;in linn ITafJ
I Hi tl i.O Vo sb
1 7 1 517,11 $11.. ..a ,H
g cu a .'i! iv. ir
4 Ml M1U ,..1117 1 LTaS
3 Ill II .nl 'l
C its MHI3 IH) .141
7 f. C H
a m ml "m: m
a :i KSi Majority for Itlccrd l,.'i
Tha Iltpublicaiia eltcl AUermen In the First, Ser.. H
end, '1 nlrd, Fourlh.blxih. Eitltlli, Mutlt, Tnlrlerntb,
Foiirlitntii, nnl tiilauulii Wards, tui His Donio,
crats In tne Filth, Stvenlh, Tenth. Llavanth. ami 1
Twelfth Wards, Tne Itepubllcaus hale alto clioiura
their entire city lickut
jiii: sKftcxt r i.v voxel. a rn.
Prion lv Contributions lur the Support l
Ihr nr ugiiliiat Tuininnitr.
Hie (.'ornit.ittio ol fos .-uty had onu of their HI.
terminab n mouiibgs. st wltle t they preten I to do
nothing, last tu.'bt. The a.tanlinca waa vary fu'l,
Inilu Hug Jonn I'oiay. lite meeting was ton-ret, it
uaual. Tna toiritnttteos repurled progreaa, bul
itn-tr lit -nt ha. a hoi ytr. adi..n.'. 1 suf .sa.ly t,
warrant 11.0 pub icitt.ia tte rcs-a -at leiat, this
was ill ihe satisiscton the reporters got.
A communication from the Dirtrtors of tl Iloiv.
ery Sayings Hank was raid, yivin ft Oes) to Ui
Committee. 1 bu liiud barty apidtuss from all
tb reipecikbie old chtpi U the rooms, I ht tub
terip tons thus fir of tue ttrna kind exceed llVlfyjO, 6
A ipenimtn printed pambhlai wat tuiiiiiilted coo
tatn.r.; Tories.' v-rld'.-ess t-s Oa-sKiilcv Ir.sBOCtk-:y,
:.mlfut p'. iLshad tu i lls Sck 1'tMSa p.rr.shls'k
are lu bs ula.ri .uta i by ihuu-anda Itiroughuul lb
btate tn tt.e coining campai.n
Mr. JsckaouS Sciiuna arose lo txplaln In regard y,
tu llio pruporty pi cud in bis tru.l ny Mr. .lo in II.
Keiser lla and that Hi at-ignment ha I Laan A
mala In giinl laith. and tnal lis will liuld Uta pro y
I arli- until the tiiarras a unit Mr liaytsr aha, I r A
ititisl.'Ctunly cloitod up ind adjoined. y
It a js res'- v 'I fit a 4-nul otatn'i'er t" hi V,
eomnosed m fifieen mainbars asrn of tiu Union 1
League Club, of ll.e l.'uuntll of I ulttical llsloiin,
ta.i l're (..uo.iujtlia ul r-cvenl.' Jliuhid irtervuw
M i, or Hall at au earl, da, ou too sa j;c: f ibspre-
tors of vieclttin with a vinw to sacuriu. uua Uouast ft
man in each dituict ou elocu ,u uay ev
A (solid llnn'a HiMSiil'd.
Tin Demucri'.ic Jmli'tai on mtlea of 'hi
Sen.nl Diltr el tint in Hr'ioKlin lli'l sal
unan tro'isly re-b-inuaitd tie II a Jvs '-lu. H
Itaid br acclamaitna cfsj