_Ur gaits
fudijsiieb ^vert mobjhko.
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
t per year, irpi^ 1 strictly hi advance
Otherwise, 75 Cents per Month,
(The Ulassadjuscfts Spn,
KHTABLISJUD JULY, 1770.
18 PUBLISH EI) E* IKY FRIDAY MORNING
At St? per Annum.
J D. EALDWIV CO., Proprietor*
NO. 11l M UN STREET.
^Clartcdcr Jniln Spn.
CITY NEWS.
The seekers for holiday gifts will not overlook
the column annonncement of W. E. Cooley.
Elder M m. Pile of Springfield lectures, this
evening, at the Central street chapel, on the in
ternationu] society.
The first of the scries of six select military
mid civic assemblies, under the auspices of the
Mate Guard, will be held next month.
The county treasurer has paid out twelve hun
dred dollars during the past year for inquest
expenses in the county. In 1865 the cost of in
quests to the county was only S2BO.
The fair of the ladies connected with the Union
hill mission chapel enterprise closed last eve
ning. after a season of much pleasure for the
patrons anda considerable amount of profit for
the mission.
His honor Mayor Earle entertained a very
pleasant party at his hospitable tesidehce last
evening, the guests consisting of the members
of the city council, the school hoard and other
officers of the city government, together with
some other personal friends.
A fair-sized audience witnessed the perform
ance of the Streets of New York, The frequent
repetition of this play has wearied the public,
and nothing but the excellent acting of Frank
Mayo could induce people to attend the theater
in the biting cold weather of last night.
Hie collision, at Palmer, last night, mention
ed in the dispatch from Springfield, caused a
detention of the New York train due here at a
few minutes before ten o'clock, and the train
did not arrive until an early hour this morning.
A wedding party, intending to take the train
for Boston, spent several hours in the depot.
the fair at Dewey street chapel, last evening,
was a very gratifying success, and the ladies
who conducted it are encouraged to continue
this evening. As n special feature, also, there
will be an old-fashioned dinner from 12 o’clock
to day until 2 in the afternoon, and a supper in
the evening in connection with the fair. The
object is to raise money for the purpose of fur
nishing the chapel, which has just been com
pleted. It was built by general subscription,
and supplies a want which has been felt in that
locality for several seasons.
The German singing society (Frohslnn) will
have a dramatic entertainment and concert at
their new hall on the evening of Christmas day.
The society has two social gatherings each
month this winter, one being devoted entirely to
dancing and the other to concert music and the
drama. The previous practice of crowding
theatricals, a concert, and dancing, into one
evening, was found to detract, from the excel
lence of each; but with the present arrange
ment the occasions of meeting together to spend
an i veiling, are greatly enjoyed, and promote
the musical and dramatic tastes of the Germans.
’1 he European bouse, on Front street, which
has been conducted by James Roberts lor about
two years, is now closed. A difficulty grew out
of the failure of Roberts to comply with the
terras of the lease, and the owner, Mr. Sessions,
took possession on Monday, placing a keeper in
the house. This keeper was forcibly turned out
by Roberts. Roberts was then arrested for as
sault; was baited out; went back, entered
the house through a window, ami again
assumed possession, but was displaced by offi
cers, who forced the door by adviceof Mr. Ses
sions’ counsel. The case appears in the munic
ipal court record.
Municipal Court.—Judge Williams dis
posed of the following cases yesterday: James
Roberts, unlawful entry and detainer, hound
over to superior court in $500; James Jule, as
sault and battery, $1 and costs; William
Matthews, assault and battery, $1 and costs;
paid. Matthew Maloy, assault and battery,
case on tile; William Daly, James Burns and.
M illiam Corcoran were each fined for drunken
ness. Dal)' paid, and the other two were com
mitted. The case of Peter Clark, for drunken
ness, was placed on file.
Refrigerating.—There has, without doubt,
been enough said about the cold weather of the
last twenty-four hours to preclude the necessity
of any newspaper talk on the subject; but for
Hie benefit of subscribers in other latitudes, we
will here state that it is exceedingly cold in
Worcester—much colder than it has been at any
previous time this season. The degree of cold,
as indicated by thermometers, varies according
to location, tendency of the owner to exaggerate,
and such other unavoidable influences as al
ways stand in the way of accurate observations
based on hearsay. The reddest nosed, most
pinched up, and frozen-looking sufiereis chatter
about ten and twelve degrees below; while oth
ers claim that seven below is as far down as the
mercury reached. Whether twelve or seven, it’s
awlul cold weather, and “be it ever so humble,
there’s no place like home.”
Superior (Civil) Court.—Bacon, J.—
The jury in the case of Win. McDonald vs. the
inhabitants of Leicester, for damages for injury
to a horse from a defect in the highway, were
unable to agree, after being out till midnight.
It is understood they stood seven to five.
McCafferty for plaintiff, Rice Blackmer lor
defendants.
No. 9l(i. David M. Pitts vs. Jason Emerson,
(in appeal from an auditor,) an action to re
cover for labor and materials in the building of
a barn in Millbury. Verdict for the plaintiff, in
accordance with the auditor’s report. Rice
Blackmer for plaintiff, Hopkins for defendant.
On trial, No. 856, John Roberts vs. Charles L.
Redding, an action to recover the value of two
horses attached by the plaintiff, a constable of
Worcester, as the property of Joseph Roberts,
which the plaintiff claims as his (Jolin Roberts’)
property. Sprague for plaintiff, McCafferty for
defendant.
No. 989, Daniel Weir vs. Rufus Emory War
ren,an action to recover the balance of an account,
amountiifg to $92.62, for services on a farm in
Gratton, will next lie tried. Holbrook for the
plaintiff, Vcrry for the defendant.
Next in order, No. 955, Timothy S. Stone vs.
Zephaniah Baker; Nos. 978, 979, 985, 990, 991,
1012, 1041.
The Concert Last Evening.—Nearly five
hundred persons evinced their interest in the
concert given at the Old South church, last
evening, by their presence on the occasion.
This attendance, with the thermometer below
zero, must be considered as quite complimentary
to those taking part. The church, as lighted
for the first time since its renovation, presented
a pleasant and cheerful appearance; the altera
tions made, adding much to the comfort of the
attendants.
The programme, consisting of fourteen num
bers, tastefully arranged with regard to variety
of solo, duct, trio, quartette, quintette and
chorus, was rendered in an admirable manner,
as might reasonably be expected from such
eminent talent, under the clear and steady di
rection of so excellent a conductor. As our
space will not allow our entering into detail, we
can only say that the audience testified their
satisfaction by expressions of approval of nearly
all the selections rendered, in several instances
amounting to decided encores.
At the conclusion of the concert the choir
were entertained with a graceful hospitality by
the ladies of the Old South, a choice collation
being served in the ante-room of the church,
where a couple of hours were passed in social
enjoyment; sentiment and speech being indulg
ed in to some extent, the affair closing with the
singing again and again the old hut ever wel
come “Auld Lang Syne.” May we not hope
tor more entertainments upon the plan of last
evening ere the season closes.
Lecture by Rev. E. E. Hale —A large au
dience assembled last even ng in Mechanics
hall to listen to the lecture of Rev. E. E. Hale,
in the Lyceum course. With a certain felicity
of invention which always characterizes Mr.
Hale's productions, he entertained the audience
with the reading of an original story, in place
of a sot lecture. This story, entitled “He Did
Worcester IB Ihuh So
VOL. 26, NO. 302.
His Level Bist,” took an bstefiulhlv aiihfifid
graphical form, and Rdriated the efforts of an
individual to respond to all calls of charity and
public enterprise which laid claim to his atten
tion. He and his wife were each possessed of a
snug fortune, and were each of il like mind in
their kindly credulity and over-ready sympathy.
They read the papers conscientiously. If the
editor said that “all right-minded citizens*’ would
attend a certain concert, or that “all lowers of
art” would go to see a particular painting, a
memorandum of it Was made and the iustruetions
followed out. E\cry society and board and or.
ganizatiot) and charitable association had him
as one of its most devoted members. All char
ity seeking mendicants, all peripatetic agents
found in him ntid ills wife the most zealous sup
porters. Their joint fortune melted away before
these continued expenditures, and they find
themselves finally friendless and penniless, and
arc thrown on the town bu’fipbH I*l the poor
house, this irioUVnful story he then confides to
Mr. Hale. It is impossible to give an adequate
idea of the story in so brief an abstract. Its
subtle humor and keen satire shook the whole
audience with laughter, the undercurrent of
thought and purpose moved them to applause,
and once a touch of honest tenderness hushed
them to silence. The moral, as traceable in the
story, and as announced by Mr. Hale, was that
it is better to do a single thing thoroughly and
in one’s own way, than to try to do a hundred
things, and follow other people’s directions,
Taken altogether the platform has hardly given
us this season a mole truly enjoyable entertain
ment than Mr. Hale’s thoroughly characteristic
story.
COUNTV NEWS.
Mrs. Henry Sawyer of West Boylston was fa
tally injured yesterday forenoon, by being
thrown from her sleigh, the horse having taken
fright at some object by the side of the road.
She was taken up in an unconscious condition,
and had not recovered last night. The doctors
say her neck is broken.
The following are the officers of Post 77, G. A.
R., of Holden, for the year 1872: Commander,
Isaac Damon 1 S. V. C., Alfred Chaffin; J. V. C.
Luther W. Strong; adjutant, J. T. Rood: M.,
11. P. Newell; surgeon, A. IL Sawyer; chaplain,
P.R. Newell: sergeant major, Oscar C. Ball;
Q M. sergeant, Stephen N. Hubbard; O. D.,
Diah Ball; O. G., Hiram Howe.
hi the first district court at Webster, yester
day, Joseph Ponssard, George Fuyot, and John
B. Faro were before Judge Jihson for drunken
ness, and were lined S 3 and costs each. Win.
Waters, for assault and battery on Jacob
Welk, was fined $lO and costs, and bound over
to keep the peace six months in SIOO. He was
committed in default.
Honesty Again.—Mr. James W. Fitch, of
Sterling, who lost his pocket book containing
money and valuable papers, in this city, several
days ago, has recovered it. A gentleman and
lady drove up to his door and inquired if he was
the man, and after a description of it, produced
the wallet and contents all right. It was picked
up on the sidewalk on Foster srreet, near Main,
flic finder proved to be Mrs. John Lockcy, of
Leominster. She declined the SSO reward, but
Mr. Fitch insisted on her taking It. She finally
took S2O. It could not have fallen into better
hands.
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, Dec. 21.—1 tis reported that the
pres entjm Iges of the supreme court will fill the
place vacated hy James Sweeny as clerk to-day,
so as to prevent the incoming judges from act
ing in (he interest of reform.
Nothing definite is known as to what was
done by the grand jury yesterday.
It is known that twenty per cent of the fund
divided by Woodward is vet unaccounted for,
and it is presumed that this may still be traced
into the possession ot Connolly or Hall, if not
both. An examination of the dealings of
official.’ at the various city banks is expected to
result in important disclosures.
Peter B. Sweeny telegraphs that he is at St.
Catherines, Ontario, “simply fur his health.
Hie World says editorially that it is rumored
that Tweed has resigned his directorship on the
Erie road, and will be succeeded by Daniel
Drew.
The Tammanyitcs are striving to gain admis
sion to the new democratic organization here.
The grand jury delay is to give time for the
arrest of all the indicted persons. Judge Bed
ford’s case is to be investigated.
Heenan is charged with a fraudulent gravel
contract worth 52500 for which he received $75,-
000.
Hall told a Star reporter that he might be
obliged to leave his nflice immediately.
The investigation of the Tenth national bank
shows that Tweed’s share of the fraudulent
claims was 24 per cent., payments being always
made on rhe day the vouchers were cashed. A
leading politician hitherto unconnected, received
20 per cent, of the plunder, while an equal share
is nnaecounted for, supoosed to have gone to
Hall or Connolly. I'his bank was where all the
ring transactions were made.
The counsel for Connolly has appealed to the
general terin ol the supreme court from the <k
cislon of Judge Learned.
No application has yet been made to the sheriff
to put in the requisite bail for Controller (’on
nolly.
Gen. Butler is in town and denies that there is
any unpleasantness between himself and Gov
ernor-elect Washburn. He thinks that the
movement of the impeachment of rhe president
is all humbug; also, that as the Mexican gov
ernment has restored ail its rights to tl.e Lower
C ililornia company he don’t propose any action
in congress, but an application would lie made
that som.'vessels of war bs sent to Masdalena
bav to protect American interests.
Au important meeting of citizens took place
last evening at which it was resolved to urge
upon the legislature the passage of measures to
effect a rapid transit of the ritv; it was also de
cided to t ike steps to compel Vanderbilt to alter
his track to prevent the wholesale killing of peo
ple on Fourth avenue. If these murders do not
stop,Vanderbilt will be held personally responsi
ble.
At a meeting of the fire commissioners yester
day it was announced that the funds which had
been heretofore advanced to pay the lire em
ployes were exhausted, and that no provision
was made for the future. The board of lire un
derwriters proposed to ask for legislative artion,
so that in case of an emergenrv like the recent
tire in Chicago, the companies could reorganize
at once, without waring six weeks, as now pro
vided.
Another man, named Dennis Flanagan, de
tained in the police station last night, died in
his cell.
From Peckskill up the Hudson river the gath
ering of the ice crops has commenced.
The navigation of the Hudson above this city
is closed.
Twelve complaints were made at the police
court yesterday afternoon against one Grover,
by actors and actresses, for the non-payment of
wages.
The murder of Patrick Flynn of No. 99 Mead
ow street, Hoboken, N. J., on Tuesday night,
was one of an unprovoked and brutal character.
The deceased rose about midnight and went into
his yard, where, shortly afterwards, he was
heard to cry “murder,” and a woman living in
the same house looked out of the window and
saw a man escaping over the fence. Flynn was
subsequently found on the sidewalk with his
skull fractured. He became delirious and un
conscious, and despite medical assistance, died
in a few minutes. The back of his skull was
broken, apparently by some blunt instrument.
Ihe affiir is at. present involved in mystery,
but will be thoroughly investigated bv the au
thorities.
SHffar case of the United States against
u eld o. is settled, the firm agreeing to pay
any sum that an investigation mav show ade
quate to reimburse the government for losses.
New England Dispatches.
M AhSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Dec. 21.—Danforth Foster, a well
to-do tanner near this city, cut his throat yes
terday.
Charles Mellen, sentenced in June, 1870, to
two years in jail and a tine of SIOO,OOO, for par
ticipating in the State street frauds, was to-dav
pardoned by President Grant.
The president has also pardoned Isaac A. Cor
tissoz, imprisoned and fined lor irregularly
making and selling cigars.
In Woburn, last night, Elizabeth Monroe, in
sanc from lever, leaped from the window of her
father’s house, and was killed.
Springfield, Dec. 21.—Horace Lewis, fifty
years old, was instantly killed this morning at
Housatonic, Great Barrington,by being carried
around a shaft in a paper mill.
Chester O. Wood, engineer, was seriously
scalded by a collision of freight trains on the
Boston and Albany railroad, near Palmer, this
afternoon I’lic engine and four ears were
wrecked and the track blockaded, delaying the
passenger trains several hours.
MAINE.
Portland, Dec. 21.—Fiancis Bowman, of
East Cambridge, Mass., book agent, aged about
sixty-five, fell dead at the depot this morning;
probably heart disease.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEUHAPH
TO THE WORCI.BTEK I. A I.T OPT
from Washington.
[sgBCIAI. DISPATCH TO THE WOUCBSTBn SPY.I
Washington, D. C., Dec. 21.
PRESIDENT OF HIE SENATE.
The senate to-day selected Senator Anthony
as temporary chairman, the vice president being
in attendance on his sick mother.
SAMARA BAY.
On Mr. Sumner’s motion, the investigation
committee was directed Io inquire whether any
parties ba*c received money to iiiHuctice the
lease of Samana bay to the United States.
mu. summer's amendment.
Mr. Sumner introduced his promised consti
tutional amendment, limiting the president to
one term. He indicated that he had purposely
made it operative only after March, 1878, that
senators who wished Grant rv-clccicd could sup
port it.
AMNESTY.
Thcgeneral amnesty bill was taken up early
in the day. A large number of amendments
were ottered, with the object, as charged by the
friends of the bill, of defeating it. Mr. Sumner
moved his supplementary civil rights bill, and
stuck to it with his accustomed pertinacity.
According to agreement, the general debate
was to dose at lour o'clock, but most of the
time was occupied in discussing points ol order
raised against amendments. Mr. Anthony over
ruled '.he points, and his decision was sustained
by the schare. Mr. Sumner’s amendment was
lost by the close vote of 29 to 30.
Mr. Morton moved an amendment, intended
to operate to prevent the adinisrivii of Vance to
the senate. It was twice voted down, but Mr.
Morton finally succeeded in getting it on by
twenty-nine to twenty-six. Mr. Logan de
nounced the southern senators who voted for it,
as perilling the bill for the sake of striking at
one man, and indicated his disgust at Mr. Ab
bott, Vance’s competitor, for button-holing
senatois.
Mr. Sumner renewed his amendment of the
civil lights iiill Much excitement prevailed.
Mr. Sumner and those who supported him inti
mated that, unless his amendment was adopted,
they would not vote for amnesty; while the
democratic senators as positively declared that,
if the amendment was adopted, they would vote
against the bill. Mr. liobenson, chairman of
the disabilities committee, expressed no further
interest in the bill, ami said it had been slaught
cred by its professed friends.
Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Kellogg attacked Mr.
Sumner for endangering the bill. Mr. Sawyer
said the imposition of disabilities caused South
Carolina to be cursed with the most corrupt
government of the world. Mr. Sumner, how
ever, would not yield, insisting that, as the com
panion to unmerited generosity toward the
south, this act of justice to the colored people
should go out.
It being evident that the hill could not be final
ly acted on until alter the recess, the senate, after
spending more than six hours on the bill, gave
jt up, and adjourned for the holiday recess.
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The senate judiciary commit tee severely criti
cises the apportionment bill, as passed by the
house, and some members thereof propose to
amend it in several particulars. It will be
among the first bills reported by this commit
tee after the January session.
OFF FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Members and senators left lor home in large
numbers to-night.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Parties just arrived from tSouth Carolina,
state that Bowen’s scheme to impeach General
Scott will be successful, owing to the tremendous
outside pressure in the legislature. Senators
Sawyer and Robertson seem to be perfectly will
ing that impeachment should succeed, and
claim that it will have an effect to purify the re
publican party in that state, and greatly im
prove its prospects in the coming election.
Ke lon.
[To the Associated Press 1
CUBAN AFFAIRS.
The president sent a brief message to the
house to-day, in re-ponse to the resolution of
fered by Gen. Banhs, requesting information re
lating to the execution of medical students at
Havana, and the failure of the Spani-h govern
ment to carry out, in the West Indian colonies,
n*lorms voluntarily promised by statesmen in
Spain, rhe coirespondcnce shows that our gov
ernment has continued to urge a fulfilment ol
the emancipation decree and other promised
reforms.
A letter from Vice Consul Hall details the al
leged action of the Havana authorities in the
matter of the execution of the students, who
were alleged to have desecrated the grave
of Castanon, and says there were well
founded apprehension that a general massacre
of Cubans was intended; and Io this, possibly,
may be attributed the compromise with the vol
unteers and the sacrifice of the young men.
Copies of the instructions of the secretary of the
navy to the naval commander of the United
States navy, show that ou April 7,1869, he in
structed Admiral Hofl’ that all citizens of the
United States, native born or naturalized, in
Cuba, engaged in lawful pursuits, respecting
the laws of the country, and taking no part in
the measures to overthrow the government, arc
entitled to protection.
On Mav 6th, 1870, the secretary notified Hofl'
that “while the United Stales wishes to observe
strict neutrality, they cannot consent that onr
merchant vessels shall be molested in their law
ful pursuits or overhauled and examined unless
found committing some violation of Spanish
authority. It will be your duty to give full pro
reclion lo American citizens and American com
merce whenever opportunity occurs.”
On June 3d, 1870, the secretary notified Ad
miral Poor: “While this department docs not
desire you to seek opportunities to encourage
these distressed persons to seek protection of the
United Slates flag, you will, in no case, refuse
them shelter on board the vessels of your Heel.”
Instructions were sent by the secretary lo
Rear Admiral Lee on the 19th of July, 1871, to
visit Santiago and elsewhere in the vicinity for
the protection, if necessary, of our citizens and
interests.
Since the execution of th" students at Ha
vana, the United States iron-clad Tcrroi ami
steamers Nipsic and Kansas have been ordered
to that port.
On the stli inst, Commander Weaver, senior
officer present, railed upon the captain general,
in company with the commander of the Nipsic
and Consul General Hall. He reports that he
met with a courteous reception, and, at the date
of this dispatch,—9th inst,—the city was quiet
and orderly.
REFORM! RS IN COUNCIL.
The private gathering of “reformers” yester
day’ at the Arlington house included the editors
oi a tew leading journals in difierent paits of
the country, representatives of the free trade
movement from New York, New England and
the west, and a few members of congress. Their
consultations were altogether informal, and had
reference to the best means ol imjn’oving the
laws and their administration, especially in
financial matters, rather than to any political
projects. The new senate committee of investi
gation was canvassed, and it was agreed that
much good is likely to be accomplished by it.
Many defects and corruptions in the civil ser
vice were discussed, and it was determined to
lay before the senate committee all the specific
evidence that could be obtained concerning
them. It has been rumored that the design of
this meeting was to found a new party, but
nothing of the kind was thought 01, and the
gentlemen present undertook no political
schemes of any nature.
Fire Becord.
AT OSWEGO—LOSS NOT STATED.
Oswego, Dec. 20.—The Union mill, owned
bv the Internationa) life and trust company of
New Jersey, occupied as tl raring and wool mill,
was burned down last evening. The building
and contents prove a total loss.
AT GRANVILLE. lOWA —LOSS OF LIFE.
Cinc innati, Dec. 20.—The residence of Judge
Murdock, near Granville, lowa, was burned
yesterday morning. An old lady, aged over
ninety years, was rescued from the building;
but, unobserved by any one, returned to save
her money and perished in the flames.
AT BOSTON—LOSS $2500.
Boston, Dec 21. —A tire occurred this eve
ning in building No. 25 East Castle street,
owned hy Samuel A. Way, occupied by 8. M.
Clark, laundry; Powers McGrath, gas fitters;
upper stories, by families. Loss $2500; partial
ly insured.
AT PITTSBURG—LOSS $45,000.
Pittsburg, Dec. 21.—The engine and ma
chine works of Hugh M. Baled. Co., Duquesne
street, was totally burned this evening, Loss
$45,000.
WORCESTER: FRIDAY MORNING, DEC EMBER 2?, 1871.
Foriy-Secoikl Congress-Second Session.
Washington, D. Dec. 21,1871.
SENATE.
The vice president lur.iounecd by letter (hat
he would not be present to-day, and Mr. Antho
ny was chosen president pro tern.
Mr. Sunnier introduced the following:
“Joint resolution, proposing an amendment «>f
the constitution confining the president to one
term:
Whereas, for many years there has been an In
creasing conviction among the people, without di
tiuclion of party, that one wielding the vast patron
age of the president should not bo a candidate for
re-eh etion, and this conviction has round expres
sion in the solemn warnings of illustrious citiz< ns,
and in repeated propositions for an amendment of
the co' jtituticu confining the president to one
(erm:
Whereas, Andrew Jackson was so fully impressed
by the peril of republican institutions from the
temptations acting on a president, who, wielding the
vast patronage of his oflltJe, becomes a camlnlab'
for re-election, that in hh first annual message he
Called attention to It. and in his second annual
message, alter setting forth ihe de-lgn of the con*
stitution to secure the independence of each depart
ment of government and promote the healthful and
equitable administrations of all (he trusts which it
has createdh»> did not Imitate to say;
That the agent nio-t likely to eontraVeiie this d
sign of the constitution is the chief magistrate, and
tlien proceeded to declare: “In order particularly
that Hits appointment may as fat as possible
be placed beyond the readh of any im
proper influences; in order that he may
approach the solemn responsibilities of the
highest office in the gift of a free people uncom
mitted to any other course than the strict line of
constitutional duty; and that the securities for this
independence may be rendered a- strong us the na
ture of power end tlie weakness of ils possessor will
admit, 1 cannot too eanm-tly invite your attention
to the propriety of promoting such anmndmonts of
the constitution as will render him ineligible niter
Ode term of service; and then again in his third an
nual message the smile president renewed this pa
triotic appeal;
Whereas, William Henry Harrison, following in
the footsteps of Andrew Jackson, lelt it a "rimarv
duty in accenting hi-* nomination as president to
assert the one term principle m these explicit
words: “Among the principles proper to be adopt
ed by an executive sincerely desiring to restore the
administration to its original siinphchv and purity,
I <leem the following of importance: First, to con
fine his services to a single term,’ ami then, In pub
lic sp ,'eh during the canvass which ended in his
election, he declared: “If the privilege of being
president of the i'nlted Slates hail bemi limited to
one term, the incumbent would devote all his time
to public hit M'egt, and there would Im no cause to
misrule the country; and Ite concluded by pledging
himself before heiiven and earth, if elected presi
dent of the United States, to lav down, at the end
of the term faithfully, that high trust at the feet of
the jieople;
W hereas, Henry flay, though differing much from
Andrew Jackson, unit >d with him on the one term
prmcinle, and publicly enforced it in a speech,
June 27, 1849, when* mt t asking tor “a provision
to render a person ineligible to t tie office of presi
dent of the United States after a service oi one
term,’’ he explained Hie necessity of the amend
ment by saying: “Much observation and deliberate
reflection have sathlied me that too much of the
time, the thoughts and exertions of the incunibmit
are occupied during the first term in securing his
re-election. The public business consequently suf
fers.’’ Ami then again, in a left t dated September
13,1P12, while getting forth what he calls “princi
pal objects engaging the common desire ami com
mon exertion of the whig party,” the same stat
man sy milies “an amonument to tip* constitution,
limiting the incumbent of the presidential office to
a single term
Wiiereas, the whig party in its national Coii
vent ion at Baltimore, May 1, 1844, nominated
Henry (Jay as pieslllcnt and Theodore Freling
huvsen as vice president, with a piatloiui where a
a single term for the presidency is dt'dared to be
among tlie great principles of the whig party, prin
ciples’tisoparable from tin l public honor and pros
perity, to be maintained niid advanced by theelec
iion of these candidate,” which declaration was
echoed at an immense m 'ting in Monument square,
addressed by Daniel Webster, where it was resolved
that the limilufiou of a president to a single t rm
was among the objects “for which (ho whig party
will unceasingly strive until their efforts are crown
ed with a signal and triumphant success;
Whereas, jn the same spirit ami in harmony with
the.^e authorities, another statesman, Benjamin F
Wade, at. the close of his long service in tlie senate,
most earnestly urged an amendment of the consti
tution confining the president to one term, and his
s; ‘echon that, occi'^ion, February 26, 1866, said:
“The offering of this resolution is no new impulse
of mine, for i have been an advocate of the princi
ple contained in it for many yen 1 and I have de
rived the strong impressions which 1 entertain ou
the subject from a very careful observation of the
workings of our government during the y riod that
I have been an ooserver of them; i believe it has
been very rare that we have been able to elect a
president of the Unit al States who has not been
tempt -I to use thevrst powers intrusted to him ac
cording to his own opinions, to advance his re-elec
tion;” and then, after exposing at length the neces*
sity of this amendment, tne veteran senator further
declared: “There are defects in the constitution,
and this among the most glaring. All men have
cn n; nlld n QW let us have the resolution to come
and apply the remedy:”
Whereas, these testimonies revealing intense anu
widespread convictions of rhe American people
are rciufnrred. by tile friendly observations of De
Tocqueville, tile rmnarkabk FronChinan: to wljom
our country is under such great and lasting obligiu
tions, in h?s famous work on democracy in America,
where he says, in words of singular clearness and
force, “intrigue and corruption ah' vtfes natural to
elective governments, but when the chief of the
government can be re-elected, those vices extend
indefinitely and compromise even the existence of
the country। Wlmna simple candidate seeks suc
cess by intrigue,his maneu i res <mn operate only over
a circumscribed space; when, on the contrary, the
chiet of the government himself enters the ranks
of Candidates, Im borrows for his own proper use,
the force of the government. In the first case it is
one man with his feeble means; in the second it Is th“
government itself with its immense resources,
which intrigues and corrupts.” And then again
the same great writer, who had studied our country
so closely, techies: “It is Impossible to consider the
ordinary course of affairs in the United States
without perceiving that the desire to be re-elected
dominates the thoughts of the president; that all
the policy of his administration tends to this point;
that his least movements are subordinated to tnis
object; that in proportion as the moment of crisis
approaches, individual interest substitutes itself in
his mind for the genera) int'rest;”
Whereas, all these concurring voices, where
patriotism, experience, and reason bear testimony,
nave additional value at a moment when the coun
try is looking anxiously to a reiorm of the civil ser
vice, for the plain reason that the peril from the
chief magistate, so long as he is exposed to tempta
tion, surpasses that from any other quart t, and
thus the first stage in this much desired reform is the
one term principle, 1o the end that the president,who
exercises the appointing power, reaching into all
parts of the country, and holding in subordination
a multitudinous army of office holders, shall bo ab
solutely without motive, or inducement to employ
for any other purpose than the public good; and
WluTeas, the character of republican institutions
requires that the chief magistrate shall lie above all
suspicion of using tlu- machinery of which he is tlie
othcial head to promote his own personal aims;
therefore,
Be it resolved by •he senate and house of repre
sentatives, etc., that the following article is hereby
proposed as an amendment to the constitution of the
United .States, and, when rat Hied by the legislatures
of three-fourths of the several states, shall be valid
to all intents and purposes as part of the constitu
tion, to wit:
Article—Sec. 1. No person who has once held the
office of president of the United .States shall there
after be eligible to that office.
Sec. 2. Tliis amendment shall not take effect until
alter the 4th of March, 1873.
Mr. Sumner, in introducing this amendment,
said: “1 shall content myself with a brief re
niai k. I'his is an era of civil service reform, and
the president of the United States, in a message,
has already called your attention to that im
portant subject, and made recommendations
with reference to it. It may be remembered
that I hailed that message, at once, as it was
read from the desk. I lorbore then to state
that I missed one important recommendation, a
very important recommendation, one without
which all other recommendations, I fear, may
be futile. I missed the recommendation of an
amendment to the constitution in conformity
with the best prccc icnts of our history, and
with the recommendations of illustrious men,
limiting the person holding the office of presi
dent to one term.
“Sir, that is the initial point of civil service
reform; that is the first stage in that great re
form. The scheme of the president is the play
of Hamlet, without Hamlet. I propose by the
amendment I offer to see that Hamlet be brought
into the play.” (Laughter).
Mr. Sherman—“ Does the senator propose to
postpone the play of civil service reiorm until
we adopt the amendment?”
Mr. Sumner—“No, but I propose to put Ham
let into the play, it need not take long to do
it.”
The joint resolution was read, and laid over.
Mr. Sumner called attention to the fact that
the amendment was not to go into effect until
March 4, 1873, and, therefore, would not inter
fere with the preferences of senators for any
particular candidate next year.
Mr. Sumner offered a resolution, which was
adopted, directing the committee on retrench
ment to inquire whether any moneys had been
paid on account of the lease of the bay of Sa
mana to the Uni'cd States, and if so by whom,
out of what hinds and to what amount; als if
such moneys were paid by private persons to re
port the names of such persons, their business
and the inducements to the outlay, and whether
they were interested in land giants or other
speculations on the island of San San Domingo,
and whether there has been any understanding
that such moneys should be refunded by the
United States. Also to ascertain the applica
tion ol such moneys and the agent in obtaining
and disbursing the same, with power to send
for persons and papers.
Mr. Kellogg introduced a bill relating to pro
posals and contracts for the transportation of
mails. Referred.
Mr. Clayton rose to a personal explanation.
He called attention to the article in the Chron
icle, ol Washington, stating that tliejudiciary
committee had been, for some days, investigating
certain charges against him, and that the inves
tigation would be likely to result in his expul
sion, and asked the chairman of that commit
tee, Mr Trumbull, what information he had on
the subject.
Mr. Trumbull replied that no such investiga
tion was going on, and he never heard of it be
fore.
Mr. Thompson offered a resolution, to admit
Mr. Goldthwaite, of Alabama, to a seat in the
senate, pending the investigation us the commit
tee on elections.
I'he morning hour exoired, and unfinished
business, the house general amnesty bill, was
taken up.
Mr. Morton''' Hun ndineiH, providing fbi’t H
act shall not hr construed to validate eh'e
tion of anybody to office under the United States
government who, at the time of election,
ineligible by law, was rejected 28 to 29.
Mr. Sumner's amendment, the supplementary
civil rights bill, then came up.
Mr. Sumner addressed the senate in favor of
his amendment.
Mr. Sawver opposed attaching it to this bill.
Mr. Sumner’s amendment was then rejected
29 to 30.
Among the yeas were: Messrs. Anthony,
Conkling, Edmunds, Hamlin, Morrill of Ver
mont, Stunner and Wilson. Among tlie nays
were: Messrs. Blair, Fenton, Ferry of (.'onnec
tient, Morrill of Maine and Schurz.
Mr. Edmands offered an amendment to ex
elude all members of congress succeeding the
85th, who participated in the rebellion. Lost
-27 to 81,
Mr. Morton offered, substantially, his amend
ment of yesterday. Adopted—29 to 26.
The bill, having been considered in cumniittee
of the whole, was reported to the senate.
Mr. Morton’s amendment was concurred in
29 to 26
Mr. Sumner again offered his supplementary
civil lights bill.
Mr. Kellogg opposed it.
M r. Thurman denounced Mr. Sumner's amend
ment as proposing a most flagrant violation of
the constitution.
Without acting on the bill, the senate adjourn
ed to January 8.
HOUSE.
The house is in cointnittce of the whole for
general debate on the'statcof the Union. 1 here
arc but lew inembers present, most of then; hav
ing left for the Christmas holidays.
After some further discussion, adjourned till
January 8.
FROM EUROPE.
Grrul Britain.
HEE’S N.
London, Dec. 21. -John C. Ileenanannounces
his intention of returning inimcdialcly to New
Yoik to investigate the origin of the slander
against him.
PRINCE OF W ILES.
The prince of W ales is gradually gaining
strength. Il is repotted that of the physicians
who attended him Dr. Gull is to be made a
baronet and Dr. Lowe receives knighthood.
THE TK lIBOIiN E CASE.
In the Ticlibome trial the plaintiff’s easels
closed and further hearing postponed till Janu
ary 15.
Tiie steamer D Ijwarc, Captain Fresfon, from
LiverptxJ lor Calcutta, was toLdlv lost yester
day, off Scilly islands. All hands are supposed
to have perished.
fwrrniaiiy.
THE FEELING TOWARD FRAM E.
Berlin, Dec. 21.—Bismarck sent a dispatch
to Von Arnim, German representative at Paris,
selling forth the feeling ol exasperation caused
in Germany by the outrages perpetrated on her
soldiers in France. He threatens to seize
hostages in future.
ALGIERS.
Paris, Dee. 21.—President Thiers has issued
a decree dissolving the council of Algiers.
KiiNMin.
CATACAZY.
St. Petersburg, Dec. 21.—Tin' Messenger,
official organ, ammunccs, for the first time, the
removal of Minister Cataeazy from Washington,
owing, it says, to person il difficulties, which
might prejudice the good relations existing be
tween Russia and the United States.
An imperial ukase makes compulsory the use
of the Russian language in the schools ol Po
land.
Nwitzcriaiiil.
MILITARY REFORM.
Beene, Dec. 20.— The Swiss fe Icral council
has passed a bill abolishing Ihe military penal
code and prohibiting future corporal punish
ment in the army by flogging or otherwise.
Mpnui.
THE NEW MINISTRY COMPLETED.
Madrid, Dee. 21.—The formation of the new
ministry has been completed. The names an
nounced are as follows: Sagosta, president of
the council and minister of tlie, interior; Mal
campo, minister of marine; D. Blas, minister of
foreign afl'airs; Candmi, minister of public
works; Topete, minister of colonies; Angulo,
minister of finance; Garmindrs, ’.niiiister ol
war; Groizard, minister of justice. Of these,
Malcampo, Candau, Dcßlas and Angulo were
members of the last ministry. Th govern
ment will now move for the dissolution of the
cortes.
Criminal Record.
GAMBLERS BROUGHT TO GRIEF.
Richmond, Dec. 21.—Nearly a dozen ganP
bling houses were raided on last night by the
police. All the implements were seized and a
number ol people arrested. Most of the citizens
were allowed to escape, but the gamblers were
taken to prison.
THE ROBINSON MURDER CASE.
Salt Lake, I'tah, Dec. 21.—The Robinson
murder case was resumed to-day. The defence
endeavored to impugn the credibility of the wit
nesses for the prosecution. John Brazier, one
of the accused, was discharged, not being iden
tified. ihe examination will he continued to
morrow.
THE ARKANSAS TRAGEDY.
Memphis, Tenn,, Dec. 21.—The last person
who left Like Village, the scene of the outrage
in Chicot county, Ark., reports that he was oi
dcred bv the armed negroes on the bank to rc
turn here. He refused and succeeded in escap
ing. There was great excitement, and, from the
screams of white women and children seen rush
ing down the levee, it was supposed that an at
tempt was made to ravish a lew white women
unable to leave. Captain Walker, republican,
sheriff of the county, made application for regu
lar troops to quell the disturbance, it being fear
ed that if the militia was scut there, they, be
ing colored,—will fraternize with the insurgents.
Every white citizen who could obtain convey
ance left the county, which was marauded by
armed bands of colored men, a majority of whom
were intimidated i»y the rioters, who said that
they would not disband until allowed to settle
all disputes they may hate had with those lor
w hom they have worked, flic governor of Ar
kansas sent his adjutant to the scene, but, mean
time, the leading republican and conservative
citizens united in a petition for regular troops.
FOURTEENTH DAY OF THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Annapolis, Dec. 21 —ln the W harton trial
Mr. Toney continued the detailsol’ the analysis
of portions of the rciuains of General Kctvhiiin,
finding direct traces of arsenic or antimony in
the liver. The analysis of other portions would
be completed in two days.
It is understood that four witnesses will be
examined for the defense to-morrow, briefly,
when the prosecution will close the evidence
until the analysis is completed by Mr. I’oney.
Prr*oiißl TrliKinni*.
A Rio Janeiro letter says Alexis will visit Bra
zil after a tour through the United States.
The president has received a telegram from
Covington. Ky., announcing that his father,
who was stricKcn with paralysis, is much better.
Prof. Hart, who has returned from a scicnti’lc
exploration of the vailey of the Amazon, con
siders the theory of the glacial origin of that
valley, as advanced by Prof. Agassiz, to be
grounded on error. Mr. Hart is unable to dis
cover any glacial deposits in the Amazon valley.
Lieut. Charles S. Sperry of Connecticut has
been ordered to the Worcester; Lieut. Thomas
S. Caswell of Rhode Island has been ordered to
the Pensacola; Paymaster George E. Hendee of
Massachusetts has been detached from the Pen
sacola, and ordered to settle his accounts.
It is stated that the state department has de
cided to allow Hon. Charles Francis Adams,
United States commissioner to the Geneva con
ference, the same pay as is allowed to a minis
ter ol the first class, $17,500, and Bancroft Da
vis, the Uni toil States agent, the same pay as
minister resident, $7500.
A report is current that Alpheus Swayzee, the
Trenton banker, has failed and become insane.
Mr. Swayzee was reported to be rich, and, with
Col. J. IL Freeze, formerly published the State
Gazette; with the fortune made in this and oth
er speculations during the war, they started
banking houses in Trenton, which have been
well known and borne good credit throughout
the state. Mr. Swayzee’s liabilities arc reported
at $150,000.
Abbreviated DiApatcheN,
The Virginia senate has unanimously passed a
resolution petitioning eongreas .o pass a gen
eral amnesty bill.
Owing to the refusal of the British claims
against Uruguay, the British charge d'affaires
has withdrawn from Montevideo to Buenos
Av res, awaiting instructions from London.
Yesterday two persons were fatally and fifteen
seriously injured by a mail train near West
Newton, on the Connellsville railway, running
off the track. The express car went into the
river.
The commissioners appointed to examine the
books of the county commissioners at Cincin
nati have ascertained that there exists a county
bonded debt of $586,000, which the county com
missioners have never reported.
Japanese advices state that the social and r.o
litical revolution is making astonishing prog
ress. The government is considering the policy
of sending twenty-one young ladies, daughters
of daimios, to America, to be educated. The
Bhuddist priests have been notified that their
temples will be closed, and they must enter the
army as soldiers, or earn a living in mechanical
occupations.
Leiters from South America state that the
earthquake at the town ol Oran lasted nine
hours, with forty different shocks. Streets were
split open and every house tumbled into ruins.
The inhabitants all lied to camps outside the
town. Only one death occurred. The earth
quake was felt throughout the province of
Jujoy, and a volcano burst forth, leading to the
bcliei that there were further subterranean
movements along the line of the Andes.
Tltr Wrnlhrr.
V. '*in v<.c’n. Dec. 21.—The barometer wifi
piohaph t onUnne to f isc to-night in New Eng*
land, with falling feniperuture; lulling barome
ter will prevail Fridtiv very generally cast of
the Mississippi.
INTENSELY' COLD.
At Chicago, S. Fitzsimmons was frozen to
death Wednesday night, and Win. McLaughlin
was frozen so badly that he cannot recover.
The Ohio is frozen over in several points, for
the first time in seven years.
The St. Lawrence river at Cape Vincent is
bridged with ice.
HRIBT M A s
WALLBTS!
WALLETS.
I have now in Store the heat assort
ment er exhibited In the state of Mas
>aehuset ts. They are all nuuleexpressly
for me; consequently Ilie alyles anil
prices can I'V veiled upon a being sah.
lactory.
A c Hl is iv-pectfully solicited.
LDM SA A. BARREN,
Apol Jteca ry,
IN BAY NTATE HOI NK, W<» KCESTEK.
n.'M dtf
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS Amcrl
can ano Foreign Patents procured,Re.iecled Ap
pHeat.lonG re-argued; InWlereni e Canes Proee utea;
Opinionh gi vet an to the validity and mtringement of
and 3uiU prosecuted and def» nded lu the U. Hi
Cuu. tad'y
THOS. II DOnOK.
(formerly Principal Exarnmer and Chairman of|the
‘iuard <>i Appeals. U H. Patent office.) <'oum»cllor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent <'tu»es. Office. Dodge B
Block, eorncr Park and Portland sts. Worcealer. Mami*,
u2i d&wtf
I.l vines
STOVE STORE,
«J«8 MAIN STKr.F.T .01.11 NO. X’JO
mv2l dtf
(Jlothing.
rj^lllis DAY
HARKED
DOWS,
OVERCOATS
KEEFERS.
A
AND
Rcav.i Moolcn Goods.
For the remainder of the season, I shall sell all kinds
of Winter Good at a large di-cmint from former prices,
and close out all ODD LOTS without regard to cost.
D. 11. EAMES’
One Price Clothing House,
Cm. Main autl Front Nt».
dll .I.Vnlt
PARTICULAR ATT EN T lON
IS CALLEhTO ONE LOT OF
OVERCOATS
which I have this day marked to close, at
sls.
FORMUK I'RKE *«O
This is an Indigo P.lu< Beaver Coat, and the be«t
bargain 1 have ever offered.
D. 11. EAMES’
One Price Clot Ring House
(nr M-.iiii and Front Sta.
dU dtf
business ©arts.
P. AMES,
JOB WA«O.VS-No*. 110 anti 117.
Familb’B moved bv careful men, Carnets Cleaned.
Madv ••nd Pul D >wn. scowl-haml Clothing. Carpets.
A"' b tight anil sold. Windows Washed awl Hoii.e.-
Cleaned.
Residence. 35 North Ashland st.
<»r<ier slate No. 1 I'oa office Building.
All onlers promptly attended to. dlf n 25
A. DU Ml AM,
N I KSE,
d 2 dim* 31 Benefit st.
Mrs. s. a. blanciiai:i> Midicii
Clairvoyant Business and Test Medium. No. 55
Mechanic st. Clairvoyant remedies constantly on hand
and senl bv mail <Hm* "15
J) R. a a iiowland',
BEft'TIST,
387 Main St.. Worcester,
a til dtf Grout's New Block.
I> M. I’EVEY, DENTIST,
Office and residence
TO Pleasant St., fool of ChcMtuilt St.
aull dHin
A Y STA T B HOUSE
WORCESTER MASS..
G-HO. THKAJJI. Proprietor.
«OIS
Y H. GMENWOOD^ A'.noMiir,
Ist Nat. Bank Building.
Attends to sales in any part of Worcester Co.
n 4 dtial
Earle fuller
AKCHITKCTB.
People's Savings Bank Building.
No. 262 MAIN STREET. Worcester. Mass.
StEPBKN C. Eaklk. James E. Fcllrb
dtf
NE W NGL AN D F ARMS R
Fifty Year* Established.
ONLY 3.50 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
We are offering special Inducements for new sub
scribers, in 1 tie shape of
LARUE CASH PREMIUMS.
Specimens and circulars sent on receipt of stamp for
ro-t ige.
R. P. EATON «V CO.,
d2l d&w4w Boston, Mass.
QNLY 50 CENTS
TO SECURE A BUSINESS
raying from $5 to $lO per day. Five Samples of our Dif
feteni Good;, al new. light and saleable,sent post-paid
to Ag nis tor onlv 50 .cuts Suitable for ladies or gen
tlemen to sell. Address Nbw England Novelty
Agency, No. 3 Asylum st.. Hartford, Ct. dim n3O
fIYSTERSI—Our arrangements with the
v/ Planter* and Shippers at Providence. Fair Haven,
and Norwich, are such as we have
Fresh Oyster* three time* every day,
and are prepared to turmsh dealers, hotels, saloons, and
private ihmilies at the lo* eat possible rates.
ountry orders promptly attended to.
U M. O’GBADY A SON,
dM.W&Stt 51 SB Main St.
f|l<) RENT—Upper Tenement of 5 rooms, at
X No, 1 Madison si. (rent $24 per month), by
1130 d.’tawif y, WHIPPLE.
PRK E 1 ENTS.
iioliban 6oolis.
O M E V E R V NICE
RUSSIAN
LEATHER GOODS!
A kl. KIN l>« AN IP STY f.KM t
bought by Ilie Grand Duke, can be found ut the popular
Di ng* Store
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
PERFUMERY I
1.1 BIN'S OEMIII NF,
JOHN QOMMEI.I. HON. Fnndnn.
leuhfuril
KIM M FLM,
and great variety—nt
FAIRBANKS PIPER S,
1O Front Mt.
MARIA FARINA COLOGNE-4711,
in Long Bottles and Wicker—at
FAIRBANKS PIPER’S,
IO Front Street.
Russinn l.eather lland Mirrors
can be found only at
FAIRBANKS PIPER'S,
IO RVont Street.
a-
Imported Cigars!
Partaga Cabanas, Henry Clay. Figaro, and many other
brands can he found at our Drug Emporium.
FAIRBANKS PIPER,
IO JTront Street.
TRAVELING LUNCH BASKETS!
of tlie best quality, can he found at
FAIRBANKS PIPER'S,
IO Front Street.
FAIRBANKS PIPER
h ive the best assortment ot
WALLETS!
suitable for Ladies' or Gentlemen's wear, ever shown in
tills city.
WALLETS.
PERFUMERY CASKETS
can be found at our store at prices such as will he within
the reach of all persons.
E^’Call and sec them.
FAIRBANKS PIPER,
IO FRONT NT'
ALL ANU SEE THOSE
Fountain Perfumes!
at the Drug Store of
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
TOILET SETS,
RICH AND RARE!
sold by
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
Cigar Cases,
ALL KINDS—SOME THAT WILL FLEASE-AT
FAIRBANKS PIPER’S.
DVKBriMIMO MATKI.
Iv Daily Bpt— For th* “Square* of Ua Isa co a
agate type, 1 time7s eta.; each subsequent Insertion
its.; 1 week $2.75; 2 weeks $4.00; 1 month >6.00; 1 year
and the eame rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two lines for on* week S 1.00; three line fl Mt
our line* 11.37; five lines 11.50. law al notice* 25 cent*
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
Une. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisement* fil.no per square for first inser
tion; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special post I Ions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rales. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole spare occupied.
Iw Wkkklt Spy— First Insertion fil.oo per square:
each subsequent Insertion 50 cents; 3 months >7.00; one
year 125.00.
Miofiban (dootis.
fIASWELL HAGEND
STANDAKD
COLOGNES!
SIXTEEN DIFFERENT QDOKK
FOUND AT OUR
DRUG STORE,
IO FRONT ST.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
PUFF BOXES!
Russia Leather, Metallic and Paper,
with Medallions painted by band in Oil Colors, at our
DRUG STORE.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
JEWEL CASES,
Of Solid Russian Leather.
IN GREAT VARIETY,
C*N BE FOUND AT
FAIRBANKS PIPERS.
WICKER PUNGENTS I
In White, Ruby and Blue, cut olass. Also,
DOUBLE FIND PVNCIKNTB,
With Gold and Silver Tops, can be found at
OUR STORE.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
WE HAVE AN
EEEG AN T LINE
OF
TRAYKLINQ FLANKH,
BIXONN,
FRYER. AND
IIAWKILEYB I
ALL AND SEE THEM.
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
We are not to be excelled in our
Line of Hair Brushes!
AL.I, PRICES.
Pleasp Examine at our Store.
10 FRONT STREET.
IVORY AND TORTOISE SHELL. FINE
DRESSING AND POCKET
COMBS!
IN GREAT VARIETY AT
FAIRBANKS PIPER’S,
IO FRONT ST.
DRESSING CASES!
LADIES* AND GENTLEMEN’S.
The Best Assortment ever shown in Worcester, at
our Drug Store,
10 Front St.
FANCY WRAPPED SOAPS!
II BO S.
BAYLEY'S.
COVDBVY. and
MOUU.IIOM,
Choice Pei-fiunes I
sold by
FAIRBANKS PIPER.
SWISS CARVINGS!
A Good Assortment
CAN BE FOVXD AT OVB DBVS
STORE,
10 Front Street,
FAIRBANKS FIFER,