MUNICIPAL REFORM.
WHAT BECAME OF THE COURT-HOUSE FURNITURE.
A gentleman doing business opposite the
grand entrance to the New Court-House made the follow
Mg statement to a TRIBUNE reporter yesterday
I have secn at various Simes large quantitios of car
pet, apparently of a very supgrior quality, in rolls, takes
ato the Oourt-House, and them the next day earted
away hy another trock. Expensive and very handsone
ehairs, lounges, and puch things were alec taken in there
ene day and removed the next. Where they weut to of
eourse 1 don’t know, and neither can I swear that these
things which were taken away were the same as those
brought in. But if you had seen them you would have
thought they were. It might be interesting to know
bow the new Metropolitan Hotel was furnished and who
paid the bills. Buch an inquiry wight throw some light
upon the subject.”
ANOTHER ENORMOUS COURT-HOUSE BILL.
The Commissioners of the Sinking Fund
met in the Mayor's rooms at 2 p. m., yesterday, Mayor
Hall ia the chair. Chamberlain Bradley, Recorder
Hackett and Deputy Controller Green were present.
After the adoption of the minutes of the last meoting,
the bill of Anthony Bleecker and others for making a
valuation of the New Court-House was presented. A
communication accompanying the bill stated that the
regular fee for making valuations of property is of 1
per cent of the value of the property; but that in this in
was worth a large sum, the
stashed with 116 of 1 per sent, i Tr ed
Mayor Halll move that bill be referred to the
Controller.
Recorder Hackett—This sum is enarmous; ii might
buve taken {Wo oF three wouths 10 wuke a valuation of
the property, but the lavor performed is not worth $162.
500. It 1s too much to pay and I am Spposed to it.
The motion to refer was carried, and the meoting ad
Journed.
THE FINANCIAL QUESTION.
Deputy Controller Green paid over, yester
day, to the Departifent of Public instruction, $250,000
for the salaries of the teachers and employés of that de
partment.
The Deputy Controller also paid to the Department of
Public Parks $50,000, the avails of assessment bonds.
The Btreet-Cleaning Commissioners met in the Mayor's
pooms at 1 p.m. yesterday, Mayor Hall in the chair. Re
eerder Hackett, Deputy Controller Green, and the Pres
fdeut of the Board of Health were present. Mr, Green
reported that all the money allowed by the Board of Ap
portioumeut for cleaning streets had been paid out by the
Finance Department, and that before Mr. Brown's bill
eould be paid there must be more money apportioned
pay it. Mr Hall moved that Mr. Brown's bill for extrs
strect-cleautng be audited by this Board, Mr. Greer
thought there should be some document on record t«
show that this extra cleaning has been satisfactorily
done. Mayor Hall would see that such a document ig
put og record. Mr. Green said, If the President of the
Beard of Health will state that the streets have been
cleaned in a manner satisfactory to him I shail be satis
fled.” The President of the Board replied, “I have
nothing te do with it.” The motion to audit was carried,
and the meeting adjourned.
to
THE INGERSOLL CASE APPEALED TO THE GENE
RAL TERM.
The case of Havemeyer agt. Ingersoll came
on yesterday before Judge Ingraham in Supreme Court
Chambers on the return of the order for the defendant's
examination, but uothing was done in the matter, as the
defendant has tiled his appeal to the General Term.
PARK DFPARTMENT MANAGEMENT.
ecaclffie—
LETTER FROM JUDGE HILTON TO THE CONTROL~
AER~THE BEAUTIES OF THE PRESENT PARK
REGIME POINTED OUT—FINANCIAL. INDEPEN
DENCE OF THE PARK COMMISSIONERS.
The following communication was sent yes
terduy to the Controlleffrom the Department of Public
Parke, accompanied by the opinion of Mr. Vanderpoel,
to which reference is made:
DrPARTHRNT OF PUBLIC PARKS
No. 265 BROADWAY, NEW-YOAK, Oct. 23, 1671,
To the Controller of the uy of New-York
DzAR 81k: On behalf of this Department I have to acknowledge re
eeipt of a communication from your depaty, under date of 17th ivet.,
faterming us that you had Gopesied to our credit $100,000, being avails
of assessment bonds issued by vou on our bebalf; and you are pleased to
presen: for our consideration certain facts and suggestions, some of which
we propose Lo notice.
L That we have expended in maintaining the Central and other Parks
ander our charge a greater amount than the $166,060, which was ap]
Fria Jox the purpose bY be Board of Apportionment under the Fo
As member of that Board, you are aware of the fact that this sum
was sppioprand to our Department, not because it was deemed in any
pense su fol 400 Jurpuse. oF with acy ittent 40 Teduce Sur eatmtes
submitted to the Board ‘but only and simply becanss there was ro greater
sun of money, the avails of the Two Per Cent tax, left remaining appli
eable to the neces ties of this Depart, The question was subee
quently presented to our consideration whether. after this $186,000 had
beon expended, we should discharge all the gwplosés and police of the
Department, and permit Central and the City Parks to remain uncared
for and Spen public corumons, subject to waste and destruction, or whethe
we shoul! continue, as has been the usual course ip such cases. We dic
wot hesiiate to decide that eur duties as public officers demanded wi
should do as we have done, and as was the custom of our predecessors—
maivtain 3 parts at all pecessary cost, and borrew the money actuall)
wooded from in our possession for pu of perk improvements
00 I Ee a Ie pes rly sof d ibm
J
IL we have expended the three-quarters of fhe presen
ar 3a Central rig Woy 14, and upon the other City Parks,
$50,854 61. malting $445,922 65 for care and geveshmest da).
8
This statement tie pele Fagen of you intended by it to pro
duoe an wufavors on management, we take
occasion to say that the results produced performed by us in the
eare and qorempent of Central Park bas been at a leps Hye of ex:
pend tare thet of the former Centra) Park Commission for
Jervis, and as to the fr dy Soeh $h vers muddy oan Sa
hereto ried v em by the City Governwent, us, the
former entra (\0 Ochhissioners De annually on Central Park
$37,000, the amount appropristed by law for malvinas, Yoguiber
with about $40,000 in asjems we the Treasurer, Mr. Greén,
always drew from other hia Ao of the Cow:
migion i t bonds, y besides, an ann
en he SNE 00 Tor the ears of (bé Musélsd Ind OUSArYALIPY,
making a tots] of $770,000, and which was expended in maintensuce
ander tions requiring tem hours’ labor to constitute a day's work,
The t Hour law, controling all po departments, necessarily in
bis qfjeaditite, to Jr, ike results, one-fifth; or equivalent
to ,000, i ua former foree Mag and Jeo-10e
ers was well known, ea for the constant detail rers to perform
jose daty. Not approvieg of this ecurse we added forty additional po
or park-ecpen, waking total of 117 men tp guard over 800 acres of
public park, snd six of whom have been mecessasilv detailed to prutect
and preserve the Harlem River bridges at McComb's Dim and Thiré-ave.
This addition involves ab expense $50.000 pel anpum, or about $1,500
Sor the pay and clothing of each man. Add 18,000 for music and $15,000
for fireworks, and we bave a total of $837,000,
Upon the City Parks the usual Shite with deficiencies was from
$70,000 to $95,000 per avnum. Acd one-§Rb as before for difference in
tabar. $19.00), would we us $114,000 for their care alone, to equal that
expended heretofore. considered that under the law we were bound
to protect 38 jresesve these City Parks, over twenty in number, by a
proper police force, and Seeardiusly have $000inied for that purpose 33
R-hoepens at ap anpual cost of about $57,000, making a total for tho
hh and Central Park of $708,000 per anvum, on the basis of ‘orner
expenditures. Now, you will perceive that our expenditure is far "low
this being for ive-sixths of the working year $447,000, or at the
rte of $52.00 per souam, and $166,000 in annnm less than that
Dberetofore expended to produce far inferior resn
UL That dung the past year and a half this Department has expended
in permanent improvemeuts aud structures, upon Contre) Park and the
wt, ee shy Jus, y Mp A.
As this ment is evidently made with the intent to mislead the pub
$c mind, and produce a false impression of the necessity for this expendi.
tare, we must here take occasion to say, your deputy could Lave in
formed yom that the late Central Park Commissioners 1-ft us legacies to
ry Depasuieat Su waa; extravagant «nd incompleted structures;
w too far to change, or were partia
ander het were 5 por need of speedy completion Toa
not hedtate 10 urging their progress. Of the amoung thus expendyl in
sostruction. near two-thirds was laid out upon the city parks, which
speak for themselves. Um Ceutral Park the money was applied
towsd completing the Belvidere, su unnecessarily extrava
nt etroeture; fhe eomservalory, more expensive, and so
Loy occ jo abines ie From for beyood what at $308 os the
sla wm needed, but too claborate purpose ark ex
Secior wall, very cosy: the Paleotort Mucus, which we Iy
ebsadaped, apd reglored the Park wall os Ei ve. the Dairy-pdving
and cowpleting the trgnsverse roads; comp! the Eighth ave. circle,
also the square at Fifth-ave. and Fifty-ninth of. of which were oon.
eeived by the former €orami niomers and are wholly uhadeasiary aod use
Sess; completing the terraces aad heres; fountain bama, &c.,
Besides theve w- built the sheep-fold, 8 beautiful structare and gen
erally almiiod: widened the main drive, Beccasitalioge change of bridle
and other paths; repsived, eularged, or rebuilt several expen
mve bridges, ooustreeted a man sewer with tonpel from the
Menagerie to Fifij-uinth-st.; raised the grade of  Eighth-ave.,
frouiing Manhattan-equare, some 18 feet; aso filled in the streets
and avenues shout that square, including a large Jorn of the square
roper, which lies in most par’ {rom 20 to 0 feet be ow grade; adapted a
free portion of the west sie of the Park to the new Bout gris
for we distamee nearly two miles, incloding s “aanje of most of the
Eighth-ave. entreices fo the transverse roads; rehabilitated the old
Amensl ballding 42a created within ite jiion Museum. beside afford
tng oflices for Lue proper administration of the business of the Depart.
meut: 60" houses, menageries, and aviaries about the M
for the ¢\uit ition of the tropical and other animals and birds; completed
sidewalks vu Fifth-ave for vver a mile; laid over a mile of Park wall;
welaid the Park walks several miles ia extent; erected a number of cot
tages for women and children, paved Pifty-ninth-st., &e., ke.
All these works have been carried on ju the mest careful and prodent
amander, and for everr dollar expended substantia] value has been re
erived upon the city property; and we do not fear to assert that our work
tn every oupeet will compare favorably, both in economy and durability,
with ai y suniler work dove for aceomnt of private individusle. All our
purchasers and all our contracts have been mode with merchants sad
wea tr oe reat ond setny lao OM, AIT ach
oud we chal wr to ows e n
Shicreiphe: $5 In any other. We trow we bave been Tab! to the
poblic interests. and cur only fault in the eyes of for copnomists would
#fem 10 be that we base donc a greater amount of wosk withia limited
Sime than has ever 1x ‘ore been socomplisbed 1n a like period in tho
administration of our city a'.urs. We think the fadie fully approves of
this famt; but, should we leary otherwise, there 1s no dieutty o avold
tag is in future, by adopting the usaal course of taking years to complete
bP RE TT A
to the control of
to vl ond payments par ng +1 by you
siready expremed sa adverse opixion ou this pais, we umm
micate wow the opinion of our ivnecl, A. J. Vanderpoel, esq., from
which it will appear that the sections the charter quoted by you bave
to yh re So Ria) reseed to i
po powers and dale late pe (HY ps re State
the
eral of
the laws oo. to ae is vf AA
contaived shall be deemed construed ar impair any of
the powers or fiutien so conferred kd irnerrd
to us As their shocessors. It was or claimed
By vourself or any one else that the were subject to
the control of your Bepsrtmont, and we bold toward you the sme rela
Sion as vor predecessors, excreising all thelr powers and performing all
their dmse
Reepecting wr J dios Tou wre oware that your Depaty ln sill a
Cowani= vact of 1 Department. At all times our pay- sod vouoh
a  ikiae, damiiag 0 LIved, 3 od gi so A=
a pe Lenring to the Slog of the Department, we cannot part
with their custody.
a
Fiuslly, we most aan ask yous sitention to Silos ots requisitions for
moneys to carry on work now proevesstag under us, and peying the
Sarge amount of andited bills of vanous parties agsiust the Department
Sor sontract work, tools, materials, kc. heretofore furnished. The moouut
you have lied us of late Is “holly inadequate (0 the purposes re
red, a8 SF liquidating tue pay-roll of laborers, &e., Sufi] rates
p hose whe bave pe-tonued work under coutracts, or furnished wate
fale. ke, many of whow are greatly in need of the amonats nov long
doe them. Yours, very ptouly, Hexry Hicroy, Tressurer D. P. P.
Mr. Vanderpoel in his opinion reviews the legislation
concerning the funds of the Purk Department, and con
cludes as follows:
Parke i gives to the Departmons of, Public i"
len has tales oars and oopire of the pi herbi the mgieve
thevafor. The provisions of the Charter, slowing the Piyance Depart
ment bo settle and put oll a against the Oargens
hon, and all aeceants in which the is concerned, 88 3
ean have Jo appisetiva in tyre cases, in which (as in the Department
of Jubiic Pay the Contreller is directed to deposit tbe money to the
it of the Department on the requisition of the Board, who are sa
thorized and directel bo make all disbursements therefrom.
The requisition of the Department of Public Parks upon the Controller,
in the form presaribed by the statuio in that bebalf, for the moneys whieh
be is required to deposit, is the voucher which is to be kept im
i a City Controller's office, showing the dispomtion of the money made
“THE COST OF THE COURT-HOUSE ENGINES,
To (he Editor of The Tridune.
Sir: My attention has been called to an ed
itorial in your issue of Sept. 90, and a subsequent article
in other columns of your issue of the 23d, wbich in
timate that frauds were pommitted in the purchase of
four steam engines for the New Court-House, and that
the persons who sold them were privy to the alleged
rascality. The facts of the case are, that the four Court
House engines were manufactured and furnished under
a written contract at a price of $16,000 for the four en
gines, by the Washington Iron Works, which were then
located at Newburgh, N. Y., and of which the writer was
at that time the Treasurer and General Manager. They
were superior engines, and finished expensively, as an
S3sibjukiton will show, and could not be afforded at a
re.
The bill was made out for just the contract price, wns
paid Dremu and io full, and not one dollar more, and
not one dollar was paid as commission to any one.
I at first intended to Sake no notice of your statement,
and wait the result of the investigations which I knew
would exonerate our Company from say collusion with
the Ring; but it bolug uncertain when the investigation
will be made, and as ry statements decidedly reflect
upon our Integrity in transection, 1 deem it a matter
of simple justice that the facts should be stated. Yours
truly, GRO. M. CLAPP, President.

Washington Irom Works, Office No. 60 Tesey-st., New
York, Oct. 23, 1871.
THE FIRE RELIEF FUND.
rr
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE CONTRIBUTIONS.
HIN Nyy
Morgan Iron Works, for
a and their em- jn
Ma joys How Relief Fund, 100
by Lord Mayor of London ess 25
and Drexel, Morgan Co., Hon. H. W. Robinson...
BE sscresseese ssn 38.01% [P. J. Joachimsous, 2d 2d sub. 20
From the American Commit- Kdgar Ketchum. ..ooooovonos 55
tee, London, by Drexel, ‘Theo. M. Davis..........0 50
Morgan Co............ 13,609 Adriance k Wood....... ee 25
Maugion House Retief Com Tracy, Olmstead Tray. 1%
mittee, by Lord Mayor of Davies Work........oet 75
Loudon and Drexel, Mor BSwith E. Be LER rerssoserens 25
gan Co., £8,000........ 0,549(T. Te Cll 0c reesorsss Ld
From American Commitiee, EM T Fey ressatese 20
London, by Drexel, Mor- L. A. ~Chicage
gan Co, £1,100....... 5968) and Mioigen starrer 00
James Manchester, Alpine M. E. Church, Ber
Eogland, £50,...0ec00e. 72) en Co. Ni deeresceies 00
Thivih Joho Armatrong— Taloot Bons........eccoce iw
Caph...oovreerenness sia Church of thy ol “Com
William Sherwood Cou rs munion, KR. Y............ “oo
A. J. Bmith........... “ee 25 Bt. Bartholemew's Church,
John Dunphy. PP 1 N. Y., through J. Reese.. 166
Bt. Timothy's Church 57 Memorial Church, Tarry
Grace Chapel, N. Y., for town, No ¥oeerunnanens k<}
Wisconsin and Michigan. 25 Ramoel Wetmore.......... 300
A lady, by Jesse Oakly Co. 50 P.M. Morrison. ......oens 100
dar hed el ah ‘eeas 50 Camb.coovvncnniinenannnne 0
They Creskill 8'dav- school, Cres
es. SB breasts 300| kill, N. J., for Michiean.. 4
a: Whiting........ 300 84. Paals P. E. Church,
E. M. Willett, for Wiscon'n 328 Yorkville, for Cived
B. Mf Willettecoeveeeee... 15%
William Mann. ...coovnnn
Thre. Geo. DeForest Lori—
Cua Scott Crowell 170
w, Larrooque Me- The Sass “school at King.
1 andes estes 500 ‘assaic Co., N.
Piney Butler Parsons. and Nokes PLL PP 1]
berf Matthews. 50
8.
$843 |C
1, for Wis, aud
5 Fa fT 25 TotaAl..covveiarnnresss $108,640
E. R. Robinson
Pritchard, Choate Rmith

Jonathan Edwards....... ps ‘Grand total through Cham
James H. Coleman......... pv ber of Commerce... $604,302
RELIEF FOR THE NORTH-WEST.
RELIEF FOR THE NORTH-WEST.
~The Chamber of Commerce Relief Committee
of 100 met yesterday noon, with John C. Green in the
chair. Gov. Bolomon spoke on the North-West fires, par
ticularly detailing the sufferings and losses of the
people of Wisconsin, and closing with the hope that a
portion of the funds raised fer the People of Chicaju
might be diverted to the relief of the people of Wisconsin.
In Techonse to a request Sifued by Vermilye Co.,
Henry Clowes Co. Jay Cooke Co., and other contrib
utors, the Committee ided to set apart $25,000 for the
relief of the Wisconsin and Michigan sufferers,
THE CHICAGO DISTRIBUTING COMMITTEE.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: On reaching New-York direct from
Chicago we are pained to learn that a rumor has been
set afloat to the effect that the funds for the relief of suf
ferers by the late conflagration in Chicago are in the
hands of the wrong men, and are being misapplied or
given more to friends of the Committee than others.
Such report is false. The gentlemen forming the Relief
Committees are of the very best and most honorable in
our city. The funds intrusted to their care are distrib
uted without separd to politics, religion, or nationality,
where there is the most need and That goud to be done
to all conceined. WILLIAM Bross, Ex-Governor State of
Illinois; H. F. EAMES, President Commercial National
Bank of Chicago; H. Z. CULVER of Culver, Page Hoyne,
Chicago; C. P. BAW YER, President Fourth National Bank,
CHioags: D. R. CAMERON of Cameron, Amberg Hoff
man, Chicago.
New-York Oity, Oct. 28, 1871.
The Ladies’ Roady Relief Sovery No. 798 Broadway,
Mrs, E. Wandel, Manager, earnes fy solicits the assist
ance of the ladies of New-York City in making up me
ments for the women and children Sutiaiing tn Michigan
and Wisconsin. Bewing-machines of all kinds are in
readiness for use. Garments, domestic goods, or money
will be thankfully received, packed, and forwarded
direct by the American Express. If persons send their
address their gifts will be called for.
Henry Ward Beecher, Dr. John Hall, and others bave
issued an appeal to the Badur schools of America for
contributions tp erecta new building for the Illinois-st.
Soni BU] by D. L. Moody. All contribu.
tions to this end Bf ben yo George H, Stuart, No.
13 panic, Fpilgdel bia, PEBR, miso x cpa
E.C. ere Ps Anchor Life Insufance
Company, acknowledges the following contributions for
-8%, Brooklyn, B.D., Methodist Episcopal
SBerh Wea T Ril, Pastor (collection)... ose... $90 00
Scholars bf Pablic School No. 11, BrooklyD.... $00 08
Cash for 25 victims (Inventor). .....coceevreeeiecres 2 00
Gest bole yo sergssnsnnr assests spepereris SLOATD
OE ics cnsrsssieeesssesarvrtsismsraheriny R415 00
Previously Serres ERarrrEe 1,256 15
Two packages of clothing, Friend; 2 boxes of hats, R. Hogan, No. 66
East Fourth-st., New-York; 30 barrels of elothing. unknown; 19 barrels
of necess':ies from the ladies of Hoboken, Mrs. Lufbery, Mrs. Bean, Mr.
Hopkins, Mr. Kicke, Mrs. Bchroeder, Mrs. Ashman; 1 case of old clothes
from W, EB. Osgood, No. 20 Cortlandt-st; 1 package of clothes from
Mrs. Roe,
AN APPEAL TO THE P. E. CHURCH FOR AID FOR
THE*WISCONSIN SUFFERERS.
BarTiMore, Oct. 23. In the Protestant
Episcopal Convention, to-day, the Rev. Dr. Adams read
a letter from Wisconsin detailing the destitution of the
victims of the late conflagrations, and offered the follow
mg resolution, which was adopled
wed, That. In view of this awful visitation, the clergy and congre
gations of this Church throughout the United Riates are invited to send
any contributions that they may give to Bishop Armitage of Wisconsin
or Bishop McCoskry of Mickigan, by them te be sent to the Governors of
these States to wxpcnd according to the beet of their judgment iu behalf
of the sefferers, without regard te church, or pation, or anything saving
the destitution and misery.
TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS FROM THE
NEW-ENGLAND METHODISTS.
Bostox, Mass., Oct. 28.—Tae regular meeting
of the Methodist preachers held in Wesleyan Hall to-day
was fully attended by clergy and laymen. The following
resolutions were adopted
Fret: That we heartily a the appeals forth b breth
in Chicago, and the North-West, for Delp, aod 2H a bo A Ai
in Jeg the amount of 20,40 required to meet New-England's share
of $200,000, which we deem the cause of Methodism in thas section ur
geutly demands.
pane That 2 Te eowmend that the churches in other cities, such as,
Hovert i and ad other leading ce, hot ETE oo Ho BS
Third: That d all
hy collections on the ood 1 TL rand New Eadiaed joi
t 8 eliiin be taken in our Bunday-schools on the sae day for the
SAD u h
in
A committee of twenty was appointed
further action as ehall be ueemed ey aks: ed
AID FROM ENGLAND,
Loxpox, Oct. 23.—The Liverpool subserip
tious to the Chicago relief fund amount this morning to
£16,000. Nottingham has contributed £1,000, The steamer
Russia, which sailed on Baturday, took a large consign
ment of clothing and blankets contributed at various
poiite for the victims of the Western fires. The National
‘horal Bociety, numbering 1,000 members, will perform
the oratorio of “The Messiah,” at Albert Hall Hyde
Park, for the benefit of the Chicago sufferers.
8T. JAMES'S CHURCH, CHICAGO.
In the great fire which laid waste, on the
night of Bunday, Oct. 8, 1871, half the area of the City of
Chicago, and turned 100,000 of her people houseless into
the streets, among other losses the stately church of St,
James's together with the rectory and
tents, and the of nearly ull the Porianbonen,
inte in the mdad EL, Wo. bom

will of God un Ai ren but Teel ta he
‘burden, bound wy pivind y to Hit our
church and out of the dust and ashes.
Especial this duty bedsuse Bt. James's ia
the mo parish of history
‘that t goes back to the pr the ci
par that has been the fruit of denial, patient ln:
r, and many prayers. We oannot let it die; we cannot
let It We canuot let its parish shared lie in
ruins, even h our own homes so 1 rap
aly roof over a shed in its blackened Sralls, and continue
there our worship as of old. Bus; Wille will do for
the work of restoration must be $008,
Int condition of our city, in the
fallen on ur people, the work seems beyond our power,
In the days of her prosperity, whem candle of the
Successful ta to
Me Body Rin Sid wana captive by di
Lord shined upon her, Bt. James Parish never turned a
of ear 0 any demand Jen hey Chrmtinh linreiity,
his wife
e say now to old members of the ory old resi
dents of Chicago, to ou Lrieuis and n bound
ties of old commnunion ST wpathy, What if they with
to aid in this work, which has 80 suddenly and so
providentiully laid before us, we shall be grateful and
_ PABSAIC. ~The Vy Water is
Ani Eee, ol es am
whl Le 1n Operation on Dorp e waterworks
harkful. As our oy rises out of her ashes, now more
thau ever we must all feel that in the material restors
ton the spiritual must not be forgotten. Remittances
may bo Sara 19 Jobu Pekbven, ar (21
bers, will promp! whe acknowl.
edge them. Respectfully rs ry
ugh Miller Thompson, Reotor.
E. Hl. Bheldson, Tuomas Larrabee, Wardens,
LN.Amold, E. B. MeCagg, Wm. B. Og'en, Gee. L.
Pe A
Ryerson, Fred. H.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1871.
THERMOMETER YESTERDAY.
fam Ko. 5b ow. Midnight.
67° no vw wr
Yin Rook B10Y T18% TODAY,
x Braneh, (8 wv
way, snd Coney Id. N. Y. Ratha. Flushing, L. 1.
am m, “mm rm. a
“29 ht) 5:00 fo ns) 8:28
WEATHER PROSPEOTS POR THIS VICUITY.
(Ree Vifih page.)
BPW TRAST ERES BR FERRERS. Tee
Brevoort House—Ex-Gov. J. Gregory Smith
of Yermont, Capt, Riley of the British army, aad J. 6.
Holland of Springtield, Muss, 8i. Nicholas Hotel—
Ex-Gov. Dennison, Gen. D, W. Day, and B. E. Smith of
Ohio Judge Crump and Gen. Wm. Mahone of Viginia,
and Bir J. W. Copley of England. Everetl Houso—
Cul. Bnow Bugleat Fifa Avenue Holel-Homer
A. Nelson, of State Hon. D, C. Listigjohn
of Duomo, the Hon. D. 8, Bennett of Bufalo, C. 8.
nell of New-Haven, Dr. Bumper of Boston, and Thomas
H. Canfleld of Vermont. Aslor House—ExCongrost
man Rioe of Maine and the Rev. C. Bennett of India.
Blurievant House—Gen. A. N- Jjeylert of Pennsyl
Vania. 8¢, Denis Hotel—Ool. A. Dster of Washing
ton and the Rev. L. P. Bapettr, of Loulsville, New
York Hotel—Col. W. H. ds of Providence.
Jetropolitan Hoje £1. C. Lord of Cincinnati aud the
Hon, T. Y. Simm of Bouth Carollna, BL James
Hotel—Gen. R. F. Btockten of New-Jersey, grand
Central Hotel—Gen. J. E. Mulford of Richmond.
snpposed to be in Jersey City still, and in communica
swindler, 18
tion with the Chief of Police there.
Greene-st. is fast becoming the French
rter’” of our eity. It is filled with French artisans,
py of them highly skilled to their handicraft.
«J; F.” who complains that no book of
registration is kept at tho XIVth District, Seventeenth
Ward, polling place, has been misinformed. He can ex
swine the Hat at any proper hour.
The Elevated Railroad creates considerable
consternation among horses. Otherwise its workings
are tolerably satisfactory. It makes 10 round tripe each
ay, ie Avs 450 passengers,
The following appointments of Inspectors in
the New-York Custom-House have been confirmed il
the Treasury Dejaltient J. H. Armitage, H. J. Gil
bert, Charles H. Knight, and Hiland K. Clark.
The payment of taxes on real estate is made
#0 rapidly that the clerks in the Tax Commissioner's
office are unable to foot them up on the day that they are
paid. The amount received yesterday is estimated at
about $350,000.
William Maxwell, age 50, of Forty-first-st.,
near Becond-ave., while driving upon Eighth-ave., yes
terday, ran into a cart at Onehundredandfortysecond
st., and was LM to the ground so’ violently that he
soun died from Internal injuries.
There is a church on Fifth-ave. with glass
doors in its vestibule, go a8 to enable those who have
their favorites” to get a glance at the Smciaing minis
ter without disturbing the congregation. Who shall say
that religion cannot be made praetical 1
Many of the ecity drinking-saloons have
quaint signs and canous inscriptions over thelr doors, as
for example The Place,” Just the Place,” Gotham,”
“Dew Drop Inn,” “As we journey thro’ life let us
live the way One hears the significant words,
The End of the World,” which it doubtiess proves to
many of its patrons.
Col. Julian Allen, a prominent Polish exile,
writes to THE TRIBUNE: There has been a diligent,
strictly private inquiry made among my countrymen, a8
a fear existed on the part-of the Russian Minister that a
secret organization had been formed to do violence to
the accepted guest of a great nation. To all of that, let
me state to you that the Poles are too brave a people to
attempt cowardly assassination or even rudeness.’
The Rev. Dr. Ryder of the principal Univer
salist Church in Chicago presented to Dr. Chapin’s con
gregation last Bunday the needs of his Bociety, which
bad lost ite spacious and elegant church by the recent
conflagration. A few words were added by Dr. Chupa
and several sthete, Whoa contributions were ealled for
and over $12,000 subscribed on the A beside a loan of
$5,000 for five Josh without in A turther appeal
i8 to be made to the sopgreration next Sunday morning,
when it is hoped that the donations will be swelled to
$20,000.
R—
BROOKLYN.
Thirty-seven cases of small-pox and 28 of
searies fever were reported by the Health Board last
woek.
WATCHES!
The Aldermen have decided to pay for work
done under contract in vacant lots from the fund ansing
from the sale of assessment bonds.
The passenger rooms in the new Fulton
Ferry-house are completed. Frosty weather for a fort
night has shown the Desensity Ior chelter to the waiting
crowds at this great thoroughfare.
The Fire Commissioners have stationed two
firemen and a hose-carriage st Harbeok’s stores, in Fur
man-et., and have connected the warehonses with the
fire alarm telegraph, eo that an alarm can be speedily
communicated to the Fire Department.
A bruized foot, perhaps a broken arm, will
rome day admonish the Union Ferry Company that the
sliding iron gate which they have erected in the new
Fulton Ferry-house has its disadvantages and daugers,
Careless perrons stick arms and legs through the bars,
and are apt to have them cut off. An ounce of preven
tion might be happily administered in this case,
LONG ISLAND.
LoxNG IsLaxp City.—E. A. Rice, editor of The
Long Island (ity Press, on Soupng his office, yesterday,
Found iret Commissioner Wild iff Possession, claiming
that, by authority of Alderman Torrey, he intended to con
trol the HewEpajoL. Angry words ensued, and a consta-,
ble was called in to keep the peace. Mr. Rice lating tte
entire ownership of the newspaper. It is rumored that
the office will be closed and a receiver appointed. ...The
Winter time-schedule of the Long Island Railroad Com
pany will go into effect next Monday. Only one train
a day will run from Greenport, arriving at Hunter's
Point early in the afternoon,
HUDSON RIVER COUNTIES.
Fort PLAIN.—Mrs. Peter Goesler hung her
self on Sunday while temporarily insane.
Rox¥povuT.—Horatio Fowks, editor of The Daily Free
man, was arrested Jestorday, on an order from Judge
Barnard on So plaiyt of Tg Bchoonmaker, Demo
cratie candidate for County Judge of Ulster County, for
for an alleged libel. The damages are laid at $10,000.
Fowks gave ball for $1,000,
NEWHBURGH.—Two men and two women kidnapped a
child from Western-ave, yesterday, and, eluding the
lice, took passage on a Hudson River train for He
North. The police are in pursuit.
POUGHREYPRIE.—Charles Bmith wor A two-mile hoat
race ut Fislkill Landing yesterday ugi.ust Augustus
Morher, in 16 minutes. Mosher’'s tine was 17 minutes 16
seconds.
NEW-JERSEY.
Jersey City. The Republicans will hold a
ratification meeting at Turner's Hall, to-night. Addresses
will be made by Capt. A. B. Cloke, Noble Heath, jr.,
Benjamin Russell, aud Thos. Potter....The Hedding M.
E. Church has collected $500 for the relief of Chicago....
Arthur Bliggins was sentenced yesteldadto three months
in the County Workhouse, for brutal assault on his
wife, Bunday night.... Patrick Mannion was committed
to the Couuty Jall, for an indecent assault upon Mrs, Ann
Mullen of No. 213 Bay-st....The Excelsior Yacht Club
Regatta will take place Thursday....The Hudson County
Grand Jug was dismissed JSoterdny they found 101
bills of indictment during the ecssion....A Republican
muss meeting will be held at Hoffman's Arcade, Thurs
day night.
NEWART,—Willlam Thompson, switch-tender of the
Newark and New-York Railroad, through whose neglect
five men were killed on July 8, will plead Jus before
the Court of Oyer and Terminer to-day,end will receive
gentence next month....A valuable watch and articles
of clothing wero stolen from the residence of Richard
Coyne, at Orange Junction, late on Sunday night....
Deaths last week, 45, including one from small-pox....
The trial of Mrs, Efile McKinley, charged with stealin
wearing apparel from the house of Frank Gould, will
take place Nov. 1. 8he was balled, J 2utaday, fu E60. nv
A Republica mass meoting be add by the
Hon, Henry Wilson of Massachusetts and Gen. Thos. B.
Van Buren at Library Hall on Thursday evening....
Richard Heron was badly injured Jostarday OF bein
thrown from a carriage....ThefiEssex County ational
Bank tn Newark, N. J., was robbed of $2,000 yesterday
afternoon, the attention of the teller being occupied by a
confederate while the thief stepped behind the counter
and emptied the drawers.
HOBOKEN.—A warrant has been issued for the arrest
ot John Yernon sad wife of No. 81 Grand-st., Sharged
with {ously ig nd Jobbing Eldridge M. Fish,
one of their boarders... John Frederick Lutz of Eigh
loenthat,, was found in an insensible condition on a
fisiophey-et. torry-boat last nigpt. He was bleeding
Pio useiy fromm mouth, ears, and nostrils, having sus
jained probably fatal injuries. He stated that he had
yy Eh Msaitied and robbed in New-York, but was unable
Hospital further information. Taken to 88. Mary's
PATERSON ~An unknown Scotehman Ho
STL bridge epst of the railroad tine to
re 80 foot deep and was instuntly killed. ...Contribu
tions to she Chicago fand amount to #1 14.... Ralph
ag alse stables n Water-st.,, between Hambui -ave,
$,000; not At. ore burned on Bunday night. hom,
DUNDRE.—The bod
Garman, 820 ADOUT 0B, Hi Tor I Sn, ATTAALLY
pest the Broadway rides on Bunday Fg Ag
r
cut and the hands were severely scratched
rise 10 saaprgole 1ands were ry ving
Hopfleld, tailor, made several un
n his residence and murder
cure,
Wiitcous's Asuna Remepy—Sur
SR
A Favorane Noromiery.—The good repu
tation of Browa's Buancmias Toons, for the rebief of Conghe, Colds.
and TH000 Distses. bas 21960 that Aettbit botensts.
HOME NEWS.
NEW-YORK CITY.

|AAgsancomens.
A m——————
Ove 6f those strange denovemente That fond to shange ibe moneiony oF
Raman life sorurred last week on Broadway. A younggentiomen fren the
West waa riding ap on the 0p of a stage, when be cangbb sight of a lady,
long-lost love, whom be hid not seen for seven years. The lady recog:
nised him, and id bis hurry to descend be slipped and fell head fiswt on the
adjoining sidewalk. His love rushed forward with a fearfal scream, but
before she could reach the spot be got up apparently uninjored. The ar
tenishment of the lady sad bystanders was immense to fad the youlb
alive. The mystery was esplained in a very few worde—Ri bead wae
protected by ove of Knox's sew Pall Hate from 713 Brosdwsy.
————t
EcoNOMICAL S0AP.—All who would exercise
tousert in the sp of fis article gray ous ad a ip
Are Roe 0 article secure Prue’
celebrated 0. K. Boap—dry A yor] No other souple so gener? sold
bo drei-claas families by he box, and pewe bas 00 a o,
Orders by mail be promptly died. and the article frea of
TO nt oF Naweguls, BrwAL, arse etarer
wy 2 "Washingtoo-st., New-York.
rel
To Tae PusLic.
Cn I hr, fen FL
“w N
Armani OE ranean Co, 16 Maides-lase.
rr
GENTY Dress Hars.—Hebberd, 419 Broadway,
pear Cangho.. bas the best—his stock of dress and undress bata is large.
Bilk $7; Boy and Childress Hote
v eI.
THE BEST PLACE in New-York to buy ReLI
ABLE WATCHES, 7IxE DIAMONDS, RICH, FASHIONABLE JEWELRY, and
Fa BILVER, is BqUIRE's, 77 Pulton-st. Diamonds a specially.
Breacpuxa, CreAaxING and DyriNG Orcs
0 RD, roadw Bear -second-m, roome-ob.
Breadwhy. Madewp a he a gloves, ke., cleaned.
tI.
The Troy (N. Y.) Times says the sprightly
Jook of many of our older citizens is owing y to the use of HasL's
Vaunranis BiciLian Hain Ruxxwen,
rr r———
For a stylish and elegant Har go to EsrExn
SCHIXD, A styash 118 Nasssu-ot,
RE
i Ry LEY
rlegant Rolls, Biscuits, ete., with DOOLEY
LG LOCOMOTIVES FOR NARROW
Fesge Rellionde contractery’ use, construction,
shifting, wooden
quarries, mines; conform to pe
ih Thi a a sare pings a a tunnels, end Jor Ria)
information dest R. BELL Co. Pittsburgh, Penn.
PAYNE® PATENT
BOOK-CASE BRD SOFA B
ETAGERR BED, LOUNGE BED,
MT. GRIFFIN'S, 181 Canal, one door from Mott-st.
STRICTURE, 2, Fistula, and Pilesradically cured
knife, eanstic, or detention from business Im; Dis
eases of the Generative Organs. 'y A, Daniels, M.D., 144 Laxington-ave.
Lund SOLID "CEDAR R TRUNKS,
(3 OTHIC FURNACE For Warming Houses,
book, M. Lesley, 605 Gth-ave.
Sonn SCHOOL I BOOKS.
ROUGHTON WYMAN, 13 Bible House.
HOS. AGNEW, 260 Greenwich-st., N N.Y.
Choice AGRE TEAS, FISH, ete., nwich-st., N.
A Raymond b i,
“CLOTHIERS.
AN IMMENSE STOCK O
FALL SUITS
MEN and BOYS
Waltham Watches,
English Watches,
Swi iss Watches,
AT CLOSE PRIC
BO REIN,
BUFFALOQ
ROBES,
WOLF ROBES, CARRIAGE ROBES,
SLEIGH ROBES,
LAP ROTES, Lia RLANLETS
SAMUEL SHE THAR Lo,
"ELASTIC BELTS,
STOCKINGS, KNEE-CAPS, ANKLES, ke., at
MARSH Co's
RADICAL CURE TRUSS OFFICE, No. 2 Vesey-st., and No. 32 Bast
Fourteenth-st., near University-place
a
IRON WORK
BEings; Tg) Docks,
Having made extensive additions te our Buildings and Machinery on
25th, 26th, and D7th-sts., 10th and 11th-aves, thereby largely
fucreasing our aaletsdtuiog ties, we are now prepared to execute
al] kinds of wrought and cast-iron work for buildings sud other purposes
with great dispatch snd at prices.
J.B. &J. M. CORNELL,
OFFICE AND WAREROOMS
139, 141, and 143 Centre-st.,, NW.
BOYNTON’S
FURNACES, RANGES AND STOVES.
a Lr
ue
CUNDURANGO.
BLISS, KEENE Co.'s FLUID EXTRACT, the wonderful remedy
for CANOKR, STPHILLS, SCROFULA, ULCERS, SALT EXON ork
sll CHRONIC BLOOD DISEASES, is prepared from the GENUINE
CUNDURANGO BARK, from Loja Ecuador; secured by the assistance
Sold b sll Drosgisis. In pint th fall directions, price $10,
Laboratery, No. 80 CEDAR-ST., NEW-YORK.
OTIS’ vichiness.
OTIS BROTHERS k Co.. Wo. 348 Broadway, Now-York
MARVIN&CO'S
ARE THE BEST
265 BROADWAY
HERRINGS SAFES.
A
LL,
Mrairminm FWeOAVE.
Bronks Brothers
44 East Founrteenth-st, (Union-square),
BEN ABD CHOICE STOFX OF MATERIALS
Fall and Winter
CLOTHING.
BALL, BLACK (0,
598: og 807 /Beoalway,
ARB IMMENSR ATOCK OF
REAL "AND IMITATION
BRONZE CHANDELIERS
GAS FIXTURES
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
Ball, Black Co.
Newman Cap
fI0USE FUBNISTING GOODS,
L112 Broa, 0. Twenty: igh fl,
AVE JUST RECEIVED A VERY
STEAL PRESETS ANDSTANDS
Coats, Pando, Tas,
PACIFIC INSURANCE (0.
SAN FRANCISCO.
NEBW-YORK, October 30, 1871
Received this morning 8 dispatch from Ban Prancises, dated October
19, 20 follows: Wo make provisien for payment of all losses and re
sume business immediately assessment will make good all impairment of
Capital; act with prompiness pecordingly.
(Bigued)
A. J. RALSTON, Vice-President.
FRAME, HARE LOCKWOOD,
OFFICE OF THE
General Agents, 202 Broadway.
ST. NICHOLAS INSTRANCE C0.
No. 166 BROADWAY.
Chartered 1852.
wd
New-Yorx, Oet. 10, 1871,
This Company, having as UNTMPAIRED CASH CAPITAL, and a
LARGE SURPLUS, and baving lost nothing by the CHICAGO FIRB,
will continue to insure FIRST-CLASS RISKS ta New-York City and
immediate vicinity upon reasonable terms.
JOHN J. BEARING, Secretary,
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY
Cash Assets Oct. 1,1871- 84,723,206 52
Losses af Chicago will not
exceed 2,000,000 00

Leaving Cash Assets of
the Home Oct. 12, 1871 2,723,206 52
All Losses will be
promptly paid and
policies issued as
usual.
J. HB. WASHBURN, Secretary,
New-York, October 12, 1871,
CHARLES J, MARTIN, President.
CONTINENTAL
INSURANCE COMPANY,
No. 102 BROADWAY,
NEW-YORK, Oct. 13, 1871
Cash Capital $500,000 00
Surplus Oct. 1, 1871 2,127,496 21
Gross Assets $2,627,496 21
Limit of Chicago Losses as
fired by Agent at that
City, after investigation. $1,200,000 00
The Board of Disesters, at their regular monthly meeting (13th inet)
unanimously resolved to increase the Cap Brock to
ONE MILLION DOLLARS,
the additional amount to be paid in as speedily as the legal requirements
ean be complied with, and at the same meeting tendered their Subserlp
tions for an amount largely in excess of the Increased Capital.
GEO. T, HOPE, President.
H. H, LAMPORT, Vice-President,
CYRUS PECK, Secretary,
B, 0, TOWNSEND, Seo, Agency Dept,
ABRAN M. KIRBY, Sec, Local Dept.
JOHN K, OAKLEY, General Agent,
Fo
W wm AY Nip arinG
PRIVATE DWNLLIN other buidings by STEAM or WATER
ETN SMITH Co,
Cor. Houston snd Gresne-ata, New-York,
iad in the United States.)
asslisation.
(the oldest and establishment of the
and sotimaten facalebed on
BRONZES
TIFFANY Co,

UNION-SQUARE,
HAVE DEVOTED THR WHOLE OF
THEIR S8CON 71008 To.
EXHIBITION OF A VERY Longs AND CROCE SREOTION OF
FINE BRONZES.
STODART
PIANO-FURTE

The object of the plane-forte maker is still to combine delicacy sod
forces. To this chief desideratym he seeks to add two etberss purity
richness, sweetness, and brilliancy of tone, snd capacity of being wolf
Ti m—— All these quilitio
we have found united in high degree in the instraments, Grand aa
Square, of the Stodart” pattern, made by D. R. Stanford Co. Thep
have succeeded in producing a Instrument which, for sustained WAN)
and purity of tone, seems to be something between an ordinary plane sd
the diapason of a grand ergsa.—[N. Y. Tribuse, Oct. 11, 1871
THESE MAGNIFICENT INSTRUMENTS, NOW MADE FRO
OUR THOROUGHLY TESTED NEW 7} OCTAVE SCALE, id
CONFIDENTLY OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC, WHILE OUR
PRICES WILL BE POUND LOWER THAN ANY OTHER FIRSTS
CLASS MANUPACTURERS.|
D. R. STANFORD Co,

684 BROADWAY, COR. GREAT JONES.
hw Tan Coll!!!

ws
UNDERWEAR,
HOSIERY, BLOVES,
FINE FURNISHING
GOODS.
UNION ADAMS Co,
TY
637 BROADWAY.
a ge
THE HOWARD INSURANCE C0;
OF NEW-YORK,
NO. 68 WAYLSY.
CHARTERED IN 1826,
(ash Capital S000
Insures against loss dnd damage by fire on the moot favorable lems
SAMUEL T. SKIDMORE, President,
HENRY A. 0AELEY, Vice-President
THEODORE KEELER, Secretary,
W. B. SKIDMORE, Asst Bec'y.
IE
SEN.
NATIONAL
LIFE INSURANCE
‘oF TIE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
WASHINGTON, D.C
A}
Chartered by Special Act of Congres, WEL
A STRONG STOCK COMMPANTY.
Total Assets, August, 1971....00000e season sersnne $1,584
Total Liabilities, August, 1871. coceresnssnsnonee 837.04
id BUrphu. suosssssssersesssasansassasseness: $1,016,780
reduces b the contract, the fred and all subsequent
nisms (rom 20 bo 20 as compared with these of M ind
OFFICERS.
CLARENCE H. CLARK, Presideat
BE. A. ROLLIYNS, Philadelphla, Vice-President.
H. D. COOKE, Washingtoa, Vice-President
JAY COOKE, Chairman Finance and Bz. Commitiss.
EMERSON W, PEET, Secretary and Actuary.
JOHN M. BUTLER, Assistant Seerelary.
PRANCIS 0, SMITH, M. D., Medical Direchs
RM. NEWPORT, General up's of Agencies
CONTRACTS DIRECT WITH THE COMPANY, GIVING
AND CONTINUOUS COMMISSIONS, will be mades sll pure
country, with eficlent and reliable wes, who prope to muvee
onally for Life Insurance. Address, Breach Offes,
ACTIVE AND RELIABLE SOLICITORS WANTRD IX NEW
JOHN J. PARSONS, Manage

‘i
é
Metropoliine Agoney, 3% Pasheoow, 0 Ty