TBI STLTVESAST BAH TBOBBM
Tile Bank Ruined, But Will
Pay Its Debts.
A RECEIVER APPOINTED.
HOTnrO OF THE STOCKHOLDERS,
tr
f im tmblt whklh baa leaultad in the
ml tke Bwjtmui Bank, npwtci yeeierday, ctt
mow be pretty oiearty explained. It H irrattfylng t?,
mw that none of tbe tacts which have becor
known can la any way impeach 'i
TUB HONBSTT or ITS MAXAGKVSMt! If
Tbe President, Mr. Davia Coilamore, dracaaeed
ytrr flreely yesterday wltn vlaiton tbe/difflenttr
Into which Me institution bad fatten, and refused
mo desired information. A represent? .tire of the
Bbuld had with him the following conversation:?
??Good nornag, Mr. Coilamore. Like a coed
many ecfcer peeplo who, 1 suppose/ hate seen yon
<e m>, l nave doom upon an tnou&iuve errand."
~Ahwat un bank, of coursey (with pleasant
rs e'yj
r' t-m n
"1 would like to ask one ct'two questions which
heaM, In nil fairness, be asuo or yon first."
?I am very willing, ur, t<* enlighten yonaamnch
??WMt la the immediate oanse of *la trouble f"
"DISOOCNTINO TOO FBKBLT."
-to there no more renoee cause t"
"Ma Mr."
-Ot What character Has been the easiness of tbe
bank f
??strictly legitimate."
'Ot has never Indulged In aaf Speculation T*
">o, air. U has never speculated In gold or stock
'boa uoiiar'a worth since I was cnoaen President,
Which was three years ag& We have built up
SOMSTBINO OP A UP UT ATI ON,
Tbe bank o?*oa a valuable ten y ears lease of this
building <at the corner ol Astor place and Broad
way), and In fitting it np has spout lorty or Oivj
thousand dollars.'1
"Hare the omeers ever berrawed from the de
pouted funds r" -??K
?The failure of tbe bank cannot be attributed te
the officers. They have not used Its money. The
cashier may have borrowed sums at some past time,
hat be does not now owe the bank a cent. As to
nay self, my account shows a balance in my favor."
Ul yon pay your depositors ir"
?Then is no doubt of It.
WHS MXBCBANTS AND manttfacttoirs' bank
holds about $3*o,ooo of notes which are maturing la
war lavor."
??Mr in the bank be continued f
"1 do not think u can ne. At any other time this
4MBcaMy would not have crushed ns; bnt Jnst nbw
yea know the money market Is very close."
"How will its affairs be wound up?"
?'A receiver has been appointed, and be Wfi] col
lect the assets, pairing the creditors as last sa possi
ble."
A generous confidence in the integrity of the offl
MM baa led to many expressions of
I SYMPATHY and GOOD PRLINO
from those who have entrusted the bank with large
asms of money. Some of the depositors came to the
rresMem yesterday and offered to place further de
HUM in the bands of the cashier, expressing them
selves la the following manner:?
i "it yon can go on, we will stay with you."
She bank, though not of snob venerable standing
aa some others, has inspired confidence by its strict
Mhwewrr to
lbuitimatb and msFxcrLATTTB BVgnnnfl.
Tte action ol tbe Merchants tod Manufacturers'
Bank on Wednesday, In withdrawing its support,
was very sadden and unexpected. It Is even said
that no notification waa sent oat In advance. 1/
tills is true, tbe event must certainly be viewed aa
"A D1BTV THICK."
Tbe Merchants and Manufacturers' Bank beid the
peeanties or tbe muyvesant to tbe amount of over
Ball a million of dollars. This would seem to be
sufficient to obviate all suspicion of Insecurity,
(specially when it is remembered that tbe naif a
million is double tbe amount risked iu the redemp
tion of exchanges. But the Merchants and Maau
factorers' Bank thought otherwise; and, by its
feasor action, has succeeded in placing the iiuy
teuu
IN A QUAVDABT,
-which will undoubtedly result in Its permanent
?toopace.
Tbe trouble might have been tideo over had tbe
money market been m its normal condition. But
the demolition or Chicago by tbe Fire-Fiend and tbe
conseq uent panic among business men rendered it
Impossible to raise any borrowed support, and un
der these circumstances the stoppage was compelled
by the inability to continue exchanges, 'ilia bank
tor some time has been
PISCOtNTINO VBRT MAVILY,
and holds a large amount or paper which has not
yet matured. It has drawn too near its margin of
deposit, aud Its lack of funds became
A HKR10U3 DIFF1CCLTT
when the depositors, grown anxious through the
fxcitcmeiu produced by the Chicago calamity,
t>egan withdrawing. During Wcdues lay Uie bank
was forced 10 refuse tbe large cnetks piesented by
various oTber banking institutions, but continued
to pay the demands of smaller and poorer de
Doaiiora.
MR. 0. n. B. ARCITKR,
director of the Km Railway Company, and fornn r
President ol this bank, bu been appointed receiver,
and took charge ol the books and assets yesterdav.
From what be already knows of tne affairs of tbe
bask be expresses confidence in the fail payment of
?U its creditors and a.ter nils payment It Is thought
there will be a large sum remaining in the bank.
Among the poorer depositor? yesterday there
fU JSSrsssiSC s 2p '*j:
Mori bxcjTrvkvt
than among those whose risk is greater, btrt who
comprehend mure fully the oondlUon of affairs,
karly In the morning a small crowd bad collected
eo the sidewalk In trout of the entrance ou Broad
way, and besieged tne door long before It was
thrown open. 1 iiere was some depression, slight
vebti^es of anger and much anxiety. The throng,
however, sbowe 1 llscif to be withai quite
TOLbBANT AND C HAM r AS LB,
although very earnest in tbe discussion of facts ana
possibilities. Later in the day, wheu it became cog
MUant of the real suspension of payment, it dis
solved itself away in a very quiet and orderly
manner.
ANXIOUS INDIVIDUALS,
?f conrsc, continued to walk up to tbe ontlook of the
K/ug teller, witn bank books, but only to receive
i tub q cm its op thkib hopes.
A few of tbe principal creditors loitered about,
exchanging idnas and absorbing all tne Iniormatlon
that by aay means leaded oak The reporter of tbe
Bebau) conversed with one of them, who informed
htm that many or the depositors were "catUe men,"
and oa this premise further remarked that "it was
tha drovers
WHO DBOTB thb bank,"
they having drawn vrry heavily on their accounts.
Taw gt uUeiuan evinced a little alarm and said (hat
he uad just been oOared txooa lor a $u,ooo which
was in the hands of the bank, and "ha waa damned
tr he wasn't a notion to take it." He asked tue
reporter for advice, and that individual did a? much
as his conscience would permit to reassure him,
Which waa not much.
MfiETZItl Or THE STOCKHOLDERS*
sf the Affaire mi the Bssk? As Au
isewi M he Made te Kriant The Be ah a te
fc* Overhaaled? -Offer* mf Aid la lieraSH >he
Csih Capital.
la aoeordance with a rail lssnen yesterday morn
ing. a meeting of the stockholders of Ihs Stay va
saat Bank was held last evening. Mr. Coliamore,
the rraddent, was chairman, a report o 1
TBI CONDITION or TUS BANK
eras ashed for, and Mr. Van OrJen, the cashier, read
the following approximate! statement, as made by
the directors;?
ASSETS or TIT* BANK.
Loaas (204,000
Inacouata..... ?26,ooo
Tsui *ws?.aos
Due from country banks Ti.ooo
Oanh on bind 1*1,000
Lcaae held by bank so, .too
Total assets ?sm,voo
LlAS.UTlltt.
DeposKS. ?0,000
Tais report was discredited ny several gentlemen
tnd ahve rise to much stormy debate. During the
disraXsion proposals were ualo by tlie following
stockholders to advance Jio.oco each for the con
tinuation or the bank and
TO IM.MKASK IUB CAP ft CAPITAL:?
Mr. Vyland. Mr. jl.igan. Mr. Meruit, Mr. Campbell,
Mr. Boh aud Mvcral others.
a motion was carried appointing s committee?
ConAsUiig or Meatus. J E. Knynor, John a. Uugun,
J. 11. Williams, K. C. Ben Mead and BylanJ? to con
fer with tho receiver In making an examination of
Uie a*M'Ls I'abiinies, Ac., aud ut report to a meet
ing of the stockholders to day. Auouier committee
eras appoint to secure
a bbuksnins Aursrv
Jw the bank In ca*e it should continue business.
A| Ufl? 4L M*
seems ia be WT hopeful, tad there la apparently a
vtgorons determination Anions them to bring the 7
&i03MS?SjE3^
WALnTRE;Xi
Large Transaction* l?t hl)t-Tkt hUirt
of a Bifih Vwgt I
B?Ueved Ta Be Qret.
Forr/anafcrty, the fceri that were IWt yesterday
l,tV the temporary stoppage or the Btuyvesant Bank
^juldbe followed by a general brash in financial
'drotaB, which would, tumble (town in hopeless ruiaa
doceas of straggling hanks and Hundreds of firms,
has been so far unloundeA. Yesterday af
fairs la Wall street, in /spite of Uttle
breeze that once or twioe TuBUBfl the water, and for
The moment made an Ay leak threatening, sub
sided into something like quiet. Prices closed at
figures which oould. not be compared with the rul
ing rates of a few days ago, but such as they were
they were toleratfiy steady.
Early m toe morning confidence was somewhat
restored by the lbrmal retraction by a certain noto
rious tiear of the stars he threw last night upon the
solvency of a prominent baak. Alter a little ex*
postubmon on the part of some among his fellow
brokers he confessed that he had been carried away
by she excitement of the moment, and
that his doubts as to the safety of
the <bank were pnrely speculative. This
pat the "boys" tn good nnmor, and nopes of better
tunes began to prevail, when the fall ore of 0. Q.
Phillips again threw e damper apon the market.
Mjr. Phillips' fall is a pretty good example of one of
the most common financial tragedies on the street.
Mr. Phillips Is a Phlladelphtaa of good family, who
recently had the good luck to come Into a very
handsome fortune, as much, It Is reported, sb half a
million of dollars. refined education, however, had
seduced him into habits of gametic extravagance?
at least this is the gossip of the street? and, to keep
things going, be found It necessary to engsge in
business. And what business could be fouud to
suit a gentleman of his character other than
speculation In stocks? Bo became a member of
tbe New York Stock Exchange, and was recently
seized with a monomania in regard to Headtug. He
believed witn the most extravagant fervor iu the pros*
pects or this particular stock, and at last became in
terested in it so far as to hold fifty thousand Btmres.
Even a largo fortune could afford but a scanty mar
gin on such an immense load as ttus, and the pres
ent crisis, brougnt about by the fire at Chicago, has
engulfed the hapless speculator. This railure ran
Heading down to loo, and other stocks of course
necessarily sympathized in the lall. All through
the morning the transactions In ail stocks were im
mense, bat rates continued pretty steady, and grad
ually the belief obtained that tue partial panic last
night had been but a scheme of tbe "bears" to
enable tnem to cover their soles at a profitable
figure.
in the afternoon the announcement by "Barry"
Cambloss that he would pay in full all claims of
the street against htm added considerably to the
good humor of tbe operators? the more so, perhaps,
on accout of the marked popularity of this gentle
man. Toward the latter part of tbe day, however,
the reported failure of a broker's firm tn Philadel
phia again caused a little scare, aud confidence was
again somewhat broken. Tnls resulted In a geue
rai lowering of prices, and the day closed in com
parative gloom, t here was not much excitement,
and the general opinion seems to be that we have
fairly passed through, at least lor the immediate
present, the menaced panic.
THE BOMItD WILL CASE.
Singular Testimony About Cats, Horses and
OUsr Animals? Bernard's Extraordinary Be
liefs? His Idea of Immortality- Metemp jy
chosis Resurrected -Further Healing
in the Case Adjourned.
The Tlonard will ease was resumed yesterday in the
Surrogate's uoort. before Surrogate Dutch tags. Mr.
Kerch was present with his counsel, Mr. uerry. Mr.
Contlert appeared as counsel for the contestants of
the wllL
August Bajpiey, a compositor, who resided at lis
Wooster street, was the first witness examined. He
?aid he bad known the late Mr. Bonard eight years
asro, bnthad lost sight of htm some time previous to
his death; he knew him at Madame Dngepereux's
boarding house; witness often had conversation.)
with Mr. Bonard about politics and religion; he did
not believe in religion at all; he said lie waa a Catho
lic. but be
DID NOT RUCT1 IT AXX;
I believe he entertained the Mea of metempsycho
sis; he said be did not see anything good in mea;
he believed he would become something good in tae
next l;ie;
ANIMALS WERE BETTER THAN MEN,
he said, and had better feelings; he lived Use a
miser; ho told witness that he nad come lrom
Rouen, but he had been travelling Booth.
Charles Martin, of No. 43 Broadway, was next
called he said that he had loBt sight of Mr. Bonard
three or four years ago; when witness knew him
he was a simple living man and very economical;
he invented some machinery; he often spoke of reli
gion, but
BAD NO FAITH
In It; be usually dressed like a worktngruan; tn
one of w;tucas' conversations with him fire years
ago he aaid he would probably leave his money to
a house of the Sisters of Mercy; he was generally
ex cited when speaking of religion.
Madame Dugepereux being called to the stand,
deposed:? 1 reside at No. 177 Wooster street; I keep
a boarding house; Mr. Bonard boarded with me
lour or five years ago: I \iv94 then in Lupenard
street; he boarded with mo and
LIVKD IN A GARRET
across the way; he said lie did not think any more
abou his tanuiy, bat saw l he bad a family; he was
so m serty mat lie was afraid to spend a cent for a
glass; if he was a second behtua time at nts meals
lie would tremble; 1 understand bv a miser a man
who deprives hlniseu of everytuing and is alraiu to
give a cent 10 any one; by being afraid to buy a
glass 1 mean he would like to have a glass or wine,
but was ulraid lest he should have to pair for it; 1
oiieu talked to him about his fatuity, became I'
aaid I
WANTED TO MARRY HIM;
I said n In fnn, merely to kt-ep up the conversation;
I dm not think huii a sensible man then; he was al
wai*
"WITHOUT HIS nEAD"
at my house; 1 did not ask h.m anything about
whete ue came from; he did not seem to oc alraid
to tell where hu came from; he did not like people
who went 10 church, because he said they were
fools.
ThO witness gave her testimony In French.
Arclur>au Campbell, one of Mr. Bergh's officers,
was callcd on the part of the contestants to mve evi
dence as to the custody of tne win. He testiAod tnat
he bad tne will m his possession tuid received 11 from
the testator; ne had also another will made on the
nth of February, three days before the will at pres
eut m questiou; I went with a gentleman to see JUr.
Bonani on tne loth o( February, and he told me he
was going to leave ail Ms oroperty to the Society (or
the Prevention 01 Cruelty to animais ami to the good
ol Mr. liergh.
The surrogate ruled that the witness could only
be examinod with reference to the custody of the
will.
The witness continued that he carried the will In
his pocket from Tuesday to Wednesday, on wnicn
day m deposited it with Mr. Bergh, who placed it
lu the sale; ou the Mih of February the witness, In
company with Mr. Boyd aud Air. iier.'U, came and
banded the will to the Surrogate.
Ferdiaand rayleur, a Frenchman, waa examined
through an Interpreter, and aaid he waa acquaiated
with fir. Bonard ainco MM or lt?67 he was boarding
wilt Mr. Bonard in Leouard street; witneas very
often converted with Mr. Bonard about almost
everything, among other things religion: Mr. Bonard
?aid when he should die he should go luto the body
or an anlmai whatever it should be; witness is a
Catnolle; be did not discuss religion much, but on
one occasion when Mr. Bonard saw a person beatiug
an animal in ibe street, I10 said. "Don't touch uiat
animal, for there Is a soui lu It;'* In another discus
sion i said to him, "If y oil rao ul anouid outer into a
cat what would become of it when the cat should
have eighteen or twenty young ones f'bc got very
vexed and said, "You are ofdm;" Mr. Bonard said
one day ho affirmed that our aouls go Into the
bodiea of animal*; on thai aubjoct be finally
OOT ANuKT,
and went away; witness many a llmeftad similar
discussions wit li Mr. Bonart; Mr. Bonard said very
olteu be did not believe tno soul was immortal: that
it went into the bodies of animals; lie did not ape
cify particular animals, but generally into (110
Ihxiics of ail animals; lie believed the soul went
from wnimal to anunai, and had that alnd of im
mortality; he did Dot say that the particular anl
mai into wnuh the soul entered wan ueierermined
by the life led by the human being; he said ho
traded with Indians, and he believed the Indiana
belter than the Christians, because the/ treated
tneir horses better, believing that
TOE SOU US Ok' Tit K I II ANCESTORS
were in the horses; i should suppose a e believed in
the religion of the Indians.
Mr. cot/DiRT, counsel for the contestants, aaid he
meant hen to rest ins rase.
Mr. (iekhy, lor Mr. Bergh, said that he would go
on with icstimbtiy in rebuttal of trhat was advanced
on the otuer side.
A 1 this point tM JarUm kettlDg wm Milttpned
Mimi 'rapcLim

An Important "Caucus" at t^e
Office of "the Boss.*}/
_
iTfce Big Judge Ta Be Thrown
Over.
M'ecttnsr or the Board of
Apportionment.
4hs Alleged Lorn ef Four Millions br Mr.
Tweed Ihe Attitude ef Mr. tweeny? What
la To Be Done with the Begiiterahlp?
Appropriations for the Health
and Fire Departaenta.
The busiest of the public departments yesterday
was that of the Public Works. In the corridors
leading to the private office ef the ??Boas" wen
politicians of every grade, from the Big Judge"
down to ward politicians of smaller calibre. It waa
quite a crowded throng, and shortly after
their arrival they were ushered by the
messengers into tbe ante-room or the office
ol Mr. Tweed. The meeting was atrlcUy private,
but it afterwards transpired that it waa called for
the purpose of deciding whether tbe present Regis,
ter, Judge Connolly, was 10 receive the Tammany
nomination. The decision was In the negative and
was communicated to tbe "Big Judge" by Mr. Tweed
in very decided language. Ihe nominee of Tam
many will probably be Judge Shandley, though
there is a strong pressure to Induce the party
to give tbe nomination to the Germans. There Is
little doubt, however, that it will ultimate in tbe
nomination of Judge Shandley. The little fragment
of truth by which a misleading rumor was enabled
to be flanked In a morning Journal yesterday, in
which It was alleged Mr. Tweed had lost four mil*
lions of dollars, is traceable to a speculation In a
Western railroad in which Mr. Tweed and
his political friends are largely Interested. The
railroad in question is "The Hannibal and St.
Jo;" and though tbe shares of the road are at pre
sent quoted low, there Is blue doubt that those who
are able to carry their shares will be large gamers
ultimately. This is exactly the position of Mr.
Tweed and his mends. A very little reflection will
enable any one to Bee bow unlikely it is that Mr.
Tweed will allow himselt to lose four millions under
such circumstances. The other portion of the para
graph, which described a conversation between
Mr. Tweed and Mr. Sweeny, In wnicn the latter
Is reported to have told Mr. Tweed that
he must make wa.v for another man as Senator, and
thai he mudt not expect the support or the Tammany
party is equally erroneous. Mr. sweany ana Mr.
Tweed are not acting In concert with each other or
opposing one another in any other way than
they have uniloruilv acted for some time.
Mr. Sweeny has bis policy and Mr. Twee.l
has his. Mr. Tweed and Mr. Sweeny
go before the public on their respective
Individual merits, responsible for their own incil
victual and executive acts, and desirous of being
judged by their constituents in that retard only.
Considerable ludignauon was Xelt yesterday In
the Register office wiien it was understood that all
tue employes would be expected to contribute one
month s pay towards the expenses of the election
contest or the present Register. In the Comp
troller** office tlie only event of Importance
was the removal or Mr. H. P. Bostwick, the book
keeper. His successor has not yet been appointed.
Mr. Abraham u Earle, the new County Auditor,
was sworn into office beiore Mayor HalL The
grumblings are loud and deep among the
City Hall loungers that tue tune honored
I custom of giving them nominal employment
aud actual pav about tins ttmo or the year, just
previous to election, ts not this year observed.
Many are threatening to go over to the reiormers or
th-i republicans, aad others are determined to Rive
up the profession or politics and turn to more labori
ous aud less showy employments. This decision has
been precipitated maiuly from the inability of many
ot these meu to get tue pay due to tucin lor posi
tions they have tiled to the s.itislaction or the heads
or ttielr departments and Wltli benefit to thepuoilc.
Tneae ??discontents" number a large class, and their
auger must be appeased if the coming struggle la to
be valiantly lought.
In reference to the action of the law courts Judge
Iugrauain intimated Ids opinion yesterday that te
had no doubt or the right oi the Department of
Farks to the Issue or assessment bonds oy the
Comptroller to provldo lor expenses ox work done
under tnelr direction in cases where provision is
made for the reimbursement or the treasmy or the
city by assessments levieJ upon the property
benefited. The Deputy Comptroller on being asked
as to cms said that neither in th8 Foley lnjuuo
1 tion proceedings, nor In the proceeding before
Juoge ingrahaui, was It contended ou the part of
tue Deputy Comptroller that me Two Her Cent act
liad any application to money raised on assessment,
but that its provisions were enuiely restricted to
matters of taxation. The question as to the right
of the Departments of Docks and Parks to compel
tho Deputy Comp roller to issue bonds payable
from taxation, wnicn was the only question argued
beiore the Court, has oeen reserved by His Honor,
Judge ingruham, and a decision upon this im
portant subject may be expccted soon.
THE BOUID OF APPORTION JIETT.
The Board of Apportionment met yesterday after
noon In the Mayor's office. There were present
Mayor llall, who presided, J'cter B. Sweeney, Wil
liam M. Tweed, Deputy Comptroller Croen and
Messrs. Hennessy aud ilucbman, fire Commis
sioners.
The secretary read the minutes of the previous
meeting, which were confirmed. r
TtUt URALTlt DEPARTMENT.
A communication was read Irom the Board of
Health, asking the sum ot $60,000 lot tne purpose
or aetraying tne expanses of the department. It
was set forth mat the amount appropriated for the
present year had been almost expended, tbe outlay
betng absolutely necessary to guard the etty from
epidemics. In this application reference was also
made to the employment of additional inspectors
and tbe means adopted to prevent tbe approach of
cholera. The matter was referred to the Comptroller,
te report at the next meeting.
AID FOR THI FOUNDLINGS.
Mayor Hall submitted an earnest communication
from tbe officers of the New York Foundling Asylum,
now under tne supervision of the Sisters or Charity,
sol telling aid, iuasmuch aa tbe Institution was at
present in a very needj condition. Tito sum ap
plied for was $0,272 28. being the amount or a debt
incurred lor the charitable and commendable par
poses of the establishment.
The Deputy Comptroller thought that the matter
should remain over lor the present, In order to en
able the board to determine how the required
amount coald be raised.
Mr. hwKtKY said mat he hoped Immediate action
would be taken on the subject, and he would there
fore move that the amount be paid Irom tbe excise
fund.
The Mayor intimated tliat the application was
very urgent, inasmuch as the Sisters of Charity In
charge or tbe asyinm stated that the/ would be com
pelled to suspend operauons if relief were not forth
coming at once.
Mr. .""iwkbny observes that there were hundreds
of iiitants In this asylum, and it was necessary that
trier should be provided lor without delay.
The motion was earned unanimously.
TI1K KIRK DBPARTMKVT.
The qaestion as te an appropriation for tbe Fire
Department tneu came beiore the Board.
Mr. Hitcuman insisted that tbe money applied for
was absolutely necessary lor the maintenance of
the fire Department, aud that money must be im
mediately obtained. Tne fact or the matter was
that If the Department was not sufficiently supplied
with necessary funds iu operations would oease.
He believed that bonds should bo Issued for tbe
amount requited.
Mr. Swkbnt said they could not authorize bends
except for specific purposes.
Deputy comptroller ckkkn said that every member
or the Hoard re it tbe great necessity oi sustaining
the Fire Department. He thought the Board or
Underwriters would rurnish all the money neces
sary to support the Department in order to meet
the immediate exigencies or the case. The Board
of Underwriters wanted the firemen to be provided
for, but it wa* nevertheless necessary to examine
the matter in order to aaccruiu what could be
done.
Mr. Hbn*?98Y said thnt he had made application
to tne Hoard of Underwrite rs. aad ?nat he had been
Informed by tliem mat the sauries of the Fire De
partment had been pan.
Mr. Ghbsn said that a committee of the Board
bad caned upon aud protlercd their aid to the
Fire Department.
Commissioner Rknkvmy stated that the depart
ment Had onlv $5.s,uoo, and lite sum oi logout) was
required monthly to pay tlio salaries.
Mr. Twbbd unserved that, apart irom real Is^nss,
monev was required to maintain the eiliciency of
the Fire Department.
After some run her discussion a resolution was
uiiatiiinously adopted to r* so the sum oi $200,001
lor the purposes required, and authorizing the
Board to issue bonds of tne corporation or the city.
Mr. HWBBVKV then moved that tne bonds issued
lie known aa the "lire Department improvement
Bonds."
The reso'.crtlon was carried.
tok rut* riutoitarn qcc*tion.
Aipr Qjpe fl^beranQ^sna tHeyp^oa
SSXar^C renohition authorising ttie
?m?n?? to OM MUoaot Of 1*50,000 (Of tOiO
??/p purposes and for new Mtes for the depart
tws oor*T HOtTffB.
Mayer Hail humorously ealled attention to the
Ifcct that money was needed to complete to*
Court House, observing that there was in contem
plation a dome which might probably cost two mil
lions. (Laughter.) He hoped tue bn?UUM would be
finished under the Deputy Comptroller's adminis
tration.
TO* Board then adjourned.
Tin; GREAT MANDAMUS CASE.
A Van damns Granted Against the Comptroller
and Deputy Comptroller Assessment
Bonds To Be Isaued? Decision As
To Other Bonds Beaerted.
The arguments on the motion to Issue man
damuses against the Comptroller and Deputy
Comptroller were resumed before Judge Ingraham,
in the Supreme Court Chambers, yesterday morn
ing.
Mr. Strahan, for the-Deputr Comptroller, said
the order asted for in this ease was a peremptory
mandamna. w lth regard to the order as It re
lates to the two oootractors, Messrs. Harrington A
Hoe, he thought it ooold not come In lor considera
tion.
Mr. Vanssrposu for th* Department or Parks
Raid they were not here to strangle Justice under
the network of forms. The question to be deolded
was as to the requisition on the Comptroller and
the onestlon of power.
Mr. Stkahan continued? Upon those requisitions,
wnich amounted to lour millions, had they been
properly man aged there would have been a million
ret in bank, bo far as me excesses over assessments
are concerned, they muse be provided out of taxa
tion. The charter provides that before they can
proceed with the execution of such matters there
must t>e an appropriation. There is no power in the
Department of finance to provide for the excess
required by the Department of Parks, except mere
be a special appropriation.
Mr. Vandkrpokl? Allow me to read the act of
1871.
Mr. Strahan? That act has nothing to do wltn
assessments at all.
Mr. VAWmtRvoKi. read the act alluded to.
Mr. Strahan read the 101st section, which directs
that no pubno hoard or body shall inonr expendi
tures for which there is no special appropriation.
Btdtuto? the Two Her Cent aot? to prevent the issue
Judge Ingraham 1 thiuk tnere is nothing in
the of assessment bonds, and th.it there is no
reason why the application, so ffcr as those
bonds are concerned, should be resisted. But
it is not to be presumed that public otDcers, as
tnese gentlemen were, would call for bonds beyond
what the law authorized, nor dlu he think tout they
were bound to wait for special expenditures before
obtaining the bonds. The Legislature plainly meant
that these moneys should be placed in their hands I
to meet expenditures, and the members of the de-
partment were responsible for its proper use. un
this branch there was no difficulty but the technical I
one which was waived.
Judge Ingraham's aecision amounts to this? that
the
MAN n AH US SHALL ISSUB
as regards assessment bonds, but he reserves his de
cision on the point wnether the Two Per cent act
affects the issue of other bonds, and whether he will
lseue a mandamus in the case.
THE RUTH CASE IK KANSAS.
Trial of Sr. Medlicott for Murder? A Compli
cated and Mysterious Affair.
[From tbe Lawrence (Kansas) Journal, April M
Another act in me Kuth tragedy will commence
to-morrow at Qarnett. when Or. Medlicott will be
put on trial on the charge of murvter. The public
Interest in tbe case la 40 great ibat we give tnls
morning a oriel resumg of its history down 10 Uie
present time.
on tne morning of the 27th of April last oar com*
m unity was starred bv tne intelligence mat isaao
M. Huth, business manager of 1 lie La.vrence Tri
bune, had been found at bome, dead m bis bed.
The circumstances attendant upon tne trageJy, as
tar as they were brought to light, were that Ruth
bad gone home trom his office on the evening of the
20th, apparently in bis usual health and spirits. Dur
ing the evening Dr. Meidicott had called, aud they
bad piayea chess together, Kuth smoking as they
played, until hair-past nine o'clock, when the Doc
tor left. Alter the Doctor left Kuth goes to the room
occupied by tho children and adjoininz his own,
tells the oldest, boy, who was studying, to be careful
aud turu down his light before goinir to sleep, and
bids him good night, a little do^, which had usu
ally slept In the room with Ruth, he turns out upon
this nlgnt, and the lime glrL who had been accus
tomed to sleep with him in her mother's absence, is
to-night told to ?ieep with the other children. The
three cnildren and Mr. Ruth are the ouly occupants
of the house, Mrs. Kuth toeing absent in Leaven*
worm, having gone on the morning of that day*
A neighbor, living close bj, retires about eleven
o'clock, and, upon stepping out into a yard ad
joining Ruth's bouse, observes Ruth through
the window, sittiug in a chair, with nts hands
clasped over his bowels and apparently In distress.
He thinks there is anotner person with him. No
outcry or alarm of auy kind Is heard during tbe
night, either by the children, sleeping in me adjoin*
ing room, or by the neighbors residing close on
either side ol tbe house. In the morning the oldest 1
boy, finding that Kuth does not get np, tries the I
uoor, bads it locked, poshes the Key through on to
tne flojr upon the inside, pries a window partly
open at tbe head of the bed, sees Kutu lying there 1
very pale, becomes alarmed, and runs aud calls Dr. 1
Medlicott. They return to tne house, enter the
rooui through the window, and arc the first to find
themselves alone iu the awful presence or tne dead.
A light was etui burning In the lamp, open news*
papers were lying on the back pan of the bed, and
the deceased lay composedly in the bed.
The aiarui was at on. e aiven, and soon the room
was thronged. A coroner's jury was assembled and
an inquest commcnced. During the search of tne
clothes 01 the dcoea-ed the following remarkable
letter was round, written in a memorandum book,
the book lying on the coat of the deceased, on top
or which wad tbe vest, and all lying upon the
piano:?
Daiixno? Tbe Doctor? 1 mean Dr. Mendlcolt? g*Te ma
a quinine powder Wedueaday mu.it, A(.ril 24. Tbe effect* are
tiieae:?! bare a terrible auuaatioti of aruiiof blood to the
head and nijr akin barn* and licbea. I am becoming uumb
and blind. 1 can acarce y bold mv peucll and cannot keep my
mind Heady. IVrnpiraifun ?lan da out a'lo^er my body an4
I lee; ternby. Tbe clock haa juat el ruck eieven, and 1 look
tbe tueli'lue about h tl.-paat ten Ibta morning. 1 irrne Ibis
*o that if 1 never sc; tju a 'am you may bave my body exam
ined and see whai the trouble la. Uoodiiy. and ever remem
ber my laal thought* were of yau. 1 cannot nee to writs
more. Ood blot* you, and may we meel la biuven.
Your loving buaband, 1. M. ROTH.
The inquest proceeded, bu mo further light was
thrown upon t lie cane, except that in a drawer of a
stand in the room were found t?o boxes of quinine
aud two of morphine in large doses for local appli
cation, standing side by side.
a post-mortem examination ef the body revealed
tbe presence of morphine In the Btomaoti. The Jury
finally rendered the following, verdict:?
Tbe said J arora upon tbelr uatir do tar that tbe late T. M.
Ruth came It hla dentn between the boura or elglit o'clock E
M., April M.1S71, and nine o'clock A. M., April s7, 1871, at hla
late residence oa Kentucky atreet, 1* tne city of Lawrence,
JJmiglaa county, kanaaa, irom the eUecta of a narcotic pet.
?on, adminlatered, as we bave reason to believe, but aoi. bs
yond a reasonable doubt, tttruu^b Ike inairumenta.lty of Dr.
J. J. Medlicott.
Dr. Medlicott had already been arrested and con
fined la jal! Tucre be remained, no steps being
taken to file an information against him for the
alleged crime, until on June 6 his attorneys made a
motion in the District Court that ma prosecuting
attorney be compelled to at once nle ins informa
tion. Tnls motion was denied, tbe attorney being
allowed a "reasonable time" lb which to file ills in
formation. On die 2*1 of June, the County Attor
ney having filed no information, Mr. MeJIloott's
attorneys moved for Ills discharge on habeas corpus.
The hearing of the motion was postpoued irom day
to day until the 1st of July, when the Judgo
rerused the motion. Tne information was filed a
few days theieafter.
On tne 8th ot July the cam was called for trial,
when the derence moved to quash the first eoanl la
the indictment, on tbe ground tnat It did not aet
forth with aufflclent cxpiicitness tne k nd of poiaon
with which the defendant was charged to bave com
mitted the murder. Alter argument me Court mm*
tained the motion and qoaahee the count. The pri
soner wa* then arrattf ned on tbe laat two counts of
the indictment, the Urst of wbicb charges the pri
soner with killing the deceased by preparing, giving
and administering to him fifteen grains of mor
phine, and the latter by tne preparing, glvlns, kc
or five grains or atrophlue. Tbe prisoner pleaded
not gnilty, and hi* attorney* made a mo*
tion for a change of venae, on the ground
that the case bad been so discussed In this commu
nity that tne prisoner conld not obtain an impartial
trial. After hearing the arguments the Judge re
served his decision for one week, and at the end of
that time refused the motloa. on the 2*1 ol July,
however, the attorneys of the defence renewed their
motion, which the Judge granted, and the venue
waa chauged to Anderson county, at the county Mat
of which the trial will commciioo to-morrow.
During the time which bad elapsed wiille these
preliminary proceeding* were going on the ptose
cutlon were liusiiy at work, and, it is said, procured
a re-examination or Kuth s body at tlte i;ust and
also exhumed the body of Mrs. Mudlcott, who
bad died abont a year ago, and procured
an examination of it, wuh me view
of discovering poison in it. The results ol these
examination* bave not been made public, except
through rumor, but a new prosecution was insti
tuted against Medlicott, charging huu with the
murder of hi* wile.
Loon the transfer of the ca*e to Anderson county
the County Attorney or Douglas county took the
position that bis responsibility tor the further prose
cution of the case had ceased, and that it bow ae
voived upon the attorney of Anderson couuty. The
latter In turn disclaimed the case, and it seemed
tor a while as thoogb it woald be abandoned.
Public sentiment, however, wo* u? *iro?f m aUow
ol such a result, and uie Cotmty A ttorney ol
Dv>ugia*^jj?w flj &U MgMglfd tm (to
lnsr ?o Ms KM Hie County AMameft tap** m&,M
Anderson and Franklin counties.
Pw|iw mi U> 1W?l*auilllat la
Keaenrr.
St. Louis, o't 18, 1871.
Th? trial of Dr. Medneo*, charted ?ti poisoning
Isaac Roth, of lAwienoe, Kaa? a, ecunenced on
Tuesday. The tosttuonjr io far u altol a medical
sensational character. Dr. Sanders 'ratifies tbat
morphine has been found In the body, nd It is said
that the cam will amine a eery sensaional phase,
both sides having startling erkleaoe inreserve.
MORMON I 3 M.
z.
4
IS TOE "TWH RELIC" MWIED?
Official Proceedings of the Special Conference of
the Church of Joans Christ of iattsr-Day
Saints? The Mormon logular Confer
once-How Will the Thing Etd 1
fFrom the Salt Lake Evening News, October 8.1
According to previous auuounoetoeu. a special
conference of the Church of Jesus Chris; of Latter
day Saints convened on this the5 th day of October,
1871, at ten 1L, in tfee new Tabernacle in tms
city. On the stand were
OF TH? FIRST PBB3IDKNCT.
Brlgham Young, George A. Smith an <2 Daniel n.
'Wells.
OP THl TWBLVB AP08TLB8.
Orson Pratt, John Taylor, Wilfora Woodruff,
Charles 0. Rich, Lorenzo Snow, Fnnkltn D.
lUchurds, Geortte Q. cannon, tirigham )oong, Jr.,
Joseph if. bmith.
OP TUB FIRST 8BVSN PRS31DKNTS OP BRVKNTIES.
Joseph Yonng. Albert P. Hock wood, John Van
Cott and Horace 8. Kidredge.
OP THK PRESIDENCY OK TUK UIQH PBIBSTS* QUORUM.
Ellas Smith, Edward Snelgroye and Ellas Morris.
OF THH PRKSrDKWCT OP THIS STAKB OP WON.
George B. Wallace and John T. Came.
OP THl PRBSIOBKCP OP TBI BISHOPRIC.
Edward Hunter, Leonard W. Hardy and Josse C.
LHtle.
There were also bishops, elders and leading men
rrom every settlement in the Territory.
The choir sang,
The to wen of Won mod ?ball rise.
Elder John Taylor offered up the opening
1 prayer.
Mortal* awake 1 with angels join.
was sang by the choir.
ADi>HS8 OF ritESlDBNT SMITH.
President Gbgbui A. Smith Mid the design In the
appointment at this meeting wai to have a day's preaching
to we Saints previous to commencing the busi nets of the
Mn^anoMl conference. Ha spoke of the kind manner
In which the Lora had dealt vitb the people. It seemoU to
be a weakness #?th mcrt people that in tka midst of pro*
perlty they were apt to measurably fortrel their duty to Uod,
and It required something occasions' Ir to atlr mem up to
diligence. ibera waa a sufficiency of the neceesarfes of
Hie la the Territory, business had Uioreaaod among an,
and great energy had been displayed by the people
tn the building ot railroads and developing the re*ourcet of
tha country. Co-operation bad succeUe U thus far, beyoad
the highest anticipations of Its advocates anl supporters,
tut In the midst of our prosperity bad ws
bean consistent w?th our pro less ton aa Latter,
day Saints, and remembered the interests of the kingdom
of Ood However this night be, there waa strong
indications tbas the Lord was still mind!' til of us. Jesus
said, ''Blessed are jt when all men shall speak evil of you
for my sake." There never were more ties sent abroad con
cerning as than now. We should ao lire that no evil can be
apoken of ui truthfully. The elders would be called on to
L reach to the people during the four days we should proba
ly be together. President Young was in feeble health,
yet It was exceedingly (ratifying to nare bis presence at Con
ference The faith and prayers of the Saints were desired
for his recovery. Quite a number of missionaries might be
called during conference to visit vSrius portions of the
United States to declare the Gospel. President Smith then
bore testimony to the truth of the Gospel and the Until tri
umph of the kingdom of God on the eartn.
R SHARKS OP PRR8IDKNT WRLL8.
President Daniels H. Weils testified that God Sad apoken
from the heavens and revealed the fulnesa of the ho>y
Gospel, of which the Latter Day Saints were the recipients:
Joeeph Smith was inspired ol the Almighty and he coro
tnnned with holy angett. The world might ignore our testi
monies, yet' tte jjlan of u|v?ilon for. the. living and for
the dead had been restored, and nothing could impede tha
progress of tha oval the Lord hau commenced. We
were here, and God was with ns. We had come up together
to Lhe valleys o(' the mountains to learn of the wave of the
Lord, and we had the moet virtuous and Industrious com
munity on the whole enrtb. At no moment siuce
the commencement of this work has it osased
to grow and increase, and it would centime
to be sot and we wotrid come off victorious In every struggle.
We might expect opposition. In fao:, the road we had tra
velled had not been near so rough as he expected It would be.
We kpow we had the truth, so do man? others who came in
contact with us, whether they were witling to admit It or no,
and such, knowing they were unable to cope with the truth
by fair means or argument, resorted to 4isrex>utaol# and un
lur mean* 10 acompnsn ih overiarow.
-KliUER CANNON'S ADDRBSfl.
Rider G*oroe y. Cannon addressed the Conference. He
?aid there were many aobjecae which conld be spoken about
and listened to wlthorotit. There were proha dy moro reasons
why the present Con'erenee should be a goo J one than
muni be expected under other clrcumstancea. Oeeurrencee
wbioh were transpiring shantdarouss tbo people to dllkcnca
and unity. He felt In his heart to prophesy peace to
Eton. There was nothing la our snrroundmes to
cane us to feel downcast, but everything to the contrary.
The Lord had biassed as In these valleys during the past
twenty-four years In a marvellous manner. and should the
adversary not manbal his busts and show hleanger It would.
tndee.1. be astoulnhlng. Wbcliier we resided here or went
anywhere else, it <Ud not matter. Ood had established His
work, never mors to be thrown down. He did
not anticipate, however; that We should hare 1
to Imve this city or Territory. He rejoiced timt
the devil was not yet (lead, for we were not yet perfect and his
services could not yet be dispenaed with. There was ona
thing which had been demonstrated beyond doubt, that was
that no dependence eootu be placed on ths man who
did not Uva his religion, and who might be simply
what was called 'a good fellow." It took faith, i
humliltv, honesty, virtue, sobriety and other qualities to
constitute a true saint, and It would only be thoaa who
sought lo cultivate such qualities who would stand. Us hod i
watched ths enurme of the first Presidency and others a;alast I
whom combinations bad been funned, and h<* rejoiced la
seeing ins seremtv and peace that Bad pervaded their henrta, i
notwlths au l'iig the circumstances which surrounded them, I
and in witnessing this be bad thought what a blessed thing It
was to be a servant of Ood, having Implicit confidence In tne i
Almighty. What a blessed feeing It was to have the asunr-
an j? that nothing could occur to us but what was permitted
by Him. We had broken no law, we ba<l not violated the I
constitution, but we had served Ood and had accomulislicd i
the work thai was lo be seen In ttiese valleys. The pentecu-
Hone now being inaugurated against ns would only enhance j
thq interests aad accelerate lbs progress of the work of
Ood.
The choir sang, "Praise turn," and the Confer
ence wan adionmed until two P. u. Prayer was
ottered by President George A. Smith.
Afternoon Semlon.
Tni'BSDAT, Oct. 5-2 P. H.
On reassembling the choir sang,
Ood moves In n mysterious way.
rrayer hy Elder Lorenzo Snow.
?re long the va>l will read in twain,
was tan? by the choir.
APDKKSS IT PRIWininrf J08RPH Toryo.
President Jo?r.i*n Yoqno en lorscd the sentiments ad
vanced by Ui use who spoks at the morning meeting. He
alluded lo the manifestations of the power of Ood in Uehn.il
of ills people in every age, and es|>ecially dwelt upon
the goodness of ths Almighty to HI* saints in Ibese latter
days. If he should represent the feelings itiat animated him
be would but express those entertained by his brethren. The
Latter Day Saints believed In the elDcaev of the blood
atonement of Jesns Christ for tbe redemption of the human
race for It was a trus principle. If a person, upon evidence
present*!, received an Impression with repard to tbe truth of
the Cos pel, aad should drive such Impression away by resist- 1
Ing It, lie would he held guilty In Ihe slghl of Ood. lie con- 1
tinned lo speak for some lime, and bore a powerlol testimony I
to tits truth of the great latter day work. I
KLDKR NICQOLdON'S REMARKS, I
EMer John Nicholson alluded to the promise of Jean* that I
those who obeyed heavenly principles should obtain a Know- 1
ledge and testimony of their divine nature. Wherever the I
plan of salvation waa found the people wha embraced II I
woukt have a testimony of Ma trnth and would bold out tbe I
same promise to all who would obey It. The ability to toe- 1
tlfy or Ihe dlvfrte nature of the pi^ipTes they i^recel vJd
was one of the peciiltartttee which aiatingulehed the Latter- 1
day Saints from all other people. It waa a bad sign wben I
tbose who professed to be Latter-day Saints manifested I
a disposition to "Steady the ark," as they thuel
showed an laelinaUoa lo mietrnst iboee whom the I
Lord bad appoints 1 as His agents to ovsrsee and I
carry on Hte wort. The Almighty, in His supreme wisdom, I
knsw wbo were ouallfled to assist la bringing about His pur- I
poses, and It was for us to sustain Ihe prlasthood. Ha testl- 1
fled that be knaw that Ood bad reveale 1 the everlasting Uos- 1
pel in Ibese dajrs, that Hie wotb would sUad forever, and I
that those who endeavored to overtnrn It would but acoom- I
phsb thai* owa nltimate discomfiture. I
RIM ARKS OK SI<l>SK rRNROSB. I
Elder O. W. i'rnkdhx said every stag,1 of bis experience I
connected with the Chnrrh of Jesus atrial only served to I
strengthen bis faith lu the work. Uod bad given him a wit- 1
ness (bat was satisfactory to bis mln I wherever he tratelled I
and bore test many aad the people received It they Invariably I
testified that thev also received a like witness. I
What he said before this congregation be would lie I
willing lo meet before tbe bar of Ood. Plurality of wivee I
was an article of b e religions faith. He a<y?sed Sorlrlural I
evldenoe to the truthfulness of that doctrine, and spoke of the I
evidence impressed on his mind by lbs Spint of Ood wheu I
tbe revelation upon It was first made to him. He continued to I
speak on the nature of trus marriage. Marriage with tbe I
Latter Day 8alnts was Sot a mere civrl Contract. A marriage I
a Ml a magistrate or civil oBssr waa totbea no marriage at I
??marriage waa "ordained of Ood." and, whether singular I
or plural, must be administered by one having anthortty I
from Ood. This was a part or their religious faith I
previous to ths passags of the act of IMi, I
which was a piece of special legislation for I
tbe people of ths Territory, ana, being aimed aanlnst I
their religion, was un^ODStlullonai, as the great American I
people wjtud one day acknowledge. Ha tesiMsd strongly I
concerning the future triumph of the Churoh of Ihe living I
Uod ami tie erumbllng of every opposing power, and that I
the sfforls now being made against ns would but serfs to I
bind us dooer together. They would serve aa a purifier of I
tbe Chnreh, and we were ao? In aeed of a little purlBsatlon, I
WHAT BLDSS BRIO DAM TOUNO, JR* SAID. I
Rider Hbkiham Yocno, Jr., next addresset the assem- I
blage. He said If a call were made for those who had re- I
celved a testimony that Uod had spoken In these days I
to arise, a vary largs majority would gst upon I
tnelr feet, and the eOeot would ba tbe sams I
throughout Ihe Territory. His testimony to-day was I
that Ood was as able lo defend HM i peop e new u I
HS ever was, and He bad shown Ula ability to do so in the I
past. He quoted the saying, "Trisl in Cod and kesp xnnr I
powder dry." He knew that every honoreble man would I
go with us iu standing up tor our rights aa men. I
PIIKSfDRKT SMITH RIBKHAOAttf. I
Piesidant Ojkohur A. muitr said b? bad been planned ta
listen to the testimonies of 'he hrsthrso. 11a was a so grath I
Asil in an man* it#tinli frrtm A iliallllCC. fhfcNI WHS Bull I
ll wm good for u? lo come together lo Ulk ofir railtw ft
profit dial wt! miiihl be iliritd up lo Arttftly tn the worfc Ve
were Identined wllh. Pence reigned in the one hundred a..-?
bfty settiemeuts of Uis Territory, and peace was ons of lbs
fru.te of lbs gospel. Tbe tree eras good, aad so therefore
waiikelnA.
tAi oboir sang "Sing unto Ood," aad prayer waa
offered by fflder C a Hksh. __
njjfWW ?U1
8MUsuilM
oommeooe the next day at lea A. M.
THE HORffO* KECVLIE COfFE&EHCE,
PrtarnlinH of the F?rty>flrit HtaiUAoMUiV
Om'MMw of the Cfcwrefe mf JmM CbrHr
ml Latte* Dwjr waiui.
[Prom the Salt Lake Hews. Oct. 6.)
The forty-first Semi-Annual Conference oonveneA
In the Mew Tabernacle. Salt Lage City, at tea
o'olook A. M., on thin. the eth Cay of October, 18 il.
The names of the authortctf and leading etdort oql.1
the stand being mucU me same as. published in tho
minutes of tile Special Conference heW yesterday,
It la deemed unneoeas ur.r to laciute them in tnese.
Ye wond'nng nations now kit* ur
was sang by the choir. The opening prayer was
ottered up b? Kltiar Orson Pratt. The cUoir men
"bm i sJT cresitlon join*
To praise the eternal Gyf. *al m**
ADDI'.KSS OP KLTiKR WOODRPVP.
Klder *n.wi? Woodbwv* add^Mwi the CnntenMk
All of his experience cop tirmed Hn la ratth that we wftm
entirely dependcut on the AJ?W J^^iiA&lnss. The ser
Er.
ih# Holy t?pir;L This had bwu Um principle upon
people of tlod In all day* hid relied. Upon tin, priicinlet
could tcottfr that Joseph Smith was a prophet of hehvltu
Uod, raised up aa an Instrument to usher In ton treat uZ
dispensation. Ue had been Intimately acquaints' with tl?
prophet, whom he knew to have been animate >Wti
fervent desire to bless and heneAt his fellow men. Jot?nH
Smith was taught by holy metsen era. These ??re
teachers, and they informed him that Uae Vmo Ka^-w,.
for the establishment of the Kingdom of G id on the cart
which would gather people out of every system amtbect v?
the world. Ue labored faithtul.y la lajrlug the fountUion or
the creut work of tue T,onl until he sealed nls tcsuiner wHh
bis blood. Although lie was slain, the principle* h aacii.
ticed his life to ?stab'lah still Uveu and QourikLoJ. 1'isidcnt
Brigham Toune was before the world. fTe be been
ac'iuulnted with him since 1*33, and rouU w,
record, with iinliCted hand befqre hearen, that lio neter ha
heard mm give anr coinsel to any person other tlan wa?
consonant with principles of peace and rtvhtoo-.isneM. htC
course had been one <T up.-lzhtnes* and Justtuc. Maor th;-
In meeting knew that hn bad been a true man In <rery rv
sp -ct. when the dark days exited among tbu Hint* a,
K ntlutid, when it was almost as ssuch> as a nnui's lie was
worth to confess that Joseph 6inith 'as a
prophet of Uod, Bri :ham Young iiphri and
sustained the prophet. He came with hliu to tuns valley*
when they present*.! a barren and uninviting apfatftnoe:
and now loolc at the great w irk tnat hail baen uccomiijhei
here through his uutlrln* energy ant wlsom in
the bands of Ood ana In connection wn bis
brethren. He continued epeakinv for son time
lonser, expressing his desires concerning salvation tns hn
man raoe, allnded to his travels and labors for hat pur
pose, and showed the extent and dlslntervs'ednei of the
labors of the elders of the Church In cariyini: tun ospel to
the nations. He explained the religions nglils to hlch all
man were entitled, statins that Uod the Kaw and
Jeans Christ the l'.eduemer allow the buna raoe
perfect liberty In this respect, and no asn n?
class of men had the ?*Mt right tc ciatsil
IL The constitution of the efctfnlry guarseed It
to all. He also discoursed on the patriarchal ordetf Mas. j
riage, explained the eternal nature ol that ortimee. and
the only way by which the social or family reiuticn'ormed
here could be bindlii;: la the world ?e coma, a was
willing, and so were the greu bolx the
Latter Day Raints, to obey every good and conditional
law enacted by the government of our country WKIs
laws, however, which were designed to infrtn^a up his or
their rights aa freemen he could not say quite so m*. The
building of templea was mentioned by tbe spea "1
aatnu should be energetic in performing that
those sacred and holy ordinances necessary for the ratio*
of the dead might be aUcndud to.
The Brigham City (Professor Pl>hfour?* choir
Bang:-.
Praise ye the Lord.
iMM
REMARKS OK KT,D8B RIOT.
Elder C. O. Rich expressed bia frslilicatioa U
tlejte afforded htm of listening to the testtmonlesa
at ructions enunciated by bU Ur?lbrea. He bad bDufOMr
uected with tbe Church for the part tort^eai*;
during wbloh time be bad labored, (a Dante
lion With "Othera, In hetu1n? to build f (be
kinedora of God. In do.'m thia wo; they
had met with ntnnr and tormtdable obataclea, yet frcry
trial a spirit of peace and comfort from the Lora/1 been
fenjoyed. They never bad (ought to encourage pciples
that would tear down or denlror, but, on the ntrarr,
had lousbt to fMLer and derelop whatever tiled to
balld up and save. The work*. or this penplobowetT
that they had taken that course. They h&i sought
to esLtbilah good. Satan had bepn at war with itprlucl
plea or right alnoe the beginning, and would orJmie to
oppose them until he waa bound and hail no l(ar any
Kwer on the earth. He then contrasted the <*pel or
?as Christ with the various religious sy*U mow
extant on the earth, showlnj that t*i( former
not only pointed to a glorious and h?y fti
ture In tbe world to come, but tbe practlt appll
ealion of Its principles brought Miration aodpei in tit*
present existence, tie bore testimony that he knJjoeepb
Smith waa a prophet or God, and also that Rriuhs Yotut*
waa a profiliet, and that he bai ootalnel tuts kuosdge by
the inspiration of the Almighty.
Tbe meeting adjourned till two P. M.
I will praise I bee
was son* br the cliolr, and prayer was i
Cider George y. Cannon.
Editorial Views of Briiham Young's
wwereiiiJr.
[From the Salt LaVe Evening News K*rgd Q.
Cannon, expected successor of Brilliant," an.
Oct. 6.)
A most beautiful da? It has been for the cring
of the Conference services. Peace reigns in ion
tbe people are peaceable and tranquil, re nun
In tbe blessings winch have been vonc red
to them, notwithstanding the nefarious ino ,'?r?
tnd atrocious schemes of demagogue*, who b'
character, no standing at ho ne to i
duce disorder, excitement, eouftu'OQ, Ton
aud even bloodtdied tn tills natuutu TtUp/
eid, well-disposed, orderlr an?l tnluslou*
community, in spire or the iniquitous efrorl* tbe
Iniquitous ring the people still have the priviife of
worshipping tiod m peacc, of serving him account?
to the dictates of their owu consciences, albeit arelv
against the will or a corrupt Judiciary, pun M
Satan himself bnt rotten as touchwood.
[From the same? editorial Oct. 9.)
Of all disingenuous argument, of all may
casuistry, of all transparent sophistry, y
thin di-tgulaemeiit, of all snutlow preixts,
that by which u Is sought to Mace plural nar- 1
rtago on a par with murder, robbary or ar fel
ony or capital crimc, should be awardm tbe
palm. It Is a favorite plea -argument we can
scarcely regard It? of most persons who opose
plural marriage, that a man mav as well be exus?d
lor theit or murder as for celestial mar- v
rlage. Ah I Why so? Whom does a man
injure by marriage Himself* We hope
not. The woman lie marries That he need
not do. Any other woman r Not that we ever
Heard oT. A?y other man How can tie Dees he
rob anybody? If he does, who is It? Dora be
deatroj lifer Why, no. marnage naturally increase?
lile. what barm, then, does Tie do? What wrong
does be do? What crime, morally speaking, does
he commit? We hive never mm with the man
who coftid give an intelligent answer to tea
question.
XHSEE MORE PNTQBIUHATE3.
The ItiTer Gives Up lis Posid? Th* Uod^*rif
One Man and Two Women Waiting ptca
tiflentlon.
Yesterday there was brought to -the Morgue "rom
foot of Fast Houston street the body of au nnkown
man, aged fortj-Dvc years, Uve feet eight Inchest Igh,
and brown balr; had on black coat, pants andrest;
wnite muslin shirt, brown plaid undershirt and icea
shoes. Also an unknown woman, from Twnty
seventh street and First avenue, atted foi ^tiva
years, flvo feet four Inches high, and tirow'hair;
dressed tn i>rown calico dress, striped aj.ron, ;tac*
woollen hood, brown petticoat ana gray peticoat,
white musim chemise, white muslin drawers, /rhite
cotton stockings and laced shoes. The abovj two
bodies were photographed and placed k the I
Morgne.
The body of an unknown man was also t >nght
from Pier 1, North river, age about forty yea five
feet seven Inches high .sandy hair and mil* ichc.
dressed tn black coat, vest aud pants, wlitu ?ntrL
white undershirt arid drawers and gaiter noes
Body too much decotupusea to be placed tae
Morgue.
BIOOILTM AFPAIE8.
Breach of. Proislac-|l9,(NHI for TrUUofWUb
a J.ndy'a Afferllom.
An interesting suit for breach of promise hi* been
progressing In the Brooklyn City Court for th pUt
three days, and has Attracted more thai ordi
nary attention from the fact of the
defendant being one of the leading men
in church elrclea. The parties In the cast, wmeit 1
an concluded yeatcrdav, were Miss I'oxeilena
man and AlPxander Rarle. After th* summing
tip of counsel and tuc obarge of Judge Neiison tbo
rase was given to the Jury, who, aft<r a brief ab
cence, returned a vermct for tne olaljuff, MLss Ho*,
man, of $i5,ooo. bhe cialtned-gio,o<4 damages.
Artillery Pvaerton at l>us|>ert Park*
A very interesting exh ititaqh Is to be given at OM
Parade Oronad, Prospeut Pn*, tan ansrnooa, eon.
mencing nt three o'oiod; by captain craham'e
ligtM battery from Fort lamtitua. This battery*
which beloags to the Fttt United States Artillery*
is said to be one of trio most eiuotcnt lu the servlo*.
and was under tbe coituiana of Captain and Breve#
Hrigadier General Or?|llVui during tne war. Tne full
band lrom Port Ha?titoa will accompany the bat
tery, and Me Pari commissioner* have made am
ple arrangement for tuc oomlort of visitors.
OilfVART,
fleaenil MrbaaihnH.
General B/oaatiant. brother of Marshal RChastlam,
one of the few rerealuin veterans of tbe first French
empire^ died reoentiy at Aiacclo, Corsica. He wan
bom a i porta, Corsica, in WH, and began his mill-
tary Career in 1800, under tbe orders of Juuot, He
to^t part in the campaigns of Portugal, Spain and
Russia. At tho bat lib of Dresden he was made
Colonel, and a short time afterwards dangerously
wounded. During the Hundred Days lu loiiowotl
Napoleon's fortunes, and distinguished tlmsoic at
Lt^ny and Waterloo, in Ism Im was appointed
Field Marshal, by right ol seniority. Afto the rcvo
tion of Juiy no waa hiiii rurtber promote*, and con
MUiiiiod to the capture or Antwerp. He was raised
to tne peerage la Is.i7, and made, sticcesiiveiy, Miil
tary Com man tier of Pane, wuwh post in kept tram
the night of February A lMii, iMn ne vas icptaoe*
by Marshal Mugaoa. since then be hMbeen living
u reUftiueuiat auuujo.