NEW YORK HERALD
BROADWAY AND ANN STREET.
JAMCS GORDON BENNETT,
PROPRIETOR.
Volume 310
AMUSEMENTS TH.S AFTfRNDJ* AND EVENING.
WOOP'S MI'SEl'M, corner 80th <t Porform
iinri bJutlooo anil evening? Tub Hoy Detbctiyb.
BOOTH* THEATRE. 2Si ?t, between Mh an 1 in,
P?T, OB, 111 E I'SU'HI on tub Heabtu. Matinee At 1)$.
IOWFRV theatre, Bowery.? Tub Blacksmith or
Aktw Ear -Cbime.
NIBLO'S OARDF.N, Inudvi?, bftvean Prlnee an i
Uounton etreeU.? OUB Ambkioan Cousin. Matinee at 2.
QRANP OPERA HOUSE. corner ot 8th a*. ana 13d
Eileen Oob. Matinee at i
?JNA EDWIN'S THEATRE. No. 7JU Rroadway.-FKENCn
Oi'Bii Li 1'BBIOBOLB. Matinee at 2.
FIFTH AVENUE THEATRE. Twenty-ronrth street.?
Tub nbw Drama or Pivobce. Matinee at 1%.
OLYMPIC THEATRE, lima 1w?t.-Tmk Ballbt Pan
tomime or huMPTT Dc*m Matinee at a.
ACAPEMY OF MUSIC. Fourteenth street. Italian
Oi-eba? Matinee at IX Faust.
BT. JAMF..3 THEATRE. Twentr-elghth street and n road
war Sixty-Six? Too Many Cooxr. Matinee at S.
Wallace's THKATRE. Broadway and IttU itreeL?*
A Nioe Fibm-Tui Cbitio.
MRS. F. B. COS WAY'S BROOKLYN TUSATBE
PivOBOK
PARK THEATRE, opposite City Hall, Brooklyn.? Pas
Wm.
UNION SQUARE THEATRE. Fourteenth it. and Broad
way? Nbobo Aotb-Bublbs<jcs, Ballet, Ac. Matinee.
THEATRE OOXIljUB, ?14 Broadway.? Comic Vooal
iBMb, Nroko At h. Ao. Matineo at
BAN FRANCISCO MINSTREL HalL. 583 Broadwar.?
Tub Ban Fkanoiboo Minbtbklh.
BRYANTS NRW OPERA UOUSE, S3i it., betweon 6th
ana 7th a*e Bkyant'b Minbtbelu.
TONY PASTOR'S OPERA UOUSE, No. 201 Bowery.
r>KOBO Euoentbioitirb, Buklf?I41Eb, Ac. Matiueo at 2\.
BOMERY1LLE ART GALLERY, 82 Fifth aysnue.-CxT
LIN'e Indian Cabtoonb.
NBW YORK CIRCUS, Fourteenth street. Sob nbs IK
TUB Rino, AOSOUaTS, AO. MatiQft! at 1%.
TRIPLE SHEET.
Now York, Saturday, November 11, 1871.
errors of to-diy's ihkald.
PAOB.
l? Advertisements.
1i? Advertisements.
3? War lor the Ballot: Grand Mass Mooting at tho
Brook lyu Academy of Music; Tho City of
Churches Aroused; Election Frauds De
nounced in Tones of Thunder; ltepeaiers to
be Mude Repent; The Citizens Pledged to Ex
terminate the Culprit*; Speeches by Mayor
Kaiofleiscli, General It. F. Tracy, Captain
Tonny, (;eneral islociiin, Uev. Theodore cuvler
and others? Brooklyn Election Frauds: How
the Bepubllcan Ticket was Defeated in the
City of Churches; Henest Men Aroused; How
the ballov Boxes Were stuffed Before the
Polls Oiiened: Tho Election Laws Delectlvc.
4? Effects of the Election lluw the Officeholders
Talk Keflei tious on the Bradley-O'Brien Con
test Indignities In the Election Elsewhere
Resignations of Judge Hilton and Commis
sioner Isaac Bell The Aldermnnie Canvass
Mayor llall Will Stand by the Present Incum
bents The Exquisite Ignorance or the City
Fathers? Victors and Vanquished The
Municipal Reform Young Men After tlio
Election Frauds Tom Fields Challenged
The Lawyers of the Keforin? The Foundling
Asylum? Running Notes, Political and Gen
eral? A Sao Tragedy.
5? Kossuth and Hungary Interview of a Herald
Correspondent with the Hermit of Turin? The
black and Caspian Seas? Waiting for tho
Muscovite Life in the Reception Squadron
still no Tidings of the Russian Fleet? Tlie
Journey of the Czar: A Triumphal March?
APtron< mical? MacomVs Dam? Newark's Ef
florescent Eflle? Serloug Accident at a Negro
Meeting in Montgomery, Ala.? Calvary
Cemetery? Destructive Five In Plalnfleld,
K. J.? Carroll's Coat.
6~Edtcoriaifl Leading Article. "Tlio Brooklyn
Bing and Its Robberies and Election Frauds?
The Reformers and Their Couimitieo of
Firty"? Amusement Announcements.
7? Editorials (Continued from Sixth Page)? Euro
pean Cable Telegrams: Herai.p special He
ports from Loudon, Pans and Dublin? Interest
ing from central aud south America? Weather
Beport-The Southern Ku Klux War? Musto
aud the Drama? Personal Intelligence? Mis
cellaneous Telegrams? Business Notices.
8? Jim Irving: He Remains 1'nder the Ban of the
Law, and the Iaw Will Try Him on Wednes
day Next i Dowley, the Deputy Marshal,
Seriously Injured: General McDowell Inter
viewed; Coroner Young and Jim Irving? The
Courts? Tom its Polico Court? New York City
M'ws? Spain and Cuoa: The Cuban Debt and
How Spain Proposes to Meet It? General
Slgel's Thanks? A speculative Cotton Firm
Falls? Brooklyn Affaire? The Apaches and tho
Indian Commission? Executive Clemency?
The Fighting Freeholders? Army and Naval
Intelligence.
0? South Carolina Bonds: A Bear Among tho
Carpet Baggers? Foreign scientific Notes?
The Jersey Railroad Lease? A Disappointed
Thief? Financial and Commercial Reports
European Markets? Marriages and Deaths.
iO? News from Washington? The Decay of Alsaoe:
proscriptive Kuln of a Great Industrial Dis
trict? Ihe Storm? Perils of tho Sea? Miscella
neous Telegrams? Shlpplug Intelligence? Ad
vertisements.
Jl? The International: Mr. George Wilkes on tho
Coming Issues of American Politics: Down
with Monopolies; American Society Wrongly
Organized? A Counterfeiter's Defenco? The
Travels of an Escaped convict? The IIooslo
Tunnel? The Double sulciuo at Lcwlsion,
Mulne. _
13? Racing in England: The Newmarket Houghton
Meeiuig? Advertisements.
Since the Recent Election it has been
discovered that the ferry companies are not
the only frauds Id Brooklyn.
Tns Atlantic and Great Western
Railway is likely to be a lire institution once
more, what with the reorganization of the
company and the subscription yesterday in
London of five millions of dollars to provide
new equipment Our special cable telegram
from London reports the latest progress of the
enterprise.
Secretary F?n ia Still Corresponding
with the Spanish Minister on the subject of the
Hornet. So long as that vessel files the
American flag she is under American protec
tion, and Spain had better not touch her. We
have not so many ships Qylng tlie S tar
Spangled Banner that we can afford to stir
render the rights of this one unjustly.
TnE Smallpox in PniLADiLPmA, accord
ing to Washington gentlemen of reliability,
originated in the use of buffalo robes formerly
worn by the Piegan Indians when they were
afflicted with that dread disease. If the state
ment is at all true it is to be hoped the mer
cenary wretch who sold the robes originally
has received his just proportion of the epi
demic.
Tan Chicago Germans express themselves
disgusted at the niggardly gifts of Emperor
William and the Crown Prince to the sufferers
by the great fire, and Indignantly fling them
t>*ck in their faces with a small dona
tion of their own thereunto appended
for distribution to the maimed German
soldiers of the Franco-Prussian war. Look
ing a gift horse in the mouth is another
Chicago peculiarity but in this case, consid
ering that Chicago furnished a pretty generous
sum to the German sick and wounded during
the war, and that one thousand thalers from
the Kaiser and five hundred from the Crown
Princ are all their returns for the same, we
don't doubt that they are righteous In their In
dignation*
The Brooklyn King and Its Kobberlea
and Election Fraud*? The Reformers uud
Their Committee ot Fifty.
Brooklyn, our goodly city of Brooklyn, a
day alter the fair, is waking up from her lath
argy. Plundered right and left by her rapa
cious officials^ and cheated and outrage hoi
elections, alio lias taken lo indignation mass
meetings, and there are hopes of her salva
tion. There was a corrupt "ring" of spoils
men a powerful, corrupt and desperate ring
but it is broken and scatttered to the winds.
There was and tbero is a shameless ring of
corrupt spoilsmen across the East River,
known as the Brooklyn Ring, for it "still
lives.1' Against the New York Ring a Holy
Alliance was formed in the late election of the
solid and honost men of both parties, repub
licans and democrats and between these two
powerful forces, working together, the New
York, or Tammany Ring, was pulverized as
between the npper and the nether millstone.
In Brooklyn, on the other hand, the republi
cans bad one ticket and the reform democrats
bad another ticket, and between these two
armies, each fighting its own battle regardless
of the other, the compact army of the "Ring"
marched In and gained ao easy victory. The
figures of the Brooklyn election for Mayor tell
the story. In round numbers they may be
stated as follows
For Powell, ring candidate 27,000
For Booth, republican 22,000
For Kulbflelsch, reform democrat 16,000
Plurality for the Ring 6.000
Now, If the anti-Ring men of Brooklyn,
democrats and republicans, had only put their
fieads and hands together and formed a com
bination ticket, say with Kalbfleisch for
Mayor, the allied vote against the "Ring"
would have been:
For Kalbfleisch *?>000
For Powell auu the King
Giving an antl-Rlug majority of 11,000
and a reform victory just as decisive as that
of New York. Failing to enter into this vic
torious combination, however, the Brooklyn
reformers aro thrown back to our starting
point ot the Cooper Institute meeting of tbe
4th of September. They bad on Thursday
last their first citizens' indignation mooting on
the Ring frauds perpetrated In the late elec
tion, and last night they had another meeting,
and the disclosures of these meetings in refer
ence to those frauds and the spoliations of the
Brooklyn Ring show that, in proportion to
his means, Instruments and opportunities,
"Bosb McLaughlin" is worthy to sit at the
head of the table with "Boss Tweed."
Mr. Tracy, the United States District At
torney, stated at Thursday's meeting that
proofs of frauds by "the Ring" were abun
dant; that ropublican inspectors had been
walked out and ballot box Btuffers put in their
placos 5 that "the Ring" by this box stuffing
had counted out Assemblymen who were
honestly elected. lie charged that there
was in Brooklyn an organized system
of frauds perpetrated in this late election, and
that the police were In league with the swin
dlers. Mayor Kalbfleisch declared that If
American citizenship Is worth anything In
Brooklyn "something should be done." In
Illustration of the frauds committed In tbe late
election he said that in 18G8, when a Gover
nor was elected, "the democratic vote in tbe
Fifth ward was 2,900, against 4,100 this year,
when there was no Governor to be elected?
an increase of 1,500," without any increase in
the population of the ward, beyond five hun
dred souls, men, women and children. In the
Second ward tbe vote this year had been In
creased 1,100? an Increase whlcb was Impos
sible except by heavy frauds. The Mayor
further stated that "on the ticket on which I
ran In 18G0 there was a gentleman elected
who ran nine thousand behind me, and when
J made an Inquiry of Mr. McLaughlin, the
reply was, 'We elect all our men,' and then I
understood that there was another modus
operandi for electing men."
These specifications will serve to indicate to
some extent tho fraudulent devices and prac
tices of "the Ring" in the Brooklyn elections.
They are quite up to the mark, as far as
needed, of tbe repeating and ballot box stuff
ing for which the Tammany Ring has become
so infamous. In the next place, the frauds of
the Brooklyn Ring upon the city treasury
are boautiful to contemplate. The Brook
lyn Water Board in these robberies has
filled tbo place of Mr. Tweed's Board of
Supervisors. As far as discovered these Brook
lyn robberies amount to at least one million
five hundred thousand dollars a year In cash
appropriated, and, as with us, they have ope
rated to bring about a dangerous enlargement
of the city debt, and with a heavily Increased
taxation In different Bhapes and forms. It is
asserted, too, that an examination of the olty
books of Brooklyn will show a plentiful lot of
raised vouchers and forged endorsements, and
all the other tricks connected with the tremeu
dous expenses of our new Court House. But
the very worst feature of this awful system of
municipal robbery and corruption, and of
frauds and rascalities of all descriptions, lies
in the melancholy fact, as reported, that not
a single newspapor In Brooklyn dare speak its
honest mind on the subject, because tbey are
all in the stocks or the pillory of the "Ring."
This 1% Indeed, a gloomy inside view of
the City of Churches, the city of Brother
Oeecher aod his pious Puritans. It is as de
pressing a? a walk in a cemetery nay, It has
none of the soothing coiftolatlofts of a morning
ride in Greenwood. But can It be true that
there Is no press in Brooklyn equal to the crisis
If this Is true, If there is no publio journal
over the river which can be secured or trusted
by honest citizens in the cause of city reform,
the Independent press of New York must go to
their rescue. Having "smashed the Tammany
machine" and cleared the track for the work of a
thorough purification of the Augean stables on
Manhattan Island, we must go to the assist
ance of our neighbors, still In the "Slough of
Despond," on Long Island. They have been
blundering about In the dark; they have
missed their golden opportunity In the late
election; but they have at last got a Citizens'
Executive Committee of Fifty, and if five good
men and true would have sufficed to save the
wicked city of Sodom, these fifty, perhaps,
may save Brooklyn.
But our neighbors have appointed another
committee a Committee of Five to look Into
these election frauds, to prosecute all re
peaters, ballot box stuffers and fraudulent
counters they may detect to see that they are
Indicted, tried and punished, and to see that
where republican candidate# haye b??u fairly
elected and falsely counted out their rights
shall be secured to them. ThiB looks like
business, and with a republican two-thirds
vote secured in both branches of our new
Legislature we cannot doubt that thy boasting
remark of "Bos* $pLaughlin" that "we elect
all our men" will soon, with the Boss him
self, be knocked in the head in Brooklyn. The
great lawyer of the people in our cause of city
reform, Mr. Charles O'Gonor, said substan
tially, a few days before our late glorious
election, fnat, "with a thoroughgoing reform
Legislature you can do everything, while
without it you can do little or nothing." The
Legislature elect has the power and the will
to do the work before it thoroughly, with or
without the aid of the Governor, by legislation
and by impeachment and Brooklyn, though
failing in her duty iu the election, will not
be overlooked in this legislative work of mu
nicipal purification and reconstruction.
Let Mr. Backhouse and his Committee of
Fifty work up their schedules of Brooklyn
Corporation spoils and plunder appropriated
by "the Ring," and secure the vouchers and
let the oo-operating Committee on Election
Frauds carefully sift these alleged ballot stuff
ings, repeatings and false countings, whereby
men elected have been counted out and men
rejected by the people have been counted in,
and let these committees submit their com
plaints and their testimony to the Legislature,
and before the end of the winter the honest
voters and taxpayers of Brooklyn may rejoice
over their beautiful city rescued from the
brink of destruction. "As the old cock crows
the young one learns," and so the Brooklyn
Ring democracy have learned the wicked ways
of Tammany, and the city is disgraced and
its saints are scandalized thereby. But let
the honest men of Brooklyn stand erect and
let her guilty public servants tremble. The
people of New York city and State have risen
in their strength and majesty, and we are in
the midst of a glorious revolution and Brook
lyn, though neglecting to fry ber own fish in
the late election, will surely be released from
her sackcloth and asbes. General Grant has
been doing a good thing for her in rooting
out her illicit whiskey distilleries but in root
ing out her ballot stufTers and ring robbers a
greater work will surely be done for Brooklyn
this winter at Albany. Give thanks, oh ye
people, soon to be delivered from the Brooklyn
Ring, and forget not that Thanksgiving Day is
the 30th of November.
New Jersey and tlie Presidency.
The Trenton Gazette republican organ
commenting upon the election of Joel Parker,
democratic candidate for Governor of New Jer
fiey, by such a large majority, while the State
went so heavily republican for members of
the Legislature, expresses the opinion that
his astonishing success places "that gentle
man at the very head and front of the demo
cratic politicians of the country as an available
Presidential candidate next year," and says it
would not be greatly surprised "if Mr. Parker
should head the democratic national ticket next
year." This Is not a bad suggestion for as
the defeat of the democrats in Connecticut
laid out Governor English as a candidate for
the democratic nomination, bo has their defeat
in Pennsylvania shelved Hancock, in Ohio
laid out Pendleton, in Indiana squelched
Hendricks, and in New York put a quietus,
for the present at least, upon the Presi
dential aspirations of Governor Hoffman.
Besides, little Jersey has never enjoyed the
honor of having a hand in any Presidential
race, with the exception of the time when
Frelinghuysen ran for Vice President on the
Henry Clay ticket, and therefore is entitled to
some consideration. She ought to be allowed
to set up a candidate next year, if only to be
knocked down by General Grant, and Gov
ernor Parker would make as good head pin as
any other man.
Boss McLaughlin boasts that he and his
"Ring" have elected all their men. But Herr
Kalbfleisch will show the Brooklyn Boss what
be and his German legion are going to do
about It.
Is Ireland Irreconcilable to Britain V
A IIebald special cable telegram from
Dublin, dated yesterday, makes known
the fact that the Green Isle, from
the metropolis "all round to the sea," was
in a state of universal excitement, occa
sioned by the jury acquittal of a man named
Kelly, who had been indictod and tried on a
charge of having murdored a head constable
of polioe named Talbot. The occurrence took
place in Dublin in the month of July, at which
time Talbot was killed and Constable Mullins
almost murder?d in the street. Kelly was
arrested and held for the perpetration of
the crime against Talbot. The injured men,
both deceased and wounded, were accused by
the people of suborning informers to testify
falsely in the courts against persons charged
with political offences. Kelly, who was tried
by a special judicial commission in Dublin,
was escorted by military on his way to the
Court each day. He has now been acquitted.
The nation appears to have gone wild with
joy over the result. Does this jubilation spring
really from a love of justice the people
knowiug Kelly to be ianoceot? or is it
prompted by that animus which has been
classed as urging to the "wild justice of re
venge" in Erin? The exhibitions which took
place yesterday in Ireland must be demoraliz
ing to the public mind, no matter whence their
source. They prompt a reiteration of the
inquiry, Is Ireland irreconcilable to Britain
Eminent Counsel fob the Ko Klux.
The Baltimore American is advised that
Reverdy Johnson is to go to Columbta, S. C.,
to defend the Kn Klux prisoners to be tried
there at the November term of the United
States Circuit Court. Mr. Johnson is a
gentleman of eminent legal abilities and pos
sesses profound knowledge of constitutional
law. In the conduct of these fcu Klux cases
no better man could have been selected. This
is a different matter from dining and hob
bobbing with the nabobs of Great Britain, and
will afford Mr. Johnson ample opportunity to
develop bis talents as an advocate and as an
exp under of the constitution.
Tire International, ?We print on page
eleven of the Herald this morning another
communication from Mr. George Wilkes. In
this letter the writer analyzes the Interna
tional Society of Workingmen, and reviews
in his own peculiar vein the progress of the
great socialistic society of Europe.
Blnmarck nud Beuodottl.
The Bismarck-Benedettl correspondence Is
one of the leading sensations of the day. Some
few weeks ago Benedetti, as the world thought,
iu$4? a 9lean breast of it and told ua all he
knew. The Benedotti volume held up Bis
marck before the eyes of European diploma
tists as a great malefactor. It did not leave
the French government spotloss, but it proved
that Bismarck, not Napoleon or Napoleon's
Minister, was the flrst to suggest that France
might seek in the little kingdom of Belgium
suitable compensation for the gains which Prus
sia made by Sadowa. Poor Benedetti, when
he published his little volume, was under tne
impression that certain documents, which
would give a different version of the affair,
were hopelessly lost or safe in M. Rouher's
hands. He did not know that these very
documents were in Bismarck's hands. Last
autumn, it so happened, the country seat of
M. Rouher was occupied by the German
troops, and it is suspected those very docu
ments were found and transmitted to Bismarck,
at the headquarters of the German army. The
official journals of Berlin have replied to Bene
detti's charge, and in doing so have made a
liberal use of the papers which M. Benedetti
vainly imagined would never see the light.
The German reply, though It leaves some gaps
yet to be filled up, is crushing. Benedetti has
had sufficient time to deny the genuineness of
these doouments but be has not done so.
On the contrary, he is represented as being
extremely indignant that bis friends should
have allowed him to get into such a mess.
After all, it is a paltry affair. Who cares who
was the first to propose that France should
have Belgium The great fact which stands
prominently out, and which neither the ono
party nor the other can deny, is
that Prussia and France, Bismarok and
Napoleon, were for some time in 18G6 diplo
matically cutting and carving Europe at will.
At one time France demands Saarlouis, Saar
bruck, Landau and Luxemburg. If Beneditti
could not get the three former "his public
agreement was to be confined to the Duchy of
Luxemburg and the secret treaty to the re
union of Belgium with France. At one time
during the process of negotiation it seems to
have occurred to the minds of the principal
leaders in the affair that England might make
some objection, and so it was proposed, as a
sop to that Power, that Antwerp bo declared a
free city. On the 26th of August, 18G6, both
parties seem to have been prepared to con
clude a treaty about Belgium, Luxemburg,
Mayence and the others having been given up
as beyond the region of the practicable but
on the 29th Bismarck's views had completely
changed and Benedetti began to dream of a
Russo-Prussian alliance. It is difficult to say
whether Prussia or France Is more to blame
it is impossible to say which ot the diplo
matists first spoke of Belgium, but it is
abundantly plain that the vietory remained
with Bismarck. If anything else remains to
be Baid, it is this that Beuedetti has made
worse than a mistake in writing what he has
written. The sin, if there be any sin, must
be divided between the two offenders 5 but tho
world, the European world particularly,
should profit by the lesson. History repeats
itself. The next repetition may be more
serious and alarming.
The Cnndnrnns* llumbng.
Our correspondence from Ecuador, South
America, published yesterday, throws a good
deal of light on what may be now termed the
cundurango humbug. The writer travelled
over the region where tho cundurango of dif
ferent varieties grows, and was particular in
his investigations in that part where specula
tors were gathering the plant for exportation.
He found that the exaggerated accounts of
wonderful cures of cancer by this plant had
no foundation. There were doubtful reports
of two or three cases of syphilis having been
cured years ago, but that the patients died
shortly after being cured. This cundurango
business has all the appearance of being a
grand humbug and fraud, worked up by cun
ning speculators to make money. The parties
interested have, no doubt, adroitly deceived
the State Department at Washington, which
has given a sort of quasi endorsement to
the reported wonderful properties of cundu
rango. Before the government goes any fur
ther in advertising what we are inclined to
believe is a fraud it ought to ascertain from
competent men, chemists and physicians, who
could not be influenced by the speculators, the
nature and properties of the plant, and if it
has any curative virtue. It is more incum
bent on the government to do this, and to
prevent imposition and evils that might arise
from using cundurango, since it has been the
medium of advertising the pretended curative
nature of the plant.
Tire Aldebmanio Question. ?It appears
from the statements ofTMayor Hall, and of
such of the Aldermen as are willing to say
anything on the subject, that the old Board of
Aldermen are determined to contest the right
of the newly elected Board to the seats they
will claim as soon as the votes cast in the
recent election shall have been canvassed,
and that the Mayor will stand by the present
Board. The contest cannot, however, be pro
longed much beyond the meeting of the next
State Legislature, which will promptly settle
all such matters and make an entire new de
parture in our municipal affairs.
Tom Thumb used to love to personate Napo
leon the First. McLaughlin and his Brooklyn
Ring delight in making themselves miniature
representatives of Tweod and bis co-consplra
tors. But Tom Thumb was not so mighty as
Napoleon, and McLaughlin is not so powerful
as Tweed. It will require less effbrt to uproot
the Brooklyn model than it takes to move our
own original Boss. The Legislature will settle
McLaughlin very speedily and very effect
ually. ___________
"Jim" Irvino was indicted by the Grand
Jury yesterday for an alleged assault upon
Deputy United States Marshal Dowley, thus
taking the case out of Judge Woodruff's hands,
before whom it was to have been beard yes
terday on a writ of habeas corpus. It came
up regularly before him, however, and, Mr.
Ir?ing having pleaded not guilty, and the
Deputy Marshal being reported as not very seri
ously injured, he was released on giving ten
thousand dollars bail, Chamberlain Bradley
and Mr. Forbes Holland qualifying in that
amount.
President Thiers' Vindication of the French
Republic? The New* of the American
Election* la Prance.
The special IIekald telegram from Paris,
which is published in our columns to-day,
brings news of the very highest import In the
shape of a brief but pointed despatch.
President Thiers had just accorded a special
interview to our correspondent. During its
progress the Chief of the French Executive
announced that on the occasion of the assem
blage of the Legislature, early in the month of
Decembor, ho will propose to the members of
the National Assembly a measare for the ter
mination of the provisional system of govern
ment which now prevails in France, and
another for the deQuitive establishment of the
French republic. President Thiers was
authoritative in his diction, as he is,
no doubt, in his resolution for the attain
ment of a speedy accomplishment of his
inteut. The President of France is, we need
scarcely say it, a historian. He is more than _
a mere chronicler or compiler, however. lie
is a careful annotator of public events as they
transpire, and an able logician, both in his
analysis of their present effects and bis
inferences as to their conscquences in
the future. Thiers, we have no doubt,
had the main facts of the result of
the American elections, particularly of the
election In New York, transmitted to him by
oable. He was already made aware of the
triumphant vindication of the republican prin
ciple on this side of the Atlantic, despite the
power, the interest and influences of corrupt
rings, political factions and family suasion.
The news afforded him courage. His deter
mination to establish the republio finally and
unequivocally in France was taken almost
immediately. He will place the cause of the
French people against the cliqulsm of placemen
and dynasties. He will call on France to
proclaim her democracy in the face both of the
Bourbons and the Bonapartes, and to come forth
in her democratic disinthralment to the work
of repairing the disasters caused by the gov
ernments and the battles under and by which
the liberties of the people were "cloven down"
and their citizen rights temporarily offered up
on the altar of a subtle but woll masked slavery.
The News from Central and South America.
By telegram from Kingston, Jamaica, and
Havana we have a later and interesting news
report from the Central American territory
and the States of the South Pacific. The
Spanish naval officers persevered In their
attempt to police the Colombian coast in their
effort to seize the steamship Virginius, despite
the independent action of the New Granadian
government and the sympathetic protest of the
consular representative of the United States at
Aspinwall. Guatemala was still disturbed by
the coexistent agencies of political division
and priestly assumption. The Archbishop
and Bishop had been expelled the coun
try for complicity in fomenting the
late revolution against the government.
Honduras was also agitated by the
native politicians. Costa Rica had com
menced work on the Costa Rica Railroad, and
San Salvador had forbidden the coolie carry
ing traffio in vessels sailing under the flag of
the republic? two evidences, and about the
only ones which we have, of the existenoe
of a desire for the realization of a
solid, comprehensive progress on the
part of the peoples. Chile entertained
plans of territorial extension and for the build
ing and repairing of railroads. Lima was
being ravaged by smallpox. General Prado
won the Peruvian Presidential election, but
we have advices of protests against
his return, of army terrorism and of
an expectation of revolution in oppo
sition to the fulfilment of the will of
the people as expressed at the ballot boxes.
Six persons were killed and seventy wounded
during an election riot in Lima. The repub
lics of Central and South America appear to
have too many politicians, both lay and cleri
cal and in this we may find the cause of the
origin and perpetuation of very many of their
public troubles.
French Democracy add Turkisii Im
perialism. The French republican govern
ment appears determined to limit the system
of imperialism In the Old World to the pre
sent representatives of the existing royalties
until democracy becomes sufficiently powerful
to render the system of popular rule diffusive.
This fact is made patent by our special cable
telegram report from Constantinople, pub
lished to-day, in which we are assured that
the French Ambassador in the Turkish capi
tal has protested to the Sultan against
His Majesty's firman according hereditary
sovereignty to the Bey pf. .Tunis. This diplo
matic action betokens again the existence of a
full-blooded and almost full-fledged democracy
in France. It shows forth the French people
talking to the most imperialistic throne, un
awed by fear of death in "sack" and then to
the Bosphorus as of old.
More Resign ations of Public Officers.?
Judge Hilton yesterday resigned his office as
one or the Commissioners of Publio Parks? a
position in which he has labored diligently
and faithfully for the interests of the city.
The reason assigned is that the business of the
department is blocked for the want of funds,
which Deputy Comptroller Green neglects to
furnish, despite repeated requisitions made
upon him. Mr. Isaac Bell also sends to Mayor
Hall his resignation as a Commissioner of the
Department of Education, stating that his
duties as a Commissioner of the Department
of Charities and Correction are sufficiently
arduous to occupy all his time and attention.
Tn* Bank of Francs gained yesterday,
according to our cable despatches, the sum of
seven millions three hundred thousand francs
in bullion for the week then closed. This ac
cumulation of specie In the French capital
will, doubtless, serve to allay some of the ap
prehensions of the "Old Lady in Tbreadneedle
street," who was ready to go into spasms
over the threatened absorption by Bismavck of
all the loose sous in the conquered empire.
The announcement produced a decline in gold
to llli.
South Carolina Is just now agitated about
an alloged over-issue of Stato bonds, and a
Charleston paper charges Governor Scott
with fraud in the matter and demands the re
fudiation of the dobW
Phil Nfaerli'u Under Fire.
Of all men in the United States General Phil
Sheridan "Little Phil," as the people love to
call him is the last againBt whom the shafts
of malice and envy can hope to prevail. There
is about the Hero of the Shenandoah a sol
dierly singleness of purpose, a sturdy patriot
ism And honesty which m*y always set
calumny and detraction at defiance. As in the
war his principle was to dash straight on to
the enemy's lines, so in his civil duties bis
practice is to go directly to the point to bs
reached, without any tortuous windings or by
ways. Too independent for a politician, he is
yet a genuine statesman by virtue of his quick
perception, his unfailing judgment and bis
sound good sense and hence, when an emer
gency arises wherever Phil Sheridan is in au
thority, be is certain to be equal to the occa
sion. This was especially the case during the
trying and dangerous hours of the burning of
Chicago and for the few succeeding days, when
a starving and houseless population sought
immediate relief and when desperato men
threatened to add the terrors of a murderous,
plundering mob to the horrors of fire. Id
those eventful moments, when the authorities
of the city and State were paralyzed and pow
erless, when the local police was disorganised
by anxiety and porsonai suffering, the cool
brain and ready hand of Sheridan came to
the rescue. With a soldier's instinct he saw
the necessities of the occasion, and with
a soldier's promptness be applied the remedy
within his reach. By his order tents, the
property of the United States, were bronghl
on to the ground for the shelter of homeless
women and children, and food, provided for
the troops, was divided among the hungry
people. Fortunate was it for the good citi
zens of Chicago that "Little Phil" was no!
then "twenty miles away." He did not pause
to request the red tape permission of the War
Office to UBe the property at his command be
fore applying it to the pressing need befora
his eyes, any more than he would have dreamed
of applying for orders before he spurred oo
to Cedar Creek to save his gallant army from
Early's bold attack. In like manner, when the
desperadoes and thieves of the city sought to
make a harvest during the confusion of the
conflagration, they found in Phil Sheridan an
unpleasant obstacle In the way of tbeir enter
prise. He and bis men had a disagreeably
summary method of dealing with ruffianism
and lawlessness. Their proceedings lacked
the procrastination and uncertainty of tha
Courts, and tbey were as prompt in their
judgments as they were effectual in their pun
ishments. In such extremities accidents can
scarcely be provided against by any fore
thought or care, and by one of these unhappy
casualties Colonel Grosvenor, the Attorney
General of the State, lost his life. He was
shot by one of the volunteers under Sheridan's
command, and while it is needless to enter
into an expo*6 of the causes which led to the
deplorable event, It is sufficient to Bay that to
no person could It have givon more Bincere
grief than to Sheridan himself.
In the eyes of the world at large the acts of
General Sheridan during these days and
nights of terror sbone with the brilliancy of
precious gems. Every honest man who read
the accounts of the horrors by which the
Queen City of the West was threatened ex
claimed, in the fulness of his heart, "Thank
God that Sheridan was there 1" And now,
when the trial is virtually over; when the
munificence of all the civilised nations of the
earth has come to the relief of the stricken
people, the Governor of the State of Illinois
steps forward Into unenviable notoriety and
accuses Phil Sheridan of military usurpation,
of violation of the laws of the Common
wealth and of complicity in "the unlawful
killing of Colonel Grosvenor." When the
Courts were In ashes; when the mighty
power of the resistless flames had thrown open
the prison doors and liberated the convicts
and criminals awaiting trial; when thieves
and ruffians from other cities were pouring into
Chicago to swell the ranks of their brethren
already there when the looal police were
either prostrated by their unusual labors or
torn away from their duties by the sufferings
and dangers of those near and dear to
them when citizens were driven to the neces
sity of trusting to the first law of nature for
the protection of their families and
their property when the water sup
ply was gone and the .olty was
shrouded in darkness, this punctilious and
law-loving Governor Palmer visited the
scene, but had no advice to offer and no effec
tive aid to tender. Then he expressed hla
gratitude, as the Chief Executive of the State,
to those who had saved the city from worse
calamities than the fire, and who had done so
much to relieve or lighten the inevitable load
of misery heaped upon the people. Now he
seeks to brand as criminals and arraigns be
fore the authorities of the general government
the very men to whom he and his fellow
citizens owe such a heavy debt of gratitude.
The course of Governor Palmer would be in
explicable but for the knowledge that he baa
an old personal grudge to satisfy against
General Sheridan, and he seeks now, by a
technical application of the law, to prove thai
the General exceeded his legal authority in
stretching forth his band to rescue and protect
the city which the Governor would hare
abandoned to its fate. No words are needed
to expose at once the absurdity and the in
gratitude of Governor Palmer. It is as thongb
President Lincoln had arraigned Phil Sheri
dan after the war for an invasion ol the
South and a violation of State rights when he
swept with his troopers the valley of the
Shenandoah. It to consoling to feel assured
that Governor Palmer will reoeive from Gene*
ral Grant all the encouragement he deserve^
and no more.
Tim Gborgia. People are frightened at a
threat of martial law. They fear the ven
geance of Bullock, Let them behave them
selves and trust in Providence and a just ad
ministration.
The Vnrrui of an "If."? Shakspeare
says, "Your 'if' is your only peacemaker."
If the republicans bad not carried two-thirds
majority of the State Legislature the Brooklyn
election frauds might have succeeded, and
the "Ring" over the East River might have
continued to break the heads of all honest
voters and to hold sway over the pothouses;
oyster saloons and public offices of our sister
city. But as the republicans have accom
plished that Uttle uolitical object there is a