Of Spp
18 PUBLISHED EVERY MOJKNINO.
(SUNDAY BXCRPTKD.)
At 8S per year, If paid *trlctly In advance.
Ulherwiße, 75 Cent* per Mouth*
Oe Spg,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 177®.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
Al 83 per Anuum.
J I>. BALDWIN A CO., Proprietor*.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
cdloTccstcr gailu ^pn.
CITY NEWS.
Public Hireling in nit! of Phicngo*
Mayou’s Office, Oct. 11,1871.
In accordance with a vote of the city council,
I cordially invite al! citizens of Worcester to be
present at Mechanics Hall this evening, at
Jia If past seven o’clock, to show their sympathy
and bestow such material aid for the relief of
the Chicago sufferers as the emergency seems to
demand. Let us, one and all, go prepared to
act promptly, nobly, and with the umost gener
osity in this matter. Edward Earle.
The Temple of Honor last evening appropri
ated SSO for the Chicago sufferers.
A new importation from Scotland, by Knowl
ton Brothers, is described in another column.
The republican senatorial convention for this
district is called to meet at City hall on the 25th
inst.
A bay horse nud a black colt have strayed
away, mid arc advertised this morning by Mr.
Bui rough.
A dispatch direct from Ciiicago to J. H. G.
M. Walker, of this city, announces that their
store is burned, while the tannery is safe.
A root of ivy, which was carefully planted in
front of the new Universalist church a short
time ago, was stolen the other night, and the
thief is admonished to return the same.
The Lydia Thompson troupe, which has won
such a wide reputation for beauty and burlesque
acting, will undoubtedly have a lull house at
Music hall to night.
The president of the Boston and Albany rail
road company authorizes the announcement
that they will receive ami forward all supplies
for the relief of the citizens of Chicago, free of
charge, over their and connecting railroads.
The Knights of Pythias, m this city, will
take immediate steps to communicate with their
brethren in Chicago, tor the purpose of learning
their most pressing wants and assisting in re
lieving them.
The republican city committee authorize the
announcement that caucuses will be held on
Friday evening next, to choose delegates to the
republican county, councillor, and senatorial
conventions. The call, stating the place of
meeting of each ward caucus, will appear to
morrow morning.
The people of Worcester are called upon to
assemble at Mechanics hall this evening, to
give substantial evidence of their sympathy with
the suffering people of Chicago. There is no
need to urge a large attendance. There will be
n lousing meeting, and wc trust the pledges of
aid will be of a generous character.
The Rough mid Ready engine company of
Westfield, who took the first prize at the fire
men s muster in Fitchburg yesterday, passed
through this city last evening, on their way
home. They took occasion to parade through
Main street, headed by a fife and drum, and
several of the company displayed brooms over
their shoulders, indicating that they had made
a clean sweep.
A car arrived at Washington square, yester
day, marked “high wines.” At at early hour
this morning, some chap, who wanted a drink,
broke into the car, tapped a barrel, struck a
light to examine his treasure, set the fluid on
fire, and ended by escaping. The fire alarm
was sounded from box sixty-three, and the fire
men arrived in time to prevent any damage
to the one hundred and fifty cars in the vicinity.
Municipal Court. —In the municipal court,
yesterday, Patrick Curran paid a fine of $lO and
costs for make a single sale of liquor; Noah B.
Clark and William Miller were each fined $3
ami costs for drunkenness, and committed to
jail on non-payment. The cases of Win. Coffee,
for drunkenness, and Win. Sharp, for vagrancy,
were continued. George Fair, complained of
for assault and battery, and Hugh Larkin, for
disturbing the peace, were discharged.
Natural History Association.—The first
monthly meeting of this association for other
than business purposes was held last evening,
the president, Nalh'l Paine, presiding. In the
absence of the secretary, Mr. J. G. Arnold was
chosen secretary pro tcm.
Mr. F. G. Sanborn, of the Boston society of
natural history, was then introduced, and spoke
for about an hour in a most interesting and in
structive manner. He illustrated by means of
diagrams the prominent differences in the
structure of the various sub orders of insects;
called attention to the general uniformity of de
sign which permeated the whole, as well as to
the specializing of organs for particular pur
poses. He interspered his remaiks with state
ments of bis views of the relations, uses, habits
and economy of various familiar species, and
adverted to the misuse and abuse of names
among our people. After the lecture, in re
sponse to inquiries from different members of
the society, the lecturer gave the results of his
own and others’observations on the habits of
ants, proving them to be slaveholders, herders
of cattle, &c.
Remaiks were also made by Hon. Stephen
Salisbury, Hon. J. M. Earle, Rev. Geo. Allen, C.
A. Chase, Esq., Major W. T. Harlow, Mrs. F.
M. Baker and others.
The president announced ns the committee on
the fernery show,.!. S. Rogers, C. W. Gilbert, T.
11. Dickinson, Mrs. F. M. Baker, Miss L. M.
Jenks and Miss S. Lawrence.
St. Paul’s Fair opened last evening very
successfully, the receipts for the night being
$961.81. The hall was decorated with festoons
of scarlet around the gallery front, with green
wreaths at the gas burners; at the cast end was
the motto "Da ct Dabitur Vobis,” and at the
opposite end its translation, "give ami it shall
be given to you;” the heavily loaded tables all
about the hall made up the remainder of the
decoration. There was a Fenion table, over
which a large Fenian flag waved, and among
the articles upon it was a silver trumpet to be
given to the fire company receiving the most
votes. Several fancy tables, a confer
tioncry and refreshment table, toy ta
ble, stand of flowers filling a large
space in the southwest coiner, con
tributed by Mr. Geo.Crompton; a grocery table;
an elegant chamber set, to be given to the
bishop, the presentation to be made by the so
ciety having the largest number of votes. The
vote stood last night, Christian doctrine society
97; Sodality society, 25; Father Mathew so
ciety‘s, and Fenian brotherhood 5. The table
of the Sodality society, offering articles of a re
ligious character for sale, was a noticeable
feature, as well as the silver table. Music was
furnished by the Canadian brass band of this
city, and the second choir of St. Paul’s church
sang a number of choruses well.
To-night the hall is generously given up, to
be turned into a grand rally in behalf of the suf
ferers at Chicago. Tbe city government ap
pointed a committee, with the mayor, to wait
upon the pastor of St. Paul’s, and request the
privilege of throwing the hall open to the pub
lic this evening, that all may have an opportu
nity of expressing their sympathy fur the needy
of the burnt city. The request was readily
granted, and the fair will be interrupted for one
night in consequence. The goods and tables
will be properly protected and secured.
Action of the City Council Relative
to the Chicago Fire.—Pursuant to a call
of Mayur Earle, the city council assembled last
evening to take action relative to the destruc
tion of Chicago by fire. Both branches having
met in joint convention, the mayor briefly called
attention to the extraordinary occasion which
seemed to require something more than sym
pathy from the .people of Worcester.
Councilmen J. H. Walker, Wells, Towne,
Pratt, and Aidermen Sprague and Mar
ble urged immediate action. Tbe ques
tion arose as to the possibility of leasing a
hall for a public meeting, and a committee, con
siting of Mayor Earle, President Reed, Alder-
ffilovccstcv Spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 211.
men Sprague and Marble, and Coiincilmcn J. H.
Walker, Mdaviu and O’Driscoll, were appointed
to wait on the managers of St. Paul’s fair, to.i
see if they could relinquish the hall on Wednes
day evening. That committee proceeded to the
hall, and soon returned with the message that
the pastor of St. Paul's church, Rev. .1. J. Pow-
er, on behalf of his parish, assented very cor-
dially to the request.
Alderman Sprague then offered the following
order, which was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, a groat and terrible calamity has befal- 1
lon the city of Chicago, in the destruction by lire of i
a large portion of that beautitul city, rendering I
houseless and homeless more than a hundred thou- I
sand of its citizens, it becomes us, in common with i
our fellow citizens throughout our country, to offer
our sympathetic and substantial aid in this hour of
their deep affliction; it is hereby
Ordered, that his honor the mayor bo, and he is,
hereby requested to call upon the people of this city
to assemble nt Mechanics hall, on Wednesday ev«‘-
mng, at 7'* o’clock, to consider and adopt* such
measures for relief as shall become the Heart of the
Commonwealth, and as the claims of humanity
shall dictate.
A committee, consisting of the mayor, the
president of the common council, Aidermen
Sprague, Marble, and Jordan, and Councilmcn
J. IL Walker, Pratt, Childs, Hatch, Mclavcn,
and O’Diiscoll, was appointed to make arrange
ment lor a mass meeting of citizens at Mechanics
hall, on Wednesday evening. The council then
adjourned, after having, on motion of Council
man J. 11. Walker, passed a vote of thanks to
the pastor and people of St. Paul’s church, for
their generous and cheerful relinquishment of
the hall for the meeting.
The Chicago Aid Meeting.—The commit
tee of the city council met last night immediate
ly after the adjournment of that body, ami or
ganized by the choice of A. B. R. Sprague as
chairman, and Charles G. Reed as secretary.
The following gentlemen were selected to act as
officers at the meeting to be held in Mechanics
hall this evening.
President—Alexander II Bullock.
Vice I’reddents—Stephen Salisbury, George F
Hoar, W W Rice, George Gromptou, Isaac Davis,
Edward Earle, P I, Moen, J D Baldwin, L W Pond,
1' H Kimiicutt, T W Wellington, George F Verry,
George M Rice, Albert Curtis, Patrick O’Keefe,
Rev J J Power, Nathan Washburn, Henry Chapin,
R C Taylor, D Waldo Lincoln, Harrison* Bliss, P
Emory Aldrich, John Mason, Diaper Ruggles,
Peter C Bacon, George W Richardson, Joseph Sar
gent, Albert Wood. Timothy S Stone, Rev Seth
Sweetser, A G Coes, Osgood Bradley, Rev T E St
dohn, T K Earle, Stephen Salisbury. Jr, Charles
H Morgan, Kev E Cutler, K P Halsted,
George W Gill, E A Goodnow, William
Cross, H A Richardson. Thomas H Dodge, II W
Miller. A I’ Warren. Caleb B Metcalf, Rev Geo B
Gow,iOrrin Wood, Calvin Foster. Rev R B Strat
ton, Geo S But trick, Calvin Taft, Win T Merrifield,
John D Chollar, M J McCafferty, Rev Andrew
McKeown, E B Stoddard, Chas W Smith, O L
Hatch, 11 Nichols,Win A Smith, Geo S Barton, F
H Dewey, David Whitcomb, Hartley Williams,
Chas G Reed. A A Goodell, Sumner* Pratt, J 11
Walker, Geo Thrall,Win Dickinson, Josiah Pickett,
Nath’l Paine. Albert Tolman, F H Kelley, Geo E
Francis, W E Rice, Rev E II Hall, Chas F Wash
burn, A 11 Hammond, D S Messinger, C Wil
llie Hamilton, Joseph Pratt, Chas B Pratt,
J R Bonnell, A B R Sprague, M O’Dris
coll, M Melavin, ET Marble, c S Childs, John
W Jordan, Tobias Boland, 1’ Ball, T L Nelson,
Edward W Lincoln, U»wis Barnard, Walter Henry,
G J Rugg, Horace Wyman, Dr. Henry Clark,
W illard Jones, Charles H Doe, John Gates. Samuel
Perry, Walter Bigelow, D S Goddard, C 11 Fitch.
Henry Goduard, Loring Coes, Jolin Dean, C O
Thompson, W H Jourdan, Rufus Woodward, Geo.
T Hewitt, T P Goulding, A N Currier, John D
Washburn, George S Howe, H 11 Chamberlin,
James Estabrooks O B Hadwen, Stephen S Foster,
G WjComee, Merrick Bemis S II Colton, George
Jaques S. R Heywood, II II Bigelow, Geo. A
Kimball, E D Thayer,Franci^Wyman, BenjWalker.
Secretaries-John S Baldwin’, Henry A Marsh,
Henry L Shumway, Samuel Smith, Matinee A
Power, UI) Wiley, S S Green, George T Wood,
George Merrill, has M Bent, Sam’i T Bigelow,
has B Whiting. Henry o Bradley, Thos B Eaton,
Chas E'fainter, James P Hamilton, Henry M Wit
ter. J stewart Brown, Francis A Gaskill, E 11 Pea
body, has E Phelps, S Utlev, F M Sprague.
The Union Depot Hearing was resumed
before the commissioners yesterday forenoon at
ten o’clock:
Hon. Phinehas Ball, city engineer of thi« city,
was called by the Norwich road. After a general
statement of his experience as a civil engineer, on
railroads and water and sewer works in this city,
he stated that the drawings, measurements, levels,
&c., of the several plans before the commission,
were made under his supervision. Being fully fa
miliar with both the proposed locations ami the
plans of the two depots, hr opinion was that there
are no engineering difficulties in the construction
of a depot between Green and Grafton streets ade
quate to the public needs.
He described trie plan for such a depot, being the
same plan substantially as has been heretofore sug
gested for that location, except that in his plan two
tracks are provided for each road, ten tracks in all.
The building is 700 feet on the Boston and Albany
track, and 500 feet on the Nashua track, the build
ing being in the form ot a Y. Its western end is
190 feet from the east line of Green street. At its
northwest corner, is 180 feet from Front street. It
fronts on Front street 310 feet, but this space is cut
by four tracks for the northern roads. There are
but 215 feet unincumbered by the tracks. The
building is 204 feet wide on Green street, and 140 on
Grafton street, 110 of which is occupied by tracks,
leaving thirty feet clear passage into the building.
The east end of the buiidiug is 250 feet from Graf
ton street.
He described the approaches to the depot. From
the city hall it would be reached by Front and
Trumbull streets. The latter should be widened 140
feet on its east side the widening extending half
way from Trumbull square to Front street. From
Park street the approach would be direct, and
would accommodate all the southwestern part of
the city. Front and Mechanic streets, and .Summer
and Shrewsbury streets would furnish other ap
proaches direct to the front of the depot.
Hp considered the centre of population to bp near
tho Norwich and Worcester engine house. He loca
ted the commercial business centre of the city near
Pearl street. He thought the location he described
was more directly accessible by the public than the
one east of Grafton street, on account of its large
frontage, and the possibility of driving or walking
to the depot without crossing tracks. He also
pointed out the difficulties of approaching, on
foot, the proposed station east of Grafton street, an
open yard or carriage way of 150 or more feet in
width intervening between the sidewalks on the
streets and depot. By his plan, no such difficulties
exist.
The approach by carriages to the depot west of
Grafton street he considered to be much the best,
as the building has a much greater frontage and is
accessible by a large proportion ot the travel with
out crossing any tracks. The cast yard of the sta
tion between Green and Grafton streets is as near
Washington square as is the west yard of the one
cast of Grafton street, and after Grafton street is
bridged its access will bo much better.
In regard to grading, he said there is more to be
done on the location between Green and Grafton
streets, tho grading varying from nothing to six
teen feet; a rough calculation gives 125,000 cubic
yards of filling to be done, costing about #4(1,000.
At the location east of Grafton street, considerable
tilling will be needed east of the depot, his esti
mates being about 40,000 cubic yards. His plan for
a station and grounds between Green and Grafton
streets, occupies an area of about 298,000 square
feet. This gives a frontage, clear of tracks, of 745
feet. Up described in detail the advantages of this
spot for a depot, including the subterranean ap
proach described in his testimony at the last hear
ing. having approaches to the interior of the build
ing by inclined planes, accessible alike from the
north and the south sides of the tracks, by the ex
tension of the tunnel through to Franklin street.
He considered this tunnel or subterranean approach
to be an advantage, for by it access can be had to
either trains without crossing any tracks, but it is
not indispensable to his plan: without it the plan
has all the advantages of an ordinary depot.
He thought all the streets between Gratton and
Soiitnln idge streets should be bridged, when all the
travel is turned upon these tracks, including Graf
ton, Franklin, Green, Plymouth ami Washington
streets. Ib> thought this necessary whichever or
the two locations is adopted. Green and Grafton
streets are Ilie most important; Green street has
the most travel, as indicated by a count taken last
February. The count was taken two separate days,
and gave an average of 1363 teams and 5377 pedes
trians on Green street, against 981 teams ami 2952
pedestrians on Grafton street. He thought Green
street should be bridged at once, tor 59 trains cross
there daily now; if all the trains passing the city
are to cross then*, it will take a large proportion of
the lime, ami travel will be greatly obstructed.
If the depot is located according to bis plan, be
tween Given and Grafton streets, he thought the
best plan tor bridging Green street, would be to
unite the travel of Green and Franklin streest, and
take both under the tracks by one passage, lie
would turn the travel into Temple street to get it.
to the eastward of the present location of Green
street, uniting it with hrnnkiin street and tunnel
ing the tracks at the junction. He would leave the
grade crossing at Green street as at present, but
give the new avenue in addition. This wouldcost
more than the bridging of Grafton street, but. it
would save one bridge, and thus would cost less,
than to bridge the three streets separately
In answer to Mr. Aldrich, Mr. Ball said the travel
0,1 i road is largely local, and it
would be compelled to travel an eighth of a mile
turtner it the station is oust of Grafton street than if
it is located as by Mr. Ball’s plan. This plan vould
not increase the travel of the passengers on tin*
Providence road over that caused by their present
depot. J r
lu answer to Mr. Nelson, Mr. Ball said the idea
of station between On™ and Grafton streets was
Und suggested during the hearing before tho legls
taturo fast winter, fie stated that he hadahopro
pared a plan for a station on tho west side of Groen
street about the last of July, alter the one he had
explained to-day was drawn. It was done at the
snggestion of the manager; of the Norwich, Nashua
and 1 lot idenoe roads. Tills plan was left with
others in (he rooms of the Worcester and Nashua
railroad company; he had no! wu it since It was
a plan tor a rectangular building. (Mr. Nelson de
sired the Nashua people to produce this plan
M itneas was present at a meeting of the different
parties in interest, at which it was suggested to pre
sent this last plan to the commission, and on the
supposition that the plan between Green and Graf
ton streets was not practicable, but tho suggestion
was not accepted.
It was made by the Norwich and the Nashua
people, but was at once repelled by the Boston and
Albany people and the city. Messrs. Kinnicutt
and .Smith urged its presentation before the com
mission. He thought a station could be built east
of Grafton street which would he perfectly practi
cable. He considered that, so far us the through
traveling public is concerned, it makes no difler
ei«ce which location is adopted; it affects the local
travel only.
The afternoon session was occupied principally in
tho of Mr. Ball by Messrs. Neb
son, Foster, Halo, Goulding, Rice and G. F. Hoar.
The facts brought out by the cross-examination
were such as wouhl require the aid of plans present"
ed to elucidate, and tended to show the advantages
of the location between Green and Gratton streets,
both for the public and the railroads; but, at Mr,
Nelson's request, he brought forward a plan for
bringing the Nashua road into a depot located east
of Grafton street, which obviated the difficulties
upon which ins objections to that location were
chiefly based This plan proposed to bring the
Nashua road to the Washington square location by
starting at a point north of Lincoln square and
swinging around to the east of the grounds upon
which tlie hospital buildings are now located, ami
coming into the eastern end of the depot with a
moderate curve. It appeared by Mr. Bali’s esti
mate that this arrangement would be a saving, in
the aggregate, over the Green street location, of
9500,((OIL He estimated that the whole cost of such
a branchingolf of the Nashua road, would be about
9560,C00.
Mr. Samuel Nott of Hartford, superintendent
and once engineer of the Hartford. Providence ami
and Fishkill railroad, was called by Mr. Rice. He
stated that he had thoroughly examined the routes
of tin* railroads through Worcester, ami also the
proposed locations for the Union passenger station,
having over two days for that purpose; and,
all things considered, preferred the one west of
Grafton street. Ho thought it would better accom
modah* the roads from the north; would better ac
commodate the public by the arrangement for hav
ing the tracks go under the building, and would be
a groat accommodation in the matter ot making
southern connections. He should consider the in
convenience of being headed to the east —as neces
sitated by the location east of Grafton street—a
very great one, and should advise a large expendi
tare, if necessary, to avoid it; should expect that if
such a depot was built, a change would be made in
it before many years. He thought that in a city
like this it was very dost ruble that a depot lie so ar
ranged as to allow of the people getting to it with
out crossing tracks; had examined the Green street
plan; saw no engineering difficulties in the way of
bridging Green street.
The evidence will probably be all given in to-day,
after which considerable time will be occupied by
the attorneys’ arguments.
COUNTY NEWS.
The several fire companies of Grafton will
hold a muster on Saturday, Oct. 14, at which
two prizes, offered by the citizens, will be con
tested for.
The selectmen of Westboro have called a
meeting of citizens for this evening, to see what
can be done in the way of relief lor the suffer
ing in Chicago. They thing the matter of fur
nishing clothing should have attention.
Republican Councillor Convention.—
Third Councillor District. —The republicans of
the third*counci I lor district met at Mercantile
hall, Boston, yesterday morning, and a large
number of gentlemen were present. The con
vention was called to order bv John Backup,
and Gen. E. W. Hinks of Cambridge was chosen
temporary chairman. W. W. Doherty was
chosen temporary secretary.
On motion of Hon. Thomas Rice of Newton,
the above gentlemen were chosen to be perma
nent officers. Gen. Hinks invited Rev. Mr.
Dyer of Shrewsbury to invoke the divine bless
ing.
Messrs. Charles Caverly, Jr., Taft of lipton,
Hurd of Framingham, Knights of Cambridge,
and Jackson of Boston were chosen a committee
on credentials, and reported 113 delegates from
twenty-eight towns and wards.
Messrs. Backup of Boston Highlands,
Bigelow of Grafton, Morse of Natick, Barhoui
of Cambridge, and Groce of Boston, were ap
pointed to select a district committee, and re
ported the following:
District committee—A. R. Esty of Framing
ham, J. E. Miller of Boston, John 11. L'Mrr of
Boston Highlands, Sumner Albee of Cambridge,
and .1. W. McKenzie of Grafton.
A motion to admit the district committee to
seats m the convention was i ejected.
On motion of Mr. George F. D ivis of Boston
Highlands, a report of the committee on creden
tials was adopted, leaving off' a delegate at large
from Newton. Ward seven of Boston, it was
voted, was entitled to four delegates.
Messrs. Prescott of West R. xbury, Putnam of
Blackstone, and Rice of Brighton, were appoint
ed to receive the votes of an informal ballot,
and Mr. Backup, on account of his knowledge
of the district, was chosen to assist the sccic
tarv.
The delegations were called, and voted in sue
cession.
Mr. Rice, of Newton, had understood that
some of his friends had an idea of voting for
him, and there were tickets with “Shrewsbury”
on them in the hall. He knew nothing of that,
but tor his own pait he absolutely declined.
Mr. Dyer, of Shrewsbury remarked that Mr.
Thos. Rice, of Shrewsbury, did not decline.
The informal ballot resulted as follows:
Whole number of votes 113
Necessary to a choice .57
John S. Needham of Blackstone 19
Thomas Rice of Shrewsbury 7
Milo Hildreth of Northboro 61
George P. Carter of Cambridei’ 18
Z. L. Raymond of Cambridge 4
J. S. D'land of Holliston 1
Mr. Hildreth was declared unanimously to be
the candidate, with hearty applause, and the
convention adjourned.
The Firemen’s Mugler in Fitchburg.
The muster of tiremen at Fitchburg, yesterday,
was one of the largest gatherings of the kind ever
held in this state, or in New England, that, nearest
approaching to it in size being the one at Manches
ter, N.H., in 1859. The early trains over all the
railroads came in crowded to overflowing with pas
sengers. The arriving companies of firemen wore
escorted from the depot by the marshals and mem
bers of the tire department of Fitchburg. Those
coming earliest in the forenoon were provided with
collations at the enginehouse-. Gilmore’s band,
Boston, twenty-five pieces, M. Arbuckle, leader, ar
rived in the early train, and took the lead during
the day, among the seventeen different bands of
music present from various sections, in discoursing
excellent music to the crowd. .Such of the various
companies and bands as had arrived upto 9o’clock,
formed in procession near the Fitchburg hotel, and
marched down Main street to the "old city,” and
up Richard street to the common, at the upper end
of the town, under the chief marshalship of Gen.
J. W. Kimball, with twenty-two assistant marshals.
The variegated uniforms and diversified machines
made a very attractive appearance to the crowds of
spectators along the sidewalks.
The procession was headed by a detachment of
state police under apt. Charles W. Davis of Tem
pleton, and local police of Fitchburg, under Capt.F
E. F. Hayward. The procession moved in the same
order in which lots were drawn for the order of
trials.
At precisely eleven o’clock, the hour assigned,
the playing of the hand engines began, the signal
being given by the fire alarm telegraph. The waler
was taken from the reservoir, near the head of the
common.
Thirty-seven hand engines competed for the
prizes, with the following result. The playing
lasted Irom 11 a. m. to BJ£ p.m., arrangements being
such that two engines could play at once, the usual
rules governing as to length of hose, 200 feet, and
the time of playing, 15 minutes, each point of time
being indicated by tho fire alarm telegraph. The
str earn was thrown along the upper end of Main
street, and the lower portion of the common:
Nairn* of machine. Builder. ft. in.
1. Ervimr, No 1. Erving, Hunneman 153 5
2. Eagle, No 4, Reading, Howard Davis... 162
3. Claremont, No 4, Claremont N 11. Button. If.*;
4. Mellvillo, No 6, Globe Village. Hunneman. 154 6
5. Mugford, No 4. Marblehead, Hunneman...l29 1
6. Tiger, No 1, Baldwinsville, Cowing I*4 7
7. Brookline. No 1, Brookline, Hunneuian...l6l
8. General Worth, No 2, Stoneham, Hunne-
man 157
9. Phenix, No 6, Brattleboro, Vt,Thayer. ...146 8
l(i. Torrent. No 2, Gardner. Howard Davis. 149 4
11. Columbian, No 5, N Bridgewafer, Button.UM) 7
12. Rough and Readv, West Held, Button 196 3
13. Shirlev, No 1, Shirley, Hunneuian 130 5
14. Torrent, No 1, Marlboro, Button 191 3
15. Torrent, No 1, Watertown, Hunneuian 110 3
16. Conqueror, No 1, Fitchburg, Hunneman.. 188 4
17. Redwood, No 3, Newport, K 1, Jeffers.. No pla v
18. Bai State, No 1, E Templeton, Huniie-
man 166 G
19. Geyser. No 1, Ashburnham, Hu lineman. .144
20. Washington, No 3, Woburn, Howard
Davis 3
21. Okaminakameset, No 2, Marlboro, But-
ton 182 9
22. Protector, No 4, Nashua, N H, Hu line-
man UI 9
23. Amazon, No 2, Weymouth, Thayer 155
24. Tiger, No 4, Lynn, defiers 189 3
25. Torrent, No 1, Leominster, Hunnonum... .155 7
26. Union, No 1, E Braintree, Hunneman.. ..152 9
27. Union, No 2, Leominster, Hunneman... 127 4
28. Cataract, No 1, Gardner, Howard
Davis 165 1
29. Anawunsett, No 2. Shelburne Falls... .No play.
30. Alert, No 1, Winchendon, Howard
Davis 169 5
31. Yale. No 1, Wakefield, Jeffrs 178 3
32. American, No 1, West Brookfield, Hunnc-
min 146 1
33. Undine, No 2. Fitchburg, Hunneman... .149 2
31. Dread Not, No 2, Brookline, Hunneman. .156 3
85. Gerry, No 5, Marblehead, Hunneman... .169 6
36. Borden, No 2, Waltham, .letters 181 6
37. Hydrant. No 8. Holliston, Hunneman... .145 7
The first prize of S4OO was thus won by Rough
and Readv. No. I, of Westfield, a Button machine,
with ten inch cylinder and ten inch stroke, George
D. Smitn foreman, which threw 196*4 feet. The
second prize of S2OO was won by Torrent. No. 1 of
Marlboro, also a Button machine, which threw
191& feet. And the third prize of 0100 was taken
by Tiger No. 4 of Lynn, a defiers machine, which
threw 189 X feet.
The following persons, mostly engineers from
their respective sections, acted as judges in the
above trials: H. E. Barratt of Claremont, N. H.:
Emory Tilton of Leominster, E. H. Brigham of Nu*
tick, Edward J. Grimes o r Springfield. A. D. Drew
of Watertown, A. P .Insure of Springfield, J. >l.
°°d of Milford, J. H. Simonds or Brattleboro,
Vt., 8. B. Fairbanks of Hudson, H. W. Longley of
'V IE Rodgers of Watertown.
Ihe trial of hook and ladder companies began at
about half past one, p .w.,and concluded at about
halt past three. on Main street, between tho
WORCESTER: WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 11. 1871.
Common and the Baptist church. Each company
ran SO rods with truck, spliced ladders ami placed a
man on the roof of the building. The following
is the order of playing and result:
I. Franklin, of Clinton Im. 4w.
2. Union, Marlboro Im. 3-y.
3. 11. and L. No. 1, Fitchburg Im. 455.
4. H. and L., No. 1, Worcester ....Notime.
5 H. and L., No. 1. Leominster Im. 51s.
The Worcester company broke their ladddFs,
which accounts for no time being taken.
The prize of SSO was taken by the Unions of
Marlboro, who signalized their triumph by a parade
through the sheets, in their beautiful velveteen
jackets, with brooms In hand. The judges were
Joshua Binney, of Weymouth, J. N. Burnaps, of
Brattleboro. D. A. Sanborn, of Somerville, M m. E.
Delano, of Charlestown.
During the procession in the morning, many
flags were sus|M>n(lod from various places, among
the more prominent objects of interest being tn
infant s<eanier, called "Rough and Ready, Jr..” in
the show window of L. J. Brown’s store. It was
built by George 11. Webb of Pawtucket, R. I. Its
full length is but 5 feet, height 28 inches, boiler IS
inches by 10, steam cylinder 2*« inches, and its
whole weight but 150 pounds. Tin* little machine
is in exact imitation of the Rough and Ready of
Pawtucket, built by Cole Brothers.
The seventeen bands in attendance during the
day, included the following: Gilmore’s ami Metro
politan of Boston, and those from Ashburnham,
Leominster, Clinton, Marlboro, Reading, Gardner,
Wakefield, Stoneham, Weymoath, Glolw* Village,
and Nashua, Claremont, and Peterboro, N. H.. who
accompanied the tire companies from their respect
ive sections.
The programme for do-day includes the playing of
twenty-six steamers and twelve hose companies,
and will probably callout a much larger attendance
even than yesterday. The steamers are from Wor
cester, Pawtucket, Clinton, Somerville, Holyoke,
Andover. Athol, Leominster, Cambridge, Spring
field. Westboro, Natick, Manchester and Nashua,
N. 11., and Pawtucket, Central Falls and North
Providence, R. J. The hose companies an* from
Manchester, N. IL, Pawtucket, ILL, Worcester,
Brookline, Waltham, Charlestown and Leominster.
The Fitchburg steamers and hose companies com
pete with the rest.
The very full election returns from Ohio and
Pennsylvania, the details of yesterday’s bloody
riot in Philadelphia, and much other important
telegraphic news, are necessarily abbreviated,
or crowded out altogether, this morning, to
make room for the dispatches concerning the
Chicago fire.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO TntWOIUK.TEII D4IW »ts
FROM EUROPE.
<4 rent Britain*
THE FENIAN PRISONERS.
London, Oct. HL—Gladstone lias announced
the determination of the government not to
yield to the appeals for the release of the re
maining Fenian prisoners, on the ground that
their offence.? were not political, and the release
of the other Fenians who were imprisoned for
political offences form no precedent for dealing
with those for whom pardon is not sought.
EFFECT OF THE CIIICAGO FIRE.
The news of the conflagration at Chicago, the
details of which were published here yesterday
and this morning, excites a general feeling of
interest and deep sympathy. It had a percepti
ble effect in liepressing American railway securi
ties in the stock board. Erie stock was quotul
two per cent, lower than yesterday.
Fra ncc.
THE ELECTIONS.
Paris, Oct. 10.—The successful candidates
for the councils ffencraux from Istres and Garin
arc supporters ol Thiers. The Bonapartist can
didate for Corsica was defeated. Here the con
servative candidates were generally successful.
The Bonapartist candidates have all been de
feated.
^The result of the elections in the conservative
provinces is largely in favor of the republicans,
whose candidates have developed unexpected
strength. Prince Napoleon is elected irom
Ajaccio.
Npnin.
POLITICAL.
Madrid, Oct. 10.—Scnor Alegrs has been ap
pouted civil governor of the city. The political
excitement which has been rife here since the as
sembling of rhe cortes, is growing in intensity,
and the antagonism between Scnors Sagosta
and Lorilla is constantly increasing. The order
issued by General Prim nearly a year ago, for
bidding soldicis to belong to political associa
tions or to participate in any manner in politi
cal affairs, has been renewed and will be rigidly
enforced.
RELATIONS WITH MOROCCO.
The threatened misunderstanding between
Morocco and Spain was averted by I lie payment
by Morocco of twenty thousand dollars indem
nity to the families of three Spaniards mur
dered by the subjects of the emperor.
PROJECT DEFEATED.
A meeting of the progressists to-lay rejected
—ninety-two to forty-two—a proposal to sup
port, before the cortes, a vote of confidence in
the government.
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, Oct. 10.—It is stated that forger
ies of a very startling character have been traced
to a very high official, who, nominally, is in the
control of one of the most important city de
partments. The district attorney to-day will
probably take action in the matter, which it is
said will involve both the ring and the reform
ers.
Corporation counsel O’Gorman, who was ex
amined yesterday, privately, by ex-»ludge Bar
rett, says he had turned the case of Ingersoll
over to his associate, being very busy himself,
that the few documents left from what had been
stolen from the controller’s office, and from
those missing from the late Auditor Watson’s
office, were in the hands of Controller Green,
and that, even admitting the frauds were proven,
he, O’Gorman, did not see how the law could be
made to reach the guilty parties.
The Herald prominently prints the following:
“We understand that some startling develop
ments arc likely to be made to-day that will pre
sent a new phase of our municipal troubles.
These developments may astonish the committee
of seventy, as well as our citizens gener
erally, and may add an important item to the
many they have al ready discovered in the his
tory of official rascality.”
it is rumored that Mayor Hall’s signature was
forged on the vouchers and alleged exorbitant
bills of Garvey and Ingersoll, and that he can
present conclusive evidence thereof. In this
case, the city will lie able to recover from the
bank all money obtained by the forgery.
Mr. Ashbury intimated last night that he
wouldsiil nine of the twelve races proposed by
the English clubs. The Herald to-day says that
Ashbury's claim to sail twelve different races,
his yacht to represent a separate English yacht
club, will never be conceded by the New York
club. .Should he, under such ruling, win any
one of the, twelve races, even if he were beaten
in all the others, he would claim the queen’s cup
for the English dub which he might in that one
race represent.
Several insurance companies have sent officers
to Chicago to day to look after their interests.
None of the prominent officers here can give any
idea of the extent of their losses as yet.
The run on the Third Avenue savings bank
continued till eight o'clock last evening, all de
mands being promptly met. Several who drew
their money had their pockets fucked in the
crowd, the police being very inefficient.
The feelings against the directors of the Han
nibal and St. Joseph railroad are bitter. A
formidable opposition is organizing against the
Boston interest, and, it is said, has already se
cured a majority of the stock.
The run on the Third Avenue savings bank is
diminishing; half a million dollars have been
withdrawn.
City tax receipts to-day, $82,840.
Political.
PENNSYLVANIA—PHILADELPHIA ELECTION.
Philadelphia, Oct. 10.—The election was
quiet in most of the wards. In the fourth and
fifth, the colored voters complained of intimida
tion, and the police wcrcchanged by the mayor.
In the fifteenth ward, Miss Carrie S. Burnham
tendered a vote, which was not received. Judge
Allison, of the court of common pleas, rejected
an application for a mandamus to compel the,
receipt of her vote, and was sustained by his
brother judges.
T E N N ESSE E—IN A UG URATED.
Nashville, Oct. 10.—Gov. Brown was inau
gurated to day.
OHIO—REPUBLICAN TRIUMPH.
Cincinnati, Oct. 10.—Returns indicate the
election of Noyes, republican, governor, by
probably 30,000 majority.
PENNSYLVANIA—REPUBLICAN VICTORY.
Philadelphia, Oct. 10.—The returns indi
cates that the republicans have carried the
state, electing Stanton for auditor, and Beath
for surveyor. Forney’s Press estimates the re
publican majority at 20,000.
NEW JERSEY—STILL ANOTHER REPUBLICAN
GAIN.
Newark, N. J., Oct. 10.—Mayor Ricord, re
publican, is elected by twelve hundred majority,
a gain of one thousand over two years ago.
Boston, Oct. 10.—About’ o’clock this morn
ing the large machine shop of George Whitney,
on Main street, was discovered to be on fire, and
notwithstanding the fact that the engines of this
town assisted by three from Woburn, were
promptly on hand, the building and contents
were entirely consumed. The total loss is esti
mated to be about $50,000, on which there is a
partial insurance. The occupants of the build
ing were George Whitney, machinist, whose
loss will amount to $25,000; G. Batchelder, cur
rier, who lost about S3OOO worth of bides; H.
Simms, J Simms, E. U. Hughes, W. Matten and
Sy vester Elliott. Thu tiic is supposed to be tUo
work of an incendiary.
THE CHICAGO COXFLA«RATIOX!
A Shower Stops the Flames!
THEY AGAIN BREAK OCT!
Incendiaries at AVork I
THEY ARE SHOT OR 111 AG
FEARS OF RAPINE
General Sheridan Sends for Troops!
AWFUL RECORD OF DEATH
500 Lives Reported Lost!
STARVATION AND EXPOSURE!
WOMEN AND CHILDREN SUFFERING!
Provisions Begin to Arrive!
Sick Women in the Storm.
CHILDREN BORN ONLY TO (DIE
Estimates of Losses!
Graphic Description of the Awful Scenes
of Flame, Agony and Death,
by Eye-Witnesses.
THE FIRE EXTINGUISHED.
Associated Press Office, New York, Oct.
10 —11.10 a. m.—The following good news is just
received: The Western Union telegraph com
pany furnishes the following:
“St. Louis has just had communication with
Chicago, and reports that there was a heavy
rain there last night and the fire is all out.”
Chicago, Oct. 10—12 m.—The fire is almost
completely extinguished. The large elevator of
the Illinois Central railroad, with its contents, is
safe. The United States depository, tvhicb avrs
destroyed, had two millions of governmen
funds, one-half million of which was in gold.
HOMELESS.
Chicago, via St. Louis, Oct. 10th—4 a. m
A large camp has been formed outside the city.
Tents are being supplied to some, but thousands
ol people are sleeping on the ground. In the
western district women and children throng the
streets and are cooking their food at small fires
built along the curbstones. At least 10,000
wealthy business men are today left penniless.
The fire still rages according to a report just rc
ceivcd, but the wind has somewhat abated.
Measures have been adopted to preserve disci
pline in the camps, and thus far the city lias
been spared any violent disorder or robbery. The
fact is the panic and dread are too universal.
Even the roughs and thieves are awed by the
terrible calamity. All the citizens are exhausted,
and should the remainder of the city be threat
ened little can be done to save it.
LOSSES.
Policies of insurance arc looked upon as worth
less, as on account of the overwhelming extent
of the losses it is not expected that they can be
paid.
the dead.
It is now certain that the loss of life has been
very heavy. A whole wagon load of dead bodies
was carried through Wabash avenue last even
ing, but I could learn nothing as to the precise
manner of their death. It is said by some to
have been the result of an explosion of spirits;
by others to have been caused by falling walls.
terrible effects of the heat.
The fire proof buildings burned like tinder,
especially the banks, not one of which remains.
Few business persons saved even their papers.
The whole population was busy all night, and
the streets are now like a bivouac, with sleep
ing men. The loss of life it is impossible to
estimate.
THE SHIPPING,
Ordered into the north branch of the river,
was sent adrift into Lake Michigan. Many
vessels were burned.
THE PRINTING OFFICE.
Tremendous efforts were made to save the
Tribune and Post, as well as the city hall and
government buildings, but nothing remains but
blackened stones and crackling cinders. No
papers can be published until jtypc comes from
elsewhere, as the type foundries arc also burnt.
THE ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
The origin of the fire was in a stable, where a
woman took a kerosene lamp at milking time.
what the firemen had to encounter.
A large number of the firemen were killed,
and all did their duty nobly, but the streams of
water on the burning blocks were like fountain
jets against the awful heat of the conflagration.
The new hotel, eight or nine stories high, just
completed, sent up pyramids of the solid flme>
making the waters of Lake Michigan ruby col
ored. For miles the burning bridges along the
river were swinging a graceful arch of fire from
shore to shore. The burning ships sailed in
crimson waters. All the churches in the south
division, the Convent of Mercy, all the railroad
buildings and the front mansions on Michigan
and Wabash avenues are gone. The very pave
ments are burned.
REPORT OF ANOTHER FIRE.
Rumor says now that another fire has broken
out in Hyde Park, a southern suburb, and is
moving north. If this be true, the destruction
of the remaining portion of the southern divi
sion cannot be prevented. One hundred squares
arc already burned in the southern division.
BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE RESULT.
The population will probably be reduced fifty
thousand in a month. Business men cannot
resume unless substantial help is sent from the
east and west. A hundred thousand employes
engaged in mercantile business are out of em
ployment. The streets leading to the unburnt
portion of the south part of the city, and all
leading to the one unbroken bridge west, are
completely blocked by all kinds of vehicles car
rying sick and injured people and blackened
furniture. The county records are safe, but the
city records arc lost. Mayor Mason has re
ceived dispatches from St. Louis, Milwaukee,
Detroit, Louisville and elsewhere, inquiring
what they shall send. He asks for cooked food
for one hundred thousand homeless persons.
BAD TALE OF SUFFERING.
Hundreds were trampled under foot. Men
and women,—loaded with bundles and house
hold goods,—to whose skirts were clinging ten
der infants, half dressed and half barefooted,—
all were seeking a place of saftey. Hours after
wards, these might have been seen in the va
cant lots, or on the streets far in the suburbs,
stretched in the dust.
AWFUL RECORD OF DEATH.
It is fearful to think of the loss of life. It
is conjectured, with good cause, that nearly 500
were burned to death. We saw four men enter
a burning building, and, in a moment, they
were overwhelmed by a falling wall. There
was a crowd of men around a corner building,
trying to save property, when, the wall yielding,
some were buried beneath. Twelve or fifteen
men, women and children rushed into the build
ing of the historical society,—a fire proof build
ing,—for safety. In a few minutes, the flames
burst up and they were burned to death. Among
those who took refuge in this building was the
venerable Colonel Samuel Stone, eighty years of
age; also, John B. Grand and wife, and Mme.
Depengrone, a noted teacher of music. It is
feared that Dr. Fercar and family were also
burned, as they were in the building, and have
not been seen since. Mrs. Edsall, whose hus
band was murdered last week, and who was suf
fering from illness, was parried away for pro-
tcction to a building which was afterwards con
sumed, and it is feared that she also perished.
valuable documents.
All the books and papers of the historical so
ciety, including the original copy of the famous
emancipation proclamation of President Lin
coln, for Avhich the society paid $25,000, Avere
destroyed.
ORPHANS BURNED TO DEATH.
It is feared that a large number of children,
inmates of the Catholic orphan’s society, on
State street, arc also burned, as many of them
arc missing.
SCENES OF INDISCRIBABLE HORROR AND
DEATH.
On Chicago avenue, a father rushed up stairs
to carry three children away, when he was over
taken by the flames and perished with them.
The mother was afterwards seen on the street,
a raving maniac. In the same neighborhood, ft
family of five persons perished. The list of
such fatalities is very long, and can only be
fully verified lifter the smoke has cleared.
BARELY ESCAPED WITH LIFE.
There are hundreds of families on the north
west side who saved no clothing, but barely
their lives. Among these are the family of
Pern* Smith, formerly president of the North-
Avcstcrn railroad company.
THE INSURANCE AND THE LOSS.
Later —A careful survey of the insurance to
day, shows that there were written on property
destroyed over tivo hundred millions of dollars.
Add another hundred million, and a fair esti
mate can bo reached of the loss.
WILL RESUME BUSINESS.
All the, leading merchants who have been seen
express a determination to resume business at
once. This includes the heavy houses, such as
John V. Farwell, Field, Leiter Co., and
Sprague, Warner Co. Farwell A Co. and
Field, Leiter Co. saved from three hundred
thousand Io half a million dollars worth of
goods. Both firms have already established
headquarters on the west side.
editors' hope.
The Evening Journal and Tribune hope to
publish small sheets to-morrow.
THE SPIRIT OF PROGRESS.
At a meeting of business men, to-day, n spirit
was manifested to at once rebuild the city and
restore business.
LEGISLATIVE AID.
A special meeting of the legislative will be
held, to provide means for aiding business men
and the employment for the poor.
FEARS OF PILLAGE.
Fears are entertained that the desperate dis
tress of so many will create squads of pillagers'
and life will not be safe. To relieve these, Gen.
Sheridan is telegraphing for more troops, and a
special police force is being organized by the
citizens The only effectual remedy is to find
employment for the thousands who would work
if they could.
THE TELEGRAPH BUSINESS.
The temporary office of the Western Union
telegraph company is thronged by thousaiids,
anxious to advise with friends.
MAIL ARRANGEMENTS.
Arrangements arejmade by thejpost office au
thorities for sending, receiving and distributing
all mail matter.
The Pirr BrginN Again.
INCENDIARY FIENDS AT THEIR DEVILISH
won K.
Chicago, Oct. 10—8:10 a. m.—Word is just
brought that a fierce fire is raging on Thirty
first street, two miles south of the southern fire
limit on the south side, and a little less than that
from the limit on the west side. This has been
act on fire for the purpose, evidently, of destroy
ing the remaining part of tho city, largely occu
pied by wealthy icsidents.
SPEEDY DOOM OF THE DEMONS.
It is also known that two men, caught in the
act of firing buildings, have been shot, and Iwo
others were led off with ropes around their
necks. As the wind is blowing a perfect gale,
the end cannot be foretold.
THE FLAMES AGAIN STAYED.
New York, Oct. 10.—6 r. m.—A dispatch from
Gen. Palmer, vice president of the Western Un
ion telegraph company, elicits the following re
liable response from Gen. Stager, superintend
ent at Chicago: “The fire started in a small
building on 81st street, but was speedily put out.
Incendiaries are busy! Seven or eiyht have been
hung or shot at sight.”
graphic Accouiiln of Terrible Mcenen.
DESCRIPTION BY AN EYE WITNESS.
The following reliable and graphic description
of the fire is furnished by a gentleman who par
ticipated in the work of subduing the flames:
None but the eye witness can form an idea of
the fury and power of the fire fiend, as he
reveled among the palatial buildings and ware
houses on the south side, with the wind blow
ing a hurricane.
RAPIDITY WITH WHICH THE FLAMES SPREAD.
At *imes it seemed but the work of a moment
for the fire to enter the south end of buildings
fronting on Randolph, Lake and Water streets,
and reappear at the north doors and windows,
belching forth in fierce flames which often
licked the opposite buildings; and then the
flames issuing forth from the buildings on both
sides of the street would unite, and present a
solid mass of fire, completely filling the street
from side to side, and shooting upward a hun
dred feet into the air above the house tops.
Thus was street after street filled with flames.
Huge walls would fall, without apparently giv
ing a sound, in the roar of the fierce clement.
Many of the buildings situated along South
Water street buried their red hot rear wails in
the river, into which they plunged with a hiss.
The heat was so intense, at times, from some
burning buildings, that they could not be ap
proached within a hundred and fifty feet. The
tire, after reaching the business portion of Ran
dolph and South Water streets, leaped the river
to the north side in an incredible short space of
time; and thence, among the wooden buildings,
on that side, reached the lake shore, after touch
ing block after block ot dwellings with a fierce
blast.
THE PEOPLE HELPLESS.
A scene of such utter powerlessness was never
presented. The people bowed their heads in
anguish, and suffered the fiend to go with un
tramcllcd sway.
MEANNESS AND SELFISHNESS.
While there arc many instances of generous
devotion on the part of rich ami poor, in di
viding with the destitute, there are painful in
stances of meanness and selfishness. One per
son, trying to remove valuable papers from an
office, asked two firemen to help; they refused
unless paid SSO. The papers were destroyed.
Drivers ot express wagons took SIOO and even
SSOO for an hour’s use of their vehicles.
rum’s work.
Among the sad scenes was the appearance of
one hundred men and boys beastly intoxicated,
around the streets in the north division, where
the saloon keepers’stocks of liquors were turned
into the street, and furnished convenient oppor
tunity for the gratification of the slavish pro
pensities. There is hardly a doubt that many
of these poor wretches found their death in the
flames.
WANT AND EXPOSURE.
The Herald reporter furnishes the following:
Women and children are guing around the
burnt district, vainly seeking something to
satisfy their hunger. They ask relief but there
is none to give. No one has provisions or
money.
provisions.
Provisions have arrival from Detroit, Cincin
nati, Milwaukee and St. Louis, and are being
distributed as fast as possible.
CORPSES.
Twenty-three dead bodies were taken to the
station on the north side. At the present time
it is impossible to know who they are.
KO LIGHT.
As night comes the want of light is keenly
felt. There arc but few candles and no water
except what is taken from the lake.
GRAVE FEARS.
Very grave fears of outrage by thieves on the
west side uw fut on every hand* Gen. Sheridan,
PRICE I ENTS.
ivho has has been a hard worker all through
the fire, is still calling lor troops from different
points bi keep order.
HEARTRENDING SCENES.
The suffering on the north side is heartrend
ing. Fiftv thousand men, women and children
are huddled together like wild animals, and in
other places, seventeen thousand Germans and
Irish are praying for relief. Helpless children
are asking for bread; heart broken parents, who
know not which way to turn, or what to say,
can do nothing but await the distribution of
supplies, which must be sloiv. Women in the
pains of childbirth, and patients moved from
beds of sickness to save their lives, were all ex
posed to the rain last night and cold raw winds
to-day.
BORN ONLY TO DIE.
Scvcsal deaths occurred at Lincoln park, and
three women brought children into the world,
only to die.
DREADFUL PROSPECT.
Another night must Im* spent in Lincoln park
and the brick fields at Division street, and yet
another and another.
THE EDITORS.
The Evening Journal got out a half sheet to
night, and the other papers will follow to-mor
row, some of the presses having been found.
ENTERPRISING.
The Commercial national bank will commence
rebuilding on the old site to-morrow. Mean
while they reopen for business on West Wash
ington street. They opened the vault this after
noon, and all the books, papers, money and se
curities Avere in perfect order.
RUMOR OF DEATH.
There is a rumor that, in a burnt blacksmith
shop on Rush street, the bodies of fifteen men
liavebeen found, burned ton crisp, they having
rushed into the shop to escape the flames which
surrounded them before they discovered their
peri).
THE MISSING.
An immense number of people are missing,
and for the purpose of aiding in Ihe recovery of
the missing, a central intelligence office has
been established.
NEAV HOTEL.'
The large hotel in west vision, ?just com
pleted, lias been taken l»y Gage Brothers Rice,
late of the Sherman house, and they will open
it in ten days. 11 will be known as the Sherman
house.
SOME BUSINESS CONVENIENCES REMAINING.
All the packing houses in Chicago, and many
elevators, remain uninjured, and these two
branches of Chicago’s best property will be but
slightly interrupted.
ARRIVAL OF TROOPS.
Two companies of United States infantry ar
rived this evening.
How the Wcwm in l<revived in Other Cilirn.
TIIE EXCITEMENT IN NEW YORK.
New York, Oct. 10—.Yoon.—The excitement
in the city relative to the Chicago calamity is in
nowise abated this morning. All the people
who were going to work-shops early were
anxious readers of the papers containing asso
ciated press dispatches, and the sales at the
news stands have been enormous. Crowds of
business men were at the hotels until a late
hour last night to obtain the latest information
of the fire, ami many were in trepidation, fearing
they were joint sufferers with their mercantile
correspondents in the apparently doomed city.
It is thought that much of the business will be
entirely suspended. Many of the insurance com
panies will doubtless l»c compelled to suspend
for a short time in older to ascertain their lia
bilities, while the grain and produce trade will
undoubtedly lie brought to a complete stand
still Every one in our community feels a deep
sorrow for the sufferers, and the responses to
the mayor’s proclamation for help will be spon
taneous and of a liberality worthy of the great
metnqiolis.
The relief meeting held by the chamber of
commerce, to-day, was eminently successful.
Mr. Patterson of the Liverpool chamber of com
merce was present, and said that if the New
York chamber would appeal to Liverpool, Lon
don and Edinburg, they would receive material
aid. Henry Clews announced that the stock
exchange had voted a donation of $50,000. Sub
scription lists were then opened, to which Fisk
Hatch contributed SIO,OOO, Jay Cooke SIO,OOO,
Henry Clews SIO,OOO, Illinois Central railroad
SIO,OOO, A. A. Lowe S2OOO, George Opdyke
S2OOO, and many others SIOOO and S2OOO each.
In all the sum raised was $60,000, which will
doubtless be doubled before to-morrow.
The movement for the relief of the Chicago
sufferers goes bravely on. The scene at the
Erie railway depot, foot of 28d street, to-day, is
a most interesting one. The streets are crowded
with the carriages of fashionable ladies from
Fifth avenue, Madison avenue and other fashion
able districts, all of whom come with small
packages ol clothing or other necessaries, which
are duly stored in the train which will start at
10 a. m. to morrow. The orders arc that the
train speed through without stopping, except
ing lor coal and water, at the rate of forty miles
an hour. It will carry no passengers, and no
paid freight. New York merchants pour forth
their goods as freely as water; one firm sends an
invoice of beds and bedding, and another sends
women’s clothing, and so on.
The Spectator, insurance journal, of to-day,
says none of the leading coprorations are in
solvent. A number of the less piominent have
sunk their entire capital, but the failure of
every one of these will neither cause a panic
nor seriously interrupt the general progress of
insurance. A great majority of the companies
will pay the losses promptly, and some have
already begun to put their assets in order to
liquidate the obligations. The Spectator esti
mates that the actual losses to companies will
not much exceed thirty-five millions. Companies
transacting business in Chicago held $70,000,-
000 assets, including seven millions held by
Chicago companies. Rumor to-day spoke of
eight companies as suspended, but it is best to
await official announcement. The International
insurance company had adopted the policy of
contracting its business in Chicago; although
its losses arc large, their payment will not ma
terially affect iis capital. It has resolved to pay
all losses without delay, and the president leaves
at once for Chicago, prepared to make imme
diate settlements, and to do all in his power fur
the relief of afflicted citizens.
Some of the losses of New York companies
arc stated at follows: Citizens, $25,000; Hano
ver, $250,000; Columbia, $8,000; Republic,
$225,000; Tradesman’s, $25,000. The Germania
and Niagara have risks; amount not given.
Little else than the Chicago calamity is
thought of to day. Private citizens are anxious
to contribute to the extent of their ability when
the proper channels are opened. Mechanics in
large works and employes in large factories
are giving one to two days’ labor. Theatrical
managers here and in Brooklyn announce bene
fits, ami many people arc sending contributions
to newspaper offices for the sufferers. It was the
most generous outflow of sympathy ever known.
The vicinity of 28d street ferry is crowded
with carriages containing wealthy ladies bring
ing contributions of clothing, money, food and
delicacies, to be sent to Chicago. Several hun
dred mattrasses were sent to the same depot,
and a heavy train left to-night over the Erie
road So heavy have been the contributions,
that Jay Gould has ordered a special lightning
train to leave to-morrow direct for'Chicago, to
have the right of way over the whole track.
Contributions will continue to be received all
night at the Erie depot. The Freemasons are
holding special communications to aid their
brethren in Chicago. All the clergymen will in
voke aid from their congregations next Sabbath.
One hundred thousand dollars, contributed by
Brooklyn, was sent this noon to Chicago. It
was raised by the aldermen, as a city loan, un
der the title of the Chicago relief fund. The
produce exchange contributed five thousand as
its initial, and thirteen thousand were sub
scribed at a meeting of merchants in the board
of trade rooms. The gold room donated SSOOO,
and further individual subscriptions in the room
rtfiChod over S2OOO wore. A subscription list
ABVKRTiaIAa
In Datlt Hpt— For tho "Bqnarc’ of Ud line* *olt
agate type. 1 time7s eta.; each eobseqaent insertion 5®
cU.; 1 week >2.75; 2 weeks |4 00; 1 month fS.OO; 1 year
•wi-and the same rate proportionally for any num hr r o
aquarea. Two Unen for one week |1.00; tliree line |1 25;
fourlinea $1.37; five lines $l5O. Local notices2scents
per line for each insertion. Buxines* notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac.. 15 cents per Une
Legal advertiaeir.ents |1 00 per square for first inser
tlon; each Riibxcquent inner! ion 50 rente.
Special poxilions; In the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged eeira rales, uta and double
column advertixementx allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rales charged for the whole spare occupied.
Ik Wkkblt Bpt— First insertion Sl.oo per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
was opened for bankers and brokers, nt 26
Broad street, and some slo,(Bhi were subscrilied
there.
Archbishop McCloskey has issued a circular,
recommending collections in all the Catholic
chinches, Sunday. The hat, fur and cap trade
will hold a mass meeting to-morrow. Jessup
Co. have sent SSOOO. The amount subscribed
at the chamber of commerce, to-day, was $70,-
000. The Journal of Commerce sent <SOO by
telegraph. The cotton exchange raised $7500,
ami will increase it to $25,000. The wholesale
grocers ore subscribing liberally,collecting SSOOO
in a few moments. Brown Brothers, and Dun
can, Sherman Co., each sent SSOOO. James
Fisk has n large, wagon labelled “relief for Chi
cogo” driven through the principal streets and
avenues up town to receive donations from the
residents.
THE RESPONSE IN LONDON.
London, Oct. 10.—The excitement in regard to
the fire at Chicago increased in intensity as rhe
full extent of the calamity became known. Sub
scriptions will be opened for the relief of the suf
ferers. The banking house of Morgan Co.
have telegraphed to their correspondents in New
York authorizing them to draw for SSOOO in fa
vor of the Chicago relief fund.
PROCLAMATION OF TIIE GOVERNOR OF NEW
JERSEY.
Trenton, N. J., Oct. 10.—Gov. Randolph lias
issued a proclamation urging all citizens of the
state to give liberal I y for the relief of Chicago.
He will personally attend to the prompt trans
mission of clothing, fixxl, etc., and will appoint
assistants throughout the state to aid the com
munities to forward their donations.
THE FEELING IN WASHINGTON.
Washington, Oct. 10.—The printers in the
government office and several benevolent asso
ciations have subscribed liberally for Chicago.
Subscriptions are being made in all departments.
The announcement of the termination of the fire
caused general joy. The fire has caused more
excitement than a presidential election.
BUFFALO INCREASES HER GIFTS.
Buffauy, N. Y., Oct. 10.—A mass meeting
of the citizens, presided over by the mayor, to
day indorsed the action of the city authorities
in issuing SIOO,OOO in bonds yesterday for Chi
cago. A subscription 11 at board
of trade after the citizciiWlneeting, and liberal
amounts subscribed. Another car load of pro
visions left for Chicago to-day.
BOSTON SENDS SIOO,OOO.
Boston, Oct. 10.—The following dispatch
was sent this afternoon:
Boston, Oct. 10,1871.
To the Mayor of Chicago: —You arc author
ized to draw on Kidder, I’ealiody Co., of this
city, for the sum of SIOO,OOO for the relief of the
sufferers by the lute fires at Chicago.
Wai. Gaston, Mayor.
A LIKE AMOUNT FROM BROOKLYN.
New York, Oct. 10.—Brooklyn has donated
a hundred thousand dollars for the Chicago
sufferers.
PROVISIONS AND ENGINES FROM PITTSBURG.
Pittsburg, Ph., Oct. 10.—Several car loads of
provisions and clothing for Chicago have already
gone forward. Three steam fire engines from
Pittsburg and two horn Alleghany left this
morning.
RESPONSE OF LOWELL.
Lowell, Oct. 10.—The great calamity which
has befallen Chicago has created a universal
throb of sympathy among our people. Many
former residents ot this city, who’have been do
ing business at Hint ill-fated city arc large losers.
A number of ladies here arc to organize them
selves into ft voluntary committee to send cloth
ing, etc., ior the relief of the sufferers.
CHRISTIAN PH ILA NTH ROPY.
Baltimore, Oct. 10. —Governor Baldwin, of
Michigan, who is delegate to the Episcopal con
vention here, has telegraphed a proclamation to
Detroit, calling upon the citizens of the state of
Michigan to take immediate measures for the
relief of Chicago. Two thousand dollars, sub
scribed for the missionary fund ut the Episco
pal convention last night, have been appropri
ated to the relief of Chicago.
FURTHER ACTION AT PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Oct. 10.—The board of
brokers has appointed a committee to collect
funds for Chicago.
LIBERAL ACTION OF ALBANY.
Albary, Oct. 10. —At a joint meeting of citi
zens and the board of trade SIO,OOO were sub
scribed, and committees appointed to collect
more. The Burgess Corsis send a thousand,
and the grand commandery of Knights Templar
another thousand.
GENEROUS FIREMEN.
Albany, Oct. 10.—Fire company No. 8, of
Saratoga, sent SIOOO to Chicago to-day, and
the Rochester fire company sent a car load of
cooked provisions.
ACTION OF POUGHKEEPSIE CITIZENS.
Albany, Oct. 10.—Twenty-six hundred dol
lars were subscribed at a citizens’ meeting in
Poughkeepsie, and provisions will be sent to
night.
SONS OF MISSOURI CALLED ON.
St. Louis, Oct. 10.—Gov. Brown calls on all
sons of Missouri promptly to aid Chicago.
THE EMPIRE STATE AROUSED.
Albany, Oct. 10.—Auburn, Lockport, Sche
nectady, Hudson, and all the other towns and
cities in New York state, hold mass meetings
to-night to aid Chicago.
EFFECT OF THE FIRE AT BOSTON.
Boston, Oct. 10.—Boston offices, far as ascer
tained, are liable for $8,100,000 in Chicago
risks. The Hide and Leather has the largest
risk, amounting to $750,000 The losses of Bos
ton merchants are proportionately small; the
principal losses at the cast fall upon manufac
turing companies. A large Boston clothing
house, with a branch in Chicago, had building
and goods burned, valued at a quarter of a
million. The shoe and leather exchange to-day
forwaided ten thousand dollars to the mayor of
Chicago by the Adams express.
MEETING CALLED AT PROVIDENCE.
Providence, Oct. 10.—Mayor Doyle has
called a meeting of citizens for to-morrow, to
take measures for sending aid to Chicago.
BALTIMORE CONTINUES THE GOOD WORK.
Baltimore, Oct. 10.—The corn exchange has
appropriated $70,000 for Chicago. The stock
exchange also made a contribution. William
McKim subscribed SSOO and advanced SIO,OOO
for immediate use. All the railroads forward
supplies tree. The Good Templars are per
sonally soliciting aid from house to house for
their suffering brethren. The Freemasonshave
appointed committees to solicid aid.
HELP FOR THE PRINTERS.
Cincinnati, Oct. 10.—A full font of type was
sent last night, by Murat Halstead, to the Chi
cago Tribune, and heavy subscriptions were
raised among newspaper men for the suffering
printers in Chicago.
New York, Oct. 10. —Ever since the New
York Tribune office was burnt our, in 1845, that
journals has always kept duplicates of every
thing needed for the publication of a paper. Mr.
Rooker, its foreman, telegraphed to-day, on be
half of the association, to Mr. Gay, managing
editor of the Chicago Tribune, placing the du
plicate office at his instant disposal for the use
of the Chicago Tribune, or any other Chicago
newspaper.
Manchester’s reply.
Manchester, N. H., Oct. 10.—The city coun
cil this evening voted, unanimously, $15,000 ior
the Chicago sufferers.
hartford’s interest.
Hartford, Ct., Oct. 10.—The insurance com
panies of Hartford are still busy iu ascertaining
the extent of their losses by the Chicago fire.
The old Hartford has telegraphed to its agent
in Chicago to commence the payment of claims.
It has also advised its agents throughout the
country that the company will promptly pay
its losses, and that, in the continuation of its
business in tbe future, advanced rates will be a
necessity. An adjuster for the JEtna and tho
vice president of the Phoenix will reach Chicago
on Wednesday, authorized to begin immediately
tbe payments of claims.
ACTION OF GOV. CLAFLIN.
Boston, Oct. 10.—Gov. Claflin to-day scut by
(Continued on Fourth fsge.]