KEW YORK IIERALD
BROADWAY AND ANN STHEET.
JAMES GORDON BENNETT,
PROl'RIETOn.
All business or news letter and telejraphic
despatches must be addressed New York
Herald.
Volume XWTl No. 334
AMUSEMENTS THIS AfTERNDJ* ANO EVENING.
ST. JAM KS ThEATRK, Tweni?-?tfhth etreet and Broad
W.tr.? i'Ai Maimer at 1
WALLACE'S THEATRE BroaJway and 18t!i ?tre?L
JtoftfOAlK.
WOOD'S MUSfcUM. BriKiwur, corner SHh it.? Perform
ance* aiieriiouu ?cu c?eu:ut? i'laiuvoya-ncb.
BOOTH'S THEATRE, 23.1 ?L, between 5th an 1 6th avt.
Tut VlOTlMH? Soi.om SniNULK. Matinee at 1
STADT THEATRE, Noe. 45 and 47 Bowery.?' Tkagedy
or Hamlet.
BOWERY THEATRE, Bowery. SbabchinQ tub
Skitiib. Matiuee at 2.
NIBLO'8 GARDEN, Broalway, between Prinee and
Bouatun street! Oik Amkuicam Cousin. Matiuee at 3.
ORAND OPERA HOOSR. corner or Wh ar and 13d lit?
Fabib; OB. tub Days or thiCoiiiium. Matinee at iL
UNA EDWIN'S THEATRK, No. 72V Broadway OrBBA
Bouffb Li j'ojnt ucu aorrtKi*.
PTFTH AVENUE TOKATRE, Twenty fourth atreet
Tin Mw Drama or DnroBui. Matiuee at 1)$.
OLYMPIC THEATRE, Broaaway.? The Hai.lbt Pan
tomime or Homftx Dumpty. Matinee at 2.
RTEINWAY HALL, Fourteenth etreet.? Obatobio or
TUB Meshiah.
THIRTY-FOURTH STREET THEATRE, near Third are
oue.? Neobo Kocbntbioitieb, Voo alums, An. Manure
BROOKLYN ACADEMY OP MUSIC, Montague etreet
Masks ani> Faceb.
PARE THEATRE, oppoelte City Hall, Brooklyn Bebta,
tub Mioubt. Matinee.
MRP. r. B. CONWAY'8 BROOKLYN THEATRE.?
t-BBiocs Family, Ao. Matinee? Oubs.
UNION SQUARE THEATRK. Fourteenth it. and Broad
fray Neubo Aot#-Bubi.kb<icb, Ballet, Ac. Matiuee
OLORE THEATRE. 7? Broadway. -NBttBO EocBNTBI
CITibb, Bcblbbqdbs, Ac. Matiuee at i.
THRATRE COMIQUE, 614 Rroadway COMIO VOCAL
l?MB, Negro Alia, Ao. Matinee at 2)6.
SAN FRANCISCO MINSTREL HALL. 6*5 iroadway.
Vub 8am Kranolboo Minstrels. Matinee at 2.
RRT ANT'S NEW OPRRA HOUSE, 331 at., between fU
And 7th are.? Beta.-it'i MiwgTuti.a. Matiuee at J.
TONT PASTOR'S OPERA HOU8E. No. 901 BowSry.
Kbobo Eocbmbicitiks, Bi/rlebuceb, Ao. Matiue at 2.
IfBW YORK CIRCUS, Fourteenth etreet. 8CBNBB lli
rtiM Roto. Acbouatb, AO. Matinee at SJ?.
V.DR, BARN'S ANATOMICAL MUSEUM, 745 Broadway
SOIAHOB AMD ABT.
POMKRYILLE ART OALLEEY, W Fifth arenne?CAT
Xw'n Iwolaw Cartoons.
TRIPLE SHEET.
New York, Thursday, November 30, 1S71.
CONTESTS OF TO-DAY'S HKltALO,
1?AGS.
t t? Advertisements.
2? Advertisements.
3? The Grand Hall to tbc Qr&ml Duke Alexis at
the Academy of Music.
4? City Complexities The Legal Movements
Against Mayor Hall and His Contemplated
Arrest; Mr. Tweed and Ills Property; Judge
Bedford Determined 10 Bring the Guilty to
Justice? The Reform Movement in Brooklyn?
Heeling of the Board of Health? An lugeutous
Forger? Lecture by the Rev. Thomas Guard
on "The Tendencies of the Age and the
JMble"? The Political Outlook- The Dear
Mutes? The Big Fight To Day What the Siay
at- Homes Think of Mate an.l cobarn?
"Woman's Rights'' Wrong? Shocking Railroad
Accident? The Governor of Mississippi
Resigned.
Thanksgiving: The Origin and Celebration of
the Festival; a Day Bright with Happy Mem
ones; Grand Rejoicings Among the Poor, the
rniortunate and the Criminals; To Day's
Programme? Proceedings in tho Courts?
Another Sewing Machine Dodge? Adler's
Tmmiations A Strange Couicidcace? The
Battle Over the Bible: The Excitement in
Long Island City? More Reckless Driving? a
Sneak 'thief Arrested? Another Robbery ai
Titlany's? Horse Notes? Further Consolida
tion In Jersey? A tonicssed Thief? Fruit from
the Mediterranean.
C? hditorials: Leading Article, "Thanksgiving
Dav? The President's Proclamation and tho
?Dav We Celebrate' Amusement Announce
ments.
7? European Cable Telegrams? News from Wash
ington?Winter's Warnings Miscellaneous j
Telegrams? Personal Intelligence? Business I
Notices.
8? Eclectic Murderers: Some of the Secrets of a I
I'ltlladelpliiaii Nest of legalized guuekery? I
The Diamond Murder? llie Condition of
Persia? The Internationals: Meeting of the I
Central Committee and officers of the Inter- i
national Workingnien's Association- Scot
land's Saint- The Quaker City-Roberts, the
Robber? The National Board of Trade?
Forelgu Miscellaneous Items and 1'ersonal
Gowip.
0? The Shooting of Alderman Stewart, of Brooklyn:
lie Is si ill in a Critical Condition? The Falling
Building Casualty? Kunus for ttie Plre snf. i
ferers? Kluanciai aim Commercial Reports?
Domestic Markets? Furopean Markets? City
Covernment? Marriages and Deaihs.
10? A Sorrow lul Story: A French i-idy of Refine
ment and Kaucatlou Destroys Herself to Avoid
a Life ol shame? The Andrew Jackson club?
Connolly Caged Tne riiilllcothe tragedy?
Shipping Intelligence? Ad verttseuieuts.
J1? Advertisements.
Va- Advertisements.
The Three Great "Ghands" of the j
Hour The Grand D'ike, Judge Bedford's
IJrand Jury and the Grand Ceulral Ilailway j
depot.
The Cincinnati Common Council are
lakina; measures to secure ;h? meeting of the
National Conventions in that city. "First
catch your hare," &c.
The Intkiinationals of Nuw Your, or, as
some persons term them, propagandists of
socialism, held a meeting last ni^ht to con
sider what should be done in reference to the
fate of General Rossel in Paris. As might be
Anticipated, M. Thiers was accused of iotriga
iog to restore Napoleon to power and blast
the existence of republicanism.
Tni Wall Street Brokers, wbo made a
holiday of the election in order to concen
trate their energies on the slaughter of the
tiger, ring and all, will to-day devote those
lame energies to the demolition of turkey, and
fire over for the nonce all interest in "the
market," which closed yesterday for a full ob
servance of the Thanksgiving holiday.
Prince Bismarck's health does not im- I
prove. lie is still Invalided, and was, conse-
quently, unable to attend the opening of the
Prussian Diet. The Premier of Germany al- j
most anticipate* time, so that it may be laid
lie lives longer in a year titan ordinary men.
His system of braiuwork has been of a most j
exhaustive nature during the past half do/.en
years, and the great statesman is thus really
old al Bfly-eigbt..
PUCSBIAN SOLUtERB MURDERED IN
Prance. Prussian soldiers serving in the
bostaged districts of France are assassi
nated? many of them, it is s-.kid? by the
French. So it is charged in Berlin. The
perpetrators of the murders escape with im
punity. The Prussian press demands that the
War Office anthc Lies adopt the most ener
getic measures in otd.r to stop such outrages.
The call will be endoised universally. We
are astonished it was left to the press to make
it, or that it was necessary to be made at all,
Considering the exact degree of care with
which military affairs are uiauaged in Prussia.
I TktakiflTtni MX? T*>? Pr?wi4cat'a ProrU.
?union and "l>?jr We Celrbnir."
With the tlrciing seasons the good time draws near
Of litfcnfcs for all the blessings of the year.
Ita trurnfred fruits behold on every han l;
Jru s 'tis Hull I Columbia, happy laud."
our industry rewardeu-East and West.
And North and South, on every hand conress'd,
mi ample stores? we are supremely oiest.
e are in peace, thank Uod, with all the nations,
we enjoy at home the same relations,
Save here and there some fighting Indian bucks.
And, "way down South," the horrible Ku Mux.
8ome of 119 hare suirered there should be
From all the rest an active sympathy,
And resignation to the win of Heaven,
And gratitude for all Its mercies given.
Therefore, good people of the United States,
V hue i'eace and I'lenty reign within your gates,
I do proclaim, and you will p!ease remember,
That on the thirtieth day of this November,
*our thanks, with hearts uplifted to the sky,
You numbly offer up lo the Most High.
And then, be the day dry, or wet, or murky,
You all sit down to your Thanksgiving turkey.
rresiatnt Grant's Proclamation.
Second Edition.
The day has come, and, with a sharp touch
of Jack Frost, It comes in the good old Pu.
ritan style, including a whiff of snow upon
the hills from Cape Cod to San Francisco and
from the New to the "Old Dominion." And
it will or ought to be, a happy day throughout
the country. Aud we like the enlargement of
the institution to a national holiday. It cornea
down to us from Moses and the children of
Israel in the Wilderness. It was brought over
to America by the Pilgrim Fathers-those
hard-headed old biblical expounders of the
law, whose highest embodiments of piety and
Pluck were "Old Noll" and "Praise-God
Barebones. la the proclamation of Wash
ington, in 1789, of a day of national thanks,
giving for the happy establishment of the
constitution of the United States, we have the
inauguration of this institution as a national
affair with the inauguration of our national
government. But Washington's example was
not followed np, and from the beginning of the
slavery agitation down to our Southern re
bellion Thanksgiving Day was tabooed south
of the Susquehanna as "a hypocritical
laukee invention;" and so wide was the dis
agreement between the two sections concern
ing it that the peril of combining the South
with the North in a Yankee thanksgiving was
carefully avoided by our Presidents.
But the Christmas and New Year's social
pastimes of the English Cavaliers, established
in Virginia by her first settlers and thence
hroughout the South, wero a thousand times
better lor purposes of honest piety or social
enjoyments than your old cold Puritan Thanks
giving. Now, however, Thanksgiving Day
with "all the modern improvements," warmed'
softened and refined as a day of social re!
unions, is as well adapted to the fighting
General Quattlebaum of South Carolina as lo
the psalm-singing Aminadab Sleek of old witch I
burning Salem. But we apprehend that the
dead issues or dead ashes of the war are still
too full of burning coals in the South to jus
tify the hope that our brethren in that section
will this day be very thankful for all their
mercies, or very cordial in the endorsement of
General Grant's proclamation. Their late
system of African slavery, with their social
castes and institutions and their political ideas
and power resting upon slavery-institu
tions aud dogmas of two hundred years of
cultivation? have been too suddenly torn out
by the roots for the deep wounds made
quickly to heal. The living generation, at
least, must pass away before the white race of
South Carolina can heartily join with Massa
chusetts in a thanksgiving on the new order of
things. Years must yet elapse before even
the Southern blacks can be acclimated to
this Yankee innovation. And yet, as now i
established, it is a most excellent national in
stitution for reconciling and harmonizing all
sections, races and creeds of the American
people and your turkey lo a genuine Ameri
can bird.
We bear, in the next place, that the Saints
and Gen tiles at Great Salt Lake will be
?cry enthusiastic in this Thanksgiving. Their
High Priest, President and Propbet, loaving
behind him twenty-nine wives and seventy-six
children, is on his travels, and the minions of
the law are after him for "lewd and lascivi
ous conduct," and even upon charges of
murder; and so bis return to bis beloved
disciples is almost as uncertain as the return
of bailey, Garvey or Ingrreoli. Then, again,
with the snow six feet deep upon a level and
from twenty to forty feet deep in their moun
tain defiies, the S lints of Utah and the Gou
tiles will, doubtless, Ibis day be as short of
I visitors as they are of turkeys. And so it
may be said of all those new mining States and
Territories from the eastern flunk of the Rocky
I Mountains to the plains of California. But
still at Salt Like they are in for a good
time; and we "reckon" that our Western
miners, adventurers and trapperB, in many a
cosey shanty and uproarious saloon, with their
wild game and wilder modes o! thanksgiving,
will inake a jolly day of It in their variations
/rom the old Salem ritual. Meantime, we are
glad to learn that General Grant's Quaker
Peace Commissioners may be relied upon to
provide their Indians with a good thanksgiv
ing dinner, barring the whiskey.
The unfortunate people of Chicago aud of
those Western forests and prairie settlements
laid waste by fire will, we venture the opinion,
of all our people most devoutly thank a mer
cit ul Providence this day for the blessings
they enjoy in the generous outpourings of
i e!ief upon tbem from au area extending from
the Sacramento River to the Hudson, from
the Hudson across the ocean to tbe Thames,
from the Thames to the Rhine and the Elbe,
and from these to the Danube. It is in these
widely extended manifestations of fraternal
charity, resulting from these disastrous fires,
that the whole Civilized world might properly
join in this day of thanksgiving, as marking
the latest and tbe brightest development of
the onward and upward progress of the age
we live in the age of tbe newspaper press,
the steam engine and tbe telegraph, and the
age of our imperial Tbankgiving turkey.
And yet tt?e people of New York, city and
State, will this day enjoy their Thanksgiving
turkeys with a satisfaction unparalleled since
i that memorable April day when, with the news
I ol the fall of Richmond, our "bulls," "bears,"
"spread-eagles," "lame docks" and money
cbiin^ers a mighty throng? joined in singing
"Old Hut.drcd" in Wall street. Have we not
occasion to be devoutly thankful, and to eat
aud give a double allowance of toast turkey,
with all the trimmings, this blessed day t Is
not that lato terrible, despotic and ravenous
Tammany Ring broken up (hat awful Ring,
with its cave of tha "forty thieves," lined
with sacks of gold and bales of greenbacks
and boxes of diamonds that imperial Ring,
which could bny Legislatures when it failed
to elect them, which distributed its charities
by thousands of dollars, including turkeys
*>y the cartload, while stealing the public
money by millions? Have we not occasion
to be thankful that the Ring thieves hare been
expelled from their cave that the door of the
cave is locked against them, and that Mr.
Green has the key? Are we not justified in
an extra turkey, with something extra to wash
it down, wfth the prospect of the good time
coming under a new city charter, which will
enable us to live at a reduction of ten per cent
on the costs of the Tammany rfgime, witb its
diamond weddings and Americus Clubs? Oh,
there is nothing to compare with the delicious
unction of this New York Thanksgiving, un
less it is the swelling satisfaction of King Vic
tor Emmanuel over his Italian Parliament, at
last established in Rome.
Fiually, while New York may rejoice ex
ceedingly in the downfall of the Tammany
Ring, may not the whole country be thankful
for the glorious prospect before us of still an
other new departure by the democracy, on
the Presidential platform of Horace Greeley
and free trade Well, wo live in an ago of
miracles, and so we drop the subject, wishing
to our vast constituency of readers, each and
all, a plentiful supply of roast turkey for the
family circle and some for the destitute neigh
bor or stranger at the gate, that he, too, may
join in the general thanksgiving.
Valmnst'du'n Barbarity? Tho Mont AtrocloM
Crime of the Age.
Nothing has occurred in modern times and
among what are called civilized people so
atrocious as tho shooting of the eight young
students at Havana for having violated, or, a9
the telegraphic despatch says, for having de
molished the grave of Gonzalo Castafion.
Let the volunteers of Cuba call this act of the
students a crime if they will, and claim that it
had a political significance, which few will be
disposed to admit yet no one will pretend to
say that the offence was a capital one or called
for such an extreme penalty. The execution of
these young men was simply murder? murder
moat cruel and revolting. There was nothing
but savage vengeance in the bloody deed.
There was no regard for law, jus
tice or the opinion of the civilized
world. Such an act committed by a savage
or semi-civilized people would be execrated
from one end of Christendom to the other, and
the perpetrators would, in all probability, be
severely punished by one or more of the Chris
tian nations. Such brutal inhumanity is not
tolerated wherever and by whomsoever com
mitted, cxcept in Cuba and by the bloodthirsty
volunteers. These wretches and the infamous
revolutionary government under their control
which has possession of Cuba now are per
mitted to do what savages would not without
punishment. The government of Spain? yes,
the so-called liberal government of King Ama
deus is equally guilty in permitting these
atrocities. This bloody outrage is, too, but
one of many like it that are being per
petrated continually in Cuba under the
revolutionary government of the volun
teers. Neither these volunteers, under
the butcher Valmaseda, nor the gov
ernment of Spain, care about the tame and
formal protests ol the United States. They
laugh at them, make some sort of lame ex
planation or apology, and then go on to repeat
similar atrocities. What is the mysterious in
fluence at Washington that makes our govern
ment so blind to the horrible state of things in
Cuba and so tender towards the cruel and
treacherous government of Spain The very
tone of the correspondence from Washington to
the press on this subject of the brutal murder of
the students shows that there is either a bale
ful influence at work or that the administra
tion is disgracefully timid. Such a crime
against humauity and tho civilization of the
age, right on our border and among an
American population, ought to arouse the in
dignation of the people and government of
this republic. The Spaoish government in
Madrid received the news of the executions
yesterday. The capital was profoundly
moved by the intelligence. A Cabinet Council
was convened immediately and the Ministers
engaged in the preparation of despatches for
Havana. The Mene steamship, which was to
have sailed from Cadiz for the Antilles, was
detained for twenty-four hours by executive
order. Amadeus is called to treat a matter of
the most sad interest.
The Prince of Wales' Illsews.? The phy
sicians in attendance on the Prince of Wales
issufd a bulletin at six o'clock yesterday even
ing, which stated that His Royal Highness
"passed a quiet day." This news was partic
ularly satisfactory at. the moment, owing to
the fact that the mind of the people was not
assured agreeably by the morning report of
the doctors as to the progress and phases of
the fever during the night, from Tuesday even
ing to daybreak. The first statement said
there was no change in th? condition
of the patient, but that the fever was
not so severe, and the Prince had gained
strength by sleep. The words no change
left the public uneasy, until they were re
lieved by the publication of the later and
more decisive words from Sandringhara. The
Prince may tide over the crisis of the disease
to-day. A cable telegram dated in London at
midnight informs us that there was "no
change to note in the condition of the Prince"
at the early moment of this morning. This is
not exactly encouraging. He holds his own
but the disease has been active and is still
malignant la its attack.
The PorE Submits, bdt Still Protests.?
On Tuesday an address was presented to tho
Holy Father. The address necessitating a
reply gave the Pope an opportunity to touch
upon the situation. The Pop.) stands firm on
the rock. Why should lie not The rock can
not be removed. Why should he? The good
old man, bewildered somewhat by this a^e of
telegraphs and railroads and nationalities and
races, is perplexed; but his faith in the ulti
mate triumph of the Church is unwavering.
The Church in the end, he says, must tri
umph and he protests against yll ideas of
compromise with the rulers ol Italy. It is
well, we think, that while the Podo molests
tin ftiibmits. 1
The Prlnrr'n Bull nt The Academy*
The upp?r-tendom of Now York society has
not had so delicious an occasion of expanding
its beautiful butterfly wings as it had at the
Academy last night since the Prince of Wales
tripped the light fantastic in its honor.
Princes are very rare and precious in this
country, and among even our first society
a prince is a prize, though he may
have no throne or reigning family to
set off bis bright prospective. The Princes
Albert and Arthur of Great Britain were
highly valued as society blossoms on
their visits here, although the dazzling mag
nificence of their reigning house was inefface
ably stained by the sooty trade marks of an
on-marching republicanism, which had long
ago commenced stripping all there was of
tinsel and grandeur from these make-believe
prinoes. But when a true Prince of Russia,
a son of the despotic Czar one of the real
genuine monarchs before whom subjects pros
trate themselves when such a Prince as this
comes among our society people what enter
tainment too gorgeous can we get up for him
He is none of your republican princes, hedged
in and hampered by constitutions or councils.
He is a genuine prince of the fairy tale kind,
beautiful as Amabel, brave as Richard, gen
erous as the good King Arthur, and with that
unlimited power and perfectly irresponsible
rule of action which only princes in fairy
tales or princes in Russia possess. He is a
prince not only in family, in rank, ia tho
greatness of his suite and in his decorations
as any royal born scion might be, but he is
also a prince in stature, a kingly young fel
low among his fellow men a combination and
a form, indeed, which have been exceedingly
rare in our experience of princes. With this
unusual combination of good qualities
blended in the prince it is not to be
wondered at that our society people have
stretched every point to make tho grand ball
to the Grand Duke such an affair as Cinde
rella's ball could not have equalled and let
us pardon the ladies, too, if they have enter
tained a vague, fleeting notion that they
might losejust such a magical slipper ther^
and have just such a match-making adventure
as the little ash girl had in the famous fairy
story.
The magnificence of the ball is more fully
described in our columns elsewhere than we
need to describe it here. It was a grand
display of jewelry and diamonds, a stately
movement of handsome necks and shoulders,
a charming jumble of handsome faces, bright
eyes and pearly teeth. Rich silks and satins
rustled in the promenade, while gorgeous
diplomatic costumes and army and navy uni
forms moved in grand state alongside. Trains
that had cost modistes tears of agony to com
plete in time were recklessly flung by their
fair owners during the danoe under the rend
ing heels of uniformed cavaliers. Diamonds
that bad never sparkled in company before
that might, indeed, have been dug out of
Golconda especially for this occasion were
torn ruthlessly from their places among the
costly laces in the whirl of the waltz. Among
those untitled citizens who hare no claim to
gold lace or bullion the tailor's art in the per
fection of full dress had been driven to its ut
most, while gold, silver, medals, stars, deco
rations and swords were as thick as leaves in
V allainbrosa.
The young Prince moved about, observed
and admired, not by fair eyes alone, but by
manly ones, too. 11c opened the bail with
Mrs. Governor HoifmaD a piece of good taste,
and, possibly, of winning diplomacy for which
this sensible young Russian deserves ad
ditional commendation. Iu the midst of all
the gayety which encounters him, as a duti
ful son he has not forgotten the injunctions of
his father, the Czar, relative to the mission
which the Herald recently made public, and
while pleasing himself personally in the choice
of so fair a partner he made a neat diplo
matic point by recognizing in his choice the
supremacy of the State, which we hold greater
than Czar or Kaiser. Especially is this true
in view of the fact that no city government
was there officially represented that the great
magnates of the municipality who toasted
Albert of Wales and Tommy of Japan in
years gone by were conspicuously ab
sent another happy result of the late
crushing war upon Tammany, and that
Governor Hoffman and his lady were alone
present to represent the executive branch
of our State government. With the early
hours of morning the dancing ended, the
Prince departed, and every lovely belle who
bad been preparing months before for the
occasion retired, hopeful even after the bril
liant scene had disappeared like a dream that
her own little gla-s slipper might even yet be
in the possession of the Prince, and that the
crier would soon come, calling for her to try
it on.
News from China and Japan. -By tele
graph from San Francisco we have a news
report from Cliina and Japan, duted at Hong
Kong on the 20th of October and Yokohama
on the 3d of November. The intelligence is
not of an important character. The Japanese
and foreigners in Japan commented with some
surprise on the withdrawal of the United States
expedition to Corea. It is evident that much
hope was entertained by the foreign population
in both the Asiatic empires that their interests
were about to be benefited by a vigorous
display of the American banners, sustained by
a vigorous eastern policy directed from Wash
ington. It was reported that the Coreans
bad attacked the Japanese settlement on the
island of Tausinia. The Japanese Ambassa
dors to China returned home dissatisfied.
The members of the aristocracy of Japan
were disposed to be exceedingly troublesome
to the government, even in their humiliation
of rank and class privileges. Rice was un
usually plentiful. The railroad and telegraph
works were still in progress, but not by any
means completed, in Japan.
The Alabama State Journal (republican;
adopts a novel method to get the ear or eye of
General Grant. It publishes a three column
editorial addressed "to the President," and
advising him of the condition of the Union
republican party of Alibama. The writer
conclud's by stating, "We shall await pa
tiently for the President to give us advice."
If the President has the patiencn to peruse the
homily it will be about as much as could be
reasonably expected of him. To ^ive advice
thoreupou is asking rather too uuoh*
The Famine and Atmroliy In Perala.
To tho terrible calamity which has fallen
on the inhabitants of Persia must be added the
misfortunes of revolution. Discontent pre
vails generally throughout the country, the
Shah personally is unpopular and his govern
ment reviled. lie is incompetent as a ruler
and unequal to the heavy responsibility which
rests upon him. A short time since be left bis
palace in the capital to go on a hunting ex
cursion, utterly oblirious to the fact that his
people were suffering and that his presence
was needed at the seat of government. The
desire for psrsonal indulgence, however, was
more potent than the appeals of suffering
humanity, and he departed on an expedition of
pleasure, leaving the management of State
affairs to an unpopular regent and the people
at the mercy of a mutinous army. The people
were maddened almost to despair, and revolu
tionary displays ensued, so much so that on
his return he, in fear of personal violence,
repaired to a summer palace, instead of taking
up his residence in the capital. The peoplo
gathered in thousands round the palace in the
capital, uttering seditious cries and making
rebellious demonstrations. These may bo but
the precursors of other outbreaks, which will
result more disastrously in tho near future.
Winter is approaching and the grain supplies
are almost exhausted. Bad as have beon the
scenes recently witnessed, when in and about
the city and country of Meschid, for example,
over eighty thousand persons perished from
famine and disease, worse will in all
probability ensue during the winter months.
Tho cholera, also, as if to add to the calamity
of the Persians, prevails throughout the land,
and in almost every instauco with fatal
results.
Southern Papers on ttao Presidential Situ
ation.
Our Southern democratic and conservative
contemporaries appear to be generally in favor
of fusion on the subject of the next Presi
dency. The Richmond Whig is quite positive
in i s declarations. It says
II there ever wns a time when all minor consider,
fctlous, all questions 01 mere policy, should oe
dropped or postponed, in order id inu lonuation of
ft great patriotic combination to elect au able, hon
est, law-abiding President to expel the thieves who
are plundering the people aud roobing the Treasury;
to put an end to the war; to give peace auu tran
quillity to the coantry; to restore habeas corpus; 10
allay sectional jealousy aud striie, aud to restore tue
government to the constitut.oual track, that time is
now. We cannot couceivo that meu wno have such
groat aud benellcent objects tu view can per
mit difference* iu regard to tne tariff or to any other
question ol mere policy to separate theui. Let all
such questions be sunk out oi siuht while we are
lighting the great battle ol' the coustliutiou against
usurpation, of honesty against corruption, ol liberty
against despotism. To deieat Uraut and radicalism
is Hie great aim, and in order to secure thai well
may we waive ail other questions.
The Mobile llegister is not hotly pressing for
a straight out democrat as the standard bearer,
as it was some time since. It now says
There is little doubt of the earnestness ol the wish
01 the Scliurz, Uratz Urowu aim lireeiey republicans
to deieat drant's nomination llrst, aud next ills
election. It is plain that they canuot do it by them
selves canuot do it at all? without the corllal co
operation 01 the democracy. There is a line held
here lor diplomacy in tne construction or a treaty
ol alliance, offensive aud dctensive, between tue
two. Wnere the des're is so strong on one side,
and the interest equally strong on the other, aud
the public weal so deeply involved, a satisiactory
coalition is a possible ir not a probable achieve
ment.
The Knoxville Whig (more or less under
the inspiration of Senator Brownluw) gives
publicity to the following
The elements of opposition to Grant, in the repub
lican ranks, continue to grow more active daily.
Tne near approach or conKress? irom whicn time
the pot will begin to boil in earnest? quickens
pubi c anxiety tlirougliout tne country, an I gn?s
zest to every outglvmg iroui Wasuiugtou on the
subject.
The fight against Grant seems up-hill work.
But there is no disguising the wishes of the
Southern papers in the premises.
I Tiik Speakership of the Assembly. This
subject is being widely discussed by our inte
rior exchanges. The Buffalo Express favors
Mr. Alberger, of that city. The Mohawk Val
ley Register would have Henry Smith, of
Albany, or Thomas G. Alvord, of Onondaga.
The Montgomery Republican also favors
Henry Smith. The Troy Times Bays "no
man about whom there is the slightest suspi
cion in respect to his legislative integrity aud
his constant fidelity to his party in the trying
times of the last two sessions of the Legisla
ture ought to be Speaker." This may hit
hard some aspirants already spoken of. The
Malone Palladium says the Speaker should
represent no clique or faction, but is favorable
to the election of Henry Smith. We are in
clined to think that our country contempora
ries need not trouble themselves much about
the Speakership. Tbut matter is very likely
to be settled in caucus, uuder compromises
calculated to heal, as far as possible, the dis
sensions among the republicans in the Stat<\
The Mayor of Devil's Bluff, Ark., has
invited Duke Alexis to enjoy the freedom of
tliat frontier city. Alexis is probably not de
sirous of going in that direction just at pre
sent at least not until the present, round of
festivities in his honor is over.
When Shall We Three Meet Again??
The Boston Advertiser states that W. B.
Wnshburn, Governor elect, Horace Greeley
and G< orge B. Loring were ai the State House
in that city on the 28th instant.
Something of a Controversy is going on
in certain newspapers as to who was the first
to nominate Tom Scott for the Presidency.
It appears to havo been first made in one of
Scott's railroad workshops at Altoona, Pa.
It was, therefore, evidently made in the house
of his friends, and the support of the Cin
cinnati Enquirer w as really not intended
as a joke.
Tiie Providence Journal of yesterday con
tains a voluminous report of the Committee of
Investigation appointed by the Senate on mo
tion of Senator Sprague, of Rhode Island, to
inquire into certain charges preferred against
him and others by the Judge Advocate Gen
eral of the United States Army in 1805 rela
tive to alleged intercourse with the enemy
during the war of the rebellion. The investi
gation is to bo resumed.
The New Government Buildings ani> Im
provements. The supervising architect to
the government has just made a lengthy and
exhaustive report upon the uumerous public
buildings now in course of construction in
various parts of the United States. From the
manner in which he writes on these matters it
is evident he has made tho most minute cal
culations, and practically studied tho ques
tions of cost of material and labor. Hence
the subject matter published in another
column will prove more than ordinarily inter
esting.
Ttie City Complication!*? Comixrollcr Cti'
uolly la Ludlow Street Jill.
Rumor was busy and excitement was at
fevar heat yesterday on the subject of our city
complications, but when tbo few fa?ts had
been extracted from the liberal supply of fic
tion by our vigilant and active reporters it.
was found that no material change had taken
place in any of the main features, except that
ex-Comptroller Connolly, after vigorous efforts
had been made to secure the necessary amount
of bail, and had all proved futile, was trans
ferred to the common County Jail and tjbere
incarcerated. The injunction obtained from
Judge Brady to prohibit Tweed from disposing
of his property until after tho decision of tha
pending suit brought by the Attorney General
of the State through Charles O'Conor waa
generally discussed and approved; but as
Tweed is kuown to have been turuing all hia
real estate, railroad shares and other securi
ties into cash for several weeks past, the
chances are that the movement on the part
of the people comes too lata. Tbe Committee
of Seventy appear to have got into a
muddle, and are endeavoring to break up
their sub-committee on legislation and to take
the drafting of a charter into their own hands.
In the meantime the work before the Grand
Jury goes steadily on, Jud;e Bedford having
extended the term of tbe General Sessnms to
tbe 18th December. The otbor startling ru
mors of arrests and resignations with which
the air was filled yesterday afternoon were
simply tho productions of imaginative minds
and bad no foundation in fact.
Tiib Ministerial Crisis in Brussels.?
Little people as well as big people get into
trouble. It is not otherwise with little States
and big States. We have bad of late Cabinet
crises in London, in Vienna, in Madrid. Now
we have one in Brussels. It is gratifying to
know that the Cabinet crisis in Brussels is but
little likely to lead to a European -^ftr or
universal conflagration. Still this little
trouble in Brussels Snows tliat Mm Bohr lan
people are lively and wide awake as to their
interests and tbeir power. The healthful
effect of this popular vigilance is shown in
the fact that the Ministry tendered its resig
nation to the King of the Belgians yesterday
and that His Majesty accepted. His Majesty
draws closer to the liberals. The citizens of
Ghent have undertaken to deliver a hint to
the Crown in the shape of an indirect nomi
nation of Jules Btira, the reformer, for a lead
ing position in the national Council. The
European democracy bccomes more animated
daily.
Philadelphia is Beoominq Quite Sensa
tional. Yesterday the case of ex-City Treas
urer Marcer was betore the Court of Common
Pleas, and Judge Paxson, true to the cause of
reform, rendered a judgment against the pecu
lating official for the full amount of the defal
cations discovered by the Auditors, This
judgment covers the trifling amount of four
hundred and seventy-eight thousand dollars,
which, it appears, Marcer has not promised to
pay. Late in the evening, and while the
aforesaid suit was being discussed by
the citizens, a report was circulated that
a culvert on Tenth street had sunk
and again, scarcely was this piece
of information swallowed when another
report came to hand that a large hole ten feet
in diameter, and apparently without a bottom,
was discovered in the same neighborhood. lu
the latter place it was stated that the rushing
of water or something lika it could be dis
tinctly heard, but how far it was off or what
liquid it was could not be discovered. Verily,
strange things happen nowadays, but it would
be scarcely consistent to believe that the city
of saints was built over some important oil
springs, or that, like the report recently of
Scranton, it was about to seek other quarters.
The Republican National Convention.
The editor or the Baltimore American whe
is a member of the Republican National Com
mittee, issues a proclamation on his own
account, through the columns of his paper,
that he will introduce in that committee at
its meeting in Washington in January next a
resolution recommending republicans in all
the States to refrain from sending federal
office-holders as delegates to the Repub
lican National Convention. This is evi
dently a movement intended to head tho
great national and general reform agitation of
the day, and make it take shape for the benefit
Of the republicans in the next Presidential
campaign. But the spectacle of a national po
litical convention of either of the great parties
being held without the attendance of federal
ofllcc-bolders would hardly bo considered a
count in a reform indictment, drawn by even
so virtuous a body as our own Committee of
Seventy.
It is Usual in Massachusetts on Thanks*
giving Day to pardon the most meritorious
convicts in the Stato Prison. Singularly
enough, this practice has been the means this
year of creating a row ueiween the Warden of
the prison and the Governor, who, of course,
possesses the pardoning power. The Warden
recommended some prisoner for the exercise
of executive clcmency which the Oovemor
did not see fit to grant, Hence the Warden
threatens to resign, and the usual Thanksgiv
ing festivities in the State Prison of Massachu
setts this year are, unfortunately, likely to be
a little marred.
North Carolina Srnatoksiiip. The Rich*
mond Enquirer has seen a letter from ex-Gov
ernor Z. B. Vance, United States Senator elect
from North Carolina, in which he states that
it is simply bis intention to hold the position
of Senator until he can get a vote on his pe
tition for relief from his disabilities, and if
that vote is against him he will promptly re
sign. General J. C. Abbott, from New Hamp
shire, is working strenuously to retain his seat
against the positive wish of a majority of the
people of the State of his adoption.
An noNEST 44Cain." The Cbarlostoa
News states that ex-Senator Cain decline! to
be a candidate for the Legislature of South
Carolina, upon tho ground that he will not aid
the Ring iu any plans for plundering the
people of the State. This is highly honorable
on the part of Mr. Cain. Would there were
many other Cains of this kind in the political
arena. Tho sinister mark on tho forohead of
tho "oiiifiual Cain" w.ulit not then bo ao toe?
rible*