MONDAY/ NOVEMBER 18, 18il.
city”and*'VICINITY
.-V
New Adv«rliaeuieuN Xo-Day.
AUCTION COLUMN.
Furniture at Auction... .F. 0. Bailey Co.
liuariiiau Sale-Sarah K. Klat.h.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
The Martyr of Neglect.
Huydu Association..I.This Evening.
Artificial Teeth... .Dr Carlton Kimball.
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
I. A. E. A.... Assembly.
NKW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Tenements to Let... .TV. H. Jetris. 1
Notice. ...Curtis Davis.
Fish. ...Coilis Davis.
1. A. R. A... Social Meeting.
Commission Merchants....J. B. Hobbs Co.
Commissioners' Notice_Fred’k Fox.
t»upi ewe Judicial C ourt.
BLPORE JUDGE TAPLEY.
SaiURDAY.—Coffin, libellant, vsi Coffin. Libel
for divorce; cause desertion. D vorce decreed.
Ellen C. Merriman vs. Enos Merriman. Libel lor
divorce; cause dosertion. Divorce decreed.
Margaret Waters, Boses Call and another, som
piiiUAnt, tu equity, vs. the Knox Lincoln Rail
road Com pa»y. These bills in tquiiy are to compel
delendaut corporation to con struct a cattle, pass
across complainants’ la'ms in Newcastle. Defend
ant ordered to answer at the April term oi the court
at Wiscasset.
Biadhurye.
Henry T. Creswell 4et al". vs. Henry Thompson
Treasurer of the town ot Mercer. Petition tor an
injunction to prevent the (leTendant from paying out
money for the construction oi a school house, com
plahiantB claiming that it is beiug done without legaj
authority. Heard before Judge WaHuu. Injunction
granted.
Municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Saturday.—John Reardon; illegal tale of liquors.
Case continued.
Uriel J oil tug*.
Steam tug Warrior, Capt. Griflla, will teat
one of th£ Emery Cheucry Elastic Chain
Stoppers at the lower eml of Ceutral tvbart
this morning, at 10 o'clock. All interested in
shipping are requested to he present: Marine
inspectors are especially invited.
The new time-tables on the railroads go into
operation 10 day.
At the First Parish Church yesterday $200
was contributed for the benefit of Jtev. ltobeit
Collyer’s church at Chicago.
The Grand Trank llailway is running a
great many changeable guage freight cars be
tween Portland and the West. A pit has late
ly been constructed in the yard in this city by
which the guage of the cars is changed with
facility.
The effect* of the late Jonathan Morgan,
which were sold at auction on Saturday by
Coroner Gould, realized alrout $10.
Yesterday, the second Sunday in November,
beiDg set apart by the Y’oung Men's Chrjjtian
Associations as a day of prayer for God’s favor
and blessing en their work, it was observed by
special services by the Portland Association.
At the State street church yesterday the con
tribution lor the Congiegational churches in
Chicago amounted to $203. It is proposed to
make the amount up to $350.
The las. Maiue Central train over the Grand
Trunk road was run Saturday. As the noon
train was going out some one placed several
torpedoes on the track for a parting salnte.
The members of the Girls’ Library Associa
tion are reminded of the meeting at the Com
mon Council Boom at 3 o’cjock this afternoon.
Begular monthly mteting of the Common
Council this evening.
The first assembly in connection with Mr,
Gee’s dancing school will take place this eve
ning at the hall, corner of Brown and Con
gress streets.
Theodore Thomas will give one of his splen
did orchestral concerts in this city on the J5th
ol December.
An Estekpbisinu Cgmpast.—On account
of the snowstorm of Friday night the Boston
steamers did not make their usual trips that
evening. Since March these steamers have
nvarln tl.oS. n.n.1 fn i-. F .nlnriln
and until Ft iday night have not ioita single
trip from bad weather or lor any accident to
machinery, 'l'hia speaks well for the manage
ment of the line and shows the excellent con
ditiou in which the steamers are kept. It has
always been the aim of the managers to keep
them in every respect up to the highest stand
ard of excellenoe, aud no steame rs that float
surpass them in safety and comfort.
The steamers have all been provided with
donkey boilers for heating purposes, and are
nuesrsfuud tSuion4limit 1* j. ita.m, ihps insur
ing an equable and healthy tempeiature nigut
and day. Their new and admirably managed
laundry supplies their comfortable cabins aud
state rooms with well aired linen, in a manner
never before equalled, aud leave# nothing to
be desired on that point. Their well known
officers have a wide and well deserved reputa
tion among our citizens and the travelling
community at large, and the warm and com
fortable passage which they offer in the winter
is as tempting as the cool and refreshing sail of
a hot summer night. The line has been of in
calculable vatno to the city of Portland and
warmly deserves the patronage of the commu
nity. _
1 hr Saiasrilua Association.
At the annual meeting of the Samaritan As
sociation held Nov. 2d, ’71, the Secretary made
the following report:
Iu presenting the forty third annual report
to the public, we very gratefully aekuowledge
the kindness and liberality of our triends, who
have the past year in so many ways aided us in
orir good work and contributed so much to our
success. The urgent appeals from abroad
which you have so unsiiotingly met, assuresus
that our organization so loug sustain*d bv your
aid, the unwearied exertions ol Us uitmbers
will still be maintained aud encouraged. Re
member we have the‘poor always withes”
and the more we have to do with, the greater
good we can accomplish. We depend almost
entirely upon your gilts ol money and cloth
ing; our other resources being confined almost
entirely to subscription fees.
We can assure our friends that their assis
tance has been judiciously bestowed, aDd here
with exhibit our labois for the past year:—
Haring the ygar we bare held 17 meetings
wills an average attendance of 14, aud have
distributed 153 yards of priot, 150 yards ol cot
ton cloth, 33 1-3 yards of fl mnel, 255 new and
second-hand garments, 63 pairs of hoots, slices
and rubbers. We assisted one hundred famil
ies BLd many sick, aged aDd bereaved have felt
to praise you for your geuerotity aud us for
our labors. Again thanking our friends, aud
especially the papers lor their g-atutious publi
cations of our reports feto Ibis report is very
respectlully submitted.
Wus. T. Frank Jones, Secretary.
TREASURER'S STATEMENT, NOV. t, 1871.
Dr. Cb.
Paid cash orders,. .$237 87 Bat cash cn hand
tor good*. 87 47 Nov. 1, 1870. 59 69
t ools and shoes 85 74 Bui cash Worn re
tx[ c-ncesoi Ic- lie! lur.d. TOCO
vee. 64 19 Kee’d from do do.. 50 09
Cash on band. 137 83 tor goods- 17 91
Irom levee... 219 59
iCi.7 01 Irom member
ship. 36 76
work, dona
tions, &c. 50 38
i merest on
bond. 83 f 8
$1507 Ol
The following officers were elected for the
ensuing year: Mrs. J. W. Chase, President;
Mrs. Charles Fobes, Vice President; Mrs. C.
M. Plummer, Treasurer; Mrs. T. Frank Jones,
Secretary.^_
rape Kliaabcih Bridge.
To the Editort of the Prett
Very few persons are probably aware
ol the amount of travel over this bridge.
A responsible gentleman commenced
Friday morniog at 7 o’clock aud continued un
til 5 p. m., to take account of the foot passen
gers aud teams crossing the bridge, aed the fol
lowing is the result:
1570 foot passengers,
15J5 teams.
During the first three hours, from 7 to 10
o’clock there passed over 375 teams and 555 toot
passengers. At this season there is no pleas
ure travel, which no doubt would increase tho
number passing.
If you, Mr. Editor, have crossed this avenue
to the Cape, so important to Portland for its
business, you can estimate how much danger,
perplexity aud detention the railroad tracks
now laid over the approach have already caus
ed, some of them illegally. Before the city au
thorities shall grant the tight to lay dotvu more
obstructions at this point, let tho matter at
least be well considered. The present obstiuc
tions have been a great injury to Cape Eliza
beth, a sister community whose business aud
interest are almost one with those ol Portland;
and while 1 wish well to the railroad, we have
yet to learn that theie are other elements
which are to be protected and fostered if we
wish to buld up our city.
Thr reports of the Friday night’s snow-storm
indicate that the fall varied much in the difi'er
crent localities heard from. Lswiston reports
a foot, Bruuswiclt and Bangor eight inches,
Farmiugtou three inches aud Live-more Falls
five. At Great Falls,N. H., a foot is roportej
seven inches at Concord, eleveu at Plymoutt
and four at Lisbon.
Gorham Seminart.—The Trustees of Gor
ham Seminary have secured the so. vices
George W. Bodge A. M., recont'y concede,
with Gou'd’s Academy, iiethel. He will tak
charge of the Seminary as ptiucira1, uud wil
open the school, with a competent list c
teachers ou Tuesday, Dec. 8ili, with very flat
teriug prosptqfe of success.
»r. CirisJj no Fri’dinnnd PiulOr.
This omiuent physician ano scholar, who h \t
.jU9t (iieii iu mir m.l.-t, dosei vcd, to ns,
a mote pattij^ul ir blHgvapbiCtf! nVhiftion than
vvo rcmc!^n*Vlo h*Y«*ieeu in any 0* our con
1 teinpoi liitf lip* wa* *umev. hat remark ir
b!p, audit it ton Id be ftfriy wiiiteu would be
va#t|y ontentaiuing.
He wu9 born iu Belz’c, Saxony, iu the then
Kingdom of Pi u-sia, tn 1805. The male meni'
bera ol his immediate family bad. bn n fihysi
olaus for four g oieraHo'js. and his lather was
Surgeon of the King’s body gaaid. The l>ov
was able to narrate many things jouuycted
with the terrible wars of the First Napo eon,
aud told with much iuterest his remembran
ces of the bloody field oT Xeipsic, hi* father
having taken him <*ver that terrible battle
ground. His education was most rig.Uly at*
tended to from the first, mostly under private
tutors. At tiie age of fourteen he entered the
College at Potsdam, and upon graduating be
wenttothe Univiirsity of Berlin, from whence
he graduated in 1828, at the age of twenty
three. From his earliest sudent life he had
been devoted to the study ot Natural Sciences,
of which Botany was, perhaps, his greatest de
light. The next fow years of his life, after leav
ing the University ol Berlin, lie spent in at
tending medical lectures and iu ti a veiling, de
voiing oue year to explorations among the
Hartz Mountains. About this time lie was
appointed upou a tcientific expedition for
exploring in Africa, under tun auspices of tin
University which be had just lefr, and which
was made up under the advice of Humbolt, but
he did not go. Soon auotuer of like character
was designated for the Bast indies, to consist
of himself and lour others, but bis father ob
jected so seriously to the son’s going away from
home, that this one, too, had to be given tip,
aud thus the especial desire of the young man
was not to be gratified. He then resolved to
settle down at home, and so entered upon the
practice of Uis profession in Hamburg, where
he remained ten yens, and nntil the death of
h a father. Immediately alter this event, which
.seemed to remove the restraint that had kept
him froui travelling, he was selected with lour
other Berhu graduates to make certain'explor
ations in Mexico. He did not start, however,
wiih the rest, being compelled to remain to
settle his father’s estate, and was to join the
others at Ga!vesfou, Texts. Ue arrived there
in 1842,.aud the first man be met was General
Sam Houston, from whom ho learned of the
death of all the other members of the party.—
But though left alone be pushed forward and
made veryr1 borough studies under the propos
ed plan, and tbeu weut to Now Orleans. From
the latter p’ace it se ins that he proposed to
make bis Jong cherished trip to the East Iu
d^fs, but had Jo forego it in consequence of
l^arniltrT tilt? l»ld i.f nrnriurln in iv ni/.li _
invested before leaving home. He was here
persuaded by a New York gentleman to take a
trip North and see something more ot the coun
try before going tuck, and he finally came to
New York, where he mst the celebrated Doc
tor Hoileudale, whom he had known at home,
and who was then practising fo Bos
ton. Doctor Hoffendale persuaded him
to accompany him to Boston to assist
him in his practice and to perfect himself i u
the language. How long he studied tliere is
uot remembered now, but he spent several
months in Bostou'aud New Bedford, when, by
the obauce of making the acquaintance of
some Portland people who ware Dr. Hsff-n
daie’s patients, chief among whom was tire
late Mr. Win. O. Mitchell, he was iDduced to
come here and settle, which he did more than
a quarter of a century ago, and where Oe lived
and practiced his profession, winning as lend a
place iu the confidence and the love ot his pa
tients as ever physician did.
He was a sensitive, modest mac, who m ide
little show of the varied learning he passes e
and who, though sometimes denominated
quack end pretender, nfVer showed the dqalo
uia ot tbd University Irorn which ho graduated,
and his iptimate friends, it is said, never had
the proqis of all his scientific attainments unlit
alter his death. Concerning iiis medical prac
tice, which be denominated the Rationalist
School, and which made his position iu the
profession somewhat anomalous, it is not be
fitting iu us, perhaps, to speak but it may he
said with propriety an.l without reserve, that
no man iu all the great brotherhood of physi
cians and teachers ever surrouaded himself
with a stronger bulwark ot friendship—a
friendship that combined the taiih o£ a coil'd
with the admiration ot men, aud whose best
estate is th> tender respect paid, to his memory
in every lioust hold wherein he was familiarly
kDown.—Sunday fflac.
To Tint Sunday Schools of Amkkica.—
One of the severe losses bv the Chicago fire
was the destruction of the famous Illinois'
Street Mission, superintended by Mr. I> L.
Moody. It wai an undenominational school,
exceedingly fruitful, one ot the model Mission
Schools of the world.
During the past twelve years no man lias
been more active in Mission Work thau Mr.
Moody. Iiis whole time has been given to the
cause. He has labored incessantly not only
for his own field, but lor other enterprises of
the kind. His hinds and iiis voice diava eterj
been at tbe service of Sabbath-Schools every-'
where. The nation owes it to him and. his
destitute nnriali to roliniM ot m f*n lliu Lull,lit,i
that went down in the great tire.
There will be fifty thousand mechanics and
others in that section ol Ibo city nee.diug gos
pfl privileges. Ha must have a building. Chi
cago has uo money. To the Sunday Schools
ol America we appeal This is peculiarly a
Sunday School work. Let us build without
delay a Tabernacle lor the people of the suffer
ing ciiy, and it wilt stand a monument ol ihe
Sympathy and love of the Sunday Schools ot
America for Chicago in the hour of her dis
tress.
Henry Ward Beecher, Brooklyn. 1
John Hall D. D.. New York.
Joseph P. Duryea, D. 1) Btooklyn.
Geo II. Stuart. Philadelphia.
State Street Sunday School has contributed
nearly S100 to this very worthy object, and it is
wiil do likewise. All contributions to this ob
ject maybe sent to Wcodbury S. Dana, e-q
who will forward the game to Chicago.
A Splendid Concert.—The Haydn As o
ciation have, completed arrangements for a
most acceptable entertainment, to take place
on the evening of the 19th of December at City
Hall. The Association will begin this evening
the rehearsal of the Cieition, and ptesent-it at
the time mentioned, assisted by-Mrs. II. M.
Smith, of Boston, and Winch, the favorith
basso. Theodore Thomas’s famous orchestra
will play the accompaniment. This, all will
agree, is a splendid combination of talent aad
it will draw to City Hall one of the largest au
diences of the season, prolific as it has been
and is to ba with great musical attractions
The Association is in flue condition, and the
vocal part of the Oratorio will bo given in the
most gratifying manner.
We ask attention to tho advertisement of
Messrs. J. B. Hobbs Co., of Chicago. This
is one of the oldest firms in the ciiy, having
been established seventeen years. Both mem
bers are natives of Maine; Mr. Hobbs originally
going from Bowdoiuham and Mr. Burke frurn
Bangor.
Major Thomas L. Whiie. who was found
guilty of the murder of the wile of a personal
friend with whom he had boarded, iu Boston,
lias been pardoned out of State prison. He is
iu a dying condition, and has come to Maine to
be eared (or iu his last moments by his mother.
The Eastern Railroad Company is to apply
the Westingbaus air-brake to the cars of the
Gluncester train for the purpose of testing its
tfiicacy, aud if successful will generally adopt
it.
Death of D. T. Chase.—Mr. D. T Chase,
for many years a flour and grain merchant in
this city, died on Saturday, alter a longi lines?.
For the past ten ytars he has not teen active
ly engaged in business on acceuut of failing
health. His age was 09.
A New York company, J. Bailey agent,
lias purchased forty acres of laud iu Freeport
on whi6b' tbey have a ledge ol excellent grau
ite within forty rods of the lauding at South
Freeport- They propose to cutout and send
specimens to New York uext week.
tUI*CKKKANKOtJ* NOTICK*.
Water Proof Coats.—A new lot of Sacks,
with or without oapes; also Talma?, the best
thing out for all weathers. 3t
Send your sleighs to Chase’s, No. 7 Casco
street, and have them put in order for use.—
All kinds of repaiting on sleighs and carriages
done at short notice. novl3eod2w
Best stock of Boy’s ClotfciDg iu the city is
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle street. Come
early and avoid thfrush Saturday evening.
Those of our readers who wish to have per
lcct setting teeth will find something ol inter
esi iu regain iu arriucia1 uemures iu our epeciui
notices by Dr. Carlton Kite ball.
Rkmemheb llie Assignees sale of the person
al properly belonging to tbo estate of Wood
mau Little jobr, will take place to-day at 12
M. at tbe salesroom of F. O Hailey Co.—
Se Advertisement.
G. A. MEUittr, can bo (ound with H. W.
Lewis, Hair Dresser, corner Exchange and
Federal Sts. George would bo pleased to see
bis friends and customers.
A Good Medicine.—Tbe sale of Mr. Fel
lows’ Compound Syrup of Hypophosplites bar
been quadrupled within a year or so. It is
really a good medicine, well adapted to build
up the system and impart vigor ol body and
mind. It is recommended by our best Physi
cians, and we nre glad tor the sake of tbe pub
lic as well as of tbe manufacturer, who is one
of our best Chemists, that Mr. Fellows’ Com
pound Syrup of Hypopliospites are in such
deu*aud> all parts of tbe Doininiou. Owing
to fiscal obstructions they cannot be sold in tbo
Uuited States, whose patent-ruedicine-affiicfed
citizens are thus deprived of tbe advantage ef
using a really good invigorating medicine—/>£
John, N. B Journal, Vh Dec. 186S.
A factory has siuco been established in tbe
United States.—Editor.
You ark Troubled with a Bad Breath.—
f U Minoys your trieuds as well as yourself
I You would like to get rid of it, but scarcely
^dow what means to adopt. We will tell you.
I l ie tbe fragrant Sozodont, will cleanse and
f beautify your teeth, and leave vour breath
pure.
GET Briggs’ Corn aud Bunion Keuiedies
I BY TELEGRAPH
TO THU DAILY PRESS.
K O Li fdU G N
Cm BEAT Ki K I TAI1V.
Vfi cl Siuk« with llio Cr«w.
London, Nov. 11 —Tbe 8 team ship Holsatia,
iu leaving the harbor of Plymouth eu route to
Hamburg, came iu collision with a schooner,
which sank with all the crew.
SPAIN.
f nbor Riot"* iu Npaiu
Madrid, Nov. 11 —The journeymen bakers
iu Valencia who have been on a strike at
tempted to prevent by violence tbe intro
duction ot workmen and bread from tlie ad
joining towns. The cavalry however succeed
ed ja dispersing the mob and tfS.ormg order.
The I utr ruaf ioii-.iIm.
Madrid, Nov. 12 —The adherents in the
Cortes of Seuor Zohlla propose on Tuesday
inxc to f»re»M a vote censuring the minis
try lor their course in regard to the inlet nation
al society.
FKArKiJB.
The Fr« ich Krpobdc.
Paris, Nov. 10.—President Thiers authori
tivelv states that when the legislative assembly
meets in December the government will pro
pose to f nrf the provisional regrnoe and cstab
lish a definitive republic.
Thi (tnxuh Health.
London, Nov 11.—The Q le.'u’d condition
has wonderfully improved and all proposals tor
a partial regency aie abandoned.
Frenek lliBinins.
Gu!z*tbas accepted tb* position of French
Minister to E iglaud. Tbe Hue De Broglie
takes tbe missioa to Austria, Picatd and
Goulard to Italy.
Tbe Ficucli'niiuUfer to Waibinrton.
The rudepjndeace Beige in its Paris letter
Friday reaffirms the appointment ot Jules Fer
ry as French Embassador to Washington.
I1 run and Rnum.
Paris, Ni»v. 12.—The French press very
generally discuss the receut speech ot Mr.
Gladstone, Eaglisb premier, and deduce there
from tbe neet-fcsiiv for Frauce to stek hence
forth a Russian alliance.
Humors continueconcerning ibe approach
ing departure of the Hope iroin Home.
The France to-day says clistioctly that
the Pope intimated to President Thiers his in
tention to establish a residence in France tliat
Tb'ers male strong el) >rts to dissuade tbe
Holy Father from bis purpose without suc
cess, and fiually placed at bis disposal the Cas
tle of J*au.
TURKEY.
C'bolrra Increasing*
Constantinople, Nov. 12 —The cholera is
increasing aud there are inuuy deaths daily.
BEIiGI (JM
Rednctiou of Rate «.f Diwouul.
Buussell-3, Nov. 11.—The bank of Belgium
has reduced the rate of discount to 4 per cent.
Marriage of a Murderer*
Prince Pierre Boaap rte, notorious for his
participation in tbs assassination of Victor
Noir, was monied to-day at tbe French lega
tion, to Mile R'fllin.
ROME.
The Pope to Declare lliiu »elf King of
Born*.
Pa ms, Ncv. 11 —Prince Da Cbigi Alban5,
Papal Mudcjo, had a long interview with
Count Da Itemeusat, Minister ot Foreigu Af
fairs yesterday. The Constitut'oual of to-day
says they discussed the forthcoming protest of
thePopejin which the Holy Father wiil de
clare himself sole Ring of Rome.aud will an
nounce b;« determination to hold no official in
tercourse with auy foreigu repraseutatives at
court or near tbe persou of Victor Utnauuel.
It ia stated here that the first duty of the
DucDe Harcourtou Ys ariiyal at Rome will
be to present to Cardinal Anfouelli a formal
protest against the publication of l portion ot
tbe French Minister’s confi leotial correspon
dence with the Pontififji.il Secretary.
RUSSIA.
Auxicly about the Safety ef Alexl*.
London, Nov. 12, evening—United States
Minister Curtin telegraphs fiorn St. Peters
burg to the London agency that there is a
dreadful slate of suspense regarding the Grand
Duke Alexis, which will be relir>ed by the
news of the arrival of one of the fleet at New
Yoik.
CALIFORNIA,
lligtivrayiueu Captured.
San Fa an cisco, Nov. 11.—Three highway
men Lamed Jones, Houx an 1 Sampson, be
longing to a gan;< who Lave repeatedly robbed
the stage near Oloverdde, Sonora couuty,were
arrested yesterday aud three others of the
same band will he captured.
Tbe Ca»c of Mrs. Fair.
Tlx? case of Mrs. Fair was before the Su
preme court to-day and aju?d on rnoiion for
a uew irtai on recuuiear grounds.
The arguments iu tlie Fair case were con
eluded this evening in the Supreme Court.—
The decision upon the application for a new
trial will be made next week.
Tlic Lot Angelos Alfu'r.
The Chinese Consul at Lug Angelos is inves
tigating afia-rs connected with iho late riot
The Clnuese property SeizJl at the tin.c ol the
riot ifi his name, but without authority of the
U. S. Marshal, has Been released to the owners
but nono of the money stolen has been re
turned.
Mluge Attacked by tmlian* mid Six Ptr
ftoim Kilted.
'SU V*-’ L.»IOa«>T Artr.aBii,et <»ft
was attacked a few days ago by abut50
Apaches and Mojave*, about ten miles from
the former place. The driver, John Leotz,
otherwise Dutch' John, and t wo pa-seugers
that were with him od the b«»x were killed at
the first fire. Inside there were five passen
gers, three of whom were killed. Wm. Kru
ger aud Miss Motile Sheppard of Prescott,were
wounded, but escaped to a ehapperel and final
ly reached Wickcuburg. The names of the
passengers killed wereFrid Shoholm, F. N.
Loriug, A. P. Solomon, P. W. Hamel aud C.
S. Adams. Loiing and Hamel were ol Lieut.
WhselerJs exploring expedition. Adams was
scalped. The mails and baggage were plun
dered. One report sav3 the attack was made
by highwaymen aud not Iadiaus.
Laud Grant Wanted.
A railroad meeting was held at Pottlau<T,Or
egon, last evening at which a mehoorial to
Congress was adopted Asking for the usual
grant of lands to the Portland, Dallas Salt
Lake Railroad, which is already incorporated,
bow of Sheep*
Forto tbousaud sheep perished by the recent
sand storoi in Los Angelos co.
Perils of the Sea.
San Francisco, Nov. 12 Capt. Barker of
the whale ship Japan, which wis wrecked east
of Cape Siberia in Oct. of 1870, wheu eight
men were drowned, after wintering with the
Equimaux and buffering great hardships
joined Capt. Hayes aud crew of the bark Oriole
which was sunk in the Bp hiring Sea iu June.
After sailing to various places iu Alaska on
the little schoooer H. B. Bourne, which finally
became unseaworthy and abaudoiel, arrived
.to-day from Victoria. They had been given
up lor lost.
ML A*HAC21USST I'S.
Counterfeiter Arrested.
Bcsroy, Nov, 11.— J. P. Couch, who travels
under many aliasesjia* been arrested in Provi
dence, 11 I., by United States Treasury Detec
tives, charged with making and shoving Cuiiu
tufeit 50 cent, com five cent nickies and $10
$20 national bank bills, all of which are re
markably well executed. He was held iu $4000
bail for examination next Monday.
Lom« of a VeMel.
The British fishing schooner Oceau Bird
took fire ou Georges’ Banka Nov. 1st and was
scuttled. The crew after remaining three days
exposed in the rigging, were rescued by the
British brig New Dominion of Yarmouth, N.
S., for Portland and were yesterday .lauded at
Gloucester.
Pardo ueil.
Maj. Thomas L. White, under sentence in
State Prison ‘or shotting a woman some bvo
years ago in Boston, was pardoned to-day aud
left lor Portl ind in care of his mother. He is
iu the last stages of consumption.
INDIANA.
Whole Fauiil) HXurdcccd.
Louisville, Nov. 11 -r-Thte morning a fami
ly Darnell Park* were found murdered iu their
house, near Henryville, Ind. The family con
sisted of Cyr is M Parks, his wife Isabella, sen
John ag^d 10 years.daughters Eveline aged 17,
and Ellen aged 15 years. All were terribly
beaten and crushed by some blunt instrument.
The brairsof Mrs. Pattis and son were scat
tered about the room while their bodies were
Dying iu the beds. The daughters were found
fitting iu the kitchen alive, but were delirious
and fatally hurt. The neighbors heard shots
in the night, but. the bodies bear uo bullet
Mr. Parks was a leading men her of the church
and muon es'fotnea. I litre is great excite
ment, anil no clue to the perpetrators.
NORTH CAROLINA.
Panic A lining (lie Slu-Klui.
New Yobk Nov. 11. A Riloigh despatch
to the lleraU s.ates that the U S Ciicait
Court adjourned to the 27ch uU., having seu
leoced a large number of Ku-K ux to tbe Au
burn peuitentiary. The arie.-'ts in Lincoln
county are so numerous that the greater por
tion of the while males have surrendered coq
fessing thtir connection with the Ku-Ktux.
Kiy, the chief of ibe klan in Madison c'ty,
was pursued aud captured iu 'iYuuesi.ee. L
M. McAfee, a member of the Legislature, has
been arrested and bailed. Tbe sheriff of Cleve
land county has lied.
MISSISSIPPI.
The I.rgiiilaliii’c—Krsignniioa of Gorcr
Alcorn.
Jackson, Nov. 11 —Sufficient returns have
been received to iodicite the complex'ou of the
legislature. Toe Roush ut Rspreseu'a ives will
have til Republicans, 53 Democrats and 2 Inde
pendent. The Seoa'e wi'l number 24 Repub
lic ms aud 12 Demon at?. Ia all tbe ecu tries
where the Republican-* are s'rong the Demo
crats put fonh no ticket. No disturbances
have been reported.
Gov Alcorn will resign in a few days and
turn tbe office ove' to Lt Gov. Powers Al
corn goes to tbe Uuited States Senate iu De
cember.
PENNKVI.TANIA.
?»mn 11 Pox.
Philadelphia, Nov 11.—The health report
to day shows one hundred deaths from small
pox during the week. The uumber ol cases
uudcf treatment has largely decreased.
Cou«oli«lnlioa.
The Philadelphia and Trenton R. It. Co. to
day was leaded to the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company.
1 h <>e 1 laildicu Surt'o«n:c.
PoTTSVILLE., Nov. 12. Yesterday three cbll
d»eu in quest of coal at Miuersville, wandered
into au abandneed mine when several portions
of the gangway caved in aud all of them were
suffocated.
NFW YORK.
5Iorf»cp|s«f fbc Thieve*.
Newt York, Nov. II—The Bureau of Mu*
H cpal Ocrieclion have information leading
them them to believe that Tweed is preps r tog
to lire. Ti e testimony against him is not only
lor frauds on the city, hut iu connection with
1£ ie transactions, winch is overwhelming. He
is secretly converting everything into available
fuud?, while maintaining the outward sem
blance ol limints*. The TaoituauyUes believe
iu his resignation and flight
lugers* II has been hiding this week iu his
furniture factory, and a tumor is afloat that
several of bis bomUiueo, since the resu't ol the
e ectiou, hiVd withdraw.!. It is believed, if ar
rested today, a* p ointed by the sheriff, he
will have to go *o i ill.
None of tbecouusel deny that the arrest of
I 8weeny is not on the programme, and it is gen
erally believed tha*; a suit against him will he
entered in a lew days is Tweed’s abettor in the
frauds.
t’iirupt Ju.lgc* to be Em peached.
Gen. B.irlow, the newly elected Attorney
General, is urging the collection ol evidence ot
corruption ou the pait of Judge Caidozoand
other city j idgciu iu order that he can impeach
them as soon us he assumes hi* office.
Fifteen Thousand Fraudulent VoU«.
The Democratic Reform Committee have
cvideuce that 15X00 ting vo‘es were fraudulent
ly thrown or c noted in at the electiou Tues
<1 y. and exp-ct to furnish thirty six repeaters,
aheady und t surveillance. The coinmitioe
fitaie that the police aided in the frauds direct
ly and indirectly.
Alexis, Pc Imps.
A frig tie be'ow is supposed to be Mae Rus
sian tuau-of war with rriuce Alexis, but it may
be the Wabasb.
New York B ble *«r‘ctT.
New York, Nov. 12.—The 47* b annivetsaiy
of the New Yoik B ble Society was celebrated
tbiseveoitig Theapuuil rt port shows tbst
Bibles, Testaments, etc fo the value of $13,
572 have beeu issued during the year. The re
ed ids of the year $21 920, aud the expenditures
$21,047.
The Thieves will be Followed.
Charles O’Conor said yestei lay that Tweed
was taking all the prelim nury steps turn take
when tbcy seek *o eludt justice by flight to a
f. iroinn lan.-l ni.lifii urmi l.l n.t l.n -r.». -r
act»ve iu airesiiug him eveu if the Committee
of Seveuty give them power, and fPould not
help u> by informing as of his movements
O’Cuiior believed Tweed weull oertaiolyfly
and that there were uot many impediments io
bis way. He did uot tliii k he would re the
ouly prominent crimiaal who wouM quit the
country, but wherever they go in Europe, they
will find that they car not remain wbb impu
nity. Tbey will be followed wherever the law
cau follow. As io Fields his seat in the as
sembly will ba disputed on tbegrouudof frauds
of which the proof is so abundant that Horatio
Seymour will surely take bis seat.
N• w Cil? Charier.
A icw charter is already drafted for snbmis
s'on to the Legislature, which will provide a
u»«re just government lor the people. As t
the ditficulty about the Aldermen the Mayor
need uot trouble himself it, as iu J muary in
any case tbe ne wly elected Abler men will be
the Aldermen and aU pfiuts of law swep.
away.
The Arrested Alderman.
J mies Irving, in a pul lie statement, soys he
knows notbiue about the assault on Dowley
for wlfcb he is arrcs.ed. He don’t know tb t
he ever saw DowKy. He was tot near tbe
fracas and did not recoguiz* any of fbe parlies
concerned iu it. He tbii.ks that tbe action
against him is far the purpose of perstentior.
and that Ire has beeu mated by tbe Uoited
States authorises like a dog. It is suspected
that tbe wrong mao is arrested, and a report
e.bout the sheriff's tfliee soys that the desciip
fc ou of the assailant taffies with one of the
deputy sheriffs by the name of Jim Elbe.
iolhslAu.
The steamer City of Pans sunk yesterday
afternoon the caual boat Montana, ladeu with
grain. She was insured for §13,000
“May b« Expected 1*117 iVIotneal.”
Quarantine, Staten Island, Nov. 12
The Russian clipper Abieck, C.«pt. Schan'z
thirty-iwo drys from Madeira, anchored in tie
lower bay last night. C<«pt, Schio*z says be
parted company w.th tbe Admiral about twen
ty-seven days ago. Their arrival here may be
expeCTeu any moment. Tbe Abuck left the
Russian fleet iu Ion. 21, lat 30, wi’b orders to
take a south*riy cour.-e under steam to New
York and rendezvous until the arrival the
Admiral. Cataeazy, the Russian minister, has
boarded the Abreck.
0<!1 IO.
Tl*c Tobacco Trade.
Cincinnati, Nov. 11 -4\t a consultation
held here bet ween >bo tobacco m inufactnrers
and revenue 1 tfioials a committee was appoint
ed to draft resolutions to send to Washington
ic was geceiany agreed that bonded ware
bouses are unuecessary; that the piddling sys
tem be restricted or abolished; that dealings
iu tbe leaf tobacco ueeded better teguUuious
and that the taxes should be reduced.
A Vessel *iuk«.
Cleveland, Ni)v. 11.—A dispnfch from
Malison rep iris a vessel sunk two mile* from
tbe shore with three meu lashed to tbe cross
trees. A tag bat gone from here to theit as
sistance.
mi^MOtai.
Faint Ituiiioad Au'idfut.
St. Louis, Nov 11 —Tbe passei ger train on
tbe Northern Missouri Railroad which left here
yes;erday, having oars containing ninety live
recruits, was approaching WeMsville, niueiy
miles no:t of ibis cry, abmt noon and run
ting on a down grade at a high rate of speed,
a rail broke and tbe Cirs containing llie re
cruits j imped tiie fack and rolled down tbe
i mbaul.un'iUt^tarxu.o^uYei- two or tun«lianas
Two so'dit-rs were killed and thirty olo others
were injured by iliC acc'dent.
UTAH.
Various Jlutic rn,
Salt L\kk City, Nov. il.—Missionaries
leuve for tbe Ea-t next Thursday.
There bos been no intelligence from Brig
ham Young or Orsou Hyde.
Sacw is falling oa the hills.
ill cuing hiflicullirR.
Accounts (rom Provo represent all manner
of outrages pending the suit between Eureka
Oo. and King David aud May Henrietta Co.’s.
Two witnesses for defendants were assailed
with slung shots and badly injured. The Sunt,
of the May Henrietta Co. was shot at twice,
narrowly escaping w ith his life. Miners al
most unanimously espouse the cause ot the
King David and May Henrietta Companies.
TENNESSEE.
Iuccu t:ni*v Fire.
Chattanooga, Nov 11.-Afire this morn
ing originating in Fisher Bros. j-welry sfore
comer ol 8th and market streets, destroyed a
square aud a half of tbe business noition of ibe
e.iiv. Loss estimated at $75,000; iusutanao,
$30,000. It was the work of incendiary. Tbe
city w is fired in two other iflace4, but the fires
were extinguished. Filleeu supposed Chicago
desperadoes‘arrived from Memphis last night
and suspicion points to them. There have
beeu many arrests for robberies.
Anoiher Miip Wrecked.
Georgia, Nov. 12—The ship John Patten,
from Liverpool, biought the officers and crew
of the wrecked British brigautiue John Jeffrey,
which encountered a hurricane on the 19th of
October and was dismasted on tbe 221. She
lost b»r rudd«r, and on the 3.1 of November
the fticers and crew were laken of! by the
Patten.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
More Ku Klax.
Yorkvillk, Nov. 11.-The Enquiier of the
9tb says forty two more arrests have beeu made
in York coumy during t »e week, And three
hundred more persons have made conlesaioas
as to membeiship wiih the Ko Klux.
Yellow Fever Digappett: iiig—Frost.
Charleston, N >v. 12.—There has been jo
deaths fioni yellow fever for two days. Tbie
leading physicians advise ihe patients to come
back and large numbers have already return
ed. The city council has ordered a day of
thanksgiving and prayer.
There was a heavy white frost this morning.
K A IN19 A si.
A Mau Attempt* to Murdfr IIin Family
St. Louls. Nov 12.—A borriole murder was
committed near Osage Misjion, Kansas, ou the
night ot tbe fitli mst John P. FlaDagau, tbe
perpetrator, baviDg recently suffered a pecuu
iaiy loss, resolved H)i'ispa*ch himself aud fami
ly. He administered chloroform to his wife
aud two 1 tile gills, ageu two months and two
years. About lour o’clock in the moruiag
Mr*. Flauagao awoke from the stupor and
discovered her husband driving teu penny
uaila into tbe heed ot one oi her childreu. F*y
iug io tbe rescue o* her babies, she found them
tTniririt Slw> in -v.-r V»or
husband and gave the- alarm Flanagan was
taken into custody. A letter Icund tacked to
the wad a !dressed to soma relatives which
antes that in consilience oi his mind lemg in
such a eoLdiiiou that hw could not do anything
and had determined to kill himself and family
i xcepting his sou Clarence.
lUIITKOROliOGICJt I/,
tiyuop it of Wen*h r R< p -rfa for Ihr pml
nvmd«Voar lluurn.
War Dep t, Office Chief Signal)
Officer, Washington, D C.,
Nov. 12,(7.00 P. M.))
Probabilities The lurometer will probably
continue h'gl) with clear wea her to night, tol
lowed by cloudy weather on Monday in the
Middle ai.d Erstern States; clouds and rain
will extend very generally over the Mississippi
Valley and Like Huron, and increasing soulli
eastetly winds on L ke Michigan to-night.—
Elsewhere dangerous winds are not anticipa
ted. Signals ora ordeie l for this evening at
Chicago aud Milwaukee.
WVaflirr Report—’Vov 11-1*2 I*. M*
War Department, Signal Service O. S. Army, Di
vbiouol Telegrams and Reports tor the benefit of
Commerce.
M

s
a wi m
Place 3 i g
oi Si tf
o .2 o
observation. v
£1 Ci
tt H .is S.
Q 00
Boston.,.’.30.42 28 NW Ciear
Oharleston.S.C..30.il f4 N E Ciear
Cbeytune.W.T. 29.65 20 N W Clear
Chicago.30.71 44 SE Fair
Cleveland.30.86 33 Cum Far
Corinne. Utah..3'.06 34 c.i'ni Fair
ludianapolis....30.23 4S ssE Cloudy
Mt. Washington.30.22 10 N C'ear
New 1 oudon ..30.43 29 N clear
New Orleans. ...21 95 65 SVV ll'yrain
New Vork... .30 47 31 N Cl«ar
Norfolk..30 49 41 Cain Fair
Omaha..9.83 40 Cilui Lt lain
Pitching.30.5.' 37 NE Fog
Port laud.30 88 30 NVV Char
Sau Francisco. .80.21 52 s >V Cloudy
Savannah.80.85 E5 NVV Cloudy
Washington 30.52 52 Calm Hizy
Wilmington... .3'.40 44 NE Fair
.Montreal, C. F.39.49 28 W Clear
Barometer corrected lor temperature aud elevation
WA*lfIIVOTOf.
Civil Serrice Commission.
Aintkarol^ Nov. 11 —Tbo civil servic
commission resumed lli*• ir sessions lo day. dis
cusstug the que.tiou, Wbal exceptions ai
necessary to the propostd general rules ol ap
poiiitmeui?”
Kridenslie:i oMni ii. Migcl.
The redguatioa of Qen. Frauz Sigel as Col
*\CxrC ^iitrtru-4l Lie venue for the 9-h distric
of Now York, was received at the Treasuiy to
day and accepted.
Injunction Uift'totvcri.
Hie D.strict Supreme Court to-day di&o’vec
ttie iiijunc i against the issue of $4,009,000 t<
pjy for the 8i werage aud street impiovemeut;
m this city.
i ,^e British claims com mission meets on th*
14f h.
The reported defalcation in the Washington
i ost Oihce is untrue.
IVo Iti^ht to Vofo.
Chief Justice Carter rendered a decision to
day agaiast the right of women tovete.
Pc«a«ibii illiiitorri.
Washington’, Nov 12—Under the law
gr<ntiug pfusiou* lo the survivors aud widows
of the wjt of 1812, 979 applications were re
fused and 8793 pensions granted.
Uu Klut Us pari*.
Accounts from Columbia, 8. CL, stite that
twelve more prisoners charged with Ku K»nx
lug Wr-re brought ther* from Unioiivilte Fri
day uight accompanied by six witnesses.
Geneva A'bitrallou.
No information has y«t been received from
Banj U. Curtis regarding his acceptance ol the
appointment as assistant counsel. A lew
claims only have vet been nceived lor pre
sentation to the United Slates and British
cioutni^gioi?, which assembles here on Tue-day.
Mr. Howard, the British agent, has Iteu iu
stroc*ed by bis Government not to present the
c aims ol persons heretofore British subject#
who have become Batura iz<d citizens of the
United Slates.
The Spauidi Tronbl*.
It is known that th^statements of the Span
ish war vessels leaving Hav.ua to sp:ze ihe
rsteamer Horn t are untrue. They have gone
tu aa0tk?r errand aud in diftWeur quarter.
The 8oani*h authoiities have a ready been ad
vised that serious t ouble may result should the
Hornet be seized while umier the Amt-iirau
nag. The United S ate* aud Spanish commis
sion will proceed ?o consider the cLims in De
y i. uc uic me rum iuis;iou was uuiuur
iZ )d a large Lumber of claims for sp li vticm
io Cuba were presented to ibe S;a»e Depart
ment, but not over ten so iar have been pre
sented to the commission iu accordance with
the prescribed ioru«*. Her true charac
ter 19* a question lor civil investigation
and not to be determined by the Spau
ish authorities with the aid of a n ival force.
There appears reason to believe that the Span
ish Consul of Portaa Prince before striking
the flag w-«s loudly derided by the crew of tbe
Hornet—200 colored sailors. This fact has
been ccminuuicited to our government.
Cold Weather.
At the signal statho on tbe summit of Mt.
Washington at 5 o’clock last evening tbe wiml
w.is blowing 60 miles au h >ur from tbe Dorth,
with the therm >mi ter 15° above ze o, aud a
j*gbt snow. Saturday nigbt thin ice formed
iu this city. An aurora was reported this
morniog at 1245 o’clock from Rochester, N.
Y. A amatl number of meteors were also ob
seived. Tbe observer at Chicago reports an
unusual number of meteors.
fLiiinon.
li I cijoii Rc.ui'iis.
Chicago, Nov 11.—Returns from 47 counties
give Beveridge, the Republican candidate for
Congressman at large, 13.500 majority.
tklkcmapii irsiH.
An express train on the Grand Trunk Rail
road, when near Wilder, Oat trio, on Weduei
day morning, ran off the track. Three pas^en
gers wi re severely injured one of whom died iu
a short time.
A new compauy has been farmed to furnish
roliing-sb ck for ih* Atlantic aud Great West
eru Railroad. The $-5,000,000 ot capital stock
was subscribed two fold iu two days.
Tbe committee ot tbe Labor Reform party
have mailed the ctedcntiaJs ot m» uibers lo tbe
convention tbe oihot December to several huu
dred influential sympathizers with tbe cause.
The Presideut Saturday issued a proclama
tion suspending tbs writ of habeas corpus in
Union county, South Carolina.
I'he Academy at Plattsburg, N. Y., tbe old
est laud-mark iu the place, was buiuei Satur
day moraiug.
Gov. Hoifmau has pardoned Beoj. Teachout
who was sentenced to be banged for poisouivg
his wile, new evidence received throwing doubt
ou his guilt.
Tb9 rumored burying of the hatchet between
Seuator Feutou and Collector Murphy, on
Thursday eveuiug is incorrect. They u et at
tbe resideuce of a mutual friend and duly le
coguize 1 each other as ail gentiemeu do under
similar circumstances.
•Jbbo VV. Youug.son of Brigham Young, sta
ted in New York, tfatmday, that Brigham will
nokjedst uoy process of the court. He wifi
not leave Utah; that Delegate Hooper has no
compromise to propot-e at Washington, and
ooue wiil be offered; that no outlit-aks i? con
templated at Sap- Lake, aud that the only so
lution of the difficulties is the admission of
Otah as a State. He is not prepared lo state
whether polygamy Till be abaudoued if admit
ted.
A Chicago despatch says a comm'ttoe of grain
receivers w?s ay pointed by a meeting Friday
fusing to pay for graiu defrayed.in tcan»itv
Nj death lrom yellow fever la Charleston,
Saturday.
Erjsliteen d« »!ers in thilkpy wer« indicted
by tub graud jury in Baliimoie, S tturday.
Early Eason was sentenced, 'Saturday, in
Memphis, Teuu., to be hung Dec, 29, for mur
der.
Henry Montgomery was sentenced for life iu
the penitentiary iu Wheeling, West Virginia.,
for being au accomplice in the murder of Ed
ward West.
The steamboatmeu’s convention at Loois
v?lle, Ky., Saturday, asked Secretary Bout well
to suspend tbe eufoiccmcut of the law of last
CoDgresa uutil it cm ba revised: and that the
United States take the Louisville canal and re
duce tbe tolls.
The dinuer of the Boston Press club tcok
p’ace Saturday night at the Revere House.—
Speeches weie mad3 aud poems read. Mark
Twaiu was among the guests.
Arrived yesterday, at New York, City of
New York aud Q .eeD, from L Vcrpool and Eu
ropa from Glasgow.
Two negroes were wounded and a negro po
liceman phot through the head by a crowd of
roughs iu Portsmouth, Va, Saturday uight.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
lr is said that if a puff of air were to be
blown into a ve<n of auanimai, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
be stopped. Tbe blood makes the entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven miuutes,
and whenever this circulation is impeded or
any of its channels are clogged by impurities
which ought to be carried oft', disease follows—
fever ora disease of liver or kidueys,or scrofula,
or dyspepsia. To get at and remove tbe source
of ihe difficulty use the old and infallible
blood purifier, Da. Walker’s California
Vinegar Bitters. ocil8th 4w
We invite all who wish to buy good clolliiDg
well made up, to call on George W. Rich Sc
Co., store 173 Fore street.
novlO lwFM&W
The most wonderful invention of the age is
on exhibition and in operation at t>7 Federal
street. Tbe public are invited to call and see
for themeelve9. _ novll—3t
We have the largest and best stock of over
coats in this city, aud shall sell them at ex
tremely low prices. George W. Rlcli Sc C
173 Fore street._novlQ-1 wFM&W
Job Printing.—Send your orders for Job
Printing to the Daily Press Printing House
where they will be promptly attended to at the
owest possible rat*s. Wm. M. Marks?.
Briggs' Pile Remedies are snccess.
Briggs*Allavantor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs' Throat and Lung Healer.
V/ XTJK. jlTJL Ala i-V O A ix
Foreign ICxports.
MATANZAS Brig J H Lane—0833 tox shook#,
806 b'ds. p iiutoes, 3i do onions, 100 kiis mji kt rel,
2ST >ln»ok? and heads, 14 >7 pair? headings, 8J0 boxes
herring. 600 cabbage,
BUENOS AYRES. Br'g Curie Win low-330.88t
ft lumber, li-C0 shingles, 5'J bolls duck, 0 pkgs iwiue,
330 gro.-s matches.
ST. JOHN, NB. ?ch I) W CUik—900 bbls.fl jur.100
do oat meal, 10 tons feed.
HALIFAX, N. S. Steamer Car’.of a—1069 bbls.
flour. 50 do oat i ea’, 1* 58 bash. hear, 1060 do bar*
icy, 375 do malt, 1 Iotmd.*e..
Receipt* by Kailiaadi aad SteambaaP.
Guano Trunk Railway.—240 cans ruiik, 12 3
bbls flour, 14 bu'« glue stock,-! rolls le.Uli-r, 21 o
$poo s, 50 tars lurnb l, 2 do potatoes. 1 do laths, 1 do
butter. 1 do oats, 3 do shook, 1 do hay, 3 do wood, 1
do elapboaids, 1 do material, 6 do corn. Shipments
•o Lower Provinces— 1400 bbL flour, t car boxes, 1 do
paper, 1 do sundites.
Mew York Misck and .’Vlnaey TlarkM.
New York. Nov. 11— \tornin<j.—Gold opened at
1114. Money 5 6 per cent. Stoiling Exchange, 108j
(t$ 1* 9f. stacks dull and steady. Governments quiet.
State bonds tirm and steady.
The tol'owiug are the torenoon quotations ot South
ern securities:'
Tennessee bs, new,. 67
Virginia Gs, new. 98
Missouri Os. 95
Louisiana Os, ..5<J
Alabama 5s. 95
Georgia 7’s..
North Carolina <»’s, new. Jj*
South Caroliua 0s new.*.
The following were the quotations for Union Pa
cific securities:
Central Lacitic bonds.lf2)
Union Pacitic bonds. *9j
Union Pacifle si ock. ‘iA
Uuion Pacific land grants.
Union Pacific income bonds. <J
Forenoon quotations ot Government.-:
Uuited States conpon o’*, ..J19?
United States5-20’s ..>nj
United States 5-20’s
United States 5-20’a 1808, ..in'
Uuited States 5-20’s 1865, n
United States 5-20’s, ..*.J*1..
United States 5-20’s,
United States 10-10*., coupon.‘99
Currency 0’s.11
The folio ving are-the loienoon stock quotation?:
Western Union Telegrapu Go.b*
Pacific Mail.
N. Y. Central aud liudson Rivev consolidated... 91 j
N If. Central Hudson Kiverconsolidated scrip.™*
Erie. di
Erie preferred....
Harlem.
Harlem ..*2*
Heading. -W
Michigan Central...'*?
Lake Shore Michigan Southern, ex div. M
Illinois Ceutrai...l tJ
Cleveland Pittsourg!.
Chicago tV North Western. 90
Chicago North We*t«*rn preterred. ^9
Chicago .fc Hoi k l slam i.'ik
Milwaukie& st. Paul.
Pittsburg Fort Wayue... 95
t'\L __ I ——M
Tlni-kfis.
NEW York. Nov. 10—5 I*. M.—**!,»* qnlef
unchanged: pots 8 00 g. 8;.0; ptar-s 0 n 975
Cottou in active dcm u d lor spinning at dc liiio
sales 5*30 l.«!cs; Middling pi.uids 18',-. n, ll: „Ult.£
5 and,without decided cUaf’jEe; receipts I4.qi0bbi«
sales 6100 l*bls.; superfine Western and Mato 5 7t> ay
6 25; couunon to maid extra V\estern atid Suite.g t j
6 B 70; e#ud In choice do, 610.U.7 20; common to
choice White Wheat Western extra,, 20 3* 740:«,Mi
nion to good ex. io Onio. 6 CU@ 7 20; .oiroioo to choke
extra St. Louis 6 90 9 *5; maiket clnjflug dull atad
heavy with holders disposed to to r» allze. Southern
Kiour dull ami unchanged; sales 40 l)l»H at 0 80 g)
7 50 for common to lair extra and 7 55 gg 9 '.5 lor go* d
to choice do U»e Flour qnlc and steady; sa.es 200
bbls. at 4 10 g 5 40. Coru Meal quiet and unebnug
od. Wbiskc\ Oime* and in lair icqucst; sales 6 <0
lib?s. *«t 92-; small parce s a 92|c. Grain-Wheat
recelp'8 173.151 buel>.; Wheat irregular and unset" 1
e i. opening steady and cl* si’jp I [eg ?c higher with a
fair ixj*>rt demand; sales I1G.OOO bush, ul 1 54 1 55
for No 2 Spring, 1 55@ I GO'or Winter KeU West*
rn, l 62 fig 1 01 tor Amber Western, 1 S3 1 72 4br
White Western. 1 75 tor priao Amber Lot p Is'nwd,
1 7') for extra choice Amber In liana. Rye quiet and
h avy. Barley quiet; sales 4;;00 bush, at 9Jo tor six
rawed Statf. Bariev Mah thin. Corn—receipts 57,
4(iJ bush.; market t eavy aud Jc lower with a n»od-*i
a*e export a«il home ir*»io demand; sales 158.000
bit-h. itt 77* <fi> Tsc tor Western Mixed in store, and
80 [a) 81c lor afloat, closing at inside quota’ions Oats
ln«vy an 1 lower; reteip* 43,267 bush.; sales 43,0 0
bush, at 5 :j u 51Je tor Western and Ohio, the laflcr
h»r ebo co w lute, dosing sellers* piime Wesiem at
53io. Hay siealvut 11 00 ior slurp ng and 10) !fa)
16 00 lor retail lots, H j.s out; 1b71 qutle-l t 35 cy
6^5; J870 at 20 a 3 V: 1SG9 at 10 >y 20.; 1804 at 9 'ey
*i0 Coil wi hi .t dee idea »Lunge a' 5 50 G ;0 lor
Aoihradic $>e:ug Leather steady; Hcm o k Sol.*,
Hu* lies A\res aud Bio uiande light mi idles and
h .-avv wei.dus 28 29; Caliiornia do 2o(jy *8 and Oii
tHiCnin^Jiffl',‘71 l...*
Oli o qufieu at 62# @61c; puUe I 61c; tubb d 70
Itxas33@12 uuwa.tied 40 46 Kali clip
Cali/jin*a lOr. Cotleo du l and nominal; Rio quoted
nr 17} @19Jc. Su.at' qu'et and firm: lair to good re
n:nng quo e«l al 8# 9Jc; Bales 100 nh s. Cuba ai 9
9$c. Mo]:i?scs dull. Itic^ quiet at 7# ty 8}c. Pe
tiole mn qu>ct hi 12# u l2$e for crude and £2#c lor le
iiued. Pro.is!ons —pork firmer; salts 13'*0 bids,
niessit 13 0>@ 13 20; prime 10 r0; p’lme iue*s 11 1*0;
al-o 500 Ubl«. me>9 M nvb at 14 37 Beet quit-1 sales
109 bbls. at7 0j It 00lor plain mess. 11T>0@14 00
lonxfraco. Bi-et Hama cull at I6@v4<\ Tierce
Beet Uul1 at 1C 00 17 00 tor prime mess and 19 00
@20 00 tor India do. ut Meats unchanged at lu@
12c lot bams; shoulders 5# 7c; middies firm and
m re aciive; sa’es 24r.O boxes long cear at 8#c; abort
d 8|c; loug and short clear Dece *.b?r, J v »ury and
February at 8 ty long clear February 7#<*. Lard
opening firm and cJotkd dull; sales 770 tieices at Ojj
jje i«»r No. 1 to prime; 10c lor kettle rendered; also
5«io tierces Janu <ry and Febrnajy at 9# Bn ter is
sterdv at 12 23/lor Western a.xd 15 33: ft>i Stale.
Cheese q iet at 11 t:j|e. N-.vil Stores—* puts
Turpentine a diet at 69c; (to-do firm at 4 75.
4 874 tor strained. Tallow steady; sales 80.00U lbs at
freights to L!verpool qaUt; Cotron per steam 7
Chicago,Nov. 11.— Flour unchanged. Wbe.it—
demand Sigh: and ho dors firm No. 1 Spiiug 1 24
1 24}; No. 2 do J 2>»#. I 22; No. 3 do at i J0$; rejtct
e 1 1 021 1 051; No. 2 Spring, teller December l 22J.
Com in tiir demand ami firm; No. 2 Mixed 4*i
1 Rye Iti iur demand; No 2 at 33$c. barle\ is
hi her; So. 2 $priug G4#c. Pork firm at 12 75@ 12 87
sel er December 12 70 12 75; do J.miimy 12 87$
13 00; F bruury 13 12 1J >5; March 13 35 I t 40.
Bo k mea'B ii fiir demand; gteen bams 7@7Je;
shoulders 4 4$c; short lib u.ii lies 6? 6t*j no old
meat in market. Bonded moats, shoulders 5c; Cum
berland middles 6^:; long c car 7. Wliisjtev active
and higher at 88c. L ve Hoe’S active and hither at
3 95 4 50.
Receipts—6000 bbls. flour, 65 003 bu b. wheat, 129
fOO bush, corn, 3000 bush. oa*s, 14,000 bu*b. barley,
8,000 bush. rye.
Sbipmeuis—3000 bbls. fi)or, 69,000 bu-b. wheaf,87
eoru, 2,00i> bush, bailej, 14,009 busb. rye,
3030 bogs. J
Cinotws ati, Nov. 11 -Pork dull at 12 73 asked
and U 50 ottered ior ine»s Lnrd dull a» 8# 9.-
Bulk MeMs firm and dip'; shoulders 7c: sides74@
7#c; newdb>7# '©7#; delivered twowteks hence #c
•e s. Bicod unchanged, s'loullers7c sides 7# 7 £c.
Live H gsi i g cd demand at 4 40® 4 it'; receipts
6560. Whiskey quiet al >-8c.
Milwaukee, Nov. II.—F’onr dull and unchang
ed Wheal firm; No. I at 1 22;,; No. 2 at 1 £0. Oils
firm; No. 2 at 33#c. Pom steady; No. 2 Mixed 48lc.
Rye steady; No 1 at 62$ Bulay stcadv, No. 2
Fa 11 531.
Receipts—4000 bids flour, G6.000 hu«li. wheat.
Shipments—3000 bbls. ti ur. 61,000 busb. wheat.
T^lfco, Nov. II.—Flour irteadv. Wheat s eadv;
No. 1 White Michigan 1 45; d do Amber 1 43; No.
2 Winter Rtd 1 34; No. 3 do 1 30; r< j-ctcU 1 21
Cornjirm; high Mixed 55 55$. new do 54jc; low
do 54$e; Y< l ow 53;c lew do 54Jc; Michigan 55c. Oats
firm No. 1 at G c; No. i 37#.; Michigan G8jrc.
CHIRLKSTON. Nov. 11.-Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 17$ 17$e.
Savannah, Nov 11.—Colton is 5n good demand;
Mi-idliug uplands 17$@l7Jc.
Mobile,Nov. 1'.—Cotton firm; Middling uplands
17$e.
New Obt is* ut, Nov. 11.—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 17# 18c.
rereinn ttlnikcla.
London, Nov. 11—1130 A. iM.—Cousofs 93$ ior
money qnd account.
Amsr'can securities U. S 5-20’s 1862, Dli; tl*
1865, Ud, 91#; do 1867. 93J; do 10-K/s 83#.
PAkts, Nov. 11.—R« n(es 57t 10c.
Liverpool, Nov. 11- 10 30 a. m.—Cotton quiet
and steady: Middling uplands Md; do Orleafla
03 I; sale* 10.0C0 b:ile8.
London, Nov. 11—1.30 P. SI —Cmiso a( 9CJ lor
loooev arid account.
American aecarilles—U. S. 5-20*. t£C2,911; <Jo 1»C3
ol.l #IJ; Uo I8«, 93j; O. S. tO-lOa 8 f.
Livkf.pool. Nov. 11—1 30 P. SI.—Cotton quief and
sleoly; Midddc* uplandsf}d; do Orleans #t igSi|.l{
sales 10,000 bales. Lard 44< 9:1.
London. Nr-v. 11—Kveii ng.—Sperm Oil 87 90s
P lb; Li. seed do 34s lod 31s ICd, Tallow 5<tsGd.
Havana, Nov. 11.—Sugar—The st^ck remaining
i i vvarebou-trs at liavana and Matar zas Is 114.975
boxes smi 2:'0 bfids.; exoirfed durin the wo k from
itarana and Matanzis 7775boxes o» which 7200 hexes
w^ e tor the Utnied States The market is dull.
N s. 10 to 12 But-:h standard 9) lOrea'#; Noi. 15
to 20 ut 11# 13$ iPil*. MoUs:e^ SiiJJtr 7$ TC 8 reals
lor No* 8 111: ,\lnsi'nvnilii t:iir In onn 1 roHi.ina 7,» SI
reals arrobe. Freight? dull.
Frcifibls,
Galveston. Nov. 4.—Freights—The p:>sfc week
has been active in Freights to Liverpool, tint the am
ple supply ot loom ha* suppressed any advance, and
we bavr on’y to note increased thinness in ratts.
The e h *b b-vu some inqnirvffor clnrter to Arast. r
dam. I ut. wi hoot any result (fotoi mining a qu na
tion fd istasked, l»ut lias not been conceded, Rail,
i du t! Cotton to Liverpool l*y
sail l <p lb; AujgiCMlim. do do.$l; New York by
steam /opih. Hides —New Yorv, by gt am, lie
loose p lb; do steam bales do; dodo wet ta trd 4c;
do sail. Wiese, -fc: do bales fc P !b Wo l in sacks,
suam ta New York, IJc; do by tad jc p ltr.
BoMou Stock Li»t,
Sa’esut the brokers’ Board, Nov. II.
Maine State Six°*. 1889. lotj).
Union Pacific Itaihoad o||
Union Pa.-iiic R H sixes...j *71
Union Pacific Land Gran, Sevens. 773
B%«teru Kaiiroan |eg4
Michigan Cental Railroad. 120
[Sales at A ant ion
Bates Manniaetonus Company.
this!on and Maine Railroad. lil>
Portland. Saco i» Portsmouth Railroad. 130V
OXYGEN m
371Con"res8 Street,
Established for the cure ot
CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,
CONS U 3IJP TI O N,
DYSPEPSIA, SCttOFULA.,
AihI nil diseases arising Irom im pure Tilood.
Treated by Btrembing “OXVCEN AIK,’
Medicated Inhalations
in connection with other remedies. The public ate
invited to call and investigate
FBEE OF CIlARbE
vLetters ot Inqu.ry promptly answered and treat
ment sent it desired Address,
Or. J. f9. BROWER,
If 7 I l ougren S.'ieel, Partlaud, Me*
Dr*. E Clark, J. M. Cummlugs ami C. H. Bail
give perm legion to reror to them. Pbvficians s
Plied with Oxygen 01 Ox^geuaitd Water.
j-1 “1 t.t,s dCni au.il i\2mo
BF TOT HAITI TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
«(ft TO
Palmer’s 132 Middle Street
Where you eui a w!de or narrow, full or sliu:
Boot. jn>t the \w Ith uud length that will be easy or.
gracelui, and tujuy ibe rare luxury ol wearing a 1 er
leot fltiiug bcot. sep26tt
PIANO ROOMS,
Cahooia RIock, next City Hall, Congrews M
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Ha* the Exclusively Agency for the
i 1 1 IT n& I? D 7!a tl,e ele*qnt E WLTT
Wf tiilin PMXO FORTES
A’so other standard make is all sold at the lowest
reduced prices.
SPORTSMEN
J. B. Lucas, 69 Exchange St.,
Has just received another lot ot thosifine
Hrcecla EiOailinj NI10I Gnu?.
Also a few more ot those very cheap
Eirdiili Ttri.it Uaiiblc bbl. Gout.
W. D. LITTLE Co.’s,
Inuirnnce Agency,
49 i FxcEiUugc Hf, Oct 17tA, 1871.
Thr Ulmliani’H nnd North An»rricnn ln
Hurance Foiupniiic* of Iffartford.
Having been coinpe1 ltd to surrender and suspend
business lor the present, wo b »vc t request a'l i er
soti* bolding Policies ot three Companies to liand
them in to us for cancellation without delay. In the
meantime wo b*?c endeavored to protect all ol
the Pelicy holder scut ot the c.ty. and as tar ai jts
s'ble, those within the city, by placing tho’.r ribks in
other sale companies.
City File luKuraucc Couipuuy of IVait
fo rd.
Our advices from the President ot this Comi any nbw
in Chi ago warrant us in saying to our patrons ami
friends that the “City File” is all right and will con
tinue business as usual and pay all its lo ses prompt
ly as hen to'oie.
The Phoenix is all right paying all its lots s and
leaving a clean suvplus of over 1,000,000.
Oct 18-d&*iit
Commissiotiers* Notice.
THE Subscribers hiving hern appointed by
the Ju' ge ot 1 iobate for the Count? of Cum
berland. Commissioners io txamin and taai
upon the cla ms ot creditors to the estate ot ihnd
deus S i.lirg late ot Ojije E iziheth, in raid Coun
ty, deceased, represented iu«clveu am*. six
months 'roni the s. v»irh day of November, A.
D71 el tig a1 towed for that pm pose, hi rtby give no
tice Iba*. they wi l atteul to the duties a'g.gned
them, at the oflice of Howard Cleaves in
Port laud outlie tw.ntlcihday ci December A. D.
D7l.cn the twenty Forth day of January, A. l>.,
1872. and on 'he seventh day ol May, A.D., 1872,
from one to 1 :ur o’clock in ibo afternoon on each of
said dijs.
TlXNIiY B. CLEAVES,
KOBEKT IlOll NS X,
Commissioners.
Dated at Portland the eighth day ot November,
i i A. D., 1871. dUwttwF
ENTERTAIN M ENTS.
FI, UMMYT U*IF
'•'uesdiij Evening. November 14th
Four Following Nights 1
Eltclro Biology and fhreuology
Tnsti ucliocjnut Amusing,
W. Stone
Wii' g vc a.- above, a Scries of
Wonderful and Atnusiny
EXPERIMENTS
Upon peiSM.*8 in a ncrtecllv wakeful s'ate.
In order ro attract tKneral Attention to this In
tel e-Jog Science there will he presenter to the Au
Uieecc each evening at least
50 Bemtiftil Costly Gifcs,
Free of Fxtra Charge.
Doors open at 7 1 »ck. Commence at 8.
Adm issroti wit h one envelope) 35 cents. Front
Seats (two cnvel pe*) 50 cents. Family Ticket, to
admit (farce, 'six enve ope*) $1.
Ticki t* may be had at IIa*e C ragin'* .Musi?
Stoto. 77 Mald'e street, nr H»o kbrijge** Music store,
11ti fc^veh tug..* st ami ac ihe uooi. u j4Jtf
M. L. At.
Fourth Entertainment
Wednesday Evening, Jiov 15th,
LECTURE BY
Rev. E. H. Ghapin, of N. Y.
Tickets tlio i’rvi».u i r.n
n ol'ti Ui- 1,iC,0»! »'7 o’clock.
4# -^/^k 14#
Tlw I rich American Relief Aeae
cml o.i, will give uu A ureicbly at
LANCASTER HALL,
THURSDAY NIGHT, Nov. 16th.
Music by Chandler’* Quv'rille Ban.l. 1). F.
Chandler prompter. Tickets adoiiitiug Gent and
Ladles $1. Members cm procure their tickets ot
William McA’eney. 2S Preb e afreet.and at tbe d or.
Floor Director. R 11. Parker; As>fsiant\ E. H.
Coleman, E..J. Liak, B E McDonough, P. O Con
nor Mixiine Pequet, Jam^a IIcroon. Discing te
commence at 8 ..'clock. C otliiog chocked tree.
_ noYlttd
Reliable Insurance l
TSie Y$Id Flucuix
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
ICO.SMKCTIODr,
“ittses Iroui the A,Uei ’of the Cbieage Fire »i!h*
clean surplus ei over
One Million Dollars,
And is now, a« heretofore, one of Ihe strongest com
pancs doing l usiness m Maine.
t ttkb A m H Oci. 1st 91,730,COO
Lossenat Ch'c»(to about 700 OOO
Capital and Bui pi*, 1,4:30,000
Tt will (bus l>e seeh tbat ills old company affords
as ample security to its Policy holders as at.y other
Company in the cruntry.
Policies Issued as bcieioiore on ibe most favorable
terms. All 1 sses prompt y aujuf led and paid by
ft’. 1). l.lTfLi: <t- CO,. Agents,
Oillcc 40 l-’i Exchange Hi.
Oct SOls dtS:
Gorham’s Sale
OF
ELEGANT
Piano Fortes.
0
Mo. 3 Free St-Block.
Filch day of tlie Exhibition.
Last day but five.
November U. dot
SEED, SEE»~!
QbA/AA BUSHELS Ne* Tonoiby Seed; also
v/ Clover and Ltd Top lor sale by
KEN If A EL <S WHITNEY.
Portland, ?ept 2. 187!. ,ep2dtl i>
Winter Board for Horses.
AI tb-’ stable in Dieriog, lunnerly ralbd tbe
“Purest City Park Stnle," box Halls, to*j
keening, and plei.tr ot room tor out floor extreme.
Address CHAS. E. MARWICK. Portland.
(-9.12W
OWIVES TO IjET.
r| FRONT OFFICE*1, second story, over store?
No 136 aii<l 38 <Jom u* rjial utieei; fined up wifb
all I *te improvements.
Apply to H. N. JOSE,
Nov 4 d£*2w is 184 Fore at.
3o. IGo Middle Street,
M.&A, P. MARLING
Have received from New York
Silk Vein t« and Saliua in all colors; Tbrcud
nnd Malta Lnm} llrraft au<L«*iifk Rations
and Uiuaim'otRt NtarEuibroidety IfiaiilH
Fiimcn, m a 1 colors.
on;ll___twd then 3weod
Alma F. Curtis,
TEACHER of llie VIANO FORTT
29 SPUING STREET.
{^“"‘Satis'ncfoty reference given when requited,
ocl eod 3tn
urtliLlSH TWIST
Doiible Barreled Guns l
Duly Thirteen Dollars.
O. L. DAILEV, 4* EXCHANGE ST.
*4*'Sijot tbe G jlden Rifle. 1.0 II cod
LIT I LE AND O V TEN
LITTLE AND OFTEN
LITTLE AND OFTffN
LITHE AND OF1EN
LITTLE AND OFTEN
UTILE AND OFTEN
LITTLE AND OFTEN
LITTLE AND OFTEN
LITTLE A DCFTiN
LilTLE AND OFTEN
IS THE WAY TO USE
Dr. KENNEDY'S
HAIR TEA.
w1320 #!v
Oriaa !!an1(Ui& Co.,
MANFFACTURKHS OF
MEN’S AND DOYS’ CLOTHING
All h’ze.- and styles consist)ily on band.
Also, a tull assortment ot
Gents’ Furnishing Goods,
HATS and CAPS.
»D*COftCiM{]ESS NT.Portland, .lie.
eepSM 2w *a2:« w3U
~TO EET
Store No 1 -12 144 ronuim rcial st.
COHN Kit nt Wideery*s Wharf, particular!
adapted 1.) the h iuur and Crain busin us br»
rapicItT, Invinga fr'iiiiage 01 36 lout, and depth 15
leet,: crersltde r>y ivuttror rail, (ilea ni> -viih .verr
m.dirn eouvcuicnce. J
■•■•Jou.tMN.tt
Second-hand Fire Hone
FOU SALE by J. L. SHAW CO, 102 1-2 Fore
sireer.
foil ic» t 5-ply Rubber. 2 1-2 inch.
3(0 ieet Leather 2 1-2 inch.
200 teet Linen 2 1-2 inh.
All in g od o.der aud nearly new. no9tl
A. hi. McKENNEY,
THE WELL KNOWN
l*lio(v^Ta;;liic Artist
II.is fitted up the
Best Tilt togrnpliiu Bo
in the Stale, and famished 'beni In lie u ovt fash
ionable and elegant rtv 'e, whore lie will nuke all ih'o
siyles ot the art as well as cau be done iu the S nte
t ,he*cl*,p“ 011 w cehbrated 1‘ho
f. sm m.
Mr. Stnllli would be pleased to hare n,„
ot Ills Old Metals. a aTe twtroiwgi
He retarns his tha Dies to the nubile Ur .1
I«1 Middle siren, l«ortln..d, Me.
oct IS-sndlwJtuiwU
V
T
ENTERTA1NM ENTs
AS 8 EMBLyT
VIH. A M. (iKE
would announce Ul- flirt assembly ia ocuiactfoa
with In* c!*m in Duiciii/,
illjuday Ereuiag; IVevmbfr I3ih.
at lU Academy, corno< ol Browu yud C’vn^u**> »u.
Muj;rb\ Chandler's B ind.
Mr. Geo will co'uuenre b*8 first refloat tor Insfigp.
lon in Dm 1-tg ircrfn itg scholar.* o’i Wedncilflj
evening. Nov. I5tb9 ncl codMjup every Wednesday.
For paniculate at>ply at the Ball,
Social A.Hxembly t
MR. .J. W. UAVMOND
Will fcive an auetubly iu connection with bj* Sellout
AT LANCASTER HALL..,
dlomliiy Ervuioii Norriuber 13th.
Ticket, admitting Gant with Lad e, let tb» ouoeM.
(1; Lnlles- ticket. $1; Ueiii’a Hubei, *2 5®. Rt<m*
IB* iiok,t»7ieentt. noiOIM
I.L'I
_ALCTlOiS SALEH.
In Uankruptcy.
Assijjuee’s Sale.
W pub ic am tiuD, at tit, ananon
PorMan.l on m f bang. At.
oSkffwk kl1. d T’ '*tU da/01 N0T,anl,jri
Oue np-it Cur’iig, Hors*.,
One tnr I gut H nowse.,
Ooe Work done,
Oue Hemes*,
Oue set Double Harne.«»es,
O ip Cirryall.
One Bugjjv Wagon
Oue Sunshade Cirri ge.
On single digger,
j Oue double Jigger,
One d *nb‘e Sleigh,
One single sleigh,
Two Wolf Robot*,
One Puig,
L >t of o’u Iron and Rags,
About 1(0 barrels old Bottle*,
Two hundred Beer and Lh unpagoe Bottles,
'Two Paper Cutters,
Ooe Urge Piatfo- ra Scale,
One Store Counter,
Taorhiies Portland A Maobia* Steamboat Cj.f
Two bundled shares Mauield SUU Co.,
Four *bare« Maine State Boiler Co
Oue Watch and (Jhmi.
GFviR.EF.RMEKY,
CHAiLE'i P. M A r roCKS
A»slgDf,8 in R inkruptcy Ul Woo imao Liuklu1!*
aud N.iiiiau \1. oo iiuan.
XovV-JHi B*,LliV t-*1 Aactlaa,«r».
STOCK
-IJT
Japan TEA Stow,
158 Exchange street,
bi AiCTionr,
On Tuesday, Nov 14f at 2 1*2 PM.
F. BAILEY C«M Auciioofm.
HAVING determine*? to change my business
exdus.ve retail Flow Tr*tov I shall clone cm
my entire s'ock ot Oroc*rie< at Auciloi, cousi>ti >f
(I ches s T-*4, whole Coffee, F o lr, who'e and pu f
ground Sv><ces, S*a*rti. Ka!sin«, S^aps, Syrup*, Irri d
Apples*, Canned Goods in vanerv, Gr*< kers. Cauilit'ft,
Mus.ard, Coreaim**, F.avoii g*. Karine, Cocoa
Shells, Oriel ine Herbs, Corn Stitch Tobacco, Ciz&:f.
hurorte«l CfiHM'e Soip, Blieklng, Sa?t, whole ana
split Peas, Beans. Hies Wasn-B ards, Clothes Plus,
Ac. Store Kurniiure. S*ove, lea Cbe.it, PUti a
Sc ile, Coffee Mfllj, SpVv Cans, Measures, Scoops A j.
Also 100 li ncl'Ol Apples.
The above g >ods are fresh and flrut class. no8il
llamdiicfiim'V Sale
OF
Furniture, &e.9
BY AUCTION.
F. O. BAILEY 3c CO., Asiln.
AX, E shall te 1 ou THCRSI) AT, Nov 16th, at tan
A II, at store N-i iS8 and ItiO Fore sf. T
st^ck in store which consists la part ot about /X
Cb-.mber Set*. (It ird am! soft wood); B. W. Cent w
Tables (marble top): Votasii* li. W. aud Hair Clot a.
Wh boots, B. W. and Chestnut Kx'cntion Tablet,
Cane Seat and <>ak Dining Chai s, Stuffed and Cana
Seat hcckm*. Mirrors, Bedsteads Buie ms. Loan
e«, Spring Beds, Feathers, Crockery and ©Ujt
Ware, Oil Carpeting. A'so 1 Catdue'Bed.
EX^Sa»e |*ositive. nol3td
Guardian’s Sale.
PUK^CANT to a lice ire of thx |Probate Court \<\t
the C tunty of Cumberland to n- granted oo t it
first Tue day of November, 1871, to make sale or i it
real es'ato o' Caleb Hatch, Mai tlm K. Hatch a-d
Donnell D. If itch, mv waid,, consisting of Uiree
li reenths in tcrnoi u and undivided ot a cert da ot
.'aud, which is the eiHer'f half ot ilie homcat ui
of toe late Caleb S. Hatch, dec .■«'*ed. oo B acker c St,
in said f’orttiind.being the lot adjolnis;* the land and
bakery oi George W. H. If'ookp, ot» the westerly
side theroo', on sdd street, I wilt >ell the sa d real
estate ui ujv said war is at public ai.c 1-»n on ~t >e
Thh teenth dav of D. c mber, 1871. ut the office ot
Deane A Verfil*, 49 1-2 lfiit-hang s' n et, at lOo’c’o ;k
A. M., tor U*e purpo es in ill*1 license sc* forth.
Sarah E. HATCH,
GuxrdUu oi Caleb Hatch A als.
Port'and, Nov. 11, 1871 novl3-lawJ»M
JK. K. HUNT,
Oommiuion Maiohant and Anotionear
VO. 316 Congress st., will sell every evening
Lx large <4>soruueiit ot Staple and Fancy Goodi.
Goods wilt be sold during the day in lots to Sill',
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advance*! or* u
dascription* oi goods. Consignment* not limited.
February ll, 18U8. dtt
!V-o-(-i-c-c T-li-e-s-c
F-A-C-T-S!
—THAT AT—
DURAN’S
Clothing House,
Can he found any aMIcle in lhe way o< Wearing A
para! lor AK11 and Hoys and at prices that
Will apeak for Themselves.
Wo have a well assorted stack, our floods are Hr*
rlaas in ever, respect, aim we aim to plesae In prices
material »td make. Who cau’i afford to dress well
with Clothing at there pii.ca.
Qrerrsala 88
Qrrrfaati
^ri seoula 30
81# Jjiiaiuea lain
JLjuaiueoe Sails
*t Jjsilseu Rslis
J prefer* 8S.
J 4 refer* to
1'reefer* 18
X
ItS J^resi Stills
■o ^res* Mull*
30 j^rraa Mulls
Jjsyp sulls 45
joys’ Mulls lo
Jjojs’ Nuil* 88
85 J joys’ Orcrssaie
Is J joy** Overeea i
IS J joys’Overcoat,
pasln iiud.Vest* 85.10 18
paal*, 88 50 lo R a
pudcreool* $4 lo 18
Vests 81 ta s i
And an endless vaa iety of Xlnde wear, Cardigan
and euriiirhiLg flood*, at the same low prices.
No. 170, opposite lootof Uxehang 1
street,
Nov 9-d2wls
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE MARINE
Iusni’itiicc Co.
Skixgfield, Mass., Oct 91,5871.
Musses. Louixg Sc Tub as ton.
Agents, l*oitland:
As many of the Companies have bet*n deceived lit
the amount ol their i hirngo loaars, we conrlud
at this late day to make the following Statemeu
which we know tobecoirect.
A•*»«'(« at .TVurkct Value. 9i,oy»,oo<»
Chicago lo’sufu
not over.9450.000
All other ouf*ln titling
.47.880 8407,880
«4U ha,s
SEg-Tlils will give us our Capital oi iiOO,OOi>
entire, an 1 Surplus oi S70.7N0 and we «p»et a
ailvugc ol orer S.5 000 at Chicago.
0 Ur Adjusters are paying all losseas at Chicago in
Ca li a* taut as they can be adjusted.
Our Director* and Stockholders are pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO BATA ob their Slock $323'
OOO within thirty days, as a reserve against all out.
standing lhsks, in accordance with tha Laws o(
Massarhoselt* and New York. This wiU give us
Capital and Surplus
OF OVER
#900,000.00.
After Psyiag sll Oahlnadlag Luasa,
THIS PUTS CS ON A FIRM FrNANCl Ale
BASIS. Sclo. t your business with great care and
avoid hard and undesirable risks as heretofore, and
p’eare be particular not to give us too much In one
r;sk or 'oculity.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
S \NFOKD J. HALL, Sec y.
DWIUHTD. SMITH, Vice-Prsa’t.
The above statement will sssure the patioos of th.
Coin pat y and the public that ihe srRtN'C.’FILr> la
STRONG and alive to the situation,
Pol'cles Issue 1 on good t ropirty at tahrrates.
LORINJ THURSTON,
aoests,
0^4 Excluin^c street.
For.laud, Oct *9, ^liR
0