z
(Enmbria Jrrremaiu
erexsiiitrg. pa.
Saturday Morning, Oct. 14,
1871.
It mny interest our republican readers
in the rural districts to learn, if they have
not already heard it, that tbe radicals
have carried Pennsylvania by 10,000 to
15,000, have gained one Senator and sev
eral Representatives, thereby securing both
branches of the Legislature, have elected
John Dean President Judge and Samuel
Ifcnry to the Assembly by several bun
Ired majority, have swept Ohio by some
25,000 or so, and Iowa by over 30,000.
What else they have done that had much
better not have been done, our readers will
have to wait until next week to hear, if
they depend on U9 to tell them. AH put
together, it amounts to n big licking for
us, however. Quicn sube.
At tho election which took place in
Texas last week the Democrats achieved
a splendid victory, electing all the fouk
members of Congreps. In the present
Congress, the delegation stands one Dem
ocrat and three Radicals Considering the
baee and unparalleled expedients to which
Davis, the Radical Governor of the State,
resorted to in order to make certain a rad
ical triumph, the s iccess of tho Democra
cy, aided by the Conservative Republicans,
is the more gratifying. Texas may now
be regarded as a certain Democratic State
in the future, and her vote, as well as that
of all the other late slave holding States,
with perhaps one exception, will be cast
for the next Democratic candidate for the
Presidency.
The Radicals elected their State ticket
last Tuesday. In Philadelphia the Rad
ical election officers counted a majority of
ten thousand. No one but an idiot believes
that this is an honest expression of the
people's will. It ia however the legiti
mate fruit of the infamou9 registry law of
that city, controlled by as vile and de
bauched a set of political scoundrels as
ever tampered with and prostituted a ballot-box.
An election in Philadelphia
under that law, has become merely a
broad and disgusting farce a subject of
sneer and derision by all high-minded,
honorable men. Although the citizens'
republican party cast a solid vote of two
thousand eight hundred in favor of Diddle
and Sheppard, tho Democratic candidates
for Mayor and District Attorney, which
it was admitted on all sides would elect
them, yet when the ote is announced,
nfter having been counted by the ring of
corrupt election officers, Biddleid defeated
by about eight thousand and Sheppard
meets with the same fato by noarly three
thousand votes. It is a fraud as wicked
and gigantic as it is plain and palpable.
How long must a patient people submit
to such an outrage
Wm H Rosi, the Democratic candi
date for Assembly in this county, has
been defeated by his Radical opponent,
Samuel Henry, by a majority of 407.
This result does not give rise to pleasant
reflections, but prudence suggests to us
the propriety of not entering into a detailed
statement of the causes which have
brought it about. Reasons as plenty as
blackberries could be assigned, bat at
this time and in our present not very ami
able temper, it is better that they should
ba left unsaid. Mr. Rose has been strick
en down in the house of his own political
fiiends the blow came from a source
whence it was least expected. Uy their
own deliberate act a portion of the De
mocracy of Cambria county have entrusted
their dearest political interests, as well as
those of their fellow democrats through
out the State, to the tender mercies of a
gentleman who, although personally unex
ceptionable, is as bitter and uncompro
mising a partisan as can be found in this
or any other county in the commonwealth.
It is fair to infer that they knew the con
Fequenccs of their own acts. Any other
conclusion would be a base insinuation
against their political foresight and gener
al intelligence. As a man makes bis bed,
bi must he lie in it. If, then, the next
Radical Legislature, in i mitation cf the
buffled attempt of its predecessor two
years ago, fraudulently abstracts from the
Sinking Fund nine millions and a half of
dollars, placed there for a epeciGc and sa
cred purpose, and appropriates it in aid of
certain rail road projects of more than
questionable profit and utility if, instead
of the unholy and infamous Philadelphia
registry law being wiped out of the stat
ute book, where it is a foul disgrace, other
unjust and oppressive provisions aro added
to it, by which a few mora thousand dem
ocrats in that city are disfranchised and
excluded from (be ballot box and if, in
the Congressional apportionment to be
passed next winter, a Radical rope should
be placed arourdjthe neck of the Democ
racy of Cambria with which to hang it as
high as 1 1 a man for the next ten years
when all these iniquities, and others that
are sure to come, shall have been con
summated, the Democrats who contributed
to bring about these results will perhaps
fully realize the fatal and mischievous ef
fects rulting from their own suicidal
eoi!2uvt-
CHICAGO IN RUINS I
AN UNPARALLELED CALAMITY 1
Tb 5Xot ninnitlroij I ire of the A
Fcnrleen Thousand Honura lliirned
Ureal Aumbrrol Lives Lost.
CdicaG). October 7. The most terrible
cooflagtstion that ever occurred in this city
bruie ottt about 11 o'clock to-night; and
having already swept over mx entire block.
U tt il 1 racing with almost unabated fury.
The fire started iu a large planing mill, bit
uated beteeu Clinton anil Canal, aud Van
Rnri'ti anil Jackson streets. The wind was
blowing very (ieh, and the flames spread
with almost incredible rapidity, and ia a
few minutes the entire ktiucture was a mass
of fire. Tiie immediate vicinity is built up
mainly with small wooden tenement houses,
and two story frame buildings occupied as
groceries, saloons, etc. The inmates of many
of these houses, stai tied from alumber had
barely tirue to ru.h out ia their scanty night
altiie, leaving their household gods to de
struct iou. In several instances children
wore hastily wrap pad up in blankets and
quilts to break their fall and were thrown
trom windows to tbe ground. When the
alarm sounded for the fire, another of con
siderable magnitude was burning on Wells
at reef, near Adan.s, and several engines wore
necefharily kept at woik upon the fire. The
ieet of the engines in the city were moo on
tbe ground., but betore they arrived t ie Die
had apread over so wide an area, and was
so rapidly spreading, that tff rts seemed of
little avail. liiiween fJanal btreet aim the
river were several lumber yards, which are
entirely deatioycd. At this hour the fire
has made a clear sweep from Van Bureu
street North two blocks to Adams and West
to Clinton. Three blocks from the river be
tweeu Van Bureu and Jackson are burniug.
and the wood-woik of the Western approach
to the Adams street blidge is destroyed. A
large coal yard, containing thousands of tons
of coal. Mtuated between tbe Chicago and
Alton and Pittsburg and Fort Wayne R.ul
ruad track and the river, is on fire aud
burning furiously. The immense grain ele
vator of Yiniceut. Nelson Co., one of
tht finest in the city, id immediately adj iiu
ing. and though intended to be fire-proof,
tbeie seems little t'oubt that it will bo de
bt royed, as the inlLLpe heat to which fit is
cubjected will crack tbe slate, with which it
is covered, both on the roof aud bides. It
contains many thousand bushels of graiu of
all kinds. The depot of the Pittsburgh,
Fort Wayue, aud Chicago, and Attou aud
St. Louis Riiln ads. is situated north of Ad
ams, and between Canal street and the river.
One of tbe buildings, a light wooden struc
ture occupied as an exprebs office, was ou
fire at midnight, aud is undoubtedly destroy
ed. The scenes in the "iciuity of the confla
gration are indescribable. Half of tbe pop
ulation of the city seems gathered there.
Tugs ou the liver are engaged in towing to
places of safety the vessels nioorad in the
neighborhood, while locomotives are hastily
pulling out a great number of cars standing
on tbe track in flames.
Latbk 1:30 A. M. The fire is appa
rently l aging ms fiercely as ever. A biock
of buildings ou the North side ot Van Buren
street, w hich was thought an hour ago could
be saved, is now wrapped iu flames. Tbe
elevatur is safe, so far, and tbe fire seems to
be spreading South and West, notwithstand
ing the wiud is now directly from the Suth,
and blowing hard.
Chicago, October 8. Shortly after send
ing the last dispatch this morning, detailing
the progress of tbe fire in the western divi
sion, the flames were arretted. Tbe space
burned over embraces four blocks bounded
north by Adams street, west by Clinton
6tieet, south by Van Buren street, and east
by the Chicago river. Some four or five
buildings within the limits named, remain
uninjured. Among them Viuicent, Nelou,
Co.'s warehouse, one of the largest in the
city, which escaped serious damage. The
space burned over was covered with lumber,
coal and wood yards, planing mill, viuegar
factory, and a large number of dwellings aud
saloons of the poorer class. A close estimate
of the loss places it at $250,000 to S00,000;
half probably insured. Tbe fire originated
in Lull Holmes' planing mill, on Canal
street, near Van Buren, and as the wind was
fresh fri'tn the South, the fire spread North
ward rapidly and thence East. In thirty
minutes tbe whole district was all ablaze.
Mrs. ilargaret Iladley. living oa thd North
side of Jackon street, was burned to death.
It is impossible to learn to-night the exact
amount of insurance and all the names of
companies that are victims.
Chicago, October 8 1:45 A. M. To
night is the most fearful in the annals of the
city. The fi:e which commeuced at 10 p.
m. has already swept over a space at least
three tiroes as lare as that of last night and
is still tushing on with greater fury than
has marked any stage of its progress. The
engines appear almost powerless. Fire
Marbhal Williams has just telegraphed to
Milwaukee for all the steamers they can
spare. The conflagration has already devas
tated twenty blocks, mostly composed of the
smaller clasa of dwellings inhabited by poor
people. No less than 300 buildings have
beeu entirely destroyed, and more thin that
number of families rondcred homeless. The
wind is blowing a gale from the South and
carrying showers of sparks to every part of
tbe city, threatening destruction on every
hand.
Two A. M. The fira is still raging with
increased fury, and has spread a distance of
more than a mile from where it started, and
covers a breadth of nearly half a mile.
Chicago. October 8 11 P. M. A fire is
now raging in the Western division, which
appears to be as large as that of last night.
The alarm was given at 9:45 P. M.
Chicago, October 9. The fire is still rag.
ing, with a heavy Southerly gale. The
Water Works are destroyed. The firemen
can get no water, and the fire has full swav.
I Nearly five miles of the city are in ashes.
express ana newspaper i ruces, banks, court
house, six grain elevators, and other impor
tant buildings in ruins. The loss will ex
ceed sixty million-!. Assistance is badly
needed. Food and water are wanted for
thousands of homeless people. The suffering
is tutense. and there is no telling when the
names will be subdued.
ONE U ALF OF THB CITT DESTROYED.
Edokwood. ten miles from Chicago. Octo
ber 911 A. M.Tbe work of devastation
continues. More than one-half the city is
already destroyed, and the flames continue
the ir ravages almost unopposed. At about
one o'clock this morning tbe 6re crossed the
liver at tho Adams Street B ides, and soon
destroyed the Gas Works. The fire then
spread in every direction. At this hour al
most every building from Harrison street
North to the Chicago river is destroyed, in
cluding all the insurance offices, banks, ho
tels, telegraph offices, newspaper establish
ments wih the single exception of the Tri
bune office, which is fire proof), court-house,
Sherman House. Tremont House. Palmer's
New Pacific Hotel. New Bigelow Hotel, and
in fact everything e!se is swept clean. This
district embraces all the heavy business
houses in the city. It is not known whether
any lives were lost, but the streets are filled
with people, many mourning miasini; rela
tives aud friends. Washington, Mtdison,
Market. Clinton. Jtfferson, Buffalo, and
Uiiawold streets, and all that part of the
city, is a blackened mass. Thousands of
ptople in vehicles are on the roads liom the
villages to aid the people In Chicago. The
firemen and policemen are working like he
roes. The fire bas extended over a circuit of
three miles, aad both sides of Chicago river
are in mini. Great exertions were made to
6avo tbe Court House and Gas House, but in
vain. The latter exploded with threa re
ports, hut no lives were lost. Tbe city to
night will be in darkness. Thirty or forty
vessels in the river are now burning, and
many more are destroyed. The finest blocks
of dwellings and finest buildings in the city
are in ashes. Every fireman in the city is
called upon to do duty. Nearly all the
bridges across tbe river are burned. All is
terroT.
BUILDINGS DESTROYED.
Chicag October9 1 P. M. The fire has
swept everything from the Chamber of Com
merce to tbe lake and tbe river, mewnoie
of the business poition of the city Is in ruins.
The Mayor of Chicago has called for assist
ance aud supplies from all quarters. All
the telegraph c-ffices, including the Western
Union Telegraph building, a new edifice just
completed; Court H-iues, the Sherman,
Briggs. and Tremout Houses, the Post fBce,
the Custom House, the Board of Trade, the
U,ck Island DeDot. Pacific Hotel, in fact
everything is burnt from Twelfth street
North, aud from the canal, on the West side,
to the lake. AH the city banks are burnt,
and all the business part of the city is goue.
The fire is still raging. Water has given
out and the firemen are exhausted. The
loss will he more than $500,000,000.
THE PATH OF THE DBS TR'-YINQ BLEJIENT.
Chicago. October 9 5 P. M. Tbe awful
work of destruction still goes on with relent
less fury. From Harrison street, in tbe
South, to Division street in the North, and
from the river to the lake, an area of four
miles long by one mile wide, the names
have swept everything before them. It is
estimated that at least one hundred thou
sand people are homeless, and in a suffering
condition. The streets in the districts still
unburned are lined for miles with such house
hold goods as have been saved from destruc
tion. The most generous offers of assistance in
money ,fod, or anything wanted, are coming
iu from almost every city and town through
out tbe country by telegraph. The Mayor
bas respouded to several offers, asking that
cooked food be providrd as soon as possible.
Firemen are ou their way here from Cin
cinnati, St-Louis and other cities. Build
ings are now beiug blown up on the line of
the fire, to attempt to arrest lis progress.
HOFK4 OF THE SAFETY OF THE WATEB WOBES.
Lateb. It is now believed that the
spread of the fire Southward bas been stayed
at Harrison Btreet, but on the North side
there is no diminution of its fury, and that
entire division of the city is evidently doomed
to utter destruction. There are grave fears
that tbe flames may spread to the West side
of the North brauch of tbe river, and the in
habitants of streets nearest tbe river are al
ready moving to places supposed of greater
safety. The Western Uuion Telegraph Co.
have now six wires working East and South,
running into a temporary office at the cor
ner of State and Sixteeuth streets. The
Northwestern Railroad Company are run
ning trains on both its branches, which are
crowded with fleeing citizens. It is now
positively asserted by some that the water
works are still Intact, but the water bas been
shut off from the Southwest divisions on ac
count of the quantity being used on tbe
North side. A reliable gentleman, just ar
ived from the North division, brings the
joyful intelligence that the water works are
uninjured. God grant it may prove true.
THE LOSSE8.
It is impossible to give, even approxi
mately, a correct statement of the losses,
but a faint idea may be formed when it is
stated tbat every bank in the city, except
two small savings institutions, one ou Twenty-second
street, in South division, and one
on Randolph street, in West division, are
destroyed all th6 wholesale stores, all retail
establishments, the Postoffice, Court House,
Chamber of Commerce, every hotel in South
division except Michigan Avenue Hotel,
which, standing on tbe extreme Southern
limit, escaped, though badly scorched, every
newspaper office, the Tribune building,
which was supposed to be fire-proof, having
finally succumbed every theatre, aix of the
largest elevators, the immense depots of the
Michigan Southern and of the Illinois Cen
tral Railroads, both of tbe passenger and
freight depots of the latter more than a
score of churches, and much of the shipping
in the river, all destroyed. Men who were
millionaires yesterday morning aro nearly
penniless to day.
loss or LIFTS.
But more terrible than all is tbe certainty
that many human beings have perished in
the flames. How many, no one can tell,
perhaps no one will ever be able to tell, but
it is kuown that some have perished, and
there are only heart-strickening fears that
the victims may be counted by scores. Hun
lreda of horses and cows have been burned
in atables, and ou tbe North side numVers
of animals, though released from confine
ment, were so bewildered and confused by
the sea of fire which surrounded tbem. tbat
they rushed wildly toward the fire and were
scorched and killed. Any attempt at a de
scription of scenes of the appalling calamity
would be the simple facts, that the once
great city of Chicago is destroyed that hun
dreds of millions of active capital here have
vanished, and nearly one-third of Chicago's
inhabitants are homeless dependants, are
enough. Any attempt to embellish would
be mockery. As this awful day draws to
a close, thousands of auxious eyes watch the
clouds of smoke which still roll over the
burnt district, with evident dread that a
sudden change of wind may turn the flames
upon that portion of the city yet spared.
There seems, however, little cause for as-
.prehension, aad the reinforcements of firemen
Irom other cities are constantly arriving.
Colonel J. J. Wilson, Superintendent of
the Telegraph, is in receipt of dispatches
from the leading cities announcing that aid
is being provided for the sufferers. Colonel
Clowry, of St. Louis, telegraphs that J70.
000 have be?n subscribed by the merchants
there. Cincinnati promises $200,000, and
Cleveland is proportionately generous. All
this and a great deal more will be needed to
rel ieve the immediate pressing wants. Ev
erything is being done by General Stager
and his assistants to keep up communication
for the citizens and press for the world out
side. About three-fourths of the United
States mail was saved and taken possession
of by Col. Wood of the Post-office service.
Chicago, October 109 A. M. There
are a thousand people camped about four
miles out, and perhaps aa many more at
Lake View, and on Fullerton Avenue, near
Prairie. The people are being fed in the re
maining churches, school houses, tinder sheds
and by the roadsides.
It was cold and chilly this morning, caus
ing great suffering, but it is now clearing up
again. Instead of this being welcome the
people aro praying earnestly for more rain,
so fearful are they of the continuation of the
fire. This U the situation this morning.
Lto on Sunday evening, a boy went into I
a stable on DeKoven street, near the river
on the west silt, to milk a cow, carrying
with him a kerosene lamp. This was kicked
over by the cow and the burning fluid scat
tered among the 6traw. This was the be
ginning of the great fire. A single extin
guisher on tbe ground, or the active work of
the police in tearing down one or two shan
ties, would have prevented the spreading of
the flames. But engines were waited for,
and when arrived the firemen, stupified by
their exertions at tbe fires on Saturday night,
worked slowly and clumsily their efforts
were unavailing. The wind from tbe south
west blew a gale, and rapidly tbe names shot
from house to house and fiom board-pile to
board-pile, until the district burned the night
before was reached. Meau while the flames
had crossed the river, north of Twelfth street,
spread to the south side aud made for the
brick aud stone business blocks, railroad
freight depots and manufacturing establish
ments, x
The full extent of the danger was realized
for the first time when the Fire Department,
already tired out, worked like heroes. The
Mayor and his city government, that bad
supinely rested, now began to exert them
selves, but the opportunity had been lost.
The time when a thorough organization
could have blown up the buildings or pre
pared vfor the emergency, was neglectad. It
was cow a fight for life. The wind was
blowing, and a stiff gale had possession of
the flames, and tbe beautiful buildings, Chi
cago's glory, lay before them. Harrison,
Van Buren, Adams. Monroe and -Madison
streets were soon reached.and the intervening
blocks from the river to Dearborn street on
the east were being consumed. Three-quarters
of a mile of brick blocks were consumed
as if by magic.
HEARTRENDING SCENES.
By ten o'clock in the forenoon was to be
seen the most remarkable sight ever beheld
in this or any other country. There were
from fifty to seventy-five thousand women
and children fleeing b every available street
and alley to the southward and westward,
attempting to save their clothing and their
lives. Every available vehicle was brought
into requisition, for the use of which enor
mous prices were paid, and the streets and
sidewalks presented a sight of thousands of
persons and horses extricably commingled.
Poor people, all colors and shades and every
nationality from Europe, China an 1 Africa,
mad with excitement, struggled with each
other to get away. Hundreds were tram
pled under foot, men and women were load
ed with bundles containing their household
goods, to whose skirts were cliDging teuder
infants half dressed and barefooted, all seek
ing a place of safety. Hours afterwards
they might have been Been In the vacant
lots or in the streets far out in the suburbs,
stretched in the dust. These are suffering.
These are the lattibs whom Christ now calls
on the rich world to feed and clothe." God
keep them if the heart of man shall prove
obdurate.
EPISODES.
One of tbe most pitiful sights wa that of
a middle aged woman on State street, loaded
with bundles, struggling throueh the crowd,
singing the "Mother Goose Melody," "Chick
ery, chickery, craky crow, I went to the
well to wash my toe," &c.
There were hundreds of others likewise
distracted, and many rendered desperate by
whisky or beer, which, from excessive thirst
in the absence of water, they drank in quan
tities, spread themselves in every direction,
a terror to all they met.
FRIGHTFUL I.OS8 OF LIFE.
It is fearful to think of the loss of life. It
is conjectured, and with good cause, that
nearly five hundred have been burned to
death. We saw six men enter a burning
building, and in a moment they were over
whelmed by a falling wall. There was a
crowd of men around the corner of this build
ing, trying to save the property, when the
walla yielding, some of them were buried
beneath. These were on the south side.
On the north side twelve or fifteen men.
women andchildren rushed Into tbe build
ing occupied by the Historical Society, a
fire-proof building, for safety. In a few
minutes the flames burst up, and they were
burned to death. Among them is the ven
erable Col. S. Stone, lorjg connected with tbe
Society. He was eighty years of age. Also
John B. Gerard and wife, and Mademoiselle
De Pelgrone, a noted teacher of music, per
ished. It is feared that Dr. Frear and fami
ly also were burned, as they were in the
building and have not been seen since.
All the books and papers of the Historical
Society, including the original copy of the
famous Emancipation Proclamation of Pres
ident Lincoln, for which tbe Society paid
825.000. were destroyed.
Mrs. Edsall, whose husband was murdered
last week, then suffering from illness, was
carried away for protection to a building
which was afterwards consumed, and it is
feared she also perished.
BURNING OTP THE ASYLUM -ORPHANS MISSING.
It is feared that a large number of chil
dren and infants of the Catholic Orphans'
Society, on State street, were also burned, as
many of them are missing.
On Chicago avenue a father rushed np
stairs to carry three children away, when he
waa overtaken by the flames and perihJ with
the children. The mother was afterwards
seen on tbe northward side a raving maniac.
In the same neighborhood a family of five
persons perished. The list of such fatalities
is very long, and cannot be fully verified till
after the smoke shall have cleared away.
There ae hundreds of families on that side
who saved no clothing, and but barely their
lives. Among these is the family of Perry
Smith, formerly the President of the North
western Railroad Company.
THE LOSS FULLY $300,000,000.
Later -A careful survey of the insur
ances to-day shows there were written on
the property destroyed over two hundred
millions of dollars. Add another hundred
millions to this sum. and a fair estimate can
be reached of the loss. All the leading mer
chants who have been seen, express the de
termination to resume business at once.
Cincinnati. October 10. Twenty-three
dead bodies have been found. Dispatches'
received here state that the fire has been
subdued on Thirty first street and la now
completely under control. No further dan
ger ia anticipated. The Cincinnati delega
tion baa arrived, but cannot distribute pro
visions until to-morrow. Special police have
been sworn in and are guarding tbe city.
There is suffering and wailing on all sides.
Chicago, October 103:10 P. M. Word
in just brought that a fierce fire is raging on
Thirty-first street. This street is two miles,
south of the southern fire limit on the south
side, and a little less than that from the
limit on the west side. This has been set on
fire for the purpose evidently of destroying
the remaining part of the city. It is largely
occupied by tbe wealthy residents. It is
also known that two men caught in tbe act
of firing a building have been shot and two
others led off with ropes around their necks.
As the wind is blowing a perfect gale, the
end now cancot be foretold. Further news
will be forwarded as soon aa received.
Chicago, Oct. 11. The wind is blowing
a gale. The fire is apparently subdued. It
has not spread any since noon.
The number of dead found up to this time
is about forty. The ru'us are not all acces
sible yet. A portion of the city will be sup.
plied with water tc morrow.
An Obstinate I.lephant.
O'Brien't- menagerie exhibited in Meriden
yesierday (Thursday), according to adver
tisement, at the usual grounds on State street.
Jut after the close of the afternoon perform
ance the great elephant Mogul took it into
bis bead to enact a tragedy not on the bills,
so walking majestically out of his enclosure,
be weut for his keeper in a fit of rage. The
keeper sought refuge under the cage contain
ing kangaroos, which Mogul disdainfully
turned over In a j fly, aad walked through
the canvass out of doors. Ibeo M went on
a t mr of inspection, and if not "seeking
whom he might devour," he certainly seemed
willing to accomodate anybody or anything
that might wish for a set-to. Meeting a pi e
of lumber in the adi iuiug lumber yard, he
quickly spread the boards in good shape for J
seasoning. Tbt-u meeting iu his path one of
the moles belonging to the company, he ran
Lis tnsks completely through its body, pin
ning it to the ground, and killing the ani
mal instantly. The next obstruction in his
mBjt-i'ty's path was a wagou belonging to
Messrs' Grether Hall, which he scornfully
seized with his trunk, and raising it, smashed
it to pieces; theu he returned to the dead
mule, and again plunged his tusks through
it, ar.d breaking ff one of his tusks close to
the jiw. paunteriLg carelessly into State
a 1
street, with none to molest or to mase mm
afraid, the crowd following at a safe distance
behind, while before and about him every
body seemed to be very busy in getting out
of his way. The keeper arid other attaches
of thrt menageiie soon rallied, and by strat
egy and good tactics he was induced to enter
a fijld belonging to Mr. Camp, thence into
an orchard, where he indulged in the pas
time of tearing and smashing whole lengths
of picket fence. The novel mode of subdu
ing him, temporarily, by shooting him in
the face aud trunk wilh buckshot, was
adopted. Some fifty heavy charges were
fired at him the stinging cff ct acted well
as a slight check upnu his operations, during
which his keeper fearlessly approached and
chained him to an apple tree about twelve
inches in diameter, hich was no sooner dis
covered by tbe euraged animal than he in
inVantly and withcut apparent effort, but
with the greatest ease, ti re it up by the roots,
and again created the greatest consternation
among the immenso crowd who had now col
lected in the immediate vicinity. All went,
and stood not on the order of going, but
some tall running was done, and a--me lai'gh
able "iDcidente occurred in the stampede, leav
ing the g oind free to Mogul and his would
be captors.
He was, by great daring and ag:Iity on
the part of bis keeper, again secnred by
chaining his hind feet to a very large tree
here he was left for the night, and a guard
stationed wilh rifles loaded with ball, to bill
him should be again break loose during the
night. lie was evidently much chagrined
at his confinement, and continued to snort"
and struggle to break the chain, affording
much excitement throughout the city during
the entire night, but fortunately he was held
nntil abont 5 o'clock this morning, when his
keeper, with the assistar.ee of the entire foice
of; tie ooncern and about 500 citizens, un
dertook the job of punishing and subduing
the monster. Large ropes and chaius were
procured, and after many attempts, in which
the same were broken quite easily, he was
finally, at the end of two hours, thrown
down, and recured in that position, when
simu'taneously his beating began by a dozen
strong men with clubs, iron bars, spears, and
pitchforks, aud continued until tbe men were
exhausted, and again renewed fiom time to
time for about two hours, at which time,
after many wounds, and ponnding enough
to seemingly kill him, he was as obstinate
as ever. Refusing to surrender, be was left
to his own reflections in this condition, and
the beating abated for a time. At the pres
ent time of writing (twelve honrf). he seems
determii.ed not to succumb. A choice he
has of doing so or being killed, as in his
dangerous mood he will not be allowed to
rise without evidence of a change of heart.
It is estimated that the damage done in his
tantrum will cost over $700. Fortunate it is
that do lives were lost. 2f Haven Register.
The Gbbat Conflagrations. A Fire
Line Three Hundred Mile Long and One
Hundred Miles Wide The fires which for
a ftei-k or more rat havn Viwn EKnninir
over Minnesota and Northern Wisconsin,
cover sections of country truly enormous.
That in Minnesota, at latest dates seems to
have started in Dakota territory, although
there is no evidence as tojthe precise locality.
The south end of the conflagration is cross
ing Northern Iuwa. while the northern end
reaches far un toward the head nf T.nk Su
perior, and is sweeping down tbe valley of
the St. Peter's river, and the forests east of
the Miisiippt above St. Cloud. It seems
probable that this fire is advancing on a line
1 .i l. J j :i i .i
ucrarijr mica uuuuiru limes long, ana mat It
has passed over a terrtory scarcely less on an
average than one hundred miles, although
the outlines are irregular. That in Wiscon
sin is even more terrible, reaching from near
New London through all the country east
and north as high up as Menominee river,
and how much further is not definitely
known. It is also following down the Lower
Fox river from Osbkosh towards Green bay.
and a large force of tbe Chicago and North
western railroad men have been engaged for
several days in protecting the ties and bridg
es from destruction. Buildings have already
been destroyed near Fort Howard, opposite
the city of Green Bay. On theeast side of Fox
river it has been equally disastrous, covering
nearly tha whole country west of Manitowoc,
and far up the peninsula northward, embrac
ing millions of acres of the finest timbered
land in the west. Thus far no fires are re
ported in the Wolf river pineries west of the
river, or on the Chippewa and St. Croix, but
as long as the drought prevails they cannot
be considered safe. The catastrophe is so
terrible, involving so many enterprises and
people, as to amount to a national calamity,
and it has even been proposed to call the
legislature of Wisconsin together to devise
measures for the relief of the sufferers. Mil
ions in value have been destroyed, and still;
the fire fiend pursuesils way, human agencies
being utterly powerless to arrest it. The
disaster is the most wide-spreading and ter
ribly that bas ever visited the state, and will
fall with crushing weight on more than
100,000 of the most industrious and deserv
ing of the population. Large fires are re
ported in Michigan, but the extent of the
devastation is not yet known. It is proba
bly small in comparison with that west of
the lakes. Chicago Times.
It is almost inconceivable, aad yet the
fact is authoritatively stated, that while the
great conflagration at Chicago. was at its
height, two men were caught while engaged
in setting fire to houses which the flame
had not -reached. They were bung to the
first lump-post, which waa certainly too kind
a death for them. What could have prompt
ed men to act in this desperately fiendish
manner? Who can explain? Certainly' not
the desire for plunder for, if that waa their
object, tbey could not have desired a fairer
field than that which the fire bad already
given tbem.
Four or five persons were killed and forty
wounded In a riot between whites and blacks
in Philadelphia on election day.
Rllftl atoma
lien nuu a
Archbishop M'Ciotkey, of New York,
recommends a collection on Sunday t:ext in
all Catholic churches in aid of Chicago.
Grady's Circus balloou, while being
filhd with heated air at Parker's Landing,
last week, took fire, and "went up" for the
last time.
The editor of the Chester Republican
Kaa ...n shown SCO copper coins, bearing
uccu T u
date from 1740. to 1?C0 the corns bemg un-
riblv muti'iitd.
The d sco very has been made that grape
leaves make a yeast in some respects supe
r:or to hops, as the bread rises sooner and has
not the peculiar taste which many oljici to
in Lb at made trom bops.
-George O. Evans, the alleged defaulter,
was brought to H-trrisburg ou Tuesday night
last, fn tn New York, in custody of an fli
cer, and at last account? was under close
surveilance at the L chiel House.
John Hancock, one of tbe Democratic
members of Congress elect from Ttxas, is a
brother of G tueral Winfieid Scott Hancock,
and was formerly a member f the legisla
ture of this Slate from Philadelphia.
At West Chester, on Thursday, Mrs.
Amanda Spence, Colored, aed about CO
years, was shot dead in the back-yard of her
refidence, by an unknown person. An old
musket with which the crime was committed, i
was found in the 'ard.
Majir Iljdge, the defaulter, has been
sentenced to tan years haid lalicr in the pen
itentiary. In addiii' n to this he is to be
carhiered. to forfeit alt pay and allowance?
that may be due him. The amount of hi3
pif.rir.gs is 1445,406 00.
The Ntwberu Journal of Cmmerce
says It is imjH)ssible to convince the color
ed people in tbi. section tbat the tidal wave
is a myth. They ar? holding meetings night
and day, praying and exhorting their breth
ren to prepare f r the flood.
Four persons have been arrested in Lan
caster for placing obstructions on the track
of the Pennsylvania Hilroad, near that city.
Thy fastened ties on the track, but happily
whilst two engines were somewhat inj'ued
no other damage was done.
Two years in the Fenitsntiary is all a
Houston (Trx court has awarded to Sim
uel L. Smith, a negro, for placing obstruc
tions on a tailroad track, and thus causing
the death of the president. Dr. Young, be
sides wounding several other persons.
One of the latest rumors from Chicago
is that in a burnt blacksmith shop ou Rush
street the bodies of fifteen men were found
burned to a crisp, they having im-bed into
the shop to escape from the flamfs, which
h; d s irrounded them before they had discov
ered their peril.
Among the largest corn grower? in this
State b William Cameron. Esq.. of Uoion
county, who has three hundred acres iu corn
on his different faime, that will average one
hundred aud twenty lnhels t.f ears to the
acre, making thirty seven thousand and two
hundred bu.-hels.
At the York fair, last week, a cabinet
of relics and curiosities was exhibited among
other attractions, which yielded a considera
ble revenue. This was called Old Curioeity
Shop, and contained two watches of small
size, one as large as a silver three-cent piece
and the other the siz- of a silver five cent
piece.
A girl cine years of age arrived at a
town iu Central Iowa recently, having trav
eled unprotected al! the way from Western
Kansas, and bringing with her two sisters,
one an infrnt, w hich the carried in her arms,
aud the other three years old. Her parents
had emigrated to Kaosas, and both died there,
and she determined to return to Iowa.
The Sal del Rey, the great salt lake of
Texas, is an immense led of Fait about five
miles in circumference, which is believed to
be inexhaustible, as the process of production
is constantly going on. The salt is formed
naturally, and only bas to be shovelled up,
placed in carts, and takan away to be ready
for market.
Mr. Thaddcus Swbzer. of Fermanagh
township.Juniata county, met with a terrible
accident ou Saturday morning last. He w as
engaged in threshing grain, and by some
means got his right arm into the machinery,
which was torn and mangled in a shocking
manner. Dr. Crawford was sent for. who
amputated the lacerated limb at tbe shoul
der. The following cement will firmly attach
any metallic substance to glass or porcelain
Mix two ounces of a thick solution of glue
with one ounce of linseed oil Tarnish, or
three-fourths tf an ounce of Venice turnen-
lina. .1 A .1
uci l"em togeiner, stirring them until
iney mix as tnoroughly as possible. The
pieces cemented should b tied together for
two or three days.
r n,.
nr. fiiisha Fitch, a resident of East
liranay wine township. Chester county, went
to work on Friday morning, the 15th ult..
x.iau uuie ne uas not Dcen seen
or
nearo: oi ty ins anxious relatives. It is
sup
iHweu mat ne nas been tonllv .l.lt
Tue missing man is five feet eight inches in
height, bas gray eyes, smooth face, brown
hair cut close, and wore, when last seen, a
black coat, black cap, and blue pants.
Recently the officers of a school district
in W indham. Ct.. drafted a call for a school
meeting, writing it in purple ink and sign,
tug it with black. The notice was posted
as usual, but the purple soon faded entirely
out, leaving the signatures. A citizen took
down th i notice, filled out a draft for several
hundred dollars over the signature and pre
sented it. Although the money wa not de
manded, yet these committee men will here
after use black ink.
The Palatka Herald bas received an
other communication from a "reliable corres
pondent" in Orange county. The Herald
says; "It seems that the late horricane.
graphically described by Sturges, was noth
ing more than the work of an overwrought
imagination, superinduced by a condition of
the brain under the stimulating effect of
Orange county rum, and the grating motion
or the tree-tops wr-re the result cf rapid bog
ging, impressing the idea that the earth and
waters were rapidly revolving."
A singular evidence of Oregon's anti-
at Iillamook Heads. It appears that some
men were grading a road bed. and. when
twenty-five feet below the surface, one of
tbem exhumed a copper bowie knife over
twenty two inches long, two and a half in
ches wide, by three-eighths of an inch thick
The curiosity was sent to C. Roop. of Pay.!
ton. who has it in his mnsenm. ITs i. J,
other mystery for the oldest inhabitant 'to
explain. The knlfo is made of tbe best co'd-
best cop
per.
It bas iast been discovered tV,at th. ct.
of Indiana haa been paid twice by tba Treas
ury Department for boata which Senator
Morton obtained when he was Governor for
use in the war. Notwithstanding that the
Governor holds his receipts for payment in
full, tbe claim? were presented and again
paid. The evidence looks aa though an im
mense fraud has been practised, and the par
ties im plica ted will be asked to "rise and
explain." What will the Rradical preaa ay
to this Western Tammany, with 8nator
Morton at it head
"uru j "J: vr vi mere were oruists on almost L3
-Mrs. U Fel oi.of Rr cheater. New Wk. ,he u e,. J fart ,f
while passing from one car to another, car haJ been dead three W lrIt,
tying child, on the train near Chicago, fell ljad d u dr,!'
beneath the wheels. Thei. bocl.es were ter- ontr JJyl' The
I A TV o d ta
uuidlt. i'JMESTin T
au,.u.j t.cuiun some cf u
tenement in Jamaica avemi V. 1 T
I 1. .vc WL.iu-r.
IDLO !h a r U
L
1.
days no one had be-n seed to pL. lu
and they suspected something'11 Gr
On etitorine the mm ii.. s
.u
wic corpse ii Anna W
ti.f
lay tbe husband in a dru,.k, m. 'if
oouy oi toe woman was short;, i lf
udf The '''''y tr,.
hotly ot tbe woman was ghort;.
aj-jry. and from the testimony tul V'4
lowh.g particulars were tuctrtai, ej t U
ner was addicted to drink, and .,ften r,
home drunk. Atsnch tim.J(i... reLi
erally a violent quarrel. Oc Tu.
he was drunker than usual. A qu'iul
sited and was kept up umil a U!e n
neighbors distinctly bearing Uo n!
the icquest the rxuiicerer lay 0ll flr'r
occasionally muttering some uninu";
words, and entirely uncensci. n. i
rendered a verdict of death by
the bands of Charles Wagner, anj tLeCt
ner ordered his arrest.
A Singular Revelation. Oa Si'u-i
last oue Foooey. a traveling d.t!,r rr.'
formation before the t.ffi-lals at Ui -r t
dusky, O., that he bvl been er,-4'.j
time ago to pohou Barnabas UV,
sged and respected citizen. 83 vhT,.
j The contract was made by Wa.r,er's w r7
about 28 years of age. and a b7.tr,er or
j latter. Robert Gaster. the? azreeir t,
him 200. Foooey purchased Fme fV,V
nine and mixed it with milk toa-t ta. v
agoner had marie lor her husband 1;
ill.
This took place Sept. 21. in hJPZ
icg, ana ne aica :Le same everii;? 1
parties failing to raise the ?200. t he'd
gave the information ag-iust il'em ir"'.
the same time gave himself up. Ti.t th'
are now in jail. Mr. Wagocei'a C'vK
j been taken op and will te eiamii.i r
f xcitement is very great over the affiro
the parties connected with it teii
1 spectability and worh ccr.fideralle .-ore:'-,
i
j The Mayor of Milwaukee his L.-n t.v
j graphed that several towns ia li.e luC
district of Green Bhv have Iceu lur-'el
i Pishtego village and Sugar Bush settnJi
were burned on Sundar r.ier t
ed that over two hnnured persons have per
perbbed in the flame?.
Qtvc drntisnachts.
THE WONDER FT L. REMEDY rpR
CAXCKR, SYPHILIS. SCIiOFfH rir
SALT KHEI'M ar.1 ALL OTHER Uih(
BLOOD IJISEASES.
Dr. P. T. KEE.N'E having-just returnpd f-.---Ecuador
and brought with a quantitr f .r,
ornuint nnd iirmipo ftnrk. st-rup-d thro
ttle official recommendation nn-i .-iitan,'-His
Excellency the President of E'-i:tW
the Government of that KepuMic.
pared to fill orders for it to a lirmu-rl -and
at a price one-quarter of that hi b'.
cost of the firt-t very small supplv cr.rrp?:;,.4,
to ehanre. A "purloin article" m.war-".
ti?ed and sold a 9 Cunduraniro. have, f'
considerable expense, and with the cn-ry.
tlon of the authorities of L- jj. tho rr v;!.
where the plant grows, so directed thp
j of supply as to insure tbat none tut th- gr.---nine
srtirle hall te sold by us; and---
iicuiariy call the attention of tbe -'liUic, I -their
protection, to tt)i- faT.
BLISS. KF.EXF. A CO..
0 Cdlar f.. .Vi r
D. W. Bl.iss. M. D., Washineton. I. 1 i.
Buss, M. D., i. Y.; P. T. Ku.ve. M. V.. N. i.
A com jiouu.i oi OKVo-nut
e'!trc! the Otst proi.ilernf t.ie arou ih o.Jw
-oli' uv p-l di-Miriri-!-
-.-rr
FREE
Try sitmplM of our grout -r;r
81. OO illuitrated week!v-30 rear-'
tahlished. Fine steel pre-ravin??
to subscribers. Afrents make 85 a day.
for Satnrday Ciaaette. Halcwell, Me.
The oldest and raot reliable lustitutioa w.
obtaining- a Mercantile Education.
CrPractioal business men as Instruct":
For information write for a crrculr to
Ul'FF A. SO.!i, PltfbwrgB.f-
Solicited by Mnnn A
Publishers Scientiy-'."
iran. 37 Tark Row.X.T.
Twentv-five years' experience.
Pamphlets containing Fatent Laws, w. i -directions
how to obtain Patents, free.
A bound volume of 11? pufres. contains?
New CriiiUi by counties and all lanrei
HO -Fr.o-t-arir.o-a r.f Vo-hnU- VclVflUCUia
ent Laws and rules for obtaining-
I'atei.
mailed on receipt of 23 cents.
a,t the hrt'. EAR-
H. fT o r.T n m Cm -m -St II 1 PITH H I
1 BTF
Stile V. S. Prrrprtetor ot y.'-uu
Ktim'tt. T.ulhrr'. irnrir.n'f.nrnn't and
Patent. The onlv Closets that have roy
fective. The Earth Closet, by itsrfist.in.vtu
raeces,is the most valuable meens of preyen- -spread
of cholera and other contagious a.-
Send for circulars. Agf if imnloi V
Salenroom: 19 DuaneSt., Boston
way, N. Y.; 1221 Market Street, l'hiladt-.p
FOR SALE. A choice farm of IS? a -Chester
county. 30 miles from PhiUdi.u-'-Address
JABEZ BAILY, Marlboro P.
H E A P EST' A D VERTI SiK5
1ST TIIG lVORLD!
For ftft4 pr tnrti per "",lhI"-
will insert an Advertisement m
rind In a; lonrlrrn Dniliet. Propj'"-0:'.'
rates for smaller advertisements. u-1 -free.
Address
GEO. I. nOWELL CO.,
40 and 41 PA UK JtOfT, -Vir
830. AVE AVITT FAY
Agents 30 per week to sell our preflt nd
ablet discoveries- I f you want perms" ,ri
orablean l pleasant work, apply f-rr3"11
Address DYER CO., Jackson. Michirar
A Clenrrman, while residing- in V"1' i ;rl
Ica as a Missionary, discovered a Mre.""lir.
pie remedv for the Cure of Nervous
Earl.v Decav, Diseases of the I'rinarv ana
Inal Ortrans-and the whole train of a.s-
bro't on by baneful and vicious harit
numbers have been cured bv t hi n s. j
Prompted bv a desire to benefit thenm .ci-"
unfortiinate.I will send the reeiie for Pyv'
and rising this medicine, in a sealed en eI ,1r,
any one who needs it. free of charge. -JOS.T.
Ixmax, Station D, Ilible HousejVi,
A VOin orArusi- victim of early
J. rlel.ilitr. prr
THIRTY THAIiS' Xrl'JIy'c
IS THI TRtiTMKXT Ct
Chronic and Sexual Diseases.
A PHYSIOLOGICAL VIEW OF MA W0..
The cheapest book ever r'in,in"V75Je'v;''!""
injr nearly three hundred paires, nT'lniri f
dredand thirty fine plates and enrra i"
the anatomy of the human onrans in a
health and disease, with a treats
errors.thelr deplorable consequences i
mind and bodv, with the author's P'""',
ment the onlv rational and sikhvsi
of cure, as shown by a report or .j,
A truthful adviser to the marneu
contemplating marriaa-e, who enteriai
of their physical condition. 'sfnVrrrMii -t;l
aire to anv address, on receipt or i"
i -a. KAedl mirrfrtCVi 1 V i
rents m iami" s-r-i. pf. i
In PR. LA CROIX, No. 81 Matdo"
ny. N. Y. The author mav be
anv of tbe diseases upon which his t
either personally or uy u-m
sent to any part of the worio.
ture decav. etc., havinsr tried in va;n r
vertised remedv. has discovered ,n,'.'ii,j
of self-cure.which he will send to his vi-.
ferers. Address J.H.Keeves, J 'i'-1" "Z
t-wwii, auiiiK .rr I".
If
ii
-in i