Trib ne,

arm
NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27. 1871
TdF a Lass
114
toy Tuam
SHS
PRICE FOUR CENTS.
TWEED'S ARRAIGN MENT.
yor. XX XI...N°: 8,645.
AN ORDER OF ARREST OBTAINED AND TO
nr SERVED QRRVED TO-DAY.
TOE CHIEF SACHEM IN POOH Us BE gw or
RESOLVES TO KEEP SILENT FOR THE PRESE
—ALL HIS BRAVADO GONE.
At a late hour on Wednesday might, Mr.
Wheeler H. Peckham, associated with Mr. O'Conor in
the proscoution of the Ring thieves, left for Albany,
and yesterday morning applied te Judge William L.
Jearned of the Supreme Court for an order of arrest
for William M. Tweed. The proceedings were had in
Chambers, and were not made public at Albany, but
8 Das since been announced here that the suit begun
yesterday ls only civil one to recover the money
alleged to have been stolen by Mr. Tweed. The arrest
will doubtless take place to-day. It is understood that
the examination will be had In this city, ard not at
Albany, although proceedings were initiated there.
The order of arrest was not served on Mr. Tweed last
pight, but that tmportant and interesting proceeding
will take place to-day.
Mr. Charles O'Conor last evening stated that proceed
ings had already been begun agaist Mr. Tweed, and that
although the scene of the action was situated in Albany
County, Mr. Tweed would be arrested here on civil pro.
eoss, and, if he did not furnish bail, would be incarcerated
tm this County Jail. The action against him would be
virtually for the recovery of stolen money. The plain
ff in an action of this character could lay his complaint
tn any county in the State. The defendant might apply
gor a change of venue, but it was entirely in the discre
&on of the Court as to whether such change would be
granted. He belicved that no fair-minded, intelligent
person could read the papers and affidavit presented by
Mr. Tilden and not be convinced of Tweed’s rascality
Jt would bo very strange if Tweed did not have gome
dcfense to offer. All mep, no matter how deeply in
volved or how palpable their guilt, would be certain to
Rave a defense of some character.
Upon being questioned as to the identity of the persons
mot traced whe had received the millions of doliars
specified in the summary of Mr. Tilden’s exhibits, Mr.
©’Oonor replied, smiling, Ah! that is for you to find out,
if you can.”
NO ACTION AT YORKVILLE COURT.
It was reported yesterday morning that action against
Willlam M. Tweed would probably bo taken in the York
wdllo Court asin the case of Mayor Hall. Justice Caul
ger presided, and nothing occurred of note except the
disposing of tho usual charges of drunkenness, Vogo
boadage, &c. A TRIBUNE reporter last evening ascer
tained from Judge Bixby that he had issued no warrant,
and had no know!cdge of what course would be pursued
beyond what had been intimated in the morning papers.
Judieial courtesy would require that any application for
warrants should be referred by hia to Associate Justice
Ooculter, who during this week would conduct the pro
seedings of the Court.
MR. TWEED'S DEFENSE.
The Department of Public Works was thronged at an
early hour yesterday morning; the customary loafers
®peing largely enforced by a crowd of small politicians,
attracted by the publication in detail of the evidence of
Mr. Willan M. Tweed’s robberies of the County Treas
wry. Mr. Tweed himself was early in attendance at his
effice; but no longer the bluff, hearty, devil-may-care
Temmany chief. He looked sad and care-worn, and had
Jest all his usua! buoyant effrontery. Beveral political
delegations call 1 on business, and took the opportunity
of offering every mark of sympathy and cou
dolence which the Democratic spirit of the
Iiquor-stores of the Sixth and Fourth Wards would
possibly dictate. PBrig.-Gen. William M. Tweed was most
potive as Master of Ceremonies, and ushered in all and
pvery one to the presence of Mr. Tweed with an amount
of urbanity that would have been charming if the
surrouhding circumstances had not been so unpleasant.
On the stair-ways and in the halls and ante-rooms were
psscmbled a larg concourse of Mr. Tweed’s more hamble,
but very vulzar and profane, supporters. The amount
pf dollars wagered, oaths sworn, and protestations of
Pdclity avowed, would occupy the time of a dozen first
plass professional accountants for at least a month to
pome in summing up.
«Bee here, now exclaimed a true geion of Tammany,
there aint no jail in this State big enough to hold Bill
Fweed. Put him in there wouldn't be bricks and
wportar left to-morrow. No, Sir. Them insurance
offices is talking pretty big; but there wouldu't be uo
salvage there.”
Throughout the day rumors, first of the most startling
and then of the most reassuring character agitated the
Fammany bosom. John Graham fussily made Lis way
tanto Mr. Tweed’s sanctum. Mr. Graham is reported to
Rave received a $10,000 retainer fee as Mr. Tweed’s coun
sel. A messenger from the Department of Publio Parks
pushed in with a strictly private note from Mr. Bweeny,
pod at once the Langers-on came to the conclusion that
all must be right.
«That's an important letter,” efaculated one of Mr.
Fweed’s right-hand men; Peter B. don't send letters by
the Controller of IMs departinent, unless it's something
pretty important.”
The arrival of a TRIBUXE reporter was evident'y an un
pleasant episode but Gen. Tweed gave him the heartiest
of welcomes, though he had never seen him before. He
ushered him into a room away from the crowd, and im
mediately hurried off to inform the “Boss of hie pres
ence. Mr. Tweed received Lim graciously, but with a
sad and disheartened manner.
Ro, Bir, I have nothing to say,” he replied in answer
to the reporter's inquiries. “My counsel has enjoined
me to say noting. I donot talk to any one. This I may
asy, that I have not yet received any official notice of
Jiopeedings against me, and that if they are brought on,
I am told they will be, I have a full and complete
pnswer to any charges that may be brought against me.”
Further than this Mr, Tweed would not go. To every
mquiry he replied: “My counsel has requested me to
pay nothing.” Mr, Tweed was busy, but his activity wore
mere the air of desperation than of confidence. The
arrival and warmly expressed unchangeable regard of old
friends seemed to have little effect in restoring his usual
puoyancy of spint. Mr. Tweed looked teu years older.
He left his office soon after 4 o'clock. Ho had not been
ne long before a rumor spread like lightning that the
prea officers were after him, and in spite of the as
oe from the Sheriff's Office that no judicial writ for
Mr. Tweed’s arrest had been received, the report was
eagerly bandied about.
It is understood that Mr. Tweed denios that the money
shown to have been received by him was dn repayment
ef sams loaned to the contractors. He does mot deny
that he got the money. This defense does mot explain
why he received it through a third person, and why he
only s fraction of the sums paid his agent. Nor does
explain away the damning fact that some of the money
thus received, as alleged, from contractors who owed
Rim, are shown to be proceeds of the forged warrants of
John H. Keyser Co.
THE FEELING IN WALL-ST,
The Tilden affidavit and ‘exhibits, although the theme
of exceedingly animated discussion in business circlee,
excited little astonishment, as all were convinced of the
@ulit of the members of the Ring, and merely regarded
he additional evidence as confirmatory of what they
rely, A felt that there was an indication that
his colleagues would Vv
deserts and LOTR Te Tm eee) 3 soon receive thelr
odious miarule. The tables of figures socompanying Mr.
NO OPINIONS AT CITY HAIL.
Bots, and as carrying conviction with them.
aaa
SHEQUIRIES 4% TO THE “PARTIES NOT TRACED"
IN MR. TILDEN'S TABLES MET WITH REe
BUFFS—MAYOR BALL INDIGNANT,
The followisig conversation took place yes
Serday between Deputy Controller Green and a Prrsuxs
3 Who Was inatructed to inquire if any evidence
wideh 3 was proper to make public existed in regard to
who received the 4,718. in checks of Garvey, Inger
Samed in the sfidavite, of 10 parties not traned
Tats In cheats of Sa Xho pessived
ore pal i Y, Lugersoll, and
Webs alesse named in
JAstated fn TY
Oresn~] de not.
sr—Do0 you know Con
the oy part
Gpsen—1 do not know that either of
30 haow of sar evideer ld:
show that Mr. Hall or Mr. Connolly received any part of
New-1)
AUBL 98,1 (5,500 7
Iu reply to this question, the Joportar waa roferred to
one of the associate counsel of the Controller's office.
Roporter—(To associate counsel) Do you kuow of any
evidence showing that Mr, Hall or Mr. Connolly, or vith
other person popularly supposed to be connected wi
the Rlug, received any part of the money referred to
in Mr. Tilden’s amdavit and table published this morning
Associate Connsel—As one of the counsel of the Con
troller's office, I must decline to answer your question.
It would be unprofessional for me to answer it.
Reporter—Then vou will not tell me whether to your
knowledge such evidence is or is not in existence
Associate Counsel—No, Sir; I will not.
A reporter also hold with Mayor Hall the following
conversation:
Reporter—Mayor Hall, have you seen THE TRIBUNE of
this morning {1
Mayor Hullo, Bir, and I am not likely to, for itis a
r I never read.
Pr Tho yon know nothing of the statement it
contains about, the 4,778,505 in checks of Garvey, Inger
soll and Woodward, which were paid to persons not
Ma Han 1d Site)
or —1 do not.
Reporter—-Wil you allow me to explain the matter to
you
Mayor Hall—Certainly.
The reporter of THE Yirmaune Sxmiained to the Bajos
the passage in the editorial of THE TRIBUNE of yesterday
morning asking if evidence inoulpating othors had not
been suppressed, and demanding that no guilty Jetson
should be shielded for expediency’s sake, and alluding
to the connection of the Mago with the ad interim
Board of Audit. The Mayor replied
Say to THE TRIBUNE for me that I shall be glad ifit
will publish to the world that I received every dollar of
that amount.
Reporter—Dont you want to reconsider that answer 1
Mayor Hall—* I'do not if THE TRIBUNE has anything
to say about we in connection with those checks, I pre
fer LA say that I received the amount they repre
sen
Reporter—Do you know whether Mr. Connolly recelved
any part of the TTT8.68661
Mayor Hall—I only answer for myself; Mr. Connolly
must answer for himself, 4
FURTHER EVIDENCE FORTHCOMING—WOOD
WARD'S OTHER CONFEDERATES TO BE
TRACKED MR. O'CONOR'S ASSISTANTS AT
WORK.
In the summary of the exhibits accompany
ing the affidavit of Samuel J. Tilden, published in yester
day's TRIBUNE, reference is made to checks of the dif
ferent Ring tools and tradesmen which were pald to
parties not traced.” This would seem to indicate that
the investigations of Mr. Tilden and his associates either
had not been pursued far enough, or that it was their
inteution to screen the receivers of the other two-thirds
or more of the plunder taken from the City Treasury.
Mr. Tilden, however, explains the absence of
the names of other well-known Ring operators
from the aflidavits and exhibits on the ground that
he aud his associates did not possess the facilities for in
vestigating their transactions, and the reason that they
were 80 successful with the accounts presented is because
Tweed and Woodward both kept accounts with the
National Broadway Bank, and their transactions as re
corded in the bank's books could easily be compared and
determined. With regard to the other members of the
Ring no such facilities existed, and as it was desirable to
bring the matter before the Courts at once, the investi
gation having developed sufliciently conclusive evidence
of fraud, they determined to uso their facts at once.
The statcinents published show that large amounts
were drawn from the City Treasury, frequently en forged
warrants, by E. A. Woodward, and that a portion of the
money thus fiiched, say one-fourth, was deposited in the
Broadway National Bank to the credit of Wm. M. Tweed,
“the other three-fourths remaining, according to these ac
counts, in the name of E. A. Woodward, To suppose
that the latter was permitted, for instance, to rotain
from a single day’s “stealings” of $38,623 11 80 large a
sum as $29,294 72, while the Chief Bachem only received
$9,328 89, is imply preposterous. Who received the bal
auce of the money, after deducting Woodward's share,
is an unanswered quostion which has as yet defied even
Mr. Tilden’s ability in hunting up circumstantial
evidence.
The secret, perhaps, lies in the fact that Mr. Tweed
kept his personal account in the Broadway Bank in
question, while the other wewbers of the Ring patron
ized other banks.
If, therefore, those who are pursuing theso investiga
tions could ascertain in what ka nolly, Bweeny,
Hall and the rest Xept their accounts, and could secure
an examiuation of the books of such banks since the
commencement of the nefarious transactions in question,
the checks to parties not traced’ might be found. It
is supposed that an order from the Court in any of the
suits now going on sgaines members of the Ring would
be sufficient, and oug! t to be attainable.
The investigation owever, has not concluded as far
as Mr, Tilden's colleagues arc concerned, but wiil con
tinue with a view to obtaining sufficient evidence against
all others engaged in the frauds.
MORE ARODUT THE RING AGENT.
THE CONTEMPT IN WHICH HE WAS HELL IN
CONNECTICUT—A CANDIDATE FOR CONGRESS
—WOODWARD’S ACCOUNTS $7,500,000.
A reporter who visited South Norwalk found
that the exposure of Elbert A. Woodward's enormous
frauds, aud his flight, are, as may be supposed, matters
of leading interest there, where, despite the vulgar pro
fusion with which he circulated iilch cows among the
lone, lorn Mrs. Gummiges, and his watchful
and substantial regard for all religious enter
prises, the mention of his name provokes
an outburst of contemptuous remarks. Ie has tried
hard to ingratiate himself with his neighbors; he has
squandered there his plunder of this city and county
with ostentatious munificence; he has friends who are
foolish enough and unprincipled enough to plead bis
generosity with the fruits in extcouation of the thefts;
but Le has been shunned by all people of intelligence in
every grade of life, and cousigned under the same ban
as Ingersoll, Garvey, and the other Ring magnates, who
have befouled one of the prettiest New-England villages
by their presence. People partial to gratuitous cham
pague suppers alone comprehend the circle to which his
prestige has been limited.
One indignant gentleman in Norwalk yestorday re
marked to THe TRIBUNE reporter, “I tell you, Sir, Wood
ward made a clean sweep before he left! He even placed
in Joln P. Beatty's charge what funds he realized from
that part of Lis estate which he actually sold and those
mortgages which he legally released. It was anticipated
here and remarked that some chicanery was going on, a8
any one could have seen by reference to the record books.
Since the first exposure in THE TRIBUNE of his operations
here he has only been seen once or twice in the village,
and came no one knew how and departed
no one knew whither, One Baturday night,
some weeks ago, Ingersoll came up from New-York by
the “owl train,” and on Sunday morning drove over here
in his barouche and took Woodward's lawyer back to
Bouth Norwalk with him. Woodward spent the day at
Ingersoll’s house, and the next day he transferred his
homestead, through John P. Beatty, to Mrs. Woodward,
and Ingersoll conveyed his in a similar manner to his
wife.
Was not the firm of J. P. Beatty Brothers regarded
as unable to redeem the mortgage Woodward had on
their works and residences 1’ asked the reporter.
“Indeed they were,” was the answer, It was so un
derstood, and for tangible reasons, too, that that release,
and most of the others, were absolute frauds. Perhaps
you observed when you examined the town records that
the transfer of Woodward's house to Beatty was entered
in the regular book, and that the deed in which Beatty
figures as grantor and Mrs. Woodward as grantee, was
entered dn the special record book. The latter is not
often referred to, and the idea was to avert, as far as
‘possible, a casual discovery of the fraud.”
“It seems that every one in Norwalk has been oog
nizant of Woodward's character and affiliations for a
long time past. What has been the general sentiment
regarding him 1”
“The current against him,” was the zeply, has been
most bitter, and the local papers have given him little
peace. He was proscribed from all decent society; for,
aaide from the odium of his later vagaries, he was con
temptible, with tastes low and uneducated, like his as
sociates, or possibly more so. He was to have run for
Congress at the next election, and was sanguine of suc
cess, but that smbition, of course, has been abandoned.”
Tlden’s affidavit were examined with great attention,
80d were universally commented on as marvels of clear
For the present jat all events, Mr, Elbert A. Woodward's
political aspirations as a representative of Conuectiout,
have been peremptorily abbreviated. In returning to
the city, the reporter met another gentleman, resident
of Norwalk, a: 51 4bo oussn 01 3 fel dosubivry
Ga releany hy 45d re whether he was acq bh
XE Certainly, I ai. He has acted as my business agent

gi
Ya fou foes kin of ase 2
I saw for few moments in the early part of the
He has since gone to Chicago, I understand.”
“To Chicago! I think you sre mistaken, Sir. Mr.
TE
und I with
8
Biih pretty thoroubly.” Na
WOOLWARD'S TOTAL DEPOSITS $7,800,000,
My. sawidly, 2ypin was again visited st a late hour
2 evening B14 FNL Shui who found him
3 ins snd, aithough appar
on raced, still genial and hearty a8 Ver.
A that results observed in the sched
{Vin Litho ba ta ventendav’'s TRIDURD relate
only to the single transaction of the special audit. It was
jutended to be complete as to that transaction, sud did
not attempt to go beyond it because of the great detail
wich the investigation involved. The eraminalion,
however, did extend back to Jan, 1, ¥£70, and showed the
same transactions prevailed during that period. Mr.
Tilden also looked i1rto the nocounts of 1869, and observed
that they were very similar. He believed that the trans
aptions between January, 1869, and May, 1870, were prob
ably as extensive as those embraced in the examination
80 Jany. and elaborately reported. In round num
bers, Woodward's deposits in the two years of
1809 and 1870 amounted to about $7,000,000. Woodward's
deposits in the four months preceding May 6, 1870, were
about $1,600,000. His Sepoeiis in 1809 were about $2,400,000,
making the total depo t8 $4,000,000, which with the 83,
500,000 in the schedule, would really make about ¥.500,000
deposits in two years, Woodward's aceount the
period embraced in the tables showed no private busi
ness worth mentioning, There was an entry on June 8
of $6,701.95, which is supposed to be a city warraut, but
which has not been traced. Another entry, dated June
11, for $44,271 79, Mr. ThHden Sopjestured to be a sum
drawn, against the warrant of the same date, numbered
2,781, and made up in the Controller's office for $69,161 83.
On thew are the initials J. H. IL. The warrant Is
stamped with the No. 70, which is the number of the
Bowery Bank in the Clearing-House, Mr. Tilden sup
pesed that Ingersoll deposited that warrant in the Bow
ery Bank, and then drew the check against it in favor of
Woodward. All the other items in the account amount
to less than joie, Spd are the ones which
may relate to oodward's personal affairs;
except those items, and the two others, one of which
represents a county warrant, and the other a cheek
drawn against a county warraul there is not a dollar in
his aceount which is not a deposit of a pounty warrant
during the period contained 4 the pudiiabe tables of
Jostoiday, or 4 Shock from Ingersoll, or a check from
ork
urvey. Mr, Tilden stated those three sources make Wp
the amount of the deposits,
I
AGAINST DISTRICT-ATTORNEY GARVIN—HE
FAILS TO CALL THE WITNESSES RECOM
MENDED BY THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY.
NO
The Grand Jury baving failed to find any,
or sufficient, evidence to warrant: them in finding an in
dietment against Mayor Hall, have dismissed the bill
against him. As the present Graud Jury are not known
to have any prejudice or reason which might improperly
influence them, it is supposed by many that their action
puts an end to tLe threatened prosecution against Hall,
and that the occupation of the Committee of Beventy in
this direction has gone. It would ecem, however, that
these suppositions are, to say tho least, premature, It
18 said that the Comittee, who have taken this matter
in hand, will not relinquish it until the result desired is
attained.
Judge Barrett who, although hc has resigned his mem
bership in the Committee of Seventy, still retains his
connection therewith as counsel, stated yesterday toa
TRIBUNE reporter that the Committee is not at all dis
heartcoed by the failure of the Grand Jury to find a true
bill against Mayor ITall; that, though the prosecution is
temporarily suspended, there 18 ¢very reason to bope
that a final result will be reached in this matter, which
will satisfy the people that the charges made were not
groundless, and that there is work still to do which
makes it imperative that the Committee should continue
its labors, not only in relation to the charges alleged
against the members of the King, but also in connection
with the endeavors to secure a fair election this Fall
Referring particularly to the action of the Grand Jury,
he said:
“1 do not say that false testimony has been given to
tho jury, but I ¢un say this: that District-Attorncy Gar
vin was requested by us (the Committee of Beveuty) to
Sabpena such partics as were acquainted with the acts
in the case, some of whom we numed to him; that none
of those persons so named were subpenaed by him, but,
instead, witnesses were sabpenasd who knew nothing
whatever of the facts and it would have been a strange
thing if the jury, after listening to the cvidence of an
fmmense number of persons who could give them uo
definite statement—no absolute facts—on which alone
an indictment could bo based, should have found a bill
agaiust him. What was the uee of subpenaing Col, Bteb
bins, or Mr. Ilavemeyer, or others who were brought
there 1 They knew that there was nothing to be ob
tained from these gentlemen, because they knew nothing
absolutely, I don’t know that aay improper influence
was used with the jury. I noticed, however. that Au
gustus L. Brown of the firn of Brown, IHall Vander
poel, was one of jthose who were subpeunaed, and it 1s
very evident, from the aotion of the jury, that Mr.
Brown gave them no facts on which to found an indict
ment.

CITY CREDITORS DEMANDING PAYMENT.
TWO MILLION DOLLARS CLAIMED BY CONTRACT
ORS—TWEED'S REPUTATION FOR VERACITY.
A Committee of ten, representing the con
tractors for paving and grading streets and making sew"
ers, called upon Deputy Controller Green, yesterday,
when the following eonversation took place:
Mr. Baird, Chairman of the Committee—Mr. Green
there is due us, in the aggregate, about $2,000,000, and we
want to know when we aro going to Ket our money.
There is due me $140,000, and a warrant for $30,000 for
work finished by me last August has been si ed. Ido
not understand why this warrant has not Keen id,
and, in fact, we are all at a loss to know why we don't
gat our money.
Mr. Green—I have, as yon know, been in this depart
ment but a short time; when I cameo into 1t I did not
find matters in a very satisfactory condition, but I am
doing all T can to get thiugs into working order, The
claims of the contractors aro uderfoing yestiqution,
These clalns come under different laws, and, before I
can pay them, I must know the laws governing each
claim, because I am, as you know, not in the habit of
doing things at random. I assure you that your clainrs
shall receive all the attention I San give them, and, when
satisfled that J claims are all right, as I pre
sume they are, I shall do all In my Rover to pay you.
I must remark, however, that the bills of the inspectors
of your work are excessive, and that, before they are
aid, they must be carefully scrutinized. hops you
fave sufficient confidence In me to trust me this
matter, and to believe that I will do as I say.
After expressing unbounded confidence in Mr. Green,
the Committees left.
A delegation from the large pipemen employed on
the Croton Water-Works then called on the Deputy Con
troller and demanded the six weeks wages due them.
Mr. Green told them that he had no money from which
their claims could be paid. One of the delegation re
plied: “That's not so. I know you have money.” Mr.
Green then sent for Mr. Btorrs, who corroborated what
the Deputy Centroller had said. Another of the delega
tion answered: Mr. Tweed told me: this very day that
the money to pay us was in tho Controller's office, and
Mr. Tweed never told a lie.”
This remark created such a roar of laughter among
the spectators that business was suspended for several
minutes, Ab ja Jesyuption, Me Green assured the
legation that he no money to pay the plpemen
ee he would $Y oud raise it by next Monday, This
was sotisfactory to delegation, and he Sera
the firm belief that Mr. Green was doing t he
could under the circumstances.
PHE CITIZENS’ JOINT INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
The final report of the Citizens’ Joint In
vestigating Committee was not presented yesterday, in
asmuch as Alderman Dimond, Chairman of the Joint
Investigating Committee of Aldermen, Bu pervisors, and
Citizens, was too ill to make arrangements for the meet~
ing, aa requested by Wm. A. Booth, Chairman of the
Citizens’ Committee, The Becretary of the Joint Com
mittee, John Hardy, intimated that the meeting would
not be ealled within a week.
STOLEN MONEY RIGHTLY USED.
William M. Tweed advanced, yesterday,
$22,369 25, to pay off the small-pipe men of the Croton
Water Works. About 480 of them received their money
{on the Chamberlain's office from the City Paymaster.
rE
CRIMES AND CABUALTIES-~BY TELEGRAPH.
__..Thore were two deaths from yellow fever in
Charen. I igh School building in Hans
bro Wnestay. es §10.605 Hollister,
CEPR: RT TABLA
oon
_...F. A. Smith's and Thomas A. Bowen's fan
[oh form, bb Portland, Me., were burned on Wednesda). Partially
.....Tarsel Freeman, no negro, was killed in Bur
lingtan. Vt reed  ouiag quel
....By the breaking of a rail at Newport, Me., yes
it SE i Sa
[oe taraed over to the ciril suthortties.
....In Woonsocket, R. I, an Wednesday evening,
oer and broken in the siruggie. Henwe s KI by
....C. T. Yerkes, ir. stock-broker
rials ri dn HR EE EES
Ning him with embessiement and lpresay.
ii The. et, torssogmiacd, UPL Some:
Bie Toft Lawell to visit relatives wr Ber Triends In ved
Suppoend abe was in Lynn, ber were net aware she
....James Fitzpa in Stalker's
Plasiag.mi in Aubora, was oy drawn into the
ny er fad rnkem od py mangle
rien wae V1 hd i he LX
aa
MAYOR HALLS (ASE.
ANOTHER COLLIERY DISASTER.
THIRTY-THHREE MINERS ENTOMBED—NO IOPES
OF RESCUING THEM ALIVE.
Loxpox, Thursday, Oct. 26, 1971.
Another frightful colliery disaster is repgrted.
An explosion took place this afternoon in the Seahan
Mine, near Newcastle, Thirty-threo men were in the
pit at the time, none of whom have yet been reached.
Thero 18 scarcely a hope of saving a single fe. Tho
tainilies of the victims with numbers of people are gath
ered around the mouth of the pit, and former scenes of
excitement and distress are renewed.
a
RELEASE OF TEN THOUSAND COMMUNISTS.
PARIS, Thursday, Oct. 26, 1871.
The number of Communists released by the
Courts is not less than 10,000. It is said that Prince Na
poleon has left Corsica.
RESIGNATION OF THE HOHENWART MINISTRY.
Viexxa, Thursday, Océ. 26, 1871
The Hohenwart Ministry tendered their
resignations to-day to the Emperor. There 18no doubt
that His Majesty will accept them. The comments of
the morning journals foreshadowed this action, as they
were all of the opinion that the political questions pond
ing before the Emperor will all be decided according to
the views of the Imperial Chancellor, Von Beust.
An appeal for contributions in ald of the sufferers of
the Chicago tire, signed by Von Beust, Erlanger, Tedesco,
Kimsky, and others, is published to-day. U.S. Minister
Jay is active in advancing the relief movement.
I
THE GOVERNMENT GAINING STRENGTH AMONG
THE WORKING CLASSES.
ROME, Thursday, Oct. 26, 1871.
The workmen's societice of Rome and Naples
have refused to participate in the Congress of Working
men which 13 shortly to be held in this city, on the
ground that that assembly will be a mere Republican
demonstration, and a8 such unfriendly to lialy. Tho
Government has relaxed the vigor of its precautions
against the Internationals and the partisans of Repub
lican agitation, belicving that thelr principles have no
hold upon the Itallan people.

NO TREASONABLE CONSPIRACES—THE COUNTRY
QUIET,
MAbRID, Thursday, Oct. 26, 1871,
The rumors which have gone abroad of eon
gpiracies agaiust the Government by partisans of the
Duke of Montpensier and of the Infant Alfonso are with
out shadow of truth. The whole kingdom is perfectly
quiet, and no demonstration of any kind against the
dynasty of Savoy is apprehended.
———r
MISCELLANEOUS ENGLISH NEWS.
AN AMERICAN BARK SUNK BY A BSIEAMALK=AXN
APPEAL FOR THE SUFFERERS BY THE NORTH
WESTERN FIRES.
Loxpox, Thursday, Oct. 28, 18TL
The bark J. B. Bradley, Bradley master, of
Bucksport, Me., from London for Philadelphia, was run
down off the Isle of Wight by a steamer (name not given),
and a portion of the crew perished. No damage to the
steamer reported.
The Times this morning urges the dispatch of prompt
and liberal aid for the settlers in Wisconsin and Michi
gan burned out by the forest fires. The Times says that
if such help is not afforded to these unfortunate people,
the ultimate suffering which will result from the North
Western fires wiil be greater than can follow the Chicago
conflagration. The contributions for Chicago at the Man
sion House up te last evening amount to £41,200. The
town of Brudford has subscribed £4,250.
The trial of Kelley, who murdered Head-Constable Tal
bot, some time ago, will commence on Monday next.
nt I —t
MATAMORAS STILL HOLDING OUT AGAINST THE
REVOLUTIONISTS—ESCOBEDO HURRYING TO
MEET THE REBELS.
MaTamoras, Oct. 22.—Sattillo still holds out
against the Monterey revolutionists. Eight hundred
Government troops have arrived to reénforce the garri
son. Escobedo, the Commander-in-Chief of the Govern
ment troops, is marching against the rebels. Benores,
Morales, and Hamata, small cities in the Nuevo Leon
province, have pronounced aguinst Trevino. Two
thousand Mexicans have crossed into Texas to escape
rebel proscription.
PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL CONVENTION.
a,
THE RITUAL CANON DEFEATED RESOLUTIONS
CONCERNING THE PRAYER-BOOK PASSED—
ACTION OF TUE BISHOPS ON THE ADMINIS
TRATION OF THE SACRAMENT.
BaLTiMORE, Oct. 26.—In the session, last even
ing, the Convention voted on the canon onthe Ritual as
reported by the Bpecial Committee and passed by the
House of Bishops, which was lost for want of a constitu
tional majority, the vote being taken by dioceses and
orders. The result was as follows: Clerical, for, 20;
against, 13; divided, 7; lay, for, 18; against, 14 divided,
9. The House was in session until 1 o’clock this morning.
This morning the Committee on Canons submitted a
report on the organization of churches or congregations
in forcign countries, recommending that this House
comeur with the House of Bishops in the amendments
proposed by them to Section 3, Canon 5, titled. With
certain amendments by the Committee the report was
adopted, and the resolutions of the House of Bishops as
amended were concurred ia,
The House then proceed with closed doors, in secret
session, to corsider the nomination of the Rev. Wm. Ho
bart Hare of Pennsylvania as Missionary Bishop at Cape
Palmas, Africa. It is understood that the confirmation
posed by the friends of the reverend gentleman
hogs) De tof the great value of his services in his
resent office of Secretary of the Foreign Committee of
fhe Board of Missions, and the very serious injury which
would be done to the foreign missionary work of the
Church by Bis wr the Bons of Bishops re.
was ado and sen ouse o hops re
uesting them to appoint a Committee of Conference on
the subject of the nominstion. Committees were a
ointe vf both Houses, and at 12:30 k m. the Rev. oh
Pratt of New-York, from the Committee on Conference,
reported to this House that tho House of Bishops, after
hearing the reasons of the Houses of Deputies, had de
cided to withdraw the name of the Rev. Win. Hobart
Hare, and will not now make any further nomination.
Provision ia made by the Canon for filling the vacancy
by the House of Bishops.
The canon, desighed to prevent alienation of the
Cburch buildings snd property by those not in accord
ance with the doctrine and disciptine of the Protestant
Episcopal Church, was taken up 85d passed,
resolution, reported by the Committees on Prayer
Book, that tion from the standard edition is
unlawful, taken up and discussed.
Tee Rev. Dr. Goodwin of Pennsylvania moved ass
tute, That the Insertien in the editions of the
Book of Common Prayer of unauthorized itallo letters,
or say change of on, or of any musical nota
tiom, or of i words whatever, is unlawful,”
which was
"The resolutions providing for Ee iPpointment of 8
standing Committee on Indian A Sol posed of six
clergymen, jo. sodperate with the Board of ons, in
response to request of the Chief Magistrate of the
United States, for promoting the civilisation of the In
disns was pasadd.
The following message was received from the House of
Bishopa!
The House of Bishops informs the House of Clerical and Lay Deputies
Bat it hae adopted the hllowing resolation:
Hesolved, the House of Clerical and Lay Deputies concurring, the
I'S canes Le adopted and enacted to be entitled Canvt
le vatien of the tlemepts lo eda Communion in such a
a8 40 expose them to the view the a objots toward which vo
retion 1 to De made, ia orafier, the of pensecation, or ia the act
of sdmitotering them, or Ix them to of from communicants;
and any posture, of ach uch Morulice} asd aay cere.
4) presenibed wa of the order of the of the
Todds Supper, or Holy Soneamiies: 13 Te Desk of Commes Prayer,
Ee the seltaration or respption of be Holy Communion by sn] bikor.
pros, when toovives with him; Hhowise the use, at aa
Ee yr it
are
Pfr aa saimaied sad somewhay zcited dlacumion, a
motion tit the vote on cot in the from
tue Bishop be taken BY o'0lock, Was carried Lu the afir-
mative, the vote being taken by dlogoses, The debate
was then continued until 4 welock; whey the vote on con.
curring in the resolution of the of Bishops, pro
canon on Ritual, was taken 4 dioceses, and
a ry Ty rr ays, divided,
v Yeas, SR Covi, Dr. Lyman
ol To Scarring, that this Oeavontion
hich 4 flied to Ago rig Rg ye
in the sathorised standards of this Church.
Tht, in tbe indument of thie liens, Bo Putweal Cosaeld
FOREIGN NEWS.
FRANCE.
AUSTRIA.
ITALY.
SPAIN.
MEXICO.
md vice of our Reveread Fatders, the Bishops of the Chureh,
DB ov Fatt li
requiar wnseemly,
he publla wermbip of te Cire, and the of the Holy
The resolntions were adopted almost unanimously.
Messages were received from the House of Bishops, con
guiriaf in the action of the House of Deputies in its
amendments to Canon 4, Title 2, relative to the restora.
tion to the ministry of clergymen who have been deposed
for other than reasons uffecttuy; their moral character.
Also concurring in the action of the House of Deputies
in awending Bection Canon 13, Title 1, relative to the
appointment of Assistant Bishops in Dioceses where, by
reason of the extent of territory. due Episcopal super
vision cannot be exercised the Bishop, Also con
ourring in the resolution of this House relative to the
unauthorized ®ditions of the Book of Common Prayer.
A me from the House of Bajos, that this Con
vention adjourn sine die at 10:80 to-night, was amended
to 13 o'clock to-night, and rMonted, A message from the
House of Bishops, that the City of New-York be the
place of meeting of the next Triennial Convention, was
concurred in, en to 7 o’clock.
In the evening session a message was received from the.
House of Bishops, eoncurring in the resolution passed
uy the House eiptosiag ovideuintion of the ceremo
ried ole, contrary to authorized standards of this
Vare
At 9:30 p. m. the Bishops entered from the robing-room
in the rear of the chancel, attired in their episcopal
robes, Tue whole House, and the numerous spectators
in the galleries rose until the Bishops had taken their
poslios. The order of evening prayer was then read
y the Rev, Mr, Randolph, Rector of ube Church
the Rev. Dr. Potter Soarefary of the House of Bishops
the Rev. Dr. Perry, retary of the House
of Clerical and Lay Peputiea and the Rev. Dr. Leeds,
rector of Grace Church. The occasion was most solemn
and impressive, the whole vast SULT Jospouding
with the utmost fervor and reverence, venerable
presiding Bishop, the Rigi Rev. B. B. 8mith of Ken
tuckv, then advanced and read the pastoral letter, The
reading of the letter was concluded at 11 o'clock, when
the oe retired, sud the Convention adjourned.
WIIAT THE DESTITUTE PEOPLE MOST NEED—
COMMENDABLE ACTION OF THE BRICK
LAYERS AND STONEMASONS,
CHi1CAGO, Oct. 26.—The Chicago Relief and
Ald Bociety receive numerous inquiries a8 to what 1s
most nceded by the sufferers in Chicago at present.
Many letters say that persons are desirous of con
tributing articles who cannot well send money. In
reference to all such proposed contributions, the Soclety
wish to say that Nothing 9 80 much needed now as beans,
potatos, and onions. They arc advised by the Sanltary
‘orumittee that the peopls” must have these articles, if
they AY to escupe sickoess, Tha Society are in
formed that many farmers would be glad to contribute
theso articles, and they ask all persons who can to ship
beans, or onions, or potatoes to them, By a little proper
attention car-loads may be made up at different places
for shipment. The Boclety also want strew beds of tho
usnal size for two persons, and friends in the country are
requested to furnish as many n8 they can. The ticking
should be of strong waterial filed with straw or prairie
hay. The society are feoding and caring for over 40,000
people at the present tine, with a very small stock of
vex: tables on haud and but little coming in.
The bricklayers snd masons are ondeavoring to form
an orgauiz:tion in which each member shall pledze Lim
self to work at the prédpary days wages, for the purpose
of rebuilding the city. Itis a their wish that each
should wor’ under the supervision of an architect, and
not for contractors, as the latter charge exorbitant
prices for work and say the masous compel them to do eo.
All Jue papers inthe city indorse the nomination of
Mr. Medill for Mayor in the strongest terms, It 1s feared
that the operations of the Chicago Observatory, which
contains the famous Clark leioucole, will have to be sus
pended, owing to the want of funds to continue them.
The Corporation of the City of Chicago loscs by the
fire Jropeity valued at €3,000,000, cousisting of bridges,
buildings, damages to the water-works, destruction of
engines, hose, &c. The damage to street jmprovements,
whieh falls upou the abutters, is not included.
The Evening Journal suys that it is now believed that
a large number of the persons burned were thieves, who,
in their unxiety for plunder, remained in the buildings
until escape was cut off.
HOW THE FIRE ORIGINATED.
A reporter of The Chicago Journal has had
the following conversation with the Mrs, Leary io whose
stable the fire started:
Reporter—*‘ Are you the lady of the house?” Mra.
ILeary—* 1 am, Bir,” R.—'* Have yu lived here dual
Mrs, L.—* Soins on five years,” R.—* Do yonown this
place 1” Mrs, L.—* do.” R.—* Did the fire startin
°F barn 1” Mrs. L.—*It did.” R.—* What was in
t1” Mrs. L.—* Five cows, a horse, and about two tuns
of nay, in the loft.” R.—* Is your husband an express
man 1” Mrs, L.—* Indade, Le isnot. We all knocked
our ving out of those five blessed. cows, and I never
had a ¢int from the parish in all my life, and the dirty
Tiries had no business to say it, bad oess to it.” R.—
“How about that kerosoue lamp story 1” Mrs. L.—
There 18 not a word of truth in the whole story. I
always milked iny cows by daylight, and never had a fomp
of any kind or a candle about the barn. It must have been
set afire. ‘Two neighbors at the far end of the alley saw
a strange man come ap about un in the evening. He
asked them was the alley straight through. They told
Mm it was, aud he went through. It was not five
minutes till they saw the barn on fire, Before Le had
time to get out the horse or any of the cows it was all
gone, and the flre was running in every direction. The
boys turned to and saved the house. I hope to die it
this isn’t every word of it true. If you was a priest I
wouldn't tell 1t any different.” All further quesiioning
was useless, The woman had nothing more or different
to say upon the subject.
[By Telegraph. Cnicaso, ML, Oct. 25, 1871.
HerriNG, FARreL SHeErMAN, No. 251
Broadway, New-York Lights 40) firws testify to saving
their property in Herring's es, taken from the ruins
of the late fire. Others coming. HERRING Co,
LATEST REPORTS FROM THE AGRICULTURAL
BUREAU.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.—The report of the De
partment of Agriculture for October says the influence
of drouth and of tho unusually low temperature of Ecp
tember has been unfavorable to the ripening of fruits
and to the maturing of corn and other crops. No gen
eral or serious damage has resul‘ed to corn, a large por
tion of the crop being well advahoed by the high temper
ature of August befure frost apneared. The drouth of
Midsummer has been almost unbroken in the West up
to the time of these returns, interfering greatly with
the seeding of grain, and with the germination and
growth of what the farmers have been able to plant.
The present condition of corn, ex or sased as a percent
age, 100 representing u good crop, is as follows: About
an average in New-Hampshire of 111; in Massachusetts
of 103: in Rhode Island of 101; in Connecticut of 105; in
New-Jersey of 102; in Delaware of 108; in Maryland of
108; in Arkansas of 102; in Missouri of 112; in Ohio of
106; in Wisconsin of 108; in Minnesota of 110; in Iowa of
114; in Kansas of 119; in Nebraska of 112,
The product of wheat, as calculated from county esti
mates, Sppeass to be about seven per cent less than last
Zoar, The per centage of last year's Siopy in the several
tates is a8 follows: Maine, 87; New-Hampshire, 106;
Vermont, 94; Massaohusetts, 104; Connecticut, 100; New
York, 109; New-Jersey 109; Pennsylvania, 138; Delaware,
100; Maryland, 130; Virginia, 85; North Carolina, 65;
South Carolina, 60; rgia, 685; Alabama, 71;
Mississippi, 86; Texas, 90; Arkansas, 85; Ten
nesses, 60; West Virgiula,103; Yeomans 76; Missouri, 102;
Illinois, 93; Indiana, 90; Ohio, 99; Michigan, ug Wiscon
gin, 90; Minnesota, 75; Iowa, 90; Kansas, 113; Nebraska,
96; Calttornia, Oregon, 101. The quality is generally
superior. It is placed above au 4vorage in all the West
ern States except Bentuoky, Iowa, and Nebrasks,
The product of cata will be about as large as the crop
of last Fear, As a whole, the quality of barley may be
said to fully wedium, and the guantity yory nearly an
average, buckwheat crop is compara valy four
one, the Srerage eondition peing low in nearly all the
States. Tho potato crop falls ow 50 averuso. The
number of beeves Reported Is Kreator than ua in most
of the States; Texas reports a reduction of 31 per gent
from last year, Kentucky 1, Illinois 3, Indiana 2, Cali
THE WAR ON POLYGAMY,
I ai‘oohbhbl
A PETITION FROM THE UTAH WOMEN IN FAVOR
OF THE INSTITUTION.
WAsBINGTON, Oct. 26.—The character of the
petition from Utah, 50 feet long, and signed by about
1,600 women of that Territory, was recently unintention
ally misstated. Instead of being against polygamy, it 1s
in favor of that institution, and was sent to the Execu
tive Mansion by Delegate Hooper, The petitioners say
that their husbands, fathers, sons, and brothers, are now
being exposed to the murderous policy of a ue of
Foderal Sacer jaunt of the Usstruction of sa Honest,
industrious, prosperous thoy
theretore ask for Ue Temoval of tho Federal ial disturbera
6 peace, or at least to e court
to law the question of the comstitutional rights
and liberty of the The petitioners express their
Sppvbuiios of gamy, asserting that it was
timed by Chrieys snd that the institation is
being perverted by officers.

PERSONAL~BY TELEGRAPH.

0. B. Hall, formerly proprietor of the Bt.
wii Catto: Yaimateds vl leave Harass, on
Si Con 5 Oca epan ofUragea os Foie
coir Milton B. Northrop, editor of The Syracuss
Sa Te ht A a
i a ie Silty
gigned, ond rh Te
in Middiotvs: ied
CHICAGO.
THE CROPS.
Tt 5% airway. Yr. BERR AMNBAERT SN MAS TTY
EX-CONGRESSMAN STOKES OF TENNESSER
CHARGED WITH BOUNTY FRAUDS ~THE CREEK
INDIAN TROUBLES SETTLED.
|BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUSNR.|
WASHINGTON, Thursday, Oct. 24, 1971,
Documents on the Tariff, including the recent coms
pilation of Tariff duties, from the year 1789 to the present
time, recently prepared at the Treasury Department,
have been forwarded to the Capitol for the use of the
Bensto Finanse Committee, which meets ere on the Tth
of November ncxt. It is not known how long the Com
mittee will remain in scssion, but it is the intention of
the members to give the subject of the Tarill laws and
Internal Revenue taxes a general consideration, in order
that the taxes may be lessened several millions ef dol.
lars annually, which Senator Sherman, Chairman of the
Committee, and Becretary Boutwell say can be dome
without injury to the public credit.
Ex-Oongreesman William B. Stckes, Supervisor of In
ternal Revenue for Tennessee, was arrested here to-day
on his arrival from that State. He is charged with de
frauding the Government by fraudulent bouuty elaims.
On being arraigned before U. 8, Commissioner J. J. Johm
eon ho waived a preliminary examination and gave ball
in the sum of, $15,000 for Lis appearance before the Crim
inal Court. Vletor J. Powell, clerk in the Second Audi
tor's office, who was arrested on Tuesday, and is now in
jail, is concerned in the same alleged fraudulent transac
tions, This series of frauds were perpetrated fn connec
tion with the military companies of the Btate of Ten
nessee, known as Beatty's and Bryson’s companies, and
whose names wore placed on the army rolls at the War
Department, in eonformity with an act of Congress
passed at its last session, A number of numes on which
bounties were drawn are belleved to be fictitious, and
the money retained illegally. The amounts will range
from $100,000 to $185,000. The Department of Justice
called for all the papers connected with these companies
a shert time ago, and they were turned over Ly thie act
ing Second Auditor. A Government official stated that a
similar act of Congress concerning some troops of the
Florida War cost the Government over $100,000 ia exactly
the same way.
Advices just received from the Indian Territory state
that the threatened civil war among the Creek Indians,
in that country, has been brought to teruination with
out more than a spasmodio outbreak by the interference
of the U. 8. Agent, Major Lyons. The trouble originated
in movement to assimilate the Creek Goverumentin
form to that of the communities about them. Before the
treaties of 1866, the Creok Chief, or King, was an hered
itary position, while the Cherokee Chief was
an elective one, The full-bloods, with most
of the colored citizens, adhered to the old
forme, and the quarrel was intensified by tho fact that
the lines, so far as persons were concerned, are drawn
abont the same as daring the Rebellion. Col. Bands, the
full-blood leader, was on the Union side, with all who
are now identified with him; while Checota, the elected
chief, and his council, were prominent on the Rebel side.
The constitutional party include the white men domi
ciled in the Nation, and 1s understood to favor sectional.
izing the lands, allotting the same in severalty, and also
granting the right of way and subsidies to railroads
seeking passage through the Nation. Beventeen
prisouers, all colored men, were brought to Fort Smith,
recently, charged with participating in these disorders.
No Indians have been arrested. The Sands party seclzed
the Council building at Ockmulgee, and were in posses
sion, on the 3d inst., when that body was to meet, Bev
eral hundred adherents were on the ground, fully armed,
when Major Lyons arrived and averted a battle. He
succeeded in inducing Sands to give way, and Checota
and his party assumed their positions unmolested. This
trouble has lasted for more than a year, and several per
“sons have been killed.
On of the subcommittees of the Joint fleet Commit
tee on Southern Outrages will meet next Wednesday to
perfect its report on the debts of the Southern States,
Senator Scott, Chairman of the Joint Committee, will be
here at that time. The sub-committee, which ia taking
testimony in the Southern States, has not yet forwarded
any official information to the Chalrman respecting its
progrees, but from information received from members
through private sources it appears they are obtaining a
considerable mass of information in connection with the
disorders in the localities visited. The members intend
to continue their investigations for some weeks longer,
when they will submit the results of their ingniries to the
Joint Committee to be 1aid before Congress. The informa
tion sought in the investigation into the financial condition
of the Southern States is, first, the debts of the Btate
Governments {n 1861 second, the debts in 1865; third, the
debts when tho respective Reconstruction Governments
came in; fourth, the dobts on Jan. 1, 1871; and Afth, what
amount each State was lable for, as indorsement or col
lateral, at this period named, for publie improvements,
&c. The Committee also asks for a statement of the laws
under which any increase of debt has Leen incurred, and
the political divisions of the Logtaintuve by which it was
incurred. Facts regarding dofaleations or loss of funds,
in any manner, during tho Rebellion or since, will also be
shins, Toe Come ton vil adh; proven
prod and the cost of the various State Governments in
the years 1853, 1859, and 1860, aud also in 1865, 1869, and
1870, the object being comparison,
Gen, Leggett, Commissioner of Patents, in his next
annual report to Congress, will recomwend that a law
way be enacted providing for the appolupiiont of a bourd
of {nepectors, whose duty shall be to cousidcr the exawn
iner’s reports before they are sent to the Commissioner,
The members of the board are to be men well versed in
patent laws, aud having a practical auwiodss ot iy
fons, Itis intended, by the appointment of this board,
to do away with the practice of giving one man exclusive
control of certain patented articles to such extents that.
applications for a similar patent are rejected, although
tuere may be priucipiesa of mechanism involved
in the last application superior to those embodied
in the original patent, but which are lost to the public
on account of Heir being worked in with Jious anroady
paused, and therefore overlooked by ths examiters,
proposed system, it is thought, will, by its adoption,
work to the advantage ot the public, und be an act of
justice to a large class of worthy inventors, who, undor
the present system, are not protected in important
coveries, The receipts of the Patent Offive from Sept. 80,
1870, to Sept. 30, 1871, werc $671,000, The expenditures for
the same period were $561,000, making the excess of res
cepts over the expenditures $111,000,
[(GENRRAL PRESS DISPATCH.)
Information has been received here that 18 citizons of
York County, Bouth Caroliua, were arrested this week,
charged with being wembers of Kiw-Klux organisation,
There are 40 persous already in the Yorkville jail oa the
A ttorne
BA SURES A Ad
ovunt a Shas oaancsaeadd des Sam Soar Shika ken
Information has been received here that 18 citizens of
York County, Bouth Carolia, were arrested this week,
charged with being members of Ki-Klux organisation,
There are 40 persous already in the Yorkville jail on the
same charge, Attorncy-Generul Akerman is personals
aldiug Marshal Johnson in his raid on the preclal
counties,
The Government has acoepted the two irom revenue
outters bujlt by David Bell of Buffalo, N. The con
tract stipula they sbould make 11 wiles an hour, bug
the Hamilton made 18} on ber trial trip. Sho has been
ordered to sea, aud placed in commission. The Galatia
will remain at Buffalo during the Wiuter.
ON BoArp THE UNITED STATES STEAMER
TALLAPOOSA, off Sandy Hoek, Oot. 2-9 p. m.—No tidings
of the Grand Duke Alexis is yet received. A fearful sea
is running, and an impenetrable fog, which has hung
over the Lower Bay and voean off Sandy Heek for the
last three days, has prevented the flag-officer from send
ing reconnoitering steamers 10 sea. The Hagehip Con
gress, the Kansas, Iroquois, and Severn are still at anchor
off Gravesend Bay, while the Tallapoosa, Lisut. Me
Ritchie, still does blocknde duty near Gedney’s Channel,
just inside the Hook. The expressions of officers and
«wen connected with the fleet are neither complimentary
of the situation Ror of the weather. The day aud might
are made hideous with the steam fog-horn at Sandy
Hook, which, as the rumbling reaches the ears of the &is
gusted residents of the ward rooms below decks, Falter
visions of musketo more gigmntie tha the fabled dead
zene of Long Branch beach,
The following special sanouncement was made yesler
ny: Ly oho ig
POR 26 Basavway, HOW
at EHTEL
and ine
a (Ay ri
a Gad
wisi SEREEL Locomotive Engineers
GRE FEE Ce Tn Sn
WASHINGTON.
NO NEWS OF THE GRAND DUKE ALEXIS,