I THE SUN, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1871.
flli; IDII'KST OF FIRE.
j ctti.r ii'onrT ox rir;
7.1 tXS Of 1'I.SllTlliO.
ftonni"-' or t,lf lout -Tbnt Terrible
hii'Ihj Mailt- n A it fill Itnnrlnn In Iho
niilli A Until of I'lre I intneimr) I'lnr
Trees nml Itiilldli'us Ilnvsvn m til Ifan
J I'u rr llnnst'iie fjrnnt HnlU of Flro
Mioi.it upon llm llmoted liitiablliints.
I i 'pi r oi 1 lie inn.
t nua.., Wis., Oct. 20,-Tlic night of llio 8111
r' i' r n ill b long ractnorablo Id Iho history of
r. 'ii try. f ill of the great Northwtrt particular
I. 1 1 ii.' out Norlhcntlern Wisconsin and aer
f m. iu ul Jll-h'gan, no leu than In the great
liD o i ag It was it night of untold anil In 'e
frn'Mli i' 'io-ro-1. ntl crcn nt this comparatively
t :e i1sv t'.e extent of the calamities by fire on that
nenlfi'l tight can only be conJfttnroJ, Ileporls
fir.' i jtisiaiitly rrielilng tis from remote place anil
1 I i -J settlements In the Tait pineries of those
reruns, adding to the frightful catalogue of lives
ht anil the mormons Inventory of property 'e
n.oved, until Hie corclti'lou Is forced upon ui tnat
li t C'ulearo confl-gratlon was but a small Item In
Ujo gr.at niu '.miile of disastrous burrlngs that
Uio.v t. .1 "".-id i.Khl tut common development.
tiu'I'simis rmisnsb siismAnbT
.m that en"! m.-iit In the backwoods anJ In the
Utile t't'iii'tt s. atternd ihmugh the lumbering
legloni. whtre only hundredl were overtaken by
t'el t i'i Hie gr-it cllri wlulo tlo pecuniary
l.s ii.ToliiHi in tl.e Jot Iructton of timber, lumber,
a ills, well'.i.gs, live stotk, farm Improvements, do
mr-ii' animals, and tio'jicliold goods In the country
.tune i annol he lets than double thai of the bum
ps of CMcvo. Tho nnbearJ-of village of Feshtlgo,
mill Hie lllllo strip of farming country scarcely flf
eei square mil's 1u extent adjacent to It. sites
n.il a thniisanj vietlnis to file appalling ioiaVoT
ite lo-t on thai one nlchl of burning.
whit 1'gr.liriOo HAS.
1 li.o was n thrmng, dmliig, basiling little
nli. rt of woe.tlen tenerai '.trf, tioldii u; u pupuiali.io
II shout fftren hi'tnlri'l so. da. It was hew n out 01
t e i inr fori st" of Oconto oent.-, Win., by the en
,irtie o' the Pcshiigo Lumber Corapau), whoe
qm' extended along th. l'ethtlgu river, and
s-ho u thousands of ncrre ot .li.o lar.ds alums that
itreiui. 'I he Cornpaa) Is oi pocd mainly of
7i.,cvo cautltallsl", of whom Villiaai II. O.'orn Is
he rrlrclpal one and l'rrsldeat. Tho vl'tacc of
Peihngo was the l.codquirlcll of this Company's
ire rati its The illlacc stood on fie banks of the
rrr of the sin l. imp. about fiflit mites In a
urjl.lt course Irom its conflucce Mlb Until Rir.
sbichn s the otupiu's shippic; Pri. The loca-
i n of lie vllto mi drdidrd t rapid In t r
itrc m at this point, wtlch. by tft at 1 of a dam
uruiMiel a superior and reliable naur poner for
aanuveiuriug purpura.
Ihe s t ol the Tillage coveted a plalu of about
meant a tnlf miles qujre, tb- surroundluz conn
jy on all s.Jes br'n; cover'd vrtib Umber. The
miui.Te ii'.nts of Uiu Cornpuny r.insisted principally
if a i.ry tleuMVC and coiiipl.tv wooden ware fiC
or'. tat i In have lieen tne largest In the United
.11. iy r ceiitli .-ompi.'U'J at a cost o' f 151
s -iw nit, sAth and door factory, crlst mi I,
i,4. ire sli .p, tnl.l dim, a lar;e boardln; I. on-
it'.u'. Citr.ood dAulliu Houses, and flflv or.lluif
ipim ,i rn l. k.l to II l.nl' i. with a bridse In the
1 1 a. i s d i Urge amount of rollla loc', Inclu
n. w. I. .i .lotner, besides ttsbUs, Loriis,
In t e Hie whole, i xcluUe ol stock and tnnterl I
in nan ttiimateU as worth half a million of dot
uir. 1 idre this, li.o clutvns owned from Ihlrti
ai L'ty dnri lni,', lour hole's. Un stores, four sa
oi'OS. tno churches, and tn-u sc'iool bouus. A
In. tn ib. r iirl.lge -t o feet '.u;n. beloucln: to thi
n s annc I t.ie river.
Tn n- unit pcfii sti.nof ihevilli.'o was about
1. l. .'Ii at the time ol ttiu calamity nas in
:te.i.d IX) r D O by varluus clrcu'ul.inces. Tl.i'
llneijo an1 Northwoti'rn Itallroad CVtnpany are
iiienjii.E their track throu.ii that region fro ii
f"urt lluward to Kicanaba, and wire wu-kll In
lie irumciutf vicinity of His vhlrse from 'i) U 300
ahr.rcrs, mnsily brouiht np from C.'ilca.-o. A coui.
;iay oi 50 Bcandlnavlan eralrrants landed it Tea
l..'o harbar only iho day previous to the fire, and
Kent Immediately forward to the vllla:e to seek
lomes In that Immediate rr;loo. There wis a
'.iti.o!lc chorch at lVsbtiso, ths only one for niil&
llu Irom all oartt of the country, who sere 1 n tne
tisClt ol remaining m Ite ill.ce during ihe even.
id.'. Thus the ti ,aco nas anduly croivded that nlsht,
iniprobahly contained noi less than ,!M or l.COU
I. nlsat the time of the Ore. Of this number lew
than a thousand have been accounted for since the
lie, while all over Ihe desolate phln that so recent
ly was tie scene of life and activity, human bones
is scattered io mark tno spot where 11 e s,as aacrl
IceA Hit SCGAR lltTSU SETTLtUENTS.
Itc tort i.thtp of l'cshtijo, by the census of list
i,.r, c.ntsined a population of l."W. 'lhlt has
I. i i .nuiastd by new settlers and by Iho cronth
ol i ..o m Ijgo to an estimated population ol S,2i.O
I i rmi.tiy potulatlon was almost exclusively
1. 1 ted in what were known as the So;ar Hash Sel
lieui'nis. lue Sugar liusb Is a paich of elovalod
fire or six miles lu ;rxtent from north lo
louli. tni irom two to Ihrco in wldlh, lylni soulb
Ui witi.rl)' from the vlll u:e. It wa-i orUinall u
."r.t htavy .Intd-tlfftbeml land In Ihe midst ul
I u.i i nu I r i, and on bela; cleared and cultl
T, rued js found to be ery superior farmlnz land
Ii ij- iritty ne.l occiuloi oya thrilly, ludustrluui,
in 1 1 r -iernai community of farmers, wto owueu
u.i.r i.wn lands and improvements, and prided
II on t: e beauty of their farms. Three
rojiii ea. in: from I'ts-.tlro vl ilaso penetrated this
r. n. tne sttllemeuts on wbicn were designated
ii i I i'ii r. Loner, and Middle b'uyar Ilus I settle
Sil's rcso. etivcly. The Hush tract was tecaratH
turn t i. vi.la;e by a belt of (lue land a couple of
Lilt. w. Uh
ic i.uKiTiia or the rxsimoo nnt.
'1 1 r. nz of rc-hitino ana tne Mizar Hush.
uiruaat tho same Urns of tho calaina
i- i.i. s esewherc In tho Northwest, was an
pi i.i,r to Iisolf In all its slranco phenomena
ma -nr',.u; incidents, In Chicago the Cro onsi
t .i aural causes wlililn the city and sj re id
Am. uuuner. Tbo towns and villages tn
11 m 4i, ,n l on the ea.Htern coast of Oreen Hay
Ki.i wtr uro.td al the same lime fell flctlins to
i!e j it. 1 it resistible adance of loreai Urea be
lio a bouii. aot Kalu, Hut in lYsnU;o no Ore
11 1 I i I i e Ihe rieion immediately around it.
.i t nan a mile In width all around
ii' i .hi. i a Urn thoroughly buriiodlorir duriuu
i' i oi two ur three vetks, so that the p.o-
i I. .1 ilown into trsi quil coiifi'lence, as
I in tn.it ttit re was nothing lefi near
i, o i vurant flames to feed upon. The
k' 1 I' ni iu, h inz so lar:elv under cultiva
te' am u in remaining patches of tl.nber all of
1 1 4 r ii mr uter, did not seem at all expos' d
n in Uuuilnir. Aad jet these secure
1 1 i in. no terribly Milled than auy others
A; i ii.li I'm-lull ana panloular statement
i.n ii. i nuiler ti III be prepared to ap-
in-! -ud -lie Uuractei of tne fbai-
t. n k nu.ritij, i4lj iut beautiful region
l- i it i, ban enoimous per ceni. of Us
,f M ll"ii and ten ible death,
1UK CUUIN'Q STUUU,
I'' -I uko the Sunuay of the fire was
e'1 y day, tiiouu'ti tne atmoiptieis was
and Uileit with a dense, blindlnj;
Lni' s creaied no alarm, as tlief UtliOUid
'i Tiinecies aoout sufucienlly account.
1 "d eyuninz the smoke lucreaicd in
H ihi chilliness of t in atmoipbero per
I and early In the evennu sa vay
1 i. '.ii piirii lioin the burnt dlitilcts.
k ,n the evanmc the warmth of
1 .1 inerenslnz, and the smuko al
i n us dmsity, a low au.len ruin
lu .10 leaid nr away in the aoutli
M p i In 1 y ominous slillnoss pervadwl
I' J i. in.iy of thatoun. J'enple asked
(l' au,i mailer, and tried to nppo4r
ii iH-uihliiii; with undefined aop'e
i4 'r-u11 rmoblins I'ad
1)k a sr-uw mk
-"ii- n.e ettiilinjt of tisaiy ftillt
II."' 'I ,l" ,,i,,r w"-v """hsli
I 1 i.d conetecalid at the hotels, m
l..ci ol,,tr vhc' rt,0,,t taa
"J1 l'i'Ce sounds. Anxious mothers
"""tlhslyjul their lllUe.OBti tu
bi d, and tl.cn peered out throtiKh the dismal streets
to see what they could see. Nine o'clock came, and
with it an aLrmlne Increased the unknown eoond,
which n'iw re'emblod tho rosr of a dozen freight
tr-.lns raclnt nt full speed, the location of the sound
being sensibly nearer the town. Kaddenly there
was cry of Ore sounding throncli the smoke-be-clouded
streets, and men rushed hither and thither
In the Impenetrable blsckness, rubblnc their eyes
forsliihtnnd atumblinz aialnst each other as Ibey
ran Hut no flro was found, thouih the search ex
tended out of tho vlllaee and Into the edie of the
woods, and the excited people hurried back to
their houses laughing at each other's apprehen
sions and
TnTiNQ to ruin itccm.
Bcsrcelr, however, hid the contusion of the first
alarm subsided when the appsllinit wasaiatn
raised In another quarter, and the blind jnnlng and
colliding snd stumbling was renewed as the terror
stricken citizens eouaiit a second time tor the flsmes
tnat were not to be found. But while this confu
sion was at its height, and whllo the majority of
tin wero away Irom their houses groping through
clouds of (moke snd blsckness, and wtlh a roar
tut was now almost deafening filling their ears, a
chance began tu manifest Itself In the atmosphere.
Tho whole air seemed sensibly agitated, and antry
puds of almost buculnc heal eaine sweeting through
ll.o town, whllo at quick Intervals a frlgatfnl glare
tenetralrd Ihe moke from the southwest, snd at
limes se-med playing high np in the heavens sbove.
lite,, theaer) earth sceined to quake and tremble.
uonno'M lurttuED on kvert hand.
Mothers caught their children from their beds snd
lustily diessod tin ra. A cry of terror filled the
town. Alcn hastened to their houses and collected
their famines about them. Xsny bolder ones caught
up their aiuablea and burled them. Even the
dumb beasts were seized with fright and ran bel
lowing throuzh the sireets. Then came,
1 NearerLclt'arer,and inore draaly thsnabefore,n
that horrible roar, now resembllag the din of a
mloht. battle, end with It the more eccentric snd
violent acltatlon of the atmosphere, a more contin
uous show ot the lurid glare cverliead aud In the
out. wts; i ..i'.i. to til ,o tHe hurrui oi the ul.h".
CHEAT DALLS (If riUt,
l.kc flaming missiles snot from unseen artillery.begaa
I illln; on the housetops, In the streets, aud a'.l
through the doomed village. The scenes that fol
lowed weie an atgravstlon II possible of Dante's
wonderful description of bell, Men, women, and
children, horses, oxen, rows, dots, swine, fowls
everything that had life was seized wit. (inlcand
ran wildly and with equal uncertainty to escape the
impendin: distraction. The smoke was suffocating
and blinding, the roar of the tempest deafening, the
almost here ecorchluz. Children got separated from
tnelr parents ai d wrrc trampled upon by the crated
I rutea I usbands and wives were calling loudly fcr
each other and rushing lu wild dismay, they knew
not wheie.
TUB HAT or JTDGUI.VT
had certainly couic In the opinion ot the great ma
jority, and jet they all sought to escape Its terroia.
I'ne cptreslre, biirntnjt beat srcMed to be the
most dreaded afillction, end, lollo'VIng the Instincts
of the sulmals, those tu could ran to tne water.
Ihe m Joilts of the reldnres were on the south
erly siJe of the rivr. Thile the Company's store,
l.uar ili,s-ho'jf, ware! oases, and shops cccupied
somrnhni Itolalcd positions on the northerly sldo
of t..e rln .in. .Many reoplo rushed lo therefor
sa'e'.y. Tne o.rett ooardni: bouse was soon filled
with ptoiir. Auumttrol tne Companj 'a cmtloictsi
ti.unl Ue.ler iu the stole, taking their lamllles
with ti.cm.
Bl'r.STtXQ or the stonv.
Hut Thllo iho tomtnunlly were thus fracllcslly
seeking shelter anwLere and cierjwhero rather
than where they chauced to be, the awful scene
I I anted, and, with the howling of a tornado against
w hlcb feexlnely nothlnt could stand, came a storm
ol lire, winch an eye wltnee likens lo iho heaviest
snowfall of winter, with earh flake of snow a coal
of fire. The I e-avens rained Ere on every hand, ue
if lo CGT.S'ine the whole ejrtb.
In au instant ever) building in the town wss In a
blaz. And then the fury of th" tempest received
i dJIilon.l streLgih and burst In one uilshty t fjort,
rs If I'etctn ined that the flames shou d not rob It
of Its prey. Houses crumbled llae paper structures,
ana their flaming roofs and sides were borne away
like clrautlc spaika upon the gale lo spread the
cunsumlnir element over the earth. The Company
had but receDlly completed a new and vary ire
n 4v4. tot-T LriUiJAh, a Sfa.! t.Urf .ato4l.V4WsUl
w itiisUodiiig ihe gales thst so frequently visit that
region but wnen Ibis tornado struck It, U went to
pieces like a child's pla) house built of cards. Who
ever had not slrrady reached a place of safety found
it Impossible to move against this mighty storm.
Teople threw themselves flat on the ground rather
than be borne away by Its violence, and rerlihud
where tbey fell. Tie next day a mm was foanil
huitgiug a tree iu the outskirts of the village, lila
budy half consumed, the slorm of falling cinders
was suicecded quickly by
A CONTtNl'Ors M.AZE
that licked np everything with which It came in
contact. Ibuse la Ihe water only saved themselies
by keeping their entire bodies submerged, only
venturing to raise tbet- heads at intervals for a
moment to gasp for Irea.h. aiany were drowned
in the efiort to escape burning, walle others who
ought lo catch breath Inhaled only livid flime, and
cerlbed. Even the very fishes In the stream wero
reached by some mysterious sgency snd killed, so
'.'.at in next day l"inijnibi o' (hem fsrn frsiK)
floatlnc, dead,
hut it is useless to attempt to picture more In
detail
tuis noBBinti TiurtsT or rim.
The destruction of bodom and Gomorrah and the
appalling uuULroW ol l'ouipe.i are Iho ol!) par-lit
la history utlorda of so frightful a calamity. It
111 have been observed that this was In all Us
characteristics an anomalous storm. Tho fire did
not reach Ihe town by crndual approaches along the
eurfaeeof tho earth, but seemed to come 'torn above
ll roagh the thick pall of smoke that enveloped the
place. Nor did the frightful raiu o' flro strike them
Irom any one direction. All pans of the forest
buund town wero assailed at once, and the terrloeel
populace lound themselves without refuse, exposed
lo all lis terrors whichever way they turned.
Thus It Is clear that the calamity was peculiar In
thst the consuming flame wss borce to Ihe plsce of
destruction on the wings of the wind, and high up
In the clouds above the earth rather than along the
ground. Another peculiarity of the dreadful phe
nomenon was us slow bat
AwruLLT grand Arrnoscit.
l'or an hour and a half the warulog roar had been
heard, though what It portended none could toil.
The stouten heurts quailed al the unusual snd
slrcuely ominuus sound, though not one of the
,tITT.ilrjl.'t.lrSVaV'-.Ttr''Kr?,',''!;,cr.'!''.-rrjlrli- rbvjti'
create alarm, I'He mlnutea before the storm burst
upon them not the most Intelligent of that com
munity could give auy satisfactory reason for sup
polng that the ptuco was In any peril. On the con
Iran, whllo tho more timid wero alarmed by their
apprehensions of flro because of the known pres.
nice of fire In tho fortius but a lew miles away,
the more Ihcughtful and deliherato indeaiorcd lo
prescrto a measute uf confidence in tho security of
the place hy the assuring reflection that all tho hp
niedlato lurronndingi of tho village had been so
recently and thoroughly burned our that there
was nothing combustible remaining to draw the
dreaded element to any daugirous proximity to
their homes,
a wnmuvixn or rum.
Willi these considerations acparei.t to the leadir.
the whole grand sequel seems a .-nlille.or al le.et an
inexplimble freak of nature. Hut H'.tle InvrBtljo
tian at oar-e-diiipehi the muter), and explains Low
tins frightful destruction waa wrought with tenfold
greater thoroughness and vastly Increased horrors
than attend crulnirj col (Ligations, and with no vio
lation of nstuial laws. Tre storm that burst upon
I'oshllgo with such terribly dtstructlve force wss
bui a whirlwind or crest power, which, had It oc
cuneit on tno ocean, would have produced a water
pout. Thi'-whirlwind look lis rlso In the bound
pine forests buck of tl.o village ol Oconto and
below the Buiar liusb settlement, ahont ten or
1) miles southwest of Tcshtlgo village. Ilerowtro
on every hand Ihe smouldering embers of a lire thst
bad been ruglui for weeks, and that only needed the
brcalh of tho wind to fan Ihctn Into living flanioe.
Tn'eiVWefe cif tight up '67 tli'Tni.tlt.K Trrrd, vth.r
Ut m lluU it &tisoUJr sten cauied iiearu
wiid in weH defined columns when subjected to the
Influence of the little fitful mmmer rqualla thst play
through our alreeta In eummsr time, snd so fi o
queatly lake tbls form. But It was do mere summer
squsll In this particular Instance. On the contrary,
It wss oss or the fiercest and fTsndsit toraadoa of
HttlgWHi
which we have any acconnt. Its revolutions were
of Incalculable speod, creating a force that uprooted
the glsnt forest trees and twisted off the joungcr
and more firmly rooted with the ease that one would
break a plpeatem. Whatever fell in the track of
this majestic whirlwind was caught np with Irreslst
able force and carried with almost lightning speed
high np liesvenward. Thus, as the storm swept
over the burnt districts, It not only
LICKED CP Till SMOCLDEKLtO IV DEM
from the ground, but caught up as well great masses
of combustible msterlal to feed the strange fire It
wsa creating In the clouds, dreat trunks of trees
were lilted np and carried away like feathers on the
gale. The little pine cones.'fllled with Istty matter,
were rolled np with leaves and twigs Into round
balls by the rapidly revolving currents and carried
aloft to be Ignited and hurled down again as great
balls of fire. And to this awful whirlwind moved
along across the pineries following the direction of
Ue prevailing southwest wind, until It
stbcct mi bcoaii ncsn sittlimekti,
where Us work of destrnctlon commenced In earn
est. With majestic strides and stalely dignity It
advanced steadily forward hurling death and de
struction on every hand with unparallelled profli
gacy. Whatever stood In Us trsck was destroyed
Instsntaneously. In the forests trees fell or were
torn to pieces, as If a giant resplng machine were
moving along. In the settlements homes, btrns,
fsnces, orchards, hay slacks, all disappeared In a
brestb, while life wss extinguished as by a alnioon.
In vsln the slsrtled farmers bid themselves and
their families In wells; the angry atorm found them
there and comumed them. In vsln othera essayed
to bury themselves In hastily dug trenches; the
blasting heat of the tornado penetrated far Into the
ground and devoured them. Cattle, horses, sheep,
and swine were caught by tho awful blast and In.
stantly consumed. Out of a population of from COO
to COO In these settlements, 226 are known to have
perJineil, tbeir.j-Jujed bc'lca-bavlng been recover-,
ed and burled, while nearly a hundred more are
missing, doubtless utterly consumed, and more than
a hundred othera escaped, only to die more linger
ing deatha from their terrible burns.
xot 10 rta cijit. or rn rori'LAiioN rsctrcn
wholls untouched. Throughout all that tillable
area only a single house was left standing. Liter
ally the whole region was swept with the besom of
destruction, and desolation and waste, blackuesa
and mm now only mark tho sites ot the so recently
beautiful farms and dwellings of these enterprising
and turlfly farmers. Families numbering from three
lysine ted ten tnembers perished tnjetber on that
night of horrors. One family, that of II r. C. It.
T'owsley, consisting of hlmsell, his wife and three
children, were lonud with
Tlllla THROATS CCT,
hsvlng preferred death by the knife to burning Mr.
Trowsley Ity In a field near the rnlns of his houto
with a child in either arm and the falsi knife Ijlng
on Ms breast; while a few Heps away Isy Alts.
Trowsley with her youngest child In one arm. the
half burned family Hlble on the other and a photo
graph of ono of the other children on her br lit Tim
rerord of casualties lu this ncighboihood reads ua
lollows
Hiram Moore snd 3 ehllden Oeorce Myers. wlr and
tchnurent Mrs.. I. icuU Lester sml a chitdrti 1' Ue.ii
h l' t, wile and 5 children I Mrs. Atul'ra Hose, rtaltflilrr,
ion. snd moilirr t Fnd Carraugh. wire, cn la. and
wuu's lather and mother i Chanca lluih, w.is anu c
children i l'atrick Daley, wile auj 7 cniMien
Of Iho latniiy and descendants of Henry New
berry, r twelve niltnt era have been found aa'ong
the dead, Including four sous, two dsughttrs-ln-lsw,
snd hvegrsnd children. These are but aatnplecasee
of Ihe character of the work pel formed by til"
awfnl storm
Tin uiRcn or dcitucctiox.
The progrrss of tbls reinstkable wbillnlnd of
fire Is thus traced clearly across this c-ugar Hush
track In the direction of 1'eshtlco village, which
Place It struck with full violence, accordlug to the
most Intelligent statements, at about halfpasl nine
o'elock In the evening. Thus supposing that Ite
uwlul din was heard by the startled cttlzeua of thst
vUlago soon niter Its origin. It consumed an hour
indshalfof time in travelling the ten tnt'ce that
intervened between Us poiut of orlcln and the vil
lage. 8o that while It revolved with Incredible ve
locity and fury. It progressed with a stau-ly dignity
wonderfully compatible with Its fearfully destruc
tive power. An lotelllgentobserver who witnessed
Us prorress. observed It strike a healthy, vigorous
tree that stood In lis patnway. This tree ths gen
tleman describes as standing alone, straight and
till i nd stout a foot thick at Its butt, ami firmly
rooted in the ground. The storm seemed to play
nron It bat a moment In Its I assge, then moving un
with constintly Increasing fury; but as It psssod
the tree bsd ntterly dlssppeared, bavlrg been Com
pletely lorn Into m'.nnle fragments and carried aloft
to feed the flamts that were borne along above the
whirlwind,
TUC rllEKOMgyA AT rtSIITICO EIPLA15ED.
It Is now possible lo comprehend the startling
phenomena that were witnessed at I'eshtlgo. Ihe
lurid glare In the heavens and In the direction
wLenco the storm come Is at once recognized, as the
great mass of fire borne forward on the wings ot
this whirlwind and fed by the accumulations of ecrn
bustlole matter continually thrown np to It. The
formation of '.he balls of fire has already been de
scribed. They were carried aloft, and followed the
rotary motion of tho storm, until reaching the outer
circles far up in the clouds, and, losing the centri
fugal force that held ibem alolt, fell to mark the
outer limits of the storm. Then cime the tremend
ous rain of coals of Cre, which were the burning
masses of rubbish held in the air by ti e wind, but
not rolled Into balls like the pltcby pine cones, and
flow In fragments of every term and slzs nenrer the
centre of the whirlwind. Finally followed the great
blialerlng sLeets of flame as the very hesrt of the
fiery spout came over and upon the town, and spent
its utmost lury In destrojlag tho works man's en
terrrlso had there erected.
DUiiATio.y or vnx stoiiii.
The multitude that, panlc slrlcken, ruined into
the wster as the only escape from this awn! tem
pos I, wero ot course In no mental condition to note
pasilng events or the lapso of Urns; and the Sun
icporter found It exceedingly difficult to aecsrtsln
Irom the survivor whit the duration of the storm
was. Mr. W. A. Ellis, resident manager of the
rcshtlgo Company, who saved hlnself in the water,
seemed to have the most Intelligent views of any.
He, naturally, waa In no condition to coto time with
any accuracy, but be thinks that lie wss In the water
an hour and a half, at the end of which time the
storm had spent Us fury, and the site of I'lshtUo
was a blackened wilderness. In that short time
everything had been swept away or consumed,
scarcely leaving behind anything to be noted as
mine. Tho stmoThere Immediately after Iho storm
had spent Its fury wsa very hot, so much so as to be
uncomfortable, and tn cause people to keep In tho
ttiinr. Ay.. Eli? flrrl obtcrveiLthat ity-niPlatn.ip
was destroyed, save only the little Presbyterian
church that stood In the cxtremo northeasterly
quarter, and a partly-built frame house just In the
edge of the woods beyond, In the aamo direction.
The plank sidewalk leading to tlo church, unj the
fence curroandlng that edifice were In flames, bat
thcto wss no means of extinguishing t ie flro, nor
could Mr. Kills procure help to tear anay the burn
ing fuse, and so tbo tlimo gradually approached the
mile church, which was soon wiappvd In fire nnd
burned to tho gronnd.
AirsR Tim risnr whirlwind.
The healed atmosphere was soon replaced by n
cnllly southwest breeze, which blew stoadilr mid
with mucn force until morning. One by ono the
wretched survivors dragged thomselver, wet, colJ,
and ulmost dnmb with terror, from tho water.
Those who first emerged from the stream and found
tho ;round tenable and tho atmosphere endurable,
I'ega'n ureing th'r others to come out 'mt S3 terifblo
had been the fright that few could readily trust their
tenses that tne dinner was paat. Some obatinalely
remali.bd In the water all that lorg ana wnarynlglit;
Lot from Ihe cessation of the ito'ni.snyat 11 o'clock
until daylight, at Intervals ono and another wero
persuaded to leave Iho now dangerous bath. Hi
cepilng In tho ruins of the lllllo chuicb, that bunied
alter the storm had spent Us forco and was quickly
reduced to ashes, by midnight there was scarcely a
smouldering ember cn all
tiut bttgtnr rl.ti!,
s itc only on tho little scrap or low land I slow the
dam, where had formerly stood a blacksmith shop,
butwheru how waa only a llttlo pllo of burning
Vttt. -Irwvs st-thls'VOiat that mcst-of tliaaaomei
hadeuleiel no WJ',c.rtznd..hore by tlitx Dtja.pf coal.,
the; spent the rest of the sight, men, women, and
oMldren boddlrd together, without shelter from tho
bleak wind, all trying to dry tbelr well-soaked gar
ments, and Instil a little warmth Into their numb
bodies. It waa Indeed a thcerloaa sight, long aud
toiturlng to IhoM saxloos wstebr for the far-off
day. Hut even the morning brought no relief.
There was
mo rgsnTtco Mrr,
Bave one farm house far otT In the extreme lonth
western corner of tho clearing, and an undnlihcd
frame In tho opposite corner that wsa talf con
sumed, and which the tornado had subsequently
extinguished as one blows out a lighted candle,
there was no shelter In tho placo. Neither was
there a mouthful of provisions of any kind. And
to add to the almost hopelessness or the prevalent
misery, the roads In every direction were round to
be effectually blocked with fallen timber. And thus
the little shivering, famishing colony, hair of whom
were suffering untold torture from awful barns,
with Ihe dead lying all around them mixed np with
carcasses or animals, with children crying for
bread, and parents moaning for lost ones, spent the
rorenoon. At mlddsy help arrived from the coast
settlements, and the misery that has already excited
the sympathy ot tbe world became known.
A FAUILT EXriBIINCa.
There Is left In this narrative bat little ipse for
Incidents, w llh w hich the reporter's note book over
flews. Mr. J. K. Heebe, bookkeeper of the Com
pany, resided on the southerly side or the river.
When the storm barst npon the town lie gsthered
bis family, consisting ot his wife and four little
children, and started across tin brldgo for tbe Com
psny's store. In crossing tbe bridge the smoke waa
so dense and the confusion so groat that be missed
his little boy Willie, six yesrs old. Meeting a friend,
he cried out to him, "For God's sskc.savomy llttlo
boy I" The friend caught up liltla Willie and ran
with him to tho water, where ho succeeded la
saving Mm. Mr. and Mrs. Heebe, with tbe three
other children, reoched the stors tn safety, where
they remained until that building was all ablaze.
Then tbey startsd to ran for tbelr lives. Mis.
Heebe reached a point leas thsn l&O fset distant,
where she fell and perished with her Infant In her
arms, About 100 feet further on their little irL
nine years old, waa ran down by a crazeS'c6w,"an3
rose no more. Mr. Heebe, carrying a child two yeara
old, reached a point WO feet from the atora and but
80 feet from the water's edge, where he and his
precious burden psrl.liej. Thus little Willie, who
was thought to be lost, was the only one of tbe
family uf sis that waa saved.
x ri'MRiL mi.
The bet rerson known to have left tbe Com
pan) 'a boar llug house was oae of their emplojoes,
who reports that at that time the building wss
wholly enveloped In flsmes, while congregsted In
the general waiting room within were from fitly to
slzty bnmsn beings, Ths whitened bones of this
multitude, broken up Into minute fragments and
thoroughly calcined, lying scattered In the rnlns,
were alt that remained to Identify them next day.
a rxw irrrtt and a slats and rx.vciL.
The bvn reporter. In walking through what had
beeu a principal atreet of tho village, thought he
saw Ihe form of a bnman being lying In the sand.
On closer Inspection I e could discover the whitened
ashes of the flesh and bones and a few human
teeth. Closo by lay a fragment of slato and a pen
cil. This was all that remained ot a brlilit llttlo
boy, who, when tie alarm was sounded, and bin
family left their home, ran back to save his icl.ool
books,
In numlerles cases, all thst remalne-l to show
where human beings had irp.hed could be gathered
tip in the l.ollev of one's hand.
inr. Mviicor.t i. coxrr.snoy.
The fnnnn nn Itlliml Lost lit the llonp uf
llri'iitlr The Kqulvocwl ConileiiiiiHiitin
ol all Irrmulnr (Vrrnunle.
HiLTtkORi, Oct. Id. In tho episcopal Con
ventlon to-dsy the following mrissge wavrecclTed
by the House of Deputies Irom the llonc of l ls'iops
Hie Home of lll.hu. i Inform tne Hn... of Clerical
snd Lai lie) utics that ll has adoiteailn ol.owiug ro
solntlon
KtnlrtA. That, the floue of Clerical and Lav fern
tie coiicurung, ine following canon ho adopted and
enseted. to tie rnttlLd
t'AXos-rtie elevation of the elenienta In the Holy
Couimuulon. In such mam er as to eipoie th.'in lo the
view ol the people ai oojeeti toward which adoratiou
u lo ic made, m or after tin) prater oi C'onieciauou.
rr In tt e act of adminl'tiTtng ihein. or in carrying
tnein to er liom the coniuiunlranu ant any geiuire,
poture,or act imnlilnc nrn adoratloa. and any cer
emony not rreicriiiej n i sn ol tne older oi the and
mmtitratlon oi ihe lAiru'i s-npaer. or Hois Comninmon,
In the l.uoa of Coimnou I'layet, and Hi celebration e.r
reception ol ihe II-Iv C immunion by snr bishop or
priest, when ii pertou receives wltn hta i ilkewnetbe
use at any a Imlaiitrauon of tae Holy c immunion oi
any rrymD. prayers, c llccii, cputles, or goipels other
thsn those sppoioted tn ihe sutbortted foimatarlia ol
the eihuicn, or nniier see, on ll or can in IS, utlaone
of the tngeit, are herebr fornidden.
After aulnialod an 1 somewhat excited discnsslon,
saae Irom ll e ni-nops be taken at 4 o'clock w
csirled In tbe sctriuative The iletnt. was then
continued until 4 u'ciocc, when th" mu on com nr
rlna wsslaken by dlo.-eses, snd resulted u follows:
Clerical Yoss 17, nays IS dlviucj I. Lry lote
Yeas is, rats l?, divided 3.
Dr. Lyman of Calnorn.a offered the following:
KHottm, The House ot Hlihops concitrlnr. tnat this
Convention herehy cxpren us deelues condemnation
of all ceremonies, oiservances, ana p-sctn es which
are lilted to exprns adoe-rim toreign 1 mat set forth
in Ihe a ithottccU slandsrds of this Chiueh.
reio.rcil. Tl.at in mo Julgment or ibis Hone, thi
fa ernal council aid the savlce of our Klghi tterere d
'sihers, tn Ulihopa ol tne Church, Isdeenied sutQeii nt
at mil lime to secure the sutipresiiDn oi all that l. Inr
got ir and unii'emlv.and to promote greater unllormity
in conducting to nuhlle wcnhln nf ine Cnuicn, ami
lu the adinlDiitrailou of the Holy IVaeraiienti.
The resolutions were adopted almost unanimously.
Prnlh of John hcotl, the Itnclug Trnlucr.
The iall of lS,l will long be remembered as
fatal to tnrf celebrities, for It baa witnessed the
death of Mr. Willis, the well-known turf writer
Mr. Hlenklron, the great racing breeder: Mr. I't-d-ley,
the owner of thi DerVy winner Cosnack, ant
one of the heaviest belters of the dir; sir. flood
win, tne Nevni&Titet tntnet and Jaue Minn,
the Jockey. To this lilt mnst now he adied the
n'inij of one belter known thsn all John Soolt, of
VI "itetiill Hovfl, lls.Van. tin miet tamos train. t
eier known, llu died on the 3th Instant, of aiuLu
bronciiltis. In hls7ti )e.ir. Ol his startling tun
vielorle", snd Ills St. Ledger surprlie, every turf
tnvn In every country has Heard, and his name w.ia
familiar among racing men the world over Ills
career may be said to baro commenced wuen he
went to Whitehall, In Yorashlre, In the yeirlSIJ,
lo train Mr l'eirle. The list ol his vlctones would
occupy columns, ss he trained sixteen bl. Loduers,
six llerbys. eight Oaks, and seven two-tUoueand
guinea wlnnrrs.
Hnnllghl tn Ludlow hlre'CI Jitll,
Judge Hartiard haa ordered t
1ii -Ordered, that beresfier niorerof arrel will
be granted in a civil caie bv Judge llarnvM acatnst
defendants f.ir ootaining money, goo Is, or other prop
eriv. by or tnrougn fstse pretence, unless the same
shsll have been m ute In writing, nnd subicrlbcd Dy the
person or pram souxht ta be proceeded aialnst.
.'ecenif-orilered. that hereaiter no order of srreit
will oa grsnted ssalnit any penoi tor a libel, assault
and battery, tlander or fane imprlsoniueut, uifier man
upon or aralnst the person or character of a female.
7Afrrt-Nooraerot arreit will b- ginnted tu ai.y sc
tP.n. unlen tno party or parties are non-reiidenti or
ah 'Ul removing from the Junslieitonof the l ouit r.or
any wsr. ant wi,eru the sum roagtit to be recovered is
ie man 11,000.
Ilrlglinm Young's Ordora Obeyed.
WAsniNaToy, Oct. i!o. The petition from I'tali,
fifty tcet long, signed by about ,WJ women of that
Territory. Is In luvor of polygamy Instead of arsimt
It. It waR sent t-j the Kxecutive Mansion hy Dels
gato lb cpur. Tne petitioners assert that polygamy
rtXJ1iMiVit.nTy-l-iiil4TMear!iiii-.-s,'Tr tlintuitip
alilutluu u being pervertej hy V leral officers.
ju:ai. v.sr.uj; Morr.ucxrs.
Tho large sale of villa plots on Washington
Heights by Muller, Wllklns 4 Co,, yesterday, attrsctod
Kincrslaltenllonoutliepaitofre.it estate men. Ihe
troperty.comprliing twcnty-elv. plots on Waihlngton
Heights, and thirty-five eliv lois fronting llroadway,
belonged lo the esfato of l.uclui Cnittenden, deceived
I'i oni the opeuliig to iho i n I ol ine sale urn l.xchange
haleeroom was ciowded witn operators, snd tlie ind
uing on every Plot offered wss lplill"il t wo lois on
tbe Kingsbrldrs load, adjoining the property of Win.
M Tweed. 6lxt3. wro tcnoil.oj down lo I rsncls
Tomei lor 18.013. The adjoinlug lots, aiernclng .snjo.
tron'lni.' on Ihe same mad, were lako'i -two hy J s.
mani for f'l.Kll. twenty by fienj t Kal enj l.l f.,r 'l
mq. one by V.HI. IITrv lor fl.liTJ, two bv H 1 Itolnh
for 1 loo; two bv Haneu lOiiu'S, with frame home, for
la hw, nnd rue by W II. Ilayei for f0
a enli-ii tltv lol. witii gore, sulmnlng the above,
and flouting the proposed now Iioiilovaid, wer
Knociid down to M. i oiiareves for I JO 500 llu) next
Idol, enieraelni: rteily lols snd gore, was tsken he
ll I' Kaiicnll'l forlJIUO; '.'3 loti snd Irartlolial li t
I. r I'laiW rm llV.looi VI lots aud gates hy ll. I'
M'letweeii'i'hs uopoied n. wnoircTaid aid Ihe proienl
liouleiaiit Mr. Muller. ttw am uoneer, unnioed ot I.)
Jul loll, with 'raolioii.il luta I.. K.l' tl.o.-u lor HI.WO
I' lots and mires, I', M. Couirn res S11..'MJ 37 lois anil
'ores to Mdnev Cornell, ioJ.-'oOi 19 loll and gores to
II. I) Itolpli.ll-WO'Oi 11 Ion tu Held 1'. 1-aliclUd,
I Hi IHO and a lots, with tisc lonal lot, lo L. Jacobs,
"iieiween the Tlnutnvsrl snd ths llu. lion Hlver
Hsiiload !1S lots, w tn uorei. were union oil to Mr
I'ancroii ior in.iwi i 17 lots snd fractions 10 Mr l air
ei'l'l for III 7) and H Id slot" V Cinik for llo.J.n.
Oiling to ihe Bllenll i'i which this sale atlrvled, llm
atlcs by HlctcLcr boa an I othirs were withdrawn
iistuday,
Cuurl C'nlitndiirs llili DiiVt
Feral! I'm ST. rucwn I'm 11.-Hen Cmi-i-Noi tvla
ll. I Ill" I JA IS". I""'.
It.a.'iim 1 1. im. fm 1 1. I lh. o.)
I, ri,y,r uiT.C-r.''l' Tiav On-n.
l-tr..i.Coe.T. e x i. ''f-'"
tCTlmi'i lot ai I..I I i IIC1.4-. I-. Ii.l,-Ull-IISI,
1)11, SSI. IM. IU, ItSS
ha.. pi i -a 4.. rau.',.-"'. f--Vifi''-t, ajj.
t, no, tu, i, mm, ill, ten.
Money deposited now In the Mutual Heneflt Far
Inn liana, b.m building, will draw Interest from
t-OT. I.-4U1I,
Ask your rroeer for Dooles Yeast Powder, the
btstllakliiati'owacr. i)eul. m New St., N, l.-aui, J
BOSS M'LAUGlILIiYS SHOW.
ax ExttmiTxox of ritJTxnh axi-
HALS IX ItllOOKLVX.
A ranch nnitjndr rcrrormitrico In the) Dem
ocratic IIcitdeninrtrra-Klnselln'si .tlcimg
erlo In tbo (lenernl C'ommlltco Itooms.
An organization atvllng itself tto Ucmocr&tlo
County Convention of Kings County assembled In
the Democratic headquarters In Brooklyn yesterday
to ratify the nominations mad by Bois McLaughlin
several week) ago. Street Commissioner Itobcrt
Furey wsa master or ceremonies. Supervisor
Francis C. Hopkins or New Utrecht wsa selected
to read the prorraramo. The reporters bad tho
ticket In full in their note books before the Conven
tion wss called to order. It Is ss follows
County Judge-Henry A. Mooro, Seventh Ward.
District Attorney-Winchester Urlllon, f Inn Wsrd.
County Tiessurer Thorn is A. liardlner, t ifth Wan
Commissioners of Chsrltles and Correction-Item
Reiler.ol the Kasirrn District, and Cornelius Fergu
son, of the county towns.
County Auditor Maurice Flltgerald, hrother-ln-'aw
of the lion aud calel ckrk In the Corporation Attor
ney's office.
Hnpeivisor at Large Wm. J. Oiborne. Slllti Wsrd.
Coroners l)r J ii. Jonei of tne wettcrh and Law
rence Hhtlohlll ol the Kas'ern Ililinct.
Justice of tue beaioDl-Slepbcii J. Voorhlss ot
aravesend.
The gentlemen to nominate tht cnndldstss were
selected bv Forty before the Contention wss called
to order and were Instructed how to act. 'I beta
waa not a dissenting voice to any or tho nomina
tions until Dr. Jones was nominated ror Corouer.
Then a Uerman delegate arose und proposed Ihe
namo ol Jacob btratiss, Tno ayes and nays wcru
called nnd Mtrau-s recolved only line' votes, aid
thosi) were cast by the delegation Irani ins own
wsrd,
N ten the candidates ror Commissioners of Chsrl
tles were named, J, L. Lyon, Iq., of tho Thir
teenth SVard, In an eloquent spoecb.vropjsaJ Itobcrt
11. Anderson. He eulogized Mr. Andeison as a mm
of unimpeachable honor and tuiegnly aand liard
working Democrat. Mr. Lyon suggeited tost tins
waa tbe time to break the monotony of tbe pro
ceedings, and put on Ihe ticket a name that had not
been ordered by tbe Hoes. James Oray, a clerk In
the District Attorneys office, who did much of the
cliinmoilc tor tne convention, and did It blundering
ly, nrged the name of Henry oeller. When the vote
waa liakcn the delegates, exceot those from tbe
Thirteenth Ward, voted as the llo-s hsd tllrecte I,
solidly lor S.iler. An effort was msde to ring In the
Thirteenth Wsrd delegates, but they stood steadiest
to tbelr hrst and only choice, better's nomination
wss suhseqaently made noanimoiu.
Tbo Convention having completed Ha work, re
soiled Itself Into a mass meeting. At this moment
tho lluss, who had been Iraternlzlng wllhDIilrlcl
Attorney Morris In t le ante-mom dnrlng the pro.
readings, appeared belore the Convention, There
waa a slight tremor uf applause as he entered, but
the majority of the deleiates slunk a little lower
Into their seats ss tliougl ttiey wrra In Ihe presence
or a superior being.
Taking a position nsar the Cbal', he Hds un
sealed hta lips. He said that earlr In the campalen
there hud been some disaffection In the party In ro
rnrd to the selection of candidates, lie nad talked
with one of the dlaaflected, and waa happy to an
nounce that that one would heartily support tne
tlc.et. He alluded, ,ie said, to Samuel D. Morris.
Abuixl, He moved that a committee be appointed
sj wall upon Mr. Moms and request him lo address
the Convention. He had no doubt the gentleman
eonld bo lound near by.
A committee of one wss appointed, nnd Mr. Mor
ris wss escorted Into the Convention, 'the man
whom the Hoss once described as u llnef now stooJ
leads to eat t. e prescribed dose ol dill.
1 tie Hoss rrtiml lo the rear of the nail, an I then
tnrnln looae.1 pllilnvly Into tne ticeol Ins man.
Morris promised to support the whole ticket, heart
llv snd cheenuily. He ssnt It was a good tlctet, and
wonld certainly be e.eled.
Morris lisvuig subsided, the several candidates
were lugged In, and vaca spoke hta piece. Tne
most remark ihle one was Heller's. He said ne hit I
Intends I to do lu the future as te had ttono In tue
past. lr SU' u Is tne caio. Ood pltv tne poor who
are so uuforiunite as to eome undci his Care.
Jump) Mictise.s moved three c leers 'or tlo
ticket. Tbey were given, and then the meeting dis
solved. Too Dreiokljn Democratic City Convention was
hel l in tho General Coinmliteo rooms lu C urt
street. When tho Chair announced thai iioinlii.i
tloas for the MavortiHy were in order, the Hon.
Thomas Kmsella divested himself or hi overceat aud
ascended the platform After rev.cwtug the eltaa
tion lu fw York city, he talj
1 attends la meetinz tho other nlgbt. Oar pltv was
held up to acorn llr n-iviclvi inic.eiis were aoded.
and a committee of nitv we- e appoint -d lo invereU u
Ihe tnargi's mat.' agai in n.-r I ookc! in vain for
the entrance ol our cait'l M .guiiat lo tclum laose
charge".
Mr. Klnsella next overhauled the political rec rd
of Mr. Kulbtlelicn, sating th it he hsd never been
true to Inu Democrscy (the kind tlicr hsve lu
HiookDn). He concluded oy nominating Samuel S.
I'onell for the Mayoralty, and Mr. l'o well waa ac
cordingly declared the nominee.
Mr. Powell waa received with applau-e. He said:
No man has atked ine lo pledge myself, nor have 1
aaaed any one to exert his infla nee for me tu o lUin
inr mis noininaticn. My pan record will mow bow I
will act ifclcoted.
The remainder of the ticket Is as follows
Cliy Comptroller F.van M. Johnion.
City 1 reas irer Cortland A, Sarague,
inr Aulitor Jam-s n'iirten.
r..HietT4 Jmj.JLisaA-V .lictviaa..
I .loiilee of Ihe I'eace t'hlrd llntriee. Thnmai t ltei
I lev, r oirili HiMnei, e narl- ll. Knioiii Kittn tin.
I trict, Thouiss Lsnie-s i Rx'h iliitl let, Jsmes t'ai.ldy
rjA.V!AL, ASl CIIMMMICIAI,.
TnuasDAT, Oct. 31'. M. The railway share
market haa prrseuled no feature ul special slgnlfl
csnce, and the volume ot business has been below
the a enure, "the course of pr.cea was Irregular
an J fluctuating throughout the day, with the entire
transnctione confined lo a lew specialties, sncli ss
Pittsburgh, We-lern Union, Lako Shors, North
western common, and Pacific Mall. In the last
named there was a good demand for tho (to,:k to be
controlled at I tie- coming November annual election,
we hear that as hUh as 1 V cent, was paid fonts and
use for 15 days The election ol D, rectors wilt takn
place November IB. Pittsburgh showed a raiue in
fluctuation between l! and and V( V cent., ac
cordlug aa tho various uports relucting the lcae
of this road to tho Pennsylvania Central rallied
credence or were denied Tue attempted "lock un"
of money alluded to In this mornings columns was
short lived, and a portion at leust of the greenbacks
o wrvhdriwn were .rgs.'-TTTlirire-Hii t i in
diy, tho final rstes for call loans on slocks hating
been 3 and 0 V cent, at the tlo-e. Tue r.ilwuy
shares became nio'i buoyant s lh money market
caiod up, aud an advance of sl,is t cint. wis re
corded, though prices subsequenii) dropped oil
Ctl V eent,, tho general market c!nlug dull.
1 nv cold market lias uol dis lvrt-J uuv imnurtint
movement to-dav, und the price has llucluilcd be-twe-en
111; and 11SV- though these exlii'moa wire
el Laps exceptional, the bulu of the buslines being
at the lulcrmidtate fi.ure. and these clianges wore
Ci nscquent Lpon the gold sale The bids lor Ihls
eold footed up 15.atO.0 0 at intis raugli.g from
lldSij to 111.77, the award of JSfUD.lWO being at
Ul.tiO to 111 77. Of this gold fl.lMI went out to
day. Tne di-bursemonis of the Nuvember uiie-rcst
to day nmount-d to t-liO.OX), makiug n loial thus
larot J2 tiOiJ.Ono. Mill tnere is a difficulty In getting
casu gold for delivery, aud borrowers to day odd
7 and 0 V cent, per annum, and 1 01. 1 .14, an 1 1 Ul
per day lor lttie; but lato balances lent flat. The
specie export amounted to ti 505. Tho lecelpts of
cold at It e Sub-Tnaiiiry were (JaifirdJ; paiments,
III.IJO; balsnre, (74.llCi.lP-l. The currency iu
culnts wero t5.'td,sS3: paiment", J'J.'.T.I.OJ' lulanrn.
IG,'JWi,515, I'ho customs receipts wero lfil.010.
Hie loUl clearings at the U d i Keci in.e Bau were
Jtto.T'il.WKJ; gold halauces, (1,131 W2; and cuireucy
balances. (I MB 0'I7
The foliuUng were the quotations
If) A. II HIS iiHl' M....1I.V. :(P.M... .HJM
10:10 A. M llli.j P. M ltl 5 P M. lll'.nl.l
Foiii.'n eieinnie has been dull nut strong on
the basis ot loM, lur prime 110 da) bills,
'Ihe money market has presrate I a soinewl at
errsllc eotire to-day, ami starling off easy. it 7 V
cent, currency, soon bccauiu active at that rate in
gold, while a small commission wis exsctod Irom
YOtvt- aa.ra.-.lr..4'4.ijMe loi .-'hoi aia)s.N-a "vaa-.
slocks carried, lu the afternoon Iho money Ir-dii
the 1 reasury In Ihe paymeul of jesUrdai's bonis
raiun upon Uiu lire. und lids, In connection iviih
tho reported letting out of tho tuonei lately locked
up and withiicld from use, made u extremoly ousy
tor borrowers to obtain accommodations, wml.)
tl.eydldn low as fi and 0 71 cell I. Tho ruireii.r
muvonirnl Is at t rc'ent ot lime moment, u uu.li
tllghtl) against tne citv banks, i he premuii' of mer
canlito pal er I un.it nod, amltt e ti inks, though do
ing their beet, riinnot allonl rehel t" all di'.iiinns.
We quote choice names ut 10 to 15 and Is cent
per annum,
(luvcrniiient bonds hiie lieeiifl'ii throu-.lioui,
and in tbo iiioriilmr Vif.u, leui. hu-hea .ill atouu I
The tenenvl list wa oegioeto.l. nut ihero wus a pret
Iv lair iiiqiury lor luilt at llil-illl'i. Tho mirkoi
closed vioady.
IlenryCliiwa Un..3?Vaii St., repdrtat 1 P M
j-ilil aieel.. tt d. aty-1
I' F. cur Cs 1 1 n v, not(l im rei ,1.1: I us lilt
Giltl.rci: 111. Ii li.l.Ui, ojj...i,'u; n. k,
is IK-l. lOUU Ufa, ii'isl v.. 01 m .1:1', 11 llv
...fircf. M N.'iu ltiw 1. 'ono ..llS't 11),
1 vi, ioup ill's tltv to-l". fg 1 lu
'4U. 'H.IOUH. .114 oj lll.lO-.O.. U'lio. IIHI, III'M
03 chip ..llltt IHkli ell I". mild 'Mi. I0ll It'll)
in Bute tn. mis litem wan u firmer leum. ami
prices advanced, thoiwh receding 11 traction al tne
close, Tennessees, which sold al 00 yrnlirdai, fo il
slW tu-dav, and Sou ill Curullius, uew, January
and July issues advance.! to 4 1.V iho latter, Api 11
and October rlai declined to 40. North Carolmn.
old, selling st Jt)ta.'t7i aud do. special tax, 15V) ih
Ifl. fourth Natiot al (lank stiari o!J al lilla i
M'iH- and -Melropolitan lit lu railroad bonds la -ro
were no very large transaciluus, lliou-a Hie silos
were well dillilhiiU'd, Central Paclile anlii 111 lul
Micfilg'iii boulhern hinuliu Fund, par J U1110.1 l a
rifle firsts, laud grsnts, i747iet75.'t j Incumes,
7Hf.T7'i: C'lii'a.o nnd Nortntvesiein Urals, !)iy 1
Nev Jersey Central Urals, new, l(ll2 aud Line 1,0
and Hoc Ulatid 7a. loJ Tao l ito clamily mill
e ago, tnouih iu ell't'eta wero pi iinli visihh' ill iuoU
scciirlllt's, n ul no iniluenca upon tue Chesapeake
and Ohio gold bonds, winch have teen uud aie 111
active demand from ineat irs Le thati a thlnl
t'JJlhe oriylnal In in now lemalns uiiULni,.mJ tliero
"is a tirospoi't tnat t'iie loan will be soim closed out.
,.Tj..bjlUiKius wore tin MiXi'M muS..
T. M. doling puccsof itocicsi Vmitni.-.
rtoAml .O'eeil. Vol. s'd,
H.T.C.4 Hudson 0.111 eX KV hX'i l-i);
Y c a iluaton cer s4 s,i ssv n
llsrlem HIV IV
hue lK
Resoins im I07'J 107s 101V
I ate snore Vl'i iris V7H
ku n tik till
fltninrt-i iw,i t l. 13fl
Nuitliwesl. m IH1 t H WH
Nertnwei.i.n p, :f v. K-
Iloca Isisnd v"4 kOV 'V KU
Fort wsynn vioi
M snd ft I'aiil n Sfiij ps (ft
V A Bt. I'S'l. pre! -r 1,11 71, 7fl
Ohio tlllllsllopi tVi IK'S Si"
It. II. and l.rle i -;i
IP non Central 13.)
fieu Laca. A wciiern i.r v 104
ifen, gin central 1 cu
sew Jersey Central ir, 107
t n.on 1'itcinc 2:1 UH uh .S
C. t en 1 In.i. Central IS 1"H is
Hsin bai r tit. Joiean M
h. er.dsl..loiepnprcl "i' 1 71
Panama tn M
western union H W'i W'l t'l-l
Pacific Mall 's "v,
Cluickstivcr 1'H
siarioosa prel J!s
i antou K ,i
on. 01 oai ot Md 41V
Adams Kxpress ?1
iel. rerun Co .fx Jv
A imr. Mer Union Li 5? gs
lu.ted cialis H S4) 54
ItAXJUXG AX It J-'IXAXCIAL.
CIinSAPEAKE AND OlllOS-KIVR TWENTIE3
CKNTHAL PACU'ICS.
HmniNO Orrtcc or Fisk A llaTCit, 1
5 Nassau bthlit, New Vohk. Oct. S.1. 1371.
The btx I'm Cast. Oolu Honuj or Tils Ciuax
reaKf anuOiiio HAil.iioai) CovfAsr are rapidly
being taVen up. Only a limited amount of the
smaller denominations Is loft. Them bonda offer
nnsurpassed sa'ety and n liberal income, and are
especially suitable, for Investments,
The great tine or railroad npon which tbey are
based 19 attea ly complete J and Inoperitlon from
lticbmond to the White Sulphur Springs 37 miles,
and the portion between the Ohio tlver and tbe coal
deposit ol the Kanawna Valley (nearly lOOuaties), la
nearly ready for traffic. The IntermillMo section
of about 100 miles Is (also well ndvsnctd, and will
be completed an i lu operation within ono j ear, so
aa to) form a continuous trunk line from the navlga
bis waters or the Atlantic to the Ohio river.
When Ihe Itallroad Is omolcted, In 1372, and tho
Honda are desltlo at tbe Slock Exchanges ot tbe
world, wo have no doubt they wall be equally popu
lar with the Central Pacifies, which now command a
premium, and are a favorite security hero and In
Curope, both roada being prominent lines, and
under substantially tho same fiscal mana:euieut.
Principal and interest of tne Central Pa arte and
CiixsarsAKt Au Onto Bonds ate specifically paya
ble In gold coin In New York; the Interest on the
former being pnlJ January and Ja.y, and of the lat
ter, May and November, corresponding with the
two classes of Five. lVeullei.
We recommend either ot then to onr friends nnd
coitcvnrs witi fii aaaie confidence that we did
.tho Five-Twenty Bonds, when wo were selling
millions of ibem for the Unltel Slates (loiernment.
We bay and soil Five Twenties, I'kv FonTlzs,
EtaiiTr-oxKii, and Central on Wksignis Pacini s,
or receive them lo payment for Ciii-apeake and
Ohio Hoxus at their current market price. Orders
for Chcsapeako and Ohio Ilonds, accompanied with
Drafts or Chccxs, may bo forwarded to as by mall,
and tho bonds wtil bo sent by cxoreis, charges paid.
Honda are In coupon or rezistered form, samo as
Five Twenties ran thirty years principal and
interest In United Stiles gold coin. Price, III and
acciued interest, that Is, with coupon attached, duo
Nov. 1.
(1 ImO Chesapeake and Ohio Hand costa to-day
(MS 77.
(500 C.ieii?c.ike and Ohio Hani ousts today
(ram.
(100 Chcsaicalco and Ohio Hon 1 cots to-day
J95.18 FISK .V HATCH.
P. 8. Accounts of Hanks, Hankers, and others re
ceived, on which we kltow four per cent, lulorcst.
Certlflcatis ofdepo.lt trsuet and collect!. irs m ule
In sli parts of the Union. IIAItVnV HMC.
A. S. HATCH.
EIGHT I'rHt CEN'P. OOLD HONDS -Flnt
mortgage on the Montgomery snd Enfanla Hallro ul,
and endorsed Dy the Stale of Alabama. The road
has but two or three tnllss to finish. Limited to
(16,000 per mile 01 finished road. A good roaj, a
silo bond, and a good guarantee. We oTer them
atbosiialntoreat. (iLOIlUH OPDYKH .V 10,
S3 Naaaati street.
Nrw 1 nvtc Vlnrkols.
InxitsntT. Oct. Sd. Fiouh snd MraL The
market was more setlie lor tbe low gra les of Wraicio
and Male flours, the ucmsnd being mainly for the
liritti h Provinces, but In tne mediem and he.tcr giades
the bmlneis waa very s ow sales 01 tne da) ft.tvM bid.
Itye Hour dull snd caMer, Corn meal quiet, but
firme'-. We qnotei Kiour unerflae Ftale and'
Western. 16.73 tc.50t eitra Stat", te.. 1.H0rl.l5i
Wc'.arn inrmg wneat cxirai. Ifl.7'4i4t1i do. douole
extras, ft Twits 23, do winter whest exrrss and doetde
iv.'a..,' .1 )'4i J-v;'a i-.ia.'iC x.'-.-oo.i.-4uv;
syr73. wnthern sij.ij.nu!; eiiral 7l7.r0. .Use
Hour Fine and supernue. .10. Corn meal lvet
e 0. He I BJllJj Orauiiiwine. ic, tl.asailM.
Ilnckwneai n mr. I' ICO s IJ7aaM.I3.
l'Hovisiois I'ork- lower and more active t ssle 4a0
bbis. st Hi 734)113 lor old nicis, csn. rgul4r, Novem
ber and lice mtiiT, closing witn sellers at the lower
flzorc. and llliilll.US tor new men, F. bruarr and
Slarcn. wlih pr me mess nearly nintlnnl at tl0.73attl.
and extra prime at tlO. Heef is morlntf pret.y freely,
but at t-nvalo nrlcr. In bacon we have oulr to notice
sales of cilv long clear at Oc with some contrae s on
pnva e terms cut meata dull snd uuietiicd. Lard
nmcttted. nueeti holding on, sales aoj tcv.rrosiy
city, smS-iuSc for bo t tn prime, tint Including prime
Weitern at OK tor ihe latter, however, few bids over
SVC 1.000 tcs sold for Janniry si sc Drcssot hoas
lower at 3'ar,.4;c II liter held hlsnsr. lull dull st the
advance, lelecitom an.i pu i.HygiOc .Kintc Isln.s. '0
ta,iit.t .c.ierm ll-iilc. Cheoie Uuntr al 1 utile, His
Istteranexirenie.
llaaiN H tieal in moderate export and r peeulstive
demand, and w.ia bnt mo.turaie otforiugs nne.-s were
I44V. nltiiiir sataa 161.0a) una. nt tl..'.i.tl :a lor N'o U
princi li-VktsioMH lor No. 1 do 1 ti.WoMl.M far red
and amacr win er) and tl.Hx4fl.IO lor common 10
choice wfiltc. Itvo firm. Willi more luqtilri ntaKgdOc
r w eiteni. ltariev in good demand 1 sal e.3,i)iu hiwi
aljiewk-. ror Western ami Male a id f 1 Ol.tl.0l lor
prime canala West. Ilats wers firmer, but dull lahw
f,nfbnmi at'Ouno forblaok and .uxed. andlvti,-.
lor while Ohio an I Mate, wi.h Mc. bid and relu-ed lor
prime carKoea No '4 e uicaa-o Corn aollve a'nt ntgniir
kaiea gJSQ) num. at T??. for catern mixed, in
si .re ai.d a'l.iai.-etos.e.r-al TV" f ir prtni in ai..M
Cotton Was fl-iner anno opening, with a lair de
mand and 1 1 nr' it advanci qn-te.t, (Tut the close w s
w Itliout inipr m it tu.-a ,.3i biiei, of wmen 7w
for uxport, in .1 npianns, p-i,c low .mi,., isi,o
ror luture delivery, umraei very unntlU'l, sues
l.iAld bales, cui-pu at !Sc- far tlocmbar, Idtt. Ul
Jai.uarl. and 1S''.PJSi.' lor later montll-
(iK.x ai'.iaa-C'otU'u nrm. but eloie 1 quiet under leu
fae rnUie advicea irom Uiu pr eea uoiiiiiial at .OySito.
f.r Java, and Isw.'a'Oiso lor U10, cold, duty pmi.
itiee ilroo ilng Cai'olliiA, 7'tHo 1 Kast lnlla,hi.
ISC. Sl'ilatrea dull prime old crop New Orleiu- Jj.i.
1'ing at31iit5ac. isnziira dittifilrto good rennlmi. Hi
Vv grueery g.adis, DHculOkci sues to-day 4V
tihda,niri nt fi-n9Ve in 1 boxes.i riva'e i.'-mi.
Kenned 'lull t bar ia, UVcalVic wnllo C A, Ml
MjNi'iilza-Pcirole'nm was more active tor crude, but
refined quicti pr'r s rath-r weak-, 2,3)0 btiu cm is
old at l"c ,nd l.Ouu bbls, iconlricu roilnrd fai iimo
beratgaViO. -.aphtha moru active at I0j,c lorW.st
em cm quoted nt lie. ICotu --trained quiet nt i it)
64fl.'3. tne lower price ror small lot, t-pn its tur,, en
title suUl at hrtHt .aflerwarl quote I al u.c 1st w
sold to 183 hhds, cliy. lor nex week's delivery, at I;,..
M inikey sold at 'J3c Kreighti ttate--were lower ii'i'l
btiFlnrsa more aclivo; wimat 10 Llvcipooi, 9d. by
sail, aun tM. by steam.
Lire Mock .Market.
Nrw Yonsr. Thursday. Oei. id. Fourteen care,
cr aMa bicies, arnved to-day. Itui rs weie also scare 0
In ihe market places, and ir msa "ns wero tinlnio 1
lant An extra fine lot 01 30 Ken llcv pIim rs, OH cw t
hioitzht U4iUc. a. it a lair drove ol 10 iiead. airong
il, est., sold ai UHutlOc.i nil .m good oni.ik, 70. cwi,.
w 1 re 41, id at a fraction under lii-.s- ft. Nativuateeia
sie nominally quoted al iil-c. V n aad rexaas al Gv,
SlS',0.
Tuenty cars, or s fr)t iheen and Iamb", arrived, rnrt
orwii.'h iieiebo'd n, 4 dull market al 4S4S''c t n
loi sheep, mid tiHuSluc for lamlii,
Pat v ul cslv's were leillng at 7W"I0HC. V t with
n lew ut lie
Jj'4Jio.tii'J'it'..cozJrcl!;i!t! JVlc.aiy.atd.S&iai1
earn cuvrs meiuaod.
lings were dull and denronel at 4 VT30 fl nine,
nnd V(it,c. drciieU. H"eeipls were Vl can, or i,IVg
head.
MA IllXK IXfHLl.Ui KXVK.
IIINlATl'ns ALMANAO Tllla my
bun rues 1. 'l'Min 1014 ft 0.1 I0011 1 Hi's 5 Oi
iiio'I w eTun una iiav
Ssnd) Hook.. 0 41 uov. liland i oo Hell dale S ii
Arrlvi'd-rm iiaiiav. Cel. s
Morimihip Moiro Ca.tlc, Havana, entiu. and pais.
K'.eauiiliip Veiiulla, Maiselllc. 11 .e
Meami.ilp It.ititi'inake, Philadelphia. mdc
hieimsnib tyomintla. New lledfurd, mdie aud pais
llara Uoethe llitmiiurg, In ballast
Prir hvaN .lolini-on lvortland. Umber
-elir aiah Mam eet Alli'qiiaill. N II Ip.ItT-.
h.'hr II. K I liallilliT. Sloiio oil, N It raliroad'tiei
Im 11 1111. rev, r't, John. N, II.. la'iiber.
tM-ni l.ney Lee. M John, N 11., lunihei
t-ctir 11 Wniall, Mmlce. S. S "ling.
AIo. Ine u.ual river a'll coaitwl'w laiieU.
',"1.1
Ill!lillt6 JlottCC'L
ICiipliiriit Prroii alioiild It 111 il 1 lis- I'uU
lotvlug 1
Vr. .sAcr-non.
Ukaii but! A friend of mine, mldlng In New
Yoik ruy, writes 10 me iliat he nas been ourM hy yur
patent npn. lance uud compmiad I un trnil'ile t with
iiioluro and my frlu id advises me lo try your r mc IV.
lla atlvi-e tne to iry it r. al. i.ie-i is a-ue f. 1 1 .u
siiiod lhat It will curd me. 1 have iv irn a iiu'b unr" 1
liaie bieu 1 11: uir. -.I. Alriiinaii -unie-oiuo to we ir
nnd if I could he cured of rnpiuie, i a nottoivoiru
triie I ihoald ti" willing 10 piv 11 tiandioino Htm or
iiioiiey. In fuel, I should not cnniidor money any th
Jici In eimniiri-iiii wiih hoiltl. 'I no loiter ttiai 1 re
e'elvit from my friend In Now Y014. g y-s me a fevlini;
e.l uai'oiiiaginii'i.ii mat Ih rc ti a 1 uie for my cue If
yon have .1 pamphlet giving some .tcoou'ii 11 vom
ini'i'iod of ircaimunt id runiurv. 1 ihoald llko to bavu
you lend It to me uefoie buying your patout noplian.'i'
und compound.
Hirecieot' Wai'and I. ntic.!H West liter ton it.
Itoiton. Man Dei tsji.
a:f eHA),Hv44Mu4v4M.4j.-4k4i4VHr'4 ayaii'i-4)(-(eeii4-tng
rui liiru llioir intereito 1 ca.i ti.ive nnumtani proof.
Horeiencs to thoiu win) have beou cuie t tu this ul'v
after neing iorinentel with 'riinci for mauy ysaiv, ean
beluinuLod Ufilce OJf llroadway.
The Wilson Hhulllo rlaivlngr .llnchlue, llir
ben and ctieaneit nisl-olass loaclnuns in tna wori't
Pllesfromimg tW, Sales roaaalJl flioaditaii
llenrr Wnnl Hrewlirr nnd Hr. Hhrrmnn. 1
aheo dlstinciilbed personages are hard at work 'j f
f irinnlieni m ol minkind. Tne former annlnliters to '1 I
s, 'rues' c mi. oris, and the iacerl.) bodily. Which nl Jl 11
tne 11 is Ihe mosi successful is a qne'tlon 1 hut we thlnM ll li r
tne doctor's nomgs ure the ino-t langMe, psrticnlarny sr m i
wnen he reduces the rnplnro and clues tbe breach. f II
lurcher metki strongly of tho rt xtor's ability, ha v w, fl I
lag been benefited by ion c of Ills applications 1 yet ha H
Is but ono of tne thousands who may point to Pr. Sler- aa
itisn's ruptuio cuie method as a sneciho. Vie say, go m i
)e wli-j aie 1 Utiiurod and bo healed, for trusses are an c al
abiding curse 1 Kg 9
Ihe aborewe tage trom the Vetnwo TrltfframnX k
(let It, the editor ol wbii Ii appears In mow ail about V Jf
iiiplure slid wtin ran cure it. consequently he rce-oni inty
msadi Ur. nhsrmau from cxpcrlenoo. ft rl
It Is ilnnirerons In m glrrl nny nffecllons f fi
of the blald-r, kidneys, or urinary organs. In such
cases HehiinoLD's Unciin Is the only reiaHe remedy I
tnat cso b sdopted to Insure a perfect core. Hyspep 1 1
sla.organle weakness, slrancuiy, dropsy, gravet, aait fi fj I
female Irregulsrilits lesdlly succumb lo tbls Inyalu- 1 I
able prcpaiatlod,
TIlTnny cV Co., i '1
UNIOV PQtTArtE.
DIAMOND MtittCIIANTS.
J
Wlieeler ets yilnn'n Mewlnsr MncMnes.
1141 lironlwsv. sol 1 br paying flu down and f to per
nn uth, without extra chaige. Mnehineito let.
J. T. ELLIS ft M. PKIIHY. i 1!
m
The best finer In .Nriy York to Imv rrlln 11
hie wsteln-s, ttnw 1111101111., new:- fahl nan!e lew.
eiry, Sd'lnerlli.'r Hlver wo 1 ling presents, Is MJUIltfc'j), s
U I nit-Hi it Diamonds a specialty. j
i 1
Itorbiieli'n AVrnllipr Hfrlps. S Fulton it.
niai e' ill lte.i.m.iii r.;liaiile,aad aliyars the cheanesg
M.tmiir.n,
AltrnKH-llYKtt -On 1biirday, October 7, 1871. al
the reiideno ol liie hr de's narenis, hy ths Hay M, 1). f
C l r.i'vioril. of New Voile rily. ruzeno Archr. o 1
Yonkrrs ti 11 inns') i' dsiunier of Kdwird 11, Ityer, r
Esq ,ol lookers, Weiichcit'r county, .N Y.
1 t
ini:n. t 1
CAHMOnT.-On Thursday, October J8, 171, Charles
fl Carmody. nged'.'O tears.
The is latives and frlendiof the family are respect. J '1
fnlli tnvnrd to aiienri the fiineral, from hts tale test it II
denee IIS Na'ian it., nn Saturday, Oclooer 2a, at Hit
A M to St. Pc ri'i Churrh, tlirclsy 11 where a sol, sj
emn insis of reimem will be offered np lor the reposo
ol his soul, thence to calvary cemetery. H
tlAf 1 1 Kit -tin Ihur-dsy, October Sannel Oau-
tier in the nl year ol his nge,
'the relatives and friei'.is are teipectfully tnvltsd t i "'l
sttend hii rnncrai on mi ids- nei.iiier r ai 7 P. 11. f 1
from his lue lendeiiee. afil Houth tit st., Wlllisma- 1 td
bin ah. I. 1. I
I'.PHHY.-Tn Brooklyn, nn Thuridar, Oftohtr 59, I r
Mary Ann only naniinieror P.dward nnd Mary et. Itui.
dy. or lhat cliy, aced 3 tears, t monlhi, and li days, w 4
rne foneral will be neid nl Hie reiitcnee of hei m
psrenti, .70 Jay st 011 1-rlaar, Detno 'r 47. st 3 1'. tl, 1
Tne rclatlrciandlneads of Iho la nily are invited la
to present .y
TA YLOU-Sndlcnly at his rraldeuce, Abraham L. 4 Jl
Tai lor. aged M yeim 'ind 7 monlln laoi
The IP's nm and 'earis e-r thnff'i'r ire ielte1 ro y
l.lt"nd Uiu fll'leral. at llm llh It lllpllt rhurch.be. f 1
taeen An. II and C. nn Friday, October 17. at I o'clock. f,
I M1MIW0111) -At lllinoildge, on haturday, Oo.
to-or 41. iS'l.John t nderwojd, uged aojui 60 years.
P.ng'iih papers pleste copy,
VVIfllllMAN- IVtdniKiiny. OctoherSS. Jamrs Poole, 1
br.i'vcl child of Knde-irk T. and Mary Wlghuuan, J 1
ageu 4 months and 71 day, i
Ii.ei at are k cliy lut itid In attend the funeral, frony 1 1 wi
tbe ic'ldoice ot sir John Wlgmmin SOI Kwen st ,1 I?
llioollyii. H on Friday, Octnner 37, at 'i o'cloeg. (p Ii
WKl.t-H-At tiercen Point. N. .1., octon.r !0, isdt V
denl) ol heart liiiw, Cnarlci K. oils, sgad U ycill
and 11 months 1 a
The trien.li ard relative" of the fmlly ate respect. 1 I
fully invited 11 spend n s run.-rat,trm ihe residence ot 'L. I
bis fattier on Kr.dav, al i'4. witiiont further noi.n v.Ji
Wooliitl.IlY -DciiinerTH. a 1 oVIoe A. M.,i)eorgf f it Ii
Aboo t. jounaii son 01 c.uirtes aad -Margaret Wood. y 1
bury, age 1 la yea and Otiaia k
III, iim 01 ute has zone out. eie a shadow dimmed a. If
tho nnghineisof tils moinino sky 1 he has ramed iroin ,7
tlio home wne u he was so uei 1) laied nld 'hsrs is t ll
vaein' sea' h.s s-atin wnleti ihe eye of parent! and I!
blfi'liur will el"! les' rererunili an 1 1 ie brlg.n ao.it
01 fond paie.ns are n'ii..'itc.i ont theie 11 '-n.- ma mora
dwcncr 111 a 11 ipeter hnm on thai otaer sh ulog ihore,
W 1 1 e we s'i"li '"lie. I. "11 ag .In.
7 ia-rei., iy. un 1 lino i' "I he finnlrare Intlted Id
attend me im i 11 on s unlay, oetih'r from his A
lal. les.dehce, w14 boaih 'i'u su, Jcnc) City, all o'clocl
P M. 1.
1 t
Sjifcml Ttolitts.
JOHN I'. IIK.NHY. j
9 I.OI.LM1K I'LACH, J-,
SKrt VIllK, 1
Invite ihe attention of ihe liule to his stock ot 1 1 1
JJltfJOUI-.t!' M .-.Hill t, 1
PLltrlfMhtllli. t,
ti.sLHAin imrinr.s,
lllll. l.l (ilKlllj, POtl',4. 'I
rorctgn ImrortMlonsJnst re e ved rr Hie la 1 ttaaj, .if I
CllllfVrMAH IHPria i
rAMJY ClUUUalN tlllb'AI' VAP.IF.Ty.
IIIVE'tAI. WATF.Ht fa,
lioma'lihe leading sprlugi Ii the Unltedfltstei.ini 1
c ii limr Hie celeiiatel H Tt V Tisis ,V" M'tUNlli 1
CIIMlliK"- aPIIIMI, WII1TK Sl'LPIlUH. VA UlSt
PlSQUOl.ic Ac
wjc.vsnsNow in srocic. i,
ntOPnlKTAHV JISDICISKS!
Over two thouvaud diiTeieut reinilieili my cata
loLue. I'ne lirec stock of coodi of tins klnl In any
one eitahiiihinentlu the world. Lowest market prlcca,
Dealers arj reineeti'itiv Invited loritt.
CULl.hli-C I'LAChl. NKW VOHK,
''f
WSI. KNAIIK cV CU.'S
''I 141'.),..,
Ca UaoADwaT, t
3. MAl'LIt CO.. tl .neral AgrnVi. r f T
llan'ii tn rent, soil on instaltmenti, and 'a
rent allowed in eae of puieliaae. 4.

.1 mtp.sT HATirniiAY papeh.
LOOK OPT FOI! 7 Hi: IIUHIILt: MIUKl'
KVhMVO MAIL 1
TO-.MOHUOW,
The belt evenlns paper ever 1 ubliihcd. Twentylhots
sand cosies will be printed. A graua cbjncofor a I,
verniers,
"l A II T Ills IN HKtltCH IIP A I'lltHTa
claoi'iann would do well t es inline our fine snort. 1
menl of lr.struiu.'nti tier no tiaretiaiiiiz.
A our laenlll.. will atmlt of alving a better PI NO,
tor the s una p-iee tn iu any otner tioiisa iu tho iraie.
Call aut be r inrlnej I tt
llAlftllS Uil03.' Sien tlino t!vom. 5:
77 Union -quire.
UflVlh HAVANA lillTTEirv.
Prlres ca.lied aud Inlmmaiion furulaaed. Order' I'.
prompt.) tl.loil. r.vVHilli CO. Hankers.
lb Wall St., .Sew Vork
DO, NO r'NKTiLilt'P-VIMIirTKBTII.'T M
daily 7hnrs'.ni'i Ivors leael loitli Powder It will
AJ-op 'Jie'D clennronrAl,au.l aall', -iaW. byJrucglf tl
an 1 laucy goo is del era.
1 I
iiaiir.uitt. 't
1
INSUHANCK COMPANY,

Caih Auets Oct. 1. 1571 ll.T13.ICtl S3
Losies at Chloago will not exjead 3.MJ.003 Ci
Leaving Casli Allen ut lbs Hams Oct. 17,
1871 7,771,701 11
ALL I.I1SSB8 WILL nil I'llOMPTLT PAID, AVO
POLIC1KS ISUItD A3 UaUAL.
a
CIIAlll.F.S J, MAHI'IN, 1'raillfut.
J. II. IVASIII1UIIN, Sccietaiy,
jjNoviriL "ir"', 1
nnt! i.vsuhascl' company.
110 ItliOAHWAY.
THIS COMPAST, AFl'Klt PATLVO ALL L03t
SUSTAINED AT CHICAGO, WILL STAND AS FOL
LOWS! CAHIt CAPITAL 1 159,000
8 U UI'L Ll O VFJL Ui.M
CASH ASMUTB OCT W, W11, OVEII ISiS.ooO r
1), S- WALCOTT,
Ptosldsot.
I IltM'EX Lena,
Seereure.
jji'Ul'K til' TUB
UuFFMAS Film I lSl'ilASCE COMPANY.
At .1 meeliiig held this day, having uiected Mr, Miicul
F, llodgis, formorly President of ihe Kiccliloi Firs
Iuturaneo Cumpany, thsir Pi'osldsnt, In the place ol
Mr, William ll, ntxoa, resigred, tt vat an mmous' y
rosolrod to Increaao tne Capital Sti nk to l!M.).
'I lili Company win Hereafter occupy and continue its
butli e at 130 llioaln sy,
oi.ivkii a. nitAKi:. sscrois.tr.
Sew Vorw, iict.'o -r IS, 18,',
t'T. 'fs'K'IKII.Ai 1 NIKA Nfli: (';TmIm 'l
109 HMIAOIVAV-'
'ii!4rt.i.''.,J.11''
-..-..j.... 0j, jj-,-,,.
This Comiinnv htvl'g an nuimpaiied cam tapcit.
andularce inipliii, and haying lo't nothla n -Chlcazu
fire, w Id oouttaue to tniuro fas il-clsas risai 1
Now Vorg City and imiacJlale vicinity ujon re i -able
terms.
(OILS J, hEAULSU, t.ciiUiy,