?ABT n? WASBW6T0N, vi
'OU
The PMMit and Prospective Art*
Work Hi the Capital.
The Ann rotating* la the Halle and Corri
dor*?Bad Teete hi the- Decoration*?The
Bronte Doert-A Dow Door Dteeeeoryfor
tt* Hoot* W lag?Statuary That Will
Do Required?A Great Opportunity
for Our American Artirta
WlSBlNUTrnt, Deo. 22, 1871.
The grotesque m of Senator Wilson's proposition
?o have hie wnwitm room whitewashed oan only
feo appreciated by ooe who has inspected Dm fresco
worn In tbe ball's juid corridors of tbe Capitol. The
national propensity to Whitewash whatever to offea*
aire as politioa or anaarblly id arcblteanra was
?ever more artful)/ suggested or more fannlly. pre
?ented. I do not want to write an esaay on tbe
achievements of American kalsomlners, nor to por
tray the oeautles which wo owe solely to tbe white
wash brnsh, but I know of no more fitting plaoe for
the application of this peculiar art than Capitol
Bin. >*?om the allegorical picture hi lha dome or
the Rotunda dow*; >to tbe very crypts uuderueath fj
the Immense building, tbe handiwork of Ih<j artist
might profitably bd swept away by tbe handicraft of
swn AWnst's emtAub or tan bkosm.
Excepting in aomb of tbe details of portrait aad
animal palatum Mr Meuueto picture of "The Course
ef Empire," we would suffer no loss if the allegory
aisappenrcd lorever. Whether wo should lose any
thing in losing even the beet of the historical pis
tares wmt wstl m-donbced also. Tbe gahdy dooo
rations,-1 of ,.(he Prestdeiu's Boom; ar?: osr
latniy as valueless M ihcy are distasteful,
and well might Senator Wilson bewail the
cucumber patches which adorn the walls of the
Benate oettatltiee onMilitary AMr* Tet these I
%oui?h wtumgty Spars in aaidd coaunaah the un
limited use of ihc whitewash brush In other parts 01
..Uio building. It is tbo work of Hie ifesoo painters
wnicti is my especial abomination. Away Id tho
?ndless oOtrldon of tbe Cgpitol, ofteb tn dark re
cesses where tnaa were compelled to Work bp gas*
light kfMf wlrer* ordinary human vision oaooaf pea
strate, Is a tiresome succession of artistic dulnesa
and stupidity wrought out oy the unceasing enthu
siasm of tge treadmill. Ever/conceivable bird la
nature and Slit of it, not even rorgettlng tbe winged
bipeds In the worsted works of ancient ladies of the
last generation, can find lis portrait among the aec
?rations,entwlped with flowers and frnlts and vege
tables. The Museum 01 Natural History In the Cen
tral Ark' mm) to compare in profusion with this
uiost dondcrful collection of painted birds; and,
irhnt Is moro, those stand in stuffed dalness, while
these are alt on the wing. One day last week I
walked perhaps miles among these painted feathers,
hut was brought to a full stop at last by tbe sturjng
countenance of
Alt KVKK WAKESUL OWL.
Anybody who behoves that the American ow^In
dulges lu perpetual slumbers, or only opens a single
?ye in the dead or nlgnt to catch a glimpse of the
moonlight, has only to visit the Capitol as 1 did to
be convinced of his error. Not more than forty
Saoes from the stairway marked "For Senators
oly," an Inscription suggestive of things not soon,
and mst Inside or one or the windows which admit
light ana air into the cavernous recesses or the
national Capitol, this noble bird may be found by tho
curiods. Tbo other birds seem nneasy In their
lattice-work of vines and flowers and sweet pota
toes and pineapples, but this fine fellow has work
to do, and he does It?his task being to uphold a
painted bird ougo in which thore is a painted
teanarj. Nothing could be mors ridiculous, and
there could bd no severer comment on
L Tn* mrrm-Rss or American art,
and yet we are expected to gaze npon this thing
ana ehjoy if, just as some people expect ns to enjoy
the puerility or Vinnie Ream's statue of Lincoln In
the old hall of the House or Representatives.
I cannot forego what conios to me In the light ol a
duty?the duty or exposing this stngnlar freak of the
artist's brush as a specimen of the art work dono for
the nation. After seeing It once I went back again
to seeII me owl and the canary bird and the bird
cage were ready there, reeling rather impressed that
wnat l had seen was ouly an ugly vision. Alter
threading my way amoug coloniiuuos of overy kind
ad nldhg bird-erabowercd corridors,,in that Ujipcr
deep, under the committee room and the halls of
Cougrssa i at last satuo agalu upon that bird oi
worse omen than 1'oe'a raven. There it may stay
forever, with the bird cage over it, unless Senator
Wilson's expedient is adopted and it to white warned
from before o?r offended eyes. hut the memory of
this picture^ arid of runuy others hot unli^e lt lu
the same pmce, must not be allowed entirely to
fade away, faal Konowtcah' s are gro
tesque, certel not, bitf tnese an iunuler than any
thing no (Mr ifrew. ill his drawings, especially in
those which illustrate the -'Midsummer Night's
Dream." 11 tore is something which is very like art,
even if vye deny that Iris work is entirety artistic:
hat here there Is no meaning?nothing but t'Sfld and
patent laanity. Yet that which aas bo meaning in
Itself gray teach an important lesson aud prepare
us to break tbo images wltlch disfigure the Capitol
and pbt American art to shams.
vvtiesoe came the ides of dunning the wails of tho
Capliol with those cpudlllea la one ef those undetor
miuabip crets whichever! tac aouumess ef a Wash
ington newspopor reporter ormnot ferret ouf. Heuer
ally, the daubs wtuuu may be seen on every hand
are attributed to
A CXAZg ITALIAN,
who got Spmeiiody'H ear in the time of somebody's
AumluistfuUOB arfd used tire tU-plaeed cpuflUtsnce so
atroclOusly. it matters UUie who did the work.
Most of it was dope by Bruuude, I believe; but it is
scarcely worth lybile to ascertain definitely. Ltke
the rash youth who sought everlasting Tame by
?ring the kpheslai, dome, and wnose name was
con.-equeutiy doomed to forgotfuiuess, tUese heed
less sntsW de?sfyc oulr oblivion. Brum Id e had Ids
flay, but Brumide wiU svW JdffbUte ?ve,n,
J among his wuris unless that w^bdtOpe QWi should
keep Ms memory green. All the rr< seff work bas
boen dono wiimn the last tea rears, but even.11?
wry vtwtnou to appalling. The noted pictures, at
least In iresco, oi the grout Italian masters are out
numbered by those lu we Capitol wlflob connoisseurs
of Amst-tona art tall us are admirable. fcenMoy
Wilson is perhaps not a very good judge oi artistic
perfections, but the beauties of art have their effect
even oa the untutored lutellsot. I have already
teoitod his opinion of tbe fresco paintings in his
'committee room, but perhaps the Agricultural
committee Room of the IIousc Is oven moro won
derful. "Tbo paintings," the visitor tn latormed In
one ot the many guidebooks for me Capitol, "are
emblematical of the business intended to be trans
acted us it." But this to a ratbsr roseate description,
for the two pictures which lint catch the syo arc
those aauHuarly patrioticotfl gsnusmsnCiuciutiatus
end Israel 1'uuiaui leaving the plough. It is not often
"to ntona wuodWP
that any of ih? persons who nndertake to show
WHAT THKT KNOW ABORT PAKMINO
la thin room havo any corssot notion of wbAta
plough Is like. The plough, however, forms a very
Important feature in I he decorations of the Capitol,
la the famous bronze door, designed hy
Crawford, at the main entrance to tho
Eeoate wtag, psaco and Its attendant triumphs
are fepieseutod lu this useful implomeut
with a good many people standing around
and on It, nam one beg las to feel a sort of sincere
pity tor the untcli-iihus.-d plough. The defeois every
where apparent. ii> the works of apt,which are sup
posed to adorn the Capitol are dtfe ro the haste
with whlob the artists eoncatved nod exeouted
their dsslgu'i. Where Urore Is originality thero is
orudity. and w nore there Is not originality thore Is
a palirrul copying of threadbare Mens. Let Die
Illustrate on tbe cetiibg of the room devoted to
tbe farmers 10 Urs House arc -bsautiful representa
tions ot the four seasons.* Any one, oven wllnont
'seeing tbeui, can form a very correct Idea of what
these "beautiful representations" are like, and will
bs prepared for the assurance mat I saw in one ot
the rooms belonging to the senate wing?which one
I do not now call to mind, and I hops 1.never may?
Se signs of the zodiac oopigd from some Poor
cbsru's Almanac. And yet. by tne retention of
that whleb is really good in toe Capitol, aud the
liberal nan of the whitewash brush- with the rest,
most of all by moving with deliberation in whatever
-rsmaiita to be dono, we may some ftfty noma to bd
proud -sf tne sit work in and atxuit This nobis
DUlldlQg,
WHAT aBMAlNa TO BE DONS.
It Is bow too late to criticise the hiltonoal paint
lags or even the groups at sculpture in hUfb reUsf
which era um special attractions of tho Rotunda.
The paintings are all by American artists, and tho
subjects of both classes of wort relate exclusively
to the early history of the country. However deff
mapt J
ownt they may bs in dttrstto merit?add very Utile
can bo said for them in tnis respect?tbey ate still
valuable as speolmos* ot-our early art work and a-i
sue eiobodtm ent of o?s earlier sin as is. KspcoMhy
wc wwember that actem to
tbcm is gamed tntoagh
Tui sBones Boom
winch Randolph Rogers executed st Home for his
country's CapltoL These doors are hadsud a master
pleoe of arb No mntflar structure u Jte world can
compare with ihernl auu they are n^ Tese remarka
ble for thefr completeness of finish tnantBsir purity
of Resign. Tho much vacated doors of urawford.
which are held lb particularly gttoeful re
msiiibranoa,,as being ,uu kom
lamented antst, catmoc be ooidpsred with them
for a momertt. OrawiorS's ptstnips an srowdarL
?no 'here to bob# of that frsedan of fctotep wgicU it
tOv
[ere1
yet
ioalt and
or* m open to none er mmm oejeowoee.
a^p ,k vssst ?mnas
tne tiutw pMti ov?r, them, nut 01 the
-rgures and emblematic devices which make the
ornamentation he profuse, fails to iwMi i tjH
anachronism. da the other hand, there la an au
I ichroulsm In Crawford'H work wbicn w astoumMg.
t uecnnito the pane* itfpreseuiing m ovation to
^h^hiujftoa,at irentou, N, J., while on tils way to
Jew York to assume tfreetfcce ol insidsiit. Among
ho men assisting attlif.rtoeutioaot the great chief
of the nation W on& man who wears a full board
J ?namuatactto, exactly Uko those oiPraaHWat Went,
hme eteek of that per|o<| both wear modern neok>
Mas, anu tap headdress of ono of the young girls en
gaged In strew ink flowers hptore thePattier of hla
**re|P*<*??*? 'or Ala roaamUauco to the
fe^rswr.rtj ffls^ssjds
In the history oi art. Another objeotton wf uwsa
doors is the Offensive advertisement of "he 2
Kffia ^SMH
"oil? StaSS.ViSieffi00 10 morc
*\E saae,?"""
BOT WIRE RECENTLY REMOTE!)
to tb? main ontrauce to the Rotunda* Thus whifn
tue principal door of timcapitol la 2ii5ma
the mhantQeeutp?ece of art work whlchrn muSSr
}t "orap'ote history of the achievements of Chris*
topherctgambu* and the beuate wing thrwgntiui
?zT$^!F^="SH
?ent. AnothSrSsetao^bronzeuo^wayswul*somir
fay have to be buf fer this emmu^ana n thl
pieasaatutss," aud. being a oivii war mwhSS?
b0,? ?f tteowK
the"*$225??rhe ?urrenderofLeCe'anu
ml? Uuoola may serve lor the ouiar four.
Ea w Mev&t^USJSKi ffl1! W S5.ES?
looked-for ohance one oi
*n??h-tlon e GL*01 nnoxpectoiTinspiratlon^
be lh dMlgmn?1 aPPOTtaBtly for Amorlc:ut ait WW
fhr 41,. "W'-BWATIO VIGFRES
KS.3?wr,M(,?r.p5f?lr?
aouiewsnesm for the future will have
tiiiMficJcs X SKUP,SSfffigL'ss
J~f ft? ^Mrai figure in the sutuary to the pemfnent
yrjss svtmfa&vS:
Bucceaa la iffl
wreeapra"?tuts is. a work which w,n v.
s?FK? ipir *5
Mf """'S KeWgWefl-JSt^
ifessfslii
SaSffilffiSS* s
k5?3H?HSmS
ca^cri|wn the uudertagiug ny accomplishing; it sue
srsar tgsasrwa,?
SSffl s^TiS'Ksi0 ".isi ?r
SSSSTSIE 2?"? UWU
SBHpFfc"Baa hS
fflni? The iencr.??11^ ,*U<1 'lcuCJ i-?e from VlT*
fife'soS"SKSFu&ttrr??Z% S%b,SS^
soldiers and statesmen, espMiaiiy^bJmTwii^
flinch?. always assooiatod with this hail, and
itiQH tiiiijtajjeri trill become a uiost no.>le monn
ment to the greatness and grandeur of tho republic"
it H lirTDSncn ,m, .o
took into mis matter, buN on tim omor hMd .vl
jrerii aud alio Muto.s lntenUtng to luruisti 8taiiiA<?
exercise great caro andJndKm^idWow!
l^K.?"niII,,aiWU8 *or any work tnat mav bodciar
Keam'a01UMnX? waa,1 n? aior? staiuwffike Minnie
is? i..^&2ShrwssiSKr w
?Hln/ Atnn?9 he one, b? in these onses
are bound together in unity of interest 7
I HE ACCIDENT ON TtfB CINCINNATI AND
INDIANAPOLIS JUNCTION RAILROAD.
nu
Lint of Killed nnd WMided.
(From the Cincinnati Commercial, Ow. 2:1.)
Tne passenger train over the Gmoln nail aad India
j polls Junction Railroad, which left here at woven
A. M. yea tommy for Indianapolis, by the way ef
Tp mdfl"'
IHuniiton, met with a terrible aocldcnt at a point I
thirty-one miles eastot Indianapolis and one mrfo I
west 01 Burlington. Engine and train were thrown.
IfTom the track, at about twelve M., by a broken rati. 1
They ran some twenty or thirty yards after leaving I
tne track, until they struok a bridge or trestle, wnen
one side and tnOr
the ongine was hurled over on one side and the ears
on ttio otner, a distance of about twenty feet. En
gine and oars were completely wrecked. The engi
neer, James llauunou, of iujiaaapolis, was tu
stauuy killed.
Tne conduoter. M. B. Flentier, of Hamilton, was
also killed. Ha was in the baggage oar, And waa
struck by the United States Express safe and fatally
nfwmed. He lived only a few minutes Pat.
Ittuargy. foreman of the seotion on which the acci
dent occurred. Whc lir.?p;a?d to be on the trmn
Wftsjiiwhr Mo was U) ISO Vigga^i 6ft, ftul Was
guled by the atovo railing upon Dim. The baggage
master. L. Gotuen, had an arm broKOti.
Mr. Flonucr's uody was taken to Indianapolis, ae
Were those also of the engineer and section lore
man. This was to have been Mr. l'ienner'8 last trip
lor two mouths, as lie had obtained Jeavo of absence
for that period. He had been oh the road toil yours,
and was well and ravorabiv known.
Mr, Hamilton's booy was roccived at indluuapoiis
bybte brother.
Our special telegram from Indianapolis gives
tne following particulars as to lniurios to passen
ger s:?
Thero were u attire number wouaded. Including
Trod prnger, Indianapolis, nead iiud side: George
Bessel, Indianapolis, head and Side, and leg badly;
f liar lea Daly, For cue oouuty, head and, leg; Mr.
tir 11.1?? -^-JS?*
Jfesse VAn Kitnm tan, Mr. Oarraei, Til., shoulder and
side, atigniiyj Eva May, DrswfoMsviUt, shoulder
dislocated; vv. H. Mayncw, Indianapolis, shoulder;
Mrs. Jamea Yonso, Franklin, silghtir; J. P. Indole,
Atlantic and uroat Western Railroad; Miss J. b.
Harvey, Ladoga, slightly; Sallte (larvey, cm on
head; Miss N. Uoigen, -lightly: Danici llas^ot, Oon
nersvnle, hid., weimer and George Basil, all
brni-ed: R. E. ttnilth, wife and son, ouiclnnasi, all
Rllghtly; Lizzie Bell. Lebanon, slightly; Mrs. Mary
Uioy and s<>n, Rushvllle, slightly; Miss Katie teii?e,
slightly; Onariea Daly. Conneravule. slightly; Laura
Oowau, Crawforcisvilio. face cut; James Williams,
fireman, Indianapolis, arm broken and scalded (will
die); I*. W. binader. Nashville, burned ana tup hurt;
Wiffum nickctts, siigutiy; Van Laotngnah), College
Corners, Ohio, s'lghily, wife shoulder broken: Mr.
Wlokhofl and wifo, Jamestown, bruised; A. .1. Joy as
Indianapolis, twaisod.
THE NEGRO OUTRAGE IN ARIANfiAS.
I From tue Metuphls Aval tnoho, Dec. 2LJ
The latest advices from Lase village sro through
a gentleman Who left thero on boaday (the lttn)
a#H
_teraoon, who reports thnt when be Uad reached
tirty yards trora the shore of the uko (Chicot) hewns
hailed by numeious arnica negroes, who came to
the bank and ordered him to return, whloh ho failed
to do, and sacqeeded In escaping. At the time of
his departure the white women and children were
seen running np one of the streets, and from me
?creams and oonfusi, u u is feared that some ot the
1a female residents had been ravished.
white _ _
CspTala 8. P. Walker, me bnrritr, who was a
TJmoB officer, and u a strong radical, has made ap
plication t* naff regular troops o.-Mered to Ohidit,
county, it) whloh request hgjs joined by the
radical and conservative citizens. Ttiis prof
tor regular .aeldlors la owing 10 Hie well-grounded
tear tnal lfinllitls are sout to quell the disturbance,
the file? necessarily comprising many colored men
will fraternize with the rioters or a donation ensue
that Will result in loss of life that mlffnt be avofto.t,
were United Mates soldiers under a uompetent on
cer sent therc.
Governor ilodiey Tim telegraphed that his edJn
tant (Goneral Keyes Hoofertai wui to-day leave for
the scene of the dlsturbanoe.
In the meantime, all me whtte oitlren* of Chicot
wno ooutd obtain conveyances nave left tbo coun
try, and as their reaMenoea are unprotected and
,-oiton piokiug is suspended, great loss of property,
It la feAred. WUI ensue from Ibid outragmM^H
diUooof aihirfk
tragepus con
WUtfCAL I0VEIE5TS MD VIEWS.
A "Passive" ?rhit (fee Ou Terfei Principle.
[From the B&JUeme Uetrabhaan, Dee.
While we trunk it h%tf hiy improbable that senator
Humner's constitutional amendment e.tablteblng
the one term principle aa part of the organic law
will pass Congress drtrmg Che present session, yet
it la encouraging to nottoe in* progress or a move
ment wwish Is net inferior In LTiportguee to a ay
now on root In political circles. Thid progress la
directly due to the fact that tUo American ppoplo
o( all classes and parties have determined td in
augurate and consummate a ttrorongfi retbrtn in all
department# of gowernmont, state and federal?
a determination which itas already borne sub
stantial lruita in tbo breaking up of tne New
York ring of plunderers, and also in the prepara
tion of a plaa lor Uie recnnutruction of the oivfl ser
vice, which Wds fair to be soeeiTUy adopted. But
reform, in order to do Its work property and u(factu
ally1, must begin at tne lonntaln head, and when
that w once cleansed the streaas and Us tributaries
H WSLf!?, 1W19M
away the heart oi society, hot actually sapping the
foundations of the governmental structure. This
fountain Mead Is, of coarse, the Presidency.
The one term principle is pre-emlnentv a popular
principle, because Its practical operation will do
asore to protect the rights of Hie .people, and Insure
MhmwfegmmaMw, beneficent and eco
to tpem the blessings ol wise,
nomicai government, than any other device which
modern statesmanship has suggested.
fFrom tue Chicago Times (democratic) Dec. 23
Mr. Somner's proposition aimpiy Is to give effect to a
long-existing and very general popular desire. AaMo
from party leaders, party office-holders and party
office-seekers, there are very few American cltlaens
who will not heartily cry amen to the proposition.
Reform in civil administration la everywhere the
one albcngroeatng. demand of tho time. The reform
should begin?must begin?wltn the head of the
evil, in the presidential chair. Mr. Oram's specious
announcement of tne pfpv of Hamlet without Uain
let is ''too thin." 'lite emphatic demand of the
audiepce Is that Uaraict be brougbt lnty the play.
"IHiwb gs? Passivism FlsbVlflWi.
[From tne Mobile Keg inter oiltra-deniocruUo),
Dec. 20.]
The last nostrum for tne democratic "sick man"
has not proved a success in the way designed by its
authors. It has, nevertheless, proved a blessing in
disguise in. the spirit of ludiguant protest that it
evoked from the awakened democracy. The propo
sition to disband and surrender has been mot with
a storm of rebuke that shews there Is life in the old
land yet. It has proved a touchstone to show that
the democracy Is not only not dead, bat that It Is
stilt cliock lull of pluck and light. The only men
that seeui to take kindly to the doctrine are tho
auti-Crant republicans. TUcy are passive enough
when they are expected to come to tho front and
strike hands-with me democrats and conservatives
of the land in a fair bargain to wrest tho govern
ment from the hands Of imperial mongers. Their
efforts up ro this time go no further in apparent
contemplation than to be aw Grant tu the radical
nominating convent 1011.
The Coming New States? Alarm ?f the
Democrats.
[From the Albany Argus (democratic), Dec. 2A|
Radicals who have tho grand central idea of gov
ernment on the biatn are exceedingly desirous of
admitting an of fmvTerritories as BUtee, and then
build np their central power by increasing their
strength in the United Mates Senate. We have now
nine territories Whose population at the last census
stood as follows:?
Arlaons... H.WW X?w Mexico I?l,ht4
Colorado SM,8ti4 Utab 8?t7hrf
Dakota..... 14,191 Waahlngton M.'.WI
Idaho...,., Wyoming 9,US
Montana...... SIMMS
Total ....S1U30
These nine Territories when made States would be
entitled to nine Representatives and eighteen'
Senators in Congress in a population all told equal
to that of two-congressional districts In the Slate of
New York. Some years ago Oregon was admitted
upon a population of in,294, and the same State has
now but ;io,8'i3. Nevada was admitted when its
population waae.sa?, und Nebraska when It had a
population of only 2*, 811. Nevada has now 41,401,
and Nebraska 122,00'. The act proposed by Repre
sentative Potter or mis Stare, providing that no
State eballUo ad united without the requisite num
ber of population, should lie adopted. This would
prevent further lmnonitioB npou tne largo states,
while no hardship could come to those who are in
a territorial condition.
New England Polliienl Orfiuw on ?Ths
i t>? 'klvtalti.t'
Tho Boston Pv> ideniocratlc) qn<>tHs a passage
Irons the lite addtesa of the Missouri Liberal Ko
publican commiaoe, and remark*:
lot tftoso republicans who admit the
for "hction" sot?give an ehhiest
ecnelr 'determination' to oppose praaenk<,eJeria-,
ing abuses oy oft independenf orgSniz-TlIjV
to secure the nominauoil and election. of
men honest, cacaiile und truo to tue coiustl
tut ion -to national oflUv-s, and they wilt experi
ence) no lack a( democratic sympathy, llut lor
tho democratic party to "withdraw"'?to abandon
the watch-tower hefbre a uew.aud truatwdrtiiy
guard Is ready (or tue. ramparts?la leaving the
citudol to the pillagers, surrendering our gbnfi into
our ononiy's hands and betraying that cowardly
despair wnlca to followed" by oraven submission.
-The Boston A&wrttsec (republican) comments
upon tpe address, and adds:?
The democratic party Is not ho much persuaded I
by the sednotion or thm address as woold be picas
Ing to. |iq authors. The democracy wf
lng loJmaumors. the democracy *1%
ing |o be helped to any offtenf, bnt it whi not ftseir
play a second part. TM> mcnaUfao of the MMhourt i
third party is pot Uopoiul. ihero Is no organua- I
Hon outside edthht gtafc witfc which It ban fnakV a I
respbcuble alliance, it wilt not achieve any glory
by supportltag a third candidate for the Presidency.
I It cannot make a coalition with the democracy ex
kept upon tho basis of a division of spoils, and in the
present temper of the1 puMlc-mlbd honest men,
Who are mow. deeply convinced that (be President
has made mistakes, will not see in 4uch a bargain
any protocol ou lmpaovmaont.
Tfce* flrorgia ^pocfil (Licet ion for fa over nor.
[Iftorn tHo Ooismba* ^Gs.f Bne'frlrer?democratic?
(Demitkli v.< h- 1_?
The largo vote of Muscoge^.^oniHT tor urtonel.
Sou til Is particularly gruilfytng. H was not strictly
a party vbte.tliongh the radicals jjfcneratly retrained
from going to the pens, in secortatfte #tth what is
Sm a*jer??ned to bake new the wrnligstonrrtiHi <rf
e party. quite a uuuiber of colored votes wore
cast J county for lolonel PmHil (i ne democratic
candidate), and, large asJtV? vote wge, K would
iavaPeon cotwldefaoiv'larger had fherebcen
sit? on. c .'S'C.'
rsr
Tim Mexi lt?rerRor ol Rnnsne.
The Oswego t Kansk.) ittgUftr says tnat "ft seems
to ho generally conceded that Tom Osbornis to be
note Lioveruor of tltia heats." Upon which the
Lawrence Rtiwbimri remarks:?"As the eaggosUoa
is original mtb the the ?genernlfy con
certed' part of the programme is notas viaihie to toe
naked e.y cus It might be.''
MfNtnry of Slater of |Vau?yhubi?
rioWexnor Geary lias appointed Adam a lieiuoehl,
ex-State Senator from f-uocasror county, Deputy
Secretary of the uouMboilwealtb.
(Illin Judaea.
Governor Hayes, of Ohio, has seidcied Jolui 1*
Miner and .f. Brygtrt Waiter as .rii'tgcs m the
Superior Court In place of Hon. Bellamy stortr and
Hen. Aiphoneo raft, k ugaud.
nncwnati rot*\< rnr Hys that Messrs. Miner
ami Walker wW prebiblf be the seimbltran ciuial
datcs tor Superior J u threefct the April, election, and
understands that n. w. Kittredge and Alfred \apw
will he the opposition (Mtllgatca.
Th? <1?il SiWlif Kttfsm HhnrMsl.
[Vrom ibo Cleveland Hcraid (republican), Doc. 23.|
Benalor Sumuer is right tu declaring thai the
proposed amendment lies at the very toondatton
oi civil service reiorm, bnt there was no occasion
for him to impugn the motives of President Grant
and to vent his npito by an attempt to mane it
appear (hat. the President favored utvU reform as
applied to every othor brancti of the servloe than
the one he represents. The great fear now is, that
Senators and icepreaen to fives, in thmr soiflsn seal
to serve the President, will be induced tooppqso
rtoOlitnoti, whlw had Semiror
the adoption ot the
Buninex shown mom magnanimity aud less hgtved
tOWVOi iho President, the measure Would And
s-nrieiy a* opponent. w
CLUBBIB6 A WISH.
I'uUk* l ojle. a. laborer. residing at Sib West
Nineteenth street, >*uune angry at his wife, Anne,
lor getting drunk on Bunday ntgf.t, thus antici
pating Christmas prerogatives, and proceeded to
show his displeasure bv clubbing her about the
bead and t?>dy, brca*leg her ooltar bone. He was
arrested and was committed at Jefferson Market
?yesioMay forenoon by Jtiettee Btiaodley.
SIABBiBO A3SAPLI,
John Kills was obargfd, at Jefferson Market yes
ten lay mornlug, with stabbing Franols P. Kuapp,
of sab Greenwich street, In tno shoulder and arm.
Bnapp was leaving the Thompson street churon at
hair pMl live o'clock, wiion Kllm assaulted Idm. Tho
latter was arrested, was committed to answer
l? default bad
t THE TREASURY RING.
1 Ul ?||p *??y> {p .1* 1*di
Secretary Boutweli Preparing
His Defence.
He Takes Now Denature A Mystery Dis
pelisd-What Secretary Boutweli Knows
About Finance The Treasury Xing
Claquers and I heir Tanunany Ceusina?
Secretary Boutweli'? Special Plead
ing-Old Line if Defence Aban
doned?Impeachment ef See.
retary Boutweli a? The
?yndioate Secretary
Boutweli in Distress.
WASmiwroH, Deo. 26, 1871.
Those Whose business often tak?4 them through
Fifteenth i<roet, amr the Treasury Department
drinking saloons, cannot foil to notice sundry groups
of elegant loungers dressed in the precise and gor
geously fashionable costume of gamblers, but who
evidently do not belong to thai rrsternity, Thongli
without say visible means of support they always
appear to have plenty of money, and it was for
some time a wouder how they lived. The mystery
is at length dispelled. They are
TKKASI7KY BIM6 OLIQU1M.
Their voices aro constantly heard, daring bust,
ness hoars, In the banks, real estate and
brokers' offices, in mo fashionable drinking
saioonb along Fiiteentn street, and in the
lobbies of the hotels and Congress, extolling
the patriotism and wonderful financial ability of
onr present Secretary of the Treasury. They con
coo^ and famish sundry Impecunious correspond
tats with a large portion of the^'flnancial news
Items" that are dally telegraphed from here to
many of thaehtrl and lourtti close newspapers la
all parts of the country. They engage strangers
from tno unpared districts and Congressmen, when
ever possible^ in conversation at every opportunity,
and ettdesrvoT to create the impression everywhere
thai there la hot one man oh the 'face of toe sarin
wh* can run the Treasury Department, and tuat his
name U Oeoj-ge a. bout well,
in shorty these darners aro to (lie Treasury llliig
Mrera Washington precisely what the Amerlcns
Cinb diamond badge men wore to the Tammany or
ganization in New York.
MB. Bat i'vvsr.L's murKNca.
Just now the Treasury clanuors are telling every
body that Secretary ffoutwell is tfrepar ng a defence
of his coom in the Syndicate Ms'witch will show
conclusively that he ka?. not In any ease violated
the laws of Congress, as stated god proveu ui tne
Hkbald or Tuesday, the lotn Instant,
This wdrtderful dorirlce, stripped of the olaqner's
anbterfoge, Is a mere ptoco or special pleading that
might find favor with a .Timnaagy lodge, hot will
not for one histant stau'i tua scrutiny of (he Indig
nant taxpayers, npon whom tpo Treasury King has
been preying so many years. It Is a hew departure,
howpviei, from the one %?h- itf MP. Boutweii
mtsu't
uo law bas beeu violated! taw undei the funding
set iue secretary whi authorised to pay one-bull of
one per cent commission tor we conversion ?>r
bouds, and tuat under the act authorizing the de
posit of government money in national banks the
one und one-quarter per oeul was added. THfl ho
cus pocus or tuklug national bank certificates of
deposit in exenknge ibr new boson"#Ul-be JustiSed
a9pt|Wi"w if possiplc^And tio unlawful lu.
crease ot the bondqfi debt wtU be expiaaicn away
by a slsular quiboifc i 'i
plas has been abandoned. gatil within a day or
two it naa been freely sdmlt'od i>j the cleaners. in
imd out of the Treasury Department, thhl beeretary
apluajly viuuiw 4be laws ol congress,
S5JS ^.''KJSKS
fS? df the grcaTbenetlts rcaiizeS!^' overlook it m
.:a! 086,1 *>"*?aoned, and jus
hLu.. iho, ^-"-retarj's every a.m. ih auugm 10
f SR. P 1,1 *'*ittered thranfen the nlno
^l?i|v,olumeam ii)u calipd Statas .statutes at large.
I TUB SliW DKI KNCK INKl-'i KOJ ITAL.
to2.e?r jfurTP ^"fr110* ptaviMous in laws or con
iS^^^nSfyrsrw&a'itttSs
SHES* ?S? TSW&ffiMS SftSKJ'X
exostd oiwiiaK of ene per cent
On 11,000,000 altogether. TUB pocpud provides tuat
nothing m any iatf*\uafl imPrthsfrned to authorize
ua?ionCreM? waul0Vttr 01 tag bonded debt ft iue
NSmi it hss been madepkntaa lay that both these
HTPtiUgajjgl bJ iho SocreLary or
,Flf piwaepisin that his new
luieiof defcueo is wholly lucttsctual and worthless.
M cannot save him Irom tmpSaeliinent; Considers
zifi msi m" "m-"?
komicid.y iw Brooklyn.
ed? 1 uv
A tV-rd.u bbnom Jlaw la a Barroom
Affray? r.Mrpmc of the A-eased,
Charles Johnson, a BrAb*l|rn'"'Me warden and I
yonSg TMn of unes viable reputation m the city,
during a drunken row tan* Want Donaldson's 1
plftoe, corner^ of Dujgwn avenue and Plymoatb
Street, at four o'clock yesterday morning shot Kob
est Ddftry, who, It ti said, lia?t given him uo provo
qstion whateier tor the mtiroePons act.
it nppears a number of Mrtl^s wero in the place
at the above hour gshciiug is the meri7 Christ
mas over the flowing bo'wL which the bar
tenders kept conrahtiy tfhmg np. Johnson,
the flhe warden, wVts among the party, and
}lim.?iS!-ciSfr^ *a,,1 rescued that mate of in
nally bad a t.ntgh otid tumble light. The nro
c SMw^risr.r'^ays.v's
luccessful had Johusdn Qet been prosent He
1 firbd i? iJk cunwn
and the bail entered iue back of Ko >ert Henry, a
youSg man wno resides at No. ttl John street ?il7i
who hadcaued m Douai isvu's maoein
'ixj toivoArw
the fig lit. As soyn as Jobdsoo saw what lie bad
*9 the street and was soon
ti- Sit&T ?/0' im"?n 'he affray ww sent to
tlie Second precinct siatiou nouse aui Henrv was
wrneved to the wp Hospital by the police. The
Physicians Diobart tiie wound, bta wore unabis to
1 Slid the ban, and lr ts said the wonnd will, in ail
probability, prove fatal. Larkin, en# of the parties
engaged m the JlgJit, was siren tod and bold us a
A DlI.liiKNT SKAROH
wws made by the police yosleMty to discover the
wboreabouts of Johnson, hot bo canld not be found.
About a year since, it may bo reinpmborcd, ho aiwl
several of his associates assaultetfund latst Officer
Kenney, of the Second precinct. He endeavored 10
esoapo at tho rime and tobk refngd in a saloon noar
the Fultou farry, but uic uOlcor loliowed luiu and
?fhot lmn la tho uint
THR VIvilH W CiTVABHR MMI.L.
Her Hruiulu* Idcnfidcd nag I litliued lor
Bnrial.
On Jiun-isy night Mr. William P. Cahlll, living at
S81 Fast Thirteenth street, caned M me residence or
Dr. John Beaoh, m West Forty-fifth street, ana aa
nonnced himself as the brother of the Jate Catha
rine Cahlll, who recently died in Hcllevue Hospital
under ctrcotnsUnces strongly indicating that she
was trw vtcfhn of an abortionist, Mr. Cablll told
Dr. Quaes that his sister was living in
Yontexs, We.itcue?ter county, two weeks ago,
aud that, being in the city last Saturday
week, she tailed on her slsten and told fhem she
should return to Yookers that evening, lnstca<l of
whioh, however, she proceeded to the bourdlriff
hotse No. w Pike street end was there takon sicaf
Kate was an erratic aud very strange girl, aud nel
2"?" 2Lot'l,*r n??-?|s'ert seurneiT to know any
!5. J* r approaching sickness. She had hved
1B a,ou'<|y". but her relatives do not
,sn?sr tne name of the people or thntr
place of retudenoe. By whom deceased was
directed tp tno house in pike street of courio II is
impossible to state, but the rneods bsl.eve IV was the
?o? Of hor ijetrayer, wiioovcr be may be. lhars are
suspicions that the man in Brooklyn who called at
Plko street to see a Margaret Canill knows more
about me matter tima he waa wlliins to admit not
^Standing his denial that Ir^The wo
*noB1 Was lit sa,irch. Tbtre may be tnr
'l iya relative to tne matter within a few
Q5arfte ofvta? remains of his un
fortqnate fiJter anu fu:r liiegttlmate offspring, an>1
ysstgroag morning gave then a ?ccout burial. 1
THE COURTS.
Antlfamati the Jalm I* Ihr Marine
far lm.
OBKBRAL tkkm.
January, Judges Shea, Spaulding anil Gross; Pen.
mar;. Judges Miea, Jaachimsen ami Tracy; Match.
Judge* t-liea, Curtis and Hpuuidhjg: April, Judge*
Shea, Gross and Tracr; May, Judge* Shea, Joachim*
aan and ttpauidlag: Jan a, Judge* bhea. Tracy and
Gross; September, Judge* Shea, Curua and Spauld
ing, October, Judge.* Shea, ooecntniscn and Curtw;
November, Judge* HUea, Curtta and Tracy; Decern
ber, Judges 8hea, Joactumsen and Gross.
TRI4I, TBOMS.
January, Part 1, Judge Spaulding iPart a, Judge
Gross; inert 3, Judge Juachimsen. rebruary, Part
1, Jndge Jouchlinseu; Parts, Judge shea; Part, a,
Judge Tracy. Marcb, Part 1, Judge Groea; I'ari 2,
Judge Ourtu; Part a, i Judge Shea. April, Part l,
Judge Curtis; Part z Judge Hpauldiug; Parr a, Judge
Tracy, map, Part 1, Judge shea; Part a, Judge
joacuiuueu; Part a, Judge Groea. June, Part 1,
Judge Traoy; Part 2, Judge Spaulding; Part 3,
Judge Curtis. September, Part I, judge Curtta; Part
2, Judge Shea; Part 3. Judge Tracy, October, Part
1. Judge Gross; Part 4, Judge Tracy; Part 3, Jndge
SpuuluiogL November, Part 1, Judge Joucbluisen;
Part 2, Judge Gross; Part 8. Judge Curtis. Decem
ber, Part J, Judge spauVfing; Port "Judge' Shea;
Part a, judge Joochiuisea.
CffAMOF'Rft
January, Judge Tracy; February, Judge Gross;
Jlarcn, Juagc JuuehJinsen; April, Judge snea; May,
tnlgc Spaulding; June, Judge Gross; July, Judge
Curtis; Anguat.Jndire .Hpauldmg; September, Judge
.TouchImsen; October, judge sne&; November,
Judge Tracy; Decoinber, Judge i:urti?.
The Court lias also adopted tho following rules
for tlieensulug year:?
Tho JuaUce holding Court, Part 3, will try all
cooes upon process of warrant, uttaclunctu or short
summons; such cases will be placed on a separate
trial calendar.
AH nou-cnumerated motions on notice or order
to show cause must be heard before tho Juatico lu
nnnndanoo at cnamtiers, and orders to show cause
will bo made returnable before such Justice.
Parties are at liberty, boiore a cause is put on the
"day calendar," by consent in writing tiled with the
Clerk, to select their own day lor trial: but wnun u
cause Is on the day calendar, and reached in regular
order, aud neither party moving, or no legal excuse
being showu by affidavit for postponement, tne case
will tw marled adjourned to go lo tne root m tho
calendar. Applications to postpone ou aoidavita to
be aeard and seconded by the J udge at Chambers.
The Trial Terms will owmmeuee on the first Mon
day of oaoh month and continue (.Saturdays ex
cepted) to the commencement of tne General Term.
The General Terms will commence ou the last
Monday or each month, except July and August.
Chief Justice bhea, whsu present, shall preside.
During the month* of July aud August there will
not be any regular jury ouiied; but two .indge hold
ing Court win order spetuaL panels in his discretion.
During July and August there will be lint one day
calendar, ou Tuesday and Friday, held iu Part i,
and tne Judge houflng Court will also dispose of
the ordinary motions.
Actual engagements of oounacl In a Court of
Record only will be received .is a valid reason for
retaining a cause la its pliioe on the day calendar,
uud such reservation will cease wun such engage
ment.
Actions against the Sheriff lu hi* official capacity
will be entitled to prelereucc the first time the cause
is on the day calendar, but will not bavo a prefer
ence, of course, on any adjourned or reserve.1 day.
MoUoiih for new trials ou me ground of nowly
discovered evidcuco shall be made ou at least eight
flays' notice bWoro the Judge at Chambers, upon
such papers as are required by the practice of the
.Supreme Court.
All oraom Shan specify aud describe the affidavits
and oaperu read and filed on tho hearing oi the
motion.
Appeal* from orders made at Chambers snail be
brought, to hearing at the curliest Genet
General Term,
after taking the appeal upon Certified copies br tho
Clerk of all the.paper* used on tbp motion, tho order
appealed from and the notice or appeal. And tlio
like note of issue riddl t>e filed and notice ot argu
ment served as In other appeal causes.
Jn actions transferred to this t ourt from outer
Courts pi record the parly ou filing the order shall,
at the same tune, file With the Clerk of this court
Burly ougro.wed copies or die summons and plead*
ig4 lu such act ion, or the clerk shall not enter the
cause oo the trial calendar! until such copies shall
have uecgi filed.
ltrr.BS FOR CASKS, ITC., AT flSKBRAI. TBRW.
Ordered, Thai no case or exceptions on appeal
shall hereafter be tiled bribe, clerk of this court
unless tho s uno is so ordered by tne Judge or rof
eree who tried the dausp.
No ease or exooptions will be ordered to bs filed
jjujtii 4t snain^ve engrossed or printed alter
o popors and exhibits re
quired to be inserted therein.
If no caso or bill- of exceptions Is on file or if one
1* on file without tho ordor ot the Judge or reiereo
who triad the cause, directing the sani" to be filed,
thcu the cause hall not be put on the General Term
OAlCOMV*
?lie-ueueral Term. Clerk shall sp. ctfy on the Gon
enu Tffm calendar by what Judge or referee sai l
cause ?aa tried. Appeals from motions shall have
prelcrenqe.
'Cast* exceptions presented for settlement shall
have plainly, marked upon tne proposed case or ex
ception* and atao upon tne HUm iirmher'a lutnuve*
of '.ho evidence the parts to which the proposed
ainquumcnte are applicable; together with tue num
ber ui< Mte iutteuoment..
In all cases the purris* shall, deiivor twelve copies
of i be printed papers and points to tho clerk ut the
oonunenceinenC of the anjutafiut, which printed
case shall contain a certificate or (be clerk that tho
case has been duly Mad upon the order of the Judge
or retorcs who tried the causa.
Tne ordor appointing referee and the formal judg
ment appealed from must appear in the printed
papers. _ t r _
I'oni't ulsinlar?Tbb Day.
sci bkme Court-Ciumhicrs.?Held pjr Judiro
Cardoso.?Nos. 20, M. 9% 120, m, i*ft, ir>o, isv, 1/1.
1*1, 11)5.
humiBKB Court?OracriT?Part 1.?Adjourned for
the Term. Part 2.? Adjoqred to January J, 1*72.
?Pane 1 1
Hai'kRioti Court?Pa'cw 1 aud 2.?Adjourned for
tho Turin. t
common Pj.has?Tbiai. Team?Part 1.?Adjourned
to December 20.
Mauibh Uovht?1Trikl Turk?Part 2.?Adjourned
to Thursday, Decemucr 2S, Part 3.?No call of
calendar.
YOttKVIHJS PuLICE COU&r.
of rti? Rtknti of the (Jan Explosion?
Tfc? RmiM CbrtMrnu Eve.
Justice blxb.v took hut seat on the bench of the
above Court orlgut and early ycatoruay morning,
and it was well for ulna that lie had the foresight of
so doing; Otherwise nis Christmas turkey would
have been rather "cowld" and probably "split en
arely'' before he got through with his morning's
w ork. The qaiqnd tr of arrears front the various pro
clhotstbat send their "watch returns" to this Court,
was unusually large, as wouldn't have been expected
by wiople not as long-headed as Justice Bixby,
irons the complete darkness which has enveloped
the upper portion of tho oitjr for the lost two nights.
As statod to theiln&^LD of yesterday, the least of
the evils arising front the gas explosion in Forty
second street was not that the roughs aud thieves of
the whole city would make these wards lrom
whloh the gaslight bad boea so unfortunately
withdrawn the see no of. their operations
and Christmas Eve revelry. The lojiowjmr
i arc only a few of a# woriono and many crimes that
were committed aud brought to light by the police,
who were sorely pressed on fteewtnt of their scar
city and the largo beats they are com polled to pa
trol, especially in ihe Nineteenth precuict, where
some ol them arc nearly throe miles In length. It is
a fact well known urevery intelligent clilzeu ot this
ward mat tne number of police In that ward at
present U aitog?**nof inadequate to Its proper pro
tection, and as lojtg^.m inis is the cose no lair
minded person wmfor a moment censure its cap
tain for allowing murderers to escape and bringing
to justice me-Uueves and rough? who infest his pro
MM>
nanraa. AHSAti.r ox a i-omokman.
About eight o'clock 6n Sunday evening officer
Thomas Powers, ot ilia Twenty-soeond premnut,
overlicard a number of drnnken roughs, who Held
blgh revoirv 011 tho corner of Fiftieth street and
Eleventh avenue, agrco between Uitm to demolish
some shanty in the neighborhood which alTorded a
shelter to some poor uulortunale who tad brought
up"ti himself the high displeasure of the gang. The
officer, who is a brava tetlokr and etidently
not arrald of his shadow, moved toward the
party and advised tnem to desist, one of tho
gang lu an insulting way, apd, with an epithet not
to bo repeated here, asked the officer how much of
his business it was, even ii tboy did. Powers drew
bis club, determined to uuhold tho dignity of the
uniform he wore, and facod the offender wltn tho
luiestton or arresting htm, but before hd had
barely taken a step ne received a blow of a stone
on the head, whtcn bronght mm fiat on the side
walk bleeding and almo-A insouslble, ilis ciub.
which fell from hts hand, Was then used on him*eir
tne gang, who also brutally boat and kidked mm
over 1 he body.
Roundsman Linden and officer Oavis heard thd
bl
all
them timely aid poor Powers might Rave boon now
"where ihe woodbine twinctn." Only two out of
Kr-'XS raaSIW.M MM
not already in tho Rogue caller/. They were coiu
mitied for trial 111 default ol (1,00b ball oach.
a wotiLP-aa MCttpxaea.
TWo nrothere, named Ueorge and Charles Hum
phries were round lathering blazes <>nt 01 etch other
in a hallway in Easr. Thirty eighth siimwr,
mocceded
on Christmas Eve. they succeeded in givtog
eacn other onrlstraas hexes 1 Hi the
shape of two black eyes, which, ot course, did not
add 10 tneit already sufficiently ugly mugs. Officer
Nelson, of the Twenty-fir* p reel not, wanted tlieui
to stop aud go home, wuen Charles Instantly
pulled out aolaspfcnlfet but it was no sooner out
than it was back again, wn?n lie discovered .he
oold muzzle of Nelson's revolver sgatnvt hi? fare
head. Under cover of tlia snooting iron noiu
brothers were then marched to tne station house.
Clltarlea woald net godnWu at air* to his cell when 01
dereu to do so< Konndonian itysu moved forward 10
compel Win tft obey, and In the ?waffle that fn*aed
aekicked the offieer la ike face. He wa? held m
?f.eew w> wnwwwr, wMleorge tm W
keep iue pence.
****iTTin? Wtm i'AVKMIirt
flaaiMoewtw Hurry, of I.OT7 Firet avmue, an
lrlaluuan, so lar lorgot the preluuicee of tin coun
try tuen on Uhriatiuua Kva us to4(0 on a aprec with a
German named fttarles natuon, or t,0<W Tftirn ave
nue. The result went near wring fatal. for tney gut
into a quarrel with eacli other and Hurry struck
llauHch on the bead witn a sluogsnor. Though a
aevere contualon was tbe result of Una treacherous
Mow, Haunch relitseil to appear id Court against
flurry, and he had to be discharged.
A NOTORIOUS YOITNU TOM*.
Michael O'Hrieu was discovered by OlUcer O'Hara,
ot the Nineteenth pi CM III* <>n< hristmua Kve In ton
act of attempting to break into lite bulohcr shop
No. W2 Second avonno, owned by Isaac Sheere.
Justice Hixby held him in default of |i,ooo oatl to aav
awer. This precocious youth has a criminal r?ooi4
such as any lulel Might well envy, and has oeen to
the school ship twice and twlea on the Wand.
rnmw, ami cowmil
wall strut, l
Mompat, 1>?u. 2fl, 1171. f
Uhrwtmaa was observed as a strict holiday dow?
town, all tba vanouM mercantile and flnaucial ax*
changes having adjourned over 10 Tuesday,
There win bo no qnotations from London to*
morrow (Tuisday), where tno Christmas festivities
?JftCll? 9T?r to Wednesday.
Much cnrloelty is manifested as to the future af
the Fieuch market in view of the auibomaUon
given the Bank of France to tssne so large an'
nmoiuit of paper currency.
RAILWAY MATYMtS.
The Mew Jersey Weal Line Railroad Company baft
lie track all laid from summit to Bernardsviue. hi
few days ago the engine passed over the whole dlt4
tanco. The pasaeuger trains will be raoning abouW
the first of next month.
Intelligence has been received by the fluanctol
agents of the Northern Pacific Railroad at Philadel^
phia that the track of mat road reaohod Red Riven
at four o'clock In the afternoon of the 18th of De-*
cembcr.
THR aYVinflATR AWP THfi HRW LOAW.
Bo much obaonrlty still attends the operation# oI
Mr. Boutweil and the Byndioato in tne manage
ment of the new loan that every witness who
throws light npon the matter will be read witia
avidity. The special Congressional committee now1
at work wall it should give the result* of tuoir lit*
veatlgatiou to ibe nubile assodo as possible. Mean
time the following from the latest number of the
chiimid* adds a great deal of now testimony con*
oerniug the erratic, if not oulpuble, conduct of Mr.
Boat well:??
Mr. Boutweil on Thursday called $2<>,000,000 more
or tne five twenties of IMA making $l40,0oo,ooo la
all. lie has thus performed his part or the contract
mudo nint August wltta the Syndicate, Mow Mtey
arc perlorining theirs Is but nuperreuuy known, uud
Lite report or tno Congressional committee ap
pointed to investigate the matter is looked for wult
increasing impatience. The first call for 100,000,oodl
matured on the 1st of December, iliu second call for
$20,000,000 will mature at tue boglnuiug of Muuki
una this third call will mature two weeks later, i!u?
bonds being now redeemable on demand in gold.
The rapidity with which the two last calls have <xh
cm red has tended, with othor circumstances, to un
settle still further the foreign exchanges, and haif
stirred up to more activity tne public dlsaatisfacuoor
with the ucw loan and Its management. This uu
popularity has its origin partly in tue fact that more
01 secrecy has been thrown ground the uoaottaUou
Minn has over been permitted In the placing of aiW
previous government loan. A more poteut oause
Is tuo apprehension that private interest rather
than the public good has boon consulted In the
whole arrangement'*. To say the truth, Mr. Bout
weil, with all his luexporience lu such large nego
tiations, scorns ro have had his suspicions, and the
Syndicate found somo difficulty lu making him
pliant to their purposes. Several tedious months
were ihus spent in fruitless persuasions. At last,
however, his scruples were hushed 111 his desire to
distinguish btinscil by aping something uoVel for
the fnnllng of the debt. The perseverance
of the Syndicate was rewarded by a bai
goln, containing the tollowing conditions, wlilcat
were never conceded by any great government m
high credit, and will never be ugalu proposed to the
Trossnry of the fnited btates. The first condition
was that la addition to the lawful commission pre
scribed by aot of Congress a large bonus should btj
given to tne Syndicate in the shape 01 a payment o>
double Interest on uil bonds negotiated, Hecond, tua
Syndicate clalmod. hnd Mr. BoEfftti granted them,
the privilege ol "culling" for CIO, (too,000, or any
less sum, of tne new lives within six months. The
Hecretury also agreed to sell 110 more during that
time to anybody, giving the ^syndicate Uto monopoly
c/t retailing them litre as well as Abroad. The use
01 tnis monopoly ot the sale in rnis country is seen
(ram the third proposition, which was that Mr.
Boutweil should put a "pressure'' on the national
banks to Induce them to take a part of
these Ji#0,ooo,ooy off tuo hands or liio STfldt-.
cole. This "pressure" is Welt remembered. XI
succeeded admirably, and resulted In placing
$50,000,000 or the new fives In the banks, leaving
$K0,bce,000 only to be sold abread. Fur the sale or
these $80,000,000 six mouths wns allowed from the
1st of September, the bonds bearing lutcrest all the
time to the Syndicate. There was a fonrtn stipula
tion, by which tne Treasury was bound to go oft
making purchases 0111 ve-twentte.. as fast ns its means
would allow, and aiso to "call" for redemption
$140,000,000 01 the earliest five-twenties 01 US2.
winch were mostly held abroad. Those flve-tweniica
were then below par, and a lively speculation wag
nt unco started, lu widen members of he t-yndtcater
are said to have realized large profits, going liitd
(lie market and buying boldly, as th y lutd the
option of forcing Mr. Boutweil 10 tako their
bonds at higher figures either as purchased
for the making Fund or by calls for the
$140,000,000. The profit an the bonds thus tils,
posed or to flic Treasury, and sacculated In without
risking a dollar of tuolrown caudal, is estimated at
more ihau a million or dollars, wldle their other
profits from bonus and commissions are o Minuted
at ovor two luilllous.
In return tor all these concessions the Syndicate
does uot seem to have bound uself by any absolute,
engagement to tako the new five per cent bonds and
coin|iicto the bomnesa. If the market bud failed M
lake them off their hands at a profit during the
six months Mr. Montwell held no security, we be
lieve, by which tho negotiation couul ne enforced*
He Heeins to have coutouted luniseii wliu binding
the froa-iiry without reciprocally biuaing the Myu- v
dicate. He bound the Treiwnry to par them double
luterest on all the bom Is they could pass off within;
The limit of $80,uoO.ooO, and at tHe expense of mp
public he made a free gift to the Byudtcate ot ftrivl
leues equivalent to ull the money which the frea*
snry could save by the reduction Of interest dining
two fears.
Such tacts suggest that the new loan was nego
tiator! ratoor for tue tienoflt of the Myndioate than
tor the teller of the Treasury, and that ui regard 10
the pressure ol the debt the taxpayers and tho poo
plo of this count!/ wilt be in no better a position
than if the tunuung oporation hud been omit ten by
Mr. Boatwell und undertaken two yeais hence, m
1878. But there are many other causes tor the un
popularity ot Mils new loan. Due ot the moat im
portant is the conviction Which has taken deep root
m the putklc mind that the whole negotiation was
Illegal and in direct violation of the letter and spirit
ot tlie act of Congress. Mr. Boutweil In preparing,
bis answer to tho Wavs and Means;OomMhu^ ma
wvii to oe rerr ruii end explicit on this point;
for the charge is one of the gravest which
could oe brought agalust a high officer ot
tho administration. We have always been friendly
to hlai and have no wtsU to Judge him
harshly, bat the peoplo will demand to be satisfied.
The loAu was authorized by the act of Congress ot
July 14, 1870, as amended January 90, 1871. Tims*
acta expressly rorbtd the payment of more than
one-half per cent commission to agents, and also
forbid the sale of the bonds lor lose than par in coin.
Tho following are tne essential parts of the law:?
Mat.? Itut nothing In this Act, it to snv other
law now la force, ?ball as oonaUuad to authorise aoy la
vrcaM whatever ot the bonded debt or tbt i nItad Maiee. j
HKL A?And be It further ease led, That the Seorolary oft
the Treaaury la hrrehr authorized to Mil aad dlepoae of any
ui tbn I'Oada lasund uuder Una aal, at But laaa ikao their par
Vhloe foreotft, and to apply the pr?eeed* thereof to the re
UenipUun ?r any of the bond* of Ibe Boiled Stale* oolxtxnA-,
hu, nod known a* Mre-tweoty bonds, at ibeir par value, or
hr may eiohauice ibe tame for euolf five twenty on
fu. pari but the bond* b*rohjr^ atflhorlMd (ball ha
BHHB jonda, par
fo. pari bat the bond* hereby authorlMd (hall ba uaad for
Co*her purport- wL.it?o-?er. And a *um not exceeding one
It of one par cat of the (mad* hereto aothonaad 1* hereby
appropriated to pay ibe i-ipeoee of preparing, taeulng, ad
verllH|ii|aad dwpoMng ol tbatwiua.
It Das been said that the Secretary has violated
the tlrst or tlieso sections by Increasing the oggre*
gate ot the public debt. We do not think tntw
marge can bo sustained. What be has done Is do*
to ilhplicaic the principal, nut to pay double la
tere.!. He took special pains to avoid any addition
to the nggregafo of outstanding debt It was witft
a view thereto that he sent nis Assistant Secretary,'
Judge Richardson wiui a force of twenty or thirty'
clerk*, to open a branch of the Treaaury in London.
This transfer of me t reasury to foreign soil may be
Impeached, bat it no doubt shields the Secretary,'
from tile charge of violating the fire* taction ot the
law und increasing tue principal of the debt. Row
he win newer tne other potato remains to be seen.
Tn the first place lie h ohargeq with exceeding me
appropriation and burdening tne Treasury with
Illegal expense a. OOb greet appropriated a eum let
te exceed $8>0,11)0 to pay the entire expense or
fiyimftjnjr tbe $tao?,ooA,ueo or five per cents
iu.i neaoUalAu. This was a very liberal rernumw*.
Ub?. (tut Mr. Boutweil e<tmfls nib.e than InWTe
limes mat exnenae. and xae tnne paid a higher nam
for coinmlssious than wo ever tolerated oven In ino
darkest ofiys or our civil war. Coagrese tn?eud*.l
that hair or <ht> smoim* saved the first year by re
fincilon of internet sliouid pay the cost of ccnversion
ami the icniuiio itelongod to the people. Mr. Bout
well baa taken two years' saving*, aad without law
or authority. 'A1' h" appeara has banded tue.u
over to Hie Syndicate. Tbe Hfw provided that the
bumciu of Hie taxpayers shooM uot oe increase*!
by .Mr. Bout well's fiimlutg operation. But thco
bo*.Him arc heavier by $3.iO?,eoi than tf he had
let llee iundiug experiuients entirely alone. As to
tbs to bmnnrwi I>f 'be derangement oi tho
exchange* and of our foreign cywmeroe reauitlug
from incut negotiation., they nave rather to <la
nib Mr. Boutweil'. |MiLmlurBv than hla re.poasl
oil' v thwugU tlavse n<?c 1 ess iroubma have Occurred
piucbcir a. nc w?s warned ocrDreb.ntd by dtstubor
?Hts-i adviHcra, J,