Praver MEETING.—A morning prayer meet
ing will be held in the Congregationalist vestry
next Sunday forenoon at 11 o'clock.
o——
Miss Axyie 1. WaLKkER announces in
another column that she will give lessons on
the Piano and Organ.
The uwsual Episcopal services and sermon
will be held in the old engine hall on Sunday
evening next at 3 o'clock, Rev. E H. Porter
officiating Sunday school at 1 o'clock
e
B. P Stixess, Jr, of Providence, will speak
on temperance in Good Templars Hall, next
Sunday afternoon, at 5§ o'cloek. The public
are invited.
"o
WE have been informed that there is to be
another Firemen's Muster in Massachusetts
this fall, and that the different engine com
panies bave been notified to bring their dis
charge pipes and nozzles with them.
Larce CoxtrisuTiON. —The employees of
Messrs. Greene Daniels, raised last week
the large sum of $433.25, for the Chicago suf
ferers, which sum those gentlemen increased
o $lOOO,
Tue Barnist Sapearn Scuoon in this vil
laze took up a collection last Sunday evening
for the relief of the suffering by the fires in
Minnesota, Michigan and Wisconsin, amount
ing to $38.00. i
Cuance por A Goop Tive —This evening
the Atlantic Steam Fire Engine Company will
give a grand ball at their hall on Pleasant
View, to which all are invited. Music will be
furnished by the Baker Brothers.
s
Tive CHANGED. —Several changes have
been made in the time-table of the hourly
trains between this village and Providence.
The last train out at night, now leaves at
twenty minutes before eleven.
Accipext.—A girl by the name of Mary
Smith, about 12 yvears old, living on Pleasant
View, broke her right arm between the elbow
and wrist, last Saturday by falling over a
water-pail which stood in the entry. The arm
was set by Dr. Mann.
b s
Scarpep.—A little child of Mr. George
Bruce, was guite severely sealded last Sunday
by pulling a pail of hot water from a chair
upon its head. The parents of the child came
from Lowell to avoid the small-pox, and are
stopping with friends on Cross street.
s nieiied
Rean Estate Sares.—Dudley Walker has
sold the lot on Central street, between High
and Mill, with the buildings on it to Mr.
Albert D. Thurber and Mr. Peter Brennan for
£7OOO. Thomas Pinkerton has sold one of his
houses on Cross street, with a small lot to Mr.
Stephen Collum for $2BOO.
EvENING Scnoors. —The evening schools in
this village, will commence next Monday eve
ning, at 7 o'clock, in the old engine house on
Broad street. Al residents of this School Dis
trict who do not attend the day schools, and
who are desirous of learning, are invited to be
present.
—a O O+
TeacHERS INsTITUTE. —The teachers of the
town of Lincoln will hold an Institute in the
vestry of the Congregationalist Church, in this
village, on Saturday the 2Sth inst., commenc
ing at 94 o'clock. The School Committee and
teachers of North Providence and Pawtucket
are invited to be present and participate in the
exercises. The programme will be published
in our next week's issue.
i e
Lectere—Rev. F. N. Peloubet, of Attle
boro’, will deliver a lecture in the vestry of
the Congregationalist Chuteh in this village,
next week Friday evening, at 8 o'clock. Sub
ject—""The relation of the community to the
Public Schools.” The gentleman is a very
interesting speaker, and we hope the vestry
will be well filled, as it is a subject that should
interest the whole community.
P
Justice's Covrr.—John Merrill, Oneisme
Fortier, Thomas Croker and James Tierney,
were each fined $2.00 and cost for revelling.
Edward Johnson paid §3.00 and cost for like
offence. John Merrill, James Merrill and
Thomas Joyce, pleaded not guilty to the
charge of obstructing an officer in the dis
charge of his duty, and their cases were con
tinued till Thursday, November 2d. Patrick
Cavanaugh pleaded not guilty to the charge
of assault, and his case was continued till to
morrow, 21st inst.
Ruxaway.—On Tuesday last a horse, at
tached to a wagon, belonging to the Pawtucket
Steam and Gas Pipe Company, which was left
in the vard at the gas works in this village
for a few moments, was frightened by the
sudden escape of steam from an exhaust pipe,
and quickly made his exit. On his way out
of the vard he struck the fence, leaving a
broken wagon behind, and did considerable
injury to the harness, but was finally stopped
while coming down Central street, opposite
Mr. Manchester’s eating saloon, without doing
any other damage.
b o ek
Toven Drixg.—Wednesday afternoon two
men brought a load of coal from one of the
Pawtucket yvards to the shop of Messrs. R
Plews Co., where they were to put it in the
cellar. The firm use muriatic acid in their
business, and having some left of a carboy,
had put it into a champagne bottle and left it
in the cellar. One of the coal-men, secing the
bottle supposed it contained something good
to drink, and so took a good pull at it; but
the stuff was too much for him, and he rushed
into Dr. Mann's office, which is near by, ex
claiming, “I'm poisoned, I'm poisoned!”
Fortunately however, the Dr. was able to re
lieve him in a short time. We hardly think
he'll take another drink out of a bottle till he
finds out what its contents are.
Evexise Scuoors.—The following sums
have been subseribed for the purpose of sus
taining the evening schools in this village:
C 0... 150 00
Wm. Sprague, President U, 8. Flax Mfyg.
Fales, Jenks Sons
Conant Thread C 0.........
Pawtucket Hair Cloth Co.
Stafferd Mfz. Co..
Greene Daniels.
Thurber, Horton Wood.
We are glad to see that our manufacturers
are awake to the interests of education, and
we have no doubt but that all who attend
these schools will be benefitted thereby. The
progress made by a majority of the scholars
last winter was very gratifying.
Fire.-Wednesday evening about 100'clock,
fire was discovered breaking out of the rear of
Mr. David F. Bagley’s Bakery, on Central
street. The alarm was given promptly, and a
stream of water from the Stafford Mf'g. Co's
force pumps was soon playing upon the build
ing. The firemen also were quickly on hand,
but as the building was wholly of wood and
as dry as tinder, it was badly damaged before
the fire was extinguished. Most of the stock
in the front room was removed. Mr. Bag
ley’s loss is about $7OO, covered by insurance.
Messrs. Fuller Eldridge occupied one store
in the building for their fish market, which
was damaged by water about $3O. Their in
surance had been cancelled by the Chicago
fire.
Wipe Awakik—Rainbow Division No. 1,
S of T., of this village, are bound to succeed,
its members being wide awake not only in
temperance matters, but in lively social meet
ings, in which the members, one and all, par
ticipate, thereby producing a unity of interest
and feeling, without which no organization
can long exist. Monday night three were ini
tiated into the order, and the Division was
presented with a neat black walnut box for
the Worthy Patriarch to keep his private doc
uments in, the donor, F. D. Freeman, receiv
ing a vote of thanks and the well wishes of
sll. With such live members the Rainbow
CENTRAL FALLS.
“h
“0e
cannot but show its beautiful colors, and be
come a power for good in the community.
Tuesday evening, by invitation, the Divis
jon visited Blackstone Division, Valley Falls,
where they were agreeably entertained. Sing
ing, speaking and social chat was the onder of
the evening, participated in by members of
both Divisions. Bro. Arnold Chase’s remarks
were timely and interesting. At an carly hour
the Division returned home fully repaid for
their visit, and the bond of union existing be
tween these Divisions was more strongly
united in the glorious cause of temperance
than ever. W. B F
Somk of the active members of Ballou Post,
G. A R.. in this village, started a subscription
paper for the benefit of the Chicago sufferers,
among the members of the Post, and up to
present writing have received the following
contributions:
Bt BB icivisionidisinn DD
ISR ot B
George F. Crowningshield. 500
ORI T I i.i. e sisseiniivnces 2DD
Dovlßmall. ....c... NVevicscasessesicie DD
i et sass sasibrnininranse TN
Edward A.8r0wne...............c...... 500
LoD IR coce sosocvnnsecsiones DD
ORI iciic cisssisnsiames D
WS I P ciicsicssinitess DD
Erastus E. Lapham. ..............c.c.... 200
R B D o 5 0 ooesvte dueessoPivwe T
SO5OO s srie ainss senvns DN
SO B w: o< soanisan: st aives: BOD
SN TR «o i< cocasnsnsvs cbnaie DD
Wayland B. Freeman.................... 100
Robert L. Johnstone.......ccocccovvee.. 100
DbDR o coorisccestnavasasas D
D D <o sinis i rasbatasintes RBB
TR S ngaseninpolbeitety, Ll
D I TR -oo soct aot Sgastiase’ D
£7O 00
Total
A¥Frav.—Last Sunday aflernoon between
four and five o'clock, as Officer Cavanaugh
was standing near the corner of Sprague's
Avenue, talking with some persons, a man by
the ngme of John Merrill came up and said—
There isn't a constable in this town but
what I can lick.” Cavanaugh says you had
better go home;” he replied with an oath, ‘1
shan’t go home,” and came up and shook his
fist in the officer’s face, and dared him to
arrest him. The officer took hold of him,
when Sam. Cassidy stepped up and took the
cane out of Cavanaugh's hand, and then Cava
naugh tried to arrest both of them, calling for
help, but the ones he called on refused to help
him, while Pcter Wright and Merrill's brother
pitched in, making four of them, who were
kicking and striking the officer: Merrill at
this time had Cavanaugh by the throat, who
sceing affairs looked desperate drew his revol
ver, cocked it, and told them to stand back or
'he would shoot. Cassidy grabbed the officer’s
-wrist, and while doing so the pistol discharged,
shooting Peter Wright just below the ribs.
Cassidy then run with the revolver, pursued
by Cavanaugh, until he got to the end of the
‘avenue, when he threw it down, and left for
parts unknown.
The wounded man was taken to his house
on Cowden street, and Dr. Mann called in,
who dressed the wound, which though serious
is not necessarily fatal, though one or two of
the Providence papers have said he was dead.
We learn that Cavanaugh has been arrested
for shooting Wright and his case will come
before Justice Crowningshield to-morrow. As
far as we can learn the facts, we think he was
Jjustified in pgrotecting himself against a gang
of roughs, and if he had shot more of them it
might have been a good lesson. There are
parties in some localities in our village that
will never behave until they are shown that
the law and the officers are stronger than they
are, and il it is necessary to shoot a few before
they learn the lesson, their absence will not
prove a serious loss to this community.
Ovr New Deror has put on a bandsome
French roof, which adds much to the external
appearance of the building.
Y X
A Graxp Paxorama of the wonders of the
world, will be exhibited in Battery Hall to-
Morrow evening
Reviciovs. —The religions interest in the
Pawtucket Congregational Church still con
tinues, and the meetings are largely attended
LR K
Tue Recvrar Commuxicarios of Union
Lodge A. F. and A. Masons, will be held in
Masonic Temple, next Wednesday evening.
Tue Avagw or Fire on Wednesday eve
ning called out the Pawtucket Fire Depart
ment.
Tue PRELIMINARY SURVEYS are being made
for the straightening and widening of Main
street.
SEWING Macmines.—lf you want to buy a
new machine, or have vours repaired, go to
Wm. H. White's 433 Main street.
—_—————
Cor's Pecrorarn MIXTURE is said to be a
very efficient remedy for coughs, colds, ete
21 Muin street is where it can be found.
Tue Axsvan Coxvocarion of Pawtucket
Royal Arch Chapter will be held in Masonic
Temple next Wednesday evening. Election
of officers. d
O'Doxovax Rossa, the exiled Fenian leader,
was announced to deliver a lecture in Battery
Hall last evening, but we were obliged to go
to press before the hour of the lecture.
Tue TeMPERANCE CONVENTION. —Several
of the churches and Sunday Schools of this
place send delegates to the temperance con
vention that meets in Providence next week.
—_—
HereartEr the last hourly train from
Providence leaves at twenty minutes before
cleven, giving an opportunity to attend con
certs, lectures, &e. in the city.
Tue Pawrvceker Licat Guarp had a Char
ity Ball last Wednesday evening, the proceeds
of which were for the sufferers by the recent
sad fires in the West,
"o
ON A STRIKE.——At 2 o'clock Friday morn
ing last, the clock in the Universalist Church
struck more than two hundred times, calling
out the fire department, and making a general
alarm. —_
50 w 0
3 w 0
50 00
50 w 0
2%
Jonx B. Govan delivered the opening lec
ture of the Library Association course, last
evening. Mr. Gough always has a full house,
and his andiences are always well pleased.
Has subject last evening was “Will it Pay.”
Tae New Brince.—The work on this en
terprise continues without interruption, and
satisfactory progress is being made. The
abutments at each end of the bridge are al
most full grown.
Josu BiLuixes' FARMER'S ALLMiNax for
1872 has arrived and can be obtained at
Sager's for the small sum of twenty-five cents.
Buy one of them and you will get more than
your money’s worth of laughing.

SAFE.—The fishing schooner E. A. Horton,
of Gloucester, Mass., which was seized by the
Canadian authorities, and rescued by her
crew, arrived home Wednesday evening,
though she was pursued by a British gunboat.
The citizens of Gloucester gave the crew a
reception.
Y. M. C. A—The Pawtucket and Central
Falls Young Men's Christian Association, and
a number of the Churches and Sabbath
Schools of the village, were represented by
delegates in the State Convention, held in
Bristol, on Wednesday and Thursday of the
present week.
SacER has for sale Nast's Jlustrated Alma
aac for 1872, publisbed by Harper Brothers,
New York. Besides any quantity of fun it
contains a large amount of valuable informa
tion, the true history of Little Red Riding
Hood, The Beggar Maid, A Night's Pleasure,
ete. ete., and is illustrated with numerous en
gravings in Nast's inimitable style.
PAWTUCKET.
eh
*0
e
Axorner Sare of building lots, on the
East Pleasant View Plat, will take place on
Wednesday next, 25th inst. Nearly 300 lot<
have been sold, and there are <till about 125 of
the best lots remaining. A good chance o
buy a house-lot cheap.

Parverro Excise Co. eclebrated their vic
tory at the Fitchburg Muster by a Turkey
Supper, of which they partook last Monday
evening. The supper was provided by Mr. J.
E. Dispean. Our thanks are due for an invi
tation which we were unable to aceept.
Tue Digervr Caramimies in the West were
referred to in most, if not all of the churches
in the village last Sabbath, and in some they
were the theme of the diScoumse. Generous
collections were also taken, ag will be seen
elsewhere, and where there was no contribu
tion last Sunday it will be taken next Sabbath.
"o
Tue Pramgie Bieo, a third class double
engine, built by the Messrs. Cole Brothers of
this village, was sent from Bloomington, lil,
where she belongs, to Chicago, a distance of
160 miles, and after her arrival played on the
flames 32 hours, the last 14 hours without
drawing her fire.
O
Tue Pawrvckier Horse Guarps will meet
at the Town lall, cast side, next Sunday, at 1
o'clock, for the purpose of attending Chap
lain Gracy's service, at the First Methodist
Church, High street. They will appear in
citizens' dress with fatigue caps and white
gloves.
—i e
PresexTATION —At a social gathering at
the vestry of the Pawtucket Congregational
Charch, on PFriday evening of last week, there
was a very pleasant episode in the form of a
presentation of a handsome gold watch to Mr.
Charles P. Read. Mr. Read- bas-been a mem
ber of the choir of this ¢hurch since the new
house was completed, and has sung gratuitous
ly the members of the congregation therefore,
took this method of expressing their apprecia
tion of his services. The presentation was
made by Rev. Mr. Woolley in very fitting
terms.
Miss Katr Staxtox held forth in Armory
Hall last Friday evening, o an sudience of
about two hundred people. Her theme was
the very euphonious one of *“Whom to marry.”
The doctrines advocated by the fair speaker
were of that peculiar sort which admits of the
greatest and most unrestrained Jiberty in all
matters pertaining o divorce and marriage,
doctrines that are not considered quite ortho
dox either socially, morally, or politically. A
sort of Oneida community would scem 1o be
the height of Miss Stanton’s ambition.

Lisrany AssociatioN Lecteres -The sale
of reserved seats for the Library Association
course of lectures, took place last Saturday
morning, and was more suceessful than had
been anticipated. A new interest in the mat
ter seemed to have been awakened, which,
while it is gratifying to the committee, argues
well for the course itself. A large number of
tickets were disposed of at the opening sale,
and many have been sold sinee still a consid
erable number of very desirable seats are not
vet taken, and may be secured at Wilkinson's
Bookstore. 4k
B. W. Pearce, Esq., of Newport, formerly
of this village, at the request of numerous
friends has published his temperance poem,
entitled “‘Satan’s Master-Plot and its Circum
vention,” in pamphlet form. Mr. Pearce for
merly published a temperance paper in this
village, called The Sparkling Fountain,”
and as an evidence of the good-will of certain
partics whose traffic was in danger from his
persistent efforts in behalf of temperance, he
found his type and material in the Blackstone
River, one morning.
s eoo a 3
I. O. o O F.—Good Samaritan Lodge of
Odd Fellows intended to have had a public
demonstration of the Order in this village, on
Thursday of next week. Arrangements to
this end had been commenced, and considera
ble progress made when the sad tidings of the
calamities and sufferings in the West came to
hand. Acting upon the principle that is the
chief corner stone of the Order, the public
demonstration was at once abandoned, and
the money that had been appropriated for this
purpose (§250.) was promptly given to relieve
the victims of the fire fiend. It is a most
commendable step, and one that raises the
Order in the estimation of all thinking people.
HowLy Servionre ExcaMpuMent of Knights
Templars made a fine appearance last Monday
morning as they marched through our streets,
on their way to take the cars for Boston.
They numbered 50, and were accompanied by
the Foxboro' Brass Band, 23 pieces. In the
evening when they returned, they were es
corted from the depot to their Asylum by Gil
more's Cornet Band, which bad volunteered
their services, and the Band were invited to
partake of the supper which had been pre
pared by J. E. Dispeau, whose spreads are
hard to beat. The Sir Knights expressed
themselves as highly pleased with their trip to
Boston, and the only drawback to their pleas
ure was the long and tedious trip home in the
steamboat train, which consumed nearly four
hours.
Goop Prvek.—Last Sunday wmight, Mrs.
Peck, residing on Mulberry street, Fairmount,
hearing a noise in her hen-coop, went out and
soon returned with ‘a fine specimen of the
Mephitis Americana, better Known by the
term of skunk, which she was choking. while
Mr. Skunk had fastened his teeth in her
thumb, and wouldn't let go. With the aid of
another lady who came to her assistance, the
beast was choked to death, but it was neces
sary to pry his jaws apart with an iron before
the lady’s thumb could be extricated. It is
needless to say that the clothes of both ladies,
and the house were scented with a perfume
which though equal in strength, yet differed
in quality from Lubin’s Extracts.
e o
Fousn Deap 18 A CELL.—Last Sunday af
ternoon, a man by the name of William Ward,
aged 61 years, was arrested on a charge of
revelling, and confined in the Tooleville
bridewell, in North Providence, not far from
the city line. At midnight, the officers in
charge left the bridewell, and about 1 o'clock,
James O'Brien, another boarder in the same
hotel, occupying the cell next to Ward's,
heard bim calling murder, fire, ete., and no
ticed that the building was full of smoke. He
then tried to obtain help by shouting, but no
relief coming, he covered his head up in the
bed-clothes, fearing suffocation.
About 6 o'clock Monday morning some peo
ple passing heard the cries for help and called
the officers who unlocked the bridewell, and
found that the fire, which was still smoking,
was in Ward's cell, where he was found dead,
his clothes and the bunk and straw tick being
considerably burned. Coroner Eddy held an
inquest over the body, Monday, and the jury
returned a verdict that the man came to his
death from suffocation. Ward lived on Smith’s
Hill, Providence, and is said to have been
perfectly sober when arrested. The fire was
probably caused by an attempt to light his
pipe. eG ettt
CoURT oF MAGISTRATES. —Since our last
report there has been quite a long list of of
fenders before the court. Of the liquor cases
the following is a list:
Leonard Booth was up on two complaints,
one for keeping liquor for sale, the other for‘
selling, and William Fletcher was also up on
two similar complaints. The usual sentence
was imposed, from which they appealed.
Owen Bannigan paid $2O, and cost for keeping
liquor for sale. Thomas Lynch has a similar
case on for trial next Monday.
Two dog cases have been tried, and the de
fendants muleted in §lO and cost each.
Two common drunkards bave been sent to
the State Farm for the winter.
Four cases of drunkenness were punished
with the usual fines and costs.
In one case of an aggravated assault, the
defendant was sentenced to one month impris
onment in the County jail, from which he
appealed to the Court of Common Pleas
Another offence of the same nature, but much
THE WEEEKLY VISITOR.
less aggravated, was punished by o fine of one
dollar and cost.
Thirteen cases of revebing aad guarrelling
were dispose® of by the usnal fine of £2 and
Ccost,
One case of non-snpport of family was dis
continued, and a case of opening <hop en
Sundy, failed for lack of the necessary evi
denee
Acciest.—Mr. Edgar Whitaker, an em
ployee of Messr=. Kenyon, Drowne Co., met
with severe aceident about 9 o'clock, Wed
nesday forencon. He was sawing up stock
with a circular saw and got his rizht hand
caught, taking off the two first fingers below
the knuckles and the other two helow the first
joint, leaving only the thumb. He was taken
to the oftice of Dr. Clapp, and the wounds
dressed.
LINCOLN.
Taxes. —The following is a list of persons
and corporations in the town of Lincoln taxed
for property amounting to $lO,OOO and over:
Adamsdobn A.. ..cooooviiiiii 39900
SRR T v scunes cusorsnateseds 13.200
AmoM Cornelis. 15000
American File Company sasiriesnes T
Alblon C0mpany.......... 255,000
Benedict Bashaba 73,000
Central Falls Woolen Mill 7200
Chace James ®H S 1800
Cole Jonathan Sttt 1640
Darling RuelS. 11,900
Dexter Daniel and Simon 000
Dexter Lime Rock Company. 25.000
Dexter John, deceased, heirsof 17400
Pales, Jenks Sons. 2000
Fales David G, o AP
DU loi or raitaswr roe sres T
Freeman Edward L.. 1430
Gooding William Heury 13,300
Grant Smith it 10000
Greene Danicls. solisiesmnsce SN
Harris Lime Rock Company 24,000
Jenks Andrew e doan sl ew .00
Jenks George F.oand C, Moles 17.000
Kilburn George. &esd 12,500
Littlefleld Alfred 960
Lonsdale Company 541,600
Maon Job 8. and wife. 12,500
Mann Stafford W
Mauville Manufacturing Company 100 000
Miller Joseph W decensed, hetrsof.. 22000
Miller Pardon, deceased. heirs of 10 00
Minor Luchus sl wif 13900
Moies Charles L
Mowry Elisha and Besjamin W, 11,50
Newman Bewjamin B 4 4 12,40
Oluey Granyille 8. W 1850
Pawtucket Gas Company 100 (en
Pawtacket Halr Cloth Company L 0
Porter Louisa, wife of Emery L. ey
Providence and Worcester Railroad Co, 120,000
Sayles Willissa F. s it 2L
smith Mary, widow of Varanus. 11,80
stafford Rutus J dec. estate. Foster
Stafford trustee p Tom
stafford Manufactaring Company .IS a 8
Tucker Elhanan 0 200
Tharber, Horton Waood. a 0
United States Flax Mg Co 3aae
Valley Falls Company 10w
Vose Alanson. 12.9%
Weeden James, deceased, heirs of o
Weatherhead Thompeon. W 0
Wood Henry B. 5
Wright Stephen. 10
Wood Alanson PP Anthony G 120
Wilbar David o 1w
LONSDALE.
OrprxatTion —The Rev. A Marryot was
ordained in the Baptist Church, on Tuesday
evening, 17th inst. The Church was filled,
and all were much interested in the services.
Fam axp Festivar. —The members of the
Baptist Society are to have a fair and festival,
on Wednesday and Thursday evenings of
next week. Preparations are being made to
have it one of the best ever in Lonsdale.
omESPO N 3
NORTH ATTLEBOROUGH, MASS,
October 19, 1571
Editor of Weekly Visitor
The fire district meeting called last Satur
day evening, was a complete success. At the
hour appointed, the hall was well filled with
the citizens, and the result was as follows
Chose G. D. Hatch, Moderator. Upon mo
tion of Simeon Bowen Esq., after remarks had
been made by Lim and others, it was unani
mously voted to establish the Fire District.
Chose T. A. Barden Clerk of said District
Voted unanimously to establish a Fire Depart
ment. Chose T. A. Barden, Josish D. Rich
ards, Stephen Richards, E T. Richards, W.D.
Whiting, Henry F. Barrows, Charles B. Car
penter, John Stanley, Joseph G. Barden, Fe
lix J. Whitney, Charles E. Smith and William
O. Draper, a committee to report a suitable
Board of Engineers for the district: to ascer
tain what suitable grounds can be obtained
upon which to erect an engine house, and what
Reservoirs of water it may be necessary to
construct, and the estimated cost of the same.
Chose a committee of five gentlemen consist
ing of H. F. Barrows, F. G. Whitney, Stephen
Richardson, J. G. Barden and Wm. D. Whit
ing, to consider and report w hat engines and
other apparatus may be required by the district
und the estimated cost of the same. Voted to
adjourn two weeks at the same time and place,
to hear the reports of the committees, and
transact further business.
The meeting throughout was harmonious,
and there is no doubt but what we shall soon
have a zood Fire Department.
ALex.
IRE] JNTEM
There were seven distinet fires, Saturday
night, in Syacuse, N. Y, six the work of in
cendiaries: fortunately no great damage was
done.
The barn of the county poor house, Lancas
ter, Pa., was burned Saturday. Loss §15,000.
The corn factory of the Portland Packing
Company, of Gorham, Me., was burned Sun
day morning. The company’s loss is from
$7OOO to $8000; insured. Loss on building,
$2500; not insured. Incendiary.
Miller's grain elevator, with the warchouse
and storehouses adjoining, at Toronto, Ca.,
were burned last Saturday afternoon. Loss
$50,000; insured for §15.000.
Fire was discovered Monday afternoon in
the picker-room of the cotton mill of A. Morse
Son in Holden, Mass. The picker-room
was entirely burned out, and the card-room
was also considerably damaged by both fire
and water. Loss not heavy fully insured.
King Bros." paint lead factory and Smith
King's planing mill, Baltimore, have been
burned. Loss $15,000 small insurance.
E.L. FREEMAN,
STEAM JOB AND LITHOGR APHIC
PRINTER,
UNION BLOCK,
Central Falls, R. I.
DR. LIGHTHILL
NATURE AND SYMPTOMS
s ot etgpoofas T R HE
R. EDITOR :—Among civilized communities there is no disease more prevalent,
more universally offensive, more productive of discomfort or more liable to give rise
to variety of distressing and dangerous complications than Catarrh. In its pro
gressive stages of development, the senses of smell and taste are frequently lost, hearing and
sight often suffer severe injury. Throat affections, Asthma and Bronchial complaints are suc
cegsively produced, and Consumption is almost its inevitable resalt.
The disease usually manifests itself in the mucous membrane lining the cavities of the nose,
but spreading beyond its primary seat, it soon penetrates into every cell, crevice and cavity of
the head with which the nasal passages communicate, until at length it becomes diffused over
the entire extent of the muco-pulmonary tract,
The earliest, most prominent and characteristic feature of catarrh is a discharge from the
head consisting sometimes of a clear, acrid fluid, but oftener of a thick, fetid, purulent, yvellow
or greenish yellow matter, which is usually secreted in excessive abundance, and discharged
through the nostrils or throat, and frequently by both channels.
The nature of this discharge varies in different cases, and even in the same individual, at
different times. In some it is copious and of a loose or fluid character, whilst in others it is
very viscid or gummy, adhering to the diseased membrane with a glue like tenacity, and remov
able only with great difficulty—a condition more particulaily noticed on rising in the morning,
because, during sleep, the purulent secretion hardens and accumulates with greater facility.
Not unfrequently the discharge collects mainly in the back part of the head, sbove and behind
the soft palate, creating a feeling of embarrassed respiration and a general uneasiness in the
parts involved. When thus affected, an almost irresistable desire is constantly experienced to
relieve the discomfort by drawing the mucus down into the throut, so as to ¢ject it by the
mouth. This practice, popularly known as “hawking,” is characteristic of the complaint, and
proves as embarrassing to the one affected as it is disagreeable 1o those around him.
Again, the offensive matter concretes into dry hard masses or crusts, which obstruct breath-
ing and are very difficult to detach, their dislodgment often requiring the most violent efforts.
Sometimes these incrustations come away in small hard lumps or fragments of a deep green
tint, but oce sionally broad and flat casts of notable size are expelied on which traces of blood
may at times be observed. This condition is very liable to run on to serious ulceration, involv
ing an loss of the bony structure of the nose and a subsequent flattening of that organ.
The efforts 1o relieve the head in the morning, by hawking or blowing the nose, are fre
quently most distressing. Often they bave obe so violent and persistent that the lungs and
chest become strained and sore, nausea, retching, and even vomiting ensues, and severe head
ache or dizziness not unusually follows and augments the general distress. In some cases even
the most powerful efforts may fail to clear the head, until some food or stimulant is swallowed,
after which the viscid secretion becomes somewhat softened and is disldged more readily.
In cases where the discharge is copious and of a loose or fluid character, it frequently dis
turbs the sufferer’s rest by the necessity of freqaent expectoration, becruse the purulent fluid
is naturally more apt to run into the throat when, as during sleep, the head is thrown back.
Should expectoration be neglected, as may occasionally happen during heavy sleep, the inva
lid is started from his rest by asensation of choking caused by the filling up of the throat with
the sceumulsted secretion from the head. In order to avoid as much as possible, this unpleas
ant consequence, many persons suffering from Catarrh, are obliged to sleep with the head very
much elevated, as the only position in which their rest is comparatively undisturbed.
The nasal membrane is usually very much thickened and congested, causing the nose 1o be
stopped up sometimes on one side, sometimes on the other, and often on both, giving rise o a
disagreeable, stufly sensation in the head, and occasionally to violent paroxysms of sneezing.
The thickened condition of the mucous membrane, and the collection of the purulent mat
ter in the nasal canals, interferes with respiration through the nose and obliges persons so
affected, 1o breathe through the open mouth, a practice very deleterious at all times, but more
particularly so during sleep, which under such circumstances is always restless and accom
panied by-a heavy snoring sound.
A fecling of fulness, heat, irritation, soreness or pain is generally experienced in the nostrils
near the root of the nose, as well as in the upper part of the throat, especially in that portion
situated above and behind the soft palate, and headache is rarely altogether absent. A dis.
tressing sensation of heavy weight or compression is usually complained of over the forehead,
and especially in the region immediately above and between the eyes. Sometimes the pain is
obstinately fixed in some particular part, as in the temples, on top of the head, at the back of
the neck or behind the orbits, and occasionally pain manifests itselt in the face of s severe a
character, that it is frequently mistaken for neuralgia.
Sooner or later the disorder spreads downwand, giving rise to a distressing sensation of dry
ness in the throat, sccompanied by a feeling of fulness or a choky sensation and a frequent
disposition to swallow. At times there is considerable of uneasiness or even soreness about
the larynx, so that in some instances the patient is obliged to press the throat so as to speak or
swallow with comfort. There is generally more or less cough; sometimes it amounts only to
a clearing, raking cffort, productive either of no expectorstion at all, or merely of a pellet of
blueish looking mucas, but oceasionally the cough is severe and the expectoration extremely
tenacious, requiring persistent efforts to dislodge it
The voice is generally affected and becomes hoarse, muffled, weak, or uneven, assuming a
nasal character or an unpleasant sniffing quality.
The breath is usually tainted and assumes at times an exceedingly fetid and sickening odor.
In some cases it becomes so revoltingly offensive as to render the sufferer an object of disgust
to himself as well as to others.
The sense of smell is usually blunted, perverted, or entirely lost in Catarrh, and a similar
effect on taste may be oceasionally observed. The eyes are apt *o become irritable and dis
posed to water excessively on exposure 1o the cold or wind, and a sense of weariness of sight
is usually experienced after slight exertions. Hearing becomes frequently more or less im
paired. At first it may suffer only by spells, being generally restored spontanecusly during
the act of gaping, sneezing or coughing, with something like a snapping sound, but by degrees
the spells of deafness occur more often and last longer, until at length the difficulty is
continuous and remains permanent. Noises in the head of every conceivable description very
often accompany the impaired condition of hearing, and add materially to the existing distress.
The stomach generally suffers more or less, and becomes weak and irritable; the appetite is
capricious, and is nearly always bad in the moming.
At the commencement of Catarrh the general health is usually not materially disturbed, but
by degrees it becomes almost invariably more or less affected, only in a few exceptional cases
is a fair state of health preserved.
The patients generally complain of lassitude and fatigue, an incapacity for either physical or
mental exertions, a feeling of weight and discomfort in the region of the stomach and con
stant disposition to drowsiness and sleep. The mental faculties are also sometimes slightly
affected, loss of memory being more or less present.
Catarrh may prove fatal, either by debilitating the system and wearing out the paticat, or by
travelling downward, and producing consumption.
The latter tendency has been so repeatedly noticed that Catarrh is now generally regarded
as one of the most frequent and important Cavases of that fatal complaint, but an extensive
experience has taught us to ook upon Catarrh not merely as a cause, but in fact as a premo
nition and one of the earliest manifestations of Consumption.
TREATMENT OF CATARRH.
OUR METHOD OF TREATMENT for the cure of Catarrh is philosophic, commending
itself at once 1o the common sense of every sufferer. It embraces the thorough topical medi
cation of every portion of the affected regions by a novel and ingenious process, by which
every part of the diseased membrane is effectively reached and subjected to the most perfect
and compléte remedial control.
So effective is this plan of treatment that its striking advautages exhibit themselves from the
very commencement of treatment. A single application is generally productive of prompt
and immediate relief. The aflected cavities are thoroughly cleansed from the incrusted mor
bific matter, the offensive smell is removed, and relief from other troublesome symptoms is
almost immediately experienced. The discharge soon diminishes, irritation is allayed, the
inflammation subsides, ulcerations are made to heal, and finally a radical and permanent cure
is effected.
The applications do not cause the least pain, inconvenience or unpleasant sensation, and
after the necessary instruction, the treatment can be followed at home with perfect snccess and
without any interruption to diet or business.
DR. LIGHTHILL
PAWTUCKET HOTEL,
ON THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY,
NOVEMBER 2d, 3d and 4th,
Deafness, Catarrh, Blindness, and all other Chronic Complaints.
sept 15
Pr. Lighthill's Lecture oq Eatarrh.
CAN BE CONSULTED AT THE
Consultation KFree.
ON THE
Yours truly,
A. P. LIGHTHILL, M. D.
DR. E. R. CLARKE'S
Sherry Wine Bitters.
THE BEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD.
Composed of Dock Root, Rarsapariila, Rock Rose,
Wit Dandelion, Wild Cherry, Th0r0ugh
:""wi........: i, A, Fopler Bers e
or
dice, Tieadache, Bons Sionr Pl
long standing, Humeors, and ali Jiseasrs which
uri-c/m an unhealthy state of the Stomach
Bowels, and Blood, for which valusble Boots and
Herbe, and the knowledge of their great serviee o
suffering humanity, man cannot feel 100 thankful
to Him who wisely provided us with ail things,
TO ALL PERSONS,
BOTH SICK AND WELL.
If Long Life of Health and Happiness
is desired, Jet these Bitters be hln.:unhny
in the Spring and Warm Seasons of year, and
T MECRAN B o
IC, who, from his constaut in
door labors, not having sufficient access to the
s u.-u—"-‘: ......22'5"
weakened at nervous, cklv,
Vs food not relishing nor properly digesting. H
-‘huulzl L.:kc &«‘M?.:;'me too, in o:
der to get his system up, right and strong, and in
prime condition to r through the warm weather
b good shape, with his constant daily labors. The
:hnm and rlna-h:Juvn of the Dock
Root, I lion, Poplar, Prickly Ash Bark,
s what will bring hﬂ--p.nd -hht-phﬁ:‘
cally -pe.hla. once more a' man!
tho yury Sl o 5 chams the sol i diaine
the v to e t
the -;"‘a. and mild and Pw
The PALE A!‘ ONCE EAUTIFUL
LADY has but to take this com freely, and
he -nuhewlywbmhﬂ
and b.cy-? The HONEST FARM
the CLERGYMAN ud LAWYER, and
MEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS —this
s your Medicine! After once using it, you will
never be without it. It will ve you l'rnt{-
five per cent. The -‘.‘m J“ It the
Lent D;ndl‘:“ in bv-:‘b&-..‘h-t«
bim, w &t sea, rugged, capabile
of grest c-.—m and when on
shore, nmhmh and re
pairs his systea.
The Largest Bottle, the Lowest Price,
and the most Effectual Remedy
in the World.
Iniplana awarded by the Massachusetts Chari
table Mechanic Associstion.
PREPARED BY
L. M. ROBBINS,
Chemist and Druggilst,
ROCKLAND, ME.
f"l'l'm‘h of Pr. E. R. Clarke’s
table lbcrrry Wine Bitters. Formerly
wanufactured in Sharon, Mass.
CAUTION EXTRA.—Owing t 0 the great
populanty and sale of these Bitters, worthiess imi
lations may come up in the ﬁ but as you
valus your life and health be sure w
I’Al"""m““.hh- “Mb of
yr. Clarke ﬂ“
the M‘“‘ﬂ‘. Nou other is geuuine.
SOLD BY DEALERS IN MEDICINES.
may 19
SUMNER FIFIELDS
"MT°IIBS 1. AC)S
r
HOUSE FURNISHING
GOODNS,
I 1 AND 13 MILI STREET
PAWTUICKET, R. I
For Diseases of the Throat and Lungs,
such as Coughs, Colds, Whooping Cough,
Bronchitis, Asthma and Consumption.
THE few composi
tions, which have won the
confidence of mankind and
become houschold words
among mnot only one but
many nations, must have
extraordinary virtues. Per
haps no one ever secured so
wide a reputation or main
tained it so long as AvEr's
CHERRY PEcToRaL. It has
been known to the pablic
shout forty years, by a long
coutinued series of marvel
lous cures, which bave won for it a confidence in its
virtues, never equalled by any other medicine. It still
makes the most effectual cures m Colds, Con
mthn can be made by skill. lodeed
the v Prororal has really robbed these d
ous diseases of their terrors, to a great extent. and
a feeling of immunity from their fatal effects, which is
well founded. if the uﬂeg‘y be taken in season. Ev
family should bave it in their closet lotthcrn‘y::z
"-T relief of its members. Sickness, suffering. and
even life is saved by this u-d&roucuo-. The pru
d-übo-udnotnq{otﬂl.nl wise will not. alp
it by you for the protection it affords in sudden attacks,
and by its timely use.
PREPARED BY
DR. J. C. AYER (0., Lowell, Mass.,
PRACTICAL AND ANALYTICAL CHEMISTS,
AND SOLD BY A.‘P. CAR-P‘I!‘I'IR. Druggist and
Apothecary, corver of High Cross streets, Ceatral
Falls, R I 2 edw 98-1 y aug 11
1y 8
0
HAS RECEIVED Tue
10 pieces Lyons Black Silks of best makes: 2 pieces of
our celebrated two dollar Silk Black Cashmeres from
75 ets. to $3.00 per yard: Black Brilliantines and Al
pacas English Satines: Diagonal Serzes in French and
English Goods; Wool Repps: Empress Cloths: Merinos:
Mohairs: Grey Poplins: Wool Plaids: Lyons Poplins:
Japanese Poplins: 25 pieces French and English Prints
Lyons Velvets and English Velveteens of superior makes
Himalaya, Moscow and Castor Beavers: Paisley Shawls
in Lonz and Square in filled and open Centres: India
stripe Shawls in new designs: Blankets: Table Linens:
Napkins: Counterpanes: Flannels: Sheetings: 100 Felt
Skirts of best quality in new and desirable styles.
EDWARD MASON,
44 46 Arcade, 2d Floor, Providence, R. I.
wid s
LOMBER GOAL LIME CEMENT and BRICK.
ORDER OFFICE IN FLOUR MILL MAIN STREET
WATCHENS
American Watch Co,,
EVERY SIZE IN ORDINARY DEMAND. EVERY
SHAPE AND EVERY VARIETY OF FiINIsH
AND DECORATION MAY NOW BE HAD
Tlll recent reductions leave no room
for doubt that the Waltham system of watch-making
is the
MOST ECONOMICAL,
st well as the most reliable, and that the
hois 1y
WALTHAM WATCH
is the cheapest, as well as the best
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL BY
HENRY T. BROWN,
60 Westminster Street,
PROVIDENCE. R.I.
GEO. W. GOODING,
26 CENTRAL STREET,
aug 11 CENXTRAL FALLS R 1 Iyin
DRESS GOODS and SHAWLS
JENKS ALLENS,
I 8 MAIN STREET, PAWTUCKET.
WE TAKE PLEASURE IN CALLING
ATTENTION TO OUR STOCK OF DRESs
GOODS FOR FALL axp WINTER WEAR
WE HAVE A FULL LINE OF PLAIN
COLORED DRESS GOODS, IN ALL THE
NEW AND BEAUTIFUL SHADES: ALSO
PLAID POPLINS, FROM THE CHEAP
EST TO THE BEST QUALITIES, AND
AN ASSORTMENT OF PLAIN BLACK
DRESS GOODsS, IN WHICH MAY BE
FOUND EVERY DESIRABLE FABRIK
WANTED IN BLACK GOODS
LONG AND SQUARE PAISLEY
SHAWLS, IMITATION CAMELS HAIR
STRIPED LONG SHAWLS, OTTOMAN
REP STRIPES, FANCY STRIPES, AND
WOOL SQUARE SHAWLS.
A NEW INVOICE HAMBURG EDG
INGS axp INSERTINGS, REAL VALEN
CIENNES AND ENGLISH THREAD
LACES, POINT VALENCIENNES AND
IMITATION LACE COLLARS AND
SLEEVES,
OUR FALL ASSORTMENT OF PERI
NOTS KID GLOVES.
COLORED SILK BRAIDS FOR EM
BROIDERY. AND OUR USUAL ASSORT
MENT OF CHOICE SMALL WARES
LADIES, GENTS. MISSES AND BOYS
UNDERWEAR
OUR STOCK OF HOUSEKEEPING
GOODS EXCEEDS OUR FORMER EF
FORTS, AND WE INVITE ESPECIAL
ATTENTION TO THE GOUDS IN THAT
DEPARTMENT.
NAVY BLUE BROADCLOTH FOR
SACQUES.
JENKS ALLLLEN.
ot tf
ANNABLE ALLEN
Will open, on Saturday, October 14th,
a fine line of Ladies Suits, very stylish,
but quite moderate in price. Also, 2
&ood assortment of Imitation Camels
air Shawls, Cashmere Shawls Lon
and Square; six pieces Lyons Blact
Silk Velvet; Colored and Black Trim
ming Velvets Velveteens; Black Silks
in Bellon's, Lapisier, Jaulest, and Bon
net’s; all the new shades of Silks for
Bridal and Evening Dresses Ladies
Underwear from 65 cents to $2.25;'
Gents, from $l.OO to $3.50; Boys,
50 cents to $1.25; also a full line of
Hosiery and Small Wear at new low
prices, at
85 WESTMINSTER STREET,
HALLS
Z VEGETABLE SICILIAN
¥l HAIR
h RENEWER.
Is the only infallible Hair Preparation.
RESTORING GRAY HAIR TO ITS ORIGINAL
COLOR AND PROMOTING ITS GROWTH.
Itisthe cheapest preparation ever offered
to the public. as one bottle will last
longer and accomplish more than three
bottles of any other preparation.
Our Renewer is not a Dye; it will not stain the «kin
as others.
It will keep the bair from falling out
It cleanses the scalp aod makes the hair soft lug'rrus
and silken. i g
‘Our Treatise on the Hair sent free g mail
R. P. Hall CO., Nashua, N. H., Proprietors.
For sale by ALBERT P. CARPENTER, Druggist
nd":rnlbmry. corner of High and Cross strocts,
Cen Fall« R L 5 cow -1y octs
LAPORTE KID
GLOV KS!
S. R. PIERCE'S 16 Main Street,
sept 8 YCEET R 1 wor
EDWARD MASON
JOSEPH SMITH COMPANY.
OFFICE, YARD AND STEAM PLANING MILL
73 WATICIR s='l'.
MANUFACTURED BY THE
WALTHAM, MASS.
PROVIDENCE, R 1
Jew JQdvertisements
GOODS, WHICH HEOFFERS AT THE LOWEST MARKET 'R x
DIEALIERS IN
PAWTUCKET, R. 1.
M ACG I©C
NEW GOOK STOVE'
With Elevated Hot Cleset
I» making an cntire revolation in Cooking Ajparstos
ALL WHO HAVE SEEN IT sAY ITs
Wonderful Cook Stove!
5000 HAVE BEEN SOLD
IN SIX MONTHS.
We Guarantee a Saving of 33 per
EVERY STOVE WARRANTED TO GIVE woub
SATISFACTION
Read what those say whe are asing them
MTESTIMONIALS,
Mosgasston. Augus 80 %00
Messrs E P Canrexten (o
hm.——iwhdu‘.*b‘-:hd
snswer 1o your guery, How do you Wagr-
Range .v-hc?"ln-mpw tes
%’:-bu-.--ser-n- d%\
both .ta&t-.nh-i&.no-h. e
economy of My wife save and after al! the women
are the suthority that it surpasses in all desimiie
mf’h'n.u:‘!“"""‘?"‘"""'-"
ﬁAl‘tmﬁﬂ.\
Avecst Tth. =0
Mesers E P Camresres &(0
yun'" vt "':'-J“'
twent b Ve Bl seen .one L
ﬁ-{wMﬂrl&m- h.ﬂa--ﬂ‘tb
fuel of any Stove that ever had.
JOSEPH HOWARTH
Avevsy Sih. WOl
Dear Sir.- hm—»nm to the mark
ing of the Mages Ravge which 1 boaght o
--.hhrdiu-lh-ym-d-g-&om
{l.ﬂin. has very superior qualithes, s being
economical. bakes evenls Keeps fire well amad 0 right
M.Q—thg?'&hr‘**—‘-v
ery respectfully
g AL BEKT CLAFLEN
Atsr sy 3 =0
ﬂ;lmh:%kwlsrd,t- ..-a.'.:
.1 am n v o 1 vom a 0
rhﬂ(':‘hcim 'l".m"-".-_lnﬂ
bolbhilbm-l'-hum::ﬁ
B T eper yomurs,
JA‘D‘ MoALPINE
Juny 8. W)
Mr amresTes lymdmwmr.—
Nzglw-—.. baker it hap o ogen’
and economy of DO Supwrior
PN Yl
NEW PARLOR STOVE
ayEE By R.
The most clegant doesign andd
Stove cver prodaces
One fire
CIlIII)1I. SO\~
[lluminating Oval Parfor Slove,
PEERLESS and AMERICAN
PARLOR STOVE.
A NEW LOW PRICE LARGE OVEN
COOK STOVE FOR Si 6 00
kP GARPENTER GO,
16, I 8 and 20 Mill Street.
FISK (0.,
REGISTERED PHARMACISTS.
PERFUMERY,
PATENT MEDICINES,
WHITMAN'S CANDIES,
Dr. Warren's Quaker Bitlers
41 MAIN STREET,
TLEESS 1310« 1.
CcU
Saitable for Blackemithing, for saic 1
S. GRANT CO.,
fuls 8 PAWTICEET. R aw
cent. in Fuel.
MACG LI U-
an be kept the
WITH AND WITHOLT OVEN
TLLY MINATING, BASE BL ENING
TAWTUCKET. 1
1 sid [hme o
Dealers 10 Fore
TOILET SOAPS.
COSMETICS, &C..
WAX FLOWER MATERIALS
WHOLESALE AAND 1A
PAWTLCEET R 1
JUST RECEIVED A CARGO OF
COAL,