fi <1

The Spy nhould have the eye of Argus: he it
honorable if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCESTER
TUFBDAY, OCTOBEK »4, I*7l.
Exploring Ihr Open Polar Men.
A dispatch from Europe has announced that
the German arctic expedition has reached the
open polar sea and made a successful voyage to
the north pole. A full account of the discovery
is published in Germany, it is said; but no par
ticulars are given in the dispatch, save that the
polar sea is “free of ice and swarms with
whales.” We wish the European reporter
could have taken a view of his business, which
wou'd have moved him to make the dispatch
longer and more satisfactory. He is accustomed
to give the court gossip of Europe and mention
the case of every royal personage who takes cold
or has the toothache. If he would regularly
omit this part of his news and give us instead
something more important, there would be more
hope of his becoming entirely fit for the work
with which he is entrusted.
The expedition ot Dr. Kane gave the world
knowledge of the fact that there is an open polar
sea which is haunted by waterfowl. Dr. Kane
could not sail to it because hundreds ot miles of
ice were in the way; but some of his men made
a long and perilous journey across the ice to the
shores of that sea, and shot some of its wild
fowl which weie found in great abundance. We
are now told that the Germans who took a more
favorable route, have sailed into it. There are
many who will wait with eager desire to see the
narrative of their voyage. A New York paper
thinks there is room for doubt of the correctness
ot this report, and that Captain Hall and the
Polaris will make the first voyage to the pole.
We may lie sure, beforehand, however, that Cap
tain Hall will not sail into the polar sea, fur pre
vious voyagers have settled no question more
absolutely, than the utter impossibility of sail
ing to it by the route he has taken. He himself
did not expect to reach it with the Polaris, for
he made careful provision for a sledge journey
across rhe ice.
The German i eport is by no means improb
able. At any rate, they have tried a much more
hopeful route than that of Captain Hail. Reason
and science have suggested that whoever sails to
the north pole must go as the whales go, follow
ing the gulf stream between the North Cape and
Spitsbergen, or the corresponding ocean stream
of the Pacific through Behring s Strait. The
Germans seem to have taken the former route.
That whales pass from one ocean to the other, by
way of the pole, is an ascertained fact: but no
whale can come from the open polar sea to the
Atlantic, through Hudson’s Bay, for it would die
in the attempt, beneath the ice, where, for
hundreds of miles, access to the air would be im
possible. Should Captain Hall do as much as
was done by the Kane expedition, he would have
reason to congratulate himself. If the German
expedition lias done more, it is because they
have pursued a better course, and not because
they have made a more earnest endeavor to suc
ceed than was made by Dr. Kane.
Ilnr.ing nt Yale.
The practice of hazing at Yale has received a
check. Bom which it is not likely to recover for
a year or two at least. The landlady of a board
ing house a few days ago for nd some sopho
mores tormenting a freshman, one of her board
ers. and at once sent for the police, who arrest
ed the offenders. The case ot the young men
received from the police court just such consid
eration as would have been given to any other
charge of similar conduct, in no way mitigated
bv the fact that the defendants were students,
and not clerks, mechanics or laborers. Per
haps the influence of the time-honored practice
of hazing on the education of the actors or
sufferers in it was not adequately brought to bis
honor’s notice. The New York World thinks
hazing essential to keep the freshmen from be
coming “not only the most supercilious and
offensive, but the most lawless and unman
ageable subjects of the scholastic dominion,” and
that the sophomores deserve praise and thanks
for their energetic system of training in to
college life these dangerous freshmen, whom the
faculty cannot control and the older classes are
too busy an 1 too dignified to take in hand. This
seems to be said in all seriousness, and it curi
ously illustrates the capacity of that journal to
find and advocate the wrong side of every sub
jcct, even of those which to ordinary observers
seem to have but one. It did not occur to the
New Haven magistrate, however, to regard these
young men as public benefactors or as occupied
in enforcing the legitimate discipline of the uni
versity; but he imposed the usual fines and
costs for disturbance of rhe peace or assault and
battery or whatever the formal charge may have
been.
This, though not pleasant, was comparative
ly an unimportant matter; the probable action
of the faculty was viewed with more apprehen
sion. It was assumed that the young gentle
men concerned in the raid would be dismissed
irom college, .vet, as the college paper puts it,
“the athletic interests of Yale imperatively dc
inanded their stay,” which means, wc suppose,
that some of these irregular disciplinarians
were mighty at the hat or the oar. So the col
lege buys came together, and after some ex
hibitions of class jealousy, it was agreed that
the sophomore and freshman classes should
join in petitions to the faculty, asking that
no action should be taken against the offenders,
and pledged themselves to refrain from hazing
in the future. The language of the pledge was:
“We solemnly promise that during our course,
wc will abstain from street rushes, bat-stealing'
maltreatment of the person or property of the
members of the college and from hazing in am
fotm. and that we will use our influence to dis
courage the same.”
Although the final action of the faculty has
not yet been announced, it is supposed they will
undoubtedly overlook the present offence in
view of the suppression of hazing in the future
Ihe class which enters next year will have no
personal experience of this practice, and prob
ably will not revive it in their sophomore year,
after it has lain in abeyance so long. It is
an auspicious circumstance that the beginning
of President Porter’s official service is signalized
bv the abolition of what the Yale Courant very
properly calls a “barbarous and execrable cus
tom.”
The secessionists of Baltimore held a solemn
jubilee, last week, the occasion being a discourse
by Wade Hampton on the life and character of
Gen. Lee. Friends of the “lost cause” assembled
in great force, and the orator told them that
Lee was the greatest of generals,— greater than
Napoleon, Wellington, and all others of modem
times. Jeff. Davis was there, and was greeted
with a mighty storm of applause when he
entered the hall. Wade Hampton announced
that the Union generals were utterly incapable,
all save McClellan. The name of McClellan
drew out another roar of applause, this man
being evidently a favorite with the crowd asscin.
bled to hear Hampton and bless Davis.
Some doubt is expressed whether the emperor
of Brazil has, as reported, appointed the mem
ber of the tribunal of arbitration under the
ashington treaty, whose selection was en
trusted to him. If he has the court is now com
plete, as follows: Sir Alexander Cockburn,
chief justice of the queen's bench, appointed by
Great Britain; Charles Francis Adams, bv the
United Slates; Jacques Staempfli of Berne, by
Switzerland; Frederick Sclopis, count of Solera
na, by Italy; and Baron Itajuba, by Brazil.
The last dispatches received in Washington
from our minister to Brazil, and they were as
late as any news received from that country,
made no mention of this appointment, although
be would probably have been immediately in
formed of it, and would certainly have notified
his government. The time during which the
emperor might appoint has now expired, and, if
be has failed to do so, the king of Sweden, ac
cording to the terms of the treaty, will be in
vited to fill tfi f vacancy. The treaty require,
that the arbitrators than meet at Geneva u>
as possible after their numlter is
complete, and not later than December Kith of
this year. When the tribunal is formed, each
gorenttueot will deliver to the arbitrators a
statement of its position in regard to the con
troversy ariMng from the depredations upon our
commerce by the Alabama and other rebel
cruisers built, equipped or refitted in the har-
bors of Great Britain, within four months from
that time each government will submit its
counter statement in answer to the statement
submitted by the other. In two months after,
that is by the 16th of June, each government
will present a final argument reviewing the
whole case. All of these arguments and state
ments will be written or printed. The arbitra
tors may afterwards, if they choose, request
oral or written arguments on any points that
seem to need further clearing up, and the de
cision is to lie rendered, if possible, within three
months of the close of the arguments.
It was announced long ago that a national
convention of the labor reform party would be
held in Columbus, Ohio, on the eighteenth of
this month, to nominate candidates for the next
presidential election. Ihe time came and passed
without attracting the attention of the world at
large, hut the Columbus people were on the look
out. A national convention doesn’t meet there
every day, nor every year, and they wanted Io
enjoy and profit by it to the utmost. They ex
pected that the town would be crowded with
strangers, and the halls of the public houses
filled with an excited and eager throng, discuss
ing the merits of rival candidates, estimating
their strength and canvassing for votes. But
such expectations proved vain; there were no
more people in town than usual; no hall had
been engaged for the convention, and nobody
could tell when it was to be held, or whether it
had not been postponed or abandoned. If the
people had not with the name received some por
tion of the enterprise and inquisitiveness of the
great discoverer, the convention wonld probably
have escaped their vigilance altogether. It was
ascertained at last that the convention, consist
ing of fifteen duly accredited delegates, had as
sembled in a private house and decided that, if
the republicans should nominate Grant next
year, the labor reform party could not do better
than to support him. This done the convention
adjourned without day.
Mr. Charles Babbage, who died in London on
Saturday, was eminent as a mathematician, an
inventor, and the author of a great many works
on scientific ami practical subjects. But he was
most widely known as the inventor and con
structor of a calculating machine, or, as he pre
ferred to call it a “difference engine.” His
attention was early called Io this subject by
observing the errors and imperfections of exist
ing tables of logarithms, the indispensable aids
in astronomical and other abstruse and laborious
calculations. It occurred to him that a machine
could be contrived which would evolve these
tables, by a mechanical process, free from liability
to error. He invented such a machine and super
intended its construction, which did its work
admirably. His logarithmic tables, the most
complete ever published, were calculated by this
engine. A much larger one on the same principle
was ordered by the British government,but never
completed. A similar machine, suggested by
that of Babbage, but constructed by two
Swedes, is now in the Dudley observatory at
Albany. Besides his fondness for dry and ab
struse subjects, which removed him in a con
siderable degree from the ordinary sympathies
and interests of his fellow men, Mr. Babbage
had one eminently human weakness—his invet
erate hostility to street musicians of every
kind, who vexed him unspeakably, and whom
he pursued with all the rancor of an insulted
and outraged scholar, through the police, the
courts and the press. Mr. Babbage was born
Decern I »er 26th, 1792, and was therefore nearly
seventy-nine years of age.
Sir Roderick J. Murchison, eminent and wide
ly known in the scientific world, and president
of the English geological and geographical so.
cicties, died, Sunday, being seventy-nine years
old. He was the friend and patron of Dr. Liv
ingstone, and took great and constant interest in
his African journeys of exploration. He began
his career as an officer in the English army; but
his tastes drew him to scientific pursuits. He
was chiefly self-educated, and rose to his cmi-.
Dent position by fojee of his great natural abili
ty. Geological science in England, and ihreugh
out Europe, is largely indebted to his studies and
explorations. He has done much, also, to aid
the progress of geographical science; and has
been a prolific writer on topics connected with
both these sciences. He had become an old
man; but one is instinctively inclined to wish
he could have lived to greet Dr. Livingstone, on
the veteran explorer’s return from his last, long
jouniey in Africa.
in Indinoa.
The New Albany Journal tells the following
sad story: We are confident that all judicious
persons will agree with us in pronouncing the
restless pranks of this dead peddler extremely
reprehensible.
“From a letter from a friend at the little town
of Huron, on the Ohio and Mississippi railroad,
we learn the particulars of some very singular
spiritual manifestations. Our correspondent
states that fifteen or twenty years ago a peddler
was in the habit of passing through that coun
try, selling notions, who drove a two-horse
team. Unit one night about nine o’clock he
passed the house of a Mr. Kubeck who lives
some miles east of Harrisonville, on the Bryants
villc road, going towards the former place. 'Phis
was the last that was ever seen or heard of him.
The fact of his being missed and failing to make
his regular visits created some talk in that
neighliorhood al the time, but soon died away,
and the peddler was soon forgotten.
“On this road, about one or two miles from
White River, and some two and a half miles
from Harrisonville, is a very rough hill, up
which the road runs, and on the top, on the
southwest side of the road, is an open field, long
since abandoned. Near this field, and right bv
the side of the road, stands an old dead tree.
Some three weeks ago Mr. Kubeck was passing
along this road, on his wav home from Hni rp
sonvillc, at about eleven o’clock at night. The
night was quite dark, and it was whli consid
erable difficulty that he could keep in the road,
or prevent his horse from stumbling over the
stones that obstructed the high wav. Jie
finally, however, reached the top of the hill,
and when about twenty rods from the tree he
heard a noise over in the old waste field aliovc
described, which he took to he two dogs en
gaged in a desperate fight. Their growling,
barking, snapping and scratching was fearful.’
It was apparently the most sanguinary dog fight
he had eier heard. At the moment it created
little or no surprise. He only wondered that
two dogs should be at that time of night so
distant from any human habitation, (for there
is no farm-house within a mile of this field,)
engaged -in such a desperate encounter. On
second thought, however, he concluded that
they had been out on a sbeep-bunting expedi
tion, and, having accidentally met there, got
into the fiiht.
“He ban not lonir to consider upon this, how
ever, for soon the elankin-of chains attracted
his attent oil in another direction, and looking
toward the tree, to his astonishment he beheld
iarite broken links of what seemed to be a bout
chain, red hot, fallin- around the tree, sizzin"
aud scorching. There seemed to be at least
twenty ol these links falling at tlie same time
and confined to fall about a minute, when Mr’
Rulicck was startled almost out of his wits bv
a heavy groan which seemed to come from the
earth beneath linn. Strange as it may anneal
upto this time his horse had not manifested the
least uneasiness, and Mr. Uulicck himself had
not imagined anything connected with what lie
had seen or heard but what could be accounted
lor upon a rational theory. The fallin- of red
hot chains, he admits, he thought a little ex
traordinary, lint had concluded within his own
mind to revisit the spot tlie next morning and
gather them up, believing, as he did, that they
were meteors that had fallen from the sky in
that peculiar shape. At the groan bis horse
reared and curvetted, plunged forward and
startea to run. Now came the most trying tune
him i' "’To’ 11, rv l fl,r just hi front of
him he heard tlie plunging, nulling noise of a
runaway team coming toward him, and tlie
noise mam ested every indication that tlieir
course would be directly over him. He tried to
rem Ins horse on-, of the course it was fakin'- Im
his efforts were to no purpose. On, „n came the
frightened team; on, on toward it plunged the
ungovernable horse. H was a moment of terri
hie suspense. All the deeds of an hones?life
came crowding upon his mind, lie olfered one
short prayer for safety, and gave himself up for
lost, when, more astonished than ever the noises
as suddenly ceased as they had commenced
His horse still fretted and tried to run but Mr'
Ruheck held him steadily in the road.
“At this moment Mr. Rubcck heard a voice
calling for help, and then the cry of murder fell
upon bis car; and as he Mas getting out of the
way he was more than ever startled by the ex
clamation, the voice apparently’ coming directly
from the old field: “For God’s sake! Jim, don't
murder me!’
“Having by this time passed the old field, he
made his way home without seeing or hearing
any thing further, but in a state of mind better
imagined than described. He spent a very rest
less night, and the next morning rode over tlie
country telling his experience of the ni* r ht be
the aid of his neighbors to
mm I'?’ 1 B lvin t the mystery. He gathered
who atten dcd Idm the follow-
-Tlh. the bame scenes were repeated.
unearthh^nin 1 thC rcd hot chains fell, the
uni arthi.y groans rose up from the ground the
Ib7m e ?r? n camt "'“"dwing down upon
fuuP'dninT 0 again heard in the waste
murder. P d boßKtn 3 Jim not to
“Most of the witnesses to this second demon
stration ol the unearthly visitants, if such they
may be cabed, beeame panic Stricken and prc
eipitately fled. 1 hoee who remained could find
no reasonable solution of the mystery tlmueh
one or two, who '.new intimately iind disiim-fiv
remembered the missing peddler, are willing to
swear that it was his vohe that culled fur help
Jniln Spn: Wartester, gjornmcj, October 24, 1871.
“The next day more citizens gathered upon the
hill, and dug as close to the spot where the
barking dogs were heatd as they could, and
what was their surprise when they unearthed a
skeleton. Some parts of the clothing were still
preserved, which corresponded with that usu
ally worn bv the peddler. Upon a close exami
nation a fracture was found in the skull, which
looked as though it was made with a heavy in
strument, such as an axe or hatchet.
“These last discoveries have created a consid
erable excitement in the neighborhood, and
some think it explains the mystery which sur
rounds the disappearance of the peddler, and
will ultimately lead to the discovery of his mur
derer, if be was murdered. Taking the facts
all in all, it is a singular affair, and ifit does re
sult in what our correspondent intimates, it will
add something to the establishment of the the
ory of spiritualism.”
A Mt range Dclunioii in t'hinii.
[Correspondence of the N. Y. Evening Post.]
Hoso Kong, September 1,1871.
The present mail will inform you of the
“Genii Powder” excitement. Placards have
suddenly appeared in the most important locali
ties in Canton province, charging foreigners
with having concocted a diabolical medicine,
which causes the bowels and the feet of the vic
tim to swell up within some twenty-live days
after it is taken, unless the patient will consent
to enter the Roman Catholic church.
The medicine is said to be circulated in all
quarters at foreign expense, through the agency
<>f Buddhist nuns, old women and various sorts
of hawkers and peddlers. Perse ns are induced
to partake by the representation that a pesti
lence is impending, from which immunity can
be secured only by a dose of the powder. If,
when the swelling begins, they refuse to become
Catholic they die, and report has it that some
twenty thousand persons have already perished.
Of course, the excitement caused among an
ignorant and superstitious people by such a
story is by no means trifling. As a conse
quence, trouble and bloodshed have followed.
A poor Chinaman was killed in the streets of
Canton by an excited m rb on suspicion of deal
ing in this powder. A woman was killed in
the Yamun, and a man was executed by the
viceroy on the same ground. Sharp dispatches
bv the consuls have been followed by proclama
tions by th vicceroy and provincial judge. The
latter order thepconlc to maintain order, under
the severest penalties, but at the same time
they assume the correctness of the report that
such a powder is in circulation. As a reward
is offered for any one found engaged in its dis
tribution, and as the official retrospects of the
matter do not affirm the falsity of the charges
regarding foreigners, the impression remains on
the minds df the people that they are actually
guiltv. It is, therefore, clearly a matter of
question whether the harm does not surpass the
good.
The origin and design of these placards de
mand the gravest inquiry. To pass them over
as mere ebullitions of ignorance which cease to
do evil after a lull supervenes, is to practise po
litical quackery, of which we may some day be
the victims. First of all, be it observed, these
placards arc a common agency of stirring up a
popular commotion, and placards against for
cigners have been known ever since the old
Hong days of Canton. What distinguishes the
present 'movement is the extent of territory
over which it prevails, and the homogeneity of
plan indicates extraordinary facilities for attain
ing a common understanding and concert of
action.
Two theories arc advanced to explain the
movement. By some it is regarded as part of a
plan to overthrow the Tartar dynasty, by em
broiling them with foreigners. And it is by no
means an ill-chosen agency for that purpose, as
I shall point out hereafter. By others it is looked
upon as a most ingenious device of the manda
rins to implant a deeper dislike of the foreigner
in the minds of the common people, ami there
is an abundance of testimony in favor of this
opinion. The manipulations of Chinese state
cralt have a special end to accomplish at the
present time. The treaties are to la? revised,
and the inland residence question is to be dis
cussed. The Chinese are bent on refusing that
demand. The carle of Clarendon, moved by the
representations of Mr. Burlingame, gave various
classes of foreigners a rebuke for not paying
more deference to the wishes and prejudices of
the people. The Chinese had these papers trans
lated and took the hint, ami the mandarins are
now manufacturing a public opinion bitteriy
hostile to the residence of foreigners inland.
No less than four German missionaries living
in inland towns, have been driven back to Can
ton or Hong Kong, while their houses have
been looted or destroyed. Since the British
cabinet has ordered that the prejudices
of the Chinese should be respected (and
which is all right enough in itself), the
Chinese have resolved that there shall be an in
creased multitude of prejudices to be respected.
You will hear, of course, that the ostentatious
vermillion-tipped proclamations are posted up
after the placards, and the placards will he
pulled down, and you will be told to infer that
all is moving on as before. The inference will
by no means be just. The mischief intended
will be fully accomplished. A condition of pub
lic sentiment will be superinduced which mav
lie passive and dormant enough when not need
ed, but which can lie utilized hereafter if deemed
desirable by the crafty mandarins. Let not the
public be deceived by any syren song of manda
rin desire for closer relations with the west.
We are drifting in the direction of war rather
than of peace. Nam-Yen.
llorroi-M of KukluxiNin.
A United States official reports, under date of
Sept. 8, 1871, a series of outrages perpetrated in
Chatham county, N. C., on Mrs. Catharine Fer
guson, her daughter, (Sarah Jane Ferguson,)
three of her sons, and a young man named Eli
Phillips. This official, who is one of the most
fearless and useful in the service, at once pro
ccede Ito investigate the matter, and the result
was he speedily brought alt I lie parties to Ra
leigh. Miss Sarah Jane Ferguson, 21 years of
age, made an affidavit of the facts before Mr.
Commissioner Shafter. The official referred to
made further inquiries, which served to corrobo
rate the girl’s statement. The other five who
were outraged when she was, stand ready to
sustain her in her testimony.
Miss Ferguson swears that disguised men,
some of whom were known to her, visited her
mother’s house twice in December last. At the
first visit they broke into the house and took
out two of her three brothers and whipped them
very bad’y. They cut the blood from them. The
family talked about this outrage, and the result
was the kuklux made a second attack on the
mother and daughter and three sons. They broke
into the house again, took out the mother and
whipped her with twisted sticks. They tore off
her clothes, threw her down on the ground,
holding her hands and feet, and beat her. Three
held her and two whipped her. They bruised
and wounded her so that she could not get about
for a month. After they had thus whipped the
mother they whipped her three sons,
tearing off their clothes ami hold
ing them on the ground. She says “they cut
them to pieces,” striking them over the head
with pistols. They also whipped a young man
named Phillips, doubling their hickories and
whipping with both hands. They then took Miss
Ferguson, tearing oft' her clothes, stretched her
at full length on her face, held her hands and
feet, and gave her two hundred lashes.
This unhappy family, as soon as they were
able to travel, abandoned their home and took
to the woods, where they lived for a month;
sometimes in cold, rainy weather, suffering all
the time for food. They at length left the
neighborhood, and were kindly allowed to live
in a house of Mr. Hugh Dixon,'at Snow Camp
Foundry, Chatham county, N. C.
These facts were sworn to by Miss Susan J.
Ferguson before a United States commissioner
in Raleigh, Sept. 8,1871.
Oysteb Fabmixg at Wakeuam.—The culti
vation of oysters on the flats at Cohasset Nar
rows and Agawam, in Wareham, lias already
become more profitable than the tillage of aii
equal area of upland, and the proprietors of
grants favorably located for growing bivalve
plants have abandoned farming and are devoting
themselves exclusively to the raising of oyster.”
It is only a few vears since the discoverv of the
adaptability of the flats along the shores of Buz
zard’s bay and the inlets on the opposite side of
the Narrows to the rearing of this delicious mol
lusk, and yet they have obtained a wide reputa
tion, commanding a high price. Some thirty
barrels are sent daily to Boston market, and so
rapid is the increase, that in five years it is esti
mated the shipments will amount to 1000 bushels
a day. There arc some fifty owners of grants in
Wareham, citizens of which town alone have a
privilege to occupy the flats, which is obtained
for a period of twenty years by the payment of a
recording fee of two dollars and a halt. These
grantshave all been taken up, and arc now held
at enormous bonuses, some as high as SlO,-
000. These, however, are exceptions, the yield
of the beds aggregating in some instances two
thousand bushels a year. The grants extended
from the shore to low water mark, and embrace
Irom five to seventy-five acres of flats. The
grants have been taken upon the Buzzard bay
side of the Narrows as far out as Hog island.
Bedsol young oysters hatched where the spat
has fallen, have recently been discovered, the
extent of which is estimated at twenty-five
thousand bushels. They are now quite small,
not bigger than a penny, and yet every bushel
of the young mollusks will in three years make
from four to five bushels of merchantable
oysters. These natives are now being sold
to the owners of grants at fifty cents per
bushel. The men who struck the beds arc
earning several hundreds of dollars a month in
raking and delivering their harvest. There has
been exceedingly fine sport ot late at Cohasset
Narrows, in catching “Squileague,” or “week
fish,” a denizen of those swift-runuing waters,
which closely resembles the speckled lake trout,
while it is full as gamy a hsh to take, and su
perior to the salmon in flavor. Is is called by
some “sea trout,” and weighs from three to
nine pounds. Sportsmen fish for it with the
rod line.— lit mt an Journal.
Xn-oxiTE.—Xylonite is a aubstum e of which
Ilic Chief ingredient is, wc are informed, chemi
cally allied to gun-cotton, being formed bv the
nitric acid upon woody fibre. One of the chief
uses to which it is applied is for making Im
permeable sheeting; and if all that is said about
it bear the test ol experience, it bids fair to take
the place of India-rubber. Different samples of
water-proofed fabrics vary in substance from a
thin transparent tissue up to a thick, strong
cloth suitable for water-beds, water-cushions
and other articles where strength of fabric is all
important. Xylonite lias, it would appear,
several advantages over india-rubber. Iris not
affected by a boiling temperature, and can be
readily washed in soap and waler and ironed
like ordinary linen or cotton fabrics. It is not
acted upon by oil or grease. Xylonite materials
can be made of any color, arc cousidcral ly
cheaper than similar gutta-percha or indi’a
rubber fabrics, can be used again and again, and
can be kept in store for any length of time with
out deterioration.— Lo/uhm Lancet.
Ingots Piled Upon the Sidewalk—Wm.
D. Kelley, writing to the (Philadelphia Press of
the mineral wealth of the Rocky Mountain re
gion, which he is now engaged in exploring, tells
this story:
I Passing along one of the business streets of
S ilt L ike City, during the evening, early in
i August last, I found the brom I sidewalk ob-
I structed bv long piles, about four feet high,
of what,’ being fresh from Pennsylvania, I
i took in the dim light to be pigs of iron of un-
I usual length and width. To have bought them
as such would have made my fortune at a sin-
I gle stroke. They were ingots of matte,produced
from the argentiferous galena ore of mines in
I the cottonwood and neighboring canons. I heir
1 chief ingredients, measured by quantify, are
lead, silver ami gold; if measured by value the
order is reversed. Tb“y were awaiting purchase
and shipment because there are noadequate
smelting works in the vallev. The skill of the
valley is exhausted in reducing the ore to matte.
Theownenof one mine, the Emma, find it to
their advantage to send most of their ore direct to
England, and have a contract with the Union
Pacific company to carry one hundred lons per
dav, making seven trains of ten cars weekly.
Before shipment the ore is carefully packed in
stout cotton sacks, on each of which the weight
is marked.
Item*.
Contributions from members of the legal fra
ternity are solicited to aid in the formation of
a law library at Chicago.
A duel recently took place in Columbus, Mo.,
In which four young men were engage!. Three
of them were mortally wounded.
A. T. Stewart has written to John V. FarWeH,
of Chicago, requesting that tiie $56,000 sub
scribed by him for the relief of the sufferers by
the late fire may be mainly devoted to the aid
of women dependent upon their own exertions
for support, and also widows and children with
out means or protectors to yrovide for them.
Justin McCarthy tells a good story of Thack
eray and Hepworth Dixon, which neatly Ulus*
Dates the lordly and patronizing manner of the
lattei. Thackcrav, having mentioned to a
friend that be recently met Dixon, was asked
some questions about what happened at the in
terview. “Well,” replied Thackeray, with his
tone and force of infinite expression and inim
itable humor,“he was kind to me.”
According to a report made by the Italian
minister ot justice five thousand youfig chil
dren are annually stolen from their parents and
sold to persons in the United States. His as
sertion has made an impression on the legisla
ture, since a section has been adopted in the
criminal code of Italy punishing the stealing
and transporting ol children with five years im
prisonment.
A little five-year old boy was being instructed
in morals by his grandmother. The old lady
told him that all such terms as “by golly,” “by
jingo,” “by thunder,” etc., were only little
oaths, and but little better than other profani
ties. In fact, she said, he could tell a profane
oath by the prefix “by.” All such were oaths.
“Well, then, grandmother,” said the little hope
ful, is “by telegraph, which I see in the newspa
pers, swearing?” “No,” said the old lady,
“that’s only lying.”
A man who had fought “mil’’ Sherman was
caught in one of the late Wisconsin prairie
fires, with no means of building a back fire, so
he imitated the gophers. Cutting a huge sod
with Ids hunting-knife, he threw the dry dirt
out till a hole sufficient for his body was made,
when lie crawled in and rolled the turf over
him. lie lav there until the fire passed over
him and was speeding furiously on its wav
miles distant, then slowly he crawled out of his
living grave, heated fearfully, but injured in no
wav whatever.”
The produce dealers and bankers of Milwaukee
are agitating the question of a submarine cable
across Lake Michigan to open a new route to
Michigan, Canada and the east. The Englemann
transportation company offer to lay the cable
free of expense. The object of the enterprise is
to have two lines of communication with the
east; so that if one fails, as was the ease during
the Chicago fire, there will be another route open
tor business. A committee has been appointed
to confer with the telegraph companies.
Several Canadians are here urging the project.
The Paris “Patric” calls attention to an anti
communist association of workingmen in favor
of order, the Ouvriers Compafjnons. This so
ciety, has a committee sitting in Paris. Its pro
gramme is short, but decisive. “Each member,
to whatever trade he may belong, pledges him
self not to join any section of the internationale.”
None of its members arc to join in any strike.
They bind themseives, moreover, that in all the
towns of France they will assist the government
in bringing about the pacific resumption of
labor and in maintaining order.
The fire in Chicago had the curious effect of
spoiling the “outsides” of nearly two hundred
weekly newspapers which are published hun
dreds of miles from that city, in Illinois, low i,
Wisconsin and Minnesota. One of the leading
printers at Chicago did a large business in print
ing these “outsides” in duplicate and sending
them to different places, where the local pub
lishers printed the news on the other side. The
farmers who depended upon these sheets for
their weekly supply of news, must have been
puzzled to know how the Chicago fire could
have deprived them of their village newspaper
while the home office remained intact.
The following is the salutatory of an Oregon
editress: “We have served a regular apprentice
ship at working—washing, scrubbing, patching,
darning, ironing, plain sewing, raisin'! babies,
milking, churning, and poultry raising. We
have kept boarders, taught school, taught mu
sic, written for the newspaper, made speeches,
and carried on an extensive millinery and dress
making business. We can prove by the public
that this work has been well done. Now, hav
ing reached the age of thirty-six, and having
brought up a family of boys to set type and a
daughter to run the millinery store, we propose
to edit and publish a newspaper, and we intend
to establish it as one of the p nnanent institu
tions of the country.”
Once upon a time there was a Yankee top-sail
schooner on its way to Leghorn, which encoun
tered an English nobleman’s yacht on a pleasure
cruise in the Mediterranean. John Bull ban
tered the Yankee for a trial of speed, and the
Yankee “sailed” John Bull almost out of “sight.”
Milor was greatly astonished at this result, and
invited the victorious skipper to come on board
and join him in a bottle of wine. The invita
tion was accepted, and as they sat opposite to
each other, the Englishman generouslv proposed
Brother Jonathan’s health, adding: “I say, cap
tain, this is the first time mv yacht was ever
beaten, you know!” “Wal!” said the Yankee
captain, “that’s kinder singler, for 1 vow this is
the first time my craft ever beat anything.” Il
may perhaps seem ungracious to recall this
story in connection with the yacht race of ves
terday; but might it not be well for our English
commodore to stipulate that in future rae *s
the New York Ixiats should not get out of sight
of him! You can’t well race with a boat if you
can’t sec it, you know.—A 7 E. Post.
The assignees’ sale of the bankrupt stock of Brig
ham Eames, which was to have taken place to
day, has been postponed until Monday, Oct. 30.
The great benefactor of his race is in our midst.
Victims ot rheumatism and painful backs embrace
the opportunity. (Prof. Mac, at the Lincoln house.)
.See advertisement.
Pretty styles in bonnets and hats at Roche’s—the
largest assortment in the city—l3B Main street; old
No. 30.
LATEST MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New ork, Oct. 23.—Money easier at 5@ 7 percent;
offered late in the afternoon al 4 percent, sterling ex
change strong at MM* 108 X for long. Gold firm at
IkS 112!*. Loans at 1-32 per cent per day to 1 per
cent per annum or use. Clearances $47, (KH»jMM). Gov
ernments strong and higher, out not active, state bonds
firm, .'tocks closed rather heavy, and M per eent off
from best prices.
Unitcu siaies currency os 111 <4
United States Sixes. 1881 116?.
United States 5-20’s, *662, coupons i i4’ t
1864. 114
4865, II4H
new 18b5. 113
1867, 113)4
1868. 113
10-4»s 1(19 q
Western Union Telegraph company 61s
Pacific Mail Steamship company 17>»
N. Y. Central Hudson River consol’d 89)4
do do do do scrip b4*
Erie railroad
do preferred ....6t
Harlem railroad
do preierred j-jl
Beading railroad 10HH
Michigan Central railroad ugv.
Union Pacific railroad stock 24
Panama railroad
bake snore <s Michigan southern a
Illinois Central railroad 133
Cleveland and Pittsburg rauruad .124
Chicago and Northwestern railroad HIX
do dn preferred 89 S
Cleveland. Columbus A Cincinnati railroad, ,'s j
Ncw Jersey (Central railroad 105 X
KzUfCAgo «ud AuCK ISiaaa faliroau 101)4
Milwaukee and St. Paul railroad 57
do do pret 77
Toledo and Wabash railroad 57 q
do pref 84
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 97
Alton and Terre Haute railroad 16
do preferred 50
Chicago and Alton railroad
do preferred 114
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 3k
Hartford and Eric railroad
Columbus. Cincinnati A Ind. Central it li jfq
Chicago, Burlington ami Quincy RR '125
Hannibal and St Joseph K 58
Central Pacific gold bonds 10l Mi
Union Pacific, railroad Ist mon.6s mas
Union Pacific land grants 75)4
Central Pacific railroad income 105...7. 76K
Tennessee state 6 s, new 65 u
Virginia state 6’s, new k»
Missouri state 6s 7 1( 7
North Carolina stale 6s. new. pi
South Carolina 6s. new 7.7.7.7.7.7... 43 H
BOSTON KT<JGK MALES-Oct. 23
$2'2.000 Hartford ami Erie railroad 7s, new.
SI,OOO Union Pacific land grant 7s
SI,OOO Sianstead and Chamblvls AS*
$2,100 Vermont Central railroad 2d mort. Ys
7 Boston and Albany railroad iaxu
3 Cheshire railroad
15 Eastern railroad
200 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad k
io Ogdensburg A Lake Champlain RR
I Phil.. Wil. and Baltimore raihoaa sau
235 Union Pacific railroad 77 'MM.
20 Vermont and Canada railroad HI
50 Boston anil Providence Railroad 1.,0
DOM KNTIcTmaRKETS.
New Yokk.<»ct.23.—Cotton in fair demand and M fa
He lower; sales 291 bales; middling uplands
Hour sfa 10c lower; i-alc 8,800 bb|>; state $6 00 fa
hoop Ohio $6.80 7 35; western 7.6 G
souihern $7 (it, 9- Wheat opened heavy and closed
nrmer, with a fair export and good spectrative demand
sales 155,0 M) bush; No 2 spring $1.46 white
•Ute $1.68; w ‘nter real western $1,50 1.54; white
Michigan «1 58 fa 1.68. Corn firmer; sales 98.000 bush
nnxd wesurn at 75 (sh 76hc. Oat« 1c higher- Ml!
W.OOO bush Ohio and western at 50 51 He. quiet
Pors quiet and steady; sales mesa at sl3 fa 1,3.15 Lard
heavy a! 9« fa 10He. Butter steady. Wins key firmer
sides western tree 94’4 fa 95c. Rice dull at 8W h•'
fa al 8 J n'lr to go.§ ?ei
hum., 9 4/19he. Cofiee very firm; uio 184 «l ’o'<c
turjemtme dull al
dun" crude U ,or ’“‘•“lned. Petroleum
i JNCiHNAri. Oct. 23 —Pork nominal, at sl2 SO Lard
quiet and weak, 9 9Hc. Bulk meats dull, holders
being unwilling to make concessions; nu sales. Bacon
quiet and weak, asking 7c fur shoulders, 7Xc for e'ear
Ab xulca, and I'.r for char sides Live hogs dull and
uncbnnKcd; sales al $3,75 Nhlkeyfirm and
In fair demand at 91c.
New Orleans, UH. 23.—Cotton dull and lower; mid
dlings at IBhc.
Foreign Mnrketa.—Cßv Atlantic Cable.]
London. Oct. 2.l—Consols dosed ai 93; U. S 5 20s,
18K1.H0H; do. 1885, old, HOU; do. 1867, 92b. I S. ten
forties 89 X.
Liverpool. Oct. 23.—Cotton closed heavy; middling
upland- do. Oilcans 9M W BXd; sales 8,000
bales.
Better Late than Never.—ls vour teeth arc going,
and you have not yot tried the “Sozodont,’’ asn pre
servative, trv it now Abandon all other ent ri flees and
give it a fair chance; Il Is guaranteed to bean harmless
as water. dTu&F 024
Serial
Rvprr«cntntlv<> <'on vent lon.— The nepiibll
caus<.| District No. 11, comprising Wards 4,5, 6 and 7.
In th« City of Worcester, are icques'id to send deli-gat< s
Io a Convention to be holden In the Common Council
Room, in the City Hail, on SATURDAY. Oct. 281 h. at
7b r. m., to nominate three candidates for Repribenta
tive> lo the next General Court.
The basis of repnsentation to be the same as the State
Convention.
Bv order of the District Committee.
E. T. MAKBI.E. Chairman.
Worcester. Oct. 24,1871. dst
Kepi-eNrntntlvc Convention.
The Hepublicans of District No. lit, comprising Wards
1,2. 3 and 8. in the city of Worcester, with the town of
i’axton, are requested io send delegates to a Convention,
to be h'dden in 'he Assessors’ Boom, In the City Hall, on
8 ATVKDAY. Oct. 28lh. at. 7b r. M., to nominate three
eandoiaies for representativ« s tothe next General Court.
The ba-is of representation to be tlie same as at the
.Stale Convention.
Bv order of the District Comm ttee.
GEO. GEEB, Chairman.
Worcester. Oct. 24, 1871. dtc 024
pntent* Nrcm-cd.
Re-issue>. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE.
Transfers of Rights. and Patent Cases attended to, by
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester, Mass.
Ot net. No. 3iri Main st,
rtli dtf
Sriiniophtl Contention.
The Republicans of the First Worcester Senatorial
District are requested to send .Delegates t>: a Senatorial
Convenilon. to be heln at the Common Council fiomn,
oil WEDNESDAY EVEN ING. Oct. 25, at 7b o’clock. If*
nominate a Candi laiv for Se nator, ami to transact such
other business its may properly come belore said Con
vention.
The basis of representation will be the same as at the
State (johfchtion.
By order of the Committee.
oil <1t025 E. B. STriDDARD, Chairfiian.
'l’li«- l><*mori*atM of the Ifith RepicsentatlVc Dis
triel, embracing the towns of Webster, Oxford, Sutton,
Millbury. Douglas and Dudley, are requested to semi
delegates to Convention, to he hold at the Sheldon
lloiDc, tn Webster.-October 28.1871. at one o’clock r M.,
fortlie purpose ol imnihtiu lug Three Representatives to
Mippoil the coming Election, and to do such other
Im-ltiess a*, may come before viii 1 C'oi»vcntloii Basis of
Representation the same as at the State ConveuHoH.
WM. S. SLATEIf. ItaitmaU.
Mosrs Barnes, Secetary.
Wcimter. October 17,1871." U3t 021
The l>< nlo<-i*ittM of 3d Woicester Senatorial Dis
trict arc requested tosend delegates to a Senatorial Con-
VentioH, to be held at the Good Templars' Hall in Web
ster, Oct. 28ih 4 ibst, at II o'clock A. M.. for the purpose
ot nominal ing a candidate for Senator, and for transact
ing any other business which, may properly come before
the Convention, the basis of rVpnwMtatibn will be tile
same as that tor the stale Convention.
LYMAN SHELDON, hairm.TH.
E. E. Harwood. Secretary.
Webster, Oct 18, 1871. <l3t o’t
The Ilt-morratN of Worcester County are request
ed (o send Delegates to a Convention to be holden al
Worcester, in Horticultural Hall, onTCESDAY. Get.
24t!i, at 11 o’clock a. m., for the purpose of nominating
candidates for the following County MlicersClerk of
the Court-, sie-iin. District Allotney, om-Comity Com
missioner, and two Special Commissioners, and for Ihe
transaction of such other business as ntay proprrlv come
before them.
The basis of representation will be the same as that
for the State Convention.
JAMES E. ESTABRODK.
Chairman of the Democratic Countv Committee.
Salisbi ry Hvdr, See’y. witAcfu 013
Worcester Countv Instltutiou for Buving»
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 #4.505,845 110.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK. President,
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
Worcester Five Ceuta gatings Bank.
OFFICE. NO. OS MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business day, from nineo’clock
in the morning to five o’clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received, and put upon interest on the first of every
month.
Dividends of Interest are made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest. Three Dol
CLARENDON HARRIS.
jv9 dtf Treasurer.
The Worcester Mechanics Savings Hnnk
IK CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon interest on the Fifteenth day oi
each month.
Semi-annual Dividends in January and July.
HARBISON BLISS President.
H. Woodward, Treaa’r.
deci dawtf
People’* Savis uh Bank,
MARBLE BUILDING, 152 MAIN ST.,
Opposite the City Hall.
The usual Sf.mi-Anm al Dividend at theratcolSix
per Cent, per annum lias been declared.
Deposits are pul on interest on the first day of every
mouth.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank is open
to Depositors on Saturday Evenings, trom 6to 8 o’clock.
Amt. DepoMits A ng. 1, ’ll 570,7<;.| 70
Number Depositor* 7,711
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT, Treas.
W coster, Aug, 2.1871. d&wtf ua2
An Anchor to AVin<Kvai*«l.
If is good seamanship, when there is reason to expect
heavy weather, to crop an anchor to windward.
We are in (he midst of the season of chills and fever.
The sure preventive of this distressing malady is Hostet
ter's stomach Bitters. A course of that wholesome
vegetable tonic will render an attack impossible. Take
the hint and drop an anchor to windward.
eukstomachs arc most liable to be disoidcrcd late in
the autumn, when the changes of temperature are
marked and frequent. Hostetter’s Bitters fortify the
Homach against the effects of these variations. Lei
dyspeptics make a note of the fact, and drop an anchor
to windward.
The liver is more sensitive when Hie weather is con
tinually alternating between flic warmth of summer and
the cold of winter than at any other period of the year.
I'his is peculiarly the season of such alterations. Let the
bilious remember that Hostetter's Stomach Bitters js
essentially an unti-bilious medicine, and drop an anchor
to windward
The Wisest plan is to forestall evil. The next best
thing is to arrest it. For disorders of the stomach,
irregularities of the bowels, and all periodical fevers,
take, as soon as the complaint developer itself, Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitten. d&wlw 019
The European Question.
What Is the European question to us? Let the crowned
heals fight it <>ut. while we supply their armies with
provisions.
THE AMERICAN QUESTION
as to Hie best method of clothing gray heads with glossy
brown or raven black is, however, a matter of vast im
portance to millions of both sexes in this country. It
SEEMS TO BE DECIDED,
If popularity is a fair test in the case. In favor of
CrUtiuloro’M Excelsior Iluii* l>ye,
the sales of wliich have been advancing during the past
1 welvc months with rapidity astonishing. As a dressing
after dyeing, use
CRiSTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE
03 deopAwcowlm
Ke More Wet Feet.
CABLE SCR EH’ 1R p.
ASA FASTENING FOR BOOTS AND SHOES
is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
Pegs. Besides furnishing flic most durable, pliable and
economical hoot ever offered the public, it afford.-an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
than over before made of the same materials.
63F“A1l Dealers sell Cable Screw Wired Goods.
'Patent Stamp on all. deop6w o 2
Th«
WORCESTER SAFE DE POSH
AND
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M.-RLCE, President.
Receivei Monev on Deposit subject to Chuk al Bvjht
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
'AT THE RATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. FER ANNUM.
e Pf IMea ln Burglar Proof Cases, to which
R- liter alone has ao are oft-ied to Ihe public for
T 1 va ry, ,r SJ’ iv, each perannum
or
Bonds. Willa. Deeds, Jewe’ry, Silver PLit'
JfWMf* 0 1 ratM which ra-ipts are
c na 8m 11 Sos
A **bt Watch, on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 A m
end a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add gnat y to the security otherwise afforded.
Business 1 ours from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m
dtf BAMUM T. BIGELOW. So, 'y
‘J*?* 1 Nun, Commiseon Merchants
end dealers tn Hour and Grain, Land Plaster, Lime, Cal
cinod 1 kisier, Gr. Bone, Cenu at. Salt, Guano. Super
phosphate ofLirno. and Western Pro-luce, Noe. 95 and
97 Froatet., WGrceater.llaEß.
dtf JOHM s. CLARK A BON
Dry Gouda BI 11
MUST BE PAID I
Our customers who have tfuarterly Bills due Oct. Ist,
are requested to
Pay nt our Henk*
without further notice.
023 d2w BARNARD, SUMNER A CO.
Barnard, Sumner <V <'o.
are, a* usual, “Early In the Field,” and their announce
ment for Fall Trade appears in otif paper to day, com
prising a Solid Column. Money that is to be invested in
DRY GOODS OK CARPETS,
cannot be better spent than at their Store,
Main St.,
stJ dtf Worcester.
Worce»lvr Gun Light Canipany.
COKE.
This Cheap and most Desirari.e Fcel for Manufac
taring purposes and Family use, is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, al the following Reduced
Prices:
One Chaldron of 36 bushels >5.0(1
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may be made, and orders for Bedell very will
be issued only at the Office ol the Company, No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up ttairt.
REPAIRS. Ac.
Irregularities or failure of.supply ot gas should be report
ed, and applications for service Dipes and meters mav be
mam* at ti.e Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton s Block,"Me
chanlc street up stairs. dtf inf
On Marriage.-Essavs for Yovkg Mf.n,on great
Social Evils and Abuses, which interfere with Marriage,
wilh sure means of relief for the Erring ami infortunate,
diseased and debilitated. Sent free, in scaled envelopes.
Address Howard Association, No. 2 s. Ninth street,
Philadelphia. Pa. dTu&ThSin jy27
Mathews unainberlain,
PLLMBERS,
Corner Waldo and Exchange Bta., Worcester, Mass.
Bath Tube and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowie'
Wash Trays, Sinks Ac Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf Jyß
Lea A* VeiTinw* Sauer,
prononnccd by connoisseurs ’‘THE ONLY GOOD
HAUCE.”
It improves appetite mid digestion, and it is unrivaled
for its flavor. We rtre directed by Messrs. Lea A Per
rins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
terfmts. JOHN 1H NCAN’S HONS. Agents.
au!2 deoptim New York.
Rnlchelor*a llalr Dye.- rhißSUperb Hair Dye
is the be.it in the world— perfectly harmless, reliable and
iHsiantaneoiis; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or dbmgrccahlo odor. The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor’s
Hair I lye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural Brawn: (eaves the hair clean, soft, beautiful;
does not contain a parHcle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Factory’. 16 Bond st.. N.
Y. <Hvr ivlO
liidexical Silver Soap
Marlon Harland, in “Common Sense in the House
hohl/ page 929, says: “For cleaning silver, I have for
y-ars used I Ite INDEXH'AL SILVER SOAP. Besides
bcibg clean and easy of application, it will not wear
away (Re metal, as will whiling or chalk or plate pow
der/ 1 Sold everywhere. d3in au!B
Ge«*. s. Iloppin <;ommißson Merchants
and Dealers in Flour, Corn, Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal ot al
kinds. Fine and Coarse Feed, Linseed Oil Meal. Me-
C-hanic street. Worcester. Mass dtr
l»r. Henry F. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
<>l.; dtf
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. E. A. GOODNOW,
ans dtf First National Hank.
DIED
In t his city, Oct 23, Roderick James, son of James and
Mary Tullis, aged 2 rs 8 days.
Funeral services at the house. No 32 Providence sf, on
Wednesday, at 2 r m.
Inthls city, Oct 23, Elias Hull of Millbury, aged 65
yrs 1 mo.
Funeral services at his late residence in Millbury. Oct
25th, at eleven o'clock a m. Friends and relatives are
invited to attend without further notice.
In Hartford, Oct 18, Mrs Mary H Cheney, aged 87 yrs
8 months.
Ueto
TEMPLE OF HONOR.
1 A OFFICE WORTHY’ RECORDER.)
I Worcester’!’, of H.. No 31,
n/y Oct. 24. 1871.
Regular Meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
.Ifc —JJi EVENING, nt 7 30 o’clock.
ISM iFEI Work—initiation.
It is desired that every member of the
Temple be present, as business of an important nature
will Ite presented tor consideration and action.
024 .lit HENRY A. F. HOYT. AV. R.
w. MORNING STAR LODGE F.
/7>A .t A. AL—A Special Communication will be
THIS (Tuesday) EVENING. Oct. 24,
1871. at o’clock.
5F Work-F C.
By order of the W. M.
024 dlt L. S. CARPENTER. Sec'y.
OTIUEThe Good Samaritans will hold
A TEMPERAN<’K MEETING,
in Taylor’s Hall. Front st THIS (Tuesday) EVENING,
at 7 o'clock. Good public speakers will be present.
024 dlt* Per order of the Committee.
gOME TH I N~G N~E W
MR. HOWLAND HAS OPENED A
SHOOTING- GA-luLERY,
at No. 105 Front st., (European Block,) where there will
be Rifle Practice at a Target.
The Guns used are different from any heretofore used
In this place. The rules of the Gallery are absolute that
there shall be no Gambling nor netting.
All are invited to call and see the Shooting, and try
their skill at hitting|the •’Bull’s Eye.’’ The Gallery
will open on
MONDAY, OCT. 1871,
and will be open Day and Evening, for one week only.
Anyone who wi-lies to become a good shot should take
advantage of this opportunity for practice. The
price will be very low—Four shots tor Ten Cents.
024 <!4t*
EW MEAT it PROVISION MARKET
At 157 and 159 Front St.
IMPOKTAXT TO THE 1»VBLIC.
The undersigned having opened a Now Moat and Pro
vision Market. invites the citizens of Worcester to call
and examine his Store, quality of goods, and New Prices.
From 20 to 25 per cent, discount will be allowed for cash,
from present prices Hotels and Eating Houses will find
this a good place to buy their Provisions at wholesale
rates. Remember the number. 157 and 159 Front st.,
formerly Walker’s 800 l Factory.
24 111 11. N. PR ENTICE.
m VILLAGE RESIDENUE for sale hi
Millbury, 5 minutes’ walk from depot, nice Cot
tage House, 9 rooms; Lot 101 x 155; good variety
of Fruit. Price S26UO.
L. A. ELY CO.
FOR SALE—On Orange st., a very
desirable Estate; desirable residence and an ex-
Kjill ccllent investment. Price $13,000.
L. A. ELY CO.
FOR SALE—A pleasantly located
i;«i Suburban FARM ofsacres, all under cu'Hvation;
Hll 2M miles from City Hall; 2-lenen.ent house, barn,
L. A. ELY CO.
FOR SALE—In Millbury, 14 miles
from depot, a good Farm of 120 acres; 300 apple
trees. 225 pear trees, 200 peach trees, together with
great variety of small fruits; buildings fair; will
keep from 12 to 15head; wood sufficient for farm.
L. A. ELY' «t CO.
FOR SALEWA FINE FARM of
■j:;;; no acres, 2 rn-les from City Hall; good build-
Pn|| ings; large stock of fruit; land under excellent
cultivation. Price SIO,UOO.
L. A. ELY CO.
FOR SALE -In Oxford, a splendid
Hlia of 210 acres; 80 acres wooo and timoer land;
buildings, all in excellent order; 2 miles from
two depots; mile from church, schools, store,
Ac. Price $8,018) L. A. ELY A CO.
BFOR SALE In Auburn, 6 miles
from City Hall, a very pleasantly located Farm of
85 acres; 2o acres wood, 5 acres heavy timber;
land quick and easy—under good cultivation;
will keep 15 head of stock; ih miles from depot.
Price L. A. ELY A CO.
B FOR SALE—A desirable FARM of
8 acres, 3 miles from City Hall; h mowing and
tillage, balance excellent pasture; fine stock ot
Fruit; superior Garden Land; house arranged for
two families: good buildings.
Price $5,300. L. A. ELY’ A CO.
BFOR SALE On Pleasant st., a desi
rable Corner Estate; very central.
Price $12,000. L. A. ELY’ A CO.
fllO RENT—A good Lower 'l’enement of 7
JL rooms, on Benefit court; rent $23 per month.
L A. ELY A CO.
TOO RENT—On Woodland st., a first-class
A Tenement; barn if desired.
oM dtf L. A. EI.Y A co.
IpOB SALE —Larffe size Lord Ki ttle and
Press, cheap. W. H. BRAYTON.
®M d4t* 144 Main st
1^0 R SALE -THE SMALL BUILDING',
10 x 12, at 16 Walnut .st ,to be removed.
<>24 dlw* W. W. STEELE.
FOR SALE -STANDING WOOD AM)
TIMBER, within IM miles of City Hall also, 200
cordsot Dry Wood, raadv tor market.
O. N. POND <t CO..
<>-’4 dtf 2 Fron' St. Exchange.
I OST-*On Saturday afternoon, near Lam>
U son A Glazier's Auction Room, A PURSE, contain
ing a small sum of money. The finder willconfcra favor
by leaving it with E. L. BRIGHAM A CO, comerot
Main and Walnut sts. <l3t* 024
FOUXD-AGRAY BULLDOG.
qJWi The owner can have the same by proving
H Jy property and paying charge-.
A. JAMES MCCOY,
oM <l3l* 90 Shrewsbitr.v st.
STRAY ED I—Four Cattle may be found at
Hie farm of N. G. FOGG. West Shrewsbury; |one
large red cow. one red and gray cow, one red Heifer, one
red and white heifer. d3t* 024
Si l l Al it ».x WAN FED To do general
housework in a small family. Apply at No 94
Sure".'lmry st. dßt* OS4
VITANTED—A situation to do second work.
Good references given. Apply at No. 15 Carbon
SL d3t* 024
WANTED— A capable cook, who is also a
goon washer and Ironer. Apply from 4t06 p. m..
to Mrs. GEO. T. RICE. 52 Elm it. d3t 024
IVAN TED A good cook, washer and
ironer, and to do general housework in a small
family, at 79 Elm st. dlt* ©24
"/[“SITUATION WANTED— To do second
X3L work in a family, or take care of children. Apply
at •>;'.!<en ft. d4t* 0/4
(IOTTON MILL |HLLP
good l arder, with family help; 2 Frame Spinners;
Spooler-lender; 1 Twhter tender; I Reeler; I Fly
framc-tcndcr. Apply soon, to
SUMNER PRATT A CO.,
11 and 26 Front st.
\lso. a goo<l Repair Haiel. dl«t* 024
.*k:i (M H I To LOAN At 7 per Cent.,
on a permanent First-cIaAS Mortgage.
Addres-I'. U. Box 186. d3t v 24
Utto
g J. WILCOX CO.
Invite attention to their
NEW STOCK
OF
FALL AND iWINTER
DRY GOODS!
Comprising a very Large and Extensive Assortment
of the
New Popular Goods of the Seascn.
Business conducted strictly upon the
ONE PRICE SYSTEM.
ALL GOODS SOLD FOR CASH,
AT
LOW PRICES.
No. 306 Main Street,
WO RC ESTER.
FASHIONS IJT/IJ
CLOAK
AND
Dress Making
We solicit the patronage of our Lady friends and mi“-
tomers in these Departments of our business, conducted
under the superintendence of Experienced and ('ompc
ent Lmties.
Cloak Department!
Under Hie charge of
MILS. KATIE TAFT.
Dress Making Department!
Under the charge ot
MIMS BELLE E. THAYER.
S. J. WILCOX CO.,
No. 306 Main Street,
WOKC ESTEK.
024 d I'u,Th A Sit
jdranch agency
it OF
M’lle DEMOUNTS
EMPORIUM OF FASHIONS.
S. J. WILCOX CO.,
Wo. 306 Main Street, Worcester.
FULL SIZE,
Accurate and Reliable!
P ATTERNS in various sizes, of every New and
Desirable Style for
Ladies' and Children's Dress!
Each Pattern put up In an Envelope, with Illustrations
and full description and directions howto cut, put to
gether, make and trim the garment.
Also, subscriptions received for DEMORF.HT’S
Monthly Magazine. Yearly >3 00, with a splendid Chro
mo as a premium.
M’lle Demorest's “What to Wear," 15c.
Mammoth Bulletin of Fashion. Price >l, to include
’What to Wear.” dTu.Th&Stf 024
WE HAVE IN STOCK and ar- daily
receiving a Splendid Line of
BLACK
DRESS
GOODS!
which we offer under the market price.
O 4 (ITu.ThAMf M. .1. WILKIX <t
E HAVE RECEIVED OUR
NEW TRIMMING VELVETS!
In Black and Colors; all the IVew and Ilesirabic
NhadcM to match the Dress Goods of the season.
<.24 dlii.TliAStf S. .1, WILIOX A
WE HAVE RECEIVE II OUR
NEW LYONS SILK VELVETS.
for Ladies’ Cloaks, which we offer at Eow Price*.
024 dTn.lhAStf N. .J. WILCOX dD_CO.
IJLACK SILKS
We Invite attention to our Black I>i cn» Silks, in
fine and desirable goods, which we offer under the regu
lar market price.
<,M <1 !u. I h.tStl S. .J. WILCOX «V<O.
QHAWLS 1
We have on sale, at Low Price®, a very large ami ex
tensive assortment of Choice and Elegant Pat
terns of New Shawls.
024 dTu.Tll&Stl M. J. WI ECOX «V CO.
pAS&EM ENTEBIE,
GIMPS!
Black and Colored Fringes!
New goods, in choice and elegant pattern.', at Euw
Price*.
024 dTu.ThAStf S. .J. A’ <’O.
JJOMESTIC
AND
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS!
Our stock of Domestic and Housekeeping Goods is
very extensive in all the dcsirab'e and populai goods in
the market, which we offer at
Low Prices I
024 (ITu.Tli.tStf S. «I. WITX’Ox <v
f|lO LET—A nice new Tenement of 5 rooms.
JL Inquire at
NO. 3« BELMONT ST.
024 djlt*
TO LET —A furnished Front Room, with
board, tor a gentleman and whe. Call, or address
H No. 6 Congress st. d3t 024
TO RENT—A Tenement of eight rooms—
four on the ground and four on the 2d floor, newly
fitted un with city water. &c.; will be rented to one or
two families. Inquire of JACOB HAUFF. cor. Lincoln
and Belmont sts. dtf
No. 76 Thomas st.
Good location for a Shoemaker. Inquire at No. 78
Thomas st. d3t*
HHO LET Two Tenements on Wilmot st.
A Inquire of ADIN THAYER, 398 Main st.
024 dtf
WANTED-By a widow lady who is faitli
v (ul, and sure to please, a situation as housekeeper
of a factory boarding bouse. Address Mrs. M. R.. spy
om«. air oS
P ctu 'Abbcrfiscmcnts.
VIRST
SOCIAL ASSEMBLY
OF THE
Fifth Light Battery,
AT
lIORTICTTXj r J’VKzkn
Thursday Evening,', Oct. M
MUSIC:
Barnard Richardson’s Quadt ille Band,
A' l'ded by B. M. Wb DGKR. Harpi. f
A. A. BICKNELL, Prompter.
Tickets $1.25; to be had of any member of the Com
mit tec of Arrangements.
Military men are rcqtlCßled to' appear in full
uniform.
All friends of the B ittcry arc cordially invite I.
024 <!3l
jpißfv Ell.
I’ltor. MAC,
OF IDti IS A IC IS INOX A VEX IT, BOSTON,
The only Conqueror on the Globe
of RHEUMATISM indl its serloimand various maladies,
hronlc. Sciatica, and w.ak Lohd. or Kidnev Affections,
by his
Niff ZEALAND VEGETABLE PLASTER!
"lien all otlier remedies fail, can be consulted daily un
til rnnrsday. 26th; insi., a( the Lincoln House, free.
Procure bis extensive pamphlet, for particulars and
marvelous i res, visit or correspond with the person*
mimed, and you must confess he does not humhag, and
has no equal.
Iltghty respectable city references c m bo ob ainod. of
the iiie.-tlmabk-value of hn Discovery, l>v parties who
bad g ven up all hope of ver being icstored to health,
from inntt'i erable destructive noslrmiis.
N. B.—Office at Boston conducted by a competent
mi- dll* oM
By LAMSON, GLAZIER CO, Auctioneers,
2V2, 204 and 20i> Main st.
X T K N 8 I V E SAL E O F
pjleq;ant
ALABASTER AND MARBLE WORKS!
WE RHAI.I. SELL AT
WASHBURN HAUE.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
del. '.‘6, 27 and 28, at 2 o’clock p. M.,
the hrgest and tlnest collection of Italian Marble and
Alabaster Work ever exhibited In this city, consistingol
Rich Roman, Grecian and Florentine
VASES AND CARD RECEIVERS,
TAZZAS, STATUAUY, and MANTEL ORNAMENTS,
and choic? articles of Italian Marble Work..
il®*“This beautiful collection of works, imported by
Signor Torello Bcnsi, will lie on exhibition Wednesday
afternoon and evening. The sale will commence on
Thursday afternoon at 2 o’clock.
and gentlemen arc invited to call and ex
amine tills beautiful collection.
"4 «lts HBNRY
By B. w. ABB H r, Auctioneer,
office No. I ('entrat Exchange.
J ERSONA L PROPEI ITY
BY AUCTION I
Will lie sold by Public Auction, at th?* Fann of the
subscriber in Millburv, on FRIDAY, 0ct.27, at 1 o’clock
I*. m., the following Property, viz:
ONE GOOB FARM IIORME,
2 good Cows. 1 Yearling Steer, 2 Swine, 1 Concord Wagon,
I Lumber Wagon, he Lumber. IM bbls. Cider Vinegar,
100 bmdi. Potatoes, 30 bush. Corn. 20 bush, liyi', 20 bu.-,b.
fiats, 10l Turnips, lot Fowls, 12 ions English Hay, 3 Tons
Stock Hay, I Ton Rye straw, ami other articles.
The above farm is about 1 miles from Auburn Depot.
SUMNER EMM'INS.
B. W. ABBOTT, Auctioneer.
Millbury, Oct. 18, 1871. dis <'24
(J AT ALO CUE OF BOOKS
TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION!
By .T. r. HALL CO.. .ISO Main st, Worcester, Mass.,
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 25, at 2 o’clock P. M.:
Dick’s Works, 2 vols.; The Annual Cyclopedia, 1861 to
18K5 inclusive; Lippencolt’s Pronouncing Gazeteer of
the World: New American Cyclopedia. 16 vols; Wash
ington Irvings Works, 21 vols; Longfellow’s Poems, 2
vols; Montaigne’s Works. 4 vols: Memoirs of the
<2ueens of France, 2 vols; De Stael's Works. 2 vols;
f.im-ens of England, (Strickland.) 7 vol; Philip The Sec
nJ. 3 vols; Robertson’s Charles tbe Filth, 3 vols; Ma
eaulay’s England, 4 vols; Bancroft’s I rited States. 7
vols; Shake-pcare. 4 vols; Cowper’s Poetical Works;
Millon’s Poetical works: The Spectator, 6 vols; Baker/'
Livey,2 vols; Caesar Sullast: Herodotus; Thucy
dida; Tacitus; Xenophon; Lamb’s Works; olendge’s
Work*. 7 vols; History of Rome, (by Gibbon.) 6 vols;
rascal’s Works. vols; Spurgeon’s Sermons. 6 scries;
Cooper’s Choice Works. 20 vols; Waverlj’ Novels, (com
plete.) Also, a large lot of Miscellaneous Works.
SPEENBIB EIBKARY CASE.
See advertisement; in another column.
o i dj j. t*. HALL a CO., Am r,
SSIGN Fl'S’ SALE AT PUBLIC AUC-
I DIN. -'lhe sale of the Bankrupt Slock of Gro
eerics ami other pro ..city, which belong to the Estate ol
Brigham A Eames. Bankrupts. ill be on the 30th day of
October, 1871, at store No. 269 Alain st., Worcester, at
AM
Worcester,Det. 23, IH7I. d24.2ii,2«,t30 024
JJUY THE
American Button Hole Sewing Machine.
If you are about to buv a Sewing Maehim why not get
one that will do all kinds of Sewing. The .American
Button Hole is the only one that will doit. Fully war
ranted. i. 11. MTOCKWEEE,
f2B d(Tulf 172 M Mam I.
_ STRAYED OR STOLEN-A
BLACK AND WHITE SETTER DOG; an
swers to name of Shot; blind in near eve. and
not full length. A suitable reward paid
lor any imorination, or return of dog.
JAS. F. DAVENPORT orL. STOWE CO.,
023 dtf Worcester. Mass.
SITUATION WANTED- To do general
K? housework. Apply at No. 4 Nashua st.
024 (131*
Wlatchcs rife.
[J AIR JEWELRY MADE TO ORDER.
All kinds of HAIL JEWELRY made to order, and
particular attention given to the Preservation of the
Original Hair.
ISEA'd. OOI>I>AK» A CO.,
d 9 dtf Corner Main and Walnut sts.
Ji 1N E WATU HE S
The Largest assortment of
FINE WATCHES
Including the celebrated
SAnTZMAIX. PEICKEOAVX, I.AKOE.
ISICETIMU, Av.,
in Swiss, together with every gradeof HOWARD, EL
GIN AND WaLTHAM. may always l»c found at
>7. A. PJA’MPTON CO.’S,
Sod Main St., opp. Central.
016 dtf
Hair .jewelry madeto order.
Partleularattention given to the Preservation ot
the Original Hair. All kinds of
Jewelry, Spectacles, Watches and Clock'
Made and Repaired at the Lowest Prices. Silver Fork,
and Spoons made to order.
J. P. WEIXLEK.Jk. Jeweler,
t. No 172 Main
YyATCHES,
Jewelry ami Silver Ware.
Having made extensive additions to our former large
stock of
Watches, Jewelry, and Silver Ware,
we would ri'spcctfully request an examination of the
same, feeling confident that wc shall i»e able to please
those that favor us with a call. We have the largest
and best assortment of WATCHES to be found in the
city, embracing watches from most ot the celebrated
makers in the world, among which are the celebrated
801 KQI IX WATCH,
of which wc are exclusive agents, and which for durabil
ity and time-keeping qualities will compare with the
best. Wc also have the Lange, Jaccard, Henry Begue
lln. Bretting. and in fact Watches from all the principal
manufacturers.
Ol'K STOCK OF JEWEI.KY
is very complete, embracing a tine line of Vest. Opera
and Leontine I'hains. Bracelets, Kings, &c which we
will seli at the lowest prices.
BENJ. GODDARD <V CO..
322 Main street, opposite Mechanics Hall.
s2l dtf
p L A N T S PL AN T S
I offer this Fall
A Fine Stock of Healthy Plants!
both for Foliage and Winter Bloom.
Having ino-c than doubled my facilities during the
past season, my stock is larger and more varied than
ever before. 1 make a specialty ot' Plants lor H A NG 1 NG
BASK E I S. an«l my Fernery, for clearness and variety of
Plants for WARDIAN CASES can hardly be surpassed
in New England.
I also offer a fine lot of Bulbs of mv own impor'allon,
such as TI LIPS, HYACINTHS, CROCUS. CYCLA
MENS. Ac.
All business done upon honor, and all information
cheerfully given.
W. W. COOK,
TAINTEK’S KEES.HO USE,
016 <l2t*w2w
y BANISTER,
Auctioneers Commission Merchants,
Will give their personal attention to Sales by Auction of
Real Estate and Personal Property ot every description,
in Cltv or state. Consignments of New and Second
hand Furniture. Drv Good.-. Gn.< erics. Cmckery. and
other Personal Property, solicited lor our regular sales,
or for special sales, at our large and commodious Sales
Roam.
PKEXTISS BEOCK, FRONT ST.,
opposite ITrinnbuH st.. Worcester. Dry and Fancy
Goods, Cutlery, Silver Plated Were, clocks. Watches,
Jewelry, an I a large variety of Merchandise at private
sale, at low prices. Fair and honorable treatment to all
—our motto. HORACE KENDALL,
L. W. B A NISI ER. J
Worcester, October 20,1870. dim 023 .1
Horses kept on hay thiwi S h t;„ I
winter, at liberal terms Apply to nai
CHAS. T. PRATT. r s
o 2 dcoplm Bellevue How, Charlton, Ma om