jfcwrs INTELLIGENOjER.
FREDERICK W. BAKER, Editor.
H EL A I K, MD
FItIDAV, OCTOItIIH 13, IMTI.
•J'l 'la* JKnin" lias a more ux tended circulation among
tlie iutclligeni farmersundbuHineHH men of (farfurd than
any other paper in the county. No “Lock 11 pital” or
other obMcene or “Lottery’’ advertisement* w I'appear
In our column* at any price. A large nun.'-er of our
I nbHcrihors pay for their paper in advance, :uul conse
quently are just the clan* advertiser** desire toreach.
The attention of respectable and legitimate advertiser*
is directed to the above facts.
To correspondents.
All communications for publication must be accom
panied with the real name of the author, or no attention
a ill be paid to them. The real name id the author will
not he published unless desired, but we cannot consent
(o insert communication* unless We know the writer.
Ulr. Wm. Ptukucy Hamilton, of
(lT v* The German Correspondent is authorized to
transact business for The JBgistt Intelligencer
in Uallimoro city.
DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
STAT -E.
POU GOVERNOR
WILLIAM PINKNEY WHYTE,
Of Baltimore city.
h POU ATTOUNBY OKNRRAI.
A. K. SYEBTEK,
'_• Washington cuuntv.
y*non.fl64p the treasury Aj-
P|pP LHi YIN -8. WOOLFOIll),
'jßfr of Somerset county.
COUNTY.
For A Muriate Jadi/e, 3d Judicial Circuit:
JAMES 1). WATTERS.
For the Haute of' Delegates:
J. M. STREET'!,
WILLIAM BALDWIN,
Du. DAVID RILEY.
For Slate's Attorney
J. THUS. C. HOPKINS.
For Sheriff:
WM. SMITHSON FORWOOD.
For Judges of the Orphans Court
CHARLTON W. BILLINGSLEA,
GEORGE HAYES,
THOMAS BAY.
For County Commissioners:
Ist District—Du. JOSHUA WILSON,
2,1 —WM. M. ELLIOTT,
Sid —JAMES M. CAIN,
4lli —JAMES A. AMOS,
sth —ARCHIBALD WILSON,
For County Surveyor:
WM. T. CLARK.
—We gave last week, iu reply to the stric
tures passed upon us by the card of the late
Executive Committee, the grounds upon
which our article of a few weeks since was
based. The controversy was not of our scck
big, and for Unit reason, and failing to dis
cover any particular advantage it can possi
bly result in to the parly or any individual,
we abstain from pursuing it any further,
unless it shall be continued to be forced upon
ns. In the latter event we shall not have any
discretion left us in the matter, and must of
course defend ourselves from unfounded ac
cusations.
AT CHICAGO.
fnLd’.prevents us from giving
/I* 11 which in a few
s helpless people
.,v.-' ;*1 swept away entire
breath of the fiery
I** liberality on
JTnmne,SlT fear, will prove
a great ittHrKi’rrt of snf
empty to inculcate, in
V of giving, and
ol,r substance,
I-*- fSI dlerers by tins dire
an ‘l helpless infancy,
women—appeal to us for
S|Vfi ngs which speak more plala
f, jßnage. Let us liceii their cry.
lie mndu in every church
u‘l, s well as in oilier public places
county, so that every one may luive an
opportunity of contributing, no matter in
how slight degree. Let no one refuse to give
upon the miserable plea that it is a visitation
of Providence upon the wretched city, for
flagrant violations of His law Who are we
that judge? If the divine retribution were
meted out to us for our transgressions, might
not our condition be worse than that of the
unfortunate citizens of ChicagoV We say
again, give, give liberally, for the relief of
I hose who have been the victims of this dire
misfortune.
Found Guilty.—The trial of Gen. Bow
erman, formerly a custom house I'flicer, at
Baltimore, indicted for embezzling U. S.
funds, was concluded on Saturday last—Hie
jury bringing in a verdict of guilty. He was
remanded for sentence.
Major J. L. Hodge, the defaulting paymas
ter of the U.S. army, who was tried by court
martial recently, and found guilty, has been
sentenced to lie cashiered, forfeit all arreara
ges of pay and Allowances, and to bo impris
oned at bard labor for the term often years.
Ttnr penitentiary at Albany, N. Y., lias been
designated as the place of ids imprisonment.

Tint Southern Magazine.—This excel
lent periodical, published in Baltimore city,
by Messrs. Murdoch, Browne Hill, at $4
a year, lias special claims on Marylanders for
support. It is a successful effort to build up
in our Stale a magazine of high-toned litera
ture, which shall lake the place pf the flashy
and frequently immoral publications which
have for some time past flooded the land. In
selecting a magazine, subscribe for it.
Case Removed.—The case of Mrs. E. G.
Wharton, the alleged poisoner of General
Kclchum and Mr. Eugene Van Ness, in Bal
timore, bus been removed to the Circuit Court
of Anne Arundel county for trial.

New Census and Patent Laws.— We
arc indebted to Muun Co., publishers of
the Scientific American New York, for aneat
little bound volume of 180 pages, entitled us
above. It contains the complete Census of
IH7O, allowing Hie Population, by Coun
ties, of nil the Stales and territories, with
their Areas, and the Population of the Prin
cipal Cities. Also the new Patent Laws in
full, with Forms, Official Rules, Directions
how to obtain Patents, Copyrights, Regu
lations for Trade Marks, Assignments, How
to Sell Patents, etc. Also, a large variety of
valuable information relating to Water-
Wheels, Steam-Engines, and other mechan
ism, with many useful tables and recipes, 175
diagrams of Mechanical Movements, etc- We
advise everybody to send for it as above.
Price, 85 cents. A more valuable compen
dium, for so small a price, lias rarely been
published.
Local Affairs.
Alarming—Rather. —Ou Monday morn
iug, between nine and ten o’clock, some of
our people were made sensible of manifesta
tions similar to all recorded experiences of
earthquakes, by the shaking of their bouses,
&e the shuck being accompanied by a rumb
ling noise, lasting, perhaps, for half a minute,
and not unlike the roaring of a chimney. It
was at once ascribed to a commotion among
the internal arrangements of old Mother
Earth. The telegraph, however, subsequent
ly announced that at about Hie hour named,
an explosion of 800 kegs of gunpowder took
place at Dupont’s powder works, near Wil
mington, Del., causing a veritable shock, and
giving rise to the belief that it was an earth
quake- The shock was felt in several places,
some of them at a great distance. In one of
Hie public schools, in Baltimore city, it crea
ted quite a panic among Hie children, though
it does not seem to have been regarded there
as an earthquake, but was attributed to Hie
rapid generation of gas about the furnace.
Notice to Housekeepers.— We would
advise housekeepers, who are now “getting
ready for Hie winter,” and those youthful
i lovers who have just embarked or are about
[to venture unon the sea of matrimony, and
I?ovpi'i4*e feel an interest in evovytbing per
taing to housekeeping, to call at the estab
lishment of Richard Armiger, No. 135 North
Gay street, Baltimore. Ilia stock of house
keeping goods is Hie most complete in the
city and embraces everything necessary to
good housekeeping—all of the first quality
and at lowest rates. Dealers would also find
it to their advantage to examine Ids stock
and prices. Look out for ids advertisement
next week.
Needs Repairing. —A correspondent
complains seriously, and with reason, of Hie
miserable condition of the Bel Air and Balti
more Turnpike. Ho says
How much longer will we be compelled to
travel over Hie Bel Air and Baltimore Turn
pike and pay toll The road is almost im
passable—in fact dangerous. What is Hie
remedy? There is broken stone piled up
along the road Hint lias been there for Hie past
four years, to my knowledge—a positive ob
struction to travel—and which should have
been placed on Hie road. I for one have paid
my last dime for toll, unless the road is im
proved.
New Store. —As may be seen by adver
tisement in our paper this week, Mr. D. W.
Taylor is about to open a new store, near
Perrymansvillo. His stock will lie ample, of
the first-class, and sold at Hie lowest rales.
Tlie accommodating disposition of Hie pro
prietor will ensure him a liberal share of the
patronage of Hie neighborhood.
Fair and Festival.— Attention is direct
ed to Hie notice of a fair, to commence on
Tuesday, Oct. 34th, at Vernon M. E. Church.
We are assured that no efforts will lie spared
to contribute to the enjoyment of visitors, and
a good time may therefore he expected.
A Premium of $35 was awarded to Mr. E.
J. B. Whitaker, of Harford county, at the
Maryland Agricultural Fair recently held,
for Hie best quick draft gelding.
CJ oiiiixi vmieatioxia.
i
Harford Co., Oct. Oth, 1871.
Mr. Editor After your lucid and com
prehensive statement which accompanies
the card of my colleagues on the late Ex
ecutive Committee, and which is published
in your paper of the Oth inst., little is left
for me to say that would bo of any impor
tance or have any bearing upon the sub
ject under consideration. The paragraph
which reads as follows, evidently written
in rather an unamiable mood, perhaps
ought to lie noticed by mo
Yon and Mr. Walsh were zealous sup
porters of Judge Maynadier; wo as decid
edly preferred Ids competitor. We do not
question your right to judge and act asyou
think proper, tint wo do claim that as Dem
ocrats and as men, each of us has in the
party and the community us fair a stand
ing for intelligence, impartiality and con
scientious discharge of duty ns either Mr.
Walsh or the Editor of the JEgis"
In reply to the above, I will observe that
the preference was always acknowledged
and understood. The right to “judgeand
net” was always supposed to lie naturally
unquestioned, and the claim, as men, to
equal intelligence, impartiality and con
scientiousness in Hie discharge of duty
was never disputed. As to Democracy,
that is, as to fidelity to the principles of
the Democratic faith, let us be judged by
our acts, and not by our declarations, and
let the People be the tribunal that shall
pass judgment upon the equality of our
claim, as supporters and defenders i f those
principles which Democracy has ever aim
ed to perpetuate, as the only safeguard of
the liberties of our common country, and
to its verdict, I will, if against me, most
humbly bow.
It may not be amiss, as the opportunity
is here presented to do so with propriety,
to disabuse tlie public mind of a be
lief which an effort bus been made, with
what degree of success I cannot say, to im
press i' with, that because I was opposed
ton radical change being made in the mode
of selecting candidates, necessarily deeply
affecting flic entire organization of the
Democratic party in the county, unless the
party declared in an unmistakable manner
that such change was desired; and believ
ing that Hie proper mode of ascertaining
tlie true wishes of the party was by a con
vention direct from the people, and not
merely by instructions or recommendations
emanating from a Committee appointed
for no such purpose. For not acquiescing
in the views of tlie majority of the commit
tee as to its powers, I have been erroneous
ly charged with being opposed to all or
any change in the mode of nominating can
didates which was said to be so obnoxious
to a majority of the party in Harford. I
said then, and I now reiterate it, that any
change tlie party in this county may desire,
when the wish to do so is properly express
ed, no one will yield a more ready obedi
ance to than myself.
My action at the meeting of the Execu
tive Committee held on the 6th September,
for tlie purpose of receiving the returns of
the primary election, as far as stated in the
card of the Committee, is substantially cor
rect hut it omits to allude to tlie distinct
and positive, and I may say honest, decla
ration I made, that my course was actua
ted by no feeling of hostility towards Mr.
Watters, tlie favorite candidate of a major
ity of the Committee—who was present at
the time—but unpleasant as tlie duty was,
I felt compelled to object to tlie reception
of tlie mutilated returns from tlie 4tb and
sth districts, because it was imperatively
necessary that no precedent should be set
that would, in tlie future, render it an easy
matter if followed for dishonest, corrupt or
partial Judges, atsuccccding primary elec
tions, to make just such returns as would
suit their own purposes. The answer at
the time to tills, by one of the members of
Hie Committee, was, that perhaps we may
never again use this system for making
nominations." 13ut I perceive by their
card that the Committee, two of which are 1
members of the Executive Committee just
elected, are still in favor of the Crawford
County System,” and as there is, it they
are correct, a probability that it will be
continued, I am the more satisfied that the
position I assumed was the correct one.
It is, Mr. Editor, exceedingly disagreea
ble, at any time, to be obliged to differ
with gentlemen whom you respect and es
teem, and with whom you may be associa
ted in any trust, it matters nut of what
description, To me it would have been
far more pleasant and gratifying iff could
have acted in unison with the majority of
the Committee, but as our sense of duty was
so different this pleasure was denied me;
That they, the majority, acted with an hon
est purpose, I have no reason to doubt, but
as to their action having been of such a
character as will conduce to the harmony
and to the ultimate advantage of the Dem
ocratic party, recent events give cause for
apprehensions that the result of it may be
seriously disastrous. If such should not be
the consequence of their action, none will
be more gratified than
Your obedient servant,
Joun Carroll Walsh.
Dublin, Oct. Oth, 1871.
Mil. Editor The white men of Mary
land have selected the Hon. Win. Pinkney
Whyte us their candidate for the gubernato
rial chair, and they could not have made a
bolter selection. Mr. Whyte is one of lhe
host statesman we have, lie is well quali
fied in every respect to lie Governor of our
good old State, and is well calculated to make
one of the best Governors that we have ever
had. Ilis high-toned social manners and ur
bane, gentlemanly demeanor, have endeared
him to ids fellow' citizens and rendered him
one of the most popular men in our State;
ami lie will heat his competitor at least twen
ty thousand votes. Mr. Tome will find af
ter the election that Ids claims on the Gover
norship will lie returned to bank protested,
bearing on them the broad seal of Demo
cratic Condemnation; for we are not yet
ready to give the control of the affairs of our
good old State into the hands of the negro
party, as we have seen specimens of the
beauty of nigger rule in many of our unfor
tunate sister Stales in the sunny South, where
thieving carpet-bag Yankees and ignorant,
half-savage Africans, trample the just rights
of the high-born, educated and refined south
ern Caucasian under their filthy feet.
And we have good reason to believe that
those disgusting scenes that are enacted in
the Southern States by those pure, undefiled,
loyal thieves and niggers, would lie re-euact
ed here, if we gave them the power to do so
but we don’t intend to do any such tiling, for
we are going to vote the White Man’s ticket
without split or division, and elect both our
State and couuty officers by a majority that
will make the wool and ivory faction hang
their heads in sullen disappointment. We
calculate that we can manage the affairs of
our State for a while longer without the aid
of Den Butler and ids nigger cohorts.
Maks.
WHAT I SAW AT THE CATTLE SHOW.
I first took a look at the cattle, and saw
more line Aldcrncys than I had ever before
seen together—the largest herd on exhibition
being that of Mr. Ricman, of Baltimore coun
ty. Mr. J. Howard McHenry, also of Balti
more county, bad a large and very tine herd
of Alderneys.
Gov. Bowie exhibited bis fine herd of
Devons, and Mr. Brown, of Carroll county,
also had som# line cattle of tills breed. Hon.
John Mcrryman exhibited bis fine herd of
Herefords, for which is claimed the quality
of early maturity and fine beef. Mr. Coffin,
of Prince George’s county, had on exhibition
Ids herd of Durhams, which for size and good
condition cannot be surpassed liy any Unit 1
have ever seen. Mr. Pannell, of our county,
exhibited sdimHHne working oxen. -The
display of sheep and hogs was very tine, there
being more of them than at any former ex
hibition, and an evident improvement in
quality. I regretted the absence of the fine
stock of Col. McHenry, of our county. The
display of poultry and fowls was larger than
usual, over a hundred coops being present,
all in a well arranged house, built for this
special purpose. There was also a large num
ber of horses entered, many handsome and
valuable animals, and the trials of speed
made it interesting and exciting to all.
There was also a large and valuable dis
play of agricultural implement and machin
ery, some entirely new, others greatly im
proved, by tlie judicious use of which, man
ual labor can be greatly lightened. I was
sorrg there were not more farmers present
to seo and examine them. In connec
tion with lids department two automatic
gates were on exhibition, patented by gentle
men of our county. In the household de
partment, which was very large and hand
somely arranged, there was a tine display of
vegetables, apples, pears, grapes, canned
fruits, also many kinds of machinery of the
lighter and finer make, such as sewing and
knitting machines, all working finely, giving
the lookers on an opportunity of judging of
the quantity and quality of the work done
by each. The knitting machine being both
new and good, attracted more attention than
any of the others. In the same building there
was a very large' and line display of fancy
work, done by the fair ladies, among which I
noticed some very handsome quilts, hearth
rugs, mats, tjdies, children’s clothing, .Un
mans, slippers, &c., and embroidery work in
endless variety and beautiful style. 1 must
mention a'gipsy hat, for style*aud beamy not
to be excelled, made by a Maryland lady, the
material being entirely corn husks.
I also noticed samples of manilla and the
ramie plant, prepared liy machinery invent
ed by a Marylander, ids process leaving the
fibres of these two valuable plants in better
condition for the manufacturer than any oth
er now known. The ramie is a plant indi
genous to Southern countries, and a mate
rnal prepared from the bark of it makes an
excellent substitute for cotton. It is while
and soft, and resembles silk rather than cot
ton iu its texture. The plant, or tree as it
might be called, requires about two years to
attain sufficient size to remove the bark.
East in this department, though not
least, was a large and beautiful collection of
flowers, foliage, plants and dwarf evergreens,
enough to fill nil the green houses iu our
county.
Looking at all these pretty things, and at
the same lime listening to the music of a fine,
full band was quite a treat, and if you tired
of this and wanted rest for a weary brain, all
you need do, was to look at the bright and
joyous faces of the happy children aud hand
some ladies. Agricultukb.
FRIENDSHIP M. E. SABBATH SCHOOL FES
TIVAL.
The Festival at the Friendship M. E. Sab
bath School, held on the 28th ult., was an ex
ceedingly pleasant affair, not only to the pas
tor, teachers and scholars hut also to the
friend? of the school who were present. The
exercises were opened with prayer by the
Kev. J. C. Hagey, which was followed by re
marks from that gentleman, aud also from
Dr. Robert Dickey. After singing a hymn
an adjournment took place until 1 P. M.,
and upon re-assembling, an interesting and
instructive essay upon Sabbath Schools was
read by Mr. Simeon Spicer.
Then followed the regular opeuiug address
by Aldworth Slade, and we must say that wo
have never heard a more eloquent address by
so young a speaker. It was listened to with
marked attention, and upon its conclusion
the speaker was made the recipient of n beau
tiful bouquet, and expressed bis thanks in a
prompt aud suitable manner.
Then followed declamations, recitations
and dialogues, interspersed with beautiful
singing by the school. Many of the speeches
wore humorous, although every one inculca
ted a good moral.
Upon the conclusion of the exorcises the
school marched, headed by Rev. Robert Bol
ton and Dr. It. Dickey, to n tabic in the grove,
which was tastefully set off' with the most
palatable confectionery and delicious ice
cream. After singing grace, the children of
the school ns well as all others present par
look of this most bountiful treat.
Much credit is due to the* superintendent
and his lady, and to all officers, teachers and
persons connected with the school.
Fallstonian.
THE GREAT FIRE AT CHICAGO.
One-Quarter of the City Laid in Ashes.
Fearful Loss of Life and Property.
100,000 SVimuis Homeless stud
\va I bon I Food.
A KEROSENE LAMP THE ORIGIN
OF THE DISASTER.
THE FIKE SATURDAY NIGHT.
The city of Chicago, Illinois, has lately
been the scene ol the most disastrous fire
that has ever occurred iu this country, and
one that is unparalleled, perhaps, in the his
tory of this devouring element.
It is not a little singular that this great
lire should have been preceded by another,
also of most fearful magnitude, there hav
ing been, apparently, no connection be
tween the two.
in regard to the first of these terrible vis
ntaf ions, c learn that about 11 o’clock, on I
Saturday night, the Haines broke ofit in a
planing mill, and before they could be
checked had burned over four (docks, leav
ing only four or five of tlie houses iu the
burnt district uninjured. The fire was not
arrested until 3or 4 o'clock Sunday morn
ing.
In this fire one woman is known to have
perished, and upwards of $200,000 in prop
erty was swept away.
THE CROWNING DISASTER.
The fire of Saturday night, terrible as it
was, in tlie destruction of property and the
turning out of house and home of hundreds
ofunfortunate families, was as nothing com
pared to what followed.
The citizens of Chicago were yet weary
with excitement under the effects of a fiery
visitation on Saturday night, which swept
away four blocks of buildings and involv
ed a loss of $300,000, when on Sunday
night, about nine o’clock, the alarm was
again sounded. No one imagined that a
fresh disaster of even so great extent as
that of the night before awaited the city.
The new fire originated in the western part
of the city, and in the course of two hours,
during which the efforts of the already over
worked firemen were completely baffled,
the flames spread over several blocks, and
taking the course of the wind, made a path
of fire in a northwesterly direction through
the central part of the city.
The flames continued to rage until about
3 o’clock Tuesday morning, when a heavy
rain fell, aided by which the fire was got
ten under control.
About one-fourth of the city is now but
a heap of smouldering ruins, the loss of
property being estimated at two hundred
and fifty million dollars.
AN APPALLING LOSS OF LIFE
lias undoubtedly taken place, but the num
ber who have perished can only bo conjec
tured.
The following brief account is made up
from the reports of those who witnessed
the awful scene, and fought the flames
throughout;
THE ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
Late on Sunday evening a boy went into
a stable on De Kovcn street, near tlie river,
on the west side, to milk a cow, carrying
with him a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over by tlie cow, and
the burning fluid scattered among the straw.
Tli is was the beginning of the great fire.
Rapidly tlie flames shot from house to
house, and from board yard to board yard,
having meanwhile crossed tlie river north
of Twelfth street to the south side, and
made for the brick and stone business
blocks, the railroad freight depots and
manufacturing establishments. The full
extent of the danger was now realized for
the first time.
The wind blowing a stiff gale had pos
session of tlie flames, and the beautiful,
bindings, Chicago’s Glory, laid before them.
Three-quarters of a mile of brick blocks
were consumed as if by magic.
The air was filled with live coals, which
were hurled to north and east a besom of
destruction. Fire engines were powerless
for saving. All that the men could do was
to blow up buildings, but this availed but
little
QUICK DESTRUCTION.
It seemed that no sooner had the flame
struck a wall than it wont directly
through, and a very few minutes sufficed to
destroy the most elaborately built struc
tures. The walls melted and the very
bricks were consumed. The wooden pave
ments took fire, making a continuous sheet
of flame two miles long by a mile wide.—
No human being could possibly survive
many minutes. Block after block fell, and
red-hot coals shot higher and higher, and
spread further and further, until the north
side was a vast sheet of flame from river to
lake.
FLIGHT OP THE PEOPLE.
Now was to he seen the most remarkable
sight ever beheld in this or any other coun
try. There were from 50,000 to 75,000 men,
woman and children fleeing by every avail
able street and alley, to the southward and
westward, attempting to save their cloth
ing and their lives.
Every available vehicle was brought into
requisition for use, for which from SIOO to
SSOO an hour was paid, and the streets and
sidewalks presented a fearful sight. Thous
ands of persons and horses, inextricably
commingled poor people, of all colors,
shades and every nationality, from Europe,
China and Africa, mad with excitement,
struggled with each other to get away.
SCENES OF DISTRESS AND DISTRACTION.
Hundreds were trampled under foot, men
and women loaded with bundles and their
household goods, to whose skirts were
clinging tender infants, half dressed and
barefooted, all seeking places of safety.—
Hours after they might have been seen in
vacant lots, or on the streets far out in the
suburbs, stretched in the dust. These arc
the suffering lambs whom Christ calls on
the rich world to feed and clothe. God
help them, if the heart of man should prove
obdurate. One of the most pitiful sights
was that of a middle-aged woman, on State
street, loaded with bundles, struggling
through a crowd singing the Mother Goose
melody, “Chckery, chickery, cranery crow,
I went to the well to wash my too,” &c.—
There were hundreds of others likewise
distracted, and many made desperate by
whiskey, which, from thirst, they drank,
in the absence of water, in groat quantities,
who spread themselves in every direction,
a terror to all they met. It is fearful to
think of the
LOSS OF LIFE.
It is conjectured, with good cause, that
near five hundred have been burned to
death.
AWFUL SUFFERING.
The suffering on Die north side is heart
rending to witness. Fifty thousand men,
women and children are huddled together”
like so many wild animals, and in other
places seventeen thousand Germans and
Irish praying for relief; helpless children
asking for bread; heart-broken parents,
who know not which way to turn or what
to say, and nothing to do but await the
distribution of supplies, which, at the best,
must be a alow proceeding.
There are parts of the districts, over
which it is almost impossible to
present, indeed, harrowing scenes; women®
in the pains of child-birth, and patients*
who have been moved from beds of sick
ness to save their lives, were all exposed to
the rain of last night and the cold raw
winds of to-day. Several deaths have oc
curred at Lincoln Park, and three women
have brought children into the world only
to die. There are people who, in the bit
terness of their souls, ascribe the calamity to
OOD’s JUDGMENT.
Each train and extras arc loaded to the
fullest capacity, taking the people away,
who in many instances have no place logo,
yet they cannot stay here, and every train
is obliged to leave five times as many pas
sengers as they take away.
In the midst of this terrible scone two
men were discovered in the act of setting
lire to houses. They were immediately
taken and
HANGED TO LAMP POSTS.
Every effort is being made to relieve the
sufferers. The city council of Baltimore
lias appropriated SIOO,OOO for tlie purpose,
and generous subscriptions have also been
made by tlie merchants liv.vl -others of Bal
timore. All over the country meetings are
being held, and money and provisions owrl
lectcd. It is feared, nevertheless, that much
suffering will take place before suffleiant
relief can be afforded.
-m*
WE KNOW thiU lor cleaning paint, window*, chlnaf
und ghcsswaie; I.r polishing knivcS, tin, iron, brass
and coppiT ware*, and for removing stums from marble I
and p.urolaii*, and rust from machinery, Enoch Morgan'*
Son's Siipwlioi* t he Lost tiling iu Hie.*
M ARRI E D.
DEMOSS—HOW ARD.—On Sunday even
ing, Oct. 15th, atC o’clock, P. M., at the res
idence of Mr. John Hollingsworth, by Dr.
F. Marion Hawkins, JAMES B. DEMOSS
to Miss LOUISA HOWARD, both of Jeru
salem Mills.
GEORGE—FOR WOOD. —At tlie Msi
deuce of the minister, Bel AirjMd., 7th Get.,
1871, by Hie Rev. A. 11. Greenfield, IRA
GEORGE to Miss MARY FORWOOD, all
of Harford county, Md.
ADY—TREADWAY—On the 10th inst.,
by Rev. J. Roberts, LEONARD ADY to
Mrs. MARTHA TREADWAY, all of this
county.
DIED.
LONG.—On the 14th of September, JOHN
11. LONG, only son of Henry Long, aged
22 years'and 3 mouths.
They have laid him sadly down to rest.
The c dtl, damp earth on his bosom pressed,
W hen sighs are heard and hitter tears are shed,
Thou art sleeping, dear John, with the early dead.
Then sleep, dear John, in thy early tomh,
The tloweis of summer >vr thy grave shall bloom,
The lonely night winds o’er thy gmvo shall sigh,
While thy young soul soars tar above (he sky.
He left this world of euro aud pain,
To reign with Clod above,
1 hope in heaven to meet again
The one I fondly love. I. K. 15.
Religious ftei vuios in Bel Air und Vi
cinity.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15th, 1871.
Christian Church. —Near Clayton, Rev.
F. Marion Hawkins, M. D., pastor. Service
every Sunday morning at 11 o’clock.
Methodist Protestant. —Bel Air 10} A. M.;
Mount Carmel 3 P. M., Rev. John Roberts.
Mount Tabor 10} A. m., Door Creek 3 p. m.,
Rev. J. L. Straughn.
Protestant Episcopal. —St. Mary’s, near
Bijnnorton, 11 A. M., Rev W. F. Brand.
Emmanuel, Bel Air, 4} P. M., Rev. W. E?
Snowden; Rock Spiring, 10} A. M., Rev. \V.
E. Snowden. Trinity, Churchvillc, 11A. M.
and 71 P. M., Rev. E. A. Colburn.
Presbyterian. —Bel Air, 11 A. M., and
7 P. M.,Rev. Henry Brown, of Detroit.
Methodist Episcopal. —Bel Air, 10} A. M.,
and 3 r. M., Rev. Mr. Berry.
Friendship—Class Meeting, Oct. 15th,
29th, at 10J a. m.; preaching, Oct. 22d, at
3j p. m., Rev. Samuel Alford prayer meet
ing Sunday and Wednesday nights, at 7
o’clock.
Roman Catholic. —St. Ignatius, Hickory,
ou second and fourth Sundays of the
month, at 10} A. M.; St. Mary’s, near
Clermont Mills, on third and fifth Sundays
of month, at 10} A. M.; St. Francis’, near
Abingdon, on first Sunday of each mouth,
at 10} A. M., Rev. P. F. O’Connor.
BALTIMORE MARKET*,
Corrected Weekly by
Wm, H. Michael Sons,
Grain aiul Produce Commission Merchants
ISS McEldorry's Wharf, Baltimore.
Cold 114%
Livb Stock—yieef Cattle—lnferior... 2 00 2 75
good 270 3 20
Prime to extra 3 75 (<y ft 02
Sheep—common to lair 2 00 (a) 3 (K)
Lamb* 2 00 (i 0 3 00
Pish—Mackortd, Nos. 3 to 17 50
Labrador Herring 0 00 7 00
Flour—Super 0 70 (q) 0 20
Extra 000 (a) 7 37
Family 7 00 8 50
Rye Flour -1 70 0 25
Corn Meal 1 SO 1 85
Grain—White Wheat 1 46 1 75
Hed Wheat 1 35 (a) 1 75
White Corn 80 83
Yellow Corn 75 77
Gate—by weight 49 (a) 51
Rye 90 1 00
Mill Feed—brown stud' 20 22
Middlings 35 40
Hutter—Good to choice 30 35
Wool—Good to choice, washed CO 70
Unwashed 40 4$
Hat—Timothy 32 00 30 00
Seeps—Clover 000 0 02
Timothy 326 (a) 3 60
Clover Hay 20 00 (a) 23 00
OfttStraw 20 00 (a) 21 00
Ryo Straw, straight 21 00 22 00
Potatoes —Irish—now per bus’l 55® Csc
Peruvian Guano 75 00($
Pacific 50 00
Patnpsco Phosphate 50 00
Bone Dust 40 00
Trust what Time has Sanctioned.
The maxim that the voice of the people is the voice of
the divinity may in some cases, bo open to doubt, but
the testimony of honest and enlightened witnesses exten
ding through a series of years, und nil to the same pur
pose, is worthy of credence, admits of no question. Up
on such testimony the reputation of Hostetter’s Stom
ach Bitters as an antidote and cure lor many ailments
is hosed. During the twenty years that it has been be
fore the world, innumerable preparations Intended to
compete with it, have gone up like rockets and come
down the extinguished sticks. Meanwhile the progress
of that Incomparable tonic has been swift and steady—
always upward and onward like the eagle’s flight. Its
introduction produced a revolution in therapeutics, and
it proved to bo one of those salutary revolutions that
cannot go backwards. To*doy Hostetler’s Bitters is one
of the most popular remedies in Christendom, aud com
mands a larger sale than any other medicinal propara
tion, domestic or imported, on this side of the Atlantic.
As a cure for dyspepsia, bilious disorders, nervous affec
tions, general debility, and as a preventive of epidemic
fevers It takes precedence of every other remedy. This
fact should teach the ambitions country dealers who
endeavor to foist their local abortions on the public in
its stead, how futile their small attempts to cajole the
community mutt necessarily bo. Whore the gamo fish
have failed there is no chance for “suckers.”
For County Commissioner.
Mr. Editor: Please announce BENJA
MIN STANDIFORD, ns an independent
candidate for County Commissioner, for
the First District.
Public Sale.
''IMIE subscriber intending to quit farm
-1 ing, will sell at Public Sale, at his res
idence, near the Hickory,
On Tuesday, October 31st, 1871,
At 10 o’clock A. M., the following
PROPERTY,
viz;
1 pair large well-broken Mules, G years old,
1 good work Horse, 3 Patrick Henry Colts,
one and two years old, 1 two-year old colt
by Nick of the Woods,” 5 Milch Cows,
one of them fresh, 15 head of young Cattle,
1 Sow and Pigs, 0 Hogs, 8 Shoats, 1 four
horse Wagon, 1 two-horse iron axle Wag
on, 1 one-horse spring Wagon, top Buggy,
2 Sleighs, Hay Carriage, 1 one-horse thresh
ing Machine, 1 Montgomery Wheat Fan,
1 Woods Mower, 1 wire tooth Horse Bake,
1 Buggy Tongue, 3 sots Single Harness, 4
sets Lead Gears, 3 sets Sleigh Bells, 1 Sad
dle and Bridles, Plows, Harrows, Cultiva
tors and other
Farming Implements,
IGO bushels Wheat, 135 barrels Corn, 300
bushels Oats, 300 bushels Potatoes, Lot of
Turnips, 15 tons Hay, 4 tons Oat Straw, 10
acres Fodder, 800 gallons pure Cider Vin
egar, 30 barrels Cider, 13 acres Wheat in
the ground, also
Moll and Kitcta Furniture
Beds, Bedding, &c., lot of Poultry, 3 Hives
Bees.
THUMB OF BALK. —AII sums of $lO
and under cash; on sums over that amount
a credit of six months will bo given, upon
purchasers giving notes, bearing interest
from da-v of sale, with approved security*.*
k _. john
FAIR AND FESTIV^r^
r 8 HIE Ladies connected with the Vernon
JL M. E. Church, propose to hold a PAIR
AND FESTIVAL, at that place under the
sanction of the pastor, Rev. T C. Hagey,
for the benefit of the new church not yet
completed commencing
On the 24th of October, 1871,
and continuing for several days. The pub
lic are respectfully invited to attend.
MAGGIE B. PARISH, Sec.
FALL ANf WINTER GOODS
Biarf/ains Btaryains
AT
West End Store.
JUST receiving stock of GOODS suitable
for the season, which are being disposed
of ns low, if not lower, than they can bo had
outside of the city of Baltimore, consisting, in
part, of
Muslin Detains, Black and Colored Alpacas,
Opera and Water-Pro<)f Cloths, Calicoes,
Flannels, Muslins, Braids, Edgings,
FriUings, Under Shirts, Cloves,
NOTIONS,
INFANTS’ SCARFS and VEILS, dr.
CLOTHS CASSIMERES,
Men’s, Women’s, Boy’s and Misses’ LACE
BOOTS; HATS for Boys and Men. Also
Sap, Coles, Teas, Spices
SOAPS, CIGARS, TOBACCO,
and many other articles.
WM. BOUIDIN.
Strays.
Harford County to wit:
I HEREBY certify that Benjamin F. Car
roll, of said county, brought before mo,
the subscriber, one of the justices of the
Peace for said county, this 28th day of Sep
tember, 1871, as Strays, two white SOWS,
without any ear mark and three spotted
male SHOATS, trespassing on his enclos
ures, from tho 15th day of July last up to
the above date. Given under my hand.
B. LEGOE.
The owner or owners of the above des
cribed Sow and Shoats is requested to prove
property, pay charges and take them away.
octO BENJ. F. CARROLL.
Twenty-five Cents Reward.
LEFT the subscriber, on the evening of
October 4th, 1871, a bound White ap
prentice ,named MAGGIE O’NEAL. Tho
public are warned against harboring said
apprentice, as the law will be rigidly en
forced against any person so offending.
O. M. WARFIELD.
Darlington, Md. octO
JARRATT SPENCER.
We tho friends of the above named per
son, place before the people of Harford
County his name as the People’s Candi
date for tho Sheriffalty we will give our
reasons hereafter.
Many Voters.
\\T ANTED—By an experienced Teach-
Vl er, a situation as Governess. Refer
ence given, if required. Address 11. R. 8.,
Forest Hill P. 0., Harford Co., Md. se29
Six rnonUia
jjPivk Horses, flltockaway (ferriage Vvjfi
PLw, 1 set Carriage Harness, Saddle un.r***
bridles (new) 1 new Sleigh, Sleigh Bells,
ii’;w Buffalo Robe, 1 Sow and Pigs, 2 fat
Hogs. Also salt Herring and Shad, Pota
toes by the bushel, Oats and Hay.
Household and Kitchen Furniture,
consis-jng of a splendid full suit of Parlor
Furniture (Walnut) covered with green
re)), elegant ingrain Carpets, Stair Carpets
and rods, Rag Carpets, two splendid Wal
nut Book Cases, Chairs, Tables, Cook Stove.
1 Oriental Heater, Coal Stoves, Lounges,
Clocks, Lamps, and many other articles too
numerous to mention. All these goods arc
almost new.
At the same time and place I will sell
my entire stock of
Drugs and Drug Fixtures,
suitable for a first class Drug Store—the
fixtures suitable also for a Notion Store.—
These consist of Drug Drawers, Shelving,
Glass Casing over shelves, splendid Show
Cases, Tromer’s Scales with case, Counter
Scales, Cork Presses, Tobacco Cutter, Writ
ing Desks, 45 gallon Coal Oil Can, large
lot Tin Cans, from one to ten gallons, Demi
johns, &c.
The Medicines are pure and fresh, and
are contained in ground stoppered, salt and
tincture jars, from half gallon down to four
ounce. The jars and bottles are of the la
test styles, having mushroom stoppers, and
all nicely Labelled. Here is a chance for
Druggists who have not a uniform run of
jars and bottles, to furnish themselves—a
chance for Farmers to get medicines for
stock; in fact a chance for everybody, as
we have a little of everything that every
body wants.
I,' HEREBY certify that John
Harford county, brought before me, .no u
subscriber, a justice of the peace in and for
said county, this 29th day of September,
1871, as strays-trespassing upon his inclos
ures, three SHEEP, two of them with horns,
and the other a Ewe, with a black mark on
the left side of the face. Given under my
hand,
JAS. A. FULTON.
The owner of the above described Sheep
is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take them away.
JOHN STREETT, i
octO near the Hickory.
the" weed
Family Favorite
Sewing Machine.
The undersigned, agent for this deservedly
popular machine, will attend to all orders by
mail or otherwise. He has constantly on
hand a complete assortment of Needles, im
provements, &c. Machines furnished on
trial and instructions for operating given with
each machine sold.
WM. G. JEFFERY,
octl3 3in Bel Air, Md.
*THEA-NECTAR
Is a Pure BI a c kTEA.
ranted to suit all tastes. For sale
everywhere in our ‘‘trade mark”
pound and half pound packages
only Atlantic 4k
for Then-Nectar Circular. ooJ^Kv
halt the delicate and refrcahuß L
genuine Farlst
W ater, and to
uitublo is
tl. mun. 'Bold by hru^si? 1
and Dealer* In PERPUMEBYr\^
ADMINISTRATOR’S NOTICE
THIS IS TO GIVE NOTICE, That the
subscriber has obtained from the Reg
ister of Wills of Harford county, Md., Letters
of Administration on the personal estate of
SAMUEL 0. ALLEN,
late of Harford county, dec’d* All persons
having claims against said deceased are here
by notified to exhibit the same with the le
gal vouchers thereof, on or before the
ith clay of October, 1872,
or they may otherwise by law be excluded
from all benefit of said estate.
All persons indebted to said estate are re
quested to make immediate payment.
Given under my hand and seal, this 4tb
day of October, 1871.
LEWIS E. ALLEN,
oclG Administrator.
Waterwheel,
Mill Gearing,Shaftm£&?ulley^
'—SLIiQrORA CIRCULAR—^
J