cree tart v8 PRESIDENT THIERS.
FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE.
EREVAN PIvVERING TID MEAaSAGE—TIE N=
alte Re Ty i
ponrieaN yl ATIONS—=H1HOW TIE MESSAGE IS
IN
I¥EOM A LEGULAR CORRE SFONDUNT OF THRE TRIBUNE]
Paris, Dees S=At lereth the ereat day has
artived, and M. Thiers, after he tating for three days,
has pronoun eed his first Presidential Message. The
most noteworthy fact about the longexpected docpment
yo that it fills ten columns of this morning's Newspaper.
There is noth ing—or ext to nothiug-—- that 12 pew in the
Message, snd 1 doubt if at will in the slightest degree
sffoct the Bourse, that trustworthy iudicator of the im
portance of political events. It is hardly necessary to
cay that yesterday was a great day at Versailles. The
Note des Pas Podus, as the lobby outside the theater
1+ which the Chamber sits is calied, was crammed with
deputies, and even w Ah journal ~ts, whom even the irate
NM. Baze, who looks after newspaper men, had uot
the  Leart to, expel, as fhe has done before.
There was not a htile excitement about the Message,
A rumor was cirenlited, at the last moment, that the
1 ading of the Jong-expected document had been put off
vit to-day, and there was not a little grumbling from
tuose who bad come down specially to Versailles in order
1 heap M. Thiers, Soon, however, our hearts were re
wed ‘by the entry of Madame Thiers and Mi'e. Downe,
the President's ssler-indaw—a sure sign that the Mes
sce was to be read at once. At 2) o'clock, M. Grevy, the
most undutmously reélected President of the Assembly,
¢octarc ds stings open, i nd ther, after having thanked
the Asscmbiy for recleetmg hin opr side over them,
be announced that the President ol thie Republic had
possesion of the Housel”
M. Thiers scemed in geod health, to judge from the
wort poner i which Le wounted the steps which led to
the tr wane or pulpit from which all speakers have to
a lress tle Assembly, He took Lis time before he be
can fo toad, playing with Lis manuscript and carefully
spreads Lis white pocke t-hapdkerchie on the ledgo in
font of Lim, something after the style of popular
preactors The first part of the message was merely a
Yoo ctton of what every one in the House and out
Cfo know already, viz, the suceesstul conciasion of the
voor tors with Goenmany relative to the payment of
ton ten ney anh the evacuation of all but six depart
ment bro was materially, alas, not woerally, at
Je rer, fon good terms with all her neighbors, Then
2oTiloors come to the Treaty of Commerce with Great
poor and this cased the Deputies to give especial at
von. Afr enteising the manner a which the
tooaty was toreed  mpon the country by the
Popre, Mo Thiors went on to give an account
Cth ne cotter s whic lo had been begun on the subject
Cththe Cutanet of St James, Taking occasion to again
ononeee tat Le still adhered to Protective doctrines,
AMOTloors stated that, nevertheless, he aud bis ministers
beth oon nnnions that the treaty should not be wholly
al gated, but that it should ouly be revised. To this
4 he had proposed that, while pothiug should be
hc eed on the custom duties on tron, coal, chemical
prod te, glass, pottery, and products of umupixed wool,
te tar ff <bound be raised from 3d per cent to 5 per cent
or cotton, Ben, ond woolen yarn and webs; and with
vera to those of mixed cotton and wool he proposed to
tee she tariff from 121018 per cent, Ts latter charge,
SOOT) ers expladned, would really only fultill the inten
toa of the ornanal negotiators of the treaty, bee
Cow ow notte fraudulent declarations which {to
tones Mle practically to prevent, these goods
ct nel, in fuel, pay mere than half as
1 ax they should do. Encland, M. Thiers
coud ta iter neh delay, whine: he hunted was® not
«oir viontal, decline to accede to these propositions,
Doar se Yer refusal ona question of principle, viz: That,
cL aa te tani te be rarsed world be to ake a step
Yoohward, aud render Lozland the accomplice of the
fost industrial nation on the Continent wm a retio
syle po beve Ome cannot help thinking that, in plain
1. 0 <b John Bull meant Uy this talk about principles
tthe Ld not intend to ake a conoession without a
td
corsidorati ne that YM Thiers wanted concessions on
the prt ol Groot Britali, Be mast be prepared to grant
east ogi) Concessions to Great Britain on the part of
1 p
M Thiers bos Indeed ot best to give notice of the ter.
tooateom of the treaty nest Fol raary, with the intention
Oho neng negotiations without delay for a new one,
Tos be Yas ape tne to dog as a year must elapse he
tor cco bher panty ceases to he bound by the old treaty.
Pott tress win Bustand were exeelient, he said.
Ge annenn cment that the treaty was to terminate was
roooved with iond and projonged cheering, Here M. Thiers
fo Te appertonty fo speak once more of the relations
of Proanoe, or rather of his goverment, with foreign
counts os Mis potionizing allusion to Belginm and
Sotzeriond struck us as a remarkable specimen of arro
once. The Swiss can probably be left to take care of
themselves, as they have a far better army than France,
Voit of wus hardly necessary to be told that France in
tends alwavs to respect the independence of Belzium,
Vo Loo er i= to aunex Belgium, one thing 1s very certain,
ft i< mot to he France, at least uot in M.
Lhiersts lif tame, Mr. Washiimrue in the diplomatic box
poust Lave fot sarpeised, Haney, at no allusion being
poade to the United States, if only on account of Chicago,
MOTH oaght surely to Lave said sometlung about the
Lited States.
r~
fhe next part of the speech, relative to the Prefects
appointed by the existing Government, was very badly
teocaved, as iis generally considered that M. Tulers has
shown a ~ngilar aptitude for placing the round wen in
flee pare holes, and the Assembly, Right and Left, wis
evidently angry at los taking credit to bins If for what
every one cis loudly Planing him for. 1 need not
dwell on who followed chont the budget, as we already
woow everything that Mo Thiers told us. What we wanted
to know —how the newiyzinposed $70,000.00 worth of
toxes were working was jast what the President did not
to ne Then M.Toiers came to the question of military
ety ee a torrioly amportant one in France at the pres
ent dur he showed that he stuck to his old connce
toons, and cont not brng Limself to believe in the neces.
sv of universal wlotary services for all Frenchmen in
toe of peace as well as in thine of war, and here M,
doers, asic too often Lis custom, wade use of the device
of gutting up a man of straw, and; then
t Line credit to himselt for a viciory over
1 efiv. The advocates of universal
po hitary service 1m France never said, ag M., Thiers pre
to nded, that all Frenchmen ought to serve in the army
time of peace is well as on war-time, but that al) «ble
Londo Freeh aitizens ought to pass through the army,
witch 1s a very different thing, The allusion to the
quortenng of the army in hats apd camps was badly re
coved, ae at ds ntensely unpopular both in aud out of
te army. However, we nay well follow M. Thiers's ad
vio, and ler the army dione for the present, M., Thiers
wound up is message hy a good and a bad point. The
good pont was bis! declaration that he left all con
stotitimal questions to the Assembly itself. The bad
one was los repetition of his continually renewed offer
To Tesh M. Thiers does not seem to be able to cou
Cede a single dwportaut speech without offering to re
wom. Methinks the lady doth protest too much.

i
Asi Zut Lave helt [9 LI) ted, M. Thiers has 80 care
fully absten ed fron waking any allusiou in bis Message
to any of the many questions which agitate political
porte hero, that Little fant is, on the whole, found by
the LEW spars Lore tor what he said, although uany
are angey woth bin tor what be did not say. The Journal
des Debats driendly to M. Thiers) says: “This Message

Castner, studied, detatled document. It will, there.
fore, bee neh eniniersed. Tn snuilar questions people
tov regard matters from different points of view, but in
pr 2 Aas Ral PT SRA ua PT Pr a TY Taner
mtervene, and when the final decision
to not
of the
PIHESIDENT TMIERS ON THE COMMERCIAL RELA
1 TIONS WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
uel frow the Eternal Cry.
The following is a translation of that portion
of the Message delivered on the 7th just. Wy Pregident
Thiers to the French Assembly, relating to the commer
€ial treaties with Great Britain:
“In leaving io existence all the tariffs relating to fron
w0dd trom wolk, to oils, chewical products, glass dh CTy&
I, Jove, woolen stufts, fresh or salt flshfYor the
Viciater part of our trade, in one word, we have only pro
Jone to recover in the modest proportion, now of three
ver cent, wgain of five per cent, our rights concerning
tread and cotton fatwics, ren, and Mil As for those
wool mixed, whic: have made to: Ry the prodi
us fortune of Roubaix, and which unfortnpately ada
ECE TO IIR TIcLeR, we have roo nired anes ty an ele:
ao ukiz WV I= per cent, aud Laese modest oltopat.ons
ins AW
wo have reanieed Joea for the pirpoas of obtaining A
rea! merease mn the existing tariffa than to msuro their
thorvongh application, In pot of fact, by tha falso
Ad oelarations made im (he Ciustom-Houses, the tariffs aro
vedueed from 3 Uo 4, and even 5 per cent, in such a way
(hit the ineroase now asked would only have the real
effect of rendering correct tho application of the tariffs
of 1260. Such has been Jurely and lay iy
woposition made by us to England. ‘ae profor,
3 es have sak! the denunciation of the Fereaty
of 1860, because, like yourselves, we desire to ro
triove the freedom of our commerelal relations. Bat,
with the utmost good feeling for cordial relations, wo
consent to remain in a condition very inconvenient for
us, provided that <neh a situation does not tend to kill
our pring pal industiies, our manner of opening nego:
tintions was so natural that it, could have pravoged at the
fir<t 1ush only a favorable reception, Tay also avy
that the first negotiations of the Mimsters o England,
both in Paris and in London, enabled us to obtain, if not
a certainty, at least the hope, that our propositions
would be accepted. Little by little, meanwhile, the cir
cumetances have shown thenmelves loss favorable, and
pearly year has passed without a positive
answer, so that the lapse of time is altogether
disadvantageous to ns. If wo had notified that we would
uhrogate the treaty of 1860 in the month of February
last wo would to-day have been on the Joint of be
coming free, for itis DACeusary that A Yur should elapse
between the dgnuneiation and the abelition of the treaty.
For the reason that we have given we have lost about 10
months; and even to-day, from thomoment when we
have expressed the formal wish te repeal the treaty, it
has been necossary to lose a whole year hefore recover
me our liberty in trying to obtain a positive answer,
There bas been opposed to uy not a question of tariffs,
but an argument of principle. We have been told with
nll the courtesy which has always existed ou both sides
in this negotiation, that England, in acceding to our de
sre, would Avent to ubandon her principles,
sud to lend herself to a backward step on
the Eh of the chief indnatrial nation of the Rout A
“This reasoning has not convineea us, If, at bottom,
the treaty had been only injurious, one could have reas
oned after thas fash on; but such an ohjection when
three objects only relating to our textile industries are
in question; when iron and ig Jrodtucta oil chemical pro
aus, and the greater part of the mattors composing
ont Exchange uuderso no alteration, such an objection {8
altogether at issue with the nition of affairs, Is it,
then, without an object that Tt ad beon determined,
alter an existence of ton years, the question of the treaty
should be considered Was at without an ohjoct that ar
ticle 21 of the treaty had stipulated that, after ten years,
the tariffs should be roviseddt It os nad that
the treaty should always rew un untouched; but shen the
stipulated reservations wonld have been vainly inserted.
We titist remember thal we employ our incontestable
tight. und that we use it moderatoly in demanding that
the treaty of 1560 should be, not abandoned, but merely
modified. Here, then, is the point to which we have
been actually brought, which is comprised in our power
to negotiate, but which will not be altered if you do not
approve it—it is to denounce the treaty, while
consenting to negotiate one whole year Ati
in such a manner that the notice will take
date from to-day, both that the time to be lost
during these new negotiations shall not be lost for us
alos, and that {t be taken during the pending year, that
the treaty shall town in action after our notice. ‘Thus
the question still remains of the abrogation, ov the simple
modification of the treaty. Oar political relations with
England will be also as ameable as in the past, aud our
tariffs will remain precisely as they were except upon
the points which have been on our pari mattera of ohjee
tion, Certainly we may say no negotiation could have
been conducted with more moderation, more love of
peace; and no mg rtinl judze of Earope, even in En
gland, will thud it possible to conden via conduct,”
MIECIAL TREATIES W (TH GREAT BRITAIN—
a
TY Ta a ae
NLW ITALY.
——lieee
MORE ABOUT THE POPULAR ENTHUSIASM —WITO
ARE THE DISSENTIENTS INTERNATIONAL TELLE
GRAPIL CONGRESS,
[FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNT.
Rose, Dec. 3.—The manifestations of joy on
the part of the Italian people over the mstallation of
both King and Parhament in Rome have not yet entirely
subsided. While the now capital was rejoicing on the
27th ult, all the provincial cies, linng with flaunting
banners and lighted with lamps, were hkewise engaged;
md the telezraph brought many addresses of greeting
aqid fellcitation to the sovereign and the old city restored
1 it gecular capacity. Probably tew nations have ever
experienced tie like strong and thrilling emotions as
those with which Italians have just solemnly and offici
Cally received tneir fair land back into their own Keeping
certainly their revolution has heen unique. Now that they
possess a couutry, the very fiest question they themselves
pt 4s What will we do with it 7" —ind readily the an
SWOT i2 also given by themselves: “Work hard to imn
prove it and ourselves Yet, of course, there have been
and there are exceptional abstentions from the ceneral
Jublidation. Here nu Rome, and to a lesa degree elsewhere
in the peninsular, the most conspyciong wembers of the
nobility and the most ignorant ¢lasses of the people have
takon sides with the Pope and the Charch against the
King aud ther conntry: and fidelity to the Pope is very
ostentationsiy  displaved by the  confraternity
of priests both in their newspapers and pulpits,
while the new order of thins and persons 18
put under han of excommunication. Many belong fo the
Pope's party because they have suffered io their inter
ests; others have suffered slights from the present
authorities, and have thus joined the enewics of aly;
others have tacked themselves to the Vatican through a
regard for the old Pontitl, on account of henefita received
at hig hands or through a love of the fat places enjoyed
at his Court. These are passing causes, and are of a
nature to disappear. There are deeper and stronger
ones, and they consist in the powerful influence which
the priests still exercise over tuaid consciences. Thanks
to the exclusive domination of priests for sneha long
time, the word excommunication 1+ still a droad reality
to the mind of most Itahians, even to the muny who
Ligh at it, It has been a dread inherited from father to
son, and continnally fostered in the confesstonuls; en:
lightenment will remove it hy degrees. All that the
priests are now able to do with the timid portion of the
community is to extract money from the pockets of the
latter aud stipulate a few to petty acts of spite, Never
theless, such hostibty 18 very much feared hy the
national leaders, and they are at present extremely
anxious to appease the wrath of the priests by compro
wise or conciliation for the time being, white leaving
with confidence the task of the future to the future. This
i= the policy that will prevail, for the Italians as a rile
are very moderate, and not edueated to extreme ideas,
The partisans who acknowledge Garibaldi and Mazzing
as their leaders, however, ery aloud daily for the sup.
pressgon of all the religious orders in Rome and the
expitlsion of the Pope and hia Cardinals,
The Parliament has elected its President and geere
taries and duly gone to work in the new buildings
erveted for it, The members: of the Chamber find thew
hall ot Monte Citorio very uncomfortable just at present,
because the fixtoares forilhminating and warming it have
not yet been got futo operation. The delegates, there.
tore, are compelled to discuss matters with their hats and
overeoate on, owing to cold weather, and at 4 p.m. they
have to adjourn for the want of Hght. These nconveni
ences, as well as others Seniliig from a bad arrunge
ment of the Committee-rooma, will be soon remedied. It
in decided that no great measure of reforin, whether as
regards thy financial or religious questions, will come off
hefore the Christmas holidays are over, Already Vietor
E nague! bas delopiningg to leave for Tarin in order to
pias there the coming féte; hein to leave this evening
snd the royal Princes will remain here to keep Court,
The King i= not comfortable at Rome at all; the priests
add that the air of Rome is bad and will prove unhealthy
for all the buzzrori, or new coIners, go of the Daprities
have also left. The talk ahont the Pope's leaving 13
yearly at au end. That he remains in the Vatican is
regarded as a triumph for the nation. Pius IX. is in very
feeble henlth, and walks about very little and is un
stendy on bis legs while in motion. His principal pastime
1s reading the clerical knzettes, and joking now and then
with the visitora who still come to be presented to him
from all parts. In his younger and stronger days bil
1 ards were his favorite amusement and he was wont to
play for hours at a timejwith his guaydis nobili. Although
always a punater, he never indulged in the trivialities, or
bu ronate as the Ttallaus say, of lila predecesors. Gregory
XVI. had hia Cardinals to juep abont and roll on the
crass of lis gardens after the apyoved fasion of Court
buffoons and during the lopk nter evenings they had
to xo through in the Vaticad with many ludicrous games,
such as lotteries with ridiculous prizes, tournaments of
facetiousuess, ete,
On the 1st inst, the Tuteruational Telegraph Congress
assembled here. Their sessions were inangurated in the
hall of the €onservatori, at the Capitol, by a speech of
Viccouti Venosta, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, All
the European Governments—the telegraph snd posts
being in their hands—are officially Sojuvgented in the
Assembly by the chief directors of their telegraphic lines
and the object of the meetiug seems to be to discuss mod
itlentions of the present systews and to obtain uniformi
ty of rates and several service. The last Congress was
held tn Vicuna, three years ago, and on its adjourninent
it voted to reasseiuble at Rome--then, as it were, central
territory, They have come to Rome just in the nick of
High Wtuess the act pfiialy takiug possession. So far,
the sessions have been taken up with formalities but, as
the consultations will last several weeks, there will be
ample tiwe for work--and good work, it 1s believed. The
city authorities are very Hua; *howiiy the raid Congress
men every attention, and huve provi oul, DOL only accom
modation in the Capitol, hut private ehatiug-liay! on
the first floor of the Hotel de Minerva, with breakfast,
dipner, refreshinents, stationery, newspapers and re
views, ill at the city's expense. Moreover, three festive
enterte'ninents are to be given in honor of the occasion.
S¥ilewtiy, the municipal ddoa is that our og into the
family ol tle Great Powers carries with it high duties
und Tespousl bilities. Jue Italian Director of Telegrapha
is the President de facto of the body, which is com
posed as follows Janco Efend) end Izett Effendi, repre.
sentatives for Turkey; Br. Briudstrom, Sweden
Uiaden and Z Radoycoviteh, Bervia; Mr. de Luders,
Russia Prince GLikg, Rovmania Valentine Evariste De
ego, Portugal W. Btaring, Holland; Nielson, Norway
Rutodo, Jupah Raluchis, Greece; Messrs. Chapman,
Robluson, Allan Chsmber, Zuglava Allaud, Frauce
Hippollto Aranjo, Marquis de Montewar, Spaiv Levy,
Denmark Vinehent, Bolgiuw D'Arg, Hungary Brun
ner de aaivie Ausitie De Bjoiu, Wurtembery Gum
bart gBAvatia; ol. Meidan, rmany. America does
not ie oug to the society. An international urigan and
peruguent office with clerks is Bop! in’ Berne, Bwitzer
land. Several represcutatives of Euglish private cown
panies are here on their ewu scoot, but having no
vote will mot take part in the decisiodls, and will only en.
terinto the discussions by way of conanitatton. Prow)
nent among this class is Sir Satnge Anderson, of Great
Eastern” fame. He ia President of the Mediterannean
Sulbmaritig ue to Egipt, and egnnected with Jubif
other hnedWhose interests he has come here to watch
Over... You know Lie left the seas for the telegraph busi
Ness gitor the laying of the first Atlantic cable, and he 18
tnuunced now by Guluputcht persons to be very pro
sovereign (ster 15 clearly reserved. We
remark with satisfactation that today's sit
tuk proses us debates but pot dissensious.”
Tae Liberte, Girgrdin's paper, Ciberal conservative)
omeson org editorial thus: “M. Thiers scents danger:
Pom anxious to gan a barbor. Will he reach it 17 The
Godot, the cleverest Bopuapartist paper, says: The
Momsage is of no great importance. It will not wake the
founds rise or fal); it will disturb no one’s sleep; and if
11 vas more pplauded by the Left than the Right, it was
bo cause the Left began by applauding aud the Right by
smialing. At bottow, all’ things considered, it leaves
tines ax indefinitely ppovisioual us ever.” The Temps
(L'wral and Republican, is angry with Thiers for hav
inp declared against obligatory wilitary service, which
is one of the pet schemes advodited by that journal
Ine Ked papers take very Mttle notice of M.Thiers's
Message, except Wo complain of no mention being mado
of the Commuulst prisouers, who are still uutried and
tmprisoned on the bulks. The clerical papers are of
course angry that M. Thiers has not promised to send an™
wrmy to Rome at once, in order 10 eject Victor Emau

cient in the management and Sul/stroesigp telegraphs
Aud cables He proposes, itis rumored, 10 pot aown
cable frow Brindis, to jAtexancria for fhe accommoda
Hon of Lhe Taian Government, Rt an expense of $1,540,

y ape the Coanpany
hava

NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1871.
APPEARANCE OF THE BURNED DISTRICT—THE
PROBLEMS OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY—THE
METHODS BY WHICH RELIEF WAS SUPPLIED
—RESULTS—THE INDEPENDENCE AND SELF
RELIANCE OF THE APPLICANTS SUSTAI NED—
MANY NEED NO FURTHER ASSISTANCE.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE GREAT (CHARITY.
[FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.
C1nicaGo, Dee. 15.—Pictures of current events
are valuable statistics are great helps and able pens
have described the extent and horrors of the Chicago
fire but though I had seen all the illustrations, stadicd
the statistics, and read the picturesque letters of Horace
Whito aud Fred. Law Olmsted, which rewind me of De
foe in the winuteness of their details, when drove yes
torday over the burned district, I fourd I had not gained
from any or all these sources of information a ything
like a real impression of the fearful, terrible work of the
great tire. The ablest artist cannot give you at a dis
tance an Idea of the vast space which has been burned
over, and on the greater part of which not gven riins
aro loft, but only insignificant ash-heaps, where
before whole blocks and miles of houses stood;
while old landmarks, known to the occusional
visitor to the city, are in many cases, entirely
obliterated. Of the Sherman House, one of the
largest hotels, for instance, not even u vestige of wall is
loft. In fact, no description can take you wu detail over
the burned city, or Impress upon your imagination a de
struction which extends not over acres, hut miles; and
the limits of which your eves cannot take in from any
one point in driving over the charred plain, which still
gives out that odions and indescribable «mel which
comes from the butiing and smwouldermg ruins of human
habitations,
WHERE TO GO APTER REVIEWING TNE SCENE.
It was a terrible blow; but Chicago has not losthits
prescuce of mind; and when you have driven about
among dreary miles of ash Leaps when you have seen
dozens of costly elmrehes and other public buildings
whose walle nee still standing, with their interiors so
thoroughly cleaned out” that the fire has hardly left a
trace of its OWN presence except 1n the bhstered and
cracked outsrde walls: whin you have seen the ruins of
block alter block of the most costly dwellings in Chic
cago. at the North End, where masses of tangled and
nalf-melted gas und water pipes, and perhaps the haae of
a heavy clinnney stack, are the only remains, except a
charred lawn, in the midst of which the house stood; when
vou have passed huge piles of hardware melted togethor
and tit only for the furnace; aud have seen even the
burned fences and monuments in the old grave-yard
which i4 a part of Lincoln Park and—what touchedf me
as mich as any sight in my drive, the broken pots and
kitchen nteusils scatteryd among the burned graves,
whieh mark spots where the poor people brought their
few housebold goods, aud camped among the graves, nnd
were doven away even from this Just place
of refuge by the relentless fire=—when you
have seen aud taken an all this, uid return
col amd discouraged to your hotel, ns did, and
overwhelmed with the nnpres<ion of the tremendons loss
and discourngement of this blow, Ladvise you to do as 1
did visit pext the barracks where the honseless poor
are lodged, the reliel stations where they are fed and
clothed, and the headgnarters of the Relief Committee
in Standard Hall where the great work of relieving want
and repatring loss 18 organized, and from which at is
directed and admmmnistered. Yon will return enconraged,
brightened, cheered, and proud that yon are an Aweri
can, the countryman of these fatthful and imdomitable
men and women, who have stood hy the ship, and with
many sacrifices of business, leisure, and money, are heip
ing the suffering nud disabled, and with the best kind of
help, that which helps meu to belp themselves,
fret
0
CHARACTER OF TILE RELIEF AND AID SOCTETY,
The admint<tration of the Large fund which has been
raised for the Chicago suff vers has fortunately fallen
mito the hands of a society chartered and organized like
the New-York sSocdety for the Rehef of the Poor— the
Chicago Bedef and Awd Society. This body, which is
Fequired to make an annual report to the City Council,
and whieh hud for some years the charge of the sufforing
poor of the city, had for atsfdirectors a number of the
ables and wore pubtiespirited citizens, Tt had a small
body of men trained to (he work of relieving satfering,
and it is now administering its laree trust with, as 1
wean to show in some detail, remarkable ability,
wisdom, nnd thoroughnes<, It must he remem
hered that the fire left a great population
over 100,000 persons—not merely homeless and withont
shelter, hut, in the greater nnmber of eases, ab=olutely
without food, almost without elothing; thousands hav
ing not even time to dress themselves before leaving
their burning houses; withont money, or tools, or em
ployment, or the possibility of getting them. So sudden
and complete was the deprivation that in some cases
men of great wealth were compelled to ask the Relief
Committee for a #hirt, a coat, or a meal of victnals, A
former member of Congress was, I was told, thus in
dented to ehiity for a coat and shirt, and I heard of
other eases equally strange. OF course, food, cooked
and uncooted, and clothing, came almost at once,
and were dealt out to the suffering without loss of time,
but next ime the money which was to provide for the
future —for the Winter which stared 100,000 homeless
poor in the face.
After some hesitation the Mavor, Mason, handed over
the relief fund, and the whole business of aduorinistering
it, to the officers of the Chicago Relief and Ala Society,
which promptly sceepted the charge, It will give you,
perhaps, an idea of the confusion which existed when
this was done, to mention that when the Mayor sent
to standard Hall, the headquarters of the Society, the
sin of between $00,000 and #00000, which had heen sent
on in bank notes—checks or drafts being useless at first,
a4 all the banks were burned—Mr. Geo. M. Pullman, the
inventor of the D'ullman cars, who had heen appointed
Treasurer of the fund, had this pile of woney deposited
on the top of a piano in the bui'ding where the Society
hastily established itself, and vith two other members
mounted guard over it, until, alter sone search, a safe
was found to lock it up in.
ORGANIZATION FOR THE GREAT EMERGENCY.
The work of administration was put into the hands of
an Excentive Committes,fof which Wirt Dexter, a prot.
nent lawyer, is Chairman; the other members are Col,
C. G, Hammond, T. W. Harvey, T. M. Avery, Geo. M,
Pullman, Henry W. King, N. K. Fairbank, Die. H. A.
Johnson, and J. McGregor Adams, Comnnittees on shel:
ter, receiving supplies, distributing food aud clothing,
furmshing employment and transportation, sanitary
measures, correspondence, &c., wore formed; and thus
the work was organized.
Supply and relief stations to the number of eight, T
think, were set up in the proper quarters, rude board
structures, water-proof and sufficient the burned dis-
trict was divided into subdistricts, and posters and
bandbills in German and English informed the people
where they should apply forfaid. The following haudinll
will give you an example of this subdivision:
Cuicaco
RELIEF AND AlD SOCIETY,
DiTnicy Ny, I.
TRRKRITORY:
THE ENTIRE NORTH DIVISION.
T. CHAMBERLAIN, Superintendent.
SUDAN T. ao, 1
F. KR, Heywoop, Buperintendent.
All of the teriitory lying north of North-ave.y
O% ce and Depot at the intersection of Wells and Clark-sta,
All persons in this Sub-District requiring aid will apple at this office
SUB-DIST. No. 2.
D. W. Ricaarpson, Ruperintendont,
All of the territore Irving =outh of North ave
Office ant Depot 1 the corner of Redgwick and Divison ste
All persons in this District requiring aid will apply at this office
No person will receive aid frow any office but that of the Bub District in
which be resides. 0. C, Ginny,
Gen'l Bupt. of the Distribution of Sapyplies.
A person in want having been directed by the above
handbill where to apply, appeared at the office. If his
case was evidently urgent, his immediate needs were
supplied but his name and address were at once entered
on a slip. These slips were laid in pigeon-holes, for the
local visitors. These, each taking a regular and small
beat, went oyt to examine and report upon the actual
wants of the appheaut. They take with them the
following blank
Name. Hare they ny property now 1
Present revifencs, Were they dusuted For what
Forwer revidence smount!
Nationality. (In what Company?
Present occupat.on 'Are they receiving ail from any
Former occupation source
Rate of wages now received. Do they want workt
Marriod or sugle. (What kind
Number of clidreu, {Have ther apy relatives bere or
Toelr Ree. eloewlere!
How many attend school! Are their relatives fn condition aud
How many children are enployed 1 disposed to aid thew! vgn
W Lat in their occupation 1 To it a suitable family to be seut out
Total income of family per week! of the city y
Were they boroed out) [Are they willing to go!
Had tuey any property, persousl or
real dl
Visitors whl write ic full upon back [of (his sheet any additonal io.
formation that wey be ebtaived.
The local visitors’ reports arast once tabulated; those
applicatjons which they rejeet ave lald aside for re
exgmination, if the applicant demands it; aud the recom
mendations are acted upois, by giviog to the applicants
such checks ne these
CHICAGO RELIEF AND AID SOCIETY, a
CURICAG, co eeesee Ceinegereeeen dT
HEDDING
To Clothing Department
ESI Mle css enis snsvanesioreisstreeesiseee cevaprreivirrrrreiiven
coeee Natt oases, vo wo Comfurtables,
I PRL LL ety
Fe
aluing st
rm
dlaits

Matt ages,
alerts,
oo} aun fortailes,
pedi iwecnacy.
veshive Lick
CHICAGO.
IR.DIST No
CTICAGO RELIEF AND AID ROCIETY
CHICARD,..ovvvrnnn 187
WOMRN'S WKAR,
To (lothing Department.
IDRYTET Bhyseeeroecenn is conanetessisssssueruniassssssss ITITTIIIT
Residipg 8b. atE rsp evs Fes EI INNS srt IIE oes
vee. Dress voor Shawl Bovpet, LL. W rAnpars.
wees Skirts Nacks vers Night dreasea,
wie
vee.
i Chemise.
id Drawers. Aprons.
Towel slippers
“ee vere
And similar forms for boys, girls, and men.
For food, the following is a copy of a printal order,
which entities to a week's ration tor a family of, i (his
CASE, KeVER POraons:
Form B.—8. 7. (This means 8h Dec. 7 persons
CutoAuo Krier axon Amp Soc IerrY,
Cutcawo, 10
aver to
2 uiiiiariineaisinasssisiiiin, FERRED ‘ee
Reading at oooeneoooos
To Storekeeper:
re Pen 21
20 Ih Flour. veee Ib Meal,
ooo Maal Prk
or wn] 24 perks Potatoen2} fh Rice. 2M Soap.
81 Frosh Beel—
ees Nea. 2 1h Coffee, 2! Mh Snzer, 20 hard Appts,
i cmt tot ta lbont vial rit
20 th Flour. coee Ib Mead, coc doAves Bread... 1 LIACATTS
ip Sat Pork, C94 peeks Potatorn 2) th Rice, 2 1h Soap.
81 Frosh Beef)
ver. INTen. 2 1h (Coffue, 2! Sanger, 21 tard App!s,
Naperint nlent LLL Disiriet,
AIELTERING TIE HOMELESS,
Thus you will see that, after proper and vind examin.
ation, every netual want was al once supplied, and the
family was clothed and had n week's rations. A«most
of the sufferers wore honscless, barracks were hasiily
erected, and 1,400 families still live In these frame strue
tures. They are long rows, divided into rooms, each
about 14 by 17 feet in area. A family occupies one of
{hese Toons 3 cesspools and privies— tho latter separated
tor men und women—connected with the sewers, are at
hand; hydrants at (he end of each row furnish abundant
water: ventilation is cared for by a large, opon space in
the ceiling, allowing the bad alr to pass into another
space above. Through this hole runs the stove pipe, for
each family has a cookingstove, and cooks
ita own ration. These quarters are vigilantly policed
the children are sent to school if they have no employ
meat, and the able-bodied wen are required to work,
and to make a return of the number of days iu each
week in which they have carned wages. II aman has
worked three fall days, his ration is cut oft for the fol
lowing weok., If less than three days, something (but
not a full ration) is supplied. If a man reports that ho
cannot find employment, he 4 sent to the Committee on
Labor, who pace him. If no work is ready for hiw, he
i« sent to the wood-yard to saw wood, and if he ia an
idler, he disappears from there, and 14 no moro heard of.
Meantime the work of building houses goes ou very rap
idly. A large proportion of the suffering people ownod or
lensed the lots on which their little homes stood. In such
a case the man applies to the Shelter Committee, and if
his application 18 approved by the local visitor, he re
ceives at once nan order for the materials marked on the
subjoined slip, a copy of which he gets for his own
guidance:
SHELTER COMMIT I'EE.
16 feet
8 feet high,
Door.
DIMENSIONS,
Hizhtof Jider.uonnns feet
stada, 16 inches from cenbers.
MATRILIALS.
axle
Lo
0 pes ied
Stoeds.onoes
Jot for two
Bafers.......12 pes. 2xd 19
I'lates& Ridge pes. 228 20
Nlteeiosinsa open dnb 0
Gurders... 6 pes 2xd 16
Nides....600 eet 3 ft. boarls
Floor 400 tt matehe d boards
Floor Ace
Po feet tongh boards
Roof, 40 ft. common bosrds
10 feet long
Part tion, 200 0 dressed and
wate bed hoards, ft long
Batteus. 85 pea. 3 {1 long
Tw Doors and Frooes
Door Trimmings,
Three W indows and Prames,
glared, &e
1 104 Naile 1h In nd
12x16

Nil Thal Nuals
Loch lems Lois aalvanizged iron chimney, ant felt paper ling for
inside walls
Abvady 5s Gen seh onses ave been built. Tf a man is
a carpenter, or can bud for binself, he does it, If not,
competent person as sent, and the owner assists, Hueh
a house as is shown in the dingram costs, with two mat
tresses, nn No. 8 cooking-stove and fixtures, a bedstead
and bedding, three chairs, and a table, all complete and
delivered, $125. Numbers of agents of patent portable
houses hastened to Chicago, to offer their contrivances,
but departed unable to bring down the cost of su'
ticient house to as low a point as this, Most of these lit
tle houses are set, by the owuers, en the back of their
lots; ao that in more prosperous tines they mav creet
simitable and barger structures in front of then, Where
the visitor reports a man able to pay for a lionse, pay is
exacted; many, 1 hear, give ohlizations to pav at a futnre
day; but, of conrse, the mnititnde receive their dwell
ings asa gif,
HELPING THOSE WHO HELE THEMSELVES,
Hooving now fed, elothed, and housed a famiiy, some
other wants «till remain, A woman or girl has lost her
sewing wachie, Sacha person makes appheation in
the followime printed form:
CHICAGO RELITF AND ALD SOCIETY
COMMITIEL OF SPECIAL RELIEF
Cpe op rue Mea Cor. Wabash-ave, and Habbar! Court,
CHICAGO, ae, N=
Apr hieation is herehs made lu behalf of o.oo oo... A sewing woman,
Low iain at cove, who states that she owned sewing ma
chine, which was Jostroved by the five. that she anderstunds the use of
such wachine sn! wonld he aide to cont hate largely to her awn sup
port ff sie coud l obtain a sew mncttie, aud she os destitute of means
to purchase a machine,
CHeaao, oo... 177.
The nudersizoed ie aequa ute! witli the dbove named Luanna.
and believes her to be a devon peso and that the tacts ahow
stated are correct,
If the loca! visitor reports favorably, she receives a
machine on the following terms: The machine costs $0,
The company sell it at 40 per cent discount to the Relief
society, which makes the net cost $36. Of this the So.
ciety gives outright $20, and the sewing girl or woman
gives her obligation to pay §16 out of her esrnings within
Avear. Over 30 sewing-machines have already been
kiven ont on such terms; abont 50 per day are now dis
tributed, and a considerable proportion of the women
and girlehave already repaid the loan of $16 out ot their
earnings, In a similar way wechanies, who have lost
their tools, are supplied with fuch as they absolutely
need to follow thelr oceupations. Applications for money
recerve nspecial and searching investigation, and the
application wust be made in writing. For money for
rent, an equally rigid investigation is made. The food
ration for each family 13 for a week, In the bhusket con
taining it, a card is placed, on which is printed in German
and English:
“You now have a week's ration for your family: and
I can receive no wore tll one week from this date,
ut this food where it will keep dry aud in good order.”
At fiat, of course, nota fow were Lmprovident, and
ran out of food before the week wasover. In such cases,
they receive, after investigation, a part of the ration for
the remaining term, with a warning to he more careful,
The cou! ration is for a month, It was forescen that
there must be cages which would not come under any of
the departments I have described. For instance, a poor
woman before the fire Kept a boarding-honse, If she
could he rei‘stablished, she could earn her own living,
give employment to one or two servants, and supply
homes to a number of unmarried workingmen, her former
hoarders. She has fouud a house, bur has no furniture
and it is plain that a small sum would here be well laid
out. For such cases, the gift of Mr. A. T. Stewart of
New-York has been reserved; and from his $50,000, a
epecial committee, having her case approved, advances
her perhaps $756 worth of furniture, This Stewart fund
16 used chiefly for the relief of working women and girls,
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT—NATIONALITIES OF RUFFERERS.
Finally T come to the medical department. A medical
stufl was organized by engaging ut $50 per month each
80 physicians who had been burned out, to act under the
orders of the head this department. Dispensaries
and hospitals were tily run up, and In cuch sub
district the destitute are publicly notified where to apply
for medical uid. During wepk before last 6,000 persons
wore healed by the w.odical corps, and last week the
casos were 30 per cout less than the previous week. Dis
peusaries supply the wedicines gratuitously, and so
thorough and able {8 this service that there has been no
epideinie; there has been but one death in the barracks
umong 7,200 people, and at one range of barracks which
I visited I found the hospital empty. The whole wedical
corps meets daily for report and consultation,
A census of the dependent population has been taken,
from which the following Qetalls of origin will perhaps
interest you There have been 18,478 families relieved.
If you conut five to a fuwnily, and I found 13 in one family
in the barracks, and seven vach tn several Instances, you
ket a total of 92,3% persons, This excludes single per
sons wid these who Lave been sent away, as. I under
stand 11 Of Lhe persots rellovod, 7,200 are Germans, It
Wak the Garman quarter which mfered most from the tice.
There are 8,500 Trish 2008 Scand navians 1,74 Awog!
Calis, S50 Lugliah, 195 Scotch; 204 Bolictulans il
HOUSE WITH TWO ROOMS,
Colored: (88 Franch, and 23 nationalities are reprossnts d
among tho dost te,
among tho dostu ute.
GENERAL RESULTS
To permanently house a family of five, inclaling
necessary furniture, cosis $125. The weekiy fool ration
for a family of five, costs $1 98, which is 1033 than =X
centa per day for coach poraon. The fuel ration for the
sane 00413 $112 per wook. Thus for 83 10a family of five
1s warmod and fed,
There are fortunately no soup houses nor public baker
fax; cach family cooks for itself, and the cooling-stove
warms the house, or room in the barrack, [It results
that the women and girls are busy cooking, washing, and
ironing: that al' are made provident by having to man
age their own weekly ration; and that I saw in the
burped quarier not a single idle person, ¢xecpt afew
boys, who were playing, it being after school hours,
Every kind of help is delivered at stated hours; a tole
graph conneeta the headquarters in Rlandard Hall with
every depot and office of the Bociety, 80 that when one
applies for relief, he has not to run about to get what he
wants, He may go home or about his work, confident
that relict will come at once: no time is lost by the
agents of the Society, who communicate by telegraph
and at headgnarters, every evening, a tabulated report
ahows what hasbeen expended during the day, for what
purpose, at each station; a3 well as the sanitary condi
tion and the comfort of the whole population receiving
rolief. So completo is the system, that during the recent
severely cold weather only ono cas: of frost-hite oc
curred, and that was to the child of a drunken mother,
who neglected it herself. There is no idleness, that I
could «en; drunkenness has actually and considerably
dcerensed; crime and offenses against the mw have—30
Mr. White of The Tribune assured me—decreased; we
morality has been successfully guarded against; and
what seems to me of the utmost importance, the self
respect of the people 1s not touched. They are helped to
belp themselves. The Relief Society i3 not making
paupers. Every weck families become self-supporting,
and are struck off the lista. The vigilance of the local
visiting agents, who are salaried men, is constantly on
the alert. At one supply sfation nearly a third of the
applicants for relief had been rejectod. Wherever a man
has work the ration is discontinued if he will not work
he gets nothing, and sawing wood in the Society's wool
yard is the final test of his willingness,
NOTABLE FEATURES—THE PLOPLE BECOME sUir sop
PORTING,
The notable featnres of the system which has been and
ia s0 entirely satisfactory soem to me these:
(1.) All the subordinates and agenta are paid, and may
therefore be sinnmarily dismissed, and must rigorously
obey orders, (2.) The whole system rests upon the con
atant vigilance of the local visiting agents, upon whose
report all supplies are ziven out. These visitors have
Camall beats, and make several reports daily, (3) The
women and girls are kept hnsy at their housekeeping,
and the employment committee sets the men at work,
Thus idleness and improvidence are disconraged, and
the ration being for a week, each family mupist manage
its own supplies, (4) The telegraph savds all mane: se
lps ol Yims (5) Daily and Tavulated reports enable the
Executive Committee to keep their whole work in baud,
and to meet every emergency. (6) Independent fnspec
tors, person: of prominence in society, continipily p
spect the whole work of the paid agents, and make
independent reports to headquarters. (7) Fioally, all
is pervaded by an anxious cave that the people shall not
hecowe dependent or June apd that while all hpi
be comfortable, evérs family <hall feel the absolute
necessity of becoming independent. It results from this,
Lig, that I found the people everywhere, in the bay
vnbka, cheerTul, and making the best of a hard lot, ex
pecting pressatly to have a home aygl Appr thew
wives, Of all T spoke with, Itound but one YH
<he was a native of Luxemburg, and when sid found I
spoke German her tonite wis loose, and 1 had to hear
deta] the story of her hard fate. Poor eventos she
had come over, with her family, during the present year,
She spoke no English, Her greatest fear seemed to be
lest I should thunk that her cracked cooking: ove had
heen given her. No, she saved it recom her burning house;
Cand when [explained this th my companions, even she
seemed less despondent.,
I ought perhaps to add that the Exeentve Commities,
who have so ably organized and managed this work, re
crive no pay. Its chairman, Me, Wirt Dexter, has aban
doned his law practice for the tie, to give his whole
tune to this work; and the other gentlemen of the Come
mittee, all hasy men, have in like manner surrend red
themselves to this hinnane cfiort. Their wiso and rigid
management has kept the cost of admmistration down
to 74 per cent of the amount expended, which 1s an i
credibly small proportion, when tie details of the work
are considered. The relict fund 1s distributed among the
hanks, anid draws 6 per cent interest ou the dally bal
ance,
Finally, send vo old clothes, They are, nd a tule, not
worth the cost of transportation, C. N.
There is nothing like putting things strongly.
The people of Lynn, Mass, having risen an rebellion
apatnst the miserable quality of the gas {furnished them,
the Corporation publishes a card in which it i stated
that the trouble has arisen from an cnforsecn over:
sight,” a kind of optical phenomenon curiots enough to
account for anything.
Whatever books can do for a people, will be
done for the people of Mas<achnsert<. We have to re
cord the opening or still fanother Free Public Library.
This 1a in Yarmouth, a good old Pigrim settlement. The
gentleman to whose liberality the town 18 indebted for
this literary blessing is Mr. Nathan Matthews, who has
at hig own cost erected a snhatannal and eommodious
brick inilding large coongh for 10,000 volumes; and has
also given the income of 35,000 tor the purchase of books.
Yormonuth, small town as itis, has a good literary repa
tanon, a respectable Academy, and a Lyceum 20 years
old.
Here is an item for ornithologists: The Bos
tonians are insty proud of the sparrows on the Common;
hut lately aninterloping “buteher-bird"” hag invaded that
C<acred territory, and made it his business to murder the
Csnairows by wholesale, Last week the eruel bird was
potted by the City Forester and shot, just as he had
Chilied his last sparrow and taken its head off. Tae
Conteher-hind is of the size and general appearance of the
mocking bird, but tue upper bill 18 hooked and very
sip. The rewtins ave to be stuffea, and the Proj
sparrows will onee more flutter and chirp without fear
(Can a woman legally inform against her
husband, and claim her share of the damages for giving
sueh mformation? Judge Lowell in the U, 8, District
Court, in Boston, has decided that she cannot, unless
when she bas been divorced. In the case at bar, the
divoreed wife of a tobacco dealer gave such information
and evidence that her late husband's stoek was seized
and contisented. She claimed her share of the proceeds,
and had her claim allowed. Judge Lowell, in rendering
Lis decision, said that Lhe should not have sanctioned
the claim if the pris had been living together as hua
band and wife, Another instance of the despotism ex
ercised hy legal tribunals over those unbappy creatures,
the married women.
The historical four and twenty blackbirds
who were baked ina pie, have been quite thrown into
the shade by one hundred chickens who furnished the
Interior of a gigantic pasty baked last week in Bridge
port, Conn, for the Fair of 8t, John's Church. It took
four strong men to carry this monster into the hall; and
it will take a great many more strong men and women
and children to eat aud digest it. How it was carved we
“are not told, but the plicration was probably FSHurnied
by some kind of machinery. These gigautic disbes have
their value, since they show what ambitious cooks can
do if they try; but most people, if asked to dinner,
would prefer a ie of less discouraging proportions, to
which they could do justice without committing suicide,
Gov. Campbell of Wyoming, in his message
vetoing the act to repeal the Woman Suffrage law of the
Territory, says: “Iu this Territory women have mani
fested for its highest interests a devotion strong, ardent,
and intelligent, They have brought to public affairs a
clearness of understanding and a roundness of judgment
which, considering their exclusion hitherto from practi
cal participation in political agitation and movements
are worthy of the greatest adimiration, and above all
praise, The conscience of women in all things is more
discriminating and sensitive than that of men; their
felis 6 jumtice not compromising or time-serving, but
pure and exacting: their love of order not spasmodic or
sentimental merely, but springing from the heart. All
these, the better conscience, the exalted acnso of Justice,
ited good taste, and would fain hope, in a reasouable
number of cases, good morals, for the Mestiss cloths,
thouxh soft and handsowe, lack the wearing pio wrtios
of those made of United States wools, Indeed, it 1s difi
cult to work the former without strengthening the warp
by the substitution or admixture of stronger Wools
and the abiding love of order, have been made by the
enfranchisement of women to contribute to the good
government and well-being of our Territory.”
It is not often, in these days, that ceelesias
tical councils are over-particular when a candidate for
orders 18 before them, Wherefore, we make note that
recently at North Adams, Mass, such a council, Mr.
George A. Jackson having been examined, refused Lis
license to preach. It appeared that upon most points he
was orthodox aa to sin, conversion, trinity, atonement
he was ‘substantially in accord with the evangelical
standards but when it came to the matter of future
Jusishmont, it was revealed that Mr. George Jackson
iid a notion that after death there might be a segond
probationPaud Bolippleietingy notion that finally all
would be saved. This would n't do by au} leans. 4d
the council Yoted not to ordain the speculative genclo
han, What makes it harder is that the Second Cyngre
gational Church fu Leavenworth, Ripa, hos given Mr.
Juckson a call, and Is now waluug for him to cowe on
und commence Rpeachink. He will probably get a now
exativation in Kansas and triumphantly pass it.
The revolution in the wool trade which the foregoing
statements so clearly desertbe rendered it imperative for
the country to promptly decide the womentous question,
«shall the wool-growing industry perish, or shall the
tariff bo modified to meet the exigencies which could not
be foreseen when it was framed I" The Free Traders
were averse to any change. They fostered atrifo between
the wool grower and the manufacturer, telling tho one
that he would be charged extortionate rates for Lis oloth
{ng and blankets, and the other that he would have to
pay excessive ‘prices for his wool, and, despite the tariff,
would be unable to compete with his foreign rivals whoso
trade was well established, and “whose gooda wers well
known, and betteved to be superior to all other fabrics of
the same kind. ®ortunately these evil counsels did
not prevail. The sentiment of the country was
P clearly (favor of preserving and developiog the wool
William P. Cahill of No. 837 East Thirteenth
st. called on Bun@ay night at the residence 8 Deputy
Coroner Beach, and informed him that he bad identitied
#8 that of his sister the body of Catharine Calill, who
died at Bellevue Hospital, after giving birth to a child,
und who was for a time Supposed to be the victim of
walpractice. Mr. Cahill yjated that Lis, sister wus fore
merly employed as a domestie iu Jututly in Biookly n,
and that a few wonths ago sho Weut to Youkers iu the
sie eApaciiy, Sho called at his house ou Deo. J, rk
afterward on her slsters, and told thew tuat sho intended
to fetarn Yonkers that evening. She was thou well,
and gave fo Imtunation that she cxpected soon to bo guts
fined, Justegd of ieturniug Wo Youkeia, sho went dis
rectly to the hoarding hoo No. 2 Pike st, and was
removed, insensible, to che Beltlovae Hostal, Nothiag
Ww Kiowa concerning her =educer,
a
{ndustey, so that 16 might not be recorded that though
thie Union was saved the wool trade which bad bedn re
garded with solleitude byour greatest statesmen, per
ished within the same decade. Rendered wise by adver
sity and common danget, delegates representing the
wool growing and manufacturing interests, mot fu Con
vention at Syracuse, Dec. 13, 136% and resolved that the
t&o great branches should act together in securing such
Protection as would place the wool industry upon pros.
perons basis, and thus realise the earnest desire and
wlyanee the inforests of the grea number of the
Amo riean people, o duty of prefarinf such awend
ments in the extstifig tari as would Accomplish the
common ohfRet in view was confided to thd Executive
Cogimniitecs of tie two Nutlonal Associations which had
GENE AL NOTEN.
a een
THE CAHILL SEDUCTION CASE.
THE WOOL INDUSTRY.
FIRM RESOLVE TO MAINTAIN THE WOOL, TARII
inm RESULYE TO MAINTAIN THE WOOL TARIFP
AS IT IS—EXTRAORDINARY PROGRESS OF
THE INDUSTRY UNDER PROTECTION—CUR
RENT FREE TRADE FALLACIES REFUTED,
[PROM THR SPECIAL CORRRSPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNK
NYracusk, Dee, 23.—The Convention of
Wool Growers and Manufacturers which has just been
held bese posacased featuresinvestingit with deep interest
to tho entire American geople. It formed a gratifying
demonatratipny in favor of Protection it elicited import.
ant facts regarding the progress of the wool Industry,
and above all, cordially ratifigd in the light of practical
axpericnee the union formed therein six years ago,
based upon the conviction that the interests of agricul:
ture and manufactures are ifperfect harmony, Alarmed
by the tatdions and powsrfnl means at work to over:
throw Protection, the wool industry sent {ts allest man to
give expression to the general sentiment in regard to the
threatened hostile action of Congress, The growers in
New-Eugland and the Westorn States wera raproaented
by men of extensive experience, including ons of the
principal wool-growers of Vermon! anl the President of
tho Wool Growers’ Association of Ohio. California,
which has attained an annual product of 23,000,000
pounds, was represented by Mr. Flint, who, besule being
agwner of 20,000 sheep, sends anoually upward of 600,000
ponndsof wool from California to the Eastern States
Onrown State hyd veteran wool-growers among ila
represcotatives, incinding the Hon, Henry S00 Rud,
the President of the National Wool-Growers' Associa:
tion, aud the Heh. George Geddes, the able writer upon
practical agriemitare, Tae great woolon manufacturers
of New-England, the enterprising pionsers of the woolen
i dustry inthe West and North-West, and the progrossive
wool-workers of California and Oregon wero all repre
ented by delegates whose position, experience, and di
rect interest in the industry invested them with a truly
representative character, Considering that the annnal
product of two great primary braucho «of the wool w
dustry i+ npward of $00,000,000, and that this great por.
tion of the national wealth is created by the labor of a
Lirge number of work people, in various capacities, the
Convention mat he regarded as a very haportant assem
blage, aud entitled to respectful consideration from Con.
gress, which ean no longer plead ignorance as iwi excusg
for iving tolerance to vexatious demands
The condition of the woo! industry before the protective
tariff of 1561, and ita progress under the beneficent infu
ance of that and the succeeding measure in 1367, aro
clearly described in the admirable address which the
Convention adopted unanimously. In the light of tho
information dt gives, the attempted reduction of the dn
ties on wool and woolens will appear to every snpaitial
wind at ouee unwarranted and weddlesome.
THE WOUL INTEREST IN DANGEE.
The rebellion which unperiled on national integrity
created a state of things which placed the existence of
the wool industry in the greatest danger. Tho 2 lross
this describes the influcuce of the deacthol cotivi ou
the production of wool: 5
EE scarcity of cotton, eansad hy the war, created an
extraordinary demand tironzhont tho world for woolen
fohries, which came largely into n<e where cotton had
heen ised before. The effect of this, to =ay nothing of
the demand for army clothing here, was to &timulate to
an excessive degree the growing amd manufacturing of
wool in all those countries where those mdnstries wern
pursued. The increase was especially marked in rhe
Werno woo s, which peculiarly cotapete with the wools
of our own flocks, Tae facilities for Winter grazing, and
the boundless lands of the countries of the sonthern
hemisphere, where merino sheep husbandry had been
eatablishied, peruittea the culture of these wooly to bo
expinded without limit, Tae inercace In tho
drat xeven years of the last decade has no
para’lel inany former period. In Austinlia the progress
Sis LPO 22,000,000 houtids tn 1239, 10 65,000,000 pounds an
Es in the Cage of Good Hope from 11,500.000 pote! s to
21,000,000 ponds, an inerease of 87 per cont an La Pita
from 16,000,000 potted to 59,000,000 pounds, an increase of
205 per cent. With the restoration of the colton supply
othe close of the war, the exception: detmgnd for wool
doetinad. The prices of Mesliza wools were lowere at
le 1st 40 per cont. The prices continued to fall until that
of an average sheep in South America had deci d from
$2 to 50 cents Mittions of sheep in An-tralia and Lav Plata
were shvightered for the wobl on their prlis, a condition
of things so improbable that it had not been provided for
in the wool tariit of 1967. The tide of the wool surplus of
the =outhern hemisphere poured in upon our shores, not
withstanding the inercase of our own production. In
1868 we imported 450,000,000 pounds, In 1396, even with tho
decline tn the production of woolen goods, 65,000,000
pounds. In 1466, under the tow dnties ou wool, practi
cally but three cents per pound, the tmports into the
Umited States from the two great competing
connnies "i fine wool productions,  werw
0.698 bales from Buenos Ayres, and 13,067 bales from tho
Cape of Goo! Hone. In 136%, after the wool tariff of 1557
came into operation, the i were reduced to 4,604
Liles from Buenos Ayres and 1,938 bales from the Cape of
Good Hope, a diminished importation of competing wools
of 50,176 bales, and yet our milis continued in full ac
tivity! It would be’ n waste of words te argue the elect
of this 11 sustaining the prices of our domestic product,
With the countries of the southern hemisphere so over
storked with sheep, that millions were slanghtered for
their pelts, and a new trade and manufacture, that of
skin wool, spruug into existence, with cost of traus
portation less than two cents per pound, avd a duty
praetieally operative of but three cents per pound, how
would it have been possible for shecp husbandry to
survive here under our higher cost of labor, our local
taxation and al! the demands for Ligher prices growing
out of an advanced civisization
AVERAGE PRICES OF WOOL BEFORE THE WAR
Int resting facts bearing upon the same point were
given in Mr. Randall's opening address, including tho
average prices of American wool before the war, and the
cost of South American product. He said
The annual kposte from Buenos Ayres, which down to
1362 had fallen short of 6,000,000 pounds, anddenly rose to
upward of 17,000,000 pounds, and in 1834 it suddonly
reached nearly 24,000,000 pounds, The anunaal import
from the British possessions in Africa rose from less than
4,000,000 pounds in 1862 to pearly 14,000,000 pounds in 1864.
The highest average aubual cost at place of export, of theses
Buenos Ayres wook=Mestiza wools, as they are known
in commerce—duringonr war, was in 134; and it was but
13.1 cents per pound in gold. (I shall be understood as
hereafter speaking of all wouney in gold unless otherwise
expressed.) Before the war these wools had averaged
but 13 cents per pound. The circumstances of low priced
Land and labor, and pasturage through the year, which
contribted to their cheap prodaction, are well known.
The pogt charges, export duty, expense of transporta
tion, &c., on these Wools was 5.57 cents per pouuwd. The
duty, under the tant of 1861, on Wools costing less than
18 cents per Jonud at place of export was 5 per cont ad
valorem, or less than a cent a pound’on Mestiza wools,
Thus when wools were exceptionally high in Buenos
Avres, they could be delivered with all charges paid, 1n
New-York at a trifle over 21 giv pound. At ordinary
home prices, they could be so delivered at 19 cents per
pound. They were ifmported in the dirt, were oflen
wuarry, and owing to the weakness of their tiber lost much
in the processes of manufacture so that two pounds as
imported wade only as much cloth as one anid one
twelfth pounds ot American clothing wool in average
condition. Put in the same condition with the latter,
they stood the Awerican manufacturer in about 48 cents
per pound.
Now what was the cost of growing clothing wools, in
the principal northern wool growing States of the Uuion
anterior to the war! The average prices at which wool
sold in our markets, from 1827 to 1501 inclusive, was 50.3
cents per pound for fine 43 cents for median and 25.6
cents for coarse. The tine and medium qualities (winch
corresponded pwith Mestiza wools) averaged 46§ cents.
The statistics of the husbandry lead clearly to the cou
clusion that this price was not more than ordinarily ve
munerative. From 1540 to 1860 sheep only increased
per cent. in numbers, while our population increased
between 70 and 3) per cent. Our import of woolens more
than doubled. These facts do uot indicate avery tlour
fshing wool industry.
The war which opened in 1361 about doubled thw cost
of labor and subsistence, increased direct and direct
taxation, and enhanced the prices of all the articles
which cuter into wool production. It therefore corre
aponditigly raised the cost of that production. Bucuos
Avres and some other countries, with the development
in wool production they subsequently attained, might
Rave competed Futnougiy with us before the war; atter
the latter produced its effects, and the foreign supply of
wool became suffiefent, nothing prevented the latter from
driving us from our own markets but the aversion of our
our strong
work the weak, dirty, burry Mestiza wools, This exhib:
A MOMENTOUS QUESTION.
THE SYRACUSE CONVENTION.