Amnsements, etc., This Soening.
0
ACADEMY OF MUsic—FEnglish Opera: **Satanefla.”
Mme. Vansinh
Boori's THEATER.“ Henry VIII.” Miss Cushman.
FIrrit AVENUE THEATER. Divorce.”
GraND OPERA Housk.—* Eileen Oge.” Florence.
Live Epwin's THRATER. Opera Bouffe: “La
Perichole.” Mlle. Aimee.
v N1BLO'S GARDEN.—“The Streets of New-York.”
aye. [4] g
OLYMPIC THEATER. Humpty Dumpty.” Fox.
STEINwAY HaLr.—Dolby's Ballad Concert.
UNION SQUARE THEATER.—Burlesque and Panto
mime Troupe,
WALLACK'S THEATER.— The Jealous Wife.”
AMERICAN INSTITUTE EXuIBITION, Third-ave. and
Sixty-thirdsst.—Open day aad night.
Dax Rice's Cikcus, Fourteenth-st, between
Becond and Third-sves. 3
Fasuron Counrse.—Grand Military Festival and
Pete Chasnpetre.
SAN FRANCISCO MINSTRELS. Birch, Wambold, ete.
ee
STARR MARCUS,
2% Jonna, (up staim),
make a spesialty of (bo
Gorpax Maxvracromixe Co.'®
STERLING SILVER WARE.
Bepecial attention Is requested to the many mew and elegant pieces
manufactured expressly to our onder (he past year, and quite recently
competed.
An unasallr attractive assortment of novelties, in fancy silver, cased
for wedding gifts, of an inexpensive charaster,
The works of the Gorbam Company are very extensive, enabling them
0 employ the most accomplished talent in designing, skill in producing,
ond the hest labor-saving machinery and method of manufacture, thus re.
ducing the cost. and bringing these beautiful wares within the reach of
almost every purchaser.
The standard of tus Silver is that of Dritish Sterling—925-1000.
DoxatioN Dav.—Aid for the Union llome
for Soldiers’ avd Sailors’ Orphans. The public are earuestly invited to
attend the highly interesting performauce at the Fashion Course, on
Wedpesday, Oct. 11. In order that evers man, woman and ch Id may
witoess the Orphans’ jubilee, the gates will be opeu to all without charge.
Free admisvion for that day; come and help the jubilee. Those who
can afford to contribute a dopation will find boxes at each entrance
in which they can deposit under charge of comm tees, but no ove will be
allowed to solicit donations, the manager preferring to trust to the Lber
IE ee
Fall Styles Gentlemen's Dress Hats ready
at popular priecs. BUkke, 21u Broadway, corver of Pulton-st.
Just RECEIVED.
An involes of gennine Jouvis Co.'s Kip GLovRS, 2, 3, and 4 buttons.
Friexp Pizzs, L67 Broadway. $Ea0E
An elegant assortment of Ladies’ Dress
TRIMMINGS, entirely new patterns, will be opened this morning. FRIEND
BatclirLors Hair Dye.—The best in the
world. Instantaneous. harmless, perfect. Applied at Factory, No. 16
Boud-at. Boid everywhere, _______ ooo oe
WHEELER AND WILSON'S SEWING MACHINE,
1.141 Broadway and 26tb-st., by paving $10 down, snd $10 per month,
without exes charge. Machines to lot. J. T. Kus k M. URRY.
Tir WILSON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.—
The best and cheapest first-class machines 1m the world! Price, from
$45 to $100: easy paveieats. Sales om, 777 Broadway.
Li¥E AND ENDOWMENT PoLicigs, all forms.—
Ample Secarity, Low Rates TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO., Hartford,
Wedding Cards, Monograms, Silk and Metal
Society Badges, “rench Nowe Paper. J. Tverdell's 302 B'war. Eeta'd 1840.
ARTIFICIALITIES—PALMER JJIMBS.
€78 Broadway, N. Y.: 1.609 Chestout-st.. Phila.; 31 Greeu-st., Boston.
TERMS OF THE 1RIBUNE.
Dany Trmouyr, Mail Subscribers, $10 per annum.
SEMI-WEFKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $4 per an.
WEkEELY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $2 per annum.
Advertising Rates.
Dairy TRIBUNE, 80c., 40¢., 50c., T5¢., and ®1 per line.
Sem1-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, 25 and 50 cents per line.
WEEBELY TRIBUNE, $2, $3, and $5 per line,
According to position in the paper.
Terms, cash in advance.
Address. THE TriBUNE, New-York.
THE TRIBUNE FOR THE CAMPAIGN.
THE TRIBUNE FOR THE CAMPAIGN.
Commencing with the issue of October 11, Tir
WEALx TrinuNE will be seut, for six weeks, at the
following rates:
ORB COPY. sds enarnrsttiusvrenes er SETHE OD
16 copies, to one address................. $2 00
20 copies, to one address................. 3 00
50 copres, to one address................. 750
100 copies, to one address................. 12 00
Orders should be sent 1m at once. Terms cash in
advance.
Addroes Tue TrisUNE, New-York.
EL
Advertisements for this week’s issue of THE
WeskLY TiisryE wost be banded in To-Day. Price R82 per line.
New Dork Daily Tribune.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1871.
TRIPLE SHEET.
The Newcastle strike is to be settled by arbitration.
An immense Home Rule” demonstration has takon
place in Drogheda, Ireland. The clections for
Councils-General passed off quietly in France, the re
turns thus far being too meager to indicate the result.
Treaty negotiations between France and Germany
are still in progress in Berlin. A new political
parky has been formed in Spain, The Roumania
railway bond question will shortly be settled.
The Chicago fire was still raging at the hour of going
to press, and a change of wind was sweeping the flames
toward the southern portion of the city. Paymas
ter Hodge has been dismissed the service and sentenced
to ten years’ imprisonment with hard labor, Two
hundred kegs of,powder exploded near Wilmington, Del.,
the shock being felt in all the adjacent towns, The
yellow fever is raging in the inland towns of Mississippi.
The Sappho won the race for the Lorillard cup at
Newport yesterday.
The Citizens’ Investigating Committee presented Im.
portant reports on City Accounts, Armories, and Pay
Rolls. The Chicago fire created great excitement
in this ity. Regattas were held by the Brooklyn
Yacht Club and Hudson River Amateur Rowing Associa
tion. Evaus, the alleged defaulter, was remanded
to the Penpsylvania authorities. Corporation
Counsel O'Gorman was examined concerning his failure
to prosecute Ingersoll. Gold, 114, 113}. Thermorm
otar. 66°. 70°. 66°.
The Canadians are having another mild
Fenian scare. This time the Red River coun
try is the scene of the anticipated foray of the
terrible men in green, eight hundred of whom
are reported to be marching on Fort Garry.
What they would do with Fort Garry, if they
should get it, cannot even be guessed but the
absurdity of the story is just as pronounced
as the most of the Canadian stories of Fenian
wath
A correspondent of THE TRIBUNE, writing
from Lowell, furnishes us a etriking and pleas
ant picture of the chara:teristic features of the
City of Spindles. The “white slaves of New
England,” as some superficial people call the
factory operatives, are not altogether such
children of misery as many would have us be
lieve; though we can understand how soon
they would be like paupers, if not protected
from competition with foreign pauper labor.
Probably Mr. Michael Ryan was very much
astonished when, on returning from his brief
furlough—in which he went as delegate to the
Rochester Democratic Convention—he was
found guilty of robbing emigrants and sent
to Bing Sing for five years. But
that 18 just what has happened
to this faithful henchman of Tammany, and
two or three more of his ilk are in a fair
way to follow him to his forced retreat. This
is a righteous disposition of some of the worst
rascals who haye disgraced humanity, and given
#he city a bad name in every European port,
Tt is proposed in England to erect a national
monument to the memory of Charles Dickens.
The form of the testimonial is not decided
upon, but all civilized pations would
be glad to unite in raising to the wonder
ful Magician a memorial which should be
worthy of his name, fame, and services
in the comnoa cause of humanity, It
Bneinness NOLS.
wonld be a-pity if the -rieh tribute shonld be
wastsd in 8 aera monwmontal pila, ‘when the
endowment and completion of some noble in
stitution for the blessing aud elcyation of the
race for which Charles Dickens did so much
would more fitly symbolize the grandest effects
and influence of his genius.
Nor

Do not fail Lo read the Address of the Trish
Amerienn champions of a Protective Tarifi’ to
their brethren in onr country. They will be
heard and heeded by thousands of their coun
trymen, who are widely rallying and organ
izing to uphold the true interest of Labor
everywhere. They will be heard from in No
vember, 1872
The most encouraging news we have lately
seen from Spain is the statement that the
Progresistas and Democrats have held a eanens
and have resolved upon a radically liberal
programme of parliamentary action. This pur
pose drove Sagasta out of the meeting, and,
it is to be hoped, may drive hin out of the
party. The resolutions of Spanish conventions
are not always to be blindly reccived—a par
ticular in which they differ from ours. Dut
the events of the last year have been rapidly
educating the Radicals of Spain into a policy
which may give them a right to their name.
We publish to-day a very full and compre
hensive resumé of the condition of the erops
in Europe and the harvest returns. From
these reports our readers may gather a clear
idea of the general result of agricultural
labor in Great Britain and Central Eu
rope. In England, the Winter prospect is not
a cheerful one, and the losses sustained by
stock-raisers supplement those of short crops
and the spread of the potato diecase. The re
turns from other parts of Europe are more
encouraging, but the general impression de
rived from a review of the whole field is much
less favorable than that which was formed from
a review of our own harvest-fields, published in
Tne Tribune a few weeks since. Indeed,
compared with the condition of American
breadstuff markets, those of Great Britain and
many parts of Europe are in a very straitened
condition; and this fact, added to the ap
preciation of prices sure to follow the destrue
tion of Chicago, may be taken as a warning of
future high prices in the West.
It seemed yesterday to be the conviction of
the most intelligent underwriters that the
Chicago calamity would eventually result in
such reforms in the rates of premium, the
assumption of risks, and the bringing about
of a better understanding between companies,
as would place the business of underwriting
on a sounder basis. It may also lead to
such legislation by the several States
as will make it more difficult for new
companies to be organized, as too many
now are, with insuflicient capital, or for exist
ing ones to conceal their avcakness from the
public eye. The convocation mn this city next
week of the Insurance Commissioners of
twenty or more States, who compose the Na
tional Insurance Convention, becomes, in view
of these facts, a matter of general concern,
for this body has it in its power, by the concur
rent action of its members, to bring about
almost any legislative action that the exigen
cies of the moment may seem to demand.
The sentence of Paymaster Hodge, severe
as it is, does not scem excessive, if we reflect
upon the gross, willful and deliberate theft
of which he has been guilty. As originally
decided upon by the Court-Martiul, the pun
ishment amouuted to imprisonment for life; as
modified by the President, it exempts him from
further imprisonment after his ten years at
hard labor shall have expired. But, compared
with the punishment which has been visited
on many others who have been convicted of
stealing from the United States Government
while employed in the civil service, it must be
confessed that the sentence of the Court-Martial
seems oppressive. There is a gross disparity
between the sentences pronounced on military
swindlers and those in the civil departmente.
Too often, in fact, the latter escape all pun
ishment by compromismng with the Gov
ernment, or by their bondsmen mak
ing good the amount of their abstrac
tions. The War Department is not
too severe, but the other Departments are too
lax in their discipline. We venture to say
that a few euch sentences as that passed
upon Paymaster Hodge would, if rendered in
the civil service, be a wholesome lesson to
the thieves who steal from the Treasury
almost with impunity.
For many years the name which we have
written at the head of these lines has rarely
been spoken but with some form of typical
superlative. When Miss Bremer visited us
some score of years ago, she expresscd her
anxiety to go to the West to see Chicago, “the
“home of Loki and Thor, the supernatural
“Forces.” All over Europe there was the
same vague and credulous wonder as to
this marvelous town which had risen
from the marshy border of the great lake,
with the suddenness and ease of an exhala
tion. There was no story too wild to obtain
credence when the scene was laid in Chicago.
It was, after New-York, the best known name
in Europe, for every village and hamlet
had sent some of their enterprising
children there, who wrote letters home
full of the strange vivid life of
that strong new land. [It was scarcely
considered an Aneta sity among the simple
peasantry of Europe. "The genial South Ger
man thought it a colony of Austria. The
Swedish farmers regarded it as an appanage of
the Scandinavian race. Even the home-loving
Frenchman felt that there he would he among
friends and kindred. It touched by these del
icate chords of sympathy every nation and
every township in the world.
At home, where no element of fable entered
into our ideas, the city seemed scarcely less
remarkable in its growth and its robust indi.
viduality. With a less population than many
others, it has for a long time claimed, with
general assent, the position of the second city
on the Continent. There was a breadth of
municipal life, a force and vigor of commercial
activity, a cheery and confident ‘self-assertion
which impressed the country, andmade us take
the lusty young city at its own valuation. In
readiness of resource, in the application of
force to the novel problems arising from its
rapid growth and development, it seemed ts
take rank with the great capitals. It seemed
sufficient for itself in all emergencies. T¢
handle the vast volume of grain which the
fruitful prairies poured into its bins, it in.
vented the Elevator. It lifted itself out of its
marshes and raised its own grade by several
feet. It moved stone palaces bodily and held
them in the air while it built basements unde;
them. When it wanted fresh water, it bur
rowed for a mile or two under Lake Michigan
rw. NORE. DAILY. TRIBUNE. TUESDAY. -OCTOBER 10,  1871—TRIPLE, SHEET.
CHICAGO)
‘ANG, Will al auuadivy wwala oauuro  @wrs ss
equaled in history, it tapped the bottom of the
inland sea. The dates of its history soem
moro fantastic than any fiction. John Kinzie
built his cabin there in 1804. The Indians
massacred the garrison of Fort Dearborn in 1813.
Tn 1830 there were 12 houses scattered about
the marshes, giving shelter to a hundred
parti-colored squatters, and in 1870, when the
hair of the first-born white native of the town
had not begun to grizzle, the census-takers
found 800,000, and gave mortal offense to
50,000 more, who insisted they were not
counted. A week ago Buffalo had in store
095,800 bushels of grain; Montreal, 511,210; St.
Louis, 717881; Milwaukee, 792,335; Toledo,
1,282,487; Chicago, 6,078,560, There is a magic
in these ciphers which to the practical Ameri
can nmnd means more than any baptisin of
poetry and romance.
Since yesterday Chicago has gained another
title to preéminence. Uneqnaled before in
enterprise and good fortune, she is now un
approachable in calamity. Iler name is insep
arably connected with the greatest disaster of
modern times. ‘The burning of New-York in
1835 has always been regarded as terrible
visitation, and elderly gentlemen in WWall-st.
stoutly asserted yesterday that the Chicago
fire was no greater. But the accounts
of the time say that 648 houses were destroyed
—a grave calamity of course, but trifling when
compared with the 12,000 houses in ashes in
what was Chicago. The great fire of London,
which struck the world with horror and gave a
not unworthy inspiration to the noble verse of
Dryden, ravaged a track of 436 acres. But
five square miles of blackened and smoking
ruins are the ghastly credentials which Chicago
offers in support of her claim to preéminence
in disaster. When a tithe of the wealth of a
community perishes, it seems that the very
sources of existence are sapped. It is esti
mated that fully one-half of the value of Chi
cago has been annibilated by one day's de
struction.
It is one of those scenes where the wildest words
are weak to describe the devastation. It is
only by imagining New-York obliterated from
Madison-square to the Battery that we can
form some idea of the extent of the catas
trophe. The fire broke out among the dry
frame buildings of the South Division, and
was fanned and driven by a south-west gale
—one of those fierce and unchecked tempests
that blow over the lake and the prairie—iito
the very heart of the city, over theaters, hotels,
the courts and the churches, the enormous
business-honses and the luxurious dwellings
that made the young city so beautiful and im
pressive, until, growing with what it fed on,
and still scourged by the gale, it leaped the
river and ravaged the rich and thiekly-settled
Northern suburb. Little of the city except its
gouthern and western borders are left—the
¢hell from which the kernel has been gnawed
away.
—The ultimate result is not doubtful. Like
Moscow, like London, like New-York, like
Portland, the city will be built again. It has
too much of life and elasticity to succumb even
to a blow so terrible as this. It has its place
in the economy of the nation and the world to
fill, and cannot be spared. In the end it will
certainly recover. But there is much of
uncertainty and difficulty in the inter
val. The sudden withdrawal of this
great and busy community from the
gphere of commercial life will produce a
widespread confusion and disturbance of
values and relations. Chicago is a heavy
creditor of New-York, and the whole North
West is the creditor of Chicago. At a time
when money is not over-plentiful, there comes
this sudden and unexpected demand for large
sums to meet this fearful exigency. We hope
the prudence and coolness which the emer
gency requires will not fail. There is no just
ification for a panic. There seemed some
‘danger of ome yesterday in the first
shock of the frizhtful intelligence, but the
tendency was handsomely surmounted in the
“afternoon. There is little doubt that our in
surance companies will be able to pay all
their losses. When this is done all can then
unite in devising the means to repair the
damage of the fire. But in the meanwhile
the immediate and pressing question is that
of hunger and cold. One hundred thousand
people are houseless and. famishing. The
cities of the West have spoken promptly and
honorably, voting large supplies of money and
food. New-York will doubtless to-day do
its whole duty, in its organized and corporate
meetings, But this is a case where every
citizen has the privilege of making some offer
ing to humanity. Let none neglect it. No
greater calamity ever appealed to the hearts
of men. Let New-York show herself the first
of the cities of the nation in charity, as she
ig first in power.
MAYOR HALL.
Tha Mar in dofenee of Mavor Hall’'e affieial
~The Star, in defense of Mayor Hall's official
approval of the monstrous bills of Ingersoll,
Garvey, &ec., gays:
“Mayor Hall has done precisely what he thinks he
should have done. For inatance, a creditor presents a
bill at the Controller's office, It is first checked und ex
amined by the entry clerk; then it passes to the Auditor,
who investigates it thoroughly—if satisfled, he stamps it.
and indorses it with his name; it then goesto the Deputy
Controlier, who directs a warrant to be made out in con
formity to the amount indorsed by the Auditor; the war
rant is then sent with the bill to the Controller for his
sizuature, and then it is sent, and generally scores are
taken at a time, to the Mayor for his signature,
Now the Controller is the Mayor's subordinate, charged
with the very duty which Mr. Greeley rays the Mayor
should intrust to another subordinate, and it would be
not only absurd but the extremity of folly, expense, and
delay, were the Mayor te reinvestigate by other officers
the bills and accounts already passed and eertified to by
officials paid to perform that particular duty. Wouldn't
it! The warrant be!ng laid, with others, on the Mayor's
desk, receives, without question, his signature, and fis
returned to the Controller's office. There it is registered,
and, when handed over to the creditor, is dated and
signed by the Register.”
Comments by The Tribune.
We repeat the avowal of our conviction that
Mayor Hall should resign or be removed on
his own showing, whether guilty of embezzle
ment for his own profit or not. Bear in mind
that this journal has from year to year in
sisted that the immense sums voted ostensibly
to build, equip and furnish, the new Court
House, were in good part stolen—that they
were voted in order to be stolen. Mayor
Hall is a journalist, and of course reads
the newspapers. He used to be a Repub
lican, and has not yet broken himself of the
habit of reading Tue Tripune. Ho knew,
therefore, that we denounced these Court-House
disbursements as fraudulent; he knows that
0 do not make such charges at random. Yet
ate come fresh bills upon bills, day after
7, for plumbing, painting, plastering, car
peting, &c., after enough had been paid for
these purposes to plaster, paint, plumb,
and carpet Versailles or the Vatican thrice
over, Yet Hall still went on Approv
ing the bills of Ingersoll, Garvey, &o.,
&ec., for $50,000, $75,000, and even larger sums,
day after day, without sending one of his
twenty or thirty idle subordinates to, see what
could become of all this mountainous array of
carpets, chairs, chandeliers, &c., &o. What
could he Imagine bis approval meant? Why
did he suppose it was required? And how
came he to appoint $5,000,000 Ingersoll a Com
missioner of the New Court-House last Do
comber? Ab, neighbor Star! Hall's case is past
aaansmmasdr
MR TILTON ON DIVORCE.
We print herewith “Mr, Tilton’s Views of
Marriage and Divorce,” as set forth by him
self. We have repeatedly printod the same
vidws (essentially) as set forth at full length
by several eminent writers on his side, 86 that
we are very glad to find Mr. Tilton’s statement
a short one,
Mr. Tilton’s right to think as he docs, we
do not dispute: our right to regard his doctrine
a8 eminently pernicions and detestable, he
seems unwilling to concede. Wo feel that
just such reasoning as his, instilled by liber
tines into the ears of their foredoomed victims,
has filled and is now filling the earth with
gin, misery, and moral ruin. Indeed, the
libertine who beguniles an innocent girl into
compliance with his wishes, and deserts her
when his passions are sated and she about to
become a mother, stands fully justified by Mr.
Tilton’s premises and deductions. For the
seducer would say, “I have ccased to love,
to honor, to cherish: therefore, my ‘covenant
“¢is ipso facto ended, aud I am free to go
where I will.” If his doctrine is not Tilton’s,
we are unable to discern the difference.
Mr, Tilton says the marriage covenant “is
“ipso facto ended whenever, instead of loving,
“they hate, and, instead of honoring, they de
“gpise,” &ec.
If Mr. Tilton has any form of marriage cove
pant in usec among Christians which justifies
his assertion, we challenge him to produce it.
We never saw or read such; wo are sure no
such exiets, On the contrary, all the marriage
covenants within onr knowledge bind the par
tics not to hate, despise, or loathe each other.
If they do so, they break their vow; but this
by no means releases them from its obliga
tion.
We insist that the men and women who believe
in the Tiltonian marriage covenant shall act
accordingly. Let them stand up before the
world and say, We take each other for hus
“band and wife for go long as we shall con
“tinue to love each other supremely; but
whenever this shall no longer be the case,
“then we proclaim and will hold oursclves
“at liberty to separate and take to our
“gelyes new partners” then we shall know
exactly how to treat them. They will be pre
cisely in the position of every libertine who
has a mistress, and will be regarded
and treated accordingly. Their assuming
before the world an obligation to
cling to each other “till death do part,” and
then insisting on regulating their lives by
one totally different, we unutterably abhor.
In fact, no person who holds with Mr. Tilton
has any right to marry at all. He has no
right to the honors of marriage while he re
pudiates its essential obligation. The union
that Mr. Tilton believes in is not marriage at
all, but something radically diverse from that.
It is the marriage “a la jacqne” of Parisian
workmen and grisettes, which is expected to
last a year, but often disappoints that expecta
tion. Those who hold it superior to Christian
marringe should prove their faith by giving it
a distinctive name. Words are things, and
Marriage is not what any ene may choose to
have it, but is defined by the dictionaries, If
the Free-Lovers are not ashamed of their
creed, let them prove it by giving a distin
guishing name to their substitute for Marriage.
HOIST BY THEIR OWN PETARD.
The last defender of the Tammany Ring
may as well give up the case of the thieves.
It was easy enough to charge that the Com
mittee aprojied at the Cooper Union
mass mecting were misled and even par
tisan in their proceedings in ferreting
out the so-called frauds on the City; but a
committee of merchants and business men,
invited by the very officials implicated in the
pending charges to cooperate with a sub
committee of Aldermen and Supervisors, must
receive respectful hearing and implicit confi
dence in their report. This Committee have
spent several weeks in a patient examination
into the accounts of the City, the manaze
ment of municipal affairs, and the general
condition of the finances of the County and
City. Their labors have been hampered hy
the very men who, with an assumed
air of injured innocence, besouglit their minute
investigation. The City authorities have
steadily refused to send for persons and
papers, and the only potent influence which
the Citizens’ Committee have really had in
the premises was the semi-ofiicial character
which they borrowed from the reflected dignity
of their association with the County and City
authorities by special invitation. Notwith
standing these impediments, and in spite of
the loose way in which records and accounts
have been kept, the report of the Committee,
printed in Toe TrizeNe to-day, presents an
appalling revelation of fraud, corruption, and
misrule.
We cannot at this moment go into the re
volting particulars of this great crime it is
enough to say that the Mayor's Comuwittee
have conclusively established the fact that the
men who have had charge of public affairs
‘have deliberately and sedulously embraced
every opportunity to steal the public funds,
or to afford the amplest facilities for others
to steal them. The City has not merely suf
fered from an extravagant waste of money,
but from every variety of fraud that was pos
gible under the management of the Mayor
and Heads of Departments The ridiculous
fraud of pretending to build a Cowt-Touse,
and using that pretense as a sluice to draw a
stream of cash from the Treasury, has been
already exposed. In addition to this, we have
now an exposure of villainies in other de
partments of the City Administration which
fitly complement that monstrous story. For
instance, it is pretended that the armories and
drill-rooms occupied by the militia have cost,
during the two years and eight months
Jast past, the enormous sum of
$3,791,504 90. This money has nomi
nally been paid out on this account,
and it is claimed that only $522,808 51 has
been paid for rents, and $3,221,865 63 for
“repairs” to these armories and drill-rooms!
The Committee, unable to secure the informa
tion which the power to send for persons and
papers would bring them, have employed experts
to examine these “repaired armories with seru
pulous exactness, and they find that the work
actually done would be liberally paid for by
allowing $200,000, leaving more than $8,000,000
to be accounted for. That this amount was
deliberately stolen there can be no question.
Whostole it! Perhaps some suggestion of an an
swer may be found in the astounding revelation
respecting the lumber bills of Behuyler Co.
In this case, $45,000 worth of lumber was
furnished to the City, and warmats were
drawn in fayor of the luniber meschants for.
$463,000 27. There is mistinegs’ about the
transaction, Schuyler insisting that he only
received about $48,000 (though he refuses to
show his books) and the city and bank ac
count showing that the warrants for the first
named large amount were drawn and paid.
But it is clear enough that about $410,000 was
paid out by the City on a fraugulent pretense.
We do not know among whom this bit of
plunder was divided; but it was paid by order
of Wm. M., Tweed. And this is a fair sample
of the multitudinous thefts ,committed on the
City.
Where the millions on millions of City funds
have gone to, we may never cleaily ascertain.
The cash has been divided among mgny men,
but it was raked out of the Treasury by
the connivance of A. Oakey Hall, Richard B.
Connolly, Wm. M. Tweed, James Watson, and
Peter B. Sweeny. In some form or another,
one or all of these men certified to the genuine
ness of the so-called claims against the
City on which the stupendous frauds were
committed. On their responsibility the money
was disbursed; who had shares in the stolen
cash we can only guess. Yet these men (ex
cept the deceased Watson), whose betrayal of
great public trusts has amounted to a tower
ing crime, are yet in office, and Lold on to
their place ‘with brazen effrontery, and ime
pudeutly ask that the people shall
leave them alone still further, That these
officials have not been driven forth with the
acourgings of popular indignation is one of
the marvels of the day. But, whether their
stay in office be longer or shorter, their moral
ruin is complete and the examiners shom
they have invited declare that their manage
ment of fiduciary trusts has been corrupt,
wanton, and wickedly wasteful.
MR. WARREN'S REPORT T0 THE CITIZENS
CIOOMMITTER
yawning chasms and impenctrable jungles
to the verge of which the Tammany oli
garchy has brought us. None but the abso
lutely blind can now fail to see that T'weed
and his associates were rapidly hurling
us along to ruin and destruction. The
report of Mr. William E. Warren, with the
table of appropriations and expenditures for
the year 1871 which is appended to it, is an
overwhelming testimony to the villainy of
Tammany financial management. Said Mayor
Hall in his message last June: The opera
“tion of the Two Per Cent bill so far, in
reducing expenses, in preventing schemes
against the Treasnry, and arresting through
“out every department that tendency to
“extravagance which is the peculiarity
“of the age, even in private life, has proved a
perfect answer to the frenzied attacks that
“were made upon it.” Before these words
were written, the Board of Apportionment, of
which Mayor all is a member, had appropri
ated for the expenses of the current year, in-
dependent of the immense amounts which the
Legislature had authorized them to cover by
the issue of bonds, a sum upwards of $5,000,000
in excess of that to which they were limited
by the Two Per Cent bill. This meeting of
the Board of Apportionment was held on the
the 15th of May. Only four months later, to
wit, on the 14th of September, of the im
mense sum of $28,529,100 67 set apart
for such of the public expenses as must be
provided for by taxation (even under the
monstrous laws passed through the Legisla
ture in sealed envelopes, to be opened only in
the chamber of Gov. Hoffman), there re
mained unexpended, aside from the sums re
quired to pay the State tax, the interest on
bonds, and that portion of the old funded
debt falling due this year ($1,184,970 69), only
$2,869,082 43—a sum less than the unexpended
balance from the year 1870 with which they
started. This trifing sum was all that was
left to pay the running expenses of the City
and County Governments from the 14th of
September to the 1st of January, 1872. After
all the inducements Messrs. Tweed, Sweeny,
Connolly, and Hall have had this Summer to
male good their loud professions of economy
and retrenchment, and after starting out with
£5,000 000 more than they were entitled {o, this
$2,809,082 43 was all that remained available
to carry them through to the new year. The
only way Mr. Connolly could have gotten
through without issuing bonds totally unwar
ranted by law, would have been to convert
the outstanding acceptances or Revenue
bonds into 30-year Consolidated Debt bonds,
and to have forthwith supplied their place
with at least $12,000,000 of new accept
ances or Revenue bonds. Had the voluminous
reports of the Controller and Mayor, issued
five months ago, satisfied the public and the
Press, the deficiency would in all probability
have called for the reissue of the entire
§23,000,000 (the legal limit), and the great trick
of reducing taxation to $23,000,000, while in
creasing expenses to $60,000,000 or $75,000,000,
“would have been carried out to perfection and
‘to the unbounded delight of Mayor Hall,
“who i8 said to be merely a disinterested
‘spectator of the exciting game which Messrs.
Tweed Co. are playing with the lives,
liberties, and property of the citizens of New
York.
In the place of move extended comment to
day on the valuable report of Mr. Warren, we
respectfully submit to our readers the follow
ing analysis of the unexpended balances;
“which we have compiled from the long table
appended to his exposition of the financiering
of the last two years:
Total appropriations by Board of Ap
portionment for ordinary expenses of
City and County in 1871...............$28,520,100 67
Add unexpended balances of previous
TRI ssv vine ssvvorinsi svn svsisnes PISA 05
Total expenditures to Sept. 14.......... 18,820,470 80
Unexpended balance Sept. 14........ .$13,103,177
Required during remainder of year for
rederuption of bonds, exclusive of
City and County Revenue bonds. $1,184,970 60
For payment of interest................ 8,466,523 98
For State taX....ccoeeseeecatinnnnnnna... 5,581,001 85
Total for interest, redemption of
bonds, and State tax................ $10,333,005 52
There remains for current expenses
from Sept. 14 to Dec. 81................ 9,960,083 43
Total unexpended balance............ $18,102,177 9%
At last the to illumine the
VOI urnenscesesennerarvcsnvrnsencsves 2,002,547 58
Great as the natural wealth of West Virginia
has long been estimated, it is only within a"re
cent period that public attention has been fairly
roused to anything like a fair appreciation
of the vast and varied stores of min
erals concealed beneath a soil covered
with some of the noblest forests of the
continent. Inexhaustible beds of coal and rich
veins of iron ore underlie countless acres of
the Valley of the Great Kanawha, a region
which has been imperfectly opened up by the
limited facilitics for eheap transportation
which the whole State bas eo far
been able t» secure. Coal ofl courses ig
lidfien streains through many portions of
this wonderful locality, and timber in infinite
variety is found in the immediate vicinity,
‘This Xi tract of country, the futuie home
of numerous and prosperous people,
will soon be traversed by iron rails,
and manufacture of iron will multiply
channels of trade and means of livelifood In
Tne TRIBUNE to-day is published the first of
a series of letters from Mr. Charles Nordhof?,
a careful and picturesque writer, who has lately
made a tour of observation through this highly
interesting region. His letters will pe
found amply to repay perusal, and will
contain just the information desired by those
to whom West Virginia has heretofore heen
an unknown region. The incubus of Slavery
removed, the natural resources ang hidden
wealth of the country are coming to the sur
face, and the keen eyes of capitalists and
business men are now spying out the solid
attractions of the State.

It would be calamitous to mistake the mean
ing of the Texas election. That State has de
cided that her present legislators and rulers
cost more than they come to. Just as this
City will pronounce against the Tammany Ring,
if her votes are fairly polled and counted, so
Texas has decided that she chooses to be
more frugally and uprightly governed in the
future than in the immediate past. That ia
what the result of her election means, and
others should be admonished by it.
This vote gives tie Republicans of Texas
the up-hill fight to make for their next Legis.
lature and for next President. They may yet
win if it can be clearly understood that they
have turned over a new leaf, and that their
embryo Tweeds and Connollys are to take a
back-seat henceforth. In that case the Demo
crats are sure to help them by betraying, in
the excitement and exultation incited by their
triumph, how much of the old Rebel viens of
negro-hate still poisons their blood. Should
the Republicans refuse to heed the lesson and
turn over a new leaf, they will be under foot
Cor vears.
‘or years.
TIE NEWCASTLE STRIKE TO BE SETTLED BY
ARBITRATION—NINE-ITOUR MUETING IN LON
DON—HOME RULE DEMONSTRATION IN IRE
LAND.
Loxpov, Monday, Oct. 9, 1871,
It is proposed, should the conditions fixed
upon for the settlement of the dispute between workmen
and employers at Newcastle not be aceepted by the latter,
that the point or points objected to shall be submitted to
arbitration, the decision of the arbitrators to be final
The announcement, therefore, that the engineers’ strike
was virtually at an end is substantially correct. The
police of Newcastle threaten to initiate a strike for in
creased pay.
A meeting, under the auspices of the Nine Hour
League, was held in Trafalgar-square; td night, Mr.
Oger presided, and made the principal address. Aboud
2,000 persons .ere present. The procecdingzs were
orderly, and at the close the crowtl quietly dispersed.
There was a great demonstration by the partisans of
the Home Rule” policy, at Drogheda, on Saturday
night. Eight thousand men marched in procession. No
disturbances are reported to have attended the affair,
It is proposed to erect a national memorial (the exact
character of which is not stated) to the late Charles
Dickens. The project originated at Portsmouth, Dickens's
native place.
rr
THE ELECTIONS FOR COUNCILR-GENERAL--NO
DISTURBANCE=MINISTERIAL CHANGES,
Paris, Monday, Oct. 9, 1871,
Returns from elections for delegates to the
Conseils-Generaux indicate that the Rudicyls have re
turned their candidates from the cities of Lyons, Tou
louse, Marseilles, and Avignon. The Moderate Republi
cans carry Rouen and Lille,and are ahead in the Northers
departments, 3cine Inferieure, Eure, Calvados, Manche,
and Orne. The Conservatives carry the City of Toulon.
The Due d’Aumale has been elected from Clermnons,
and M. Larcy, the Minister of Pubic Works, from Nimes
M. Gambetta is defeated in the Department] of Rot.
Three candidates of the Right,” or [onscrvative
wing, have been defeated by the Republliegus in the De
partment of the Cher. The Radicals hav carried the
Departments of the Rhone and Var, and prédhably all the
industrial centers, MM. Picard and Forcade have
been, defeated. Gens. Faidherbe and Ducrot are
elected. Two Tu peTtalist candidates have heen sucoess
ful in the Departinent of Aisne and one in the Depart
ment of Aube. sr
The elections havo~)nssed off very quietly, no dis
turbance being reported from any quarter. The vote is
very light, many of the electors iaving abstalved frem
voting.
L
It is reported that M. Victor Tefranc succeeds the late
M. Lambrecht, in the Ministry of the Interior, and tha
M. Picard will lll the position of Minister of Finance
pro tem., vacated by the transfer of M. Lefranc,

The report of the appointment of M. Drouynde Lhuys
as Freuch Minister to Austria, is authoritatively denied
M. de Lhuys has received no appointment from the
Versaille s(overnwent.

A NEW POLITICAL PARTY FORMED.
MADRID, Monday, Or. 9, 1871,
A joint meeting of leading Democrats and
Progressists has been beld here. aActivn was taken to
ward the formation of 8 new party of the most advanced
ideas, which will exclude all Conservatives. Seidor Ba
rasta and his partisans withdrew from the meeting.

THE RAILWAY BOND QUESTION NEARLY SETTLED
BEKLIN, Monday, Oct, 9, 1871
The Commissioners engnged in negotiating
a settlement of the Roumanian Railway bonus questios
have nearly agreed to a compromise, by which a guaray
tee of 5 per cent instead of 74 per cent Is secured
ee D
TREATY NEGOTIATIONS STILL IN PROGRESS.
BERLIN, Mond.y, Oct. 9, 1871.
The Government has recalled Herr von Anim
from Versailles for consultation regarding the Franco
German custows treaty, M. PouyerQ 1r@iyr bad so in
terview with Prince Bismarck to-day.
ANOTHER FENIAN DUANBE.
ToroNTO, Ont., Oct: 9.—7he 1c fraph and
Express bave special dispatches from Ougwa stating
that dispatches had been recelved there ann ancing that
800 Fenians have started from Morris, and We marching
bn Fort Garry, under command of O’Donohup or O'Neill
It 1s’also sald that the commandant of Forj Garry has
forwarded dispatches saying that he is qujie prepared
for any attack. It is generally thougut leo that the
whola story 1s a canard.
fo
‘NO SERIOUS TROUBLE ANTICIPATED BY THR
GOVERNMENT,
WasHINGTON, Oct. 9.~The official authorities
here have no apprehension of any difficulties between
the Mormons and the United States troops. Gena A
pow in Washington, bas been consulted on the salfiet
affairs in Utah. The troops will be transferred 0
camp, and a change made in the command, Lieut,
Morrow of the 13th Infpatey succeeding Col. De
beiand,
STARTLING STORY OF MORMON PLANS,
From o Washinglon Digpaich to Tue Balitmors Sun.
Information has been received here indicat
ing that the Mormons have considered tearful plan of
Bi toward ad Goverutient 19¢ the evurse Whied
been net wy by (ae Fede.
rat Judie sathociis. A Botlug foes than a0 ors
to joment an In wer from Arizona to the northern
bounds of Dakota, $0 destroy the overland Talirvaue
and devastate the whole western frontier. Addie
tional troops have been ordered to Utah, and as the Gov.
ernment 1s forewarned in time, auy such scheme OF War
fare may be nipped in the inception. Tiere docs mot a
pear to be any information thut any gLEISSITC movS
ments have been entered upon, nor that tbe M nuong
are prepared to precipitate Doatitithes Just pow out thet
the} have this Pan in contemplation tucio scous W be
v
TEX 48
J
FOREIGN NEWS.
J
OPFAT BRITAIN.
FRANCE.
ROIMANIA

GFRMANY
THE NEW DOMINION.
ANOTHER FENIAN SCARE.
THE CRISIS IN UTAIL
a
Ba AHP Mit
SPAIN.