ftSlortesitr
IS PUBLISHED EVERY MORMX»
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
At per year, if paid strictly in ndtanc*
Ulhcrulie, 73 Cent* per Month*
Iftsssadjustits SpE,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At Ann inn.
«J I>. RAf.nWIY «<r Proprietor*
NO. 441 MAIN STREET.
uururccstcr §ailp Spn.
CITY NEWS.
The Republic and Germania tire insurance
companies, both of New York, of which L. A.
Ely Co., arc the agents in this city, announce
that their solvency is not in the least endangered
by losses in Chicago.
The ladies of Grace Methodist church, on
Walnut street, furnished their friends with a
pleasant entertain went at their vestry last even
ing, and realized a helpful sum toward furnish
ing the church.
We are informed that the tire insurance com
panies icprcsented in this city by Messrs. J. B
Knox Co., which incurred loss by the late file
in Chicago, will promptly pay the same and
have ample assets on hand. They will continue
to issue policies at adequate rates of premium.
The employes ot the Washburn Moen man
ufacturing coin pant' at the Quinsigamond iron
works subscribed $350 of the amount for
the Chicago relief fund. It will be remembered
the sum given by both shops amounted to
SIOOO.
Theeecond rehearsal of “Elijah,” under the
direction of Carl Zerrahn, will take place this
evening in the hall of the young men’s Chris
tian association, commencing at 71 o’clock. All
singers of Worcester and vicinity are cordially
invited to be present.
The republican caucuses for the choice ol
delegates to the councillor, county and senato
rial conventions, will be held this evening. The
call, which is printed in our special notice col
umn, states where the several ward meetings
are to be held.
The police force of this city arc subscribing
liberally to a paper drawn up for the purpose ol
extending relief to the policemen of Chicago
made destitute by the fire, and Assistant Mar
shal Washburn, who is going to Chicago on
Tuesday, will personal]}' deliver the sum raised.
The mayor received a letter yesterday, from a
temporary sojourner in the city, who gave half
of a week’s wages to swell the relief fund. The
letter suggested that every moneyed man in the
city give his interest for thirty days, every me
chanic and laborer a day’s work, and the ladies
their labor in making garments, lie thinks
that a dollar ought to be raised in the city from
every man, woman and child in its limits.
At the meeting of ladies*, held in the vestry ol
the First Unitarian parish, yesterday, it was
thought they could render the most substantial
aid to the Chicago sufferers by soliciting mate
rial and making garments for them. All ladies,
of every denomination, who in the
work, are requested to meet in the same place
on Saturday afternoon at two o’clock.
The Masonic fraternity of this city held a
meeting last evening to concert measures for the
relief of their brethren in Chicago. Rev. T. E.
St. John was chairman of the meeting, George
F. Woods secretary, and J. 11 Knox treasurer.
$1063.50 was raised on the spot, though the
meeting was not largely attended, and Mr. St.
John was deputed to go to Chicago to disburse
this bounty among the Masonic brethren of the
smitten city. Masons not present at the meet
ing, who wish io contribute to this fund, are re
quested to leave their subscriptions with Mr.
Knox, the treasurer of the meeting, at his place
of business.
We are reminded that at the firemen’s muster
in this city in 1857, there were seventy-two com
panies in the procession, nearly all of which
were engine companies, averaging from forty to
eighty men each —a much larger number of both
companies and men than were present at Man
chester in 1859, and in number of men far
exceeding the Fitchburg muster of the present
week. The procession on that occasion included
twenty-three full bands of music, besides drum
corps, with an estimated length of three miles
and a half.
Are our readers making preparations for the
musical convention? lfnot.it becomes their
duty to do so immediately. Visitors’ and mem
bers’ tickets are selling rapidly at the music
stores. It wiil be a great musical festival, in
which all our citizens should delight to partici
pate. In addition to the eminent talent already
announced, the committee have just engaged
Barnabee, “the inimitable,” who will appear in
conjunction with Miss Pcrsis B 'll, the youthful
violinist, at the first concert, and also assist at
the matinee in the afternoon of the same. day.
This will be good news to the public school
scholars, as they are to be admitted to this mati
nee at a reduced price.
Horticultural. —At the meeting,yesterday,
premiums for pears were awarded as follows:
For the best ter. varieties of twelve specimens
each, SB, to V. P. Townsend; 2d best, SC, to S.
S. Foster. Best five varieties of twelve speci
mens each, $6, to J. F. Allen; 2d best, S 3, to S.
S. Foster. Best three varieties of twelve speci
mens each, $3, to Allied Davis; 2d best, $2, to
C. B. Metcalf. Best plate of Seckels,s2, to Mrs.
F. H. Kinnicutt; Beurre d* Anjou, Joseph E.
Phelps; Duchess d’Angjouleme, T. M. Lamb;
(Hou Morceau, E. L. Brigham; Swan’s Orange,
Mrs. I). Taintci; Winter Nel is, Rufus Carter;
St. Michael Archange, J. C. Newton.
Organ Concert.—The organ at the Central
church, having been repaired and enlarged, was
exhibited last evening, by Mr. Eugene Thayer of
Boston. The quartette choir of the church gave
a concert, chiefly sacred, in which they were as
sisted by members of some of our best choirs.
The solo, duet and quartette music was well se
lected and well performed, and, with the mag
nificent organ solos, furnished a very agreeable
evening entertainment. Mr. Thayer played one
of Bach’s great fugues, and selections of his
own, with his customary artistic elegance, not
only exhibiting the beauties and capacity of the
organ, but giving such an illustration of the
higher art in organ playing as we only hear
from him.
Municipal Court.—The' following list of
cases shows the business done in the municipal
court, yesterday morning: Jeremiah Foley, for
keeping a liquor nuisance, was fined SSO and
costs, appealed; Napoleon Guertain and Peter
Bouche, single sale, SlO and costs each; Ed
mund Welch and Owen Harvey, promoting a
dogfight, $lO and costs each; Jeremiah Saxton,
Daniel Collins, and Joseph P. Corcoran,
present at a dog fight, $2 and
costs each; Ellen Collins, larceny, SI
and,costs; Solon Bailey, John Griffin, John
Butler, Patrick Leary, and Patrick Cox, drunk
enness, $3 ami costs each; James Devereaux
and James Smith, truancy, cases continued.
The fines were all paid but the .four last men
tioned—Griffin, Butler, Leary and Cox were
committed.
St. Paul’s Fair opened again last evening,
and was favored with a rush of attendance
much in excess ot that on Tuesday evening.
The decoration of the hall was given a more
pleasing effect by several eh ingcs—one of them
by moving the flower stand —ami the most
cheerful and lively time possible with such a
crowd was enjoyed. A play, “The Mischievous
Nigger,” was produced by members of the Grat
tan literary association, to the infinite amuse
ment of the audience; and a duett, “Matrimonial
Sweets,” was creditably sung by Miss Hanlon
and Mr. Phelan. The money taken for tickets—a
handsome sum —was given to the Chicago re
lief fund by the generosity of the fair, through
its managers. An extra effort was made to sell
as many as possible, and the children alone
brought in $125 as the result of those sold out
side during the daytime. To-night the pro
gramme includes a farce, “Persecuted Dutch
man,” by Misses Sweeny, Knlaher and O’Brien,
Messrs. McCarty, Beland, Foley, Byrnes and
O’Leary; also male quartet singing, by Messrs.
Fuller, Bliss, Lovell and Downey.
The result of the inquest held on the body of
Edward Scully, killed at Northbridge station,
Wednesday, was that lie came to his deatli by his
own carelessness in trying to get on the train.
gailg
VOL. 26, NO. 243.
WorrrNter A«<l for Chicago.
Our people have entered upon the good, prac
tical Christian work of helping the distressed
population of Chicago in good earnest. Some
of our most substantial citizens have charge of
the labor of collecting cash subscriptions, and
Worcester is responding generously. Next to
money the mayor ot Chicago says that blankets
and clothing will be most thankfully received.
Acting on this information our citizens will
forward clothing, as well as money.
At the People’s club rooms at Brinley
hall a large amount of clothing was
received yesterday, most of it new or near
ly so, and seven hundred dollars worth was for
warded by express last night. More will be
sent to-day. But the greatest amount was re
ceived at the depot established by the mayor, at
i'lark Sawyer’s old store, in Flagg’s block.
Bundles, packages and boxes were delivered
hcroall day, faster than they could be packed.
Mr. Allred Parker has charge here, and
nacks the goods in a way to facilitate
listi ibution at Chicago, putting the men’s, wo
men’s and children’s goods in boxes by them
-dves and labeling them accordingly. One of
the best packages received yesterday was a box
of new clothing, valued at $l5O, sent in by 1).
11. Eames. Bundles will be sent for if donors will
give directions to Mr. Parker. It is seldom that
men and women are called upon to give in so
good a cause, therefore let the contributions of
rash and clothing be generous.
In our repoit of subscriptions made at the
meeting at Mechanics hall, a few names were
omitted, and aie given below’, together with the
new subscriptions that were handed in to the
treasurer yesterday. It will be scon that the
Worcester cash contribution already exceeds
$21,000.
Employees at Brad- J C Yeaton Co, 20 00
ley’s car shop, $219 50 C lias A Chase, 15 00
GS A.l Howe, 200 00 Wll (’rawford, 15 00
Fll Kimiicutt, 200 00 Daniel Ward, 10 00
Wll .Jourdan, 200 00 Mrs C A Chase, 10 00
Graton Knight, 200 00 Edwin Brown, 10 00
A G Coes &v o, 200 00 MH bay. 10 00
Franklin Wyman, 200 00 Physician, 10 00
Calvin Taft, 2"0 00 Harvey B Wilder, 10 00
Harrison Bliss, 200 00 A F Smith, 10 00
Employ at Tay- J S Hand, 10 00
lor Farley’s or- J L Waters, 10 00
gan factory, 148 25 W L Gray, 10 00
EmpPees at Ware, Alex Marsh, 10 00
Pratt Co’s, 120 00 Sam'l S Leonard, 10 U'l
Henry W Miller, 100 00 Mason H Morse, 10 00
Mrs H W Miller, 1.10 00 Albert S Brown, 10 (X)
Wm Dickinson, luj 0J F P Goulding, 10 00
Hick, Whiting Francis Hilliard, 10 b 0
Bullock, 100 00 Mrs Henry Kogers, 10 00
I N Keyes. 100 00 Geo A Barnard, 10 00
Wm Thompson, 10« ICO Chas Wilder, 10 90
II B Fav, 100 00 .1 E Green, 10 00
W A Fisher, 100 00 Win J Matthews, 10 00
J Whitman, Jr, 100 00 II L Shumway, 10 00
•his Estabrook Walter Bigelow, 10 00
Sons, 100 00 W m Bush, 10 00
Geo Jaques, 10*100 B W Fletcher, 10 00
Dr Jos Sargent, 100 O') D M Woodward, 10 00
J W Wetherell, 100 CO Rev G H Gould, 10 00
E W Vaill, 100 CO W B Chamberlain, 10 00
Jerome Marble Hiram Smith, 10 00
'o, 100 00 Henry C Rice, 10 00
S Salisbury, Jr, 100 00 Peter DeLacey, 10 00
i hgooil Bradley, 100 00 Sully’ Tower. 10 00
W F Pond, 100 00 John Starkie, 7 00
Janies White, 10" 00 John Fay, 5 00
Wm H Dexter, 100 CO D Boyden, 500
E D Thayer, 100 00 C B Eaton, 5 CO
G W Richardson, 100 00 Geo E Gladwin, 5 00
Forehand Wads- A T Metcalf, 5 (X)
worth, 100 00 AN Chase, 500
Alex 11 Wilder, 10U 00 Cheney Gray, 500
Employees at B 1 E A Gardner, 4 50
Peabody’s, 6G 00 H W Conklin, 500
Empl’ees at Smyth Amos Pike, 5 00
Bros o’s, 56 75 Miss HelenM Allen, 5 (X)
Benj Walker, 5u 00 CM Davis, 500
Mrs Ethan Allen, 50 00 Sum’l Houghton, 500
Fitch Winn, 50 00 J P Buttrick,| 5 00
E T Smith Co, 50 o) Hiram Butterfield, 500
Edwin Ames, 50 00 W S Knight, 500
Geo F Hewitt, 50 00 R L Smith, 500
D& C P Stevens, 50 00 D B l’atterson, 500
J A Colvin 50 (X) Henry Woodward, 500
Urs II K HommondOO Co Sarah F Earle, 5 00
Wll Harrington, 50 00 Sam’i H Putnam, 500
Mrs S F Hawes, 50 00 Henry Bason, 500
J B Lawrence, 50 10 Geo F Wood, 5 00
Tobias Boland, 50 00 Miss S N Cowen, 500
E B Stoddard, 50 00 Geo E Barton, 500
Munroe organ reed P Young, 5 0J
Co, 40 00 Julius Gunther, 5 00
Employees of Mon- D G Temple, 5 bO
roe organ reed ('o4o 00 Horace G lark, 500
Anonymous sub- Henry Gale, 500
script ions, 42 00 W Davis, 500
B 1 Peabody. 34 0O Isaac Fiske, 500
H B Staples, 30 00 Frank W Parker, 500
Employees of J B John Ager, 5 00
Lawren se, 29 50 Mrs J W Gray, 500
Empl’ees of Fitch John B Shaw, 5 0D
Winn, 28 00 J G Tobey, 5 00
Henry M Witter, 25 00 H F Stedman, 500
i>r it Woodward, 25 00 Tll Colvin, 400
C W Hamilton, 25 00 Ell Colvin, 4 00
L B Stone, 25 00 Patrick C onlin, 4 m
Anna Johnson, C Winslow, 350
(a 8 years old), 25 00 Geo Colvin, 3 50
Wm G Strong, 25 00 Wl’ Dorr, 300
E M Barton, 25 00 J E Fisk, 2 50
Emory Bannister, 25 00 Maxey Robbins, 250
HO Lee, 25 00 Win Wood, 250
L J Taft, 25 00 Jonn Martin, 2 50
Jas E Estabrook, 25 00 Edw J Fogarty, 250
if Robinson, 25 00 El’ Fitzgerald 250
has E Stevens, 25 (X) Lady, 225
H P Nichols, 25 00 Win' Butler, 2 17
Andrew Marlin, 25 0 I E Laing, 200
M Dyer, 25 00 Sam’l Gardner. 2 00
Samuel A Pratt, 25 00 Chas Laverty, 2DO
Peter Bacon, 25 00 Patrick Comin, 2 JO
Mrs He Rice. 25 00 Thomas Curan, 125
Miss Kate Allen, 25 CO CN Wood, ICO
II F Edwards and J A Clark, 100
employees, 20 79 Martin Cano, 1 83
Chas H Doe, 29 IX) Thos ,Caue, 183
J I’ Hamilton, 20 00 John Lander, 1 83
Rev E 11 Hall, 20 00 Frank McDermott, 1 83
Edw 1 Comins, 20 00 Patrick Sullivan, 150
J E Browning, 20 00 Cornelius Murphy, 1 50
W P Daniels, 2U 00 Thos Kelley, 1 00
Phinehas Ball, 20 00 Jas Mcßudden, Jr, 100
Mrs EC Rice. 20 00
The treasurer makes the following announce
ment:
The amount of cash funds thus far sub
scribed is 821,108 78
In addition to this— Messrs. Ware, Pratt
Co., contributed in clothing 226 GO
Bigelow Longley 225 (X)
Avery Davis, 50 00
Nichols Johnson, in shoes 50 CO
A total in goods of 551 00
Chas. B. Writing, Treasurer.
The executive committee have issued the fol
lowing appeal
To the Citizens of Worcester:
The undersigned, on behalf of the committee ap
pointed at the meeting on Wednesday evening to
take measures to complete the work then begun in
aid of Chicago, report that they have designated
the following gentlemen, representing your princi
pal trades ami occupations, and have furnished
them with subscription papers, authenticated by
the signature of the treasurer, Charles B. Whiting,
Esq., in order that a thorough canvass may be
made, and now call upon you all to respond, with
out delay, to this, the great duty and privilege of
tlie hour, in a manner and to an amount, worthy of
the second city of this commonwealth. These can
vassers will take charge of the subscriptions prop
erly coining under their respective designations,
and such as are connected with them. They will re
port daily to the treasurer, the amounts received,
which will be duly acknowledged by him in the pa
pers of the succeeding day. He will also receive
subscriptions at the office of Rice, Whiting Bul
lock, corner ol Main and Pearl streets.
The names of the canvassers areas follows:
Apothecaries and Druggists—E 1) Bullington.
Agricultural Implements—Alzirus Brown.
Architects, Artists and Civil Engineers—Stephen
C Earle.
Attorneys and Counsellors—B W Potter, S Utley.
Blacksmitns—Maurice Melaven, S J Chamber
lin.
Books and Stationery and Binders Edward
Whitney.
Boot and Shoe Manufacturers, Finding Dealers,
Tannersand Leather Dealers—S R Heywood.
Boot and Shoe Repairers—Philip Eidt.
Boot and Shoe Retailers—J O Bemis.
Banks and Bankers—Nathaniel Paine, James P
Hamilton.
Cabinet Makers and Furniture Dealers—John D
Chollar, Wm C Bios.
Planing Mills, Carpenters, Box-inakers and Sash
ami Blind Dealers—fl W Eddy, J J Russ.
Carriage and Harness Makers and Dealers—Al
bert Tolman.
Cigars and Tobacco—O P Shattuck.
Clothing Manufacturers Horace W Bigelow.
Commission Merchants—Geo L Newton.
Dentists—John F Adams.
Crockery and Glass—Edw W Ball.
Dry Goods and Carpet Dealers Geo Sumner.
Hotels, Eating Houses and Confectioners—L J
Tuft.
Expresses—.l 11 Osgood.
Fancy Goods and Millinery—H O Loe, L Strauss,
blour, reed and Grain—Geo S Hoppin.
Farmers and Nurserymen—J G Perry, George A
Barnard. 3
Machinists, Foundry apd Wrench Manufacturers
—George S Barton, Lucius W pond, E T Marble.
(Irocers and Tea Dealers Joseph chase, D W
Knowlton, M u Driscoll.
Stoves, Gas Fitting, Plumbing, &c-.l W Jordan
Hats, Caps, Pure and Furnishing Goods-N S
Liscomb.
Insurance—John D Washburn, J R Bonnell
Hardware, Rolling Mills, Iron and Steel Manufac
hirers, Hardware. Iron Dealers and Win* Workers
—II P Duncan, Lincoln N Kiimiciitt.
Lumber and Coal Dealers—John Gates, Jas S
Rogers.
Wool Dealers, Woolen Machinery. Woolen and
Cotton Manufactures and Supplies—C W Gilbert f
B Knowles, W Hamilton.
Masons—Edwin Ames.
Painters—Gerry Hutchinson, George II Clark.
Physicians Dr George E Francis, Dr Joint G
Purx. Dr David Hunt.
Provisions—L L Brigham, John P Streeter.
Stable KeejMTS—N 'l’ Bemis.
Watchmakers, Jewellers and Engravers -Ira G
Blake.
Stone Cutters A G Mann.
Real Estate Brokers—L A Ely.
t ard, Clothing and Setting Machinery—T K
Earle.
Sheriff', Marshals and Police—J M Drennan.
Fish and Oyster Dealers— Charles Stubbs.
Sewing Machines—S L Shaffer.
Musical Instrument Manufacturers and Dealers—
A A Goodell.
Pattern Makers- L 11 Goodnow.
Newspapers and Printers—H L Shumway.
The neighboring towns have also been invited to
join in tin* Worcester subscription, tlirough the fol
lowing agencies, to whom subscription papers have
been forwarded:
.Leicester, D E Merriam; Upton, Wm Knowlton;
Spencer, Win Lpham; Paxton, R E Bigelow; West
Boylston, E W Holbrook; Grafton, H I* Wing;
Westboro, G Brigham; Shrewsbury, Thomas
Rice; .Millbury, 1) Atwood; Whitinsville, Paul
Whitin; Wilkinsonvillp, W Il Bill; Saundersville,
Esek Saunders; Lancaster, CT Sy mines; Clinton,
C L S Hammond; Sterling, W D Peck; Princeton,
SS Hastings; Holden, Col Ross; Brookfield, Em
mons Twichell; East Brookfield, GF Forbes; West
Brookfield, 1 1 11 Blair; North Brookfield, Freeman
Walker; Southbridge, FL Chapin; Oxford, W Ol
ney; Webster, 1* McQuade; Northboro, Geo C
Davis; Uxbridge, G W Hobbs; Leominster, M D
Haws.
The Indios an l requested to send their subscrip
t ions to the treasurer.
Stephen Salisbury, chairman.
J. If. Walker,
William cross,
J. H. Clarke,
E. D. Marble,
S. Salisbury, Jr.,
Michael O’Driscoll.
A. E. Estabrook,
Executive Committee.
M orcoster, Oct. 12,1871.
Argument* before* the ConimifiNiou for
the l.ocalion of the Inion Depot.
The following abstracts include the most im
portant points made in the arguments:
MR. GOULDING'S ARGUMENT.
Mr. F. P. Goulding, for the Boston,* Barre and
Gardner road, made the first argument. Ho began
by explaining an act requiring the location of a
union passenger depot, on the north side of the Bos
ton and Albany tracks, either between Green and
Grafton streets or at a point east of Grafton street
within certain limits. He spoke of the size and
growing condition of the citv, the divison ot feeling
among the principal citizens in regard to the build
ing of a depot to do away with a nuisance; the
difficulties presented by the manner in which the
various railroads come into the citv; the impor
tance of tin* roads and their connecting links. Hav
ing presented these conditions of the case he
passed to a view of the claims of the two locations.
The legislature had left it to the commission to de
cide upon the degree of convenience in the adop
tion ofeither location. Reconsidered that evidence
had shown that it could Im l located between Green
and Grafton streets with no degree of convenience;
therefore, as reasonable men, the commission must
locate it at the eastern point designated. He said
that he appeared for the Boston, Barre and
Gardner railroad—independently for that road,
and in league with no other; it was only
a coincidence that the Boston and Albany
road appeared on the same side of the
question. He described the road for which he
appeared, the prospects upon which it iiad just
begun operation-, the populous country through
which it runs, its many and important connections,
&c. One great consideration with his road in desiring
the location of the depot east of Grafton street was
that it would hasten the final construction of the
depot; the other roads have established stations,and
can wait, while we are swinging in air, as it were,
without a depot, and with the right specified to us
that we may enter the union passenger
depot; therefore it is of the first impor
tance to us that the matter be settled at
once and for all. He argued that the location between
Green and Grafton streets would delay action one
or two years; ami, moreover, require additional legis
lation before if could be built at all. He considered
that the opposition did not desire the location be
tween Green and Grafton streets; they preferred it
as a choice of two evils, and if they succeeded in se
curing that location, he thought, perhaps, it would
be so very objectionable to the Boston and Albany
railroad, that to prevent the location of a depot
there they would join with the Worcester and
Nashua road in securing legislation for still another
and thus between the upper and nether millstones
his clients would be ground to powder. He then pro
ceeded to show the advantages of the eastern loca
tion over the western; for reason of the power of
expansion in all directions for the first, facility of
avoiding the nuisance of a stream of freight travel,
and other general objections which have been re
peated over and over again m the testimony. He
called attention, to the large number of crossings
which would have to be crossed twice for every
train, in running down and backing from Garden
street to the location between Green and Gratton
streets, the impossibility of procuring engine and
freight accommodations nearer than Garden street,
the facilities near the eastern location, in the old
burial ground and the interests of the citv which
would assist the road in securing those facilities.
He claimed that the inconvenience would be the
same with either location, and that the other roads
too may secure room at the old burial ground. He
considered the Inconvenience in reversing their
through cars as great as it would bo to the north
and south roads to reverse theirs, and saw no such
prospect for a great and growing rush of through
travel north and south, as had been claimed; hecon
siderud the interests of the gem-rations to come
called for the consideration of the commission in
deciding and submitted the matter to their judg
ment, having occupied just one hour.
JUDGE POSTER’S ARGUMENT.
Judge Foster came next, in the interests of the
city. He began by saying that the interests of the
citizens and city corporate had plainly been different
from the interest of the railroads; and the city has
been fighting its way step by step to secure legisla
tion which would compel the roads to move in a di
rection which would secure public accommodation
in the form of a union passenger depot. He gave a
brief history of the various legislative acts at
tempted, and the one finally secured for the con
struction of a union passenger depot. Gave the cir
cumstances which created the commission, and con
sidered that, whatever the decision of that commis
sion should be, it ought to be submitted to as just
and for the best public interests. He then stated
some of the reasons which led the mayor and alder
men of Worcester to regard the eastern location as
the only proper one; it was proved by witness after
witness that no station could be placed between
Green and Grafton street if the cut-oil must connect
with the rails of the Boston and Albany railroad
east of Gre. n street; and such provision was unmis
takable in the act, and could not be rejected. The
legislature did not mean to affirm that either loca
tion was best, but left it to the decision of the com
mission to select between the two. But other and
more decisive questions, aside from the cut-off, were
sufficient to show the commission that the eastern
location Was preferable; the cost was one, though
not entirely deceive. The total expenses which
would grow out of the location of the depot between
Green and Grafton streets could not possibly be de
lined ami settled in live years, and the expense
through the railroads must necessarily come back
upon the public in increased rates; the estates of
thirty owners will have to be taken against the will
of the owners; and that cannot be done only in case
of extreme necessity; and should not be done
without careful consideration of the commis
sion, even though it has the power;
this station is to be completed in two
years from the first of last Mav, and this cannot be
done, even by immediately going forward and tak
ing the estates without first making a settlement for
the same. He then contrasted the level plain east
of Grafton street, where but one or two buildings
are to be moved, a place which cannot be looked
upon but us designed by nature for a railroad sta
tion; where there is but one owner to deal with;
where all streets conveniently converge, making it
readily approachable from all parts of the city,—a
situation, in reference to access, cannot be con
ceived which would offer such conveniences to the
public; while in point of access there are none of
these advantages for the other location. He spoke
of the advantages in room for expansion, which is
indefinitely attainable! at Washington square. As
to the comparative merits of the two stations, he
was at a loss, after careful examination of the plans,
to see how any rational man could look upon the
one offered fora station between Green and Grafton
streets as convenient or available for railroad pur
poses at all. He called attention to the plans, and
argued to show that it could not be approached
with teams only at the Washington square or east
ern end—a provision totally and miserably inade
quate for the business of five railroads thus brought
together. The underground portion of one of the
plans was given attention, ana spoken of as entire
ly impracticable and unprecedented—this diving
down into the bowels of the earth and unloading
passengers and trunks in a cellar. He considered
that in dealing with so many roads the matter of
turning the seats was really of trifling Importance,
and existed chiefly in the imagination of those who
presented it as an objection. In fact, he considered
the difficulties, contended by the opposition as so
gn at at Washington square, as not at first existing
at all in the minds ot the managers of the north
and south roads, and which would not exist after
the station should be built. As one reason, greater
than all the others,'he presented the one that the
location of the depot by the commission between
Green and Grafton streets, would result in au aban
donment of the whole enterprise bv the common
effort of all the railroads, and the loss of all the
work by the city to get rid of the great public in
convenience it has been fighting against; and thus
the tight will have to begin anew and all be gone
over again.
MR. RICE’S ARGUMENT.
Hon.W. W. Rice, for the Norwich road:—He
said that ho assented with reluctance to occupy a
port ion of the time, all of which would be best
spent by one ofthe counsel in presenting the geuer*
oral view of the case. He first spoke of the parties
in the matter—the city, the Worcester and Nashua,
the Norwich and Worcester, the Providence and
Worcester, the Barn* and Gardner, and the power
ful Boston and Albany roads. He considered it
proper to designate the locations as the east and west
locations, and proposed to allude to them as such.
He then went on to present the advantages of the
western location, beginning with the fact that it
was a quarter of a mile nearer tin* centre of the
city. He believed that the old system of several
local stations about the city was the best liked by
a majority of the people of Worcester, and consid*
ered the union passenger depot an Institution de
sired by no railroad in the city, except the Boston
ami Albany road; he thought it plain that any re
moval from the center of business in locating this
depot, which it is made a necessity with us to have,
would tend to unsettle business to its serious detri
ment. By the adoption of the eastern location, the
400,000 who annually take the cars in the citv, must
all go a quarter of a mile farther, and lose time,
which in a year amounts to enough to decide in fa
vor of the western location, even if the cost were
8100,000 more. He presented the advantages which
tlie easy walk across the common to the western
location gave to pedestrians. He denied totally
the statement made by Judge Foster that the citi
z-ns had tor a long time been attempting to for ie
the various railroads into a union depot; there was
no indication of such a wish by any vote or act of
such people—they only voted to remove the tracks
from the common. It is because the mayor and al
dermen have been induced to believe that a depot
cannot be built upon the westerly location,
that they are in favor of the easterly location,
they have conn* to this belief without a
hearing they come here uplucod to be
lieve that there is but ono site upon which a depot
can bo built. He proposed to show clearly that the
westerly location was practicable, and argued that
the freight business or both the Nashua and Gard
ner roads must bo dom* iu the yard on the north
side of the easterly location, which would be as
great an objection as the freight tracks north ofthe
westerly location, and considered that the backing
and crossing of the streets to the west ot the easter
ly location presented an objection as great as that
mentioned by the Boston, Barre ami Gardner road
in coming through the city from the north, and
passed to a description of the means of approach to
the westerly location, contending, in contradiction
ot .iud ge Foster'a statement, that a good entrance
might be had at the west end of the westerly loca
tion- as good a one as at the west end ofthe easter
ly location: anil said, after showing the various ap
proaches ami entrances to the depot, that they were
infinitely superior to those of the easterly location,
which was a great reason in favor of the adoption
of the westerly ocation, as well as the reason of Its
sup-rlority, in the tact that it was nearer the center
of the city, Bv Mr. 1 hilbricks own statement, the
apace for the westerly location would be made as
good lu every way for the purpoaei of a depot ai the
WORCESTER: FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 13, 1871.
easterly location, at an expense of 875.000 for tilling
and masonry; the buildings to Im* taken for tlx*
westerly location would cost 8199,000; the cost of
the land over the cost of that east of Grafton street
i5*148,891, making in all an expense over the other
location of $422,816. Now, let us look at the ex
penses attending the adoption of the other location:
the cost to the Norwich road for additional grading
will bo 835,000, to the Providence road, 835,000, the
malleable iron works, necessary for bridging
Grafton street, will cost $82,000, and the cost of
I grading and tilling on the easterly side of the onst-
I erly location will be 810,(MX), making in all 8162,(kN);
deduct that from the additional cost of the wester
ly location, as given, and it is reduced to 8260,816;
the viaduct, which must be built in either case,
will cost 890,000, the grading and tilling
for the same, 854.000-8144,000 in all; this
will form, a portion of the depot if the westerly
location is adopted, so it may also be deducted,
leaving the actual cost of the westerly depot over
the easterly but 8116.816. He regarded the taking of
the houses as of trifling consequence, since they
were gradually giving way to business iuteresu
even now: spoke of the streets to be taken as unim
portant alley.-, discussed the importance of the dif
ficulty presented by the deflection from a straight
course through the city, to which the north and
south roads would bo subjected by the adoption of
the easterly location, and closed by denying that the
interests of the Boston, Barre and Gardner road
were with the Boston and Albany, asserting that
Mr. Goulding, although present by vote of the di
rectors, was acting in accordance with the prefer
ence of the president of the road, and not in accord
ance with any preference expressed by a vote of the
directors. (Mr. Goulding asked if it were not so in
regard to his connection with the Norwich road,
and an explanation did not show that the directors
of the Norwich road had voted a preference.)
HON. P. EMORY ALDRICH 8 ARGUMENT.
Mr. Aldrich, for the Providence and Worcester
road, began by saying that tin* whole agitation of
the matter which has led to the appointment of a
commission to decide on the location for a union
passenger depot, grew out of a desin* to get the
railroad tracks off the common, coupled with a
project of the Boston and Albany road toerecta
union passenger depot at Washington square.
He then discussed the various movements
which have been before the people at dif
ferent times. Ho considered that the ten
dency in public accommodation was to have
railroads terminate on the outskirts of cities
as they grew larger, and not to rush to a grand
depot at the centre. He then spoke directly on the
question as affecting the Providence ami
Worcester railroad That road has not participated
so actively in the contest as some ot the
other roads, but It is not true that tin* road does not
desire a union with the others if it is desirable and
necessary to the public good. It has the same in
terests to promote which the public have, lit* then
described the local nature of the business of the
Providence road, and said he considered that the
main object ought not to be to provide for the
through business, but for the local business, looking
secondly to the accommodation of the through
business. Ultimately, wherever the union depot
goes, there will the passenger depot of the Provi
dence road go; 100,000 tinman beings annually go
to and come from the Green street depot now, and
the location of the depot at Washington square will
incommode that number by compelling them to go
a quarter of a mile farther. If the depot is located
between Green and Grafton streets the inconven
ience will be inconsiderable to the Providence road;
he thought the other roads would be affected in the
same way; it is on the line of the Boston and Al
bany road in either case, and he did not propose to
discuss the matter as it affected that road. He did
not propose to discuss the motives prompting the
different parties. He did not propose to go over
tin* ground already touched upon and to be dis
cussed by the gentlemen to follow him, but asked
the commission to remember and consider what had
been said by Mr. Hilton in his testimony.
ARGUMENT ON HON. OEO. F. HOAR.
Mr. Hoar said the arguments of his friend, Mr.
Rice, had been so clearly pressed that he needed to
do little more than go over the general grounds and
sum up the points made previously as affecting the
case for the good of the public. The Boston and
Albany railroad withits branches, is to this com
monwealth the spine and ribs, he said, and ex
plained the vast power it wielded as atlecting people
and towns in the state. The struggle to-day is a
struggle between foreign commerce and American
interests; another struggle is to bring every other
railroad within the power of the Boston and Albany
road—to make these four railroads do their business
in its back yard, that is what these able lawyers
are here for and nothing more. He reviewed the
effect of high local rates on the Boston and Albany
road as compared to the through rates, and again
reverted to the question of whether or not these four
roads shall be compelled to do busi
ness in the back yard of the Boston
and Albany road; he maintained that it
would be destructive to the Boston, Barre and Gard
ner road to hold the connection with the Boston
and Albany road its president seeks. We are met,
he said, with three considerations by the opposi
tion counsel. The tirst is the opinion of the mavor
and aidermen; we are told their opinion is entitled
to great weight; he denied it, and did not recog
nize it as the opinion of tin* citizens; the mayor
and aldermen have been admitted as competent
parties to the suit, for the reason, undoubtedly,
that they have control of laying out ways and
streets; they stand at best as they would before the
county commissioners in case of an appeal from
their action. It is suggested that the viaduct, if It
is brought to the rails of the Boston and Albanv
road at a point east of Green street, renders impos
sible one of the terms of the act—the first of the
alternatives; he submitted that the commission
had nothing to do with the construction of
the act, the legislature empowered the commis
sion to decide, and intended to make no law
which should prevent the adoption of either.
He claimed that the clear purpose* of tin* act was to
allow the commission to decide which of the loca
tions was desirable for the public good, and the act
cannot be construed to destroy the power. He
maintained that if in the face of the facts presented,
the commission reported in favor of the easterly
location, the court should set aside the report as
calling for something that cannot be done without
the vote of the city government allowing the en
croachment upon the old burial ground. The third
point was, that we don’t want the location between
Green and Grafton streets, bur contend for it in
order to kill the proj.*ct by getting the Boston and
Albany road so mad that it will not submit to the
jurisdiction of the commission, and will institute
new legislation, which shall set aside all that has
l»e< n done. IG* claimed that the greatest benefit
the legislature looked to in the act was the bettor
accommodation of the through travel, and now the
counsel for the Boston and Albanv road wish to
show tha* the through travel consideration is an
-unimportant one, because the roads north and south
have never run through cars until this season, and
now only one. Ile then mentioned as propositions
for the consideration of the commission several
considerations of vital importance in deciding be
tween the locations. First, he inquired if, in bring
ing about a junction of two roads running one to
the north and south and the other east and west, it
would not be considered as of great importance to
cross at a point where neither ro.id would be com
pelled to diverge from its direct course; 2d, if it was
desirable to select a location nearest the center, in
stead of departing to the outside of population, as
the commission was asked to do by the Boston and
Albany road; he considered that the easterly loca
tion if adopted, would be as great a nuisance as is
the Springfield depot, with no better means of ac
cess and five tracks running through instead
of three; thought the location should be
selected as near as possible in a line of
the probable growth of the city, as near as possi
ble at the confluence of the largest streets, in that
spot where the existing state of things is disturbed
as little as possible and where there would be the
least outlay in the construction of tracks, and where
no interference would be made with the competition
of roads; proceeded to support the westerly loca
tion upon all these grounds; and hoped that what
ever was done by the commission, they would not
place tour roads, and they the weakest, within the
power of the fifth, the Boston and Albany road,
with a power which cannot bo helped, at best, but
hoped that in deciding the location the real advan
tages would be considered for all that. He said
that if, in the place of all the reasons produced, the
commission decided in favor of the eastern location
it would be simply complying with the demands of
the Boston and Albany road and admitting that
there was not skill enough among the Yankee engi
neers to build a depot on the other location; it was
simply a snare and a delusion, this talk about en
gineering difficulties. He claimed that the Boston
and Albany railroad made a large profit, wherever
the depot was located, and it was not struggling to
save expense, but to make a still larger profit. He
closed by calling attention anew to the vital impor
tance of decidiug for the best interests of the ma
jority of those concerned.
ARGUMENT OF RON. E. R. HOAR.
As in the case of the other arguments we give
only a brief abstract of Judge Hoar’s remarks,
touching the leading points only and omitting
many matters of detail and legal technicalities.
He said the question was unon which of the two
locations was best for the pnblic need; if upon a
careful consideration of the plans, the business in
terests and the many other important questions con
nected with the matter, he could pass over the sub
ject by saying that he guessed Yankee ingenuity
could find a way to put a depot in the most imprac
ticable place—if that was the proper mode, perhaps it
would be better to repeat the eloquence of the gen
tleman who had preceded him, and then give the
case up. It might be, ho said, that all the virtue,
independence and thrift had retired to the Nashua
road, its officers, agents and attorneys; but he still
had faith in the desire of his clients of the Boston
and Albany road to serve the public welfare in loca
ting the Union depot, and would proceed with that
conviction. In the first place, the legislature had
settled the fact that the present plan of little depots
for each road all about the city should be given up,
and those depots discontinued; it was transparent
that in all the arguments of the opposition they
were looking back at the question over their shoul
ders, towards the|old Foster street depot; perhaps
they would like to have the commission provide one
like it; indeed, he would not wonder if they would
be glad and happy could It be moved down bodily
and put in some three-cornered place near Green
street. But he was confident that the commission
would approach the question on a much
larger scale; there were those, he said,
who clung to the old Foster street sta
tion, but tin* time had come tor more Hl>-
eral provisions to meet a more general and extend
ed demand; there were also those who could re
member when the city of Worcester depended <>n
stage coaches for conveyance to various points out
of town, and when they were abandoned for rail
ears, some men were found who were greatly dis
pleased at the idea of giving up the old coach,
which came to their doors, and being obliged to go
to the oars, but even their prejudice had been out
grown; ami it was to be ho|k*d that none would be
found who could not understand that the populous
future demanded many things that would not do
for the small past. He considered it desirable that
the Junction of all these roads should not be in the
center of the city, but on the outside; It was also
desirable that a great union depot like
the one proposed should have the benefit
of a location capable of expansion, as it was quite
plain that the easterly location was most amply He
considered that the rights of each road found the
same security in one location as in the other as fhr
as that went, but the utter Impracticability of the
plan for a location between Green and Grafton
streets was such as had never before been ottered by
an American genius* bethought the plan for that
station must have been the result of a dream ofthe
designer of the New Haven depot. As to the old
burial ground, he said it was very true that the
Boston and Albany road did not own it; it has the
use of a part of it. and the assurance that it may
have the use of more; but the case does not depend
upon that at all, for there is land enough iu posses
sion of the road without taking any other. There
must be some inconvenience to some party in
bringing so many roads into one depot,
and. in deciding, the convenience of the
public must be consulted and allowed to de
wrmlnc between the two, Tuy act provides that
there shall be a depot In one of these two places,
and does not provide what shall be the condition of
the station, the conditions are to Im* decided by the
commission in accordance with the power given
them by the act, upon which no doubtful construc
tion could be put. The location proposed, east of
Grafton street, is upon a spacious, clear ami level
lot, capable of indefinite expansion, upon which a
station, such as the commissioners see fit, may he
built, with no difficulty as to size and no other diffi
culty except that of leaving some of the trains head
ed the wrong way on coming in. He claimed that
the location wished for by the other roads, if it was
only a suitable place, as they argued it was. would
have every advantage to the Boston and Albany
road that their own location would, but it was not
a suitable place, for many reasons. His clients were
contending for a location which would be conven
ient to the people and productive of as much busi
ness as possible; it made no difference to
them only as it affected the convenience
of the people, for their jintereats wen* iden
tical with those of the road, and unless
it was said that the Boston and Albanv road came
to the hearing with a hostility towards and a desire
to iiyure the other roads, it must be admitted that
they onlv desired the best location for the general
good. He found the Boston, Barn* and Gardner
road wishing to make a connection with tin* Boston
and Albany road for the purpose of going to Bo
ton, the Worcester and Nashua road desiring in lo
cating a depot to connect itself with the Norwich
and Worcester road to the south, the Providence
road, with its avowed purpose of minding its own
local business, not concerned in the matter, and not.
wanting to come into the depot at all, but if n.*ces
sary, to have the location nearest its present site,
and the Norwich road wishing for the best facili
ties of connecting with the Nashua; ho asked the
commissioners not to adopt the location between
Green and Grafton streets, because it was wholly in
adeouatefor the purposes of all these roads, and
would not meet the public convenience orservethe
ends desired in securing a union assenger depot. Bv
Mr. Lincoln’s estimate the cost of the Green and
Grafton street location over the other is tliree
quarters of a million dollars; the opposition hav**
introduced careful witnesses, who have somewhat
reduced it, but it stands forth a serious considera
tion for the commission. Ho then spoke of the
difficulties and delay which would be met at the
start in attempting to go and build between Green
and Gratton stieets.and the facilities for immediate
action at the location east of Grafton street, should
that be decided upon. He dwelt at the close upon
the importance of considering the future adapta
tion ot (he depot to access by other roads yet to be
constructed, and the accommodation of generations
yet to come in the career of this city which lias
every prospect of a mighty future.
This closed the hearing, and the report of the
commission to the supreme court will be the next
movement in the matter.
COUNTY NEWS.
A spirited meeting was held in Lancaster on
tlie night of Ilie lltb, in spite of the inclemency
of the weather. Over S6OO for the suffering of
Chicago were subscribed on the spot, and per
sons are canvassing the town for more. Among
tlie subscriptions are Hon. F. It. Fay ami Geo.
A. Parker, Esq., $125 each; the employes of the
American shoe shank company, SSO; employes
of Ponekin mills, S4O. The ladies arc out in
force at tlie town hall to-day, and will have
several cases of goods to start to-night to Phelps,
Dodge Palmer,at Chicago. The town is thor
oughly awake and something of tlie old war
time spirit prevails.
The judges on the trial of steamers nt the
Fitchburg muster, were Edward J. Grimes of
Springfield, A. D. Drew of Watertown, A. P.
Lesure of Springfield, J. 11. Simonds of Brattle
boro, Vt., S. B. Fairbanks of Hudson, A. B.
Rodgers of Watertown, B. C. Kimball of Man
chester, N. H., W. H. Caswell of Marblehead, C.
11. Sherman of Natick, Joshua Burnup of Wey
mouth, D. A. Sanborn of Somerville, J. M.
Wood of Milford, E. 11. Brigham of Natick. On
the trial of hose companies, U. Montague of
Westboro, Chas. 11. Arlen of Lowell, Geoigo H.
liirniim ol Boston, George Cutter of Somerville,
Wm. Baker of Lunenburg.
The Washington Patriot says that “Prince
ton, Mass., was once a headquarters for tiie
immense and profitable whaling fleet of tlie
United States, but it is losing one by one, by
rot or sale, the vessels which at that.time com
prised those proud fleets.” This is one of the
saddest facts we have learned for a long time.
It is Immiliatiilg that knowledge of so much
interest to the people of this county should be
first obtained from Washington; but we will
not be. responsible for keeping the people of
Worcester and vicinity longer in ignorance of
it. Tlie Barre and Gardner railroad is doubt
less a great benefit to Princeton, but it can
biirdly compensate for tlie loss of "those proud
fleets. But, as Princeton is a conservative town
and respects the authority of Solomon on the
training of youth, we suspect whaling is not
wholly abandoned there.
Clinton, Oct. 10,1871.
Io the Ladonof the Spy:— Please allow me to
state a few factsill relation to the firemen’s
muster at Clinton, Oct. 5* When the represen
tatives of the four different steamers assembled
to draw for turn in playing, Mr. Higgins of the
Amoskeag steamer distinctly stated that he had
no regular organized company, but had live men
from his shop. Mr. Fisher, of steamer
A. B. Lovell, then moved that the
four steamers present be allowed to
to phiy for the prize ami he (Fisher) voted in the
affirmative. I supposed that settled the matter
and that all were satisfied. During the trial
for hand engines (before the steamers had begun
Io play) Mr. Fisher informed me that his engine
should not play for the prize because the
ssteamers from Fitchburg ami Manchester had
no regular organized companies with them. 1
tiled to make him consent and as an inducement
offered to make a second prize for steamers of
$25 upon the following conditions: That
if the Manchester or Fitchburg steamers made
the best play and thus obtained the first prize,
1 would give the second prize to be contended
for by the other two steamers, viz the A. B.
Lovell and the steamer from Milford. Mr. Fis
her would not consent to this, but did afterwards
inform me that his steamer would play for the
prize, but under protest. 1 was not awate that
the A. B. Lovell was obliged to return to Wor
fester by the resnlar passenger train. Had I
been informed of that fact, I would have ar
ranged the matter, and given that steamer an
opportunity to play in season to return by that
train.
The engineers of the Clinton fire department
have made no statement, previous to this, in
any newspaper, and do not propose to enter into
any newspaper controversy in relation to the
muster. They have put no stick into anv “de
cayed mess," and do not propose to hold them
selves responsible for anv statements in any pa
per, excepting over their signatures. If the
Manchester steamer did not conform to the
rules of playing, and used more steam pressure
than was allowable, (which they did not), it
would have been an easy matter for the foreman
of the A. B. Lovell to have called the attention
of the judges to that fact at the trial. No claim
of that kind was made by the other steamers
that played, and of course such claim would
have been made had there been any ground for
iL C. 8. J. Hammond,
Chief Engineer of Clinton Fire Dep’t.
FROM EUROPE.
Npniii.
THE PROGRESSISTS.
Madrid, Oct. 12.—The progressists are about
to organize throughout Spain on a larger basis,
so far as concert of action and party discipline
arc concerned.
personal.
It is known that Serrano and Sagosta arc on
the best terms, and ready to act in unison. It
stated, also, that there is a good understanding
between Sagostajaud Espartcro.
Frit ncc.
THE GENERAL COUNCILS.
Paris, Oct. 12.—A jnajority of the members
elected to the conseils {/eneraur are supporters
of the present administration, and friendly to
the president. About one-ninth of the members
returned are Bonapartists.
Criminal Record.
STAGE ROBBERY.
Sas Francisco, Oct. 11.—The Cloverdale
stage was again t übbed near Cloverdale, Sonoma
county, yesterday.
FORMIDABLE ORGANIZATION OF OUTLAWS.
St. Louis, Oct 12. —The governor's procla
mation, calling out the militia in (Dunklin and
Stoddard counties, results from reports of
Capt. Woog, who has been investigating affairs
there. It appears that what was originally in
tended as a political organization has merged
into formidable bands of outlaws, numbering
six companies of fifty each under a captain.
They are called kuklux and dead men. They
rob and murder all who favor the enforcement
of the laws, regardless of politics, being com
posed of fugitives from Illinois, Arkansas and
Kentucky.
THE ELECTION RIOTS.
Philadelphia, Oct. 12.—The republican
state committee offer a thousand dollars reward
for the arrestjof the murderers of the negro Cutts.
Au indignation meeting by the republicans is
propose* I.
Political.
PENNSYLVANIA—THE REPUnLCIAN MAJORITY.
New Oel. 12— The cbairman of the
Pennsylvania republican committee telegraphs
that the state gives eighteen thousand republi
can majority, with a gain of seven representa
tives and two senators.
OHIO—THE RESULT.
Columbus, Oct. 12.—The senate stands a tie;
the buuse, 59 republicans to 45 democrats, and
one independent. Noyes’ majority is about
2 2,000,
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
to Tin: woKCEiTrn daii.t an
THE GREAT <OM I K.K tmiA I
RELIEF POURING IN.
THE SAD STORY OF DEATH.
KXTKRPRIZE OB’ CITIZENS
THE LOSSES ANO INSURANCES.
Kto., Mto., Eto.
RENEWAL OF FIRES —CITY QUIET.
Chicago, Oct. 12, 11 a. m.—There was a re
newal ot fires last night but nothing occurred
to disturb the city. General Sheridan has com
plete control and confidence is fully restored.
The relict committees are now thoroughly organ
ized.
ADDRESS TO MERCHANTS AND CAPITALISTS.
At a meeting of the various committees from
other cities, last evening, the following address
lo the commercial men and capitalists of the
United States was adopted:
“Alter a careful survey of this unparalleled
calamity with the evidence before us ot over
whelming losses, individuals suffering and their
pressing necessities, we pray our fellow citizens,
especially those having business relations with
Chicano, whose enterprise and energy have con
ferred honor on the American people, to sus
tain their business in this hour of trial. Their
calamity is great. Extend to them a generous
liberality by compromises and extension, and
the largest possible advances of money, so that
business prosperity may and can be restored,
the desolated district rebuilt, and its greatness
re-established.”
HINTS TO GIVERS.
The following message has been sent:
A report just made of the mayor and commit
tee, through George M. Pullman, chairman,
states that no more cooked provisions are
needed. 11 such is sent probably much wdl be
wasted. Tents and shanties are going up.
Cooking stoves are being provided and soup
houses arranged, to ensure the greatest econo
my and efficiency m the preparation and use of
food, io aid in this money is the chief
requisite; or let other contributions be in flour,
hams, ami especially blankets, clothing and
bedding. Semi all money by draft, addressed
to and made payable to the order of David A.
Gage, city treasurer, Chicago.
J.H. Devereaux.
THE MOST URGENT WANTS.
Mayor Mason telegraphs to Fisk the follow
ing: “We need money, blankets and clothing
more than food.”
Another dispatch says: “Send currency and
small bills by Adams’express; can’t use drafts,
as no banks are open.’’
MAIL orders.
Superintendent Wood issues the following to
postmasters and route agents: “Make up no
mails for distribution here except Chicago city
mail; all other send to the larger offices for dis
tribution.”
THE DEAD.
The body of the man who crawled into the
water main was recognized ns that of A. Leck
son, of 31 Milwaukee avenue. Twenty bodies
were taken from the basements of two buildings
on the north side, near the Chicago avenue
bridge.
RELIEF COMMITTEE.
the relief committee is thoroughly organized,
with O. E. More president, and David A. Gage
treasurer. The committee met with the coun
cil, and all moneys should be received by David
A. Gage. Probably forty thousand people were
fed yesterday.
provisions.
Provisions are still coming from all directions.
J. Preston has general charge of receiving
supplies.
THE BANKS.
An adjourned meeting of the banks of Chi
cago was held to-day. Resolutions were
adopted, to open for business as soon as possi
ble, pay immediate instalments not exceeding
seventy-five per cent., and additional instal
ments as rapidly as the assets are made availa
ble. Deposits for the present will be paid out
as trustees for customers.
STATEMENT OF GEN. SHERIDAN.
Gen. Sheridan has issued an order stating
that no case of outbreak or disorder is reported.
No authenticated report of an attempt of incen
diarism has reached him, and the people are
calm and well disposed. The force at his com
mand is ample to maintain order, but he sug
gests continued I watchfulness by citizens until
the smouldering fires aie entirely extinguished
APPEAL FROM THE MAYOR.
Mayor Mason issues the following appeal:
Clothing and all protection from the cold
will be needed through the winter as well as
now. Send such articles forward in as large
quantities as possible. Collect money and hold
it subject to our order. Send in provisions that
will keep. Cooked meats may spoil before we
can distribute them. Aid arrives liberally now,
and we want to husband our resources as much
as possible, for a Jong winter is before us and
the sufiering will continue until our laboring
classes arc enabled to sustain their families.
R. B Mason, Mayor.
RECOVERING THEIR SPIRITS.
There is a marked change in the spirit of the
people. The first feeling, of utter prostration,
has given way to confidence. The burnt dis
trict is no longer an object of interest, save as
to the situation of sites for rebuilding. Every
business man who can find a shed in which to
resume has begun business. Country debtors
are remitting their claims, and insurance solven
cy becomes more and more promising.
NOT WANTED.
Gen. Sheridan makes a request, through the
associated press, of people not to come there
anxious to visit Chicago from mere curiosity,
thousands of this class are here now, without
shelter or accommodation, and must be fed and
eared for the same as the sufferers.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The telegraph operator at St. Louis has sent
supplies of clothing to his brethren here.
General Superintendent Stager, of the Western
Union, has procured a carload of provisions
from Cleveland for their use.
A Krupp shell, a relic of the siege of Paris, ex
ploded in the house of Mr. Cowles, business
manager of theTribune, during the fire, making
a breach in the walls fifteen feet wide from foun
dation to roofs.
Gov. Palmer has called the legislature together
to-morrow, at Springfield. A committee goes
hence, to suggest measures of relief.
laommcm and liiNuraace.
THE FRANKLIN COMPANY.
Chicago, Oct. 12. —The Franklin insurance
company, of Philadelphia, lose $600,00U, and
send word that they will pay in full.
INCORRECT REPORT.
The report that the Union national bank lost
money, papers, etc., is untrue.
THE PROVIDENCE COMPANIES.
Boston, Oct. 11. —A special to the Journal
says the insurance companies of Providence
affected by the Chicago fire are: The Washing
ton, Roger Williams, Hope, Atlantic and Amer
ican. Their condition this afternoon is as fol
lows: The Washington Inis an insurance there
of $675,000 and assets of $4.10,000. They ad
mit that they are ruined. The American com
pany, calling their insurance there a total loss,
will use up their capital aiffi surplus, sure. The
Hope, on the same basis, can pay ninety cents
on a dollar. The Atlantic is not so hopeful.
The Atlantic and Washington are cancelling
policies. The Roger Williams have just held a
directors' meeting, and, calling their Chicago
insurance a total loss, felt confident of paying in
lull, and having a surplus which they propose
to increase by additional capital, and continue
business. The Washington will surely reor
ganize. Of the other prominent insurance com
panies here, the Narragausett Inui but $38,000,
and the Merchants but SIB,OOO. The Economical
Mutual life had notadollar invested in mortgage
in Chicago, and make no in any fvnu there.
PRICE 4 CENTS.
TJIE HARTFORD COMPANY.
Hartford, Oct. 12.—The following circular
has been issued from the office of the Hart lord
lire insurance company to-day:
Office Hartford Fire Insurance Co.,
Hartford, Conn., Oct. 12,1871. I
To the Agents of the Hartford Fire Insurance
Company: The assets of the Hartford fire in
surance company October 1, 1871, were 82,-
785,877. From reliable information from our
general agent at Chicago, alter an examination
of his books, we estimate that our losses will
not exceed 81,200,000. which will leave us with
a capital unimpaired and assets amounting to
over 51,500,000. That we shall meet all our
present and future obligations and do business
successfully is beyond question.
George L. Chase, President.
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
The following additional are reported:
New York Companies
Home 82,000,000
American gft.uco
Atna 200,000
Germania 225,000
Hanover 225.000
Kings county 30,(XX)
Niagara 225.0*0
National 15,000
New Amsterdam 40,(MM)
Belief 10,000
Republic 225,0<X)
Providence.
Washington 675,000
Narragansett 38,000
Merchants 13,tW
St. Louis.
American Central 350,G00
Anchor 27,(MX)
Citizens 25.000
Globe Mutual 25,000
Boatmen’s 20,000
Philadelphia.
Enterprise 8125,0C0
Franklin OOOJHJu
Insurance Co of North America.. 600,U00
English Com pa n ies.
Liverpool and London $2,(XX),000
Otobe 2,000,000
North Britisb.and Mercantile.... 1,000,000
Hartford.
Hartford S) ,200,000
Other Cities.
Williamsburg ('ity 870,000
Audes, Cincinnati..; 250,(X»
Bro°k!yn 250,000
Allemania, Cleveland 25,000
German, Buffalo s,oqj
Help for the AHIu ti il.
THE VOICE OF THE OLD WORLD.
Frankfort, Oct. 12.—As soon as the news of
the fire in Chicago reached here an extra edition
of the German-American Economist was issued,
giving the details as known, and calling for
prompt action in behalf of the sufferers. Pur
suant to this call a meeting was held, at which
the leading banking housesol the city were rep
resented, and a relief committee organized for
the collection ami disposition of funds. Frank
fort will send a liberal contribution.
Vienna, Oct. 12.—The leading merchants and
bankers in this city have opened a subscription
for the relief of Chicago.
London, Oct. 12.—The feeling of sympathy
for the sufferers of Chicago is wide-spread, and
active measures for their relief are being taken
on all The lord mayor, supported by the
leading houses of the city, issued an appeal for
subscriptions. The meeting called by Schenck
at the Langham hotel to-day will be largely at
tended. It is probable the common council of
London will vote a large sum. A meeting was
held at Birmingham last night, and committees
appointed to collect funds in aid of the sufferers.
The meeting was presided over by the mayor of
the city, and in addition to the action taken for
the future, was very successful in immediate re
sults. Six firms gave one hundred pounds sterl
ing each on the spot. The amount collected will
be sent by cable to Mayor Hull to-night, so that
it may be used immediately. George Dixon, a
member of parliament for Birmingham, has
been zealous in pushing forward the relief,move
ment. The most heartfelt sympathy for the
victims of the calamity is everywhere expressed,
and the amount of money contributed fortheir
relief in Great Britain will be large.
boston’s response.
Boston, Oct. 12.—Subscriptions in Boston for
Chicago up to this evening amount to 9250,000.
William Gray, Alexander H. Rice and Eben 1).
Jordan start to-morrow morning for Chicago, as
a commmittec to consult with the authorities
of that city and aid in the distribution of sup
plies.
WHAT IS DONE IN NEW YORK.
New Fork, Oct. 11.—The relief committee
of the chamber of the commerce have ap
pointed a committee of conference with the
Washington authorities, and agreed to com
muniente witli the Chicago chamber in relation
to the proper disposal of funds. Tlie fire de
partment is raising a subscription, headed by
Ilie commissioners with 5100 each. The metal
trade has contributed $10,000; tlie leather trade,
$14,500; Bank of Commerce,ssooo; officers and
clerks of United States courts, $2500; mer
chants' exchange, $9120; wholesale grocers and
jobbers, $40,800; W.|E. Dodge,now! in England,
$10,000; Blight Co., of Rockdale, Englund,
$5000; C. I*. Huntington, $5000; students at
Columbia college, $2000; other minor contribu
tions aggregate several thousand.
The national camp meeting association lias
tendered the use of its immense tent, now at
Indianapolis.
The national academy of design will take
measures for the relief of their professional
brethren. It is understood that Bicrstadt lost
$15,000.
MONEY CONTRIBUTED.
The following amounts have been contributed
or promised:
New York $500,000
Albany 30,00.>
Jtondout 4.1.00
I'M 0
Washington 35,000
n vv. 12,000
Haverhill 12,000
Utica 20,000
loronto lu.w-o
san b ranclsco 100,000
Salt L.keCily 5-j.OOO
Newport, IL I 3.000
Providence 21,000
Schenectady 5,000
Ti enton 20,000
Newark 25.000
Middletown, N. Y .W'.. 2.500
Montreal 50000
Norwich 10,000
Hartford 25,000
Brooklyn, N.Y 11 ,350
Poughkeepsie, N. Y 2.334
Philadelphia, Pa 114,000
Saratoga. N. Y 1,1'5
Louisville, Ky 150.000
Detroit, Mich 25.000
Pittsfield, Mass 5.500
Salem, Mass 50,000
Hyde Park ],OOO
Newburg 1,4,0
bubiln, Ireland 2,500
London, England 50,000
MISCELLANEOUS.
Halifax is raising a large amount.
Sacramento and other towns are subscribing
liberally for Chicago.
The printers of Galveston give next Monday's
wages, and their Jiberarsubscriptions are going
on.
The Knights of Pythias, theatres and other
boilies of New Orleans are collecting subscrip
tions. All parts of the west and southwest are
liberally subscribing.
Benevolent people in New Bedford are active
ly collecting supplies and clothing for the Chica
go sufferers.
The theatrical managers of New York have
voted to hold benefits different nights for
Chicago.
Other Fires.
TERRIBLE LOSS OP LIFE!
Pit AI RIES ON FIRE!
FORESTS IN FLAMES’.
COINTI.EHM BVII.DINEM BIRRED!
Etc., Etc., Etc.
Detroit, Mich., Oct. 12.—The news from
St. Clair and Huron counties of this date is of
the most distressing character. All that portion
of the state east of Saginaw bay and north of a
point forty miles above Port Huron bus been
completely swept by a fire. A number of per
sons have perished, and it is feared that we
have not heard the worst. The villages of For
estville, White Rock, Elm Creek, Sand Beach
and Huron City are entirely destroyed. Rock
Falls and Port Hope are partially destroyed.
Nothing has yet been heard from Port Austin or
Port Crescent, but it is hardly possible that they
have escaped. At all these towns there wepj
;M•
AI»VEHTIMIAa KATIJ9.
Daily Hpt—For the “Square* of fen line* bo)(
agate type, 1 time7.s eta.; each subsequent Insertion 5®
cts.; 1 week $3.75; 2 weeks $4.00; 1 month $6.00; 1 year
s6o—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two Unes for one week $1.00; three Une $1.25;
fourllno. »l.Kj Ove Local notice. IS teal,
per line for each ln«ortion. Bmldm. nollcea 15 cent, per
line. Obituary notices, retolutions, 4c., 15 cents per line
Legal advertieeminu Sl.no per .<,nare for Orel taser
tlou; each subsequent Insertion 50 cents,
Special poeitions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Werkly Spy—First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
large stores, many filled with winter stocks, ex
tensive saw mills, shingle mills, and docks cov
ered with lumber, all of which were swept a way.
It is said that but one block is left on the shore
about Forestville. A steamer which left Port
Huron, last night, for the relief of the sufferers,
returned this evening with about forty men,
women and children, five being severely burned.
Ihe revenue cutter, Fessenden, which started
toi 1 ort Austin, picked up a sail lioat, contain
ing Isaac Green, the principal owner of Forest
ville, with his family, and eighteen or twenty
others, who escaped the flames at Forestville.
The telegraph operator at Forestville escaped
through the fire back into the country.
All telcgrepb offices along the shore are de
stroyed, but communication will be restored
soon. Five children perished near Rock Fulls,
R. B. Hubbard, at Huron City, shot all his
horses and cattle to prevent their perishing by
fire, lie loses heavily, having a large store,
mills, docks, etc. The extensive property of
Stafford Hayward at Port Hope is about the
only one that escaped. Five* thousand dollars
were subscribed to night for the relief of the
sufferers of this state. The light rain of yester
day seems to have greatly abated the fires
throughout thefstate, and it is believed that the
worst has passed. Scarcely a countv in the
state but suffered ftom fire, and the lo<s will
amount to hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The damage to pine land is incalculable. Sag
inaw City only escaped destruction through
the determined efforts of the citizens. Bridge
port was saved by the rain yesterdav morning.
At Holland on the east shore of Lake Michigan,
the flames made a clean sweep. There is scarce
ly a buildiivj left. The sufferings of the people
were promptly cared for by the mayor and citi
zens of Giand Haven. Prof. Chas. Scott of
Hope college perished, and a minister whose
mime is unknown.
LATER.
Detroit, Oct. 12.—Ihe cutter Fessenden,
with seventeen refugees from the lake shore,
have reached Port Huron. Two will die. l\»rt
Austin escaped. Thu {fire in Windsor, opposite
here, this morning, destroyed the business part
of the place. The Great Western depot was
saved. The incendiary was arrested.
AWFUL RECORD OF DEATH.
Chicago, Oct. If.—A dispatch is received
from Green Bay. Wis., stating that a steamer
has arrived, bringing the report that three liun
<lred ami twenty-five bodies were buried at
Pishtegs, hist night, and as many more are still
missing. Seventy-five persons were burned to
death at Little Sturgeon bay, ami the suffering
throughout the north is terrible. With the ex
ception of the loss of property, the tire is almost
as appalling as the burning of Chicago.
Later.— Further accounts from Green Bay are
received. Over one hundred and fifty men were
burned to death in a large barn, where they had
taken refuge. Hundreds of people were driven
by the flames into the river, where most of them
perished.
AT WINDSOR, ONT.—LOSS HEAVY.
Windsor, Ont., O t. 12—McGregor’s bank,
the post office, telegrah office, the Great Western
railway slation and many other buildings were
burned last night. Loss $150,000; insured.
REFUGKEB FROM THE FLAMES.
Kincardine, Ont., Oct. 12 A boat contain
ing two men, a woman and nine children, and
the body of a child who died from exhaustion,
arrived yesterday from Sand Beach, Mich., hav
ing left there Monday to escape the fires.
AT MANISTEEj MICH —TOWN NEARLY DE
STROYED.
Detroit, Mich., Oct. 12.—News is received
that the largest portion of the city ot Manistee,
Mich., has been destroyed by fire. Manistee is
on the east coast of Lake Michigan, has 440 in
habitants, and one of the greatest lumber pro
ducing towns in the state. There arc no tele
graph stations within thirty miles.
IN THE WOODS—STILL BURNING.
Toronto, Oct. 12. —The disastrous fires con
eoutiuuc|in the woods of western Ontario.
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, Oct. 12.—Two thousand two hun
dred laborers, cal cd the “large pipe” men,
struck work this morning, marched down to
city hall park, and are demanding their pay for
September work. The city paymaster savs'that
he has not a cunt to pay them.* A huge force of
police is on hand to preserve order. Therois no
trouble as yet. The court house building is held
by police.
There was the usual crowd in the supreme
court chambers, this morning, when the Inger
soll case was resumed. Gen. Barlow, ex-.hi7lge
Barrett, ami R. L. Lawrence appeared for Win.
F. Havemeyer, the plaintiff*, and ex-Judge Fuller
ton and Mr. Stoughton for the defendant. Judge
Barrett agreed to leave the matter to the coin t
without further addresses, and Judge Ingraham
said he would take the papers and. authorities,
and adjourned the case to next Tuesday.
The Times and Tribune state that tremendous
efforts aie being made by the “ring” to haw Con
nolly removed as controller,in order that Deputy
Green may thus be got out of the wav, as the
recent developments connected with the forgeries
of Keyser’s name seriously implicates the most
prominent officials in the city. Ihe Times savs
that notwithstanding all the impediments put in
the way of investigation by the New York print
ing company, the committee have unearthed
jobbery and plunder bevond expectation. Ihe
Broadway bank, a ling concern, has at last
opened its books to the committee.
It appears that the action tor a mandamus
against controller is an amicablej one, by ar
rangement with Green, to obtain a judicial de
cision whether anything in the two per cent
levy act conflicts with the power of controller to
raise the funds called lor.
The president ol the Broadway bark states
that no forged warrants were ever paid bv the
bank. The forgeries must have been on docu
ments preceding the drawing of the warrants.
Hundreds of election inspectors have been
sworn in at the bureau of elections, which is
under the management of Tammany.
A verdict of $2500 was given Albanv to-dav,
against the Michigan Central railroad, for poods
burned at Detroit, they having been delayed by
the road.
The anti-dramshop party in Albany nominated
a county ticket.
Mr. Seward had a flattering reception at Au
burn, last evening. In response to a welcoming
address, alter thanking them lor their continued
kindness, he said they had met together not to
part again. In his long journey, having seen
nearly every race and nation on the earth, be
found none in which his character as an Ameri
can did not afford safety, respect and consid
eration.
The birthday of Columbus is being celebrated
by the Italians to-day by a festival in Jones’
wood.
Capt. Leach and Mate Smith, of the ship Eu
terpe,’accused of scuttling the ship, wire dis
charged Horn custody by Commissioner Shields.
Jack Daley, James Murday, Geo. Butts and
Dutch Hendricks are reported as shot in Chica
go while pillaging.
New England Dispatches.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Oct. 12.—1 n accordance with the
suggestion of President Grant, the banquet pro
posed by the city on the laying us the corner
stone of the post office, will be dispensed with.
A salute of thirty-seven guns was fired on the
common to-day in commemoration of Cclum
bus* discovery of America. The proposed Ital
ian celebration in honor of the event was post
poned till to-morrow, on account ut the storm.
The seizure of tobacco yesterday, by govern
ment officials, calls forth a card from Samuel
A. Way, in which he denies any intention of
evading the custom duties, and says the govern
ment, after proper investigation, will release the
tobacco.
The two boys killed on the railroad in Quin
cy, Wednesday night, have been recognized as
belonging to the factory school at Full River.
They ran away and came to Boston on the cars,
Wednesday, and were walking back ou the
track when killed.
Lowell, Oct. 12.—The city government on
Tuesday night revoked all licenses for public
entertainments, and at the same time accepted
an invitation to attend in a Ixxly the public
ceremonies of laying the corner stoue.of the new
Catholic church of the Immaculate Conception,
by Bishop Williams, on Sunday next. which
will attract an immense assemblage. Yesterday
the Ixiard of aidermen passed a vote that it was
inexpedient to hold a meeting of the citizens in
sympathy with the Chicago sufferers. This
great inconsistency of action called the atten
tion of the board of health, and at a meeting
this forenoon they addressed a letter to Father
McGrath, saying that in the present sanitary
condition of the city, and the measures taken to
prohibit public gatherings, they respectfully
suggest that the ceremony may be postponed
until such time as it may be performed without
the fear of spreading the contagion which pre
vails.
Later— The ceremonies ot laying the corner
stone of the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion, to take place on Sunday next, has been in
definitely postpone I, in compliance with a sug
gestion of the board of health.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Oct. 12.—David iently, alias
James Wilson, will be Imug in Hartford county
jail, to morrow, for the murder of Warden
Williard.of the Connecticut state prison. He
will accept no spiritual advice, except from Mr.
Wooding, chaplain of the state prison, and re
fuses the offices ol any clergyman in prayer on
the scaffold, saying that when he is through
with a half houi's speech, he will pray himself,
if he is moved to do so. He professes to have
no dread of death. He made his will to day,
bequeathing his laxly to the medical
college in New Haven, provided that
the college shall donate a sufficient
[Continued on Fourth Fage.|