hi
&in edurasiti gaiij ^os
runtlNnED EVERY MOBXIXa.
(SUNDAY EXCEPT FD,)
t B* per yenr, ifpuhl strictly In advance
Otherwise, 1& Cents per Month.
Cbt gtassacbusctfs
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At £SB per Aninim.
J IP. BALDWIN A CO., Proprietors.
NO. 444 MAIN STREET.
^Mortcsfcr gailn £pn.
CITY NEWS.
The exercises at the hinh school dedication
will begin at precisely fen o’clock this morning.
A class in singing, it will be remembered, is
to be formed to-night, nt the rooms of the Peo
ple’s clnh. under the charge of Mrs. Sumner.
Daniel Ward, who was before the municipal
court Wednesday morning, was up (or truancy,
nut larceny.t
Fritz, our Cousin German, who, as personified
by Emmet, has won so many friends here and
elsewhere, will appear at Music hall to night.
A meeting of the benevolence section of the
people’s club will be held Saturday afternoon,
at five o’clock. Charitable work of immediate
interest and importance awaits the action of the
members.
The fourth annual hall of the St. Jean Bap
tiste society was held al Horticultural hall last
Hight, with music by Southland’s orchestra, on
which occasion our French citizens enjoyed
themselves highly.
Lewis Barnard, Esq., gave a very pleasant re
ception at his elegant residence on Lincoln street,
last evening, in honor of bis associates of the
board of aldermen. The mayor, members of
the city council, and others connected with the
city government, together with his associates in
the legislature, were present.
A Mrs. Heywood, sixty-five years of age,
slipped and fell on the ice as she was leaving a
house on Carroll street last evening, and re
ceived injuries which rendered her helpless fora
time. How set ions the injury could not be
judged.
Miss Edith O’Gorman, recently converted to
Protest intism, and for several years an inmate
of a [convent, will appear at Mechanics hall,
Monday evening, January Ist, for one night
only. She will on this occasion deliver a new
lecture, never bes >rc given in this city, subject,
“The Mass and Ceremonies of the Catholic
Church Explained.” She will also relate how it
was she became converted to Protic I ant is.n. See
advertisement in amusement column.
Another opportunity is offered for Wor
cester people to hear the Handel and Haydn
society sing -Mundchohn’s “Elijah, with Sa nt Icy,
Madame Patey and the other English ^ballad
singers as the soloists. An extra train will he
run from Boston to this city on Sunday night,
Jan. 13, provided fifty persons desire to avail
themselves of the opportunity. Names should
be left immediately at the music, stores of S. R.
Leland C j., and Richards, Metcalf Co. An
extra train will also be run on Saturday. 12th,
to hear “Stabat Mater” if it is desired by a suffi
cient number of persons.
Tn addition to the addressee by Gov. Bullock,
and others, at the high school dedication, the
mu oc of the occasion will be of more than ordi
nary interest. Th? exercises will begin at ten
o’clock precisely, with the performance of the
overture to “Z tin pa,” by the orchestra, and af
ter devotional exercises the beautiful trio, “Lift
thine eyes,” from “Elijah,” will be sung by
young ladies of the high school, to be followed
by other musical selections by the band. A
piano solo, also, by Mr. E. B. Story, showing the
superb instrument just presented to the city by
the Hon. Stephen Salisbury, and the singing of
the ode written for the occasion, by a select
quartette comprising three ladies and one gen
tleman, the music having been composed ex
pressly for this purpose, will be attractive and
pleasing features of the services of dedication.
Fire.—A fire at half-past six o'clock yester
day morning burned a large wooden building
on Washington street used as a dry-house at
Fox's mills. The alarm called the fire depart
ment in time to save adjoining buildings by
prompt action, but the dry-house was consum
ed, at a loss of three or four thousand dollars;
covered by insurance.
Municipal Court.—Napoleon Guertain was
before Judge Williums yesterday, and was fined
5100 and costs for keeping a liquor nuisance.
He appealed and gave bonds. Bi id get Curtin
and Mary Smith weic each fined SSO and costs,
which the}’ paid. Thomas McGuinness, ar
raigned for assaulfaud battery, was discharged
but John Mahoney and Morris McHenry were
tined $5 and costs each lor assault and battery;
appealed. Wm. Miller paid 52 and costs for
drunkenness.
A Foundling —Wednesday evening, about
nine o’clock, an infant apparently about four
weeks old, was clandestinely, left on the door
step of Mr. Lyman Drury, Kinusbury street. It
was neatly dressed and wrapped in a shawl.
The bell was rung, and before the door was
opened, the figure of the person who rang it
was seen dimly through the glass. The infant
was taken in and will be cared for until a suita
ble place for it shall be found. Those responsi
ble for the crime of deserting this infant, might
have had sufficient regard for it to leave with it
a memorandum of its name and age; but they
seem to have been entirely heartless.
Superior (Civil) Court Bacon, J—
Friday, Dee. —The case of Herbert E. Syl
vester vs. Peter Reynolds, appellant, to recover
tor the use of a mill in Warren, was settled by
the parties before going to the jury.
No. 1186, Robert F. Laverty vs. Stephen F.
Forbush, to recover damages for injuries from
the bite of a dog belonging to the defendant, in
consequence of which he was partially disabled
for several months. Verdict lor the plaintiff
fors29B, which is doubled by the statute, (mak
ing it $596). The plaintiff sued for SSOOO dam
ages. 11. ('.Rice for the plaintiff, Sprague so.
the defendant.
The court has adjourned to Monday next,
when the following cases will be in order: Nos.
1192,1215,1216,1217,1242, 1255,1257,1259, 12G6,
1269.
The Relief Fund for Chicago and the
Northwest. -The treasurer of the fund raised
in Worcester and vicinity for the relief of suffer
ers by the great fires in Chicago, Michigan and
Wisconsin, presents the following list of addi
tional subscriptions, and an account showing
how the fund has been distributed. We believe
the contributions of Worcester have been at
least as liberal as those of any other city of
equal population and wealth. They have been
received from not less than five thousand per
sons, in sums varying from fifty cents to one
thousand dollars.
Additional subscriptions to the fund in aid of
Chicago ami the northwest.
Amount previously report eh $45,604 27
Levi Hardy, oxford 5
m. G. Maynar I 5
North Ox ord U pliM t-ocicty hi 07
Smyth Bios. A Co. (additional) 30
Total amount subscribed 545.660 94
For the information of subscribers to the
above fund the treasurer makes the following
report of disbursements:
To Ch-cago Relief and Aid Society SIO,OOO
To staic mdlef oinmluecof Western Michigan 4,000
To Gov Fairchild of Wi.sco 'Sin, for sufferers in
that stn e 4.000
Paid tor boots, shoes and r.ew clothing sent to
Chicago and the Northwest 1,095 77
Pai t tor railroad fares to sufferers by tires and
other expense' ,"96 85
Distributed by the Masonic Fraternity, of this
c ty, in Chicago 2,000
Dial ri outed by Worcester police In Ch c ig0.... 167
by wish of citizens, to triend sui
fe«ershy the nres 99 r
DlstiibU ed by I O. of O. F 500
Balance on hand f ,r distribution by direction of
the executive committee later in the season,
or. as occasion may require 2,369 32
Subscriptions remaining unpaid 135
S43J.GO 94
Chas. B. Whiting, Treasurer.
Worcester. Dec. 20.1811.
The Ball of the City Guards.—The ball
of the City Guards at Mechanics hall, last eve
ning, was as great a success as the members of
the company could possibly have hoped lor.
The fact is, of course, due to the excellent man
agement of the affair and the enthusiasm with
which the members worked in disposing of
tickets. A medal voted to the one who should
sell the largest number was won by private
Charly 11. Parker, who sold fifty-two. The
^g^^^vhich preceded the dancing was one of
lllll® afibidcd much delight to the
The pieces by the lull band
I’ro\id-ii rar.- apphnd
Al llrs iv Hi.vlt: his ap- I
Oovrcstcr Hl wud >pn
VOL. 26, NO. 308.
penrance the recognition was enthusiastic and
prolonged. He played the Iwu solos on the pro
granime, and was called out for the third by nn
encore which he could not withstand. Several
companies from other cities were represented by
officers present, including Capt. Dennis of the
Providence Light Infantry, with two others t f
his command; Col. 1). I). Wiley of the Third
Brigade staff; ('apt, Whitcomb of the Fitch
burg company, and others. Mr. George Tower
furnished an excellent supper in Washburn
hall.
The Nett High School Building.
The day having at last arrived I or the dedka
tion of our magnificent high a^hbol bulidiDg, a
description of the structure will be found of
pnitlcular interest this morning to the people of
our city who have been watching the growth
and development of the project for tWo years
past. The contract Wils stalled oh the last day
of December, 1860, and operations began on the
lot the following spring. The site is that of the
old high school house, on Maple street, with an
estate in the mt r khuWn to the committee as
Ilie Stoddard lot. It has a front of 175 feet 6
inches on Maple street, with a depth of 187 feet
6 inches on Walnut street. The location is on
land ot sufficient height to give the building u
prominence over all other buildings in the city;
with a maunillrvnt view of the surrounding
country from the roof or tower, which latter is
one hundred and sixty-five fleet in height.
1 he building itself differs materially in style
from any other in the city. Il can hardly be
called Gothic, although it is a little on that or
der of aichitectuiv; neither Is it classic. On
rhe whole, the architecture is of original
design, receiving its most striking charac
teristic from the use of black bricks and
tile, which form the ornamentation. The
pressed bricks in the walls are of a
fine surface and color, set off to advantage by
the granite and freestone trimmings. The main
entrance, on Asa pie street, is approached by thir
teen broad granite steps—Fitzwilliam granite—
of which also are the handsome walls enclosing
the grounds. The steps leading to the doors are
in two flights h ading to the right and left and
turning opposite with a broad step midway,
the landing having ample space. The stairs arc
also of granite, with brick balustrade and free
stone railing. The lofty tower with the dock
at about half its height rises from the center
I rout, and on each corner is a turret trimmed
(like the tower) with slate in colors and orna
mental railing. The whole outside appearance,
although extremely difficult to describe, exceeds
in beauty and grandeur any building in the
county, and, as is generally conceded any school
building in the state. The clock and bell each
costing 51000, were presented, the former by
Mavor Earle, and the latter by Wm. Dickinson,
Esq.
The intoior arrangements and finish arc on
the same magnificent scale. The woodwork is
native pine, finished with shellac and varnish,
rhe balustrades being of black walnut- In de
scribing the various rooms, we will begin at the
basement, which is entered by a door under the
grand entrance and also by doors in the north
and south ends—the north designed for the girls
and the south (or boys. On opposite sides of
each entrance arc the dressing rooms and water
closets, furnished on the most approved plans;
and in these rooms are seen the starting
points of the ventilation system, which
is on the Haynes plan, so arranged that
the air is kept pure without destroying the
warmth, the radiation being both direct and in
direct—from warmers in the halls and some of
the rooms and also from coils in the ventilators,
through wlrch rhe cold air is taken and warm
ed. The currents are governed by registers
throughout the building. The boiler and en
gine are entirely out of the way, across the
street. The whole interior of the basement is
left open for a gymnasium and play-ground, in
size 62 by 75.
The first floor, into which the ground
entrance opens, has a spacious hall twen.
ty feet wide running the entire length
from north to south, the broad staircases
leading to the upper floors from each
end. The width of the entrance haP
is 82 feet. On this floor arc three school
rooms, each about 28x32 feet, with desk room
for fifty pupils; these are located in three
corners, the fourth corner—on the southeast
being given to the library, which is about one
third larger than the school rooms. Leading to
the right from the main entrance is the princi
pal's room, from which bells and speaking
tubes communicate with each of the thirteen
school rooms in the bouse. On the west side*
opposite the entrance, are three rooms—the lec
ture room, the labelatory and the room for
philosophical apparatus. The appointments in
each of these arc perfect. The lecture room has
a broad table, with a pneumatic trough for ex
periments by the lecturer, while the seats are
arranged on the amphitheatre plan, giving the
student at the back of the room an equal op.
portunity to see with those at the front. The
laboratory is furnished in detail, baffling de
scription here. There arc working facilities for
thirty students.
The second floor lias six of the schoolrooms
such as were described on the first floor. We
will, however, describe them further in this
connection by mentioning the fine oak desks of
the Ross normal school pattern, and the black
board of liquid slate make extending around the
room. The teacher’s desk is of black walnut.
The second floor also has the twenty foot wide
hall with stairs at each end leading to the half
above. Aside from the sehoolrooms on this floor
there are ladies’ ami gents’ dressing rooms for
the use of teachers, provided with set bowls*
closets, etc.
The upper floor is occupied mainly by the
large hall, in which the interesting dedicatory
exercises are io be held to-day. Its dimensions
are 60x72 with a half circular platform at the
cast side. This docs not give a just idea of its
capacity, however, for the schoolrooms in the
four corners are provided with folding doors,
which when thrown open bring the rooms
within good hearing and tolerable seeing dis*
lance of the platform. These upper schoolrooms
are not yet provided with desks.
The foregoing description purposes to give
the reader some idea of the appearance and ca
pacity of Ibe building, which is the pride of the
city, although the work of another summer
will be necessary to complete the beauty of the
surroundings. The history of the enterprise
from its first inception, the history of our high
school, the prominent men who have from time
to time been identified with it, and in fact al)
that is known of interest in connection with the
whole affair will appear in the addresses of Gov.
Bullock, Mayor Earle, Hon. P. Emory Aldrich,
Superintendent A. P. Marble and others, who
will appear upon the platform at its dedication
to the use of flic youth of Woiccster.
It is, therefore, unnecessary to speak further
of the bouse and school at this time. That the
credit of the masterly work in its construction
may fall where it is due, we will give the names
of ihe architects, and ot the contractors and
sub-contractors, as far as we were informed:
The architects from whose plans the building is
erected are Gambrill Richardson of New
York; their agents here, and upon whose care
and correctness much was depended, are Messrs.
Earle and Fuller, who have directed the archi
tectural portion of the work from first to last.
The contractors were the Norcross Brothers a
sample of whose skill stands forth in the beau
tiful woodwork; and the contracts left by them
were taken by the following parties: For the
brick work, by Alpheus Walker of this city;
foundation, Robbins A Pike; granite in the
building, B. J. Blanchard ami Mann Bigelow;
granite surrounding the lot and the steps, D. M.
Woodward; freestone, Carew Walsh of Bos
ton; excavations, Michael McGiath; heating
apparatus, George W. Walker Co., Boston;
plumbing, Greene Jordan; glass ami black
boards, George IL Clark.
The city council of 1869, who ordered the
building of .this edifice, were quite unanimous
that it was time that Worcester possessed a high
school building worthy the name, but were not
ready to pronounce Walnut street the best loca-
tion. 'The school board had annually preferred
its report for nn appropriation lor a new build-
ing, and iiorn motive<ol economy, accompanied
with a desire to build well, when they did build,
the city council annually postponed the enter
prise until a more convenient season. An at
tempt to Hud a lot of ample size between Walnut
and Chatham streets proveed unsuccessful, and
there were those who urged going a much
greater distance southward. Hut this was
thought to be too much out of the centre, and
Walnut street—the old site—was finally agreed to
unanimously as the only wise and feasible
choice. Previous to any action by tile city
council, a petition bearing the signatures of more
than one thousand influential citizens and
father.- of families, headed by ex-Mayor Rich
ardson, was laid before that hodyUtgitlr iui
ntedlale decision. The city council, nothing
loth to proceed, provi led the question of loca
tion was satisfactory, gave their committee on
education extraordinary powers. They direct
ed them to procure plans, and make the neces
sary contracts, placing the whole question of
the architectural character of the building and
its cost into their hands without further consid
eration by the council. That conlmittee. Con
sisting of Mayor James B. B’ake, aldermen Al
bert Tolman and George S. Barton, and eGun
oilmen S. V. Stone, John S. Baldwin, A. B.
Couch and Nathaniel Paine, took counsel ol
the school board, Hon. P. Emory Aldrich and
others of the high school committee accompany
ing them in their visit to inspect the school
buildings of other cities and towns, and just two
.rears ago to-day signed the contract which has
given us the magnificent building which is
to be dedicated today. It stands a splendid
monument to the intelligence and public spirit
of our “model city of the world.”
Muiuta j Notices.
Church of the Unitv: Rev. John Wehs of Water
town will preach Sunday morning and evening.
Plymouth church: Rev. G. W. Phillips will offi
ciate for the tlr>t tune as pastor of this society, at
Mechanics hull. SiTtice* at io l and 7 o’clock. The
public most cordially invited. The g I lories will be
opened in the evening.
Th. re will be an address on temperance at the
basement of st. Anne’s church, Shrewsbury street,
Sunday evening, at 7>. o’clock, by Mark M. Price
of Providence
S S. Foster will preach in Anthrope logical hall,
at 2' z o’clock. Subject Christianity contrasted
with the religion of our churches. hurch mem
bers specially invited.
There will be a discourse at the Summer street
mission chapel to-morrow morning, connneinora
tive of the recent death of one of the members of
the Sabbath school (the pastor’s daughter.) All the
youth of the school, together with their parents,
are especially invited to the public services at 10' 2
o’clock.
The Christadelnhians meet on Sunday, at.
o’clock a. m., at tneir hall, 582 Main street, up two
flights. Subject—The earth, the abode of the saints.
Fourth discourse on New Testament characters
at the Universalist church, to-morrow evening.
Subject—“ Peter the Enthusiast.” Service at seven
o’clock.
Trinity M E. Church: Services at 10a. m. and
2'j p. m. Subject for a. m.—The closing year. Ser
mon in the p. m., to working women. Watch meet
ing in the evening.
COUNTY NEWS.
A barn and quantity of hay in the southwest
corner of Leicester, on the Sibley Converse
farm, was burned on Friday morning, and the
house, which was near by, was with difficulty
saved by the steam fire-engine from Leicester
village, three miles distant. The f irm had re
cently been sold, and the premises were unoc
cupied. Of course the (ire was incendiary.
New England Dispatches.
M ASSACHUBETTS.
Boston, Dec. 29.—A portion of the shoema
kers of Natick are on a strike against a decrease
of wages.
The governor ha> commuted the death sen
tence of Charles 11. uffee, the negro boy who
murdered an old man in Dartmouth, to life im
prisonment.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Concord, Dec. 29.—The city council of
Nashua has appropriated 515,000 gratuity to
the Wilton railroad extension to Greenfield, and
the Nashua and Lowell road pledges 5280,000.
This secures its construction.
Criminal Record.
ROBBERY.
Toronto, Dec. 29. —R. 11. Manning, agent of
the Passaic zinc company, was robbed yester
day of a package of bonds, stocks, &c., worth
840,000.
FAMILY TRAGEDY.
Memphis, Dec. 29.—Joseph Musso, a grocer,
had a difficulty with his father-in-law and
mother-in-law in his store yesterday afternoon,
which ended in his shooting both of them, the
former in the abdomen. She will probably die.
Musso is arrested.
CHARGED WITH BRIBERY.
Chicago, Dee. 29.—The investigation into
charges of bribery against certain members and
ex-members of the common council is now in
progress before the special grand jury. Several
important witnesses have been examined, but
the investigation is being conducted with the
utmost secrecy. It is asserted that evidence
sufficient to convict several has been obtained.
IMt er.— The special grand jury empauneled
to investigate the charges of bribery and cor
ruption against certain members <>f the com
mon council, made a partial presentation to
day. Ihey found tme bills of indictment
against Aldermen McGrath and Glade, cx-Al
dermen Montgomery ami Walsh, and recom
mend that all be placed under heavy bonds. The
work of the grand jury is but partially accom
plished. It is expected that every guilty metn
ber will be indicted. This will probably wipe
out half the board.
EIGHTEENTH DAY OF THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Annapolis, Dec. 29.—1 n the Wharton trial,
Prof. McCulloch, of the Washington and Lee
college, testified that he deemed Prof. Aiker’s
anah sis of Gen. Ketchum’s stomach defective,
and insufficient to establish the presence ol an
timony.
TO BE HANGED.
San Francisco, Dec. 29. -William Donovan,
a farm laborer, who murdered his employer,
Mitchel, in Contra Costa, in a dispute over ten
dollars, has been sentenced to be hanged here
Feb. 19.
MORE GUILTY KUKLUX.
Columbia, Dec. 29.—1 n the United States
court, the following kuklux prisoners pleaded
guilty, and were sentenced to eighteen months
imprisonment and one hundred dollars fine:
Henry C. Warlick. Milus Carroll, Eli Ross
Stuart, Josiah Martin and Samuel G. Brown.
The trial of Dr. Edward Avery, charged with
conspiracy in preventing colored men from
voting in October, 1871, and in punishing them
for voting in 1870, then began.
MURDEROUS AFFAIR.
Memphis, Tenn. Dec. 29.—An old man,
named David Graves, was s 'ot and mortally
wounded by his son-in-law, Joseph Musso, last
night. Musso also shot his wife and mother-in
law, but not seriously. The shooting was caused
by domestic infelicity.
LYNCHING.
Cincinnati, Dec. 29.—Last Friday evening,
says a correspondent of the Tinies and Chron
icle, a man, named Browning, accompanied by
others, went to the house of George Duncan,
colored, in Bracken county, Ky., it is said, to
whip the latter or eject h'm from the house.
Dunean showed fight, and, on the door being
broken down by his assailants, fired into the
crowd and killed Browning. Duncan was
captured and taken to Brookville jail in his
shirt and drawers. Sunday night at nine
o’clock iiftv-two disguised and armed men took
him from jail and started in the direction ol
Powersville. Duncan slipped away from the
party, but wns recaptured and finally hanged to
a tree, a mile and a half from Brookville. There
was great excitement in the place Monday, and
it was difficult to proemc information.
all quiet.
Littleßock, Dec. 29.—Gen. Danforth, the
governor’s adjutant, returned from Chicot coun
ty last night. He reports all quiet.
Accidents.
BOILER.
Baltimore, Dee. 29.—The boiler in the steam
saw mill of Harrington Brothers, corner of
Pratt and Tremont streets, exploded this morn
ing. One of the brothers Harrington was killed
and several persons severely injured. The build
ing is a complete wreck.
CARS.
New York, Dec. 29. —About ten o’clock last
night Albert J. Ives, train dispatcher at the
Mortis and Essex railroad depot at Hoboken,
was coupling two rars, when the train suddenly
backed, and his abdomen was caught between
the platform of the cars, crushing him fearfully.
He lived little over half an hour.
The Weather.
Washington, Dec. 29.—The condition* are
favorable for the development of an area of low
pressure in Arkansas and Missouri, moving
northeastward on Saturday. Threatening
weather will probably continue in the gulf and
southern states, with rain on the latter coasts.
An area of rising barometer, with partially
cloudy and clearing weather, will probably ex
tend during the night and on Saturday south
eastward over New York.
Gentile papers are urging a citizens’ meeting,
in opposition to the admission ol Utah.
WORCESTER: SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 30, 1871.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
SO THE WORCESTER, DAILY IFY
From Washington.
jaPECIAL DISPATCH TO THE DAILY SPY.|
Washington, D. Dee. 29.
MR. ELA.
Ex Congressman Ela of New Hampshire ar
rived here to-day, and will assume the duties
of the tilth auditorahip on Tuesday next.
UTAH.
L ite advices from Utah are not very hopeful
to the progressive Mormons. It is stated that
Mr. Hooper, Mormon delegate, has more
difficulty than be anticipatcil in getting the
Mormons on his compromise platform—to pro
hibit polygamy in the future, if it is only con
doned in tiie pa<t.
SUBSIDY QUESTHNS.
Parties interested in securing the extension of
the laud ami bond subsidy to the Central Branch
oi the Union Pacific road, arc now busily en
gaged here in trying to fix up a scheme by
which tbequestion can be decided without risking
further action of congress. In connection with
the plan to submit the case to the new attorney
general, the awkward fact has been ascertained
that Mr. Williams argued agaiilst an extension
of this pariieulir subsidy before Mr. Aker
man, last summer, when the latter decided in
favor of Mr. Williams’ clients. It is confidently
anticipated by the friends of the China and Ja
pan and Australian line of steamships, that they
will get bills passed through Congress this win
ter increasing the .subsidies of these lines.
Ke lon.
(Tn the Anaociateil Preus.)
POSTAL.
Washington, Dee, 29.—Since the 4th iust
the miill sefvice lias been placed upon twcutv
nine new railroads or extensions of old ones,
m iking an aggregate of 968 miles of new rail
road comm u n leal iun uipiKed for postal service.
NEW I EAR S HOLI DA i
The treasury department will be closed from
three this afternoon until I'uesday morning.
The war department will ids give the <m
ployes a holiday tomioriow, and in the other
public offices hcic there will be no biisi:n>s
transacted after to-m htow noon until Tuesday.
THE NEW BRGULATION.
The secretary of the treasury to-<liiy i’ Idr^ssed
the allowing letter to all collectors of customs;
Treasury Department, Dec. 2'.i.
Sir: The rule- in regard to appointments in the
civil service of the government, prepared by the
commissioners on civil service, and approved by the
president, will take effect on Monday next. On and
alter that day appointments and promotions in
your oilice will be made hi accordance witn ihu-
rules, as far as practicable. It will be necessary to
organize a committee of competent persons (o make
competitive examinations ot candidates for appoint
ment and for promotion, and until an appropria
tion has been made by congress to defray the ex
penses, it will be necessary to name as commi-sion
ers persons who are already in the service of the
government and connected with your othce.
1, therefore, request you to give me the names of
three persons who, in your opinion, are b. st quali
fied to perform that duty; and unless objeclion
shall appear, your recommendation will be approved.
You will receive herewith a copy of the report of
the communication, together with the regulations
approved hv the president, which, until otherwise
directed, will be the guide of your conduct.
Very respectfully, Geo. s. Boutwell, Sec’y.
One of the rules prepared by the civil service
commission, and adopted by the president, re
quires that all postmasters hereafter appointed
whose salaries amounted to 5200 per annum or
over, be subject to competitive examination.
Tha list has been completed in the post office
department, showing that the total number of
such offices is 5109. When vacancies occur in
the larger of these offices, the rule of promotion
will be applied, if any subordinates then in are
found fitted. In case of failure to pass examina
tion, or absence of subordinates desiring promo
tion, the office will be open for public compe
tition.
In addition to this class of offices, the hooks
of the department show that there aie about
25,000 postmasters whose salaries do not amount
to S2OO per annum. These appointments will
continue to be made upon simple applications,
supported by testimonials of character satisfac
tory to the postmaster general, a large propor
tion of the offices being accepted merely for the
accommodation of the public. About one-half
of the total number of postmasters receive a
compensation not exceeding 550 a year.
In accordance with the suggestion of the civil
service commission, the president will appoint,
as a regular examining board, three persons
from each of the different departments of the
government, who will personally conduct all
examinations of applicants, being governed in
their action by the regulations from time to time
established by the advisory boanl. It is prob
able that the duties of the latter board will not
require a continuous session.
FINANCIAL.
Treasury balances at the close of business to
day
Coin 5111,175,635
Currency 10,40 J,4<il
Coin certificates 35,606,200
The following is a statement of the United
States currency outstanding:
Oki demand notes 92,5C1 25
lx»gal tender notes—new issue 151,271,131 00
Legal tenders—series ot 1869 206,228,864 00
One year notes of 1863 118,447 0)
Two-year notes of 1363 40,552 50
Two-year coupon notes 1863 3-4,3 *2 50
ompound interest notes 721,190 09
Fractional currency—first issue 4,391,899 0O
Fractional currency—second issue.... 3,190,790 83
Fractional currency—third issue 4,696,608 27
Fractional currency—fourth issue 18,458,975 61
Fractional currency—fourth issue—
second series 10,029,773 85
Total 8399,274,170 77
Customs receipts for the week ending Dec. 23d:
New Y’ork 81,571,786
Boston 443,*67
Baltimore 152,3'i9
Philadelphia 94,»20
Total 82,262,102
Internal revenue receipts:
To-day 5288,920
Total for the month 9^76,818
Total for the fiscal year to date 65,503,’536
RUSSIA.
A letter from Minister Curtin says that during
the past year rents and the cost ol living at St.
Petersburg have advanced from thirty to fifty
percent. Trade with the Uniled States is in
creasing every month. During the past summer
25,200,000 pounds of cotton, worth 8,000.000
rubles, have been imported from the United
States, to say nothing ol petroleum and other
articles. Mr. Curtin says that it will be impossi
ble to get Americans to fill unpaid consulates,
and they are all of that character but two—that
at St. Petersburg and Odessa—so that unless
congress repeals the law our commerce will not
have the benefit of such officers in most of the
Russian ports.
DOCUMENT FROM SAN DOMINGO.
Several leading Dominicans have united in
preparing a review in English of the report of
the St. Domingo commissioners, addressed to
the people of the United States. It commences
by demonstrating that the commissioners con
stantly endeavored to disguise the truth of his
tory in order to improve the political reputation
of Baez, and then proceeds to show’ that they
have been destitute of sincerity and good judg
ment in their accounts of the opposition to Baez,
headed by Cabral, uttering and publishing stu
pendous falsehoods that could only be suggested
by partiality. In a final summing up of the
case it is asserted that the embryo annexation
project had not its source in a spontaneous wish
of the Dominicans, but in the selfishness of their
rulers, and that there is among the people a
strong opposition to the annexation idea.
CALEB CUSHING AND THE GENEVA CONFER
ENCE.
Gen. Caleb Cushing, one of the Geneva coun
cil, will sail to join his colleagues within the
next three weeks. The report that he will re
main here until a short time before the final ar
gument is to be made, is incorrect. Gen. Cush
ing does not credit the story of the famous lost
book, with an American statement ol the case,
having fallen into the hands of the British gov
ernment. The losing the book was not of suf
ficient importance to justify the fuss that has
been made about it. So far ns the American
counsel are concerned, they would not have ob
jected to the British government having a ropy
of their statements, provided they had used it ip
preparing their own ease, as it would place the
American counsel in possession of the line of
defense of opposing counsel. Gen. Cushing ex
pects that the Geneva tribunal will
render a decision in August or Sep
tember of next year, ind that the mat
ter will not be open for a year after the
final arguments tire made, as has been reported.
A full and complete copy of the British side of
the case is expected to arrive here to-day or to
morrow. It is understood to be the work of
Prof. Bernard, wlri was one ot the high <om
mission, and aided in framing the treaty.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
The third annual report of the board of Indian
commissioners has been presented to the presi
dent. There are two leading features in the re
port, as follows: The boanl differ with the
president regarding the removal of nil Indians
into the Indian territory. The second is the ex
posure and defeat ot liogus claims against the
government, amounting to 51,580,620. Major
(h neral Schofield’s report on the present condi
tion ot military and Indian affairs in Arizona,
says: The remoteness of this scene of hostilities
from of supply, necessitates very large
exp.' f 7 >r transportation, etc. rhe necessary
resistthat whether troops in Arizona are few
’•1 munv, the cost per man must be much greater
than the av< ißge «»i the entire aimv, which dis
proportion is still more ip- r«'i»sed by the cost ol
constant active operations against the Indians
A TIGRESS.
This afternoon, officer Doyle, accompanied In
two other noliecmen, attempted to arrest a Mrs.
shea, in her house. She resisted, and shot
Doyle with a pistol ball, taking effect in his
mouth, from which wound he shortly after
died, bleeding to death before medical assist
mice could lie procured. Mrs. Shea is now un
der arrest.
MINOR MATTERH.
Interested parties who have made diligent in
quiry nt the treasury department believe that
I the gm eminent will insist upon collecting the
two and a half per c nt tax on the dividends I
declared by corporations on the first day of Jan
itmy next.
The report that counterfeit fifty dollars of the
new is-ue have made their appearenee is not
I credited by Gen. Spinner, he having received no j
information on the subject, while one of the i
treasury secret service corps, who has made
special inquiry, pronounces the report without
foundation.
The president Ims received a telegram from
<'ovington, informing him of the continued con
valesri nec of his lather.
New Year’s dav being a holiday, the public
debt statement will not be issued until Tuesday.
Our New York Dispatcnes.
The J>ifirrr:ier Between Tweed of <M<I
mid Tweed nt ■•rewiil <'on>>>idrrablc
Twcedtediini Mlippridie 'l'hinkM He
4'mi Mlip Out Through n l.egnl l.oop**
hole tariotiN Kinboticnl Perform
ance*, etc.
New York, Dec. 29. At nine o’clock this
morning, ju t as Sheriff Brennan reached his
office, I wvol, nreomranied by a number of his
Hi mi-, entered his office, mi l alter a smiling
salutation iiniiounct il that Ite had conic to stir
ren h r himself
I hv. ;<l was in company with ex-Judge Fuller
ion, Win. O. Bartlett, Ab. h’utriH and Gratz.
Mabmi of Ihh coiilscl, his sons Williaifi mid
Richard, his m-iilicw mid several otnvrs Fol
low ing in rear of the patty cus Terence Em lev,
the n iliing bons l<inau, who Io )kCd thoroughly
sham '-faced. Mi. f-'ccd mid Sheriff Bremen,
after a I mg consultation, compromised the mai
ler of bail by releasing Farley, and th*' other
boudsiiH ii sluicing his liabilities among them.
When the ncerssmy torm- had been gone
fhronjb with. I weed and (irty retired, the
“B being ill ;l sj" i.dlv genial htlnlor, mid
scattering his smiles brmtdcit.st among the
rowd of admiring ward politicians wimawaited
exit. Before leaving the sheriff' he handed
him a long list of names with instructions io
consult ii Hid a«'t uecorihngl.y in case any more
bail should be required,
Last night Mayor Hall received a formal Ict
ie; i>f r«signation from the commissiotier of
public woik-, Wm. M. Tweed, lie was pre
pared lor it apparently, for he at once filled the
vmanev by the appointment of George Van
Noct, the pie-el!’ controller of public parks.
I hi- appoininit nt is supposed to be nt the sug
gestion of the eommitiecoi seventy. Ccnifolh ’s
bail wiil b; completed to-day, ami it is probable
that an application Will at once he made for his
unconditional release on the purely technical
ground that while the grand jury of the oyer
mid terminer is in sc. lou.the grand jury of the
general sessions in iv not legJll.y find indict*
mcHts. Tweed will also in likelihood avail liun
self of this icgul loophole
It is strongly suspected iimong reformers that
the conlHiuaiiec of the gran.l jury ol the court
of oyer and terminer is owing to “ring” in
tlai nee, the object being to previmi the finding
<>f further indictments by the general Missions
grand jury I lie oyer and terminer jury has
been occupied a lotig time in investigations, ami
spent many dav over the ease of Fisk, Jr., but
thus far without an.' practical results. One of
the chief causes <»f defection among Tweeds
bondsmen, it is said, is due to their iinwilling
mss to stand an examination by tile reform
lawyers as to their property, some of their real
estate having been purchased from the city at
pi ices much below its real value. A reporter
says that he is inlbimcd that Tweed was yester
day negotiating with an agent of T. A. Scott
for the disposal ot some oi his property.
There are ten more indictments against J. D.
Miner, who has just been acquitted of counter
feiting. it is the Intention of the government to
try him upon one of these at an early day.
F sk is repotted to have secured the suppres
sion of his cji respombmcc with Helen Josephine
Mansfield and the discontinuance of her suits by
the pavment of 556,000.
The up town portion of the city isnot .vet fully
supplied with gas. It is expected there will be
enough to inert the requirements in a lew days.
At a meeting ol the emigration conimissioneis
yesterday the committee report was adopted de
claiing that the suffeiingof the passengers on
the cholera sreamshir. Franklin were due to in
sutheient ventilation and want of proper water
condensing apparatus. The commission has a
large number of unemployed laborers on hand
who want to go south.
It seems to be generally believed that Tweed
will not take his seat in the senate upon the as
semblagc ol the legislature next week. Chas.
Devlin was justified to day as one of the sure
ties of Tweed, slating the valuation of his prop
erty at 5365,100. Tweed, after walking down
Broadwav with Cornell, stopped in the sheriff’s
office, and then proceeded to the department of
public works, where he introduced Van Nort,
his successor, to the clerks, and initiated the
new commissioner in his new place. To a re
porter who visited Tweed at the department
works to-day, he stated that he forwarded his
lesignatlon last night to the mayor. He had
been ready to resign two months ago, and
would have done so, if he could have got his
man appointed. This was Judge Bixby’s broth
er. lie could not succeed in Ibis. In reply to
the inquiry whether this would be the close of
his public life, I weed replied
“I am a senator."
“Will you go to Albany, Mr Tweed?”
The reply was:
“1 am a senator."
Siibseqiicnllv, in replv to the question about
his reported flight, Tweed said:
“It was only fools who could suppose I would
Ure, and when ihey said I was hiding yesterday,
I rode in Third and Fourth avenue cars, where
scores of people who knew me saw me.”
onnolly was not able to perlcct his bail to
day, owing to the withdrawal of a lady who had
offered to go on the bond for 5100,000.
This afternoon G. M. Van Nort was sworn in
as commissioner of public works, vice Tweed,
resigned. He will take immediate possession of
the office. The new commissioner is a Fenton
republican, and it is understood that he will act
with Conti oiler Green in cutting down the ex
penses.
Mayor Hair signed a check to-day for a mil
lion dollars on account of the quota of the state
tax due from the county of New York fur the
year 1871
om roller Green has deposited 5100,000 to the
credit of the department of parks fur the pay
ment of laborers.
Mayor Hall lias not sent his resignation to
the Union club, but it is expected he will do so
at the next regular meeting
A\ in. \l. Fwecd sent in, on Thursday last, his
resignation as a member of the. board of direc
tors of the Erie railroad. It was accepted, and
Henry Sherwood of Corning, N. Y., has been
elected in his stead.
The rammany hull general committee met to
iiighr to reorganize. Tweed was not present.
I lie meeting seemed utterly devoid of enthusi
asm. Much sympathy was expressed lor Tweed,
but Sweeny’s name was received with derisive
cheers and groans. Alderrn m Woltmau occu
pied the chair, and spoke of the necessity of re
organizing the democracy of New York. In
spectors were appointed, ami primaries fixed to
be held earlv in January. Among those present
were Tom Fields, Justice Shandley and Judge
Barnard.
Another fraud in the tax commissioner’s office
has been brought to light. 'Thetaxes of Messrs.
Alden Co to the amount of 875,000, were
marked dismissed on false affidavits, the
amount paid the city being 54000.
An elevator gave way at the Fifth avenue ho
tel this afternoon, and four servants were seri
ously injured
R v. Wm. M. Tavlorof Liverpool has accepted
a call to the Broadway tabernacle church, this
city.
Judge Gilbert of (Brooklyn granted an order
this afternoon, dissolving the Atlantic insurance
company of Brooklyn, the Manhattan of New
York and the Security of New York, on applica
tion of its receivers.
Comparative cotton statements: Total receipts
of Hie year from Sept. 1, 1,383,861 bales, against
1,476,935 the same tune last year; total exports
this year, 690,045, against 815,213 lust year;
stock at all United States port*, 188,735, against
521.163 last year; at interior towns, 95,682,
against 107,745 last year; American afloat for
Great Britain, 187,000, against 855,000 last year.
'Hie Delta Psi society commemorated its
twenty-filth anniversary to-night by a dinner.
Stewart L. Woodford presided. There was a
large representation of southern chapters.
Representatives were also present from P lila
delpbia, Trinity college. Hartford and New
Haven.
Fire Record.
AT NEW YORK—LOSS 818,000.
New York. Dee. 29. —Afire in Maiden lane
last night damaged the building occupied by
William Ester, fur importer, to the extent of
SIB,OOO.
AT NEW YORK-LOSS $20,000.
New York, Dec. 29.—A fire on East Tenth
street damaged the saw mill of Rodman Hep
burn $20,000.
AT LITTLE ROCK “LOSS 5100,000.
Little Rock, Dec. 29—The loss from the
file Last night is estimated at about 5100,000.
AT ST. LOUIS—LOSS $25,000.
St. Louis, Dec. 29. —The extensive planing
mills of EversJ& Co., Morgan street, were near-
Iv entirely destroved bv lire this evening. Loss
525,000; insurance 815,000,
XT XEW YORK LORI* $25,000.
New York. I be. 29 There was a (Ire this
Hiorhitig in the oil refinery of Lunhcrt, Ay ri’s
flic foot of West 65th street; damage
$25,000.
FROM EUROPE.
Parent Britiiin.
THE PRINCE.
London, Dec. 29. —A bulletin from S.indiing
linm states that the prince is gaining strength,
and the swelling above his hip has subsided ami
causes less pain.
A NEW I’OLITH AL ROMANCE.
World special: Alarmed at Mr. Gladstone’s
rctmtilican tendencies, the conservative section
of the liberals, led by the duke of Somerset and
Viscount Halifax, are seeking to form a coali
tion with the tories, fur the purpose of electing
Mr. B uivci ie speaker of the house ol commons,
instead of Mr. Brand, and to compel the retire
ment of Mr. Gladstone.
THE murderer’s DOOM.
Cyrus Tickard was hanged vesienlav morning
for the murder of Duncan McVarral, his em
ployer, hist April. Owing to the nervousness of
the i xicutioner, the knot slipped under his chin,
and after the drop fell the lope with which his
arms were tied broke. He struggled fearfully
fur several minutes until he died.
LETTER FROM TIIE QUEEN.
The afternoon papers publish a letter from
(Jueen Victoria, In which she says she desires to
express her deep sense of the touching sympa
thy exhibited for her family by the whole nation
at the illness of her dear son. The universal
feeling shown by her people during the painful
and terrible days of the prince’s illness, their
sympathy with her*vlf and her beloved daughter,
the princess of Wales, and the general joy m in
ife<tcd at the improvement in the health of the
prince, have made a deep an I ineffaceable im
pression upon her heart.
The manifestations of the people arc nothing
new to her, for she met the sum symp ithy ten
years ago, when a similar illness remove I the
main stay of her life, the best, wisest and kind
est husband that ever lived. She says also that
she whites to express the heartfelt gratitude of
the princess of Wales, and concludes the letter
with the hope that her faithful subjects will
continue to pray for the complete recovery of
Hie prince.
Fra ncr.
MILITARY.
Paris, Dee. 29.— I lie, committee of the as
sembly on reorganization of the army propose
to make the term of military service live years
on active duty, four years in the first reserve,
and six year' in the secondary reserve.
TROUBLE WITH THE GERMAN TIKJOP>.
An attemut was made, Sunday night, in the
tott n of duirlcville, in (he department of the
Ardennes, to assassinate a corporal and trum
peter belonging to ;i Bavarian regiment quar
tered at that place. The wound received by the
corporal, it is suid, will result in death. The
German military authorities have commenced
a searching investigation into the affair. The
repeated outrage? upon German tro ips in the
occupied department have caused the issue.of
orders providing for the severe punishment of
all persons guiltvof slight offences.
The master cf the college in Vitry-la-Francais
has been seized anil held as a hostage, because
some of the students under his charge manifest
ed their disapproval of the presence of German
soldiers.
PrrNOnnl 'l'elcuiuiniN.
Gen. La Cecilia, a noted Parisian communist
general, ami wife, arrived in New York, on
Thvrsday, on the steamship Europa, from Glas
gow.
The Times says the leading democrats would
like to sec Tweed escape, to avoid cxjMising the
parly secrets, which would be damaging to the
presidential election.
Gainbetta, who was last at Versailles, ha.:
gone to Toulon. While at the former city he
addressed the radicals, counseling patience and
moderation.
The lumber firm of Derby, Snow Prentice,
and Romnel Leicht, brewers, both of Jersey
city, have failed. The liabilities of the latter are
reported at over 5400,000.
Secretary Boutwell will oppose any legislation
looking to a resumption of specie payments, as
be saj s it would he disastrous at this tinu 1
In a speech to his constituents the Right Hon.
Mr. Childers said that the present cordial union
between England and America was due to the
;«reful and determined policy of Lords Derby,
Clarendon and Granville.
Lieut. Commander Schulze has fieen ordered
to ordnance duty at the New York navy yard.
Lieut. Field has been detached from the New
York navy yard and granted three months leave
of absence.
Geo. P. Carr, judge of St. John Baptist
parish, L uisiana, committed suicide yesterday
at Magnolia, Miss., while in a (it of temporary
insanity. He was aged twenty-eight, and was a
native of Illinois.
Jones, the sculptor, has been sued by the
Grand Anny, at Cincinnati, for not completing
the monument of Gen. McPherson according to
contract. The damages arc set at 519,000.
A New York special says:—“l am told on the
best authority that Tweed confessed lately that
he was a fool not to have run away six months
ago. His sons and friends exhibit trepidation,
though his counsel arc composed.”
Tremendous storms have prevailed in the
mining districts of Utah. Whole settlements
are buried in the snow. More lives have been
lost, and there have been innumerable hair
breadth escapes. The snow is from ten to fifty
(eel deep.
Official dispatches from Madrid confirm the
announcement that the Spanish government has
recalled Senor Roberts, the Spanish minister,
and appointed Admiral P->le as his successor.
This change is regarded as foreshadowing a new
policy of the Madrid government on the Cuban
question.
Abbreviated I>iimntche<«.
I lie new Hudson river bridge at Albany is
completed, ami trains pass over it.
The Paris official journal denies that the Ger
mans made any arrests of French citizens to be
held as hostages.
The committee on the bank of France are dis
posed to increase the circulation three hundred
millions of francs, instead of six hundred
millions as demanded by the government.
A dispatch from Laramie states that the Union
Pacific and the Central Pacific roads are free
from obstruction by snow, and trains are moving
on time.
The snow blockade on the Union Pacific rail
road, between Laramie ami Rawlins station,
continues. The track is reported clear east of
Laramie and west of Rawlins.
A San Francisco dispatch savs: “It is now
certain that the bark Live Yankee and the
schooner Amada Ayer arc lost, with all on
board. Tale countv, opposite Sacramento, is
being flooded from Sacramento river. Half ot
Stockton, Gilroy and San Jose are flooded.”
Four companies of colored Havana firemen,
who had been operating in the Cinco Villas dis
trict, but were recently relieve*! by order of
Captain General Valmaseda, because there were
sufficient hoops in tl at district, returned to Ha
vana last evening, and were received with en
thusiasm.
At Halifax, (he investigation into the conduct
of Dr. Gusippe, of steamship Franklin, contin
ues. Pilot Graham’s evidence confirms the re
port that there was twcutv-cight deaths from
cholera while on the voyage, two deaths while
the ship was in the harbor, and the bodies were
thrown overboard.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS.—Ameri
-1 can and Fordun Patents procured, Rejected Appli
cations re-argued: Imer’erence Cases Prosecuted; Opui
ions given as «o the validity and intringeinent oi Pah ntf,
and Suits prosecuted and defended in the United States
Courts, by
TUOS. H. I>O»GE,
(formerb’ Principal Examiner and Chairman of the
Board of Appeals, U S. Patent Od.ce,> Counsel lot at
Law and Anvocate in Patent Cases. Office Dodge’s
Block, corner Park and Portland sts Worcester. Ala*s.
1124 <Ltwtf
QLIVERS
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STKEKT OLD NO.
niv24 dtf
IJAVE FOUND ll’ AT LAST!
Fruitiua!
A perfect suhatitute for Fruit in all kinds of PIES and
JELLIES.
25 Pies for only 35 Cents!
WARRANTED TO GIVE SATISFACTION.
Try it.
MANUFACTURED BY
H. W.
OXFORD, MASS.
For aale by all Grocers. F. C. FREEMAN. Apotbe
carv, south Worcester, Agent for Worcester.
dis dim
Alexander loki me k,
Manufacturer and dealer in
RUSSIA. MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP CORD!
AGE,
Bel Cords, Cotton Clothes Lines Steam Packing, Fish
Lines. Twine, Pultev Blocks,
Wholesale A RetaH.
Corne*of Exchange and Blackstone streets,
WnrcMtsr. den*
AS. ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner and
Music Teacher. Rooms at C. L. Gorham A Co. s,
454 Main st. Order Slates may also ue found with B. D.
Allen. 41 Pleasant st. snd at 8. N. Spjrye Jewelry
tabllshmeut. dtf fjj
I’RK E 4 ENTS.
(J II RIS T MAS!
WALLETS
I have now In Store the nest assort
ment ever exhibited In the state of Mas
sachusetts. They are all made expressly
for me; conscquenlly the styles ami
pn escan be relied upon as twing satis
lactory.
'A call is iC’pectfulb ■‘olb itcd.
WALLETS.
EDWIA A. WARREA,
Ajaotliecury,
IN BAY STATE BOISE, WOIK 'INTER.
1130 dtf
®oaL
II w. WELLINGTON CO.
DLALEK3IN
Anthracite and Bituminous Coal,
In the Ton or Cargo.
Offices—No. I Post Office Building, and 110 Houthbrldge
st Yards— ALiir heshT st., and cor. HoiCbbridge and
Hammond si-.. Worcester. Maas. dtf mvl
H. JOUBDAN,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer In
ANTHRACITE AND BITUMINOUS COAL.
Yard, Green Street, Office, 2 Lincoln Block, Worcester
Mass. <itf 802*1
C OAL!
LEHIGII COAL,
Be -1 .fi •I' ill sj/c t>n ii.v the t"U <>r rni go, al the
i,d.
ST ICO NO A RIHiIRS.
WILKESBARRE
COAL,
For family use and steam purposes, tor sale by
STHONO *V UOOEICM, ll« Alain Nt.
SYDNEY&
CANNEL COAL,
For open grates—a new lot hist received bv
MTKONO A
Ollier 3331 Alain Street.
FIRE BRICKS.
FIRE CLAY,
FIEE SAND and KAOLIN, at wholesale and retail, by
STKOVG A KOOIIKS.
n2l -IIG Main Street.
Reining (Elncbines.
rjIHK
HOWE SEWING MACHINES
AND F.. BI'TTERICK CO.'S CELEBRATED PAT
TERNS, for Ladies'. Misses', and Children's Garment!
of ail kinds, and Shirt I‘utteins of all sizes, at a.»«
Main St., Worcester. Mass.
1,. Q. NPALLIHVG, Agent.
Ajso. Needles FOR ALL AINDB OF MACHINHS, Silk, Oil
Ac. Tin kers, Rufficrs. and Corders.
tired. dis
yyEED
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite!!
A. E. PECK, Agent,
oR dtf M 8 Main St.
rjpilE A MIC RD A^
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Overseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
Please call and examine Machines and Work, at
334 Main Street.
dtf I. 11. STOCKWEDI..
.ijarbtoart, Atobes, tbr.
gSTABL ISH ED IN 182 5
W. TP. W LJBSTCL.ER,
(Successor to Wm, A. Wheeler,) manufacturer of
Mnrhiue, Railroad. Iron, Urns*, mid Com*
position
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROP HAMMFRS
Aqueduct, Ga« an«l steam Pipe, Wire Machinery and
Annealers, Water Wheels. Elevators, Clay Grinders,
Corn and Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, Stop
Cocks. Wmdo Weights. Ac.
Shafting, Mill Work aim Gearing. Forging, Pattern
Work and Machine Jobbing done to order.
I IIOW AS STREET.
mhll dtf Worcester. afa.
U K N A U isl b
DUNKLEE’S PATENT It UP EBIOK
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OR AS PORTABLE,
BY
A. RUSSELL CO.,
SOUTH BKI OUE BT., WOKCESTEB
Hole A gents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yeersclvee that it is the best Hot
in Furnace in the market, having nearly double the
•.mount of heating surface, and a vapor pan bo arranged
as to supply a pleasant and agreeable heat, free from duet,
i»n"ke and gas. as the many persons who have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a large and select stock Stoves, Tin. Iron, Cop*
per and Glass ware.
Titi Roofing. Pump Work and Jobbing of all kinds at
tended to with neatness and dispatch
A KU SHELL <t CO.,
No. 36 Southbridge Ht.. Worcestsr.
mvR
£1 H GRHBN LEA F
DEALER IN
Fruit ami Confectionery
5 11 MAIN ST.,
n 27 dti Worcester, Moss.
Knew uraoLSTEWY ROOMS. Un
undersigned are now prepared to execute orders for
UPTiOLSTERY WORR
Of every Description.
PAKLOK SUITES.
KECUNINO AND EASY HAIRS,
DIVANS, LOUNGES,
SPRING MATTRESS BEDS.
in--tock, and made to order. Furniture, Ac. covered:
Mat tresses made over, ami General pholstery Work
promptly attended to. Orders for DRAPERY. WIN
DOW SHADE, and nice Carpet Work, executed in a
taiihful manner, and at lair pr-
(We acknon ledge many Equals, but no Superiors.)
1.. M. MAXHAM A’ CO.,
d!6 d2w M Main -t.. W.m i ter. M;i".
JYSTERS! OYSTERS!' YSTERS!!'
MK. WM. STORY A CO.,
o 1 Norwich, Wholesale and Retuil Dealers in Oysters,
opened and in the shell, have leased the Basement un
der J. E. PRENTICE'S MEAT MARKET, on the
Corner of Southbridge and Myrtle Sts.
where they keep on band Oysters of ths best quality,
and will furnish Dealers. Saloons. Parties. Families and
Stage Routes ata low cash price: as thev have no whole
sale profit to pav thev can sell cheap, and they will.
Commltte.sappointed to buy for parties will do well
by calling. Also, Oysters opened dlnct out of the shell
for sick people and otheis at a small advance.
.j. worthing din,
d 7 dtf Proprietor
!»4 Main st.,
l he only man who makes Clock Repairing a
sjH'cialty. Cleans all kinds of Clocks.
F t Clocks put up if deaired.
An assortment of Clocks for sale. All
ft work warranted.
MBMI mils dtf ELKINS A DUNCAN.
u
Iv Daily Bpy— For the “Rquare’ of tea Huet a
agate type, I time7s eta.; each subsequent insertion 5
cts.; lweekß.ls; 3 weeks fW, 1 month H-W; 1 year
SAO—and the same rate proportionally for any Dumber o
squares. Two dues for one week S 1.00; three line fI.M;
our lines >1.37; five lines fI.M. Local notices 25 cents
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents pe
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements fl.oo per square for first inser
tion each subsequent Insertion 50 cents,
Special positions* in tiie paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rales charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly Npy— First insertion fil.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months >7.00; one
year $25.1)0.
Oolibay 6oobs.
P»H
lew Year’s!
T H E
HOLIDAYS
ARE NOT YET OVER,
But there remain many Presents yet ti be given, and
MESSRS.
FAIRBANKS

PIPER,
DRUGGISTS,
AT
MO. io FRONT STREET,
W< IRCESTER,
Have Htill in Store a
FINE COMPLETE STOCK OF GOODS
SUITABLE FOR
NEW YEAR’S
GIFTS!
which they propone to sell at satisfactory prices, as they
do not desire to have anything left to carry
over to next yeai.
The stock Includes a Great Variety of
Dressing fuses,
Toilet Sets,
Perfumery Cases,
and Fancy Goods,
of every description, some of which arc of rare
Workmanship and Elegance.
Messrs. Fairbanks Piper
would tender to their friends and the 'public, thanks for
the unnaually liberal patronage extended to them thia
season, and would invite all to
CALL ONCE MORE
AND
Examine the Stock,
which has been replenished for the
NEW YEAR’S TRADE.
MANY EXCELLENT BARGAINS
will Im? found at the Store of MESSRS.
FAIRBANKS
PIPER,
IPs-
DURING THE NEXT FEW DAYS.
Don't target the Street and Number,
Ao. 10
FRONT STREET^
WALLETS.