2 TY ER PA ir
EIR Va ANTS Sa
J i?) 4
PRICE FOUR CENTS.
NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13. 1871
FOREIGN NEWS.
you XXXL..N% 9,575.
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
2 KRk2 3 ApMYV/A AE TT Cd
YESTERDAY'S BULLETINS FROM SANDRINGHA
SOME FAVORABLE SYMPTOMS REPORTED.
LoxpoX, Tuesday, Dec. 13, 1671.
The first official bulletins published this morning
owing:
As fhe ello: “Dec. 12-Bight ovclock a. m.—The
was constant. There are no signs of improvement.
His delirium
a very
SANDRINGHAM, Dec. 19—Noon.—The Prince has been
restless all the morning. His condition ie unaltered.”
The Royal steam-yscht Victoria and Albert has
been dispatched to bring the Princess Victoria, wife
of the German Prince Imperial, to England.
Five o'clock p. m.— There are rumors that incidents
have occurred at Sandringham which indicate a
more favorable condition of affairs. Nothing definite
has yet been given to the public, and the report is
given with caution.
Siz o'clock p. m—The latest bulletin has just ap
peared. As the worst has been expected all day,
this statement, althouglr very guarded, tends to re
vive hope. It reads as follows:
«SANDRINGHAM, Deo. 19—Five o'clock p. m.—The Prince
Bae been somewhat less restless this afternoon. His gen
eral condition is unchanged.”
This wae signed by Sir William Jenner and the
other attendant physicians.
Seven o'clock p. m.—Private and unofficial advices
from Sandringham and Windsor, received by the
Central Press News Agency, hold out some slight
hope of a favorable turn in the Prince's disease.
The patient's voice remains strong, a proof that na
ture is not completely exhausted. The preparations
which were making against an unfavorable result
aro relaxing. The telegrams sent from Sandring
bam to Windsor are more reassuring, and the hopes
of the Royal household at the Castle Lave been
raised this afternoon by a private dispatch from
Col. Ponsonby.
The Princess Alexandra is almost constantly by
the bedside of her husband. When she is compelled
to retire for rest her place is snpplied by the Princess
Alice. Her Majesty, the Queen, remains at San
dringham.
Eleven o'clock p. m.—The following bulletin, issued
by the Prince of Wales's physicians, has just been
issued
BANDRINGHAM, Dec. 12—Ten o'clock p. m.—The Prince
has passed an nuguiet evening, but the prostratiou does
not increase.’
THE FEELING IN CANADA.
ToroxTO, Ont., Dec, 12.—The excitement regard
ing the Prince of Wales is intense. The newspapers
are issuing extras every half hour. No public
demonstration will be made on the arrival of the
Grand Duke Alexis, who is expected here on Thurs
day. He will be received privately by the Corpora
tion Committee.
TIIEL GENEVA BOARD OFF ARBITRATION,
A PRELIMINARY MLETING TO TAKE PLACE IMME
DIATELY.
LoxDpoN, Tuesday, Dec, 12, 1871,
Lord Chicf-Justice Sir Alexander Cockburn
has gone to Geneva to attend the preliminary meeting of
the Board of Arbitrators appeinted under the Treaty of
Washington. The business to be transacted is purely
formal, viz., the ratification of the powers of the Arbi
trators. The British Government proposed to dispence
with it, but the Washington Cabinet objected and it will
be necessary for all the members of the Board to be pres
ent in person on the appointed day. It is possible that
at the first meeting a complete organization way be
effected but the probability is that nothing will be at
tempted beyond the exchange of credentials.
see.
VMISCYLLANEOUS ENGLISH NEWS.
SERIOUS RAILWAY ACCIDENT—THE TELEGRAPH
ERS’ STRIKE.
Loxpox, Tuesday, Dee. 12, 1371.
By a railway accident near Sheflield, last
evening, one man was killed, and many were injured.
The st: ke of the wlegraphers is beginning to break up.
The employ é< at one important point have already re
sumed work, aud others are following their example.

ALIENATION OF THE CROWN JEWELS TO THE
STATE.
PARrie, Tuesday, Dec. 12, 1871.
The National Assembly, at its session of to
day, adopted, by a vote of 280 to 277, a recormpendation
frown the comuittee having charge of the subject, for the
alienation to the State of the crown jewels.
M. THIERS AND THE CHINESE EMBASSADOR—
THE EXECUTION OF ROSSEL—THREATENING
SIGNS OF IMPERIAL RESTORATION.
[FROM THE REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.
Paris, Nov. 20.—Here is an embassy of
heathen Chinese come to apologize to the Christian Em
peror who had their Emperor's palace burned and: plun
dered a few years ago, for the killing by their country
wen of nineteen French miselonaries and a Consul. They
find that, meantime, this Fuperor, who could send an
army half around the world to attack their Emperor,
bad not an army sufficient to protect himself from an
Emperor next door; that Lis own subjects have burned
both hie Enramer and Winter palaces, and, not content
with being killed in large quantities by their neighbors,
fell hard at work to kiliing each other, inciuding in the
slaughter quite as mavy priests as were assassinated at
Tien-Tein, and a civil officer of a higher rank than a
@(onsul, After long pursuit nuder difficulties, they find a
provisional government, with a provisional chief at
Jeisure to receive them. They tell him, as something
likely to gratify him and give a favorable idea of Chinese
justice, that 20 of their countrymen guilty of violence to
ward strangers have been executed, and 25 more trans
ported. Wherenpon the chief, under whose auspices the
bloody work of May was conducted, addresses to them a
little politico-moral lesson, reprovingly teaching the
Chinese Government how it ought to be reasonable and
humane, &c., which, their facial muscles being too well
schooled to crinkle, muet have set the polite diplowats to
laughing in their broad sleeves,
Withal, M. Thiers was as sincere ae grave, this part of
his reply to the Embassador being an oratorical figure,
apd weant to come in really to the ears of French par
ties, and especially to the Commission of Pardons, then
sitting. A few days later he had to eign their confirma
tion of the death-eentence of Rossel most unwillingly.
Whatever ceusure is due to the President's management
during aud for u time after the suppression of the insur
rection, he ts now notoriously favorable to a more mer
ciful treatwent of prisoners. Apart from any humane
feeling, bis clearer politic sense shows him the danger
(which party and class prejudice and unforgetting fear
still blind so many to) of severe penalties inflicted on the
hundreds who are tried—the graver danger of almost
indefinitely prolonging, without trial, the imprisonment
of the thousands of others. It is understood that he
urged a commutation of Rofel’s sentence before the
Commisnion des Graces. The geveral cwotion excited by
the noble young man’s execution fully justifies the
President's politie desire to avert it. Not all the swift
slaughter ordered by hot-beaded colouele presiding at
what it is contempt of drum-heads to etyle courts, in
May, moved such sympathy. The long waiting interval
between his condemnation by the Council and calm,
tuanly meeting of death yesterday morning has
served day by day for the purification and en
bolling of Rossel. Anecdotes illustrative of his purity
of life, generous uffections, fine intelligence, ardent pa
Sulla bravery are rife in newspapers and the
men; these, and the long tortures of his fam
lly—doubting but until near the isst with reason for
bope—finully the passtunate
all telling ow sgainst 80rrow of hie old father, are
the Government and M. Thiers.
is unfortunate, Glogical
lewntoriu romps R unjust—but it is so. He wil
Hed agttators whom he came to goon oO RPI
6.40 Whe stnrs Spised. It ie said that the army,
satiny dnsisted on his death ua 4 disciplines
neopasity. No truer word bas been aid y
days than what was uttered the day of him in these
bis @istracted father “They have bin ls execution by
he was brave, mind you; if al the ikea my yon. Tut
y officers had behaved
Hike him in face of the Prussisns,
muah else of his rather pent hO"2 Journal, ike so
father remarkable writing, is worth
Boting, He bas been speakin, of
Gloaaters 1p the ba (SOTO causes of our
1% war” “Tho chief of the ftate hav.
J
FRANCE.
found himself obliged to raise to high grades the com
plaisant associates of his coup d'état, to the detriment of
more deserving or more patriotic men, And so it came
about that the head of the army was composed of indi
viduals whose principalftitles to promotion were their
contempt or indifference for tho laws of their country.
(This demoralization of the general officers was very ob
servable in the last war.] And below this generation of
the accomplices of the coup d'état, who begin to disap
pear, a generation of the protegés was formed, that is
perhaps of yet less merit, not being possessed of that
audacity which characterized the first chiefs of the ad
venture—Saint Arnaud was betier worth than Bazalne
or Palikao,”
ing acquired his a conspiracy,
And itis this sort of soldiers. careless of citizenship
and civil law, of the highest discipline, who, in the name
of military discipline, demanded the death of this man;
who at the worst had but joined a great revolt against a
doubtfully established Government, which certain of
them to-day are but expectamtly loyal to. He judged
them in almost the last of his reported words, spoken to
his faithful counsel, Advocate Joly, just befors leaving
hs cell for the death cart: You are a Republican?
Well, remember this. If you do not presently destroy
the army, it will destroy you. The army has always
been pretorian, it has always formed a party within the
nation, when it ought, on the contrary, to be made na
tional. The danger, my friends, is neglect.” Rossel was
of Protestant Cerenol blood on the father’s ade, of Pro
testant Scotch blood—a Campbell—on tho mother’s.
With doubled capacity of enthusiasm and fixed high pur
pose, certainly with’ shrewd talent of insight, had
he the gift of second sight as well! Ile was
shot by soldiers of his own regiment on the
Plain of Satory—sceno of the once very famous
significant military demonstrations of the then nominally
Republican army in favor ot Prince (Emperor to be) Na
poleon. It was at a review there Lield by the Republican
Prince President, that Gen. Neumayer forbade his troops
(in accordance with disciplinary rule) to cry Vive I'Empe
reur, and was disgraced for his pains. His brotherin
law, the supple, gelatinous Trochu, was a major then in
‘those day#, and was presently promoted to be licutenant
colonel. Whence—and looking on his subsequent career
by the darkness of history—we are led to infer that res
torative, gargon (not to say waiter-on) of Providence,
whose political convictions, if he have any, are of the
Legitimist clase—with a stripe of confused Orleanism—
did not then object to the President's promotion to Em
peror.
It is lamentable to say that the signs of Imperial
restoration are threatening. They sre growing and
already past the stage where they seemed simply ridicu
Jous. It is no secret that Thiers and his friends are not
without fear, which, whether exaggerated or nos, i8 of
ftse!f one of the notable signs, Here is another, and one of
the gravest. There were elections to fill five vacancies
in the Municipal Council. The result was, in three Arron
dissements, success of the radical Republican aendidates,
in one such a balancing of votes so that a new trial must
be had, and in one go small a vote cast (497 in all), as by
the law, to invalidate a fair trial, the election quality of
the wajority (300) given to the favorite candidate, In
other words, the Conservative bourgeois, who whines and
protests in alarm at this Red result, will not, even under
the pretense of alarm, give himself the trouble to peace
fully protect himself by going to the polls. He wants to
Le protected, Last September he gave his volce
uproariously to the chorus of the Marscillaise, and
popular shout of Déchéance, or, at least, looked on and
listened complacently to the downfall of the Imperial
Throue with wusical accompaniment. By next Septem
ber he will be ready selfishly to appland or com
placently accept the setting up of the throne on lis
bended back. I wonder sometimes sadly whether the
Paris bourgeois does belong to the animal kingdom.
Government had a dire anxiety of some mischevous
effect that would be produced in the faubourg by contre
coup from the death-shot fired at Rossel and Ferre vester
day morning, and so military were held in readiness and
patrols sent out. Montiuartre, Vilette, Belleville, and other
popular quarters were as quiet as the Rue de la Paix.
The immediate popular leaders are gone to their graves
or to prison. The spiritiof revolt has sunk to a spirit of
indifference or of brooding discontent. Subtract from
the possible street-fighting Population of Paris, who have
the physical courage to back their opinions—however
erroneous—the thousands fled, killed, in prison; recollect
that all of any possible fighting remainder are disarmed;
add consideration of the fact that the garrison of Paris
(in and immediately around the eity) is greater than in
Napoleon's time; that the police force proper is at least
as great as in that time—the only next possible revolu
tion to be materially worked in Franee can be done only
by the army. Leaving will out of question, Paris could
offer nothing in oppogition to the return of the Chisel.
hurst Man, if LA back in the traln of
one military division led by a general  seri
ously determined to earn his marrhal’s bAton. Yet
1 don't believe that he will, can return. For there is a
resistant vitality in Republicanism which algo offers
pigns of growth—under difficulties—but does not offer
among ita leaders, with the exception of Gambetta and
a few others, #0 much growth in a politie sense or com
mon sense a8 one could wish, But here again the follies
of present pretenders help out the chances of the fatal
futare Republican heir.
That most am'.ble, impracticable, mildly dull-minded
gentleman, the Ceunt of hambord, has been in town
since vesterday, so his newspapers say. Bone of Lis fol
lowers and some Orleanists still entertain their fancies
with the project of a fusion of the prin
cipler and interests, essentially contradictory, rep
resented by the grand *nephew of Marie Antoinette,
the grandson of Charles X., of revolutionary Leuis Phil
ippe, who cheerfully grabbed a falling crown, if be did
not intrigue for its falling. If it were not for thinking
on the masses who are expected to pay the piper, this
mad contra-dauce of dead pretenses would be an amus
ing spectacle, And, as though it were not wildly gro
terque enough without his joining in, here comes the
Pope to lend his presence to revels that Rabelais alone
would be the fit master of. Your correspondent {8 not
in intimate epistolary relation with Pius IX., nor does
he enjoy breakfast privilege with President Thiers.
Despite which double disadvantage he thinks he may
gafely say that “he has rcagon to know” that the
sun of more or less formal, otticial, and officious corpe
spondence between the ex-Kiug of the Eternal City and
the actnal President of a Government, that ever can be
the Government of France till it feels strong slsgsh to
reside in the capital of this country, amounts briefly to
this: Pope (or lis spokesman) loguitur—* Will you re
ceive me in France, and how 1° Thiers, respondens—
Yes; well; but don't come.” Will the Pope come 1
M. President Thiers Jhatenis that he does not care,
will receive Pius 1X. if refuge is asked, and is magnifi
cently confident that Plo Nono's presence in France will
be garde leasant to him, and be pleasantly agcefied by
France. iers knows better, the clever man. He does not
want Pius to come, and Victor Emanuel neither wants
nor means that the Pope, who neither wishes nor pur
poses to move, shall go. Pope Pius—supposing for a
moment that that veuerable and, as bleliope go, intelii
gent clergyman, was not fully aware that he is freer and
better oft in Rome i superstitious Victor Ema
nue! und his Italian politic eouncilors, than he could be
in any coynEcy foreign to the Romdn capital of the Uni
versal Church—must know that France, of all sclf
entitled Catholic country refuges, 18 least desirable, Of
course, ostensibly, M. Thiers would be nappy to give him
jodainge at Paris (where, by the way, Isabelle, Sxgucen
of 8pain, has been as politely as imprepecty advised that
her room this Winter would be Jrorers le to her intended
resident Sompany), but in reality M. Thiers would be
fieased to see hin further. The Pope won't come.
verybody knows that he won't knows that Thiers doce
not want him, that V. Emanuel does not want him, that
Pius IX. docs not want himeelf to leave a place he 18 per
fectly safe in—his only possible controlling capital 0
to live in, aud wherein he will die, WwW. Hi. H.
I
‘CUBA.
THE VOLUNTEERS RELIEVED FROM GARRISON
DUTY.
THE VOLUNTEERS RELIEVED FROM GARRISON
DUTY.
Havana, Dec. 12.—To-day, and henceforth,
the regular troops will garrison the Morro, Cabana, and
Principe forts. In view of the arrival of reénforcements
from Spain, Captain-Gemeral Valmaseda considered it
Just to relieve the Volunteers from this service. He
thanks them for the manner in which they have per
formea their duties in garrison during the past two years.
Spain will send to Cuba, this moatl, foar battalions of
1100 from the regular army of Spain, besides the 10,000
reénforcements which are to follow within one year,
Befior Moreno, the new Governor of Havana, has be
gun the work of Suppressing the ANnbiig Soussh Pe
sonally superintendiug the war against them. He has
ly closed two gambling establishments.
———————e.
THE NEW DOMINION.
WRECK OF THE SHIP FANQUAJ—ALL ON BOARD
LOST.
Havirax, N. 8., Dec. 12.—The ship Fanquai
of Greenock, about 800 tuns burden, with a cargo of
wheat, has been wrecked between Inconish and Cape
North, Cape Breton. 1t ia Spins that she emcoun
tered the gale of the 25th ult. All hands were lost.

tl
FORFIGN NOTER.
The Bien Public of Paris contradicts rumors
asserting that the army was disaffected. All the generals
and commandants of corps are animated by the best
spirit, and are frankly attached to the Government and
the President of the Fpanis, A like feeling reigns
throughout the army. The same journal i it a the 1n
tention of the Government regulurly to send to the papers
corrections of false news.
The Paris press is almost unanimous in de
ploring the fate of the condemned Cowmiuunists, Le
Bidele, while believing that the Committee of Purdons
conacicRtously thuught the executive to be necewswsy,

wishes the Committee had judged otherwise. Le Temps
expresses deep sympathy with Rossel, but says its first
duty is to respect the decision ot the Committee of Par
dons which rejected his appeal. It would,
nevertheless, have rejoiced had clemency been shown,
The Oonstitution remarks that, to the .last moment, it
made an appeal for Slomeney, and it reproaches Le
Temps for n having pursued e same course, L'Avenir
Ni declares that the executions were a serious po
litical mistake, and hopes that, after such a terrible ex
pletion, mercy will be shown, and that an a BS meiel
passed by the Assembly. In the Journal
there was merely ap announcement of the execution oc
cupying four lines,
Monseigneur Dupanloup, Bishop of Orleans,
has addressed a letter to M. Gambetta, filling several
pages of the Gazette de France, in answer to M. Gam
betta’s speech at 8aint Quentin, demanding gratuitous,
obligatory, and lay instruction. The Bishop assails
Gambetta with a great deal of academical Bil
lingsgate, calls (his moderation apparent,” his
honeyed words treacherous,” thinks to erush him
by asserting that his language 1s that of the
International,” and, taunting him with hie
Genoese origin, says his arguments savor more of the
By pocHiay and mental reservation of an Italian than of
the Sneaty of a Frenchman.” The Sighop then denies
in studied terns, so as to be as disagreeable as possible
to Gambetta, that there is anything in the vy life of
the latter to entitle him now to speak to people
with authority.
It has been decided to cut the Thirty-nine Ar
ticles from the course of theological studies at the Uuni
versity of Oxford, England. The London Telegraph says:
“The vote of the Oxford Convocation betokens the change
that is passing over the Church? It is full of importance
a8 the feather which betrays the direction of the theo
logical breeze. It asserts with all the intellectual and
eclosion force of the learned body that so much of
our religious forms and institutions as are ‘established
by law’ nay be tepeaied revised, and readjusted by the
legislative authority which passed the original statutes.
It also declares that the time has arrived when, in the
cause of religion itself, it may be desirable to widen the
Jorias of the National Church.” The Daily News regards
’rof. Rawlinson’'s ohlaction to the amendment as the
Sronges argument which was attempted in its favor.
He sald that henceforth it would be impossible to dis
tinguish between Churchmen and Dissenters. Can any
consummation be more desirable?
FAILURED ON 111k COLTON EACUHANGE,
SUSPENSION OF THE OCEAN NATIONAL BANK—
Business circles were much agitated yesterday
by the announcement of the failure of the Ocean National
Bank, the rnmored suspension of the Union Bquare
National Bank, and several extensive failures
on the Cotton Exchange. For about a year
past, the Ocean National Bank, at No. 229 Broad
way, has been regarded with suspicion by the
officers of the associate banks in the Clearing-House.
Nothing occurred, however, to give especial direction to
their distrust until within a few weeks past, when the
Ocean National Bank was proved to be a debtor to a
large amount almost every day. This continued so long
that it was resolved to investigate the affairs of the
bank, in accordance with the requirements of the Clear
ing-House Asgoclation, and on Mouday, when the Ocean
National Bank appeared as a debtor to the amount of
$53,000, Messrs, Leverich and Tappen of the Bank of
New-York and the Gallatin National Bank respectively,
members of the Clearing-House Committee, proceoded
to the Ocean Bank and made an examination, They
found the affairs of the bank in a very critical condition,
The officers of the bank informed them that there were
legal-tenders or cash to the amount of about $90,000, but
when they came to examine for themselves they found
about $20,000 in legal-tenders, aud weworandum checks of
William Callender, United States Bank Exawiacr for the
Southern District of New-York, to the ainount of $75,000.
These checks astonished the Committee, and
they applied for {information with rega~1 to
them, and were told that they represented money ad
vanced to Mr. Callender for purposes and operations of
bis own. They continued their investigations long
enough to discover that the bulk of the assets of the
bank were 1m notes and mining, eanal, and other mnis
cellancons stocks utterly unknown in this market, and
which, if forced to a sale, would not realize anything like
the amount advanced on them. As it waa essential that
the indebtedness of the bank ut the Clearing-House
should be met, Messrs. Leverich Tappen obtained some
of the securities that were negotiable, caused the money
to be paid to the Clearing-House, and, having reported
the condition of the bank to the Committce on Buspen
sions, the hauk was suspended from the Association,
Bank-Examiner Callender’s connection with the bank
having proved 80 unsatisfactory, Mr. Hulburd, Con
troller of the Currency, was telegraphed to at Washing
ton, and came on at once, arnving here sarly yesterday.
Iu the worning, the bank was unofficially informed of its
suspension, and at about 11 o'clock the fact had become
very generally known, causing large numbers of inter
ested and excited persons to hvrry to the bank to verify
the ruwor. Controller Hulburd aud Exawiner Callender
took charge of the bank, and, at the suggestion of Mr.
Hulburd, the bank suspended payment, and Theodore M.
Davis, a lawyer and fricud of the President of the bauk,
wise appointed receiver.
The Ocean National Bank (according to ita President)
was established abont 1850, has a capital of §1,000,000,
and has been a member of the Couring Howe since the
foundation of that institution. It stood for mauy years
ut the corner of Greenwich and Dey-sts,, and 1a June,
1569, was robbed of large amount of bonds by persons
who occupied un adjoining basement and broke through
walls into the bank vaults, Some time since it was re
moved to the building at the corner of Broadway and
Barciay-st., which it is said to own. The Directors are
C. 8. Stevenson, H. N. Morgan, J. E. Hodges, KE, L.
Fancher, J. M. Lea, C. Corson, and Coe Adams. C. B,
Stevenson has been President for about a year, and J, 5,
Hartshorne is cashier. William M. Tweed was a director
but resigned some time since. To his connection with it
in attributed some of the distrust attaching to it, al
though the President sald Tweed had never met with
them. Mr. Steveuson, Receiver Davis, aud Examiner
Callender state that the bank will hy {n full, but those
outside of the bank, who know its affairs, say that it will
do nothing of the kind, as it 1s too badly fnpaired. In
Raturday’s statement, its averages were reported as fol
lows: a $2,659,400 specie, $108,000; legal tenders,
$222,000; deposits, $1,462,100; circulation, $796,800, Its
reserve, therefore, was only 14.56 per cent, when dt should
have been 26 per cent, according Ww the National Banking
law.
At 5 p. m. yesterday, Receiver Davis did not know of
Callender's checks for $75,000, h18 first intimation being
the query of a TRIBUNE reporter in relation to the mat
ter. Mr. Davis, however, promises a statement to-day
which shall show the true condition of the bank. It 18
stated that Mr. Callender used the $75,000 in building a
canal in Michigan.
Iu answer to call issued in the morning by the Chair
man of the Clearing-House Joint Committee, a very
large meeting of the Clearing-House Association was
held in the afternoon at the Merchants’ National Bank,
No. 42 Wall-st., at which DX Vermilyea presided. Mr,
Leverleh, Chalrman of tie Joint Cowmitiee, stated that
the Committee had, for cause, suspended the Ocean Bank
from the Association. The action of the Committee was
promptly indorsed by the Association, and a demand
wade that Bank Exaininer Callender should be removed.
As the Union Square National Bank redeemed through
the Ocean National Bank, itdwas belived that it had also
suspended; but the President of the former bauk stated
that it had not lost a dollar, snd would redeews to-duy
through the National Shoe and Leather Bank.
p COTTON FAILURES.
Three failures have been officially announced at the
Cotton Exchange, namely, William P. Wright Co., Nos.
96 and 97 Pearl-st.; Adolphus C. Schaefer f& Co., No. 111
Water-st., and J. Leaycraft, No. 60 Wall-st. These fall
ures resulted from the inability of the dealers to fulfill
their contracts in consequence of the sudden advance in
the market, beesuse of short receipte and fears of a
short crop.
Wright Co. place their indebtedness at $39,000, and
are ready to compound at 60 cents on the dollar. They
expect to settle tholr affuirs and continue business in
1
Tel an Co. and Mr. Lauyerats have failed for con
siderable amounts, but declare themselves unable to
state the sum of their Sbligations, They profess confi.
dence in their ability to settle with their creditors aud
continue business.
Many rumors have been afloat affecting the solvency
of other firms, but no other fallures have been ofictally
aouounced. Bome of the dealers reported to be in difi
culty confested to serious embarrassment, when ques
tioned on the 4ubjest, NG SFprassed belief that they
would be able to tide over” the trouble.
EE
EXPLOSION OF A LOCOMOTIVE THREE MEN
XILLED.
Camo, Il., Dec. 12.—A locomotive attached
to water train on the Illinois Central Railroad exploded
last night near Centralia. Houck, engineer, Brewington,
fireman, and’ Keen, brakeman, were killed. The engine
was demolished.

ae The English Parliament will meet on the 23d
0 ARBATY.
_...Herr Von Arnim has been appointed Germs
Embassador to Francs.
...'The Italian Budget shows a deficit of one hund
red and sisty millions of livre
_...Willlam H. Foster died suddenly in Provi
dence, yesterday, of heart disease.
....The'steamship Prussian, from Liverpool, whieh
arrived in Portland, last evening, bas ene case of -pox oa beard
She 1s quarantined.
The elections in Spain, in which the Bernd
Ticaag BV hess 0 Masaasniyl, Sere for musiapsl counclls, ahd pot for
the 28 Incorrently stated
....The Missouri Legislature has adopted resolu
tions calling npan Congres to aid in oslablishing oa iren-ship beilding
yard at some point on Western giver, Ia conformity with the saggesiies
of the Noswetary of the Novy,
FINANCIAL TROUBLES.
Pe
rr 1.EGRAPHIC ROTES
XLII OONGRESS—IIp SESSION
CONFIRMATION OF THE NEW COLLECTOR OF THE
PORT—EXECUTIVE SECRETS DISCLOSED—THE
APPORTIONMENT BILL STILL BEFORE THE
Es Talal VB
The Senate has been exceedingly unfortunate in 118
business thus far this session, for no important measure
has yet been introduced without the discussion of it
very soon assuming such a shape as to make it most de
sirable to end it aa soon as possible, The Ku-Klux wit
nesses were reported to the Senate, and an attempt
made to pass a resolution to order their arrest, and there
were developed at once almost as many opinions as to
what the form of the resolution ought to be, and the ulti
mate power of Congress to punish the contumacions
witnesses at all, as there were speakers. Then one day's
debate on Mr. Trumbull’s resolution, to revive the Re
trenchment Committee, got it into such a shape that it
became an “elephant” to? the Administration
‘Renators. To pass the resolution, was to clothe
some honest, independent man, like Senator Patterson
or Senator Schurz, with power to expose the abuses of
the present civil service and to vote it down would not
help matters, To-day, Mr. Morton obtained a vote to
consider his resolution, introduced yesterday, to adjourn
the present session of Congress on the third Monday of
May; but, as soon as it was before the House, Mr. Sum
ner moved to amend by making the adjournment on that
date contingent on the passage of his supplementary
Civil Rights bill, and Senator Schurz making it contin.
gent on the passage of a bill to reduce the tariff and 1n
ternal taxation, and a bill to reform tho Civil Service.
Then Mr. Trumbull moved to lay the whole matter on the
table. This was Jost by a vote of 31 to 22, when the Senate
went into Executive sesslonfand soon after adjourned.
It now looks as though the Tariff, Internal Taxation,
Civil Rights, and Civil Service Reform, were to be among
the first subjects discussed in the Benate this Winter.
The 22 votes against tabling Senator Mortou’s resolution
included the following-named Republicans:
Alcorn, Johnston, Schurz,
Davis, lenis, Suwnner,
Fenton, Rice, Tiptoo,
Ferry (Conn), Robertson, Trumbull,
Hill, sawyer,
(Fenton) could not give the nomination his approval.
These, with Messrs, Sprague, Logan, and Spencer, are
looked upon #8 wen who may be depended upon to act
independently on all questions,
A& soon as the reading of the journal was finished
in the House, Mr. Dawes offered a resolution iustruct
ing the Committees on Expenditures in the Btate,
War, Navy, Post-Oftice, and Interior Departments, and
in the Public Buildings, to make the examination into
the manner of conducting business and disbursing money
in those brauches of the public service, which the rales
of the House direct, The Committee on Expenditures
in the Treasury Departiwent was similarly instructed by
Mr. Lynch's resolution yesterday. Both Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Lynch's resolutions followed the exact wording of
Rule 103 of the House, These various Committees on Ex
penditures were first provided for in 1816, and were for a
long tile Auditing Boards, that operated as checks upon
the Departments, and secured economy and strict compli
ance with law; but, for at least twenty years past, they
have been Committees in nothing but name, never trans
acting any business or holding any meetings, and en
tirely disregarding the rule of the House. The oldest
members do not mmwember any instance of either of
these committees making a report After Mr, Dawes's
resolution was read, Mr. Cox wanted to know if the
Syndicate contract was to be investizated among other
things. Mr. Dawes said he was sorry the geutleman
slept so uneasily upon his reference of his (Cox's) reso
lution about the Syndicate to the Ways and Means Com
mittee. Mr. Cox protested that it was not his reference,
and that he never believed that Committees would report
upon it. Mr, Dawes replied that the Committee would
shortly report, and dt would appear that there bad been
no violation of law by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The resolution was passed,
The morning hour beginning, the consideration of the
Post-Oftice bill was resumed, and the bill was passed.
The call of Committees was proceeded with, and Mr.
Bingham reported from the Judiciary Committee a bill
fixing the date of holding tho Presidentlal election in
Louisiana, in 1872, for the first Monday in N ‘ember,
The reason for this was explained to be the fact that the
State eiection takes place on that day, by a provision in
the State Constitution, which cannot be changed before
next Fall; so that, it Congress does nothing, there must
be a Btate election in Louisiana on the first Mouday, and
an election for Presidential Electors ou the first Tuesday
fn November. Debate arose, and the resolution was
made’ a special order for the second Wednesday in
January.
A blll to protect purchases of land eold for direct
taxes was reported from the Judiciary Committee by
Mr. Peters and passed; and a Pension bill, reported
from the Naval Committee by Mr. Archer, was also
passed. Mr. Banks then tried to pass the Geneva Con
ference appropriation bill, reported from the Foreign
Affairs Committee, but Mr. Garfleld insisted that it
should first go to the Appropriations Committee, An
hour’s struggle ensued between the two Committees for
the possession of the Dill, as the Bpeaker decided that
the rules did not apply to the case, and the House must
determine what should be done with the bill. The de
bate grew warm, the majority of the House apparently
siding with the Appropriations Committee, on the
ground that the only way to secure economy was to have
that Committee responsible for all appropriations. The
question was about to be submitted to a “Yea” and
“Nay vote when the Speaker sent the bill to the Com
mittee of the Whole, on a point of order made by Mr.
Cf Mouse then went into Committee and discussed
the Apportionment bill until the adjournment. The
knotty problem of how to make the apportionment con
form to the requirements of the Fourteenth Amendment
was brought no nearer a solution. Two very different
views were presented. Mr. Mercur said that no law had
been passed to oarry out the provisions of the Constitu
tion, but the Secretary of the Interior, on bis own mo
tion, had the census-takers obtain the figures sent to the
House yesterday, showing the number of citizens over
21 in each State, and the number of such citizens deprived
of the right to vote for other cause than crime
or rebellion; that these figures were acknowl
edged by the Becretary not to Je trust
worthy, and in view of all these facts, Congress
should go on and pass the bill, without regard to the
Fourteenth Amendment, which could not be practically
conformed to. Messrs. Garfleld, Willard, Bhellabarger
and others, held that the appointment must be made in
obedience to the amendment, NS vars showed that
no law had been passed to ca out the amendment,
because the Senate had. held that none was needed and
that the Beeretary of the Interior had recognised this,
and obtained the tables submitted to the House, because
required to do so by the Constitution. If the tables
were faulty, they were nevertheless official, and must be
conaidered s0 in making the appointment, or the House
must take the responsibility of disregarding the Consti
tution. Mr. Burdett sald that the tables showed that
9,000 citisens were disfranchised in Missouri, which was
wholly erroneous, ne citisen being deprived of suffrage
in that State. Mr. Cox tangted the Republicans with the
unforeseen effect of the Fourteenth Amendment, which
adnate dr lhe Penth A Aish Would Jourt sals
Y TELEGRAPB TO THB TRIBUNR.|
WASHINGTON, Tuesday, Dec. 13, 1871.
The Senate, during its Executive ses
thoee that made it, saying that under i$ Ohio and Rhode
Island would each lose one Representative. Mr. Garfield
admitted that the Amendment was a knife that cut both
ways, and that the back of the blade appeared to be
sharper than the edge. Without taking any vote, the
Committee rose and the House adjourned.
The Superintendent of the Census sent to the House
yesterday a statement of the number of persons in each
State, who, being male citizens of the United States, over
21 years of age, are deprived of the right to vote, for
other causes than crime or participation} in Rebellion.
According to the Census reports, the following 18 the
number: Alabama, 690; Arkansas, 108; California, 243;
Connecticut, 1,249; Delaware, 284; Florida, 41; Georgia,
1,064; Illinois, 609; Indiana, 566 Iowa, 283; Kansas, 1,323;
Kentucky, 873; Louisiana, 185; Maine, 840; Maryland,
53; M tte, 3,719; Michigan, 1,318; Minnegota,
11; Machu Nebraska, 115 pW 16, New
Hampshire, 689; New-Jersey, 635; New-York, 469; North
Carolina, 674; Ohlo, 2,551; Oregon, 123: Pennsylvania,
2,346; South Carolina, 516; Tennessee, 733; Texas, 2,766;
Vermont, 107; Virginia, 9681; West Virginia, 983; Wiscon
sin, 301; total, 40,380. The number excluded is so small in
proportion to the whole voting population that it is not
probable that the Representative of any State, unless it
be Missouri, will be reduced by the deduction that must
be made, and the vexatious question that puzzles the
House as to how the apportionment must bo made to
conform with the requirement of the XI1Vth Amendment
-would now be readily settled, if it were not for a para
graph added to the statement which makes the above
figures appear of little value. The Superintendent says
that not much reliance is to be placed on the returns
the question being one of too much difficuity and nicety
for the Deputy Marshals to determine, Some members
think that returns should be taken again, as the State of
Georgla now substantially deprives abont 50,000 colored
men of the suffrage, by requiring that they should pay $8
poll-tax, before they can vote, and that her representa
tion ought to be reduced according to the terms of the
amendment,
slon this afternoon, confirmed among other nominations
that of Mr, Arthur to be Collector of the Port of New
York. This item of information, not being an Executive
secret, was given to the Press as soon a8 the Senate ad
journed. As to what took place while the doors were
closed, an absurd rumor was current in some quarters
that Mr. Conkling pronounced a eulogy on the virtues of
the late Collector, Thomas Murphy, and with much feel
ing expressed his regret that his dear friend had felt
compelled to retire from official duties. There is good
autbority, however, for denying this rumor, for he said
pot a word from the time the Dams Was re
parted favorably from the Committee on Com
merce until the presiding officer put the ques
tion of confirmation, when he voted “Aye.”
1t is generally believed, this evening, that Senator Fen
ton made a short speech before the vote on confirmation
was taken, and the leading points of his remarks, even,
are reported in such a way as to leave no doubt of their
accuracy. According to this report, the Senator sald
that he thought the events which have occurred during
the past few months, the disorganization of party, and
the final removal or resignation of the Collector, were
a complete vindication of his course in opposing the con
firmation of Murphy when his nomination was before
the Senate. With regard to Mr. Arthur, Mr. Fenton is
reported to have sald that, while personally he is not so
objectionable as Murphy, Arthur's political associations
and businesa relations are of such a character that ho
Mr. Finkeln burg rays that the explanation of the gross
error in the Census Report, of the number of persons de
prived of the suffrage in Missouri, was probably occa
sioned by the carelessness and ignorance of the Deputy
Marshals, At the time the census was taken, persons
were still disqualified from voting who had been proved
to have aided the Rebellion. Many of these persons, he
thinks, unwilling to say that they had been Rebels, sald
they could not vote; but, when asked if it was because
they had participated in the Rebellion, raid they had had
nothing to do with it. The Marshals, getting tLis answer,
put the persons down as denied the franchiso for some
other cause, Every male citizen over 21 now votes
in Missouri, but the census states that over 9,000 are
disfranchised,
REGULAR REPORT OF PROCEEDINGS,
SENATE...... WASHINGTON, Dec. 12, 1571.
THE HOLIDAY RECESS,
4 THE HOLIDAY RECESS,
The Senate concurred in the House resolu
tion to adjourn over from December 21 to January 8,
Bills were introduced and referred as follows:
Mr. WILSON (Rep. Mass.)—To establish a marine ree
fstry of shipping und to promote the interests of Amer
can commerce,
Mr. WEST (Rep. La.) —Anthorizing the free jinporta.
tion of all materials, including iron ties, used in baling
and bagging cotton,
Mr. CONKLING (Rep., N.Y.)—To amend the act of
March 3, 1865, regulating proceedings in criminal eases,
The bill relates to the uamher of percmptosy challenges tust may be
slowed in such cass,
Mr, WRIGHT (Rep, Iowa)—Appropriatine $2,000,000 for
the ig of paying balances that may he found due
under the act to indemnify the States for war expendi
tures,
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM (Rep. Coun), the
Vice-President was authorized to till the vacancy caused
by Mr. Sumuer’s retirement from the Chairmanship ot
the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. MORTON dep, Ind.), at his own request, was re
lieved from his position on the Committee on Agricel
ture, and the Vice-President was authorized to fill the
VACANCY.
Mr. Morton moved to take up the resolution for a
final afjonrnisent on the third Mouday in May.
Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.) moved to add the follow
ing: Provided that there shall be no adjournment of
Congress until after the passage of a BADMempntary
Civil Rights bill, securing equal rights without distine
tion of race or color, (Langhter.)
Mr. SCHURZ (Reb. 0.) moved to amend the amend
ment by adding: bill to reduce the tariff and iuternal
taxation, and a till to reform the Civil Rervice,
Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., Ill.) moved to lay the pending
PionoAHon on the table for the purpose of taking "w the
IL Jor the removal of political disabilities. Lost by 22
to 31.
Mr. WILSON moved to postpone the resolution for ad
journment, and to Jake 3p luis bill for tue Sou peusatioh
of certain laborers in Massachusetts under Light
Hour law.
Without acting on the motion, the Senate at 1 o'clock
p. ul. weut into Executive session, and at 1:30 p, wm.
undivurncvd.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Bills were introduced and referred as follows:
Mr. POLAND (Rep., Vt.)="To regulate actions in the
Court of Claims by loyal owners of property seized under
the act of March 12, 1263.
Mr. HAZLETON (Rep., N, J.)—Anthorizing an appro
priation for the ng, of surfmen at life-saving
stations ou the New-Jersay coast,
Mr. SCOFIELD (Rep., Penn.) —For a lighthouse on the
north side of Presque Isle, Lake Erie.
Mr. STORM (Dem., Penn.)=To prevent the enlistment
in the army of persons under the ig of 21 years,
Mr. PECK (Rep., Ohic)—For holding an United States
District Court in Toledo, Olio.
Mr. GOLLADAY (Rep., Tenn.)—Resolutions of the
Tennessee Legislature for a systematic plan of meteorol
ogical observations and crop reports,
Mr. CALDWELL (Dem., Teun.)—Granting 500,000 acres
of publie land for leveeing the Mississippi River in Ken
tucky and Teunessce,
Mr. VAUGHAN (Dem., Tenn. )—For an United States
public Puig ix Memphis, Tenn,
Mr. HERNDON (Dem. was sworn in as a Representa
tive from Texas,
INVESTIGATING THE EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS,
Mr. DAWES (Rep., Mass.) offered resolution directing
an investigation into the management of the various
Exccutive Departments, It is similar in its wording to
that offered yesterday by Mr, Lynch, except that the
latter was confined to the Trepousy Departwnent,
Mr, COX (Dem, N.Y) Juduizs whether this resolu
Hon uid cover an examination into the Syndicate
affuirs
Mr. DAWES replied it would not, as that was a matter
in the Treasury Department; but he assured his impa
tient friend from Now-York, {tf he would ouly hold bis
soul in putience he would be satisfled that the Secretary
of the Treasury had conformed to the law in every par.
ticular. Tue resolution wag adopted.
Tle House then took up the bill to consolidate the Post
Office Jaws, and after some Little discussion the bill was
assed.
3 Mr. BINGHAM (Rep. Ohlo), from the Juaiclary Com
mittee, reported a bill for fixing the first Monday of No
vember, 1872, as the time for holding the clection tor
choosing ¥lectors for President and Vice-President.
Messrs, BINGHAM and BHELDON (Rep. La.) ex
plained the necessity of the bill as arising out of some
provisions of the Louisiaua Constitution. After some
discussion, the bill was postponed until the second
Wednesday in Jopuary,
Mr. PETERS (Rep., Me.), from the Judiciary Commit.
tee, renoried a bill for the benefit of purchasers of lands
sak, fur direct taxes in the imsurrectionary States.
assed,
Mr. ARCHER (Dem. Md.), from the Committee on Na
val Affairs, reported a bill to place on the naval pension
roll the names of the widows and minor children of
Newton H. Adams and John Rudenstein, late surgeous
in the navy. Passed.
THE GENEVA CONVENTION.
Mr. BANKS (Rep., Mass’), from the Committes on
Foreign Affairs, Jeporied a bill appropHiating $260,000 for
the 93pentes of the Tribunal of Arbitration at Geneva
under the Wachington Treaty. He gxpiained the neces
ayy for the Iinmedinte passage of the bill, as the case on
behalt of the United States is to ba predejied at Geneva
ou Baturday next; but said the fullesy opportaniiy for
debating the terms of the Treaty would given after
the liolidays on other points, Janicviviy in regard to
the Hebéries, in which his colleague (Butler) felt much
nterest.
A discussion arose on an objection by Mr. GARFIELD
A8 to whether the subject should or should not be re
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
The SPEAKER decided aguinst folat, holding that
the Rules of the House only required the feseral appro
priation Dills to be reported .by that Committee.
After a Joug discussion on technical points of order,
the bill was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Btate of the Union,
THB APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The House then, at 33, went into Committes of the
Whole vn the State of the Union, Mr. BUFFINTON
{Repo Muss.) in the chair, and resumed the consideration
of the Appot tioument bill.
Mr, ‘UR (Rep., Penn.) explained his substitute,
He had started with the rt A oe of 260 as the total
number of Representatives There were four States—
Delaware, Oregon, Nevada, and Nebraska—whose Dope
lation was below the figure engiiling them to one Repre
sentative each; but they were entitled to one Represen
tative each under the Constitution. Dividin $he pep
+Jation of the other 33 States by 137,800~which figure,
much calculation, he had srrived at as jhoracih fav be
members more, thus making 363 members. there
were 18 Btates, which, after dividing their populjtion by
the ratio, had fraction over one-half of C]
gave each of these a8 additional member for such frac
tion, thus making tbe whole Bumbes 280. The States en
titled to an additional Representative for theese fractions
over one-half the ratio were Masaachuse Rhode
Island, Connecticut, New-York, New-Jersey, 5
vanis, Marsiand, rglola, North Ourolina,
Fv and Kansas. Sealy, iowa,
After further discussion BY Metts. SHELLADABGES:
Lox and GARVIELD, the 4 Comicon rose withou
ying taken an on on y
woh tio Promain 40 Mectrioes sud
0 an
report whether auy of the nations! banks in New-York
are interested or concerned in promoting an artificial
scarcity of hovel. Adopted.
Mr. LAYERS p., Penu.) introduced a bill for the
better detection aud prevention of fraud in the naval
Desvign Adlowrned.
POSTSCRIPT.
4:00 A. M.
ee oe
HI3 CONDITION STILL FURTHER IMPROVE
HI3 CONDITION STILL FURTHER IMPROVED.
LONDON, Wednesday, Dec. 13—8 In.
An official dispatch from Bandringham this
morning says the condition of the Prince of Wales
is without alteration.
The Prince takes food and stimulants, and has
been twice lucid at intervals, but sleep is badly
wanted. His condition is, however, somewhat more
hopeful.
A cable telegram announcing that prayers have
been offered in America for the recovery of the
Prince is well received by the English press.
PROF. AIKEN RECALLED—AN IMPORTANT DIS
CREPANCY DISCOVERED BETWEEN HIS RE
PORT OF THE ANALYSIS AND HIS TESTIMONY.
AxvApoLis, Dee. 12.—The Wharton trial was
continued to-day. Prof. Aiken was recalled to the wit
ness stand at the opening of the court this morning,
The summary of the analysis made by Aiken for the
_Btate Attorney in the Criminal Court of Baltimore City
~was submitted and {dentificd by the witness, who was
asked whether this summary, and the copy introduced
here this morning, contained an error or varied from his
statement to the jury. He answered that it contained
an important error, which he discovered this morning
for the first time; the experiment or test described be
fore the Jom differed materialiy from the test as
described summary witness thinks it is owlog Ww
a clerical error, not an error of judgment.
The statements are iu the handwriting of Alken. Tho
Upportam variance between Aiken's summary or report
of his analysis and bis testimony before the jury is, tha’
he describes two different and distinct experiuients in
the former. He says he dissolved some of the white sed
ment of the tumbler in water, then added some hydro
chloric acid, which gave a white precipitate; this was
dissolved in an excess of the acid; then, when this wis
thrown in water, a white precipitate was given. This
does not occur with sartar-emetic. The experiment de
tailed in the testimony before the jury was different. Is
described a solution of the substance Faposcd to be
sulphide of antimony in boiling bydroclloric acid, aud
its Sehgerydent reactions.
The witness was further rigidly questioned as to tho
quailty of tartar-emetic obtained by his analysis, aud
the means used to ascertain the Seitu y.
Peter Smith, tha janitor of the Diversity of Maryland,
testified as to the custody of the key of the laboratory:
that the only persons having access thereto while the jar
containing the stomach was therein were Profs. Chew
and Miles and Dr. Williams.
Jacob Weaver, the undertaker, testified to taking the
bo ly of Gen. Ketchum from Mre, Wharton's house, and
‘having it in sgsjody until the post-mortem examination.
A. A. Kleinschmidt testitied that he is an apothecary
and {he JEUIO0 partner of the firm of Gusman Co. has
known the prisoner over two years; on Monday, Juue
26th, between 7 and 73, Mrs, Wharton entered
his store and asked first for small vial of tine
ture of valerian witness gave her an ounce the Prison
er then asked for a small quantity of tartar-ewctic, say
ing that she wanted it for a plaster; thinks he gave her
0 grains, which he charged on their books.
The entry book with the original entry waa shown,
which was the first cutry on that day in the handwriting
of the witness clurged to Mrs. Wharton, Witness sold
the articles in person to the prisoner, He further testi
fied relatitive to the prescription of yellow jessawjne by
Dr. Williams for Gen. Ketch,
Heury W. Hanna was sworn, and testified to fra.
Wharton's being present ut Gossman’s, as stated by
Kleinschmidt.
N. H. Hutton was sworn. He had known Mrs,
ton for several years. The witness then detailed cirgum
stances and times of seeing Gen. Ketehum during his
filuess at Mrs, Wharton's his assisting Dr, Williams to
remove Gen. Ketchum from the sofa to the bed, us de
tailed in the evidence of Dr. Williams, and the violence
of the convulsions previous to Ketchum’s death. The
only new and material statement wade by Mr. Hulton
wax that on Wednesday, June 23, between 9 und 10 a.
after reAching the house of Mrs, Wharton, where lig was
attending Mr. Van Ness, Mrs. Wharton called wiiness
aside, A bad something very hopor
tant and eeable to communicate to him,
which she wished witness to communicate to
Dr. Williams, and enjoining that it should not be men
tioned to any one else; Mra. Wharton then produced from
her pocket u vial, which sue said coutained landanwn,
which had been found shout Gen. Ketohum’s bed by
Busan, the servant, ou the day before; withess expressed
Tegrel that be not been informed ou the previous day,
when the prisoner sald she could not make up ber mind
to mention the matter, as the inference would be disa
grecania to herself and Gen. Ketchum; about this time
Dr. Willams came in and went up to Gen. Ketohuwn’s
room. The subject of the vial was wentioned in Dr. Wil
lHams’s evidence. The croes-examination of Mr. Hutton
was begun, when the hour of 3 o'clock p. m. arrived, aud
the Court asujourned till to-morrow.
SEVENTEEN PERSONS SAID TO HAVE BEEN.
FROZEN TO DEATH.
St. Louis, Dee. 12.—A gentleman who arrived
in Kansas City on Saturday last reports that on the Sun
day previous the following terrible affair had oceurred in
Saline Conuty, Nebraska: A party of ewmigrauts with
their families were passing through the county west
ward, when the weather became so cold that they con
cluded to camp and light a fire. They were ou a piece of
high prairie, several miles from any house, bu
three miles from them was a piece of timber land. Atter
unhitcling their teams, the men started for this thber
to procure fuel. Not returning for ecveral hours, the
womwen left their children and started to hunt for them,
This is all that is known, save that the next uw tho
frozen bodies of 17 persons, who perished from the in
tense cold, were found, The children who were left 1
the wagons were the only survivors of the party.
eee eet
Boston, Dee, 12.—To-day the Duke Alexis
and suite, accompanied by School-Superintendent Phil
brick, visited several of the public schools. The ordinary
school exercises and selections of music were rendered,
much to the apparent gratification of the distinguished
visitors, After the exercises, Mr. Machin briefly ad
dressed the scholars iu behalf of the Duke, and gave
them some excellent advice. The Duke appeared highly
interested in the schools, and requested the Superis.
tendent to favor him with some of the school statistics,
reports, and rules and Degationa, In the evenlijg ihe
Duke visited the Globe Theater, and witnesae ina
Cushman’s personation of Quien ('atharine, 'The follow
ing is the proposed route of the Grand Duke;
He leaves on Thunday morning, via Lowell and Concord, N.
H., for Montreal, arriving there on Friday and remwiniag autil Monday,
when be leaves for Ottawa. Ou Tuesday be leaves Ottawa for Torvnte,
remaining until Friday, when he leaves for Niagara, and aext day arrives
in Bufalo. On Tuesday, 26th, he leaves Buffale for Cleveland: on
Thursday, 25th, be leaves there for Detroit, and 03 Sataniay, Jb, Le
leaves Detroit for Chicago.
1n case of the death of the Prince of Wales, the route
mav be changed.
r— an et.
HoNESDALE, Penn., Dec. 12.—The hardware
store of Hartley Rogers, the provision and flour store
of Holmes Co., the shoe store of C. M, Scots, the drng
store of Dr. R. W. Brady, and the cigar store of Jacob
Miller, were burned this afternoon. At one time the
whole street was threatened with destrmotion 4 the
flames communicatiug to Durland Torrey’s boot and
shoe mauufactory. Beversl families lived in the bprned
buildings, who lost uearly all their household goods,
Hartley Rogers lo~e¢ $13,000; Holwes Co., ubout
$25,000; Dr, Brady, $6,000;.C. M. Boott, $3,000; the totul
lose will be about $6,000. The bailding vcoupled 4
Holmes Co. and Halley Rogers belongs to W. B.
Holmes. Dr. Brady ow the other buildings.
One of the finest and most valuable pigtures
in the art collection at Warwick Castle was a Circe by
Guido—universally regarded as a mas lecoe—for, which
the present Earl of Warwick is said Werhice paid 23,000.
The cost of the collection destroyed by the recent fire is
estimated at £70,000, and 1s could nos be replaced for
twica that sum.

CUBIAEBD ANY VARBVAMALESE ABURINAL
....The cok Hotel, Toa Sul was
Ai ne 17 0 bens dromned Jixd osagh the ioe,
oa Satarday
veeeA bri on the Cincinnati and Indianapolis
Cr
ON Fated Tk, rir of To mt Gen
wi ihe TrO, brothers named MoHall, eno ah thfrineer
224 Westors Rallresd, sear Berastos, tach evening, ead Selasdy Wlted,
odes Delos who asssulted Charles D. E.
op Fy rm pg
Ts rae (17)
mi en pm Bt
Bs rag tere, aad Beot¥s sheo-stars were ppd
vest that place re te irae, threash poevepind
Geo, and John D. ol.arged
wi ade
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
1HE WHARTON TRIAL.


THE GRAND DUKE IN BOSTON.
FIRE IN HONESDALE JSPENN.
CRIMES AND CABSUALTIES-BY TELEGRAPH.