THE MEMPHIS DAILY APPEAL WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15. 1871.
OI K ftOYEKBU.
In the November number of the Overland
Month a, is a poem by Mm. MM Neall, en
titled "'oTtiiber," which U worthy to be
ritMwi wtti) ine baa-t. works of tit She- eees
lu America- io?stnber iron tt i.saertaan
point uf viev, uad dares to oraplimeni it. In
wptte at all the K- c. :i .km t- who Have
chor to abiise that month, becauee, in tbwr
t l.mete 1. la the noorm of deartnaai. Com
pare lit is "Novemwi" with that or b-ood,
and yon get the dU trence ol English and
American seasons
Oar November!
Nft de.lc'ous, tmimy, tender.
Throwing ofl her veil o mist
For a c nwn or axssatbyst
B tuu am ahe m -Ues
uniaxnfe.'a laat and -ri:.g roses,
lokff a spray of ooraU rare
Plimed within her ahlolkg hair.
Ah the dreerr.v days remember
Of u- November!
Gauzy vapom floe: aronnd her(
Little move o. gej 1 aarround tier.
V .o d aloud r ban above uer.
ilooaaea-ns cia-,' her tike a lover
TniMjfcl if, with irauspareat 3rgra
livery h ;ol where fragranoe llugera,
8 e doth c t opomhe air
his e nee and odors rare.
Wild olooma swoon In and Jen heat
Whe e ths prsnas her Jalnty feet,
AD(! t he an uh.l triein
ii. uujmkage as she paas,
UIchi u' ebi. '-hood's Uughter,
All th wootag rsphyrs waft her;
Hhln:ng in b. myiticspleudor
Waiting, i o salt and tender
Oh. we gr-et the radiant ooiner.
Aniuer-belted Indian summer
FINANCE AND TRADE.
TWEED'S TURPITUDE.
The Chifftali Pats his House i Order for
a Protracted Abseaoe.
New Yobh, November 14. The proba
bilities, of 1'weeU n.'..:n(5 front me citj are
still tbf tut. ect ol loueb discussion. It is
stated, on very reliable authority, that he
has about pcitsoted bt arrsnaeuieDts for
flight, and thai atiy moment may witness
Mr? oepar.ure. xenreroay De was saw to
be u-yiaa: to cLiepose of bia stock ia the
E-i-railroad. Well-informed Taintnany
lies trunk it will take him some tune to
render portable hit treat wealth, bnt it la
d-li utely known that moat, if not all, of
his piuper.y has been undernoinR pfinver-
aion Into greenbacks for a lone tune past
and that bis many aaaigmiienis make it a
matter of e-.-e fur him to leave on short
notws.
n is believed to be in the
r Hall, and will probably
n a lew days. No appoints
made to nil his waie,
mayor ia endeavoring to
ttarca ihn oaM upon several, there la
tch-h diSSjalty to obtain men to accept
anv cf he v.o.iit oiUna under tammany
a tbaa eoni n b- mayor haa been un
able to get ;ersoaalo fill eeveral import
ant places recently made vacant, aa there
l so fettle time between now and the
meetiuj; of the legislature, when It la
expected that the city government will be
reei; I -r.no it la likely tbs vacancies
-x ;.,li.u" until tust time.
Twed'e cono-e) have served exception,
to the or'?, of Jude Larm-j..
The A'jie'i' ua club, which ha? been the
pat or;i 2; ioo of T.mmany, will not
noid its .loubI bill this year. Tweed,
who i si the h' ai of this crftsnization,
will ash the club house, yachts, sad
grounds a: tireenwicb.
His rssigru
hands of Ma
Us made pnb
nicnt has l
and though t
THE CHOLEFtA.
lis Ravages co botrd the Baltic Lttyd'e
SUaaer "Fraaklia.
Nr Y.' RK. November IS. The follow
i:re.-. account of the cnolera at
Tiie btsamsbip Franklin, of
IM vr iJal'ic.LtoydWlne. arrived Satur
day witn a number of cases of cholera
She etiled from SletHa October 10th,
touching t Copenhsfen on the 12th, and
at i.Mstiana. At thelatter pott ahe had
twenty -two cabin and six hundred and
e,. psjM r-. a-ul s crew of
sixty -seven men. When ten days out the
first c-e cholera made Its appearance
amonp the ttecrajce passengers, and
when tti steamer put into Halifax
to obtain coal there had been
nearly oe hundred cases of cholera
and choleric diarrhea, of which forty
proved fetal, hince leaving Halifax one
death OK-urred, and to-day twelve pa
i lent are nnlli.-iag from cholera. They
wort sent k: tne v eft isant aoapitai.
-.ktro were also transferred
fltlTtl steamer Delaware,
r as a receiving ahip by the
utboriliea. The Franklin,
r nf the passengers, waa
le lower quarantine, where
thoroughly disinfected and
nought safe to allow
The we t"
to the Un
lately fi Ml
quarantine
after Hal tr
ordered to
be ia lo 1
detained un
her up the city.
TARDY TELEGRAMS
Tracy cxbibi.a Train n Louisville to
night. Oomrjo'i'.vr examination waa the rrub-
Jectcf !hv citll servloe commlaeion yes
terday. Ellery E D.miel, adefaulliag cashier of
Boston, waa yesterday sentenced to five
yeare' imprisonment a' hard labor.
Admiral Porter's health has Improved
BaSkiantly to s..cw him to fritter away
the pnMie money rmildlnga toipede boat.
Oambeita has completely recovered
from his eerioua attack of illnesa, and will
soon visit Marseilles, Bordeaux and Ly
ons, A negro named Ray struck a little
white boy with j si, lo Little Bock yos
terdsy, -if nug severe and possibly fatal
J r juries.
The pcniiori bureau iaguad 842 certifi
cate, of pensions last week, as follows
Iovsi; I L'.;; widows, 160; navy, 6; war
..1 181- i.i
Jowph La;uc, charged with shooting
sn unknown woman near Baltimore, last
summer, has b -n tried, but the jury dis
agreed, and ha will have another ahanoo
Cadet, Y Brewer has been dismissed
from Wnt Point and the servloe of the
United Stale, for "haxing a Sep," and im
properly interfering with a sentinel on
duly.
The friends of Frederick W. L'ncoln, a
promt i: n yooug author of Boston, fear
thai hr fell among the viotlma of the
Apach Ii'lians recently is Arazona. He
was oonr.ee" ad with Lieutenant Wheeler 'a
explor.ng expidltlon.
A formidable plot of th Bonapartlat
general!-, headed by Fleury, to arrest
Theirs and proclaim France an empire
haa been discovered. The plotters' papers
ere in the poeeesslon of Thlera, who is
confident of tbe fallnro of the ooaapiracy
The proprietor of tbs Dublin Irishman
haa been sentenced to lmpriaonment for
six months for publishing articles of an
c ttaminatory nature in tnat Journal
during tbe trial ft Kelly for the al.eged
murder of Oonatable Talbot.
Mrs. Eiizabetii A. Wheeler, a lady aged
sixty years, residing at 68 Sooth Morgan
strret, Cntoaao, was so seriously burned
on twtardey night by the fxpkwionof a
kerovne lamp, which a rervant waa
Lgbtu.';, lb' she died on Monday.
Tb" new c;'y cnunei! of Little Rook
were in session all of yesterday, endeavor
ing to perfect so organization. There are
four i ,u men who hold over, and four
Broozsinen elected on Tuesday. Three
hu art red ballots were had for president
without any choice.
Lt Thursday, a horse belonging tt
Oeueral Chalmers, and which was bitched
to a buggy, "tore things up hy the roots"
In Auf. m nearly knocking the Cotton
Fieri otiioe into pi, among other antics
and, after abashing tbe buggy, tted trie
lege together and turned s somersault
Into a lour-norse wagon.
Smith, a well-known hardware
t of Canton, Illinois, attempted
It suicide oo Saturday evening
ing himself with a revolver. The
red bia right eye and lodged In
rk r i. rtio i of his brain. No
hopes are, eufunsjned of bia recovery.
Tbe art is attri bated to fioanelal troables.
Tbe Charleston News prin a a report of
the action of certain colored members of
ths h ale legislature, held last week. The
caucus resolved to maks no aapppraana
t'.ona at t ue ooming session for the pay
ment of tbe in erest on tbe State debt,
and declari d ih'.uise.vee tn favor of the re
pudiation of both tbe oid and ihe new debt
of the State.
In the Untied -States district court at
Baltimore, yestcrdsy, tbe case ot John W.
Field, colored, agaiual the Baltimore city
pa-senger railway company, the piaintifi
recovered feu damages. In consequence
ol this decision, negroes are new admitted
Into all the atreet cars of the city. Field
had been ejected on account of bia color.
Monday afternoon, near Menitt station
in Scott count), Illinois, Noah M. Tal
hott committed suicide by blowing out
his brain with a revolver. Ah hour be
fore the deed Talbott bad received a let
ter iium Miss L zxis UiUaan, an aooouo
r.iiahed vounglady of Scott county, whom
Lfl loved intensely, in which ahe perump
t n'Jtt diaoarded buu. Talbott wsaayoung
rr.n i.'ghly respected, being a member of
the chun fe and superintendent of a Sun
day school. H I c
The lollowlng ia a list of the parties
burned out rhstUMnfsT watchmakers
and jewellers L Silbermin, Henry Dau
sttt, F s. st A 15 r family grooers, W.
O. Peenlee A t o, Isaac Piper, H. N. Scy
ier A Ce., it unt A Holland; dry goods. E.
J BacV A Soaf H. slab net dsr A Co., T
Vaughn A Co., Sasssuer A Lowentbal;
fancy goods and millinery, Mrs. E K.
Fiacber, Mrs. German merchant tailors,
Oolds ein, E. Meotke; hoots and
shoes, M Bchuce. Neabitt A Oktfaa; li
quor deaiera. D Kirk Patrick A too., agri
cultural Implements, Rubied Hight; tin
nets, John 0 Calhoun; sewing machine
agencies, Singer and Howe's: furullure,
J. Loss. Tbe home were chietij wooden.
Tbe fire stopped for want of material.
Or r h e or ths DartT A r fka u I
Ti'esoat, November 11, Ian. J
FIHAJICIAa.
We dlaroverwd uotlilsgof sfierlul lnterston
Minllson street In the local money market to
diiv. The deiuand for nioory oou Inuea.
rAieto( tlie aUil'le are liberal, aud curnsni y 1
Id good supply. We hear of no striciii ui
W f Hi. IT. AlWmll..wuo
n srsaie retalily gnialed at I lie ususl rates,
w liirtl remain ai Hliu per t-eui. ,ei iiunuui.
The outside rates on prime paper range from
lumnu ner sent, rier m.utn.
The exebange market it without chaoge and
U OMroemanrl rui un jors. uosioti
aud oilier extern ikjiuI. S lo alseounl
on New Orleiuit. H no i disi.unt l ibersi
The gul.l lu.o ket pj lower and unsteady at 1111
o HIT
As inonev is I mottlv us.il in luovlUK eot
eoiom there i little attention paid to local
slocks aud securities, whieh iu insny lu
sU.Dees have bseu neKlecled. Oounly warrauta
ta lu uema d al Hue. anu uiay iii,aoi reai-u
e luelier salt Tliere it sllll an improved
Csaaltts lu Ktemohis and Clist It-sp .11 railroad
stocks, HSc it paid, bul holders are unwilling
to let go al taese figures, otner mailer!, are
oulet and udci aniced. We quote: Bank
of Tennessee, 87 to sac city bonds, cur-
rem-v lssm. 01 to aoc, baying and sell
lug gold Issue, 62'; to &i)ic. Clur scrls, 7e loMK.
bxvlntr. and toe kiik Slei.ipl. and Charles
ton railroad atook is quoted at 43c; first
leorucaire bonds, si to 85c; id do, 7d lo
Kxr. ArKansas levee bond are quiet and quoted
stall) Je Memphis and Little ttoek rail
road snare.- an- uuinina! al lu to USc; 1st rnurt-
rtssts bonds. 76 lx 7Sc Arkansat. stau war
rants, 75 to sue Mississippi Central railroad
shades at 15 to
mortgage bonds,
Kst: for
dealers report M lo Hbc as trie buying and sell-
1 air rau. id do. 77 to Tsc. Mjsslssi ppl snd Ten
netsse rsilrosvl sliares are Jli Ui Ssfl do 1st mort
gage bonds, S3 Ui Mc; do at, 70c
AH ACCUSATX ,.Kl l.MI.OS.
The Journal of Commerce, of New York,
uiav oe considered preii goou aiunonry on
almost any subjee! sod esiecbtlly any sub
ee: j..rtamlng lu luercantluo matters and all
i '-'liuu-tnerue-. in a lale lsue, in reply
ruis-aled Inquiries that venerable journal
tlniHdraw- the di.-tlnetlon ts-l ween a list is.
ua: al no: lew. titu.ile trail
Ve may arnrui ptH-nively legltimste
trale l-.au law lul -xeli:iiiire ol protirrty Irn-
Ciim ur MKUHUis. iu .inui imi,i.i ni-i u
eble hopeot common U-nerJU
Tnu. we may liiuslraie, w n.-n an imporrer
of eloibs, caiculatluic all Ids laitlay, risks, ln-
suranee, ttulles, lnti'ot aud eharirt's, sells bis
iutulce to Ulc Jubls-r and the lall.T calculate
all hi elianees for remunerative sales, and
where both buy erad l-llvl are u-nelllled by
trie trmissetion, or where lslh expect to be
lH-nented litul have a reasonable prosleet for
gain, the operation Ik bftittrnutc And so
wliere lln- puleliaser ol col ton lnsieve tnat us
i sn biiv and hln rn-i Iain e a i. a! eenaln
rigures. and w ben-the teller bi-lieves that he
rwrii mc H niir i .riee lor n is riMuiee, isnn
anies ,-xpeei lo Is- OeiietPed. and nei: her the
tinver nor rs'jier exjieois lo oe neneniea oy
tbe other'laa.
bul where a dealer in shares promises lode-
liver to another oertaln securit es al a future
dare, net having the same in haadt or lu ex-
SaatSBflg, al some fixed price based upon his
own Idea rf tlie prooable rise or tall of such
aecurilies. and where ths buyer agrees lu ad
vance lo lake Ine securities so oirered al the
rice namsl,or lo iudemnify tbe seller for auy
its be might suffer from trie buyer's default,
its It is evident lha: anv ehanire in the
market that would favor one ar!y would
mally daiuar- tti-- other. This aud every
like transnelto: therefore, must belong to
tne Flas-inealloB of illesitiniate commerce, ae-
rdiui: lo Hi.- hapin ii. fiui:iou atsive uuoteit.
We regard tbe ncrttiou pnifhaseof cotton or
other prodnee. lor a distant future delivery.
linen The sales are made hy in. xte who have
nocotton, and donorexieet to have any, to
i-ii who want no cotlou and do not expect
lo receive auy, as a transaction lu wh -h either
over or Ihe seller must ln iTali:v lose.
and ss. lUteVfore, romrnc tinder th- illwltl-
liead. The Uncol d-mareallou helweell
lawful purchase and sale, where legitimate
wants are uiiituuliy anppiled to the advaa-
ifeol lioth parties on equitable it iniM, and
,se gambling operations when- the 1 ol
one party must Is- the equal gain of the other,
and w here tbe public are benefited lu no it
-e! wlialever. It loo clear to Is1 m'Btakeh.
I lie llsKS ol lo-io auce eaunol P.. hrougli:
within tbls deOuitlon. since In the long run
both tbe insured and t lie Insurers xis-el to Is-,
and usually art gpcTii rs. 11 eannot be spoil,. l
the iKjrrowUift: and lending of money, siuee
lie iiatrssction is In:- ud-d for the beuerri of
beXfl. pl ottdtMtlhe reasonable expei-tstlons of
both are met. It cannot be applied to the sale
ol proerty on credit, w here tde character of
to- iiiiyei is taken as an eiulvsh at lor sen-
rlt since the operation is deslgued for l lie
benefit of both buyer and seller. Therefore It
not the element of risk w hich timkit s
ansansaclhm one of naiuMiijir on the one
r.aua or icgniruuic on me oiijei. out it is tne
rlatnty ibnt w hal one gains b it the other
ntsl tuei:ably lose l bat arsumiuttes the
an sac i ion in form to gambling aud makes it
lllecftlmate.
Bal 1 road Share In Mew Torh.
New Yoax. November 11,; 11am The mar
el is ofl a little from the extreme noint. but
gwneiatiy linn mud active at present quota,
lions.
Canton 70V,
w eslem L nlon Telegraph Company
luicaiuiver BBJi
'aclfic Mall 47s:
kdalus K press j
wen., rarai) ck v. o fc. 05
American r.i
1'nlU.d r-Lau Km
Nsw York Cenrj
Mew York Scrip
aooe mm
Beading...-
Michigan Cenlrsl
niuois ..inirai m
.e el all J aud PlLUsbont
Chicago aud Nort hwestern
I.11lliS
121
IK
..l.l
Chicago and Northwestern preferred..
a K- isusna..
-1
Jir"-.
Bt Paul 6:
si. Pas i preferred 77S
Ohio and MxsaUsipul tok
L olou Pacific 2t4
BouUslB W York..
Nsw York. November 14. ttSB n.m. Sler-
llng steady at 10S7.. Governments a fraction
better with medium demand. Paid for carry
ing gold, H per cent. Money continues easy al
percent.
ieold 112 Vs
rsiuob 01 BBS .....II
itonds Of 1
5-JJ 4.iuosof isai
5-3u Hondt of 1865...
vju Itonds or las., new
S-lAi iionds of 1SS7, new
t-ao Bonds of 1U8, new
km; Bonds.
Pacific Six ea.
111!
111X
114'.
in
Lohdos. November It. 4 30 p.m. New loan.
1-lk ler cent discount.
uonsois
ts. 5-71 Bonds of isai.
r..- -J Bonds of 1887.
S. 10-40 Bonds
Kris
KiwV4
...81shStl
tjj et4
ttrTTOS.
Sab- Ioh1 were Clip l.al...
greater part
nrae street.
Amos
nu rcha
to comi
by Bhco
ball enb
tbe ini
of which were sol
The improved feeling continues, and the mar-
as sale, a lil llt.li. al. r, ,...1 u-ad
S lib rniddlfriu at 171.I7SbCc. tbe inside flKtire
firm' while low mblaling rcluaiutsl at the ad
vance of yesterday. 17Jae, with an upward len-ilt-ocT.
Luwergrade. are neglected. The L.lv
itpuui market was steady and unchanged,
while late in Ihe afternoon etitton In Kew
York adtaiie. .1 lc on staid ordinary, low mid-
Uiiig and mKMUug Oullon In New Orleans
It firm: middflUE Ftc. Among the sales here
1 j were the following, as reported Ut us hy
the factor: 13U strict middling, 17V; 20 low
noddling, 17V,c; aS middling, 17Sc; 104 low
rhiddllug; 17V; U low middling, 17', e; 30 g ...I
ordinary, iej.c; tot mindnua. 17' 1; a. lew
micailng T7ti;7".'Ulddllng I7V-; 18go si ordl
nary. 17c; OMatriot low middling. 17: 30i
strlc: good ordinary, 17-; SI alrlc: mlddilng.
It?; 68 ot middling, iJ'-ic. 18 strict go. .d or
dlnsiy, 17c; 14 sir- 1 g ordtosry, I7e: M
niMiitr. nS't 100 Bsid-iiins. 17S lew
middling. 17V; 1M low middling. afj
good ordinary. 6c; 75 barely m "idling,
117 lJc; 25 low middling, !7c; U strict good
ordinary, 17c: 8 middling. iTV: 110 low
ralddllBg, 1"V 51 gool ordinary, it',-; 67
law middling, i7c; 64 strict good ordinary.
lt'.c; laatrlei good ordinary, 17c; 133 tlrfcl
got d ardtnary. 17c; 27 strict middling,
18 58 middling. Mt; 60 mtddlmg l-Hc
We revise our quota: 'Us on low lnlddliog
an I M.: Idling The prtnr". j.hI feature, oot.ide
the upward tendency. It ihe Increased Inquiry
for bright outton and llie .neglect of low cot
tans, we quote:
itooti irratoarv.
U.w Middling
Middling
strict MTdJ'.Ing
i7Hizr
nQsu
17-.-18..
tiwed Middling JfP;f.
The following u the comparative dally stale
menu rk-celpbt to-day 1 JH6
same day last year :t,tso
Shlptssd owl.y 105
st a., day last year 1,317
Hlock to-day 20,106
Last year 20,217
Total receipts to date. SMM)
hum Unit last year v.,ir;
lotal thlpmenu to dale 81.1H)
Same time lsat year 70.030
Last vear at 'hit time middling here waa
la New York, 18V; gold. "Si. uplauda
In Liverpool, OHd.
C Has ass or Com a tours,
Mbjiphis. November 11
?toc. Meptemnerl, 171
Received since last statement
Received previously
Hklpped since last statement.
Shipped previously
Stock at neon to day
1871.
2.176
1JHS
7M-e
10185
1,665
7K.rtl-sl.l3it
mm
IHrOBTS.
Memphis and Charleston railroad SS
MlatLssfppt and Tennessee railroad all
Mempols and Uhlo railroad. 34fj
sorsmers
tol: rntlad per wagons.,- Ml
mi loatiai
Sempbls and Charleston railroad Is)
Memphis and Ohio railroad 1316
Steamers aouUl 1UV
1 era..
it, l:s pjn.-
The
jUettM lu gets
New Ttixx. November
market Is qniet bet stesdv. Ordinary, 15V:
good ordinary. 17V; lowankldling, in' hC; mid
Ullug ISVi middling Asabama, be ,c; in ddllng
ifleaus, 1 middling Texas, IlwC. Sales
liau bales. Futures, ta ,ier bul not lesser.
t JO p.ui.-g met and weak. Ordlaary, 15V
Pd ordlna y. ITHe; low middling, Vfe; uihl
dliug, V; middling Alslaima, tlV; mut
dll g orieant, rfVi middling Texas, liAtC.
salwexuort. 480 bales; spinners, 126 bales;
a peculators, 21 balsa; la transit. MO bales;
futures, BMW labial Ha I sBB set M-S-lsc; De
cenilier. iSKe; January, lsa-Mc; February,
Marea.Ur; sprll, Jv,
la Uvea ua at.
LivEReawL, Nuvember 14, 6 )sSB. Cotton
string. Middling uplands, ojyl; inlddliriE or
sns, W4d; sales l..-da wJku bales, of wlllch
sosu bales are for export aud speculation.
la Mew ttrieasm.
Kew Obxeabs, Noteaaber 14, Uiso a.m. Cot -"f
s,fli?..'d '"i"1; demand. Middling, 18c;
sales, 1000 bales. Sight exchange 1 discount'
sterling exchange, lssrti.
s p.m. Oouoaatroag. Middling, is,.- aalet
i2Ui bals; sbihl exchange. V, discount-sterlliis'
The situation on Front street, among the
wholesale dealers waa about the same at
yeatasaar. Iu western produce and gram
tht receipts were libera! but not la sufficient
quantity 10 effect prices materially, except In
bran, which and, Soo sacks at Kb 90 per ton,
tbs lowest bran baa sold for several weeks.
The demand has been moderately light, while
tht supply has been increasing, snd now the
market is well stocked. Com sold on ths
levee ths aame as yesierdsy, 85 seeks shelled,
at 60c, and 100 sacks of ear at toe, and In store
he the dray load, 64 to SV. Oats ire in large
receipt, and up to the present writ lag was held
at 6ec on the levee: the highest b.rTbeing 48c.
Freights hsve decllotsl b -bout where they
wars six weeks ago; and priaat In moat
articles decline with Ihe freights, trxcept floar,
which it seems hss had the effect to advance
it In upper markets. The market here in
floor is steady at qnntatl tns. Tie supply It
not so large, but equal to the demand. Corn
meal Is In large receipt wnt- but it light local
demand; a lot sold this morning on tbe levee
at 63 15, five cents less than yes'erday. I la
loes are iu abundance, dull and inatcady at
quotations. Apples, lnlerlor to good, are in
good supply snd cheaper, while choice are
scarce, and would brlug H 50 b 15 on readily.
Ooioos are lu large receipt and dull, with a
light demsnd; unsteady al qnota ions. Eggs
are scar e and higher, selling at 15c, a fancy
price that can't he maintained longer than a
l,esh lotwrrtves. Choice butter Is in demand
and selling at 26c; lnfe-lor to good table lu
good supply and ranging from 20 'o 26c. Cab
bage, scarce, in fact none lu the market.
Cheese, steady, no change. Const firm, with
a steady demand. Hides are in demand at full
prices. Groceries generally are firm, with a
tairdemand. Bacon It In better supply and
lower; clear aides selling at bc; and in some
Instance., uiese figures shaded. Other meats
In proponiou, except mess pork, which is
very scarce and telling at 115 Tlsire wa. an
arrival of bulk meats this moruing, and
offered at 8V. but found no buyer. Baggiug
is quiet and unchanged.
staeorttl Market.
Arri.Ee 9 obi, for common to good, $2 00 to
to 50, and M 00 to to for choice.
Builuxrs' Mate. lata Lsiulsvllle cement,
bbl, ts IV, Kosendale cement, t3 10 to 4; plas
ter Parts, as 75 to a: Alabama lime 50 V bbl
oy carload and 11 SO In store: hair, ik V lb; fire
jrick, irt .10 j tw, oommou oncK, sio to hiv 1000
iellvered.
Butteb Choice table, 27c to ftc good,
z.tc: cotiaing, 111 10 ioc; lnienor, iu mj i.'c.
BaooiNQ Hemp aud bax, 2 lbs, UVl 'i lbs,
18c; iron ties. 6$ to 6c; baling twine, 16
to 17c
Bacon Clears! des, scarce and firm at Wit:
clear rib, 8V, shoulders, N to "l,c; breaklaet
bacou. 11 Wahl'c: mess pork. 114 a0115: ramns.
110 5ostl2; choice and can eased hams. 16 m
choice plain hams, 16c, inienor, 12rJ
14BaAlt-t36 ton. Scarce.
Bbjbwax 25 to 28c V lb.
Cons In good supply: on tile lev se at 60 to
61c; iu store on orders, 65 to 70c
t oxstuje-aaln-drled. atlo to i :u: In store.
M 25 to 3 50.
naAXi a Scarce and higher at ft 00 to 10 00
per crate.
uirrEt-ttlo, tis LO 20c.
Chxese selilng at 14 to 15V
CtSDlH-Ldaht welgul. star. 13 lo 14c: full
weight, 18C
1 issiu uooiie cxi nae nseo milt, tin 50 to 14
case; oova oysters. I lb. ti to UoTalt i In. 12 10
to i 26, per doa. Sardiaaa, quarters, 'f oase, t26
to sr; naives, a., to as.
I HK KL13 x ouug, 62 to 8 75; old, 1-4 to 4 50.
ESMS r rerui Decked. 32 Ui 3.sl: lnf srlor. 2s to 1
a.. E
r LorjR Hi per. 66 00 to M 25: extras. f .in to
7 00: good faxuliy, 17 50 to 8 00: fancy brands. 1-
LtEATHJUt Hemlock sole, alt, 1.1 1 o Ww o. s
S7iotl6; harutsps, 34 to 36c; uppers, Vdoa, oo to
4dc: French call, Ikl to 60; Amerliui, Uo to 45.
L.AKI Keg, Uii to 11 V; Uerce, 10" lo 10 V;
caddies, 12S to 13a.
ts o i.AHMEiv ipouislana. mu in on s. :t5 10
toe: reuueu syrups, 00 u nee In nail bbls and
s, o 10 mc uigner A ew bsiulsoit a a to 600
ATt-Hsa Telearauh brand, .ton lr hoi.E7So
to b; short coup ts, 16 K
OATb Tne martet Is well snnnlUtl will, a
light looal demand. On orders, 00 to 56c.
Oils Coal oil. auto. sic v n,,...
11 07- do boiled, tl 1 lard oil, 75 10 tOc; train,
80c West Virginia lubricating, 55 to loci oolton
teed 0.1. crude, 42c: reBned yellow, fflc; white
67c: cake, 120 V ton; ooUouaeed, 10 pe." ton.
OKio.vB r bbl, 12 so to 13.
Powoeu ttlfle, e keg, so
Potatoes 1 bbl. in 801111110. nnw si no
1 25; in sacks, f 1 lo to 1 20.
rAJjrra while lead. Colller'a a lh inu o.
llsc: southern. 11c cotLat-e enloeu- rim. k...
French, 16c; Amerlean7l2c: turiienliae', ."gtc
patent dryer, 15c; Japan do, 11 50 to 1 75; puuj.
lilllil 4S-C- l.litjlileru F-e St mr, XJ
1 m u.nu, t.UM.11, 1.1,
6; copal, 12 to 3; Ore-proof pamt, to y bbl; whit
ing, gilders' best, 5c; Venetian red, k; yellow
ochre, 6c
tllCTS Carolina, prime new. Be- lUnmnr a
to v Patana, 8 I08V
xsoea. rtrtOv -jotxon rope, a lb. m to .tare in!,
K to Inch, 16c; grass, to V inch, 20 to 23c;
bemp nominal; Juts twine, 2oc; j a; twme
ftc ootton. 30c: Darxr. rair. lart e o ,1 o, ...,,i
small, 50c 73c and tl war ream; Maiulla, lb,
Unprecedented Reduction
Southern Palace,
D. C H. M. Loewenstine
BE UNDERSOLD!
BY ANY HOUSE IN THE SOUTHWEST.
our
Sdgae Refined
while. cm.hAil t.,..i.h1
and granulated, 14 to 14v c tofl rv-aned, liit
to 135,c: Lonlalao 1 clarified, 12 to 13c; brown
au yeiiow uo ,,eatl sogara, lo to lie
Starch c 1 iet at 1 V to 5V Y 'b.
SALT K. .swhaand Ohio river loittnsrs
bbl ol 20 lbs; dairy, at bbl, ts 26 to 3 5o; ldver
pool, V sack, t2 25 lor fine
nnoT -s sacK, 12 60 to 2 85.
SoAPOerman mottled, 7e: common, 5c
uu.o, 1 nttai, .11 aeera 1 c
Tallow timet at 7c
Tin hers' Btoci We quote: Tin plate IC 10
Xll, til 50- IX 10X14, 114 I,', 14X2(1 tuii-Tw
BUM So; B .roofing, 11c; bhick Un.'co
per bottoms, 42c; boiled sheet iron, ai and 27 eV.
to c; charcoal do, 0 to 9V.
ToBACCo-ManuJactured tobacco, extra fine
and rancyMrgmia work, II to 10; flue, so to
Oe; gotsl, i0 to 80c; medium, bo to 70c; common
44 to oec: caddies, quarters, fine, 68 to 72c; good
medium, 5s to 82c; oommou, 56 to 00c; smoking
common medium, 26 lo 40c; fine 10 fancy, 60c
Live a tor a.
The market is in light supplv for all descrip
tions of shark, with a prospect of Literal re
eei,i. in in., ucxi uiiiy-eigbt hours. Beef
cattfe are iu better demand al an advance of
SlV' Hogs are also In better demand aud
Inner at an advance of fully ,c Choice mut
ton sheep meet ready sale; all olher grades
are dull. For cows with young calves there is
coiihidorable Inquiry, and they bring good
prices. We quote:
Beef cattle, 1st quality
Medium to good
Inferior tti oinimiin.
Hogs, lor heavy
Hog., 1.,! ;lghi wesghu-
"rri'i 0""t StOtll (jjj
ktheep, inferlr Ui ouinmon, per heatl.tl M..J.1
Cow s and calves, CoUlluou Jf30ta40
Cows and calves, choice tilftttW
5 SV
t I ,1
i'a v :t c
tK V
1 -c
MARKETS BY TELEGRAPH.
FOB A Ohm OS A L KXrOBT SEE 1 :K-; PACE-l
KW IOKK
WALL STREET.
Nrw York. November M. Jold JJw hect.me
rather heavy, opening at lUJs, andeiosiiig at
lll'lll'; on loaus. The rate w as fiat at 3 icr
ociil carrying, ltally clearings. aas.ooO.iMi.
M, t H-y easy at from 4 to 6 r ts-Sk. Govern
ments opened steady, and sales becwru. strong.
11 dos.sl drra. Currency bonds inVsine If ttft
d. mail. I al lUVslltS in star. IsiriilsStreunes-s-e
issues very strong, with but lewtf anv,
irsusaclitius. Mismi.ui i. tei tirh. lieisaMKlth
Carolina's entirely neglected; hrsl call ittkst'
1 Old sold al 31 '.til ly. Sua-kjt tqtelled flnildrrflllf
afternoon the market Mtmewtiat rveeded.
Wcltni Union was noticeably airing all day.
The principal dealing were In Ne x ork Ceii
tnil. Northwestern, Ohio, Wahioth, l'acirlc
Mailf Went era t 111. 11 and Kock Island. The
hone of the market was strong al the close.
suite Ismd" Missouri, fw; Tennessee, old,
eMJ; Tcnnesstv" new. us': Nlrglul.i. new 65';
SI irginla old, 50; North Carolina old, 3s;
Nonli Carolela new, l. Sterling exchange
Bankers' bill, 87,. Bonds snd stta-ks J. s.
oouisiiiK, 5-a s, isax. 11. on. 5-jo's, mm, ii V; ov.
.V.Vi s, 1-So. 11; do. s-ft s, uew, 1865, 14; do. o-2tl's.
1867, 14; do. o-20a, 1818, 14; do lO-tO's, y; do.
currency 6'a, lg.
Dry tseatls.
Dry goods are dull. Cottons an: lu but little
demand and prices rule steady at TV for
long cloths; 11 c for Merrimack and oilier
staudard brands; loc for Anioskeng and lain
caster ginghams: 13c for best sty lesttlasgow
do, 20c for Hamilton XX brown Anion nan
uels; JSC for Amoskeag: 17 c for do
U do; Sc for Hamntou; 14c for
Appleton and Amoskeag browu drills; Koto;
u r Masonvllle bleached muslins: loc for Hill's
a mis-r Idem; 14c for Hope; lie for Green; 13c
for James Long No. 15 cheeks; 17c for No. 40
do; lc tor No. 02 do; 23c fur No. 50 red Caledo
nia do; 16c frrr No. 15 do; 25c for So. 30 Irw in
Stepson's checks; SV tor No. 40 do, and 3c
for N'o. ts-do. l ive j ards 3tp. 53 woii-ied braids,
both common aud high colors, are ttcady
at 55c.
CIBCISsJIATf.
Cincixkati. Noveintsw 14. Cotton In fair
tleiuand and prices advanced; loir middling,
il7c. f lour in good demand at full
lint-.-, lamily. IS txi us 75. S ln-a dull; retl,
tltaratso. Corn dull and drooping; new, 44tt
45c; old, 5152c. ftj e steady and iu mislerate
deiuand. oats steady, with a moderate de
mand, 35aac. Barley In fair demand and
market firm, esMatSj Groceries and oils un
changed. Eggs, butter and cheese In fair de
ruand and market firm. Seed unchajoged.
rVirk dull, but unchanged, tu .i: new.tu.
ittrd in light deruaud, but hokle-s firm, sw4
0e. Bulk meats in fair demand, b it al lower
rates; uew -boulders, tr.jxis'; side... 6j.c for
clear rib sides; 12c for clear sides, packed. Ba
con market steady, with a modernte demand,
7(7(g7V. Whisky, 89c.
Chicaoo, November 11 Fiouis-the mar
ket has Improved underforebzu and etssteru
advices. Wheat lo. 1 spring Cllcago, II ft
No. 2, 11 12. Rve dull but unchanged No. 1,
ilse its; Mo. 2, tl 00 for regubi tl 25orl So
for strictly fresh. Barley In g,sal demand at
full prices: fall Ifo. Z 445c Mo. 2, 4' ..t
IV- lork the market Is steady iritb a mod
erate demand: messjll' 7UuSU 75. Lard quiet
and unchanged, at THaBV- Bi.lk meats
demami fair and the market Is trm. Green
barns, 7a(7V shoulders, 4c short rlbs,s
fc meats ten to fifteen days in aalt shoul
ders, c short ribs, 6c short clear, 5c.
Whisky, 88c. Hogs demand actlvo and prices
advanced, as stats ad for common 'Timecilnm
tat 16 for fair to choice tl 20fttt :s for extra.
Cora Bu asked, and 8c oflerud.
LOl'MVlldhB.
LotrLsvi llk, November 14. Tobacco firm
and unchanged. Bagging al s disc mm heavy.
Hemp and nax, in round lots, iel(ra,17c. Cot-
1 middling, I7c. Flour QQlet ind steady,
extra family, to 35. Wheat qui. t and firm
tl Wstl 46. Corn, old oOi&frc; newtSv Oats firm,
4ui tie. Kysqulet. 80c. Provtsioiir quler; mess
pork 12c; bats tn.should. rs.7e; cliiar rib sides
6: do clear sides a.. Mams, sugar cored t.v.t
b'lJard Vloc Hii, cholcti, firm 4 76.
arr. toiti
Br. Louis. November li. (lottos un
changed, at 1 7317c. ri ur in tisid demaad
at full p. lees; sap. rlu winter, 11 15 25; extra
winter. 1540(s5 no; XI, It 866 Zi. wheat
closed higher: No. 3 red, ti tfijii 41; red wet
ter 1 ro 11 aCii 51 oora in fslr demsnd;
mired on trees tiigtxMe. Oats la fair de
mand: fair Mt. 2, SfvrtftV. Barley quiet; No.
1 lots, 44c Ke nrm; Mo 1, 73x Wblaay
nncba-ged, al rv Tobacco unchanged.
Hemp nominal Bagging on orders, )7at
18c. Pork steady al 14c Bacon lulat tales
mostly private; clear rib and chair tides, 8c
Lard nomlna'ly unohanged. Btgt stlfi and
Mgher, at It 8V9 25. uattle nnc oanged, at
tfl4 75.
New Oxtuts. November 14 flour firm,
superfine! xo6 17; XX, 17 26: XXX, 17 Mt)
7 17. Corn 1 .uer, mixed 7ta72c; white 86c.
Hay easier .prime 138; choice Ijd 06. Pork lower,
mess tlS. Bacon steady, shoulden. SV: clear
rib sldes8c; clear aides 6awV. All others
uucluuigeu. sterling 20. sight discount.
Gold 111.
rOBEIUK MAlKITh
LONDON.
LoKDOft, November 14, 5 p.m. Consols, 96v
American securilles firmer; United Slates cou
pons. b-JOi, of 162, 01; do do, lljat do 7, stf..;
do 10.40a, t0. Tallow S0at)50 3d; turpentine,
FRANKFDRT.
FaAsKrokT, November ltw Coiled states
coupons, ',-j, 1882, atV-
PAJtia
Pabxs, November IA Rentes, 561 75c.
LIVERPOOL.
Liverpool. November 14. Ootlon ttrong
lniddling uplands. 0d, rulddlleg Orleans, ir3
sales, lsoo bale, of whutb ouu are lor export
aud speculation. Yarns and fabrics at Man
chester firmer.
AND WE GUARANTEE TO GIVE YOU MORE
Good, Fresh and Seasonable Goods
FOR YOUR MONEY,
THAN ANY OTHER HOUSE IN THE CITY.
Sleeping Reductions
rjAVE BEEN MADE IN
Brown and Bleached Domestics,
OF ALL KINDS, AT THE
D. C. H. M. Loewenstine's, 332 Main
DRESS GOODS
WE OFFER AT
ONE-HALF THEIR CASH VALUE
ALL NEW AND DESIRABLE!
D. C. H. M. LOEWENSTINE,
SOUTHERN PAIAGE, 332 MAIN STREET,
HAVE SSADE UNPARALLELED REDUCTIONS IN
Shawls and Cloaks
EXAMINE THESE G100S. FOR THEY ARE BOUND TO BE SOLD.
D. C. H. M. LOEWENSTINE,
SOUTHERN PALACE, 332 MAIN ST.,
Assure their friends and the public that this Is a 6ENUINE
SALE, to reduce an unusually large and heavy stock, amount
ing to over $450,000 and especailly urge purchasers to ex
amM it before going elsewhere, and to call early, as our stock
has been marked at prices that WILL INSURE IMMEDIATE
AND RAPID SALE. REMEMBER THE PLACE,
SOUTHERN PALACE, 332 MAIN ST.
Between Union and Monroe.
229
All psrtotiB wanting boose furnishing goods
ire most rMtoCtlwIli1 invited to e&amine ay
stock of Brussels three-sly, two-ply and ingrain
Carpets, English and American Floor Oil Cloths,
Mattlegs, Rugs aid Watts, etc. Also, Parlor,
Cuimbar- Dionlpgrocm aod Office Furniture.
These Goods have been selected with great
care. Aa Inspection of then would convince the
public as to the quality, style and price.
E. FE6AN, 260 Second Street
MAIN STREET.
229
Walker Bros, Co
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
STAPLE AND FANCY
D
R Y G O O
NOTIONS, TRIMMINGS,
D S,
ETC.
MANUFACTURERS AND JOBBERS IF
Men's,
Youths' and Boys' Clothing
AND FURNISHING GOODS.
Railroad and Leves tenstractors and Merchants Seneral'.y
Will always find roxnplettr
al CstMts. sallaMa la
tn anr NSsek.
Terms XlboxAl axlcA Fir: lo oat LowJ
Ws rtatpastlxillw lawlLs IstxtaaatMr tsssata fcalait aarBStatlay
From Octocber 1st, 1871, to January 8th, 1872,
In consequent of the fever In Cn-uleeton, C.
$500,000 TO BE 6IVEN AWAY
THE SOUTH CAROLINA
LAND IMMIGRATION ASSOCIATION,
BUTLER, CHftOWlCK, GARY fc CO., Agents.
Onder tbs antplces of the Honrh Carolina Hlate Aarlenltoral and Mechanical fv!c
will give a HEKI rri OK CONCHJITS, at the Academy of Hemic. Charleston, B. U., sataxasaa
lng Jmntrrsth, 1ST2.
Kefart to all ths Bankers, Broken and prominent gentlemen of the coon try, both
North and Sculii.
150 000 ASCN TICKETS OF ADMISSION, AT $5 EACH
If yon have not r celveJ a Clrcntar, send far one, giving fell particulars.
ST AM. OaDKBS HTKICTLT COSTFt DaWTlAln
B408 Gl i'TS, Amountliofi, txx sail, to $300,000
The Drawing of this great Boathern Knterpriae will be conducted under the supervision
of the lollowiua wen known gentlemen:
(tea A. it WKilidT, of Uoorgia. Con. B. B. RDTLKDGE. o: Sonth Carolina.
Gk.t BADL.ET. Ji iHNS'JM, of Virginia, HoK. ROOKR A. PRYOR, of New York.
Uuney for Tickets can be sent cither by Express or Postsfflee Order, and the Ticket
will be promptly forwarded. Direct ail letters to
BI'TltSUL, 4 HADW1CK, (.AIT at CSX,
PRINCIPAL Oil ICE, CHA&LEklON, 5. C
UK.N. M. hCTl.Eli. JOHN CHAD WICK. GkN. M. W. GARY
I. O. 0. F.
MUTUAL AID ASSOCIATION
Office, 222 Mail St. atsapkla.
BOARD OF TKDrTreCHl
W. 8. Bar.-a J. D. DA.iBiraT,
S, Y. Pkbboott, H. D. Conhbu,
D. O. TaaOBB, JOHK Li.sKMACBJt
OBAititSS A. 1ISXHS, t. B WSHXX,
W. XI. SlOtlSTOW.
Os-riCBRS:
H. D. OOX.NxCltl xrestileiit.
B. If ING HAM, YMcfr Presidents
J. P PhU.COTT. Bocr-tary.
W.B. BKCCE, Trtsj!cr.r.
ONLY members of ths order ia good eland
lng admit led. Tie fees sra smalL Ad
mission fee, 16, In advance. Annual fes, II
advunoe, and 12 upon Ihe dealh of eacl
member (within thirty days eiler being ootl
fled), when hia 'arailS", or any person deaig
mSBt hvhim.wlll be entitled to the avert
gate of It from every member of the Assr
clattoc. AH Odd KeUow. In Tennessee. Mis
sissippi anil Arkansas, are .jUgiole ta meiu
bersbtp. This Is atrlotly an Odd Fellow's in
etitailon. to benefit ths families of its ds
xoaxtiDors. txsxts tsw
MoOOMBS
KELLER Itv BYRNES,
HARDWARE JOBBERS
100 and 102 N. MAIN ST.,
ST. LOUIS KiSSOURI.
a. jtaakvrrxnr, lr
ISO. H H1W1TT
MA6EVNEY, HEWITT L CO,
Commission Merchants
AND
COTTON FACTORS,
WhuiB.ald Feed Westers, rfoduce,
S8I MAII aTBEET,
BtEMPHIS, TENNESSEE.
Rrsr with nermlision to: Mempiils Bank.
DeSolo Bank Ford. Porter A Uo. CI .rk, My
A Co. oc .2
K. UUsltEEIJ, W. NI'KWAMT.
Late La:r
I. DiBHirU. 4 OO.. w. It. 8TBWAFT m BHD.
OasBiell.Stewart&Co.
COTTON FACTORS
aiid
COMMISSION MERCHANTS
so. 300 raoM stblei.
CXb9 ToSXWKJ'.anlsl
J. HA LINGS. J. b WBBB J. U HAW LI HOP.
J. J RAW LING 8 CO
Cotton Factors
vim
COMMISSION MERCHANTS
No 2F-4 Froct Street
iCPotTAJRS),
MEMPHIS,
TENNE8f3EE
w To tboKt. T.tn dc-i-o !t we w U advance
three-fonrtfcit of the vaias of oo Ion on de
livery, charging nothing ior the atlvance
except hank. Interest irom the time of the
advance ntpti in rotttm is sold and the
money collef led. This on hardly fail to be
anpreclatsoyoy thrttr wli o or i ng lit cotton on
waaons. an WHttl oinnny 10 rp ttru me
same day before tite BSStaB van be BattL snu
by merchants and l who wnt the
money in hand for ti e pOTsosaof reinvest
ing. The racilillrti lor leamianoes oy ex-ore-
s sresncn lbs, tie thluosr can Live toe
money In hand In two or three doija after a
shipment)
m we tsgu nu a:i orntrrs si too tumwi w.
prloes, frasl of cha:4e, when we hevs me
money in Find. sal
HMDBII, IrNABB A C40X,
004 aaa i'rtm ariretis. As-fts
To Uio Fi morsj.
NEW COTTON PRESS
T HAVE invented a cotton press wnien is
X SU.lOu Ml IllW VMIU III .ttc tntutc,
simple In ari-ngament and exsliy mnoaaed
IF I I w I I. t ttr.at I It I
I roirrw. u""sj,
Mc(1ellan at to .'is Front sires'; Stitrpe
Roberti-. 11 Morrcesuent; Tbos. Alexs-.dei
18a new Msdlsonsl.vriioL-volbepresi rorsal
and can testify to tt-. superiority.
oeia Uolrvar i sna.
Olx'o-ixliax.
B the redaction or the National debt, by
the con tinned pnrcr. is" and cancrtiatlon
of flwe-ts-enty bonds. Will lead to Injreafe
the surplus capital held by la -orporate m
atltntions and private capital. sis in aisasst
every iecuon ot taa country, isrge amouu.
of which will seek investment In State inl
first mortgage railroad bonds of nndoueted
value, we wonld reoommead to our corres
pondents and others the securities of ths
Stats of Arkansas, which are ersssifled as
ioilowa. Vix:
Funded debt bonds (4 per cent.) January
and July.
stale aid bonds P par cent.) April and Octo
ber. otate levee bonds (7 per cent.) January and
July.
The Interest on these bonds Is payable In
currency at ths i nlon Trust Company,
this city.
Any information dotlred win be fnmlthed
and all orders promptly execat'fi by
l Ltr.it. W A.t-t t v...
Bankers and Dealers in southern rUcurinea,
jy Broad sires, new t urx. w
LOOK TO YOUR CHILDREN.
THE GREAT SOOTHING REMEDY.
Jtfrt.
ftO'sxtt
oyrttji.
BTsaloositVs
arjrrup.
Jf".
Tt-aiwomo'
BJSBBB,
rv.tlt. t llrlt.lnt
In the Bote s, and ihciII
taies ths process ot Teeth
lag.
BobJ oat conTr.iilort snd
overcomer sfl i lese ta
cldant to In fas la aud en!
dren.
Cures Dlarrl.c-, Hjsen
tery and sunt t i Com
plaint in children of all
ages.
Prioe
Pnee
S
Genii
Fries
Onft
It ifl the ureal iniani s mj luhuiou
gootoong Remedy tor all disorders broegbt
i... ovMrthlns or anv ot i
Peiusred by the QUel lo i MKDIClNE
K, t. uatus, JBO. r,
t-v. i ,t ra. .i. I ,i tried It'll, m
V "as""" TitTl
W ntjr
stotioe.
TTiVlNL' Deen Bpiwimu ij-luhhwi tuo
IIAVlIt Wail,.C .Iff ft I liPTAnT
Will Ol 'VUU u-B' t
noUfy all pari"' owing ..id -tat. ,o corn.
IJZ?. ehxlri. a'"l aald-es;te,sre alt
.i iu prssant ths ant ior py:t.nt. in
?Sa ftmsTor' tSsy srlU be ftirever -arre-!.
due time, or mj c. m. h akui no.
t a 1X71 no7 tn
WALKER BROS. CO 229 Mala Strtst.
RECEIVER'S SALE OF LAfeD.
BY AOTHORIT It or inc. i u -..scui
Court. of Mentpblt, TenriBt-t e, 1 IU seii,
0 Tbiraday, OacenBer 7, 1871,
commencing at ten o'clock a.m..al tht iBaal
S KKehsnge oi xtoystt r, li ezevanl A Co.,
SoiooTaaai corner of JelKrstn and Main
ItstdsMempbls, about at,0 lerea of lend,
mni in the counties of PcUas Crslghsad,
KndolDh. Ureeoi and Monroe, hi he Ktals ol
ksnaas. Some porUon of i hie land ta said
to be of suptrior twMi.ti w
suous to projtx-sd lines of raUiosd in said
StYjP valuab.e tor hoth its tlnl-er an i soli
I sm iutnorUsd by the decree of said oonrt
ts acc -pt la payment lor said lands any
valid dsb.a agaiual the Uajcio Havings J nu-tntion-
and ssld iixnus whl acootuiagly b
offered lor sals either for oash or lor such
debts aa have been hied or allowed by the
court, or valid demands again al avd lnttitu
iion. Bale will be con lnutvd from uy today
ul!,OUL MBY,Recsiv.
BRATro
Are Indorsed and prescribed by more lead.
ing Physicians than any other tonic or stim
ulant now In use. They are A SURE PRE
VENTIVE for Fever and Ague, Intermlttenta,
Biliousness, and all disorders arising from
Mlaamatlo causes. They are highly recom
mended as an an tt-dyspeptlc, and in asssa ol
Indigestion are Invaluable as an Appetixer
and itecnperai. t, and In cases of Oeueral De
bility they have never in a single In at a Tins
'slled in producing the most happy results.
They are particularly BBS SFiClAi TO PBV
MAL.EB, strengthening the body, invigorat
ing the mind, and giving tone and elasticity
to the whole system, flie HOME BITTERS
are compounded with the greatest wire, aim
no Tonic Btlmulant has ever been offered to
the public BO PLJiAsANT TO THoS TASTE,
and at the aame time combining so many
remedial agents, indorsed by tbe medical fra
ternity as the beat known to the Pharmaco
poeia. It costs little to (Its them a fair trial,
and
Every Family Should Have a Settle
We ask every one to read the following cer
tificates from many ol ths art oat eminent
physicians in the country
Sr. .Louis, July, 1S70.-J AME8 A. JACKSON
A CO.: Gentlemen As yoa have communi
cated to the medical profession the recipe of
the Home Bitters, it cannot, therefore, be
considered aa a secret or patent medicine, no
patent having been taken for it. We have
examined Ihe formula for making the "Home
Bitters," and unhesitatingly say tbe combin
ation is one of rare excellence, all the arti
cles used In its composition are ths best of
the class to which they belong, being highly
Tonic, Btlmulant, Stomachic, Carminative
and slightly Laxative. The mode of prepare
lng them Is strictly In accordance with the
rules of pharmacy. Having used them, seen
its effect in our private practice, ws take
pleasure in recommending them to all per
sons desirous of taking Bitters, as being the
best Tonic and Stimulant now offered to the
public.
L.CB. BOtHI.TBTia, M. D. F. F. POBTXB. M. D.
ALFRXD HkACOCK, M. D. C. QXB1CKX. M. D.
Cbaki McDoWkLL, M. D. C. A. Will, M. D.
J. C. Whitviild m. D. K. A. Clark, M. D
Dr. C. V. F. LTJDWta. B. O. MusBB. M. V.
W. A. WlLOOX. M. D. HCBkBT fBIXIM.
U. 8. Makikk Hospital, bt. Louis. Mo.,
Oct 8, 18711 J AS. A. JACKSON A CO.: I have
examined the formula for making the "Home
stomach Bitters," and used them in the Hos
pital for the last four months. I consider
them the most valuable tonic and stimulant
now in use. H. MELCHEK.
St. Louis, July 6, 1S70.-JAB. A. JACKSON
A CO.: Hsvlng examined the formula from
which your celebrated "Stomach Bitters" are
prepared, and having witnessed the method
ol combining the different Ingredients, wr
can safely recommend them as the heat tonic
with which we are acquainted. From the
Croat care with wnich they are compounded,
aud from the choice materials which safer
into them, ws have no doubt what thsy will
prove, as they deserve to be, the most popular
tonic and stimulant in use.
BespectfnUy, youra,
V A8TI X, M. D. T. G. COHBTOOK, M. D.
We cheerruily concur with every word con.
talced in the above testimonial.
J so. Coszxljlai), M.D. JohnHa bt a, M. h
("has. Vastikx, M. D. Jobs Tskplk, M. fi
G. 8. WALKBB M. D. K. C. FlUKILI.t.M U
CrsokjmATl, Oct. 19, 170, Messrs. W. B.
KENNEDY A CO.. Agents "Home Enteral:
Gents Agreeable lo your request, 1 have ex
am ined the formula of the Home Stomach
Bitters," and find the remedies it co.. taint
such as are In general use by the Medical
Profession. They are vary scientifically and
pleasantly combined, and as stimulating
ionics will be found especially adapted as
corroborants to ths treatment of low or de
bilitated stages of tbe system, whether arts
lng from impaired digestion or from malari
ous diseases.
Dr. J. L. Vattixbs. l. A. Javks. M. D.
R.H. WaTifx. Chemist. C. T. SlsfPtort, M. D.
W.T.TALlArxBBO,M.D. 8. t. Bos NIK, M. D.
4. J.UDIKS, M. D. C. 8. MuaCBotT, M. D,
J. ri Buck N Kit, M. D G. W. BlGLKB, M. it.
W. ii. WoujWAlij, M.D. G.A.D0UOHX01TY Jt.D
Chicaoo, Sept. 80, 1D70.-J. L. SMITH, Esq.:
We nsve examlBed the formula for the Cel
b rated Stomach Bitten," and find It ta be
oompoeed of articles that are considered the
best tonics used by the Medical Profession,
and one of the beet bitters we Ft now of new
In use. Vary reanectfnily,
H. S. BLAHS, M. D. BMcVlCAa, M. D.
I. B. Walkxi., M. D. a. A. Mt if waa.
NaajLAJt tiw M. fi.
rtr Sat ay aU Draggittt aat Grtatra
HENORIX, McNABB CO.,
lwia-t AgoJiisa. Mampbts. Tean.
NOTICE.
A Lett .tttlet it ta Owstrt sf sra satis Ij
lleretaforti Said sa the elty tar the
BTaai payssextt at Taxes.
OFFICE OF CITY TAX ClLLJDCTOR, 1
M xstPHis, October IsTL
Tbe twelve months allowed by law Ior lbs
redemption of property sold for the non pay
ment of taxes for tbe forty-second corporate
year. 1S6, will expire on the td day of No
vember. 187 L
After the 1st day of December, laTL deeda
will be taken by the city and recorded in the
office of tne Regit ter of Shelby county, for
all ths property alrnck off to the city at the
aala in November, 1870 and not redeemed at
that date.
By dirtctlon of ths Mayor, the owners o;
Sropsrty, ssM ta Imam years and not re
Seined, may redeem ths same by or before
the si day or December, 1871; after that date
deeds taaen by tbe city fbr an property sole
lit former years and not redeemed, will also
b. recorded, and action wiU be immediately
brought ts recover possession of ail the
property for wnien deed- htvs been taken.
FELLA W. ROBERTSON,
SclO nty Tax collector
No. W, B Lb the First Chancery Court ol
Shelby county, Tennessee. Louis Beiby vs
A. M. Ferguson, H. G. Dent et al.
IT appearing from affidavit la this cause
ihst the defendants to ths axaanoad and
supplemental bill filed herein, lo-wit: John
Ferguson and William Ferguson are cltlserat
ol Ohio, and non-residents of the state si
Tennessee; also, H appearing from Sherifl's
return on original process herein that Sarah
L. I rent cannot he found tn Bhelbv county;
It la therefore ordered. That tney male their
Spearance herein, at the courl-hoiiae in the
y of Memphis, Tennon or before the first
Monday tn December; 1871, and plead, answer
or demur to complainant's amended and
supplemental bill, or the same will be lakexi
for confessed as to them and set for hearing
ex parte; and that a copy of this crder be
published once a week, for four successive
weeks. In the Memphis Appeal.
A copy-attest:
EDMUND A. COLJCClerk and Master.
By K. J. Black, D. O. actt M.
Vanes at Anderson, sola, for com. ocHwed
FOR SALE.
V VALUABI.K TRACT OF LAUD O0N-
V lain Ins 670 acree 400 cleared, being ail
freab and rlcb. There are on this laud, a
frame bonae. with four rooms, and all Decen
nary plantation bolldlnga. with a good sup
ply of fine water and a superb range for
Wck. T:.is land lim &S mlltttwest oj Nen
blt's Btaviou, on M. ana T. ft K., and twenty
Torn Mempbia- booaUon beaitby knd fene
mte good. Will be sold In a body, or divided
to suit purchaser. Terms any for purchas
ers, Autlreett the andeuagned. at Uernando,
Hlwn. (no') J AH. M TAiT.
NON-RESIDENT NOTICE.
No. aual. O.R. In ths First Chan eery Oonrt
of Shelby county, Tennessee. Satia Wea
ver vs. William H. Bland et si.
IT appearing from an order of Court la this
cause that James May, the purchaser of
iota 7, sand B. lorxoerly sold herein, has de
parted this Ufa; thatSarah J. fielder (form
erly May i and Michael 8. Fielder (her Hus
band) and Cynthia M. May, widow of said
decedent, residents of Oxford. Mlmissinni
Mary G. Fu trail (formerly May) and her nus-
oanu AAirect s Qireu anu joun r. stay, are
residents of i f whom are the
widow and heirs o; said decedent, and non
residents of the btate of Tennessee:
It is therefore ordered, Tnat thsy make
MSSt Wt,l ItlSl Ut Mli. m mi. www"
in the city of Memphis, Teen,, on or before
the first Monday ia January, 1874, and ahasy
cacse. If any they have, why this said suit
should not be revived, and irtdgmenA sift,
rendered agaliut tbs a, or the same wUl be
nesafld iprcnaedsd with axparu: snd that
a ooavof this order ha published ones a
weak, for four successive wetias, iu uieasm
pblsAppsai. SovanxberllLlWL
A 7ukDfiflA. COLJS, Clerk and Master.
hv R. J. Black. Deputy O. AM.
Logwood A Mloou, Hols, for OomplX nil sat
i New Remedies Quick Cures
DR. H. DeCARL'S
jl sxsaa jl tv g
No 201 MAIH 8TREET,
ii Fn wekn wsaiNvrrcr4 ajkd ajjams
Miuipuis, ienn ur. 10 i jar
formerly of 840 stain street, Buffalo, N. T.,
aptanallat Is ths trsatraeutof ayohllts sac!
ail diseases of the genital organs of mars or
fstaaia. la permanently Tiita at No. Ju
stain strset. wempus, genu.
Farts are Fact.. Good payalana aekn owl
edge hoi stLperiui skill and uuxtraosdesleti
sTtccsts. and lent! honeiest tasaatohlm. p.
tlents stUTenng from skin disease. d.Feate
of the h-met. various forms of cachexia and
those snomalout and complictted casts of
old atABdlng, wQsre the otrj"tltt'.ou b-
satrerad
long
rl-
from protracted
treatment, snsnid not deans! but call on
Or. DeCari, and r-e subletted to a aoartts of
h.s ruml-zailng vapor ttslhs, in e Ureuctlo:
with internal irealaiso.1 by exlrastaof Txop
(oal Batks, UooLa sod Lsaves, which grew
within 2Siegreesol the equator, and nearly
uiiuor vurtlt .1 sua.
Ta i Us tasUea The varl m comnHcr ted
and di-tremlhg diseases mrt-fsat to rsmalsa,
treated wfto eminent success. Buh as -uti-P
essi'.aH, irregularities, Whites Fstlmg of
we wuuia. luraurt, iu tnnsrv loisosses.
Nervous Debility, i-alnui! sa lilfn-.ull Msa-
Btraatton, Barrenness, etc.. etc, will be
tpeedUy cured, wllhoul poistinous drngs, tn
'nrlous or unpalatable madictnsof any klad
Have no delicacy in caLlng, no uir-. et.t
what your liaublra mar he. Ihe sfflicied
are cordially Invited to call and aaiisfy
Lhexaselvea.
liiaxxsxB :-That Dr. DeCari pubiiahes no
cortlflcaiea lo dupe the unwary, nor makes
;aow re resehtatl ot 10 gull tbe unfortunate,
bnt that all be tayt will he faiihfuLy cai
rtsd aark
sar Ail letters aiswored promptly and
medicines rare fully packed snj aaaisd. free
from observation, 'orwarded by express lo
every part of the clvLlaed word.
as- omof mi ato r.reet up rtaira, M-m-pnu.ivnn.
l-oaf ililos box lis. OfBcshnnrs
nrom gj a.m. to as p m. nal
HOPE HALL INSTITUTE,
A SCHOOL FOB GIRLS AJTD BOT8, PROF.
J. T. TOoF. InscpiL has be n ri.
moved to No. lis Mabshall Avxacx, whers
tow atutt sessiou will
Bafiatka First Maaday la
1371.
Spacious grounds (nearly three aereai. rood
tiiur, ooxuiortaoia sea ool-rooms, supplied
bstaatlaa grove, arc faa.ures whieh maks the
tooatioa oo. n hea miui ana aesuaoie.
The PrlhttiDal pledses his eatlra enemies
.w
tt, lu. wtvi u. aa vaulting pupils ssBBjaxajaa t'
his care.
Discipline and thorouchnem the two lead
lng cbaractensUos of thesehooL
nererecoea: axsuor j. j. unsay, xtajor W.
D. Beam, David WsJk, H. A. Llttieton, Dr. D.
Uo irr,n H. Toof ivarr
CHANCERY SALE
OF
JR-oH-AIa aDSTATB
Saturday, Kovembr 25th, (871,
Taeaday, Kov.oibaf 28ib, 1871.
Ko. 509 H. D. 8c ind Chaneerr Court ot
!naiuy coantyMary A. FlaJd, adrnXttc.,
v (.'bar tfl tj. Kis.4t nd otners.
BY virtue and in purannnce to the direc
tions oi a ae -reeof Ihe tieoond Cuaiicr v
Oonrt oi auelby comntT. maue In the above
oaoMon io-n cctobar, :7i, l wiil.oa
Saturday, Novembsr 25ib, 1871.
:n fronl of lay office. !n tbe cllj or Memphis,
fK-twuju l' m.tu i;id ui. kll io tte hieiir-kit
and best hldder, at uotic aaeUoa the Hoi-
luwifli uegc.i&ca irno.s oi una. lo-wi:
Atu'-e iu azL:os cu.;.. r. icuries
see.a J la dtaacrxt-ed a- ro I.ws: VrozlLx on
theo.d jsatlsHSh roaii, aV-ut four mUen from
Court ifnaare. MemDh!6: be -Innlnsi at siast)
od Hollywood aTenne, fanning west on
n .ieigo iMftQK rosn tjig :iasids alia ixa
ri) link.; khenee north M chains SI InUt to
tbe Kenphls and Ohio railroad; thence east-
warair .iDms cu:Dh r -iK';tv-;onr iinkt
to Hollywood avena. aud thence tvath 'M
lot chains lo the beicmlaE. i mUmiuf
yi-lOU acres of lanJ.
Ihe above in situated nbont a half mile
from taprindalestB.ttnn.ontheMempbln and
itsOiUHTuie rai roau. oeiBs: tne nometoau oi
the late l r haa. G lel8,hiw an elesjaci res
idence and yovi cnthonaes, aboui tnacrA of
ooa anu. oi,n" cieareu ana ji ttt ae-
slrab e p!ao. Title pe
i wuiaieo ne i, to me nignea. oiooer, a.
public Fuel ion. at tne depot a. Moscow. Kay
ete eouBty, Tenneaae, c-n
Tuesday, November 28th, $37.
between the hours of ilam and 13m.. the
foUowut decribvd real estaie: A tract ct
ltscdaltaate in ti.e couut of Fayette, mate
of f ennetv-eo, beiuc the north end or a tract
of acre vtvrne j by Will s i Vrstns, befinn
in at m slake ia Wm. Davecpof t' west Una.
aid Persou'4 northeast eorner, and running
thenee north i to a slake, with znui-
oerry p.-'ini-erN, i. urt-wster s eoiQeaKi cor
ner; therce wn with brtwner's line 1IA
poles to a stake and whlta oak pointer;
i hence sncth tPkM poles ro a stake with sum
pointer; thenceaat 120 piM to the eetjinc
lng, cjuLaiixiiii i one naudxod and thirty
acres.
taid last above deacT.be.i tract lies abent
three mi.e from Meow. In KaJi county
si j tract has t-utrween fllty and sixty acres of
'beared land, baiaxrep moat exce'lent tira
bored i and. Title perfect.
Terras of 8-1 -')uf-tiirrd eab. IrataTic-? in
two eq.na! payments at one and twfyeam
rrom uate or aHie. secured bv notes ocri
interest at tho rate ot ten per c nt from date,
and a l.en retained on the land to eeure the
deterred payments.
ja.iJ.ij hi r. w a tvi tierk ana flf saver.
This November t, l"7l.
La. O. Rivet, sol. tor cO-nptX riot's
GOMMiSSIONER'S
(SALE.
So. 139, Vtiuity LtoeAet. In the Circuit Court
of the tailed 3Tle or the District of west
Tencessee. J. J. Wblte va. Jaiiaiea Q. KmV$
and J. M. Wovdward.
IN putsuacoe of a Wre rendered In the
abore styled cusb, on the 2d day of De
cember, 170, I will, as Comm isai itn er ap
pointed, c. the Court.
an tha 28th 8ay of kevambar, 1871,
At noon In front of the court room of the
Circuit Court of tbe tnlted suites, for the
D strict o- Weat Tenaaee. in tha city ai
Meinphls, sell, o the hffhtwt bidder, the io -lowing
dtjeTtb-si stropero tO'Wlt:
A eei tain tract, pteee or parcel of land, sit
UwtAlyUg Mi.t t-u ta Kieeouaty ot 1
on, Htftte of Teunesaee, on the waters of tne
tUisosMippl river witii met-s ana bounds as
ImlOwra towlt: BoKlQLlng ..t a point on ths
Hlaslvlppi river. Palmer a norbea-t corner:
Uiaitoe sualh wiltb raaiuer'a line SUA poles to
a stake; thence call poles to a stake;
(.hence north poles to a tree on the bank
of the afsitS. saippl river; thenee in, a wtst
waxdly direction trlth tbe nSeanfiers cf the
MlWsSJj1pi1 river Dj the point or beJnniEg;
oelut; the aaaae tract conveyed bv W JUau
Coward to James O. Kills, and1 described In
aaid dead of conveyance an ean ra iling, by
e-tsmauon. tiy-turee acres; togtiOitr
with the en'tnti, boi.ers aud all other Ux
lures and appaxatna ana tainas lying and
being sltuatt-d on said iractoi land, alia -ued
in the dialillatlon of splrltons liquors, and
descrlbt-d as follows to-wit: Two doubltvfiue
aoiiers, twenty teat ioa, ior;y iochss dxaae
Utr. ar ale bars, etc; oaa euans, ten-inoa
SUnoer, twenty teet stroke, wlta everjthing
xoake It conaptcrte; one znatn shaft fly
wheel and pQi.ey.-, and all other shar.mx
about tha mill and distil lery; one pair thirty
ix -la oh atootas, 'or st Lading wlih sjearing.
celling, etc.; one iusau tab; one worm luo
and worm; OLe ooi t vaWr tub; one ugh
wine tub; ens low-win? tab; six bear
tube; one under or beer sir k two receiv
ing tuba or cUlerns; two yeiat tubs; four
yeast cans; draw and faros snd high and
aOW wine pumps: pia-worm and beam
scales, and all the pipes, valves, cocks, belt
ing aaad auottt te auaiiusrx piasxsmita
and carpente-" and other tools and instru-LoenLr-
abjut the pi ins I sm
Said properly wilt ne scidon a credit of tlx
months the purchaser to give note, with ap
proved personal security, bearing in (war sat
rrom dale, for the purchase moneys, and a
Uext retained on ths prorwty as additional
security fox the payment ol taw purchase
money. aa
The equity ol rsdexaptlon is baxred; ana
the purchaser will be placed in possession
on the confirma-lon of the sale by the Court,
ti. vLAY KU.eiijeelaliJon
Memphis, ASovtsmber 7, 1.-"!. noJ tda
Public fate of Valuable Land.
I WILL sell for airs, al a-garat Phillips, on
the premises.
Taesttaw, Movssatsr ittttJa. ltrra.
A tract of land containing ansa hundred
and eighty-six Bcr-B.ntng in the 1st District
si Bheiby aid tin District of Trproa corsTT,
snd sltaated rivx stihXH sobthwksi or uaj.
lowav's Statiow, on the Memphis and Ohio
hAUroad. it la one ol the beat tracts of land
ui Shelby county, and has been suhdlviued
Into smalt farms, of from one hundred and
tweoly-dve to ons hbndred and forty aeres
each, giving cleared land and limber to each
subdivide.
TJtBxtt or Sau -One-fc.nrtli sash; fatslanse
on a credit of one, two snd three ye t,, with
six peroenV tale rest; deed of trust taken to
secure purchase money and interest. Mr.
Ueary Aarou who reside, upon tht) place,
wl tl ahow the land to any one who may wit n
to examine It be lore tuft day or sale. I ask
tne attention of patiee desiring to purchase
small farms to tee above opportunities to
purchase such Una land In small lair, and
upon such easy terms are seldom offered.
The mmraJ land can all be cultivated, (or
year '7J, bMng under rlrs'-rate recce.
At tha same time and- place (he personal
property of John U. xswoait, deceased, will
be sold, consisting uf hnse, males, cattle,
farming utensils, eta, terms for which will
be mads known on day ot sale
aot JOHN OVKBTOJ. JR.
Chancery Salsof Real Estate.
Ui1" "-Flrstf.'r ..oery Court of Bheiby
ooootf. Brsmnam ilerr: 1 vs K.B DeBarre
B?f.'i.?!i.n.Jnlelocatarr daeree for
I.. 'n!,e""nt.e-overHn e, Dsessahsr
19, I 0. aad ranesrsd July 10 IrOL I will .el
st puolie sucuou. t ths tugnesi oid'der u
block Shroud .treei. baiow Union in lha
oly ol stem pots, Turn., on
Tuesday, Oecemb&r 5, 1871.
within lecaf boors, s!l the rtgiir, t.tls and
luteres: o j i. Sevarsso. In and to tn n -lowing
du-cribe-l property, io-wit: A cert, n
lot or psreel of ground, BitSf) and lying n
.7 DlAttltlJ
South Memphis, ana bounded aa follow.
Henl nnlii. ul tn. ..,.tti...i
'orrhtrlT owned ,ty Warn tyt
itreet, in said city, and tnez.c9 south warily
stake: thenee eastward! j- and parallel witn
y1"1 re't's tits ism, to a stake lou taat
from He'daudo street; theaes northward y,
Kralisi wita Uerii.cdu sire- 4) feet, to Van
Is st. lit ip.. I .k 1
.ie .till I.
Pel. s line westw.rdiy to the beginning: u
being a ira.toi tMS. s. in block tv aides
lgnauai la las slau w ttou n Memphis,
wulcn was bought by Bxesaxaaaa MeirlLTt
Wniism L. Van'se.at per detd uf tid Vsaco
lotsfd Merrill, ualsd N.;veoit,er :s ,s 1 and
resttttsrtd In ihe Ketfte'Ar's ufnee oi is- eiby
u"oiv, irh.tetatrs, ooos Jt, iarl i ii.c5;i;
cd its oa lhstth aty or August, .-."A.
OLtM'JN i A. cOLB, Clsrk sad Maatsr.
wllsoaA mard. ailwrnsyA aoottis
TRUSTEE'S SALE,
BY virtue of tha authority In me vested by
decree of lha First ChAncery Court of
ihelby cnuiity. Tenn., rendered ,n the cause
if W S tt.sti.n t. V
u it uiti utur.it,
No. HO, N. K l., such de ree tarjst'.tuUng me
luuivwiuiiatuui nut t lit.
deceassd trusts. In a deed ot trust Bas
ed by James Young and wile. n tha lata
p ol lanuary, 1851, to said Potion, upon
ti.ti.ei utiwriuti, anu ti vir
tue of. Uis authority so vested In me as sfore-
t Mil. in
Saturday, Uecambar 2, 1871,
within legal hours, in front of ths Hherlff'.
offlcn. in ihe city of Memphis, Tenn., on lbs
w--t tide ofcecoud ttreet, between Dnloa
and (Jtyot i streets, and In front ot theaonb
portion of tbe fireenlaw Upera Monte pr,i
ceed tose'l, for cash, to tbe highest snd best
bidder, the following reai malt, or so mn-o
thereol as liity be neosasary to satisfy the
amount seemed by the trust. The properif
to. lh ShelhV cocntv. Tenit and 1m rhn. ,1.
scrihed: lhv front taxtat, containing I 4o-iu0
..t tK.ii, i.c Huim tuatt was conveyed
to lh said J ituea ir.ung by waalsv Biaae
more, by deed dated th Tsornary, reg
istered in ths htttinsr'. odes ul one hy
county. In book 23, pp arj7-S, anl desc-ibed at
follows: Beginulnaatsawast zn:n lucnaln.
and 40 links Miuth cf Brauah.w 'aassatfe line of
a 4 o acre tract and ua tbe Uo between said
J. Voting and a. li. B akemoie; tnenee west,
ctcetxlBC tsue creek. 4 chai.a: theiimi mnih
a chains and 3u links to a sweet gum thence
smi t tt.. .i- tt a. u. sitxtme e a south west
cornor; thence aorta 24 chainaanduU links
wrth A. u. Blskemote s west line to .he be
glnnlrg. A!-o so much o: tae following de
scribed properly as bsd aot been sold or
mtir gaged io others pi lor to Janutry Is, ISbi,
and isiuamcl tne propsrtyoi James Young
and t is wife on that dy. The description 9
mo who e iract it as ion ws, con-aining
atoct 140 acres, and being a part of a tra. t
origlnahy lu the nams of James deawelr:
lies Bxtrnt: .1 oe htrtnw-st t- imr t.r i
oi ighuai liactat a ttate north deg. eea, t at
tl Dixks fro-o a white oak marked w. p.
uiaaoe easi pasting an elm ai hi ctaina and t
Ud.il hue .oalucisl corner of J Raoomv'.
owui sure graul, in ail 90 chains, to a stake of
.mtviuu.itt. gum anu ot.ee oaa point,
ere; thence ruuth, crossing cane creek at i
chains and i links, in ali la chains and 4J
links, to a sweel gum; thence west 4 cbai a.
to a stake; thtuce south, crossing said creek
atXcuains, La ailfl caaina ana Stt links, to a
swoetrrnm; thence east 1 chains to a stake
and dogwood; tosace south a cnains and is
i'liat to a s'tte and b ack gum marked L
thence wfs: i,t chaihs to. .'.le: hence north
4 chains and 7 hnks to the bsginnlng, lo
wuicu uBtu oi trust anu tae i nance ry .iu r I
record rererence Is here m. io 'or ure.ter er-
taicty 1 Hies believe i w be r"oa. but I will
sail and oenvey ooly as true tne. xAiuityul
;o-eui.l.yu L'trreu.
a.'. i'3 j wmuHi,
Bheilfl of Bheiby ncutily and irastea,
BuaEa A PT.H, tsiioruaya.
xtftsi
NOTICE.
We detird to dire) pub ic attee-
ioo to ire a:tstx3d acvrtishaetit
of Mr. Uonegin,cn y aaamg mat we
regard b$ property as being of a
Vd.ue that cannai well ba ovcrcstt-mateo.
MYTPtTSZVANT CO.
Valuable Cttton Plantatioo.
OKKSR foraaie.near Mound City, In Crit-
lt"n'ifn r-n rt V .rantaa a t rt-t nf Itanal
oaiaiulng noarfy 11:4) acres of rich, alio v..
ttuu 'mm 'j to acres in cuitivaiton and
abova any overfl !V, bs.dtscTsr aooacraso
dfswdeuing Tills vaiuxMe tract rurokahes :0uu
ftcrw or more oi tuaole land, all of whlctt
c- a no pu; IncuHlvailon at a m-ideraie out
iay or c ipttai, ms eg ov-r a la -usand acre
larm. ol uiitoalt-d vale in this vlctniiy.
iuii LiiAiLt'ilua 14 diaLaanLaaaonL ctlifhi m::i
iron- sVieiupbls halt by water to Mound City,
the ball. nee by iMge road ana is known as
tbe "Uouegbirj., or IstxtUanti place, and with the
exception o. two bui.dra. vards of lnelna. it
suf rounded by Marion amd rsaaver liu
ex wLlcxi iiaaord eutlro i-.-otectton tt tht.
farm from a'ock of every kind.
metre re r.o hiih niuws on ma ;arm. tbe
eutlre ifrar-d land attlnax on tue rtche.; black
allnviiiai, prriuudng s mucu cotton or corn
to tha acre as any land in this latitude.
xnrse i-in-jit a.- w-t rr -in one to
one and a quarter oa ten io tne acre.
iai'1 iiioa to tuis :arm as a cotuin planta
(ion. there -re now upon tt oetweeo J'Ju and
ITU bed of ba!l-tckt. latteninz upon tne an
cleared ponion ot tna pistne, and the corn
uow c;o ti Ul-on ice ru.-i;a-er rtn
buyailiiae mules aud o:bor s'ook. to:et:er
with wagons and plantation utensils, at valuation.
Tbeowwer N determine! to nell. rrom tha
fauL tb.t the uiantaLiOLi reuui-es morftof hlu
time than be can spare to its successful man
MBBBJSXSX.
ar ieeraaE7 xiei2ceo cpscrip'ion or ins
proper it iinn c cassis ry, as the Talue of the
plantation ts too wall known to require it.
tips aos riiig to exaui.ne or to parcx-ase
piantatv; usm pp!y to M sura Hoyster
cijvant Co.. my sjsjsxsax, al Mempnx ti
to me at ttnnTavtUe, Alabama.
J. 1. LHjy foLrrVr..
If not aMd before the nrai Monday !n
:mb?T next, privately, i. will be sold on
thxL .lay rt r ub'.'c sato, at the --eaj Cuats Kz
1'na.ne a; i-x't. Irtxef&nt tt Co., o. -.u
Mai treet al 12 o'clock, where maps of tbe
lat,u can be atsn u j lermi made known at
auj tune.
Noa-Recldent Notiee.
No. 4i. lh the Second Chaheery Court of
aneioy oonnty, xsnxtaxaee. itieoiss ntnawr
varutt SB. The Alorlh Ajneiican Fire lusur
ranoe Company of dew York et aL
1T appearing bora bill which is sworn tola
this cause that the defendant. The
North American Fire ins. co..of f. Y.. la
justly fndwfated ts the orapltsaaat la the
tnm of shout 1700, da. lor damages sustained
on his hoosa as ressou S4- ttrw, eta, and that
it la a non-rBidsat ot t tie atsta a Tssmaajy
and is removing, or shout to rtsstv, Has
bonds on dep. sit with tee ntale ComptroUer
and ethsr stawta belonging lo it and that
tor thsss eoosea an altarhmaat waasasdoat
of his Court against ihe pro party oi de
fendant, and the aame wts issued, and haa
been return, ay ths Mherm dnly IwrtSd an
the property of defendant, lit North Axaatl
canFirSlns.Oo.oI Mew i?ork:
It is therefore ordered by ths Clark and
Master. That said defendant make It ao-
marr-f- nereis, at tha Ctxortboasa of
the Second ibancery ijoort In tax elty
of Memphis, Tenn., on or before the first
Monday tn January. 174, and plead, aa
swer or demur to com plaraaava atlL a
the tame will ba taken far it in ft bis a as
said defendant and set Icr bearing xwrte,
and that a copy n this order he published
onee a week, for four turn: waive weeks, m
the Memphis Appeal. This (Novembers, la.1.
A 'liLarw-AlWr.Usrk and Master
Q. 1 u m i Tlanntv O. and M.
Mum sa A Pottos, Sola, lor eamplt. notthu
Chancery Sa e of Real Estate
OH
MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1871.
Wo. S 85 In the Scc-inJ Chancery Court of
Kb-albv county, Tennessee.- Harriet J. Roys
ter, auministrtctrlx, va. a. Hoys ter et al.
By virtue of an order of -ale m&de tn this
caua j. i tv;:. -i... at DUbli.- auction, to the
liiahebs bidder, lu front of the offlos of the
Aetrtnd Chancery Court, in tne city of Mem-
pnta, xecneasee, oa
Monday, Cecembsr 4, 1871,
wlthla lsgal hoars, the fallowing described
reel estate, to-wit:
The undivided naif or tot ao. o being on
inland in Ihe Mississippi riter beginning
si a cottonwood on tne bank of the river
seaside of '.he islsnd, markedA, on Plnnel's
south boondaiy line; thenee sast 32 chains
tosstaks and elm maraes o: uience norm
Ba sxSXSSS and seventy- ove (-5) links to an
ash marked D oa Mitchell's west boundary
11ns; thence aoslii witn hia Uns oi ouains
and oj links lo aa ash marked JL, ta asotv-
ock't nnr'b tine; thence west with his 11 e
107 chains ro a cottonw. od marked r, in ins
bank ui the river: these, north UP west 7
chslns: thence notih 5' west 10 chains and
ay Muss to the banning containing ton
acres.
Taxxs or sals lono-tnird cssn balance in
tlx and twelve atohtue; purcna-er executing
notes tilth security lien r.lained to secure
pnrrhase money. qulty ol redemption
barred. XhisHovernber 1, :a7i,
M. D. L- STEW ABT, Clerk and Master.
Logwood A Mleoa, "ollcllors. nollth
STxsHPtaia UO UTTf.E BOCat BAIL'
BOAD PISE BLll'f JSBAJICH.
SUIICK TO CsrNTBACrJKa.
B1D9 wTI't he received by this Company, at
their office In LIUle Rock, Ark., for tc
days, for ouiiclng the PINK BLCPP
BKsJfUH, from Serall's Biufl to Pine Blcfl,
Arlu, a distance of a boa. 50 miles. Ine work
to coastal o.' grading, bridging and furnish
ing crcagtles, a parly ul engineers are now
in ttet s-lf Tocatmg said ilue, and profile,
speciflcatloua, etc., writ be ready for exam
ination at earUesi day possible.
Bids should be sd dressed to the under
lgned. at hittla Botox, Ark.; the Company
reserving 11 rUfbt to reject any or ali bids.
By order of the President.
A a. 1.1VKRMJRE,
Osnsrai superlnlsnuenL
Oetokyjaala. Uf". oc36
l
JOtJ OllUt).
State of Ts nesaee. 1
Uoantyor Bheiby, I
oruinai tuu imenf saving been sasd
tV out un affidavit made and bond given, as
in such cases provided, by law. by 8 Ham
montree and against the estate of C. c. Bale,
as s non resident of lbs State oi Tsnseaat
snd a cltiaen of ArksnKas: and aaid attach
ment havlug bsan levlett by garnishment
snd return d by thepropeToflleer;
tl is theratois eidered, Thai i U. Hale do
make his appearance before mt, T. L. Ulles,
laaticeo: Peace, on r-amrdaj-. the IMh of
.November. 1171, at 10 o'clock a.m to plead
or answer lo aaid attachment; and It is ur
ther ordered that this order be published
in the Mem phis Apfxju, once a wee k for four
successive week. This 16th of October, urn,
oclswed THOU. L. t4ILftn.J P.
A BOOK FOR THE MIUMW.
II ARRI A6 i HXiaalsDhtoieSwi u t
GUIDE.
on thephyslologl
isnaa and r.veia-
bb xektxrv.
tlosa of the sexual ajataax. witn
.nrlrservrllhS
?&ir2Tare nxarrted or eoatsxaplata
iT.rvlaa?- lSSl?U foooTthatcat toba
arkusd key, and not laid aaraliaaaK
(Sit ttT anj an (free of poataars) for at c
mi y ,w
lAlnai DT. SOHI xiiaiiwaaary, iso.
BMitk street, oa. "?ww
U S.
g,f applying to ths notorious Qcacxx
no
era
UT. JOUtfcas 'Tat 1 1 uv OtlsllMI I ttafa a t bbssji mm, tti txtt I J ajar arw
naaJU. on tbe rlliossne mentioned In his wore
Office No. UN. aUathsUsst, bsC Mark Han
Wa:nut,iv A-rtua, Mn. sx9 daw