r TIllllTY-NiNfiTYItAR, NEW YORK, SATuYdAY. NO VE M BER 11 1 87 1 PRIHR TWO f.RN I
AN UritlSlNG IN BROOKLYN.
A Tlir,Mt:XtKK!S ItKltVHIl TO Till!
1'AlilY OF VOHUVVTIUX.
Ilenrat Mm of all I'nrlle I'lilllnf to Fre.
cnn llir Isilrarliy ol Hid llnllnt-Tex.
I'lirni. Amused In list- Itohbrrlre or llir
Ulna -A 1'iiiHillnoilK llrmtmd lor llir E.
PiiUlou lit Knn fin Inn Oilier A New
(lunrlrr Inr Ihn lly ol Churches
Hit? ctpacilv tf Hi; llrookljn AcsuVny of
Muilc we ntvtr le'or to severe y tilled is last
ni;hl, the occasion belnt Hit popal.tr uprising
union ll;o M'Laughlin King at,d lln fraudulent
e'ectlon of ll'l Tutldar. Notwithstanding ll.it the
alghl pllcbr dirk, and the riln Itll la torrenli,
sverylnch ol aval 'able spneo irltlilo tin building,
ftoia Ihe fr of t slajo lo tlio main entrance
laors, "md .'roni tho main floor tbrooih Ibe scleral
Cilleries bp lo t b vsry idling, ti O'.euoled, while
(Hi) aa t nioie, utlitly nnable lo get wttljln
ioor, wire rompelled by the tevetlty olthe t orn
w.thool (o but a retreat to their homes rither thin
hell m tptn-ilr meeting under men dampening clr
oumUsnee. It most be trmcmbered, too, that tula
fc vest se'Oiil'Isgewii brought together wllhont Ibt
axiit areeesoiles of extensive advertisiug, bill
W pwtier, rr oil er machine trrantementt. There
w i.o lur.elc to attract Iho multitude, while Ibe de
lermlea'ion lo fold the meeting had only bien re.
Jrs.l upon on the rrevlons day. The resnll it-owi
t ir Iremet.d .on fan e wl h which the tide of popu
lar Indignation ha net In araloat the King that baa
i snilae'nnsly issiimed to control tbe political
a 1 tt ol llioiklyu and tiUollih a rerliaJ Tim
oi i' oligarchy In that city.
mi. n i to mi ritoKT.
Anions the very great number of notable cttliena
otitic ii)n that occupied the stage at the opining
-viw ttieews'fre Uaj 01 Kxrenirtmr,' WKry'i?"
Hotter., tol I.D. Thorpe, Oen. Nelson J Hhsuer
rain, Mtjnr Gen. Henry W. Slocum, John J. SluJ
well. W. W. ti'odrl:h, Dr. Otorge I, Dennett, Jotn
Ii. Uaieliall, Clsylon Furbnah, J. Waller Stoop,
Henry C, limn, ex-Mayor K. A. Lambert. Bamnsl
UcL. Supervisor Harrlman, II, Farrlngton,
Oliver 0 Caller, A, E. Ooodenow, Dwlgbt John
e a, U. Chittenden, Gen, Jouidm, Jottpb J.
Oo'Ch, Indie Terny, K. L. Handeraon, Judge A. II,
Iley, C, W. OoJarl, John F, Henry, Jolin .Mae
eiarmnl, MU 11. Dotcher, EJmund Dr'ggt, Judge
Mcl'B. and hundredao olhara equally well known,
la Iki the etage waa pacttd qui'.e ai clotely an the
tir 01 the but, etandlng room eren In the ilea
being held at a pr micm.
U.M ovi KtcartioM or Tin noNEr old dcicu
has. The Immenae entherirt wa cilled to or.l"'
friimntu it p -Vtck. b l!n II u V. V. (lu ..In. ii.
jtobri llrilnd-d 10 the 'a-1 mat the JH?p hail
flaroted luucii "Trii apace ti IMl iIm'j liiue lo rca
eoua wuy tlayor Ki bflench ahi u'.d not preillent
l'i 11 ellti, II tlioujat it was a aafe role to (cl
lw, that adoi. e.l by Ink rmtneul General, to Ond
a Jt drat pmnelf w ait yur enemy wjnta you to do
id tSen tin' do it l.:inihtrr j In Hill cue the
leray.teeraed 0 pcrd to llnjnr K.lblleiicli'a ri
tiding at tliia meetinri the Com litre had tl e e
lore reeolrei to !Te It 10 the im'i ol the meetinc
vlielher be rbould prril le ur nol, Immerae np
plaue, cbeert, and anouta lor ILluRic i."J
I I'cndin; the uproar of enthuiiiiin t e ik.i.iI".
ton of the M .or er k d, the honei old Du'-lira
in netted to the frout of the 1 latfurm. 1.1- u
pernce Intruelfylnz the poiu'ar maiiifralatlou 01
r rllallly lor tilm. In the nil.ltt ol the thun ler ol
e.plaoae aud chrtre, alirrbinlnc and amlllng 1 1
1 lUi.o-lon, he proceeded dellbernlely to reiroTc
Me orerroal j then the alorsi coMlnulns, he took
oi,aundry memoranda from hla pr.ckela and erread
t leu ui tbe atand teloro him; then uouriJ uui
aaa an tic 1 t'nse orwaler, aud dually itoed wull
lit lor tl.c a. ihujf 10 c.kp. WLcu qm-t wa .1
lenrth rwi.vrJ be opened aa lollowt
lrWw 1 iTKe
Dt m (k,' no lurther on that atari beciuae o( a
feMedoutbr.., ""Oen-1! linpoealWe lor
b m te 1 rxreed. Ate. "lltl,ir "wUlf
a..na(ut lUHf.aed tbe U1"' w" ftiaMti to
Keel.
r rrroH or trk boxist olh hi Tf
Ithab)iu 1. 4td, lur ilila cordial ,.r?tiii.
I hfg. tli 11 y on u .11 n.a kid mt with your k ndin
Apptaiire Tl i la k rety tuonientnu cl
t.uu. i no i-itclioii Iranc.iae la nbuul tu
b ureatti Irum u. Il la alle.el that
tal euormoaa and CTim frJiid hare been
t .tniitUUJ in tbe Luiiiluci oT Ihe recent tlecilon.
Mr ire arLeo, i.u.' do 0 know that eucn trauda
hiea Imen lonun.t'cd I will lil lou llvcun.p-r
la: ihe rctuin o. ttn eit.t.01. nitn Ili0"u o loruvr
e.ectiona Hf knuir that 1'iere la aunict .tug tov
ejiotw.irie. litilUu.r It it our duty, ami ihr
duly ol i-rery ood rlMz-n lo look Into lhee mf
t?n and aee v i.cia the Himi; Tiiat I wnat t
are rataerrd h' Te ti n.jlu lor. 1 I are bi-en tu. I
I .at 1 am In reo-pany wnn Trncey nun Dn.ci ti. I
woiihi l.e in ri'H 1 anv with Kmil.i I r ti. Inn''v
dielia'llo ree Juit re and rul.t ni.ili.lain.'.l i
p:ju(. No taal'ir nli.i I am In compan I
an 111 couiti.u? with all iho dt lUiit and J.-- ir to
vei lie il.ht nevll. lAp. Iiu'o.) Now
auoDT Tin rioi'Ria.
I learned to lUme ac.or.111u 10 Uaholl. and 1'
t ear .eiiilrmeii hi I cnuie ami ii iIomu with tue I
will fliiun Itieiu heurej thai they can't grt around
I ptl.tti!e) rJher air tjat wu nave only ctrcuut
a.iiitlal evidence that any liaud hre been commit
Ui'l. M inr men lure becu hung oy ctrcuiueun ul
t.njiJJ!jU J;UVAiJ.'Ma-aonnj'lggP.JlJL.
wrii.ve ol Ilieaa mi. Ihaie la prool tnoush
hie to nn: all fie roeuce lor whom we can bnd
r .tpplaii and lauKhter Tula counting bmi
u i- i 1 a vol tblu i to me. I.jui.imr 1 lluvr
bd aoma expirienci In It. ItrncHed ln:.il I
I 1 i.aj i,u. nuen wide aw.iko if I had uol horn 1
Hue too cunning for theae fellowa Miev mint
t.re auuu.ed ma out lu IStiT. They act me up tl c
jl lo knock uie do in, but the people I111I to
aiuvl. re-p. ct f t a to permit It lube dune. u.
ti eeimn: alter Hut election I entaged a cre'ul,
ire d nun to teuiain at heailq.iariera anil re.io
I 'lui.in- t. ay r 1 e in but I iiutuoe l nlin
at in iimu 11 e II. urea too bt;, aa that would beat
u I. ntliKr
1 lu.ii hi that if I nad lo or three majority to
i it noun a hve or all uundrrd. He looiod up
tu returna and ai.ntunce.l that I ban 7U0 ni.ijorliy.
en iu ls r 1 lud aevcial ll.oimnd 'Jh; nrit
lulling, aa I i.aa nmai.u 1I0 mi the atiert. I waa
Nil 11 11 1 1.1 rliud Ariineald Ilha-, ol ti e Wver
Ho. 1 1 I u-e-J, ivaa ek-cied. I dl u'l aay ..uyij.i.i.',
a 1 e ,,.i 1 i-ejveiuj tt.it
liur nan wtua a mistjeh.
B. pi 0 tmg t 1 J j ol. cled bj on j vit 1, m
l.t I mte.ed ibe returoa aoaa to in.e 0 no .1
aiy e 1 i! o 11 to Blln, thin IIIU tl.uel.y to
n-ciilui.lv Itlj majority Now. nad liny known
r 11. jtr l il.- ttuuld have laaen more iff
I a .u I ....in i i.an- '.et-i. couutoi out. Aa II y
ii. ic 1 uir m Jorlty a trill and lu.aatill
il o e 3l).Hole (Apf.lin-e 1
"iv, 11 y .i.i,ili. tin. I, an win.ig II 1 ra.IIC4.ly
W'on. ii,.- er I haa siumi to be mch a Id nion-
r I at t c moiKiar luuat b killed. L. t in 1 ok
l 1. 1 A u'ta 01 H e reicnl le t on. In the I tr t
I'-'int 01 11. e Fuel Maid, hi re they matrnani
muni, 1, lu, e yutea, thoy haie iloi toro I
a re. u ki a I am praparrd lo ahon'. I bare here
auuie HiHt I receiied inla morning Irom a gentle
"I'" m.iilii! in cat rilalriet. wliu give mu the
1 a? f 01 eijlit vulera that lie knowa of who vo a I
1 leru.a Vf t 1 returna enow onlr Ave (or me. In
I "'"r (lulu. 1, whore they nave accurdoj me half
eOi.am y -i., o.ty rotea wore caat fur ma, aa 1
1 il. n ,i u 4fj jaTi, ol tac rowra taemaelyea.
lAn l.u... 1
I il tuit.inii-1, ti.ji theie fiauda haye aaaumeil
f'l im; niid-iareen by a comratlauu of
tieteunu t. el ction with that or two jeira
f-'o. I .le the Si- m Ward, lor Initance, and that
aitardi a. I a 11. t Inrie.acd perceptibly In rop-
ini. il.i-n, m l-b', me total rote caat wa
J'"fi '"W 11 le 9.1(11, an Increaaa of 1,100. Duce
1 an yud! up 0l(I ,Pr(, .ttra,,e introaae
1 1 V- u b-i 01 iotra In thatwanlf ICnea ui
rio, r.o an 1 appia aa. In the Filth Ward theie
C4I Totea pullea in the election of ISdl; Ihla
year lb 1 tum Increased lo 4.1S9. Wl.oiup
1 ("m lii.t ti,eie aig 1 5oO more volera In the Fll 11
?fnn"Tiwb tiieia tine two-ywra iitbr tut) t
r B'tta Ward t e taiurua or 1SCU enow S.lal yoleia.
iA,e hare fi.Vi), a gain or orrr a.CKal i
U ih iVaid, in I. -till, there wele bui i, 170
t 1 'ot-r., uow there am SMI.
oRykLi,iNa iui ravt.
Z j Mi' 01 nt'hdeil tlili anuning lo conalderabla
I ci' ui im'ancaa ot moat luiplcloua lucrtaa
ol noun 10 y ,i,lU, lociliilea. He theu proceeded
t 'Uow ulir avinauce or frauJ, clllng one dla
'l'lia m.euitia ciauned that 1,300 votee wire
J t"'l. He cilcu atml that theie ware but ll
"'"iiw in hi. b lu rote, ll.ua allowing that a yolt-
j" "l ya hiiin rare yod eyi ry hall lulnuta during
J 01, 10 Tieia waie eight liillota yoi'd le
I iiioiiu an oa ibdity or aucii rapid work wa up
1' In ny.e il air cla lieiited II ere had hein
p'l'ai, aeroiding lo lu ltlne raturua
"a U- 1. ,n p.mu on
IT t
I .1 i' yiu bait mat Ii I proper H it I
I 1 vu r I u, .lui.loSuU iu ieil4 J
theae ootratii. It le well that you haye deter
mined to (peak for unrtehea aud not por mil iwo
01 three men to manumciure ainlimeut lor tou
ion ahmiM goto the Lecielature for a remedy
atainal theae evlla. lApoiaoe. Men hold the po
Huon ol Inatclora ol K'ectlon who ahonld
never be enlrualed with anch reaponalbllitiei. I
ki,o what la ai.ld .about the fieedom ol the ballot
and the danger ol restricting the eierciae ol the
tntlrege. H'lll you plica reatrlcllona upon anme
ofliclala. Your Mayor la reqclred to baa resident
nl Uveyeare' atanding. No man ahould be an In.
apeclor ol election w o bolda a poalllon In the City
11.11 api.laoael or under the Water Board renewed
applait-ou there ahould be aome qaallllcatlon upon
tlio poalhon the aame aa uooo thai of Mayor 1 hear
a ireat deal aald about my anilely for office. Thli
tliarce ha teen thrown up at ma oyer and oyer
rain I love llrooalyn 1 It la the place ol mr home.
I have I entr-rite children and grandchildren living
fere. I am naturally ver deeply lntareiled In the
wel'are and itood uatiie of the clly I now aay that
the I.eclelaturo muil remodel the city charter.
Applauae.
drawa from lh Irraiurv about $100,000 every
month, and who knoe what becomea Jof that
money? The lark lommlatlon. the Fire Depart
ment CommHalon. and other departmaala draw
money, and .who knowi wnat becomea ol 111 An
act of the Leililalnre aalhoniea the Fire Deoart
menl Cemmlaaion to draw not 10 eiceed 150.0CO at
one lime on their own warrant. They draw thia
money wlthoot the elieatore or your ilaror to the
warrant. But. daaplta the rtrl-ilon or the law.
they nave drawn aa mucu aa 490,000 la one day!
Deneailon.
The Mayor pointed ont a number oflrregilarlllea
In city dlabaraajienta of Ibla nature, all of w ltd.
opened tbe door to fraud, and In hla opinion ahould
be remedied by the Leglilature, lie demanded a
new charter for the city aa the only remedy for ea
lillng evlla, and prooouncad In favor of the old
charier In ezlatenee at the time or the coniollda.
Hon, ell tie amendment! to walch he claimed hid
only made It worae. Tint, above all elae, he cautioned
the people to take care that they get an honeit ez
creation of the votara at all election, on which de
fended the aalaty, ggod order and welfare of the
An Imrealni 111 or Vice IVeildeaU and Eecre
lule waa then read and adopted, after which
II. F. Tracey waa called for, and made aome ex
tended remark. lie atated that be waa chairman
or a ccmmlttee of naude appointed at a meeting
held the day prevloua II rehearird tbe reception
0 the newa on the nl:ht of the election, claiming
hat by the early returaa received up to 10 o'clock
tue Itepu llban ticket waa eiectel by a large ma
jority. At that hour the Filth, Slitb, Second, and
Twelfth Warda were yet to be beatd from. By
cilculatlng Ibe poialble retnlii In three wards,
baeed on the rcsnlta or prevloua elections, II waa
clear that the Kepubllcan were eat III ahead.
Than came tbe Oral retnraa from the
(Second Ward, ihowlog a vote ol 1.500,
We knew what that meant. Then came
newa Horn other warda Indicating Democratic ma
jorltlaa or D.Ouo. Then new was received Iroru a
inl ditrlcl of the Toeirtu Ward i bleu g.ve 1 000
Democratic DiMoilty. 'Ihu livrevrral warda law.
voles weie added to the blchcel majorllle the wards
ad ever before given. TuOte waa a retular etetttn
apr ireot In these Btttrea. 1 he amount required to
etlrct certain rroulta aecmed 10 have b'en appor
tioned urouno with great nicely. The returna were
ev.deuliy made loonier. lApplauee. Hieraboed
mat atUDendoua franda but bet 11 perpelmted. A
m-eting was al core ollrj to take theae tnattera
into roiiaioeratioi.. At tliatnieellngacoinmitleewja
a.polntel to urr-itire for thla meattug, aud also
auoiber committee ol whl'h he waa made chair
man, lo Invcttlgate theae alleged frauds. He then
proceede 1 to atate nht had leen accomplished,
lie a'serted that he v.-e nierire l lo rote In any
court of Jnillre that iegul.,rly ugamied canta of
rrprateia, nttuiber.ng Irom ten to Uiuen, walked
(.boat the am eta 01 tbe ci'y ou ll.e u i of election,
p.ssir.g Irom polls lo poll, and tolini-n niteu as
'.hey plttteJ, at.1 all th.a v. I.h tl.e t-nowledire and
connivance of lie to'lce. llHie. Ho charted
that in thlt way ten tl.rnsand irauduloat totn
wiie cast. In the severe eon teat "I lai
te.r, he a id, when John T. IloSiriu,
1 e mot pouiUr I)i iicora-ic gu'iernitorltl c.n
.idule eer i.oiriuu vd ia lunmug, and also when
Cot.trri I'mcn were 1 1 be eiicttft, thrr Mere onu
.VJ.tVJ yoica idled In ti.e ilir or Urooklyn Tnla
car, r lun n itu-alir tue Imerest in tl.e dertlou it
1. licli If I, the clam that we l.ate colli. I nearli
0,W. He than proceeded to point out specific
itt'ian el of iraud. In the Peecnd Dl-trid t.f ir.e
hrcoiid Waul tere were ZXi Deuiocratic vetea
(o.lad Let yer, while thle ysur t."ere are 77J,
1.11 1 no t'ecreaae or the lti uriiictn vote. In the
l...'o.'i D.i.rl 1 of the Pi taanili Wan there
as D-i per ceo'. In're;e of the Ilenipern"e
ta e tti'a jear. in ihe I' rat listn t ol U.,luli
Ward ti ere were ill Democratic vo'ee cut "tr.it
yeai arain.l only WI I t,i tear. la me second D.a
t. let of ihe Ninth W ard Uie Democratic vote this
eur xaa cl.iiined lo i 1V. while ther pol.ed but
Iit jeer in t In. Fifn Dntrlct o! Ihe I welttu
S rd lory rolleu b'jl tolea thia year againet 511 .nt
leer In tue Mlu D.alr.cl of the 'iHeir.uWard
ti ry claim rilu ulu 1l.1t jeir against 4:1 Itsl ear.
In lilrie eliM.' ion d!S",'le lhe naitj inr ol
3,1'Mlietnriiraiic voire, an aieia;e o( 18 perTeut
A' ""'Point t..e llajorvaiated the chair, Invlt-
lug Mr. Booth 10 like hla place. .Mr. Ujot.t via! r"
ed mill gro.it arplauae.
i.r J'J 'h.rcouUuiied. Ii. one d!lrlel the claim
1.1.V! I.?.l.",,,,t ,'ao 154 Ifrpuhlican. He
c j'meJL.tluL 11 hyan.a.i Inipcseibilili tore
teive Iti-.t number ol ot,i cuilng the time Ibe polla
ere kepi open, lie ban examined the poll list ol
that district, and lound t.iat VHiml odd ninie
welu ouii'rcd at the b'rmnlng In a clean, neat, un,
loi in hind, and all indicated a haling voted all tue
ruin ballots. Then the handwriting cnanged, aaa
tl.eiejittr ahona the characteristics of a poll ll-t.
Uciaaion.lly aome ofthe mine, did not vote all the
Ii"'... Ik') ond this he had found aome ol the
to'ets rf that illttriit and asked tnem particularly
Hi. t I. ve tl. Vot J. Sama ho siy thuy voted
ierya l about aeven o'clock In Ihe uinrnln
r ie euiored on the poll Hat below tlieae ftuO. t .us
-i.owing conclusively that these 5 0 names weio put
on Iho ut betore the polla were opened, and the
I' .lloi-hoxes aluCed to cuneapond, Atpliuie aaa
litMin In another d.atrict. wnero there were three
Unuoi ratlc inspictora and two Democratic clerka at
the close of tue pods, everybody nasoruarod out
of tho room and the doors rrnialned doted 41
minutes. When the public was again admitted tbe
null clerai wert lound al work flittaiag in the blanks
In .letting what ballots tola a bad voted. When
IvXcJ-iro-K-fi! tTVCTiTO-T?roriSTDl-f 17itT3 TJSTy TnV) TTe
cllned to anwr. but krnt on Willi their work. I'nla
Itidicaled clearly that Ihe nanus lud been added lo
Iho list ithile the doora ere rioted, but that mere
i ad not bren lime enough to fill up the blanks. Ul
i i, ne In ballot noxea had been eluded cor-u-p.inrtli.glv.
'Iwo hundred adaltlonal Demo
r'"- tn-nirl'y In tuat di-trict waa the
ra-i li ol Ii i fraud. In one district
of tie 1'ourirrntlt SVard, where I'liarle 1".
Jlafiivn coii.il d oul ioi the Assembly, the lu
apeclor leni'ed to ranra tho Aaaemblv bin In
tue nrd'r preivribvd by law, tint w ined until tbe
nott murnlng, and then found how n.auy votes
were required to elect Wainwrlglu, aud then pro
teeded lo count. 11 was iben found tbat 130 men
had voted lor Aatembly In that illitrlct and lor
nothlnj; e'se. Tie other Poxes had been counted
bloia iri ai rt and the eddlllunal Ssures c-al 1
oi ly be given lo ihe Aaaeuiblynian. Mnull uol inese
men be punlaned J 'Yea," je,," nnd upplause.
I i.n ahould he cmtviclel and seul to tbe Mat
l'ri-on Ltpplatiael
i i.. n.iioning reeolutlon were theu read by Mr.
I' i l' .itu:
lllHOl-l'TIO.NS THtV MtXS SOBTllIXO.
;.,iO'e.l. itattti- tlu ci'ient of Koua eour.lv nere
a- w..o.ud, Ii p.-Lteii.iiig a' jai.e-. puiuu al oel ei.
ion. turns' lor ii. o n.ouieni an i..oe riit.iot,a ou
t'liicu e l.ate bi-en acLUaiuiunl to tl d.t. nave comu
10, a..ier lar l.e I urpoai of atiming our uunnoori an i
ol proclaiming heio.e Oou and mth a fecu aente of
our ryiponai"! Ily ai members of the roimnomvtaitti
our ini'iorabln dcteriu. nation lu roaln. secure, a.ij
arfcud our ro.l.l.
llttn.tr I. In-l tl.e election held In thla couaty o i
Tueada) last lain) rie I with li.fjiu). l.vury aui'll
suce mill tvblrli rout-s ara I iuii Ur waa nted. mth
viry gLi-eral toccs, o aufle ihn voice auo thwart ihe
cjmuianiis or uie peoplu Alleua were leriuiited lo
vole Tbe badota oi tue i-lt'ciurs Here nettro.ed Ite-ti.-atera
marchud Irani poll lo pod aud depo lied tbe.r
toiei. l.ar.e numoersof names of pcrsous who did
cot vote ai all t,.i aaueu to tl.e tolMlata. Ilalloia
weie cnangea oy lutpeetoia, and were t-ouu ed aieaintt
the c.ii.diuatei lor ttiiom tney weie given. Ibalieuavra
and peaceaole cinxaus were 'irlren Irom Ihe tobsby
luniai.s. whj weru In many cases it. Itinl in ueir d..vl.
lih work Dy the sarorn otnerrs ol the Uw,
JttiViVttt, liiaicumpreueQU ug at ouce tuen.lure aod
extant ol the wrong done to ut aud lo all toe goolpe -pie
ol thla btate. we apply ourselves hcie anil now lo
the woik of rediets anu rtir.buuou, eon as oue means
10 these end, we hereby appoint the loilowinie genii
mrn i A. A. Low, b. B. Chiliendeu. II, II. Claflm, John
V Uuuier, Cymou L. IlnUtea. 'IhomaaLarrou, r tank.
1 n woodruff, II- C. llowen. Ucurge Kiokcl, r. lward
III lull. w. Martball, George I., roi, A L
Davis, Wllbelin Kullraf, Kredenck bteln, J hn
11, I". Jerxens, Fied, giene, Augustine bnow.
John r. alaiun.S. U. Uulclier, F. A. biluoeder, tleo,
u, Hanson, Cnauncey i'eir;. I.orni faliner, U. K.
Tracy, W, W, iloounch, II. U. Ithlting, Jr., Jas.
h. chweje, t. J. nhltlocs, P. W. roller, haliiuel
Hi I.e. n. II. Cornell Vtnltr. Qeoiae II. Itoberls, A. I),
WheaJoravll. 0. .Brave, liobsrt J jbuiloBe. AbiWA U.
i. 'uu. Jauiri Juariiaii. Jaj'uf. iluxphy Audierr i.'l'u
uiugnaiu, Theie gent leiuoa lo baa committee, with
power lo add to tneir nainoer, whoss duly it shall be
I, 'lo accumulate aucn evidence ol Ins uauds we al.
lene as may be conveniently uoder oui oauris of Uw,
l. lo oioircuie promptly and to cunvictlou every
delected ufXeudar ajaii.il tbe luiegrilv of lliu oallot.
3. lo lake inraiurtato prevent any candidate uol
falny elected Iroin pr ifltlng Or these I auua.
4 loap eal to Ilia l.tmilaluie alum to anenible,
rar (ucnaj ecdy teller a, it may be lu Iheir poair lo
craut.
5. o take inch other and rurtler m-aiurea ror ic
ourlna the eodi ol Ju-ilce as may 0" P un i necdiul.
Aud we here pleuue .o said c umui 'to,-, Irom no be
gliiulng to the end or Hi te linor', oui moial, pecu
uiary. nnd, It nerd he, oui physical ail nop.
lievt tKl, lhat, with a lull knonledee "f the wrongs
wc nave 1'ilf red, with a oclorniiiiai.oi. utiicli at ill
rirrtr isiier o biiaa tba criuui-aii to i'iin..iiiii..n.
"iln cuufldeuee''Ifl lne lutll"e'010tll tka.e, an'l-a
fiim iebai.ee U o i DiViae 1'rovideiice, ae turn now
11 u.i tin paiop red luollo roooers. who, bay
I g Brat u ip 111 os or our proi.crtr, hive
i lu i-l-ieo. ii ol oji political rli.iii.aid hurl at them
ui indig-ianl uel.aiiee Melieie notify them thai lbs
bat'le lo tvocli vre c lallenge llieiu thad be louxnt u .1
i ilia 1 1 tcr rod, Mini unit no t-uiislilerations (ball sine d
eti-a. "r wt- a .t -a .-a -Jc---ibeui
at lue naiiaa oi aa ililoU ar.fl OutiA,aa o u I
ihe r. (Oiulioui were ncelyrd with lituahdoua
applaaae, end adopted with a yell that mad the
Iinlldlng shake,
OIK, ItOcWl ir-EMIt.
Alter the adoption of the resolutions loud rails
were made for (Jen. Blocum, who was sitting In a
box at tbe lelt or the etaie. He leaped over Ihe
balcony, and alepped forward with an earnett look
npon hi hindsome Mce. He wis greeted with a
perfect tumult of applause. Us sildi
I have been absent Irom home moat r.f the lime
since the close of the polls on Tuesday last, and
bare there'ore known but little of the alleged muds,
1 received an Invitation tn be rreient st this meet
ing, and I am her. I had no Intention ol making
a speech) but I deslie lo plaee myself aquarely
with ynn agalnat Iraud, and for the punishment of
Ha perpetrators. (Anplsuse.) Mr. Tracy saje,
Democratic franda." I am sorry be pule II In
tbat manner, for the great mas or the
Democratic- Ipartr go back on Ine rranda
aa rrnch as anybody n the opposition. lApplanee.
He aaya Ihej will give money, I pledge aa mncn
money from the Democratic party aa from any
pane. Applanse.l Every man meat rea tbat It la
for bla interest to sreaerve the parity of Ihe ballot
box. When It cornea to thia point, lbs three or
four men anting In a back room ran elect oBcera
tor the people, pronerly ceaaea to have a value, and
all good men ahonld rise. Eveiy senalble Democrat
will lake part In thla effort to punish fraud. Tbe
Legislature which la about to aatimble la In tym
Cathy with lionett men.
xaw nai to raoTiCT tan naLLOT-nox.
We will atk them for laws to protect tbe purity
of tbe ballot-box. (Applanae. And we ahonld
have a new registry law. Yon cannot make a reg
istry law too alrlcgent for me. Applaure Better
lhat rvsry man should be compelled to goto adoxen
place, to complete bla reglairylban mat tn pres
et l op. orlunltiea for fraud ahould exist. For one I
lilt my voice lu favor or such a law. Applause. And
a'trr that a law ahonld be raised pmvidlng that
men ejlruilrd with the people's money should come
before the people with their account. Applanse.)
Lstns have co more Boards, Acplsuss. Let the
men who Dive slrsets and make aswera come out
and give the ccople a cbance to aa) by ballot. You
are Lonest man, or turn them out ol power If they
are not so, then Brooklyn will be a plice worth
living In. Oreat applause.
n. a. w. ttxnt i arncn.
Call were then made for Ptawart I.. Woodford,
II wa not presoul, and Mr. A W. Teeny was called
npon, He responded In a vigorous apeecb, which
elicited the w ltdeit applibse. Mr. Tenny asld I
I am not on the list or speakers. I am here be
came 1 am an American cllixen and In full aym
psthy with the objects or this meetlne. In th
flrat place, I corrratulate Brooklyn on this msgat
Meant ontpurlng lo put shape and lorm In
to tbe movement against the outrageous
King which baa disgraced the city, t am here not
as a partisan, but as a citizen. I aee here men wbo
voted ror Powell, lor Kalbfielich, for Booth, all
here lor Ihe same purpose, that the men who perpe
trated theae frauds npon sa (ball be punished.
Applauae In Chicago ween Full Sheridan loui.d
men going about aa tnltvea be bnng them lo the
laras-poata. Uproar lone cheers 11 we can't gel
Juailce In tue courts, If we can'l get
Justice la th Legislature, where shall we o
1 nmnll, and many snouts, ''lltr.g 'em I Hang 'em I"
"firing em up l"i For one, I favor extreme mea
anrca, If other resources fall. I don't know what
eflect my words mav have lor or against mjself. hut
for one, 1 aay, 1gllanlt" treaiendoua cheer
lt tjiiaritif vi'lld applauae line fall lu
one place or another there la set a power, atronger
than courts, slronter than Legislatures, to which
can be entrusted Ihe deillng out of Jutiice, Wo
will go to the l'cople for a verdict. Tumultuous
cheering.
wnrnr la he T
Six months ago the New Yolk It.ng una atmot
omnipotent. Ti e b"P'e ve crinncl ll.eiu. You
have all bir. or lout LeJniih, laughter and
hlace. There w.i suc.i man. In tie lu tody,
bean, aud soul Where la he now Gone to that
bourne tannine no Iravri'er returna I'i5l)Jejr
Slid applaur. And the" llinc haa gone noun',
riushed h) the people, tint by partisans. While we
dedal o Ihe solemn rlghteousuees of the defeat or t e
ltm:: In New Yor, let u learu eoinethlng by it. Let
us tike examp.e by tie b iuret men of NewYo.k.
Wn here ahould have had two tlckrts In ine Held,
not three. No mailer lo what party a candidal May
belonr. let us rally under Ibe flag ol llr.orm (ap
piauar, Willi honest men HkclKalDflelai.n applauae
nnd ot -ers known to na as lallnlul men, at the head.
Had we done that, we ahould have cairled thla city
l trim 10,000 to) OOJm Uorliy. Applauae.
we. idmihd Diuaoa'a eritcu.
The next epeaker was Mr. Kdmncd Drlgga. lie
was received with mingled applause and hints, He
atvnke aa lollows
I heard a hie. had supposed that all thoae
present were rentleroer.. wita nibvast. ILiuc tier
ai.d apphnse. 1 am l-er to tluon m) weight lor
purity of the oallot but so much has been aald to
y. u, end so eloquently, that al Una hour II doea not
become me lo make a speech, Tula meeting re
n in e me or similar meeting held years a:o, w i.en
Ine peop e rose to maintain the Government when
they laid aside sll party lies, m.t.l tbe rebellion should
be put down, I rrlrr to the larreal meeting ever
held in i..ootliu. the meeting at Furl Green, At
thai etmg reiolutiosa were unanimously piaseo
to Isv pant "aide, and Ihe ticket nominated on thai
plallorm was ele"l I see lie e i ine spirit to
night. I am glad to ate l."C men of nil pirnes, uni
ted. ItejiiWIcant and Heuioct.its hsie addresso i
too, ani I can assnre you Itat Demrer.:t will give
as much money aa my HepuDllcin lllenja
to ferret out tho outrageous Irauds
wiilcl have disgraced Ihls city. Appiemr
As 1 naa entering tats hall tonl-lit a gentieaian
banded me a paper wnirli relates tu the fraads In
t o Tint district of the Fifib Ward, t-ixteengon
tlemen mane afnlavll tbat each voted lor Kslb
fleScn. From that district cut one vote la rrlurned
inr nim. Lauz ler and applauae As an Ameri
can cllixen I protest. If we submit to the fraudu
lent attiun wlucn haa been Imposed upon us, u en the
title American c.liien la worlhleaa, The old eye
tern nl tlaing primaries iby IraUuulent mrana Is now
l',ilod uaon us ou tba grandral scale, ai.d the
lime ha come lo atop It. Men who will deilberrely
count out men honeally elected are norsc tn.in aa
aaaslns, robbers, or murderers, and the an-atrit
duly vteowelo our cltr and oursslu-e la tu firm
out and puulan tlieu. Applauic.J
tuk kkv. pa. cci ban's srxicii.
There who loud calls for the Iter. Ur Cuyler
M rn be n.'lH.r-il dnn tn Ihn fronl nf t)i ala-a i
received a perfect oration of cheers. Itouuda of
applause alternated with dearenlng cheers, and It
waa some moments before the vast audience quieted
sufllcleully to allow Ihe reverend geuliemen to be
glu bis address. He sill:
FrLLow-ciTIXENe Such a meeting, on such a
nisi I, moans business I received an Invitation lo
oe present al this uieutin and I have come to say a
few words. Tl eia still be tnrce poiuta to which 1
ahall Initio jour attention, the two Ilrl ceseutlal to
the third. I am luloruied In it this meeting Is not
calUd lor ur an.lllit the Admluiiirailou, not Mr or
against any party. 1 ask our Mayor, Mr. K.lti
flchch, ir this is not sol (Turning to
ti'e Chairman). It Is iru. 1 lion 1 hare a
right tu comu and to talk as a cillxan and a taxpayer
ot Urooaun. Applaiuu
My connlrimeu. I nive not lie .rd such Ihinnl-r
since tne data of bmnler. Applause Onu King
is In ruins. Let us luank Heaven lor in it. Ao
pl:iuse,j Tiat noriliweal wind of Inst Tuesday
apt everything but on fluiterlag. rotten, rag,
tbit rag made onto 'In em. I'protroua lau;hier,
butsting out a seiond tltu i Ii becoinei ti ol t ir
clly of Brooklyn to gauier uu the itssons anil
apply thorn here for Ihe rescue of uur
own city, lor the reform of our municipal govern
ment. Our Irlriida aciuss the river this vear avoid -e
i two fatal and long continued errors. Had Brook
Ivu done II the rtault would haye been different.
We have too long diawn n illonil and partisan pn
lilies into mnnlclpal aH.itrs. Wntn wo find lirneit
men for aldi mien. Judges, and for tl.e tailous olhces
in tne uutrininout, men who can he trusled'wllh
our pre- iibacus, wli.it altterenco does their o.l
tics make Millt thcinl 1 might as well to to
ni v snoemaker and as. Is aaa If be belluyrd In Ibe
Wetin. mater catechism, Liughtet. My buaiueae
Vilth him prnmpla me to ask on, v, can be relievo
my com, T Laughter and applause. Lai us le
smve lo to lor ll.e good ol the community only.
Ah I tlio beautiful result ol last Tuesday's work lu
l.uinpe, The viiidlc itluu It has carried of America
and tier Institutions Ihe humole houiet It lias
made happy wllu the knowled.e lhat Ireedoin had
uot gone duwii.
All emlnenl and honest Democrats the O'Conors,
Oltendoriers, Tlldens, Heyoiours each name fol
lowed by cheers have come to ttis Irnnt aua ren
uored noble sen ire ,n the causa qf municipal leform.
Applauie.J Let us Join lian.n, declare a truce to put
dinerenc-,, and work lotelnrr for the furtnerance
ol Ihe commou good. Applause Now for
tux aicoNii anuue.
W have too Ion let these men rule us, Men i r
properly have ahunned the pnmary mraliura, and
have taken no Interest lu iho elections. On elettion
days they nave failed tn take tuat action wlucn
ttaiy deaa,aLileuVi-aju.JMV-o. all.itifU tbura u,
lh(r mam;. I lies are the nlt oi.,mnn.
Lauchter and applauae, But on '1 uesday la.t
in New Y'ork they were out In lorce, and wo know
the resu't. Of what avail If the purest men In
Diooklyn are nominated 1 Ihe most upright, uu
tclentloua ol our cillrensl Ul what avail, wlim all'
go and vole, II our ballots ale slolen and the ic
lurna lalallled I Applause. What availa It tor
houeat toon In vote once for Ihe rliht II rnguea aro
allowod to vote tin in tunes ror Ibe wrong 1 I did
not see these frauds committed. 1 lite on the hill
lu Ihe Twentieth Warn, ttheie, II one were to at
tempt Illegal voting, ho would bo re xod by cltlzms
and marched olt to tlio aUtlon liou.o. l.aug .ur
and applause. While 1 am nl hue as a
parilean, I old come to Investigate aa n
cllixen. 1 have hi en olefin )e.ir rvsidln'
witn )GU. and I expect to be laid rn
Greenwood win n I die j an I I demand Inal Ihe
en irxes of Irjud on Tue.rt ty and on TuesJay nuhl
I st be ll.o i ugbli Inieaiieateii, Great upplaur.ii
Aa tnoiuughly Invesibiuleii as (huso acruss tbe i;.,t
r ler. It waa sueerlnply said lo llirin, wnat air yi u
tol in to no about I. T (l.auinUr.) The qut-tlou lias
-t--i i,.!,, v.'.rr. .('y.siT.
Wevtiii )i,.e iiu"iii'oTti ii-uu plunging into Hit
people's luuuiy, Tn time lor thai I passed,
lint we must enter npon the Inreelle stlnn cslmly,
without lee"ng toward Indlvldosis, solely to do
Justice. The investigation mast be pui.isi by
men of nndonbtcd Integrity, In whom we
Disc the lullest confidence. If Ihe charges are
proved false. II Is due to the fair tame of Ibe city
lhat they ahonld be disproved. Fair play. If there
bsve been no Irands, demand an Investigation. If
the charges are proved, let us demanJ thai
xvxr.r ham cokvictxd or coxrucirr
bo convlctedi and lhat Just as sooa aa he can da
c e nil v cl ancc his raiment, Ino courvtled man a'lalt
be compelled In lake on tl.e stripes. Laughter
and great applanae 1 I don't behave In
Pulling the hardest blow on the poor,
deluded followers i let ns lay th lash
heaviest on the men who claim to be the managers
of their hnmble followers, and who hire the
poor men to do their work. Applause. Long
snmirh haa tbe clly prosecuted only Ihe poor
woman who stole, psrhapa la satlsty boo
ger, or Ihe poor election scapegoat ho did the
bidding of his misters, We mnst apply the law to
all, II we have lo empty chairs of eisn In high posi
tion. Ar.rliu.l Tbev plundered the treasure hot
In New York, and I'm alrsla ther have hare. But
we know Iher have dene worse In Bronklfn
thy bay plundered the ballot-bog. The crime
I tbat of the midnight assassin. We anr
vltsd he atseselnatlon of Ihe gloried mar
tyr, Lincoln, but we csanot survive
this crime. Casrl Ihe Flrat or Knt'snd wis led
to the scaffold for the commission of a lester crime.
Louis Napoleon was barlsd from hn tfs thror.a for
Irs than this. Wa mnst enter upon the dethrone
menl of the men who have disgraced na
with stern purpose of Justice, but wltn malice to
ward none and charily for all. Let na Join bandi
Irrespective or parly ties, for th preser
vation of onr right and homss, and we
most not li a (Ingle criminal go unpun
ished. KApplanse, W ahall not only Had
relief from the Intolerable burden oi taxation, bm a
cllixen ol Brooklyn need not then be aaharord lo
claim Ihe name of bit city ha borne, t he clly of
sanctuaries. Tremendous and long-continued ap
plause. Ppeecbe were also delivered by B. II. Chitten
den, who announced hi aubaeripllna of i:od toward
enabllog Ihe Conmlltas lo peraoe Its Investiga
tions, A. A Low, el ilajor Booth, A. C, Davis, and
alias II lintcner.
"Tin -.X'.ravtTtif IWiTdAiBnl 'WtnrM'aeii to the'
fund ror the Invittiga'lng Committee W. D.
Nleliois, jiOj J. F. Henrs. 10O i Franklin Wood
ruff, S-oOj Martin KilbDelsch, $SM.
IWOOKT.YS'S riFTT.
1'reparlnar to 1'nnlah the Hlng Over Ihe
stiver- Mopping Ibe I.r nil nad 1'ravld
Ing for Knfety In Ihe Feturr.
The Commlttco of Fifty crganlied In Brooklyn
to fe.ret ont the momrrest frauds In the govern
ment of fiat cllr are miking preparation to begin
their work, A Sex reporter laat evening called
npon the Chairman, Mr, Edward T, Backhouse, to
learn If possible whst action tbe Commltle pro
posed taking and aralnal whom their efforts aro to
be directed. Mr. Backhouse laid lhat bejond a gen
ere! a'legalion of Irind In Ihe administration of the
cltr Cnancee, th Commute had nothing npon
which to work. Trey enly knew tbat franda had
been committed, but had no proof against any or
In pow er. Iltdtd no: wU to make chirca :igaint
any cfilclal nntll they ecold be lubaianttited by
proof. Tie Commllti bad been oranlaei onlr a
day, and had not got te work yet, aliheoxli they
stould begin their Invitltntloni la a few difs.
Mr. Backhouie nddej that tho Water Botrd was.
the I cad and fiont or the offending tn tlasat cltr. It
naan ofMioot or ihe Tamn.anv Itlnr.and le had
no doubt waa noiouenhlt uehlnd It In corrnp
tioti. ri Mr. Fowltr. Mr. Hackhnnse entertalnel no
feel-i.i W.nrr fi-inn.iUii.- i:vtix!rrxr:r)"lS
ler was an active, ahrrwd map, and a n an of no or
dliisry alillly, bot be had certainly jo'latobaj com
pstir, and now he n ml content to bava his oMcinl
acta clnseiv ecriitlnlxed.
Mr. nackhonse lurther said that his Committee
wot I not have aaythlng in do with tne eli ction
Irauds of 'I ucsdiv. Their dulv was elmoly to dis
cover fraud If any ril'led, mil to prevent It in
futnre bv seeing lo It that the Lett latum ivurd no
more Imqulloua measures relating lo Brooklyn.
Tins could eaillv be done, be continued, Ibrcurh the
Iteiona member whom ther had helped to e.ect.
tub nuooiir.rif oviitAac
m i
CetiBllna In Henry Heller f.r Com.olaaUarr
ul I'ltamten Tlii- llrrmani 1'iepurlua lo
1'rajleal-llnlleln 1'orn up.
I.att night the Germans of WllllamaljiirRh, ir
respective of parly, were to bold a meeting In Union
Hill to protest sgsinat Hi coaming oat cf Mr. Hen
ry Willa lor th office of Commissioner ol Charities,
bnt on account of the mssa meeting at the Academy
f Mntlcltwas loslpoued.
Th Hlng' figures for Commlnlcner of Cliai'tles
Ee::er,S.l,ll, and Will, SUM, wlih three districts
to hear from, ont !ch In the Tlilid, Tenti', aid
Seventeenth Wards, The Third and yevinteentli
are Ilepnblicin wards. An estimate based on the
vote of Mr. Fcrgusor, the Drmocratlc candidate lor
Commissioner or the County loam, who ran ahead
ol bis lirket in the dlsirl.ta to be l.i n J Iroui. elve
Seller 81, IIS, and Wills 83,0-! j Seller' majority,
At a late fconr laat r.itht Iht mlaaipg returns hid
not beu received at b'ai'quartcr II la Intended
that they never ahall be. as they give a large tut
Jr.rlty lor Mr. Wills. In the Third District of tne
t-i-veiiteenth Wsrd. Mr Keilg Pclenon, a elerk In
beilrr'a iiBIre, reaide. Or, '1 hnraui.) a'lernoon tl.e
(Kill clerk told a sergeant of police that he had ent
tl e iciurna to headquarlars. On ilrcllon night he
elaltred tuat the ballot! were ao badly ernlened
tnej ,.h.i been torn up and a roujh rsilm.ite given
on the Mate ticket.
Hots Hose Irl.nnghllu'e 1'ollre oikcd In
the Inlrrrsl ofthe Hlng.
Vom teferday'l X'roetpn Kuy't,
Among; the witnesses wlio testified befori- llin
f'ommltiee of Five v,as Aldernian Weekra .of.l'ie
i iiii-lirTl aiiT. lis InTu'rmeii tne icuiearnt.i
tlve of the Kaglt that the returns ol Ihe Fouilh
District Tweuii Urst Ward, vtere slolen yesterdar,
II lurther rlsmd that there was repeating in that
dlalrict, and lhat le wnnld produce a man who
wou'd swear that a handful of votes itere thrown
bv l'oll'eman I.ariv .VcCann amoni the ballots
whl.e being coucied. Bo made the following state
l concerning hergeant Cameron
"A colored man came to the Willi District,
Twenty-first Ward, to vote. Ilia roaldenea was
raih-d lor and be gavs Ihe Inlomi.ition required.
Tne man who owned ttolinn.se In whlcn Hie color
id von r lived vouched fur Iho tiutli of his state
ment, erccaut Camerot.who was potdlln' Hearts,
turned to one of Ids nen and said: 'Ta'te Una
man to tho station bnsr and lock him nj.' He
nus 1 1 a m attay Irom I'ao polls and did not deposit
hi, ,ol- On ankli's rn ibt arj.ani of il on'
lege, he replied: 'I alll lake all ilianrrs for nr.
naitt.' lie is a Demni ist. 1 he otl.ur ofllcer act
ed in a like manner
'Ihe f i.iiioiittei t. ok i.i.nnionv nr.d ri-solrsd to
re'rr queatlona of Iraud lo t-on inllteea fiot.i esch
nf Uir warns whir n i l ating Is rnaiced. wit i t in
uniUrataiiaing that counsel Is lo be r.iipIojai to
irosiiuie oilendi'is.
Tho Laical Iroui llrool.lyn,
Hoea .Mcl.iupliliii ought to lie Lillcil," anil
an It.illgnaiit Demoirat, at tho groat meeting In iho
Arudemt or Music last criming,
lud r a in Voitu i l'ie n mi who oujhl to kill
turn, naa tl.e quiet ii'poiisr.
Iho Crrn nl the I'll. K, Kluiln.
Hiimox, Nov. 10. Iho follotvinf arc the tiaiuci
of tho crew ot tho schooner Vll K, lllgga, loat on
George's Bank In the gale nl Oct. 12: I.aban II.
llylsrd, manor, leaves a widow and lour ci ll.lrcnj
Thomas I eary, leives a widow and three children;
M cbael Flt,'c'iald. Ii'iins a wioow aud lour chil
dren Ales. .McKenaii', Irani, a wioow ami two
cnlldren: Hubert t'hrlnopher. Charles Ana
'lhumaa Fold. John Weiai, and Joliu Hmlih (alias
I'atrlck Kljur), all aiii.le. Tho latter belongs In
tanao, N. H,
Thrll null I ii-endlirJiini In Wreioliratrr,
Westclirslcr county is overrun with trnmris.
They prowl aoout at nigbl, sleeping In barns and
outhouses, robblnglcollara and hen roosts, milking
cows, and committing other depredations On
Ihuraday night a gang of toam ae Are to Mr. Ed
ward I'oola'a barn, uaar the fair ironode, al White
I'lal ns, and the balldlng, with lis contents, liirludini
sii.t ctl,', taa-hflrjatvn-wirnn.a ilelnh.jjiuinw
-Kt of ij!s, 5U, grain, end hay viu' destroyed
A I'reucla llrpubllc lo be f.tlub lahed,
I'aBia, Nov, 10. In an itilciview l'rosulcnt
Theirs has authoritatively aald mat when the I.o
(lalative Assembly media lu the beginning or De
cember, Ihe Government will propoae lo una tho
I'rutlslonal KQlnif and ealabliah a deflnlllve llo-Ptlblll'.
j.oxa ISI..IXO.
"lelnnny A Hon are niatilne pieparntlrn In rteel
t'llslilsnl v ilt-r a luxe fmiuiliy In Asioila.u.tb
.il.'i.a u, J,ln. im 4I1 jnnunlucluroii' ittdhcir-i-L.no.
lories.
A uiiiirniiy of New Yo'lrera are hulldinc anew
clit I oi ,u Ka t noi t tu be called tee rt -stuck Club
ibiiitn liitealo, hi rduii irout hive ucoa iiulmied
anu .'.mo tma I lloiil lUced In Ibcin,
'lie mtiiie of Iho a an who lanced 1 Imt-elf on
Tilt iiUv in New nun ui- .lobn ItrscXeiibllla. lie e'Ha
.VfXV.T Si,WV' M1i''--M- i'ir
bis ipiiou invni and obi allied hn auciaeuliau a lew
dais uiev loua lo tbvtutido.
jl rLiani rnoit onooitLrx.
Women In ihn Cnte, of Conrae-nrnfle eat
Ihe Allnntlc llnnk I'rulrstcd,
James F, nhodca, a well-known mailer mason
or Brooklyn, baa disappeared lo escape the Impor
tunities or his creditors, He la reported to have
root lo Chicago, Mr. Ithodee was tuppoted to he
tbe owner or considerable prorerty'. Only a rew
month ago h owned a splandl I mansion on the
Heights, which h sold to Mr, Leonard, or Wall
ttreet. New York. He also owned Ihe bnllJIng It
Hicki street, whlcb he has made over to tome rela.
(Ire. An Investigation, however, tbowed that the
btnka hsve for tome time bid snsplclont of hit
credit. Aa many as half a doxen large drafts dur
Inr the past week, presented at the Atlantic Bank,
were protested, there being onlr tTO there to bis
ertdlt, which turn hss been tltached by Ihe Pherlir.
Jiie amount or Ms Intieb'edaee Is not known.
Ii It aald thai It'iodss hss made over all hit prnn
erty to llie women healylsa Ma wlte. bat who, It
allsred. Is Miss Ellxiheth E. Dykes. Tola woram
keep a boardlng-houte st Folion tnd llleks streets.
She It tald to have been very extravagant In dress,
and to have kept a horse and csrrli. Yeiterdiv
morning sne went to Mr. Thomss R. rearsall'a law
offlce and paid him his lee lo recover aome arti
cle which the Sheriff had eeltei. She had a bill of
tsls ol the articles, dated the 7th ol Beplember or
the current year. Hue said she hsdadviccid llhodet
To? Hme. aad Ihtl lit hid alvsn htr
5. nrt'clei and properly lo aicure her.
Miss Dyke aaya she had nolhlnr to no with
Hliodes, as he bad tnolher wife In rulladstphla. II
seemt Inst she qurre.iid wltli him,, and lhat ht
thereupon vanished.
A Tllg Triumph for Erie.
In September last the t'rle Ballwaj Company
execnled a mortgace known ss the consolldaled
mortg;e. for $10,000,000, undtr which bonds to th
amount of 23 SOO.Ota) were to be held by Ihe Farm.
tra'Truilsnd Loan Company for th purpose of
exchange with the holder or bondi of Iht Compsny
pros lonely lan), and the remtlnlor lj iOCUXa wfa
VhtCI.4 -iip-omii mirketlln Mare ia. MeKthi
moilgaee had been recorded all tlongthe line of Iht
rpad. John W. Thompton aad William A. Walt,
e la mlng to be preferred atockboidtra of lb Rrle
Hallway Company, commenced an ictlon lo procure
the cancellation of thlt mortgage, ana an Injunction
against the latue or booda under It. Tne plica
or trial was fixed tt Likt Gtorge. and Iht
Injnucllon waa granted by Judge Ilosskrsnx,
upon a complaint containing the oscal chargtt
tralpat Ihe Erie Hallway Company and lie
cfllcera. A motion to continue this Injunction wsi
argned before Judre Hosenkrinx In June last, but
baa never been decide by him, and aa be baa not
realgned hla office Ii cannot be decided but In Sep
tember the action wat brought to trial al Lake
George, before Jndge Jameiol Oidenabnrxh. The
decision of Judge James Is tbat tbe plaintiffs hare
entirely failed to prove anv of tbe allegationa by
whlcn iher aonxbt to Impeach the mortgage, and bt
thartfore rendera Judgment In favor of the derend
ante, rilsuilsalng the coniDlalnl.suslilnlng the valldl
tr of tht mortgage In every roped, and permit,
ting ihe bonds lo bt issued.
Jfew Chnrgee against the Thieving Indlnn
Aiirnla.
Sah Fhanohco. N'nv. 10. The Unlleil fitalra
Grand Jury of 'lucson. Arlrona, make formal
charges anion the tuinaaera or tho Indian reserva
tions In the Territory, shot Ing thst Ibe Atactic
were alloTetl to leave and go on tho wir ratn at
si III, specifying numeious iniiiders co'ninlfel br
Indnna direct Irnnt amp Grant also cbargina lb t
the Indiana are supplied br ace.ila n nl, ni.is.nd
aaimunt m, and t idr '.toin. i proiituial by tje
otdcets lu rnaae
lists .1 for I hi' (i.illotts.
John Malii't, onu of the inurd.'rc rs of Israel
'hchnWl.'oiit"o1TTi0.600 ball, tta'a '.i rested ester
dsy for assault. On election nlil.t, Itobirt Cunning
ham. eon of tne rtsrk or the Tombs, wis stsndlng
at becood ovonun and Fifty-tilth street with other
boys around a lionOrc, and as youna Ciintilngham
waa going from the corner the murderer ran a'ler
hlta and knocked him own. Cunnighani got up
and walked away. Maber turned bacaud pursued
Cunningham. Cnnnlnxhrm wi.a too weak tn run
and consequently wsa again knocked down. While
be was pioatrato on the aldewalk the brute kicked
him In tbe rlts and eye. And )l Justice Coulter
suffered Maber to go on his own raceguliance.
Nol tor (1mm.
From Me Jiarean ArnHfroii.
Olio Reiiiibncaii miei' iu Mlaaoilll, oul of all
those thai mink I'ro-id. in (Irani an imoroi-er can
dblale for ref rcilon, haa the courage plainly lo ray
ao, The Mrxlen iliiungt' atarta out wild Ibe
compllmenury remark that 1'ieildeiit Granfa Ad
ministration "ha been a success It applaodt lis
economy, l.s Indian policy, and lis conduct of for
eign relations i It applauds the diplomatic skill of
Mr. Hin, the Integrity of Mr, Cresa ell, and the
nnano.al ability of Mr. Hoot well: but all thla pm.
ver Is preliminary lo an expression or tho ifunn
gtrt blunt senllments on the main qtieation. Il
thinks "thcro aro ah'er men thsn Gen. Grant, abler
statesmen, and those who mliht make abler I'rei
dente." Il "disliked Gram's first nomination,"
and It shall "allll moie dialike his reunmliialmn
I It minlion Mr. Ilonlned, Mr. Sumner, Heniv Wit
on. T.vmm Trumbull, lien Wade, t.'olftix, and
Horace (.cclcv. rtllur of whom. It I v.
"wnu'd in. novo upon the admlnWratlon i l'u'l
dent Grant."
Anotbrr Ilenntlftil (Slrl .Mnliie-i-il.
Weal I.ivinpton, N. J., Is e xrllod by lln myj
tenons disappearance of Mla Mary II. V. Porte!
a beautiful girl or 20, daughter or well to-do rnd
respectable parent. Ou Wednesday laat alio etart
to get some medicine lor a alck sister. She wa a i
iu Madison, nueie she pbrcnased a tit-get, hi t I
wi.at volnt I not knonn. blnre that time she I
not Inn seen, fne alw.it hole au excellent re-
t i' i n. It Is reared that she has bc-.n di uri;''d ud
abaucled.
Driigaed, Ilnulril Into nu Alley nnd HoMird.
John McDnnalil nf 33 Duano sired, Jersey
City, salted yesterday into a low den at Si lltxter
street, kept ly J. k bpicer. He railed lord-Inks
crtiu.tTiVKrJtrtiraOT.-rh
put into McDonslJ'a drink. Wi en the opporlune
moment Came, Johnson and Frank drarxed McDon
ald Into an alloy and robbed nlui of f loo. Ihe rob
bery una rerorled at the Franklin eltret station,
and Oaiitr 1 itxii'orna anrcaeded In recovering
and uueilrd Johnson aud Frank.
Mint Driid Ii v n I'rlrnil.
Last nlplit Mr. Climlcs llcrnanl, wlille oxlilliit
Inghis pi-tol In the 1 Hojnc, WillUmsbtirgh.
acclilenl illy shot Mr 1. a nr. I Nii lmls The lull
entered his right oe kl lint nlm nlniosl In-tuuly.
The VIrnnln l.lerlion.
Mtoiaiis, Nov. 10. The indirullon are Hint
the r-on.it v-ill it. ml 21 Ileiubiir.na to 10 Himho
llllla. iui I llin Holl;t of I, (lota, uUtilta Co lii-oub.i-Caoa
to 25 Donmcrjta.
Tlio ICl'xllll III llliaanrllllarlla.
(li.'ii'iTirit, Nov. 10. Iii all but nx towns
Gov. Wiimburn'a majorilv ovir all othera is 13.il 6
which tvi'l orobably bo Incroascd to U,6U0. Gov.
C latllna in.ijorlly wasS.Sol.
The Ilniiiaolii F.IitiIoii.
St. l'iti., iSnv. 11. Tlio reliitns lima lar re-rci-i
.vd anell Austin's inajont) to 8,'."1, vtilli I I.o
upper oo'tniles to I ear Irom,
11 HOOK 1, 1.
Michael Diffinb-ich. a btilcler, nf M Humboldt
street W .ill uibiirab. em sged with i urn and Jealousi
atteiuptei lo ki'l bla wife yeiterday ailemoon Un
ilru.i onu allot al her wimout citei-t. Ilnsning alter ber
ns sua atterniittd tottcaiu. ho ttas tuugnl I) oilier
Mllllll.
In a ptih'lc meeting In Brooklyn ou Thurdiy,
Jnnn aiclbsrniin, si ci.si-il Clinion rurnusb or enuniiiig
blm out us Alderman of the r-rvi'lileeiilli Ward Fm
biiih tbiealena to aive his aiuuer an uppurtuuity to
pruve hu cbaigcs beloro a magistrate
It. Lloyd Itoberls, obeoflhe penllemep who went
In the rmt liistrici polls of the Hetenieeiith War 1 on
Turiday nlxht. afier II ha I been rrnor.rl thai no lie
puhlicati ttould bn allotted in th) loom in aoe the
count, ip-aklnii for Ibe pally, save thai lliet ill l uot go
aTm'rlisiif.sn) rjrfHie j.i.taxtnof rjnae- r -natuir.
Yetlirda; al noon Michael Sweeny, of il'.i Pearl
trret, Iroikljn. entered Datld Sard's b sck.inlln
shonat Teentr-elghlh street and Ihrd avenue and
iilikini up a anile uted lor paring nones' boon, drew
it scrota fits throat 1 he I londgushea from the wound,
and the men fell lo the ground. Ho was taken lo the
l.oua l.lann College Hospital, tthere, It Is said, he died
of ais wound.
l II It IOH II I K.I Of CHIME,
Chsrles McManus, or Woonsncket. Jumps 1 from
an express tula patting I'awtuckct. It I)eterday,
at,d wai kiile I.
In II e General Resslor.s, yesterday. Henry Ashen
heiiner, for coimiiicily in vio ently giabtilnir a gmil
vrii ibain irom ihe prraon in Mirhnel rrancit on ihe
n tin f Oct. S. was lentrnccd lo live tvara In biaio
l'i lun
On Tluirnl ly night John Moore broke into James
II. IVa leia'a ilaelllaL' ai ill Wen Killy.'onrlli treel.
and wti '"eii'd pno.ine ip nlnle and rbma in in
tln.iiir: loom Moore na 1 1 kla tvorth ol pi o.. my ready
Ioi rrni iv il. Jil-liei Coullei nel I mm lor trial.
A Vliti.f 1'Ml.ocX',' oi r."J v-'liiiun alrecl, ,f3i"
tailing a losit ol sirsf yeilerdat, ba tjopie'i ai a aa
in ill In Itivliixioii sirrel to (ii'e a man' and w.ille lie
tta aeelnit lliu man ,li hn Connors r lied Ifone ol thi
bnrieis A iiol.cuiia.i thiuced alog, nnd aireitcu
John,
On 'Ihtiisdnv ,l.i' ii Carroll entered Isaac filmi's
Clntmiig t ie st (fit llriuid tireet ann nav na t elou
a c ml t'r n ii iiiiitida to see bow it hOMd .u Hi
f) .''H I'l.Uil.ijC'l.lhn iiiRljr.aj M'l .nalke Jlip
y, .f--'r.ttrt -1 it 1 a, t.'-n' "f
II c- Mloral'ji'g stern cnuae Jvhu wai cap uicd
ud ul la uriinu.
ins B TAT It KhKOIlOlf.
This Republican .llnjorlly ever 10.000-Tsve
fll ore llrpubllena Asserahlrnen.
The missing returns in Kings county re-iuee
the majority on tht Democratlo Slate llcksl In that
connly from 10.400 to 7, ISO. Thla make the eppa
reut ltepobllcia majority la the Slate 19,005. The
litest Assembly roturnt show the election of John
Blmoon. Hep., Ir, U.ir.scm'e district In Krle county,
ind Wllllsm t. Van Uuien, Hep In Montgomity
connly,
Thli mikes the Assembly stand bS Rspobllrsns
aod 83 Democrats. The majority tgilnsi Jim Mel
lon In Itocklind eonntr II COO. The mijorlty for
John A Foley, Hef., In J Tyler Kelly'i dlilrlcl. In
this cltr. Is Oe). Ther Is nnchsng In the Bteite
districts.
.'lajorlllea by Cnnnllra,
fepuShcan. HtpuhlUan. Ittpublkan.
A'leaany JIM Mnntaomery. IM We-tcht Her. !nt)
Ilroome IIWO Nlaiar Ma Wyoming.... IJOO
Catiaraugue. NW Oneida 111
Cayuga not) Onondaga.... WOO Total MiS3
Chantanqua. lico Ootailo lUmtcratle.
Chanango.... IMO (iranie., IMS Albane 1000
ulinton 104 Orlcana ISQ cnemoogt.... 3VT
Cortland iv) nawego 1131 Columbia.,,, 1J
Delaware.. 100 Otsego IM Orrene tta
gntenti MM Pnjnam rn5 Klnta. lino
H lioo fct.i.awrenca. WOO New Voik,..3,Ml
POti naratoca lsos Qnaeas... VI
Franklin.,... 1CO0 fcheneetadr. KV Itensselarr... tono
Fnlfoandl, ,M ftthnller J0 Richmond II
llsmlllon senrta 400 'Dockland... 179
Oenejoe lion Heffolk 450 Hebohsrle.... 1S1
Herkimer..,, wo Ttoca., UO fteneoa tvJ
JetTerion Itno Tompatoa,,., long Rulllvan,,.,.. roo
Ml SCO Umer I Tatcl. loo
l.mnjiijo... lioo Warren,.,, too
Msd son isoo Washington, 1700 Total (Mil
OBclal"" ,M0 nuJ' ",1WS
in riio a co m Titoun,rs.
The tJrenl Chnlrmnkrr lo bo Arrested To.
dny, nnd Hnllcil In 81,000,000,
...ilAtngj U UwtrM, Hl.f. Ij.u Area JUt'Aj.i
twetn Porllind, Me., and New York and Orange,
N. J for the lasl fortnight, wai In tht cltyytittr
dsy. Ills frtmda bare leenred adeqsxte ball, and
thi great chalrmiker his Intlmslsd to Sheriff Hrtn
mn that he Is ready ror arrest. Judge Iotnbam
grsnted Ihe following order yesterday afternoon I
fuprtmt Cnnrl.-The people or tbe Ante or New
Torn act. William m. Tweed. Jamie II, Ineersoll, An
drew J. Osrvey. snd kipen A, Woodward.-lt aepear
lag to me. oy tht complilnti ind sffliavlts annexed,
thai a aomclem cause of action exists in favor of the
i??JS;Bt.mt.'s Pl'lhtlfl na against th aoove.namea
nefsndanta for deceit and Iraud. aod thai ihe case ta
one of inns mentioned in eocilon No. 179 of ibe Code,
and on motion of piatntltTa' attorney, to wli.the At
.2.5 .'.-.D".y he ntaie ol New York. II Is ordsred
that tne SherttT ol the clly and county ol New York.
kV t. lBe s."" 5'Hf hereby required!
Ti. e.-5,,..bl." h"n. "1lrd, to arrest
tt aC!eS',,l,,! 10t nemcd (except ibe defendant
M. Tweed, who has heretofore been arrested and
held lo bail in this action), lo wit. ine rteh-ndsnts.
James tl. lugenall. And raw J. Osrvey, and l:iacit A
Woodward, and to hold Ihem to bail, and to hold each
ol item to ball tn Ihe anni ot one million dollars and
A? "!.n,n ,n" 'dr to HI It bsniplala. al liiaofilre,
Ihe ellv of Naw York, on Iht nth
day of Novemier. A D.tjll.
November l. t7l
D. 1'. I.VaitAHAM, Justice Snrj. Court,
It It probable thlt Sheriff Brenmn will courle
ouilytrnsl tbe (teat chalrmiker to-day.
J. (I'Doiiiivnn Itnssrt in Conlrat Ibe lion.
Vm. Jrl, Tttecd'a I'.lrcllon.
A Scy tepotler was asiutcd by one of Mr.
O'Conor's asioclats altornns, yeaterday.il it cvory
lerionvrho maybe found to be Implicated In city
frauds, whether In connection with tht new Court
l!-is -e,r-tV.btrsrlst-, -ta tie vtjbrfst.rtr Tt.ll-get.-"
ilemin dctllned to give snr names, n tbelr publica
Hon mliht be a warning to Ihe gulltr, who are
slumberlnt In Ihn belief tbat th) are uot suspected,
or al least not to be prosecuted,
Mr. Geo. II. Vsn 8lyck. of the Committee to pros
ecute violations of tht election law. Informed a bUN
raporUr that a great deal ot evldenca against re
peslera and gulltr Inspector naa coining In, and
I .set every caat wonld be proaeculod with vigor.
The Ci mmllt.e are tallsOed lhat ir the election In
the Foarth District had been carried on fairly.
O'Donovan Hossa would have been elected. As It
la- to Commute of hevrntv will probably tuataln
Mr. Hons u contesting the sen with Tweed.
lathe Hon. 1'eler II. Htveeny tnl.e Arresled t
)il Ifi Tvrilnj
Tlio most alarlling mm or of today Is to Iho
effect that the Barren for Ihe Correction of Hum
ciosl Coiruulion lies tiiacovrred evidence against
Mr I'sler H. Sweouy upon which tbey rroposo to
ask lor bis arre.f.
These rumors were so rife that we caused Inqulr.
e to be rraCe or Mr. Charles O'Conor on the auo
Ject th s afiernoon. and the most stncular part ol
the matter was the acspiclous reticence and nou
Commlullsm of that gentleman.
Whon told of the rumora he utterly railed todenv
them, but at the aimo lime declined to lurnlsh anr
Information for rnblleatlon, closing the Interview
wiln Hit ood temark Hut "he had uot authorised
any ont to encutate the report."
Inillullnu luaersoll nnd Carrey.
The inliabituntt of the Fourth W'anl of hong
Island City, cb..rgj tint a urcet lamp ring hss been
formed to swlndlo the tixpayer. Filly wooden
posts with lamp tops were put up In the ward.
Five dollars each was charjedfor digging the holes,
snd 18 eac i lor lamp tops, nortl perhaps 3, Slid
119 tor yellow ochre, worth a let- cents per pound,
The pulling up of tbe poals and the paiutlnx was
Charge I at ilav's nork. The swindle Una been re.
ported tn tl e Limp and Gas Commlltoc or the Com
in' ii i i ..ii.'il. hit! they never have quorum, so no
i c i i in be taken,
'I br- lot, it runln,-aliP.
W.-i -.rov, Nov. 10. Advices from Jownsnv
r. ,-.ar majority of the Li gltlature oppose,'!
I i i" or lioii of Henaior llnilaii. Thli lias
crea'i I rmie alarm among Marlon's Iri-nds, and tbe
Adininisir.itinn organ to day prlt-ts au aillcle In
tavr 01 Harlan.
lussns iiv r i int.
Joseph I) .vld'i furnishing slorc, 573 Sixth avr-aue.
Lois, t.t.oou.
Mo!ons MI1N, Tort (or, Ont, Loss ISS.OJO.
Insurance lit.ooo. lucendlary.
The Waverlev House and all other buildings In
Mendota.lll. Loss, til, OK). No Bra aptar.ttua lu Iho
towo.
The canal slesmer Aslorh. wlih a carro of cot
ton and navil stores, wns burned and s mu at her
whait In Norfou, s teiterdsy. Loss, f is.qio.
J. Davis's furnishing cooe store In West Seven
teenth street, near sixth nvrone: II 000. Oamniing A
Itsrtnn's paint shop lu tnu biisenient waa damaged
IT.IAif l.MIIV.V XOl'KS.
George II. Dick ha tietii appoli md -1-taLf
Ai.rnoi for tbe Thirtieth New Yoik lilsiru t.
Kvl'iingressmm Slnk.es will ptobsbly not he tiled
nun Muit'ti, as tli.'ie n a laico amount ui tisitiuoi to
be gathered up and brou.hi fiotu Tennessee,
Gen. Ilsllocli has su. rendi-red about t'D.OOO In
the I renauiy, bclug InliioJl be had in me on ilotrrn.
munt tundsln In pustt-tnou, t, tiudtritood lhat hu
ti uot to be prosecute I.
William M. Hvarts had a consultation with 'ho
Fla'e 1 Jul arlmi'iit esieiday in ri'n rcute to bis (Jem-t tt
ii'la.lon. lie and Curllx w II sal al our,'. Ion they
hate ilieidel tn ai i-nd ihi''r!irr in 1.. onion, and in
coliniTiioii nriili mil 1 nu'lloli branch ot lua Coaiiinsaiou
pioci ed in lorina lo llieir tt ork.
It hps leaki'd out (list ir Mijor II Hires k, i
able,.,i.eei bla dsfatrations qmet iwu sivki lom-i-r
the lill ill sticks and va ma alter tbe Chlravo tint
wo ibl b.it enabled nlm to eoter u i neurit bull In,
rurier loans, lie had been oii'iaiing for a tall lu
slooaa and gold.
'Ibis (internment and Ihe Spanish authorities
hue not yet airivrd at su sgreemeni irepictmr the
Hornrl, now at 1'oit au-l'linre, uitiiiMi'eil ly nnaii
lah vrs'oia. a rorreipon Jenre la in promrts b
Iween the Kecetarv of Mate and Mfniimr llorert tne
lorinri protesting aialnst the nesign to seize mat vei
ml, which Is unuer Ihe Amerlcau Osg,
M'AllKS I IIO.U Till: lKl.lSdltA I'll.
Hnow fell all day jssterday In Albany.
'Two iiiilies''o'l"snbw'7s'lI'yts'lerilav Tn' Conennl'.
N II
brow Ml In Boston and In Portlmd, Me., lait
evening.
Thrre vtas a light fall or mow In I'oughktepile
ycsierdsy.
The snow st Port Jervls ysstsrday morning wss
Ihtre Inches deep.
WiirmTr 'Ke7.11T sniWeVsnher of' ilTi,.r..irV"
Iowa, poisoned hinisiir to avoid a gambling debt.
John Pellrer, attarhed the receipts ofthe Tbotraa
orihcilra comeri in (.oliimbut. Ohio, on Tue' ltr last,
for money allegntl to have Iceu advanced Iwoyuats
sgo,
'Ibe spread of small-pot In riillsdelpbla ind other
cities u atnibut.il to the lalt- of 'initio rones there
iskm fioin tne llarktst and flegsu cauips, where iui
ant'tsr prevailtd iwo etrs ego.
Gov, Campbell. In his niesssg to Ihe Wiomlno
l.etrisiature, on Thursday, recommends thai lein.le
snlfinct 0 Pot rcpealod- lis rss women have merle
xoo'l J'lioia, and honst and eouiueteut otflceholaers
A Moler in Ihe blirksmllb shop of Ibe fill. bum
Tort ltne anil nlraeo llallrnad, In lorl Wayne
tuat et- tMA -a Tl.e-tifT-'i lee bjii.'.it.g-wai si.at
oti's'tv laureJ' k0m, f 'hem stti
The New Ilruiiawlek Govern-nsnt hai accented a
pioi otiiion of H I! Imrpea al a hla aiaoclaiea '0 bil 1 1
Hit l.iver Dill tide lui.tiay In road is 1 1 be na, r n
isiise arnl Hi. lon n ny in r-teive a subsi .y of I n
li.oii.aoil arres ol laud Per mile,
Tl.o J5DUO0 1 ol aloik in Ihe K.'lhern M.tsotin
.i'.:;li-..ywi-;.ir-a-i,. m --a "w
..I. s i ihani.au for
in pnrt l.aien auuiiie tbeiees and otl.es exnentet iu
cunsd iu tbe sun now tcadiug a.aiou tut Ckuiwoy,
A NEWARK WIDOW'S TRIAL' H
ffAS IT BOMHAltllVLISM, OH Tfal tt
A HATAMO 1'l.OTT
Hreivlni Ont and Hreaklng Dntrn n Wlcbrtl
Onnaplrncy-riio Foritmeaofia Family lbg 1
was llroken up by ihe War. H
On the morning, of tba 1411s of September
Francis Gould's boarding house, !,9 klultxrrr
'reel, Newark, wit robbed of valuable cloielnc
and Jewelry, i worth about (1,000. A detective, 1
searched the home thoroughly, but wot amble to
find any of Ihe stolen property. On the rSlh ol Sap.
tember the house was agiln lurched, and some ot U
the aloltn property wai lound la Hit Irank of a
young and beaulllul widow, Mrs. Kffle McKinley.
All of Uu. Gould's doming was found, but only a
portion or Mrs. McKlnlei't. lb latter waa
arrested. H
Onlhelh or Beplembtr Mr. O. fi. Ferry, oi 'H
Utlleville, and Wm, B. Guild, Jr., her counsel, cava 'H
ball for Mn McKinley, ind ihe wis liberate I from
the eonntr Jail. Ycsierdsy the esse wit called for
trial before Judge Tctse. Ths.lsillmony sddoced anaaaaaal
tatltOfd everybody that the prisoner It tht Innocent iH
victim ol a cruet conspiracy.
Mrs, Ooold twor thil on the night or th larceny
Ibe prlionir slept with bsr, aad Ibat ihe did nol
leive tht room during tht nltht. The sfrong
point wlih Ihe prostcutlon wai that Mr. Frlce had
calltd at Mr. Oulld't oQct ind tuggtsted that Mn.
McKinley mould gtt her ball redoctd and Ibea
qnlt town, "for." ssld Mr. Price t.blin. "mr aaaaaaaal
dinghtsrtellt raa lhat Mrs. UcKlnltr lift her bed,
descended to tba bath room wheie e Irnakt ire H
kept, on ihe morning of tbe robbery, and atayed a H
conlldsrable time, and retorted to bed, and then H
It mnst have been that the tobbery waa com. H
milted." I aTH
3ttl !lT.i'e-a' tbs'. cv. if kViMt fiept; V M
when her house waa robbed, her larallv consisted 1
of Mr. Leror rltto'icns, Mr. Alfrtl KJ wards, Mrs. 1 LH
McKlMtr, Miry Ixiog, Ihe mild servent, sod hsr
scir. Iler testimony contained nolhluc lu criminate
lha priaoner Tbe Ittllmony or Mary Long, who B
had bean atcued by Mrs. McKinley, waa very I
hitler, declaring mat iht "would Ilka lo mash tba
prlsoner'i head," H
Mra. McKinley wn the last wllneis sworn. Pala l'aaaaaaal
fid trembling, the tsreuded the witness stand H
According to her own story the and ber family 1
SDffered many hardships an I privations during in lilaaaaafl
war, their house being nesr tlio, battle Held of South fl'M
Mountain. The houaa was aiterward r.xed to tba
ground, and the fsmlly wss broken up. Mie went 1 LH
lo New Y'ork, aud theoco to Newark, alio con- anaanafl
tlnuedi B
.,7.' t'P msrrled woman) was married by Dr.
Siller. March isu). in Baltimore. My nuibsnd medl lanaanal
Jsnoary. isw. anil. is bntied al rrrderick. Ud. 1 came to
Sewsrk Sepiemoer. IJ70. Came from New Tork. Lived
"Hm Arri' P'eviouai waioiiiloyed at No. B
14 V, esiTwrnty.iaird street la the dieesmaatng oail.
nets. Was first employed in Newark by Mr. Hard kVjBBl
as sslrswoiusn In his sewler machine atora.
Had a valuaole wardiooe. Ilsif: fine sila dresfes
a a ;rd supply of undeiciolbtagi most ol LTaH
mr ihlngs were etolen and have nol been recover. HB
ed. I coninui'd In ihn houu until arrested I aonl aflBH
know how the thipi got in the trunk sites it wm
rn ted up si. in. I lelt my keys lying trouud esre.
letaiy. 1 nevir borsowed clothes. Mrs. Uoii d ire. aaaaaaal
qmnily borroued my dretes aud bat, Mr, Gould Ftaaaaaal
ral.e.l on mo on thassth bepiember and uke.i me if 1
aaa golne to leave town. I said 1 waa not. Ha advli. Fsaaaaaal
ed uo lo, and said il would go hard wltli me. I
.'..If" muocenl am would stsnd tilal. I alH
had ,J In my uuuk wiK.n it was robhed. Aid waa
ndtri'l mn lo to home, bin I aid not want ,o nol 1 1 aol aaaaaaal
a new wardrnne. I rould teen have taken my trunk!
Iroui the bo.ne. 1 didn't think or leaving don't know iVaaaaal
who commuted the roboei y t never waa arretted be
tore i ui'vai rharrad with crime t lound a few or my
things wiln Mrs. (louid'a in the tiuut, bin the oesi ol aaaaaaal
tw-ro-.utrTi'Mi-1j ln-'iTftuvf.Uiy' ilu-iia'iSTiifJii' ..a-
wairn.nud lur 0u are still uipiiugi nave no re.aa
Hunt living in this pail of ine country'
Altera thoroagls cross-elimination by Cilsb Tit. t V
norti, lVoncuting Attorney, tne en nination wat rH
closed. Tne cass naa suhuntud to the Court with 'aaaaaaal
out summing up, anJ alter a briel charge irom the
Court, waa given to tbe Jury, who retired at 6:29 laat
evening. A ill; 15 the Jury announced that may bad
agreed upou a verdict, but aa the prlsonrraiidioun aaaaaaal
al war ub ent It was not until 8 o'clock Hut thi LVH
verdict was lecurded. When ibe loreraau an.
nounced thai the Jury lad found a vcidicl of uol I BAI
guilty, the court room laig vtltu nuhn.e and Mrt,
McKinley fainted,
lilt. OLD, OI.lt sroitr. 'LjJaaaaaal
The I'ool-I'laher nenlu llnlilng ll.t li- Hooka aaaaaaal
A lliirlgeea viki doeau'(
Mav roan, Nov. 9, lni, LVaVfl
ear. nlllrhhonse to V. Y. Rubber Man.p Coaipaey. 91 kanaaaal
Urna Iwar. New York. nr,
To onu ouitll as ageul (or this Companr Ji U
aVr. ntiiinhctitf. aVAV
hint lou luting left your fold walch as srcnrlly foi
sn otitllt of ibla oiupany, and not n,srlmr tiuintou. I kaVaaal
take ibe liberty ot sending you ih'a n iter, mroiiulng anaaaas
yon tbst ualess you send us iheiiione) immediately wa
nl I not hold the teslcli.
l'mase l.lnlt the amount by teturn mall and Ihe sj.
drrsa ou wi-h ibe walch soul lo and we will forward aaaaaaal
II io )ou by nnett.st I Irar we have notyoui coriect aaaaaaal
faBBBaa
Hoping to hear 'Torn yon soon, we rrmaln yonrs, Ao aaaaawl
Y. liiniitKeTlMI'L'O.SOJ liroadway,
This la so transparent lhat It only r.eada rxplana- 'taawal
Hon lo cciinlri readers. The awlmlleia Intend thai
thalr victim shall think Hull the sending of lha blfl
in bun is an rrror. He or course It expected tf aaaaaaal
jump al ll.e chance of getting a gold natch lor S.
ri.Asiir.i, fr.oii rim ouvax caiu.es
The It title- Is frozen
The Oolrlnal la to bo the residence or Vutol
Count von 11 list has teen appointed a lire nieui aaaaaai
ber of Uie unrer lioirhiratn. Hl
rVhlllrr'e atalne tv.it unve'llad yeslerda In Berlin aaaaaai
In tbu prrsrnce of the Ilu.peior and ciowu Prince.
The bnanlib war steamer Tornado is still watch- aaaaaaal
la.' ihu Amiricau slcnmtr Virginia in Aaplnwall.
The Archbishop 3rd Bishuo of Guatema'a hxva
beenibaiird for comi'lirity In the lale retolution.
Durlnz the I'reildaiillal election In Lima, Peru.
vtxTCMjnnmvinnea sr.a .rvebry "troVirrre'dT
Mr Ashhun Is to be n candidate for Iho renre.
enation ot lltlghlou o.l the next parllameniary vay.
KKIT J MtSKV.
Jeiaevnieu aliilbule the Rorcrotts display of aa.
rum borcalis on Iburidiy tilgbt tn an angel c lllu.
iiiiiiatioo iu honor or the election or Joel Par. or.
llsnrv C. Vin Iloutrn ol I'aterson wss reminded il
by the article inlnabrs on 1 noma. JrBer.ou" thai
he voleu lor that statesuirn lor Preiideut lu ls.b. 1
Il Is rumored that the IVnnavlvanla Central Halt
road is negoiiating b.r tbe lean or the Helawaru and aaaaaai
llantau Caoal and mo lleltlocrr and Dclattaio Hail
Charles Ward t'eeirrentee nbn waa sn tlm-er lH
mill? injur- 1 i-t the ml' of the an til .1,1 br tthlrh llnaaa raaaaal
a- ioi ill iu fluboktd wn ihutadaf, dtSl it-sloidag (H
nioinlvg. tanaaaaa
Yeslerdiy I ie P.ivonlj horse r.illnay ramo.ny of Ll
Jei-cy City rtncnanre't, miu. one i'rvu-'tfaap-tiM-(b- aaaaaai
em o.m tin t .Ti on iho Una ttltaoul giymg aai warn. aaaaaai
Ing or i xtlanatiou.
Col. Raflrity and Dr. Iftiln raced their ni;ion th aaaaaai
I'alerinu lace rour.o on Thniilay iifti-rnuoii, tne ilH
stakes ot'iug a linaki I of tt mo c.,i. II iit riy's colt beat 1 aaaaaai
bmh beats tone mile each) lu S:(J nnd .';M.
Moans Sir.uss was )e-lenlir iniivi.ted In th
llndsoi. County Qua ler t-esilont nf robbli g Brown's
dry a tods sioie ur s 010 ttorth of stik. I be Jury went aaaaaai
oi.l hi I o't 1 iek on Ibniailat and did not pud a ver
diet uiit.l 11 o'clock icaiciosy luorinu.
Juiiixos Aitui i roir.v,
r-enalor Tiuuibull l al tl e Ht. Nicholas Hotel.
lie I'biiibnr of Comiueico relief fund amount aaaaaaa
Nellie Tailor of Greenpnrl, L. I waa thrown out
of a ttasou ami killed,
Mr. John Walsh, of 91 Msikrt street, says H ere
was no diilurbame ttliaievii In Ins isluon on iVcducs. aaaaaai
day
hergeant Loome having failed to teflleel benatoy
llranlny, hai oeen tianileirad lo the P.fli-uiulb ureol raaaaal
loliresiallon. jM
Tba Ynrkvllle Police Court macislrales tie sinter
ing on (he bench, ibe aiilhoritles having niglrcted to
provide stoics aud coal
r FiSu'V'Wiif 'bTI-.tt-rni.d'Vf.fiiSV, last e've'nini
sccntentaliy tlint hiniaelf In Ibe abuouien. He is sun aaaaaai
pi sed lo be fatally Injured.
Next Wednesday evening there will be an atlrao.
tlte serial reunion or the Young Men's llnsiuu bocietr aaaaaai
lu the btaoton atieet Danllsi Churcn.
iVeterder afternoon Isssc Hell lendered his relg. aaaai
ristion to Msyprllsllasons ol ibe Commissioners of a'aaaal
Public Inmuctlou, to take (Sect Nov. il. S?M
"Vefn"ehi'bTfr or $ri h'Vst' KijhTli"s7rtet. whllk""""""'" Ksaaai
pntnng no sn iron nroei yestrrday lu Ine IbirdAr. iM
stiue Itallrosd depot, fell and waa Islally lujuied. CLai
John Morriisey haa purchaaed Ihe Nalh in uiansln aaaal
la Last Twenty third meet. It Is tenoned Hist it n aaal
to be aClubhouitonlbtitylsof lbs baiatoga nslsca. SAM
The work of repairing McComb'a Daai Bridge Ksaaai
hstlng been stopped for lack ol fuuils, Chlof hg urai ?jaaaal
Uisul will clott ihe biidie to day. deilanng it untafa,
Al bills incurred during the lale political ranvast 'aaaal
bv either lien K bisel, Adam Weher. or (j. Anlengei
will he tpsioon pie.emationun and alier Wedneidai Ml
neitbyMrC.Aurcoieraiajpiiiesir.il. ,ruu0"' Maaal
P.r.,s".L"?,"d'",n' f"'1 SJ' r,,ro1""1 daetltot al n
reail and Oat. meets esitrday inoinin.'. lie waa i'iaafl
tbtT t'ai'iop, at
Si Mayor Havemeyer, Jiulee linre'l. .Imiics ilaaaa!
t srdon and buparinii n lent Kei.n m re leireulni XM
for Juiuce Joiepn )iw ing uti, ,,i .ti PlWm
tail Ii .oesl Ji.nl e II wnuj tt.,1 i i ,ueird ibi r2H
eaileiibtp ol a new paily, uC 'M
Under the auspices of Giamno 1 Vi- Tl taaai
IM 11 (lral'l'ls'a lul imlllsr, a oi ofU
fll t'tv-rtt yittp m Vt h'"' Vr V'" 'aiaB
ulf.ieri by ibe loirn c e, .ceo '4jaaal
pairona aie Bernard Hmrib II. In m.a- rdJH
Homi hairie, Prof Jajslieo, Uib m pJH