THE MORNING STAR
VOL. IV. NO. 138
TELEGRAMS
TO TUB HORSING STAR.
CABLE DISPATCHES.
The Fire Fiend in Europe.
Gas Exploson. and Loss of
Life iu England.
FROM WA lIINGTON
Butchery of Humanity In 3n~
GENERAL TELEGRAPHIC NEWS.
Providence and Vicinity.
FOREfUDi NEW*.
Large Fire in Venera.
Paris, Noy. 13.—A dispatch from Geneva
says a large tire is raging iu that city. No par
ticulars.
Explosion of U*i-An American Vessel
London, Nov. IS.—A fearful explosion of gas
occurred to-day at Leeds. One or two persons
were killed and several badly injured.
Ship Escort of New York, took fire and was
destroyed, at Antwerp yesterday. She sailed
from Ne w York July 29th, and was last report
ed loading at Antwerp Oct. I2tb. She wan 1366
tons, built at Georgetown, Me., and owned by
J. J. Stuart.
FHOM WAMHimUX
Steamship Subsidies to be It ecommended
Washington, D. C.» Nov. 13.—The Postman,
ter General will in his report recommend the
granting of a subsidy to the Pacific Mail line
of steamers, so as to enable them to run semi
monthly trips from San Francisco to China. He
will also recommend a subsidy to Wells’Aus
tralian line.
The Four Million District Loan.]
The Board of Public Works in this city do
not appear to feel confident that a large negro
vote under their control can carry the four
million loan at the coming election. It is ru
mored they are registering department clerks,
including those who hsve just returned from
voting at State elections.
Treasury Balances.
The following were the Treasury balances at
the close of business to-day: Currency, $B,-
010,180 32; Coin, 94,176,073 4?; Coin certificates
$10,266,900.
*now Keport.
The Signal office report? enow this morning
at Omaha, and at five o’clock thia evening at
Corinne, Utah; and Duluth on the Lakes.
HORRIBLE BCrCHERF,
Kurdertns a Family In Committing a
New Albany, lud., Nov. 13.—0n0 of the
most horrible deeds of blood ever perpetrated
was committed in Clarke county, three miles
east of Henryville, in this State, on Saturday.
The discovery wan made Sunday moi nine by a
neighbor. Cyrus M. Park, his wife Isabella,
and half grown son John, were found mur*
dered in their beds, in each case the bead being
split open as if bv an axe. Two daughters,
one aged nineteen and the other fourteen, were
found fearfully wounded,.and no doubt left by
the murderers for dead. One hundred and
ninety dollars were stolen. It is generally Be
lieved that two white men committed the deed.
The greatest excitement prevails at the scene
of the murder to-day, and detectives are busy
working up the case. The girls are still alive,
bnt it is thought will not recover.
BMW IORK CITY.
The Prince Alex's Committee U***tate
of Kxclfement*
New York, Nov. 13.—There is no news yet
of Prince Alexis, and the reception committee
are in a great state of excitement. No more
vessels have yet arrived, and it may be several
days yet before the Prince puts in an appear
ance.
POLITICAL GOSMP.
Just What’s ths Matter in Brooklyn. N.Y.
Brooklyn, N. Y., Nov. 13.—The Republican
special committee for the investigation of elec
tion frauds Is still in session. Testimony is
pouring in, and retained for future use. The
array of witnesses will be very heavy. It is
stated the committee will be able to establish
by undeniable evidence, the election of nearly
all the Republican city candidates.
TffLEGBAPMIO PKiUOIUU.
Gen. Sherman and Lt. Fred Grant sailed from
New York yesterday afternoon on the frigate
Wabash, on a European tour.
Tho following appointments wore made yes
terday by President Grant: R. C. Halton, col
lector for the Fifth District of Michigan; Rdwin
Kilbourne, Assessor for the First District of
PRESS ASSOCIATION.]
diana.
Iturued.
Kctob« ry.
Mississippi; R E. Chandler, Collector of the
Sixth DUtriotof Iowa; and J. O. Frick, Collec
tor of the Tenth District of Pennsylvania.
The Pare pa Opera Troupe were greeted in
Washington, D. C., last evening by the most
fashionable audience ever assembled in that
city.
The Rev. Dr. Lieber, of New York, address
ed a large meeting of Germans in Cincinnati
last evening, advocating the establishment of
German daily Christian papers in all large ci
ties.
J. H. Ingersoll, well known in Gotham politi
cal circles, but just now very unpopular with
the victorious reformers, still avoids arrest by
keeping out of the county. He is booked, at
present, at Orange, N. J.
Secession Humors tn the Hanks of the
Associated *-resa.
Cincinnati, 0., Nov. 13.—The following is a
special to the Timet and Chronicle this evening;
JFasAfaj/ton, D. C„ Nov. 13.—The Chlcsgo
Tribune and Timet, the Cincinnati Commercial,
and tho St. Louis Republican, are preparing a
plan to sever themselves from the Associated
Press and form an independent association.
Weather Frobnblllt'es.
Washington, D. C., Nov. 13.-7:30 p. m.—
An extensive area of low pressure will prob
ably develop from Mississippi, advancing
northeastward over the Lower Lakes by Tues
day evening, preceded to-night by brisk north
and west winds south and west of Illinois.
Threatening weather with rain will probably
extend very generally on Tuesday along the
Atlantic coast, with falling barometer and
northeast winds veering to southeast. Increas
ing southerly winds are probable on the Lower
Lakes, and brisk northwesterly winds on Lake
Michigan and the Louisiana coast. Cautionary
signals are ordered this evening at New Or
leans, Mobile, Milwaukee, and Chicago.
Flashes Helatlo* to Crime.
The murder of the girl Leehan in Boston,
continues to attract attention, put the inquest
has thus far tailed to reveal anything tending
towards the discovery of the perpetrator of the
foul deed.
Ellery E.' Daniell, the Webster National
Bank defaulter, bad his trial in the United
States District Court at Boston, yesterday,
when he plead guilty, and was sentenced to im
prisonment for five years in Dedham jail.
John O’Brien, aged twenty years, was placed
on trial in the Court of General Sessions in
Now York, yesterday, for the murder of Chas.
Casey in a liquor saloon in Rosevelt street
some time ago. O’Brien’s counsel put in a
plea of manslaughter, and the prisoner was
sentenced to the State Prison for four years at
hard labor.
6E)EIUL NOTES.
The wife of Mr. Blaine presented the Speaker
with a thirteen pound girl baby on Sunday
morniug, Oct. 31.
Ristori, the ahtress. has lately sold her
handsome villa, near Florence, to a Russian
nobleman, for $250,000.
The “Pilgrim’s Progress” has been transla
ted into Chinese, and one of the illustrations
represents Christian with a pigtail.
A New York newspaper correspondent says
his “very soul was coiled up in horror” by a
certain incident of the Chicago fire.
A recently deceased Communist prisoner
confessed on his death-bed that he was the one
who fired at Louis Phillippe in 1832.
When Horace Greeley is asked what kind of
music he prefers, he answers “The song of the
harvest; three beets to the measure.”
A man died in Southington, Ct., on Friday,
who had for several years kept his coffin in his
house and had his grave clothes prepared.
RA benevolent man down South takes care
that no hungry beggar shall leave hie door
without a bite—by ke< ping a cross mastiff.
They stimulate oxep to pull, at Columbus,
Ga.. by suspending a cat by the tail over tbe
backs of the patient animals.
The St. Louis girls have profited by the ex
perience of one of their number who dislocat
ed her nock while resisting a kiss.
A cargo of ninety tons of ice, sent to India
by the Suez Canal, had melted away to four
tons when it reached its destination.
One of the Woodhull’s correspondents signs
herself: "Yours, tbelemically, pan tagruel is ti
cs lly, pantisocratlcally.”—Sho, now I
A negro convict in the South Carolina State
prison was killed lest week by the barbarous
punishment known as the shower bath.
It is stated that whenever the King of Slam
feels like having a little field sport, bo shoulders
bls rifle and "goes” for the missionaries.
The only man who writes “M. C.,” at both
ends of hie name, is Hon. M. C. Kerr, Member
of Congress from the Second District of In
diana.
One of "our young girls.” at an examination
in grammar, recently, when asked why the
noun bachelor” was singular, blusbingly
answered: "Because it is so very singular they
don’t get married.”
A New York thief stole >l5O worth of raw
silk from an upholstery establishment, but
afterwsrds returned it with a note to the follow
ing effect: "This is no good; I cannot get any
thing for it; it is yours.”
FIRE BUGB AT WORK IN BOSTON.
Incendiaries are at work in Boston. The la
test, moat daring, and extenaive attempt in the
incendiary line is that which occurred in tbe
“Hub" Saturday, on Tremont street, when a
furniture warehouse was fired. A great train
of combustible material was discovered, but
fortunately tbe deep laid plane of tbe incendi
ary were but partially successful, the damage
to tbe building being between >5,000 and >4,000.
Tbe Boeton Journal of last evening eaye that
tn accordance with tbe proviai-me of the Act of
MB7, Chief Engineer DamrelJ baa petitioned the
Justices of the Municipal Court to appoint six
discreet and Judicious men to investigate tbe
circumstances connected with the origin of the
fire.
Buall-Pox.—Wo hear of no new cases to-day,
and tbe flag was thio morning removed from
tbe Hamilton House on Bridge street, where
tbe disease flm made its appearance, tbe eases
having entirely roooverod and tbe house swept
sad garnished.
Tun two days’ norther has given place to
calm, pleasant weather to-day.
November 11.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., IVESDAY, NOVEMBER 14 1871.
LOCAL N&WB.
The Merchant Venice.
Tbe theatre-goers of Providence have been
invited to uutneroud and varied entertainments
since tbe opening of the present season, and
have responded by that generous patronage
which ia their custom. But, among tbe vari
ety of performances which have been present
ed, no such nttractlon ns tbnt nnuounoed for
last evening, at the Opera House, has been
offered. For the first time for a long period, a
Shakespearian drama—the Merchant of Venice
—was to be given, and, as a novelty upon
Providence boards, tbe difficult character of
Shylock, the demon incarnate of avarice and
bigoted hate, was to be personated by a female
A wish to see and hear such a "new depar
ture” from the ordinary routine of theatrical
exhibitions, drew out a first-class audience,
filling the Opera House to overflowing. Mrs.
Macready is said to be the only lady who has
over attempted to play th» part of Shy lock; but
it was rendered by her in a manner that evinced
a thorough famlliar'ty with the text, a critical
appreciation of the character, and the talent of
the trained and accomplished elocutionist, in
line, it may safely be said that no lady could
have acted Shylock better. The dramatic tal
ent or Alice Placidc. as Portia, was shown
throughout tbe piece. The cbooelng
of the casket, and the trial of Antonio,
personated by Mr. Alfred Knight, were effec
tive scenes. Mies Anita Harris, as Jessies,
and Mr. Joseph Sefton as Launcelot, wore ex
cellent in their parte; and, in tact, the principal
actors were well supported by the rest of the
talented company generally. The mualo was
most acceptably furnished by Brown A Reeves’
Orchestra. To-night the oomedy of Masks and
Faces will bo givon.
Henry Ward Beecher's Lecture.—The
sale of reserved scats and evening tickets will
commence at eight o'clock this morning at
Cory Brothers’ music store. Mr. Beecher gen
erally appears upon our lecture platform in
Providence' once a year. This time he comes
lor the Young Men’s Christian Association,
and everybody who can gain admittance into
Music Hall ought to hear him.
The Braun Autoiycm.—This art collec
tion, which it was expected would close to
night, will remain until Thursday next, owing
to the increasing demand for them. The col
lection is attracting the attention of our best
citizens, and their liberal parchases attest ths
merits of tbe same. We apprehend that but
few really appreciate the merits of these Auto
types. They are real ait gems, and though but
representations oi the originals, rise to the dig
nity oi Art and afford a means to gratify taste
and a love of the beautiful. There are the
magnificent creations of Michael Angelo, Ra
phael, Andrea del Sarto, Ghirlandjo, the Ca
racal, Titian, Albert Durer, Rubens,
Benvenuto Cellini, Ghiberti, and many
others whoso pencils were inspired and who
have left works which will be the pride of
all time. These works are far away and can
not be possessed only in the form they now
are. Tbe autotypes include both painting and
statuary, and as one looks upon them, he secs
the genius which wrought out masterly re
sults. Besides these are numerous modern
scenes of notable objects In Europe, affording
an opportunity for one to possess exquisite
views, not readily obtainable. All in all, the
Braun Autotypes are exponents of high art,
embalming the glories of the past and putting
them within the reach of all. In several cities
purchases have been made by nubile in
stitutions, designing to form a gallery, and
through the works to cultivate the public taste
and conserve tbe purposes of art. Why cannot
the same be done in Providence; it would be a
move in tbe right direction, for in tbe whirl ot
business tbe nsithetlc should not be over
looked.
CITY GOVI-Dtnwi&hT.
Messing of the Bnard of Aldermen.
The Board of Aidermen met at three o’clock
yesterday afternoon. The special committee
on the Point Street Bridge was granted further
time to prepare a report, and a resolution was
passed discharging all persons employed on
the structure in sny capacity, excepting watch
men. The Inspector ot Steam Boilers made his
monthly report. The weekly report of tbe
Dexter Asylum showed 103 Inmates. Tbe Chief
of Police called the attention of tbe Board to
building operations in violation of law. Eat
ing bouse licenses were granted to William R.
Format on Market Square and H. U. Sleffelin
on High street. Granta to locate steam boilers
were made to Oliver J hnann A Co., on Eddy
street, N. D. Payne on Dyer street, and
Edward Pearce on Friendship street. Several
notices of intention to build were received.
The committee having under consideration the
claims of the city against F. W. A D. Cheney,
for tbe expense of Doyle avenue, was dis
charged. J. H. Norcross was allowed >72 for
nine days’ work al the Point street Bridge.
Tbe removal of obstructions from several
streets was considered, and action was taken
in reference to petitions for damages to prop
erty caused by overflow of water. Dr. E. M.
Snow's sixteenth annual report of births, mar
riages and deaths in tbe city for the year 1870,
was received and ordered printed. The Ar
cade Corporation had leave to oj>en sidewalk
In front of new building on Weyboseet street.
Tbe -following communication from His
Honor tbe Msyor was read and received, and
the subject matter referred to tbe Water Com
missioners
Mayor’s Office,
Citv of Providence, Nov. 13,1871.
Genftemrn of the CUy Council:
I have received from the committee appointed
to construct a newer on North Mein street, a
communication io relation to the condition of
the catch basins attached to said sewer. Il is
abeolntelv necessary that these basins
should be examined after every rain
tall, >nd cleaned as soon ae any
considerable deposit of earth has been
made therein, and this rule should be observed
with reference to all our sewers similarly eoo
struoted. A great number of cults are now
pending against the city for oefoottvo newer
sgo. and Ills not wise to invito others by our
■egleet to keen the sowers etaaa and flt for the
purpose for which they wore built. 1 would
suggest that tbe Water Board bo empowered
to take charge of all tbe sewers constructed
under their supervision, had attend io their
cleaning and repairing. The sewerage of the
city should be under the care of thw depart
ment watch controls the water supply, for tbe
reason that the force ,ot engineers and workmen
constantly employed by that department can
perform the duties connected with' the sewer
age better than, any odur employ o<m of (he
City-
I forward the communication of the com
mittee herewith, and invite prompt action
thereon.
Thomas Dot lb, Mayor.
The following communication was road and
received:
MAYOR'S OrriCE,
CITY OF IROVIDKNCB, NOV. IS, 1871.
of (As City Council'.
The introduction into tnis city of a supply of
pure water ia of sufficient Importance to deserve
recognition by public services. I thereloru
recommend the appointment of a committee to
make arrangement* for a proper celebration of
the event at an eatly day.
Thomas A. Doyle, Mayor.
On motion of Alderman Coggeshall, it reso
lution was passed and committee appointed,
consisting of His Honor the Mayor and Aider
men Coggeahall aud Brayton to make the pros
per arrangements for a celebration In acooru
auoe with the recommendation of the Mayor,
and the committee was authorised to draw
upon the€ity Treasurer lor the expenses at
tending the same.
The following communication from His
Honor the Mayor was read, received, and re
ferred to the standing committee ou the lire
department:
Mayor's Office,
City of Providence, Nov. 13,1871. i
Gentlemen of fka dig Council:
It la highly probable that the long desired
supply of waler will be flowing through the
pi>»ca in our streets sometime during the pres
ent month, and the Water Commissioners hope
to have upwards of sixty-flve hydrants ready
tor use before the winter weather snail in
terfere with their im|>ortan. work It
Is evident that with this number of
hydrants and a certain supply of water tor
them, it will, be necessary to reorganise the Are
department. 1 recommend that such changes
be made in the Ordinance establishing the fire
department as will provide for the establish
ment of hose companies, and the withdrawal
from active service of one or more steamers to
be htld In reserve for any emergency which
may arise.
I have heretofore called the attention of the
City Council to the uecessity ol a change in
the Statute relative to the erection
of wooden buildings in the compact
portion of the city. As real estate Increases
in value and rents advance, owners of vacant
lands are tempted to erect cheap structures of
wood, totally regardless of the serious danger
from fire they are causing to nelghboi Ing prop
erty and the city at large. A notable instance
of this Is seen on Pine street, between Rich
mond and Chestnut streets, where a wooden
building three stories in bight, is being erected
between two dwelling houses, and within five
feet of each of them. This building Is to be
used, it Is understood, for a blacksmith and
carriage making shop.
The present statute Is entirely Inadequate to
prevent this ciass of buildings from being
erected, and I earnestly hope that yon will
make application to the General Assembly, at
the beginning of the next session, for such
change in the law as will effectually prevent
the erection of wooden buildings from the
compact and business portion of the city. The
recent destruction of the business portion of
Chicago should Impel us to use all the moans
at our command to prevent a similar calamity
here. Our chief security, heretofore, has been
In the open space surrounding our buildings.
If we suffer these to be occupied by large
wooden structures we shall deserve to be
severely punished lor our folly.
Thomas A. Doyle, Mayor.
Sundry complaints presented by the Chief of
Police against parties for selling liquor on Sun
day, were taken up, and after considerable
time occupied in hearing witnesses, the li
censes of Henry Turbltt, 834 Atwell's avenue,
Peter G. Norton, lot Prairie venue, Henry
McGee, Atwell's avenue, and F. Hacket, A 4
Acorn street, were revoked. A number of
other complaints of a similar character were
continued till November SOth.
After an Informal discussion Alderman flrav
ton, Angell and Snow were appointed k com
mittee to confer with persons engaged within
the limits of the city in the business nf slaugh
tering cattle with a view of ascertaining on
what terms they will dispose of their real es
tate and retire to the location set apart by the
city for the conduct of their business.
The City Solicitor was directed to bring an
action in the Court of Common Pleas against
the Providence and Worcester Railroad Com
pany for the non-oonstnictlon of the Orms
Street Bddge the full width ot the street, as re
quired for law.
After two Ineffectual efforts to elect a Cove
Land Commissioner, as the Board was about
to adjourn a third ballot was taken, when Mr.
George H. Corliss was the successful ccmpeti
tor.
Sundry reference* were made, and the Board
adjourned to meet on Wednesday afternoon at
three o’clock.
The Coamo* Council
met last evening, the President, Mr. Aldrich,
in the chair.
Ths City Treasurer’s monthly report was re*
celved: Appropriated, 01 .Ml) 40145; expended,
6fl: balance, 11,(05.817 HO,
A veto message was received from His Honor
the Mayor in reference to the Greenwich and
Pablic street public fountains.
The monthly report of the Harbor Master
was received. Number of arrivals subject to
the one dollar tax. 110.
The death of Stephen Waterman, Btq., was
officially announced to th* Council by Mr. Bln*
ney, the senior member from the Second Ward,
who spoke of the integrity and strength or
character of the deceased. The following reso
lution* were presented and adopted unani
mously
Jtesolved, That this Council has heard with
profound regret of the death of Stephen Water
man, one oflto most honored members.
ffesotoed, That by his early death the Second
Ward lose* an able and influential repreeenta
tlve, the city an honest and energetic cttlxen.
and every good interest a faithful, fearless and
conscientious supporter.
Kttolwd, That the Council ofler to the family
of the deceased Its profound and respectfol
sympathy Io their great loss, and that the Presi
dent be requested to convey to them its expres
sion of sorrow, and that the clerk transmit
to them a copy of these resolutions.
Mr. Waterman offered a resolution request
ing an election on or before November Bb. to
fill the vacancy made by the death of Mr.
Waterman.
The pay roll of unconfirmed policemen,
amounting to $159 50, for October, was ordered
to be paid.
Hon. Wo. Blaney was elected Cove Land
Commissioner.
A resolution was passed maklag an appro
priation ot tl« for burial expenses of the late
Chief of Pol ice Gross.
Action on the Mayes's veto, read early ia the
evening, having been indefleitoly postponed, a
resolution brought forward by Mr. Boot was
passed, whereby Mr. Lyman Arnold’s great of
a tot of land to the atty was accepted, and MOO
appropriated to toeato a drinking fountain on
eafif find/aad to bo connected with the city
water works.
PRICE ONE CENT.
A report was reed from the Baud of Engi
neers recommending the purchase of two new
Ire engines, two now hose carriages, and 8000
of Ul engines to take the
place of Old No. 3, and the other to be held as a
The resolution appropriating gio, 000 for the
building of boll towers for tbs use of the fire
department was called from the table, read and
Thorosolutiou ‘■‘rodeoed by Mr. Blnney, In
regard to the vacancy made by the death of
Stephen Waterman, naased.
Messrs. Blaney, Van Slyok and N. F. Potter.
Jr., were appointed a committee on water
"works.
Adjourned to Monday evening, Nov. 90C
The vewmterfotter <V«ppe<i tn Rhode
Island.
In thia paper of yesterday, we made note of
the arrest in this city of a noted counterfeiter
by the detectives of the Government Secret Ser
vice under the load of Col. Whitley. The ar
rest was made on Wednesday last, and he was
committed to make appearance betorc a United
States Commissioner, which appearance was
made yesterday morning before U. 8. Com
missioner F. A. Daniels, when the prisoner
waived examination, was held to ball In the
sum of 84000 for his appearance before the U.S,
Circuit Court at the November term, and In de
fault ot the proper sureties, was again com
mitted. The man, who goes uniter the name of
John P. Couch, but has had several aliases
under which ha worked for convenience, was
made the special oh|oct for the attention
of our reporter yesterday and the following
M PORTRAIT of the prisoner
will without doubt interest the reading public:
In stature ha is about six foot, but not broad
across the shoulders, In proportion. Hie gen
eral a upoaranne as he sat by the warm fire In
the District Attorney's office would Indicate
that the man was an ordinary mechanic, a
casual observer who might see him would least
suspect among a number ot prisoners that this
msn was whet a rngue would call ''smart* and
least of all that he would ba the man to enter
Into a business requiring the mechanical skill
or necessary cunning to operate with any de
gree ot success, as that of a manufacturer or
dealer In counterfeit currency, a closer look
however, attracts attention to the eyes the
movements of which arc spasmodic, casting at
times a long glanoe without a wins and then
roving in the deep e"t sockets with seemingly
sparkling fltshss. Ths ryes are dark, the real
color being hardly discernable In the light
In which he eat. The forehead Is neither
high nor low, but quite broad. The
head Is large, and covered with a heavy
growth of dark hair inclining to curl. 'Hie
face la nearly covered by an immense beard
and heavy mustache, quite dark, though
tinged sufficiently with gray to give it the ap
pearance of a light and early frost. Thin, flrm
Ups and a Roman nose but for a very alight
Inclination to the aquiline, make up the picture
of a man who appears as nothing extraordina
ry, though really possessed ol genius In the
interest of wrong doing.
A WOMAN in his company
yesterday morning prevail to be his wife,and the
two were earnestly engaged In conversation
while the business of the morning was being
Croceeded with. The conversation appeared
be pleasing to them In many respects, and
the parties wore countenances anything but
serious moat of the time. Her appearance In
dicated a struggle against fata sometime tn llfo,
which had resolved her spirit Into future dis
regard of worldly vicissitudes.
THE CAPTURE OF THE MAN
la really a meritorious work, and Col. Whitley
has something to be proud of In hla detective
circle, and can congratulate himself upon the
fact of his displaying a generalship in deploy
ing hla force throughout New Rugland with a
result culminating so speedily In success for
the government,
The Organ Concert.
We are beginning to regret that the organ
concerts are limited in number to twenty, ao
enjoyable are they; and, judging trom the re*
gularltv with whinh almost the aame audienco
assemblesevery Ratarday afternoon at Music
Hall, we are confluent that we are not not alone
in feeling that an hour passed In listening to
Mr. Carter haa become nticeaaary to a pleasant
clone of the wetdt.
A remarkably flne orohestral effect was pro*
duced by the combinations employed In the
grand overture to “Egmont;” and in that
na In many compoaltlona written for or
chestras Mr. Carter’s akillfal man
agement haa done a great deal
towards supplying the effmt of Instruments,
Of all the selections we were moat pleased with
the Canzonetta” from flrat quartette by Men
delssohn, one of the m»st exquisite of that la*
mented composer’s, seemingly inexhaustible
wealth of beautiful fancies. Next In Interest
was the Adagio” from second Sonata by Mer
kel, a delightful movement well plaved. The
movement from “Quartet In O minor” had In It
all the characteristics of Apohr, bat Impressed
us less than his writings usually do. Between
Nos. fl and T Mr. Carter plaved the andante trom
Haydn’s Symphony In K flat to complete the
hour, and closed with the “Zaotpa” overture,
taking it up In very rapid tempo and playing it
with corresponding brilliancy. Among the
advertisements will be found too music to be
Krfonned at the next concert. The ordinary
kets are not available, but may be
ed on payment of twenty-tire cente. The
honee Is reeerred. and in secure the beet seats
an early call at Uorv’a la neeessary. The laet
rehearsal for the chorne will be la the Benefi
cent church on Friday erenin* at 7JO with Mrs.
Smith.
Fawtaehet.
Suodbw Dnaru.-Assin we are called upon
to chronicle the sudden death of one of our
oitlsens, Mr. James M. Taft, who wae. until
within a flew month*, a well known thread
manufacturer. Mr. Taft proceeded to hl* homo
on Church Hill soon after twelve o’clock, yes
terday, in apparent good health, and went Into
the cellar, a* waa bl* curt-rm, to regulate the
fire In th* fnrnsoe. He had been below leae
than five minute* when hl* daughter ran down
to apeak to him, finding him in a sitting posture
in front of the furnace with bl* head inclined
downward*. Her cries brought her mother to
Ihe spot, who at once comprehended the situa
tion and raised her husband’* bead to ascertain
If he were living; but the vital spark had fled.
Hl* son, and a young man who was in the
house, conveyed him up stair*, and Dr. Clapp
was immediately summoned, who pronouncod
lite extinct, and announced heart disease aa
the cause. Mr. Taft having suffered from that
complaint for the past two year*. Ho leave* a
number of children, three of whom reside In
thi* place. He was a kind husband and an In
dulgent father. He was somewhat over sixty
year* of ago. The sadness of hl* death io made
the more apparent when we say ho was about
the street* during the torenoon in excellent
spirits, and had not complained once of feeling
unwell. The writer of thio wae conversing
with him about flvo minutes past twelve, and
gave him a message fbr hie fhmily. which waa
destined never to bo delivered. In leno than
twenty mlnutee ho wns a corpse, and within
the space oi two hours wo saw the Inantmato
form of the man whom wo loft alive and aeftia,
arrayed tai the solemn habiliments of the grave.
His funeral will take place at Mo Into ran Mmi st
on Church Hl.l, Wednesday afternoon, al half
past eno o’clock.
Mov.lt,