PATTY PRESS*
PORTLAND* foi
__...- to
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER VI, 18T1. of
Grnni sad Viclovy. 01
If the Republican* only would throw Grant a
aside the Democials would not be utterly p
hopeless. Graut can he re elected. The jj
blindest political mole sees that. And it is
morally certain that the patty from the prin- 4
ciples of which he has never swerved will r,
make him its standard-bearer a second time 0
rather than take a man whom they can prob-
ably elect, but who would ini roduce the ele-
m»nt of uncertainty into the canvass. It
seems likely that the Republican ascenden-
cy is now so complete that even Horace
Greeley might be elected —aud a very good
President hi would make, too, if it were not
for his extravagance on the subject of pro
tection. But Graut, with equal honesty of
purpose and greater experience, will make a
better one. A Grant in hand is a good deal
better than the tamest Greeley in the most
accessible bush. Colfax, if nominated, would
be almost ceitipu to succeed. But, accord
ing to Colfax’s own declaration, Gen. Grant
is a better President, than Colfax would make
aud is already virtually re elected by tlie peo
ple who have disclosed their opinions by vot
ing the Republican ticket at the October and
November elections.
In re-nonunatiug Grant, the Republicans
will do the thing which more than any other
the Democracy dread, Opposition to the re
nomination of Grant by the Republicans is
the oue thing on which the Democratic press
is now united. Is it patriotism or self-inter
est that accounts for this unanimity If they
believed, as they affect to, that he cannot in
any event he elected, would they take such
trouble to compel his withdrawal in favor of
a better man who can be
If Graut were to be abandoned, the opposi
tion party would uqt tiud it difficult to make
combinations that would leauimate their
forces, if nothing more. Now their demoral
ization, as they see the Republican cohorts
closing in upon them as surely aud remorse
lessly as the Union army closed in upon Lee
at Petersburg, is apparent in a hundred ways.
It is apparent iu nothing more clearly than
in the numberless plans that are proposed (or
getting out of the Slough of Despond into
whjfffi they have fallen. Here are a few of
the propositions:
To stand by the old white flag of the Bour
bons. Most ol our Maine Democratic jour
nals faver this course.
To take a frssh “new departure”uext ar,
and try to make it more general. We should
think the Maine Standard and the “Young
Democracy” ot Portland might properly be
assigned to this class.
To nominate a very clean, unobjectionable
Democrat, if oue can be found, hoping to at
tract disaffected Republicans.
To give up tryiug to elect a Democrat, and
make a desperate bid (or Republican support
by nominating a very conservative man, nom.
inally belonging to the latter party. This
seems to be the favorite method with tlie
leading Democratic papers ol the country.
To make no nomination at all, hoping that
the Republicans may leel strong enough
to quarrel aud divide, thus giving the De
mocracy an opportunity to form an alliance
with the least liberal whig.
But the Republicans need fear the effect of
none of these quack remedies, so long as
‘‘Grant and vicloiy’’is their watchword.
A Few Bette, rations.
It will not do for our friends to presume too
much on our “unconditional surrender.”_
Falsehood is not by any means one of tlio
sins to which we have owned. Is it Hon. F
O. J. Smith that writes thus in the course of
a closely-printed two-column article in the
Argus
To misrepresent deliberately may be a
merit in the esteem of some men aiming onlv
at sensationals. But to misrepresent foolish
ly, against the common knowledge of all
around, is the vilest aud basest of all repre
sentations, and most devoid of all excuse.
What else was i‘, aud which was it, when
tue same editorial says:
“The old man, who has complained bitter
ly in bis later years of the pebbles and snow
balls of mischievous urchins, &c.”
Who ever heard of, or saw such depravity as
is so charged upon the urchins of Poit'and?
_ It will be difficult to make any citizen of
Portland believe in such a slanderous stue
ment respecling both the dead and living.—
fI housands can recall their own observations
of the perfect and marked security, devoid of
alllear and suspicion ot barm, with which
Mr. Morgan bore his aged limbs and person
through our streets from early dawn to the
long hours of night, at all seasons of the year
and for many sueeessive years. There is
scarcely a citizen ol any grade of character or
sensibility, unless it he the editor alluded to,
who,on witnessing an offence committed upon
Mr. Morgan, ol the character charged, would
not have pursued the offender with condign
punishment, and with the first impulse of
hanging him to the nearest lamp post I
“Misrepresent foolishly!” What does the
man mean ?—has he taken leave ot his senses
Does not be, as well as everybody else, re
member distinctly Mr. Morgan’s own letters'
written to the papers not long ago in which
he complained piteously of the annoyances
to which we have referred? One may easily
satisfy himself on this point by visiting Mr
Morgan’s late abode, aud counting the num
ber of unbrokeD panes. It was not long since
that an inroad was made on the very room
where Mr. Morgan lived, a Window broken,
and sticks, stones aud dirt thrown into the
old man’s bed. If, therefore, any special ig
nominy attaches to “foolish misrepresenta
tion,” the correspondent of the Argus mast
be in a most ;unenviable position, especially
as he speaks as follows in the course of the f
same article from which we have quoted: 1
I am, however, yet to learn, why it was
that our aged and impoverished fellow-citizen
was not in his life-time visited by any ot the
the fruits ot the (Masonic) Fraternity, and
most especially, why it was, that at his death
he was not honored by any of the funeral re-
spects of the Older? i
Was it because he had for years been seeu
to be treated wiib neglect by the, mutual ad-
miration classes of good society in this city, 1
to whom his own nobility,'derived from na
ture’s God alone, would never permit him to 1
pay obsequious liomaee from any motive of 1
fear, favor, or affection (i
Such a conclusion would be at war with the r
acknowledged attributes of tha Masouic in- i
ueuee mis neglect ot a truly r
historic man in his poverty by such plighted
associates needs explanation, and the public
have a right to expect it iroin some source 1
authorized to speak. 1
The very last time we ever had any con-
▼ersation with Jonathan Morgan, he volun a
tarily bore emphatic testimony to the gener- E
osity with which lie had been treated by liis 1
brethren of the Masonic fraterity. Embitter- 1
ed as he was against all the world beside, and
acknowledging on that occasion his v
indebtedness to no one else, he j
expressed himself warmly on the t,
subject of Masonic benevolence. Mr.
Smith, of all men in the world, has the s.
least reason to reproach himself on account d
of anything that Mr. Morgan wanted or suf- f<
fered. He, at least, exercised practical benev. 1
olence toward him. Why need lie “foolishly,” ‘I
it seems to us—misrepresent others?
The Herald not to be beaten by tbe World n
as a political Munchausen goes one better
and says Senator Scliurz, Speaker Blaine
and Gen. Butler are supposed to be con- 11
coding some political conspiracy at the
Fifth Avenu* Hotel where they are all so- d
Jiourmng and “it is rumored” says the Herald
-,<s that Senator Conkling is expected to join W
them soon.”’1 If,” continues the Ueurld “the
consultation means anything at all—and it is
hard if three such men cannot happen under s'
the same roof without cxciiiog apprehensions Y
of a dire conspiracy amoDg our patriotic peo- sc
pie—it means that the friends of General <c
Grant aie lakiog the most reasonable and ei
likely means of binding up the wounds that 41
disable the republican majority in Congress.” 11
A Shaft of Dnrkama. a*
Mn. EniToit,—A champion of the Maine °t
Central Railroad,evidently representing those
who constitute the majority of the Di
rectors of that corporation, hag. in an ar- m
voifr >'“st'rda?’8 Fbkss, in reply to in
Ui*TTr"tnd’ kiu,lly i,lformed lhe 5S
commodation, “h- .W*at a,nount of ac‘
the policy of tiiatctSrv “a
reasonably entitled to expect y are falr|y aud ve
that Ibis great raiiroad," ntxm whtd 1fic
more than three-fourths ot thest'ate j,110 P>
pendent for connection by railroad^i'ults K
principal commercial city, furnishes the f0| a 1
lowing connection in the forenoon between po
that city aud the rest of the State. 1. Oj,?_ e*
ward; A freight traiD, with a passenger car se
icbed. and together known as a “mixed
in,” leaves Portland every morning at the T
ivenieut and agreeable hour of six o’clock
Bath, Augusta and the intermediate b
vns, moving at the very satisfactory speed
some 12 miles per hour. This is all the ll
liu by which a Portland merchant, ship-
liter, or manufacturer having business at
ahum, Lewiston, Winthrop, lteadfield,
irmington, Waterville. Skowhegan, Bangor, e
exter. Belfast, llockland, Waldoboro, Ac.,
c which it is important that he should be t
lie to transact upon that day,so that lie may i
■turn home at night, can leave home before
ue o’clock P. M. And this tram takes him
no one of the places above named, or to 1
ery many other important towns on the line
f the Maine Central road. It is enough for
’ortland if hei people can only go to Augus
a in the forenoon by a train which is some
ix hours upon the road! As to reaching Lew
ston and Auburn, with their 25.000 ii.l.abi
ants and only 35 miles dislant, what need is
here of that before three o’clock P. M.! Do
rains from Boston arrive there before that
ime? And what right has Portland to reich
Lewiston before Boston ,\Vhat right lias the
I’ekss. or the Argus to be distributed in
Lewiston, Readfield, Waterville, Skowhegan,
Dexter, Bangor, Ac., in anticipation of the
Boston Advertiser or the Boston I3ostt
IVhat sense is there in enabling these papers
if our own State to enjoy the advantages
ivhich the laws of geography give them?
IVbat right has a Portland man to complain
hat it takes him parts of two days to go to
Lewiston aud return, so loug as a Boston
nan cannot make the round trip quicker
Lb an he caD
Your correspondent answers that it is im
practicable to ruu a passenger train fiom
Portland in the morning to Bangor— 13S
miles—and return the same day. Let us see.
A tram leaving Portland at 7 A. M., making
the same time, or about the same, that is
made upon the 1 o’clock train, would reach
Bangor at 1 P. M.,—a train leaving Bangor
at 4 P. M. could easily reach Portland at 10
convenient to Portland, Bangor, and the in
termediate towns, and could not fail, after
becoming "‘fixed fiacts,” and well understood,
Lo he profitable. The morr.iDg train from
Portland would take passengers lo Lewiston
Wiotlirop, Waterville, &c., as welt as to the
farther east, aud would enable people re
siding in Waterville, Newport, Dexter, &c.,
to go to Bangor at 1 o’clock P. M. and lo le
turn-at 4. Thus hetweeu Portland,.and Lew
iston on the one end, and Bangor audjWater
ville, on the other, there would grow up very
certainly, a large local or way business. The
afternoon train from Bangor would bring
out to the towns within 50 miles, the
many passengers who went to Bangor
by the local, early morning train, as
well as those who went by the train
that left Portland at 7 o’clock in the morn
ing and Waterville at about 11 o’clock. It
would, also, in addition to passengers to Port
land from Baugor and the intermediate
places, take passengers Irom all the towns this
side ol Waterville for Boston by the Pull
man train the same night. This would
give Lewistou the benefit of the Pullman
train. It might be lound convenient to at
tach a Pullman car to this train at Lewiston.
If thD should bo done, as the car would be
detained in Portland for two or three hours
until the arrival of the night train via Au
gusta, it would be a convenient car for Port
land passengers, who could euter it at 10 P.
M. instead of being obliged, as they now are
to leave their homes alter midnight, a most
inconvenient hour to go to or return from
ears, although your pe—Q—liar correspond
ent seems to think it a good enough hour for
Portland passengers. The same car, returned
to Lewiston, might be attached to the morn
ing train. So, the bugbear of impracticabil
ity disappears upon examination. Certainly,
it is a poor compliment to Portland to say
that, she is not of sufficient importance to
need or require "ordinary railroad trains con
necting her with the surrounding country
until one o’clock in the afternoon. When
the people of Portland are told by the Maine
Central road that a mixed train at, C o’clock
to Augusta aud Bath, is all that they
need aud all that they shall have, and
when they quietly «=ent to this they
need not be surprised if people elsewhete put
the same estimate upon their city and its
prospects that they do themselves.
2d. Inward: Tour correspondent, as if
in part admitting that there would be some
ground of complaint as to outward trams, if
they were of any value to the city, says it is
more important to inquire “whether the road
gives suitable opportunity for getting into
Portlaud.” Here Us treads upon ground
where he is strong, and he announces with an
air of triumph that the people of Augusta
Bath anil Lewiston, and the towns this side
of them can now reach Portland before nine
o’clock iu the morning I But of all the rest of
the people, north and east of us, of those re
siding iu Rockland, Belfast, Bangor, Waler
ville, ifcc., what of these? Either they do not
wish to come to Portland, or they ought not
.o come to Portland, or Portland does uot de
lire that they Bhould come. At any rate
Maine railroads should not concern them
ielves to facilitate communication between I
Maine towns.
Not only is the statement made in my for
ner communication, admitted—it is justified.
Portland therefore knows what she may ex
jeet from this road so far as the running of
rains upon it are concerned. Will your cor
espondent now inform her what are the
lassenger fares between the several stations
in that line and Boston and Portland, re
pectively; also what is the freight tariff be
ween such stations and there cities.
_O. P. C.
Hhlery of the Kitirry Navy Ifard.
Kitirkt, Nov, 15,1871.
The next man-of-war built in Portsmouth
ras the Congress, She was about the same
ize as the America, and is still in our navy.
.Vho were her builders, and iu what year she
ras lauuched, I have not been able to ascertain
ut probat ly about 1790. Iu consulting the
innals of Portsmouth, I find that iu Juna 18,
708, the Crescent, a frigate ot 32 guns, sailed
>r the Mediterranean. She was built at this
nrt, uuder tbo superintendence ot Col. James
laekett, and was considered to be one of the
nest specimens of naval architecture afloat,
he was a present from the United State* to
ie Dey of A’.giers, and cost about $300,000.
n 1800 the government purchased from Capt.
7m. Dennett, Ferna'd’a Island containing
oout 00 acres, for #5,.500, aud on this island the
avy yard was built. In 1813 Commodore
laac Hull was appointed as Commandant of
ie Yard, and under his direction the ship
Washington was built. Commodore Thomas
acdonough succeeded to the command of tbs
ard the following year, and Commodore Chas.
[orris relieved him in 1817. In 1823 Com
[orris was appointed one of the Commission
's of the Navr, and Captain Win. M. Crane
icceeded to the command of the Yard. Un
Jr his administration the Alabama, seventy
ur, and the Frigate Santee were commenced,
tuse vessels lav ou the stocks so loug that
my had tc be almost entirely rebuilt before
ley were launched. The Santee was launch- i
1 in 1880, and the Alabama in 18G3, and her
ame chauged to the Portsmouth.
THE STOIIM.
A severe easterly storm is now raging, and
ie tid* is higher than it has been for many
lars. A large fore and aft schooner came
if fill c* 11 n t.lia f>liinnrl frrvm il>a lrmos
out one o’clock, with her anchors down and
ant ashore on Pierce’s Island. About hall
hour after, a hermaphrodite brig came up
rough the narrows, and was run ashore in a
•oil cove on Pierce’s Island. The United j
ates steamer Speedwell, lyiug at the Navy 1
•rd, commenced steaming up as soon as the
hooner went ashore, and is now endeavoring
pud her ofl. Prom appearRcea tbe schoon- j
IS badly bilged, and unless the wind abates.
ere is but little hope of tbe steamer’s pulling c
!F °ft’ ____DcnpeB.
The Boston Transcript thus alludes to the
tempt of a few Republicans to organize an r
position to tbe re-nomination of President 11
•ant: I
rbe disgruntled section of the Republicans 2
t only proposes to select the Presidential
miuee of tbe dominant party, but it is rov
;ly coying with the Democrats for the op- 1
rtonity of selecting tbeir candidate. Will I
t oDe party suffice for the inordinate arnbi- v
n of these gentlemen? Good fortune is f
rdly ever fouud between two stools. An
lamantine” Democrat is not composed of
■y plastic material,and DOthingbut a miracle
ild convert him into a conservative Kepub
au. Jfet the effort is making to establish a
itical conglomerate, comprised io equal
rta of Conservative-Republicanism and
mocratic Coostitutional-Kukluxism. When L
l' representative of such political opposites tl
a be f°u,,d and a party consolidated to sup- tl
m, politicians will all have grown hon-
S South0!?,ny brtome a mere tradition, and 11
itiou of the Un?anPr0^e,0US a“d cullivaltJ
Manufactures Again.
i the Editor of the Press: I
The question of the day in Portland seems to t
t wbat shall we do to be saved—from decline l
business. Among tbe many good sngges- t
ons, that most important aud deserving of c
msideration is tbe establishing of mannfac- t
ires; aud herein appears to be tbe only hope
ir us in tbe future. But tbe establishing—sue- 1
pssful establishing—of manufacturing inter-
sis here will not be so easily consummated as
rany seem to thiuk. If tbe walls of Jericho I
id (all down at tbe blast of rams’ horus, it is
10 reason why we should expect to build up
ur industrial interests with a blast of truui
>ets, proclaiming to tbo world bow nice a
ilace Portland is (an incantroyeuible facl)or
Masting ol its magnificent harbor which was
bought to be the only oce ou tbe Atlautic
least where tbe Great Eastern could enter, or
jy brooding over tbe decline of its foreign com
merce. The times demand something more.
Giveu, that manufacturing is our only re
source and safety, all our energies should be
bent toward that end. Confidence is a plant
of slow growth, and tbe non-suecess of manu
lactures here may be said to have entirely de
stroyed confidence, nor will It bo easy to re
store it. This fact may as well be borne in
Ujind—tuccess is the test of merit. Tte world
worships success, There cau be, no doubt,
mauy kinds of faotorles established here,
which can succeed, more especially in lines
where tbe trausportation of tbe raw material
and manulaclured articles is not great. Where
ireigbt becomes a large item of expenso it op
erates seriously against this location because
of its remoteness from tbe great business cen
tres. Then, too, it will be better, nay, abso
lutely_neces*ary perhaps, to start tu a small
way and build up. It would be vastly more
easy to raise $20,000 than $200,000, and ten ea
tablisbments of tbe former capital would be
quite likely to yield more profit and ultimately
benefit tbe place much more than one of tbe
latter. Tbe ten small concerns if profitable
would be incentives to capitalists of limited
——in«m/ADA in like enterprises.
Your correspondent “O. D. C.” has a thrust
at tbe railways reaching Portland, aud is evi
dently disposed to tiud fault with tiie through
connections which be says reduces this place
to a mera flag station. Now railway and
steamboat companies do UQt essentially differ
from other corporations ill their business poli
cy. Their directors, like the directors in our
bauks aud oilier corporate bodies, are presum
ed to look to their tutu interests first, that is,
make paying dividends lor tbe stockholders.
It is their duty to do so, and tailing in this un
less for good cause, should be supplanted by
others.
There is a mutual relation existing between
the trade of Portlaail and the railways, and
you may rely upon the latter subserving tbe
interests of the former, if it can be to their prof
it to do so. O. P. C.” says the Grand Truok
can afford to send go.ids as cheaply at Boston
or New York can sb'p them. This may or
may not be a fact—more likely the latter.
Agaiu, “if tbe Grand Trunk would but adopt
a policy in regard to Portland aud Portland
business inch as tbe New York Central road
pursues iu respect to tbe trade of tbe eity of
New York, not only would our manufacturing
industries begin to prosper and new ones to be
established but our commerce in a twelve
month would be quadrupled.” That, twelve
month quadrupling is a trifie strong—possibly
be rnoautour present commerce is so narrow an
escape from nothing, that by any improvement
in that period of time it would be quadrupled.
But he errs iu assuming that the New York
Ceutral railroad ever pursued a policy prompt
ed solely by a desire to build up New York
city. So far as railway facilities that city has
always been at tbe mercy of three «.r four rival
laiiwaj mica vi UdfC UIWU^S DCtfJl
unreliable—sometimes low when their roads
would compete lor trade, sometimes very high
when they would combine together. No, the
New York Central lias ao more soul than any
railway entering Portland.
Portland needs capital and skilled labor for
the successful operation of the factories it is
felt are to be her salvation. At present there is
alack of both. Provide them, and with proper
effort our city will soon be able to rise from the
slough ol despcnd into which Blie now teems
fast sinking. Publicus.
Portland, Nov. 15 1871.
Vincent Colter’s Story.—A Washington
special to the Boston Advertiser* says that
Vincent Colyer addressed an audience in that
city Wednesday eveuing, giving an account of
his recent visit to Arizona and his experience
among the Apaches in that Territory. He
lately passed over the Prescott and Wicken
burg stage route and through the Kirkland
Valley, in which yeung Loring of Boston was
killed, and detailed at considerable length his
views in relation to that affair. He concedes
that the murder was probably done by Apache
Mojaves, who are very numeious in Kirkland
Valley. At the time Mr. Colyer passed the
tribe were greatly incensed over the unprovok
ed murder of ooe of their number at a ranche
in the uppor part of the valley, by a party of
three plundering white men who killed the
Indian in order to rob him of his Henry rifle:
tL« Itivl, btuw^lil Ojjc. jowJ
brought also the women and children flseiog
from the threatened revenge of the Indians.—
A large party of the Apaches, while passing up
the valley, were fired upon by the whites, and
from these affairs has grown the bitter hostili
ty which avenged itsell in the attack on the
stage and the murder ot Boring and his fellow
travellers. Beiore tbe news bl the tragedy
was ieeeived, Mr. Colyer had la d the facts of
the previous difficulty before the President,
who expressed the most positive desire that
the maraudiug and disturbing whites should be
pursued and punished. The greater part of
the Apache Mojaves, to whom the band who
assaulted tbe Prescott stage beloog, are now
on a reservation near Verdi, aud the others
will be transferred thither in the spring. Mr.
Colyer explained und auswered the charges
which have been made by his opponents rela
tive to his course while in Arizona, denying
that lie bad ‘‘floated” the Indian reservations
over the best lands in the Territory, or tiiat bo
had driven the miners seeking water from
Camp Grant. There are less than twenty
ranches on all the lands selected for ressrva
tions, to none ol which the owners had a legal
title from the government aud the party who
reported themselves seeking water to Camp
Grant weie a band of 175 armed whiles, Mexi
sans and Papogs Indians Irorn Tucson, on the
way to repeat the massacre of April, 1871.—
Nearly one hall of the eight thousand Apaches
in Arizona are now on the three reservations
lately assigned them, and it expects that 'he
greater part of the remainder will be cc '.Med
during the ensuing winter. Superintendent
Pope telegraphed from Santa Fe to day that
Cochise, tbe head chief of the Apaches, has
not left the Canada Alamoso reservation as io
ported, and that all is quiet in that vieinily._
Mr. Colyer’s audience numbered about fifty
aud included no officials of prominence.
A II orrid Affair.—A most horrid affair
took place at the Summit (Ohio) county In
firmary a few days ago, the details of which
liavo just been made public. One part of the
Infirmary is devoted to the insane, aud here,
arnoug the otkors, were two women, named
Ellen Bnyd and Laura Lyon. The forjier’s
madness was of an unruly type, but the latter
was mild and inoffensive. They occupied ad
joining cells. On last week Tuesday Ellen was
wasbiug clothes in the yard, when Superiu
tendeut Glines, who was sittiugin his office
near by. saw her give a sudden toss ol her
head and, breaking into an insane laugh, start
for the mad house. Lying ne ir the wood pile
was a common dull ax. This, ns sLe passed
along, she picked up aud carried with her.
suspoct'ng that some mischief was brerrinv
»ir. tr.uies quicaiy leit bis desk aud rau into
the yard. By tbe time be bad got there Ellen
bad returned to her wash tub aud was busily
sugared washing tlia ax. She was laughing
apparently, in great glee. Hastening with all
possible speed to tbe apartment, Mr. (ilinos
beheld a most horrible aim sickening sight.
Prostrate upon tbe floor, and weltering in her
blood, lay the uuforlunate Laura. Her body
bad beeu dragged about half way out of tbe
lell, and from two gashes in the top of her
boad and one directly back of the ear gushed
itreams ot,blood. Ot course the dangerous
woman, whose fiendish madness bad prompted
the deed, was quickly seized aun closely se
mred. Laura was attended promptly by skii
n' physicians, but nothing could be done to
tave her life.
Tub Grand Central Hotel, N. Y.—This
nagniticeot building, on Broadway, New York
las now been in running order lor about a
tear, uuJer tho proprietorship of Mr. H Lyman
i’owers, and during that short space of time
las achieved a reputation second to that of no
itber hotel in tbe country. Two years ol iu
lessant labor aud the expenditure of two mil
ions of dollars, tbe proprietor says, were re
juiredto complete aud furnish bis splendid
ind extensive marble palace, and tbe building
rears on its front the proof of it. Its immense
acade covers ftie site formerly occupied by
lix large edifices, colonnaded aud balustraded
ind towering six stories high, with a pavillion
d French roof rismg two stories higher.
iVithin doors tbe hotel presents a freshness of
ppcarance, a perfectness of appointment, and
in Eastern splcudor of filling and finishing,
n strong contract to the dullness of most of
Is rivals. It commenced its business at tbe
ery outset on a scale of magnificence seldom
r never surpassed, making a complete iuno
ation on prices, andJeaping will, one bound
oto tbe first place in public favor. It com
ities all tbe elegance of the most fashionable
otels with tbe comforts aud ease of tbe most
omeitic, at rales that are in pleastug contrast 1
ritb the ruinous charges of many other holds.
'be patrouage it has secured lias heeu cum
tensuratc with all these advantages, aud has
laced tbe Grand Ceutral Hotel in tbe fore
lost rank ot tbe world’s successful enter
rises.
o the Editor of the Press j
Explanation called for—The reason why f
■ain No. 1 on thtTP. O. K. R. passed the
'Ast Baldwin Station on Wednesday, Not. 15, c
ithout slopping for passengers and mail t
om South Bridgton and Sebafo, to tbe
atnage of parties interested. Sufferer.
South Bridgton, Nov. 16, 1871. 1
Trb Advertiser refers to au item in yester
ij’s Press which states that Mr. Dingley of
ewiston, said in a temperance lecture that
ere were three times as many rum shops in
is county as schools. It should have read r
.is country,which we think is quite true. Tbe
ord "Cumberland” was inserted u*-the place a
“this" in the quotation of the Advertiser.
A New Invention fob Gas. A recent
lngli9h invention distils gas at a low teinpera
ire, so that iron instead of clay retorts may
o used, at a great saving of expense, while
bega9 produced from the same coal is 30 per
ent. more in quantity and of 50 per cent, bet
Br quality than the gas produced by previous
aethods, aud the remaining products are also
aore valuable. A French company has
.ought the use of the patent in Fiance for
1500 000, and the shares in the English com
>any are at a high premium.
estate INewss.
ANDROiCOOGIN COUNTY.
We learn from the Journal that the aggre
gate shipment of shoes from Aulmrn and Lew
stou stations the past week have heeu 477
Bases to 745 cases for the preceding week. The
receipts of leather have been 48,870 pounds
to 52,420 pounds for the preceding week.
The Journal says first class turkeys sell in
Lewis'on at 14 a 10c, chickens 12 a 14c, geese
and ducks 14 a 16c, fowl 10 a 12c. Provision
dealers decline to contract ahead for first class
turkeys at over 12s per lb. The live sleeks are
very large. Last year, it will he remembered,
speculators in ohickens and turkeys got very
badly bitten in the Boston maiket—many of
them having to stand hi the street by Faueuil
Hall market aud peddle turkeys that cost them
20c for 12 a 15c. This year the runners through
Maine tor the Bolton market are rather more
shy—remembering that turkeys sold ou
Thanksgiving day higher in Lewiston than
they did in Boston.
FRANKLIN COUNTY.
A Farmers’ and Mechanics’ Chub has been
organised at Chesterville under flourishing
auspices. President, John W. Lothrop; Sec
retary, Thomas J. Wheeler.
Mr. Blethen, of Little Blue, has engaged th«
services of Percival J. Parris, of Paris Me.,
son of Viigil U. Parris, as Assistant Master
iu bis school.
HANCOCK COUNTY.
The American says a horse be'ongin" to J.
Hale Oo. was killed between Ellsworth and
Bangor by fast driving.
The Ellsworth American says George Lul
larn’s house on the shore road was burned to
the ground last week. Insurance *800.
A house in Ellsworth, on the Surry road, be
longiog to William Murch wa< burned ou
bunuay moruiug wun *n its contests No iu
ause.
The Amerloan says a fellow on the stage be
tween Ellsworth and Bangor, having insulted
mujr panseuger, was summarily Disposed of
by Mr. Kingsbury, who left him iu ibe middle
of the road, and tbe verdict, was served him
rightly.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
The Gardiner Journal says, James Capen
who died in Gardiner on the 30,h u!t., aged
92, was probably tbe oldest Mason in tbe
Stale. He was made a Mason iu 1806 and
bad been a member of Hermou Lodge in that
city, from its incorporation,
The Gardiner Journal matches tho “Three
Black Crows” story with the following: Last
week a young man told us that a young lady
told him, that her fatter told her, that Dr.
Hildreth told him, that there were four cases
of small-pox at tbe New Mills. So, off we
posted to Dr. Hildreth for a first-class item,
aud be told us be never said auything about
it to tbe young lady’s father, bat th.re was
one case -of mild varioleid there. Here was a
direct story with all the names given, and
about as correct as stories generally are. We
did not mention small-pox last week, but as
it has got out we tell tbe tacts.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
Edward Lake, who assaulted Policeman
Grant of Bangor, by filing at him with a
pistol has beeu held for trial in tbe sum of
$8000
The Ellsworth American bears that Mar
celius Emery of the Bangor Democrat in
tends starting a daily.
Tbe Whig says if is agreed on all sides that
more potatoes have been brought to Bangor
market thus (ar this year ttiau ever before ia
the same time and season.
The Whig says a clerk in a Bangor store
returned to bis duties alter tea the other eve
ning, and as be entered, thrust tbe pipe he
had been smoking into his coat pocket, and
liung the coat up in a closet in the store. A
short time afterward, some one went to tbe
closet and found two good coats burned and
the wood work of tbe closet in flames. A lew
puils-ful! of water extinguished tbe fire, aud
the smoker, smashing iiis meerschaum against
tbe wall, “swore off,” tho use of the "vile
weed" forever.
The Whig learns that Wm. Fletcher, Jr.>
tbe young man who so mysteriously left his
father’s bouse in Bangor last Friday coon,
has been beard from. He was seen on foot
near Pittsfield and probably can be traced
further until found. No reason lor bis sud
den depaiture is known, and as be lias beeu
iu leeble health for some time, it is feared
that he may be deranged in mind.
The Bangor Whig says Tuesday afternoon as
a young man named Joshua L. Telbetts was
seated iu a saloon on Exchange street, Timo
thy Cliflord came in, walked up to Tebbettj,
and without a word drew a knife and stabbed
him in.tlie right side, making a gash nearly
four inches in length, and deep enough to pen
etrate the outer coat of the stamach. He then
ran out and made off. He was fighting drunk,
aud has long been spotted as a daugarous indi
vidual. The same day be struck John Mc
Donough, without provocation, aud knocked
him down. Cliflord cleared out belore tbe po
lice were inlormed ot bis slabbing Tebbetts,
wail lllUUfch tUo luoUcr wta L'fqu quiet in orOcr
to arreit lmn, be lias not beeu seen in tnerity
since. It is not known why lie attacked Tib
betts, as there was no provocation whatever.
WALDO COUNTY.
Tbe Supreme Judicial Court which lias been
in session at Belfast for three weeks, adjourn
ed, finally, on Friday. In the contested will
case of Virum B. Paul vs. Iddo K. Paul, the
jury returned a verdict for tbe defendant, thus
sustaining tbe validity of tbe will. Tbe case
of Eastman and wife, ol Freedom, indicted for
manslaughter ill starving a woman to death,
did not come to trial.
A shooting affray occurred at Belfast Thurs
day evening of last week in wbieli a man nam
ed James Dutch was shot in tbe Ihigh. Dutch,
and two or three others, says tbe Journal,
upon the wile of Mr. Wescott, railroad conduc
tor, near the saloon of Mr. Benner, on- Main
street. Mr. B interfered, and they then at
tacked him. One of them seized him around
the neck, and brought his bead down while
the others aidjgd him. The saloon window was
smashed during the row. Finding that he was
iu danger of being seriously hurt, Mr. Benner
drew a pistol and fired at the oDe who was
holding him down, a man named Jas. Dutch.
The hall entered the upper part of the thigh,
and ranged along towards the knee. The as
sailauts then ran, hut were met near the cor
ner by Mr. Wescott who had been informed of
what was going on, and who promptly knock
ed down the whole lot.
The house, barn and shed on the Ben. War
ren place, in Swanyille, occupied by Josiab
Curtis and sons, was burned on the 9th. In
sured in Bangor for $1200.
The record of remarkable families multiplies.
Capt. H. D. Herrimau writts the Belfast Jour
nal that in the town of Prospect, Mr. Crocker,
on reading the notice of the Sanboru family,
toiuarked that he lived under the same roof
with four generations, consisting of father
grandfather, and grealgrandf'ather-a mother,
grandmother, two children, two grandchild
ren. a great grandchild and an auot. And yet
there are only four persons iu the house.—
Simpson confesses that this is beyond his gen
ealogical figuring.
YORK COUNTY.
Asa Small’s dwelling house in Limerick,
was destroyed by fire Mouday afternoon about
2 o’clock. The family were engaged iu pre
paring poultry for market. The fire originat
ed from a defect in the chimney in a space over
the attic. Loss $2,300. Insured iu the Quin
cy company for $000.
One of the clergymen of Saco, in the course
of his sermon last Sabbsth afternoon, remarked
thot he understood there were one hundred
and twenty-eight licensed grog shops in Bid
delord.
The Democrat says the Methodist vestry in
Biddeforil was crowded last Sunday evening to
listen to Dr. Colby of Portland, on the subject
of temperance- The Doctor gave a very inter
esting leoture, dropping most of the old stereo
typed stufies and giving several striking and
apt illustrations. He was followed iu a few re
marks by Mr. Murphy of Portland, whose ex
periences, according to his own account are
somewhat checks red. Mr. M. is possessed of
a good deal of energy as a speaker, and may do
service in the work of abolishing a traffic in
which he was formerly engaged.
Mr. Joseph Smith, 4th, at the present time,
overseer in the dressing room of the York cor
poration, Saco, has received an appointment
a< superintendent of the Warren Cotton Mills,
West Warren, Mass., at a salary of $1800 per
yeai\ Mr. Smith has been iu tbo employ ol
the York Manufacturing Cotupauy lor about
twenty live jears.
IN GENERAL.
Patents have been issued this week to the
following citizens of Maine: David F.rrest of
Eastport, assigcorto himself and A. II Bibber
lor liemmer for sewing machiues; Thomas D.
Currier of Waldoboro.tea and coffee pot stand:
i -at.vu.uuuu, waicu maker s
chuck.
LEA PERRIN'S SADCE.
Prououuced by Connoisseur.
“The Only Good Sauce.”
aledVor '"‘e8tlon-
We are directed by Messrs. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute a.I paojes.making or vending counTeWcits.
JWIIK OUNCAN’N «aivw
acg|2gn6m_Agent,, Nc? Y%k.
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded wateheuses on
ITown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
aud Sugar Co’s buildings York Danforth and Com
uercial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
_2>"3sn 91 Exchange Street.
On M nrHajp e.
Inppy Relief for Yo.,„« Men from the el
icits oi errors snd abuses in earlv In.
’ortd Impediments to marrieswm”*
lethod ct treatiuent. New and remarkable reine
ies. Bools and Circulars sent rre, i„ J,
elopes. Address HOWARD ASSOCI ATION^No J
outh Ninth street, Philadelphia, P^IA1B^’n^
A GOOD, serviceable HORN a of 1
bout eleven or twelve hundred
.omuls weight, wanted by 1
JOS. H. VOOlt HliO 1
novl5sutt
FOR SALE? i
a^enneyV
SPECIAL NOTICES.
People’s Course, at City Hall.
Next entertaiuiucnt MONDAY KYENINO, NOV. 20«!i, by the popular
TEMPLE QUARTETTE
Of Boston, the finest Quartette of male voices in America, assisted by that charming Soprani,
TVIISSS ISABELLA STONE,
mi'ili-fn'r n,.' Kvenioi Ticket., SO cent., or 75 cl. lor tbe two remaiuiug entertain-
unnts ot tbc course. J*or sale everywhere. Doors open at 7 comer: to tonline 1 ce at 8. notldlw
GOING TO CHICAGO
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAW COST!
Tho*e who wish to avail themselves of a good bargain will call immediately.
100 Overcoats Must be Hold to Save the Freight I
My friends and patrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks tor flic liberal patronage bes'owcd on me
(luring my residence in tLia city.
.J. IF. SISK,
171 Fore Street, Portland.
Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT BARGAIS!
As the owner intends REMOVING TO CIIICACO; consisting of a 2 1-2storv Brick House No. 9 Chat
ham Street, in good repair; lot 46 by 50, a good chance tor a Mechanic or btit-ines^ man to g» r a desiratde
home. Also a brick building comer of Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 35 b? 80- Alto the n ex a lot
adjoining, containing three wooden rtores: lot 55 by* 120; and one large wooden stable. This property wilt
be *old in seperate lots or all together, making in all a lot ot 90 by 120. This is an excellent chance tor in
vestment, as this proj erty is sure to increase in value, being on ihe principal street iu lire city.
For particulars call on J. F. SINK..
nov7tt 171 Fore Street.
MILLINERY Congress St.
With the increased facilities for purchasing directly from
Importers at the lowest Cash Jobbers prices,
We are now prepared to offer to our customers and the Pub’ic
A very choice, all new STOCK OK MIL LINK IIY GOODS,
at prices which cannot fail to give entire satisfaction.
‘Ladies’ in want oi a
HAT or BONNET,
"Will find it to their advantage to give ns a call before purchasing.
We shall have constantly on hand a good assortment ot
Ladies’, JfligMCM’ and Children'*
Ready-Trimmed Hats and Bonnets.
Our Selection of Children’s Hoods, and Boy’s Hats are unsurpassed
ip the city.
Sillc a<s and Bonnets manufactured and Irimmed In the latest and most approved style at short notice,
pnccs.t civet, and Velveteens lor Dress Xiimiuins in all colors and shades, eonslatly on hand at old limes
urices. A HD all thn Klliultw in tlm l,.nt .uu.li.inu at UIKhnua
W. li. §1ELL, 33^ Congress st.
Nov2 SN tf__
AUA I IN.
Whan anything we’ve tried to do,
And found our efforts vain.
May we l»e armed with courage true,
That wo may ‘•try. again.”
Who knows, it wo shall persevere,
And every nerve shall strain,
But some kind power our way may clear,
If we shall ‘‘try again.”
When BOYS in vain have sought g>od “CLOTHES”
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hat and Shoes complete,
Just let them try at GEORGE FENNO’S,
Corner ol Beach and Washington s'reet
Boston, Nov. 1. novlti-ul w
The Best,
The Cheapest,
The most durable
And the Easiest,
SPRING PEI),
EVER MADE J
It will Cost you Nothing
To give it a fair trial at your house.
Tbos. P. Beals C©„
SOLE manufacturers,
27 and 20 MARKET NTKEET.
Rear of the Post Office, A’so the best assormcnt ot
Chamber {Sets
AND OTHER
F U R >r ITURE.
To be t.iuud in tlii it, and at the lowest prices.
HAT, Alinmm novlflen
Ladies’ Cloaks
-AND
Winter Jackets,
AT
EASTMAN BRO’S,
332 Congress Street.
October 31- sn dtt
B. COWELL
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entire
stock ot Foreign aud Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
UDtil he sells his bouse. (See advertisement, by Geo.
It, Davis If Co.) How is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
lyCome early and avoid the rush. sep7-inlf
IV O T I O IS
THE Cigar store that wao advertised for sale at 229
CAgreas street, has removed hack to the old
stand on Exchange street, where I will still rnanu- I
lactnre the choicest brands of cigars. I will Invite
all my rus'omcrs and trieads in general to call and I
examine my goods and get posted on the prices. 1
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. K. PONCE, No. SO Exchange St.
yl-tf
Stock k Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the city will sell my
stock ami place of business at great discount.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my stock ot
Mhip Timber, Plauk, Spars, Knees, Deck*
iiig, ami Trtcnails.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on JL. TA1LO It,
sept 19-sntt 17t> Commercial st.
Attention, Gentlemen.
We have this day received from one of the finest
^porting houses in New York (E. H. Van Ingen
Go.,) a large invoice ol
Woolens tor Gent’s Wear.
to which we invite your attention, as we leel confi
dent we can please you in every particular.
ROLLINS BOND. No 90 Middle st.
Nov 3-sntf
To my Patrons and flic Pablic.
I wish to ca l your attention to th«
ADJUSTABLE RIDGE, which I am
now applying with great success lo nil sets ot teeth,
'llie method of applying this ridge to artificial teeth
is an invention ot my own. By its use the most
ditHr.uIt mouths can be tilted, auu all persons about
to have teeth inserted will be sure of a perfect lit by
having this ridge used. Every set ot teeth made by
me with this ridge applied will be properly adjusted 1
so as to lit the mouth perfectly, or no pay will be ac
cepted tor the work done. ihose who have seta ot 1
teeth which do not lit can have them reset this 1
ridge applied, and warranted to fit or no charge will J
be made. CARLTON KIMBALL, D. I). S,
No It Claim’s Block, corner ot Congress and Elm
streets, Portland. nolldtt
Awful Defeat!
The tout is complete! The last hope ot the parties
who have been getting up Scalp POISONS to com 1
complete with
Cristadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
is lost, lost, lost I Still, it towers over all rivals, now
»ml old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Dye o
the Country, still. tms ol thousands ot heads that
showed the white flag, 1
Cnrry 4/rl.fadoro’a Color.,
and the eoune ot the dye of dyes is ever upward aut! 1
inward. So much tor excellence, wholcsoracncss, f
ind a true reproduction ot Nature’s lints. As a
lressing alter dyeing, use
CKISTADOUO’SHAIR PRESERVATIVE.
oc28 eodlra w44 4G sn
Batchelors Hair Dye. i
Tills superb Hair Dvo is the best in Iheworld-per-
cct y harmless, reliable ami ins aufaneous: no dm
ipomtment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor
Lhe genuine Wm, A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye nroduc
is IMMEDIATELY a splendid BlackT N™u al
frown, leaves the hair clean, soil, beautiful; does
£LT“sonid‘CuiiDru0^," anJ inJUri0“» I,
1,11 SN STREET, N.Y. P
Cl
ON MAURI A (IR.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS t,
nd ABUSES, which ioleriere with MARRIAGE—
dth sure means of re’iel lor the Erring and Unlbr-
unate,Diseased and Debilitated. Address HllW
lRD ASSOCIATION, No. 2,S. Ninth St., Pbiladel-
Ilia, Pa._jy 2G-BN nig
Coniessions ot an luvalid.
Published as a warning and for the benefit rr fl
luny men and others, who suffer from 'Nervous v
•ebidiy, Ac., supplying tuf jjeansof self-cuke
Written by one who rcured himself, ami sent tree M
n receiving a post-paid directed euveiope.
Address iNATHANlELi MAYFAIR, Brooklyu <r
e» *<wk. BH»Gm-juul5 A
lioaaae Secianucs
BONDS
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH 'AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, to St. John. New Brunswick, a
distance of 2C2 miles,—with the exception of 58
niil< 8 between Winn. Me., and the boundary line of
tbe State at Vaucflioro’. On till4.portion the track
is UoW being lad, both from Winn eastward and
from Vaneeboro* westward, and tbe work will be
completed and trains running from Bangor to St.
Jolm in September next.
Tb.s roau will then bo
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTI1VO THE IIHITEB STATES
AND THE BBITISn PHOVINCEH (New
Brunswick ami Nova Scotia). The population ot tire
maritime Provinces is about OIVK HIU.ION,
and all the land travel, Weight, mails, etc., betwreu
them and tbe Unfed States,will pass over this Trunk
line.which is WITSKtUT tIOillPETITION,
All hough not yet completed, tbe business of the
road is already fsr greater than its most sanguine
tricniis predicted, and is continually increasing.
The net earnings from l.ocnl Bu.ii.eaa ulonr,
on the 58 miles completed in Maine,already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars. sud will be largely iucrcasiua after Sept next
by the business lo and Irom the Proviuces.
To complete this road, and to Equip it as fully as t»
present large business and tbe iiuned ate lucrease
consequent upon Its completion, requires —tbe Com
pany lias i8snfd its Bonds to tlie amount of Two
Miilions ot Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
ON ITNENTIRE ROAD AND prop.
KKTY EKWH WINN lo VANdEBIIKD'
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire load and
equipments IVorn Bangor to Winn, Di> miles. This
ptiriion cost some S2 S00.030, an.I the only lien tliero
on is a mortgage to the city ot Bangor for St 000 OOCj
SSfi-i"*OBTGA'eE on
800,000 Acres of Land
S»id lands being tbe same granted by the Sbate nl
Maine to aid the construction otthi* road. Th*»y are
situated a’oug the Penobscot and St. John riveis,
an I are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
tracts, especially in I he fertile Aroostook Valley, (rhe
finest agricultural disiriut in tbe Stite.) are valuab e
tor farming lands as well as for tlieir timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with which they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as 1 he State
ot Rhode island, which is 1300 square milts and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides tbe mortgage ot the Railway, its
equipments, dSrc., which alone is ample security lor
the Bonds, there are timbei and hum lands to the
amount of
400 Acres to each Bond
also p’edged to ensure the payment thereof.
The Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March 1, 1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GO£f> com,
Free from U. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
im k. Bonds rc-gis'cred if desired, Coupons made
payable cadi) in London, Kng'aml, it preferred.
FUND—All proceeds ot sales oflaiid,
is wen as ot timber and other products therefrom,
*re, by tbe Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
ihev can be bought at oar or less; otherwise in
Untied States, Sratc or Municipal Sceuiiiies. Ami
)n July 1, 1879, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, tlie JE. N. A.
Railway Uo. is houud to pay to tlie Trustee* a soui
>f money equal to one i»cr cent, of the amount ot
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, ami all imerest
received on securities, belonging to the Ninkina
1° 11 iid are to be invested a* above stated, ami these
iccumulutions are solely for the purpose ot addition
diy providing lor the redemption of the.-e Bonds.
1’he Sinking Fund conciliates a th;rd great element
ouniRi.>, auu OUU3 IU UIO miti V Ui
heso Bonds.
The Trustees are Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, of
iianvor, Me and J. EDG All THOMSON, Esq.,
>1 Philadelphia, Pa. 4
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
it Par and Accrued In ter eat in payment lor
iny oi tlie lands at their appraised value.
These vary desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Accrued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
d at liiglicst market price in exchange Cor these
solid*, and can be sent by Express and these ie
urned by Express, tree ot'expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further parihuiar* concerning
he coonectious and business, with Map-*, shewing
lie location aud lands of this road, sent free on ap
dicatiou to
EL [AS MERR[LL,
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Sulc of Honda,
BANGOR, MAINE,
Oil TO
SWAN BARRETT,1;
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO middle Ntrcct.....Portland.
i
®T"On completion (in lS72)of 60 miles of Kail road t
o\v building, between St. John, N. B, and Halifax, j t
I. S, there will bo an unbroken line of Kail way j
roin Halifax to all tha chief cities of the United j j
tales,jMiul as two or three days oi ocean travel can j
e avoided, and about 36 hours* time saved, from
lew York, in going to or coming tieaa Europe, by i
ail to or from Halifax,— a largo business in pas
angers, mails and freight will thereby be auded to a
ti* traflie over the E. N. A. Kail way.
JulylJ-sneod tf j
___ i
Ho Wore Wet Feet. c
Jabie Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOS ii
BOOTS and SHOES, j
rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
egs. Besides lurnishing the most durable, pi mole
nomical boot evor offered the pu lie, !t afiord* an j
tide more nearly
WATERPROOF v
a
an ever belore made of the same maleiia’s.
.11 Detlera well tknble Screw Wired Goods
Patent Stamp ou all. oct2cn eodGw 8
]V
An Authentic History
f the War between Germany and France J.
ith Biographies ot the principal actors therein. Al- C
an account 4/ Ibe Civil War and Keigu of
error iu Paiia. Over 800 pages, and 150 illus-
it ions. Sold only by subscription. ATW ELL c
jent for Portland. juillteodlf sw G
SPECIAL NOTICES.
e TicketN
W. D. Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TIOKETIAGENOT f
l
Travelers for California

n«l the West, South ami Northwest, may ol>
lin fhs'oMgtt 1Mcl*rt», by llie best mid iuo*i
eliable routes Irotu Porttai.il, or ojxiou, or
lew York, to anv p« int (leaned at the lowest
ales at the old aud reliable Un;ou Ticket Agency,
IV. I). LITTLE it- CO.t
Office 49 1-9 Fxchnuge M|.
Reliable inlorination cheerluliy furnished at
II times. an2Gd it »u
Sterling Exchange.
lills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank.of London,
AND THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
And all its Uruuchrs.
For Rule In sums to suit, by
B. BROWN «t- SONS,
jel3-sntt 97 Exchange Ml.
Great Reduction in Prices.
It yoa want more pictures for yonr rocney, tbau
you ever received betore,* call at the
Portland Photograph Gallery,
No 80 Middle Street.
Look at some ot the prices,
8 T.arge Frrrotypoe 50 eon's,
Former price $1 OO.
19 Card Ferrotypes 50 cents,
Former price 9100.
79 Tin Types 59 cents.
Farmer price Si OO
lectures in Frame 75 cents.
Photographs $9 OO’ Per Dar.
K*Tr~For children uuder tive year* ol age, an addi
tional price will he charged.
A. S. DAVIS CO.
not sn 4 w
rou s.irr
95 Nbnrst First National Rank Stock.
13 Shares Casco National Bank Stock.
State ot iTIniue. G’s
Portland,. G’s
Cincinnati,. 7’s
C* o ve r u rue lit Bonds Haiiuhl nnd Hold.
-Br
If. HI, PAYSOY,
,‘52 Kxcbange st., Portland.
nug22 sn
EXCHANGE
-ON
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
-ASD
Iteady for Immediate Delivery!
1N.SUMS TO SUIT1
WM. E. WOOD,
07 Exchange St.
Agent far Henry C'lew* Co, IV* Y.
Juue 27-n in
GRAHAM FLOU R!
OK A SUPERIOR QU VLITI
FrriU from the HI ill. Also the celebrated
k- P O ST E L 8
And Other Clioieo Brands.
MJANV, llianuND He CAK1XKV.
oc9 «13m
SPORTSMEN
J. B. Lucas, 69 Exchange St.,
lias just received another lot of thosj fine
Breech Loadins Shot Gaas.
Also a lew more ot those very cheap
English Twist Dtublo bbl, Gaos.
Oct4
PIANO ROOMS,
Caboon Bloch, next Clip llall, Congreu .t
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Has the Exclusively Agency for the
i Y Y J Q wjt |J j elegant J kwbtt Sc
W LoiLn PIANO (|'bnTEII
Also other standard makers all sold at the lowest
reduced prices. oc25iiitf
MARRIED
In this citv, Nov. 16, at the residence ot the bride's
father, by Rev. B. II. Bailey, Ha I L. Davis, Esq.,
and Georgia H., daughter ot 1C N Perry.
In Ficcport Nov. U, by lkv. W. T. >areent. H*n
ry i>. Brackett and Miss Eliza I Tuttle, both ol Yar
mouth Also, Geo F-.J»\>gg and Miss Sarah J>. Pratt,
both ol Freeport.
In Cornisb. Nov 15, George F. Clifford. Esq., aid
Mi s Maitha M O’Ution, both oi C. i No cards.J
In Portsmouth. Nov. 14, Thos.Daily and Mits
Maitha S. Leavitt, both ol Portland.
———■—■mmmmm
DIED.
In Lewiston, Nov. 16, Wil'iara J. \V., son of Rev.
Harry l#. Ye wens. a**cd 14 years
In Paieon‘tit»l!, Oet. 3L Saraa J., daughter ol Capt
Natlil Milliken. aged 1! years.
iu Camden, Nov. 5, Mrs. Polly Cirtis, aged 86
years lt» months.
In I'amdeu Nov. 3, Mr. John Caldei wood, aged 63
years 6 months.
HI in inf hip Alusnnnc.IVovpniber 17.
Sun rises..6.53 j Moon sets... 9.40 PM
Sun Sets. 4.36 High water 3.15 PM
xN HI JN EWB,
FORT OF PORTLAND.
T hiartulay, N«v. 16.
ARRIVED.
Steamor Carlotta, Colby. Halifax, NS, with pas
senger* and nnlse to John Porteous.
Hr g Altaratta, (of Portland) Walluco, Windsor,NS
for New York.
Sfb P Giant. (Br) Bradshaw, Windsor, NS.—230
tons plaster to order.
Sch urand Pre, (Br) Mel Ian son, Bellevue, NS—
wood (or a market.
S(*h Grand island, McIntyre, Rondout,—cement to
C A B Morse i o.
Sch Heat j Whitney. Terkins, South Amboy tor
Bangor.
Sch Hannibal, Ccx. Hoboken lor Bangor.
Sch J Clark, Dix, Hoboken tor Bangor.
Sch D Eddy. Hopkins, New York lor Bangor.
Sch Thames, Robbins, Boston, to load tor Gala's.
Sch Sumh bill, Mcluness, Boston tor Orland.
Scb Sea Flower, Sea\y, Deer Isle.
Sch B L Kenney. Wallace, rhornaston.
Sch Geo W Pierce, Prout, Southport.
Sch J M Kennedy Poruroy, Ellsworth tor Boston.
Sch Fannie Micibell, Brown, Ellsworth lor Bouton.
Sch E L Condon. Snow, Bangor lor Ri ston.
Sch David WaatOB, Joues, Brooksville lot New
Yo*k.
Scb Jessie Benton, Sellers, Penobscot for Boston.
Sell St Leon, Perkins, Penobscot tor Boston.
BELOW—A Br trig, with plaster, bound to New
York, (put in with loss ot sails and spats.)
A barque is reported ashore S of the Cape, but the
■eport is believed to be a hoax.
The new sebr Charles Sawyer, now lying at Widg
*r> s wiiart, was bailt at Brunswick by Master Root
Jivcn, whose reputation as a liist class builder is well
iSiaolishad. Ihe Chas lawyer registers about 170
oas, (old meagre) and is owned by the builder,
Jhas Sawyer and W S Jerdan Co, ot Portland,
ind Capt D A McFarland, (tale ot sebr Lookout) who
s to commaud her. She is loading tor Baltimore.
FROM MERCHANTS EXOTIANGK.
Gloucester—Ar 16tb, barque Daring, McDonald,
Batunore lor Portland.
New York—Ar 15th. brigs MaUis B Russell, York,
Juanlanamo. Geo W Chase, Bacon, Galveston
Ar IGth, barque Rachel, Norton. Philadelphia tor
Bath, wlih crew of b<rqne II p Lord.
Philaaelphia—Ar 15th, brig Minnie Miller, Leland,
Portland, sch lla tie Ross, Chick, do.
Feruandina—Ar lltb, brig J Polledo, Dyer, fiom
da vans.
Mobile—Cld Itth, barque H D Stover, Pierce, lor
Portland with 1030 bales cotton.
Aspinwall—Ar 3 I. brig J B Brown. Baltimore.
Barbadoea—Ar J2ib, brig Mary A Davis, tin Phila
delphia.
itrenoRANDA.
Barque Henry P Lord, Pinkham. from Pliila lel
>hia ot and lor Portland, with coil, sunk dur.ng
be gale of the Ilth off Birncgat Ihe crew were
esc tied and taken t> New York by barque Rachel,
Norton, tr- no Philadelphia lor Hath. The H P L
eghtered 325 Ions, was built at Ilarpswell in 1800,
rb-re she wus owned, together with parties iu Port
aud. But iew ot the owners were irsurect.
Brig C II Kennedy, (ot Poit aud) Dodge, from Baa
or io Philadelphia with lumber, wa« driven a bore
8 miles South of Sandy Hook, dining the gd« an I
.ill l>e a total loss Crew save*!. The vs*el irgister
d HG ton*, was built at Luhec in 1855, and newly
opp. d ai this port in 1*70.
Sch VV D B, of Portland from F.lixnhethnnr! Iap
at:n, nroae irom anchors at the Pool 15th, au.l went
shore on S'age Island, bi»h and dry Shs has a
;irgo ot csnl and may t ome off alter dhchargiua.
u'ly insured in WeUfleet.
Barque Sarah Hobart, which put hack to Cardiff
Mn utt, leaky, repaired and oroc eded 1st inst.
Brig Caroline Cray, of Rockland, from New Or
sans tor Providence is ashore on Long Island, but
i in a good position 10 haul off.
Ship Am ty. Baker, trom Boston tor Savannah,
jrue to anchor Marblehead 15th. and began to drag i
>on alter owinto ihe sroun. To prev«nt going
shore her roa»ts were c it away. Steamer Charles
’eaison went to her assistance and will tow her to
•osion.
Barque J H Bradley, of Bucksport. trim London
ir Philadelphia bclo e reported sunk, was run in'o
Uh uli by an English steamer, sinking wiili tie- 1
lendous lorce and sinking immediately. All l amia
ent down with the barque but soon after rose to ti e
rrt ce and a l wore saved, except two, by a boat
•oir iht steamer.
Brig Nieiett*. trom Cardiff tor Havana, got ashore 1
i Barnstable Bay, Kng, 15th ult, and will piobab y
e a total loss. Ciew saved.
Sell Addie PStnopeon, irom New Yoik ftr Fils
ortb, was towed to Piovnl#»ce 15th. with loss ot
neb is, sai-s sp'it, inainbootB broken, dfcc.
nonrNTIt; poiitm.
SAVANNAH—Ar 11th, brig Jan Dav*8, Partildge,
tocktcu.
Nt :w VORK—Ar tlth, sch« Abby Ingalls lngail«
In‘<jii:isii. NB; [>re?(lon, Mitchell, and W H Milch'
1, Cole. Sbuleo. NS; Union, Saw)**-, Millbridffe
rank .lames,n. Kobmson and Allied Keen h«iV
ina'hnven. Diont, mew) Haske 1. do: M A t in
'hitmore, and Onward. Arey, Bangor: M
ris o’, do; Nellie Hell, Keen, Bath; s I I
rocked, and Wm Uice. Pre-oiey, Rockland xiiX!^
isbing, Harrington. Thorny,ton; Tffi, ?ve, e
■re HyaiinL; Scud, Allen_- Vor <1
Alrourlith, hrirs ICtia M Tucker Tu l. ei'ii"'
l|>l>ia lor Marblehead; Auna D Tnir«*u^iL
1‘bila iHlnliia; .ch p swo
;orgctown for Pawtucket. Smith, Grace,
Cld 11Ui, ebir« Sea Serpen', Wb.te Ran branci.co
Ixrelrlor Pendleton. Liv.Tp.ol; CaGIda, «n trier.,
lew Orleans; b e L zzie/..iiioseo, o,.». H.iuborc
MisTS Md.elhiu, Fan, Barbadoes; a h Uo iginai),
;al. n. Bne'on
BRIDGEPORT—Ar lit i. ich John Some., Peatb,
aia,«- Garland, Lindtey, New lore
NORWICH-Ar mb. seh Pacillc, Ginn. Rockland.
NEW LONDON—Ar Itlb. febs Kate Graut, urant
iaoeor lor KlixaiarUiRor l; Gen Had Vl ada, KotUan i
.r Now York; Ueorge He Emily, Burn II boken
ir Yarmouth.
PROVIDENCE—Ar Htb. A VanCleal Catler ini
'on Johu-on Larolta, Whitmore. at." Go'd n Hula
Ir.iver Calais; Charlierobb. Kennedy. Koetlind.
Ar I5tb. w bg Addle I* Min:itoii, Sfiinp- n. New
rk *or KI!g\vor»li; Prank Marin,Wood. Cab*ii, wHb
01 1*011 and jnrt ol deck lo<d ol lumber.
CM Hih. i*ri_» Whitaker. Gfttnn, Now York; seb
bigs.I ;rMir!u,n"r-Purt
141,1 "uk .Jonpbine, Whlttemore,
^kwpAu!?*4 1 'r N«" Vork.
.Iv, ,,ir. n r rcb* (.ballonr". Whitmore.
U,CT: •"A-'gie Mul.ey, Allen. Ko-fu
Vew Y^rk’ Asnef'EJ W",'1,,'r- •'or'to,»l |,,r
ttZti* Ran"V ‘°r d°' Ce'"'e A
KDGARTOWN—Ar litu, »eh La<onta Hall New
York lor Puri land. a or,la’ Mali, mw
BOSTO.V—Ar IBtb. krkt Sami LHidaey, Small, Hal
imnre aebs D rtgo. Snow. Baitmorv; Niolu Kef
ar. and N K Hei-an, Coombs. RlizabVtbowS•Cmto
I ne Grant Ha-kell. do; Trade Wind, Cord Port
Johnton; Palos. Obtr. tJobokeu; Sarah Maria' Met
-all.do: Saidiulan. Holbrook, and r Hatch Pal-»
Sew York: Hyne. Glover; 8 McLoon. Spear; lbos
Hix. Lurvey and Bl'ow, Ames Mew York; Union
Urocker. Mucbias Nile. Oliver, Ratb.
Ar 161 h. sebs Alice G Grace. Gilchrist, Georgetown
[>usoe. llobbifon, Klizabethport; S H Cady, Wood,
Sew York. Biilow.Aiiio8.de.
Returned. ebip Amity, di-ma*ted.
(jld 1 Glli, aeba Oc an Queen, Clark, and M L Crock
itr. Crockett. Bancor.
SALEM—Ar 1-iih, sobs Marla Roxana. Palmar, ini
Philadelphia; Champion, Clark, Iron* Port John* >n.
Ve ma. Look, w-ee haw ken.
Ar 13th, brig J 1 eigbton, Leighton, Elisabetbyort,
with loss of l>otb anchors.
Cld llth. srh Windward. El)l% Bangor.
PORTSMOUTH -Ar lltb. scfafl Lou 1st A .Johnson.
M thln an. Pldladeli hia; Rena, Poster Kh/abeih
port; F A Pika, Kobtdns. Lynn lor Ca’ai*: Helen M
Waiie, Goit, Calais for New Vork; W G ft Mo wry,
Eaton, do «or Providence: M L Yaruev. Dunham,
New bury port for Rath Eten Her belt Oouhl. Bos
ton for Calais. H W Wellington. Freethy, lrn do tor
Bangor; G W Glover, Holbrook, from New York lor
Rockland; Native American, Agnew. Ulone«.**er lor
Calais Belle, Brown Boston lor Orland: Harper,
Gott, Weymouth i r Buckspert; Franc-mia. .Jarvig,
Boston lor Bangor; Mavfl wer, Snow, du fo Bow
doinhatu; Arco's, Walston. dotorRa>b; Connecti
cut, Elwell, do tor B*«ngur; Albus, Cilley, ami Sa*.«a
uoa Weeks, do l»r Bath.
FORKIGX PORTS.
Ar at Point de Gallo ptov to tsf insr. gulp Alaska,
Humphrey, SUelBjf (for Calcutta to load lor Untied
States
Shi Iui Leghorn 25th uU, barques Helen*, Potter,
and Megnnticojk. Hemingway, Boston; MeUilvery,
Field, New York.
CM at Cardiff 30th ult. ship Rlcbd McManui, F.>h*
ter, Martinique.
Ent out Mdi, ably Scotia, Drnismond, lor Yoko
hama.
SM lm Ponarlh 28th ult, ships Detroit, Newton,
and S C Blanchard, Meady. Rio Janeiro
Sid tin Queenstown 2d inst, barque farcho Pan 7. a,
Wiley, Philadelphia.
Ar at Callao Oct Jt3,§Mp Matilda, Blake, San Fran
ejaco
Sid Oct 18. ships Peru. Coring, for Gu inape; 21st,
Bor.j bangs, Batcbelder, do.
Per steamer Cuba, at N*>w York.l
Liverpool Ent for Idg 2d. L M Merritt. Glikcy. for
Cardenas; Hibernian. s> Wafts, for Portland; Val
ley Foige, Emerson, for Tybee; Carrie K Long, Paik,
tor Havana.
Ar at Aiijier Sept 17, Ella Monroe, Norcress, Llv
erp ol, for order.
Ar at Cadiz 28th ult, Helen G Rich, Strout, New
York.
Sid tai Crons t ad t 28th ult. Montana. Mudgett, Bos
ton; 231 h Proteus, Uerriiuan, New York.
8POKRH.
Sept 7. off Cape Horn, ship Titan, Berry, from New
York lor San Kiancisco
Sept 19, 1st It N. lou 2G W, ship .John Bryce, Iron
Liverpool for Callao.
rN-diW iiij v j1-,itiihiwii
Gorham Seminary.
Board ot Instruction.
C 91. BODCifl, A. 91., Pria.ipal,
and Teacher of CUsai. 9.
MISS ADKLA BARNES.
Pieccptrers and Teacher ot Vocal and Piano Mtiric.
MADAME MABIECOURLAENDEK,
Teacher ot Modem Language.
MISS JENNIE E. BODGE,
▲SaistanuPrccepiresv, and Teacher of Rhetoric.
Instruction will be given by competent Teachers lu
Mathematic*, Drawing and Paiuting, ana au
assistant In Music will be secured as
soon as j>ot*sib e.
Winter Term Commences Dec 5ili,
and continues Eleven Weeks.
BOARD AND TUITION.
THE Seminary Build rag will b« devoted to the hc
cornmixltit'oii oi young ladies lor t>oardin^, yet
the classes may be arranged so as to include both
aex«e id recitations.
award far You as Ladies $40 per Term.
Yonng ladies desirous of boarding themselves will
be furnished with ro.m* iw the Seminary Building.
Each room is designed for two persons, and will
bo iurnisbed with all necessary articles except qui ts,
comforter?, pillow cares, lowe.'s tnd toilet roup.
Hoard lor young men can be obtained in private
linuli°s on reasonable terms. Facilities are offered
to those wishing to board the mac Ives.
Fng ish Studies or Teachers’ Clara.$ 5 00
English Studies and Lxtin aa l Greek.Coo
French, German or Spanish, each.V... 3 00
Book-keeping and Penmanship, both,... 3 00
Drawing... 4 00
EaintJ'ng. 8 oo
Piano Music. 13 u0
Vocal... 3b0
For further information apply to
G. M. BODGE, Principal,
Bethel, (until Nov. 25i.li), or
J. A. WATERMAN, Secretary,
Gorham. Me.
Gorham, Me., Nov. 10,1871. nol7d&*tf
E.ngiheew’s Off ice 8d L H. District.)
Tompkinsville, New York,
November, 1871,
Te Quarrywien nad Bailders.
PROPOS 4 L3 lor the materials and labor tor com
ple'ing the foundation and constructing the pier
and lauding wharf *or Light House on ltaco Rock,
Long Island Mound, N. Y.
Sealed proposals wil) be received at this office on*
til noon o: December 18,1871. lor the materi als and
labor tor eompletleg the inundation and lor con
structing the p-er and landing whart tor the Light
House tor Race Rock.Lrvng Island Sound, atcor.iiug
to plans and specifications, the eGrtw be had by par
ties desirous of bidding, ou application to tne under
signed.
Proposals must be in duplicate, accompanied by a
guaranty in duplicate, ar.d a printed copy of this ad
vertisement attached to each proposal.
Proposals must be made on the blank form* attach
el to die siwcitkiitions Iurnisbed by ihisoffi e, and
bidden must conioru to the requirements and* r the
lead ol in? ructions to bidders.
The following are ths quantities and dimensions
for the work advertised:
Tho ioindation »o be complete 1 by a protection of
8000 Ions ot grande blocks, qnairied regular in
shapo and measuring from 4x4x0 leet 6 Inch, s to
4x1x4 leer, and weighing Iroin eight to len ion* each.
The p er Is to l>e ia shape ot the liustrum o< a
cone. 37 leet diameter at base, and 32 feet oUiueier
at top, aud 28 leet high.
The landing whan ia to be 25 leet wida by 53 leet
6 inches long.
The following ars the estimated quantities requir
ed:
41,835.5 cubic leet ot cut stone.
7.267.1 rough stone.
16 408 7 concrete.
3,066.4 brick work.
8,000 tom of grauito for foundation.
1. C. WOODRUFF, Lieut.-Col. Engineers.
Engineer 3rd L. H. District.
no!7d3iaw4w
Dissolution.
Till? copartnership heretofore existing between
Ibo uudtreigned, under the Urm atylc ol WAb
DRON A FAlK&KOTHEIt, is this day dissolved by
in in ual consent, cither urijr.cttle, and pay, the II
abilitiea o. the lrite firm.
ISAAC WAHURON.
Jd.Al FAIRBROTHER.
November 2,1871,
Copartnership.
TUE undersigned have thi, ,l»v formed s eopart
mrsuip. under the name of A. p. WALDkoN
A SON, and will .continue the bmlnru at the old
stand witn a enod stock ol Hi oriaiea,, Vieei
bias and Country Prodncr. B.el. Mutton,
Pork, Lord, Citred Hum, t-outirv, Hotter Eggs
Beans, Pickles, Ac. A ten, Choice Family Uroccrle,’.
A. P. WALDRON A SON.
No. 425 con oa mss st.,
November J, 1871. Portland.
notIJtt
Desirable Build mg Lots for Sate.
1)T virtue ot a It -eiHe granted bjrttao Hon. John
A. Waterman, Judge ol ilie court of Probate
lor the County oi GurabeMand. I w >ul.| offer ac pu
vate sale ilve-elgkth* parts, lu common and un
divided, ul a lot oi lana (suitable lor two loss) itu
ated-at No, 108 Vaughan street, near Congress, lu
tbia citv, being the estate owned by the hells o< the
late John 8'eeis oi Georgia. Bata lot has a froutage
oi about 120 leet. with au avenge depth ol ab«iut
tiity |50) teet, and will be sola as a whole, or divid. d
iuto two bus. The other three-eigbths iff) parts wbl
bo son] wiih tho tive-eighth* part, together with tlie
r. linquistim-nt ol ths willow’s dower therein, there
by making the tale perfect. For particu art apply
on the promises to
MARY A. VKRLK.
rortnnti, >ov. 17,1*71. eotttw
A Bare Chance for Business.
For Sale.
The S’ock and Fixture* of a
Fancy doods (Store,
doing a llrst-class business.
ESTABLISHED TEN VKAHS.
Satisfactory reasons can be assigned tor felling.
Address
FITZGERALD A CO.,
novl7 PORTLAND, ME. tf
City of Portland.
NOTICE.
i
ravel during ilie t.iuc required lor repair-*.
m^Brldge*.*1 CommiUea 011 Str** sidewalks
XovuibsMS, 1871._ nol7e.dlw
10,000 Bushels Damaged
BARLEY and MALT,
ron SSLB AT
CA'iCO BRKWEUY.
rice from to ernta, to 30 rent, per bush.
J. A P. McOLINCUY.
nol7*]w
Picked Up.
[N Portland Harbor, 23 Hackniflse Knees Tin#
L owner e«u have ibo Dime bv railing on
W. H. OIJbWAY,
no!7*3t Near Keronaue Work*.
Picked tip Adriit.
AT AWL BOAT painted white, is test long. The
A owner can have the same by i aying .Larger.
PAl'L ill KENNY,
no!7‘3t Perry Village.
Chambers to Lei.
A SMALL Kent tor a family without children.
Also Hccu.uinoiiations for two gem lemon boaiu
rs.at Nw. 4 I.UIIS 1 stTIAt.fl
l'oilland, Nov. 17. 1»*