X*

The Spy should have the eye of Argus: he is
honorable if he. do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WORCF S T E R
MONDAY, DKCEMBKK 11. I*7l.
The lily lilcctioH.
The republicans have nominated an excellent
ticker for mayor and aidermen and excellent
candidates for members of the common coun
cil, taking the list as a whole; but they under
stand, of course, that the ticket will not elect
itself. Therefore, they will work at the polls,
to-day, and seek to bring out every voter who
will support their candidates. This is the way
to success, w hich will be sure if sought in ear
nest.
We have already expressed our estimate of
Mr. Crninptou’s qualifications for the office of
mayor; and these are not likely to be called
in question. But we find, also, in the two lists
of candidates for the city council, very con
clusive reasons for supporting the republican
candidates. On the “citizens’” ticket there are
several good republicans; but every candidate
for the wards which the chief managers of the
“citizens’” movement expect to carry, is a dem
ocrat. Wc invite the republican voters to make
a note of this, and observe, also, that the repub
lican nominations for the council are generally
very good.
In ward three, our scheming competitors have
gone so far as to drop one of their "tegularly
nominated candidates for the council, although
a democrat, because they believed he had an in
clination u y<i>--fbr Mr. Crompton. We be-
Jieve^ro^ver, that the friends of the discarded
^rffididate claim that they constitute a majority
of the democrats in the ward, and that the ex
communicating caucus was managed by “bolt
ers.” There is a very decided democratic flavor
in the “citizens” management of their nomina
tions; therefore we hope that no republicans
will allow themselves to aid these shrewd demo
cratic schemers in their desire to capture the
city council. A genuine “citizens” managemen t
of municipal affairs, mutually arranged and
honestly conducted, is one thing; a “citizens’”
movement contrived mainly by one party
against the other, is quite another thing.
Our candidates, from Mr. Crompton down
through the whole list, deserve the warmest
and most effective support that can be given
them; and we feel sure that republican voters
will study the situation and scrutinize the two
lists of candidates, carefully, before voting.
The talk of candidates, hopes, and probabilities,
has been lively for some days. Let there be
honest, earnest woik, to-day, on the part of re
publicans, and their candidateswill be elected.
liiMiirnnce Report.
The insurance commissioner of Massachusetts,
in view of the general unsettling of insurance
matters by the Chicago fire, has issued a special
report to give the present standing of the com
panies doing business in this state. The whole
amount of the losses by the Chicago calamity,
according to our commissioner’s estimate, is
les.- than others have placed it. Mayor Medill,
who makes it less than the earlier estimates,
fixes the amount of the entire loss at one hun
dred and fifty millions. Mr. Clarke thinksit
falls a little short of one hundred and forty
millions. Of this amount more than eighty
millions, fully sixty per cent of the whole, was
insured in nearly two hundred and sixty com
panics, three-fourths of all the insurance com
pank: doing business in the United States. At
the date of the report, Dec. Bth, nearly sixty of
these companies have been forced into absolute
failure, while nearly as many more
have been obliged to adopt measures
for the immediate lestoratlon of capital or
assets often reduced far below the limit of sol
vency. io meet the demand for the earliest re
liable information of the financial condition of
the companies involved, the commissioner re
quired from each company doing business in
Massachusetts, a sworn statement of its gross
present assets and liabilities, with a separated
statement of its losses at Chicago. One hun
dred and five companies, more than half of all
authorized to do business here, were among the
losers, of which twenty-three are home com
panies. Their lotal reported losses foot up near
ly twenty-five millions. The reports are net
yet entirely complete, though nearly all the
companies have made returns. Some of the
losses are estimated as nearly as possible, some
are based upon partial estimates, and in some
cases they are staled at the full amount insured.
Three Massachusetts companies only suffered
to the extent of insolvency, these were the Hide
and Leather, Independent and New England
mutual marine, all of Boston, whose losses were
$720,000, $1,052,000 and $950,000 respectively;
each of these lost at Chicago more than its en
tire assets. The other twenty Massachusetts
companies involved, lost various amounts, from
$2500 the lowest, to SISO,OOCTthe highest, which
was the extent to which the Springfield fire and
maiine company suffered. The four heaviest
losses were the companies just mentioned, the
national, which lost $400,000, the People’s of
this city, which lost $300,000, and the Manuiac
turvr- wh<»se losses amounted to $120,000. The
assets of these companies, as well as of
others, which suffered less, still indicate
lilM-ral ratios of surplus, as regards poli
cy holders, which sufficiently guarantee the
security of all present risks, in the whole
twenty companies the percentage of loss is only
11.49 per cent. The losses of other companies
doing business here are also given, with a list of
those which have suspended business, and also
a full list of all, besides the home companies,
which are authorized to transact business in this
state. This list the commissioner oilers to fur
nish to any applicant who will enclose a stamp
for postage. A large amount of bogus insur
ance, he says, is illegally effected within the state
in irresponsible companies, or those which have
not passed the test ot a Massachusetts examina
tion, and it is worth while for insurers to be
on their guard.
We published, something more than a year
ago. the following extract from Alexander H.
Stephens’ “Constitutional View of the Recent
War.” Recent contemptuous estimates of Gen.
Grant’s ability have again called attention to it.
Mr. Stephens has faults enough, and we arc by
no means disposed to consider him a generally
trustworthy critic of persons or events; but he has
had Jong and extensive acquaintance with pub
lic men and public affairs, and was certainly not
inclined by associations or prejudices to form
too favorable an opinion of the man of whose
appearance he gives the following sketch:
“1 was instantly struck wkh thegrea^simplici
ty and period naturalness of his manners, and
ilie entire absence ol anything like affectation,
show, or even the military air or mein of men in
his position. He was plainly attired, sitting in
a log cabin, busily writing on a small tabled by
a kerosene lamp. It was night when we ar
rived. Thcic was nothing in his appearance or
surroundings which indicated his official rank.
There were neither guards or aids about him.
Upon Col. Babcock’s rapping at his door the
response, “Come in/ was given by himself in a
tone of voice and with a cadence which Jean
never forget.
“His conversation was easy and fluent, with
out the least effort or restraint. In this nothing
was so do. iv noticed by me as the point and
terrenes- with wha ti he expressed whatever be
said. H<* did not seem cither to court or avoid
conversation, bur, whenever he did speak, what
lie -aid was i the point, mid covered the whole
matter in a lew words. I saw before being with
him lona that he was exceedingly quick in per
ception and direct in purpose, with a rant deal
more of brains than tongue, as readv as that was
at his command.
“We were here with Gen. Grant two days. He
furnished us with comfortable quurtrison board
one of his despatch boats. The more I became
acquainted with him, the more 1 became
thoroughly impressed with the very extra
ordinary combination of ran? elements of char
acter which he exhibited. During the time lie
met us frequently, and conversed freely upon
various subjects, not much upon our mission. I
saw, however, very clearly that lie was very
•anxious for flic proposed conference to take
phu e, and from all that was said I inferred—
whether correctly or not I do not know—that he
wn- fully apprised of i's proposed object.
“I poo the whole the result of this first ac
quaiumnee with G m. Grant, beginning withour
g imj to and Hiding with our return from
H imuum Iliads, was the conviction on mv
niind tbui, taken all in all, he was one of the
most nmirkubh- men I had ever met with, and
that his ar^ r in life, if his days should be pro
longed, vox i entered upon; that his cbar
jM-ier Ah- not yet fully devel rped; that he him-
M?li was not aware of hl« own power, and that if
he lived, he would in the future,Sex ?rt a controll
ing infiutn in shaping the destinies of this
^ouairy, either for good or evil. Which it
pi old w, time and tircumsiamcs nkme could
disclose. That was the opinion of him then
formed, and it i- the same which has been uni
iormly expressed by me ever since.”
Americans in England seem to be fastidiously
sensitive on the score of seeming to solicit aid
from foreigners for the sufferers by the Chicago
tire. A great deal of dissatisfaction was ex
pressed by some of them when, almost simulta
neously with the first account of the fire, a dis
patch was received in London, purporting to
come from the New York chamber of commerce,
asking Englishmen to help in relieving the des
titute. Except on the ground that it implied a
doubt of their readiness to give unsolicited, we
see no great impropriety in the request. Hu
manity and mutual helpfullness are not limited
in their operation by national boundaries, and
it is not necessarily more objectionable for a
citizen of New York to say to ins London friend,
“We are trying to relieve the distress of this
desolated city. Can you help us?” than it
would be for the mayor of Springfield, Illinois,
to send a similar message to the mayor of Cin
cinnati.
Au instance of similar fastidiousness, with
much less occasion for it, is the withdrawal of
Mr. George W. Smalley from the Anglo-Ameri
can association, because that society had taken
the initiative in a scheme to present a library to
Chicago. The proposition originated with the
English members, and none of the Americans,
who were very few in number, were asked or ex
pected to take any part in soliciting contribu
tions or otherwise promoting the object. We do
not understand that Mr. Smalley had any Direc
tions to the plan in itself, nor to the inode in
which its accomplishment is sought; but as he
happens to be a native of the country in which
Chicago is situated, his delicate sense of pro
putty has led him to retire from the association.
He does it in such a way as to attract notice to
his action and alleged motive, and English peo
ple laugh at him not unreasonably.
Letter from New York.
llroughmn’M Autobiography Thr Eden
burgh Review The IriNh Reutleiuaii of
Europe -<*rntleiuan Ororge and Him
V ife Brougham’* Dictum a* io the
Duty of Lawycrt-iL* Real l*urport—
Lord and I.inly Holland Brougham
and the Reverend Luke <«raftou.
FROM OUR REGULAR CORRESPONDENT.]
New York, Dec. 9,1871.
I have jusi finished reading the advance sheets
of the third volume of “The Life and Times of
Henry Lord Brougham, written by Himself.”
In some ways this is a notable work. Many
men, and some women, who have played a part
in history have, in their later years, undertaken
to write their biographies. These, as far as
they go, rank among our most charming books.
But they all stop far short of the last years of
their authors’ lives. Southey could get no fur
ther than his boyhood; Jefferson left off at
about the same period; Gibbon went a little
fmther; Catherine Sedgwick broke oft’ at early
womanhood; Benjamin Franklin brought his
autobiography down to his early manhood.
Brougham brings his narrative down to the
time when he had reached the fifty-eighth year
of his life. He lived indeed for a quarter of a
century longer; but, as he writes pathetically
on the last page of his memoirs, “I began this
attempt after I was eighty-three years of age,
with enfeebled intellect, failing memory, and
but slight materials by me to assist it. Above
all that, there was not left one single friend or
associate of my earlier days whose recollections
might have aided mine. All were dead. 1 alone
survived of those who had acted in the scenes I
have here faintly endeavored to retrace.” So
we must look upon this book simply as what it
is: the story told by a man Tar past fourscore, of
what he had seen and done during a long and
busy life. Thus viewed, the book is a notable
one. 1 propose to touch upon only a few of its
salient points.
We have all read about the Edinburgh Re
view, of which Brougham, at the age of twenty
four, was one ot the founders. Sydney Smith’s
story of the origin of the Review has come to
be an accepted fact. Brougham says it is
from first to last utter bosh. According to
Brougham, Smith never was editor of the
Review, and of all the smart young
men who had something to do with it, Smith
was the least fitted to act as editor. “He was,”
says Brougham, “a very moderate classic; he
had not the smallest knowledge of mathematics
or of any science; he was an admirable joker,
and had the art of placing ordinary things in an
infinitely ludicrous point of view.”
Undoubtedly the most interesting part of
these volumes are those which relate to the
quarrels between George IV. and his wife Caro
line. This George, once styled “the first gen
tleman of Europe,” was clearly, whether as
prince of Wales, prince regent, or king, about
the most utter scoundrel of whom history has
to speak. Every man who has need to write of
him must put a few splashes of black upon
his picture. Brougham gives some finishing
touches. How Thackeray would have exulted
could he, when writing his “Four Georges,”
have read what Brougham tells. Everybody
knew that “Gentleman George” was an obscene,
drunken blackguard; that he was a liur, a swin
dler, an adulterer; that he was false tohis wife,
false to his mistresses, false to his friends, false
to his foes. His father hated and despised him;
his mother hated and despised him; his wives
and mistresses hated and despised him; it was
left to Brougham to show how his daughter
hated and despised him. There is some ques
tion among theologians as to whether there is
any such thing as “total depravity.” Those
who take the affirmative, it seems to mo, cannot
find a stronger argument than may be drawn
from the character of George the Fourth, king
of England.
Brougham at the age of forty-three was coun
sel for Queen Caroline in the case brought
against her by her royal husband. The king,
through his ministers, had brought a bill against
her in the house of lords. If the peers passed
the bill it would go to the bouse of commons.
The bill had passed its first reading in the house
of lords, and upon its second reading Brougham,
as counsel for the queen, made a long speech,
one paragraph of which has become famous,
lie said:
“An advocate, Jjy the sacred duty which lie
owes his client, knows, in the discharge of that
office, but one person in the world, tliat client
and none other To save that client by all ex
pedient means, to protect that client at all
hazards and costs to all others, and among
others to himself, is the highest and most un
questioned of his duties, and he must not regard
the alarm, the suffering, the torment, the de
struction, which he may bring upon any other.
Nay, separating even the duties of a patriot
from those of an advocate, and casting them, if
need be, to ihe wind, be must go on, reckless of
the consequences, if his fate it should unhappily
be, to involve his country in confusion for his
client’s protection.”
This dictum, if taken absolutely, is the most
diabolical sentence ever written by any man. On
itsjface it announces that any lawyer is only a
hired bravo, not only at liberty but bound to do
any act, however wrong, for the benefit of his
client. Warren, in his “Duties of Attorneys,”
most justly denounces it. But considered in re’
lation to the circumstances in which it was
uttered, it bears a very different aspect. It was
not a statement of the general duty of an advo
cate; but a fearful threat of what this advocate,
Henry Brougham, could and would do in a spe
cial case.
The threat, perfectly intelligible to the king
and his ministers, but unintelligible to most
others, was this; George, while prince of Wales,
had been married to Mis Fitzhcrbert,a Catholic
woman. By the “Act of Settlement,” under
which alone the king inherited the crown such
a marriage was “a forfeiture of the crown, an if
he were naturally dead.” George knew that,
however drunk he was at the time, Ibis marriage
had been legally solemnized; his ministers knew
it; and they feared that Brougham could prove
it. Brougham’s threat was in effect just this;
“Withdraw this bill, or I can show that the king
has long ago forfeited his right to the crown; and
nothing on earth shall prevent me from doing
this.” The ministers understood the import of
the threat, and withdrew the bill. Had they
done otherwise, the succession to the British
crown would have been changed. Victoria
would not have conic to be queen, and the pres
ent priuce of Wales would not disgust people as
heir apparent.
Odd thiug> now and then crop out in this
book ol Lord Brougham. In the appendix is a
highly laudauji v notice of Lord Holland. Most
ol us remember Macaulay’s famous mention of
Holland house, and its master and mistress.
Holland House was, for a generation, a kind of
political rendezvous. .Statesmen and poets, |hjl
itleiuns and bishops, were never so happy as
fche Spn: ^tnreesfer, gbnbag Earning, December 11. 1871.
when they were invited to the “Hollands.” A
word] from the lord, or a smile from the lady,
was a thing to lie remembered. Only, as it hap
pened, somehow, nobody ever took wife or
daughter to Holland house. Everybody under
stood the reason, though most people were too
courteous to say anything about it. Lord Hol
land, whose proper name was Henry Fox, had,
when almost a boy, seduced, or most likely been
seduced by, Lady Webster, a woman older then
himself, and the mother of three children. Her
husband, Sir Godfrey Webster, procured a di
vorce from her, and she in time married Fox.
She was an heiress in her own right, her maiden
name having been Vassal!. Fox, before becom
ing Lord Holland, assumed by royal license the
name of his paramour, and in the peerage his
name stands as Henr.v Richard Vassal!. This
woman, the adulterous Lady Webster, was the
Lady Holland of whom Macaulay speaks. No
wonder she was in no good repute among reput
able women. Brougham, (as a politician, had
to know the Hollands; but it happened once
that Lady Holland undertook to call upon
Brougham’s mother in Scotland. The tough
old lady ordered the outer gate of the court
yard to be barred. “I am,” she said, “too old
to be hurt by Lady Holland, or anybody of her
kind; but I have an unmarried daughter living
with me, and no Lady Holland shall set foot in
my house.” So Lady Holland had to leave,
and Henry, who happened to beat home, had to
invent all sorts of excuses. “On looking back
to this event,” he Writes, almost half a cent my
afterwards, “I apply to it the long-continued
and bitter spite with which I was favored by
Lady Holland.”
As I have said, Brougham’s autobiography
comes down only to the year 1835. The follow
ing anecdote belongs to a period twenty years
later:
All American travelers of 1855 or thereabouts,
will remember “Randall’s Commercial board
ing house,” in King street, London. Americans
made it their home in those days. Among the
guests at that time was the late Rev. Dr. J. M.
McClintock, one of the best Methodists who
ever lived; but whom everybody who knew
him would call “Mac,” in spite of his theolog
ical doctorate. There was also another Ameri
can traveler. He had been a clergyman, and af
terwards had very creditably represented in con
gress a Massachusetts district. 1 shall call him
the Rev. Luke Grafton, although that .is not his
name to a T.
One evening “Mac” said to the Reverend and
Honorable Luke, “I had hoped to offer you a
treat this evening. There is to be a ‘field night'
in the house of peers. I expected three tickets
for the gallery, one of which was to be for you.
Unluckily I have only two, and so I can not in
vite you to join our party.” “Much obliged,”
said the Reverend Luke, “but I am going to the
lords this evening.” ‘‘Have you an order?”
“No.” “Then you won’t be admitted to the
gallery.” “lam not going into the gallery; I
shall go on the floor.” “Impossible; you can’t
go upon the floor except with a special intro
duction by a peer; have you an introduction?”
“No,” cool}’ replied the Reverend Luke, “I have
not any introduction; but I have traveled be
fore, and 1 never [found any difficulty in going
where 1 wished. lam going upon the floor of
the peers to night. If you are in the gallery
you’ll sec me there. Au revoir”
Night came, and after much crowding and
pushing, “Mac” and his friend forced their way
into the gallery of the house of lords. They
were hardly seated when they saw the Reverend
Luke walking up the floor, accompanied by an
elderly gentleman, with the ugliest nose and
the wont-fitting pair of plaid trowsers in the
kingdom. Nobody could mistake this man. It
was Lord Brougham. All the evening bis lord
ship appeared to be much more attentive to his
American friend than to the proceedings of the
house. At last, long after midnight, Brougham
arose and delivered a short but fiery speech. At
the close he shook hands with the Reverend
Luke, who bowed and took his leave.
An hour later, “Mac” found the reverend gen
tleman quietly seated in the coffee room of their
hotel. “Mr. Grafton,” said he, “wc saw you on
the floor with Lord Brougham. I didn’t know
that you were acquainted with his lordship.”
“I was not; I never saw him until to-night.”
“You had letters to him?” “No, nothing of the
kind.” “Then how did you manage it?”
“It was a very simple affair,” replied Luke,
“hardly worth mentioning; but as you seem
rather curious, I will tell you about it, though
it is hardly worth while. I walked up to the
peers’ entrance, where I was of course stopped
by an official. “This is the peers’ entrance,” he
said; “you can’t pass here; if you have an or
der for the gallery, go to the proper door.” “I
understand very well,” said I: “send in my
card to Lord Brougham.’' “To Lord Brougham,
beg your pardon; pass on if you please.”
“I was stopped once or twice,” cjntinu d the
Reverend Luke; “but I just said, ‘My card has
been sent to Lord Brougham.’ Nothing more
was wanted. So I waited a few minutes in the
ante-room. A gentleman came in reading a
card through his eye-glasses. I knew from the
pictures I had seen that this was Brougham,
and stepped forward to meet Idm. ‘The Honor
able and Reverend Luke Grafton, of America,
I presume,’ said he. ‘Yes, my lord,”
I replied; ‘and as an American, I can ask your
lordship’s courtesy, In America, no mime is
more highly honored than that of Henry
Brougham. Prom a hoy I have admired your
lordship’s writings, and now, being in England,
I could not be satisfied without meeting you.
I have been told that this is to be a field-night
in the peers, and I take the liberty to ask your
lordship to introduce me upon the floor of the
house. I need not say that, should you ever
visit America, shgH be happy to reciprocate
the courtesy.’ ‘I shall have great pleasure in
doing so,’ said Brougham; and we went in,and
had some ple^arj talk, Brougham pointing
out to me all the celebrities present.
“At last,” continued the reverend Luke,
without even wining as he told the story, “1
saw that the session was drawing io a close.”
‘Pardon me, my lord,’ 1 said to Brougham, ‘1
had understood that yqqr lordship was to speak
to-night. I hope I was not mistniormed; for if
I go back to America without having heard a
speech from Henry Brougham, I shall feel that
I have failed in attaining one great part of the
object of my journey.’ ‘Well, Mr. Grafton,’
said Brougham, ‘I hud not intended to speak
to-night; but as it will gratify you, 1 wiil do so
with pleasure.’
“And so,” couciucled Jlje Reverend Luke,
“Brougham made the speech which you heard.
I thought it was a pretty good one—may be not
one of his best, hut yery piir. If it had not
been for me, you woqld never flare heard
Brougham speak.”
How far the Reverend Luke romancing,
nobody but himself knows. But that he appeared
on the floor of the house, escorted by Brougham,
and that toward morning Rroggham made a
capital speech, is certain.
Brougham has taken up quite as much space
as one letter should. What 1 bad purposed to
say of Lanfrey’s Napoleon, of Mrs, Mulock-
Craik and her novels, and of sundry other
books, must lie over for my next letter.
A. If. G.
A Suicide’s Senmationh.—A man in Harris
burg recently attempted to commit snicideby
taking a grain of strychnine. The skill >f his
physician having saved his life, he narrates his
experience for the benefit of science. He says:
In the course of five minutes 1 began to feel
slight cramps in the calves of my legs, The
cramps increased in intensity and extended to
the feet and thighs, causing the most intense
pain. 1 attempted to rise from the chair but
fell to the floor with convulsions in the lower
extremities. Unsuccessful attempts were made
to bath my feet in hot water, each effort to raise
me bringing on a violent paroxysm, iu the last
one of which 1 thought that my jaws had be
comc|iinhinged. I was now perfectly paralvzed
from the hips down, and suffering the most ex
cruciating pains, which began to extend up
ward; the muscles of the shoulders and neck
soon being considerably convulsed, the fore
arms still being free from pain, 1 now prepared
lor the final struggle, which I km m must be
near at hand, as I had become rigid from the
neck down, save the forearm. IV convul
sions of the neck were becoming fearful,
and the torture awful to endure. My hands
were drawn into my bides, with the fingers
drawn apart, and slightly bowed, and the jaws
became rigid. 1 felt myself raised us if by some
mighty j.ower, and fixed Immovably, with only
my feet ami hands touching anything, l became
unconscious of everything except my own
agony, which was now beyond all description.
I could feel my heart fluttering and my brain
beating and throbbing with an irregular'motion
as though at every beat it would burst from its
confinement. Every joint was locked, and every
drop of blood seemed stagnated. I reinember
thinking it could not be long thus, when 1 must
have lost consciousness. 1 remember nothing
more until I felt a sensation of relief, as though
the garments of death, which had been drawn
over me, were now being drawn back, Those
terrible cramps seemed to be descending toward
my lower limbs. A feeling of relief stole over
me, and I began tv be again conscious, from
that lime I resumed consciousness, when 1 was
entirely free from cramps with the exception of
a little in the loot. I had hut one attack of
I cramps afterward, which was immediately rc
lieved by a dose administered by my wife —the
doctor having left for a short time, and when he
returned 1 felt that the poison was complely neu-
tralized.
Alexia in Dhilßdelphin.
The Grand Duke Alexis, as we learn from our
correspondents, having duly gone through with
the state reception, breakfast and ball, arranged
tor him on Monday last by his Philadelphia
hosts, heard of a certain Methodist fair which
was going on in the city, ami expressed a de
sire to visit it, to the great disgust of the re
c jiving committee. A fair with its pretty girls
and pin-cushions, was beneath the contempt of
even ex-mavors or generals, much less an im
perial highness. The imperial highness, how
ever, had his own wav, went to Ihe fair, flirted
with the prettiest sales-womcn, bought slippers
and paper knives, threw about his greenbacks
with as keen an appreciation ol fun as any other
lad, and, as the Philadelphians report with
amazement, “appeared to enjoy himself there as
he had not done since he came to the city.”
It seems tons that not only Philadelphians
but all Americans might take a hint here as to
their misapprehension of the aim of true hospi
tality. The fact is, we are the only nation un
der heaven ashamed of being ourselves in the
eyes of strangers. The Englishman welcomes
his guest to his heavy dinners; the Frenchman
offers the exquisite plats of his dejeuners or the
evening wit and cau-sucrec of the salons; the
Italian,music and half lights in the conversazione.
They do not alter in one whit their ordinary
habit foi bis coming or going. But let a
foreigner of note come among us, and while we
display our ships and shops and schools as un
mistakably our own, wc betray a frantic haste
to alter our manners, dress, and meals into
what we conceive to be the usage of good so
ciety in Europe. So far was. this ambition
carried in Philadelphia (as to New York, we
never mention it), that some half dozen of the
merchants and publishers who were his hosts
sat and ate apart with the grand duke, after
the court fashion, while the remainder of his
entertainers herded together and looked hungrily
and enviously on. What explanation was offered
for this division into castes of the “sovereigns,”
we know not. The truth is, that Americans have
so often been laughed at as ill-bred that we slip
into those grossly vulgar mistakes in trying to
prove our good breeding. We occupy precisely
the position among nations that an uneasy
nouveau riche does in society when he tries to
establish his rank by talking of his acquaint
ances. If we could remember but one broad
fact, we could regain our composure and self-re
spect; which is that every nation has and ought
to have its own habits and manners as well as
traits of character, and it is to see and study
these in our simple, unaffected home lives that
foreigners come among us, not to be treated to
tawdry imitation ot court forms of which we
know nothing. The Russian duke, no doubt,
gained a better idea ot our real every day man
ner, the delicacy or lack of it in our women, the
habit of social intercourse between the sexes,
in his morning at the Methodist fair than in a
dozen speech making balls and banquets.
This habit of temporary disguise follows us
into all fashionable hospitality. A man who
has gone through a winter in New York or Phil
adelphia can testify of so many balls, break
fasts, dinners, receptions, precisely alike. There
were the same decorations, the same dances,
the same dishes, and to a certain extent, the
same guests. At home and alone we are our
selves. Every family (that weighs any weight
in the world) lias its idiosyncrasy, its favorite
dishes, way of cooking; some peculiarities of
habit of every-day routine, of talking, of ideas,
that set it apart and give it an original flavor,
differing from its neighbors. True hospitality
would he to open our bouse only to such as wc
chose should know us as we are, but to open it
to them freely and unreservedly. When once a
year or once a week we fill it with a mob from
garret to cellar, to whom we give dance music
and a supper, our hospitality extends but from
our pockets to their feet and stomachs. But
when the cover is laid daily for the chance
guest who is free to look into the arcana of our
inner family life, we bid him welcome to our
best thought and to whatever fruit lite has borne
for us of domestic love and integrity. Some day,
perhaps, American hospitality may reach this
high level, and escape the rule of dancing-mas
ters and restaurateurs.—.V. Y. Tribune.
The Wickeuburg Murder.
[From the Prescott (Arizona) Miner of Nov. 11
The mail due at this place on Monday arrived
early in the afternoon of Tuesday, bringing the
particulars, so far as known,of one of the blood
iest deeds ever committed in Arizona. At an
early hour on Sunday morning, the sth inst.,
the mail stage on the route from Wickenburg to
Ehrenberg left the former place with the driver,
John L inz, and the following named passen
gers: Frederick Shoholm, Frederick W. Loring,
P. M. Hamel, W. G. Salmon, C. S Adams, Wm.
Kruger and Miss Sheppard. At a point about
nine miles from Wickenburg a party of mounted
men, either Indians, or Mexican bandits dis
guised after the fashion of Apache warriors,
rushed down upon the stage as it was passing
through a canyon and fired a volley into the
passengers, killing all but two persons and
slightly wounding these. The wounded—Mr.
Kruger and Miss Sheppard—not being disabled,
immediately sprang from the stage, which was
now brought to a halt, and started together to
ward Culling's station, While one detachment
of the bloodthirsty demons surrounded the stage,
the balance went in pursuit of the fugitives, and
kept up a desultory tire; but being all mounted,
their aim was unsteady, so that beyond a slight
wound received by Miss Sheppard, neither sus
tained further injury thaq tl;e pounds inflicted
by the first lire. I his pursuit was kept up for a
distance of nearly half a mile—the pursuers
being, meanwhile, kept at bay by Mr. Kruger,
who still retained his revolver and fired upon
them whenever they drew too near, causing
them io scatter and retreat, but only to rally
again to the pursuit, until finally they withdrew
and joined their fellows. The fugitives con
tinued on their way toward Culling’s Wells,
until they hailed the eastward-bound npiil, a
few luilcs from that station. ijetn they were
picked up by the driver, who retraced his
steps to the station, from which point
information of the calamity was sent to Wicken
burg by way of the Vulture mine, the bearer fear
ing to proceed by the direct route. The dis
patch readied WivkeiiLmg qLout midnight,
when two parties of citizens started for the
scene,—one to bring in the dead, and the other,
under command ot George Munroe, to take the
trail p| tfle njurderers Upoq reaching the
stage a most horrible pieitiH: was presenteu to
their sight. Six men—Messrs. Loring, Shoholm,
Hanz, Hamel, Adams and Salmon, who.eighteen
hours previous, left Wickenburg full of life and
hope, and iq tire hupny anticipatiqii oi auou
again greeting their friends, after a prolonged
absence —lay side by side, rigid in death and
drenched in blood—the unavenged victims of a
murder aaiK and as uauiuat.it ever
stained the hands of uh assassin
The mystery which surrounds the identity of
the murderers exists in the disposition which
v;as made of the mail and baggage: One mail
sack wai cut open amt pa contents scattered
over the ground, the other was left untouched.
The baggage of the passengers was broken
open, and while articles of but little value were
carried away, hp'gc sums of money and other
valuables remained. All this tyodid suggest
the work of ignorant savages, but as neither the
arms, ammunition nor animals had been re
moved, some arc imimed io the opinion that the
outrage was perpetrated by a band of Mexican
bandits from Sonora. Mr. Kruger, who has
really Ipid rhe best opportunity of deciding this
question, states positively that nmy were In
dians. Bui at all events the next mail may
bring reports which w ill place the guilt of this
terrible crime where it properly belongs, when
we hope it will not qt itn to tiit mull Authori
ties of Arizona to redress the wrong, or rather
to avenge an outrage against this government
and people at large.
The remainder ol the Wheeler expedition—the
commands under Lieut. Wheeler and Lieut.
I ysle—arrived on Monday. On Tuesday Lieut,
Wheeler disposed or a large quantity of surplus
goods which he had on hand, consisting of
clothing, blankets, etc,, besides one pair of
mqlcs ami a vehicle, and started on Thursday
with a part of tue con|man4 to go to Gamp
Apache via the San Francisco mountain. The
rest of the expedition, under Lieut. Lock wood,
started ioi the sfin^puint via Camp Verde, At
Camp Apache the detachments will be reunited,
and will proceed thence in a body to Tucson,
where the expedition will be dissolved. The
topographical corps \yill proceed thence tn Cali
fornia, and return to the eqst by rail, The re
mainder of the expedition will probably remain
in Arizona.
Death of an Oil Fringe,-James Tarr,
one of the oil princes, died at Meadville, Penn
sylvania, last week. He belonged to the class
of old residents who found themselves made
suddenly ri< h by the possession of oil territory,
whose unthrifty soil had for many years previ
ous a Horded them but a scanty subsistence.
The history of the Tarr farm, us oil-producing
territory, dates from June, 1801, when the Crane
Stewart well was struck. Hie farm embraces
a tract of 198 acres. In August, 1801, Mr. Tarr
sold onedialf his land interest in the oil for
$20,000, to Clark Sumner, of New York. The
same parties offered SBO,OOO for the entire roy.
alty, but Mr. Tarr refused to sell. Clark
Sumner resold a one-third interest of the pur
chase to Col. Payne, Bernard Spencer, and
oth rs, ot Rochester, New York, for $85,000, but
the rapid decline in the price of oil made these
parties regret their purchase, and they subse
quently disposed of their interest to the same
firm at the buying price. New and paying
wells were continually developed, and Mr. Tarr
of course, avciunalatod a splendid fortune. In’
the fall of 1865, when gold wa< worth $2.50, he
was offered $300,000 for the fee simple of the
lair farm, which was equivalent to $2,000,000.
He refused it. I p to the month of October^
1805, the total production from June, 1861, cov
ering a period of about four and a half years,
exceeded 010,000 barrels.
Rev. William T. Catto, father of the late Prof.
Catto, died suddenly in Philadelphia Friday,
ol heart disease, Mr. Catto was a man of wide
influence, ami was held in high estimation by
the community, Bis home was at Morristown.
New Jersey, where he was pastor of u Metho
dist church.
Prof. Mac, if possible, will be at the Lincoln
house again ou Tuesday, 12th lust,
Human Bair.—J.Medina Co. are selling hair
switches and curls‘at very low prices; also the very
best imitation of hair in gray ai.d all colors, of h|s
own manufacture, ah goods warranted to be as
represented. Ladles avail yourselves of the oppor
tunity,
J, Medina Co., 2V2 Main st., Flagg’s block,
Ij VUBIS r r AT A. RK KTH.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
New Yokk. Dec. 9.—The bank statement for the week
turns out to be quite unfavorable, contrary to the >'eivr
al expectation. The gain In specie Is a Utile over
000, while the loss in legal tenders reaches the enormous
sum ot 6 4 millions. \s the deDosii- are down only
$1,000,000. the bunks lose ov. r I .■.’50.000 in their -nrplus
reserve, which is now reduced io $5.7110,1X10. Ihe changes
since last week arc in detail as follows: Increase in .cans
51,771 500: Increase in specie, $5,110,400: deen aseln legal
tenders, $0,741,500; d.'crei-e in deposits, $1,10S,»00; in
crease in circulation, $15,900.
The gold market has b.cu f nerlsh within a narr >w
runge of fluctuations, viz., between 109 OC HOh. The
s eculatlve sentiment aroused by the contingencies con
nectod with the illness of the prince i.f Wales lias vari< d
to this little extent inconsequence of the mi-pt use as to
the future of his malady, ash gold was in good supply
at 5 (a) 7 per cent for carrying.- The gross clearances
were $51,0u0,000. and Ilie specie shipment SIHO.<)O3
'I lie money market was steady at 6 (o p. r cent until af
ter 2 o’clock, when the demand became sharp at 7 per
cent currency to 7 percent coin.
State bonds were firm and generally steady.
Government bonds were steady, and leave off with a
Ann undertone, as follows:
United Htates 5Wb, coupons 111'4
:BSS, 111*4
1867, n- r
10-408 .V9X
United States currency bs H3 s i
The stock market betore the bank statement was per
vaded by a strong ami buoytint tone. an<l prices were
higher to the extent of an average of prcity nearly H
p r cent, the chief feature being Lake shore, which
touched 91'4, Pnvitle Mail 4HH,and <>hio4a\. Since Ilie
bank statement, and since the more active demand for
money which followed it, prices have undergone a re
lapse,* and the market at ilic close shows considerable
weakness at a decline equal to amt in many instances
more than the improvement of the nioining. stocks
closed as follows:
fii. Y. central Hudson Ri ver,consol'd, 93
do Jo do do scrip «7?4
Erle railroad 31W
Reading railroad Hs'»
Lake Shore Mi' t’.ginSouthern b R 90’+
do do do scrip 84^
Cleveland and 1 luoburi: railroad 126 k
Chicago and Norcbwo&tern railroad .61
do do preferred 9# bid
Chicago and Rock la'an't rßllroae 103*4
Pacific Mail Steamship company 4s
Milwaukee ami Ht. Paui railroad M‘4
do do nref 7s
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 43
•>uoo ani WM as-r. u*nroad 63*f
Western Union Telegraph company. 6s s
Union Pacific railroad stock 27h
BOSTON STOCK SALK*-Dec. 9.
51.500 United States Five-twenties. 1865 HIM
$3,100 July, IH6 113 S
$1,900 1867 H4M
sl,lOl 1868 I|4*;
SI,OOO Massachusetts state ss. 1894, gold ysM
',OOO Boston city 6s, currency loo 1
$54,000 Hurltord ana Erie railroad 7s, new 27'4(^28
$3,000 Albany City 6s 93 S
SB,OOO Ulty of Lowell 6^, 1894 99
$lO,OOll Maryland and Delawan JU! i> lss.’> 50
SI,OOO sale'm and Lowell railroad 6s, 187 s 95M
$10,00.) Western railroad 6s. 1875 98H&98*ii
SI,OOO Miehigm Central it IL Bs, 1-90 Hißs
$2,000 Union Pacific railroad 6s 815'4
SII,OOO Union Pacific land grants B
SI,OOO t in., Sandusky un i Cleveland 1! 7s si
70 Chicago, Bullington anti Quincy K 130 H
20 Eastern railroad. N.H 101 ‘4
22 F itc h burg.rai I road 130
50 Norwich ami Worcester railroad I17K@;I1k
8j Bouton and Albany raiiroa< 145^.146
128 Phil.. Wil. and Baltimore radr a i ss\(aVj
5 Pittsfield and North Adams railroad ..85
102 Vermont and Canada railroad 98;,(0.99
13 Portland. Saco ami Portsmouth railroad .I?9H
10 Northern railroad I in
3 Eastern railroad iqg
200 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad 7-i(<t7 '4
326 Michigan Central railroad rights 2.10ta2.t2L
2 Old Colony and NewporGraitroad 07
88 Rutland railroad, nrel 77
4 Lowell Manufacturing Company ..il)20
10 Nauuikeag Steam Cotton jlrill I:<4(o 1 15
3 York Manufaeturiim ompanv. jo of f hijj'..
4 Hamilton Manuiaeiunng Companv 9'20(a925
2 Pepperoil Manufacturing Co ^5
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
New York, Dec. 9.-Colton advanced We; sales 26.'6
bales; middling uplands 19%c Flour firm; sales 9000
btns: State $5,15 (o. 7,10; Ohio $6,50 (a 7.30; western $5 75
('C 7.50 southern s6,st) (d 9.25. Wheat firm sales 21.i<U0
bush; ?o 2 s’ring $1,52 t,53; amber state $1.59(<?. 1 60;
white st tie $1,65 1,75; winter red western^! 58 so) 1 60
Corn a shade firmer; sales 64,009 hush m w mixed w.'-i
ern 76 (<6 78c; oil 79S (a 80c. Oats heav. -d.s 85 000
bush: Ohio an I western 56 0 57.- B< cf mpkl, plain
mess *9 (<e sll. Pork firm and in fair demand; sales
1550 bbls: mcsssl3.so. i.a;d hrm: sales l«ot) i( ieam
98. 9MC{ bottled ic. Whi.'kcy quin and firm; sales
JOObbls; western sl.iil. Ric- quiet: Carolina s), (a 9e.
Sugar quiet; sales 200 hhds Muscovado 9 9-n'. oft<e
quiet and firm; Rio 17?. 20c I’etrnleum firm; crude
Lts,^ i3\c; refined 23c, Tallow active; sale> 42 >,OOO
lbs at 9 ^9*.c. Wool active and verv firm: pulici 62
^6sc: i’exas 39 43e: Caliionda 36 (d. 4.!e.
Chicago, Dec. 9.-Flour 11:m. Wheal advanced; No
2 spring, last halt this immih. $1,21. Corn ac ive and
higher; N.>2 mixed 42‘1 4’2 B Oats drooping; No 2.
32X. Barley unchanged. Mess pork in goon d man at
$13.05. Green meais unchange i. Live ho, s $3,85 (0 4,15;
dressed $4,80 4.85. Whiskey 91 Lc Reciipis—sollo unis
flour. 20,090 bush wheat. 103,090 bush corn. U.Oiio bush
oats,3ooo bush lye, 120.000 hush banev. 24.000 hogs. Ship
ments-5000 bbls flour. SJOJ bush v. heal, 1 IJHiO hush corn
6900 bush oats, 3009 hush rye, 11.000 tm-h bai kv, ’0 out)
hogs.
Cincinnati. Dec. 9.—Pork firm at $13.50 cash, kird
stea.iy at B’. 9c. Bulk nieats~?hoiilde.s 5 (d 5Sc;
sides 6 6'ic. Bacon unchanged. Ho^s steady at $4 '5
i».4.50; receipts 11,000. Whiskey firm at 92e.
aew Okleans, Dec. 9.—Cution -irung; middlings 19c.
Winter is now fairly upon us. and the teams are has
tening to the lumber woods in various parts of Ihe
country. Our advice to every man who goes to the
woo s, be he captain, cook, teamster, or any oilier man,
is to lake along a good stock of Johnson s Anodyne r.iui
ment and Parson's Purgative Pilis. Many months ui
labor (in the aggregate) maybe saved by this precau
tion,
Bad enough to look and feel bad yourself; but no
excuse for having your horse look and feel badly, when
for a smail sum you can buy Sher dm's Cavalry Condi
tion Powders, which given in grain two or three times a
week, will make him look and feel well.
dll deop Awl w
Serial
Regulated Diet.
For the rebuilding of imperfect health, i regulated
diet is often had recourse to. But this is open to Hie
objection, that even under the most skiihul handling,
there may be articles of food prescribed which—at lea=t
m some circumstances- and to some constitutions—may
prove the reverse of beneficial. The use of a tonic stun
uhmt. (such as hr. Gottlieb Fisch’s Bitters.) obviates
this drawback; because it is oqe o; th o properties of a
true toqlc stimulant to urge on the excretory functions,
and thus to enable the system, with the greater ease and
promptitude, to throw off anything which, through
peculiarity of constitution, may have proved imurious*
Such, in its workings, is hr. Gottlieb Fisht’s Bit »rs- so
that while it has the positive merit of strengthening the
digestive functions amt the appetite, ami thus increasing
the nervous and muscular forces of the syst em generally,
it has also the negative imr.t, that it cannot possibly do
harm.'
This subject continued next week under “Food is
Fye-' qeop&wlw .Hl
Republican Congressional Dislriot
Convention.
The Republicans of the Ninth Congressional District
are requested to .-end delegates tu a convention tube
held at vyashington Hall, Greenfield, on Wednesday,
Dee. 20,1871, at 12 o’clock M for the purpose of nomi
nating a candidate for Member of Congress to sll the
vacancy occasioned by the reHgqatiou m William B.
Wajdiqrq. E^uh town ami each ward of a city is etui
tied to ..ne delegate in the convention and one additional
delegate fur every two hundred voter- in such ell v or
town, according to the last census of ■j.t.qj,
h l. JAMES, Chairman.
Rikus Howland, Secretary.
Dec 7. 1871. ('cop'll
1-ateut* secured.
Re-issmo. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured:
Intertcrence.s conducted; all kinds of bu.-imss with ihe
PATENT OFFICE
Transfersof Right- and ;*u,un attended to. bv
1 b><>Ll», W
Ot vtut No. „c, Main s.
al2 du
Worcester Five Out* Na; Bank.
OFFICE, NO. 08 MAIN HTrvft. WORCESTER
This Bank i- open every business day,from nine o’clock
in the morning to five o’clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to Oxi Tiiolsanu Doi.
laks received, un't put upon interest on the fr.a of every
month.
DiviOß.n, OS lar ~WT qK made In January an;
July, mid IT nut withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive interest, Three Do!
la B OLAHKKDOK 11AKK1S,
_ Treasurer.
Pho Worcester Meebfluates Bovinas Bonk
IF CFNTtiAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank Ie open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon interest on Uo day of
tach monili.
Bemi-annuai Dividends in January and July.
UAKaHSON BZ4BB President.
H. WoobWAHD. Traas’r.
deci dftwtf
I’eople’s Nuvinuh Dank,
452 MAIN ST.
DepoaitN Nov.l.’Tl 1 D.G35 88.
Deposits are put on interest un the first day of every
month.
Ihe net profits are ditided semi-annually, in February
and August,
Inaddiilun to the usual Bank Hours, Hie Bank is open
lrom« to x o'clock Saturday Evening-, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. mason, President.
C. M. BENT, Treos.
_ Wni,,..!, r N,. v n 2
Worcester County EnNtituliou for Movings
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1828.
Deposits put on interest on the first day of each month
Dividends made every January and Juy.
Deposits May 1, 1871 »4,5<15,«L> RO.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. BULLOCK, President.
dawtf C. a. HAMILTON. Treasurer.
BnUhelor** Hair I>yc. i i.
IS the best tn //<e nw/</-pri fcct.lx imrmle.xs, reliable and
instantaneous: no disappoint meui: no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Wm, A. Bih helm's
Jia r Dye produce- iinntediidely a splendid Black or
Natural Lnmn leaves t lie hair clean, suit, b. antiiul;
does not contain a particle of h ad or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists, la.lmv. hi B-md st
<Hyr iyio
Hr. >l. linker,
DENTIST.
il 1 earl st opposite the Post Office.
*>2 -i''m
Indexicul silver Soapt
llnure
year; bUiii^
everywhere^ .13,
1.. Ml l ri'Hl.-hl, li.ecror the I'lanu Furl. Order,
ere m-elved al hV. MecoHMivS. r. o, Block.
irM i'jswn_
On Mu. ei H 11. Lu m. n from
J 2! ‘■'runiiml AliU'i rln early Ute. Manhoo.l
J* cured, lim.e.llnunN to
M.irnagi removed, New method of treatment. New
and remarkable remedies. Books and Circular.! sent
s l,d envelopes. Addre>s HOWaHD IS.sd.
lAIION, No. 2 South Ninth street, Philadelphia Pa
nl '•luAlhhu
Ur. Henry F. Clnik,
Office corner Myrti^ and Southbridge sts,
Kallying Committees,
The Republican City Committee on Saturday, desig
nated the following persons to act as rallying commit
tees at the poll* on Monday. Let them and all others in
favor of the election of the Municipal ticket heade I by
Gkobgi Cbomfton, appear early at the polls:
WARP 1.
W W Rice. Geo I Alden,
Hanley Williams. II B Wilder.
William Dickinson. Chas A chase.
Wm r Merrifield, M M Garfield.
S salhimn-, Jr. Sluts Whitmore.
A D Warfen, .1 D Da dels,
Chas E Stevens, Darius Putnam.
A B it Sprague. D M Woodward.
James Green, Jr. Israel N Keyes,
Jerome Marble. Edward H Knowlton.
Geo F Thompson, Waterman A Fisher.
W A S Smyth, A N Chase.
John Gates, Geo EGiaawin,
T E Hall. Frederick Knowlton,
Edward Kendall, Geo L Bliss,
Geo s iloppln, C K Hubbard,
James D urbank, S s Green,
C o Thompson, L P Goddard,
Geo Sumner, David Boyden,
Henry Palmer, Geo T Foster.
A N urricr. John H Brooks,
Geo A Gat-s, P S Sears,
John Q Adams. LewisS Carpenter,
S F Babbitt. E H Snow.
John Lynani. Wm Knowles,
Geo II Kendall, TJ Hastings,
Geo W Russell, G II Estabrook.
WARD 2.
P L Moan, R L SmyUt,
L W Pond. Chas II Morgan.
Lewis Barnard, J Eva its nene.
T I. Nelson. Clark Jlllson,
Henry Goddard. W Fisk Wheeler,
Chas M Miles, John M Knapp,
G Henry Whitcomb, O A Kvlhy. Jr.
Wm T Harlow. Geo A Barnard.
Parritt Blaisdell, S A Porter,
Edward Earle. Thus L Baird,
S R Heywood. H L Shumway,
Albert Tolman, John Barnard.
ward 3.
Thomas Harrington. Daniel W Bernis.
James Draper, Henry C Willsun.
SEC.rtls, DDWilev,
F J Barnard, George E Smith.
ward 4.
John P Streeter, Geo H Clark.
M S McConville. Willard F Pond,
Chas Moody, E M Stockwell,
Waldo Sessions, Dr J G Park,
II l> Barber, Geo p Kendrick,
E H Newton, A V Newton,
FB Norton, M II Cowden,
Elisha Kelley, Geo Sessions.
WARD 5.
O L Hatch, John Dawson, j
O N Pond, RC Taylor.
A A Gordon, W 11 himan,
A Newbury, R N Merriam,
Jona D Grout. John Green,
Chas E Parker, N F Perry,
A P Buller, E C Moore,
S V stone, Hiram Cushman,
D S Jackson. Jackson Gordon,
oils Stebbins, E K Rice.
C W Hamilton, W 11 Larkin,
Jus S Perry, K T Rawson,
E S Pike, Horace Wyman,
Caleb Colvin, Sam C smitu.
WARD 6.
J H Walker, W C Barnard,
.1 B Knox, J A Bancroft,
C A Ha'dy, J L Blood.
John Dean, Samuel Brown,
Joseph A Lung. D p Brown.
C G Reed. E 1’ Brewer.
Wm Hovle. B F Clough,
John G Coes. G S Clough.
P A Thompson, M H Caandler.
W A Tracy. J E Carlton,
AG Mann. H F Clark.
Geo C Bigclow, N c Crosby, Jr.
w illard Ward, Augustus Coolidge,
II C Rawson, Win H Dexter,
DM Rawson, Win I Holbrook,
oils Warren, C G Redding.
Geo G Hildreth, J R Torrev,
Henry C Pyne, L Harrington,
J Whitcomb. J W Jordan,
H F Steadman, H Fairbanks,
Aaron Ward, 11 T Farrer.
J G Waters. J p Fay.
Geo E Culver, CP Morse,
Franklin Whipple, Abram Fins.
S F Bond. Luring Fosket,
Win B Mclver, F r Goulding.
F K Marble. Edwin Gleason,
Mowry Lapham, Austin Gleason,
f rancis blood, 1> s Goddard
S E Hildreth, ts W Goddaid,
H Hill, c Gunder»on,
C B Eaton, Curtis B Green,
C B Robbins. E H Peabodv,
M C Whit tier, H J Jennings,
Loring Coes, John W Hoppin
Adin Tolman, c A Hoppin.
1' 11 Stearns. Samuel Houghton,
Alzirus Brown, H J Howland.
A P Albee. H B Hubbard,
Walter Barber, G J Rugg.
A P Fairbanks,
WARD 7.
A G Coes. John C Mason,
J 1> Lovell, s M Richardson,
Edwin Ames, Joseph A Howland.
J 1' Houghton. J p Buflum,
Calvin L Hartshorn. H C Adams.
LN Gates, J E Benchley.
LJ Know.es, Samuel H Colton,
E T Marble, Henry Gritlin.
WG Maynard. Geo Jaques.
A B Lovell, Edwin A Fawcett.
LC Muzzy. TE St John.
11 H Merriam, Timothy S stone,
A M Barrows, Luciun 11 Stone,
O B Hadwen. Wil iam B Lvun,
Joseph Curtis, Chas o Ricniirdson.
C N Hair, William H Heywood,
A G W inker, James a Norcross,
J s Baldwin, L' w Clieriingion,
Edwin Lovell, Rufus Chase,
has Ballard, fa Eldred,
s D Tourtelott, Henry W Reed,
Chas Go tilard, Frederick Revere
Augustus Gates, S J Chamocrlam
FSPrentke, EHL Thayer.
Geo A dr.ch, Wm M Bergin,
Jones E Estabrook, W Knuwnon,
Edward W Ball, Addison M Knight,
A A Goodell, Lyman Drury,
E Mearns, Edward H Parker,
J F sutton, Corbin Wood,
F C Thiyer, D G lap’ev.
Lusher Goddard, Geo E Ham,
W E Htw. Geo K Kennedy,
I B Knawtes, Horace L Jenxes,
Warren McFerland. John Templeton
11 C Wail worth, Sullivan forehand
A H Hammond, j f Manning,
WARD 8.
li 00 9. eer L Jtewton,
li A Murali. \y h Hathorne,
Jehu D Washburn. F T Bla< kmer,
•I E 1 ucker. Charles A Chase,
simmer rratt. Geo s Barion.
Josiah Pickett, h F Bishop,
Wm 11 Drury, Dr J M Rice.
C G Parker, Charlo H Pi ^k
TS Johnson, EH iqwnf
Ailin 1 h .yer, Stoddard,
EEAbbutt,
1». B Harding, Daniel seagrave.
G W Richardson, H C Rice
Nath’l Paine. j g ToLc’y
P Emory A.drich. Addison Fahnci
Gerry kuicbmson, Wm F Klee 1
H< nry Cmmin, pr Alliert Wood,
L. F Halsted. m Gross,
Jus Sa^eiit Jr. B d DwiunelL
Ju-'jah ri Mrkc. W J Hapgoud,
pro Martin, sam’i Winsluw
J) H Eame«, C H Harvey.
By vote 01 the Republican iiy Conmuiice.
A. G. WALKER, vlcMnmm.
Johx S. Baldwin, Sec'y. dh
Toe
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AND
PEOPLei S WIHQ* 'HASH EUIEDLS9
Worcester.
GEORIfK- KivE, President.
Receives Itonsy on Deposit subject to Ch^ck at Eight,
AND ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE RATg qf
rouk PER rs* ANNUM.
1 cn w ea Burglar Proof Cases, to which
ue I,w c V l,as ap offered to the public foi
r-.it. at prices varying tturn sls to $75 each per annum.
A u V'a' J security wutiust Fu eur /iura'ars (01
lepositmg Valuab.es of all kinds. »/j<«rnur
Bonis. Mortgages. Wills, Deeds, Jewelry, Stiver Piste.
sc., received ai very low rates, /y wh^l, llt )ts at e
JlCrn. 1 c
The Vault, BurgUr-ymor tad Hmall Safes are
loubie-iocj.ed,
A r: ?‘s^;^ at h on duty from 6 p. m. to 6 a.m..
s.a. a Lurgiar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly tu the security utherwise afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. io 3 p. m.
_jyl4__dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Sec’v
Winter Wisdom.
Warm clothing alone will not protect the ho ly against
the consequences of the Midden depression of tem
peratnre which is concomitant of early winter. Flannel
next the skin preserves the animal heat, but it dors not
impart animal vigor. That property is the special pre
rogative of Hostoiter's Stomach Bitters, which is there
tore a specific protection against a majority of tlie cum
plaints which are most common at this season. For
example, a course of the great vegetable invigorant.
commenced now, will be almost sure to preclude chills
and fever, bilious colic, di»ovders ofthe stomach, consti
pation, and many other complaints wliich are often the
direct or indirect effect of an atmosphere surcharged
witii cull, unwholesome vapor. Moreover, the system
toned and regulated by this meaqs is much more likely
io resist pulmonary disease than it would otherwise be;
tor the Influence of searching medicine pervades all tlie
organ.-, and every fibre and tissue of tlie frame Persons
whose vital powers are weak, especially invalid ladles
and the aged, are earnestly recommended nut io face
the wmtei’s rigor without having recourse to tills safe
and sufficient means us rc>entbrcing enfeebled nature.
Much suffering may be escaped, much danger averted
by lullowing tills counsel. Better late I han never, is a
good proverb, but it is better to he early than bile,
<l7 d&wlw
Belter and ('liru|)ev
THAN ANY OTHER BOOTS OR SHOES;
THOSE FASTHNED WITH
C.IH 1. E BCII E M W/A’ E
Bl.TTEH—Because they are more Pliable, more Com
tol lable, are U uter-pioof. and are warianled not h* Rip
or <Jane.
CHEAPER—Recause. while their drat cost is not in
r w brk ol Uke grade, their
Du ability is tar gieater, they preserve their Shape much
We i/’ ,L aM cn i n K Insures a more Equal
Equally applicable to light and heavy work
Ilie immense demand having called' forth Imitations.
•he Paten tst amp ,hU eVery ~ovl ^a* l0 I l
Sold by Dealers everywhere. deop7w nl3
l.eu «V Pcrrina* Mauer,
pronounced by connoisseur.-. "THE ONLY HOOD
a W‘ e,l,e diction, ami it is unriyaled
10l Ils Haxo*. Uea, c directed by Messis. LEA A Pek
ss o prosecute all parlies making or vending coun-
.1/ J ,H -^tAN’S SONS. Agents.
2223!™ New York.
Mathowa dt fbunibcrluin,
PLUMBERS,
Corner Waldo and Exchange Bta., Worcester, Maw.
Bath Tubs and Bollera, Water Closets, Waab Bowls
Wash Trays, Minks &c Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf jyß
Woi'cealer Gai l.iulit Company,
COKE.
This Cheap ani> most Desihable Fiel for Manufac
taring purposes and Family use, is now offered to tlu
^ubhem qil:uilHle to suit, at the following Reduced
One 'haldron of 3t» bushels as no
One Half do. 18
In quantities less than half Chaldron, is Centa ner
bushel.
Payments may be made, and orders for its delivery will
e isr ued only at the Office ot the Compand No i ff k
Block. Foster street, up stain. dtf jat
Commiaaon Marchanta
and dealers tn Flour and drain, Land Plaster, Lime, Cal
Bone aCement. Malt, Guano. Nupor
w me,,nd Western Produca, Moa. 231 and
239 Front st., Worcester, Mass
iv JOHN B. CLABB BOX
Safety nnd Profit.
i First-class Railway Mortgages arc now the most popu
lar securities—combining, as they do, absolute safety
with a remunerative rate ot Interest. THE FIRST
MORTGAGE Joint Minkina Fumi Hix per <’t a
Oolil HondN of the VERMONT DIVISION of the
PORTLAND AND OGDENSBURG RAILROAD
TRUNK LINE are being rapidly absorbed by those
making conversions of their 5-20’s and oilier high-pneed
bonds. With a local, through and pleasure business,
either of these sources sufficient to meet all interest oh
ligati ms and operating expenses, the Bonds of this sec
tion ofthe Shortest Trunk Line irom the Lakes to the
Atlantic cannot tail to advance to pur as this New En
gland enterprise raphLy approaches completion.
I’rlee at present. 90 and Accrued Interest In Currency.
Fo>'pamphlets, with full information, apply tu Finan
cial Agents—E. A. T. Fairbanks it Co., st. Johnsbury
Vt.; Fairbanks A C0.,252 Broadway. New York; Fair
banks. Brown Co., 118 Milk st., Boston; Fairbanks A
Ewing, 715 Chestnut st., Philadelphia.
FOR SALE BY
RICE, WHITING BULLOCK Worcester,
and all leading Banks and Brokers.
__d?. deop&w4w
A Million in the Field.
Yes, a million of men. to say nothing ofthe ladles,
know by experience that
t'riMtadoi’o'a IZxcelwior Hair Aye
produces shades of color that seem to have been brought
out by nature itself. They know. too. it is free from
all injurious matter, because they have used it for years,
and thus tested It by a process more certain than even
chemical analysis Itself. In fact, the dally experience of
multitudes of both sexes, confirms the declaration ofthe
first analytical chemist In America, that the Excelsior
Dye contains "nothing dehterious to health. A good
dressing should he used alter the dyeing, and the best is
CRISTADORO'S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
d 5 deopiweowlm
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption Is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. By assimilation I mean
tiiat process by which the nutriment of the food is con
verted into blood, and thence into tbe solids ot the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the slight*
cst nredisposition to pulmonary disease, or h they lake
cold, will be verv liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs In some of its forms. and I hold that it will be
impossible to cure any case of Consumption without
first restoring good digestion and healthy assimilaiion.
The very first tiling to be done is to cleanse the stomach
and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perforin their
functiuns, and then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, tlie surest and best
remedy is Schenck's Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse
the stomach and bowels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the Ever of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse it up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
Tlie stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck's Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
1 l.e stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, and
the appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lacteals are
weak, and requiring strength and support. It Is in a
condition like this that Schenck's Seaweed Tome provos
to he the most valuable remedy ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize all excess of acid,
making the stomach sweet and fresh; it will give perma
nent tone to tins important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, and prepare the system for the first
process of a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
he lithly, living blood. Alter this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most cases of Consumption is the
free and persevering use of Schenck’s Pulmonic Sprup
The Pulmonic syrup nourishes the system, purifies the
a'-nrin d into the l irciilatiun and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There it ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to expel all the diseased
matter in the form of free expectoration, when onct
it ripens, it is then, by the great healing and pnrDVhig
properties ot Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup, that till ulcers
and cavities are healed np sound, and mv patient is
cured.
Tlie essential thing to be done m curing consumption
i> to get up a goud appetite and a good digestion, so that
the body will grow in flesh and get strong. If a person
lias diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess there, tlie cavity
cannot heal, the m liter cannot ripen, so iongas the sys
tem is below par. Wuat is necessary to cure is a new
order 01 things a good appetite, a good nutrition.
body to grow m flesh and get flu; then nature ishe’bea
the cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and lie
thrown off in large quantities, and the person reeain
health and strength. This is the true and onlv Dian n
cure Consumption, and if a person is verv bad if the
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or oven if one lim« u
eni Hely gone, if theer is enough vitality let R the XthJj
to heal up. there is hope.
I have seen many per-ons cured with untv one sound
lung, live and enjoy lite to a gop,d Ud age. This is what
>clß Uck s medicines will do locure Consumption. They
will clean out the Rtomaoh. sweeten and strengthen it
get up a good digestion, and give nature the assistance
she m ed, .U clear the system of all the disease that is in
the lungs, whatever the form may l»e.
It is iuiDortant that, while Ujiag Nohenck’s medicines
ruv-teMiM rxnelml In.t void! keep In doors
in cool and damp weathar; avoid night air and take out
door exercise only lu genial and warm sunshine.
I wish it diMiu tly understood that when 1 recommend
.1 pißkm iu be eareiul in regard to taking <xdd while
using m v medicines, Ido so for a special reasuu Amm
w,O lu,, h„l partially recovered Hum uiaSof aTS
cold is i.ir more liable to a relapse than one who has been
entirely cured, unlit is pi'vv-i-oly the same In regard to
onsumption. 80 as the lungs are not penccUy
healed, just Wpg tllure Imminent danger of a lull
ietui n<’t ,11,'. disease. lienee it is that Iso strunuuuslv
caqtiun pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and Kal^
ilimed consumpnves lungs are toa** of sores, which
the leas changeot atraosphe^. will inflame. Tlie grand
in l,cc s V'— consists in mv
abilitj to sui'ditemiJmmuaUon Insteai of provokimt if
:i> many tpm Lk.uhv d.». An inflamed lung tannot
wi,h :;Icty to the pntfent be exposed to tlie hiring blasts
Ot winti ror the chilling w inds of sprum hr autumn it
•mould be caiofiilly shielded from a|( pAVating influences
‘wHh’nt’p autln s, 7 uld beoi^vea in this particular’
iimmtSbißty. any circumstances is an
The person >lmu|d Kept on a wholesome and nutri
imi.s diut imd .vjri^ until the bodv
1 »utunil quantity of flesh and
I was myseH eured by this treaUoent ofthe worst kind
ot Consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty
these many years, with vmw lung mostly gone. I have
cuied thousands s|i\ee. niul very many have been cured
by t his treatmpiit whom I have never seen.
Ahni’d first of October 1 expect lu take possesion
u. mj new buih ing at the noitheast vomer of Sixth and
A.vli stieets. where 1 shall be leased to give advice to
all who may require It.
Full directions ac' ciupany all mv remedies, so that a
person m anv pan yt Hie world can’be rcadilv cured by
strict obspi yance of 1 he sama
ll whence, m. D., Philadelphia.
GtOiA.E GUUDWIN A CO., agents, Boston.
st deoptf
Io 11. lliiniuiuiiß. M. 11.,
HAS REMOVED TQ NO. 1 MADISON ST.
t Office, as herulotbrv. No. W (new number) Myrtle
,e
Five Per Cent, per Annum
AUowedfor Money on Call. E A. GOODNOW
First National hai.k.
Ar. H. F. liaevvoud,
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
12 dam
Ueo. S. Bloppiu Co., CommissonMerchants
and Dealers in Flour. Corn, Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal ui al
kinds, Fine and Coarse Feed, Linseed Oil Meal. Me
abaniCMtre«t. Wnr<-«atAr <ltf
i&r. I Morritl, No. 3 Bulfinch st., Boston, Mass.
onsull him in all cases; he N the oldest and most ex
perienced specialist in Boatun—thirty-three years’ prac
tice. See his Pocket Medical Adviser Price cents,
send for it. deop&wtf
dleb
In this city. Dec 9, Carrie H, daughter of Asa V and
Caroline U alker. aged it yrs 3 mos.
In tills city, Doc 8, Annie, daughter of Mrs M Maynard,
aged 3 yrs 3 mos W days.
In Hulden, Nuv2o, LuellaL, wite of C L Truchon, aged
25vri;
In Sniton. Decß, Sophia F Little, aged 43 yrs.
du ^bbertisements.
A SPECIAL CUMMUNICA
dt Morning Star Lodge of F. and A. M.
Installation of officers, will be held at
Ma^miu Hail, THIS (Monday) EVENING.
xr Dec. 11th, 1877. at 7S o'clock.
By order of the W. M.
~U _ tUI LJLCARPENTER.
A PALESTINE COUNCIL,
16 f Select Templars.—There
Z a will be a Cm*.vacation ot this Council
in Upper odd Fellows’ Hall, Pearl
Z^\
X MONDAY EVENING,
JML Dec. 11th, at 7X o’clock.
Work— Fidelity and Tried Templar.
Per order C. of C.
1,11 flit P. IL STEARNS. R. of C.
Vlb’TY-FIRST MASS. REGIMENT RE-
X. UNION.
I he Fourth Annual Reunion and Supper ot theinetn
bers ol the nty-firsl Massachusetu Regiment ANsocia
tlon, "ill take n a< e al the Bay Suuo House in Worces
ter onllll RSDAY EVENING, Dee. 14th.
I he programme InQludea Speeches, Toasts, Music, <fcc
and a good Hmo generally. All who were connected
with the. regiment are cordially invited. Come one,
came all I
STEPHEN C. EARLE. Sec. and Treas.
M orcester. Dec. 11,1871. dll ii<t
TN BANKRUPTCY. Notice is hereby
Jivvn. that thvsecond general meeting of the cred
itors ot GEO, UON VERSE, of Leicester, Bankrupt,
wl: U huldin on the 21.-1 day of December, 1871. at 10
o clock a. M.,at 6 Chapin Block, Worcest r, Mass., at
the ufilceol and before P. C. Bacon, R<g|slor In Bank
tuptcy, at which meeting debts maybe proved.
L. sn irn- VANT, Leicester, I
A WHEELOCK. Charltun DepotJ Asj,, niCa
'v v -t. 41 I> V !M h. 1871. -I ’t dll
WHITINSVILLE NATIONAL BAN K.
Die Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the
\V Intinsvillc Nat'l Bank, for the choice of Directors tor
the ensuing year, ami the transaction ot any other busi
no? that may legally eonu* before them, will be held at
the.r Banking Komns. TUESDAY. Jan. 9, 1872. at two
o’clock p.m. H. A. GOODELL, Cashier.
Whitin-vUlc. Her. 9, IK7I. dtja9 dll
1> O S E E D U M A T I N
•■-w OR
Bloom of Morning.
't his wonderful preparation, so long used in Fiance and
but just introduced into this country, is, perhaps, ihe
most i Nquisiu-article known to the ladies’ toilet. Fur
preserving the clearness of ihe complexion and the puri
ty of the skin it has no equal. Having had many calls
for it by those who have used it in Europe, we were in
duced to obtain it, and have received the agency for this
city t.' .m the United Slates agents, and shall keep it
constantly on hand, at the LADIES’ H AIR STORE, 82
Front st Worcester. ANNA E. CLOUGH,
■HI 'Um FANNJ O. CLOUGtL
NOTICE. —Thereby forbid all persons bar
or laying wages io my wife,
HANNAH lomiu, and my children. MARY A,
M HANNAH L. and LAWRENCE D
TOOME\, on my account, as I -hall not pay any bills of
their contacting after this date.
MICHAEL TOOMEY.
Oxford, Dec. 9. 1871. d3t* dll
111 UPWARD!—LOST—Saturday,
Dec. thh, between Princeton and West
Sterling, A BUFFALO COAT. The finder will please
leave it at the Ocntral Hot. I in Sterling, or at lltnry
Allen'- American Eating House In Lancaster, and re
ceive the above reward. JOHN LYNCH.
Sterling. Dec. 11,1871. d2t*
AMIIKICAN MEWING MACHINES
are fully warranted. They an* Simple and Durable; a
child can operate them. Fine si itching done to order.
334 Mam St., Worcester,
•i-MM 1. 11. HTOCKWJCLL.
fro SELL OB LET—The New Brick
A House. No. A Ripley Block, Pleasant sK
dll <nw .ma in TAFT.
Li’.r A Basement Tenement of four
JL rooms, with city water, Ac. Apply to
P. BOLAND,
dll dtf 103 Salem st.
EiOUND«In the Horse Oar/ A SMALL
A SUM OF MONEY, which the owner can haveby
tiling at 632 Mam st. d2t <lll
\V ANTED A situation by a Scotch
woman, as housekeeper or nurse. Address tor one
week, Mrs. D. RICHARDSON,
dll dilt* 217 Pleasant st.
Jlclu ^blwfiseincnfs.
Y FARMERS’
BAILED DIOER
with all the fixings, such as Pumokin Pies Brown
Bre id, Baked Pudding und Beans, will be served in the
dress of the olden time, nt
GRACE M. E. CHURCH VESTRy.
Tuesday, Dec. 12, from 12 to 2 o’clock,
FOK &O TS
TURKEY DINNER,
at the same time and place; tor 75 ct.i. lathe evening
there will be a evening,
FESTI V A L
at which there win be the usual attrectlona-Siißoer
oysters, Ice Creams, Flowers.
Admittance in the evening 15 cts.
(J H IT K C H F A I Rl
A Fair and Festival
will he given by the Ladles of
Plymouth Church and Society,
AT MECHANICS HALL,
Friday Evening, December 15th,
To which the public are cordially Invited.
clude aldlt a t 0 ,l,e IUUaI a,,rocllon8 t which will in«
TABLE LOAASOF NEEDLEWORK,
1112FKEMI MEX TS. FK L IT,
AND COMFECTI ONEtt Y,
there will be given an unusually full and excellent
EXHIBITION OF TABLEAUX!
(I'ndor direction or Mr. Ceorw Hatllott, or Concord
M'r llnrt'i.umli’ cvir b '',"W'-atlcin|.te.tln Ihnvklnll).
tn nl’An.l M, I |I IUI, V such xhll.l-
l ons, and aljunrr In- irora win. universal coiniuenOa
tatk>ns° r lbe n 1 completeness .r bls represon-
Admission 2S cents. Gallery seats 16 cents extra
lloors open al 6 o'clock.
Oil Mt -uonw.
JTOLIDAY
PRESENTS
CLARK, SAWYER CO.
Announce their delermlnallirn i 0 show the
Largest Assort merit
OF
GOODS SUITED TO THE HOLIDAY SEASON,
KOLIA SILVER WARES,
FINE SILVER PLATE!) WARES,
CHINA VASES. Ac.,
BOHEMIA X WA R ES,
FRENCH CLOCKS.
SWISS FAXCY GOOAS,
PARIAX WARES,
VIEXXA OOOOS,
FRENCH BRONZES,
JAPANESE FANCY GOODS,
PARIS
HERMAN
\Ve have provided bcßk’ei the immense stock of Fine
Goods, an extra large assortment of BEAUTIFUL
GOODS OF AX INEXPENSIVE CHARACTER. Also.
large :in<i varied stock that combine the Useful with
the Ornamental.
We have Presents suited for Ladies and Gentle
men and Children.
CLARK, SAWYER CO.,
TAYLOR'S BHLIGVG, MAIN ST.,
OPP. THE COMMON,
•ill distf
QKE A I BA RGA IN
400 LADIES* SILK SFARFS,
AT 23 CBNTS,
TOO at 5 0 CENTS.
These Scarfs arc offered at
Nearly Half Their Value.
We Invite spacial attention loom* SLIPPER PAT
TERNS, and other Worsted Eid broidery.
''/'biive ju.-t received a fine assortment us EMBROID
EKED HAN DKERCIIIEFs, and ullier goods suited for
Holiday Gifts,
And -hall open during the week an additional supply of
t eki Choice Goods.
R. L. SM !T 11 CO.,
Successors to W. E. FOKBKS A Co.,
Cor. Main and Elm Sts.
Worcester, Dec. 11,1871. dll qi w
mHE
BAY STATU
Fire Insurance Company,
WORCFSTFR, MANN.
DEC. 4, 1871.
CAPITAL, $200,000. CASH ASSETS, 335,094.75
WM. S. DAVIK, President.
V. c. CROSBY, Jr., Secretary.
I). L. MILLER, Assistant Secretary.
Commonwealth of MassacliiiNetU.
Office of Insurance Commissioner, r
Boston, Dee. 4, 1871
The Bay state Fire Insnram- Company ol Worcmer.
having increased Hs c ipital from SUM,BOO to S2OO 000 I
hereby certi'y that 1 have this day examined the securi
ties and books ot said comp my, and find that its new
capital has been paid In and properly invested. I also
find that the company has now a paid-up capital of
5200.000, investeil in accordance with Ihe law. and Is in
possession of legitimate a-sets amounting to 5335.1ht4.74.
with less than $12,000,000 at risk, h ie its liabilities, in
clndlng re-in-uranee reserves taken at thtv per c«nt.
amount to $1)5.140.4’. thus-howlng a surplus of $230,951.3,1
as regards its policy holders.
(Signed) JUXaUS 1.. C’l. AKRE,
dll dtt ins. i 'om’r»
4 dSiINISTRATDR’S SALE.—Bv virtue
/Il of a license of the Probate Court for the county of
Worcester, will be sold, on the premises, at i'u’d e Auc
tion on MONDAY the 15th day of January next, at teu
o’clock. A. M.. the whole of the re d est de of Bath beb t
Newcomb, la c of Spenc< r, in said county, decea ;ed.
Said real I'-tate consi-ts of the home Farm, called the
Newcomb Farm, situat .-d in th? northwest i art of said
Spencer, and contains sixty-five acres.more or hM. -tilt
ably divided into mowing, tillage an I woodland, with
house, barn and outbuildings thereon, boundet a- fol
lows Northerly by land of .hdin 1). Brewer, easterly bv
land of Sabins <t Stoddivd, E. May J. D. Brewer and A.
S" tth, southerly by land <>t A. Smith, H. Prout y and E.
Bartlett, and westerly hy land of A Harwood. E. Kit
tridge and J. D. Brewer.
Also, at the same time and place, nil the Hou cliold
Furmtme belonging to t ie e.-tale of -aid Buth-hel.a
Newcomb, deceased.
CHARLES NEWCOMB. Adm’r.
B. W. ABBOTT. AtieCr.
Spencer. Nov. 11.1'71. dll uSw-
HRO LET—On Canterbury st., a Cottage
1 House, w ith small stable and a few thousand feet of
land it de.sired,—all in good repair, and convenient to
horse railroad. Terms moderate.
MAKIOX A. RICHMOND.
dll deop2w HI Central Exchange.
I>OARD! oi >wo r< jpe< tabli
men can obtain hoard and lodging at No. 14 Sudbury
st., (opposite Exchange st.,) left h ■nd bell.
dll dtt
JJ OuQu ET S, WREAT II S,
CUT FLOWERS,
Blouse I J lants., &c. ttc.
Von SALK BV
JOIIX 8. RILLAItH 0.,
PBALKRS IN
Groceries and House Furnishing Goods,
CIIAMX BLOCK, rKAKL STKBET.
016 dlst£
AYANH S T R A W
CHOICE CANA l»A II A V,
IB RIO ll’l’ W E«Ti: K N STR .1 BV’
by the Car Load, Ton, or Single Bale.
Aho, Oats, Meal, Feed, &c., at No. 4 1 Wnldo St.
old No. 9.
ivs dtf W H <;\v A. rn.
A LEXA ND E B LO R 1 M E g
/V Manufacturer and dealer In
RUSSIA, MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP cDRD;
Bed Corda,Cotton Clothes l ines Steam Pktlihu rt«F.
Lines, Twine, Pulley Blocks,
Wholesale<k Reuil,
Corne-of Exchange and Blai tse.mestreets Hiring
Worcester, Max. V
at Wof