'THE FBgSS
SATURDAY, NOVKMREK 11,1671.
CIt7TZn3~VICI:NITY'
_--♦♦♦
N««r Adrerlueoiciili lo-Day.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
Temple Quartette-City Hall.
Auction Sale—Japan Tea Store.
31. C. M. A.Monthly Meeting.
Guns Cheap... ,G. L. Bailey.
ENTERTAINMENT COLUMN.
M. L. A.... IT ourth Entertainment.
J. A R. A.... Assemb'y.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Boston Maine R. R. ...W. Merritt.
W anted... .Salesmarf.
Notico.... J. P. Wheelrlght.
Grist Mill. ...H.Lappin.
Notice. M.Curtis Davis.
Wanted....C. R. Chisholm Co.
,To Let....Room.
Card to Publishers.
Artificial Teeth-Carlton Kimball.
Gorham Piano Fortes.
Butter Cheese... .Amos L. Millett.
Kelitfiona Notices.
FirstUniversalibt Church—Morning services
at 10.30. At 7 p. m. the pastor will deliver the
sovent u ot a series ot discourses on the Parables. Sub
ject: “The Rich man and Lazarus.”
India St. Univebbalist Society. Putnam’s
Hall, India St. Sunday School at 10.30 a. m.
Casco ST, Free Baptist Church—Rev. A. A.
Smith, pastor. Preaching at lo$ a m. Sunbath
School at 1.2. Preaching at 3 p. m. Pray t Meeting
at 7 evening.
First Second Advent Church, 3r>3 1-2 Con
gress street; Elder P. Libby will preach Sunday.
Seats tree.
Second Advent Meeting.—Union Hall.—Op;*o
site Baptist Church—Elder J C Welcome will preach
at the usual hours Sunday. Seats tree.
First Baptist Church—Congress st torner ot
Wilmot, Rev Wm H. Shader, Pastor. T morning
service will be omitted till further notice. Sabbath
School at l .45; preaching at 3; prayer and social
meeting at 7 3o pm.
Preblk Chapel, corner Preble and Cumberland
Sts. Meeting ot tbe Sunday School at ‘2; Preaching
t-3; A temperaure meeting at 7. All are cordially
n vi ted.
The Reform School S. S. will be held Sunday P.
M. Coach leaves state Street at 2 o’clock. I very
Teacher is requested to be present or to provide a
substitute.
St Lues's Cathedral.-Sunday Services at 101
a. ok, 2 aimI 7J p. in., Daily Services at 8 a. in, and
S p. in. Seals free to all.
Bethel Church, 97 Fore Street.—Services Sab
bath a. m., at 10.30 o’enxrtr; p. in. at 3 and 7} o’clock.
Combiunion service theSrat Sunday' p. m. of each
month. Also, meetiugs on Monday an t XJyirsday
evenings at 7J o’clock. All from ihe tea. and luTid are
cordially invited.
Mountfort Street A. M. E. Church.—Preach
ing at 10 1-2 a. m..taint 3 and 7 1-2 p x., by the hcv
P. L. Stanford. Seats iree.
Mission Chapel, Deering’s Bridge.—Sunday
Sehool every Sunday at 1$ P. M. All are very cordi
ally invited to attend.
West Congregational. Church.—Preaching a>
S o’clock P. M., by ihe Pastor, Rev. W. F, Ober
Prayer Meeting at 7* P. M. Sabbath School at 102
O'clock A M.
Williston Chapel, corner ot May and Dan forth
streets. Sabbath School at 1.30 P. M. All are cordi
ally invited. Seats iree.
Free Street Baptist Church.—Services fore
noon ana afternoon at the usual hours.
Plymouth Church—The regular preaching ser
vices hereaiter will be morniug at 10 1-2 and after
noon atS.
Spiritualists—Army and Navy Union Hall.
Children’s Progressive Lyceum meet at 1C1 o’clock
A meeting ot conference Mill be held at the above
Hall at 3 p m. A11 interested are invited.
Allen Mission Chapel—Locust st.—Sabbath
School Prayer Meeting at 2.15; Sabbath S :hool at 3
Prayer meeting every Friday evening at 74. All
are cordis lly invited. Seats tree.
Newbury Stbrrt Church,—Prayer meeting at
10 1-2; preaching at 3 and 7 1-2 o’clock p. m.
T. M. C. Association. Mechanics* Building,C or
atr Congress ami Casco street*,— Free Reading
Room—social Religious Meeting this Saturday eve
ning at 71 o’clock. Young -people and straogers
especially invited.
Ihe second Sunday In November, being the day of
prayer of 1 be Y. M. C. Association throughout the
world, there will be s prayer meetiug at the rooms
ol the Association in this city at 9 o’clock, A. M.
Portland Spiritual Association, Temper
ance Hall, 351 1-2 Congress street. Social conference
at 3 o’clock, P. M. Alt are Invited.
NSW JERUSALEM Church.—Rev. Mr. Hayden
will preach in the Temple on new Uuli street, to
rn >1 row morning at 10 1-2 o’clock, in answer to
the question, “Are there Marriages in Heaven?*’
from Math, xrli 30.
Evening meeting In the vestry at 7 o’clock. Same
subject continued.
Cor greed St. M. E. Church.—There will be no
services morning nor afternoon at tbis church. Sun
day Scuool at the usual hours. Rev. E P. Wilton
of Lawr nee, Maps will address the parents and
Sunday Lchool teachers at 7 1-2 p. m Union Love
Feast at 10 1-2 a. m.. at Pine street church. Union
S. S. Meeting at Chestnut streec cburcu at 3 p. m.
Pine St. M, E. Churc —Union Love Feast at 10
1-2 a, in. Preaching by the presiding elder, Rev. A.
Sanderson, at 3. Prayer meeting it 7,
Chestnut St. Church.—Tre will be no services
in tbe forenoon. Union Love Feastm Pine Street
Church at 101 A. M TTninn Kii ml J V il
mg will be held at Gueirnut St. Church at 3 P. M.
Sermon by Rtv. G. P. Wilson ot Lawrence, Mass,
Mo Prayer Meeting in the eveuing.
Kaperier Court.
OCTOBER CIVIL TERM—GODDARD, J., PRESIDING.
Thursday.—Seward B. Gunnison vs. Eben Sea
vey. An action of trespass upon lands belonging to
the plaintiff, near the Atlantic House.
After being opened to the Jury it was withdrawn,
and re erred to Judge Walton, who has a hearing at
the Atlantic House to-day.
Howard Cleaves. N. Webb.
Friday.—Chester D. Small vs. Patrick Kane. Ac
tion to recover injuries suffered by a borsa by reason
ot the clarlessness of defendant, who hired him ot
plaintiff. Verdict tor plaintiff for $36.66.
Haskell. Howard Cleaves.
The following assignments were made:
MONDAY, NOV. 13.
64—Bridgton vs. Oxford.
242—Smith vs. Inhabitants of Baldwin.
836—Jordan et at. va. Blake.
297— tfradeen et ux. vs. Portland.
326—Marquand vs. Marwick.
362— Huuking vs. Whitcomb.
Members of the bar are requested to be in atten
dance at the coming in ot the Court on Monday tor
the purpose of mak ng assignments, as the probabil
ity now is that the juiy will not be in attendance
alter next w«ek. Court adjourned to Monday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
Municipal Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING,
Friday.—George Lord, larceny ot a canvas sail
from schooner Melodeoo, the property ot Corbin H.
bmith, was sent to jail for thirty (Jays.
John Stephens, for drunkenness and disturbance
in th-i rooms ot the Portland Fraternity, was sent up
lor thirty days.
Brief Jottings.
The Brunswick Telegraph says it is hinted
that the Boston Maine Railroad Company
will seek for a charter for a lice from Portland
to Bath.
The benefit of advertising was illustrated
again yesterday. A lost pocket-book was ad
vertised for in the Press, and no sooner bad
the papers been distributed than the missing
property was handed into the counting-room.
The transparency in front of the Bethel
Church, torn off by the late storm, has bceu re
placed by a still more cheerful one, bearing
this legend’.—“Welcome all, from Sea and
Land. Come in as you are. Seats Free."
There is among the novelties of household
goods in the old Post Office, an office chair
which, by depressing the back, is at once
changed to library steps, a convenient article
for geueral use.
The Cumberland Associatioa of Congrega
tional clergymen meets next Tuesday at Au
burn.
Mr. Angell, of Boston, has organized a New
England campaign for the prevention of cruel
ty to animals. He will speak in Portland next
week.
Pref. Stone, the lecturer on Electro-Biology,
who will begin a series of lectures at Fluent’s
Hall'next Tuesday, is spoken of by the Mon
treal papers in high terms.
A collection for the benefit of the CnnvrPM
tional churches in Chicago will be taken at the
State street Church to morrow forenoon.
We would remind those who desire to have
their children see the fine views of Ireland
that a matinee will be given this afternoon.
In the evening Mr. and Mrs. Brennan will re
ceive a benefit.
George A. Bailey', of the Waehington Globe,
is in town.
William Foster has been appointed janitor of
the new Post Office and United States Court
building.
Hale has a fine photograph of the late Hon.
Pbinebas Barnes, by King, in his window; also
cabinet portraits of the late Jonathan Morgan.
The Arion Club has re-organized under the
leadership of Mr. Monroe.
We have received a copy of the annual cata
logue of Westbrook Seminary for 1871, and it
shows that excellent institution to be in a very
flourishing condition, the total attendance by
terms during the present year aggregating the
large number of 417. It is handsomely print
ed on the press of David Tackor.
No Sunday cars in the city hereafter.
Smelt fishing is said to be brisk on the Dump.
The effects ot the late Jonathan Morgan will
be sold at auction to-day.
Rev. Robert Collj.r, of Chicago, will some
time during next week, or on the following
Sabbath, present the claims of his church at
the First Parish in this city.
Mr. S. Howard Daua has declined the call
recently extended by the First Congregational
Church in Newbury, Massachusetts, for the
reason that he has not finished his studies
The church has voted to extecd no call to any
other person until Mr. Dana is in a position to
accept.
There will be a temperance meeting at the
Preble street Chapel to-morrow evening, to
which all are invited.
The hall of the Army and Navy Union has
been elegantly embellished with military em.
blems, flags and tablets in fresco by Mr. Jost
and a complete collection of irmy corps colors.
The whole plau is very tastefully carried out.
The police seized liquors yesterday at the
(tore of John Reardon, Adams street,
B’orUund Seamen’s Friend Society.
At the raeetiug ot thin Society recently held
the places of the President, Eben Steele ao<
that of the Secretary, Jobu C, Brooks, wert
fonnd vacant by death. These vacancies wer<
filled by the choice of Capt, Washington livai
President, and U. U. Burgess Treasurer. Alsr
Messrs. John M Gould and Joshua Maxtrel
were ohoseu as Directors.
The death ol Mr. Steele is a severe loss to the
caure. Nearly all the cajh contributions lor
sailors’ libraries at this port have been lroni
him; besides kindly sympathizing and solid
help iu other directions. T'ue woik of the
Bethel under the care of this society bus been
prosperous during the year. Some twenty
live libiaiics have been put up containing GUO
volumes in all, and hundreds of packages of
papers aud pamphlets. The wants, moral and
intellectual, of the Mitors aud fishermen Ire
queuting this port, were uevr, probably, so
lully met. This work of the Bethel, though
largely ont of sight, is a noble one, of which
the citv of Portland need not be ashamed.
The financial condition is not all that could
be wished. The hooks show a deficiency on
the part of the salary accouut of the pastor ol
some $500,00, covering the ground ot two years
past. There is need of substantial aid, wbicb
the Treasurer, Mr. Burgess, stands rtaiy to re
ceive from whatever source in the city or
abroad. Also the pastor, Mr. Soutliwortb,who
may louud at 25 Newbury street, is in need ol
books, papers, magazines, etc., etc., for libra
ries and packages ,to put aboard the vessels in
port, and as thev leave.
The good accomplished by placing reading
matter aboard our vessels is incaicuable. One
needs to become conversant with the facts to
appreciate it. Books are read aboaid ships in
the company shut out from the world, as they
are seldom ashore, and we certainly hear 01
the improvement of the meD,andtbe entire
change of appearance wrought by libraries,
moral historical, and biographical,
touching wealth aud disease as well as relig
ious. Anything healtblul and stimulating is
called lor; periodicals ol all denominations ac
cepted.
Tweedledum aud TweeiBlrdee,
1o the Editor of the Press:
It is well known that oar Universalisl bieth
eren of Iodia street, lost their comfortable
church in the great fire ot li66. Their efforts
to restore it have been unceasing, but not yet
entirely successful, although more than five
years bare elapsed since tbo disaster.
A lady ol this city, and a member of the So
ciety named, being in Chicago, awhile after,
called on Kev. Dr. Ityder of the Universalist
church there, aud urged him strongly to do
something for the stricken church beta. To
obtaiu subscriptions,or have a collection taken,
or in some other way to do a little fur us. To
all wbicb, the itev. Dr. gave an emphatic, No!
Madame, you are too lar oil—we can do noin
iug for you.” “Are we uut all bretberen iu
the cause,” said the lady.
There has been a fire iu Chicago. Rev. Dr.
Ryder’s church has gone. He has come East
lor limds to rebuild. Chicago is no farther
from New England than before. But tbs boot
it on the other leg. “He has obtained $20,000
in New Yoik, Connecticut has done nobly—
and Boston promises a goad reeulr.” Perhaps
he will come into Maine, who knows? Has
the Dr. forgotten? Are we not all brethre n?
Let this reminiscence remind him, il it has
not occurred to him before, that none stand so
firmly but their lonndalions may he swept
away—and that kindly aid, in ever so small
away, is a heavenly work. Murray.
P. A. N. IT.—Those of our readers who
attend the Army and Navy Course will find
the following programme a matter ot inter
est for luture reference:
Lecture by Mark Twain, Nov. lGtb. Sub
J6ct, “Remioiscencos of tbe Commonplace
’Characters I have chanced tj meet.”
Lecture by Rev. \V. L. Ga re, November
23d. Subject, “Emperor William and his Gen
erals.”
Concert by the Kreutzer Club, assisled by
Miss Nellie Barker, Mrs. G. M. Cummings,and
Miss Ada Cary, Dec. 7th.
Lecture by Anna Dickinson, Dec. 14th. Sub
ject, "Demagogues and Workingmen.”
Lecture by Hon. Thomas Fitch, ol Nevada.
Subject, “Scalpers and Quakers.”
Grand Concert by the Mendelssohn Quin
tette Club, assisted by taent, which will he
announced hercaller, Jau. 4th.
Grand Parepa Rosa and Adelaide PhillipB
Concert, Jan. 9th.
Supplementary Course cf three lectures by
Prof. E. S. Morse.
First—l’nesday, Jan. 23. Subject, “The
Glaciers ofNew England.”
Second—Thursday, Jau. 25th. Subject,
“Antiquity ol Mao.”
Third—Wednesday, Jan. 31st. Subject,
“Art of Illustration.”
It also proposed to add to the Supplementa
ry Course the popular lecture of Prof. C. H
Hitchcock, entitled, “Lile Above the Clouds;
or Mt. Washington in Mid-winter,” illustrat
ed.
A Great Improvejsekt.—While at tbe
Portland Dry Dock yesterday our atleot’on
was called to a great improvement that might
bo made at a small expense, which would be to
,1 c <1 _i _ e .i.-ii
wv, V.
and all others who have occasion to visit tlufl
Cape, or that part ot the town lying eastwartM
ly of the road to the Cape Cottage or the Fairy
rillage. By the building of a bridge from the
point ot tbe Cape just westwardly of the road
running from the Ferry landing to flje bridge,
to the road-way of the Portland Dry Dock, a»
distance of ouly about two huudred feet or
thereabouts, a great saving of travel time and
the avoidance of the hi^ji hill near the Con
gregational meeting house would be tbe result.
This seems a very feasible and excellent plain
and we think that i* the people of the two
places should only comrur in this arrangement
the County Commissioners would lay out the
bridge; and if done, we doubt not the money
so expended would never be regretted. The
Dry Dock Company would doubtless be favora
ble to such an arrangement. There is a por
tion of the time when the ierry boats are
hauled up for repairs and the people at Ferry
village have to travel around by the road. A
mile and a half of hard up hill travel would be
saved by this short cut. A practical min at
the dock yesterday said, upon a view of the
siturtion, that no money could be spent in a
more economical manner than by building this
short bridge and making the connection pro
posed. _
The Portland Water Company have fin
ished their somewhat extensive improvements
npon their conduit at the lake, and the weekly
interruptions of water to those who live on
ground above tbe level of the reservoir will oc
cur no rnoie. Their work consisted in thor
oughly examining the brick wors extending a
mile from the lake and removingtherefrom the
obstructions left by careless workmen which
caused so much trouble last winter. It was a
necessary work both for tbe company and the
city. Any improvement which renders more
certain our facilities for the extinguishment of
fire more than compensates for any temporary
Inconvenience in making them.
The Board of Mahefactcrbs.—The
Board of Trade met the public expectation at
their meeting on Thursday, by taking hold of
the promotiou of manufacturing interests with
its accustomed practical good sense and ener
gy. The new Board created at the meeting
gives additiuoal promise of success, for it com
bines our most active and industrisue business
talent. The members composing it are invited
to meet at the Board of Trade rooms on Mon
day afternoon (instead oi Saturday, as mis
printed yesterday) at 4 o’clock, to initiate! the
work. And we have been requested to say
that il any of the gentlemen cannot for any,,
reason enter npon the duties, they should arij
once make it known to the President that the
vacancies so created may be at once filled. The
movement means business and it is desirable
that,the new organization shall be a live,work
ing institution.
The public library presented a very interest
ing spectacle in the large number of visitors of
uuiu rexes, wuu uauy turoug iib amoves, xr.u
and young, wealthy and poor, arc therecip
ients «f the benefits of this admirable institu
tion, which is extending the American syrtern
of public education out to “the children of a
larger growth.*’ An enlargement of the space
will be needed before many years.
School, Matters—The Examing Commit
tee of the School Committee held a session
yesterday afternoon, with the following re
sults: Mr. Win. M. Sargeant and Miss Flora
B. Coolidge were examined and certificated
for the High School. Miss Pallie S. Crocker,
Miss Annie A. Baldwin and Mr. A. V. Ackley
were examined and certificated for the Gram
mar Schools.
A Correspondent of' the Boston Journal
says that last'wetk the Boston Maine rail
road Co. finished the survey’of anew road
from Nashua to Plaistow, a distance of 16
miles, which will shorten the present route
from Nashua to Portland 36 miles. It will un
doubUdly he built early next spring.
Those in want of prime butter, sage cheese
and the choicest groceries and fruits are invit
ed to look into A. L. Millett’s shop, No. 388
Congress street, where they will fiud one of
the best selected stocks in tiiis city. Millett
pays special attention to the selection of but
ter and cheese.
The Temple Quartette, assisted by Miss Isa
bella Stone, are to give one of tbeir popular
conceits on Monday evening, Nov. 20tb, the
fourth in the People’s Course. As they are
considered tie finest organized quartette of
male voices in the country, we expect to see a
large audience at City Hall. ’Ihey are every
where greeted by large and enthusiastic audi
ences, and we think Portland will not he an
exception to the rule. Mr. Fessenden, the
tenor, has recently been siuging with Miss
c ara Louise Kellogg, ai d has received the
highest encomiums ot the press.
Snow.—The first snow of the seasrn fell last
night—not in large quantity.it is true, but
enough to whiten the ground and remind us of
the nearness of winter.
Proe. Morse’s Lecture.—Last evening
Prof. Edward 8 Morse completed his series ot
very interesting aud instructive lectures on
Zoology, before the largest audience ol the
course. Tbe subject was Birds and Mammals,
and of course assisted bis descriptions by that
imitable power of delioiation with the crayon
which he possesses. He pointed out some ot
tbe features common to the different orders of
the animal kingdom; examined the embryolo
gy of the bird creation, its structure, methods
of procuring food-its instinct, which he raises
to a reasoning power aud then by a natural
step connected the birds with the Mammals
through the pigeon, which produces from its
crop a milk-like substance with which it fieds
its youug. Then be passed to a complete an
alysis of the mammals, showing a similarity of
organs in tire lower classes with tbe more in
telligent. His careful observation and experi
ments enabled him to present soma new facts
which added to the interest of rhe lecture and
corrected some of the errors of the tarlier writ
ers on natural history.
The principle of evolution he declared to be
contained in a nutshell, and showed the corre
lation of classification in Zoology to he in har
mony with the correlation of forces. Species
vary, and varieties are unlimited. Animals
die as fast as they are horn; those that live are
best fitted fjr life aud perpetuate their kind.—
The generations are successively subject to
this law; hence tbe elevation of the species.
The dodo has entirely disappeared; the e!e
pliant, his successor, will follow and he follow
ed by a better Creadon. Climate and vegeta
tion varies, and ths animal kingdom must fol
low on and seek a higher place. We are sure
that those of onr. people who have atteoded
these admirable lectures feel much indebled to
Prol. Morse for his familiar and simple method
of elucidating his subject. It is impossible to
transfer it to the columns of a newspaper with
any degree of success.
Sale of a Law Library.—Tbe statistical,
Law and miscellaneous library ol the late Hon.
John A. X'oor was solJ at auction yesterday liy
F. O. Bailey Co., by older of the adminis
tratrix. Tue sale drew together a congrega
tion ol oolb ctors,lawyers and the book trade,and
on a few lots the bidding was spirited, tbougn
the aggregate amount of tue transactions was
not large. A collection of rev'ears and maga
zines, unbound, brought from 7 to 10 cents per
number. The Explorations and Surveys fur
the Pacific Railroad, 13 volumes, a rare and
scarce woik, brought 35 cents per volume; T.
H. Benton’s Thirty Years $1.62 per volume;15
volumes TJ. S. Coast Survey Reports, 32 cents
per volume; 50 vols. Railroad Journal, bound,
$1 62 per vol. The law library brought better
prices; for example: Pickering’s Reports, 24
vols., $2 25 per vol: Metcalf's Reports, 10 vols.,
$2.87; Story’s Pleadings $2 25 per vol. There
was not much margin for the trade, however,
in thU department.
Change in Mail Service —Monday or
Tuesday of next week the new postal arrange
ment between tbis city and Bangor will begin.
There will be a postal car run through to
Bangor via Augusta. Pour Route AgeDts—
Messrs. Jeek of Gardiner, Stevens of Angus
ta, Capf. Bartlett of Skowhegan a»d one on
present line from Bangor to this city, wbose
name wo have not learned,—have been appojut
postal clerks. The increase of business in
Maine with the prospective increase over the
European North American Railroad, has
rendered this arrangement imperative. Tbe
present system will be continued from tbis city
to Skowhegan via Lewiston.
A Gbatuitocs Advertisement.—VVe no
tice by a Liverpool paper that “Professor
A. D. Reeves, of New York, wishing to estab
lish his system for obtaining the form of the
body by actual measurement, bas taken charge
of tbe catting department in the tailoring es
tablishment of Mr. \V. H. Miller, 14 Parker
street, Liverpool, for a abort term. A note sent
to tbe above address will meet with immediate
attention.”
Slt’flW SnTTH?!* —'Tho firaf. unnnr otrtrm rtf ilia
season set in about 7 o’clock last evening, so
much in earnest as to remind us of mid winter.
The storm increased during the eveaing and
by 3 o’clock this morning there was quite six
inches of heavy snow and the storm continues
as we go to press.
Desjytches received during the evening state
d^t the storm has been quite generat in the
Bst. ___
Pakalisis.—Wo understand that Mr. Win.
Larrabee, a carpenter living on Munjoy, was
attacked by a stroke of paralysis on Thursday
afternoon, which affected his right side, and
that last eveniug he was lying in a very criti
cal condition. Mr. L. suffered from a similar
shock on the left side some time ago, but he
had recovertd from it.
To the Editor of the Press:
Many of your subscribers saw with regret in
your editorial of yesterday the i xtraordiDary
and entirely unwarranted statement that “the
senior member of the Cumberland Bar froze fo
death iu an old shanty where at the age ot 94
he lived alone and uncared for.”
That this paragraph is utterly unttue, is
known to every citizen of Portland, and may
be found so to the eatislaction of every person
however disiant from the city who will take
the troub’e to look at the P. S. meteorological
reports for this fall, by which it will be seen
that the tbiug has been a physical impossibil
ity
But the assertion is not only untrue in fact
but iu spirit and implication.
It is a libel on Mr. Morgan, his parish, the
bar and the citizens of Portland to charge that
“'he lived uncared for in an old shanty.”
The building in which, by his voluntary
choice, “he lived alone,” is not a shanly but a
comfortable one and a half story painted fram
ed shop belonging to Hon. F. O. J. Smith, a
member of the Cumberland bar, in which Mr.
Morgan was permitted to live and keep a law
office with his rent iree.
So far from being “uncared for,” he received
stated relief from the First Pniversalist church
ot which he was a member,and had for thirteen
years been clerk, at the hands of Rev Mr.
Gibbs, as that gentleman stated at his funeral.
The same gent, from the same pariah fund,
devoted expressly to the comfort of the poor of
that church, had, only a few days before the
death of Mr. Morgan, sent him a ton of eoal,
most of which is unconsumed.
As a citizen of Portland and member of the
Cumberland bar, I can hardly consent to allow
the good uame of that Association, of one of
our worthy religious bodies and, indeed, of our
city to suffer irotn so palpable a misstatement.
_C. W. G.
tniSCELLAlVEOGP NOTICES.
Real Haik Switches in every shade for $2 50,
$3 75, $4 50, $6 00, $7 00, $8 00, $10 00 and $12 50.
A lull set ol Real Hair, waterfall curls, onlv
$500; cluster curls, $100, $150, $2 00, $2 50
and $3 75. Very nice full sets imitation curls,
75 cents and $1 00.; extra nice thread chignons
$1 00; imitation hair, French twist, 75 cents.
Also some new style hair goods, $12 00.
C. C. Welsh, 79 Middles street.
Purchase your perfumes and toilet articles
at Hinds’, under Preble House.
Best stock of Boy’s Clothing in the city is
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle street, Come
early and avoid fhe rush Saturday evening.
Hinds’ hot soda water is a success and speaks
lor itself.
Dr. Carlton Kimball advertises something
new relative to artificial teeth in our special
notice column this morning. We advise those
in need ol new teeth to give the doctor a call,
as he makes beautiful teeth, and his terms are
most liberal.
Try Hinds’ hot soda water, it will make you
comfortable and happy.
The most wonderful invention of the age is
on exhibition and in operation at 67 Federal
street. The public are invited to call and see
for themselves. novll—St
Twelve rolls batting for one dollar. Covell
Talpey.
G. A. Merry, can he found with H. W.
Lewis, Hair Dresser, corner Exchange and
Federal Sts. George would be pleased to see
his friends and customers.
The sale of horses, carriages and harnesses
at the DCW repository, 67 Federal street, is post
poned lor one week on account of the death of
a near relative of Mr. Taylor.
A Warm Boom, plenty of hot and cold wa
ter, and the price only 30 cents lor the enjoy
ment of a good bath at J. P. Smith’s, 100 Ex
change street.
Honey, and almnnd cream, lor the skin, at
Hinds’, Preble House.
Our $1.75 All Wool Coats are going rapidly.
Don’t fail to get one.
Geo. W. Bich Co.,
novll st&t 173 Fore St.
The best and the cheapest—the famous Hal
ford Table Sauce.
The Eureka Ventila tint/ Hurt* Cover Cos.
goods may he found at the Bazaar, 14 16
Exchange St., and for sale at Factor// privet.
deodlt
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
D1A1ME.
Shooliug Msitih,
Bangor, Nov. 10 —The Jam* son Guards of
this city had a large sbootiug match to-day for
three prizes of $30, $20 and $10, offered by a
gentleman of this city. The prizes were won
by private Win. L. Hodgkins, Corp. S. A.
Hapworth aud Sergt. Charles D. Clark in the
order named. Their average distance from the
ceutre being 4 5 6, 5 2-3, and 6 1-ff inches, re
spectively. Distance 100 yards. The shooting
was with Springfield rifles.
NEW H/UIPNIIUIE.
You ig Uiiiuiuub.
Concord, Nov. 10.—Sheriff Stevens this
morniug committed to the S‘aie Prison under
sentence of the Supreme Court, Frank Sharp
of Providence, R. I., <or four years, for break
ing aud entering the Ashland depot. Sharp
acted as bis own lawyer in Court He also
committed Alvaro Elliot of Compton, for three
voars for horse stealing. Both are aged about
18.
Snovr Storm.
Snow began falling here about 3 30 this af
ternoon aud continued through the evening.
At present there is nearly two inches.
Trains oil' the Track.
Portsmouth, Nov 10.—The up local of the
P. S. P. freight train sot two cars oil’ the
track at Kittery. The 7 30 p. m.. and both
boat trains came up to the freight train but can
Dot get by and are at Kittery. Nobody hurt.
A carload ot brick is piled up aod it will take
some time to get cleared up. The Pullman
train is due here now but cannot get any fur
ther at present. It is thought they will get
through to-night
A later despatch says that the eng:n?er, bis
fireman and a brakeman were slightly injured.
NEW YORK.
The Good Work not Ended.
new York, Nov. 10.—At a meeting otto©
Uuiou League Club last uigbt resolutions con
gratulatory upon the triumph over the Ring
in the recent elections were passed aod ats rt
ing that the people demaud lliat the reform be
continued by legislative euactment securing
the future purity of the ballot box, and that
miser- ants shall be punishe 1 to the full extent
ot the law; that the charges of venality against
the judges ot our courts be investigated iu or
der that the people may feel assured that jus
tice caouot be bought or sold in the future, and
that legislative imeMigntion into all the de
partments and offices of this city be made.
Better lTct.
The Tribune states that the Republican ma
jority in the State is 17,000. The amount of
independent voting is unprecedented and the
majorities for Republican Senators and Repre
sentatives are much larger than for the State
ticket. The Assembly will be 96 Republican
to 32 Democrats.
Will Hold In *plfe of ihe Verdict.
The Herald states that the Tammany mem
bers of the Board of Alderraeu aud Assistant
Alderman held a fecret caucus oa Wednesday
n;ght, and it is believed that they will attempt
to hold ou auolber year ou the same ground
alleging that the election of new boards this
year was unconstitutional. They threaten to
make damaging exoo-ures of the leaders un
less they arc backed up iu their claim.
Ifotv Ihe Brooklyn Ring Carry Elections.
The Republicans of Brooklyn to-day r.laim
that by a fair eouut of the votes cast on Tues
day their candidate for Mayor, Samuel Booth,
is elected by a large majority, and also their
candidate for City Auditor, Nelson Sherman.
The Democracy admit Ike election ot tb© lat
ter and also the election of Charles B. Martin,
Republican candidate for Assembly iu the 7th
district.
The returns are not all in yet, and those re
ceived are in almost hopeless confusion, The
returns of the 4th district, 21st ward, wore
stolen to-day from the office of the Ciiy Clerk
by uokuown parties.
The investigating committee to day exam
ined a number of poll cleiks and inspectors in
regard to repeaters aud other election frauds.
Another King Ueierler.
Judge Henry Hilton to day sent a communi
uuiuiD io me mayor rendering ms resignation
as Park Commissioner, to take effect on the
appointment of his successor. He says the de
paitment lias been a long time iu arears to the
employees, to those who have furnished labor
and material under contract and upon pur
chases for the use of the department iu the
prosecution of the extensive work undtr its
charge. Requisitions for necessary moneys
have been made from time to time upon the
Comptroller but with no effect, and under
these circumstances, he says, “I am unwilling
to reinaiu longer in the department.”
1 What the Aldermen will Do,
The members of the Board of Aldermen, it
is said, are deteimined to demand their own
re-app«.iotmeut by the Mayor. In the event
of his refusal, some of them threaten to im
peach him for fraud and iueompetency for hav
ing affixed his signatuie to the Keyser and lu
gersotl warrants. Alderman Cowan denies
the latter part of the report, but says that he
has no intention of vacating his office, ar.d be
lieves that no certificate of election will be is
sued to the Aldermen choseu on Tuesday.
Sin ill Pox.
The Board of Health lias appointed a com- 1
mittee to urge Comptroller Greeu to furnish
funds to enable the Board to check the progress
of small pox, which within a week has sudden
ly appeared in all parts of the city.
Interesting Insurance Statistics.
The publishers of the Spectator, the insur
ance journal, have issued a table showing the
aggregate lo-ses by States or corn pa ulrs, ttic
numb-r suspended and a?9*^ed and the num
ber afleced by the Chicago fire. The total of
companies iu the United States is 335; aggre
gate capital, $74 939,210; total gross assets,,
$135 420,450; total b ases, $82,821,122; compa
nies suspended, 57; number assessed, 28; num-
ber not iu the fie, 87; Joss.-s of companies by
State?;—New York, $21,032 500; Ohio, $4,818,-
657; Ma'sachusetts, $4,483 500; Connecticut,
$9,325,000; Pennsylvania, $2,082 000; Rhode
Island, $2 072 600; California, $2,950,000; Mis
souri, $575,000; Maryland, $397,165; Wiscon
sin, $290,000; Michigan. $175 000; Minnesota,
$100 000; Maine, $30,000; Kentucky, $0,800;
loreign companies, $5 800.000.
Indignation Meeting.
A great indignation meeting, to denonuce
the Brooklyn Democratic ring, was held to
night at the Brooklyn Academy ol Music. The
building was literally crammed. Mayor Klab
fleiscb presided and spoke at leDgth to the ef
fect that the false couuiiug of votes had takeu
place at every election, and declared that it was
necessary to go to the Legislature for a law to
require certain qualifications in the inspectors
of elections. Uuiied States District Attorney
Tracy said that a gang of twenty repeaters
went round openly on election day and voted
in almost every election district in every ward
in the city with the connivance of the police.
At least 10,000 fraudulent votes weie cast.
Good Advice.
Samuel J. Tilden in an address at the ban
quet of the Mercantile Library Assocsation
urged young merchants to uphold ilie integrity
of the State by atteuding to political as well as
mercantile duties, and eulogized the action of
the merchants during the past month iu favor
of political reform.
The Prosecutions.
The Tribune says the orders lor the arrest of
Ingersoll, Garvey and Woodward all will be
returnod to-day. Iugzrsoll is in town ready
wit l bail. All these cases will be brought be
fore Judge Learned.
The case of Haggerty and Baulcb, the vouch
er thieves, comes up next week.
Irving Indicted.
Jim Trving was to-day indicted by the Unit
ed State* Grand Juiy. His hail will be fixed
at $50,000 or $100,000, it the effort of the United
States Attorney to have him committed with
out bail is uusuccest-ful. A great crowd ef
roughs were iu the court to sympathize with
mm.
La (I Dccuios.
The Supreme Court has decided that the
Mohawk indiaus aro trespassers ou the lauds
ou Long Island supposed for many years to
belong to that tribe. Several thousand acres
thus come info the possession of speculating
whiles.
Decision on Brie Bonds.
Judge Jame*, of Ogdensburg, sitting at Lake
George, decided yesterday that consolidated
mortgage bonds amouutieg to $30,000,000, is
sued by tbe Erie CaM way Co., iu September,
1870, are valid in every respect. Twenty-three
aud a half millions of the bonds were to be
placed with tbe Farmers' Loan and Trust Co.,
to be exchanged tor old bonds and tbe remain
der putin the mat hut. Their validity was con
tested by some of the preferred stockholders
who, according to tue decision, tailed to prove
the allegations impeaching tne issue.
Fleeing from the Wrath io Conic.
It is now rumored that Hiltoa will resign
from tbe Department of Parks. Hauk Smith,
Tammany Republican, will resign from tbe
Police Commissioners and Hitcbn.au from tbe
Fue Commissioners. Charles O’Conor tays
that Fields will never take a seat io tbe legis
lature to which he was,elected ou Tuesday.
Punishing Votr.ts.
The discharging of meo who voted the re
form ticket commenced yesterday iu the fire
department repair shop.
A Card front aigel.
General Franz Sigel publishes a card thank
ing the people ior their confidence in him and
requesting that evidence of repeating be scut
him iu order that the culprits may be punish
ed.
Alderman Irving’s Case.
Iu accordance with the writ of habeas cor
pus the counsel for Jim Irving appeared this
morning aud requested a postponement of the
hearing till afternoon. It is uuderBtood that
United States Attorney Davis agreed to the
bailing ol Irving which will release him from
custody.
More Discoveries of Bing Bobb*rs.
Rumor says that the bureau for the correc
tion of municipal corruption has discovered
evidence against Peter D. Sweeney on which
they piwpo;e to ask for his arrtst. Charles
O Conor is reticent upon tue subject.
A Clean fcwvcp.
It is reported that a number of reform lead
ers will immediately upon tbe as.embling of
the legislature ask for tbe removal of police
justicts Ledwitb, Dowling, Sbandley, Hogan
aud Cox.
The Ilalihcl Buried.
It is said there was a cordial meeting of Sen
asor FeLtou and Collector Murphy last eve
ning, and tbe hatchet buried. Greeley is less
tractable, but i: is understood he signs the
truce.
Various Mutter*.
Isaac Bell has resigned a Commission of
charities.
Gen. Banks and family left this morning for
Waltham.
The Reform Committee hold daily sessions
iu Brooklyn. Returns Irom several districts of
that city are missiug.
Henry Ashenhermer is sentenced to 5 years
in State Prison tor highway robbery.
There were several arrests to day for viola
tion of el. ction laws.
A German boy uame.l Fiank, 14 years old,
was arrested for incendiarism in Hoboken.
James Pair is dying from a blow ou tbe head
by James ConkliD, on election night in tbe
Hfch ward. Conklin was arrested.
There has beeu light snow here all day.
C'olfeu Sfalenit ill.
The following is a comparatively correct
statement: net receipts from September i*t.
-70,230 bale.*; for the same time iu 1870, 077,034
hales: export*. 215 283 bales; for tbe same time
,n 1870, 272,133 buiei.
WASHINGTON.
Geu. Nhrrniau uu«l Parly.
Washington, Nov. 10. —Admiral Alden,
<jeo. Sherman, Col. Audeuried and Lieuten
ant Grant left to-night to embark on the Wa
bash to-morrow for Europe. President Grant
and wife will no with their son to New York,
returning to Washington Monday.
Indian Molten.
The act ng Commissioner of Indian affairs
Pas received a communication from Agent
iyPeL dated Canada Alamasa,New Mexico,
Get. 24:b, reporting that the Apache Indians
are coming daily so fast that the supply of com
JT1'! So,JQ be exhau-ed. Nineteen hundred ra
tioos we-e issued that day. The Coyotes’ cbief,
mra, had arrive! brioeiog 190 Indians. Co
®Dl8e» wbo is at Canada, Alamasa, said a great
many more would be in shortly.
Story Doakd.
was published recently that Sena
ry ,Cott» chairiuau of the Ku-Klux Comtmt
tin’ r?COa,mended the issuiug or a proclama
ijou, but that gentleman himself denies that
tne report has the least foundation.*
Origin of tbe Sniull Pox.
Prominent gentlemen here attribute tbe
spread of the small p^x in Philadelphia and
oiner cities to the sale of buffalo rob**© taken
r0m t!,e Blackfeet ar,d Pigeou camps, where
me disease prevailed two years ago.
Cabinet Meeting.
All the members of the Cabinet were present
four hourstiU" t0 which coutinued nearly
The Civ it Set vice.
•v10 largest portion of the time was occupied
n«^<I?-S,dIeriDgr tlie result of the civil service
commission, which was explained by Mr. Cur
tis, member of tbe Board.
The Hornet Mailer.
4.™8 8°vernment and tbe Spaoisli authoii
Ve Dv0fc >'et arr»ved at an agreement™
specting tbe Hornet, now at Port au Prrnce,
menaced by Spauisli vessels. Correspondence
19 p.^2ress between the S’Cretiry of State
and Minister Huberts, tbe former protesting
agaiDst any design to seize that vessel, which
is under the American flag.
No Mortial I aw in Georgia.
It appears from Georgia papers that much
alarm prevails that tL© President will declare
martial raw in tuat State. It may saft-ly bo
aaid that such is uot bis design, there being
nothing in the present condition oi Geoigia to
warrant such a measure.
Ft-nsiou Agent Qualified.
Gen. Sickles, successor to Col. Forties, Pen
siou Agent at Philadelphia, was qualified be
fore the Commissioner cf Pensions to-dav
giving $200,000 bonds.
FOREIGN.
CUBA.
Cabana Ariested.
New York, Nov. 10.—A Havana letter of the
4th slates that a large uumber of arrests by the
government of parlies heretofore entirely un
suspected of sympathy with the insurgents
have been made and the parties sent to the lrie
of Pines. The attests number 40 including
merchants, lawyers and planters.
AUSTRIA.
Cold Compliment.
Vienna, Nov. 10.—The Emperor has ad
dressed a complimentry letter to Count llucst,
thanking him warmly tor h'.s success and ap
pointing him a lite member of the Upper
Chamber of the Reichsrath.
GERHA\Y.
Unveiling Statue of Schiller.
Berlin, Nov. 10.—The ceremony of unveil
ing s atue of Schiller was observed to day in
the presence of the Emperor, Crown Prince,
Frederick Charles and Gen. Wrangel. The
crowd was latge and enthusiastic.
The North German Gazette (official) says
that Cabinet changes at Vienna wid in no re
spect affect the relations of the courts of Vien
na and Beilin.
SPAIN..
The IfltnGtry Sustain'd.
The Cortes to uight passed a vote of conti
denqe in the existing government, the vote
stood 191 yeas to 33 nays—The radical mem
bers abstained from voting.
SOUTH AMERICA.
Another American Ship iu Trouble.
Kingston, Nov. 6th,via Havana 10.—Steam
ship Ocean Que»-u for New York takes an
enormous quantity of coffee.
Auvites irom Aspiuwail to the 21 inst-. state
that the Spanish war steamer Tornado is still
watching the American steamer Virginias.—
An attempt to capture her is apprehended des
pite the protectorate of the Grenadian govern
ment aud and the United States Consul.
llilinx
The Chilian government is planning a
scheme to effectually occupy the Curaeauieau
territory.
Surveys are in progress for the building of
new and an extension of old railroads.
Revolution Imminent in Peru
The Presidential election iu Peru resulted in
favor of Gen. Prado. There are tears that the
government will nullify the election and pro
claim Ecbeuigre temporary president with the
assistance of the army, and subsequently ap
point Ecbenigre’s brother dictator. A revolu
tion is expected in this eveut. Prado is re
ported to have 8000 soldiers, and it is believed
will begjn a war if the government nullifies
the vole.
The small pox is raging in Lima.
A riot occurred iu Lima during the election
and six were killed and seventy wounded.
Guniimala News.
Political troubles con iuue in Guatimala.—
The archbishop aLd bishop were exiled for
complicity in the late revolution. Honduras
is also disturbed.
Cooiie Bu*iuc«s Pr jhtblted.
Salvador prohibits carrying of Coolie emi
grants iu Sa)vador vessels.
Work bas commenced on the Costa Rica
Railroad.
IRELAND.
Kelley Acquitted.
Dublin, Nov. 10 —Kelley, who was accused
of the murder of high constable Talbot, has
been acquitted alter a long and exciting trial.
Great demonstration was made by the friends
of Kelley iu Dublin and Cork. No disturbance
occurred.
Foreign Item*.
Fide Manbal Benedict of tbe Austrian
army and one of the commanders at Sadowa
died at Gratz in Styria, Oct. 25th.
King Victor Emanuel is preparing to take
up bis permanent residence in Rome.
The news of the disaster to the whaling fleet
caused an immediate and heavy advance in
sperm oil in London.
DOMINION OF CAN IDA.
Railway Snbftisly Granted.
St. John, N. B Nov. 10.-The New Bruns
wick government bas accepted the proposition
of Barbee and associates to build the River Pu
L>up9 Railway. The Company receives a
subsidy of teu thousand acres of land per
mile.
Vci«el Wrecked.
Halifax, Nov. 10.—The schooner Express
from St. John to Sr. Margaiet?, Jsvas wrecked
near Lockport. A part of the cargo has been
saved.
Fire.
Port Hopf., Nov. 10 —Molson’s mills were
burned this morning with some small build
ings and 13,000 bushels of grain; loss $135,000;
insured for $18,000. The fire was incendiary.
ILLINOIS.
Jail Delivciy.
Chicago, Nov. 10.—The prisoners awaiting
trial in Iroquois county jail at Watseka.IU,
broke out and escaped on the morning of the
8th iD«t.
The Graiu Dealer* and Insurance Com
panies.
Under the influence of tbe high rates of in
surance on grain in tbe warehauses, the pro
nrie'ors are determined each to nurchase strain
fire engines. ±ue whole cumber will be called
out in a case of necessity. Eich warehouse is
to have a steam pump connected with a pipe
radiating throughout the building. Thus
averting the necessity of insuring warehouses
arid their contents.
Judge Williams has dee/ded not to anpoiut
receivers iu cases of Continental and Garden
City Insurance Companies of Chicago. There
are no allegations against the companies show
ing bad faith.
M ASU' HIJSEl TS.
Assault and ESobbnr,
Boston, Nov. 10 —This evening a man named
Bingham, from Vermont, was knocked down
ou Cragie bridge, Eut Cambridge, and robbed
of bis watch and $40.
Fire.
A fit© broke out to-night in buildings Nos*
94 and 96 Blackstoue street, occupied by A. G*
Davis, tin box mauufacturer, Joues Carpen
ter, jjpauere,and Roberts Webster, grocers,
ou ground floor. Stocks badly damaged by
fire and water. Building damaged about $1500.
ARIZONA.
€*raud Jury and ludiaus.
San Francisco, N v. 10 —The United Statrs
grand jury of Tuscan, Arizona, will make for
mal charge against the managers of the Inchaa
reservation territory, sbowiug that the Apaches
are allowed to go on the warpath at will, and
specifying numerous murders committed by
the ludiaus from Cauip Grant; also charging
that the_Indians are supplied with arms and
ammunition and their women prostituted by
the officers in charge.
GEORGIA.
Special Election.
Atlanta, Nov. 10 —The House has passed
a bill providing for holding a special election
for Governor on the second Tuesday in De
cern her.
U. 59. Court Wanted.
Augusta, Nov. 10.—The Bar Association of
Richmond county lias unanimously passed res
olutions requesting Congress to establish a U.
o. District Court with circuit powers iu this
city.
MISSOURI.
How to Get r Railroad.
St Louis, Nov. 10.—Five hundred thousand
dollars of the stock of the Northern Missouri
railroad owned by the county of St. Lo iis. was
sold to the managers of that road for $85,000.
The purchasers assume the expenses incurred
in the suit pending against the company.
KENTUCKY.
£tcaiiiboatiuen’« Convention.
Louisville, Nov. 10—The National Steam
boatmen’s Convention has appointed a com
mittee to draft a new steamboat law for sub
mission to Congress. The objections to the
present law were fully stated by the delegates,
some of whom were fiom New Xork and Bos
ton,
offline.
tiorcraoi’A A<t<li-<>»-«.
Cheyenne, Nov. 10.—Governor Campbel
read his message to the legislature yesterday
lie recommends retrenchment, the appoint
nient of a commission of emigration, and tha
female suffrage be not repealed as women mad<
good j'lurrs and were honest aud competent
He upho'ds the Indian policy of the adminis
traiion aud shows a good disposition to worl
with the legislature for the good of the terri
lory. _
OHIO,
fu ament.
Cincinnati, Nuv. 10 —The Aldermen have
appointed a special committee to endeavor to
secure the rational political conventions.
Suit l>ii*nianted.
The suit of Morris T. Ingalls, receiver of the
Indianapolis, Cincinnati Lafayette Railroad,
against H. C. Lord, the former President, for
recovery of $248,000 has been dismissed.
SOUTH CAUOLIffl.
V illow Fever.
Charleston, Nov. 10 —The Howard Assochv
ciations have passed a resolution giving uot:ce
that the yellow fever has nearly ceased Active
operations of the associations will terminate
Nov. 15th.
fflliVVENOTA.
*lil! Heller.
St. Paul, Nov 10.—The returns swell Aus
tin’s majority to 8222, with the upper counties
to hear from.
31FTEOKUIAGICA L.
Syiiop'i* of Wcathar Krpnrl* for Ike pnat
‘M wenty-Four Hour*.
War Dsp’t, Office Chief Signal
Officer, Washington, DC.,
Nov. 11, (7.00 P. M.)j
A risiDg barometer with clear and clearing
weather will probably prevail on Saturday
from New York to Lake Superior and south
ward to the Gulf. The storm in New York
will probably pass northeast e ver New Eug
land, reaebiog Nova Scotia Saturday night,
high northwest winds ou Like Erie aud in
New Jersey, following closely in its rear. Cau
tionary signals arc ordered lor this evening at
Cleveland, Buffalo, Oswego, Cape May, New
Yuik, New Loudon, Boston and Philadelphia.
TELEC4KAPH ITEffI*.
Tlios. Spillcts committed suicide in New
York Tbursd y evening in consequence of
haviug been deserted by bis wife and children.
In case of Tweed resignation it is said he
will appoint Geo. McClellan his successor in
V..W L-V t-ai lUiuriM,! 1. uum; II UfhS,
Six acres of woodland in Westchester coun
ty, N. Y., were burned over Thursday, taking
tire from a spark from a locomotive.
The new iron steamer India is sunk iu Sau t
St. Marie river.
Tb^re was a heavy easterly gale in New
York yesterday afternoon with rain.
The canal steamer Astoria with a cargo of
cotton and naval stores was burned and sank
ut Norfolk yesterday morning. Loss $15,000;
no insuiauce.
*1 here was a light fall of snow in Poughkeep
sie Friday morning.
Iu Fort Wayne, Ind., a boiler in a railroad
shop exploded yesterday, seriously injuring
S’x meu.
A Raleigh, N. C., despatch says that a negro
wernau ca ned Johnson, sentenced to be exe
cuted tbo -4th iast., has escaped from jail in
Nash county.
Charles McMaam of Woonsocket, R. I.,
jumped from the express train passing Pau
tucket Friday loou and was killed.
A fire in Meodo'a, III., re3ulted in the de
struction of sev^n buildings, including the Wn
verly House.
David Rose, colored, who was to ][have been
hung at Granada, Mis*., Friday,for murdering
his wife, has b^eu respited until the 30th inat.
Weather Uc{»orl-Kof. IO-M P. \I.
War Department, Signal Service IT. S. Army, Di
vis-ion of Telegrams and Reports tor the benelitof
Commerce.
h
V
1 I
Place 1 l i
ol o a
-So
observation. c -o
xl A O *5
ta H .is
o Q co
n
Boston.29.46 34 N I.tSnow
Cbarleston.S.C..29 95 f 8 W Ciear
Cheyenne,W.T. 29 35 35 SW Cloudy
Chicago.33 30 33 NW Clear
Cleveland.30.06 42 NW Far
Coilnue, Utah..29.58 4rt SE Cloudy
Duluth, Minn..30 23 34 SW Cloudy
ludiauapolis....30.25 42 SW Fair
Mt.Washington.29.61 17 Calm H’y s’w
New 1 oucon ..29.54 37 NW Lt rain
New Orleans. ...30.18 53 NE Clear
New York.19.60 40 NW Lt rain
Norfolk.29 91 54 W Char
Omaha.30 17 33 SR Fair
Pittsburg.30.'5 <0 W Cloudv
Portland.29.59 32 N h’y b’w
Pori I aid, 1 re. .29.99 48 Calm lluxy
an Diego, Cal .29 97 57 E Cloudy
San Francisco. .29 92 51 W Fair
Savannah.30 C8 18 W Clear
Washington 29.5)0 43 NW Cloudy
Wilmington_3-1.03 56 NW Clour
Montreal, C. E.29 60 34 NE Ltiam
Barometer corrected tor temperature and elevation
BC8INEN8 NOTICE*.
Gent’s Under-llauuels. in srreat variety oi
styles and price*.
George \V. Eicn Co., 173 Fore St.
lr is said that if a pulf of air were to be
blown iuto a vein of ananimal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
he stepped. The blood makes the entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven minutes,
and whenever this circulation is impeded or
any of its channels are clogged by impurities
which ought to be carried ofi', disease follows—
fever ora disease of liver or kidueys,or 6crofula3
or dyspepsia. To get at and remove, the source
of the difficulty use tie old and infallible
blood purifier, Dr. Walker’s California
Vinegar Bitters. octl8:k 4w
Get Briggs' Com and Bunion Remedies
Briggs’ Pile Remedies are a saccess.
BRiGGs’Allavantor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs’ Throat and Lung Healer.
TiiKUuiUd States Watch Co., (Gilei, Wales
Co.,) employ 500 hands in their works at
Marion, N. J., and are turning out 250 of their
celebrated time-keepeis daily, or one watch
per day for each two hands employed; their
working time is 10 hours per day,|or 600 min
utes, producing a fine watch complete every
two and a half minutes, and a little more, at d
even at that, aie unable to keep pace with the
constantly increasing demand caused by the
extraordinary records the watches are making
as accurate aud reliable time keepers, au in
stance of patient and persevering energy and
enterprise, re warded by prosperity which we
are glad to see. f«&w
COMMJBItC iAL.,
Foreign Imports.
WINDSOR, NS., Schr Magnolia—190 ions plaster
to Knight Whidden.
Receipts by Railroads and Stcamboatr.
Grand Trunk Railway.—230 cans milk, 2164
bbls. Hour, 34 bills paper, 23 empty bbls., 41 cars lum
b.r, 2 do corn, 4 do bark, 3 do potatoes, 1 co spirits, 1
o mulch stock,1 do oil, 1 do hay, 3 do laths, 1 do
shook, 1 do oais, 2 do sundries. Shipments *o Low
er Provinces—1200 bbls Hour, l car oil, 1 do bran.
Steamer Forest City from Boston—1G boxes
tin. 18 bills iron. 10 do steel, 63 bars iron, 25 cates
and 20 bales domestics, 20 kegs lead, 50 bt.Is. pork,
20 ca.'-es shoes, lb bills elicvel?, 20 bags seed, 55 casks
nails, 1 reel pipe leaJ, 20 bills pap-r, 50 bags dye
wood, 10 tes molasses, 40 bales gambia, 45 pkgs lor
nilure, 1115 bbls onions and t-wcet potatoes. 37 fir
kin* batter, G pcs m irble, l horse. 2 wagons, loO pkgs
tooider. For Canada and up country—95 bags log
wood, 2 organs, 21 pcs machinery, 10 balm sheep
sains, 10 do Gambia, ::8 do rags, 99 buls iron, 10 sets
axles, 2 pcs marble. 75 pVgs to order.
Mew Work htecu and tfobey {flarkei.
New York. Nov. 10— Ufornino— Gold openod at
111}. Money 5 @0 per cent. Sterling Exchange, long
losj. short ItUJ. Sticks dull and heavy. Govern
ments heavy. State bonds steady.
The following are tnc torenoon quotations ot South
ern securities:
Tennessee Gs, new. 65J
Virginia 6s, new. 68$
Missouri 6s.95
Louisiana da, ue»r.50
Alabama 5s... 65
Georgia 7’s. 86
North Carolina n’s, new. 19
South Carolina 6s. new...35
'1 ho Inllmvinj vtro tha nnnlilinna Ihr I f nlnn Pa.
citic securities:
Central Pacific bonds......1(22
UBion Pacific bonds.891
Union Pacific stock. 24}
Union Pacific land grants...77
Union Pacific income bonds.77J
Nkw York, Nov. 10—Evminq.—Money easy at 5
@6 per cent.; prime business piper 10 (a) 12 i er
ceut. It is reported that a Southern Railroad has
gone t protest. The failure a small dry gooes
Him is aoucunced. The rumor that the Chicago
Rock Island Railroad intend to issue $<*00,000 of new
stock Is authoritatively denied. Sterliug Exchange
s eady at 108$ 108]. Gold at 111J (gj 111 loans are
mtde at 2 9 per ceut The clearances were 555,
000,0j0. Governments strong aud higher. State se
curities firmer. Stock market heavy and lower with
a decline of i pjr ceut., Horn tin- highest point of the
day The chief dealings were in Y Central, Lake
Shore, Toledo Wabash, Chicago A North Western
common. Reck Island ana Western Union.
The following are the closing quotations ol Gov
ernment securities:
United States coupon G’s, 1881.lltj
United States 5-20’s 1802...
United Stales 5-20*8 1864.• •HI j
United States 5-20*8 1865, old.111J
United States 5-20’s 1865, ikw.113|
U ruled States 5-20*8, 1867.-..114
United States 5-20’s, 1868. 1143
United States 10-40s., coupon. lCDj
Currency 6’s.112}
The following are the closing quotations of
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 614
Pacific Mail. 4r>J
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated... 9tj
N Y. Central A Hudson Rivercousolidated scrip.804
Erie. 31
Erie preferred..
Hariem. 123
Harlem preferred..
Reading..7.7!.’*.’.1094
Michigan Central..
Lake Shore Mielngau Southern, ex div.!’.!*.’.*.. 854
Illinois Central..
Cleveland A Pittsburg..!!’.’.’!,!!!! litli
Chicago A North Western.!’..'.*.! 7. 60?
Chicago North Western preterred!. 3!*jf
Chicago A Rock Islam 1.
Milwaukee St. Paul..
Pittsburg A Fort Way ne.!!.!!!.’. *.yo
tfiouirxtic Harkt t*.
New York,Nov 10—Evening.—Cotton is in good
demand; sales 2269 hales; Middling upla da »8,.\—
r lour—sales 8600 Phis.; State and Western unchang
ed; State 5 80 a 7 15; rouud hoop Ohio 6 00^7 20;
Wester.! 5 70 7 40; Southern G 80 @9 25. W bent I
2c higher at close; s.»l?s 92,000 bush.; |No. I
Spring at 156; No 2 do 151 1 C4; Amber state
1 6t*; Wint* r Red Western 1 50 I 6o; Wl itc Mich
igan i 62 (jhj 1 70 Co n unchanged; saies 86 000 bush.;
Mixed Western 7*4 81 Je. Oat s quiet, buyers in
fusing to piy the advance; sales 46,(iOJ bush, at 54 ;nj
65c; closing sellers’ Western at 54c. Reef quiet.—
P«»rk lower; mess 13 00 uj 13 25, closing at 13 00. Lard
weak at 92 loe. Uut<er a eady. W hiskey scarce
and firmer a. 90 92c. Rice firm at 72 8$c. Sugar
firm; Porto Rico and Muscovado 8J 92c; rchuiug
I 8]^9ic. Of flee quiet; Rio 17* 194c. MoDsse:
nominal Naval Store*— Spiiit* Turpentine "es-* tirn
affi J@G9e; RoMn unchanged at 1 75 ai l 87i t«»i
Hrunjeii. Petroleum quiet; crude 13c; refined 2 V
(ffi 23c. Tallow steady at 9 a. 9j
Freights to Liverpool heavy Cotton per steam 3-1G
"Wheat per steam 7Ad; Corn per do 7*1.
i Ohicago. Nov. 10.—Flour dull. Wheat In hdr do
mam! and lower; No. 1 Spring 1 23 a) 1 21* No. 2 d.
1 19jf 1 20; So. 3 do at I iOj; rej.cie J 1 034 -(L 1 04
No. 2 Spring, feller November. 1 19 a) 1 li»A; uo las
halt’ riioiitli 119| fa 1 21; *lo December 1 20 Con
Active and higher; No. 2 Mixed 4*jc; njecied 4t'.! c**
47c seller Nov«inb**r; gelier first halt' of month 46c
and 42@ 424c do December. Rye dull and lower
0 Clc asked lor la.-1 hall of month. Oats active;
No. 2 at33Jc; feller January 33]c. Bailey nomin il;
No. 2 Spring Sic; No. 3 do 43 4f‘c. Pork tinner at
12 75 (g> 13 00; seller December 12 62 (a) 12 75. Dry
s:iltcd urea's—shoulders 4]c; clear ribs 6jc. Bou
meats, shoulders 5c; c ear rib Cj; deliv ‘nd he first
in December. (Been meats, *>h »iiidcrs4] r£ 4c. Live
HoiS in fair demand af 3 97 fa t 10.
Receipts—4000 bMg. flour, 47 00U bush. wheat, 163
000 hush, corn, lt’OO busl^. oats, 63,000 bush. barley,
10.000 bush, rye. It.000 h gs.
Shipa)6O*B—30C0 bbls. flour, 21,000 bu«b. wheat 81
000 bush, corn, 2000 bush, oats, 80,000 bush, bailey,
2000 bush, rye, 5000 bogs.
St. Louis, Noy. 10.—Flour unchanged. Wheat an
advance asked but none established; No. 1 Wiuter
1 50. Corn dull and unehange I. Oats firmer; No. 2
34 a) 34* Barley slow a*. 72$ 80-:. Rye excltod
and higher; No 2 at 68 (8) 7Jc Pork quiet, bacon
dull; shoulde s 7j (a) 7]; clear rib sides 8c; clear
Bid s 8. Laid quitt at 9f 9je.
Cincinnati. Nov. 10 —Perk dull at 12 75 lor mess.
Lard dull and firm al 8j (f£ 9c. Bulk Metis, new par
tially cured 6j fa 7*<•; old sides 7c. Bacon firmer;
shoulders 7c‘ subs 7j 4$7|c. Live H gs dull and
lower at 4 30 4 40; receipts 4500. Whiskey steady
at 88c.
Milwaukee, Nov. 10.—Flour droopiig; extra
Spring 5 75 6 10, Wheat firm; No. 2 at 1 10; rig
ul-»r 120; Amber 121 seller December; No 2 at
1 214 cash. Oats firm; No. 2 at 23fc. Corn firm; No.
Mixed 48Ae. Bulay firmer. No. 2 Soring 53.*.
Receipts—3000 fib's flour, 43,000 busli. wheat.
Shipments—8000 bbl?. ii ur. 18,000 bush, wheat.
Tc'LFro, Nov. 10. —Flour nominal. Wheat weak;
No. 1 White Wabash 147; do do Michigan 142 (01
1424; No. 2 Amber lid ois44c; No 1 Wiuter lied
1 414; No. 2 do 1 35. Corn steady; high Mixed 55*
low do 54c; new do 53c; Yellow i>44c; uo grade 51c.
Oals firm and in la r demand No. 1 at 37 tc; Mich
igan 38c; iejected 34c.
Charleston, Nov. 10.—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 18gc.
Savannah. Nov. 10.—Cotton firm; Middling up
lands 17A life. F
17A**OBIL*' >'ov* 10*—Cotton dull; Middling uj lands
Nov. 10.—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 18c.
■'•rrittu fflarkeu.
Liverpool, Nov. 10-10.20 A. M.-Cotton Opened
quiet an I steady; Middling uplands 9$ l; do Orleans
5§^9]d; the sales ot ilia day estimated at 10.000
bales, sales of the week were 60,600 bales, ot which
9000 were for export an l 5000 lor i-p dilation; stock
47,000 biles, of which 11.000 are American; receipts
ot the week have been 34,(00 bales, including 18.000
bales American. Wheat- receipts tor three days 25,
00 quarters, including 17,COO American quarter-.
American securities—U. S. 5-20s, 1802,913; do J*G5
old 91]; do 1867, 93]; U. S. 10-40s 80 J.
Paris Nov. 10.— Bullion in the Bank of France
has increised 7300 fraucs sines last week.
London, Nov. 10—1.30 P. M Couso's at 9C4 tor
money and account.
Livkhpool. Nov. 10— 1.30 P. M Cotton quiet and
steady; sales 10,000 bahs; »tock -tint 105 000 1m 1 s,
or which 83,000 aie American. Calilornia Wheat 12s
lOd, Pork 47s.
London, Nov. 10—5 P. M.—Consols closed at 534
tor money and account.
American securities -U. S. 5-20’s 1862, 912; do 1S65
old, 91|; do 1867, 833; 17. B. 10-40s, 89].
London, Nov. 10—5 P.M.—Tallow 49s Gd (g 50s.
Paris, Nov. lO.-Kmtes 571 35c.
Liverpool. Nov. 10-5 P. M —Cotton c’oscrt quiet
and steady; Middling uplands Old; do Oilcans i,VI:
sale3 19,000 bales. a
Boston Stock List.
Sa»es at the Brokers’ Board, Nov. 10.
Union Pacific It R sixes. 874
Union PaeiOc Land Grant. Sevens. 77]
Vermont C'entraf 1st mortgage Bonds.. 85
Peppered Manutacturing Company. G50
Eastern Raitroao. 108
Michigan Cental Railroad. 119
Boston and Maine Kailroan 14j
Portland.Saco Sr Portsmouth Railroad. 119
Bates Manufacturing Company. 1U
ENTERTAINMENTS.
EEJJEJS'T IIwUjIj,
Tuesday Evening. November 14th,
Four Following1 Nights!
Electro Biology and Phrenology
Instructive and Amusing,
Prof. G. W. Stone
Will give as above, a Series of
Wonderful and Amusing
EXPERIMENTS
Upon persons in a perfectly wakeful state.
In cider ro attnet General Attention to this in
teresting Science there will be presented to the Au
dieecc each evening at least
50 Benitifiil Costly Gifts,
Free of Fxlru Charge.
Doors open at 7 o’clock. Commence at S.
Admission (with one envelope) S3 cent*. Front
Seals (two envoi pes) r»0 cent*. Family Ticket, t(
admit three, 'six enve'ope-l Si.
Tickets may be had at llaae«& Ctajin’s Mash
Sloie, 77 Middle street, at Sio.kbridge’s Mush* store
116 Exchiuge st, and at the door. no4dtf
mt. iLi.
Fourth Entertainment
Wednesday Evening, Nov 15tli,
LECTURE BY
Rev. E. E. Ghapin, of N. Y,
Tickets to the Course 1.50. Evening Tickets 50c
Door* open at 6 1-2. Lecture at 7 1-2 o'clock,
nolitd
-Hl-»
The Irish Amercan Relief gAssccia'ion
will give an Assembly at L&.NCASTEK
HALL,
ThniRdiy Night,Nov. 16th,
Music by Chandlei’s Quadrille Band. D. H.
Chandler prompter. Ticket* admitting Gent and
LauiesSl. Member* can procure their tickets of
WilliamJJMcAieney. 26 Prebe street.and at the door.
Floor Director, It H. Parker; Assistant*. E. H.
Coleman, E. J. Lisk, 15. E. MeDonotuib, P. O Con
nor. Maxime Paquet, dames Hernon. Dtccirg to
commence at 8 o’clock. C.othiug checked free
_ novlttd
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE MARINE
Insurance Co.
Srikgfield, Mass., Oct 25, 1871.
Messrs. Lorikg Sc Tubes ton,
Agents, Portland:
As many of the Companies have been deceived in
the amount ot their A hie ago Iomnc«, we conclod
at this late day to make the following Statemen
which we know' to be correct.
Audi at Wnrlict Value.$f,077,000
i'liieayo Io.*»m**
not over.$450,000
All other ontHiniiding
lownt.4 7.220 $497/220
$319 780
53^*-Tliis will give U3 our Capital of 1500,000
entire, and Surplus ol $79,780 and we expect a
salvage ot over$. 5 COO at Chicago.
Our Adjusters are paying all lossess at Chicago in
Ca<h as fast as they can be adjusted.
Our Directors and Stockholders arc pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO KATA on their Stock $325
OOO within thirty days, as a reset ve against all out
standing lisks, in accordance with tlio Laws ot
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus
OF OVER
#900,0 00.0 0.
After Paying nil Outstanding LoutR.
THIS PUTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
BASIS. Select your buHuess wiih great care and
avoid hard and undcsii able risks as heretofore, and
pleaie be particular not to give us too much in one
risk or 'ocality.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Sec’y.
DWIGHT D. SMITH, Vice-rres’t.
The above statement wilt assulfc the pat ion 8 of the
Oomparyand tie public that the SPKINUFILD is
STRONG and alive to the situation.
Policies issue J on good property at fair rates.
LORINGr THURSTON,
AGENTS,
38 ICxcliang-e street.
Portland, Oct 30, 1871. isdiw
SEE®, SEE®~!
onflfl BUSHELS New Timoltay Seed; also
dmlKJKjyj Clover and lied Top lor sale liy
KENDALL WHITNEY.
Porlland, Sept 2,1871. sep2dtl is
Wiuter Board for Horses.
AT the stable in Diering, formerly call'd the
“Forest City Park Stitle,” t»«*x stalls, good
keening, and plenty ot room tor out door exerc’sca.
Addiesa CHAS. E. MARWICK. Portland.
i.o9d2w
OFFICES TO IjET.
TWO FRONT OFFICES, second story, over stores
No 136and 138Commercial street; fttud up with
all l«te improvements.
Apply to H. N. JOSE,
Nov 4-dX:w*2w is 194 Forest.
TO EFT
Store No 14a 144 Commercial at,
(CORNER ot Widgery’a Wharf, particularl
J adapted to the Flour and Grain business, larg
capacity, b.aviug a frontage o« 36 feet, aud depth 15
teet, accessible i*v water or rail, tiled up with tverj
modern convenience.
Apply to H. N. JOSE, 194 Foie st,
fcov 4 is it
^~I^?sTERTA1NMENTs'
Ni I ^kTiull’
A«.i. Tfc»,,h, Aa.i«T..Ni«h,
oek'vu e L ms a success t
Everybody unaniiu in in UlC pra!»« ol the lauiou.
Tstblca bix ot Erin
AM) THfi WoRLD-RKKOWN'ED
BHETVNANS.
Ibd ui"5f amusing, moral, largest, and bust enter*
taiumenf, portraying the beauties of the
EM ERA LI) ISLE
Ever exhibited in this country, together with thw
world-renowned.
Mr. and Mrs, Brennan.
The people’s favorites, in their chsracterlttic Songs,
Skep h^s, ami Duets, tug*tlier with a tall
COMEDY COMPANY,
-AND THE
W onderlulPanorama
of the Emerald Isln, recently imported by Mr. Bren
nan, ami pronouuced bv the pres* ami clergy to be
the ui >«t iruiIftul lepre^cutatiun ot the scenery ef
Ireland ever before the public.
I* »and .llaiiner \Ynlm «<l«y and Saturiaf
_ Afternoon*,
For School?, when admission will be 10 ets. loc ehlU
dren anti ‘J5 cents lor adults.
Evening ac mission 33 cts. Reserved seats »0 cents.
Aittmocn pcrlonuanre comniene'S at 24 o’clock.
Evening pei‘oriuan< e commences 8.
Doors open at i and 7 pm.
it rfdtd H. D IV IS, Jr., Business Agent.
A8SEMULY.
MR. A. H. USB
would announce his first assembly in connection
with his class in D&nciug,
.TIouduy Evening* November l.'lfli.
at his Academy, corner ol Brown and Congress ste.
Music hi Chandler's Band.
Mr. (ice will commence his first school for Instrno
io.i in Dinciog 'oreren ng scholars o i Wednesday
everdng. Nov. I5tb, ond continue every Wednesday.
For pani- uiars apply at the Hall. novttt
Social Assembly
MR. J. \V. MAYMOND
Will live an a«sen>bly in connection with bia School
AT LANCASTER HALL,
Monday Kvruiny, November l.lUa,
Tickets admitting Gent with Ladies lor tbe course,
S3; Ladles* ticket# $1; Gent’s tickets $2 50. Kveu
mg tickets 75 cents. noLAltf
AUCTION SALES.
STOCK
-IN]
'Japan TEA Store,
158 Exchange street,
BY AUCTION, 30
On Tuesday, Nov 14, at 2 1-2 PM.
Y» O B.VILEV Ac Co., Aurlioacrro.
HAVING dttermin.il to change my busmen to
exiln« vc retail Flour Trade, I shall rloe. out
my mire ock ol Groceries Auctioi. consisting
etches'. Tet, whole CoSee. F our, whole and par.
ground Stores, Sia-ch, ttaislns. Soaps, Syrups, Dried
Apples, Gunnell Goods In variety, Cracker., Caodi.a
Musiard, Cocoa nuts, Fiavorirgs, Farina, Cocoa
Shells, Geleline Herb., Corn Slarch.Tobaeca, Clears.
Imiori.d CJStile Soap, Bhelring, Sait, wt da ana
split Peas, Henna, Itloa. W»s:i-B, nrd., clothes Pins,
&e. Stue Furniiure, Sroya. Ice Cha.t, Fl.tlorm
Sc de, Codec Mills, Spice Cans, Measure., Scoop, ege.
The above goods are tresh and first class. uo8td
In Bankruptcy.
Assignee’s Sale.
WE shalt sell at poh.ic auction, at the anatloa
r »om oi P. O. Bailey Co., 18 Exchange SI.
Portland, «n Monday, tbe 13th day oi November,
at 12 o'clock .M
One span Carriage Horace,
One pair fglit Harnesses,
One Work rioi?e,
One Harne?s,
One set Double Harnesses,
O le Carryall.
One Buggv Wagon
One Sunshade Carriigt.
On* single Jigger,
One doable .Jigger,
One double Sleigh,
One single Sleigb,
Two Wolf Robes,
One Rung,
L^r of obi Iron and Rags,
a boat 1(0 barrels old Bottles,
Two bundled Beer and Champagne Bottles,
Two Pap:r Cu’feis,
One large Platform Scale,
One Store Counter,
Two rhaies Portland Mathias Steamboat Co.,
Two bundled shares Mayfield Slate Co.,
Four store* Maine State Boiler Co.,
One Watnh mid Chun
GEORGE F. EMBRY,
CHAkLE-J P. M Al'l'oCKR,
AwgnfOk In Bankruptcy ul Woo-ltuan Sc Littlejohn
anil Nathan M. Woujinan.
F. KAILIil Ac CO. Anrtlonreri.
Nov i- Jtel
B. It. HUNT,
(hmmi«sion Merchant, and Anotioneo1
NO. 31G Congress st., will sell every evening
large assortment ol Staple and Taney Uoods.
Uoods will be sold daring the day iu lots to toll
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on ai
lescriptious ol goods Ccnsi laments not limited.
February II, 18G8. dtt
BONDS.
Portland Municipal, O’*
Portland ltd R. B. O s
Slate ol Maine O’s
St. Louis O’S
Rockland A id B. R. 0’S
European N. A. R. R. Gold O’s
PortlaudSc Gad. R. R. Gold 6’a
Portland Rochester It. K. 7’s
Chlcajro 7’s
Toledo 8’s
FOR SAL* BY
SWAJV BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
lOO middle etreel.
oc?3 SK MW&F
Commissioners’ Notice.
rilHK Subscriber* hiring been appointed bv
X tbe Judge cl Probate for the Couhly of Cum
berland. CoinuiissiooerK 10 examine and pass
upon the cla ms ol creditors to the estate ot Thad
dous S iilirg. late ot Cape Elisabeth, iu said Coun
ty, deceased, represented iniolvcn.; aud six
monibs from the seventh day of November, A. D.
U7I. eel of allowed lor that purpose, hereby give no
ti*e that they wid attend to the duties ase.gued
them, at tbe office of iUw«rd Cleaves lu
Portland on tbe twentieth day et December, A. D.
1*71. on the twenty fjnrth day of January, A. D.,
1872, and on (he seventh day ol May, A. D., 1872,
liom one to Lur o’clock in tbe afternoon on each of
said days.
HSNUY B. CLEAVES,
KOBLttT ROBiNSJN,
Commissioners.
Dated at Portland the eighth day or November,
A. D., 1871. UlawSwF
Ao Authentic History
Of the War belweeu l»Yrmany aud France
with Biographies ot the principal actors therein. Al
so an account ot the Civil V*ar aud Reign at
Terror in Paris. Over 800 pages, and 150 illua
tranous. Sold only by subscription. ATWELL
Agent lor Portland. auldeodtl >3t
Awful Defeat l
The rout Is complete! The last hope ot the parties
who havtf been getting up Scalp Poisons to com
complete with
Cribtadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
is lost, lost, lost! 8(111, It towers over all rivals, new
and old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Dye o
the Country. Still tens ol thousands ot heads thai
showed tlie white flay,
Carry Cii«tndaro'» Calais,
and ihe eour-e ot the (lye of dyes Is ever upward aud
ouward. So much for excellence, wholesomenesa,
and a true rew odaction ot Nature’s lint*. As a
die.sin^ alter d7»lng, Ufe
CKISTADORU’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
oc-8 eodlm w44 46 sn
Printers or Machin ists
Wishing Tor small PITKAM E!V«>ilITES. from
1 t.» liorse power, will find It to ib«lr advantage to
call on
J. It. LUCAS,
60 IXCHARCIE NTKEKT.
DEALER IN
Machinist Tools and Supplies.
ocl4
Sherill s Sale.
Cumberland, ss:
1>A AKN on execution and will be sold at public
auction, on Satuiony, tho second day of De
cember. A. D.t lt*7i, ar. three o’clock in ihr* afternoon
at toe office oi J. \V. foreaitb, In Brunswick, in said
County, all ihe right in Equity, which Chari*** L.
Thompson, ol Brunswick, in the County of Cumber
land. Pal on rhe twenty-eight day oi duly, A.
1871, at t vo o’clock and Buy mmutos In the after
noon, when the same was attached on the original
writ, io redeem »ho following de«crtoed Real Es
tafe.’situabd in Brunswick, in paid County, t) wit;
a ret tain 'ot of laud In Brunswick, aforesaid, with
the buildings thereon, known as the llomestead
F.irm ot the lots James Dunniug, betig the same
i remises conveyed to Charles L.Thompson by James
H. Dunniut, by life Deed ol warranty, dared March
26, !Si2. and recoided in the Cumberland Registry ot
D- cds, Vol. 3tu. P-go 329. Also by Samuel Dun
nmt, bv his Doe 1 ot (Juiielaim, exempting that part
s »ld Blake by Thompson, and a part called the J udy
Chtso lot, sold to John L. Swlit, the rest ot the farm
being about oue hundred acres
Also ol e other lot ot land with the buildings there
on, situated in paid Bronswick, on '.he south stdeot
Noble street, and occupied by ihe said Charles u.
Tlioropeon, beina the sumo conveyed by Wwtstelt
W. Douglass, by his Deed of w arrantv, dated Novem
b *r 8, 16b4, and recorded In the Cumberland Kegis
ty oi Deed1*. Vol. 329, rage 1G6. The cIxJve premise*
being subject to a mortgage recorded in the Cuui
berlund Registry ot Deeds, Book 319, Page 874.
by the said Chailes L Thomps on to the Brunswick
Savings.In ituiiou.lo secure ihe payment o» a proin
i*sorv nolo lor threeltbousaud dollars, dated Mar u
28, I'll payab'e in one year with
parent rayab e semi annually, on w r wiliA
nowrtustt* eum ol Thro lboUMOd DuflAru, wuu
interest a* aforesaid.
Bn.ju.wick’ "f' rohSAl fH, Deputy Sh.rlff.
in.normnt to Wholesale Dealers.
AN 1\rflTr,.W°3’.d.'ex.e'„0.^
Kir***<»s’ 'v-„o8v4Ns’Pt,i,wi'
I Oca.