mpEACHMjarr.
WiT the Inventor Be Tortured
by It?
Secretary Bout well In a Tight
Place.
fbe Wbys end Means Committee Propose to
Investigate I be Syndicate Operations.
Violations of Law Admitted?Start
ling Disclosures.
Twenty-nine Million
Dollar Job.
Rational Bank Certificates Received at the
United Plates Treasury in Exchange for
Bonds?Twenty-six Million Dollars from a
Single Bank?Mr. Bout-well* a Defence?
Our Treasury Clerks in Eurepa?
The Cost, Cause and Eflbot?
Treasury Defalcations?The
Treasury "Ring" To
Be Smashed.
Washington, Dec. 18,1871.
Secretary Boutwell ta becoming seriously alarmed
at the strong indications of efforts for bis Impeach
ment, and, in view of the proposed report of the
Ways and MeanB ComiLluee giving a fall account
ot bis Syndicate operations, Is preparing to answer
the demands of ttie committee lu reference to tho
matter.
It is rr&nlcly admitted by higb officials at the Trea
sury Department tiiat, In order to put tho loan upon
tho market at home or abroad, the Secretary did
step outside 01 the law and violate the terms of tno
acta of Congress, approved July 14. 1870, and Janu
ary 23,1871, which expressly forbid auy increase of
our bonded debt or the payment of more than one
naif of one per cent commission to agents or the
sale ol bonds ror less than their par value in coin,
In the following words:?
But nothing in this act, or In any other law now
in (urea, shun be construed to authorize any in
Ci ease whatever or the bonded debt of the Doited
States.
Section 2.?Ann be it further enacred. That the
Secretary ol the Treasury is hereby authorized to
sell and dispose ol any of tho oondd Issued under
this act. at not loss than their par value for coin,
and to apply the proceeds thereof to the redemption
of any of the bonds of the United States outstand
ing, and known as five-iwenty bonds, at their par
value, or he may exchange the saute for such live
twenty bonds, par lor par; but the bouds hereby
authorized suan be used tor no other purpose what
soever. And a suui not exceeding ououali of one
per cent of t;ie bouds nereln authorized is hereby
appropriated to pay trie expense of preparing, issu
ing, advertising ana disposing ol lUo satne.
MR. DOl'T WELL'S VIOLATIONS OF LAW.
It is absolutely nee.ssary here to recapitulate the
most flagrant of Mr. Uoutweli's violations of law.
though the Uebald readers must be familiar with
the larger portion ol them, but not with the essen
tial particulars, wmch will oe fsuud lurther oa.
Two huudred million dollars of the new bonds, a
Uttie over one-eighth ol the amount authorized by
Congress, have bccu put upon the market and dis
posed ol; but at what cost The answer is given In
Mr. bouiwell'a own orgau In the following words:?
Mr. Itouiwed'n plan of funding the national debt
has uud a pretty inlr trial. The sum and substance
of the Secretnry's success is the funding of
$209,00 looo at five per coat, on the payment ot a
nouns ol oue aud a half per cent to the "."syndi
cate" of loreuu bankers who have agreed to take
the toau. Add to the bouus (k V)00, uO) $i.oou,o>o
more lor the aggregate cost of printing the new
bouds, advertising, explain.ng aud comnicuiliag
the loan, and the entire cost ot tuuaing the
$200, '0. joe at 3ve per ceut is $1,000,
It must be borne lu mind Uat this $4,000,009 has
been paid oat by Mr. ltoutweii, nut for negotiating
$2jo,co'j,ocio or bonds sold for coin, but mainly to
pay favorites lor handing one set ot bonds over their
counters and taking back another. At this rate
$39,00),339 will be cxpcndel in converting tho
amount authorized by congress. At this rate
$30,000,090 will ba expended in "explaining, adver
tising. ccmmending" aud paying '"bonus" to
favorites be,ore the entire loan can be converted;
for conversion is all there 13 ol It.
THE FIRST VIOAATION.
Congress appropriated a sum not to exceed one
mdiion dollars to pay the entire expense of con
verting the fi 'O.ouo.OJO live per ccuts put upon lite
market last soring, it Is admitted that Mr. boat
well has expended tub four times the maximum al
lowed by law. llorein has he violated ooin the let
ter and spirit or the law. Congress expressly pro.
vidod thai half the amount saved by reduction of
interest the brat year shou.d cover the cost of con
version. It is admitted that Mr. boutwoll has ex
pended more than he can save In two years.
congress expressly provided that the expenses of
the conversion should not increase the taxpayers'
burden a single cent. The burden imposed by Mr.
Bontwell's .Syndicate operations Is just two million
dollars greater tnan it would have been it he bad
1st the business entirely alone I
THE SECOND VIOLATION.
The law ot Congress expressly forbids any increase
Whatever oi tho bonded debt or the nation.
It is notorious that secretary boutwell Issued
$2oo,ouo, uoo oi the live percent bunds beiore, mouths
before, culling in a like amount or six per coats.
Under the head of "Jlebt bearing interest In coin"
lu tne last monthly debt statement the secretary
gives $8i,7:m, loo us the total amount or new five
pei cents onuuuding, whou it is notorious that full
?2oo,oa,ooo nave been bearing interest lor moutns.
THIRD VIOLATION.
Congress has provided t>y law that the new Ave
per cents suan not be disposed of lor less than their
vein pat value.
it is no orious that the Syndicate, by hook and
crook, actually obtained the new bonds trom Secre
tary boutwell lor much less than their par value lu
0018.
fourth violation -a rino job.
The .secretary o: the Treasury is authorized only
to exchange the new oonda lor old bonds or sell
thorn lor coin, it Is notorious thai Mr. boutwell has
taken miliums upon millions of dollars of national
bank ocrtilicuies of deposit In exchange 1 or new
bonds.
ud the ;ith oi September last the Treasury Depart
ment held $2t),t)'..'8,-too oi these national bank certifi
cates ol deposit, received in exchange for the new
bouds. lwcutv-six millions four hundred and
eighty-four thousand and lour hundred dollars of
these cerudcaios oi deposits ot ooiu were issued by
tue fust Nalmual llanx ol Washington, of which
Mr. H. D. Cooke, of the firm oi Jay Cooke at Co., U
President.
i do uot flud anv one who even pretends there
were $20, 09,909 o. coin la the First National bank
of Washington at any time during the month or
September. That institution, nevertheless, found
uo trouble in geitlug secretary Bout well 7b take that
ainouut el its ocrtihcatos of deposit, bearing uo In
terest, in exchange lor United Mates bonds bearing
five per ceut interest.
H was undeistood at the Treasury Department
that .Secretary boutwell would hold tue certlDcates
three mouth*; and. at the end ot that time, if the
bank was not ready to take them up. either by lurn
iug in old bouds or payiug coin, an extension would
not bo rofuseu. The transaction was both safe and
pruUinble for the bank managers, but teirlbly severe
ou ilie taxpayers.
But the worst feature of this transaction Is its
palpable violation o< the law or Congress, which re
guirestbe new bonds to i>o exchanged lor the old
or sold at uot loss than meir pur va<ue
IN COIN.
Certain it la that national bank certificates are not
Coin lu the meaning ol the law. 11 Congress had
lineudod that secretary boutwell should exchange
tue new live per ccuts for natiuual bank certificates
oi deposit a provision to mat effect would Have been
Inserted in the law lor funding tho national debt.
Ol'B TREASURY ULEKK.3 IN Kl'ROPE.
The Oommlueo oi ways and Means will also In
quire bow ana by what authority of law Secretary
lkoutweii gave some liiiny-inree Treasury clerks a
leave of absence mat enaoied them to inane a
lengthy tour ih Europe last summer aud lali atgoV
eminent expense.
Many ol uiese clerks hold responsible positions In 1
the department, the duties of winch during tneir
absence in Europe were performed by inexperienced
and, lu some cases. Incompetent subordinates. The
general iooseuae* ol department business, as shown
f the recent startling ueiaiOaUous, is tne natural
result.
lhe answnr. that It wss necessary to send there I
Iblrty-thrce cieiks to Europe to carry uouds to the
(syndicate, w no reply at eic i he oonda if stolen or
lo*L would have been, in the hands of unauthorized
persons, quite valueless-noi worm tne paper they
were pasted upon?so that lue responsibility was
really very small. A coulract .could have readily
lieen made wliu a responsible steamship or express
cemBfihf to transport the Ootids as saic.y and
chtsirly as uy the pi.?u adopted and the bervloes of
It* oierk* thereby rouuasd lu lhe department
The present demoralization and recent defalca
tions m the Treasury beparkin-iit must be charged
mainly to Mr. BoutweU's Syndicate account.
SECRETARY BOLTWKLL'a III) SNCE.
My. Bfiui wad's tocud* are oonmeiied to Admu
?1?Ila?? iiiWf MM mwWm
upon t*e market abroad He weal outside tfce Itaaiti
save* to ike goveromoot one per oeat interact on I
the toads thai converted. They igaove the toot I
teat the expense of the conversion Is greater than I
the amount saved dating the next two years, nod I
tnat the immediate effect of the transactions la I
question is to greatly increase the harden at the I
government. I
VIU NOT BOLD WATS*. I
Wnether Mr. Boutwell's deience meets favor with I
the Committee or Ware and Meant and with Con* I
grass in general remains to be seem It is hardly I
probable that the dangerous precedent of allowing I
a becretary of ihe treasury to aet aside the lews of I
Cougresa at idea? ure will be established. It might I
have been done miring the great rebellion, bat it is I
too late now. There is no occasion lor the exercise I
or any such power. I
H WILL SECRETARY BOCTWRLI, BB IMI'KACHKD? I
Four inouihs ago Mr. Bouiwell could laugh at the I
[idea of impeachment aa safely and aerenely as sir. I
Tweed imgUt have Buitled at the suggestion of an I
arrest upon a charge of leionv. I
The people arc now, howover, getting Into the I
dangerous hsmt of smashing rings. The Tammany I
King lias neon very nearly broken. Its great proto- I
type, tbe Treasury lung at Waanington, must he the I
I next to meet the same rate. I
I considerations of party expediency may postpone 1
I Mr. Boui well's impeachment until he resigns or is
I dismissed by the President. It is not easy to see
I what else can save him. Tue Hkkald's exposures
I of nls Synuicate operations are tiavlng a powerful
I effect upon publio opinion that pouttciaus are not
I slow to observe.
I The Treasury lUng?the greatest, most powerful I
I mid mosi dangerous of all rings?will matte a 'erri
I ble light to save him, for he has oeen a supple tool
I lrom tue ttrst. But rings have bad tneir day. TUe
I cry is now, "Down with the Treasury Ring."
A'XT SALS.
An interesting oolieottoa of ourlons art wort, con
stating of oarved and inlaid antique furniture, speci
mens of rare glass and earthen ware, and a small
number of excellent engravings after distinguished
artists, is at present on exbtbition at tbe SomervlUe
Gallery. It will well repay those who take an interest
in the study of the art of the Middle Ages to
visit this collection and examine some of the
elaborate carving In oak on cabinets and tables,
which displays considerable taste. Although
the examples of later art are more perfect
and more valuable, from the skill displayed
in the execution, tbe rnder work of the "oaken"
period has more interest by the dim associations of
a remote age which It calls np. Seated in one of
the old stiff-backed chairs, black with the stains of
tune, we can Imagine ourselves back with the
Tudors and l'lantagenets in the old baronial halls of
England. This age, with Its tournaments and cas
tles and rude stories of doughty mall-clad knights
and fair damsels, appeals so muofa more forcibly
ana sympathetically than the later times, when the
elegance of the French Court encouraged the
skilled artists of France to produce those
wonders of marquis try
which are evidence of the exnuislie refinement or
the taste or tbe rich in the sixteenth and
seventeenth centuries. But while we can
not help admiring the artistic skill dis
played by the workman In tboso everlasting
wood paintings, we confess more reverence for the
ruder and more characteristic work of the earlier
age. Among these a massive old oaken cabinet,
covered with curious grotesque carving, is an ex
cellent example of old English ark Two oaken
stools from Hampton Court Palace are also very
interesting. There are numerous other specimens
which we have not space to notice. One or the
greatest curiosities In the gallery is an antlqae
bracket clock, by Carrlngton. Its date Is 1076, and
It is ornamented with qnaint figures. Though it is
about three hundred years since It was made it is
claimed bv tUe possessors that It still keeps good
time. Marquetry work Is well represented In nu
merous tabies, chairs, drawers, beautifully in
wrought with
FLOWER DESIGNS,
and, tn some instances, with birds and animals.
Nos. 78 and ltfti especially display remarkable taste
and skilful workmanship. There are alsovome very
good modern Imitations of antique pottery, adopt
ing the lorms and even the designs or the old Greek
work. One terra cotta vase, imitated alter a Pout
peian model, deserves special meatiou, from lite
beauty and parity ot the design. Modern house
hold art is represented by some excellent majolica
ware irorn the best English manufactories. In its
peculiar department It la very good, but rrom
a purely art point or view tbe modems
have not yet equalled the ancient work. This re
minds us that we have omitted to speak of that
part ot the collection which hits the highest claim
to he considered as "art"?a number oi old engrav
ings by Bartollozzt, after Clinaui, Kaurfmuti aud
Auscll. Of these "The Flight of Helen and Parts,"
by Kau.Tmau, nnd the Tour Cupids, representing
PfBuence, Merit, Hope and Vanity, doserve par
ticular notice. The Cnplds are drawn with masterly
freedom, and are beautifully engraved. Much taste
has iren used in making the selection of the works,
which illustrate a large art periol. Titer will re
main on exhibition at the Sotnervhle Gallery until
Thursday, when they will be disposed of by public
auction.
SMALLPOX IN JE4SE7.
The Diieaie in Jersey City, Hoboken, New
ark and Trenton.
The spread of smallpox in Jersey City has aroasea
the slumbering authorities, and a special hospital is
to be provided for all cases of this disease. There Is
not a worse feature of the Bumsted administration
in Jersey City than that which vests the sanitary
department In the Police Commissioners. Durtug
the past summer nuisances nourished and the city
physician for the Third district, Dr. Locener, called
attention, through tho columns of the
IIbbald, to a very aggravated case, yet
bis suggestions were unheeded. There is
an employe of the Police Commissioners
styled a Health Officer, who draws a handsome
salary, but be would not luterrere to abate the
nuisance complatuod of. Smallpox is slowly creep
ing into the city, and even now the Police Commis
sioners Ought make some atonement for the past by
appointing a competent health Inspector. Three
new cases were reported yesterday.
Within the past two weeks the alarming spread of
this contagion excited general atteutlon a no alarm,
not only in Hoboken, but throughout the noriht ru
part of Hudson county. In Union H 11 tne number 1
catching the injection has largely increased aud i
the disease Is oi a very violent type. nr. I
lie;isou nas taken all need:ul precautions In
lloboken, wheto the afflicted patients are removed
10 a hospital on Thlrteenin street. Vaccination 1
progresses more extensively tnau at any time pre- I
VIOUH. It is generally believed that the Influx of i
careless immigrants by tne Bremen and Hamburg i
steamers has repeated I v earned the spread ol the
malady lu lloboaeu and the vicinity. Further pre
ventive measures seem necessary at present, both
as a means of arresting the progress of the disease,
as well as of toning down popular alarm.
Ill Newark the disease is on the decline, owing to
The vigorous measures adopted by the city authori
ties.
In Trenton tbero are not half a dozen cases,
although a few months ago the spread of the con
tagion was alarming.
BMALLPOX IK BROOKLYN,
The Bpldeinic Increasing.
Reports from the physicians In various sections
of Brooklyn indioate that the disease Is increasing,
notwithstanding the efforts ol tne Health authorities
to check iu Yesterday there were ten more patients
removed to the hospital at Flatbnsh, and a num
ber of others were reported last evening to the
Health Officer. Three patients have reoently been
taken from St. Teter'a Hospital, two Irom the City
Hospital and one lrom the Kings County Jail, in
Kaymond street. All those who have irlenda to take
care of them and wno are not In a position to spread
the contagion are not removed. It was expected
that there would have been some action taken oy.ihe
Hoard of Aldermen yesterday, but the subjeet was
not alipded to. Tne Hoaltn Officer Is therefore icft
to bis own responsibility, and cf course labors under
some embarrassment He Is anxious to have a
fund provided sufficient to defray tho expenses in
curred In the work of vaecluatlon and care of those
who are afflicted with the disease.
MEETING OF THE FEDERAL COUNCIL OF
THE INTERNATIONALS.
ElKiios of Officers.
A meeting of the Federal Council International
Workingmen's Association was held at 68 Grand
street last night, Mr. Debrlchez presiding. The
following delegates presented their credentials and
were admitted to Beats:?Mr. Bradshaw, from the
Crispins; Mr. Mouregor, from the Jewellers' Union,
and Mr. Biee, from Typographical Union No. 8. Mr.
Nee staled that his society hoped ere long to have
all the typographical onions in tne city affiliated
with the International. Typographical Union No.
6 was then affiliated as s.ctiou 81 of tlio Inter
national. Tho Crispins as section 31, and tne Jewel
lers as section 33. The council having balloted for
officers to be appointed during good behavior, the
following were elected:?Mr. Elliot, Mr. Urosse and
Mr. bogrand as Secretaries for the English, Ger.
man and French speaking portions of me council
respectively: Mr. Bice and Mr. McGregor as ifecord
ffig Becreuirles; Mr. Hubert, Treasurer, and l)r.
BieibUug as Archivist. The following committee
wasappolnicd to draw up bylaws and report at
next meeting:? Messrs. Banks, Hubert, Dcbriehea,
McGregor, Mlee and Dr. bteibllug, alter which the
meeting adjourned
GRAID DUKE ALEXtK
His Tltk U Ottawa a* |Im CtK mf Mm
Otwf?t CI air si of OaaaMa PaMlo Dta>
MMrtradoM Mtifd Owing to the Ulaeeo
of IIm Mara mt Walaa.
OTTAWA, OM?. Dae. 18, 18T1.
The Grand Date and bis party left their splendid
apartments la the St. Lawrenoe Bail this morning,
and are new the guests of Lord LUgar, the Gover
nor General of Canada, at his offloial residence in
this oily. The day was one ohnrncMristto of a
Canada winter, bat the railing snow did not mate
rially impede the progress of the train, which con
sisted of four Pullman oars, and was the finest
palace or parlor car train that ever Invaded the
Dominion capital. There waa bui -a small
crowd at the Montreal atauon to witness the
departure of the imperial party, bat ho was met at
the depot oy quite a largo con course of people, who
gave cheers or welcome wbea the imperial visitor
made Lis eppearanoe. He proceeded immediately
to the residence of the Governor General, followed
by a large and entirasia3tio orowd.
Here, as in Montreal, there will be no popular
demonstration, on acconnt of the illness of the
Prtnoeof Wales. The only formality will be an
address of welcome by tho Mayor to-morrow alter
noon, and in the evening Lady Llsgar will hold a re
ception in Donor 01 tho distinguished guest, to
which numerous prominent Canadian and American
gentlemen have been lnvued.
The quiet nature 01 tbe Cuke's visit to Canada has
been wholly in deierenoe to bis own wishes. Ex
tensive preparations had been made both here aud
in Montreal lor a pompous display as well as lor a
brilliant ball in each city, but in conseqnenoe of ine
illness of tho heir apparent to the Knulish throne
the Duke desired that they should be abandoned.
He has, nevertheless, received many informal and
private courtesies, which has rendered bis visit
very agroeabie to himself as well as to tbe people
V VIJ swtvvwwsw WW
with wuom be bas come lu contact. It tbe Prince
couttnues to improve, and his recovery is assured
bovonu a doubt, it is probable that the Duke will
hereaiter accept sncb demonstrations of welcome as
may be accorJed him during the lntiauce of his
tourncyiugs turough toe Dominion and the United
Itates.
The parly will leave here Wednesday morning for
Toronto.
Cost ol lbo Bull lu Boston.
Boston, l)eo. 18,187L
Tbe Executive Committee having charge of tlio
arrangements for the bail given In honor of tho
or aud Duke Alexis at the Boston Theatrd, on the
8th mat., appointed an auditing committee recently,
which reports that the whole expenses amounted to
IU.078; tbe sale of tickets yielded $8,360, and tbo
proceeds lrom tbe promenade concert amounted to
8600. l'bls leit a ueflcit of $6,703; but as tnere was
a guaranty land ol |ll,ooo, the committee nave
assessed tbe subscribers to this luna to the amount
of liit.v per cent of thetr subscriptions to clear up
the accounts.
Another Bucnl GUt to the Poor.
Boston, Dee. 18,1871.
Before leaving Boston tbe Duke expressed con
siderable sympathy for the poor of tbe city, and
Major Gaston was most agreeably surprised when
the Imperial visitor forwarded to bim the snm of
$1,500 lor distribution among tbe deserving poor,
wuu an accompanying expression of hope thai they
would acoept It to furnish some trlding oomfort.
A WAIF FROM CHICAGO.
The Lost Girl Flora Brown?Poaching Letter
(rum Her Mother? ircaent Wbereabioto of
the .Girl Unknown. _
NKWBURO, Dec. 18, 1871.
The Herald or the 8th Inst, contained an account
of the finding of a partially demeuted young
girl. Flora Brown, wno was wandering
about the streets of Kewhurg and rescued
by the Chief of Police ol that otiy from
a crowd of young scamps, who were pursuing her.
That account also gave tee substance of the girl's
statement In regard to her sufferings by the Cnicago
fire and her journey to Newburg in search of an
aunt. The Herald's account reached the girl's
foster-mother, Mrs. Editha Brown, now residing at
SU Charles, Kane county. 111., and she wrote the
ioilowuig touching letter to Chief Goodrich, of
hen burg, oy whom it was received on Monday
morning. CnABlBR> Kane county, it'-, Dec-18,1871.
Dcab ^Throuih a friend of. the family
taken Irom the New Voua. Ueracd waa "J??*
lormlng u? ot twe destination ef the;young
who te our adopted Unujhter. She left ua i<Y>r week* ago
last Saturday morning, early -?o early ws cou.d
not ?ee what dnectiou *he Iiad taken. Her father
looked lor her leveral day* b.-iore we nonld
get any tldinji of tier, and then *he wa* s<iie *b-*h? J*'0?
wc could net where we hoard *ho win. W# oaa aire no
reason, nor can vre imagine why me ha* left u*. We took
hi r a little habe-bave lored and cared for her a* our own,
and eho wm all we had to lote. lt doe* aoem a* though 1
?hould go distracted. 1 caa t cat br *'eep or re*.,
Cay or night, thinking of ber. Our heart* are
al 111ift broken on account of It. _ ^by ?ha ha*
pone la known only to Hira wuo knowcth pi thing*. En
closed you will hnd a lett-r directed to hur. Wih yoU be *o
kind as to aire u to her, and alio will you apeak to her gentiy
and klDdly, telling her you have a letter for her, aud toll her
you gue>* It I* from her folk. Plc-.*a be very gentle wsto
her. a* ?he te rery nerrou*. Aurlse her to answer
nur lp'ter for wo feel a* though we could not
wall till we hear from ber pen. It 1* our wi?h that no more
be (aid about her In the paper*, tor she I* Tery Benaitire.
Her benUb had not been goon till within a month or two pre
yloua to her going away. At the time of her going away we
considered her perfectly wed. jftovru.
p 8 ?Should Flora Brown not be there plea*e answer by
return mail, directing to Mr*. Ik B. Brow n, as above.
on the morulng of Saturday, December 9, Chief
Goodrich, at the request or the girl's irlends lu Nevr
hurg, lor warded her to Cohocs, the residence 01 her
aunt. Flora was put on the express train leaving
Flshkill station at flity-slx minutes past nine, aud
the conductor promised to see that on the arrival of
?he train at Troy she should be placed on the street
car for Uohoes. Since then nothing vrhatever nas
been heard In Newburg irom her, and it Is lcaietl
that she has come to norm.
ANOTHER FIRE IN CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Deo. 18, 1871.
The Chicago Silver Smeltlnx and Hcflutug Com
pany's Worts, on Jefferson street, wore destroyed
by fire at about hall-past five o'clock this evening.
The works were owned oy Adams A Samuel
Binltn. The loss is fioai to $53,duo. Np in
surance.
Three men were seen to throw some substance
into a pile of dCbrls on Klghioeuth street. They
then fled, and tno substance was aUerward ex
ainineu and found to be composed of an explosive
material, ptto-phorous beiug one ot the principal
Ingredients. On exposure to any moisture it would
at once take lire and bum fiercely, there being
nothing watch would extinguisn lu 1 ho men arc
doubtless the incendiaries, aud edorts are making
lor their arrest.
LAWYERS IN COUNCIL.
The Member* of the lienin ky Bar Demand
a Revision of (he Laws ol the ftlslc in Uoter
?nre to the Giving of Evidence lu livll and
Criminal tawi.
Lotus vi llk, Kf., Dec. 18, 1571.
The convention of the Bar of Kentucky adjourned
on Saturday after adopting resolutions recommend
ing the Legislature to modify the laws of evincnce
so as to admit negro testimony on au equality with
white also to dispense with incompetency on ac
count of crime to allow husband and wife to testify
for and agalnab each other in civil and criminal
cases, excent as to communications made by one to
theVmer, and allow the depositions of non-resident
or infirm witnesses In criminal canes. .Also, recom
mending an abridgment of the right of appeal from
Justices or the 1'eace or Quarterly Courts; the crea
tion of more Chancery Courts to hear equity cases,
and a general revision of the statutes.
Arrangements were made for the establishment
ol a permunent organization of Hie liar ol Ke.ducky.
The next Convention will be held lu Louisvme
on the second Tuesday in November, 1872.
A banquet was given to tno visiting members by
the liar ol Louisville Saturday evening.
THE G0YE2N:4ENT OF FRINGE EDWARD
ISLAND.
llAUPAX, N. 8., Dec. 18. 1871.
Governor Robinson, of Prince Edward Island, lias
Informed the opposition, in reply to a mcmonal,
that though they are lu a majority they can only
give a declaration ol want ot confidence through a
vole in Tail lament. The goverumeut snows uo
signs of resigning.
STABBING AFFRAY.
Between eleven and twelve o'clock A. M. yoater
day inomas Muith, a brakeman on the Erie Hall
way, and Thomas Kerrigan, an engineer on the
same road, met In l.awrcnco McUraiU's liquor sa
loon in Port Jarvls. Both had been drluklng when
they entered the saloon. Shortly after their en
trance they began Joking with one another, and
finally Kerrigan became abusive and wanted to tight.
Binitli threw off his coat and, it is .'.aid, struck at
Kerrigan, who very mysteriously managed to Htab
htm without any ol the bystanders witnessing the
act. The wounded man immediately walked out of
the door and said to a liTond, "1 am stabbed; let mo
uo to tno doctor's,? wheu they walked over to Dr.
Carroll's office, who dressed the wound. The stab
is in thnabdomen and likely to prove fatal, as some
of the intestines are lu all probability
officer Lee arrested Kerrigan shortly alter aud
SAigti deposited turn in the lookup.
THE ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Meeting at Gene?a?The Tribunal
of Arbitration.
Statement in Behalf of the
United States.
[From the Boston Advertiser. Deo. 18.]
At a meeting of tne Tribunal of Arbitration ap
pointed under the Treaty of Washington the
"case" in bebair of the Unltod states was presented
by Mr. J. a a Davis. After reciting the provision#
of the treaty the statement proceeds:?
The United States have the honor to lay before
the Tribunal of Ai Duration this tnoir printed case,
accompanied by the documents, the official corre
spondence and other evidenoe on which they rely.
They propose to show oy an historical statement of
the coarse pursued by the British government
toward the United States, irom the outbreak of the
insurrection in the uoutuern States, that thero was
on the part 01 that government a studied uuirtend
itnosaor hxed predisposition adverse to tne United
States, which furnished a oonstant motive lor the
several acts of omission and commission bereiu&ltcr
complained or as Inconsistent with Its duty as a
neutral. Having adduced the evidence of this fact,
the United States will next endeavor to allow wnat
they deem to have been tne duues of Great Britain
toward the utlited states in respect to the several
cruisers. The United states will then endeavor 10
show that Great Britain failed to periorin those
dunes, botn generally and spectfloaily, as to each or
the cruisers, and that such /allure involved the lia
bility to remnueiate the United States lor losses thus
Indicted upon them, upon their cituena and upon
others protected by their dag. Lastly, the United
States will endeavor to satis y the tribunal 01 Arbi
tration that it can Und in the testimony ample ma*
terial lor estimating the amount of each injuries,
and v iu ask the tribunal to exercise the power con*
i erred Uy the Treaty of awarding a sum Ingres Vj
be paid by Great Britain to the Uui.ed Stat
tne claims. Under the hrst bead, namely, that or
the nuiriendliness of the British government, the
statement reviews the relations between Great
Britain and the United States from the treaty
or peace in 17*3 to the outbreak of the rebel*
Hon. The Ufitea of the various events which
marked the beginning of the rebellion are slated
wnn minuteness, and the times at wnich tidings
thereof reached Europe are carefully analysed, with
reference at every point to official documents; and
the conclusion is" reached with regard to the
Queen's proclamation M
of neutrality that the British
government received In the aiternoon of the lltli of
May, ls6i, its hrst complete and official copy or the
President's proclamation; that is, ten days alter
Lord Johu Russell had decided to award tuo rights
oi belligerency on ibe ocean to the Insurgents; eight
days alter the subject nad been referred to the law
offloars lor their opinion, and Ave days alter the de*
ctsion oi tlio government uponanat opinion bad been
ed in the House of Commons. The United
announced
States admit, in the language or the President's
Message to Congress, 6th December, 1869, that "a
nation Is its owu judge wheu to accora the rights of
beiligerenoy. either to a people struggling to tree
themselves from a government they believe to be
oppressive, or to independent nations at war with
each other." But the United Statos deny that the
facts then known to the Brltlsa government justi
fied the recognition or the rebels as belligerents,
and Htm less Jusiltled the advloe to France to accord
the same recognition. Ou the 1st of May, 1861,
Mr. Dallas told Lord John Russell that Mr. Adaius
had apprised him (Mr. Dallas) of his inten
tion or suiting in the Niagara, and that no
might be expected In London aoout the 12di or lath.
In point of lact Mr. Adatus did arrive in i/radou on
the eveuing if the lain or May. The Queen's pro
clamation had been Issued on tue uiorntiu of tae
same day. Other poiuts made in the statement
nuner this head are these:-That the British govern
ment studiously concealed Irom the United Slates
the fact of its negotiations with France for a con
certed recognition or rebel belligerency; tbat the
British government entered into direct negotia
tions wita Jefferson Davis respecting the
Pans Declaration or 1866, the use of the
British legation at Washington for such a pur
pose being an act ihat might well be regarded an
j act of war, and at least to be regardei a- an abuie
i oi diplomatic privilege and a violation by tae
Queen's Foreign Minister of tne neutrality enjoined
on all her subjects by ncr proclamation. The history
of the negotiations of lsoi for the adhesion of tho
Untied biates to tue Deo'.&ratiou of Fans or 1868 is
recited, to prove that the British and Frcacn gov
ernment expected the Issue or letters of marque
by the rebe.s. and tuat those governments in
tended to legalize such letters in the eyes oi law
and to countenunco the bearers or ilieui in the de
struction or the commerce or tbc United states.
The conduct or Great Brbaln In these matters n
contrasted wltb that or the United states in the
Trent atialr, and, finally, speeches or British states
men during tee war of the rebellion, including one
of Karl Kusseil as late as Oth June, 1864, are cited,
to snow the unfriendly am ram toward the govern*
mentol the Union. Lord V.estoury is quoted to
show that these various evidences or unirteiMUness
are pertinent 10 the case lor the cousiderat.ou of
tliu
The next head or the statement is an exposition
or the duties of a neutral l'ower as they are estab
lished by international law. These are deduced
irom a great variety oi authorities, such asihi
Queen's proclamation, the Foreign Enlistment acts
oi Great Britain and the United States, tne history
of both of which is investigated, including tne pro
ceedings of tho British ro.i a I commission appoint 1
In 1837, the recent act of Parliament in coaforniity
with its recommendations, and a judicial opiulou by
Sir Robert I'Utllmiore as late as 17th January, 1871.
Eminent authorities are cited to prove that interna
tional law is a part or the common law oi England.
A definition of neutrality naviug been deduced lr<ui
the authorities, the statement proceeds to review
the history of ihe several cases which have arisen
forihe application of these principles, notably the
)f l resident Washington in stooping .he
action of
Ulting out of privateers in behall ol cud French
In 1783 and 1794, and the discussions between tne
United Slates and Portugal iu lstfl una Hie. due
new rules introduced In the Treaty of Wash
ington aro next considered, and tne opinions of
emiueut European publicists are cited, ihe care or
the Satitissima Trinidad ts next considered, with a
view to snowing me phrase so oiteu clied irom
Judge Mory's opinion has been misunderstood, mat
tne case was not decided on tn.it point, ana that the
opinion of tne Court upon (he whole question Is only
to be obtained by taking together tne opinions in
the case of 'ho Santlsslma 'lnnidud and the Urand
Para, tue latter pronounced by Chief Justice Mar
shall, the two cases having been argued and con
sidered to.'other and the opinions pronounoe.l on
successive" days, it Is contended taut lucre is a
concurrence of the best English, American and
Continental opinion to ealAbllsn tne duties oi neu
trals under twelve points, staled as follows:?First,
that it is the duty of a neutral to preserve strict and
impartial neutrality as to both belligerents during
hostilities. Second, mat tuis obligation is mde
]>c:ident of municipal law. 'ihirl, that a neutral
is bound to enforce its municipal la ws and Its ex
ecuilvo proclamation, that a belligerent nas the
right to ask it to do so and to ask for legislation to
increase tue power of tne executive to this effect.
Fourm, that a neutral is bouuu to exercise due dil
igence to prevent the lilting out, arming or equip
ping, within Its jurisdiction, of any vessel
winch it has reasonable arc una to believe is in
tended to crulso or lo carrv on war against a Power
with winch it ts at pejee. Fifth, itiut a neutral is
bound to use due diligence to prevent ihe co isiroc
lion of such a vessel. Sixth, that a neutral is
bound to u?e like diligence to prevent the departure
from its jurisdiction ot auv vessel intended to ciuise
or carry on war against any Power with which it is
at peace, such vessel having been specially adapted,
In whole or lu part, within tts jurisdiction, to war* j
like use. Seventh, that a nemrai may not permit
or suffer either belligerent to make use oi its ports
or waters as tne case oi naval operations agaiust the
other. Eighth, that a neutral is bound to use I
due diligence in Us ports or watere, to pre
vent cither beiligereui. from obtaining mere a I
renewal or augmentation of military .supplies, or i
arms tor belligerent vessels, or ihe recruitment of I
men. .Ninth, that when a neutral falls to use all j
tue means in its power to prevent a breach oi neu
trality of its soil or waters, In any of the loregoiug
respects, the neutiul shoulu make coin pen-anon for
the injury resulting theretroiu. renin, that this ob- I
ligation Is iiot discharged or arrested by ihe change 1
of the offending vessel Into a puoile man-of-war. I
Eleventh, tnat tins obligation Is not discharged by I
a b aud men', attempt oi me unending vessel 10 1
evade ihe provisions of a local municipal law, I
'I welltli, that the o ence win uot t>e "deposited" so
as lo reiei.se the liability of the neuiral even by tne
entry ot Hie offending vessel in a port of tho bel- j
ligcreni and there becoming a man-of-war, l; any
part oi me original fraud continues to Uaug ubout
the vessel. I
The exposition or "Wherein Great Britain failed
to perforin its duties as a neutral," covers a vast I
variety of historical detail, noine oi me priuolpal
points are the loiiowing:?The pnvl
points are the loiiowing:?The pnvl ege oi breaking
bulk and transshipment was accorded to reocl ves
sel ut Nassau iu December, 1661. The United
(states ask tue tribunal to find that tins act, not
made necessary by distress, was a violation of the
duties of a neutral, ihe vessel* o: war of the
United State* were practically excluded irom the
haibor of Nassau, while it was open lor free ingress
una egress to venule of the insurgents purchased
or built and owned by the rebel ntuiionties, bring
ing their cotton to be transshipped m British
bottoms lo Liverpool au l taking ou board the car
goes oi arms una munitions of war which nac' been
despatched thither from Liverpool. Tins was no
British commerce winch had cxlste I before (he war
and which the neutral might cialui the right to
couiiuuo. It was to a large extent tile commerce
oi ilie rebel authorities, carried on lu their own
vessels und lor their own benefit?me export of
cotton irum the south on account ol the so-called
government or the confederacy, and tho return of I
military store* to lie used lor tlie purpose ol de
Btnmua the United States, a nation witn which
Greet Britain was at peace. At tne tu no tuno
the government of the United .States was pro
hibited from depositing coai at Nassau, except
ou the express condition that it should not be used
(or coaling Unltod Ntates men-of war during tho
contluuauce of hostilities; although (be Queen's
proclamation made uo men'Ion ol coat, and Lord
Gianvliio, iu writing to count Bornsiorff in
1870. says that coai Is not nocessarpy
to be regarded as contraband of war. The
diswings ol the Alabama were signed by the
Lairds, who bunt her, October u, lkfli. The Florida
was so nearly completed February 4. 1869, Ihat sue
was then coaling. When she s died she took a crew
of Of ur -two moo aud some guux and was ut every re
apwt a mra-or-war, except am her
not In place. It m cooctoslvely <Hio?b at
tiuu me might have btta flttod for batti* la twaot y
four boon altar leaving her dock la the Mersey.
The steamer Bahama preceded nor bye taw days,
with her armament, bat reached Nassau alter her.
Mb ertaaia oahon the attention oI Earl Roseau to
the character and destination ol the Florida, van.
ruaryta, and afaln March 29, 1882. The Alabama
was launched May 19, and made her trial trip Jane
12. Mr. Adams, on the 2M of June, invited Earl
Russell's attention to tbu vessel. An examination
was ordered. Tne evidence of the criminal char
acter of the vessel became so over whelming that
lier Majesty's government wae at length induced
to give an order for her detention, before the order
reached Liverpool she had escaped. She ran
down to Moelira uay, on the ooast of the Isle of
Anglesey, and mere took on board twenty or thirty
men from the tug Hercules, wnu the Knowledge of
the British officials at Liverpool, Mie then sailed
to the Azores, where the was met by the Agripptna
irom London ana the Bahama lrom Liverpool.
These vessels brought her officers. her armaments
and her coal. The transshipments were made,
and then the imtt.-h ensign was hauled down
aod the lusurgent dag hoisted. Reference
is also made to the sale of the Sumter at
Gibraltar: the contract for six more troo-clads
to be built in Groat Britain; tho hospitality
extended to the banner at Trinidad In August,
18iil; the reception of the Florida at Nassau in 1863;
the esses of the Georgia and Alexandra?In tne
latter the Judicial determination or the British
courts, in this connection it is meuuoned toat
contracts were made m the year 1882 lor the
construction at Glasgow ol a formidable
vessel, known as the Pampero, to cost over
three miUiuns sterling. This vessel was seized
at Glasgow for an allegod violation of the
Foreign enlistment act. On the trial, which
took piaoe in 186k it appeared that the bcotch
Courts were not disposed to lollow the English
Courts in their lax interpretation ot the Foreign
Enlistment acts, and the rebets abandoned the at
tempt to use the Pampero as a cruiser, had ceased
to contract for the construction or fitting oat of ves
sels In Scotland. The action of the Freuch govern
ment in preventing the execution in France of the
contract for tne construction of rebel men-of-war, of
which six wore contracted lor, U contrasted with
the benavlor of the British government Due notice
is taken of the tardy stoppage ot tho rebel rams,
and this part of the statement closes with a repeti
tion oi the position taken tu Mr. Fish's instructions
ol September 25, im
The next part or the statement contains a review
of the separate history ol each ol tue reoel cruisor?
against American commerce. It Is contended that
British territory was, daring the wbo.e struggle of
the rebels, the base ot their naval operations, Tno
first serious light had scarcely taken place before
the contracts were mode In Great Britain lor the
Aia?atn& and the Florida, The content wan nearl/
over when Waddetl received his orders In Liver
pool to sail thenoe In the Lanrcl in order to take
command of the Bheuandoah, and to visit the
Arctic Ooean on a hostile cruise. This port of tho
statement* trom tne nature of the case, scaf. ely
admits of abridgement, although it Is most import
ant and likeiy to be effective. Maav pages each are
Riven to the separate histories of tue rimnter, the
ashville, the Florida (originally the Oveto) and her
tenders, the Clarence, the Tacony and the Archer,
the Alabama (at drst called the 200) and her fender,
the Tuscaloosa, the Uncie Ben or Retribution, the
Georgia (formerly named the Virginia), the Tallahas
see or Olustee (originally the Atlanta), the Chlcka
mauga (originally Edith) and the dea Ring or Shen
andoah. Omotal documents establish beyond qnestlon
the most material facts in all these histories, much
that is Important being found la the intercepted
correspondence of the rebel authorities and ageuw:
while the published books describing tne royages of
pome ot tue most notorious of the cruisers Iurinsli,
wuen needed, the thread of connection. The state
ment proceeds to review In detail toe conduct ot the
other maritime Powers of the world In maintaining
a genuine neutrality, showing mat uownere except
in Great Britain did the rebels receive the assist
ance Which enabled them to protraot their
struggle against the power of the Union. The
ciaiuis stated uy the American Commissioners may
be classified as loliows:?First, the claims for direct
losses growiugontof tho destruction ol ves33is and
their oargoes b/ the Insurgent cruisers; second, the
national expenditures in tue pursuit ol these
cruisers, third, the loss iu the trausrsr of the Ameri
can commercial marine to the British flag: fourth,
the enhauedd payments of Insurance: H/tn, the pro
longation of tho war and the addition of a large
sum to the cost or the war and me suppression of
the rebellion. No summary la flgnres for the claims
under either of these heads ts presented In the
statement, but retereuce is male to such of
the papers presented in evidence as will
enable tho tribunal to arrive at a jnsf estimate. The
statement adds:?To tne amount thus shown
should be added interest upon the claims to the day
wiieu the award is payable by the terms of tho
treatr?namely, twelve months alter the date or the
award. The usual legal rate ot laterest in the city
of New York Is seven per cent oer annum. In some
of the States u is greater: in a few of taem less. The
United States make a claim for interest
at that rate. The. computation of Interest
should be made trom au average day to
be determined. The United Stares suggest the
1st day ol Juty, 1883, as the most equitable uay. Tue
statement sets forth tn conclusion the expedteuoy
of aa award by the tribunal of a gross sum to bo
paid by Groat Britain to tne Unrted States. Tite
statement itaelt ts contained in a prtntod volume of
500 pages, aud for tne greater convenience of the
arbitrators tt has been translated into Kronen, it
Is accompanied by seven printed volum e contain
ing the documents, official correspondence a:ut
otuer evidence on which tue Uuited States rely, the
right being referred iopresent iteroa'ior a dditional
documents, correspondence anl evidence.
mamillary of Amounts of Claims Filed for i
Knc'i Vessel.
N. B.?In fho summary or claims below etatM the
wuote amount ol tiio claims Hied lu UietJjuieDo
p&nuieat ou aud be. ore October 25, IS71. lor i.,io
tiamage doao to each particular vessel uu I its canto
U lucluJed.
BY THE ALABAMA.
Alert.... $i.f2,746 41 Lafayette (if $31,944 00
Aitamaba 48,(LU (50 Lamplighter 47,.>(iil 00
Amanda 69.853 (it Lauretta 27,95.) iai
AJifUOUtari. I48,'.U4 Si Levi blarbilcit a3<i,8;2 jtl
Anita F. Bchmld:.. 271,890 72 Louise flitch SV:< o W
10-344 65 Manchester 143,30> 94
llarou .e Ctuitue.. 1,600 00 Martaban 52 t-'a
Benjamin Tucker.. 179,316 Morning .Star 7 744 (it)
Brilliant... 143,247 83 Bora t&CCu on
Cb it'les Bill 46.976X1 Nye 104 Ai 0(1
Lbastejalne 11.370 65 Ocean Rover.... 108,043 u]
Conrad 84,241 00 Ocmulgee 4ln."5o uo
Content 42,336 07 UliveJauo 60,839 63
CO trier 1:,434 63 Palmetto 44,833 31
Crenshaw.. 27,474 49 Parker Cook. .6,034 63
J'or-;" Prince 59,314 30 Rockingham 216,965 65
Dunkirk.... 39,68; 24 Sea BrIJe 143313 13
Lluba Dunbar 160,3*4 36 Sea L?rk 342,917 27
hrn na Jane........ 95,567 34 S. Uilderaieeve..... 35,006 09
78,108 76 Sonora 89,044 44
(JdlJen Bat 113,642 60 Starlight 6,520 no
U ilden Rule S2,:#3 47 Taliiman 187,405 00
Highlander 181.174 00 Tiiomia B. Wales.. 221,893 24
Jju?t Snow 14)."03 (4) Tycoon 424 sis ni
Jo.m A. Parks..... 123,61: 50 Union Jack....'/.'. 181.613 70
Juiiina 7,00!) 00 Vifglula 18,",600 ut
?(al052r' WarV;resl 53-7*l I
Kin* isher 31.9.2 17 Weather Hangs.... 11.545 64
Laisyetie 113,290 42 Winded Racer 341,143 34 1
T01*1 $3p>a7,?JJ 53
BY THE boston.
Texsna $40o 0J 1
I BY TUK CUICKAMAUOA. I
Emma L. Ilali.... $24,921 00 .Snouting Star $09,363 85
M. L. Potter 9,750 00
Toul 35
BY THE i'i.OKlDA.
AMebaran $24,658 8 5 Jacob Bell 5866,146 16 I
Anglo-Saxon....... 44,710 79 Lapwing 76,tr.O 00
Avon...... 243,ii,l 40 K.J. c'olcord 10o,4;b 21
B, K. Hoxle P-'.UU) 00 Mondamij 21 959 11
Clarenoo I9,4t,l) 00 Oneida 463 834 61
C immoti wealth.... 333.509 '.'3 R.-d Uauntlet 137.774 94
C'oirli Ann 1,90,1 00 Kieni) i 437i)0
Crown Point 352,940 64 Southern Cross..,. 65jt?u cu
El clrlc Spark 356,.?W 40 Star o:' IVa"C 410, ,34 81)
Kstebe 4,t*.1) 00 Win. U. bash 30319 76
ll-tneial Berry 815 34 Win. C. Ciark 5.00JII0
(Jsorgi Lailtuer... 28,3)0 00 Win itrard 3,963 0U
Oolconda.... lot,301 37 Zelmtia 38 000 00
Oreentand 13,726 w) M?ry Alvlua (be
Harriet Stevens... 10,60) uO the Clarence) 14,220 00
Heortelta 84>08 94 /..aw,
BY TUB tat'ONY (A TENDER OF THE FLORIDA.)
Ala. $5,600 00 Marengo i7,2>6 (X) I
Byxantlum 2.-4s 0) Ktifua Choate 8.826 00
fcllza jelh Ann 8,100 00 Umpire 3 450 00 1
booJspccd "6,493 30 Wanderer 7^j on j
T"'*1
BY THE OEORQIA.
Bold Hunter .973,021 no Ueor?e tlrlawuld.. $30 000 0) I
Conatitiitiun 60,'00 00 Uuod Hope 100.7-1 6b
Hlclatir liin,670 tie 1
rjlal 60
BY TUK NASHVILLE.
Harvey Birch $69435 70
BY THE RETRIBUTION.
Etnl.y Flaher *13,.04 52 Hauuver $|,.;30 00
'roUl *20,634 64
BY THE SAM.IE.
Belay Ames $5 M0 0J
BY TUB ,-UKNANlloAU.
Abljall $444,888 2(1 tlillmin $153,178 75
Alma 83,817 48 Isaac llowland.... 319,944 00
Aiml.-a 31,400 00 Isabolla 207,437 U0
Auitr.tlla 24,50)00 J.smrt Maurv 7'j 081 44
Brunswick. 123,484 50 Jireh Swift 246,880 76
Catherine 201,8x9 11 Llrale M. Sucer... 44,257 60
C harier Oak 3 ,88 56 Martha 0U3.353 J3
184,002 00 5111b 144,048 jt)
C bviagiun 127,031 4J Nile 02 914 96
Delpbtne 93.HX) 00 Nasaan 241,674 60 I
D. Uudl'rty 70,0-8 00 Nlrnrod 275 919 ?7
t'lwarrl 2C9.38 1 00 Pearl O.'.'DO i,(| 1
Edward Carey luO.iiW 70 Rlonmond 61,009 o?
Kupbiates 170,Oil ad Sophia ihorntun.. 1.48,654 31
Eurona 35,195 00 Splen lid 31,400 00
Favorite 249,"58 44 Susan 14. >09 09
Uenora! Pike 76,181 73 Susan Abigail 227,848 37
Oeneral Williams.. 376.944 75 Wnv-eley 428,51.1 2j i
CJIoaey 164,139 75 Willi mi'rbompsun i.9(),8?i 75
Iitotor 402.9.1 80 Willlain C. .Nye.... 305,217 50 I
Total $8,483,320 61 j
BY TriR ,11'SlThR. I
Daniel Trowbridge $7.046 83 Joseph Parka $500 00
1 01.1 Dolge 2,4*0 10
Total *lo,695 88
BY THE TA I.I, All A3 41', R.
Adriatic ,.$197,740 8i James LlitieHeld.. $3, HI ,81
A. J. Bird 44.7919 Oil 1 amont Do PuBt.. i;.iu ml
Aioole 7n. I lid Oil North America B.iOj O0
Atlantic iO.OUO K tan, uiaount not
Kmpresa Theresa.. So,'XX) 00 slaved
Uleoarvba 114,0.8) on Spokane 8,5(Xi 02
H iward 13,0 0 i0 T. D Warner.,.... '45,WO 1,0
Jusntli Acliorn... 7 5011 (X) Vapor l'J,:to.i 6f
James F'unok 24,000 00 Wi.Laiu Bell. 24,(,u(l 00
Total $57.1 J)65 56
.Mutniuary of claims Ml il lor I.oasea by thi<
kevt rnl rulsors,
Bv the Alabama.*8,647,09 '81 By the Ketrlnu
Hv Hie Boston... 400 00 lion 90,XII 52
Bv the Cblcka- By tos Shenan
mauga 95,854 86 doah 8,488,20 31
By the t lorlda... 8.fMNi.ii09 84 By the Homier,.. l./,'i'25 U
By ihi Oeorg a 384,978 6u Bv tin Tallabas
By 1 he Noshvlile. 69,.>40 7) see 67:1.95,1 51
By the BaUte 6,549 99
Total $17,WW,o.i? 46
For loaaea from increaaeJ war premium* 1,129,796 16
brand fl9.?4U* W
I*
THE VICTORIES OF FEAG&
Meeting Last Bight at the Cooper Iaatttate M
Glorify the Washington Treaty-The Ameri.
eaa Peaoe Society Appeal to the World
to Abandon War and Adopt Arbtlra
tion?Addreaeea by Bev. J. B.
hi ilea and Blihn Burrltt
A very small aadlence gathered ia? Avanlna,
the nail or the Cooper Institute, in reapo^??? aa
appeal of the Boston American Peaoe Booletr t*
aet before the pnbUo "the importance o( the WaJu
ington Treaty, that has provided for a High oo.i?
of Arbitration, not only for a pacific and honorable
settlement of all pendlug difficulties between the
United States and ureat Britain, bnt aa a preoe
aeut for tne Battlement of all aerions controvetalee
between nation*, and to impreaa on thepnbuo mind
tho beating of this illustrious transaction on the
well-being of mankind."
The chair waa taken by Chancellor Crosby who
briefly Introduced the speakers 01 the evening who
were the Rev. J. B. Miles and KUhu Burrttt. There
were also on the platform Mr. Vf. o. Bryant. Mr
Packard and Dr. Prima.
Kev. j. b. Milks said that the objeot
of this meeting waa to oelebrate a vic
tory of peace; he meant the great Wash
ington Treaty recently entered Into between Great
Britain and the United States. This treaty was
luce a rock upon the boaeh, showing that the great
foicea of civilization had been making program
i his U not the first tuno this prinolple i>mi bees
recognized. In the eariy Christian days It bad beta
acknowledged, in 1858, in France, this great prfe.
cH>ie had been practloally shown. Mr. Glad
stone, the Premier of Eugiand, then said
that was a noble triumph of clvliizaUoa
But that statesman was determined *2}
a noble and a boiler triumph in this
Washington Treaty. The two moat powerful na
tions on the face of the earth, instead of going to
war, referred their differences to eminent men*
(Cheers.) lhat was the grandest triumph in the
history of the world, in oonirast with the course
Franoe aud Germany pursued, this great event
seemed to show to us that wo ought to ftu down
and glorify peaoe. An eminent man in Massachu
setts haa said that this Euglish language-^
this speech of the Anglo-Saxon race?is only to
fe.KKU&SS'ft JB.1?
and if that is so the world is to be cenainlvat neiuZ
T&e e?rect of this treaty win bi re prev/ntTw
between the two great christian countries ot Knu
l?u??.ana America. (Cheers.) The objects of thu
society would not be considerea to be niooiaw
L^?Bllia of tl,o pubhc would but coo-N
f^F..Do a,naj!H?ff progress of the age, ana what
'.I1"*11 was I've hi tne present. Tho
onua-o li'i I?at he was m correspondence with
members of Parliament in England, all of
w!'9.4f 79re greatly in symoatiiir for peace. -Forir
JuilLoai oi peop.e la England, forty millions of
ln A?erl,ca ?vero waiting m inteu.se sileuoe
for tne result of the deliberations or those wise
b"^} who were outing ln tne Geneva Conference. Tho
concluded with a glowing peroration on
the glories or peace.
Buiro BUrkitt was next Introduced by the Chair,
man as the great speaker la the cans# of peaoe.
Mr. Bui ritt said it was tho spirit mat got this
treaty that constitutes its virtue and benent to
mankind. It recognized this ract, that nothing
wrong is settled; that We Dany that gets an adL
vantage which over-reaohesTU- blue? shall r&d BO
an vantage therefrom. Now, the spirit that glvaT
i?^liaild,,ri?"Kt0 lreat'r fos the princlpio
rib at recognized the golden rule of the Gospel. It
'bat there were concessions to nmv*,
'l fb-1' ban paryes might bo satisfied wltnthe
imperial justicd of its provisions. This treaty is
distinguished by the fairness of us provisions, and
has uo parallel In aay previous treaty, for it makes
a now departure for the settlement of grievances
between tho two narions. lie uover heard or read
au n sublime sentiments as those altered in this
cry by blr Sudord Northcote. This treaty upiuta
and enthrones law, ror It makes right tho great
requirement. Law is right ill action. Tie law.
therefore, is the arm of the Almighty In the world.
This treaty is the arst stop towards that mtefftF
tlonal tribunal which shall do the same for all iha
btatosand nat.ons ln the world. Then, and not
cini?*bail law sit upou its highest throne be*.,.
rirf iii?bar of luanite ju3tlce. This treaty, thered^"
augurared an era of law and jnsride which no
?word totild intimidate or gold corrupt. He wished
I 'bat ",?r9 were on the platform a lew> Englishmen
to represent the great aud venerates Anglo-Saxon
mo'her of our own couutry. Who would say these
the two greatest natfofis pf me earth, hadW ts$
treaty iejected ail ihq osrbansiTi of Mar? Can the
stupendous fanaticism of the armed Deuce system
go or. and on while mis great treaty is writ!'fi Iff
L r? of ,l?!,tf y*n 'bese civilized Powers go oa
crushing the lives of their people out fee
the purpose of settling their differenced
io .eau thein away from this destructive course
into a glorious new departure was the grand obieci
'.r,e,a'& ":e gieat Powers could bo induced
to iiiiio rliis first step in tins "ucw departure" tbev
would go on into greater uud noblerffihm. For
this war system, tills foe of God and man, pursues
poor, patient labor through every lane and never
:r??, 11,0 tr-,ck- f!te anauM war tax o}
iMr Tiiia w,. merlca waa $2,?oo,009,000 pet
ga7tr;%Va.r?'8OPS
C?^.' Is'1 There*anv SSWKS 'SSSc 2
crying out lor "help?" No holp could bo
'b?^ except oy the lifting rroiii their neckf the
^enjoao or theso bloated armainonts. The work
laymen throughout the civilized wor,d are bozin.
niug 10 see tills. They are beginning to snaka lunula
as one universal brotherhood" They are i?eV. n.2S
Oue0l orUt!h?alIflUai1 Pai;!la,neilts in c'e,Ural Europe?
ylie of tilO drat plAU&l IQ t^lAir nlarrnrm
Is to organizo a movement aga.nst war m avwrv
?lupe. vet this oiganlcauon to fnThmniLr S
crowned hoads and governments of Europe which
were completely powerless to break u down Had
"dot been for this war systom the worm wnniw
?.?a?? beard of tbese "internationals." This,
too, was a woman s question, m ono o- the nnrtiM
l'PP? Mdis, in tDo course of ono lioar four immirAd
Widows were made, and more than a lhSS22d
ciiiidrea were made half orphans, if
one doubted it let hiin go to i-ra?2
ana Germany and ask the widows
orphans of those unhappy creatures. Let Chrtst'e
the van in the new and glorious Gos
pGi, let Ills spirit be soeu by all eyes desoendiew
man. raUou ?r tUa world?the parliament of
Rev. Dr. Piiimb moved resolutions, which wem
unanimously a.iopied, expressing a hops that 22
negottatloiis lor me 'Vashtngtou TreatviiJffit
precedent by which all future national different
tuny be adjusted and the universal reign of ncaca
n?iMr2s'<a un "Iat tho present differences in refer
1??'? -Spain ma v bo adjustod in like manner
Tho meeting then adjourned.
Tli/U iliJRa' ASSOC JlXIO.f.
Adurcaa l*jr Mr. Ilcnry Kiddle.
Yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock, the hall of
the Young Men's Christian Association was
well filled with a very interesting audionoe?
the publlo "school teachers of New Yore
cllv. The occasion tvas the rcceptlou of
the Public Sciiool Teachers' Association
The President of the association is Mr. Uaggcrty, of
No. 2; the Vioe President, Miss Mary thrums, of
No. M, and the Executive Committee is composed
or the oitlcors and two teachors lroiu each ward la
the city.
The exercises opened with an organ voluntary by
Professor Charles B. Schuyler. This was followed
by a sons finely rendered by Miss C. V. Walsh.
01 No. 8. After the reading of a poem by Browning
by Professor thanes Roberts and music ou the vio
lin and piano by J. suiter? and Professor E. Kbor
hurd, the City superintendent made an address.
lie salu that it was not claimed for me present
system of puollc schools that it was periect, and ho
then went on to point out ilie many imperfections
w.iicli arise rrom the Injndiciou-i use oi text books.
To the teachers he would attribute the lauit when
the text books wero inferior, and on this
point the influence of the Teachers' Association
ought to be lelt. There was not enough judgment
used in tuu selection oi text books, and a result of
this was that youths left our schools without know
ing how to choose their rending. Books should on
so used us to increase and not extinguish mental
activity. In the present method the book was
everything. Tne child should feel that ne
Sot his knowledge irom his teacher. Olill
ren should be made to loel that mere was no
sacred autUortiy iu books. Thuy should ice: that
Hie author was human and a proper subject for
criticism, lu spelling there was mucn injudicious
use or books. 1 he pupils should be inado to under
stand the words, and this waut now was an
abhorrent abuse. Tney should be taught to
observe facts?to got a stock oi words and then they
should be given the simple dellnUlons. Tiie object
ive method was now getting to be used, unci the
wonder was that any oilier process was over used.
In mental arithmetic questions iiom the teachers
were octter than those loumi in books, (living
lessons in mcutal iirliluuouc to be learned at home
was an abuse of text books, in analysis the pupU
siiouid use ins own words. An abuse of text
books lu geography was mat pupils should bo uskod
to commit to memory the descriptive psruc The
teacher should discriminate in nlstory wiiat the
pupil should learn. Instruction directly irom the
teacour a as, without doubt, tar more eiloouvo luaa
any oilier.
ilie address wan followed by a song by Mm
Walsh, a reading by Proiusaor Roberta, aud muata
ou violiu end Piano by Messrs. TUltery aud Eber
liard.
Jsmos \V. Gerard, Commissioners Wood and Ve*
Vorai, I'rotossor bciilugci and inenr others
Mtted iu Uto association wort ummm