D AILY PRESS. I
PORTLAND. I
MONDAY, OCTOBER lfi, 1871.
Me Presidential Neminnlieu by Bono
crate.
S macioU9 Democrats, pereeivinc that in
Josi ug the October elections they have lost e\"
erytliing, abandon the idea oi nominating a
can ddate lor the Presidency. Their policy is
to induce the Conservative wing of the Re
pUi.l'caD party to make an indepencent uom
toi' ion in opposition to Grant, they hope
to ihis way to obtain all that would come to
Shan from a triumph ot their own party,
n’ly sacrificing their pride by an abandon
kr nt of the party name. The plan is not a
to I one. Theoretically, indeed, it is perfect.
But tfipre is likely to be some little friction
Be si-loped in carrying it out. For instance,
the movement depends for its success or willi
fii awing from the support of the regular Re
publican party enough conservative members
U constitute a majority when united with the
D.'uroeiats. Can they he withdrawn? Is
ti de anything in the past history of the
American people that authorizes us to sup
pose that they are so unintelligent as not to
p Tcoive Instantly that this would be a Demo
Ciatic movement, in everything but name,
Bi d that its tiinmph would be a Democratic
ti iiiniph Some man, like Gov. Brown of
hi issouri, supported by Carl Schurz, and pos- I
•ibly by Senator Trumbull and other conser
vative Republicans, would be nominal leaders
In (he enterprise. But it would be initiated
by Democrats, supported by Democrats, and.
11 at all, made a triumph by Democrats. In
•f'ii ed aud carried through by the opponents
•t the Republican party the scheme, if suc
•essiul, would place the government in the
hands of those whose genius hit upon the
lucky plan and whose adroitness and courage
w ide triumph possible. The Democracy
would he restored to power with Brown or
Trumbull or Adams admitted to a partner
in me iui luuaio apccuiauuu.
The utter aud irremediable failure of tbe
•“new departure” scheme ought to have
taught the Democracy the futility of a change
of uatne or a nomiua! change of prncipics
that is not accompanied by the corresponding
thing. Of what avail was the ostentatious
acceptance ol the Constitutional amendments,
vvheu the Notheru Bouibons were repudiat
ing in private conversation and even ia local
caucuses what they had solemnly affirmed in
Conventions, and while the more practical
houtberu Bourbons were rapidly reducing the
Republican vote in their viciuity by systemat
ic assassinations? Of what avail will it be
lor these aitful persons to call themselves Re
publicans, aud induce B. Gratz Brown or Sen
utor Trumbuil or Charles Francis Adams to
accept their votes lor President, so long as
they cherish their old heresies more or less
openly and continue their old bad practices
'We predict with great confidence that the
failure of Vallandigbaiu’s ingenious patent
this year will seem comparatively a success
after tue abject and pitiful breakdown oi this
“newest departure” next year.
A volume is now iu course of preparation
containing what each American poet consid
ers his best verses. The idea is a happy one.
Ills well-known that Milton always contend
ed that "Paradise Regained” is superio” to
“PaiaUise Dost” and that Goethe preferred
the second poet of ‘Taust” which nobody
leads. If ail poets are as erratic in judging
the relative merit of their own works the
book w ill be a curious one.
ft-wli local Notes
Iovra gave more than loity thousand Ke
publican majority last Tuesday. Tbe Maine
btanuai d attributes tjiis success to the use of
‘corruption money.” The iuud must indeed
.be large.
The Bangor Democrat exults with intense
enthusiasm over the tact that the late New
York Democratic convention ignored the new
depat tare. The Democrat attributes al i the
late reverses ot the party to that attempted
departure, and quotes Snakspeare’s allusion
to the “glorious sun of York.”
It is rumored that Thomas Murphy is about
to leavq voluntarily the positiou ot collector
of customs iu New York. For the credit of
the Republican party we hope the rumor is
true.
Letter from Chicago.
GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION OF THE DESOLATION.
Lake Fobkst, Oct. 9,1871.
To the Editor qf the Press:
You have learned ere Ibis that Chicago is iu
ruins. Tbe proud city that closed ber temples
of worship last evening and bad gone to rest,
boasting cf tbe morrow’s scheme? of business
and pleasure, is silting to-nigbt iu sackcloth
and ashes, with tbe lurid glow of tbe still un
exiinguisbed fires flaming high aud far, upon
tbe evening sky, distinctly seen at tbe distance
ol my writing, nearly thirty miles aw_y.
I have just returned from the sesue of tbe I
fiery carnival. No pen—no canvas—can give
you an adiquate idea of tbe vast desolation.
Tbe scenes of tbe Portland fire, six years ago,
Were a min'atnre ot this. Multiply that twen
ty told, and you may torru some idea of its
ieariulnees; the majesty of its sweep, the com
pleteness of its destruction, its resulting deso
lations, its distresses experienced, its crushing
oi business enierprise, and tbe reign of terror,
murder and robbery inaugurated iu a day.
Tbe telegraph will have filied jour columns
wiib its terrible details, before this can reach
you. Your readers will have learned that tbe
elegaut Court Bouse, county aud city build
ings, the Postcfflce and United States Court
rooms, all the hotels, all tbe printing bouses,
all tLe banks, most of the churches, all ot tbe
leading warehouses, elevators, theatres ana
museums, besides hundreds ot magnificent
private residences with their sumptuous fur
nishings, have goue down, or are now falling
before the vengeful flames.
Tbe drought which bas prevailed so long in
this region, had prepared tbe city lor this
“short, sharp and decisive’’.work of tbe fire
king, so that even the solid buiidings of this
best part ot tbe city, many of .tbem regarded as
flre-Droof. melted before the furnace heat, like
boar-frost in the sun.
The clouds gathered this afternoon with the
promise of heavy raiu. Only a few drops
fell,as if iu mockery of our prayers. The heated
atmosphere penetrated and scattered the
clouds and our hopes together. Should the
wind chauge its direction, and "blow from the
Lake, “West side” will be swept away with the
■ame destruction.
Some of the outside aspects of this scene, as
witnessed Irom the railway train, were sad
enough, with small touches of the ludicrous to
xelieve. On all the highways diverging from
the city, country ward, were streams of the es
caping populace, “some with rags and some
with bags”—some ip rarraiges and some on
foot. Every sort of vehicle was pressed into
the service, and every sort of load piled upon
the teams. In the haste of departure, most of
the drivers had evidently not stopped to select
their most valuable goods, and some wagoDs
were sadly empiy,considering how much service
they might have rendered. On the open Helds
Out of the city, were piled immense masses ot
furniture, bedding and whatnot, and with each
ma-B the poor owners; who sat disconsolate be
side these rescued remnants ol their,house keep
ing treasures;aud iu tbeirweiriness and stupor
are doubtless, many of them, sitting now, un
der this night’s fearful canopy, no light of
moon or stars looks down upon their cheerless
bivouac in tQfe fields;—overhung with clouds i
Sr smoke and flame.
All the outward bonud trains were crowded
with citizens flying to the country for a shel-
ter, and the inward bound with people of every j
description, auxious to get a glimpse of the 1
terrific conflagration.
While I write the wind is again rising and
no rain falls.
God have mercy upon the sufferers.
__E_ P. W.
Death of an Ugly Elephant. The
“Great Mogul” elephant died on Wednesday
a little below Derby, Conn. He was 52 years
old, aDd the poundings, burnings and shoot- 1
ings wnich be had been obliged to endure of 1
late bad convinced him that he was a conun
dram, ao ha laid down and gave it up. j
Commodore VANDERBtLT, who is worth teu
or twenty million dollars, is censured with j
great severity by some of the New York pa- 1
per* because he gives nothing for the relief of 0
the Chicago sufferers. He is as bad as Queen
Victoria._
Brick and Iron alone are to be used in re- l
building the hotels, store* and public buildiuas r
In Chicago. The Sherman House i# to be rc-
stored to more than its former splendor, it be
ing proposed to make it second to no hotel in
the country.
All the cities and villages of California are ti
JibcraUy raising funds for Chicago. t(
The fkilualioti iu Chicngo.
The World's despatch ol Saturday states tlia^
be scenes of sufferings and want uiet in a tour
if the city beggars description. Burned bod
es are seen, and at the Coroner’s offices are
■ousted bodies of meD, women and children,
inrecognized atd uuknown, piled one upon
.lie other and awaiting recognition. There is
lot the faintest clue to auy one of the bodies
;liat will lead their frieuds to positively know
yho they are and so they must be buried. The
:ity papers that have been resuscitated Irani
he ashes report as many as two hundred bod
es recovered from the fire. Unless it is known
Jositively who perished in the fire, it will be
mpossihle to determine from recognition.—
rhere are seventy bodies reported in the barn
at the city undertaker on Hubbard street.
The arrival of troops is hailed with general
satisfaction and to-uight the burned districts
are lull of them, some ou guard, squads march
ing to aud iro and orderlies galloping from
point to point. Mayor Masou turned over«he
city to General Sheridan this moruiDg and we
are to all intents and purposes under martial
law. DuriDg the night shots were frequently
beaid indicating the summary execution of
thieves and incendiaries. Roughs wifi fiud it
to their personal safety if they will give Chica
go a very wide berth at present. The citizens
are hitter against Ihese harpies and suspicion
IS equal to a death wanaut. Incendiaries par
ieuiarly meet with swift retribution. Th s al
teruoon some women delected a youqg man
about 23 years old iu the act ot firing a house
ou the west side, and a party ol men took him
ui the nearest teiegraph pole and hung him
with a telegraph wire. On State street this
evening, when au alarm ol fire was giv- u, two
firemen rushed to the house, No. 4fi8, and
emerged with a woman whom they caught set
tiug fire to a strayy bed tick. It was iust as
much as they could do to save her from the
vengeance ot the infuriated crowd.
The people who fled to Lincoln Park are But
tering terribly. From 50.U00 the number has
swelled to 75,000. Those who were in the va
cant lots near Division street have gone up to
il e Park and the scene now presented is be
yond the power ot words to describe. Every
one is demoralized. Hundreds are lying on
pallets of straw, having beeu hastily aroused
from sick beds to save their lives. How many
perished iu the vain attempt to save them
selves will probably never be known. There
have beeu five deaths and eight births iu Lin
coln Park in iwentv-four hours. Families who
were lormerly iu coinionable circumstances
I_Ia... 1 _ i._rpi..
w hole city is absolutely mad with grief and
despair.
Notniunlions by the Governor.
The following nominations were made by the
Governor under date of October 12tb:
State—Rev. F. F. Ford, Lewiston; Rev. C.
A. Stone, Brewer: Rev. Henry T. Arnold, Ly
ojan; Rev. Denis Bradley, Portland: Rev. Jos.
W. Turner, Princeton; Rev. John M. Perkins.
Bethel: Rev. A. N. Jones, Jackson; Rev. Al
nhonso L. Houghton, Weld, to solemnize mar
riages.
androscoggin—John B. Jordan, Auburn,
Not. Pub.
Aroostook—Wm. B. Robinson, Houlton,
Trial Justice.
Cumberland—E. N. Tukesbury, Portland,
J. P. Q Lawrence J. Joyce, Brunswick, ao.;
Wm. K. Neal, Portland, Dedimus Postatein;
Henry P. White, Portland, J. P. Q.
Hancock—Henry F. Barker, Waltham, J.
P. Q James Leach, Penobscot, do.; Isaac
Fairoroiber, Orland, Trial Justice; Benjamin
F Furguson, Deer Isle, do.
Kennebec —Cbas. H. Robinson, Litchfield,
J. P. Q Ailert M. Bradley* Yassalboro’, do.;
Geo. F. Adams, Gardiner, Not. Pub.; Joseph
Adams, Gardiner, do.; Henry W. Golder, Bel
grade, J. P. Q.
Knox—Jonathan W. Crooker, Rockland,
Not. Pub.; Jonathan W. Crocker. Rockland,
J. P Q.
Oxford—Freeland Howe, Norway, J. P. Q.
Penobscot—Wm. M. Davis, Bangor, J P.Q.
Samuel Jewett. Bangor, do.; Michael Keel,
Lir?coin, Trial Justice; Ansel Lennal, Bangor,
Not. Pub.
Somerset—Cephas A. Farwell, Pittsfield,
J. P. Q Benj Adams, Anson, do.
Waldo—Frederick A. Dickey, Northport,
J. P. Q.; Caleb Whitaker, Searsmout, do.;
Wm* A. Pendleton, Northport, do.; Joe. Wil
liams, Belfast, do.; Elisha Chick, Wintcrport,
Tiial Justice.
Washington—Eliphalet A. Webster, East
port, J. P. Q.
York—Abner Oaks, Sr. Berwick, Trial Jus
tice; Ivory Libby, Lebanon, do.; Samuel F,
Chase, Saco,J. P. Q Daniel C. Pike, Cornish,
lo.
lie U1H.
Gen. Wade Hampton is said to suffering sc
severely from nervous prostration that his lile
is despaired of but he still continues to lecture
on the life of Gen. R. E. Lee.
Gen. John L. Swift is announced to lecture
this season, his subject being ‘‘Twice Told
Tales.” The lecture promised to*be a compi
lation of the incidents gathered in active po
litical life of twenty years, uever before made
public by speech or publication.
The Republican majority in Newark, N. J.,
at the municipal election was 1200—a large
gain.
The father of John B. Gough died In London
last month at the age of ninty-four.
Hartford insurance companies lose $11,000,
000 bj the Chicago fire, all of which are able tc
it 11 utiuouJo *u„„,
Office-boidiDg is not a sate business down in
Texas. An Inspector of Customs was killed
there the other day because he had seized 200
mules that had been smuggled from Mex>co.
Private advices from Chicago state that the
fire was stopped on the south side l>y tbe decis
ive action of General Sheridan in blowing up
buildings on Wabash Avenue near Congress
street.
Woman.”
William Voeltz, a private of tbe 10th Wis
consin,has written a note to tbe U. S. Pension
Agent, requesting that bis name ae be drop
ped from the rolls, as his injury has improved
so that he can earn bis own living and he
don’t want to longer burden tbe government.
Gossip fixes this as about tbe time that “tbe
popular and able Secretary of tbe Navy” will
lead the beautiful and accamplisbed Miss Au
lick to the matrimonial altar” for which Robe
son is esteemed a lucky fellow.
Damage to the Railroads.—The Lewis
ton Journal saysoothe Lewiston division of
the Maine Central there is a fearful “sink” of
tbe track tor nearly 800 feet at tbe Meadow,this
side of Greene depot—the point where so much
d'ffieu.ty was experienced when tbe road was
built. There is also a bad break just beyond
Greene depot, said to be 300 feet loug and sev
eral feet deep. Eighty feet of trestle work fif
teen feet high have been ordered. There is a
faint bo| e that tbe trains will be able to pass
to Walerville Saturday afternoon by carrying
around tbe long break. No train has passed
over tbe road from this place to Waterville
since Wednesday.
Tbe Androscoggin seems also to have suffer
ed severely. The protection wall by the An
droscoggin Mill was uudermined so as to cave
in, damaging tbe road considerably. At Crow
ley’s two bridges were carried ofl, and tbe
bridge across tbe Little River at Lisbon, was
also carried off. At Sabattis a washout oc
curred, and two bridges are said to have been
carried ofl between there and Livermore Falls.
No train has passed over this road since
Tbureday morning, but it is expected the road
will be repaired so as to have trains pass on
Ssturday.
Shocking Suicide of an Old Woman.—Od
Wednesday, Mrs. Parish, residing in St. Louis,
committed suicide by cutting out her bowels,
and severing them after they were out. This
was doue with an old dull butcher kuife. She
was in her ninetieth year, and considering
there can be no cause assigned for the dretdfui
act but the oppression ot old age, it is certainly
a very remarkable case.
New Hampshire Items.—The Portsmouth,
Great Falls and Conway Railroad is now com
pleted to West Ossipee.
The shoe factories of Farmington manufac
tured and shipped during the month of Sep
tember, 117,148 pairs of shoej; of which 49,000
were manufactured in the shops of A. Nute
and E. F. Jones.
s»«.a.t.e INevvrs.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNT!.
The aggregate deposits in Aubuan Savings
Bank are now about 8800.000 A year ago the
Iggregate was about 8450,000, say's the Jour
aal.
1>. H. Brown of Center Minot, has recently
ost eight valuable sheep by dogs; and one rea
on why no more were killed was that he had
10 more sheep, says the Lewiston Journal.
The Lewiston Journal says at the late term
f the Supreme Court at Auburn, in addition
three sentences lor three months each to the
lounty Jail, fiues of 81575 were imposed and
>aid into the County Treasuiy, for selling in
carnating liquors in violation of law. Several
>arties who were indicted have lelt ihecity.
muco this laid on the liquor dealers ol Lewis
?oi'.i„ <Jur cou,uty authorities,aided byCon
evcral e’stjT’ n 013,1 and olller8 of Lewiston,
ip here? b hmenls lhls kind have closed
;ate,’sldpmenrotb?hce°sUrr01mthai tke a^re:
.ewistou Stationsthe past W^ek ^b,,rn ,a"d
033 cases to 1043 cases’the Ceding" week’
he reee. pts ot leather were 60 270 lbs p, Id 130
bs. lor the preceding week. IlusnessContinues
ctive and prosperous. uuui-ues
Mr. 8. P. Littlefield has just completed a
ery large and substantial brick hotel at Lis
on Falls. It is to be opened by a su|iper and
ance Tuesday evening.
John Allen was severely injured by the fail
ig ot an elevator in the Lewiston Bleacher*
‘riday afternoon. Ho had a bad scalp wonuo 1
11 the back of his head, and the muscles of the
rm and leg were injured.
CUMBERLAND COUNT!.
The saw mill owned by Merritt Bros in Nn
owoal, was entirely swept away by the IreJi.
t. Many bridges in the Vicinity are also re'
orted destroyed. It is said to be the beavie?t 1
eshet that has occurred here for many years 1
HANCOCK COUNTY. a
A meeting of the subscribers to ihe
ock of the Penobscott Uniot River I?'*? r
,ad was held it, Bucksport Wed^sdayt'd
16 following gentlemen were chosen Direc- J
rs; Richard P. Buck, Joseph L. Buck. Joai,
W. Palmer, Daniel Sargent, 2:1, Sewall B.
Swazey, Frederick Spefibrd and N T. Hill.
Resolutions were passed authorizing the Di
rectors to issue six per cent. First Mortgage
Bonds not exceeding $20,000 per mile, princi
pal and interest payable in gold.
Mr. Nathaniel .Jordan of Ellsworth, has bur
ied over 1000 persons, and has dug over 1100
g*aves himself, since he has been Sextou of
that town.
Steamer Argo, which has run this summer
between Belfast and Ellsworth, run ashore
Saturday night on Horton’s Rucks, but was
got oft without injuring her. Ou Monday
Capt. Kissarn withdrew her from the route,
but talks of returning with a larger and better
boat next spring to run in tween Ellsworth and
Bangor.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
Mary, the little daughter ot Mr. William
Dingley, aged six years, was drowned in the
Kennebec river ?t Hallowed, Friday. The
body of the child was discovered floating near
the shore, a short distance above Mr. Dingley’s
house. The body must have been in the water
for an hour.
The meeting in Gardiner last Wednesday for
the purpose of discussing the matter ot grant
ing aid to parties who wish to Btart a shoe fac
tory theie.was not .-o fully attended as it should
have been, ouly about oue hundred being pres
ent, says the Reporter. A large majority of
those present favored the pronostiou to loan
auy parties who wrould employ 200 or more
men, and erect two or more shoe factories in
that city, a sum ot mouey for that purpose.
The amount was «ot stated in the bill, but un
derstood to be $30,000. and exempt the same
from taxation lor a period of ten years. The
meeting was then adjourned to Wednesday
evening, Oct. 25th.
OXFORD COUNTY.
A Rumford cow last wiuter gave birth to a
monstrosity in the shape of a pair of twiu
calves, so joined together that they present hut
oue body, having eight legs and standing upon
six, two of the hiud legs crossing each other
over its hack, and resembling the feet and legs
of a dog; while one of its beads resembles that
of a bear, and the other that ot a dog.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
Ou Tuesday afternoon last Mrs. Stephen
Hewes ot Hermon Pond, noticed that a flock
of turkeys in the yard were very much lr*gb>
eDed, and ou looking out saw a large eagle de
vouring pieces of lamb left by Mr. Hewes atter
butchering. The eagle flew arouud the house
several times, finally alighting on the top ot
I lia liniiCA ,nl,an Vi a mnti oI.a, rpu.. __
Of Kiry color, aud measured seveu feet eiabt
inches from tip to up or wragy. it uas oeeu
purchased by Colonel Beals, who will have it
mouuted and will use among the Bangor dec
orations on Wednesday.
The Bangor Whig tells a story of a man liv
ing in a neighboring town who came to Bang* r
to purchu.se a cider barrel. He found a groce
ry mau who informed him that be was selling
kerosene barrels daiiy to farmers to put cider
in, so he invested a dollar aud a quarter in one
aud hauled it home. They do say that mau
ha* some patent “non-explosive” cid9r for sale
now.
SOMERSET COUNTY.
Our Skowliegau correspondent under date
of Thursday, says: This moruing about half
past six o’clock smoke was discovered coming
irom the building formerly occupied by A. H.
Fletcher as a potato depot, now occupied by
H. O. Beal for the same purpose and as a store
house, the lower story being packed with plas
ter. The lower story became flooded bv the
great raiu of the night. The result was a great
deal of smoke and a very 1-ttle fire. The eu
gines-were soon on the ground, and with the
raiu succeeded in makiug a huge pen of mor
ter. Loss to the budding very slight. The
rain was pouring at the time, so that it was
rather an unfavorable dav for a fire on a large
scale.
The Skowliegau Reporter says New Port
land held an exc:ted town meeting at New
Portland Falls last Saturday. The principal
at tide iu the wirrant was to see if the towu
would vote to pay back to soldiers their com
mutation money aud money paid for substi
tutes. The question called out between two
and three hundred of the voters of the towu.
The vote stood 34 lor paying, and 154 against it.
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
The Directors of the St. Croix and Penobscot
and Railroad Company have ordered the com
pletion, this fall, or a survey of the line from
Princeton to Grand Lake Stream, at which lit
ter point Messrs. Snaw Brothers Co., are
ereetiug the largest tannery in the Union. Af
ter the comple ion of the survey, aud au esti
mate of the cost of the construction of the road
is made aud has been submitted to the stock
holders and approved by them, an earnest effort
will be made to build the road to tue Stream
b.V next autumn. The distance from the Stream
to Passamaquoddy is only 24 miles, and this
gap will be then filled.
WALDO COUNTY.
The Belfast Journal says Mr. Smith, who re
sidue on the eastern side of the river, attempt
ed suicide by hanging, last week, but was pre
vented bj the active interference of Mrs S.
The owner of the horse killed by the train
auviuuiao, a a scut .u uni ui ©izo. rne
engineer offsets with a charge of $127.50 lor
cleaning tbe engine of digested grass, says the
Bellast Journal.
Thorndike has a mineral spring which is said
to te equal to the moie famous springs in its
medicinal properties. It is situated od the
•larm of Mr. E. J. Higgins.
A fatal accident occurred in Seaisport village
on Saturday. A young lad, sou of Michael
Cane, aged 15 years, had placed some grapes
upon the root of the house to ripen, and upon
going to take them in he lost his hold and slip
ped Irom the roof and fell some fifteen feet,
striking upon a picket fence. He was shock
next day.U”J rii“‘
It is sa’d that a tew slate mine bas been dis
covered on the .Rhoads farm, between Burn
ham and Unity.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Aency ol the “Home” Fire lus. Co.
OF COLUMDUS, OHIO.
5 Exchange street, Portland.
beg.,t0Jn o,rm the ^r»ends and patrons of the
Home that 'be following despatch has been receiv
ed at this office:—
“October 13.”
Secretary Baker is at Chicago with
P«7 lows, which arc leas titan
expected. Capital unimpaired.”
The lavers and application« oftho^e w'sbiug relia
ble security against Eire are solicited for the
“HOWE” of 4 olnmbus, Capital $500,000
“UNION,” of Bangor. Assets,) t itA AAA
No loss at Chicago. j $470,000
VST* Policies issued and losses settled promptly and
liberally.
W. II. FOl’E, Ageul,
oclGsn«od2w 5 Ex. hauge street.
A. M. McKENYEY,
THE WELL KNOWN
Photographic Artist
Has fitted up the
Best Fh< tographic Rooms
in the State, and furnished 'bem in the most fash
ionable and elegant style, where be will make all the
styles ol tbe art as well as can he done in ihe S ate.
He bas seemed the seivires of Ihe celibrated pho
tographer
15. F. SMI TH.
Mr. Smith would be pleased to have the patronage
oi his old ii lends.
He returns his thanks to the public for their past
patronage ana hopes tor the continuance ot the same
at his new place.
161 middle street, Portliind, Me.
oct 16 sndlw&v4w42
The Warning ha. been Heeded.
Since the exposure ol the attempts made by cer
tain unscrupulous local uoaiers, to palm off their
coarse astringents, made Irom cheap and impure
materials, in Ihe place of tile great national tonic’
Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters, public opinion bas tet
strongly against Ibese empirics and tlieir prepata
lions. Their occupation is gone, or soon will be.
When the light is let into deception It soon wills
down. Persens who trifle with ihair own heallli, by
using unknown preparations, with no guarantee to
sustain them, when an established specific, proveu
by twen y years experience to be exactly whit it is
claimed to be, is within their reach, are sure to re
pent their temerity. Many have done so in th is in
stance, but it is hoped that the truth plainly spoken
has arrested tbe evil. In ihe m-un litne 4 1.— .1.-,.,.
lor the leading protective and restorative medicine
ot America was never so great as it has been this
season. From the lever and a$ue districts of the
west, sooth west, and south, it is literally over
whelming, and it may be said of the advices from all
parts ot the country of the cures tt is effecting in
di&papsia, bilious complaints, an« chronic constipa
tion, that‘-their name is legion” Everywhere the
sick and leeble seen* to have realized the importance
ot “holding tast that which is good,” and ol avoiding
what is spurious and dangerous.
DU E. t\ OARVIN’S
Tar Remedies,
-FOR
Coughs, Colds aud Lung Diseases,
For tale at Wholesale, by
W. F. PHILLIPS O DruKg<H|M|
oct!39N2w* No. 46 Middle Street, Portland. Me.
Notice,
The Ladies from all the different Parishes in the
city aire invited to meet on Thursday alternoon, 19th
inst., at 2 o’clock P. M., at the Common Council
Room, City Building, to prepare clothing tor the suf
ftrers by the Chicago fire.
Any materi its for under clothing or money will be
received by the Committee, who may be found at the
room from 9 A. M. to 10 P. M. on that day.
Per Order of Mayor.
hicago Kdiei Fund.
Subscriptions lor the sufferers can be left with i
jilher ol the Canvassing Committee, the Executive
Committee, the Mayor or Hon. S E. Spring, Trets
irer of the Keiicf Fund.
Cioihing may be left with Charles Clark, Esq., City
Marshal. octl4?n3t
JVo More Wet Feet.
liable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOR
BOOTS and SHOES,
rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread and
'egs. Besides 'urnishing the most durable, pliable
ouoinical boot ever offered the public, It affords an
rticle more nearly
WATERPROOF
nan ever betore made of the same maieiia’s. r
til Dralera Hell i able Were w Wired Ooodw, a
Patent Stamp «n all. oct2sn eod6w P
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Home Securities
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
I
rPHE B. N. A. RAILWAY is completed trom J1
1 Bangor, Maine, to St. John. New Brunswick, a
distance oi 2C2 miles,—with the exception of 58
mil* s between Winn, Me., and »be boundary line ol
tbe State at Vanceboro'. On thii portion the track
is now S eiuti lad, both from Winn eastward and
trom Vaneeboro’ westward and the work will be
completed aud trams running trom Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Tb.s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). me population o» the
maritime Provinces is about ONE ItllEMo.if,
and all the land r avel, freight, mails. betw'ecu
them and the Uni ed States.will pass over this Trunk
line.which is \VITH«UT O PJKTlTIO*.
Although not yet completed, tbe business of the
road is already f*r greater than Ps most sanguine
friends predicted, and is continuaMy increasing.
The net earnings from floral If umIuomn alone,
on the 5d miles com pi. ted in Maiue, already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions of dol
lars, and will be largely increasing after &ept next
by the business io and Irom tbe Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as fully as its
present Urge business and tfie immediate iucrease
consequent upon its completion, requires —the Com
pany has issued its Bonds io the amount of Two
Millions oi Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
ONITSE^TI^E R04D AND PROP
EHTV FR«il WINl Io VlNCEBlIHO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipments from Bangor co Winn, 5G miles. This
portion cost some $2 300,0 0, and the only lien there
on is a mortgage to the city ot Bangor t<»r $1,000,000)
and, in ad-tit ion thereto, bv a F lttNT Ai> 11
v -m i»v uio avi as u'u
800,000 Acres of Land
Said lands being the same granted by the Slate ot
Maine to aid tbe construction ot this road. They are
situated along the Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an 1 are heavily timbered and valuable. Latge
tracts, especially in the fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
fiuef-t agricultural district in the State,) are valnab e
for farming lands as well as for tlieir timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,OHO Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with whi« h they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 pquaie miles (nearly as large a* tbe State
ot Rhode Island, which is 13UG souare milts.) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage of the Railway, its
equipments, <2fcc., which alone is ample security lor
the Bonds, there are timber and farm lands to the
amount of
400 .1 cres to each Bond
also p'edged to ensure the payment 1 hereof.
The Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March 1, 1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from U. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York Bonds r*gis ere I if desired, Coupons made
payable (£‘J each j in London, Eng and, ii preferred.
SINK.IN© FUND—All proceeds oi sales of land,
as wen as ol timber and other products therefrom,
ate. by tbe Trustees, to be ii vested in these Bonds if
they can be bought, at nar or less; otherwise in
United States, State or Municipal S -cuiities. And
on July 1, 1879, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, the E. N. A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a sum
of money equal to one per cent, of the amount of
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all iireiest
received on securities, belonging to tbe Sinking
Fund are to be invested a* above staged, and these
accumulations are solely tor the purpose ot addition
ally providing lor the redemption of there Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a thrd great clement
ol securing and strength, and adds to Ihe safety of
these Bonds
The trustees are Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, ot
Bangor, Me and J. EDGAR THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Far and Accrued Interest in payment for
any of the lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities tor sale at
90 and Aoo/ued Interest in CnrrencY.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest, market price-in exchange for these
Bonds and can be sent by Express and these re
turned by Express, tree o« expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further par nan ars concerning
the connections and business, with Maps, sh .wing
the location and lands of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL.
Principal Agent of. the Company for the
Hale of BoudN,
IS A N O K MAINE,
OR TO
SWAN A BARRETT,
Hankers ana Brokers,
lOO Middle Street..Portland,
Hgg^On completion (in 1872 )ot 60 miles of Railroad
now building, between St. John, N. B, and Halifax,
N. S, there will be an unbroken line ol Railway
from Halifax 10 all the chief cities of the United
States, and as two or three days oi ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 36 hoars* time saved, from
New Vork, in going to or coming Horn Europe, by
rail to or from Halifax,— a large -badness in pas
sengers, mails and freight will thereby be auued to
the traffic over the E. N. A. Railway.
Julyl3-sueod if
The Cause and ('me ot Couauniptiou.
Tlie primary cause ot Consumption Is derangement
ot tbe digestive organs. This derangement produces
deficient nutiitiou and assimilation. By assimi'a
tion I mean toat process by which the nutriment 01
the lood is converted into blood, and thence into the
solids of the body. Persons with digestion thus im
paired, having the slightest predisp sition to ;ul
monary disease, or it they take ccld, will be very li
able to have Consumption o: the Lungs iu seme ot
its forms; and 1 hold that it wid be impossible to cure
any as 30 consumption witi.oul first restoring a good
digestion and beaLhy assimila ion. 'ihe very first
thing to be done is to cleanse the stoma- li and bowe’s
from all diseased mucus and slime which is logging
lhese organs *o that ihiy cannot perform their lunc
tions, and then rouse up anu restore Ihe liver to a
healthy action For this purpose, tbe surest and best
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pilis These Pills
cleanse the stomach and noweis 01 all the dead *,nd
morbid slime lhax is causing disease aud ueray in ihe
whole 838 em. They will clear out the liver ol all
diseased bile that has accumulated tlure. and arouse
it up to a new and boa ty action, by which natmal
anu healthy bile is secreted.
The 8tomacik,bowels and liver ate thus cleaused by
the use ot Sell nek's Mandrake Pills; but there re
mains in the stomach >in excess ot acid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In tbe bowels,the
lacicals are weak, and require strength and support.
II is in a condition like this that lienck’s Seaweed
i onic proves to t.e the most valuable remedy ever
discovered, n is alkaline, and iis use wil. neutralize
ail excess ol acid, making tbe s oniach sweet anu
iresh; it will give peimanent loneto tnis impo tant
organ, and create a good, hearty appetite, and pre
paretbe system for tbe tiist process ot a good digest ion
aud ultima ely make good, bealihy, living blood.—
Aitcr ibis preparatory treatment, what remains io
euro mo.-t cases ot Consumpiion is the tree and per
severing use ot Scnenca’s Pu-monic Svtup. The
Pulmonic Syrup douj is lies ihe system, punfies ttie
blood, and is readily absorb d into the circulation,
and them e distributed to ibe diseased .ungs there
it ripens a'l morbid matters, whether in the tbrm#dl
sbs» es.ses or libert ies, and then assists Nature to
expel a1! Ihe dis- used matter iu the :orm of free m
peetoiation, woen once it ripens. It is then, by the
gr«ai healing and puihying properties or Schenck’s
Pulmonic Syiup, iliat all ulcers and cavities are In al
ed up sound and my patient is cured.
J he essential thing to be none iu curing Consump
tion is io get up a good apptcite aud a good digestion
so that tbe body will grow in flesh and gee strong.—
If a person has diseased lung*, a cavity or abscess
there, the cavity cannot heal, tl e mailer cannot rip
en, so long as uie system is bdow par. Wha1 is nec
essaiy to cure is a new order oi things, a good appe
tnc,. good nutrition, he body to grow in flesh and
get fat; then Nu ure is h Iped, the cavities will heal,
the ma ter wiil ripen and be thrown oti n Urge
quail titles, aud the person regain health and .-trength.
This is the tiue and only plan to cure Consumption,
and if a person s very bad, it the lungs aie not en
tirely destroyed, or eveu it one lung is entirely gone,
it there is enough vitality leit in the other to heal up
there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with only one
sou d lung, live and enjav life to a good old age.—
1 his is what Sclienck’s medicines will do to cure
Consumption. J hey will mean out the stomach,
sweeteu and strengthen it, get up a go id d gestiar,
and give Natuie ihe ast-i^auwe she needs to clear the
sys em ot all the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever Ihe form miy be.
It is important mat,, while using Schenck’s medi
cines, tare should be exercised not to take co'd; keep
111- joors in P.n/»1 !ind ihrnn nmntl.. .1 1.. ..5.
and take out-door exercise only m a genial ana waim
sunshine
1 Wish it distinctly understood oat when 1 recom
mend a patient to be carelul in regard to taking cold
wide using my medicine. Ido so tor a special tea
s ui. A mtn who lias but pariiallyirecoYcreJ from the
effects ot a bad cold is tar more liable lo a lel ius*
than one who lias teen entirely cured, and lr is lire
ciselv the same in regard to consumption So long
as die lungs are not perfectly healed, just so long i“
mere imminent danger ol a mil return ot the dis
ease. Henee it is that I so strenuously caution pul
monary patients ageinst exposing themselves man
atmosphere ihat is not genial and pleasant Cut
firmed consumptives' lungs are a mass ot' sores
wniefi tlie least change oi aimospitere will 'nfiime'
The grand secret o. my success with my medicinei
consists in nty ability to subdue lnfiamaiion Instead
ol provoking it, as many ot the faculty u0 i n in
flamed lung cannot witlt saicty to tlie patient be ex
posed to tbs biting blasts ot "inter or the coiling winds
ol spring or autumn, it should be caretullv shielded i
irom all irritating influences. 1 he utmost caution 1
should he observed in this particular, aswitbput it a
rare under almost ary circumstances is an imno s;
bility. 1
t lie person should bn kept on a wholesome and nu
tricious diet, and all the medicines continued until
thebodv lias restor e to it tlie natural auamir- „i
Jesh and strength. loaouty ol
I was nty ell cured by this treatment ot Ike worst
tind 01 Consumption and have lived to get iat anil
learty these maiiy years.wtth one lung mostly cone
have cured thousands siui e, and vet v matt, have
teen cuied by this treatment whom i have never I
een
About the first ot October I expect to lake tosses
ion ot my new building at the north-east corner of
lixtb and Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to
[tve advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all tu" remedies so Ihat
i persou in any part ot tlie world can be ’readily
ured by a strict observant e ot tlie same J
J. H. suHKNCK, M. D. Philadelphia
«EO. C- liOOOn iN, A CO., Age,,,*.
BOSTON.
Printers or Machinists
Wishing (or small NTEAin ENiJIIVeh from C1
to 2 liotse power, will finu it to ibeir advantage to ai
.T. B. H-TJC^Lgj, gai
00 EXCII ANISE STREET.
IlEALEIt IN c,
Va< luuist 'loots ami upplieu ai
_/t
FOR t,
rHE new two story French roof house, just flu
ished, on Cushman st.; house pitied torSehago r
id all the modern improvements. Enquire on the’
•emises or No 26 Emery st. J. A. TENNFY
sepSdtl su
,1 I HI. m.nmu uni.. _r,
___SPECIAL NOTICES. __
LORING THURSTOW,
Are pleased to announce that they have just been appointed to the Agency of the
COMMERCIAL UNION ASSURANCE:
L'oHifmuy ol London.
L*»id np Capital, #1,250.000.
Assets, Securely Invested, #4,000,000.
This Company, with its large Capital and Assets securely invested, having made a dei o.it of $200,000, in
rniied States Bonds, with the Insurance Department at New York, and b- ing iu! 1 v au.liorlzed to trans
ct the bus-iness ot rim Insurance m the United Siates..is piepartd to issue Policies on Merchandise,
Warehouses, Manufactories, Dwellings, Ftftniiure and otiie property at adeqaate ra es.
LOSING THURSTON, Agents,
88 Exelianffe street.
Portland, Oct 13, 1871. 3tocl3
SAFE INSURANCE.
Assets since the Chicago Fire as follows:
Royal I us. Co. of Liverpool,
$9,000,000
Franklin Ins. Co. Philadelphia,
$3,000,000
Washington Vus. Co. New York
$§50,000
CALL OlV
-__
ROLLINS A ADA3IS,
No. 1 Exchange Street.
TO THE L41>HN
01 Portland and vicinity we would announce that we are now receiving our FALL and WINTER
Stock ot French Millinery Goods,
CONSISTING OF
Silks, Ribbons, Velvets,
French Flowers, Feathers, and
Ornaments.'
FRENCH AND [ENGLISH ROUND HATS,
2sTew Style Bonnets, &c. <fcc.
To which we respecttully invite your attention.
Mrs. W. E. SNEI.L,
337 CONGRESS STREET.
sep21snlm
LEA W Mr r.IVIUN OAliLL,
Pronounced by Counoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed bv Messrs LEA PEERING to
prosecute ail parries making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN DCNCAN’N NONM,
augl2sn6m Agenis, New Voik.
Or. ttiekneU’s »yrup.
For the cure of Bowel or Summer complaints, acts
like magic upon D>eentery, uiarihcea, Cholera Mor
bus, Colic, damp, sick or Sour St«-maih, Dyspep
sia, die, givir g immediate relief, Free iioai opiate,
and never produces cosiiveness. Deigned for chil
dren as well as grown pe« sons. Sold by all dealers
id med cine. Please give it. a trial. Prepared only
by Edward Suiteu, of Providence, ft. I. jyi9si.3m
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded watehouses on
Brown’s Whart, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s l>uilding3 York Dantorth and Com
mer< ial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
jylSsn 97 Exchange Street.
B. GOWELL,
Anticipating leaving the city now otters his entire
stock ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
uutil he sells his b .use. {See advertisement b§ (ieo.
R. Davis if Co.) Now is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
fW^C.iiino Aurljt a.nil th* nwl*. e®|*7 orrtf
Procure T ickets
AT
MWI W. D. Little Ge.’s,
0L0 PASSENGER TIOKET, AGENOY
Travelers for California
and the We*t, P4outh a ml Xorthwcnt, may ol>
tain through Tickets, by the bem und mo t
reliable routes from Pori'aia, or o.ision, or
New York, to anv p. iut desired at the lowest
ate* at the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency,
W. I>. TjITI LIZ Ad CO.,
Office 49 1-‘J (£xcliaiiK« W|.
JE§r='Re'iable information cheerfully f urnished at
all times. au2Ud it sn
GRAHAM FLODR
OF A SUPERIOR QUALITY
Frc*h from the Iflill. Also the celebrated
P O S T E L S
And Other Choice Brands.
MUW, IIA IDMM) V.
ec9 d3m
Portland Observatory,
VTO Stranger should leave the ffty wthout vlsit
li ingthe Observa'ory on Munjoy’s Hill. From
'lie cupola 2i.7 fe above the S a. may be seen ilie
entire Cry, the Ocean to the horizon Casco H «y
with its 365 islands Ihe White Mountain* KU
miles distant, and wilh tire powerful TeleMcope
mounted in the cupola objects 30 miles uisianlin
every direction may be distinctly seen. The views
here a»e saul to oe unsurpassed for b auty and va
riety by any in the world. Cbrgress street cars pass
very 13 minutes. SN jy22 3m
EXCHANGE
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
Keatly for I immediate Delivery!
IN SUMSJTOjSUIT!
W 31. E. WOOD,
(17 Exchange St.
Aaeiit (or Henry View. Co, N„ V.
•luue 27-tI an
COAL $S.oO.
Broken for
Boilers—furnaces—Store Stoves—
Salamanders”—or in fact any pur
pose where a larsre sized au<i strong
,;oal is desired or required—ottered
at the above price,which is certain
ly low, considering the present
phase ot the Coal Market.
*3B,o JQ8.H.POOK4fcBBO.
LITTLE THINGS.
>f “little things” the earth is made,
All that the e\e can see:
Each, by its kindred atoms staid,
Keeps nil things where they be,
Phe “little drops” the Ocean make,
W uich each to each adhere*,
Ship across its bosom take
Their different spheres.
riie “Little Boys” who need new “Clothes."
Can always find at G OKGE FEN NO’S,
Coat, Pants, Vest. Hat and Shoes complete,
Corner ot Beach and Washington Street. Boston.
__ ocl2-snlw
SPORTSMEN I
J. B. Lucas, 69 Exchange Pt.,
Has just received another lot ot those tine
lire cell liontiiitic Nhol Cuum.
Also a lew more ot those very cheap
fenglinh Twist Rouble bbl, CJuum.
Od4_
graphite Axle Grease,
The Bet in the Market for all kind, of
CAKBIAGGS.
Also a food assortment of
Machinists’ Fine Tools
G. L. BAJLEY, 48 Exchange street.
The European Question,
What is the European question to us? Let the
owned heads tight it out whi a we supply their
mieswith provisions
TIIE AMERICAN QlIEKTflOX I
to the best method of clothing gray heads with
>ssy b own or raven black is, however, a matt* ir ot j
fit mipor anee ro nuilioDS «t both sexes in this t
untry. It seems to he decided, it jiopularity is a
r teBt in the ca-e, in favor of
ristadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye i
3 sales ot which have been advancing d wring the
st twtlve montbs with rapidity ton! thing. As
Bssing after dyeing, use 1
CRISTA DOltU’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
sep28 eod lm w3(Ml au
I e n;u ient.
First Mortgage
BONDS,
CF THE
Leeds <feFarmiegtonR.lt. Go.,
■Principal and inle*ent guaranteed by the
Maine Central Railroad Co.,
FOR SALE BY
If. M, PAVSO»,
30 tixchange st., Fortlauri.
aug22 sn
REMOVAL!
-AKD
-OF THE
Old Post Office
On an entirely new plan.
Tblg office wil’ open for the delivery ot
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
Crockery House Furnifhiog Goods
Ot every name and kind, on or about the
aoth of Sept. 1871.
Persotis calling for anything in our stock will
please leave iheir name, street and number and a"
will be delivered iree by one of our numerous c»r
riers. Office open trom 7 A M., to 9 1* M., bun
iUya excepted.
Hooper, Eaton Co.
P. S. Entrance irom Exchange, Federal or Mar
ket sis. sepl8
GOLD-DUST]
All loverd ot CHOiCE FLOUR should inquire
ior this CELEBRATED BRAND. sep6d2mo ie
They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA STjllF,
Fluent Block,
aep27-sneodtf Exchange st.
Stock k Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the ci*y will sell my
stock and place of business great d scouut.
1 shall sell at retail cheaper than ever imiil I close
out my stock ot
Hhip Timber. Plauk. Spam. Knee*, Reck
ing, and Tr enails.
Also 30.000 Cedvr R R. Sleepers, extra size.
For pamcu'ars call on JL. TAYLOR,
sept 19 suit 17ti Commercial st.
1)R. ING ALLS,
Scientific Physician.
Heals the sick upon the principle ot the late Dr. P P
Quimby’s practice.
Office 39 Temple St.
umce Hours irom 8 a. m.. to vi m., and irora 1 to 5
p. m. sep30an*3w
TICE!
T11HE Cigar store that wa*i adveftised for sale at 229
X Congress street, hasremovtd back to tbe old
stand on Exchange street, where I wid still manu
aciure the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invite
all my customers and trieuds in general to call and
examine my goods and get posted ou the prices. 1
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
I want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. Jfi. PuNCE, No, 80 Exchange St.
B 0 ND S.
iSeltast City, OS
Bath City O’s
Rockland O’s
Waldoboro O’s
Dexter O’s
European K- A. R. B. Gold O’s
Portlauddc Osd. K. R. Gold O’s
Atcbinsou, Topeka Santa Fe
K I*. tiold 7’s
Central Iowa R. JL Gold 7’s
West Wisconsin R. K. Gold 7’s
Portland X. Rocliestsr R. R.
currency 7’s
FOR SALE BT
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
loo middle Mreef.
Government Bonds taken in exchange at
ugliest market rates. _my29 SN M W&F
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of London,
AND THE
Provincial Bank cf Ireland
And all it* Brauchm.
For sale in sums to suit, by
B. BHO WN SONS,
_J»13-sntt_ 97 Exchange Nt.
Jhe Security Boor Check,
s an arllcl° of houent utility. It meets a want hith
rto urpupbiied, and is approved by eminent cltI
pus and the press. It is luudsome bronze orna
lent. it Is so small that it i« never in the way, ami
ray be carried by lady or gentleman when traveling.
Ms neat, simple, iighr, strong, uselul, ornamental,
heap.
Everybody nee It; Call and see it. 29 Market
quare. NUITEfct BHOTHERS Co..
oc6dlwsn Foil land.
2lie Steamer JEmperor
Vill Nut Leavn Portland lor Yar
mouth until further notice.
oct 9-sntf
_ I «y
SPECIAL NOTICES. i
ON MARMAUeT
Es'ays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
nd ABUSES, which in teriere with MARRIAGE—
tritli sure means ol re'iel tor the Erring and Untor- X3
uua’e, Diseased anil Debilitated. Address HoW
LRI) ASSOCIATION, No. 2, S. Ninth 8t., Pblladel
•ltia, Pa. jy 26-sn tng
r
Batelielors Bair Dje.
This superb Hair Dvc is the best in iheworld~i»er
ectty harmless, reliable and ins au’aneous; no dis L
point ment; no ridi< ulous tints or disagreeable odor.
I he genuine Wm. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
s IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural I
frown, leaves the hair clean, solt. beautilir; does
lot contain a partic'e of lead or any injurious com
>ouml. Sold by all Druggists.
Fae orv, 1G BOND S rRKET,»N./r.
J>11 SN DAW 1Y
TOE
ADJUSTABLE SPRING BED.
THEBE
AND
Cheapest in the World
MANUFACTURED BY
Thos. P. Beals Co., a
HABKKT HTKEET.
This Bed is pronnunc- d by all at' who have used it 3
to he superior to an. other ever offered to ihp public
The Manufacturers make the fter to guarantee A
penect sutistaciion to everv purchaser oi this article.
Also Manufacturers ot
Chamber Nets
Anil Dealer*! in all bind*! of
PURNITUKE.
oel3 tf
CARRIED
In Bridgton Oct, 12, by Rev. F. Orovener, S. «T.
Vail, ot New York, son ot Rev. S. M. Vail and Miss
H. M. Howard, of Bridgton.
In Brunswick. Oct. i0. by Rev. J. McMil an, Rev,
Geo. 0 tyrawtord and Mrs. Julia A. Coombs
In Bowdnioham. Oct. 10, Oapt Sam’l W. Randall 1
and Amanda Purington. t
In Gardiner, Oct. 22, Everett B. Small and Emma
F. Bing.
In Gardiner, Oct. 10, Geo. E. Porter, ot G., and
Nettie J. Thompson, ol West Gardiner.
DIED.
In Naples Oct.4, Mis» Laura E. Winslow, ot Wind
ham aged 40 years 4 month'.
In Brunswick, Oct. 5, Nancy A. Metcher, aged 67
years 11 months.
In Harpswell, Oct. 11, Mr. Abiezer Dunning, aged
73 years.
In Bowdoinham, Oct. 7, Mr. Jeremiah Fisher, aged
69 years.
In Gardiner, Oct. 8, Mr. Dennis M. Libby, aged 41
years.
In Boston, Oct. 12. Edward Winslow Wbitman.ion
ol datums H and Harriet Whitman of Pembroke,
Mass,, aged ‘’5 years.
DEPARTURE OF OCEAN STEAMER*
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
Scandinavian.Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 14
Citv or Mexico.New York.. Hav«$ V Cruz..Oct It
City Washington ..New York.. Liverpool.Oct 14
Baiavia...New York.. Liverpool.<>ct U
Knropa.New York. .Gla-gow.Oct 11
Atlantic.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 14
Iowa.New York. .Glasgow.0< t 14
Ocean Queen.New York. .Aspinwall.Oct 14
lianuuoma.New York. .Hamburg.Oct 17
Idaho.New York..Liverpool.Oct If
Cuba.New Yqrk. .Liverpool.Oct If
t ilumoia .New York Havana.Oct 19
Citv or Paltimore. Now York. .Liverpool.Oct 1
Hibernian .Quebec ....Liverpool.Oct 21
Caledonia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 2i
Pereire*.New York. .Havre.Oct 21
Merrimac.New York. .Rio Janeiro.. .Oct 23
Cleopatra.New York.. Havana.Oct 2*
St David.Quebec.Glasgow.Oct 2^
Missouri.New York..Havana.Oct 26
Moravian.Quebec.Liverpool. Oct 2*
Miaiaiare Almanac.October IB
San rises.6.13 i Moon sets....... 7 00 PM
Sun Sets. 5 17 I High water.12.45 PM
MARINE NEWft
PORT or PORTLAND
Saturday, Oct. 14
ARRIVED.
Steamer Dirigo, Johnson, New York, mdse U
Henry Kox.
Sch Goorgetta, Lord, Salem, to J Nickerson, to load
lor New York.
Sch Maine. Sin allage, Mt Desert.
Sch Village Belle, Clements, vit Desert.
Sch Boston. Rich. Calais tor Boston.
Sch L Wal-li, Kell**y. Calais ior New York.
Sch Trott King Bra fold, Calais for New York.
Sch Jas Lawrence, Torrey, Bangor toi New York.
Sch Ophir, Murphy, bango" tor I rovin^etown.
Sch L B Sargent. Sargent Vinalhaven for N York
Sch J P Wallace, Thunipsorik Damariscotta ioi
Boston.
Sch challenge, Bennett. Damariscotta for Boston.
Sch Jas Nichols, Child. Damariscotta foi Boston
Sch P G Maddocks, McDonald, Boothbay for Bos
ton.
Sch Arrival, Farnham, Boothbay tor Boston.
CLEARED.
Steamer Carlotta, Colby, Halifax, NS—John Por
teous.
Barque Rachel, Norton, Baltimore—Geo S Hunt.
Brig Aodie Hale, Sheppard, Point Petre, Guad,—
PhiDOey Jack.-on
brig Iris, (Br) Downey, Sydney, CB.
Sch Hattie E Sampson, Blake, Wentworth, NS,—
Cba« H Chase Co.
Sch Tracy Jane, (Br) Pettipas, St John, NB—S
Stuart.
Sch Albert, (Br) Nickerson. St Andrews, NB—No
ble Savage, and Fletcher Sc Co
Sch White Swan, Hind*. Calais—Fletcher Sc Co.
Sch Paragon, Hickey, Eastport and Calais— Nathl
Blake.
etunday» Oct. 15.
ARRIVED.
Steamer John Brooks, Liscomb, Boston.
Sch Montezuma, Griffin, Boston, to load lor East
port and Calais.
Sch Oregon, Turner, Newburyport,— oniona to
Hodgdon Soule.
DOMESTIC PORTS*
KEY WEST—Sid 2d, barque Nellie Abbott, Jor
I an I Mr.n. aninurall Inr V au,
SAVANNAH -Ar 12th. sch Florence Tower, from
Rockland.
Ar 13 h. ship Eroeh Talbot, Talbot, tm Liverpool
brig J Bickniore, Henlev, Bath
BALT I vtoKE—Cld 12tb inst, brig Harriet Amelia,
Cochran Noriolk.
PHILADELPHIA—Cld 12th, barque Heleu Sands
Woodside, Antwerp; sen Susan Stetson, Yates, tor
Boston.
Cld I3tb, brig Gip«ev Qneen, tor Portland.
SU tm Delaware Breakwater 12th, brig Anna M
Knight tor Autwerp.
N i. W YORK—Ar 12tb, brig Mary Celeste. Fowler,
Jamaica, sobs C S Webb, Day. Georgetown, Sv.;
Light Boat, Wood, and Sin bad Arev, im Rockland;
'••rian, Emery; R Leech, Pendleton; William Rice,
Pr*-ssev Defiance. Ha'I, and ftlary Brewer, Brewer
Rockland, m L Kenney, Wallace. Tliomaston Bed
abedec Knownton, Viualbaven, Samuel Hart, Hoi
hr ok, Vine>ard-Ha*eu; Veto, from Providence, J
Griffin, Coombs. Boston tor Pbilade'nhia.
Meiow 12th, ship OliveS Southard. TheoboUl, iron
Richmond. Me, brig Lima, from Jamaica
Ar 13th, ship Fxceisior, Penoletou, Liverpool; brig
Lima, Hiill, Milk River J Nellie, Owens, St Croix;
achs »*va Adell, Eaton, Apalachicola; Adrian, Emerv
Rockland; Bedabe ec, Hix.do.
Cld 13-h. ships Wm U Reed, Stinson, Liverpool;
John Bun van, Gilmore, Havre; barques Cicniue os.
Dyer, Galveston; Eliza White. Mahonev, Portland;
brigs Emly, Brown, Jacksonville, Edith, ivowlev.
do. Antelope, RumbalJ, Mobile; sch Mabel Hall,
Bartlett. Savannah
Passed through Hell Gate 13th, sobs Geo Ravage
N>e, Elizabetb|»ort lor Boston Ella Hay, irom New
York tor Salem; May Day, do for Bangor; Caroline
Knight, do tor Pembroke
PROVIDENCE—Ar 12th, sch Canary, Scott, Irons
Ar Litb, sch Titos llix, Hall, Rockland.
Sid 12ih, sen Kobt Foster, Lee, lor Millbridge* Eli
zabeth. Murcb, tor Fall River.
WARREN—Sid 12th, «ch Coral, Kent, New York.
WICK FORD—Sid 13th, sch F A Pike, Gove, tor
New York.
NEWPORT—fn port 12th. sch H Prescott. Merri
man, Mattapoi-elt lor New York; Kate Grant. Grant
B ngor lor New Haven; Harper, Gott, Providence
for New York, Louter Newton, Gray, do tor do M
McCann Cavanaugh, New Bedford fordo; Wm
Penn. Wiley, Calais lor do; Mindoro, Hatley, do tor
New llaven; Peacedale. Baker, Fall River lor Nev
York; Franklin, Brewster, and Nellie Tieat, Dorr,
fianklin lor do; Wm r'enn, Wiley, and Terrapin,
Wooster, Calais tor do; Lodu&kia, Means. Bangor lot
Westport; S L Burns, Crosby. Im St George tor Now
York. Senator Grimes. Phiibrook, tm Providence for
Philadelphia; Lyra, Pickering, tni do tor New York
Maud Mulloeb, Norwood, Calais tor do* Laura, Rob
erls,Viualbaven for do; Mary Louise. Simpson. Port
lano tor do; Ella Brown, Robinson, St John, NB, lor
Philadelnbia.
N&W BEDFORD—Sid 13th, sebs Eagle, Grant,
and Prarl, Gookin New York.
BOSTON—Ar 13th. sebs M L Crockett, Crockett,
Bangor; Sarah, Weeks. Bath.
Old 13th, sch Gertrude Howes, Smith, for Ruatan;
Sea Pigeon, Ware Calais.
Ar 14tti, brigs J A Devereux. Clark. Georgetown;
Chan Miller, Giikey, Philadelphia; sens Thames,
Freeman, Calais: A auio, Sieele. Machias.
B low, barque Mary M Bird, Irom Montevideo.
Cld 14ih, brig E U Kennedy. Hallett, Charleston;
sch Nellie arr Lansil, Bangor.
NEWBURYPORT-Ar 13th, sch Alpine, Elliott,
Millbridge.
PORTSMOUTH—Ar 11th, sch Sea Queen, Bunker,
Elizabethport.
FOREIGN PORTS. I
ai noug aoug aug 10, vuip uos umm, carver, ior
San Fran -isco
Ar at Callao 20ih ult, ship St L.ucie, Scribner, Liv
erpool.
Sid 13th ult. ship Emily Farnum, Lord Germany;
barque Vidette, Merritt, San Kianctsco; 20tn, ship
H S Saniord, Dunpby, Germany.
Ar at Bahia previous to Sept 10, ship Frank Flint, i
Smalley. Liverpool. r
Ar at Maianxas 2d inst, brig Cascatelle, Simmons. 1
St John. MB. t
Shi ini Sagua 4th inst, sch Hattie Ross, Ulrick, lor
Philadelphia. t
[Per steamer Cuba at New Yoik.l t
81d Im Liverpool 28th C H Marshall.' Marshall, lor
New York Fred Tudoi. Bra Mord. Rio Janeiro, g
Cld 29ih, Euza McNed, Mills, New York; John
Patieu. Hill, Savannah.
Eot out 29ib, John L Dimmoek, Lincoln, tor Sa
Tacid*at London 29ih, Hercules, Lincoln, Cardiff and
Slcfd atNewport 27th. Game-, Oliver, Bio Janeiro.
Ar at Peuarih 26lh ult, S 0 Blanchard Humphrey, 3
LSid^Bristol 29th, Kentuckian, 8awyer, lor New
°s“ra Cardiff 28th. Bethlah Thayer Carlnev.inr
Montevideo, 29tb Maicla C Day, base, Neff Or
leans; Jas Wright. Morrison. Singapore.
Cld28.h, Ida Lilly, Ol is, New Orleans.
Sl.l tm Limerick 29th, T b Wbilt n, Carver, tor
C Sid* rai Newry 28th, Agenora, White, Newport.
Ar st Queenstown 30th, Mary Goodeil, sweetser,
Slu sm Newcastle, NSW, July 14, Southern Cross,
Henry, Honolulu. 1
Sid lui Melbourne Aug 1, Leila M Long, Lewis, lor
'Sid im 1 iollo July 19 Penang. White, Boston. J
Ar at SiLgapore Aug 20, Anaiiuac, Spautding, from
Penang.
Ar at Rangoon Aug 22, Chins, Jordan. Bremen. 1
Ar at Trieste 26th ult,Giles Loring, Pinkham, trern J[
New York. _ A
Sid im Valencia 24th ult, Keys-one Barter, Denia. V
Bremerbaven lu the Weser 2bth ult, Beitha, H
Humphrey, from Akvab. K
S'd tm Cuxhaven 26th ult, Transit, Percy, tor al- U
•araiso.
In Elsinore Sound 25tb ult, II C Sibley, Colson, Ira
Sow York lor Dannie.
SPOKEN.
Sept 7, lat 40 50. ion 40 20, ship Deltthaven, Freese,
rom New Orleans tor Valencia.
Sept 27, lat 4J 47, ship Kate Davenport, im Shields
or Bom •.ay.
Oct a, »ar 37 37, ion 79 l«, barque Harvest Home,
rom Mexico via Galveston lor Havre.
Nnw is tlio time to subscribe for the C
iV emkly Press—u lively weekly newspspsi 01
EW ADVERTISED ENTs
CIR C UL*1 Ml
!oin8 Insurance Company,
ash Assets Oct 1,1871,
$4,723,206 62
osses at t hicngo will not
esceed 2 Oi'0,000 00
cavmk Lash Assets Oct 2.
,87*> 2,723,200 62
A11 Losses will he promptly
aid, aud Policies issued as usual.
LHAKLKS I. MARTI*.
President.
I.H. W ASllliUR
heeretary.
New York, October 12th, 1871.
P. f». October 14. 1871. Direct
dvices just received from our
Kent ut Ltlicagro. show our Losses
kill in all probability not exce dSl,
00.000.
>0W, 10FF1N to LIBBY, Ag’ts.
cctie tr
91 au ulact iirers9
Insurance Company,
BOSTON,
In answer to numerous statements lu the news
a per* and numerous inquiries of ludl lduais 1 in
ert the fallowing, re eived to-day in tin the l it si
lent of the Company:
“i^eshaH lose One Hundred and Twenty 'ihou
and Dollars by tlic Chicago Fire. We made a difi
leud yesterday of 10 per cent, for the jast six months
.ml have
#1,000,000
Lsseta now on band/'
NATH’LF. HEARING, Agent,
IOO Middle dlrtsl.
Portland, Oct. 13, 1871. 7t
m. n
vnni/t
Coal and Iron properties; Stone, S'ate ami Marbc
Quarries; .Mills, foundries, 'U.uiuc i»r e», sold
in coair^sion. Mur.gage Liau»* obtain' il. >olut
Jiock CtmF'junies organized, aud th;ir c pbal and
trustees procured tu suitable cues Addiilou 1
upi’al procured tor rnercbonis and ManoDct uv> rs
•stub ishtd iu badness and having a ropt!1 able
•a; It il a;re;iuv invested. Alt business strictly ton*
tideutlal. Address
GKIGGI 8BYDF.E,
Fiuam-ial Agents, 9 4 Bioadway, N. V,
reference:
PEOPLES’ HANK,
oc 6 It KlW YORK.
NOTICE.
riTHEKEAS Allen Haines of Portland in the
V County of Cuuioerlairl in right oi Li witr,
J »ne R. dames, and tb a dd Jaue K. Haui«*r, in
uerown right, on the mhli-nh usv ot Au'mi. A.
D, 1870. by toe r mortgage deed ol hat daic,ie
corded In tbe Regisiry o* Deeds In «ald ^ounty of
umberiund, in booa 378, page 48d, conveyed to the
New Lugl-tuu Mutua* Life insurance Company, a
corporation organized under tbe l.*w« ot iiic o.,uj«
uionwealtb ol MaisachuSetis a d htvin it* princi
pal plice ol bu»iu«.»s at Bo-ton, iu ta d Common
wealth, ihe bdlowu g described real e>ui .ai'Ua e
in Portland in bucoumy u> Cumbitiau i with the
brick store thereon siauumg, bounded as tot ows,
to wit: B •ginning ai the mounmeut at tbe ju c*
don of Midd-e auduhu ch street an t iu lining die ce
no. ihwesteily on taid Cbuich aiieet oue bn dial
ud twenty feet to a passageway leading iruUiCi.uiih
to Pearisticet; iheuce southei y uii sam pwagew y
ruirty teei ui the mi dleoidicwa. uiviuing h sure
thereby conveyed troiu me store adjomm.; thence
through tbe entie oi sa.d u.trmiau wait one hun
dred and twenty net iu ad Middle s.ree.; tusuce
noribeasrer v on raid Middle a rest, tbuty lec. tu tuo
place of tegiiK ing, together wi ii ihe ri.hi| o u.e
die stairs leading to i. e chambers, uiui also me
passage-way storesaid in common Witu the
•wuers ot ttre adorning ^to bemg me st<ie
and lot now octup ed by ^epparu Con puny,
v. i ll authority, in case ot me breteb oi he c uimou
ol said mor gage, to .-ell *aid pi onuses at auction at d
lam the pioc e is o sdu sa.e to pay flic u* b cur
ed thereby, und all costs, cnaig s and expenst* im>
c lined or incurred by r ason ot any breacu oi toe
coudi ion otsabt uioitgage, togetaer vvim a c>u<iu>«
sion ol two and ono-hali per cent, on tbe gtuM
amount of sale:
And wheie s the con liion otsail modgjge del 1
has been broken uy said A Un tt.iiue? and oaue Li,
riaines, this is to give notice that add real es.aie
will be sold at pubi.c auciou on said pieim e* (no.
55 Miudle street, Iu said remand j. ou Ju die
seventh day ol Noveiub- r. a. u 1871, at 1 o’c.oc iu
the forenoon, tor t ,e teason an t uipo*« uiuies«id.
Dated at Portland this louiiecuih oay ut October,
A. IK 1»71.
The New England Mutual Liie Insurance Compa
ny, by Benjamin b\ aTaVaNs,
President.
Liiiiice miuci*.
ISO Tubs of New York and
Vermont Jiutier.
Fall make; selected Horn the beet dairts. Jutt
received at 22 Exchange si.
AAUON U. A LUltTCH ,C CO.
oc 16- iseod*
Dissolution of Copartnership.
PHE copartnei.-hie heretofore eilsrtcg uucer tbe
l style ot at. QLllMnV dk t o, is .Dtsd.y
dissolved by mutual comeut. c E Qui uby w d set
tle the affairs ot late firm and contuue busto.ss at
the olu stand.
AARON QDINBY.
a 0. E QD.aBY
Saccarapps, Oct 12, 1871. oclttt
oat.
A CHASED HOLD RING, with a camp euvravsd
Q. on It amlarhdtiotth.ee 'tu-s at the bott m
lniurmat.o ot this ring will th nk tills acknowl
edged by the loser. V. f OLtiTs.
««»l6 l3t Pot t and Post Office.
I. O. V
THE monthly meetiog ol the Vu'tial Relief As o
tint ion »u he 1. o O. will be held ai Odd
fellows’ Hall, Tuesday eveni-g, Cct 17th at 7 1-2
o'clock.
Per order B. C. Ba RN ES Set.
Portland, Oet 18th, 1871. 2d*
For Musical Societies.
lh« Sabbath GueM. Price 61 60
A fire coilecloQ ot An.hems by L O Emeroon «ml
J M Morey,
rhe Greeting Pi Ice $1 50
Au ezceliout Glee Book, by L O ^mersou.
All the Orator!os. al1 th*; Standard Ma-w* s targe
list oi cas-ical *n oteas> rantata', at d numbers ol
dec Books and of Churci Mutic Bo >k*.
Mailed, post paid, on receint o' Retail Price,
Pub ished by
OLIVER DITSON GO.. Buxton.
ocl(kl«&wtc C. H. DITSON CO. New York.
Lost.
A Lady’* Pin medium %ia-«, ai ha revolving ceu
Q. tre,. n one side oi whi n was .he lik n ii r an
i'ue'ly gentleman, on the other ot au clue ly lady;
ralut-d lor tbe lik^ne* es. Tbe finder *i1l tPt-u'tt*
t>‘y rewared by leaving the same «»i No 14 Guild r
land at, or at tlia efflee *»t tbe Eastern Ai t us. 16*3t
Excellent Business opportunity.
KINDLING WOOD business tor sale; well estab
lished regular run oi g oi payuw cus tmcr»;
hones w tgoux, and all appurteuauin p Meet or*
fle other bu*ine te son lb. se dug; i» m*ta»v.
ocl6-d.lt TAYLOR CO., 20 State St., Burton.
Ladies’& Gents’ Dining Suloou (or
S»ie
ATabargaiu, on a leading »Lorn ugh fa re; good
lx run of regular and rausient bnsiueps: «banco
eldom oftoied; satisfactory reas-un t r veiling.
TAl LOB O
octti 3t 20 State St., Boston, Mass.
Every Day, Sundays Excepted.
nOATPAlS I S »W(1 vests, Dfrd end Cleansed
U at FOSTER’S l.YE H'ltJSi-.. 24 DMllx ST.
early opposite Falmouth Hotel; Office 3.5 ctngieaw
treet.
Dyed Garments warranted no* to smut Garments
lean sew by the new steam rovers have the dv .n*
age ot nj» sbnnkii.g and all Boots, gita*»* etio g« n
tal detects EsriwLY removed. stpll-n«wAl Vv »&F
Portland Ovdensburg Railroad
Company.
Special rvleetinsr.
SEECIAl. MEET NQ or th' Stnekh da'k or
the Por land A t tg.l -nrburg Ra hoau Compa
y will bi he'd at the rffl e ot toe Com a >.co.»
or ot Middle and Plum strjers. in Port.ana. ou
l aid *v, i h slxueutti day ot October current, at
mi o’flock .AM.
1st. To de eimiDe lu what mauu^r the mean* for
lefurtb.r pro*ecntion et tLe work on tber>ad,
ud 1 r its equipmem. *hali bo raised, a.d o vote
le power Decenary (here for.
2nd. To transact any o.hrr business tint may le
iliy come beiore n em.
Per order ol tho Plree'ort.
CH nS. H. FOYE, CTE*>K.
Portland, October 2, 1871. oit 2 to 16
ED. B. ROBINSON,
CAlflOON BLOCK, PORTLAND, MK
Das the bole Agency tor the,
Celebrated “Webtr”
And the elegant
/cCitfWOy MirtO FORTES
AIji other first.class makers »r re la e I price.,
Busiuea, correspondence solicited t<f,,m'y
IF VOC WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
Gl. TO
‘aimer’s 132 Middle Street
'here you cmi g t h wide or narrow, full or s fna
oot. just the »i ith and lenetb tbit will 0. i-.syat
acelul, anil eji/ou tho iare luiary ol wearing a ter
itfllnngnoot. •ej.eti
8 PEH CENT.
OfOrBSALES ON
riday Sa.arday. Waaday. -ud T-.eday,
o« la.
Will bo donated to tho
Chicago Sufferers*
gyiloo »t I .west market price.
nVKl.Ii A VAIiFKT.D.y Goodsuml Wool,
s, cor. Congress and Biowu sis. uolAHt ig