LJ
ee
Amusements, eic., This Evening.
BAIA NINN A SA
Boorr's Tuxater.— Hamlet.” Edwin Booth.
FIFTH AVENUK Turater.—* Divorce.”
Qrand OPERA House. The Streets of New-York.”
Maye
Lia Epwr's THEATER. —Opera Boufte: “Le Pont
Des Seapirs.” Mile. Aimer.
Nino's GarpEN.— Our American Cousin.” Soth
mn
Orympic TusaTeER.— Humpty Dumpty.” Fox.
STADT THEATER. Berlin Exposition Company.
Union SQUARE THeATER.— Variety Company.
Wal1ACK'S THEATER. John Garth.” L. Wi
AcApEmMY OF Music, Brooklyn.—Concert. Sautley.
aTENway Haw. —Cencert, New-York Yocal So-
y
ST. Prmn’s Jarley's Wax Works.
Sass PraXxcmeo asL8.—Birch, Wambold, etc.
Expres Rove. P. T. Barnum's Museum, Moen
agerie, Hippedreme, and Circus. Day and Night
Naw-Yorgk Circus, Fourteenth-st., between Third
sad Foarth-aves
DR
Business Notices.
AAA AA
AAAS AAS III rn
BeNkDICT BROS,
171 Broadway.
Great barguns 8
DiAmog ne,
Ping WATCURA,
and
Rien JRWRLRY.
“Holiday Presents ot affection and charity,
foe wifs, wothar, mater, and frieal,
WarsLkE Witaon's Sewivi MACHINE,
Now 625 Broadway. Ee eM LE
ThuroAT APrEcTions AND Hoarsexess.—All
gnfering rom lrntation of the Throst and Hoaraeness will be agreeahly
oiprised at the almost tmmedivie relief adfordad by the use of Brown's

Buovcniat IROCHRS Er
STEINWAY AND Sons’
GRAND, 8QU ALE, AND UPRIGHT PIANOS.
O'1 Pianos taken 0 ~sehange.  lllustrated Catalogues sent trea on
APM Winnroons, Steinway Harn,
3 109mid 11d Kast Fourtcontbst. K. VT.
PORTABLE WINDOW VENTILATOR, MAINE'S,
private houses, offices. cle.) Fresh air; no draft; BOts any window.
‘ree. $5. Bend for circular. Uxpsru‘iL Co, 9% Duane-st.
Beautiful flowing hair for the holidays.
Cunvarann's Lis ror Tee Halk restores ray hair, stops its
out, \ncreases its growth. Recomwended by pbraiciave.
it
BarcuELons Hair Dre.—The best in the
world. lnstantescons, harmless, perfeci. Applied as Factory, No. 16
Yoodsh Mod everywhere.
Coreats Co.'s CASHMERE BOUQUET,
for the Holidays.
“Woob CARPETING, 480 Broadway.—This is
the oaly fleet covering that will wear 30 or3)vears.
ARTIFICIALITIES—PALMER LiMbs.
£8 Brotear, H. Ty 1060 Clostoubat, Pals, 3 Green at. Boston.
Tue REDEMCTION OF 5-20 BONDS
Br rus GOVERNMENT
eof which second installment of $20,000,000 bas been called in for
payment io March next—is rapidly poing on, releasing o large amount of
lowested capital, 8 large proporios of which mast sock reinvestment In
pabetantial securitics.
Wa offer and recommend the Six pen Cent Goro Boxps ory TAR
Cossaresxn a¥p ORS BATLEOAD COMPANY as among the SAFEST AND
MOST DESIRABLE SECURITIES TO DB RAD IN THES MARKET POR THE
BS URE INVESTMENT OF CAPITAL
A swall proportion ouly of tha loan now remains ansold, and the rein
veatment of the proceeds of mlwemsl Five Tweaties should sbeorb them
within short Lima.
Prescot price, M4 and accrued interval
In erest 4nd principal! payable io goid in New-York City. Interest May
1 ao! Nov Desominations $100, $60), sand $100, coupon of
Pagiateral
The popularity of, aod demand (or, the CexTraL Pacipic 6 PER CBX
BoLo Bowne, originally pat 0a the market by as, and now in demand
trom 3 to per cent premiom, adords as Ulustratien of the HIGH STAND
OV WHIOH TELS 0LASS OF BONDS, AMPLY SECURRD OF WELL-MANAGED
vp propuorive TONE Livss oF RAILROAD, MUST ALWAYS
BALNTAIN,
Wa bay «od sell, as agnal, Governm=ut and CexTrAL Pactric Boxps,
104 recsive them in exchanges for CHesAPRAKS AND Outo Bonps. Ac
wnats of Backs, Bankers, and others received, on which we allow in
pret. Orders for luvsstm ab Strks and Bonds executed at the Stock
Exchange Fisx Haren.
Hanvey Pax.
A 8 Harom,
TERMS OF THE TRIBUNE.

Pan v TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $10 per annum.
Kini-WegkLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $4 per an.
WELKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $2 per annum.
Advertising Rates.
Dany FRIBUNG: 30¢., 40¢., 50¢., 75¢., and 81 per line.
Qin WRgKLY RIBIINE, 35 and 50 cents per line.
ViekrLy RIBUNE, $2, $3, and $5 per line,
According to position in the paper.
‘Terma, cash in advauce.
Address. THE TRIBUNE. Xew-York.
New-Dork Daily ribune.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1871.

Tha reports aenoernivg the Prince of Wales wore less
favorable up to the hour of going to press. The
German Minister to Russa has been assaulted by the
Czarowitz, Another Ministerial crisisis threatened
(a Bpain. Beven persons have been injured by a
railroad acoident in France. The Telegraphers’
strike in England is a failure. The Spaniards re
iterate the old story from Havana that the Cuban insur
rection 1s at an end.

The Senate, yesterday, discussed the subject of Civil
BorvioaReform, Mr. Schurz speakmg at length, In
the Howe, a bill was introduced for the appointment of
three coOhmissioners to investigate the subject of the
hours am wages of workingmen, and the relations of
labor and wpital.
The Repuljcams of California have nominated Mr. Jar
gout for U. Bdenator, The Tennessce Legislature
bas fixed she nto of taxation, but has made no provision
Jor paying tbe .ntercst on the State debt. Berious
tharges of corruption are made against the Chicago Com.
mon Covocil, Bix inches ot gnow fell at Suratogu
yoaterday.
The Union 8quare and Eighth Nujopal Banks sus
pred ay ument, Bwall-pox is inreasing in New
ork and Brooklyn. The Franklin Mills at Pater
son, N. J, wera burned, involving low of $200,000
e=== (old, 109), 1094, 1084. Thermometer, ¢7°,
The young Grand Duke Alexis did a pleas
sunt and graceful thing when he sent $5,000
for the poor of New-York. He has enjoyed
his visit here, we are glad to learn, and nat
urally wants others beside himself to have
pleasant recollections of the occasion. His
gift, received in the same kindly spirit with
which it was sent, will make more friends for
she modest young scion of the Romanofls.
This is 8 discouraging story which we have
from Chicago, the city in which all parties,
fused by fire, united to elect “a good Muni
“cipal Government.” The newspapers charge
that several of the sub-officials just elected by
the Aldermen were obliged to pay money to
tocure the coveted places. Of course they did
i‘, since they now tell of it themselves. This
ia really too bad. We were hoping and ex
pecting great and good things of Chicago's
City Government, which has thus at the outset
giued for itself a Lud name. Fortunately,
Cling Gad aa Lou st and incurreptible Mayor
and other exaentiva ~fcora, who will he ahls
to uo much to check the Ring tendency which
lms been Bo soon developed in the legislative
firaneh


A new lobby has appeared in Washington.
There is already a great army of these influ
ences, but this one has no less than the re
turn of a hundred million dollars of cotton
tax for its object. One hundred million dol
lars is a good deal of money to divide among
weak brethren and sharp operators; but, un
less the cotton tax lobby has some better
reason for getting its money than the argn
ment that the tax was unconstitutional  be
enuse it fell upon one section of the coun
“orev it may as well close its business.
The Regular Correspondent of THe TriBUNE
at Rome, in a letter published to-day, gives
ns some account of the assembling of the
Italian Parliament at the new-old capital. An
Italian King in Rome is an event of great
moment; but for him to address there an
Italian Parliament is something worth an en
during record. If the King's speech were
mere platitudes, and the new hall of legisla
tion dark and dingy, these do not detract
from the impressiveness of the oceasion,
whieh is great with importance to Rome and
too New Italy
In the multitude of reports concerning the
condition of the Prince of Wales, we appear
to discern the fact that, though rallying
slightly yesterday and the day before, bis
favorable symptoms do not continue. It seems
almost impossible that he can recover, though
the signs of his mending have been encour
aging up to the issue of the last bulletin.
American readers will be shocked to learn
that some Loudon circles affect to believe that
reports of the Prince's ilinesa have been ex
aggerated purposely to create sympatby for
him. Such a suspicion i$ uncharitable and
offensive, to use the mildest expression.
From Cuba we have the ancient story of the
surrender of innumerable insurgents at Laas
Tunas. This ingenious falsehood does not im
prove by age, and to it is added the gratuitous
information that fifteen thousand insurgents
have surrendered during the past year. We
are not sure of the exact number, but we have
an impression that the Spaniards claim to have
killed about ten thousand rebels, and, as they
admitted the existence of only eight thousand
insurgents in the first instance, it must be scen
that the Cuban rebellion is pretty effectnally
stamped out by this time—if the Spanish
authorities are to be believed.
2
One class of claimants under the Treaty of
Washington is of persons who seek to hold
the Government of the United States liable
for acts committed upon the persons or prop
erty of British subjecta by Rebels, The first
important decision of the Commission now
sitting at Washington is to disallow a claim
of this kind. It is held that the United States
is not liable for injuries committed by Rebels
over whom they could exercise no control, and
whose acts they could not prevent. ‘This dic
tum will give satisfaction in this country, and
it must have been reasonably expected by all
candid observers.
The story of the “Gratzes” ia once more
taken up, this morning, in our columns, and to
such purpose that the profits of Referee lawyers
in the future may be expected to make on less
brilliant showing. But are the members of the
profession, while gladly accepting the help of
Tur TRIBUNE in the battle for Judicial Reform,
doing all they might to help themselves?
Shall not the Committee of the Bar Associa
tion, have before it by the holidays such facts
as shall warrant the Legislature, on its first
working day after New-Yeur's, in taking the
preliminary ateps for the unpeacliment of our
uniust Judees
Whatever may be said of reform in public
affairs outside of the city, Now-York is prov
ing that it is alive to the importance of more
immediate investigations. The Bar Assoeia
tion is moving in the matter of correcting the
shameful abuses of some of the Courts, and ia
ready to show the public what is suffured in
the way of extortions. The (imatz” business
will not be neglected. Quarantine oppressions
and their remedy have at last stirred up the
merchants, who yesterday took steps to push
to the wall the robbers of New-York commerce
and, to titly supplement this action, the Joint
Committee of the Vesssl-Owners’ and Captains’
Associations made a report yesterday which
substantiates all that Tue TriIRUNE has charged
against the Harbor-Masters. It is shown that
£1,000,000 is annually stolen from the com
merce of New-York, and that the blackmail
levied upon shipmasters and owners is some
thing tremendous. These several steps in the
direction of vital and searching reform are
encouraging and inspiviting. We have endured
harpies and their extortions long enough, and
Tue TrisuNg, haviog done its share to origi
nate and press the work of reformation, may
be pardoned for a natural rejoicing that at
last it 18 receiving reénforcement from such
nowerful allies.
1
WHO TRIES TO CRIPPLE INVESTIGATION?
The U. S. Sepate spent yesterday in debate
as to whether the late Retrenchment Commit
tee should be revived, with such power of in
vestigation as It heretofore posscased. The
strict Administration Senators tried to
prevent it, and permitted themselves to
assume the ettitude of opposing lib
eral powers for investigating official cor
ruption, because they believed it was in
tended to use them against the Administra.
tion. There was nothing wrong, they argued,
which the Administration itself did not take
the promptest measures to expose and punish.
Therefore there should be no such investiga
tion with power over persons and papers as
that whieh, last year, began considering the
affairs of the New-York Custom-House.

At the very houe this debate was going on
the bank troubles here. were dragging to light
the astounding fact that Mr, Wm. Callender,
the United States Bank Examiner for this
District, has been in the habit of bLorrowing
very large sums of money from the banks on
duty to report, aud suppressing the fact
of such loans iu his reports, whereon
the public have accredited those banks as
sound! From one he had received seventy.
five thousand dollars; from another fifteen or
twenty thonsard in each his worthless mem.
orandwn obecks had absolutely been reported
and cougted as legal tender and it is feared
that the oud of this wretched work is not yet
reached.
whose it is
Messrs. Senators! you mistake the temper of
tbe times! Till yesterday the public knew
nothing of this Callender; but they fear there
aro more Callendors in office! We protest
against the wauton aud stupid injury you do the
ATIT TORK DANY TRIBUNE TIIURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1871.
Administration hy placing 16 in the attitnae
of seeming to shrink from the fulleat and
most relentless scrutiny. You cannot make
fish of Demooratie eorruptionists, and flesh of
their Republican rivals. If there is corruption
anywhere, out with it! Wo insist that
you cease stabbing Gon. Grant in the
back by opposing in his name investigations
which he and every true friend of his and of
the Republican party must want pushed to the
utmost. Hunt down the Callenders and mark
avery man their ally who tries to screen them
from the hunt!


In spite of the COMPLINCILY CACLRATEEE T=
tween Berlin and St. Petersburg on every
occasion of ceremony, it is evident that a
constantly inereasivg coolness exists between
the Courts of the Emperors of Germany and
Russia. The tono of paternal affection assumed
Ly the uncle and the attitude of reverence
and esteem affected by the nephew aro plainly
destitute of any heartiness. It is clearly
recognized in both Cabinets that there are
several important questions bow pending which
are pregnant of the gravest possibilities to the
two colossal monarchies. The cordial der
standing botween Austria and Prussia Fives
‘the latter Power for the first time an
“especial interest in preserving the present
status on the lower Dumuube, The proba
bility that the Andrassy Cabinet may
attempt to put an end to the Panslavistic agi
tation in Austria, by granting a fuller liberty
to the Poles of Galicia, naturally excites tho
jealous susceptibility of the Russian Govern
ment, who fear that such action may spread
into their own borders the contagion of dis
content and revolt. The threatening con
dition of affairs on the Baltle we have already
adverted to. While among all these questions
there is as yet none which gives reason to ap
prehend an immediate suspension of amicable
relations, yet taken altogether they ave
cnough to tinge the intercourse of the
two governments with a certain shade of dis
trust and resorve. The calamity to Europe
and to civilization which would result from a
collision between the two greatest military
powers iu the world, is a sufliciont guarantee
of the intentions of the statesmen of both
Courts to avoid every unnecessary pretext of
misunderstanding. It may fairly be presumed
that only the pressure of a strong public opin
ion, or of an irresistible national tendency,
oould force Russia and (Germany into war.
One oi those grotesque incidents, trivial in
themselves but absurdly important in view
of attending circumstances, which sometimes
prove the occasiop of great events, is to-day
reported from St. Petersburg, The Czaro
witch Alexander, a young man whose temper
is said to be stronger than his judgment, on
Tuesday committed the insufferable folly and
vulgarity of personally assaulting the Prince of
Reuss, Kmbassador of Germany in Russia. The
discussion which led to this extraordinary con
clusion is smd to have had no political sig
nificance. It was probably, as is usual with
the disputes of princes and diplomats, a
matter of wino or cards. But it is scarcely
possible that so disgraceful a scene between
the heir to the throue of all the Russias and
the representative of the Ewperor of Germany
should not bring with it at leust a wg,
coolness between ths two Courts. i
Henry VIL of Reass is one of the most bril
liant and promising of the younger
school of Continental diplomatists, The
late Emperor of France was so pleased with
his address and demeanor, in a visit which
the Prince made to Paris a few years ago,
that he set on foot an intrigue to replace
with him the able and faithful Count de
Golte. The intrigue failed through the resist
ance of Bismarck, and the Prince waa soon
after appointed to St. Petersburg. Ie has
made the most favorable impression there, It
is bard to sce low ho can remain any longer
at a post whare such an affront has been
put upon him. He cannot, consistently with
diplomatic traditions, challenge the Czaro
witch. A reconciliation under the cirocum
stances would seem almost equally difficult.
Whether he goes or stays, the result of the
passage-at-arms will not be to the advantage
of the good understanding between Russia and
Germany. If a mild snubbing administered to
Benedetti at Ems wus, as Napoleon thought,
reason enough for a great war, it would not
be easy to compute the proper reparation due
for a blow by which the eye of Germany was
constructively pat in mourning.
The gratification with which Loncat men
contemplated the victory of the 7th of Novew
ber was marred by the reflection that one of
the most shameful wrongs of our municipal
system remained untouched. It was not much
to have driven five or six thieves out of the
city treasury while the corrupt judiciary which
had enabled Tweed, and Connolly, and Fisk,
aud Gould to keep their ill-gotten power so
long still flaunted its bedraggled robes upon
the dishonored bench. People in Europe, who
bad watched our battle against fraud, pointed
to the courts, where corruption flourished in
ita most dangerous and infamous shape, and
asked if this was what we meant by reform,
leaving the fountain of justice poisoned at its
source, while we made frantic efforts to purify
some of the smaller streams which tricklo from
it? They reminded us that the uprightneas of
the judiciary was the only secarity for the
suffrage, for personal liberty, for the rights of
property. When the courts dispensed injustioo
for a price, the foundation of our whole politi
cal system was undermined,
Shall we bear this reproach any longer!
There 8 no reatonable doubt about the facts,
We have pointed out the gnuiltiest of the
judges time and again, and the corruption of
the New-York courts is so notorious that the
names of some of the justices have become
by-words to illustrate the mischief of an elec.
tive judiciary. The various Erie litigations,
for three or four years past, havé been little
more than a record of judicial misdemeanors.
The Supreme Court of the State has prosti
tuted itaelf to the service of vulgar swindlers,
and has hardly attempted even to conceal ita
shame. To enable Mr. James Fisk, jr., to got
hold of property which did not belong to him,
one judge is reported to bave held a lit de
justice in a house of ill-fame, and is known to
buve issued oppressive orders of eourt by
means of the telegraph. No chicanery was so
infumous that the court would not pagticipate
in it, for the sake of the Erie Ring; no scheme
of legal robbery waa too monstrous to be ratified
by this vile tribunal. Under the auspices of
the same court, the referee system has been
organised for the despoiling of clients und the
profit of fhe bench. Estates have been thrown
into the hands of receivers, for no reason
whatever except that the judge might pillage
them by the agency of his “Gratz,” and the
scandal has become #0 groat that it has been
embodied in a popular nick-name. A fow
Joars ago wo published startling aceount of
poive'RLY PUGILISTS.
JUDICIAL BRBIPKORM
tha manner in hich tha ansity of “00 T=
frage waa attacked by the manufacture of
fraudulent naturalization papers in the
Supreme and Superior Courts. We showed
who the criminals were and how they per
petrated the outrage; and if Tammany bad
not then been all powerful, signal punishment
must have followed the exposure.” The evil has
since been abated but the offenders are still
on the bench, and: the frauds may at any
time be renewal.


Reform of the judiciary is now the pressing
duty of the hour,—more important even than
the prosecution of Tweed, Connolly, and Hall,
and not second in consequence to the renovi
tion of our city charter. The means of reform
are within casy reach. It is for the Bar
Association to move first. Members of the
profession have knowledge of the miscon
duct of more than one of the judges, and
can substantiate with well attested facts
the charges, which are mow in everybody's
mouth. Thofr committee should frame definite
accusations and prepare testimony; and then
‘the Legislature can act at once. There are
two methods of proceeding. Impeachment can
originate in the Assembly by a vote of a ma
jority of all the members elocted. The court
to try it will consist of the President of the
Senate, a majority of the Senators, and a ma
jority of the Judges of the Court of Appeals,
and a vote of two-thirds of all the members
present will be necessary to conviet.
Meanwhile the impeached oflicers will
bo suspended. If the moro direct but
more dangerous expedient of a simple
resolution of removal should be preferred, the
State Constitution provides that “Justices of
the Supreme Court and Judges of the Court
“of Appeals may be removed by concurrent
resolution of both houses of the Legislature,
“if two-thirds of all the members elected to
“tho Assembly, and a majority of all the
members elected to the Senate, concur there
“in;” and that other judicial officers, except
justices of the peace and judges and justices
of courts that are not courts of record, “may
“be removed by the Senate on the recom
mendation of the Governor.” The accused
is entitled to be heard in his own defense,
‘and the Legislature naturally has not full
facilities for preparing the case; but the Bar
Association has, and upon that body, conse
quently, our hopes of action depend. More
than the necessary majority of the Senate and
Assembly for cither course of action belongs
at least in namo to the party of reform, and
will feel bonnd to give proper attention to
any charges that are properly presented. Now,
then, gentlemen of the Bar, will you furnish
your Committee with the abundant facts in
your posseasion? Do you really want a pure
judiciary? Or do you want your profession
dograded to the position of pimps for these
judicial prostitutes? The case the Bar Asso
ciation is able to make up for the Legislature,
from the notorious facts in the possession of half
the lawyers in the city, will be the sufficient
ANNWET, yo
M. Louis Agassiz's letter to Prof. Pierce on
the eve of his embarkation to explore the un
known sea-depths, in which he prophesies what
new mysteries Nuture will hold for him there,
reminds us of a story we once heard, of a
poor Swiss lad, who, refusing to learn how to
turn a penny by his father’s trade, began
alone and unaided to spell out the alphabet
of Nature in rocks, and birds, and beasts.
The knowledge did not promise to help him
on ome whit among his ncighbors; did not
put shoes on his feet, or salt in his porridge;
a comfortable home and successful business
waited for him, but he chose to go wandering
through the Alps, hatchet in hand, and often
but a sou in pocket, a sum so little,” he said,
when my hunger was so big!” So, hungry
and half-clothed, he followed for years
the half-effaced signa of this unknown lan
guage, which he fancied God had spoken and
“not men, as a child might trace the footsteps
of a Jost mother. At last he made his way to
London, to Sir Roderick Murchison, who, he
thought, could belp him. “Well, Sir, what do
“you know 1" demanded the great naturalist,
noting his beardless chin and ruddy cheeks.
“4 think—" hesitated the lad, “a little about
“fishes.” That night, at a meeting of the Royal
Society, Sir Roderick held up a covered package.
“I bave here,” he said, “a fish which ex
isted in such an era”—some time long before
Adam was born, and proceeded to state the
exact conditions and position in which it was
found. “Can our young friend, who knows
something about fishes, tell us anything
ghout it?” Whereupon the Swiss boy promptly
drew upon the black-board a skeleton mon
ster, of which the real one, when uncovered,
proved to be the exact duplicate, and then the
old graybeards present recognized him as one
of themselves, and gave him place, very much
as the kings in Hades rose to receive Napo
leon.
Tho littla story bears upon one significant
fact: that the unworldly, simple-hearted man,
who went out last week to prove for the second
time that he ‘knew something about fishes,”
bas conquered hights in life, and a certain
place in the world’s esteem which no accident.
of birth, no money, no warlike victory, could
have given him. Our reason for telling the
story is thal it seems to us a moat needed and
wholesome tonic for young men and the fathers
of young men to stop short sometimes and re
member that there are careers and victories in
the world with which money or power bas
absolutely nothing to de. It is a truth almost
incredible to us, so little does it enter into the
daily routine of any of our lives. How
moat effectively to get money, power, or
social rank, ia the basis of all plans for boys,
from their birth to their starting in life. Even
the man who devotes himself to save his fel
low men by preaching Christ's gospel, aims at
a certain standing in his sect, a better salary,
approximate reputation to that of a Beecher
or a Brooks, Self-development, selfaggran
dizement, is the mainapring of most human
machines. To the ordinary citizen, Smith,
whose brain is full of his shop or briefs, and
the place in society he means to achieve for
hia wife and the little Smiths, thia talk of am
phipods and dysasters to be found in the bot
tom of the sea is so much childish gibberish.
What have dysasters to do with the world or
its real business? The higher education must
begin in the cradle, which will teach a boy to
despise money, and the good it commands
to find in coming close to Nuture’s face, and
reading there the messages which age after
age has left for him, clues to the yot unread
secreta of Creation or Death, a nobler use for
life than in the rise of muslins or fall in
pork, or even in buying 8 house with modern
conveniences for himself and family. Mouey
getting and the strife for social rank are in
00 country in the world so ahaorbing and
universal a passion as hore. There are signs
of a hopeful change, it is true: a growing
taste for and delight in beautiful or curious
olyecls. We Duy pictues and found

nrrr-sfFA DREDGING.
masenme, tnt the men who aacrifios their
lives and all pecuniary advantage to science
or art among us are rare. NO Miillers
or Humboldts, as yet, bave been born in the
United States. But before long, we believe,
clear-sighted men will covet for their children
studies and careers which remeve them out of
the groove of ordinary ambitions, and the
chicanery of trade. A man brought daily face
to face with tho beautiful shapes or the awful
mysteries of Nature, grows insensibly um
worldly, single-minded, noble in his relations
to other men. Searching for infinite truth, the
vulgar tricks of money-making seem as far off
to him as the washed debris on the beach to
Agassiz in his deep-sea soundings.
er. dr
There is a story of a shrewd agent who
tried vainly to buy the great naturalist for a
winter's lectures. “Why, sir, you will make
more money than by ten years of this work,”
he reasoned. “But I have noi the time to
make money,” said Agassiz. When will that
generation of Americans be born who will
not have time to make money, and who will
prefer deep-sea dredging to building houses of
sand on the shore?
The escape of Charles Moore, the emigrant
robber, from the clutches which justice once had
on him is a disgrace to the Police, the District
Attorney, and the Judges. They have virtually
been parties to the compounding of an infamous
felony, and must expect to be held responsible
for the erime. Moore was not prosecuted by
the District-Attorney at all; he made no earn
est effort to convict him, as in the cases of his
fellow criminals. The Police permitted him to
escape, and though it is morally certain that
the Detectives knew where he was, no effort
was made by them to arrest him. Finally,
when his frightened bondsman compelled
Moore's roturn, Judges Cardozo and In
graham consented to a trick of the law by
which the only witness against the thief was
spirited out of the city. Now this man Moore
is yet to go through the form ef a trial before
Recorder Huckett or Judge Bedford. We urge
that neither of these Judges shall make him
self a party to this infamous transaction by
which justice is cheated, but that they shall
insist that the delinquent District-Attorney
shall make an effort to secure the return of
the witness Kornach. Let Moore be kept in
prison at least as long as his victim was de
tained while efforts are making to secure the
evidence which his friends have sent out of
the way. Kornach, we understand, has gone
to Indiana or Illinois; we shall be obliged for
any information of his new address, with the
view of securing his return to prosecute this
dangerous criminal.
Ono of the most suggestive contributions yet made
to the discussion, now in progress, as to the proper
method of governing New-York, waa the article in
The North American Review for October, by Mr.
Charles Nordhoft, It has just been reprintéd in
pamphlet form by the American News Company, and
its suggestions throw such atlood of light upon the
theory, now apparently most likely to receive the
next trial, that it deserves wide circulation among
all who are giving thought to the subject, and
particularly among all who may be called on, in any
way to shape a decision. Briefly, Mr. Nordboff in
sists that the people of New-York should be left to
govern themselves, and that they should be aided to
this end by having a system prepared which would
vest power mainly in the hands of the Mayor and
‘Common Council, the Mayor being thus held respon
sible by the constituents, who at the end of
the year would pass upon his administration, for the
character of all his appointments, and the result of
his work as Chief Executive, while the Councilmen
would be held responsible in like manner for their
discharge of legislative duties. Mr. Nordhoff be
lieves the main trouble of our present system to be
that, while the people really want to be honestly
governed, they are so bewildered by the multitude
of officers to be elected, and the division of reaponsi
bility, that they are unable to decide who is at fault,
or to vote in such a way as to secure reform.
We have not been exerting ourselves to any re
markable extent to secure the election of anybody
to the Clerkship of our State Senate. But when we
casnally mention that Mr. William G. Weed 18 a can
didate, but will not probably stand a first-rate
chance of election, because he has not been in office
ever since he was old enough to hold one, we seem
to have struck a sensitive chord, and the supporters
of Mr. Terwilliger of the Custom-House make such
a disturbance that it would seem that they regard
the innocent remark as personal. Well, we only
know of Mr. Weed that he was Chairman of the
Albany Republican Committee in the Johuson times,
and that he has never got forgiveness for it from
those who then deserted the party, snd are
now viciously snapping at his heels; that in the
campaign conducted by his Committee the Repub
licans made the best showing there they have had
for many a year; that he was the unopposed candi
date of his party for Clerk of the House last year,
and that he has the support of The Albany Evening
Journal and other court organs. But perhaps he
isn’t a good man for the place. Certainly he doesn't
enjoy the qualification of having been in office all
his life—which was our original observation, and
which we are bold to maintain.
Let New-York take courage. Official corruption is
not exclusively ajlocal affliction; it has appeared in
Chinas, where it has already manifested violent
symptoms. An onerous tax in the province of Chi-li
was remitted by an Imperial edict, on aec
count of the poverty of theo people, who
had been harassed by rebel raids. The sub
ofticinl disregarded the order; those who
remonstrated were shamefully handled, and one of
them, who now petitions the Throne, says that he
was locked in a cage, given 50 blows with the large
bamboo and 210 with the amall bamboo, mulcted
in several fines, and otherwise oppressed. A
curions item of the extortions practiced
on one of the recalcitrant tax-payers was
compelling him to pay $63 for an eating
house bill for his tormentors. In New-York the
bill would not have been so modest, and would have
been charged as stationery” or hack-hire.” It is
some satisfaction to know that the Imperial censor
brought all the facts before the Brother of the Sun
and Moon, and that it is likely to go hard with the
Ring of Chi-li.
on their feet, anxious to state how much chey loved tholy
denr laborers, and thers was great confusion. Mr. Ran
dall went over to Mr. Hoar's desk as an embnasador from
the Democratic aide, to maks terms aboat the do nts
The result of his mission was that Mr. Hoar resmmnd the
floor and said that he bad no desire to limit discussion
‘The morning hour having expired, the bill went over,
The House then went into Committea on the Appoe
Heavens! Here is George Francis Train at Mem
phis, imparting all sorta of instruction to colored
people in the shape of lectures. “I have always
been your friend,” said George; ‘‘and what is the
reason that so few of you (only 24] are present,
when I only charge you 10 cents, and the other night
I charged you a doilar? Can any of you colored
men tell me the reason of tins?!” *“Yos, we can,”
said one of the dusky auditors, speaking for the rest;
“you called us cocoa-nuts in the newspapers.”
George Francis, great traveler as he is, has lived in
Oriental regions, and may know what, in the lan
guage of fruits, a ococoa-nut implies. lle may have
meant by his metaphor to be complimentary; but he
must now understand that in lavishing the wealth
of his imagination upon prosaic audiences he may
run the risk of being unpleasantly misunderstood.
Ah! if George would but put a martingale on bis
tongue, what a oharmingly inoffensive man he would
ha!
tionment bill, and agread to close the dahate in an hour.
Mr. Kerr made 8 clear and convincing argument Mm sup.
port of bis position that the Fourteenth Amendweul
was only intended to prevent the States from denyiog
suffrage to classes of citizens for any quality which is in
berent im their persons, aud coustitules s part
of their individuality, afl was uever in
tended to deprive the States of the right w
secure the purity of elections by requiring
residence, Intelligence, or the puyment of pollaax,
ans qualification for the franchise. Afterward the
House was greatly relisved by a discovery of Mr. Blug
pam that, it deduotions were mule, and the representa
tive population of the severul States, ascortained by the
aid of the tables of persons excluded trom vofing fur
nished from the Ceusas Office, no Stata would lose rop
resentative. Mr. Cox, who had been olpherjog for s ball
hour, denied this, and said that Rhode Island would lose
one, but it turned out that he hall taken the Lasts of rep
reacntation as secured by Mr. Metvur, whils Mr. Bing.
ham had worked out his resnits ip acoordance with Mr.
Farnsworth’s bill. Tha vexatious constitutional (ues:
Willard and
tion was joytully dropped. Mr.
The Union League of Philadelphia, at its sonual
meeting on Monday avening, passed a series of res
olntions complimentary to Mr. George H. Boker,
who leaves the seeretaryahip of tbe League to accept
the office of Minister to Conatantinopls. Mr. Boker
i a good patriot and a cultivated gentleman, and in
his now position we have no doubt eb’ wul ro.
eet crodut upon bus vountiy
several other able lawyers sald In cou
versation that it was clear that a proper
{uterpretation of thejFourteenth Amendment would de
prive Biates thas bad property or tax qualifications for
suffrage of all representation tn the Houde, except one
momber each. But they kuow that the Houas nover
would act upon this conclusion, couvinead of ita cor
1o0tuoes. and they Lueroloro acquicavod iu loltiug the
XLIIp CO CONG RERR—IIn 8 Smaston
A SUBSTITUTE OFVERED FOR MR. TRUMBULL'S
BILL—MR. SCHURZ ON THE NEW-TORK C08
TOM-HOUSE ABUSES—A BOARD OF LABOR
COMMISSIONERS PROPOSED IN THE HOUSS.
(BY TRLEBGRAPH TO THR TRIBUNR|
WasHingTON, Wodnesday, Dec. 13, 1071.
Nothing was plainer, when the Senate ad.
journed this afternoon, than that Mr. Trumbull’s ressla
tion for the revival of the Retrenchment Commities is
doomed to fail, and that the substitute agreed upon is
caucus, making new Senate Standing Committes of
Retrenchment and Investigation, withous soy of the
extraordinary powers enjoyed by the old Joins Commit
tee on Retrenchment, will be elected in its piace. The
debate on this question, which opcupled the whole day,
waa, on the whole, somparatively free from bitier per
sonalities, and will place all parties before the country ia
the light of their own choice. After the customary quota
of bills, petitions, resolutions, etc., had besn presented,
Mr. Anthony, the Chairman of the Repnblican caucus,
offered the resolution which had been prepared by 3an
ator Morton, and agreed to by the majority of the Repub
lican Senators. It provides for the election of a commit.
teo of five members, to be known as the Committees on


Retrenchment and Investigation, whose duty it shall be
to Inquire into and report on all topics which may be re.
ferred to It. It will he seen that this resolution falls
far short of what Mr. Trumbull and those who supportad
114 resolution wanted. It has no power to liold mectings
in the recess, no power to originate an investigation,
and no power to send for persons and papers.
In order to infuse into such a committee the life that
would make it valuable in the cause of reform, Mr.
Trumbull immediately moved an smendment, ombody
ing the substance of his former resolution, it being con
coded on all hands that a Senate Cowmmittas would be
better than a Joint Committes. “The debate opened ab
once on giving the added powers to it. Mr. Trumbdull led
off in support of ms resblution, and was followed by
sherman in opposition, bis chiet point being
that it was dangerous to confer upon a Stand
ing Committee of the Senate such extraordinary powers
as Mr. Trumbull’s resolution proposed. At the sama
time he assured Mr. Trumbull that if, at any time, thy
committee felt the need of the increased power, it woul 1
bo conferred upon them femporarily by a vote of tue
Senate. The morning hour expired, and Mr. Edwunia
had the floor on Mr. Trumbull’s original resolution. Tue
Senator from Vermont said that bo had learned (rom
Tr NEW-YORK TRIBUNE, a day or two ago, that when
he last spoke on this subject be made a pretty heavy
failure of ity” and the Senator seemed to think that the
criticism waa a just one, for, though he made two short
speeches, he did not essay to speak again in defens: of
the management of the New-York Cuatom-Houne.
The telling speeches of the day were made hy Senators
Schurz and Conkling the former, to show the necessity
of having a committee with the powers of the old Rs
trenchment Committee, reviewed the history of the Gen
eral Order business in New-York, and showed how, ia
spite of the protesta of the merchants of that city, in
spite of a report condemning the Aystom made
by a special commission sent to Now York
by Soeretury Boutwell, in &pita of tha report
of the lato Retrenchment Committee, and the
sworn testimony taken before it, which had been 10 the
hauds of the Government since the 3d of last March,
and, finally, in spite of the public declaration of Bacre
tary Boutwell that he did not approve the change
that has been made under the present Administration,
the abuse still covtinued, and the merchants were daily
robbed for the benefit of some unknown person, and the
robbery is still sustained by a power that seema to ba
greater than that of the Secretary of the Treasury him
self, though he admitted that no testimony had been ob
tained which pointed to the White House. While such
abuses a8 this continued, the Senator thought tliat thee
was need of some such committea as Mr. Trumbuil’s
amendment contemplated to refuse to have such a com
Jpistee now would either be to say that abuses have
coased, or that the Senate did wrong in previous Con
grosses.
Mr. Conkling’s speech waa the strongest mado on that
side of the question. He claimed that Mr, Schurg’s ar:
gument proved nothing, since the investigation he olted
was ordered by a resolution of the Senate, and then went
on to enlarge oun the pointa which had previously been
mado by Sherman and others. The only striking part of
his speech waa that in which, in a very guarded way, ho
accused Mr. Schurz of having some object other than a
desire for reform in pushing so hard for the extraor:
dinary powers for the Committee.

Mr. Morton, in a speech, later in the afternoon, repeated
this charge more explicitly, sayiug that the whole drs
of the debate was an assault on the Administration, aud
an attempt to create the impression that it was very
corrupt, while he asserted and no one denied that it was
freer from frauds than any prior one.
Another day's debate will probably take piace bafors a
voto ia reached, and then Mr. Trumbull’s resolution will
be voted down by about 33 to 25. While all of those who
sustained the caacus]resolution to-day claimed to be
auxious to have every abuse probed to the bottow,
the impartial-}stéfer Sould not fail to see that they sro
8ot E%ious to have an indepénddhl edfimittcs inqulr
ing into all of the secret machinery of the Government,
unless they know beforehand just what is going to Le
investigated, and how far the inquiry is to go. They
bave a decided majority in the Senate, and they are uu
willing to give up the power of deciding what shall be
inquired into and who shall make the examination.
At the oponing of the session of the Homse, Mr. Counar
wanted to know who the Governors of the Territories
are, and whether any of them aro traveling broad or
otherwise neglecting their duties, but some one ou tho
Republican side objocted to his resolution calling for this
information.
Mr. Hoar reported from the Committed on Education
and Labor his bill providing for the appointment ots
Board of Commissioners to collect information reapect
ing the hours and wages of labor in the Uuited Sjates,
and supported it by a brilliant little speech u advocasy
of some recognition on the part of Congress of the claims
of the workingmen for protection by legislation
against the eombiuations sud monopolies orgauized
by capital. He defended the International B8a
ciety, und, speaking of the Paris Commune, seid
tho world was bound to tuke notice of principles foe
which men cheerfully laid down their lives, as the Com
munists did. He wanted a day set in January for the
full consideration of his Lill; but Mr. Fernando Wood
and Mr. Kerr, who had not listened to his apeccb, and
aaw nothing in the bill but a proposition to creato thmo
or four new offices, promptly objected. This gave Mr,
Dawes a capital opportunity to make the Demooriutio
aide of the House appear in an attitude of opposing A
measure for the benefit of the workinzmen, which boat
once improved. He said thers was no subject mn the
near future loowing up like that of the relations of
Labor and Capital; that it was time this was ronlized, and
that parties stopped making professions and commenosd
doing something. He waa sorcy to ses tha DnmoorMs
ware opposed to taking action in behalf of the laboring
clasaen.) Tut Drmoerel at onee saw that they hadmalde
a serious Didfder, and Mr, Kerr, (nan excited maaner,
insisted on having the foor to explain is position. Mr.
Hoar, who still controlled the floor, refused to give Err
any time; but after allowing some farther champion
ship of workingmnen by Messi. Shanks and Kelly on the
Republican side, he permitted Mr. Stocm, a Depo ratio
member of the Committee, to support the Pesojution tn
five-minutes appeal. More than a dozen Democrats were