THE CHICAGO CALAMITY.
a et A
Continued from First Page.
of aioe for and in bebs!f of the City of Brooklrs to the amount
®1.0% each. pava’le 1m one year from the date thereot
with thereon at seven he feat per annum le semi-annually.
and lo forthwith sll emme a noel b PA f 1d
of $100 000 sai o less thay par, and baving rained a8
lt bg said francic] office re are herebe directed to forthwith {ar
the sam* 10 cash, or tle nc sxiries of life, to such officers of the
City of Chicago as said fina. ca! Aes of the eity, after advisement, find
to he the proper author tim there fo receive pi disburse the same. for
he relief of the prople of that 1 «dering Irom the recent conflagration
Resolved, Thal we here iv ied: the faith of tbe City of Brooklyn to
Vor sad certificates of jude litetne s, ard that we call spon the Logis:
re of the Nate. at its next oss on 0 make valid in ail respects the obli
Galion beroby sought to he ax-iin:
The resolutions were 1 mediately approved by Mayor
Kalbfleinch, and A telegram wad gent to the Mayor of
<Chioago informing hon ul iv action of the Council. The
anoney was forwarded af noe, $50,000 having been ad
vanced on the checks of Martin Kalbficisch and 850,000
on the joint checks ot William C. Kingsley. Teanc Van
Anden, Alexander McCuc, and Edward Harvey. At the
Mayor's office the fo Howiik subscriptions to the relief
Yiund were reported anthony Morch. #5: M. J. Morrow,
$25; John Rhodes. $50; toinl, gs0. The Med hanics’ and
(Traders Exchang A~sociition asks the trade agsocia
tions to meet to-day for the purpose of contributing to
~the fund. The managers of the Brooklyn and Park The
eterna will announce perfornnees for the benefit of the
sufferers. The Board of Allermen has called a pubhe
meeting at the Academy of Muse this evening. Mavor
sbgeisch will preside. an! addresses will he made by
Luaghlia. ihe Rev. HOUCY Ward Beecher, Judge
Qi oCue, the Ho. Wil ome DeWitt, Joshaa M. Van Cott
tuud others
WaT THE STOCK FXCHANGE—$20,000  CON
TRIB TED,
In the midat of ihe rightful excitement that

ramp characterized the stood Exchange, the thoughts of
mehts of
2 membaon were per tor bunanity and charity, realizing
soa their world-wide mo puiaiion for RELETOSItY At the
wirst aexsion of the EXC Vinee, and when the xeite ment
o ‘0
waa At Ito hight. the Board wae called to order by
JYresudent. Mr. Che ult the digaster Jed er 3 its
fealing torts. he folio AB IGE Re wled to ln
Resobeed That it be recommen iid a Nuon wis then read:
\atruct the Treosur r of the Bond to par over fo Vg Comm tiee to 10
Roe sam of $20 50, a8 the cou'r bai on of the N y 3 suthontics
«and if ther En! that tue fu noes of tie Board will admit ek Ezchange;
jaama be 1acTeaR ip ther disertion to $50,000 for the rel Xe Til
ters by the recent fre 0 Unicage. with the expression Fi y Shequter.
roth of tia prem hers for LoJisiress 1 Lo hn of the sincere 8m
Fo axed s+ ug calamity with which their city
The Governing Como tree will mee
apon the recommend ition of the 2s tndat aul Bi
Al probably be Wasson NET y Fh) oney
wi probaly be ira y the Mayor of Chicago.
AT TRE PROD: Fo HACE 377,007 SUB
Notice an 1 "rT 1 3
of ap im Too ta meeting was eiren
ated at 120 pM al +h» members of the Ex
nange throughout to 1 ung. Upon assembling in
10 mee ing rool, J. H. Reed caded them to order, aud
afew words stated the object for which they hg 1
mbied. Mr. Boyiiom ian read the Y Jae as
IO e following re
Jrsrboed That a comn ver he smowirted to obtain 3
Bry hN re 5 mem’ ere of this Re Spy di) pon go fo
wiih any yr comm. prouted i Ny €o
amilar Purp "oy vied in the City of 2 ew-York for
Resolved Trai said comm tee be requested 10 for 3
rt udm (h Amount rated snd thal rh Treasur WTB ot their earl
pe sathor and 10 aFELCC to the co vee the x Chanye
we re mb wan from the SQ SCT tote Pees oh ed de the sae
Considerable dizenssion 1 owed the readi
mn
Fasoiub vii, Oe Wel er mos iE that the ating of The
Ded in the Daa clause shot! increased to $15.00. Th Le
waa ured bY 8 large number, but the authorization of
JHE payin ul of any Wi wey by the Treasurer was Rally
gesmissl fered and the macter 172 10 the personal sub
A me of the meinbers. The following meu In In
Rare 1 all t a tee to receive subsoripe
sobn MH on Klwand Crome 1 I. R Shs cha
Masten W sm Blspe 1 he a J Ta Hews cx. A
coramo Kool Mantoe Tae Jobin Dozierter As S LT Browy
Aa 5 ee 2x A 1 Mot Jos ad W Fiat of. ¥eed
nil liam pa, Lewis Hod i
het 3 wtinls Baxter, Leung: Poni Tuowas Perry, sad Fredenck
Ina=hort t 3 low ne subsceriptd
t time the v ng subscriptions were re


Coli
Armoor.
eoved
B10 wk Manufactur
11h
WwW. W. Wickes... 4
av EMIS. carn sue b BEAD. ciiiiiriinnnns
Yak RADE vex vrs York, Pennell Foster 100
wun Holz lorberg i John Sinclair Co..... 100
be Park. ....coccevenss 10+ Mcbride Bartlett... 1
1 J. Donueil...cee «et I John Orpen. 500
T Waeks. .......eov 1 John Sutphen. 100
J Knapp ...ocneenns au AM. Atwell........... 10
alt Gidbs...... MUA PD. Corsamn....cceoene 20
{leary W. Smith........ 200 Gamble MeNell..... «M0
John A 5m Phillips Co.......... lw
ol. Burnetd. .......c... Iv A. H. Lemons.......... 1
yo. H. a Ron. 1M E. Emerson............ 50
namber ain, Bros&Co. 23 C.F. Emersou Co. 50
Roberta Co...... noo Whitman Bros. Hone 100
nea Barker weer. JOE. N. Van Tassel....... MO
7.bn Tracey Co... 0 Robert Norman........ 50
EAR PAIEOT-..c.ccenn 1% Easton MacMahon... 250
LP Buck Co...... Iv Watts, Parker Co.... Jw
H. Bveday 100 Chas. Strachan. 25
P.WhitDey.......... 100 W. H. Irwioc Co...... 100
Moore &Jenkins...... 15 C. H. Remington... 100
John Gasdon 50 ‘has. White Co...... 100
i. Boyer ee SF. R. 8mith........... M0
w_ H. Cleveland. YOU IS. AFIDOUF. .coczaec00s 250
-a H. Power &Co.. Hw Jalton Townsend... 140
and Bingham... 10 F. H, 8herman Co... 250
vilisme Bell Co... 10 T H. Boynton........ 100
roast Bros. Co...... 20 James Davis. 25
J H.Alien Co....... 0 Bechstein Co... 100
Ward Poster Co... 50 Porter Wetmore 700
o At Hapsan........... 25 Wickes Douglas 10
2. W.(oioman Co... 200 Chas. L. Higgins Co. M0
J. A McTavish. 10 George Mceuroth.. 100
Abert Daniels 10 ajpeh. Baxter o. 5x
J wett Howson Co. 200 Franklin Edson Co. 2x
EH. GOWAN... .conveve 2 Webb, Turner to 2)
Wiliam Porer Co... Goodwin Elbo pal]
H. Hrayton......... Lo tobender Heuder
t hus. Ho 'ght Co MB 20h. coecreennreines 1)
(ovper &(u............ Jw: A spaulding......... 100
Gowid M. Thorp... 16 Shotwell Broe...... ww
Lary Yale oar Zw Jolin O. Bates......... 50
nent Co cere lw Jatues W. Croxson, 5)
oh 8. Roberts son S00 Michael Hennessey 25
Willistn Powell Co. 1m IH. Van Riper Co. 150
Davis Atwood....... 5 P.Knapp........... LY)
WW, Marshall.......-... Cook Pledge. 100
Newdhinger Schmitt... 1 E.G, Burgess Co.... 80
Wiham Paxson Co.. A. Bonnell............ 10
John BH. Pool. 2 B.C. Bogert........... 100
Rapp Cy. coro x. 20 J. H. Reed Co....... 250
W. H. Pieman.......... 50 Thomas Richardson 100
Fradorick Jacobs sa J. H. HerrieR.....cc.-. 500
liaghes, Hickox Co... Ww
onl lard, Rowe Bost- Pla .cvceeseeinse $17,365
i
f
Co...
cvs caress
AT THE OID FYCTIANGE—S5000 GIVEN.
AT THE GOLD EXCHANGE—%5.000 GIVEN.
In the Gold Room the sentiments of com
mn seralion were reéchoed, and at 8 p. m. a special meet
.zof the Exchange was called, with Mr. Hoyt as Presi
dent. After a discussion as 10 the best manner of rais
in2 the money, a resolution was offered authorizing the
Executive Committee to appropriate $5,000 to the relief
of the Chicago sufferers, and providing that a subserip
ton paper xhiould be circulated for the same purpose
The resointion was modified =o ae to 1uciude only the ap,
Yristion of $5,000, but the embers would probably cir
enlate rv le subseription pajers with excelleut re’
Mita
ACTION OF THE NEW-YORK CHAMBER OF COM
MERCE—&82,0000 SUBSCRIBED.
A specral meeting of the Chamber of Com
teres was beld at noon vesterday to take action io re
£ard to the sufferings resulting from the fire in Chicago.
The Hon George Opdyke opened the meeting 4s follows
The seerwieiming calamity that Las overtaken our sister city of
Chicago has awakens! the profoundest sympathy throughcnt the United
Swen The erupt of their misfo pe Las probebis Lo parallel ou thus
continent We learn throogh toe Velograph that the larger portion of that
Cir wu sabes and that rears one-half of itr stricken citiseps are ex
posed. Lou -iess and without fond. We Lave met pot to consider the
Brancial oes for we sbail soon feel it auGC share this Ww the fullest ex
al Wo ued the prompt. active apd earnest STWIWEDY of this body,

i

which has 4 boart 10 fee. the distress and misfortune of tiers.
A A. Low offered the following, which were pdopted;
Whereas. A disaster of awparslieled jtade Las befallen the City
Chicago aud wo a mangle dus 100 000 of Eo citizens have been driven
frum thers homes by a devastating fire, and without ciothing these stand
Rag arly approach of Winter amid the asbes of their dwellings
But the wreck of their cherished hopes and,

Whereas (ur own city, bound to Chicago by so many ties of interest
ud of sympathy. 1» iled wits bearts that know how to feel for those
Who have been 80 suddenly deseo ie! and is biessed with ample means te
Wouter 6 the homeless aud houseless jn their great extrem ts.
Resolwed, That this Chamber would st tbe esrLest moment tender to
Re citizens of CLicago the expression of it profound regret, of its beart
Welt sympatly, and at the same time proffer its word of encouragement
Jud chore in the assured belief that the marveious vitality of He popuin
will qu.ckly restore what has beer so sudGenly destroyed 1
Chieage wi continue to be the commercial metropolis of the West
Resolved, That a Committee be Bppointed Wo collect snbecriptions in
2d of the puferers by the recent calumny aud that the movers that way
be ealiectnd ‘we forwarded to the Mavor of the Oity of Clieago, or to such
Commitler of ls citisens as war be appointed Lo receive and distribute
Soutnibutions
1


Resolved, That the Committee of thir CLambes Lave autbority to re
Oni ve salinct i plions from the city at large.
Mr. Patterson, a member of the Liverpoat Clhawber of
Commerce, stated that he wae confident that his coun
trymen would sympatlize deevly with the afflicted citi
Reus of (Chicago, and suggested that telogratue »hould be
wut to the Chambers of Commerce in the leading cities
of Eugland, soquainting ther with the extent of the ca
bawity [1 uccordance with thie suggestion, the follow
box was sont to the Chambers of Commerce in Liverpool,

ith, Dundee, Manchester, Falmouth, Aberdeen, Bir
inghaw, Cork. Glasgow, Leeds, The Potteries, Edin
gh. Bradford, Btoke-npon-Trent. Dublin, Kedderwin
ter, Belfast, Sheffield, Macclesfield, Bristol, Hull, bouth
mumpton, Newcastle, and Falwouth
The New-York Chamber of Commerce. at the suggestior of member
the Laverpool Chamber, waruly cow imeuds 10 vi enerous svinpathy
We commercial cesters of (reat Brite and Iretand the suffering mul
es of Chicago whe bave been rendered utterly destitote by the con:
£Malion iu Lust at). Gaon OrpYke
c First V.ee Premdest Chamber of Commerce.
New York, Oct. 10, 1871.
Tue following Committee was appointed to receive
Subscriptions
Joba C. Groen. Joh» Teglor Jobraor 4 A. Low Charles H. Marshall.
vant, Peter Cowper, Geo [1 a: lube H fous B Beebe Se body
5 Coe. Beu), Jd. Sheppard Gandy,
soorge Grime, Waker Grits Jha D. Jones. Marts K. Jessy.
ot oa ison, foorge Nathaniel L. McCready,
a" woe. Jad Oliphant,
f obs T Terry, Horace B. Claflin, James Low. "Olver Hi has Starges,
bittonden, A. T. Stewart, David H Bdward 8. J Abram S
ewill, Frederick 8. Winston, Easeel brgrs Joby rh An
rew V. Stout, Bameel Bloas Charles Aberuetty. Thomas Acheli
baries L  Astbony, Daniel Appleton. Be). G yy
vhs Auchencioss, Prancis M. Babeock. Heurv J. Baker. Chris.
C. Baldwin, Marit Bales, Abraham B. Baylis, Stanton Blake
Biss, Wa. T. Bloodgett John H. Boyuten. James M. Brows
Brown, Stewart Brown, Wm. Bryce, James Bryce, Robert 8. Bus
Brg. Geo. A Crocker, Wa. B. Crocker, Wu P. Co E. Cary
Clews. FA. Conting, James M. Constable, W. Dow.
e H.C Fab Edward Fuile, Harve roles Wm,
4 Alex. Pormas Wm H Guion, Jobs K. Williams L. A. Jacobas
W James, Chas. G. Landon. Wm H. Lee. Jue. DU. McKeusie
McLean Charles Mali, Intrell P Mostgye Henderson Moore,
L. Nichols, Joseph U. Orvis Jackson K. EKcholu, Wm. Belig
a EF Shebard Charles Smith. Barnet L. Bolemou, Henry
Kouth wick J. N. Swrk. L J Straswy, Ansou Phelps
Sones, Peter 0 Ktrwug EB. Sirsuge. A. BD Strange, Robert
Bart, K. N. Theland, Chas L Tiffany. Wm 5. Tisdale
pe foklas Wp M Vermine Faves T Walker R Warres
Rw Jawer PP Willsee Alex M White Thos Woodward Heury


Worliiuewe havward Mo Wright, Wi. J. Feske. Geo. K. dutars,
Wim. B. Scott. Josh O. Low. Tenry P_Rpanthing, Pryos Grav, 8 RB.
Dana, dacoh Wendell, K RB. Poor, CO. N Bis. and the officers of the
(pasber of Commerce.
A
The following subscriptions to the Reitef Fund were
~ollacted at the Chamber of Commerce during the after
noon
Cortlandt de P. Fiedd $20; Wino Quien... 500
Jobs Wilson Sons... Hunt
Fisk Hatch. 10,000 200 hota. ok Co 209
A. A Low Bros. 2/000 K. W. Ntoughton. 20
George Opdike Coo... 2000 Henry WT. Mali “n
Jiis Cent. RR Co “Dy AR American Bank Note Co. 500
Hewitt. cee oo 10.000 William Brinkeri off Co, 0
Peter Cooper... cereaaas 1.000 Bepkard Hution........ 1:0m
Jar Cooke C0 .cooocniinee 10,000 Cyrus W. Field 500
Morris K. Jesup Co... 5.0001) W Relgman. 20
Tue Preabstery of N YX, by Slay Kdward Deinfield “ve HAY
J Rtuart 5031 Miwa Eume H Delafield 25
8. B. Chintenden Co...... 1,000{CARR. ooo ov vvvrninninns I
Henry Clewn Co... ..00uu, 10 000 Ca IT certs 3
Peake Opdrke Co. 1.000 H. Astie Co. 100
Jonnthan Sturges... 1.000/H. B. Claflin Co. 10,000
Weston Grav cooovo 1ooo|Rmploves of H. B. Claflin
Sami. Mclean Co. vee 1LOWOL CO... .oinieinin 7
Fabbri Chamnoey. 1 000{John Deval 5 Ly PE 300
Baboock Brothers... 1.006
Cooper Hewitt Co 1,000 Tota! ore $82 82

Co
er
H J. Baker Brother... S00
Ye 20 ane Ba an BF of
4
ox a aan mnt ad S€ wo tor Proabeanr
A. T. STEWART GIVES $50,000,
NEW-YORK, Oct. 10, 1871.
Hon. R. B. Mason, Mayor of Chicago: Yon
may draw on me for $50,000 (Afty thousand dollars) to be
applied by yoursalf in SOR ietion with my friends,
Messrs. Field Leiter and Mr, John V. Farwell of your
place, in aid of the sufferers the terrible oatainit 3
which has befallen your eity. r, if preferred, I will
purchase aud send forward that amount iu such articles
of necessity as you may designate. ALEX. T. STEWART.
At an impromptu meeting of the Board of
Trade $11,300 was raised by subscriptions.
Members of the Mechanics’ and Traders’ Ex
change have subscribed 31,004,
Sylvan Lodge No. 275, F. and A. M., appro
propriated §2o0.
The attaches of Station F, Post-Oflice. have
subscribed gu.
A Bankers and Drokers' subseription list
has been opened al the office of Fowler Wilson, No. 26
 Broad-st.
The City Council of Hoboken appropriated
£500, in sccordance with Mayor dmerscalu’s reco
wendation.
Levy Meigs of No. 26 Fxchange-place
contributed the poocecds of yesterday's busitiess to the
Clacago reef fuad.
John Franz of No. 435 Sixth-ave. will de
vote the receipts from rhe business of las saloon to-day
for the relief ol the citizens of Chicago.
Cornucopia Lodge, No. 106, I. 0. O. F,,
generously contributed $200 which Lad been previovsiy
appropriated {or an entertainment.
John D. Gilmor of No. 205 Greenwiech-st.
sent yesterday 65 Lait of crackers to tue Chicago suf
ferers,
Anthonv Hall of this city telegraphed to
the Mayor of Chicago, tendering the use of their Lake
View Hotel” for the sufferers. It will accommodate 1,000
people or more.
The policemen under Capt. Thorne of the
Tweunty-sixth Precinet, raised $300 yesterday, with which
they purchased 150 barrels of pilot bread, and sent them
10 Chicago via the Erne Railway,
Freeman Burr forwarded vesterday, ad
dressed to the Mayor of Culeago for the sutferers by the
fire, a box of clothing containing 150 coats, trousers,
vests, overcoats, and boys' sulta,
The officers and employés of the New-York
Railroad and Transportation Company bave adopted
resolutions of sympathy and determined to raise snb
scriptions fol the reaef of sufferers of their own class in
Chicago.
Members of the hat, cap, fur, and straw
goods trade will meet at 11 o'clock to-day at the store of
Tuompson, Sou Co., Nos, so and 52 Howard-st, tor the
purpose of taking measures for the immediate relief of
the sutlering poor of Chicago.
A meeting of the Hotel-Keepers' Society in
ald of tue sufferers by the terrible calamity iu Chicago
will be held at the St. Nicholas Hotel this evening, at x
o'ciock. Hotel-keepers who are not mewbers of the do
clety are also invited to attend,
A meeting of the members of the Cotton
Exchavge was held at noon, yesterday, 8 D. Harrisou
residing, A Comnuittee of five, consisting ot M. B.
Flaing J. F. Wenman, Geo, Cornwall, J. Moore, and
Meyer Lehman, was appointed to eall npon the members
wlio were not present at the meeting for their coutribu
tions. Those present subscribed bountifully.
The following appeal is issued to the Masons of the
State:
1. Joho H. Anthon, Grand Master of Masons of the State of New York,
desire to lay before the Masons of the tate of New-York the appeal of
onr snffering brethren in Chicago, and all the desolate and oppressed of
thet afflicted city. iv onder that fund may be raised tor ther (wmed ste
relief, Aud] do fraternal) and most earnest). beseech my brethren to
give toward this object ns Lberaliv as their mens will allow, I sugeest
contribut.ons in money. knowing that reef cotumitters will be orgauimd
#0 Lat vue sams as may be raised will be Gistursed Ly them iu a proper
and efficient manter. Contributions, sent in drafts on Now-York fo the
order of tLe Grand Master ut los offies. No. 27) Brosdway wil be by Lim
turwerued to Cl.cago. —G rand Master's Otice, Ut. aL fo
The New-Jersey Lighterage Company will
convey supplies, free of charge, from Harbeck's stores,
Brooklyn, to the Erie Depot. A lightning express train
will leave on the Erie Road at 10 this morning, with sup
plies.
The New-York Central aud Hudson River Ruilroad
Company will transport free over its road. from all places
along the line, sapplies for Chicago marked to the Mayor
of that city.
The Presidents of the United Railroad jJCompanies of
Now-Jersey, the Pennsylvania Ralroad Company, and
the Pennsylvania Central Railroad Company tender the
free use of their roads for transportation to Chicago of
all supplies that may be consigned to the Mayor of thut
city for the relief of the people suffering by the fire;
v Lether such contributions originate in the City of New
York or east thereof. Such consignments may be de
)ivered at any of their depots in New-York.

Subscriptions for the relief of the Chicago sufferers will
be received and forwarded by Davidsou Jones, Nos, 59
and £1 Wall-st. by J. W. Gee, Agent of the New-York
and Boston Express Co., at Twenty-third-+t. aud Broad
wuy, and by the Awsterdamn Bavings Bank. No. 403
Grand st.
SHIPMENT OF SUPPLIES.
An Erie Railway barge loaded with goods
for the sufferers at Chicago arrived in Jersey City last
Licht. The articles received included about 200 barrels
and boxes of provisions, and a large number of mat
treases, coverlets, and pillows. Another barge will arrive
about 8 a. m. to-day. The contributions will be packed
in baggage-cars, each of which will contain a8 much as
three STSIGNT crs. It ig expected that about ten baggage
cars wili be filled this morning. A special train will be
started on the Erie Railway at 10 a. which will carry
all articles received up to that time, aud will if possible
reach Buffalo in ten hours. This train will take the pre
cedence of all others, including regular passenger and
Xpress trains, which will be kept out of the way by
special orders. About 20 Erie Railway freleht-care were
bed in readiness vesterday to receive the goods.
a
THE CONDITIONS or CONYL AGE ATIONS,
oo i a Ban hh
THE CONDITIONS OF CONFLAGRATIONS.
Jo (he Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: Chicago has made the greatest of mod
ern conflagrations. While jts ashes are still smoking it is
a fit time to ask what are the conditions that still make
the greatest conflagrations possible How does it hap
pen that these calamities occur in spite of all our means
of prevention, in the midst of a civilization that trusts in
steam fire-engines, an abundant head of water, and a
trained army of experts in the Fire Department! In the
presence of this vast calamity we way well ask whether
we have gained any permanent fUpremacy over the ele
ments. What cause is to prevent a similar fate from over
taking this city, when the requisite conditions shall con
cur? 1t hasbeen said that for the submergence of the City
of Bt. Petersburg three conditions, which have never yet
occurred in combination, but which may occur atany
time, are necessary. They are a high tide, an east wind,
and a freshet in the Neva. Each one of these phe.
pomena is, singly, of frequent occurrence, and quite in
effective for injury. Two of the three conditions have
often coexisted, with but insignificant damage to prop
erty. The three have never yet occurred at once, but
there is nothing to prevent their occurrence, and when
this chance shall befall it is predicted that
one of the greatest catastrophes of the century
will take place. In the case of Chicago but
two conditions were required to produce the late con.
flagration. The city was built of wood in sufficient part
to convey the flames rapidly from poiut to poiut; and
when the high wind from the Lake fanned those flawes
its destruction was inevitable. No force of “steamers
could contend for an hour with the vast column of flame
that advanced over the city almost as swiftly as once it
might have spread over the prairie which now
forms its site. The destruction of that splendid
growth was the work of a day. We may say that Chi
cago was doomed from the first for to its destruction
two thinge only were pecessary—a high wind in the
right direction, and a spark of fire. Forty years sufficed
for this concurrence and Chicago has shared the fate
that, sooner of later, comes to every city which requires
so few conditions to destroy it.
What are the conditions that must concur before New
York cau suffer as Chicago has done! As in the case of
St. Petersburg, they are three in number. Unless we
clearly have this possibility in mind, and take warning
in time, there is no resson why New-York should escape
a conflagration us great as that which has just occurred
in the Garden City. New-York is liable to be burued
whenever a fire shall get well under way on a Winter's
night, the weather being at the same time cold enough to
freeze the hydrants, spd 2a gale blowing sufli
ciently strong to carry the flames across
the streets. For the city in such a case there would be
no more safety than for St. Petersburg in the event of
the combined fresbet, storm, and flood tide. The fatal
combination of circumstances has uot oceurred, as yet
in either case. But this fact gives no security for the fu
ture. If thers be any possible way in whi h a casualty
may occur, tine finally brings it to pass; as lu the ex
traordinary concidences upon which wany raliway ue

HOW SUPPLIES MAY BE FORWARDED.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER II, 187L
cidents depend. The fate of Chicago should remind us
that a lko calamity may follow like conditions at
any day. The so-called fire-proof buildings go down
almost a8 surely as wax in these great con
flagrations. Unless new means of safety be
devised against fire, New-York, though freer from
wooden struotures than Chicago, must not forget
that the freezing night, the furious wind, and the acei
dental kpark, may at any time work together to add the
greatest to the list of the great American oonflagrations.
Our Fire Department is amply able to grapple with all
ordinary tires. Bo was that of Chicago. What is needed
is the abllity to meet the extraordinary crises which in
the long run are sure to occur. Yours, T M. C.
New-York. Oct. 10 1871
GREAT BRITAIN,
NO MORE FENIANS TO BE RELEASED.
AATRIAUN, AaB Ua) VOR IV, A001
Mr. Gladstone has announced the determina
tion of the Government not to yield to the appeals for
the velease of the remaining Fenian prisoners, on the
ground that their offenses were not political, and the re
lease of other Fenians imprisoned for political offenses
form no precedent for dealing with shose for whom par
don 18s now sought.
THE DATIFICATION OF THE CUSTOMS TRLUATY
WITH FRANCE CONSIDERED CERTAIN.
BERLIN, Tuesday, Oct, 10, 1871.
The diffienlties in the way of the (‘ustoms
Treaty for Alsace and Lorraine have been removed, and
ita ratitcation may now be considered certain, M,
Pouryer-Quertier and Prince Disicorck are now discuss
ing the payment of the fourth half milliard of the in
detaity,
All the Consu's in Alsace have heen Informed that they
must withdraw their flags when the exeonaturs issued to
them by the French Government have expired.

rig POLITICAL EXCITEMENT INCREASING IN
MADRID,
MabprID, Tnesday, Oct. 10, 1571,
The political excitement which has been rife
here since the assembling of the Cortes is growing in in
tensity, and the antagonism between Seiors Sagasta and
Zorrilla is constantly iuercasing, The order issued by
Gen. Prim nearly a year ago, forbidding soldiers to be
Jone to political associations, or to partihipate in any
manner in political affairs, las beeu renewed and will be
rigidly enforced. Sefior Alegre has been appointed Civil
Governor of this city.
A wecting of I'rogresistas held in this city to-day re
jected, by a vote of 92 to 42, a proposal to support before
the Cortes a vote of confidence in the Government, The
political supporters of Senior Sagnsta are preparing a
wanifesto disavowing radical Ideas,
A threatened misunderstanding between Morocco and
Spain has been averted by the payment by Morocco of
£20,000 indemnity to the families of three Bpaniai ds wur
dered hy subjects of the Emperor.

FURTHER ELECTION RETURNS=—JEROME  NAPO
LEON RETURNED FROM ALSACE.
Panis, Monday, Oct, 10, 1871,

The successful candidates for the Consuls
Generany from Istres and Garin are supporters of M.
Thiers's Administration. The Bonapartist candidate for
Corsica is defeated. In this city the Conservative candi
dates have been generally successful, The Bonapartist
candidates have all been defeated, The resuit of the
elections in Conservative provinces ig largely in favor of
the Republicans, whose candidates developed unex.
pected strength. Prince Jerome Napoleon hus been
clected from Ajaccio.
et
PROGRESS OF THE EMANCIPATION BILL.
LONDON, Tuesday, Oct, 10, 1871
Later advices from Rio Janeiro state that
five articles of the Emancipation bill had passed to a
second reading in the Senate. The friends of the bill are
coufldent of its tinal adoption,

VIOLENT EARTHQUAKE SHOCK.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tuesday, Oct. 10, 1871.
A violent shock of earthquake was felt here
act nicht. 1t did uo serious damage.

EXCITEMENT IN LIMA=—AN ITALIAN UNITY DEM
ONSTRATION SUPPRESSED BY FORCE—ITAL
IAN FLAGS PULLED DOWN—FIVE HUNDRED
ITALIANS IMPRISONED—A PAPAL PROCESSION
ALLOWED THE FOLLOWING DAY—A LKREVO
LUTION IMMINENT.
KinasToy, Jamaica, Oct. 7, via Havana, Oct,
16 —The steamer Rising Star has arrived from Aspinwall.
Advices from Peru to the 23d ult. had Deen re
ceived at Panama. The Italian residents in Lima
Lad wade great preparations to celebrate the anniver
gary of the occupation of Rome by the national troops.
The new President of Peru was induced by the clergy to
forbid the demonstration. His order caused great indig
nation. The students in the colleges resolved to get up
a celebration ou their own account, iu spite of
the prohibition. The Ttalian Minister at Lima
sued an address 10 his conntrymen
urging obedience to the authorities, bat the students
and their friends persevered in their determination, and
on the day of the anniversary assembled io the publie
square. While the editor of the Nacional was delivering
au oration troops suddenly rushed from the
four sides of the square aud charged the
crowd at the point of the bayonet. Although
po resistance wae made, IMADY PETSONS Were wounded,
and 500 were dragged to prison, among them the Bolivian
Consul, and the Sceretary of the Clulian Legation,
Great excitement was caused by the outrage. There
were fears of au outbreak, and the
shops and banks were closed. The Italian
far was ordered down everywhere, and mounted
police patroled the streets. Night came, however, with
out further disturbance, But it Was helieved the afar
would not end in the acquiescence of the Italians, of
whom there are 14,000 in Lila aud Callao. A revolution
i= possible, and the Government is taking precautious
agninat it.
A counter demonstration was made hy the clerical
purty on the next day. A procession passed through the
Rtreets, carrying a life-size portrait of the Pope. When
the procession halted in the square, a large number of
people gathered around the portrait to go through the
ceremony of kissing the feet, It was then discovered
that the picture had been smeared with turpentine,
The sacrilege had roused the indignation of the Roman
Catholics, aud the feeling was very bitter against the
Te 22 £22 ®a aa
HE 18 HELD TO BAIL IN FIVE THOUSAND DOL
LAR>—ARGUMENT OF COUNSEL.
tl ——t
cart Lake Crry, Oct. 10.—Brigham Young,
accompanied by s number of elders, appeared at court
this afternoon, and was held to bail in $#5.000 to answer,
He passed through the crowd from his carriage np stairs
to the court-room alone; many hate were removed and
other expressions of respect shown, but there were no
shouts or noisy demonstrations, His appearance before
Judge McKean wae quiet and dignified, but he seemed
evidently very feeble. The officers of the court showed
him all kindness, providing him with a large easy chuir
and keeping the crowd st a distance.
Brigham's counsel first putina plea of abatement,
which wae overruled. The next movement was to quash
the indictment, on the ground of the indictment enumer
ating 16 separate charges, alleging that he lasciviously
cohabited with 18 different women. During the argu
went on this question, Brigham retired. Hempstead, for
the defense, will continue speaking to this motion to
morrow. Everything is quiet to-night, although muiti
tudes of exciting rumors are in circulation of what may
happen. In the event of conviction, there may be
trouble it will scarcely be vtherwise,
The annual meeting of the Mormon Legion took place
lu the Tabernacle last evening. The proceedings were
not made public. The Conference Adjoaracd Inst night
until the 3d of April pext. Brigham Youlg War again
elected First President.
REVOLUTIONARY MOVEMENTS AMO!
(REEK INDIANE
LittLE Rock, Ark., Oct. 10.—Serous trouble
is apprehended in the Creek Nation, growing out of the
efforts of certain revolutionists to set aside the regular
government, Checata, the principal (‘hief of the Nation,
bas called upon all good eitizens to protect the lawful
government. The revolutionise assembled a few days
SLO near Comiigee, the Capital of the Nation, sud
threatened to seize the Government by force. The
United Btates troops are all being removed from Fort
Gibson, and there ia no force here to preserve peace
Bloody times are looked for.

A CAPTURED AMERICAN SCHOONER “STOLEN" AT
HALIFAX.
Martkax, N. 8, Oct. 10.— The American
weliooner Edward A. Horton, recently seized by Capt.
Torry for violating the fishery laws, Was stolen frow
Guysborough Lasbor lust niglt,

FOREIGN NEWS.

GERMANY.
SPAIN.
FRANCE.
RRAZIL..
TIU'BRKEY
PERT
BLRIGHAM IN COUKRI.
AMONG THE
PENNSYLVANIA ELECTION
LATEST RETURNS—PHILADELPHIA REDEEM ED—
THE LEGISLATURE SAFE—A REPUBLICAN
MAJORITY ON JOINT BALLOT.
IBY TELEGRAPH TO MB TRIBUNK
Purtaperenia, Oct. 10-2 a. m.—Returns come
in slowly but surely. The Republican majority in the
city on the tate ticket Is estimatod by the Republican
City Executive Committee to be from 11,000 to 12,000 for
the Republican candidate for Mayor, and 9,000 to 10,000
tor Coroner, J. G. I. Brown of The Press, by 11,000. The
other city candidates are elected hy a majority ranging
from 5,000 to 7,000,
The bitterest attack was made upon Col. Win. BB, Mann,
our candidate for District Attorney, but Le has won the
fight by from 2,000 to 3,00 -a great victory in view of
Lis energy and eflicieney in the futire.
The redemption of Philadelphia is important in all ro
aspects. It gives us new men on the police in place of
thos who have heretofore bean saaply an irish mob,
controlled by the worst influences.
Wo bifve the Legislature in joint ballot, having caned
80 far at least five members of the House, with thy pros
pects of securing the one Senator. This is declave of
our power to control the next Congress apportionment
The mzjority in the city outside of Pindadeiphie can
not be less than 15,000, giving us at least 25,000 in ‘he
whole,
The eall for a new Convention to reform the State Con
atitution prevailed by a lurce majority. All things con:
<tdered, these resitlts are the most significant since 144
and 1868.
The Citizens Reform movement did not poll more than
abont 3,00 votes, and it had the eff of of calling out inn
dreds of Republicans who would not otherwise have
gone to the po'ls, The Democrats have had compara
tively little of it in the eity, the true friends of Refurio
preferring to trust to the Republican pariy, The Labor
Reformers generally acted in concert with the Repnhh
can party, inasmnch as they saw in it the only organized
interest in favor of Protection to Home Labor
Philadelphia resumes her position as the leading loa
city of the nation, and will maintain it by Wise COULse iS
and fearless action.
A CLEAN SWEEP IN ALLEGHENY COUNTY.
Prrrs-eeron, Oct, 10=Miduight.=The Lepub
lian majority on the State ticket 13 65M. Tae whole
Legislative and County ti ket is elected,
PHILADELPHIA, Vel, 1U—< a. ML— 110 1OH0W
ing additional returns have been received:
In Phnladelphia 14 Repub jcans have been elocted to
the Legistature, being Republican gan of 2.
In Philadelphia the whole Republican teity ticket is re
ported elected by 5,000 majority, except Willian B. Mann
for District-Attorney, who seems belind is ticket and
wav be defeated.
City Wards. —Fifteenth- Stokely bas 1,006 majority, a
Ropublican loss of 122
Fost Ward gives Stokeley 082 majority, a Republican
sain of 363,
Soeond Ward gives Ride 010, a TL publican 1033 of 54,
Twenty-sixth Ward gives Stokeley 1,201 majoridy, a Ro
publican gain of 1474,
Fourteenth Ward gives Stokeley 656 majority, a Repub
Hean gain of 22,
Twenty fourth Ward gives 8tokeley 390 majority, a Ie
publican gain of 171,
Twenty-seventh Ward gives Stokeley 407 majority, a
Republican gain of 124,
Feventh Ward gives Stokely 1,266 majority, a Lepubli
can giuin of 211.
Fourth Ward gives Biddle 1,862 majority, a Republican
loss of 466.
Eighteenth Ward gives Stokely 852, a Republican gain
of 116.
Third Ward gives Bllile 805 majority, a Republican
loss of 163,
Ninth Ward gives Stokely 149 majority, a Republican
gain of 51.
I.ehth Ward gives Stokely 171 eajority, a Republican
Joss of 419,
Twenty-erghth Ward gives Stokely 171 majority, a Re
publican gain of 45,
Lancaster County gives a Republican majority of 4,000.
Lancaster City elected a Democratic Mayor—a Repub
lean loss of 200,
Northaumpto) County—Eastonboro gives a Democratie
majority of 302, a Democratic gain of #7. The Conuty
gives about 2,650 Democratic majority, a Republican gain
of 86.
Dauphin Conntv—Harrishnrz gives 300 Rapnblican ma
jority, The Republican majority in the County is esti
wated at 1.400,
alegbeny County gives a Republican majority of
4.5%,
Luzerne Conniy- Three districts show swall Republi:
can guns,
Carbon County—Manch Chnunk, Republican majority,
143; Republican gain, 90. Eas* Mauch Chunk, Republi:
can majority, 33: iepuh ican xan, 72. Lausanne, Demo
cratic magority, 38; Republican gain, 78,
Columbia Conuty “ain Towuslitp, Democratic ma
jority, ®1; Republican gain, 16,
Northumberland County—sunburry, Republican ma
Jurity, 255; Republican galn, 55 over Geary's vote,
Montgowery County —Mornstown, Republican major
itv, 129; Democratic gain, 7.
Delaware County Chester City and five townships,
Republican gain 260.
Fulton County—Three districts give a Republican
gain of 14,
Schuylkill County —=DPotisville gives about 200 Demo
cratic majority,
Washington County Washingtonborne gives a Demo
cratic wajority of 25 bemoeratic gain 47.
Northampton County Seven diairicts give Republican
gain of 247.
Luzerne Connty—Wilkesharre City and Township, Par
rish has 1,150 majority the whole Republican county
ticket 1s probably elected.
Northumberland County —Nine districts show a Re
publican gain of 262 on the vote of 1869,
Chester County —Teu townships, including Westchester
and Downingtou, ive 1,231 Republican majority Repub
lican grit, 309,
Berks County —Probable Democratic majority, 5,500.
Reading Connty —Dewocratic majority 300, vote Light,
Delaware Connty—Republican majority, 1,400; Cooper,
for the Lewslature, gains 20 over the vote of lust year in
tive districts,
Camberland County —Republicans have certainly ear
ried the Senator sud Pressing Judges, Romerset
Connty —The Republican majority will probably be 1,250;
Republican loss of so over the vote of 1-69,
Northampton County—Freemausburg gives a Demo
cratic gain of 12,
Allegheny County—=Pittsburgh—First Ward gives 23
Republican majority.
Bucks County—Newhope, Dew. majority, 3; Dem.
gain, 24 over last vear.
York County- Wrightsville, Rep. majority, 83; Rep.
gilli, 40 Over Geury's vote,
Centre County Bellefonte, Rep. majority, 102; Rep.
Kain, 31 over Geary 's vole,
Carbon Connty—East Mauch Chunk, Rep. majority, 33.
Northampton County —Bethlehem Borough, Dem. ma
jority, 80; Rep gain, 105, Heavy Bap. guius iu this aud
adjoining counties.
ning County—Lower Chichester Township, Rep.
majority, 10 Hep Kain, 50.
Northampton Connty—Freemansburg, Barr, 30 major
ity; Dem. gain, 12,
Allegheny County—Pittaburgh City, First Ward, Rep.
majority, 23.
Franklin County —Chambershurg, Rep. majority, 348;
Rep. gain, 270 over Gieary's vote.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11—2:30 a. m.—The Republican
majority for Mayor in this city is 7,623. The Stute has
gone Republican by at least 15,000,
The Republicans gain two members of the Legislature
in Philadelphia, and four in Luzerne also, two Senators,
giving them a majority in both Houses, The majority
for the State Convention is overwhelming.

THLE STATE CLAIMED BY THE REPUBLICANS BY
TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND MAJORITY.
|BY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.)
Cort mnt, Oct. 11=12:30 a. m.—The Repub
licant claim Noyes election by 25,000 majority and think
the result in Cuyahoga County gives them the Legisla
ture. hepublican majority in Columbus 1,600
GENERAL PRESR DISPATCH
Crveins ats Oct. 10=Midnight.—The follow
Cincissatn Oct. 10=Midnight.—The follow
ing additional returns have heen received:
steubenville—Noyes, Republican majority, 337; Ban
dusky City—=Noyes, so majority: Champaign Connty—
Noyes, 750 majority: Medina, three jew inhi pa- Noyes,
wajority, 250; Gallipolis City and township—Noyes, 331
majority: Circleville City and i BR majority for
McCook: Elyria—Noyes, majority, 360,
Washington County —Marietta, Harmer, and six town
i Noyes, 8% majority Greene County—Xenia City
an township, Noyes, El4 majority Lawrence County—
Ironton, six Wards and townships, Noyes, 660 majority
Clark County—epringtield and township, Noyes, 561 ma
Jority.
Cuyahoga County Noyes. 4,000 majority; Licking
Conuty— Newark, MoCook's majority, 213; Bepeca County
Fight Wards and towuships, 213 majority for McCook
Dayton, nine wards and townships, McCook’s ority, 31.
Union County—Five townships, Noyes, 146 ry.
Lake County—Noyes, 1,063 majority.
Licking County—Partial returns indicate the Demo
cratie wajority at 1,800.
Butler County—Oxford Township, Noyes, 148 majority.
Up to 1:30 m., bo returns from any of the Wards of
(ineinnati had been received. There is s0 much split
ting, and so mMADY tickets that no returns are x
betore LO INOITOW,
i
FURTHER RETURNA—A REPUBLICAN CONGRESS
MAN PROBABLY FLECTED—ONE COUNTY UN
DER MARTIAL LAW,
1 arvesToN, Oct. 10.—The net majorities, as
fur ns heard from, are as follows:
Ist District (8 Coultivs)—Hoerodon (Dew), 1,000.
4 A. MM.
POSTSCRIPT.
IGUNTRAL PRESS DISPATCH)
O10 FLECTION.
TFYAS FLECTION.
114 District —=Connor (Dem) 1a redlected by about 1,500
Td District (15 Countio)—iidding (D2m.), 622.
Vin District (24 Countion), Hansock (Dem.), 3,640,
A special to The News from Austin says: Limestous
County has been declared under martial law, and as
nesand $50,000 for bad behavior. Adjutant-Gen. Davidson
takos charge of the military of Grimes County. The vols
of Limestone, Girimes, and Bell Connties will be thrown
ont, making Lhe vote betwoon Gidding, (Dam. and Clark
(Rep) for Congress nearly equal Clark wili probably
roceive ihe cortificats of election
FIVE NEGRO POLICEMEN MURDERED,
Jurrenson, Texas, Oct. i9.—Mayvor Malloy
OF this city loft for Groesbeck with 200 negro Bate mil
iia. During the olection five Deseo poliecwen worn
murder vl
a
NO NBW FIRE IN CHICAGO.
ARSOCIATED REAR OFFICK,
New-Yosk, Oct 19 1p m
The following di<pateh, in anrwrer to inqmnes
from this oflice, effectually disnoses of tha rmmor
of the renawal of the fire:
*CHICAOO, Dol. 10—9 pt. —The fire has not broken out
ARIE AGE OF THE ASO ATED Pitkss
PROMPT ACTION OF THE HALTFORD INSURANCE
(YYMPANITES

HarTFORD, Oct. 11=3235 a. m.—The Hartford,
Atom, und the Phoenix Companies are the first to make
public announcement of their purposs to pay all losses in
Clucago promptly. The Xone has imdtructod its Chicago
agrihb Co Colne nce pay mente toauorrow. The Hartford
telegraphed Aimar ‘nstractiona
A
aAnp
IN
JN THRE
PERKINS

ATTORNEY
cLaly
OF
rpr
T™) [Hi: 1.1L.
In he Sam of the 6th insi. was pablished
taken by the Preadont of the Unitod States wm the Rios
aan Minister, concluded as toliows
THE REAL AUSE OF GRANT'S DESIG 1) kl 21D OF
CATAVARY.
From The snc? 4r00 1%
refering to coitonn akeged tor the cxoeptions
Sallsits
Ih acorns tht there has been long pendins and unsatis
fed of ne Perkins, on American ron, ant
the Preston Coverament, Pma elam, the present Min
rater, Cat ieazy, representing his Ceovernment, has con
toasted with erect visor, ots asserted and generally
believed thie °F rhina’s attoracys here drove a area
ith Banetot Dovis, the Bihe Taker, to give iin a
Lopes siiee of the Perkins claim if he (the Bribe-Taker)
would procire a beat recogiition of it iro the Russian
(rovernment
Here ts the motive for the Assistant Socretarv’s action,
and this is the way he went about M
Apnroachire Mr Bodiseo, son of the former Miniater,
and connected with the legation, he proposed to bing
the we ioht of our Governtie nt to bear upon that of
Busaia, and get Cataeazy displaced by Bodisco, if he
Bodisco) would al’ ow the claim of Perkins. To (his the
anh tioas diplomatic neaphy te consented, and Davis aot
shout ms dirty an intricue as ever disgraced our national
cantil Ie got the Adminstration, witch means, of
conrse, Vanlees 8 Grant, to instriet ont Minister at St.
Peier=oure to peess the reealt of Mr, Catiacazy upon the
Rlossan Lip Gtr azent here had ude Limsc'f oft o
aive hy Lis intermeddling with onr affa'rs, and beeanuse
Madaiue Catia wzy 's career Lad been of such a haracter
that the iatuidies of our offi Lads were embarrassed hy her
presence,
It second ratiter iate for the Administration to et up
this [ast ronson for a recall Mme. Catacazy had heen
peceived nan official way by the very ladies who ate
<1id to he shocked and cmbarrasszed, and the moment h ul
been permitted to pass when sich obj ction to her pres
een conld have been urged with propriety, or, to say the
least of it, in ood taste
Upon ull this Bancroit Davis, tha Dribe-Taker, anized,
and Curtin at St Petershirz pressed atom an informal
maneer upon the Baperial Government. The fact came
to the ears of Mr. Cataeazy, and he went to work, He is
Shrew, active, experieoced diplomat, and proved too
mitch for oor sickly Mazarin, Davis, the Bribe-Taker
The war grow hot and furious. The press wins alled an
to Ure od of the conspirators, All sorts of line were put
in cirenlation, and for a while it looked a8 11 Catacazy
were to he recalled and disgraced.
Davis, the Bribe-Taker, at firs* cared nothing about the
Asgrice. He only wished to get the Minister out of the
way, bot the wily diplomat had such a way of sneering
at ovr Anerican poor devil that it nearly drove him mad,
And, so excried, he made ta point to get (‘atacazy re
called before the Grant Duke Alexis should arrive. To
this end he moved all his machinery, and to no An gn
The Rassian Government not only refused to recal the
old gentleman, but in a marked manner expressed ita
confidence in him, He remains full Minister, One of
the conspirators (Mr. Bodisco) has been rebuked by a
transfer to the Consu'ar service, and the Bribe-Taker’s
dice of the Perkins ¢aun gets small by degrees and
beautifully less.
And in the same paper of the oth inst, under the
title of Complications yn Washjpygtor,” 15 pi ished the
fo'luwing paragraph:
THE CATAMZY TROUBLE,
~The quarrsi between Catacazy aud Fish really crew
Bil of 154 T rhs so-called claim, though social troubies
bavi inoue formor other added to wutensity the com
plication. Davis, who has made most of the trouble in
the department, was at the bottom of this pasty affair,
After Wong diseudzion aitd controversy It was supposed
this Perkins claim had reared a pont when pe Lssinn
Government wonld allow any amount thaf the Depart
ment of State claimed to be right and equitable, Con
sequently the insiders and outsiders set to work, and a
total of some $650,000 was trumped up. As soou as that
was done inside, Gov. Cooke, operating outside, bought
the widow Perkins's interest for $50,400, through Se
counsel, she being kept in blissful ignorance of the
account as mids up under the eye of Davis. When that
barguin was closed the Ring started off W, 8. Hunting
ton, Cooke's cashier, to St, Petersburg, in the expecia
tion that the money would be paid; and it is said all the
oie) influence of Curtin, our Minister, was directed to
that «lect. But it tailed. Huntington has come buck
with a flew in his car, and the widow whom they intended
to cheat will probably be the only gainer in the long run,
as Russia will never pay a dollar of this made-up claim.

I am the counsel of Mrs. Perkins, as I was the counsel
of her hushaud before his death, and have occupied that
position since 1857. This fact is known to the public,
quite a8 well aa the fact that the Perkins claim has been
the subject of diptomatie discussion, T am, therefore,
the counsel who committed the act of bribery, and be
trayed and sold out my client's interest, if such be true,
and the language in the ahove articles points to me as
clearly as if my name had been used with as much free
dom as that which marks the liberty taken with the
names of Mr. Davis, Mr. Bodiseo, Gov. Cooke, and Mr.
Huntington.
I speak with a positive knowledge of facts when I say
that the Honorable Assistant Secretary of State, J. B. C.
Davis, never, in any shape, manner, or form, had charge
of, or gave directions about, the Perkins claim. He never
even spoke of the claim, or was spoken to about it, as the
line of his duties was directed to the Consular service of
the Government, and he, for that stated reason, even
refused to give me an order to examine the original
papers in the case in the absence of Mr. Fish, and re
ferred me to the Second Assistant Secretary of State, the
Hon, William H. Hunter.
1 never spoke to Mr. Bodisco, the late Secretary of the
Imperial Legation, aud now the Russian Consul General
to the United States, in my life on the subject of the
Perkins claim. I have no acquaintance with that gen
tleman. I knew through the department that Mr. Bo
disco was bitterly opposed to the claim, and warmly es
poused the views of his Government in resisting it. But
to show the willful nature of this slanderous allusion to
Mr. Bo lisco, it is only necessary to state the fact that he
left the United States before it was agreed to refer the
Perkins claim to the law officers of the State Department
for examination, and did not return until after the dis
cussion of the case had been concluded and it had been
decided. It is therefore seen that it is not possible that
he could have been guilty of the misconduct so falsely
attributed to him in the article referred to.
Gov. Cooke never bought nor offered to buy the Perkins
claim. I never sold nor offered to sell to Gov. Cooke or
to anybody else my client's interest in said claim, and the
statement that such a sale was made is a deliberate false
hood.
Mr. William Huntington, the cashier, not of Gov.
Cooke, but of the First National Bank of Washington, was
appointed the agent for the claiu as a mere business wat
ter, but he never bought it, or paid a dollar for it. His
late visit to Russia was to some extent connected with
the case iu the line of his agency for it, but Tam not
aware that he did any of the things attributed to him
while in Russia, or that he met with uuy of the discom
torts alleged in the paper referred to,
I have made this statement from a sense of duty to the
several gentlemen referred to, and whatever may be the
motive that has inspired these slanderous stateweuts—
for there is a dishonorable motive concealed somewhere
—1 can only, and I do, braud them as deliberate and
malicious falsehoods.
The crime of bribery and professional malfeasance of
selling out my client attributed to me in the above arti
clea are serious matters, and I do not admit that any in
dividual or any public journal has the right to inflict
upon me or my interests such malicious wischief and
injury; and if there {a a remedy of any sort for such con
duet, 1 shall try to discover and apply it. If itis the
privilege of those who conduct or contribute to public
journals to make a pastime of maligniug and slandering
private character and assailing private interests at their
pleasure without limit, the sooner the public are taught
to know and recognize that fact the better. So that
we may understand that personal character in public
or private life, or the rights of persons old or young, the
widow and the orphan are to be tortured or sacrifived ut
the pleasure of seif-licensed and common calumaiators
under the disguise of, perhaps, what may be claimed
freedom of the press, Ihave ouly to say for the present,
that a more willful, malicious, or vicious alander and
falseliood, T huve never seen uttered in print, or other:
wine, than that which 1 have here attempted to correct,
aid 11 pains we deeply LW sce Lue uatuos of waoweut pov:
4
ple paratad before the public and slandered in reference
to a matter wherein 1 am personality concerned. Ire
pont, thal if thore 1a any remedy for such outrage,
mhadl anok it Reapociiully, &c.,
JOREPH B. BTRWART,
Of Connsol for Mra. Perkins.
New. Vaorl Odwt on 121
es a
EARTHQUAKE SHOCK AT WILMINGTON
WiLannaroy, Del, Oct. 10.—There is ne
Joubt thut the «hock feit hers yosterday was an earth
anake. Another shook ocourrad at 12 o'clock 1nat sight.
No powder has racently axplodad in the Btate
i
Dstess men and others requiring insurance
eter io be advertisement oi the Advocates Fue
Lie nlat of anny on anobhier colin
Thanks to Mra. Winslow's Soothing Syrup, wa hae
heen rod iovod trom seaplass nighta of nataful watrhing with poor, soffer
102, rth Askin
liondquarters for Single Waltham Watches,
oanwn a Ca, 24 Bond ot, Naw-Tork.
Ea
Wedding ond Varioz Cards, 10 al Siam one Nob Caner.
Wn LL VGKOKLL SUNS JM FULTON ST OF. LD GUYLH MO RGM
DAVENPORT Mondey Oct 9 Tose Aver miant son of Jods, gr.,
wd George Deveniort aged 2 mathe 17 iva
Proerat Loan the camden a of bis parents, Noo 20 Third 4, Thermday,
Latins at 2 acl kp m
DI VENDERFE BL —0n Moaday, 9th suet, of pneamonts  Tiear 1 Gon
ES RU verde nm Matin
Kolativen amd frends sre invited 10 attend tha unecsl services it the
cat Ces a holed, sues uag, Yoda aaay, 0 duck
VRENS—On Monday (0 t 3 Mathew W Firns, late of the Tb N
Vois belovwt husnand of Rate Ferma in our Zn seer of lus age
Walatived qr 0 ny I=, mi tue renters of 10 SmLner Ne 4, 0G A KR,
are respertfu lly mvited to attend the funeral from los [aie midnes,
No 344 3 t ind ot, on Thars.ay UO S, ably tw
TANAFORD <1: Brooklyn, on 3uiday Ove 4, Wm, Hlrcaford, MO,
formerly of Boston, Mass. in the Gith year of tis age.
Ih frees wih taka pace on Walnealay next, at! o'clock p m from
bs late resrience, No, 24 First-plare, Brooklyn Relatives sod friouds
Me av tl to sulend witaout fu dics noes.
HAVDEN<=A: Montclair, NJ Oct. 9, Kitty, we of Brace ilaydcu, and
tanghter of Henry Quinn msq. in the Zlet year of her age.
inreral services on Weguoalay, Lith ost. trom bor late readenos of
123 3 Ww, Carriages will be in wi ting on seroval of 11 o'clock trala
trom New Yors, Yoros sud Losex Raulroad.
REVLER On Monday Oc 9 after 4 grag illness, Amos Kedder, tn
Wir HUY year of his age
The relates and frente of the family are respectinily meited to attend
his funeral on Thursday, the 1200 inst. at doclock p.m, at the
residence of bis son-intaw, David K. Oak, No. 204 bast Filly-eighth-ob
in article headed Laswdtong Prince Alera and ote

The remains wil) he taker ta Sarrghald N J tor interment
 LONG=On Oct. 91271, Frederick A Long tu the 47th year of his age,
son of We lab George aud Sarah Long.
The relauves ant trends of the Latniy are resoectfolly (n7itd to sbtend
too daneral from dhe Churel of te Hols Commun on cornet of Twos
teiheat and Mixticave, on Walnesday the Lith ust at l:30a m
MEEKER—On Tuesaday morning, Oct 10, at Brooklyn J Merken, 1a
the tith wear of his age
Fronds of the familie are invited to attend his funeral from hus late rom
boner, WA pi et caer of Wioughby sve, on Thursiay sfler
noon, at Jo clock
MoRORIR =r Sgndar th inst Rlzabeth MeRome. a native of Porth
ire Soutien
Paoeral ou Wednesday at {o'clock p ne, from the resdonon of bee
ster iu-law Joba as rteva, No. of Ninth aie
YOUNG <Sadden'y at Fort Washington, Sut isy, Oot 3 187], Aoss A
Grow. wife of Jowps B Youu.
Phe trenton’ the fam), are noite d to attend the funeral from Ri. Asafe
Church, Eighternth-st. near Fifth ave, on Wadoesdar ot o'clock
w., withous tariber invitation
p
Lpenial voluces
The Executive Committee of the (ITIZENS sad TAX.
PAYFRS for tha FINANCIAL REFORM of the CITY wed COUNTY
of NEW YOK
Toe undersigned, members of the Sab Comarttes on Wags and Means,
respecsiuils solid subscr Guus to the Fund tur defraying the expenses
the abowe Con ties of seventy in performing the duly devolved upes
that Commites at the meeting beld at the Cooper Uaion, co Mooday
evening Sepiewber 4, 1970 Such subscriptions may be seat to Rud
Sauer esq. Treasurer at No 12° Broadway, to's ther of the undeingaed,
of toolbars duly arprctal for the surpass who sell show thew
suthorty
Now York, Sept. 11 1871
JAMES M. BROWN PAIL N SPO¥FORD
HENRY CLEW> WASHINGTON BR VeRMULYR
SAM'L D BABC OCR, WAM. MM ULILSS,
BB ~HIRMAN J SFLIGMAN,
JNO A STEWART El GENE BALLIN,
IFN 3 S (ha
HrvRY HAY ou HI aS ri bir opp ih
The Executive Committee of Citizens ana Taxpayers
for the Financial Ketorm of the City and County of
NeweYork,— be Committee to Examine into the Alleged Frands em
the City and Couity of New-York caroeatly request all citiseus who have
a rersonnl knowledge of facts which would he of service to the Commities
to send a written s ateeut of the same, addressed to the Committen,
Post-Ofce Box 2,712, WILLIAM H. WICKHAM, Charmsa.
JAURSON SX, SCHULTZ GRO. C. BARRETT,
FREDK, SUHACK JM HALSTED,
JOHN WHEELER JOSEP BLUMENTHAL,
J.J 0 DOUNOH! I~AAC H. BAILBY
Executive Commitiee of Citizens and Tax-payers foe
the Fingaclal Reform of the City and County of New
Yori, ~At a regular meeting of she Sub-Committee on Bloctions, held
Cm Mooday eveniug. October 9, it was unssmmously resolved thal, anti
fur bor notice the rezalar meeting of the umm ites on Biselions bo Sal
MOSDAY and i HADAY of each week, in ihe Yooms of the xeon
tre omuiice, Noo 44 Browiway 39.2% cast cornee of Tweaty
second -ot, SOSK’H H CHOA
Cha rman of Comwlstee on Blockions.
w ou J
Eleventh Assembly District Union Repablicen Asae
CIRLiOn.—A meting of this Ass TRNoR 4t Heajquariers, Sixth
ave. oo WhHDUNESDAY bY ENING, Oct, 1, al 8 o'clock. Breoukirs.
Committee will meet at 74 o'clock. MARSHALL Q, ROBERTS, Prest.
FUGENK SoULLEYET WM. PRTEKEKIN, Recrolgries,
Heventh Assembly District Union Republican Aaso
ecintion.—The Regular Mouthly Meeting will be Leld at 8 this p a.
Exveutive ommitios pel at 7.0
pow
KE SoUILRYRT, Nee vtary MARSHALL O. ROBERTS, Prea't
Delegates to the late svracuse Convention are requested to mee! of
le iarters, Fifthave, aad Twenty seond-st., on WEDNLSDAY
EVENING, Oct. 11 at 5 o'clock to receive and consider a communira
Liou from the Chairman of the Republican Ntate Committers. A full ad
tendance is requested. SINCLATR TOUSEY, Chuinuan of Delegation.
Office of the
PHENIX INSURANCE COMPANY,
No. 17:3 BROADWAY,
New-York. October 10, 1871
We are Lappy to icform the publie that the PHENIX INSURANCE
COMPANY of BROOKLYN will pay ALL Ler losses in the Chicage fire
out of her net surplus, veer all lLiabidiiies, leaving her sonod snd sutions
tor business.
Our condition on October 1, 1371, is as follows.
Gross Burplid.......ccovvrnrvnnnsinnniens 838,755 49
Cash Capital,
81.838,753 43
Loss, adjusted bat uot due, Oct. 1, 157), $93.736 33
$1,763,019 19
Chicago losses will not exceed in any event. $350,000 00
And we are firmly of the opinion that the loss
will Dot e300... oc orvierrnnsninrnrssnss £300,000 00
We congratulate our patrons and ourselves on our fortunate cacape
STEPHEN CROWELL,
a President Phenix lnsurauce Og.
A Card.
TAgDeaaE
Orpicr or THe Grrxaxia Pre Inenranca Co,
175 Broadway, New-York, Oct. 10, 1871
This Company is prepared to pay cash for all ita losers at Chicage,
which if every risk in force is burned up will amount to $726,500. aad,
after making paywent will show a surplus over capital of bee
$400,700,
A detailed statewent is preparing. and wiki be published as soos 8
cowpleted.
This preliminary notice 18 given to assure our friends asd cestomens
that the Company is sound beyond question, au! that the valae of ite
policy is not affected by the Chicago fire
RUDOLPH GARRIGUE, Prosideat.
JOHN ED. KAHL, Vice-Presdest.
HUGO RCHUMANN, Recretary
Williamsburgh City Fire Insurance Co.,
Office. 165 Broadway, New-York, Oct. 9, 1871.
CALD TO ThE PUBLIC.
The Williamsburgh City Fire Ins. Co. take this early opportunity
to inform its policv-nolders and the public that the great tre now rag
10 Chicago does pot affect its inancial standing, as the whole amount
risk. if all 1s totally destroved, which is not probable, is bat $83,000.
With a cash capital of $250,000, and a cash surplus of over $250,008,
policr-bolders are afforded a perfees guarantee against any contd y
N. W. MusgxoLr, Asst. See'v, EDMUND DRIGUS,
iBook Ad NAD
Queen, Fire JIstutnuce Nompas g
We desire to inform the iosaring public that this Company, baviag
closed its agency in Chicago nearly two years ago, losas nothing by the
conflagration in that city. W. H. RON», A
“7 "Lite Association of America.
OFFICE, 32 BROADWAY, NEW.YORK.
CARDINAL PRINCIPLES
Safety and fair retars to policy-bolders. Economy and energy ia mam
agement. All profs equitably divided amoug policy-bolders.
Policies non. forfeiting, fair surrender value guarasteed by charter.
Evers State has ous or more representatives in tbs General Board of
Directors. WILLIAM BARNES, Actuary.
C.F. Bunxms, Attorney.
Best Bargains Ever Offered in New-York.
WHITE FRENCH CHINA DINNER SETS, 157 pieces. $32 00
COLORED and GILT FRENCH CHINA DINNEK SETS... 73 00
COLORED asd GILT PRENCH CHINA TEA SETS, 44 pieces 10 09
BILVER-PLATED CASTERS, 6 out bottles. .......oo0ne
SILVER PLATED TEA SETS, 6 pieces best plate... 2”
4
gil

ee
SBILVEK-PLATED TABLE FORKS, the dosen.......
COLORED CHAMBER SETS, 11 pieces, English make.
Together with
A PULL ASSORTMENT OF
CHINESE and JAPANESE
PORCKLAIN.
Ww. J. F. DAILRY Ce.
No. 631 Broadway
ete
Lea Perrine Sure.
“war ONLY GOOD SAUCE.Y
Lea Perrin Sut
Promeunced by Coanelsseurs
“THI ONLY GOOD SAUCE.”
It improves appetite and Aigestion. and It is wurivaled lor its favor.
We pA SE Messrs. LKA PERRINY to prosecute all paitios
making or vemling coanlerfeite
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS,
LA AGENTS. NEWYORK.
Deviled Meats for Lunch, Breakfast, &ec.
W. UNDERWOOD Cas original aad oaly geaaine se a dell
cions relish for the table.
Sold by the bast grocers. Wholesale. 306 Pulte ot
“Peosi-Ofice Notice.—The malls for Ku during the week ond
ing SATURDAY, Oct. 14, 1871, will close at rere p ding ibe ve of 11)
on Wednesday at 13, on Tharsiay at ily and on Satarday at 12.
nH JONES, Postmaster.
Giouts’ Dress Hats, Seven Dollars,
WARNOCK Co, 5Ly Broadway.
DiLD.
Guental Notices