o
JAMES B. FERGUSOnT Editor
Bi’idsclon. October 30, 1871.
chicagoT
We have now information sufficiently full
in regard to the Chicago calamity, to give
an authentic and connected account of its
origin and progress. To understand it
clearly, it is necessary to have an idea of
the
PLAN OF THR CITT.
Lying upon tho western shore of the lake
it is divided into three parts by the Chicago
river and its branches. The channel of the
river about a mile, runs east and west at
right angles with the lake shore. It then
separates into two branches that come re
spectively from the north and south, togeth
er forming a channel parallel with the
course of tho lake. The city is thus divid
ed into the North fide, South Side and
West Side, as popularly designated. The
river is crossed at most of fhe streets by re
volving bridges, though recently tho plan
of tunneling under the river has been
adopted with success. The principal busi
ness part of the city lies just south of the
river, aird between the lake and tho South
Branch.
In some parts of the city, buildings, side
walks and all had been raised up from the
low muddy level of the original site. But
in many parts, the houses were raised up,
the curbs built up six or eight feet of solid
stone wall, and the space between filled in
for a carriage way, while the sidewalk con
sisted of miles of plank laid from the line
of the bouses to the curbstone. The street
now shows nothing but ruins along an ele
vated embankment as though an army bad
been fortifying itself against attack.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
Late on Sunday evening a boy went into
a stable on Dekoveu street, near the river,
on the West Side, to milk a cow, carrying
with him a kerosene lamp. This was
kicked over by the cow, and the burning
fluid scattered among the straw. This was
the beginning of the great fire. A single
fire extinguisher on the ground, or active
work by tlse police in tearing down one or
two shanties, would have prevented the
spreading of the flames; but the engines
were waited for, and when they arrived,
the firemen, stupefied by their exertions at
the fire on Saturday night, worked slowly
and clumsily. Their efforts were unavail
ing, however, as the wind blew a gale from
tlie south-west. The flames spread rapid
ly from house to house and from yard to
yard, until the district burned the night be
fore was reached. Meanwhile the flames
had crossed the river north of Twelfth St.,
to the South Side, and were soon
RAGING BEYOND CONTROL.
Tlie Board of Trade, Court-House,
Western Union Telegraph, and Associated
Press office, and hundreds of other build
ings were all in flames. The air was filled
with live coals, which were hurled to the
north and east, carrying destruction every
where. The fire engines were powerless
for saving. All that men could do was to
blow up buildings, but thi» availed little.—
The Time.*, Pott, Republican, Journal, and
other newspaper offices, the Western News
Company block. Field Leiter’s establish
ment. the Diake Block (recently built), Far
well Co’s, all were soon in ashes. It
seemed that no sooner had the flames struck
a wall than it went directly through, and a
very few minutes sufficed to destroy the
most elaborately built structure. Tbe walls
’"iViimel? 'iVWri'ftfl’ VAe W tfWUrt
moment for the fire to enter the south ends
of buildings, fronting on Randolph, Lake,
and Water streets, aud reappear at the north
doors and windows, belching forth in fieice
flames which often reached the opposite
buildings, and then the flames issued forth
from the buildings on both sides of the
street, would unite, and present a solid mass
of fire, completely filling the street from
side to side, and shooting upward a hun
dred feet into the air. Thus was street af
ter street filled with flame. Huge walls
would topple and fall into the sea of fire,
without apparently giving a found, as the
roar of the fierce element was so great that
all minor sounds were swallowed up, and
the fall of walls was only perceptible to the
eyes. Many of the buildings situated along
South Water street, buried their red-hot
rear walls in the water of the river, into
which they plunged with a hiss.
After destroying the best part of the city
on the South Side, the flames leaped the
river, and literally swept the North Hde.
from the North Branch to the lake, and
from the river to Lincoln Park. Of course
such a calamity involves great
Now was to be seen tbe most remarkable
sight ever beheld in this or any country.—
There were from 50,000 to 75,000 men, wo
men and children fleeing by every available
street and alley to the Southward and West
ward, attempting to save their clothing and
their lives.
Many were trampled under foot. Men
and women were loaded with bundles, to
whose skirts children were clinging, half
dressed, and barefooted, all seeking a place
of safety. Hours afterward, these people
might have been seen in vacant lots, or on
tbe streets far out in the suberbs, stretched
in the dust. These are the homeless and
destitute, wlio now call on tbe rich world
for food and clothing.
The suffering on the North Side was
heart-rending to witness. Fifty thousand
men, women, and children, Huddled togeth
er like so many wild animals, and in other
places 17,000 Hermans and Irish, praying
for relief, helpless children asking for bread,
heart-broken parents who knew not which
way to turn or what to say, and nothing to
do but to await the distribution of supplies,
which, at best, must be a slow proceeding,
present indeed a lian-owing scene.
It is reported that 500 lives were lost,
though no accurate estimate can at present
be given.
MEASURES FOR RELIEF.
With a promptness and liberality that
does honor to human nature, people were
everywhere aroused to prepare and semi re
lief. Cooked provisions were poured into
the city in a few hours, and Gen. Sheridan
bad army tents procured so that, food and
shelter were soon temporarily provided.—
Then began the noble work of collecting
means of relief, to meet the case of the des-
titute, until they were able to help them
selves. New York contributed over a mil
lion, and other cities accordingly. From
Trenton $20,000 were sent. The railroad
lines were placed at the disposal of all who
had anything to send. The Erie belief
Train went through from New York in
about the shortest time on record—every
express train being obliged to stand aside
for it. And this movement extends across
the ocean. In London $85,000 were sub
scribed in. two days. The sum of $40,000
was sent from Paris. Salt Lake City gave
$25,000. The Chinese ini.. San Francisoo
gave $1,300 unsolicited. From every town
and village a spontaneous offering is being
made.
There is now plenty for all, and the Im
mediate pressure of want U over. Tb#
i-j. -wew.», 'ga^
Winter is coming on, however, and some
trustworthy system of organisation ehonld
immediately be put into operation for af
fording a reasonable degree of relief to the
deserving and industrious poor- The sug
gestion is mado by the Mayor, in a procla
mation announcing that after consultation
with Gen. Sheridan, he hu placed the
whole matter of distribution of suocor of
all kinds iu the hands of the Chicago Relief
and Aid Society, an old and firmly estab
lished organization composed of men of
known capacity and benevolence.
INSURANCE OK LOSSES.
Estimates of the amount of loss, and of
available insurance are as yet very unrelia
ble. Tho general opinion is that $2"0,r00,
000 worth of property was destroyed, and
that tho loss of business, &c., will amount
to $100,000,000 more. Many insurauoc
companies are paying up promptly, while
others have suspended, and will only be
able to pay a per centage of the policies. It
is feared that the necessity of realizing on
stocks held as sesurity, may seriously un
settle values, and precipitate a financial
crisis. Last week was a time of wild pan
ic on the Stock Exchange at New York, but
the worst appears now to be over. The
city will no doubt bo
SPEEDILY REBUILT.
Everywhere the signs of enterprise and
reviving courage arc manifest. Tho remain
ing buildings on the south and West Side,
are taken for temporary offices for Mcrcan
t la Houses, Banks, Ac-, and arrangements
for building are already on foot.
There is no lack of energy and pluck
among the merchants and capitalists of
Chicago. As an instance of this, John B.
Drake, whose losses are enough to appall
an ordinary man, has already contracted
for the rebuilding of his magnificent block
for tho third time, and all along the burn
ed district whero the rain has sufficiently
cooled the ruins, the clearing away of
wrecks has begun. The country will best
assist Chicago in standing by her in her ef
fort to restore her crippled commerce and
industries. The city is quiet and orderly,
thanks partly to the good will of tho citi
zens and partly to tho coolness and energy
of Gen. Sheridan. The panic of disaster
should already be over, and the long, steady
pull of stubborn determination to retrieve
past losses is now to begin.
aUUlDi.fi I Ifl tudanoc I 8UAUUD.
The teachers and pupils in the Cohansey
Public School of West Bridgeton, were
startled on Tuesday morning last by the
falling of a large portion of the plastering
over the primary department. Several of
the children wero injured, and two of them
quite seriously, being cut on the head by
the hard mortar which fell from a height of
perhaps ten feet. The class room above
was occupied at the time, but no unneces
sary jarring took place at the time of the
accident. The children in some of the de
partments rushed for their teacher and
were speedily outside of the room. The
building was erected over twenty years
since, and is in pretty good repair. The
other ceilings should at once be carefully
examined, and no more lives endangered.
While our public schools in this city for
many years past have been far ahead of
most others in the State in many respects,
'he rapid advance in educational matters in
■tlier towns and cities lias left Bridgeton in
the background, so far at least as school
buildings are concerned.
Ten or fifteen years ago the present
buildings were considered up to the times
and all that were required, but with such a
rapid advance of population as there has
been here since that time, our school houses
toWilsw;ina$iWaiftW>
We need more room, and a school house
erected in the 2nd ward would be filled in a
short time, and those in the other wards
somewhat relieved from the excessive num
bers. It is impossible for any teacher te do
justice to so many scholars as most of them
have in our public schools.
SERIOUS ACCIDENT.
Another of those sad and too frequent
accidents which occur from the use of kci
osene, took place on Tuesday evening last on
the old Burlington road west of Commerce
street. A girl about 11 years of age,
daughter of Charles Llyod, while reaching
a lamp from the mantle-piece caught her
foot in a chair and fell upon the floor break
ing the lamp and igniting her clothing. She
rushed out of the door after her mother,
and when the met her the flames were circ
ling above her head. The fire was extin
guished as soon as possible, but her body
and arms were so badly burned that recovery
is very doubtful. Dr. Robert Elmer was
sent for, and all done for the little sufferer
that the skill of a physician could accom
plish. Seriously injured like the little girl
who lately died in Millville from the effects
of burns from a kerosene lamp, she, like
her, expressed a desire to leave for the bet
ter land where she hoped to find rest, and
ease from pain.
■°ince the above was written we learn
that she suffered until about half-paat one
o'clock on Wednesday last, and departed
peacefully. At the time of the accident she
was looking for her Sunday School book.
While the Chicago sufferers are receiving
the attention which they should from our
citizens, let not those who are in our midst
go without attention. A mother and seven
children remain to mourn the loss of sister
and daughter.
Significant !—A few days since a young
Democrat, bearing the cognomen of Jim,”
came reeling down Vine Street, West
Bridgeton. It was a fine sunny afternoon,
about 3 o’clock, aud “Jim” considering
the strength of the sun, was leisurely and
steadily making his way along the side
walk. After crossing and re-crossing the
street several times, and displaying the
usual ludicrous antics of a drunken man,
he came abruptly to the edge of a high
curb-stone, overlooking a deepgutter. Here
he hesitated, endeavoring in vain to balance
himself. All futile, however, for his eyes
were dim, and his feet slippery He tot
tered—he fell 1 As he grappled with an
imaginary gate-post, in vain struggles to
save himself; and ere his mouth had been
stopped with mother earth, he howled out
the piteous appeal:—
Parker Where's Parker
Is this, we venture to inquire, significant
of the cry which shall go up from Joel and
his disconsolate friends, when on the morn
ing of the 8th of November the telegraph
wires announce the fact that New Jersey is
safe for Grant in 1873, and that Walsh is
Governor elect by 5,000 majority.
Save the Ep.eing !—Too little attention
is paid to the reformation of law-breakers
and criminals. With the iron hand of law
should go the pleadings of the Gospel. On
the 8th inst., Rev. W. W. Moffett held re
ligious service with the prisoners in jail in
this city. On the 15th iust., Rev. G. W.
Eudcrs conducted divine service in the jail..
The proper authorities ought to make pro
vision for regular religious service; so that
ovary prisoner might be able to ssy, I
was in prison, and ye came unto me.”
A sight worth seeing— Wsnjunsler
Rrown’s Oak Sail.
ia~i a ^-.7 *i •r!nf
GREAT FIRES IN THE WOODS.
But for tho overwhelming calamity that
has reduced Chicago to a pile of ruins pub
lic attention would have been greatly ex
cited by the destruction of life and property
among the prairiee and forests of the west.
Fires have been raging in twe different sec
tions several hundred miles apart. One in
the eastern part of Michigan along the
shore of Lake Huron, south of Saginaw
Bay, of which the Detroit Foet gives the
following account:—
The counties of Huron and Sanilac,
which constitute the principal seene of the
fire, contain about 94,000 inhabitants. Of
these it is belioved that 10,000 are already
rendered homeless. They have loet their
houses, their bams, their stock, their mills,
even their clothing. 8ome of them almost
literally have to commence the world over
again, being nearly as naked as when they
wore bom. Tho people of Fort Huron are
in constant receipt of messages asking for
provisions and clothing, and the victims of
the fire are still flocking in from the interior
to tho towns on the shore. Already tho
towns of Verona, Now-River, Sand Beach,
Huron City, a portion of Port Hope, Cres
cent, Center Harbor, Elm Creek, White
Rock, Paris, Cracow, Minden. Foj restville,
and the Polish settlements near Forrest
ville, have been destroyed those on the
lake to the very water’s odge, as the docks
in many instances have been swept away.
These towns represent a population of at
least 6,000 people. Tho loss of property in
these towns amounts directly, without a
doubt, from $1,500,000 to $2,000,000, at a
very low calculation, and not including
lumber and timber destroyed. The vagueRt
guess-work only could estimate the lose of
property in the interior. Some of the peo
ple, burned out of house and home, were
substantial farmers, showing that the fire
has swopt over the cleared and cultivated
districts, as well as through the woods.
Port Huron is already a hospital for the
maimed and an asylum for the destitute.
Thompson's Hall, a long, low attic, in a
wooden building on Sixth street, is the ren
dezvous of tho poor wretches brought in
here from the north in tugs, steamboats,
and scows. Thence, after their primary ne
cessities are attendod to they are distributed
to the care of private families. The num
ber is destined to be larger, and the hospi
tality of the people of Port Huron is likely
to be stretched to the utmost. Last night
wo visited this hall. Three or four bed
steads had been put up, and half a dozen or
more straw beds were laid on the floor. On
these were stretched, in rows, thirty or forty
people, being the last cargo of wretched
ness brought into the town. Men, women,
and children, the latter ranging from a
dozen years of age to the sucking babe,
were lying in rows. They wore nearly all in
sound sleep wearied out in their prolonged
exertions In fighting the fire, in fleeing from
it, in standing in the cold water of the lake
up to their necks hour after hour. Feveral
of them apparently were kept awake by
their pain their hands or fingers, or eyes
or ears were bandaged, the fire having often
blistered them, and in some cases burned
their feet to a crisp.”
Anotlior fire equally disastrous to prop
erty, and still more frightful in its destiuc
tion of human life, has been raging in
Eastern Wisconsin along Lake Michigan,
and on the peninsula between Green Bay
and the lake about twoliundred miles above
Chicago. We givo the following telegraph
reports
Pishtego dates to the 12th, record the
utter destruction of the town. Four hun
dred dead bodies have been recovered, and
it is thought that three hundred more are
in the river, where the intense heat caused
«^?,Oer“','’,fhe velocity off tfe?
fire was so great that all escape was impos
sible. The loss of life will reach twelve
hundred.
A member of the Relief Committee sent
from New York with supplies, says the
only survivors were those who were fortu
nate enough to reach the water, many
throwing themselves inte mill-ponds and
clinging to floating logs a number of
these were drowued by being thrown from
their logs by maddened horses and cattle
that rushed into the water. The fire swept
over a tract of country eight or ten miles
wide. Every building and fence, and all
the timber has been completely destroyed.
The population of Pishtego numbered two
thousand people, one-third of whom per
ished that fearful night.
Reports from the east shore of Green Bay
place the loss of life fully as high as at
Pishtego. The same account states that
the immediate wants of the people are sup
plied, but largo amounts of provisions and
clothing will bo required for the coming
Winter. The Mayor of Milwaukee has is
sued an appeal to the people of the eountry
for aid.
The loss of life on the east shore in Dover
and Kewanee counties are appalling. All
communication is severed, and the terriblo
news comes slowly. At Pensaukee twenty
five dwellings were burned and several lives
lost. The destruction of hay, farm-houses,
ana lences in the vicinity is complete.
In Brussells, Dover oounty, two hundred
houses, comprising ths Belgian settlement,
were destroyed, and a large number of per
sons are missing. The people, in utter des
titution, are struck dumb with their losses,
and powerless. Houses, barns, farming
implements, and cattle all destroyed roads
are filled with oarcasses of animals—horses,
cattle, and sheep—dying from smoke and
heat, while hunger and starvation must be
endured by the wretched people. Mere
Kaure has been destroyed, and all its in
habitants are destitute, houseless and home
less.
It is reported that the whole country is on
fire from Green Bay to Menominee Depere.
Wrightown and Fort Howard are threat
ened. No rain foil for two months until
to-day, when copious showers were hailed
with joy.
Great numbers of wounded have been
brought to Green Bay. The scenes were
appalling. Men and women were partially
roasted alive, their eyes burned out and
their ears burned off. Advices from Fon
du Lac say that reports from the northern
districts grow hourly worse. The accounts
of suffering are unparalleled. Clothes,
food, and money are greatly needed.
Great fires are also reported in Calumet
oounty. Dwellings, barns, hay, grain, and
stock have been destroyed. All crops have
been destroyed.
Late advices say that the towns of Ma
rietta and Marnetti were partially saved.
The heavy rain which is falling has nearly
extinguished the fires in Calumet and Shee
boygan counties.
Accident on the Vineland Railhoad.
—On Tuesday last as the 11 A. M. train
was coming through Vineland it ran into a
horse and wagon, killing the horse and de
molishing the wagon. The gentleman and
lady in at the time, riding out for their
health, came near being killed, but fortu
nately escaped without serious injury. The
horse, on the approach of the locomotive
stopped on the -track, and before those in
the wagop could escape they were thrown
to the ground* somewhat braised and greatly
alarmed.
Lower than ever—Oak Ball prices this
Fan.
'iwti" 'MV. .KP.!»?m.’-«eai«
SILVER WEDDING
The. wooden, tin, and crystal weddings,
are all well enough at their appropriate
times, but that of the silver, is the most
substantial. The golden weddings so sel
dom take plaee iu this locality that tbsy are
not often referred to. Twenty-five years is
a long time in which to look forward, but
wheu the memory runs over the past, it
seems but yesterday to many who have
lived together happily for that length of
time. Thia was the caae with Mr. and Mr*.

Franklin Dare of this city, on Monday
evening last while greeting at least one
hundred and forty of their friends at their
commodious residonoe on Commerce street.
Notwithstanding they liavo both been ac
tively engaged in business pursuits for most
of the twenty-live years that have passed
away, time has dealt kindly with them in
impressing cheerful smiles upon the coun
tenance, while so many others have permit
ted the cares of life to make their impress
by being less cheerful and hopeful in dis
position. Despite all this however, the sil
very threads begin to mingle with those of
darker hue upon their heads, and the sou
and daughter-in-law remind them that soon
they will be on the doolivity of time’s hill.
May their journey down its steep side be as
happy and prosperous as the ascent to their
present position.
The large company after greeting the
“happy couple” entered into conversation,
and the time passed rapidly until all were
ushered into the apartments whore the ta
bles groaned beneath the weight of cakes,
confectionery, pyramids of cream, fruits,
and all the delicacies of the season. If any
reserve was displayed previous to that pait
of the entertainment it certainly vanished
then, as all attempted to cut their way
through. The supply was too great for the
demand, and after a long seige the army j
gave way for a host of younger reserved
troops who wore also vanquished after a
hard fought battle. At a late hour the
“old folks” retreated for their respective
homes, and we understand since, that after
an hour or two longer enjoyed by the
younger portion of the company they too
bid adieu to their friends with pleasant rec
ollections of an evening passed in ths most
pleasant manner.
The “silvery tokens left by ths guests
filled two good sized tables and was the
handsomest and largest collection tliat we
ever beheld on such an occasion.
The Proceeding:! of City Council
Bridoetok, Oot. 17th, 1671.
Council met at 7j o’clock.
Present—Mayor, Elmer, Dare, Kienzle
Roork and'Trenchard.
The Recorder being absent J. H. Trench
ard was appointed Recorder pro tom.
Minutes of the last meeting read and ap
proved.
Permits Granted.—Isaac Elwell, to build
addition to hie house on Broad St., 3d ward;
Enoch Abbott, to build barn on Irving St.,
1st ward; J. N. Bodine, to remove a ware
shed on Glass St., 3d ward; J. N. Bodine,
to build a barn on Glass St., 3d ward; J. N.'
Bodine, to build a straw shed on Glass St.,
2d ward; Stacy Matthews, to build a dwell
ing on Pino St., 2d ward; Geo. S. Hunt, to
build a dwelling on Mulberry 8t., 2d ward;
G. K. Bishop, to build a shop iu the rear of
his store on Commerce St., 1st ward.
David McBride presented himself and was
sworn in as Judge of Election of 1st ward;
John Camm presented himself and was
sworn in as Judge of Election of 2d ward,
Robert Vanzant tendered his resignation
as Judge of Election of 2d ward, which was
accepted. Charles R. Roary was appointed
and sworn in to fill the vacancy.
Bills ordered paid.—David McBride, $2,
turning marriages, births and deatl£f0P rn'
A petition of sixteen citizens asking the
Council to have a new street laid out in
the 1st ward, beginning at a point in the
west side of Laurel St, ruuning through
lands of Joseph A. Clark, Wm. J. Smith,
and Vineland Railway Co., read and Chas.
D. Burroughs, Robt. Parvin and Azel Pier
son wore appointed commissioners to lay
out the road
Application was made by Louis Gall to
sell porter, ale and cider; laid over for two
weeks.
Application of C. O. Davis Son, laid over
at last meeting, came up for final action.
Granted, and price fixed at $150.
On motion the Mayor was ordered to no
tify Charles Leake that unless liia license is
taken out within five days he must stop
selling.
The Mayor was requested to order the
members of the police fovee, whenever they
have good reasons to believe that any per
son or persons sell spirituous, malt or other
liquors without license, or on Sunday, or
violate any other provision of Ordinance
No. S, to make complaint before the Mayor
and subpoena such persons as they may be
lieve competent, upon the charge.
On motion Council adjourned to meet on
Tuesday evening, Oct. 81.
J. H. Trbkchard, Recorder pro loin.
m
Be Careful.—The disasters constantly
occurring from the use of kerosene are al
most beyond number, and yet notwith
standing the great danger in using it, there
are nunnreas in our miast wno continue to
take tbe risk of explosion and conflagra
tion, simply because compared with gas
and other lights, it is more economical.
Not long since a lady residing in one of tile
largest frame buildings in the central part
of our city upset a kerosene lamp and the
flames at once commenced to spread, but
owing to great presence of mind, she extin
guished it at once by smothering it with
carpet which happened to be loose over the
floor. From the great fire at Chicago orig
inally kindled by the upsetting of a kero
sene lamp, down to the most insignificant
accident, kerosene has figured extensively
in explosions, burning and loss of life. So
long as the slightest traco of any explosive
substance remains in kerosine oil, it is a
dangerous article, and as no one is sure that
the oil he buys is deprived of this risk, too
great care cannot be exercised in handling
it.
By reference to advertisement in another
column it will be seen that M. Carstens, at
the China store in this city, has for sale the
genuine Asteral Oil, which is warranted
non-explosive, and gives the most brilliant
light at a very moderate cost. For economy
and safety as a portable light it is unsur
passed.
From the above it will be seen that there
has been great destruction of life and prop
erty outside of Chicago, and it would be
well for the relief committees to take into
consideration the propriety of assisting all
to the best of their ability.
W At the Annual Meeting of the stock
holders of the Vineland Railway Company,
held on Wednesday, October lltb, the fol
lowing officers were elected Board of Di
rectors, Charles K. Landis, William A.
House, William Irwin, Henry G. Marquard,
David P. Elmer, Asbbel Green, Henry
Wheeler. After its election the Board or
ganized by tbe selection of Charles K. Lan
dis, President William A. House, Vioe
President; William Irwin, Secretary and
Treasurer. The Executive Committee is
composed of Charles E. Landis, William A.
House, and Ashbel Grew).
CW Is there a Bridgeton Pastors' As
sociation p
For the West Jersey Pioneer.
EVANGELICAL LIUHERAN SYNOD.
The Evangelical Lutheran Synod of New
Jersey, met in Stewartsville, N. J., on
Thursday evening, September 21st, 1371.
Synod opened with a sermon by Rev. J. W.
Lake, of Friesburg. The following were
elected officers President, Rev. D. Kline
Seoretary, Rev. A. Hiller; Treasurer, Rev.
J. W. Lake- There was a full representa
tion of clerical and lay delegates Mr. Ja
cob Kieozle, of St. John’s Church, Bridge
ton, was absent. The usual amount and
kind of business was transacted. Wc men
tion a few items Rev. Dr. Wedekind, of
New York City, forcibly presented the
cause of foreign missions, and more partic
ularly our missions in India and Africa, of
which he gave a very encouraging aocouut.
About one thousand souls lu India are
awaiting the return of our missionary, Rev.
Mr. Unangst, now in this country on ac
count of ill health, in order to 1>© baptized
and confirmed by Lim in tho Christian
faith. Rev. Unangst, said: “Brethren,
the more the Church, I mean all evangeli
cal denominations, are united at home, the
more will God own and bless tlie entire
work of the Church in heathen lands.”
Here is a strong appeal and argument for
Christian unity. Rev. Unangst with seve
ral other new missionaries will shortly sail
for India. Rev. G. U. Weiner, of Now
York, addressed the Synod on “Systematic
Beneficence.” Tho Synod unanimously
adopted and recommended to tho churches
tho General Synod’s system of The Lord’s
Treasury.” Two young men are aided by
tlie Eduoation Board this year to the
amount of two hundred dollars each. A
petition from St. John’s Church of Bridge
ton for aid was favorably acted upon by the
“Home Board of Missions,” and two hun
dred dollars were appropriated. Synod ad
vised that the relation between Luther
Chapel and Friesburg congregations be dis
solved, and that Luther Chapel apply to
Rev. G. W. Endors, of Bridgeton, for pas
toral care. A proposition to unite the
Synods of New Jersey and New York into
one body was favorably entertained, and a
basis of union presented by the committoe,
viz Revs. J. R. Sikes, G. IV. Enders, and
J. C. Dug, was adopted, and to he presented
by oar delegates to the New York Synod.
Synod resolved to raise and pay its share of
the $100,000, fnud of the Lutheran Board
of Publication,” located at No. 42, North
9th Street, Philadelphia. Tho Synodical
uvimvti niOTP J'11/HVUCU WJ bliu J lOTlutUl UU
Saturday evening. Rov. J. C. Burrell de
livered the Sacramental Sermon,” on .'un
day morning, when a large congregation
with the Synod surrounded the Lord’s Ta
ble, Rev. G. W. Enders preached the pre
paratory sermon on Saturday afternoon.
Rev. J. C. Dug preached on Sunday eve
ning. The parochial reports showed the
churches generally in good condition. After
a busy and harmonious convention, Synod
on Monday afternoon adjourned to meet
(D. V.) in 8t. John’s Church, Bridgeton,
A. D., 1872. B.
For the West Jersey Pioneer.
Pnblio Schools of Cumberland County.
The following items in relation to the
public schools of Cumberland county, may
be of interest to some of your readers:—
Whole number of children enrolled in
school registers during the year 1854; 1635
are reported as attending no school; 2642
have attended less than four months; 1655
added to 2642 make 4987 children, that have
either attended no school or else, havo at
tended less than four months, nearly one
half of the Children in the county. 1773
have attended more than four, but less than
six months; 6070 or nearly two-thirds have
attended less than six months.
lltm rvo wun ivti biicoo javta, aw .u __
all surprising that wo have so many men
who are earnestly advocating compulsory
attendance. Some look at the question like
this, ‘‘If the State has the right to take my
money and open schools, then I in turn de
mand that the State shall see to it, that my
morey is judioiously expended, or in other
words, I demand that the State shall see
that my money is not expended in vain.”—
A greater interest should be awakened
among people. How shall it be doue This
indifference on the part of the people, will
drive our Legislatures to pass a compulsory
act. Why do wo so seriously object to it
‘‘It takes away our liberties,” says one; so
says the slave of intoxicating drink, when
called upon to sign the pledge. A. J. Mun
della, wiitos to Gen. Eaton, as follows: I
may state, from long experience, that where
the ednoation of children is wholly depen
dent on the parents, selfishness or the in
difference, or intemperate habits of many
will cause a considerable number to he en
tirely neglected, or only partially educated
and in a country like yours, whore the only
guarantee for you*- free institutions, is the
intelligent assent and support of the citi
zens, the State and the nation have a right
to demand that those who share in the gov
ernment of the country and enjoy its priv
ileges, shall have had the advantage of ed
ucation and a virtuous training. In my
opinion the successful working of the
schools in Boston is mainly attributable to
the fact, that large compulsory powers are
exercised by the school board of that city.
J.
Music.—A concert of vocal and instru
mental muic will be given at Grossoup's
Hall, on next Thursday evening, October
96th, for the benefit of Trinity M. E.
Church. The programme has been pre
pared with muoh oare, and we believe the
lovers of musio may anticipate a treat ou
this occasion. The greater number of the
pieces will be vocal, which is a pleasant fea
ture in such an entertainment. Home, talent
alone is engaged in this concert, and judg
ing from the past, our oitizens will not fail
to encourage them by their presence. Tick
ets may be bad at T. F. Jacobs’ store, on
Commerce street, or of J. Dilks Son, on
Franklin street, and at the door on the eve
ning of the concert. Admission thirty-five
cents. Doors open at 7. Conceit will com
mence at half-past 7 o’clock.
Vmklahd asd Jackson.—The attention
of farmers and others is oalled to the card
of the above named firm which appears in
another column. Mr. Jackson is exten
sively acquainted in this part of the State,
and an energetic and reliable business man.
Those having produce to sell would do well
to entrust it with him and his partner, who
keep the run of the oity markets and are
enabled to command the highest price for
all produce placed in their hands. They
also supply apples by the barrel, wholesale
or retail.
At a regular meeting of Hope Council,
No. 3, Jr. O. U. A. M., held Wednesday
evening, October 11th, 1871, the following
officers were installed to serve the ensuing
term:—Jr. P. C-, 8. Albert Lanning; C., j
Samuel Garrison; V. C., Joel Murphy; R. j
S., Joseph E. Manuel; A. R. S., Edward
Jones; F. S., Frank Wood; T., James T.
Riley; Con., Albert Loper; W., Balem Ken
dall; I. 8., James Borden; O. 8., Alonzo
Loudenslager.
Lutox Orxrao of all the fall and winter
styles of millinery. Ladies’ and childrens’
furnishing goods, and a very handsome as
sortment of Kid Gloves, at Mrs. Fiulaw’s,
80 Cnmraeiee street, Bridgeton, N. J.
FACILITIES FOE TRAVEL.
A few years since Bridgeton was considered i
an isolated town as the facilities at that time
for travel were very meagre. Now it is quite I
a Railroad centre. Three trains leave our j
city daily on the Vineland road and three ar- j
live uaily—two from New York and oue from
Philadelphia. On the West .Jersey road we j
have threo trains daily to and three from
Philadelphia, one of them being a freight j
train. The Port Norrs road will soon be
eompleted, which wtil add still moro travel to i
and from Bridgeton and Philadelphia. What
our population need is an eaily and late train
on the West Jersey Railroad from B-idgeton,
the same as Millville is now fivored with. We j
are aware that those most interested in the
road think that it will not pay. Perhaps it
will not, hut the West Jersey Company can
afford to run tho extra train whether it pays
or not. The accotnm datinns now by way of
the Vineland rnute, with itu- fire the same as
by the West Jersey should induce that com
pany to put on another train in order to keep 1
up to the times.
Narrow Escape of Mb. Valsii.—Mr.
Walsh had a narrow escape from severe inju
ry last wci k, In Warren county. He had wi
lted ti e fair grounds in company with J. G.
Shipman, Esq., and Col. Robeson, ol Belvi
dere, Controller Runyon and Robert Rusling,
Esq. He left the fair grounds about 5 o’clock
P. M., to go to Morristown to fultill an en
gagement in the evening, driving to Manun
ka Chunk to meet tho down train on tile Del
aware and Lackawa.ia Railroad. On the
way an accident occurred which camo near
being serious in its results. There being on
ly just time to mako the train, Col. Robeson
started with Ids fast team to take Mr. Walsh
and his party to the station. When within
three hundred yards of tho station and while
the Colonel was getting the best time out oi
Ills horses, a down train on the Bulvirlere
road camo screaming along. Tito spirited
team gave one leap and landed the can iage,
a hopeless wreck, among the rocks by the
roadside. Tho party gathered themselves up
and each was a-tonished to find that neither
himself nor any one else was hurt, though all
were terribly shaken.
“A1 s for those who never sing.
But die with all their music in them.”
The above certainly can not apply to the
I largo and appreciative audience, which was
gathered in Grosscup’s hall, Wednesday
j evening last, to listen to tho harmonious
measures of the ‘-Vox Populi Glee Cittb,” ot
Philadelphia, the spirit and understanding
sang if nut the voice, and surely the sweetly
■lowing symphonies could not but find respon
lover of music. Many of the pieces were
•‘encored’'among which “Home sweet homo,”
with variations, a piano solo, was exquisitely
beautiful. “Meynheer Von Dunck” met
with tumuliuous applause, and Hie “Cork
Leg,” sang by special request was greeted up
roarouslv. A piece rendered on the piano
with Bute accompaniment, was considered by
many the best.
Altogether the concert was a grand success,
j and reflects great credit on the young, and
gifted leader. Wo sincerely hope the Club
will favor ns again, and that their visits will
not be liko the ange'is, few and far between.
The sweet toned piano used on the above
occasion, was from the establishment of B. F.
i Horner of this city.
Steamer City of Bridgeton.—This now
and splendid steamer made her trial trip on
ihe Delaware, on Wednesday morning last,
from Wilmington. She ran from Chester to
the Philadelphia Navy Yard in about one
hour—a distance of nearly seventeen miles.
The machinery w hich is all new, and of the
very best quality, worked like a charm and
gave great satisfaclion to both contractors
and owners. The timber of whicli she is con
structed is largely of Lteiawa.u ,,uk» „..k
She is braced with iron in the most substan
tial manner, and there is no better built boat
on the Delaware. Draws light on the water,
and is much higher than the original City of
Bridgeton. Her appearance is graceful as a
swan, and she “rides the water like a thing of
life Being re-built under the supervision
of Capt. R. T. Bender, the engineer; and
Capt. Jas. McIntyre, who will command her;
everything is constructed in the most approv
ed manmr. C. C. Grosscup, Daniel Williams
and others who have had the direction of the
work, also deserve much credit from thecom
pany for their efficient services rendered.—
The boat will be on the line next week.
REPUBLICAN MEETINGS.
On Friday of next week, Ihe 27th inst,,
Hon. Cornelius Walsh, and ether prominent
speakers, will address a political meeting in
Grosscttp’s Hall, in this city. A general in
vitation is given to members of both political
parlies. Mr. Walsb lias been speaking neat ly
every day for the past two weeks. On Moo.
d*r the 23d, ire will address two meetings in
Camden county. On Tuesday two in Glou
cester county. On Wednesday two in Salem
county. On Thursday afternoon he is to
speak in Vineland. In the evening in Mill
ville, and visit Bridgeton, Friday the 27th,
and addrest tire citizens of this place. On
the following Faturday he goes to Atlantic
county, and is engaged every week-day eve
ning until the election. Mr. Walsh makes no
prelcntions as a public speaker, yet lie never
talks without saying something, and has some
thing new to say wherever ho goes. Our cit
izens and all who have the pleasure of listen
ing to him will doubtless be favorably im
pressed with iris nraclicai common sense t.-tllr.
The Only 8cre Road—The road to suc
cess is very liatd traveling ar.d lull of awk
ward places. Fortune-hunting is like a hand
Inl uf pennies tossed into a scrambling crowd
only the strongest and most nnpiincipledget
any. Rushing for fortune is a mistake_
Steady perseverence and careful economy are
the sure paths that have success at the end_
Lay tho foundation of a fortune at once by
economizing your means, and save a large
percentage by purchasing your clothing of
Bennett Co., Tower Hal 618 Market St.,
half-way between Fifth and Sixth streets,
Philadelphia.
It is usual for reports of growing crops
to be bad, and those of gathered harvests
to lie good. This year’s returns, as finally j
summed up by tho Agricultural Bureau, do j
not differ maternally from the customary
statements. We had sufficient doleful
prophesy, when the crops are yet in their j
immaturity, but, after all, the authoritive i
announcement from Washington shows that j
we have sufficient agricultural basis for the I
usual Thanksgiving Proclamation.
The RaiLhoad Lease.—Chancel'or Zabriskle j
rendered his decision on Wednesday morning last, j
stating that the iujunc Ion must be denied, and j
that the order restraining the defendants from ex-
edition of the lease vacated. The counsel opposed
to the lease intend to give notice as soon -.s the i
reading of decisions in other cases is concluded of l
an appeal taking the case from the ourt in han
cery to the Court of Appeals, the State court of last
resort.
Fancy Furs in full variety and very cheap.
Finlaw will make no misrepresentations but
challenges the world to beat him in quality
and prices. See our childrens sets at $3.00.
Sablo, fine quality $15 to $30. Siberian
pquirrel, $G to $!0 first quality! S9 Commerce
street, Bridgeton, N. J.
Hats and Gloves.—All that is desirable
for men, boys, and children, largest assort- j
ment and lowest prices in South Jersey.—
Customers save more than their tare on the
cars by purchasing at Finlaw’s, 89 Commerce
Street.
Good as a feast—a glance at Wanamaker
Brown’s Fall Stock.
$2,000,000—worth of Clothing sold annu
ally by Wanamaker,
RocKniLL Wilpon—Our readers desir
ing new, fashionable, and elegant clothing for
fall and winter, will find if to their advantage
to call before purchasing elsewhere, at the
magnificent establishment of RockhiH Wil
son, G0*3 and 60o Chestnut St Philadelphia,
and they will not be likely to leave witbouf
wisely investing in a new suit, as [the stock
is immense, and of such a quality as to
please the most fastidious.
The economical will not fail to approve of
the prices, as the supply of goods being al
most unlimited, the firm i* enabled to sell at
the very lowest market rater.
For years this firm has b©en well known in
business communities, and deservedly enjoys
the enviable reputation of strict, business In
tegrity, and reave and cordial demeanor to
ward customers.
Being one of the most extensive establish
ments in the'country, and purchasing largely
for ca#b, the above named firm is prepared
to compete in quality and price with the most
desirable. It is an erroneous impression that
because some goods command higher prices
on Chestnut street than elsewhere, that cloth
ing is consequently not so cheap there. Those
who desire garments of the very best quality,
made in superior style, at moderate prices,
cannot do better than call at the extensive
establishment of Rockhill £l Wilson.
Tlio Treasury Department announces
that the Government has saved $220,484 by
the destruction and loss of fractional cur
rency.
EnT" Rev. George W. Enders will preach
at the Alms House on Sabbath afternoon next
at three o’clock.
Wanted.—Good white potatoes wanted
at this office.
STATE OF NEW JERSEv7
Executive Department.
A PROCLAMATION.
Whereas. the legislature of
the *taie of New Jersey, didst
t he last session pane a lavv, en
2 tiled “An Act relative to Bii
j bi-ry,!’ r. copy of which it mr.de
h iinrt o! thie Proclamation.
Now. therefore, 1, Theodore
F. Randolph. Governor oi the
oi New Jrr.-ey, do hereby enjoin upon all chu f
juatcsi) oi-iicers Of this Slaw, upon all l.joal magis
rote?, upou sheriff1* and their deputies. noon police
officer.- had constables ana upon »;l iffi.-ers of the
-tale who lis.v especial y «a!ceu upon themselves the
oath to bear true faith and allegmnce to the jtovern
ruf nt of th 8 State. t see that, to the best of their
ibiiity, the provisions of this law he fully and f.tith
full} executed
An«i I da timber enjoin upon tha State Attorneys
for tne severs! counties of the Slate, the prompt and
I rigorous prosecution, without fear or 'avoi.ofati
persons or corporations «ho may in ?ny de^roa ren
der therr.*€iv.-9 Itabl* to the penalties cf the law
A^ain-t bribery at Elections.
An i 2 do further enjoin upon all good crizens of
-Lie StHie the execution cf this lhw.a* (ares in iheir
power lies, by rendering inlorniniion to mn*.i-tra«cs
and to Grand Juris-, that w'll serve te cause tne ar
rest and conviction or any officer oi any corporation,
>v ote^r person or persons, who may, nirectly or in
directly, bribe or attempt to br be. or "ive means to
br;o», any voter of this State, or tnav be guilty of re.
ceiviag a bribe from any person of corporation by
which a vote may b> icfjueneed.
And 1 no hereby offer a r-ward of ONE HUNDRED
DuLURj for the arrest and ce miction of soy and
«very person who may be found guilty cf violating
the provisions of said law at iha oomin** el-V'lion in
I 11 -.7 <1 i __ .ra:rurH‘j In l _> r.ci. 1 nr.'i' tUn
amount expended for thin pu2po«e shall raach the
"umof *TYK THOUSAND I'JLLARd.
The aftldav ts of persona upon which the arrest
ip.d convict.*.ns shall be had. determining the claim.
f»f reward, and the priority of conviction, to de
lermii e to whom, within the aggregate amount, the
reward* shall he paid.
Given under my hand and seal,at Trenton
[seal thii seventeenth day of Ocicber, eighteen
hundred and seve? tv-one.
TilK->l/OR K F. R ANDTLPFI
Attest: AntHca E Bfows, Acting Private Secretary
oct 20
STATE OF NEW JERSEY.
AN ACT RELATIVE TO BRIBERY.
1. Be tt exacted bt tpk Senate and Genkf.al As
skmbi.y <r the .statr ot New Jsksey, '1 hat coy per
sou convict' d of. hereafier, in any way. directly 01
itid rectly, off. ring, promising, procuring, conferring
aei-epnng. receiving or taking any money, property
t iir.g in action vicinal*, drink, preferment, or othci
consideration, by way of fee, gif% or gratuity foi
givmg or refusing to give any vote in any election o
m}’ public officer, state, countv, or municipal what
ever. or an v member of the Congress of the Unitco
Sta e3 fliall, in addition to any punishment now im
jmsed by at *tue or the common Jkw. be deprived o:
the r ght of -uftYage and such additional puniah'r.eni
shall b* r a t of i he judgment of the court in which
the conriction is had.
2. and B3 it enacted, That any corj oration. whose
manager*, officers, or agents, or any of them, shall
iup ih-nmn y or property of said corporation, or
any other money o- pronprty to effect any of tn» un
iHwf.il purposes in the first ’section of thin act men
nr in the fir.r nessjon of an act approved
Aprn second, one thousand eigf thnnureti »r.<t -\xiy
n ne. entitled A Further Supplement to the act en.
iitied. An Act for iho punishment of crirooV ap
proved April sixteenth, one thousand eight hundred
a- d forty six. shall, if the said money or property be
allowed by m-h corporation in account to su2h
m» i«b-ers, officers, or agents, or anv cl them, or be
repnilbysuch corporation to such managere, offi
cer*, or Maents, or any of tnem forfeit its charter;
and all officers of «aid corporation who shad in any
wipe assent to such appropriation o' the money or
property of such corporation, or shall not, after
being informed of such use or intended use, of the
money or property of such corporation, ask, in wri
j ting, that his d-ssent therefrom be recorded on the
minutes ol said corporation’s p'.eeting*. and send to
'he prosecutor of the pleas of the count? in which
the meetings of the com pan v are usually held, a
i copy of such request, with a detailed statement o(
the information on *hieh he acted, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof,
he deprived of the right of suffrage.
3. And he it enacted, That in ease anv of the said
ner-ons in this a* t mentioned, who shad lie convict
«d ./f any of »he offences above set forth, shall be
»mn resident* of tl i-* state they shall, in addition to
the miniahmrnts before do«*cribed, be deemed nDd
held incapable oi performing any official act within
thi* state for the benefit of g'ch corporation, but
shad, m all respects so far as to bind such corpora
tion he competent as before.
4. And b* it enacted. That whichever of the par
ties to an act of Vnb^rysbail firsi.complain, in writing,
under o-ifch to a m *Ri~tra?e jin this state, o« the other
i “hall be exempt from the pains and penalties in
3’cted upon such fir*t complaining party hv any law
-f this wtate. provided, such first complaining part?
I shail also aend a copy rf such written complaint to
die prosecutor of the pleas of the oouniy ir. which
the the offense shall have been committed, within
i '>n<* w«ek alter the written complaint to the magis.
trate.
And be it enacted, That thin act shall take effect
immediately.
Approved’ March 81*t,1F6l.
In Bridgeton, on the 14th Inst, Mrs. MARY
FLANAGIN, aged 74 years.
THE WAY TO GROW RICH,
Practice Economy,
Look aft.r small
things. The big ones
will take care of them
selves-. Happiness sel
dom comes with for
tunes made at one
hazardous siroKe.ora
gambling speculation
AND
the magnificent struc
ture is reared stone
by stone. No man
can
ENJOY HAPPINESS
who is reckless in his
dealing. A £>ol ar
sr.ved in judicious ex
peLditure
IS
a Dollar earned. Mon.
ey can be saved.
IN PRACTICING ECONOMY
and seJeeting from
our new and exten
sive assortmeutcf Fall
AND
Winter Clothing for
M*»n’s, Youth*. Boys'
and Children’s wear.
B*ar this in mind
wh*n
PURCHASING YOUR CLOTHES
that this splendid
St*ck has heen pre
pared and finished by
Skillful Workmen, of
the finest and best
materials, made un in
the most substantial
manner, and in the
latest Styles, at the
weli-Known economi
cal prices
OF
she cheapest, bes*.,
end. to the purchas
er, most Satisfactory
Clothing House in
Phil .delphis.
Bennett Co., f Half wav between
618 Markrt St,
PuiLuman i *,xth Str-H*.
July 21-'7l
Trust what Time bus Sanctioned.
The maxim that the voice of the people is the
voice of the diviuity, may iu some cases, be open to
doubt, but the testimony of honest pni enlightened
witnesses extending through a seiies of years, and
all to the same purport, is worthy of credence ad*
mi s no question. Upon such testimony the rep
utation of Hostetter’s 8tomaoh Bitters as an anti
dote and cure for many ailments is based. During
the iweoty years that it has been before the world
innumerable preparations intended to compete with
it, have gone up like rockets, and comedown the
extinguished sticks. Meanwhile the progress of
that iueomparable tonic has been swift and steady—
always upward and onward like the eaglets flight
Its introduction produced to be one of those saluta
ry revolutions that fp.nnct go ba-kwards. Today
HoetHter’s Bitters is one of the moat popular rem.
ediee in Christendom, and commands a larger sale
than any other medicinal preparation, domestic or
imported on this aide of the Atlantic. As a cure for
dyspepsia,billious disorders,nervous affections,gen.
eral debility, and as a preventive of epidemic fevers,
it tabes prectdence of every other remedy. Thi*
fact shouid teach the ambitious ceun ry dealers who
endeavor to foist tbeir local abordious on the public
in i.te stead, how lii- e their small attempt* to cojole
the community must necessarily be. When the
garm» fl.*h have* faded there no f«-*r the
BRIDGETON PRICES CURRENT,
New Wheat.$1 40ue. j Potatoes 50
Corn, 75 Butter, 30
Rye. »'J i Eges. 30
Outs, 45 Hams. 15
Clover Seed, 7 00 j L»r.1, 1"
Herd Seed, go Pork, 3
MAIiRIEi).
..’“J&liS'Is- oc 14lh Inst.. by Rev. O. W. r-nde«,
Mr. GEORGE HAA F to V 1-3 .VARYELIZABETH
HEFNER, both oi L'eetfleid towu-hlp, unberland
county, N. J.
*?Sihe 6*?' h?the same. Mr. LOUIS KIR
'HER to Miss HENRIETTA WEINBERG, both ot
Bridgeton.
WApJ^nt-ufi’ l7,r7T- H. Beadle, ALFRED
AGEM.SH of Bridgeton, to Miss SARAH VOW
i ELL of insJow.
_DIED.
•tyass&asuf °rLi
r,fTnZ dca,V s,Kt'6r' i!1 'tnetber evidence
She* tii^ M1.3, ,f7u® re"Bmn n; hristln the soul.
?”5'• Addison, could cal! her triend3 to her
*’®d1"!d®' see bow happy a Christian can die. She
embraced nilst as her savior, and died In the
triumphs of faith. Her last words were Jesus,
i ",e,us Death's cold waters were temper
Pf'eeence of God. She walked through
tiieaaik.datk alley, as upon the delectable mount
lor Ruiniugonos were with her How applicable the
words o» i ne Psalmibt. used for the hasU of her fu
ner.nl sermon—*■-precious in tho sight of the Lord i
tho death of his saints
Farewell conflicting hopes and fear*.
Where lights and shade alternate dwell.
How bright the unchanging morn appears.
Farewell, inconstant world, farewell.
In Bridgeton. Oct. 14tb. Mrs. PH ELBE M. BOBBI
SON. wife of the lateDaniel Robbison,aged 20 years
and 15 days.
PLATED Call Bt-lls ac«i lea Beils of a variety ot
stylos, /or sale by
TRUMAN A ?RaW
No.83ft (EightThirir-fire) Market street
Uelow Ninth, Philadelphia.
ODD FORKS—a variety of pattern* rf Table
Fork* may be had ir. «nv ntimber desired «t
TRUMAN A 8HAW.
No.83® Eigb t Thirty-five) Market street
Reloa Ninth. Philadelphia
EVERY Housekeeper should rein# mber that we
keep a stock of Hardware adapted to their
wants.
TRUMAN A SHAW,
No. 835, (F’ght thirty-five,) Market ■tree:.
Below Ninth, Philadelphia.
WANTED,—A r^erertable youth, about l« years
old. wanted, to curry paner* and i.eeiet In the
xtcrc: one who doe* rot n«« tobacco preferred.
oct. 2VI t A 8TURGE. Laurel S:-. Bridgeton.
BE CAREFUL!
The great fire al Chicago was caused hv th$ upset
iDg of a lieroeene ’amp. AVOID DANGER b u*.
mg
PRATT’S
ASTEAL OIL,
Warranted Non-Explosive.
For Wholesale and Retsi’, at
CARSTEN'S China Storo,
21 Uommer' e St., Bridgeton.
DON’T FAIL T'J TRY IT.
ont. 20-1 m
A Bspreeentativa sad Champion of Ansrican
Art
THE ALDINE:
An Illustrated Monthly Journal claimed to
bo the handsomest Paper in the
World.
THE ALPINE, while issued with all the reeutasit,
has none «f the temporary or tiinely inf-rest uh»r
icteristic of ordinary periodicals. It i« an elegant
miscellany of pure, light, and graceful literature, and
a collection of pictures, the taron sneeimena of «r.
Italicskill.in black and white. THE ALMNE ia a
unique and original conception—alone ant! uoap
proached—ahsolu ely without ccmpglitlon in tiriee
or character.
TERMS FOR 1872,
One copy, ope year, w;th Oil Chrome. %h no
j Fire copies, ,0 oq
Any person wishing to act. permanently, ar onr
agent, will apply with relerence, enclosing 00 for
ouilit.
JAMES Sl'TTO* dt CO.« Publishers,
out 6) S3 L-oerty Street, New VorK.
rBime sale
VALUABLE MILL PROPERTY!

•Situate in Greenwich towrrhip. Cumberland county.
N J- Large, substantial mill home: t h r.u n c f
urr«, and a never faiiini- etream of water. A good
«*fancl for outturn work, and un?urpa,*Hed a* a mer
chant mill, within a quarter of a mite of a station «n
iho Vineland Railway, two mil®* from Greenwich
and five miles from Bridgeton. For particular* en
quire of BEN.J. SHEPPARD, on the premise*, or of
G XV. FINLaW. Bridgeton, X J. oot. 2o-4t
LADIES’ FANCY FUB.S
John Fareira,
718 Arch St.
Middle of theblock, be.
tween 7th and 5th
St*.,So. aide,
PHILADELPHIA, PA..
Importer, Manufacturer
and Dealer in all kinds
and quality of
FANCY FTOS
FOR LA DIES CHIL
DREN'S WEAR.
Haying imported a very
large and eplerdid a/,
kind*rf Fur* from fim
sd them made up by the
d respectfully invite the*
and examine hia very
i w'ow. v,..ent of Fancy Fur», for
La die* and Children. I am determined to Pell at a*
low prices aa any other respectable Hon*e In thia
city. AII Furt warranted. No misrepresentation tr*
i efiect rales.
JOHN FAREIRA,
oct C0-3m-W 718 Arch Street. Philadelphia.
i 1115 Wm. T. HOPKINS, 133
j 1115 CHESTNUT St.,(Giraid Kow,)
A NT,
1 133 No. Eighth St., (N. E. cor. 8th and Cherry,)
PHILADELPHIA,
I Manufacturer and Denier ef oar Four Great Special
i ti.a. Oar Celebrated Champion Hoop Skirts, inclu
j ding 380 styles and siies, for Ladies, Misses and CbiL
I dreu. Manu'aetu-ed to meet the wants of first elsss
j trade, at the lowe-'j price*.
j CORSETS in 127 **tyle? ard grades to meet the
I want? of al:, from 40<* fo us per pair,’nciudin*
Thompson’?Glove Fiitine. Rob’t Werly’p, J Beakel’e.
Mad. Toy's >1r.*». Moody*? Miese*’ and Children'? Cor
ots. Ac, together with everv other desirable make
j si prica* bevor.d c« mneMtion.
PaNIFIR B-'Sl LEBin 55 varieties,from 8*'c to |8,
inr*ludin£i Hair Cloth. 75c.: Bon Ton, 47c.; Nil??on,
*3‘\; New Broadway. 6<o Eiert *lk\. ?nd every other
desirable Buetle at lower price? than at any ether
parties in the trade.
LA DIFS' l NDERGAKMFNT3 in every quality,
from the finest to the lowest prices. lurked and.
Fancy Muslin Ski»t«, in 22 varieties, from 7jc. to $7
Chemise? from fQ\ »o ft 75. Drawers, 60c. to 50.
Night Dre??ee. Jl to $9 6\ Toilet Sackh. 81c to $6 43
Corset Covers, $1 to {5 5i>*. A prone, Misses’and Chil
dren’* Under Garment*. 4c
We have the largest, b*>*t and cheapest line* of the
above good? in Philadelphia. Every purchaoer ear
*ave time and money by examining them. Whole
sale and Retail. oct.20.3m-W
Important Chancel
i
j The BALLOON will leave Bridgeton on Monday*
and Thursdays, at 1 o'clock, P. M.. «nd leave Phifa
i on Tuesdays ami Friday*, at 3 o’clock, P. M.
Fare, 73 Cents.
I Freight taken at usual rates. sng.*5tf
Vmland Jackson,
Wholesale Commission Merchants,
811 and 212 West Waahl ugton StM
NEW YORK.
Csnsignmsnts of all hinds of Country Pro duo®
Solicited.
Will accommodate all who wish with New York Ap
pies by the barrel, at the Lowest Rates.
oct 13 4t
HOtJSESin Bridgeton, from $1,000 to $6,000,.
For Sale on Fai*y Term*. Ready to occupy at.
once.
oct6.1m-pd It J. MULFORD A BRO.
A I)M lnIsTRATOU’S SALK
OF
REAL ESTATE.
Pursuant to an ordrr of the Orphan's Court of the
County of Cumberland made on the 22d rfnv of 7tb
month, 1871, will be sold at PUBLIC SALE, on
SIXTH DAY, 1st of TWELFTH MO.>
next.,on th« premises; so much of the Real Eetate
j of the into Perry Johneen, deceased, as will be euffl
cient to pay all his debts and expenses. Bale to
j corameace at 2 o’clock. P. M.
SAMUEL M. SHEPPARD, Administrator.
7thm, 28th, 1871.—aug. 5th, 4m.
THOMAS DEPUY. T
a No. 37 SOUTH SECOND STREET, i
5 Above Chestnut, East Side, Pfcijadelph a ‘2
Would eall the attention of those wishing toif
purchase Carpeting*, to his large and choiet A
line of Foreign and Domestic, both in relation 3
to qnaliiie, .swell ae styles. Also, Oil Cloths. S
a, Mattings, Rugs, Mats, Stair Rods, Ac., at the H
sj lowest cash price*. 2
DEPUY is B0i at No 3
O 213 South Second St root, but is with Thomas
Depuy.
sop 8 Sm—F and S—\V
AVOID QUACKS!
A victim of early indiaeretios, causing nervous
debilily, premature decay, 4e., having tried In vain
every advexnaed remedy, haa discovt *td a>simple
means of seif-cure, which he will fend free to hie
fallevr H. BITA*Ee,75 Nassau 8r.., New
York. »«q* xv-ij.A 1 Co,