DAILY PRESS.,
rOUTLAA^
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1871.
~~f5VEitr Repub1 ‘c-‘n r iu Maiue favors
tlic renomiuation of Gen. Grant.
The latest claim set up by the friends of
the Ku-Ivlux is that it is simply a social or"
ganization. The idea is doubtless a little
novel to us; but riding about the country at
midnight dressed in a long gown, aimed wilh
a revolver, or running the risk oi being tried
and shot lor disclosing the secrets of a meet
ing held in the heart of a dense forest or hunt
ing miserable radicals at night, shooting some
and thrashing ethers may exactly fill their
idea of the highest social enjoyment; yet
there are those that don’t agree with these
hearty and cheerful midnight marauders to
such au extent that they become ecstatic un
der a hundred lashes on the bare back oi ex
pect every night to enjoy the exhilaration of a
bullet through the head. Timid people would
much prefer the sociability of ike Arkansas
traveller, who demonstiated it by wiping his
fefet on his host’s best coat and spilling to
bacco juice over the dinner table.
Wenpell Phillips is generally held to be
an amateur rather than a professional labor
ing man. But he claims that he bemngs cl
right lo the laborers’ guild. It is a good sign
of ptogress when men came to boast of such
connections instead of flaunting their geneal
ogies in peoples’ faces. Mr. Phillips, in reply
ing to an attack by Mr. Hazewell, the histori
cal, statistical, eiieylopedie man of the Bos
ton Traveller,whom he lacetiously calls Dry
asdust-’as Carlyle might, says:
1 think Dryasdust, when he wrote that par
enlhe'ical sneer quoted above, lelt painfully
the ignorance which he confesses ol clam dig
girg and such like. Now it was always
lavorite of mine—that clam digging. 1 bavi
in my day dug more clams than Dryasdus
ever made mistakes in criticism, vast as tka
claim seems,—and with all soitsof hoes toi
—palent ones ami those improvised lor lilt
occasion; even a big clam-shell.
Indeed there is hardly any ordinary trade
or kind of manual labor, used in New Eng
laud, at wliicu l have not done mauy a day’:
wolk. Probably 1 have done more inunua
labor in any one month ol either of my lo-ty
five vears Ilian Dryasdust basin any twelve
months of even his ear'y and comparatively
liaimless years, before he :niotheied hicsseli
ill iuiuatiiv.i ■“‘.yv,. u
ebi:dien was, "Ask no mau to do for you
anything you ate uot able and willing to do
yourself.”
Political Notes.
The Rockland Gazette is of the opinion
that the "Labor Reform movement,” started
in this city, is futile. It thinks that “intelli
gence will give the greatest value to labor ant
secure the surest protection to the working
man’s interest.”
Tue Belfast Age, commenting on the Ne?
York election, finds great comloft in the re
suit. It says that the "time lias not yet ctm
v,'ben the people can be corrupted; and n
parly chains can be forged strong enough t
prevent their aeiiug in unity when the we
fare ol the nation is imperilled.”
isn’t the Maine Standard rather wastin
its space by indulging in such wholesale di
nuneiatioa of Geu. Grant? The people
fourteen of the largest States in Union hay
recently declared by means of the ballot, tin
they utterly discredit the ioohsh report thi
he is a venal, imbecile thief. The Standari
with such resources as it has, will have hai
work to reverse that decision.
Howthe President Feels.—TlieSprinj
fieri Republican, almost the only Republica
paper in New England that opposes Grant
renomination, allows ils Washington eorref
pondent to discourse as follows:
It is natural enough that the Presiden
should Lei jus*, a little elated with the receu
successes of liis party; not that tlieie is any
thiug peisonal in thein, yet alter all he is ti
profit by them immensely. If there wer
formidable rivals for the nomination, b
might tear the incieased strength of his par
ty; hut when only such men as Mr. Greeley
Senator Lcgan, Senator Trumbull or Senate
Sumner are mentioned as possible ccinpeti
tors, he is not afiaid ttiat the party will fee
strong enough to fling him over. But Gen
Graut is not iu a deliaut mood. Hi- ro-og-h
mmes° 'afviser!’ an
will make- upon that class of Repub
cans WOO. last writer, declined to support hi
Domingo scheme. His policy no
to win the support of all bonorabf
_Republicans. Such at least is the assertio
of some of his intimate friends hen
They say be will recommend dec.ded'relorm
in the civil service, and that he will let Sai
Domingo drift for the present. There ar
rumois, too, ol conciliation in New York
Murphy may voluntarily give up his place,or h
mav fifin-HlU f.O SlllotV liW.tnn onH nriml..
name some ot the prominent officers in tit
custom house so that there shall be amp!
security for an efficient man gement. X
short, the president is iu good humor, and h
is not inclined to interpret the elections in
■way to render him odious tolhose republicau
who are opposed to him. If I am rightly in
formed in this regard, his policy is to be etn
ineptly a a sagacious one—that is, conciliator}
and generous, at least till alter the election
Senator Coukling lias a hand, I suspect, ir
shaping the course of the president this win
ter, and with ail his faults, Mr. Oonktiug is a
mau of great abilities. He is infinitely supe
rior te Mr. Feutou, not only iu ability hut in
moral character.
Among republicans here Ihere is hardly a
peep of dissent to the re-nomination ot Gen.
Grant; hut iu Washington we leei the powei
ol ail administration keenly, and we caunol
judge of the feeling of the people on such a
subject. But unless there is a remarkable
change in opinion Gen. Giant will be renom
inated by the national convention. The
democrats saj so, and in such matters they
can sometimes judge better of the lorce ol
public opinion than we can ourselves.
An ’Unable follower.
Your correspondent, “Q,” has thrown liltn
selt into the defence of the Maine Central
Kailtoad, not in behalt of that corporation,
but for himself alone, that it might he defend
ed from unreasonable attacks made iu the
supposed (but not real) interest of Portland.
in these selfish and degenerate days, such
an exhibition of the love of justice purely lor
its own sake, in Ihe cause of an oppressed
railroad against an oppressive people, is as re
ft eshing as it is rare.
Philanthropists and reformers, gushing wiLh
affection for distressed oiders, or elasses or
organizations ol men, have not unfrequently
been harsh and severe towards individuals.
And so it should be no cause of surprise if in
this case l fiud myself accused, not only of
“mis statements,” hut of having made them
“recKlessly.” In his former article this writer
complained that I had made certain allega
tions or charges without book, suggesting that
it I ha i read the Idlest advertisement of the
Maine Central Railroad Co. I should not have
made them. Now, it is simply because I had
read that advertisement and took it for
granted that I could rely upon it. that I
lUe statements referred to. I went to first
for mj information, and if I have stated any
thing “recklessly” it is only thatthiug which I
gave upon the exclusive authority of the
‘nook” which the corporation had put into
my hands for my information. I gave the
facts as they gave them to us with positive
aud exact accuracy. It should be no cause
ol centure in tbelr behalf that I went to their
published notice and accepted it as (rue. This
notice, dates Nov. 7th, 1871 published in the
l’ortlapd papers, contains uo information in
respect to the departure of trains for Portland
18 1101 found the following extract,
line^etwcrtf ??,,b>c'jrrent, the new
open lor use, aud paSsen. d C“!?b?,r aud wia be
will be run to all pmmVo# al1 oiher trains
pot ol Portland Kennebec p'n« f5?“ t,lfe De
land only undjall iraius Ironithi. HnSiPo.rt
at that Depot only iu Portland ln' arriTe
trains lor Bangor and all iutermedi,tetmunser
via Lewiston and via Brunswick wnntallUD8'
one (1, p. m Sight Dxpress wiTh te,
(Jars, at 12 oO a. M., via Augusta, every uj„|.t
except Mondays. 1
Aliernoon passenger trams for Augusta,
Bath, and Lewiston via Danville, and all inter
mediate stations, at 5.15 p. m. Mixed train for
Augusta, Bath aud intermediate stations at G
A. M.
Your correspondent seems to tliink (hat
railroads may property live and labor for the
interest of their owners only. On the other
band I maintain that the Legislature has no
iigbt to charter a road with this view, or to
1 ns end’mpivly. it is only because railroads
are supposed to te of public utility as well as
of private emo'ument, that the Legislature is
authorized to create them. Private propeity
can never be take,,, it for raj| P
cept lor the public good. lf a raiiroad ron
mg two trains a day earns less money than
one which runs but a single train, yet if bv
running two it, upon the whole, yields a rea
sonable profit, and makes fair dividend it
ought to run two, if thereby the public con
venience is promoted, 0 I> c
Compulsory Kiduration.
THE RIGHT OF THE STATE TO ENFORCE
IT.
There is no better omen for Maine than
the interest evinced in the discussion of this
subject. Other reforms arc important, hut
this takes precedence of all. No effort should
be spared to make our people temperate, hon
est, piospcrous and happy, but they must be
intelligent before they can be secure in either
of these blessings. Our common schools are
not in so good a condition as they ought to
be, and only halt of the pupils attend such
schools as we have! Compulsory education
seems to be the only practical mea..s ot res
toring our boasted school system to its former
efficiency. An able writer in the Maiue Far
mer discusses the question of the right of the
State to enforce attendance on the schools in
a forcible manner. We quote:
Iu the first place we would remark that
this mlit rests on the same grounds as the
right, to lay taxes for the purpose ot providing
the means of education. If the State may
uke the money of Brown to maintain schools
lor the instruction ot Jones’s children, it may
also insist that Jones’s children shall come to
receive the instruction thus provided. To
suppose the former right to exist wi'hout th&
latter, would be contrary to commoa sense.
Tnere' are not wanting, to he sute, phiioso
pliers who deny the existence of either, but as
we have practically recognized It as the duty
of the State to maintain free schools for pub
lic instruction we shall be quite inconsistent
it we deny the supplementary right of com
pelling the attendance ot those for whom the
instruction is designed, whenever the necessi
ty of compulsion ex sts.
Again, me Slate nas always exercised the
right ol protecting the child from abuse by
the parent. The parent may not starve or
maim or otherwise maltreat his offspring It
is reasonable to grant him the right to deprive
them ot the means ot culture, such as will fit
them tor the duties of life? Is the intellect
jt so little importance in comparison with the
boby of the child that the strong arm ot the
law may iuterlere to prevent the parent from
injuring the latter, while it must leave him
freetostaive and stint the former at his
will? Shall we not rather say that it is the
most imperative duty of the State toward the
child to see that it is not defrauded by Us sel
fish or ignorant parents ol its (air share of in
tellectual culture. The parent is the natural
guardian of ilie child, and will, it is presumed,
prove a faithful guardian; hut in how many
instances, Known u> each one of our readers,
does the presumption fail? How often does
he saetifice all the interests intrusted to his
charge to his own selfish purposes?
I.mlcwl In .lw>... ,1... 1.
o-- --o
eminent to require military service ou juries
and in aiding tlie officers ot the law. Can it
h“ a less essential power of government to in
sist on such a training ol youth as to fit them
lor an intelligent performance of ad their du
ties toward the State?
It is generally conceeded by intelligent per
sons that popular ignorance, if not the source
trorn whence spring the gravest dangers that
thieaten the salety and well being of society*
is at least the congenial soil in which they
take ready root, and make tank growth. Sure
ly. as a means of precaution! against these
dangers the State way insist on the disper
sion of ignorance.
Yankee Note Shavers.—The Portland
Press is disgusted to find that in one of the
most flourishing vil'agei of Maine, containing
hut 2000 iuhabiia ,ts, there are twenty five men
among whom are some ot the wealthiest in the
town, the greater part having considerable
sums of money, yet but few of whom have no
visible meins ol support, and are practically
loafers. They have deserted the class of pro
ducers and live by shaving notes and by other
little speculations more profitable probably
y than respectabio. The indignation of the Press
is not without reason. Twenty-five note shav
h ers ia a population of 2006. is a pretty large
if percemage; and this, the same authority says,
e is not a single instance, every village in the
State of the same sire as the one referred ta
f presenting a somewhat similar example. This
it is Dot a good show for total abstinence Maine
and is probably considered by the vanquished
S rum-sellers as the natural effect of the law o
d compensation-that human nature is hound tc
have a certain amount of sin, and if it be re
pressed in oue way it will develop iu another
and may furnish the conundrum lor the politi
cal economists—whether twemy-five run
n shops would be more detrimental to a com
s m unity of 2000 than the same number of note
shavers. The fate of any one wbo has unfor
(unately become entangled in the net of eitbei
is do* te be envied—his destruction is simply
a question ol time in the majority of cases.—
1 Commercial Advertiser.
It may be doubted if the Commercial in New
i York, where they have such magnificent spec
i imens not only ol note shavers, bat thieves at
Jim Fiske, Daniel Drew and Boss Tweed and
numberless gin mills of high and low degree, it
best qualified to solve the conundrum that il
has proposed. There ia no question about il
1 here; we accept the note-Bhavers, or as we pal
iti the men who have a little money whicl
WLI- --—i—
j aie ignoiaut of the processes that the introduc
tion ot manufacturing enterprises have render
g ed necessary to success.
v Maine is in a transition state incident to i
new policy and the general introduction o
l new enterprises a tip the abandonment of ole
industries; consequently hundreds ol men o
moderate means are waiting for" the want o
j that knowledge and skill that it is expectet
the younger m“n will have.
A HiilDiian’i View of lbs Mailer.
“w. a.” TO THE RESCUE.
i To the Editor of the Press
i My sympathizers ate alwiTS with the under
dog in a tight, and why should they not he wiih
a friend whea set upon by newspaper corres
pondents,when the head and front of his offend
ing is simply saying that Mr. Morgan troze to
death in an old shanty. Perhaps “froze” was
not the best word to u«e, but if he did not
freeze it was because there was not moisture
enough in hie shrunken frame to chrystalize.
That he perished by cold, very few doubt.
My impression is that if he had had afire to
warm him, when be last went to his lonely
room, he would base been alive now. The
chi.I in his extremities gradually extended to
hisvUals and tbe frello circulation stopped en
tirely. ’Til said he had fuel, hut is it strauge
that he should be saving of it when he lacked
tbe means t» purchase more?
As to the definition of the term “shanty,”
individuals may differ. Judge Goddard seems
to think that his room was very comfortable,
but my recollection of it is that it was rather
open for cold weather, and this is confirmed
by the coroner who, allhough doubling your
assertion, said to me without asking,'hat when
he was called to take charge of the body and
room the pails of water within had a thin
coating ol ice ou i hem. But tbe room is still
to be seen by those who choose to investigate.
That tbe old man sojnetimes went hungry is
proved by a lady of my acquaintance wbo
lives near tbe city. He often called on her
and spent the day. She tells me that on his
last visit he asked for food immediately, which
she novel know him to do before.
That he was poor is manifest from the sale of
all his effects, furniture, cooking utensils and
wearing apparel, which produced less than
010.
On my last call at his room I found him sit
ting on the side of bis scanty bed mending his
nether garments, in his shirt, wifh bare feet
and legs, for tbe want of a change to put on.
He spoke feelingly of his poverty, his losses
by tire and the unproductiveness of his mven
t'ons and literary labors, which had cost him a
life time of toil aud study, saying aith a sigh,
1 am hut a beggar.” The room, bis figure
aud words weuld open the heart a miser. 1
am sure my benevolent feelings were fully
equal to my purse. I said:—“Your Masonic
friends assist you, do they not?” His reply
was:—“Yes, when no one else will.” Iam
pleased to see by your paper of to-day that
he afterwards in conversation with you bore
emphatic testimony to their generosity.
Hon. F. O. Smith, in yesterday’s Argus,
expresses a doubt of tbe truth of your state
wmjnaiucu ui iue an
uoyance of bad boys, who threw snowballs,
pebbles and the I ke at bis low windows, but
be may dismiss bis doubts, as it was a matter
of newspaper notoriety. Bespoke tc me of
it, and also requested his neighbor Blake to
ebase them away, they having broken his win
dow. It is creditable to Mr. Smith that he
gave Mr. Morgan a room, rent free, when non*
other offered.
Mr. Smith complains of his associates of the
Bar for neglecting Mr. Morgan in his poverty,
wheD alive, but sajs:-“They heard the trum
pet of dutj sounded by the voice of death, and
took his cold form into their kindly smbrace
an lonored bis memory as one worthy of
»ood aQd love‘” Mr- Smith is
they neglec^Jdo^8^ M .aBd Wbat
Bar Association. But on readinTTheTr J'Z
respecting his place of burial and un a
bouors, I was forcibly reminded of the remark
of the sister of Robert Burn,. w,!„
poverty, on beiug told that his friends in Ed
inburgb were about to erect an expensive mon
ument to bis memory. She said:—“Yes he
wanted bread, aud now they are going to give
him a stone.”
I am free to express that I did not do my
whole duty to Mr. Morgan, with whom I have
been acquainted forty years, and I am sorry
that be died as he had lived, aloue and neg
lected. It causes unpleasant reflections.
Windham, Nov. 17. \y. 0
A correspondent of the Rockland Gazette,
Who saw Gnn. Butler at Wiscasset, thinks he
‘‘certainly has not a large amount of‘personal i
pulchritude.’
Eleiua. i
The Illinois Legislature, now in session, has
under consideration a resolution instructing
the Representatives to Congress from that
State to favor the passage of an act giviDg all
honorably discharged soldiers and seamen, or
their heirs, 160 acres of land, without subject
ing them to the necessity of pre erupting and
settling upon the same.
The Zion’s Herald’d says that every minister
should preach often ou Satan. “Perhaps so,”
replies the Christian Register, “but editors of
religious journals should beware how they
allow him to become one of the leading con
tributors to their colurns.”
A letter passed through the Belgrade (Me.)
Post Office the other day bearing tbe follow
ing directions:—“To the Post Master to Bos
ton, Mass. Misther, plase sind this letter to
my frind Bridget Roberts who. duz Gineral
House work at No. 11 Camden street, and
don’t charge her nothing for I have paid three
cints.”
A pew in a fashionable church in most
American cities costs as much as the rent of a
Comfortable house for a year.
Reports from several counties in Maryland
are to the effect that the small pox is raging (o
an alarming extent, ©specially among the ne
groes.
The southern claims commission has already
received ten thousand claims for property dis
troyed during the war and it is reasonable to
expect that the number will be doubled and
perhaps trebled. Only 16 or 20 per cent, have
been favorably recommended.
The Roman Catholic Clergy in Ireland have
declared political war on tbe National schools,
on tbe ground that
“Because mixed education is intrinsically
and grievously dangerous to faith and morals,
and tends to perpetuate dissensions, insubor
dinations, and disaflbctioD in this couulrj,
those bolding different religious principles
from theirs, seek to violate tbe civil rights of
Catholic people by forcing upon them a system
of education repugnant to their religious con
victions, and destructive alike to their temporal
and eternal wellare.”
This is exploded by the Sunderland (Eng
land Times, which points out that ro far from
the system’s being “forced” on the Catholics,
it was tbe result of ao agreement, forty years
ago, between Archbishop Murray, of Dublin,
and Lord Stanley, afterwards Earl Derby, and
approved at the time by the Pope. The schools
aim to be Christian, but not seclarian, and tbe
(tUbUUIIg.ru UUU&S Ul ICB3UU9 lUitU Udll) IU lUCUi,
contain copious oeleclions from the Holy
8criptures, approved, when first compiled, by
the hehds of the rival churches. The schools,
as the Times remarks, hava not changed, but
Catholicism has, being now expounded in Ire
land by bigoted and stupid uTramontanes.
The West Pensaukee Suflcre.'i,
A LETTER OF TRANKS.
Mrs. D. D. Barker, in n letter to Mr. W. M.
Marks, thus expresses the thanks of the West
Pensaukee sufferers for the articles sent Irom
this city:
Thero was a splendid lot of them, and I have
doue tlij best I could with them. I sent word
all over town ior all who were burnt out to
come and receive ttteir portion, and I opened
my house to the suffering people, and have
had enough to do. Some days I did not have
a chance to get any diuuer, ior before odo lot
would go another would come. But 1 feel
mors than compensated, knowing as I do, that
through your kindness and that of those other
dearltiends iu Portland I have been able to
make many suffering ones comfortable, and if
you could see tire tsars start, and^liear their
heartfelt thanks you would feel as 1 do, that
you bad your reward, if it could be possible for
you to be rewarded. You have lightened
many a burdened sne, and cheered and com
forted many, and I know that God will reward
?oa and all those dear friends who have so
iberally contributed.
One man came Thursday with his little girl
with hardly clothing enough far a summer’s
day. The mother was hilled on the cars last
summer, and now the poor m in is stripped of
nearly every thing else. His housekeeper
came also, and hsr case was really pitiful. She
had a pair of twins a few mouths ell and a lit
tle girl about three years old. They were
aroused in the night by the dog to find the
whole house in flames. She grasped her three
little ones iu her arms,and had to pass down the
stairway when it was alt in flames, with just
their night clothes on. If it hadu’t heeo for
that dog every one in that house must have
burned to death. Through.the generosity of
those dear friends I was enabled to furnish a
complete and beautiful outfit for that suffering
mother and those children; a more |grateful
person I never saw.
There are many cases which I would like to
specify, but time will not allow me to do so. I
will only say that I have tried to do the very
best I could with them, and to give satisfaction
to all. And now, in regard to clothings Wis
consin is, 1 think, well supplied, and I have
promised those vegetab’es when they arrive,
but would not say that it is advisable to send
any more, as they must freeze and become
Jfgrthless. There has been a large lot sent
are manyItrTicTclP flWdJilLHus State. There
some I have promised when l receive aDy mom
ey; also some medicine fora poor old man who
is nearly blind, and if you have anv in your
bauds for such purr oses. if vou see fit to send
u i can use it where it will do much good.
X would like to liave all those generous do
nors know the good they have done, and how
grateful (hose suflerers were, and now that the
blessing of God may rest upon each and every
one, 1 remain, Mrs. D. D. Barker.
The Vice-Prisidenct. The Providence
Journal varies the line of political discussion
just uow by considering who shall be Vice
President, rather than who shall be President.
It says very truly that there would have been
no question about the Republican nomination
had not Mr. Colfax peremptorily declined to
have his name used again. But this act, it de
clares, was a breach ol party discipline, and it
proposes to punish him tor meddling with
matters belonging to the national convention,
by reuomioating him and making him seive
anyway. Thao is a kiad of punishmeut that
a great maiority of the Republican party will
be very glad to have a hand in.
Elegant School Building.—An occasional
correspondent at Farmington writes: “Among
tbe many popular enterprises lor education
there is uone more worthy of notice than the
building recsntly etected at “The Willows,”
in Farmington by Hannibal Belecher, Esq of
that place, for a Family School lor Girls. This
building is 90x40 ft. with a projection 84x10 ft.
and is three stories high, with basemeut and a
French roof. The reception room is 37 1 2 xlO
ft. and tbe.generalschool room is 40x20 ft With
these there are library, cabinet, masic, gymna
sium,wash, bathing and dinning rooms, with
splendid apartments lor seventy scholars,which
are furnished with spacious cloths presses and
are to be furnished with first class furniture
and carpets. The building is to be heated by
steam, applied by W. H. Pennell Co., of
Portland, and issupplioi byja constant flow of
never failing water from a spring located so
high above the building that it is carried into
every story.
This elegant building will cost not far from
$30,000 and was erected by Mr. Belcher for bis
daughter, Miss L. G. Belcher, a highly accom
plished and thoroughly educated lady, who is
to be principal. Connected with the institu
tion there are thirty acres of land that is to be
laid out into a handsome garden and each pu
pil is to have a plot alloted to her to culti
vate. Chas. E. Jose Co., of Portland are to
furnish crockery, and Walter Corey Co., the
furniture for this establishment. Much credit
s due Mr. Belcher for his earnest endeavors to
accomplish this undertaking which will prove
of great value to the flourishing town as well
as to our State.”
Gorham —The circle connected with the
Methodist Eniseopal church held its meeting
on Friday evening last, at the residence of
Itoscoe G. Hardine. E<n ami »ho tulincJ I
was large as usual. There is a spirit of union
and harmony prevailing in all the interests of
thi* society which promotes effectiveness of
action and liberality in all pecuniary matters.
After prayer by Rev. Mr. Collins, and music,
Vocal and instrumental, by several ladies, a
very interesting newspaper was read by the
editresses—Misses Benson and Watson. Tbe
articles wero of a high ordsr of composition
generally, aud tbe prophecies of tbe future
status of tbe members were very witty and
amusing. Social converse followed, and all
enjoyed tbe reunion highly. Several Iriends
were present from Portlaud.
Rev. Mr. Perkins, principal of the Select
School in Gorham officiates acceptably at tbe
Congregational church. He exchanged pul
pits with Rev. Mr. Smalt of the Free street
Baptist church in this city on SuDday.
A repeater complains that one of the Com
mercial reporters calls him a thief and declares
if tho offender don’t take it back he will
“knock tliestuffiog out of him.” The curi
osity of tbe editor is so great to know what the
fellow means by the teim that he proposes to
let tbe game proceed.
State XNews*.
ANDROSCOGGIN COONTT.
{From our Correspondent.)
Russell Brothers have nearly finished a
large, new steam saw mill at Britton Mills
nevermore.
nclirlv eoE,t^t.80?ietir at Nevermore Falls have i
“he n?,pJete,‘La b:uldsume brick church on
iledicatedfin^fOUl °Ue. removed- Jt is to be
cuicaieu in a few weeks. I
akoostook couutt.
The Times say, the barn, with its contents
f “ay au(1 grain, beloogirg to William Milrey,
it Ludlow, was destroyed by fire on Tuesday
ittornoop. Loss estimated at $800; no insur
ince. Fire supposed to have originated by a
park I'lowu from the stove pine of tbe house
tear by.
An tff irt is being made to establish a woolen j
factory at Presque Isle, and a town meeting is
to he called to act upon the subject.
FRANKLIN COUNTY.
IFiom our Correspondent
Mr. J. D. Moore, Civil Eugiueer, of Lewis
ton, with his assistants, commenced a suivey
fora rail road from Faruiiogtoa to Phillip*, lost r
Friday. The distance between the two places
will he not far from eighteen miles.
William H. Stevens, of Lewiston, was the
architect of the new spacious and will
arranged school building erected this season
at “The Willows,” in Farmington.
There arc fourteen inches of euow at Phillips. __
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
The examination ot James McCarthy, an in
mate of the National Ajylum ut Torus,
charged with nu assault with attempt to kill,
upon Patrick Doyle, also an inmate, was had ,i
Friday atlernoon before U. S. Commissioner J
J. W. Bradbury, Jr., Esq at Augusta. Mc
Carthy was ordered ‘o recognize in the sum of
$1,500 (or his appearance in Portland at the
December term of the U. S. District Court, to
answer to the charge that had been brought J
against him. He was then re-cominitled to
jail.
The Journal says it is thought that Wm. H.
Bigelow, Esq of Clinton, Supervisor of
Schools for Kennebec county, will receive the
anpoiotment of fioute Agent on the Maiue
Central. J
The Journal says that the night polico force
of Augusta has been reduced to two iudi- j
viduals, on account of the danger of exceeding j
the annual appropriation to pay the expenses
of the department.
[From our Correspondent.]
William F. Lovejoy, of Gray, has bought
the Winthrop House, Winthrop, with the
Augusta stage line, and is to operate the same.
Messrs. Emery Waterhouse employ thirty
men at their shovel lactory at North Mon
mouth, and are turning out thirty dozen a day.
Tni8firm is finding a teady market for their
shovels in New York and the Westers Stiles.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The Bangor Whig says Mr. J. C. Myers, tho 1
veteran actor and manager, is contemplating 1
the estahlisnment of a permanent theatie in
Bangor; a project in which he is warmly en
couraged by a number ol monied men in that
city. i
The Whig says Mr. Horace P. Robinson,
of Bangor, returned from a business trip up
river late Thursday evening, and on goiug up 1
to bis boarding place, Mrs. Parker’s, in Cobb
lane, *louud, tj nis surprise, the roof burned
off, and tbe bouse empty. He borrowed a
lamp at a neighbor’s, and having a key, un
locked tbe door and entered tbe bouse to in
vestigate. ^In tbe dining-room be fouud tbe
large wooden mantle-piece on fire, and tbe
flames briskly spreading to tbe adjacent par
tition and wood work. Procuring an axe, he
demolished the burning mantle and extin
guished tbe flames, but tbe chimney was so
hot that a hand incautiously laid upon it was
blistered. Investigating further, he found
that an old-fashioned brick oven, built in the
chimney and afterwards bricktd up4 appeared
to be the source of tbe intense beat, and ou
breaking into it, tbe flue was louud to bo full
of iguited soot, burning like a blast furnace.
A lew pails lull of water put out this fire,
vui'i uui v;wv.vu nuvtuci uja
tl i-rat:on in a short time.
PISCATAQUIS COUNTY.
[From our Correspondent.]
Hay is $20 per ton in Parkman and there are
more sellers than buyers at that price.
A gentleman was introduced to a young lady
recently and addressed her as follows: “Where
do you live when you are at home?" to which
she promptly replied, “When I am at home I
live there." Gent sloped.
Regular passenger trains will commence rim
niDg on the B. P. R. R. to Guilford on the
20th inst.
IN GENERAL.
Meader B. Pinkham has been appointed
Postmaster at Lincoln, vice O. Weston Ripley,
resigned, and Wm. C. Shaw at West Levant,
vies John Palmer, resigned.
In the IT. S Court at Washington, last Fri
day, Mr. R. H. Dana, jr., of Boston,argued tbo
case ot David R Stockwell and .John L Cut
ier of Bangor, Me., in which the parties stek
to escape the payment to the United States of
double the value of a quantity of shingles al
leged to have been smuggled by tbetn irom St
John, N. B in 1863 and 1804. The previous
tr.als of the case in the district and circuit
court! of Maine were adverse to the Bangor
firm, and their effort iu the Supreme Court is
to escape that portion of the penalty which re
quires them, on couvictioD, to restore to the
government double the value of the goods ille
ga'ly imported. The pending suit involves
$11,000 or $12,000 only, but will govern the dis
position of a large number of similar cases.—
Scl'citor-Gensral Bristow aud Attorney-Gen
eral Hill replied to Mr. Dana for tho govern
ment.
SPECIAL NOTICES
What Dyspepsia .Winy End Iu.
Indigestion is not daLgerous, say the faculty
Perhaps not in itsalt, while it remains mere indiges
tion; but look at the consequences to which it may
lead, and often does lead when it becomes a chronic
disease. A spark ol fire is a small thing. A press
ure ol the foot will put it out; a brea h will extin
guish it. Yet it may fire a powder mill, or kindle
a flirae that will consume a city, iu like manner
indigestion may produce gastritis, caacer ot the
stomach, congestion of the bowels, apoplexy, liver
disease, and many other dangerous maladies. Is it
mJre^feA^J® chcek il ,n the germ? Nothing is
Hostettsr’s StomacrBiite^W^Mi1^^
sia in all its stages* The true policy, however, iB to
extiugu sh it in the first stages with this w holesome,
powerful, and infallible tonic and alterative. Jt is
easior to quench a spark than a flame, amt it is easi
er to cure dyspepsia when it is first developed than
when it has made headway by neglect, aod become
complicated with other ailments. There is not the
shadow ot a doubt that the bitters are as directly
antagonistic to dyspepsia as water Is to fire. 'J hers
are thousands ot cases on record proving this tact.
The remedy is safe and agreeable. All the liquors
of commerce prescribed as slim llants, leave a sting
behind. But the sting is taken out of the spirituous
basis ot this great remedy by vegetable me lical ion,
and, moreover, the stimulant thus medicated is ot
exceptional purity. Ot all tonics taken as safe
guards or temedies tor lever and ague, bilious re
mittents, and other tall epidemr-s, it is Ihe »uly one
that can uniiorraly be depended upon.
The Best,
The Cheapest,
The most durable
And the Easiest,
SPRING RED,
EVER made:
It will Cost you Nothing
To give it a lair trial at your house.
TIaos, P. E5cal§ C©.,
SOLE MANUFACTURERS,
37 mid 29 IUABKET ISTliEET.
Bear ot the Post ORice, A'ho (he best assormcnt o
Chamber
AND OTHER
F URN IT U RE.
To be found in till ity and at the lowest prices.
CAL AMDSMi! novltl’sn
Great Reduction in Prices.
If you want more pictures fer yonr money, than
you ever received beiore, call at the
Portland Photograph Gallery,
No 80 Middle Street.
Look at some of the prices,
8 Large I'errol, pie 5ft ecu'n,
Former price $1 oo.
I. Card Fcriotrpea 50 eenrn,
.m Foimer price SI Oft.
72 Tm types 50 cents.
Former price $1 oft
Fleluresio Frame 75 cents.
Photographs S3 OO Per Dot.
Qd&^For children under fire years of age, an addi
tional price will be charged.
A. S. DAVIS CO.
nol sn iw
No Wore Wet Feet.
Cable Screw Wire
AS A FASTENING FOB
BOOTS ant! SHOES,
Is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread aud
Pegs. Besides furnishing the most durable, pliable
couomical boot ever offered the public, it affords an
article more nearly
WATERPROOF
•8
than ever before made of the same maieiia’s.
All Denlen sell 4’ablo Screw Wired Goods t
Patent Stamp on all. octl’sn eodGw k
I
Artificial Teeth*
To my ,>a,ro“* ud the Public.
??;,_3J0ur attention to the v
■EXXT-j AD,JUST A11LK UIDUE, which I am
Dow applying Willi great success lo all seis ot feeih.
The rneihod of applying this riuge to artirtcat teeth 1
is nn invention 01 my own. By its u>c the mosl
difficult mouths ran be fllted, and ail persons about
to have teeth inserted will he sure of a perfect fit by
having this ridge used. Every set ot teeth made bw
me wiili this ridge applied will be properly adjusted
so as lo fit the mouth perfectly, or no pay will be ac
cepted lor the work done, ihose who have sets of
teeth which do not fit can have them reset this
ridge applied, and warranted to 11' or no charge will p
he made. CARLTON KIMBALL, D I). S,
No 11 Clapp’s Block, corner ol Congress and Elin 11
stieets, Portland. liolldtl n
Attention, Gentlemen.
We have this day received from one of the finest _
nporting houses in New York (E. H. Van Ingen
;o.,) a large invoice ot
Woolens ter Gent’s Wear, v
o which we invite your attention, as we feel confi- I
lent we can please you in every particular.
KOLL1N5 BOND. No 90 Middle St. 01
Nov3-sntf
SPOR ITSS31ES7
J. B. Lucas, 69 Exchange St., B
Has just received another lot ot those fine
Breech l.oailing Nhol
Also a lew more ot those very cheap di
Kugli.h Tvviaf Double bbl, (dm,, vi
OCtf S,
_SPECIAL NOTICES,_
People’s Course, ut City 11 a ll.
Next entertainment Ul©.\I>Alf EVENING, NOV. 20th, by the popular
rEMPL<E QUARTETTE
Of Dostou, the finest Quaitette of male voices i i America, assisted by that cbanuiug Sopiauo,
MISS ISABELLA STONE,
ith J. A. Howard, MianiMi. Evening Tickats 50 cents, or 73 cts (or the Iwo remaining entertain
mts of the course. For sale everywhere. Doors opeu at 7 concert to counnet ce at 8. no ldlw
GOING T0~ CHICAGO
Hue undersigned would respectfully inform the public that he intends to remove to Chicago a ter Jau
L uary, 187*2. Detore that time we shall sell oar stock ot
M and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAN COSTI
Th'so who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargain will call immediately,
00 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight I
[y friends and patrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks ior the liberal patronage bes owed on me
uring my residence in this city.
.5. F. SISK,
I'T'l Fore Street, Portland.
Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT BARGAIN!
As tie owner intends REMOVING TOCHICACO; enisling ora 2 1-2atory BriekHonse No. 9 Chat
am .Street, in go^d repair; lot 46 by 50, a goon chance for a Mechanic or business man to get a desirable
ome. Also a brick building corner of Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 35 bv 80- Abo the nexa lot
ujoininer, containing three wooden *tores; lot 55 by 120; and one large wooden (table. Tbs property will
e sold in generate lots or all together, making in ail a lot ot 90 by l .'O This is an excellent chance lor in
estroent, as this pro] erty is sure to increase iu value, being on tfe principal street in ihe city.
For particulars call on J. F. SISK,
nov7tt 171 Fore Street.
MILLINERY!337 Congress St.
With the increased facilities for purchasing directly from
Importers at the lowest Cash Jobbers prices,
We are now prepared to ofter to our customers and the Pub'ic
1 very choice, all new STOCK OF MIL LIN FRY GOODS,
at prices which cannot fail to give entire satisfaction.
'Ladies’ in want of a
HAT or BONNET,
Will find it to their advantage to give us a call foeiore purchasing.
We shad have constantly on hand a goed assortment ot
Ladies’, Misses’ and Children’s
Ready-Trimmed Mats and Bonnets.
Our Selection oi Children’s Hoods, and Boy’s Hats nre unsurpassed
in the city.
Silk ats and Bonnet? manufactured and trimmed in the latest and most approved style at abort notice,
price*.Velvet, and Velveteen* tor Dress Trimming, in all colors and shades, constatJy on hand at old limes
[inces. Also all tho New Shades in the best qualities ot Ribbons.
W. E. SNEEE, 337 Congress st.
Novg SN tf
TRY AGAIN.
When auything we’ve tried to do,
And found our efforts vain.
May we be armed with courage true,
That we may 4,try again.”
Who knows, it we shall persevere,
And every nerve shall strain,
But some kind power our way may clear,
If we shall “try again.”
When BOYS iu vain have sought g)od “CLOTHES”
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hat and Shoes complete,
Just let them try at GEORGE FENNO’S,
Corn jr ol Beach and Washington street.
Boston, Nor. 1. novl6-u1w
Ladies5 Cloaks
-ANT)
Winter Jackets,
—;at
EASTMAN BRO’S,
333 Cosiness Street.
October 31- sn dit
ES. GOWELL.
Anticipating leaving the city now offers bis entire
stock ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great barga ns, and will contiuue the sales only
until he sells his house. (See cuW"'**-—*
timet0 make your
^_63T“Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntt
TV O T X. O E2
THE Cigar store that wao advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, has removed back to the old
stand oa Exchange street, where I will still manu
facture the choicest brands of cigars. 1 will inv.te
all iny customers and trieads iu general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the prices. I
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and flue brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
K. PONCE, No. 80 Exchange St.
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the ci4y will sell my
stock and place ot business at great d senunr.
I shall sell at retail cheaper Ilian ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber, Plank, Spars, Knees, Deck
iii5, and Treenails.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleeper*, extra *izf».
For panicu'ars call on JL. TAYLOK.
sept 19-smt 170 Commercial st.
PIAI0 ROOMS,
CahooBi Klock, next City Hall, Congress st
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Has the Exclusively Agency for the
FD STD J!ac<1 the elegant Jewett sc
W LJLn PIANO 1 FORTESi
Also other standard makers all soW at the lowest
reduced prices. oc25sutf
Awful Defeat!
The rout is camplete! The last hope ol the parties
svlio have been getting up Scalp Poisons to com
romplete with
Crisiadoro’s Excelsior Ilair Dye
s lost, lost, lost! Si ill, it towers over all rivals, new
md old. Still, it remains the Standard Ilair Dye o
he Country. Still, tons ol thousands ol heads that
(bowed the white flag,
Carry Cl itfadoro'a Colors,
md Ibo course ot the dye of dyes is ever upward aud
inward. So much for excellence, wholesjnieness,
md a true remoduction ot Nature’s tints. As a
Ire.sing alter dyeing, use
C R 1ST ADO R O’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
nr* 8 rwdivi M Act
LEA PERRIN'S SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It itii loves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
i!ed lor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs. LEA PEKRINS to
iroaecute ad parlies making or veudingcountcrteits.
JOHN JDdNCAN’W SONS,
augl2sn6m Agents, New York,
Batchelors Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dvc is the best in the world—per
actiy harmless, reliable and ins antaneous; no dig
pouniuent; no ridiculous tints or disagieeable odor
he ganuinf-Wm, A. Batchelor’s llair Dye produc
3 IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
irown, leaves the liair clean, soft, beautiful; does
ot contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
oand. Sold by all Druggists.
4 Eacorv, 1G BOND STREET, N.Y.
fril SN DAW 1Y
ON MARRIAGE.
Essay* for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
nd ABUSES, which interfere with M ARRIA3K—
’ith *me mean* ot re'iet tor the Erring and Uiilor- 1
ma'e, Diseased and Debilitated. Addres* HOff
lKI) ASSOCIATION, No. 2, S. Ninth St, Pbiladel
hi». Pa-j y 26-ex mg
An Authentic History
>f lhe War between Germany and France
ith Biographies ol the principal actors therein. Al
lan account o» the Civil nr and Reign ot
’error in Pn» Over 800 page**, and 150 illus- J
ations. Sold only by subscription. ATWELL
geut lor Portland. aulDeodtl s»
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let. in first class bonded warehouses on
rowu’s Whait, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
nd Sugar Co's buildings York Dantorth and Com-
ercial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS, 5
jylosn 97 Exchange Street. i
Confessions ot an Invalid. 5
Published as a warning and for the benefit o I
nmg men and others, who suffer from Nervous
ebi'iiy, Arc., supplying the mkaxsof self-cure j
Written by one vho 'cured biipselt, and sent tree
i receiving a post-paid directed envelope.
Address [NATH AN 1EL„ MAYEA1R, Brooklyn 'J
cw York. SN*6m-juul5
Oil Marriage. g
Inppy Rrlicf for Young Hen from the ef
ts «.i enors and abuses in tally Lie. Manhood re
>rtd. lmp*dimcnis to marriage, removed. No*
clbod cl treatment. New ar.d remarkable leme
es. Boo b and Circulars sent. fee. in sealed en
lopes. Address HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
lUtti Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. novlsnd3m
Home Securities
BONDS
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH 'AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed trom
Bangor, Maine, to St. John. New Brunswick, a
distance ot 202 mile?,—with the exception of 58
mil* s between Winn, Me., and the boundary line ol
tbe State at Vanceboro’. On till* portion the track
is now belli* la d, both from Winn eastward and
•rom Vanceboro’ westward, and the work will be
completed and trains running from Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Tb.B road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
COIVNECTING THE UNIT IT H HTATF8
AND THE BRITISH PROVINCE* (New
Brunsw ick and Nova Scotia). The papulation ot the
maritime Provinces is about ONE NILLION,
and all the land travel, freight, mails, <£c., between
them and tbe Unred States,will pass over this Trunk
line.which is WITHOUT C’OVf PETITION.
A1 though not yet completed, tbe business of tbe
road is already f«r greater than its moft sanguine
^ifftg^ralioted. ami is continuaMy increasing.
on the 5« mifcV^Tm^r■!.?“““!£ ”2Si
the interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars. and will be largely increasing after Sept next
by the business to and Irom tbe Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tuliy as ts
present large business and the immediate iucrease
consequent upon its completion, requires —the Com
pany has issued its Bonds to the amount of Two
Millions ot Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
OMTSBATIRO ROAD AND PROP.
KMTY FKIMI WINN la VANOEBOKO1
(besides a Second Mortgage on tbe entire road and
equipments from Bancor to Winn, 5G miles. This
portion cost some $2 300,050, and the only lien there
on is a mortgage to the city or Bangor tor SI 000 OK]
w nnd, in ad lition thereto, by a plttsT AN It
oai.1 iHORTCAUE on
800,000 Acres of Land
Said lands being the same granted by the State ol
Maine to aid the constrnctioo ol this road. They are
situated along Iho Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an l are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
rracts, especially in I he leriile Arooslook Valley (the
finert agricultural district in the State are valuab e
lor I arming lands as well as for their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with whi. h they are mortgaged. They
cover 12.50 square miles (nearly as large a* the State
o» Rhode island, which is 1306 square miles) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage of the Railway, its
equipments, &c., which alone is ample security lor
the Bonds, there are timbei and farm lauds to the
amount of
400 Acres to each Bond
also p’edged to ensure the payment thereof.
The Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March 1, *1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from JJ. 8. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
\ork. Bonds registered if desired, Coupons made
pavkbte t£6 eaclij in London, England, it pre(erred.
SINKING FUND— All proceeds oi scales of land,
as well as ot timber and oilier products (herefrom,
are, by the Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
they can be bought at war or less; otherwise in
Uuiied States, State or Municipal Socuiities. And
on July l, 1879, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds become due or arc all paid, the E. N. A.
Railway Co. Is bound to pay to the Trustee* a sum
of momy equal to one per cent, of the amount ol
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all interest
received on securities, belonging to the Minkins
Fund are to be invested as above stated, and tbeso
accumulations are solely lor the purpose ol addition
ally providing lor the redemption of thete Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a th rd great element
ol securitg and strength, and adds lo ihe salety of
these Bonds.
The Trustees are Hoo. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, of
Bangor, Me., and J. EDGAR THOMSON. Esn
oi Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Par and Accrued Interest in payment for
any ol the lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities tor sale at
90 and Acorued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
fd at highest market price in exchange for these
Bonds, and can bo sent by Express and these le
turned \»y Express, tree ot expense 10 the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving lurcher partiau ars concerning
the connections and business, with Map*, »b -wing
the location aud lauds of this road, seut free on ap
lication to
ELIAS MERRILLf
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Sale of Bends,
BANGOR, MAINE,
OS TO
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO Biddle Street.Portland.
SE8F~0n completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles of Railroad
iow building, between St. .John, N. B, and Halifax,
<J. S, there will be an unbroken line of Railway
rom Halifax io all the chief cities of tbe United
dates, and as two or three days oi ocean uavcl can
>e avoided, and about 36 bourn* time saved, from
'Jew Vork, in going to or coming liom Europe, by
ail to or from Halifax,— a large business in pas
engers, mails and freight will Hereby be auUed to
he irathe over tbe E. X. A. Railway.
July 13-sueod if
BONDS.
’ortland Municipal, O’s
’ortland Aid It. It. O's
itate ot Maine O’s
(.Louis O’s
lock I and A id R. R, O's
European N. A. R. R. Gold O’s
’ortland A Ogd. R. R. Gold O's
’ortland Rochester K. K. 7’s
Ihlcago 7’s
oleilo 8’s
FOR SALK BT
lWAN BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
too Biddle 'street.
OC23 SX MW&F
ZUggCIAL NOTICES.
I>**<><• iolcetsT
®——J W. D. Little ds Oo/s,
OLD PASSENGER TIQKET AGENOY
Travelers for California
and 1 lie Went, Souili nu<l JVortliwent, niay ob
tain through Tietifts, by the bewr nud auo«t
reliable loule* Irom Fort'aid, or t, mion. <.r
T<e‘v York, to anv p« int d**9iied at t.be Iohi m
rale* at tbt old and reliable Un'ou Ticket Agency,
IF. I>. LITTLE CO.,
Office 49 1-3 Exchange *t.
C3^“Iicliable information cheerfully luruisbed at
all times. MdMtln
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank'of London,
u
AND THE
Provincial Bank of Ireland
Aud all it* Brnuchr*.
For sale in sums to suit, by
B. into \VN SONS,
jel3-sntt 97 Exchange St.
1FOll
35 Share* Pi rut National Bank Stock.
Ill Share* Casco National Bank Block.
State ot Maine. 6’n
Portland,. 6’«
Cincinnati,. 7
Government Bond* Bought and Sold.
-BY
If. Iff, PAYSOI,
.‘{il Exchange st., Portland.
aug'22 an
EXCHANGE
-ON
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
ASD
Ready for immediate Delivery!
IK.SCI MS TO SUIT!
WX1. E. WOOD,
C7 Exchange St.
Aariit for uenry iinvn to, n. v.
Juue27-tt bm
FOR SALE
TI1E new two rtory French roof bouse, just fin
ished, n Cushman st.; bou«e piped t >r Sebago,
and all the modern improvements. Enquire on the
premises pr No 25Emery st. J. A. TENNEY,
sepSdit su
GRAHAMFLOUR!
OF A SUPERIOR QUtLlTI
Freah from Ihr mill. Alio Ilia celebrated
‘•PO S T ELS,
And Other Choice Hi-ands.
MIAW, HAnMUND& CARIUKV.
oc9 d3ui
A GOOD, serviceable H<*RSL of
about eleven or twelve hundred
pounds weight, wanted by
JOS. If. BOOR B.RO.
novlSsntt
MARK IE D
In Bath, Nov. 11, Peter Pero and Miss Mary E.
King.
In Biddeford. Nov. 11, Chas. H. Calkins and Mrs.
Mary E. Martin.
In Mercer, Nov. 11, Geo. E. Cromwell and Li a M,
Walton.
In Greene, Nov. 8, Benjamin Wi ber and Mrs. Ma
ry Gould.
DIED.
In Cape Elizabeth, Ferry Village, Nov. 18, Mr.
Paul Huston, aged C6 years4 months.
(Funeral ibis Monday afternoon, at.2 o’clock
Relative* and triends are invited to attend.
In Jkowheg&n, Nov. 6, Mr. J. Meiiord Blown,
aged 31 years.
In New Portland. Oct. 19. Mrs Betsey, widow oi
the late Wm. Mitchell, age 1 78 years.
In dockland, Nov. 6. Mrs. Ellcu, wite ot Tirnolh;
F. Brown aged 62 years 3 month*.
In Rockland, Nov. 12, Mis Mary, wiloot Alvub E
Holuen, aged 28 years.
DEPARTURE OF OCfc'AN STEADIER!
NAME. WHKUE FROM. DESTINATION.
Caspian. .Quebec. ....Liverpool.Nog 11
Washington.New York..Havre.Ncv 1'
City Washington ..New York.. Liverpool.Nov H
Batavia...New York.. Liverpool.Nov 1«
CoriuHmn.Quebec.Glasgow.Nov 2(
Cuba.New York. .Liverpool.Nov 2‘.
Minnesota.New York. .Liverpool.Nov 2;
Moro Castle..NCw York. .Havana.Nov 2
South America_New York.. Bio Janeiro .Nov 21.
City ot -Baltimore. .New York.. Liverpool.Nov 2;
Citvof Mexico.New York.. Hav«& V Cruz. Nov u
Scandinavian.Quebec.Liverpool.... Nov 2f
India.New York..Glasgow.Nov 2!
fqwa.New York. .Glasgow.Nov 2!
Idaho.New York.. Liverpool.Nov 2!
Columbia.New York Havana.N .v 3i
Manhattan...New York..Liverpool.Dec
Ville do Pans.New York. .Havre.Dec
Cleopatra.New York.. Havana.Des
JRiuiniure Almanac.November 20
Bun rises.6.57 Moon sets. AM
Sun Sets. 4.3t High water. 6 15 PM
MA-KIISTH! NEWS,
FORT OF PORTLAND.
Saturday, N'ur. 18
ARRIVED.
Steamer Dirigo, Johnson, New York, mdse ti
Henry Kox.
Seb Tallent. (Br) CofflII, Windsor, NS,—plaster fo
a market.
Sch Telegraph, Woodward. El'sworth.
Seta Arboreer, Clara, Ellsworth— box ebooks to S
J Smith.
Sch Hickory, Hall, Mt Desert.
CLEARED.
Steamer Carlott*. Colby, Halifax, N3—John Por
Rons.
BtigGipsey Qneen, Noyes, Cardenas—Phinney
J&c'tson.
Sch Magnolia, <Br) Howard, St John. NB—John
Porteous.
Sch Georgia Dee.ing, Willard, Philadelphia—E G
Willard.
Seh Wehhannet. Thomas, Boston—Chan Sawyer.
Sch OUve Elizabeth. Soule.boston—i liassawjer.
Sch Canary. Hart, Providence—Bunker Bros.
Sch Polly, Dodge, Boston-bunker Bros.
Sch Utica, Thorndike, Rockland—C A B Morse
Co.
Sunday, Nor. 19,
ARRIVED.
Sch PenniaU Josephine, Rich, Ellsworth.—box
Shooks to St J Smith.
Sch Helen Maria. Prince, Camden.
JE£T*Sigual lor a brig.
It^pTbe report ol the arrival of br.'g Eudorusat
this poit on Friday, in a leaky condition, was an er
ror. She is at Baltimore loading.
MEMORANDA.
Brig Geo Bnrnham, Staples, Turks Islands tor
Portland, put into V.neyard-Haven 17th. with bui
war» s stove and sails damaged. Reports very heavy
northerly and northwester'y gales the entire p*s?a2e.
On the 9ih mst, lat 24, Ion 70. pas ed large quantities
ol heavy pine lumber an J picked up part ot a ves
sel’s bulw irks.
Biig Allston. Coombs. from Boston tor Rangor,
which drove ashore on Clark’s Island Portsmouth,
on the 15th. had been out two weeks and encountered
beavv weather and lost ber sails. She Las lest both
anchors and lias stove a large hole in ber bow. She
will be got off.
Sch D II Bisbee, (ot Camden) Anderson, at N York
from Corpus Christe, hid strong N and NE gales the
entire passage, and lost and split sails.
DOMESTIC PORTS
FERNANDINA-Ar 6th, brig Julia E Haskell,
Pi esse v, Havana.
SAVANNAH—Ar I2th, soli IdaS Burgess, Cottrell
Provioence.
BALTIMORE— Ckl I6tb, brig Aroostook, tor As
pinwall.
Cld 16tb, ship Laurens, Snow. Havre: sells R C
Tboma*, Crochet', Savannah; Whitney Long, iiayc9
Boston.
PHILADELPHIA— Ar Hth. barnue Floil M Hut
l>e»t, Millay, Liverpool
C d 16th. sell Mary VV Hupper, Gilman, Boston.
Id 16th. brig Timothy Field. Lelund, bo<tu; sch
Addie Kyeraon, Pike. do.
Ar ilin. brig M C .toiner. Durgiu, Portlar d.
NSW YORK—Ar ICih, schs Azelca Laura, Me
Indoe, Laracoa 11 days; Amo B, Alley. Philadelphia
lor Boston; Mary Lyrnbiiruer. brown. Elizaoethport
lor do; Adiianu, Duntcn. and Addie M Bird, Mer
nll. do tor Portland; Congre-s, York do lor Salem;
Gen Banks, Fitzgerald, do t.>r Uosfon; Tbos Jotter
son. Dixon, and Lizzie, Roberts, do 10* Pori laud;
Niger. Thompson, and Oroz mbo, Wood, dot rdo;
Frank Keet-e, Keene, do tor Pawtucket; Herald,
Ha l. and Maggie bell. Had. New York tor Rockland
Yeto, Watts. d» tor B.mgor; Gen Howard. Johnson.
Gammer: Helen M Condon, Condon, Ja< ksonville
lor Norwich; Eureka. Wallace, Wilming on.
Ar ;7ib. ship E W Stetson. Moore. LonJon; fobs
Lizzie Jochrane. Cochrane, Old Harbor, -I. Eureka,
Wallace. Wilmington; Margie, McFaidcn, Portland
tor Plnlade pbia.
Ar 17tb. barque Speedwell. Patlcn, Ma’ara: schs
Harriet Thorras, Vanr.lenf Georeef «n; Lima Saw
der. Bransoomb, Jacksonville: Neptune, Robinson,
Macli ins; L siandish. Wiloer, Pembroke; -le die,
Turner, Width g. Caroline Knight, Fanning, Lube*;
G M Wectwortb, Robbins. Calais.
Also ar 17lb, brigs Whiiaker, Cotton. Providence:
Ida L Ray, R ad'ord, St mngfon: Fannie Butler,
Sherman. Norw.dk: schs N ra. Wallace. Providence
J S LiniLey. Crockett, Rockland; Josephine Rich
ard*, and J S Gilmore, Ciaik, Calais Laon, Phillips,
Gardiner; Onwa.d, Wheeler, Bucksport; Snbad,
Aiev, Rock'and Harriet lirkei Webber, and Maiy
Isabella, Johnson, Portland; Sinbid. Are*1, Rock
land; Aldanah Rokes, Rhoades, Rockiand Saiah
Jane Roe, do: H Precott, M. rriman. and Gen Hall,
Had. Portland; May Dav, Adams- Marv Shields
Waite, and H G Bird. Drinkwater, ProVldei.ee; F
Ccttin Was*, do.
Below, barques Ellen. Tucker, from Buenos Ayie-;
Lizzie H Jackson. Marwick, irom Huiaun.
CU I7th, barque K bn. Peterson. Havana: brigs
San arlos, Parker, Barbadoes; Hattie B. Dagger.
Cardenas: Eva N Johnson, -Johnson, Savannah sch
Omaha, Wo-isler, Cartb igcna, Sea Dog. Allen, Jack
sonville.
Passed through Hell Gate ICtb, brigs Lizzie Ztt’o
sen, Dow. Im New Yom for Hamblin;; .tollwaukh',
Sirout,do lor Bos’on; schs Congress. Y* rk, do t r
Salem; Nev.ula. Davis and Addie M Bird, Merri'l,
do for Pori Ian l; to ('ottlu, Collin Irom do ior Salem
l.izzie, Leigh oh, Elizabetbport tor Bo>tou; John
Snow. Mitchell, do tor Gardiner.
NORW ICH—Ar Ifltl, sch Jus ina, Kenniston,
Rockland
PRuVI DENCE—Sid 16th. schs izetta, Smith, St
Marys. Gn, to lead for Port Spain; sch Mansfield.
Aoborn, New Yoi k.
Ar 17th, sch A Sawyer Wall, Calais.
P WTUCKET—Ar 16th. sch Frank Maria, Wood
Calais.
NEWPORT— Ar 16ih, sds Irene E Meservey W 11
Providence fof Charleston; Lucy Ann s, Torxev im
l’oogbkeepie tor Boston. J m
Sl« I*, brig S l> Hart, Burgee, irom Warren m
lor Calais sobs Sea Lark. Miller, St John NR
tor Philadelphia; Margie. McFadden. Portland for
loi M B Mal-on«j, An.lei'rn, Bangor tor
town; to 1 tain Mcl.oon Fountain a d S i i imi it
B ockeit. Rockland for New York• }t
3ala:s for Full River; Mu ’ey V en R. tnn
or S Marys; Harriet Biker W,.hhV, i n
Slew York Agnes Fletcher. Bath lor do °rebate°\
Hendricks. Bangor lor Baltimore- Carobn^knbdi^
'tSfiS'J?"l01'New Vor,,i
In port Hill:, brig Ei tii B -roarii, Coombs, Boston
lor New Orleans; sobs L SiamJoh, Wilder. Pcm
b.oke loi New York; Pallas Flench, New Y’ork lor
K» I laml
KDOARTOWN-Ar 15th, si h Ned Sumpter, Show
So iv York Ini' Bos' on. pupa
In port. S'bs Ida Hudson, l’l,met, Laconia, Isis,
Sommerio. N.<1 Sun p tr.
V INKV AhD-H A Vr.N—Ar lGlb. brig ChllllannaW
ab. Fiillrr, Baenos A»re* lor Boston; w h Blck
aiore, Howar-'. New Orleans 30 days lor Boston; Sa
rah Uilmore. CllSoril, Pens tcola 2B duvs fordo.
Sr 17ib, baique Rachel. Notion Philadelphia lor
«aiU; brigs t,eo Baitiham. Staples, Turks Islands
la dins lor Portland; Mansanilla Speer, Kllvabelh
P it lor Host,m: ichs Empress Kennedy, New York
lor do llera d Hal', and Tiatl* Wind, Ingiaham,
do lor Lym,; Vi to. Watts, do lor Danvers; Owin P
"bids.I’lei.penuiit, Pbiladelpbia lor Calais.
bosion -Ar I7tb, seh Zina, Biadbary, Maehias
via Lynn.
barque Harrisburg, ltvder, New Orleans,
s. iTie r,:'lle koundir.g Billow, Flinu, Malaga;
riia icn. V’ ""1.' R'htdcnh.
fobs Nellie Pp?,Jr'8i* ?b'v,,a“' lor Demarara;
Portland! Ub,"> Langur; Stella Lee, Biewer,
VORKItiN PORTS*
Sid loo Surinam l.th ult, brig a J Uos«, Wyman,
BO'lOf'.
At Demarara 2!st alt, bri« Omer, Uietb for Port
Jaiui. Me.
Arat Falmouth, da, 20lb ult, aeb J M Morales.
Newman. New York.
Ar at Cieniuegos 5ib iust, **b Lizzie Webster, Par
sons. New York.
Sid kill, soft G D King. Kldridge. Pensacola.
Ski iTu Havana fllh, barque John UiilUn, West
be.g. New York.
Inporl 12 b, barques Alexandria. Mlfrtell, for
Boston; Augustine Kobbe Dow. T K Weldon. Col
son aud Norwegian, Murray, unc; bnas Lone Reach
Blair, or New Vork. Idg; Merriwa, Waterhouse, tor
do, Idg sugar at 75c per box Nellie Clifford, Little
fle'd. and Clara J Adams, MitKadden. unc.
S'd tui Matanzas 8th barque Saiaa B Hale, While,
Fernandina.
SPOKKX.
N >v 5, lat 32 04, l^n7122, ship Wm A Campbell*
lrom Boston lor Mobile.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
Skates,
Guns,
Revolvers,
Powder, Shot, Caps, Wads,
Machinist Tools
AND
Roys* Tool Chests.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
J. B. LUCAS,
09 Rxrbnuge Si Iwo doors from Middle
nov2d Street. eeilit
Kare lianco.
A rare chance for a person to engage in the
Retail Shoe Business.
Stand one of the be t in the city. For particulars
call on or addicrs
C. II. STAPLES,
So. 50 Union Street.
nov20 tl
Army and Navy Union Hall,
(Late Brown's Hall,)
WILT, be let lor Lectures, Concerts, Levees, and
private puties, on liberal term* Two draw
ing ro ims, water closete, &o., connected with the
Hall. Apply to
GEO. R. DAY1S &t CO.,
o 2.ncweodtt At tbe Hall.
Notice.
J HEREBY give noli e that the contract by virtue
'of which I hive had the right to sell and contract
for ti c sale ot Orion** Patent Preparation
tor tl»o cure ot the appetite for tobacco it an nd.
aud that i no ’onger have the right to sell or eont ol
the sale of, or to contract or agree for the tale ol ?ui h
Preparation at any time or place, and tint all poi
sons are nolilied to govern thtmselvcs accordingly,
J. U. BUNDY,
Chicago, I I.,Oct, 21,1871.noau-3i»
Lost.
ON Satuiday, an Onyx Key Stone, gold mounted
with interi**tion and owner** initials. The find
er will be suitably rewarded by calling on
J. fi. SI.VP801K, Jr
nov20-lt* Adams House.
For Sale on the Stump.
ABOUT Eight Hundred cords ot Spruce and Pine
Wood, at Falmouth Fore Side. Apply to
CHARLES DEAKK. or
HENRY K. STICKNKY,
nov20-lw*131 Commercial g reet.
Gar ham Seminary.
Board ot lustruction.
31. BODGfi, A. n., Printipil,
aud Teacher of Classks.
MISS ADELA BARNES,
Preceptress, and Teacher ol Vocal and Plano Mu»ic.
MADAME MARIE COURLAKNDER,
Teacher ot Modern Languages.
MISS JENNIE E. BODGE,
▲s.istant Preceptrew, and Teacher of Rhetoric.
i Instruction wPl be given by competent Teachers iu
Mathematic?, Drawing and Paiuling. ana au
assistant in Music will be secured as
soon as possib e.
Winter Term Commences Dec 5th,
and continues Eleven Weeks.
BOARD AND TUITION.
fpHE Seminary Building will be devoted t» the ac
I commndat’on ol young ladies lor boardin.:. yot
tbc classes may bo arranged so as to includo both
sexes in recitations.
Board for Young Syndic* $40 per Term.
Yonng ladles desirons of boarding themselves will
l*e furnished with rooms In the Seminary Bui ding.
I Each room is designed for two persona, and will
be larnisbed wiih all necsstarv article? except ijaiit*,
comforter?, piliow cases, towels and toilet soap
Roatd tor young men ean be obtained in private
Urn lies on r*a?<nahle terms. Facilities are offered
to ihose wishing to board themselves.
English Studies cr Teachers* Claps.$ 3 06
Emdbta Studies and Litiu and Greek. 6(0
French, German or Spanish, oicb. ft Oft
Biol-keeping and Penmansbip, botb,. 3 00
Drawkig. 4 00
Pulnrliro c i.rt
Piano Vlu«ic. 13 oo
Vocal. 3 OO
For further information apply to
G. M. BODGE, Principal,
Bethel, (uutll Nov. ‘_'5ihl, or
JT. A. WATERMAN, Secretary,
Gorham, Me.
Gorham, Me., Nov. 10,1871. noi7d*fcwtf
XEW MUSIC.
THE MAGIC TOP GALOP,
by II. Kofzschmar.
THE Magic Top Crilop by H Ko*zschmar, Is the
newest and in some re*pe>*rs the very belt com
posiuon of ibis celebrated author. The name is very
sug festive and artty indicates the prompt, decided,
wide-awake movement ot tbe Galop. It is elegant
ly embellished with a lithograph picture ot tbe au
thor.— Ttantcript.
Ibe Magic Too tas reached the second edi ioa in
less than three weeks, and Is one ot the most suc
cessful nieces ever published. The picture alone is
worth tue price of the piece. Sent to any a Ureas,
post paid, on receipt ot $1, by the publisher.
IRA C. STOCKBHIDGE,
156 Exchange Street.
novl8 lw
LIVERY NOTICE.
BACK AGAIN.
HAVING bought the stock, and takeu the stable
formerly occupied by Libby A* I)ow, and re
cently by H. A. Dow, Congress St 1 shall continue
to carry on, tn*» bun res* in all its bianrhes. as
suring the patrons of this well known stab e tbaj
no pains shall be spared to pleaic-th<>m.
The central position of this mu le makes it very
conveni nt for boarders, ami 1 shall make ita sie>
laliry to give them every attention.
Hacking in all its blanches faithfully and prompt
ly attended to. J. F. LIBBY,
no!8 lw Congress Street Stable.
FOJR SwlLE
_____
Jf. An Iron Prope let Ferry-Bost.
Dimensions, length. 220 teet, beam <0
Vl. *leet. Iread’h over guatds 61 It.; depili
BaHESafeaU teet; draught ot water laileu 11 teet.
Suitable lor Like or River navigjtiou, amt ihe car
rying ot Railroad Care and Teams.
Tbe Ironwork u mirked and tying in atore at
Portland.
App'y to PERCY L. ISAAC,
At the Falinmiib Hotel,
Or to GFO H.STAKR.
Brl'ish Consulate. Portland, Maine.
November 4:h, 1871. is d2vr
TO LET
Store No 142 144 Commercial at.
CORNER ot Widgerv’s Whar*. particul%rl
adapted to Ihe Flour uml Grain business larj
capacity. having a frontage o' 30 lent, and depth 15
lect, ac« CNSible ny water or rail, liied up wiili every
modern convenience#
Apply to H. N. JOSE, lOi Fore st.
BOARDERS.
A Hare Opportunity.
A FEW goo 1 Gentlemen Boarders csnbcaccora
inodatcd with tirst^lass board re.ms $5 to
per week, actoMiug to ro>nn. Aidless “Iiv>x b3C
Portland P. O.'*
__potI5€<h13w
Anna F. Curtis,
TEACHER of the PIANO FORTF
29 SPRING STREET.
B£-Seod3mt<>r7referenteRiven when required.
Oity of Portland.
notice.
'i Jiuiii“ioV,,0rr“ !"'L'"z fan'e' considerable
travel dSi«?iil ?*h'tt 8 Bri,1-“- It "'ll closed to
travtl dut iHR the t.nie required tor repairs.
•iHUlndRe,.01 CammlUe* ouKSue?t*SidewalkJ
November* 18,1871. nclToudlw
lo. 105 Middle Street,
M.& A. P. DARL0O
Have received from New York
Silk V«iv<t« and 8atiuat In all colors; Th»e«d
and Ylulta l.ncc*, Urrssaad aurk Buli#«*a
and Ui ntnuriiiN^atar Kaibroidery Blaido,
F ri a wen. iu all colors.
ocill lwd then 3weod
Cane KUa belli «rist Mill. Kuigbt
vllle.
TtHR above Mi I bavirg been put in tborooafc te
nd r, is now f.reraied to gvlnd for the Merchante
or roi Hand, or tor tlae Karmere ol this vtcta'ty.
large or small quant tie., on r.ason.bhj term*, w
saT-lacii n guaranteed. A supply ol Meal and Coro
on haiMtatsll titles. 1Pprij
November It. !>7i. H'
uol id eod it