riftn who tad Men sober for a whole year would re
turn home on election nlgbi drunk. The whole year
bud been xpent in plotting and planning, and he
thinks lie must take homeihiug. When he gets op
In the morning He mum take something. When he
nieetH a irlenu he must take something, and Anally
something takea dim. (Laughter.) our most able
aud talemed iucn had gouu do*a to their graven
drunkards. lie referred to one particularly, who
Mine tr<>m the west, and who would have been
JToKlOf *t If de hau lived a little lontror. The Chica
go Ore illuminated uia tombstone. There were more
politicians
DIED FROM IHLIRIUM TKKMBNH
than any tiling else; but the phjatStsns, with regard
to the leellUKS oi the laitnly, usually made out the
cert locates of death irom epilepsy, dUt-ase of the
twain, or sometli lug else. riie Connolly*, tne Hails
and the Swectirs, wno were i hey t onlv the 011
lortunates. Unfortnnute merely because they have
been found out. New Kork was uo worse iban other
cities. The same corruption existed elsewhere, only
there was a greater opportunity tor stealing in New
York. Tlila thltvmg was not to be charged upon
any one great political party; for nottt parties haa
BOTH II AN OS IN TUE TKLASt'itV.
The democrat has opened the door and the republi
can has gone iu aud done the stealing, and the re
publican has stood at the door while the democrat
ban gone in. The people should not be so
uucoucerued. They should see that nouest citizens
were placed in power, and they were not responsi
ble lor the terrible condition oi affairs in New lora,
Philadelphia and Brooklyn. The responsibility mast
be laid at the doors of the respectable men; like
cowards tuey havt abandoned the tleld to a rumaniy
and dishonest mob. t hey have proved recreant to
th lr highest trust, and the only atonement
now left is to return to tne field aud recover the
ballot box from the hands of these corrupt politi
cians. lie sometimes thought that this political
corruption would swamp our whole country, and
?ben ne got
DOWN OH HIS KNEES
and cried to 090 to save the eonntry. The country
might yet be saved irom the fate which now threat
ened it, and there would, he hoped, be a bright
morning of deliverance.
1 After prayer the congregation was dismissed.
Pl.YlODTn CHURCH.
The fmwct of Ure-l'lty for tb? Wr*?i
<MC-Lsn ike BcM tf All TUIas*? Hermoa
by t(ci, Henry Ward lleecher*
Mr. Bcetber preached to a large congregation yen.
terdsy morning from I. Coriutbians, xlil., 13: "Now
abldeth faith, hope and cnarlty, these three, bnt
the greatest of these is charity." Of all the sym
phonies that ever Beethoven wrote toe mth seems
to me to be the ceuire, the en in ax. Now, what the
Fifth Symphony is to all mnslo the thirteenth chapter
of Corinthians is to the whole Bible; it is the Fifth
Symphony of the New Testament, it Is like
^ousld on a batle field. Paul had been con
troversial all the way' w?ei suddenly lie Is
?truck with the power and beauty or love, and stops
to give this magnificent descant, and then goes on
?Vain. In our text it is taught most emphatically
that love la absolute and permaneut, and that this,
with hope and faith, abide and never change. What
is meant by that love? Tlie nearest to a dednition
is the command, "Tbou shalt love the Lord thy God
with all thy heart, ana thy neighbor as thyself." It
la tbe anion of the total faculties of the human sonl
la a given direction? that state of the whole soul
that has for others the same desire for happiness as
we have for ourselves. It is not simply
friendship or sympathy la character, or re
ciprocity, though these are all Included?
all species under the generlo term, love,
la Its largest development it carries with it the
good or all that live, tot- all eternity, it may be severe
?r It may be kind, but it most carry with It the sym
pathetic cordial dcotre lor the welllKlng of every
ireatnre.
It is this benevolent sympathy that the Apostle de
clares to be
TUB TEST OR ALL VIRTTB.
This letter was written to a Creek church, and the
writer's mtud was dwelling on the bahtts of the
Greek mind, au-t he tells thein that all other
virtues are hollow without tnc power of love.
International law ana political economy a re false
so lar as they are not loving. We have uo right to
build up America at the expense of other countries.
1 declare ihat that w hioh is the seoret inspiration or
tbe whole vast scheme of the nni verse is the quality
of recti nine, of righteousness, guided by a benevo
lent Heart- 1 have been censured for saving that
I PITY CRIMINATE.
I do pity criminals, it has beeu said that ro have a
brotherly feeling lor scoundrels is to overthrow
eat ice. 1 sag there is no justice without pitv and
etcv. I turow this shield of true Chrisilau love
over every courte/.ati that walks the street. I throw
It over gambler's dens, over every murderer, and,
wuile I abhor their crimes, the moment I forget to
love them 1 forget to be Just to them. Noinau is lit to
alt upon tho bcuch who has not a heart in him.
The Lest way to save a man is to love tiltn no that
Sou ouu't oear to lot bias l>e wicked. What heatheu
)in (here is yet in a l our laws and moralities We
eed another Christ to die to teaen men in these
modern aavs to love. I alriior sin, but 1 have tried
for forty years to abhor sin and irve the sinners,
rue great builorer stands forever teaching love
and lorglvene?a Men preach sermons about
love ana iLen go out Into life and for
fet it, and treat men us If tbey were brutes,
am In sympathy with all tbe scientific thought ot j
the time. iBere Is utue that 1 do not reau. This
olten gives inc doubt and trouble; but there Is one
orient for me. 1 do not believe that the law of
love can be proved by natural theology. Uut i find
all through the Uible that <Jod Is nigner than our
thoughts and better than we can flume. All tnc way
through tbe ages we bear thnt
?.on is L6vr.
Later down other voices take up tho cry and tell us
of a new kingdom, a new life? the new lire that is
la Chrtet Jesua. There develops a new era. That
leaches us to suffer ratuer than that others should
?nfltr. And the new llfb is this sympa
thetic relation with all that live. Lovo
fc the marrow or tbe universe. 1 may not be ab:e to
oat at toe philosophy of trutn, bat he canuot work
very far from the channels ot Qoa who works for
tho eids ol God. Work for men, without
being hampered by eccleslastlcifim or dogmatism.
Tbese things are our servants, but not our masters.
U four heart and life is full ol love then you are
esseuttsuy Christian.
Before the sermon Mr. Beecher referred to the
work that the church was doing ror Chicago, lie
?aid that the Bewing society and the Young people's
association had given coo in money and clothing,
and that the church, as a church, aud in other
relation*, bad given not less than lorty thousand
dollars.
ST. JOHN'S HKTKODN1' CIIIRCH.
A*alu?y Bi'ivrrrn Nmarai n*d Npirltaal
by Ri V. Dr. Clitipmnn.
l)r. Chapman discourced yesterday rooming from
(fee thirteenth verse of the fourth chapter of Paul's
?puttie to the Phlllpplans:? "I can do all thing*
lurough Christ, which strengthened! me." He said
tbe phra.se "all things" was limited by the condi
tional clause "thiongh Christ," lor the soopc of tin*
parted ability to do was t?ic law or Christian duty.
By a hearty and cordial reception or Christ the in
dividual will come into harmony with the divine,
and, becoming a sharer la Christ's power,
one is thereby made adequate to iho per*
formance of His will. Paul did not stund
aa an instrument but as an agent.
Man, standing In a certain sense outside or physi-al
forces, studied aud wielded them for the accom
plishment of his purposes. Ily the knowledge and
use of mectiaulcal laws he raised architectural
structures, tunnelled mountains and navigated
?eeans; by a knowledge or agricultural laws lie
turned pralriea into fields of Irnltiulness and gar
dens or b<auty, supplying his necessities and grati
fying bis taste; by a knowledge of chemistry he
turned fluids, ga->es and metals Into innumerable
?ad important uses. Ail the achievement* or au
dent and modern lime* were the result of a wise and
skilful use ot natural torces outride 01 man. lie
anight aay, wltn almost literal truinfumess, "loan
do all things through natural forces, which streugUi
rnetn ms;" for It was but anoiner method of saving,
*?1 eon do all things through dod;" for natunil
forces were expressions o( tue Uiviuo will acting
through loorgeute matter.
'ihe preacher went on to say thai this principle
was ss true In the spiritual as in the natural world,
and that it seemed to him no greuter injury could
be done to Christianity than in arraying it tu its
conditions ana law* in opposition to nature in Its
conditions and laws, removing u iroiu me realm or
common sense and suiroutidlug it Willi a kind oi
mysticism. The law whs that spiritual forces were
ao more capricious than uatuial forces, and the
conditions of the former were more clearly
eel lortn in the bible than the pos
sibilities or the latter were In the book
at uatiira. Man could bring the ureal spiritual
forces to bear upon lumseii, and to a certain extent
Sn others in efffeotuuting tbe work of salvation,
working of ttus princtu.e in lue realm of
nature and or grace wa.* elaborated and enforced by
apposite Illustrations, liy studitug, mastering and
applying the lorces or tue spiiin.ai world; bj em
bodying tbe power of Christ's life stid love man
uilgut go ont into ine worm to remove the moun
tains oi sin, to uproot the dees ot social inii|iiity,
to heal moral diseases, to convert iiiotai wastes
Into blooming Ldeus. ,tnd lo open up communica
tion between the soul ot man and the skv. Luther
brought about the Reformation aud Wesley and
Whitfield the revival that w.is >ei b.es-ing the
world, it might tie said th*i tioii did mat thiough
them as instruments. Bui were tliey uot ireef 1*
?oey waro not driven nv a lorco tneyoonld not.
restrain, men they did u just as truly as a man
MHVarwA proatiesi prairkr into a friiilinl field. it
was empbatii ally true that without Christ and the
energies at His spirit mail could do nothing, btr.
woe not :tn* i?|naiiy true in the mutual world f Ui i
2JJ1 siaud apart itom ubcmical and mtiurul lorces.
Conn i ne dor it was me branch that bore
but it derived lis vigor irom the vine. Uou'S i
t',i convert men through the voluntary
ajwncy or those already ennvsr'ed. 'Ihe speaker, in
ajiimiiiaion euniroj*! iliu imint Uiut Uinsliitns WOfP I
irffporuHm* rot using the spiritual forces of the
Gosoel In the execution of Its purposes, and showed
that tins position did not transfer the mode of
Human salvation from taitli to works, distinctly
suiting ttiat faith united the soul with the Saviour,
and mat all things were possible to him tuat be
Uevcth.
WAUUXtaON Alt. ME BAPTIST fBlllCil.
The Furrlvfii linn? 4 Nernon liy lie*. P?v,d
>lo?rr, Jr.
Rev. David Moore, Jr., the pastor of the church
wiuoh is situated at the corner of Washington aud
Gates avenu-s, preached an eloquent sermon yes
terday morning be ore a large congregation, re
fore announcing his text Mr. Moore slated ibat the
aggregate amount of donations made by that church
for the reliei of tue Chicago sufferers was S9M. His
text was from (he Epistle to the Romans vL, 22? "But
now being made free from slu and become servants to
Qod ye have your fruit uuto hollnesb aud the end
everlasting life."
The preacher said that the leading doctrine of
this section of the ?oriptuies of which the text
formed a part was that tree grace does not, as some
have supposed it would, lead to free Indulgence In
sin; bnt, on the other hand, it Is absolutclT essential
to the exercise of holiness. In other words, and
perhaps more simply, the doctrine of the lext, espe
cially the latter part of ine proposition, is that for
giveuehs must precede holiness. There must be a
consciousness ol free forgiveness from God to us
before any progress can be made In becoming holy
m God is holy. The main thought that be desired
to illustrate was that which he had been stating.
Let us look at the blessed stale or condition into
which a man comes who believes in Christ.
WHAT IX)K3 TUB Ar6sTLK MEAN
when he says "Believers are made free from slnV"
No, ne does not mean that, lhe Apostle could not
mean mat. He touches otherwise elsewhere. He
ikimseU jells us that he regards himself as not hav
ing attained perfection. His whole neart is set upon
it, but be lias not got to iU When the Apostle
speaks of believers being free from sin he means to
say that a believer in ybrtoj is fully forgiven,
lie personified sin. He re.Vesentwl sin as
a lordly tyrant lording over the guilty
man aud oppressing and enslaving him, filling him
with fear uud disgust of God. and driving him as a
slave into various kinds of slu. He represents slu
an a taskmaster and a tyrant. Now when a mau
weary of his burden, and, con- cious ol his helpless
ness, comes to Christ? when the burdened aud
weary soul drops iu*elf into the arms ol that Deliv
erer who Is able to deliver us from our enemies?
when a poor liioer touches
THJt atiltfTitli OK VKEB FORlilVENESS
which Christ holds out to him, from that moment
he is forgiven and jus tilled. His past sins are not
only forgiven, but he is positively Justified before
God, and there comes into that bellev?r'>i
soul a consciousness that lie is forgiven. Right
along by that sense ol forgiveness there springs out
in the heart of the forgiven an eternal, grateful
love which leads him to give himself to God body
aud soul- This ts what the Apostle means by being
made free from s?n. What la the result ot Hits eman
cipation the preacher asked. The Apostle, lie said,
leaches that this state ol freedom is mndainental to
righteousness of life. The present result is righteous
ness in life, holiness of heart, salutlmeas ot charac
ter. A lorgiven man will be holy. He has the germ
of holluess in him. Mr. Moore did not say tnat this
forgiven man would not have strong temptations,
requiring 011 his part watchlniness, struggling and
conflict, but he did mean to say that although the
forgiven mau would have evil feelings you would
find In him a power which would resist and over
come tliein. He will never take sides with Ills sius,
but with God against them. forgiven man will
be a good man.
IP rtF. 18 A POLITICIAN
he won't sell his soul to the dcvlL He won't use
the position he occupies to steal the people s money
auu organize corruption luto a system. U he is a
clerk he will not pifier. If he is stretched on a bed
ol pain, with h poor family dependent upon his ex
ertions, ne will trust m God. So you can take it, in
all the ramifications of social, domestic and busi
ness life, a forgiven man will be a good man. Not
only will the forgiven man be holv, but he Is the
ouly man who will be holy. Therefore, an unfor
given man can never have the fruit of holiness. In
concluding Mr. Moore said that bo had tried 10
show that in the Dlviue order 01 saving men's souls
there must oc faith in Christ first of all. This was
lhe first step in true religion.
t EI VICE 3 IN WA HOSDTGN.
I>r. NrwnxR en Ibc Power of Orrnt ('Hies?
Tbo L?m the Nation and Christianity Feci*
in Cbicng*.
WASHINGTON, Ocu 22, 1871.
Serv.cea were h^ld as usual in the Metropolitan
Methodist Episcopal church to-day. A verr targ>5
audience was present. Among others President
Grout and Chief Justice Chase were found In their
accustomed places. I?r. Newman spoke upon
TI1K POWBR OF GREAT CITiKS,
and drew his text from Lake six., 41? "Be beheld
the city and wept over it." lie negan by snowing
that Christ and His Apostles recognize J the power
or great cities and made them the ccntrca whence em
anated the light and lire of their doctrines, and then
passed on to consider tne work of the more thorough
evangeiis ition of great cities through the instru
mentalities God has onlaine i. Cities are centres of
power and centres of wickedocss. There la some
thing sublime in a grand city. When all that makes
thoin up Is taken Into consideration they cannot be
contemplated without admiration. Such cities are
ao bound together by commercial relations that the
prosperity and adversity of one are felt by alk From
large cities come the social customs, the fashions,
the amusement?, the forms of worship tnat are
copied by villages and rural districts It is there
ti:at the literature of a nation acquires id tone,
aud there that politics, politicians and states
men bave their home. In all great elites
there are acts or devotion, deeds of eharity, sell- ab
negation in tne cause of right which kindle God's
amue, but there are also Inhumanities and atrocities
which provoke Ills frown. A great city is a minia
ture world, 'liiere the prosperity and adversity of
humanity meet In extreme*. There is not a city in
tiiis country that lias not as much need oi missiona
ries as Poo-chow or Calcutta, and it is of import
ance ror sensiole Christian men to ask what is the
CAt'SB OK THH OR* AT WtCKMMltM OF OITIBt
The cause is primary or socoudaw. II primary,
theu Christianity is a failure? which no Christian
win admit, God works In morals, as in phvsics,
through secondary causes. It Is a scriptural doc
trine that civil government is ordained for tne pre
servation of virtue, i bo prevention of crime and
the punishment of the guilty. Much of the evil of
this city aud ail cities is traccabie to intemperance,
but civil government does not only not do away
with this source oi crime, hut by its sanction gives
respectability to a business wnlob should be oou*
deuined as usurious ami inhuman. A1 though it
may be a question whether absolute prohibition
would remove ihls source oi misery ana
slu, yet U is certain it wouid throw tho weight of
authority on th? sole of the right, and it would not
increase the evils of inienipeiauce, 11 il di l not d<}
stroy them, it wouid tius be iar better that gov
ernment should give no sanction to tho subject
rattier than, as at present, give Its influence for in
iriiinerance lustead of sobriety. In this city, as
elsewhei*, there are
LA Ws that can RKACII INTGMPKHAM'B,
idleness, lasciviousuess and gambling, but these
laws are dean. They are the gravestones of a (lend
public sentiment, oroi dead public olltciais. M? h are
taxed to pay rot the iulthiul execution oitncsc laws,
but rrom cowardice or connivance with the crimes!
ihey are uot executed and Christianity ii called
in qnestlou mr their non-execution. Another cause
ior wickemos* is found in the hu t thai tne Ciiur h
has no unity nml sysiemaucpiati ror the permanent
improvement or lie poor. Much
CKIMK COM KS FROM I OVIRTY.
Much or the theft, arson, prostitution and murder
can i>e traced lo this. The Church has done nobly,
it is true. She has raised charities nnd schools and
eliurches, bat Its churches are lor the rich. Cutler
the present system a cuurch is a social aristocracy.
Tne poor will not enter snch a temple as this,
though they are thrico Welcome. The beauty of
this church should not be dimiuishea, out there
should be places provided where the
POOR CAN FBEk WELCOME.
where on the pillars should be written, "To the
poor the Gospel is preached."
l?r. Newman closed his eminently practical ser
mon by urging nis people to system and tioiiy in
*ecaring a permanent means or relief lor the needy,
and he runner announced that not only were some
of thoi-e present ready ror snob work among tho
dosiltnte here, but there were those teady to sub
scribe monthly irom Ave to oiM hundred dollar* lor
the permanent renar of the wauy in t tie Went who,
in consequence of the late flies, are homeless ami
buffering, and laviteu all. to be helpers in tins good
work.
psomwir ErwtopiL cowmio*.
haltimohb, October 2i, 1W1.
Tins morning the convention received tne report
of the committee on Canons, opposing the alteration
of ihe constitution so an to provide lor
the representation of minorities; a so from the
same committee a report op post mi amending canon
2, title 2, providing that in the case ol a trial of a
minister tor holding and teaching publicly or pri
vately and advisedly any doctrine contrary to that
held by the Church, the consent or two-thirds of
tne number or persons constituting (he court or i
trial shall be neces*ary to a conviction.
A report that the proposed amendment would l>e
In conflict with the provisions or the k>um lint ion,
whiuii gives to the dioeese the right to Institute mo
mod.' of trying clergymen.
Rev. !?r. Van Uri'Srv, of Ontral New fork pre
sented a i anon from tiw cumnnu?w <m u>e btaic of
the Church ou th? subject or sisterhoods, accompa
nied with the following resolutions:?
Rriolvrul, That tbli boua* r?g*r with deep Internal tha
work of the women lu the Church and the formation of iiioti
CbrleUat) nrjaDiimUoM ai may tonal* wHb Uw paTemmeui
and rut?i of 11k Church.
RpRolrrd, That It ba recommended to tba reaprctlva rilo
ecan and miMionary jurlidictton* whlrh may d??tr* tb? aid
ot niicb orirani^atlona to ailop' aucb m*a?nr>'? aa may pro
mote the rflloifucy of inch auxiliaries and |Uard agalnat
aboaea.
The resolutions were adopted.
Other interesting reports were presented and dis
posed of. alter winch the order of the day, the con
md<>ration or the proponed canon on ritual unanim
ity. waa taken up.
A long, interesting aid very animated debate fol
lowed, In whtcb Mr. Andrews, or OMo: Mr. Fogg. or
Tennessee; Re*. Dr. l)e Koven, or Wisconsin, and
Jndd, of Illinois, took part.
Pending Mr. Judd's remark, at four o'clock the
House adjourned till Monday.
NEW YOrlK CITY.
Arrests lor the week, 1,671.
Vital statistics for the week ending Saturday, Oc
tober 21:? Deaths, 441; marriage*, 21-2; births, a7?;
still birthB, i?.
Fire Mar. r. ii McSpedun reports twenty- Ave fires
for the week ending October 21 at noon. The esti
mated loss id $63,815; amount of insurance, $144,300.
a lad, named Prederick Garps was taken to
Beiievne Hospital on Saturday by Officer Murphy,
of the Twenty- Orst precinct, In a critical condition
from Having fallen from the roof of a lour story
brick building in Kant Thirty-second street.
On Friday night Michael Corcoran, residing at 070
First avenue, became involved In a quarrel with his
wife, Mary, and stabbed her in the arm with a table
knife. He was taken to the Yorkviile Police Court
yesterday, aud beid for trial in the sum of tsoo bail.
James Murray, a saloon keeper, of 87 River street,
who has been ill ror a week past, rose -from his bad
at four P. M? went into the street, and at half-past
six was fonnd lying near the Newark and
New York Itallroad track at Brill's station w.tli his
throat cut from ear to ear and his stomach ripped
open. He was taken to Hi. Michael's llonpitai, but
no hopes are onrertaiued of his recoveiy.
William Molntyre, residing in Firiy-ninth htreef,
near Madison avenue, on Friday night dragged his
sick wtfe out or oed by the hair of her head and
Ent her into the street. She canned his arrest, and
e was yesterday sent to the Inland by JosUoe
nizny because he refuse 1 to aid his wire and a fam
ily of live childreu. He admitted working con
stantly, and that his earning* were $4 a day. Even
in the conrt room the wretch could not retrain from
abusing the poof creature who has the misfortune
ol being hi* wi.e.
Coroner Schlrmcr was on Saturday Informed of the
death of Henry and Samuel Friedman, aged respec
tively three and five years, who were crushed at 108
Mercer street on Friday evening by an iron basin
weighing ?oo pounds falling on them, as heretofore
published in the llSRAMf. The ba in, which stood
in an almost Derpemlioolar position against the
roiiine. was pushed over oy an nnknown man and
fell on the children. Whether the basin was pur
posely unset docs not appear. The matter will tie
investigated on Monday next. Tlio parents of the
deceabed children live at 07 Mercer street.
The Rev. William Alvm Bartlett, ofChlcaero, ono
of the pastors ot that unlortunute city who were
burned out during toe great conflagration, told
"The story of the Chicago Fire" ou Saturday even
ing to about, sixty persona assembled at
Cooper institute. Hie reverend gentle
man labored under the disadvantage or havinsr to
tell what tie kuew, saw and heard during the rew
days of terror walch fallowed the terrible days of
the Are. long after all the newspapers had told
everyming or interest about the disaster. However,
nlu hearers seemed to be very mucli interested.
An Investigation was yesterday ooairucnoecl be
fore Coroner Scnlrmer in the case ot Mrs. Mary
Foote, late of 417 Pearl street, whose death was flie
result of Injuries received last Friday week by
being knocked down by a run i way hyr.so studied
to a carl belonging to Messrs. Koseudale A May,
merchants in Chatham square. as pre
viously reported. The testimony showed
that the tfay previous to the occurrence
Mr. Itoscndaio had taken the horse rroui the Third
Avenue Railroad Company on trial, aud ir kind,
good and sound he was to buy tilin. While the
horse was hitched to a post in front oi the store he
became frightened. probably at a passing horse and
wagon, aud broke loose. Mr. May seized the horse
bv the bridle and endeavored to hold htm, but
a'ter bolus dragged fifteen or twenty rcet was
compelled to let go. The animal then dashed up
Chaiham square and in his flight ran over deceased,
intlictiut; ratal iniurioa. owing to tUe absence of
the man who delivere l the horse to Mr. Roseridalo
the further investigation of tfte case was adjourned
till to-?lt?y.
BROOKLYN AFFAIRS.
Family Scaldnd.
William Shaw, a child three years old, fell into a
boiler of hot water at No. 17 Taiwan street, last
night, and was so badly scalded about me body
that lie died snortiy alter.
A Krroiene Accident.
While Panic* Began, or 102 York street, was Ail
ing a kerosene lamp at six o'clock last night, the
mid ignited and burned htm in a serious manner
before (he fiances could be extinguished.
Fire at Greer point.
Ttie building SI Greenpolnt avenne. Oreennoln'.
took lire at about two o'clock yesterday morning.
The first floor wan occupied an a cigar atoro by
Richard Nceley, whose loss on stock and fixtures is
estimated at $700. The imildlug. owned by Mr.
Morton, was damaged to the amount or $5oO.
Fn 'Ml Brrali of mm Aei-itiruf.
Mr. Andrew Christian, manufacturer of children'*
carriages, at 05 Maiden lane, New York, died ai liia
residence, in Pordham, on Saturday, from the effect*
of Injuries received by being thrown from his car
riage, in Prospect Park, on Prldav last. Mr. Chris
rinn had visited the fair at Prospect Park Fair
Ground, and had presented the prtxe nab* or the
babv show with a carriage, and wa< returning home
through tlie pur* when he met with the accident
T ibvnry Atitcinllitn,
The annual course of lectures under the auspices
of the Library Association will be inaugurated next
Thursday by M. De Cordova, who will tell the j
honest Brooklyuires all about our municpd frauds
in his Inimitable humorous way. The rending
rooms of the association are the most popular resort
of tho literary portion of the ciiiieus 01 tiie Kantern
District. Anna Dickinson. Can Sedan. Dr. Lord
and other distinguished gentlemen will lecture
during the winter.
A \Vill(Hiii*l?urjr Pl B<t?lli* Narrow I; i-npe
from SuntuiHry JiiMlur,
At about tin eo o'clock yesterday a lernnon an
angrv multitude assembled In front of tho residence
No. lid Johnson street, Williamsburg, demanding
Joseph Bohc, on- of Its occupants. Officer nehelwaid,
noticing the uuasual tumult, iu<lied Into the crowd
end asked for an explanallon. lie there found a
little girl named Bertha Schumacher, aged three
.rears and eleveu months. In the hands of'strong and
indignant cin/ens. The child was pale wilh frlgni,
and her clofhes were covered with blood, on further
inquiry ine oilioer ascertained that the cluld
lisd neeii ravished and ten In a half dring condition
by Huge, lie then entered the premises and found
Hose crouching iu the cellar. WUen he brought the
wretch Tort 11 the crowd made a rush for ntm, cry-
nig, "Hang him I Hang huui" Hnt the officer, alter
creat rtifltCtlltv, succeeded In taking his prisoner to
the stuKir meet station house, where ho was locked
up. after which the crowd sullenly rotlred. Hose is
a native of oermanv, forty- four years of ago and a
man ol family. lln vktlm ia fho daughter of a gen
tleaian of high character, residing in tho saute
dwelling with him. Tlie sorgeou who attended the
om raged child pronouuued it the most horrible u <1
he f ?ci saw.
HEW YORK INFANT ASYLUM.
The Broadway Tabernacle was crowded Inst uiuiit
at a meeting having for Its object the eatahlWimcnt
of an Infant asylum in ihls city, to be under the
management ol representatives from me Protestant
denominations of nils city. A charter has been
planted by the Legislature for this object, and the
asylum is designed lor the reception and nurture
of foundlings and infants abandoned by impover
ished or dissolute parente, and to aid
preventing the widespread and terrible crime of 111
fanticlde, as welt as to give guidance and protec
lion to the unfortunate mother*, and thus aid in
saving theni from destruction. The Institution M j
under 110 sectarian ontrol. but Is to be managed by
a board of lady managers representing al; the rrot
estnnt denominations of the city and by a like con-
diluted board gonilcmeii acting in trustees.
"iHR MABYLAHD JOCKEY CL0H.
Hu riaoiiK, Mil., Oct. 'Jl, U7I.
Tlie annual fall meeting and races of the Mar.v
inn l Jockev Clnh over tho Plmtico Conise com
mnii'gl on Tuesday next, 24th. and will continue
fisir date? Mih, *Mh, a;m and 'jsth nist. A number
or the finest racrs Ui tlie country, from the stables of
Messra. M?'iui.>iit, itabcock, saniord, Cameron,
l)i is* ei I Mc Daniel and others, are on the giound and
will run. A wees of unnsnai intereW Is rontem
Mated in riMi contest vl Uwat umhouuu or?Us.
THE PUBLIC PABKS.
The Charges uf Extravagance Against
the Department of Public Parks.
Ex|ifndit:irt's ludrr the Old Cominisnion and
the New Board.
Interview with a Park Com
missioner.
Inconsequence oi the charge* or Insinuations of
extravagant expenditures made against the Depart*
ment of Public Parks, a reporter of the Herald
visaed the department and obtained an Interview
with Judge Hilton, one of the Commissioners, when
the following convers ttton ensued s?
Question? I havo couie to learn whether you have
anything new to add to our former Interviews, which
have been given in the Herald, about the parks,
tbeiroost of maintenance, Ac., as I see Mr. Green,
in his late letter, refera to tnis point t Axswm? No.
I nave nothing special to add to what you nave
already published iron mo on tbe subject. Our first
,etter to Mr. Urein, with the reports of onr Engineer
inChiefani other officers appended, respecting the
works In progress under us and the effect of then
stoppage, answered all that Mr. Green now desires
to reopen. His last letter, Judging from the toue
and contents, it seems to me should nave been
signed as Pars Commissioner, and late chief officer
of the Ccnral Park Commission.
Q. He appears to oomplaiu of the extravagance of
the preseut Board. How doss the cost or maintain
ing Central Park under your department compare
with Its coat under tu<5 former Commission wnen
Mr. Green had charge of UT A. Central Park while
under the care of the late Ceutral Park Commis
sioners had an anuuai appropriation b.v law for its
maintenance of $330,000. There was also an annual
appropriation by la v for the m tiutenanoe or tbe
Musenm and Observatory of $30,000. These amounts
were usually found insufficient, and then
moneys were taken by the Treasurer from
the other amoun's in his bands for assessments
and o her purposes, and used to the extent
required. This deficiency was an expenditure
in excess of the legal appropriation for the Park
maintenance and was usually about $40,000 per
year. This was the expenditure upon Central l'ark
alone, and amounted to about $370, ooo per annum
tor police and maintenance.
q. But 1 bavo beard said that yon have materially
Increased tbe Park police force A. Ye?, and you
might add, materially improved it. There was cer
tainly need for both increase and improvement.
Formerly the force, with gatekeepers, Ac., all told,
?mounted to seventy-seven men; but there was
constantly being detailed to assist them workmen
j aud laborers engaged upon I'ark constructions, and
who were paid out 01 anoiher iuud than the main
tenance. This .system we did not approve. The labor
ers soineuiiies appeared rude, and often incompetent,
because they had not the experience or trarnid
park keepers, wnose duty is to bear with a HUle
waywardness on tne part of tiie public while in
public places We nave increased tuts loroe to 117,
and mix of which are detailed temporarily to care
lor Macomb 8 Dam Bridge und Third Avenue Bri ge.
So one can object to this increase, tut it most be ap
parent, to all that there nre not policemen enough
iu central i'ark. captain Milis. who is well known
as a most, efficient oiltcer, complain-* f equentljr of
being short handed, and of the impossibility of
poncing tlic i'ark with Uio present number, of the
efficiency or the lotce I tlnnk no one will complain.
I'ney are a capital body of men, but they are not hair
numerous enough lo patrol sui. acres oi park grounds,
Q. Whatis the expense of the force A. It. win
average lor pay and clothing aoout fifteen hundred
dollars lor each man; so Hat the tony additional
iucu put on by us adds to tue cost o( central Park
mfliutenance $60,ouj per annum.
What does tnat make the wnolc expense for
all the parks t A. Ah, you must not forget iu<tt wo
h.ive a large expense in park keepers on our city
narks, uud wlitcii should lie largely increased. Be
fore tlieso parks came into our hands well, It is not
Decenary to sav wnat tuev wore Heretofore, or now
i tuey were eared tor? there were oertaluly none of
I the present efficient and necessary park
keepers to 100k alter them. When we improved
them ana made tlieiu lnvitiag to '.lie pum*; wo
considered it our duty, in accordance with the law,
loprutecitue public iu its enjoyment*. \s an tnts
view we have appointed thirl* eight parkkeepers,
ou the city parka over twenty in number, wno, with
the gardeners aud sweepers, con titute a lorce for
their protection.
tj. Are these all your expenditures for the main
tenance oi ail tne parks? A. Yes; but you should
add the cost oi tue music aud fire works. The music
ou nil tne parks costs about HS.Ooo, aud the tire
works o<i the 4th of J nly lo.ooa Yon will no doubt
recollect that loimerly fireworks for tiie "Fourth"
ranged from |2A,noo to $8o,ooo, and then there was
not muca of a ttsxle. It is wwi Know i what we
nave given the last two years in the way of Are
1 works and ainslo on tne "Fourth.''
y. Is that all i A. Ves. But yon mast not forget
that immediately after we had charge giveu us of
the parks ihe prosent Eight Hour law went Into
ctfect, producing a marked duTerence in the cost of
ail gardening and other similar work, such as taking
care of the parks, <ko., where the lengtn of time the
man is employed is very material, I consider that
its effect was to increase the cost oi maintenance of
the parks one-fifth, ihe difference betweeu eight
and ten uonrs.
H. Do you consider that to bo irs general effect
A. No, 1 Uo not; out the parks require the men to
rumaiu upon them to look alter litem, and are aub
ject 10 dliiereiit rules irom those applicable to or
uinarv mechanical work.
y. Then, how can you compare the present cost
of tne parks with that oi former years A. Very
easily. 1'hus, t lie antral i'ark OoiumisBionens ex
pended annually about $370, OoO. To this add oue
fiitli lor the ttlghi llonr law, wonld bring it up to
$444, uoO. The lorty additional policemen cost
Sno.ooo per atinnm, making altogether for Central
Park alone, upon the basis of the expenditure of
the loriner Commissioners, $6Jl,ooo per annum.
Tnun, as lo the cltv narks, the lormcr aopropiiation
for care alone whs Irom $76,ooo to *u3,uoo per year.
Taking the lat ter snm as a basts, addurg one filth
for the reduct ou of hours of labor, makes it up
to 31 u.ooo. The police force, which is addt iotiai,
amounts to <4;.uoo per annum. Fireworks and
music in Central and city parks, $;t;i,ooo, giving a
total oi $ii!4,i:00 per annum; and. adding this to The
Central i'ark maintenance, would show that upon
the basis oi the expenditures of former years u
should have reqntred lor all this class ol work
$tii'?,ooo per ttuuum.
Now, look at the other side and see what we have
actually expended, bearing in lmnd thai the mree I
I moutlis irom October 1 to January l next are not
near as expensive as dm in* trie summer and spring
i mon:lis, w.ieu a large lorce of maintenance au.l
I gardeners are requital* Call these months, then,
1 equal to oue-sixtli oi thoyear lu coat, ami we have
the following icsall:? Kxpended on cen<ral i'ark to
October 1, $;uii,"tO; on the city parks, fsl.ooO? in i
I Ciuding ponce, mils. c and everything? giving a total I
oi {>410,0 in; add one-sixth for the residue of ihe
year, would In; $74,uj0, making the total expendi
ture up to January l $ail,0o!i, or {i*i7,0(W per an j
nam? less than In former vrars wneu ill* city att
i hot nies na<i charge of the citv pat hs uud our pie
ileeessors had charge of central i'ark.
tiico you claiui fiat instead of being extrava
gant you have jciuiiHt been more ecoucuiical than
yonr predecessors? A. I ulve yon tne actual
tlyuros; they exittalu themselves; and as to tne
parks, certainly do one will deny that alt, Including
central i'ark, have been far i>etior ctred tor tliau ai
any time heretofore. Most of tlieui previously were
but desert wastes; we have made them garden
spots, and the public has appreciated tiicni u> flock
ing to tnem by million*.
Now, as to the expenditure1) o:i Die parks for
permanent improvement*, upwards of two million
dollars sl ice May, ism? A. well, about two-thirds
otthat sum has been spent on tue Battery, Toinp
km's Square, Washington .square, Reservoir Square,
Mount Morris (square, ctiy liati i'ark aud the uumber
lesa city squares, bet any sane man look at these
separator, examine the work none, and then nee If
tie cau say, as puidic works, wneiher they could be
none for ie?s. On central i'ark we have leitthe
legacy of many expensive structures to complete,
wnich were designed and commenced by the
/ormer CoinmHstoners. The Beivinere, a very ex
pensive toy; the Conservatory, badly located and
ti rrmlv expensive;* the old Paieozo c Museum,
which' re were lorced to abandon; the Dairy, a
useless tliius for the purpose desigued, because ol
being until ly located; several expensive bridges to
repair, enlarge or rebuild; the Hark wabs, very
expensive; the widening of the main drive, also
very expensive: a very expensive sewer
from tue Meuauerie lo Piriy-niutu street;
raising ihe grade of Ktgtuli a\enue some
eighteen 10 twenty feet at Manhattan Square;
flltiuK up Manhattan Square In greater part forty
leet nelow grade, adapting the west suio of the
t'ark to the new avenue grade lor about two miles,
building the utaoios, pavmg ami grading tne traus
verse roads, creating tne Museum and me many
aulmal bnlldlnrs now formtntt the Menagerie, com
pleting the Eighth avenue circle, paving Flity-nintb
Hreet, completing the unnecessary square at Kiity
nliitn street ami Kdth avenne? a useless waste of
ground, the Ideaoi the old commission; building
tne Sheepfold, erecting a nnuiber of cottages for
ladles auo Children, also for men; completing Fifth
avenne sidewalk ior over a tulle, lighting all the
transverse roads, completing the Terrace ami great
louniaiu basin, relaying tne Park walks, tue Mail,
Ac. Indeed 1 might goon tor an hour enumerating
the various works oi construction, but the public n
familiar Willi ad the^e things, and I have but to nail
MtiMition to *ome of tnem. Kvery dollar ha* been
lain* M>eut aud the parka show a (nil
nivaieni. r>t any recpeetaole commit too
in vtiHift ?e?? examine our work and its
cost Hint compare it with any prevloua
work 01 i old Commissioners or an* public body
Mud we win be satisfied with their verdict. It mnst
be ono of approval, ami let me sar that It will give
ns great pleasure to have tin* Investigation made,
ami all our account 4 ami all our acta scrutinized by
fny we don't care how unfriendly 1 hey mar
be. I here can lie but quo couclualou, we lluuk,
irom any Investigation.
an.y .?r Uie ''ommittee* MM to the tie
J A". wiuier.tanU a subcommittee of .Mr.
Hpofford an<l Mr. Roosevelt came one morning whilo
^cptTiU Park ami examined our accounts,
mV v2i 'v^c*. ^ery facility was given them by
Mr. Vau Nort, and I understood that the/ ex
pressed themselves satisfied befote '.caving. I
wish thev would come ajfaiu and tnvestl-
?verTlh'pg. I promise that nothing
Khali be withheld, and ever* explanation
asked lor shall be given treeiy. I would llko iheni 1
to see and examine our heads of bureau* our iiai
mMiir and prinelpul employes, and see if thev
appear like a cUsh ot men who would oonntve at
any wrong. Then examine our system ol awurdlna
contracts, talk with tne lirst-class merchants with
whom we deal and see whether we uon't purchase
everything at the lowest ia*h prt< c. lm'.eeJ, 1, lor
one, want to be Investigated; I will humbly ho* for i
It, bat I don't want It hall done.
Q. Then you don't fear Itr A. Kear It? Not
mnch. I have no fear of scrutiny 01 cverjtuinn
dons her?.
Q. Now, as to expending moneys beyond the
aniountw appropriated, Mr. Green nays you violate
the law in ho uoing> A. Well. It may lie so, techni
cally; but he did the name thing when he was Trea
surer here and thought It no wrong. It lino in
terest to us personally to do so, ami, did I believe
the public were not sustaining us In our course, I
would stop right here, disband all our toroes po
lice, maintenance gangs, engineers, Ac.- and let the
parks take care of themselves. This would be the
practical result of following Mr. Oram's vtowa ir
tnis idea had prevailed we should now have Tnlrd
Avenue Bridge, Macomb's Darn BrUkre and Ford dam
Bridge, either impassable or tumbled down, leaving
the pnblic to cross the Harlem River tn ferryboats.
But we took the responsibility and repaired those
bridges when there was not a oent appropriated
lor the purpose. Ir sucn condnot la wrong or cansc
lor being inalUned, then i can only say that I am
mistaken. Why. It Is only a few days ago that I
gave direction to repair ;iie draw of MacomVs l)atn
Tiridge, notwithstanding Mr. Green's views, but 1
am consoled by the tact that tn doing this 1 am
making bafe lor public travel what is now regarded
by engineers as exceedingly dangerous.
4. la that all you have to sav A. Vei: if that is
all you want to known. If you have forgotreu aay
tnlna call again and 1 shall be pleased to turonn j ou
on any subject within the department.
Q. A final question. Have you sent Mr. Green
your pay lolls? A. No; he has nothing to do with
them as Deputy Comptroller. They are vouchers on
die in this department, where they belong. As a
Commissioner of Pabilc Parks he knows ho has free
access to them at ait times, and he or any committee
may examine and scrutinize them to the fullest ex
tent, but the Hoard wi'l not authorize their being
taken rrom the department. The experience of the
paat teaches us to carefully guard our vouchers,
but they are here freely open to lusptction wheuevcr
lie or auy responsible committee wishes to examine
them.
Much obliged for yonr Information. Good
afternoon. A. Wait a moment. Here Is a state
ment T have from an engineer-lti-cluef, wmch may
interest you. It la a comparison of tho oost and
amount of work done upon the boulevards by the
former commissioners for a period of iirteen months
prior to January, 1870, and lor fifteen months mere*
after under the present department.
STATKMRNT OF QUANTITIES Or WORK 1>0N* ON Tn*
UOUI.KTASII FED* 1TB COM MCNCIMR.NT iSKP KMIIKH 21,
HUB, J TO APHIS. W, 1B71.
F.om Srjt.il, lHti^l /'cow in. 1, 1870,
A 'I it), 187 1,
Ah ml U J tonth
to Jan. 1, 18.0
A'*)tU 16 Month
2U.(,o?H) uuuia fill...
MS.l'UO cubic yd*.
IlltfOu cable yd?.
8 t.4(iU cuiilc yiis.
?7,6tlU cubic ydi. 336, MM cubic yd?.
iU,7i II fiputra yd?.
12.700 fiibln yds.
6,!!00 lin*.il feftt.
ln.4uu H.|inire hurt.
3,5.1) llueitl fsct.
$iW7,93it M
92, 7<H) a Huuu ylf.
41.630 cubic ydi.
iO.hitO lineal feet.
U.300 i<iu?re leot.
4?,600 ?.iuar? yd*.
?W4.1M M.
haun excavation..
Hook ?n ar allnn
Flilinc fnruMhcd
Telford paveui't lata..
Maoadain ilone bro
ken and furnished
Curb act
Flawing lali'
Hluicea built
Roadway completed
Ex pandit ore
Sbftkmhkb IWi~
Yon will perceive by this that for about flfl0,000
additional expenditure we produced equal to dou
ble the expenditure or the old Comraissiou. Any
contractor or person itcqualtired witli such work j
will tell you that the great expense upon them is in I
the tilling, the rock oxcavation, the pavement, ami
material therefor, ana completing tlto roadway.
These eonstitnte the chief uost of such work, ami
tne statement shows that we did three times as
much of this work (except the rock excavation) for
about oue quarter additional expense.
Tins statement is well worth examining, as it
speaks toudor In lavor or our method of building
t hese great roads than any language of mi no can
express.
THE COURTS.
SUPERIOR COURT SPECIAL TERM.
Occiklawk
rj Judge Jo tied.
Chiiilm llynei .T'l-tfh 'Writer grafted.
J(me> Jt inxm r?. John iVir?i/l ri Same.
fdrnk O, i ''a* w. II'- f j i m C. W r -Snm?.
Filer tr. fT'il'h r. John K Tl ilh <i.~ KelorPnci ordered.
Hy Jutlue Minted.
Thoni'.T. Tt'irr-. N i hi A tiny/I i.y -f Motion to vacate
urder granting leave to aoe teerirer (ranted. 8ee opinion.
'&imr r Nunr. S?e opluiun on motion to puulih the ds
r?n lant for contempt.
.f'irr*'' II'. CiHi r ft'er t', WnUf it nl.? Judgment for
defondauk Hee memoranda or decision.
SUPKEWF CWnT-CMWEtt.
It rtiinimn*.
By ilndiie Incraham.
NwJi a Jadgmrat grants. I.
Jf.j. r. Ttlltr H Injunction raeatrd aa to Teller,
and continued a* to tbe other defendant.
Onoilrnnuak t n', il'inninq.? Motion granted for com
mission; tlia other motion dented.
Sim'Oh i'ii une i .?Motion granted on payment of f 10
coat a.
M-lt'mft tin', W. Prrtitrt ti nl. -Motion granted.
Mi P. n miibm v. Dii'iniuy Motion ^rantaJ nu Uefendsm's
stipulating, Ac.
SURBOGOTE't C8UTT.
Will* Admittril-Tifltrrant Administration. ?Jfce.
Before Surrogate Veeder.
During the past week taa wills uf the followln j named par
sons were admitted to probata Mary B. McCord, of Pas
sale county, N. J., ami David WHrnon, Kdward McDerltt,
Ueoiae J. Badger, Joseph H. (Ian far, Benjamin Hampton
and Thomas K. Bowden, of Brooklyn. The will of tilliabctb
Uaaps was rsjacted.
Letters of administration wers granted on the estate of
Jacob Baal, Kllzabetb Heafe, Aan Kltza Pomeroy, Frederick
Byrol, Kdward Carroll, II Rudolph, Frederick Mollman,
Joseph K. Main. Margaret Foster and Frederick H rocker.
Letters of guardianship of the person and estate of KUa
Wood were granted to Catharine W Wood, and of (leorgs
A. and Mary H. Chad well to Wm. 3. Cbadweil, all of Brook
If.
COURT CAlSIRMV-TirS 01/
Sm pbmk Cockt Special Tbru? HcM by Judge
Cardo/o.? Nos. 3ft, 147, 260, Ml.
Marine Court? Triat, Teh*? Part :i? Hold Dy
judge Aiken.? Nos. 69*8, 7439, 7W?, 7706, 7707, 770-1,
66J2, '(Hit, *H?74, 68 ft, 0876, '18*0. B881, 11882. >*83.
Supreme Court? CnscuiT? Part 2? Held by Judge
nrady.-No*. van. 3M, i?o?i. 3M, :wo, :?<o
3 'HI, 3-8, J7U, 378X, 646, 382, 384, 386, 390, 14 i, 332,
8i>6, 16#.
SUfgKJon court? Triai. Tbrm? Part t? Held by
Chlet justice Uarootir.? set down cause*? Nos. 6l:>,
66% 12l.\ MM, 797, 726. 411, 107ft, ?7i, 1193, 120l?, 62J,
<21, 116.) 870. tt.13, 663, 275, 741, HS1, lliO. 1161,
1217, iW1. Added caiiRi's? Nos. looi, ?n9, 74?. Part
2 lleM by .liidtfo Kroedman.? Xo?, iimw, iot ilfif,
7.0, 9;>), ISO1,, 1112, 1216, J" 10, 1100, 1274, 7i2, 1132,
1110, 1170. 1148, 88*.
COMMON Pi.ka.>< Tri Al. TKRM? Part 1? ili'ld by
1 Jtiojje Van Brnnt? NM. H4#, 987, t?2, 1012, lOl'i,
772, 0:?, 744. 10W2, 922, 9?, 2?, 11)08, SOW.
United Statbs Disiuht oornr? Ai'Miitt/.rv?
Reforc .Indire Hlntohrord. -Nna. 22^, Foster Willis vs.
J. I? Wooobtiry: 22, Tliotnas Durhaiu ve. 1.21.6
Mtrtfled Pipes; 218, John P. Brown vs. Samuel C.
Loud; lott, John R Chas? vr. Hark A ice Tolnetr;
2J3, Tnonias ^iiilth vr. (Sooner et al. 14 John W.
Lo<:? vs. steain?riip <tt? or Raltlmora; 174, New
Yortc Uarbur Protective Company v->. Schooner
Ciara: 17fl, Ainruvtus M. Cox vs. si?*aiiUiiK Clara
A narita: 201, Edwin core ?n v<. steamboat
Wvomitu; 224, William PhilllpH vs. Steamboats
Annie and Carrie; 199, Benjamin F. sherimtn vs.
Joiiu W. klott; 07, lleuiy Uenary vs. smp Prtuc?9
Albert.
SHOOK IN0 IBllUMANITY IN HCB JKEH.
Vestcrday aiteruoon a woman named Kclily was
arrested by unicer Dewey on a charge preferred by
a Mrs. Moltlmnn, 01 No. 21 Willow street, to the
effect tliat her little boy, aged three yearn, had been
subjected to the most brntui treatment by tbe ac
cused. It appears that some dispute had arisen
between the women, and the little boy committed
some real or Imaginary offence afalnst Mrs. Itelllv.
Tne latter immediately seized the child, lilted it into
the sir and then dashed it headlong against the
ground. The ehild won taken np almost senseles*,
when It was found that xorious Injuries had resulted
from the savnge treatment It had received. The
dame was luckeu up by sergeant Hour 40 to await
examinaiion.
TtlE HOBO SEN HURDLE.
The Coroner's inqnlailton Into tbe circumstance*
attending the death of Thomas McMatum, who was
rataliy wounded on "The meadows1' a week ago,
wm brought to a close on Saturday, at 61 Washing
ton street. The chief witnesses were Dr. Taylor
and Mary Brady. The doctor's statement has
already been published in the Herald. The jury
was composed of a respe.ctanle number of men. who,
alter a brief deliberation, rendered the lollowing
verdict:? "We ilnd tnat Ttiotuaa McMahon came to
his death from the efte. ts of a wound Inflicted mir
ing a Oght with Moaea Henry and Ueorge Henry;
and we nelteve that these men wero implicated in
the ease." Qaorge Henry, who was present, tn
custody, was tliereupou committed to toe county
Jail. Moses Henry, who tras recovered trnni his
injuries, was also arrested. A Mr. Otlhatn who bail
been held a prisoner was not mentioned as having
i an* I'onnecttoa with tbe affair at ail.
WAITING FOR ALEXIS.
A Trip Down the B?y-Sr?nei on Board the
Arimlrnl'a Fln??hlp? When Will He Came f?
Tke of (he flqnndrun and Their H*r
Mnlrl.
A strainer or small size, a One d ay and a clear
confidence are three things likely to make a trip
down the Bay highly enjoyable at this season or the
year. You can walk on the Limited dcck forward
an well aft the potato barrels and bread baskets will
permit yoo, or yon cm amboiateon the leeward side
and take tn successively through your olfaotorles the
odor of oil from the machinery and toe penume t>r
simmering salt Junk from the galley. When tnene
have cloyed your senses with delight you f an enter
the pilot house and enjoy a cigar, tne gleam of the
?uushine on the rippled waters, the gentle slopes of
Staten Island, the Mg guns at the forts, and then you
can listen to the perverse charting Detwecn the man
at the wheel and his friends, the Captain and some
uauttcal Diogenes who can also make the spoke fly
round. The Hkkai.d reporter alter a while leU bees
on listening to the cliaiT. The man at the wheel
answered to the name of "Joe." What a fatality of
ridicule there Li in tne hare mention of the word.
The Captain looked at the helmsman as a living
joke, :tnd for no other apparent reason than that be
bore the aloresaid comic cognomen. Diogenes
snarled at him good hamorcdly lor the same reason.
Joe was or an earnest turn of mind, and wti con
stantly making earnest remarks, whereupon
I Diogenes would jeer and i(ie Cupiaiu laugh, said
Joe,
"Cap'n, I'd a dream last night."
"Well, what d'ye dream?"
"You know that meerschaum pipe 1 lo? over
ooard?"
"Did you And it?" quoth Diogenes.
"No," laid Joe.
"Then what's the good o' dreaming ai>ou'. sit*
snarled Dlogeue.?.
"S'elp me, 1 droam't I was sm >king It."
??Don't mind him, Cap'n," interposed Diogenes;
-he's got 'cm bad; Ihcm Brooklyn boys is after
him."
Joe steered aud steered, but could not propitiate
his tormentors until Lower nuarautlue was passed,
when Diogenes took the holm and told him mildly
to put his head In a bag if he couldn't steer any bet
ter. The vessels o( tue Uuiied States squadron
were now looming up ahead, and alter an amount
of backing, shouuug aud steering Diogenes ran the
little steamer along the port side of the frigate
Congress, and the reporter skipped (that's nautical)
up the ladder aud was in tautiy lace to Uce with
the marine on guard upon Uio limited platiorm,
which is his sentry walk.
??Whom do you want to sec r"
??Admiral llowau.'
.see the officer on dcck, air.
Steps on dccK and llnds a nutnbor of officers on
deck but at length discovers the exact one de
sired' in tue person o. a courteous lieutenant com
innnder, who sends my caid to tne stanch Nice
Admiral below. 1 saunter on tho snowy spar decu,
winch is ilu-h lore aud aft, and guzo
ut> at the taper m;tsrs anl spars aud
tno rl"giiig none rally so hopeless to a
lundsmau tike niysell. Everything la suug, clean
aud i?ut. a marine comes on deck and respec
lullv USKS tiiiit I go below and see the Admlra
whose quarters are aft, on the gun deck. Vice Ad
miral Kownn is a tali, well-built man, with auuiliirj
leatures, a gray mustache aud hair, and gray, piert
IiiBevos? every inch a commander. He we.comes
moon nourd, and has uo objection in the World lo
uiy remaining a night ou board that Is, If ht can
Sud loom, the Congress being already somewhat,
crowned. This j>ari of the business was soon settle 1,
mid i was assigned a berth lor the mght in %lie tnid
JiuDman's (iiisrwrs, mis being the only sleeping
roomvacaniiu tne ship, aud that onlylor theuiiuu
I declare my ciuire diiuitMiion, nort MB tola to
meSTntheward room with the officers. Among
gallant young admirals of tho future I am soon
?it the world it Is tUe naval officers. It is ne venue
less a curious study how much reserve and disci
niine there Is between tne various grades wnion
go to make up the b^P'* bSinsaa
5 VP44A1 a* uie thMCfttiH? ot a ftcel. ttiw ueginJi an.
MduSew oa to tue bow ot tho ship. Alt or all
?I the Admiral. severely alone in his glory. Next
comes the Captain, almost as severely alone. Then
roiue tho aoovo ih? gr*?i6 ol mitfsnipmcii,
next the midshlpmes themselves, and following
them boatswain, gunner, carpenter and salluiaker.
Ueyoud them the marines aud crew, until the how
sunt spring!1 almost out ol the sick hay or hospital.
Iii* messes follow in tue same order,
ind Tiie gun deck, where officers and
men moke aud louuge, is Just as strictly
Dsrcelcil off. i> is quite a pretty picture to look
kiouir t til s dec* ami unserve the Captain as he
sn eniu'y wnlK- tip and dowu oudtng liis Havana ou
iiie port side outside his office; on the starboard
side ?ue officers puff in a circle and ctiau Forward
of the next nig gun the midshipmen are grouped
and too in a circ.e of their own, aud bey on 1 the
crew puff in as many groups as they Please. 1 need
not continue tins necessary rouUne to tho
oiui but can And loom to say that n
noes not interfere m the slightest with the
Qood feeling w hich pervades all hands, from
tue Vice Admiral aft to the landsman lorward.
Kvervthlna on board iho (joiwretn looks as 11, when
we UuMian Scot arrives, they will be able to see
what one or I'ncle ham's ships-of-war can loo* like
In time of peace, such woito decKa and p. dished
rails, snch einciency everywhere, from manning the
nulls to maunlag tne yards. There are sixteen ui
these on the congress? seven nlue-lnch on ea<it
broadside and two sixty-pound riies, bow and
storn chasers. I he able Captain, II. K. Davenport,
and his ellleient executive odioer, Lleuunant com
mander W. T. Sampson, aided by all the officers,
have brought the discipline oi the crow into ?hapo
that will compare with any man-of-war in the
world. Tl.eotlier vessels ol tne squadron are the
Severn a sister ship to the Congress. carrying
lilteeu guns, uuder Commander
lroiiiioift six if hub. CuiumaaUer 11* A? 1
Kansas four guns, Commamler Chester liatflelu,
K tender Tallapoosa, Uouteuaut McRitcuie.
Between all the vessels there w a lively wmpeti
tlon in the matter oi drill and exercise. Morning
aud cveulug orders aro issued by signal
from l be flagship, aud when the drum beats ami the
signal flags are run down it Is a bretty sight to se?
the active-limbed urs scramble up the rigging live
caw. I saw the order given iu the morning, "Hoist
topgal lan tm astn aud raids." The crews were all
piped ou deok, a uumber oi tnew stood on the im.
warks ready to ascend at t lie dipping of the signal,
and as soon as that was done up tin?y went
to the points assigned tliern. Tue taper
topgallantmasis could soon be seen rising above
the topmasts, and tuen the yards ruuulng up
to be swung across as soon as 111 their pluce. Thou
to see the seamcu soami>eriug tlown as fast as weir
legs could carry Uicm, amid the peculiar
Inir of the boatswains' whistles. The Coiigiess was
the first to have lh yards across, auu ns sooo si
that was accoiupiuued the baiul on dcck stnica up
"ilaii Columbia.' The men tans Hie liveliest in
terest in these competitions. The leeUmi on uoai ^1 U?
generally one of gotni tempered 'mr^rence^^lf Biqch
a tliinn Is possible; beyoud that there is the afore
said determination to Vlna^r
Bide out. llnw it Ih mat tb?i navy li waiving far
a uvi?i occupying until lo spare iuoni<iBld about
any thing in tuV way of news that will prove inter
M|lhe' following H a list of the officers of the Con
^liceJUmirat-*. C. Kowan.
C.ip'um- H. K. naveuport.
Liruimaiti I. Sampson, B. i
Day aud I'lul. li. Cottper.
S'lry oi.? I;d. s. Bogerf.
P( I WlUl8t( I' Gf0r){0 tOCQt iltlO.
t'/lW t'w'wf-Ki II. Uti'H-
L:-Ut na/i's-U u. Stockton, C. F. Arnold and i
J- V. P. Bleecker, H. C. Hnnter, William
H. Krrett, Edward i'. NSood, IU Q.O.
fir. i Jin n' t'na'Wfr? u H. Oreenlear.
MOond t!"Wtu*r?t. W. l-iUih.
A9Hi?l<tn'. Smv< on? U. I~ w*. nni-,an
M dyhii>n\fii? C. K. Vreeland. O. W. liolman,
t i* Sueer A- 11- Cobb, W. fci. SoAe,l, l. 1?
u'reen^, 0. Salter, Charles Terrell, J. C. Frce
,UfVr?t Lleufnai* or Marine- Frank D. Webster.
lay a*r*?W- Underdown.
liuatsito in? John Hull.
(1, inner- W. r. Iievisn.
iwp^rtwHeory
n n miwrs aj JMW. m ..ty-foor
mannes, mauu.' a fwt?l 1411 u,tu*
A REFORMER S RIOT.
There appear* to hare been grave meaning in tn?
suinresilon of aeverai members or th? commute* of
tfte city rttormcrs who interviewed the Governor
at Aliianjr Uu- other day. Judge Pierrepout and *x<
Governor Salomon declared that there was danger
or a riot during the coming election In N>w York,
and the Irter wn clamorous tn his demand thai
me stale militia should be put on guard on tnai
event ful occasion. II we are to judge from what oc
curred at the Bradley ratification meeting in Tblrtjr
roort.li atreet on Satnrnay serious apprehension!*
of Uoodabcd mu weil be entertained. The ad
herens or certain or the "reformers r made an
oaalaoghi on (tie outside meeting, and bat ror the
opportuue arilval of a large force of police on tue
scene a first ciuss riot would have occurred. This
Is just the thing that would have suited Manars.
Pierrepout and Salomon, but instead or being
started by the Tammany supporters tt was inaugu
rated by the henchmen or the so called reformers.
Are theae the rioters which the Coin mltieo ol Sev
enty arc no anxiously solicitous about f
THE VIRGINIA AflP TE.THE88BE RAILROAD.
Ri. iiMo.vn, Va, Oct ill, 1871.
The application for an Injunction against the Vlt*
glnia aud Tennessee Railroad catered by R.
Tyson of Baltimore. was dismissed llils morning al
the instance 01 the applicant, he withdrawing hi*
motion and uavmc costs. Ac.