fttvc
o 7 f ICiftfJ qTr f sNuT^TwE J NiTED STATES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF MEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY UEPIBI-UAN
May be Lml of the fallowing dealers:
{Jeorj*e Ellis, opposite the PoetoflEce.
A. Simm, No. 94 Exobaup? Alley.
C. C. EJey, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. G. D Holle, No. dl Eaecaange Place.
Jau.es Ennis, Pontcharirain Railroad
Depot. TLird District; also, at Depot foot
af Lafayette Street. Firet District.
J. W. L-tig. corner of Lw; and Enghien
Streets. TLird District.
Crescent City News Depot No. 258 Canal
street, comer of Howard.
AUCTION HALES THIS DAY.
BY S. M. fc B. J. MOSTGOHKT.T, at 11 o'clock,
a: Old a ction Mart. So. 87 Camp street a
genera! -a. sortment ot new cud second-hand
furniture* pianos, etc.
ST A. HUSTON, at 11 o'clock, At corner of
Gravier ud Baronne streets,, saddle and har
ness horseg and mares, mules, new ana second
hand top end open buggies and reasons.
,E7 CHARLESt FOKTIER, at 10* o'clock, at So.
115 PordoM next to corner of Camp street,
rose-word anl mahogany parlor seta, ebaude
iiers, bedstecds, arnioire, ee£tre-tables, etc.—
succession o' 1>. M. Stella.
Local Int elligence.
t FFICIAL M«-!TUAKY Report.—D r. S. C
Sudsell, Secretory of tlie Board v f Health,
reports that tbe whole mmilter of deaths in
this ;ity lor tbt week ending -Sun lay eve
ii.ng~ at six o'ckck was one hundred and
live. One died o( apoplexy, 1 «t bronchitis,
1 of' burn®, 1 of cholera, 2 of cholera in
fa tnu_i, 1 of consgstion of the briin, PI
of consurojitioii. of adult debility, 5
of infantile AaLlity, 1 ot diarrhea,
1 of dropsy. 2 were, drowned, 1 1 of dysen
tery, 1 .if diptheria 3 of congestive fever, 1
of pernicious fever,. 3 of intermittent-fever,
1 of remittent fever, I of malarial lever, 2 of
typhoid fever. 2 yellow fever, 1 of gangrene.
2 of btqronhage. heart disease, 1 of
inri animation of the bruin. 2 of inflamma
tion of tie liver, 1 infanticide, 1 of inani
tion. 3 of injuries, 1 of insanity, 2
of loek;*w, 2 of old age, 1 of
pm-umonia, 1 poisoned by laudanum. 1
pr.-mature birth, and 12 were stillborn.
Eleven weto interred ftem public institu
tions, and nineteen on certificates of
corone.rs.
Ease Baix^—T lie Lone Stars and the
<kutliems raced each other Sunday in
friendly contest-for the championship, but
as the Stars eflalged so gloriously it is
thought the Sotrt-Lcrns will cocl off a little
when heavenly todies are about. The
Stars scored twenty-nine runs, while their
opponents were counting twice »ne. Next
r unday the Stars will meet the Crescents in
the park.
The E-icelsiors and the Nations met.
wLaL was bad for the latter, as they made
only live rums to twenty-one by the higher
vets.
The Magnolias were sweeten'd by thn
stic-ky Mutuals: that is the last named
o unted twenty-six to the former's fourteen*
Tne Aloes took a little dose from the
Washingtons. Aloes, fifteen; Washingtons,
t'irtv-fire.
German School Festival —There was
a hapoy meeting on the Delachaise ground
Srjuday evening, where sensible recreation
was indulged in liy old and young, the
httle ones taking the lead, as the festival
was for their pleasure.
The school, which opened July. 1870, has
over two hundred and fifty pupils, and is
self-sustaining. The pupils are taught all
the branches of elementary instruction by
the following teachers: Messrs. Hoffmann,
i'reston. Pixberg, and the Misses Paul and
S -haefer.
The liev. L. P. Ileintz, of the First Ger
man Evangelic church, is the efficient
superintendent of the school.
Eaily in the day the children marc-lie!
out in procession, with Frank Fortune's
hand, through the district to the grounds.
They executed some fine singing, and
afterward engaged in different sports to
their hearts' content.
The pupils of the boys' gymnastic school
of the Turners, lead by their teacher, Mr.
L nverzagr, did justice to their well earned
reputation.
The Turners' Glee Club, or Gesang sec
d, Mr. Gustave Pixberg* leader, per
formed some choice songs, among which C.
Ilaeser's "Forest"' was encored by the en
thusiastic audience. D
The managers worked kke men, them
selves performing uncommon duties, there
by saving expense and preventing the pres
nee f too many captains.
Low Down.— The Mississippi river and
its many tributaries are now adopting the
narrow guage, that is, growing narrow.
Water is running from the Company canal,
several mile* above the city, into the river,
which proves that the old muddy is cer
t„.Lly more than thirteen feet bejow high
water mark of 18*12. Mr Jra Bostick, ea-
glneer at Harvey's canal, informs us that
the surface of the Mississippi is about level
with the high water in his canal. This is
at unusual state of affairs. J^iver water is
very clear at present.
Assessment. —The following is the State
assessment for the year 1871 (taxes payable
m 1*72* for tlie Second District of the city
of New Orleans:
porKT« kkpkf.skjctativf M-TK-'T.
Rf-nl ..............................#15,294.za*
Horses, mule*.etc........................
......carts, etc.... Qg)
__Vessels..
at interest...........
,1 ;:i tra«V............
of hanks, insurance
:o. silver plate, etc
'•22
♦22
m
2
FIFTH KEFKBfBNTATIVB DISTKIOT.
lies. etc.......
carts, etc.....
fi9.911.8LO
34.445
13,375
17,150
2 4. *00
at interest......................
of 1 tanks..................'-•••
'*re, silver plate, etc
f H,N
HXTH KRPUfcSkXTAtlVfc DlSlUiCf?
state............................... f€.6J
ties, cans, etc
at interest.............
i: :!i trade...............
:un\ silver plate, etc-
KB« AT' 7TLAT!oN.
i Representative District
representative District.....
tiepresentativc District
8.200
243.K5
$7,1*42,2*5
f 20,53o,90o
11.140.H7O
7.042.245
$38,720,015
lOMK'irvc Completed.— During the
of the seventh instant, several riofr
inclined men visited the grocery of
r Beckmann, corner of Rampart and
reee streets, demanding liquor, biit re
I to pay. They were ejected by Gott
Bass and Mr. Beckmann. When the
tv as closed Bass went into the street,
■es set on by several meD, who beat
and vent him terribly. He lingered until
Sunday morning, when he died. Two men.
Brady and Watncy, are under arrest, they
having been recognized as the men who
attacked Base. Coroner Jackson held an
inqaeet yesterday _
Vees- Naughty,— Patrick Zeegan, im
pulsive jmd always in a hurry, permitted
his cab horse to move across Magnolia
street bridge faster than the law allows,
which was very naughty, considering what
a tender span that bridge is, one liable to
be out of -repair on the slightest notice.
Patrick and his establishment were ar
rested.
A m£k cart, so-called, ran down Mrs.
Mincella at the .corner of Eighth and Pry
tania streets, and then left for parts un
known.
Is the tidal wave club made of a black
thorn et&eJt Mr. Smitbereen asks the
question.
Distinguished Arrival—M r. Joe Co
burn, the noted pugilist, has arrived here,
and will go into training, intending to
knock the spots off .Jem Mace on the last
day of next month for money and for
glory, after which, whether victorious or
not, he will retire from the prize r-ng.
Concert of Sacked Music.— Lovers of
this kind of harmony in New Orleans sel
dom have an opportunity to gratify their
taste in public halls, but last night there
was an extraordinary opportunity in the
Carondelet street Methodist church, on the
occasion of the best professional and ama
teur talent giving a concert for the beuelit
of the Algiers Methodist church. The au
dience was a critical and appreciative one.
many present being themselves musicians
of no mean order. Professor A. A. Wheeler
had charge of the programme, which is of
itself a guarantee. A feature of tbe festival
was the audience, on one occasion, joining
in the chorus, "All Hail the Power of Jesus j
Name." The 6inging of Misses W. and L.'
and of Mrs. Pearson, Messrs. Chase and
Wheeler, was fully appreciated.
W. II. Carter, a McDonogbviilian. enter
tertaineda decided dislike for Louisa Lay
ton, and to prove the extent of his ani
mosity let a little of her blood by cutting
her arm. a£ier which he wheeled off. per
haps seeking a lodge in some vast wilder
ness where feminine annoyances are un
known.
Game birds were quite plentiful in the
French market Sunday.
A bold burglar etole fifty dollars' worth of
tiinkete from Fritz Hoiaberger's grocery*
eorner of Domain*? «d< 1 Roc-heblave streets,
late Saturday night, and did not neglect to
freeze on to a ueat sidh of gold and silver
coin, but failed to leave his address, thus
preventing the loser from writing to him.
Bruising. —A light occurred at the corner
of Girod and Front streets, Sunday morn
ing. between two men, named Rickard
Ellwood and. Jack Allieer. when Ellwood
was so severely beaten about the head that
it was thought necessary t j send him to toe
hospital. Allieer is under arrest, charged
with assault with intent to kill.
Kc* Over bv a Street Car.— Thomas
Ryan was accidentally hurt on Sunday
by getting caugbt under one of tbe front
wheels ot a street car. near the corner of
Canal, on Carondelet street. The injury is
a painful one. He was sent to the Charity
Hospital.
ifiievcs are SO reckless that tuey w::i
invade even the scary jirccincts of an un
dertaker's shop. One of the hard-up tribe
stole a few small articles from Mr. Bothick's
place, walking off with two canes and a
magnifying glass.
Chicago Police.—A large number of the
policemen of Chicago lost their little prop
erty by tbe great tire, and consequently are
now in need of assistance. A message Las
reached tbe department here asking for
nail collections, and some money will he
contributed. Had the exact condition of
our police been known to the Chicagoans,
no such request would have been mace.
Our force is on what might be termed half
pay, and many members suffered from the
last overflow. In fact, our own men need
contributions. ___
High Handed.— Saturday night several
men entered a tobacco store, corner of Cr
sulines and Cbartres streets, and engaged
the clerk's attention, pretending to make
purchases. Some one outside suddenly
closed the doors, when the fellows inside
seized and held the young man. Edwaid
Scldeider, and robbed him of twenty-three
dollars, when they escaped.
Criminal Court. The present iury
seems to be made up of raw material, for
three men have been pointed out as crim
inals. What can be expected when mer
chants, business men and the best sort of
citizens find excuses for not serving as jury
men? Jose Cambrera was cnee convicted of
manslaughter and sentenced.
Charles Tromps and Charles Breidoff.
(ljarged by Mary Williams with having
routed her in a DlUliame street car, on the
night of the twenty-seventh of September,
who were sent before this court by Recorder
Leclere, were arraigned and pleaded not
guilty. They were returned to the Parish
Prison where they are also held on a charge
of rape, preferred beiore Recorder McAr
thur by the above complainant, in default
of §2000 bail. ___
Fires.— At a quarter to eleven o clock
Sunday night a fire was discovered in an
unoccupied two-story frame building, at th*
corner of Esplanade street and klorida
Walk, which is the property of Mr. C. H.
Slocomb. The building was wholly destroy
ed. It is thought the place was fired by an
incendiary. The amount ol insurance on
the property, if any, is not known.
At a quarter past ten o'clock Sunday
night a fire was discovered >n an unocc upied
shed, on Berlin street, between Pitt and
Prytania. Sixth District. Tbe building,
which is the property of Mr. D. A. Henry,
was slightly damaged.
Accidentally Shot Himself.— Jame*
Burrows accidentally shot himself, on Dry
ades, between Julia and St. Joseph streets.
Sunday afternoon, inflicting a slight wound
in the forehead. The wounded man was
able to walk to tbe residence corner of Feli
city and Chestnut streets after receiving
the injury.__ _
Jskeridnn in Chirnno—His Course Criti.
riseri.
JFrom the New Yorx World, October 13.]
Whenever any great physical disaster
fails upon a city, an epidemic of suspicion
seems to attack the citizens. We ail remem
ber how crazed the Parisians became dur
ing the siege upon tbe subject of spies, and
how innocent men were hanged to lamp
posts by mobs who. without any visible
reason, suddenly chose to suspect the un
happv victims of being German'emissaries.
The fact that there is a disposition in Chi
cago to attribute the spread of the fire to
incenvliariee. and that several men have al
ready been-summarily hung upon suspicion,
looks as though the excitement consequent
npon the tremendous dir,aster of Sunday,
had made-the people lose their judgment
and self-control. In such c-ircumstancec
General Sheridan, who is famous for losing
his head- whenever he is placed in the midst
of any great excitement, is evidently not
the sort of person to exercise control in Chi
cago. To hr at a distance, who do not feel
the mad physical excitement ot the disas
ter. the spectacle of Sheridan's soldiers
hanging men without trial, as though Chi
cago citizens deserve no mere consideration
then Piegan s» uaws, is not a pleasant one.
It seems nardly possible that such an un
net essary work as that of adding to the tire
could have been attempted. At all events,,
Slseridan should hold his men in cheek uu
t:l the guilt ol suspected persons shall have
been proved.
Experience is the most eloquent of'
preachers, but she never has a large congre
gation
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Grand lMvi.fen 8ns ot 'Temperance,
State ot Louisiana. Uffice of tlie Grand Scribe. Al
gers. October 16, 1ST*.—Tbe ottcerc and members
of the Grand Division are hereby notified to meet
»t ti e ball, No. 43 Elvsian F elds street, on TUES
DAY E VENING. October 17, 1BT1. at seven o'clock,
for tbe purpose of instituting Tiual Wave Divi
sion No. 11 of the order of tbe Sons of Temperance
of Louisiana. The memliers of the several subor
dinate <i visions in the State arc liaternaliy invited
to be present.
Bv older of S. M. AXGELL, G. W. P.
TKOMAf H. Jos*i. Grand Scribe. oel.T It
Notice.—The steamship Margaret, with apor
t mi of the cargo from steamship Mississippi, will
commence delivery of same on M' -NIiAT, October
I»i. 1671. at post No". 13, Kin-t District. Consignees
ate notified to sign average bond and produce
original bills of lading at our office. No goods will
la- delivered without a special order rioa. the un
dersigned.
LOW Si Ll'DWIGSEN. Agents.
No. HF' Common street.
Louisiana Levee Company.—At a meeting
of the coTupanv held tins evening, awards were
made upon bids tor tbe work on la.e following
'.evees:
Poverty Po'Lt. Cahanahess, Porcbe, Lacroix,
L-garde New River. White Caetle. Eureka, Tally
Ho Evergreen. Point Manoire, Brady's, Oaks,
Poiute Counee. Bayou Marine. Stalk's Bayou,
Brocket's Bayou. 'Yellow Baron, New Texas,
Mvrtie Grove.
.Several awards are suspended for investigation
Of the securities offered.
The c ommission of Levee Engineers are making
rap.d progress in the examination of all the ievees
needing immediate attention. They have cotu
1 efed tbe recunnoisanee f the levees below Red
river, and will proceed witbo.it any delav in tbe
examinations north of Bed river, when additional
bids lor contracts will be invited.
THOMAS i MX, Secretarv.
New Orleans. October 16 lit]. oclt It
Thera will be a Meeting at tbe Mer«
chants' Evchange, over the Louisiana National
Lank, (iuumon street, betweeu Camp and St.
Charles, on TUESDAY, the seventeenth instant, at
seven o'clock P. M.. to take under consideration tbe
building ol iron steamers and barges to run on tbe
hes-ssippi river, or any other plan by which cheap
transportation can be'olitained for New Orleans,
and *iy which her old commercial importance can
l- icatered. Matters of gieat .mportauce to all
t :a citiiens of New Orleans v. i'l be discussed, and
a.i ate requested t# attend.
WILLIAM A. BARTLETT,
retarv Mutual Steam Transi-urtatiou Companv.
o-:?2t'
Office New Orleans City Railroad Com
I |*cti:v, Ktw Or>ani, October II. TI,—At a meeting
41 TLe Board of Director* of lun company, held
this ti*y, a dividend ot four dollars i*er (share
uas Jared. payable to the stockholders
on or alter the twentr-fiftii instant, tlie United
Status tus on which will In* paid bv the companv.
WILLIAM P. SINNOTT.
1 oclJ !*»t Secretary.
Crasrent C ity BmIc. New Orleans, Sep.
tew her 27. 1871.—The Board of Director* of this
1 auk l.ancj; this day p»6i»ed a resolution tavor»cg
the adoption of the national hanking system, the
stockholders requested to call at tlie banking
1 'ii.se ot» or befoie the thirtieth day of October,
1-71. and register their votes for orasaicst ltsadojo
lion. CHARLES r Al'IilE, JR.. Cashier.
s.-r 4 Ira
Batchelor's Hair Dye*—This superb Imir
dye is the best in the world—perfectly harmless,
liable and instantaneous: n<» disappointment; no
r.dioiilous tints or d.ftagreeable od-jr. Tlie genuine
Wi'iia:u A. Batchelor's hair dye produces iinmedi
&*ely a splendid black or natural brown: leaves
the Lair clean, soft, beautiful: d»»es not con
tain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
So-d bv all druggist*. Factory. So. 16 Bond street,
New York. jy!3 ly
SUCCESSION NOTICES.
5*urce*i» inn of John O. .'let nil—No. .1:1,480.
Nucccssioti Anne MotaU—No. 34.* 7.
S ECOND DISTRICT C<>t'RT F"R THE PARISH
of (ulraus—Wliercas. Wi'.'.iam John McCall
I )S T ,.-i.-;oce.l tbe court I'., r -tiers* l administra
ou the above entitW estates. Notice is here
by fi.stru to ail whom it may ruia-erc. show cause
within ten davs why tlie'prayer of the said p-ti
t.ouer should aot 'ue grauD-d.
Bv order of the Court.
0014 18 22 M. O. TRACT, Clerk.
Msccessioa of Robert P. Itayne—No.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT K-k THE PARISH
of Orleans__Whereas. Mr*. Martha It urn e has
petitioned the court for letters of administration
ea f lie tstute of her iate huehaiui Robert P. Kaynei
Notice is hereby given to ai; whom it may concern,
to show cause within ten days, why the prayer of
the ta d pettiiocer should not be granted.
Ev 'trier of the Court.
11 lo 15 is M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Io
OECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
4? of Cleats—Whereas. Henry Wiber has peti
tioned the euurt to be apuointed curator ot the
above named absentee. Notice is l.eieby given to
all wlrnin it mav concern to show cause within ten
da* s why tLe prayer of said petit.oner should not
be granted.
Ev order of the coutt:
0-1-15 14 23 M. O. TRACY. Clerk.
Succession of William Northern No.
34,418.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Whereas, James H. Matraflex has
petitioned the court lor letters of administra
tion on the estate of tlie late William Northern,
deieased, intestate: Notice is hereby given to
alluhoiu it may concern, to show cause within
ten days, why the prayer ol the said petitioner
should not be granted.
By order of the Court.
oc',3 17 21 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Succession of Julca Courche—No, 34.910.
OECOND DISTRICT COUP.T FOR THE PARISH
Oof Orleans.—Whereas. Philip B. Fouke. public
administrator, has oetitioned tue court for letters
of administration on the estate of the late
Jules Courche, deceased, intestate. Notice is
hereby given to all whom it may concern, fo show
cause with-n ten days why the prayer of the said
pet tiocer should not be granted.
Bv order of the Court.
ool3 1H22 M, 0. TRACT. Clerk.
^succession of Philippe Korean No.
34.411.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Whereas. Jean Carreau lias
petitioned the court for letters of administra
tion on the estate of the late Philippe Dorgan,
deceased, intestate. Notice is hereby given to all
whom it may concern, to show cause within ten
day* wfiy the prayer of the said petitioner should
not be granted.
By order of the Court.
mill 15 19 M. 0. TRACY. Clerk.
Succession of John Conners—No 31.S IS.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to the credit
ors of this estate and to ail other persons herein
interested to show cause within Ten days trom the
present notification, if any they hare or can, why
the account presented l*y the ail mist vat or of this
estate, should not be homologated and approved,
and toe funds distributed in accoidance there
with.
Bv order ot the Court.
o(12 16 2" SI. o. TRACT. Clerk.
Succession of Bartholomew Collins—No.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISB
of Orleans.—Notice is hereby given to tlie cred
itors of this estate, and to all other persons
herein interested to show cause within ten
flats from th* present notification, if any they have
or can. why the amended and final account
presented by Dennis Crouan. testamentary ex
ecutor in this estate, should not be homologated
and approved, and the funds distributed in ac
cordance therewith.
Bv order of the Court.
oc!2 16 20 M. O. TRACT. Clerk.
Successioi af Bernnril Henry .Hieden—
No. 34,313.
S ECOND DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF
Orleans.—Whereas, P. B. Fouke. public ad
minis:rator, has petitioned the court lor letters
of administration on the estate of the 1st**
Bernard Henry Mieden, deceased. intestate.
Notice is hereby given to ail whom it may
concern, io show cause within ten davs, why the
praver of the said petitioner should not be granted.
Bv order of the Court.
oeI2 16 20 M O. TRACT. Clerk.
John George Unmin—No.
34,647.
Succession of
S econd district court for the parish
of Orleans.—Whereas. >U-s Elizabeth Datntti
has petitioned the court for letters of administt
turnon the estate of the iat
deceased, intestate: Not,
whom it mav concern ti
davs why the prayer of tt
no* be granted.
Ev order of Uie Court,
ot'-li'i 15 13 _
John George Dare
is hereby given to all
o-.v cause within ten
ail petitioner should
M. o. TRACT. Clerk.
itgrression ol
s*
Louise Caroline N'eyrey—
No. 34 4.
econd district court for the parish
•f Orleans.—Whereas, Eugene Nevrey has pe
titioned tie court for letters ol administration ou
the estate of the late Louise Caroline Nevrey, de
ceased. iutestate: Notice is hereby given to all
w lio-.n it may concern to show cause within ten
days w hy the prayer of the said petitioner should
not be granted.
Bv to de*- of t he court.
pis 42 16 M, 0. TRACY, Clerk.
OFFICIAL NOTICES.
"srssassirari
[No. 1139—Administration Series.]
An ordinance to amend and re-eua#t ordinance No.
691, providing lor tbe issue of bonds.
Be it ordained. That ordinance No. 691, Admln's
tration series, he, and tbe same is hereby amended
and re enacted so as to authorize the additional is
sue of bonds to the extent of three hundred tlioti
sand dollars, subject to the limits and conditions
prescribed in ordinances Nos. 473 and 631, Adminis
tration series.
Adopted by the Conned of the city of New Or
leans, October 10. L71.
Yeas: Cockrein, Shaw, Di '-assize, Remick, Lewis,
Bonzano.
BENJ. f. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. Co.xQrzsT Cukkk. Secretary. oc!7 It
GOVEUNJIENT GOIN INTER£«*T.
Us-ITKP STATls Tlt*A«rKY
New Orleans, October 14,1371. j
HE INTEREST COUPONS ON UNITED STATES
_ Bonds due November 1 will be paid on pre
sentation at this office, w ith rebate of interest to
October 24, inclusive, ami without rebate thereaf
ter. CHARLES CLINTON.
o*?1513 22 25 Assistant Treasurer.
T
PRO POSA LS.
Ofpicr CoaxissinxBit* New Okliaxs Park.)
No. 11 Carondelet street.
New Orleans, September 27, 1371. S
jC*HALED PROPOSALS, ADDRESSED TO "THE
13 President of the Board of Commissioners of the
New Orleans Park," will be received at this office
daily (Sundays excepted), from 12 M. to 2 P. M.,
unrt ii October 27, 1871, for the furnishing of ail ma
terials anil the construction of a wire railing round
the City Park grounds, in the Sixth District of the
city of New Orleans, according to the plans and
specifications to be seen at this office, at tlie times
designated. WILLIAM G. BROWN,
se27 im Assistant Secretarv.
PKOPUSALS.
DaPAKTME.VT or IMPROTRWRXTS, I
Sew Urleans. October 12. 1371.
S EALED PROPOSALS ADDRESSED TO THE UN
dersigned wiil be received at this office until
WEDNESDAY NOON, October 18, 1871. tor paving
with square block stone Canal. Julia, Delord, Ram
part au.l other streets, in accordance with speci
fications on file in the office of the City Surveyor.
The work is divided into five parts, known as
contracts Nos. 1.2, 3, 4 and 5.
Bids to be made for the whole.
The city reserves the right to reject any and
all bids
All parties making proposals for this contract are
required to deposit with the Administrator of Fi
nance, as evidence of their intention to abide bv
tbe adjuiLeatiou. the amount of twelve thousand
dollars in cash, which sla>H be forfeited to the cilv
in ease of failure to sign the contract.
Bidders to whom contracts ire not awarded shall
have their deposits returned to them on the day
adj udicatior.s are mada
No bid will be entertained unless the certificate
of the Administrator ol Finance is inclosed there
with, to the effete that the requ.red cash deposit
has been made.
Bids mnst be made as set forth in specifications,
and indorsed Proposals for Paving."
ocl3 td JOHN COCKRKM. Administrator..
BLPL.UPTIU.N OF CITY BOND?..
Dipartmrst op Public Aocot-sts, j
New Orleans. September 3", 1871. J
N OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT UNDER
ami in pursuance of the acts of the Legisla
ture of the State relative to the consolidated debt
ot the city of New Orleans, tbe commissioners of
said debt will receive projmeals until WEDNESDAY,
tlie first of November proximo, at twelve o'clock
M., lor the sale to tlie city of consolidated bonds
to tbe amount of one huLdr-d thousand dollars,
to lie redeemed from the surplus of the consoli
dated loan tax, as requited by law.
The bids will he indorsed "Pr-qiosais for sale of
consolidated bonds," and addrei-ecd to Hon. B. P
Flanders. Mayor.
The commissioners sl.ail have the light of re
jecting bids.
By order ot the Board of Commissioners of tbe
Consolidated Dent. ALFRED SHAW,
AdministnMk of Public Accounts.
ocl 12 24
P eremptory
torn
gnrds tl.
Delinq
NOTICE.
Civil Shkkipf's l*ppn k.
New Orica*?. October 13.1-71.
ORDERS FP.oM THE CITY AT
have h--,--, received a: This office as re
ieetionof citv taxes for 1869.
taxpayer
are hereby notified that
i-rir tax*-s are
>a:d at tins office by Novem
I. I shall ]»n»c
eed to seize, advertise and
ruj* riles liable
for su'd taxes.
C. vaI VINKT.
2" 24 27 31
Civil Siierifl.
CA.NCEEI-ATiON OF BONlf.
State op Lot-:«ia«ia, l
Executive Department.
New Orleans. Septemtier 19. 1871.
\TrEERSA3, APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADE
TV To me lor the cancellation of the official
bond of Horace H. Meioon as Recorder of Con
veyances in and tor the parish of Orleans, to a it:
A bond dated August 13. 1:67, in the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars signed by Horace H. Maloon as
principal and L. 31. Day and Thomas Janney as
sureties, the said bond oeiugconditioned for the
taithlui performance by tbe aaid Horace H.
Meioon of his duties as Recorder of Conveyances
aforesn-ii—
Notice is hereby given to a'l persons interested
In the sail bond to file their objections to The
cancellation thereof u. writing in the office of tbs
Secretarv of State, within ninety days after th#
last publication hereof.
Given under my band and the seal of the S*ate
this nineteenth dsyof September. A. D.. 1871. and of
the independence of the United states Tht n-fitty.
sixth.
Bv the Governor:
K. C. WARMOTK.
F. J. Herron. Secretary of State I :o ten:.
s»-21 8" r
CANCELLATION OF BOND.
STATE op LortSIAXA, 1
Executive h-psrtmenr. J
New Oileaiis. September 29, lc71.
VITHEREAS. APPLICATION HAS BEEN MADE
V V to me tor tl.e cancellation ot the official bond
of B. J. Montgomery, as Auctioneer in and forthe
parish of Orleans, to wit: A bond dated May 20.
I 63. in the sum ten thousand dollars; signed by
B. J Montgomery as principal, sad William Barnes.
D. L. Shearer and E. K. Converse as sureties: the
said bond being conditioned tor the faithful per
formance hv the said B. J. Montgomery of his
duties as Auctioneer aforesaid.
Notice is hereby given to all persons interested in
tl.e said bonds to file their objections to the cancel
lation thereof, in writing. In the office of the Secre
tary of State, within ninety days af ter the last pub
lication hereof.
Given under try hand and the sea! of the State,
this twenty-ninth day of September A. D. 1371, and of
the independence of the United States the ninety
sixth.
By the Governcr E. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. Fa in fax, Assistant Secretary of State.
ocl 3"t
PETITION.
PETITION.
Al liens. Fifth District.
September 23,1671. 5
T O TRF. HONORABLE THE MAYOR AND BOARD
of Administrators of the city of New Orleans—
Gentlemen: Tin undersigned owners of real estate
on Webster avenue, in this place, most respectfully
petition your honorable body fo cause a plank
sidewalk to be laid ou the above street, trom Eve
line street to Patterson street.
And voar ia-titea«s. a
in dutv bound
pray, e'.c.
Names.
Feet.
M. Iver...................
"1
Kate Mealev.............

Patrick Devrev..........
John Brown..............

Edward Ciiiirn...........
63
F. Whalen................
In.;
Patrick McGuire.........
31
M. Monnehbn............
1
K. Salle.................
William Tierxian.........
^4
W. Richanson............
31
Bernard Kearner........
1
Owen Glatcev...........
157
George Hein..............
Total................
ocl 4t lav.
..............]U-J
PETITION.
Nkw Orlpass. September 23,1871.
T O THE HONORABLE THE MAYOR AND
Council of the City of New Orleans— Gentle
men: The undersigned petitioners owning property
fronting on Pinup street, between Carondelet and
Liberty streets, do respectful y jietitiou your
honorable body fo cause tlie said street to be
opened between Franklin and White streets, now
obstructed by a brick wall belonging to a Jewish
burial ground, which ground s no longer used by
that congregation.
Hoping your honorable body will grant us this
our petition,
Names.
John Holtl-.ous........
S. Field................
It. TaVr..............
A. Kfill................
Agues Oher...........
Catherine House!ver.
Mrs. Brown...........
Mr. Hurt..............
Miss Mackinrith......
Mrs. John beets.......
George Schawb.......
T. U'.rick..............
H. Culiiuan—........
M. Sv.-ind..............
Mrs. B. Wintz.........
Mr. Hase..............
Mr. Frauko............
Mr. Mulvev...........
W. Rosinstrater.......
O. Stoll................
J. Bossier..............
G. Lusc...............
ocl law 8t
vill as in duty bound ever pray.
Feet.
POUND NOTICES._____
Dffakt*rnt of Pol ICS.
New Orleans. October 14. 1871. I
tTERE BROUGHT TO THE SIXTH DISTRICT
and. ou Jersey street, between Aaitucc
eais >piit, and branded "W." on the right Lip,
Which, if not claimed within five days, and the
expenses thereon paid, will be s*r.d at pum-C
auction at said pound, on WEDNESDAY". October
18. 1S71, at twelve o'clock M.
JAMES LEWIS.
No. ?4—ocl3 td Administrator.
AUqnONSALES.
By B. X: ft B. J. Montgomery.
A DESIRABLE PEW IN THE FIRST PRESBTTE
rian Church, opposite Lafayette square, at auction.
SUCCESSION OF MRS. CLARINDA G. MARTIN.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 34,527.
B V R. M. At B. J. MONTGO.UERY
R. M. Montgomery. Auctioneer—Wiil be sold
on SATURDAY', October 2*. at twelve o'clock M.,
at the St. Charles Auction Exchange, basement of
St. Charles Hotel, in pursuance and by virtue of an
order from the Hon. Louis Puvigneaud, Judge of
the Second District Court for tLe parish of Orleans,
dated September 12, 1871, No. 34,527 of the docket
of said court—
A DESIRABLE PEW in the First Presbyterian
Cl, nr cl:, opposite Lafayette square.
Terms—Cash.
oc!7 22 27 23
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. PIANOS, CARPETS
ETC.. AT AUCTION.
B V K. -If. B. J. .WONTGOYIEKY—R.
M. MONTGOMERY Auctioneer-WL'i be sold
on every SATURDAY TUESDAY, and THURSDAY,
at the Old Auction Mart, 87 Camp street, at eleven
o'clock—
A GENERAL ASSORTMENT OP NEW and SIC.
OND-HAND FURNITURE, siren as Rosewood
Mahogany and Walnut Bedsteads, Armo rs, Bu
reaus, Wash stands. Parlor Furniture. Marble Toy
Centre Tables. Carpets, French Plate rrors
Mattresses, Cooking Stoves, etc.
also.
A large invoice of Cottage Eeds, Cano Woed
Seat Chairs. Also. Upright and Senary Pianos of
Pleyel, Farre and other manufactories.
ALSO,
AN IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW FURNITURE Of
•11 description at private tale.
Terms—Cash no*
By Chari eg XL Fortier.
FURNITURE' FURNITURE!
SUCCESSION OF D. M. STELLA.
B V CHARLES E. FORTIER, AUCTION
eer—Ottk«* y„. 25 Kxeliance inac^-Tl'kS^iT,
OctoWr 1*, 1871. at half-past t*u o'clock A. >1., will
sold at public auctiou, ou tlie premioes, Wo. 116
Pasdras street, uext to the corner of Camp street—
ALL THE Kl'RJfITCBE contained in Baid prem
ise**, and belonging to said snccefsion, consisting
of Rosewood and Mahogony Parlor Sets, Chande
liers, Bedsteads. Armoirs, Centre Tables, etc.
All of said furniture will be sold without any
limit whatever.
Terras—Cash in United States treasury nstes.
treasury
By Eugene Touroe.
SALE POSITIVE.
B V EUGENE TOl'RXE. AUCTIONEER.—
Will be sold on SATURDAY, October 21. at
twelve o'clock M., at the McrchaLt*' Exchange,
Koval street—
A VALUABLE TEACT OF LAKD,
COICTAIMSU
1*7 SUPERFICIAL ACRES,
Situate and lying ir
THE SECOND DISTRICT OF THE CITY OP
NEW ORLEANS,
BKTW«:ie?i
DORGENOIS STREET AND BATCH FT JOHN,
£R!S«
PART OF A LAND CLAfftt
(Claps C. No. ol).
APPROVED AND CONFIRMED UNDER £N
ACT OF CONGRESS
Dated July 4, i 22.
The above tract of land, "having (according to
the title) eight arpents front on the Bayo i S:. John
(east bank), by twenty-two arpents in dept):,
bounded on ones'deby tbe public road then (in 1774)
leading to tbe bayo i. and o:i ti.e other side bv
other .and granted*on tlie said bayou is part of
an r.xs' KV*yki> 'and claim (C. No. 31) which the
present vendor acquired from Ferdinand D'Hebe
court. as per act parsed before Fei x <le Armas,
notary, ou th»* sevent)i day of September. leJi): the
which land he. Ferdinand D'Hrbeeourt. and hia
vendors, the widow an«l heirs of Francois I» Hebe
court. ac«iHired :u tlie names of CHALON Ac
DESRUISSEAUX. as follows, to wit:
The ONE PART, or LAND DE>CRIBFI* in their
acts, tl.ev acquired by an act before J. 1). da Garic,
notary, done and passed by Fran.*o:se Elizabeth
Girariley. w idow of Joseph Desruiaseus. the pre
ceding owner.
And theOTHMt PART.or LAND NOT DESCRIBED
in their .acts, they acquired by u:i act before the
same notary, done and passed on tht- fifteenth day
of Octol*er. 1774. by Madeline Brazi.lier, the fpie
ceding owner and the vendor of tl.e above tract of
land, which she inherited from Louis Braz;Il:er,
alias Tourangeau.
The said tract of land will Ik* sold entire, and will
Ik* delivered up. as it was to th*- present ow ner m
tbe iiaiu*'6 of Ciiaion Jc Desruisseaux. with the title
and authority of Mao* line Braziilier, subject to a
survey by the United States Surveyor General,
in whose hands the t.Ues to tlie afore raid land
claim are deposited, at his ow*i request, for the
purpose of adjusting the boundaries.
An ancient p an of the grants from whence the
tit.e to the said tract of land is deriv» d maybe seen
at the office of the auctioneer, and wi:l be exhibited
a few days pr.or to the sale.
Tem:9 of sab*— r >:ie fourth cash, and the balance
at one. two and three years, ra notes to order, se
cured by mortgage, and bearing interest nt the
rate of eight per cent ,*t r annum from the day of
sale until paid.
Act of sale before Amedee Ducatel. at the ex
pense of the purchaser; revenue stamps and other
conditions as usual. oell td
By Hash ft Ecdgeon.
FUR .YCCOUNT OF A FORMER ITRCHASEB.
ELEGANT FAMILY RESIDENCE ON THE CORNER
or Third aud Can.;* stroots, with EIGHT LARGE
CHOICE LOTS OF GR<UND, opposite tlie ele
gant residences of Messrs. A. Montgomery. W.
H. Hogan. Mason Pilcher. Esq., and others.
A CHARMING HOMESTEAD, WITH BEAUTIFUL
GROUNDS, o?i from two to seven years credit,
with only six f*r cent interest.
.SUCCESSION OF DUNCAN N. KKNNEN.
Second District Court for the par eh ol C: leant—
No. 29,3if7.
B Y NASH dr HODGNON, W. HfUGNON,
Auctioneer—(office No. 170 Gravier street—On
SATURDAY, October 28, 1871, at twelve o'clock, M. t
at the St. Charles Auction Exchange, in the base
ment rotunda of the St. diaries Hotel, tor
account and at the risk a» d ex;**nse of C. B.
Broad well, for his wife. Mrs. fc. P. broad well, who
failed to comply with the terras of the adjud cation
made to them on tlie first day of July. 1871. and by
virtue and in pursuance of an order of the Hoii.
Louis Duvigueaud, Judge of the Ne jOLd District
Court for the parish of Orleans, dated May 2*3.
1871. docket No. 2P»,397, for account of the succes
sion of Duncan N. Hennen. dtceueed, a* public
auction, wiil be sold—
EIGHT LARGE AND CHOICE LOTS OF GROUND,
together with the buildings and improvements
thereon, situated in the Fourth District of this city,
in the square bounded by Camp. Third. Fourth and
Chestnut streets, designated as Nob. i to 8, inclu
sive. and measure as follows, to w it: Lots Nos. 1 to
4 adjoin each other, and measure each 31 feet front
ou Third street, by a depth ot 127 feet, lot No. 1
forming the corner of Camp and Third streets.
Lots Nos. S to 8 adjoin each other and the above
described lots in their rear, and measure each 31
feet front on Fourth etieet, by a depth of 127 feet,
lot No. 5 forming the eorner of Fourth and Camp
streets, all lietween parallel lines. American meas
ure, according to a plan made by Louis H. Piiie,
surveyor, dated June 1371.
Tlie improvements on lots Nos. 1 to 4 consist of a
we'i built, commodious and stylisn one and a half
story elevated brick slate roof cottage residence,
retired from the street, with wiue Ir ant. ba- cony,
side and rear galleries, with w ide hall in tlie centre;
large and elegant drawing and bedrooms; dining
room, cabinets, closets, bathroom and ao fun..'.y
conveniences for a large family, with gas through
out. There is a two-story brick slate roof rear
building, with kitchen, ironing room, servants*
rooms; also a two-story brick slate roof carriage
house, with all necessary dependencies, wash
house, chicken Louses, three large cisterns, etc.
The grounds are bandsomelv laid and flagged, and
embellished with choice shrubberv, fruit and t-hude
trees; the whole in good order and repair.
Lots Nos. 5 to 8 are vacant, except Used as a nur
sery. arid will form together one ol the choicest
building sites in the city.
This charming and valuable property w:.. bo
sold in block on the following desirable
Terms and conditions—The purchaser wiil as
sume the sum of 37. due i n the twentieth
day of September. 1873: tbe sum of $«G58 37. due
on the sixteenth day of Nepteiulier, 1874, and the
sum of £6653 37. due on tin nineteenth day of
March, 1878. with interest at the rate of six pet
cent per annum from June 1, 1871: the interest to
be paid annnally on the first of June in each year
until the Principals become due. and for he bal
ance. cash on t)ie spot in United States treasury
notes. Tlie purchaser will be required to keep the
premises insured for a sum not less than $12,<#>(»,
and to transfer the policy to tlie vendor.
Act of sale before George W. Christy, notary, at
the expense of tbe Purchaser, including tbe stamps
and the taxes for tue current year 1871.
ocl*21 25 28
__ AUCTION SALE S.
By Hutton.
HORSES AND MULES.
Tri-weekly sales of fine saildle and harness horses
work mules, top an J open buggies, harness
etc., at auction.
B V A. HUSTONI, AUCTIONEER IFF1C1
No. 199 Gtavier stieet—''T;U tie sold on
TUESDAY. THCBSDAT anil SATUKLuY of every
week, at eleven o'clock A. YL. at siah.es corner of
Gravier aud Baronne streets—
Fine saddle and harness HORSES and MARES,
good work MULES, new and second hand top and
open hngir.es. wagons, etc. Out door sales at
tended to.
Terms—Cash in United States treasury notea
*r>4 Im
SHERIFFS SALES.
EngeoeTourDe, (baric* ho mo nr, Subro*
gateil, vb. J. A. Matbicu.
S IXTH DISTRICT CJURT FOR THE PARISH OF
Orleans. No. J7 641.—By virtue of a writ of fieri
facias to me directed bv tire honorable tbe
Sixth District Court for ti.e parish of Orleans,
in the al#ove entitled cause. I will proceed to
«*11 at public auction, on tl.e prem-nes corner
of Bourbon and St. Louis streets in the Second
District of this tirv. on SATURDAY, October 28.
U"l, at five o'clock. P. SJ., ;Le following described
property, to it—
ONE DOCTOR'S CARRIAGE.
Seized in the above suit.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
C. S. SAUVINRT,
(*•17 21 28 Sheriff of tie Parish of Or eaca
Edward Burke v«. Edward Web*ter.
F WFTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH
of New Orleans. No. 2:17.—By virtue of a writ
of seizure and sale to ine directed by the hor.ora*
b.e the Filth District Court for the parish of
Orleans, in the above entitled cause, I wi.J proceed
to sell at public auction, at the Merchants aud
Auctioneer' Exchange, tn Royai stieet between
Canal and Customhouse streets, in the Second
District of this city, on FRIDAY, November 3,
1871, at twelve o'clock M., the fVUowmg described
piopertv. Ut wit—
TWO CERTAIN LOTS F GROUND, situated,
lying and being in tlie First District o 1 this citv, in
tbe square bounded l»y Lafayette Mate Hevia).
llowaiu (late Girod). Liberty (iate St. Paul), and
Perrii:iat streets, designated bv ti e nuu bers one
and two on a sketch annexed to an act passed in
the office of Wiibam S3.a* non. notarv public in
this city, on tl.e tenth of July, 1866; su'd iota meas
u;e as follows:
Lot nnnibe.- one treasures twenty-six feet five
iuclies front on Lavfayette street by kcv* x ty-«»ne
feet five inches and five lines in depxli on the line
nearest to Liberty street d seventy-one fee f and
ore inch on the dividing line of lot number two.
Lot number two measures twenty-six feet five
incites front on Lafayette street by seventy-one
feet and one inch on the iine of lot number one,
aud seventy fee: six inches and five lines on the
ime ot lot number three.
Together with all the rights, ways and advan
tage* thereunto belonging or in aiiy wise apj*er
tftiiiing, be in g tire same property which said Ed
ward Webster, de fendant herein, acqu.red by
ebaae f'tmi tlie plaintiff herein, as per act passed
befoje W. J. Caste]], a notary public in tlus city, ou
t*e fifth day of Sept ember, 1870.
Seized in the above su.t.
Tenns—1. Cash for a sufficient amount to pay
plaintiff's claim, say t: e sum of three bundled
and fifty dollars, with interest thereon ax the rate
of eight per cent j*er annum from the first day of
August. 1870. unui the day of sa>; four dollars
costs of copy of i. o* anal act, and five per cent at
torneys' fees on the whole amount recovered, aud
costs of suit. 2. Tlie purchaser to assume i to the
extent of the amount of bis lid) tlie payment of
three promissory notes, bear ::g concurrent mort
gage on said property, drawn by defendant to his
own order, am indorsed by himself, dated August
1, 1870. each lor the sum of three hundred and tit*
dollars payable, resis tively. at two, three and
four years after date, bearing inter**t at the rate
of eight per cent per annum from date until ma
turity. and their utter if i.».t then paid, eventual
interest at the rate of eight per cent per annum
from maturity until paid. X And the haktuce of
the price of adjudication, if sin y. cash on Tl e spot.
S. SADVINET,
oc3 18 no3 Sheriff of the Finish of Oilcans.
CONSTABLES* SALES. _
P. Dwyer vs, 51* Monncchnn Second
Justice Court fertile par.sk of Ox leans, No. 4SX
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OP FIERI FA
cias to me directed by the Eon. W. L.
Evans. Second Justice of ti.e Peace *n and for
the parish of Orleans, I will proceed To sell at
public auction, on MONDAY. October 23, 1871, at
the comer of Camp and Erato streets—
ONE LOT OF GROCERIES, etc.
Seized in the above cause, as pel inventoxy or* tile
in my office.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
c 13 17 23 A. J. TAVERN. Constable#
Mrs. >larv Glenn v*. Victor t>r!npon
Second Justice touxt for the jax sii of Or
leans. No. f 17.
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS TO
me directed by Tl.e Hon. W. L. Evans. Second
Justice ot the Peace, in ai d for the parish ot Or
leans. I will proceed *o sei' at public auction, <*n
MONDAY, October 23, 1371, at twelve o'clock M.,
at No. 24 Gir<*d ttreet—
One iot of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE AND EF
FECTS.
Seized in the above cause, as per inventory on
tile in my office.
Terms—Cask on Tlie spot.
A. J. TAVERN.
oe!2 17 23 Constable Seeord Justice fo^rt
II. Iltirwarc! v*. Thorns- Poffey— F!r*t
Justice Court for the ]»ur rh of Orleans, No.
2148.
B y virtue of a writ of f»eki facias
to me dire "ted ry tl.e Hon. H. M. Dibble,
First Justice ot ti:*- Peace in ai d fi r the parish
of Orleans. I will proceed To^ell at pubUc auction,
at No. 13V Jiuia street, on WEDNESDAY, October
2U. 1871. at twelve o'clock M.—
ONE BAY MARK MULE.
Seized in the above entitled and l umbered suit.
Terra*—<'ash on the spot.
ocir. 19 25 DANIEL CROWLEY, Constable.
J. O'Hara v*. YVilliam Brndlorcl-Fir*t
J'-.stice Court tor the parish of Orleans, So.
1269.
B y virtue of a writ of fieri facias to
me directed by the Hon. H. M. D.bble, First
Justice of the Peace in and for the parish of Or
leans, I will proceed to sell at public auction, at
niv warehouse. No. 139 Jul a street, on WEDNES
DAY. October 25. lr'7h at twelve o'clock M.—
A iot of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.
Siezed in the above entitled and numbeied suit,
as per inventory on tile in my office.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
i»c 15 19 24 DANIEL CROWLEY. Cor.Ktahle.
A. Kochereau o.. Agents v*. Olia
Dixon—Third Justice Court fur the parish of
Orleans. No. €644.
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS
to me directed by the Hon. John 1 Moutamat,
Third Justice oftlie Peace in and for the parish of
Orleans. I wiT proceed to sell at public auction,
on MONDAY, October 23. 1871. at 12 M., at my ware
house. No. 85 Bienville fctxeet, the fohowing de
scribed property, to wit—
ONE LOT OF FURNITURE.
Seized in tbe above entitled au<l numbered suit,
per inventory deposited at my office.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
ocl4 1922 WILLIAM WEEKS, Constable.
Janie* E* Quinn v*. Mr. nnd >Ir*, Fo**eU—
First Justice Court lbr the parish of Orleans,
No. 1666.
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS TO
me dixectec by the Hon. 11. M. Dibble. First
Justice of the Peace in and for the parish of Or
leans. I w 11 proceed to sell at public auction,
a* inv warehouse. N<>. 139Ju!ia street, ou TUESDAY,
October 24. 1871, at 12 M.—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.
S ized in tbe above entitled and Lumbered su.t,
as ik -1 inventory on file in my offica.
Terms—Cash bn the spot.
oci419 24 i aniel crowley. constable.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS
piHKMX OYSTER SALOOS
z.vp
CHOP HOUSE.
MEW YORK ?U>.
Next Door to tht* Arnilt-*n> of Alusir.
N .NOW OPI..V
Tl.e first leal (.1 GRAND Is'LE PLANTS, con
tracted exclusively for this house, lias arrived.
Tliev are FAT at-.d SALT. oel5 4t
piilL. HOFFMAN,
(Sr.c'-eseor to I>. Paroai.)
OYSTLR SALOON AND LAP.ROT.M,
No. HAS I'oyrtras Street,
Between t'anp and St. t'liarles streets.
New Orleans
Oysters always fresh and in every style,
el.oioe assortment of Wiues, Liqui rs ete. h*- 36 In
^lAUONDEEET HOlriE.
Tbe proprietor would respeotfiillv Inform h:s
friends and the public that lie .s now prepared to
accominodate permanent, transient and na.v
hoarders with nicely furnished front rooms, with
Wiard. The table will always lie supplied with
the best the market affords. Theuiouse is centra.,v
located, No. t>3 Carondelet, corner of Povdiaa
street—being among the business houses ot tlie
cit v; albo the t heat ice aud a^l p!»««g
rnents. I»* AiNfiLiii.
»t*7 1 m cod
Proprietor
AZAKAG KEbTAl'RANT,
...Royal Street...............10
Bl bpawcio.
The best of everythtn* in the market, aad pur*
IT nes and Liquors, at down tarn prices. Tabid
servoe elegant. Walters pohte and attsffitiva.
_________ RAILROADS^
JlJEW ORLEANS, MOB1EE AND
TEXAS RAILROAD.
Special Freight Notice.
Commencing October 19. 1371. rates between New
Orleans and all way stations ou Mobile division,
and between Mobile and all way stations, will be
local tariff rates.
For freight and rales for Donald son ville, and way
stations on tY, stern Division, inquire at freight
office, foot of G:rod street.
WILLIAM J. PIIKLP3.
Pfiq 6t General Freight Agent.
ORLEANS, .MOifU.K
Ajrp
TEXAS RAILROAD.
hnnge of Ctchedole.
On and after TCESDAT, o c *ober 10, 1971, Passen
ger Trains will run as follows:
11A.M. Day Express, arriving at Mobile at 5 P.
M.. connecting with Through Trains on Mobile
and Montgomery and Mobile and Ohio Rad
roads. for all Northern and Eastern cities.
Puiiman Palace Sleeping Cars are rue through
ou this train from New Orleans to Louisville,
via Humboldt, without change: also from Ten
sas (near Motile) to Lynchburg, via Blue Moun
tain route.
3 P. M. Mobile Evening Express, arriving at Mo
bile at 9:lio p. 31. This train and the 11 A. M.
Day Express will stop at all tie- watering places
to receive and discharge passengers.
Passengers for Pouaidsorivllie will take the cars
at the Canal Street passenger depot at 7:30 A. M.. or
the steam ferry, foot of St. Joseph street, at 7:45
A. M., connecting with Passenger Train leaving the
other side of the river, arriving at Donaldson ville
at 12 M. Returning, leave Donaldson ville at 1 P.
Si., arriving at New Orleafis at about 5 P. M.
Through Freight Trains daily betweeu »w Or
leans and Slolele. Freight received at toot ot
Girod street before 6 P. M. delivered at Mobile early
next day. Through bids of lading signed for all
points North. East and West, at Freight Office foot
Of Girod street.
Ticket Office corner Camp nnd Common streets.
WILLIAM 1)K DELL,
Agent.
G. W. R. BATLEY.
General Superintendent.
G. G. SANBORN,
General Ticket Agent.
W. J. PHELPS
ocl i ly General Freight Agent.
7:45 A. 4L
4:00 P. M,
5r:iO P. M.
rjTO THE THAVEU.Mi PIBEIC.
SEW ORLEANS, JACKSON AND GREAT NORTH
ERN RAILROAD.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Until fnrther rctice. passengers to all points
North, East und '.Yes: will leave New Orleans trom
tlie depot. Calliope street.
Way, Mail and Passenger, leave Daily
(Sundays excepted), at............
Magnolia Accommodation, Daily (Sun
days excepted at..................
Night Bxptees. leave Daily, at........
Night Express, arrive Daily, at........10:43 A- M
Magnolia Accommodation.'arrive Daily
fScndaye excepted), at............11:40 A. V.
Mali and Passenger, arrive Daily (Sun
days excepted .at..................10:00 P. M.
Night Express will stop only at Hammond and
Amite, south of Mamolia.
Five Hours and a Halt Quicker than
any Other Liae.
Baggage checked from residence to destination,
and nertiis seemed .n Pci.man Palace Cars aa
usual.
Tickets for sale at No. 21 Camp street, corner o*
Common street, and at depot foot ot Laffiyette
street, on the Ivv.e.
S. h. CAREY, Genera! Ticket Agent,
New Orltans. Jackson and Great Northern Railroad.
D. B. MOREY. General Ticker Agent,
M ssisaippi Ceutal Railroad.
S. W. SCOTT, General Passenger Agent.
apH
gPECIALNOTICE.
tit. Fouls. Iron Ylounutlsi nn» Mouther*
Railroad.
THE ONLY ALL~EArL ROUTS
To St. Len-.s. Chicago. Omaha, San Frauc'sco 81
Paul. Kansas City, Leavenworth, St. Joseph,
Aad ail Points North, Kant aad Wes:,
TWO EXPRESS TRAINS leave the N.»w Orleans,
Jackson and Great Northern Ra.iroad Dtnoi
daily, at 7 a. M. and 5 P. M.
AN EXPRESS TRAIN leaves the foot of Coca! Croat
daily at 11 A. M.. via the Nc w Or.c vue Mobile nnd
Chattanooga Ra.lroad, making eloee connec
tions at Mobi'e with the Mobile and Ohio Rail
road to a.1 points North, East and W est.
For tickets apply to
A. D. SHELDON,
Ticket Agent New -'trieans. Jackson itii Gross
Northern Ra-lroad. corner Camp and Common
street*, under City Hotel; or to
W. UEPKLL,
Ticket Agent New Orleans. Mobile ami Ccltanooga
Railroad, corner Cairp and Gommou streets,
Story Building, opposite Citv Hot*-!.
J. H. WfNGPIE'LD,
General Sc j-e-nn tending Agent St. Louis. Iron Moca
tain and Southern Railroad. nc34
BUSINESS CARDS.
ORLEANS
HOMEOPATHIC PHARMACY,
'J03 Camp atrret, above Julia.
BOOKS, MEDICINES, and all other articles used
in the HOMEOPATHIC PRACTICE.
Tooth Brushes, Deutifricea, aud other Toilet
Articles. oc!4 lv
JJeWINT At .HALKFF,
(F. DeWINT, O. A MAUREL.)
Denlcrs in Plllshurg, Anthracite and
NEL COAL AND WOOD.
Steamers and families supplied promptly.
Office No. 1 .TO Ml, l.ouis street, near
iiurcundy,
anJ5 3m NEW ORLEANS, LA.
^JHKAP (JAs fLYTl'KRS ANO
PLUMBERS' MATERIALS.
SULLIVAN A: BULGER,
PLUMBERS AND GAS FITTERS,
11-5 l'oydrna, next door to damp street.
Dealers in PI .mi. ng and Gas Fitting Materials.
House, ship aud steamboat work promptly at
tended to. box No. Z36 Mechanics aud Dealers'
Exchange. auJZ ly
JJA.MLL CL.»L>UNU!» Ac tlO.,
EsTABl!SBSn is 183th)
WHOLESALE DEALERS
WOODEN WAKE.
Boston.Massnehnsett a.
JgtONO.UV THE ROAD TO WEALTH.
EAFg TOUR OLD CLOTHES CLEANED AND THIT
will last another season.
BT
J. JOLY,
TAILOR AND SCOURER,
314..............damp fetreet..............314
■Near the Magazine Market.)
Suits of cv e ry description made to ordei.
au26 lv
.HEUI.fc At CO.,
CHEIS. MEHI.E. B. C. STEINBACK, J. DONALDSON.
CO.n>U»SION AIERdUANTN
roR THR
SALE OF LIVE STOCK.
Stock Landina, New Orlcr-n*.
lal ly
JgUWAlCD OUOIKKE,
Steam Boiler Manufacturer and Blacksmith,
Nos. 133 and 135 Fulton and 213 New Levee streets,
between St. Joseph and Julia streets. Residence
So. 380 Clio street. Low Pressure, Locomotive,
Flue and Cylinder Boilers: Clarifiers. Filters and
Ju.ce Boxes made at shortest notice: and all work
done at this establishment will let guaranteed
equal in point of workmanship and materia! to any
in tlie city or elsewhere. jeI' l y
JOHN t.KAYfclt,
Proprietor of Pho-tilx Stables and Undertaker. Nos.
35 and 37 Elvsian Fields street, opposite Pontchar
train railroad. Third District, Neiftrirte.ms. har
riages. Barouches. Buggies aud Saddle Horses to
hire. Hors-s lought, sold aud kept on livery
Pav-nt Metalli-: Bur hi Cases. Mahogany, Boi'-k
Walnut and plain Coffins always on l and. Funer
als attended to by the Proprietor, who hones, bv
str.ct attention to bus.ness, to out an a share or
public patronage. J.v*» I.V
E
fftenreri aucl Pdsilers In
W. w.
ASTU.OI Jr MORRIS
if ft U H K K*
5 a. 15 TXI05 STRRBT, BOSTOF.
viriLLIAM IMIIltMPS UNION »TA.
f bi<*9. 5o. iso Uat.iope, near St. Charlesatrc*»:,
baa every ace ora in elation 111 the line of Pleasure
and Fam ly carr.a^**9 auchaahacka.brettes.pbae
tonfl, buggies, ete., for the u.se of tlie public, and
at r»te3 t*» »?orre?pond with tlie etrinarency of the
times. A'A hacking done below tariff rates. Or
ders ior weddings, bails, picnics, rases, etc., will
be attended to so as t*j guarantee satisfaction. I
am also pre pared to hire vebic.ec (alone) to nar
ties having thete own horses. ie!6 lv
N
OTICE............ ............NOTH 1
DR. O. ANFOUX
Hu* removed his office and residence to
No. iilT Canal street.
Near Rampart atreet.
ffice hour*: 12 to 2 and 8 P. M. jyl U»o
JOHN KHKINTHAL,,
CmiiOK M A KIR.
170 ..............Girod Street.............. 170
!N«or St. Charles Street,)
NEW ORLEANS. apBl;