iiaily press.
PORTLAN I>.

MONDAY, OCTOBER-,!, 1371._
Must we Par hcC on federate Bond.?
Gen. Buller thinks that the British govern
ment will present among the claims laid be
fore the Washington Commission a demand
for the payment of the Confederate Cotton
Loan to English holders. He thinks that the
terms of the treaty are broad enough to in
clude even that preposterous claim which no
American ever entertained for a moment
■without mingled derision and indignation.
The origin of the loan is well remembered.—
Certain members of the English aristocracy,
desiring to secure the overthrow of this Re
public, were willing even to invest their mon
ey in the enterprise. So they made a loan
to the Confederacy, lakiug therefor the bonds
in question which were secured by a pledge
ofcotton. The collapse of the rebellion of
course transferred to the United States the
security for their loan, and their bonds be
«ame waste paper.
Gen. Butler,it we understand him, by no
means argues that the preposterous claim
must, according to the principles of interna
tional law, be allowed. He merely says that
the language of the treaty permits its con
sideration, and that we hive bound ourseives
to submit if the Commissioners decide against
us. But there are those even among Ameri
cans who hold that the Commissioners must
decide in favor of the bond-holders. Yery
concisely staled their argument is this: “It is
a principle of iuternalioual law which is per
fectly well-established that the obligations of
every kind incurred by a de facto govern
ment must be assumed by the government
“*V“ •■■VQ.V.—VV/
the authority of the first may have been.—
The successive governments of France have
never failed to charge themselves with the
liabilities of the governments that have pre
ceded them. The case is not at all
by the fact that the debt may be incurred by
the leaders of a rebellion, or by a usurper.
In any event it must be paid, if tbe rebellious
or usurping power passed beyond the stage
of mere military occupation,and ruled through
tbe agency ot the civil magistrate. The Con
federacy was a lie facto government. We
declared, it is true, on all occasions that it
was a mere revolt with no shadow of legiti
macy about it. But we acted as if it were an
independent nation, andclaiined all the rights
of actual war. To say nothing of tbe block
ade, we exchanged prisoners, confiscated prop
erty and enforced tire obligations of neutral
ity on other nations. We claimed to succeed
to the ownership of the abandoned property
of the Confederacy and had our claim allow
ed. Foreign nations, too, conceded belliger
ent rights to the Confederacy. Therefore,
there is a per/ect casa for the bondholders, if
the English government chooses to urge it.”
But there are two circumstances, which, in
our opinion, outweigh all that can be said on
the bondholders’ side. The English govern
ment is not obliged to present the claim, and
will probably hesitate long before voluntarily
bringing forwaid so iniquitous a charge. The
terms of the treaty make it impossible for tbe
bondholders themselves to prosecute lhe:r
claim. Moreover, if the matter should over
come before tbe Commissioners, tbe terms in
which the contract is couched will prove a bar
toils enforcement. The whole thing was a
specula'.iou on the part of these British Rebel
symyatiiizers, and their bonds were made
payable on the happening of a future con
tingency—“the recognition of the independ
ence of tbe Southern Confederacy! It would
be a strange Commission that would declare
the bonds payable before they mature!
It really seems as if tbe impudent question
of Mayor Hall of New York, “Wliat are you
gorng to do about it?” is on the point of be
ing answered. Tbe ir.eo npetent State’s At
torney of New York has associated with him
for the prosecution of the frauds Charles
O’Conner, whose ability is only comparable
with his honesty, aud whose reputation in.
both respects is excelled by that of no other
lawyer in the United States. Aud to make
assurance doubly sure, Wm. M. Evarts, Judge
Emott and othereminonl counsel are to be as
sociated with him. Honest men may perhaps
dance at Tweed’s funeral vet.
If the Germans liave rediscovered (he open
polar sea, (for Dr. Kane discovered it first) as
they claim, they will be entitled to the credit
of effecting in a siugle year tbe greatest mili
tary success and the most important addition
to the stock of human knowledge that have
been made in the last decade. The “stupid
Dutchman” is a creature of the past.
A Newspaper Idyl.
COUNTRY LIFE IN CUMBERLAND COUNTY.
A village paper, printed in Cumberland
County, reported in its last week’s number a
Farmers’Meeting, a “Hunting Match” and a
“Husking”, besides giving ordinary attention
to singing schools, lectures, base ball aud oth
er matters of local importance. To our mind
the effect is like that of “Georgies” and ‘‘Bu
colics” rolled into one. This faithful aud mi
nute picture of country life appeals to the im
agination a good deal mote powerfully than
the formal aud affected pastorals ot most poets
—of Theocritus himselt, we ar^ tempted to
say. Dull indeed must be his sensibilities who
is not moved by tbe following artless recital of
the deeds ot the participants iu a country
“Hunting Match,” to picture to himself the
stout yoemen “thriddiog tbo boskage” amid
the unutterable glories of the fall landscape
the hilarity attending tue counting, and es
pecially the production of proof that a polecat
is among the slain—the .fierce jealousies and
rivalries among the Bridgton Nimrods, as real
and as important to the poisons concerned as
the quarrels of Fenton and Conlcling or Butler
and the rest of mankind are to them, rivalries
that appear clear enough iu the secession of
three comrads from oue of the couteetiog par
ties. And then the supper, ‘‘tho time honor
ed violin” and the dance! Alas, how poetry
and art in these times go pottering about, al1
over the world, in search of tho picturesque,
aud come to us in triumph with a bit of trash
about “Peasant Life iu France” or “The Arab
and his steed,” wbeu far better material is
ready to their hand in tbe homely labors aud
pastimes of the sovereign kings, queens and
princes of our Down East commonweilth!
But we can deprive our readers no longer of
the report, only slightly abridged, of the “Pin
hood Hunting Match:
The Hunting Match at Pinhook took place
last Saturday, according to the original pro
gramme. Those who proposed taking part in
the match met Friday evening at tbe above
named village and “ohose-sides.” Orlando V.
Plaisted was elected to be one.of the “Captains
of the Hunt;” and Lyrnau Bradstrcet the oth
er. Each captain then proceeded alternately
to choose his men, after which a written agree
ment was submitted aud adopted. By the
terms of this agreement the game shot by the
members should count as follows-—«tripel
squirrel aud wood-p-ckcr each count 5- red
and flying squirrel each 10; gray squirrel and
partridge each 25; wood-cock, pigeon, night
hawk, cuckoo, yellow hammer, blue jay. niov
er, blackb rd and king-fisher each 20; rabbit
raccoon, skunk, weasel, woodebueb, muskrat,’ i
sable, wolf, mink, porcupine and owl each 40-
fox, loon, and loupcervier each 100; hawks, a l j
kinds. 20: duck, fp.il. P.rnwr and lnniiaml
BO; wild goose aud otter each 75; deer, bear,
moose and catamount each 1000. And it was
agreed, furthermore, that a good substantial
supper should be furnished the whole com
pany at the clo-^e of the day’s sport, to be paid j
for by the least successful party. So tar so 1
good. At an early hour Saturday morning the
the rally point, and then
8ed t0 tlle woods. All day Ion"
the crack of guns was heard in every direction
by tho quiet dwellers in that j
which to tho uninform d was dmJrn?’ I
thrilling import. At. 9 o’clock P 6v3 0 I
ers again rallied at Pinbook, ami U,'e trophieV
of the hunt displayed aud counted nr. ,V e? I
showed the following result: up’ wUlcb
Cipt. O. V. PJaisted and
Lewia March..
David P. Chaplin.[[ d m
Thatcher P. Merrill..
SethE. Berry.120
Geo. Milltken, and
Darling Long.90
Theodore L. Froer. 50
Nathan W. Kendall.80
Kobert P. Kendal!. .0
Total, n..
Capt. Lymnn Bradstreet..., 110
MinotT. Lord.....
Henry D. Corson.
S. Shacklev...
Mandervhlc Corson.
Total.*
ofe2TnUSAfbatrC? iD ,,aT?r of P'aisted’s n~y
of 410. Of the four last members of Brad
whlfi thcantl' M,ri' Lm! was n^cossarilv absent,
TeaLon fadoI6/ tht,ee’ ,ro,Vome unexplained
“”;„n tofk2 P? ei,ther the hunt or
partook nfTL At,7 0 c,ock the united bands
R.,hi,inV !.w., o’> t,a 8u»Per ai the house of Dr.
“on of u,lder the skillful supervis
?obhins, Who is known as a fa
mous cook, after which Mr. Theodore L Frost
produced .his time-honored violin, to whose
livels strains ye gallant hunters aud their lady
friends daaced so merrily O till 2 o’clock the
ipxt rnornino-. The whole affair was so pleas
!ot that it is decided to have anotner built, of
he same bind, the date ol which wPI be duly
liven.
How Achilles evinced his wrath, and brought
vees on the Bridgton Greeks, ia hinted at in 1
mother paragraph in the same paper, which I
lolls of a mysterious hunter met in the woods
who carried all day long his gun but no ammu
nition, being determined to hunt, it at all, j
without the aid ot “villainous saltpetre.”
Still more suggestive, but much briefer, are
the masterly touches by which that greatest of
tlia rites of the New Eug’und harvest, the
“Husking,” is described:
Now is the time for huskiDgs. There was
one at Mr. Wyman Long’s in South Bridgton,
one night last week, which was a hir affair ot
its kind. There were same sixty persons pres
ent, including our Selectmen Cbadbourue and
Chapl'm, and' a good proportion of ladies. At
10 o’clock the corn was all husked, and the
company adjourned to the supper table, where
a most generous “old fashioned husking sup
per awaited them; and after that was at last
disposed ol a plea-ant sea on wa3 speut in
games aud dancing, until the midnight hour.
Last Monday night Mr. Thomas Smith ot be
same village, also had a busking; whiclnended
in a very enjoyable party, with a good supper
sandwiched botween-which, by the way, is an
indispensable feature of this phase of New
England farmer life.
This would have all been spoiled it the re
porter had “written up" the Husking, instead
of leaving to the ph ased fancy of the reader
to picture for himself the hilarious scene in
the roomy, crowded barns, with Ihe oxen open
ing their large, mild eyes wider than ever at
such “carryings-on,” the blushes of ihe pretty
girls at finding a red ear, the oscillatory pen.
ance coyly paid, and later, the joyous uproar
at llie table bountifully spread.
The “Farmers’ Meeting” is less picturesque,
perhaps, hut not less stimulative of thought
that seuds the mind lovingly country ward*
Harrison is the town that has the praiseworthy
public spirit to support tins club. At the
meeting reported the Rev. L. R. Green spoke
learnedly of the insects that prey on the far
mnr’s rrrtrtq nml Hisrltirpil that i\i oil ilmcn lm.-ra
the humbug hal wrought the agriculturist
most harm. Then Mr. A. P. Whitney be
sought his bearers “to spare tbe birds, tlie lit
tle birds,” so earnestly that we are certain his
remarks would causo the imlpfiniin
meut ot that promised hunting match if the
young braves ol Piubook had heard them.
Mr. Whitney spoke of the scarcity of robins,
swallows and several species of fly-catchers
and worm-eaters this year—a very solemn fact
which all observing persons will have noticed,
aod which ought to eau3e Longfellow’s “Birds
at Kellingworth” to lie read from the pulpit in
every conutry village in Maine. Next a de
spoudent neighbor remarked that farmiog
“didn’t pay;” to Whom Mr. E. K. Whitney
responded thus:
He agreed that lanniug was not a paying
business compared with many ether kinds of
employment, but so far as himself was con
cerned, be loved it because it brought him into
diveet couimuuiou with Nature, and he belie v
ed the influence of farm-life, and the knowl
edge one gains of the wonderful processes of
nature by which vegetation is caused to spring
into life and grow to maturity, aside Irotn the
actual results of the farmer’s labor, in a great
measure compensate him lor all his toil and
care.
Comuieud us to Mr. Whitney! Wonders
will never end. Farmers are politicians -they
arc fast l ecoming expert botanists and zoolo
gists. But here is one that is also a specula
tive philosopher, and talks like the North
American, Review or Blackwood's Magazine.
His thought and diction would do credit to any
of the British cla-tics. Careful! Mr. Whitney,
or you will degenerate into a magazine writer
or a mere poet!
Wo hold that reports like these ai6 a genu
ine “holding oi the mirror up to nature,” and
with reports of a “Paring Bee,” would have
mideup almost an ideal couutry paper. Yet
we dare say many of the subscribers grumbled
last week because the Bridgton News didn’t
compete with, the Pbess in Maine political
cows, the New York Herald in general Dews
aud the Tribune in general polities, neglecting
the “Farmers’ Meeting,” the “Hunting
Match” and the “IlnskiDg,” though the News
is printed lor the people of Bridgton and the
neighboring towns. Of course there would be
Derther space nor facilities oi any kind for an
swering such unreasonable requirements. Be
sides, most people take the Pbess. or some
other good city paper, lor their general news,
in addition to their local journal. They ought
to patronize their local paper at auy rate—es
pecially the News, and we say all this neither
as au advertisement nor as a polf, but out of
sincere appreciation alone
The Ciii-cul Time Bon n EaHt.
The bright correspondent of tbe Comnurcial
(N. Y.) Advertiser, who pleasid everybody
with his Saratoga letters appeared at the
European and North American railroad cela
bration at Bangor last week, as Eli Perkins
anl writes as follows:
Grant’s Headquarters, I
Bangor, Oct. 19. f
This thing is getting to be a bore!
It is all nice to train around with a Presi
deutial party for a day or two, but the ibipf
souu becomes an old story. They all say so
Even tile joily Robeson, who has told all ol bii
marine jokes over the second time, begins
look se -dv, and sighs for his regular'meals al
Welker’s.
Giant aud Lord Lisgar submit like veteraus.
They ride in long procession, Ii9leu to sere
nades,and shake hands with endless post office
rows of the red-faced, lumber-yard Democra
cy-anil till with commendable patience.
Hamlin frisks about, aud is all the time intro
dneing Deacon Perkins or Judge Smith to
Oieswell aud Belknap, who in turn, to get rid
of them, turn them over with a wink to Ad
i miral Alden or Speaker Blaine. The Admiral
is anxious to raise a few subscribers in Maine
for tbe Sun before he goes off with the Europe
an squadron. Senator Wilsou slid to the rear
last uight. Partagas got too thick lor him,
and, not being a smoker, he said duty called
him to Boston to read the prool sheets ol his
new hook. lugalls and Porter continue to
smoke every cigar offered. They say they can
hold out lor days and still feel Iresh and vigot
ous,
grant surrenders.
This morning an enterprising citizen came
to the Bangor House at seven a. m., (think cf
it. lazy New Yorker,) and took the President
out riding. At niue they put Ulysses through
a hearty breakfast, aud at ten ttn-y bad bint,
with the Cabinet, aud Lord Lisgar, riding
around in a great procession of militiamen^
firemen, and lumbermen. Atone p. m.,came
dinner,at two the regatta on the Penobscot, at
three a big tree lunch to everybody at Norom
hega Hall, and from four to six the President
shook bauds at a public reception with every
body in Bangor. This evening will be allowed
the President lor reflection ou tbe arduous du
ties cf the Chief Magistrate, compared with
those of the Commanding General.
BANGOR GIRLS.
Many excursionists ara quartered around
the city in private families, aud consequently
many of the nobby young fellows from New
York and Boston are having 1 good time with
the pretty girls. *00 remorseless young man,
who leads the German in New York, is quar
tered at Judge Swan’s, whore they have three
beautiful daughters. He thinks be shall like
it. He was seized with a sudden londness for
u lavored one, and magnanimously introduced
the other two to some ot us fellows. Evety
dashing beau is now properly introduced into
the first families of Bangor. Things begin to
look brighter. 1 wish the excursion could last
a week. I wish the President would send for
Mrs. Grant aud the dhildren. 1 think by to
morrow night several susceptiblo young men
will become engaged. The Bangor girls are
too lovely for anything! and then they are so
honest. They believe everv word the New
York and Boston fellows tell them. It would
be wrong not to cheer them up with the olt
repeated tale of love and hope. New York
boys are the last fellows to see hearts of tender,
confiding country maidens sighing for a re
sponse of love.
Par different.
So the fellows are all devoted to the girls of
Bangor!
I have just magnanimously given up my
room in the hotel to an old fellow from New
York. Eli Perkins don’t like to see all these
gay city fellows getting ahead of him. Talk
about
The hells of Shandos,
Which sound so grand ou
Tlio River Lee,—
YVli er I,„_
Are still more grand, or
They’ve loo'ed me 1
WHAT 13 BANGOR?
Why Bangor is a great, overgrown village
which for tears has been the “jumping-ofl
place” ou the Eastern Bailway towards Cana
da. The population is made up of French de
sceudents, Penobscot Xudiaus, lumbermen,
Yankees, and pretty girls aforesaid. UaDgor
was named after the Bangor Whig. The river
is named in honor of the author at the Waver
iy Novels—the Pen ob-Scott. The people
thrive by raising potatoes and floating timber.
We hail baked beans this morniDg for break
fast. Senator Hamlin says the man on the
railroad who said lie ‘‘made his living by rais
ing hell and potatoes,” was no constituent of
aU illuL
p *‘“’I'ST TEK1UBLE developments
Bangor girls*'“ SeVretmyVCr8"rie1,!d.ered to
how it happened. Alte? ’“3t t?lls me
Town Hall to day, and iu ,*lje
Governor, Wilinot, and Secretary auad«!an
made their eloquent speeches the
rosy-cheeked, laughing Bangor girl, “went'lm
Grant. Old Appomattox kissed one ami then
they all came like sheep—a whole houselul
First, the President hesitated a little—perhaps
thinking of Mrs. Grant aud the children—then
he flanked his face squarely to the front, and
kissed every odo who came—and you bet they
all came! The pretty girls besieged him on ail
sides—sometimes two or three kissed him at
ouce. There wai no flinch to old &ppomattox
when he got started. Ho waded through sev
eral hundred of these pretty girls as he waded
through the Johnc-vsin the Wilderness. It
was ‘‘fight it out on this line if it takes all sum
mer.” Ilobeson suggested to tlio President
that he was having too much of a good thing,
but Unconditional Surrender went 8trai'>ht
ahead with his kissing. It is estimated that
toe President kissed six hundred pair of swtot
gushing, pouting lips that afternoon, and so’
let the practical fact, like a sweet dream
into history!
Iirtter From Augusta.
Fo the Editor of the Press:
Augusta, Oct. 21,1871.
Kennebec county is becoming famous for
Harder trials, three almost within a year. Tbe
e'egranb Ids already informed tbe country ot
in altercation between Everett Savage and
Scott Harvey, which resulted iu tho death ot
tbe foro.cr. The immediate cause of the quar
rel appears to have been tbe tying ol a tin dip
pe- to a dog’s tail, a sport to the exercise of
which we had supposed roguish boys held a
patent right, but tho iudulgence of which
really teems to have become dangerous, Trior
to the latal b'ow which deprived Savage of his
life, there had been a quarrel botween the par
ties io which Harvey showed an indication to
me a cart stake, but had been cuffed out of
that notiou by Savage and bad had his temper
somewhat cooled, so much so that he left with
the avowed purpose of calling tho police, and
giving Savage a taste of law, and apparently
fur that purpose he crossed Kennebec bridge,
but did uot go for the police,nor beyond Hunt’s
store, but turned about and retururd to tbe
east side, where he met Savage tie second
time. Savage at this time was going irom the
house of Mr. Sever ance to the stable where he
(Savage) worked, by the usual path which led
close by Harvey’s door. It was here near Har
vey's door that the homicide took place. There
was a great deal ol angry talk, during which
Harvey armed himsell* with a cord-wood slick
some lour feet long and large enough to fell au
ox. Mrs. Harvey came out and joined in the
dispute, accusing Savage of iusultiug her iu
the absence ol her husband, and Savage retort
ed by calling her a name not indicative ot
truthfulness. From tho boH information at
tainable at this time, it does not appear that
tho offtir was at all creditable to any of the
parties engaged therein, while its results all
must deplore, let tbe blame rest where it will.
A post mortem examination of the body of
Savagr was held this forenoon by Drs. Brickett
and W. S. Hill, Drs. Lapham and Stearns (the
last gentleman from the U. S. Militarv Asv
lum) being prcscLt. The examination disclos
ed a most fearful fracture of the skull. The
blow was inflicted in front of the left ear ex
tending to near the top of the head, the frac
I e.M a.r... portion ot
the temporal bone on each side following the
coronal suture for about three inches. There
waa also a fracturo on the opposite side of the
bead extending through the frontal bone from
near the ear to the centre of the forehead. A
large quautity of clotted blood was found be
tween the scalp and the skull, and there was
about a pint ot blood on the brain, which was
the immediate cause of death. Savage was
unconscious from the momeDthewas struck
and died in about six hours. It was evident
in fifteen mi iutes from the time the blow was
struck, says Dr. Brickett, that the injury would
be fatal. The blow was a most fearful one, the
fracture extending to both sides of the head.
Coroner Libby deemed an inquest untuffces
sary, and as the grand jury will be in session
on Monday, there will he no preliminary ex
amination of Harvey, who is now in jail.
_Mittimus.
Nimrods iNjOLD Oxford—It is a remarka
ble fact that there tlive in Fryeburg two
brothers (bachelors) who were never known to
speak a cross work to each other, although al
ways living beneath the same root, aud united
in their business relations. Whenever a diff
erence of opinions exists, some expedient is
hit upon that always seems to settle it in the
best of good feeling. One of the brothers is
called and thinks himself a remarkable “good
shot” while “Nathaniel” was (not quite |as
wiiliog to admit his superiority in that direc
tion. Not far from where they live is a very
good place tor “duck shootiDg ar.d it was
agreed that each should alone make a trial
and the amount ot game secured (should dem
onstrate bis skill as a marksman. Caleb was
first to make a trial, [and returned somewhat
cie9t (fallen, without having “bagged” a bird.
Better luck remained for Nathaniel, who went
out Saturday afternoon aDd returned at night
fal', with siz large, black ducks, that he secur
ed out of nine he brought down at a single
shot; it being too dark to secure the threo re
maining winged” ones. This settles forever
the question of marksmanship between them,
aud puts on record a good shot.
Fiyebnrg, Oct. 16,1871._
A Chicago Fire Incident.—A private let
ter from Mr. Edward I. Tinkham’s family, of
Chicago, has been received in this city. Mr.
Tinkbain is cashier of one of the banas which
were burned out, aud also lost his residecce.
He succeeded in icmoviug the valuable papers
ot tlie bank to his house, but at three o’clock
Mon-lay morning he was obliged 10 leave his
house. A trunk, containing the bank securi
ties and his silver ware and jewelry, was en
trusted to a negro, to he taken to 'a place of
safety, a..d returned after the fire, for which he
was to receive Si000. Ho and his family were
unveii bv the flames tn iha i;.. 1,11,.,,^.. _
where they remained with thousandi of others’
until late in the afternoon of Monday, when
they were removed by a tug boat to the west
side, where they tool: the cars for Milwaukee.
Some hours afterward the trunk was safely de
livered lo Mr. Tinkham, and the colored man
received his promised reward. The bank val
uables are reported to have amounted to fCOO
000.—[Concord Mouitor.
State JNeww.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTT.
We leaaa from the Lewiston Journal, fbat
at tbe meeting of the citizens of Lewiston and
Auburn, last Thursday evening, it was voted
to recommend to the city governments of Lew
istoD and Auburn, to appropriate the sum of
$5000 in the aggregate in aid of the sufferers
by the lires in Chicago, Wisconsin and Michi
gan-each city lo contribute in proportion to
valuation.
AROOSTOOK COUNTT.
The dwelling house aud all its contents of
D. Harmon, of Caribou, was a few days
since destroyed by fire. Loss $1000.
KBNNEBEC COUNTT.
A dwelling house aod bam owned and occu
pied by A. G. McCullum, of Pittston, Ale.,
(bmubiown village) was destroyed by fire
Thursday night, about twelve o’clock. Tbe
family lost their furniture and everythin!: Loss
$1200; insured for $S00. S
A man in Benton, by the name of Hodgdon
bau Ins baru burned Friday forenoon. After
the fire was extinguished the remains of his
little child, only four years old, were found in
the ruins, so horribly burned aud disfigured
that they could not be identified. It is”sup
posed thrt the child took matches into tbe
barn, 3nd while playing with them tbev be
came ignited and caught fire in tbe hay.
The Augusta Journal says an “eminont crim
n«l lawyer” of that city came near being com
mitted to prison in Boston last week, for con
tempt of court. He found less cbarity in Bos
ton courts for his natural flow of blackguard
ism aud Sandy river satire thau at the bar of
bis own county. People sometimes have to
go away from borne to learn good manners,
A distressing accident occurred in Winthron
village, winch caused the death of Airs. Rebec
ca West, aged 87 years. Her daughter, Airs,
hr. Morrill, and liusbacd, bad returned from an
evening visit, aud Airs. West going to unfasten
the house mistook the door and fell into the
cellar. She returned and uulocked the door
when it was found that her leg was broken be
low the knee. Amputation was performed
but she survived hut a few hour*.
The purses which were to have been trotted
for at Augusja this week have Dot been filled
and consequently the races will not come off.
OXFORD COUNTY.
Mr. Joshua Osgood, residing at Fryburg vil
lage, fell from the sea fib Id of bis baru on Mon
day last,and injured himself so severely fbat
h‘. lito was dospaired of fur several days. On
^°we7er’ consciousness returned aod
his recovery is now looked forward to with
much hope.
PENOBSCOT COUNTT.
The Bangor Whig says the body of Roger S.
Stanley of Sedgwick, the young man who was
drowned in the Penobscot on Saturday last, by
falling overhead from the main boom of tbe
schooner Levaut, was found iu ihe river near
Koliius steam null in Brewer, Friday.
Genera! Creswell telegraphed
to 1 ostmaster Farnham of Bangor, Friday to
send the mails for St. John via E. N A
Railway hereafter.
WALDO COUNTY.
c« r_•
citizen oi lieifast
while riding in his carriage Wednesday morn
ing, died almost instantly. His age was about
?/*yyiHe w»s supposed to be in excel
lent general health. Apoplexy was the cause
IN GENERAL.
Last Tuesday morning a serious affray took
place on boatd schooner Addie M. Bird, ol
Lock land, while the vessel was a few miles cfl
Cape Cod. There was a difficulty between
Lewis Richards, a searnau, and Captain Mer
rill, in which tlie former was severely handled
Afterwards coming on deck with a kuife lie
threatened the captain and the mate, the cap
tain s brother. The captain delended himself
with a capstain bar. and sent the mate for irons
to secure Richards. The fellow then pursued
the mate, who stumbled and fell. While thus
prostrate he came upon him and stabbed him
twice in tbo back, one blow penetration the
lungs. The wounded man, who suffered in
tensely, was conveyed in a boat to Yarmouth
and Friday was improving with a chance for
recovery. Richards was brought up before
Commissioner Hallett, in Boston Saturday
charged with assault wnh a knife on Wilson
Merrill, the mate. Richard’s defence was that
the mate was the aggressor; and that he was
struck several times on the head with the cap
stan, marks of the wounds of which he stili
hears. After hearing the evidence the Com
missioner held the defendant in §300 for the
action oi the Circuit Court.
York° ?I'AP Rover, from Peru for New
was r’-eentflT.111 a, c.arg0 of saltl‘ctr(S which
Island, vveut tntrnin<l6d-at Jolle’’ Inlet, Rons
night. A port0ioP.,°nf mU the Kale of Tbursday
is asserted ?n New c?r(i0 'vas saved- Jt
purposely driven ashore^‘wuj^ Te8t8el wa3
as yet with what autboHtv t, °ef ?ot appear
made. She was inmAa^ 1 alternant is
845,0001 iu Boston for Sinnri? York ior
for $10 000 Tho iu Bangor
Tlie Wild* Rover* ws«Wf* Iusu*cd for S10,000.
Messrs. A Ip he us HaTdv „,0.r,luer|yowne<l by
they have liit} nn i Ro., ol Boston; but
last Ausn 1 <?Lerest in btr since a year
Nick .,r„fatMW-hen th?y fold R-'r to Capt. J. O.
was 1 Maine and others tor §1(1,000. She
D im'iri°ioifblIiii0 1P35 tons' aad was built at
I'-unariscolta, Me., in 183.3.
_mmi iim i w n hmjhj——nu
"special notices
Cogia Hassan
i
Coutiamt to sell 8 lbs. bt-st (irauu
latod Sugar for $1.
i
-ALSO
AT
Factory Prices i
KID GLOVES
IIJOiTI
40 cts. to $1.T5
I PAIR.
MILLINERY
The Largest and Choicest
Stock East of Boston.
HOSIERY!
Endless Variety at Lowest
Prices.
Cogia Hassan,
139 Middle
-and
G Temple st.
October i'3-dlt
An Anchor 10 Windward.
It is g:oi seamanship, when there is reason to ex
pect heavy wea .her, to drop an anchor to windward.
We are in the midst ot the season ol chills and ra
ver. The sure pievcntive ot this ^stressing malady
is Hostetter’s Stomach Bitters. A course of that
wholesome vegc!able tonic will ien lei an attack im
possible. 'lake the hiLt and drop an anchor to wind,
ward.
Weak stomachs are most liable to_be disoideied
late in the autumn, when the changes ot tempera
ture are marked and frequent. Hostelter*s Bitters
iortify the stomach against the effects of these va
riations. Let dyspeptics make a note ot the fact, and
drop an anchor to windward.
Tho liver is more sensitive when the weather i9
continually alternating between tho w.nm>h ot
summer and the cold of winter than at any other pe
riod of tbe year. This is peculiarly the season ot
such alterations. Let the bilious remember that
Hostetler’s Stomach Bitt rs is essentially an anti
bilious medicine,and drop an anchor to w.ndward.
The w:sest plan is to torestall evil. The next best
thing is to arrest it. For disorders ol the stomach,
irregularities of the bowels, and all peiiodical levers,
take,as soon as the complaint developed itto’f,Hostel
r.w»0 Clnnn -1« ttittnia
BO N_D S.
Portland Municipal, O's
Portland 4 id It. It. C's
State ot Maine 6’s
St. Louis C’s
Rockland Aid If. It. O’s
European N. A. It. li. Gold 6’s
Portland* Oad. If. It. Gold 6s
Portland itocliester It. It. 7's
Chicago 7’s
Toledo 8’s
rOK SALK BY
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers Brokers,
100 middle street.
OC23 SNT MW&F _
J'OIl Sv£JLJB
Portland.O’s
Portland and Rochester R IS.7’*
15 shares Casco National Bank Stock.
6 shares merchant’s Nat’l Bank Stock,
1 share Fird National Bank Stock,
TheO percent Bonds of ihe Leeds and
Farmington Railroad Company. Princi
pal and interest guarantee;! by the maine
Central Railroad Co.
If. m, PA A SON,
32 Exchange st, Portland.
au8a °B
FOH SALE
rpilE new two ftoiy French rotf house, just fln
X ished, tn Cushman sr.; hou«e piped tor Sebago,
and all the modern improvements. Enquire on ihe
premises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. TENNEY.
sepSdct 6u
LEA PERRINV* SAUCE.
Pronounced by Councisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It impioves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
Wc are directed by Messrs. LEA PERRIN*? to
prosecute ad parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN UCNCAN’S SONS,
aug!2snfim Agents, New Yoik.
Graphite Axle Grease.
The Best in tlic market for all kiudnof
CARRIAGES.
Algo a good assortment of
Machinists’*Fine Tools
__Q. L. BAILEY, 48 Exchange street.
Dr. iiickneil’s Syrup,
For the cure ot Bowel or Summer complaints, acts
like magic upon Dysentery, isiarihcea, Cholera Mor
bus, Colic, Cramp, hick or Sour Stomach, Dyspep
sia. &c, givirg immediate relief. Free Irom opiate,
and ucver produces eostivene^a. Designed for chil
dren as well as grown persons. Sold by all dealt 8
in m*d cine. Please give U a trial. Prep wed only
by Edward sutttn, ot Providence, R. I. jyi9s, 3m
GOLD DUST!
All loverj 01 CHOICE FLOUR should i„nUire
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. se|.£d2nj0 is
They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA STiJItB,
Fluent Block,
8e‘)27-fneoJ'r_Exchange st.
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of London,
•-A.ND THE
Provucial BaDk of Ireland
And nil itn Bi*niichcM4
For sale in turns to suit, t,v
j. b. brown a- sons
_Jet3-sntf_at Exchange Si.
COAL $8.30.
Broken for
Boilers—.F a in a ces S> tor e Stoves—
‘Salamanders”—or in fact any pur
pose where a large sized aud strong
Coal is desired or required—offered
at the above price,which is certain
ly low -considering the present
phase ot the Coat Market.
JOS.U. POOR Sr BRO
ocSsnlt _
Hoard.
rpo rent) or the Winter, a Furnished Parlor also a
1 I'ltusa nt room lo a Gentleman and Wile
octl^odCr f!2 Kit EE STJKERT.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
House Securities
BONDS
OF I US
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE F. N. A. KAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, to St. John. New Brunswick, a
distance 01 2f2 miles,—with tho exception of 58
mih a between Winn. Me., and the boundary line ot
tbe State at Vanceb^ro’. On till* portion the track
is oow l eiiu la d, butt from Winn eastward and
from Vanceboro* westward, and the work will be
completed and trams running from Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Xb.s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTING TIIE UNITED 'TATES
AND the: KKITISU PROVINCES (New
Brunswick ami Nova Scotia). The population ot tbe
maritime Provinces is about ONE HIELION,
and all tlie land travel, freight, mails. <£c„ betwecu
them i'.nd tho Unred States,will pass over this Tiuuk
liue.whic h is WITHOUT coll PETITION.
Although not yet completed, tbe business of lire
road is already f.r greater than its most sanguine
lriemls predicted, ami is continually increasing.
Tbe net earnings from Eocnl ISu.inrs. alone,
on tbe 56 miles completed in Maine,already exceed
tbe interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars, and will be largely increasing after Sept rnxt
by the business lo and Iron) tbo Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tally as ts
present large business ami the lmmed ate increase
consequent upon its completion, requires,—the Com
pany has issued its Bonds lo tbe amount of Two
Millions of Dollars, secured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
ON ITU ENTIRE ROAD AND PROP
ERTY FROM WINN lo VaNCEBOKO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipment from Bangor to Winn, 5(i miles. 'Ibis
on is a mortgage to the city ot Bangor tur Sl.000.00P)
4_ and. in addition thereto, by a FI KMT AND
ONI*! MORTGAGE ou
ftflft 000 Acres of Land!
S*id lands being the same granted by the Slate ol
Maine to aid the construction ol tui* road. They are
situated along the Penobscot and St. John rivers,
an l are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
tracts, especially lu the fertile Aroostook Valley, (the
finest agricultural district iu the State,) are valuab'e
for farming lands as well as for tlieir timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,0C0 Acres to each Mile
ot Railroad with wlii. h they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as the State
or Rhode Island, which is 1306 square milts.) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage ol the Railway, its
equipments, dfcc., which alone is ample security lor
the Bonds, there are timbei and farm lauds to the
amount of
400 Ao'es to each Bond
also p’edgcd to ensure the payment ihereof.
The Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March 1, 1&99,
bear interest at
SIX PER (JEST. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free from U. S. Taxation.
Cou {.ons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bonds registered if desired, Coupons made
payable (£G each) in London, England, it preferred.
KINKING FIND* All proceeds ot salesof land,
as well as ot timber and other products therefrom,
are, by the Trustees, to be invested in these Bonds if
they can be bought at nar or less; otherwise in
United States, State or Municipal Sccuiities. And
on July 1, 1879, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, tlie E. N. A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a sum i
of money equal to oue per cent, of the amount o<
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, ami all interest
received on secaruire, belonging to (he Kicking
Fnuil are to l»e invested a« above stated, and these I
accumulations are solely for the purpose of addition
ally providing lor the redemption of there Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a th id great element
ol securitg and strength, and adds to the satety of j
these Bonds
The Trustees are Uon. HANMBaL HAMLIN, ot
Banger, Me, and J. ELGAR THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Far aud Accrued Interest in payment for
any ol the lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Acorued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange for these
Bond?, and can be sent by Express ami these re
turned by Express, lice o»‘expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further parttouars concerning
the connections and business, with Map-*, showing
the locaiiou and lauds of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
KLIAS Ml.RRILL,
Principal Agent of.the Company for the
Kale ,of Bonds,
B A N G O K MAINE,
Ott TO
SWAN DABtRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
iuw iiiiuuic street.rortiaud,
SST’On complet ion (in 1S7J)ol 60 miles of Railroad
now building, between St. John, N. B, and Halifax,
N. S, there will be an unbroken line ol Railway
Irorn Halifax to all the chief cities of the United
States, and a? two or three davs oi ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 30 hours’ time saved, from
New York, m going to or coming nom Europe, by
rail to or iiom Halifax,— a large bu-iness in pas
sengers, mails and ireiglu will 'Lereby be added to
the trathe over the E. N. A. Railway.
Julyl3-sueod tf
C YHD
Chicago, Oct. 20th, 1871.
We are h«ppy to mtoim oor friends and patrons
that we are now located at 5* South Canal at., aud
are ptepired to execute orders piomptly and most
respact fully ask a com i nuance of patronage.
OCt20dlw GAGE DAVIS.
THE
ADJUSTABLE SPRING BED.
THEBEST
AND
Cheapest in the World
MANUFACTURED BY
Thus. P. Beals Co.,
MARKET STKEET.
'J liis Bed is pronounced by all alt who have used it
to be superior to auv other ever effered to the public
The Manufacturers make the viler to guarantee
perfect satis taction to every purchaser oi this ariicle.
Also Manufacturers oi
Oiiimber Sets
And WcaldH in all kinds of
FURNITURE.
O 13 tf
H K M O V Jk. L~!
—AND
jRfiopfismivo
-OF THE
Old Post Office
0a aa entirely new plan.
Tli s office wil* open for tie delivery o.’3
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
Crockery House Furnishing Goods
Ot every name and kind, on or about the
SOtli of’ Sept. 1871.
Persons calling tor anything In our stock will
please leave thoir nacre, street and number and a'l
will be delivered tree by one of our numerous cu
rlers. Ofliee open trom 7 A M., to P M., Sun
days except.d.
Hooper, Eaton Co.
P. S. Entrance horn Exchange, Federal or Mar
ket sis. seplfi
Dll. E. 2?.OAltVlN»S
rJTar ]R.emecliess,
-FOR
Coujrhs, Colds aud Lut s Diseases,
For sale at Wholesale, by
\V. I?. PHILLXPtf t'O DrugghiN,
ocI13s.n2'v* Kq. 1C Middle Slrect, fort land. Me.
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let iu first class bonded warehouses on
Brown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings Yurie Danforlb and Corn
men ial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply lo J. B. BItOWN A SONS,
jy losn 97 Exchange Street.
The European Question,
What Is the European questiou to u«? Let the
crowned heads fight it out wbl e we supply tbelr
armies with provisions
THE AMERICAN QUESTION
a9 to the l est method of clothing gray heads wiili
glossy brown or raven black is, however, a matter oi
*a?t impor ante ro millions of both sexes in this
country. It>eoinstohe decided,!! popularity is a
air tes1. in the ca e, in favor of
Cristadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
the ta'es ol which have been advancing during the
I-ash twilfe Hi cull 5 with lnj id it mUni iiii g. As
dressing a'ler dyeing, use
CBIST’ADORO’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
fep7* cod Ira wliti-11 sn
N O T I C E
All Parties wishing 4o anile Chicago, to see the
ruins of the Great Conflagration, $r otherwise,
should call at G and lrunk Uicl^e-t Offlct, opposite
Preble House, where tickets can be had At loweet
rates.
oel7fffir IK H, BCANCHAlll), Agt.
____
FECIAL NOTICKsT"
TO THE E VDIES
It ou r utleutioai'iu called Co au Invoice of
English,French mid German
FANGY GOODSI
Just received irora New York, and now open for your inspection at our Store in Morton
Block, Congress St., (just alxve tlio l’reble House,) consisting in part of a full Jme of
Malta and Thread Laces.
Lace and Linen Collars and Cuffs,,
Lace and Hemstitch Handkerchiefs.
AL»9 A FULL LINK OF
Gimps, Frin-jcs and Buttaus to mntcli,
Audau otru-ire n«.oi Imrut ofl, IOIK)l> FlIKNlsiILNCI HOOD, FKINHKS
K.MBUOIDKUIKM.ac.
It will be our atm to n) jet the wauts of our customers at all timet with the most desirable and stylish
Clco'ts ol the season, as we bave made arrangements whereby we can receive go yds Ir.m the New York
auil Boston market every day. By strict attention to busiDe.-s we led confl lent ol pleasing ttoso wbo
may tavor us with their patronage. Iiespectfu'Iy.
Nelson Co., Congress st,
Morion blcct, Old stand Pray Sniitli.
F. S. All goods warranted as represented, ami at the l >wen market piices. oc21-sndt
The Cnnsc and Care Consumption.
The primary cause ot Consumption Is derangement
ot the digestive organs. This derangement products
deficient nutrition and assimilation, tty assimiia
tion 1 mean toat process by which the nutriment oi
the lood Is converted into blood, and thence into the
solids of the t ody. Persons wiib digestion t us im
paired, having the slightest predisposition to |U'
rnoiiary disease, or if they take ccld, will be very li
able to have Consumption o' the Lungs hr some ot
its forms; and 1 hold that it will be impossible to cure
anyjcaseoyjonsumpt'.on without first restoring ago od
digestion and bealilly assimila'ion. 'ihe very first
tiling to be done is to cleanse the stomach and bowe’s
from all diseased mucus and slims which is clogging
ihese organs so that rh;y cannot periorm their tunc
tions. and then rouse up and restore Ihe liver to a
healthy action For this purpose, the surest and best
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pdis Those Pills
cleanse the stomach and boweli oi all the dead and
morbid slime that is causing disease aud decay in tin
whole Bjs'em. They will clear out the liver ot all
diseased bile that has accumulated there, and arouse
it up to a new and heady action, by wbLh natuial
and healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach,bowels and liver are thus cleansed by
the use ot Seh nek’s Mandrake Pills; but there re
mains iu the siomaeh an excess ot aeid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In the bowels,the
lacteal* are weak, and require strength aud support.
¥l 1 ^nniUrinii littn llii. tlint ScfiCUOK 8 Seaweed
Tonic proves to be the most valuable remedy ever
discovered, it is alkaline, and i:s use will neutralize
all excess ot acid, making tbo s umach sweet and
iresh; it will give permanent tone to this important
organ, and create a good, hearty appetite, and pre
parer he system for.the first process otagood digestion
aud ultimately make good, healthy, living blood.—
1 Alter rlris preparatory treatment, what remains 10
cure most eases ol Consumption is the tree aud per
severing use ot Schenck’s Pulmonic Syiup. The
Pulmonic Kyrup nouiishes the system, purifies the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation,
r and thence distributed to the diseased lungs. There
s it ripens a'l morbid matters, whether in the form oi
1 abscesses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel all the diseased matter in the form of free ex
i peetoiation, when once it ripens. It is then, by the
great healing and purifying properties of Scbenck’s
i Pulmonic Syrup, that all uleers and cavities are In al
ed up souud and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing Consump
tion is to get up a good anpreite aud a good digestion
so that the body will grow in flesh and get strong.—
If a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess
there, the cavity cannot Leal, il e matter cannot rip
en, so long as the system is below par. What is nec
essary to cure is a new order of things, a good appe
tite, a good nutrition, rho body to grow in flesh and
get fat; then Nature is helped, the cavities will heal,
1 the matter wiil ripen and be thrown off *n Urge
quantities, aud the person regain health and strengt h.
This is the true and only plan to cure Consumption,
aud if a person s very bad, it the lungs are not en
tirely destroyed, or even it one lung is entirely gone,
ir there is enough vitality leu m the other to heal up
there is hope.
1 have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live and enj jy life to a good old age.—
This is what Scbenek’s medicines will do'to cure
Consumption. They will c.eau out the stomach,
sweeleu and strengthen it, get up a goad d gestur,
aud give Nature the assistance she needs to clear the
system ot all the disease th it is in the lungs, wbat
r ever Ihe form mty be.
i It. is important mat, while using Schcnck's roedi
cines, care snouid be txercised not to take co’d: keep
ill-doors in cool and damp weather; av id ninlit air,
and take cut-door exercise only in a genial and warm
sunshine
i I w ish it di&finc ly understood uat when 1 reconi
l mend a patient :o be careful in regtrd to taking cold
t while using my medicine. I do so ror a social rea*
son. A man who has but pariiallyfrecovi red from the
effects of a bad cold is ftr more liable to a relaps;
than one who has been entirely cured,aud i& is pre
t cisely the same in regard 10 consumption So long
f as ihe lungs ve not perfectly healed, just so long is
there iomi'uent danger ot a lull return ot the dis
t ease. Hence it is that 1 so strenuously caution pul
monary patients agdust exposing themselves to air
atmosphere that is not g-Miial and pleasant. Onr
firu-c t consumptives' lungs are a mass ot seres.
r which the least change of atmosphere will Inflame.
The gran secret ot my success with my medicines
consists in my ability to subdue iutLrmaiiou instead
ot provoking it, as many ot the faculty do. An in
flamed lung cannot with safety to the patient be ex
posed to thi biting blasts i t winter or the chiling winds
of springer autuurn. It should be careiully shielded
from all irritating influences. The utmost caution
should t*e observed in this particular, as without it a
cure under almost ary circumstances is an impo-si
bilitv.
r i he person should be kept on a wholesome and nu
1 trieious diet, aud all lire medicines continued until
the body has restor.d to it ihe natural quantity oi
flesh aud strength.
1 was myrelf cured by ibis treatment o» the worst
s kind of Consumption, and have lived to get iat aud
hearty these rnauy years, with one lung mostly gone.
1 have cured thousands siuce. and very many have
been cuied by this treatment whom i have never
seen
About the first of October I expect to take p .s-es
sion ot my new building at ihe north-cast corner ot
t Sixth aud Arch streets, w here 1 shall be pleased to
give advice to all who may require it.
i Full directions accompany all my remedies,so that
a person in any part oi the world can be readily
cured by a strict, observance 01 tlie same.
J. H. SCUFNCK, M. D., Philadelphia.
€-EO. C- GOODWIX, CO., Ageut*.
BOSTON.
Procure I iekets
AT
W. D. Little Oc.’s,
OLG PASSENGER TICKET AGENOY
r.Travelers for California
ami tlie Went, Mouth mu) Xorthvrcut, may ob
tain through Tickets, by the bc*l huiI mo>l
reliable* routes from Port’ar J, or Bj&ton. or
N'ew Yorlr, to anv print desired at the lowest
rates at tbi old aud tellable Un on Ticket Agency,
IF. I). LIT1LE <t CO.,
Office 49 l-‘i Exchange
BSS^Ke' able ill'ormation cheerfully furnished at
all times.‘ au2Cd tl sn
Aenej ol the “Home” Fire Ins. t o.
OF COLUMBUS, OHIO,
5 t xchange street, Portland.
I beg to in orm the friends and patrons ol the
“Home** that 'lie Mowing de-patch has been receiv
ed at this cilice:—
October 13 99
Secretary Baker is at Chicago with
CA*»H to pay losses, which arc less than
expected. Capital unimpaired
The tavers and applications of those w'sbing relia
ble security against Fire are solicited for the
HOME” of t olumbuH, Capital $500,000
‘iX10X,’> of Bangor, A sets, I AAA
No loss at Chi.ago. *470,000
tt5P“Po.lcie8 issued and losses set tied promptly and
liberally.
W. II. l‘OYE, Ageut,
oclCsLe..d2w 5 Exchange street.
lhe Steamer Emperor
Will Not Leave Portland for Yar
mouth until lurther uotiee.
•ct 9-sntf
Portland Ofoseivatory.
"VT O Stranger should leave the (Ty w (bout visit
Xl ing the Obsei\afory on Muujoy's Hill. From
the cupola 2i.7 fe above the $*»a. may be seen the
entire Ci\y, tLe Oceau to the horizon. Casco If »y.
with its 3G5 Islands, lhe While Mountains 8U
miles distant, and with the powerful Telescope
mounted in the cupola ol»jects;30 miles distant in
every direction may be uhf inctly seen, The views
here are said to be unsurpassed tor beauty and va
riety by any iu the world. Corgrrss street cars pass
very 15 minutes. SN jy22 3m
EXCHANGE
-OS
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
AND
lteady lor Immediate ’Delivery!
IN SUMSiTO.Sl'ITi
WS1. Id. WOOD,
07 Exchange St.
Ascot for llcury Clew. Co, IV. V.
Juiie27-tt nh
ON MARRIAGE.
P«vai'« Inr Vnni.n Mon n,. tAAl IT PTMT
and ABUSES, whi. h Interfere with MARRIAGE—
with sure meant* ot re’iettor ihe Entng anil Unl’or
tnuate, Dieeared and Debilitated. Addrers HOW
ARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2, S. Ninth St., Philadcl
Phia, l*a._ Jy2C-asnt£
Batchelors Hair Dye.
'Ihis superb Hair Dvo is the best in ibeworW—per
fectly huimless. reliable an<l instantaneous; nodis
apomtment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
J be genuine Win, A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair clean, soit, beautiful; does
not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold l»y ail Druggists.
Fac on .10 BOND S CREET, N. Y.
_ 1> 11 SN DAW 1Y
r* O T I O E
rPHE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 229
X Cougress street, has removed back to tie old
stand on Exchange street, where I will still n.ami
jacture the choicest brands of cigars. I will invite
all my customers and friends iu general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the prices. I
have all brands ot luipoifed Cigars, and fine brands
of Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two fiift class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. E. PONCE. No. 80 Exchange Sr.
>1-tf_
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the cPy will sell my
stoek and place of business *t great d'seiunt.
1 shall sell at retail cheaper ibau ever until I close
out my stoek of
Nliip Timber, Plunk, Npnra, line cm, Deck*
iug, and Treenail*.
Also 30.000 Cedar Ft. R. Sleeper*, extra size.
For particulars call on L. TA1LOIt,
sept 19-snit 170 Commercial st.
1>R. INGALLS,
Scientific Physician.
Heil* tlie sick upon ibe prlnc’plJ ot the late Dr. P P
Quimby's practice.
Office 39 Temple St.
<>4$(c Jiours (torn 8 a. in., to 12 m., and from I to 6
p, in. scp30.-n*3w
A« ij ore Wet Feet. N
Cable Screw Wire I
AS A FASTENING FOK 1
BOOT* ssiuS SIffOEN,
1^ rap dlv sii.d stead'ly suj eisedirg both Thread aud
Pegs. Besides furnishing ihe most durable, pliable
coLomi-u! bit ever offered Hie public, it attend, an 1
ai tide more nearly
WATKUPHOOF
than ever be .‘ore made of the same maieria's.
All DralciM sell I able *•>row W ired Goods,
ft’utci t Nlanip ou all. ectl’su eod6w
ONE lFA VOK.
One fiver, Boys, ot jcu we a$k,
Ai d as we’ve done so mu: h tor you,
We hope you will not think a task
^Ttif thing we wish to L»v« y«a U<*.
iou’ve many little triend*, may be,
Nv ho ‘*C lotuing** lor the season need;
Atk them to call, and we’ll agree
To sell them very lew indeed
Tell them the place to buy new “Clothes,”
(.oat, Pants, Vest. Hat and Shoes complete,
Is at the st ,re of GEORGE FKNNO'S,
Corner ot Beach and Washington Street.
Boston, Oct 18. B1)]w
~~8. B. GOWELL,
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entile
stock ct Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
it great bargains, and w ill continue the sales only
until he sells his house. (Sec advertisement by (Ico.
R. Davis tf Co.) Now is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
fcJT Come early and avoid the xusb. sep7-sntl
GRAHAM FLOUR
OF A SUPERIOR QUALITY
Fn'»h from Iho Mill. Also tlia celebr.itd
P O S T E L S
AxicI Otliex* Choice BraiuU.
WHAW, HAJUTIUND VARNEY.
ocO «13ru
JHARBIED
In Watervi'le. Oct 19. by Rev. Calvin G. Hill. Miss
Florence O. Tultle, ot W., to Charles C. Couillaid,
ol this city.
1 In Gray. Oct. 19, by Rev. E. Bean, ScmM A. Talbot,
ol Portland, and Miss Annie S. Howard, ot Gray,
j In South Watertord, Oct is, by Rev. W. E. Gibbs,
Eugene Nelson and Miss l.ottie AI. Stanwood, both ol
South Watertord.
in Salem. Oct. 28, by Rev. Mr Bean. Sam’l II. Fol
som, Jr., of Beverly, amt Miss Nellie S. Barstow, ol
Salem, (.ormerly of Portland.)
D.I E D
At Steven* Plains, Docring, Oct. 22, Mrs. Marcia
Clarke, aged 33 years 10 days.
[Boston papers please copy.
Jn York, Oct. 4, Capt. Wm. T. Freemau, %ged 64
years.
In Lyman, Oct. 9, Mr. Andrew C. Roberts, ar#d 62
years 7 months.
In Hollis. Oct. 9, Mrs.Clara, wife ot Hiram Hanson
aged 31 year.s 4 months.
1 DKPAKU'KK of OCEAN 81EATIKR9
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
j Hibernian.Qutbeo.Liverpool.Oct 21
Caledonia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 21
Pereire.New York. .Havre.Oct 21
y Oity of Brussels... .New York. .Liverpool.Oct 21
Mermoac.New York. .Rio Janeiro., .uct *3
Cleopatra.New York.. Uavana .......Get 24
Scotia.New York.. Liverpool.Oct 25
Colorado.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 25
St David.Quebec.Glasgow.Oct 26
Missouri.New York. .Havana.Oct 26
City ol Antwerp... New York.. Liverpool.Oct 26
Moravian...Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 28
Anglia.New York. .Glasgow.Oct 28
y Algeria.New York. .Liverpoo'.Oct 28
r Octan e.New York.. Liverpool.Oct 28
ntuiaiare Almanac.October 9*1.
ion rt»TS. B.-2-21 Moon lets. 1 (to PM
AallSet*. 5 06 tllgb w»tel.7.15 AM
M.A Hi N K 7-* r«
FORT OF POKTU!V>
Saturday, Oct. 41
ARRIVED.
Steamer Dirigo, Johnson, New York, mdse ti
Henry Pox.
Sch May Mnuroe Hail. Pliila lelphia—c«.al to Sami
Round.-* Sons.
Sch Dip'o.na, Pmkbam, Cape Cod—155 tbls mack
erel.
Sch Vanguard. Orne, Ch|.- Cod.-20 bbls mackerel.
Sch Venilia, Prour, CapeC- d-210 bb's mackerel.
Sch Gei tie Lew.s, iiudgdon Cape Cou—150 bbls
mackerel.
Sch Kingfisher, liodgdon, Cape Cod—14J bMs
mackerel.
Sch Ocean. Grant. Bos on.
Sch Hannie Westbrook, Littlejohn, Boston.
Sc.li Industry, (Br) Branscomb. St John. NB, tor
Boston.
Sch Lucy Ames. Torrcy. Rockland (or New York.
Sch Ai.uie BIirs, (n^w) Willey. Rockland ior Gal
vesfon
Sell <mith Tuttle, Southard, Wiscaa-cl l>r Boston.
Sell Magnum Bonum, Hale, Bangor tor Ipswich.
Sch Forest Belle, French, Bangor foi Wedfleet.
Sch Wm S evens. Rlwell, Bangor for Boston.
Sell Ec’ip e. Robbins, Bangor tor Gloucester.
CLEARED.
Steamer Carlotta, Colbv, Halitax, NS—John Por
teous.
Steamer New Brunswick, Tike, Eastport an 1 St
John. N R— A R Strbbs.
Sell Ida J, (Br) Waleb, St John. NB—Juba Por
tcous,
Sch Marcus Hun!cr, Orr, New Y, rk—J.siah Nick
erson.
Munduy, Oct. 44.
ARRIVED.
Steamer Joliu Brooks, Liscouib, Bostou.
Baiqoe El'ee Stevens, How, Boston.
BrigGirsey Qnen, Noyes, Phi'adelphia.-cjal to
Ponland Co.
Brig Hiram Aluff, Tibb Its, Philadelphia- coal to
L Billings
Sch E G Willard. Wall .ce, Philadelphia—coal to S
Rounds Sors.
Sch Mary Hiewer, Saunders, New York—corn to
Waldron True
Sch Ida L Howard, Harrington, New York,—coal
to James Williams.
Shr Adi ism, Everett, New York lor liar psweli.com
to Geo W True <Jfc (Jo.
Sch Excel, Hatch, Boston—iron to A E Stevens.
Launched—At Bath 2istinst, a schr ot 250 tons
named Robert Bn If, built tor parties in Galveston.
lIKnoUAM).!.
Barque Ada Carter, trom Pbilade’T.hki tor Havana,
which was towed iuu Savannah nismas'ed and leaky
is tound to be in such bad condition as not to war
rant the necessary repairs, and the Surveyors recom
mend that she be so’d.
Brig Be en M Rowley, West, at New York irmn
Pensacola, reports, Sept S8tb and 29th, encountered a
heavy gale trom E8E. and lost aud spin satis. Was
six days North ct Hatteras.
DOMESTIC FOR IS
SAN FRANCISCO-Cld I2tb. ihip Carrie Reed
Crowell. Singapore.
At 20 h ship Ocean Express, Harding, Boston.
NEW ORLEANS-Ar I5ili, ship Golden Rule.
Hall, Bolton; barque Jennie Cobb, Pack a id, Ruck
land.
EERNANDINA-Ar IG»b, brig Geo S Berry, Brad
ley, Boston.
JA'iKSONVILLE-Ar 16th, sch L Holway, Bry
int. New York.
SAVANNAH—Ar 19tb. brig Erie, trom Gardiner;
sch Mouaduock. Philadelphia.
Cld lt‘tb, «cbs Jos Fish, Turner, ProvMerce: F N
rower. Perry, Brunswick, to load tor Philadelphia.
Sid im Tybeo 17th. ship Reuuion, Curtis, Chari s
on. to load c >tton ler Liverpool.
CHARLESTON—Ar )9tli, sch May Moru, Babb,
Siw York.
SJd lath, sebs Irene K Meservev.Wall, Providence;
lieuilfiia, l.cnm.. \«cuij;eu;n u, ovv.
NORFOLK—Ar 18tb, sell A D h(jmloi6on, Hender
son, Bos: on.
BALTIMORE—Cld 13th. Fell 1< C Thomas, Crock
ett. Fall River.
SHI 19th, barque Mary C Fox, lor Boston.
PHILADELPHIA— Ar 19t»», soh David Mills, Ba
ker, Bangor; L A Johnson. Mah’tnan, St John. NB.
Ar 201 li, brig Mardiull Dutch, Turner, Boston; ich
Windward, Ellis. St John, NB; Ella Brown, Robin
son. do.
Old 19th, brig3 Five Brothers. Tburlo*, tor Cork;
Moses Dav, Crosby, Savannah.
Cld 20th, brig Minnie Milier, Leland, Portland.
Sid tin Delaware Breakwater 1»tb, ship John Har
vey. Havre.
NEW YOBK-Ar 19lli, brigs Belle of the B«y.
Noyes. Indiano'a, 32 da s; Helen M Rowley. West.
Pensacola 22 days schs Maid ot the Mist. Smith,
Calais: Wm Penn. Wiley, do; Marion, Dianer, Mea
dy, Gardiner. Stampede, Whitmore, Mayvillt: Eli
zabeth Arcularius. Gtegory, Rockland; Mary Louise
Simpson, Poitland, Sunbeam, Field, and Damon,
Johnson, Fall River Senator Crimes, Philbrook,
Providence. Emily, Brewster, Bangor; Maracaibo,
Henley, New Bedford; J L Newton. Clover, Boston
tor Ceorgetown, DC; Hattie Haskell, Loring, Per
nauibm o via St Thomas.
Ar 20th. barques O M Hume Mitchell, tm Bneuos
Ayres 60 days; Elba, Peterson. Havana 10 days bng
Nellie husiecd, Mah-uey.Cienlueyos Auiilies.Thc«t
rup. Matanaas, 16 days, He'en M Rowley, West,
Pensacola; schs Hattie Haskell, Young, Pernam
buco; Cen Hal Watts, Ja Usonv lie.
Also ar iOih, schs America, Ingraham, Hocklaud;
Ruth S Hodgdon, Pendleton, and Geo W Kimball,
Shaw, do; E Cregooy, Thorndike, Vinalbaven; Kate
Foster, Harradeu, Providence.
Cld 20tli ship Bendingloxi, Petcr*on. Havre; brig
Nellie, Owens, St CiO'x; schs J C Libby, Libby, for
Jacksonville; M C Mo cley. Haynes, Darien
Passed through Hell Cate vOtli. schs Mary Means.
Parker, Hoboken tor Boston: Wiu MeLoou. Ha kell,
New York for Newburyport; Su*pilse,(ne,v) Hay
ward Trenton tor Pioviuence: Juliet, Ja kson. Port I
Johnson lor do; Crescent Lodge, Batch, Rondout lor j
Provideaee. _,
Passed through Hell Cate 19th, schs Light Boat I
Dean. New York tor Pcliast; Gamma, Huntley, no
tor Boston; J W Woodruff, Haskell, New York lor j
Boston.
NEW HAVEN—Cld 191 li. «cli Ilaiuimrf!, Weaicott.
Philadelphia
PROVIDENCE—SM ‘.(Kb, sch Al ec G Gra e Gil.
ihrist. <leor*etowii; Canary, Hart. New York I
NEWPORT—Ar 191 It, ,olis i avric I, l: ix Hix fm 1
S^SSASmT Vo,k; Fr#J Hs“-
VINE Y AKU-HAVKK—Ar 191U, biig, K 8 Haaa.ll
liodg'lon, liostoti lor Wilmington. Kvu N ,|nhn«in' i
•lohMon, Ini Ponlaa.l lor New York; M-ba ScAouiul i
Veil, and Sanil Hart Hulbrwk. H bokrn to- Dor-oi.
Vm Dewing Cocm, 'in N*w York to*- b».»i ,lohn
loyn on. o t r u«“t“ the K,
Ur per. irom Cala't toi New York Mury E stuniel’
Mnsmore, St John, NB. lor PhiiadclulJa- Kotor'
Jasper, do fur Now Vor* Grand lmanc. M.-Inth*
Sockpori for do; L B Sargent, Sargent. YlnalhavJn
or do; Firr.da. Jordan, Bancor ror New London
bst an anchoi1, A ice Oakes, Mar.-on, Gar liner lor
Wccbuwken.
Ar2Uto. brig* Sftortsniun Morton, from Boston for
Philadelphia; Hiram A biff,-; §c*i Ida L Howard,
Harrington, New York tor Portland.
BOSiON—Ar 20th, barque Corea, Bang*, lui Liv
trpool.
i>l<l 20:h, *clif Mary Baker. Thompson, tor Port &u
Prince; Excel, Hatch. Pori land.
SM 20*h barque Norton Stover.
Ar21*t not DnoLq Baker, Philadelphia; On lot
Cr* <*ker, Machais; Concert, 1 yler. Bangor.
i Id 21st, barquig Mary Ghred, St r»t Ncrr Or
leans: Mendora. Perry, Charlesion. Volunteer, Fie'd
Norlolk; srt» Jasso, Delong, and Alice S, Perils, ler
St John, NB via Portland.
FOMICIGN POI119.
Ar at Genoa 2d lost, rbip Southern Chief, Hlg'ins,
New Orleans.
Ar at Bordeaux 4th inst. barque Morning Light
Tracey. Now York.
At Buenos Avres 7th u’t, brig Eliza Stevens, Ok
good, for Kovario. to loml tor Bo.-ton.
Ar at Rio Janeiro 19t li ult, brig Theme Butler
Blolin, Pernambuco.
In port 28th, brig Spaikling Water, Dahl, Ira New
York, ar 2td.
At Surinam 5th inst, biig A J Ross, Wyman, ler
Boston 10 day.-*.
At Barbadoes 2fth ult, seb Palos, Shackford, trom
Norlolk. ar 19tb.
At Martinique 8th inst. barque Daniel Draper,
Clark, for New Orleans 20th.
Ar at Port Spain 9th inst, brig H B Emery, Small,
New York.
At Grand Turk 7th inst, sell W F Cunblng, fer
Philadelphia 3 days.
Ar at Caibarien 3d inst, brig Minna Traub, Pa ltd
ford, Mathias.
Ar at Havana 10th, brig Julia F. Haskoll, Pieiscy,
St John, NB.
Sid I2ih. barque Lucy Princes, Upton, New York;
13ih, brig Havana. Bennia. do.
At King-dun, Ja, 8ib inst, rcb Lizzie Cochran, tor
New York.
Ar at Pernambuco Sept 23, brig Izn, Thompson,
Portland. (Aug V
S!d tm Sagua 4th inst. sch Hattie Ross, Ulrlek, for
Portland; 6tb, barque Daring, McDonald, lor Ball!
more.
Ar at St John, N3, 20ib. schs H K White. Finley,
Port.and; W H Mailer, Crowley, Calais.
SPOKFA.
Oct 17, lat29 15. Ion 70%. baiqce Cephas SUrrutt
iroin New York tor A«p'mval).
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
Independence.
HE1118 ARE THE FACTS,
AT
87 Middle Street
WE Dll NOT KEEP
Granulated Sugar,
Peanntr,
Pop Corn,
Hoop Pole8,
Scrap Iron,
Hoop Skirt8,
Tin Ware.
Damaged Goods,
oh
Old Rags
We have no Olfi Goods so mean
that a dunk Dealer would be
ashamed ot. We do not sell some
kinds of trash at one hall its first
cost and sell other kinds ol Goods
tor Tour times their value.
WE SELL
Good, Hew, Glean,
CLOTHING
-A.N LOW
AS ANY OTHER PARTY
IN THE
United States I
WE WARRANT
Every Garment
As Rood As Recommended.
Wc hare the I. ABC KMT STOCK »f
GEETL EMEU’S
Furiiishinfr G oocIm
IN THK
ST A. TE!
We will not be Undersold!
Shirts and Drawers
From 37 eta. t $2 SO.
Large Stock of BojV Clothing.
J. Burleigh
87 MIDDLE ST.
*cU3tF
Something New,
beautiful.,
AND
ARTISTIC,
TO BE SEEN
Only at Ilale’®,
2 Free street.
Oct 23-dtt
Portland Savings Bank.
"\K POSIT 3 made in this Bank on or be/ore Frl.
.7 a i. wuiuience interest ou
the first ot the month.
oc23dfoco3 FRANK NOYES, Treasurer.
To Let.
A PLEASANT and convenient tenement ol seven
rooms, in house No. 10 ATLANTIC ST. oc23tf
UG6VLAR LIN 0
For Baltimore.
j The regular packet Schr. Bowdoin
i/h Randall. Master, having two thirds or
Aft H her cargo encaged, will tail ns above
V/aiAT. Fortnight apply to
WW CHAS SAWYER, or
ORLANDO N ICKKRSON
oc-23 lw No, 123 Commercial at.
For Matanzam
ne?, »k.fi°,r,ne* Pe'e"'Slkin
EmT Freight apply to
A L. HOBSONV C#" °r
Pot Hand, Oct .'1, 1871. ,UKBt.iN.
___ 0c23d4t
Fo1' ^-_ar<lona^7
Mb i'uS!V40'"0'
J^ortlan I. Oct 21, 1871. scUUt
I-vi;ry Dnj, initial s Kxceptcd.
0Oa\favJ’.‘V'i!So "1 VESTS, Dyed and Cleansed
iV.mV I’VE HOUSE. 24 UNION ST.,
street 1 U*ri‘!m°“tl* Hu,el> ou!,,i 3i»Cnngie«
Dyed Out iacics warm.ted n it t sinnl (huments
ciean^eu bv lie new steam i ro •ein ha to the advan
tage ot n >f tfhrmkii.g mid all «i oil*, gi<a-c an-l gt*n
***;tl de ect.-* mnahly removal MplJ-n«wM
To Let
A HOUSE aud Stable, situated ou (JaiJorib »tieet,
ault>i»le tjr a laige family ora boa.ding boua*,
(ot each aiilb# teoied 8«paruU)ac a low rate. 4|i
l»ly to MARTIN UOKE,
Foitlau I, October 2*. 1871. ocW^at