imt they oertatnly snooked bis sense of owner
jfttip by Increasing his taxes. Be may be set
flown as a grand Juror determined on bring
ng the guilty parties to justice.
Amos D. Ashmxid, of 1,457 Third avenue,
IS an undertaker by trade. He neyer under
took a more honorable task than when he
herved on Judge Bedford's Orand Jury, pro
vided he will discharge his duties properly
and help in bringing the city peculators to
punishment.
t The KtMMBbllni mf Ceugreee.
The two houses, second session, Forty
tfeoond Congress, will reassemble in the
featioaal Capitol on Monday week, the first
V"iv in December. Elsewhere in these
^oteions we give a list of the members of both
feouses and their pkwy classifications for the
general ir formation of our readers. This
will be what is familiarly known as the long
flessioD, and It will probably be prolonged till,
ffeldsummer; for we expect in the President's
Annual message some recommendations, em
?-clng a reduction of our internal and
ernal national taxes, whioh will be sub
ntially adopted by Congress, but whioh in
discussion will ocoupy the two houses
al months in Presidential electioneering
hes.
Beyond some reductions in our Internal reve
Aue and tariff assessments and the passage of the
Regular appropriation bills we do not expect
jfeucb from this session; but the reductions sug
sted in our schedules of taxation are expected
snerally by the country, and cannot safely be
snied. To insist upon saddling the present
generation, which has borne so much, with
ke payment of the national debt, will be a
feinnder which we cannot believe will be com
fialtted by this Congress on the eve of a
presidential eleotion. We therefore expect
fhat Congress, consulting the wishes of
"be people, will seek rather to lighten
aelr {axes than to indulge Mr. Boutwell in
faUaoy of hurrying up the payment of the
We may have, perhaps, a general
j nanesty bill passed, in order to spike the
[uns of Carl Schurz and other anti-Grant re
publicans; but the late Ku Klux develop
lente down South upon this point are some
what discouraging. At ail events the near
tipproafeh of the Presidential contest will
make this session of Congress exceedingly
jjjvely and interesting.
Eekst Stioib, of 48 St. Mark's place, is to
relied upon, we hope, to perform his full
fluty as one of the grand jurors in indicting
Vie plunderers of the city treasury.
I WimiM J. Iras, the broker, of 74 Beaver
?ftreet and 139 West Twelfth street, is a Grand
furor and a shrewd business man. Be is just
,jflie person to push an investigation into the
pity frauds. Let him distinguish himself now
fey bringing home these infamies to the gnilty
(parties.
Personal Intelligence.
Kx-Governor Bollock, of Massachusetts, la at the
jhrth Avenue HoteL
i Judge Robert Cochran, ot White Plains, la stop
blag at the Btortevaut Bouse.
General J, R. West, 01 Mew Orleans, Is quartered
At the Fifth Avenue HoteL
James X. BcotU, of Mew Jersey, ts at the St
blicholaa HoteL Mr. Scovu ts a politician or note,
and at the late Republican Convention of New
Jersey was a candidate for the gubernatorial
feominatton.
Colonel William B. Wooster, of Oonne client has
'quarters at the St James uoteL
Colonel Amos D. Smith, of Providence, R. L, is at
the Fifth Avcnoe OotcL
Colonel T. W. C. Moore, or Washington, Is among
fee late arrivals at the Stnrievant House.
General J. llavden, of the United states Army,
us taken quarters at the st Nicholas Hotel.
Colonel H. 8. McComb, of Wilmington, Del., la
Qomlcllod at the Brevourt House.
Major Ben Pertey Poore, of Newbnryport, Mass.,
Citerda/ arrived at the Fifth Avenue UoteL The
jor la a well known veteran Journalist and au
thor.
Frederick Billings, of Vermont la sojourning at
fee firevoort House.
Bishop O'Reilly, of Springfield, and Rev. Thomas
puffin, of Worcester, Mass., yesterday arrived at
fee Everett House.
Judge R H. Rosckrans, of Glens Falls, is stopping
*t the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
George W. Childs, proprietor of the Philadelphia
ffedper, yesterday arrived at the Fifth Avenue
BoteL
An address Is in circulation for signature among
|ie republicans ot Queens county, urging the elee
tlon of the lion. L. Bradford Prince, member of
Assembly elect of tbe First district, to the Speaker
felp of the House in tbe next Legislature.
Professor J. Q. A. Warren, of this city, was a great
loser by tbe Chicago Are. His collection of specl
tens of American lepldoptcra and coieoptera,
aides books, papers, fossils, minerals, treas
ures of conchology, Ac., was destroyed.
Be had been for years collecting it, and had greatly
added to It during bis Western scientific tour, which
Occupied most of tno time since last May. It is
Eying that his valuable collections of cocoons
aw silks were at the Industrial F.xhlbttlon In
inatl, otherwise tney would have been de
stroyed. Professor Warner is an ardent advocate
of silk culture in this country, and naa contributed
Extensively to scientific journals on that subject.
The Professor has Just arrived in tnis city, and will
wave in December for Europe. In Eagtand he Is
feell known, having been a correspondent of tbe
Loudon scientific Journal, Land ana Water. Before
the Professor's departure several aclenuao societies
have assured blm they intond to restore as far as
poaublo the collection which be has lost.
THE ASTI-GttANT MOVEHEYT.
|a?eb D. Cox, of Ohio, lfoes Not Believe
There Is Any Truth lu the Rumors Circu
lated.
Cincinnati, Ohio, Nov. 23,18TL
Tour correspondent, determined to ascertain as
as possible on what foundation the ra
wed movement of General Batter, Jacob D.
x, 'of Ohio, and others against the President
Of the UnRed States was oased, this afternoon
iraited upon the latter gentleman. Alter the
regular interchange or courtesies 1 informed Mr.
pox of my Instructions from the Herald, un<l asked
him what knowledge he possessed la reference to
this anti-Grant affair.
"All I know of the matter," he said, "Is derived
from Mr. Butler's declaration that it was a canartL
I have heard or no each meeting called, having this
bbjeot in view, nor do 1 know u one was to be held
ar contemplated. Hut,, to speak so far as my own
knowledge is concerned, there is not a particle of
foundation for the rumor."
HAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
Lieutenant Commander H. H. Gornnge is ordered
to ordnance duty at Mew York. Lieutenant John
Woodman has been detaohed from the Navy Yard,
New York, and ordered to the Hydrographlc Office:
Lieutenant W. H. Brownsou lroin tue ussipee and
placed on waiting orders; First Assistant Engineer
Albert Aston from the Bureau of Steam Engineering
and placed on wailing orders.
THE MILLER DIVOliCB CASE.
PORTTANb, MC., NOV. 1871.
The Miller divorce case la at last definitely settled,
fudge Topley, In tno Supreme Court, to-day, gave his
decision. He decrees to Mrs. Miller the custody ot
the two children and specifies tho sum of ti.boo, tho
law giving her a dower, and the inrihcr sum of
iiao per quarter for tnc tnppoitof tue children,
filth appropriate aeciees for Its cnlorcemouU
THE PRINCE OF WALES' ILLNESS.
His Royal Highness Invalided by an
Attack of Fever.
THE MEDICAL BULLETINS
An Uncomfortable Night, bnt the
Symptoms Not Alarming.
Tl LIBRAE TO THE K?W YORK HERALB.
London, Not. 23, 1871.
Tho indisposition of the Prinoe of Wales
continues.
His physicians state that the symptoms are
those of typhoid fever.
His Royal Highness passed a rather uncom
fortable night.
His case shows no signs of improvement
ihia morning.
The Medical Bulletin.
London, Nov. 23?Evening.
An official medical bulletin was issued this
evening announcing to the people the condi
tion of the Prince of Wales' health.
The paper is signed by the attending
physicians.
They state that "the Prince is suffering
from an attack oi typhoid fever, but the symp
toms are not alarming."
THE BRITISH THROSE.
The esble news which we publish this morning
gives an account of the present critical condition
of the health oi the Prince of Wales, the nelr appa
rent to the English throne. It is carious to observe
that he is suffering from a malady of probably
muoh the Bame typo as that which carried off his
lather white sull <n>mpar&Uvely a young man.
Prince Albert, It will be remembered, died aftor an
illness of a few hours' duration of gastric fever.
Inheriting a constitution which, though strength
ened by new and healthy blood, is still reebie, and
subjected, according to common report, to the
enervating influences which are incident to
the life or a free living patrloian, there
would he nothing very surprising in the news of
his premature death. And Judging from the
tone even of the conservative English journals, and
still more from the franker reports of the Hk-.ai.d
correspondent In London, his demise would not be
greeted with extravagant regrets by the English
people, ills liie, though stui brief, has had a lull
measure of unseemly scandal, and he has given
do promise cither of the great virtue or talents
which would make blm a beloved occupant of the
throne. Oi tho sick, as well as of the dead, It u a
haru thing to bo forced to apeak sternly; bat In this
case it would be Kile to Ignore the truth. The
Prince would bo Interred with splendid ceremonies,
bnt few tears would perhaps be shed before his
tomb. Nay, some might even say that his death
would probably defer to a later period the full con
summation of that peaceful revolution which is now
converting Great Britain from a monarchy into a
republic, for many, even among repntabie English
newspapers and reviews, have hinted at the reluc
tance with which the British people would accept a
representative whose pn vate character Is said to
bo stained with many lapses from ordinary decency.
If the Prince dies the heirship to the throno would,
of course, descend to his eldest son, Prinoe Albert
Victor Christian Edward, wno was born at Frog
more Lodge, Windsor, on the 8th of January, lMV
and is consequently now nearly eight years old.
The law of succession to the British throne provides
that the crown shall descond to tue direct lineal
male heir. The chances ot tne orotners or the
Prinoe of Wales to Inherit the throne are, there
fore, very slender. Between Prince Aurcd,
the Queen's second son, and the crown there stand
Ave lives, only one of the Prince of Wales' six chil
dren having died, and the chance or male children
to Prince Albert Eaward ine younger. Two sous
and three girls are still alive to the Prince of
Wales, and it Is hardly probable that they wUi all
die prematnrely.
The immediate effect of the death of tho Fitnoo of
Wales would probably be to still further postpone
the execution of the Queen's reported wish to abdi
cate the throne. But for the unpopularity of the
heir apparent she would, It is said, have already
resigned Into his hands the reins of power. As it
Is sue nas transferred to him some of the more
latignlng duties of royalty, ana be has held levees
and given receptions In ner stead. His death would
most likely induce her to keep the throne
until the Infant heir apparent should
reach manhood. Should sue, however,
persist in her purpose to resign the cares of state,
or Bhould she herself die, a regency would nave to
be established. Such a regency, however, could
scarcely be verv popular. The Duke of Cambridge,
who enjoys an unenviable reputation, or Prince Al
fred, wuose visit to Australia developed many very
unpopular traits of character, would probably be
appointed regent. Either selection would be very
unacceptable to the English people.
We have thus briefly reviewed the consequences
or the Prince's death, not that we believe he is
already in extremit, although the telegram bulle
tins are somewhat omnloua, and the words of tue
attending physicians particularly cautious in tuelr
expression, but because many Americans, unskilled
in the mysteries of hereditary succession, might
fairly be puzzled over tho possible results of such a
contingency.
GERMANY.
Bavarian Legislation Against Clerical Encroach
ment on Popular Liberty.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
Berlin, Nov. 23,1871.
in the German Parliament today a bill woe ln
troanced and advocated by the Bavarian Minister
providing for the criminal prosecution of "clergy
men who abuse the privilege of their office."
This bill is understood to be the first or a series
of bulwarks against the encroach m cms of the
Churcn or Rome upon the liberties of the people.
PRESIDENCY or Ton PARLIAMENT.
flerr Martin Edward Btmsou, President or the
lower branch of the German Parliament, tendered
his resignation, but was nevertheless re-elected.
AUSTRIA.
American Exertion for tho Belief of Chicago.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HE.UIQ.
Vienna, Nov. 23, 1871.
Minnie Ilunck, tho American prima donna, has
given a matinee at the Karl Theatre, In this city, for
the benefit of iho sufferers by the Chicago fire. The
theatro was crowded and a large sum realised, the
scats bringing five times tholr usual prices.
Tho money will bo invested In clothing, which
will be shipped to Chicago at an early day.
THE SUEZ CANAL.
Income and Coil of the Uroot Transit Work.
We have received tho lohowlng commnnlcation
from Messrs. S. L. Merchant h Co., of this city.
Transit Agents for the Sues Universal Ship Canai
Company:?
The receipts or tho Suez Canal during the nine
months (January to October, 1*7 o, amounted to
7,7gu,uou iraues, against 4,440,000 Iraucs lor the
same period last year.
These receipts must, however, be doubled, to
cover the expense of working una mainteuaace mid
Uie interest on the ooiigauoiisi
ENGLAND.
The Radical Reformers Still Moving
Against the Monarchy.
Sir Charles Dilke's Lecture-?Ex
citement and a Row.
Political Conservatism Hoar the Dockyards?Ths
Ilrat Growl of the Winter Blast?lee
and a Fatal Accident?Ameri
can Mnsiotl Enterprise.
TElEMAi TO THE HEW TOM HERALD.
London, Not. 23,1171.
A radical republican mass meeting was beid in
Bristol last evening, at whlcn tbe speakers were un
restrained and entirely unreserved in their denun
ciation or monarchy in Great Britain.
SIB CHARLES DILKE'S LKOTURB AND INTKNSI
ttemnm
Sir Charles Dilke delivered a lecture on royalty at
Leeds to-night before an audience or about one thou
sand persons.
The excitement was intense and the proceedings
culminated in a slight collision between the people
and tbe police.
roLIT1CAL REACTION NKAR A CENTRE OF PATttONAOB.
Mr. Bates, the conservative candldato, has been
elected to Parliament from Plymouth.
THE WINTER?EARI.Y, SEVERE AND WITH SAD FA
TALITY.
Winter has set in at an unusuallr early date.
The ponds in the vicinity or London are rrozen
over and the skaters are out In rorce. Accidents
on tbe loe have already occurred. At Tamworth
the Ice gave way and three persons were drowned.
TOR BULLION SUPPLT.
lbe bnlllon in the Bank or England has increased
?303,000 during the week.
MUSICAL ENTERPRISE FOR BOSTON.
P. 8. Gilmore has returned *rom the Continent,
where he met with complete Boccess In securing the
assistance or the different Powers In his projected
Universal Musical Festival at Boston, In 1472. lie
sails for nome in the steamer City or Brooklyn.
BELGIUM.
The Street Tumult and Municipal
Excitement in Brussels.
Citizen Attempt to Overawe the Government?Col
lisions with tho Police-A Midnight Calm.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YDSX HERAll
Rncssxi.s, Nov. 24?1 A. M.
Tbe Belgian Chamber or Representatives ye-uer
day, after a farther animated discussion, finally and
by a decisive majority voted to support ihc govern
ment lu its appointment or M. ae Decker us uovernor
of Ltmbarg.
An enormous and excited crowd again gathered
around tne doors of the Chamber Hall and nproarl
onsly manifested opposition to the appointment,
but the prcsenoe of a large police force was suffi
cient to prevent a breach of the peace daring tne
day.
After nightfall, however, there wore serious dis
twbances, which continued all the evening.
Crowaa invaded the Ministry or Public Works, bat
were repelled by the police.
Several persons were injured In the melde.
At midnight all was quiet.
TURKEY AND RU33IA.
The Saltan Objects to Rusaification in Ron
mania.
TELECRAM TO THFRfW YORK HERALD.
CONSTANTINOFLK, NOT. 23, 1871.
The Saltan's government objects to the conclu
sion or any treaty?for indnstrial purposes or ob
jects of general state policy?between the Czar of
Russia and tho Roumanian authorities which may
have the effect of modifying tne jurisdiction of the
Porte in the Danubian Principalities.
Tne Ottoman cabinet will conduit tho people 9;
the Danubian territory on the subject according to
the form prescribed In the imperial constitution.
The Cholera In Constantinople.
CONSTANT! NOFI.K, NoV. 23, 1871.
The weather is unfavorable again, and Hie num
ber of cholera cases is increasing.
CUBA.
A Large Crop of Sugar Cane Expected.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Havana, Nov. 23, 1871.
Reports received here from all jurisdictions of the
island state that the growing sugar canc ie in excel
lent condition, and a large crop is expected every
where lor next year.
The bark R. W. Griffiths, from New York, has
arrived at Matanias.
SllUDLULD IN A KAVfYE.
The Trial of Blackburn lor the Alleged Mur
der of Miss J.ovell?Defence of Insanity
Set Up
Chilltcothb, Ohio, Nov. 23, 1871.
Testimony commenced to-day in the lilackburn
case, and the story of cliff was repeated by three wit
nesses, to whom Blackburn told It on the Weunesday
and Thursday succeeding tho death of Mary Jane
Loved; also that the footprints in the glen, and
near where the body was louuo, indicated a strug
gle. The footprints were iho^e ol a man and a wo
man; the woman's heels seemed to have oeen
planted Urmly in the grouud, while tho body was
tlirown backwards.
The deienoe try to make ont that Llackbnra was
Insane for several months before lb" tragedy, but It
can only be shown thus far that lie was a monoma
niac ou tho subicct ol want. He was in constuut
tear that his family would starve, airnougn there
was no evidence that tliey were tu waut.
The Court holds night sessions to expedite
business.
This case excites intense Interest.
THE ALLEGED CLINTON MURDER,
Boston, Nov. 23,1871.
Tbe Jnry In the Clinton case at Lynn acquitted
lohn O. Clinton of complicity in the death of his
sire, lie was accordingly discuarged.
A FARMER MURDERED IN ONTARIO.
NEwxARxitr, Ont., Nov. 23, 1871.
A farmer named John Jackson left nis house, ac
companied by a man named Traviss, this morning,
lie was subsequently found in a sleigh, dead, nay
Inn l?en shot in tho neck. Trnvlss acknowledges
commuting the murder, and Is now lu custody.
NEW HAVEN.
The Wooilbrldgr Murder Can.
Yesterday forenoon, during the progress of the
trial or Jane South, of Woodbridge, charged with
tbe murdor of Emma Sperry by means of an abor
tion, the counsel lor the siato sought to prove
declarations made hy the deceased to Miles Camp,
her seducer, fastening the crime or abortion upon
Mrs. Hunth. Tho Court voted the evidence inad
missible, and ilie counsel lor the Siaio abandoned
Hie case, on tho grouud that the evidence upon
which ihev relied lo secure a couvictiou was ex
cluded by the ruling of tho Court. The Juiy then,
after a short ousuitauoii, rendered a verdict of not
guilty, aud tne accused was discharged.
IOTHER DEFAULIINQ 8TATE TREASURER.
POST1.AND, Me., Nov. 23, 1171.
n the Supremo Judicial court to-oay Judge
ploy gave iudgment against Elder Peck's bonda
in for a little over $30,000, tho amount claimed by
8 Stat?. l'ock was a defaulting Hiato Treasurer.
0 bondsmen are General Noal Dow, .lo in Ik
nnniuigs, Allen Haines, Ezra Carter, Tnomas U
>0011 (deceased), Milium cnasc ami Isaac Dyer*
0 case goes up to the lull Court on exceptions.
FRANCE.
The Treasury Budget and Project of a
New and Heavy Loan.
Financial History of ths Bepublie and the Debts
and Credits of ths French Nation.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW TORI HERALD.
Pa rib, Nor. 23, 18T1.
The Minister or Finance, M. Pouyer-Qaertler, has
almost completed his estimates for the national
budget, which will be submitted to the Lett- lative
Assembly at the opening ol the session.
In this State paper the Minuter will call for a
fresh loan of too,oj ,o*)f.
Financial Resources of the Republic?Debts
nnd retllta or the French Nation.
The nu I (ret plan of the French Minister of
Finance lor the proposition of a new loan, of the
amount of 400,000,0001., on the occustou of the
assemblage of the National Legislature, renders
the occasion of ita anuouncemeut perttue.it for a
rovleir of the monetary condition of ice republic,
Its debts, credits and income,
TH* FIRST LOAN* OK THE KRPUBLia
On the ictn of November. i?7o, M. de Roosay,
delegate of the Ministry of Finance?the departuiuut
being in an unsettled atate at the moment?submit*
ted to the French government the following report:
By decree of Oclo'>er 2S, 1870, the government
auitiori/.e.i a pubiio suheenprtou with me view of
realizing a loan 01 Soj.u ij, .0.1. coutruc ed tit ring* 1
laud, un the same date Instruc 10 is and notices I
wore seut to the ageut 01 the Treasury, u,it 011 uo- I
count 01 the interruptions cauiiM by tiiu war they I
wero only received la dm arondissemeui* 0111 01 -u t, j
*?d I'aris was uuame to participate in lac sun crip-
Uon. rhe subscription was opened on 'lliuixlav,
October 27, ami close I October 2. The sub -cnr>- i
nous amounted tj 9 :,92i.9u?t., leprcsc-nied by? I
139,577 obligations ol 6101.: 4.-il., Obligations or I
2,5uot,; 6.9 obligations ot M.Si.Or.; *14 obligations <?r
25,0u0i. Simultaneously with 1 he call made 011 capi
talists bv the government, 10 provide lor the re
quirements ol me nuiiouui defence, loms tori tie
same oi>joct were issued oy a large number at the
deparUueuts and communes. Tue first 11ts1ul111e.it
of the loan or ftu.uoo.uuuf., lulling due uctolter )l, J
was promptly paid. The preceding results may lie
considered as a proof or the resources 01 tue conn-
try, and a testimony of the couiidcuce in the credit 1
01 tuo state. ijk koussy.
INCOMB AND BXI'KNDITITRKS. j
In the month of .Septemb er, 1871, the French legls- j
lattve body fixed the ordinary expenditure of the
current year at l,d82,5J0,'.'5sf., including the gar
ment or the various annuities anri the survlci or tue
trim lea ary bonds. Tho budget was presented in Oc
tober. The paper set forth that the war, the inva
sion and the insurrection 01 Paris raised the sum to
iL023,245,9541., being a Uiirerenco lor me ordinary
budget or 34u,7t>o,uoof. in round numbers, lite
chaptor 01 the public dent and donations appealed
for lSO.OOO.onof. The ordinary ways and means, In
cluding the receipts arising irom the former sink ng
fund, were originally eautnaicd at 1,800,544,527f.,
wnereas they amounted to l.sr.T.jsi ,4521. the
uew taxes ana surchar.es on old ones ouiht 10
give 420,a .0,0011.; tae sa ptem 111 voted by the
Chamber to cover tue eosi o toe 10a 1 of two iim
hards, and the interest duo on 11 lor the year 1 .1
was ?4 :.j mill onsi 111 nu, 14, millions. ?>u lie
other hand, die oidi mry revenue experienced a re- 1
ductioti ol ii.j7.*5 i, 0 1. on the estimated toiai. and 1
that sum represented the c?utiiutcui o. too terri
lory ceded to Prussia. 1 lie excess of evpuu j.ttiro
over receipts lor tho oroiui v bnngei was
165.934,5.d., th(>30 boing the figures iurm.->hcd oy 1
the Mliiisier or Klnan?'ot the d iv, 'to sum up. iho
budget of extraoriiinari receipts amounted to
1,271,3">4,3.5f., while tunt 0. expenses or the -smc
origin was only 1,178.476,Y4ii I ho ordinary budget
showed u (luflcit of 155,934.5(>2f., so that the republic
was at the inomoat in presence ot a known do- 1
hcieucv of 55,000,0001. for ls7L
M, CUhVALIKIt's COUNT- TilR PAST AND PltMRVT, J
M. Michel Chevalier made an attempt to clear up j
tho money tangle. M. Chevalier tuouahl thai what
It is essenum to find em is tho uurdeu or dent
Franco will have to pay interest on. and to do no no
began at the beginning.
When the flrsi empire was overthrown in tsti the
yeany interest on the consonda cd debt (an 111 live
per ca..ts) amounted to 03,0011,000 franco. Alter mo
Hundred Days it. rose to 105,oou,0oo, uud turner went
no lurtlier lucrense until i"s ,u. Louis 1 upippc's
reign only added 12,000,01m to tho antiuiu ennrge;
tne repubuc 01 134.-. increased It by ,o.x ,000: tuid
the second empire by i2t),oo. ooo. 10 pm, n mora
clearly we give tiro amounts 01 tntctcst on tne cou
BoildateJ debt 111 tubular lorui:?
fwigr,,
"JfcE lS5.iWli.IKS)
l17.Uidi.imO
y%? w.irno
I88J 70 uO
According to M. de la lioiillh rio's repori it was
supposed that tho annual charge would b? raised to
72o,ooo,ojo?a mistake; lorihc iiii.unt o.dy reaches
71 ',5.0,m 0?but M. Wlehel chevalier, wno studied
thin report more ililigeutlv, disenvciod that mis
charge ot 71'.?,uO0,0o0 uierciv represents what mo
Treasury will have to disburse la li.l, and tint It
does not Inc.ude certain exD.ui-cs winch weio 110*
votctl uatll alter ins report was Drawn up: and ii
follows lrom M. Jiirnel ciirvaiior's explanation that
It. de la UoullletiC was not called upou even to esti
mate the increased burden which tue muny loans
contracted by France have pcruiaueutiy eutmled on
her resources.
'these 7i9,ooo,ooor. consist of the following sums:?
r
1. Intereit on debt In 1870 Sdd.W.-o.OoO
2. lliterea on llio lo*ni levied-Firm, by toe Im
|ieri.d (Iivernineiil; KBcodiI, by M. i.MUibetU;
nun in three. the oiberl i air per cents fW.MO.fl 0
S. Iotere-a un tho loan or tw.? mllimrda or i?7i.... 130,043,000
4. luterea: pulii 10 the (liruiam at lira per ueul?
on tne three 11,1 Imrila mill due lo theiu 150,003,001)
5. Inter.n 011 the sum due to the aatero iiuilway
1 ompatty tor the portion of their line* lakeu
by the Ocrmaus 1S.230.0D8
Total 71?,oc.t,i 00
To this lotal 01 7ift.n01,ooor. there mu.v t>e aimed
tiio additional expense accruing lroin the vote of
5i)0.uoo,uO'.if. as au indemnity to luAiepariiuouLi
thai have Buttered from Prussian luvasiou
The I'rcaideiit nnd the Arm v.
Taris, Nov. 23, 1871.
Tho proposed Journey of President Thiers to
Rouen to lay the corner Eione or the new military
establishment at that place has been postponed.
TUB EMBASSY to ositgA.vr.
The name or M. Oontaui-biroa is mentioned m
connection with the position of permanent diplo
matic representative of France at tierliu.
THIERS' RN Ell IKS AND TIIF.IS SENTENCE.
Tltc trial of tho Communists who engaged in the
destruction of the residence or President Thiers has
terminated.
They have all been convicted and sentenced to
imprisonment lor terms rauglng irom two to twenty
years.
THE BOTTOM PALLING OUT OF SCRANTON.
SCIIANTOX, Pa., NOV. 2 1871.
Olive street, between Wyoming and Wasiugton
avenues, in this city, was sunk several inches tins
moruing, in consequence of a cave-la lu tue Ft tie
Brook shaft, within live squares of the main street.
Neat and comfortable dwellings have been pnt up
on Olive street, walks buut, suade trees set out
tud all the snrroundings 01 pleasant homes pro
vided but no soouer lias ihis outlay ol money
been made and these improvements completed
then out goes the bottom, cracslng trie surface tue
spuniercu gia->s. bra-uking opeu ti.e loaudau di wails
and twisting buildings out of all icasouaole mi.uk>.
The couiess'-on 01 a man at iirati 1 Tunnel as
being oue ol six wuo died tne Avondaie breaker
failed to create the least scnsatlou in this city
two weeks ago. ah Irismnau uieu iu Uetievue
in tluscitv who, beiore expiring, reiterated tue very
same confession. Taegeueiai public do not place
auy reiiauue upon tne statements made.
DEATH OF A DENVER EDITOR.
Dbnvek, CoL Nov. 23, 787L
Joseph E. Hood, In 1*44 a leading anti-slavery
editor In New Hampshire, for orteeu years
chief asslstaut editor of the Bprlngneld Rtyulh
llcan, and for two years past one of
the editors of the Roctcu Moun/atn jvew*,
of Denver, died licio this evening from bron
chial consumption, lie was Oily-six years 01 nge,
siM lor twenty-five years has been one of the most
veisuiilo and voluminous as well as oaeof tuo ablest
jouiualista of America.
KENTUCKY.
LOUI8VILL0, NOV. 23, 1371.
The Cumberland and Ohio Railroad to-night with
drew from tho City Council Its pmposltlon to make
the road a Louisville enterprise, on condition that
the city subscribe $1,200,000 to the capital stock.
Tho Louisville, Now Albany and at. Louis Air Lino
Railroad yeatoruay leased perpetually the use of
the New Albany ami LonlsvllJe road across the
bridge. This gives the air line access 10 the etiy.
A proposition has been made 111 tne City Council to
give all tho taxes collected from the negroes to tue
ucgro schools.
The two girls, survivors of the Park tragedy, are
improving. Their recovery will bo almost uuracu
1004 M one has lost a portion of U?r brain*
WASHINGTON.
Minister Schenck and His Mining Ope
rations in London.
Rerenne Reform?Meteorological Reports
Affair* in New Orleans.
WAaanfoT#*, Nov. as, urn.
Minister Soheark and ike Mining Company
la London.
1 The regrets of the London economist,i ?ock
jobbing Journal of Lombard street in thai metro
polis, over the connection of UnLed states Minister
Schenck with a mining company wbaae prospectus
has Just appeared iu London is regarded here, not
only br the state Department out by the foreign
diplomatic body, as a piece of officious im
pertinence, if nothing worse. General Hchcnok
was appointed to his lugn position as
a recognition of bouest and Important
services reudered to bis country, and with lull
kuowledge ihaf, in tne absence or patrimonial acres
aud 01 a lineage reaching back to the bandit davs of
the conquest, he nad endeavored to add to his
Hunted resources tor an approacalng old age by
legitimate investment in lawful and benoratde
enterprise. It is aoi thing but a novelty j
on either side of the water for distin
guished names to appear in the lists
of promoters of schemes of moru doubtful
Import man that now assailed tiirough the official
position ol our Minister to St. Jauios As the
columns o the ?.on <mnn attest tu almost every issue,
noble earls and right honorable prlvr councillors
ars never wantlag to leud tbeir names io swtudllng
Joint stock nuunug*. and It Is not asserted tnat
bcben k's niintug company is of this character.
His connect.on with Hie company is of precedent
'late to tuat ol his unsought appointment
to the London mission, an I mil I something
worse than his exerclsoot the American tendency
to hpecuiiitiou t? brought against bun the official*
of the government fruclr stare that there win bo no
gtounds of complaint that iiiot can recognize.
Iho good undo utauding between the two govern
iiiciiim that richenck aided In bringing about has
not been wi'UKoued tin now. and can hurdly be
worse ancctcd than by such Ill-natured criticisms as
that or iho Loudon Kconomt.it. sucn rraguicnts of
the l.riush legation as are now in town are tne
host authority lor the statement that the journal
named represents nothing but ilio spleen of certain
"buils ami bears" or tne Itoyal Excliango.
Another t.'overninmt l>Hnlc?linti Dim nlty.
The Comptroller ol the Currency lias declared a
dividend of twenty per cent m lavor of the Flrat
National Hank of Now Orleans, payable as scon as j
tho necessary scbeonlcg can be prepared by the i
retcdvrr. iho Del od States cluim lias precedence
for the balance remaining unpaid upon Hie check
ol Thomas I* May, amounting to $2JI,74H, wuicli
was given by him as a collateral security for pay.
tueut o ms iDneoteduoss at iho lime ihc large de- I
laical ion was discovered in the otiico of tire Assist- i
ant Measurer of New Orleans 'Iho government
also clai ma precedence, in audition, for (l:t,4uo in
deposit in tne haiu to tne credit of Ha o ilccra. Tho
above amounts?iiameir, U?-liave, therefore,
been reserved from tlin lunds collected by tho re
ceiver, bciore the declaration of the present divi
dend. If it shall hereafter be decided
by uie courts tnat the whole amount
of the check of Mar la counterbalanced
by his indebtedness to the bang, as is claimed by
the receiver, ibis amount, together with whuL may
here error bo collected, will men i?e otstribuiod In a
financial dividend. The question of tho right or ilio
government to precedence in payment of deposits
made by lis omcera in national banks will probably
go to ilio supreme Court for nnal decision.
It.Lisa AmiTlean Marauders *wippiyiiig Ike
Indiana wlu Liquor.
General Viall, superintendent ol Indian Affaire
for Moniaua. re norm that a band of from sevenly
Ovo to one humlicd hull-breeds from llritlsh
America have established winter quarters in the
vicinity ol Milk Itlvor Agency with the view of
supplying the Indians with liquor aud ammunition.
General t.ibUm has directed a portion of the Nov
euih miantrr io surprise tiiem, spill tnclr liquors,
destroy ibeir huts, bring away wnaiever Is vuiua
bic, ami drive me marauders iroin tne country,
ilii- Tariff on 1 ?.poi-iitiiou*.
John O. Hopper. Secrolary of tlie Revenue Re
form Aaaooutiiou, .\cw York, appeared lo-day. by
request, I eloie tlie senate Fiuauco committee now
in session on Hie iarim no was occuided some two
houis and bad an alienlivo bearing. Borne of the
committee expressed Hieinscivca as well pleased
with the vaiuablo inforination commuuicaied. Mr.
Hopper chioioil fully into the details respecting the
Irregular application of tlie tariff upon imported
merchandise, ue expressed himself entirely satis
fied. wLcu the committee Intend to do all they can
In adjust lug and correcting me presout tariff. Thoy
Invited him to come be.ore them again, wnen Con
gress is iu session, with more information.
I k Merchant Morion ie^Mtnilon*.
In reply to an inquiry whether a vessel sailing
under a certificate ol record under section a, chap
tcr3, purt I, oi the revised regulations, can clear
from a port in the United statei lor the Rto Grande
via another American port to lake on cargo at tne
latter port, aud whether such vessel win be sub
jected lo the payment oi lees prescribed in article 01
or the sauic part ut the latter port, the Secretary or
the 1 icasury says that such vessel can sail to the
latier port In ballast without beiug subject to
charges, as If engaged In tne coasting trade, and
she may clear lUereirout wtta a cargo to a foreigu
port.
Report 'root the Nuvul Observatory.
The official report to the Navy Department from
Rear Admiral Sands, superintendent ot tue Naval 1
Observatory in this city, states that ou the evening
of the lain lust. Professors Darkness aud Ilaie, at.
tacued to the observatory, succeeded in discovering
the spectrum of Encke'a comet, it constated of
two bright bands in the green, in eacn of
wlitco the light was most incense in the I
middle of the breadth by the band, and
shaded off toward each edge. Very satisfactory
measures were obtained of the broadest and bright- j
est ol the bends and they gave for the wave
length* of ibe light at its two edges respectively
five hundred and lour and four nlncty-eiguths mil
llonths of a millimeter. No signs of a nucleus
were discovered and Professor Uartnesa thinks It
may safely be luferred that the comot consists
atmply of a cloud of glowing gas.
A IHpl .m vtlc Reception.
Senor Lopez Roberts, the Spanish Minister gave
a diplomatic dinner a few daye ago at his new pn
vate residence in II street, for tho purpose of intro
ducing to Washington society the new Ministers of
Brazil and Sweden. Among the guests were
Secretary Hamilton Fish, the Minister of Brazil
and his lady, Mr. Gedersbail, the Swedish
Minister, Mr. Northoopc, Vlcomte Villain XII
of the Belgian legation, and other gem
tlemen of the diplomatic corps. Alter alnuor
a gr. at numoer of celebrities or Washington so
ciety came to pay their respects to tne Spanish Min.
ister and his charming wife, who did the honors.
Later in toe evening the distinguished company had
the intellectual treat ol heariug an excellent per
formance on the piano by M. Badry, the celebrated
Italian professor, wno lately arrived in this country.
EUROPEAN MARKETS.
Loudon Monst Ma skit.?London. Nov. b.| !o r
oowi.clo.rd Ms for ;a? (hr;
account. tutted hinti'i ute-twcoir bond*. 1 ui>.
Ut.wS Not. 23-r. ||._R.nl.. alossd M
brv.i^c COTTON Mass?t?Lrvtsroot, Nov. ta
i 01 m?r?M elo?.ii iirnriK. Mlddlinc nn
Ian. la, 0Rd. 0*?l., middling Or I.ana. t;,d. As sal.. 11.?
da.r hara t,?en iVv balsa, including S onu tor ""atiuS
ri'-v:::;1-,?-?
THE COTTON MOVEMENT.
Litrbpool, Nov. 13,1972.
Tho undernamed v.ia.li arrived at thii port with cargom of
American cotton to-day, vii,
H &1S: d*i.
BtoaniyhmCalabrla NtwV ork November it.ka
Bhla WMhiagtwu n.w Oolobw 37.1^73
THE ^WEATHER.
I
Vja IHPARmiTT.
OFFien or ran OuiW*Shim at. Omom,'
WasuinOton, D. 0., Nw 8*?1 A. 8.
Bvnow rortte r*tt neK** ??w*
The barometer Baa risen very .generally sine!
Wednesday night oe the Middle and Hwt Atioube
coast, bat the ares of lushest pr'wsure having
passed northeastward to Maasachvstfws Da/ the
barometer la now rapidly falling t>etwnjn Ahe UiMe
?Ippl and the Atlantic.
Areas of low pressure exlsC Iif Indiana sad- al?v
probably, In tUo extremo Sortliwest, Thtr o'eag
weather ot Thursday Is now succeeded by enow and
rain from Tennessee 10 Lake title and to uf
Michigan, with increasing sonikeast winds on
lower lakes. The baruineter una rdttendedda
on the Pacific coast, witu light winds and
Snow couttuues at the Kocky Mountain stations.
tVOtXlbt IIt if A,
The barometer will probably fall lirtfSM Middle aaA
Eastern states, witn increasing southeast wnMand
rain, on Friday. Low barometer, witu eland abwj
prevail on tbc lakes, wlin considerable- ideal
winds, not necessarily dangerous. Kisutg lis
tor, with westerly winds *nd cloartng wowMe%
trout Alabama to Texas. Dangerous wiutis atw ned
anticipated tor oar coast to nigut, exceu poestoQr
m southern Texas.
The Weather la This t'lty Yeatardayv
The following record will ehow the change*-?
the temperature for the past tweutr-four nourdha
comparison with the corresponding day of last vtmr,
as Indicatod by the thermurnoter at IliidnttWh
l'barmucy, Urkai.ii iiinl'liiig, corner of Ann street:?
lHVo. 1871. 1870. 1871.
8 A. M 83 08 8 P. M 47 W
(1 A. M 81 38 OP. M ..47 dl
8 A. M 83 3d P. M 48 4i
13 M 84 40 12 P. M 46 81'
Average temperature yesterday 41 jg
Average temperature lor corresponding date
last year 4*M>.
THE LATE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR DUNK
Nkw Ori.RAN*. Nov. 23, 1871.
All public omces, courtk aud schools wore cloaadr
to-day In honor of the late Lieutenant uow
ernor Dnnn. Tne Mineral procession waa veep
large, and was composed of tne national.
Stnto and city olhcluls, the miluary, Masonic sat
political social les, several bands of music and hun
dreds of civilians in carriages, extend mg inaay
squares. An immense concourse asseinbleii 048
Canal street, Irom cump streui to Desbigug street
LOOK OUT FOR SQUALLS.
Cincinnati. Nov. 23, 1871.
A general enow storm prevails throughout th
West and Northwest. At midnight four and a bal
inches arc reported on the ground at St. Louis, oat
It Is snowing heavily ucrc.
A RAILROAD COLLISION AT NORWICH.
Norwich, Conn., Nov. 23, 1871.
Tne Norwich end Worcester freight train UmI
night ran Into six loaded freight cars ataudingew
the Hldo track Ave miles below this dtp.
All the latter were forced from tliotr trucks
and inc engine penetrated the first one hall of ISA
length. The engine was completely wrecked. TM
engineer aud tlrcmnn lumped oir before the eat'
lisioii, ami no one but the tormer was injured. aaA
he but slightly.
NEW PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.
Prom Maclean. Gibson A Co.?"Woman's
sion as Mother and Ednoaior. witn Views In oppn
all Ion to Woman's Stun-ago," by Catharine
Itoeoner; "Diseases of Women: Their Causes, Pre.
yention and Radical Caret" by George 11. Tagltfh
M. I>.
From Patrick Donation, Boston?"A Compendia?,
of Irish History," by M. F. Cnsack; "Heview, of
Treatise on Infant Baptism" ny Thomas 0. Prlie?
ard, D. D., pastor ol the Ualetgb Baptist church, i*
Rev. J. V. McNaiuara. pastor of bt. John's Ho?
Caiholic church. Raleigh, N. C.
From T. w hi (taker A Co.?"Claude Spencer nnA
Waddles," and "TUo Vagabond," bj Mrs. V. Mass
shall Ward.
From Hunt A Houghton?"Speeches on PoUUeaA
Questions,-' by George W. Julian; with an uttm>
ductlon by L. Maria Child.
From T. U. Peterson A Brothers?"Life of ChaitOB
Dlcxens," by Dr. R. Hiiciton Mackenzie.
From J. M. fttoddaft A Co., Philadelphia?"LOWhh
ot Famous Men."
VIEWS OF THE PAST.
NOVEMBER 24.
1870?TliionviHe Burreiicercd to the Germans,
18C3?Hal tie of Chattanooga commenced; General
Hooker's lorces move Uie tones of the rcMR
(iciieiai Bragg rroni Lookout Morutam,
1848?Pouo Pius IX. fled from Rome, in disguise^
Uacto.
1672?John Knox, the Scottish Reformer, died hi
Rdlttbufg.
THE WEEKLY HERALD.
The Cheapest and Best Novrspaper In
Cauntry,
The Wexkly niRAi.n or tho present wcok,:
ready, contains a splendid cartoon, togeUtav
with the very latest News by Telegraph from
All Parts or the World up to the bonr of publication
including full particulars or tho Reception of tan
Grand Duke Alexis in mis elty and at Washlngtoat
a Grand Description or Brlgham Voting's ilareaaf
the Mormon Prosecutions; Destruction of (tin
steamer City of New London; the Southern KM
Kiux; the Wrecked Whalers; the camp Grant Mm
sacre; a Heartless Murderer;'the Crash In Tammany
Bank Stocks ana South Carolina Finances. It alM
contains tho latest news by telegraph from Was?
Ingtou; Fashionable, Political, Literary, Artisu^
Sclentiuo, liehglous and sporting Intelligence!
Obituary Notices; Amusements; Chronoiogicalf
Facettm; Editorial Articles on the prominent toplaA
of the day; Our Agricultural "Budget; Reviews af
the Cattle, Horse, Dry Goods ami Boot and Sao*
Markets; Financial and Commercial IntelligenoA
and accounts of all the Important and interosHnp
events ot the week.
TitansSingle subscription. $2; Three copies, |6f
Five copies, $8; Ten copies, $16; Single copies, to*
cents each. A limited number of advertisement*
inserted in the Weeklt Herald.
DM.
IlAzii.?At his lata resilience, 435 Second it?
one, Patrick 11a7.ru 'he i,en>veH nrutner of
an<l J. K. Ilazei, In tue zsth year of Ma aw.
Notice of runerai In to-morrow'a papers.
[For othei? Deaths see Ninth Page.]
A.?Citizen* and Mrnnnera Who Reeiro a
tasty and elegant HAT, of auperlor quality, should naff al
harhNSCUhlD'S, Manufacturer, lie Mumu Street.;
A.?Herring's Patent
OHAMPIOM SAFES,
til duadway, cord?r Murray sue*
A.?Pbalou'o ?ew Permutes,
i| lovk Y?>U"
and "WHITE R(WlV*
A.?Tiffany ft Co.,
Union square,
Diamond Merchant*
Cbolea Solitaire and matched stooee of extra fiae quaMfe
A eery large aaaortmenl of mounted end uaaoeiM
Stooee.
A.?There I* Ne Foundation Whatever ftf
tba atory that Prince Alexia, on leaving Russia, provided hinge
self with a suillvlenl number of hate to do Mm until lile ir
turn. In answer to Me imperial lather'a advice ibal ha
abould do be aennt.lv replied that he would rather 00
vide blmaeir at KNOJt'8 raiooua Uat Emporium, SU Braaft
way, from whence be would alao bring a eupply borne..wtth
him.
Hook* AI moat (liven Away.?167,434 Baehh
on band. Catalogue, No. 27, free.
LhcOAT BROTHERS, No. Keekma* gtnML

Rerhe'e Kltch, n Rnn/je* Never Pali.
They roaat, bake, broil and furnish plenty of V>t water-tha
kitchen an,l t.ath, *46 for No,) largest family vile.
JAN hit A ElKTLAN'j, Hoe. 8,1 and lOEeadasllwt
C'rlatntloro'a H'ur Dye has no Fqttal la lb*
world; Hit the safer', and most reliable of any. Sold t
where
For Dinmy.ndia, Watches and Jewelry, Da ta
QEORUK 0. AliliKN, Ml Broadway, near Konrtaeeth liir|>T
I.mlleeh, Itllasea'. (Jetiilenirn'*, aad Reyp
Boots, She.M, Wedding Gaiters, ToUet Blips. India Kuhbae*
MIULhK A CO., Union square.
'fVfgmer Prntt, the Wonderful Horse Rile,
155?'. will bandle two kickers to-night; alao educata twe
1?* .te horses to trot In SB minutes, at his academy. corner
t'hirty-uau I ueeti at 1>g o'cuck. Ulaaa now