.Contintd froin Fivet Page.
I
Ei
i.
going, hat be, want A 10 or 55. Aho. 3h Way High bud
0 x jod Ww
foen a7 ab. Potter wat ex
reed pou no the Beky. Potter then started off and
th of the ‘ash stared and
1 's bouse. The hy de! and Orrin,
got their new and we started and went south we
camath Qonterst. Then we turned west 4 Pwo!
through the west gate, aud then turned south, we
Sema W the Full, Sug 5h du, we sto
there a» few minutes to look for some
that I left there, and my gun. While we
were we beard a un fired the boys asked what
the was fired for. I told them that I Wousht it was
OF thelr father, who was waiting for them, and
the Doys “ld; en we bad better goon; we started
and Ary SOULH-west course across the eld, till wa
cams to the Btdte road. We got into the Btate road
Sraviied so and when we came to Dry Creek or Dry
Holkbw I for Potter—I called Duff, and no one
susnereds he yard on aul bo tare Bear the
earner, Duff agal 1 wioe.
FOTO OBE a Saallel T could Bot tell by the voice who it
was—it was very low sound. Just ss the person
spoke thers wad a i fired near the corner of the
fence; the ball hit Beason Parrish. I and the two
Parrish boys were walking together abreast. I was near
the fence, and Orrin was ext to me, and Beason was
outside near tho middie of aon frnck. Beason was
west of myself and Orrin, and the shot came from the
south-east, Tha Shot suck Beason. Jn he fell. I
sprang back to the right, and Orrin passed behind me;
I spoke out at the time, but I do not recollect the words
iS vo ML pe Sido oe a oN I
n ence, and I
11t8 the hollow where It crosses the street. Orrin started
back north. While I was in the hollow I saw some one
who started after Orrin. This ig sprang from the
fence just as I was going to the hollow. As he came
nto the street, partly on the run, he shot. From the
Huabygif the Son it appeared to be pointed north. This
persdn called me, he said: Durfee, you need not be
Meal, it was al} right—he started then right’ on toward
the Sy. 1 went into the city through the south gate.
After I got into the city, this man that I saw in the road
with he gun came to me and said that he had done the
job; he said that I need not be afraid of him because he
said be would not hurt me, This man was William Bird. I
want on till I came to the wis ily iki Cyrus Band
ford, and I told him that there some shooting,
that I Lalieved thet Beason was shot, and Sandford then
took me into enstody, and took me to the Bishop's yard
and called for the captain of we Polles, Mr. Carnes, and
delivered me foto his charge. I remained there till
about 11 o'clock at might. ot
THE BISHOP IMPLICATED.









William Bird, after I left him, wént rizht into the
Bishop’s house. Bird's clothes were poyme bloody. I
don’t know what went on the baance of the evening.
Bird washed the blood off his ¢*dthes, and he and Wilber
Bar)! went away soon togetiver from the Bishop’s. Isaw
the blood on Bird's riothes. William Bird told me, a
short time atterward, that he was called on by Potter to
go out there with him, and to do this deed that bad been
wowmmitted; he did not tell me who was with him but
Potter and Pimeelf. Sanford Faller, a mouth or two
Mtanctold mo be had been called on to go, but did net
Koi eaid Potter had borrowed his gun to go With
ird; told we that after we, went out with Potter ‘that
Potter went and found Parrish, and that they came
down to the coruer together, and that he, B'rd, was
tying ix the corner of the fence; as Parrish ard Potter
wniged aloug the fence he, Bird, said be shot Potter,
«Lbom he supposed to be Parrish; that after
he, Bird, had shot, he got up sud wanted to
know if it was him that had shot; he raid
Parrish had kis gun in bis hand, and laid
it down, and joey {Farrish and Bird) clinched together.
As they clinched Bird drew his knife, and worked the
best he could in stabbing Parrish. Bird said, after Par
rish was down, be gave kim a lick which cut his throat.
He never sad auythir g about any other persons being
there Jeiping bin, Bird said, after he got through wit
the oid mun, he tok Potter's gun and his own and got
in the corner ¢f the fence again to be ready for us. He
said he laid ‘here ull we came up—the two Parrish
boys aud myself. Then he sald he fired and he
saw 006 Zall; he said he was afraid the person he had
shot Would run off, and he fired at him again. When
Or~n and I started, he said he same out from the fenca
znd shot at Orrin. He said he saw me, or he supposed it
was me, when I ran into the hollow; he asked me if I
heard Lim call for me; I told bim I did. He wanted to
know why I aid not come to him; I told him I did not
like to; that I did not know what it meant in regard to
their shooting. The next Worplng atier the murder, I
heard Bishop Johnson and Bird ng together, and he
blamed Potter and Bird for no going further
away with them; the Bishop said he wanted I should be
satisfied about the affair, and not tell who was in it;
that if I did they would serve me in the same way; Idid
notXnow that the Parrishes were to be killed. I sup
osed from what Potter told me they were to be brought
ey In the second meeting which I attended there
were some of them that said there were some of them
thas would see the blood run. It was Wilson Bird that
called me Durfee. Bishop Johnson, some two or three
daya before the murder, told me to take a gun out with
me. The Parrishes had no gun,
The morning when the hearing of myeelf and Orrin
Parrish was before John M. Stewart, I knew that Bird
waa the man, but I was afraid to state it. Rio) Jobhu
son told me that orpivg what evidence I should give
and be raid if I told what I heard that night they would
send me the same way. I stated to the Justice what the
Bishop told me to say. (Signed) ABRAM DURFEE,
TESTIMONY OF OREIN E. PARRISH.
Qrrin E. Parrish bemg sworn, ays: Was 20 years old
fast July; lived with fathér's family in Springville in
March, 1857; family consisted of father, mother, and six
ehiidren eldest brother, Willlam Benson, was aged 22;
mext lived in James O’Bannion’s double house; we lived
in one end, O’Bannion in the other; we came here from
QOounecil Bluffs.
Father, brother, and Potter were murdered on the
evening of March 14, 1857. About 8 week before the
murder, Wm. Johnson, Mr. Metcalf, and a person whose
name I do not recollect, came to father’s as teachers, and
questioned father about his religion; whether he prayed,
and what he intended to do; don’t recollect all that Was
sald, but they did n't seem pleased with father’s answers.
PRELIMINARY THEFTS,
A night or two after our four horses and carriage were
stolen from the stable. We found two of the horses be
fore father’s death in Kim. Bullock’s stable, in Provo.
Got them back from the Bishop after father’s death.
Bullock said they were put in his stable at pigat, and he
did not know by whom. Lysander Gee of Tooele City
has the other horses. Baw him last Fall riding one of
them, and another man the other, in Echo
Kanyon, five or six days after father's death.
Two or three days before the murder Wilber
J. Earl and Abram F. McDonald came to our house,
called father out, and went across the street behind an
unfinished house belonging to cousin. Witness started
to follow, but was driven back by A. F. McDonald, who
sald they wanted to talk privately to father, Mother
went over into the house and returned in about ten
minutes. Father soon after came in. Father afterward
wrote on a Plece of oe what was said to him, Wit
ness thinks it read about as follows:
Abram F. McDonald and Wilber J. Barl says that I (William R, Par.
rish Rill acvas sec 17 L187 horse az) wore, dad if I start to the city to
by Sh Young 1 will never live to get there.
PLAXNING AN ESCAPE.
Abraham Durfee was at our house frequently after the
1st of March up to the time of the murder he lived half
smile away; pretended to father that he could not
stand Mormonism any longer, and that he wanted to get
out of the conntry. Durfee and Potter were there almost
every aay. The arrangement wss Aually made that
Ib a ue Fn Salo as
on A ey mat.
ter over, and concluded chat it would not be safe $0 start
in daytime if we did we should be followed, and killed as
apostates. fe was arranged to go out after dark, sud meet
Bs quatise of b south of the city wall, at a
corner of the lane fence.
and Potter were at our house at 10 o'clock on
the of the murder. Durfee was there also at 2
o'clock, when he and father left, directing us boys to
meet agein after dark. Durfee came back hefore dark
and again after dark; the last Sime De said father sent
Foi Jo mothe to Scud ub Out, w ready or not.
Du brother started I remained at the door talk
ing to mother a minute or two, then overtook them; we
went out larough south gate of city wall. Two persons
followed us on the ktreet. Did not Talk much. Brother
ad I carried bundles of provision and ammunition.
THE MURDERS,
Durfee left us at the gate; sald he was golng home to
get Lis gun directed us to ge to south-west corner of
city wall; went as directed. I saw no person; heard
them inside the wall. Durfee came to us with his gun,
and asked brother to go with him to get some things that
he said he Lad hid out during the be returned in
ten minutes and said be could not find the things. While
they were abserit a gun was fired, apparently about at
the eorneref the lane fenoe where we were to meet.
Whan 3015 Sot back I asked what it meant, Durfee said
some Indians might be esmped down there. Then he
took a south-east course toward the corner where we
ware to meet; crossed the fence 100 or 200 y&rds north of
the into the road. After we got into the road
oe ealled out, “a Dut, Duff,” three times,
then stopped and looked
side of the road. No one an
Immediately
's Taide same) I er
Ww.
Durfee, brother furthest away and ahead Bares
Durfee had a blanket and black kat on, and had a gun
and revolver. Brother ad a black baton. Durfee knew
we bad uo arms. Durfee said, “My God! what does
this mean i” I was close to blm, but atepped away.
Durfee drew up his gun aud poriid itat me, and the cap
I went further from Durfee. Another gun
was then fired at the corner of the fence; them two or
three other shots were fired, one ball p
box I Cartridge-bo
assing
fatiridge, had op. show
Bole in it.) 3 Bie
the fence and ran for the city; eli the wall
ats where it was about seven feet h and was
eoverely injured in getting off when I crossed Hobble
Creek d persons dehind ask which wy 1 went;
ras to uncle’s house; some 10 or 12 men were standing in
the street, lize po the leflf got la so quick they could
not catch mie; uncle, ant, 'and cousins were ut home;
toldghem that n hed been shot; asked uncie te go
and see if he was pcle was afraid to go; got
Bredks to go: be ve fu 20 minutes, and Sala Se
went to the guy fie. where he was met by a lot
a gun or pistol was
is brother W
1:6 to see if were
not look at us or notice us at al. At Big Cot
tonwood we were tired of carrying our blankets,
there we turned right west through the willow patches.
Earl wanted to ge that way, and would go no otlhier. We
Peace: ap oe 30 wen woro hers: Durfee aad wets
H or were there.
sworn, nm was examined firet; don't recollect sil
be said; he sald he suaphed a cap at the enemy.
told ‘them I knew not ng about it more then
affce had stutod that saw nobody, but
#w somethiug dark toward tho corney of the
fence. My uncle gut a chance to ak me In
the morning, and be told me to say that 1 kne acting
dai if wey do out that I knew
il me, the reason 1 fs 4
discharged me. voice I heard at thi the
fence calling “Durfee” was Carnes’s voice; he
s peculiar vole; 1 knew it well,
hat cannot be mistaken. The dead bodies were
at the meeting or school when we were Sworn;
father add 1 ‘she middle; iis throat was out; the body
was covered up. Brother fell forward, when shot, on his
bands; five or six shots were fired; there were four ball
holes in brother's cosas, entering on one side of the breast
and SOmILk Sut on the bark, {Cok produced and \gen
tified.) ever suspected Durfee's treachery until
inted the gun at me, Heard father say that Durfee’s
Be had been threatened. They were murdered at @p. m.
AFFIDAVIT OF JOSEPH BARTHOLOMEW,
EC v—
JUSTIOE IN- UTAH.  |sgifwimen HOME NEWS.
i id the ——t—
wi A apd told tors shay their (atber
said to cotne to him as eoop as they got
ready. Twas there, came to the hogs or
Territory of Utah es. Utah County: Joseph Bartholo
mew of Springfield, in the County of Utah aferesaid, be
ing duly sworn deposes and says:
Duff Potter came to me and notified me to attend a
meeting at Bishop Johnson’s, about tbe 1st of March,
1857, In pursuance of that notice we met at Bishop
Johnson's, in a private council meefing. I do not recol
lect what was done at this first meeting, there was
merely some talk about persons leaving and matters
and things connected theréwith, of which I do
not remember the partioulgrs. In about a week after
that they met again, and gt that meeting Potter and
Dut feo Nuss Suid oft, b 0s selected for she
of finding out was going on. At the meeting the
conversation wae aboat the Parrishes and about
persons at the Indlan farm. The meeting was
called to enter into arrangements to find vut
what these persons bbb to do. That is
what I understood was the purposes of these
two meetings. 1did net attend any meetings after this.
At this meeting it was not known what the parishes in
tended to do, and nothing wes decided sn in regard to
them. Bishop Johgson made a Temazk, howeve, tot
some of us would yet see the red stuf run,” He raid he
had a letter, and the remark was nade by some one
that dead men tell no tales.” I do net know whether
any other meetings were held or pot.
THE FPARRISH MURDERS,
The same night that the Parrishes were killed at about
9 o'clock I'was notified by Carnes to go home and get my
gun. Iasked hina what was up. He said there was
enough up. I wns just returning from a public meeting
which had beet held that night; they did not tell mo
what they Wanted with me. Bishop Johnson, Lorenzo
Jolmoon: A. F. McDonald, Mayor; John M. Btew
art, Justi’e of the Peace; Wilber J. Earl, Alderman;
now Captain of Police; Andrew Wiles, William Bird,
Lorin F.oundy, Simmons Curtis, Abraham Durfee, Du
Potwr, and myself were at the Council mecidigy, and
otly.r persons d do not remember the names of. ore
were at least 15 present. I went and got my gua and
came back, and was told to take my post an watch
west of Parrish’s house three rods; I was told
to stay there and watch if Orrin came back. I Stayed
there some 10 or 15 minutes, when I was noti to
repair to the school-house; I don’t remember who noti
fled me. When I got there, there was a cqmpany formed
there with a wagon and team. We were ordered to
march south, down the lane, formed as a guard in front
of the team; I did not know at that time for what pur
Pave. When we got out at the south gate I learned
hen what was Ihe When we reached the bodies
we were 4 form then into two companies, one
to go to the south-east and one to
the west. I went to the west side of the street from
where the bodies vy They were on the east side and
wo wore on the west side. The street is eight rods wide.
The Sompaviey were divided before we came to the
bodies, ere were two persons beside myself in the
company I was with and about three in the other, There
were some 10 or 15 altogether that went out. Of these I
remember the following: A. F. McDonald, John
M. Btewart, Philo Dibble, George McKenzie went as
teamster: Davis Clark, Simmons Curtis, John Dalet,
Moses Daley PY and John Curtis. Carnes, the Captain
of Police, called’ ue Logeines and told us to start out.
While I and the two with me were standing as guard,
the others went and found the bodies. When the budies
were found we were called together, and I saw the
bodies of Potter aud William Parrish lying
side by side. The body of Beason Parris
was lying about 60 yards to the soutb
east of the other bodies, from the corner of the fence.
The bodies were put iuto the wagou, and taken to the
school-house, The bodies were searched, and a note
taken of the effects found on the bodies, the pocket
books, knives, &c. A goa was pak around the school
house that Hien) was called to take charge
of the house and to wash the bodies and lay them out.
Edward Hall and Thomas Cordingly (since dead) assi-ted
me. Old man Parrish was cut all over with kuife
wounds.
ATTEMPTS TO KILL BARTHOLOMEW.
There have been several attempts to put me ont of the
way. Last Fall wasa year ago I was called upon to go
with [four men up the cafion to look for some valley.
When we got to the camp one of the men asked me to go
with him to hunt bear. Their pian was for him to lead
me round to a Jiase where the others would kill me, and
say it was the Indians. As I went out, however,
1 could see their maveuverings and 1 Suspected s0Ine
thing 80 when we got on a piece, I left him, ahd going
another course returned to Faih. When I Eo ere
found the men with whom I started, and the others
were all gone, When the other wen cane back they
saddled up their horées and went to a more con
venient camp. Abraham Durfee, Wilber J.
Earl. Nelson £Dagforg and Lehi Curtis were with me.
In the night, a r dark they tied nw horse in an Jen
ing where the igus of the fire would shine on him. Wher
we went to get our horses they said they would take
their guns. I said I would take my gun, too, and went
out, but took care to keep out of the light of the fire. 1
found my horse tied, but got him loose without getting
into the fire-light. They then wanted me to come
where Hey were,” and that woudd have brought me
into the light, but I refused and tied him elsewhere, The
guards were arranged so that Spafford and I were on the
rst guard. I watched them all very narrowly ana satis.
fied myself from their movewents that they had deter
mined to kill me; so Dapng some excuse I went out with
ny jon and ran off. After traveling some time I
laid down and Slept. The next url traveled through
the brush as much as possible. Toward evening, how
ever, I was headed by four men on foot, and chased by
them until dark. The next worning I found some men
getting wood, and came home with thew, When I got
back I met Earl gud ihe Bishop, and they told me I was
orgy.othal noting of the ort Was thought of.
It all passed off well enough until two weeks ago, the
second time that Marshal Dotson came to my house;
then Andrew Wiles and Sanford Fuller came to me and
told me I must go into the mountains. I started from
Oliver McBride's. The two McBride boys (Oliver and
Harlin), the two Curtis's (Uriah and Lelii), Wm. McBride,
and Wm. Johnson, were at the house. Two of
them followed me until I went up the wmoun
tain about 80 rods; I then stepped to one side,
into a little kind of a cailon, and got
away 3p mong the rocks tillthey passed hy and lost
me, I n came down the mountaiu again and went
about sulla mile north and went up Rock canon, This
was on Fri oA Rigut; on Bunday night I came into town
and went to Ur B Crtis’s; here they notified me again
that I must go to Wilber J. Earl and Abraham Durfee. I
was notified by Wm. Johnson, the Marshal, by Uriah Cur
tis, Harlin McBride, and Wm. Bird. We then proeeeded,
Oliver and Harlin McBride and myself, out to where
Earl and Durfee were, up Hobble Creek a piece. As soon
as we got there Win, Bird and J. Curtis came to us with
an xpress that we must go to the city. They would not
tell who the counsel was m, but said it was counsel,
and we were not to be seen SY uy living being, but were
to travel at night and lay by in the day-time and keep to
tbe mountains.
We started and traveled along the mountains, and
sainped the first morning between Battle Creek and the
mouth of Provo cafion,qup in a little caion. The next
night we crossed over the mountain near Mountainville,
and S4inped the next flay at Dry Creek, in Balt Lake
Valley. re Wilber J. began to fet uneasy about
noon, aud wished to go on. Durfee and I moon’ fry but
Earl would go on, and we finally consented;
then, instead of obeying what Durfee and I had
understood as counsel, to keep out of eight of men, he
took a straight course for Cottonwood Fort. When we
19 within about a half mile of the fort Earl took off
8 pistol-belt and buckled it on again so that his pistol
would be right in front, and then wanted us to go up in
the willows above the fort and wait there unt night.
It had been Sowing all the time since we started, and
was still Sowing, urfee and I believed that there was
4 plan laid to kill us right there, and we would not
go, but determined to go past the fort. When I got op
Jostie the fort I stopped, and asked then whether the
tended to kill and butcher me, and told them that i
believed that was their intention. They both denied it
Duitively, and Rar said that I must be crazy again.
About a mile past Cottonwood Fort a man passed us
until he got out of sight. When he passed us he did
ew. YER KD AIF OFRIBUNR! RDA DEFOBER’ 87 717
EE ECIY RK GGA aa MIT vadd wr TV WE Rede TP Y— rg “Tr PY YN
THYRMOMETER YESTERDAY.
Pam. Nog Sp wm, Midn'ght,
we (73 8)
HIGH TIDR TO-DAY.
[ong Braneh, Rocka: Jay andl
way, snd Coney, id N, Y. Baths, Flashing, 1. 1.
am. b a.m Hy am. p.m.
0:18 50 sd 1: 3:48 “0
WEATHER PRORPECTS POR THM VICINITY.
Bee Fifth page.)
EB RARNEBINE BRAT BARN
Clarendon Hotel—Gov. Hoffman and Miss
ara Louise Kellogg. Hoffman House—Controller
Nichols, Albany, and ex-Mayor Fargo of Buffalo,
Bturtevani Holel—Ex-Benator Fowler of Tennessee, s===3
Gilsey Howse—Gen, C. H. T. Collis of Philadelphia,
Albemarle Hotel-Ex-Revenue Commissioner David A.
Wells. St. James Hotel—Recorder Pollock of Wash
fofton. Grand Ceniral Hotel ~4adss Clagion of
Missouri, e=== Meiropoliian olel-_Lehator arden
betih of Kingston, N, Y, Ho venue Holel—
Ju igo Comatock of fyracn Gen, Albert J. Myer Chief
of the Sigma) Service, UB. A, and Joby Farwell
of ee 81. Nicholas Hpiei—R. M. Reynolds
State Auditor of Alabama, the Ho  Jpcos M, Boovel of
New-Jersey, Willlam Mullins of Pike exh, ‘Gen, R, D,
Johnston of North Caro dward Bottle of Philadel
phis, Henry C. Kelsey, Boexdtary of Btate of New-Jorsey,
and Viscount de Valoonrt of Puris. Aslor House—
Judge J. 8. Black of Penusy and Commander Earl
Eisiian, U. B. Navy. Bn Howse—Froderick
Billings of Vermont gid of Boston.
8 BPA Shia SIN I ay ww po 4
the of the
American Institute, 86 different kids of agricultural im
plemente, and 74 ditorent Xinds of steam-pumps.
The Junior Class of the College of the City
of New-York will give an entertatnment in aid of the
Chicago sufferers, at Association Hall, this evening.
Two hundred and forty-eight thousand tuns
of freight passed over the ralls of the three roads of
which the Paseerfor terminus is the Grand Central De
pot, during Augus last,
The Stadt Theater, in the Bowery, will be
pulled down next year, or be converted to some other
The Jroperey is too valuable—not to speak of
unfitness—for a play-house.
ts
Nearly 150 weekly journals of various kinds,
many of them devoted to special interests in trade and
commerce, are published in this eity, though hardly 20
are known to the average reader.
There were consumed at a single beergar
den in the Bowery during the three Summer months,
8,300 kegs of or 324,000 whieh, at five cents
per glass, ost [he fmbibars $16,200.

A correspondent of a Western journal says
Cornelius Vanderbilt has given $60,000 to the Chicago Re
lef Fund, and that George Law has given $25,000. The
fact has not been made known here,
It is difficult to conceive of a street in worse
condition than South Fifth-ave, Besides being unpaved,
it is full of obstructions that remind one forcibly of the
primitive highways of Western New-York.
Edwin Booth and Henry Palmer of Niblo’s,
as soon as they learned of the destruction of Chicago,
8 ent $1,500, in one-dollar notes, to the Relief Committee
of that city, for distribution among the greatest suf
ferers.
T wo wooden buildings, one at the foot of
West Twelfth-st. and the other in West near Dey-st., are
in course of erection in this city in violation of a Corpor
ation ordinance, and with the connivance of the Tam
many officials.
Flowers are cheaper, prettier, and more va
ried here than in any city of the world. Nowhere else In
this country can bonquets be purchased in the strect for
a mere song. The Broadway flower-stands are one of the
many peculiar features of the great thoroughfare,
Speculators from Chicago have been and are
still busy in New-York buying up such articles as the
burned city most requires. One enterprising speculator
is reported to have purchinesd all the Printing and job
[Resses in town with the intention of selling them at a
ge advance in the home market,
For some unaccountable reason the little
English sparrows which have filled the Parks and trees
for several years, have disappeared this season by thou
pandas. It is suggested that, inasmuch as they wero re
garded as city pyroperty, they entertained fears of being
stolen by the Ring, and so flew off to some honest region.
The New Reformed Church at Madison-ave.
and Fifty-seventb-at. will be dedicated on Sunday
morning, the gervices including a sermon by the Rev, H,
D. Ganse, pastor, a dedicatory prayer by the Rev. Dr,
Thomas DeWitt, and an address by Chancellor Ferris,
In the afternoon the Rev. Dr. Ormiston will preach, aud
the Rev. Dr. Rogers will make an address.
~The Executive Committee of the Committee
of Reception of the Grand Duke Alexis will not consider
any applications for private boxes at the Academy of
Music on the occasion of the ball to be given im honor
of His Imperial Highness, unless they are made through
8. J. Macy or Heury Bergh, who have been authorized
to act as a sub-committee for letting the boxes.
The Sanitary Committee to whom had been
referred the petition of several ship-owners that their
vessels—the ship Graham's Polly, from Cronstadt,
Russia, and the barks Washington and A. Kobb, from
Hamburg, Germany—should be allowed to come from
Quarantine to this city, reported adversely yesterday to
the Board of Health, on the grouid that the cargoes con
sisted of eotion-<lippinge and cast-off clothing, collected
in the interior of Europe at a time when cholera was
epidemic.
Several benevolent gentlemen have con
tributed during the Bummer toward the construction of a
spacious green-house in connection with theRivington-st.
Industrial School and Boye Lodging-Housre, and the green
house, stocked with choice plants, was opeted yesterday
in the presence of the officers of the Children’s Aid Bos
ciety, In one of the rooms was a large collection of
plants, which had been distributed kImoILE families in the
neighborhood during the past year, and which were re
turned for temporary inspection.
The American Baptist Missionary Association
of Colored Preachers has been holding its 81st annual
convention during the week, at the Concord-st. Baptist
Church, in Brooklyn. Yesterday, the Association met at
the Shiloh Church, 1n this city, in conjunction with the
American Educational Association. Alou 80 delegates
from various States were present, beside the members of
the Educational Association. The Treasurer reported
the receipt and disbursement of #35449 81. A strong
resolution in favor of total abstinence was adopted.
Mrs. O'Leary of Brooklyn visited the build
ing No. 133 Nassau-st,, yesterday, to consult with her
lawyer. As she was passing down the dark stairway,
which has no hand-rail, she fell down the steps to the
ground floor, tearing out her ear-rings, knocking out her
front teeth, and dislocating her wrist. When picked ug
she wus lusensible, and her face was covered with bloo
and horribly disfigured. 8he was sent howe in a car
riage. The Nussuu Bank, which owns the building, has
been Defestedly requested by the occupants to erect a
hand-rail to the stairs, as this 18 not the first accident of
the kind which has occurred there through lack of oue.
BROOKLYN.
The mew drive in Prospect Park will be
thrown open to the public in a few weeks.
Several ladies of the Eastern District have
subscribed $81 for the relief of the Michigan sufferers,
The Kings County institutions at Flatbush
contain 2,515 inmates, and the Small-Pox Hospital 77
patients,
The Atlantic Fire Insurance Company has
suspended business, Its losses by the Chicago fire were
$500,000, and its assets are $575,000.
Theodoric B. Pryor, age 20, of No. 153 Wil
low-st., son of Gen. Roger A. Pryor, disappeared on Bun
day last, and the police of Norwich, Conn., telegraphed
Jeuterdiay that a person answering his description had
.n arrested at that place. He is thought to be slightly
deranged.
The second anniversary of the Sunday-School
Union took place last evening at the Rink, in Clermont
ave. The vast building was tastefully decorated with
banners and flowers, and was crowded with Bunday
school scholars of the city and their friends. Addresses
were made by the Rev, Dr. John Hall of New-York, Geo.
H. Stuart of Philadelphia, the Rev. H. M. Gallaher, and
the Rev. Dr. 8cudder. A choir of 1,100 children occupied
seats upon the stage, and delighted the assemblage with
sougs and hymns composed for the vceasion.
which were wet and heavy, and left them at a black
smuith’s shop. We went on to Gardner's Mill, apd from
went across untill we came to a dam to turn water into a
mill race, and here saw a man sitting down, and when
he saw us coming he raised up aud then silp down
again behind the dam out of sight. As he raised up we
LONG ISLAND.
JAMAICA. ~The mail train on the Long Island
Railroad, narrowly escaped, on Wednesday, the forward
truck of the locomotive striking a defective rail and
making gap of three feet, over which the cars passed
without leaving the track.
saw the breech of 2 Sut. Abranam Durfee then stop
and said to Earl, “Wilber Earl, have you anything Ursa
mei” Wilber said he had not, and raised his hand, and
sald he had nothing against either of us. He seemed to
beconre very much exeited. We turned and went back a
piece, and crossed the race, and went on and struck into
ROSLYN.—The Queens County Teachers’ Institute will
coutinue in session next week. Prof, J. W, Barker of
Buitslo 10 Sonductiig the Jxercison, and great intorent
the first street east of the State rond. We then went up
that street into town. At the corners of the first cross
street there were men posted at each corner. There W
J. Earl made a sign with his hand for them to go round
us. They then started one way, and we went another
around the corner. We would not go the way Earl wanted
meetings. Addresses are expecte
from the Hoa. J. J. Armatroug and J. W. Covert.
FLUSHING. ~The Hon, L. Bradford Prince, J. B. Par
sons, the Rev. E, A. Fairchild, the Hon. B, W. Downing,
us to go, and kept him with us. At, the next corner we
turned north, and then at the next corner two men were
stationed iu the samme manner as at the first corner,
which we were the same two we had met be
at on
6 C 8 rers. L]
subscriptions amounted to $561.
fore. Here 1 put his haud to his pistol, and then made
a motion by putting his hand to his forehead. One of
the men whistled. We went up this street until we got
BTATEN ISLAND.
RossviLLe~John Williams, age about 60,
was killed yesterday by falling from a seaffold.
to Brigham's house, and then turned west to the Coun
dl-House cerner. Here we stopped right in the
street, Durfee 83 that he wanted to
gv to Sipingham’s. We about it, and Earl seemed
Willing to have us go. He eald he did not want me to go
CLIFTON. ~The residence of Mrs, Farah Jackson was
damaged $500 by fire yesterday.
with bim with the feelings which I haa toward him
Durfsé and we then started down toward Kinkead's,
Wilbar J. Earl started gn west, down the street. A man
NEW-JERSEY.
Jersey Crry.—Bubscriptions to the Chicago
Relief Fund amount to 880 160 Mra Henaenhlv'a stahla
ot men who him 40. go hack if uh ited to live;
h AL Dar AcE return rJ. Earl, H.
in T= ie] Stanton, Sanford Fuller, Andrew Wiles
and Curtis cawe to ungle’s; Carnes said he wanted
wal ape or alive; I was sick from hurt in Jumping the
y (Hey fows In a; lie Walp ime get u to
H was sick; I got up sod sat
A a chalet bi t toy shoulders and arms, and
pt suid he had writ for we, and I
oS HR him; sunt I was siok, and not able to
how if they took me she wold follow thew, but that
could guard me than a guard was lef} over me,
Au the worulug, Joun Dulen. William nsvu, and o
followed after him, when we saw him last there
or AR. ea abt ou an
r. Kiu about o
we wanted protection m oe Sdiuid vm
1e Becralery's. Kinkead and his
with us. We claimed the Becretary'’s wea: hhexe
was 4 gun dred close Ww us when we sutered the city, I
huve keurd Jt sald that upostates running off would never
took us over to
at Myrtle-ave. and Berkley-st., was destroyed by fire
yesterday. Loss, $1,000; insurance, $100....Gen. Thomas
B. Van Buren will speak in Red Bank to-day; Paterson,
Oct. 35; Newark, Oot. 26; Morristown, Oct. 28; Camden,
got furtler thun the muddy creek. Ido n't think 'n;
the killing of Putter was intentiouval, but that he hat Sok Ju; Plidaeton, Oct, ahi Bi VN Dist Bur
v, WU With it hea OBEPH BARTHOLOMEW. ~The
THR MOMETER YRITYRNDAY
PROMINENT ARRIVALS
YEW. YORR CITY.
Ys k
Tax receipts yesterday on real estate, $270,000.
san Ww. Vv. snd Ww. a Stiekle.... Irish
the allowing officers: Preal Patrik well; Bee
retary, Thos. Hoyle; Treasurer, Patrick Hoye....The
State Union League in Lincoln Council Chamber, yester
day, ex-Gov. Nowell presiding, adopted resolutions in
dorsing the nomination of Cornelius Walsh, aud exprees
ing indignation at the assassination of Major Culto in
Prilnde pha. _..John Gebhardt bad his hand crushed in
a lathe in Bonuer’s Jsctory Yosterda). ...An investigation
in the case of Elisabeth 4ho%s that she came t0
her death by ene from stove in room. ...Calvary
Presbyterian Church has contributed $210 to the Chicago
relief fund.

BLOOMFIELD. —Mra. Fullman has recovered conscious
poss, and testifies that her husband gave her a dose of
medicine on Tuesday night. She has not yes been told
of the death of her daughter, Joiat Pelithal; the oldest
son, does not hesitate to say that he believes his father
was the cause of his slster’s death, from the fact of his
extreme cruelty to his family,
PATERSON.—~The Passajo County Sunday-8chool Con
vention val held [*5karday, in Be Main-st, ro
Church....John M. Howe, Bimeon 8. Dunning, John
Bradley, Eugene O. Luthran, James Winsley, and Pat
{korn rar, "Kas of 10 cle obsy wos
anouse, in pa stolen money wad
found In their possesaion. y
BOONTON.—A Reyulican mass meeting will be held in
the jolig mill, o-morrow night, Addresses will be
made by Benator Frelinghuysen, the Hon. Cornelius
Walsh, and James Q. Potts,
ENGLEWOOD.—The Democrats of Bergen County have
pominated Cornelius Lydecker for Btate Senator, and
A ne
FULMLIUES NUVLED.
Ellen Collins of No. 847 Madison-st., was seriously
“e
burned, yesterday, by the bursting of kerosene lamp.
Alfred Ingo, age 27, residing in Eighth-ave., near
Fifty-second st., actor on the Brees and Beventhggre. Railroad,
was vn over and fatally injured on W crening,
John Crownhead, a ter, age 50, residing in
a SA LT rs of om
In the United States Eastern District Courts, suits
were begun yesterday A the Government for the condemoation of the
propesty seised during raids on the Fifth Ward illicit whisky stills.
Launder Krollett’s kindling-wood factory, No.
190 Boerum-st., Broekiyn, B. D,, was damaged $50 by fire, yesterday
maning, and the adjoining frame dwelling of Jacob Weber $100. la
Patrick McManus, a laborer, residing at No. 30
Atlantic-st., Brooklyn, while moving grain {a Barber's warehuuse, at the
foot of Pacifie-st., yesterday, fell into the spouts of the grain elevator, and
waa suffocated.
H 1 f 6 No. 369
gigas Mom. dk, of Spcluun 8, Co, No.2
fous fivin fis Som, inclufing 4 fase of doedles, worth $70, which be bas
A fire on the fouth floor o No, 62 Duane-st., occu.
aor On the A Rojer ry J. ag ery oo
fume, stock was damaged $300; insured. Damage to building, ©1460,
(Annonmerments.
BurNerT'sCocoAiNE—The best Hair-d ressing.
Tne GRAND DUKE AND MINISTER CATACAZY.
—When the Grand Duke Alexis goes to Washington, the Russian Mia
fater, Mr, Catacazy, will entertain him, Mr, Catacary and Beeretary
Fish don't speak to each other. Mr. Catacasy insists on wearing hats
made of Russian leather, whereas My, Fish buys of Knox the Hatter, 212
Broadway.
Pe
BE
IMPORTANT TO INVALIDS,
Try IMPERIAL GRANUM, the most nutritious and delicate food yet In
troduced, proved to be the sul thing the stomach could retain in cases o
extreme weakness, Sold by all druggists, sod at the wholesales depot b,
CAKLE STRONG, 153 Water-st., corner Malleu-lave,
No REMEDY IN Thr. WORLD ever came into
such aniversal use, or bas so fully won the confidence of wankind, as
Aver's CHRRRY PECTORAL for the cure of Coughs, Colds, and Con:
rr
Tir BEST PLACE in New-York to buy REL
ante WATCHES, FINE DIAMONDS, RICH, PASEIONABLE JEWELRY,
STARLING SILVER, is Bquing's, 97 Fulion-st. Diamonds a speciaity.
rr
Breacning, Creag and Dyeing Orie
of k. Lorp, 034 Broadway, near Twenty-second-st., 439 Broome-st., c
Broadway. Made-up garments, laces, feathers, gloves, ke, cleaned.
I ——e
For a styLism and ELEGANT HAT go direct
to the Manufactarer, EspExscuEip, No. 118 Nassan-st.
BE ._
IGHT LOCOMOTIVES FOR NARROW
Giange Rullrosds contractors’ use, construction, shifting, wooden
nile. furnaces, and mills, quarries, mines; confor to steep grades, shar
bt rajls, parrow-gauges. and low tannels. Bend for circular
faforunat on desire £4" PokTeR. BELL Co. Co. Pittsburgh, Penn,
GO YOU TO ['O Then for good healthful, de
FLORIDA Beni) elimate, soil, Sne oranges and
and a beantiful river, one mile from the
Atlantic, GO TO DAYTONA. hl of
M. DAY, jr., 34 Park-row, N. 1.
QTRICTORE, Fistula, and Pilesradieully cured
without the knife, 0, or detention hice 3 potence, Dis
eases of the Generative ia Hy A.D 2 D, 14 rise ave.
V ANILLA BEA Sr
EXICAN. FINES QUAL
FOR BALE by TAFT my, ER, 54 Cedar-st.
ZERO REFRIGERATOR, R, with th Wa ater Cooler,
is the best Meat, server
LESLEY, 605 Sixth ave. dead for boo
EAT YOUR HOUSET a our Fuel!!—
Sead for Cirenlars. Call and examine KDW RDg's COMBINED
RANGE AND FURNACE. 343 Waters, SAML. J. HOPKINS.
SUN DAY-SCHOOL BOOKS
BROUGHTON W WYMAN, 3 13 Bible He House.
THOS. R R. AGNEW, 260 Greenwich-st., N. Y.
Choice GROCERIES, TEAS, FISH, ete, wholesale and retail,
BALL, BLACK (0,
5635 and 367 Broadway, N. Y,,
ARE OPENING is NEW INVOICES
IMPORTED WATCHES
CH A I NS.
AGENTS FOR
THE WALTHAM WATCH
IN BEST VARIETIES.
Newnan Capi,
[HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
LT Broatvay, ow. Twenty fil it,
STRRLFRRSETS ANDSTANTS,
Coal-Seattles, Pardonias, Vases,
WHICH WE OFFER AT REASONARLE PRICES.
OTIS wi Safety Hoisting
MACHINER y
Broadway, New-York
OFFICE OF TIIE
&k
1. NICHOLAS AAD 0
No. 1660 BROADWAY.
Chartered 1852.
New-Yonx, Oct. 10, 1871,
fe hy yo Ee FIRE
LASS RISKS 1a New-York City and
rma,
This Company, having an
LARGE SURPLUS, and baving lost
will continne to insure
immediate vicinity upon reasonable
JOHN J. SEARING, Secretary,
IR tr EE EE EL EE EE EE EL EL AR
EL Ld
I a EL EE Aad
De RE EE TL LA.
CIRCULATION, 20,000.
THE
EVENING MAIL
WILL ISSUE A
DOUBLE SHEET
SATURDAY.
kiled Hikuiph ilgiake. He Wis the gue who notitied have nominated James Stevens for Assembly
Bworn to un‘! subscribed before me on the Mth A of Sa An He Republican Cus Convention met
Murch, A. LL. LW. JONNY CRALLEBA UGH, John P. Jackson, Secratary, The following homisations
Judie second Judiclal District. wero made: Ber, Chas. Courtols: Ouronesm. Thos.
FARRAR ARIANA RRNA RR RRNA RR HARA DARA RAR ARR RR ERA AAAS
POLICE NOTER.
Bl
A.
CLOTHING.
TELE
v
dd dl ddd add ILL ILI
CHOICEST ANTYLES
or
THE SEASON.
J LLL TE
seeds sssas ase
FT TL LLL LLL LE EET
LARGEST STOCK
BOYS AND YOUTH.
fete sess isietttttetitestiIIIIIIRIIl BRRRRLILILILILIILIN
cstsannnnnrann
PPP TT La Liar TT LL LLL dd ddd did dddd dd ddd ddd

LONDON
WALKING SUITS
prrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr TY TITTITTIT III LLLL AAS LL Lda ddd dad idl dd ds

DEVLIN CO.
BROADWAY AND GRAND-ST,
BROADWAY AND WARREN-ST,
Paris Kid Gloves.
UNION ADAMS 00,
637..Broadway...637
Have jus. opened a beautiful and
elegant variety of the celebrated
P., L. AUBERTS
Kid and Dogskin Gloves
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
RIBBONS
NECK- TIES
MORRI 0N’3,
No. 827 7" Broadway,
ELASTIC BELTS,
STOCKINGS, KNEE-CAPS, ANKLETS, &e., at
MARSH Cos
RADICAL CURE TRUSS JOFFICR, No. 3 Vesey-st., and* No. 32 East
Fourteeuth-st., near University-place,
THE HOWARD INSURANCE CO.
OF NEW-YORK,
RO. 66 WALL-ST.
CHARTERBD IN 1823,
Cash Capital, $500,000
Insures against loss and damage by fire on the most favorably termay
SAMUEL T. SKIDMORE, President.
HENRY A. OAKLEY, Vice-President.
THEODORE KEELER, Secretary,
W. RB. SKIDMORE, Asst Bec'y,
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY
Cash Assets Oct. 1, 1871- $4,723,206 52
Losses at Chicago will not
exceed o 2,000,000 00
Leaving Cash Assets of
the Home Oct. 12, 1871 2,723,206 52
All Losses will be
promptly paid ‘and
policies issued as
usual.
CHARLES J, BJ. 6 JUIN Diovan
J. B, WASHB
New-York, October 13, 1871,
MARVIN&COS
REE ARETHEBEST
265 BROADWAY.
The Liverpool Lon
don Globe Ins. Co.
Assets Gold, 820,000,000
“in the
United States, 3,000,000
45 William St.

JAPANESE.
a
pe ain———y
THE NEW STYLE FOR
FANCY SILVER.
PUT VP IN DECORATED CASES.
TIFFANY Co.,
UNION-SQUARE.,
y
Bronks Brot,
44 East 14th-st, [Union-square);
Ready-made
CLOTHIN Q
OF
THE COMING SEASON.!
aaa
WEBER
PIANO-FORTES.
P roseunctd by the first Musica) Talent, Seminazions, he Prem, ste. Lo]
BEST PIANOS MADE.
Prices as reasonable and terms a3 easy as consistent with Loren
workmanship,
WAREROOMS:
FIFTH-AVENUE,
COR. S1XTEENTH.ST., NEW.YORK.
BUFFALO
ROBES,
WOLF ROBES, CARRIAGE ROBES,
SLEIGH ROBES,
IAP ROBES, HORSE BLANKET
SAMUEL SHETHAR Col
BROADWAY, NEW
WORTH KNOWING.
Pui TAKE PLEASURE IN RECOMMENDING TO ALL
rocers, Hotels, Restaurants, and
Families,
GILLIES
CRUSHED
COFFEES;
In Bbls
THE AMERICAN
JAVA COFFEE,
one-lb. pkge., 48 Ibs.
Wri RELIABLE, AND opty
WRIGHT, GILLIES BROTHER,
Manutacturers of Fine Flavored Coffees,
233, 235, and 337 Washington-st.,
NEWYORK.
CUNDURANGO.
BLISS, KEENE Co.'s FLUID EXTRACT. the wonderful
for CANCER, SYPHILIS, SCROFULA, ULCERS, BALT 3
all CHRONIC BLOOD DISEASES, is prepared from the GENUIN
CUNDURANGO BARK, from Loja, Ecuador; secured by the amistaneg
of the authorities of that coun!
Sold by all Druggists. in pint sottles, with full directions, price $10,
Laboratory, No. 60 CEDAR -ST., NEW-YOQX.



THE MUTUAL

LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW-YORAK,
144 146 Broadway.
F. 8. WINSTON, President.
Cush dst, $17,932,970.61
fps ites in United States
Government and New-York
State Stocks, and in
Bonds nid Mortgages on
Real Estate.

Issues, at regular rates, Life, En
dowmend, Installment, Tontine, and
all other approved Policies, on se
lected lives.

RICHARD A. McCURDY, Vice-Prest.
W. H. C. BARTLETT, Actuary.
oi M. STUART, Secretary.
RE
WHAT SHALL VE ALL VE BUY THIS FALL?
f
There 1s 20 better ANSWER than le found in the
WONDERFUL A%D TRTABLE
CLEAN, NOISELESS, ELAS ELASTIC, 0 DURABLE.
G0 TO J. H WILCOX 0X Cosy
Cer ype

POURTH-AVE. NEWT YORK CITY,
or te. ay I and bay ive Mattress. TAKE NO¥
For eee ot Prt
Write for aay
WOVEN VEN WIRE MATTRESS C0.
E
GEO. C. PERKINS, ovr
Sale
Coun.
W GAY NTH
PRIVATE DWELLINGS and ober buitings by STRAM er WATER,
AKER, SMITH Co,
Oor. Houston and Greene cis. News
(abe sldeet and
Doseriplive naw
8