|lnv (0tk««5 $qmbUcan.
OFf XIAL JOUR NAL OF THE U NITED STATES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF NEW ORLEANS
WIWORLBANH. DECEMBER 14, ISTL
Thanks to the Southern Express for latest
New York papers. _ __
Rainy L.v spells yesterday and last eve
ning, which was good for the r.njorella
dealers.
Rustics in Detroit are allured by a sign
■which, reads: "Fifty cents for dinner and a
lunch for your dog.
A wan who works for a living should
marry a taller woman than himself. "The
laborer is worthy of his higher."
Almut three hundred Indians still inhabit
the everglades of Florida, and spend most
of their time in getting over drunks.
The night express train oi the Jackson
railroad now leaves daily gt half-past fi\e,
instead of half past four in the exciting.
Judge Kay, of the fourteenth judicial
district, was in the city yesterday, and vis
ited the editorial rooms of the Republican.
It is said that the theatrical critics of the
London newspapers have entered into a
compact to discourage all kinds tf burlesque
as much as possibl e.
An English paper refers to the grizzly
bears of the Alleghany mountains. That
story will hardly bear scrutiny on this side
of the Alleghanies __, __
There are 3300 jarsons fed daily at the
Cincinnati sonp-horfse in Chicago. There
is an enduring character to the Cincinnati
charity which is eminently satisfying.
Lecturing in England is now at a very low
ebb. He must be a very noble son, or oth
erwise distinguished person, who can draw
an audience in any of the large places.
People who converse in French to
each other in public vehicles and public
places, should be veiy careful that their
neighbors do not understand the language.
From Mr. J. E. McDaniel, of the New
York Associated Press, we received last
evening a copy of the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, for which many
thanks.
IIow would you like to sit on a jury?
asked a gentleman of a strong-lninded old
maid. I'd as soon sit on a hatchet," said
the spinster, w ith a shake of her bombazine
skirt. _ _
The sudden illness of Mrs. Moulton pre
vented her from appearing before the
citizens of Mobile, on Monday night, as
announced. She gave a concert there Tues
day evening. _
A gentleman having just lost hi# wife,
visited a friend, and being asked how long
be would remain in town, answered: "Oh.
for about a fortnight—long enough to spend
the honeymoon of my widow hood."
We have received, under the frank ot
Hon. 15. F. Butler, a pamphlet written by
George Wilkes, and dedicated to the Na
tional Labor Union, entitled "The Interna
tionale: Its Principles and Purposes."
The Mobile Tribune of yesterday says:
"Over ten thousand people visited John
Robinson's lug three tent show yesterday
and last night. There never was such
a show in Mobile, and it will he a long
time before auother like it comes among
ns.''
The Paris eartmen have struck for higher
wages. The owners of the vehicles in
stantly procured teamsters from the coun
try to take their places, wi.h the result
that rows are constantly occurring be
tween the drivers on strike and their suc
cessors.
There is a very stout old lady who rides
a great deal in the Cincinnati street ears,
and for whom, no matter how crowded they
may be, the passengers always lind a seat
Her persuasiveness never fails. Her method
is to bustle in and prepare to sit down on
tbe passengers' laps. The hint is enough.
The coast survey, since its establishment,
ha# surveyed,an area of 27,000 miles—and,
when creeks, inlet#, etc., are included,
bO.OOO miles: of roads. 3.5,000 miles. Two
hundred thousand miles have been run in
taking soundings; the area sounded is 52,000
miles, and the number of soumlings made
8,300,000.
Speaker George W. Carter had something
to say very lately about a printing contract
with Messrs. Wakefield Sc Sna« i r, of the
Iberia Danner. That contract was revoked
by tbe majority of tbe Printing C'onimis.
sion some two months and a half ago. A
new contract was subsequently given to
John E. Leet, of the Iberia Statesman.
We bad the pleasure ol' a .visit yesterday
from Captain L. A. Suaer, tax collector of
Iberia parish, who reports tbe ranks of the
Republicans there perfectly united, the Cus
tomhouse crowd being represented only by
internal revenue and other government offi
cials. Captain Suaer will remain in tbe city
till after Christ mas.
The sidewalks of State House square
with the exception of the Canal street front'
are now Wing laid by contractors Hitch'
cock and Irwin with a new asphalt pave
ment. It is hard as stone and slopes easily
to the glitters. It is an agreeable change
from the pavement of decaying brick
through which the wet and mud for years
had penetrated, and will last as long a
time as the greediest of us would wish to
1 i ve. _
It is said that more opium Js now eon.
surned in the United States than ever be
fore. Ifuring the six mouths which ended
with September last, 32. i.'«0 pounds were
imported at San Francisco alone, paying
$104,100 duty, above one-third more than
was paid during the corresponding period
of 1870. It would appear that not only is
the consumption of opium among our
Chinese residents increasing, but that
Americans also use more of the drug than
ever before.
The thermometer yesterday a
according to the signal servi
was 42 5 at Augusta. 3!' at
"4c at Boston, 33 at Buffalo, 37
r a. m.»
report,
Baltimore,
at Cairo,
44 j at Charleston, 27 at Chicago, 37 at
Cincinnati, 04 at Galveston, 30 at Indian
apolis, 67° at Key West, 39 at Louisville,
39' at Memphis, 00 J at Mobile, 3* at
Nashvil'e, 52° at New Orleans, 32 at New
York, 43 at Norfolk, 20 at Omaha, 3- 3 at
Pittsburg, 15° at Portland, 47 at Savannah,
40 at Shreveport, 37 J at St. Louis, at
St. Paul, and 40° at Vicksburg. Eight snow
at Buffalo; light rain at Pittsburg
Korin elsewhere.
No
a
COST OF THE CITY GOVERNMENT.
Since the entire workings of the munici
pal government are had in public, and
are then printed in detail for general in
spection and consideration, it does seem
to us that the immediate cause of quar
rel which the reformers have with the
Administrators ought to be sufficiently
understood to allow of its being explicitly
stated in the public prints. Geneial
charges of incompetence and corruption
never benefit the community, since they
merely produce distrust and confusion,
without allowing the officers against
whom they are made to correct abuses or
to reform unnecessary expenses. In tbe
first place, the city of New Orleans can
not be properly administered without
large cost to the people, and it is no evi
dence of mismanagement that she spends
more money than she collects, because
her wants may demand greater outlays
than her income will provide for.
The Administrators, it is true, might
content themselves with such an econom
ical disbursement of the public funds as
to overrun the municipal treasury with
surplus cash; but then to accomplish this
end they would have to leave the streets
uueleaned, the wharves unrepaired, the
levees unbuilt, the schools unopened, the
drainage imperfect, and the people un
protected. The question is, would this
answer the ends of taxation Was gov
ernment created to. hoard the revenues?
or was it instituted to protect the com
munity and answer the demands of trade,
travel, pleasure and convenience We
keep open seven hundred miles of streets,
sustain thirteen miles of wharfage front,
support schools for ninety thousand chil
dren, protect three hundred thousand
people in their liberties and property,
take care of the poor, provide for crim
inals, doctor the sick, the lame and the
blind, fight off disease from the healthy,
keep watch against the floods in front
and rear, and manage all the affairs of a
great commercial metropolis. This must
needs cost money, and millions of it at
that.
The dispute that now agitates the com
munity is as to the sufficiency of the pro
vision which the people have made for
this vast list of expenditures. The very
fact that we have a debt bordering on
thirteen millions of dollars, that has been
steadily on the increase for years, is con
clusive testimony that the government of
the city of New Orleans has always cost
more money than her people calculated
for in the outset of housekeeping.' No
sooner is there a surplus dollar in the
treasury than some good citizen sees a
little improvement that ought to be at
tended to; and whether there are funds
on hand or not. the coquoraticm is l#;et
with suggestions as to the necessity of
spending money in a hundred different
directions.
The truth is, either the city must spend
a large amount of money, or the people
must content themselves with an inferior
order of government. And since we do
not believe the community is so stupid
that it would prefer to live in filth and
darkness rather than in light and progress,
in order to economize a niggardly dollar
or two in their taxes, we can not come to
any other conclusion than that the clamor
about extravagance emanates from the
weakness of some and the wickedness of
others. And we are fortified in this con
clusion by the absence of all directness in
the charges that arc- made with such abun
dance of language Lv those who say that
the city is mismanaged. If there was that
open fraud in the government, of which
we are told, it ought to be apparent to the
people; and, if it was apparent to all, the
pregs that harbors and circulates these re
ports ought to give us the details.' Until
this is done, so that the Administrators
can be told of and made directly responsi
ble for these discreditable transactions,
we submit that the entire community is
injured and scandalized by the constant
repetition of charges that have no other
foundations than the suspicion of their
authors.
LIGHT WANTED IN MISSISSIPPI.
If the people of Mississippi are to be
gauged by the press of that State, they
must be content with a very low classi
fication for intelligence. And the Jackson
Pilot is no exception to the rule. Its
character for ignorance of current events
is too well established wherever it is
known to need a certificate from us. But
that the Republicans of Louisiana may
see that it has not learned anything by
experience since we took it in hand last
year, we republish the following from
its columns:
The contest for President of the Senate
and acting Lieutenant Governor ot Louisi
ana unite off' on the sixth instant, iu New
Orleans, and resulted in the choice of Sen
ator P. 15. S. Pinehbaek, a colored man.
who is to fill the place of the lamented
Lieutenant Governor Dusn. This is re
garded as a triumph of the Warmotli fac
tion over the Dunn and Carter parry. The
vote stood 18 for Pinehbaek to 4*1 lor Sen
ator T. V. Couplund.
1 he ''1\ armoth faction," whose triumph
is thus reluctantly acknowledged, is
simply the Republican party of Louisiana.
It is true that Governor Warmotli is a
leading member of that party, and as
such naturally rejoices in its successes.
But there were eighteen members of the
State Senate who are also square Repub
licans, and the triumph was as much
theirs as it was Governor Warmoth's. If
all the Republicans in this State whose
hearts were rejoiced by the victory of
Senator Pinehbaek over the combined
forces of the bolters and Democrats could
be brought together under review, they
would make such an army that even the
obtuse intellect that controls the Pilot
would recognize the difference between
them and a faction. The "Dunn and
Carter party," so tenderly refeired to, con
sists of seven Democratic Senators, elected
as such, and consistent with their profes
sions, and nine gentlemen who owv their
places to Republican votes. Six of these
have accepted positions in the United
States Customhouse, and voted in the
Senate as they were ordered to vote by*
their owners. The former were pledged
to work fi >r the defeat of the Republicans,
and manifested their fe.vKy to their party
by supporting a bolter. And because the
Republican party has proved itself strong
enough to defeat its open enemies—the
Democrats and its concealed foes—the ren
egades in its own camp, it is entitled to an
other designation from professedly Repub
lican papers than a faction.
The "Carter Customhouse party" is
more bitterly hostile to the Republican
party of this State than are the out and
out Democrats; for it is composed of men
who have been tried and found wanting.
Having lost the favor of their former
friends through their own treachery, their
political existence depends upon the de
struction of the organization that warmed
them into life. And they have shown
their eagerness to ally themselves with
the enemy to accomplish their designs.
Fortunately, they failed of success, as
treachery and double dealing are sure to
fail whenever it dares to meet the cham
pions of right face to face. We hope the
Pilot will devote a little more time to the
study of current history.
TALKING TO THE POINT
Administrator Rernick is an officer who
keeps Lis own accounts, and knows how
to take care of himself. The defense
which he made of his official action before
tbe City Council, on Tuesday last, about
exhausts the subject; and since it has
been published to the citizens and to the
reformers, both in the Republican and in
the Times, we presume all fair minded
citizens are fully satisfied that they will
have to look somewhere else than iu the
Department of Commerce lbr something
to amend and reconstruct.
In his interchange of suggestions with
Mayor Flanders, Mr. Rernick evidently
came oft' first best, as he not only chal
lenged investigation from outsiders, but
also invited the Mayor to prompt him in
any-specific matter of reform that had
suggested itself to Lis inagesterial mind.
This is the way to come to a conclusion.
General charges of incompetence or dis
honesty are always easy to make, and the
misfortune with us is that they are too
freely indulged in, when the real merit of
all reform consists in knowing the distinct
abuse, and of making direct suggestions
for its abatement.
If Mayor Flanders is aware of a single
expense in any o'f the departments that
can be properly dispensed with, it is his
duty, first, to mention it to the Adminis
trator for voluntary extirpation and that
not succeeding, his further duty com
mands him to submit the matter to the
Council for legislation. By such a
method of procedure the entire munici
pal government would be benefited, both
iu its interior working and in its public
reputation; for the people, seeing the
Administrators counseling together for
the correction of abuses, would feel that
they could place ren-.-wed confidence in
their municipal agents. This is what
Adminisirator Rernick suggested to toe
Mayor both publicly and privately; and
since no reform was suggested in his de
partment by the very officer who seemed
to be most anxious lor the reduction of
expenditures, he was kit to the very
proper inference that there was no reform
which he could individually make in his
office expenses. And to show his entire
good faith, Mr. Iiemick stiii invites both
the Mayor and the reformers to investi
gate the regulations and responsibilities
of his department in order that the
abuses which are vaguely hinted at in the
public prints and on the streets as exist
ing in the city government may he dis
covered and corrected if they can be
found in the Department of Commerce.
This is all that any officer can do to pro
mote the demand for proper reform.
i
I
J
j
i
TRADING DIRECTLY.
Galveston is not so well satisfied with
the through liue of railway from central
Texas to St. Louis as she promised to be.
The people who want groceries, furni
ture, hardware, whisky, etc., which come
from the Northwest, now purchase di
rectly, instead of buying in -Galveston,
and this irritates our Texas neighbors as it
irritates our New Orleans merchants.
And yet it should not. for a proper
foresight ought to have instructed Gal
veston and New Orleans both that trade
will always go direct when it finds the
road open. We have no right to expect
a Shreveport merchant to buy St. Louis
bacon, grain and hardware iu this market
when he can get them from first hands
on the same terms that our merchants
can. Texas merchants ship their cotton
to New York, and with the proceeds they
make their purchases in the West on
much more favorable terms than he ob
tains in New Orleans.
What merchant at Ih mston, Texas, will
buy Western whisky in Galveston, when
he can get it cheaper, and more direct, in
St. Louis? What Texas merchant will go
to St. Louis to buy coffee or sugar since
this is the nearest and cheapest market
European goods can be sold to better ad
vantage iu New Orleans than they cau iu
the WesfT because there is one expense
less to be charged to their oust price.
What we need is to induce Texas and
Louisiana to raise their own 1 r ad and
meat, and then the people who go to St.
Louis to obtain these articles will have no
pressing interest that will attract them to
the West. Then, if we can manufacture
furniture as cheap as it is made in the
West, which we ought to do, seeing that
we have-such beautiful material in our
cypress forests, the merchant who starts
out to buy coffee, sugar and dry goods as
his principal stock, will come to New Or
leans by preference, since this will be his
l*est market. When traders are forced to
seek this city for the bulk of their sup
plies, they, will consent to buy their
thread and lace from our merchants, as
ladies generally buy their Look.s-and
eyes where they purchase their dress
patterns.
THE RAILROAD COMPROMISE.
It is announced by the Times. on the
authority-of a dispatch from Mr. Morgan
to his agents in this city, that a grand
railroad compromise has been effected
between him and the directors of the
Now Orleans, Mobile and Texas railroad.
But it appeared there are other conditions
yet untulfilled. Mr. Morgan demands
certain wharf privileges from the city Lo
l
fore closing the bargain and going on
with the work of road building.
What are tjie spicific terms of these
conditions we do not know. But the Ad
ministrators may well hesitate before
crippling the immense river commerce to
aid men who merely promise to give us a
railroad to one State. At any rate, let
the privileges so eagerly and persistently
sought after be accorded after the road
has been completed, if at all. We are
opposed to doing a credit business in dis
posing of batture rights, even if the city
has the authority, which is more than
doubtful since the recent judgment of the
Eighth District Court.
Of course we want the railroad to Texas
completed, but it is barely possible to
pay too much for an object however de
sirnble it may be.
REFORMERS BREAKING UP.
As might have been expected the Inter
national Society, which has acquired con
siderable strength in Europe, because
there the people have something to con
spire against, fell to pieces in New York
after a very short life, because in America
there is not the least excuse for the exist
ence of such an organization. Where
the people constitute the government,
what propriety is there in one class say
ing that it will combine to help itself any
more than in tbe bands saying they write
to overcome the feet We are all part of
one society, and an Internationalist, if he
is the best man, has, or ought to stand, a
better chance with all the people than he
does with a mere moiety of them, since his
success must be secured from tbe mass
and not from a part. The immediate
cause of the quarrel in New York origin
ated iu the difference in the nationality
of the members. Some of the French
members, who wanted to mourn for Ros
sel and the Parisian communists, found
objectors in the German element; and
when it was proposed to lament for the
young men who were lately shot in
Havana, the Spanish element did not
agree to the suggestion. The society iu
the Uni ted States is a mere political ma
chine, gotten up to benefit some dex
trous manipulator of popular prejudices,
but it will hardly pay expenses since
there are so many speculators always
watching to use these organizations after
they have once been formed. The best
thing laboring men van do is to take two
good political papers, one of each party,
and read them impartially. They will
thus discover that there is but little
difference in parties, but a great deal in
men. A sound and reliable representative
is not dangerous to the mechanic, no
matter if he is Republican or Democrat;
and a dishonest hunter after office is an
enemy to every industrious man iu the
State. whether he is an International or
not. Aud'sincc- there is so little use for
any other organization lmt that of the
i two great parties that now watch each
I other and contend for the sympathies
J 'and votes of the people, any other so
j cietv that pretends to present men for
office may he set down as frauds that will
i explode iu time, as the International has
U* 'LO
Genera! M. Jeff Thompson, chief of
Genera! M. Jeff Thompson, chief of
the Board of State Engineers for this
State, has given another practical illus
tration of his fitness for the position he
occupies. lie has secured the services of j
Mr. Benjamin McLeran, a civil engine* r j
of much practical <xperience and sound i
scholastic attainments. Mr. McLeran is
a graduate of one of our Eastern colleges.
Shortly after quitting school the secession
war broke out, and he joined the Union
cause 1 >y enlisting in the naval service. After
the war closed he settled in New Orleans:
was appo nted a clerk in the State Land
office under Joseph Gorlinski, Esq., and
remained there until the land office was
closed. He then taught a school here,
and afterward went to Shreveport and be
came a citizen of that then stronghold of
Democracy and rebellion. When the
Constitutional Convention was called to
frame a constitution, in accordance with
the reconstruction laws. Mr. McLeran was
elected a member from Caddo parish. He
proved very useful iu the convention. He
was afterward a member of the nominat
ing convention that selected the regular
Republican ticket, having voted for the
nomination of Judge Warmoth for the
office of Governor. Mr. McLeran' is a
quiet, unassuming gentleman of sterling
worth. He entertains decided political
opinions, but is not disposed to make
himself offensive Ly forcing them upon
those who think differently.
If the self-called aristocracj- wish to ob
tain control of this city, let them vote
I themselves into office. But so long as
J they are iu the minority they must let the
people manage their own affairs. Empty
speeches and weary tirades in the partisan
ne wspapers are mere fustian. The ama
teurs who recently designated the "Cot
I ton Exchange as their headquarters as
much as informed their porte rs, draymen,
mechanics and the small dealers who are
I noHu cotton" that their advice will not be
asked for. v
Mayor Flanders admitted that "several
statements of Air.-Rernick were so near
the truth that they were worse than fal.se
hoods. This is ail very frank and can
I did, no doubt, but it docs not strike ns as
a comforting reflection that the Mayor of
New Orleans (should prefer falsehoods to
j having the truth told about him.
j The Times says Administrator Rernick
speaks a niece. We say Administrator
R-mick gave the Trues and Mayor Flan*
1- rs a piece ot his mind that should be of
1 service to both. The Turns and the
i Mayor are now expected to "speak a
piece.
I
After A'liniiiistnitor "Wultou's txjjlaita
i non ,tliout the Tuuro Almshouse fund, it
is unn-.-cessary to ask who threw the last
brick;' nor does it require "the cominit
j<' tee of fifty" to investigate a matter that is
l so clearly demonstrated by one mum
it ;r country bas reached that state of
civilization where the very convicts give
thanks fUr finding themselves safely Id
the State orison.
UN CARONDEI.ET STREET.
The Jefferson City Gaslight Company
elected their new hoard of directors on the
sixteenth ultimo, as follows: Messrs. Cas
sard, W. R. Fish, J. N. Burbank, Michael
Hahn and John Lockwood. The company
is now on the.high road to prosperity, after
a successful run of a few years. They com
menced lighting upon the eleventh of July,
1870, and began with about fifteen con
sumers, while at the present time they have
three hundred consumers! au, l as many
lamps in complete running gear. As far a#
pipe laying is concerned, this has been ex
tended to Carrollton, and at least ten miles
are now in working order, and when the
work under way is completed, eighteen
miles will have been finished. The com
pany push on the work vigorously, and is
not among those corporations whose inac
tivity amount to nothing. For these im
provements the company have paid en'
tircly out of their earnings, preferring this
to adding on dividends, and the conse
quence is that by the first of January next
they will be entirely free of uebt, and re
serve its earnings for dividends iu the
future. At least a year's supply of <*oal is
now in possession of the compauy, and
more light will soon be thrown on the
streets up town, lor at least five hundred
and thirty-seven lamps will he burning.
The stock is improving visibly, and yester
day 42 shares, at 60, were among the Sales.
A visible appreciation in the stock of the
Levee Company was remarked yesterday,
though there were no sales made. It ap
pears the long promised arrangement l:as
been effected. The capital stuck has been
reduced by a vote of the stockholders from
ten to one million, consisting of one hundred
thousand shares at ten dollars each. The
board of directors that is to be will issue one
hundred thousand shares of preferred stock
payable by ten dollars of the ordinary stock
and five dollars in cash. Twenty per cent
of the company's earnings will now be de
voted to this preferred stock. The new
election lor directors will 60 on settle mat
ters. The fifty-nine thousand six hundred
shares in possession ol the Governor were
yesterday returned.
The transactions of the company, though
the common talk, brought about no sales.
It will be seen the corporation gets a half
million dollars with which to go to work at
once.
Nothing new in foreign exchange or do
mestic. which present to the world the same
set of features.
Cotton shows a downward inclination, the
general decline being about an eighth.
There "were no sales at
the Board c
Brokers last evening. The
bids were as follows:
offerin
s*
an<
Asked.
Bid.
Gold...............*...............
1*0,
1095
New Orleans National Bank.....
Md 00
95
75
Teutonia to at ion *1 Bank..........
New Orleans National Banking
120 00

Association...................
39 r*o
38
00
anal Bank..........
_.
107
4*0
Southern Bank
_
81
(X)
Merchants' Bank................
_ _
66
00
Lafayette Bank
Now Orleans City Railroad Cora

44
50
pauv..........................

172
no
Cn-x F-nt Cit> Railroad Company
St. Charles Street Railroad Com
no

pa»*.V.-........................
Canal and Claiborne Streets Rail
78 no

road Company................
5> fo
_
_
Orleans Railroad Company.......

85
on
Jert'erson City Gaslight Company.
60 00
56
00
Barbarin Gaslight Company______
14 no


Levee Steam Cotton Press
65 no


Louisiana Levee Company........
2 87
2
$0
Opera House Association
Mississippi Valley Navigation
190 00
Com-pany.................
New Orleans Wit-eking and
3 50
2
37
Salvage Company.............
75 no
€0
00
Louisiana sixes. 1370..............
Louisi ina eights, levee bonds of*
55
City certificates of appro) »riat ion.
Citv seven per cent funding
1>< I s.................
City ten per cent bonds. 1>~]
City improvement bonds........
Citv wharf bonds.................
THE KO»>IV<; VICTORY.
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF THE
l.HOVER «V BAKER MACHINE
I Third Annual M.itu Fair of -Hi'tsisidppi.
GREAT ENTHUSIASM OF THE CITIZENS at the
Fair Grounds. Over one hundred of the promt*
nent citizens of Jackson come forward ami award
the GROVER BAKER MACHINE a
ii O Is U .11 E D A Is,
The only UNDIVIDED Gold Medal awarded any
Sewing Machine Company ht the Fair, and the
following Splendid list of premiums from the Fair
Association, double those awarded all tbe other
machines combined:
Best Plain Stitehingby Machine......Silver Medal.
Best Ornamental Stitching by Ma
chine.................Diploma and Silver Meula..
B»*st Lady's Slippers by Machine..........Diploma.
Best Tucked Skirt, by Machine........Silver Medal.
Best Gent's Morning Gown by Machine... if 20 Gold.
Best Gent's Shirt by Machine, made in
.Mississippi.............................$20 Gold.
Best Lady's Diessing Gown by Machine. $20 Gold.
Best Embroidered up* ra Cloak by Ma
chine..............................Gojd Thimble.
Best Child's Dress Suit by Machine. Card Stand.
Best Fancy Infant's Dress by Ma
chine..............................Gold Thimble.
Best Chair Cover by Machine................Goblet.
Best and Largest Display of Machine Work
on any Sewing Machine..........,... $20 Rug.
Best Gentleman's Hat, machine made...........$3.
Best Child's Hat, machine made................. 3.
OFFICE AND SALESROOM
For the Southern Favorite Family Sewing Machine,
No. 2«>6 Washington street, Vicksburg, Mississippi,
No. Ift2 Canal street, New Orleans, Louisiana,
del4 lt2p
NEW ORLEANS SAVINGS RANK,
No. IS7 Canal street.
(Incorporated March 15,1855.)
f OFFICERS:
L. L. GENKRES...........................President.
THOMAS A. ADAMS......... First Vice President.
THOMAS ALLEN CLARKE..Second Vice President.
CHARLES J. LEEDS.........'.Third Vice President.
JONES, JR..........................Treasurer.
DIRECTORS:
L. F. OenereB. Dr. Wm. Norton Mercer,
David Urquhart. George Jonas.
Thomas A. Adams. John G. Gaines,
Thomas Allen Claiktx CaYl Kuhn,
Charles J. Leeds. Christian Schneider,
i Samuel Jamison.
SIX PERCENT INTEREST ALLOWED ON DE
POSITS noil 3m2i»
L. A. TYLER,
11 a
WKLRY AND SILVERWARE,
('mini Street
s', a large and Bin
«I(! BOXES.
REA L SHELL
tioZ.t Ini hip
ee of
G O i
I) s
AFTER DECEMBER 15, 1«1,
THE GENERAL SOUTHERN DEPOT
For tlie sale of the
BABCOCK FIRE EXTINGUISHER
d! be at No. 19 Canal street, N: w _ til lea:
deH 6t 2p
A. M. GRANGER.
General Southern Agent.
j
dr. irEOKKE J. Friedrichs,
DENTAL SURGEON,
135 St. ChnrlFM Street, Corner Glrod
Street, oneaquare above City HaJL
del 2p Sly
THE HEW ORLEANS REPUBLICAN
PRINTING COMPANY'S STEAM
BOOK AND JOB
Printing' Establishment,
Can# Street...............045
We have purchased bom George Bruce, New
Tork, entirely new type for the liniucn.
Also bora T. H. Senoir, agent, a new
CAMPBELL BOOK PRESS,
with all the late Improvement*, which. In addition
to our previous supply of Printing Machinery, will
enable us to turn out work with dispatch, and in e
style that can net he excelled in the South.
We have also In operation three first clue
GORDON PRESSES
of assorted sizes. These are considered in New
Tork the Best Presses that are made, for the rapid
and superior execution of woik. We employ akill
ful workmen, who will at all times be pioperly in
formed as to the latest and best styles of work.
We would call the particular attention of tbe
Mercantile and Business Community to this Do
pertinent of our Establishment, as we have made
to It extensive additions in tie very
NEWEST STYLES
POSTER AKD GENERAL JOB TYPE,
PRESSES, ETC.,
«i:ci USBLB Cl Tft
KXJCCTTK EVERY DESCRIPTION
o»
PRINTING,
iccu sa
MAMMOTH POSTERS,
FANCY SHOW CARDB
RAILROAD WORE,
LiWTlBr RUHR
BOOK WORK,
■T1AMROAT WORK.
FCRZNKIS CARER.
PROGRAMMER,
EANLBLLLR.
And All kind* of MERCANTILE WORK.
To* fscUitiss wc t*»* in the way of
STEAM, CARD AND HAM) PRESSES
nma vt to Bzicrra wo&i
BAFIDLT, NEATLY AND CHEAPLY.
RULING AND BOOK-BINDING
EVERY DESCRIPTION
EXECUTED WITH DISPATCH.
STEAMBOAT PRINTINGS
Steam bent Off! cert will find it to their
OITEBBST TO CALL AT OUB JOB OFTCH
in
LEAVE TBIII ORDERS.
Me haw* mad* apecial provlaion fin Steamboat
Printing, and have
HEW FONTS OF BKATTFUL TYFB
worn
COLORED BILLS,
at will aa ion or iu
FINEST COLORED INK TO RE HAD.
POSTERS AND HANDBILLS
at
BLACK AND COLORED INKS,
atra or itcbt itza
Our Facilities for Printing
BLANK WORK,
j Art nnequaled by ary establishment In this elty
BILL heads
ON ANY QUALITY OP PAPER,
Price* Aecoitlingiy.
INSURANCE POLICIES AND BLANKS.
RAILROAD TICKETS, TIME-TABLES,
In fact, aD kinds of JOB PRINTING ean
M executed at this OSes—not only with dispateh
mt en accommodating terms
MISCELLANEOUS.
B REUSING A- ERNEST,
(H. Breusiiig,) (Arthur J.Err.e*-
UPHOLSTERERS AND FURNITURE DEALERS.
Carpets, Mattings aud Oil Cloths cleaned anil
laid. Furniture covers made to order. All orders
will receive prompt attention, aud sat.sfaction
guaranteed.
No. 240 Julia street, between Baronne and Dry
ades. New Orleans. not' I v
ades. New Orleans. not' I v
D
K. JOHN U ANGELL.
DENTAL SURGEON,
Office and residence,
132...............Julia Street...............1 5 J
NEAR CAMP.
All operations in Operative, Mechanical and 8ur
gicai Leatistry carefully performed. Nitrous oxide
and other amestlieties administered. oc2f Jv
ROBERTSON Ac CO.,
fJolisB. Robertson, D. De Haven)
GENERAL AGENTS AND COMMISSION
MERCHANTS,
55.............Grnvier Street .............55
nolft 3m Over E. Conery k Sons.
•y|ARTIN LA.VNES—
STALLS MAGAZINE MARKET, CORNER MAGA
ZINE AND ST. MARY STREETS.
Keeps constantly on hand a choice supply of
Beef, Pork, Mutton, Game and Snuonger
OF EVERY VARIETY.
Families, steamboats, hoarding-houses, etc., tar
nished on reasonable terms, and all puichasee
DELIVERED FREE OF CHARGE. lo 5 ,'ln
riHEAP GAS FIXTURES ANB
PLUMBKRS'- MATERIALS.
SULLIVAN BULGER,
PLUMBERS AND GAS FITTERS,
113 Poydraa, next door to Cnmp street.
Dealers in Plumbing aud Gas Fitting Materials.
House, ship and steamboat work promptly at
Box No. 226 Mechanics and Deal
tended to.
Exchange.
alecs'
au22ly
fJAHOAlA!* 11. II AMD V A CO.,
(Successor to John R. Schiller,)
IMPORTERS OF SA/ERAC BRAND V,
WINES AND LIQUORS,
Noe. 14 and 16 Royal street, II and 13 Exchange
Place, New Orleans, Louisiana.
Devote themselves specially to the importation and
selection of pure
Brandy, Wine*, F hi non*. Ale and Porter.
Their stock consists of
OLD SUPERIOR SAZKRAC BRANDY AND SAZFRAC
1S05, CHOICE BOURBON AND RY« WHISKIES,
From the best known distillers, and held by us to
mature. Champagne aud Burgundy Wines. St.
Croix and Jamai a'Rum, Scotch and Irish
Whisky, from the beet makers; Red White and
Cheuiisse Port Wine, tine pale and ordinary
Sherry, different brands; Holland, Bell and Old
Tom" (Sir R. Burnett's) Gin. Vermouth (Noilley
Pratt aud Toxeno), Absynthe. Anuisette. Cura
goa, French and German Cordials, Ale. Porter
aud Bremen Lager Beer, Anagostura, Boker s;
Hostet tor's. Pyrenees and other Bitters.
We particularly invite attention to our verv select
sto. k of FAMILY CLARhTS aud WHITE WINKS,
which we sell by tbe cask, case or dozen, to suit
purchasers. Liberal inducements offered to city
dealers, and the most careful attention given to or
ders from the country.
THOMAS H. HANDY k CO..
oc3 3m Nos. 14 aud 16 Royal street.
^ILAIMS COMMISSION.
The undersigned has made' ample arrangements
with counsel in the City of Washington for the
prosecution of claims against the United Etatefii
under the late act of Congress.
Address Washington, District Columbia, No.
1423 I street, corner of Fifteenth.
ap!3 JOHN M. G. PARKER.
KSYTH UNITED STATES
STANDARD SCALES
The StroDcem Settle Made.
Every scale warranted, in every respect: 250 var
ties, adapted lu every branch of business.
For price list, or anv information, address
Forsyth ellisox k to..
No. 34 Tchoupitoulas street. New Orleans.
se]2eod3tn
■^yALLAC'E t'lIOPFIN.
(akxdkk l. chuppi.v. william Wallace.)
STAR COTTON GINNERY,
Peters street, between Thnlin and Hunter,
and Hunter street.
Between Tchoupitoulas and Peters.
Our machinery and gin rttande are new. with ail
the latest improvements, with a capai-.ty of turn
ing out forty bales per day. No delays. A supply
of bags always on hand.
We gin for the seed and guarantee satisfaction
Highest market price always paid for seed cotton.
REFERENCES:
S. B. Newman k Co., A H. Peale k Co.
Saile k Caiuniaek,
A. Miltenberger V Co.,
P. Higgins k C
Warren Crawford k Co.,
Penn. Pace k Simmons,
Witherspoon. Moss x Co.
Nelson. Lanphier k C
Johnson x Goodrich,
Robert Hare,
Sam Stafford k Co.,
Hugh Allison k
Barrett k BeSass.tr
Garrard, Craig iCf
John ChalYee k P.roil
K. B. Ernett X Co.,
S. H. Al.v k Co.,
Dr. Sam Chuppin.
Orders left at the ginnt rv. or at our office. No. K
Union street, will rneel with prompt attention.
J Si. 81.I10M18 I/O.,
Now. 19 t'nnnl, 9 Urossnmn and 4 Frost
Streets.
rKALPKS IS
HARDWARE,
IRON AND SHIP CHANDLERY,
Sails and Castings, Hoop, Sheet and Ear Iron,
I Manila and Tarred Cordage, Sail Duck, Plows
Shovels and Spades, Sheet Copper and Zinc,
Anchors and Chains, Axes aud Hoes, Lead P pc
aud Sheet Lead, Paints and Oils, Blocks and cars.
INDIA RUBBER BELTING,
Hose. Packing, and all supplies necessary for
Railroads, Steamships, Plantations, etc.
Agents for the new patent
"Self-Lubricating Packing."
COPPER, TIN, SHEET IRON AND GAS WOEKBR
_ sep5 Iy
JJKLH'AN FERTILIZER.
THE NEW ORLEANS SANITARY AND FERTILIS
ING COMPANY.
No, lit Union Street, Up Stairs,
Have now ready for delivery their superior FER
TILIZING COMPOUND, in quantities to suit pur
chasers. Certificates from well-known citizen
characterize it as superior to Peruvian Guano
while it is sold at less than half the price, and
has no disagreeable odor. Send for Circular.
Price of our Pelican No. 1................per ton
Price of our Pelican No. 2 *45 per ton
Terms—Cash, or approved city acceptance, pay
able December 1. 18T1.
Also, EARTH CLOSETS and COMMODES for sale.
8amples to be seen and orders taken at the office.
fel6 ly
->l. OWEN,
Agent for the sa'e of
FIXE WINES AND BRANDIES. OLD BOURBON
AND-RYK WHISKY.
And various Foreign Delicacies,
Comer Canal and Carondeiet streets, New Orleans.
Clubs furnished. uo iti: m
JjOlIS STERN BKOTI1KK8'
FERT ILI ZERS.
Raw Rone, ^uperphowphnte, F'ine Ground
j Bone.
WILLIAM CUREVY, Agent,
not 3m coil No. 35 Carondeiet street.
fJ^HE GAS OK THE AGE.
The New Orleans Hydro-Carbon Gas
light Company.
This company has just completed a series o*
scientific experiments in the production ot Hydro
Carboh Gas by "Sloper's patents," and rail strungly
recommend these machines as the simplest,
cheapest and most substantial gas machines ever
offered to the public, producing a gas five timet
the illuminating pow er of city gas, and at a much
less cost. For churches, halls, sugar-houses and
country towns this machine ean not W surpassed.
Orders for machines left at the company's office,
No. 5 Carondeiet street, New Orleans, or witb
Meesrs. Jockusli k Co., bankers, Galveston. Texas,
will meet with prompt attention.
J. M. WAGNER. President
JOHN COMMUNY. Superiuti m'.ei.t.
Hkskt Stkkn. Secretary and Treasurer.
Factory, No. 209 Rampart street. ant fm
GEKTK1S,
PRACTICAL O UN MAKER
Dealer anil Jobber of GUNS and PISTOLS, bieac i
loaders, AMMUNITION and FISHING TACKLE
No. 53 St. hai les Street,
NEW ORLEANS.
Arms made to unler and repaired by experl, need
and thorough workmen. Models neatly made l'rcm
drawings with secrecy and dispatch.
Mr. Gerteis expects in a few days a large assort
ment of newly invented Aims. He has now on
hand every article necessary fora sportsman, and
also a great variety of 'loaded and unloaded
cartridges.
A good Gunsmith wanted.
eel ly