wnimaf g-# ga^WBaaP^v. w.
POETRY.
IW: iiteti tor ibe I*rvs? j
klhig ill AlllUktlU
BY R C. M.
1.
Ah lilt is long, though love l»e brief.
And lose uds wither ami never Mow,
bor iovr is like la'e Suuiiuei’s Lai
When Autumn wr mis are singing b»w;
W hen Aiuuu.n (.lasts are oping Lw,
An-I bleak and bare our lives are, O!
Ye? I never, never can mi get
The iai> youi gghlot long ago.
H.
oh, youth is sweet but time speeds fleet,
And i kites and a vear pass quickly, O!
I'iil we hi Mr tlio tr ‘ad of angel leet.
AdU find life’s light is burning low
»nil find our loves are waning, O!—
Yet wii.ii care 1 if' it should be (soi*
Ah, i never, never can fin get
The gliostiv gleams ot Long Ago!
Thu Kabie.
Nae slio»n to hide her tiny Lies,
NhO s ockii g* ..n her feet.
Her supp c ankle, white as roaw
Of tal ly blossoms weet.
Her plmn'e dress ot *priuk!td pink,
Her double, dimpled chm;
Her pmxered lip and bauu.y mou’f
With nae ane tooth between.
Her eon sae like her inither’s een,
Tw i gentle, liquid things,
Her lace is 'ike an angel’s mce—
Wc’rc glad she has nae wings.
Hugh Miller.
Guide-books must certainly have one great
lecommendatiouover couriers; they are dumb
But in those piccious Hurrays and Badeckers
are routes and routines fit to give a man, if
he compass them, au iudiges ion like that
of eatu.g his way through the St. Nicholas
carle, dish by dish. Of course, without them
hall' the pleasure aud use of hasty tours
would be lost; and especially in art is a ne
cessity for most travellers to have the best
works, aud the specific points of merit iu
those works pointed out to them, because
they pay only a lew flying visits to galleries
where pictures are gathered by thousands,
aud where it might take even an artist a
month to lullv discriminate. But, on the
other band it is humiliating in any gallery to
find groups of bewildered people conning
their boons, spending more time over the
pript than the pictures, and quite servilely
toning their notes of admiration to those
there set down for them. Here is lat, good
natured M's. Jones, who wishes to do and
leel whatever and only whatever is highly
proper, staring wildly with all her eyes at a
dim, smoked surface, which, as her book tells
her, should be a masterpiece of Michael Au
gelo. At the end of some hours or days of
hard study, an observer of genius might be
gin to diaw ttie real glory ot the work forth
from its gloom; but chubby Mrs. J., having
inspected it tor three minutes, whispers, “Isn’t
it pertectlv lovely aud checking it thus, x,
wanders off to new scenes.
Deal Mrs. Jones and Mr. Jones, it is not
tor all eyes to see what the guide-book inakei
sees or leigus to see in objects of art, depend
ing as they do lor just appreciation so much
on individual taste or education. It is afl'ect
aiion for ordinary travellers to pretend to find
iu every piece of art all that tfie poet lias
sejn. VVe cannot all detect iu the Dying
Gladiator, though perfect in itself, wbat Lord
Byron lotind there, nor draw from the Marble
Kaun the secret revealed to Hawthorne. Vet
visitors stand “spell bound” before the tur
ner, and claim to svmpathetically follow the
poet’s cjutse of comment.
He beat I it. but he hecueti not-—bis eves
Were w nil bis li-art, a„d that, was lar away;
He terkeU 1101. ol tue l'-( lie lust, n, r jir ze,
But where his lude but by the Danube lay.
'There wne his \oung barbarians ad.at plav,
There was UerDaCian m, tbtr—be iheir sire,
Bu cuered to make a Roman holiday.
So eb'os and flows the masterly [cadence ol
Byron, while to most people, I am sure, the
Gladiator has only the visage of a brutish
athlete, with finer feelings, it there ever were
any, quite gone. He thinks of nothing it
the world but liis own agony—not roiu
enough even o mourn his defeat. The/act
is no' a noble one in the highest sense, and
the superb statue was clearly meant for a
physical not a sentimental study, The paint
er in Roth’s story found the long-sought face
lor Ins “C’bristus Judex” in the Old Man oi
the Mountain; but to ordinary observers it
wotud suggest almost anything else—an
Olympian Jove, or if not, then, let us say,
with its long cbm and high brow, perhaps an
jPyrapian oiive-crowneil Dante Alighieri.—
Old Up Quilibet in November Galajcy.
in view of the stringeut police regulations
in Cliieago and apprehending au influx of
roughs from that cause, the Cincinnati police
h.ivc been notified to arrest all suspicious char
acters.
TV rvt fnTrVIT 1 T 4 l-r.-f /V.T T-.
iiUiJlllUlNAij -n.jSillUJj.Li
Betweek
The Uaited States of America and thi
G -man Empu e
Additional article to the convention foi
’l HE AMEllORATI >N OF IDE POSTAL SERVICE
CONCLl DbD ON THE 21st Ot OCTOBER, 1867 BE
TWJSi-Jf THD. POST DEPARTMENTS OF THE UNIT
EO STATES OF AMERICA AND IHE NORTE
GEl<M »N UNION AS WELL AS To THE ADDIlION
AL CONVENT I >N OF THE 7-23 APRIL, 1870.
As a rr-gul ir steamship line b-tween a port o
Get many au I a port or tne Uuited States ol America
cm i*’ employed ror tbe inispjrtation oi tbe Ger
m i a-A nerican mail? at such a compesnation that tb€
entire cost of transportation between tbe bounda
ries oi ibetwi countries shall not exceed slver
grosobeu for each sing e letter: Now, therefore, tb«
uudersigned du>y aamorizcd bv their respective
governments, thu is to say, tbe government of tbe
U it-cl Siaies ot America ana ihi government o
the German Empire, have agreed upon tue follow
ing addit’onal article 10 the p« sial convention ot iln
21 s< Ociober, 1867, and to the additional conventioi
ot the 7-23 April, 1870:
80LE ARTrCLE.
The single letter ra-e on correspondence exchanged
directly between ilie two administrations bv means
ol sucii steamship line shall t*e as follows, v z.:
1. For idters from Germany to tbe United States:
a. When prepaid in Germany, sdbergro
schen. _
b. When oaid in the United States, 12 cents,
2. For letterB trom the Uuited States to Germany:
a. When prepa*d in the United States, 6 cents.
b Wb<*n paid it Germany, 5 silbeigr. seben.
This additional article takes effect on the date of
the dispatca ot ilie first ma 1 by such ste unslnp line,
and Irom that daie forward has the same duration as
the convention o» ihe 21si October, le67 and the
additional convention ol the 7-23 April, 1870.
Done In duplicate, and signed in Washington on
th imrtv first uay of March, one thousand eight
hundred and s.venty-one, and inBcriin the four
th nih dav of May, one thousmd eight hundred
and i»eveuty-oue.;
[Seal JNO. A. J. CRESSWELL,
Postmaiter General qf the United States,
[Seal.] HEINRICH STEPHEN,
General Post birector of the German Empire.
1 h rebv approve ine amregoing additional arti
olc.and in testimony thereof i have caused the seal
of the Uuited States to be affixed.
U. S. GRANT.
By tbe President:
[Seal.] Hamilton Fisu Secretary of State.
Washington, March 3i, 1871.
W. P. HASTINGS,
OBGJJS
MELOMOJVS,
MANUFACTORY SALES
ROOM,
144 l-S
Exchange tit.
Received the HIGHEST
PREMIUMS in the New
Engloud and Slate Fairs in
18C9.
All luKtruKiiMiis War
rant <1.
Price lists fen 1 by mail.
AVin Se.ii.iu »e i> <iri lor in Install
ments.
I also have Ihe Agencv tor (his Stale lor Ibe
CELEBRATED
Pianos
Tbe leading instrument manufactured in the United
States.
Itememb r 141 J Exchange St,
School Vacation
dfjf, OFFERS AM OPPORTUNITY to the
young to receive smh treatment and in
ELY Functions as their teeth r q.ire. ’The
*h itlien it tuld visit the deuti«r as ot as once in
thr e months to insute a ley ul.tr ami healthy de
velopment or' tl.e teeth
l wmld urge more attention to the children’s
tee'll !htti If vti railv given, especially to the tie
lioo'iVi’J r U:? lji Tire them as much atten
rnv word't a" ir e'''Pn to cess. 1)0 this, and
"oVoriHchdt'emh b“‘
is idmmIstered'dai,1 hat. Ottidt
greatest satietaotioa by0 ®x*t*ct teeth, with th
71 F;z nreet’
_____ uew cow 1&15
ri*i mk m at u. _
BANKEJRS,
tat3 Street, Boston.
J»FALERS IN
American and Foreign Specie ami Coupons,
BUY AiVO DULL;
City, Stale, County and Coiled States Bonds.
AGENT* FOR THE DALE OF
Rapids, and Minnesota
Northern PAC,»;,?IfB."1<K3, |,Jl' cent in <io,'i.
ami toe U. s. Funded Loan BoXU's’ 7 :M0 iu Oold,
Ai.mo, FOR DALE
European and Nor.,,,
OAtiE it. it. Bonds, o i, .R.It3AN First Mort
tureat. I cut ,n Hold, at 90 and in
We draw Exchange on N„„
llnntrctii, Ml, John, and IIniii..1 1:1 mieco,
and Seil on Commission Stocks If**’ “ml Buy
toil aim .New Yoik. Inquiries by man n B,,a
answcred. 5 ‘a'*,1 Promptly
Inspect.I attention to packages received by
sep!8 eod 13w cypress.
2FL DOLLAhS PEK W EEK to male or At, r
*J inmate. 1000 Agents Wanted. Ad
dress with two stamps,
F. A. SliATTTT.JK CO.,
aPr2M Augusta, Me,
MEDICAL.

i
i
Are endorsed and prescribed b\
more leading Physicians than any other Tonic oi
Stimulant now in use. They are
A Sl'BK PREVENTIVE
For Fev r aid Ague, Intermittents, Biliousness and
all disorders ari.-n g Rom malarious causes. They
aie highly recoin run led as an A uti-Dywpcptic,
and in cases or RidixeMiiou are Invaluable. As
an A|>iM*ii%cr and Krcuiicruut, and iu cases ot
Creu«*ral Debility they have never in a single in
stance tailed in pr ducing the most happy results.
They are particularly
BENEFICIAL IO FEMALES,
strengthening the body, invigorating the mind, and
giving tone and elasticity to the whole system. The
Home Hitler* are compounded with the greatest
care, and no tonic stimulant has ever betore been
offered to the public so PLEASANT TO THE
TasTE and at the same time combining so many
remedial agents endorsed by the medical fraternity
as the best known to the Pharmacopoeia. It costs
but little to give them a tair trial, and
Every Family Hhould Have a Bottle.
No preparation iu the world can produce so many
unqualified endorsements by physicians ot the very
highest standing iu their proiessiou.
-JP" Endorsed also by the Clergy and the leading
denominational papers
United States Marine Hospital,
St. Louis, Mo., Oct. 8,1870.
'James A. Jackson Co— I have examined the
lormuia tor making the “Home Stomach Bitters,”
and used them in this hospital the last tour months,
I consider them the most valuable tonic and stimu
lant now m use, S. H. MELCHER.
Resident Physician in charge U. S. Marine Hospital.
James A. Jackson Co—Gentlemen: As you
l ave communicated to the medical prolession the
recipe ot ihe “Home Bitters” it cannot, theretore he
considered as a patent medicine, no patent having
been taken tor it, We have examined the formula
tor making the “Home Bitters,” ami unhesitatingly
say tlie combination is one ot rare eAcellence, all the
articles used in its composition are tbe best of the
class to which they belong, being highly tonic Stim
ulant, Stomachic, Carminative, and slightly Laxa
tive. The mode ot preparing them is strictly iu ac
cordance wiili the rules of pharmacy. Having used
them, seen bsefteets in our private practice, we take
pleasure in recommending them to ail pert-ous de
sirous ot taking Bi ters as being the best Tonic and
Stimulant now offered to the public.
Frank G. Porter,
Prof Obstetries and Diseases oc Women, College ot
Physicians, and 1 te member Boaid t Healto.
L. i H. Boisliniere,
Prot. Obstetrics and Diseases oi Women, ot Louis
Meuical College.
Brake McDowell M. D
Late President Missouri Medical College.
E. A. Clark, M D.,
Plot. Surgery, Medical College, ano the late Resi
dent Physician City Hospital, St Louis, Mo.
Hsrbeit Primm, Pro!.,
Prnnllnnl Pliormo.w V I nnij /'.ill....,, Dlw...
macy.
J.€< Whikball, Enq.,
pi Medical archives.
All’ed lleacock, M D Dr C V F Ludwig
C o erricks, M D, S Gratz Moses, M D
C A Ware, M D, W A W i'cox, M D
E. C. 1'iuuhliu, iVI JO.
Prot. ot Homeopathy Meu.cai College.
T J Vast hie. MD. i u Comstock, M D,
Prof of Midwile y and Diseases oi Women, College
Homoeopathic Physicians and Surgeons.
Joliit I (tuple, »J.
Pint Materia Medica and Therapeutic, Homoeopath
ic Meuical College 01 Miss* uri.
Juo. (Lviizlcutau ill. 1>, Lecturer
On Diseases ot Chile ren. Horn oe ipaihic Col It ge of Mo
i ha leu Vastane. (?I. hi*.,
Prot of Physiology, Homoeopathic Medical College
of Missouri.
John Ilnrlmno, ITS D.,
Prot ot Clinical Medicine, Col. homoeopathic Phy
sici tns and Surgeons.
They are superior to all other Stomach Bitters.
ftCuuo Bandera, Analytical Chemist.
No Bittors in ihe world can excel them.
Siuiou llirsch, Analytical Chemist.
Euiiueut Phyniciau* of Chicago.
The formula ol the Home Bitters has been sub
mitted to u> and we believe them io be tlie best ton
ic and stimulant lor general use now ofiered to the
public.
H Woodbury, M D
G A Maiiner, Analj, tical Jas V Z BJauey, M D,
Chi mist, Prot. chemistry, Bush
H S Hahn, M D, Medical College
h, DcVicar, M D J B Walker, M D,
Mor’u Bains, M D, T S Hoyne, Al D,
R Ludlaiu, M D, *j hos T Ellis. Al D
Jas A Collins, M D, J A Hahn, M D
Eiuineul Physician* in Cincinnati.
Ne .rly all of whom are Prolessors in one or the
oilier ot the Medical Colleges.
No other Bitters have ever been offered to the pub
lic embracing so many valuable remedial agents.
J L Vattier Al D LA James Al D
C T Simpson, M D, S P Bouuer, M M.
S C Muse raft, M D, G W Bigler, M D,
W T TaUia-erro. Al D, J J Quinn, AI D
J H Buckner, Al D, W Lt Woodward, Al D
G A Doherty. Al D, R S Wayne, Chemist,
C Woodward M D, G K Taylor, AI D,
1) W McCarthy. Al D, P F Man.v, M D,
R H Johnson, IVI D, SB Tomlinson, al D
Eminent Physicians in Memphis.
TLi> Home IT it ter» aro an iuvaluublu remedy tor in,
digestion and diseases arising form malarial causes.
G. Thornton, M D., Aiex. Erskine. M D,
in charge City Hospital, Al R Hodges. Al D,
J Al Rodgers, M D, Paul Otey, Al D,
H W Purneii, M D, Al A Edmunds, M D,
San lord Bell, Al D, Jos. E Lynch AI D,
(1 B Thornton M D, Alex Erkskine. M D,
in charge City Hospital, AI R Hodges, AI D,
J AJ Rodgers, M D, Paul Ote\, M D,
11 VV Purnell, Al A Fdmunds, M D,
Santord Beil, M D, Joa E Lynch Al D
Enincut Physicians in Pittsburgh,
B F Dake, AI D, Wm. Lowes, AI D,
W R Childs, Al D, D H Willard. AI D,
O Wuth, chemist, J H McClelland, Al D,
And Hundred* of Olliers
In all parts or the North, West and South.
J E Garner, AI D Milwaukee.
Council Bleft's, March 27, 1871.
James A Jackson Co—Having examined the
torinma of ihe ‘‘Home Stomach bitters,'* I hive
prescribed them in practice tor some lime, and pro
nounce them the best Tonic Bitters now in use.
I*. H. ittc liahm, L?Jt. D.
WF“For sale by all Druggists and Grocers.
James A. Jackson Co, Proprietors.
Labratory 105 and 107 N Second st, St Louis, Mo.
For sale by
John W. Perkins Co,,
july26-uGino Portland, Me.
"'J'llK RISBJbO SCA
Stove Polish,
For BRILLIANCY, SAYING ot LABOR, DU
RA B1LITY, and CHEAPNESS. UNEQUALLED,
In bulk lor stove-oealers use at 12 cts. per lb.
JflOBNE BROi., Prop’s,
Odld12w Punlnn Ainas.
Apoles,
Butter.
JO ST BEOUTED
300 Bbls Michigan Apples.
100 Tubs choice Vermont
Butter,
Car loads ot apples for Sale, to arriveor from store,
it lots to suit. octll lw*
HORSE,
itS. Harness Beach Wago,
Bor Sale Cheap
ENQUIRE OF
ISAAC lift I ft SIT,
Corner of India Middle S|«.
eep25tt

Do YOJJ FEEL WEAK AND LANGUID IN
CONSEQUENCE OF OVER EXERTION?
Have you taken cold Are you afflicted with
Rheumatism, or pains olany kind try one of
Wells’ Machine -spread Strengthening Plasters.
They will certainly cure.
They are composed of choice emollient gums
spread on the finest kid, of three different sizes’
and are worn with ease and comfort. Sold bv
Druggists, price 15,20 and 30 cents each.
F. C. WELLS CO.,
192 Fulton Street, N. Y.
*___♦_*
QOCND WHITE TEETH, HEALTHY GUMS
constant^use'of*1'BKEAT^'are 8«^edby the
TEtTRSTONS’IVORY PEARL TOOTHPOWBER,
it is the best Dentifrice known.
fold by Druggists and Dealers in Fancy Goods,
rice 25 and 50 cents per bottle.
F. C. WELLS CO.,
J IBS Fulton Street, New York.
3 H H H U U
THE CELEBRATED
Cucumber Wood
PUMP!
1 he Simplest, Most Durable,
and Cheapest Dump
in use.
They neither Rust, Poison, or give the slightest
taste to the water, hence, are much superior to
_ielal or other wooden Pumps. Made I.y accurate
machinery, perfect in all (heir parts, raising a largo
amount of water with a little labor; durable and
reliable, they are acknowledged, alter years of thor
ough trial
The Best and Cheapest Pumps made.
They are adapted for Cinterns an J any depth ot
Well up to 46 leet. Easily arrraiwd ho an not to
feeze, and so simple in construction tb»t any one
can put them up and keep them in repair.
Kendall Whitney,
general Agents for the State ot Maine.
Wood! Wood!
I H '‘^Vu sue*?F aK?” XSgs.at N°- 4:i Lin
WM. HUSK.
BONDS.
A j
Safe ami Profitable
INVESTMENT.
First Mortgage Bonds
i 1
'o a limited amount, upon a railrt ad wlrch is well lo-
»led for business, and which lias been already largely j
onstructed with the tunds oi its Stockholders, can-
lot be otherwise than sale. This security is mcreas- j
d if the Coii.sfruciing Company is composed ot men j
•t high character, ai d ot ample means tor success
ully carrying through any work lliat the> undertake.
THE
Vew Orleans, Mobile and Texas
Railroad Company
)fler lor sale a bond which; combines these advan
ces lo an unusual degree, The route lies betwesn
Mobile, Alabama, and Houston, Texas—passing
hrougn New Orleans, the New York oi tlie South.
M the who e line ot 475 miles, about two-thirds are
‘■ready built, and the Stockholders have expended
iearly TEN MILLION HOLLARS in the work,
rhe bonds now oftored are secured by a mortgage
open all that part ot the line west ot New Orleans,
which has eu enormous traffic assured to it from the
start, this being the oniy rail connection by which
the cotlon, corn, cattle aud other productions oi Tex
as can reach New Orleans.
So important is this road considered to Louisiana,
that the State has made very liberal grants in aid ol
the enterprise, by eirect donations, by endorsement
ot second mortgage bonds, and by subscriptions to
the stock el the Company, amounting in ail to over
eight million dollars.
The Fiist Mortgage
Eight Per Cent. Ponds
Now offered, are limited in amount to $12,500 per
mile, and are tor $1,000 or £200 eacu, interest payable
January and July, at the rate ot 8 per cent. Cur
rency or 7 per cent. Gold, at the option ot the holder.
Bonds registered it desired.
AmoDg the leading Stockholders ot the Company
are Hon. E D Morgan, Ex-Governor and Ex-U S
Senator; Hon John A Griswold, Ex-Lieutenant
Governor, Troy, N Y; Hon Oakes Ames, M C., Mas
sachusetts; Messrs Morton, Bliss dfc Co., I Von Hoff
man Co.,J W Seligman Co., Harrison Durkee
and others, ot New York; Beujamin E Bates, Pres
ident Bank ot Commerce, Franklin Havens, Presi
dent Merchant’s Bank, Boston, and others, also
well known,
The above statement of facts proves the Safety ot
these Bonds. Their Pioflt is equally manifest upon
examination. They are sold for the present at 90,
and accrued inteiest lrom July 1st. At this price
.hey afford a certain income lor torty-five years, ot
nearly nine per cent, upon their cost. One thousand
dollars invested in these eight per cent, bonds will
give the purchaser more than seveuty-seven per
cent, greater annual interest than the same
amount invested in the new Government
Five Per Cents, while holdeisot Government Sixes
will find a decided profit in selling them at present
high prices,and re-investing in New Orleans, Mobile
aiui Texas Bonds.
Subscriptions will be received in Portland, by
Memin*, SWAN BARRETT, Ranker**
IOO Middle St.
Iff. M. PAV*©!*, Broker, 32 Exchtfugem.
WM. E. WOOD, 07 Exchange St
Information concerning the Company and the
Road, and pamplets containing map and lull de
tails ol the enterprise, can be obtained of the under
signed or any ot the Company’s advertised agents.
W, B. Shattuck, Banker,
AND
Financial Agents -V. O., M. if T. R. R. Co.,
No. 23 Nassau Street, New York.
oct4 d &w403m
A RELIABLE SECURITY
The first mortgage
7 percent. GOLD BOND 3
OB THK
Burlington, Cedar Rapids
A' Minnesota R.,R.
Yield, over S> per eent
In currency, on Subscription Price.
The Chicago, Burlington Quincy Road has con
tracted, bv a traffic guarantee, to invest one-halt
their gross earnings derived lrom this road, in the
Bonds oi this company: which makes a ready maiket
at all times lor these bonds.
They are a first mortgage on a completed road,
running through the richest region in ihe West,
making the shortest line lrom the Great Northwest
to Chicago and 8t. Louis.
The present earniugs, in the dullest season of the
year, pay over 12 per cent, on the mortgage debt.
The loan is nearly placed.
The small balance is now offered at 90 and accru
ed interest in currency, by banks and bankers gen
erally, and
HENliY CLE U S Co.,
;f‘A Wall Ntrcel'Nevr
aug23 W&S Ls wtf,
A NEW
parlor
_STOVE.
MAGEE, the greatest Stove rnven*or in this coun
try, hns just completed a Parlor stove, which
for beauty in design and elegauce of finish, is not
equalled in the market.
One verv DESIRABLE FEATURE in it is, that
lhe Clinker* and Ashe*can he. removed trom the
fire without Disturbing; »he Orate.
WE INVITE EVERYBODY
To Come la and Wee
Magee’s New Parlor Stove,
A. X. JVOVKS SOX,
12 Exchange Street,
SOLE AGENTS FOE
JIageeS tore Ranges,
-AND
FURNACES.
ocU lm
ATTEWriON
YOU CAN BUY
Chamber Sets Jor $24,
At N TAKBOX'S, T.,U6W
And a Large Assortmrut ot
FURNITURE,
CROCKERY,
And flouMe-Keeping 4»ood*
At tha same proportion.
6aSp“Also the Folding Bed which was exhibited at
the Fair and was recognized as one 01 the best and
most useful articles in the market.
GrlF^Don’t forget the name and place.
N TARB0X,15S and I GO Fore Nt.
oclOdM
J o. 165 Middle Street,
JR. At A. F. DARLING
Have received from New York
Silk Velvet* and Satin*, in all colors; Thread
u»;d >luItn Lace*, Ore** aud *«ek Button*
an«l Uinnmenti, Ntar Km broidery Fit aid*.
Fiinve*, m a'l colors.
00111 lwd then 3weod
Eastern Express Co.
HAVING concluded arrangements with the
Portland Sc Ogdensburg Railroad Co. for the Ex
press business over that road, we shall run our Mes
sengers between Poitland and North Conway, twice
daily, on the 7 30 a m and 1 30 pm train, itceiviug
business tor all staiions on tlie hue, aud connecting
with tne several Stage Lines.
Goods called tor in any part of the city by leaving
orders at the office. Plum st. jy20 d3m
±ry Me and jfrove Me
AND see if I will 1 ot give the best satisfaction in
stleaui (ian and Water-piping i have
also on hand a lot ot exce lien I Hoar witch I will
sell lower ihau anv other man in tne Citv. Kepair
ing promptly ami properly done; strict attention
given to g is chandeliers repairing also broken Rose
can be neatly rep ired here,
K. MCDONALD 200 Fore st.. loot of Plum.
sep4U
Ladles’& Gents’ Dining Saloon for
Sale
ATabargaiu, on a leading thoroughfare; good
run of regnlar and transient busiuess: chance
seldom ottered; satisfactory reasons t^r selling.
TAYLOR cO.,
octt6 31 20 State St.,, Boston, Mass.
Dissolution of Copartnership.
'I>HE copartnershie heretofore existing under tho
I style oi «j. JK. Co, is this day
dissolved by mutual consent. O. E. Quimhy wul set
tle the aftatrs ot late firm and continue business at
the old stand.
AARON QUINBY.
C. E QUiaBY.
Saccarappa, Oct 12, 1871. ^oclBtf
HORSED
p ARTIES having good horses can have them win
'er°d upon one of the best (arms iu Oxford couu
ty m Hie town of Bethei. Willbe., Ed oats, corn or
mealaml receive the best ofeare.
dri^r?8neaH0naibJr‘, ,For ,urtlier particulars ad
dress S. R., Box 1812, Portland, Me. sepl9tf
NOTICE is hereby given, that the subscribers have
been duly app in led Executors or the Will oi'
MARY E. SMITH, late of Portland,
in the County ot Cumberland, deceased, and have
taken upon themselves that trust by giving bonds as
the Jaw duects, Ail persons haiy'ug demands upon
the estate of said deceased, are required to exhibit
the same; and ail persous indebted to said estate are
called upon to make payment to
Jv)HN SMITH of Portland,
JOSEPH STACY ot Elliot,
Executors.
Portland, Oct, 3d, 1871. tr ot*Cd3w
MISCELLANEOUS.
Cough, Cough, Cough!
Why will you Coug,. when you cau be so easily re-
ieved by U6ing J
Dr. Well’s Carbolic Tablets?
They are a sine cure for Sore Throat, Cold, Hoarse
less, Catarrh aud all Diseases ol the Lungs, Throat
md Bronchial Tubes. 6 a
From the great number 01 Testimonials as to the
efficiency ot this invaluable medicine the tollowino i
s selected. u v
47 JJ abpaiiseh Ave., Chicago, 111., Jan. 14,1871 i
For the lasi ten years I have been a great suttei
?r tiom irequent attacks ol Acute Bromhitis, ai d
lave never found anything to relieve me irom these
ittaeks uutil 1 tried Dr. Well’s Carbolic Tablets.*’
_ _ Elizabeth T. R#ot.
M ATTTTfiTNT I>on’t let worm less articles be
4y il palmed oft on you, be sure vou 1
;et only Well’s Carbolic Tablets
Platr St-, N. Y., Sole Agent.
SOLD DRUGGISTS. fcrice 25cts. a Ihix
For sale by W. F. Phillips Co„ Portlaud, Me.
juy2lt3ni _
Wells’ Carbolic Tablets,
fc'or Cou^iiM, Cold* and 11 oa rote neat*.
These Tablets piesent, the Acid in Combination
with other efficient remedies, in a popular loriu, tor
the cure ot all Throat and Lung Diseases. Hoarse
ness and Ulceration ol the Throat are immediate y
relieved, a*.d statements ate constantly being sent to
the proprietor of reiiei in cases ot Throat difficulties
oi years standiug.
rUTT’Mntf I>"»t be deceived by worthless
U J y *-J-VJ.M imitations. Get only Wells’Car
bolic Tablets. Price 25 Cts. per Box.
JOHN Q. KELLOGG, 18 Platt St., N. Y.
Send lor circular. Sole Agent for the U. S.
oct2f d4w
detailed by one. Wanted agents to sell
jUV/VJpic lures everywhere, Wbiiney Go.,Nor
wh ich, Ct. sep8$4w
WATJH FREE. Prize Candy Boxrs. Prize Sta
tionary Packages, Cheap Jewelry, Ac. Silver
Watches given gratis to every agent. $20 per dav
made selling oui goods at CuuntiyFairs and Political
Meetings, Send ior circular, address, Munroe Ken
nedy Co., Pittsburgh, Pa. sep3u£4w
Free to Book Agents,
WE will scud a hand-ome Prospectus of our
NEW ILLUSTRATED FAMILY BIBuF
containing orer 'AOO flue Scripture Illustration. to
any Book Arent, live ol charge. Address Nation
Publishing Co., Philadelphia, Pa. tsepju diw
Free Three Months on Trial.
A FIRST CLASS LARGE QUA RTO JOURNAL.
04 coiumus. Illustrat' d. Or one }ear tor do
cents, with t,wo bound ec<ures, by James McCosh,
Dp., LL D., and E. O. Haven, D. D., LL D aspre
mi a ms. Send name and address to PEOPLE’S
JOURNAL, Springfield, Mass. tsep30-u4vv
Agents, “and All Men,”
LOOK. This w-iy for business, with a CER
TAINTY cfciearit g %75 to OO per mouth.
Seud us your names and residences, and lull in
formation will be torwarded. tttHt time to op*
erate is Fall and M inter. Apply at once to
D. L. GUERNSEY, Concord, N. H. tsep3iMl4w
(Di FL was lately paid by Congress to a
tJjV-J■ V/v_/vJ lady tor her nravery in saving
emigrants from the Indians. She was a Prisoner
amoug them, ‘•tly a nplivalv uuions the
Mionx,” price $1 r>0, is lier wonderiui siorv. En
dorsed by Chieis, Army Officeis, Congressmen, etc.
Agents will find no book Beds like his. For ladies it
is particularly adapted. We cbaiga nothing lor
circulars with lull inform mon. Address MUTUAL
PUBLISHING COMPANY, Haruord, Conn.
S«rp30-d4wt
$10 from 50s
Book Abhihs \V suited tor “A Wo
man's I'iigrunag'e”
To tbe HOLY Laxo, by Mrs. b. M. Griswold. This
latest woik o! this popular authoress, is an inter
e8tiiig uaria-ive other experiences during a tour
through Europe ami the Ea-t, ill company with
‘‘Mark Twain" and ihe ''Quaker City" party. A
hands me volume, lully illustrated. \ve ofler extra
terms and premiums to agents. Seod tor Circulars.
J. B. BURK HYDE, Hartford. Conn. sep30-<14wt
DO VC1U WANT (Il'SI Rk*s if Our new
Book. (SIGHTS AND .SENSATIONS, is out.
We oner 15 per cent, more com mission to ageurs
Ihan heretofore. It will pay
1 UW 1 PARMEiUJ WANTED, to intro
i dace Alex. Hyde’s IjJlCTVJKIlM
AGKIi)(IliTUItl<, a bcok every farmer
netds, and most will buy when they see it. A rare
chance for turuii g spare hours into cash. 0^ We
charge nothing for circulars, a d mil Information of I
either boob, and offers to agents. Send and get
them. Address AMERICAN PUB. CO Harifold.
_ _ sep30-d4tw
WANT FO, Agents in every county to canvass
lor Snb-cripiions to a popular literary paper.
A Kin ml some Pi'rmium given to every sub
scriber. Good work and large pay. Address BEN
EDICT CO., Burlington, Vt. sep30-d4wf
JURUBEBA
It is not a physic—It is not what is popularly call
ed a Bitters nor is it intended as such. It is a South
American plant that has been used for many years
by the medical laculty of those countries with won
derful efficacy as a powerful alterative and unequal
cd purifier ot the blood and is a Sure aud Perfect
Remedy lor ail Diseases ot the
liver and spleen, enlargement or
OBSTRUCTION OF INTESTINES, URINARY,
l TERINE, OR ABDOMINAL ORGANS, POV
ERTY ORA WANT OR' BLOOD, INTERMIT
fiFJST^SIt^SEJUTThNT ™VERS. INFLAM
MAI ION OR I HR: LIVER, DROPSY, SLUG
GISH CIRi ULAUON Ob THE BLOOD. ABS
JAUNDICE, SCROFULA,
DYSPEPSIA, AGUE If FEVER OR THEIR
CONCOMITANTS mt.u,
Dr Wells* Extract of Juruboba
is offered to the public as a great invigorator and
remedy for all impurities of tbe blood, or for organic
weakness with taeir attendant evils. Fur the lore
going complaints
JTJRUBEBA
is confidently recommended to every family as
a household remedy and should bs lreely taken in ail
derangemems ot the system.
Jt gives health, vigor and tone to all vital forces,
and animates and fortifies all weak and lymphatic
temperaments.
JOHN Q. KELLOGG,
18 Platt St., New York.
Sole Agent for the United Sta»es.
Price One Dollar per Bottle. Send lor Circular.
sep22t8w
WANTED AGENTS
FOR
T. S9 ARTHUR*S
Latest and Greatest Work.
Oeange Blossoms.
This iascir.ating book, bylhe most popular of liv
ing American Authors, is sure to command an im
mense sale, and d great good. Splendidly iliustra
trated, uniquely lor; ml, ami univer.-aliy praised bv
the press, f or illustrated Ci'cuiar anu terms, Ad
dress, GEO. MAGLKAM, Publisher, 3 School St,
Bosiou._ 8epU0t4w
Crumbs o OonaJtort
Patented November 1,1870.
Samples sent free to all Grocery Stores, H. A.
BAKTLEiT CO., Philadelphia. scp*19t4w
1/vuU kJ Humiuer luvigorator.
Mold by nil DrueiiiNtN. “l&T
41 ne^VolTar. JA ITVIIIC
septl9 d4wt
A MONTH.—Horse and carriage
turnisbed: expences paid: sam
ples free. li. ti, SHAW, Alfred
Mo. sepiFjAw
RUPTURE
Relieved and Cured by Dr. Sherman's Patent Appliance and
Compound. Office, 6if7 Broadway. N. Y. Send loc. for book
with photographic likenesses of cases before aud after cure, with
the Henry Ward Beecher case, letters aud portrait. Beware of
traveling imposters, who pretend to have been assistants of Dr.
Sherman. Ho has no Agents.
WANTED—AGENTS per di»y)to Fell the
celenr ted HOME SHUTTLE SEWING MA
CHINE. lias the “under-feed,'* makes the
“lock BTiTon,” (alike on both sides,)and is fully
licensed. The best ami cheapest family Sewing
Machine in the market. Address JOHNSON,
CLARK CO., Boston, Mass., Pittsburgh, Pa.. Chi
cago, ill., or St. Louis, Mo. sept‘22t4w
oct2f4w
OlQQn For 1st class Pianos—scut outria'—no
kpcic/ v/ag’is. Address U. Piano Co., 645 Broad
way. N. Y. octet* w
ELISIONS0F
THE WORLD
£*.Lompris ng the History of all Religious Denomina
tions. and the origin and condition o
The VariouN MerlM of C hristian*.
Jews and Mohammed tns, as well as Pagan forms of
religion in lilt oiftcrent countie s of the earth, with
Sketches of the Founders d the various Religious
Sects, from I be best authorities, by Vincent L. Mil
ner. With an app* unix by Rev J. Newton Brown.
I>. Editor of “Encyclopaedia oi Redgious Knowl
edge.”
Agents Wanted eveiy where. The most libral
commission paid. For tun p irticuiais address Brad
ley Co., 6i N. 4th St,., Htiiladeipbia.
N. B. We have the be?t selling Family Quarto Bi
bles published. Send tor circular. oct2|4w
POPERY.
THU FOE OF 1HE OHUBCH
AND REPUBLIC.
What it has clone. What it is doing and what it
means 10 do. Us power, despotism, nlalllbilitv
traiins, rebels nnrdes, lilelat.v, peisecutions sinrtl
ling d imes,and New Vork Hioin.
Send lor circular. Address Peoples Publish!.,,, rv,
£74 Maine st, Springtield Maas. ociattw
For Sale?
«S\ A dark brown horse, live vears n',1
weighs 9?5 pounds sound and ykind, “ree
[T7A trom all vices or tricks, a good rraulsinr
i jy 3 has been driven by a Lady the past season
and will?!rot or pace at the will ol ibe ,irw, pr,ce
two hundred and twenty live dollars. For i.artir™
lais addres Jr iMI lK 11
_8e"2l,tn0Yl_Portland. Me.
Hyacinth, Crocus, Tulip.
DUTCH 6c OTHER BULB8.AND FLOWER
lu great variety, lor Pall Planting.
Catalogues to applicants,
W. 8TR0NG c o„
Board.
A PROMT R«K>M, Mroished or nniui ..iukQ i
g*K)d board at 13 M j rtle street, 9ep20ilW tU
MEDICAL.
6 J. R. H O l
CAJ» BJt *Ni Ni> *1
PRIVATE MEDICAL ROOMS
J7£ Cumberland street,
Ut. can o* ^i^mteu privately, ana win
V% the utmost confidence by the articled, at.
onto daily, and from 8 A. M. to U r. M.
l><. M addresses those a ho are Buffering under the
fillet oil et; rival* disease®, wheibsi arising from
npure eenneot ion or tht terrible vice ol seli-ahtw.
)evotiTig liis entire tlm6 to that parr!cula7 branch of
b* medical profession, he teelr, warranted in <iriAB«
L«ffci5i2Tfl i Cuax ie l ll Oasfh, whether of i^u4
tending or recently contracted, entirely removing tkl
kress of disease from the system, and meklai* a per**
$01 and v«»ma*»ni ouba.
tfe would call the attention e? ths. filleted to tat
tot of longstanding and weU-earavd reputation
urr.i*itin« ait ctent a** crane* of bis skill and sto»
eas. _
*c -’3l'S S*Kk-JI«,
JSvery intelligent and thinking person must know
hat remedies handed out tor genera! use should barn
hetr edioacy established !,y well tested experience In
be hands of a regularly educated physician, whose
iroparatory studies fit him for all the duties he must
ulfil; yet th© country is flooded with poor nostrums
rnd cure-f porp^j tg to be the best in the world,
rhlch are not o®uw selsss, but always injurious.
Che unfortunate l be r abtiguilar in selecting
lis physician, as it Is t. lamentable yet inoontrcvesK*
>!e fact, that oiao* syphilitic patients are made mia
jrable with rumA constitutions by maltreatment
from inexperienced physicians in general practieo j for
[tlsa point generally conceded by the beat vn hilogra
Ihorc, that the study and management of these com®
Ilaints should ougross the whole time or these who
would be competent and successful In their treat*
Blent and -jure. The inexperienced general practi
tloner, having neitb ;r opportunity nor time to mak«
hln.se’r acquainted ;fith their pathology, coiomonlj
pursues one system A treatment, in most cases mak
,ag an indiscriminate use o f '.hat antiquated and dan
gerous weapon, the Mercury.
fa&r* i
Al who have committal an excess o! any ind*
hether it be the Bolitary vice of youth, or the tiug
ng {t bake of misplaced confidence in maturer years,
SEEK ITCH AN ANY'DOTE IN SEASON.
She Faina and Aches, ami Lassitude and Nervous
Prostration that may tollow Impure Coition*
are the Barometer to the whole system.
Co not wait for the consummation that is sure to fol
low; do not wai* for Unsightly Ulcers, for
Disabled Limbs, for Loss of Beauty
and Complexion.
ttsrsr JSfcauBV uato ‘fCeaslryt« ^kii
by \ZJ»!kdi»wy
ITouog men troubled with emissions in sleep,—a
tom plaint generally the result of a bad habit In
youth.—treated acientfci'iaUy and a perfect aure war
ranted <vr no charge made.
Hardiy a day passes but we are consulted by one or
mjre yoong cien with the above disease, some of
f'loa are as weak and emaciated as though they hod
the consumption, and by their friends are supposed te
fiave it. Ail such cases yield to the proper and only
correct course of treatment, and in a short «wu» art
made to rejoice in perfect health.
Sviaiain-iLajeJ JBLeju
Phere are many men oi tfie age or thirty who or*
troubled with too frequent e vac nations from theblsd]
der, often oocompanied by a slight smarting or burn
ing sensation, and weakening the systemIn a man
ner the patient cannot account for. On examining
the urinary deposits a ropy sediment wil loften be
found, and sometimes small particles of semen or aw
eomen will appear, or the color will be of a thininilk
lsh hue. again changing to a dark and turbid appear
ance. There are many mer who die of this difficulty,
ignorant of the cause, which is the
SECOND STAGE OF SEMINAL WEJNftESJ.
i can wan ant a perfect cure xn such oases, and a
fail and healthy restoration of the urinary organs.
Persons who cannot personally consult the Dr„
osn do so by writing, in a plain manner, a descrip
tion of their Us6a5Q3, and the appropriate remedies
wil bt forwarded imxnsd ateiy.
2All correspondence strictly sonSdentlal am* will
bt returned, if desired.
Address: DB. J. B. d OGHK8,
_ 172 C umbei land St., Portland.
JSr Send Stamp for Circular,
SUectie Medical Infirmary.
TO THE &&DISJS,
DB. HUGHES particularly invites all Ladies, wh
aaed a medical adviser, to call at bip rooms, No. 1
treble Street, which they wil find arranged for the!
^special accomniedation.
*^Or. H.’s Electlc Renovating Medicines *is nnriyai
iel in efficacy and superior virtue in regulating all
Female Irregularities. Their action is specific ant*
•ertain of producing relief in a short time
34t-*AGIES will find It invaluable in all cases of ob
■tractions after all other remedies have been tried in
vain. It is purely vegetable, containing nothing In
tie least injurious to the health, and may be tuV.ni
with perfect safety at ail times.
Sent to an par' of tb* •jountry, with fell direction?,
bj addr^sir* DR. HUGH E8,
anl lRCSd&w No 1*2 CviLber)st«l Siieei, l fillaml
CORNS, CORNS!
Life has its temptations, sorrow? and trials, and
the greatest ot all, although uot dangerous,yet it will
be readily admitted, that Corns, Bunions, Ingrow
ing Nails and other ailments ot the feet are a source
of great annoyance. Id vain you scrape, rut and
dig at them, at every changing atmosphere they will
still send their piercing darts lortb like flashes ot
lightning in sharp, piercing, and unrelenting pain.
Thev torment a person to a greater degree Ilian oth
er a fleet ions. Dr. J. Briggs, flit well-known Chiro
podist has produced sale ami reliable remedies,» Al
leviator an 1 Curative. Sold by Druggists.
PILES, PILES,
1 A very common affection, there being but lew
persons who are not troubled with them at some pe
riod ol their life. The disease exists insmal tumors
in the rectum or about the ai.us, which are divided
into, first, those which are owing to a distendnd
state of the veins ot the part,and second, those which
present the character of a solid tnmor. When the
tumors are within the rectum, they are called inter
nal piles: when without, and around the anus, ex
ternal. When they discharge blood they are term
ed bleeding piles; a d when no blood appears, blind
piles. Nothing equals BRIGGS* PILE REMEDIES
for the\r cure. Sold by Druggists.
HEADACHE, &C.,
^.Headache.—Theie is ill every class ot society
vast numbers who suiter with Headache Neuralgia
from various couses. Over excitement ol the ner
vous system, dissipation in eating or drinking, a gen
eral unhealthy condition ot the stomach or liver
constipation, &c. Ill tact there are nearly as many
causes as sugerors. Dr. J. Briggs’ AUevantor is a
pleasant and positive remedy ior the various kinds
ot Headache Neuralgia.
This wonderful temedy has gladdened many a sad
and weary heart, and is still on its mission o! inercv.
Sold by M. S. WHITTIER, Junction of f*ree and
Congress sis, EMMNONS CHAPMAN, cor. Middle
J. K. HUNT Co, 348 Congress
m'A 2£ cor. Fr.'inklir. and Congress sts,
MARK dr DAVIS, cor. Congress and North sts, and
£r,u,g.gIs.ts generally. Trade supplied by W. H.
CATARIUI
A LL suite rn g wdth that disgusting disease, Ca
tarrli, a rr informed ihat there is a cure within
their reach, m DR. II. P, EVANS, French
C atarrh Remedy, cures all troub.es arising Irorn
latarih, fuch as uenness, Dzziness, Headache,
constant-swallowingNoigts in fht Ears, Nasal poly
pus, Dimness o sight. &c. Purities the breath and
prevents Consumption. For Sale by all Druggists.
Price, large bott les, 75c hall size 50c. Wholesale an 1
Retail, at 254 Cougress st., Portland, where all or
ders must be addressed.
augild&wiy_A. O. WILKINS, Agent.
For Purifying the Blood.
A positive cure tor Dyspepsia, Constipation, Indi
gestion, Bilious Comp a nts and all diseases
having their or gin in an impure statej
ot the Blood.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
PRICE 50 CENTS.
Sold by A. S. Hinds, L. C. Gilson, Emmons, f'hap
man, W. F. Phillips Co., John W. Perkins Co,
Wholesale Agents.
AlayC-dlv
DR.R.J. JOURUALN,
P&OPKIBTOB OP THE
Parisian Gallery of Anatomy, Boston,
HAS just published a new edition ot his lectures,
containing most valuable information on the
causes,consequences and treatment ot diseases o<
the reproductive system, with remarks on marriage.
and the various causes of the loss of manhood, with
tnll (instructions for its complete restoration;
also a chapter on venereal infection, and the mews
of cure, being the most comprehensive work on the
subject ever yet published, comprising 150 pages.—
Mailed free to any address lor 25 cents. Address,
Dr. Joimlain’s Consulting Office,
61 Hnncork Slrfft, lio, ion, IUh...
JuntMlyr
Ask your Grocer for
Crumbs of Comfort 1
oct2$4w
Reduction of Prices I
TO CONFORM TO
Reduction of Duties I
Great Saving to Consumers
By Gluing up €llabn.
iJEg^'Send for our new price list and a club form will
accompany it, containing lull d:rections—making a
la*ge saving to consumers and remunerative to club
orgauizars.
The Great AmeriCivuTea Compa'y,
mum aircri, S.oa’K.
P.O. Box5643.?on22t8w
hu« 111* ;k-lk-».'v *u:*i i
ijQ'rr. i-v •alao l'.irJi:.-.
'hf --Col SV ui ST KCiiliM
T°^t:Tc'^'Co>n
the Toilet of 8qa y. UIQQPj~
every Luily 01; ,d</ **4
th-iuiiii. Sold by l>rufci?int
and Beaten In PERFCHERV?
TliJhJA-rS KCTAK
Isa Pure Block Tea with
the Green Tea flavor.
Warranted to suit all tastes.
For [sale everywhere in our
“trade-mark” pound and halt
pound packages only, And tor
sale wholesale only by the
Circa! Atlantic A Pacific
TEA CO
s Church-Pt.. N.Y. P.O box i»5PG
J®***Seud tor Thra Nectar Cir
cular. oci2t4w _
For Sale.
ITtERROTYPE ROOMS No. 233* Congress street
Portland, Me A good bargain it sold within
fifteen days. sep19tt S.T. HAMMETT,
RAILROADS.
$5.00 SAVED
Repurchasing ticket* via the
Grand Trunk Railway
FOB- I
OALIFO RNIA,
Or any olhcr point in the
4>IEtIAT WEST.
fl'onotbe deceived by “Old reliable office,” or
’best routes” advertised by other parties but tail
it Grand Trunk Offi *6 under Lancaster Hall, or at
be Depot and obtain prices, and see the saving In
lime and distance. Baggage checked through and
Pullman Cars secured trom Portland to Chicago.
D. 11. BLANCHARD’S, oppo. Preble House,
No. 282 Congress street. Portland, Me.
WM. FLOWERS, EastciAgent,
sept25dtf Buugor, Me
Portland Ogrdens.burs' It. It.
nggsgSK} On and atter|TbU!iJay, Sept 14th, and
until further notice, trains will run as
:oliows:
A. M. P. M. P. M.
Leave Portland, 7 10 130 5 30
Leave N. Conway, 5 45 12 00 1 30
The 7.40 A M trom Portland and 1.30 P M from No
Uonway will be freight trains with passenger car at
tached. 9
Stages Connect
At South Windham, daily tor North Windham,
Caseo: Raymond, and Naples.*
At Sebago Bake, daily tor Standish Corner f
At Steep Falls daily, tor Limington and Limerick,!
At East Baldwin. Tuesdays,Thursdays and Satur
days tor Sebago or*'! South Hridgton t
At Brownheld dahy for :i mark, and Bridgton,
and on Tu« sdaya, I •1 s and Saturdays lor East
Fryer urg.f
At Fryeburg daily loi North Fryeburg and Lovellt
via 7 40 m.
1 via 1 30 p M
Stages leave North Conwaj', daily lor Glen House
and urawfird Home.
HUcamer Nrbago.
For Naples, Bridgton Harrison and Waterford,
connects at Sebago Lake with 1 30 P M train daily.
Traveleis by 5 45 A M trom North Uonway will con
nect with the y 15 a m Portland to Boston arnving
in Boston in season to connect with the 3 pm Soring
neiu rou«e or souoa steamers ior JNew York ana the
South. The 12 OOP m train liom North Conway
conreets in Portland with the 3 30 p m tor Boston,
whi h connects with the 9pm tor New York
via Shore Line or Springfield.
The 1.30 PM tiain from No. Conway, arrive'in
Portland in time lor steamers to Boston, arriving in
Boston in season torall early trains south and west.
Tickets tor Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Bal
timore ai d Washington lor sale at North Conway.
fcy*Ticket office In Portland at the P. K. R. R.
Depot.
J. HAMILTON, Supt.
E3TNo Freight received at the Freight House in
Portland aitei 5 o’clock P M.
Portland Rochester R, R,
Through ltoute to Boston via
Rochester.
-ttMgaa-. ON AND AFTFR WEDNESDAY,Aug
16, 1871, passenger trains leave-Port
land at 7 30 A M,and 1:45 P M.conneeting at Roches
ter w.th Boston Maine Raihoad tor Bos»«n,via Do
vtranu all intermediate stations. With the Eastern
Railroad for Bo ton via Great Falls, Portsmouth and
all intermediate stations. With th Do*er and Win
tnpiseogee Railroad tor Alton Bay, Woifborough.
Centre Harbor and Meredith. With Portsmouth,
Great Falls aud Conway Railroad ior Sonth Milton,
Milton, Uuion and Wakefield.
Leave Rochester tor Portland at 7:40 a. m, on tho
arnvai ot morning trains from Lake Winnipts ogee
and Wakefield, aud at 6:40 p m., on arrival ot the
trains via Boston Maine and Eastern Railroads,
leaving Boston at 3.00 p m.
Way trains leave Portland at 7.30a M.and 1.45 P m,
lor Morrill’s, Cumberland Mills, Saccarappa. Gor
ham, Buxton Centre, Saco River, Hollis Centre,
Centre Waterboro.* South Waterboro’, Alired,
Spnngvaic, East Lebanon, East Rochester, Roches
ter.
Leave Portland at 6 15P m for Morrill’s, Cumber
land Mills, Saccarappa, Gorham, Buxton Centre,
Saco River.
Leave Rochester at 7.40 A M, and 6.40 p m for East
Roches to:, East Lebanon. Npringvale, Allred, South
Wa erboro’, centre Waterboro’, Hollis ijentre, Saco
River, Buxton Centre, Gorham, Saccarappa, Cum
berland Mills, Morrill s, Portland.
Leaves Saco River at 5.30 a m tor Buxton Centre,
Gorham, Saccarappa, Cumberland Mills, Morrill’s,
ai.d Portland.
Stages connect as follows:
At Gorham tor West Gorham, Standish, and No.
Limington, Daily.
At Buxton Centre tor West Buxton, Bonny Eagle
and Limington, dailv.
At Cen. Water borough for l.imer'ck, Newtielo.
ParsobsUeld and Ossipee, Tuesdays Thursdays and
Satur lays, returning alternate days.
At Center Water borough tor Limerick, Parsons
fleld. daily.
Freight train will leave Portland tor Rochester and
intermediate stations at 5 A. M.
Leave Rochester for Portland and intermediate
stations 12.520 P. M.
Iajave Cen ire Waterborough with Passenger Car
attached at 2. 55 P. M. tor Portland and interme
diate stations on the arrival ot stages Irom Limerick,
Newlield, Parsonfield an i Ossipee.
Arrangements have been made to c rry Freights
to ami trom a J stations on the Eastern Railroad
and Boston A: Maine Railroad, and their branches
at rates corresponding with the above roads.
THUS. QUIN BY, Sup*t.
Portland. July 22,1871.
Boston Maine It. It.
Summer Arrangement, June, 1871.
Through Line to BohIou, New York, Lake
WiunipiNeogee, via Mouth Berwick
Junction.
Trains leave P. S. P. Station,
Portland, tor Boston,6.15, 9.15 AM, 3.
30*, 3.45, 6t, P. M.
For Rochester, Abon Bay,Wollboro,aud Center Har
bor, 6.15, A M arriving at Center Harbor 1.15
P. M.
From Centre Harbor tor Portland, 7.30 AM, 1.30
P- M- _
For Manchester and Concord, N. H., via F c. K
R. Junction 6.15 A. M. 3.45 P. M.
For Mancuester and Concoid, via Lawrence 9. 15
A. M.
For Lowell and Nashua 6.15, 9.15 A. M. 3.30*, 3.45,
et. p. m.
For Milton and Union 9. 15 A. M. 3.30*, 3.45 P. M.
From Boston tor South Berwick Junction, North
Berwick, Wells, Kennebuna, Biddeforil, Saco,
heart oro, Portland 7.30,12 M. 3.00 P. M.
From Boston tor South Berwick Junction, Kenne
bunk, Biddetord, Sa30, Portland, 7.30. 8.30*
IV’OTE.—The 6.15 A M. train trom Portland ar
rives in Boston in time to connect with Shore Line
at 11.10 for New York, the South and the West; the
9.15 A Al train connects with the 3 P Al Springfied
Kout^and Soumt Steameis tor New York and the
South. The 3.30 P Al train with tne 9 P Al train for
New' York via «nore Line or Springfield tine.
E^Freight Trains between Portland and Boston
daily.
((Passenger station in Boston, Haymarket Square.
Fast Express.
$Ou Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays only.
W. MERRITT, Sup’t,
PAYSON TUCKER, Agent. Poston.
353 Commercial street, Portland,
dune 24. dtt
EASTERN
Portland, Saco,& Portsmouth R. R,
SUMMER ARRANGEMENT.
Commencing Mondav, Jimc ittih, 18»1.
gMMBBap Passenger trains leave Portland daily,
Portsmouth an'd Boston, (Sundays
excepted, *1.00 a. m., $6 15 a. m 69 15 a. m., $3.30 p.
m., 13.45 p. m., $6.00 p. in.
Lestve Boston lor Ponlandat t7.30a.m., $8 40 a.
m., $12,15 p. m., t3.0o p m $0 00 p. m. *8.00 p. m.
Biddciu.d lor Portland at 7.30 a. in., returning at
5.20 p. m.
Portsmonth ter Portland flO.OO a. m.. $10.40 a m.,
t2 31) p. m. 15.30 p. m. $8.10 p. m. *10.00 p. m.
lhe 6.00 p.m. fains iro»n Portland and Boston
run via Eastern R. K., Monday’s, Wednesday’s aud
Friday's,and via Boston and Maine R. R. Tuesday's,
Thursdays and Saturday’s.
Fi eight i rains each way daily, (Sundays excepted,)
♦Pullman sleeping car express train,
tAccommodation train,
§Mail tram,
f Express.
F. CHASE,
Jnno 26-tfSupt. P. B. P. K, R.
Maine Central Railroad.
SUMMER ARRANGEMENT,
ON and after duly 34, next, 1871 pas
trains will leave Portland. (t*rand
Trunk Depoi)<*t730 A.M.tor Lewiston and Aubuin,
and on arrival ol trains trom Boston,a-1 10 P.Al, lor
Baugor, Dexter, Skowhegan, Belfast, and all inter
mediate stations on the line via Lewiston.
Frum Portland Kennebec depot trains tor Bath,
Augusta.Lewiston, and all intermediate stations.will
leave at 6.00 A. M., and 5.15 P. Al., and for Skowfe
gan, Bangor, Dexter, Belfast, Farmingtou, aud all
intermediate stations, at 1.00 P. Al.. and the night
express with Pullman Sleeping -Jar attached lor
Bangor aud all intermeciate stations, at 1. 00 A. M..
or on arrival of train trom Boston.
Freight trains (irom Grand Trunk Depot) tor Wa
tervillt, aud ah intermediate stations via Lewiston,
leave at 6 20 a Al. and trom Portland Kennebec
Depot at 2.30 A, At., 5.00 A. Al. and 6.15 A. Al., tor
Bangor and intermediate stations via Augusta
Trains will be due in Portland at Grand Trunk
Dei»ot, from Lewiston at 9 A. AL, and Irom Baugor,
Dexter, Beliast and all other stations at 3 P. Al., and
at Portland A’Kennebec Depot Irom Augusta and
Bath at 9 A. M., and from Baugoi, Skownegan, Bel
fast, Dexter aim farmingtou at 3 P. M.
Night Express irom Baugor with Sleeping carat
1 A. Al,
The trains leaving Portland at 110P. M. (Grand
Trunk Depot) and at 1. 00 P. M. (Portland Keu
nehec Depot) connect at Baugor with train through
to Muitawamkeag same night.
K. DW1N NOYES, Supt.
L. L. LINCOLN, Asst. Supt.
Portland, May 25. junttti
GRAH1) TiilMH RAILWAY
OE CANADA.
Alteration ot Trains.
SUMMER ARRANGEMENT.
QSfiBj&ffgsC,' Ou and alter Monday, June 5, 1871,
Trains will run as lollows:
Passengor tram at 7.30 A. Al. tor South Paris
Bryants Pond, Bethel, Gcrham. Nortliumbtrland,
N. Stratford, Island Pond and Aloutreal.
Mail Tram (stopping m ail stations) for Island
Pond, connecting with night mail train for Quebec,
lliwnutni HUU »IIV MCSl, ill I.1U I at.
Accomodation tor South Paris and intermediate
Btatiousat (i.OOP. M.
P»8>enger trains will arrive as tnllows:
From Montreal. Island Pond, Gorham South Paris
and Lewiston, at 8.15 A M.
2 50 pUftl l°ntrea1’ <iorllam. and Bangor at"
Accomodation from South Paris, at 7 20P.M.
a#- Sleeping Cars on all night Trains.
fhe Oompauy are not responsible tor baggage to
any amount e* reeding $50 In,value (and that jiersot
all unless notice is given, and paid tor at tile rate ot
Oue passenger for every *500additional yalue.
1' J. RR YDUK8, Manaqing Director,
a. HA1LKY, Local8*mri»ttJUunit.
Portland, Jun. 5th t. oc27islw-ostl
New and Second-Hand Furniture
Store for sale.
WIf H House-furnishing Goods connected: very
centrally loeated and doing good business:
chance seldom met with; sold on account of sickness,
a bargain is oflered it applied tor immediately.
State st., Boston. Mass.
oc12 d6t
Excellent Business Opportunity.
MILLINEhY and Fancy Goods Store, tor sale,
on a hadiug thoroughfare, well es’abiisbed, reg
ular run ot first class paying customers, good store
with clean and wed selected stock, and will bear
thorough investigation: satisfactory reasons torsell
ing. TA YLOR CO. 20 State St,
ocl2 dot Boston Mass.
STEAMERS.
For Peaks’ Island. |J
Peak’. I.lund Steanalwai Company J
STKA.HEB
EXPRESS,
APT. A. M. Ol IVER.
Watt able of Portland Pier, daily tor
r?.t" at 8,45 A M and 3.15 P M. I
.no 3 45 pm "'“1 leaTe 1’«'»ka> Ixlaad 3 15 AM, c
can be »ocoroui<Klated l>y ap- J
{L1 R (o (he Captain on board. b
PoftlanTV"1 !^ck 25 cent8> children halt prce. b
Portland,Jane 23,1871. je23dtt
sl^CUNARD LINE
OE MAIL STEAMERS
-TO SAJI.
•A1KISCT b lln.tl BOSTON
—roa
qi’IRNSTOK’N AINU UVEBPOOL
ALEPPO. Tuesday, Oet. 17
XRtPOM’1UeS?.a’' t'“y- 7
"I t WLI, I uesday. Nov 14
Steerage Wold.
Uo^Tn MenKerS embark at tL“ Cunard wharf, Ea..
b'KOtl NEW YORK
°°rSKATS- °"SAS^.
J^VA. Oct It BATAVIA? '"."“bet 14
Oct 25 ALGERIA.. ii’ I
Russia...Nov.s. caiabbia ....Nov n
___I_
PASSAGE MONEY
By Wednesday Steamers, By Saturdays StiameTs
•Scoiia Russia excepted Carrying Cabin
Carrying and SteeragePassengers
Only Cabin Passengers _
FIRST CABIN,
FIRST CABIN. Sill le licket. .$80 Gold
Single Tieaet... .*100 Gold Return Tic- ets.150 Gold
Return Tickets.. 220 Gold _
SECOND CABIN. STEERAGE,
Single Ticket.. ,.$so Gold $30 Currency.
Return Tickets.. 150 Gold
----_
•Special Rates per Scotia and Russia.
First Cabin. Second Cabin. i
Single, $130 Gold. Single, $80 Gold
Return, $250 Gold. Return, $150Gold.
____
PREPAID STEERAGE PASSAGES
From Liverpool, Glasgow, Queenstown, or Derry,
to Boston or New York,
$34 CURRENCY.
Passengers booked to all parts of the New Eng- 1
land States.
Draits issued tor £1 and upwards.
For Freight and Cabin or Steerage Passage apply at
THE.COMPANY’S OFFICE. NO STATE STREET. 1
Boston,
„T JAMES ALEXANDER, Ag'l,
OK IN PORTLAND TO
__T. MrtiOWA.N, i
FALL, HI VEH LIME,
For New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,Wash
ington, and all the principal points
West, South and South-West,
Via Tautoa, Vail River aad Newport.
Cabin, $5,00; Deck $4,0u. Baggage checked
through and transferred in N Y tree of charge.
New York trains leave the Old Colony and New- I
port Railway Depot, corner ol South and Kneeland
Itreets,daily, (Sundays exuepted,)as follow.: at4.110
P M, arriving in Fall River 40minutes In advance of
the regular Steamboat Train, which leave? Boston
at 5 :iO P M, connecting at Fall River with the
new and magnificent sreamers Providence. Capt.
B. M. Simmons, Bristol, Oapt. A. Simmons.— i
These steamers are the fastest and most reliable
boats on the Sound, built expressly lor speed, safety
and comfort. This lineconnects with all the South
ern Boats and Railroad Lines from New York ^oing
West and South, and convenient to the California
Steamers.
“T« whippers mf Freight.” this Line, with
its new and extensive depht accommodations in Bos
ton, and lar^e pier in New York, (exclusively for the
business of ihe Line), is supplied with facilities tor
freight and passenger business which cannot be sur
passed. Freight always taken at low rates and for
warded with dispatch. p
Nsw York Express Train leaves Boston at 1.30 i* I
M; goods arrive in New York next moruing about t» I
A M. Freight leaving New York reaches Boston on i
uuiwniuj unj ni a ivA
For tickets, berths and staterooms, apply at the
company’s office at No 3 Old State House, come, cl
Washington and State Btreets,aud at Old Colony and
Newport Railroad Depot, corner of South and Knee-
laud streets, Boston.
Steamers leave New York daily, (Sundays excel*
e<l) ftoin Pie* 30 ^artli Hive*, loot ot Chamber
at, at 5.00 P 91.
Ouso. Su i VKtticK, Passenger and Freight Agent.^
JAMES FISK, JR., President
M. R. SIMONS, Managing DiT«»ctoi Narragansett
Steamship Co.
Nevft dlyr
^ammm——o
Professional Notice.
1>R. J. JACQUES,
LECTURER ON
Anatcmy, Physiology and Science,
luiorms his friends and patients that he has opened
an office for the practice ot his profession at
18 Brown Street,
PORTLAND, me.
where he ma v be coutidentialiy consulted, more espec
ia*ly in all ih.ise cases ol diseases ano detidty loi the
treatment of which he is bo justly celebrated. It is
too well known that hundreds suffer lrom ihoeffects
ol early indiscretiou amt seek in vain lor rebel. Fcr
none but the educated Puysiciau wbo has made
these subjects a speciality Is likely to succeed in re
storing the patient to health and sirength.
Dr. .Jacques alter many years practice begs to an
nounce his treatment is eminently successiui In cur
ing Nervous, Mental and Physical debility, Languor
Depression ot snirit9, Pamtul dreams, Loss ol appe
tite, Memory &c., anil having had great experience
during au extensive practice and received h gh hon
ers and te-timynials tor his superior treatment ot
those diseases requiring skiltul and confidential ad
vice he is enabled to i nsure a sate and speedy cure.
The Do tor partitulaily invites those patients
whose cases may have been neglected or pron uuced
incur able atoace.to place themselves under his care,
assuring them that all that science, skill and long
practice can accomplish will he at their service
He dis iuctly states that no ease will be
undertaken unless a permanent cure can be guaran
teeiL AH letters containing the usual tonsulta'ion
tecSS, and fully describing,the case will be immedi
ately attended to.
Hour- ot consultation from 10 in the morning til
2, and B till 8 in the evening, at his private office.
IS BROWN STREET,
3 Doors from Congress Street,
a PORTLAND, NIK.
<1 3mseplg
DOLLAR REWARD SOAP
Washes without rubbiug: Removes Pitch, Tar,
Paint, Grease. Swear, aud Leather Stains, &c.:
Washei wltn Hot or Cold, Hard, Soit.or Salt Water;
Saves Labor, Time, fuel, Clothes, aud Mouev!
Cij'hes washed with it wear twice aslODg as it wash
ed with common soap. One pound ot it wnl wash
t. om ten to fifteen dozen pieces ot ordinary family
washing It washes the finest lace with.ut inju.v
and renders all articles as clear aud bright as new
_ .The Hollar Reward Soap.
Try it m the Bathroom; it leaves the skin cool
smooth and soft. Use it to cleanse your maible Or
naments, Mantles. Door«steps,<jfi:c..ant» Brick Walks
aud Aileys. Use it with scouring biick in cleausing
iron or steel: it saves halt the labor, and gives a bet
ter appearance. It makes Tin Ware shine like new
and has no equal iu cleansing glass or china. Dis
solved in boiiiug water, it make:* the best and cheap
est Soft Soap in the world.
FOR SALE BY
Chan 91cLaaghliu Co. Portland.
sep9 dl3«
i FAIRFIELD HOUSE,
llCMJALJ.'H MILLS,
!BV RANDALL ANDRKUN,]
Late of the Gardiner Hotei.the Maine Hotel at Dam
ariscotta, and Columbian House, Bath.
Urr-A good Livery Stable is connected with the
House. mrMdtl
FiSHEMM
TWINES AND NETTING,
MASVFACTREl) H
irat. e. hooper <e soys,
Send lor price-list. Haltini.re, Mil.
jel4 dly
NOTICE.
4fTJH E Portland Dry Dock and Ware-House Co."
X have leased their Dorks and other property hi
Cape Elizabeth to dames E. Simpson tor one year
iron Jan. 1.1871, to Jan. 1, 1*12, and during said
time the Company will not be res|K>nsible tor anv
debts coniracted in their name or on their account
unless authorized or approved bv the President oi
the company. CUAS. A.La'MBARD,
President P. D. Dock and Ware-house Co.
By his Attorney, L. D. M. SWEAT
Portland, January 28tb, 1M1 in30ll
FOH 8AL.E,
Coal by the Cargo
BROKEN,
EGdi
NTOVE Hud CHESTNUT COAL
By the cargo at the very lowest market price, de
livered on board at place ol shipment, and will pro
cure vessels to transport the same when desired.
BONN A MTURDIVAItT,
jy254ltf 179 Commercial st.
For Cash or Monthly instalments!
PIANOS,
Organs or* Melodeons.
A LARGE Stock of the above instruments may
be found at
S. F. COBB’S,
_ No 2 Deering Block, Congress street.
Ky Persons intending to purchase will do well in
lAipio
Si F.AMKK-,
aside Line to Mt. Desert
And Machias.
'all and Winter Arrantrement
Commencing Thursday, October 19th.
One Trip ivr Week!
mThe favorite stepmer Lewi>i««,
Capf Chari*1* During, wi• t tav; (until
^SMECrnrlher notice R%i<road Wh ir, Port
j811MB»3B»land, every Thursday b rclna,
iiumcnciiu Thu >wlay the I9ih iu»t at ten o’clock,
•on arrival o» Express Train drum Boston, or
ockland. Castiue, l)*er ls*'e, Seogewck, S. W Har
>r i Mt Deacrt, Millt>iidge, Jotie«j>ort anil Machiaa
Drt.
Returning will leave Mnchia9porf every Monday
torning at 5 o’clock, touching ai the abovo named
ending*.
For further particular* inquire ot Ro»i Sturdi
aut, 179 Co nniercia) si, o
t YKUS STCRD^'ANT, General Agent.
Portland, Oct 8rli, 1871 <*udil
POR T30i*iON.
The new unit sups, .or ,ea goln>
steamers JOHN RROOSS »n*
MONTREAL, bavin s
IL,fV''l'«t great ekpeug. with s hi,.,
"nuraner of haautitul Stu'e Poems,
rtll run the season as follows:
Leaving Atlantic Wharf, Port'ami at To* no*
nd India Whart, Boston, everyday t gc’c'O’k P
I.i Snndavs eicept ed.)
Oabintare....$1,150
Book. 1 .iK.
freight takenas a«ual,
L. JULLlNtl? Aden ,1
May 1,1889-dt!
[nternational Steamship Oo.
Kaatport, I'aluU, und Johu, Dlgky.
Windsor and Hal• fax.
Fall Arransremeut.s.
TWO TRIRSlpER WEE
On and alter MONDAY, Ocl jt.i* r
2d, the Steamer New England
Oapt. R Field, and the steamer
New York, t api K. B. Winchester
will leave Railroad Whan. 1..,. .1
State street, every MONDAY and THURSDAY
at 6 o’clock p. in. for Eastport and St. John
Returning will leave St. John and Eastport o
the same (lavs.
vr Connecting at Eastport will. Steamer
QUEEN, tor St. Andrews and C'alai- n> wi>;
N. B. «St C. Railway tor Woechjtock and Houltoo
stations.
Connecting at 8t. John with the Stsan cr EM
PRESS for Digby aud Annapolis, thence hv radio
Windsor and Hallmr and with the E. N 4
Railway for Shed lac and intermediate stations.'
QSgf Freight received on days of sailing until 4 o’
clock p. m.
septogis t (-21 os A. R. STU BBS. Agent.
For Halifax, Hnva Scotia
WEEKLY LINE.
Thetavorite Steamship cik
LOTTA wdl 'eav 14a it* Wharl
'every HATlKim
4 p- 11 tor Haiiiar di.
rect making close connections with the Nova Sect,.
Railway, ter Windsor, Tnim N»« „nJ
pictou. and with Allan’s Mail Steamers ior Queena
town and Liverp ail.
Returning will leave Dominion Wharf. Halita* «v.
ery Tuesday, ai 4 p M. T
Caldn passage with state Boom *1 00
AtU^tl?rwi!L.1"irrm<“l0n a,,P'y t0 U B,I UNus
abpiait JOHN PORTKOUS. Agent.
^ew Line of Stcnuirr*
^^^Yarmouth Boston
STEAMSHIP CO.
The Al side-wbeel S. 8. Emperor, W. E. Soule Com
mander will Pave Galls tt hart, Portland, ior V ar
month,N. S., every Moolav, at K p. m.. leave Yar
mouth tor Portland every Thursday at 4 p. m cum
necting at Yarmouth with S.earner M a Starr
and Davidson’s Line of Coaches, ior Halliaa and a’l
in termed iate nort*.
Tickets lor sale in Portland on board of Steamer
lu Boston at boston and Maine, and b'u>t<>in Denoia
and on board of Portland steam*™.
JOHN PuItTbOUS, Age t,
aP2*__Portland, Maine.
W ALBUBOKU <t BAIUaHIS
COTTA,
•tl’.VItIKK ABBAAGEilU.YT.
The steamer CI1AS. HDUGH
TON, Capt Alden Wine nonbach
'Master, will leave Atlantic Wharf*
iTT ,oot ot In,lia Sift**, Pori laud
every Wednesday, at Go’ckek A. M., t0» Waluobo
boro, touching ai BooUilny ami Roiled Pon i ami
every Saturday, ar 7 A M .lot OauianScet. a, touch
ing at Boothbay ano H dgdon’s Mills,
Re u-iiing, will l»*ave LmjuariwoUn e?*rv Mondav
at 8 o clock A. M., or on the artivai 01 Stage iron*
RiM'klaud; aud W ildoboro every Friday at 6 o*
clock M.. touching at intermediate ULdmgs.con
nectmg with the Boston Boats at Portland, and w.rh
the Boston ami Maine anu eastern Railiouds. arnv
hie in Portland in season ior p.i».-engery io take the
Afternoon tram tor Bos on,
Through Ticket* sold at the offices ot the Bc^.b
and Maine and Easre n Kahn.ads. and on hoar b"
Boston Boats. Freight received alter one o’aock on
days orevo us to sailing.
Freight and passengers taken as low as b*
other route. J mu}
Inquire ot HARRIS. ATWOOD co.,
lii Commercial Street
_Portland, May 8, 1871._ np^rfl*
Norfolk and Baltimore and Wasfaintrton D d
Bteamuino Lins.
Jtf. Bteamshlpe of this Line tali t,,_ro et
/ifS®"1 Leiura) Whari, Bosun.. Tuesdays
and Saturdays at 4 p.ui. tor Noitr OLJf
■aMBHBsSLam UAL T1MOKJL
Steamships:—
“William Lawrence*
“(leorye Appola.*
“William Kennedy.1
“McClellan,* Cam.
Freight forwarded from Norfolk to Washington
by Steamer Lady or the hake.
Freight .orwarde.1 Horn XorTotk to Peteraburo and
men man it, by river or rail: and by the Va. Sr i'.Tn
Atr tiwe to all points it Virginia, Tetmesaet tin
bamn and Georgia; auooverthe Seuboartl .ud Ho
noie R. ft to all points in Aorth anu South Carolina
places6 (Ee*/.'* >h''‘ l° Wl*,1,in*‘,'b and a
Through rates given to South and West.
Fme Passenger aeco mdations.
Fare including Berth anu Meats to Norfolk A12 Se
time 48 hours; to Baitimoie $15, time 65 ho.«*
—t iminuiun w mmrs,
*or further information ;it>.*iv to
S. SA\tPSONt 4Qslit
Juae2t£_3i Central 'wi,™;
Summer Arrangement
Fare, ami Freights Reduced
INSIDE LINE TO BANDOE.
Three Trip Per Week
First T rip of the Season!
THE STEAMER
CITY OF RICHROAR
CAPT. DENNISON,
Will leave Railroad Whari, loot 01 Stale Street
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY *v„ThfjJ
at 10 o’clock, or on arrival 01 6 o’clock P, m Kx.,r««.
Train from Uoeton,
fcr Bangor, touching at Rockiaa Llncolnvilla.
Camden, Belfast Searsport. Sandg Point, Bucka
port, Winterpori ami Hamp<teu.
touching at the above named laut.ii g«; arriving at
Portland id time to connect with I. o’clock P M ttx
l>ret»8 Train for Boston.
Pares irom Poitland to Rocklit.1, Camden anC
Llneoloydle SI 50. B host, beaisoott and sandy
B^ “go? «2 50.BU“*POrt’ Wil“erI’’ Uauil'deu an!
totf-her particnlars inquire »l ROSS STUK
DlVArkl, 1/9 Commercial ?%iM or
CYRUS STCJR.DIVA-N Ueneral A sent.
Portlaml Juue 1st 1K7I. uudI i i
Summer Arrangement
I.YilPK I.INK TO
MT. DESERT
ajvd mac bias.
TWO T1C1FS 1*EI* WEEK.
5. The ravorlte Steamer LEWIS.
A***1* v i\\ TON i Oapt. charlea Ueeriug, »til
'l Railroad Whan PorVlaud,
.tfRlllJ1* iM-Ye ery T„fg„ Krl,|sy
Tram1 Worn Benon’. "LZnZglo
the loih lust.) lor twk'and, Cisnue, her tale
Sedgwick, So. West llarbot, (Alt. Desert,) Millnridge'
Jonesport and Macbianport.
O.,o6r'i,r 1,111 f5 wm le“,‘' Macbiaspo t every Monday
and lhurnla, mornings at 5 ,,’clivk. (comni-nelng
16th mat) touching ai tile above named iat,.bo-$.
Kw.“’!on Wl" t’uch at Harbor, iAlt De
"0“ ’(uile*° h‘P'nnber lot'), let
addition to her usual landing at Somh-Wcst Jar
bor.
For further particulars inquire ot
MOSS STURDIV \NT,
__ 179 Corn ineicial Street, or
_ CYRUS STURDIVANT, Uan’i Agt-ui.
Portland, May, 1571. my iott
boston
PHIL A HELP HI A
Steamship Line.
Leave each port evexj W-dnesdaviBatarday
ji From Long Wharf, Boston, ar 3
Fiom Pine afreet Wharf, Phlladel
•nEaSosSSb' Insurance one-hail the rate of sail
ing vessels.
Freight isr flie West by the Penn. R K. and Soutfc
by connecting linos tin warded Iree of commission.
PASSAGE, TEN DOLLARS.
For Freight or Passage apply to
WHITNEY SAMPSON,
Jn'ja-ly TO E.ug fcarl,
Maine SteamsMjMJon^iiiv
NRW AURANGKMKNT.
^ml-Weekly Lino 1
<L l-t&J&IXXSF*.”* Vpkni.„„lH, V.IU
■“®^™»U»vaGalt. wS0®* tnn *9
HONDA? and muRsiiA» WUan, PorUand, .very
Pier 38 K. R nVw v4 p- J le&T*
rHCRBDAY, ai 3 p. M. k’ ®”r> **On1>AY will
iccomiamlafl^Sa *'r»r,eonta are fitted op with fine
raest p®1VL9n Pass'-dKere, making this tba
between vill® v ddU comti rtable route lor travelers
between New York n(l Maine.
State, Boon' $5 Weals eatra.
fTWI. .1* 'utwarnou ty ami irom inonueW, Qnebso,
St'*lU' »“il:»!' parte of Maine. Sblppeta
are requested to aeno their freight to the Steamer*
w earl) a<» 4p. m, on the nays they leave Portland*
*For freight or passage apply to
HENRY FOX, Haifa Wharf, Portland
d. F. AMES, Pier.<8 K. B. New Yor*.
May U-d< _
MEM OVAL.
DR. BHACKFORPb38 removed m No NP"*
neat door above Gramtnar School
au 2 8iu