OUR POLICE SYSTEM.
8

SHE METROPOLITAN AND MUNICIPAL PO
11CE CONTRASTED.
1
EFFICIENCY AND COST OF
PATRONAGE—WILL 1lih ULL SEDEERE TT)
THE RESULTS OF
RE-ESTABLISHED 1 ne
«Will the Metropolitan Police District be re
established?” isthe quest jon that isagitating the memhyrs
of the Police force of the cities and towns that foruserly
composed the District, and that is canvassed by tho more
intelligent of our citizens A careful inquiry among
this clsss shows that a majority are strongly
In favor of return to the old ay stem.
There are many and obvious reasous for this
piefercuce, chief among which is the knowledge
that the old force was managed in a cheaper and cer
tainly more ficient manner, because political influences
were not allowed to interfere or to dictate promotions or
trensfere. Where formerly there was well-constructed,
eaay-running, snd perfect machine, doing its work with
regularity and precision, there are now but fragments,
met only not working in common together for the par
poss of protecting the lives and property of those
within the limita covered by the various commands,
but even failing to perform well the work expected of
them in their respective districts. It has been recently
shown that crime has increased in this city and Brook
yn out of all proportion to the natural increase of popu
lation, aud the same may be sald of the outlying towns
and villages within a radius of 30 miles froin this city.
There never were so many professional thieves to be
found in (his city and vicinity as at the present time, and
they p'y their vocation almost without fear of being held
soccoun:ahie for their misdeeds. In the lighter crimes
of petty thievery and pocket-picking there is a decided
tnerease, while in the heavier business of house-breaking,
burglary, and felonious assault there has been an ad
vance of fully 50 per oent since the reorganization of tho
force.
A WANT OF COUPERATION.
In the matter of coiperation there is the greatest lack
of efficiency in the new system. Under the Metropoli
sau act the police, to any required number, could be
massed in any part of the district, or, for that matter, in
any part of the State, provided the Commissioners chose
to send them. Tt was for this reason that pugilists be
eame 80 shy of fighting in this neighborhood. Informa
tien would be received that a prize-fight was arranged
to occur at a certain time and place. It might be that
the news came to Superintendent Kennedy only a few
hours before the time of meeting, and after the princi
pals in the fight and thelr backers had departed for the
scene of the conflict. The police telegraph was at once
drought into requisition. If the fight was to come off
near enough to Brooklyn for the police of that city to ve
ueed, Inspector Folk was ordered to take a sufficient force,
break up the assemblage and arrest the principals and
those actively engaged in abetting them. Often in lees
than two hours from the time the information was re
oeived br Suparipiancdot Kennedy at Police Headquar
ters in this city, Jonpector Folk was on the way to the
fight at the head of his men. The fact that his force had
to be summoned by telegraph together at the Police
Headquarters, or some other c-ntral point from stations
wide apart, yg well for the eijcioney of the force.
How well Inspector Folk perform the duty as
signed him, is shown by the broken heads of certain
prize-fighters and politicians, ameng them a coroner and
severul members of the Brooklyn Common Council. If
the fight were to come off at a point too far away for the
Cn St Ay Police to reach—in Staten Island, at the Puli
sades, In Weetchester cous. of on one of the {slands in
the East River—the Police at was brought into use,
aud force from this city dispatched in it to the point
pearcst the flgat. A score or more of pugllistic
contests were in this manner broken up.
It is true the magistrates of this city
and Brooklyn were in sympathy with the vio
laters of the law, and almost invariably dismissed the
offenders with a tritling fine, or shelved the complaint
agaiust them altogether. But the knowledge that the
police would club without mercy any one found taking
Jar, inor ahetiing these brutal exhibitions, had its {u
nded effect, and, for a considerable time, prize fights
within the Metropolitan District, or near it, became al
most unknown,
It waa not alone, however, in preventing prize fights
outside of this VR beside atteuding to their usual
Qutiey, that the Metropolitan Police were found go uee
ful. For years the roughs and thieves of the metropolis
bad been in the habit of attending tbe count
fairs up the Hudson and on ong Taaud,
the boat-races, and every other affair where large masses
of people were to be drawn together. Pickpockets plied
belr vocation witaout Diudraace and it has happenea
on vorp) oécasions that the thleves have banded to-
28 Jove fled the authorities of the places whera hi
Ratheringy were Bald, ape Jithdered “lores, robbed the
efenseless citizens, dnd eo bed before aid could be ob
tained from elsewhere, The incoming of the Metropoli
tan police put an end to this. A ewall force under the
command of a roundsman or ser It was sent to these
small gatherings, and with the algo a detective ¢f two,
arrested the thieves as soon as they mada thelr appear
ance, and either ordered them to take the first convey
ance out of the place, or Sieg Vo locked up until the fair
or Satheriog was over and the opportunity for deproda
tions passed. The expenses of the police on these occa
sions were urne by the town or village authorities.
Gap the occasfon of the boat race between the Ward
Brothers 22d the Pittsburgh Crew, near Poughkeepsie, a
few years ago, the Mayor of the latter city received {u
tc lligcuce that a formidable gang of New-York and
Philadelphia thieves and roughs intended to be present
for the purpose of robvery. There was unusual danger
of un outbreak where £0 many outlaws were Congrega
ted together, and threats had been made to Warm any
coppers who wterfered with them.” One hundred picked
pokcemen were placed on board the police boat, aud sent
to PoucLkeepsie before the race begun, As fast as the
roughs came in by rail and steamer, they were pointed
out to thie Poughkeepsie authorities, who at once ar
rested them and locked them up, The rascals did
not dare to resist, owing to the presence of the
Metropolitan Police, Tiis illustration of their value was
more strikingly repeated not long afterward when a
a Hag of some Kind was yApeci in ing sig. The
arden of the pidson at that place received inforination
a day or two in advance that an attelopt would be made,
while the attention of the authorities was directed else
where, to effect a general jail delivery. The convicts
were to rise and overpower their keepers, and in this
they were to be aided by their friends from without.
The timely discovery of the plot, and the preseuce of a
larger number of Metropolitan Police than usual at such
gatleriuge, preveuted its being successfully carried out.
ARE THE POLICE IN FAVOR OF THE CHANGE}
There {2 no question that the great majomty of the
police of thls city and Brooklyn are in favor of tue
change, aud the police of the outlying districts are
almost unanimously favorsble to it, in consequence of the
toereased aid it would give them in emergencies, Scarcely
a week passes during the Summer that the rural police are
pot cugaged iu couflicts with the rufliaus who attend
target excursions and pic-uics, and occasionally, because
they are so largely outnumbered, the police are severely
beaten. This would not be the case did the rougbs know
that before they could reach the city they would be ju
tercepted and arrested Ly a force dispatched for that
purpose, as soon as the news of the attack bad been re
ceived at Police Headquarters,
Above ull, it would place the Police almost entirely be.
{om the roach of politicians, What a police force may
owe when subject to direct political influence is best
shown Ly that of New-York sud Brooklyn to-day. In
this eity there is one police captain, concerning whom
leading Democratic politician, in an open meeting,
offe to wager $6,000 that he could prove him a thief,
while the sare captain is openly accused of being in
coliusion with paucl-house kocpers and gamblers, and of
receiving a good Joes of their unawiul gaing on cou
ditien that be allows them to remain iu his precinct
unmolested. Another, whom THE TRIBUNE conelnsively
proved to be either an imbecile or the partner of thieves,
‘was merely transferred to an adjoruitiz precinct, instead
of being summarily dismissed. It was proved by a trial
before the Police Board that a third captain would not
arrest a thief who bad stolen a case of milks, eventafter
the captain hud been assured” that the thief was in
his precinet and could be secured, and the rkubsequent
arrest and incarceration by this captain, ona trumped
up charge, of the officer who had arrested and scoured
the conviction of this thief, lead orly toa transfer in
stead of a dismissal. The transfer of capiains wud ser-
geants frown one precinct to another on the eve
of an election, or the compelliug of leaves of
abscnoe at these times, in order that honest and upright
men may be replaced with Tammany tools, who will do
anything they wre bidden to do, is another evidence of
the peruicious effect of political influences, to which may
be added the elevation of incowpetent officers to posi
ticns of trust and peaporsililey, for no other reason thun
that they rendered substantial service by carrying a
doubtful district or ward by disreputable measur. Ail
force, and they will gladly hail a chauge that will thor
ARE UUARANARALIYE LATENDED UF 10E TWO BISIENN,
oughfy purify the Department.
Even with a nominal reduction in the expenses of the
Brooklyn Department, by reducing the pay of the ser
geauts from $1,600 to $1,200, and of the patrolinen from
$1,200 to $1,000, the cost of the several departments is
abown $0 be considerably greater than when all were
incorporated futo one district. The Mctropalitan District
consisted of the Couutics of New-York, Richmond,
Kiuge, Westchoster, and the towns of Newtown, Fluslh
and Jamaica, in the County of Queems. In April,
id when the Metropolitan Pofice was dissglved by the
vision of the district, the force coniisted of tho fol
WNT SRM: 1 Ueprigimdent, peetors, 1 Fire Marshal,
0 1 Chief Clerk. 18 clerks, bookoepery, and stcio
v ‘ne force wee vided pe foNowat
N Torta lacporsts. plains, 134 Rergeants,
2,000 Pateoimes, 70 Doorman. Brookirs=1 lospecior, 17) pry
3 Sarge, 48 Sergeants, 368 Patsslmen, end 24 Doormen, Richmond
Coutty—~i Captain, Surgeon. 2 Sergeants, aud 25 Fatrolmen. Yonkers
73 Sergeants and 35 Patsolssen. West Farms! Besgeans sod 6
atroligen,
The amounts appropriated to meet the expenses of the
folics of tle District for the Jou 1870 were estiuated us
ollows New-York, $3,136,270 11; Brooklyn, $599,300;
Richmond County, $66,419 7¢; Yonkers, $42,410 45, und
West Furme, $14,007 65. The fouswing were the etd
wates in detall for the force of this city us udupted by
the Board of Fatimate
$8500
seeean sos 8,500
TwoCon's, #5 09 exch, 16,000
Superin endent of Police, 7.200
Four Inspeet’s, $5500 14 000





Kiet Clr ev crrene cas 50
Fig Devuty Cher...... 2.54%
Tie sures Bovakecyor, 2.000
Fropaty Clee... «2040
1

Presigedt's Recietury. 1,5
Chore of Sgperintendent, 560
ON Ler XL Tne ew st cea

Rt Precensseeee B1,6M
2 Inept 5 Clie #1.500¢, 5,000
10 Lep'y Clerks, #1 500e. 2800
4 Doomcn, 8000 ¢ch... KENT)
16 Surge ns. $2,250 each, 3,0
WM Captains, 92.000 each. £500
134 Seageants, dl 000 ee, 210 400
2,04 Putrolwen. $1.2 te. 2 400,000
0 Doormen, $50 each... 63,00
Tota).vovreiinnn. $2,781.40
tatiouery, police steamboat,
9 ple umvuut Kiven above,
DiGi Le ial up
For tho year ¢ading April 4, 191, the expensce of the

Muantoipal Pe” jce of this city wero as follows:
Comiiis8i” ners, Bu; exintendent, and Inspectors... $78.72] 62
Chief ory, Prat Depots Clerk. Tieasurcrs, Look.
ee’ or, Property Clers, and other clerks, as pro
NF A for DY [BW oc cvvieranerarieiiiiinitiiiies KIRK]
FF cc Marshal R00 ASIBARL Lover versrrarenens 0.161 WR
a a tn
lezraph Cuperintendent and operators. coeiiiaee 14.970 14
BUTEOOLS .cvvvereranrnts conirssansisnnnnisnise 41,6103
COPLAIBS ev verrrerisnrins tissesirsarinssncinnns th 0.)
Bergeantsi. ove. serersrsresrrrscansresris: 2 SHIT] 23
Patro!men. 2,064010 42
Deduc. ons for Police Life lusuranee Ford. 14.06.63
Fines for Police Life [nsurance Fond. 3,57 40
House of 1 ewcrtion Sergeant aud Doormen. 5471 W0
BP

Alter tions, 8t4inz up, additions to, and repaire of
Biation-Heus s,. ......couee cevevese $100574 24
Construction of Starion-Houses. 22578
Contingent expenses of Pouce. 13.404 14
Election exposes... 0,732 52
Supplies for Police... 101,583 (8
conannise
$516,612 65
3443 009 2
Totals corneas veo
These Hzuves show ain incroase of expeuscs for the
New-York Police of $308,389 61. Tis is not owing to an
increase in the numbers ot the force, as many would sup
pore. On the contrary, the pay-rolls how tuat there has
actually been a less nuwber of officers and men eiu
ployed than during the previous year. The large in
creare has been owing to tie greater amount expended
in constructing and building station-houses, in gencral
expenses, and in the increased salaries of the Commis
sloners and SayerinSoikdsut, In 1864 the President und
Treasurer received $4,000 each, and tho two remaluing
Comnissioners £3,600 each, In 1866 the Legislature in
creased the pay of the entire police force, and mado the
salury of tue President $5,500; of the Treasurer
the same, and of the other Coinmission
rs $5,060 each. Thet also received $500 cach
us ex-oficio members of the Board of Health. The sai
ury of the Superintendent was likewise fnercasod from
$5,000 to £7,500. The salaries of the Conmnnissivners were
afterward raised by a Democratio Legislature to §s,00
each, against the protest of Cominissioner Acton,
Under the Clty Charter of 1870 the new Municipal Po
lice was created. By one of the provisions of tue Cuar
ter-the Commissioners’ aularies were made the sawe as
that of the Recorder, This was popularly supposed (0
mean $10,000 per annum. It was so construed, however,
as to include the combined salaries of the Recorder as
Judge Commissioner of the Sinking Fund, etc., amount
ng fn the aRfrefaie to $15,000 bp annuum. The
Treasurer of the Board receives $1,000 per annua
additionn). The salary of the Bupernntendent was
also raiscd to $10,000." It will be nouced that two
{tems of expenditure for the past year, for the construc.
tion and alteration of station-houses, agereguted
$35,352 95. Thus Is fai in excess of any previous year. In
1863, the larger portion of the present Police Headquar
tds was fliished. The building is ergeted on six lots of
ground, having a frontage of 75 feet on both Mulberry
snd Moit-sts. The entire cost of ground aud building,
£129,010, was peid from amnouvuts gaved for the Rrevigus
five years from the appropriations by the Board of Su
.rvisors for the maintenance of the Board of Police.
Fhe north wing of the building was constructed iu 1868
and 1660. It has a frontage of 30 feet on both streets, and
cost, with the ground, §101,806 34. 2 nm Be ta Naam 0%"
The €8LAIRRALANA DEEL LENGE AI CA La 1h TE 1s a on A
made by the Board of Estimates, were as follows:
2 Kurgeons, Bt $2,290... coiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisniiie $1,500 00
10 Captains, at SLON ooeaiverinrennnns tires srene 20000 0)
48 Sergenuts, at L600... oiiienariiinnane ceernrnes A600 CO
363 Patrolmen, at $1200. 00iienannnens sncess secon. S000 C0
24 Doormen, at BY0U.coeiiirerresrssrsasssises sersereces 21600 ©0
Totalieenes crennene ss $064,500 00
Advertising, binding 9.0 00
Contingent eXPenscs™ ...oooervarcesens TO La
tw 0
Ret of Central Office and taxes,
2.550 06
TTT TL
Bub-Station....ovues PPT
Keeping of four horses, at $206 rer month each. .o.vu. “reve 1,248 00
Proportion of subristence of detsined witnesses at House o
Detentioesee cess PTT IT ITTIrIT PTITIT Crs b ERR ct ried 1.300 0
Alterations, fitting up, and repars of Station-House, Foriy-®
Thin] SUD-BIAtON. ev sserrescrensssesccesssssssress serene 5000 0H
Proportic of gene ral eXpenscsierseeiiiisriersssrsrsoneee 22.202 28
Tota).. YYTIIT IIIT
840028
0.1 28
This war under Metropolitan rule. The Brooklyn Char
ter passed by the Legislature of 1870 gave the city an in
dependent police. One of the provisions of the act fixed
the pay of sergeants at $1,200, patrolinen, $1,020, and door
men $800, instead of $1,600, $1,200, and §00 respectively,
under the Metropolitan sysiem. The following 1s the
amount allowed by the board of Estimate for the cur
LAA Add dd
1 Commissioner (President), $5,000 10 i AN nea
1 Commissioner [ressurer). by 00) 49 Sergean‘s.. we 98,000
1 C Lief of Poitee 4.500 363 Parole. 363,00
tL Cloef Clerk... 2, B00 22 25 DOOFMER esses torsennsrees 20,000
11 FD Auvertingg, "Printing, and
1° Pr. 1.000] [ITT 2 ATTIRE 2 500
1 Property Cloris. oveennans 1200 [Contingent expen 15.000
1 Niwa ORTAPEOE. «cou veenviin 1,50] Telegraph. 2,000

ow
1 ler vo Chi we Police. 1.00 Mountei Police 1,74)
1 Teloginph Foperiatendent.. 1,800 subs.stence of witLesses..... 1.00
1 Fire Marshal...... TIT) 2.0.0
2 Doorwen ut Central Olea, 1.600 TOY. ccuversrerenns ss SIL
2 Surveous. 4.10 Ex TR
Tuer should also be added $11,600 I0T Tent Of Lo Led
tral Office, and $13,000 for altering aud adapiing thie same,
making a total expense of $645,140, against $599,200 under
the: Metropolitan system, Henee, effect a ving or
§74,000, thie pay of whe entire force below the rank of ¢ap
tain has been reduced nearly 20 per cent, The following
are the additional items Incurred by Brooklyn in running
separate Police Department RAE
DAIArY 01 WWo Lomitiesivaers
we 5,000, $3.000.¢, i
Chivi of Police. cvvvrinnninne 3,500
Clief Clers,
Deputy C lerk.
Treasurer's Bookkeeye er.
Property Clerkooo..o.
Stenoe: cupher.. epzisss
eee
1.500
1,000]
1.200
Totadievves sonsionnse ans BUST

FE EAT TRY aot J pat 1000!
Cirrg WO Let 05 Youce. «eo 340 2
1t ik no wonder that the citizens of Brooklyn protest
against being compelled to support this large numer of
useless officers, whose aim seems to be to use the men
under their control to thwart the will of the people as ex
pressed at the polls, instead of attending to the protee
tion of ite and property.
SECKET OF THE BUCCESS OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE.
The success of the Metropolitan Police was largely due
to the efforts of two men who were conuected with it
almost from its formation until its ending—_Thomus C.
Acton snd John A. Kennedy. Mr. Acton, who was made
a Police Commissioner by Gov. Morgan, to fill the va
carey occasioned by the retirement of Parker Pillsbury,
in 1-60, resigned April 29, 1869, in consequence of fa:ling
bealth. During the greater part of this time he
was President of the Board of Comnnlssioucrs,
Iu the riots of July, 1863, he was almost alone in the di
rection of affairs, Superintendent Kennedy, on who Le
largely relied, havieg been struck down and lefv for
dead by the mob on the first day of the outhreak. Mr,
Kennedy's tevin of service was even longer than Mr, Ac
ton’s, He was appoluted May 23, 1:69, and resigned
April 11, 1870. Both these able officers say they have wo
desire again to enter on the duties of thege ditliculi offices,
but it i= beligved that if it conld be nude to appear to
thew that the sentimnent of the better portion of the
community was strongly in tavor of their recall, they
might be induced to recovsider their determination. Mr,
Acton, in conversation with a friend a few days ago,
strongly denounced the act which gave the Commission
ers a large salary, but concealed from the public the
actual gr, and declared that under no consideration
would he enter the Police Board until the galeries were
reduced to a reasonuble figure. By a provision of the
pct of 1866, increasing the salaries of the poiee to their
preseut date, it was provided that whenever currency
should be on a par with gold, the salaries of the cibicers
avd members of the poice suonid be redoeed 20 per
cent, There 1- a strong probability that the incoming
Legislature will reduce the raiarios of the force to just
the:el Xtirnit
THI N/ AT TON Al, CONGI NERS,
Considerable interest is manifested by Me
tropolitan chess playcre in the Chess Congress now in
session in Cleveland, Olio, as the gathering is the fret
of the kind for i number of years past. The delegates
usscmbled on the morning of Dee, 4 ut the Kennard
House, sud proceeded to transact the preliminary busi
ness of the meeting. The Joint Committee of Arrange
meuts wade important chapges in the plan of the tour
ney gawes, reducinz the nuinber of contestants of the
second clase, and modifying the list of prizes, the gehes
dule of which is as follows: Fast prize in first class,
$100; vecond, Sop third, $40; four, £0. Second class,
$0 and 220. Toe entries for the first class are as follows:
G. H. Mackenz.e of New-York, H. Eller of Detroit, I Ware of
Boston. H. Hosier and W. B. Haughton of Clicsgo. H. D. Sipitn of
Cass polis, Mich., H. Harding of Juckron, Mich, Max Juld of Cleve.
land wrod M. Johnson of Cinconati, Second cluss—=J. T. Wilson, E. D,
park, 12 W. Godde:d, and J. J. Juld of Ceveland.
Among the players who were not at the first meeting,
are J. C. Edgerton of Pittsburgh, Pa., F. Bock of Chi
cago, and G. H. Foster of Utica. Positions were drawn
by lot, ux foliows
Ware ve, Jadd, Hardinge ve. McKenzies, Elder vs.
‘Hos iuer, Emith ve, Johnson.
W. G. Yates was chosen as referee, and Eugene B.,
Cook of Hoboken, N.J., and F. H. Macon aud J. (i.
White of Cleveland, as committee of examination for
the award of LIIZER.
THE EEYNOLDS CONSPIRACY CASE OFFICLR
LYONS AND JUSTICE LYNCH ARRAIGNED.
vy r
Otlicer Thomas Lyons of the New-York
Police force, and Justice John Lynch of Brooklyn, were
arraigned yesterday before Justice Walsh of Brooklyn,
on the complaint of Mrs. Elizabeth Reynolds, who churges
them with conspiring to defraud her of her deceased hus
band’s Nt Lyons was tried receutly before the
New-York Poles Commissioners for the same offense,
and dismissed from the force, Mrs. Reynolds, in Ler afli
davit, complains that Ly ors, Justice Lynch, Lewis Guld
swith, John McArdel, Edward Harr, and John Quinn,
conspired to procure the arrest of herself and daughter
that they might remove Ler husband from Lis bed and
force hin to sign deeds Conveyiug his property io them;
tha’ Justice Lynch, on Lyon's affidavit, issued. an order
for their arrest, and in the interval Lyons reinoved the
SICK umn to Bellevue Hospital, where ne died soon after
wird; that Reynolds was induced hy Lyous to sin a
mortage for $25,000 on his house and’ lot: No, 1,639 Ber
gen-st., Brooklyn, which 18 worth ouly about $1,900; that
they also induced him to sign 8 will, Which was taken to
the Surregate’s office: that Quinn wade an affidavit tint
he was the cxccuwr; aod tuat the deceased had made a
previous will bequeathing bis property to his wife und
dauguter. The accused were held to uuswerp,
PICKPOCEETS AND BNEAK THIEVES BUSY
dhe merease of crime, and especially of
horse-robberics und pocket-picking in the sircot-cars und
pubic halls, hes forwed the subject of recent articles ig
Tor YrIvUNE. Several additional cases of small thievery
Lave sace come to light. On Wednesday eveniug Jacoh
North Stockbridge, Conn., while riding in a Fourth,
uve, carson Lis way to the Grand Union Depot, bad a
wallet, staining $1,200 and valnalle papers stolen
from Ja wreast pocket, Tue tideves escaped. A
lew plghts previous a stravger ia the cuiy had
£16,000 wor tf of bonds and currency stolen from
donner oh. Th while sig on The sama line of curs
toward the Grand nlon Depot, The re denoe of [sane
Vv. Hrckaw, of the Yom of Prokaw Broioers, cloilieis,
SUNG AS Eat Twerip ff thst, was ented by g eooeake
thief, and won y and jag eiry ainounting to $1,200 stolen.
Every day cases of Jobe Stpieiiity on the cunor of sneak:
fudevipg al provable residduces Re revorted at Ylice
Se.
Telegraph Superivtendent...$1.800
Dr. Captan .coien ns A BEY
(Contingent expenses.
Rent of Central Otfice. 11.40
Adspixtion of Central Ofiice. 15,000
Advertising, Printing, &e... 2,50
NEW-YORK DATLY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1871.
the thet arrested ‘fie aly mb A nothing of tho
fact, the police being exceedingly reticent in such
CHINESE OUTRAGES—QUR JAPAN INTERESTS--TIIE.
SIGNAL BERVICE APPROVED A COMMITTEE
OF INVESTIGATION.
RS
SIGNAL SERVICE APPROVED A COMMITTEE
OF INVESTIGATION.
At the mecting of the Chamber of Com
meree, yesterday afternoon, Walter 8. Grifiithe presiding:
it was expected that the Special Committee of ten ap
pointed to investigate the Quarantine and Harbor
Master abuses would report, but it was decided among
themselves that tueir report sheuld not be furnished
until the next meeting, on the 3d of January, 1872. Bey
mour A. Bunce and Wm. Woodward, ir., were elected
members of the Chamber. A. A. Low submitted a letter
from Olyphant Co. of China, regarding tho cutrages
reoontly committed on Chinamen in Los Angeles Cal., to
gether with extracts from certain newspapers thero on
the samo subject. The letter suggested that such out
rages will tend to render the lives and property of Ameri
eans in China very unsafe. Mr. Low said:
I trust that the Chamber will take some action In
regard to this matter. It appears to have originally
arsen out of the feud between two parties of Chinese
there, one of whom was brought before the courts, and
afterward under bail released. He was set upon by the
other party, and the officer and one or two others who
were called to his ald were shot ny the Chinese where
enon the latter were set upon by the mob, and 25 or 30 of
their number killed, thus Jorpetradiug very great
wrong. Tue Chinese in California have been fvjectel,
from the first, to attacks from the lower classes in that
State. Tuere is an antagonism there between the
labor of Chinamen aud that of white men,
and this letter sets forth the dauger that constantly
beseta the Chinese. Now these people are passing
always to and fro; and these repeatod acts of cruelty
must lead te the aiscouragement of emigration, and to
retaliation on the part of the Chinese. It is true that wo
have no euch class as these Cirlilese representing us in
China; but the revenge will tall, by-and-by, vpon a
puch better class of persons, unless the ontruges veise.
I think it is wortay of gowe action on the part of our
(Gtovernment, that the character of the nation in its
treatment of these people may be sustained. We should
treat tue as we treat the lower classes coming here
from Europe, They should not be met with fll-treatinent
at their very entrance into the country, nor ut any thine.
Every one familiar with China knows that our difffcul
ties in that country proceed from a deep-seated prejudice
in the winds of the people of that country against ull
foreigners, which ought to be overcome,
The letter and the accompanying newspaper accounts
were referred to Standing Committee No. 4, with Instroe
tous to report thereon. Mr, Low then presented a come
munication addressed to tho President of the United
States by Thomas Walsh, a wember of the Chauiber,
which gays:
The treaty made with Japan has ereated a very favora
ble feching there toward ws, but foreign nations nore
alive to the value of relations with Japan than we, have
really displaced us to such an extent that we now occupy
but a third or fourth rate portion in their consideration.
“We look,” said Mr.aLow, “upon China and Japan as
gemi-civilized, I might say semi-barbarous, and yet
these nations are so well aware of tLe value of educating
their youth in our civilization that China has voted seve.
ral hundied thousand dollars for this purpose; and 1
know of one house which nas subscribed as much as
$0,000 to aid in the education of their youth tu this coun
try. I waderstand, too, that at the hewd of several
classes in the Brooklyn Polytechuie Institute stand to
day certain Japanese pupile, one of them related to the
reigning house. [I therefore move that the communica
tion be printed under the direction of Commitee No, 4,
al kent to the members of this Chamber.” Adopted.
The Comittee on Arbitration, instructed to ascertain
it any member of the Cuamber was concerned in the
frands against the city, was reifeved from the daty at ita
own request, on the ground that certain provisions of
the by-laws incapacitated it from taking such action.
Ar. Ruggles, of the Specfal Committee appointed to
attend at Albany to wituess the experiments in the
towing of canal-hoats by means of a submerged cable,
reported that the eXpoH ents were eminently successful,
George W. Dow of the Comunttes on Meteoroiogy pre
sented the toilowing resolutions, which were adopted:
Jeesolved, That the Chamber of Commerce of the City of New-York
is well pleased with the a il7 weieorological reports of the War De; art
ment at Washington, and congratulates tne I'epartinent on the proficiency
which it has already attuned in forewlling the state of the weather and
appro ching storms. tis ho ped that Coagre s will continue to make
liberal zopropnations for this excellent service, and that its Lenel: may
not be coniined to commerce, but sho be extended to the sgricuitaral
interests of onr country As lar xs possible.
Jtesclred, That a well-regninied clock or timeDball, eopepienonsls
locxtend and such gw wey be ackioaledged by all as perfectly correct, 1s
week needed in this great metio; oly, aud the stteation of the Neo retary
of War is respectfully exiled thereto, presmning it to be practicanie and
within the duties of the Sigua! service Buresu thus (0 regalate vu: tine
by (he 1aeans aud forces unoer Lis contiul,
Tee report or the Commitee appointed to investizete
the su'siect of graying tha anail to foreign ports was re
ceived and adoytsds George W. Bluut presented the
following, which were adopied
Resoleed, That a Special Comm tee of five members be appointed Ly
the (hawber oi Cow rede whose duty iL shall be to make a thor ugh
examination into ail the resnciions mros d upon the commerce of thiw
Ye puriicularly those patie ng to Lsasuntive, i Dock and Huchor
a-ters, and report to toe Clinaber, al an ve J av. pac) I rt
will relieve the comincicial ung Bp pAT Toberes Fh Ry ay
burdens,
Jgpoived, That the Committee hiave authority to add to their number,
snd igvit- the cooperation of other commercial bodies, and those fui
este] in the commerce of the city, in the promotion of this o'jeet.
Tho following were ppinted the Special Committee:
Solon Humpireys, of E. b. Morgan Co.; E. PP. Fabri,
of Fabbri Chatneey Ro Warren Weston, of Weston
Gray; W. IL Fog, uid L. 1B. Wyman,
Mr. Dow oftered a resotution, which was adopted, that
the atteniion of Comnnttee No. 4 be called to dhe repo
of the Secretary of the ‘I'reasury recommen ling sieh
measures «8 will lead to the revival of our shipping in
terests. Mr. Dow said:
I have looked over the tariffs, commencing with the
original one oi 17%, In that there was an additional
duty of 12 per cent on merchandise which came to us in
torcizn vesseis, and beside that a dizeconut of 1o per ecit,
making 22 per ceat in favor of our own siippine, Again,
in 1817 Bo 2oods were allowed to be fruported from coun
tries with which we had no treaties, excep In
American vessels, Tu 1815 and 1824 tue 10
per ceut fiupesed on goods brought in foreign
vessels was soll continued. In Isid it was cons
tinned, and bere that, 20 per ceut on ardelos that cameo
tro beyond the Cape of good Hope. In 149, the Scere
ary of the Treasury issued a circular withdrawing all
sien restrictions, 1 think the present crippled scite of
onr conmeree les in two toings,  Fuet, tee hugh duties
on the articles making up our ships, Sceond, the Ligh
price of labor. When you compare these prices with
those in foreign countifes, you will see that we never
conld have had the shipping we have had but by the
as: istiice of these tants, and that our commerce vegan
to decline the moment they were removed, In 18010 we
had come down to 61 per cent of foreign commerce, and
in 1871 it is reported to be less than 3% per cent. At one
time, In an earlier period of this country, we had a com
merce, but it das been gradually faliog off until there is
but little left.
Mr. Tousey offered the following:
Resobced, That the Committee on Forown Commerea Le instructed to
prepare a mmemer.al to Congr, asking uch lop Sitoa by Wad bay ue
shall serve 14 place the vabjects of Quarantine sud Riigiation uder the
charge of toe General Goverment.
Unanimously adopted. Adjourned.
A PRODUCE EXCIIANGIE COMMITTIL,
The President of the Produce Exchange, in
accordance with a resolution passed yesterday, appointed
Pdward Hincken, Btephen U, Cary, and W. M, Caich, u
committee to confer with the committees of =hip-owners,
and others, in relation to quarantine, harboc-masters,
whariage, pllotage, and other maiters of coumituercial
iuloreatl,
TIME TO DO SOMET!IING,
Lrom The Evensuy lad
We are glad to second the gallant attacks
of Tue Trip SE against the Quarantine abuses wand the
exactions upd triads of harboi-masters, It lus pre
sented an overwhelming reass of testimouy as to these
watters, and aroused xemcthing like pubic spirit among
our merchants, who to-day are called to assemble at tho
Ciinnber of Commerce and mike public demonstration
of their just indigeation, With them, after ell, rests the
responsibility for i continnauce of illegal exactions and
of (yranufeal regulations of their business. Tuk Trip
{Ni hus presented the facts aud aroused public atten
tion end senument. Will the men who are most ju
terested now step forward and prevent the present ex
citement about their wrougs trow passing away without
appropriate action, as the great Cooper Insritute meet
ing of Bet, 4 prevented public Indignation against Tam
many teoir working itself off in were denunciations If
the werchants fall of thelr duty now, they will deserve
to be fleceed and bullied by a succession of corrupt Car
pochians and harbor-masters uniil even the most tunid
sufferer will be driven into resistance, Better begin
Jat, wlien the current of reform 18 so strong aud resists
[TH
EE EE
AN EMIGRANT SUES TO RECOVER HER BAGGAGE.
Margaret Brown, who brought an action
Ea: re TRS TH rr lI ny I TT rE: 7h TTTTTL
Margaret Brown, who brought an action
against tne Liverpool and Great Western Bteamship
Company in the Buperior Court, before Judge Monell,
yesterday, alleges that, on Oct. 1, 1607, she embarked in
the steawrlip Manhattan of the defendant's line, for
this city, where sne arrived on tho 14th. Her trunk, con
taining articles alleged to be worth over $600, was placed
on bourd u lighter, a8 she believes to be landed at Cas
tle Garden, and the plalutiff before leaving the steamer
received a check marked Castle Garden, D 345,” and
was told to apply at Castle Garden for the trunk. The
next day she applied there for it, but was informed by
the haggage-musters that her trunk bad not come ute
their possession, and they knew nothing about {4 Bhe
then went to the managing agente of the Company and
demanded her trunk, showing the check in Ler posscs
sion,
terday for the reception of patients. A woman from
uate,
saw-miil at this place, was Ci i the machynery on
Wednesday, and instantly killed.
Lyons FArMS,—A Post-Oflice will be established at
thir place, y
Defendant's answer admits the passage of the plaintiff
in the Company's vessel, but claims that the plaintiff
upon prercuting ber checks received her bagguge in
uccordance with the usual custoin, It appeared lu
the evidence that Mrs, Brown's husbaud worked his
passage os a common eallor, while plaintiff
came over a8 oteeraxe passcogor, and it was
cited by counsel for the defendant as nn rather singul ar
circiuustunce that a steerage passenger should be pos
sesncd of articles worth «0 much. Tbe defense produced
evidence showing tust the pluintiff and her husband
brought over taree other trunks beside the one in contro
versy, all of which she obtalued at Castle Garden,
Naor this most valuable oue; that the one she
did not get fis still lying at Castle Garden
unavlled for; but that it is not s trunk, but a cinvas.
covexed bus, and the check bas hy somo accident beon
lost fAvm it, by em for the defense stated to the Court
that Lé should think the best thing for the plamtiff to do
Win tayo to agile Garden and take away the valuabio
Articied wine New, Brown alleags are In the trunk; at
the VILE re funy to touch oy Woy clahwing that it is
BOT LLC 016 Tox Whial he Lolds thé cheek.
Judge Monel? ehuvged that the Company was still
respomsible yr the La ggnee after Parse? into the
baad <ot the Commisaacs Ws of Ew igration. and ordered
nseid dyord or
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
THERMOMTER YESTERDAY.
fam oes, Spm. ot
To oh ke
HIGH MDB TO-DAY.
Covey Island. Battery. Hell Gate. Fhushing, L. L
am p.m am oy Am po sm PM
3:6 4:33 wn be Ex Ga tw nw
Astor Howse—The Hon. Amos T. Akerman,
Attornev-Goneral, and the Biv. H. 8, Atwater of Kansas
EE Fifi Aoenys Hotel-The Hon. George W. Miller,
gnperinfendeunt of the Insurance Department, Albany;
the Hon. G, G. Fogg of New-Hawpshire, Judge E.
Rosekrans of Glen’s Falls, D. Ruls, Washington and Pe
dro Negrete of Mexico. w=scs i. Nicholas Holei—The
Hon. Hiram Price of lowa, Prot C. A. Alken and the
Hon. James M. Bcovel of New-Jersey, and A. J. Droxel
of Pradelima. zo Hotaan House—The Hon. Alex
ander Mitchell, M. C., of Wisconsin; Capt. StuartMuir
head of the Bikidh Army, and Capt. C. Powell of the
Engineer Corps, U, 8B. A. New-York Hotel—Col. Ww.
I. Reynolds of Providence.
head of the Brit ish Army, aud Capt. C. Powell of the
Engineer Corps, U, 8. A. New-York Hotel—Col. W.
H. Reynolds of Providence.
Bl
NEW-YORK CITY.
The rumor that Mayor Hall has been ex
pelled from the Union Club is authoritatively denied.
The receipts of the late American Institute
Fair were $87,376, and the expenses $61,462. Tho receipts
on thy day devoted to the relief of the Chicago suffercrs
amounted to $2,127 18.
Gen. W. A. C. Ryan writes to THE TRIBUNE,
denying tho report, published yesterday, that a bench
warrant was issued for his arrest, owing to his alleged
failure to appear when his case was called in the United
States Court, on Wednesday, and assertiug not only that
he was present at the thme, but that he is ready and
anxious for trial,
Sharpers who eat costly meals and then pre
gent to the cashler of tho eating saloon a 15or20 cent
check, previously purloined, are now defeated by colored
checks changed every three hours of the day. The 16
cents checks in the morning are white, ln the afternoon
red, and in the evening black, and are marked with de
tective letters to distinguish tho days.
The Directors of the German Immigration
Society report that during the past month 9,230 German
fmmigrants were landed in Now-York, an increase of
3,600 us compared with the samo month last year. Bince
the 1st of January the German bnmigration at this port
ha< amounted to 78,929, an increase of 10,242 as compared
with 1370. ‘The Reliet Committee, during November, ex
pended $704 iu ald of German immigrants, and $1,000 wis
appropricted for the same purpose during the present
wonth, The receipts during the past month amounted
to 2,47: the expenses were $841 62; and a balunce of
$6,502 15 reported in the treasury, Tho asscts of the So
ciety amount to $06,000,
BROOKLYN.
Tho Commissioners of Charities report
2,4%9 inmates in the County Institutious, aud 84 patients
in the Smali-pox Hospital.
The value of lost, stolen, and abandoned
Poperty recovered by the Police Department during
Novemoer was $5,601; restored to owners, $1,702
BRIDGEHAMPTON. —The new Methodist Church will be
dedicated vext Thursday, The exercises will be con
ducted by the Rev, J. S Willis, the Rev, L. 8. Wari of
New-York, and the Rev, Charles Fletcher of Brooklyn
LONG ISLAND.
Wooniaven.—The route of the Brooklyn
and Orfent Railroad his been changed from Richmond
Hill, and will connect with the Bay Ridge Railroad at
this place. A new company has been formed, and a con
tract for building 45 miles of the road awarded to Mr.
Robert Witte of Rockville Center, The greater portion
of the route has been surveyed, and the right of way
partialiy secured.
BROOKHAVEN.—Much dissatisfaction exists among the
oysterinen in the Great South Bay, in Tefurd to lots
leased for oyster-plantiug by the Trustees, The Trustees
have given notice that lots leased will bo marked by a
branded board, the mark indicating the town, number of
peres, and year the lease expires, Lots not marked by
Jan. F will be open to all oystermen, In the waters be
longing to this town there are over 1,200 acres staked out
by individuals,one-half of whom have uo Sg what
ever upon the ground. Tuo oystermen also allege thd
their oysters arc stolen at nizht, a Ruland K
Patchogue recently found several dredges anehored,
Unrestricted dredging in a fow years would destroy the
business,
HrMpsTEAD.—TLast Spring, the village Trustees refused
to grant heeoses to liquor-dealers fo this village, and
since that tine anfieciged dealoke have bgt selling
Hguor with Impun tg Complaint was wade agains
these dealers by 8. N. Snedeker, on Wodnesday. Tio
Bo: od of Excise wil enforce the law, and the liquor
dealers wiil contest the watter, contending that they
were willing to pay for a licouse, but that their applica
tious were refused,
SrriNGrinp,—Several easca of Smallpox have been
reported hy the Health Officer. ‘Bae Board of Heaith hae
taken measures to prevent the spread of the diseise,
Rocky HiLL.—James Gillepste, a laborer eraployed on
the railroad, was fatally injured, yesterday, by the full
of an cbaukiucut,
STATEN ISLAND.
Eparwater.—The Village Trustees, after a
wrormy session, on Wednesday evening, ordered a large
unmber of bills against the village to be canceled,
IUDSON RIVER COUNTIES.
Povenkeepsie.—Justice Huater gave Dr.
Lord a beating over the head with part of a call’s en
trails, yesierday, as punishment for having publicly
charged him with belug carried howe drunk from the
Potglhkeepsie Club Heuse, Dr. Lord is a hot-headed
temperance advocate, and made the charge at a tewper
ance meeting last Sunday night,
WHITE PLAINS. —The case of Morgan, who killed a fel
low-convict in Sing Sing Prison, was postponed, yester
day, to Dec. 18, the conse tor the defendant having is.
suc subpeneas for convicts who have been transferred
to Auburn State Prison, and the warden of that institu
tion bas retuned to deiiver them on that document, as the
legal mode of obtaiting their attendance is the writ of
Labeas corpus... In the Court of Oyer and Terminer, yes
terday, hetore Justice Tappan, Lewis Morton of One
huudred-aud-twenty-sixth-st, and Second-ave, was ac
cused o! ligoway robbery. The complainant was James
Thomp=ot of Oue-hundred-and-thirticth-st. The prisouer
Wis acquitted,
NEW-JERSEY.
Jensey Crry.—A team of horses belonging to
J. M. Menseles Co. rau away in Montgomery-st. yes
terday, throwing the driver out and breaking his arm,
LL Tue annual ball of the Jersey Schiitzen Corps was
held dast night... Wm, Dloowtield, who has twice es
caped from the City Prison within six
months, was acrested on Wednesday evening
for assaniting his owife.....An  cmbankment near
the  Cenirad Railroad depot at Communipaw
caved in yesterday atternoon, pifYing and seriously in
inring thee laborers... Juling Kaniff was held in bail,
yesterday, for assaulting Mary Lotty. Hugh Bruslev,
for stealing an overcoat from No. 12 Newark-ave., Thos,
Gibbous, for fudecent assault on Helen Johnson, aud
Wm. Blovintleid, tor assaulting his wite, were comuntted,
NEwank.—The Finauce Committee of the Board of
Frocholders has resolved to receive proposals for the
yedempidon of 240,000 worth of bouds. Hall thieves are
vigorously plying their trade. John P. Wakeman and
D. M. Lyon lave been elected Directors of the Merchants’
and Manntactorers’ National Lank, to tll vacancies.
Bdward Bavlan of No. 58 Adnms-st, bas been arrested
for obtaining woincy under false pretenses from Mrs,
Timmons of No. 55 Monroest.... The First Re
formed Church has sent $426 to the Michigan saffereis,
ooo bi the ease of Solomon Frank against Adolph Linde
nua, tricd before the Supa Court to recover $444 16,
with intevest, on a fwd zment obtained fn the Murine
Court of New-York, a verdlet awarding the full amount
to plaintitl was awarded yesterday... It Is sad that
Botts is preparing a statement on the wurder of Pet”
Halstead. The funeral of the late Thomas 8B. Alexander
will take place at his residence in South Broad-st., this
afternoon It 1s said that a bill will be Jeesenicd to
he next Legislature tor the abolition of the Board of
WXClAe,
NEw-Enusew icR.— Petroleum V, Faghy opens the Y.
M. C. A. Lecture course to-night, and is to be followed
by Paul B. Du Chaillu, the Rev, J, Hyatt Emith, the Rev,
W. V. Kelly, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Miss Anua E. Dick
incon, und Frederick Douglass. Major Charles M. Her
hart tha DPencaniitae of thee Ploaa for MidAddlaey (4 and
a prominent Republican, died suddenly on Wednesday
morning,
1F(TURPFN MFETINGS YTOC.
i
Attention is culled to the special notice of
the Young Men's Municipal Reform Association in an
other column,
Judge Hayes of Lancaster, Penn., will read
a paper this evening, before the Polytechinie Branch of
the Ameciioan Institute, on the ‘Explosion of 8team Boll
ers—Cnuses andgl’revention.”
Hooper E. Van Vorst, Commissioner of the
Departincut of Public Instruction, will lecture this even
fug at the Boys’ Evening Schoo!, No. 2%, .in Ninth-st.,
ucar Avenue C, on Benjsmin Frank Un.’
JERSE
The building, No. 71 Broadway, owned by Edward
Matthews, was dainaged $200 by ire early yesterdoy,
A fire at No. 43 East Eleventh-st., gecupied as 0
liquez itore by Moses Ringgold, last night, damaged stock $20; wo fo.
Surance,
James Shelley, age 40, of Duteh Kills, 1. 1, died,
Jesters, in Bellevue Hopital from 1ujuries received on Monday ou the
tg Island Ratlroad.
Charles Kulbtieisch, German Dewsbaper CArTier
of Cuval an! Washiugtou stv, who was comwmitird to the Tombs vn
Nov. W for Rieti was found dead in hie cell, yesterday,
David Wilde, age 16, of No. 176 Division-st., who
wtusliled in attemnpiing to get on the trong Jatform of car No. 153, of
the Third-ave. Lie, and wor run over usar Honston-st, on Wednesday,
died yesterday in Bellevue Hospital.
A. Herdt, a German, who refused to give his resi
dence, and who is belived to Le Insane. sttempied suicide early yester
day by throwing himself into the North Kiver at the fuet of Forty-cighth.
"nw fle wa0 reacued and taken tw Bellevue Hospital
A dire on the pecond-loor of No, 41 Eldindge-st.,

Gtcupied a0 6 Usk g intlpiiery by bebert Eretbere, last sok

HOME NEWS.
PROMINERT ARRIVALA
POLICE NOTES
tomar ik pL mL $8 TREE TR Th
A STOVE SWINDLE.
It was found last Wednesday that the ab
surdly small stove at the Jefferson Market Police Court
had been furnished by Edward Marrenner of No. 239
Third-ave., who has been in the habit of furnishing the
same stove for the court-room every Winter, and has
been paid again wnd again for it. Ia the Spring the
stove is moved out of the room, and in some mysterious
manner spirited away. Inthe following Fall, when
stove is wanted, the old stove is again produced, and
magnificent purchase price paid for it. Justice Cox re
solved to end this swindle, and summoned Marrenner to
make restitution, Marrenner appeared yesterday, and
was addressed in indignant terms by Justice Cox, who
charged him with gross fraad. The culprit was tho
roughly frightened, and upon humbly promising to fur
nish the court-room with a large stove of the latest im
proved pattern, waa finally relcased.
ras PERILS OF FOURTH-AVE.—FATAL ACCI
THE PERILS OF FOURTH-AVE.—FATAL ACCI
DENT.
John Jobeon, age 18, a painter, employed by
Joseph Good of No. 890 Third-ave., attempted, yesterday,
to drive a horse attached to a light wagon across the
Harlem Railroad track at Fourth-ave. and Fiftyseventh
st. The horse and wagon were struck by the locomotive
attached to the New-Ilaven and Stamford express train,
bound up. Jobson was instantly killed, his body being
hurled a conziderable distance, and badly mutilated,
Tho wagon was shattered to picces, and the horse killed.
Daniel OMls, the engineer, and D. Griswold, conductor,
will be held to await the result of a coroner's Investiga
tian.
(Announcements.
Burner's KALLISTON is the best Cosmetic.
TT HI HY,
Bursetr's KALLISTON is the best Cosmetic.
rr
Uporriio WOLFE'S  SCHEIDAM AROMATIC
SCHNAPPS Among the compliints for which the SCHNAPPS has heen
deelarcd a #pecifie by the eminent vhysicians who have correspon led
with the proprietor, are dropsy, dyspepsia, debility consequent upon long
continued s.ckneas and old age, epile sv, asthma, gravel, colle, alice tions
of the kidneys, amd all chronic diseases. For these, and inany other dis
oR'er:, it is now prescribed, with great success. by more thaa tires thou
sand medical practitioners in varioos parts of the United States,
met
Tur Mixce-Pie SeasoN.—The mince-pie sea
son opened furmally Jast Thursday (Thasksgiviag Day), when an immense
pumber of the circular dainties were destroyed by happy families, and by
gentlemen and youths, sll wearing hats of the very latest and most fash,
iomable styles, bought of Kxox, 212 Broadway.
tt
To Morners.—Use IMPERIAL GRANUM, the
great wedicinnl oud, especially adapted for inteats, and a most valaal le
remedy in ali cases of diarrhea, cholera infantam, and dyseuter.. Sold by
all druggists, aud at the wholesale depot by CARLE STRONG, 153 Water:
st., coruer Maideu-iane,
ee
Take Aver’s CiierrY PECTORAL to stop your
(olds, Coughs, and Brorehial Atfections, belore they run law Consaiop
tion, that you canwoL 5.0p,
re tee
Tur Best PLACE in New-York to bny Revrt
ABLE WATCHERS, PING DIAMONDS, RICH, PASHIONARLE JRWELRY, and
STERLING BILVER, 1s SQUIRE'S 97 Fulton-st. Diamonds a specialty.
[EES
Doorey’s YEAsT Power makes elegant Rolls,
Biscuits, Bread, Griddle Cakes, Pot-Pie, and Frait Dumplings, ete.
————nn
Cororiric colors hair magnificent. You ap
plyitio tive minutes. Best aud cheapest. Try it. 9 Dey-st. and alldrugg sts.
tm
BosweLL’s BALsaM Tar AND WiLp CHERRY.
Excellent for cure of Colds, Coughs, Throat Diseases, Le.
&OIUYLER, IIARTLEY GRAHAM,
22 JOUN-ST. AND 19 MAIDEN-LANE.
BRONZES,
CLOOKS,
WATCHES,
FINE JEWELRY,
FANCY ARTICLES IN SILVER,
put up In cases specially suitable for
‘JOLIDAY PRESENTS.
J
PILES! or Hemorrhoidal Tumors, such as
Blind, Bleeding, Itching, Internal, External, &c., positively and per
wanently cured by Absorption, without pain, danger. caustics, or instru
ments, No detention from suse but instant relief given to all by Dr. W,
A. McCandliss of 2,000 Arch-st., Phila., and now at the St. Nicholas Hotel,
Room wharelis R)ient #2} 1 afflicted can visit him for consultation
and treatment, he Doctar also cures Fistuls, Fissure, Prolapsus, and all
iin I Charges moderate. All consultations tree.
TIGHT LOCOMOTIVES FOR NARROW
rails, fartace: an il: Guar, mi int conform te sicap gio, sare
pk Hubt rails, narrow. and low tunnels. Send for circular aa}
information desired. PORTER. BELL Co. Pittsburgh, Penn.
N° MORE MEDICINE.—70,000 cures of Dys
pepsia, Foihles Constipation, Diarrhea, Liver and Nervous
onlers, pes DU BARRY'S delicions REVALENTA ARABICA F Foob,
which saves fifty times i wt in medicines,
BARRY Co., 15 Dey-st., New-York.
(WNLY 25
hE pr— AT, TROCHES, Jor Cult, Sore Throats,
Influenza, und Brouchitis. Sold by Draggls sts,
ONLY 25e. BOX.
N EW YE AR CAKE PRIN TS TS, CUTTERS,
K CREAM AND JELLY MOLDS.
JAMES 1 WatKixs BON,
Catharine-st., N.Y.
YTRICTURE, Fistula, and Piles. radically cured
LD without tha knife, eavstic, or detention from busivess Impotence, I's
canes of the Generative Organs, H'y A. Daniels, M.D., 144 Lexinetio-ave,
HEAT YOUR HOUSET Save e_your Fuel
for Cireulars, Call and exami RDS'S COMBINED
RANGE AND Fi YNACR. 243 Water- Hg NL J. HOPKINS,
PHOTOGRAPHS for d for t he, Holidays.—Porce
lain Miniatare, #3 each. A. LEWIS, #0 Chatbaw.s -st.
Thos. R. AUNEW, 260 rr Y.
Chotes GROCKRIES, TEAS, FISH, ete., wholesale and retail.
re 3
en
Ball, Black Co.
605 AND 667 BROADWAY,
HAVE OPENED THEIR ENTIRE STOCK OP
I'INI BRONZES,
CLLOCKS,
CLOTH
BROADWAY
AND
Fancy Goods
GENERALLY,
POR THR
HOLIDAYS.
This Assortment is pronounced to
be greater in Variety than any in
the City. Great care has been taken
in the selection of
HONOKEN.~Tho building in Thirteenth-st. which has
CHOICE PIECES,
not to be found at any other Estab
lishment,
been titted up a8 a small-pax hospital, was opened yes
Union Hill, suffering from the disease, is the ouly ju
BASKINGRIDGE.~—Adney McMurtry, proprietor of the
OTIS’ vichinert.
OTI® BROTHERS Co.. No. 348 Broadway, New-York.
GRAND OPENING OF
GLOVES.
A general demand for our KID GLOVES has induced us to open a Re
tail Artinens at
761 BROADWAY,
BETWEEN EIGHTH AND NINTH-STR,
There we can offer the greatest variety of KID GLOVES to be fouad in
s city.
Ownlog one of the largest factories in France and one in Germany we
can sasurs tiie pubiic that it will Sud It te its interest to purchase from us
ch ly, and thus save the double profit of tle Commission Merchant and
ie im Tr.
Rpecss] attention ia ealled to our celebrated HERZ SEAMLESS KID
GLOVE, whick is airvady widely known for its elegance, durability, and
MARTIN HERZ (0,
4 701 BRODWAY,
LY !WEEN EIGHTH AND NINTH-STS..
y
TORMIISE-SHRLL JEWELRY
Ss JSR w—
New designs this season of our
extra-finished BROOOHES, EAR
RINGS, BRACELETS, NECK
OHAINS with Lockets and Medal«
lions, SLEEVR-BuTTONS, 8TUDS,&C.,
and Neapolitan Tortoise-shell Ar
ticles,Pompeiian style just received,
TIFFANY Co,
UNION-SQUARE.
Frege EVANS
on PRICES
EVANS’
SQ  oumme
WINTER
66
IN NEW-YORK.
63
FULTON STREET,
FULTON STRAY
FULTON STREET,
FULTON STHRL ET,
OVERCOATS—A! Woo! Blue Ch.nehilla Bearer, 3 J
OVERCOA [S=A'l Woo! Blae Mo cow Beaver, IT]
OVERCOA' 8=1ine French Castor beaver, i?
OVERCOATS—Fine Cuinehiila Beaver— Fast Calor, 20
OVERCOAT s=Freach Earelon, Llue coi Gold, Jixel nr
OVERCOATS—Ee gian Castor, fools, 23
OVERCUATS=—EMesl Castor, Indi zo Llae, 24
OVERCOA I's—Fine Freach Rotine, ali Colors, a
OVERCOATS—Geriaria Him. oa, Wm
OVERCOATS—=Prussian Essimo— Finest Importea
OVELCOATS Pressing Copchil’a=F nest Liported, 2)
Onr New Stele Cape Overcoat in Great Variety,
REEFING JACKETSE=Yeavy, al! Woo! Seoteh, *9
RLEFING JACKET3—AN Wool Bla: Criiehilla, Wz
KEEFING JACKETS=Al Wool Blur Mo eow, 13
REEFING JACKETS =Vire Moscow Beaver 9
RPFFING JACKE 8
KREEFING JACKE] px
TS ~Fine Chivelnla Fast Color,
[5—=Finest Esko,
WINTER SUITS —Ieawvr, al) Wool, Scotch, ey
WINTER SULTS —Diagooal Neotch Crgemn re, I$
WINK R SUITS=Heavy Blue Dizzonal Cosonenre, 19
WINER SUITS=F.ne Fagey Cassiwere, $13, $19 0 $22,
#22 to
WINTFR SCITS=Pine Back Doeskin, 3
WINTER SUITY—=VF ae Maseow Beaver, OH
WINTER SUITS—Finest Lui Bea aver, 3
Dress Suits of Fn nest et Goods Im rods
PANTS~-Fiue ip Lon se ere, Fasbiouable Stipes, $6, $6 50, $7, $7 20,
83 #9.
PANTS~Io nd Cassilneres, Voeskiag, Beavers, ke., in great varietyg
Prices that beat the Market,
EDWARD EVANS,
Clothing Warehouse,
66 68 Kulton-st., 40
Spanish ard German spoken.
G20. STECE 00.5.
GRAND, SQUARE, AND UPRIGHT
PIANOS
ARE THE CHEAPEST, BECAUSE THEY SURPASS ALL OTHERS
IN
TONE, FINISH, AND DURABILITY}
WAREROOMS, No. 233 EAST POURTBENTH-ST.
_—a

TOYS.
MEISEL, LAMPE Co,
“os
93 Chambers and 75 Reade-sts.,
Importees of (Genvan, French, ad Eoglish Toys, China, Paras, Glass?
OVFER TO SELL,
AT RETAIL:
From the 7th to the 23d of December only.
SARATOGA
Geyser Spring Water.
ENERAL DEPOT, 43 MURRAY-ST.
TEETH.
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN.—Dr. HASBROUCK, latel
operator at Colton Dental Association, has removed from Cooper
tule to 137 Breadway, corner T'wenty-secund-st.
Lg
GL
s—
RANT THEI
GRAND OT
BROADWAY
PANTALOONS TO ORDER.
8135, 817, $19.
és, 813,
$19,
$10,
TOLIT Owners
ARE THEBEST,
TREES ssa, BROADWAY.
SN
Cold Wind and Dust
from Dwellings, Churehes, Scbosl-bouses, 83d
all other Buildin
"PRICE LIST REDUCED.
RIVA’
ROEBUCK BROS,
58 Fultoo-st., near CUE, N. Y.
RALITRVTINE
a RTH Co y STEAM or WATER
IT
Ages. reene-9's,
re sole bo jablehwent of th bn Te United Staten)
coarivtive Ro os analastior