Oe wlortesitr guffs JSpg
rCBLISHED EVERY MOBXINO.
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
Al 98 per year, If paid strictly In advnne**
Otherwise, 75 Cents per Month.
®ln Stassnrljnstits spib
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At 9© per Annum.
J I>. nAL.I»WIN .V CO.. Proprietors.
NO. 4G MAIN STREET.
Worcester Jailn Spn.
CITY NEWS.
There are now 420 patients at the state lunatic
hospital in this city.
It will be the duty of every voter to go to the
polls to-day. They open at 9 a. m. and close at
4 p. M.
We have received the following from an active
voter in ward six Attention! Our flag is up
at the voting headquarters for ward six.”
The ladies of Salem street society invite their
friends to meet them at their vestry this evening.
See notice in another column.
Mike Garvey, a little one-legged truant, was
sent down to the city farm, yesterday, to the
school for that class of youthful offenders.
There are at present 87 prisoners in the house
of correction in this city, and 16 in jail, making
108 in the building.
Mrs. Macready as Shylock, supported by her
pupil, Mr. Alfred Knight, and several other
well known actors, will occupy Music hall on
Wednesday evening, the 16th.
Professor Stearns lectured, last evening, in
Horticultural ball, on “Fun and Psychology.”
His advertisement gives notice that he will lec
ture again this evening, and he hopes to have
another good audience.
The State Guard will have a very important
meeting to-morrow evening, one of the principal
matters to be discussed being the formation of a
veteran corps, a provision for which was adopt
ed while Maj. Stone was in command.
The weather of yesterday was beautifully
clear, and considerably colder than that of any
preceding one this season. Cheeks reddened to
match the bright colors of autumn dress goods,
horses stepped with a nimblencss known only
on frosty mornings, and some people say that
the ponds were frozen over early in the morn
ing.
Charles McKinley, who lives on Kansas street,
says that three men came to his place yesterday
during his absence, unlocked his barn and stole
his cow’. Some of the children were at home
and asked the man who led the cow off, what
he was doing it for. The man answered, “your
father told us to come and get the cow. It’s all
right.” He tied the animal to the rear of the
wagon and drove down the Millbury road.
One of Clark Sawyer’s clerks hurried to the
police office yesterday afternoon and confiden
tially imparted the information that one of the
chimneys in Taylor's block was “all a fire near
the top,” and added that the matter needed
looking to. A glance in that direction showed
that the appearance of fire was given to the
steam thrown off from the boiler by the slant
ing rays of the setting sun.
The Martinetti pantomime troupe will give
another peformancc at the theatre to-night.
They had a large audience last evening, and
the best that can be said of the entertainment
is, that it was a particularly absurd and dis
jointed one. The wit is too forced, and the ac
tion at times such as to offend a refined audi
ence. There were, however, one or two very
clever feats. It is to he hoped that a new and
better programme will be played to-night.
Dedication of the New People’s Club
Rooms. —The new rooms of the People’s club,
for which Brinley hall has recently been fitted
up and furnished, were dedicated last evening
by speeches and singing, to which a large and
enthusiastic assembly listened. Addresses were
made by Dr. Francis, president of the club;
Judge Chapin, its president last year; Rev. C.
M. Lamson, Hun. P. Emory Aldrich, Rev. A.
McKeown, Rev. E. H. Hall ami Mr. 11. H. Cham
berlin. The speakers all heartily endorsed the
objects of the club, ami assured its members of
their support. The singing was furnished by
the choir of the Church of the Unity.
Fernery Exhibition.—Quite a number of
entries were made yesterday of fern cases and
hanging basket, and the cases already sent to
the hall would make an attractive exhibition of
themselves. To-day, many’ more will be received,
among others to come in it is expected there will
be the largest fern case in the city, the doubt
about it is whether it can be got up the stairs. A
large collection of mosses will be offered for sale;
also fern cases and hanging baskets. The halt
will be open at seven o’clock this evening, and
continue Wednesday ami Thursday afternoon
ami evening. Tiie great success of the exhibi
tion last year warrants us in saying that a visit
this year will amply repay.
Suicide. —A Canadian, named Octave Beau
vais, committed suicide in this city yesterday
by poisoning himself with arsenic. He has been
partially insane for four or five years—so much
so that bis family did not live with him—and
he went to Canada, returning a few weeks ago,
since which time he has Jived with his brother
in-law, Leo Roberts, on Exchange street. He
complained of feeling worse than usual yester
day morning, and died towards the close of the
afternoon, when it was found that a while pow
der, thought to be arsenic, was scattered on the
pillow. He leaves a wife, who keeps a board
ing house in the city, and two or three children.
The case is in the hands of Coroner J. M. Rice,
who, in company with the city marshal, visited
thp body soon after death.
Municipal Court.—Judge Williams had a
long list of cases belorc him yesterday morning,
as is usually the case on Monday. They were
disposed of as follows: Michael Kelley, larce
ny, three months in the house of correction;
Francis Gilrain, keeping open shop on Sunday,
discharged; Wm. Savage, open shop, Sunday,
paid S2O and costs; Edward J. Safford and John
Sheridan, present at game on the Lord’s day,
paid $lO and costs each; Francis E. Damon,
fast driving, fined $5 and costs, appealed; John
Morey, obtaining money by false pretenses, case
continued; Murtough Glynn, drunkenness, fined
$5 and costs and committed; John Curry, Wm.
Hurley, Patrick Leonard, Eugene Curran, Mar
tin Callahan and Thomas H. Pearsons, paid $3
and costs each for drunkenness; Clifford Mycer
and Thomas O’Donnell, fined $2 and costs each
for drunkenness, were committed to jail on non
payment; Stephen Rice, open shop Sunday,
case continued; Michael Garvey, truancy, sent
to truant school for six months; James Donnel
ly, selling mortgaged property, case continued.
The Democratic Meeting, at Mechanics
hall, last evening, was called to order by Geo.
F. Hewitt, chairman of the city committee, who
read a list of officers, comprising Col. W. A.
Williams for president, and Hon. Isaac Davis,
Col. Janies Estabrook, Edwin Conant, and some
sixty others for vice presidents; and for secre
taries, Joseph E. Davis, John It Thayer, J. O.
Day, Samuel D. Nye, and F. L. Childs.
After brief introductory remarks by Col. Wil
liams, the meeting was addressed till a late hour
by Hon. Josiah G. Abbott, of Lowell, Hon. Ed
ward Avery of Braintree, Hon. P. A. Collins of
Boston, and T. Eilward Murray of this city.
Their remarks consisted chiefly of attacks upon
the republican party of the state and nation, in
which the usual allegations were ventilated.
Mr. Collins had something to say of the Spy;
and he spoke of the labor reformers as the “Jack
O'Lantern party,” insisting that they ought to
turn in and vote for the democratic nominees.
More About the Maine Housebreaker.
The young man, Rei Munroe Hill, who was ar
rested on Saturday by Officer Ranger, for break
ing into a house in Lewiston, Maine, confessed
yesterday to a robbery, which explains bow he
came in possession of so much money. He sor
rowfully deliberated the matter for a time, ant’
then “owned up” that he broke into his father’:
house in Windham, N. 11., last Tuesday night
and stole therefrom eight hundred dollars, goin
from this city for the purpose and hiring a tea
in Nashua to go out in the night and steal t'
money. He followed up the confession by dra
ing forth the sum of $395 from different pa
of his coat lining. His father, who is c
lector of taxes for the town of Windhan"
deacon in one of the churches there, and hi#
respected, came on during the forenoon ye/
jjuy, and spent the day in getting togethe
Forrester rfb Sun.
v J
VOL. 26, NO. 264.
much of the money (which belonged to the
town) as the boy could account for. A sewing
machine, two watches, a revolver, and several
other articles which he had purchased
were sold back to the dealers, and in
that way all but about one hundred of the
amount stolen was recovered. His father did
not miss the money until a few days ago, and
had no reason for suspecting his son, for his
visit home was not known to any one in the
neighborhood. Information of his arrest has
been sent to the Lewiston marshal, and he will
be delivered to Maine officers whenever they
come for him. His crime in Lewiston consists
of stealing about fifteen dollars, and when ar
rested he was not suspected of having commit
ted a robbery of such magnitude as his confes
sion and the facts reveal.
Meeting of the City Council.—The city
council met last evening and disposed of a lim
ited amount of business. Several reports, in
cluding those from the committee on renumber
ing streets, on highways, sidewalks, sewers,
&c., lay over as unfinished business with several
other papers—some in non-concurrenceand some
on account of not being reached in both boards.
Apetition from John Fallon for an assessment
of damages to his estate on the corner of Main
and Chandler streets, bv the widening of the
latter, and a petition from Owen McGourty for
damages to his estate by the grading of Oak
avenue and the schoolhouse lot, were referred
to the committee on highways.
Several orders for constructing and repairing
sidewalks on several streets, which passed the
board of aldermen Oct. 30th, passed the com
mon council in concurrence.
The common council non-roncurrcd in the
reference to the finance committee of Ed
ward W. Lincoln's communication on the
removal of the Old South church from the com
mon; and recommended that steps be at once
taken by the board of mayor and aldermen to
petition the legislature for its removal, in ac
cordance with the suggestions of the report.
The upper board then authorized the mayor to
publish the petition a proper length of time, be
fore submitting it to the legislature.
Decrees widening Wellington street and de
fining the bounds of a portion of Lovell street
were accepted and placed on file. Decrees laying
out and locating Dix and Coral streets, a por
tion of Union avenue, laying out ami extending
Tatnuck street from May to Chandler, laying
out and locating Penn avenue, and widening
Cedar street from Chestnut to Eve»ett, were
taken from the file, adopted, approved and al
lowed.
The committee on lighting streets reported
upon the petitions referred to them, favoring the
location of lamps on the following named
streets: Pleasant near the new Universa’ist
church, Highland, George, Oread, and Forest
avenue; also recommending the setting of two
oil lamps on Dix street, three on Highland,
three on Davis nine on Lafayette, one on Laurel,
anil one on Washington; gas lamps on Austin,
Woodland, Main between Wellington and Jack
son, Temple and Front streets. The report was
accepted.
A report was received from the city solicitor
in relation to bringing an amicable suit against
the gas company for the purpose of deciding
upon a price for which gas shall be furnished
consumers, the solicitor having made a proposi
tion to the company for the bringing about of
such a suit, iu accordance with a vote passed by
the council several weeks ago. The report con
tained the information that the directors of the
gas company declined to consent to a suit for
the purpose specified, but would prefer to meet
a committee of the city government with a view
of adjusting the controversy by some mutual
agreement satisfactory to both parties. The rc
poit was referred to the finance committee, with
instructions to meet the directors of the gas
company for the conference suggested.
In the board of aidermen John W. Iloppin
and Andrew Patterson were appointed special
police at Webster square; Lyman Bachellor,
special police at Brinley ball, and Thomas Kil-
Iclea special police for Millbury ami Ward
streets. No other business of public importance
was done.
Adjourned for one week.
Voting Places. The most important
changes in the voting places to-day will be in
wards 3,5, 6 and 8. For the information of the
public we state again the location of the polls
in the several wards:
Ward Ono—At the court house, as formerly.
Ward Two—At their new ward room lu the
school house on Belmont street.
Ward Three—At room No 6 Mechanics hall.
Ward Four—At Horticultural hall.
Ward Five—At 99 Park street (Levi Barker’s
block)
Ward Six—At 615 Main street (Calvin Tuft’s
block).
Ward Seven—At City hall.
Ward Fight—At 56 Pleasant street, (Ripley's
bl OCX.)
ESepubhcan ICnllynig C’oininitt4‘eß.
At a meeting of the republican city commlttiH* on
Saturday, the following named persons were desig
nated as rallying committees for the several wards.
They an* requested to be present at their several
voting places on Tuesday morning, at tiie opening
of the polls.
Warm I.—Geo S Iloppin. C E Stevens, JLB ir
hank, James S Rogers, Geo A Gates, T J Hastings,
L 1’ Goddard, Emery Gates, John Lvnam, James E
Green, A Warren, Geo Sumner, David M Wood
ward, Geo F Thompson, Duvid Boyden, J I) Dan
iels.
Ward 2.—R M Gould, Wm Allen, 2d, David F
Pond, Silas .1 Brimhall, Geo W Paul, Alfred Par
ker, Wm T Harlow, Wm Brown. .1 HJankins, Geo
Il Stearns, S A Portier, Lil Wells, Geo W Gale.
Ward 3—Thomas Harrington, S G Curtis, D
W Bemis, II W Bigelow, James Draper, George
E Smith, Henry c Willson, John C Olis, Geo S
Battelle, Gilbert J Rugg, Samuel D Waite, R II
Chamberlain.
Ward 4—George I’ Kendrick, A V Newton, Geo
II Sibley, Holland P Evans, Charles W Moody, C
H Carpenter, George W Norcross, II li Houghton,
Dr J G Park.
Ward s—Caleb Colvin, A P Butler, Allert New
bury, Maj O L Hatch, Wm P Barton, D W Haskins,
D 11 Perry, John A Tatmau, Wm G Grout, N F
Perry, E 8 Pike.
Ward6—J C French, J W Jordan, C L Rodding,
Osgood Plummer, Chas A Hardy, Jolin A Prince,
J B Knox, H J Howland, J Stewart Brown, I* A
Thompson, Loammi Harrington, Jeremiah Whit
comb, C B Robbins, N II Chandler, Kobt H John
son, Adin Tolman, Il S Whittemore, F O Bushnell,
Danforth Harris, Lorin Foskett, George M Wood
ward, Alzirus Brown, Dana K Pitch.
Ward 7—A G Walker, C N Hair, Edwin Ames,
J I’Houghton, Win G Maynard, Wm Underwood,
E T Marble, Jolin S Bond. C L Hartshorn. O B
Hadwen, A G Coos, Jones E Estabrook, John D
Lovell,Geo Ham,George R Kennedy, Edwin F Tem
pleton, C F Allen, Charles Bullard, Charles A
Goddard, J O Bemis, J A Titus, John S Baldwin,
ol A A Goodell, L N Gates. L J Knowles, 1- B
Knowles, Seneca Richardson, L K Washburn, J P
Weixer, Ir, I) A Tourtellott, B A Ball, E W Ball,
Sullivan Forehand, II C Wardsworth, Frederick A
Clapp. Charles E Brooks, L B Stone, E G Watkins,
A 11 Hammond, Lyman Drury.
Ward B—Vote Distributors—David Manning,
George A Brown, Geo L Newton, TL Johnson,
Addison Palmer, Woodbury C Smith,J D Washburn,
Henrv Bacon. 11 C Rico, J S Farnum.
Rallying Committee -Gerry Hutchinson, W IT
Hathorne, Geo S Barton, Charles A Chase, H F
Bishop,.l Marcus Rice, C G Parker, E P Halsted,
E H Towne, E E Abbott,Ephraim Chamberlain, O F
Rawson. F T Blackmer, Rufus C King, II W Eddy,
R J Tattnaii.
COUNTY NEWS.
Send in the Returns.—Our friends
throughout the county will confer a favor by
sending to us promptly on the close of the polls
to-duy, the result of the voting in their several
localities.
The Fitchburg railroad company has attached
to the ears ot the afternoon accommodation
train to Fitchburg the Westinghouse patent air
brakes. The locomotive is fitted up so that the
engineer does his own braking without assist
ance.
A correspondent informs us that the members
dican wing of the lalmr reform party
will not vote for Mr. Shepard as their
or representative, as be has always
abor reform. They do not wish to be
democrats.
The Weather.
ington, Nov. 6—The barometer will
Z rise on Tuesday very generally along
in tic coast, and the winds will vear to the
,st; rising temperature in the middle and
n states. Easterly winds will probably
1C during the night on southern Lake
;an, and northwest winds on the lower
civil service commission has had under
deration the subject of compelling appli
ibr postmaster's position, to undergo an
filiation, especially so far as the larger and
import ant offices arc cuuvemed,
LATEST NEWS.
BY mEGRAPH
TUB WORCESTER DAILY »PY
FROM EUROPE.
42 real Britain.
MORE CHARITY.
London, Nov. 6.—J. S. Morgan and company
have remitted .£2OO sterling received from
Greenock for the sufferers by the forest fires in
Michigan and Wisconsin.
Franco.
HUGO AND THIERS.
Paris, Nov. 6.—Another interview has taken
place between President Thiers and M. Victor
Hugo, with reference to obtaining a commuta
tion of sentence of banishment, and imprison
ment for life in a colonial fortress, passed by
the high court at Versailles on Henri Rochefort.
M. Hugo again renewed his endeavors to ob
tain the clemency of President Thiers in Roche
fort’s behalf. He repeated the reasons urged at
former interviews, and declared the punish
ment inadequate to the offence. M. Thiers re
fused to grant the desired commutation, and
intimated to M. Hugo that Rochefort must
abide by the decision of the Versailles tribunal.
QUARRELS.
Paris, Nov. 6.—Measures are being adopted
to permanently prevent the difficulties which
heretofore existed between the Prussian soldiers
and the French citizens near where the former
are quartered.
Germany.
TRADES UNIONS.
Berlin, Nov. 6—The workingmen’s society,
Saturday night, resolved to hold a congress for
the consolidation of the trades unions, on the
19th.
COINAGE BILL.
The federal council have approved the draft of
a coinage bill, which will be submitted to par
liament.
from Washington.
SUPREME COURT.
Washington, I). C., Nov. 6.—The decision of
the ease of the Howard insurance company vs.
the Norwich and New York transportation com
pany; error to the circuit court for Connecti
cut: The City of Norwich, steamboat, insured
by the plaintiff in error, collided with a schooner
in such a manner as to cause her to take tire
from her furnace, and, her light freight being
consumed, she sank. The insurance company
resisted payment, on the ground that the loss
was occasioned by a collision ami not by fire.
The court below instructed the jury that, if,
upon evidence, they found that the boat would
have continued to float so that she could have
been towed to a place of safety, had the fire not
occurred, the verdict must be for the plaintiff.
The jury so found, and the verdict was accord
ing. The correctness of this ruling was the
main question here, where it was sustained and
the judgment affirmed.
Western Massachusetts insurance company
versus the same, in error, to the same point;
also affirmed.
United States vs Burns: In this case the
court of claims gave the plaintiff judgment for
use by the government of the Sibhw tent, the
plaintiff being, by assignment, pari'owner of
the contract made with the government by a
Major Sibley. The department had refused to
pay, on the ground that payment would be a
violation of army regulations. This court is
of the opinion, that from the facts found be
low, that the Sibley contract was valid, and is
not within the prohibitions of the army regula
tions pleaded. Judgment therefore is affirmed.
Several other decisions were given, but they pre
sent no points of special interest.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Senator Scott has received a letter, dated
Yorkville, S C Oct. 29th, in which it is stated
that Avery, Tomlinson ami Bratton, who proved
to be members of the kuklux organization, with
twenty or thirty others, have fled, even before a
linger was raised or a warning proclamation is
sued. About one hundred and sixty surren
dered, and confessed all they knew, and the less
guilty are paroled for want of means to keep
them in charge. Evidence is piling in so fast
that there is time to do no more than file it away
until an opportunity offers to examine it. Their
evidence is an overwhelming confirmation of the
facts relative to the parties concerned in a large
number of whippings, in which the gang of
Williams'—of which Bratton was a leader, and
Avery an accessory before the fact,—were con
cerned; also the murder of Anderson Brown, in
which Tomlinson was concerned, the murder of
Leet and the murder of Rom id tree; and, aston
ishing as it may seem, even the facts and details
of five murders which the writer, with all
knowledge of the kuklux outrages, did not sus
pect had been committed.
“We have in jail," he says, “some thirty men
who have been concerned in various murders,
most of them having made a clean breast and
showed that they were ail committed by the or
der of the grand chief, Avery/'
THE KENTUCKY WAR CLAIM.
Several days ago, Judge Carey presented to
the United States supreme court a petition for
a mandamus to compel the secretary of the
treasury to issue a warrant for $525,259, the
amount alleged to be due on account of the
war claim of Kentucky. Today*the court grant
ed leave to the state to file an application for a
mandamus, and for a rule to show cause, to be
argued on the 17th.
PENSIONS.
The pension bureau issued G6l pension certifi
cates last week, of which 371 were to survivors
ami widows of the war of 1812.
Political.
G EORGI A—GOVERNOR BULLOCK.
Atlanta, Ga., Nov. 6. —Both branches of
the. legislature have adopted the following:
“Resolved, that Rufus B. Bullock, late gov
ernor of Georgia, who resigned the office and
left the state under circumstances creating
grave suspicion that he is guilty of high crimes
and misdemeanors, has, in charging in a let
ter, bearing date 23d of October, 1871, and ad
dressed to his political friends and the people
of Georgia, that a majority of the house of
representatives had pledged themselves to vote
for articles of impeachment against him with
out investigation, and that the senate had de
termined to unseat a sufficient number of re
publican senators to secure his conviction
without regard to the truth and validity of the
charges, defamed this general assembly by
charges which were untrue; that the statement,
in the same letter, to the effect that the people
of Georgia have recently denounced or ignored
the constitution of the United States, is false
and defamatory ol the people of this state; on
the contrary, we assert that the people of this
state do now, as they did six months ago,
when, according to the letter of said Bullock,
they were peaceably disposed, acquiesce in the
result of the war, and neither entertain any
hostility towards the United States, nor deny
to any person within the limits of the state the
equal protection of the law.”
Sporting Affairs.
MYSTIC PARK.
Boston, Nov. 6. —The running race was con
tinued this afternoon at Mystic park. The at
tendance was small, owing probably to the cold
weather. There were two races.
summary.
Mystic Park, Nov. 6.—Purse of 8500, for all
ages; one mile ami a half.
J O’Donnell, gs Mary Louise 1
J Donahue, b h Lord Byron 2
G II Burbeck, b c Cardinal 3
J Brougham, be J C Henan 0
J Coffee, b c Bonnie Scotland 0
Time, 2:42V
The second race was for a purse of S6OO, for
all ages, mile heats.
D McDaniels, c b Tubman 1 1
J Coffee, be Joe Elliot 3 2
J Brougham, blk g Gerald 2 3
Time, I:47J£ aud 1:49.
BUCKEYE COURSE.
New York, Nov. 6.-The trotting stallion
Mohawk, Jr., five years old, made a mile over
the Buckeye course, at Cincinnati, Friday, in
2:23; the half mile was done in 1:101. An
offer of $25,000 for him, from the east, is not
likely to be accepted.
Baiiroatl fflatlrrw.
NORTH MISSOURI.
St. Louis, Nov. 6.—lt is understood that an
agreement has been arrived at lad ween the
county court and the managers of the North
Missouri railroad by which ihe latter acquire the
county’s stock in that road for $90,000, and
agree to fully equip the road at the earliest prac
ticable moment.
ALABAMA AND CHATTANOOUA.
Montgomery, Nov. 6.—Judge BusteeJ has
granted an order declaring the Alabam.t add
Chattanooga railroad company bankrupt, ap
pointing Col. Giindal receiver and design ting
November 27th for the election of an as*’ nee.
Colonel Grindal was heretofore custodial J in
fcrim, appointed by the state, which runs
the road two hundred miles, and wik ve the
whole road in a day or two in active C .’tnation.
INDIANAPOLIS AND CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Nov. 6.—The stockholders of the
Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad have au
thorized the directors to file a voluntary peti
tion in bankruptcy or consent to a sale, under
proceedings of loreclosure, as they may deem
best. W. A. Booth, of New York, is presid nt.
The board of directors includesT. 11. Perkins,
of Boston.
The question whether Mr. Vincent Collyer ex
ceeded his authority' while in Arizona, and as to
what further instructions shall be given to Gen.
Crook regarding the treatment of the Apache
Indians, will receive the consideration of the
war and interior departments, and also that of
the president, some day this week. Mr. Coliver
will shortly lay all the facts before the president
iu an official report.
WORCESTER: TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 7, IS7I.
Our New York Dispatches.
Tnmnmny lihm Control of the Election
Otßcerx-Whut Judge* Bedford gays on
the Purity of ElectionN—Dcmorrnlic
Politician Accuwcd of Hwii»dlin<—Thr
Qiicmlioii of IliotM The LAunl Amount
of .VliMcellnticouN News,
New York, Nov. 6.—Judge Barnard this
morning denied the application made by John
Foley on behalf of the people for a mandamus
to compel Mayor Hall to appoint honest and
capable inspectors of elections. The affidavits
of Mr. Foley as to the character of Hall’s in
spectors was flatly contradicted by Hall’s
affidavits, which fact Judge Barnard said raised
an issue to be tried by a jury. He added, with
grim facctiousness, that Mr. Foley might have
the case put on the calendar, when it would
come to trial, say in three years. This is prac
tically giving the coaming inspection of the
election t o Tammany, and defeating all at
tempts at reform.
At the opening of the November term of the
special sessions to-day, Judge Bedford charged
the grand jury especially on the excise, usury,
lottery and election laws; also against taking
illegal fees by public officers, and in reference
to the act of March 3,1860, to prevent frauds in
the sale of tickets on vessels. To-morrow an
important election will take place, and he felt
certain that every fraudulent voter would lie de
tected and speedily punished. The applies
not only to the class notoriously known as “re
peaters,” but also to inspectors and cativassers,
who shall in any manner violate the election
clause. It will be the duty of the grand jury to
fearlessly investigate the charges presented by
the district attorney and promptly indict the
offender, irrespective of party or person, and he
promises that conviction and punishment should
follow their action.
The attorney general has commenced suits
against Thomas C. Fields, who is running for
the legislature against Horatio Seymour, for
swindling the firemen out of nearly half a mil
lion dollars, which he obtained by charging
them fifty per cent for services in getting a hill
of claims through the legislature, amounting to
a million of dollars, he being at the time a mem
ber of the legislature.
It is still lielievcd that there is danger of riots
in tiie seventh senatorial district between the
adherents of O’Brien and Bradley, as the police
are working in the interest of the latter. There
have been several rows already, and the excite
ment seems to be increasing. The police admit
that unless any outbreak be summarily put
down at its opening there will be very serious
work to-morrow, not only in the above men
tioned district, but in the Ist, Bth, 9th, and 16th
wards. The governor, mayor, police authorities
and military officers have arranged for effective
measures; if necessary. The polling places this
year have been located on wide avenues instead
of narrow side streets, in order that the police
ami military may have more room to act if
called upon.
Great excitement exists all over the city. The
general talk is of the election. Nothing else is
considered of any account. In the seventh dis
trict O'Brien has every prospect of being elected
over Shandly. His friends are using great ef
forts to press his claims. O’Brien will have
4000 majority, it is believed, but his friends fear
fraud and threaten violence if he is defeated.
A riot is feared, and four companies of troops
will be stationed there to keep order. Barret is
expected to beat Ledwith, and Sigel’s election is
hoped for. Tweed has his district under his
thumb and will be elected. His polls are in base
ments and rum shops where dirty work may be
expected. The revelations about ballot box
frauds excite amazement. The militia will take
pains to vote to-morrow in spite of the plan to
prevent them from doing so.
Garvey’s friends have settled the suit for three
thousand dollars against him for painting the
court house.
Four regiments of militia have been called
out for to-moirow, viz: 7th, 12th, 22d, and 71st,
but it is said that the object is to prevent the
members who belong to the Young Men’s reform
association from voting, as they will be in arm
ories all day.
Emigrants have been falsely registered, though
only just arrived.
The ring profess confidence, but they are
much concerned at the state of affairs. If they
are defeated their power will melt into thin air.
The young democracy will then claim to be
the regular democratic organization in New
York, and replace Tammany at the state con
ventions.
The police now are the sole reliance of Tam
many to carry the election to-morrow. Super
intendent Kelso is in the interest of the ring and
doing every thing to help them. He has just
issued a new order, giving the police entire
charge of the election returns, sous to allow
every chance for fraud.
Tweed hopes to escape by packing the jury
but it is doubtful if even that expedient will
avail. Sweeney is equally guilty, as all the
forged vouchers passed through his hands.
Garvey, who has been reported to be in Eu
rope and Montevideo, is believed by Sheriff
Brennan to be in Canada.
A number of clergymen preached yesterday
on the election, including Rev. Messrs. Adams,
Bellows, Frothineham, Hepworth, Mitchell,
Murray, Northrup, Boole, Davis and Westcott.
This is extraordinary and shows the deep inter
est felt in the election.
The committee of seventy were in secret ses
sion all yesterday afternoon, and it is under
stood business of importance was transacted by
the finance committee and the committee on
elections. A number of startling facts in rela
tion to election frauds to he perpetiatcd are al
leged to have been discovered, and it is stated
that active measures are now on foot to frustrate
the evil designs of ring politicians.
The chiefs of the reform movement in various
districts were in consultation until a late hour
last night, preparing for the election on Tues
day.
Gen. Shuler has ordered a relief of the mili
tary to-morrow, two companies at a time, for
the purpose of voting.
This evening, Aiderman Bernard O’Neil, 21st
ward, was arrested and locked up in the Ludlow
street jail, on a charge made by Patrick Con
nolly, who accused O’Neill of having induced
him to vote illegally at the last election.
John W. Wright publishes a card denying
that he has swindled the Indians, and denounces
the scoundrel who made the charge and courts
the fullest investigation.
A young woman named A. Mapes, died in a
stage Saturday night, having poisoned herself.
It is stated that Hamilton Fish will not return
to Washington this winter, having resigned the
secretaryship of state.
Gov. Hoffman, in his annual message, will
call attention to the subject of imprisonment of
debtors and the detention of witnesses, and
urge the amending of the laws to protect both
of these classes.
Rev. Henry Ward Beecher’s Sunday school
gave $3009 yesterday to the Michigan sufferers.
A suit has been brought by the attorney gen
eral against Thos. C. Fields for misappropri
ating $500,000 granted by the state legislature
to certain fire companies. Fields was to have
fifty per cent for his trouble, but pocketed all
but $14,673, which was what the firemen re
ceived.
R. O. Bernheim, alias Williams, alias Watson,
alias Cassidy, was arrested to-day charged with
raising a draft on Howes Macy from S3O to
SB,OOO, and obtaining money on it. He is also
wanted in Washington, D. C., and by Clark
Co., bankers, of Philadelphia, for alleged forger
ies.
During a fight, this evening, between Mary
Kinney and Margaret Ryan, at their house,
Kinney struck Ryan on the head with a tea cup,
fracturing her skull. Kinney was arrested.
Ryan was sent to the hospital in a dying condi
tion.
Sheriff Brennan has refused to comply with
the order for the release of John Kenney, one of
the prisoners in Ludlow street jail. A writ of
habeas corpus will be asked for on Wednesday.
There were twenty-six deaths from small pox
in Brooklyn, last week.
New England Dispatches,
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston. Nov. 6.—The news of the disaster to
the whaling fleet has caused an advance in whale
oil in this market from sixty cents to one dollar
per gallon, with no disposition by holders to sell.
Boston insurance offices had little if any risk
on property lost. New Bedford offices lose one
million, which they can pay and have a surplus
left.
A youth of seventeen, giving the name Martin
Van Kleck, is under arrest here, on suspicion of
stealing S6OOO worth of jewelry, found in his
possession, from his father in Brooklyn, N. Y.
He will be taken there for examination.
MAINE.
Belfast, Nov. 6.— The coldness of the weath
er at this time of the year is unprecedented in
eastern Maine. Boys are skating upon the
ponds in this vicinity.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Boston, Nov. 6. —It is reported that Commo
dore Pennock, of the Portsmouth, N. IL, navy
yard, has been ordered to the Brooklyn yard,
and Commodore Fabius Stanley, light-house in
spector, to command at Portsmouth.
CONNECTICUT.
New Haven, Nov. 6.—While the police were
arresting two notorious rowdies in the fifth
ward, this as ternoon, the officers were attacked
by the rowdies and their friends, ami one of the
officers was severely wounded. The affair
created the greatest excitement in the vicinity
for a time, and nearly the whole police force
had to be summoned before the arrests could be
made.
The New York World states that new develop
ments make it certain that the South Carolina
bonds were overissued to the amount of thirty
millions instead of twenty, and that fifteen mil
lions have been signed and shipped to Europe
for sale there, the remainder being put on the
market here. It says the same programme has
been carried out by North Carolina officials and
a prominent southern railroad which is inter
ested In the Utter,
i
Chicago Dispatches.
The Case of Gen. Mherhlnn New Court
House-Talk about ii King. etc.
Chicago, Nov. 6.--A special from Springfield,
111., states that the defence of Sheridan’s mili
tary occupation of Chicago seems to rest on the
plea of necessity. It is not generally known
that the adjutant general of the state, an ex
perienced soldier, reached Chicago the day after
the tire with 450 picked men under orders from
Governor Palmer to enforce the laws and pre
serve order, and that under the advice and direc
tion of General Sheridan and Mayor Mason he
returned home with the men because there was
no necessity for them. After this, the regiment,
of which Governor Palmer complains, was or
ganized and called into service.
The board of public works have decided upon
a general plan for a new courthouse. It will
cover the entire court house square, the front
extending to the sidewalk around the entire
block, having a large court in the centre of the
block.
Gov. Palmer is preparing an address to be
read before an adjourned meeting of the general
assembly, which assembles at Springfield on the
15th inst., in which a controversy between him
and the United States authorities, together with
all the correspondence between the governor,
Mayor Mason and others,will occupy considera
ble space.
The mayor has issued a proclamation, recom
mending ttie closing of all business houses on
election day, and prohibiting the sale of liquor
on that day.
The Tribune this morning has the following:
“There are good grounds for believing a ring
has been formed for the purpose of making sev
eral millions by locating the new government
buildings—the post office, court house, district
courts,etc. -where the members of the ring have
secured option on a large amount of property.
Prominent politicians whose well known busi
ness qualifications have become proverbial, to
gether with members of prominent dry goods
firms, are understood to be prime movers. The
property they have secured includes the site of
the former government works on Adams street
near the river. The control they have of the
property now consists mainly of leases secured
within the past ten days, leases to run from
three to live years with the privilege of purchas
ing at the end of these terms at a stated price.
The programme is presumed to be that recom
mendation will tie made to congress by certain
officials to the effect that ground lor the new
government buildings be selected in some local
ity where it can be purchased for less than the
exorbitant price demanded by the owners of
property adjoining the present court house
site.
Over four thousand new buildings are now in
progress oi erection in the burnt district.
The receipts of the internal revenue for this
county for the month of October have been
$300,000.
A dispatch from London to Rev. Robert Col
Her, states that his friends in England will raise
$50,000 to rebuild his church here.
Deep interest is manifested in the result of
the election to-morrow. The board of trade
will hold no session, as the mayor has a piocla
tion recommending the closing of all places of
business.
The shelter committee of the aid society re
port 5689 applications for temporary houses, of
which 4178 have been granted.
Fire Record.
AT NEW YORK—LOSS 870,000.
Ne w Yo rk Nov. 6This m orn in g a fi rc b rok e
out in the moulding mills, at 231, 233 and 235
East Forty-second street, occupied by Jackson
Matz. Loss $40,000; half insured. Thomas
Duffy's loss is $20,000; insured for 510,000. The
tire extended to 237 and 239 East Forty-second
street, occupied by McKenzie Weydey. Loss
about 510,000; partly insured. Several adjoin
ing buildings on Second avenue vere damaged.
AT BROOKLYN—LOSS 520,000.
Brooklyn, Nov. 6.—Yesterday morning, a
fire occurred in the oil works of Charles Pratt,
at Hunter’s point. The flames spread with great
rapidity, and in the midst of the excitement one
of the large iron tanks exploded. Four men were
badly injured, three of them being severely
burned by the explosion. The loss by Are is es
timated at 520,000.
AT ORBeNBUSII—LOBS S9OOO.
Albany, Nov. G. —A fire this afternoon, in a
barn in Greenbush belonging to Jolin M. Reno,
spread to the frame residences of Albert Phelps
and R. C. Havdin, and the lumber yard of the
Callendar company. Rem’s loss, 53500; Rave
lin's, $8000; Phelps’, *ISOO, and the Callendar
company’s about $1000; all partially insured.
AT BROOKVILLE, jIND.,—LOSS $75,000.
Brookville, Ind., Nov. 6.—The mills of the
Stewart paper company were burned yesterday.
Loss, $75,000; insurance,s2s,ooo.
AT PORTLAND—LOSS $25,000.
Portland, Nov. 6.—A fire occurred in the
Casco brewery, on Fore street, beyond the
Grand Trunk depot, this afternoon. Damage,
$25,000; insured. Partially owned by J. S
P. McGlindey.
AT SAN FRANCISCO—LOSS $20,000.
San 1* rancisco, Nov. 6. —The San Francisco
wood preserving works were burned to-day;
loss 520,000.
AT LONDON, ONT.—LOSS $90,000.
London, Nov. 6. —Moorehead's furniture fac
tory and residence, also a small cabinet shop,
were burned to-night. One hundred mechanics
are out of employment. Moorehead’s insurance
was $40,000; total loss, over 590,000.
Criminal Record.
MURDER.
Pittsburg, Pa., Nov. s.—James Duffield,
aged fifty years, was murdered in Pittsburg last
night by two men named Lorringer and Finn,
who beat Duffield’s brains out with a clinker
from a furnace. The murderers were arrested.
ANOTHER MURDER.
Wilmington, Del., Nov.6.—Stephen 11. Cos
tner, justice of the peace, terminated a drunken
quarrel with Charles E. Woolsey, a school teach
er, in Christiana, Village, yesterday, by shoot
ing Woolsey dead. Costner surrendered him
self.
kuklux.
Columbia, S. C., Nov. s.—The crusade
against the kuklux is still actively being prose
cuted in the interior. All arrests thus far have
been in the counties of York and Spartanburg,
except five in Union county of men charged
with complicicity in the murder of eight ne
groes taken from jail in Union village, in Feb
ruary, by disguised men and shot. One is a
judge of probate, one a hotel keeper and two
merchants; one is a mulatto, and a shoemaker.
Those prisoners deny all knowledge of kuklux,
ami are reticent. They have a hearing Satur
day before the United States commissioner, the
hearing haying been postponed a week at their
request. The kuklux trials begin on the 27th
before Judge Bond.
counterfeiters’ den.
St. Louis, Nov. 6.—A counterfeiters’ den, a
few miles from Kansas City, was broken up last
Saturday. John Riley and Thomas Ballard
were arrested. Harry Cole and Josiah D. Myer,
the latter the leader of the gang, were captured
but escaped while the officers were examining
the house. The officers captured a SIOOO na
tional bank note plate, one S2OOO ditto, two $lO
ditto, four fifty cent plates, two sets of engraver’s
tools, ten transfer rolls and bed pieces, two
transfer and five printing presses, and SBSOO of
counterfeit money with a quantity of the fibre
paper used by the government.
Fatal Accident*.
PANIC.
Louisville, Nov. 6.—During the panic last
evening at the African Baptist church, which
was caused by the giving way of a column,
nine women and two children were trampled to
death.
ANVIL EXPLOSION.
Montgomery, Ala., Nov. 6.—At a radical
gathering, in Court square, to-night, an anvil,
used as a cannon, exploded, killing two men,
and mortally wounding two or three. Several
others were badly injured.
Abbreviated DiMpatriiCN.
The London Mansion house fund for Chicago
amounts to j£47,800.
There is no foundation for the reports of the
existence of yellow fever at Savannah.
The emigration returns of Liveniool for Octo
ber, show a total of 14,263 for the United States.
The British expedition for the observation of
the total eclipse of the sun, the 11 th of Decem
ber, has arrived at Malta.
The English parliament, has been further pro
rogued to December 27, by a proclamation from
the queen.
It is rumored that 2000 repeaters from New
York will be imported into Brooklyn to-mor
row.
Judge Gilbert charged the grand jury of
Kings county in relation to the law and punish
ment for frauds on the ballot.
Judge Pratt has refused to vacate the injunc
tion in the Fisk-Mansfield case, which practi
cally changes the venue from Brooklyn to New
Y ork.
The order for the arrest of Thomas Fields was
granted, and bail fixed in SIOO,OOO. It is said
that the order will not be served until after the
election.
John Nevins, clerk in the register’s office, has
been arrested, on charge of an attempt to steal a
number of deeds and vouchers, and committed
in default of S2OOO hail.
Hon. James McCleary, member of congress
from Louisiana, died in New York on Sunday
evening of consumption. He served in the fed
eral army during the late war.
The president has appointed William Prescott
Smith and John W. Davis commissioners from
Maryland to the centennial celebration of Amer
ican inde|>endence at Philadelphia.
Peter Furlacher has been sentenced to fifteen
years in the state prison for highway robbery,
and George Hoffman, driver of a milk wagon,
to three years in the penitentiary for passing
counterfeit notes,
lbs case of Mrs. Julia Saviorsj who hud been
on trial in the fifth district court in Stockton,
CaL, for two days, charged with shooting a Mrs.
Lake a few months ago, through jealousy, be
cause Mrs. Lake was living with Mrs. Saviors’
husband, was concluded Saturday evening. The
jury brought in a verdict of not guilty.
In the vice admiralty court at Halifax yester
day, Chief Justice Young gave a decision in the
case of ihe American schooner J. 11. Nickerson,
seized while procuring bait in North bay. The
vessel and contents were condemned, but it is
thought improbable that the government will
enforce the decree.
The recent disaster to the whaling fleet was
fully predicted by the Esquimaux, but no atten
tion was paid to the warning. The Esquimaux
were boarding the ships and carrying off every
thing of value to them when the crews aban
doned their vessels.
At Cincinnati, the committees of the common
council have agreed to recommend to that body
to vacate Kilgour street and Egglestone avenue,
from Pearl to Front street, for the use of the
Cincinnati bridge company and the Pittsburg,
Cincinnati and St. Louis railroad.
The general council of the Lutheran church
of North America, held at Rochester, has re
elected Rev. Dr. Scranth president. All the
synods are represented, including Texas and
Canada. Increased support of home and for
eign missions is engaging earnest attention.
Steamlioat Wade Hampion, from Vicksburg
fur New Orleans, sunk opposite Donilsonville,
yesterday morning. No lives were lost. The
cargo consisted of 1669 bales of cotton, fifty
hogsheads of sugar, and one hundred sacks (if
cotton seed. Most of the cargo will be saved,
damaged, and the steamer mav be raised. She
is valued at $60,000; insured in western and
northern companies for SBO,OOO.
The Blair family and others of their political
faith have been putting their heads together re
cently for the purpose of patching up a ticket
for president and vice president to be submitted
to the democratic convention, and to catch the
conservative voters generally next year. The
scheme, of course, includes some memlier of the
Blair family.
The question of transferring the Indian bu
reau to the war department will again be agi
tated at the next session of congress. The sec
retary of war, although satisfied that the mat
ter will be a subject for the president and cabi
net to consider before the assembling of con
gress, has not yet decided whether he will al
lude at length to the proposition in his annual
report to congress. The president, although
formerly in favor of transferring the bureau to
the war department, is now, it is understood,
opposed to any change, being satisfied that the
policy marked out by him is the right one.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS Amerl
can and Foreign Pateuts procured,Rejected Ap
plications re-argued; interivrence Cases Prosocuteu;
Opinions given m to the validity and infringement of
Patents and Suite prosecuted and defended lu the U.S!
Courts, by
TIIOB. II DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of libs
Hoard ol Appeals, U. 8. Patent office,) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office. DodgOaß
Block, corner Park and Portland sts. Worcester, Masa.
«24 d&wtf
Q LIVER'S
STOVE STORE,
MA IX STREET OLD NO. MYO
my 24 di f
financial.
QFFICE OF
FISK HATCH,
BANKERS AND FINANCIAL AGENTS
or THK
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAIL-
ROAD COMPANY,
No. 5 Nassau St., New York.
The rails are being laid on the Western Division of 100
miles of tiie Extension of this
<4 KHAT HAST AMI WEST TRUNK
LINE,
which in a short time will be ready for general travel
and traffic, and for the traiHportation of Kanawha coal
to the Ohio River lor the Western markets.
The earnings of the Eastern Division of 227 miles as a
local road, awaiting the completion of the Middle Divis
ion of 100 miles, will reach, this year, nearly SHOO,OOO.
The total cost of the entire road, and the large equip
ment required for Us mineral and through traffic, will he
fully $30,000,000.
The total amount of the FIRST MORTGAGE BONDS,
which we are now selling, is Fifteen Million Dollars,
Of which ONLY ABOUT FoUK MILLIONS REMAIN UNSOLD,
the procvedM of which, with the Uatth on
hand, will be ample for the Completion of
the Entire Eine.
The Inducements they offer to investors are:
A perfect security.
Great popularity and a high price when the road is
finished.
The same rate of interest as Five-twenties.
Principal and interest both payable in United States
gold coin in New York City.
Their present low price (f>:t and accrued interest from
Nov. I,) which is about 20 per cent, less than Five twen
ties, with equal certainty of payment of interest and
principal.
We recommend them to our friends and customers
with the same confidence with which we have always
recommended tiie United states Government and the
Central Pacific Bonds.
We continue to buy and sell Central Pacific Bonds
at the market price, and fully expect they will, in time,
reaeli the price of Five-twenty Bonds. They are dealt in
at all the principal money centres of the world; the
Company have none left, .and can issue no more, on their
Main Line, as the amount was fixed by act of Congress
at $25385,000; tiie property p'edged to secure tiie bond
holders Is
WORTH FULLY ONE HUNDRED MILLIONS
the net receipts of the road for the year will lie nearly
three limes the interest payments thereon.
Tue Chesapeake and Ohio Bo»ds are issued in slixi.
SDOO, $1000; either coupon or registered; interest, six per
cent., gold, payable May and November.
The CKNTBAL Pacific Bonds are all for SIOOO each;
interest six per cent., gold, payable January and July, In
New York City.
We buy and sell Five Twenties, Ten-Forties,
Eighty-Ones, and central or Western Pacifics, or
receive them in payment for Chesapeake and Ohio
Bonds at their current market price.
Orders for Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds, accompanied
with Drafts or Checks, may be forwarded to us by mail.
Bonds or money may lie forwarded by any respectable
Express Company at our expense, and the Chesapeake
and Ohio Bonds, in exchange, will be sent by return
Express, charges paid.
Deposit accounts of banks, bankersand others received,
on which tr fallow interest at the rate of four per cent, per
annum. Checks drawn on us are payable on presenta
tion, without notice, the same as at a National Bank.
Certificates of Deposit, bearing interest at special rates
to be agreed upon, will be issued to Savings Banks, In
stitutions, Trus eesof Estates, and others having sums
of money awaiting investment.
Orders for Investment Stocks and Bonds executed at
the Stock Exchange. Government Securities bought and
sold, as usual, al current market rates.
FISK HATCH.
HARVEY FISK.
A. S. HATCH. deopAweop2m n 4
i’egal Hoticcs.
(Commonwealth of massachu-
V ss ’’robate Court. To the
Nex ot kin, Creditors, and all other persons inter
eMed n the estate of ME RY GOULD, otherwise called
Submit Gould, late, of Worcester, in said county.de
cmil, mteslate. Greeting:
I non the petition of Luther N. Wood, you are herebv
cited to appear at a Probate Court, to lie held at Worces
t' l in said County, on the first Tuesday of November
next, at nine o clock in the forenoon, to show cause,
it any you have, why a letter of administration on the
estate ot said deceased should not be granted to said
petitioner.
Andthesald petitioner Is ordered to serve this citation
by publishing the same once a week, two weeks suc
ee —ively, in the Worcester Dally Spy, a newspaper
printed al Worcester, the last publication to be one day,
at least, before said court, and to send, or cause to be
sent, a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, postage pre-paid, to each of the heirs, devisees,
or legalevs of said estate, or their legal representatives,
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, before said
court.
Witness. Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this twelfth day of October, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one.
«u WSVMB w l
PRI( E 4 CENTS.
JT WILL RESTORE THE COLOR TO
GRAY OR FADED HAIR!
AVARR E N S
XOT POISONOUS
Hair Restorer
Secured la United States Patent Office, Sept. 19,1871.
No Sediment, clear as Water and as Prat. It
contains no Oil. Alcohol or Spirits: consequently it will
not Gum the Hair <>r make it drj' and wiry. No Nitrate
of Silver, Sugar of Lead, Luc Sulphur, Ac. It will
RESTORE TRE COLOR
to Gray or Faded Hair. It will PREVENT the Hair from
tailing off it will tend to
MAKE THE IIAIH GROW.
MANUFACTURED BT
EDWIN A. HAKREW,
Apothecary,
IN HAY STATE HOUSE, WORI ENTER
To whom all orders should l»e addressed.
030 dtt
Wants.
XV" ANTED An American boy, from 14 to
16 years old, whose parents reside* In the citv, and
can come well recommended, as an office boy. Aoph at
424 Main -t._ Room 5. dtt ng
mwo GENTLEM BN, or a Gentleman and
J. his wife can he accommodated with board in a pri
vate family. Applv at 21 Irving sterel. :u* nti
Attention japanners i a man
who thoroughly understands the business of iapan
ning tin an I Iron In sheets, such as are used hv sign
painters and photographers, can make a connection to
Lis advantage by corresponding with THE KELLOGG
BULKELEY CO., Hartford, Ct. d6t 116
JJOY WANTED
EEI>IKEI> «V LIMOMR,
Jw dtf 401 Main t
|”JIRL WANTED To do general house-
VR work ApplyatSMMain street. dun 6
IVAXTEb A capable girl, to do general
V housework. Applv at 44 Trumbull st.
_n4 ,|»t*
BOARD WANTEIh-A young■ huly, furl
nishing the best ot references, desires a neat ly fur
nished room, with board. A private family where there
re r l »<wJow. preferred. Address, at once, Lock
Box 1093. City. dSl*
SI I’l ATION WANTED—As second girl,
or to do general housework. Apply al No. 161 Me
chanic st. d3t* ns
PROFITABLE EMPLOYMENT! A.
tive Men wanted, with whom liberal arrangements
will be made for selling something entirely new. Call
at, or address SCOFIELD NOVELTY CO..
nl d3t* Room 13, European Hotel, Worcester. Mass.
OABDERSW A N T E D
Apply Immediately.
J’ 4 10 St.
A™™ WANTEO I„ every town in
Worcester County, to sell our new and valuable
articles. Ladies and gentlemen, with a capital of $3 to
$5. can deuWe their money every day. rati a- office, or
address, with stamp, GREENWOOD «t co
J l4 dtt 410 Main st.
AC ENTS WANTED MALE AND FE-
MALE—In everv town in the United States, to
sell an article needed bv every ladv. A live Agent can
make from $5 to S2O per day easily. Send S 2 for sample.
0T 1 1 0n V- Hastings, Millbury. iim
Millbury, Sept. 7,1871. dtf
WANTED A good cook. Inquire at C.
D W. HAMILTON’S. 5 Vernon st.
_027 dtf
YVANTED— 2 or 3 smart, active girls, for
Drawing in ’otton Warps.
STURBRIDGE COTTON MILLS,
_027 dtf Fiskdale. Mass.
BOARD ’—Pleasant furnished rooms for
gentleman and wife or single gentlemen, with good
board. Apply at Salisbury Mansion, Lincoln Square.
_o2B dlw*
TITAN TED—S,OOO Quart Champagne Bot-
VV ties, by E. JEWETT, Manufacturer of Improved
Tonic Beer, 26 Exchange st., Worcester, Mass,
lel2 dtded
VV ANTED—Good reliable men, to represent
V the Union Mutual Life Ins. Co. cf Maine in this
city, to whom good compensation will be paid. Also,
Agents throughout the County, where the company is
not represented. Address I’. O. Box m, Worcester
013 dM.W&Stf
OCT ANTED— A Partner, with from SIOO to
$309, in a good paying easy business. Best of ref
erence given and required. Address immediately.
n 4 <l3l* CHARLES S. WESTGN.’ I’.
WANTED! To exchange good propertv
for a house in the city. Address I’. O. Box 722.
_“ 5 _ d3t
RHABLE BOARDERS can be accommo-
JL dated at the corner of Gra ton st. and Penn avenue,
east front door. dlw* na
VV ANTED A good Moulding Sticker.
Apply at once, at RUSS EDDY’S Moulding
Works, 26 Manches.er st., corner of Bridge.
Hl
WEAVERS WANTED 6 ori.s good
Broad Fancy Loom Weavers; good mill, good
machinery, good pay, and steady employment. Tene
ments lor family help, if desired. Apply to
SUMNER PRATT A CO..
Oil d2w* 22 .and 26 Front >t.
pOTTON MILL HELP WANTED—I
V 7 good Carder, with family help; 2 Frame Spinners;
1 Spooler-tender; I Twister-tender; 1 Reeler; 1 Fly
frame-teuder. Apply soon, to
SUMNER PRATT CO.,
22 and 26 Front st.
Also, a good Repair Hand. dlOt* 024
SIOO to 250uM^t&
where selling our new seven strand White Platina
Clothes Lines. Selisreadilyatevervliou.se. Samples
free. Address the GIRARD Wlk’E MILLS,
023 deop&weow2m* Philadelphia, i’a.
/nrnilurt.
IS YOUR TIME TO SECURE A
WALNUT CHAMBER SUITE!
and make your selection f>om twenty-five or more dif
ferent styles, all thorough made and warranted, at man
utacturers’ wholesale prices, for cash or satisfactory
paper, or for a reasonable profit, payment may he made
by installments. Any party going to Boston for such
goods is not posted. Come in and examine our stock
and prices, after looking elsewhere.
H W. DENNY A CO
n 6 d2w 555 Main st.. Sargent Square.
0 H AS. V PUTN AM~
No. 143 Main St.,
has constantly on band and for sale:
B. Walnut Chamber Sets, with Marbles.
Parlor Suites.
Chestnut Extension Tables
Marble-Top Centre Tables.
Also, a very full assortment of Painted and Grained
Furniture—cheap as the cheapest. A great variety of
<lll Ml K EK’S C ARRIA <J ES,
and a full stock of Stone China, and Crockery of James
Edwards and other celebrated manufacturers.
Also, a full assortment of Gentlemen's Furnishing
Goods; Clocks. Jewelry, and other fancy articles.
CHARLES V. PUTNAM.
_mli2S dtr
JJENBY A. BOWMAN",
UPHOLSTERER.
PARLOR SUITES
of all sty'cs, and all kinds of Upholstery W“rk made to
order.
KST"*Repairing done at short notice.
(3r“Carpets cut, made and put down.
SPONGE! SPONGE! SPONGE!
Cheaper and more durable than Hair or Feathers, for
Mattrasses, Pillows or Cushions.
H. A. HOWMAN,
I<B Foster Nt Opp. Boston Depot.
o 3 dtf
yyM. BROWN,
PRACTICAL
UPHOLSTERER,
Roomi Central Exchange, Main At.
lyl dtf
nnb
IVOTICE!
Ladies' Congress Gaiters, $1.25
LADIES', MISSES’ AND CHILDREN’S STUDDED
GAITEKS!
Men’s Calf Tap Sole Boots, $4.50
Men's Calf Boots, Extra wide, $4.00!
Having secured the services of Mr. L. L. PT ERUE,
the former proprietor of the store. 1 hope to fully meet
the wants of my customers.
Thankful fur past patronage, I hope to merit the eon
tlnuance of the same.
JOEL FLETCH RR,
No. 3 Buy Stale House Block, No. 285 Main st.
•18 dtf
JUST STEP IN TO FLETCH Kit'S. and
look at those Gentlemens Slippers, just received
from the Manufactory. No. 3 Bay Mate House Block,
One Price Store, 2X5 Main st. dtf n 2
VAnETHANCE I—FOR SALE—Go al
Al Will. Stock amt Fixtures of a Clothing.| Hoot Banti
Shoes, and Genta’ Furnishing Goods store. Stuck clean
and good. Apply in person or by mail, to
KEYES C LOSSON,
Yt,
ADVKHTIMIXO BATEN.
In Dailt Rpt— For the “Square* of ten flinci so!
ag*te type, 1 time 75 cts.; each subsequent insertion 58
eta.; I week $2.75; 2 weekss4.oo; 1 month $6.00; 1 year
s6o—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two lines for one week $1.00; three line $1.25;
P°ur lines $1.37; five lines $1.50. Local notices 25 cent*
er line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 1.5 cents per line
Legal advertisements si.oo per square for first inser
lion; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special positions; In the paper, and special styles of
display, will lie charged extra rales. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly Spy—First insertion SI.OO per square;
each subsequent Insertion 50 cents; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
.Vetoing jn.icHnes.
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite! I
A. E. PECK, Agent,
100M»in8t.
yy H E E I. E R fc WIL SON’S
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE THE BEST
Ever Offered to Public Patronage,
They are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make an even and firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use.
Call and see before purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser. Ww
Uf-' Every Machine warranted.
BEAL PERCIVAL.
310 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
deoptf
EYS I’ONE
SEWING MACHINE!
Rlegant, Simple, and Durable I
EOCK-STIT< 11.
STRAIGHT NEEDLE AND SIIUTTf.E.
IFf Agents Wanted. Address Keystone Sowing Ma
chine Co., 220 Tremont st., Boston.
_ 012 dTu.TbAStf J. Agent
rjHIE AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Ovcrseani or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
I’lease call and examine Machines ami Work, at
334 Main Street.
‘”r 1. u. STO<!KWEr.t.
rjiHE
HOWE SEWING MACHINES
r Bt 7 T .W c K c s celebrated pat-
Tr.RNs tor Ladies Misses', and t'hildren's Garment*
of all kinds, and Shirt Patterns of all sizes, al
Slain Ml., Worcester. Mass.
1,. Q. SPAILIIiyG, Asent.
Also. Needles FOK ALL AINDS OF MACHINES, Silk, Oil
&c. linkers, Ktiffiers, and Corders.
jZ" Ma« b!iic* Repaired. dtf apG
Iff usual.
JJICHAKDSON’S NEW METHOD FOR
THE PHXOFORTE.
This well-proved Method has been 12 years before the
public 'arefally prepared, and highly recommended at
tiie outset, it has steadily increased in public favor, until,
some years siuce.it fairly reached the highest position,
and seems likely to retain it for a long time.
Annual Hale 2»,»OO Copies.
Commencing to take lessons, now a-days, and pur
chasinK a “Richardson" are very apt to lie coiemporane
oils events.
Price, $3 75. Sent, post-paid, for the retail price.
■n« dtf olivi.i: DITBOH ACO Boaton.
4 DA F. KENT,
IEAdIEROFMISK',
■4 dtf _ Ko. 7 Waldo
j.> IAN O 8 A N D O RG A N s'
WW. HUMNEK. Selects and Furnishes all kinds
of Piaros and Organs from Ihe Factories in New York
and Boston, or from houses in Worcester, if desired.
Call at No. 1 ('hatham St. Place, or address by mail.
Orders tor Tuning and Repainng may be left at L. 11.
Bigelow's Book Store. 239 Main st. dTu. Th&Stf n 5
ALL INSTRIJMWt.S USED IN
BANDS; ALSO,
VIOLINS, Guitars, (including Martin’s celebrated
Guitars,) Violoncellos, Double Basses, Concertinas,
French and German Aceordeons, Flutinas. Banjos, Har
monicas, Flutes. Piccolos and Flageolets, with all things
needed in their use or repair, as:
STRINGS, Bows, Pegs, Finger Boards, Bridges, Reeds,
Screws, Ac.
Also, Tuning Forks, Pitch Pipesand Tuning Hammers,
manufactured of the best slock, or imported, am! for
sale by
<l. lIAYNEH ,V< 0.,
33 Court st., opposite the Court House, Boston.
si deop&wly
QHIOKBRING SONS’
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES,
And upon the Most Favorable Terms of
Payment
We invite the attention of persona intending to pur
chase Pianos, to our New Illustrated Catalogue, giving
lull descriptions of Styles and Prices, and the terms on
which we sell to those desiring to make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send for a Catalogue.
CHICKERING bONS,
354 Washington St, Boston.
11 East 14th St, New York.
023 d&wlji
AS. ALLEN, Pianoforte Tuner and
Music Teacher. Rooms at C. L. Gorham Co. s,
454 Main st. Order Slates may also be found with B. D.
Allen. 41 Pleasant st., and at S. N Sturv’s Jewelry Es
tablishment. dtr fjj
rpUNING, POLISH! NG REPAIRING
PIANO FORTES.
We respectfully announce to the public that we have
secured the valuable set vices of Mr. WM. C. ELLIS, of
Boston, who has for the past eighteen years been con
nected with one of the largest Manufactories in the
stale. Mr. Ellis, as a thorough workman and practical
mechanic, bears a reputation second to none in the
country. His Tuning, Repairing. &e., in every instancy
give- entire satisfaction and in connection with a first
elas» Polisher, old Pianos are mode as good as new, tor a
very low price.
Fleas** call and examine work at Repair Room,
444 Main St., W nrceater, Spy Bluek.
-’1 RH II Ai: l><. Ml.l< U.K A co.
SOUTHLAND’S OR C H est r a,
WORCESTER, MASS.
Private Parlies, Balls, Picnics, Festivals and Excnr
rions furnished with any numl>er of Pieces at the short
est notice. (1. 11. WILSON, Prompter.
Drier Book at Richards, Metcalf Co’s, 441 Main st.
Also, at Oftlce ul G. 11. Southland, 21 Crompton’s Block,
Mechanic st.
Mr. 1.. H. Wilson, thankful for past favors, solicits a
continuation of the same in hiture. d3w* 030
WHE LADIES’ HAIR STOKE. MtaM
A A. E. F. O. CLOUGH w ould nvpectfully inform
their lady friends and former patrons, that they have
returned to their old location, 62 Front st., S. R. Leland's
Building, opposite the Coimnon, where they will be
happy t«» attend to the wants .it all who may favor them
with a call, in making work to order; also. renovating
and ad justing «Gd sets of hair; cutting children’s and
misses’Lair, c hwnpoui ng. Ac.. r clough
ul y3o dtf FANNY O CLOI GIL
WHITNEY’S N EATS FOOT
5 gyA? HARNESS SOAP.
STEAM k efixed.
fi K
It Oils, Blacks, Polishes, and Soaps ar.
v the same time. Put up in large and small
size boxes, also in 3 lb. burs. Has been tn use for years*
ami gives peifect satisfaction. Send stamp for our
WAVERLY Address G. F. WHITNEY A CO.,
OH d6m >9 Mok -I Uo-iod. Mass.
1^0 1’ ND—On the road to Leicester, aGOL D
Bi: ACELF.T, wh ch the owuei can have by proving
propertv and paying for this advertisement.
114 u3t* C. F. CURTIS, Auburn.
_ aTRAVyK OR stolen—From
MA e pasture of be subscriber, TWO SMALL
COWS, übuiit rix years old, one with
horns, the other (tuunUxL Information
Witriowltabiyrewarded. D. R. GATES,
ul uiwtwli* U.W.UUW, wwowut.