uc‘ior«sttr jfpg
FU ULIS II Ell EVERY MORNINR.
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
t 88 per year, if paid strictly lu advance.
OtberHlie, 75 tents per Month.
Oe ^flassathusdts spv,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IB PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At per Annum.
J D. RAT.DWIV A CO., Proprietors.
NO. 414 MAIN STREET.
Worcester gnilp Spp.
CITY NEWS.
Once more the city is covered with the tilery
element, and sleigh bells jingle.
Superintendent Marble has a notice on the
second page in regard to the drawing school.
The old schoolhouse on the common was sold
by auction, yesterday, for $675. The purchaser
was Mr. Joseph Lovell.
The horse cars drawn by four-in-hand teams,
energetically plowed through the snow on their
regular trips last evening.
The second assembly ol the Worcester Light
Infantry will be at Armory hall, Taylor’s build
ing, next Tuesday evening.
The regular weekly entertainment will be
given at the People’s club rooms, this evening,
consisting of readings and music. Free to all.
The men who composed the Fifty-first regi
ment, in the war, are to have their fourth annu
al meeting and supper at the Bay Slate bouse
to-night.
Ten prisoners were yesterdav transferred from
the jail and house of correction in this city to
Fitchburg, making the number now in the jail
in the latter place 96. Mr. Carter’s quarters
are filled to overflowing.
The A. M. E. Sunday school gave an exhibi
tion last evening in Washburn hall. The at
tendance was good, and the performances by
the colored drum corps greatly entertained the
audience.
One week from to-night Music hall will be oc
cupied by a company under the management of
Morris Simmonds. The play will be ‘The
Streets of New York,” with Frank Mayo in the
character of Tom Badger and James H. Bml
worth as Bolt the Bootblack.
lu the superior court, yesterday, no cases be
ing ready for trial, no business was done. The
following are in order for to-day: No. 285,
Plummer granite company vs. D. C. I*.
Stevens; 677, Connovy vs. Stover; 680, 775, 779,
827, 840, 856, 862, 918, 919, 921, 931. 939.
The concert announced for the 20th inst. will
introduce to us Charles Sant ley, the greatest
baritone singer in the world, ami Madame
Patey, one of the first contraltos of the day.
The entertainment will consist of English bal
lads and part songs, and will be popular as well
as good.
The Trinity church festival offered too many
attractions for last evening to admit of post
ponement on account of the snow. The vestry
looked cheerful and was cheerful; and will be
again this evening. The fair will open earlier—
at three o’clock in the afternoon—and thus am
ple opportunity will be given for those who
were kept away by the storm last evening to
come and look over the stock of Christmas
goods at'the regular admission fee The for
tune telling and Madame Fuzzlebank’s autom
aton are wonderful institutions, and the singing
which will be introduced during the evening
will be a special feature.
Mrs. Mary A. Livermore lectures to-niglit
al Mechanics hall, in the Mechanics course.
Mrs. Livermore has so many friends and ad
mirers in Worcester that there need be no fears
of a small or unappreciative audience. It
would be noted also that this will probably be
the only opportunity’ afforded this winter to
hear this eloquent champion of the cause of
equal rights. Her subject will be: “What shall
we do with our daughters?”
Horticultural.—At the last meeting there
were the following entries: J.H. Moore, Charl
ton: Pears—B. d’Anjou,and a variety for name
that was not identified. Edward W. Lincoln:
Pears—Winter Nelis. Janies F. Allen: Apples
(Western) Spitzenberg Belleflower; Pears
—Giout Morceau, Vicar, Winter Nelis, Law
rence. J. K. L. Pickford: Grapes—lsabella.
The library will be open this p. m., Thurs
day, December 14lh, at the usual hour.
Municipal Court.—The following cases re
ceived the attention of Judge Williams yester
day: Schuyler Green, for keeping liquor, titled
•Sit) and costs; Ellen Leary, larceny in building,
three months in house of correction, appealed;
William Barkey, Pierce Whalen, Edward
Hawke and David F. Welch were each lined $3
and costs for drunkenness. William and Pierce
paid; Edward and David were committed on
their failure to do so.
Plymouth Church.—A legal parish meeting
of the Plymouth Congregational society was
held at the rooms of the young men’s Christian
association, last evening, to act upon the matter
of the purchase of a parsonage for the pastor
elect. Mr. Wm. B. Mclver was chosen moder
ator. It was voted to purchase a house and lot
of Alfred Wyman on William street, for the
sum of $9500, the deed for the same to be taken
by Messrs. Merriam, Goodnow, Daniels, and
Metcalf, as trustees for the society. The estate
is deemed to be a very eligible and suitable one.
The Vote for Mayor.—The following will
show the vote of Worcester for mayor for the
past sixteen years:
185.5 Isaac Davis 971 1865 James B. Bl ike J 971
I’. E Aldrich 7s* D W u.lo Lincoln. 14 0
1856 G. W. RicharJson 1334 18t>6 James B. Blake. ...lilt
Dwight Foster....l?«S Scattering 11
1857 ka^c Davis 1418 W James B 81ake....2813
P. W. l ate 1331 Jsa .c Davi* 1373
185 ft A. H. Bullock Ks'> 1868 James B. Blake. ..2653
W. W. Rice 1598 Scattering 14
1859 IV W. Rice 1679 1869 James I'.. Blake ...1800
1). Waldo Lincoln. .855 J. Henry Hill 519
iB6O Isaac Davis 1645 1870 James B. Blake. ..216.*
G<<>. M I2i J. Henry Hill 651
1861 I’. Emory Aldrich.l7ll Jen.
Isaac Davis 16<IO 1871 Edward Fa.le “078
1862 D Waldo Lincoln. 1247 I F. 11. Kelkn li4l
D. 8. Messinger 91s Det-
1863 D. Waldo Lincoln..BS2 11871 Geo. F. Verry 3539
Scattering 7 Geo. Crompton. ...1423
1864 Phinehas Bali 1664
D. Waldo Lincoln. 159 ft
Danger of a Landed Aristocracy.—One
of the provoking causes of the present agitation
in England is the fact that the lauds of that
country are held by a comparatively small
number, who are thus created into a close aris
tocracy, possessing peculiar and extensive privi
leges. It is estimated, says the Washington
Star, that out of her immense population less
than 39,001) persons are owners of real estate, in
even the smallest quantity, while 160 prisons
only are the possessors of one-half of ail the
land in England ami three-fourths of Scotland.
For instance, the earl of Breadaibanc can ride
on his own property one hundred miles from
his own house in a single direction. The duke
of Sutherland owns the county of the same
name, reaching from sea to sea^ The duke of
Richmond holds possession of 840,000 acres at
Gordon Castle and Good wood; and the duke of
Devonshire 96,000 acres in the county of Dei by
alone.
Of course, the natural tendency under such a
state of things is a still further gravitation of
real estate into few hands. This is shown by
the fact that within the last two hundred years
more than seven million acres of land have been
absorbed by or added to estates already estab
lished, and the absorption is understood to be
going on now at a more rapid rate than ever
before.
Tnese are significant facts, ami should not be
overlooked by those controlling the future desti
nies of this country. At the rate at whi h the
public lands of the United States arc being
voted away, together with the progress being
made in the concent ation of the railroads of the
country into lew hands, it will not be long until
we have a ruling class here more grasping and
oppressive than the aristocracy from which the
people of England are now striving to free
themselves.
The New York Mail i responsible lor this:
“In Boston society everybody snubs everybody
else, in New York society everybody gossips
about everybody else, in* Philadelphia society
every body attends to the morals ol everybody
else, in Baltimore society everybody fraternizes
with everybody else, and in Chicago society just
at present everybody is borrowing from every
body else. Boston, therefore, is aristocratic;
New York and Philadelphia, democratic; Balti
more, patriarchal; ami Chicago, communistic.”
Beecher, in his Thanksgiving sermon, said:
“It is true the New Englander docs calculate;
halt of the settlers ol this country would not
have lived six months to, calculate if they had
not had anything better to cat than the Yankee
had in his earlier days. They would have died
of starvation. It was his habit of pounding
rocks which brought out silver.”
lion. Gincry Twichell has borrowed from
President Grant, for exhibition, a complete ku
klux suit furnished him by the congressional
kuklux committee, which will be forwarded to
Frank B Fay, secretary of the Massachusetts
society for the prevention of cruelty to animals,
for exhibition at the fair now being held at
Horticultural hall, Boston, for the benefit of
dumb animals.
t
©lorccstcr Ihibi ^pn.
VOL. 26, NO. 295.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEURAPH
TO THE WORCESTER DAII.Y BEY
From Washington.
|SPECIAL DISPATCH TO THE WORCESTER SPY.|
Washington, D. C., Dec. 13.
FINANCIAL.
Several members of the banking and currency
committee have announced themselves in favor
of Mr. Lynch's specie payment bill.
MR. LYNCH’S NAVIGATION PLAN.
The (committee of ways and means will to
morrow report back Mr. Lynch's bill to remit
the (taxes levied on the sales of vessels, and
recommend its passage by the house.
STILL HARPING ON THAT POST OFFICE.
Ex-Senator Ladd has telegraphed here his re
fusal of the Springfield post office, and does not
wish his, mine used in connection therewith.
Judge Morton is here pushing the claims of 11.
S. Lee’for this position.
MR. SCHENCK.
It is denied at the White house that any word
hasjyet been received from Gen. Schenck, our
minister to England, which would indicate that
he desires to come home. There are late ad
viccsj'from Jmn at. the state department, but
nothing'of a personal character.
CAPE COD.
Capt. John France, who has had charge of the
life-saving stations on the New Jersey coast,
will be ordered to Cape Cod to investigate the
cost and necessity of life-saving stations on that
coast, as recommended in Mr. Buffinton’s bill,
which was introduced in the house a lew days
since, and is now under consideration by the
committee on appropriations.
mr. akerman’s days numbered.
It was authoritatively announced at the
White house, to-day, that Attorney General
Akerman would be assigned to the United
States district court in Florida, recently made
vacant by the death of Judge Kinney. It is
not so officially staled as to who will be Mr.
Akerman's successor, but opinion here has
generally settled upon ex-Senator Williams, of
Oregon; southern republicans are still earnest
ly working to have this appointment kept with
in their section, but with small chance of suc
cess.
RELATIONS WITH SPAIN.
There is a growing speculation in political
circles as to posible future complications with
.Spain, growing out of the Cuban question. At
the state department, there are no fears on this
score, but in other departments of the govern
ment this sanguine view’of things is not enter
tained. There has always been a powerful lob
by in existence here, who have never been satis
fied with Secretary Fish’s policy in Cuban mat
ters, and this lobby is at present actively
intriguing to bring about the secretary’s re
moval, or to have our government adopt a more
positive policy in this respect.
Worcester’s honored representative.
When Mr. Hoai’s labor bill, providing for the
appointment of a commissioner to inquire into
the whole labor subject, such as hours of work,
rates of pay and the general condition of the
working classes throughout the country, was
first introduced in the house, the democrats were
inclined to make some show of opposition there
to. The bill was refened to the committee on
education and labor, the democratic members of
which have suddenly become warm friends of
the proposed measure. It is now probable that
the bill will be reported back favorably before
the holiday adjournment, and, as everybody dis
claims any partizan purpose, it will be supported
on both sides of the house.
CIVIL SERVICE.
The special civil service committee held a
meeting this morning, and made provisions lor
dividing the work assigned them to various
sub committees. The committee have recently
interchanged views with members of the com
mission, and have agreed generally upon a poli
cy which is necessary to be pursued in connec
tion with this subject.
The commissioners are now engaged in pre
paring 1 heir report, but do not think it will be
ready until after the holidays. The adminis
tration organ here has an editorial today, stat
ing that the civil service commission, of which
Geo. William Curtis is the bead, is a downright
failure so far as practicable and substantial re
sults are concerned, in remarking upon this
editorial, the commissioners say that they de
pend more upon what the president says in his
message than what his organ may state.
THAT MISERABLE VANCE.
A few days since, the democratic senators
signed a letter requesting ex Gov. Vance to re
sign the United States senatowhip, to which he
was elected last winter, on the ground that there
was not the least probability that he would be
admitted, and also that his further persistency
in this direction only tended to confirm the
prejudices which existed in the north as to the
present temper of the. southern people.
The letter was intended to be shown to the
democratic members of the North Carolina
legislature, in order that they might understand
the situation of affairs here, and piocced at
once to elect a successor to Vance against
whose admission no question would be
raised. This legislature had been given to un
derstand by Vance that his prospects of ad
mission were good, and it was considered advis
able to remedy these errors of opinion. The let
ter was forwarded to North Carolina, but failed
of its purpose. It is now asserted that Vance
came into possession of the same and destroyed
it to prevent the knowledge ol its contents com
ing to the members of the legislature, and also
to defeat the prospects of a successor to himself
being chosen.
THE EXCITEMENT IN THE SENATE.
The senate continued the. war to-day which
was inaugurated when Mr. Trumbull offered his
resolution calling for the appointment ol a joint
select committee on retrenchment and reform.
Another caucus ol republican senators was held
this morning, which resulted in a resolution
being adopted as a compromise for Mr. Trum
bull’s measure, providing for the appointment
of a standing committee, to consist of seven
members on the part of the senate, to which
should be referred all matters relating to abuses
in the civil service, and corruption and extrava
gance in any branch of the govern men r; this
compromise, resolution, diawn up by Mr. Mor
ton, was agreed upon in the caucus only after a
long and bitter debate, full of those personalities
which have often disgraced the republican coun
cils in the past few years.
Afterwards, in open session, Mr. Anthony in
troduced this resolution, and the confusion of
the caucus room was transferred to the senate
chamber. Mr. Trumbull at once offered, ns an
amendment to the caucus resolution, one which
confers upon the proposed committee p nvers to
make investigations on its own motion, and to
send for persons and papers.
On these radically different propositions, sen
ators at once look issue under the lead of Messrs.
Conkling, Edmunds and Morton,administration
senators, who insisted upon adhering to the
caucus resolution, while Messrs. Trumbull,
Schurz, Wilson and the democrats insisted that
the amendment should be adopted, or else the
appointment of a committee would be popular
ly regarded as a lailure and a compromise with
corruption.
Mr. Schurz took occasion to firo a few shots
at the administration of the affairs of the New
York custom house during his speech, which
was mainly confined to comments on the reports
made by the retrenchment committee last
spring. It leaked out that Secretary Boutwell
wrote a letter to the chairman of this com*
initteo strongly condemning the general
order system, which letter was sent
to the government printing office, along
with other papers, but which, being lost or mis
laid, was not printed in the report. He also in
timated that it was through some mysterious
influence at the White house that this general
j order system was not abolished long ago, in ac
cordance with the wishes of New York mer-
chants and Secretary Boutwell. This brought
Mr. Conkling to bis feet, and this senator, also
taking the same report for his text, replied to
Mr. Schurz in a forcible and eloquent manner.
Mr. Morton followed Mr. Conkling, protesting
against the appointment of the committee with
power to go into people’s private houses, and
wherever else their whims might lead them.
Although several members desired to sit this de
bate out, a motion to adjourn was adopted, with
the understanding that a vote should be reached
to-morrow, when Mr. Wilson will have the floor.
The republican senators regard Mr. Trumbull’s
resolution us an attack on the administration,
and it will probably be voted down by about ten
majority. Kelon.
(To the Associated Press.)
NOMINATIONS.
Washington, Dec. 18.—The president has
nominated.* Arthur Morrill, Vermont, consul at
San Jose, Costa Rica; Slewart Barnes, Con
necticut, consul at Rio Negro; John Wilson,
Pennsylvania,consul at Brussels; W. G. Wood
ward. W. K. Orcutt and John Morrissey, Jr.,
Massachusetts, J. E. N. Graham, Maine, and
W. 11. Hawes, Rhode Island, third lieutenants
in the revenue service; A. Weston ami A. D.
Littlefield, Massachusetts, W. D. Roath, Con
necticut, and J. Denner, Maine, second lieu
tenants in the same.
MINOR MATTERS.
All the members of the cabinet were present
at a meeting held yesterday.
Gen. Pleasonton’- case was not mentioned in
the senate yesterday, and Mr. Douglas was con
firmed without opposition.
The house committee on anprepriations will
report a bill appropriating $23,900 to cover the
deficiency of F. A. McCarthy, disbursing clerk
of the post office department.
The United States and British commission re
sumed their sessions to day. The commissioners
decide that the United States cannot be held
liable for injuries caused by acts of rebels.
Mr. Shellabarger’s amendment to the appor
tionment bill, if carried, will reduce the con
gressional representation of several states that
require certain qualifications for voters, especial
ly Rhode Island, Massachusetts anil Georgia.
A representative from Gov. Palmer of Illinois
is endeavoring to secure the removal of govern
ment troops from Chicago. He says the gov
ernor is anxious for this; and if it is not done
be will fulminate another proclamation.
It is stated that various consultations have
been held by leading democrats. It has been
det ided to do nothing in the way of promulgat
ing any line of policy until after they have had
opportunities of consulting with their followers
during the holidays.
A prominent republican senator asked, to-day,
what the morning newspapers represented him
as having said. So numerous and conflicting
have been the unwarranted declarations of his
views, that he found it difficult to keep the run
of them.
The republican senators met again in caucus
at half-past ten this morning, and resumed the
consideration of the proposition to reestablish
the retrenchment committee. The friends of
Gen. Grant view this as the inauguration of a
determined opposition to the administration by
the exposure of its weak points.
The house special committee on civil service,
which held its first meeting this morning, is re
garded as an excellent one to start this needed
reform. Messrs. Kelley and Hooper have had
large experience in congressional and political
matters, and they will be well seconded by
Messrs. Lynch, Willard, Perry and tuc other
members of the committee.
The work of reorganizing the internal revenue
bureau will soon be commenced, and a consid
erable reduction will be made, not only in the
force of collectors and assessors, but in the
clerical force of the office, as it is the intention
of the commissioner to make the expense of
collecting the revenue as light as possible.
There are at present 230 collection districts
throughout the country, each one employ
ing a collector, assessor, and numbers of assis
tant assessors. By the contemplated reorganiz
ation this force will be reduced to a number
less than 290, bv which action an annual sav
ing of many thousands of dollars to the gov
ernment will be effected.
Forty-Second Congress—Second Session.
Washington, D. C., Dec. 13,1871.
SENATE.
Mr. Trumbull, not satisfied with the proposi
tion to establish a standing committee on inves
tigation ami retrenchment, whiuh Mr. Anthony
offered in the senate, offered as an amendment
his resolution establishing a special committee.
Mr. Wilson advocated the appointment of a
retrenchment com in it tee which would, not only
now, but iu years to come, keep the hands ol
thieves out of the treasury. It meant no war
on the administration, but was tor the general
good. He regarded the difference between the
two proposed committees as the difference be
tween “iweedle dum ami tweedle dee.”
Mr. Thurman undertook to show that the res
oluiion of Mr. Trumbull was preferable to that
of Mr. Anthony, which is understood to have
been presented to the caucus by Mr. Morton.
At the expiration of the m lining hour the
question had not been decided, and the senate
decided to postpone all other business that the
discussion might be continued.
Mr. Casserly contended that the committee
proposed by Mr. Anthony would be a mere nul
lity, having no power to originate investiga
tions.
Mr. Schurz supported Mr. Trumbull’s proposi
tion. After allusion to the exposures in the
New York custom house, Mr. Schurz said:
“Gentlemen, I tell you, whatever may be said of
the improvements that have taken place, the
people of the U nited States are startled at the
frequency and enormity of the disclosures made
from day to day. Do not give yourselves up to
any delusions on the subject. The American
people are on the point of demanding an honest
government, and they want to have all the
means used for that object that are compatible
with laws. They demand the exposure and
overthrow of corruption, regardless of the in
terest of any party or any persons. It seems
to mo we are standing on the threshold Gs a
moral revolution that bids fair to go beyond the
overthrow of Tammany hall, and in that revo
lution the science of ‘how not to do it’ will be
of very little avail. Neither will cheap declama
tion against corruption in the abstract, or
against the sinfulness of sin in general, and the
beauty of virtue, avail much. We, have had
enough of all that. The people will not much
longer take that worthless currency as legal
tender. If we wish to serve the country, and
command its confidence, we shall have to make
clear lo the country that we hate no party more
than we hate corruption, and that we love no
party more than we love good government.”
Mr. Conkling replied, in defense of the purity
of the republican party.
Mr. Morton followed on the same side.
At four, without reaching a vote, the senate
adjourned.
HOUSE.
Mr. Hoar, from the committe on education
and labor, reported a bill to provide for a com
mission to examine the subject of the hours of
labor and the division of the profits and labor
in the United States. He desired first to have a
day fixed for the consideration of the bill after
the recess, but, as objection was made, he pro
ceeded at once to address the house upon the bill
for immediate consideration.
Mr. Hoar moved that the bill lie the special
order for the 10th of January. He said he pro
posed to give an opportunity for amendments to
be mesented.
The speaker stated that the proposition was
that the bill be the special order for January
10th, to the exclusion of all other orders on that
day.
Mr. Wood and Mr. Kerr objected.
Mr. Hoar then moved to put the bill on its
passage now.
Mr. Kerr moved lo lay it on the table.
The speaker said Mr. Hoar had the fluor.
Mr. Hoar proceeded to explain and advocate
the bill. Ik* was sure the bill, when understood,
would receive almost unanimous approbation.
There was a cry of discontent from all parts of
the country, and the civilized world, by the la
boring classes. In this country, the laboring
classes were the state itself, others being com
paratively so few that they might be left out in
considering the question who are the persons
whose will should determine the policy of the
country, and for whose benefit that policy
should be directed. It was being urged, not only
bv agitators and malcontents, but by a large anil
increasing number of the laboring classes, that
the existing institutions and laws of this coun
try on the subject of tariff, finance, currency
and taxation, tend more ami more to give capi
talists an undue share of the joint profits of the
results of labor and capital, and to deprive labor
of its due and proper share. The first duty of
legislators,in regard to such complaint, was to
provide for a thorough, exact and regular as
certainment of the fact.
Congress ought not to be afraid of light, for
no abuse was so great, no darkness so profound,
no prejudice so int use, as to require congress
to cover it with a veil, or to fear to let light in
on it. He did not place the bill on the judg
ment or recommendation of the committee
alone. The slight expenditure proposed was title
to the judgment of the laboring men them
selves. The labor party of his own state last
summer recommended the uassage of this very
bill, and had, although politically opposed to
the republican party, expressed gratification and
respect for that party in consequence of its giv
ing attention to this matter. The grand inter
national association of working men, an organi
zation which pervades Europe, and which is
making its voice heard and its power felt every
where. has also asked of congress this special
measure.
He was not competent to express anopinion
on the interesting historical question of the
commune, or of events which took place in
Paris last summer. The other side of the story
had not been heard, but one thing is known.
WORCESTER: THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 11, 1871.
that there was a cause in existence, and an ob
ject in view, which led those working people in
Paris, young men and young women in the
morning of life, not merely from the ignorant
ur oppressed classes, but from classes of cul
ture, of family ties, in some cases of wealth, to
go down to death calmly, heroically, eh er fully
as ever bridegroom went to a marriage feast;
and bo did not believe a cause which had in
spired such heroism was a cause which was
not entitled to the respect of Americans every
where. The international association of Eu
ropean and American workmen had a title to re
sped for having established a relationship an I
recognized a kindred among the men of all na
tions, growing out of the common bond of la
bor, greater, more powerful, more binding than
any mere national attachment, or than any tie
connecting the subject with the sovereign.
America is the last nation that ought to be
ungrateful for that sublime accomplishment.
In the darkest days of the late civil war, when
the governing classes of England would have
been glad to have joined the French emperor in
recognizing the southern confederacy, they
were onlv prevented from doing so by the angry
growl from the workingmen of Lancashire,
saying to the English government: “We love
the workingmen of America a great deal better
—we arc more nearly allied in interest and feel
ing to them than we are to the aristocracy of
England; and although we have borne main
things from you, one thing we will not bear,
that you shall array the power and might of
England against the cause in which tbexr
American workingmen arc engaged. lie held
in his hand the general rules anil administra
tive regulations of the international working
men’s association, adopted in London last Oc
tober by delegates, comprehending leading
minds from all the civilized nations ol the woild.
Among other things they expressed a desire
that inquiry shold be iii'tit tiled in each localitv
where the branches of their association are ex
pected, and that there should be co-operation,
especially in the United States, in ascertaining
the facts which the pending bill required to be
ascertained.
He sent to the clerk’s desk, and had read, the
extracts to which he referred. He desired to
avoid anything that should excite political an
tagonism. He was quite sure that a considera
ble number of influential democratic members
approved of the purpose of the bill, and desired
the investigation which it contemplated. In
Massachusetts, a similar bureau for the investi
gation of the question had been established, and
the result of its examination had been claimed
by the democratic party of that state, to show
the great mistakes and* er rots in the adminis
trations of the affairs of that state by the re
publican party. Whether that claim was right
or wrong, he would not now discuss. All he
desired to say was, that he welcomed the inves
tigation as cheerfully, if its results should be to
show that, in all measures to which he had
given his assent, there had been error, as if it
should be the reverse. This was the ques
tion: Whether the daily liie of millions of
Americans can be made better. It was a ques
tion too high for party, too sacred to be mingled
with petty schemes or the petty ambition of rhe
mere politician.
Mr. Dawes said he did not rise to debate the
merits of the measure, lie. regretted that Mr.
Kerr and Mr. Wood seemed not to complain so
much of the bill not meeting their views as be
inglopposed to its consideration at all. He did not
think they repiesented their party on this sub
ject, but was surprised that gentlemen of such
ability bad not l:ad their attention called to the
fact that no subject was looming up in the near
future that demanded more care from the legis
lator than the question of reconciling labor and
capital. He thought h?s friend from Indiana,
Mr. Kerr, would see, upon due consideration,
that it was better, instead of talking upon poli
tics^ to stop for an hour or two, and consider
some practical question. The great question of
co-operation, which was developing itself so suc
cessfully iu other counties, and was being intro
duced into this country, did not seem to have
attracted the attention of either of his distin
guished friends, who desired to brush the whole
thing away or to put it to sleep. He hoped his
friend from Indiana, Mr. Kerr, would see it to
be within the line of his duty to withdraw the
motion to lay the bill on the table, and either
consent to having a single day set apart for its
consideration, or else permit its passage now.
Mr. Hoar next yelded the floor to Mr. .Shanks,
but Mr. Kerr rose and said:—“The statements
made on the other side have been so extraordi
nary, so unjust and fallacious, in all respects,
that we on this side of the house ought to have
at least an opportunity to answer.”
Mr. Hoar—“No gentleman on that side of the
house expressed a desire to speak on the bill,
pro or con, except one gentleman, a member of
the committee, Mr. McNeely, whose request was
communicated lo me a week ago. lam certain
ly desirous of allowing the fullest debate that
will be agreeable to the house, and giving a full
share of time to the gentlemen on the other
side.”
Mr. Kerr —interrupting—“The gentleman's
sincerity would appear much better if he would
give us a little time, now, just a little.”
Mr. Hoar—“l call the gentleman to order.”
Air. Kerr —“I am in order.’’
Mr. Hoar—“The gentleman from Indiana de
sires to have the hill laid on the table, and thus
disposed of without any debate at all. That
is the only manifestation of the desire that gen
tleman has shown about it, and if the gentle
man will now agree to take the question oil this
hill on any fixed hour to-morrow I will consent
to it, and will consent to divide the time with
the gentlemen on that side of the house.”
Mr. Kerr—“l will agree to nothing. I have
been attacked by the gentleman from Massachu
setts, Mr. Hoar, and his colleague, Air. Dawes.
I want to answer them, and I am entitled to an
swer them.”
Mr. Campbell made a point of order that, the
gentleman horn Massachusetts, Mr. Hoar, hav
ing finished his remarks, had not a right to yield
the floor to any particular member, but should
resume his seat and let the speaker assign the
floor under ordinary parliamentary rules.
The speaker overruled the point of order, on
the ground that both usage and the rules of the
house allowed a member who is entitled to the
floor for one hour to yield a portion of his time
to other members.
Mr. Shanks took the floor, and remarked that
he had, last Monday, introduced a bill to estab
lish a bureau of labor. He believed the time
had come when the relation between labor and
capital should be investigated and regulated.
He favored the pending bill, though lie preferred
his own measure. The edict of the American
people gave forth that the legislative department
should take care ol labor, and see that it should
not be wronged by the capital of the country.
He hoped the bill would pass.
Air. Kelley of Pennsylvania expressed grati
tude to Mr. Hoar for having brought the sub
ject before the house. The failure to adopt such
a measure had deprived England of her national
prestige, and threatened her with revolution. It
was the failure of the French imperial govern
ment to recognize this question that lighted the
tires of the comm line, ft was the failure to
recognize this question that had arrayed the
young men of Germany and of Europe in hos
tility to church and throne. Parliamentary in
quiry in England showed that, among the labor
ing people of that country, a majority was in
want of healthful and sufficient food from year
to year. It was for want of recognizing this
question that England was becoming a land of
drunkenness. He held, therefore, that congress
should authorize the appointment of the pro
posed commission. This government could not
afford to permit the laboring people of any por
tion of the country to fall Into the condition of
the laboring people of England, France, Austria
and Belgium.
Uongress should look to it that they whose
skill and toil open the mines and coal banks,
and convert ores into metals and into all forms
of utility and beauty, those who shear sheep
ami wash wool and spin ami weave it, those who
convert the apparently arid field into cotton and
all its useful ami beautiful fabrics, shall nut live
in ignorance nor die in want. Their toil ami the
resources of capital were quite enough to banish
poverty from the land, except as the result of
intemperance.
Mr. Storm regretted that any opposition had
been made to the bill. He regarded it simply as
providing for an investigation. The laboring
classes were rising up in rebellion against the
system of class legislation. It was the enact
ment of unjust and unequal laws that arrayed
the laboring classes of the country in opposition
to the capital of the country, and he was in fa
vor of an investigation that would go to show
that this government, in the enactments of its
tariff laws, ami the giving away of public lands
and its national banking system, had been legis
lating against the interests of Hie laboring
classes, and in favor of the capitalists. He was
not willing that, on this question, the republican
side of the house should steal all the thunder.
He thought his friends on his own side of the
hpuse, the democrats, should put themselves
square on the record in the matter.
They had always been the consistent friends
of the laboring classes, ami he hoped they would
prove themselves so to day.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. Hoar
remarked that his purpose was that there should
be such debate on the bill as the house desired
lie would not move the previous question lor at
least an hour.
I lie speaker stated that the apportionment bill,
which was now to come up, would be followed
by the two appropriation bills reported from
the committee on foreign atfaiis.
Mr. Banks moved to amend the bill by re
quiring that the three commissioners be ap
pointed from civil life.
Mr. Killenger moved an amendment, requir
ing that at least one commissioner be practi
cally identified with the mining interests ul the
country.
The bill and amendments were ordered to be
printed.
The house then went into committee of the
whole on the apportionment bill.
The committee rose without uction.
Mr. Randall reported a new rule providing for
the appointment of a territorial delegate on the
committee on territories, and the District of
Columbia delegate on the committee on the dis
trict, such delegates, however, not to have the
vote discussed till adjournment.
FROM EUROPE.
threat Britain.
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
London, Dec. 13. At noon to-day, London
time, the prince was still living. There was no
change for the better.
CONDITION’ UNCHANGED.
2 P m.—The hopes raised by the slightly fav
orable advices from Sandringham yesterday are
handy borne out to-day. The official bulletins
given below show nothing encouraging, and
their effect is not favorable in the change. The
prince passed a restless night, and there is no
improvement in his condition.
WHAT IS TO BE DONE WHEN HE DIES.
Iu case of his death a council of regency will
be created, composed of the duke of Cambridge,
the duke of Edinburgh, the princess of Wales,
and perhaps others. This is likely to take place
immediately, and to be followed by a discussion
upon the power of the present parliament to
continue its sessions, or whether it is necessary
to go to the country as an extraordinary occa
sion
CONTEMPTIBLE, IF TRUE.
There is a feeling in some circles that the of
ficial bulletins have represented the case of the
prince of Wales worse than it really is in order
to arouse sympathy for the prince and make
him popular.
CON TR ADI CTOR Y ST AT EM EN TS.
11 p. m.—A bulletin issued from Sandringham,
10 r. u., says the prince passed a less unquiet
evening. Unofficial dispatches from Sandring
ham, however, are unfavorable. The lung
symptoms are reported as most distressing.
LATEST.
Dec. 11, sa. m.—An official dispatch from
Sandringham, dated atjone this morning, says
the prince of Wales is less restless. 'There is no
increase of exhaustion, and he has had some
sleep. The queen and Princess Alexandria con
tinue well. Prince Louis of Hesse has arrived
at Sandiingham. The Turkish embassador
went io Sandringham yesterday, as representa
live of the diplomatic body.
Archbishop Manning has ordered prayers in
the Catholic churches for the recovery of the
prince. The illness of the prim e creates anxiety
throughout Ireland. The republicans and dem
ocrats of London are about to send an address
of condolence to the queen.
what monarchs fear.
The foreign office has sent instructions to all
agents abroad to investigate the organization
of the various branches of the international so
city and report to government.
END OV A STRIKE.
flic telegraph employes are returning to their
work in all the principal cities, without accom
plishing their object. The movement is a
failure.
I l 'rance.
ACCIDENT.
Paris, Dec. 18. —By an accident from a col
lision u>da.v to the Boulougne train on^the
northern railway, near Survilliers, seven persons
were injured, and the locomotive destroyed.
Miiniu.
CRISIS Al* 1* R EIIE N I»E D.
Madrid, Dec. 13.—There is a rumor that a
ministerial crisis is approaching, and that the
dissolution of the cortes is imminent.
K iiMwia.
PERSONAL ENCOUNTER BETWEEN HIGH DIG
NITARIES.
St. Petersburg, Dec. 13.—Yesterday the
Czarowitch Alexander became involved in a pri
vate dispute with Prince De Reuss, minister of
the German empire to Russia. The passions of
both were aroused, and the czarowitch so far
forgot himself as to make a personal assault on
the ambassador. Friends interfered, and the
parties were separated. There is much excite
ment caused by the incident, and it is feared
that the consequences will be grave, although
there is no reason to apprehend anv interrup
tion ol the good relations between Russia and
Germany, as the quarrel is believed to be wholly
of a private character.
Onr New York Dispatches.
i'oitceruiiig the Ntory about Connolly
Other C'riauinnl ill at tern—The English
Mtoekholdei'N, etc.
New York, Dec. 13. —The Times believes
that August Belmont and some other demo
cratic leaders have been endeavoring to screen
Mayor Hall, and adds: “Whatever Hall may
lack iu honesty he makes up in cunning, and he
seems to have gone the right way to work to
lake the sting out of some leading reformers.
Ue lias simply said to them, ‘1 will give you
all the offices you like if you will only allow me
to remain mayor of the city.’ The bargain was
satisfactory to both sides,'and Hall is like!v to
remain mayor until the legislature meets.”
The story having been denied, the Tribune re
peats the fact of Connolly’s offering to pay back
SI,(»00,000 to escape, and adds: “The facts re
garding Commodore Ganison’s action in the
matter were obtained directly from that gentle
man himself, and appeared practically in his
own languge. In order that all doubts may he
set at rest on this matter, we will add that the
following facts are undeniable: Connolly’s
friends were prepared to pa.v SI ,000,000; he was
to give information which would complete the
chain of evidence against, the rest of the ring,
and escape to Havana, and he would unquestion
ably have slipped away had not (.'has. O’Conor
demanded that all the property which once was
Connolly’s, but which had been illegally trans
ferred to others, be deeded in trust to him
pending the action in the matter. Commodore
Garrison believed, and we can imagine believed
conscientiously, that one million of stolen
funds might be saved to the tax payers bv the
compromise; while Mr. O’Conor thinks the
whole $6,812,000 can be recovered by the prose
cution of Connolly and the rest.”
It is stated that, on investigating the aflairs
of the Ocean national bank, the onlv assets iu
the bank were $90,000, of which $75,000 were
checks of the United States Bank Examiner
Callender, covered by notesol the mining, canal
and other miscellaneous stocks at the west en
tirely unknown in this market, and compara
tively worthless. The $75,000 advanced to Cal
lender were used to build a canal lu Michigan.
The receiver promises a statement to-day.
A number of unpaid hdjorers yesterdav made
threats against Coin toller Green and Paymaster
Civly on account of non-payment of wages. The
laborers allege that their families are suffering
for fuel and food. The cause of the trouble is
that the pay rolls are withheld at Tweed’s de
partment.
Benjamin price of Gloucester died from in
juries received on the bark James, and Richard,
on the voyage from Turks island.
The brig Scotland of Boston, from Jamaica,
lost and spilt her sales in the late gales.
The*e wen* six offers of bonds to-dav, amount
ing to $823,700, from 109 22-100 to i 9 62-100.
The amount advertised lor purchase was one
million.
Judge Lynch, who was charged, iu collusion
with others, with abducting a man from a sick
bed, iu order to obtain his property, was dis
charged yesterday, in Brooklyn, but Policeman
Lvons, the principal in the case, was held for
perjury.
Eugene Daley says the communist Cluscrct
has been here since the 17th of November, hav
ing arrived via Halifax, and left Sunday night
for Mexico.
I{. B. Phillips of Princeton had his pocket
picked of S6OOO in a Broadway stagc^vesterday
afternoon.
The body found in the East river Monday
Droves to be that of J. B. Tarkington, formerly
a merchant, and once a candidate for the mayor
alty of San Francisco.
At two c. m. to-day the Erie railway restored
the fifty thousand shares of Eric stock claimed
by the English bondholders. The certificates
were handed to Commissioner White, who trans
ferred them to the counsel for the claimants.
The remaining 10,650 shares, claimed by Gou hl
and Fisk as their personal property, are still
held, subject to a reference to decide the owner
shit).
The joint committee of the ship owners’as
MTitioii on the subject ol harbor abuses, report
that the amount of black mail levied upon ship
ping is not less that $200,000 annually by a sin
gle harbor master. The total tax upon the com
merce of the port for the mere berthing and
mooring of vessels, by the aid of harbor mas
ters, is moderately estimatedaia million a year.
Not one-tenth of this amount is legal.
It is reported that Gen. Butler is to defend
Jim Irving on his next trial.
It is reported that the police commissioners
will revoke the order forbidding the internation
al parade.
At a meciingof the internationals, to-night,
it was voted that the trades unions be invited
to form in line next Sunday, at one o’clock, at
Cooper Institute. A line of march was adopu*d.
The Weather.
Washington, Dec. 13. —The cloudy weather
will prevail fi-uni Kentucky north and eastward,
with snow to-night very generally from Mary
land to Maine. The lowest barometer will ad
vance northeastward over New Euglaml, pre
ceded by increasing easterly winds, and lol
lowed, I hursday, by fresh northwest winds and
cloudy weather in the middle ami eastern
states.
A document is issued by prominent. Cuban in
surgents who have lately surrendered, and is
signed by over 8200 persons, it says: “iu fu
-1 ture we will adhere to the throne of Spain.”
New England Dispatches.
AD*xi« hocn to Market Nmall |l*ok front
1.1 ver pool Yew Blumpaltire Dnuot'rah
preparing for«Defeat,etc.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Dec. 13.--To-day Alexis visited
Quincy market and other places in a quiet way.
He leaves to-morrow at 9 v. m. for Montreal.
It is snowing this evening, with indications
of rain.
Steamship Siberia, arrived from Liverpool to
day, had two cases of small pox on board.
They were removed to the hospital on Gallop
Island.
Springfield, Dec. 18.—Patrick Curly was
convicted of manslaughter in the superior court,
to-day, in killing Patrick Clary, and James Dun
leany was convicted as accessory. Ail the par
ties are Irish boys.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Concord, Dec. 18.—The democratic state con
vention was called to order at eleven o’clock, in
Eagle hall, by Lewis W. Clarke, chairman of
the state committee, who read the call and an
nounced Hon. G. W. M. Pitman of Bartlett, tem
porary chairman, and C. W. Pickering of Green
land, and Geo. E. Dame of Newport, temporary
secretaries.
The convention then resolved itself into coun
ty conventions to nominate all the committees
for the convention, and also the state committee.
The convention reported the committees on per
manent organizations, credentials, resolutions
and state committee, consisting of five (from
each county.
Adjourned till one o’clock.
On reassembling, the convention organize.! by
electing E. D. Raml, of Lisbon, president, with
one vice president from each county.
President Rand made an extended speech, re
viewing the present administration, attacking it
severely and contrasting the records of the re
publican and de uorratic panics. Among other
things, he manifested a willingness to join with
the moderate republicans, Messrs. Schurz and
Trumbull, or even Horace Greeley, in order to
defeat kukhix legislation.
Gov. Weston was nominated by acclamation,
and accepted in a short speech.
Henry Colony of Keene was nominated for
ra ilroai 1 com missioncr.
I'he following resolutions were unanimously
agreed upon:
Resolved, that the democracy of New HaniDshire
firmly adhere to the principles hereby enunciated:
First, the perpetuity of the Union, a strict obedi
ence to the constitution, and an honest enforcement
of the laws. Second, the protection of the rights of
every citizen in accordance with the fundamental
law. Third, opposition to every species of corrup
tion in all the departments of municipal, state and
national governments. Fourth, no privileged
classes ami no privileged capital. Fifth, a tariff
that raises money for the necessary expenses of the
federal government, and not for the benefit of mon
opolists.
Resolved, that the recent declaration of martial
law over a portion of the republic is an atrocious
use of an unconstitutional enactment, and that en
actment as subversive of every principle of civil
liberty, false iu Its pretexts and in its enforcement
an outrage demanding earnest remonstrance and
rebuke, and we invite all patriotic citizens of New
Hampshire who an* opposed to the present national
administration to join with us in efforts to stay
the tide of corruption and centralization, whicn
threatens to destroy the civil liberties of the
people.
Resolved, that we pledge ourselves to a reform in
the civil service of the general government, to the
vigorous prosecutions of reforms in our own state,
the reduction of its expenditures to the lowest
practicable limit, the elevation of the courts of jus
tice above the influence of any personal or partisan
considerations, and tiie enactment of all necessary
laws which public sentiment will sustain and pub
lic oflicers be required to enforce.
Resolved, that we reaffirm our confidence in Gov.
Janies A. Weston as personally and officially above
reproach, and we pledge our united efforts to secure
his re-election.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Dec. 13.—Edwin Foster, an in
mate of the insane retreat of this city, escaped
from one of his attendants last evening, wan
dered to the railroad track, and ns the owl ttuiu
going south was passing out of the depot, at
tempted to get on the cars and fell under the
wheels ami was instantly killed, his body being
horribly mangled. The deceased was twenty
seven years of age ami belonged in Grand
Rapids, Mich.
Hartford, Dec. 13. A passenger train to
day, bearing the railroad commissioners, officers
of the road ami a few invited guests, passed
over the mw Connecticut Western railroad
iioin this city toMillcrton ami the Harlem road,
sixty-eight miles, ami back.
Criminal Kecori!.
EIGHTH DAY OF THE WHARTON TRIAL.
Annapolis, Md., Dee. 13.—1 n the Wharton
trial, Deputy Marshal Fry testified that the pris
oner told him, .Inly 7th, of the circumstances
of Ketchum’s illness; that she purchased tartar
emetic during that time; that she intended to
go to Europe, but not till the matter wascleared
up. She ottered him a roll of money as a pres
ent, which he declined.
CONFESSION.
Albany, N. Y., Dec. 13.—Francis LeClair, let
ter carrier, arrested for purloining letters, has
confessed.
TAMMANY PERFORMANCE IN CHICAGO.
Chicago, Dec. 13.—1 tis asserted bv several
city journals that several, if not all, of the per
sons appointed to office by the common coun
cil, Monday night, were approached by certain
aldermen, ami required to give money in consid
eration for success. Several unsuccessful can
didates make a public statement, declaring
their willingness to make affidavits of the fact
that money was demanded of them by the ai
dermen, ami, on declining, they were emphati
cally told that they could not have the places.
The papers demand an investigation.
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Salt Lake City, Dee. 13.—Alexander Burt,
a policeman, James Toms, gunsmith, ami John
L. Blythe, have been arrested by a United States
marshal, on a warrant charging them with the
murder of Johnson in October. 1866. Johnson
was assassinated at midnight, in a public street.
THE SOUTHERN DISTURBERS.
Columbia, S. C., Dec. 13.—1 n the kuklux
court, to-day, a witness confessed that he was a
member of a klan, which was formed in 1868
for self-defence and co prevent incendiarism.
Fire Record.
(Special Dispatch to the Spy.
AT EAST KILLINGLY, CONN.,— LOSS SISOO.
Danielsonville, Dec. 13.—A fire broke out
in the picker room of E. S. Young’s cotton mill,
at East Killingly, about six o'clock last even-
Ring. Loss, about SISOO.
AT PATERSON —LOSS $15,000.
New York, Dec. 13 I ne buildings of the
Franklin manufacturing company, on Mill
street, Paterson, N. J., were burned this morn
ing. Loss, $15,000; largely insured in New York
city and Hartford companies.
AT JEFFERSONVILLE—LOSS SIOO,OOO.
Jeffersonville, Texas, Dee. 13.—Murphy
Lockhart’s buildings were burned this morn
ing. Loss $100,000; insurance $56,000.
AT BELMONT, N. Y.—LOSS $40,000.
Belmont, Dec. 13—The oak rail company’s
factory was burned to-day. Loss $40,000; in
sured in the Occidental office.
AT NASHUA—LOSS UNKNOWN.
Nashua, Dee. 13 —A fire, to-night, destroyed
the large wooden building owned by Charles H.
McKean. Insurance S7OOO.
I*<*r*oniil TclcgramM.
Gen. Sickles, it is rumored, will not return to
Madrid as American ambassador.
Wm. L. Proctor, republican, is re-elected
mayor of Ogdensburg.
J. W. Garrett was yesterday elected to his
fourteenth year of service as president of the
Baltimore and Ohio road.
Alexis is said to draw, well, paint tolerably,
and to be a clever musician, a good shot, ami a
capital swordsman.
The New York Times Washington special says
the rumor that Mr. Akerman’s resignation had
been presented to the president is untrue.
A Washington dispatch announces that Min
ister Schenck wishes to return home num En
gland.
Hon. Wm. Cox Ellis, ex-congressman, and a
prominent Mason, died al Muncy, Pa., vester
day.
I lie California republican legislative caucus
Dominated A. A. Sargent fur the senate, by
fifty-tour votes to thirteen for Mr. Cole and five
for all others.
It is bclievcd-tlmt Benj. J. Sweet of Illinois,
now supervisor of internal revenue in that slate,
will be appointed first deputy commissioner of
the bureau.
A special states that Colfax has informed
prominent republicans that lie cannot withdraw
bis refusal to be considered a candidate tor re
nominatioa.
Hon. Eugene Hale, the youthful member of
congress from Maine, it is announced, will
marry the daughter of Senator Chandler on the
20ih Instant.
Gov. Geary, of Pennsylvania, yesterday de
livered an eloquent address to the executive
committee of the national Union league, at
Philadelphia, warning the organization to be
ware ol the “passive policy” of the democrats.
The famous brothers Ravel arc now living
quietly near Paris. They are said to have km a
good deal of their property during the Franco-
Gel man war; but they still have abundance to
live on, and io insure to their heirs a comforta
ble independence.
Commander Thomas O. Selfridge of Massa
chusetts has been detached hum special duty
connected with the Darien expedition, and or
dered to duty as light house inspector in the
New England >tates, in place of Commander A.
E. K. Benham, detached and ordered to hold
himself in readiness fur service.
Thutlow Weed publishes a Cardiff a column
and a half denying the charge of Tilden that he
and Seward corrupted the polities of this state.
Mr. \Veed is in better health, and walks several
miles daily, though he is somewhat troubled in
the head.
Frederick Douglass recency (qoK very strong
PR l< E 1 ENTS.
ground for the annexation of Cuba in his lee
ture, and closed by saying: “if England can de
fend Jamaica, four thousand miles away, the
United States ought to be able to defend Sau
Domingo, only three days »n\av. I’kmt there
the star spangled banner and it will need no
other defence. Santa Domingo is not Lum;
enough to be a union; she might do well
enough for a state. But it is said what do we
want with San Domingo? Well, what du we
want with coffee, sugar, cocoa, or with any
thing else. 1 think we want that island quite a
much as we wanted Alaska. We paid for that,
but this we can get for nothing.”
Abbreviated Diapatehe*.
The New York Internationals have determined
to parade on Sunday next.
The Cuban insurgents now iu the field are
mostly negroes.
Surrendered Cuban insurgents protest against
the prolongation of the fight.
A leading Fenian states that there is no truth
in the reported movement of Fenians in Eng
land in case of the prince of Wales' death.
Mr. Brougham’s new play, entitled “John
Garth,” was brought out Tuesday evening at
Wallack’s, before a large audience.
At Toronto, it is believed that the government
will be defeated on the address in reply to the
lieutenant governor’s speech.
The Parsecs of Bombay have ottered pravers
for the restoration of the health of the prim e
of Wales.
Not a house is left standing between Los Tu
nas and Moron, Cuba, and the desolation is ter
rible. All hopes of the insurgents of succeed
ing politically, are said to be given up.
A Columbia, S dispatch states that the
government witnesses against Logan, Foster and
Mitchell, charged with conspiracy against the
government, detailed the full secrets of the ku
klux ot South Carolina, and gave accounts of
seven different raids with their concomitants of
rapine, negro whipping and disgusting bru
tality.
Another “ring” was formed in Wall street
about ten days ago to lock up currency Eight
or ten million dollars have been withdrawn from
circulation, and the operation iias been attended
with some success. The “ring,” it is alleged,
includes many conspicuous capitalists, bankers
and stock operators.
Arrivals from the West Indies state that ves
sels passing Turks Island have been boarded
from there with a request to bring cargoes in
free of duty, as the inhabitants were starving.
A special Washington dispatch savs it is ru
mored that the secretary of the treasury con
templates the reorganization ot his department,
by the removal of the assistant treasurer and
other officials, and appointing Mr. Graves, chief
clerk, as assistant treasurer.
A Matamoras special of the 12th sav>: There
suit of a conference between Gens. Palacois and
Cortina and the government treasurer is a call
upon merchants for a loan pf $60,000. All of
the merchants have refused to subscribe, (’or
thia is supposed to he in league with the insur
gents, and serious trouble is apprehended.
Americans do not fear the enforcement of pres
tamo, owing to their proximity to Fort Brown.
There are no fun is in the treasury to pay the
soldiers. Gen. Palacois is almost isolated.
There are rumors that Tula has pronounced in
favor of Diaz, which stops the only load that
was open from this place to the capital. Gen.
Quiroga has left Monterey for Mier with a num
ber of cavalry, and may reach the latter place
in two days. Gen. Trevino will follow with a
portion of his army, and it is expected he will
try to reach this place.
Uotkes.
(J 11 RIS T M A S
W A L L ET S
I have now in store the best a ort
ment ever exhibited inthe tatcoi Mas
sa<hii:etts. They are all madeexpre -ly
for me; conseqiumly the style and
prices can be relied upon a. being satis
factory,
call is respectfully ollcited.
WALLETS.
EDWIN A. W AKIIEN,
Apothecary,
IX KA Y STATF. HOt SE, WORI LSTI R
n3O dtf
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS Amer!
-a- can aim Foreign PatentH prucured.Reieiled Ap
pta-atioiu re-argued luterh rence Prose-uted;
Opinions given rh to the validity and iulrmgeinont of
Patents and Suite prosecuted and defended iu the U. H;
Courts, by
Tiioa. ii nonoE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman ofitbe
Board ol Appeals. U. S. Patent office,) (’ouusellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office Dodger
Block, eurner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mess.
i>24 d&wtf
QLIV ER’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STItF.ET Ol.» NO.
_n>y24 dtf
QIT Y O F W6ItC ES T E n‘.
In Board of Aldermen, Dec 8.1871.
Whereas, the City Council, nn ier atnhoriiy an net
o< the Legislature entitled "An act eoncernhig newers
and drains in the City of Worcester. .ipprovetl March
29th. 1867. and accepted bv Ilie voters <.i .aid city April
16. 1867, have ad indued to be necessary fur the purpose of
sewerage and drainage and for Hie public heallli and con
venience, and have caused to be hud out and const nu-ted
at the expense of the city. Mill Brook Scw< r.-o died,
from a point north ol Lincoln Square to Cambridge
St reet, and also certain sewers and drains in the follow
ing streets, namely Allen, Aili, Ashlan t. Ash, Aubir n
Place. Austin, Beacon, Belmont, Btlknap, Beiietit. Ben
efit Court, Bartlett Place, Bowdoin, Boynton. Bridge.
Burt, Carlton. Canal. Carroll Cameway, Ce ar. Central,
enlral Park. Charlton. Chandler, Chv.-fnnt, liathatn.
Cherry, (’hurch, Charles. Clinton, Claremont. Congre--.
Corbett, Cottage. Crown Court. Cypress. Dix, Davi.-.
Eden. Elm, Eaton Place. Fveretl.’Exchange, Foster,
Foundry. Fountain. Fruit. FuLon, George. Glen. Go'd.
Goddard, Grafton. Green. Grove. Gertrude Avenue. Har
vard Court, Harvard streel, Howard. Harrison, Ham
mond, Hanover, High, Highland. Home, Hermon.
Houclien Av., Irving. Jackson, John. Kendal’. King.
Laurel, Lagrange, Ledge, Lincoln. Lincoln Sq Linden.
Linwood Place, Lilly, Liberty, Lovell Court. Mauis(>n,
Main, Manchester, Mancct, May. Mechanic. Millbury.
Mt. Pleasant. Myrtle, N. Ashland, Newbury, Newport.
Oak. Orchard, Oread, Wreatl Puicc, Orange. Oxford
Palmer, Park, Pearl. Pink, Piedmont, Pleasant. Ply
mouth, Providence. Portland. Pro-poet, Qu-ncy, Salis
bury, Salem, School, Sever, Soutlibndge, South Irving.
Spruca. Spring. State, Summer. Sndburv, Svcanu re.
Thomas, temple, Trumbull, Tremont, Union, Vine.
Wa'do, Washington, Wachuset. Warren. Water, Wel
lington, West, Wesby. William and Wimer Street.
Also, across the estate of the late Ethan Allen, from
Main to Piedmont Street. Also, across the lan I of
Stephen Sa'isbury. from Salisbury to Highland. Also,
across the land of Sewell 11. Bowker, et. al., from Ma n
Street to Harvard Court. And in other Streets and pri
vate lands in said city.
It is therefore Ordered, that notice lie given to all per
sons and parties owning any real estate upon the streets
in which said sewers and drains are laid, or upon tuc line
thereof, or whose real estate is benetltted thereby, tint
this Board intend to assess upon said owners their pro
portionate sbaie of the expenditure of said Cit v for lid
drains and sewers according tu law and the Mayor and
Aidermen will meet in their room iu the Cit v Hall on the
19th dav of December cUiTcnt, at 7 -2 o’clock r. m.. to
hear any objections which maybe made to -aal a.-ess
merit; and the City Marshal or hi- assistant are herein
ordered to give notice of said meeting to all said person's
and parties, by posting up an attested copy of tin- order
at the City Hall and Central Exchange,'-< ven day-at
least before said meeting, and also by publishing a like
copy three limes beiore ^a.<l meeting, iu the Dailv Spy
and Evening Gazette, newspapers printed in said city.
A copy.
Attest SAMUEL SMITH, Citv Clerk.
d!2 dTu.l'hAS
JI E A D QU A R T E R S
CARRIAGE MAKERS' SIPPLIES,
AT
COLWELL WINSOR S,
Nos. 9 1 and 96 Canal Street,
PROVIUKNCB, K I.
Agents for JONEH S WHEEL.
Agents for W tRX E K'S I- l EX' I WHEEL.
Also keep in stuck alar.e assoitmeut of
Snokes, Springs. Enamel Cloth,
Kims, Axles, Broadcloth,
Sharts, Bolts. Enamel Top Leather
Seats, Mall Iron Dasher Leather.
Bows. Circles, Trimming Leaf tier.
Varnishes. Wagon Cushion Buggy and Express
Bodies, Kunning Gears, Ac., Ac.
d 7 deopJm
jF RO N .Si E K I.
The subscribers have constantly on hand a very largi
asatrimenl oi iUUAi AAb M'l'l.l,l. oi nHdcatr.p
lions. Also,
ANVILS, CHAINS.
VISES, HUTS.
BELLOWS, W SHEKS.
PORTABLE FORGES. HORSE SHOES
HAMMERS, HORSE NAILS,
SLEDGES, RASPS,
SPRINGS, TILES,
FINISHED AXLES. BORAX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES,
BEACH SAND. *c., &c.
Which will be sold at the low eat prices, at the old stanp
WASHINGTON KQVARF
PRATT INN M AN.
Worcester. April 1. It'-ttiL deopt f aid
STANDING WOOD AND
LOT of about AV acres, in the not thcad part us
Grafton; will cut 2CV.UOO led ot Lumber, th-OV IL K
Sleepers, and 750 Curds oi Wood.
JAMES PEACOCK.
ntl deop‘2w* Graihm Mass.
r|l< k H BNT—Upper Tenement of 5 rooms, at
JI No. 1 Madison «i: uent per month). by
uW dnawtf F. wßiwu:,
AB VEKTDHAG KATEM.
In Daily Spy—FurJ the "Square’ of ten Baca »o
•gate type, 1 time te.; each übueqii- nt Imert.on 0
clB.; 1 week f-! 75; 2 weekssl.oo; 1 month fft.oo; 1 year
and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two lines for one week fl. 00; three line fl .25;
:<>ur lines f 1.37; five Unes f 1.50. Local notices 25 cents
per Une for each Insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolution’, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements fl 00 per square for first iuser
lion; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special poshlou^ in the paper, and special stvlea of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements alh.w'ed only to a limited extent,
and double rate-charged lor the whole space occupied.
In Werkly Shy—First insertion fl.Oii per square;
ead, uibsequcntjnsertlonSO cents; 3 months 17 60; cna
year $25.00.
Reining fflacbines.
seuim; muiilye
B’.lejgant, Simple, and Uurable
I.O< K-«TIT< 11.
STU IKAII rX I I DLE A\ Bff I'TTLE.
A ldrex Keystone Sewing
i hine t o jjo iremoni -t Boston
i BR0( X Agent
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite!!
A. E. PECK, A Kent,
oS dG 100 Main St.
rpHE
HOWE SEWING MACHINES
■J" TTSItU-K .t CO.'S CELEBRATED VAT.
I t RNS t.>r Ladle Misses', and Children's Garments
<>t hi km<t and .S/urf Puttenisui all sizes, at tfGlt
Mam Ht., Worcester. Mass.
1.. Q. SPACLDIXO, A sent.
Also. Needles l int ALL AIND3 Ob' machines. Silk, Oil
Ac. I uckei Rufiiers, and Corders.
'Machines Repaired. dtf ap6
11 A KN ESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
I.INKD ANU UNUNEU,
WOOL ROBES!
lIOKKE BI.AXKETSf
lIC 4 IX<2I. FS and
WHIPS t
A -tock equal to any In the citv. which we are selling
at Low Prices, al
LAMSON, GLAZIER CO. S.
'IB' AC, 2iM an.UIM Main «t.
q’lIE AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do ah kinds of work done by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Overseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every machine Fully Warranted.
Ilir 'Please call and examine Machines and Work, at
334 Main Street.
ji" root WELL.
jY handsome present fob’the
Holidays!
The Improved World-Renowned
WHEELER WILSON’S
SEWING MACHINES
Are the best ever offered to Public Patronage.
't hey are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
gr« ate>t rapidity make an even an 1 firm stitch, alike on
both sides, that will md rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose ami material common to
lamllv use. Where can you find a better present for
THANKSGIVING?
11 doe not oil the work, as all Shuttle Machines do;
I does not need to be dripping in oil to run easy, and
thriefnre no pan is necessary to eatch the oil beneath
a> i> indispensable in most Shuttle Machines in Use.
How can you make a better choice for a
CHRISTMAS
I r. ent, than one ot the celebrated Wheeler A Wilson's
Serving Machines We give you thorough in-tiuctions
at our rooms or house, free of expense.
Please call before purchasing elsewhere, that as a girt
for
NEW YEAR’S,
you have made a good selection, and be perfectly satis—
tied. Ev. i y Machine warranted, and kept in repair one
year wlihoui charge.
BEIL PERCIVAL,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY.
Oiiice 3 1O Nia in St., Worcester.
u 25 deoptf
'lllusincss SarDs.
eG. W. ELKINS, No. 264 Main st.,
14
l he only man who makes Clock Repairing a
specialty. Cleans all kinds of Clocks.
’locks put. up if desired.
An assortment of Clocks far sale. AU
work warranted.
myUI dM FI.KINS ,v DUNCAN.
4 LEXAN I) Elt L O R IME K,
Manufacturer and dealer tn
RUSSIA, MANILLA AND AMERICAN HEMP CORDI
A< i E.
Bed (.‘ords. Cotton Clothes Lines steam Packing, Fish
Lines. Twine, Pulley Blocks,
Wholesale A Retail.
Corne-of Exchange and Blackstoneatroete,
Wnreeater Mixa deno
A V STAT E 11 v U S E
WOUOKSTKH MASS.,
GrBXV. 'AM-l 1< A.I .Iu
^JRS. A DI Ml AM,
MKSE,
,1 dim* 31 Benefit st.
SH. PRENTISB.
<I.AIKVOYAXT,
may be found at 92 Orange st., until December 23d.
.iti dlw*
Y H. GREENWOOD, Avctiombb^
Ist Xat. Bank Buildias.
Attends to sales in any part of Worcester Co.
•il dtial
A K L E FULLER
U A BCll ITECTN,
People s Saving.-, Bank Building,
No. 262 MAIN STREET, Worcester,Mass.
SrBPHEN C. Earle. James E. Fdllsb
I’. AMES,
JOB WAGONM-Nou. 110 and 117.
Fiimilb-.s moved by careful men, carpets Cleaned,
Mad, and Put Down. Second-hand Clothing, Carpets,
Ac., b ught and sold. Windows Washed and Huiues
t leaned.
Residence, 35 North Ashland st.
Order slate No. 1 Post office Building.
All orders promptly attiirned to. dtf n 25
A 1. T E R E R E E M ATn”
WHOLESALE HEALER IM
OYST F R S
92 Byer St., I’ro*ideuee, IC I.
IU AH orders promptly attended to. d2m 019
INSURANCE a FIREPROOF safes.
S. A. HOWLAND,
PF.A KI. ST.,
ie3 dtf Opposite the Post Office.
j)R. a. a. howland;
BF.XTIST,
387 Main St.. Worcester.
ml dtf Grouts New Block.
I M. I IX EV, DENTIST.
Office and residence
"70 Pleaaunt St., tout ot* Uheslnut St.
aull dHm
WALLETS.
New steam mahble and
STOKE WORKS,
Having Introduced machinery Into our tnulnee*. we
are confident that, with our large experience, practical
knowledge, and personal attention, we are prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimmings, Monti
nn nt l ibid and Grave Stones, Chimney Pieces,
Bracket xlWlien, I able and Bureau Tops. Sinks, and
every description of work mat Ie front Marine and Stone,
at the lowest cash prices.
fluinklul lor past confidence and patronage, we solicit
a continuance us the same. TAIEL M A HORGAN,
30 1.11 Central at.. WurcexUr. Masa
ORE B X WOOD IN’S T ITU T K
9 Miles Oom Boston,
ON THE HOSTON AXV MAILER. K.
This Institution i» established for the reception and
treaiment <>i patients suffering from disease or derange
nieni of the nervous system, caused by overtaxing the
brain, by too sedentary habits, or the excessive or In
iudtcioUx use of alcoholic or narcotic stimulant*.
The terms ior boat •••nem are from *ls to *3O
a week, varying ae ■'“•‘•Hirns re-
quired for the pail
nan care and atte
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed io
at n>\ office in Boston, will lie imineoiaM:^
Patients are expiate Ito remain Mich le‘ngth ot tin.
as may be deemed necessary.
Payments will tie required la adw*ca
Boston Office Roon<> Xo. 11 Tremunl Tetnuk
houi IV A. Mto ’u dock P. M. H Ume
ALBEKr DAX.iM. D..
tSui^rlnidHimr ^ud PhrMMan
Greenwood, Am’. 1A l*U. ddlpJlc oi