$rtr ©dews
O^fc lirJOUR^IA^jrTHiri^ E S
OFFICIAL JOURNAL *0F IEW ORLEANS
NBW OULKAXS, OCTOBER 19. INTI.
gome lawyers can't sleep. They lie on
one si«le, ami turn over and lie on the
other.
Governor Wnrmoth has appointed Ed.
ward Henderson tax collector lor St.
Charles parish.
Sedalia, Missouri, has voted largely in
favor of the Holly waterworks, to be put
in operation at once.
President Grant is out of pocket about
one hundred thousand dollars by the Chi
cago lire.
The Chicago lire made sad havoc among
the newspaper establishments, eighty-nine
of which, embracing dailies acd monthlies,
were burned.
A California lady, with a fortune oi half
a million, is reported to have married "a
heathen Chinee"—and not a very exalted
specimen at that. _
The Xew York Mail tells of a gentleman
who has taken his meals at Delmonico's
and occupied the same seat daily during
the past eighteen years.
J. Augustine Signago, a well known poct
iourualist, late Italian consul at Memphis,
lias purchased an interest in the daily
Pitas, and will assist in the editing.
It is said there is but one Presbyterian
congregation of any kind in Ibe State of
lthode Island, and that one is at Provi
dence, having a membership of about two
hundred.
Th.i ship Iladen, Captain Dyer, was
cleared by William Creevy yesterday for
Havre. The Baden takes out 3:184 bales of
cotton, '-'009 barrels of dour, 91 tierces of
tallow and Id packages of merchandise.
Uincinnati lias an apparatus for consum
ing ber owu smoke. If she would now
take another stride ar.d consume her own
whisky, we might point to ber with pride.
—LouiscilU Courier Journal.
Mrs. Admiral Dablgren is writing for the
True H onion, of Baltimore. In the current
number she has a paper headed "Journalism
end Woman Suffrage," in which she severely
attacks personal journalism.
We learn from a Memphis dispatch that
Felix Ledoux, of Xew Orleans, who at.
tempted suicide on a railroad train re
cently, near Jackson. Tennessee, accom
plished it on Friday last by hari-kari,
*t that place.
Subscriptions to the capital stock of the
Carrollton Holly Waterworks Company
will he received at the office of Mr. Charles
Clinton, Xo. 45 Carondelet street, where
copies of the prospectus can be had from Id
W. to d P. M. __
>b account of the iow stage of the river
»-u si has become very scarce at Cinciunati.
That which formerly sold at three dollars
per load Las advanced to seven. A coal
famine is spoken of it the river remains
much longer at its present low stage.
The returns indicate the election to the
French Constitutional Assembly of eight
hundred and sixty-seven liberal conserva
tives, four hundred and ninety-four mod
erates, two hundred and one radicals, one
hundred and ninety-four legitimists and
sixty-four Bonapartists.
We acknowledge tLe receipt of compii.
mentary tickets to the fete champetrc at
Carrollton Gardens, for the benefit of the
Odd Fellows' Rest, comiueneing on the
twenty-third instant They were trans
mitted by Mr. W. T. Dm no, secretary of
the committee of arrangements.
The Homer Iliad has lowered the names
of Charles Sumner and William D. Kelly
us candidates for President and Vice Presi
dent, and daunts at the luast head of that
craft the name of U. S. Grant for Presi
dent, and William W. Holden, of Xorth
Carolina, for Vice President.
A grand vocal and instrumental concert
will he given at Lyceum Hall, to-morrow
night, for the benefit of the Chicago suffer
ers. The affair will he under the charge of
the Louisiana Progressive Club, of which
Captain James Lewis is president, and
William G. Brown, Esq., secretary.
The steamship Koln, II. C. Franke mas
ter, will leave for Bremen, Havana and
Southampton ou Saturday next, at 7 A. M,
Her passeuger accommodations are elegant.
;ind her speed and strength superior. For
passage, apply to C. F. Stockmeyer Co.,
agents, Xo. 1" I'nion street.
Josh Billings, in his directions "How tu
pick out a good Loss," says "Good Losses
are skarse. and good men, that deal in enuy
Lind of bosses, are skarser. 'An honest
tuan iz the noblest work ov God;' this
fatnus saying was written, in grate anguish
of heart, by the late Alexander Pope, just
ifter buying a good family hoss."
''.Li'hu Burritt finely said, in a late address,
r(Herring to the manifestations of sympathy
in "the mother country" for the Chicago
.sufferers: ".She asks to come into the fel
lowship of this great suffering; to bring her
cruet of wine and oil to the aid and comfort
of this fallen sister; to put an arm as tender
us ours around her; to help us lift her up
and put her on her feet again, enriched with
the sympathy of both hemispheres."
The War Department weather map of
yesterday reports that the thermometer at
seven o'clock in the morning was 5i- at
Augusta, 45- at Boston. 5- at Baltimore*
iVJ at Mobile. Cl at Galveston, 53 at Vicks
burg, 59 at Savannah, 59 at Charleston,
5>» at Memphis. 45- at Louisville. 45 at
Cincinnati, if) at St. Louis. It was cloudy
,U Galveston. Xew Orleans. Mobile, Cliar.
loston, Boston and Buffalo; clear at Augusta.
Savannah, Vicksburg, Memphis, Louisville,
Cairo and Cincinnati.
Our old friend Mr. A. L. Parkcs, a suc
cessful business manager for theatrical
companies, arrived i:i the city yesterday
morning, in advance of the McKee Rankin
comedy company. They number twenty
ladies anil gentlemen of acknowledged
ability, including Mr. McKee Rankin, Miss
Kitty Blanchard. Mr. Belvil Ryan. Mr. M.
V. Lingham, Mis»es Katie and Auuie May
liew, Mr. Charles Stanley, Walter H. Wood
field, Frank Knight and other well-known
artists. They open at the Academy of
Music on Monday next, in a magnificent
'.dramatization of Charles Dickens' David
t oppertield, entitled "Little Ewley,'' for
which Mr. Bidwell Las provided the most
superb scenic effects ever presented in this
g*Uy.
A FEW PLAIN STATEMENT!
Cotton, which ought to be a blessing to
New Orleans, and which it is, in a certain
restricted sense, is indisputably the source
of many evils in a financial sense. The
first of these is, that it suggests number
less falsehoeds. and originates disastrous
speculations that injure the entire com
munity. In the opening of the season
we are told that the crop is a failuregby
those who desire to sell, and that it is a
success by those who wish to buy. Every
little country newspaper is hunted over
for paragraphs to sustain these asser
tions, a worm being found in Rapides
assisting the sellers, nud a good report
from Caddo assisting the buyers. If the
impression can be fortified that a ten
acre field has been ravaged in DeSoto,
then the market is feverish for a rise, be
cause it is assumed that this devastation
is to influence the entire purchasing in
terest from DeSoto to Manchester.
The prevalence of these falsehoods may
be- traced to an old tradition that the
South controls the cotton market of the
world, and that when our cotton fields
fail the price of the staple must advance.
Planters are told that the worm has made
its appearance, and they at once refuse to
ship to market, because such news ought
to send the price up. So it would, prob
ably, if the South controlled the market
as she once did, but fortunately, or other
wise, the South does not control the sup
ply of cotton. Of the surplus on hand in
Liverpool, at the latest dates, the United
States only grew about one-fifth. Of the
amonnt of cotton on shipboard, en route
for England last month, fort}' thousand
bales were reported to be from the South,
and six hundred thousand bales from
other cotton fields. If these figures are
calculated for a moment, the planter will
discover that h;s crop is not necessary
to the world at all, and that when he holds
it back for the purpose of producing a
rise in prices, he is not only running the
risk of a fall, but he is paying interest on
his own money.
A little sensible honesty in regard to
our farming transactions will help every
body. The planter should forward his
crop at the earliest moment, sell it, invest
the money, and then attend to the im
provement of his place. By doing this
he will be enabled to pay his debts and
stop the interest which he is paying to the
brokers; and he will be relieved from a
great deal of anxiety; and he will help
the country by keeping money plenty.
At present all the legitimate capital
that belongs to New Orleans is locked up
in cotton. The banks are assisting to
move the crops in the interest of their
mercantile and commission customers,
and they are, therefore, incapable of assist
ing the other legitimate departments of
business with that financial aid which they
need. This enables a set of brokers to
enter the money market and demand
twenty and thirty per cent for loans.
Some of the best houses in New Orleans
are paving twenty per cent, and an unex
ceptionable piece of commercial paper
was discounted last week at twenty-five
per cent. Other parties find it abso
luely impossible to obtain money ou auv
thiug like ev t n these extortionate terms.
This thing occurs annually. Just
about the time our season ought to open.
New Orleans is regularly tied up with her
cotton crop, which the planters in the
country refuse to sell because they have
heard something about worms, or are
expecting to Lear something about
worms which will enable them to realize
enough more money out of their cotton
to pay the interest which they Lave
bound themselves f.ir. Robinson, with
one hundred bales which he has farmed,
reads a paragraph from some incompetent
country editor that the cron in Tigerville
is a failure. He at once orders his cot
ton to be held back, which necessitates
h;s broker to raise money at twenty per
cent in order to pay expenses. By and
by ItoLinsou hears that the same incom
petent editor has reported the cotton at
Tigerville splendid, and then he orders a
sale and pockets his losses. For years
this thing has been going on in the
South—planters putting on the ruinous
airs of speculators, capitalists and cotton
gamblers. And for years they have been
taken in at their own expense.
Farming is oue thing and speculation
another. One is done in the country,
honestly, and the other is done on C'aron
delet street, curiously, to draw it mild.
Cotton circulars are the cards of the lat
ter, and the ordinary market reports
should be the guides of the former. Men
who desire to gamble in cotton, by buying
for a rise in the market, are a different
sort of people from the planters who
grow the staple. Speculators are men of
widespread intelligence, whose area of
knowledge spans nil countries. They
figure with the product of Egypt, Brazil,
Asia and all other cotton fields before
them. They lock up their own money,
and are well paid if ten per cent is made.
The country farmer in Louisiana hardly
sees beyouud his rail fence; neither un
derstands the yield of other regions nor
the consumption of his own State, and
locks up somebody else's money. If he
gains a cent on the pound his increased
expenses Lave consumed it. And be is
as restless while waiting as a country
politician, lor fear the thing will turn out
badly. A little less lying, therefore, in
town, and a little more business tact in
the country, will make the cotton crop a
much gieater blessing than it has been.
CIVIL RULE.
The election of General Grant in 13G3
to the Presidency of the United States,
was undoubtedly a concession to the mili
tary element of our people and govern
ment; aud President Grant's administra
tion has been rendered conspicuous for
its patronage to military men. To a cer
tain extent this is proper under the cir
cumstances. The American people are
not ungrateful and the President's indica
tion to confer civil honors and emolu
ments upon military men has not encoun
tered their disapprobation. Aside from
the services aud devotion displayed in the
cause of the republic, as the commander
of its armies, there were good reasons in
1863 why General Grant should be elected
President Peace had not beeh fully re
stored, although the rebellions armies had
surrendered and dispersed. Much bitter
feeling existed in the minds of many of
the Southern people, and the wort of re
construction in the Southern States was
yet to be accomplished. The manner in
which this was to be effected had already
divided the people, and as it was essen
tial to the friends of the Union that the
work should be done so as to perpetuate
the great principles involved in the
war, it was necessary that the govern
ment should be prepared for any emer
gency. For this and the further reason
that General Grant had achieved noble
distinction as a soldier and friend of
liberty, he was chosen President.
When he was nominated by the Re
publican party he was the General of
the American army and under pay as a
soldier. This was something unusual in
the history of our country. But once
before had the people gone directly to the
army for its President. General Washing
ton had retired from the army several
years, and was engaged in superintending
the cultivation of his farm when elected
President General Jackson was defeated
in his first canvass for the Presidency
because of the prejudice that had been
aroused in the people against the preten
sions of military men; aud that was ten
years after the hero of New Orleans had
retired from military life. General Taylor
was taken from the army and became
President in 1849. This was two years
after he had won the battle of Buena
Vista in the war with Mexico. His selec
tion was the first made directly from the
army, aud he was sixty-five years old
when he became President. He was a
plain old man, who had done his country
good service in the tented field, and the
condition of political parties in 1843
favored his election to the Presidency. The
Democrats had divided, and a portion
of them, under the name of free-soilers,
supported Martin Van Buren, while the
Democratic party nominated Lewis Cass.
General Taylor received the nomination
of the Whig party, and became President.
He was not a politician, and publicly pro
claimed before his election that he had
"no friends to reward, nor enemies to
punish." It is very probable that if Gen
eral Taylor had been a much younger
man, and a more ambitious man, he could
not have been taken from the army and
made President without incurring the op
position of some portion of the American
people: for their prejudice is easily
aroused against military men who aspire
to civil rule.
is
TLe nomination and election of Gen
eral Grant, in 1808, was considered a po
litical necessity. The peculiar condition
of the country seemed to demand it.
Complete civil rule had to be established
throughout the whole length and breadth
oi the land before peace could prevail,
and it wa» correctly supposed this could
not be accomplished without the aid of
the military arm of the government. To
make government the more effective in
restoring a permanent peace, and to re
ward, perhaps, a worthy man, the Amer
ican people, or that portion of it largely
in the majority, concluding to deviate
from the usual course in such matters,
took General Grant from the army, w here
be was chief in command, and placed
him at the head of civil affairs. None
seemed to understand better than Presi
dent Grant what the majority wanted
w hen they placed him at the head of the
nation. In his inaugural address to the
American people, without distinction of
pa*rtv, he emphatically said, "Let
us have peace." He knew this
to be the wish of the majority of his
countrymen, and it was a gentle intima
tion to those who were belligerently in
clined, or disposed to have their own way
in reconstruction, that the government
would be prepared to enforce the laws
even against violence. The work of re
construction is completed, and the neces
sity for even the semblance of military
government need no longer exist if the
American people determine to have a civil
ian for the next President. We repeat the
work of reconstruction is completed, but
peace can not be considered permanent
until all parties yield faithful obedience
to the laws. Ii all have honestly made
up their minds to this, civil rule can pre
vail without the aid of the military.
Surely, no portion of our people require
to be told this. Nor is it necessary to
tell them that if they desire to have a
civilian instead of a soldier in the Presi
dential chair, the matter is in their own
hands.
It is the
It is the opposition of the minority to
the rule of the majority that has brought
about a necessity for the use of extraor
dinary measures. Let the minority re
member this, and yield gracefully, in the
future, to the constitution and laws.
Then the country can have peace without
the aid of the military to enforce it. Then
it will be unnecessary for Mr. Pendleton
to tell the people that they have "an auto
cratic power greater than that of Samson,
as he stood and closed his arms around
the pillars of the temple ready to bring it
down upon the heads of all who w°re
within it. The people are the autocratic
power iu this country; the only absolute
power, if they are true to themselves. It
is therefore wrong to say that any oue
man possesses autocratic power in this
country, for that implies that the people
Lave surrendered their liberties. We do
not believe they are prepared to admit
this. Ths Democratic party can make no
headway against President Grant by ac
cusing him of being an autocrat, because
he enforces the law. That is his sworn
duty. If the Democrats really prefer civil
rule, in toto, they should work with the
majority for its just administration.
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR DUNN'S DENIAL.
It will be seen by his note that Lieuten
ant Got ernor Dunn disclaims the pater
nity of the sentiment attributed to him.
He denies having made use of the lan
guage charged, or its equivalent. If he
had contented himself with a simple de
nial, we might, perhaps, have let the mat
ter pass as one of the mistakes that wit
nesses and auditors often make in mat
ters that come under their notice. But
Dunn is apparently ambitions of appear
ing in the Republican as the advocate tl
exponent of some original principle of
olicy. Be therefore sends to ns a Yathcr
prosy recital of platitudes, which being
sifteebout appear to U3 to mean that he is
in favor of colored men having the right
to hold any office to which the people
may elect them. As this question was
not ia any manner involved ia the charge
against him, we look upon his declaration
as decidedly gratuitous. The charge was
that he has advised the colored people to
vote only for colored men, as white men
are unworthy of trust. His simple denial
that he entertains or ever uttered such a
sentiment is sufficient for the purpose of
the controversy. It now becomes an issue
of tact between himself and our inform
ants, whose names are at his service
if he desires to pursue the case fur
ther. We have no apology to of
fer for publishing the specific
charge. He admits having seen it made
substantially in other papers. So have
we. But he has not before thought proper
to deny it. And now that we have given
him the opportunity to be heard in his
defense, he has spoken by putting in a
plea of not guilty. If we fail in the evi
dence we can produce, wo shall cheerfully
throw up the case and admit his plea, for
it would afford us no pleasure to know
that the second officer in the State, and
the "first representative of his race," en
tertains sentiments so fatal to the interests
of the weaker half of our citizens. He
will please take notice that we Lave not
placed him iu a false and injurious posi
tion, nor in any position whatever. We
have merely called his attention to reports
which, in our judgment, reflected upon
his character as a man of common sense,
for the purpose of giving him an oppor
tnnity to contradict them if untrue. And
we shall endeavor to be entirely fair in
all future treatment of the subject, and
weigh the testimony on both sides with
impartiality. For if we have any prefer
ence, it is ia favor of the hope that
Lieutenant Governor Dunn is not the
upholder of political sentiments that
would deprive a citizen of his privileges
because he unfortunately happens to be
white.
BEV. L. C. MATLACK. D. D.
The many friends in this city and else
where of the distinguished divine, Rev.
Dr. Matlack, will be glad to leam that he
is again convalescing. The doctor had
but partially recovered from a severe
attack of yellow fever when his estimable
wife was suddenly prostrated with con
gestion of the brain, and died in less than
five hours. This terribie bereavement,
under which he staggered for several days,
proved too severe a blow for him in Lis
enfeebled condition, and a relapse of the
fever, which proved far more severe than
the first attack, came very near causing
his death. The crisis, however, was
reached yesterday and successfully passed,
and we have the assurance of Lis phy
sician that with care he will undoubtedly
recover.
Colonel Hodgson, who is considered an
intelligent man generally, was the author
of the suggestion that the shooting of
Clanton was a premeditated assassination.
The mere reading of the statement made
by Clanton's friends was sufficient to sat
isfy any perfectly sensible man. which we
deny that Colonel Hodgson is, that the
shooting was purely incidental to the
meeting of a hot-headed individual with
one that was half drunk, and that Clan
ton was more to blame than Nelson. The
utterance of such a charge, under the cir
cumstances, seeing how the father of
young Nelson had acted in the arrest of
his own son, was a very unjust and un
generous thing, and the retraction which
Hodgson has made will never relieve him
from the censure of good men for his ill
judged and partisan accusation. He has
distinctly and definitely withdrawn the
wicked defamation. Now let us see if the
Patriot will have the manliness to do the
same thing.
It is worthy of notice by the Repub
lican party that the Customhouse is sup
ported in its attacks upon the Governor
by the Democratic press throughout the
State. A Customhouse employe is writ
ing the correspondence of the Demo
cratic papers. This is a virtual partner
ship, and shows plainly which side of
the house is selling out. Most of the
disaffected Republicans who are crying
out against Governor Wannoth as un
sound, once sent a communication to
Washington assuring the President that
Collector Casey was a Democrat. They
suspected Hervig of being a Democrat
too, but now they are all faithful, and
are the favorites of the Democratic press.
It is curious to think about.
If Lieutenan: Governor Dunn wants
the colored people in Louisiana to sup
port only men tf their own race because
they are in a mijority, he can not object
to the same rule when applied the other
way; that colortd men shall be excluded
from all federal offices because in the
United States tae whites are in the ma
jority. Mr. D:nn is weaker than his
enemies have asserted him to be, and
he is proving tie feet to the satisfaction
of everybody in his latest efforts.
OX CARONDELET STREET.
The money nnrket is yet in ^reat stress.
City certificates,usually reckoned as sood
investment, go feeing at low rates. 8tate
warrants are not quotable. There is a dis
taste daily groving against paper, and an
inclination toward cash for its owu sake.
Applications for accommodation loans on
the banks must »e backed up by the most
unquestionable .'ollaterals. Domestic ex
change is quiet, and sight on Xew York is
yet par. Gold is rated at 11316911334,
and none but the ordinary sales transpired.
A want of spirit,* lack of enterprise, an all
prevailing indolence extends like a cloud
over the field, ind is surprising at this
season of the ymr. All operations beyond
those absolutely necessary are held in
abeyance, and '.hough the future looks
promising, yet tie clouds are yet hanging
in the horizon.
The stock marlet is flat. Levee stock is
improving in valte, and closed yesterday at
$4—209 shares laving been sold at this
price. Those wfose faith was reduced, and
1 toll
who wagered the stoic would not rally, be
gan to look blank, while the opposite- side
were cheerful. Waterworks stock has not
yet been wiped out, and, shorts covering
have induced an imitation of buoyancy in
the paper. Neither Fertilizer, Slaughter
house nor Lottery could afford consolation
yesterday, and no offers were made nor
propositions put either from the ranks of
buyers or borrowers. The stock market
wfii not stand much, and a slight move
meat will either depress or elevate it, hut
until the Chicago fire ceases to be felt, the
market will have a disposition toward ua.
mitigated dullness.
Cotton ia still in good request, hut offer
ings are scant. In the afternoon, discourag
ing advices arrived from Liverpool, and the
inquiry was somewhat damped down.
Nevertheless, sales are unprecedented, con
sidering the news, and at least eighteen
hundred hales were sold. Factors were
willing to make a few concessions, and
small lots were eagerly snapped up.
C'onnterl'eit Mrkln.
It was recently stated that counterfeit
nickies to the amount of fifteen hundred
dollars were sunk by officers of the Canal
itndT.'laiborne Street Railroad Company in
the Mississippi river, so that they might
never get into circulation again. The
quantity of counterfeit nickies was so
great that the general impression pre
vailed that it was intended to report the
sinking of fifteen hundred nickies, aud not
fifteen hundred dollars in amouut.
We learn, however, that the amount
actually thrown into the river by the
Claiborne Railroad Company was the sum
first stated—fifteen hundred dollars. This
was the accumulation of three years. The
counterfeit nickies dropped into the street
car boxee amounted to about a dime a day
for each (Jar on all the routes. This seems
inconsiderable, but when it is reflected that
there are hundreds of street cars con
stantly running ia this city, it will ba seen
that the aggregate amount daily reaches a
large sum in the course of a year.
The question pertinently suggests itself,
can not the counterfeiters be hunted out
and arrested. It is very probable that the
same proportion of counterfeit nickies cir
culate in every branch of trade, and are
paid out by innocent holders in many in
stances, who have not learned to distin
guish the counterfeit from the genuine.
Quarantine to Be Raised.
It will be seen by the following corres
pondence between the Board of Health,
that the quarantine restrictions are re
moved:
Own a B->.*p.i» or Hest/i-a
So. U9 Lanai street.
New Orleans, La.. October 7, 1371. j
To Hi* Excellency H. C. Wanuoth, Governor of
Louisiana:
Governor: At a regular meeting of the
Board of Health, State of Louisiana, held
October 6, I3T1, the follewing resolution
w adopted:
Jtesolred. That in the opinion of the
Board of Health, the present quarantine re
strictions upon commerce with foreign ports
can be safely withdrawn upon the fifteenth
day of the present mouth.
1 have the honor to be. Governor, very
resnectfu'.Ir.
C. B. WHITE. M. D..
President Board of Health, State of Lou
isiana.
EaBi TIVK DKMKTJli'ST,
of Louis ora.
Kcw Orleans, October 17. S
From and after the fifteenth instant quar
antine restrictions will be removed, afid
vessels w ill pass to the citv without deten
tion. II. C. WARMOTH.
Governor of Louisiana.
F. J. Hepron.
■Secretary of State, pro tern.
Haw Your PiinMag and Binding Dane at
the Pelican Jab Office, Corner Camp and
Poydrns .Streets. oc2y !y
JACOB Oil's
BriLDKK,
l»4.............Delord street.............1S4
(T.voli Circle.!
NEW ORLEANS.
S*nres fitted up with dispatch. Jobbing promptly
attended ;o _ Hlfldptr
A C ARD.
Tae subscriber*, ha via-; been burned out iu the
recent Chicago condagration, take this means to
inform their patrons that they immediately resume
business at Xo. 55 West Randolph street. Chicago.
They announce that their safe and its content*
were eutirely destroyed: that they shall be unable
to supply their subscribers with their publication*
(Teacher, Scholar and Little Folks) for November,
but will supply for December and onward.
As their mailing list* arc destroyed, they wish
all their subscribers to communicate with them at
once, stating the number of copies they take, and
when their subscriptions expire.
ADAMS. BLACKMER LYON.
Publishing Company.
Chicago. 111.. Octolier 12, H71.
$20,000 IN PREMIUMS.
fifth grand state fair
MECHANICS' AND AGRICTLTl KAL
FAIR ASSOCIATION
>F LOUISIANA
VTiL! be held
ON THE FAIR GROUNDS,
IX
OF NEW ORLEANS
November IS. 19. 20, 21, 22. 2.'l. 21. 23
nn.4 29, 1*71.
Exaib.tors are iaviteu from every section of
America. Rameaus, steamships, and other trans
portation lines, as uameil in the Premium Cata
logues (pages 11 and II), will carry exhibitors to
an.l from the Fair at one half the usual rates.
The books are now open for the entry of Machin
ery, Wares, Menm amine, Stock, Agricultural Pro
ilucts, Fruits, Vegetables, etc., dt the office ot the
Association, iu the Mechanics' Institute.
For further inlorniatiou see Premium Catalogue,
which w ill be seat to any address free of charge.
LUTHER HOMES.
e*'7 2p Secretary am! Treasurer, New Orleans.
STATE NATIONAL BANK.
(Formerly Louis'ana State Bank.)
Samuel H. Kennedy. President; E. Riguev, Vice
Capital «in CUal Ie3 L C Dui>, i v Ca r
capital, waiio.oiio...................Limit, *1 oeo Ooo.
and bomeetic Exchange bought an.l sold.
Collections made upon all points.
n.fm -5 ?*il K ¥!i. ta received. Gold cheeks for sale on
Bank ot i a.itoiiiia. ,s au Francisco. <M 10 !.n 2n
SINGER'S
SEW IMPROVED
Family Mewing Machine.
THE ONLY RELIABLE MACHINE IN EXISTENCE.
Six Hundred and Fifty Thousand
In daily use is sufficient evidence of its superiority.
all and examine, or send for circular ami samples
of wotk.
WILLIAM E. COOPER CO.,
Nos. 7 and 9 Camp street.
OcU We S« 8u lm General Southern Agents.
CARPET AND OIL CLOTH WARE
HOUSE.
ELKIN Ac CO.*.
Xo. IBS Canal Street.
Are receiving new an<l elegant styles of VELVET,
BRUSSELS, THREE-PLY and INGRAIN CARPKT
I.V1J.3, OIL CLOTHS, WINDOW SHADES, CUR
TAINS. etc. S.-22 Ini 2?
JOHN W. MADDEN,
STATIONER,
LITHOGRAPHER. JOB PRINTER,
AND
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER,
73................Camp street................73
Executes all orders with promptness and dis
patch. )s29
F. NEW H ALL,
40................Camp street................40
Has just received a new and complete stock ot
WALL PAPER and WINDOW SHADES.
All work promptly executed by competent and
experienced workmen. oe!3 lm 2p
NEW ORLEANS SILVER HARE
MANUFACTORY.
Attention is particularly directed to my SILVER
table ware, sach as
SPOONS. FORKS, ETC.
Price* as low as at any Northern manufactory,
and CHEAPER THAN IN ANY HOUSE IN NEW
ORLEANS. Quality and style equal to any. Fail
guarantee* given in all cases. Every description of
Medals, Badges, Military Belt-plates, Sword Mount
ings, etc., manufactured in the most artistic
ner and at low prices.
A. HIMMEL, Propriator,
de4 Iris So. IRS Pordias street
ORLEANS INFIRMARY.
142............Canal Street............]
Conducted liy Drs. CHOPPIN, C. BEARD, D. W.
BRICKKLL and J. D. BRUNS.
Postoffice Box No. 67
Dr. S. CHOPPIN—GENERAL SUROERT Diseases
Of the BLADDER, URETHRA and RECTUM
Dr. C. BEARD— Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
Dr. D. W. BRICKKLL—Medical aud Nurg.cai Dis
eases of FEMALEN.
Dr. J DICKSON BRUNS—Diseases of the LUNGS,
HEART and THROAT.
The best NURSES provided. Fare and accommo
dation FIRST CLASS.
CONSULTATION HOURS from 9 A. M. to 4 P. M.
se"0 lm Zp
REOPENING.
HEWING MACHINES—ALL KINDS.
The pnbllc have long desired tlie establishment
of a Mart, where all kinds of Sewing Machines and
Sewing Machine Findings could be had: where the*
could see and compare the workings of one machiaa
with another, and select from the different make*
the machine beet suited to the use to which they
desired to apply it. To such a Mart we in rite yon
at 139 Canal street. Agents wanted.
noW tptf M. S. HEDRICK. General Agent.
NOTICE.
LOXDOX AXD LANCASHIRE FIRE
IXSUBAXCE COMPANY,
t'J..............Bnrenne Street..............6'J
In reply to the many inquiries made at this office
respecting the amount of risks covered at Chicago
bv the Loudon aud Lancashire, the underaigued.
General Agent, begs to state that outside of the
states of Louisiana nud Georgia the Loudon aud
Lancashire have no agencies,aud hence no risks,
aud are, therefore, fully prepared to take full lines
in this city against lire cn buildings, fur.iture and
all kinds of merchandise anil produce.
K. G. MUSGROVE. General Agent.
New Orleans, October 12,1371. oclJ lw 2dp
SMITH'S PULMONIC SIRUP
AXD LIFE TOXICl
Incomparable for Consumption, Catarrh. Asthma
Bronchitis. Laryngitis, Coughs, Cools, Spitting of
Bioial, etc. May be given to an infant with benefit.
The LIFE TOSIC, made from the same vegetable
product of onr swamps, is uneqnaled for Dyspep
sia. Poor Appetite, Female Irregularities. low
Spirits, Debility, etc. With SMITH S LIVER PILLS,
it isa splendidpreventiveof Chills, Malarial Fevers,
etc. The Sirup ami Tonic may be taken together,
mixed, anil makes a delicious cordial, which isa
singularly effective blood purifier. Almost every
day furnishes new evidence of the triumph of this
new Louisiana remedy, for scrofulous or blood
diseases.
We give a long list of borne references, embracing
some of the most distinguished families in thiscity.
We challenge investigation.
G. II. SMITH CO.
_ _ No. 2u Earoune street.
Western Branch Depot, corner Walnut an.l Fourth
streets, Cincinnati. Ohio. ocl5 Su TuTli lm 2p
1HE WILSON VICTORIOUS
At tlie Great Ohio State Fair.
THE NEW UNDER FEED
WILSOX SHUTTLE SEW1XGMACHIXB.
UnrivjUKi for SIMPLICITY, DURABILITY and
BhAlTY. Easiest to learn and manage. On easy
terms of payment, at TWENTY DOLLARS LESS
than machines controlled by "the mouopo'.v
Warranted to do perfect work. Booms atGjen
eral Southern Agency, No. 189 Cana! street, corner
of Burgundy street. AGENTS WANTED
H. H. TRUE CO.,
dels Sa Nn k Ta It _ Agents.
DOOLEY'S YEAST POWDER
Is now almost universally used in the Kitchen, the
Camp, the Gilley. It is not only the best but toe
Cheapest Baking Powder, and is uneqnaled for the
production of elegant aud wholesome
ROLLS, BISCUITS. BREAD,
Griddle Cukes, Waffles, Dumplings, Ete.i
Composed of the purest aud best materials, snd
put up in. Tins which are, to all intents and pur
poses, impervious to the action of weather and
time.
It Will Keep far Years In Any Climate.
To those who have never used it, we say give it
a fair trial, and our word for it, you will the reai»«w
use no other kind.
Put up in quarter pound, half pound, one pound
aud five pound cans, actual weight.
Sold Generally by Grocers, Ship Chandlers
and Dealers.
DOOLKl BROTHER, Proprietors,
no2o^i> ll It,8Ble Dfp0t 69 Sew 8treef Xew York.
INSURANCE.
JJOPE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS,
INCORPORATED IN 1357.
Office—No. 21 Camp Street.
This Company insures against
FIRE. MARINE AND RIVER RISKS,
At the current rates of Premium
CHAlD ............................President.
....................Vice President
"Otis BARNETT.........................Secretary.
PIUKCTOBS:
M. L. NAVRA
V. ALKXANI
T. N. BLAKE.
fiil-vov K hi-knard
IIKNR 4 PEACH A I'D.
JOHN I. ADAMS
K. MALOCHEK. «<*»OX
FELIX A. DITROS
12 lm
J^AFAYETTK FI UK
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF NEW ORLEAXS,
tnp,tnl
Offlce corner of Sf. Andrew and Maga.ine streets
up stairs; entrance ou St. Andrew street.
INS! RES AGAINST LOSS OR DAMAGE BY FIRS
AT LOWEST RATES.
orrtemts:
RASPAR AUCH, President; ROBERT JACKSON,
Vice President.
Louis Mathis, Secretary; John Purcell, Inspector
PIKKCTOKS:
v Philipp Drumm,
hi H Burton, Henrv Rice,
L. L.Levy,
Florence Pliister,
J. F. Kranz,
Dr. W. B. Wood,
Alfred Shaw,
R. D. Martin,
John Henderson, Jr..
J. M. G. Parker,
W. R. Fi*h,
O. F. Theisman,
Louis Faessel,
Henry Eliermann,
Henry Benael, Jr..
Charles Kunuuel.
Christian Mehle,
B. H. Schene.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Sk/WWWV' A/V'/VWWWWVCA AAA AAy
'yy ALLA IK Be IIOPPIX.
tUUDeWt. ftWHX. WILMA*
STAR COTTON GINNEJ^
Peter* street, between Thalia and
and Ilanier street.
Between Tcbaapitaalns and Peter*,
Onr machinery snd gin stands are new, w;;- a
the latest improvements, with a capacity of tan!
iug out forty bales per day. No delays. A lussl,
of bags always on hand.
We gin for the seed, and guarantee satisfaction.
Highest market price always paid for seed cottag
REFERENCES:
S. B. Newman A Co., A. H. Peale V Co.,
Nalle A Cammack. Hugh Allison k Co..
A. Milteuberger k Co., Barrett k LeSassier,
J. P. Higgins k Co., Garrard, Craig k Co.,
Warren Crawford at Co., John Chatfee sc Brother,
Penn, Pace k Simmons, F. II. Ernest k Co..
Witherspoon. Moss A Co., .3. H. Aby It Co.,
Nelson, Lauphier k Co., J. Burnet k Co.,
Johnson k Goodrich,
Robert Hare,
Nam Stafford k Co.,
Oscar Chopin.
Rensbaw. Cammack k Co.,
Dr. Nam Cboppin.
Orders left at the ginnery, or at our office. No. 14
Union street, will meet with prompt attention.
_ Sel7 fi®
_ Sel7 fi®
^IHAULES G. stHlLZE,
Na. 66 Uravler Street, Xew Orleaaa.
Postoffice Box 1133.
Stereotype and Eleetrstyplag,
Seal Press Engraving. Die Sinking, Stencil Cuttle*.
Des.gni.-m. Agency tor the best Card and Cancel
ing St»0». Red, Black aud Blue Ink, Ribbons for
Hand Stamps, Stencil Plates, etc. First premium
for best Stereotype Plate at last Fair. i*M
pVKSVTH I'MTKD STATES
STANDARD SCALES.
The Strongest .Seale Made.
Every scale warranted, in ever j respect; 250 var
ties, adapted to every branch of busiuee*.
For price list. or aav information, address
Forsyth, kllisox co.
Xo. 31 Tchoupftouias street, Xew Orleaaa.
ee!2eo<13(ii
G
As.
.GAS.
GAS.
The best aud cheapest gas in the city cun be had
by applying at No. 33 Camp street, to
W. B. BOWMAN.
Agent Fairbanks' Scale and Cotton Beamk
Fairbanks k Co. are the authorized agents for
furnishing a.; tne the custom houses, pestomces,
and all public buildings connected with the United
States, with scales, which is satisfactory evidence
that they are the standard for the United State*.
Dost hern Agency at No. 33 Camp street.
aulW 8ra W. u. BOWMAN. Agent.
OttLEAXS CONSERVATORY Of
JJEW OttLEAXS CONSERVATORY Of
MUSIC.
90..............Barssse Street.............. 90
This conservatory is condneted after the plan of
the conservatories of Europe.
For particulars, circulars, and any desired in
formation, apply to the New Orleans Conservatory
of Mnsie, glass box No. 1396. New Orleans, Louis
iana, or persouallv at the Couservatorv.
TllEOPHILUS MAS AC. President.
Rrpkhsxcbs—B ishop J. C. Kenner; Rev. A. 9
Dixon; Rev. E. J. Taylor; Rev. J. B. A. Ahrens; W.
H. Foster, Esq., from Race. Foster k E. T. Merrick:
C. T. Bemiss, Esq.; Dr. William H. Holcombe; A.
Wheeless, Esq., President New Orleans National
Bank; Joseph Ellison, Esq., President Louisiana
Equitable Life Insurance Company; Lloyd R. Cole
man, Esq.. President Mechanics' and Traders' In
surance Compauv; W. M. Pinckard, Esq.; Jacob
Hassinger. Esq.; R. M. Lusher. Esq.; F. Boeder,
Esq., Superintendent; George Foerster, Esq., Edi
tor German Gazette, etc.
bo.skd or issTarcTios.
Mr. Theophilus Maaac. professor of history and
philosophy of music; Mr. Charles Van HtilSea.
piofecsorof vocal music; Miss Carolina Zeiss, profes
sor of vocal music; Mr. Edward F. Groeneveft. pro
fessor of theory ar.d the piano forte; Miss Melanis
May, professor of the piano forte; Miss Eugeni#
Lemoine, professor of the piauo forte; Mr. Alton
so Miari. professor of riute; Mr. Hermann Braun
professor of orchestral instruments. Besides at
efficient number of assistant teachers.
au'26 ly
fJIO FACTOR'S AXD PLANTERS.
KLOPPENBURG'S COTTON GIN STANDS.
4S7.............Decatur JMreer.............4ST
Formerly Victory Street.
NEW ORLEANS. LOUISIANA.
Having made thorough repairs for the new sea
t1 respectfully inform the factors and planters
that I am again prepared to fill all orders for sacks
tor the shipment of seed cottou, which will be for*
nished to responsible parties, as usual, free of
charge
W ill GIN anil BALE COTTON at the same rate as
formerly, viz: For the seed only, and charge lor
bagging ami ties at the market rate.
All ORDERS Will be PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO
if left ia box at No. 2oO Gravier street, corasrsif
Baronue street. Also, lock liov No. 401. Postofflce.
The celebrated E. CARVER It CO'S GIN used.
an22 2 m
JpELACAN FERTILIZER.
THE NEW ORLEANS SANITARY AND FERTILIS
ING COMPANY,
Xo. 19 Ualoa Street, Up Stairs,
t0T delivery their superior FIB
TILIZING COMPOUND, ia quantities to suit pur
cliawn. Certificates from well-known citiasss
characterize it ss superior to Peruvian Gusas;
while It is sold at less thau half the price, ana
has no disagreeable odor. Bend for Circular.
Price of our Pelican No. 1................g3u per too
Price of our Pelican No. t................ 943 per tss
Terms—Cash, or approved city acoeptaaoe, pay
able December 1, 187!.
Alse, EARTH CLOSETS and COMMODES for salt,
ffe'll ly 10 e n n< t*ken »t the office.
JJANIKL CUMMINGS dfc CO.,
(EsTABLisaao a 1830.)
WHOLESALE DEALERS
t*u«
WOODEN WARE.
Boston. MauMch usetti
fJIHE GAS OF THE AGE.
Xew Orleans Hydro-Carbon Gas*
light Company.
This company has just completed a series ot
scientific experiments in the production 01 Hydro
carbon Gas by "Sloper'a patents," and can strongly
recommend these machine* as the simplest,
cheapest and most substantial gas machines ever
offered to the public, producing a gas five tiniss
the illuminating power of city gas, snd at a much
less cost. For churches, balls, sugar-houses and
Country towns this machine can not be surpassed.
Orders for machines left at the company's office.
No. 5 Carondelet street. New Orleans, or with
Messrs. Jocfeush k Co., bankers, Galveston. Texas,
will meet with prompt attention.
J. M. WAGNER, President.
Hbxkt Stbrn, Secretary and Treasurer,
an* 6m
MEDICAL
J)K- F. B. ALBERM,
RESIDENCE NO. 83 ERATO STREET.
Offlce, Xo. 219 Tehoapltoalas Street.
Office liours from 3 to 9 A. M., and fr om t> to 8 P
and 3
-e3 ly
X-j And 31 Canal street, from 1 to 3 o'clock.
de3 ly
JKNTlsT-iis. allbS, No. it Dai sow.
MJ street, near Canal, will attend personally te
all those who may require his services or advio*
Dr. Alien would inform his patients that the But
her plate hereafter made will be from a new cost
pound, free from poisonous ingredients and twic
as strong as the Vermilion Rubber. Old plate
made new at twentv per cent leas than the nan
once. se2S lv»
QH EET l|( INlAb is a one ENT IMPBn.
O ment; replaces the use of the Bitter Sulpha
Quinine, with which all are familiar. Dose for do.
it is warranted fully equal in every way to Bit
Quinine, and like it, ia the one
GREAT, POSITIVE AND UNFAILING CCB«
For all diseases of tualanous origin.
FEVER AND AGUE.
NTEEM1TTENT FEVER,
CHILL FEVER,
RKMMITTS5T FEVER
BILLIOTS FEVS
DUMB A
And the long tram of diaorder* following
whea neglected.
SWEET QUININE
Is matte solely from Penman Bark (so is Bitte
nine), tnertfoi© is oiS vegetable oriinn, aud
mineral poison, but. on the contrary is prove,
oue 01 the elements/otind in the blood of all t
persons.
SWEET QUININE
Acta as an antidote to, as well as a curer to.
na. or miasmatic poison, the absorption oi
by the lungs causes intermittent fevers.#.
oa.y advantage claimed for
SWEET QUININE
over the use of old Bitter Quinine is the 1
•®uce of that inteuse, persistent bitterne.
In the latter, is an insurmountable obsta.
use with moat persons, and always with c
SWEET QUININE
I-* -fi two forma—in powder for the use of
and druggists, and fluid fox use la the L
tot tae general public.
STEARNS, FARR
T KanoCtctudag Chemists, Ne