T HE UNIONJ
TOWBONTOWK, MD.
L >NG*ECKER RROS., Pibmsheks.
Saturday, October 21st, IS7I
KIF'Ir'I.V A UOITM'X, Xo. 4 South Street.
(Oiipini e oil Building,)
Are ie MIL;] Agnh fcr thin Paper in Baltimore.
LOCAL MATTERS.
Narrow Gauge Railr ad to Catossville.
The subject of a narrow gauge railway from Bal
tiair re to Catoosa iile is engaging the attention of
those interested in the matter, and on Saturday
afternoon an informal meeting was bcld at the
office of the German lusuranee Company, on
Second street, at which the subject was discussed
v— prirately, hut it is understood no definite action
was taken. It is learned, however, that the pre
liminary surveys for a route tor the contempla
ted ros i bad been ordered.
A pit'-seq ;ent meeting was held in Balt:tnore
on Wednesday. H. H. Graue, Esq., occupied
the chair, and J. C. Sullivan was appointed
secretary. Mr. Simon, lro.it a committee ap
p. i.t d at a previous meeting, reported that
Mr. V,'. E. Weber had be. u employed as civil
engineer, and submitted his report which shows
the r.iu.e to he from the present term in us ot Wil
keus a a -.jo, east side ot Gwynn’s falls, along
Maiden C-c-me run to Seemu’ler’s road;
thence t!,r mgii Bet-hfield and the property of
Robl. Tavl. r, from wh eh p.iul two lines are
laid i >wn, the souttiern route being through
ti e proper!r of Messrs. English. Gould aud
Wm. J Albert, striking Catonsville on Glena's
estate
T-.e northern route passes through the prop
erty ot I>. 0. Howell, under Maiden's Choice
rcu-i. near Paradise Hotel, crossing the Freder
ick turnpike, thence through Catonsvdle park
rrohniis and the estates of Colonel Jenkins and
Messrs. Armitage and Van BoUkelen, crossing
Inglesi eavenueand terminatinginCatonsville
opposite the Six-Mile House. The southern
route is four and seven-tenths miles in length,
and the cost is estimated at above $62. 000 $19,-
000 for cxca scion. $13,000 for bridges and cul
verts. and $30,000 for superstructure. The
length of the northern route is five miles, and
thccoiof construction is estimated at about
$66,500; $20,80-1 for excavations, $i4,000 for
bridgesand culverts,s3l,7oo for superstructure,
including costs of rails. The cost of right of
way has not yet been ascertained. The rejmrt
goes on to show that the cost of superstructure
at the rate of $6,000 per mile, from Gwynn’s
falls to any point within the city limits, and
also allowances for sidings, must be added to
the above estimate. The profile exhibits an
average rise of 100 feet per mile for both routes,
the maximum being 130 feet. The highest el
evation is 500 feet above the sfarting point, and
about 600 feet above tide. The bridge across
the falls will be 30 feet above the stream, and
18 feet above the highest water ever known in
the falls.
The report was unanimously adopted and the
committee discharged. On motion of Mr. Jas.
MoMiller.n committee, consisting of Messrs. H.
H. Graue, H. Simon, H. J. Farbor, A. G. Meyer
and James Me Mi Her. were appointed to obtain
a charter for the proposed road from the Legis
lature at ii n"xl se-sion, and on motion the
meeting adjourned.
Mahylavp JocEnv *'i,cb Meetisg— Pimlico Ra-
cus —Program ie /so Preparation.— The Mary
land Jockey riun iei.es for 1871 begin next week
at Pi mi co, Tursda October 21 to con’inuethe
following Wednesday. Friday and Saturday in
other words the week will be given to the sports
of *he mrf by many thousands of citizens tind
strangers. At Pimlico, and among sporting
mtn and owners of fast horses -til over the coun
try, the greatest prej aration has been made for
this meeting to make it the brilliant culmination
of a me t memorable year in ihe history of the
turf. The prornoae calls for four races each
day, making sixteen races in all, as follows
Tuesday—Two-mile hurdle race, Reunion
stakes, two n:il-s Ant.ies-Wood stakes, three
quarter mile; Pimlico stakes, two mile heats.
Wednesday—Monumental City Handicap, two
miles; mile beats for Maryland horses; City
Hotel stakes, one acd a-bsif miles Bowie stakes,
four mile heats
Saturday—Two mile hurdle handicap central
stakes, two year olds one mile; consolation
purse, ont dll'! a-ha! miles two mile heat, h .u-
divan, pars* $1,206.
Ttie rack gas be, n an: in excellent order, and
seven imjiMunt ini pro cements have been made
on the gro-jnd since the last fall meeting. Bt-
'ween tt. c in entrance :*.i 1 the grand star.d the
joA?" club have erected an open stand, capable j
of v ci n.mcd'tting fifteen hni .lred person?, which
affoidja fie* view of the racecourse, the price
of admission to which will be 25 cents. The
followici stables are now on the track
W. wing field, of Kentucky, w ho bis Charley
Walker, Aema. Master John, Catins, Frogtown,
Echo. Quictard, ard a grey horse from Kentucky.
Bell, trainer.) l;s Ecliptic, Midday, Wine Sap
ard Eolns. j
F M. Hall, ot Maryland, has Major, John Mer
ramaa. Frank Swift, and a two year old colt by
Eugene.
Gov. Beau- hi* My Maryland, Belle Meade,
Fdw.n P.f-bht and two others. Mr. Ball, of
-.l’ i.:\, has ahr colt, ty DoneiaiJe Col. D.
McDaAel has Joe Dauie's and l iney Woods, to
fee I il'cwtd h-. Harry Bassett, Ahdelkern and
Over r hers Mr. G B. Mau l has Vanda, Han
over uuct cb. c. by Conductor.
Graap Jc.tv liooK ToWioSTowx, Balto Co 1
October 18th, 1871. j
A ic'-ctieg c the Gra.ni Jury was held after the
adjournment d the jur; to t ,ke action in regard
t* ill' h-a-.n o’ Mr John Myers of the 7th dis
trict, ii a rietnber o' toe aforesaid body. On
nu.ti n Mr. G. A Ph'-lps of the 12fh district, was
called >o the eh ilr, end S. C. Heard from the Ist
district, was eho.-cn secretary.
Af,e. appropriate remarks commemorative of
the deceased by Mr John H. Zoock and Dr. John
W. Waugh, ’he following committee was ap
pointed to draft resolutions expressive of the
feeling of the Grand,Jury in relation to ’hedeath
of their late member: John W. Waugh, Edwin
Timanti-’ .and John H. Zouck. W hereupon the j
said co nmit'ee reported the following preamble
and resolutions which were unanimously adopted,
after which the meeting adjourned
H7<.reaj. It lias pleased Almighty God, the Judge
Eternal, to summon Jotix MTEES, our late friend aud
brother juror to appear befoie that Great Tribunal at
whose bar all men must at sometime inevitably come
therefore be it
Afest lvcd, That while we bow with meek submission
to Heaven's will, it is with profound regret we have
beard of the unexpected demise of our recent feilow-as
scciate, who but a few days since met with us in the
discharge of his official duties as a Grand Juryman.
Resolv.d, That while ce deplore his loss as a genial
companion, a kin! friend, an xperienced counsellor, an
honest man. and a worthy ciliaen, we indulge the hope
through the merits of a blessed Christianity t|iat his
soul now rests in peace.
Rewired, That to the bereaved wife and afflicted
children we proffer our cordial sympathy and sincere
condolence it* this time of their giief and sorrow,
earnestly directing them for comfort to that same Great
source to whicu we also now kindly commend them for
snstanance, protection and deliverance, even that Gra
cious and Divine ProviJence which careth for and
ruleth over all.
Resolved That as a testimonial of respectful regard
for the memory of the departed me Grand Jury room
forth" rtmai.ii: g days of oar corporate continuance
snail be drape 1 in mourning.
Resulted, '1 ..a: the aforegoing preamble and resolu
tions 'ie suitably engrossed and presented to the family,
and also be published in the Baltimore county news
papers. J'.JV V,’. Wauoh, 1
i-. wix Tmeses, j Committee.
<UAX li. ZoCCK.
A Just Appreciation of Titr. Value of the
Counti.v Press. Hie following testimonial
‘roiu I. B. D.smore, Es-q., of New York, will be
•end with in’erest, as based upon a varied ex
lerieues in advertising:
“My opinion of the relative value of city
id country newspapers as advertising me
ums, is decidely in ffvor of the country pa
yrs, price sr.d circulation being equal.
‘‘l should prefer to have my advertisement
lserted it. a country paper having 500 eircu
ition rather than have it in 500 copies of a
ity daily paper. The country readers have
•we: na;. ers p'td more leisure,and consequent
y read tbeit papers more thoroughly and take
•ettcr care ol them, while a daily paper a f ter
*eing glanced at is thought no more of thnn
ast year's aimanac. My opinion is ba=ed ou
.welve years' study and experience in the bus-
ness."
Messrs. Job Moses Son, of the same city,
ire among the oldest advertisers in the Up ted
States, und give the.ir testimony as faliowt:
“Al pr an cxoer.ei.c* of twenty-three years
at at advertiser in mary newspapers, it is our
opini' r. that the same S'fount expended for a
advarti ciuent in a large number of country 1
weekly papers pays much better tha u in a
small cumber of city daily and weekly news
papers, i. e., the aggregate circulation being
the Sitae. Our reasons lor this opinion are
that the country weekly is read thoroughly,
and to a certain extent the matter in the ad
vertisement is believed almost as much as the
editorial articles, while the city dailies and
weeklies are not read thoroughly, and the ad
vertisements are known to he advertisements,
and nothing more. Furthermore, the country
newspapers are generally preserved for future
reference, while the city newspapers once read
are seldom referred to afterward. And as re
gards “Patent Medicines” (so-called) it is an
undoubted fact that the country people eon
su~iotli greater portion of those manufactur
ed'’
Sales of Real Estate.— Messrs. Morling a
Gantt, auctioneers, sold on Mondav afternoon
last, on the premises, near Woodberry, Balti
more c' fity, for the Maryland Land and Build
ing AssociViou of Baltimore ejty. one small
dwelling, with lot 2D by 40 feet, with a ground
rent cl $45. f-,r $559; the mansion bouse, con
tf ning 12 rnems, with a lot of about- one acre,
subject to a ground rent of $l5O, for $2,800; al-’
so thirty two lots, 25 by 100 feet, at prices
ranging from SISO to $625. THe sale was con
tinued until dark.
Otstsp. Scppfk.—An oys’er and confectionery
supper will be held al Govanstown XI. E Church,
on the evenings ot October 26tb and 27tb, com
mencing at 4 o’clock. Admission and supper
for one, 75 cents.
The New Methodist Church.—The new Church
is neariug completion, and is almost ready for
dedication. It is nearly fitted for occupation for
divite worship. This enterprise has heretofore
i received the encouragement ofourpen, and now,
ar.ee again we undertake the cheerlul work of
1 gi r ing to our mauy readers a brief description
of this handsome edifice that is and should be a
ide to our townspeople. It is a large, well
pi- portioned, well-built, handsome brick build
iu r, fi- I .tod on the York turnpike, in theNorth
i.i;-ii r of our Leautßul little town. la
lo; gib it is 72 feet, in breadth 48 feet. It is
t*o full stories and well proportioned in every
w< j. Each story is 20 feet or more in the
e’enr. The entrance faces the turnpike and
i: a"ge and commodious. Immediately inside
the main entrance, and which leads directly into
the c macious basement, there are two fine wide
stairways, one leading to the right and the other
to the left, which conduct you up stairs into a
comfortable vestibule, from which you enter a
beautiful, commodious and romfortable audience
room.
The basement is to be used for the Sunday
School and lectures. The entire building is to
be heated by registers and other appliances from
furnaces in the Attached to this part
of the building are four very comfortable rooms,
two front and two back, for class rooms, com
mittee rooms, &c. The church room proper is
furnished with lour entrance doors trom the ves
tibule, opposite each of which is to be an aisle.
Over the vestibule and in the West end of the
church room is a large gallery for the reception
of -he choir and organ and to which a Deat
stairway leads.
A plain, substantial, well-arranged altar and
railing encompass the pulpit and adorn the room.
Five windows in good proportion with the size
of the room and the building admit the sunlight
from each side. I n the ceiling is an opening be
neath w hich a light consisting of twenty jets is
to hang. Immediately over these jets is a circu
lar opening for the purpose of ventilation and a
proper supply ot ftesh air to the room. The en
tir" building is bcnuti'ully Irescoed, the work he
tug well executed and diversified with tastetul
and appropriate figures and designs. The pulpit
rests in a rec*ss in which the frescoing is admi
rably well designed and executed. Over each
wirdow is a beautifully frescoed figure that adds
much to the general appearance of the room.—
The genera! finish of the ehurch is well executed
and strikes an observer as tasteful, appropriate
and well calculated to excite the pleasing in the
individual worshiper.
We will give a further description of it after
its dedication, as it will then be lurnisbed entire
and will present a much more attractive appear
ance than now. It is a building that is an
ornament to the town and should be a pride to
all our citizens.
The First Gun. —According to thecall of the
People’s Mass Meetings, a large and enthusias
tic assemblage of the citizens of the upper por
tion of the county, gave a cordial endorsement
to the People’s movement against the politi
cians, at Parkton, on Thursday afternoon.
There were more than one hundred people
present giving their earnest support to the
movement. Among them were many leading
Democrats of long standing in the party.—
About 2i o'clock the meeting organized by
calling Thomas J. Miller, Esq., to the chair.
Speeches were delivered by Juo. T. Ensor, Esq.,
Maj. John I. Yellott and John R. Buchanan,
Esq. At the conclusion of Mr. Ensor’s speech,
Th< s. J. Hunter, Esq., speaking in behalf of
the opposing candidates, in compliance with an
advertised invitation, undertook to assail the
record of Mr. Ensor, while he was State’s At
torney’ for Baltimore county. The audience
were convinced, when Mr. Hunter’s fire ceas
ed that he hrd opened on the wrong battery.
His charges were so thoroughly rebutted by
Mr. Ensor’s replies to his questions that the
atfuir made Mr. Eusor's record brighter before
the people thau it was before the charges were
made. The Democratic meeting the day pre
vious at XYiseburg had hut a slim attendance,
us have all their meetings we have heard from.
Registered Voters.—The annexed table ex
hibits the pre.’eut total number of white and
cclnred voters in each precinct and district in
this county:
precincts.
7r. e. ir. c. if. a w. c. Tot.
Ist 309 28 902 212 1,292 240 1,522
2d 616 117 733
3<l 624 14 520 108 1,1-44 152 1,296
4„h 714 140 854
f t.i 436 24 460
6*'i 499 6 505
7- i 23L 12 372 46 602 58 660
Bifc 993 147 1,140
9 l 400 37 c9O 35 522 145 1,581 217 1,798
Cis 447 99 546
!ltb 593 190 202 55 765 155 920
12th 445 129 297 145 466 50 1 208 324 1,532
l?th 382 74 456
The total registered vote in 1870 was—white
10.451, colored 1,654, making 12,135. By the
above table it will be seen that the increase
lias been—white 228, colored 69, making 297.
Fatal Accident. —On Friday last, 13th inst.,
Mrs. 11. Leinbach, a German lady about 66
years of age, whilst walking on the Baltimore
ami Ohio Railroad, near the Four Mile House,
Washington Road, was run overby the2o’clock
Express train for Washington. She was get
ting out of the way of a burden train when the
Express struck and instantly killed her. One
ol her legs was brokeu in lour places.. Patrick
O’Brien, one of the Justice of Peace for the
13th District, held an inquest, the jury render
ing it verdict in accordance with the above facts.
SL-e was the mother-in law of the Interpreter
of our Court, Mr. John J. Pilert, and has re
sided in this county for thirty years. She
ieaves two sons and two daughters.
Needs Repairing. —A correspondent ot the Bel-
Air JEgis complains seriously, and with reason,
of the miserable condition of the Bel-Air and
Baltimore Turnpike. He says
How much longer will we he compelled to
travel over the Bt 1-Air and Baltimore Turnpike
and pay toll The toad is almost impassable—
in fact dangerous. Wbai is the remedy There
is t roken stone piled up along the road that has
l>een there for the past four years, to my knowl
edge—a positive obstruction to travel—and which
should have been placed on the road. 1 for one
have paid my last dime for toll, unless the road
is im roved.
Quite an Inducement. —The'Board of Directors
of the Northern Central Railway held a meeting
on the 4th inst., when it was resolved to trans
port ell material lor building houses, by actual
settlers, between Baltimore and Parkton, at cost.
This arrangement will continue until the Ist ol
January, 1874 All material will be manifested
at the full tariif rates, and upon certificate of
the agent of the Railway Company that the same
hes been used in accordance with the terms ot
the resolution, a drawback of 33J per cent, will
be allowed. It is understood that the bouses are
to be huilt within one-half mile of the line of the
railway.
Cancelled Postage Stamps. —The Post Of
fice Department is almost daily in receipt of
letters from various parts of the country, mak
ing inquiry as to the trißb of a current news
paper statement that the government will pay
S3OO to the collector of one million postage
stamps. Of course this statement is utterly
without foundation, and it wrs doubtless start
ed by designing persons to induce the collec
tion of quantities of defaced stamps with the
expectation of (licking them up in large lots at
trifling cost after collectors have ascertained
the futility of the original expectation of sel
ling them to the government.
Dedication —The Dedication services of the
uew- Methodist Episcopal Church in Towsontown,
will take place on Thursday next, October 26th.
Rev.C. N. Sims D. D., will preach at 11 o'clock
A. XI., and Rev. T XI. Eddy D. D., at 7£o’clock
P. M.
Our friends in the city and county are hereby
cordially and earnestly invin-d.
J W. Cornelius, 1 Pastor.
James Boyce, Ch’m of Building Committee.
The New Parsonage belonging to Bentley
Springs Circuit, M. E. Church, was occupied on
Tuesday, the 17th, by Rev. Charles Cleaver,
preacher in ch trge. The parsonage and other*
necessary buildings are the finest in East Balti
more Conference, perhaps in the State. They’
are situated in the most central part of the
I C: -cutt, cti the line f the N. C. R. R., within
fi io minutes walk of Bcntly Springs Station,
r-d’s altogether a most inviting home.
Jatcnsvillr Railway.—A change has been
•u n in the time table of this road for the ac
■a uc a.iiiou ct petsons living along its line who
■vi jh in at end the opera, theatre and other pla
ces of public amusement during the winter. A
car will leave Baltimore et half-past eleven
o’clock each evening during the week. A late
car also leaves Catonsville at 10 P. M.
Lost.— On Thursday of last week, a valuable
horse attached to an .open buggy, escaped from
the owner, Mr. Wra. G. Scott, of Ilarlord coun
ty, whilst on his way from the Brooklandwood
tournament. Nothing has been heard of either
the horse or buggy up to this time, and it is
thought they were stolen. Xlr. Scott also lost at
the same time a valuahle gold watch.
Grand Concert. —A grand vocal and instru
mental concert will be given at Waverly Hall,
York road, on Friday evening Oct. 27th, by
some of the best professional and ametcur tal
ent of the city. The programme embraces
some elegant selections and a rich musical
treat may be expected.
Larb Corn.—Mr. Benj. Kendig of the 4th dis
trict, has presented ns with a specimen of corn
grown by him, wiiicb for size, &c., 1 walks off
with ervthing in the same line we have yet seen.
Some of the errs have over 1400 grains upon
them.
Look Herb !—A people’s Mass Meeting will
be held in the square in this town on Saturday
night next, commencing at 7 o’clock sharp. Turn
out, and see and hear for yourselves.
Circuit Court for Baltimore County.
AUGUST TERM, 1871.
Before Hons. liichard Grason and Geo. Yellott,
Judges Wm.S.Kccch. Esq., Stale’s Attorney.
Friday, Oct. 13.
State vs. John Abrahams, indicted for assault
ing Deputy Sheriff Walter Burke—tried before
the court; adjudged not guilty. Joseph Walker
vs. Philip Gladfelter removed to Superior Court
of Baltimore citv. Wm. Harris vs. Audrew
Merie and John Knapp judgment extended in
favor of plaintiff for $lO5.
Saturday, Oct. 14.
State vs. Moses Hogcdeu, indicted for acting
as a merchandise broker without license, removed
from Criminal Court of Baltimore city tried
some time since and found guilty, and motion
for a new trial filed motion granted. Joseph
League, John Ahrens, Benjamin Wilson, Wm.
Hughes, James Bouldin and John Wheeler, in
dicted for the murder of the unknown woman at
Chase’s station, were arraigned and pleaded uot
guilty, and the case fixed for trial on Monday
Oct. 30.
Monday, Oct. 16
State vs. Edward Green colored, indicted for
larceny tried before the court no judgment, the
court being divided. State vs. Thomas Arthur,
indicted for selling liquor ou Sunday two cases
the defendant pleaded guilty in one case, and
was fined S2O and costs, and in the other case it
stet was entered on payment of costs by defend
ant. State vs. Wm. H. Knight, indicted for let
ting two prisoners escape tnotiOD to quash the
indictment; motion overruled. Several cases
which were fixed for trial were postponed on ac
count of the absence of witnesses. The court
gave notice that on next Xlonday, the 23d inst.?
the civil docket would be taken up and the call
of it resumed. The assignment for .Monday is
from No. 211 to No. 246, inclusive.
Tuesday, Oct. 17.
State vs Edward Brown, indicted for selling
liquor on Sunday the defendant pleaded guilty
and was fined S2O and costs State vs. Joseph
Bowen, Geo. Preston and Jacob Hawkins, al!
colored, indicted for assault with intent to mur
der Geo. Ginneman motion by Boweo for a
severance motion granted. State vs. Joseph
Bi.wen tried before a jury verdict guilty not
sentenced. State vs. Geo. Preston and Jacob
Hawkins; tried before a jury; verdict guilty as
to George Preston and not guilty as to Hawkins.
State vs Charles H. Thompson, indicted for an
assault with intent to murder removed from the
Criminal Court of Baltimore city postponed ou
account of absence of Milton Whitney. Esq., de
fendant's counsel. State vs. George W. Davis;
tried before a jury and found to be insane and a
pauper. John W. Myers, one of the grand jurors
from the 7th district, died this morning, and
Wm. Slade, from the same district, was drawn
to serve in his place.
Wednesday, Oct. 18.
Slate vs. Spencer G. Mark, indicted for lalse
pretenses; removed from the Criminal Court of
Baltimore city tried before Ihe court; adjudged
not guilty. State vs. same, indicted for forgery
removed from same court; tried before a jury
verdict, not guilty.
Thursday, Oct. 19.
State vs. .Mrs. Long, indicted for selling liquor
on Sunday the defendant pleaded guilty and
was fined S2O and costs State vs. Christian
Spangler, indicted for selling liquor without
license; plea of not guilty confessed by the State.
Stets were entered by the court in the following
cases, in which several Dench warrants had been
issued and returned not lound, the defendants
having fled the State or secreted themselves
Wm. Brown, murder; Joseph Eiwood. murder;
Elizabeth Caspair, larceny; Charles Braum, re
ceiving stolen goods; Patrick Sweeny, assault
and battery, two cases: Wm. Holliday, colored,
larceny, two cas.*s, and one case for breaking
jail.
Letter from Washington.
Washington, D. C., October 15th, 1871.
The weather still continues fine,anil business of near
ly all kinds is beginning to be very active. New
streets are being made, old one s graded and paved,
sewers made and repaired, shade trees set out- all
through the instrumentality of our new Territorial Gov
ernment. New buildings are springing up rapidly in
all parts of the city.
Tlie report from the State elections just held, are most
gratifying to the ardent Republicans in Washington.—
The Inca' ouarrels in Pennsylvania among some of the
Republican heads, caused some to believe that the De
mocrats wouid carry the State, and, consequently, no
inconsiderable amount of betting has been done by the
undaunted Democracy. Dut now it is all over, however,
and a general good feeling seems to prevail with both
Democrats and sore-headeu Republicans alike.
The efiect that the rece.it Republican victories wilt
have on the Nove.jbur elections are being folly dis
cuss'd especiai.y those of .\ev. York aud New Jersey.
But little hopes were there six months ago of carry
ing New Jerjey, and none et all of carrying New
York State: but now even tour can be had that
the Republicans will carry both States; New York by
at least fifteen thousand m jority. With the settle
ment of the Greeley-Murphy difficulty- it is conceded
here by even the Democrats that it would go overwhelm
ingly Republican.
The Bureau of Engraving and Printing under the able
management ol Geo B. McCartec, Superintendent, is
lately in receipt from the National H ink Note Company
of New York, one-eii ht, one-sixth, one fourth and one
half barrels beer stamps tinted the face work are being
done in the Bureau here Alan-‘tax paid stomps,'’ tile
tints of which are executed at the Continental Bank
Note Company in New York, are received, aud both
stamps will be ready, complete, tor issue in two or three
days.
The one-eighth has upon its face the portrait of An
drew Jackson: one-sixth, that of Lincoln; one-fourth,
ttiat of Daniel Webster; and one-haif, Gen. Sherman.—
Of the tax paid stamps, of forty and sixty- gallons, the
former has upon its face the portrait of Gen. Scott, the
latter. Hamilton. The face work of these arc also done
in the Bureau here, and your correspondent believes it
is the Lest he has ever seen. Gen. Scott, from his person
al knowledge of the General’s looks is superior beyond
a doubt. The portrait of General Baker, killed at Balls
Bluff, has also been executed in the Bureau, which is
con-idcred by the Secretary (Boutwell) and General
Spinner, intimate the General B. say
it is the finest they have ever seen
It is now no longer denied by any one here, of either
party, that there are Ku Klux in the South, and that
the only object these Ku Klux have is to intimidate the
loyal people, both white and black, to the end that ex
rebel Democracy may again reign supreme; that they
acknowledge no Constitution or law that does not give
them indisputed right to rule the cnluied man as Dest
suits their selfish purposes. Union men arriving in
Washington daily say that the recent exposure of Ku
Kluxism has so far had the effect ouly to make the Ku
Klux Klau shy; and that there can he no duubt that
they are still ui.daunt'd and determined in their ef
forts to torture and murder the Union men.
The U. S. Marshal of N. C just arrived in Washing
ton, states that as yet none of the leaders of the K'an
have been arrested. He believes that it is necessary be
fore there can be any safety o a Union man in his State
to arrest B,COO or 10,000 i f there matinidcrs The Mar
shal and his deputies have nearly ail been indicted by
the Stale court in consequence of their earnest effort to
put down KuKluxistn, but there seems but little dan
ger of their prosecution before they shall have time to
do the effective work of demolishing Ku Kluxism.
Contrihu'i'ns to the fond for the relief of the Chicago
sufferers are being rapidly made. Fully one hundred
acd fifty thousand dollars, it is thought, will be raised
and forwarded to Chicago. The clerks in the different
departments are contributing generously. Several of
the Republican State associations, in addition to the
contributions made by their members in their respective
offices have convened and assessed themselves from $5
to sls each.
’('he friends of Paymaster Hodge are quite sanguine
that the sentence of ten years to the penitentiary is il
legal by virtue of an act of Congress passed July 17th,
18t>2, which limits the authority to impose such a sen
tence to cases where by law the same court has power
to inflict the punishment of death. Such also seems to
be the prevailing opjnion among the best lawyers here,
and it is thought that a writ of habeas corpus will be re
sorted to, to liberate him from imprisonment.
The prize-fighter. Bolster, who has been once tried
and convicted of murder fur the shooting and killing in
the public streets of Washington on the2'2d of February
lust, a noted gambler know as “Sonny James,” having
been granted a new trial, has just been found guilty of
manslaughter. His counsel has prevailed upon the
judge to stay sentence until they shall have argued a
motion to discharge the prisoner on plea of irregularity
in the verdict of toe jury, the jury having neglected
to state in their verdict tin t the prisoner was not found
guilty as indicted, but simply brought in the verdict of
manslaughter without referring to tlie indictment. It
is generally beiiovtd, howcv -r. that the petition will he
ignored and that this ex-prize lighter, thief and woman
beater will be compelled t" pay a visit to Gen. Pillsbury,
keeper of the Albany Penitentiary. Life.
Proposals for Building a Bridge.
Commissioners’ Office,
Towsontown, Oct. 13th, 1871. J
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
this office until 12 M., November 13th, 1871,
for the building of an OPEN WOODEN
BRIDGE over the Gunpowder Falls, at Meri
dith’s Ford, on the Burr Truss plan, of the fol
lowing dimensions
The length of span of said bridge is to be one
hundred aud sixty (160) feet in leugtii, full
fourteen (14) feet wide in the clear, the floor
ing to be two aud one-half (2£) inches in thick
ness of the best quality white pine or white
oak timber, the upright posts to be of first
quality timber, and to bo sufficient in its
character in strength and height to admit of a
roof at some future j eried, all of the timber
must be of the very bt 3tquality, the abutments
to be six feet r.nd one-half (6J) in thickness at
the bottom, five (5) feet at the top, and to be
eighteen (18) feet in length, the abutments
must be built of the best quality of large stone,
aud each course must be firmly bound with
stone not less than four (4) feet in length, and
not less than six (6) inches in thickness, the
upper corners of the abutments to be built
circular in shape, the abutments to be sixteen
(16) feet high from the lowest surface of the
water, and sufficient depth to obtain a firm
foundation, the wing walls to be three and one
half (34) feet in thickness, commencing at the
rear part of the abutments and tapering two
(2) feet at each end to be sufficient in length to
contain all the filling that may be necessary to
a good and easy grade* the wing walls to be
caped with good flat stone not less than two (2)
inches in thickness, to cover the top of the en
tire walls and be fastened down with good and
strong iron dogs or clamps, all of the stone work
to be laidinthebestqualityofhydraulicceraent
with (he following proportions: one-half cement
and one-half good sharp sand, the bridge to be
anchored down with iron bars to extend at
least ten (10) feet down from the top of the
abutments, the wing walls to extend three (3)
feet high above the entire length of the filling.
The cost of the filling will be included in the
bids for the bridge. Contractors will be allow
ed the privilege to use the stone in the old
bridge for the wing walls only. The bridge
will be located a short distance above th old one
(see pegs.) The briilge most be built according
to the above plans. No extras will be allowed
The Commissioners reserve to themselves the
right to reject all or anv bids offered.
FRANCIS C. FOSSETT,
BENJ. GOASUCH,
dan’l j. McCauley,
Oct. 14. —td. Commissioners.
Miscellaneous.
To one officer SIO,OOO more
than the faw allows!!!
Bills against the county one hun
dred times larger than necessary.
thousands of dollars illegally ex
tracted from the County Treasu
ry for Bench Warrants, Peace
Warrants and Attach
ments for Wit
nesses
Enormous charges made
without warrant of law!
The counf y and indi
viduals alike flic
victims!
The Peoples’ Mass Meetings!
TO BE HELD AS FOLLOWS
SHAWAN,
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20th. at 7 P. M.
COCKEYE3VILLE,
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 21st, at 1 P. M.
AVRIGHT’S HOTEL, LONG GREEN, lltli
District,
MONDAY, OCTOBER 23d, at 1 P. M.
BLACKSTONE’S HOTEL, PHIL. ROAD,
MONDAY, OCTOBER 23d, at 7 P. M.
BLUE BALL TAVERN, Pith District,
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24th, 1 P. M.
CANTON,
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24tb, at 7 P. M.
WETHEREDSVILLE,
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25th, at 7 P. M.
wooDrerp.y,
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26th, at 7 P. M.
WAVERLY,
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27th, at 7 P. M.
TOWSONTOWN,
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2Stb, at 7 P. M.
WHILHELM’S STORE, near WHITE HOUSE,
st.b District,
MONDAY OCTOBER 30th, at 1 P. M.
TRENTON,
MONDAY, OCTOBER 30th. at 7 P. M.
BECKLEYSVILLE,
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 31st, at 10 P. M.
MIDDLETOWN,,
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31st, at 7 P. M.
MONKTON,
WEDNESDAY,NOVEMBER Ist, at 1 P.M.
SMITH’S HOTEL. YORK ROAD,
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER Ist. at 7 P. M.
GILLERMAN’S. 13th district,
THURSDAY, NOVEXIBER 2nd, at 7 P. M.
ELLICOTT CITY,
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3rd, at 7 P. M.
These meetings will be addressed by the
peoples’ candidates, and the candidates of the
opposing party are respectfully iu vi ted to meet
them in joint discussion.
LEONARD G. QUINLAN,
Chairman.
MONEY CANNOT BUY nT
For Sight is Priceless
BUT THE DIAMOND SPECTACLES WILL
PRESERVE IT.
W" E now offer a Glass to the public which
is pronounced by the most celebrated opti
cians of the world to be the most perfect, nat
ural artificial help to the human eye ever known.
They are ground under our own supervision,
at our own manufactory in New Haven, and
are so constructed that the core or centre of the
lense comes directly in front of the eye, pro
ducing a clear and distinct vision, as in the nat
ural healthy sight, and prevents all unpleas
ant sensations, such as glimmering and waver
ing of sight, dizziness, &c., peculiar to all oth
ers in use.
Titese Glasses are manufactured from minute
crystal pebbles, melted together, and derive
their name, “Diamond,” on account of their
hardness and brilliancy.
These Glasses are mounted in tlie finest man
ner, at our own manufactory, in all styles of
Gold, Silver, Steel, Rubber aDd Shell Frames,
of the best quality.
Their durability cannot be surpassed, and
their finish is such as will suit the most fas
tidious.
None genuine unless bearing our trade
mark, stamped on every frame.
For sale by the pricipal Opticians and Jew
elers throughout the country. Manufactured
by J. E. SPENCER A CO.,
Pbactical Ofticians, New York.
FOR SALE BY
X,.A-3?t:ivrOTTK. &c CO-,
DEALERS IN
American Swiss Watches,
DIAMONDS,
FINE JEWELRY.
SOLID SILVER,
SILVER PLATED WARE, Ac.,
!Vo. 195 West Baltimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Mi>.
April 15,1871.—1 y.
KITCHEN
CRYSTAL SO-A-iF.
The Best Soap Ever Introduced for Cleaning
and Polishing Purposes
WILL clean all kinds of Tin, Earthen and
Iron Ware, Ranges, Cooking Stoves. Pots
and Kettles, Marble Tables and all Metals, by
using a common dishcloth, as quickly as you
can wash and wipe them. For cleaning and
restoring paint it is unrivalled. As it is a
mineral soap, more paint cau be cleaned with
it satistaeiorily than any article now in use,
leaving the paint hard and white, no matter
how much or little is used. Superior for clean
ing Knives and Forks, leaving no dust or dirt
after its use.
To Mechauics, Laborers, Workingmen, Book
keepers, Clerks, and others, who are more or
less engaged in using ink, this soap is of the
greatest benefit. For removing ink, pitch, ce
ment, varnish, paint, wheel grease, audall im
purities and stains from the hands, it is oxcel
ent aud unequalled. It is the best that can be
used in the Counting-House, Office, Workshop
or Kitchen. Try it and you will be satisfied
that it is “ne plus ultra” for washing hands ano'
ro one should be without it.
Any quantity of references and recomenda
tions can be given trom persons who have used
it; but as all will wish to try it, we now offer
it to the public upon its own merits.
Every Housekeeper should be certain to use
it, as it is of great value for all Kitchen pur
poses (washing clothes excepted.) The Price
is very low.
BY ALL GROCERS. Wholesale
Agent for Maryland and D. C.,
C LEWIS DUNLAP,
March 4, ’7lly. 13 W. Baltimore Street.
New fall dress goods,
JUST OPENED!
Black Alpaca, high lustre, 31 cts., worth 45.
Black Alpaca, 37 cts., worth 50.
Black Alpaca 50 cts., worth 75.
Black Alpaca 62 cts., worth sl.
Scotch Plaids 31 cts., worth SO.
Black Silks $1.50, worth $2.
Heavy Black Silks $1.50, worth $2.
Heavy Black Silks $1.75, worth $2.50.
Colored Alpaca 20 cts., worth 24.
Heavy Cassimere for mens'ruits. 75 cts.
Heavy Cassinet 37i and 50 cts.
Fine Cassimere sl, worth $1.25.
Fine Heavy Cassimere $1.50, worth $2.
Fino Opera Flannel, all colors, 60 cts.
Heaviest Red Twilled Flannel 50 cts.
Wide Black Velveteen, very fine, $1.2 5
Best Androscoggin Muslin 164 cts.
Laurel D. Brown Muslin 12J cts.
Best Hamilton Canton Flennel 18$ cts
Heavy Blankets $4.50 and $5 a pair.
Linen Shirt Bosoms 37 cts., worth 75.
Best Shirts, made to order, of Wamsutta or
New York Mills muslin and finest linen bos
oms. Guaranteed to fit, and made iu the best
manner, for $2.25.
Best Shirts, made in the host, manner, $2.
Heavy Canton Flannel Drawers, well made,
87 cents.
Heaviest Red Twilled Flannel Shirts $2.
our ready made goods are our own
make, and we guarantee them made as well as
is possible to make them.
SHAWLS—large lot of very handsome square
Shawls, just received, only $5. at
McGINNISS’,
Oct. 7.—ly. 8T West Baltimore Street.
HARDWARE! HARDWARE
Nicholas Whittle,
(Successor to D. Henderson,)
146 Forrest Street, near Hiilen,
BALTIMORE.
KEEPS CONSTANTLY ON HAND a selec
ted assortment of
BUILDERS AND OTHER HARDWARE,
CARPENTERS TOOLS, TABLE A POCKET
CUTLERY, Horse Shoes. Nails and Rasps
Nail Rods, Strap Iron, Safety Fuse, Gun Caps,
Ac., Ac. Also, Stewart’s and Ten Eyck Axes.
SMITH AND ATWOOD PLUG PLOWS
AND CASTINGS.
patronage of the r eople of Balti
more countv i 9 respectfully solicited.
Sept. 30. isri.— ly.
H AI, LI 111 E
IN LARGE QUANTITIES, AT THE LOW
EST RATES. Apply to
JOHN CAVANFY,
May 20.—6m* Texas-
Property Sales.
TRUSTEE’S SALE
OF
VALUABLE PROPERTY.
BY virtue of a decree of the Circuit Court
for Baltimore county, sitting in equity,
the undersigned, Trustee, will offer at public
auction, on the premises, on
Saturday, 21sf day of October, A. D. 1871,
at 3 o’clock P. M
Af&m ALL THAT VALUABLE TRACT
flag OR PARCEL OF LAND, R|ssl
in the Tenth Election Dis-JHa.
trict of Baltimore county, on the Old Manor
Rjad, about nine miles from Towsontown, aud
one mile from Sweet Air, formerly known as
WEBB’S OLD TAVERN STAND.
This property adjoins tin) lands of Robert
Piper Esq., ana others.
TWELVE ACRES OF THIS LAND,
more or less, lies on the west side of the Old
Manor Road, and
FIVE ACRES,
more or less, lies on the east side of the Manor
Road and immediately at the intersection of
the Manor Road and the Road leading to Long
Green.
This property is situate in a fine neighbor
hood—within two miles of the Long Green
Catholic Church, and about the same distance
of an Episcopal Church—and convenient to
Schools, Store, Ac.
The Dulaney’s Valley and Sweet Air Turn
pike, a fine driving road, passes by the door.
This property is improved by a good, com
fortable
FRAME DWELLING HOUSE,
Stabling, Corn House, and all other necessary
buildings. The land is in a high stateofculti
vation and enclosed by good and substantial
fences. This place has bceu successfully kept
as a hotel and store and is one of the ber.t
stands for a Public House in the county.
Altogether considering the location and the
high state of improvement of the land, tUis
place is very desirable.
This property will be offered in a body and
if not sold will then be offered in two parcels,
to wit:
No. 1, Containing Dwelling House and out
buildings, 12 ucresof land, with improvements.
No. 2, Containing 5 acres of land corner lot
lying immediately at the intersection of Manor
Road with Long Green Road. A beautiful lot
for public improvements.
The Terms of Bale as prescribed by the de
cree, are—That one hall ofthe purchase money
shall be paid in eash on the day of sale and
the balance in tavelve months from day of sale,
the credit payment to bear interest from day
of sale with security approved by the Trustee.
This property is being sold because the
parties are about to leave the county.
R. R. BOARMAN, Trustee.
JAMES W. OWINGS, Auctioneer.
Sept. 23. ts
TRUSTEE’S SALE
OF
VALUABLE PROPERTY IN CANTON,
AT THE TERMINUS OFTHE
CITY RAILWAY.
BY virtue of a decree of the Circuit Court
for Baltimore county, the undersigned
trustees, will sell at public auction, on the
premises, on
Monday, October "M)th, 1871,
at 3 o’clock, P. M.,
the following described property
rffc- ALL THOSE TWO LOTS AND
fegP PARCELS OF LAND,
_3£jlying in Baltimore county, begin-JLJjL
ning for the first lot at the corner formed by
tbe intersection of the south side of Elliott
street with the cast side of East Avenue, and
running thence east ou Elliott street forty leet,
with a depth of seventy-five feet, described in
a lease from the Canton Company to John A.
Wagner, dated June 9th, 1855, and recorded in
Liber, 11. M. F., No. 12, folio 140, and subject
to an annual ground rent of sixty dollars.
And beginning for the second lot on the
south side of Elliott street, next adjoining the
first lot, and running thence east on Elliott
street ten feet, with a depth of seventy five feet,
as described in a deed in fee simple fiom said
Canton Company to said Wagner, dated Feb
ruary 9th, 1857.
This properly is immediately adjacent the
city limits, and possesses all the advantages of
city property without city taxation.
It is improved by a substantial
TWO STORY BRICK TENEMENT HOUSE,
and outbuildings with a frame shed attached
to the main building, used as a bar room and
lager heer saloon, and is admirably located for
business, being opposite the terminus of the
city cars.
Terms of Sale as prescribed by the Decree
are :—One-half cash on day of sale, and
balance in six mouths with interest, to be
secured to the satisfaction of the trustees, or ail
eash at the optiou of the purchaser.
J. A. L. McCLUEE,)
D. G. McINTOSH, V Trustees.
J. T. ENSOR, J
Oct. 14.—ts
MORTGAGEE’S SALE
OF
HOUSE AND LOT ON THE FRED
ERICK ROAD.
BY virtue of the powers in a mortgage from
John Walter and wife to George Henry
Drainer, dated Decembei 6th, A. D. 1569 and
recorded among the mortgage records of Bal
timore county, in liber E. H. A., No. 38. folio
196, 4c., the undersigned Trustree will offer
for sale on the premises,
on Friday, October 27th, 1871.
at 12 o’clock M.,
ALL THAT PIECE OF LAND,
described as follows :—Beginning for the same
at the distance of 68 feet northwardly from the
northernmost corner of the Garrison Forrest
lioad and the Frederick Turnpike Road and at
tbe southwesiernmost corner of a street 25 feet
wide, and running thence southerly binding
on said Gar; ison Forrest Road 15 feet: thence
westwardly parallel with said street to the
westernmost outline of the whole laud of W. 11.
Btinson thence northwardly parallel with tbe
Gan iron Forrest Lane 13 feet to tbe southern
most side ot said 25 foot street; and thcuce east
wardly bounding thereon to the place of be
ginning, subjeettoa ground rent 0t519.50. Im
proved by a comfortable two-story
BRICK HOUSE.
TERMS OF SALE—CASH.
GEO. HENRY BRAMER, Trustee.
SLINGLUFF 4 SLINGLUFF,
Attorneys lor Trustee
JOHN S, BIDDISON, Auctioneer.
Sep. 30.—tf
POSTPONED PUBLIC SALE
OF
VALUABLE STOCK, NEAR TOW
SONTOWN.
THE undersigned will sell at public sale on
her premises, near Towsontown, on
Monday, October 23 d. 1871,
at 10 o’clock, A. M.,
The following valuable stock, Ac., to wit;
TMatnca, between 20 and 30 COWS *S\
and
—2lj —Jl some of them thorough- .(Lf J_
bred, the others one-half and three-quarters
Alderneyt. Also, one very fine thorough bred
Alderney BULL, about six years old.
Also, 2 fine four year old COLTS.
Also. 1 four-ffiorse broad-tread Wagon, and a
number of other articles not necessary to men
tion.
TERMS OF SALE.—AII sums of SSO and
under cash, on all sums over that amount a
credit ol four months will be given, purchas
ers giving notes with approved security, bear
ing interest from the day of sale.
pßs For further information apply to Fran
cis Potee, who resides on the premises.
Mlfe. EDDOCIA STANSBURY.
Oct 14.- ts.
Hotel Property for Sale.
A HOTEL PROPERTY in the thriving
town cf Cambridge, Dorchester county,
Aid., doirg the best hotel business in the
place. Hotel is 65 ft. front, 3 stories l igh, pB
25 rooms and large dry cellars. StablingXUß.
(new) will accommodate 100 horses; Ice, Corn,
Poultry, Harness aud Wood Houses, Ac., al! in
excellent order. Garden with choice Fruits
und Flowers. For sale a bargain. Terms
One third cash, balance 1,2,3 and 4 years cred
it, with interest.
HENRY W. COOKE,
9 Law Buildings, St. Paul street,
Oct. 7. —tf. Baltimore.
Farm on Salt Water.
A FINE FARM, beautifully situated on
Salt Water 3J miles broad iu front of house
with half a mile shore frout; abounding with
finest Fish, Oysters, Terrapins aud
jjjgfi*Wild Fowl. Good Dwelling and all
*"*4** necessary outbuildings, good Water. jlLi
and one of the healthiest and besi situated pla
ces on the shore; 2C5 Acre? Land iu high state
of cultivation; five minutes from steamboat
landing and 31 miles from one of the most
flourishing towns ou the Eastern Shore of Ma
ryland. For sale, with immediate posses don
if desired, by HENRY W. COOKE,
9 Law Buildings, St Paul St.,
Oct. 7.—tf. Baltimore. Md.
MILTON ACADEMY.
An English and Classical Boarding
School for Boys.
PHILOPOLIS, BALTIMORE CO., Mn.
2S9“For Circulars containing Terms,
address ROBERT CHALFANT, A. M.,
Sept. 30.—4 t. Principal.
Property Sales.
For Sale.
ACRES Valuable Land, 3 miles from
/iUßaltimore city limits, and near the 1 im-
Jico Race Course, situated on Mount
Washington Avenue, midway between Sjja
Ueisterstown Road and Green Spring Av-
viiue. Land all under cultivation, except a
i-inall grove at the house. Soil first rate,
j' rame Dwelling 34x20, back building 30x20,
u l l built within a few years and in good repair,
itall, parlor, sitting room, dining-room, pan
try and kitchen on first floor, and seven cham
bers above. Barn, carriage-house, tenant
house, dairy, ice-house, full of ice, Ac. Large
variety of fruit. The contemplated Railroad
from Baltimore to Pikesville will pass through
one end of the place. Terms accommodating.
For sale by HENRY W.OOOKE,
9 Law Buildingß,St. P.tul St.,
April 15.—tf. Baltimore.
For Sale, a Nice Little Farm,
CONTAINING SIXTY ACRES OF LAND,
55 cleared and in a good state of cultiva
'§-tion, balanco in fine Timber, situ-
Sit St*; tied in Baltimore county, one mile Blijl
>^k from Long Green postoffice, oneJUIA
quarter of a mile from the Dulaney’s Valiev
turnpike and fifteen miles from Baltimore, ad
joining lands of John Halo and others. The
‘properry is well fenced, well supplied with wa
ter, and has an abundance of choice fruit, ibe
improvements consist of a good DWELLING
HOUSE, Bank Barn 55x45 feet, Wagon Shed,
and other necessary outbuildings. Apply to
HENRY L. BOWEN,
Real Estate Agent, Towsontown.
Aug. 72.—tf.
Farm For Sale.
A FARM of 451 acres in Dulaney’s Valley,
4 miles from Towsontown, 1 mile from Du
laney’s Valley turnpike. Soil tine sandy loam,
all arable land and easily worked; well
adapted to corn, oats, wheat, vegetables, jSSp
grapes, berries, Ac. Land divided into _fc
4 fields with Water in each. New two story anu
basement Stone Dwelling, 32x18 feet, witli tin
roof, 6 rooms and fine cellar. Log Stable 16
feet square. Hen house, spring house, Ac. A
t pring of excellent water near the house. There
is also on the place a lime kiln and a marble
quarry. Situation vory healthy. Apnly to
HENRY W. COOKE,
9 Law Buildings, Baltimore, Md.
June 17.—tf.
Frederick County Farm.
IWARM of 132 Acres ip Frederick county,
two miles from Mount Airy, Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad; 30 Acres in timber; land
in good farming order, and divided into ten
fields under good fencing; water in seven Q
fields. Has a two story; frame Dwelling IflSj
36x16 feet, with log back building 26xl8jKil&
feet, containing eight rooms; one tenant House,
Barn and Stable, Carriage, Ice, Corn, Hog and
Spring House; fine Orchard of five acres in
prime of bearing; first-rate Spring of Water.
For sale by
HENRY W. COOKE,
9 Law Buildings, St. Paul st.,
Sept. 3 —tf. Baltimore, Md.
House and Lot in Middletown at
Private Sale.
riTHE undersigned offers at private sale his
HOUSE AND LOT, situated in fes-A
the village of Middletown, sixth dis-ljfigfiß
trict, Baltimore county. The lot con- !sijHL
tains ONE AND THREE QUARTERIiiiSMi
ACRES, and is improved by a good two-story
BRICK HOUSE, a Shop suitable for a wheel
wright or cabinet maker, and other outbuild
ings. Also a fine Apple Orchard, good water,
Ac. Terms reasonable. Address
JOHN E. BULL,
Union Meeting House, Baltimore co.
Sept. 30.—6 m.
A VERY VALUABLE FARM AT
PRIVATE SALE,
CONTAINING FOUR HUNDRED AND
FIFTY-TWO ACRES, situated in Balti
more county, Maryland, adjoining the JmhA
village of Sweet Air, and uowffy~?s£
*JjgP"<'(Mipie,l by Samuel B. Laws htllHL
*C*More than half of it is
I.' UA VILY TIM BE RED, of the original growth,
a.id the be3t in the county, if not in the State.
Consists of Oak, Hickory, Poplar, Ac.
jjZSg-Priee $75 per acre.
Address B M. EVERHART,
Oct. 7.—4t* West Chester, Pa.
FOR SALE OR RENT.
i FIRST CLASS RESIDENCE, in Towson
x\.tcwn. Rooms 19x15 feet with ceilings 10
tad 11 ft high and hall, with grounds attach
e l 1:.2x150 ft. set in nice grass, with shade trees,
f vergreens, Ac. Also fruit trees. Possession
y iveu immediately. Apply to H. L. BOWEN,
Property Agent, Towsontown. [April 22,-tf
r v wan, ii
SSTSRIFF’S
ELECTION NOTICEJ
notice is Hereby Giyen,
15 tO ib Qualified Voters of Baltimore coua
-8 ty, that an Election will be held in'.said
county, ou
The First Tuesday Kext After the First
Monday of November, 1871,
it being the 7th day of said month, in the sev
eral Districts of Baltimore county, viz
First District.—lst Precinct—THßEE-MILE
HOUSE, FREDERICK TURNPIKE. 2d Pre
cinct —CATONSVILLK.
Second District—R.-vNDALLSTO WN.
Third District.—First Precinct—OLD HAM
METT HOUSE, REISTERSTOWN ROAD
Second Preciuct —7 .MILE HOUSE, REIS
TERSTOWN ROAD.
Fourth District—REISTERSTOWN.
Fifth List.—WILHELM S STORE, BLACK
ROCK.
Sixth District—MIDDLETOWN.
Seventn District.—First Precinct—AT THE
HOUSE OF ELI S. SAMPSON. Second Pre
cinct—PLEASANT HUNTER’S II OTE L,
WISEBURG.
Eighth District—COCKEYSVILLE.
Ninth Dist.—lst Precinct—COLD SPRiNG
HOTEL Second Precinct—HAMPDEN VIL
LAGE, FALLS ROAD. Third Preoinot—
TOWSONTOWN.
Tenth District—SLADE’S TAVERN.
Eleventh Dist.—First Precinct—WßlGHT’S
TAVERN, HARFORD ROAD. Second Pre
cinct— W’M. BLACKcTONE’S, RIDGELY’S
FORGES, PHILADELPHIA ROAD.
Twelfth Dist.- First Precinct —MICHAEL
ADAM’S TAVERN, NEAR CANTON. Second
Precinct—WALTEß’S TAVERN. AT FORKS
OF MIDDLE RIVER AND BACK RIVER
ROADS. Third Preeicnt—GONTßOM’S TAV
ERN, GAP.DENVILLE.
Thirteenth District—PUßLlC HOUSE OF J.
J. WADE, WASHINGTON ROAD,
For the purpose of electing
One person as Governor of the State of Ma
ryland.
One person as Comptroller of the Treasury
of Maryland.
On person as Attorney General of the State
of Maryland.
One person as State Senator to represent Bal
timore county in the Senate of Maryland.
Six pensons as Members of the House of
Delegates to represent Baltimore county in the
House of Delegates of Maryland.
One person as Judge of the Circuit Court for
ihe Third Judicial Circuit.
One persou as Sheriff of Baltimore county.
One person as State's Attorney for Baltimore
county.
Three persons as County Commissioners for
Baltimore county.
Three persons as Judges of the Orphans’
Court for Baltimore county.
On® person as Treasurer for Baltimore coun
ty.
One person as Surveyor for Baltimore coun
ty.
polls will be opened at 9 o’clock A.
M. and closed at 6 o’clock P. M.
i SS~The Returning Judges are required and
directed to make their return on the second
day (Thursday) following the election, to the
Clerk of the Circuit Court for Baltimore coun
t}' NICHOLAS BURKE,
Sheriff of Baltimore County.
Oet. 7.—te.
STRAY COW.
BALTIMORE COUNTY TO WIT:—I here
by certify that on this 6th day of October
A. D. 1871, before the subscriber a Justice of
the Peace for the State of Maryland, in ana
for said county, personally appeared
Ilenry Cronhardt, and made oath uu Vfl'jfr*
-lor form of law, that on or about the lUMwi
Jd of Juno, A. L> 1371, there came to his prem
ises. ou the Ridge, iu the Bth election district
of said county, one dark red COW, with while
slripo along the back, white tail and white bt 1-
ley.cn> a iu each em nnd supposed to be about
four years old. JAS. MILLER, J, F
The owner of the above described ei.tray is
requested to come forward, prove property, pay
charges and take her away.
HENRY CRONHARDT.
Oct. 14.—3t*
<:ai Erl i STOVE HOUSE!
WM. GLUCK,
or. of Gay and Harrison Streets,
BALTIMORE.
COOKING AND HEATING STOVES.
The best Cooking Stoves are the “Niagara,”
“Barley Sheaf.” and “Quaker City.”
The be<t Fireplace Heater is the
“SUISnSTYSIDE!!”
Toe best and cheapest of all kinds of AIR
TIGHT and WOOD STOVES Also, a very
large assortment of PLAIN and JAPANNED
I TINWARE A HOUSEKEEPING ARTICLES,
i all for =ale at the VERY LO WEST FRICKS,
wholesale md retail. Every Stove guaranteed.
Sept. 9,1871.—1 y.
SEE DR. DUCK’S DENTAL PRICE LIST
ON FIRST PAGE. [Feb. 11.—ly.
Miscellaneous.
181^
The only Reliable Gift Distribution In the Country
$60,000-00
IN VALUABLE GIFTS!
TO BB DIKTBI3UTED IN
L. D. SINE’S
152ND REGULAR MONTHLY
GIFT ENTERPRISE!!
To be drawn Monday, Not. 271 h, 1871.
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OF
$3,000 Each in Greenbacks
TWO PRIZES sl,ooo®
FIVE PRIZES SSOO f HRFF NR A OX9
TEN PRIZESSIOO Si URLtHDHLfIO.
WHOLE NUMBER OF CASH GIFTS 1,000
1 Horse and Baggy, with Silver-mounted Harness,
worth S6OO.
1 Fine-toned Rosewood Piano, worth SSOO.
10 Family Sewing Machines, worth SIOO esch.
Five He.ivy-Cated Gold Hunting Watches and Heavy
Gold Chains, worth S3OO each.
Five Gold American Hunting Watches.worth sl2seach
Ten Ladies’ Gold Hunting Watches, worth SIOO each.
800 Gold and Silver Lev< r Hunting Watches ('n ail)
worth from S2O to S3OO each.
Ladies’ Gold Leontine Chains,Gent’s Gold Vest Chains,
Silver-plated Cantors, Solid Silver and Double-Plated’
Table and Teaspoons. Ivory Pand'ed Dinner Knives.
Silver-Plated Dinner Forks. Si.ver Vest Chairs. Photo
graph Albums, Ladies’ Gold Bie-istpius and Ear-rings,
Gen's’ Gold B-eastpins, Shirt Studs and Sleeve But
tons, Finger-nogs, Gold Pens (silver extension,) etc.
Whole No. Gins 6,000. Ticket* Limited to 39.000.
JlßS'Agents Wanted to sell Tickets, to whom
Liberal Premiums will be paid.
SINOLF, TICKETS $1: SIX TICKETS $5; TW ELVE
TICKETS $10; TWEKTY-FIVE TICKETS S3O.
Circulars containing a full Hat of p iac*. a dvr iption
of tee manner o’ drawing, and ~'h -r inform itir.u i i
reference to the Distrlbuti-T, w.ll he s-nt to as y ore
ordering them. All loiters I'.uH he ad lre-s <i to
orricE, L. D. SINE, Box 86,
101 W. sth St. Cixci.vNSTi, 0.
Sept. 30.—tK20.
FOR GROCERIES
AND
LIQUORS,
GO TO
MOFFETT S,
152 and 154 Forrest St.,
AND
108 North Gay Street,
CORNER OF FRONT,
BALTIMORE, Md.
Sept. 30, 1871.—1 y.
The Cheapest Light in the World I
THE MONUMENTAL
Petroleum Fluid!
IS PERFECTLY
Xo v- EXPL OSI YE!
CAN 3F. USED IN YOUR COAL OIL LAMPS
WITHOUT SMOKING CHIMNEYS.
IT IS VERY CHEAP!
YOU CAN HAVE GAS FIXTURES WITH
THE
White Porcelain GBohus!
;TSf-Can be seen at JAMES 11. WILSON’S
Store, and at Mr. RITTER’S HOTEL, Govans
town, where they have been in use over two
months. Address
U. S. Portable Gas
and Stove Company,
Xo. 7 South Gay st., Baltimore.
,jz&- A FEW LIVE MEN WASTED M
AGENTS. [Sept. I<>.—lin.
GEORGE 8. CLOGG,
Xo. 2 South Calvert Street,
BALTIMORE.
ALWAYS ON HAND A LARGE ASSO3T
MEN-T OF
Ladies’, Geiitleireii’a, Boy’s *tt Cliil irons’
S F£ O H S,
OF THE BE ST IT I MAKE.
ficr-A largo -ssorGaeut. of IlAali PALI
SHOES AND SPIKE.
Also, successor to H. PECK,
159 IV. Pratt St., Opposite MiUtb; House,
Manufacturer of.
Boots Shoes of Every Description
A. M. DAVIS,
AVith George S. Clogg, formerly with PAGE,
Richmond, Va.
April 1,1871.—1 y.
JOHN T. TIMANUS,
MILLER,
NO. 100 FRANKLIN STREET,
(1 door from Howard,)
BALTIMORE, Mu.
FAMILY, EXTRA AND SUPER FLOUR,
CORN MEAL,
CHOP AND
MILL FEED.
Highest Prices Paid for
WHITE and YELLOW CORN and WHEAT.
August 19.—1 y.
JAS. O. WILSON. F. M. COLSTON. WM. B. WILSON
WIV.SOX, COLSTOX k, CD.,
144 Baltimore Street,
BANKERS AND BROKER-.
DEAL IN
Govcmnients, Coin, Southern
Xotes and Securities.
BUY A SELL STOCKS, BONDS A GOLD
in Baltimore and New York.
Allow Interest on deposits
NEGOTIATE LOANS
AND
MAKE PROMPT COLLECTIONS
April l, 1871.—1 y.
COLD SPRING MOTEL,
YORK ROAD.
THE undersigned respectfully announces to
his friends and the public generally, ’hat
he has leased the above well known public re
sort. He hopes by a strict attention to busi
ness and a desirt to accommodate, to build up
and maintain tlie reputation of a first clrss
house. Will be pleased to welcome all who
may favor me with a call.
SAMUEL F. BUTLER.
June 16.—1 f.
FOB BENT,
A DOUBLE BRICK HOUPE I'*' T i VSU.
TOWN, each side oontftinir.g fi’■-
ronis and good cel’ar. Fi'a-aut! v ’ocs !t;'j
ted and Garden attached -o *f eb tom* AV
only to LOT GNfCRV.R BF< R
April 22'.—if. Do fi n Office. Tow on,own.
1 CIEE DR DUOJI’B DENTAL FR'CR LlfT
O ON FIRST FACE. K b. 11.- ly
Legal Notices.
rioHIS IS TO GIVE NOTICE, That the eub-
J. scriber has obtained from the Orphans,
Court of Baltimore county, letters testamen
tary on the estate of
RACHEL BROWN,
late of said county, deceased. All persons hav
ing claims against u.c said estate are hereby
warned to exlnbit the same, with the vouchers
thereof, to the subscriber,"
On or before the BOth day of May, 1872;
they may otherwise by law be excluded from
all benefit of said estate. Those indebted to
said estate aro requested to moke immediate
payment. Given under my band this 26th
day of September, 1871.
JOSHUA H. WRIGHT,
Sept. 30.—tt* Executor.
THIS IS TO GIVE NOTICE, That U e sub
scribers have obtained from tbf O pi ir.s’
Court of Baltimore county, letters tec.auien
tary on the estate of
THOMAS T. GRIFT lIH,
late of said county, deceased. All persons hav
ing claims against the said estate are here by
warned to exhibit the same, with the vouchers
thereof, to the subscribers,
On or before the gO th day of May, 1872
they may otherwise by law be excluded lrom
all benefit of said estate. Those indebted to
said estate are requested to make immediate
payment. Given under our hands this 26th
day of (September, 1871.
EDWIN GRIFFITH,
JOHN M. GRIFFITH,
Sept. 30.—4t* Executors
fpfllS IB TO GIVE NOTICE, That the sub-
JL scribers have obtained from the Orphans’
Court of Baltimore county, letters id adminis
tration on the esti.te of
JOSEPH P. FUSIING,
late of saidcour.tv,deceased. Ml porsors hav
ing claims against the said es'eto ere hereby
warned to exhibit the same, w.lh the vouchers
thereof, to the subsciibcrß,
on or before iheßOlh day of May 1872
they msy otherwise by If. v o excluded from
all beutfii o f said estate. Tbo e indebted to
said estate are request'd to n eke immediate
payment. G v n nmle- out h”i'd. j ihis 26th
day of BepUnibcr, 1871.
C Ax'C L X F FU&TfXG,
CHaS. Y. Ffi’i'lS’i,
Administrators with Will e.rrnv
Sf pt. 30.—4 t
fjIHIS~IB TO GIVL NOTfCF, J jTY' 7 i*
i. scriber has obtained tram i.tu Or i.n;
Court of Baltimore county, letters of ad .nir
tration on the estate of
JACOB M. HAMPSHIRE,
late of said county, deceased. All person
having claims aguinst the said estate are here
by warned to exhibit the same, with the vouch
ers thereof to the subscriber
On or before the 7 th day of June, 1572:
they may otherwise by law be excluded from
all benefit of said estate. Those indebted to
said estate are requested to make immediate
payment. Given under my hand this 4th day
of October, 1871.
G. B. HAMPSHIRE,
Oct 7.—4t* Administrator.
New Advertisements
ft *5l t* a h J
A coinpou.ui oi jV.
t t r v.ilihebest prrmrtrr of the ni'oirth r
cj ih.eh.iir. JC;>. i. w... llo>i
V>oM by nil
rnr r for one month to all who ask for It; 75c. to
ntt Jan., 72. $1.50 to July, 72; $2.50 to Jim
73. THE METHODIST. Every week a Lecture Rool*
Talk by Beecher; Sermon or article by Talmage, (e
cond only to Beecher in popularity,) Mrs. Willing’s
great serial story exposing secret workings of Roman
i*m in America, and much other good reading. G.
Halsted, 114 Nassau st., New York.
rpPp TRY SAMPLES of our great 8-pa*- SI.OO
rntt illustrated weekly—3o yarn established.—
Fine steel engravings free to subscribers. Agents
make $n a day. Send for “Saturday Gasette,” Hal
lowell, Me.
Solicited by Munn Co Pub
-1 hcrs Scientific American, 37
ftluJ park Row, New York.
Twciity-live yea" experience.
Pamphlets containing Patent Laws, with full direc
tions how to obtain Patents, free.
A bound volume of 118 pager, cm tabling the New
Census by counties sml a* L“S“ cities, in;#
of Meeharical Mcvem ai>. Law drnfi f r
obtaiLing fatents, irailed it <A
TAVRTH CLO>KTs.-(! :t du> b-s ri Cljet
]j Co., 2J5 State St., Hartford, tt., Solo V P o
p.letoS of Moulc'B, Moule G: dleon’u, Luthm t,
Wiring's, Newton’s ard Doo'itile’ii i’nlenh The only
riosots that have proved effe itive. The t art'. C osn,
iy its disinfection of faeces, is the Bv.- vainao.e me'Oti
of preventing sp"eKd of cko) r rr ano .ih J:
diseapes. Set d for circulars. Agent- waitjfi e e
where Salesrooms :19 DoancSt., Bo? on; 3ff !d
--way, N. Y.; 1221 Martet St., I-hiiade’.phi."
“LftDYUbWtS
Wanted in every c-iuaty in this Sta e, t.) I -i" e
genteel and proficaMe entpl'iynceui car*
onl ladies that can send the best of e: t o <1
(li.-ss I R Atfß.t NT SAPOLIENE CU ,C< -.m
S3O. WE WILL V 4 40.
..gents S3O pe.' week to sell one fcreat il- ia •s
--cuveiies. It you want petmsnent, hero d ir> 'iis
xot work, apnly for p.-rticaAre. AJdics. liYc.lt k
CP Jackson Michigan
1003 GIFTS.
Grand Gift Concert and Distribution for (he Ben
efit of the Foundling Asylum of New York,
and Sailort’ Orphans Home Wash
ington, D. C.
To be held in Washington is soor as all Tickets are
sold, of which Ten Days' Notice will be gDen.) and not
Uter than November 23d. 1871 Entire number <l l ck
ets. 52 PCD— $5 each. I,< 05 tiifts, amounting to OtoO,-
004, to he awarded. Send for i ircuiars, giving Cat of
e ifis and Refer ncc>. Ticket* can 1' had of
W. H. LO*!
Pinna h’* M ”Ih: i ro, D p.
Or, I'. C. DJ' J 'K.Dtrieri .‘y-.t
31 nss;m st., ,'n I r
Pox. H. VcrUI.LOI’OD l'k O I
V,.\J GE t I.UASTI.E Belt moie. t
|,,,i J.7 VEGLI2Y, Piltauir; Tim let.
Sep 30 4i.
v-wrjr■ rrxj.eexx ll -jt mr\ i
M. GBlFi-ifß. W. M. B.iS’e M .1H
Griffith, £akku k
4B A. 4XI hi. ra.a
BALTIMORE, Md.
DEAL .’IS IN
igriculturai Implomems, J yicl
ry, Hardware, Seeds i.ucf
Fertilizers.
THE LEST KELLER PATENT
Grain, Steel anil fertilizer I trill,
ACKNOWLEDGED BY ALL TO RE
THE BEST IN USE!
It drills all kinds ol grain, seed and ferlili
zers in any desired quantity to the scut* and
drills with regularity under ail circumstances,
either ehallow or deep ae rtquired. It drills
among stumps, stones, routs and uneven ground
without breaking or interfering with itß work
ing arrangement.
“TORNADO”
TIIRESH&K AXD CLEAXEB,
With “Carey,” Mounted or Down Power. Th
success of litis inachiue has been so uniit
and undisputed that its popularity is widt-Iy
extended.
We also have the SELF-CLEANING AT
TACHMENTS foi old style machines, woi.
we guarantee to work as perfectly as rrgui
self-cleaning machines, at prices from $lO6 f
to $115.00.
We are introducing HAVILAND’S PATEN
POTATO SEPARATOR, which is the
iubor-saving machine of its class, capable of
separating into three sizes with much morn
uniformity than can possible be arrived at by
hand process—thirty five bushels potatoes per
hour. 'Phis is a new and novel machine and
worthy the attention of farmers.
PIONEER STUMP PULLER,
HICKOK, CLIPPER AND HUTCHINSON
CIDEII MILLS,
STRAW A FODDER CUTTERS.
CORN rHELLERS. PLOWS
ANI* PLOW CASTINGS,
Sugar Machinery,
Dexter Wash.ng, Mac 1 ina
and Vtiinge. bums. ,tc.
ALSO,
Guano, Ground Pone, J lr-tei tmd
Fertil zers.
Timothy, Cloecr and her c
_£*-Send for Circulars and Lii t.
GRIFFITH, BAKER A B?YAX.
a 41 and 43 N. F.-ca St. l.alt i ic“-
March 18. —ly.
TUOB. i. IRVIX'i. d. V li l
T J. Irving h Co.
(Late Blbtos iavix,.
Manufacturers and dealers iu
SHIRTS, FURNISHING GOODS
Ann
ORDERED CLOTHING,
Tracy Block,
168 W. BALTIMORE STREET.
Next door Weft of Adi.mi E-ive C npcnv
Rai.’l"
Aig :f 1 14. ly
FO! f
4 BCM'T’FU nniuc
_F\. u.t i f. i n- i
romsylt av .v, i,. e. v.t <r f i
p: T* i T
May 6.—tf.