WASHINGTON
The Question of Civil Serriee Re
form Before (he Cabinet*
Sharp Criticisms Upon the Report of
the Committee.
Tbr fiu Ktux Organization Shown Up by the
t emmitiee on Southrrn Outrages.
Financial Effects of Consolidating In
ternal Revenue Districts.
WaRUinoton, Nov. 10, 1871.
Protnttrd Cabinet Heaalon? llvll Service
Ileform Under DIsenaatoB.
The Cabinet meeting to-day, wnich was a very
lone one. was mostly devoted to hearing the views
o( Mr George William Curtis on civil service rerorm.
liothing of a definite character was determined
npon. but the administration will shortly adopt the
?lews of the civil service reiormere, and endeavor to
put into practice the Ideas ol illness for omclal posl
tiou, Ac., which have long been the stock in trade
of a very earnest class of politicians. Already
tbe clerks In the departments are contemplating the
new era of competitive examinations, and a busi
ness honse here has Introduced the ??cramming"
oooks of the English service to point out to these
straitened officials the way to favor under the new
order of things. Just row the rules adopted ny the
Civil Service commission are In a very chiiotic state,
ami are subject to modification and revision by the
Cabinet politicians, so that their publication
would be practically useless, but a code of
mies will soon be adopted by the
President, founded upon the recommendations of
tlie Commission. What they will be and what loop
hoies there will be left in ihcm lor political favorit
ism cannot of course be determined. Mr. Curtis,
who has no doubt of the re-election of President
Crant, thinks the present time a very favorable op
portunlty to test in practice the theories advanced
in the bills of Mr. jenckes and Senator Schurz. in
the five years which will probably remain to the pres
ent administration he believes so much success may
loilow this attempt to keep in office men of clerical
fitness and known honesty, independently of mere
political considerations, that It will be perilous to
the succeeding presioent to root them out on par
tisan considerations. It is admitted that the dull
cultv in the wav is in the appointment of the pres
ent officers in the usual manner, political tnduence
only being considered, and that much is lacking,
owing to the fact that few of them
Have been long in the civil service. But
the circumstance that a whole Cabinet meeting
was devoted to hiring Mr. Curtis, aud Mr. Curtis'
own confidence that the apoeals o: the civil service
reiormers will have a practical test, are assurances
In the minds ol these people, at least, that some
new tiling under the suu Is to be tried for the purlfl.
cation of public lile. Hut It Is not improbable that
even this hope, which may spring trom Mr. Curtis'
earnestness, may be defeated. The Cabinet
officers picked to pieces the rules which
tie presented, and the whole work of
the Commission was rathor contemptuously dealt
with. Mr. Pish oould not quite see Ills way clear
to excluding all the little Fishes who may want
consular or diplomatic appointments, and Mr.
Delano showed that he had a particular regard for
a certain class of Ohio politicians; Loutwell showed
no interest, being entirely absorbed in the syndi
cate, and Mr. Creawell said 1'oBtniasters had not
been lucluded In the firmer bills, and as It
was not important that they Bhould be able
>.te they were a political
not to be Interfered with on
>al election. The Commission
tem of rules, but the indtfier
?rences of the Cabinet have
i illusion. It may happen that
rvice reform, independent of
a Congressional enactment, may prove to be only a
tab to the whaie. It would certainly be a heroic
thing for a President who expects re-eiectlon to de
clare that hereafter nobody should be appointed to
or kept in office who was unfit for official position.
Whether such a declaration shall be made la just
aow what is agitating the Cabinet.
Keport ot the Committee on Southern Ont
nutee.
The testimony taken by the Committee on Soutnern
Outrages, ol winch senator Scott is chairman, in
cluding the evidence before tlie sub-committee
which visited South Carolina, is now In the hands
of the chairman, who is preparing a carelul digest
lor the spcclal report. It will trace the history or
the Ku Klux organization from its formation in
Giles county, Tennessee, In 186;3, through Its
ramifications In the Sou' liern Sta.es. It is
U)?- opinion among officials here that the Ku Klux
are disbanding in North aud South Carolina, and
tbat belore the close of the year the spirit of disin
tegration will pervade Georgia, Alabama and Mis
sissippi. The Congressional act passed at the last
session for the suppression of the Ku Klux out
rages is regarded as complete. The only test of the
powers conferred has been at Kaieigli, and it re
mains for i&e judiciary to decile whether
the act is constitutional or not. The re
port of the committee will not be sub
Bitted to Congress until after the holidays. It
Is probable that some recommendation will be made
on the subject of general ainuesty. The minority
report will place particular stress upon the extrava
gant taxation and burdensome legislation Imposed
opon the people of the reconstructed Stales.
Oeerciaua Alarmed ot the Preapect of Mar
tini Low,
It appears from the Georgia papers that mucn
alarm pievails under the apprehension that the
president will declare martial law In that State, it
may be safely said, however, that such is not his
design, tnere being noihing In the present condi
tion of any part of Georgia to warrant such a
measure. A report was published recently that
Senator Scott, chairman of the Ku Klux Committee,
Had recommended the Issuing of the proclamation,
bat that gentleman himself denies that tlie report
lia* Uie least foundation.
on>ol ><lu( Ina Internal Itevenne fll'trlct".
Since the beginning ot the jear nine collection
districts have been blotted from the list or the
Internal revenue by tne plan of consolidation in
augt rated by President Grant. Four were In New
York city, two In Philadelphia, one in Cincinnati,
one In Baltimore and one in San Francisco. This
efiects a saving of at ieast $100,000 In salaries of
officials.
The n?? of the ^tfamer Hornet.
This government and the Spanish authorities
?fiave not jet arrived at aii agreement respecting
the Hornet, now at Port au Prince, menaced by
Spanish vessels. A correspondence Is in progress
oeiween the iiecretary of Slate and Minister Roberts,
the former protesting against the design to seize
that vessel, which is under the American flag.
Departure of (irnrral Murni in for Europe.
Adia'ral Aldcn and General Sherman, accotnpa-
nted t>y Ooloucl Audenreul and Lieutenant Grant,
leave here to-night to enit>ari on the Wabash to
morrow for Europe. President Grant and wife will
gv with Uicir son to New lork, there take leave of
aim and leturn to Washington on Monday.
Executive Appointment*.
George B. Dick has been appointed as Assistant
Assessor for the Thirtieth New York district,
Anthony Banning as Gaug? r for the Ktftli Ohio dis
trict, and George W. Donaldson as A/Wlstant As
sessor for the heventh Ohio district.
Ojirsisfl ?f lk? Funlilonabl* Heaion In the
Capital.
The fashionable season was opened in Wafchln^
ion to-night? rather earlier than usual? by an ama
teur performance of the "Hunchback" and "A
tientlenian from Ireland," at Wail's opera House.
The entertainment was for the benelit of the cftari
ttes of the congregation of the Epiphany, the churcft
rxctilfiHX Of the West End, and Lafayette
square, Georgetown Heights sod Capitol Hid
rained nobly to support, Tlie House
VM abl?ee With silks, i acm, jewels, stately
forms tad lovely faces, and the Cabinet, the em
basstea. the army, the navy, the ctvll service, the
press and the ancient nobh aae of the capital all
contributed a fall quota to the scene. Tne dressing
upon the stage was in no war interior w that In the
auditorium. The several characters In tne plays
selected were borne by ladles ana gentlemen In the
employ of the government and prominent lr,
society. The President r<as not present, l>ein{{ on
his way to New York to seo his son Fred off to
Europe, bnt the Bxecutlve circle was well repre
sented.
Cause of the Smallpox Plairne.
Prominent arentlemen here attribute the spread of
smallpox in Philadelphia and other cities to the
sale of butnio robes there taken from the Blacicfeet
and Ptegan camps, where the disease prevailed two
years ago. At that time they were forbidden to be
sold to traders, but several months ago they disap
peared from those neighborhoods and found tbotr
waj elsewhere.
PERILS OF THE SEA.
The Crew of the 1.om Schooner Fit* Be.
lttava.
Boston, Nov. 10, 1871.
The following are the names of the crew of the
schooner Flu E. Rtggs, lost on George's Rank in the
gale of October 12:? Laban R. nyland, master,
leaves a widow and four children; Thomas Leary,
leaves a widow and three children; Michael Fitz
gerald, leaves a widow and four children; Alexan
der McKenzle, leaves a widow and two children;
Robert Christopher, Charles Anson, Thomaa Holey,
Jonn Welsh and Johu Smith, alias Patrick Klynn, all
I single. The latter belougs In Canso, N. 8.
Wreck of a >ova firtuls Schooner.
Halifax, N. 8., Nov. 10, 1871.
The schooner Express, from St. Jonn, bound to
St. Margaret's, wus wrecked on Monday near Lock
port. Port of her cargo may be saveJ.
An Iron Stenmer Ksnk.
Dbtroit, Mich., Nov. 10, 1*71.
The new Iron steamer India has l>een sunk In the
Sault St. Marie River. No particulars nave been
received. She pronably struck a rock In conse
quence of the low state of he water. Pump* have
been sent from here to assist In rescuing the
vessel.
A Steamier Destroved by Fire.
Norfolk, Va., Nov. 10, 1871.
The canal steamer Astoria, wuh a cargo of cotton
and naval stores, was burned and sunk ai her
wliarf this morning. The origin of the Arc is un
known. The loss Is $16,000; no Insurance on the
boat.
THE STORM.
A Crouching Main and the First Snow of
the Season.
Yesterday was one or tne most disagreeable days
or the season. It rained from early morn till mid
night, when a storm of flue snow and sicet set In.
All day the clouds poured forth their torrents del
uging streets and pathways, and stirring up
all the accumulated dirt and fllth of weeks.
Those whose Impecunious situation rendered It im
possible for them to avail themselves of any convey
ance had to plunge along amid the cold, windy
showers as best they could, and tbank God for even
the shelter of a dilapidated umbrella, wnlle even
the patronlzers of the horse cars bad to suffer all
the lneonveniences ot crowded platforms and wet
garments slashed against them, sending premoni
tions of luture rheumatic pains and consumptive
coughs. The cold east wind penetrated every por
tion ot one's frame and left the luckless pedestrian
In a state bordering ou chronic MglJity. At mid
night the first snow or the season made
its appearance. it came down fine at
first, and not, as usual, In the large,
sleety flakes. Visions ofiblocked up railways, long
aud dreary walks, slush and mud came at once to
the mind of those whose misfortune it is to labor
and travel dav and niKht in this much-abused me
tropolis. The first snow ot the season, as the Third
avenue car driver remarked, '-God send it muy be
the last."
1 Know at PoKKlikeepsie.
IPODGDKEKP8IE, N. If., NOV. 10, 1871.
There was a light fall ol snow here this morning,
tlie lirat of ihe season.
Snow t-qimil In Albany.
A 1. It AST, N. Y., Nov. 10, 1871.
A light mow storm has prevailed ncre all day.
Know Storm in New Hampshire.
Concord, N. n., Nov. 10, 1871.
snow began filling hero about half-past three
P. M. and continued through tbo afternoon and
evening. Nearly two inches nave fallen.
A CHOLERA SHIP BOUND FOB NEW YORK.
A special despatch from Ilalifax on Wednesday
states that tne German steamer Franklin, from Stet
tin lor New York, wmch put Into Halifax on Monday
short of water and coal, bad 700 emigrants on board.
It was reported that she had tiie cholera among the
passengers, and the authorities instituted an inquiry
and ascertained that twenty-eight persons died on
the passage from diarrhoea. She was twenty-ceven
days out. The apparatus for distilling water got
out cf order, and tne passengers were supplied with
water hall iresn and half salt. Ileuce the sickness.
A number were suffering wnen the vessel arrived.
She sailed for her destination with a clean bill of
health.
ILLINOIS INTELLIGENCE.
General Jitil Delivery? Chicago Grnln Ware
housemen Protect Themselves Agiiinnt In*
?nrnnce Extortion? Chicago Insurance Com
paulea Still Sound*
Chicago, Nov. 10, 1S71.
Five persons awaiting trial in the Iroquo'.s Connty
Jail, at Watscka, 111., broke out and escaped on the
morning of the 8th Inst. A reward of $260 is offered
for their recapture.
Under the influence of the hign rates of Insurance
on grain in the warehouses In this city the proprie
tors nave determined to purchase each a steam Are
engine for their own use, the whole number to be
called out in case of necessity. Each warehouse
will have a steam pump connected with pipes radi
ating throughout the building, to be used In tne
event ot flie, tlms doing away with the necessity
lor insuring the warehouses ai.d inelr contents.
In the cases of tne Continental and <>ar<leu City
Insurance Companies, of Chicago, in which applica
tions had been made for the appointment or receiv
ers, Judge Williams yesterday decided not to appoint
receivers, as there are no allegations against the
companies showing bad faith on the part of their
oilicers.
A fire occurred at Mendofa, 111., this afternoon,
resulting In the destruction of seven buildings, In
cluding the Wavcrley llonse. mwh. |I4,ok>. ft was
feared at one time tnat the whole town would burn,
as 11 contained no fire apparatus.
WYOMING LEGISLATURE.
ClIBYKNNK, NOV. 10, 1*71.
Governor Campbell read his message to the Legis
lature yesterday. lie recommends retrenchment in
territorial and county affairs; the appointment of a
commissioner of emigration, and also tnst female
suffrage be not repealed, lie savs women have I
made good Jurors and honest and competent office
holders. lie upholds the Indian policy of the ad
ministration, and shows a disposition to work with
tne legislature lor the goo 1 ot the Territory.
Roth houses ot the legislature nave been occupied
in adopting rules for their government.
FIRE IN 8IITH AVENUE.
At seven o'clock last evening a lire broke ont in
the rear of the flrst floor of the three story brick
bouse 273 sixth avenue. The first floor was occu
plod by Joseph Davids as a ladles' and gentle
men's furalshing store and damaged $6,ooo: insured
for >4,000. The second floor was occupied
by Mrs. A. Cook, dresatuaker, and damaged 97<ki;
Insured. Tne basemeut, occupied by Gambling A
Burton, painters, w.ts damaged bv Water $luo; in
sured. The building was leased bv me latter firm
and damaged $l,boO. The building Is fully covered
by insurance.

PHILADELPHIA ITE1C&
The Instate of ibe Defaulting City Twiuuro?
Yerlten to bo Pureed ialo Bnnkroptejr.
FUUAI?t.P!!lA, Nov. 10, 1471.
The second rare between Goldsmith Maid and
Lucy, for a purse of |3,ooo, that had i?ea fixed for
to day, is postponed on acoouut of the rain.
This morning the petition of Mayor Fox was pre
sented in tne Court of Common I'leas, asking for an
order of sequestration of the esiste of Joseph V.
Marcer. the defaulting City Treasurer. A rule was
granted lequUing Marcer to snow cause way it
should not issue.
Proceedings hare been commenced in the United
States Court a^amsi Verkes ie iUiring mm to show
causc why lie sitvUid oot be declared bankiupb
THE DECAY ALSACE
Prosp^dve Rain of a Great Iu
dustrial District.
French Blunders?. Jules Favre's Bhort-Sighted
uest?Thiars Just as Bad? How Bismarck
Hoodwinkod Both? The Bieh Manu
facturing Districts of Alsace in
Danger Poor Alsace,
Strasbourg, Oct 8, 1871.
A short tour through tbe Drovlace of Alsace has
enabled me to obtain Information calculated to
throw some light on tbe subject matter connectod
with tbe controversy now pending between France
and Germany. It is needless to say that tbe cession
of two of bcr most prosperous departments lafllcts on
France a pecuniary lorn of the most appalling mag
nitude. Oue of tbe most flourishing branches of in
dustry In usace comprised the cotton manufacto
ries. On inquiry it will be found that tbe loss of
capital invested at Muihonse, w asserting and the
neighborhood is variously estimated at from forty
to fifty million dollars. But that is hardly the ques
tion now at issue. A nation, paying to the foreign
Invader a tribute or $1,000,000,000, can probably af
ford to part with an additional $100,000,000 or
$200,000,000 without seriously affecting tbo national
wealth. Still It would puzzle our' old "politicians"
who held to the maxim of "Millions for defence, not
a cent for tribute." Statesmen of modern Europe
seem resolved to recast that system.
A BAD BU7NUKR.
At the time when the preliminaries of peace were
arranged at Versailles no allusion was made to com
mercial affairs. The chivalrous Ju'ea Favre, who
loathed to give np one stone of the French for
tresses, was too proud, too haughty to touch on
matters connected with trade. Though considered
a smart lawyer and an able debater, that man
proved a very poor negotiator. Overcome wltn his
melodramatic pathos It apparently uever occurred
to him to take steps for the purpose of protecting
the commercial Interests of the country. With a
little forethought and ordinary measures of precau
tion It would have been possible to save from ruin
and uestructlon the private property or thousands
or families. Even In their negotiations at Frank
forUon-the-Muln M. Jules Favre and M. Pouyer
Qncrtler failed to assert the claims to which the
commerce of France generally and that of Alsace
especially were entitled. The two provinces were
rretrievabiy lost, anil with them, as a matter of
course, the property appertaining to the soil, as well
ah the produce of the industry of the inhabitants.
HOW TI1K PEACE NEGOTIATIONS W ERE CONDUCTED.
Hut, while it was impossible to resist the rapacity
of tbe Prussians, there is abundant evidence to
show that but for the reckless and orf-hand manner
in which tbe French delegates conducted tbe peace
negotiations France would have been saved many
hardships, private property would have been
protected and much individual sutTerlng could have
been alleviated. President Tillers blrnseir was Ig
norant or what he was doing when he traded away
Important coal and mining districts, situated on
the borders ot the Duchy or Luxemburg, in ex
change tor a strip of land which, it was contended,
the French engineers required to strengthen th e po
sition or the fortress or lieirort. The same deplor
able ignorance has been revealed In the negotiations
now pending between the two countries. AU that
can be '-aid is that tbe Prussians have a fur better
knowledge thau tne Frencn themselves or the value
or territory and or commerce in France.
THK MINISTER OP FINANCE,
M. ronyer-Quertier, hat* started ror Berlin with the
view o! smoothing down the diitlouities which have
intervened. But what good can be expected trom
a man who is so wilfully blind to ail experiences
made in other couuiries? The reduction in the
postal tariff has everywhere produced an Increased
revenue. M. Pouyer-tiuertler is vain enough to be
lieve that he is in a position to benefit the National
Treasury by reversing the system tor the good of
the Krunclt people. with a mind running iu that
groove he is continually lighting with shadows. M.
Pouver-queruer has evidently not cprung from an
oaK, but from a willow: heuoe he sticKles at the loss
ot a few dollars, ot wtilch the customs receipts may
t>e deprived if he accedes to the Gerraau dotnan is.
while In another sense the loss to the country will
make liselt relt tenfold, on the oilier hand, the
Prussians should be mindful that it is dangerous to
bun even a bad neighbor. It would be well ror
Prince Bismarck to see tne necessity ol abstaining
from injury or violence, and to remember that those
lio g ivcrn others by terror have cause to be them
selves the most terrified.
TIIE DISTRICT OF Mt'LIIOrSE
maybe dedguaied as the Lowell of France. Prior
to the outbreak of hostilities there were upwards of
two million spindles in motion iu the coiiou lacto
nes or mat district. An o.Ucial return gave the
following azures in is 9, and since that period there
have been important additions:?
SpiwVes.
Department of I'pper Rhine 1,417,290
Department Of VosgCS 464,454
Department ol Lower Khine 160,0i>0
Moselle and nie urtlte 10o,00u
Total 2,131,744
This lmtne.ise amount of ludusinal wealth was
crammed together in a small corner ol the province,
while the total numoer of spindles spread over the
whole German Fatherland barely reaches the tlguro
of three millions. Tne cotton factories throughout
the German Zollvereln comprise 37,ooj or as.ooo
power looms, while alone in the depart
ment or ihe I'pper itlilne there are up
wards or twenty-eight thousand live hundred.
The total or ihe cotton lactones in the
annexed territory Is estimated 10 comprise 4V 00
power looms, or, sav, 11,000 more than possessed by
all the German .states together. With such immense
additions to the sources or wealth it might be
thought that the German government would be
lound willing to act witu magnanimity towards the
conquered. The very reverse is, however, tue
case.
IIAKPSniPS OF TflF, ALSATIAN COTTON SPISNERS.
Severed, as ne now is, from his old connections,
the Alsat lan cotton spinner or manuiacturer Is ex
posed to peculiar nardships. Ills produce, hlihcrto,
was calculated 10 supply tUc French market. Fa
vored by protective duties, neither cotton yarn nor
cloth was exposed to competition with fabrics Im
ported from toreten countries. The outlet of ml Al
satian prod ace was mainly obtained tiirough Paris.
Tbe mainstay or ail French manufacturers lies in an
organized system ot centralization. As a rule, and
there are very lew exceptions, the whole pro
duction of a factory is placed into the
hands of one or several commission houses,
who undertake to supply tne home aim
rorcign markeis, as the case may be.
Those famniur with trade in Pans know that the
entire of the Hue du Sentier, Kuo St. Fiacre and
others Is aimo-t excusively occupied by stores
iliied with Alsatian produce The commission
houses in most cases undertook the Drlaud re, as
it is termed, and guaranteed the manufacturer, on
payment of a small commission, against capital
loss, still that was hardly necessary, inasmuch as
the majority of sales are effected against cash pay
ment: <>r, at any rate, at short date? t. ft, sixty or
ninety (Jays' approved bills. The in-'tho Ileal man
ner in winch business is conducted places the man
ufacturer oeyond tbe reach oi ordinary vicitsltuues
and fluctuations. Jle had neither to seek nor to
nurse a customer, relying us ho did implicitly on
the integrity und energy or the Intermediary in
l an roe manufacturer, relieved to a certain ex
tent of much anxiety ami responsibility, was en
allied to husuMiid his menus and to conuentrato all
Ins energy on the mere manufacturing process and
to ihe perfection or his produce. Furthermore, there
is an
ADMIRABLE DIVISION OF I.ABOR.
Thus, ror instance, a manufacturer ol cotton cloths
Is not always prepared to dye his goods, nor has the
cadco printer the ambition or woavmg his own
clotn. The spinner, the weaver, the dyer, the
printer nud tne calendeier each are forming sepa
rata interests. Witn the specialty of a trade each
branch is 111 a position of rtalizlag a higher degree
ot ecuuomy, as well an of attaining greater perfec
tion iu Uic production or the goods. The position of
a German mutiu:a< turer is diametrically opposed to
thai 01 the t-reuchiuau's. Spinning, weavlug, dye
ing. Ac., ail are manipulated tin der the same root.
'I he re is no intermediary lute? the goods are taken
from tne manufactureis direct to Ihe retail store.
POIMS UP DIIIKKKNCK UK I W KKN U It KM AN AND
Ol II KK MANL'FACTpKKllS.
Germany, which up to a la;e period might appro
priately have beeu designated as the Disunited
Stales, has no point of centralisation. Saving some
excepticnai cases, the manufacturer in Germany
wis confined, as it were, to a local trade. This cir
cuui-tiuce accounts lor the almost total absence of
establishment* on a large scale, such as we meet in
Kran e, Kugiaud or America. I need not enter into
luriiier detail to show that the position of tbe Alsa
tian insriuiai torer, as a Pru-siauizod citizen. Is not
very euviaoie. While the separation from Paris is
complete, the chances in Germany are below zero.
There is actuuiiy no market in Germany tor Alsatian
manufacturers, or, at all events, the outlet would be
exceedingly limited. Iu the first place, therefore,
the Ainatiau mum chauge his machinery, the spinner
must turn to coarser numbers, snd, above all, he
must transfer his banking account from Paris to
some point in Germany. Tnls all accomplished, he
may set about and hunt for customers.
A BAD FIX.
I nder nis former relations he enjoyed credit and
n.^v-ssed the confidence of irien >s and customers.
Villi the change he has lost all. Imagine a man
who toiled during the i?est years of his life, built up
a trade and it connection, to be cast aurin and rorcl
bly annexed id a lorelgu country with which he has
not mug in common. Moreover, politically and
socially, he was tree as a turd In the air under
fituclt rule, while ttpresem be must kuucU? dowa
nnfler military despotism. The latter Is rendered
tne more irksome as the Prussian* are totally un
able to bold the country unless the/ rule with au
Iron hand. That circumstance, oi course, tends
turther to diminish the chance* or prosperltj to the
manufacturing districts.
WU AT MIOHT HAVE BKKN DON*.
There Is good reason to believe that the unfortu
nate conditions under which the Alsatian industry
has been placed might, if not entirely avoided, have
been greatly ameliorated If due TUuauce had been
exercised in the beginning when the preliminaries
or peace wore discussed. One thing is quite certain,
that there was a dread of being brought Into com*
petition with the Alsatian spinner, and exceptional
advantages would have been granted most willingly.
1 nave this assurance on the highest authority, 'ihe
feeling In Berlin, as it existeu in the beginning of
the year, may be summed up In the following:?
"While severed territory from France there Is
no necessity of severing the Alsatian manufacturer
from his commercial relations with that country,
and, although Alsace must emerge into the customs
Union, a duty devolves on Germany to preserve as
far as possible the outlet which the manufacturer
hitherto possessed in France for his produce."
There are
OTIIKK BR ASCITES OF INDt'STRT IN AL8ACK,
which, lUe the cotton interest, will never recupe
rate, or, at all events, drag on a sickly existence.
The Strasbourg beer, for instance, is not wanted in
Germany, and Paris can hardly do without it. Rail
road Iron was so far produced in sufficient quantities
as to supply the actual wants. The loss of rolling
mills will in future necessitate a large importation.
These are only a lew items of the many which
strikingly indicate the prospective ruin of a great
industrial district.
FOREIGN TOPICS.
Germany Wlahlna to Conciliate France.
Cnaer date of October 26 the Hkhald's Frankfort
correspondent writes:?
This country presents now a great contrast to
France. We long lor peace, and the government
does everything in its Dower to conciliate tne
French. The recent convention was scarcely signed,
wuen troops oomiug lrom France passed this town,
and there is no doubt that great facilities will be
given lor the payment oi the remainder of the con
iributlon. Traue and commerce are flourishing to
au extent not known hitherto, and everybody de
sires the continuation or so prosperous a state. Jn
France it is equally tue reverse. Wltu tne only ex
ception or the truly republican party all tae others
long lor a war of revenge, and particularly In tne
Urge towns there Is the same nonsensical brag as
beiore the war. It is apity that the delusions
or an Ignorant mob and of an equally "gnorant
crowd of literary men, snopkeepers and coilee house
politicians should threaten the country witu new
disasters, by exciting to a war, witn tenfold odds
against thein. Commercial relations having been
resumed, a great many or the people have lately
come here lrom the south ol France, the part ol the
country which had the largest business with the
people here, and they ail report that the southern
French, haviug seen nothing or war, are anxious
ior a new one, ana speak as of a certain tact oi the
revenge they are about to take. At l'aris the feel
injr has much improved, which is tnalulv to be at
tributed to the exertions of tne radical municipality,
which had the manly spirit to speak out their mind
ana to tell the people mat they are the principal
losers by driving loreigners lrom Paris.
Tbe Morocco Slave Trade.
A resident of Tangier, in Morocco, writes that
African children are u ragged along tae streets tticre
by a Moorish auctioneer, and that the vuo traffic In
human beings goes on every market day In connec
tion with the sale of cattle and agricultural produce.
He says:?
The same man may be seen and heard at one time
vociierwg the last bid lor a wrctcued mule which he
bestrides and goads along ihe narrow, crowded and
lllihy streets, and at auotuer, as 1 saw this Sunday
morning, dragging a bewildered Utile boy by the
hand, lollowed by an eider sister too frluhtencd to
look up; while on a third occasion no appeared with
un old woman meekiy following him, whose days of
rest should have approacneu to relieve her weary
limbs, but who was defined by the cruel.y or man
to d i ag herself along at the will ot her lender, who
was endeavoring In vain to realize the reserve price
placed upon this exhausted specimen of suifeilug
humanity, while England has sacrificed her treasure
and the health of her sailors on tne pestilential coasts
or Africa, witn the objecL In view of putting u stop to
the shipment of slaves, no aaort lias been made by
her representative in Morocco to preveut tne trade
setting in towards mat country from the interior,
w hlle Christians in America have been debarred
this inhuman traffic witn Africa, even when requir
ing labor for the subjugation of the wilderness, no
voice nas been raised or etfort made to prevent the
Mohammedans in Morocco from indulging, as exten
sively as suits them, in the purchase of slaves. It
maj well be doubted whether the prevention of
slaves leaving the shores ol Africa has had any
other effect than that of driving them into tbe hands
of tbe seml-clvillzed Motiamuie laus. Thus, while
Christians have been sacrlllcing life and property to
wipe out tne statu of slavery, the lollowers of Mo
hammed, who occupy so large a iroiitage of the Afri
can comment, liave been auently aud unobservedlY
absorbing the heart's blood of the luterlor, aud
using it lor the gratlilcation of their ludoieut and
sensuous natures.
THE QEOBGIA. GOVERNORSHIP.
Atlanta, Ga., Nov. 10, 1871.
The House to-day passed a bill providing for hold
ing a special election for Governor on the second
Tuesday of December. The section providing for
special reiurns of the election, other than according
to the present law, was stricken out. The demo
crats contended that the integrity oi the republican
act.ng executive officer, Air. Corny, should do
trusted.
SHIP PING N E W S
Aluitna' lor Neir YorH-raU Day.
Snn rises 6 42
Sun Eels. 4 46
Moon rises,. morn 5 08
High water... ere 7 24
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DATES OF DEPARTURE FROM NEW YORK FOR THH
MONTHS OF NOVEMBER AND DECEMBER.
Atmutlc Nov II 1 Liverpool 19 Hroaiway.
City ot Paris.... i Nor ll... Llverpoo li> Broadway.
Australia Nor ll. (Glasgow i7 Bowling Greon
Mam Not 1 1 I Bremen |W> Broad it.
Wyoming
Cltv of New Y'rk
Bremen
Europa
City of Wasb'tcn
Washington
Minnesota
City of Baittm're
Cltv of Brussels.
lsmallla
Idaho.
Viilc Ue l'ari*....
Nov IS
Nov 16.
Noy Itf...
Nov 18...
Nov 13...
Not 18...
Nov 22...
Nov 23...
N'oy 23...
Noy 28...
Nov 29..
Liverpool 2S Broadway.
Liverpool
Bremen.
Glasgow.,.,
Liverpool..
Havre.
Liverpool
Liverpool
Liverpool..
Giasaow.
Liverpool
Lie a 3.. Havre.
16 Broadway.
<58 Broad st.
7 Bowling Green
IS Broadway.
5S Broadway.
2H Broadway.
15 Broadway.
15 Broadwa.
7 Bowllmr Green
ifl Broadway.
64 Broadway.
PORT OF SEW YORK, HOVE TIBER 10, 13 J 1.
CLEARED.
camshlp Zodfae, Chapfn, Ncwbcm? Murrav, Ferris A
Co.
l'ark Rosa B Iial>, Balavetela, Cork or Falmouth? Sloco
vlch A Co.
Bark Merctirius (Nor). Liulvlgaen, Galway? Wendt, Tcteos
A l.ockinann.
Bark A i lea (Br), Snowden, Havre? Wendt, Teten* 1
Bockmann.
B rk J R flea (Br), Graham, Bordeaux? H J DeWolf A Co.
Bilg Arnold (NG), Leaser, Santander lor orders II Koop
Brig T A Dsrrell Br i. Locke. Montevideo.
Bng Beusbaw, Sylvester, St Martha and Savanllla? D De
Castro.
Brig Rush, Meklns, Point a Petre? 8pofTord Broa.
Brig nonunion Bird (Br), Stephens, Windsor, N9? Cran
dall, Bcrteaux ,fc Co.
Schr Daylight, McFadden, Barbados B J Wenberg.
Bcnr Kami E Fallens, Crocker, Port Antonio? B J Wen
berg.
Schr Mathilda Brooks, Jones, Charleston? Evans. Ball A
Co.
schr Irt? (Br), Brlckan. Newark? P I Nevlns A Hod.
Schr James Truman, Glbbs, Franklin -Topper A llnattle.
Se.nr Lizzie, Leljjhion, Boston -O Bo.irdmitn.
Schr Hay State. Seabury, Boston? B W Lewi* A Co.
Sloop iteport, Start, Norwich -H W Jackson A, Co.
Steamer Maytlower, Fti u, Philadelphia.)!
Steamer Tacony, Nicnoia, Philadelphia.
ARRIVALS.
REPORTED BT TBI HEHALD STEAM YAC1ITS.
Steamship City of Bristol (Br), Philips, Liverpool Oct 24,
via Vurenstown, with mdse and passengers, to John G Dale.
Experienced strong westerly gales throughout the passage.
Steamship Washington (Fr>, Rousaan, Havre via Brest,
Oct 28, with mdse and 147 passengers, to George Mackenzie.
Had strong westerly gnles moat of ibe passage.
Steamship Weaer Nu>, Wenke, Bremen Oct 38, Via South
ampton 31st. with mdse and passengers to Oelrlchs A Co.
Steamship Bremen (NO), Lildewigs, Hremnn Oct lift, and
Southampton 28th, with mdse and 614 passengers, to Oelricha
A o.
Steamship Wilmington, Cole, Galveston, via Key West
Nov 6, with mdse ana pawenuer*. to C H Mnllory ,t Co. 41h
Inst, lat io 2H. Ion 86 3D, passed steamship Clyde, hence for
Galveston.
t. Steamship Western Metropolis, Gasternen, New Orleans,
with mdse and passengers, to O H Mallory a Co.
Htenmalup Leo, Dearborn, Savannah, Nov 7, witn mdse
and pasnnger*. to^Murrav, Ferris A Co.
Steamship James Adger, Lockwood, Charleston, with mdse
and passengers, to H R Morgan A Co.
Steamship Wyanokn, Bourne, Norfolk, with mdse and pat
?engers, to Old Dominion Steamship Co.
Bark K B Lohe (NO). Haealoop, Port Elizabeth, COH, 74
day*, with wool to Patterson A Sons ve**el to Oelrioha A Co.
Pa**ed Cape of Good Hope Ang 26, and oroased tbe equator
Oct f>, In Ion 83; bad fine weather.
Hark Pactolu* (Br, new. MM tons', Dalrymple, Noel. N3, 18
dav*. in tmllaat, to J K Whitney A Co
Brig Zavalla William*, Vcsey, A<|Uln 20 days, with logwood
to Morrison A Bartow- vessel to 11 W Loud A Co. Had
strong northerly wind* an d spilt Mil* been 8 day* north of
flatter**.
Hrlg Morning Light, Dill, Mayagnei, 1* day", with augar
and molasses to L W A P Armstrong. Had fine weather up
to Hatteras from thenee 6 day* with NE winds.
Brfg M McRarlan* (Br), Hail, Glace Bay, CB, 18 day*, with
coal V> lieo H Brewer; vessel to |J F Whitney A Co. Had
strong N W gales the whole pamaue.
He.hr Sybil i llr), Fleming, Areclbo, PR. 17 day*, via Dela
ware Breakwater, with augar, Ao, to H 11 Swift A Co; vessel
to Ja* W Klwell A Co.
Puned Through Ilell dale,
BOUND SOUTH.
Steamship Neptune, Baker. Boston for New York, with
mdse and passeugers. to H F IMmock.
Bark Adelaide, Granger, Boston tor New York.
hehr J N Seymour. Ifart, New Haven for New York.
Schr David IVuraall, Backett, Greenwich for New York,
With atone to otder.
Schr Man, Mead, Greenwich for New York, with *tone to
order. _
acUr ewort Robert*, firldgaport fw New Yorfc
flehr Josephine, Buylls, Bridgeport for EltMbethport.
Schr OaviTBB^ I'otiey, Parker, Bridgeport for New ork.
Hcbr Jacob Lorlli?rd, Blakeley, Bridgeport for fclUabetn
port.
Sehr Circle, Hulae, Port Jefferson for New York.
Rchr M tuques, IIeaner, Providence for New York.
Schr Asher 8 Parker, Carpenter. Glen Cove for New York.
Sehr Bormuh, Churchlh, Windsor, N8. for Newjiork.
Schr Margartt?, Wanser, Glen Cove for New York.
Bcbr J W freeman, Chase, Providenoe for New ork.
Hehr Marlon, Smith, Portland forNew York.
Schr John Manlove, Providence for New York.
BoLur Pell 8 C Vought, Hallock, Providence for New York.
Bchr Saran, Fowler. North port for Flushing.
Solir Mary Elizabeth. Borden, Kali River for New York.
Fchr Pbrbe Elizabeth, Crosby, New Lon ion for New York.
Schr Kurah Keisey, Hangor, New Haven for New York.
Sclir Mary Patten. Boynton, Provldcnce for New >"rk.
Kchr Laura Robinson, Roblu.ou, Providenoe for New
Schr Tho? H Seymour, Burger, Providence for New York.
Bchr Ellen Perkins, Kelly, Providence tor New York.
Bcbr Maria L Davis, Davie, Providence for New York.
Bchr Union Flag, Maloney, Portland for New York, wltn
?tone to order.
Schr J W Thomas, Thomas, New Haven for New York.
Schr Chief, Phillips, Norwich for New Vork.
Bchr EUa Bays. Snow. Greenwich for New York.
Echr D 4 E Kelly, Keilv, Providence for New York.
Schr E F Meany, Stewart, Portland tor New York, wltn
?tone to order.
Schr F Merwln, Banc*, Providence for New York,
chr Saugatuck, Allen, Brookbaven for New York.
Bchr Edward P Brackell, Orient for New York.
Schr Carrie Bell, Ransom, Boston tor New York.
Schr Mary, Horton, Bangor for New York.
Bchr James Martin, Baker, Providenoe for New York.
Bchr R K Wellman, Palmer, Portland for New York.
Bohr N lan tic, Wilson, Taunton for New York.
Scnr J 11 Yoonr, Pratt, Providenoe for Ellzabethport.
Schr Silas Bralnard, BueU, Portland for New York, with
?tone to order.
Sehr Julia A Crawford, Young, Greenport for New York.
Bchr H P Ely, Stokes, Providence for New York.
S?:hr Josephine, Caswell, Narraeausett for New York.
Jchr Connecticut, Stewart, Providence tor New York.
Scbr E Pharo, Spear, Providence for Elizabeihpojt.
Schr Uattie E Sampson, Blake, Windsor, NS, for Philadel
phia.
Schr Luey Jane, Jones, Roeklaod for New York, with Mm*
to order.
Schr W H Mitchell, Cole, Shulee, NB, for New York, with
?pars to order.
Bchr Kioka, Jones, Jonesboro for New Tors.
Schr Sarah Jane Gurney, Gnrney, Providence for Elizabeth
port.
Schr E M P-nnell, Penneil, Machlas for Hew York, with
lumber to order.
Steamer Metis, Dans, Providence for New York, with
mdseand passengers.
Steamer Panther, Mills, Boston for Philadelphia.
Steamship El Cid, Smith, Norwich for New York.
BOUND KIST.
Bchr Evergreen, Tufts, New York for 8t John.
Bcbr Hesperus, Conary, New York for Boston.
Bchr Adelta, Youmt, New York for St John, NB.
8cbr S J Smith, Baldwin. New York for Hartford.
Schr A T Rowland, Rowland, Georgetown, DC, for New
Haven.
Schr Ida A Jayne, Jayne, Georgetown, DO, for New l<on
don.
k Schr Condova, Steedman, Philadelphia for Bristol, RI.
Schr R A Eilwarls, Edwards, Alexandria for Hartford.
Schr J H Wainwrlgbt, Abrauis, Philadelphia for Provi
dence.
Schr Decatur Oakes, Berry, Philadelphia for Somerset.
Bchr Cohasiet, Bennett, Philadelphia for New Bedford.
Wind at sunset N, fresh.
Marine Dlaoater*.
SnrPllANNAH Morris, Morris, from New York for Lon
donderry, which wu reported by cable as 'likely to prove a
total wreck," Is now staled to nave put back to Torv Island
8d Inst, dismasted. [A cable despatch dated Londonderry,
9tn, stated that the liannah Uorrla ha^ arrived at Lough
Foyle leaking.]
Brno Frontier, from Savannah for Providence, with
lumber, went on the rocks at Beaver Tall morning of 1 llto.
and remained till same afternoon, when she wa? got off ana
towed up to 1'iovioence by a tugboat and grounded on the
flats. She waa kept atioat by steam pump* while going up
the river.
Brig P M Tinker, at Vlnevard Haven, saw on the 8th
Inst, 40 miles K\V from Nomaa's Land, the topmasts, sup
posed of a sunken vessel.
BflHR M arietta Steklm an, at Mobile 6th Inst from Phlla
I delphia, reports that Frank Kcily, colored, of Long Island,
was lost overboard 20th uit, In a gale off Cape Hatter as.
Schr Edith B F.vkuman, Corson, at (Charleston 7th Inst
from Wilmington, Del, reports 6th Inst, about 40 miles eas?
of Cape Komaln. fell In with what appeared to be a sub
merged wreck, with the poop above water ana spars along
side looked like she might have been a herm brig.
Schr A H How*, Newbury, which arrived at Provldfoce
8th Inst from Philadelphia, strung a bad leak at sea, her
crew being nearly exhausted from constant pumping, one
obtained six men at Heaver Tail to assist at the pumps. Sho
waa taken in tow by the steaming William Cramp, and
placrid alongside the Worcester Railroad wharf, where sbo
has discharged her cargo of coal.
Oak ai. Tuo Vf.*mont was capsized 9th Inst in the North
River, opposite ni?r 13. from the waah of Sound steamer
Narrngansett, which was passing at the time. The colored
cook waa lost overboard and drowned,
UTiscellaneaus.
Captain Jas Cole, of the steamship Wilmington, from Gal
veston, has our thanks for favor*.
Purser C C Wildman, of the steamship Leo, from Sa
vannah, has our thanks for favors.
bCHR P a si*!. Weubtxr, of New Bedford, S6 tons, has
be**n sold by Capt BenJ Baker to Wm H Brackett, of Ban
gor, for $1.UU.
Charles Dlbhell, mate of sloop Gleam, of and from Clinton.
Ct, lor Newport, when off Watch Hill 6 AM 8th Inst, was se
verely Injure 1 In the head by the Jloing of the main boom. It
is reared his Injuries may prove laUl.
Launched? At Elm Park Rallwav, Btaten Island, a few
days ago, by Win H LIsseudeA, a line schooner of about ItW
tons measurement, built of seasoned white oak. She Is owned
by (iairett P Wright, C C Jones, Barnet Jones, John T Crit
tenden (who will command her) and Panl Van Name, all of
West Port ktichmoml, Slatun Island.
Whalemen.
Arrived at New London Mb Inst, bark Concordia, from
Cumberland Inlet, with 2oot) bbls wh oil and V.1,000 lbs bone.
Messrs Cbur.es Brewer k Co, ot Boston, have received a
despatch staling tbat the ship Ilanlel Webster, Oapt Marvin,
of New Bedford, at Honolulu, one of the ships saved from
the Arctic ileet, is to return home, taking on freight the oil
Ilom the other vessels wiilch have arrived at Honolulu? 22S5
bbls wh and 140 do sp oil, besiJes her own oatcb. Therefore
ship Ceylon, of Brewer's Hue, nt Honolu u, which was to load
for New Bedford with the catchings of the A rotlc fleet, will
proceed to Manila. sn I the Iol-inl, of the same line, at Hono
lulu, will remain there until spring, and then load what oil 1s
landed tnere. The destination of the same Hue, to leave
Boston In a Jew davs tor Honolulu, has not been decided
upon from t tie latter port, the Iolaui taking her place to re
turn to New Bedford,
Spoken.
Bark Sarah B Cann (Br), from New York for Antwerp, Nor
9, lai 41, Inn W> 30 (by pilot boat hope. No 1
Itark Hil lireport. Morgan, from Philadelphia for Oalres
ton. Nov 1, fio miles E or Ualveiton (at anchor, not having
had an obscrva Ion for tour days}.
foreign Ports.
A Hoy, Rent 9? In port ship Star of China Br\ Angus, for
New York, ldg, to sail in a few days; bark Ching-too Br),
Douglass, for do.
A njier. Sept 8? Arrived, ship John Temperley (Br), from
Manila for Boston.
Aquin. Oct SO? In port brig Louisa (Br), Bulford, for New
York In 16 days.
ARECIBO, PR, Oct 24? In port brlss Mapdala, for Balti
more, ldg Cuba, for New York, do: Kettle Emma, for do,
do schrs L F Warren, for do. do; Koret, for do, ulsg.
Calcutta, Oct 4? In port ships Klug Arthur (Brt, Tor New
York Savoir Kalre (Br), AUcblson; Lord Straphnairn (Br).
Sine air; Astronomer (Br), Kdgar; Dunham Br), Kerr, and
Geo li warren <Br>, Woodburj, for New York Sarah Hlg
nett, Burweil. and Winced lluutcr, Small, for Boston Jean
lngelow, Jacobs, for Havre.
Proceeding down the river Oct 4, ships Keiloek (Bri, Bevan,
for New York Ireshope (Br, llamsey, for Boston; Cieopa
tra, Doane, for Bombav.
gnlled from Bangor Sent 26, ships Alice Vennard, Hum
phrey, Dundee Oct 1, Juliet (Br), lluqulil, New York.
CakMinau, Nov 2? Sailed, brig Kobln (Br), Douglass,
^i.Va^ar, Oct M? S ?lled, bark Wnltehall, Priest, (from
Phil tdelphla), Leghorn; brlj Harry, Brown (Irom New Ynrk<,
Naples; 1th, bark Continental, Doane (from New York),
CeiiOA; brig Camille, Flckett (Irom New York), do; 20th,
bark Calcutta (ltal), Oarguello (from New York), Uenoa;
Slst, nark Ludwlg Heyn (NU), BcUmonlng (from Alexan
dria. El. New York.
Hong Kong, Hept 14-In port ships Rumstra, Mullen, for
San Francisco (since reported put back leaky Joi Clark,
Carrer, for do Shirley, Willromb, and Florelli, Peabo ly,
uric; Jennie Eastman, Getcheil, for Maulmeln; harks Felga
Pan', Lnurldsen, for Wliampoa, to load for New York Bubt
Fletcher (hr Brown, and ft Paull (Fr). Droscher, for do do}
A iidax, Robertson; Julia Ann, Baker, and Mary Belle Rob
ert*. Spearwater, uuc. _
Havana, Nov i- Palled, bark Trlano (So), Frgulono, New
York 3d, brig K B Gove, llarkness, north of Uutleras; schr
W II Meele. Buck, New Orleans.
A>rlved at do 8th, steamship Morro Castle, Porter, New
York via Nassau.
In port 4th. barks John flnfln Westberg, for New York,
ldg; Alexatidilna (Br), M'tchell, for Boston; Augustine
Kobbe. Dow T K Wei fen, Colson Norwegian (Br), Murray,
and Moruinj; Star (Br), Outhouse, unc; brigs Long Reach.
Blair; Florer.ee (Br), LcHlanc; Springbok (Br), Mulstrnm,
nn I Collega (Nor). Koch, for New York, ldg; Clara M Good
rich, McCart, for Bo-ton, do: American I'nion, Collins, an t
F P Sp). Igleslas, for Philadelphia, do; Clara J Adanis, Mc
Fadden; Mernwa, Waterhous"; John Pierce, Townsend;
Nellie Clifford, Lltt'.eiield. and J Polledo (Br). Dyer, unc;
tcb rs Linda, Newton; Frank Atwood. Curtis; Helen Hast
ings Br), Atlbrev, and United St:itea, Bennett, unc.
1 loxlo. Sept 9? In port ship St Albans (Br). Pike, for Bog
toil.
Liverpool, Nov 10? Arrived, ships Olad Tidings. Thomp
son, and Merom. Lowell, New York; British Commodore,
Qnlne, do; bark Prune Bird, Baker, tialveslon.
Londonderry, Nov 10-Arrlvei. steamship Sweden (Br),
Quebec for Liverpool (and proceeded).
.vi ANtt.A. Sept 11? In port ships Nestor (Tt), Plehaud Asa
Eldrldge, Baker; Clytle(Br), Toogoed, and Seaflower (Br),
Thomas, for New Vork (Iwo latter since reported aban
doned); Oalatea, Gardner, for Boston Highlander. Foster,
unc; Bunker Hill, Davis, for Cebu and Boston; Horatio.
Hardv, unc; Belvldere, Crowell, do; Mogul (Br), for San
Francisco (since reported at Hong Kong in distress); bark
Lochnagar (Br), for Boston.
MELBOURNE, Sept 6- -Sailed. Agra, M'ller, Sydney, NSW.
Monrovia. Oct 6? In port bark Wayfarer (Br;, Rogers,
from Sierra Leone.
Singapore, sept 14? Sailed, bark Clara, Nickels. Batavla.
In port fcept 23, barns Msry Nelson (Br), Dcshon. and
Artoloh (NO Meyer, for New York, ldg; Escort, Nichols,
and W A FarnsworU (Br', Howes, for B'leton, do.
QrREWHTOWN, Nov 10? Arrlvod, steamship China, Macau
lay, New York for Liverpool tatid proceeded).
Southampton, Nov 10? Arrived, steamship Tasmania
(Br), Asplnwall via St Thomas.
Bt J ago, Oct US? Sailed, bark Morning Star (Br), Wangh,
New York.
St Andrfws, Wl.jOot 18-In port schr Oen Putnam, for
New York In 14 days.
Sydney, CH, Nov 10? Sailed, brigs Napier, and Alfaratta,
New York Ben Nevis, Boston.
Wiiameoa, Hept III In port ships A L Ranflehl (Br), Sher
ris, and (Jiance (Br), Lus'jy, for New York, ldg.
Amerlcitn I'ortn.
BOSTON, Nov 9? Arrived, bark Esther, Lorlnf, Ootten
burg.
Cleared? Ship Alexander McNeil, Ke'leran, New Orleans;
bark Ph^nlx (Br), McKenrle, St Marys, tla, to load for Buo
nos Ayres; brig Harriet H McOilvery, Stubbs, Surinam;
schr R P Reynard, Mali, New Orioans; D (Jlfford. Jenrell,
Philadelphia Virginia, Bnsrse, do; Maggie Mulvey, Allen,
King's Ferry, Oa; Cabot, Parker, New York.
Sailed Kw-amer Nereus; barks M B Stetsoa, L T Stocker,
and Llisle brigs Ellen Bernard, and Navasota.
10th? Arrived, steamships Tripoli Br', froni? Llverpooi I;
Nyanza, do; Wm Crarre. Baltimore; Saxon, Philadelphia,
Nereus, New York; bark Isabel, Turks Island; brl| Aristo,
Surinam.
BALTIMORE, Nov 9-Arrlved, ship Hans* (NO),
Liverpool sehrs R C Thomas, Crockett, Fall Rjver yulck
step, Smith, New York; Isabel Alberto, looker, do; Wm Tlce,
riaeared?Htearnshlp Wm La wren oe, HaUett, Boston hark
Maggie M (Br), Mltebell, Aspinwall.
Sailed 8tn, bark Orecian, for Qnrenstown 9th, brig Atn
lete (Br), for Prince Edward Island. N._
HANOOR. Nov B?Cieaml. brig B P Smith, Dod^e, New
York; schr Potomac, Carver, do. Husan
BAiil, Novft-Salled, schrs Active, Philadelphia, Susan
8*BeLfA87\Nov 8? Sailed, schr Mary, Ollchrlst, Charles
BRIDGEPORT, Nov lO-'Arrived, schf Prbana^AIlM;
Siiuyten Duyvil: Mmne Klnne, Parsons, J(.J
White Rock, l^erty BUxa, Ball UWdem, L.owten, and Jos
E Potts, Elisabeth port Niagara, w or don. Uohoken.
Cleared- Brig <roroneU? (Br). Mc^ulJiKh, Walton, ftai
ante llo^e (br), UiU,
Sailed? 8chr Mary Lymhurnet, New York Eseart, Record,
do.
CHARLESTON, Not 8? Armed, schr Dandy (Br), Ballard,
Elenthera.
Cleared? Ship Reunion, Curtis, Liverpool bark Draupne^
fNor), lngoidsen, do.
loth ?Arrived, steamship Charleston, Berry, New York;
?chr Roerlle, Nassau.
CALAIS, Get 30? Arrived, schrs John Boynton, MlcheU,
New York Nov 1, 1 A H Crowley, do.
Cleared Nov 8, brig Anna D Torrey. Haskell, Philadelphia^
EAST MACillAS, Nov 6? Hailed, schr Nepiuue, Robinson*
New York. T
FALL KIVRR, Nor 8? Arrived, achr John Bhay, Hath J
way, Philadelphia.
GALVESTON, Nov 8? Arrived, schrs Nellie Crowell, Cro?
well, New York; J M Taylor, Gardner, Pensaoola.
Cleared Hark Sabine, Breaker, Liverpool; brig Vler Gef?
broeder Dutch), Klyn, Amsterdam.
9th? Sailed, steamship City of Uouaton, Pennington, New
York via Key West.
GEORGETOWN. 8C, Nov 1 -Arrived, ecbre 8tarllfh?. Bob
inson, Boston; 3d, Elvira, Bancroft, New York; 8d, steamer
Lizzie Baker. W b>'e, do for Savannah (pnt In for fuel and
?alleo same day); 6th, achr C 8 Weob, Day, Charleston.
Cleared tlth, achr Palraa, Grumley, New York. r
KKY WEST, Oct 98 -Arrived, schrs Sarah Hall, Cole, Ha?
vana 27th. Naontu, Smith, New York (and cleared 30th tot
Pensao la) SOtb, steamer Ella May, Campbell, do 31st, bark
La Ven.'zolaua (Fr), Monet, Santa Anna; schrs M N Llud
sey. Tresca, Havana; Nov 2. Goddeae. New York.
Cleared Nov 1, sohrs M N Llndney, Tresca, Manatee; Hoi>
net, Albnrv, Naaaau.
L LYNN, Nov 8 -Arrived, sehr A H Bel den. Mayo. New York*
MACH1AS, Nov 2-Salle.t, schr Presto, Drew, New York.
N K.w OKLKANS, Nov 9 Sailed, steamship CW Lord,
^OrVoLK, Nov' 8- Arrived, schrs Wallaos, Gardner, and
AMI! Smith, Harris, New York.
Cleared? Brig H Houston, Tup per, Barbados.
NEWBl'RYPORT, Nov 8? Arrived, schr Hiawatha, Lee*
^NEw'SIkdFORD, Nov 8-ArrIvea, sehr War Steed, Pbla.
D%i? SaUed'>eh te flaml O Hart, Kelly, and Henry A Tabeit
user, anu u n norm, uiBBuuru, new iuri.
NKWroBT, Nov 7, PM? Arrived, schrs Cyme Chambi
lain, Adams, Albany Nlantio, Pandleton, Taunton for Neir
York Julia Baker, Baker, New Bedford for do; Rllen Per*
kins. Kellev; Richard Law, Kldred, and Oregon, PlnkbanaJ
Providence for do J J Harris, Nichols, do for do; Favorite.
Clark, do for Greenport.
9th, 8 AM? Arrived, schr Thoe P Cooper, Sleeper, Fori
Johnsou.
Sailed? Schr lona. Haskell, New York (or Bangor).
NORWICH, Nov 8? Arrived, sohr James Alderdlce, Alletu
Philadelphia.
NEW LONDON, Nov 8 -Arrived, aebr* Clarissa Allen,
Hotchkus, Providence for New I'ork; Madagascar, Wall*
Bangor for do.
PENSACOLA, Nov 6? Arrived, achr* Nettle, Johnson, NeH
York Vernal, Routen, Galveston. I
Sailed? Bark American Eagle (Br), Harding, Fort Glaa?
?ow. I
PHILADELPHIA, Nor 9-Arrlved, brig Timothy Field/
Leland, St John, NB schrs Clara Jane, MeAllep, HlUsborol
C H Kelly, Collins, Windsor, NS; Addle Kyerson. PlkeJ
Kempt, NS; C L llerrlck, Baldwin, Bangor; Ann Elizabeth]
Kelly, Harwich; Thoe Borden, Allen, and M V Cook, Falkenjr
burg, Fall River; C E Jackson, Babcook; L A Danenhowor,
Grace J B Clayton, Ch.pman S A Hoffman, Hoffman A II
Dow, Young, and Jennie Mlddieton, Whltaker, Boston; J ad
Ponder, Hudson, Allyn's Point; A Woolley, Kmc. GlonceM
ter; R Seaman, Seaman, Providence Isaac Bleb, McGaUUiu
Newbury port.
Cleared Ship Athenals (Br), Baker. Antwerp; brig Harry
Vlrdeo, Collins, Genoa schrs C B Wood, Gandv, Chelsea j
Samne. Castner, Lake; Susan Stetson, Yates; M E Staplea
Dinsmore; Sa lle B, Bateman, and A L Dow, Young, Boston
T D Wilder, Klnnev: J Ponder, Hudson, and J E Pratt, Nick
erson, Salem J J Little, Bueman, Plymouth D bakes,
Kerry, Somerset Raven's Wine, York, Slonlngton; Minnie,
Errlokson, Mystic; C Davidson, Smith, New Haven.
Lrwks, Del, Nov 9. AM? In harbor, brig Prairie Rose!
from Turks Islands for Philadelphia, and 6 schrs. A bark it
coming In.
8 PM? The Spanish steamer Jose, lor Liverpool, went td
sea at U AM.
C.PROV1DICNCE, Nov 9 -Arrived, qphrs Bam) Wood. Wood*'
Ba tlmore; Curtis Tilton, Thompson. Philadelphia; C S Van*
dervoort, Kellev, do; L 8 Karnes, Coleman, Albany; Ontaw
rlo, Barber; Casco Lodge, Pierce; North Pacific. Katon, an<^
Damon, Johnson, Elizabethpor. Anthony Burton, Johnson j
do for Pawtucket :0bas A Grulner, Harvey; John Warren?
McOar, and Wm F Burden, Adams, Port Johnson; Mary
Shields, Waite, and J S Terry, Ruynor, do for Pawtucket!
Owen, Selllck, New York.
Cleared Schr* Webster Barnard, Smith, and Mary AnguM
ta Holt, Jacksonville.
Silled fcchrs Herschel. Chambers, Baltimore C W May,
Velsor, Philadelphia; Wm H Tiers. Glfford, do; StormJ
Sta.ib, Trenton; T P A bell, Fowler; J G Huntington, Fisher
Abigail Havm-s, Smith; I'avid A Berry, Waters; Maggifl
Bell, lla>l; Citizen, ITptou; Kale Scranton, Palmer; Mary A,
Pre lmore, Hart Iris, Grlllin, and Mlnquas, Heany, New
YorK. 1
RICHMOND, Nov 8? Arrived, schr* Horatio Nichols, D*4
pew, Albany; Hardscrabale, Kales, Kocklaud. I
ROCKLAND, Nov 3? Arrived, schrs Elizabeth. Hodgdon,
New York 4th, Justina, Kenniston, do; ttb, W C Hall, Tol
man, do; R S Hodgdon, do; 7th, G W Kimball Jr, Hall, and
Eena, Bishop, do. 1
Sailed Oct 34, sohrs James Henry, Trneworthy, New York)
Nov 3, M Bell, llall; Adrian, Hunt; Lucy Jane, Rhoadee, anil
Delaware, Snow, do; 4th, brig E Hall, Oliver, Fayal sohrs V
Bucklin, Bucklln. New Orleans; 7th, R Leach, Pendleton*
New York; L Fish, Wllley, Philadelphia; Deliance, Hall, and
W C Hall, Tolman. New York.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov 2 .-ailed, brig Bnnque (NG), HoJ
let, IqiliqilO.
SAVANNAH, Nov 8? Arrived, bark Norn (Br), Logans
PletOU, NS.
6ib? Arrived, schr Water Witch, Valentine, Spanish Walla,
Cleared? Schr Eugene Bo. da, Dukes (from New York)a!
Jacksonville.
10th? Arrived, sain* Brookville, Boston Virginia, Llvere
pool baik Antllla, Matan7.au. Below, one brig.
C'e4red? Steainihlp Oriental, Boston bark The Queen,
Liverpool schr Marian Gage, Philadelphia.
SALEM, Nov 7? Sailed, brig Adeline, Richardson (froadl
Marhlasi, Went Indies.
WILMINGTON, NC, Nor 8? Arrived, brigs Ocean Belli
Db.er, Altavela, Cousins, New London schrs Mary
Holt, lllgglns, Boston; Gettysburg, Corson, New Yorlr.
3
3
M1WCEL.L.ANBOP8*
A? THE CAD8K AND CD HE ^OF COWSDM PTION.-j'
The prlmaiy cans" of Conmtmption Is derangement o
the digestive organs. This derangement produces dellclcn
nutrition and asilmllatlin. By assimilation I mean thai
process by which the nutrlroeot ot the food is rnnvsried InM
blood, and thence Into the solids o( tfc? body. Pi-nwutf will
digestion thus Impaired, haviug the slightest predispoeitfoi
to pulmnnary dlseas*. or If they take cold, will be verj
lia le to have consumption ot the Lungs in some ol
Its lorme; and I hold thst H will be Impossible t<
cure any case of Consumption without first restorlni
a goo. i digestion and healthy assimilation. The veiy firs
thing to be done Is to cleanre the stomach and boweis fron
all diseased mucus and slime which Is Hogging those orgam
so that thev cannot perform their functions, and then ronei
up and res (ore the liter to a healthy action. For this pnt
pose the forest an I b>st remedy Is SCHENCK'S MAN.
DK AKK PILLS. These Pills cleanse the stomach and bowell
of a i the dead and morbla slime that le causing disease am
decay In the whole system. Tuev will clear out of the llvei
all the diseased bile that has accumulated there, and arouw
It up to a new and healthy action, by which natural ant
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver are thue cleansed br th<
use of Scheuck's Mandrake Pills; but there remains In thi
stomach an ezress of acid, the orgm Is torpid and the appa
tlte poor. In the bowels the lactea.* are weak, and requlr
Ing strength and sun.iort. It Is In a condition like this thai
Sclienca's Seaweed Tonic provee to be the mostvalnabU
remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline, and Its use will nen
tralize all excess or acid, making the stomach sweet ant
fresh It will give permanent tone to this Importan
orgm, and create a good, he irtv appetite, and orenan
the system for the first process of a good digestion
and ultimately make coo 1, healthy, living blood. After tlih
preparatory treatment, wliat remains to cure most cases oi
consumption Is the free and persevering use of Schenck'l
Pulmonic Srrup. The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system,
fiurlPes the blood, and is readily absorbed ln;o the circular
Ion, nn l thence distributed to the diseased lungs. Tnere It
ripens all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses
oi tn' crcles, and then assists n.itnre to expel all the diseases
matter In the form of free eipectoration, when onoe If
ripens. It Is then,
ties of Schenck'l
ties are benled n
The e sentlal t H
get up a good appetft* anil a good digestion, so that the bod*
will grow In flesh and get strong. If a person has diseased
I nnrs, a cavity or abscess there, the cavity cannot heal, tbQ
matter cannot ripen, so 10113 as the system Is below pari
What Is necessary to cure Is a new order of things, a good
appetite, a good nutrition, the body to grow in tlesu and gel
fat; then nature is helped, the oartiles will heal, th.> matte*
will ripen and be thrown off in large quantities, an.i the per?
son regain health an 1 strength. Tins Is the true and only
plau to cure consumption, aud If a person Is very bad, It the
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even If one lung le entirely
gone, If tnere Is enough vitality left In the other to heal upu
there Is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one sonndl ting
live and en)ny life to a good ol 1 age. This Is what Schenck'l
Medicines will do to cure consumption. Thev will clean oul
th" stomach, sweeten and strr ri^then it, get up a go d dlgee*
tlon an I give Nature the assistance she needs to clear thtj
ystem of all the disease tbul is lu the lun^s whatever tU?
Onn mav be.
It is important that while iisjn Schenrk's Medicines, are
should be ex?rel?ed not to tano cold; keep indoors in coo
and damp weather: avoid nlgUt air and take outdoor exer
else uulv in a genial and warm sunshine.
1 wish It dlstlnollv nn erstood that when I recommeud 4
patient to l>? carnlul In regard to taking cold while uslug my
medicines I do so for a special reaiou. A man who has tail
partially recovered from the effects of a bad cold ts far
more liable to a relapse tban one who has been entirely
cured, and It is irreclsely the same In regard to consump*
tion. So long as the lung* are not perfectly healed lust sd
long is there Imminent danger of a full return of the disease.
Hence it is that I So strenuously caution pulmonary patient*
against exposing themselves to an atmosphere thai
is not genial and pleasant. Confirmed consumptives*
lungs aro a mass of sores, which the least change of
atmosphero will inflame. Tho grand secret of my success
with my medicines oomdsts in my ability to subdue Intlam
mati in Instead of provoking It. as many of the faculty div
An indn med lung cannot with safety to the patient be ex
posed to the biting blasts of winter or the chilling winds ot
sprln? or autumn. It should be caret ully shielded from air
Irritating Influences. The utmost caullon should be observed
In this particular, as without it a cure under almost any
circumstances is an impossibility.
'1 he person should be kept on a wholesome and nutrition*
diet, and ail the medicines cont.uued until the body baa
restored to it the natural quantity of flesh and strength. J
I was m\self cured by this treatment of the worst kind oC
consumption, and have lived to get fat and hearty these
many vcars with one lung mostly gone. I have cured thoa^
sands luce, and very inar.r have' beau cured by this treat*
ment whom I have never seen. J
About the 1st of December I exnect to take possession of
my new building at tho northeast corner of Sixth and Area
streets, where I shall be uleased to give advice to all who may
re inire It,
Full directions accompany all my remedies, so that a perj
son In any part of the world can be readily cured by a strict
observance of the same. _
S. H. 8CI1ENCK. M. D., Philadelphia.
JOHN K. HENRY, No. 8 College place, New York, whole*
sale agent.
A -HUMAN HAIR SWITCH KS. FIRST QOALITfJ
not dyed balr, no crimped hair In, solid hair, St InohejF
long, weight SIW oiiuces, only W#: 'iclies, weight
ounces, itel; 8t> Inches, weight ounces, 60; 89 lucheS|
weight 3 ounces, only $9. The only ln*Por*yr wUorw tails
wholesale prices. CHARLES V. PtfOKHAM. W7
near Amity street, and 28 1 Grand, corner of Ohryslie street l,
sent (X O. i?., by express, upon receipt ot color by mail,*
Correspondents answered.
A B90LUTE DITOROB8 LEGALLY OBTAINED FRO\C^
A the courts of dltlerent Slates. No publicity. Art vie*
free. Notary Publlo an.l Oommlsslonsf for every State.
F.I.KING Oouuiollor-at-Law, St# Broadway.
GRADUATE OF THE N. Y. t'NIVERfllTY (MKDICAI#
College) and ft. C. Surgeons, London, can be consulted
on Diseases of the Pel vlo Viscera. A practice of 40 years en
ables bun to guarantee permanent cures or no charge^'
OOloe 30 Centre street, near Cnambcra. R. OOBBETT, M. D.i
BAROAIN8 IN TKAK, COFFKES. GROCKRIKS ANO
Provisions: warranted to suit the palate and the pocket?
or the million. THOMAS R. AGNF.W,
WW Qreenwlch street, New York, y
VERY MOTHER WHO REGARDS THE LIFE AN0
health of her child should possess MRS. WINALOW'S
goOIHlutt SYRL-F. It I. .Hol land well ti^d remedy.
Rheumatism caw Bf: curkd with buas' RBEUi
matlc Remedies. One trial will convtnee the sufferer#
ratlents treated dally from 1 to 2, gratis. 01B Broadway. v
QTAMMBRING and STUTTRRINO TRKATED AN rf
M. pertnansntiy eurcd is a short time at the Healing EsUb
lishment ot Dr. JOII. KICK, from ilaniburg (Germanfls
m Second avenue, New York. C?aaultMloo lJ (0 1 A. H
E