TITE PRESS.
WEDNESDAY MORNING. NOV. 29,1871.
_ arprl-Buli Thieve*.
It is not an unreasonable demand that
Democrats make when they require Republi
cans to bestow some of that reformatory zeal
which has been exhibited in the war against
Tammany, in denouncing and bringing to
justice the harpie9, calling themselves Repub
licans, who are said to have increased the ag
gregate debt of the Southern States about
$150,000,000 since the war. They may be
be called Republicans, because the majority
of them have have acted with the progressive
party, though some of the most disreputable
have been prominent in the opposition ranks.
There are several reasons why'the dishonest
carpdt-bagger is considerably more despicable
than an ordinary thief. In the first place he I
goes South as a sort of missionary, carrying
Northern culture, humanity, sagacity and
practical skill to a region supposed to have
beeh despoiled of all these things by the in
fluence of slavery. He goes as the advocate
of civil and political equality. He goes as a
protector and educator of a newly emancipat
ed race, and as the representative of the par
ty to which all moral progress effected in the
politics of the United States during the last
quarter of a century, is due. If he turns out
to be a mere selfish, vulgar speculator and
thief, he does all that one individual can to
bring contempt on a most righteous cause, to
hinder the progress of education and the es
tablishment of good feeling in the South and
to impair the usefulness of a party whose
worn is noi yet uoue. lie outlays me mno
cent ami helpless people of whom he has
assumed to he the guardian, and his crimes
have already in some instances remanded the
freedmen to the tender mercies of their old
masters and the persecutions of the Ku-Klux.
Radical corruption has given place to Con
servative corruption and cruelty.
Another and less weighty reason why a
Radical, carpet-bag robber is the most despic
able of mon, is that the reproach which be
longs to him as an individual falls on the
whole class of Northern emigrants to South
ern States, some of whom are as honorable
gentlemen as can anywhere be found. To be
“a carpet-bagger” will soon, we fear, be of it
self enough to make any man infamous,
though he should be as upright in purpose
and as pure in character as Senator Ames of
Mississippi or Hon. E. A. Buck, late Repre
sentative from the Mobile district—two men
of whom Maine is justly proud.
There is some doubt whether a great deal
of the increased debt of the Southern States
is due to absolute theft, but much of it repre
sents recklessness, ignorance and unprinci
pled self-seeking. The greater part of it is
due to a system of State aid to railroads—a
system that has reduced several of the South
ern States to the verge of repudiation and
bankruptcy, and yet, singularly enough, has
not yet become sufficiently odious to restrain
some of our own people from asking to have
jt transplanted and acclimated here!
But the real typical carpet-bagger has had
more than one resource besides using the
public money to build railroads and incident
ally to improve his private fortunes. An ac
count of a single transaction, lately brought
to light in connection with the exposure of
Gov. Bullock of Georgia, well illustrates one
of the methods of carpet-bag procedure. The
building which is now the State capital of
Georgia was built for an opera house, but,
1-•_l' !1. J At.
the building was bought at auction by the
Governor’s most intimate friend for §30,000.
The purchaser completed it for $70,000, and
after a number of failures at last found a Leg
islature complaisant enough to purchase it
for $380,000! This is a mere bagatelle com
pared with the magnificent irregularities of
Tammany, to be sure, but it is such a one as
the Republican party ought not to be made
responsible for. Where men acting with the
Republican party in any part of the country
are known as persons of this “speculative”
turn of mind they should be remorselessly
hunted down.
Siridiug tlic Profits*
Yes, “Publicus,” the Press will gladly
“lend a hand.” We have already done what
we could, in our humble way, to encourage
the movement for building up manufactures
in Portland. As for Mr. Kimball, we ap
plaud the energy he displays in the matter.
That gentleman’s politics or religion is noth
ing to us on this occasion. His views on the
subject of manufactures are what we are dis
cussing. Certain propositions that he has
made as the representative of the Board of
Manufactures we thought susceptible of ju
dicious amendment. We think so now, with
out reference to his views on State rights or
transubstantiation.
This amendment, looking to the more
equitable distribution of the profits of the en
terprises w'liich the city is asked to foster
with the taxpayers’ money, “Publicus” per
emptorily rejects. We do not believe that
Mr. Kimball will. We are convinced that
the proposition to bestow whatever encour
agement the city has to offer upon coopera
tion associations is one that will meet his
nmtrmf ami A....__
respondent argues that cooperation is a fail
ure. He is mistaken, we think. It has fail
ed sometimes, but where it lias been faith
fully and intelligently tried, as at Eochdale
and other places in England, it has succeeded
beyond all expectation. In conjunction with
a school system giving laborers the universal
intelligence that will enable them to combine
and organize, it is the thing to which we
must look to save this Republic from the mo
nopolies and immense concentrations of
wealth that threaten first to corrupt, then to
weaken, and finally to destroy its democratic
institutions. Here is an opportunity to try
cooperation under new and exceptionally fa
vorable circumstances. Where has it ever had
such aid as it is proposed by “PublicuS” and his
associates to give to capitalists to insure them
a return of from six to twenty-five per cent,
on their investments
Some practicable plan for bestowing the
city’s bounty on the many instead of on the
few, if the city has it to bestow, would be not
only more equitable in the abstract, but would
subserve higher and more general interests
and be far more consonant with the broadly
humane spirit of democracy and of modern
civilization. It is something well calculated
to commend itself to the generous nature of
Mr. Kimball and the excellent gentlemen who
are associated with him—men whose business
sagacity is enobled by a Christian philanthro
py
One word as to the “utilitarian policy of
the Republican party,” to which our corres
pondent refers. The utilitarianism of the
progressive party has been much broader than
he perceives. It is a glorified utilitarianism
—the utilitarianism, we say it reverently, of
God. It has In the past looked for the high
est use only in perfect justice. It has ignored
all considerations of present advantage or
disadvantage—of immediate gain .or loss.
Real utility it has expected to find only in
absolute right. According to the reckoning
ol the mere cent, per cent, business man, the
large investment iik.
cunty which it made in subduing rebellion,
extirpating slavery and establishing equal and
political rights ou imperishable foundations
was a poor one. But undoubtedly it will
prove the best one humanity ever made. It
is in this kind of enlightened utilitarianism
that the Republican party has won its best,
and indeed its only triumphs. But when it
has so far degenerated as to trust to utility of
a lower grade, and to lend itself, as a party,
to the promotion of ends narrower tlian those
of the universal good and right, its mission
will be over.
Montgomery Blair was well nigh for
gotten until the other day, when he inveigled
2r:rttoSi,V« sPrin2s, (Which some
witii OTiaJu"” W‘U remember in connection
place and“ f
Blair family, Congressmen we"" meowed for
a purpose) and actually ied the fellow into
performing a resurrection for that gentleman
Bnt the garrulous old man went too iar jI('
told the reporter that President Grant is oul
a soldier, had never read a book, cheated
Montgomery and the Democrats had no pol
iticians in his kitchen cabinet as had Andrew
Jackson, has no statesman in his cabinet
and no advisers at all. Mr. Blair has publish
ed a card saying that he did not say these
things—that is, for publication. The sage of
Silver Springs is disgusted with an adminis
tration that has no Blair admitted to its coun
sels or permitted to feed at the federal treas
ury It is a stupid administration not to ap
preciate so versatile a family as the Blairs
have proved to be ever since the time of Old
Hickory’._
There are now pending in both branches
of Congress no less than forty measures mak
ing positive grants of the public lands in all
parts of the country west of the Mississippi,
not including several acts of incorporation and
others loaning the credit of the United States
e tlier in bonds or guarantees of the payment
of interest on bonds by the government. II
Congress hears the voice of the country at
large, it will reject the whole of this batch oi
jobs. ___
Political Notes.
The Iowa representatives just arrived in
Washington report that Hon. Wm. B. Alli
son has a clean majority of the legislature of
that State in favor of his election to the Sen
ate.
The Democratic politicians resident and
lately arrived in Washington are discussing
Montgomery Blair’s statements with much
interest and not altogether favorable com
ment. Representative Beck of Kentucky
says that in his opinion the Democrats had
better keep silence at present and not confess
themselves beaten in advance, while Senator
Kelley of Oregon pronounces the new depar
ture unsuited for the Democrats of the Pacif
ic coast, and likely to result in disorganiza
tion and defeat.
The Syracuse Standard is an anti-Grant
paper. But, referring to the suggestion of a
coalition, it says: “The anti-Grant Republi
cans purpose to fight it out within their own
party; and if they are beaten will cheerfully i
i ii -It l>.1 mi_
to Juiiv nui iuc jlaimj onvj J
the Democratic wooing in advance.”
The Florida Ku-Klux. —Senator Scott
and Representative Maynard of the Ku-Klux
Committee lia/e laid before the President a
carefully prepart'd abstract of the evidence re
cently taken of the state of affairs in Jackson
and Calhoun counties, I’la., accompanying it
with a verbal recommendation that the habeas
corpus be suspended in one or both of the coun
ties, and troops be stationed within their lim
its to restore and maintain peace and order.
Senator Osborn of Florida, fully concurs in the
necessity of the proposed measure, and there is
little doubt that it will be promptly adopted.
Twelve witnesses from Jackson county, whom
the committee examined at Jacksonville, one
hundred and sixty miles distant, still remain in
that place, not daring to return to their homes
so’ long as they are not afforded federal protec
tion. Jackson county, according to all ac
counts, is more thoroughly under the reign of
‘Ku-Klux terror than perhaps any other in the
South, having, though largely Republican, an
unbroken Democratic board of officials, and the
negro element in political affairs completely
suppressed. There are now no troops in either
Jackson or Calhoun coun ties, and Duke Lott,
the ruffian, who is supposed to have assassinat
ed Col. J. Q. Dickinson, formerly of Benson,
Vt., at Mariahna, the county seat of Jackson,
last spring, is still at large, the terror of both
counties. In Madison county, the situation is
not much hotter, thirty-seven murders have oc
curred within the past year, and none of the
cri minals apprehended or punished. The election
of two members of the legislature, in Jackson
county, on the 19th of December, is the imme
diate occasion for the action which is sought ot
the President.
Discriminating Fares —A writer in the
Lewiston Journal complains of discriminating
fares. He says:
The Press in its recent issue on railroad
fa:esdidnot allude to some conditions which
affect the city of Portland not a little. Previ
ous to the introduction of a railroad from Beth
el to Portland, the fare by stage was never over
two dollars. Now by railroad it is two dollars
and eighty-five cents, or about four cents a
mile. From Oxford to South Paris, a distance
of six and a half miles, it is forty-five cents, or
about seven cents a mile. In consequence of
high fares and no allowance on return tickets,
citizens of Bethel pretty generally go through
to Boston without stopping at Portland. It
costs a person from eight to ten dollars to go
from Bethel to Portland and back, in the
shortest possible time. Most persons look at
that sum before they start, and the conse
quence is that comparatively few of the citi
zen- travel over the railroad. Many persons
travel more with their own teams than former
ly. If any one wants to see the effects of cheap
fares and return, or season tickets, let him con
trast the growth of the suburban population on
the west and east side of Portland for the
unvuvj jvoio. iicaiuciiwi u*. 1 uuidiiu UdU
obtain return tickets to Bethel ami back with
reduced fares, but no person in Bethel can pur-
chase a ticket to Portland and back with any
reduction. If a train stops short of Portland
over night, extra fare must be paid to reach
Portland the next day, because no through
ticket can be purchased, Bailroads have their
rights which should be respected, and so have
the people. Individuals are often unreasonable
in their demands as well as railroads. A uni
form adjustment of railroad fares, so as to
avoid so much friction between the employees
of the road and tli* public, is certainly very de
sirable.
The New U. S. District Attorney in
Utah.—Tliq attention of the public has been so
generally called to the federal courts in Utah
that there is doubtless some desire to know
into whose hands the interests of the prosecu
tion have fallen by the recent appointment. The
Cleveland Leader says:
We see it announced that George C. Bates, of
Chicago, has been appointed District Attorney
for Utah, and will speedily enter upon his du
ties. No better appointment in our judgment
could have been made if natural ability, hard
study, great energy, and extensive practice will
qualify a man for such a position. Beared to
the bar by TTolin C. Spencer of New York, one
of the ablest lawyers of this day, Mr. Bates
was appointed District Attorney of -Michigan,
by President Harrison in 1841, and acted as
such for four years. In 1848, he was again ap
pointed to the same position by President Tay
lor, and in 1852 was sent to California as special
council for the government by Thomas Ewing
and Thomas Cowin, respectively, Secretaries of
the Interior and Treasury Departments, the
government being then involved in law suits
concerning immense interest in its own courts
in California. Since 18H0 Mr. Bates has resid
ed in Chicago, engaged in extensive practice,
aceummulating a handsome property, all of
which was swept off in the great lire of last
month. In Utah the presumption is that the
government will soon require the highest legal
taleut to protect its property from the shapers
and speculators who will seek and are now
seeking to appropriate some exceedingly valua
ble properties to their own uses. Suits are even
now pending there in which millions are at
stake. George C. Bates is just the man to see
that no wrongs are doue the government and
its interest could not be confided to better
hands.
The U. 3. Court in Utah.—In the court
Tuesday forenoon the case of Brigham Young
for lewd and lascivious cohabitation was called
up and upon a motion of the prosecuting at
torney ordered for trial next Monday. Mr.
Hempsted, for the defence, protested against
the order on the ground that it would be im
possible to have his client here at such short
notice. He asked for two weeks which was re
fused. Clawson and Bates were brought up on
the same charge and filed a plea in abatement
founded upou the illegality of the Grand Jury
which was overruled.
Upon the charge against Brigham Young,
William Hickman, M. Maehin, Simon Dalton,
G. D. Grant, Porter Rockwell and Com. Kim
ball, for the murder of Buck at Warm Springs
in 1857, the court is ongaged in hearing a mo
tion of Hempsted to quash the indictment on
the following grounds: First, that the Grand
Jury improperly designated the offence as mur
der in the first degree. Second, that there is
no proper description of the defendants. Third,
that there is no certainty in the allegation of
the date of the offense. ‘Fourth, that the de
ceased is not alleged to have been alive at the
time of tllfi ill loir,wl miml.'P Kiftli tlinrn iu V.«v
allegation that the defendants conspired to
getlier or that they were present in aiding or
abetting or were accessories before the fact.
Sixth, the insufficient description of the means
by which the killing was effected. Seventh,
that the names of the witnesses were not en
dorsed upon the indictment as required bv the
statutes.
Literary Items.—The Salem Lyceum hav
ing invited Mr. Emerson to speak every year
for the last forty years, has received a letter
from that gentleman, in which lie modestly
asks to be excused this year, on the ground
that he is in the way of younger and fresher
men.
Hon. Mrs. Norton inserted in a letter, osten
sibly treating of copy-right, the assertion that
Mrs. Henry Wood, better known as the author
of “East Lynne," had stolen the materials of
that novel from one of Mrs. Norton’s earliest
stories. The quiet scorn with which she allud
ed to the larceny of which that “other person”
had been guilty was in the highest degree ex
asperating, and accordingly Mrs. Wood sprang
into the arena, hurling, figuratively, her indig
nant bonnet upon the ground, anil protesting
with all the emphasis of disheveled back-hair
anil defiant lungs that Mrs. Norton was the
sort of person with whom fa te decrees that Mr.
Hreeley shall forever argue.
The New I ork Churchman warns the Nation
against “the weakness and folly of a feeble im
itation of the Saturday Review,” “the active or
gan of the best phase of British Philistinism—
the educated, cultured, aristocratic phase,”
which “believes in the stomachs of men, and
has small faith in their souls.”
It is said that the Harpers pay Messrs. Os
;ood Co. a large sum of money to discontinue
Every Saturday as an illustrated paper. It is
tlso said that the two publishing houses have
included a treaty of peace and amity, and 1
vill henceforth respect each other’s arrange-
nents with foreign authors. I
Max Muller’s Lectures on the Science of Rcli
tion are now ready for the American market in
1 collected form. They are sure to attract the
ittention which they deserve on account as well
l£ the eminence of the author, as the high im
portance of the subject.
wWw“'o'!’"'Uew poem' the Divi™ Tragedy,
which took the world so much by surprise by
oming unannounced is being extensively pZ
lished in newspaper extracts that give little
,dc*Ji of it and that an unpleasant vne. i
Union Depot nt IVnlmiUf.
Waterville, Nov. 23, 1871.
To the Editor of the Press:
A committee of tlic directors of the Maine
Central Railroad, after several conferences with
l committee of the trustees and faculty of
Colby University, have negotiated for the pur
chase of a tract of land directly opposite the
south college building, where they will locate
the junction and union depot of the roads from
Augusta aud Lewiston. The house and lot ad
joining, owned by Prof. S. K. Smith, will also
be purchased by the company for the same pur
pose. By a special agreement, the land pur
chased of "the college authorities is to be occu
pied only by the depot, which will be a hand
some structure. The portion of the lot border
ing upon College street is to be ornamented
with trees and shrubbery at the joint expense of
the college and the railroad corporation. A
right of way, 50 feet wide, across the college
property immediately north of Prof. Keely’s
house, is also given to the company, with the
condition that no buildings of any kind shall be
erected upon this road way.
It is also stipulated that the track now run
ning across the college premises by the side of
the river shall be abandoned. This, will be of
advantage to the college corporation, which can
uow proceed to grade and terrace the lands in
the rear of the college buildings, down to the
bank of the river.
We understand that, if the season will per
mit, the two roads will be united at once,
though the building of the union depot will
necessarily be deferred till spring.
Winslow.
Tt aoi.l fli t \fr fimnnnr’< T i fi n P! 11:11 Work
the coming winter will be to press some measure
that will secure specie payment. On this sub
ject the Journal of Commerce says:
We have from several sources as many differ
ent plans to be presented to Congress providing
for a return to specie payments. Any one of
them would answer, but it is of no use to pub
lish or advocate them. Years ago we suggested
several practical methods of accomplishing this
object, but we have long ceased to press any ar
gument in their favor. It is labor wholly lost.
A large majority of the people arc in favor of
specie payments, but hardly a corporal’s guard
can be found who are willing to submit volun
tarily to the process through which alone it
can be reached. Few men, suffering from a
chronic ailment only to be cured by this
means,however much they may long for health,
will lie down patiently under the Surgeon’s
knife and submit calmly to the surgical opera
tion that may be necessary to restore them to
soundness. When they are brought face to
face with death, they will call the surgeon, but
only in a desperate case will they choose this
trial. In like manner all men respect virtue,
aud every decent man will record himself as in
favor of righteousness of life;bntas this can only
be reached through personal self-denial and sacri
fice no such perfection is found in actual expe
rience. The very persons now most clamorous
to have the Secretary of the Treasury lead off
in the progress toward the specie standard,
would cry out in louder tones the moment any
advance was made, and they began in any way
to feel its effects, and bid him stay his hand.
When the movement is made, it will be invol
untary, unpremeditated, and under a compul
sion that cannot be resisted.
December Magazines.—Work and Play
published by Milton Bradley Co., Spring
field, Mass., closes its second volumn with the
December number. It is one of the cheapest
juvenile periodicals in the country, besides
being one of the best “A Christmas Tale,
translated from the German, and the eighth
paper by Charles Dudley Warner on “Boys as
Farmers” are the most noticeble features in the
December number. It is accompanied by a fine
oil cliromo, called “Dicky’s Funeral. Only $1
for 15 months.
Tlis Herald of Health for December contains
a remarkable paper on How Best to Promote
the Cause of Temperance which is rich with
new thought and written in elegant style. The
programme for 1872 is worthy of attention, first
The Herald will bo sent without premium for
one year for $1,25, or with a dollar aud a half
book entitled Physical Perfection for $2,00. A
series of remarkable papers on Health by the
Old Wliters will be an important feature. The
first will be a Lecture delivered in Harvard
University in 1804, on The Effect of Tobacco,
Licentiousness, and Drink on Health of Young
Men. It was by Prof. Benjamin Waterhouse.
Samples ten cents. Address Wood Hol
brook, 15LaightSt., New Fork.
Popularity of Emanuel.—A special dis.
patch from Rome says Victor Emanuel was re
ceived with tremendous enthusiasm by the
Italian Parliament. In his address he said the
work to which he had devoted his life was com
pleted. Au intimation that there was a neces
sity of conciliating the Vatican was coldly re
ceived. At the conclusion of the ceremonies of
the opening of Parliament he was called to the
balcony twice by the populace. The city was
grandly illuminated in the evening. The'Pope
was consoled by the priests.
A Ball Extracted at Last.—At the battle
of Gettysburg, Col. C. W. Westbrook of Kings
ton, was shot in the hip, the ball fastening it
self in the bone so it was impossible to cut it
out. During the past eight years this wound
has been an extremely painful one. Last sum
mer it became much worse, and for a time Air.
Westbrook was thought to be in dangor of his
life. A trip by sea, to Portland, however, had
a beneficial effect, and since that time the ball
has been moving from the hip toward the spine
and Tuesday evening the ball came so near the
surface that it was taken out by Dr. Loring.
The ball is a heavy miuie weighing over an
ounce, with rough jagged edges. It came out
just six inches from the place of entrance.—
Kingston (N. 1'.] Pii/icr._
An Incident ok the Chicago Eire.—Rev.
Dr. Bolles of Chicago, in an address in Boston
on Monday, descriptive of the destitute condi
tion of the unfortunate churches of that city
related a striking iuoident of the fire which
seems to have little, if any, publicity. In ac
cordance with a promise made to the young
men of the parish who enlisted to serve the
country against the rebellion, a beautiful mon
ument, costing about twenty-five thousand dol
lars, was erected in the vestibule of St. James
church, to the memory of those who fell; and,
although the edifice in which it stood was now
in ruins, the monument remained uuliarmed,
as if screened from the fire by the hand of the
Almighty.
Items.
Surprise parties are not so fashionable .in
Bridgeport, Ct., as they were previous to a re
cent visit upon a lady where the party carried an
unlimited supply of provisions for a fine supper
which were quietly put away in the pantry as
an accepted donation. After staying several
hours the party went away “hungry as bears."
The New York Post hears that Secretary
Fish will soon retire from the cabinet because
he will stay no longer, while Attorney General
Akerman will retire from very different reas
ons.
An exchange says that ten million dozen cor
sets were imported into the United States last
year. This is only three apiece for every man,
woman and child in the country, or counting
out men and children, about ten for every
American woman.
The Czar of Russia does not propose to have
his railroad system in case of war to be a plague
as was that of France, brinnging the enemy to
the walls of Faris, so he has fixed upon a differ
ent gauge from that of any of the adjoining
counties.
gvA A A Ah JN If W S.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal learns that parties con
template running a stage between Lewiston
and Hotel Road or Danville Junction, to con
nect with the Grand Trunk Railway. This is
to accommodate passengers wishing to go to
Boston by boat.
N. W. Harwell, E. F. Packard, J. H. Roak,
Miller Randall, John F. Cobb Co., and a
large number of others of file principal busi
ness men of Lewiston and Auburn give notice
that they propose to petition the Legislature of
Maine for authority to construct a railroad be
tween Lewiston and Danville Junction, or some
other point on the line of the Grand Trunk
Railroad.
OXFORD COUNTY.
Joseph Twitched, the first white ehild horn
in the limits of what is now the town of Bethel
died on the 25th of November, in the 'JOtli year
of his age. The Lewiston Journal says his
grandfather, Joseph Twitched, was one of the
principal original proprietors of the town
which was run out by him into lots in 1760. His
son Eleazer built the first mill and dwelling
house in the town in 1774, and raised a large
family of children of which Joseph was one.
Mr. Twitched has thus lived to see the wilder
ness changed into a thriving town, while he has
survived idl his companions save one who was
older than himself.
Mrs. Thomas Aden, of Rumford, savs the
Oxford Democrat, was recently dangerously in
jured by a man named Wait, while endeavoring
to keep him from going into her barn to haul
ivvay hay, which lie owned, or claimed to
own.
The Democrat says the widow of the late
John Caldwell of South Paris, who was stricken
vitli paralysis a fortnight ago, died on Satur
lay last.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The Bangor Whig says up to Monday evening
>l\ Morrison had gained no intelligence of the
'’hereabouts of his son, who has been miss
ng since Friday forenoon.
The Bangor Whig says sixty-eight vessels
vere in port loading at noon Monday, and a
urge number went out full laden in the fore- 1
mini. Freights are very high now.
Three thousand bushels of potatoes came
lown over the Bangor Piscataquis Railroad
o Bangor on Monday.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
An Authentic History
>f Ike War between CScrmaiiy and France i
’itli Biographies ol the principal actors tlnreiu. Al
an account o» the Civil War uni) Keiga ol
’error in Pniia. Over 800 pages, and 150 illus
“atioris. Sold only l>y subscription. ATWELL l
gent tor Portland. aulOeodtt SN
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BUENETT’S
STANDARD FLAVORING EXTRACTS.
Five Sizes. Unpaneled Bottles.
Four times the strength of many factitious FRUIT
FLAVORS in the market.
These SUPERIOR Extracts are invariably ac
knowledged the purest and best in the world. They
have Btood the test of time and conii>etition, and are
emphatically favorites with the people, and leaders
with the trade. Their standard quantity and quali
ty will be strictly maintained.
The above is the testimony of well-known grocers.
W. Ii. Wilson Sc Co., S5 Federal street.
Amos L. Milieu, 388 Congress street.
A. ©ecring Sc Hon, 376 Congress street.
Wm. Milliken Co., 389 Congress st.
Kimball A^Barkcr, 379 Congress st.
C. A. Weston Sc Co., 384 Congress st.
Goody Sc ©eering, 374 Congress st.
£^*JPer8ons seeking the
RICH, PURE &c HEALTHFUL
QUALITY OF
FRUIT EXTRACTS,
SHOULD
DEMAND BURNETT’S.
Nov 29-sn-tf
BURNETT’S COCOAINE,
FOR PROMOTING THE GROWTH OF AND
BEAUTIFYING THE HAIR,
AND RENDERING IT DARK AND GLOSSY.
The COCOAINE holds, in a liquid form, a large
proportion of deodorized
COCOA-NUT OIL,
PREPARED EXPRESSLY FOR THIS PURPOSE*
NO OTHER COMPOUND
posesses the peculiar properties which so exactly
suit the various conditions of the human hair.
For sale by all Druggists. no29tf sn
A MILLION IN THE FIELD!
Yes, a million of men, to say nothing of the ladies,
know by experience that
Christadoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
produces shades of color that seem to have been
brought out by nature herself. They know, too, that
it is free from all injurious matter, because they have
used it for years, and thus tested it by a process more
certain than even chemical analysis itself. In fact,
the daily experience of multitudes of both sexes, con
firms the declaration of the first.analytical chemist in
America, that the Excelsior dye contains “nothing
deleterious to health.” A good dressing should he
used after the dyeing, and the best is
CHRISTADORO’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
nov29-eodlm w48-50
SEXUAL SCIENCE,
By Prof. O. S. Fowler.
SEXUAL SCIENCE explains NATURE'S LAWS,
as applicable to the sexes. No one familiar with
Fowler’s writings, will doubt the GREAT PRACTI
CAL VALUE OF THIS WORK to every adult man
or woman.
ATWELL CO., 174* Middle St.,
Agents for Portland and vicinity.
nov29-2w
BOOTS AND SHOES!
-AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Men’s French Kip Boots, at $5.50, former price $6.00
MATI’R Kin Rivitn nt. 4 W! fnrmpp nripp K 00
Men’s Kip Boots, at 4.00, former price 4.50
Men’s Calf Boots, at 5.00, former price 5 50
Men’s Calf Boots, at 4.50, former pices 5.00
Boy’s Winter Boots, at 2.50, former price 3.00
Also a good assortment of Boy’s Youth’s and Chil
dren’s Kip and Calf Boots.
Ladies’ Foxed Button Boots, $2.75, former price $3.00
Ladies’ Cloth Button Boots, 2.50, former price 2.75
Ladies’ Foxed Polish Boots, 2.25, former price 2.50
Ladies’ Cloth Polish Boots, 2.00, former price 2.25
Also a large assortment of Misses' and Children’s
Boots and Shoes, at very low prices.
These goods are all of the best work and stock, and
all warranted, at
WHI. D. TRUE’S,
Not 353 Congress Street.
Men’s Toilet Slippers Bottomed, and Repair
ing neatly done. no29dlw*sn
Arrest Decay.
When a plant or a tree begins to decay it must
needs die. It cannot be revitalized. But it is not
so with human beings. A human ruin can be repair
ed, strengthened, restored, through a brown leaf or a
withered blade of grass can never be made green
again. In the autumn of life, or even in its winter,
when nature seems to be giving way under the pres
sure of years, it is still possible to retard the progress
of decay, and to lend to age more than its wonted
vigor. As a means of promoting this object, Hos
tetter’s Stomach Bitters is unquestionably the most
potent of all restoratives. It will not make the ©Id
young, but it will prevent, lessen, or sooth the in
firmities wliich are the usual accompaniments of the
decline of life. For debility and a lack of nervous
power, from whatever cause arising, it is the medicine
that of all others before the world, best deserves the
name of a specific. In purity, in invigorating proper
ties, in its adaption to weak stomachs and feeble or
ganizations, it has no competitor among the tonics of
the pharmacopoeia, nor among proprietory remedies.
Besides Its strengthening principle, it possesses alter:
ative anc regulating properties of the highest order,
and as an anti-bilious medicine is far preferable to
any of the preparations containing mercury. Time
has shown that for physical decay, nervous debility,
dyspepsia, bilious disorders, and intermittent fever,
Hostetter’s Bitters is a remedy without a rival.
This is the season of the. fall of the leaf; let it remind
the old, the feeble, the sickly, to invigorate and reg
ulate their systems with this great vegetable tonic
and alterative. v
FLOUR.
Portland, Nov. 21, 1871.
To my former Customers and the Pulic generally:
Returning thanks for past favors, I would re
spectfully invite you to No. 85 Commercial street, di
rectly opposite the Clock in Thomas Block, where
can be found a large and fine assortpient of the best
grades of St. Louis Flour. Having determined to
give my exclusive attention to Flour alone, I shall
make it a point to purchase none that will fail to give
perfect satisfaction. The following will give some
idea of my success in selecting good flour. During
the year that I occupied the Japan Tea Store, ending
Nov. 1,1 retailed 1000 bbls. of flour; 400 consecutive
barrels without the return of a single one, and only
14 bbls. were returned during the entire year. This
unusual success was largely owing to the quality of
flour selected, and partly in the manner which it w’as
•old, and that w as to recommend it precisely what it
nuuiu piu>o w uc. xinn nui uv ntj miuiu CUUme.
My flour will all be bought from first hands direct,
which will enable me to retail it at the lowest whole
sale prices. As I have a record of every barrel of
flour previously sold, and the purchaser’s name, by
reference to which I can judge very nearly what grade
of flour will suit the same customer.
Very truly, W. H. HALL,
8N no22eodtf Late of the Japan Tea Store.
LEA PERRIN'S SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It im roves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled lor its flavor.
We are directed bv Messrs LEA PERRIN'S to
prosecute ail parties making or vending eon ntcrieits.
JOHN DUNCAN’* SONS,
augl2gn6m Agents, New Yoik.
OBAHAMFLOUK!
OF A SUPER'ORQU vLITY I
Ftfih from the Mill. Also the celebrated
I* o N T m L S
And Othnp Choice Brands.
Ml AW, HAMMOND CARNEY.
ocD d3m
Batchelor's Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dye is the best in the world—per
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
appointment no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
ir°T Jumv Wm. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
l°arr-l!ie *i.a.ir cJeaui *of.tbeautiful; does not
Suil by °r “n>' illjUJ'i0U,i comP°und
Jyll SN raCtI)rI’w B01® STREET, N. Y
btn dit
Portland Mu iicipal, tt-s
Portland *ld It. It. 6s
State ot Maine ^.s
Sr. Louts <{,s
Rockland Aid R. It dir. I
European N. A. R. R. Gold 6>s
Portland A Osd. R. r. «oltl 6<g
Portland A Rochester R. r. 7>s
l liicaso 7,g
Toledo g,s
FOB BALK BY
SWAN BARRHXT,
Bankers Brokers,
100 niddle |,trcet.
oc23 SNT MW&F
OFFICES TO~L,ET.
r N Pl3fl'and y381OoFmm®?;“u"lte,,,?rftv,’."er ‘l°uu
,11 late improvements. “,ted up witli
Apply to H. N
*”v4-d*»2 IMl’.re ,t.
TO JLET
Itore No 142 S T44 t ommercial st.
HORNER ot WidgerTs Wharf, ,,articHla,,
ndapu-d to the hi, rand drain ta4. ,r
opacity having a Iron age o, 36 lent, and depth 16
eet, acie.eude ny water or rail, iiieu up ulih Yverv
i ileru touvenieuco. F uu
App'y to H. N.JOJE, 194 Foro st.
>t0V i 13 tt
Board for Horsed
"2J.0OD Boatd from $3 50 to $3 00 per week. Satis
JT taction wariauied. N. a. CHURCH.
Naples, Novlt. uolfehlw
nl’ECIAI. NOTICES. '_
S E LLI N G A T COST!
HAVING DECIDED TO CLOSE OUT MY STOCK OF
Carpetings, Crockery Ware, W inflow Shades. Plated Ware, Cutlery,
Wooden and Tin W are. 0 shall sell at Cost until tint
entire tnr^e stock is sold.
When I intend to make n NperinHly of the* Furniture Biifcinee*. lffnviug already
the Ijnrgewt Slot h of Furniture in the Mtnle, nearly nil of my own ennnnfneSiire* which
I can warrant to give entire HalHfactioii. Please give me a call before purchasing
unil save money by so doing.
UEOROE A. WHITNEY, (Successor to Woodman Whitney.)
Nos. 52, 54 50 EXCHANGE STREET.
nov58 lm
GOING TO CHICAGO
Tnrc undersigned wou’d ie?pectfully inform th-* public that be intends to remove to Chicago a ter Jan
uary, 1872. Betore th.it time we shall sell oar stock ot
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAN COST!
Those who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargain will call immediately.
100 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight 1
My friends and jatrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor fbe liberal patronage bestowed on me
during my residence in this city.
J. F. SISK,
171 Fore Stx*eet, Portland.
Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALK AT A GREAT B tRGAIM
As the owrer intends REMOVING TO CH1CACO; consisting ol a 2 1-2story Brick House No. 9 Chat
ham Street, in go«d repair; 46 by 50, good cli me** t**r a Mechanic or business man to g-t a d^iranle
borne. Also a brick building corner of Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 33 by 80* Aiho the urxa lot
adjoining, containing ibiee wooden itores; lot 55 bv 120; an*’ one larjie wooden Ha bio. This property wilt
be sold iu geperaie lots or all together, making in all a l »t of 90 h\ l.'O T his is au excellent chance lor in
vestment, as this property is sure to increase iu value, being on tie principal street iu the city.
For particulars call ou J. F. SINK.
nov7tt 171 Fore Strett.
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank'of London.
d
AVDTHE
Provincial Bank cf Ireland
A lid all its B ranches.
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN A- SONS,
jel3-sntt 97 Exchange Sf.
Home Secuiilies
BONDS
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH 'AMERICAN
BAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed from
Bangor, Maine, 10 &t. ,Iobn. New Brunswick. a
distance 01 2r2 mile?.—v\Ifh the exception of 58
mibs between Winn. Me., and »he boundary line of
the State at Vanceb^ro*. Or, tlii-i imrtion the track
is now l eiue lad, both from Winn eastward and
from Vanceboro’ westward and the work will be
compared and trams running from Bangor to St.
John in September next.
Th.s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTING THE CNITED STATES
AND THE RRITINH PROVINCE* (New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). The population o’ the
maritime Provinces ia aboot ONE ITa 11.1,ION,
and all the land t avel. irei^ht, mails, etc., between
them and the Uni ed States,will pa„s over t Itis Trunk
line, which is WITH -»C V tlPHTI TiOV.
rtiuiuiigu not yer compieceu. me Diiswess oi lue
road is already fir greater tb».n i»s most sanguine
triends predicted, ami is continually increasing.
The net earnings from Local ISimitns* ulone,
on the 5« miles eomil- ted inr Maine,already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter ml lions at dol
lars, and will be largeh increasing alter .vpt liexi
by the business 10 and from the Proriucss.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tul'y as its
present. 1 irge business and tbe iuiraed ate increase
consequent upon its compleli. u. requires —the Corn
pan v lias issued its Bonds fo tbe amount of Two
Millions of Dollars, secured by a
FIR3T& ONLY MORTGAGE
C3ilT«EVTI«E KO ID AND PltOI’.
E«TV EKc'tl Hlft* lo Y N (I t<:EII HO*
(be^ldrs a Second Mortgage on Ihe entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, MS miles. 'Ibis
purtion cost some S2 auo.o 0, and tbe odIj lien ibcrc
on is a mortgage to tbe city m Bangor i jr 91,003.1101'i
Csaud. tn addition thereto liy a HUST AND
ONI.* ItlOKl'UABE on
800,000 Acres of Land!
Siid lands being tbe sirce granted by the S'ate ot
Maine to aid tbe construction ol this road. Th*\y are
situated along the Penobscoc and St. .lohn rivers,
an l are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
tracts, especially in the fertile Aroostook Valley (the
nno.-t agricultural district in the St* to,) are yaluab e
lor (arming lands as well as for tlieir timber. This
immense grant of lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
of Railroad with whith fhevaiv mortgaged. They
cover 1250 squaie miles (nearly as large as the State
of Rhode Island, which is 13UG square milts) and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage ot the Railway, its
equipments, Ac., which alone is ample security lor
tbe Bonds, there are timbei and farm lands to the
amount of
400 Acres to each Fond
also p’edged to ensure the payment thereof.
The Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March 1, 1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD CORN,
Free from U. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bond? r*gis ere l if desired, Coupous made
pivable i£6 each) in London, Eng anu, it prelerred.
fcilNKIIYO PCND—All proceeds o» saU-s of land,
as well as ol timber and oibt*r products itererrom,
are. by Ibe Tiustees, to be it vested in iliese Bonds if
they can bo bouant at. oar or less; otherwise in
United States, Slate or Municipal Securities. And
on July l, 1879, and annually therealter until these
Bonds become d.ue or are all pai l, the E. N A.
Railway Co. is bouud to pay to the Trustee* a sum
of mom y equal to one per cent, ofibe amount oi
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all in*e**est
received on securities, belonging to the Sinking
I'iukI are to be invested a« above stated, and these
accumu'at ions are solely lor the purpose ol ad lition
i ®li\ providing lor tho redemption of there Bonds
The Sinking Fund constitutes a third great element
ol securitg and strength, and adds to the sale!y ot
these Bonds
The Trustees are Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, ot
Bangor, Me, and J. EDGAR THOMSON. Esq.,
ot Philadelphia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Par mid Accrued Intcrcs? in payment for
any <d ilie lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities lor sale at
90 and Acorued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and ail marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange for these
Lond«, and can be sent by Express and these le
turned by Express, bee o' expense to the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further partidu are concerning
the connections and business, with Map-, sh wing
the locaiion and lands of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL.
Principal Agent of the Company for ibc
Nnlc of ISoihIn,
BANGOR, .11 AIN U
OH TO
SWAN BASS RETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO Middle Rlrecti.Portland.
83f~On completion (in 1872)ot 60 miles of Railroad
now building, between St John, N. B, and Halifax.
N. S, there Will be an unbroken lino oi Railway
irom Halifax io all tli- chief cities of tho United
8tafes, and as two or three days oi ocean travel can
be avoided, and about 36 hour** bine saved, from
New Nork, m going to or coming nom Europe, by
rail to or liom IlaliTax,—a largo business in pas
sengers, mails and ireighi will ’lereby bo auded to 1
tlin imttii* itvpr llut .V- V A D-iiln-ot.
Julyl3-sueod if
UALFOItE*
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE j
The Best Sauce and Relish
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BK HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Mole in I'orilautl by
8TSE N EVAN 8

i
i
A new lot of flno English
BREECII AND Hl'ZZLE LOADING 1
DOUBLE C5-TTNS
Just received per steamer, to he sold Vkb v Low!
G. L. BAILEY, 48 Exchange St.
Sign of the “Golden Rifle.” no24eodtf»n c
SPORTS3IEIV I
J. B. Lucas, 09 Exchange &-t.,
1 a
Has just received another lot of those line li
JBretell Loading Slio! Gnus.
Also a lew more ot those very chea*> e
Eiaglifth Twin Double bbl, Guui. t
oet4
jN U T 1 U HJ I
11HE Cigar store tliat was advertised for sale at 22$
Congress street, ha* removed back to ti e o!d
stand oa Exchange street. where I wi.l still uiiiiu
jadure the choicest brands ot cigars. 1 will invite
all my customers aud friends lu general to call ami
examine my goods and get posted on I he pi ice*. 1
have all brands of Imported Cigars, aud flue brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two tlrsi class Cigar Makers—no p.vr ones
waut» d. E. PONCE, No. 80 Exchange St.
yVlf
Ladies’ Cloaks
-AND
Winter Jackets,
EASTMAN BRO’St
332 Congress Street.
October 31- sn dtt
Stock Stand for Sale
As I con'empl-ite leaving the cPy will sell my
stock and place ot business u great d'scouut.
I shall sell at retail cheaper ihan ev<jr until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber. Finnic, Nparn. Kiictu, Deck
ing, nml Treenail*.
Also 30.000 Cedar It. R. Sleepers, extra size.
For particulars call on Ia. TA¥LOK,
sept 19-sntt 176 Commercial st.
EXCHANGE
ox
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
AND
Ready l'or Immediate Delivery!
IN SUMS TO SUIT!
W31. JH. WOOD,
Agent (or Henry Clews Co N.. V.
June 27-11 si*
Procure Tickets
W. D. Little Cp.'s.
OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENCY
Travelers for California
and tlie IVcst, ttoutli nml Xorihw est, mny ob
tain llirctMM*> Tickets, by the beu mid liio i
reliable routes irom 1’ort ai d, or t» ision. or
New York, to anv p in* dr sued at the lowest
i ales at the old and reliable Un:on Ticket Agency,
IF. D. LITTLE A CO.,
Office 49 1-‘J fcxehauge *t.
G3?*'Reliable in'ormatipn cheertuliy furnished at
all times. au26d it sn
Hare liauce.
A rare chance lor a person to engage in the
Retail Shoe Business.
Stand one of the be t in tbe city. For particulars
call on or add i ess
C. H. STAPLES,
GO Union Street.
nov20 tf
A rtijficSaB Xeetlfi.
To uiy Patrons and the Public.
I wish to ca I your attention to the
A DJ IT sT A R LK HI DUE, which I am
dot applying with great, success lo nil seis ut teeth.
'The method of applying this rioge to anirtcal teeth
is an invention or my own. By its use the up st
difficult mouths ran bn tilted, and all pel sols about
to have »»etb inserted will be sure ol a perfect fir by
having th>s rings used. Every set ot teeth made by
me with iliis ridge a>pied will be properly adjusted
so as to fit the mouth perfectly, or no jay will be ac
cepted tor the work done. Jh se who have seis ot
teeth whi ffi do not tit c in hive then rcs^t tbi*»
ridge applied, and warranted to tl or no charge wilt
be made. C AH LION KIVBAL^, D D. s,
No ll Claim's Block, corner ot Ikin^ie s and Elm
sheets Port>aml. nollUtl
S. B. goweIl.
Anticipating leaving the city now otters his entile
stock of Foreign ami Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the sales only
until be sells liis house. (See advertisement by Geo.
ti. Davis Sf Co.) Now is jour time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
W“Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntt
WHAT’S BEST.
What it is best for us to do
We sometimes do not know;
’Tis then we prize a friend who's true,
Our proper course to show;
His words of kindness should we heed,
And treasure in our heart,
Feeling ho is “a friend indeed,”
Such knowledge to impart.
’Tis best, whene’er the Boys need “Clothes,”
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hut and Shoes complete,
To “Suit” them at Geokoe A. Fexxo’h,
Corner of Beach and Washington street.
Boston, Nov. 23-dlw
S K AXES!
Sole Agent in tho United Slates lor the ce’obrated
“Acme Club Skates.”

\iso a full due of Wood Top Skates, at wholesale
lud retail.
G. L. BAILEY, 48 Exchange street.
oc3) ecd sa I
On 31 arriage.
Ilnppy Hrlirf for Yom»a IVlni from the el
ects «*i triors »n l anuses in earlv hie. Manhood re
torn! imp1 diluents t» marriage removed fe w
uethod cl trearii eiu. Ne.v and remarkable nine
lies. t»oo s and Circulars scut Pe-v in sealed n
elopes. Addre?s HOW ABD ASSOCI ATfcN, No 2
km til Ninth sheet, Philadelphia, Pa. novlsmi3 u
Storage. Advances, j
Storage to let. in first class bonded waichouses on
Irown’s Whait, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
end Sugar Co’s buildings York Dan»orth and Com
Bcrciai surtcis.
Advances made on property stored os above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
jjtfosn !)7 Exchange Street.
FOR _SALEj" j
rllE new two story French roof house: just An
isin d. n Cushman st.; house pined t r Sebago,
nd ail the modern improvements. Ei q«n»e on ihe
remises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. 1 J£N N h Y.
sepMit sn
bet t k r an i> cheap a: r
THAN ANY OTHER
HOOTS AND SHOES:
THOSE FASTENED WITH
]ABLE SCREW WIRE!
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, more
Comfortable, aud Water-proof, aud are warranto* 1
lot to Rip or Giy>c.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
ft excess of sewed or lagged work of a like grade,
heir Durability is far greater, they preserve their
lhape much letter, aud the metalic fastening insures
more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light aud heavy work. j
The immense demand having called forth imita
Lons, consumers should bo sure that every boot or
hoe bears the Patent Stamp.
Mold by Dealers K very where.
no28sn7w ___
To the Consumptive.
Let those who languish under the fatal severity of
ur climate through any pulmonary complaint, or
ren those who are in decided consumpti >n, by no
leans despair. There is a safe and sure remedy at
and, and one easily tried. “WILBUR’S COM
OUND OF COD LIVER OIL AND LIME,” with
at possessing tlie very nauseating flavor of the Oil,
heretofore used, is endowed by the phosphate of
me with a healing property which renders the r il
iubly efficacious. Remarkable testimonials of its
flcacy can be exhibited to those who desire to st c
lem. For sale by A. B. WILBOR, Chemist, No. lrtd
ourt St., Boston. BN »ov28-Tu-W-Th
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BONDS
Ntotc of Blaine,. G’n j
Portland,. O'i*
Math,.
fbini;'o..
Cincinnati—Water Ijoan,. 7*»
Hamilton County,Ohio,.7-30’m
liPCijM I niuiuytoa It. It.,.
Principal and Interest guaranteed by the Maine
Central Railroad Company.
Portland Kocfcchfer I*. B«*. 7?*<
Pcrtluail Ofjdeiinburg B. B.* Gold, 6’h
Central Railroad of Iowa, €*old. 7’w
For sale by _ _
II. M. PAYSON,
32 Exchange St., Portland.
Solargraph.
I HAVE invented a now and bcautifal Picture; I
have named it- ttolurgrtipli* Every one ad
mires it that see it; every one should see it before
getting any other. It is jiist iho Picture for a
CHRISTMAS PRESENT.
Come all and see the new Picture at
A. N. BTKENNEY’S,
nov21sseod 101 Biddle Ht. d&wlm
_MARRIED.
In Alfred, Nov. 22, by Rev. J. Kyte, Samuel M.
Came, Esq., and Aliss Clara S. Littlefield, both of
Alfred.
In Kittery, Nov. 25, by Rev. John Cobb, J. Edward
Malison and Aliss Lizzie Dnnnenberg, all of K.
In Lubec, Nov. 24, by Geo. Comstock, Esq., Capt.
George Ross and Aliss Martina Nelson.
In Sa.M>, Nov. 21, Capt. John C. Cooper, of Rich
mond, Ale., and Aliss Annie H. Fogg, of Saco.
_piKX>.
In Augusta, Nov. 20, Mrs.Susan G. C., wife of Dca.
Gilliert Pullen, aged 55 years 8 months.
In Lubec, Nov. 24, Alinnie. youngest daughter of
Capt. Aaron Webber, aged 13 years.
In Scarboro, Nov. 21, Polly Thurston, aged G4 years
In Bat h, Nov. 2i, Airs. Charlotte Flint, aged 71 yearr
11 months.
in uiiiiaueipma, uct. 31, tienry uravet, nge<l 29
years—son of L. W. Graves, of Brunswick.
In Saco, Nov. 22, Mrs. Olive, wife of Andrew Ladd,
aged 54 years.
Hiniaturo Alinnnnr..November 99.
Sun rises.7.0G 1 Moon rises.5.35 PM
Sun sets.4.29 High water.12.U0 M
MARINE~NEWS.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Tuesday, Nov. 98.
ARRIVED.
Steamer New Brunswick, Pike, St John, NB, via
Eastport fir Boston.
Sell Henry Clay, Anderson, Weeliawkcn,—coal to
order.
Sclis Adelaide, Chase, and Presto, Drew, Boston
for Machias.
Sch Zina, Bradbury, Boston for Machias.
Sch Young Sultau, Barter, Buth—salt to Dana
BELOW—A light Br barque.
CLEARED.
Sch Onward, Bunker, Baltimore—Bunker Bros.
Sch Malabar, McCarty, Newark, NJ—Charles Saw
yer.
Sch California, Boothby, Boston—Chas Sawyer.
Sch Annie W, (Br) Branscoinb,.St John, NB—John
Port cons.
Sch Ella L Trefethen, Sterling, Grand Mennn, NB.
Sch Winslow, Bunion, Thomnston—Bunker Bros.
Sch Buena Vista, Knight, Wiseasset.
SAILED—Barques Rothsay, Nonpareil, ami Saga:
brigs Almon Rowell, Jeremiah; schs J G Craig, and
Lady Woodbury.
[FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT
LUBEC, Nov 22—Ar, schs L A Johnson, Malihnau,
Porthmouth; Melrose, Coggins, Portland.
Nov 23—Ar, schs Hattie, Huekins, Boston; Pow
lowna, Webber, do; Emma W Day, fm Pembroke, to
load for New York; Frances Ellen, Warren.
Nov 21—Sid, sch Traveller, Mitchell, Calais, to load
for Boston.
Sch Lvdia, Capt Wilson, lying at Harmon’s wharf,
with ship timber, was discovered to lie on tire after
noon of the 24th inst, and the inside of the cabin was
destroyed before it could lie extinguished. As there
had been no fire on board the vessel for three or four
I days, it is supposed to have been the work of an in
cendiary.
Sch Emma W Day, of Pembroke, recently capsized
off New London, has been thoroughly repaired by
Jos Wilder Jr Co, at Pembroke, and is now load
ing here for New York.
BOOTHBAY, Nov 24—Ar, schs Abby Bryant, Lore
Bailor for New York; Volunteer, Smith, Cape Ann
for Calais.
Nov 25—Ar, brig II Means, Staples, fm Bangor for
New York.
NOTICE TO MARINERS—FOG SIGNAL AT
PORTLAND HEAD LIGHT.
A Fog Trumpet, (Daboll’s) has l»ecn established a
Portland Head Light-Station, which will give a Mas
of 8 seconds duration, with intervals between the
blasts of 4u socouds, during thick weather.
CAPE ELIZABETH.
On and after December 1st, the Steam Whistle at
Cape Elizal>eth will give two blasts of 5 seconds
duration each, with auInterval of 8 seconds between
them, followed by a pause of 42 sec mds in every min
ute.
MEMORANDA.
Brig Mary A Davis, of Portland, from Sombrero
for Pliiladelphia, which foundered at sea, had a cargo
of guano and was in charge of Cant Patterson. She
was owned in small shares at New York, Boston,
Portland, Pembroke, and other places, and was un
insured.
Sch Alice B, Alley, from Boston for Philadelphia,
with onions, is ashore on Chatham Bar. Wreckeis
are at work on her.
DOMESTIC FORTH.
SAN FRANCISCO—Ar 18th, ship Corsica, Have
ner, Newcastle, NSW.
GALVESTON—Sid 18tli, ba^pie Ocean Eagle,Wat
erhouse, Philadelphia.
Sid 10th. ship Riverside, Rich, Liverjionl.
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 22d, ship Genevieve Strick
land, Strickland, Shields.
Cld 23d, brig Charlotte Buck, Parsons, Havana.
PENSACOLA—Ar 22d, sch James Warren, Drisko,
New York.
ST MARYS—Ar 13th, brig J Poiledo, Dyer, from
Havana.
CHARLESTON—Sid 26tli, ship Olive S Southard,
Theobald, Liverpool.
Ar 24th, sch E A DeHart, Pinkham, Baracoa.
WILMINGTON—Cld 21th, brig Gambia, Gilkev,
Cardenas.
RICHMOND—Sid 25th, sch Louisa Crockett. Flan
ders. Baltimore.
NORFOLK—Cld 24th, brig Romance, Duncan, for
Barbados's.
BALTIMORE—Ar 25th, brig Lena Thurlow, Cor
bett, Leghorn: sch M E Torrey, Torrey,Bangor.
PHILADELPHIA—Cld 23th, sch Benj Reed, Greg
ory, Rockland; Henrietta, Leavitt, Norfolk; Flor
enee V Turner, Perry, Salem; Frank Emily, Cobb,
Cambridge.
Ar 26th, brig Geo E Dale, Pierce, Turks Island.
NEW YORK—Ar 26th. brigs I Howland, Freeman,
Demarara 29days; Guiding Star, Rogers, Pensacola;
sehs Annie Whiting, Hutchinson, Demarara 23 days;
Vesta, Pinkham, from Apalachicola 18 days A E
Campbell, Dennison, Pensacola; Geo B Somes, Pray,
Charleston; Moses Patten, Rich, fm Philadelphia for
Providence: C II Kelley, Collins, do for Boston; J B
Knowles, Merritt, Addison; E L Gregory, Thorndike,
Rockland; Viola, Hull, Machias; H Aicularius, Gre
gory, Port Johnson for Boston; Light Boat, Wood,
do tor do; Percy,Colwell, do for Portland; Elizabeth,
Knowles, do tor do; Island Belle, from Eastport;
Henrietta, Holbrook, Calais; Miry Farrow, Bagiev,
Vinalhaven; A K Woodward, Woodward, Ellsworth;
David Wasson, Jones, fm Brooksville; Frank Maria,
Wood, Providence.
Ar 27th, brig Pedro, Bahrs, Jamaica; sch Mollie,
Plummer, do.
Cld 27ih, brig Helen M Rowlev, Rowley, New Or
leans; sehs A L Fitch, Yates, St Kitts; J \V Dodge,
Taylor, St Pierre: Sonrbruck, Clark, for Demarara’
Saba©, Lamson, Key West; Sahwa, Kelley, Boston
Passed through Hell Gate 26th, sehs Unl-m, Saw
yer, Jersey City for Boston; J M Wentworth'. Gor
don, New York for Calais; Josephine, Fickett, New
York for Boston.
NEWPORT—Ar 25th, brig Lucy W Snow, Hall,
Rockland for Galveston; sehs Potomac, Carver, from
Bangor for New York; Sarah Maria, Harding, do for
Bridgeport.
VINEYARD-HAVEN—Ar 26th, VS steamer Iris,
Johnson, Portland for Philadelphia; brig Ida L Ray.
ihummki, aewimrg ior dokiou; sens d w t-otnii,
Sirout, Hoboken for <lo; Olive, McFarland, Elizabeth
port; Dresden, Mitchell, Port Johnson for Boston;
Lot*Idol, Haskell, liondout for do; Corvo, Pickering,
New York for Salem; Geo E Prescott, Buckmaster,
Yinalhavcn for Philadelphia; Olive Dyer, Falker, fm
Salem for Baltimore; L T Knight, Blaisdell,and Ma
ry Edward, Green leaf, Rockland for New York Sil
ver Bell, Bailey, Gardiner for do; \V Freeman, Rob
inson, Thomaston for do; Crescent Lodge, Hatch, fm
Calais for do; Mary Means, Parker, do for New Bed
ford; FC Frye, Alexander, fm Camden for Norfolk;
F Mayo, Hall, Rockland for do; Hyena, Gardiner,
Portland for Providence.
Ar 27th, brig Alfaratta, Wallace, Sydney for New
York; schs Nora. Wallace, Hoboken for Boston; L
Newton, Williams, Gardiner for New York Canary,
Hart, Portland for do; Jed Frye, Langley, Calais for
New Haven; Emily Curtis, Barbour, from Boston for
Philadelphia.
BOSTON—Ar 27th, schs Carrie Hover, Poland, Al
exandria; Bertha Souder, Wooster, fin Philadelphia;
Sedona, Holbrook, Port Johnson; Julia, Perry, Ho
boken; Neptune’s Bti le, Pearson, do; Earl, Fereu
ling Wave, (Br) Starkey.' Portland.
Ar 28th, Grig Chas Miller, Brewer, Philadelphia;
sobs Addle Ryersou, Pike, and M S Lewis, Lewis,
do; Tyrone, Strout, Harrington; George,Tate, Rock
land; Mary Jane, Men ill, Bat h.
Old 28th, sells Wm Lancaster, Seeley, and Bucco,
Chalmers, Portland,
SALEM—Ar 27th, brigs Geo W Chase, Bacon, from
South Amboy for Portland; Benj Carver, Williams
Port Johnson for Portsmouth; J B Marshall, Mar
shall, Philadelphia; A Hamlin, Lewis, ami H Curtis
Haskell, Eli/.alH;thport; Olive, McFarland, and On
tario, Parsons, do for Portsmouth; J H Crowley
Crowley, Hoboken; Birchard Torrey, Gray, do for
Portsmouh; Eveline,Gilmore,Rondout; Henry Kel
ley, Bonuout for Bangor; Nellie Chase, Upton, New
York for Portlaml; Franklin, Robbins, do for Ports
mouth.
LOUCESTER—Ar 27th,sch Adriana, Dunton, fm
LlizaiHithiHUt for Boston,
NEWBI’RYPORT—Ar 26th, sell Rosinn, Cum
mings, Weelmwken.
Arzithwlis \Varren Blak.', Clark, mi l AbMo,
Cleav. s, Plillailrlphla; E M Sawyer, Kelley, Eliza
hethporr; aukee Blake, Coombs, do.
Ux>AD—Ar 24lh, brig Robin, Strout, from
Mi abridge ior Now York; tangent, Yerrill, Calais for
a Elizabeth, Ilomllette, Dresden for Boston; Den
ii. iiv.v/.iii, I.muwnio; iteorgia, Alley. Boston for
Ellsworth; Smith Tuttle. Southord. Wlseassot for
B stoii; Boxer, S uthard, art for do; Oceanica, Alley
do for do; Harriet Ryan, Wixon, Portland for New
°rk; October, Hinkley, Boston for Bath.
**6lh, sclis Nictoux, Leighton, Nowburyport for
Miiibli Igo; Mary Jane, Merrill, fm Bath for Boston;
lurry Not, Eastman, Boston for Portland; H Tuck*
u*. Ounis, do for Dennysvillo; Brilliant, Wass, do for
Addison; Mary Ann, Alloy, Jonesport for Boston;
Uumriss, Brown. Boston for Dennysville.
Ar 27th, soli Jus Warren. Sargent, from Boston for
Sedgwick.
CALAIS—Ar 13th, sehs Lodi, Robinson, Portland;
14th, M J Laughton, Laughton, do.
Ar 17th, sch Sunbeam, Gilley, Portland.
foreik;n i oimn.
Sll fm Barcelona 6th inst, barque Ibis. Dulil, for
Pensacola.
Ar at Valencia 8th inst, ship Southern Empire, Al
,en. Guanapc.
Cld at Cardiff lltli inst, ship Hercules, Lincoln, for
Singapore.
Ar at Shields 14th inst, ship Bertha, Humphrey, fm
Brenierliaveu.
Ar at Gibraltar 3d inst, brig Atlas, Hodgdon, from
Sew York (and rid for Genoa 4th.
si l 3d, bug Valencia, Small, (from New York,) for
[tenon.
Behind the Rock 6th inst, brig Callao, Bucknam,
from Malaga for-.
Passed through Straits of Gibraltcr 7th ult, brig
Stockton, from Malaga for New York.
At Para 6tli inst, sch Ella Hodgdon, Nickerson, and
Israel Snow, Pease, for New York, ldg.
At Gonaivos 8»li Inst, sclis Hebe, Loyle, for Boston,
idg; A M Bliss, McIntyre, for do, do.
Ar at Havana 17th inst. barque G W Rose volt, Her
rinvm. New York; sch Elizabeth Dehart,Lowe, do.
Sid 10th, biig Merriwa, Downes, New York.
NPOKKN.
Oct 3, lnt G 12 N, lou 24 36, ship Industry, from New
fork for Valparaiso.
Nov 24. oif Cape Cod, brig Alfaralta, Wallace, from
lydney for Ne\v York.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
fi*JLUI?I COLOR
SILK VELVETS!
—ALSO—
Carnet, Invisible Creen and Navy Ulue
Velvet!
Iu fact Rnuit an.J Trimming Velvet* in all color*
uiul shades. Alriu uucui Velvet*,
ALL AT REASONABLE i’KICES!
-A.T IiATNEB’S.
Velveteens,Colored A Black
For Sar,‘"’ SJrfaiaf x? •d,to«
AT LATNEB’S.
Gros Grain Ribbons!
In all color* to match the Velvet*. Also a fun a»
olment of colored and black Mn.h Kibboii.,
liomiau HiimIk'h un:l Hi'tirlo, Ac., Ac.
nt panic price*,
AT LATNEE'S.
Real Ostrich Tips!
And E<oiitf Feathers in Plum Color and Garnet.
Also n lull line of Black and all colors, of Os
trich Tips, at astonishing low prices,
AJV LATNER’S.
Gros Grain Dress Silks
For Suits and Trim mine's, colored and black. Also
colored and black Matin*, Ac. Kibbl'd
Matin* at unprecedented l »w prices,
Arr LATWER’S.
Real Malta Laces!
mu in- n in luiiuia uuvi- j II-V iivi itch
positively offering thetn lower than cost of
importation. Also IOO pieces of
real Malta, machine made,
s >mething new,
jYrr LA'l'NER’8.
Kid Gloves, Kid Gloves
With one, two, throe aild four buttons, for street and
party wear, plain and stitched, comprising
500 dozen iu all shades and colors for
Ladies, Gents Misscss au 1
Children. Also Buck
skin and Kid
Gaunt
let Gloves Ac.
Gents Castor and Dog
Skin Gloves, and as usual, rc
tailing them less than Boston or New
York priees.
A.T LATNER’8.
Fringes, Gimps,
Blnck nml coloYcd Velvet Ribbon* in all
widths and best qualities; Also French mail Grr
luaii orwlN «»f the best makes, llowicry,
Fleece, Linen and ('loth Glove*, Linen Em
broidered, Ac., liner Handkerchief*. Ham
burg Ldging* nad InNertingM, Nhcll and
Gilt Jewelry, Ac., Ac., Ac., at
New York Branch,
335 CONGRESS STREET.
LATNER.
The Great Preserver of
Health.
HAMILTON E.VM ITH'S
PATENT
PERFORATED BUCKSKIN
n»l:K GAHIIK.MM,
For LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
The Perforated Buckskin Under
Garments are recommended by the
best Physicians and many of the cit
izens of Portland, who have tested
th"ir merits. For sale by
CHAS. CUSTIS CO.,
lio29 SAW tf A,<‘"U f” 1*ortl,n<l
Maine Central R. R.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
___ On THURSDAY. Nov. 30th, Thanks
J*=sffjj-'i' inR Dav, no Freight Trains will be
WTi, .(1)j or delivered on that day. Mixed
Trains between Portland and Augusta, Portland and
Lewiston, and the 7.10 a. ni. tram from WatervlHe,
and 3.00 p. m. train from Bangor, will run an usual.
L. L. LINCOLN, Asst. Supt.
Augusta. Nov. 27,1871. noCOdlw
P. S. P. Railroad.
N O T I c k.
The KxprrM I'n*Ncngrr Train*
now leaving Portland and Boston at 6
P. M. on Monday, Wednesday ami
Friday will Is? continued to and in
cluding Friday, December 1st, after which day they
will not be run until further notice.
F. CHASE, Supt.
November 27th, 1871. no2f<13t
MRS. CUSHMAN
IIAM A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF
Millinery and Fancy Goods
Which she Is selliug very low at her new store,
Corner Congress and Oak Streets*
CT*Alw Mourning Goods aud Burial
Shroud* a* u*unl. no2ikl3w
Grapes, Grapes, Grapes.
200 LBS. CATAWBA CRAPES,
JUST ARRIVED,
AND FOR MAI.K VKKt C1IKAP AT
J. L>. SAWYER’S,
no29d3t 117 Kxrhnnge Ml.
A FEW FACTS
WORTH KNOWING.
I SHALL OPEN on TtENDAF .MORNING
a choice selection of
FOREIGN GOODS!
Carefully selected and of much merit. These gem Is
come from Switzer lit ml, where they were bought
by a gentleman of thirty year*’ experience in
the EUROPEAN MARKETS, who visits the Peas
antry in mii>-wint:ik, when the Snow* art
feet deep in the Alpine villages, and when these
people are dependent upon the sales of their produc
tions for supiK>rt, they arc of course bought at from
three to live hundred j»er cent, cheaper than by SUM
MER TOURISTS, and are Imported during tne dull
season, (when freights ami excliange are 1 >w) by par
ties who imi*or a ON DOLLARS i**r annum;
these goods,
i.if I UII 1U1S JIAHHK.T,
arc choeeu after experience iu the wants of our citi
zens.
IMMEDIATELY AFTER THANKSGIVING, I
shall open a beautiful variety of
Russian Productions,
Which are sold only by one other house In this coun
try! These $oods are very beautiful!
.k i iV SilU?fa,'tlo,i in stating what is undeniable,
that I have the best aud most perfect stock of
MOtLDINGN I'OK GOLD FliA.IlKi
Ever kept in this State, and shall be glad to make
them into Frames, under the sui**rvisioii of skilled
workmen, as I have always had in employ.
My stock of Glass was bought in .July, since when,
there lias been an advance of JO per cent. This will
be saved to my patrons.
The public arc invited to a free and full examina
tion of my novelties, aud will of course be the best
judges of quality and price!
1 am selling Prang'* 4'hromo* for 30 rents.
Stereoscopic Vies*sal SN els. per dozen, and
hue large German ('hromos for $1.AO.
HALE,
Xo. 2 FREE ST.
Nov. 27-dIw
Family School Property
A-t GORHAM VILLAGK
Ij^OR SALK. Inquire of
A. PKKKIN.H,
Gorham, Maine, or
J. \V. PKRKINN A CO.,
lioiodlw Portland.
COD FISH,
Pollock, iTIaekerel,
HALIBUTS’ FINS,
Tongues and Sounds,
Now landing from Schooners Libertine an 1 Joseph
ine, and for sale at lowest rates by
CURTIS A DAVIS.
I-YJ onamc.ieiaI «t.
Nov 27-dtw
GOLD DUST.
GOLD DUST.
It i* the best Flour n Portland for the
.Hon
GOLD DUST.
It never full. to plena. the tuo.t rn.tideoua.
GOLD DUST
I. bought uutl h.o:I, by old, rctirod, Flour
DItirlinta.
GOLD DUST.
I have Mold lOO harrelM of it, anil uol one
returned
GOLD DUST.
If once used, yon will alwnyM me it!
GOLD DUST.
Won’t fail to route for it# It will eertniialy
make home hnppy. You will hear no more
“jaw” from your servant girl*. It iM *ure
to please.
WHOLESALE A.ZS'D RETAIL.
85 COMMERCIAL STREET,
OPPOSITE TIIK OLW CLOCK!
W. II. HALL,
no23<ltf Late Japan Ten Store.
\I7ATCH FREE to Agent. to introdlioo r*
V? thut sell in every m»u*e. LattuA-Co., Pittu-.
burg, Pa. w