THK PRF88,

FRIDA 1', NOVFMBDR 10, 1*71.
CITY AND VICINITY
Hew A<y«r«*"»ei*l* I’«-I>ay.
AUCTION COLUMN.
Horse at Aactiou. ...F. O. Bai ey Co.
KNTEUTA1NUENT COLUMN.
Assembly-Lancaster Hall.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
Boarder* Wanted... .Unic-n Hotel.
Bo sure you aro Right... .Geo Feuto.
NKW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Lost... .Pocket Book.
Wanted....tiiil.
Tenement to Let....W. H. Jerrls.
Notice....J. F. Weeks.
Commissioner’* Notice.
Notiee ..Gage& Davis.
Change ot Time on Desring Lino.
Store to L*t. ,...T. R. Hrna-er.
U. t». t;«inuimi«ucr’B teart.
BEFORE W. U. CLIFFORD, COM MISfl IONEB.
Thursday.—Uuited States v*. John P. Ellis.
The respondent is sailing master of the coast suivey
schooner Meredith, sud is charged with an assault
on Wi liam r. Haskell a seaman, in Penobscot Bay,
near Islesboro*, iu August ast. Haskell his since
become insane from the effects o( the ill-treatment,
it is alleged. Tne testimony introduced shoved that
the alleged assault consisted only of cuffs with the
open hand, Haskell lraviug been insubordinate. The
respondent was discharged, the a legal otfeuce hav
ing been committed wiiliiu the jurisdi;tiou oi the
State. Geo. F. Talbot appeared for Government.
Superior Court.
NOVEMBER C1V-L TBUM, LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Thursday.—The isllowiig dec sio.-.s were ren
dered in cases tiled by Judge Goddard at the last
term without (be intervention ot a jury:
James C. Sheridan et als. vs. Dan Carpenter. De
cl ion tor plalutitf for $281.96. Defendant excepts.
J. H. Druinrnen I. lteed <Jfc Hale.
Albert Crockett vs. David Crockett, Jr. Decision
lbr plaintiff tor $559.79.
Sweat. Reed Jfc Hale.
The cases assigned for trial were called or relerred.
Ihe following assignments have been made:
FRIDAY, NOV. 10.
414—Small vs. Kane.
31# -Smith vs. Hunt et al.
313—Thornton vs. Kiler.
SATURDAY, NOV li.
822—Fessenden vs. Reed.
Municipal Court.
JUDGE MOUKI8 PRESIDING,
Thursday.—State vs. Leauder F. Ridlon. Com
plaint tor committing a rape on Mrs. Mary Frances
Rond, ot Saco, ‘it a hotel in Portland on the 13th ol
July last. Dc'endaiit waived he reading ot the cum
pluiut an 1 pleaded not guilty. Mrs. Bond was put
on tho stand and testified as lot owe:—On the day
specified she came to Portland from Saco by the
morning train tor the purpose of visiting a relative
On arriving she engaged a hack and was on the point
ol leaving the station when Ridlon, who was or had
been her husband's i artner in businoss, appeared
ami got Into the carriage with her and changed the
direction ot the carriage, saying to Mrs. Bond that
he had something important to communicate. When
they arrived at the hotel he requested her to step
into the ladies’ parlor, but instead of accompanying
her there led iter to a sleeping apartment. Alter be
ing tbero a while she asked tor water. He suggested
wine, but she declined. He went out, locking tho door
behind him, and soon returned with a glass ot water
and ono ot wine. She dia&k the water and noticed
a strange taste to it, and it afterwards gave her a
feeling of bewilderment. Presently be removed her
bat, she making some slight objection. Shortly alter
he succeeded in accomplishing bis |urpo»e. She
•ays she* made no particular resistance, beyond a
little verbal remonstrance, and had not the power*
though s-be was conscious tbrou/Lout. She remained
there tiJ about 0 o’clock, when she asked the man
who outraged her it he would be kind enough to get
hei a hack. He did so, and both rode together to the
Po t’aud, Saco Portsmouth depot, and she went to
her home in Saco. The same evening she narrated
the circumstances to au a ant, aiterwards to her hus
band’s mother, and again to a friend out of the fami
ly, and all advised her to conceal it irom her hus
band. finally her husband heard some stories det
riment&l to her chastity, and questioned her and
then tke told the story.
The defendant put ia no testimony, and Judge
Morris ordered tha respondent to give bail In the
sum of $?000 lor his personal appearance at the 8u
porlor Court iu January. He found sureties and
was released.
T. H. Hubbard -E. 11. Smith. Eastman.
State vs. Dennis Terney, Martin Kuvens and Ed
way Ftaruy. Assault and battery on Juxnes Moony*
Motley for defence.
The Relief ffnnd.
FOB WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Received by Samuel E. Spring Ircrn ci izens Of
West Falmouth:
Small Newman *10 Allred Merrill.*5
L O. Bean. 8 Gianvill Hall. 8
F. F. Hale. 10 J.S. Hcbbs. 5
A. F. Winslow. 0 B. F. Hall. 8
Edward Merrill. 8 J.E. Frye. 1
Mrs. Blaucbard. t Cash. 7
*62
Congregational Church, Seaiboie’, by Rev.
Mr. Menill. *08.07
Sebolarect the Center Grammar School, at
Portland. 8.00
Mrs, Uauuah It Paine, Standish. 1.00
Brief Jotting*.
The steamer Lewiston ot the inside route to
Mount Desert and Macbias, is to receive a new
cylinder boiler soon. It is building at Quinn
Co.'s works ou Eraukliu street, and its di
mensions are—14 feet front; cylinder 21 feet is
length and 13 1-2 feet in diameter; weight over
40 tons.
The joint committee on the subject of a un
ion passenger depot, composed ol members of
the City Council and several citizens had a
conference on Wednesday evening, and finally
decided to invite railroad officials to meet them
in consultation on the 7th ot December.
Thomas B. Emery, the leading proprietor
and founder of the Riverside Echo, published
in this city, died at Belfast on the 31st ult.,
aged 44.
Yesterday officers Gribben and Smith arrest
ed a man named George Lord lor the larceny
of a jib from the schooner Melodeon lying at
Galt’s wharf. The sail was recovered and
Lord locked up.
Board of Trade.
A meeting of the Board of Trade was hold at
th* rooms yesterday afternoon to consider the
subject of promo'.iug the increase of manufac
tures in Portland. President Daua presided.
The following persons were admitted members
of the Board: Wm. C. Beckett, A. S. Hinds,
Thomas H. Haskell, Nath’l Whitney, Eitz U.
Jordan.
Several additional names were proposed
for membership, which lay over under the
rule.
Mr. Washburn, for the Committee appoint
ed at the last tneetiug of the Managers to nom
inate a standing committee to whom shall be re
ferred all matters pertaining to manufactures
made the following report:
The Committee recommend that a perma
nent Board be organized under the auspices ol
the Board of Trade,which shall have in charge
the subject of manufactures and their encour
agement io this city and vicinity, and that it
he entitled The Board of MaDulactures. We
further recommeud that this Board sbali con
sist, 1st, of the President of the Bostd of Trade
as chairman. 2d, ot the Slayor, as viee chair
man. 31,ol thirteen citizens of Portland and
vicinity, wno snail te appointee annually oy
the Board of Trade. We also recommend for
the curient year, as members of tho Board of
Manufactures, tbe following Benilimieu:
Hon. John B. Brown, C. P. Kimball, Geo.
E. B. Jackson, Keutellaer Oram, William
Deering. Charles J. Walker, Andrew Spring,
J. 8. Winslow, Gyrus S. Glark, W. W.
Thomas, Jr., Charles Staples, jr, Fred N.Dow,
Walter Wells.
A desultory conversation followed, in the
the course of which some very important and
interesting facts were presented in regard to
manufacturing and cognate subjects.
Tbe report with the uames of tbe members
of the new Board appended was then adopted.
The following gentlemen were appointed del
egates (with power to Gil vacancies) to the
Convention to be held at Detroit on the 22d
inst. The object and purpose of this Conven
tion is to promote cheap transportation be
tween tbe Mississippi valley and the Atlantic
by continuous steam Davjgation around the
Falls of Niagura on the American side,through
the great lakes and river St. Lawrence, tc
Lake Champlain:
T. C. Hersey, Chaa. II. Haskell, R. M. Rich
ardson, A. K Shurtleff, J. W. Waterhouse
and Charles Clark.
The gentlemen designated to form the Boarc
of Manufactures are requested to meet at the
Board of Trade room at 4 o’clock ou Saturday
alternoou.
Tableau of Ebix These fine painting!
which ate nightly being unrolled at Musii
Hall, are eminently worthy of the liberal pat
renage which they have thus far received
They not only present natural and life-likt
views of tbe beautiful scenery of that mos
beautiful country, but also are worthy of prai.-t
as works of art. AH 0| the principal cities
towns and places ol interest in tbe Erneral Isle
are represented, including magnificent view!
of the Lakes ol Killarney, tbe Vale of Avoca
celebrated by Moore, in hie beautiful ballad
“Tbe Meeting of tbe Waters,” and several fioe
views ol some of the most noted churches ant
cathedrals. The musical and dramatic portioi
ol the eutertaiument, introducing the famon
artists, Mr. and Mrs. Brennan,in their beauti
ful songs and sketches is of the highest order
Masonic.— At the annual meeting of Pori
land Lodge No. 1, held at Masonic Hall Wtc
nesday evening tbe (ollowing officers was elec
ed tor the ensniug year:
Joseph A. Locke, Master; EnimoDS Cha]
man, 8. W.; Geo. W. Bailey, J. W W. t
Foi, Treasurer; C. O. Level), Secretary; Wil
iam Curtis, B. F'. Andrews, A. Q. Leach, F
naucc Committee; William Curtis, Trustee.
JTonnthan .fforgnn.
To the Eliletrx of the Press
^our paper of Tuesday brought Pie the fit:
intelligence of the death of Squire Morgai
with au interesting sketch of his life, and jet
think I can add some items of interest, as
have known him long and well.
My first acquaintance with him was in 183
while 1 was a hoarder at the old Elm House
where he was a nightly visitor, for notwith
s'anding his life of seclusion, he was very so
cial with his acquaintances.
1 have spent many hours when I ought t<
have kecu aleep, listening to kim and hi:
friend John Goidon, discussing their favoriti
theories, for they were kindred spirits. I havt
visited kilo many times since in his room, at
ways learning something,—my last call was it
June. I will give you some incidents iu his life
communicated by witnesses at different times.
Ho was born in Brimfield, Hampden county
Mass., 70 miles from Boston, so named foi
John Hampden, the regicide under Cromwell,
who, after the death of King Charles and the
restoration was concealed io this viciti y. Mr
Morgan was bom March 4tb, 1778, while Gen.
Washington with his army were wintering at
Bordentown. He entered Providence College
in 1779, at the age of21. N cholas Brown gave
the college five thousand dollars, for which, the
name was changed to Brown University, thus
immortalizing hi) name for a small sum of
money.
Jonathan Maxey was then President ol the
college, with a salary of $1000.
In 1802, Union College, Schenectady, N. Y.,
offered Mr. Maxey, Ike Presidency of that insti
tution, with a salary ol $3000, which he accept
ed.
So much attached was young Morgan to him
that he prevailed on Mr. Maxey to dismiss him
before he resigned his charge, and he went
with him to Union College. President Maxey
finally went to Georgia, and was succeeded in
l 1 _ 1„ n it i r* -v-T
Mr. Morgan graduated at Schenectady in
1803, then read lav with an uncle at Brimfield
and went to Cincinnati to settle—ridiDg one
thousand miles in thirty days, on horseback,
averaging over thirty-three miles a day. Cin
cinnati then contained only two thousand in
habitants. He remained there five months in
the family of Judge Sims, who took great in
terest in him.
He then concluded to return to New Eog
land and came back to Brimfield, where he
continued the study of lav with Stephen l’in
eon a while aud went to Shrewsbury, Mass.,
where he practiced law from 1800 to 1812,when
he went to Aina, Me., and from there he came
to Portland in 1820.
He was not a strong man but had a great
teuaeity of life. I saw Fcwler the phrenologist,
examine his head,blindfolded. His first words
on putting bis bauds on his head were “iron
all iroD.”
Squire Morgan’s death was not looked for.
His odd figure aud dress and strauge mode of
living were so unlike common men of educa
tion that be seemed bardiv human, but was
looked upon as a spirit of the past—a reservoir
of knowledge, composed of bones and sinews,
moved by internal machinery, but without
flesh or blood, with a strauge vitality invented
by himself that defied ordinary wear and de
cay. We supposed he would continue to move
about the streets at all hours of the night aDd
day, not noticing men and things, for the next
fifty years as he bad Ur the filty years of his
citizenship in Portland.
No object about Portland would be more
missed than Squire Moigan, except peibaps
the observatory, if it should he suddenly de
stroyed; and yet most eveiy one has noticed
that his figure was more stooping and his gait
slower, but there was the same cloth cloak,
slouched hat aud broad shade over his weak
eyes.
It seems as though an ancient landmark had
been removed, and what is worse, that the
varied store of literary, scientific and mechani
cal knowledge, which he spent a long liie of
industry in acquiriog, has passed away with
him. His name adds another to the large
number oi Portland’s aged citizens who have
passed away within the year.
Windham, Nov. 8. W. G.
A Vjiberal Christian Appeal.
Most worthy of attention are the efforts made
by the several denominations throughout the
countrv.to aid and assist their churches de
stroked at Chicago, for upon the success of tbe
churches and schorls largely depends public
advancement. Already the Methodists have
made a noble beginning, Rev. Mr. Parkburst
in Boston, Portland and elsewhere addressing
his brethren and obtaining large sums. Beta
tbe goodly amount of $500 was easily obtain
ed. The other denominations are also at work
or about to commence. We hope they will be
emiuenlly successful.
The American Uuoitarian Association (bead
quarters at Boston) by Assistant Secretary
Rev. Rush R. Shippin, has issued its appeal
for tbe annual contribution towards Its nsual
missionary work, asking for $100,000, ol which
$50,000 is to go towards tbe rebuilding of Unity
church, Chicago—tbe eliurch ol tbe noble
Christian preacher and man, Rev. Robert Coll
yer. The object is a most worthy and desira
ble one, in which many friends outside tbe de
nomination are ready, wo have good reason to
believe, to reader assistance.
BEV. BOBEBT COLLIER’S CHURCH, CHICAGO.
The Unity CbuTch, of which Rev. Robert
Co'lyer is pastor, was, as is generally known
destroyed in tbe terrible fire at Chicago. Iu
his appeal, he says:
“When we had fought tbe fire fairly as it
came on us from below and beaten the imperi
al beast so that it would never have burned us
up, but then found that it had sot its fiery teeth
away up iD tbe road out of our reach and I
kuew that all was over, 1 crept up stairs alone
to my pulpit where I had stood the night bi
fore aud spoken to nearly a thousand men aud
women. I took one long, last look at it—the
church, aud the dear, sweet, noble organ, then
I took the Bible as it lay where 1 had left it,
got out at last aud locked tbe door, put tbe key
iu my pocket and went away, for by that time
the root was ablaze aud I thought my hi art
was brokrn. That unity has gone up like Eli
jah, in a chariot of fire she is not di ad to me
—she Lever could be dead—or to those who
loved her as I did; my hope and joy and crown
of rejoicing, for I held her tor God and Chiist,
God knows.”
Mr. Collyer desires a plait), spacious, conven
ient church, beautiful il it can be, but not too
ornamental. He also declares he will not
preach in a church if there be a dollar of debt
upon it. The old church matters must take
care of themselves. He advocates its inaugu
ration as a free church. Says he in conclu
sion
“My first object of course, will be to build
up a true Christian church out of those that
are left to us aud those that may come. 1 mean
to do that at any cost. So do we all. And
tbeu if there is some special gift by which tens
of thousands wo can only see now und then are
blessed in our dear Unity, as >n great desalts
pilgiims are blessed at the wells, lor their sake
let us cry,‘Whosoever will let him come aud
take of the waters of life freely.’
CONTRIBUTION FROM PORTLAND.
Rev. B. H. Bailey, pastor ct the 1st Parish
Church, last Sunday morning referred to tbe
association appeal and read Collyer’s letter,
uiatwuf' suiuc tuu eaiuv»i uiiuarKS,
eu'ogizing the noble Collyer and the object* o'
tbe annual collection, including tba spc-cu
needs of Chicago at this time.
Me announced that tbe aunual collection for
tbe Association, aui also for tbe Collyer 850,
000 fund wuu'd take place on Suuday morning
next, Nov. 12ih. It is hoped that a large sutn
will be realized. Many friends and well wish
ers of Robert Collyer, belonging lo other de
nominations, may desire to contribute to hit
aid, and these special sums will be so assigned.
__m~
Htate Teachers' Convention.
The Fifth Annual Meeting of tbe Maine Ed
ucational Association will he held at City Hall
Portland, on Monday aud Tuesday of Thanks
giving week. The lollowing is the order of ex
ercises:
MONDAY.
3 p m. —Opening Exercises and Organiza
tiaii.
3 1-2 p M.—“How shall we obtain Trained
Teachers for our Public Schools.” Discus
sion; opened bv G. X. Fletcber, of Castiue
followed by R Woodbury, of Fa mingtoa, ami
others.
8 P. m.— Addresses.
TUESDAY.
9 A. M—“What shall be taught in tbe Com
mon Schools.” Paper by C. it. Stetson o
Lewistou. Discussion by N. Diuglev, jr., o
Lewiston, J. H. Hanson, of Walerville, J
S. Barrell, of Lewistou, E. S. Morris, ot Bidde
ford and others.
10 A. m A paper on “Music as a Branch o
Common School Education,” D. B. Hager
Principal of State Normal School, Salem
Mass., followed by discussion.
11 A. M—“Methods of Iustiuct'on in Draw
ing.” This suoject will be presented by R v
N. W. T. Root, of Portland.
2 p. m —“Public School Revenue.” Discus
sion:'opened by Warren Johnson, State Supt
of Common Schools.
3 1-2 l\ SI —“Teaching the English Lau
L’u'age Discuision: opeued by A. H. Ab
bott County Supervisor for Franklin County
followed by W. H. Lambert, of Lewiston Higl
School, A. E. Chase, cf Portland High School
and others.
1 .“City and Town SupeivisioD. _ Discussion
opeued by Thomas Tas-b, Superintendent o
School?, Lewistou.
8pm —Address by Presideufc Chamberlain
of Bowdoiu College, on “Higher Educafcioi
for the People ot Maine.”
Hon. G. F. Talbot, of Portland, Hon. Ebc;
Pillsbury, of Augusta, Hon. kelson Dug
leJ• ir of Lewistou, and other gentlemen, wol
\m ^D0W lor their active interest in public eJu< a
I- tion, promise to he present aud participat
with teachers in the discussions.
The attempt has been made in arranging th
mmmmm—*■
I work for this meeting of the Association ti
I present such topics as will interest all wfc<
t hive at heart the w• lt'are of our State. Let u
i, have a largo attendance and hearty co-opera
r tiou from those who sympathize with ou
i work.
Hotels will furnish entertainment to mem
hers of the Association at the following rate.
Falmouth, $3 00 per day; UtriteJ Stat«s, $2 00
City Hotel, S1.7B; Commercial House, $1 SO.
It is expected that the railroa 1 will turnisli
tickets at reduced rates. A full programme,
i announcing names and further details, will be
issued at once. C. C. Hounds, President.
C. B. Stetson, Secretary.
The Steamer Clotilda and Her Cahgo.—
The representative of the owners of the iron
steamship Clotilda, now lying at Union whar*
—Mr. Percy L. Isaac—has arrived in town
from England and taken rooms at the Fal
mouth Hotel. The Clotilda was wrecked last
winter on Wells Beach, and was got off the
reef in a wonderfully good state of preserva
tion, by the New York Wrecking Company.
The cargo of the steamer was another iron
steamer—a steamboat within a steamboat—
which was built for a large terry boat capable
of transporting railway cars and very heavy
teams between places where the communica
tion is broken by a wide sheet of water. This
steamer has been brought here by various con
veyances, and iB now landed on Union wharf
and placed within the stoiebouses. Mr. Isaac
will to-day make a thorough sui vey of the Clo
tilda in behalf ol the owners, the Palmer
Shipbuilding and Iron Company of New Castle
on the Tyue, and the steamer has gone info
the dry dock for the purpose. An estimate
will then be made and the Clotilda will either
be offered for sale or a contiact effected with
some iron working compauy to restore the ship
to her condition at the tims she went upou the
beach. The irou ierty boat is offered tor sale
as it lies, and maybe secured at a barman on
application to Mr. Isaac. At all events the
steamer caD be repaired in this city as low and
as well as at any other iron working company
in the country.
Aurora Borealis.—An unusually beauti
ful exhibition of the aurora was seeu about G
o’clock last evening. In the northwest a huge
spire of crimson light shot up almost to tbs
zenith, presenting the appiarance of a greit
tongue of flame. An iuteivale of clear sky
came north of this and then a bank oi red
light, extending nearly around to the east,
flashing and varying in form aud intensity.—
For a number of years, it will be recollected,
these celestial phenomena have occurred about
the 9th aud lOdi of November. The annual
flight of meteors is predicted to night.
Portland and Ogdb.nsbueg Radboad
Woik on the Poitland and Ogdensburg ex eli
sion trom North Conway to Sawyer’s Rock,
fifteen miles below the Crawford Notch, has
now began and will be pushed all winter.
This portion of the route follows the Saco at
intervals through upper Bartlett; its accom
plishment will be an earnest of the de
termination of the railroad company te push
forward the gigantic nndertaking of placing
the rails along the steep sides of the great
mountains in the Notch itself, which is the
Dext step in foimiug a junction with this line
through Vermont to the St. Lawrence at Og
densburg.
Sudden Death —Mr. Moses Russell, a well
known carpeuter aud builder, living on Peutl
street, died very suddenly at the breakfast ta
ble yesterday morning of heart disease. He
had been in failing health lor about two years,
and for two months was confined to bis house.
He appeared better than usual, and was mak
ing some remark to his wife, when Le faltered
and a change came over him. Help was sum
moned and be was borne to the lounge in an
adjoiuing room, but he breathed hut two or
three times. Mr. Russefl was an exemplary
citizen, a member and of the First Baptist
church. His age was 59.
Stcbe Breaking in Gorham.—Nearly tw o
weeks ago tho store ol Davis Beck, at White
Rock, Gorham, was entered by burglars, who
carried off a lot of Portland Ogdensburg rail
road tickets and $20 in money. Tbe thieves
also took one of the store keys. As this iodi
cated a purpose to return, Messrs. Davis
Beck kept their own counsel and waited for
further d.velopmeuts. After awhile it was
found that the paupers on the Gorham Poor
Farm were possessed of railroad tickets, which
they said had beeu given them by a person
they Darned in pay for some small canvas bags,
male to carry away money ir, doubtless.—
Tbe remainder of the tickets were found hid
den ou the farm. The ariest of the thieves is
very probable.
The following letter was received by ona of
tbe Lecture Committee ot tbe M. L. A., from a
non-resident patron of the course:
Fbiexd H It seems to me that the report of
Ames’ lectuie in the Portland Press of this
moroiojr does not do trim justice. A It buogU
we may expect something ol a different char
acter trom Beecher, Cl apiu and others, yet
lean but feel that although be Introduced old
adages and trite philosophies of authors, yet 1
can but feel that tbe lecture would bate a good
influence over tlio audience and was generally
liked. I hope some one will reply to the Press
report, tbus giving Mr. Ames cicdit for what is
due him. Yours,&e.
7o the Editor of the Frees:
Many pedestrians would like to know how
much longer they have got to cliuib over that
beaulilul rise on Pearl and Federal streets
which the Common Council of the city of
Portland voted to have cut down and levelled
at their mou'hly meeting last May. We »e»
they have a gang of men at work iu trout ol the
Old poBt-office to accommodate tbe horse trav
el. But a man has got to make a rise and fall,
especially in tbe night time, enough at any ra'e
to cause him to want to move into some locali
ty where I) e human race is much mote beoe
tttted._*»*
Fob Wisconsin.—One barrel of clothing,
from Wiuthrop, was received and forwatdtd
yesterday to West Pcusaukie, to the care of
Mrs. Bai ker.
tlASHINIiTOS.
i dtnrsiu rrmrutsf Vriwtn.
Washington, Nov. 9.—The Austro-Hunga
rian government having adopted the English
system of admeasurement of vessels, the rule
ol the Treasury Department will be extended
to Austro-Hungarian vessels arriving at our
ports, a corresponding courtesy having been
extended to American vessels in tbe ports of
that kingdom.
Upreial Agent.
George Spaldiog has been appointed special
treasury agent at Detroit.
Custom Receipts.
The followin' are the custom house receipts
for the week ending October 28: New York,
$3,522 552;Pbiladel|.liia, $178,715; Bostou,$f!80,
451; Battimote, $222 929; New Orleans, $157,
774.
Plus Disapproved.
Tkc plans which were submitted for the Sec
retary of the Treasury for the removal of the
post-office at New Loudon, Ct to the custom
house have been disapprove I.
The estimates.
The Tretsury Department has commenced
the preparation of estimates for the next fiscal
year.
Ks-Klut Manors.
A letter from Spartansburg, S. C., says that
last Friday a squad of cavalry rode out iu the
direction ol Liinestoae Springs and returned
tt 11 ij al ivu xviu.v |ii ivuuri*. xiiu' tar mi wuu
could give good hoods have been admitted to
bail and are making preparations for their
tr!a>.
Office Seekers Active.
There is a lively contest tor the vacant offi
ces in Philadelphia caused by the death of U.
S. Marshal Gregory, the transfer of Collector
Sickles of the 4tli district to be pension agent
in the place ot Forbes, aud the resignation by
the Mayor eleet Stokety ot the arsessorahip of
the 2d district. A nu nter of Philadelphia
politicians have arrived to urge the claims of
the resp ective favorites, but as yer the Piesi
dent has taken no action.
1 he lutisai In Arissun.
Delegate McCormick of Arizooi, who has
been in consultation during the week with
President Grant, General Sherman and Sec
retary of War aud the Secretary of the Inte
rior, is understood to say that the new pro
gramme for the control of the Indians in Ari
zona will be satisfactory to his constituents if
strictly adhered to. Gen. Cook is detained in
his dealing with hostile Iudiaus, aud the .1th
cavalry is ordered to Arizona to relieve the ltd
arid will proceed there at once. McCormick
has protested against certain acts of Colyer du
ring his vi.-it to Arizona, and says he is satis
fied that they were not authorized and are not
approved by the President.
CALIFORNIA.
Bank Robber Caught.
San Fbanoisco, Nov. 9.—Hine, who robbed
the Massachusetts baud of S25.000, was arrest
ed here by the detectives last evening. Most
of the money was found in his possession.
The Hastings llaulc ot San Francisco aud
the Hank of Siuie Co., in this city, both re
cently suspended, will probably pay" fifty cents
on a dollar.
Hiolerato be ludicled.
.Tudge Lepulveda delivered an impressive
charge to the grand jury at Los Angelos to-day
urging them to avoid prejudice aod sustain
law and morality by iudictiug the perpetrators
of the recent atrocious massacre of the
Chinese.
Diwovrrv of Kith Mines.
There is great ozoiteinent uear Visulie ovei
the discovery of numerous rich gold quarts
ledges.
j UTAH.
The Vlormou ludirtments.
Salt Lakh, Nov. 9.-Notwithstanding tin
i grand jury and officers ot the court have kepi
their secrets wondeifully well, it is now aseer
tamed tl-at the iudicimeuts against Iirigbau
Young, Mayor Wei's aud Hosea Stout foi
murder, were not tound upon the sole testimo
1 uy ol Hill Hickman, the so-ca.led “destroyin'
augel.” It is known that on the tria1, witness
es will be produced for the prosecution nut a
all implicated in the chaige who, it is said
will testily to almost all that liiekmau hai
j sworn to aid perhaps more.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
FOREIGN.
FBAM'K.
Explosion of a Coal Mine.
More than Fifty Men Killed.
Lord Mayor's Dinner.
The Era or Good Feeling.
Pauls, Nov 9 —A terrible explosion occur
red to day in a coal mine uear St. Etieuue,
while the gangs were at woik. None of the
meu have yet beeu recovered alive. Twenty
two bodies have been taken out, and thirty
miners are frtill in the pit, all of whom are sup
posed to be dead. Tbe explosion was caused
by fire damps.
CompiaLorj Military Service and Educa
tion.
In the General Council of Eure, yesterday,
Minister J ouyer Q.iertier said that Thiers,
who bad been oppose 1 to making the military
service obligatory, was b^ginuiug to yield be
fore the necessity of such a me isure to bring
the aimy up to the proper standard of efficien
cy. The General Council.’* of the departments
throughout the country are considering tbs
subj-ct of compulsory education. Several
have already adopted the system and many
have declared in favor of it, and there is good
rea on to believe that all will eventually ac
cept and carry it into practical operation.
A IT STS! A.
B cunt’s Succciaor.
Vienna, Nov. 9.—Count Androssy has ae
ccp ed tbe Ministry of Foreig*b Affairs, vice
Count Von Bi-u>t, resigned.
4-KttAT BRITAIN.
The Queer” Id England.
London, Nov. 9.—Some swiad'e-, giving the
name of Charles S. Whittington, No. 44 John
street, New Yora, has beeu sending circulars
to various parties oflering to supply them with
perfrcrly executed counteifeit notes of the
Bank ot Englaud at low rates. Several of the
circulars have been handed to tbe London po
lice magistrates, who have telegraphed the lact
to the New York police. The Times exposes
the facts in a city article this morning.
The Lard Mayoi Show.
The Ljrd Mayor’s show, with its usual dis
play and processiou to Westminster Hall, pass
ed off to day to the entire satisfaction of the
multitude, who thronged the streets and filled j
niuuuna ui a irct nurci dU'J IUO BUUUU.
The weather was exceptionally hue.
The festivities of the Lord Mayor’s day clos
ed with the U‘Ual banquet given by ibe Loid
Mayor at Guild Hall, which was attended by a
brilliant company of Ministers, members of
Parliament Ambassadors and other distin
guished persons. Among the guests were
Gladstone and several members of the Cabinet
and Sc be nek, the Americau Minister. A toast
to the diploniitic corps, which was fully repre
sented at the binquet, was responded toby
Mr. Scbenck, wuo in the course of his remarks
male a grajeful and leeling allusion to the
sympathy shown by England for the inhabi
tants ol Chicago iu their great calamity, ilis
speech was loudly and *igniiieau»ly cheered.
Mr. Gladstone, in replying to the toast to
Her Majesty's Government, said he was thank
fa 1 that b* was ab to state that the present
moment England had no quarrel, feud or con
troversy with any foreign power ou the wide
surface of the globe. England's place iu Eu
rope was that of one arnoug many sisters in
separable lrum ibe European family, but he
was glad that her peculiar jo-iiion removed
her from the ri ks of European dissensions.
Peace was never so certain as now. He be
lieved that the sentiments of friendship and
attachment whieb had been expressed by the
minister of the United States on the part ol
the Americau ptop’e for their brothers iu
Great Britain were universally felt iu tlie
breasts of other nations. When,’' said Mr.
Gladstone w th much earnestness, “the Amer
ican Minister spoke of the relief for Chicigo,
the heart of this great ball answered him,
‘America has been equally ready to pour treas
ure for our relief.'” (Prolonged cheering)
“The treaty of Washington,” he continued,
“not only obviated future controversies, but it
was au extension of that international code
which was the most remarkable triumphs of
modern civilization that might possibly inau
gurate a peaceful arbitrament of all disputes
among n„t;ons.'' The Premier concluded by
declaring that England bad little to fear from
internal troub es, and that the International
Socie y, a source of so much apprehension to
her neighbors, caused no uneasiness hese.
PRUSSIA,
Extensive Strike*.
Zurich, Nov. 1). Extensive strikes are an
nounced at Eibing, au important town in East
ern Prussia, noted for manufactures, especially
sugar reliaeries, woo'ea and other fietories,
where steam power is extensively used.
SPAIN.
The International.
Madrid, Nov. 9 A political league, design
ed to combat the jbpet of the plans of the In
ternational Socety, is iu course of formatiou
here. It iucludes the oppj*itiou to the Cuban
insurgents.
WEST INDIES.
Havana, Nov 9 —The markets are general
ly animated. Exchange is declining aud pto
visious plentiful.
Nktr vo it u.
Tweed la Retire ©u Ilia Uoaors.
New Yoke, Nov. 9 —Sheriff lirenoau states
that he considers Tweed’s report) d resignaAion
as Commissioner ol Public works as true and
Mayor Hall last eveniug stated that he was
not at libeily to answer the query whether
Tweed had re-igued. Tweed has very tecent
ly disposed of all his railway stock aod real
ostaie at a considerable sacrifice. Sewn hun
dred shares ol the Third Avenue Horse Rail
way he sold af 170, the ruling price being 195.
His name has been dropped from the board of
directors of tbat road. It is tbe general im
pression of his political friends and the public
that he is about to vamoose.
Fields mid lugerioll.
Ingetso'l Las returned aud he voted on Tues
day. He will ho ariesled as soon as a new or
der from Aitoruey General Champlain ia re
ceive! hv the sheriff.
Fields is to be arrested to-day. He has hail
hoods ready. Samuel Tildeu believes that
both Tweed aud Fields will not he allowed to
take seals in the legislature.
Brooklyn klMllos.
Frederick A. Scbroeder, Republican, Is elect
ed coitipieoller of Brooklyn, oue of the most
important offices iu the city. Shearman, the
city auditor and a leading Democrat, concede 1
last eveuiug the elec.iou of Burtows, Repub
lican, lor tax collector. The evidence of fraud
iu Brooklyn is vety strong. Tbe Republicans
have gained fo.tr Assemblymen in Biooklyu
and oue ward iu that city is nut yet couuted.
The Brooklyn Frauds.
A meeting of the Republican Committee aud
the Republican cuud:date of Brooklyn was
held this morning.
There was a 1 rrge attendance. Alter sever
al speedier in which it was asserted that tbeie
was evidence oi a conclusive nature ready to
prove glaring frauds in countiug by the inspec
tors aud poll canvassers by which several can
didates were counted out A committee was
chosen to bting the matter properly b.doro the
police courts and tbe legislature.
Mayor K’abtl-isch was present aud acted in
sympathy with tbe meeting.
Tbe Programme of Reform.
Gen. Barlow, the newly elected Attorney
General of the Slate, says that criminal pto
ceediags will be immediately commenced
against every man implicated in the city
frauds. He says lurther, ‘We can easily rid
ourselves of all corrupt officials. The mayor,
the commissioners, the different municipal bu
reaus, tbe judges in the city and iuterior courts
and judges ol the higher courts will be reached
by impeachment. A new city eba-ter will be
procured and a cew elect ion or. ered.”
A tf»il Result.
Deputy Controller Green stites that the re
suit ol lint election is a'readv tell iu the im
proved price ol tin city hands and he will now
have no trouole iu raising any amount of mon
ey.
Vnriou* Matters.
It is stated Gen. Sigel will make O'Donovan
Rossa deputy rcgisli r.
A mass meeting of the Young Men’s Munic
ipal Reform Association will b« held next
week at the Cooper Institute.
Tbe Suu states tiiat the building of tbe Via
duct railway, o.:e of the Tamaiauy jobs, is in
definitely postponed.
Judge Ledwitb has retired to bis country
seat on Ling Island.
Geueral Slieroau and Staff will be here Sat
urday to take passage iu the frigate Wabash.
The general term ol the Supreme Court re
versed its judgment giving Captaiu Samuels
$5300 lor tbo alleged 1 btl l>v the Rveuing Rost.
All tbe firemen injured by tbe Tenth Ave
nue disaster will recover.
Tom Field* Arioled
Tbotnas C Fields was arrested to day and
gave hail iu $200,000.
Turning Against Tlicir Master*.
At a meeting ot Aldermen to day the chair
man of a committee ot that body was appoint
ed to act with the supervisors and citizens in
tbe investigation ol bauds in the city accounts,
stated that tbe said committee lied received
tbe report of the citizens’ committee which bad
been published, but be said the aldermen and
committee believed tbe corporate authorities
should take some more decided action upon
such etariliug developments than mere publi
cation. Tbe committee are considering wbat
action it will be proptr for tbe board to take.
Further Actios agnliiKt tbe Broohlyu
King.
The committee appointed at tbe Brooklyn
meeting this morning have is-ued a call tor a
mass meeting for tile tax payers in the Acade
my ol Mus e to morrow night to express their
indignation at he ring Iran Is alleged to have
breu peiptlrated on the voteis Tuesday.
Srveral returns from districts in live wards
o( Brooklyn are st II missing
The Salary Question.
In the cas- of R'C.rdor Uackott against
Comptroller G cen on au older to show oaose
why the salaiy d maLded at the rate of $15,000
per annum should not be paid, to day, alter an
aigument on the power ol the supervisor to
raise the city judges' ealaiies, Judge Bragy ic
served his decision. This is a test case lor all
the city judges.
An AM r.unn iu Custody.
Alderman James I viug, for assaulting U.
S. Marshal Dowdy, who n lyiug d mgerousiy
ill from tbe assault, lias been arres'e and held
iu tbo custody ol Marshal Sharpe pending
Dowlcy’s rtcoveiy or death. 4®
A 'ater dispatch says that one U. S. Com
missioner White discharged Jim Irving to-day,
on bis nwu reooguizjuce, but be was immedi
ately re-arrested on a wan ait tor the same of
fence, issued by Commissioner Davenpoit. Irv
iug was taken belote tbe latter, who ordered
him to be taken to Ludlow street jail iu irons
to await examination to-morrow. Irving is a
prominent politician, and bis summary atresl
c^u^es 8otnr* evcituneut. Spencer, counsel fot
Irving, applied to Judge Woodruff for a writ
of habeas corpus, contending that D •veoport’y
actii-n was unlawful Au oidei|wis grauted
directing the Attorney General to show cause
lor not granting the wiit.
Parriounl.
Martin Frank, a counterfeiter, has been par
doned by the President.
Tweed’* Meat to be Coautird.
Tweed has not resigned and will not. lie
was at his cffice this afternoon aud was called
upon by many friends. He-will take liis seat
in the Senate on the opening day. O’Donovau
Kosia will, however, contest the seat on the
ground of illegal voting and false canvassing to
prove which bo is ta'd to have plenty of wit
nesses
Otber Heats to be €'out< sled.
McMahon, Reformer, wi:l contest Blair’s sea^
Pi the Assembly and Kilham will contest
r rear’s.
Tweed Ready.
Tweed said to-day that he would be ready
with a reply to Judge Learned’s warrant when
the twenty days were up.
Hall to Refeigu.
*8 rumored this afterooou that Mayor Hall
intends to rosigu before the organization of the
new municipal boards.
Going t* be Good.
Jojm BT. Keyser is believed to be travelling
in Florida or the Carolines for his health. H s
partner says that a little property at Aikeu, S.
L was bought by Keyser e month ago with
-lufention of establishing a hospital for
.Northern invalids.
Patent Pills.
A Mr. Wolfe died in the hospital Tuesday
night from swallowing half a pound of shot ou
the advice of an old woman to relieve consti
pation of the bowels.
Removal of frving to 17. N. Fait.
Marshal Sharpe, fearing that J m Irving’s
friends would secure him from the Luddon St.
Gil, has issued au order for his removal to the
United States fort.
MlSUb’HCJUElTi.
Street Robbery.
Boston, Nov. 9.—Charles I*. Kelley. freight
cashiered I he Hanford and Erie railroad, was
nocked down by four ruifi ms to eight and
roobed of a watch aud combination keys to the
sale. Money overlooked.
uu Darning. Lecture.
.,PMIJ B. Blackwell cave his first lecture
this eveoiug on Sau Domingo. Dr. S. G.
Howe, one ot the United States Commission
ers presided aud male a brief address. A
large andience was present which was much
interested.
Aurora Borrulia.
There is a brilliant aud miguificeut display
of the Aurora Borealis to-uigbt.
Possible Clue lo the Murderer of .film Lo
ll IU.
At tllA (llirnnar'a in.macl _a _ a 1_
muider ot Kate Leehau, held this afternoon
among the wituessen er^mined was Michael
Cusick, whose statements are somewhat con
tradicted by another wituess named John Ry
an. Cusick is locked up aud Ryau is uuder
bonds to appear as witness. The inquest is
adjourned until to morrow wbeu there may be
some new development.
Itiutiemnn Killed.
John Madden, aged 33, brake man, while
sbackliug cars at the Boston aud Providence
railroad was run over and d:ed from injuries
last night.
ILLINOIS.
Accidrutnml I.om of Life.
Chicago, Nov. 9.—L ist evening as a locomo
tive oq the North Western railway was ap
proaching Kiausie St., bridge,the tug McLell
au collided with the bridge, swinging it paitly
open so that tha the locomotive was precipi
tated in the river with three persons. William
Lee a clerk, went down with the locomotive
and his body has not beeu recovered. KJwaid
Pierce, the engineer, was rescued but he was
severely injured and Clias. Hall, firtmac, es
caped unit jured.
The K*aliuer-^hei idnu Haller.
Judge Williams charged the grand jury that
the Court nor the prosecuting attorney bad
any authority to iustruct the jury whom to iu
dict, having reference to the shooting oi Gos
veua and the Palmer Sheridan matter. The
Judge dwells at some length upon the impro
priety ol the actiou of Gov. Palmer in having
a letter to the District Attorney published.
INDIANA.
Railroad Accident.
Cincinnati, Nov. 9.—A passenger train on
the Ciuciuuali, ludiaua aud Junction railroad
was thrown Irotn the track by a cow, eait of
Liberty, Iud., tins afternoon, wrecking the en
gine, tender, baggage, passenger and Pullman
alee ping c>rs.
Ti-u persons are reported seriously injured.
As scon as tbe news reaeued Liberty the citi
zens promptly repaired to the scene and con
veyed the suffers to theii residences where
everything possible was done to alleviate their
sufferings. The train was terribly wrecked
and it is surprising that no was killed. No
blame is attached to the railroad.
HIETEORO LOGIC A L.
Synopjia oI Weaili^r Rcpurt* for the pan
iwcnti-Eour Hours.
War Dmp’t, Office Chief Signal
Officer, Washington, D. 0.,
Nov. 9, (7.00 P. M.)J
Tbe low barometer iu Illinois will probably
eily winds continue on Like Michigan, uuitli
east winds ou Lake Erie veering to southwest,
southwest winds with rain ft cm Georgia to
Virginia, cold northwest winds and clearing
wea her west of Alabama aud Illinois, easterly
winds with threatening weather in New Eng
land. Cautionary signals are ordered for the
Southern poriious of Lake Michigan aud Lake
Eiie.
CONNECTICUT.
1 he JEtnn Insurance Co.
Hartford, Nov. 9.—The stockholders of th3
JEluh insuranee company to-day voted 10 re
duce the capital stock to $1500,000, aud subse
quently voted to increase the stock the same
amount, which will give the company an ample
re-insurauce fund and enable it to meet the re
quirements of the insurance laws of every
State.
RHODE ISLAND.
Wftinon Sufl'iagc Convention*
Providence, Nov. 9.—The Rhode Island
Woman Suffrage Associrtion, at the annual
meeting to-day, voted to beceiue auqiliary to
the Ameiican Association. Mrs. E. B. Chase
was le elec e 1 President. A-nong the Speak
ers wete Col. HiggiusoD, Lucy Stone, Rev.
Celia Burleigh aud Mrs. E. K. Churchill.
MINNESOTA.
Feniaui Lei Loo e.
St. Paul, Nov. 9. Commissioner Spencer
discharged the Fenians O'Neil and Curley, ou
tho ground that although the offence was
clearly established no proof was adduc.d that
the expedition was organized in Minnesota.
Election Keturi»».
St. Paul. N >v. 9.—Partial returns from 39
counties give Austin for Governor a majority
of 5,535. The portions of the State to hear
from are Republican and will swell h:s majori
ty considerably. Austiu received 61 majority
in St. Paul running 300 ahead of his ticket.
COLORADO.
Earthquake.
Denver. Nov 9.—G. orgetown aud Central
City experienced a slight shock of earthquake
this morning, lasting from t°u to fifteen seconds
in each place. No damage done.
IO IV A.
flog Cliolcrn.
Chicago, Nor. 9.—In Tama county, Iowa,
the hog cholera pievail? to an alariniug extent.
Almost every fanner is more or less a loser by
the epidemic.
TEL El- II AFHIC IIKHS.
The scholars iu the New York public schools
b&ve given §13,000 to Chicago.
All the French residents of New York have
sigoed a petition tor the pardou ot Rossel, the
convicted communist.
Topsy beat Grace Bertram at Fleetwood
Park Wednesday in a match lor $1000. Best
time 233 1-2.
Fifteen bags of the English mail received by
the Russia at New Yoik intended to Chicago,
was seut to San Fiancisco—making a long
journey.
The testimony in tbe question of the right of
the inmates ol the Dayteu, O., Soldiers’ Asyl
um to vote, begun Tbarsday.
Theodore B. Bauusen, leader of a gong cf
bounty and back pay <orgers, was arrested in
NewYoik Wednesday. It is staled that be
bus manipulated lorged claims ou the govern
ment auumntiug to $400 000. His headquar
ters have lately been in Chicago.
Charles Davis, brakeman on the Boston and
Lowell road, had both legs cut oft' and died
Thursday night in consequence of fulling from
a traio. He leaves a wile and twochildien in
Cimbridgeporf.
TheTrihoue’s Little Iiock, Ark., despatch
sajs the eutite Bepublicau ticket was elected.
Five hundred colored cit'Zniis were denied the
right to vote and numbers of white men also,
because they were uufriendly to the authori
ties.
A Columbia, S. C., dispatch to the New
York Herald states that si veral arrests have
beeu oiade al Union Court House by the U. S.
Marshal atd mire are beiog make. Tie Her
ald's despa ih says tbe feeling is vtry bitter
and if blon she i ensues it would not be sur
prising.
Gen. Banks anil faurly arrived in New
Yoik from Liverpool yesterday.
The Post says tbe result in New Yoik ci y
was uot a partisan victory.
The estate of M. Peck a Chicago pioneer who
died since tlie tire, has been put into probate,
amounting to $2 420,000.
Tbe railroads convi rging at Chicago, propose
to build the tinc-st uniou depot iu the world if
they can purchase a part of Lake Paik.
The goveument sold two millions of gold yes
terday iu New York at 111 lil to 111 70. There
were thirty seven bids amontiug to eight mil
lion dollars.
Tbe Cleveland, Ohio Insurance Co. has gone
into liquidation and M. C. Youuglovo has been
appointed recoiver.
The Jarvis collection of Italian paintings
was sold at auction in New Haven Thursday,
to Yale College for $22,000.
The U. S. Braz'l steamship Co., have an
nounced to the government that twa addition
al steamships will he put ou the line and the
navy department will make the examination
required by law at ouce.
The whaling bark Concordia arrived at Nor
wich, Conu.. Thursday with 2000 barrels of oil
and 25,000 lbs., whalebone.
In New York do Governor was to be chosen.
But tbe indications arc that the Democrats
have elected their State officers.
The above was clipped from a leading Dem
ocratic exchange in this State, published
Thursday morning, when it must have boen
well known that the Democracy in New York
had antlered one ol the most overwhelming de
feats in the history of political parties in this
country.
JtlfSCJHI,liAMHOt'S WOT'IC|r*9,
Pictures—The balance of the invoiced
chromos and paintings unsold last evening will
bo offered on Saturday, the llib, alg 30 o’clock
at tbe Bazaar, 14 Exchange street.
G. A. Merry, can be found with H. \v
Lewis, Uair Dresser, comer Exchange and
Federal Sis. George would be pleased to sec
bis friends and customers.
At Cogia Hassan’s is to be found tbe most
complete assortment of millinery east of Bos
ton.
F. O. Bailey Co. sell this day at ten
o’clock, at salesroom, 18 Exchange street, tbe
library and office furniture of the late John A.
Poor.
Wk invito all who wish to buy good clotbiDg
well made up, to call on George W. Rich
Co., store 173 Fore street.
_novlO lwFM&W
Our lour button kid gloves are maivelsof
beauty. Our 81.00 kids are very n!ce. Cogia
Ilas6au, 127 Middle and G Temp'* streets.
1\ E lravo tbe largest and best stock of over
coats in this city, and shall sell them at ex
tremely low prices. George W. Rich Co.
173 Fore street._ covlO-lwFM&W
Prices reduced ou brown and bleached sheet
ings, cotton ai d flannels. Cogia Hassan, 129
Middle and G Temple stree s.
One of tbe greatest curiosities of the age in
tbe way ct mechanical inventions may be seeu
in operation at all hours of tbe day at G7 Fede
ral street.
At 10 o’clock ibis day F. O. Bailey Co.
sell oue tine horse. See auction column.
Is' you see a real stylish bat you can be sure
it was made at Cogia Hassan’s, 129 Middle and
G Temple streets.
Best stock of Boy’s Clothing in tbe city it
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle street. Come
early and avoid lb? rush Saturday eveuing.
lr is said that if a puff of air were to be
blown into a vein of anauimal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
be stopp^|). Tbe blood makes tbe entire cir
cuit ot the human body every seven minntes,
anl whenever this circulation is impeded or
anv of its channels are dogged hv minorities
which ought to be carried eft', disease follows—
fever ora disease of liv^ror kidueys,or scrofula,
or dyspepsia. To get at aud remove the source
of the difficulty use tie old aud Infallible
blood purifier, Du. Walker's California
Vinegar Bitters. ocd8.L4 v
Get Briggs' Corn and Bunion Remedies
Briggs* Pile Remedies are a success.
Briggs’Allavautor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs’ Throat and Lung Dealer.
C O M M PJ u c 1 A L,
Foreign Imports.
HALIFAX, N S. Steamer Carlot'a—9 pki?s md>e
6 boxes specie to Eastern Txpriss Co; goods lor Can
ada, New York aud Boston.
Receipts by Hailronda and Sftenmboate.
Grand Trunk Hailway.-240 cans milk, 1700
bbls flour, 73 tubs butler. 37 carboy#, *5 rolls leather
6 quarter* bed. 30 fcnlg liooi s, 40 do lea boards, 36
casks. 25 cars In mb r, 9 do coiu.l i o hr uphold goods
3 do bark, 1 do wheat, 5 do po»atoes* 1 co laths, 1 do
paper, 1 do chipboard.*. 2 do spirits. 2 do sundiles.—
Shipments *o Lower Provinces—feOO bbls flour,3 cars
wheat, 2 do sundries.
Main* Central Railway-4 cases rudsc, 40 Ws
shove.s, 17 <1 j dowels, 53 boxes axes, 6 pkgs sundries
Steamer Montreal from Hoston—105 boiler
tubes, 5 pines iron, 10 bbls sw.et potatoes, 20 empty
keg*,15 rolls tarred paper, 40 ca ks nails. C oi ls r*»iD,
32 pieces water pipe, 22 kegs load, 50 bbls. pork, 22
flrk us lard, 20 boxes and 20 ua'er domestics, 2 piano
tortes, 17 bales b tir, 10 b l*s sbovr*ls. 50 b *gs dye wood,
6 cooking stoves 7 sewing ma bines, 100 bbls llour,
25 Atkins butte 15 bbls. and 20 had do beer, 11 bills
leather, 10 do sheep skins, 1(0 pkgstootder. For
Cana a an 1 up country—57 pvgs turniture, 38 bale*
rags, 3 do co ton, It 9 b<xes cans. 24 bale* marlin, 35
bills p pef l hlM. su^ur, 2 do molasses, .0 ca>ks a.da
ash, 18 bales aud i7 bsgs wool, 75 pkgs to order.
iff* York Mieck and money Hlarksu
New York, Nov. 9— Morning.—Gold 111’. Money
6 per cent. Stalling Exchange TOb'f a U9|. Stacks
string. State bonds dull.
The tor owing are the lore noon quotations ot South
ern securities:
Tennessee 6s, new... G5
Virginia 6s, new. Go
Missouri 6s.. 95 J
Louisiana ds, ne«r.56
Alabama 5s. C5
Georgia 7’s.... 86
North Carolina 6*s, new. 19
Soulh Carolina 6s. new.S4J
The lollowing were the quotations for Union Pa
cific securities:
Central Pacific bonds.. If22
ITuinn PoniHi* tinnilc ctii
Union Pa :itic stock. 2»
Ui-ion Pacitic land grants. 773
Union Pacitic income bonds. 78
New York. Nov. 9— Evening.—Money liim at 5
7 per cent. Sterling Exchange 108J. Gold weak al
1114 (g 1119: loins borrowing were at 1-61 to 2 per
cent and d it carrying at 2 log 7 per cent, and 1 32.
The clearances were $58,o:)0,0jO Governments dad
and steady, fctite seouiiii ?s steady South Carolina?
acak. Stock market generally heavy throughout
the day: the decline tanged from jtoljj percent.,
wild wig m st mark d in Lake Shore, Pacitic Mail,
Wabash, trie, North Western common. Rock Island,
Ohio aud Mississippi. Western Union vras strong
I'll the dose,when it tell off. I he dealings were well
distributed t*u: not large.
l ire following are the closing quotations ot Gov
ernment securities:
United States coupon G’s, 18S1.1164
United States 5-20's 1862.llljj
United St ile? 5-20’s 1864.lm
LTuilaU StoiH 5-20’s 18G5. old.IIU
United States 5-20’s 1805, tr w.. .113J
United States 5-20’s, 1867.114
United States 5-20’?, 1868. 1144
United States l0-40s., coupon.1094
Currency G’s..
Tbe following are the closing quotations ol
Slocks;
Western Union Telegraph Co. 614
Pacitic Mail. 4(jj
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidate.!... 91
N Y. Central dfc Hudson Kirercousolidated scrip. 86i
Erie. ;?oJ
Erie preferred..
Harlem. .121
llarleui preferred.124
Reading.109
Michigan Ceutral.119
Lake Shore Michigan Southern, ex div. 85
Illinois Central. ,.1;U
Cleveland Pittsburg.124
Chicago A North Western. 614
Chicago North Western preferred.90j
Chicago Jt Rock Island.lOlj
Milwaukee St. Paul. 57
Pittsburg Fort Wayne... 9GJ

Blomeiilic MarkGR.
New York.Nov 9—Evening.—Corton in reaciivc
tor exj-ort; sales 3098 bales; Middling upla ds i8ic.— I
Flour un luruged; sales 8400 hbls.t State 5 80 7 15;
round Loop Ohio 6 CO(q)7 20; Western 5 70 7 40;
Southern 6 80 @9 25. Wheat 1 2c lower; s-«les 76,
000 bush.; No. 1 Spring at 1 55; No 2 do 1 50jfcj 1 C3;
Winn r Red Western l 58 I 60. Co n a shade easi
er; sates 98.000 bush.; Mixed Western Z.SQClic.^
Oats—sales 112.C03 bus*.; Ohio 53 54c.' Reel quiet
P >rk steady; mess 13 10 Q 13 25 Lard heavy at 9j{
10c. tiut erseady Whiskey steady a 9ic. Ri« e
steady a- 7} 840 Sugar a shade tinner; Mu.«cova
do 9 10t*; rclluiog (g 9|c. C-ft-e quiet; Rio 17j
19Je. Mol is*es dull. Naval Stores—Spw its Tur- j
pentine dull at G9c. Ro^iu very linn at 4 75 61} 4 87$
P»r straintd. Petroleum firm; crude 12jc; refined at
23c. Tallow steady at 9 ig 91
Freights to Liverpool a shade firmer; Cotton per
steam 5-16 3-7d; Wheat per steam 7|<1; Corn ier
sail 7d.
Chicago, Not. 9.—Flour quiet anil unchauge l.—
Wheat has a 840- ulativc demand and higher; No. 1
Spring 1 23: No. 2 do 1 19j Q 1 2<»j; No. 3 do ar 1 12j;
iejicte I 1 04; No. 2 Spring, teller November. 1 19J;
do l ist half mouth 1 2*'|; do Dec ember l 22 1 224.
Corn active aud higher; No. 2 Mixed 4Sc; r-Jecied
45* ich 45c seller November and 45 \u) 164c do Dt-Ccm
ber. Rye active and liig'.-er; No. 2 atGIc; lejaUc-J 53
(tt 5le. Oats active and higher at 33je;. seller No
vember 324 <4 o>r do December 33e; 00 January 33
31Jc. Balov firm; No. 2 Spring 534 54c; No. 3
do 44 M 45c; rejected do 34 34;c. Pork firm at 12 75;
seller December 12 75; uoJanurrv l2 88'S)13 0o; do
Fcoi u 11 y 13 12 Cq> 13 53: do March 13 35 (a} 14 40
Green meats steady short ribs 5j (g 5jc. Bulk meats
tirm; sbouldets Cjc, clear rib G^c; clear tides 7c all
loose B el hams steady at 19 &20J. Whiskey in
fair dem »nd at 86c. Live Ho *s him al 3 70 Cq? 4 25.
Receipts—7uoo bb s.tlour, C9,lH)ofbu.-h. wheat, 1-0 060
busli.com 4'f00 btisli. oa’s, 52,060 bush, barley, 15,000
tush, rye, 8000 li gs.
Shipments—SOtO bbls. ftoor, 55,000 bush, wheat, 36,
000 bush, corn, 6)00 bush, oats, 59,000 hush, baric),
1C00 bush, rye, 4000 hogs.
St. Louis, Nov 9.—Flour dull and unchanged.—
When higher; No. 3 Bid 1 3d@ I 39; No 2 at 1 50.
Corn steady; MixeJ41c; Yellow 42 (w 424c on track,
YeVow Mixed 44s; Whire in tlevaior 46 'a; 47c. Oats
tinner; No. 2 i 1 bulk 3170 35c; sacked 59'. Barley
da l. Rye be d higher; No 2 at 68 (a) Gtt^c Pork,
Bacon and Laid quiet and unchanged.
Cincinnati, Nov. 9 -Pork dull at 12 75 Lard
dull and nuebanred. Bulk Meats dull aud unchang
ed; new shoulders Gjc; sides 7i fvljc. Bacon quiet
hat unchanged. Live 11 gs in good demand at 4 40
l«> 4 5i»; receipts 10,000. Whiskey steady al 88c.
Milwaukee Nov. 9.— Flour unchanged Wheat
dull aud.unsettled; No. I at 1224; No. 2 at 1 li»j.
Oats firm aud scare No. 2 at 22fc. Corn in good
.1 XT.. M Wi.> 4......
m iml a d higher; No. 2 Fall 5J-.
Heccipt*!—4000 L»l» s. flour, 40,000 bush, wheat.
Shi; incuts—6000 bbls. fl ur, 172,000 bush, wheat.
lY’LELO, Nov. 9.-Four nothing doing. Wheat
heavy; No. 1 White Miehigao 1 4ft; Amber Michigan
1 43; No 1 Winter Red 1 43; No. 2 do 1 35. Corn a
►hade weaker; hi^li Mixed 56-; new do 51c; low do
olje; n w doosjc; Michigan 54 cl 55c; new White
53.Jc. Oats strong; No. 1 at C8e; No. 2 at 3CJc; Mich
igan 37c; rej eten 34jc.
t baelkhton, Nov. 9 —Cotton quiet; Midd.ing
uplands 18 Jc.
■Savannah, Xov. 9.-Cotton irregular and in good
demand; Middling uplands 18J I8ft\
S|.Iouilb, Nov. 9.—Cotton in lair demand; Mid
ling a; lauds 17£c.
Mew Orj barb, Nov. 9.—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands 18c.
fr«rrtcu Markets.
London, Nov. 0—11 30 A. M.—Consols 93 tor
money and account.
Amcricau securities- U. S. 5-20s, 1862,913; do 1*05
old 81$; do I8C7, 93}; U. S. KMOs 893. 1
LtVEKPOOL, Nov. 9—10 30 A. M.—Cotton quiet
anj sieaily Mid.lUog uplands Md; do Orleans tfji;
sales 10,010 bales.
London Nov. 9-1.30 P. M -Consols at 9.1 lor
money and aceoum.
,9“7*-30 P• M.—Cotton quiet and
ll el iitL 6* 10,000 bak8' Pork 48s* *GsOJ.
London, Nov. 9—5 P. M.—Consols closed at <3
lormoueyaud account.
American securities-U. S. 5-20’s 1862, 912; do U63
old, 91J; do 18u7, 93j; U. S. 10-40s,89J.
London, Nov. 9-4.30 P. M.—The amount of bu*
lioti in the Bank of England has incieased £563 000
during the past week.
Freights.
Charleston, Nov. 6.—Freights to Liverpool by
steam direct, via New \o k I m uplands; -d
ou Sea Clauds; by sail, cireet. jd ou Uplands and
nominal on Sea td md-; to Hivre b/ siil. nominal.
Coastwise—To New York by steam 3c p tb ou up
lands, lc p lb on Sea Islands; $2 p tierce on Rice;
by sail, j!c p lb Oil uplands, $7 (g H M on Luuibel
aud 10 k> M on Timber. To Boston, by sail, $o
P lb on upland Cotton; to Providence by sail 88 P
M on Boards; lb on upl md; t.y sieaiu $1 p bale
in addition to New York rates Vessels are in demand
to take Lumber Heights fiom Georgetown, SC, Da
rien and Satdia r vec, Ga, *ud Jacksonville, Florida,
to Northern poits and $10 a) 12 k* M are rates lii
Lumber aud Hoards.
Modile, Nov. 3 —Freights quiet ai.d dull. Coast
wise .iciivc and rales steady. We quote:—To Liver
pool by steam 11 tiki; by sail l3-32d. Caastw so ports
bv siil, 3c; Mobile AOh>o Kuilroul ami Star Union
Line ana L itlc Miami Railroad p 160 lb—To Bo.-teli
$1 20, ProvidenceauU Fall hiver $1 26; New York
$1 19; Philadelphia 9160; Baltimoie $1,
New Orleans. Nov. 4—Freight?—Tie offering
lor lott'jgn are quite liberal, and two is ample sup
P’y *»i room on tbe berth. The movement roast wts
i?oiily lu-xf.-iaie. Colton to Civ^rcool, by ?CcJ
Vi sivre ,*c; ,0 Hohioii fr; to Liverpool, bv gleam
li-IUI; to lb emeu and Hamburg {d; New York ic
to Philadelphia 2
Boaiou stock Li«l.
Sales at tbe Brokers’ Board, No?. 9.
Union Pacific H H sixes. 87
Pcnperol»SSo!ra 1 Ut Bonds.* 84
KnUlro K»m;,aT'''lar,Ug C““‘pau'.
Mk-bigau Cental HaVhVjj...
B»U. M nStf^gSg******. at
An Intkbest.no Clai^^7a
for years a prominent nun ,n Aroostook conn^
ty, bat now living in Massachusetts has
brougbttotbeattentionof.be Sate auihoti
ties, a claim for compensation for lands in
Aroostook Co. takeu from them by tbe treaty of
Washington. The bistory and character of
these claims, under au investigation by a legi,.
lative resolve by the Governor and Conucil in
1870, show that by the treaty ofl783, tbe North
eastern ooundarv of Maine was a line running
due north from tbe monument at tbe head
waters of the St. Croix ucar the |norih line ot
Amity to the northern line of the Slate. By
the Washington treaty in 1843, a conventional
line was established which began on tbe old
line at tbe monument and diverged to tbe west
gradually as it went uurtb, thus cutting tie
easterly ends of all the townships of land lying
between the monument and tbe northern line
of the State. A large portion of the strip of
land thus cut ofl bad been sold by tbe States of
Maine and Massachusetts prior to tbe treaty el
Washington, to individuals. By tbe terms of
the last named treaty the soil and title of this
strip p issed to eeit'ers in the Province of New
Brunswick, so that tbese|owuers have dost the
full value ol their lands thus ceded away, and
bavo thus far bad no compensation therefor
from the State or from tbe United States.—
It is shown that 10,718 acres and 137 rods were
takeu b. longing to in ividuals in townsbsps
aud parts of townships, as follows: Hodgdou
630 acree; Boulton, (south hall)558 acres: Wil
liams College g.aDt, 1600 acres; Framingham
Academy graDt, 855 acres, 57 rods; Montacello,
1753 acres; Potilaud Academy grant,816acres;
Bridgewater Academy grant". 810 acres: Mars
Hill, loOU acres, 80 ro,s; Rlymouth grant, 2017
acres.
The claimants represent that this simple
transfer from Maiuo to New Brunswick of their
land damaged them to the amount of $3 per
acre and a bid is now befoie Congress to pay
them oyer $32,000, the damage sustained. To
what proportion this sum will le swelled by a
possible c‘aim for interest since 1842, is not
k now u.
Nash ja and Rociikstkr Railroad,—An
important spec al meeting of the stockholders
of the Worcester Nashua Railroad will be
held on Saturday next, in Worcester, at the
hall of the Natural History Society. The
meeting is call'd to act on two propositions re
lating to the Nashua Rochester Railroad,
besides another in relerence to a lease of the
proposed Lancaster Railroad. The first propo
sition touching the Nashua Rochester enter
prise is couched in the.-e words:
“To see.il the Stockholders will accept of an
Act ot.ilie Legislature of Massachusetts, ap
proved May 5,1> 71, entitled art Act to author
ize lire Worcester Nashua Railroad Compa
ny to hire the road of the Nashua Roches
ter Railroad Company.”
And the second:
“To see it the stockholders will authorize
the Directors to hire or take a lease of the con
tern plated Nashua Rochester Railroad, in
the State of New Hampshire, for a term of
years.’'
Upon the actiou of the Worcester Nashua
stockholders, the Nashua Telegraph says, de
pend the success or Lilure of the contemplated
extcns:ou of the Worcester road to Rochester.
It is expected that the voice ol the stockhold
ers will ire favorable. The Telegraph says tire
result of the meeting is the more important
from the fact that a new and rival enterprise
has becu broached to connect this city with
the Boston Maine road in lire vicinity of At
kinson. The disiance is only eighteen miles,
and wc have no doubt that the link will be
built if the Nashua Rochester is not very
soon put under contract.
ENTERTAINMENTS.
Err rrn ww rr r
-m. -mi-M Jm. JLaLWM. JJ JLi#
Tuesday Eveuiner. November 14tb,
ASD
Four Following: Nights 1
Electro Biology and Phrenology
Instructive and Amusing,
Proi;«.W.Stone
Will give as above, a Series of
Wonderful and Amusing
EXPERIMENTS
Upon pen; »ns in a pertectly wakeful state.
In order co attract G. neral Attention to this in
teresting Science there will be presenter! to the Au
dieeco each evening at least
50 Be lutifal Costly Gifts,
Free of Fxlra Charge.
Doors open at T o’llock. Commence at 8.
Admission (with one envelope) 55 cents. Front
Seats (two envel pcs) 50 cents. Family Ticket, lo
admit three, (six enve ope*) <1.
Tickets may lie had at Hare.-* Ciaglu's Music
S ote, 77 Middle sireot, at Sio kbridge's Music store,
116 Excbeng.! st, and at the door. no4dtr
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE k MARINE
Iiisurance Co.
Srikgfield, Mass., Occ 25, 1871.
Messrs. Loring si Thfrston,
Agents, Portland:
As many of the Companies have been deceived in
the amount ot their i hie a go we couclud
at this late day to uibke the fallowing Slateiocn
which we know tobeeoirect.
AmwsH at ITIurkel Value.$1,077,000
Chicago lohNea
not over.$450,000
All other outulaudiiig
•®“'«.47.JD0 9407,‘MO
<5)0 780
GP-TIds will give us onr Capiltl ol $300,WOO
entire, an I Surplus 01 f 70,7 NO and we expect a
sdvageot over $.5 000 at Chicago.
O ur Adjusters are pay ing all loiecss at Chicago in
Ca-h as last as they can be adjusted.
Our Director* and Stockholders are pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO RATA on their Stock $.T45>
OOO within thirty days, as a leseive against all out
standing lists, in accordance with tlia L\ws ol
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus
OF OVER
#900,000.00.
After Paying all Out.lnudiag Uura.
THIS FITTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
RASIS. Sele. t your bu.-iness wiih great rare and
avoid bard and andcsirabteilsks ns heretotbre, aud
pleaie be particular not to sire us too much In one
psk or 'ocaiily.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Secy.
DWIGHT D. SMITH. Vice-Pres't.
The above statement will assure the pah on? of the
Com par y and tie public that the SPUING FILD is
STRONG and alive to the situation,
Policies issue 1 on good properly at iair rates.
LORINT THURSTON,
AGENTS,
28 Exclifing-e street.
Portland, Oct 30, 1871. isdiw
Reliable Insurance!
The Old PlioBiiix
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
(CONNKCTICUr,
“Rises trorn the Ashes'* ot the Chicago Fire with ti
clean surplus el over
One Million Dollars,
And is now, as hcretolore, one of the strongest com
pares doing l usiness m Maine.
Cash A*scU Oct. let 91,730,000
Lerieini Ch'citgo about 700 OOO
Capiiul and Surple, l,t'50,000
It will Ibusbeseen that ills old cotupauj affords
as ample security to its Policy holders as a**y other
Company in the country.
Policies ls-ued as heretofore on the most favorable
terms. All 1 s-ses prompt'y adjusted and paid by
If D. LITTLE «t CO., Agents,
Oct 30, 4*a
OFFICES TO EET
EH
J^TsTT ERTA1NM ETVTH
MUSkThaS:
Again 'la-N.glil, Agaia Ta-Nlgfci.
O Eli WUEL MING SUCCESS t
KveryU.ilv munim iU. io the praiM cl the Uniouj
Tablea iix ot Griu
and THE WORLD RENOWNED
BliEI^NANS.
The most amusing, xuoril, largest, and best enter*
tainmenr, portraying the beauties of the
EMERALD ISLE
Ever exhibited iu this country, together with tbu
world-renowned.
Mr. and Mrs. Brennan.
The people’s (arorttes, iu their characteiUtlc Hongs,
Sketches, and Duets, tog-tber with a tall
COMEDY COMPANY,
-A!fD THE
W onder lal Panorama
ot the Emerald Isle, reoei tly imported by Mr. Brett*
PruHouHced bv the press and clergy to bo
lrull*g‘,l ^presentation ot the scenery of
lie-land over before the public.
rand .YlaiiaM W>da..day and Halarday
ifnp s.„ AAeraesas,
ror Schools, when admission will be 10 cts. tor chit*
.Jg®.*®** 'M Cents lor adults.
Ait,, *rt“,Vlon M ct* K'mred Mat. »1 ml..
Ew.nin, Jlorman®. muiDunt i at 2J o'clock.
Lvenliw t*ei orooame comment ea 8.
Doors open at 1 and 7 pm.
l|,,7lltjHD AVIS, Jr., Bu.ii.Mt Afont.
The Sixth and Lan
Lecture of the course, on
ZOOLOGY,
BY
PROF. EDW. 8. MORSE,
BOWBOIX COLLEGE,
Will be given tuAKMYANAVY ONION HALL, 0*
FRIDAY BVENINS, NOV. ID.
SUBJECT: Birds mad Maas Meal*.
Ti kets 50 cents; lor tale at the door. Lecture aI
8 o’clock. uo8td
Third Grand Assembly,
OF THE
WEST END BOAT CLUB
A1 _
FTLTTEISrT HALL,
Friday livening:. Nov, IO,’7l.
TICK E rs, ONE DOLLAR.
Dam i g to commence at 8:15 o'clock.
Music, Chaudlei's Quadrille Baud.
Co.nwittee of Arrangements.
.Tames H. Muhiney, J ha C. Haveitf,
Joho Shannon, William Liberty,
Thomas Ball, John Buru*.
Nov 1-eodl w
Public Asicuibly
The G. W. T. S.,
Will give tl'Clr second Awemblj at
LANCASTER HALL,
Friday Fve’g, November 10,
Under ibe nun jfement ul
ClPT. ED VAlil) HO JO INS.
CEO. 11. KOiTEH, J.T. SEAVKU
Mu*io by Webb’* Full Qaadrille Band
six PIECES
T:ck»'t» admitting Gent and Ladies, 75 cents.
Dancing to cjmiuua.ee at 8 o’clock. i»jv7td
ASSEMBLY.
!«IU. A. B. OKR
would announce lit* first assembly iu connection
wiili his class in Dmciug,
.VIoutlay Eveuiag, Nomiabcr IStk.
at Ills Academy, c >rno» oi Brown and Cougrass sta.
Mil do bv Chandler's B.iu I.
Mi. Gee will commence Ins first school lor Inatruc
i»ni in Diucliig for evening scholars on Wednesday
evening. Nov. 15th, tud roaMuue every Wsdneiday.
t or particulars apply at the llail. novltt
Social Assembly
MR. «T. W. RAYMOND
Will give an ai-semhly iu couuection with his School
AT LANCASTER HALL,
Jlondisy Eveaiai, IKsmubar 13th.
Tickets admit tiu2 G*nt with Lad es* l r tbe course,
$J; Ladies* tickets Geut’s tickets $'J 50. Even
ing tickets 75 CCD’S Iiod) ill
AUCTION SALKS.
T HIS DAY
AT TEN A. JI„
At 18 Exchange street,
I Wr aYibII
One 4-Year Old Colt,
Sound and kind and a very line horse.
P. O. BULKY St CO*, AsttlestsM.
Auction 8ale of the Library
Jbc., of the late John
A. JPoor.
PURSUANT to a licence troaa the Judge of Pro
bute lor Cuiub rland County, I shall tell at pub
lic suction, on the Olh d iy ot November, at 10 a. iu,,
AI the Booms of P. O. Bailey St Co
No. IS Exchange at., the following effects and
chattels, so tar as not sold previously at private sale;
the office furniture, th-i L tw, St it stic.tl. Historical
and Kairoid Library of the deceased. embracing
several hundred volumes, which will be opeu to In
spection ibep'ace of sale daily during business
hours uutil sold.
_ _ _ LAURA E. POOR. Administratrix.
F. O. BA ILKY A CO Auctioneers. no3td
TAYLOR*3 BAZAAR. ESTABLISHED, 1879
BY IIP* It Y TAYLOB Sk O.
CARRIAGE DEPOSITORY A HORSE BAZAAR,
ttr Federul Street.
Horsed, Carriages and Harnesses.
A1TCRDAY, Nov. 11.
Anuuitorot Horses, new and eecoud hand car
riages
Oue ROAN H'llHE, 9 year* old, goo I loadstsr,
and driver. Will work Iu any plac*; mid lor want
oi use
One BAY HORSE, ten years old. weighs 1190;
good worker; warranted 'uud and kind.
One sec aid baud Concord pat’em WaOOS, boot
ed up behind with w *od; m first rate order.
Oue bid'ug WAGON, built iu Baugor, in good
running order.
One Box Pattern do. built in Boston.
One very light trotting W \UON.
Aisn sn-eia; sale new custom made top and open
BUGGIES. Sunshades, Ac.
May be seen as abore.
tSTParties wi>b ug lo contribute lo this sals will
please confer with the Auctioneers at 11 and U Ex
change >t.
TAYLOB At CO Auctioneers.
Nov 9-dtd
STOCK
-IN.
Japan TEA Store,
158 Exchange street,
BY AUCTION,
On Tuesday, Nov 14, at 2 1-2 P 31.
P. O B1ILEY Sc Cm., Auctioneer*.
HAVING determined to change my business to
exclusive tetail Flour Trade, 1 shall close out
uiy entire stock ot Groceries at Auctioi, consi-tlog
oi ches's TV*4, whole Coffee* F o ir, whole and pum
ground Spues, S'a ch, Raisins, Soaps, Syrups, Dried
Apples,Canned Goods lo variety, Crackers. Candies,
Musi aid, Cocoanuts, Fiavon gs, Karine. Cocoa
Shells, Gcleline Herbs,Corn Starch.Tobacco, Cigars,
lm i or ted Castile Soap, Blacking, Sa't, whole ana
split Peas, Beans, Kice Wasu-B ards, idol lie* Pius,
Ac. Store Kurnitnre, S uva, Ice Che r, PUttorm
Sc tie, Coffee Mills, Sp’ce Cans, M»asur«*s, Scoops Ac.
The above goods are tre*l» and tlr.-t class. ao8td
In fin v» D mi
Assignee’s Sale.
WK shall sell at puh.ic auction, at the anatiou
r «oai oi K. o Bailey Co Is Exchange St.
Portland, on Monday, the 13tU day oi November,
at 12 o’clock M
One ap'in Card igc Horses,
One pair i’ght lltruesses,
Oue Woik Horse,
Oue Harness,
One set Double Harnesfra,
O ie Cairyull,
One Baggy wagon
One Sunshade Carriige.
One single digger,
Oue double digger,
Oue d 'lible Sleigh,
One riugle Sleigh,
Two Wolf Kobe?,
One Pui-g.
L >t of oM Iron and Rags,
About. UO barrels old Bottle*,
Twu hundred Beer and Champagne Buttle,
i wo Paper Cu teia.
One large Platform Scale,
Oue Stoic Counter,
Two .hates Portland Manilas Stotmboat Cu.,
1 wo hundred shires Mayfield Slate Co.,
Four sbare-t Maine State Boiler Co.,
One Watch and Chun.
GE'JR'IE F. E.WKKY,
CHAKLK-; P. M A f 1VJCK9,
Asdgiu-cs in Biukruptcy oi WoOtJmau A Littlejohn
aud Nathan M. Wool man.
V. ISAIIiEV As CO, Aacllaaurs.
Nov 7-dfd
K. 1C. HUNT,
Commission Merchant, and Auctioneer
NO. 316 Congress ,t.. will well ever, waning
large assortment ul Staple mid Pauuy Uoo.li
foods will be sold dttriug the day in lots to «al
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash" ad van ceil on a>
descriptloas ol good.. Consigimeuts not limiu.1
Koltruary It, 1S68. dtl <*a*
SEED, SEED!
2000 ?PSHK1S New T'moibv Seed; abo
UUVJ Clover and R< d Top lor sale by
KENDALL A WHITNEY.
Portland, Sept t, 187!. repJdtl b
TO WsET
Store No 142 144 Commercial at.
pORNKIt o. Wlilg.ryJ.
V adapted to *‘V“' |*ui, and depth 13
S’,1C,«’e..?o’l”‘y water or
mad’ern coosenieucc. N< JoiE ,M Eut, i(<
Apply to
yiov 11. tt