have M *raM Dot Out M la earnestly endeavoring
lo deal fairly between 'PVf^fnw^ i l"
prisoners to the extent of hte ability. I make a
QuaufloaUou because from a correspondence which
has Dalwed between as tt Iooks very much as if be
were action under instruction*. Be may deny that
he la. and I may bo wrong In my impression, but
the reaaer can judge for himself Dy means of i lie
correspondence wnich It incorporated wlili this
letter.
VISIT TO TOT Jilt.
This evening 1 vlsltea tin; prisoners confined la
IK t*ii nere? a neat looking structure, Kept scru
pulously neat and cleau, and altogether rehecttug
credit upon ttto .sheriif of the couny. Among the
men conilaed within its wails Is ?HJeneral" Hates,
recently a prominent rod. cat and an ludelaiigaole
hauler up of democratic Ku Ktnx, until It
was snadeniy discovered that he was one or the
worst Ku Klux in ihe county. He was arrested,
oharged with murder and the radical Jury failed to
agree tt his trial, lie is now in uie hands of the
United States authorities. With this gentleman I
was not permitted to hold any conversation what
ever? probably ut Ms o.vn request, ihe other pri
soners, some twenty la number, belonged for ihe
most part to the lowest classes of society. Two
voung men told me that they were compelled
to join tbe Ku Klux, under a threat of
receiving 100 lashes. They were democrats,
and they were told tbat tbe organization waa
formed lor tbe purpose ol driving tue radicals out
of the county and putting tue negroes down,
Another young man, wbo declared thai be bad been
republican ever since tbe war wided, told me that
be ?lso bad been lorcud into the organization, but
that afterwards he leu tue deinocratio "den" and
voluntarily Joined a radical Ku Klux "den." lhese
three men were tue ouly ones whosaid that tlie-objcct
of the society was political. Of the remaining
?eventeeu, about one half coofea.se d that they nad
been members and had been on raids, but they in
sisted that their object was to punish enme and
WTongdolng. The others asserted their innocence
or any personal Knowledge or tue Ku Klux. These
were evidetniy or the bettor class, though not
of the highest. Tuey si.oke intelllgeutiy and
Mlf-reliantir, and were confident tuat nothing
oould be proven against him. One of them was a
tall old man, witb gray oeard and a most, diguliled
aspect. Hm qulot though itrui declaration oi inno
cence touche i me as deeply as did his presence in
the jail a prisoner. 1 have given you this account
of my visit without commenting on the statement*
of the accused men. It is to bo regretted that I was
not permuted to sneak with the prisoners aboro,
for while it may not bo ilia* the presence of a
deputy marshal prevented ilie meu sweating can.
dldiy to me; the fact that 1 could not see them ex
oept in bis presence struck me as singular. Never*
tneiess it is but ju?t to say that my request to soa
them was promptly accedca to by Marshal Johnson.
A UK .UlioT KOK INF 1UMATI0N.
1 come now to a subject of much importance. In
my last letter l stated that I nad seen one of the
confessions, and a orlof n sum4ot what it contained
was given. The penitent is a man named Ej wards,
who confessed nun sell the "chief" of the "llorse
Creek Den" (l think that is me title.) This man is
evidently wholly uneducated, as "his X miyk" ap
pears at the bottom <>i his deposition, indicating bis
fanorance of the art or writing, i he character of
his conlesaion struck me as singular, and 1 requested
Commissioner Wilkes to allow me to examine all tlio
confessions in his possession, lie replied that ho
would show mo "a few" oi them, wnlcn he thoug'et
would convince me that the onject of the Ku Klux
organization was political. Tills was oa Saturday
evening list, conning the matter over in my mind
on Sunday I concluded that the oulv fair way would
be to accede to my original request mid permit an
examination of an the confessions. On this (Mon
fay) morning, ineretore, your commissioner ad
dressed Mr. Wilkes the following letter:?
SPARTAN II ua: I, 8. O.,
Mompay Mousing, Nov. 6, 1 -71.
XT DHAB Snt Reflecting upoa your oiler to let me ice
few of the confessions of iLe ku Klui irisoners, I bavo ar
rived at the cono.miun turn It will scarcely be filr to tbe peo
ple of this pait of tbe State to plclt out a few eases. Com
nlstloned by Mr. lenuelt, of the t<KW Yobk Hi .iat.d, to
make a full and impartial Investigation into tbe trouble* la
thess counties, I am desirous of ootaluing all possible facta
which may enab.e me to arrive at a jiut appreciation oi the
situation. lllsoharged that ibu Ku Klux organization wai
Itrlctly political, and that It resisted the enforcement of the
laws. My uuty Is to ascertain If such charges are warranted
by the statement* and papers placed before me lor oonslder
atlon. Now, suppose that >ou alio w me r.vu confessions of
srimesby the Ku Klux upon individuals whose only oti'enoe
wae that they were politically obnoxious to uheir persecu
tors. and auppoae that you have one hundred other ooul'ev
pons In which tbe reaaona assigned for the raids are that the
victims ba I oommittcd criro.a, auch as robberies, Ac., wotud
k be just to take the hve aa evidence of the political sharao
ier oi the organization and ignore tne one hundred f On
Saturday evening last you atiowed to me the confession of a
sun which yives the following reaaona for outrages perpe
trated by hla "den":?
Fir-i -A negro wnipped bad beaten bis former master
to Uttuttt."
.s- und? Another negro whipped had "shoved aside" a
white man at the election and bad given information to a
??venue olllcer. I
r/n d?l ao men whipped were charged with stealing
I ait, W? One negro whlppea had boasted that when "the
Yankees" came he would go to "qulltinja," ait beside while
gtris and have a wbiie wife.
F( .A? On'.' mm, whose arrest was -ordered, ha', who the
Ku Klux old not ec, whs churred wlih having slabbed a man
wbo had a Slate war' nut tor bla arrest.
Observe. my il?-ar ?lr, that of these five eases there Is but
me in wblcb the reason asatgned la ooititc.il. Of the others
one is lesentuieni of a declaration ot a iclal equality by a
negro, wliiie all the others are directed against real or alleged
crtmina s. Upon t ils contessioa men Irtvc been arretted,
and while, tl may be, that they merit punwliincnl, 1 canuot
RrceKe wherein, except In the one eve. their olTenccs arose
>m political Intolerance. 'J his confeii-ion has made so deep
an iniprosrun on my mind that I have determined t sul>mlt
the fo.lowlns rosiest:? Will you permit me to examine all
the confessions in your possession and extract tUerefrum the
reasons assigned tor the several raids confessed 1 I p edge
you my honor, as a gentleman and a journalist, neither to
publish nor to dlvu'ire the name of auv inuiviuual implicated
In any confession, but to coiiT.no ny self strictly to the tact ot
the outrages, biucw my arrival her* 1 have been favorably
mpretsed *.tb your apparent desire to act fairly and Impar
tially in the Investigation* now pending. a id I liust that you
?nil fully cunbrm mis Impression by acceding to a requeat
hlch in no way .lefeata or even retards justice.
rce'y Inform you that my object In writing this,
I need scarce!. _ _
Ins load ot communicating with you veroally. la to publiah
Uils loiter in the H p.kai.k, should you d> em it proper to de
stine afford ng me lh* information X require. I am, mv dear
Sir, vary truly, yours,
NhW YORK HERALD COMMISSIONER.
COMMISSIONER WILKES IJBPI.INBS.
To this perfectly fair and proper request Ur.
WUKca ibis afternoon scat tue following reply:?
RPARTAHnOBO, 8. C? Nov. 6, 1971.
DBAB Sir? In reply to your letter of this date, requesting
leave to examine the confessions of Ku Klux, 1 have to say
lh?i 1 consider n> itlier public nor private Inlereila would bo
(unserved by It. and hence I decline to accede to your re
quest. The alliu.ivil or cotiiesaion you refer to was the brut
?ne made cefore tne, and was the entering wedge into tbe
Ku Kiux or^aiiizatiou bens. Since tuen oilier and far mors
?utra^eoui acis have come to light, wli'ch I think ought
more properly be placed before l ie country through the
medium oi a public trial than tiirough the press.
f,et mo call yonr attention to that portion of yonr letter
giving an enumeration of diO'erent "reasons" for ou'ruRea
son'mille l. lhe>e "reasons" were alleged as '-causes" for
tne outrages and you accept thein as true; tbe deponent him
self docs not no ao ar, oy any meaus. So Ibo inference sug
gested that only twenty per cent of the outrages are on
?ocouot of p<illttcs is not supported by tbe nllidavit. The
distinction you draw between "political" and other offences
is Ingenious. certainly, but Is not warranted by a proper con
struction of Iho lawa denouncing penalties for lonauiracles
sgaiusi the rights secured by the constitution and laws of
the United Staies. I iliinK you fail to apprehend tbe full
Intent and purpose of ton at uutes relative to lie suppression
of Ku Klux outrages. Th'-se laws propose ths punishment
?f all oDeuderm commuting illegal acts in disguise and
?onspiraoa'S against tiie rights, urlvilegea au 1 Immunr.les
wblcb have been ascured to citizens by tbe United States,
?omureheoding the rights of Uie, liberty and property, ns well
M of auflra 'e. See tne tourieeuih ameudment. A careful
axaminatiink of tne Kufnrccment act of Mar 31, 1870 (see. 6),
aa well as of the Ku Klux act of April 20, IttVl (aeo. i), will,
1 think, convince you of this.
i'lease do me the justice to publish this letter, In connection
with your own, It you adhert to the resolution expressed in
ths latter. Kcspecl! ully youis,
THOMAS M. WlLKKd, United States Commissioner.
TRB <iC?.8TlON AT 1S9UB.
Sat little need do tuna to show now amenable la
the position taken bj Mr. Wilkes In tills matter. It
must strike every reader that n great deal depends
apon tlie reasons wUicn lmpeliea the Ku Klux to
commit outrages, and that public interests will be
subserved by tbe publication of such reason*. Tiio
citizens oi this county asset t that the Ku Klux or
ganization was formed lor the purpose of punlslilug
onendeiM auulnsl law and morals whom tue suuo
authorities woul l not punish. The federal govern*
meat denies this, and asserts that the object of the
Tit^ani/aMou vtu.i political; that It outraged the ne
cro voters of the republican party solely because
they were republicans, to iutnxudate and cttnor keep
them from the polls or compel them to voto the
democratic ticket. Now, is tncre not a direct issue
between the white citizens and the Tcderol govern
ment? if a lart;e majority ol the outrages were per
petrated upon crlminulrf whom the Btate government
protected in their evli-doimr by mcaui of packed
lanes ami pardons, will it not be considered
by the native peopio of the country somewhat hard
tor tue federal aut horities to send mea to tho peni
JtSU*K t?r PUULJim^ V.rlfujnalsf l am fully aware
that ihC Sets oTCoutfionS do tiot refer to political
offences alone, but to;iil odenccs against Hie, limb
or property; still that is (luestiouab.e justice which
fanlsues a man for protecting iiis own property.
s regards tue conicsslou of tue man LtlwarJs. I
have only to say this, I do not know how far he
Wfcut. but I do Know mat he went no fartb> r than
tO give the reasons which 1 have quoted, precisely
as ne gives them. II he meant anything else J can
not Hud any additional meaning In his confession.
rUMSHINli MKN FOK rUNlSlllNO CRIMINALS.
As regards placing the Tacts before the country
"through the medium Of a public trial" 1 will say
this, urobtibiv not more than one-sixth of all the
prisoners will have a "public trial." Five-sixths of
them have come-sod or probably will couiess to hav
ing joined the Ku Kiux lor the purpose of self-ptotec
non against criminals, and these state that tho per
sons punished haJ committed serious ouences. Tueso
men will simply be brought belore the court to re
ceive seitituce. The lemalning sixth, who deny
their guilt, will be convicted, tl at all, mainly upou
the evidence ol men who participated in their
crimes, supposing ihey are guilty, and who, for
tho sake ol a pardon or in the hope of
neaping punishment themselves, have agreed to
become Uuited states witnesses. It is already re?
ported thai these men are being manipulated by the
authorities and tnut they an; being educated up to
the testimony needed. If this report be iiilse would
it not be best to produce their confessions already
made and give them to the public i The tacts of the
outrage- are notorious; why conceal from the world
the reasons assigned lor their commission
oirraAOMs classiubo.
Luckily I was, in a measure, independent of the
confessions In Mr. Wilkes' possession. Since my
?nival here 1 have devoted almost my entire time
to Collecting tacts concerning the.va outrages, i'art of
ny iniortuatioii wae received lrom lederal ofllclals.
port nom citizens, a care'ul consideration of all
lie outrages which havo been brougnt to my notice
lodaoea me to place them under three olstinot heads,
one is political lutolerauce; t no second is oneuces
?gainst law aod morals and social prejudices, and
toe turd is >vontou brmaility. Before euteritu Into
details 1 would aay that in my investigations l did
not seek oat any tiarticular class of outrages. If
?Mntion was maoe ol o case of wbippingi would
tn mediately luoulrs into tho P0rUcuiail ?4d (Us
I eover the alle*ed reaaoa-wbich mMM taw own
poiltioai or aot, And 1 will tanner *tate that the
I outrages reported In the following do not embrace
I all tu.u have been committed? not even a respect
able minority?but I mink that they show tbe pro
portion web class or oa; rages bear* to tbe otber.
POL.TIOAL INTOLERANCE.
1. A white man whipped for serving as a constable
wider a negro magistrate.
2. A negro magistrate shot by men not disguised
forllntnga white girl who had bad some trouble
with a neitro woman.
A negro whipped for shoving a whlto man at
the election.
4. a negro whipped for persuading another negro
not to vote the democratic ticket.
A man (color not ascertained) whipped becanso
he bragged that the radical* had the upper hand in
bourn Carolina ana would make the whiter behave
themselves.
6. A negro whipped for voting the radical ticket
alter promising to vote the democratic ticket.
7. A negro whipped "because he was a radical, I
have neard."
FEK30NS PUNISHED FOB OFFENCES AGAINST LAW
AND MOUALa AMD ON ACCOUNT 0 SOCIAL l'BKJ W
DICK.
1. A negro killed for cohabltiag with a white
woman and destroying the infanta born of such co
habitation.
2. A white man whipped for abandoning his white
wife and taking a negro mistress.
8. A negro whipped lor threatening to horn the
barn of hia employer.
4. a neiro w nipped for inciting another negro to
burn a barn.
5. A negro whipped for beating a white man (hie
former master) "almost to death."
a. Two whl.e women w nipped lor cohabiting with
negroes.
7. A negro whipped for stealing a mole.
8. A negro whipped for attempting to fire a house.
9. Two uegroes wliippod tor Htealing meat.
10. A negro whipped ioretealiog corn.
11. A man (color not stated) whipped for boasting
that when me Yankees came lie would ito to "quilt
ing*." Bit beside white girl* aud have a white
wire.
li A white man whipped for receiving stolen
property.
13. A negro whipped ror stealing a hog.
14. A negro whipped lor threatening to kill a
white woman.
16. A white man (a democrat) whipped for steal
Ing. (Did not state what he had stolen.
16. Three negroej whipped for attempting to rob
a barn.
17. A negro whmpod for an attempted burglary.
IB. Two negroes whipped for proposing house
breaking to other negroes.
I*. A negro whipped for making Improper re
marks to a white gin.
20. A neitro whipped for abasing and threatening
a white woman.
21. A whne mm whipped for deserting bis wife,
and compelled to return to her. ue had treated
her very cruelly.
?u. A nezro whipped for stealing a shot gun.
2 i. A negro whipped for stealing provisions.
24. A negro whipped for stealing corn.
26, 20, 27, 28, -i), ao, 31, 32 and .a. Nine negroes
whipped at different periods for stealing corn.
34, 35, 6, 37, 38, aa and 40. Seven negroes whipped
at alOereut periods for stealing meat.
41. A negro whipped for stealing a cow.
It is proper to state here mat I have grotiDed
together the nine ca>cs of whipolnas lor ateauug
corn and the seven cases for stealing meat simply
because the otlencea being the same it was unne
cessary to cousuino space wnn repetitions of the
same thing. The aueged criminals lived in
different purls of the county aud not in any one
locality.
WANTON BRUTALITV.
1. A white man whipped ami outraged.
2. A negro forced to gratify Ills passions upon the
person of his own wile lu the presence ol liia per
secutors.
3. A negro woman shamefully Ill-treated.
4. A negro girl abused.
6. A negro girl abused.
I railed to learn what reason Is assigned for the
commission oi the tumble barbarities mentioned
above. 1 am per>ectiy satisfied mat, while personal
enmity miyriit nave beon tne cause, tuat the perpe
trators were and are a gaug of brutal deserving of
the gallows.
SUMMARY.
Men outraged for their politics 7
Persons "outraged" for crime.... 40
Persona wantonly outraged.
Total 68
DO TOO BBLtEVU IT?
Ton will perceive that the number of persons out
raged because of their politics bears the
proportion or one to a little less than
seven of thoso whipped because of crimo
and social piejudlces. It you add the five
wantonly outraged to the seven the proportion is
one io lour. I shall not, however, make any such
addition. The lederal olllcials here theuiscne*
admit that there was nothing political in the beastly
outrages I have reported. Von may now judge
from the table 1 havo given to what extent the K.u
Klux organization was political. Every case I
ha e pur. down as it was given to me. Th; first oue
m tbo list ol "wanton brutalities" you may add io
tne political list u you piea.se, hccause the white
man a most vi.lauous looking l el low, :<y tne wav
was a manauer of election. Taat the men and wo
men whipped were whipped is unquestionably
true. Do j o.i b?llovo the reasons assigned to bo the
true ones? I express no opinion, out closo this re
port without comment.
TDK ROSTER MYSTERY.
A Singular AH'nlr? Coron-r Youni'j. Invest!
(ration? An Open Verdict.
Coroner Young yesterday afternoon commcnoed
an investigation Into tbo circumstances attending
the death of Mr. Gustav Kuster, a boot and shoe
dculer of Yonkers, who was found lying on the
track of the Hudson River Railroad, near Klverdale
Station, early on the morning or tbo 1st Inst., fatally
Injured, oue of his arms having been crushed by a
passing train, besides which honad two pistol shots
(not necessarily fatal) In the bead, l ho conductor
ol the train which passed over deceased testified
that after tho accident he stopped the cars, took
him aboard and brought him to tlie city, when ho
was conveyed to Bellevue Hospital. Several wit- 1
nes.es who roiiowed the conductor seemed to know I
little or khoth.ng concerning Mr. Kusier's death.
Mr. Charles L. Anderson, ot Yonkern, saw Mr.
Kuster get on the cars at Mannattanvllle; saw nun
at Kiveraale station, and saw him on the train when
It reached Youkers, at ilnrcn minutes past ono
o'clock in the morning; how ai.d In what manner
deceased returned two allies down the track, where
he was found at four o'clock A. M., did not appear,
and probably caunot be shown. None or the family
ol deceased appeared at the investigation, although
they were informed that lLo inquest, was to nc held.
Probably, however, they possessed no valuable in
formation to Impart to tho Coroner or the jury.
The testimony did not In the least lend to clear up
the mystery, and nothing whatever was adduced to
establish cither tho theory of suicide or that or shoot
ing wilU intent to rob? both ot which had been
advanced soon after the occurrence. It appeared
thai deceased was doing a One business In the boot
and shoe trade, and tnat his pecuniary circum
stances were good, and, as far as known, Mr. Kuster
haa no domestic trouole whatever, thus the mat
ter stands, and it remains for further developments
to soive the mystery.
Coroner Young, with a few appropriate remark*,
submitted the case to tho jury, who rendered tne
loiiowint! verdict:- "That Gusiav Kuster, tne de
ceased, came to nis death irotn shock to tne system,
caused by having first beou twice shot through tho
head anu then run over by a train of cars belonging
to the Hadsou River ltailroad company, near
Rlversdale station, on the morning or the 1st or
November, 1871, but how the pis:ol shots were re
ceived, from the testimony they are unablo to de
termine."
FOREST FIRE FUND.
Mr. A. A. Low, treasurer of tho committee ap.
pointed by the Chamber of Commerce to obtain re
lief for the sufferers by the fires at Chicago and the
Northwest, reports the following additional sub
scriptions received since the ota Instant, up to and
inclusive of the 14th instant:?
W l. *30 oo
Coab tor the Northwest..., Km 00
Usury Chauncey, for Wiaconaln, Ac 100 00
O. Bull, listen, Prussia, through Herman lioker
k Co., for Chicago 1*2 29
Henry Chauncey, for Chicago.. SftJ 00
David Storer .t Sons, London, Liverpool and (llaa
fow, through Francis frpfea A Co., for Chicago. 170 56
Louis Da Coupet, Lausanne, Switzerland, through
Jacmiehn A Da Coppet, for Chicago MOO
Wm. Rlcbardaon, lor Chicago, #60; for Michigan
and ft luconaln, #60: through Char lea L. Tiffany. 100 00
O. fuller k Sohn, Chemlnty, Germany, through
Frederick Victor k Acheils 40 00
C., through Tribune Association, for Wiaconaln
aud Michigan 10 00
J. E. Tooaer W 00
Klerenth Ward Rellal Co umlttee. lor Wlacocsln.. N 00
Chicago Relief Committee of Hamburg, through
Kunhardl A Co 6,W8 41
Eighth Company, Beventh regiment, by J. R. A a
Jfrwa, Jr 182 00
Adama Sackeit, for the Weat 1W) 00
J. U. Tltua 100 00
Toul ff7,?ls? ?5
Previously reported f81,!'8S) 65
Grand total by tba Chamber of Commerce Com
mittee .*<W?,6OT 90
BT. NICHOLAS 800IETY.
The annual meeting for the election of officers
was held at Delmonico'a, on Fourteenth street, on
Monday evening, the 18th instant, when the follow*
ing gentlemen were elected to hold office for the
ensuing vear:?
l'realdent? Richard E. Monnt, Jr. Ylee Preetdenta? Ptrat,
Jamea M. McLean; Second, John T. llotrman: Third,
Auguatua R. Macdonengh; Fourth, William M. Vermllye.
Trees-iier? Kdward So hall. Secretary? Smith K. Lane, as*
?tatant Secretary? John C. Mills. Cbaplaine? Re?. Thomas
E. Vermllye, D. D. Her. Noah Hunt Sohtnck, D. D.
Phyalciana? Abram Pnboia, X. IK William b. Vermllye,
M. D. Consulting Phyalciana? Jamea Anderson, M. D.
Jamea It. Wood, M. D. Manager a? William H, Johnson,
Charles it. Swordt, D. Henry llalsht, Auguatua Bchell, Wen
jamm H. field, James W. fleekmao, Charlae Roome,
Aaron H. Hayea. Frederick De Veyater, Jamea 1, Roosevelt,
Hamilton Ftah, William Uemaen. Biewarda? Carl tale Hor
wood Smith OlW, George W. McLean, Jamee Hreath, Ben
jamin L. Swan, Jr. Jokn IT eat lrrmg. Samuel Joaes.
Tho society will celebrate Its anniversary by a din
ner at Deimonlco's. oo Fourteenth street, on
Wednesday, tne eth day of December next, when
the oincers will be only Installed. Messrs. Mannsell
B. Field and Jamea W. Beeanuut were appelated
me commute? ol uutaijMafc
BROOKLYN'S BURDENS.
What They ire Doing About It
Over the River.
Police Peculiarities To Be In
vestigated.
"What Are the Wild Waves Saying"
Amid the Sea of Trouble
D? WITT'S DENUNCIATION
Warning to the Ccmmittre of Forty? Will
They Be Hoodwinked by Politicians.
IS IT A DISGRACE TO HOLD OFFICE?
Cariosities of the Canvass Re
viewed by Local Boards.
THE MAYOR ELECT ON FRAUDS.
Abo uC the city Hall and County Court
House.
Thero was considerable excitement? but it waa of
a quiet, though none the leas earnest order? about
tne great political centres or Brooklyn yesterday.
A damp, musty odor permeated the atmosphere or
the halls, nooks and crannies about the marble pilea
named, and men conversed In groups and gesticu
lated with pantomimic effect with an air of mystery
and consciousness of the lact that there was
"thunder all round the sky," and it was well to be
In under tbe shelter of having done that
which was right. The prominent officials
did not have much time to indulge in general dis
cussion with any one, and so kept on tho "even
tenor or their way" amonsr their records, which are
shortly to be scanned by expert and curious com*
mllteemen rwm the "seventy-flve Solons." it was
facetiously remarked that Brooklyn bad done better
In her reform row than the village of Gotham; that
she boasted a larger committee; "she had seen New
York and gone live better." The Aldermanlc Com
mittee on Election Returns were at their post of
duty, and anxious candidates "hung around"
to hear what they had to Bay about the
figures. Those who were reported beaten in tho
first count now have their fondest hopes aroused
that It may just prove possible for them to "(ret in,"
alter aU, under a protest against the "stuffing'' and
other Innocent little processes to which so many
bad recourse. This class of visitors waa large and
ea^er In quest of information. It was not that they
cared lor tne office, its honors, pay or influence.
Oh, no; lar ironi it. But what they did want was
an open and a lair canvass? even ir they iheic selves 1
were to >>e compelled to servo tiie public in theo ce
under dispuic. Tne .supervisors composing the Board
or County canvassers commcnced their labors in ex
celeut spirits ami with tolerably fair cigars about
noon, having 1 reviousiy retrained tne inner mau.
Tuey weni to wor<c with macn apparent gusto and
m presence ot a lair sl?.ed audience of spectators, i
flow tiiese canvassing boards progressed will oe j
found elow. lucre was nothing talked ot upon
any side out the election fraud* and tne possible re- 1
suit ot the overhauling 01 the alleged "mixed muni- I
cipal manors and things lu general, lusuene-
raily conceded upon all bines tli u the places that
now know very many political protean
will, "ere the s; ring time comes," "know
them no more torever." The republic jus, it
has been s.t d, ore very hungry lor municipal
"pap, from which they have been debarred lor two
yeaisin Kln^s county. Their prospects of enjoy-
ing the long-coveted ica-t a.e certainly uni.t 1 it. I
i Tho republicans c.atui that 1 hey win eife;t wnulo
Boine legislation at Albany mis winter; tUat tuey
will tako cliarire 01 the <*atcr L) p lrtdieui, tue
Ural tn uureau, pol.ce macniuery, Excise o.nco und
whatever else is worth looking alter and li?coiy to
yicid prout and patroniit). lney will no longer
suoinit to standing uassivoiy by whl.o ilie pcop.e
are being de raudod of their just mid legal runt-,
i They uave. tuey say. a gloriously veto overrld
inc maturity and "the ouutry la sate." The
inspf clots and c .nvassers 01 election wno aro
charged with perpetrating the frauds ou tne ballot
arc in a leannf rtato of mental anxiety as to what
will oecomo of tficiu. It was reported yesterday
i that warrants had boeu issued for eight- 01 tnese
gentlemen, um nothing could be learned upon ap
plicatiou at legal 'Headquarters to verify tins asser
tion. 'Ihe Comuiii lee of Seventy-live were "swing
ing round the circle" m odds and ends In quest
ot information, it is lair 10 {.resume, or
at least laving tbe pipes for luture ope
rations, but tuey were "dumb as -oysters"
wueu Interrogated by members of the press
All tuey could say was UM t iey were on tne aicrt,
bad appointed sub-commit tees upon the soverat do
partments. and laid out Hie work lor their lellow
member-tin good shape, and th&t "by their liuus
the public should know tuetii." 1 hey will meet in
Iho directors' room of the Academy or Music tats
evening. Wimt action will no taken by the com
mittee of U10 Academy lo edect an amalgamation
with the Kink Ke.'orin organization is not definitely
settled, it Is probable, however, tnat au amicable
uuderstandlug will bo had between ihcni, such as
Will best c inscrve the mutual Interests of Uio citi
zens, irrespective of party.
Tli* Mayor Elect on the Franks.
The Mayor elect, Mr. Samuel Powell, the regular
democratic or Ring nominee, was waited upon yes
terday by a Herald reporter, who inquired as to
his view ou the election. Mr. Powell said tnat be
bad not seen the return* of the canvassers as
yet in their entirety, and coulu not, therefore, form
a decided opinion upon the subject. When asked
what ho tliouglit of the alleged ballot box stuniug
and other iruuds said to have ueeu commuted, lie re
plied that tuey should be condemned, and that
every man wuo committed sucn a crime should
no an occupant ol the tiiate Prison. It w to bo
deprecated. The men should lie punished wunout
rcgar-i to person. He believed that the indignation
meeting at tue Academy of Music on i-'nduy evculng
was very ucccssary, nud he was in beany sympathy
and accord With the purpose lor which it was held.
'Iho persons who perpetrated these wrongs should
and must be punished, in answer to the uuery,
"When will you assume charge of your oillcc?" lie
replied, "On the 1st of January 1 shall be lu charge
of the 00100." And tula was au he said.
The Police find the Fraud*.
A representative of the Herald in the pursuit of
Information concerning the charges of fraud made
against tho police visited the Police Headquarters
yesterday and had a conversation with Mr. Midgiey,
the obliging clerk of tho Board. Tbe following la
the information gleaned:?
Rkportkh? I understand that eharges have been
preferred agarnat a number of members of the de
partment.
Clerk? Yes, sir; there have been several charges
made against the police.
Rki-ortbr? And among the number are, as I am
Informed, two of the captains of the forco.
Clhuk? Well, there aro direct charges against
one, but In tbe cuso of the other tnere has been no
complaint made.
Rbi'ortbk? The captains are
Clbrk? Captain McConnell, of the Second pre*
clnct, and Captain MvLaughlin, of the Tenth. A
citizen charges Captain McConnoil with refusing to
arrest a repeater ?tone of the districts near tho
station house, but it really don't amount to any
thing. This man, who was charged with being a re
pealer, was a poor fedow who through prcsisicnt
drinking had reached, as we might say, the lowest
siep of the ladder, and has had no local
natdtatlon for some timo past. He was a well
known lodger at the station house, and the cap
tain, inspector and all about tho polls knew him. In
a half drunken stale ho came up to iho polls with
some tickets in his hand and said he was going to
vote. Of course his vote was refused, and tins com
plainant then called upon the captain to arrest linn.
The captam refused, and hence tne charge.
hEi'oitiEK? At the citizens' indignation meeting
serious charges were made against captain
McLaughl.n.
o.KHK? Yes, and the captain la now making
every.effort to have tue matter thoroughly invesif
Raled belore the Police Commissioners. He wanta
iose who made the charges to Drove them If they
can. He was much surprised to find that be had
been accused of violating any rules of tho depart
ment. aud a Bsc r is that he took no part whatever in
Uie election.
rriobtkr? Well, how about tbe charges against
tho patrolmen
CLfc.m? ibere are peveral charges as I said be
fore, against the patrolmen, but 1 canuot tell What
titer are at present. bou?e are accused wltn inter
Itngs with T??eia ?t the pons, others with taviuji
?ci ed u ticket p*<ucr* and aome with refusing to
?mat rcpeatcm.
Ttae partita will be op for trial to-day.
Whm They B?y at ike Water Baarf.
One of tbe representatives of the Herald vlMted
the office of the Brooklyn Water Commissioners
again yesterday, in order to ascertain If anything
new had transpired mace hi* recent visit. Commis
sioners Fowler and Lowber were both bualiy engaged
In mattere concerning tbe department and in reply
inn to tbe numerous interrogations made by partiea
concerning tbe rnmorcd resignation of Mr. Archi
bald Bliss. Mr. Fowler received all hta vialtora in
hla usual affable manner.
In reply to an inquiry in regard to the resigna
tion of Mr. Blltfs from the Water Board, Mr. Fowler
said he was not aware or the (act until late on Mon
day afternoon, in fact, said be, Mr. Blias haa
not yet resigned, fie la as much a mem
ber of tho Board now aa he ever was,
though i told him that lie could act at his own
pleasure In tbe matter. If he thought it advisable
for him to resign he could do ao; but we have not
received his resignation. He told me the matter
was in tho hands of his friends, though he did not
wlah to leave the ship untU there bad been a thor
ough investigation into the affaira of the
Board and the pnblio were aailstted that our
amounts were correct. Alter these remarks Mr.
Fowler was called to attend to some duties con
nected with the department, aud our representative
turned 10 Mr. Lowber.
KtPOKTEii? These appear to be exciting times,
Mr. Lowber.
Mr. Lowber? Yes, though, not being a politician,
1 am not so much interested In 1L Mr. Fowler
being a politician, and I being a member of the
Board, am sometimes dragged la. 1 shall not
hear the Hoard as -ailed without defending it.
1 wish to call your attention to tbe lollowlng section
in the law relating to the Water Board, so much
having oeen sain auoat our reckless expenditure,
and tue Mayor having made an aaaertlou which he
knew was unttue:?
Rtoriox 12.? All water rate* and water rent* shall be paid
to an<l collected t>y the laid Hoard. AU money! rec.'tvel toy
the said board >ba!l be paid weekly to the Treaaurer of tba
oily o( Brooklyn, wbo aboil keep a separate account of an
moneys received from an I paid on account of the
Water Works, and shall pay tba n aa provided by
tbta act, and not otherwise. The (aid lionrd (had draw tbelr
drafts upon the Comptroller or the laid city, signed by tbelr
presldeut and secretary, for all salaries and ail diaries, 11a
bllHics an. I expect ;s Incurred In llio performance oi their
duties under this act, specifying in such crafts the purpose for
I wblcb the same are drawn, '1 be said Treaaurer inall pay the
tame out of tbe said water moneys on tbe drait of the Comp
troller, couulertljiied by tbe Mayor and City Clerk.
Reporter? That i ertalniy appears very explicit.
Mr. LowiiKR? Yes, sir; that Is the law under wliien
we worK, and it cannot well be mistaken.
Corporation Counsel lie Witt ftpenks.
As Corporation Counsel William C. De Witt occu
pies a prominent poslilon la tne politic al affairs or
Kings countv and of tbe state aiso, a reporter of
the ilciuLD yesterday called upon him tor tbe pur
pose of obtaining bis news on tne situation. Mr.
Da Witt was fouad in bis omce in tbe City Hall, hard
at work, as usnal. The oitlce Is boautifuiiy
aocoratca and tne most elegantly furnished
In tbe iialL. Tbe walls are artistically frescoed and
adorned by numerous engravings, among wluoh is a
large engraving of Daniel Webster addressing tbe
J United States Senate. A portrait of tbe late James
T, Brady, a particular friend of tbe Corporation
I Counsel, also has a very prominent place. Ur,
Thomas T. Do Witt, chler cleric of the l olice Depart
men t, a brother of the Corporation Counsel, was sit
ting in the ooice engaged in a discussion with a
democratic official.
I The ukhald reporter was courteously received by
I tbe Corporation counsel and Maid that ho bad called
to ascertain his views on the election frauds and
other local affairs. Mr. De Witt was willing to talk
I freely, and tbe following conversation tben en
sued:?
j Reported? Mr. De Witt, will you please give me
i your views at larger
Mr. De Witt (settling himself in bis chair)? I am
a violent antagonist of all election frauds, lrom
whatever quarter they originate. I do not
wish to theorize, but I am satisCod that
unless free and honest expression at the polls ib
given to the sovereign will of tne people, not only
in our srreat cities but throughout tbe downtrodden
South, the end of our republic Is nigh, and an im
perialism, In the nature or a monarchy or kingdom,
will be nailed by our people as a relief ana an Im
provement. rue best or govern inenis is a govern
ment 01 the people, but a govern meut ol cabals and
I clients is thu meanest unit tne worst.
ke oktbk? Uut 1 wl*u to talk wltb you ino*o
i especiali, as to uruokivn.
kir. uk W .it? Weil, sir, there was avast Increase
til the vote of Kith city Hit.1) lull? au iucrea.se, l be*
lieve, 01 about t welve thousand over the vote ol last
year. If anybody is willing to attribute this in
crease to tne treat excitement wuicli undoubtedly
prevailed, that u the end of it. Hut ti ll lias
arisen lrom fraud tlien everybody trill
see tlie fraud lias been promiscuous and by both
parties. It is truo th&t tho increase of votes In iho
three democratic wards? tne becond, Filth and
Twelfth? iias been suspicious and a.'aruiinir, but the
increase in tne republican vote iu other wurds is
equally f>o. Lot me illustrate irom a pa-er
on in? desk. In tiie ti venteenth w.lrd
Hoffman last year polled I,:>20 and Wood
ford 817. This year W!Uers polls 1,.'wj? showiuyr
1 that the democrats held their own, while iscribncr
gets l,7W. Here is a republican addition to its own
gubernatorial vote or uo>, without any apparent
conversion from tne democracy. Where aid tuc.se
votes come from? Tne ward ha* not grown in that
ratio in one year. Take the Twenty-first ward,
llomnan got 1,732, Woodiord i,6jj. Wiilera
gets 2,001, sicrlbuer 2.303. Here tlia democrats
Improved on last year, but the republicans, lievur
ihelcus, make an addition? not from conversion,
but a pnre and simple addition? to their vote or last
year of 7i?5 votes. In the Tenth ward the returns
are still more astoundlug; for in that ward? an old
and not gro wing ward? tne republicans add n-any
twelve huiKired to tlieir vote oi la, t year, wi.ilu
i he democrats do not lo-e to any considerable extent.
II, as 1 have miniated, the democratlo reiurus
snowed a cliauge or ttie popular miud these things
might be explained, but tins is not Che case.
The democracy stood well in this city
when uiey went to the people this fail.
They had reduced taxation $-!,u00,uj<),
or thirty per cent In cno year. J lie/ had sto; pod
local improvements expensive in themselves; they
had limited the outlay ol the various departments
ol the cltv Kou-ruuient? facts which appeared on
tiictax bills oi tho-peopie- and th?v could juaiiy boast
that the city was cleaner, handsomer and wealthier
than ever before. That any leading mm should
ltavc conceive cheating to be necessary to carry
tne election is incompatible with what evervboly
knows was the i>u ..lie expectation ot the result or
the e.cctloo that It would be overwhelmingly demo
cratic. Under nil these circumstances no honest raau
can deuy that tlie iucrease of the republican vole in
the wards 1 have men. toned is just as astounding m
the iucrea-e of vote in rtia three democratic waids
?bout wiiio.i so much clamor is ma Jo.
Kkpuki kr? lint, Mr. Ho Witt, the republicans
show a district in the s-ixth wurd wh re more votes
are returned than could have l>een polled had the
inspectors wonted every moment of the day.
Mr. l?k Witt? Yes, sir; that district is a mhameful
fraud. There Is a similar district in the AssemolT
district where Waiawrnr&t ran. So ono will in
sist on receiving the votes ol either of
these districts. They are the work or some
mousing ward politician who had neither honesty
nor sense. Tne proposition was made from nigh
Suaners In this office this morning that leading
emo< rats, imitating Mts.^rs. o't'onor and nldeu in
New York, should themselves prosecute and punisn
these miscreants, and 1 hope it will bo carried out.
Rkpoktkh? is there anything like thin on the
other stde
Mr. i>e Wirr? Yet; oh, yes. In Mr. Perry's dis
trict, where the malu push was made by Hie repub
licans, there are all sorts of phenomena. 1'ierce
was well up to his ticket in the 'ltnrd and .Second,
where it is known everything is fair; but in tne
Foartn, Seventh and Eleventh Ferry in some dis
tricts dashed away ahead of nis ticket like a comet.
At one poll 1 understand the figures would seem to
show that about two hundre l men voted no other
ticket and for no other man but Perry.
KKPonTEK? What, in your juuumenr, will- be the
result oi the labors of the committee of Forty f
Mr. Jin W rrr? ihere are good nieu on that com
mittee and patriotic feelings governed the peopie
who crowited mo Academy, lint beneath it ail Is
tho craftiness and foresight of the politician. The
politicians need a popular agitation to justify
tne legislative cuanges they have in view.
They mean a revolution in our city gov
ernment. They intend to seize and pos
sess tie Water Hoard, the l'ollce Board, the Kx
cise Hoard and the Fire and Health Departments,
e\eu it they do not design further and still more
revolutionaiy changes, if the peoplo agiuite the
republican politicians will reap the harvest. These
committees aro in danger ot being .nade cat'gpaws
for the nauliiig of these nuts out of the nre.
KiPORTin? Do you know of any lrauds or cor
ruption being unearthed in the city government
Mr. 1>k Witt? No, sir. I know or neuner irauds nor
corruption, either uuearthed or carttied, In any of
our departments. There has i een extravagance;
bat the most tnorough scrutiny will, in my judg
ment, acquit all our otilcers of corruption or crime.
It is pitiful that a popular agitation of tho public
mind, consequent upon the enormous crimes in New
York, should be asod by every scandal- monger and
sore head, to blacken all u'.i.oial character
and poison Ml official uia. It has come to be a dis
grace to be In otllce-to be suspected, billeted,
maligned. Your character is muttons for every
gossip, loafer and tax-rebelling miser In tho com
munity. in the midst of the simoom, whirlwind and
polar storm of vituperation, calumny ami accusa
tion which has enveloped municipal life
In New York and Brooklyn not
man, or a press, or a minister has
ever spoken one syllable in vindication of a solitary
public officer, hosts of whom 1 know as laithful
and able in their public duties as tr they were la
boring at their own desks or far the estate of their
own blood, ir tnts Is reformation; tr thin is the way
to get good men in office; if this in the correct ape
cinc for parirjlnf and elevating official life, Men I
misunderstand ibe source* of Unman ambition and
tbe causes winch make the better the wiaer war.
KsroHTaa? What effect do you suppose the re
cent defeat or tbe democratic party will bare upon
tli at party In tbu citv in tlie future t
Mr. Us Witt? Salutary, salutary, sir, In tbe hlfh
est degree. Municipal patron*** la too limited to
aailsiy the adherents of any party. Wttboni fede
ral patronage we cannot satisfy the large body of
oincc-xAekers which exists n our ranks, as in
all parties. Hence our possession of the municipal
government has beeu the cause of widespread dis
satisfaction and jealousy. Now we are so poor that
none will ask and none will t>? disappointed. Be*
sides, the demootaoy aro comparatively a weak
par y In power, because of their honesty and con
servatism. TUey quarrel and divide, Uul out
of power we are the Hottest and most ferocious
party on earth. When the lemocracy are banded
together by common disa-d^r and common opposi
tion they will swarm to the rescue and posnessi on
of the city government with as much entbnaias.n
and power as ever characterized their palmiest
days and most triumphant encounters.
Tbe luterriew bere terminated.
rnsvanrifff tbe County Ticket.
Tbe Kings County Board of Supervisors met In
their comfortable chamber, In tbe Court Ilousc, as
tbe clock struck the hour of twelve, high noon, and
the rain fell in torrents without dampening the
ardor and the outer wrappings tbe "outs" that
would tain be "ins," Tbere was a goodly crowd of
Interested speculators assembled, wbo manifested
a marked Interest In all that was said and done by
the Board. Noticeable among those present Hero
tbe gentlemen of tho sub-committee of the com
mittee chosen at the Academy of Music. Tbe
??subs" were Ave In number as follows:? Ilenry O.
Reeve, E. J. Wbttlock (the President of the Board
or Education), Seymour u Uustcd, It W. Potter
(who so strongly farors secret aeaslous) and A. C.
Davis.
Proceeding to business, Supervisor James If.
Howell, or the Kleventu ward, was nominated by
Supervisor Nelson as Chairman, and .Supervisor
Hopkins, of New Utrecht, nominated Mr. stilwell,
of Qravesend. The vote w.is announced by Mr.
Barnard, Deputy County Clerk, us 11 for l lowed tuid
2 lor stllwelf. The two candidate* men paired off,
and on motion of Supervisor Milne Mr. Stuwcil's
nomination waa declared unamlnous. The returns
were Iheu opened, as lollows:? First ward, two dis
tricts; Second, tour; 'Ihird, threo; Fourth, nve;
Filth, nine; Sixth, seven; seventh, nine; Eighth,
four; Ninth, six; Tenth, ten; Eleventh, seven;
Twelfth, six; Thirteenth, six; Fourteenth, st.x; l'if
teeuth, six; Sixteenth, eight; Seventeenth, six;
Elgnteentn, Nineteenth, four; Twentieth, seven;
Twenty-iirst, four; Twenty-second, four; New
Utrecht, one; Fiatbush, one; New Lots, two;
Qravesend, one; Flat lands, one.
Tae courtesies of the Board were tendered the
Committee ol Five. The freedom of the ball was
given to all persons wishing to oo present. Tne re
turns of the following wards were *ent back for cor
rection:? First ward, First district? Total vote for
Coroner nut agreeing with detailed vote, second
district? Slate and Judlciarr; statements not prop
erly written out. Second ward, Second district?
Total rote for state officers not agreeing wltn the
detailed vote. Fourth district? The total vote not
agreeing witn the detailed vote. Tho returns have
also oeon freely scratched and rowrltten. Third
ward. First district -Coroner's total voto less than
deiad mte. Second district tato, total rote leas
than detail ro<e.
The Ho:>.rd of Commissioners then adjourned to
meet at ooo o'ciock this afternoon.
A Talk With Tlioinnv W. Fields.
Mr. Tliomaa W. Fields was found la his office, la
the City Hall, yesterday afternoon by a Hehai.d
representative, who announced bis desire to inter*
view him on the question of frauds.
RicroKTER? l)o you tains the labors of this Com
mittee of fifty will result fu any particular good, Mr.
Fields f
Mr. Fields? No, I do not I have held office in
this city for upwards or twenty years, and I can
honestly say I do not think any frauds have been
committed. I certainly Know as much about tbe
management of the affairs as they possibly can upon
a mere eursory examination; aud from what 1 know
lam most decidedly of tue opinion tnatnorrauds
will be found to have been committed. If, however,
I am mistaken, and they do Buccecd in discovering
that things have not been conducted as they should
have been, I am sure 1, in common with every good
citizen, will be only too happy to sec them cor
rected. I have assessed for locai Improvements in
this city to the extent of six or Bevcn millions of
doilars, but I am sure l never made a cent out ol it
fnrtucr than my salary, nor do 1 see how those who
have had the handling of the moucy could possibly
have applleu any portion of it to their own use. As
for the Common Council, all the money they have
control or would not amount, in round numbers, to
upwards of two or three hundred thousand dollars
Revorikr? Hut, Mr. Fields, what do you think of
the alleged election frauds, about which bo niacli is
being Bald
Mr. Fields? My opinion of that matter Is that If
frauds Have really been committed botn parties aro
I implicated; that the extent of those Irau .s has
been and Is still greatly exaggerated there can bo
no xind or a doubt. It Is equally certain that Mayor
Kaibdeisch hus done more toivnr in thl a exaggeration
tn.in any oilier man in iirooklyu, because, tu ms
oOlciai capacity as Chief Ma^istra to or ;ho city, no
bait a vast deal or Influence arm whatever be says
carries with it considerable weight.
Rkfuhtka? Mr. Fields, do you not think the ex
citement in New or* lias been the chief cause of
all your troubles ou this ide o Uie liver?
Mr. FiKi.ns? Why, most assuredly l do. The ex
cltcmcut in New Vork over the stupendous lrauda
perpetrated by Tammany nus spread, not only to
uroofclyii, but to almcbt ev.rc section 01 t lie coun
try, and people have lorined aluiost universally a
i'isir..st oi too fidelity or all public omccrs. mo far
as i am concerned, however, and 1 believe It is the
feeling of every oillctal tu the city, 1 invite Uie most
thorough scrutiny into the conduct oi botu myself
and my o tlciai associates lu the Board.
Reporter? I hear It said that sir.iuent measures
will oe adopted at the next mectlug of the LegUlo?
tnro to have uie Water Hoard abolished and Hie
Police and Fire Department* thoroughly over
hauled.
nr. Finns And so do I. The public mind la very
much excited just now, and I suppose tiiey (the
nublic) wl.l hive to have their victims; conse
quently, 1 cau't see but that tuo branches or the
ptiulio service to which you allude are qu.te as
flKeiy to suffer ns any, alttiougn l sincerely believe
ilmy are undeserving oi any censure.
Th? C'urlonliln tf lbs I'lty Canvnti.
The Common council Committee on Election Re
turns met yesterday In the Common Couucil Cham
ber and proceeded to cauvaBs the votes cast lor
city o dicers on Tuesday last. Alderman McGroarty
was selected as chairman of the committee.
Among the persous present In tlio Chamber were
ex-captaiu of Foi.ce Jacobs Silas B. Duicher, Su
pervisor of Internal Huvenue William S. Leach,
Deputy Comptroller Alderman lluirows, Clinton
Furbish, Alderman Weckttt, ex-Captain of i'ollce o.
1). Leich, Nelson Sciuurman, Auditor o'iiricu, Alder
man Clancy, Assistant Internal Rcvenuo Assessor!
il. M. Connelly aud W. Thome, Samuel Frost, ex
Alderman Whiting, James II. Pratt, James
Uatus, Ac.
on motion of Alderman Thorn it was ordered that
all the returns aud poll lists be brought beiore the
committee.
The committee decided to make a copy of the re
turns lor the purpose of relieving all parties of any
further responsibility in Keeping the returns, and
then, when all tho figures were copied, the com
mittee dccidcd to hear whatever protests or objetv
tions might bo made, and reserving all action on
that sujject for some future occasion.
PROTEST,
The following protest was received from Nelson
Scliaurinan
To TH* bOAau OF ClTT CA2TVASSKM OF TUB ClT* OP
HltOOKLY*
Th? undermined respectfully protests against the canvass,
by your bnnoranie body, of lbs reran* mad* by lit* injec
tors or election of the Kirit diiiricl of lbs Sixlb ward of
thn ciiy, an i bo makes tbls protest upon loe foiiowin*
grounds, vli. ihal said inspectors or election. bei'oie tna
opening or tbe poll at Sula di.tr.ci, and before lbs voting
ootlid legally commence there it, placed, or caused to I*
placed, to each of ttie ballot boxe* kept ul said district, 6tO
false and fraudulent ba.lot*, and wrote, or caused to
be written ou the poll Itsta kepi at said poll,
bve buo .red fictitious names purporting to be tba name* or
persons Wlio bad voted at aaM poll. Tout said lns|iactors. In
canvassing tue voles at salu poll, c. iuat<d and c^nvaised tba
said falsa an I fraudulent balota and Included the votes
ttiereou lu their return made to your honorable body. That
said acts or said Inspectors In depoMtlug s<M fraudulent
voles In the ballot boxes aa i ill couluuc and correcting tba
aainn ware done with the Intent aud drslgn to cuen and de
fraud the under*lgnel out or bl* election aa Auditor of tba
city of Hroo*lyn,ror wbloh oiuce be was al aald election a
candidate. Yours respectfully, NtLbuM SUAl K.UAN.
Laid over for luriuer action.
bixtekctii ward? skviirrn district.
fH"t' u/ JV'f t'9'k, Omit I y of Xiiiy, Oi'u I'r
William Link, being duly sworn, amys that he attended at ua
Seventh district pons, Slxteenin ward, and deponent I urthar
states that wbue at said district poll* lie saw ue Kdward H.
Kerrler, a republican inapaotor, delibaralely brua'i away
ticket* presented lo him by voters from tba cover of
tba ballot box, and replace them Willi tickets which tbe said
Kerrler hel i lu his hand. And deponent further lays thai be
was present al said poll wbau ona Jaoub Worth damnnuaa of
tba said Terrier thai llurdon H. haxter, a democratic In
spector, he removed from t ha posit on as sucb Inspector of
the said ?llslrict, and that ba ba not allowed to act at tba de
mand or said Jacob Worth. Deponeit saw the republican
inspector remove tba said democratic Inspector, lo tba
beat at deponent's knowledge and belief the ooject in not
allowing tbe democratic Inspeator lo act was lor ibe purpose
of committing frand. WILLIAM Llisk.
Duly sworn before ma thia l.lih day of November, 1U71?
CBABLBS 0. Watni, flutary Public, hinge county.
8IKTNNTH WARD? SKVKNTll UISTillcT.
HVatr nf l ark, Cim n) A'i.y, t'ttg Hi nokly i,
union H. Haxter, being duly sworn, deposaa and say* that ha
attended and was present aa a democratic Inspector at the
i K? vanth htectlon district poll ot tba sixteenth ward, on lh?
7tb day of November, 1d71, tna said day being election day,
and deponent lurther says that be was appointed aa
Inspector by tbe Beard of Canvassers of la 70. and thai
ob the lflth day of ftoptomber. Urn, ho qmHM ud fllo 4
tbo oath m MM Inspector; ud deponent turthee
?tfi that wMlo attending to kta dalles *e U
lnspeetor, one Kilwird H. hrrnr, a republican loipeelor.
reauestad a notice man 10 rM<m depoueni from tba room of
Mid poll, which Mid poileem in dl Do one til aceompaaie4
tbo policeman m for w tbo street. and requested tbo poiioo
?an to take dapoaeot to the *101100 houM, which no refused
to do. Dopoooot again apDeatad Md took his place aa an
Inspector. and fu acting M *uch w'i>n 00s Jacob Worth,
of tbo Seventh district or tbo Bliteemb war 1, appeared
boforo tba ballot bnzea. and demanded that de
ponent bo romorod ttoia tbo poaitlon oa *uch Inspector,
Which inld Farrier proceeded to do at tlie d etati n of tho
Mid Worth, oad deponent further *ay* that after being ro
morod from said polio one H nry Piatt, onotnor or sui in
spectors, a republloaa, lei't said poll, ood one Henry Jon'S
took bis place, and after laid .Tone* waa acting In said
Piatt'* placo ho did not attend to the dulloa of as inspector,
but waa outside p*ddilng ticket* in the Intereat of himself
and Kerrlor aa inspectors for next year, aa d-noneat waa
forcibly ejected l'rotn too oald diatriet poll aad n ,t per
mit ted to act m an inspector at the dictation of
Jacob Worth; deponent further save that one Ja' oj ,-tark
acted aa aa inspector who waa not alaoteo or appointed do
ponent pray* that tbo Votes of Mid Hsveoth district poll be
not counted, aa deponent believes, to tho .eot of hla knowl
edge. that too object of not allowing him to aot aa an in
ape. tor la aald diatriet waa for tho purpOM to commit a
fraud on tho legal roiera of tho diatriet ?Undersigns 1 M
mentioned above. G. H. BAXTER.
Bwora to boforo me, thli llth day of No yertherTlS? 1?
CiUftUte WtYtir, Commiialoaer of Ueede tad Notary Fub
llo, Kings county.
KIH.VT WARD-ncOND DISTRICT.
The following wad received from residents in th?
First ward:?
The undersigned, residents of tbo first ward, In Iho olty ot
Brooklyn, aud voters therein, lieieby respectfully protest
against the eauvatsi of the allseed returns of taa election
bald November 7, 18 1, for the Second district of tho First
ward; against the enumeration of auy votes tbea and thero
alleged to have Uetn voted, and avainu any action of rou*
Hour I which may be haaed upon the assumption that Midi
election In said district, and tne return* thereof, ara In any
respect legal or val>d, and we petition your Board to refu*e
lo receive or canvas* anch return*, and to deolare snob
election and tbe return* thereof were wholly illegal and void*
upon tbe following ground*
/'?r f- -That Jnhn tiynn, one of the Inepoetora of eleollon fog
said district, who bad been duly electe 1 and >worn In, wa*
by violence interfered wi b Jn tho discharge of his .tulles, an4
by order of Charles l>. Rutchlns removed and prevented front
acting during tbe whole of the election.
Pi o.ul (Jeorge O'iNoil and itooker, tho legal inspeo*
tors, were also removed at the Instigation of t;. u. Hutcblne
and executed by the same policeman and prevented from act
ing a* poll clerks durlnx the whole of tbe election.
Third That ottu Lewis Lewis. Without auli orltv of law.,
and without any right or authority whatever other than the
verbal direction or ssld Hutcb ns, usurped tbe place Af aa
Inspector 01' elect o' s far aald d strot. and in de&tuce ol the
n inon'irance and protects of tbe otlii r Inspector* and of
many ol the legal voter*, acted as an Inspector of election lip
said Scond uis.rift during the whole day of tbe el-ctlon.
hlitisell revolving the bullots of tbe voter* and depositing
theiu In the ballot bo\na, nnl also aotei during tbe ulghl
after the clos ng ot tho poll, counting aha canvassing tbg
votes.
fnu th? Tlml Charles B. Helghton ar.d acted ee potf*
clerk* during the who.e of said election without any lawful
appointment or auihorlty whatever a id against th protest
and remonstrance of a majority of tbe Inspoetors of ssdd dla>
trict.
i',r h~ Th*t tmd Lewis Lewis was not an Inspector of
Election for said diattlct. In that lie had ne ver been elected
or oh' ?en or appointed to that oihce by any iawl'ol authority
nournr,
That the tall U*U L??rli, nor either of said pra
tended poll clrrk?, ll^igbton and wrre <1a r awora 14
it rforin to* 'litllra of in?.'?<*inr anl pull elTk respectively.
Thai lb* pi el nde.l organ. lallon of the Board of
InipKi >r* tor ?alJ elecuon .Inn 1. 1 In which aald Lewi*
Itrwi* too*. ??jj' ill'-sal and trold, and that Ui?
acta of Hernarl Martin at Prudent of aald Board wei* coo*
Muuenlly ili?*al ami Told.
K.y),ih? I bat tbe poll .lit and return* for sal J election
for (al l dalrl'-t are fraoJulrnt an I r Id ui on thrtr f ice.
TUere'ure the i>n<1< r<unr.l tea that tie return from laid
Second dUtrlct of Hie flrat wr.rl l>e dlarcgardeU and ra>
Jected bj your Hoard a* Illegal an J fold.
I,IU?< VIC B i.N N KIT, Wl Columbia Hrlghta.
JAM KB -I. IIAN.JS, 4j Joralemon ureet.
HAM .'Bit PAL dhlt, 148 Columbia Height*.
Brooki.TN, Nor. U. 1871.
aii the communications were laid over for faturt
action.
IRRKOr XARITIKS.
The vote in tne Second district, of tno First want
being Irregularly recorded for Jubilees ol the Peace,
It was helu over until t lie inspectors could be seen.
In the second district, Second ward, there wen
470 votes recorded for ?'William Powell-' for Mayor.
In the Fourth district or the second ward there
were discreimncle-i bctwe n the total number ol
voles cast lor Comptroller and also for Justices ol
the Ponce and the detailed votes as recorded for the
several candidates.
The.r were laid over nntil tho Inspector! should bo
notified to appear before the committee.
In the First district or tho Fourth ward the total!
of the votes cast not belug received, the inspectors
will be notilled to attend to make tne accessary cor
rection.
THE CENTRAL DISPEJ91RY.
Third Annual Meet in* of the Central ftlspcna
?ary Aitaoclatlon? V Utod Work In Need ol
Help.
The members of the Central Dispensary held thelf
annual meeting Monday evening at 831 Eighth ave
nue, where the oflOce of the dispensary is located.
Tne association which conducts the adairs or the
dispensary began tQclr work of oharlty on very
Blender means and with but little encouragement
from "outsiders" to strengthen them In their plans.
A charity pure and simple, however, never fails,
and the dispensary, not long after U had begun
operations, saw that their fi lends who were willing
to help It along with their money were increasing
day by day. In 1800 the total number ot new pa
tlents in the dispensary daises was 3,213, which
number was Increased in 1870 to 4,07c. In 18tiJ
10,030 prescriptions were dispensed, and 15,311 m
1870. What good the association has been doing
among the sick poor since the last report was made
can bo seen In the fact given in the report read
last evening, that during the past year 18, pro
scriptions had been dispensed and 5, 70S new patients
in tne dispensary curses nad been attended tow
The visiting physician, during tne same period,
mado 4015 visits and vu new patients were treated.
The only drawback w hich the dispensary has to
contend witii at present, as shown by the treasurer's
report. Is debt, it is iuw some live thousand doll an
on the wronir Hide ol the books, and tiie managers
nro naturally very anxious mat the debt snould bo
wiped out so mat the association m i> not be im
pedud In its great work among the poor, la order
to meet tnotr wants it is intended by mo association
on the 28tn of tho present month to give a ciiaritr
ball at Apollo Hail, wiicre those who have the
welfare of the dispensary at heart, and who are
frien.is ol the sick poor, will bo on hand in
person or do aa much good as if they were by pur*
chasing a ticket. The dts -eusary mis douo excel
lent work so far, and it would certainly t>o a great
misfortune to the poor people to wuosc wants, when
sick, It admiuisteis rrce ol charge, it it should have
to give up us benevolent operations. Last evening
tne association elected their Hoard ol Directors,
etiooslug F. M. Hants as President, and Edward V.
Faigls, who presided at the meeting, as First Vice
President.
FLEETWOOD PA1IX.
The several trots announced to tane place yester*
day at Fleetwood Park were postponed on aocounl
or the weather. They will come oa on the first fan
day.
HORSE K0TE3.
At the good old age of twenty-eight, Queen Maryv
one of tho most successful brood mares ever foaled,
was destroyed, as being useless, at Biaukney Hall,
near Lincoln, England, on Octobcr 33. fche was, as
most breeders an t tun men are aware, originally
owned by the lata Mr. itaiu-ay, but tho itoldin har
vest of her siud career wat> reaped by Mr. William
l'Anson, or Maitou, who so'.d her to Mr. Chaplin,
with several oi ner younger relatives, in lbtiS.
ritOllUCK OP '/I KES M Alt V.
Queen Mary was a bay oiuru, bied by Mr. Kam*af
m 1843, got oy uiadlator, tier data (foaled la int'?)
by Plenipotentiary out of Myrriia. by Wnalebone,
gram lam Ci r, lyr Young (iou.iuna ouC ol Sister to
razler, by Sir feter.
1x47. nr. f. Haricot, liy Mango or LonercosL
1848. V. by Maiik'o idled a ioui|.
1849. 1). f. Utaxey, by Mom irooper.
18 bo. B. o. iiairownie, by Anuadnle.
1861. 11. c. by Ferneiey (fan orc<l>.
1862. B. f. Blooming Lkuilier, bv Melbourne.
1X63. B. c. Bourne .Scotland. by logo.
1864. B. f. blink Bonny, by Melbourne.
1866. Misicd to louchstone.
1858. 11. or br. o. Balnamoon, by Annandale.
186*. B. nab at tue Bowster, by Annandale.
1868. B. o. Bonuylicld, by West Australian.
1869. Br. f. Bonny Breast-knot, by Voltigcnr.
i860, li. f. liouuy lieil, by Voiiigeur.
lHfii. l ead nuv t?r stocks- eii.
Ib62. B. c. Btoomtilaw, by SiockwelL
1803. B. o. Bertie, by Newiumstcr.
1*?4. B. c. Biinklioolle, by Karaplan.
I?tl5. Oil. c. Blankiicy, ur Stock well.
18?,a. a f. Bertha, by Young Melbourne.
18?7 and 189-t. Barren.
liOtf. Covered by Volunteer (son of Alarm).
A BUBGLAB HELD FOB 'i'HE GBASD JUST.
James Cnrrle, the desperaro house-breaker an*
thief, was arraigned before Justice Walsh yesterday
invrning on a cnargc or bnrglary la having forcibly
entered the residence of Mr. Jerome Cantteld, 163
uenry street, Brooklyn, on the morning of uctober IX
The testimony against the prl-ouer lully established
his guilt. It will be remembered that Currle tried
to take the life or Mr. Canned by bring a shot at
him irora a revolver while ransacking tne bedroom
lor booty. Mr. Canflelri barely escaped beitur killed
by the desperate rascal, wno boldly car r let I oO
some property In escaping from tne houMu He tuu
no answei to make to the aueatlou. "tiuilty or not
guilty and was committed to await the action of
tuo (J ran a Jury.
BAD DEMISE OF A NEWABZ 0LEB0YXA1T.
About twelve o'clock on Monday sight, at toe
Parsonage, after a two mouths' Ulnexs, Bev. Alfred
Cockmau, pastor or the Central Methodist Episcopal
church, or Newark.died in tne forty -fourth year of bis
age. lie was widely known in the denomination, hav
ing occupied prominent charges in New York, rmia
delphia, Winning ou an i other cities. Last spring
he wss transferred to the Newark conference from
Wilmington. He was a son or Kev. ueorge Cuok
man, lorinerlv pastor ol the Franklin street Metho
dise Kpiscopal churcn, and for some time chaplain
in the navy, who was low fit tlioate>?.?ship President
many years since. The deceased gentleman won
hoets of mends In Newark, Ur ana oMr.eafc