CITY AND COUNTY.
Tht Rumor of Revelations on the Ring
by the Great Garvey.
MAYOR HALL ON THE SUBJECT.
Hit First Public and Determined Answer
to the Tnsolts and Imputation* Against
Rim?No Man, Living or Dead,
Can or Conld Impeach Him.
Comptroller Green a;id the
Complications.
Ho Incompetent Officials Nor "Dummies"
To Be Recognized or Paid?New Ap
pointments?Continuation of the
Sale of Property for Arrears.
Meeting of the Board of Supervisors?Bill* for
Repair i to Armories and Drill Rooms and
Advertising in the Papers.
"Has Mrs. Carrey returned
"Why?"
"Didn t you see what the morning papers said?
Bhe had come back and bad made an offer to Charles
O'Conor that If hor husband, Andy, would not be
punished he would squeal on the 'Ring?'
"No, I didn't see It, and 1 don't believe It."
Such was the purport of a conversation between
two of the minor officials in the new Court House
yesterday morning, and it may be taken as an index
of the opinions generally expressed on what was
the all-absorbing topic of yesterday. The cause of
this absorption was tbe following paragraph, which
appeared is one of the morning papers:?
'"formed on apparantlr Cood authority tbat Mrs.
SSfiJLia S,rve' ?rr,Te.d W I"" eitr VMMrday from
Mra, oarvey toinairnoud by her biuband to
Aif (bftti oo condition oi his not being prosecuted he will
dtaolnM all that he know. conc?rnlnB the sS
tba.l,llJe rereltttlon* which her husband
?muh make wl,l implicate Hall, Sweeny and llenry
?VTe' Tpto to Mr. Charles O'Conor veaterdav.
k'l0Wn ,her husband's piopoattion, but had not
received any reply up to last evening.
It will be seen thai there is an Intimation to the
effect tbat certain prominent men who have thus
far escaped are directly interested in the heavy
frauds. Mayor llall being among tnose implicated
in the statement, a Ukkalo reporter called on him
yesterday mo ruing aud lound him at the time se
lecting names ol appointees for school inspectors
and trustees. The reporter haoded him the para
graph above quoted. The Mayor read it carefully
iiud slowly, aud then, turning to tbe reporter, said,
In the blandest and most non-committal style pos' 1
?ibie, "Well i" j
BaroRTRii?is it well, Mr. Mayor I
Mayor?Well enough for a sensation.
Kkportkk?What have you to say about It?
Mayok?1 have said, weU euouga.
RaroitTKR? But you have not said enough to
satisfy tne public generally on the sabject.
Mayor?No! What do you want me to say?
Rkportrk?Why, w hate vet you know about It.
^Mayor?1 don't know anything about it; nor uo 1
Reporter?Don't csre I Why, It says Mr. Guryev's
revelations will Implicate you. warvey a
Mayor?ii thai be so he ought to make his revela-
1 ?r? Mu" 8udd?n'y changed his expres- I
sion from tue usual style of nadinuge lo oue of
great seriousness.) lie held the slip in ms leu hand
tne wrist of wlncn rested on his desk, guzco thruuaii
Tils new-iasbloneu glasses (without rtius) at the re
porter and saiu:--M.v lair haired young iriena, lean
I? .iJou ?udca" t*1,' tell the entire 1
world?uitre (lorn not live a man, nor lias any mm.
died, who cau or ever could make any revelation
w,oul(* implicate me m any dishonorable pro
fossiouftl or official aci. nor impugn my proldssionai
or official Integrity, <*he Mayor's expMrabad
become really solemn before concluding t/us state- i
moot. and for a moment or two no words were ex- I
changed./ Mr. Hall seemed somewhat annoyed,
much more so than usual. He Knit his brows, bit I
his upper lip and gave his head a s'lght oscillation
while gazing at tne slip. After a while the Conver I
nation was re. umed. _ -o conver-
^BKgaw&SS*'*100
?-MiWftsilTIou't know. I can't say whether Mrs.
Garvey has made any such statement or not; and
a.-. to inose statements of my being implicated 1 am
certalu no mm cau make any, much less substau-
itate them. Then, smilingly?
If say such Zsocbeum there be.
lip tree, IMbiiu c?me down aodsoe.
Reporter?Do you know whether Mr. Garvey Is
In Switzerland?
Mayor?1 do not; I know nothing about nis
whereabouts.
Rkportbh?It might naturally have been sup
posed, from all tbe sensation stories that have gone
about, that you would be likely to kuow something
about it.
Mayor -1 do not kuow anything about his where
abouts. Ail l know in that regard is from the
newspapers, aud o many storius oi one klud or an
other have appeared lately- tuat I have lound to be
false that I take everything with an Immense grain
oi salt.
Reporter?You have seen tne way Mr. O'Conor'a
remarks at Albany nave been Interpreted in your
regard?
Mayor?Yes: but I don't mind tbat, because there
is evidently au error somewhere, either in Mr.
OVouor's judgment or in the report, of his remarks.
I don't intend to be annoyed by sucu a frightfully
negative siaiemeni that nothing has been lound
which does not show a oe. lam ining. Thai attempt
at lusmuatlon by usiug iwo uejauves, with tbe in
tention of thereoy creating au affirmative idea, la
not worth caring lor. 1 am doing my best to help
the city out ot tbe lnuddle 11 has been thrown into,
and have not the slightest leui a-, to the results of
any Investigation as regards my acts, per.-ouaL pro
lessloual or official, ou any sub,ect.
AHor use .naming irom the Mayor that he would
prtrttahty t<U?i the lull nine to appoint tne inspectors
aud trustees of schools, which extends up to the
dial day ul oeceinner, tue reporter witudrew.
Tilfc COMPTROLLER'S OFPK.E
was besieged as usual oy parties ot all sorts making
application lor moneys due tueui ou oue account or
another. Their claims were heard ny toe comp
troller aud referred to his deputy, Mr. Starrs, to be
examined into, with Hie intention, U they ho found
legitimate, io nave them audited ana allowed as
promptly as tne hnauces of the city and county will
permit. Jl may lioe be stated thar Comptroller
Green win not allow payment to any persons who
have uoi themselves actually performed the duties
oi the offices to which tuey may have been ap- i
pointed. No assignments oi salaries will be recog
luzed, aud thereiore none oi tne old style or
"DIVVlEs"
between incompetent office-holders and people who
do the wnrk can be maae. This will stnousiy affect I
some recent appointees ho have obtained positions 1
which I hey are notoriously uuqualitied to fill, and i
who have luriued" the places out to others at a
much smaller hgure than they hope to get, thus
securing to themselves houoraule piaces lu name
aud per'ccc sinecures. It is to be regretted that the
comptroller's efforts in regard to removing officials
who may be incompetent on account ol the lack of
toe slid.ties ne.-essary to the proper discharge of
their dut.es, or incapacity on account of personal
habns. cuunot reach some who occupy seats on i
luoicial tenches, could they do so, there would, no
douoi, be much cause tor rejoicing umoug the legal
gentlemen and others who transact business in
some of the minor courts. Mr- Green yesterday
made the following
appointments:
Mr. Morris S. Miller, as Attorney to the Bureau of
Arrears aud Counsel to the hecciver of taxes, and
Thomas De Voe, buperintendeut ol Markeis in
place ot Jereunah I eore.
The weighty Brown wnocleans the streets and
who was fni merly of Uie Arm of Brown, De oe A
knapp, nauutcd the office all day with his portly
Prince, looking for money for the "good work" to
Mr. Cady ye?terdav continued the sale of properly
of ^xes *U(l water reuts. lie got
through several wurds, commencing with the
Eighth, aud will to?tav commence with the Flf
teouih aud will probably complete the sale oy Mou
i
TTIJR BOARD OF bt'FKKVihORM
met yesterday afternoon tn special session and in
the absence of Mayor Hall Supervisor Coman wi.
Sailed to the chair. There was very btbe neiire m
any kind after the usual preliminary busing had
boon disposed ot, and tlie ouiy business transacted
was tbe reports ol committee.: 1he ComnmtSe^n
AHgORIKS AND I>RI 1,1, ROOMS
reported in lavor of paying the followiug bills:?
Rnjiainug roof of armory of Washington
Gray Troop |33 28
Repairs and supplies to armories tu 1 wen
ty fourth street, near Sixth avenue 1,911 oe
Repairs and supplies to Rxcclsior regiment
au i armory 00449
Repairs and supplies to Kighty-fourth rogi
meut armory 030 63
Repair, anu supplies to Hevoaty-llrat regi
ment armory 2 612 to
Repairs to Tweiity-seooud regiment armory *267 07
itepsirs aud suppne. to Twelfth regiment
HI 11*4*1 f sees 3)1 '{ft
K<p*i* to luui regimeut armory 819 47
u I
rm report WM adopted. after wblch Supervisor
Waisb oi.ercd the following reoort from the Oom
muuxj oq
PR1NTIMO AND BTAT10NSRT:
The OtnmlUte on Printing an? blnUonery, tp whom warn
referred etinMr* *Hls of newspapers for printing, Ac., re
spectfully report toot those bill* bars sccuamUted from
time to time suit bare been rcftn ed to lb* Committee on
Printing and Htatioueiy. They bare nut been audited tor tbe
reason that tbe appropriation ha* been Insuilietant to par
them all. They are rendered for various publishing! end
your committer are unable to determine whether
proper NUthoritr baa been given in every instance or not.
Under all the cfreamataneee, your ooromltfer hare concluded
to recommend for adoption the folio win j resolution
KaaolveJ, That the bibs of all newspapers now In lbs oon
een*loo oi the Board be referred, with power to the Comp
troller to take each action as b* may think proper.
This report and the accompany tog resolution were
adopted by unanimous vote. This includes tue bUiS
01 some sixty or inoro newspapers lor ftilTSJftluM;
for which the Comptroller u tnuf made responsible.
He will shoulder the responsibility, uo doubt, and
do the proper amount of weeding.
Alter transuding some further unimportant busi
ness the Board ad lourned.
TIIK HHKR1F1'S OFFICE
was rendered somewhat lively yesterday by parties
calling tor information in regard to the seizure of
the establishments of the New York Printing Com
pany, and as to whether any order had been
received from Albany in relation to Comptroller
Connolly's trial. Nothing new in regard to the
situation in either particniar was to be obtntn&d.
In the estubiisnment of the Printing' Company, on
centre street, a lew men are still at work, and the
business generally bus been suspended. In regard
to Comptroller Connolly no new developments have
been made, although the parties more directly
interested have been anxiously expecting some
word favorable either to discharging the order of
arrest or ordering a reduction of the ball.
NEWS FilOM ANDREW GARVEY.
Return of Mrs. Garvey to the
City.
Stupors of a Proposed Compromise with His Pro
secutors?Revelations Expected by Which
Prominent Sing Politicians Will
Be Brought to Justice.
Mrnil f iT^ *torUe<l ye8tenl?r bj the rumored
return of lire. a. J. Garter, the wife of the famous
plasterer, it may be remembered that at the time of
Garvey s disappearance it was asserted he had cone
to Switzerland, with the Intention of mating Eu
rope his home until the trials of the Ring had blown
oyer and the Tammanr troubles become matters of
history. But thoughts of
HOMB AND OOCNTRr
filled his patriotic soul, and weary of pining in a
foreign land his desires and wishes were longingly
fixed toward the talr city of Gotham. But nls an
pearance among us at the present time would be
IS?-' ,aneerOU8' 80 h,B w,fe bas come on in his
stead; for the rnmor is true that Mrs.
Garvey has returned to her residence m
th^n Si WhCD th? repon wa8 put ln ^cuiatlon I
the public generally was Incredulous, believing the
story to be a canard; but a visit paid by a Herald
reporter to ihe residence of the Garveya, on Forty
ffe?!iJ0lVed 1111 aoubts'aa H was Imme
diately admitted that Mrs. Garvey got Dack from
?urope 011 Thursday. Fatigued by a long journey
and the cares incident to it, she was somewhat in
disposed yesterday, and unable to see any one but
her most Ultimate friends. If report speak true, the
mission that has brought her back
WILL CAUSE CONSTERNATION
and dismay to some of the Ring thieves, who as yet
off cnseatned, and who were vainly flat.
tering themselves that the crisis was past and the
?K?i?7r' Garvey is asserted, re
?Blved Instructions from her husband to say that, in
the event of the prosecution against him being
maKTa fllrtller feedings stayed, he will
CLEAN BRBAST OF ALL HB KNOWS
rmCirni1afHt,ieRlntf'raud8 ana W disclose .he
names of the principal actors in the shameless rob
beries that nave long disgraced the city, sne inti
mates that the revelations wnich Mr. Garvey nro
poses to ma ke will 7 p
IMPLICATE mayor HALL, PETER B. SWEENY AND
HENRY 8MITH.
If tnisbe true-and there is no reason to doubt
its accuracy, as 'he important element or the case
the presence of the lad* e- -VlWCr
fact?the pauuc may authenticated
expect startling disclosures,
hlch will doubtless throw complete light on trans
actions which have hitherto baffled the persistent
labors oi tne most eminent lawyers in the city
Immediately alter Mrs. Carvers return it is said she
wtote a letter to Mr. Charles O'Conor, making
known her husband's propositions, the lnforma
Hon be was prepared to give, ana me
price be put upon It. So reply has vet
been received, and what the result wS
be it is impossible to sav. The ball, it win be re
?e!D.bere'1' wlllch be would have been subjected
haa he remained In the country was the same as
Tweed's, and the magnitude ot the sum muio
&r'?mty,/or h,m*? weather the s"rm x thS
garia.
iB'cisss r>u puce?s
.i, .v.- TAI.UABLB CONFESSION POSSIBLE
be Interest in him, which had begun to die nnr
has been revived in an Increased degSe? YesterdlV
tim wa8 ftll-absorbing topic of ccmversZ
tlon and many were the opinions express,! Sot"
tlve to his rumored proposition. The ^eLm?
opinion seemed to be tbat at all hazards Ee lhUioS
j assssas?' M ?sns
tluo the hi, oro
i longed exile or even from bis conviction ami mm
lahment. The knowing ones asserted rhitPS?
lawers would manage, by their ana, at lhe
a*> 1 ,i. rt TO *DDDLB THE CASE
THE MAGNATES OF TAB KINO
i ^AVSSl Ms to 2? KSB ?r.s
ext.1iTir:'ir&Kvr
sr J'f1 s-tXr3?S;
a?
'&s?s?g%f
sss?;wa7sa?& ff&rSSFi
hm ?OI77 cannot say anything more satisfactory
boc 1 cAUQot iitiip it,*' replied Mr o'Connt* ?a iho
pssss
quite certain that Mr. O'Couor would have said so
H^ slleuce appeared to be continuation of the ?u
MlfcHW .Vf JIOBBHHl TMW6?.
H Ke"^ a 8econ(, lleuUinant under Gen
oral Meade, drew his pension-foo-m Phl.adeipnia
1 RD(1 ?D Brr,Tln* 10 Trenton, where he
j r. sloes, went on a soldier's pension spree, which he
I continued unnl were spent. L??e on Tuesday
night he was attacked near the roiling mill
Tteetoe, threatened, a Jm hZt.
I Mo h ?W hU deBa M<1 hl8 CUt.
l!Tw 0D ft <,ruult W,U| James Kcenan,
Joseph i>ep^,
fiJwW the mejffcfc&etf^&W'themaS
was Inquired into. Yesterday three of the parties
were arrested ln Trenton ana taken before Justice
aufm ^--S hearing. John Conway, taking the
alarm, cleared from the city. James Keenan was
Shu Aterton T ^o.ttU^aleUed 10 kni Kellyi i
to take the i.r2altl #W J**ve ^leateuei
he took anv led ?maa <50iuplalnant If
Pension pipe?? mCuV" lhe bioney. j
ana u<> weie taken ?nii wh? A?*coit,
charged with being ?on?erned^n r mrloa wns I
saitI that the nanm-i ,rn.e<J ,n lhe robbery he
^WBffluSS'1 a" flu"'- Jo I
nati in the robber* 'aim ?t0? orunk 10 tak?
understood that while kiJaa lo
the throat and flonnshi, nm Kelly hy
oi l the stealing. t .knne Conway
ably be/ore the Justice, and showed athmChnt''ler
something of the dastaraiv oiun? Bl he *?ew
men Kelly had spoil S Kml"10"* ihc^e
him and threaten to kill iiinc Ka V?,10 rob
Mary Ann Scott were Imund over aa wl'tneswM
THE KINO FRAUDS.
Ken Time Wanted \j tbe Grand Jerjr for the
IiiYeitigatloi of the King Belinqaenein
Earnest and Determined Action or the Jury?
Valuable and Active Co-operation of tho
Diatrlot Attorney-A Legal Difficulty
Foreeeen and Prevented.
Yesterday morning tbe Grand Jury entered the
Court of General Sessions, and, after presenting a
large batch of indictments lor larceny and burglary
tbe foreman read the anbjotned statement. Alter
be bad concluded tbe reading Recorder Daoxett
said that It would be submitted to Judge Bedford,
who would oome into Court on Monday:?
REASONS Wfl/ THE GRAND JURY Of THE COURT OF
GENKKAI, SESSIONS ASE FOR AN EXTENSION OF
TQKIR TIME.
This jury was empanelled on the llrst Monday of
November last That being election week, by advice
of tue court the jury did no duty until Monday,
the 13th of November. In abont four days,the jury
having passed upon about seventy oases or ordinary
character, they were on the day of November
called Into Court by His Honor Judge uedrord
and specially cnarged to take up, examine and act
upon the alleged immense frauds upon the public
treasury of the city and county. Id deferenoe to
thatoharge the jury Immediately eommenoed such
Investigations and have pursued thorn with seal and
diligence from that date to this. They be?au with
the oase an vised by the de jacio Attorney General,
Mr. Charles O'Conor, as reoommended by His
Honor Judge Bedford. Tne first resolution adopted
by the jury was that all bills of indictment ordered
by them in tne rraud cases should do prepared oy
the District Attorney, aided by Mr. 0' Conor and Mr.
Tilden. This was done with the expressed hearty
concurrence of the Distriot Attorney, and the ob
ject was to secure the correct lechntoal
accuracy ol the bills of Indictment tnat
might be finally passed by the jury aud
signed by tbe foreman, and to make all those gen
tlemen equally responsible for sach accuracv. After
many dayB ol continued tabor it was round that it
would be quite Impossible to complete auy proper
Investigation before the close of the term of the
Court, when the disposal of toe motion would
be a matter of course. On a representation of these
facts Judge Bedford oxlended the term to the 18th
Inst., and afterwards stated that further time would
be given If tbe jury required it. The jury have now
a very considerable number 01 cases in the hands of
the District Attorney and Mr. O'Conor, and are
waiting tne return of tho proper papers for the
final action of tue jury, but have not
time to finish those and others ready to
submit. Another and further reason why they
desire more time is:?To the neglect of their private
affairs many of them have pursued this lavesiiga
tiou as a matter of duty, ana they are all uuwiiliug
that their worx should be lost and their acts made
void by any unforeseen technical oitllcultios. Tney
desire that this Court and their lellow citizens
should understand that they do not shrink from tne
respousibiUfies 01 aotlou. The attention ol the jury
has been called to tne following statute of the Caws
of the state, to bo found in section *7, chapter 639,
Laws of 1870, volume z, page 1,800:?
A grand jury may be empaneled in the Court of Oyer and
Terminer ami another In tbe Court of Gonerat Sesxtons, and
may meat at and during tbe eaine lime; but in aucn case the
grand jury tn the Court of General Sessions ehail only net
upon such matters as shall hare been neard belore a com
mitting magistrate and shall hare been submitted by the dis
trict attorney.
The District Attorney expresses his readiness to
snornit these and an other cases the jury wlsn, but
the rraud cases on which the jury ate engaged have
not been heard before a committing magistrate.
The contingency re i erred to in the statute now
exists. Doubtless the crowded condition of the
prisons rendered the empanelling of the new Jury a
necessity, and especially as this jury had suspended
hearing prison cases in order to hear the lraud
cases, us requested by the Court, lu this state of
affairs the jury asked the advice or the District
Attorney and Mr. O'Conor as to the effeot of this act
upon their official decisions unon tue complaints
bejore them, and although those geuiiemen think
tho action of this jury, if takca during tho
session of the other Grand Jury, would
not be thereby rendered null aud void,
still tlie jury think it would of course raise
questions that might and doubtless would take
tne cases to courts or last resort for decision, and
Ihos deiay. if not defeat, tho course oi justice.
Under these circumstances tue jury respectiuily ask
that their term may be so extended that they may
pass upon tne cases now being prepared lor action
after the Olsdwtnie Oi the other Grand Jury, aud to
lacihtate such results pr&pOJff to act upon prison
cases at tbe same tune with the oraerui'and Jury
until such cases be all disposed of.
To this amendment the District Attorney glvos his
approval, and has already sent to this jur numer
ous prison cases on which tney are uow acting, and
hare passed upon some one hundred and seventy
causes. LUC1KN J. COMSTOOK, Foreman.
THE ELECTION FRAUDS.
Trial of Inspectors at Yorkville Police Court?
Further Adjournment of the Examination.
At the Yorkvllle Police Court yesterday the ex
animation into alleged frauds by the inspectors of
the Seventh ward was commenced. A large
number of persons interested in the case filled the
court room, among tnem being several politicians
of the Seventh ward. The first called wa9 that of
William J. O'Connor, one of the Inspectors of the
Sixth election district. William J. McMahon,
candidate for Assembly irom the Fourth Assembly
district, charged that the votes lor Blair, one
or the opposition candidates.were not counied. The
canvassers merely counted those cast for witness
and the other candidate. Blair's vote was 168, wit
ness' 107, and Decker's 28. The canvassers said it
would only be wasting time to count Blair's vote.
The total number or votes cast was 283. whloh tal
lied with the votes In the clerks' books. After some
contradictory swearing by "watchers," canvassers
and otners, the case was finally permitted to stand
over nntll the arrival of one Mccane, who was a
watcher'' lor one McMahon, but who bad failed to
appearand give bis testimony.
The next esse called was that of Edward H. lleard,
a rormer witness against Bernard C. Ryan, one of
the Inspectors of the Eleventh distrlot. lie swore
that a voter gave a ticket to Ryan to put Into the
box?lor Assemblyman?but the latter was observed
to place in the box another ticket Instead, having a
different name on it. This case, also, was allowed
to stand over.
The case of James Reilly, one of the inspectors of
the second election district, came ncxr. Alter hear
ing some evidence in the case the Court too. a re
cess for iwentv.five minutes.
AFTER THE RECESS
Phillip Barrel was called, at.d testified he was
one of the inspectors of this district; counted a por
tion of the votes cast for Blair: the other canvassers
counted the other portion between them; my por
tion was nlnety-tnree, Reilly's seventy-two and Mr.
Young's eighty-one; the total vote was not then
counted up; we counted Mr. Becker's vote and
found It to be twenty-six; McMahon's was 171, and
three scattering votes; the total cast was 448; Mr.
Reilly tohl Mr. McMahon he must get outside the
railing, as mere bad been one or two quarrels
ulready there; l did not hear Mr. Carroll ordered
GET 'V -v V 7. 1
cross-exaihlned-We counted the ballots by ten;
vre only counted to find out what the whole number
pr voies pus1 yrus: afier we opened tne ballots;
tne/ were opened one by one, taking them from the
common plic; t counted Blair's as 1 yyept along; Jt
was understood between us that I should no the
Counting In that way; 1 iold the others 1 should
count Blair's vote; 1 do not Know whether Mr. Car
roll, the -watcher" heard me or not; I whispered it
to Mr. Retliy and Mr. Young; had no particular rea
son for doing so: Reilly said, "All right;" kuew
Mr. Carroll was a "watcher" and candi
date for Alderman; did not speak louu
enongh for him to hear; did not hear
Mr. Carroll's demand to be present, nor did I know
tjlietlicr he Md any right to be there, knew nc had
g written authority; we refused Mr. Carroll the
right to come inside the railing as we did others
who were present; we did not recognise nis au
thority to come inside; do not known Mr. Carroll
could read the tickets from where he stood: told .Mr,
Reilly lu a low tone now many votes 1 had counted
for main; can't say why 1 spoke in a whisper; had
no particular reason for doing so; when wc an
nounced to each other the result of the first
bount we did so in a whisper?a loud whisper:
cannot say if any one except Ihosd
1'iuncjlately round tne tav^C heard u-, or could
havi (Will Coi altlf counting the Vvjj* bv ta,u,> ca,t
for Hecker and Mcllahofi, nud deducting 15? *l,m
from the tola) number, Mr. McManon delaafldcu
that, the votes can (or Inatr be counted separately;
Reilly refused; tiro other candidates' votes were
counted in the ordinary way; Blair diu not, of
course, get tne three scattering votes; dirt not tlilnk
it necessary to toil Mr. McMahon how lUair's vole
wascounled; can give no explanation wny we
made tne private arrangement to count Blair's vote
and why we did not allow any "watcher to be in
side the ratling.
John Young, another Inspector of that diatriot.
was sworn, and testified as to the manner or count
ing the votes; oouated eight# one for Bitlr, the
others counting seventy-two and nlnoty-throo eacn;
Blair's vote was Ueu placed by Itself; we tnea
oouuteU the votes for the other two candidates, aa
the previous witness stated.
cross examined?Neither of the other Inspectors
told me In a whisper that be would oount Blair's
vote; Darrell said he would count, In a low tone,
not a whisper; did not think any one else had a
right to hear what we had to say; Carroll
could see the count, U he did not
bear what was said; did not know the "watcher"
had a right to be near enough to be able to read tbe
ballots; have no explanation to give why we whis
Sired about Blair; I did not think It necessary to
U wuat arrangements we had made.
Michael Gannon, poUoe officer, testified?I was on
duty in ine Hevond election district; on two occa
sions we had to clear the room: fjilf was
previous to tb; CfiPy$99 Of the vole for
Assembly; saw no obsirnotion offered to Mr.
yprroll?that is, 1 saw no one sitting in front of
r.irn that trou.d prevent him from seeing the votes
counted; saw Mr, C'arroU present bis papers aud
heard the inspectors say that no more should be
allo wed to go inside the raiUng; was inside my
self and saw the whole vote counted; Mr. McMahon
got over ine railing during a portiou ol tbe cau
vass, and was very quiet
James Hecllv, chairman or the Board of Canvas
sers and the defendant in this case, was next sworn.
He testiuod?1 allowed Mr. Carroll to be present at
the onnvass; 1 aid not say that no one snould come
Insider the railiug; there was a difficulty during the
canvass and three or (our men lumped ovet the rail
ing; was alrald that something might happen aud
directed the officer to clear the room inside
the railing, aud thoa said no oue else
should be allowed Inside; Mr. McMahon
was then behind tbe railing; Mr. Carroll,
after the vote had been oonnted, aid not make any
complaint. 1 he examination ol tblB case was here
closed on both sides, when it was agreed to between
oounsel that tho lurther examination bo postponed
until some day week alter next.
The case of Thomas Uogau, the Inspector o( the
Tenth Election district, Eighth ward, was next
called.
John Qamlll, 81 King street, was the complainant,
and charged that the prisoner refused to accept
his vote oa the ground that he Is a deserter,
when, as he maintains, ho Is uot. The onty ques
tion tor tue Court in this case was whether
linmUt was or was not a deserter. Hamlll
testified that he applied to Uogau to have his vote
takeu, but he (tiogam refused to accept It; witness
insisted, and Uogan took tue vote of the other in
spectors on the matter, and iney deolded to reject
witness' rote; witness said ne was a soldier, but
left the army witnoui permission ol liis offlocrs,
and be;ore bis time was up.
Mr. Clinton wanted to show the Court the law
referring to the case and entitling hainlu to ine
privilege of voting, but Justice Ulxby would not
then hear him, and adjourned tho court, It being
already twenty-five minutes past five P. M.
ANOTHER DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN PATEHSON
A Night of Terror?The Whole City Threatened?
Destruction of a Charoh and a Portion of
the Busineae Part of Paterson.
Directly alter trie excitement produced by tue
Franklin Mill flre, in Paterson, ou Wednesday mom
ma, whloli was tlie largest conllagration In Paieraon
for years, comes another disastrous visit of the flre
flenu, which has created In tne minds of the people
almost a horror at the very mention oi lire.
At a quarter to eleven o'olook on Thursday night
the frame building in Ellison street, Paieraon, near
the corner or Main street, was discovered
to be in flames, which are believed to
have started lrom a small stove in the
back part of the stationery store of John F. Buckley,
lu an Instant this store and the shoe shop or James
N llarper, adjoining, were both to flames. The
rear of these buildings adjoined the rear of the First
Reiormed church, on Main street, and to a few min
utes that was also to flames.
THH 1'IEfl DABTBD UP
the steeple, to which was the town clook, and as tne
blaze burst out simultaneously along Its whole
length it made a roir like an earthquake that
caused the thousands of spectators to rush back lu
terror*
AU the buildings to the rear of these also took
flre and lor a long time It seemed as though the
efforts of the firemen would prove unavailing; but
alter a hard struggle of two hours the flames were
temporarily subdued, and most ot the people went
home, thinking It over. But about two o'clock the
dwelling houses of C. Van Winkle and S. P. Va
Winkle, adjoining the Ellison street part of tne lire,
suddenly burst out in flames, again
LIGH1INU up THB WIlOLK CITY.
The firemen were exhausted, one of the steamers
gave out, a wind started up and the flre seemed to
be getting a headway that could not oe controlled.
Ait tne people in tins mock prepared to move tneir
goods and i here was qatto a panic. The First Na
tional Bank was improvised as a storehouse and
lor the relicl of tne lamlites burned out. It was pro
bably the most terrible moment ever experienced tn
P<UntUafter tnree o'clock yesterday morning th$
result oifthe struggle Utweeh t\ie flreffl&tt fend the i
flames seemed dountfal, butat last the[tttgoMj
t,w>n nivpred with Ice and risking tneir uvea were
mumphaut and by daylignt the danger ot a lurtner
gPArt',th^town clock Patoeoie was burning and the
face Ucked by the flames it struck elcven.Flfteen
?mnutes later aud tne old town clock o;
S JTm va. b*
E H'
tinfe or had tne lire started at a later nour, tnere
would not have been enough lett or I'aterson to ta k
aU0UUTHB LOS8HS. DAMAGES AND INSURANCES
aFtratr^ormed church, totaUy destroyed. Loss,
|uu)i inhured ior $1*6^0 in tlic Impel mi, of Lou
|22,uoo, mauicuiui Loudon and
*#SoOto the Franklin, of Philadelphia.
The front of the church was bulltlntot wo stores,
which were damaged to the amount of $l,60i), on
Shmh there is an insurance ot $1,600 in the Liver
cool and London aud Ulobe, and *600 in tne l.npe
Sufi nf fjindnii The church orgau was insuied ior
ai mw w?Se imperial^ of London. seven hundred
damase was done to ihe adjoining lecture
JS!T. nssisii? "jTsgsr*ot M,"w 10
T ivprnool and JjO&dou and Globe*
Two tnousaud flvo hundred dollars'
lone to s.. P. Van Wiukte'i
rtmiA to 8. P. Van winKiO B rusiuouw,
s?re!t on which mere was $l,Auo insurance In tue
Piiubnix. damage to lnrntture $1?600, which id n
mired for $1,000 in the Imperial, of London. _
i^?.rneiuis Van Winkle's resldeuce, 46 Ellison
stre^damage il,600; insured for mat amount m
the Phoenix. The furniture was insured lor $l,o00
hEwm?ViSSSmw. SnrtJM
vSra??; ilST
if"" *?2m%
cover the damage to R. Van llouteu s cigar store,
I jn Sc'mhier, ou the corner of Main and Bill
wm'at'rpeis loses about $600?insured lor $6,ooo in
Newark companies a?d *2,W to the Hanover.
1 m me Sprl'ngfleld. Tho
watches and jewelry were all saiely removed.
To H. W. Borueu's insurance office, uruiy sex
I'tothlug store, Doremus' livery
staide and'" Harper's shoe store the damage done
wnu trininir* Mrs. Booth's millinery Btore was dam
Mcd about'$1 wo; not insured. Buckley's loss, in
fhn aiRtmuerv store, about $700; not lusurcd. O. S.
bharne, agent of the Ooeanlo Steauishtp Oo^any;
had his office burned out, with small loss, howevei.
DUKIKd THE 1'IHB
srs^&ws a?urd? i
firemen w^reburied^eneath thrums or
to a level with the eurbstoues. lhc excitement
me city nurmg the coiiiiagiation was intense.
hot SSraavr
Tin, if >KH?vea
?T "?sprr.t"!K
prise is no inore pm^ulemmtlemen whoso
wftlf Suitoeiw hav?ieon serlous.y damaged or
nWiru ;x$,xp!x

they did it nevertheless, and bravely.
FATAL FALL.
About thice o'clock yesterday afteraoon Jrimos
?a,d to have oceu J?roiuer of ex-Alder
s'"111"0 Mlt wol.g oil <5 building corner
man bhauuon, WDu? ft gcAiiold to
Park street nnd Mission .^.i^.uve *?fl. oA<i .rc"
tho pavement, a distance pttiilr ^le was
ccive.1 a iracturo of IhespliM) lor irWt|in?nt
removed to the Centre Sirep' I Pimmediately alter
by burgeon \nndewnwr, biu d ,e r orickUyer by
admission. Mr. bhaunon, wl o corner
trade, was rorty years ot age and lived on nw
ol Forty-second street aud bcconu avcu
left a lamdy.
YOBXVILLB DISPENSARY.
Wort* *T CoMtfidaa from the Tlritiic flr?
?Idea?"Who'll Pay the BUI V?"Beggars
Are Wet OkeeuA"
The grand passion for money wnlch has or late
brought politician* and business men to ruin aeema
to bare crept into every department of hninan in
dustry; even the profession of medlolne is not free
from its contamination. This profession devoted
to the interests of suffering humanity has lately
been perverted to serve the interests or the pockets
of a few interlopers whose devotion to sclenoe
la proportional with their knowledge of it.
Our dispensaries, which are so much landed
fur their Interest In and devotion to infirm humanity,
have lately been maae the means whereby certain
parlies oonnected with them might slaok their Inor
dinate greed for lucre. To say that this Is the case
in all our dispensaries would be untrue; but that It
Is the case with some, more especially the
YOBkVILLR DISl'ENSAHY,
cannot be denied. To this establishment must bo
yielded the palm of heartleasness and luconsidera
Uou. Its attaches, not satisfied with the wages they
receive iroin the city, look also for emolument irom
the poor people they attend, and If the required fee
bo not paid ihey wlU not even condescend to look
at the patient.
Suctt inhumanity as this would not be tolerated In
the Fiji Islands, and yet the devotees of science lu oar
midst consider it as a legitimate means o( making
a lortune. "Man's inhumanity to man" Is prover
bial; but the lollowlng case Is certainly wltnout
parallel in the history of heartlessnesa. a poor
woman, residing at Sevonty-sixth street and avenue
A, called on Friday at the dispensary, between
Kighty-third aud Figniy-iounn streets, on Third
avenue, to ask to have a physiciuu call and see her
husbaud, who was down with the fever. Uhe
waited patiently for a day and a half, but, as tbo
doctor railed to put in an uppeatance, sbe decided
to go to ner broilier-ln-law, who had previously
shown her much kludness, and ask him to send a
doctor to see her husband. On Monday a doctor,
who atterwards proved to be the one lrom me dis
pensary, walked in. What followed will be iound in
THE WOMAN'S OWN STORY.
"On Monday morning a doctor came to the honse
and 1 thought it was the one my brother-in-law sent,
so 1 asked him who sent him. 'Myself,' said he, uud
without annuel word he asked, 'Who'll pay (he
bill/' ltoki him I was poor and it the neighbors
were not so kind 1 didn't know what I'd do. 'You
can't have my services for nothing,' said he, and
was going to leave when I asked him If he wouldn't
go in ana see my nasband. 1 told himl bad four
giuldren, and the eldest was only ten years old; but
e didn't want to listen to um aud was going to go
when 1 told him 1 would like him to go and see my
husband and tell me wnat ailed him. 'Beggars are
not choosers,' said he, and out he went, Biammiug
tne door behind him. When he was gone auout an
hour or so the doctor from my brother-in-law came.
He told me my husband nud the typhoid fever and
he could not live long; but said if he hud uad a doc
tor a day or two before ne uuget have lived. I
have the rheumatism so bad that 1 cannot move
about. What will I do if he dies? 1 have four
children, anil I don't know how I'll support ihein."
The poor woman was very uiucn affected during
the recital of the latter purt ol her story. She Is
an intelligent, brigbt-looRing Irish woman, ana nus
rheumatism so bad that she caunot m.ve about
without the greatest pain. TUe Commissioners of
Charities and corrections should look alter tlus
case.
A YOUNG MAX Of "tillLAX EXPECTATIONS,"
A Novel View of the Matrimonial Contract?
An Indignant Bridegroom Calls Upon His
Spouse to Share the Burden Financially.
Matrimony, In the eyea of the law, Is (leaned as a
civil contract, and, in some respects, certainly par
takes or a mercantile partnership. The young and ro
mantic, however, are not generally apt to take so
sordid a view, and soorn all that savors ol aught
save the purest and moat unseiflsh love. It is only
when the traditional honeymoon has elapsed and
the stern realities of lire stare the young couple In
the lace that they suffer the hlgu standard which
they had at first set up to be debased by material
considerations. Not so, however, with Marx Mo
nash. Marx was a clothing merchant, and pursued
his calling diligently. He exposed tils wares In the
upper part of Eighth avenue, and
OKOTS X FAIK TBADB.
His capital, however, was limited, and he was
naturally desirous of augmenting It. His ex
perience of human nature caused him to distrust
the integrity of a mate partner, aud he thought tliat
by securing one of the opposite sex as a connubial
partner of means commensurate with his own
he would not outy obtain tue desired accession but
also a guarantee of fidelity. He accordingly cast
about him in search of a lady, and considered uiat
he had fonnd the object or his wishes in the hand
some person of a sprightly little damsel named
Fanny Herman, one ui his own race. Fanny was
reputed to be the iv
PP^SlWljQR OF "SOUR MONISM,"
The usual courtship ensued, and Marx and Fanny
were joined together in the bonds of noly wedlock
in tne tatter part of June last. They began house
keeping Immediately after at 062 West Forty-seoond
street, lu a couple ot mom lis Marx, having made
nis preparations to enlarge his bnsine-s, called upon
his little wile lor her pro rata contribution to tbe
Joint luud. To nts iniense consternation she was
unable to respond. Marx, discomfited and indig
nant and well ingh crazed with ills disappointment,
determined to sever at all hazards the connection
he nad so rashly formed. As sne was not pre
pared to snare the bnnieu, he resolved that
she should not participate 111 the profits.
He proceeded to remove all his estate, stock
and fixtures to his miner's domicile, who cordially
sympathized with the angulsn-stncKon son. His
next step was to leave tne city, Leaving word with
Fanny he would oome back only wneu she wojld
raise tbu sum ol #4oo. Fanuy, being unable to com
ply packed up uer household good uud furniture
and repaired to
HBK PATBRNAI. MANSION.
Marx, deeming this a fresh Injury, did come back,
and at once commenced legal proceedings to re
plevin the lurnlture, and partially succeeded. He
also had t he eirrontery to sue his wile's raiher for
damages lor detention, which he modestly esti
mated at tbe sum of $10,>, on payment of which ue
was willing to release tbe old gentleman irom
further molestation. Hostilities oeing thus for
mally inaugurated, suits and cross-suits be
came ihe order ol the day. Ou the 30th
oi November Fanuy had Marx brought
before Judge bed with, at Essex Market Court, on a
charge ot abandon uient. Marx, on being arraigned
betore the magistrate, promised to suppoit nis
wile, aud ho was allowed two weeks' grace to
moving ubk with a homb.
Tuesday last Fanuy appeared again, and through
her lawyer repiesonted to the Judge tne mode in
which the aruui Marx had nought to meet the law's
requirements. bhe alleged that he rented u room
and bedroom in a shanty in West Forty-sixth streee
furnished with a table, a three-legged chair, two
siools, two cracked cups aud saucers, two knives
and fonts, two damaged pewter plates, one ricket y
bedstead aud bedding to match. Tiio ornamental
aud tue a btbelle he enUrcly disregarded. There
was nothing mat could, by the strictest construc
tion, be deemed at all supeniuoiis, into tbis
SUMPTUOUSLY IUHnISHKO AHOOE
Fanny was orougUt like the "Lady of Lyons"
and Murx smilingly bade her welcome, bhe tarried
not, however, but hied away once again to her
lather's house. Yesterday was set down lor tue
hearing; at half-past ten th" case was called. Marx
Alonasn was there, and Monasit p< re was there, and
the inend of his bosom, Lett Kuski, was there, und
many more ineuds. l'uey came like all the tribes
ol Judau in the
VALXBT OP JIHOSMAPlf AT,
"If wisdom Is to be found in a multitude of coun
sellors" it. suould nave been <11 '.covered then. It
was, however, sougnt in vuid, for all were too eager
i to be Heard; none were disposed to be silent on this
I momentous occasion. For fully five minutes the
1 court room was lu an uproar, which Judge, officers
and clerks were alike powerless to quell. Ex
hausted by their own efforts they did finally subside,
the clamor ceased, and all WSs tranquil as the Head
Be.i. save a few occasional ripples excited by Fanny
and Father Monasli. The Judge then drew a lung
breath and evidently felt relieved. He told the
parties 61 the first part. Marx and Fanny, to appear
beiore linn the next day without any or their re
latives or friends, and lm would men try to settle the
dispute to their mutual satisia&tlou.
?<_,/{ h)|; the magistrate fervently ejaculailog
Deo trthiu'lsT ~o'?.
THE CONVENT OF MEBOY, HOUSTON STHEET.
As this is the season for making and receiving
gins, perhaps some ot our readers would be glad to
know where they can gratlty their mends and
please themselves by doing an act of chanty. The
young ladies connected with the different sodalities
or the Convent oi Mercy, in Houston street, are
holding a lestival In the nasoiuent ol the church,
where they have a great variety of useful and orna
mental articles which tliey would be glad to dispose
of to their irlends and others who feel interested in
an institution which aitor-ls relief to tho sick and
suffering, as it Is well known that the House of
Meroi relievos the \lajlv yyarjts yf the homeless and
uicuulcss. 1 ho iiumber oi members at present is
very large. Tliey are In great need or funds to
currr on ihe charitable work, llecont political
troubloe nave deprived them ol means lor currying
on mo work. They owe their 1 timber and grocer
large amounts and are dally feeding from seventy
Ave to a hundred perso(ls< This Is a charity uiat Is
Ueseiviug of support.
The next lecfdft la the free course of scientific
lectures for the peoplo, at tho Cooper Union, will
take place this oveulug atolght o'clock, Subject:?
"The Structure and Life of Coral Islands." bv
Dr. Adrian J. Kbeik
CENTBALIZATIOir
A Cunningly Devised Judi
cial Scheme.
New and Alarming Jurisdiction Given to
the United States Supreme Court
Effect of the Fourteenth Amend
ment and the Judiciary
Act of 1867.
The Supreme Court to Review the Decision* of
the State Courts Upon State Legislation.
Retirement of the Judges at Seventy Tears ot
Age and the New Regime?Vastly Increased
Business of the Court?Brief Argu
ments, Shirt Opinions and Long
Sessions?A "N&w Departure."
Washington, Doo. 11, iMl.
The Supreme Court or tue United states com
menced the regular term for 1871 on Monday, tho
4th lust., with a docket or unprecedented length
and importance?a result of the late war, (rum
wliloh springs immense numbers of revenue, mili
tary, navy and pension cases, incalculably Increas
ing the business of tlie federal courts and multiply
ing tnelr duties. Besides these, the land grant
and patent cases brought to adjust titles in the
Western States, constitute a sufficient number of
themselves to form a respectable docket. Nearly
all the tltlo^ in the newer states rest on patents of
the United States, whose validity and terms are
determinable by the courts or the general govern
ment, and which will require generations to I'spott
of. The Supreme Court, therefore, always a power
ful tribunal, from the occurrences or the war and
the rapidly progressing development ol the country
attendant upon the result of the strife, has be?qua
far more general and potential in ita authority
than ever before. Ten cases now oome to
this Court whero a few years ago one came.
But superadded to all tnis is auotiier source or ap
pellate jurisdiction more proline probably in tta
production of cases here in the future or the ooun
try than all the other sources together, and that la
the second section of the Judiciary act of 1807, the
object of which is just beginning to appear as the
cases coming here in pursuance ot Its provisions are
reached on the docket. By the presence of thia
class of cases it is now discovered that one certain ef
fect of the fourteenth amendment and tne legislation
nnueritlsto give tuts Court the power to control
the State judiciary and to expound State legislation
on nearly every subject, and certainly on question
never beforh considered reviewable uere; and it la
strongly suspected that to accoinuUsn this end was
the secret purpose of tho re originating the mea
sures, and that they are nut steps of an insidious
series toward the ultimate centralization of the gov
ernment by means of constitutional and legislative
enactment undtscerned by the people until dually
oonsummatea.
The ameudmeat declares that "no state shall
make or eniorce any law whioh shall abridge the
privileges or Immunities or citizens of the United
States," and the second section of tne Judiciary set
(enacted Just after trie adoption of the amendment?
provides an appeal to the Supreme Court from the
highest courts of the States in any cose where "any
privilege or Humanity is claimed under the const*
tuiion and the decision is against the privilege m
immunity." so that in any suit brought in any
State, under any state law, the party has only to
plead, whether truly or untruly, that his "pnvuegw
or immunities" as a citizen of the Unito^ States am 1
"abridged" by tbo statute or tho State and he caa
have an appeal to the Supreme Court oil the United
States If the decision ol the Stale Court is adverse te
his plea, and the lcderal Court determines wliothet
the citizen is oppressed by tho laws of his owo
State or whether in any manner Ills privileges,
are "abridged;" and thus tue State Judiciary ceases
to have linai Jurisdiction under the local oonslltu
tiou and taws, and the judicial power of the stata
has ceased to exist us a tribunal independ
ent of the federal po\yer. Nearly every
authority or sUtuttf ol a Stale abridges in
some form the natural rights ot tho ciu.
zeu; and whenever this occurs, as it must lu almost
every instance ol the exercise ol Stale authority,
or of prosecution or suit under State law, in j fed!
ertti Court has apuellgta Jurisdiction and Una! de
cision. If the prdstliute, who walks by night, the
Mho?UVOiJf'5."! aua destroys the youths qf
ih A Ring which plunders a corporation,
choose to oousider tneir rights to do any of those
things ?abridged," by tne exercise ol state author
ity to prohibit them, they or cither of thein may
sfuraf? 1,18 s.upreme Court or the United
adjudicate and determine the question ror
the state authorities, and tlie latter must submit to
such revision. The result ol all this will be that the
i Supreme Court will lay down tne law tor alt the
people, as citizens of the United States, no longer
uuuer die control and authority of the states
in whlcn they reside, except the federal
v.??" Uy Chance concur in the decision
i the state courts, and all the consequences attend
up.?.? ??>u?poal!e form of government wui?ol
I low. ine laws throughout the country will be coma
i """orm, and tlio decisions of the different states
Zli 'obgor be at variance, because the final ae
nt VhfJ h P1 a" U3U0S 01 Importance will be had
at ihe hands of the same Judges, it was well
enough, therefore, lo turn the Mates of the Union
oyer (o the actual government cf the federal Kt
eeutlve and federal law ader they nad been <ie
anu remedies?"1 tU? semblauoe 01 domestic rights
j It is too ciear for doubt that all these measure*
arc concerted, and that their cifoct was Dreoon
cclved and predetermined by the masters of^?i
^PPO'd8 from tne higher courts ot tho
S'ates have become already unprecedented: and it
was unquestionably the crowning act of this noltcv
that (see Act of 18<W reorganizing the Federal Jinn
ciary) retired the Judges ol Ihis Court ui oa iuil pav
at seventy years of sure, in this way tlrn iVlk Ty*er
and Buchanan judges must soon go. and thehr Si
places be filled by republican appointees whoso
views are n harmony with the theory underlyim?
all this legislation, and who will affirm tS
extraordinary jurisdiction taken from the .state tri
bunals aud Pes.owed upon this Court. 1 sav the older
judges must go, because by the decisions on sucn
puraseology m all acts, the term "may" is construed
as mandatory, and judicially Interpreted means
must. Hence, these Judges "may" not only re
ilr.?,aMSey?a,T yoars 01 mn Uiov must retire.
W lth the Court thus reconsrructcd and the Executive
lu possession of Its present powers the government
ceases to be federal and is composite in its charac
ter. state rlgnts iiuve vanished and the central
power Is direct, supremo and Dual.
tJ! W80 lol'?,rtee" Py Congress that this new
Jul lsdlctlon wouid so crowd the docket of the Su
premo Court that its Judges could no longer have
lime to sit at the CiicuiU Jieuee a score or so o
Circuit Judges were provided lor to attend to th f1
business ol the Circuit Courts aud leave the Supreme
Judges 10 sit mostly at Wasiiluaton, and they mav
sit twelve mouths in the year and never catch up
witn their docket, incroaslug as it is at an amazing
The Judges themselves appear to understand the
vastly augmented spuere oi their powers and work,
and six oi them have come to reside at the capital,
including Justices Miller, Field, strong and Bradley
four oi the youngest hs well as four of the voir
ablest ou the Bench, justice Bavis, the only re
maining one of the junior Judges, a Goliath in body
and mind, docs not reside here, but in Chicago, lor
whose re lie i he recently gave one quarter's salary?
I ?VKW5- A
n.ItiLna'uL^usticc a invoriie with the Bar, wliosff"
j opinions aie always reud with admiration (or their
.Karnipg ai^ WU?'?mi-jvin h?r'j!y rijraajn Jong
on ihe uciicu, fUlqjhe wlioierourt win bo composed
of young republican Judges; lor the vanerabie
Judge Nelson, now near entity, who has not ap
peared in his sear, tnis tall, only atffllw. It is said, a
i short tunc to withdraw from actlvo dul/.
B.v way of expediting business the Court has
adopted "ihe hour rule" in the argument ol causes,
formerly each counsel was allowed two hours, but
under "the new departure" the spirit ol progress
reign i, and short arguments mid short opinions,
loo, tt Is said, aro to prevail. Indeed, under the
jiress of budne.ss imposed by the new order of
things, the Cuurt will not have time to write lengthy
opinions, nor has It In the past indulged in .nucIl
except, perhaps, in tho case or Mr. Justice Clifford
who is thought by many to be rather tedious In
some or ins productions, it is greatly to be hoped,
as the entire Bar unite in saying, that In the docl
won of all question or fact tiio Court will retrain
irom writing opinions ailo.-ethcr; for although they
are bound to re-examine sucn cases, wueu nroneii*
brought before them, ami inua* a/mounce tho ludg
meni ot ihe Court oil them, asriainiv riinv ?ri llSt
sTsnces" aJ[.vbl,T,'t,0H "0llver X sueum
u.mmi.ir?,! o "UD Ullur0 a divided COUlt U
MM ftf 2hL? !?y ard llOU"(J t0 KO Into a long narra
live of whal the two sides thought or said in con
ference, pit or con, or to write opinions on i>otb
aides lu justification of the opposing conclusions.
1 ho system or tho English Courts, It l* said, wtlt
come in >ro into practlco, and cases will generally
bo decided on the chler noint intninui iq the oo*
trover*?,