New-Dork
Wee? @4§ 41
a
rn
YOL. YY YT NO.QE~{
NEW-YORK, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1871
aribmne,
“ws

PRICE FOUR CENTS.
He
FOREIGN NEWS.

THE PRINCE OF WALES
BULLETINS CONCERNING HIS CONDITION—LITTLE
CHANGE SINCE YESTERDAY.
LoxpoN, Monday, Dee. 11—p. I.
The first official bullctine concerning the con
dition of the Prince of Wales, issued by his physi
cians to-day, were the following
“SANDINGHAM, Dec. 11— Eight o'clock a. m ~The Prince
of Wales passed a restless night. There has heen id fur
ther recurrence of the graver symptoms. His state cons
tinuee precarious.”
QANDINGIIAM, Dec. 11- Noon. —The Prine is in the
same precarious condition. The symptoms arc nak
tered.”
Since the last bulletin was received, the telegraph
line to Sandringham has been closed to the general
public, because the wire was burdened with mes
sages to the Queen from charlatans, guacks, and
ofticions persons tendering medical advice.
Three o'clock p. m.—An uunofiicial telegram, dated
Sandringham, 1 p.m. Says it is evident, from the
distrees which prevails, that the last hours of the
Prince of Wales are approaching. The whole house
hold Las been thrown iuto the deepest gloom by the
words of a special messenger who left fhe sick cham
ber shortly after noon with dispatches for London.
He declared unreservedly to bystanders, as he passed
out of the house, that he did not expect to find His
Royal Highness living when he returned. The dis
patch adds that expressions dropped by members of
the royal family, and others in close attendance on
tue Prince, fully confirm the statement of the dis
patch-bearer, and it is evident that all hope has been
abandoned.
In accordance with the request of the Archbishop
of Canterbury, prayers for the recovery of the heir
apparent were introduced in the service in all the
Anglican churches yesterday. In the Roman Catho
lic churches, Jewish synagogues, and Dissenting
chapels special prayers were also offered. The feel
jug of grief for the present and uneasi
ness for the future is profound and wide
spread. Business is almost wholly sus
pended throughout the country. The telegraph
lines are blocked with the multitude of messages
sent to and fro concerning the Prince. The greatest
anxiety is manifested to obtain the latest news. The
worning and evening papers issue extra editions at
every hour. The official bulletins from Sandring
ham—which «re too rarely issued, however, to
satisfy the public demand—are posted up, as
coon as received, at the Marlborough House
(the city residence of the Prince of Wales), the
Mansion House, and the Horse Guards, where they
are surrounded by great crowds of anxious and
lent people. It is reported on good authority that,
with one exception, the Prince has been unconcious
gince the 1st of the month. The Prince's
children, the Queen, and other members of the Royal
family were repeatedly aummoned to the bedside of
the Prince yesterday and to-day.
Sir o'clock p. m.—The following is the latest official
bulletin:
“SANDRINGHAM, Dec. 11 —Fire o'clock: p. m.--The Prince
was very restless during the afternoon, but his ex
haustion 18 not fnereasing.”
The London limes to-day gave nearly all its space
to the subject of the Prince's illness and ite possible
fatal result. Several columns are devoted to dis
patches describing the manner in which the news is
received in the Provinces. The limes also gives
in detail an account of the progress of the
fever. This report shows that soon after the
fever set ia the mind of the Prince began
to wander. he first lucid interval he had was on
the birthday of his wife, the 1st of December; when
he exclaimed in a natural tone of voice: “This is
the Princess's birthday!” On another occasion, just
Lefore hia relapse, something was gaid in his hearing
abont the Queen; and he asked: Has the Queen
arrived from Scotland?! Does she know I am sick
With the exception of these bricf intervals the
the Prince bas been unconscious up to the present
hour.
#7
Eleven o'clock p. m.—The following official bulletin
was sued from Sandringham at 10 p. m.:
The Prince of Wales has not slept during the evening,
but his general state cot tinues unchanged.
en —s
REPUBLICAN SUCCESSES IN THE ELECTIONS.
MADRID, Monday, Dee. 11, 1871.
The elections for the Cortes took place to
day ‘throughout Spain, and it is already known that the
RepubMeans have triumphantly elected their candidates
In 23 of the 48 capitals of provinces aud in 43 swaller
tow HLA,
ret
ANOTHER PEACE CONVENTION SIGNED.
FRANKFORT, Monday, Dec. 11, 1871.
The Plenipotentiaries of France and Germany
signed au additional Peace Convention to-day.
J
THE TELEGRAPHERS STRIKE IN ENGLAND.
BUSINESS SERIOUSLY EMBARRASSED.
LOXDON, Monday, Dec. 11, 1971.
The strike of the telegraphers continues,
greatly to the embarrassment of the public atthe pres nt
juncture. The wires are crowded with messages. Seri
ous delays are expected in both public and private sci
vices.
rr
RAVAGES OF THE CHOLERA AT LUCKNOW,
LoNDON, Monday, Dec. 11, 1871.
A dispatch fram Bombay states that the chol
eras raging with great fatality among the natives of
Luckuow aud vicinity.
THE NEW DOMINION.
IIOW THE PRESIDENTS MESSAGE IS RECEIVED
BY THE COAL MERCHANTS.
Havuirax, Dee. 11.—The owners of Nova Sco
tla coal mines are much pleased at Recretary Boutwells
recommendation to reduce the duty on coal to 50 cents
per tun. They have hopes that Congress will go further
sud make coal frec.
en ee.
REPUBLICANISM IN ENGLAND.
£IR CHARLES DILKE—ENGLISH OPINION ON ROS
SEL’S EXECUTION—MR. BRIGHT.
[FROM THE REGULAR CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.)
Loxpoy, Nov. 30.—Sir Charles Dilke con
tinues to address public meetings in various parts
of England, and fis received everywhere with en;
thusiasin by the workingmen. He spoke to 3,000
pecple at Middlesbrough, on Monday, and was shouted
for Lis services to the cause of true Liberalism. In his
own borough, Chelsea, a lot of Torfes tried to hold a meet
ing this week to condemn him. Bir Charles and his per
sonal friends kept wholly aloof, but the werkingmen
would not. An attempt to exclude them by the ticket
¢yslem broke down. They took possession of the meet
ing by mere numbery (the Tories proving unable to half
till the hall), lected their chairman, silenced their oppo
neats, got a hearing for their own orators, defeated by a
fair vote the resolution ofiered by those who called the
meeting, and finally adjourned to the 14th of January
next. The attack on Bir Charles had slight
official “flavdr from the fact that the meeting
was called in the Vestry hall, whieh the Kensington
Vestry had granted for the purpose by a vote of 36 to 12.
I suppose that vote represents the small tradesinen’s
ideas of loyalty. They had Sir Alfred Slade and the Rev.
Derby Reade at their Lead, about neither of whom am I
nble to give any accqpnt. No doubt, a considerable
portion of the Liberal electors.of Chelsea dielike Bir
Charlee Dilke's speech, or rather dislike what they sup
pose lls speech to Lave been and what some of the
London papers say it was. Very likely o» majority of
them would oppose the reélection of their present
tepresentative, for we must remember that Chelsea is
preéminently a shop-keeping borough. To such an ex.
teut is that true that Mr. Odger found it impossible to
stand for the borough at the last general election. He
bad ir Charles Dilke’s support, and [the workingmen
were for him to a man, but Liberal umpires, among
whow was Mr. P. A. Taylor, decided that he ought to
withdraw jn favor of another candidate en the simple
Sround that be could net be alcetod while his rival could,
SPAIN.
GFEMANY.
INDIA.
Charles's COUrsg continues, and, if poasivle, InOrcancs.
The S‘andard is getting ‘impatient of mere words, and
suzzesta that 8ir Charles ouglit to be wobbed. At least
that is what I suppose it to mean, but I wiil quote the
paragraph that each way judge for himself, and may
judge also what kind of writing the leading Conserva
tive journal of England supposes will be acceptable to
its readers:
Meantime, the bitterness of the criticisms on Sir
The resnect and attachment of Englishmen for the
Royal family, and their contempt and aversion for libel
ers aud traitors, will not be silenced by the ruffianism of
a metropolitan mob. The former finds utteranco in
every newspaper, in every club room, in every howe, in
every act aud movement of national Ife the latter may
take nu unpleasantly practical form if Bir Charles Dilke
chould ever insult a party of gentlemen by repeating in
their presence the calumnics he was permitted to utter
with impunity before the roughs of Newcastle,
I aw glad to say that every English paper I have secn,
except one, protests against the execution of Rossel.
They regard it ak a useless, barbarous and stupid mur
der. The exception is The Times.. That journal eald a
good decal, before the execution, in Rossel's behalf,
aud, now that he ia dead, half disapproves his killing. Tt
thinks, however, that we must accept the judgment of
those who thought it necessary. Undoubtedly it has
mistaken for once the drift of opinion, and it would be
nothing strange if the “leading” journal of to-morrow
should think much less favorably of the judgment of M
Thiers than it professes to do to-day. 1t is to be obrerved
algo that the regrets for Rossel’s fate are by no meats con
fined to partisans or apologists of the Commune. I know of
"po English journal or statesman, or man of any standing in
public life, except Mr. Frederic Harrison, to whom either
pame could be juetly applied. The Commune, with its
dying hand, struck down every sympatiy that might
have gathered about it, and its only remaining defendera
are wen who attribute to it fdcas which uo one of its
leaders ever adopted, aud in purposes it made no effort
to carry out. In any case, Russel was no Communist,
"He wats a soldier who wanted to fight the Prussians, and
was enthusiast enough to believe that the Commune
could or would carry on the war which not ¢ven the mad
~despotisin of Gambetta was able to drive a beaten and
reluctant people to persist in any longer. He was next
door to insane on that point, but he was neither deserter
nor rebel. Indged, Rebel fs a word which has lost its
“meaning in France, or if it means anything, the most
you can say is that a successful Rebel has shot an unsue
cessful one.
The good rep-rts about Mr. Bright's Lealth are con
firmed from day to day, but the rumor of 11s intention
to make a speech to his Birmingham constituents was an
error. He remarked to a delegation who went down to
ask him, that he preferred to say nothing before the
opening of Parliament; that though his health was in
every way improved, he thought it prudent not to invite
excitement, and not to enter upon any controverted
question before it became necessary in the discharge of
his regular duties. It appears people have improved the
news of his convalescence by invndating him with Jet
tera. Mr. Bright intimated that he would prefer fewer.
I suppose there is nobody in Englaud who dielikes the
reading and writing of letters eo much. In support of
what I said about Myr. Bright last weck, perhaps T may
be permitted to quote a paragraph from The Economist,
one of thie most considerate and well-informed papers in
England:
Everybody will feel the liveliest gatisfaction that one
of our greatest orators, most imaginative pohitical think
eis, and at bottom, we firmly believe, most sengible pub
lic men, shonld be able to return to his place in Parlia
ment. Mr. Bright ie, with all Lis reputation for passion
and vehcmence of speech, a thoroughly sober, and, in a
certain sense, even conservative Jouieiah; in fact, we
should be disposed to sy that he doex not intellectually,
give half enough weight to considerations which seein
to have no root in British history, that his mind, as a
Reformer, is somewhat limited by the nolitieal ways and
methods of the country in which he 1s grown up. His
Javsence therefore, in Parliament, and his presence as an
ndependent member, will do more than i pn ele to
moderate that irritability of desire for changé which hes
attacked some of the vounger members of the paty,
and has gained a soriaiy fpfluchge also wong the people.
If any single man cah check the premature and eccén
tric attacks on the constitution which have lately sprung
into fashion, Mr. Brizlt is the man. Beside this hie has
galned all his influence by Lis thorougl-going Radical
ism: He Is known as a rather extreme economist. His
Swachies prove him to be a not nowilling satirist of the
House of Lords. He hus the Dissenter in his very blood.
Hence neither Republicans nor Econouiists, nor Reform
ers of the Peers, nor the friends of secular education
can despise his wuthority; and we may bo sure that, on
the whole, that authority will Le used on the gide of wod
eration. The great “tribune of the people,” as he used
to he called,” has mellowed in later hte inte a statesman
who, though he has not deserted one of bis old principles,
Las guinea the reputation of standjug on the ancient
ways in his mode of supporting them.
Mr. Bright has returned to hic home at One Ash, Roch
dale. Ieaw one of his kinsmen yesterday, and was de
lighted to hear that the family consider his condition in
every respect most promising. G. W. FR,
ellie
IMPENDING COMPLICATIONS WITH PARAGUA Yy—
TROUBLES AMONG THE STUDLNTS,
[FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE.
Rio DE JANEIRO, Nov.§6.—Fresh confusion
gees to have fallen upon affairs in Paraguay. For a long
time it has been rumored that the Provinefal Government,
creature of the Allied Powers, was nt meeting with that
success which had been either hoped or expected. When
the clectiou for President touk place it was generally
understood, notwithstanding lond protests to the con
trary, that Rivarola was thef favorite candidate of the
Allies, or rather, I should ery more appropriately,
Brazil. The opposition which was aroused from the very
flret has continually igereseed until it would scem, if late
advices are trustworthy, tbat wo ure once more on the
eve of exciting events in Faraguny. The majority of
Congress are violent!y opposed to the President, who is us
stoutly defended by the minority. Three of the Minis
try resigned, and on the 11th of October Minister Jorel
lanos was to be interpellated in Congress. Announce
juent of this fact was generally made by placards posted
fn ull the streets of Asuncion, and as a result the gal
1eries were thronged with the people. The interpella
tion aid pot, however, take place, but instead angry
taunts were exchanged between the minority and major
ity, und these taunts finally led to a disaster in which the
people finally took part. The people had come armed,
and shots were freely exchanged. Several persons were
killed and wounded.
Iu view of these facts, the President at once called upon
tbe general commanding the Allied treops to quell the
disorder and aid him in repressing the growing con
spiracy, as he styles it, declaring that among those who
led it were the same persons who had been the principal
chiefs und supporters of the late Dictator Lopez. Among
others are mentioned Caballero and the priests Maiz and
Duarte, Their arrest had already been ordered and ft
had been even seriously proposed to transport the most
violent mewbers of the wajority of Congress to Buenos
Ayres; but the commander of the Italian steamer, which
it was intended to use for this purpose, refused to permit
it and sailed hurriedly away. The President of the
House of Deputies with five Deputies and three Senators
had published a manifesto to the Jeople, declaring their
withdrawal from Congress, and saying further that
they did not wich to be held responsible for abuses of
colleagues who had converted the National representa
tion into a feistical club.” New ministers Lad been
appolpled at last accounts, and it was believed that the
Allied Hoops would be freely used to quell any additional
disorder. These events will, however, have the unfor
tunate result to Jettpons the final adosysent of peace
which was promised in the Regents recent speech.
Gen. Mitre, ex-Preaident of the Argentine Republic,
has arrived at Rio with a #mall party, and is now the
lion of the capital. The recent decrees of the Minister
of the Ewpire establishing more ¥iforous examinations
in the schools of law and medicine, Lave stirred up the
studeuts, both bere aud in Ban Paulo, to an unprece
dented extent. Those in San Paulp have actual) re
belied, and the general plap, both there and: here, A to
refuse to appear at the exmminations, in imitation of the
strikes which have been 80 successfu! jn Europe. Every
Sunday the students Bold mass weetings in the theaters,
muke furious speeches against the Government, snd ad
vocate revolt in the Strangest terms. To-day, the stu
dents of the law school Ban Paulo are expected to
arrive by steamer, and there will be probably some kind
of a Pulls demonstration. The Basship’ Lancaster,
Rear-Admirsl Lanmap comomanding, came into port, to
ok after an absence of a few weeks down the coast,
ng Whicy all on board bave enjoyed excellent health.
The ncess Rogent, with oi consort bas gone to
Petropolis to pass the Bummer wonths. The Diplomatic
Corps wiil soon fellow, and then thaCfashionable element
of society, which cannot possibly breathe 8 toe plebeian
air. will take ite departure.

The Federal Assembly at Berne bas decided
by a vote of 10 to 43, to reorganize the Swiss army wuch
after the Prussian model. The measure has now to re
ceive the sanction of the Oonseil des Etats, which 1s cou.
sidered certain, y
A dispatch from St. Petersburg, published by
a Vienna paper not of the highest authority, the Tages
states that three new iron-clads will forthwith
for the Black Sea fleet, and that orders have been given
to hasten the construction of the new fort at Kieff.
Count Andrassy, the new Imperial Chancel
lor of Austro-Hungary, in his circular dated Nov. 23,
says that Austris and Hungary are great enough, and
‘de not desire territoria) aggTandiscment, sud are strong
BRAZIL.
FORFIGN NOTES.
enough without exterior assistance. Austria has need
Ee La tinue thease Tora panes
«nm to nay nue same fore c
9a his eminent predecessor. en policy
A deputation from the Birmingham (Eng
land) Liberal Association waited upon Mr. John Bright
to ask him to preside at a meeting to be held in the town
shortly, and he told them that he was refusing to attend
all meetings previous to the opening of Parliament, when
be looks forward to taking his peat again, He conaidors
his health 18 slowly and steadily improving, month vA
month; ang, allow ng for his increased age, that he
pow as well as he was when he was first elected for Bir
miugham. He is evidently taking great interest in all
matters relating to local political organization, No
doubt, for some time to come, he will have to be very
careful how be undertvkes anything likely to overstrain
his nervous system,
It is said that the Pope is at present little
disposed to leave Rome. The question, however, has
been debated, and the majerity of the Cardinals in secret
conclave some time hack decided to ask His Hoh
nees to leave the eity. The Pope replied, ask
ing where he could go. The Cardinals proposed
the Austrian Tyrol, but Piux IX. refused to
take refuge on the territory of a Power
considered to he his greatest enemy. Maltawas
then suggested, but also declined on acconnt of England
being a Protestant Power, and of the inconvenient situa
tion of the sand, The Pope expressed a preference for
France, if compelled to leave Rome, hut pointed out how
dificult would Le his position amid the political agita
tions to which France is subject.
The London Times of Nov. 20, eommenting on
the 1liness of the Prince of Wales, says: It is important
to remember that this fever belongs to the class which
bave stated periods of incubation, varying very eousid
erably, it is true, and a fixed conrse of days through
¥bieh they run. In a very mild case a satisfactory
termination might he expected {in 21 Sata a
well-marked attack, such as this, cannot be ex
pected to terminate favorably hefore the 24th
or 26th day, or it may be alittle latter. Thus then bulletins
of more or less grave or doubtful character may be ex
pected, fron the nature of the ald, for perhaps ten
dayr or a fortnight longer, and it is well to know this be
forehand, inasmuch as it will tend to prevent undue
anxiety and alnrm.” Ag the fliness of the Prince begun
Nov. 13, yesterday was the 28th day of the faver.
The lat social movement in England, in
augurated by Mr. Scott Russell, has probably come to an
“end. A conference has been held between that gentle
man and the leading members of the Skilled Workmen's
Committee. Among those present were Mr. Lloyd Jones,
Mr. George Howell, Mr. R. Applegarth, Mr. D. Guile and
Mr. George Potter. The following resolution was
adopted: ‘“Taat, in the absence of any definite proposi
tion from the Legislative Council for mutual action in
regard to the seven resolutions, we, the acceptors of
those resolutions, posipone for the present taking any
further steps in regard thereto; but we are willing to co
operate with any members of the Legisiature, without
reference 0 puiitdeat party, for the purpose of improv
ing the social and industrial condition of the working
classes.”
Mr. Otway, M. P. for Chatham, England,
late Under-8ccretary for I'oreign Affairs of Great Britain,
addreseed a weeting of his constituents on the 37th of
November, on the reasons which induced him to resign,
He had felt bound to teuder his reeiguation, he said, be
cauee he felt he could not conscientiously defend the
policy of the British Government on the occasion of the
claims set up by Russia to abrogate that portion of the
THerhy of Paris which related to the neutrahzation of
the Black Sea. Mr, Otway at some length criticised the
conduet of the British Government in acceding to the
proposal of Count Bismarck for a Conference, and main
tained that the gceedlng to the demans of Russia by
Great Britain was fraught with ‘the gravest future
dangers to sho peace of Europe in general, and of Great
Britain in particular, while the humiliation wrought on
that country was the topic of comment the European
and American Press. At the close of Mr. Otway’s ad
dress, which was repeatedly Joplauded, a vote of ap
proval of ha conduct aud confidenee in hin was pro
posed hy Mr, Hilla, Vice-Chairman of the Liberal party,
seconded by Mr. Black, a dockyard mechanic, and unani
ously adopted.
TERDIBLE EXPERIENCE OF A CHICAGO VESSEL
IN THE RECENT STORM=—A SAILOR FROZEN
TO THE RIGGING.
CuicAGo, Dee. 9.—Lying in the river near
the light-house, is a vessel clad from hull to topmast in a
thick coating of ice. She left this port Dec. 3, loaded
with 20,000 bushels of corn, sailing before a pleasant
breeze, and with every prospect of a successful voyage.
Toward night snow bexau to fall, and at dark a fierce
storm of £lect broke upon the vessel, covering every rope
and sail with ice. With great difliculty the top rigging
was scenred, and then attempts were made to take in the
frozen canvas. One sallor ran promptly aloft, but in a
short time was frozen stiff and motionlees to
the cross-tree. In loweriug him to the deck
the mate and several men were bagly frost
bitten. The sensible man was revived a little by vig
orous sud long-continued rubbing with snow, but his
legs ure so badly frozen that lus recovery is scarcely
possible. The stor continued with unabated fury, the
jce-ctud vessel sinking deeper and deeper, as the waves
washed over it. The course was changed for Chicago,
where the vessel arrived on the evening of the 4th.
Lvery member of the crew, officers ar well as men, wero
mole or less trost-bitten, as each had taken bis turn aloft
to wateh for landmarks. As each came down, ke had to
he rubbed with fnow to bring back circulation to his be
numbed limbs, All of the men are suflering intense pain,
hat, with the exception of the one who was first frozen,

ure not fnially fijured. The bark, which is named tho
Board of Trade, is now having the ice stripped ofl, after
whicl sie will be laid up till Spring.
THE GRAND DUKE INDISPOSLED.,
Bosroxn, Dee. 11.—=The Grand Duke Alexis
has remained quiet to-day at the Revere House, suffer
ing slightly from ague in his face. This evening he gave
a private banquet to some 25 gentlewen, including Gov,
Claflin and Mayor Gaston. To-morrow evening he will
vigit the Globe Theater, and witness Miss Cushman’s
Queen Catherine.” Me will not start for Canada until
Wednesday or Thursday.
THE KU-KLUX TRIALS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
CoLumses, 8. C., Dee. 11.—The United States
Court, when it sentences the prisoners who pleaded
guilty, will render a decision as to which section of the
Ku-Klux law fixes the punishment. In the case of Avery
and others charged with murder, the defense moved to
quash the indictment, Its expected that this case will
ko to the United States Sapreme Court, upon the decls
ion of the Circuit Court.
w———
FIRE IN PHILADELPHIA-THE BODY OF A
SMALL-POX VICTIM BURNED.
PuiLApeLpraiA, Pa., Dec. 11.—1he explosion
of a coal-0il lamp caused a fire last night in a dwelling
on Perth-st., above Parrish, in which the body of a man
who had died of small-pox was consumed. The mother
and three children were driven out of the house by the
fire, and no one would give them shelter for fear of in
fection. They were subsequently conveyed to the
gtution-house.
Ba
RI'PPOSED CASE OF POISONING.
SYRrAcUsg, Dee. 11.—An investigation into
the cause of the death of Esop Kinner, an old and re
spected citizen, is in Progress. He died on the 5th of
November, under suspicious circumstances, The body
was disintcrred on Saturday, and poison was found in
the stowach. The Corvner’s inquest is still iu sessiol.
Roxpovur, Dec. 11.—Thomas Durgan, a quar
reyman, while under the lufluence of hquor, assaulted his
wife on Saturday night at Rack Lock, mear Rosendale,
and ured her so padly that she died on Bunday moru
ing. Dukgen has becu arrested on a charge of murder,
THE BITE OF THE OLD POST-OFFICE,
THE BITE OF THE OLD 1US1-UFIitL EL.
A. A. Low, William E. Dodge, and George
Opdyke, the Committee on Building of the Chamber of
Commerce, will soon present 8 memorial fo Congress
asking that the site of the Jusecut Post-Office may bo
sold to the Chamber for $200,000. Tt cost the Government
$260,000, of which sum the Chamber at that time con
tributed $50,000. In their memorial they allude to thelr
previous action in advancing the 960,000, their muny
services in the cause of law und order, and their devotion
and fidelity during the war. They claim that, If they
betpine possessed of the site for tue suuggpculioned, t
will be forever devoted to public use, and they Pledge
themselves to erect a building which shinl) be one of
principal arebitectural features of the city. The aite is
now estimated $0 be worth fully $1,000,000.
CRIMES AND CASUALTIES—BY TELEGRA|
CRIMES AND CASUALTIES—BY TELEGRA LLL.
VE The Hon. A. P. Grant of Oswego was killed,
yesterday, by falling down stairs and Breakin, bis neck.
Legis MoNeill was burned to death near Ger
mavtown, Penn., on Bewdey, from his elotles taking bre from s bonfire,
....George W. Palmer, a welbknown electrical in
strawens makes, was killed in Boston, yesterday, by falling dews stairs.
....Alanson C. Bedwell, late County Clerk of Sao
Juwenta, Cal, and formerly from Albbvn, Michigss, shot Lisnself yoga p
TI. Ohman, formerly a clerk in tHe office bf the
Anchor Steamship line in this was arrested in (bicsvo, yesterday,
on a charge of embesslement, Yen for this city Jast evening, in charge
of a police officer. =.L.
esa) offman has a ite to Joh
Btepben Gop, Hl sentenced to Jrapted Rak. Dee. 18, Osh
Jauuary 12, pest, on applicatien of the Judge and District Attorney, in
order to allow the prisoner time lo have the case reviewed on a writ of
error, He bas also granted a respite to James K. Kelly, sentenced (0 Le
banged ab the same Bme 88d place, sali) the 15th of January,
A FROZEN CRE.
————————e.
WIFE MURDER.
raf ala T3104 AA0T- HH
IPT
Xs
0:
lt
J
POS
CONDITION OF THE PRINCE OF WALES.
CONDITION OF THE PRINCE OF WALES,
LATEST FROM SANDRINGHAM—THE DANGEROUS
SYMPTOMS INCREASING—HIS DEATH EXPECT
ED TO-DAY,
LONDON, Tucaday, Dec. 12-8 a. m.,
The Prince of Wales, according to an official dis
patch just received from Sandringham, passed a
very restless night.
There are no signe of improvement in his condi:
tion, and death is imminent o¢ say time during to
day from suffocating attacks.
His strength is diminishing, and what sleep he
bas is followed by restlessness and inquictnde. The
chest symptoms are bad.
The Princess Alexandra is greatly exhausted. The
Princess Royal, Victoria, wife of the Crown Prince
of Germany, is hourly oxpected at Sandringham.
The groom of the Prince is somewhat worse, and
is threatened with inflammation of the lungs.
The excitement in London and in the Provinces
is greater than during the Crimean war,
THE EXPECTED CABINET CHANGES.
MR. AKERMAN'S REMOVAL TO TAKE PLACE IM
MEDIATELY CONTEMPLATED RETIREMENT
OF SECRETARY ROBESON.
IBY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.)
WASHINGTON, Dee. 11.—Matters have reached the
point, now, where (here can no longer be a shadow
of doubt that Mr. Akerman will at once retire from
the Attorney-Generalship, and be succeeded by ex
Senator Williams of Oregon. This change was sub
stantially decided upon several days ago, but has
been withheld for certain reasons, which make a
longer delay unnecessary.
The retiring Attorney-General will be transferred
to other fields, if ho prefers tc remain in an official
station; if not, it is thought that he will settle here
as an attorney before the higher courts. It was re
ported that Mr. Akerman could have received any
foreign appointment that was vacant, or likely to be
80, but his friends concluded .that such a position
would not be to his taste. It therefore seems prob
able that he will be offered a legal posjtion for life
in one of the United States Courts for one of the
Southern States,
The report that Secretary Robeson will soon retire
from tho Navy Department finds many believers, It
seems certain that he will be married to the brilliant
and accomplished Mrs. Aulick, before the holidays,
and many well-informed persuns declare that it is his
intention to go abroad in some ministerial capacity
as s00n as that event occurs,
AN ILL-ADVISED COMPLIMENT.
Fri 4 ny “7 Jed, LL
If our advices from Washington are correct
—and we feel certain that they are—many of the Sen
ators who signed a request to Mr. Fish to remain in office
are already aware of the fact that they com
mitted a mistake, Their action was Spprece.
dented, and caleanlated to embarrass both the sl
dent and the Secretary, neither of whom ‘can
now be as free to follow his own inclinations as before.
In many qayce the signatures of Senators were given
under a misapprehension, We do not mean to say they
were deceived, but they aid’ not understand fully the
state of affairs which they good-naturedly sought to
settle by outside and well-meant interference.
which the Department docs not fee! authorized to go.”
Of course it i8 evident that the signatures of Senators
to a virtual vote of confidence in the Becretary has no
such slgvificunce as though the same result had been ac
cotuplished in executive session or in party caucus, and
after full discussion. But no Senator would think of
bringing so delicate a subjoct before the Senate or a cau
cus. Yet one Senator after another individually has
committed himself to a Bapet that has the same puipose
in view. As almost all the Republican and aly of the
Democratic Senators are friendly to Secretary Fish, few
would care to refuse to sign such a paper, and thus ap
year to be in any degree hostile. Business men of
prominence are thus every day committed to men and
measures whose unqualified Support they would not
Jody have given after full discussion.
Wwe believe that the President 1s entitled to the most
awple freedom of choice as to his confidential Cabinet
counselors. Of two men who are equally hgnest,
capable, and pane, he may prefer one to the other
for a Cabinet officer because he uses red rather than
black pepper, if he so chooses, 80 long as he sclects a
man who is unexceptionable and fully qualitied he is en
titled to a large discretion and the Benate is bound to
respect it. If the President should at this juncture pre
f-r to Mr. Fish a Sccretary wore in accordance with his
own views on certain growing international questions, it
would be unwise for the Senate to Ju any obstacles in
the way of a change. It is, also, oy undoubtedly
with nn such intention—unkind to both the President
and Mr. Fish to prevent such a change from taking place
with the utmost good feeling and highest Segard on both
sides. The former has the fread, estcem for and confl
dence in the latter, if testimony from all well-informed
quarters can be depended upon.
But it is universally acknowledged that Mr, Fish has
subordinated all other Sucsu ons to those growing out of
the Alabama claims, at chapter in our giploinacy is
now virtually closed, and the Secretary of Stato must
meet guch issues as are now presented by Spain in a far
different manoer from that in which Mr. Fish has
treated them. To ask him to mar bis brillans record by
continuing in office when he must subordinate his own
views or come Iuto collision with public sentiment and
with the President, 1s to compliment him in a most
doubtful mauuer, so far as results are concerved.
I
CURRENT TOPICS AT THE CAPITAL.
OFFICIAL ADVICES CONCERNING THE HAVANA
MURDERS—THE PROPOSED ABOLITION OF THE
REVENUE BUREAU—DOINGS OF THE COM
AUIMTTE 1I']

|8Y TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE.)
Wwasuixarox, Monday, Dee. 11, 1871.
The Secretary of State has received advices from
Havana which place the action of tho Spanish Govern
ment in executing the students at Havana recently in a
still more offensive and inexcusable light. Gen. Banks,
Chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs,
has been advised respecting these particulars. His Com
mittee, however, will not take any action in reference to
Cuban affairs until after the holidays. In the mean time
the President will have in readiness for transmission to
the Committee a report setting forth all the facts in con
nection with these matters which Lave come into thé
possession of our Governmént.
The proposition of Mr. Bumner to abolish the Internal
Revenue Bureau calls to mind the great efforts that were
made only two years ago to induce Congress to convert
the Bureau Into a permanent departinept of the Gov
ernment, with a chief who should be a Cabinet
officer. At that time the President favored the
plan, and it was pushed in the House with
ull the power of§Gen. Schenck and the Committee of
Ways and Means to back it. It was finally beaten hy a
bare majority of three. Now it is seriously believed by
wany that the time ls close at hand when the Bureau
can be entirely done away with, as afPunnecessary por
tion of the governmental machine; and it iv doubtful if
a dill to make it a jDepartment, or even give it perma
nency as a Bureau, could get three votes in either House,
None of the Benate Cominittees have fyet held meet
ings, and Senators generally manifest a disposition to
allow the business referred to them to lie upon thélr
tables until after the holidays. About the only Com
mittees, which form exceptions to this rule, are the
Finance and Ku-Klux Committees. The latter holds its
first meeting, since tho reorganization of the Senate, to
qworrow. The Military’ Committee has had referred to it
very little business of importance this session. Mr. Wil
son, itaLhairinan, 18 preparing bill, in which he pro
poses to carry out the recommendations made by the
President in his message, but will not complete
it for several days. The Committee on Commerce holds
ita first mecting on Thursday. The Commitiee.en Indian
Affairs will probably ult on notbidg but a few nomina
tions before the holidays. The moss important proposi
tion to come before thie Committee during the coming
Winter will be to open tbe Indian Territory for white
sqtilers. A small Jobby ls already bere, pressing this
scheme, and it will be greatly reénforced after New
Year's. The country on the portb, south, aud east of
the ludiay Teszitosy 4 now pearlv all taken ub. and
WASHINGTON.

rallrc ads are duliding toward it in al directions. AS EO
Indiazse hold regular patents to the land in this Terri:
tory, it 1s a dificult question to settle, unless they are
willing to sell,
The House Committee fof Foreign Affairs will pay an
official visit to the Secretary of State to-morrow, for the
purpose of consultation regarding the present attitude
of our foreign relations, the operations of the present
consular laws, and on all matters likely to come before
Congress in any way affecting our foreign service and
standing, The Committee will meet on Thursday to
consider the bill to carry out the Treaty of Waslungton
and other business before it. The bill presented by Gen.
Banks, to-day, calls for an appropriation of $260,000 to
pay the share of our Government in defraying the ox
penses of the General Conference, and $60,000 for the
Mixed Commission now sitting here.
The two Texas contested election cases were discussed
in the House Committee of Elections to-day, but no con
clusion was reached. These casos present some features
entirely new in the history of contested elections. In
the case of Whitmore, Republican, against Herndon,
Demoorat, the latter holds the certificate, but a question
arises as to whether the document 1s valid. It is in reg
ular form, but appended to it is a tabular statement of
the vote in the different counties in the district, and a
remark by the Governor that Whitmore was legally
"elected, by reason of violence and intimidation practiced
in certain counties in the interest of Herndon. The
counties named, however, if excluded, would still leave
Herndon a majority. The actual vote shows a majority
for Herndon of 4,300, while Whitmore claims a lawful
majority of about 2,000. The case of Giddings, Demo
erat, against Clark, Republican, is quite different. Clark
holds the certificate, to which is attached a tabular state
ment, a8 in the other case, by which it apge ra that Gla
dings had about 1,100 majority. The Govir.ior deducts
trom Gid lings’s vote tho vote of counties where he says
there was sufficient violence to invalidate the poll, and
figures up a majority for Clark of 1,325. Thus it appears
that in one case the Governor gave the certificate to the
man who got the most votes, but who, he says, was not
lawfully elected, and in the other case he gave the cer
tificate to tho candidate who got the least votes, but who
be claims is nevertheless legally elected.
The President said to-day that he hoped Congress
would abolish the income tax before adjourning for the
holiday recess. He scems to think that if nothivg is
dome until Congress reassembles in January, a bill to
abolish the tax may not be got through both Houses in
time to stop the collection for tho present year, which
will be made in March, if the law is left unchanged. The
ways and Mcans Committee have taken no action yet
upon the subject. The Committe is divided in opinion
as to the wisdom of the repeal. Bome of the members
favor the further oxtension of the law, and its continu.
ance as long as any intarnal taxes are collected, but a
majority will, it is believed, favor immediate repeal.
Mr. Christian Piper of St. Louis, Mo., 8 member of the
National Tobacco Association, remains here, and will
have a hearing before the Committee of Ways and Means
in a day or two. He goes before this Committee with
the proposition to place each separate plug of tobacco in
a wrapper and stamp it. His idea scems to have official
favor in the Internal Revenue Bureau, and it is con
tended that very much of the tobacco sold out of stamped
boxes was not in the Loxes when stamped, and that the
consumer thereby pays the dealer a tax which should be
paid to the Government.
[GENERAL PRESS DISPATCH.)
The nomination of Chester A. Arthur to be Collector of
the Port of New-York was taken up in the Senato to-day
but its consideration being objected to it went over.
The Controller of the Treasury, B. W. Taylor, has writ
ten the following letter to Commissioner of Internal
Revenue Douglas:
“Bix: Tn my letter of 233 Angast last you were advised, that upon eon
sultation with the Becretary it had been decided not to take any final
action at that time in relation to refunding income tax paid by Siste
officers. 1 have now to sav that upon farther consultation with the Sec.
retary, as well as with yourself, it Pas been decided to refund the tax paid
by Judges of Btate Courts, on the salaries received by them from their re
spective State Treasaries. You may, therefore, transmit to the Fifth
each Judge, on the hasis above stated. This action conforms to the de.
amr nt $A Ta ha am ynut dne Lo
PROFESSOR ATKEN’S TESTIMONY CONTINUED.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Dee. 11.—The Wharton tria
was resumed this morning. Prof. Alken resumed his
testimony, and concluded the narration of his scarch for
strychnia, all traces of which were wanting. He pro
cecded to detail his analysis and tests for arsenic fo the
material which had been left after the search for gtrych
nia. The result was a brownish precipitate, a Jerton of
which he tested with aqua ammonia, which satisfied him
that no arsenic was resent. He then proceeded to ex
amine the portion of the material which had not been
used in the test for arsenic; the result led him to suspect
the prescnce of antimony; the test for antimony pro
duced such results that he could not entertain a doubt of
its presence he made no tests to ascertain what particu
lar compound antimony was present; the only certainty
was the presence of an antimonial element, containing
that particular ordinary article of commerce known as
tartar emetic.
On the witness being asked what quantity of tartar
emetic was contained in this sulphide of antimony, Le
said, that to bis mind, the quautity was not so impor
tant as the character; he never attached importance
as to how much poison was found in the stomach, ex
copt in cases where it was found in very small quanti
ties, which might accidentally get into the stomach,
when its minuteness would explain its accidental pres
ence he took no pains to determine the quaviity pres
ent, regarding it unimportant, and was proc ing to
give his reason why he so regarded it, when the witness
was stopped by the Court.
He then said the quantity could not have been less
than 20 grains; if you call the article tartar emetic,”
there were fully 20 grains or more the ten grains of sul
phide of antimony present would make 20 grains of tar
tar emetic; tartar emetic, as such in substance, was
never found in the stomach; the only evidence of the
presence of tartar emetic wus the evidence of some antl
monial element; this is not gig to antimony, but
common to all poisons taken in the stomach; he based
his idea of the quantity or Feliu of the tartar emetic
found on observation, and his knowledge of the quantity
contained in a elven weight of sulphide of antimony.
Witness was next examined concerning the sediment
found in the tumbler at Mrs. Wharton’s. A tumbler con
taining a sediment was placed in his hands ol. Dr. Chew
which he tested for tartar emetic; verified his tests, and
found not less than 10 grains of tartar emetic in the sedi
ment; he thinks the quantity was 12 grains; it was found
not less than 10; the ivcces of testing was ng
The cross-exsmination was conducted 4 r. Steele.
Prof. Aiken stated, in reply to quesions at be had no
tangible or visible substance to show as the result of his
examination or analysis; no antimony or other sub
stance they were not preserved. It was not usual to
relain antimonial products. He is familiar with all mod
ern works on toxicology, and knows of no case where
antimonial products have been preserved hey might be
Jressived, but thinks the color of the precipitate might
ye changed by keeping the witness wade no continuous
laboratory notes during the Fiore of the analysis, but
kept memoranda has not these memoranda now they
were thrown aside when he made a summary of his ex
amination vy J were not a detail of his experiments
but were notes to aid his emery; the examination of
the stomach was made in July; his summary of the ex
amination was made jn October; Le found no yellow jes
gawmine in the stomach. The witness was then subjected
to a rigid and minute examination as to the process of
bis analysis, the character and properties of acids and
other tests used, their purity, and means used to asecr
tain purity, the importance of oolor in precipitates, &c.
The summary alluded to oy Prof. Alken was his state
ment of analyms and results miade in writing to the
State Attorney in Baltiwore City Court and on which the
fudictment against Mrs. Wharton in Ketchum’s case is
based. A copy of this mary had been furnished
counsel for State in Anne Arundel County, to which the
trial was removed, aud also jto counsel for the defense
that furnishes the prosecution being in the handwriting
of Prof. Aiken. During the examination to-day, these
coples were compared aud found not to agree, oue copy
omitting part of the original statement. Application was
made for the production of the original in Burt, Durin
his further examination, witness stated tbat he could
not tell from his analysis, whether Ketchum had taken
chloral a few hours previous to bis death. This witness
was on the stand t.e entire session of the cours (five
hours), and his cross-examination was not concluded at
the hour of sdjournment. Throughout the protracted
37d gin 1 Yhessionlug of witness, Invol vin his knowl
ge and 8 59 OH TRAIT Vick) t, ev: uror gave
earnest and undivided atteution. ory)
The Federal Assembly of Switzerlaud has passed
a bill legalizing elvil marriages.
....Madam De Padres Flury, wife of Sefior L. A.
De Jodces Plury, Becretasy of the Brasilian legation, died in Washisgtlos
on Banday.
....Ahram artford, 59, was
yoteria), by a ids oh walking AA tack of a Ted,
Hartford Rajlway.
pew rooms ie Chicago removal of Stade oeetpied their
ave. Methodist Gare was completed yestenlay.
The stockholders of She Hartford Fire In
Selency ry fio i dy A Ist of January. ad
i 5.Georgo B. Foote, 8 noted Dutchess County
boing rors So in Poaghbeepsle Jes enter, R. ba the owser of the
ou ate,
Baron It in a private letter toa friend i
Washington Cos bo energie ok pio 1) btlewi
Rhine. Defers Mis deporte the United Btates, friends In W'
tou. Baltimore, New-York, and Beaten, subsenbed 02.05
fn uner 19 preset him with a Bei onisl THERA last tui Suisted
DC the alte anes of the United States and Prussia, mht
of tie friendship Lp big two coantrie> It bears the hiowig ine
scription: Bares the faithful rapresentative, whose private
charactor and friendship for the United States command the respect of
he American seanin”

THE WHARTON TRIAL.
nt
TELEGRAPHIC NOTEAL
PRICE FOUR CENTS
TE
LJ
HOW THEY ARE SWINDLLD IN PORT.
OUTRAGES ON
A SYSTEM OF ROBBERY BY SHIPPING AGENTS AND
BOARDING-HOUSE KEEPFRS—EMIGRANT ROB
BERS OCTDONE—TIIE MERCHANT MARINE
DEMORALIZED~STATE LAWS DISREGARDED—
A GENERAL SHIPPING ACT DEMANDED A
CHAPTER FOR CONGRESSMEN.
There is pending before the Committee on
Commerce, in Congress, having been carried over from
last session, an act entitled the “Bhipping Commission
sioners’ bill,” to which it is eminently desirable, in the
interests of commerce, that attention should at once be
directed. It was unanimously approved by the former
Committee on Commerce, and would have been favor:
ably reported bad it been reached. It will be brought
up before the House at an early day, and immediate
action upon it asked by the merchants who
suffer in consequence of the failure to pass it.
It is intended and is calculated to bepefit
our merchant marine seryice by raising the standard of
ita personnel. It will take out of the hands of the lowest
class of keepers of sailor's boarding-houses and shipplog
agents the power to detain vessels in port for want of tho
crews which only they now furnish, and place the duty
of supplying crews and licensing sailors under the direc
tion of Government Commissioners. It will no longer
leave the vessels of merchants at the mercy of the muti
nous crews which tlicse shipping agents place upon them
at their pleasure and it will relieve seamen of the cor
rupting influences ashore which demoralize and muko
many of them worthless on shipboard.
While the wrongs inflicted upon the great shipping
interests of New-York by the Health Officer, the Port
Wardens, and the Harbor Masters have engaged the
attention of Tue TRICUNE for some time past, these
outrages upon sailors have not been forgotten. The
injuries inflicted upon capital by public officials are not
more heinous tian the robbery of a friendlese sailor, and
the blame in both cases rests with the Government and
the ship-owners. A concerted action of the Iatter, with
the support of proper legislation at Washington, would
correct many of the evils which to-day harrass our
mercantile marine. Tho present State statute for the
protection of seamen 18 practically a dead letter, as all
find who bave recourse to it for justice. The best legal
ability in the city, sustained by the Seamen's Friend
Society, has utterly failed to obtain, under this law, the
“conviction of the most flagrant offenders.
The sailor is generally deprived of the choice of
"a boarding-house by the runners who, in gangs, board
tho vesscls in the bay, and, with that rivalry which Is
supposed to characterise the industrious agents who
knock their men down and engage them before they
como to their senees,” secure every wan, with or with.
out his consent. Almost invariably tho sailor loses al)
the money received for the voyage through the robbery
of the low boarding-house hirclings; he then losca his
advance money, which is swallowed up in the chargrs
for services never rendered, and finally he loses the right
to sclect his next voyage, for the boarding-bouss-keepar,
acting as shipping-agent, sends him wherever hel
pleases,
SAILOR BOARDING-HOUSPS,
The low and boarding-houses to be found along the
streets in the vicinity of the North axl East Ittvers, unin.
viting as they are, present many attractions for the sailor
after a long cruise and the dreary life on shipboard. His
first feeling of freedom from the confinement of his floating
prison makes him rash in the selection of lodgings, so
that the glittering sign-board aad the red-cuttained win
dows of tho combined tap-room and parlor, easily entice
him. There is a show of hospitality, a surfase appear
ance of comfort, an air of freedom about the place, which
promise present gratification. Although the houses on
which notices are displayed that sailors are entertained
therein are generally not the clcanest or the most pieas
antly located, this fact appears of small mo
ment to one who has just finished a long
voyage. If the sailor endured the damp and smoke 0
the forecastle for 8x months, surely he .is not aly to
find fault with what is to be his abode for as many a
If twenty men and boys could board and lodge in the
confined place he has just quitted, he will not grumble
upon being put inte the room containing six donble-heds
which at night is pointed out to Ba. For $6 to +0
per week he will have three regular meals each day, and
ot coy hour he may “pouse his spirits up by pouring
cimon of the Sapreme in toe case of Day agt. Bullington, beyoud
Rpirite down,” an inducement which has very great
welcht,
The appearance of all the low sallor boardmg-louses,
externally and internally, #8 much the same, and a gen
eral picture will rerve for each individual case. The ex
terior of the building is generally painted a dull lead
color, or a dirt, u~—iu one iustance blue--and it mat
ters little how hh the house may ho, there are glways
fonnd the same small windows with the usaal flimay cnr
tains flapping within. The name of the establishment
with that of the proprietor jectibed below, is digpiaved
npon a swinging eign, which on windy nights disturbs
thie sullen stillness of the street by its ceaseless banging,
“The Sailor's Retreat,” “Our House,” The Ruilor's
Welcome Home,” The Jolly Tar,” Mother Carey’s,”
or “The Flowing 8ca Inn,” ask a share of sailor confi.
dence with a presumption which is as brazen as its hos
wd afterward proves unsatisfactory. Tue
alls and Jlanding-places are, with scarccl
an exception, uncarpeted, and the visitor or lodger a
ushered therefrom into a low room. the floor of which is
either strewn with sand, or at least covered with hemp
matting. In rare cases the scene is varied by the “office
being placed in the basement, and in ‘temperance
houses” the bar is Jpproaciul throueh divers ny sterions
freca doors. These houses do noi, however, exceed six
n number among this class of s.i'crs’ lodgings. The
ceiling of the bar-room is oie fluttering mass of tissue
paper, which, hanging in many-colored festoons, centers
around the tarnished ochendelicr. The walls are
adorned with prints representing battles by land and
sca, and highly colored pilt-Tfromed PSiures, Slsplaying
the charms of *“Bweect Allee,” The berman’s
Daughter,” or The Girl who loves a Salior.” Shells from
the shores of the Mediterranean, together with beaded
elippers and gew-gaws from the North, are upou the
mantle standing in the corner my be seen the Jawa of
shark, or a sword-fish, while above, on a bracket, are
rome delicate trophies from the Orient. Each picture,
each trinket which appears only in mockery of home
like comfort, haa its story, often of much {intercst,
Although the sailor regularly freights his chest with
Joresenig meant for his mother, sisters, or intended wile,
1 13 seldom 80 adroit a blockade-runner as to smuggzie
his wares threugh the boarding-house to their destina~
tion, for the unbounded admiration which the
“missin” of the house bestows upon them gone.
rally secures for herself and children the lion's
shui», The thip-model, rigged and painted manof
wur fochion, which graces the top of the bar ie
claimed by the son and Jrostupiive heir of the estab
lishment, but it was fusbioned for and Fired to ane
other hubby little boy living in some quiet village hund
reds of miles away. The clock hanging over the
+s cashier's’ desk inarks the wrong time, aus if ashamed,
juttounded with so wuch fraud and fiith, to record the
ruth,
“JACKALS.”
The bar-keepers and porters of the sailor boarding.
houses have hy no iweans an uniw portant part to play ia
the drama. Holding wenial positions us they do, they
are found by the proprietors to be of cxcelleus service in
ingratiating themeelves into the sallor’s confidence, and
frequently where the landlord is utterly powerless to
induce the sailor to drink the porter will carry the day,
Amon) themselves they are therefore known as
“jackals,” a name most fittingly chosen. The arrival of
a new boarder is followed by the usual eourse of lutox
ication and the apparent disregard of all exvense on the
pn of the landlord. When at lust the sailor, retaining
arely consciousuess enough to make the request, asks
to be shown to his bed, the “jackal” takes him in
charge. Krom tiat moment the Javdlord holds
the “jackal” personally responsible for the
money then in the Fonsassion of the aallor.
After ascouding soveral flights of dirty, rickety stairs,
the lodger is shown into a small, dark room, generally
unoccupied. If any oue else be in the room, he is either
L
ingratiating themeelves into the sallor’s coufidence, and
frequently where the landlord is utterly powerless to
induce the sailor to drink the porter will carry the day,
Amon) themselves they are therefore known as
“jackals,” a name most fittingly chosen. The arrival of
a new boarder is followed by the usual eourse of iutox
ication and the apparent disregard of all exvense on the
part of the landlord. When at last the sailor, retaining
barely consciousuess enough to make the request, asks
to be shown to his bed, the jackal” takes him in
charge. Krom tiat moment the landlord bolds
the “jackal” personally responsible for the
mouey then in the Brom ps of the sallor.
After ascouding soveral flights of dirty, rickety stairs,
the lodger is shown into a small, dark room, generally
unoccupied. If any oue else be in the room, he is either
“in the Big ov glapeded by liquor so as to Le safe.
The sailor is then assigned to »'dirty cot, and the porter
lcaves him until he goes to sleep, taking care to fee,
however, that there are no means for securing the door,
and thus defeating jhe Jurpouvs ul bis second visit,
When the establishment bus quiet for the night,
the “asus nolselessly up the stairs, ap
proscbes the door of his victtw's room. Doors never
creak under these circumstances, and as the thief enters
the room be incurs little danger of discovery. Not unfre
quently, however, he carries a pitoler of water or a towel
with hin, 80 that in case of tion Le can ido, the
approbensions of the awake lodger by ag bim
he had Juredtten [7 bring them before. bawevur,
ne ners oase, sallor soundly,
ud Hx without further precaution, ynoe rifles the
pockets of his lodger’s clothing, and seeut roll of
money which he is always to place under is pillow
or iu the toe of his free. Ns uently when is
carried the money 4 in a bel w r's
waist. This Lact soueralil: sar ho vor, ad
“all that is neorssasy is to the victim W
the belsds readily ous open behind and the eeln pours
out into the hand of the 3 po
The sailor, upon awakening in the Ing, procoed to
count his wages, and at ouce discovers hip Horror
stricken, he rushes to the landlord and tells ns story,
An alur is at once ralsed, several are,
arrested aud of course discharged. The is very.
careful 10 uscertaln from the sailor the ameunt of
bis loss, s0 that ke may be sureeof Rees
swount from the thief, If the bum lo very 1a ko
ofeckal’l goes to a hoaes at whieh thelt is
0 Jetection, and there remain until the Galler has sh
ped or hecu “shanghajed.” SuSULSs him
eM esses pk agp Whta 1 dats rae
whea n
the same act is omes back a the sallor gets no more
satisfaction. a
SEYSTER LAWYERS.
There are three principal “shyster” lawyers, whoea
business is conned almost allogetifor to sailors, Theeo
wen are all in league with the runners of the boarding.
Sco Eighth Page.

wp