W nmiTY-XlNTlI YEAR. NKW YORK, MONDAY, NOV ISM II I.?, 1871. PRICE TWO CENTS.
S1IKIN PLYMOUTH CHURCH
UKsttr in t.vnmt'n MtR.iiax
MLX1 01 tilt! IU.U!.
Diitlurle of Appuumc fr inn nn Immenio
toinrrrunllou-l.cl I'lrr bci luuaht with
rtir "lie ICi Unions Pin I uf the Coiuniu.
nil T tiulllr of tbe I'nllili Inns' I'rnudi.
Novcr in tbo history of Plymouth Church has
liie ifidoM building been so thoictichlf packed as
h wit list Bight, lor ttia Inhabitants of luo tiro
llllei bad learned Hut .Mr. nrechcr was to pruich
ins of his chanc'cnslie ee ruioas on public affairs,
ind kr.aw Hell tual the earnest and eloquent citizen
i ouid not lill. In flew ol recent ev euti. to make
I Ibe curmpl pulitklans of the two sister cities serve
is tils li. ml tlTicl o illustration. At a few luliiulcs
list 7 o'clock the l.ouic vtut full, at half past mere
Ibun l.'i-V turn and i nun trot despaired ol gaining
x.lun.i u, and Lad reluctantly turned away.
TLe -eiviceo uf the liming were oicued with tho
res H. .1- ol that part of tho 1 Ji'i cnapler of 1. Kinzs,
which tills of tho meeting of King Aliah Willi tho
propitt Elijah, tto challinio ol Uio latter, the
41m un.fl ure cf tho 450 prophets of Uaal, their death
It ti e hands cttbe people, and Ilia fluil.l of Klljah
lo tha entrance of Jezrcol, and thence tttlo the
wilderness, wnere ho ait under a Juniper Irco and
frayed t' a Lord lo tare his ll'e.
Iben followed a brief hut lervld prayer, In whlrh
tha Amlgely was petitioned lo Increase tUu knowl
SJf.e, the aardratlons, and the faith of the peoie
aad to quicken the divinity thai Is will. In ibein to
mats the Church wise to discern tho slgoa of tl.e
limes, .n 1 tu tescn U.o people lo take told and
t tints the temple and buildup society on sore
foundstluns of truth and morality and In allusion
to the tlilcazo flro audita result In drawing forth
the rtetlili of tympntn) that has been developed, the
petitioner thanked God for the beautiful evidences
ol me recplc's greatness and lenderuess of Lcirt,
pravlna that these nllrlbulrt if rioblllty of soul
tnlgul never 1 e weakened, but sltrnz'.hed with time.
1 Hi. KUOIIMATION IN TUB DKSttlT.
Aller II e choir and the couzregation hi I sunt the
I, 'iltlli hsii n i f the Pljiuouib Collection, selected,
no duiiU, became of lu ueing in keeping with the
lone of the sermon, Mr lli-coher luld his lijnitl
book down among the flowers uikiu Ihu staud at hi
tltfcl, and advancing to tho frout of the platfur.n
Ifoke subalaulialiy as iuliows
The story told in tit chapter which t litre rest to
i ion Is tie taeiue on wbicu 1 think tt proper for me to
I prsacli to mint. Ui,der Km; Abab there was great
I corruption In the nation orer which he ruled. All
manner or evil was done, all wss totten. The na
Hun w.s In dancer, buddenlv there came l Paroxysm
of rt viv il tual InrealeneJ to a weep away trio abomi
sat oi tirtrer. Ihe lict n In public crimes, and
II. e leader were drilroieil. For the Hour the Hs
douln I the Wilderness wa at heal. He w:
the cynosure of all tneo'a etes. Kl)ili Lad obrured
ti e Kinii. And )et, aller III" ttluuiph over vil amy
and fraud ami corruption, when Jezebel sent nim
wold unit he too tnrsl uli, he t.m airoas country tu
the wildtrress, hid under 'Juniper bush and whined
forth n piaur tual the Lord would tiko bun Irum
the rarin I
Ti st w Hie end of lhat reformation, an 1 wn.it a
piFLtlld test of warning ag itnt
1 srt-U"mc iteroKM.
k When the mnr.il tnie.li, ure of the poop's Is orran-
r iej Xitr C"iitirUnii' flwi ticaini the presd ni esli,
and not till t. ten, tno t rot .ut ul itiurtn willscvrn
to rnn lr'm ll-e lac o' I. r mrt- j-i.
Nua 1 ulsu to spe, pi.iimy oai t' rodotnt'tion
of the bal'ot. Mencinnot inwcr Hie end ol their
crration except under a regular sutermnent. lor
the Uooraiil sara:o the o.-ly Korerninrnt II an abs
lule u.onarcnr. Wuen men are beglnnliit to rnw
In Intel 'gerco tliey require an .ir.siocracr. Wr.cn
I tti liuse become intslllient and rcflncil they shoa.il
bate lepuilicaii Kurcrnuienl, an lutjiciion or
1 dsmocricy. A libral ilemocracy, eicocl only
In a small commuultr, Is an Imposilbllity.
There rnu-t bo ome n elhoj by whlca luoo widelr
eepsritie.l im express their feoilmsnts on publi
shers. I'l.e be i e msll expreM their will by Pal
Kt, and nils exprthtlun shall orauize into cuvern
rnent Tlie bal ot It ti.e unit ol government, its
Inula) force. II Is In te lullol Ual tho popular "III
bxms lo 1.4 c eflset, Ii cii'jkcM il Is woilhli'-,
like tre choked cninn. ti'ii'eh noweier teller" a
ircei' biec:ianiin. is u "i lo. ti nt.ru h.'ciuiu it
(C.nji'l.Tc power Is Ime.l d or .:o-lru)i-J.
UuW A NAIIO:, l Oil.. 1 1l.
Tt ballot cannot suffer derauceinent. II ion
strike ii with dlitaie, li at uleao is uf tl.e he i
tle'c is tio other place so lull 01 ll'e. to lull ot
dtat:. lo coriuit it Isloccni'lt toTerhment 1.,
lae rv Eerro.
Ha as to the dan;era that threaten the ball l.
1. Weak ..nd ttr.iitanl toilnii, lu lime of war.
and In tne seitlcmenl ol ery delicate qus ilon-uf
icuv rniaintal pottey, Ipni rani oilnB Is d-ineeiou,
uii.lhiiybofil.il. In ls linpurlant eiuerneiicis it
may not be auv more turn a leuapurary trivial ivil.
Aim I aa here wltu ilnuiiait that our truUulon do
c..pi.i.a .r. oi iCLftran.v -t tl. I oil-, b,i; i,...
et a'.ie'ui, iiuxcurab', w.k4 Uri'kjhs orln1i!fr
enco o' iiilellUciit, relined, ninl rellmous in u Ii
lsnit.it the i oltom uf rui'if'y that we sban flu1
the causo ol Hie enl, but at iLc vei lop. lensa
tiun 3 The nest dancer Is I rem wicked votln. thve
bad men see k by rurrupM in lo rln p.iwi r t i.u.t.
the bullt'i boi. Now i. tsu ineu h .ve the vci mi
rljnl to eek t ieir tn 1 as yon h v 10 seek i -i
Hut tl.cwrouu lie. in tbelr ettorl to nrirlirun all
thai is sckuowluJiod lo be Kood. anl lo
St'DSIIICtE TILLAINT I0 IIOXCTT.
S. I's-ionHe nnd tll-ronsldcied volln is am'! er
daiutr Men vftilnc under excitemont mat d ny
In li hour what it hat required alios to cs'ub.isii
This is one leasou why uur nyqtem ol duub o votmir
bas Ik -ii adoptel, lo make men sole safe, to else
tverr vo er uuie that he mi) voiewlib ma belter
self after due consultation.
4 A fourth daniter lie In lnubordlnat vollny 1
tl.it is wi eio the tote may Lo taneii or rejected lu
o'ir Kvoinmcnt the n.oj irur must rulu, una tho
ciinouii must sub.nit. It is your rirht lo iu.e
cur way, if )0U cm If jou cannot. It Is lour dut)
to ue:d an I alt for rur next turn.
To work achanre In tho conslcuon ol the clt'zon
Is the un'y wiy to i'riene n republic lu Niuti
Aiiu iit'i sotniy sett en LOtmnr, because tut cluain:
of II. i' poll" is alwais
THE UL rua A RSVOLI'TIO
of tle deteated oulb 'i2u..st tl c vlefltu ins
5 Au. t ler :ut '..i t'er n in vhui.I volnii Tbo
sa t nt a vote is a deitth nluw. The simplest phito
sop y t'-acues tint nothing is more corrupt linn to
lu. I a voio lor luteiosl ur lor money. An evil su
cu'iitn n, so sl.iriniiii:. requiros wpaiaiu dlscussun
ami t par ite man jpemeni.
Ke of sou, my lriend, would be cullly ottaklnl
monet at tho polls; but there are men Jul s
tu i i. you, who liaienot hcsiUieJ to sell ihelr
1 roles in tr.o l.u:is'a'ure.
'I lie .liCerenue beiwien the mail bribed at the
pulls nut i ii i' man bribed ut Albany Is nnliil, a Un
IsreiHv in iTice. 'ihu Albany man. huweter, is the
frej. r r s al. for l.e It is tut, nflvtu'ufe uf a-sl n -tnr
ul (os'tion; ami it is to be proumed liul
on.t ti.e lauurunt and debased VLtcr w ill sell lnmsil
in In- snl fur 111 ney paid In hand. 1 need nut ty
tl it i is as piuper to ruiae mono- f r an eiettiua
eau ,p,.. sn as ior the printing and distribution o
THE rbRCUASE AND SUB Or VOTES.
Ihil tlie lino ceases to bo honest when carried be
ji 1. 1 ,o le.lliinale to.iu of kihi-k inf ruin Ion lo
li s 1" n lu lluro are souie men who luik upon
iliiir wis it a treasure good only for money at
el. it u nines. These aro Hie men who are bought.
'H i uitfih to which this crime of role buvin; and
so o e l.us has been carrlo I already bids filr lo lu
si. ti-us in ruin. Let as baivare I II the evil Is pot
c'i ,rd we snail surely amis uner the wclht of
Cornu't un villi wnlch ills lo.dliirus.
i. 1 ampoi inn Willi voters is a lixili danger The
if'S v i o ui to'inir, whoiher by Intimidation or
ri. tin- klLtlluK of ballot-boxes; the chaiisuiK of
V an a.,s bhlu all, the mil rioll ULI ul cuunt
H iiaiticer) amuni us, sre usurpations tint
siii' U' I tu treaaun. '1 he mill who IHcEally astu lies
I '.nor i.reit llrila.n is uotone wnit nioro u
Ii-. r ihu one whit lias deserving u truitur'a dun n,
I' n i to perpetratos a liaud al un olccilon. fits
ti ii. s
TUEA90N TO nil GOVEHNUENT,
snl i ,irs tie samo rolatiun to II as coun
'X ai.J (nrjern lo the honest work
i r j. inner co II Is pricucod III wuil
'ul, 'lUir.ct ufur d.sfn l. and by p.nl
luw do we invel lit H'o fiht llru
ii' l'i ruie corruutiou we practice corrup
I i ini, triors are buimlit and nought aeain.
oiij .1, mid snaili uouirnand their unci
A 'i j .ou.uaui tarty Inn boon suilty o. I ,v
7 I oi-ne to 'Ui' irrealst diirarsr of' nl',
l 'i rv. lilse (OunliUi. ballot box tul-
L i (i.o i. In but 1 cbarfu louihill.i-
t u.o mil i a tie ,ndo'e.'ioe .mil
I, 'leedueitd part of llm communiti.
nt u iiamorous ao wiekej, su o ir
l always itrivi to set uusiesiion l
ir. ilui I me always douu u. Tho
.r ti nt i ice bu here m our eoniiirj
n ul Hie pne lines antss Hi sai.h
SI U T I'MMUirPD WKXLTU,
i iMet In) tpi.i tit. .or aur -'.m nnd
i ILt UiOU .(l'i, l.i'l irl.io'i' inlull
1 i l'i si 111 t i ati i t ei bi- e'llt Hid
.a)s li y lo ta n po'nv i .ii i r esi.
i 1 1 'i i i nr to s have always uircioiuor tleil sl
el a'l Solt. 'lliu pwer Ol fuiern
I,. villi till t'KiU'Knd Vital lllterH-ta,
J" 'iirti i ui.d HiuiisaLds of othi iH, is uu
i' i i iikiiIi d for The nan In powir liai
rT, "e in Ins own heads and can mmltu
a mems to subsorse Ibeui, Ills op
ponenl strives to wrest tnis power Irom Mm, "n l
I o has his party at his back to olscu Mm w. r tho
Imrrense illttrlbutluu of public palrunifo u.t be
at ms disposal.
'lliiiKreal minejod Inslllullins havo a power H d
s tjs!T,rct.triTi Maitnniti iiitai. tA.uk'5f I.t.i
and Hie thcr cleantlc railway rntpotslions of to
cnumri, thai can walp legislation hi will 'I l.e)
cmi luurh the bail' I in the lnol slul part. Is there
bo i u'uti (o be t xpe. led fiom totiL
Uul, thank (Jodt altiioush tho- have
COIlSUPTtb Tllfi JCblClAXT,
we can Inok hsr a to Hie I In e when slavery hsd nsr
coined the country, anu wi.eo we rose and de-
li I It lluDiaii na' ite Is not dead yrl.
Yes, we l ave much to fear from thee gigantic
tnoneved Institutions more than we feared from
s.aitry.
It.e b'ltle or the future Is to bo the battle of cold
Ld iiltct. Whit csnstind such sloies, such boai
barduient. such ssipinf m.l mlnlnr, as money can
II reulet, ns wllhsl I And whet, the billot la men
aced by ii at power, wl en It becomes stronger and
bc'dtr, It behooves tis to trerarc fur a war atalnst
out icsfltu'luns such as we havo little dreamed of
Ii Is ti 1 1 to think It Is high time tuat the In
dlMti.is of lbs li fined, Ihc vdutnted, and Ibo rr
Ii ti" tenrle of tho coinmutiltv shnnld be chance I
m'o he u.ut Intense Interest in ths aaleiy of tha
bal.vi. lo the poor man
l u k maiiT to tote is a row er.
It Is r'lei'lalU stcii lo li e or foieiuner, wi n in
1 1 own country has nevrr bed a'.i ,il d the Ire-.
Uiin' iriMlrse. Tuuus.t'itls or tui naliio burn
criz.us inf to rl.n.re tr.clr ticlii "Ley do u"l
intimate ii at its value. '1 lie evil docs nul stop with
tl. missives. In lluia Hieytench Hie whole comtnu
Bitty lo despise Ihe ballot. Thev give tone lo socl
es. I'hiir scr.lln.ei t lesvei s thai of ire second
class. That. In turn. Influences Ihu sentiment of
the mxl; and so, Itisio influences coins down In
yradatloiir, tl.e sacred r tln ol sufiraze is neclccted
bv all save the demsaoxues and tbelr pliant tools,
who soon, as wu halo arcu, got us complstdy in
ti.cir puAer.
1 litis mzy and Indifferent men are
KHltr of fals. hood and treason. Their
defection, and uot tho knorance of
voters, la what in perils the ballot. Had they
alwais acted like l.ou.n, brave, manly clllzonr
bad they always borne wltin-a ol trelr Inteiesl la
Kood (oterninent b) vliiiie to secuia it, there
would nol be so mourntul a perisrsily ul the
ballot today, lie excu .a tee) make aie on.
wi rihy of loon. T' e cannol eoio in ur
tact with ths unwahe.l I Tber would be
U Cty fLTi IN DOMIC CANPbSSTICtlS.
For shsniel And )rt Ihiso same u en are wllllcE
lo work for money. Tney will strip to tile buff, mil
dehc and dlic In dirt, so lune as irom the walliw
ihcv can btliik' forth gold, vet fear lo rub up tui n-t
a fellow man whoso bands are tuny -nil wbuss
coal shows signs of weir.
1 liey wuulo rntbtr sit In their rrv parlors, or
dawdle st the 11 lib. Ol !ii In liual N 1 1 It slim, tUall
spend ino Hour la the )rar In living to wrest the
govin.ment of a great cliy Irom Iho bands of
tnleite 1 Waa there ever an) ll.lni: more unworiby
ot linn rood f They wblna and tell us thai It is
uaeiess lor decent men to vote; thai thedvnisiiiiu.s
hsie eicrylbing cut and dried, lots l t.ie Ii.k o
luuls. Wuydidyuu nul cumo out suuuer, b, u.e
the dtmago-ues and Ihlsves took iho ponei froai
)our lazr 'inn.ls
Cancel goud men combine as well as bad men
Cm yuu s ly It, and nul b uli fur Ibe inunrlt) ol
ocr tuanhuod, tint uin cannot do mtro, Inspirot
b iho hlglical and purest mollies, ll.an by the
basest I That. Insplied by villue end pattlolUm,
youcmnot do stle.isl as much as Ihe wiotcb whose
onlymoilve la
cuttD yon GOLUl
Tne virtue and purpose of uoud men can carry
evrrtif.lng, You uru like men at sex in a ship
a leak, wLo are so busycouiititigllieirfuturet.ru.
Ots they cannot spare the lime to atop the leak un 1
I ke tl.em you will loander, as )ou descrtr. Your
beuso Is on Qre, but yuu cannot spare
tho time to put tt out. II )0ii don'l. the fire will
prctiy sureiy put ou out. ll.iumur.l Your ene
my Is comlnt down upon Juur Hank. You i avo am
p.e loice to loll I Ini, but your lime Is precious, and
awsv )i Ufo in JsjaowJcicua ruutav Ilirc-s-m had
the chance to crush uut the Ihinzs Inat have run
up yuur Isxes especially your Itinz tales
b'tt teuanaai i.U CCV 'aUS) JU tel t lu t'ttsvSb COl.-
tlnue lo steal, iiid then toil groan and clival, and go
into pariuerstup with the drill to r.tt Hie div..
dends. tlrial laughter and arplause. Yon
want ol Industry, patleme, and i.lrluiiem
has corrupted the opinion of tho common pcoti.e
and there i where yuu are to bezlu )uur rctuim
Yuu must nut squesl lor a vigilance commute
when the ciisis tomes. Py dung thts loolish
and wicked thing )u Iry to coniprotulio wltn ti.e
cotnn uuliy you Pave betrated Willi )nur laziness.
be worst Iblnz lor you lodo Is to to into Ihe
buslntss of troinl'cuous musing Iho silckej
oiement w 1,1 soon learn the roues, and al trob vio
lent e tin y m.l ceiianiy J rote )uur siip-r.ois. Tl a
iiewapaiers that dale toumelled tue forma, ton of
vlgl'ance eoo'O'liUes are
oii.il era or nt uocnoe,
'lie uianwii ouol i i' lur una mode of curing
HII e il ..e Liu, atll llaa lit Ipetl lu C.,U"V shaold havu
liia touxuu lu wilier lu lu uicuiii. No, a inoii
relurin cunsi-l not la claiming ;he scene ior a
tune, ni, leavi-'ig tlie old nitl'ieiues uu
touO.cd Kliiih ki.lv I the 130 pio.bu'.s down
at t.i irook Ki-boii. but 11a.. wis not tuuie n i
toe re uiiuei i,,ik to t. u wooj at the wuid ol a
Jezebel and lid uuder a juniaer tree, llail he re
u.uved ite muiuidc lufiuemca that crettod tne
n ouster of ms wrath he would hue doue be ter
ler Hie leuilr and snieJ bluiktll luu.b anxni,
nid motilU.'a ion. ltefunn will eomo when Ibe
w.ole euiJiiiiuiiit) la lined up and brongat to an
a'reemt nt Jtelorm must bo pit (cnt-d in ino uouse
liuoi, lUu rchuoliouiu, and liie iliureh. lr yuu liauz
i t r n.a w o Lb- 1 1,,., 1 or t, ti'.eJ a U lae. w tl,
lipt eeeurc relaiuif t ,1 i; nut irs uert".
sary lo keen in iiuuulrg wiicn )oui
on party la In tho nscendsut You
kuow t lit promiue'il men cf al, pal lies havu bought
and sold v, ie ai,,t)uii know, too, tl al il uiv t'ov
uliiiou ol Hio coumr, iiirroa eJ us r..plu.y aa loo
vo'o-, wo si oa'.d soon li ive little roo.u lur uur io
lie. ILaUihter.l
llRiIiktl I1AT ni to.su 0PR1LT,
and Is so ilouo. On uur s, lo e bribe by distrlbut
lull. em net le.t our aller laylug flvillo:. ix
pe o. II Istbc Devil's work, nu matter who does
it
If you use luonei to "ecu re votes vou belong to
tha old parly, are nul reiauuers. Uur u&iies must
uu longer tr scrambled for, but must bo irlieu lu
Luud lien. Our civil aeivlco is a elanding lineal
agilnsi our liberties, ami If Iho sjituii is inmli
longer suppurieJ our goicrnmenl caunot uiiiutalu
lite. I.
MJDLE wonns.
The Administration uiuat relurin the ilrll ser
vice l.very cut mi houo Is now a bribery shop
and heat i) uli the uther ufticisare uuniniut: uud
(leadening lo tho national conscieeea,
tU iiiiit not give nay to cowardice by saying
that the liepubllc is a falluro. It lias nul been, il i
not, and with Clod's help it shall nut be. ApplHii-e
Wue to taut laticiualor who sa)s wo tna. I suiilo
bins upon his nilldwed Ciei-k with Contempt.
After advising the people to pie simpaihy and
encouravnu-iii tu Ino l.outst workingtnen, lr.
IlierliiT cluved Willi a gluwlnz appeal on te
ll. ill of uur si stum of covr riinn nt un ler
wi ich wo Irive oveicomo a cuantic war, aboi
islcd i glarantic wioug, r laed k cleanl c tax, and
paid oir in reien ears a largo pnrtion of u gut, fl
ic debt, the whole of wnich wo can and i'
iqul late. 10 due lira", w lihoul a hint at repudiation.
Women llolng lo t lie Miprriuo (,'ourt.
WAsiuKtiToN, Nor. 12. Chiel .luslice t'Hitter
of me buireme Court o tie District ul Columbia
has decided iiguusl ino putiuon of harali K Web
stor, who claimed Iho right to eztrcise Iho elrcltte
f.aUiuise, lakinl I ,e kioiind loat tto act w'.ilca do
clarea thai all mile citizens properiy qu difled snail
be entitled lo vote excludes numrn, Ibo Couit ad
nula that the lourleenlli and llilo. nil, aiuindtueuta
n iku wuju-n citizen1, ami capable of becuming
voters, out lie ho.ila lhat they cannul vole unul Cuu
gress liall lee fit to enact the nettsssry Ijw. li is
u idersinud that tho pu'lliclans will carr) U.o case
up to too bu rems Court of tho United btatcs.
Tho Pope) Hole lk I uir ol Koine,
l'Aiti., .Nov. 11. Tho I'rinco de t'hirjl Albanl.
I'apal Nuncio, had a prolonEej interview with tie
fount do Itemuaat, .Minister of Foreign Alftiis,)es.
terday. The IXtmtUvtiontitl of lo day says I lie
y air uiaeus'od u furthcoming protest of tho l'opo, in
wl.icli Hio Holy Father wl I declare himself Iho eolo
King oi Itomr, and will announce Ins iieteriiiina
tioa to hold no official Intercourse with any loreigu
tepiisentutivos serving al the Courlor near the ptr
son nf liu Victor F.miinel
Tlii" llnrinun Trlnls,
Salt Lies Citt, Nov. 12. Tho rcupeninjt of
the I'mted Males District Cuuri. uud 1 10 roassem
bling uf the Urand Jur) to-morrow Is anticipated
with much Interest. Il is unlerstoud that llo.ei
Moul, one of tho pnrtles confined at Csmp Doughs
uni.er n Ipdlitmenl for rjurdei, togetnor with
tla or Wells and ml ors, has made an application to
Hit t irreino Court of Hie United Htatci lor release
upon o vrit of Aaietfs Cfrpvt.
I'rrncli .11 1 ii I hi t-1' In I (lliuiigrs,
I'ahh, Nov. I'd. M. (Iiiizut lias ncvuiileil llic
posri'iii if 1'loui'li ilnilaUr to Mnjlu'id. Iho I'lK
ile b.uii o lakes tho mission to Ausinii. M. I' r l.l
Uiat .a IU.giuuii.ii. Fern that lu Uv UjiUiti tU.ts,
uuu M. liuu.ard thai lo Italy.
T rolling at tilt-iiu'a I'mIU,!
(lai.r-viii.n Cnuu'K, .Nov. 0. Al ilv ncats, brat
llinr .11 III 10 batu'.as.
I I. .i"., ui ua.L v I y 5 111
'IraalaUg tla. 110 -lo" JlloWII I 111
n.uu i: T,' X,i)J,..J7.
i:si!iii.sii:u v.oiw TV.
I l e mrv hrl l.'O now in ne hot s een Now York
au I Wi'siciii'-.!' r c m n) I' llai-iii brldgo.
I ilo liii'sting coal from a biree at West puru s
iiu.. iu itit i 'r')-il'.a.'Ji'.X3.t...lU)U'-'.
Dlvi'M ort on no lirrid. ilia su I ul feat IUI ril, a ,il
i,i del eteruey mondug. toioncr ilaiiigata ncld
lli inqu l.
At K-Hyeslerda) morning, .lustlca Ilrowne and
,ilhr olilrlsii uf Murrliauia alopi.e I two man driving
o wi belo igiuir lo a woll xnown eaitle dealer, and dl.
rette1ih-ni i be locked up, 'I Ley tie rclusod on
Daaili l bad a sou,
LIFK I IN Till: iMKTUOl'OIalS.
o.isims irKi;.i.i inr.nr, nt r iik
ala'a jtn'tnu i;ita
Ilovr n rieriirm Voter nsi Treiileil nu I'.lrr
lion l)uy by Tniiiiniiiiy Ituiidles nnd the
Notorious Police ""rrueuiil l.uoulr.
About balf-liast 1 1'. M. on Saturday a gentle
mm lmperlecll) stllrod entered the Beit editorial
rooms. Ills left eye glared out bloodshot sod antry
from t field, of dsrk and eicomtod flesh, and the
removal of bis. bat revealed a scalp battered and
bloody. Ilo looked as though tie had recently ttcn
In a free fijbt. and had been counted out at his own
special request. Ile gave his naino as llolxtt Ken
nedy, and told In subsianee the following story! On
election day, about S I'. M.. he was rt tho polling
place In bltteenth street, to cast bis vote fur tho
lleform psrty. One I'.itilck llui.rr wis bit by an
unknown person In the eye, wherct-oon Kennedy
rem irked lo the roughs around, "You're got ti
stop tint work.'' l'luer liurnt. who, Kennedy as
serts, had previously stabbed a man In the eve,
was standing by, and heard Kctii'di's remark.
Korne.lv walked up tn Avenue ft. and at the corner
I'iper Hums met Mm. Hums assumed a threaten
ing atlltude, aud Ken rely told
l'ier, if vou flgct fair, 1 alu'l afraid of you or
anv like you."
Hums Immediately whipped a revolver out of his
pocket, and backlog nil, said, "His v." Kennedy
accepted the luvllitlon. llntni's weapon was a
savin shooitr but Kennedy does not know how
many shuts be fired. Kennedy's flvo sbso er, alter
be ng "III bsrged teree times, lnlcd Ore, and Ken
nedy clubbed .t. Andy Wilson pu'led tie rev Ivcr
away trutn Kennedy and brained liloi Willi II. Ken
nedr turned ans received n biow on tbe eye and
nose, which felled hllu. As socu aa he was down.
Kennedy aaya policeman Tcarson clubled him
stiatnsfully, until he lost consciousness. Kennedy's
head and face exhibited, aa btlora stated, unmistak
able signs of rough usage.
Ha as Intensive for some time, and when he re
covered Ms eenica fnand in., s'f In his l.oni, Willi
bis wue slsndini ovsr him lutiars. He was alter
wardarrealed and carried to the s'slion, where Ins
wi nnd were patttslly dresatd. Huiindsuianlswlit,
Ktnnedv aavs, treated htm most humanely, but
s, nt. I.ounle threw Mm Into a cold cell, where lie
lav blredlng and shivering wiihuut any covering un
til next rrorntng. Piper Hums waa also arrested,
but Loonie trested him with the grt'stost conihKrn
Hon. and lurnl'hed Into with bljiiKota and a pillow.
Nixt morning Kennedy was rouse I up lo bo re
moved to lC-iix Ponce Com I. and Plpor Hums,
with whom he I ad exchanged shots the i l;ht be ore,
helped Mm ou with bis coit, and showed more hu
manity than horgl. Lo nle. K"nn .lj wa dis
c lurzed by .InHcn Seoll, and nuplia t or a warr ml
(or the officer Peitson, but wss lola ho must conio
sgiin on Alotid ly.
Tlie tlulllnllnr nlrrnly Fulling Tnmmnny
tllUclnl llrrnpllnled.
On h-ilurda.v, ex-Alderinuu Crulcr, Bupcrin
leudenlt'f Markets, was removed Irom ofll e, and
Jai. Ocrrey, steward of tbe Andiew Jackson Club,
was appointed In his place. A litllo latrr, Samuel K.
Warren. brother-. n-law of Alderman Croker.elerx for
the Iloatd of Aldermen, was removed, sod Nicholss
JuJge was appointed In bis stesd. Tfen tollowed
the uffli Inl decapliatlon of tiselve clerks of the
Hoard ol Health, among llirm a son of Dr Adolpaus
Iliockul inn. 'Ibis IrUhtlul gulllutining su soon
after tbe election created intense rxcticoicnt among
Tammany'a hordes of officeholders, snd thoy forth
with begiu a chase alter fcnitor O'llricn, every
une caucedlng tbat ho was the man lo be stcn, and
that wlthuut Ms consent po removals or appoint
si4, eoull bO'Qudo.' It wus tcpi'Cts'f tbaV Mr.
O'llrleu, during the arieriiuon.net Samuel J. Til
orp, Judge Il,rrett, m P. ll"ie:.eter. and others
o! .,it win i i.ue-"ii s veLly. ad ltit wt.v ui tag
vs iluiit tn H-e now -.me.
The Primely Fortune Unit Didn't Full lo
llll- tlnrul Itnutlitlli It .Nrivaboy,
Virtue "as its own reward in the effecting
ubdar uawapaper romance about William A. t.
Wl.tte, tbe moral bootblack aud nvwsboy who ac
cumulated t'i.Otk) by blacking bonis aud ll.cn went
to Philadelphia aud felt heir to 41SJ.(J(. T.io author
Cnls.ied lils lomanca by pulling Ibo logacy Into Ihe
uaudj uf tbo Drlllsh Cunaul. A Hi' rpoiter ycsler
diy called UKn -Mr. Arcbioald ut his residence In
Uast Thirty H'lli street. Atieniitol) re .din; Ilo
si is. a br.-ad sluile iliuto tg ,v tuiea, the
eouiteoua llr.tiaii Cun u, audres"rj ilia M..N re
po.l.r
"Do vou rrmeni! cr C'c 1' r I! Iwar 1 ndll.nir,
wi.o win, li.l au many u..i b-na ubuul a )earanda
half ago V
Tio ruuiier letcou'.bcre J the milliter, and llr
Arc,,il..i o i..'!iiiDue 1
1 Ida a o, pro,..-ll a- sa 1-lt'e fu'ind uiou In
fact as thai one. In lhat csa; 11 e st, i la lu truu
blu acd tbe luaa of tnonev w..icii w n lvanced'o
t ke aleos tuwurd sriuriiu a n.uh -al torlum.
Ibis not) ma) haw Men iul.u up I rtuosuue
lurpo-e, lu uiaLc muue. It rrr n,, i w
tar my knowledge exivuda, 'ur 1 u.tt uu in wl
edge ul ant aucu porsu-i, nor hav,. uu, u. r i u tis
as are lelerisd to tn tnis tuiazrap I beau irll lu u,
tsaseoisiuu.
rsvslruinllc uud r.tt-uslso Itobbery by h
Cleik.
Occo.'lonallr lor some tunc past pieces of rare
sl.ks and velve's have disappeared from tbe st ire
of Kvans. Gardner A Co., fAl7 llroadway, Noor.e
knew lion they neretiiken, but It was generally be
lieved that It was thiougb the atei.i'y of some r
son em ployed In tho store. A waich was set u;on
the emplojccs when leaving In Ihe evening and alio
at dtrner hour. On Fri 'sy ifta noon Win. Isaacs
was found with a quantity ot rlik upon his jerson.
Ile w given into Iho custody oi Ituundsuian Lonis
and uRUcr Dalbsck of Iho l'wetuy flil.'i Preciucl,
who kepi the rrre"t q'llel m "rd"r '.o work up too
cae. 'Il.ey went to laaics's resi Isnre, lis (iresant
street, and Inund about NUOwuitu ul mUi in his
trunk, (ieitingon the track ol two reeuiveisaf
gouds s'.o.eu by Isaacs. Iher arn slid Jrsepli
.-"ClKiind. a lailor of 00 Drlann y aireel, nnd t in,
lloboulskl, a ilrar dealer ol Ul On hi'ia troot, tn
bulb of Aboso places tusy found silks wtiicn had
been stolen Horn Kvans. liurduel ,V Lo.'s "tute. On
oalurday inornin I io tl ief and the two rereiveia
wrrobefuro Justice Cnx Isaacs waa commilu a
wlliioul ball, and Schwtnd and Hofotilskl were
locked up In delauli ol J 111 urn bal' oi-rh. Mr
(urdier i stunaio" that ut Iran I u'M wnrih ufgouas
nas boon stolen. Isaacs loulessed uis uui.l,
?lrs, Lnlrd's llonrd llttl n nil John Junes'n
Voir.
Mrs. harali M. Laird keeps a boarding bouse at
26 West Lleventh street. John Jones left llr".
Laird's home about two jeais ago, and foigot to
pay an eight weeks' board bill. A low da)s bo'oro
runt. on Mrs. L.lrd saw on Ihe rc'lair list of toe
Ninlli Wsrd the name of tno Jones, wbo gsve his
residence at btr house. On ciecilon dav .Mrs. Laird
alatiobtd her sell a. Ihe polling plain and waited fcr
llr. Jones, wh o onn caiiie aioug witn a ballot In
his band. Wh en Mr. Jones wi s about to deposit
his ballot Mrs. Lilrd pul her IiojJ In at the door,
and shouted, I challonga that voto All eies
were dlrerled to Hie door, and tne Inspecln ra rant it
flow n upun Mis, I.alrd .11 winch she said lhat Jonss
did nut live in her house, as sue occupied Vl esi
nieveiith aireel. Mrs. Laird cilled an officer, and
Jones wi.b lakiu to tha Charles street nation and
luckod up.
Nul it 1'olillrlllll,
At Jcffcrion Market yestcrdnjr, beforo Justice
Coi, Jusepn Alfred lily, sun uf tlio Hun, Alfred Kly
of Hochsster, wts accused of p.i-aiog a spuiluus
check, drawn on Cauldwoll A Co., !7 Wall stiect,
for M, on John McDufl, of 1"? Illrerker street
Young I!'y has been In New Yorg loine time, an
hss scattered many wuitnlesa llirrk". Ilo was i
dlEnam that a parlor lusutne hotel was not prcrim
for Inm while confined, anil tiled hard tu luintesson
Justtio Cox that bo wus a gentleman There Is
oulv uno plscv for porsons nccused ol rriinc," nil, I
Justiio Cua, quietly, "aud that is lu itiu cells down
Stalls,"
A Vt'esl Mile lloindliiK-llonan Fuas.
Mrs. Flora llandley and Mts. F.iu .St. Valcrcn
are lo.irders In tho pnvato boardiuu huuio kepi by
Mis. Mary Fash at S3) West Tnenly-secund street,
Kecenlly Mr. and Mrs. La Forge cams from Ilo
country and encaged bourn -in this Doifsa. Mrs La'
Forge owned u magiiillceut lolvel cli,aa: which o
vilued at flT5 uud di alled lo si II. Mis. M uiiieii
wus nnxl ms lo puicuaao 11, aud ns aim Im I nol tho
money she aaieid to pay for II In Installments oi ii
wri U1-. On Frldii) auo paid the llm inslulln em i f
lll. und Mra La Foru'i gal" l.nr p(..si,rin of llic
cIiuk. On Fndu) alurnuuii tho uul Hi" ciouk in
and pr'inu'i.H''iiil !linalwny. Hhr reiuriitid liuniu
uud, tuking it oil, lain it uu luo buii lii her bedruo n
and de imkIo I to ru,', r Uu her retain Iho clouk
was iiiissiii,', llkohi-,0 Mrs. ll.iidlei. I.aat m.i.l
Dolectivo Huteher enobtod Mis Hundley as siiu
w is .bum lu i'iii r the su, per lumn. Mrs. hi Va.
leroll atcotllpallli d pel to tho 1 wi llllolh alleel no
tice stsii m and piolorrvd a ibai;o uf gian l larcuuy
Alalia Alexundrovllrli,
Tlio Itrussian nmn-uf-wur AbrccV, Capt.
Sclisntx, thirty two days from Madeira, arrlvci.l In
Ibe Lower Hay on Balurday night. Capl. Hrhanla
(Wilt Ulit hi laUUJ (W.ilU.J.-fiitf! till UullltL
fleet twenty-seven days tta. He sits that tbe float
Is Hilly duo at New York
A despatrli from London last night ssvst "No In
formation bss been rereelved In 1st. Petersburg from
ll'e l!ti"lnn licet bearing tl e Orsnd Diikc Alexis to
Now Ynrg since Its osratTOvt 'tom-Madeiva; And a"
despatch from Ihe lion. A. O. Ciirtin, the United
Mata Minster to ltussia, lo the Lonoon agency or
t a New York Aso latod Proas, aavs tl.e Import il
t oui t and the people generally Ihrnuz'iout the emplro
ro In a dread'nl stale of mpiiae Ihereat No a a hss
just rejchid hero Irom New Y'nrk Hint one ot tho
squadron (the Abrrck) has arrived at that port, and
wnl go Isr In qukl Iho feeling of uncertainty whirli
hat irevilled as to Ihe fato of tbe Ituitlan Prince."
A Woninn Hlrlcltrn In Hip Hireef.
Yesterday afternoon Olllcor Iloyuolds of tho
Forly-tcvcnlh atreel station found a respectably
dressed aged woman lying on the sidewalk al Fi'ly
sevcuth streot snd bitth avenue, surrounded by s
laughing and leering crowd. Kuprosing lur to bo
drunk, the officer louk nrr to the slallon. Allbougli
1 ir e)es were cprn. she was f rceehltrs, and unable
lo move hand or I, ol. t-crgennl Wood', acelns that
the woinan was nut driilis. suinmnncd Police Sur
geun K.ilicrg. II was k-ccitainrd tbatlie bad been
etnrkcn by paraDsl', and bal lost tl.e use of her
entlin ricil side ss well as tier speech, As no ono
anew I rr, nun nulling was found on lur to toll
wbo she was, she nas taken to Ucllovue Hospital.
All mini Hi os. tlnrnnr.
This popularsK.ro ufTrra il ls lesson more attrac
tions Ihau over lo Iho public, luo drr-s depnri
ment r.asbotn adscd to and Impruiud, mull now
the dresses sent uut (rem Hits tuibll-hmrnt rival
the Importatiors from Paris. The deparimsnt of
Isdles' lurniahlng goods on tho second floor ctTcrs
some of tbe hsndsumcst and cheapeat articles ever
sold tn Cut line, lieal i'on'on Allagor ai.il bonnet
silia can be iiirclunod al their aPk counter for tl
to $3 snd (5 per yardjiwhlla III snzgea, aloacas. pop.
Mns, blraltxcfoll s. cacriineres, merinos and plat Is
they defy competition In puini ol clieapneas, l eauly
and etiellenca ol laatuiaia. Fakcy stock laiger
tnsn ever.
Ilreaktng Up Iho .lloit Hlreel (Inng.
Sergeant Ulrich arrested Max lliraliberg on
isaiciuuor t'.ealnig u v.vcr:cxt he rru trying to
sell lo a Mr. llicnner, In Urand street, near Union
avenue, Wllllomiburzh, yesterday attornoon. llirsh
barg, on the way lo the police elallou, acknowledged
that ha bad stolen t c coat snd other property
irom Mr. Kro lie i of 111 Kidrldr e street, New York.
On being accused of tha snesk robberies thst have
lately been committed In llutcbtown. ho sail that be
had been encaged insnmeofihem. wltliotberawbuso
namss tic cue. Hitae (elluwt Hive tl.eir be .dqtiar
lers in M" I t'. an 1 work in gaugs atouud
lliouk ju and J rie, iiy
Tlie Poller t'beaa llomd.
It is rumored tbat Cupl. Charles McDonnell
I ax been trxcifrrrcd to a down-tonn st-llm, and
that Capt James Leary will to-day quit the Thirty
filth street station, Ile and hli friend, Sergeant
L-onle, having failed to reflect r-cnator Ilradlrv, ure
In disgrace. t rgeant Loonie lias agslu been trans
Ittrcd. Ha rciur s to Capl Konned) al tho lllooJy
f-ixtb" lo-day bergiaiit Ilandull, wLo waa trans
ferred becsuse nui In 'ni, r of Ilradlrj's rrelec tun,
re. orts to Capt Cauier -n tills muriiing. ergl-alll
ll.infle d res li.o a lu I ..pi. Luuau, aud Uirgiaul
Wln'.cow'j lu i apt. (Inutur
A Premium lor Porlury.
Tha United Slides otlicials who insulllnlj
dragced cx Assi ubDman James Irving through uur
streets in Irons now offer HW reward to any per
son who will give tealtmopy to convict any prison
of lesculng Owrn (leuuegin Irum V S. Deputy
Msrshal Dowlev. and be itlug the M irsliah
lleput) Marsual llos u'i li r.ovrrinf. Ilo sa)s
thst Mr Irs .tag was nol concerned in the assault
upon, him.
UOl.SU A, MiJfO.VS.
The Ilunqilel ol Ibe llusy lleea of Ibr. Tvrni.
ly.arconil Hraliiienl-'l be 1 1 on J erriul r. Ii
O'Donovnn Uussu Asloulabeil.
The annual lauriuet of C'umpxnr 11 of the
Twenty-second lic.iuient, which took place at the
Armor) un Saturday nlglii, was msmed Willi more
than the ssual merriment. Among Iho guests
was 0'D.tvan llossa. No sooner bad lie
entered the raoin Ihnu hla silk beaver
was driven ovsr bis ryes, Tho treat Irish
putrtot nirirara.,! i la besil from hi" list nnd looke I
aloul inm. He saw uvor t enly gentlemeu In a
s, radar pus. lion sirug.llns; witn dsma;od ties
P.irli cutsi seemed anxiuus tu crush his ntlgbbur's
hatoier his ejor. Mumrnlailly expaollng u free
tight, the Irish brro mounted .1 chair and awalled
deeiupoicnts. Hut to his suiprisa everybody
trinied to bo In tbe bist of humor. Over liny
Uautl'ul stovepipes were ru.ncd, and all the party
wcte iauEbin; hrarilly. Bnddeuly a box of lemons
was discovered In one corner of tbo armory. In
nn lustact tee air was filled with lemons. An
attacking any was forme J and a rush was
n de lo capture lbs box TUs lemons Hew Ibruugb j
tl t srmony l.ko hall Gen. O'llaine, oco ot the at
tacking psriv, was slot on tbe car, and a dozen
gei'liruien wire bit on the nose. 1'i.e coraoans
shot lemons witn more precision than they everdid
hul tla. Tbo noble Irian patriot was sure thnt a
Tee fiaht was at laud. Alter waiting
oino minutes lur tlio onset, he was
astoulshcd lo see tbe momters of .he company
slat uing une another la entire good humor, cli il
lering and laugbint like delighted parrots, boon
ufterwuid one of tie member was court
msnialed. 'Ihe Judges took ibelr seuts upon
a rslcd oiatfrrm with truth nlgnily. .So
sooner bad Iho rrironer entered on hi"
delence limn a Hanking columu ten deep
lurmed a battering raui au I bulled against tin
niarovt ludgs, ki urking the whole court of! tho
platrurm and piling them up In ono corner This
timo Itosaa was sure H at there would bu a Ognt.
Ilowaited until be was tired. I'.ioru was no ttght.
'Ihe ln.pO) dugs lairlv roared with happii,ess.
At tho banquet l(osa w called on for a
spool h. lie sam: "lbunuto )ou aro an Amen
can-, but, upon my soul, tou act more liksuji.ck
of Irish lhau sny men I've eier seen."
Arrlsnl ol shipwrecked Wlmleis ni Mm
I'runelseo,
Pan 1'itiNcisco, Nov. 12. Capt. Darker, of the
whale ship Japin, wtich was wrecked ou Kilt Capo,
.Siberia, tn Oriober last yoir, when eight msa were
drowned, affer wintering with the Rsqtumaui, and
antTenn-f great nani"h In, Joined Cipt, Hays and Ihe
crew ul tho bar Oriole, weicli suuk In llchnug
bea In June last.
Aficr sating to various pliers In Alaka on f-.e
little schouner II. H. II urne, which fin, Iiy became
unaeaworll y. r.ml was ulun loned, all irnuil btio
lu-ilay roui Vitl'.rla. Thoy hid been nlveu up as
lust, i.ot baiiug Or i'ii heard Hum lor muuiua.
CoT.l'nlinel- mid liru. Mlioi Iduu,
LorisviLLE, Ky., Nov. li. When Urn. Palmer
cummsnJed the Department ol Kentucky, and w hllo
martial liw wai In full force, bo was indicted by the
Urand Jury for felony uniier iho bUte law, lo wit.
Iho stealing or a r.e.'ro.
Gen. Palmer rripunded to tho summons of the
Court and plesdrd to the Indictment, becauso he
believe I lu Hio auliordln itloii oi tlio military to His
ill il powir uf lha lloverument. This may set vu to
explain bis courao lonard Uen. bhondau lu Illinois.
A Living Ilend ou u Dond llndr.
Ono week njo lo-day, Paul Faullcrco, printer,
of M Franklorl slreet, while ut work at S fpruro
street, was ought lu tho luacl lrery. Oue revolu
Hon broke bis back, and he was taken to Park llor
mial to die. His body, below the neck Is paralyzed
und prrlurins imuo ul Its nutural lutictiuns, Al
linn's i litre is puliation IK'ithor ut Iho nam nor ut
lliu nualu l"i touia lo.-ell.iT, and )H tho pour uiau
rcmulus with a living head on a dead budr.
Tbo Popo In Itellro lo Friiuce,
I'ahis, Nor. 12. Hiiiiiors contiinio As to an
sppiuathiug di p irturc of the Pope from Koto. Tlo
Franc of to-day says distinctly that lliu Pupa Ins
luiunalcd to 1'it.lJent Thiers that It Is ills Intention
to sit ibllsh a residence In Franco, a.id Hint M.
Tliirrs niis mrds a s'ronir eltuii to ditauade tin
Dull l ather 'loin Ills imipuso nlihoul surrrn, n.d
bat Uiiklij ilu td ut las dispisil tl u casHeulPau
Aller nu Fusi nldr Hull,
julin M hli, it yuuiir uerinju, was ruuuiVilr ,1
early leal rJ i.' liwrnlng at M Cilutuu atr. ui. II,
utteuded a ball and I a I been drinking on tiatur iui
niulit. It Is belleiod that I o louclied homo )oaiur
.lin iiiorning botni on one and lines uYlutk, ami
that lu ilgi'tlug H riuuilo, lie uiixe. il, ai d ae tha
Hour uu ure, H c Un cs irom which sullucuUd lil n,
lllll'lll'd In lll'iltli in lll'il.
Lust cvouii'15 uboul O.UU Iho cuicrlids of a bod
In tlio luur-lor) leiiemont hi'ii"o In thu ro ir o Kill
Cierry sirtet ucuJmially took tiro. Miij bulli
van. n cripple, aged Wl, .n In Iho bud at tbo H ro,
fuld." ufiklilo'T'V Ti(1V WTMir, tlifvl TornasntMer.
Holoru aid leached i.er suo wus buruod to death,
Tbo It ciiau II lu Illinois,
riiicxan, Nov. 11. ltoturna from forty seven
counties give Hevert Igo, the ltepnbllesn cuidldale
bis i.OL,tina,ku at Ur;.i IS.W socl.tf.
A IMaW OUTBUItST OF CUD1K
.f ror.VM .ir.i.v ot iimii cii.tn.irrr.it
m rsi nu jo vu i, y mi.hu.' a.
Possibly n Robbery nud .llurilcr by Ibo
Tfiilb Aveuuo (inm-Tbo l)leiiipruruuca
of n hobcr nud Honest Cullrrlur.
l'eter Schubert, a clerk with Pcler A. II. Jack,
ton, real estate agout, of 10.1 Fulluu aireel. It mis)
lug, and flora aro entertained that ho has been
foully dealt wllh.'' Mr. Schubert has been with
Mr. Jackson since he was fourteen years of age.
About tio years ago Mr. Jackson established a
branch efflco ttCTS iculli avenue, and baling the
fullest conCdenco In young Pchubeit, placod It In
hltchirge. Mr. Juckion It agent for the Culling
citato nt Tenth avenue and Forty-second streot,
and tho collection of tlio rents of Ibis property de
volved on yuting Kchnotrt. On tho 1st lust. Schu
bert, is usual, collected tho rent, amounting to bo
Iwcen three snd four thousand dollars. Ilo hid of.
ten tiPrcsscd Irars to Mr. Jackson that he might bo
robbed by lotuo uf the 'l entil avenue gang, nrd
-sard to bo trat.aleried to tho down lowuoftico.
On the day In Question bis lenrs revived, nnd tin hid
no snuutr collected the money than he bailemd to
his employer and paid II over. In the early I art of
Iho ivcning, as wrs his wont, bo visited Ida father
ami sister nt Ail West Fori) -eighth Uriel He left
there about lull past 3 o'clock lo return to his room
at Mr, Jackson's rcsideuco, ll'J F.ast Iwrt.ly
scvcnlh sirtal, slnco which time nothing
lis been seen or heard cf Mm. Ills
father's theory Is that some uf the gang of
thieves who Infest Tenth avenue, knowing that
Schubert collected tbe rents ou Iho llr" I of each
month, had laid in wait and murdered Mm In hopes
of obtaining Ihe money. Mr. hchubert, Br sa)s
that bo Is sliengthencd In this opinion Irom tne fact
thai his son waa a perfectly abstemious young man,
anu remarkably regular In bit habits. Mr. Jackson,
bis employer, speaks or young Schubert in tbe high
est terms, and says tbat be regarded him almoat as
ooe of ins family. The missing msn Is 21 ears old,
6 feet 4 Inches high, light complexion, blue ryes,
llilit monstschu and side whiskers, Al the time o!
Ins tJisapptirbute hd w oio' drab psnts and "Vest,
mixed coal und black ti lt hit. Hit lather and alster
are thrown Iri'o t... 'o",a,t cr, f on kcccnnl uf bis
ni)sterloiis iliarpeaianco, and any Information con
ci-ruiiut I Im will he gr ti fully received by llioai at
their risidtuce, Sill West Furty cigMli street.
Probable Murder by tine of Iho llioolilyn
King.
Last night there was a row In Theodore Fisch
er's lager beer saloou, 490 Pearl alrctt, between
Stephen II. Maloney, a notorious burglar and mur
derer, and blinou Gavin, of City Hall place.
Uxvln took off bis cuat to flxht Maloney, to aettlt a
qnarrcl of a jear'e atandlng, whereupon tbe latter
drew a pistol and flro 1. 'Iho ball took efleel In
llavln'a.lefi thlh. 'J ha wouuded man was taken ta
the Park Hospital.
No desper.iio Is better ki.own In 11 Is city thsn
9l"Ve Msiocev. Ho shot Mr. Edward C ilpers In
the fsce In Penrl slreet Jnne 12. 1MVJ. In Hit) ho
shot al Mlctiaol Walsh; and ou Hie night uf the 1st
of January last lie and John Irving, Martin Adams,
George Malu'z, and Mic.uel Hurler, each of whom
has a dozen aliases and has serred in relate Prison,
attempted tu rob Arbuckto .V. brother's wsrehouse,
Water street. Brooklyn. Irving was osjly woundea
snd captured, alter a desperate Cf lit, by a bravi
policeman. Ihruuzb sum bouts pocus. only known
lo llo's YcLaugbliu's ltiug, tho thlevca were nut
punished.
After a long chsse Detective Dolan arrested Sieve
Ma onov al ibe Msrlun House, Last liroadnay aud
Catoartne street. Ile was laaen lu tho l'atk Hospi
tal bv the detecilva for Idintltlcatlan. As soon as
Onvlri'saw Mm l scaxtd tirary btr,WMn basin
which was si tils bedside ai.d smashed bun over the
be.a.1, sajiri, Thai's the H at tried
to ki.i tr.t." Gavin vbcr. Jumped cut ol bed aim
struck Ms, oner n aevere bluw Hi the face, Iscersting
It fearlu.ly. Ha was then seized and wllh dittltuH)
couOi ed lo bts bed. Maloncv del led the shunting.
Hi was locked up In tlie Franklin slreet police
station. Several Indictments agnail biai are ou
Cls In Ibe Diilrlct Attorney's office.
A btugr Plnudered by Apncbes-Mx lua
aciiirrre Killed,
San FnANCisco, Nor. 12. The Wlclenburg
and La Paz, Arizona, stage was stlackod a few
days ago by about filly Apicho Mojaves, about ten
miles from the former place The driver, John
Le'z, otherwise known as Djtch John, ood two
pasatngna w.u, hiu, uu tlie box, were ki lt-d ftr-t at
tl o llre.stmide were tlie passtngers, three of whom
weie killed. Win kiuer sud .Ml"S Mullio "-nop
psnl, ol Presruif, were wouodel, bni esrapel tu
the fchapaaral. snd finally reached Wickenburg,
I bo names ui ll.o pa'scnisis killoj tiro Pied. s,iu
bulla. F N Luting. U. P. Mobiuion, P. W. Ilimei,
and C. b. Adams, Loring and llamol wtie
ot Lieut. M nvetcr's exploriug ex edit nun
Adam, was scalped. Tho inal,s and n ggage
o e plurdrred. Ono report ss)s lbs attack waa
made by ul,an-a)Uien and nut Iho ludiai.-.
iliitrnno lu Norl'olli, Vu, A Colored 1'ollco.
man Slim Id Deulb,
NoarolK, Va., N.v. 12.-Tnj net;r.;ca wcra
s tj. i.t wcuaded and a negro policen an killed last
nlglt, near Ibe Ocean Homo iu Portimouth, by a
ciowd of roughs from Norfolk. Tho woundod tie
crocs were qnletlr passing down Ulgli street al tn
time they were shol. '1 lit) negro policeman inier
fercti tu stop Ibe firing, and Has shut through Ire
head by some one lu the crowd, and died almost in
ilaiuiy. Several persona implicate I in ti.e ahoutuiiE
have been .irrosied, aud will be biougut befuro tbs
iiur to-niurroi).
John Dugnu'a l.nsl Job.
Ou Moaday, tho Gth inat., John Duan, enrt
man, of 1,12s Second avenue, was engaged to convey
a loal nf machluery Irom Ihe Itiuk to the loser
part of tne city. Ho delivered bis losd belnicu 4
and S o'clcck, and started borne. At Libert) street
and llroadway be parted with a Mr. Wills, sluce
hlth time he has cot been seen or heard from. A
vigorous search triroug'i al, tit jiiia, polliu atalions,
and hospltuls, and a liberal use of tho press In ad
vertising, havo failed to pioduco tlio "lightest clue
to his v, hereabouts, l'ho bone and truck, drn er
icas, .vere louud by Iho police al W o'clock tbo a une
evening, al First svenuo and TwenD seventh street.
Dugan nad reieutly retuintd from t alilurnls. and
lost Monday bad between tCt) and I7J wit i htm.
Ills friend- believe thai be baa been loully dealt
wllh. Dugan was a singio nun, 33 )esrs of age, fire
feel four Inches in helgtil, dark hair, uud hear black
ruuuata 'bo, and was dioaaod In roil undershirt and
drafters, blue overslnrl, gicen plaid pants, bruivn
vest, uud heavy ourcoat.
A Fnmlly ofl'lvf PfroiiN .llurdrred
I.ui isvillk, Nuv. 1J. This morning u lainily
named Parks wus found murdered In their houso
near Ilenryville, Ind. Thefumliy consisted of Ctus
II. Pans his wife Isabella, Ins son John, aied 10
ara, and bis daughter Fvclluo, a;,l 17, and lSilen,
aged 13.
TI o hcadi cf s!l were terribly beaten and cm tho J
by some blunt inatriiniuut, Tho brains of Mis,
Parks and her son were scattered abuul the room,
while their holies were blng lis bods. Tlio daugu
lira were luund sltliug In the kitchen alive, but'
dtlorlousand latall) hurt.
The nriglibois heard shots In tho nlglt, but Iho
bodies I'x.ii no bul.et marks. Mr. Parks was a ioid
lug member of a church, und waa inuili estoems 1 In
H'o comuiuntly. Great cxctlrment preval a tu the
vicinity. 1 hero Is uu clue to tbo poi petrator,
Incendiary I'll re In Novvnrli,
Ou Satiiuliiy night Iho niceiidiari'a torch was
apilied In three places lu Newark, keeping the Fito
Departuient al work from eight o'clock in the
stoning until da) break )oslerday. Three yuiing
lads wero arrested on suspiciou, but alter being
lucked up over night were discharged, haimg girsu
a satlsfacfi ry account of tlisunelvoa.
At S o'clock Saturday nlg'il Patrick llolll)'t' patent
leather manufactory. In Willet street, was buruej.
Loss (C.OOU. At 2:W riaturday .morning Jacob
Sclinablo's carpenter shop In riomcrset slrcot wss
burned, and Iho barn and dnelllug adjoining nero
badlr damsnod. Loss t'i.lill. At uno o'clock Iti-lll)
X McCain's jl.oi'i.kiii lactory, lu Now York
aienuo. was damaged (1 "bU
Ihe thief Kngmvur said he lad no doubt there
bid been a piul tu burn tl.e city,
Allen, pi in Flro llm City of Clinllnnnnin,
I aiklra.Miufu, Tcuu .Nor. lu.aa.1 liw J-a U--cuvi
red tha uur 'li; al 1 o'clock In Fisoer A
Uiuihers' ji'vo ir slort, corner ol Lightli and Mar
kit slrools, dtslroyiug a npiire nnd a half of Iho
business pi r'.mu ot t.i' Cli)'. The loss Is estlm ile I
al (16 1) insurnnra It (bout ifMOOO. Tl o
lire wa tho woik of au thei'iuliiry. 'Ibe city was
lire 1 In two other pi ices but iho Harness acretx
tlllCUialll'il, 1' lllooit ui; laoil tllli't o ,li api ladtus
i r i n o 1 Iota 'iuiu al em i i s tu-, t uig.u and .aidtiou
poiiil" lu t .oui. A laigo uii'ni'er ol pel sous wen)
uitea'.ed ior c iiiimllluig loiiUrrios.
rj.Mijii.s I'ifOJij'j u oo ..i a v uu r.i
Cholera Is Increasing In Oomtautlnoplo,
Piuii'o Plsire Napoleon Honipirle, who shot VI:
tor fsoir, bu mariitd ttne Itiitllu.
Tho lliilsstls. of tl ti Hamburg Anirrlcm tins In
leaving rirniouiUiaai duwu a sciiuausr, all ut nkais
crts, .SfuJlgal.
TllK IlLOVKMU; OF Till: llOHNEr.
Ilnyll I'rovldlna nn Asylum Tor nn Amorl.
enn Vessel which lion Ilnnilllnn I'lsli
lteTuaoe lo I'rotoci opiiln'a Luteal Wan.
tuu luault lo Iho Anierlcun Finn.
Wasijikoion.N'ov. 12, Tliost.itctiionls recently
made lu the effect that aeveral bpanis'i war vessels
had left Cuban wators for the vicinity of I'ort-an
Prince, with Iho Intention to sella the Hornet,
ahuulj that vessel venture out of port, have been
found lo De uuttue. It has also been aacerlalneJ
lhat there Is only one Spanish man-of-war tt or
near I'ort.aa-Prlnco. Tbo Danish authorities bare
already been advisod that serious trouble may re.
lull should the Hornet be seized while the Is untltr
the Americas flag, and especially at It is not known
that she has violated tbe neutrality laws. While tt
cannot positively he asserted that sue Is privileged
to inrry our flat, her true character nevertheless Is
a question for civil Investtga'lon, nfid nol to ho de
termined alone by tho Stauia.i imi.ur.Uua wi li the
aid ct n naval force.
To say the least, the question nf tl e Hornet seems
to ba much complic.ali't. Wl.l.o t'uit is penning
snolher subject forms a b.ls of comulilnt by tho
Spnni"! Itlovernment. Not lon&tho acu r-pjnlsh on
sul at Port iu Prune made a demand on the H i),
t an aulhoi ilios tor Ilia surrender uf the Hornet
but wss refiied. our Minister there listing ultc el
a strung protest against II. and sl-o against tbo
t-par, I'll tnenaco. home time niter these priced
Ines the Hpaniah Consul, while pausing Iho wharf
where the veaeel lav, was louoly dernltd by Iter
crew, which Is tald to consist of about two hundred
colored sailors. In con-equenco of iheso proceed
Ines Ihe Consul roturned tu his Consulrte and look
down bis flir, and Ihe tact of the alleged Indignity
has been communicated lo our Government. Thus
the matter now stands, wllh no prospect of an Im
mediate Battlement of tbe question nt Issue, and In
Iho mean time Port-an-Prlnce Is virtually blockaded
by a Kpanlsh vessel, Haiti being too feeble to dc
tr.snd respect lor Ler neutrality
so 3ioitu Kxr.ctmvi! v.tnnosa.
Why Orwoi Jfrfoseil lo I'nrilon Tro tVroiii:-Ir-Convlrled
Itepilbllrnus-Ilurv Hir llltt
nmlst llnvren'a Pnrdon u na Proem ed.
Wasuinoton, Nor. 12. Heccntly n Commltlec
from huutu Carolina called on rt rebel (len. Aker
man, now Aitomei-Oencral, acd presented astrong
petition In favor of the pardon of two pi sons who
hsd teen wrongly convicted under tho Con
gressional Election law In the esse of De Large
and blgamius Uowen. Tl.e Atlorur-Ocntrul do
dined to go Into the morlls of tho cae, as he said
there was to baa Isrgs number ol cnnvicllt ns of
Democrats in Now York, and ho would not atluw
any Hepubltcans to be pardoned now for loir It
should be used ns a reason why Democrats shonl I
be pardonod hrieaiter. The Cotntutliao urged thai
It wss not Ju't lo riinlsh men improperly convicted
lo enable tbs President lo stiffen up his onback
for another and dint tent ca'a Ibal ttey only want
ed two pardoned out of over twenty convicted, and
conseqienllv could nol islsldlsh any bad precedent.
Tuo pardou of llowen Peln' a,tudi-d lo, Akertuitn
Hid ho wanted It understood that Inat was nut his
sflair; thst Mrs, llowen luid got Mrs. Oriut to
promise II. 'Ihe President w is not disposed to
carry II out and held It bark lur a week, but tin dly
allowed It lo Issue. Akerman llieu branched oft
into a dissertation on Kngllali law, of wlilcli Ms
belters could not ace the approprlalriuas, and soma
left, one cuull) remarking thai ihey Vi-m very singu
lar grounds lo bo a"iumed by a nian wbo bad a
Presidential nomination In his pocket.
There Is going to be au animate, l contest over Do
Larga's aeat, which Howeu Is couicsttu; but from
Hie poaltlon aflalrs base tecrnlly assumed, thete Is
very Utile doubt of De l.srce's nistnlatjiliie fls rl'i;t,
to'lils' seat. "Vo 'project bl'ruEuiTg "l)an"eb for"
Ooviruur has been entirely abanduutd.
into xivr.sr.it ciuciaot
-V Hlgnlflcnnt enleuc9 Ullrrcd In the W II
llnniabitruli .llormon Tnberuuclr,
Klder Lindslcy of Suit I.aka City preached
yesterday In the Mormon Tabernacle, Willlams
burgh. bpoaklng ot Ibe reported flight of llrlghtru,
bo said: Twenty yesrs ago, when I was preach
ing the Ocspel In Kigland, I wns told that ho had
run away from Ms pronto To-day the same Is
said. Fvo been In Sill Like since tlio trouVos be
gsn, Tne Salurdtyoelore I left, three weeks nro, I
saw tilth lu the Cnurcti of tho Propheta. He, on
spoaklng lo us of the troubles, said, 'I feel as
rslm na tho snnrn-er mor-vng' ll is ios'ct! or
rrsat coolness. iun tre Mnrahaland Iheroiigluus
hipoeiite of a Judge spad tlie indictments against
h'm be smned and ssked if that was all. llrtkhaiu
has not run away Iliery w luto.- t.o goes down lo
tho run ut the bfisln nfotli K) bundled miles sooth
ul tbo city to ids nlitivts. Do pruplo tbiuk t.iat
Murmunlsm is about io die and Hut the persecu
Huns waged against II will blot It out! 1 tel. v on
tbeywlll not. If it and the cospeis aru nol ot Ood
It will dio out of t'sell. When 1 left 1 was told
that I would do a gre.it deal ol goo I while away. I
Hunk I will bring some I ack with ma. Let you wbo
aro here tn this resiini place husband )our means,
and be prepared lu seek )our lempural and silrllual
bapmneas among tlio in luntains, We are God's
choaen people. Ilo I' wurklmr. A few weeks ago
Chicago was dea'toyed. Phis is bilasadiupuf
'viler io ar at will -i on 1 Bl l'iii; o weie driven
from Hint Slate, and Uod I: ruugti 1.1) piopuel laid
thuy atiouid not live Hiere."
tu a si.tr i. ni.r.crioy.
The Jlnjorlly lu Miflolk-IHnrci Uupubllcnn
(nlns lu llie Akat'llibly
For the first timo slnco the formation of the
IirruHiean parly, every town tn butlolk counly
gave a Republican nnjorily. Hcrlbner's majority In
tbo county Is tilt, Drsne's (lor St-natol) 1.29.1, and
Marcy's (for Assemb'y) 1.190. Every county oClcer
on the Itcpubllcan ticket is elected,
A Lock port despatch saystlial Gootge D. Lament,
Hep., Is elected Justice of the Supremo Court over
Itlchird P, Marvin In Iho Eighth District b; 7,1X10
mnjorlty.
1 tine la no change tn tbo fkn.Ho, but the latest
returns from Yates declare George P. Lurd reelected
to the Assembly from that county. This makes tne
Assembly stand K Republicans and 32 Democrats.
Iinti'kl Iiijurllies by Counties.
ff'itisruiin I Htpubttmn. I Urimb'l-an.
Atteisny.. iTW Mnnicouiery. Ifsi tVe'ithvaier. .'000
Hroome I.'o-i Siszsra sua Viyomiug.,., IMio
t'aiiaraugus. IIW onudi pq;
l avugs Jfloo finonuaga... jroo Total fiusu
t'tiaulsuqua. tt'siu ontnilo 11 o, vrntcubc
Chenango... tvw iir.an.ie IIM Alb.iov tooo
c.inion Mai Orleans Iivo rnemungi..,, irt7
rortland HOuifco trial Columbia,,,, S3
Helsksre.... IMO otseco tiai liieene fa
1 luti'licss Hlk Putnai Twl Klnss 7'M)
Kile i on tt Lawrence. eWii New Yoik...J,'sl
tasex WX earaloua 1 Oileeus 511
Franklin 1000 ?thi'neciadr. tli") llensaeiaer... lfXHi
I'ult'n and 1 rtrliii.rr iimi lin limoiid Tl
llamltiuti Menben li" lluekiand... K't
lleneiee noo fuifolk VA elioharie.... lfsii
llrrknne r. ooo lio.'s san honrra usi
.HrT'-lsou Tu'lipklua..., luMO itullivnb tod
Lewis 201 I mr .'ml, Vales too
Livlngslan,., KM Warien
sisdsun 1X00 w'aihtngiun. I'm Total liitil
kl, .nroe IU, Wayne ISUU lisp. mnj. ...UllJ
Official.
llllOOKI.YX.
Yeatenlsy innrnlnz Charles F'Vhardt, whllo In
toxleite I, fell i no tha collar ot i, tliai d Hieei, W 11
liaimt urgh. and wns fatally Injmed.
On Saluril.iy morning a ruffl in entered tho cabin
of the acaooner Louis Wslali, In the iVnll ahoiil ln,hi,
d prsienunn a plaiol at Ilia head at rspi. Joliu W
Ke ly, tliioaleneil lu liluw oui tua luaina unii-i ne liaud.
cd over his mouey. Capl. Keili gave tne lellow
A'iTir JKttSKV.
Tho olTleUI vote of Iludaun counts fur Onvornor
gives ParUrr Id. ilo. and Wat h "..M Ft r mm ntor.
John Mel heiaoti ilieml, TSS i James 11, Fielder
lll'l" 7,011 1 .Mrl'ln.t-bul.'s mujuriiv 8,1. 'J.
Tho turents of Msry Collins of North Hergin
objected to hor ret-'Mvinz Hieatteriwuaor.lMiiiea K, 11)
ut Hoiioken. tfno disappeared, and seierut dus ali.-r
s, aid usi lonnd bv ncotiMit lu the collar, wutlher sba
Uid retired to slirvo nerssir to death.
iiotrixas Mutvr tows'.
Henry Hilton has realgiiod.
McCumb's Daui brllge is doled.
Tlie City ol Washington from Liverpool Is In.
Itin'o of taniueralurn yestordir from Ul lo IV
Cofvpt! oiler flroeii on Baiiirdiv nfteriioun do
nnsiti'ii a im to ibo er idit of ibo U.P'irt uoui ol Pub
-tto rHwi.
Tho Mourner Pity of Pirla nn Ini'i Ilia catisl boat
Montana and aiiua hti un ?u urd ly eie.i,ng. rbuuus
lua led w th grain
Tho llvbrvw V uut Min'a I.Hor ir an 1 Urn- vo
Irilt Aaioi iat ill US" id S" I o ipoi lllal.lUU- 141.
ulgiil hy I)' naui'i'l I) riva.ds.
Mr. Judson Jirvls wus busily hni.tltig for Inter
soli on Hat iirdav but llm wr ni t''.airiiiak, r I ,i t
.o",m ,,l i.i. fi, in"" Pa,) bud wuu.d uul tup I li
Hum Ins Ind us matt.'.
Mrs Wilsh. uf 211 Until nviiiuo, was Ln e id
do ui in.i si o ,u '.i. 1 l'v i.v ru .av, i, 1 -ii-atu
da Hlul- r.t j i i aviiu'. I.i drne" of
the w.i n mriutiduro I nituatll lo Ihe p,d ual,
On 1" iluri'ty Drptll) I'oniplMllor llroen begin Ihe
Jiuakvi w.' 4ar. ssla lit'' 4i...rka-.', v.at(-".a it
menu oi uis en gutcinmtni lor a"nit,'a ion t-1 ,tiu
ee"t.oiitier jiu has cut ull a,l diinauUa lur extia sti-
Vlioa uud Sll Ililt-kUiei.
Ti'o linn Isaac Hell Is still one of the Cnmlsslot e s
of Kinigt uiun, and has nol rrainnel hia pom o i ss a
rr-iuper if thai Hoard, alihungu lis has sunoantrd n s
lutfti.'.t'.a of not sppesilog si tneir meotlngi sxiin. sliI
0,la!t lo ssM li. Ids IsiUuiUijc fi;t sk.
A RUINED MKRCHANT'S END H
.i svicjiir vyinnt mr su.tnvir otf
ruixiir ciivticii.
feprirnleil Irum hla I'mully by lluuiratla H
'1 ruublea-llrlven lo Ituln unit llrapnlr H
by Itiim-l.lvlmr nn the Clinrllr ot H
FrleuiU-A I'ntnl Drop ot illurlnlln Arid. H
Yesterday afletuoon, Frederick Stiiruifcls, H
Germau, in company with John Brlthen, was walk" H
li.g down llroadway. When Ihey reschod Trinity
Church, Slurnilels staggered and fell lo tho pavo
r..ent as though Inn fit. Officer McMsnus, who s.air
Biuitniels fall, rsn to bis usslslanco and taised limi
up. Ho was lusenslMe and foamed at Iho mouth,
lie was carried lo Ihe Church street station, and H
the loiico surgeon was summonod. lt'u,ro the PSaasi
pl.)slclan arrived MHirtnrels expired, ln lsl pocket saaJiK
was a boltle ot tnnrlatie ncld, a drop of whlcu It H
enouiii to kid any human being,
biarnucla's career was citrkered. Ilo w as bum ,H
In Germany, of l.lghly riarrctablo end Irtluerinl
p. rents. All the con, forts ai d ediirtition Hut wealth.
coi ld be'tnw were given Mm, l.e gradimed irom
eno of Germany's greatesi unlreif llles, and wis
master of a number of lin.'uaiea, llr married
A WtlllAN Or WEAI.TU and n I rt s li r i T. H
He rsrroird to Paris about thirty years nio, and be"
came a merchant. Ho wai very succtssful lu Ml
undertakings, Tl o Hiurmfels family moved lu faih
lonable aoclely, and were iverwlieie rurdinlly ra- H
celled. Domestic difficulties arose. Mr. Ulurmfolg H
quit Paris alone jtars ago, andcume to New Y'orh H
with sgood cspltal lo stait In liiislne's, lleaci up H
In lleekmsn atieet as a commission paper merchant, H
Ha did not prosper. Ills domestic difficulty pre) ed H
on bis miud so heavily thai II unnerved Mm fur H
business. He finally gave up business, and became H
su agent for Alansou P. llsrd, paper morchaul, ol H
41 lleekmsn H
Mr. Muimfels giaduatlv fell to drtnklnt to drown H
his surruvv. As uu agent, bo bad tu travel often to H
Europe. In ono of Ms trips to Paris be had an In I H
lei view with Ins wife, which onlr lucre ised fie IH
iiilsiindcrntiiidli'g between them, He returned to H
New tork and beciiuu
nrtPNKAnn. f M
His "ctvirta were soon dlsneustd wllh, snd lie H
wasaluue lu the world with a lew liuudlo t doll ita gH
lu his pocket. I M
Mennttme his vlfc removed to London. Mr. H
Sliirinri'ls wont In I. n fun nnd hud snolV'r Inter- H
view with bl wife, which Irreparably duunitol awavaaaaaaal
thorn. lis rhlldien orro against liltn, and tie ro
turned to New Yutk with a broken heart. Ilia H
money soon na out. but l,o waa tuu prutid lo lira H
on charity. He wandered nrnnnd tho atrcrts aud H
often loUed ln p dice si dlnris, H
Mr. L. Groas wno keeps a hotel and tarden at Ml H
William stirel. iino da met Mr. ttluritiicls In tin H
street and Hulled 111 ns lo bis lion o Ilo tta)od at H
Mr. Oiosa's house on the condition that be would H
lay when he uliluitiod wnr. Hut work was nol H
soon fnrtlronunt. Mr. 'I'irmfo's gave up dilnkltig, H
lint "uon sink Into n.elani my. roiia prsonA H
niro aij'osled to lur Wurk, I ul ftrlur.r was rgili at H
or H
A few weeks ago blurmfels told Mr. Gross's bar-
tender t! at he vus ttred of lile, and aaltej bitn H
whoiher be cuuld get a pistol, as bo wlsued lo blovy B
out his brains, 'll.o birtendcr, suppuaing that h H
was Joklhff, went across tlio street and borrowed a. H
pistol, which be gave tu Murmfcls. bllirrafels H
placed It tn Ida pocket and said t.ial bo was golmt
thai night up lo Junta's Wood to kill himself. Ha H
dlt not, however, shoot himself, and returned to his H
old quarters, rilunrfels's pride w is slung to tins u aavaavaaiai
"t,Hirg"i)e'Ca'U''.f rtr)"w'osni(Ti7 tTir'ciialirr, iilVliouin 1
Mr. Gross ulteu assured Lliu that ho sauuld not ba H
ui'oiay nn that aeore. H
On S.iturda) Mur.litrl" bought a hollfe of murlatlo H
acid, and vrsttrday took a Oiop ol It, which killed H
s-el'hen, who was wllh htm, says that he did nol IB
see him lake tl.e acid, cllluu was detained as rt 'H
wtioess ut the Cliurci streit station, and a Coroner 'H
was summoned. H
Ultrmlels's daughter Is tbe leading pianist of tha
Grand Conservatory of Mu'tc ot Pari'. Hid some of H
bla other children occuny prominent ro-ltions in H
tbe woild of art. Sturuifels wns about GJ ysxrsuld.
a ic.txs.ts- Tii.iaciir. lH
A .ainn Killing hla Children by Drlvlnt Ten..
penny Nnlla inm tliedr llesidn. i H
Sr. I.ovis, Nor. 12-Jchn 1'. l'!iicagan, !:c!-;
near Oiage Mission, Kanios, having recently suffered
pecuniary lusses, rssoivod to despatch himself and
family, On the Oth he procured some chloroform.
During thu night he ajmlulsterod It to his wl(s
and Ids two little girls, aged two months and
two )eirs. About 4 o'clock In the morning.
Mrs. FlanJgon awoke from tbe stupor tro
ducod by the efloroform, and dicovrol
hor bushand driving toapsnny mils lubi
the held o one of tlio cnlldroii. Fivlng lo Hie res.
cue of her bibles she found them eiplrlng from Ibui
ellccts of the blonslrom tlio hatchet aud nails, baa
siitieeded tu dlsanuiiik her husband and cava tha
alarji. FUi ar'in vr-j imn Inlo cunudy. A letlei
was tvur.'d Itv-ked to the wull In tta room addressed
to some of bis relatives, In which ho aavt that In
consequenco of hit mlud being In audi a condition
be could not do anvthtng. and had deletinlnsd to
kill btusolf and family, excepting Ms sou Ciatenca),
irASIUStllOX X0TK.1.
The ipe-l'l arent of the Treasury Derarttncnl LLal
sei I out to hina and J.inan tn t x tiii'm Into eo-ianUi H
alfairs has made a ver) Usniaam report ou Cousu. H
tlrnernt Mew art ami srvrral minor c mis da, rne.ron, 1
dltluu olatTatra there la sucn as tu nominate a nuuioor ssaaaaaal
ebsi
Tho Untied Stairs snd llrltl-li Comnlssnn will
sssrmhle in IV s-hlnuton to morrow Mi llnaard.tnq
llrltniiiifent.su n 'n iniirio'id liv lua l iverniiieur
not to present to Hie I oiuin.s Ion the elainia ol peiaoi s
heretufure l.riiuii mbjeeia who have rxcuius ualurat,
ized cuizcasif Hie Lulled bin tea.
1'Kitsux.ti, ixrm. i. in i:vis.
The Hon. S S. Cox baa coutrlbnUid lo the Los
monnmebf fund.
Oen. fieri pas tendered hi" realenatlnn as Col
lee ur uf Internal Hettnuc.lu lake etftci on the Slit Ll
Dr Ilorare Greeley dlul W'I'h Oen. Junrl
(I'll Irne and Mi. Cbirlaa ioaluu lu the Stevens lloual
eienuig.
Bergeant Van Duen of Hio f ttureh stte 't stitlon
Is a sun ofthollun .1. Van Hu'cn trie nwiy I'ctcl
Aasemblyman Irom Montgomery couiry.
Mcrllng old Capt. Joiiii Cjinri n I" '.irirahly
ipogeti ol as a Polio" t'oinii iri ti' miv 'ho in
I'unibMtls aie leglalited ou' o ottlrL' luwili prob ll
ablyt.iueMr Manten o'a id i e.
Now lhat Hosa llurtun h i l. n t fur
At'lernisn in Jtrnuklru, he ta l n ink. i t r, Ire..
d uev oi 1 1 pok'rai'ln il I 1 1 -n v II in Hons says EH
ho uiuil have it. and thai tl ei u. rH
Mr. Henry f'losu. Supei iiiteudont of Hie renatr rl
shops in the Pire liepatimeut off r li 1 o, nm la
attl iktlt lhat he dlsi li iiged .In n i-, "111 I Ineoin. fSaaj-V
pelrlu'V. and III t Hi'' Isller won d I, d allliavrd
un e itur lay. the til,. thrr dnis btoi, iu elrctloa, Ijljl
If be had been al woik on thai day. 191
vv itiosiriiiH ti' cm Mr. .H
Daniel Folov and Jnine ivilren. murderers, ure
to bu tiled to day in the tirnrral N---nna. IIVH
'Iho wlfo ol J O ltva. of li". l.i'avcltn street,
llrou.hn, ktllid hersrir on I I oil)' uik'hl b) lenii'ri-g
iioni llm aeruiui .to, i wind'ia; inn mo lard, etunnat
boeu inarriod only a irai
Coruelms O'huluv in. ai e, ii'-ii r i.nd broker win
held at tlif l"niU- rra i la "il inn re "I olilvlntni
fa'U u"th ol le.itti. .un tal'r p. .eo i s Iruili IHuul
.Suaan,'.'; l.'ilr ll.i.l I'laro
Aboulons o'clock jester, lav vt, i noon. Michael
lltrnj. aged nu, amtlivo of Ire. i i i, li ig a' Mi I: iai
I-levonth slroui. white quaiVi'ioi,' w ,.loin, llmaeol tH
ion I att Klevei Ih street, was 1 1 i tin tm head and IJIjV
ueek aud very striuuitv lujiiii'd I, ,tko wai arrrsti ii.
Darlug the absrnct f Mr P a-- it a' lain i on Sal
urdiiyjliroe ililllane icred In Jew i y rataoilsliinrui.
st ro Nae3sii street md uiiiios.i na l.oun Nil, r i
lad ol II, iu cnargr oi he inan.iio im ed lib. m1 IH
wot lb ul waliiirn u twuliiiiooi- a, llielsdwaa ytH
ilrsif ied nio s F rk ruuui.saad aad bound, iinnd
and loot, with i opts. fH
Ilonjuiin and lleurv la vy w 'r t.tnpnrarlly cum"
mule, al the 'lomiia irsirror o.i i'.s niigo ul rum
inilMi.li a burglary at l.l Minic stuij,. Ilruuklin uaaaai
oirl) un bn'iixlnv meruit j li. i ne Mniioney ur IjlJH
rustid Hi mua Haiurdsv on siimm i ,u 't h. jirunri ty
wis louud toiii'ralod at a Ins i-1 n ai rrt. tsteruuy Laaal
ile property was Ideoiir)'") ai tr I n,
John IMzgersId was arrestej hi", n rlu bv Offieer
Joyce on v charge ol burglary lie li. Iglit of tli?
I .in of Oi toner 1 utgvraid. with It haul 1Y i ka broka
uno Mieluei llouui 1'a d iili ti v ai III itat I ly.fli ,1 r'aaaal
aueei, and stole tetorai uka I gui. Wirks luuso" OM
i n,-ni ly attempted lo inn a bnir'toi ihop oi Vtutri 'ayl
kvli'ie sn I whin di'le'."-I bw fvu joif ei'oaiu, ei "fAVJ
htm sn re-VeV and urrT,er'liMTO-y(! iitf,i'"l; u7
aovarolv. Ile wa arm. to i i,v se.L.an Jnmvsafsv H
oays ufierward, aud la tu J ill awai'lng tt last. VoH
Hiu inn a ftght ai 21 i ivi'i sii eet, on Ihe mnrol-i; rfl
ofK.'pt a, llarn r .r.i. -iru' k Kug"i Mci'arini wota
a pit tier and liai 'ur ,1 ii s ui lio.h nitu are pr n' H
n Ihe I J not nu.ii .i,y m ilir ,ml ol d"iili lor ',4al
li. iti-.v ni 1 IPs .v.t i I'.ri, to dip si iuu w ,a tafl
laacu ami I'm u"Hai ml w is cond ,u I in the Iuiim. xH
An ut tute w, a o Mn a, ilir uriiiao le 1 ins di raH
c ms" i. 'i iti 1'irk II a an 1 irft thai HiiliM it
,1, "ill r ,g l ,"i 'ii in d. Vos',' lay li 1 r Zafl
I ui "li' rr hop P's-ly lusaaie, blttaiug Ii. m xfl
hiv ,i ,,u 1 OjU
In i, C Drn, ir st and his two sun J O vil'i ijrj
l mat at aud i i I ti, .na iat, liuvr r.ir "t rf
ilia tad the eo;ifi nnj n n 'n,ou, i rry of ti,i VjkM
).t",'jir la.'v.'.fj;! 'ai. rrafiaa.,.,. ..a, afu i Kfl
kusu w ,a u vel wailil, lilt y won d ft i ill" rlil' go to trwl lyjtk
iihiisi aers. ltliciirgui lint fur aome tuu un,i I i yH
iie-irt.esu lisir not rfuin.d tu tuu Cuuii.siiy ihi ViU
smuunia leteiveu. 11 is a m si a lust psnsugrri h. i Kfl
been uvrri mug '0, Ihe kurpi Iis.i t I'eoi aplroi. rxH
si d uy ll.o lleinairats v 'er lar iuo m o' I f Hrm v. aV
I, w, rr hr,d uy Ju t.eo I i a u u e naraa r i. fCM
b xiliiiiieni ro hi i tlio n ad' ui J ii N Abbott, faal
f.ai IM (Jjl "flW )'aaae" a-l tl-lir,'e ft