CHICAGO.
The Frightful Conflagration
Quenched at Last.
Rain and Gunpowder
to the Rescue.
Graphic Accounts of the Origin and
Expansion of the Fire, the Ter
ror of the People and
the Sufferings of the
Shelterless.
Five fiandrcd Lives Lost Twelve Thousand
Houses Burned Three flnndfed Mil
lions in Property Destroyed.
imm INCENDIARIES CAUGHT,
The Men-Wolves Hanged to
Lampposts or Shot
Am
m BOTS FATAL KE&08ESE LAMP.
Resistless Speed of the Fire? The
Boar of the Flames? The
Storm of Burning Brands.
The Hurricane Helping the
Conflagration.
?attiaid night ?f One nnndred Thousand
Pnple? Heartrending Scenes.

Dcy|n Men and Boys Falling
Victims to the Fire*
Adilea of Wooden Pavement Burn
ing?A Literal Sea of Flames.
IMMINENT CITIZENS KILLED.
Fears of Pillage? 1,500 Special Police
and 500 Troops on Guard.
flMamped on His Prairie B irttij,
Deaths, Hake Jness, Cold, Thirst
sad Hunger Among
the Homeless.
Signs of Returning Life to the
City.
the Lrgislatnre to Meet Business About to be
Resumed The City To Be Rebuilt Ho
tels and Banks to Reopen.
newspaper* Reorganixiiig?1 The Postal
Sarvtoe? The Food and Clothing
Sapply? Work To Be Provided
for the Panperi?ed.
The Are, unexampled in American annals,
which broke out at ten P. M. on Sunday
night in Chicago, and which in the short
period of thirty-six hours swept away twelve
thousand booses, including the entire business
portion of the city, after having completely
?OMnmed the entire northern division, was
?topped in its reooil southward by the blowing
down of houses and the merciful fall of a
heavy rain. Our reports of the lire, from its
Origin to its latest chapter of horrors, will be
found to contain all the obtainable facts at
tending ibis overwhelming disaster.
THE WAR WITH THE FLAMES
CHICAGO, Oct. 10, 1811.
Tlie Are demon that has been for two weeks
?talking over Uie rolling prali les or Wisconsin and
Minnesota, devouring forests ami hamlets like tin
der, and even adding human lives to his mad repast,
Has at last fallen upon Chicago in one or those awful
visitations to which rapidly growing marts art
aebjected. Bis ravages were aggravated by the ex
traordinary drought which has for weeks prevailed
in the Northwest, rendering the earth and every
Iking resting upon It
INFLAMM ABI.K AS TOW.
tia*foimii of Chicago in area and one-half in
.vakie is in ashes. Last night at eight o'clock a
/bog living on the corner ol Taylor and Ha)?t?d
V streets Kent to the stables to milk hi* cow; at noon
r*04ay not lung was lea in Chicago but dwelling
{booses aroond the outskirts. The names oaught in
Ms kkms straw and communicated to tne hay and
?he rick, and the northeast wind caught through
the burning roor, and flung it abroad over the dry
and famishing city, ji burned with uncontrollable
fury, and m five minutes the block was in flames.
wiNn sucibd jHROUcn rna bmkw,
M tailed op the room like sheets of tissue paper ami
Into the *lr. u* ?Vo<? 'fee J
Are had swept five blocks along the Sooth Branch
clean of building#, mainly cheap tenement house*,
with a large warehouse and a factory or two, ana
by twelve o'clock it bad reached Jack won street and
encountered a large district still smoking from tbo
Are of Friday night. Here it
CONSUMED A BBIDGE,
caught a schooner and destroyed ami sprang serosa
tbe river straight towards the business centre of
the city. The streams of water seemed to feed tbe
fire like fountains of oil. Its raid was ungovern
able, and it sped Inward with a wedge-Bhaped pro
gress, breaking as it went. The wind increased.
At one o'clock the fire burned tbe Michigan South
ern depot and th? New Pacific Hotel, nearly ready
to open. Ten blocks were in ashes. Ten thousand
people had assembled, and corps of the bravest and
most efficient men nghtlng vainly In front, it spread,
despite all efforts to baffle. It bulled its brands
Hke great kites of flame over the city to tbe lake. It
was a roaring furnace. By three o'clock It had
reached tbe vital part of Chicago, and bad even
LEAPED ACROSS THE MAIN RIVER
and sped northward at four. Most of our cltlzcns
were on the streets In the vicinity of the fire. At this
present moment it is known tbat at least tbree
square miles are totally m ashes. Every business
block of importance is burned without an excep
tion. Not a newspaper office is left, not a decent
hotel, not a popular ball, not a place of amusement
of any sort.
THE FEARFUL DESTRUCTION.
The fire swept the Homing Post, Zeitung, Repub
lican, Hail, Timet and Tribune In tnelr
order. The Post Office, Sherman, Brtggs, Tremont,
Metropolitan, St. James and l'almer House are all
gone. Several vessels are bnrned in tbe river, it
borneq over on the south between tbe lake on the
JM#'
feast, river on the north, tbe sonth branch on tbe
west and Harrison street on the sonlb. About 100
solid squares of business buildings on north, all the
territory east or Clark street and north two miles to
Lincoln Park, Indeed, as I write tbe fire has leaped
across Clark at Ontario and is making its way north.
TBI WEST SIDE COMPARATIVELY SAFE.
Westward on tbe side of tbe river tbe loss is com
paratively insignificant, not more than a down
being burned. The loss 01 life cannot be estimated.
OMH LOAD OF COBFSM
has gene Mown Wabash avenue. Tbe city outside of
tbe burned district looks like a camp; 100,000 home
less people are scattered along the sidewalks with
their furniture, tf they saved any. Every block is
crowded, women and children are cooking their
rood along tbe curbstones, tbe greatest distress pre
vails, and depression is seen in ail faces.
FIPTV THOUSAND PEOPLE AM OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
and 10,000 business awn lave loot their all. Insur
ance is felt to be worthless. Tbe Mayer has re
ceived sympathetic despatches from all quarters,
and replies, asking them to send oooked rood. Sbert
dan'bas given requisitions on the United States com
missary.
Tbo Starving In Um Burst District? Pre
vision* Arrl vine? Dead Bodies Takes Oat of
the Rulaa Tbe City la Parhoess flO,0O6
People Hoaseless oa tbe North Side? Dylsc
fTom Kxposare? Tbe Bxedns? (jnardtnn
Against TUIeveo? Insnraace Matters? The
Aliasing? 'A Central Intel licence Office
Opened? Hotels* Banks and Newspapers to
Reopen? Tho l^ealolatare to bo Convened.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10, 1811,
The special corresponoent or the Herald lur
nisbes tbe tallowing:?
Women and child reb are going around tbe burnt
district vainly seeking something to satisfy their
honker. They ask for relief, but there is non? to
give ibera.
HO ONE HAS PROVISIONS OR MONET.
What provision!! there were Id the city are now
burned or eaten, anil some lew people have enough
to last them (or a day. bat not longer. Provisions
have arrived from Detroit, Cincinnati, Milwaukee
and St. Louis, and are being dlstrlbntea as fast as
possible. Twenty-throe dead bodies have been taken
to a station on the north side. At the present time
it Is impossible to know who they are. As night
comes
TBI WANT OK OAS IS KEENLY PELT.
There are but few candles in the city and no water
except what Is taken from the lake. Very grave
fears of outrages by thieves on the west Bide are felt
en every band. General Sheridan, who lias been a
hard worker all tbrongh the fire, Is
arm. camjng for tboops
from different points to keep order. All business
and work are suspended and every one is intent on
securing first something to eat and a place of
shelter.
THE DEVASTATED NORTH SIDE.
The suffering on the north side Is heartrending to
witness. Fifty thoasand men, women and children
huddled together like so many wild animals,
and in other places 17,000 Germans and
Irish praying for relief; helpless children
asking for bread; heart broken parents, who know
not which way to turn or what to say, and nothing
to do but await the distribution or supplies, whlcb,
at best, mnst be a slow proceeding, as there are
parts of districts over which It is almost impossible
to travel, present, Indeed,
A HARROWING SCENE.
Women In the pains or childbirth, and patients
who have been moved from beds ol sickness to save
tneir lives? which, at tlie best, were nearly spent?
were all exposed to the rain of last night and the
cold, raw winds of to-day.
DYING OP EXPOSURE.
Several deaths have occurred at Lincoln Park,
and three women have brought children into the
worlo only to die. There are people who, in the
bitterness of their souls, ascribe the calamity to
god's judgment.
A ucrman said to me, "This is a second Sodom
and Gomorraii, and the curse of God Is on It."
Another night must be spent in Lincoln Park and
Bnokflelds, at Division street, and yet another and
another. Each train and extra* are loaded to their
fullest capacity taking people away, who, in many
instances, have no place to go, yet ther cannot stay
bere; and every train is obliged to leave five times
as many passengers as It can take away.
PRECAUTIONS AGAINST HUMAN WOLVES.
Every-precautlon la being taken by the authori
ties to gnard the people to-night, and if morning
comes without robberies they all will thank God and
go lorward with courage.
THE FIREMEN OP THE WRflT AT WORK.
The Indianapolis Fire Department are here and
doing good service.
Springfield and Peoria have done nobly, contrib
uting liberally. The expression of sympathy on all
hands M most gratifying, but Help must come.
The Kvmiwj Journal got out half a sheet to-nlglit.
and other papers will follow to-morrow, some
presses having been found.
The private residences of Horace White and Wm.
Dross, of the Tribune, were consumed. Mr. Medill,
Mr. Cowies and Mr. Wilson, of the Journal, also
Mr. lltorey, were more fortunate.
The genera) agent of the jBtna Fire Insurance
Company of Hartford annonncea that the company
will pay every dollar of the insurance.
Meetings of cluaens in the west and nortn sides
will t>e kept open the rest of tne night.
A KANE TO OPEN? PAPERS SECURED.
The Commercial National Bank will commence
ikeUr t?-m?"ow. M**J>wAUft
they reopen for business on Wert Washington
street, They opened their vault thin afternoon,
mid all their booss, papers and securities were in
perfect order.
DEAD AND MIS8INB.
There la a rumor that In a Darned blacksmith
shop on Rush street the bodies of fifteen men were
lound burned to a crisp, they having rushed Into
the shop to escape from the flames which had sur
rounded them beiore they bad discovered their
peril. An immeuse number of people are missing,
and for the purpose of aiding In the discovery 01 the
missing ones a central intelligence office has been
established, where are collected the names or all
missing ones, and they are given to the police.
Tne large hotel In the West Division, Just com
pleted, has been taken by Gage bros. A Rice, late of
the Sherman House, and they will open It In ten
days. It will be known as the Sherman House.
T11B NORTH DIVISION IB SWBPT CLEAR
from the Chicago River to Wright's Grove, a dis
tance of more than three miles. But one house
that of Mahion D. Ogden, formerly Mr. William B.
Ogdcn's? remains standiug In the entire district.
A large poi tion of the population, driven from thin
desolated ground, are
BNCAMPBD ON TUB PRAIRIE
to the north, where they have nothing but the canopy
of heaven to cover them and scarcely sufficient food
to satlsry their hunger.
A meeting of the citizens of the State was held
this evening, at which resolutions were passed
recommending Governor Palmer to call an extra
session of the Legislature at once. Ex-Oovernor
Oglesby was appointed to proceed to Springileld
and lay the matter before Governor Palmer.
All the packing houses in Chicago and many of
the elevators remain uninjured, and these two
branches of Chicago's beet property will be but
slightly interrupted.
The Directors oi the Chamber of commerce met
to-day, and resolved to proceed at once to the
RE-BRBOTION OK TBB1R ELEGANT KIJIKICK.
Two companies of United States infantry ar
rive d bore this evening, and will be at once put on
patrol duty.
HISTORY OF TBE CONFLAGRATION.
Chicago, Oct. 10, 1071.
HOW THB P1BB ORIGINATED.
The following la an account of the history of tne
disaster by those wuo witnessed and fought the
flames:?
Late on Sunday evening a boy went into a stable
on De Raven street, near the river, on tbe west side,
to milk a cow, carrying with htm a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over by tbe oow, and the barnlng
fluid scattered among the straw. This was the be
ginning of the great fire. A single extinguisher on
the ground, or active work of the police In tearing
down one or two sbauttes, would have prevented
tbe spreading of the flames, but the engines were
l waited for, and when they arrived the firemen, stu
pefied by their exertions at tne first lire, on Satur
day night,
WORKED SLOWLY AND OLUMdlLT.
Their efforts nnavailed. the wind irotn the south
west blew a gale, rapidly the flames shot from
house to house and board yard to board yard, nnttl
the district burned on the night before was reached.
Meanwhile
THE FLAMES HAD CROBBBD THB HiVBR
noitb of Twelltb street on tbe south side, and made
for orlck and stone and business diockb, railroad
freight depots and manufacturing establishments.
Tbe lull extent of danger was realized for the first
time; tbe Fire Department, already tired out,
worked like heroes.
THE 8UP1NENBBB OP TUB A0THOK1TIKH.
The Major and city government, that had supinely
rested, now began to exert themselves, but tne op
portunlty had been lost. The time when thorough
organization could have blown np buildings or pre
pared for the emergency was neglectcd and it was
now a fight for liie. The wind blowing asiiffgale
bad possession of She flames, and the beautiful
bundle KS Chicago's ?lnr?_ law itieill- Har
rison, Van Buren, Adams, Monroe and Madison
streets were soon reached, tbe intervening blocks
from the river to Dearborn street on the east being
consumed. Three-quarters of a mile of brick blocks
were consumed as If by magic.
IGNORANT OK THK1R DANUKII.
It being Sunday proprietors mul employes were at
borne, utterly unconscious of wha*. was transpiring.
Those who saw the flames supposed it was i tie re
mains of Patordav night's (Ire, and having cunfl
dence in the Fire Department were unconcerned.
ALIVE TO THE TERROR.
Between eleven and twelve o'clock a ruiuor got
abroad that the lire was in the business portion of
the citv. Then the people commenced moving.
Horses were brought into requisition to take the
propr etora and others to the conflagration. What a
scene met ihelr gaze I The Board ol Trade, Court
House, Western Union Telegraph and Associated
Press office and hundreds of other buildings were
all aflame. The air was filled with live coals, which
were hurled to the north and east a beacon of de
struction.
THE FIRE BN?;NEH WIRE POWERLESS
for saving. All that men could do was to blow up
buildings, bnt this availed little.
The Thiven, Tribune, lo.*t, KeVuUlicaii, Journal
and other newspaper offices, the West"rn News
Company block. Field A Leltter's estabiunment, the
Drake block, recently built, Farwell A company's,
all were soon In ashes. It seemed t hat no sooner
had the flame struck a wall than It went directly
through, and a very few minutes suftlced to destroy
the most elaborately built structure, the walls
meiteu and the very bricks were consumed.
THE WOODEN PAVEMENT TOOK PI RE,
making a continuous sheet of flame two miles long
by a mile wide. No human being conld po**iblv
survive many minutes. Block after block fell, and
the red hot coal shot higher and higher and spread
farther and fArther until the north side of Lake
street was a vast mountain of flame from the ilver
to the lake. At one time, so hemmed In were the
people that it was expected thousands must perish.
Sherman. Tremont and other
HOTELS WERE EMPTIED op THKIR (IUBST8,
and a remarkable sight presented itself" in the hur
rying throngs, with trunks, sacks or bags on their
shoulders, fleeing amid flames for their lives. Those
who could made for the remaining bridges, others
got next to the lake shore and so south, one block
in all the vast business section remained at day
light, vl?:? the block. The i "us torn House
and Honorc block, in Dearborn street, had burned
and those who had rought the flames here thought
at least this block could be saved.
PlOliriNO TUB Pl.AMRS.
A patrol of men, under ham Medlll, swept off
live coals and put out flames la the sidewalks, and
another lot of men, under the direction of Mr.
Joseph Medill, watched the roofs. At half-pa-t
seven o'clock these appeared safe, and most of the
men went to get rest or food, A number went to
sleep to the Tribune building, lint there was
A CHANUB OP WIND.
The flamos reached Wabash avenue, Ntate street
and Michigan avenue, and soon McVloker's Theatre
caught lire. In a few moments ibe Tribune was in
flames, and at the last moment the sleeping men
were aroused And rescued from the flames. By ten
o'clock in the lorenoon this remaining i>iock was in
ashes.
TRE P1RB STAMPEDE.
Now was to be Been the most remarkable sight
ever beheld in this or any country. There were
from 60,000 to 7ft, 000 men, women and children flee
ing by every available street and alley to the south
ward and westward, attempting to save their
clothing and their lives. F.very available vehicle
was brought into requisition for une, for which
enormous prices were paid, and the streets and
sidewalks presented an extraordinary sight.
Thousands of persons and horses inextricably com
mingled poor people of all colors and shade* and
of every nationality? from Knropo, China and
Afrtea? mad with excitement, struggled with each
other to get away. Hundreds were trampled under
Jo M. N?B Mid wonen were MV?d with
and their household goods, to whose skirts were
clinging tender
INKANTH, IIALK-DHBHSRi) ANI) BAREFOOTED,
?11 seeking a place of safety. Hours afterwards
these might have been seen in vacant lots or on the
streets, lar out In the suburbs, stretched in the dnst.
These are the suffering lambs whom Christ now
calls on the rich world to leed and clotne. Qod
help them If the heart of man shall prove obdurate I
maddened by pibk.
One or the most pitiful sights was that or a mlddle
a?ed woman on state street, loaded with bundles,
struggling tnrough a crowd, singing the "Mother
Goose" melody,
Pickery, Cblekery, Crany Crow,
I went to tbe well to waab my toe.
There were hundreds of others likewise dis
tracted and many made desperate by whiskey or
beer? which, from excess of thirst, they drank In
absence or water in great quantities- who spread
themselves in every direction, a terror to ail they
met.
KIVB HUNDRED LIVES LOOT? KB AB PPL INCIDENTS.
H In tearful to think of ihe lo-w of life. It is con
jectured with good cause thai nearly five hundred
have been burned to death.
We saw four men enter a burning building and In
a moment they were overwhelmed by a falling wall.
There was a crowd of men around the corner of
a building, trying to save property, when, the wall
yielding, some of them were buried beneath It
About twelve or fifteen men, women and children
rushed into the building of tlie Horticultural Ho
ciety, a fireproof building, for safety. In a few
minute? the flames burst up and tiiey were burned
10 death.
prominent citizens burned.
Among those who took refuge In this building
was the venerable Colonel Samuel Stone, eighty
years of age, for a long time conncoted with the so
clety; also John D. Gerard and wife, Mms. Depel
grone, the noted teacher of uiu^ic. it is feared that
Dr. Frcar and family were also burned, as they
were In the building and have not been seen since.
Mrs. Edsali, whose husband was murdered lact
neek, and who was suffering from an Illness, was
carried away for protection to a building which was
afterwards consumed, and it Is reared she also per
Isned.
VALUABLE DOCUMENTS DESTROYED.
All the books and papers or the Historical Society,
Including the original copy of the famous Emanci
pation Proclamation (President Lincoln's), for
which the society paid $25,0 >0, were destroyed.
save the children.
it is feared that a large nomber or children, in
mates of tlte Catholic Orphan Society, on State
street, were also burned, as many of them are miss
ing. on Chicago avenue a rather rushed up stairs
to carry three children away, when he was over
taken by the flames and perished with them. The
mother was afterwards seen on the street on the
northwest side,
A RAVIN 0 MANIAC.
In the same neigh boruood a family of five persons
perished. The list of such fatalities is very long
and can only be lull; verified arter the smoke shall
have cleared away. There are hundred of families
on that side who saved no clothing, but barely their
lives. Among these is the family of Perry Smith,
formerly President of the northwestern Railroad
Company.
rant HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS LOSS.
A careful survey of the insurances to-dav shows
that there were written on the property destroyed
over two hundred millions of dollars; add another
hundred million to this sum and a rair estimate
can be reacned of the loss. All the leading mer
chants who have been seen express their determi
nation to
REftl'MK BUSINESS AT ONCE.
This includes heavy houses, such as John V. Far
well, Field, Letter A Co., and Sprague, Warner A
Co. Farweil A Co., and Field, Letter A Co. saved
iroin threo hundred thousand to a half million dol
lars' wortu of goods. Botn firms have already
established headquarters on the west si^e. Field,
i Letter A Co. have just Issued the following:?
A COOI. CIRCULAR.
To OCR Patronh? Wc have eared all our booka and
oaprra, and havn opened au ollice at No. GO Calumet aveuu?.
We truot yon fully appreciate our oltaatlon and all who are
lixtebled to un will make immediate payment We Khali
never ceaae to thank you lor pant aut lone. In a abort time
we expect to b? reorganized, and ready for bueiueftt aoon.
FIKLD, LB1TBR A CO.
ENTERPRISING JOURNALISTS.
The Hituhm Journal ami Tribune hope to publish
?mali sheets to-morrow. At a meeting 01 the busi
ness men to-day a spirit was manifested to at once
mi to work to rebuild Lite city and restore business.
I no M??| .Ti nt TO Jf KBT II" MJLL4U&
A spcoial meeting of the legislature Is 10 be Hold
to provide means for aiding the business men aud
provide employment for the poor. Fears are enter
tained that the desperate distress of so many win
create squads of pillagers, and tlmr life will not be
ear*. To relieve these General .Sheridan Is tele
giaphlng tor more troops, and special police forces
are being organized by me citizeus. The only
effectual remedy is to
KIND BMFLOYMBHT KuR THE THOUSANDS
wlio would work if they could.
The temporary office of the Western Union Tcle
grauH Company Is througed by thousand* auxiou*
to advise friends. The operators are busy every
moment, but us the number of wires available are
tew, airl the (ires in the country threaten the**,
Oneral .Stager has directed that private (family)
incflWges aud press despatches shall first go.
T08TAL AHRAN<> KMKNTS MADE.
Perfect arrangements have been made by the Post
Office authorities, under direction of Colonel Wood,
for sending, rocelviug and distributing all mail
matter.
THE SITUATION.
The fire Under ?'?utr?l? Kxirnt of the D?
vuistiaii.
?'HICAMO, Oct. 10, 1871? Noon.
The Ore continued to burn all last night on the
north side, but this morning is under control. It is
literally true to say that there is uotning remaining
or that side from the river north to Lincoln Part on
the north, and from the north brancn or the river
on the west to the lake on the east. Tnis portion of
the city, except along the main river, where there
were business blocks, was occupied by dwellings.
I'NHIIKLTSRKI) TBOI'SANIIS.
Two thirds of the imputation of this district were
German and .Scandinavian. These people are
now homeless. Some of them are in
frame building* on the northwest section
and others on the prairies without shelter
throughout the day. Yesterday a renewal of the
flies on the west side was looked for, and a change of
Ave degrees in the direction of tne wind at any time
would have led to that result. There would thon
have been no refuge for any. Everybody had their
ciothlng packed ready to start for the prairie at any
moment, but Ood i|erted this last possible addition
to our disaster.
rain at last.
At sundown the wind lulled and at three o'clock
this morning the rain, so fervently prayed (or,
came. It did not rain long, but the roofs or houses
and the ground have been wet, so that now It is |ws
stble to have Ores and oook food lor the multitude.
A MKKTINU OK CITIZBNfl
was held In the First Congregational chnrch. in
West Washington street, which was oontinucn
throughout the night. Measures were concerted 10
protect what property was leit and to provide ror
the homeless.
PCMriNfl WATKH KKOM TUB KIVBK.
Messrs. Richards and Charles Cralne, of the North
western Manufacturing Company, have contrived a
plan, which is i*>ing put into execution, for provid
ing waetr in case or Ure breaking out at any time.
The machinery or their works Is being used ror that
purpoee, and their engine and boilers are being
used ror pumping wat*r from the river.
NrtCIAL POI.M E AND TROOPS CA 1,1*0 OC r.
Mficen hundred citiaens were sworn In last night
as an extra police force, and the Secretary or War
authorized General Sheridan to employ all available
troops ror guard, and Issued an order ror 100,000
rations. Five huudreo soldiers arc on duty.
IliOIHBUlIT DRMONH lANUIIK
'nils precaution was necessary; for, as remark a
i>t*i ps M uwt seem. tk*re wer? OeiuM who ft?)i
sought to extend the disas'er. Two men, eanght
in the act of flniu houses on the weal side, were
arrested and immediately hung to lamp poets? one
on Twelfth street, near the river, and the other
three wiles away, on Clavbortie avenue, north ild&
This summary action ha* checked Hie thieves and
murderers.
PIHKMEN AND BN01NK8 ARRIVE CONFIDENCE RE
TDRvrKd.
The arrival of Bremen ami engines from Milwau
kee, St. Louis and other cities, has apparently
restored confluence. Tne Cincinnati train arrived
ibis morning with four engines, three from that
city and one from Dayton. They were seventeen
hours on the way, having to change the ronte twice,
and then, Anally, came via Piqua and Lo^
gansport. There vu an inexpressable plea
sure in seeing thott experienced men go
right to work, in a businesslike way, where
work was most needed. Tuey are playing on coal
pUes to save whatever of fnel is possible, and pre
venting the farther spread of the flames. The vast
plain is covered witn people wandering about,
seeing the evidences of a wealth that has com
pletely vanished in flames and smoke.
DBTBRMINBD TO K BTRIEVE TUB LOBS? TIIE NBW8
CAPERS.
A few business men with some netve are seeking
houses for business on (he west side. Rooms that
rented last week for $&u now readily command
$0,000. Ther%ye not many of these, but enough to
allow a few bflhess meu to start. The newspapers
will be started again In a few days or weeics.
Mr. Joseph Medill, of the Tribune, who is ono of
the heaviest sufferers, succeeded yesterday in leas
ing a brick building on Washington street, at the
tunnel. He also purchased two single cylinder
presses used in a job o nice on the west side, and
lias
TBI.EOBAPflBI) EAST FOB PAPER AND TYPE,
there being nothing of the kind left here.
Mr. Story, of the Time*, will erect a rough one
story building and begin the Issue of that paper as
soon as material ran be procured.
The Journal is provided for on the west side.
The Post, Republican and Slants Zeitnng will also
arrange lor business as soon as practicable, but.
everything must come from elsewhere. There is
nothln gleft.
WATBR WATBR I WATER 1
Water for drinking and household use Is secured
from the lake and the parks, and for horses from the
river. There are a tnousand people camped about
the artesian wells, four miles out, and perhaps as
many more at the lake and on Puller ton and Victor
avenues, near the prairie.
FEEDING TUB PBOPI.B.
The people are being fed in the remaining
churches, school houses, in sheds and by the road
sides. It was cold and chilly this morning, causing
great suffering.
FBAHR OK PINB WEATHER.
It 1b now clearing up again; but instead of this
being welcome tne people are praying earnestly for
more rain, so fearful are they of a continuance of
the flames.
A Fall* Report? The K're has Not Attain
Urakea Oal-Mwc laceadiariea HasttU
and Hbot.
Associated Press Opficb, 1
New Vork, Oct. 10? s P. M. f
Tlie report received at a late hour this afternoon
and bulletined throughout the cltj that the flje had
broken out a train in chicago in a quarter hitherto
untouched happily proves untrue.
Oeneral Palmer, Vice President of the Western
Union Telegraph Comapny, on reading the report,
telegraphed directly to (ieneral Stager, Superln
tendent of the Coiup iny, now at Chicago, (or con
firmation, and received the following reply:?
Chicago, Oct. 10?4 P. M.
General Palurr:?
A lire started in a small building on Thirty -first
street, but was speedily put ont.
The incendiaries are busy, but seven or eight
hanged or shot at sight. AN80N STAtiKK,
A CITIZEN FIRE-FIGHTER'S 8T0RT.
The UngovcrnRUe Fury af the Fire? The Haar
af the Flames? The Fire Working Back
Auaiust ilic Wind? Over the River Aaioag the
Wooden Dvrd!in?a? Meanness aad Extortion
Amfd the Flarnee? Drnnken Men and Rnys
Burned to l)r?th.
ClilCALO, Oct. 10, 1871.
Tbe following reliable ami graphic description of
the fire has been fornlsbed by n gentleman wlio par
ticipated in the work of subduing the names during
their continuance:?
"None Out an eye witness can form an idea of tlio
fury and power of too fire-fiend as he revelled
among the palntial liuildings and warehouses on the
south fide, with
THE WIND BM)WTN?) A HURRICANE.
At limes it seemed but Hie work of a moment for
the fire to enter the south ends of buildings front
ing on Randolph, uike and Water streets, and re
appear at the north doors and windows, belching
forth in fierce flames which oiten licked the oppo
site buildings, aud then the flame* issuing forth
from the buildings on both sides of the street
would unite aud present
A SOI.ll> MASS OK F ItK,
completely miintc t he street from side to side, and
shooting upward a hundred feet into the air above
tlie housetops lu their mad career. Thus was street
after street Oiled with name, und the exultation of
the fire fiend was given veut to in
A KCPOI'KMNO ROAR,
which can only be equalled by combining the noise
of the ocean when its waters are driven dtiriug a
tempest upon the rocky i*eacii with the howl of the
blast, nuge walls would topple and fall Into the
sea of fire without apparently giving a sound, as the
roar of the fierce element was so great that all
minor sounds were swallowed on, and t ie rail of the
walls was only perceptible to the eyes. If the
reader will recall to his mind the fiercest snowstorm
in his experience and
1M AO! NB THK SNOW TO BE FIRE
as it suraed hither and tlnther before the fury of Hie
wind, tbey will tie able to form a faint contention of
the names as tbey raged tii rough the streets of our
doomed ciiv. Many of the buildings situated
along South Water street bnricd their red
hot walls In tbe water of the river,
Into which tbey plunged with a bins. The heat
was so intense at times from some of tbe burning
buildings that they could not be approached within
150 feef, which accounts for the manner In whlcn
THE I IRE WORKED RACK.
and of ien against *hc wind. The are, after reach
ing the business portion of Randolph and South
Water streets, leaped tbe river to the north side iu
an incredible short space of time, and thence
among the wooden buildings on that side reached
the lake shore, alter touching block alter block of
happy dwellings with its fierce bla?ts.
such a scene
OF UTTER P0WBRI.BSSNR?*
lu face of au enemy was never preseuied than that
of these people trying to oombat the Ore fiend, for
the combat was not of long duration. The people
bowed their heads in anguish of spirit and suffered
the fiend to have untrammelled swar.
While there are many instances of generous devo
tion on the part ef rich and poor id dtviuiug with
tbe destitute, there are
PAINrCI. INSTANCES OF MEANNESS
and selfishness, one person was trying to remove
valuable papers from an office and asked two fire
men to help bim, but they refused unless he paid
them $40; 'he papers were destroyed. Drivers of
express wagons have taken fiooand even $600 for
an hour's nse of their vehicles in getting distressed
people away from danger.
Among the sad scenes of the calamity was the
appearance of
III NDREP8 OF MEN AND BOTH BEASTLY INTOXI
CATED,
?round the streets or the North division, wbeie
saloon keepers' stocks of liquors were turned into
the street, and tarnished a convenient opportunity
for tbe gratification of their slavish propensities;
and there can haraiy be any doubt that many oi
these poor wretches found their
DEATH IN TUB FLAMES,
Iron which tbey were too helpless t? escape- One
poor man had crowded for refuse into the water
main, lying in the street, near the water worsa, bat
the flre-fleud found him even there beforo ne coui.l
get bis body wholly in aaretj, and robbed him of bis
lire.
PRINCIPAL BUILDINGS BURIED.
Anions the doe buildings laid in ashes by tUo
great Are are:?
The Court Boose.
Chamber or Commerce.
Custom House and Post Office.
Western Union Telegraph Office.
noma.
Hhcrmai Bouse.
Tremont Bouse.
Brlggs' Bouse.
Metropolitan.
Ht. JamoH.
Palmer Bourn.
Blgelow Hotel.
Pact tic Hotel (unfinished).
tukatkkh AMD
Crosby's Opera Bouse.
MoVloker's Theatre.
Dearborn Theatre.
German Theatre.
Par ire; I Bail.
Aiken's Museum.
railroad depots.
Illinois Central.
Rock Island.
Michigan and Southern.
Northwestern.
BUSINESS 0003M.
Palmer block.
Farwell Co.
Drake block.
Field, /.el t ung A CO.
Bonore block.
Brown, Buut A Wlnsiow.
MnwsPAPn omtM.
Tribune
Mali.
Times.
Post.
Republican.
Journal.
Staats /.eitnng.
CBDBOHW, HO.
St. Mary's.
Trinity.
First Presbyterian.
Hecond Presbyterian.
St. Panl's
Swedenborgiau.
Catholic Orphan Asylum.
ANOTHER ACCOUNT.
The Path mf the flw-faHI>slsi? ?f ttm
Spread? The Water Work* Bw< 0? i
eral Aberldns at Work BUwtaf Dsws
Benip*? lie Mion ike Plain an Tfct flMwItg
aad Klevatora Dettrtred-Thr WMki
PaTemeni and NldeWiIki (I?imib(4.
Ci.ivkland, Oct. 10, 1891.
Mr. o. B. Taylor, son of Mr. B. W. Tayior, of this
city, manager or the Chicago Agency of tne Cleve
land Paper Company, who left Chicago on Monday
night, gives a better aoconnt of the dlsastevlhan
has been before obtainable. Be says tue fire com
menced on the west side, in a house on Balsted
street, between Bunker and Dekoven streets, a short
distance north or Tweitb street. From this potnc
it travelled northeastwardly, crossing the blocks
diagonally, until It reached Despiainos street, near
Pollc. In this vicinity was a large planing mill,
which took Are and burned with interne heat.
From this building
CAME Al.f. TBI MISCHIEF
the wind war blowing furiously, and fluke* of Ore
from the burning planing mill were carried nftmg
to great distances, causing flames to born in
dozen places at once, though widely Reparoled, one
line of Are tr a veiled rapidly In
A NORTHBA8TEBLY DIRBCTION,
across the south branch or Chicago river, between
put and Harrison streets, and reached t?ie lake at
Congress street, ai utc
Ore was travelling more nortnwanlly, iroeslug
the river near Van Baren street, whilst the
flames continued due north along Canal,
Clinton and Jefferson streets, the wind blowing
a gale from the sooth carried the burning fragment*
so far northward that Ores burst out almost simul
taneously all over tne district between Harrison
street and the Chicago River. This territory con
tains the best business portion of Chicago, includ
ing tne great wholesale and retail establishment*,
the banks, hotels, newspaper oOicetr, Ctfurt House,
Custom lluu-c and Post Ottlce; Chamber of Com
merce, Telegraph bulldlDg and railroad depots, With
TIIB SPEED OK A I'BAIRIK FIRB.
The flames swept through this vaat amount of
property, and converted it luto a raging hell. 80 sud
den and unexpected was the spread of the flames
that there was little time lor saving property; but
the fury of the Are was not stayed at the river, the
burning brands were carried across far up 10 the
north side, and the flames swept from tne river up
to Lincoln i'ark, carrying everything berore them,,
DK.^TKOTIKfl THB WATER WORKS
on Pine street and Chicago avenue, and the sup.,
ply of water being cut oflr the flames had it all their
own way. The tire swept tnrough the Catholio
Cemetery, and latest rumors said it had entered
Lincoln I'ark, reached the woods beyond and
was sweeping up towards Evanstou. How far thia
is true could be ascertained wiien our
Informant was there was lint little communication
with the north side, but the intense glare and
smoke In that direction showed that the work of
destruction was still going on. The Are did Its work
perfectly; brick, stone and wood, Areproof block
and white wood shanty shared the same fate. All
were levelled to the gronnd.
HBRK AND TUBUS A t HIM SKY STANDS
or a fragment of a wall, but over whut was the
finest part or Chicago the eye can range unob
structed save by smoke. What was once Chicago mi
now a plain covcred with contused heaps of bricks
at white heat. Streets arc blottud out, and not m
landmark remains to show tne oldest inhabitant
where he stam's. Such complete obliteration can
not be conceived possible unless It is seen. The Are,
after It had passed northward, turned for tnue and
commenced travelling
SOUTHWARD, AI O.NO WABASH A V KNI'B,
It was at this time that Lieutenant ^oueral Sheri
dan came on the field and commenced
blowing up buildings, In company with
Surgeon Ash aud Mayor Mason, he drove rapidly
throuuh the menaced districts with cans of powder,
and blew up houses wherever he saw It ncceeearj
to stop the names, a house on Wabash avenue,
just south of Csngrctas street and next door eaet to
that of Mr. Laflo, was blown up, which
STOPPED THB SOUTHWARD PBO'illMS Of TBI
r I AMKS.
The river was crowded with shipping. Theee, as
a matter of course, were destroyed. Ho rapid waa
the progress 01 the flames that it was impossible to
remove them from the danger in time. A num
ber of
THE FINEST RI.KT AT0R8 IN THB CITY
were burned. The Court House records are
supposed to he destroyed tnough a rumor
was corrent mat a portion had been re
moved to one of the tunnels, aud possibly
said there were grave fears as to the safety *f the
bank vaults, but the facta in regard to them cannot
be known until the ruins ceol off the Nicholsou
pavement burned up, the ere travelling ou the
pavement as It progressed along the blocks.
THB WOODBN SIDKWAI.ES BCBNED LIRE TIN DBS.
and assisted In spreading the flre. Thousands of
people were on the streets Monday evemug without
food or snelier. Men who on Sunday were worth
Bullions were sitting on Monday night on Me curb
at 000, with their lamllies penniless and hnnsry.
Many of them who were supposed enormously
CONTINUED ON NINTH PAGE.