etllontsttr gailg Spg
rVDLISIIED EVERT MOBNINO.
(SVNnir EKCEPTEU.)
t *8 per year% if paid strictly In advane*-
Olberwlse, 75 Cent* per Month*
(rhe ®tassad)nsdfs Spj,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 177#.
18 PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
Al 89 per Annum.
Jr BALDWIN A CO., Proprietor*.
NO. 414 MAIN STREET.
euloncstfr gailn ^pn.
CITY NEWS.
No Paper To-morrow.—This is one of the
few mornings during the year upon which we
say to our renders that there will be no paper
to-morrow. They will need no further explana
tion than our wish that they may all have a
Merry Christmas.
There will be a meeting of the choral union
this evening. Ihe next rehearsal will be on
Monday evening, January I. 1872.
Boy wanted to carry morning papers. One
Jiving in the west part of the city preferred.
Apply at the Spy office.
The post office will be open until noon to-day,
and will close at that time for the remainder of
the day.
There will be a children's entertainment at
the Webster square church to-morrow evening,
the proceeds to be given to the Sabbath school
library.
The lower reading room of the free public li
brary will be open today, as usual on legal hoi-
Mavs, from 9 a. m. to 1 p. m., and from 3 to 5
and 7 to 9 p. m.
Fhere were but tv;o cases before the municipal
<’ourt on Saturday, John Kennedy was sen
tenced to a year in the house of correction for
larceny; and George Headrick to three months
in the same iustitutiou for drunkenness, second
offence.
One of the most atractive festivals of the
seascf.i is the one arranged by the ladies of the
Grace M. E. Church, to be held at their vestry
on Tuesday evening. The singing, under the
direction of the old folks, will be worth the price
of admission; and their antique dresses, with
supper served in style of olden times,will not fail
to intetest all who may attend. They should
have a good house, for their cause is a good one.
The entertaining singing of the Brennan s at
Mechanics hall, Saturday evening, in ronne*.
tion with the panorama of Ireland, ensured a
lull house for this afternoon and evening. The
music of high mass at St. Paul’s church yester
day morning was enhanced by I heir singing.
The lady saAtg M O Salutarls/* by Waller, and
Mr. Brennan an uffertoiro by Haydn. The grand
Erin ir.atinceat the hall this afternoon will be
for rhe special benefit of children, and the price
of admission is fixed accordingly.
Thcjiberal appropriation of the city council
tor defraying die expenses of the high school
house dedication, next Saturday, will enable the
committee of arrangements to make the affair
wor.hy the magnificent building which calls for
Inc demonstration. With one of Gov. Bullock’s
e oquent and scholarly addresses, ami other ex
ercises in accordance, the occasion cannot fail to
be highly entertaining,
I he snow went off with a rush Saturday night,
tu the great astonishment of people as they
looked out oi their window yesterday morning
and saw mud instead of the snow which cov
ered everything when they had looked out a few
hours before. The sudden change from the in
tensq cold of Thursday to the dissolving tem
perature of Saturday night—nearly sixty dc
grees—was a feature uncommon in this part of
the country, and it will be a wonder if damage
is not occasioned by the rise of water which the
streams must necessarily experience.
Christmas shopping, although made disagree
able by the sloppy and slippery walking of Sat
urday afternoon, could by no means be post
poned, but went busily forward. The purchas
ers had their thoughts so intently occupied in
making selections and enjoying in advance the,
d* lights their gifts would cause, that they secm
ed oblivious to such trifles as dripping caves,
dangerous ridges of ice, etc. The regular order
of trade was somewhat mixed up; ladies pat
ronized cigar stores and bought masculine pres
ents ot smoking sets ami choice brands of cigars,
while men sought presents fortheir lady friends
iu milliner'' shops. And it all goes towards the
merriment of this Christmas, which “comes but
once v, year.”
Ihe Temperance Meeting at Mission
chapel, on Summer street, last evening, was
better attended than those on previous occa
sions, but not so fully ns it should have been,
considering the importance of the cause. Rev.
Mr. Cheever presided, and remarks urging more
earnest effort and persistent labor for the sup
press on of the evils of intemperance, still so
rife in our midst, were made by Messrs. E. H.
Peabody, Wm. Mccorney, Timothy K. Earle,
Henry Boswell, and M. Almy Aldrich. The
blasting effects of indulgence ip intoxicating
drinks upon our young men,.just entering upon
active life, and the duty of temperance men to
lend a helping and sympathizing hand in their
bchalt, in the midst of the thousand tempta
tions besetting them, were enlarged upon.
Mr. Cheever spoke of the duty and responsi
bility of the proprietors of large landed estates
and manufacturing establishments in this re
gard, and the immense influence which they all
might wield, and which sonic of them did wield,
to their great credit, for the fuithatance f this
great cause, as well as at the same time for the
promotion of their own material interests.
There was excellent music by the choir, Mr.
L. Um rington leader.
There will be a Christmas tree at the chapel
this evening, at six o’clock, at which, among
<the other entertainments, will be exercises bv
the band of hope.
Sabbath and Christmas Services.—At
the First church (Old South) rhe pulpit was sup'
plied by Rev. Mr. Makepeace, a young clergy
man of much promise, and who officiated in an
acceptable manner. At this church the excel
lent quartette choir sang a Christmas hymn,
“Exulting Angels;” and also recognized fore
fathers’ day, just passed, by rendering in excel
lent style and effective manner the hymn of the
pilgrims:
“The breaking waves dashed high
On a stern and rock-hound coast,
And the woods against a stormy sky
Their giaut branches tossed.”
The usual evening vesper service was held in
the Church of the Unity, the vocal selections be
ing appropriate to the Christmas festival, and
rendered in an artistic manner, affording much
satisfaction to the large audience assembled.
A choral service was also held at the Univer
salist church, the choir being augmented in the
evening to a double quartette by the assistance
of Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Knight, Mrs. Lucy Allen
and Mr. A. E. Cutting, under the direction of
Mr. C. C. Stearns, organist.
Al the morning service of this church the
choir sung the anthems, “Arise and Shine,” by
Dudley Buck, and Christmas anthem, by Wil
son, “Shout the Glad Tidings.” In the evening
the exercises commenced with organ voluntary
and singing by the double quartette the Gloria,
from Mozart’s 12th Mass. “Tantum Ergo,” by
Lambilctte, was also sung, and a Christmas
song, by Adams, was also finely rendered by Miss
Fanny Childs, the soprano of the church. At
this service the pastor, Rev. Mr. St. John,
preached an appropriate Christmas discourse,
which was listened to by a large audience com
pletely filling tuc spacious ami beautiful church.
At Trinity church, yesterday, the pastor, Rev.
Mr. Mallalien, preached in the morning an in
teresting discourse appropriate to the approach
ing Christmas festival; in the afternoon there
was a Sunday school concert, and in the even
ing a praise meeting conducted by the pastor.
Great interest was manifested in this service, the
house being densely thronged, and the people
uniting heartily in the service of song in the
house of the Lord.
At the Episcopal church the Rev. Mr. Hunt
ington preached in the morning his fourth and
last “Advent” discourse, and conducted in the
evening the usual services of the church. The
singing in thia church is unique, being performed
entirely by male voices, boys sustaining the
soprano and alto parts, and is an attractive fea
ture of the services. The decorations oi the
church are elaborate and in fine taste, being ad
mirably adapted to the architecture of the edi
fice. Services in this church will beobseived to
day, as usual upon Christmas, except that the
children’s festival|wih be postponed to Thurs
day next, “innocents” day.
In the Catholic churches the usual decora-
^Urcrstcv IS Jhuln ^pn.
VOL. 26, NO. 304.
lions arc made, and services will beheld to-day
according to the usages of the church. Christ
mas is the great festival day of the year with the
Catholic church, and will be. hailed with joy by
the millions of that faith throughout the world.
COUNTY NEWS.
Mrs. Henry Sawyer of West Boylston, who
was supposed to be fatally injured last Thurs
day by being thrown from her sleigh, has so
far recovered that she is considered out of
danger. Her injuries were not so severe as first
supposed.
On Tuesday evening, December 26, Rev. Ed
ward Everett Hale will recite his new story, en
titled “Hr Did His Level Best,” as the fourth
lecture In the Grafton lyccnm course.
The opening lecture of the Millbury lyccnm
course was given Friday evening by “Carleton.”
Subject—"The Great Northwest.” The large
audience were deeply interested in the account
given by the lecturer of the future great empire
of the west. The next evening of the course is
to be occupied by K v. E. E. Hale with his new
story, “lie Did His Level Best.”
One Michael Whelan of Milford was found
nearly frozen to death on a recent cold morning.
He hud fallen down in a drunken condition,
and in his delirium he gnawed one of his fingers
nearly off. His hands and feet were frozen stiff,
and it was with difficulty that a circulation of
blood sufficient to sustain life Could be started.
Ihe citizens of Brookfield hold their annual
reunion in the town hall, last Friday evening,
Geo. W. Johnson, Esq., presiding. Music was
furnished by the Brookfield cornet band, under
the leadership of 11. W. Rice, and by the glee
club led bv Mr. PowelL Speeches were made by
several gentlemen mid declamations by mem
bers of tilt high school. The affair was very
enjoyable and a vote was passed unanimously
to have a similar meeting in one year.
Narrow Escape from a Terrible Acci
dent. A dispatch, received at this office, la%t
night, says: “The steamboat train on the Hart
ford and Eric road met with a serious accident
this afternoon. Ihe train was thirteen hours
late, —owing to the storm,- and, when near
E ist Dougins, the engine struck a large rock,
which had been washed into the centre of the
track, breaking the cow-catcher in two, break
ing an axle of the tender and smashing every
brake of the train.
The train consisted ol baggage car, smoking
and passenger car, which, fortunately, was not
thrown from the track. Where the accident hap
pened, il was full thirty feet high, and if it had
g me off serious loss of life would probably have
resulted. A new train was made up at Black
stone, arriving at Boston at half past seven this
evening.”
Court of Reference in Ashburnham.—-An
important reference case, involving an interest
to the amount of some $200,000, in issue be
tween Charles and George C. Winchester, the
millionaire chair manufacturers in Ashburn
ham, has for the last three or four weeks been
pending in that town, and is not yet concluded.
The referees are Hon. Henry W. Paine oi
Boston, Charles Heywood of Gardner, and
Amasa Norcross, Esq., of Fitchburg. It ap
pears that the Messrs. Winchester, who had
been carrying on the business together in that
town for some twenty-five years, dissolved part
nership a year or so since,Charles selling out his
interest to his brother, the junior partner, but
some disagreement arising as to the terms of
settlement, the case was carried into court, from
which it was transferred by agreement to a
court of reference, constituted as above. Mayor
Gaston and Mr. Perry of Boston are arguing
the case for Charles Winchester, and Hon. Bcnj.
F. Thomas of Boston and Hon. George A. Tor
rey of Fitchburg fur George C. The establish
ment of the Messis. Winchester is one of the
three largest concerns of the kind in the coun
try, the other two being those of the Walter
Heywood chair company in Fitchburg, and that
of Lev i Seth Heywood in Gardner.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THBWOKCEITEB DAII.Y
New England Dispatches.
CONNECTICUT.
(Special Dispatch to the Spy.)
Plainfield, Dec 24.—A serious accident oc
currcd lo a passenger train, bv tlie explosion of
the boiler of the engine, Saturday, near Rock
ville, on a branch of the Hartford, Providence
and Fishkill railroad: the engineer, named M.
S. Collins, of Pittsfield, Mass., was killed; the
fireman, Frank Vogt, was seriously injured;
also a boy twelve years old, son of Mrs. Warren,
telegraph operator at Vernon, Ct.; no others in
jured.
MAINE.
Bangor, Dec. 24 I wo men visited a jewelry
store in this city on Friday, and, under the pre
tence of wishni'j to purchase, managed to get
off with some S2OO or SBOO worth of goods.
The Boston Advertiser says that Moses Gid
dings, Esq has been elected president of the
board of trade of Bangor, in place of Mayor
Dale, deceased. This item has gained the Ad
vertiser great credit for enterprise, as none of
our citizens, not even the board of trade
themselves, were aware of this fart.
Criminal B ecord.
MORMONDOM.
Salt Laki:, I’tah, Dec. 24.—The Robinson
minder examination was closed Friday after
ii'ion. Ilainpfon, Toms and Blythe were com
mitted to await the artion of the grand jury.
1 he other parties arrested were discharged.
It is reported by the Mormons that Brigham
Young will be here next week.
THE CHICOT TROUBLE.
Cincinnati, Ohio, Dec. 24.—A Memphis spe
cial says about thtce hundred negro men, thor
oughly armed with shot guns and pistols, part
of whom came from Arkansas, left there last
night, ostensibly lor Helena, but it is almost
certain they arc going to Chicot to assist their
brethren.
A special from Little Ruck says that reliable
advices from Chicot county establish the fact
that the reports of the fugitives at Memphis
have been greatly exaggerated, and that the
authorities have taken ail the necessary steps
for a complete restoration of law and order.
VALLANDIGHAM’S LAST CASE.
Dayton, Ohio, Dec. 24.—The McGchan case
at Dayton went to the jury Saturday afternoon.
A verdict of “not guilty” was returned.
TERRIFIC GALES AT THE SOUTH WEST—GREAT
DAMAGE TO PROPERTY.
Louisville, Dec. 24.—At noon, yesterday, a
terrific tornado passed over a part of the coun
try lour miles below New Albanv, Ind., break
ing down limbers and destroying 700 feet, of
trestle work on the Air Line railroad, inflicting
damage to rhe amount of several thousand dol
lars. A buggy, horses and two men were lifted
from the ground and carried forty feet. The
occupants of the vehicle escaped unhurt. Tim
bers snapped asunder like whip cord.
Memphis, Dec. 24 —The gale on the river was
very severe. Ihe steamer Phil Allen was blown
on Reeve’s bar and sunk. It is believed that she
can be raised.
St. Louis, Dec. 24.—A strong wind storm
passed over this city yesterday afternoon and
(lid considerable damage. Several walls of un
finished houses were blown down and roofs were
torn off, chimneys and fire-walls were demol
ished, fences levelled, smoke-stacks were toppled
over and other damage done Two young girls
were somewhat injured by the falling ol a fence,
and several other persons were more or less in
jured. The steamer City of Alton was blown
across the river and a number of other vessels
were torn from their moorings. The gale lasted
about one hour and came from the west. No
serious damage was done.
SUICIDE OF A CRIMINAL.
Philadelphia, Duc. 24. —Charles Crouse
convicted a mouth ago of murder iu the second
degree in Monigomciy county, and sentenced
to eleven .years confinement, hanged himself in
jail to-day.
Accidents.
CARS.
Harrisburg, Pa., Duc. 22.—0 n Thursday
evening Richard Gusty and his wife were run over
by a train at Watsontown, eighteen miles from
Williamsport. The wife was killed and the hus
band badly injured, with a chance of his re
covery.
BROKEN RAIL.
Youngstown, Ohio, Duc 24.—A freight train
was thrown Irom the track down the embank
ment forty feet, by a broken rail one mile from
this place, on Friday. John Ready, a brake
man, jumped off, and was struck by the caboose
and instantly killed. The conductor and several
other persons were slightly injured.
From Washington.
(special dispatch to the Worcester srv.|
Washington, D. C., Dee. 24, 1871.
RESIGNATION.
Solicitor General Bristow has resigned, to take
effect nt once. A statement was printed here
to-day to the effect that it was caused by his not
receiving Mr. Akerman’s place. Bristow ten
dered his resignation last October, but with
drew the same, temporarily, at Ihe earnest re
quest of the president.
THE AMNESTY BILL.
When congress convenes alter the holiday re
cess, the amnesty bill wil probably occupy a
week, at least, in the senate, notwithstanding
the time already spent thereon. Mr. Schurz
will offer an amendment striking out all after
the first clause, which will make amnesty gen
eral. Mr. Sumner is also confident that bis
equal rights proposition will be adopted as an
amendment to the pending bill, and intimates
that enough republican senators have already
pledged themselves to vote for it to in.suic its
success.
MR. SCHENCK.
A short time since, Minister Schenck com
municated with the state department, asking
Secretary Fish to advise him as to his future
action in connection with the Little Emma mine,
in view of the attacks being made upon him in
certain newspaper quarters. The secretary re
plied that Mr. Schenck was at liberty to invest
in any direction he might see fit, ami that such
action would furnish no Just ground for com
plaint.
At the same time, he considered the publica
tion of his name as American minister in con
nection with the mine speculation .is unfortu
nate, and, under the circumstances, advised him
to withdraw. The president and secretary Doth
declare that the Little Emma affair has not
changed their regard for Mr. Schenck, and also
state that the latter has no intention of resign
ing. Kelon.
(Td ihe Associated Press.)
HAYTI AND SAN DOMINGO.
Washington, Dec. 24.—Official advices show
that our Minister Bassett has remonstiarcd em
phatically with the ILiyticii government against
its want of good faith shown in the observance
of neutrality in the domestic strife in San Do
mingoi The minister of fureiun affairs has du
dared ‘lull the government takes a lively inter
e«t in the independence of San Domingo, and
does nothing to foment discord there. Mr. Bas
sett docs not, however, believe in the sincerity
oi the Hayth'd gOVciunleHL
Decision on i he legal tenders.
The full decision of the supreme court in the
legal tender cases will be delivered on the 15th
oi January. Those who will unite in the ma
jority are Justices Davis, Strong, Miller. Swayne
and Bradley, and those in the minority are
Chief Justice Chase, Justices Clifford, Field and
Nelson, In addition to tile majority ami minor
ity reports proper, it is expected that several
of the judges will express opinions on different
branches of the question.
TREASURY INVESTIGATION.
Investigation into all the affairs of the treas
ury department by the congressional committee
on expenditures Mill be iesutned immediately
after the holidays.
PROBABLY A SENSATIONAL FALSEHOOD—AN
ATTACK ON THE PRESIDENT.
Numerous as have been the charges made
against personal and political friends oi licit.
Cram, but really aimed at the general himself,
it is rumored that the most important urn? has
been held in reserve. It will be remembered
that Senator Schurz came lime last summer to
protest against the further sale of firearms and
munitions of war to the Freni h, and it is now
asset red the German detectives, who kept watch
over the previous shipments, think they have
discovered that the returns to the war depart
ment are about $4,000,000 less than the cash re
ceipts tYom the agents of France. Four persons
are named in connection with (his alleged em
bezzlement, one of them an officer well known
in New England, who has disbursed many mil
lions of the public money, and who has never
before bad bis reputation even clouded by a
breath of suspicion.
AN IMPORTANT LEGAL OPINION.
Judge Wiley, in the equity court, to-day, an
nounced his opinion in the case of L. P. Child
against Nicholas P. Trist, sustaining the de
murrer and dismissing the bill. Judge Wiley,
in his opinion, recites that the act ol congress
of April 20, 1871, appropriated $14,599 90 to pay
the balance due Nicholas]*. Trist, the negotiator
of ihe treaty of Gnadaloupe Hidalgo, on ac
count of salary, &c., between April 15,1847, and
April 8, 1848. According to Ilie allegations f
the bill, Trist, in 1868, entered into an agree
ment with the father of the petitioner to pre
pare the case and present and prosecute it in
congress in consideration of the fee of one
fourth of what might be allowed. Ihe sum
is in the treasury, and their suit is for the pur
pose of enforcing the lien. The defendant has
demurred to the bill, and the question
is whether the court will enforce a contract
for a contingent fee for services rendered,
in procuring or aiding to procure the passage of
an act of congress for the payment of a private
claim. Had the contract been for services in a
court of justice|t would have been valid. From
the considerations of public policy, all such
contracts as this are condemned by the courts,
irrespective altogether of their fairness and open
ness. In particular cases the authorities to this
effect arc numerous, uniform and unsurinount
ab’e. He quotes that, by the justice given in
the case of Marshall vs. the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad and others, it is clear to his mind that
the contract sued upon falls within the inhibi
tion of the law by the act of February 26, 1853,
and savs that it is not for the couit to controvert
the policy of this act or to seek by a subtle in
terpretation to emasculate its meaning. We
must declare the law as we find it in the acts of
congress and in the decisions of the supreme
court of the United States.
The following statement was issued yester
day
The United States treasurer holds in
trust as security for national bank cir
culation 8869,652,500
And deposits of public money 15,249,000
Internal revenue receipts to-day 261,317
For the month. 64,101,168
Total tor the fiscal year to date 7,873,850
Mutilated notes burned during the week 418,150
Total amount burned 59,307,880
Currency issued for bills destroyed dur-
ing the week 563,280
Total Issued therefor 59,357,245
Balance due for mutilated notes 40,6.35
Bank circulation outstanding 327,578,826
National gold bond circulation 524,000
POSTAL.
The senate committee on postal affairs will re
port to the senate early in January what is
known as the Hubbard postal telegraph bill,
which is essentially different from the measure
recommended by the president. This bill pro
vides that the government shall make con
tracts with existing lines for postal telegraphing,
and shall not purchase them at a cost of hum
twenty to thirty million dollars, as contemplated
in the plan proposed by the president. Senator
Ramsey, chairman of the committee, is strongly
opposed to the adoption of any bill which re
quires the expenditure of so large a sum of
moncj’ at the beginning, and he believes the
plan proposed in the Hubbard bill would be ac
ceptable to the country, and especially to those
who are against purchasing outright the tel
egraphic lines already in operation.
MINOR .MATTERS.
William F. Purcell, ex-judge of the orphans'
court of the District of Columbia, died on Fri
day night.
Mr. Sumner’s amendment to the constitution
restricting the holding of the prcsidental office
to one term is likely to lead to warm discussion
in the senate when the matter comes up for con
sideration. Several prominent republican sen
ators express their opposition to it, and an
nounce that they will try to secure itsjdefeat.
Indictments are in course of preparation
against a person for frauds practiced]upon the
government several years ago. Tncre is no
statement given of the time when the arrest will
be made, and names are withheld from the
public, but the evidence in hand is such ns to
justify the expectation of the recovery of a great
many thousand dollars and a successful crim
inal prosecution.
There was a total suspension of all official busi
ness here to-day, while the sleeting storm and
ice which covered the streets rendered them al
most impassable. Large numbers of officials
and other persons left on the evening trains to
spend Christmas at their homes.
HORRIBLE THAGEDI.
Erie, P»l, Dec. 24.—A horrible tragedy oc
curred at Kane, Pa., on the 20th inst. The wife
and child of Patrick Burns were found dead
under a barn near their house. There is no
doubt that bo'h were murdered, the wife having
been strangled and the child's skull broken.
Burns has been committed to jail to await the
result of the coroner’s inquest.
Fire Record.
AT FORT WAYNE—LOSS SBO,OOO.
Fort Wayne, Ind., Dec. 24.—fhc loss on
Beaver, Miller Co.’s planing mill, which was
Friday, is $25,000; insurance,
wBOOO in the Royal and' SISOO in the Imperial,
S2OOO in the Franklin and
81500 in the Phooiilx, both of New York. The
loss on the. chair factory, is $5(100; insurance
small. The loss on the othnr buildings will nor
exceed SSOOO, with S6OO insurance.
AT CAMDEN—LOSS $20,000.
New York, Dec. 24.—English Co.'s oil fac
tory at Camden, N. Y., was burned Friday night.
Loss $20,000; insured.
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 25, 1871.
FROM EUROPE.
France.
PROPOSED INCREASE OF THE CIRCULATION OF
THE BANK OF FRANCE.
Paris,Dec. 24 —l'he bill to increase the cir
culalion ol the Ban!, of France, for the reliel of
trade and commerce, was still pending when fhc
assembly adjourned. The committee which Ims
llu* matter in charge, while agreeing to its prin
ciple, have not vet determined upon the amount
by which circulation is Io be augmented. Au
increase of 2,700,000 francs will probably be
adopted iu the end.
THE AMBASSADOR To WASHINGTON.
Who is to he the French ambassador at Wash
ington still remains unsettled. The name of M.
Ferry, officially announced some time ago in
connection with the mission, has been with
drawn. Contradiction is given to-day to the re
port that Gen. Cissey was going to Washington,
and that his place as minister of war is to be
supplied by Gen. Chanzv. M. Borlcau is now
mentioned as ihe probable future minister.
Italy.
NEW CARDINAL.
Rome. Dec. 28.—1 tis understood that Arch
bishop McCloskey of New York was elevated
to the position of cardinal, in the secret consis
tory lately held in the Vatican.
Our New York Dispatches.
The CliriMinnM Goonv IlnngM I,ow for
Connolly He MtHI OrrupieN “Private
zlpnrintcnfN” at Palau dr Hue l.udlotv
Tw«til and Tammany—MiatiNtiCN—The
I'niiu! Record of Munday Crime, etc.
New York, Dec.24.—Ex-ControllerConnolly
will cat liis Christmas dinner m Ludlow street
jail. His friends, in accordance with his ex
pressed wish, made efforts to effect, his release,
but the required amount of bail has not yet
been secured, and the attempt has been for the
present abandoned.
Mr. Courtney, Air Connolly’s counsel, says
that no new steps will be taken to free his cli
ent until after Christmas. He claims that he
could at any moment furnish the required bail;
bin. that under all the circumstances of the case
he docs not think it advisable to proceed in the
matterat present. Mr. Connolly's health is not
good, and, as he is well lodged and cared for, it
would imti he considers, be wise to expose him
to further anxic‘tics<
The bondsmen whose names have been sub
miiti d to the sheriffare approved by that officer,
but the amount of bail offered is barely three
quarters ol the full amount demanded. The of
ficial notification of the reduction of bail by
Judge Learned was handed to Sheriff Brennan
Friday afternoon, aiid tills action first led to the
belief that a determined effort would be made
to set Mr. Connolly at liberty. Neither the slier
iil nor district att'anev has any new warrants of
arrest. No courts arc sitting, find the grand jury
have adjourned. The toreman of the latter, Mr.
Comstock, had an interview with District-At
tornev Darvin yesterday morning, but the sub
ject under discuesiott wus kept secret.
The rumors of the flight of Cornelius Corson
aie industriously circulated, and it certain
that he has not been in this city for several
days. It is claimed by bis friends that he isj in
Westchester county, whither he has gone to rest
lor a few days, having been entirely worn out
by his labors in the bureau of elections. He is
expected to visit the bureau oil Monday, at least
so say the clerks in the department.
I he rumors of Mn Tweed's resignation as
grand sachem of Tammany hall, mid as com
missioner of public works, arc apparently pre
mature: Uis resignation as grand sachem is in
iio wily ncce^''H»y to the election of his succes
sor, and it is therefore probable Unit he will re
sign rather than run the chance of deposition,
The report that Isaac IL Bell will be elected to
the vacant position cannot be traced to any
trustworthy authority. Those who know Mr.
Tweed well think that he will remain iu bis de
partment to the last, and it is said that lie in
tends to profit by the example of Mr. Connolly,
who was arrested and thrown in prison as soon
as he retired from office.
The new court house commissioners have in
formally agreed upon a plan for a dome for the
building, at a cost of $175,000, but nothing can
be done until a legislative appropriation of
funds is made.
It is expected that there will be a lively scene
arouml the citv hall on New Year’s day, it be
ing the first Monday Of the new hoards nf city
government. The old boards of aidermen and
assistant aldermen contend that the late elec
tion was unconstitutional, and will not resign
the rooms occupied by them. The new boards
aic easting about to see how tltey can circum
vent the present holders of the officers. The
mayor is understood to take sides with the pres
ent incumbents, but will not probably take a
very prominent part in that, or any other fight
that may turn up around the city Imll hi the fu
ture, as he has kindly taken several admonitory
hints given him by leading spirits of Ihe com
mit tee ol seventy.
fhc committee of seventy have perfected a
new charter for this city, to be presented fur
action to the next legislature. It provides fur
the corporate powers of the city being v.-sted in
the mayor, aidermen and communalty. The al
dermen to be elected in April, forty-five in num
ber, nine being elected annually in each senato
rial distri< t After being elected, provisions are
made that the board shall not vote public
moneys to any charitable institution unless rec
ommended by the heads of charitable depart
ments, and then only by a two thirds vote.
An abstract of doings of the aldermen is to
be published in a pamphlet, to be known as the
city record, instead of advertising the proceed
ings in detail, as at present. No money is to be
drawn from the city treasury, unless voted by
the board. The other sections provide for vest
ing the powers in the board of aldermen now
exercised by the several commissioners. The
entire executive powers are vested in the mayor
and heads of departments, who are appointed
by the mayor. I lie mayor is to give a financial
statement of the city to the aldermen. The
mayor's salary is to be $15,000. and that of the
aidermen S2OOO. The mayor may be removed
by the governor.
Ihe departments will comprise the public
works, public parks, docks, charilien, police,
health, fire and sinking fund commissions. All
the departments shall keep a record of their
daily proceedings, always accessible to the pub
lic. The members of the different departments
are to be appointed by the mayor, one annually,
to be five in number of each department, the
other four to be elected by the board of aider
men. The provision establishing the depart
ment of finance provides fur a public munthly
financial statement, and all books, vouchers,
&c., to be open to inspection by any member of
ihe finance commission.
The receiver of the Union square bank re
ports that the assets arc sufficient to pay all
liabilities and leave $42,000 for the shareholders.
The sheriff is notified be Tweed’s attorney
that the original or new bondsmen will justify
Tuesday.
It appears that Corson, chief ol the bureau of
elections, is spending the holidays at his resi
dence in Westchester county.
Owing to a leak in the pipes in the currying
house of the Metropolitan gas company, an ex
plosion occurred at six o'clock last evening,
whi"h totally destroyed the building and placed
the central section of the city in total darkness.
I*. McGrath was seriously injured. No fatal re
sults. Loss estimated at,530,000.
I'he escape of the workmen in the employ of
the gas company was due to a change of hours,
made a few days ago, by which labor is stopped
at 5:30 P. m. Had the old rule been in force,
there would have been a terrible sacrifice of
life. The district lighted by the Metropolitan
company extends from river to river and from
34th to 79th street. At 65th street and 10th av
enue the company has two large receivers, sup
plied with gas ftom the main works, and dis
tribute it in the upper part of the district.
These receivers were nearly full last night, and
the far up town residents escaped the Egyptian
darkness which afflicted those lower down. To
night, however, they suffer with the rest. The
company cannot manufacture gas until the
purifying house s rebuilt, and this,—with the
employment of all the men who can possibly he
put at work,—will take nearly two weeks. Zul
lekutler, president of the company, attributes
the explosion to accident, and says a similar ex
plosion might occur in any gas works in the
world. A frightful calamity was averted by the
presence of mind of an employe of the company,
who, shutting the gates leading to the mains,
cut off the gas from the houses. But for this
precaution, there might have been gas explo
sions all over the district.
Th<-upper part of the city, aliove 34th street,
is still in darkness. No services were held in
any of ttic churches there this evening. The
president of the Metropolitan gas company,
which supplies the city above 84th street, prom
ises a .sufficiency of gas to-morrow night, to
burn till twelve o’clock.
The chamber of commerce has received addi
lional subscriptions tor the relief of the west,
amounting to $45,000. The total receipts
amount to $1,001,848.88.
Some ten or a dozen charitable institutions in
this city will provide liberal entertainments for
their inmales Christmas dav.
Morrison R. White of Toledo, one of the coun
sel before the Geneva arbitrators, arrived in
this city Fiiday. He sails with his associates on
the Cuba, Wednesday, for Europe.
During the past week there have been 1401 ar
rests, 452 deaths, 440 births and 148 marriages.
Twenty-nine fires caused $15,820 loss, on which
was $146,900 insurance. Fourteen deaths from
small pox have occurred, and sixty-eight cases
have been reported.
A gourmand named Burscb, Friday night, ate
one hundred of the largest sized saddle Rock
oysters, and washed them down with seven
glasses of brandy. He is still alive and has a
large family.
A boy, arrested for theft, testified before
Judge Dowling that he had paid a police officer
$5 to get him out of the scrape, and that officer
will retire liom the force, probably to run for
alderman.
The order of the United American Mechanics
will celebrate Washington’s birthday in this city
by a grand banquet, ball, etc at which delegates
from the councils iu all the states will be pres
ent.
After two days’ challenging, a jury of twelve
was obtained yesterday, in Brooklyn, out of five
hundred citizens, to try the ballot-box stuffers
The qualifications of a juror were that he did
not read newspapers or know anything.
I he Brooklyn reform committee agreed that
the proposed new city charter shall provide for
one boaid of aldermen of nine menibcis.
One million dollars worth of unsold bonds of
the city of Brooklyn were destroyed yesterday,
on account of the coupons bearing ihe signa
ture of the retiring controller.
New counterfeit fifty-cent currency has ap
peared in Newark.
Thomas Larkin, conductor on the Third ave
nue railroad, was murdered last night by Robert
Halloran, a discharged driver, with a car hook.
Halloran escaped.
Margaret Cahill, a victim of abortion, died at
the hospital yesterday, after .living premature
birth to a child. The puhee are alter the abor
tionist.
Caroline Adams, formerly Edsall’s housekeep
er, at Rigefie^d, N. J., has been arrested on sus
picion of being accessory to the robbery of the
house of smue 880,000 worth ol bonds last
week. An intimate acquaintance of the Adams
woman, named Lambert Herman, has also been
arrested and jailed at Hackensack.
The Weather.
The I'Niml ProKiioNtirmioiKi A Nrvrre
Wind and Rflorni in Ihe Bi»l mid
NonthwcM, cic.
Washington, Dec. 24.—A small area of cloud,
and possibly rain, will probably advance from
the south Atlantic coast northeastward, Mon
day, and falling barometer, with partially cloudy
weather and rising temperature, from New En
gland westward to Michigan. Nou th westerly
winds will prevail very generally east of the
Mississippi, veering to west and northwest from
Michigan and Missouri to Minnesota, withcluud
and snow in the latter state.
HEAVY WIND IN CHICAGO.
Chicago, Dec. 24. —Heavy winds, yesterday
afternoon, did considerable damage to buildings
in the course of erection. Several of the inside
walls of the Tribune building were damaged.
Morton’s new building, on Washington street,
near Franklin street, was almost completely de
molished. I'he chimney in Byion’s building,
Lasalle street, fell. Several othei buildings were
slightly damaged.
SNOW.
Omaha, Dec. 28.—The late snow storm was
very severe, and extended through the moun
tains to the Pacific coast. Western trains are
reported snow bound, with a prospect that sev
eral days will be required to clear away the ob
sti fictions.
Indianapolis, Dec. 24 —A violent wind and
storm yesterday afternoon caused considerable
damatre. A portion of the roof of St John’s
cathedral was crushed by the falling of the upper
part of one of the front towers. At Lafayette
a large numlar of buildings were unroofed, in
cluding the Second national bank building, post
office and telegraph buildings. Several persons
were injured.
The 4'onl Trade.
Philadelphia, Dee. ‘24. —ln Schuylkill,
where the trade has been eminently unsatisfac
tory, no agreement has yet been reached, al
though a preliminary meeting of the two inter
estn has been held for discussion during the past
week, at which a commendable spirit of mutual
forbearance was manifested. An adherence to
the basis last in force in that region, which was
$2.75, with $2.25 as a minimum, is counselled,
and this will probably prevail; though whether
the agreement will be broken, as it was during
last Season, remains to be seen. The total re
ceipts for Ilie year will exceed the last year by
from two to three hundred thousand tons. The
supply ol anthracite will be about half a mil
lion short.
PrrMOinil Telegram*,
Lieut. Wm. H. Parker has been ordered to the
Portsmouth navy yard.
Busch, Nilsson’s insane admirer and persecu
tor. has been committed to an asylum.
Connolly’s property has been attached to the
amount of 514.000, for grocery bills.
It is rumored that Sweeny’s going to Canada
was due to his Fisk complications.
The prince of Wales is gradually regaining
strength.
Catacazy has gone to Washington, to join his
family.
Information is received that Schenck has with
drawn from the directorship of the Emma mine.
It is asserted that Gen. Sickles’ return points
towards renewed negotiations for the purchase
us Cuba.
Tweed is reported to have sold a SIOO,OOO
house; the purchaser assuming all risks of
title.
Judge McCunn, in a C3mmnnication,says that
it is unjust to charge him with being a ring
judge, as he has been battling the ring for
years.
The bar of Harrisburg gave a dinner on Friday
evening to Judge Pearson, who has just entered
on bis third term as judge ol the district.
A banquet was given at the union league,
Philadelphia, on Friday night, in honor of
George H. Bokcr, recently appointed minister to
Turkey.
Daniel Drew is stated to have lost $500,000 in
stock speculations during the past two weeks,
though his friends think lie has made enough
otherwise to nearly cover his losses.
There is another claimant for Ihe property of
Lochy Ostrom, the deceased Poughkeepsie miser,
in the person of Mr. A. Davenport of Bel
mont, Texas, who is said to have received a let
ter from Miss Ostrom, toward the close of her
life, giving him all her property.
A Niagara falls dispatch states that the grand
duke received a telegram from Queen Victoria
announcing the convalescence and probable re
covery of the prince of Wales, to which he re
sponded by cable.
Rear admiral Wiiliam R. Taylor lias been ap
pointed president, and Capt. F. A. Parker, Com
manders, F. M. Ramsav, William L. Truxton
and Montgomery Sicard, members of a board
for witnessing the examination of the class of
officers now under instruction in the use and
manufacture of torpedoes.
Chas. O’Conor is in something of a quandaiy
owing to the departure on Wednesday next for
F.urope of Wm. M. Evarts, his associate counsel
in the prosecution of the ring fraud eases. Al
though several excellent lawyers are available,
yet it is considered unfortunate that the emi
nent services of Mr. Evarts cannot be available.
The most eminent legal talent has been retained
by the ring for their defence.
Solicitor general Bristow,of the department of
justice, has tendered his resignation to the presi
dent, but it has not yet been accepted. Ef
forts are being made to induce him to withdraw
it. The trouble appears to be that Bristow
wanted to be attorney general when Akerman
resigned. He had always regarded Akerman as
a shadow in the law department, and his dislike
of the ex-attorney general hastened the latter to
resignation.
The grand duke Alexis arrived at Buffalo on
Saturday afternoon. He was enthusiastically
received by a large crowd, and immediately pro
ceeded to the Tefft house, A grand reception
was given him at the rooms of the Buffalo club,
when ex-President Fillmore delivered an address
of welcome. On Sunday the ducal party re
mained quiet, and to-day will proceed to do the
city. The ice will l>e cut around the Niagara
elevator in the harbor to allow the partv to have
an opportunity of witnessing the mode of re
ceiving and delivering grain.
Abbreviated lliMpntche*.
The health officer of Brooklyn reports that
the small pox is now under control.
The French national assembly has adjourned
until the sth of January.
i'he snow is ten feet deep in some parts of
Utah.
Five millions is the capital represented by the
English Erie combination.
The sale of a violently radical newspaper, La
Kepubliquc Radieale, in Marseilles, has been
prohibited.
The Philadelphia health officer reports 228
deaths of small pox last week, a slight increase
over the previous week.
A meeting of Canadian stockholders of the
Eric railroad has been held to form a combina
tion against the ring and the present manage
ment.
The Bible war at Hunter’s Point has ended for
the present in the triumph of the Catholics, as a
majority of the school trustees has resolved that
no religious exercises or reading of the Bible iw
permitted upon any of the school property in
their change.
The report that there were several deaths from
the bursting of a dam in California is contra
dicted. Extensive damage was done to the
mills along the Carsun river, Nevada, and por
tions of Dayton and Empire City were flooded.
Two cars on the Norristown road ran off the
track on Friday, and, upsetting, were burned.
No passengers were seriously hurt.
The Ontario parliament has been prorogued
until January 18th, when the vacant seats of the
new ministers, and those created by contested
elections will all tie filled.
Steamer Alpha returned to Halifax on Satur
day night, from St. Thomas, with passengers
and freight. In consequence of the report of
cholera at Halifax, the authorities refused to
allow them to land.
The Ene railroad protection committee in
London publishes the following as received from
the United States agent at New York: “The
new attorney general, Barlow, proposes in his
official capacity to break up the whole combina
tion of the Erie ring, without respect to per
sons.”
The Toronto board of trade unanimously de
clared that the city should aid the Toledo,
Thorntown and St. Louis Air Line railway to
the amount of $200,000, to enable them to com
plete the Ohio division of that route. The ac
tion of the board was endorsed by a public
meeting.
The Tribune says it is understood that Judge
Ingraham has lately urged his judicial brethren I
tn join in demanding a grand jury indictment
of that paper, but that the ellbrt failed. Aho
that Fisk had attempted to institute proceedings
against the paper for seeking to defame him. 1
The Tribune adds that no warrant has jet been
served upon it.
The number of deaths from small pox at Cin
ginn"ti during the week ending Friday evening
was fifty-seven. This would indicate that the
epidemic has passed the climax and is now on
the decrease, as last week the death rate wii'
B’Xtv-two, and the week before sixtv-eight.
Havan i letters state that Ihe Spanish ac
counts of recent engagements with the rebels
affirm that the latter, as usual, were annihi
lated, while the Spanish loss was very insig
nificant. It was also reported that an American
brig was lired into, overhauled and scinched by
a Spanish war steamer, but nothing contraband
found. The Spanish portion of the inhabitants
talk cheerfully of a war with the United States.
Ihe Diurio is bellicose and defiant. Heavy rein
forcements are continually arriving from Spain.
PATENT OFFICE BUSINESS Amcrl
c»n ana Foreign Patenla procured,Rejecto«l Ap
plicationa re-argued; Interference Cases I’roac utod;
Opinions given m to ihe validity and inlnngement of
Fatentßand Suite prosecuted and defended In lbs V. 8J
Courts, by
THUS. II DUnGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman of jibe
Board of Appeals. U. H. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Casos. Office, Dodge,a
Block,eorner Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mam,
n? 4
QUV Ell’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STRFKT .01,11 NO, 810
nivjl rttf
jflolitran Cioobs.
II LIDA Y _ P 11 S® NTS!
P. YOUNG,
Desks, 2'2(1 Dolls,
F F
Boxes. MAIN STREET. Gaines.
A IC
Knlve®, Baskets,
X Call early O
Scissors, Toys,
end T
Crayons, avoid Pocket Books,
Perainlnilaiors, a crowd. Rocking Horse
Umbrellas; Bird Cages.
T <J
Alphahei nearly Tea Sets,
Puzzles, opposite Beads,
Sleds, Qilindganimul Drums,
IC II
Brushes, Bank. Combs,
A B
Etc. Etc.
V (former number R(».»
dls dt<i:H
O LI DA Y G OD Si
We L ive opened and aie daily re- e vinu a Large
Assortment of
I'aiii y (rOimls
FOR
CHRISTMAS
AND
NEW YEAR’S GIFTS
RICHLY CARVED AM) GILDED
WALL POI-KETN, lUCAIK ITS,
KOOK. lIOKIIKICS,
MATCH SAFES!
Slipper and Towel Racks,
Card Receivers,
Plain Mahogany and Walnut Desks,
French and Fng’lish Desks for Ladies,
OUR STOCK OF
WILLOW GOODS
Is Ilie beat we ever had.
Ladies' and Misses’ WORK BASKETS, of American
and Fayal makes.
Faval CARD RECEIVERS and WALL POCKETS,
Children's CHAIRS, Ac.. Ac.
ELadies’ and GenU’ Fancy Chnlrs. Tables, Ac., <tc.
Standing Easels and Purtiolio Frames for large en
gravings.
We have on hand afull line of Trimmings, and
are prepared (o do all kin 's of Fancy Upholstery.
JOHN D.CHOLLAR,
NOS. 472 AND 474 MAIN ST.,
Taylor’s Granite Building,
Opp. O <1 South Church.
d!4 dtf
'T
IJarlitoare, globes, tVc.
THON, STEEL, &c.
Ihe subscribers have constantly on hand a vcrylargi
assortment of IKON A Ail STEEL ol all descrip;
lions. Also,
ANVILS, CHAINS,
VISES, NUTS.
BELLOWS, WASHERS,
PORTABLE FORGES, HORBE SHOES,
HAMMERS, HORSE NAILS.
SLEDGES, RASPS,
SPRINGS, TILES,
FINISHED AXLES, BORAX.
BOLTS, GRINDSTONES,
REACH SAND. *C.,
which will be sold at the low eat prices, at the old stanr
waniilagton squabs.
PRATT INN MAN.
Worcester. April 1.1866. droptf anl
U B N A U E ri
DVNKLEE’B PATENT AIPERIOR
GOLDEN EAGLE FURNACE!
IN BRICK, OK AS PORTABLE,
BY
A. RUSSELL CO.,
SO I'JVTH BRI 808 IT., WORC ESTER
Bole A gents for Worcester and vicinity.
Please call and satisfy yourselves that it is the best Hot
Air Furnace in the market, having nearly double the
amount of healing surface, and a vapor pan so arranged
as to supply a pleasant and agreeable heat, free from dust,
■moke and gas. as the many persons whu have used them
the past winter will testify.
Also, a large and select stock Stoves, Tin. Iron, Cop?
per and Glass ware.
Tin Roofing. Pinup Work, and jobbing of all kinds at
tended to with neatness and dispatch
A RI 'SHELL <t CO.,
N0..36 Southbridge St.. Worcester.
tnvß dtf
STABLI SII KD IN 18 2 5
W. K. NVIiMKIxER,
(Successor (o Wm. A. Wheeler,) manufteturer of
Machine, JBuilruad, Iron, Brion, and Co»
l»<»»>iti<>u
CASTINGS.
HOT AIR FURNACES. TILT AND DROP II AMMERS
Aqueduct, Gas and steam Pipe. Wire Machinery and
Annealers, Water Wheela. Elevators. Clay Grinders,
Corn and Plaster Crackers, Hydrants, Stop
Cocks, Wmdo Weights. Ac.
ShaUing, Mill Work ana Gearing. Forging, Pattcra
Work and Machine Jobbing done to order.
THOMAS STHFFT.
mhll dtf Worcester. Mass.
J^EW FIRM.
Jonathan Grout and Samvel H. Putnam, (formerly
with Luther 11. Bigelow,) have this day formed a part
nershlp under ihe Arm name of
GROUT PUTNAM,
and having purchased the entire stock of the late Luther
H. Bigelow, will continue the
Book and Stationery Business
in all its departments, at the old stand. No. 3«» Main st.
Worcester, Dee. 11, H7l. d’w <lls
AYSTERS!— Our arrangements with the
x J Planters and Shippers at Providence, Fair Haven,
and orwich, are such as we have
Fresh Oyatera three limes every «li»y,
and are prepared to turmsh dealers, hotels, saloons, and
private families ai the lowest possible rates.
Country orders promutlv at .endetl to.
W M. O GRABY A SON,
dM.WASU Al 3 Maiu St.
PRICE 4 CENTS.
OHRIB T M A S
W A L L ET S
WALLETS.
I have m.w in store the heal a.-M)rt
ment ever exliiblled In I he state of Mas
-acliilsetts. They arc all made expressly
for me; consequently the styles and
prices can be relied upon as being nails
factory.
A t ill 1h i expect fully .-nlii lied.
EDWIN A. WAKREA,
yVpot liecary,
IN IC A V S TATE lIOS SE, WO R<-ESTFR.
iii’> dtf
/urniture.
AN ENTIRE OUTFIT FOR HOUSE
-‘B KEEPING!
WE OFFER FOR NA EE!
Solid Black Walnut Marble Top
CHAMBER SUITES I
11. W. Tit IM Mi:■»III AM It ■:IC st ITEM,
J’ dnted Chamber Suites,
It. AV. FKAMEO I* IKl.ole M ITES
iii Haircloth, Reps or Terry.
It. W W IC II ROICEN.
Ml HERO A R lIS,
HEI IS ETA RIEN,
II IT TREFN.
B. W. Gilt and Common Framed Mirrors IL W.
and Che.stmit. Extension Tables, Dining chairs, Ac.,
Roekiiig, Easy and parlor Chairs, Common Bedsteads,
Bureaus, Tables, Chairs. Ac.: Hair and Common Mat
treAses, Feathers, Feather Beds and Pillows, Blankets
and Comforters, Crockery. Cutlery. Rogers Bros.’ Silver
Plated Goods, Ac.
AH at reasonable prices. all and examine.
LAMSON, GLAZIER CO.,
”9 dtf 202, 204 and 206 Main st.
(0 HA S V PUT N A M
No. 143 Main St.,
ha-constantly on hand and for; ale:
B. Walnut Chamber Sets, with Marbles.
Parlor Suites.
Chestnut Extension Tables
Marble-Top Centre Tables.
Also, a very full assortment of Painted and Grained
Furniture—cheap as the cheapest. A great variety of
<lll Ell IC EN’N A R RI AGEN,
and a full stock of Stone China, and Crockery of James
Edwards and oilier celcbraicd manufacturers.
AI-->, a full ass«H’tment <>f Gentlemen's Furnishing
Goods; clocks. Jewelry, and other tancy articles.
CHARLES V. PUTNAM.
mh3B dtf
0 J TALB OT
LPiiHLSfBRFR.
432 Main St., Cor. Pleasant,
Li Taylor's Old Building. (»n hand. PARLOR SUITES
AND LOUNGES. !i Cheap, Conte Jt C.
n <l3rn
ELASTIC .SPONGE
MATTRESSES, PILLOWS PEW CUSHIONS.
H. A. BOWMAN,
Agent lor these Goods,
i-iioi.s’r uker.
No. Ki Foster St., opposite Hostan Depot.
BKUWJN,
l-KACTK'AI,
UPHOLSTERER,
Central Exchange, Main St .t
ivi <itr
Vetoing gjar^ints.
AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—work Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Overseam or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
tfr'l'lcase call and examine Machines and Work, at
334 Main Street.
dtf 1. 11. STOCKWEI.t.
mH®
HOWE SEWING MACHINES
AND E BUTTEKICK <t CO.’S CELEBRATED PAT
TEUNS, for Ladies’. Misses', and Children's Garment*
of all kinds, and Shirt Patterns of all sizes, at SS.»D
Alain St., Worcester. Mass.
L.. Q. MPA L LIHXG, Agent.
Also. Needlew FOR ALL AINDB OF MACHINES, Bilk, Oli
Ac. Tuckers, Ruttiers, and Corders.
14? 'Machine* Repaired. dtf apfi
yyEEo
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite 11
A. E. PECK, Agent,
08 dtf 3«8 Main Bt.
Coal.
yy H. JOURDAN,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
ANTHRACITE AND BITUMINOUS COAL.
Yard, Green Street, Office. 2 Lincoln Block, Worcester
v-i otf ao2o
qp W WELLINOTO N co?
.A DEALERS IN
Anthracite and Bituminous Coal,
by the Ton or Cargo.
Offices—No. I Por.t Office Building, and 110 Bouthbrldgc
st. Yards—Manchester st., and cor. Southbridge and
Hammond sts.. Worcester. Mass. dtf mvl
0OAL!
LEHIGH COAL,
Best quality, all sizes, for sale by the ton or cargo, at the
Bouthbridgc Sheet Coal Yard.
BTICO.SG A KOGEKS.
WILKESBARRE
COAL,
For family use and steam purpoc.ee. tor sale by
■TKOXG A KOGERS, IHI Alain St.
SYDNEY&
CANNEL COAL,
For open grates—a new lot iust received bv
STRONG A RbUERS,
Office Alain Street.
FIRE BRICKS,
FIRE CLAY,
FIRE SAND and KAOLIN, at wholesale and retail, by
STRONG A lIOGF.RB,
n2l lltt Alain Street.
mHE LADIES’ HAIR STORE.—Misses
JL A. E. it F. o. CLOUGH would respectfully inform
their lady friends and funner patrons, that they have
returned to their old location, 62 Front st., S. R. Leland’s
Building, opposite the Common, where they will be
happy to attend to the wants at ail who may favor them
with a call, in making work to order; abo, renovating
and adjusting old sets of hair; cutting children's and
misses* hair, champooing, &c.. Ac.
ANNA P. CLOUGH.
mySQ dtf FANNY 0. CLOUGH.
D V£KTI«IA O RATES.
In Daily Rpy— For the “Pquare* of t»n Hurt a
agate type, 1 time 75 cts.; each subaeqnent insertion 54
eta.; I week |2 75; 2 weekss4.6o; 1 month SH OO; lyear
|wi—and the same rale proportionally for any number o
■qutrea. Two ’moa for one week tLOft; three HneSl.2s|
fourlinea 11.37; five lines fl .ml Local notices 25 centa
Per >nc for each insertion. Business noticea 15 cents pe
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ar., 15 cents per line
Legal advcrtiM nu nts fl.oo per square for first inser
tion; each subsequent insertion 50 centa,
Special positions: in the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a Hrolled extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Weekly spy— First insertion fI.OO per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months |7.UO; one
year 825.00.
Ructions.
I »UI!LIC AUCTION!
ALL THE
WOOD AND TIMBER
iLm “V" Itu.ved ml'., from the Village of
Hl •b.tNstoii on the HHrt lending to Barr.'. Will It. sold
in io s to mm ptirchns, rs, on
WI.DNENRAI BE< EWREtC «7th,
at 10 o’clock a. m., on the premises.
nrik^iiVnHv 6 ,U i u l ow, l* «f Fine, estimated to
VnlL," h'llion Kei ol lumber. also Oak Ma-
I u nnm o’lh' s ,hl h, f and chair purposes,
and is unqucstlonal.lv om- ,f the verv Ix st lotn in tn*
tn WM "'"•“n"' 1 ->PpF»lnB
ac&Rk' Wr r
4 DMINISTKATOirS SALF.-B?virtue
Ota license I»1 tae Pro at<-Uomi tor the county of
V. oicester. will be sold, on the premise-*, at i üblic Auc
tion nn MOM. Y Y the Unh day January next aMen
o Clock. A. M.. the whole of the real nst-te of Bathsheba
Nt wctiml., laic of Spencer, in said countv, dec i*e<J.
Said real estate consists of (he home E nin, called the
Newcomb F irm, situated in the nor hwe-t art ..f said
silencer, an l ronialn* sixtv-five acres,more or bs*. suit
ably divided Into'mowing, tillage and womllaud, with
house, lam and ombuildings thereon, Imundet as 10l
lows Northerly i.v land ot John I>. Bn wer, easterly bv
land ot Sahins A sf .|<la E. Mav .1. D Brewer and A.
S” iih. southerly by lam of a. Smith, H. Prouty and E.
Bartlett, ami westerly by laud ol A Harwood.’ E. Kit
LrldgeandJ l». Brewer.
Also, al the same time and place, al! the Household
furniture belonging to tuc c tile of said Bathsheba
Newcomb, deceased.
B.W ABBOTT.
5 v 11. I'7l. j-.
SHERIFF’S SALE. Commonwbalth or
Mamaci i set is. Worcester, -s December 19. A. I).
1871. By vlmir ।f an execution which issued on a judg
ment in favor ot Dmu IG. Cook, of Blackstone, in the
county of Worc- ster, aeaimit John Berth, Michael Mr
Kenmi and Michael Gaffney, in the county of Worcester,
at the November term f the sup r or court for the
county of Worceder. I». IR7I. I have taken all the
right Inequity that the said Michael MrKvnni. had on
the tMvnti f.'U ill da oi November. A. D. 1860, the day
when tin- same was attached on mesne process, or now
has, redeem e-*ain im.rtua<et real estate, situated in
the village ot Millville, in said Blackstone, awl the .same
that is dc'crlbed in a mortgage .l ed thereof from the
said Michael McKenna, to Michael Gallagher, recoided
In the l.egistn *.i Deed- for said county. Book 763. Pa*e
28-<; and on SATURDAY, tt.e iwon'r-fourth dav «>t‘ Feb
ruary next, at Ift t .'c!o* k in the forenoon, a' the Post
Office In the vllkuu- of Millville, in sail Blackstone, I
snail offer tor sue. »>y public auction. 1o the highest bid
der, sail right in equ ty of redemption.
d2l d21,25Ajl BA<'ON. Deputy Sheriff.
WALLETS.
Watches ^ctoclrn, tfc.
UUKE&BRIT M M E R
2 I FRO X T NT R F FT,
would rcspcc'lu'ly Inform the citizens of Worcester and
vicinity, that they have op* tu d a store at 74 Front st.,
where a largo assortiiii'nt of JEW ELKY, SWISS AND
\MI RH W WAK UI S. ULO' KS, GOLD. SILVER
and PLATED WARE, suitable for
Christmas and New Year's Presents,
mav constantly be 'oimd. Persons in want of the above
articles will find it in their Interest to examine our stock
before purchasing cßewliere. Mr. Lucke is a practical
watchmaker <>t 15 wars' xpt ri’ nee in this country amt
In Europe. >nd will pav special attention to the repairing
of Geneva Watclicsand French Clock'. Jewely repaired
cheaper 'han anvwh-re in the city. Call at 74 Front st.,
near Leland’s Block, Worcetuer. d3t <IBB
WATCHERS
.JEWBLBY, and
SILVEIt WARE.
A New and Splendid A -sor'ment. .Iti -t Received for the
Holiday Trade!
Which we will show Willi nh asnre and sell at Reasonable
Prices!
WAT< H l >-1 merican and Foreign, in Gold and Sll-
V< Z i |S i’ s: v rv s *em Winders at low prices.
s A Spiundi.t A 'oriment, al all prices
and Beautiful PaHeriH. V
Goi.fi UH \i x opera, Martina, Leontine. Long
Guard and Vest Chains.
SI.LEVK IB ITuX- AM. STI I.S-TIH- b.lr.t I’at
terns an i nmi wry choice styhs.
A’’ ss— verv j: eh Designs.
kINGS- i'he largest assortnictit in the city and the
Latest sty les.
ijH'KkT' ciwnnK <:<.n r™. Tench, Gold
roothpick'. Napkin Rings. Fruit Knives and a Urge va
riety of silv.T are> uitalile for Pre-» nts. Also, a tine
as-ortmeni of Famiy Baskets am» Workstands. some
New styles, ah our 100 is we will »cli at the Lowest
i necs. and goods are warranted to be as represented.
all and see them.
J. P. WEIXLER, JR.,
9 'ltd26 MAIM NT.
MARION S
U. S. WATCH CO. (GILES. WALES CO.)
WATCH E S
Best in the world. Ask your Jeweller to see them.
For Nate by alt First-claM** Dealer*.
Wholesale Boom*,
GILES, WALES uo., l:i Maiden Lane, New York,
“k d*wHw
Kcgal biotites.
(COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU
y7 SET is. Worcester, ss -Probate Court. —To
the Next of Kin. <'rediior-'. •••nd all other persons inter
ested In the estate of HENRY BALDWIN, late of
phrewsuury, -aid county, deceased, intestate. Greet
Upon the petition of Charles H. Baldwin, yon are
hereby cited to appear at a Probate Court, to be held at
W on-eater, in said count y, on the first Tuesday ol January
next, at nine o'clock in the forenoon, to show
cause, if any you have, why a htter of administration
on the estate of said deceased, should not lie granted to
said petitioner.
And the said petitioner is ordered to serve this citation,
by publishing the same once a week, two weeks sue
cessively, in the Worcester Daily Spy. a newspaper
printed a> Worcester, the last publication to be one i ay
al least, liefore said Court, and to send, or cause to
be sent, a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, postage prepaid, to each of the heirs, devisees, or
legatees ol said estate, or their legal representatives,
known to the petitioner, seven days, al least, before salt!
Court.
Witness, Henry Chafin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this twentieth day of December, in the year one thou
sand eight hundred and seventy-one.
dll ddcc2Lt.'s tlx- MT.VF.NS. Register.
{COMMONWEALTH OF MABSACHIf
v> SETTS. Worcester, ss. To Wi'llam 11. Hamlin,
formerly of Sublett, in the Stale of Illinois, but now in
parts unknown. Greeting:
Whereas, Lavinia S. Hamlin. your wife, has presenter!
tome her petition, praying that my consent may bo
gran'ed toa conveyance by her of certain real estate
owned by her. as her sole ami separate property, situated
in the towns of Mendon and Upton, m the‘County of
Worcester, and fully described in her said petition.’ be
cause, as she savs, you have descried her for the past
sr ven years, an have al no lime since such desertion,
contributed to her support.
You are hereby cited to appear before meat Worcester,
in said County of Worcester, on the first Tues lay of
January next, at nine o'cluck in the forenoon, to show
cause, if any you have, against the same. Amt said p» ti
uom r is ordered to give you notice bv delivering a copy
hereof to you seven days at least, before said return day
hereof, or by publishing Hut same once a week, for t hre»-
sitece sive weeks, in the Worcester Daily Spv, a news
paper printed at Worcester, the last publication lo be
one day. at least, before said Cuttrt.
Wilnc", my hand at Worcester, this nineteenth day of
December, in the year eighteen bum!red and seventy
one. HENRY CHAPIN,
d2O ddec2o,2s&jal Jmige of Probate Court.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU-
V >ETis.—Worcester ss. Probate Court. To the
Next of Kin, and all other persons interested in the
Fatale of BhIDGET CONNELL, ELIZABETH CON
NELL, BAKAH CONN ELL and MARtA CONNELL,ef
Leicester, in said County, minor-. Greeting:
Whereas, Parley Holman, Guiidianof said minors, has
crest nled his petition for license to sell certain real
estate therein specified, us his said wards for their main
tenance, you are hereby cited to appear at a Probate
Court, to be holden at Worcester, In said County, on
the first Tuesday of January next, at nine o’clock In
the forenoon, to show cause, if any you have, why the
taint- should not be granted.
And said petitioner is ordered to serve this citation by
publishing the same once a week. in the Worcester Daily
Spy, a newspaper printed al Worcester, three weeks
successively, the last publication to be one day. at least,
before said Court.
Witness Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said tfcurt,
this nineteenth day of December, in the year eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
CHAS. E. STEVENS, Register.
<l2O ddec2<k2BAJal*
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHI’
VysETTs.—Worcester, ss. Probate Court.—To all
persons interested in tin 1 E- ateof ALONZ’’ BOYNTON,
late of Paxton, in said county, deceased, intestate:
Y<>u are cited to appear al a Probate Court,
to be held at Worcester, in said county, on the first
Tuesday of January next, at nine o'clock in the
forenoon, to show cause why the account ren
dered by Silas D Harrington. the Administrator, of his
administration of said estate, and nowon file at this
office,should not be allowed.
And the said accountant is ordered to serve this cita
tion, by publishing the same once a week, two weeks
successively, in the Worcester Daily Spy, a newspaper
printed at Worcester, the last publication to be one day,
at least, before said Court, ami to send, or cause to
tie >ent. a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, postage prepaid, to each us the heirs, devisees,
or legatees of said estate, or their legal representative.',
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, before
said court.
Witness, Henry Chafin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this eighteen h day us December. In tije year one thou
sand eight hundred and seventy otie.
CHAS. E. STEVENS, Register.
d2O dd«c2o&2i*
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU
v? SETTS. Worcester, ss. Probate Court.—To all
persons interested in the estate of J \MES HALL, late of
Worcester, in said county, deceased, testate.
You are cited to appear at a Probate court, to he
held at Worcester, In said county, on the first Tuesday of
January next, at nine o’clock in the forenoon, to show
cause why the account rendered by Edward Hall,
the Executor, of his administration of said estate, and
now on file at this office, should not tie allowed, and
also whv t he claim of the sal Viccountant as a creditor of
said estate, should not be allowed.
And tin -aid accountant bordered to serve this citation
bv paMishing the -ame once a week, two weeks succes
sivelv. in the worcester Daily spy, a newspaper printed
at Worcester, the last publication to be one day, at least,
before said Court, ami to send, or cause to be sent, a writ
ten or printed copy of this notice, properly mailed, post
age pre-paid, to each oi the heirs, devisees, or legatees of
-aid estate, or their legal representative*, known to the
petitioner, -even days, at least, before said court.
Witness, Henrv Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said Court,
this eighteenth day of December, in the year one thou
sand eight hundred and seventy-one.
CHAS E. STEVENS, Register.
dl9 ddrc I**24
Ne w steam marble and
STONE WORKS.
Having introduced machinery into oifr business, we
are confident th u, with our large experience, practical
knowledge, and personal attention, we are prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimmings, Monu
ments, Tablets and Grave Stones, Uhimncv Fleet*.
Bracket Shelves, Table and Bureau Tops. Sinks, and
every description of work made from Marble and Btuue,
at the lowest cash prices.
Thankful for past confidence and pat ronage, we solicit
a continuance of the same. TA CEUM A IIOKOAN,
I dtf 13i UeDU&I«L. Worcester. Masa.