THE SENTINEL.
ROCKVILLE, HVT-LX
~T~
Friday Morning November 24, 1871.
The Democratic Party.
There is a rumor afloat that before the late
elections nineteen Republican Senators, who
are opposed to the re-election of Gen. CJiiant,
gave in their adhesion to the “passive policy,”
which the St. Louis Republican advises the
Democracy to pursue in the President in! can
vass next year. It is also stated that, since
itie elections, sonic of ilie malcontent nineteen
showed themselves weak ami wavering hut
that since they have studied the returns more
carefully, and made a re-survey of the political
field, they arc again disposed to favor the
nomination of a candidate in opposition to
(Jen. Grant—-if they are allowed to nominate
him, and the Democracy will content them
selves with polling the full vote for him.
The experience of the past, as well na the nr- j
guments of the present, are, in our judgment,
decidedly against aly such arrangement as
that indicated above. The experiment ling been
tried heretofore in u partial way, and signally
tailed. There are now in existence two jwdili
eu 1 parties—the Democratic and the Radical.
The former of'these is the organization of the
constitution and law. The latter is the advo
cate, th* exponent and the executor of all that
is vile and roriapl in morals and politics. In-*
deed, so vile and corrupt has it become, that
some of its more conscientious and scrupulous
leaders and followers are becoming alarmed at
the evil work w hich it has done, ami seek lu
shield themselves from responsibility by or
ganizing a new party, which shall be neither
Democratic nor Radical, but a mingling of the
less Radical elements of both.
fn our opinion, to countenance such an nr- i
rangement as the one above referred to, would
be fatal to the interests of constitutional lib
erty in this country. If the so-called mode
rate or conservative Radicals have become
wearied of the evil doings of their party, let
them manfully quit it, and join the party of
the Constitution the party which is openly
pledged to opposition to all the iniquitous
measures of Radicalism. This is the proper!
course to pursue. If the Democrats enter into
any such arrangement, it will only add to the
strength of the Radical party, and give it a
farther lease upon its political existence.
The whole record of Radicalism, since it
has been in the ascendency, is one of flagrant
wrong, outrage and infamy. During that
lime, plunder, peculation, misrule and oppres
sion, have grown to such gigantic proportions
as to threaten to involve the country in ruin.
Jt has antagonized every principle laid down
by the sages who formed the Constitution, and
are now ruling the land in open warfare w ith
the spirit of a Republic founded upon the equal
rights of men under a written contract between
sovereign and independent States. The result
nf that rule is painful!}* apparent on all sides
in an unhappy, distracted country, bad gov
ernment, high taxes, and grinding oppression.
On the other hand, the old party of the
country and the Constitution—the Democratic
party—which had its origin in the founding of
the government- can boast of a long caree r of
usefulness to the nation nor is there anything
m its past or present history or position to
make it obnoxious to the people. It has piloted
the nation through more than seven-eighths of
its v-iyage, defended the Constitution, united
tli .-tan in a bond of peace and prosperity,
nml made the country great, both at homennd
abroad. At the present time, it is the chain,
pion of the just rights of the States, and of a re
turn to that pure constitutional form of gov
ernment, without which this nation cannot
long exjst as a Republic. This being the case,
nil good patriots must act with the Democratic
party in the present and the future. What
other organization can they trust What
other party can present such a record of devo
tion to the great fundamental principles upon
which the hopes of the Republic rest? The.
Radical organization has thrown overboard
the Constitution, and is drifting upon the tide
of popular passion. They can promise nothing
for the future but discord, contention and an
archy. The regular army which is to confront
the party in power, and contend for the Union
of the States, the perpetuation of civil govern
ment and the life of the Republic, is the Demo
cratic party, and that fact becomes more ap
parent as Radicalism becomes more and more
developed. The elections testily to the life
and vitality of the Democratic party, and also
prove that the masses are looking to that or
ganization as the only hope for the future.
There are no signs of decay in the old constitu
tional party of the country. Its principles arc
those which alone can re-unite '.he States and
make the nation a unit from Maine to Texas.
The Democratic party w ill yet redeem the na
tion from the hands of the spoilers. That is
its mission, and, to aid in that high purpose
it asks and claims the co-operation of all good
citizens. Nor w ill it ask in vain. Passion
and prejudice will give place to reason and
reflection, and party ties cense to make slaves
of American citizens. Men will take wider
views of their duties, note the action of their
leaders with more care, and support principles
rather than lie led astray by sectional issues,
used by demagogues as stepping-stones for
private advancement and promotion.
The Democratic party can with confidence,
appeal to the masses for support It will com
mand the support of all who arc in favor of a
wise and rigid economy in the administration
of public affairs, both State and National: of
the choice of capable, honest and patriotic
men to fill all offices of trust, honor and profit,
and of keeping the elective franchise not only
JVee from-impure influences, but in the hands
of that race by which this government was
founded, and by w hose virtue and intelligence
it must lie perpetuated atul transmitted to their
descendants. If the government is to be pre
served in harmony with the original design
..nd intention of its illustrious founders,’ it
roust be through the instrumentality of the
Democratic party.
What folly then, would it bo for such a
party to accept tVe “passive policy” and give
over to malcontent republicans the nomination
of a Presidential candidate for their adoption
and support No let iSe Democracy stand
squarely upon principle. Let them make no
compromises; but make the is>je boldly and
fearlessly against Radicalism in ail its phases
and fight it to the bitter cud. In this course,
we think we discover in the not far distant fu
ture the certainty of a glorious triumph. In
tlie other course we can sec nothing but inevi
table defeat. For the common good, w e can
afford to make sacrifices of fecliug; but we
cannot afford to make sacrifice of principle.
Those wbo have tried the effects of policy,
have seen and felt the unhappy results. Those
w ho have tried the influence of principle, have
won success. Let the Democracy, therefore,
j avoid all “entangling alliances.” Let them
remain united, firm, and determined, under
their own banner, which is for them, the ban
ner of Buece.‘-5. If any, of the other party, see
the error of their ways, let them repent, and
come to ns. When the evil day has passed,
and our country and its institutions have been
saved, with grateful hearts wc will thank
them for the good which they have helped us
to accomplish, and the benefits which their
self-sacrifices and devotion to right have ena
bled us to heap upon every section of the re
stored American Union.
Tiiic Maryland Farmkk.—The November
number of this valuable agricultural monthly
is as usual replete w ith interesting matter in
every department of agriculture, horticulture,
live stock, and all anbjectsof a kindred nature,
that will prove instructive to the farmer and
planter. A new year will commence in Jan
uary next, and the publishers promise to make
such improvements in its typography and
literature as w ill further commend it to the
patronage of the agricultural public through
out the country. It is published by S. Sands
Mills Co., 145 West Pratt street, Baltimore,
at the low price of $1.50 per annum, or §I.OO
for clubs of five and upwards. We heartily
commend it to our agricultural readers us
worthy of their support,
Likr Insuram k. —As evidence that the im
portance and advantage of Life Insurance in u
good, Rate and judicious Company are appre
ciated by the public, we refer our readers to
the advertisement and long list of policy-hold,
ers in the “Maryland Life Insurance Compu.
ny,'” published in another part of our paper.
The advantage that policy-holders in this
Company have over others is that they arc paid
a large per tentage on the life-plan, and their
policies are lion-forfeitable. As almost every
body is convinced that Life Insurance isa good
Investment,’ever} body in Maryland should in
sure in their home Company and thus keep
their money among themselves.
Giikat Yuan. —Mr. Asa St.willk, near San
dy Spring, in this county, raised, this season
j barrels of corn, or K7 A bushels per acre,
on a field of his farm, the number of acres in
which we did not learn. This yield is extra
ordinary, when the fact is known, that but
three or four years Ago tlie land was consider
ed the poorest, in thecounty. The liberal use of
lime and fertilizers produced this result, and
it is hut n specimen of wbat all good farmers
can do, when they plough deep and feed their
1 land liberally.
Mortailty. —We learn that, on Thursday
1 of last week, a negro man was killed by the
caving in upon him of an etnbankmeul on ilie
Point of Rocks Railroad between the Brick
Mills in Medley’s District and the Mouth of
Monocncy. Another negro man, going to
take a view of the catastrophe, fell dead from
an affection of the heart.
Circtit Court.—Court is still in session, but
j it is thought will adjourn this week or the
early part of next. Few cases of any moment
have been tried this term. Most of the present
week has been occupied in the trial of crimi
nal cases, nearly all of which were against
I negroes.
Commissions. The commissions for civil offi
l cers elected at tlie late election are being pre
pared at the Executive Chamber, at Annapolis,
and w ill be issued ns soon ns practicable.—
Those fora number of the counties have al
ready been sent. Those for this county were
I received at the Clerk’s Office on Wednesday
last.
Commission!-:!) and Qualified. —lion R. J.
Bowie received his commisson on Thursday
of last week, and qualified as Chief Judge of
this Circuit, on Saturday following, before
K. 15. I'rettyman. Esq., Clerk of the Circuit
Court.
The Point of Rocks Rail Road. —The work
upon this road is being vigorously pushed for
i ward. If nothing intervenes to hinder the
advancement of the work, the road will in
all probability, be finished and in running or
der by this time next year and perhaps sooner.
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal.-—The water
will he drawn off the Canal on the 20th of
December proximo, throughout the line, to
i make the necessary w inter repairs.
Ready-Made Clothino. —Great bargains in
Ready-Made Clothing aie to be had of Ful
lalovk A Hannkaur, Georgetown, D. C.—
Many of our people deal with this firm and
1 bear unanimous testimony to the fairness and
courtesy with which they treat customers.—
Sec advertisement in another column and give
j them a call.
Valuable Ground. —On Friday, last week,
a lot of ground fronting one hundred feet on
Eighth street, Cincinnati, sold for §1(50,000
cash, li is now occupied by the Second Pres
byterian Church, but w ill in a short time be
occupied by stores.
In Zeniu, Ohio, on Thursday of last week, a
i Mrs. Dice was awarded §1.250 damages, in_a
case w herein she had sued a tavern-keeper for
I selling liquor to her husband and sons.
A victim of Horace Greeley's astonishing
i handwriting says “If Horace had w ritten
that inscription on the wpll in Babylon, Bel
shazzar would have been a good deal more
scared limit be was.”
A man named Denning, on Saturday night,
in Portland, Maine, drank a large quantity of
whiskey, fell from the chair and died.
They are feeling people, those Bridgeport
people. A loving wife, on the decease of her
husband, sent the following thrilling telegram
to a distant friend: “Dear John is dead.
Loss fußy covered by insurance!” —Danbury
A u s.
Two lads at Fort Bend, Texas, raised sev
en bales of cotton and seven hundred bushels
of corn this year, w ithout assistance, realizing
j five hundred dollars apiece.
An Illinois farmer placed the dead body of
his child in the cellar and postponed the burial
until he had got through digging his potatoes.
An low a clergyman regulates his marriage j
fees by wieght, the rate being four vents a j
1 pound for the groom and two for the bride.
Eating sausages and buying eggs are descri- I
bed as “confidence operations.”
Camargo, Illinois, has a population of 2,000
and not u single young lady.
An Indiana Justice received a wedding fee
of twenty-five cents.
Two more of the Rothschilds have married j
each other.
Forty bull dogs were recently shipped from j
London to Calcutta.
Virginia has ninety-four newspapers.
Vermont lias 16.fi1l licensed purps.
The value of farms in Ohio is estimated at
over a billion of dollars.
Be Guided by what yon Know.
There is an old proverb w hich says. Ex
perience is the safest guide.” To this guide
the sick and ailing naturally turn when cast
ing about for the means of relief. They in
quire what a medicine has done for others, be
fore they adopt it themselves. Of all the re
medies and preventives in use, Hostetlers Stom
ach Bitters, meets the test most triumphantly,
and henee its immense popularity and vast
sales. The sufferer from indigestion is sure to
find some one among his friends who has been
cured of that ailment by the famous vegetable
stomachic. The victim of fever and ague,
liver complaint, constipation, nervous prostra
tion, or genera! debility, has only to make in
quiry in lhe neighborhood where he resides, in
order to discover what this standard restora
tive has effected in eases similar to his own
In the published testimony to its merits he w ill
find a volume of proofs of its sanitary proper
ties, which it is impossible for his common
sense to resist. lie tries it. and the effect it
produces on his system, adds another to the
host of witnesses in its favor. Thus its repu
tation, founded on facts, not assertions, con
tinually grows arid spreads. Charlatans and
impostors, some of them mere local tricksters,
and others who taken somewhat wider range,
attempt to thrust into the hands and down the
throats of invalids, their haphazard concoc
tions, as substitutes for the tonic which for so
many years has been a medicinal staple
throughout the Dinted States, Spanish Ame
rica, Canada, and the West Indies, but only
succeed ton very limited extent. In this reason
ing ago, the people, having ascertained what
is really deserving of their confidence, decline
running after strange gods.”
MARRIAGES.
Married, on the 1 (Ith iust., at the residence
of Mr. Richard Parsley, bv Rev. P. H. Wins
n f it. Mr. WILLIAM f. KAY to Miss MARY S.
SI I LAFFER.
[Baltimore Sun please copy.]
Married, on Wednesday morning, 22-1 No
j vernber, in P. E. Church. Rockville, bv Rev.
Jas. D. MuCaiik, D. D.. WILLIAM JONES,
Jr., to Miss FANNIE ANDERSON, youngest
j daughter of the late Dr. John W. Anderson.
j “Till Hymen bro't love’s nil delightful hour,
There dwelt no joy in Eden’s rosy bower,
The world was sad, the Garden was a w ild,
And man, the Hermit, sighed till woman
smiled.”
DEATHS.
Died, in Bartlesville on the 19th of October,
after a lingering illness, which he bore with
great patience, JOHN C. GOTT, aged 68 years,
9 months and 5 days.
Mr. Goit at one time was a prominent poli
tician of this county, he being (wireelected to
the Legislature, lie was very kind ami chari
table, a true riend, and in him the p.or have
lost a good friend.
P.
A LECTURE.
I ESSO NS learned in the Mammoth Cave of
j Kentucky, by Dr. J. M. Williams, of
Baltimore, at Rockville, on Monday the 27th
iust.. at 7'. P. M. Adm ilia lice 25 cents. The
public are cordially invited. The proceeds to
pay for the hell and belfry recently erected on
the Baptist house of Worship.
The Same-Lecture w ill be delivered nt Mt.
j Zion Baptist (’lmpel and the proceeds there to
j the Painting of that house, on Thursday the
j 28th. nt 7 P. M. Nov. 17—tdn
I)ICH D M WILLIAMS,
L ATTORNEY at law,
ROCIIVIELE, 3VTXD.
WUI practice in the Circuit Court for Mont
gomery county, and in the Court of Appeals
of Maryland.
J&fir* OFFICE in the Court-House yard,
nov 24—tf
NOTICE.
VLL persons arc hereby forewarned from
trespassing on my farm with wagon,or any
other vehicle of nnv kind, or by riding and
pulling down my fences, as I am determined
to enforce the law against nil such offenders,
nov 24—Slue N. T. r I ALBUTT.
WANTED.
I WISH to buy an “OFF-OX,” or sell n
very superior Devon OX—works on the
near side. I also wish to sell several Two-
Year old Devon HEIFERS, (now in calf)
YEARLINGS, &C.
nov. 24 —tf S T. STONKSTREET.
ADJOURNED MEETING.
rilllE COMMISSIONERS for Montgomery
X county will meet at their Room, in Rock
ville, on
TUESDAY, the 28th of Nov. 1371,
To take up the public road petitioned for hv
Howard A. Garrett and others. Also, the
public road petitioned for by Benj. T. Hodges
and other.
Per order—
JOS. A. TANEY, (Tk
nov 24—tdn to Commissioners.
Dissolution of Copartnership.
qUIP: LA W-I’AUTNKUHIIII’ heretofore ex-
X isting between RICII’DJ. BOWIE and
RICIPD M. WILLIAMS, is this day dissolved
by mutual consent.
V&u All matters pertain;ng to tlie business
of the previous linn, will be attended to by
Rich'd M. Williams, who will continue to
practice in the office formerly occupied b\
Bowie Williams.
RICH'D J. BOWIE.
RICH D M. WILLIAMS.
Rotkville, Md., Nov. 1 Till, 1871.
ndv 24—41
SECOND SUPPLY
FALL AND WINTER GOODS
IIY
BOUIC BROS,
VS FOLLOWS A large supply of Cali
coes, Brown and Bleached Cottons, va-
I nous qualities, Cloths and Cassimeres. Flan
nels, Tickings, Towelling, Cotton and Linen
I Drilling, &c. kc. Almost everything in the
NOTION LINE-
A complete assortment of HARDWARE.
A nice variety of LATEST STYLES OF
HATS AND CAPS, belli r than ever before.
RUSSELL’S ROOTS AND SHOES,
all numbers, for Gentlemen and Youths.—
Ladies’ and Misses Gaiters, Kid, Morocco,
Pebble-Grain and Leather Boots and Shoes.
A GOOD STOCK OF DRUGS, Oils, &c.,
Queensware, Tinware. &c.. with a large as
sortment of Perkins House's Safety Lamps,
all of which will be sold at prices satisfac
tory to all.
nov 24 BOUIC BROS.
SAFETY COAL OIL LAMPS.
The following certificate is from a scientific
examination of the Safety Lamp
Richmond, Ya., July 28th, 1870.
To John Asher, Richmond, la., Otn. Agent
1 have used Perkins' House's Non-Explo
sive Coal Oil Lamps. Before buying it I look
it to pieces, and saw that it was constructed
on the principle of Leary's Safety Lamp, and
that with proper use no flame could possibly
find admission to the Lamp, although it mar
be filled with explosive gas and lighted while
in that condition. 1 consider the invention an
important contribution to the safely of persons
and propertv.
W. If. RUFFNER.
Supt. Public Instruction State of Ya.
'Ye have just received a largo stock of
the above Safety Lamps, such as Hand and
Staud Lamps, and Pendant ai.d Hall latmps.
BOUIC BROS
nov. 24- tfn
TRUSTEE’S SALE.
BY VIRTUE of a Decree of the Circuit
Court for Montgomery county, ns a Court
!of Equity, passed in a cause in Mid Court,
wherein AI Hi n Gilpin is complainant and
Samuel Boswell is defendant, the subscriber,
as Trualee, will offer at public sale, to the
highest bidder, nt Ashton, in said Montgom
ery county,
On SATURDAY, December 16th, 1871,
at 1 o’clock, P. M.,
ilie LAND and PREMISES in the proceedings
mentioned, being a
FA.H.M
whereon said Samuel Boswell resides, and
containing
88 ACRES OF LAND.
more or less,
lying and being in Slid Montgomery countv,
and adjoining the latids of Edward Boswell,
Edward Lea ami others.
It is located near the road from
Ashton to Baltimore, about
1.1 fjg one mile from Ashton. The
soil is good. It has some wood
on it. It is well watered and in a fair state
of cultivation. The improvements consist of
a good-sized
TWO STORY
FRAME HOUSE,
A D SO M E (4 UTR U I L DIN GS.
TDll MS OR SAL!!, ns prescribed by De
cree. Cash, on clay of sale, or on the ralifi
cation thereof, by said Court, and on the
payment of the whole of the purchase money,
(and not before,) the Trustee, by a good and
sufficient deed to be executed according to
law, will convey to the purchaser or purcha
sers of said properly, or to his, her or their
i heirs or assigns, the property to him, her or
them sold, free, clear and discharged of all
claim of the parties to this cause and of all
persons claiming by, from or under them, or
any of them, except si prior mortgage for a
i small amount, the amount, terms, conditions,
&c., of w hich will be explained at time of
sale.
Conveyancing and stamps nt cost of
purchaser.
IJATTERSLY W. TALBOTT,
nov 24—ts Trustee.
lIOAD NOTICE.
WK. tin* undersigned, citizens and
Tax-payers of Montgomery conn
ty, hereby give notice that we will petition
llie County Commissioners of said Mont
gomery County, nt their first meeting which
shall occur next after the expiration of thirty
days from the dale hereof, to alter the public
road leading from the Georgetown and Rock-
ilie Turnpike road to the Washington n:id
Brookvillo Turnpike, at Mitchell's Cross
Roads, commonly called the Hughes’ Bridge
Road, so as to leave the present location
where the lands of George Knowles and Clms.
Duvall corner, and running thence through i
the land of the said George Knowles with the j
Metropolitan Branch of the Baltimore and I
j Ohio Railroad, as now located, to the pro-!
posed depot on said Railroad, thence across
said Railroad re-enter said Hughes’ Bridge 1
Road at the nearest point to said proposed
depot.
JAS. F. PEEIICE,
CALEB COBOURN,
C. R. HKRSIIKY,
R. MANNAKEK,
HAZEL B. CASHELL,
WM. 11. STABLER,
E. CRAYCROFT,
THOMAS ANDERSON.
no-. 24 —51
PUBLIC SALE,
BY virtue of a Deed of Trust from Otlio Z.
Muncaster to tire subscriber, dated tlu*
7th day of September, 1807, I will sell at
public auction, in front of ilie Court House 1
door, in Rockville, at 12 o’clock, M.. on
TUESDAY, 19th day of December next,
to the highest bidder, for cash, the following
property, viz
6 Horses and Harness therefor,
and TWO WAGOWS,
now in possession of said Muncaster, being
1 the property mentioned in said deed, so far as
i the same remains.
The Horses are heavy drauglit Horses, one
of them is a good brood Mare; the Harness
i-j Wagon Harness one.of the Wagons is a
Six-Horse Wagon, the other is a lighter one.
W. VEILS BOUIC,
nov, 24—tds Trustee.
33stray Tiull.
j State of Maryland, Montgomery County, Set.
fflgßagK* I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this
'’ylrvr 20th day of November, 1871. that
—JSLZL before me, the Subscriber, a Justice
of the Fence of said Stale, in and for said
County, personally appeared Frederick Jones,
and made oath in due form of Law, tlmt he
did about the Ist day of October last, take up
j an estray, trespassing on his enclosures, a
BRIXDLE HORNED WHITE BACK BI LL,
crop off the right ear and swallow-fork in the
I left ear, supposed lobe two years old next
j Spring.
Witness my hand,
N. J! TALBOTT, J. I*.
The owner of the above come forward, prove
i property, pay charges, and take him hwmv.
FREDERICK JONES,
nov 24 2ti*n Bartlesville, Mont. Co., Md.
iX'olicc lo Crelilor*.
N'OTICE is hereby given that t he subscri
ber has obtained from the Orphans
Court of Montgomery county letters of ad-
I ministration, on the personal estate of
WILLIAM Me A TEE,
late of said county, dec’d. All persons lmv-
ing claims against said deceased, are hereby j
j warned toexhibitthesaine with the vouchers
I thereof, to the subscriber, on or before the
21st of November, 1872 otherwise, they may,
by law, be excluded from all benefit of said
estate. Personsindebtod to said estate.are re
quested to make immediate payment. Given
under my hand this 21st dav of November.
1871. GEORGEW. DARBY,
Administrator, C. T. A.
nov 24—4 t
N LASS, GLASS.
I JUST RECEI ED.
I.VDOW GLASS, of 8 by 10, 0 by 12, 10
by 12, 11 by 14 and 14 by 18, by
nov 24 BOUIC BROS.
r Subscriber would like to SELL a nice i
HOUSE AND LOT,
in the town of Rockville, elegantly located in
a nice neighborhood the House nearly new;
elegant Lot, fronting on two streets. Terms
made known on application to
novlo—tsn JAS. W. CAMPBELL.
NOTICE
ALL persons are forewarned from Hunting
with dog or gun, or fishing, or other
j wise trespassing on my lauds in Montgomery 1
Comity, as the law will He rigidly enforced I
against all such offenders in future,
j nor 17—4 tr BEXJAMIX DAVIS.
N'OTICE.
4 LI. persons are hereby forewarned from
cX.lres,Hissing on my enclosures with dog or
gun, pulling down fences, nutting trees, or
in any other manner, as I am determined to
enforce the law against all so offending,
nov 17—at AMERICAS DAWSON.
>)|||l TO VS OF CUMBERLAND COAL
l or saie, at GARRETT S A MACS'
Grant falls, Md,, which we will sell cheap.
Nor. 17—tit
B. F. RILEY
GROCER
AND
LIQUOR D E ALER,
115 High Street,
Georgetown, 44. (J.
../•a-COUNTRY ORDERS solicited, and
i attended to with promptness and dispatch.
I oct o—y!2o—y!2
JOHN Tt HARK
WATCHMAKER JEWELER,
Hns Removed to
Hir Xkw Stour,
FA Y ETT i: Sr It EET,
OPPOSITE BARNUM’S HOTEL.
N. B. Fine Watch Repairs,at Trade Pti
ces, a specialty.
CLEANING 0150; MAIN SPRING $125-
nov 17—5 m
wji. om>fei;li>i
PU M I*-M AK Ell,
FOUNTAIN GREEN.
Harford county, Md.
I Gives his undivided attention to the prose
j cution of his business, in all iis branches.
■PUMPS of the most approved kind made
i to order, and READY-MADE PUMPS always
ion hand. Tkums—so Cents per foot.
pidSr AIN k w Work \V a brantkd
j Ordfrs addressed to the subscriber, nt
Fountain Green, Harford county, Md., will
receive prompt attention,
june :>—Bm WM. OLDFIELD.
It. TAI.ISOTT A: M>\,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS
GEORGETOWN D. C.
tfSß* Give personal attention to SALE
AM) DELIVERY' of all binds oft, HA /X
AA' D FA H M PR OD f. CE.
p'ST' Office, on Canal, near Market-House,
nov 4 —ly
Best In The "World.
I’S NO EXAGGERATION in using Non-
Explosive Petroleum Fluid in
PERKINS HOUSE’S SAFETY LAMP
A trial of it, tee are sure, will satisfy the most
prejudiced mind of the fact.
We have on hand the Lamps and Fluid, and
also Coal-Oil, and Perkins House’s Safety j
Lumps. Burners, nun Chimneys, to sell to- i
gctlier or separately as desired also, the last, i
safest, and most economical “Taper, or Night
Lamp,” that is made, not requiring any j
chimney to break or to clean, no tiimmincr of i
wick, and as safe as a candle: also, the New
Gas Burner,” without, chimney, no wick to
trim, and can be attached to any common coal-
oil lamp now in use.
Call and see these New Things in the Light
Line.” We are no seusatiunists, but merely
desire to keep our customers posted in what is
being discovered and made in this our pro
gressive age.
nov 3 —tfn BOUIC BROS.
UNPAID TAXES.
Thirty Baj*’ Tolicr.
WILLIAM MULLIGAN. Ci.llertor of State
and County Tax in the Fourth Election
District of Montgomery county lor the years
18G9, 1870 and 1871, having returned to the
County Commissioners of said county the fol- j
lowing Tract or Parcel of Laud, on Which tlx- i
State and county tax for the tears 18(‘1), 1870
1871, have not been paid—to wit:
A TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND situ-
ate, lying and being in Rockville district, call- j
ed “Mount Airy,” “Gulley Ridge,” and 1
“Mitchells Range, containing ;*,14 Acres, more
or less, assessed in the name of Edward Philips
State tax for 18(19, on §2872. at 19 cts 5 55
County at js cts 19 55
Interest on same, 3 j
§2B 05 j
State tax for 1879, on §2872, at 19j its 5 14
County 1 at 8o;‘j cts 22 83
§2B 27 j
Slate tax for 1871. on §2872 at 19l cts I
County at Boij cts 1 i
And having ccrlifu d to this Court that he j
can find no petsotial property in the county
liable for or chargeable with tin* payment ol
the aforegoing amounts—
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, That unless i
the taxes on said Tract of Land, with the in-
torost thereon, shall be paid to said Collector j
within thirty days after the publication of
ibis notice is completed, the tract of land so
charged, or so mnch thereof us may he neces- j
snry to raise the sums due thereon, shall tv j
sold to the highest bidder for the pavment of
the same. JOS. A. TANEY, Cl’k
nov 3 —4 tr to County Com'rs.
IF’OIO. SALE,
4 LDKHNKV Ill'Ll. ::1 yens olil: IIK HE
FORD COW, Ida Holmes, lucd by John
Merrynmn, Baltimore county, 5.\ years; also I
BI LL CALF, cross of above animals, nftci
December Ist a S TRONG WAGON, new Imy
and lime body, suitable for 4 or 6 horses also
a 4-ycar old COLT, either mare or gelding,
for sale at reasonable prices.
Apply to NELSON R. BAKER,
novlu 4trn Bcthesda P. CL
KTOTIC33.
1> v the Act of Assembly approved April 4th,
y 1870, entitled Public Education, chapter
2, section 2nd, it is made the duty of the Judges
of the Circuit Court to appoint three Count} j
School Commissioners for this County, to
serve two years from the first day of January
next.
The Judges desire that suitable persons be j
recommended for tlu* position nt an early day.
Bv order of the Judges of the Circuit Court, i
JAMES ANDERSON,
Nov. 17—3 tn Sec’y School Board.
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Stockholders Meeting.
V MEETING of the Stockholders of the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company
will be held nt the Executive Chamber, in the j
City of Annapolis, on Wednesday the 13th
of December, 1871, at 12 o’clock, M.
All Stockholders arc invited to attend.
RICHARD GOTT, j
nov 17—td Secretary.
pAIt.M HAND WANTED.
THE subscriber wishes to employ, by the
year, a first-rate COLORED MAN. with a
family, as a Farm Hand. Fair wages and a
separate house.
RUDOLPH WATKINS,
Frederick Road.
sep 15—if Two miles from Rockville.
"W anted!
A GOOD MILCH COW. for which a rea
sonable price will be paid. Address—
KLI BAKER, Bethcsda P. O
nov 10—3 tn Montgomery Co.. Md.
k tons blacksmiths* coal, at $4
t)l per ton. for sale at-
Nov. 17—fit GARRETT MACS.
lI7OOL WANTED,
For which the highest market
price will be paid, and as much as can be ob
tained for it in Baltimore,
mar 31—tf S. D. HIGGINS.
I ELLY GLASSES.
We have Glasse.-
made specially for putting up Jelly. Call and
see thom at
oct 13' BOUIC BRO S.
I—lf Ul I—' 'W -l Z'JK* Sr.'V.'Zt
Cf rent Trails Store, Aid-
GARRETT tk MACS,-
JUST RECEIVED A LARGE STOCK Ol'
FALL GOODS,
which Ihcv will .ell nt prices as cheap ns in
the District.
OUR STOCK COMIT.ISKS
DUY GOODS,
IIATS. OAI*S.
HOOTS AND SHOWS,
IIAKDWAIiK,
t; IlOCi: lilts',
NOTIONS, AC.,
j which wc sell at prices to compete with the
i Retail Trade of Washington. Give us a call
I and be satisfied.
I7MVK THOUSAND BUSHELS OF OATS
j t..r which we will pay the highest market
i price. 'GARRETT MAI’S.
Great Falls, Md., Nov. 17 —Bin
ADMINISTRATORS 3 SALE.
11TE, the undersigned administrators, hav
ing obtained from the Orphan's oiirt
i of Montgomery, letters of administration upon
i the personal property of Nathan Childs, will
offer for PUBLIC SALE, at his late reside nee,
On MONDAY, 27th of November, 1871,
the following property, io wit:
3 Cows, Calves,
1 Jtlu.ll, SO Slicop,
1 Rond Wagon, 1 Ambulance, 1 Thrasher, 1
Wire Rake. 1 Shovel Plough, .*5 Cultivator,--
I 2 Burshear Ploughs, lot of old Iron, lot of old
V\
TERMS ()E SALE. —AII sums of ten dol
j lars and under, the cash will be required n
i all stun? over ten dollars, a credit of 0 months
will be given, the purchaser giving note, with
approved security, bearing interest from Ilie
day of sale. No properly to be removed until
Ilie terms are complied with.
Salk to commkncb at 1 o'clock, p. m.
MARY A CHILDS. A.lminis-
NATHAN S. CHILDS, J tin tors,
nov] o—tsu0 —tsu
PUBLIC SALE.
I WILL offer at PUBLIC SALE, to the;
highest bidder,
On Tuesday, s;h day of December, 1871,
the following property, to*vvit
ONE PAIR HORSES,
tf.VK CULT, i.\ yofirs old,
THREE HEAD OF ill 11.(11 COWS,
4 head of YOUNG CATTLE. 5 FAT HOGS, j
One BROOD SOW, with 10 Shouts.
FARMING IMPLEMENTS.
One 2 horse Wagon, in good order, one 4-
ho:se ditto, 1-horse Cart, nearlv ne v. one
Hay Carriage, one 2 horse Iron Ream Plow,
one 1 horse Plow, two Double Shovel Plows
nne Single Shovel Plow, Cultivator, Cutting
Box, Grinustoue, Forks, Shovels, Spades
Rakes, one set of Double Harness, one set o!
Cart Harness, Plow Harness, Ac., ke. Ac.
TERMS ipE SATE A credit of (7 months
will be given on all sums over ten dollars, the
note bearing interest from the day of Sale,
two good securities required on each note;
all sums under ten dollars, cash. No proper'}
to be removed until the terms of Sale are com
plied wiih.
novlO —tsn H. KEY HUNTER.
LAP.SE AHJ VALUABLE FARM
FOR SALE,
NEAR ItOCKVILLK, Ml).
r I*MIE subscribers, as nttornevs for the
owner, oiler at private sab-, a valuable
farm of
-229 ACRES, more or leas,
lying about a mile from Rockville on the
Duruesiown Road.
This most desirable farm is in a high state
of cultivation contains about 50 acres ot
prime Ciiestunt and Oak timber; lias water
in every field and fencing nil in good order
The improvements run-i.-t
NEW FRAME DWELLING
fif ym HOUSE, li being a Two Storv Cot
.i e, well finished in every reaped,
and in excellent munition, with piazza in
front and south sides, ar.d dry cellar in base
ment. Also a fine orchard of peaches and ap
ples in full bearing, and new Barn, Stable
and Granary.
The farm will be divided if preferred and
any part sold.
Title indisputable, and terms Accom
modating. RICH DM. WILLIAMS,
Attorney at Law,
oct o—tf0 —tf Rockville. Md.
EXAMINERS’ NOTICE.
r I"M!R undersigned having been appointed
it Examiners by the County Coiiimi.-sioners
of Montgomery county to ascertain whether
the public convenience requires the opening ot
a public* road, commencing at a point opposite
T. Watkins Store, on the county road lead
ing from Mr. James Henderson's to Damascus,
and running thence the most eligible route on
nr near the old road through the lands of John
Cassason, Vine nt Brewer, Joshua Riggs, Pru
dence Griffith. Marv Miller, and Dr. Washing
ton Waters, at a point on the public road near
the Wildcat Ford, on ilie road leading from
Dr. Waters’ Mill to Damascus—
HEREBY GIVE NOTICE to all interred
that they will meet on the premises on MO A*
IP A the day <f Dvcemi r, 1871, at tin
hour of 10 o’clock A. M to execute the com
mission as above stated.
SAMUEL SCOTT,
JAMES B. NEEL.
ZA CHARI All DO WHEN,
nov 17 —tdn Examiners j
EXAMINERS’ NOTICE.
r I"MiE undersigned having been appointed
Examiners by the County Commissioner.-
ot Montgomery county to ascertain whether
the public convenience requires the opening of
a public road, leading from Lay tons v i lie to
Damascus, conmimoncing at or near what was
formerly called Gray’s Gate, (now the property
of Charles Stanley,) in order to avoid an nl- 1
most insurmountable hill which tlie public
have already abandoned from its abruptness.
Said proposed change would be about 300
yards, anti about 15paces further than the oh!
location,
HEREBY GIVE NOTICE to all interested,
that they will meet on M<P.V/JA U December
!Blh, 1871. at the hour of 10 A. M to exe
cute the Commission, as above stated.
DAVID L PUGH,
RiCH'D. W. JUNES,
JAS. S. KEMP.
nov 17 —tdn Examiners.
Estray Cow.
State of Maryland, Monty,m-ry C“’-nty S:.,
1 HEREBY CERTIFY, that Fran
ces Clark brought before me, the
übscriher. .one of the Justices of
the Peace in nud for the said county, this 11th
day of November, 1871. as a stray trespass
ing upon bvr.en*.lnsures, a small Buffalo COW
color red, a w hite stripe dow n her back,
right ear cropped and a hole, left ear cropped
and indeuted. Given under my hand.
JOHN M. CLARK. J. P.
The owner of the above property will please
come forward, pay charges and take it away.
FRANCES K. CLARK. j
Living on the road leading fiom Hie Sligo
P. O. to the Four Corners,
nov 17—3tp
Ayer’s
Hair Vigor,
For restoring Gray Hair to
its natural Vitality and Color.
A A dressing which
is at once agreeable,
healthy, and effectual
for preserving the
hair. Faded or gray
hair is soon restored
to its original color,
with the gloss and
freshness of youth.
Thin hair is thick
ened, falling hair checked, and bald
ness often, though not always, cured
by its use. Nothing can restore the
hair where the follicles are destroyed,
or the glands atrophied anil decayed.
But such as romain can be saved for
usefulness by this application. Instead
of fouling the hair with a pasty sedi
ment, it will keep it clean and vigorous.
Its occasional use will prevent the hair
from turning gray or falling off, and
consequently prevent baldness. Free
from those deleterious substances which
i make some preparations dangerous, and
injurious to the hair, the Vigor can
only benefit but not harm it. If wanted
merely for a
HAIR DRESSING,
nothing else can he found so desirable.
Containing neither oil nor dye, it does
not soil white cambric, and yet lasts
long on the hair, giving it a rich, glossy
lustre and a grateful perfume.
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer St Co,,
Practical and Analytical Chemists,
LOWELL, MASS.
PRICE SI.OO.
For Fale by an
mar 10 —eowv
SONKTIIiW MOV.
Come One and _A.II
and Examine
TIIK XKW STOCK OF
FALL A\D WINTER tOOBS,
NOW OX HAND AND RECEIVING AT
X. D. Ofl’ull’B Store, Rockville, Mil, compris
ing, partly, as follows
DRY G CGKOS 2
Fine.
Plain ;tn<l Fancy
Hollis and ('assitucrep.
Vest in op. Heavy Fall
Clotlis, Cap.-Jinores and Oapsi
notts, Kentucky Janet*,
Tweeds and ('ottonades,
Flanntds. Heavy and
Fine and Fancy
Jjlcnchcd and Unbleached Sheetings,
10-4 atid 11-4. Hod Ticking, of all
grades and prices. Bleached and
Unbleached Muslins, all kinds
and prices, Linseys, Osita
burgs and 4 Striped Cottons,
Linens and Crash of all
grades. Prints of tlx*
latest styles. Alpacas
and Dress Goods, in
every variety.
N T ION S.
lvibboTis- 4 Tosiery rt itd
CJLOVES, COLLARS AND
Cuffs, fur Ladies and Gentlemen's wear,
and a large variety in that line.
I toady ATade ('lot 1 Liny
HEAVY AND FINE.
HATS AND APS.
MEN AND BOVS, of the finest styles.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
MEN AND BOYS, Heavy nn<] Fine Sewed
and Pegged, fiom the best makers,
LADIES’ AND CHILDREN’S wear. Heavy
and Fine, every style and price.
OF A WELL-ASSORT ED STOCK.
Tin-ware, assorted, Crockery, Stone, and
Glrtfs Ware, Wood and Willow-Ware, Paints,
Oils, and Window Glass. &c.
LARGE STOCK OF BEST GROCERIES,
and Flour, Bacon, Larel, Butter and Cheese,
Fish and Salt.
CHOICE LIQUORS. TOBACCO AND CI
GARS AND CONFECTIONERY.
And all articles usually kept for sale in a
well-appointed Country Store.
All purchased for cash, and will be sold as
low a.s they can be bought at retail in this
County or the District mat kef, on the same
terms of payment. To prove this give me a
call and see for yourselves.
N. l>. OFFUTT.
Nov. 17—tf
UNPAID TAXES.
'Shirty Is:tyV ,\otire.
X%7 M. F. LAZEXISY. Collector of
WV State am! County Tax in the sth
Election District of Montgomery county for
the years 1 HUT, 18G8. 1809 and 1870, having
relumed to the Commissioners of said county'
the following Tract or Parcel of Land, on
which the State and county tax for the years
1807, 1808, 1809 and 1870, have not
paid —to wit
A TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND, situ
ate, lying and being in Berry’s district, call
ed Snowden's Man nor Enlarged,” contain
ing 15 Acres, more or less, assessed in the
name of Win. Kirk
County tax 1807, on §IBOO, at GO cts. §lO 8i
State tax for 1808, on §IBOO. at 19 cts 3 4:'
County at 61 cts. 10 98
§l4 4<j
State tax for 1869. on SIBOO, at 19 cts. S 3 42
County at 68 cts. 12 24
§ls 00
State tax for 1870, on §IBOO. at I*.*] cts. S
County alßofcts. 14 i
§lB
And having certified to this Court that he
can find no j*ersonal proju-rty in the coun y.
liable for or chargeable with the payment yd
the aforegoing amounts—
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, That unless
the taxes on said Tract of Land, with fhe in
terest thereon, shall be paid to said Collector,
within thirty days after the publication of rhi#
notice is completed, the tract of land so charg
ed. or so much thereof as may la? necessary to
raise the sums due thereon, shall Ik* sold to the
highest bidder for the pxvnient of the samp.
Test: JOS A. TANEY. CTfcf