the press
SATURDAY MORNING, NOT. 25, 187
CITY AND VICINITY.

lV«w AdY<rtiaem«ulM To-Day.
auction column.
Furniture, &c.—F. O. Bailey Co.
entertainment column.
Tableaux—This Evening.
Theatre—Music Hall.
M. L. A.—Lecture by Hon. Carl Schurz.
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
For Sale—An Old Reliable Family Horse.
Spiritualism and Animal Magnetism—Prof. Stone
Class for Instruction—Prof. Stone.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Dry Goods—Covel Valpey.
How to make Burning Fluid.
Cure for Secret Diseases.—Dr. Cyle Co.
Nice Rent for $300—L. Taylor.
Dissolution—Sawyer Woodford.
New Shellbarks—Wm. Allen, Jr.
Removal—Dr. Jenness.
Situation Wanted.
House to Let—Seward Bucknam.
Religious Notices.
India St. Univkksalist Society, Putnam’
Hall, India St.—Sunday School at 10.30 a. m.
Casco Sr. Peek Baptist Chu'v h, Rev. A. A
Smith, pastor. Preaching! at 10.30 a. m. Sabbatl
School at 12. Preaching at 3 p. m. Prayer Meelin;
at 7, evening.
First Baptist Church, Congress st., comer o
Wilmot,Rev. Win. H. Shailer, Pastor.—The momin:
service will be omitted till further notice. SabbatJ
School at 1.45; preaching at 3; prayer and socia
meeting at 7.30.
The Reform School S. S. will be held Sunday P
M. Coach leavei State Street at 2 o’clock. Eveij
teacher is requested to be present or to provide a sub
stitute.
St. Luke’s Cathedral.—Sunday services at 10.3(
A. M. and 7 l\ m. Daily services at 0 a. m., and i
an l 7 P. al. Seats free to all.
Bethel Church, 97 Fore Street.—Services Sab
bath a. m., at 10.30 o’clock; p. m., at 3 and 7.3(
o’clock. Communion service the first Sunday P. m,
of each month. Also meetings on Monday an«;
Thursday evenings at 7.45 o’clock. All from the sen
aud land are cordially invited.
Newbury Street Cnumii.—Prayer meeting at
10.30; preaching at 3 and 7 o’clock, p. m.
Mocxtfort Street A. M. E. Church.—Prea;li
mg hi iu.ou a. maim i ou r. .m., oy me nev. r. l.
Stanford. Seals free.
Mission Chapel, Deering’s Bridge.—Sunday
School every Sunday at 1.30 p. m. All are veiy cor
dially invited to attend.
West Congregational Church.—Preaching at
3 o’clock l*. m., by the Pastor, ltev. W. F. Ober.
Prayer Meeting at 7.30 p. m. Sabbath School at 10.45
o’clock A. M.
Williston Chapel, corner of May and Danforth
streets.—Sabbath School at 1.30 p. m. All are cor
dially invited. Seats free.
Free Street Baptist Church.—Service.': fore
noon and afternoon at the usual hours.
Plymouth Church.—The regular preaching ser
vices hereafter will bo morning at 10.30 and after
noon at 3.
Allen Mission Chapel, Locust Street.—Sabbath
School Prayer Meeting at 2.15; Sabbath School
Prayer Meeting every Friday evening at 7.15. All
are cordially invited. Seats free.
Second Advent Meeting, Union Hall, entrance
on Free street, opposite Baptist Church.—Eider It.
It. York will preach at the usual hours Sunday.
Seat) free.
Pine St. M. E. Church.—D. II. Hannaburgh, pas
tor.—Morning Prayer Meeting at 8 o’clock; preach
ing at 10.30; Sunday School at 1 P. si.; preaching at
3. Prayer meeting at 7 p. m.
Y. M. C. Association, Mechanics’ Building, cor
ner Congress and Casco streets.—Reading ltoom open
every day and evening. Prayer Meetings every Sat
urday evening.
St. Paul’s Church, corner of Congress and Lo
cust street.—Morning service Sunday at 10.30 o’clock
a. m., and 3 p. m. This is a free chuich, with free
seats, and all are welcome.
First Universalist Church.—Morning services
at 10.30. At 7 p. M., the pastor will deliver tne ninth
of a series of discourses on the Parables. Subject:
“The Good Shepherd.”
Preble Chapel, comer Preble and Cumberland
streets. Meeting of the Suuday School at 2; Preach
ing at 3; S. S. Concert at 7 o’clock. All are cordially
invited.
Chestnut St. Church—Revival Services, Preach
ing at 10.30 A. M., 3 and 7 P. m.
New Jerusalem Church.—Rev. Mr. Hayden
will preach in the Temple on New H!gh street, to
morrow morning at 10.30 o’clock: On the Duty or the
church on earth to cooperate the church in heaven, in
its employments and uses. Ps. exxii, 0.
Lecture on same subject in the Evening, in the
vealiy at 7 o’clock.
Spiritualists, Army and Navy Union Hall.
Children’s Progressive Lyceum meets at 10.30 o’clock.
A meeting of conference at 3 P. M. All interested are
invited.
Park St. Church.—Rev. James T. Hewcs of
Salem, will conduct the services to-morrow.
63T*Rev. Prof. Win. M. Barbour will pieach at
the Brick School Houee, Woodford’s Corner, Sunday
afternoon at 3 o’clock.
IT. 9. Commissioner’s Court.
before commissioner band.
Friday—United States vs. William Smith. As
sault with a knife on the second mate of the brig
Geo. Burnham. Committed in default of $500 bail to
apl>e&r before the U. S. District Court on the 5th of
December.
Webb. Frank.
9upcrior Court.
NOVEMBER CIVIL TERM, LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Friday—James Bradin et. ux. vs. City of Port
land. The jury returned a verdict for plaintiff for
$450.
A. A. Strout. Symonds Libby.
This being the last case for the jury they were final
ly discharged.
The following justice cases have been assigned for
trial Saturday:
342—Jennings al. vs. Curtis Trs.
205—Newton al. vs.Tukey.
268—Clark vh. Mains.
307—Harford et. al. vs. Forsaitb.
384— Jones vs. Colby et. al.
385— Same vs. Same.
387—Williams vs. Emery.
3S8—Williams vs. Mansfield.
ITInniripnl Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PRESIDING.
Friday—Allice Duffle, for keeping oj>en shop on
the lord’s day, wat fined $10 and costs. Appealed.
O’Donnell.
Kate Galley, for drunkenness and disturbance,was
fined $3 and costs.
William Chambers, for truancy, was sent to the
Reform School during minority.
Brief Jottings.
The annual address before the Portland Benev
olent Society will be delivered by Rev. W. E
Gibbs on the second Sunday evening in Decern*
her, in the First Parish church.
We understand from the agents that the
steamer City of Richmond will make her Iasi
trip to Bangor (or as far as the ice will permit
leaving Railroad wharf Wednesday evening th<
29th inst., returning Dec. 1st.
Barque C, V. Minot arrived yesterday fron
Mobile with a cargo of cotton for the Peperell
Mills, Biddeford.
Mr. John Russell, formerly superintendent 01
the the Portland, Saco Portsmouth railroad,
is lying dangerously ill and cannot probably
survive.
Three boys from this city made a raid or
some pigeons belonging to a resident of Deer
ing the other night and shot several of them
They frightened the owner of them into silenc
by pointing a pistol at him.
The Ariel and Alcyon boat clubs have joine<
in giving a select com sc of five assemblies; th
first to take place Wednesday Nov. 20«h, at
p. in. to be followed on every other Tuesda
nights. H. P. Ladd and Worcester, for the Ari
els; Corey and Phiney for the Alcyons.
Last evening officer Corliss arrested a gii
17 years of age, for larceny committed a
Saccarappa.
The sales of real estate in our paper yrestei
day were negotiated by .Messrs. George R. Davi
Co., who should have been credited for then
Prof. Stone will give another of his remark!
hie entertainments at Fluent Hall this evei
ing. He has a wonderful power over some
his subjects.
The snow s^omi which was reported froi
Chicago on Thursday night reached here ye
terday afternoon, but its form changed, and
came as a violent fall of rain with a strong ea
terly gale.
Next week the scholars in the public schoo
will have six days respite from study.
Be sure that the turkeys you give to the po<
for Thanksgiving are not poor turkeys. L
vmir cliaritv cro out as liberally to others
plenty is directed toward your own board.
Lincoln street will witness a golden weddii
to-night. Rev. Mr. Ripley, who performed tl
marriage service, is still living. All the Jothe
present on that joyful occasion except the bri<
and bridegroom, have passed away.
George H. Bailey has just finished two bea
tiful pictuics of animal life, which aie on e
hibition at Schumacher's. They are spirit
portraits of the famous tiotting-horses Licen
and Young Morrill, and will excite the admir
tion of lovers of true art.
At the Maine Central depot on Thursday a
Ceruoon a gentlemen had his pocket picked of
pocket-book containing §300.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Tilden will ta1
place at 11 o’clock this forenoon from 52 Frail
lin street.
It is tiue that it was very dark and stormv la
night so much so, perhaps, that it was uui
for street lights; nevertheless old fogies grim
hied that no e.Tort was made to try the expel
meat of lighting the lamps.
Uevivat..—‘The revival meetings at the vest
of the Chestnut street M. E. Church were co
tinued afternoon and evening yesterday, with
great deal of fervor and enthusiasm. At bo
services many persons went forward to the all
for prayers. Several clergymen from abro
were present and took part.
Timmon Hawes’ have a plenty of th<
nice Virginia Oysters at only 40 cts. a quart i
livered in any part of the city free of charge
Also a supply of those famous Blue Point, N
folk and Princes’ Bay Oysters,
Arrest of a Bcrglar,—Several weeks ag
the White Rock station on the Portland Oj
densburg Railroad was broken into and a lot c
I. railroad tickets and $20 in money stolen. Abou
a week later the Hiram station was broken int
and subsequently an attempt was made on th
store of John 1 lexce, «Jr., Co., m the sam
village. On Thursday Mr. George I). Beck
the station agent at White Rock, and Cliarle
E. Hubbard, the agent at Hiram, informei
Deputy Decelle that well-grounded suspicioi
was directed toward a young man namei
Charles Abbott, concerning whose movement
there was some mystery, and who had been em
ployed a day or two before on a gravel trail
until proof of his innocence or guilt could b<
established, Among other things said wai
that he had a bag at the Portland station whicl
he was anxious to get
On receiving this information Deputy De
celle started for Hiram to investigate the affair.
At the Portland Kennebec depot he found a
large bag, which had been brought to this city
from Conway Center on Wednesday directed tc
Caleb Wiley-, Portland, Maine. Seeing that
the bag was marked “J. T. Randall,” he opened
it and found it filled with new clothing, clotb
not made up, socks, mittens, and other articles.
He took the bag and went to Hiram where he
had an interview with tlio suspected boy. The
boy claimed the bag as his and said it was filled
with his own clothing, which had been sent to
him by his brother who resided in Portland.
f He stoutly denied all knowledge of the burg
laries, but finally confessed that he had not only
committed the burglaries in White Rock and
Hiram, but had also entered a store in Bart
j lett, N. H., where he had stolen the goods in
the bag. He gave his name as Charles Abbott,
and says he came from Bartlett, N. H., but has
no parents living. He is only lti years old. He
was brought to this city and locked up. Mr.
Decelle took tags and clothing from the bag
and gave them them (fo the conductor, who
gained information that corroborated the con
fession of the boy that he had robbed the store
of Lewis Gray, Bartlett, N. H.
The Allan Steamers.—A rumor was cur
rent yesterday, based upon an article which ap
peared in the Montreal Ikrald, that ilie Allan
line of Canadian steamships hud been purchas
ed by the Grand Trunk Railway Co. The ru
mor has been contradicted by the Montreal
Ifit/iess, on the authority of the agents of the
Steamship Company at Alontreal.
We-print below a list of the steamers on the
line for the ensuing season, with the dates of
their departure from Liverpool and Portland,
made up by the agents. Changes may- occur in
it at any time; but nevertheless it is worth sav
ing by those interested.
Leave Leave
Liverpool. Portland,
Hibernian, Watts.Nov. 9.Dec. 2
Moravian, Graham. 16. 9
Sarmatian, Wyley. 23. “16
Prussian, Dutton. 30. “23
Nestorian, Aird.Dec. 7. “30
Scandinavian, Ballantine.. 14.Jan. 6
North American, Miller... 21. “13
Moravian, Graham. 28. “20
Sarmatian, Wyley.Jan. 4. “27
Austrian, Brown. ll.Feb. 3
Caspian, Ritchie. 18. “10
Scandinavian, Ballantine.. 25. “17
Hibernian, Watts.Feb. 1. “24
Moravian, Graham. 8.Mcli 2
Sarmatian, Wyley. 15. 9
Austrian, Brown.^... 22. “16
Nestorian, Aird. 29............ “23
Scandinavian, Ballantine.. Mch. 7...... 30
North American, Miller_ 14.Apr. 6
Moravian, Graham. 21. “13
Sarmatian, Wyley. 28...!.!..!!!! “20
Austrian, Brown,.Apr. 4.......... 27
The Sarmatian, which will be due on Jan. 1st,
has never been in this port but has made two trips
to Montreal. She draws 27. feet loaded and will
be, we believe, the deepest draft ship that ever
laid at our wharves.
As Mrs. Foss reads at the closing entertain
ment of the People’s Course on Monday eve
ning of next week, we copy the following from
a Salem paper of Tuesday of last week:
The G. A. It. entertainment on Monday eve
ning was novel and pleasing, combining a well
selected programme of reading and tableaux.
Mrs. Louise Woodworth Foss, of Boston, made
hor first appearance in Salem as a reader, and
we congratulate her on a complete success.
She has a fine presence, a decidedly handsome
face aud figure, a stage manner self-possessed
and graceful, a delivery clear and distinct, and
she seems to possess all the requisites of a suc
cessful public reader. She, by request, good
naturedly read some of the scenes from Dick
ens almost at sight, which is asking a good deal
of a reader, when we remember that many
public readers devote weeks to even the most
trivial selections.
The manager also offers tlie attractious of the
child wonder Antonini, the female violinist, to
gether with Miss Fannie Chandler, all for 25
cents.
Untversalist Fair.—The series of enter
tainments got up by the India Street Uni versa
list Society, in aid of their friends, go swim
mingly on. They seem to have struck the pop.
ular vein, and each evening witnesses large and
happy audiences. Last evening, notwithstand
ing the very unpleasant weather, the room was
well filled and the evenings’ entertainment
passed off to the satisfaction of all. The per
formers acquitted themselves like veterans ’and
were much applauded. This evening,—tlie last
of the five nights, there will be tableaux and
a beautiful fairy spectacle. The articles offered
at the fair go off rapidly, and the refreshments
add much to the convenience of the evening.—
Upon the whole, it is a good place to enjoy an
evening—and we say to all, go and see for your
selves.
Death of E. P. Gerrish, Esq.—Hundreds
of our readers will be pained to learn that anoth
er well known citizen, Edward Payson Ger
rish, Esq., long the respected President of the
Casco National Bank, died at his residence in
tliK nit.rr at oliAiit a’aIaaIt tin's innrn!nir
Manufactures.
VALUABLE SUGGESTIONS.
I was in the corn broom factory a few days
since. In its early days I saw it, when it oc
cupied a little seven by nine shanty in the
northerly part of the town; now it has spacious
accommodations on Middle street, and has
grown into very respectable proportions and has
become an established iudustry of no small im
portance to the business of the city.
And this reminds me of a talk I had a few
days ago with a furniture manufacturer. He
told me of several large establishments of this
kind in Boston, well-known to him, that be
gan each of them less than t?n years ago, with
a single pair of hands, those of the present pro
prietor. One of them made picture frames only
at first, then with an additional workmen or
two, admitted one other article of manufacture
and now that establishment employs fifty
hands. Another began with a hat stand of a
particular style; and another with an improved
k arm-chair, and at present, both of these estab
lishments have attained large proportions and
j produce a variety of articles in the furniture
line. There are few branches of industry
more important to a town than the manufacture
of furniture, because it employs a great num
ber of hands, the cost of the goods being large
ly that of the labor required to produce them,
j A great advantage that this manufacture lias
consists in this, that it can be commenced on
small scale, without any great outlay of capita
and with small risk of loss. For many year
g we had a large furniture factory here, (wliicl
began on a small scale, all its power being on
horse) employing a great many men and wtfcnen
but since its destruction in the great fire, no at
tempt has been made to revive the business.
There is no town on the Atlantic coast, inor
favorably situated than Portland, for this trad
because all the woods necessary for it can com
t by Grand Trunk railroad directly to our doors.
There is at Augusta a most prosperous an
successful door, sash and blind factory, turiun
lg out great quantities of the best work, wliic
finds a ready sale, with orders always ahead
and the wares go through all the country, a
t far west as Chicago and even to the Mississipp
quiuiiuv ail U1UU” uil Hi
way, and even in this town, to supply the w,:mt
of the city and all this region. The stock ca
be bad hcie as cheaply as in Augusta, and a
rg good, and wonderful to say, we have a firsi
class sash, door and blind factory here wit
the best improved machinery, lying idle; not!
ing is required hut a small capital, a little enei
gy and enterprise, and a fire under the boilci
j The Augusta factory has steam by prefercuci
though water power is plenty there and good,
i- _____________ N. D.
/Tii*i'i:i,i.AM:Mr« noth is.
f
£1
I have just received from New York an
Boston markets, an assortment of Holidu
[C
Goods, consisting of Perfumes, trash and d
C sirahle, Swiss Carved Goods, Match lloxe
Match Stands, Paper Weights, &c Germai
French and English Goods, Bronzes, togetlu
ll with a full line of Nice Toilet Articles. Thei
goods are newly imported, and are reasonab
in price. Believing that if you desire to obta
gifts for the Holidays—not cxi>ensivo, yet a
tractive and seasonable—1 can offer suclu.
Z beg you to honor me with an inspection of tl
a same, while they are in full stock and not s
j, lected from, and perhaps nearly exhausted.
er Yours Respectfully,
Ml ‘Whittier,” Druggist,
Junction Free and Congress Streets.
nov25-dlw
P Sexual Science, by S. S. Fowler, an c:
_ Posltkm, as taught by Phrenology and Physol
P ^“turn’s laws, as applicable to the sexi
me iu ing niauhood, womanhood and their mi
tual inter-relations. Atwell agent for Portlan
BY TELEGRAPH,
f __
t WAIHIXGTON.
5 THE KENTUCKY CASE.
3 Washington, Nov. 24.—The argument in
i the mandus case to compel Secretary Boutwell
to |issue a warrant for payment or Kentucky
war claims, began in the Supreme Court to-day,
1 Attorney General Ackerman appearing for the
l Secretary of the Treasury.
1 WEATHER NOTES.
The report at the signal office from Buffalo,
i Oswego, Rochester, St. Paul and Toronto, in
dicate snow. At five o'clock this evening snow
was falling at Burlington, Vt., and Montreal,
Canada. At the summit of Mt. Washington
the thermometer was 14 above zero, with a
south wind blowing 80 miles an hour and heavy
snow.
CATAZKAY RETIRES.
The management of the Russian legation
to General Gorloff, whose residence has been at
rp,a. on*’ as military attache of the legation,
llus gentleman will be very acceptable to the
executive authorities in his new position. The
change relieves the President of the unpleas
amt duty which Cataeazy’s conduct had otli
wise made a necessity of sending his passport
to the -Minister, and may be regarded as a prac
tical compliance with the request of his gov
ernment for his recall. It is understood that
Catacazy has been ordered by his government
to wait upon the Grand Duke during his tour
in this country and return to Russia immedi
ately on its close.
MASSACHUSETTS.
HEAVY FORGERIES.
Boston, Nov. 24.—The Traveller states that
rumors of heavy forgeries on State Interest are
confirmed. The name forged is Hon. John I.
Clarke, a lawyer, as endorser of notes of J. A.
The forgeries amount to §21,000. The paper is
in the hands of parties on the street^and in the
banks.
t T ir$® y°uno r°ughs, named Thomas Meehan,
John Dougherty and James Carroll, are in jail
in default of §.1000 bail each, charged with gar
rotmg and robbing Charles B. Sellon, shipper’s
editor of the Boston Daily Advertiser.
THE ALLEGED LEEHAN MURDERER.
Michael Cusick, held on suspicion of murder
ing Kate Leehan, lias been discharged but was
re-arrested on complaint for assaulting a wo
man in Weymouth some time ago.
BIIAKEMAN KILLED.
Eben Earl, aged 18, brakeman on a freight
train from Providence, was knocked off the
cars and killed last night by a bridge.
FISHING VESSEL SUPPOSED LOST.
The Cape Ann Advertiser says fears are en
tertained that the fishing schooner S. B. Miller,
Capt. John Chapman, of New London, has been
lost together with all on board. The S. B. Mil
ler was engaged in halibut fishery, and sailed
from New London forty-six days ago. Wrlien
last seen she was off La Have Banks >ct. 12th,
in a very severe storm, about to make for land
in hopes of avoiding disaster.
MEMBER OF THE SUFFOLK BAR.
ouiiienanu, inemoer
of Suffolk Bar, for receiving stolen goods, which
has occupied the Superior Court for two days,
resulted to-night in a verdict of guilty. The
court refused the bail offered, and he was re
manded for sentence.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR MAYOR.
The Republican Ward and City Committee
to-night nominated Newton Talbot for Mayor
and adjourned to Monday evening.
KILLED BY A TRAIN.
t. ®i*i.xgfield, Nov. 24.—John Pierce, a voung
Englishman, was struck and killed by a train
on the Housatonie railroad, near Lee, to-night.
NEW YOllK.
POLITICAL SCHEMING.
New York Nov. 24.—The Labor Reform Con
>ention called to meet in Washington in De
cember has been abandoned, and will meet iu
Columbus, Ohio, the third Wednesday in Feb
ruary, with the object of working in harmony
with the National Convention, then to be held
there with a view to perfecting the third party
organization.
COUNTED IN BY THE CITY CANVASSERS.
It is rumored that a police captain drew $10,
000, and an assistant Alderman $,>000 from the
Bowling Green Bank after it suspended.
The city canvassers counted in the Tammany
candidates for Aldermen.
THE DAILY RECORD.
Judge Bedford reserved his decision iu the
case of Haggerty and Baulch, the voucher
thieves.
Judge McCunn has denied the motion for a
non-suit in the case of J. C. Davis, to compel
Smith, Gould and Martin to fullil a contract
made on Thursday preceding the celebrated
“Black Friday.”
There were additional cases of small pox to
day.
Several faro banks have been broken up along
the docks and forty arrests made.
Lhe Brooklyn Union asserts that a prominent
othce holder m that city received $10,000 from
Boss Tweed to secure his election.
A large number of the sailors of the Russian
fleet are at the Long Island Hospital under
treatment for scurvey.
The Reform. Conimittee of Brooklyn has be
gun an investigation into the accounts of the
I City Auditor.
Mrs. Carroll, the actress, who broke her arm
on Sunday by a fall, is convalescing.
The sewer embankment at Clifton Station Is
land caved to-day burying seven laborers. All
were rescued, but several were severely injured.
BIBLE QUESTION.
There is. still considerable excitement at
Hunt’s Point over the determination of the
School Commissioners to enforce the reading of
I in the schools. Several children of
v"vw“u c wen ejmea oeeuusi; iney
re 1 used to be present at such an occasion. To- I
(lay three young men took seats in the school,
though refused permission, and encouraged,
cheered and protected from ejection one of the
girl scholars who remonstrated against reading
the Bible. They were arrested by the police.
THE CHURCH MILITANT.
The Rockville Centre, L. I., Methodist Church
case was opened before Judge Tappan, of the
Supreme Court, yesterday. The Trustees are
trying to obtain possession of the parsonage,
which is held by the Rev. M. Corner, who was
appointed by the Bishop. After some progress
was made the case went over till next month.
ACCIDENT TO A PORTSMOUTH VESSEL.
The schooner Fannie Bailey of Portsmouth,
from Newburg f.«r Boston, with coal, run ashore
on Hog’s Back, Hell Gate, to-d ly. She will be
got off and beached at Astoria.
ACCIDENT TO AN EASTPOIIT VESSEL.
Bark J. H. McLarren of Eastport, hence for
Aspinwall with coal, anchored last night north
of Gedney’s channel. At low water she com
menced to strike heavy and sprung a leak. This
morning she was taken in tow to return and
was soon found to he sinking rapidly. The crew
were taken off and the vessel grounded just
north of the bnoy on the Knowles. The deck
is level with the water and it is blowing a gale
from the southeast with a heavy sea. It is fear
ed she will go to pieces to-night.
ALEXIS.
Alexis and suite arrived at 10.30 to-night and
proceeded to the Clarendon Hotel.
CONNECTICUT.
LOSS OF A BRITISH ,-CHOOXER.
Norwich Nov. 24.—The British schooner J.
W. Scott, Capt Gieen, f om St. John, N. B.,
struck on old Catumbee reef, off Watch Hill,
this forenoon at 8.00 o’olock, and was aban
doned as the sea made a clean breah over her.
The crew aro ashore at Stonington. She was a
new schooner, on her first trip with a cargo of
white nine lumber, consigded to C. Maxson
Co., W esterly Ridge, She will go to pieces to
night. Tlie wind is S. E. and blowing a gale.
A dispatch received from Sionington says
the schooner dragged off the Sound and was
finally boarded by the captain and crew. She
now lies near Eelgrass Shoal lightship, and if
the gale subsides the cargo wiil be saved.
MURDER AND SUICIDE.
Hartford, Nov. 24.—Charles E. Vetts, a
German milk peddlar, living two miles north of
Meridan, murdered his mother this afternoon
by cutting her throat and afterwards committed
suicide by cutting his own throat. Trouble
from mother’s opposition to his marriage is as
signed as the cause. The two weic alone in the
house and the bodies were found about 4 o’clock
by his sis„er.
m AH VI. AND.
Anapolis, Nov. 24.—'The Grand Duke
Alexis and sui'.c visited the Naval Academy to
day. He was received with a salute. He ex
1 amined the building, insjiccted the quarters and
practice ship. An entertainment was given by
the Commandant. At ties banquet, Alexis re
sponded to a toast to the “Emperor of Russia’’
by one to the “President of the United States;”
Admiral Possiet responded to a toast to the
Russian navy witli tiie following:—“The pros
perity of the remarkable Institution we have
ness and produce those men like Farragut, Por
ter and Worden to adorn their country’s his
1 tory.” After other toasts and speeches Alexis
and party proceeded to the dei>ot and left foi
New York, whilo Secretary Robeson and sever
I al United States officers returned to Washing
ton. The Duke will remain in New York until
about Dec. 5th, when he will visit Boston, Al
bany and Montreal and thence proceed West,
i after which he will visit some of the Southern
States.
CALIFORNIA.
DEATn OF LORING CONFIRMED.
San Francisco, Nov. 24.—The details of the
Wiekenhjrg massacre leave no possible (loubl
i that F. W. Boring was killed by the Apaches
The Arizona Citizen says that the latest infer
_ ma'.ion leaves no doubt that Cochise was ai
Canada Alamosa.
T1IK BANK ROBBER.
Ifine, who was arrested here recently for rob
l>ing the National Nank of Barrington, Mass,
has confessed everything and will he takei
back immediately.
CONSOLIDATION.
It is currently reported that the Stockton 5
Copperapolis and the Stockton Visalia Rail
II roads have been sold to the Central Pacific
y which, with the exception of a short line ii
Los Angelos, the Company now own every roi
of railroad in California.
A FAST nORSE.
,r Gov. Stanford’s horse trotted yesterda
tim e miles on Union Course in 2.184, 2.19 ani
e 2.191-4.
:e
n PENNSYLVANIA.
t- ANOTHER CITY CAVING IN THE COAL REGIONS
I New York, Nov. 24.—A Scranton dispute]
e states that a portion of Olive street sunk seve
ral inches yesterday morning, consequent upo
the caving of a mining shaft. There is consul
erable excitement, as several houses are badl;
twisted and the foundations cracked open.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
OFFICIAL STATEMENT OF STATE DEBT.
Charleston, Nov.—The State treasurer offi
daily states the total debt of South Carolina a
$13,300,908.!*!, and says the accounts are ope
to the public. The financial agency at Nc\
s Y'ork will he discontinued, and some respects
i- ble hanking institution will be designated t
1 pay the interest on the debt.
NEW JERSEY.
EXPLOSION.
New Jersey, Nov. 24.—-An explosion of gas
occurred in the State House at Trenton this
forenoon, blowing out a portion of the end
wall. The workmen repairing the pipes were
uninjured.
OHIO.
A RELIGIOUS CONVENTION.
Cincinnati, Nov. 24.—A movement is afloat
for a National Convention here, the object be
ing to secure the lecoguition of God in the
Constitution.
METEOROJLOCilCAL.
SYNOPSIS OF WEATHER REPORTS FOR THE PAST
TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
War I>ei*’t, Office Chief Signal)
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Nov. 24 (7.00 P. M.) J
Probabilities—The barometer will probably
rise with partially clouded weather on Saturday
in the Southern States and remain low with
cloudy weather in the Gulf States and Texas.
A falling barometer with rain will probably
centinue in New England with brisk southeast
winds veering to the west on Saturday morn
ing. Brisk southwest winds continue to-night
on the lower Lakes with diminishing force, and
westerly winds with partially cloudy and clear
ing weather will prevail for a short time on
Saturday. A falling barometer and warm rain
in Oregon will probably move eastward, preced
ed by extended cloudy and threatening weather
on Saturday north and west of the Ohio valley.
Cautionary signals will continue for this eve
ning at New York, New London, Boston, Port
land, Oswego and Buffalo.
TELEGRAPHIC ITEMS.
A proposition was made iu the city council of
Louisville, Ivy., to give all the taxes collected
from the negroes to the negro schools.
Surgeon Christian, at Port Hayes, Kadsas,
committed suicide on Saturday.
A mass meeting is proposed in New York to
take action to secure decent gas-light at a reas
onable price.
Mrs. Norton drlivered a lecture at Newark
Wednesday eveniug, denouncing female suff
rage as a fraud.
A lad named Dusenberry was killed at Mar
ion, Ark., Wedncsdasdav, by the explosion of a
flask of powder which liis father wras filling
near the lire.
The government has ordered two hundred
thousand rations to be supplied to the sufferers
by the Wisconsin fires. The rations will be for
warded in a few days.
Missionary Vasseur in a lecture on China in
New York Thursday evening stated that the
only way to prevent Chinese immigration was
to prohibit the sending back of dead Chinamen
to their own country.
Wilson, Hawksworth Co.'s Heaton
Drukla’s ami A. B. Sliepley's hardware stores
in Philadelphia, were burned Thursday. Loss
$30,000; insured.
The subscriptions to the Chicago fund at the
Mansion House in London during the present
week swell the total to £49,000.
The Times editorily declares its belief that
Grant's re-election to the Presidency is certain
because lie brought about a roconcilation of the
United States with England and effected a re
duction of the national debt.
The committee of canvassers of the city of
New York vote have decided in favor of Alex
under r rear, Tammanyite, against Fred Kil
lian, Reform Democrat, for the Assembly.
Alderman Miller of New York, Tuesday, won
a foot race of 10 miles, from Broadway to Bay
side, L. I., beating John C. lleenan for a purse
.of $200.
Charles S. Perlev, Friday recovered in the
Supreme Court of New York $500 of the Hud
son River railroad for the loss of a trunk at the
New Hamburg disaster. The case lias been
long in litigation and i3 considered important
as a test proceeding.
'The Canadian Colonization Society of New
York, Thursday evening passed resolutions fa
voring the annexation of Canada oo the United
States, and took measures to act in concert
with similar bodies in other cities.
It is now ascertained that 17 lives were lost
by the loss of the steamer New London. The
bodies of 16 have been recovered.
C. D. Armstrong, postmaster at East Liver
pool, Ohio, has been held to bail in the sum of
$15,000 for withholding money order frauds.
Morgan Jones, the oldest Tammanyite in the
city, says of Tweed that if he does not retire the
old members will enforce his retirement.
Escaping gas in the boiler room of Harper
Brothers’ building, New York, exploded Fri
day morning, blowing off the glass roof of the
building and badly burning a fireman. Loss
slight.
Forty-five colored persons passed through St.
Louis, O., Thursday en route to Lawrence
county, Kansas. They are the advance guard
of about five thousand who will soon follow.
There were sold 108,200 acres of land in Kansas
and Colorado to actual settlers during the past
year.
Gen. Schofield has issued stringent order
concerning military operations against the
Apache Indians of Arizona, the effect of which
wul be to compel them to go on their reserva
tion and remaiu there wiiere they may be pro
tected and fed or take the alternate of being ex
terminated.
Senator O’Brien at a serenade denounced
Tammany, and said that the Committee of Sev
enty were office-minting fogies, and looked to
the Reform Democrats for the rescue of
the State from bad men.
A San Francisco despatch says the weather
continues extremely hot and dry.
In Cork Thursday, there w'as a Fenian demon
stration in w hich 8000 took a part. The pro
ceedings were orderly and the police who mus
tered iu force had no occasion to interfere.
The Independent Beige says that is has rea
son to believe that the French government has
notified England of its intention to terminate
the International commercial treaty.
FOREIGN.
GREAT BRITAIN.
THE CASE OF THE PRINCE OF WALES CONSID
ERED DANGEROUS.
London, Nov. 24, noon.—The condition of
the Prince of Wales was no better this morn
ing. Apprehensions of an unfavorable turn are
expressed without disguise especially as it is re
membered that Prince Albert, his father, died
of a similar complaint, after a sudden attack
and brief illness. The minors on change to
day are to the e-Teet that the case is worse than
the published bulletins represented.
LOSS OF A CHIP.
The ship Nonpareil, Captain Johnson, from
Bombay, July 12 for New York, foundered.—
All bnt three of the crew were drowned. The
Nonpareil was 1007 tons burthen, built at
Frankfort and belonged in New Castle, Eng
land.
THE QUEEN.
Queen Victoria has returned to Windsor Cas
tle from Balmoral.
MFA1N.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION.
Madrid, Nov. 24.—The Correspondence a says
that the answers to the *ecent private inquiries,
show that Great Britian is ready to receive fav
orably from Spain, proposals for the restoration
of Gibralter.
ROME.
WTLL NOT LEAVE ROME.
London, Nov. 24.—[Special to the N. Y.
World.] A distinguished cardinal authorizes
me to say positively that the Pope will not
leave Borne unless he is compelled to by physi
cal force or personal violence.
FRANCK.
THE CHINESE EMBASSY IN PARIS.
Paris, Nov. 24.—M. Thiers received the
Chinese embassy yesterday evening. The chief
embassabor expressed a hope that the treaty
relations between France and China would be
maintained to which Theirs replied4‘your govern
ment must give proof that our missionaries and
consuls are respected. This is absolutely nec
essary for the prevention of peace between
France and China.” The President’s tone
was emphatic and they withdrew deeply im
pressed. m
THE BONAPARTISTS.
A large number of the sympathizers with ex
Emporor Napoleon, to-day made a demonstra
tion in his honor. They traversed the Fau
bourg St. Germain with shouts of “vive Napo
leon.” There was no attempt of the police to
interfere with the demonstration.
AUSTRIA:
THE AUSTRIAN MINISTRY.
Vienna Nov. 24.—Prince Auersperghas suc
ceeding in forming a new Cisleitlian ministry
and the cabinent is now complete.
BELGIl'N.
SERIOUS DISTURBANCE.
Brusells, Nov. 24.—The Chamber lios fin
ally a ljourned until Tuesday next. Subse
quently a mob assembled before the residence
of M. Northomb, a member of the right who
made himself porticularly obnoxious in support
ing the appointment of Dicker and became
very disorderly; their actions culminated in
uirai smasmng me windows ot the house, on
violent were the manifestations of the mob that
an alarpi was sounded and the civic guard mus
tered in strong force. There arc fears of a seri
ous disturbance.
PRUSSIA.
ARMY BUDGET.
Berlin, Nov. 21.—The commission upon tiie
budget to-day reported to the {Reichstag a
scheme for tire maiutainance of the army.—
They estimate the annual expenditure for regu
lar troops, based upon a force of 401,669 men
exclusive of officers, at £!)0,353,00U.
Foreign Items.
The assertion made by Sir Charles Pilke, in
one of his recent addressess to the effect that
Queen Victoria has refused to pay the income
tax upon Her .Majesty’s private income and has
in consequence been exempted from the same
is denied upon official authority.
.Weather Report Nor. *11, 1*1 F. HI.
War Department, Signal Service, U. S. Army, Di
visions of Telegrams and Reports tor the benefit oi
Commerce.
t 2 6
Place pf
of 2 g
r c .2 *S
observation. B
1 sa o 5 Si
a 5
3 H 01
K
Boston.2s.75 48 NW Hyltair
Charleston,3.C..30.02 02 NW Clear
Cheyenne,W. T.28.88 35 SW Fair
Chicago.30.19 15 w Clear
Cleveland.30.08 31 SW Cloudy
Corinnc, Utah. .20.07 48 NE Cloudy
Indianapolis... .30.17 17 Calm Cloudy
Key West.30.09 77 SW Fair
r Mt.Wasblngt iu.29.83 21 s Cloudy
New I.ondon... .29.73 51 NE Misty
New Orleans.. .29.95 68 SE Cloudy
Now York.29.88 47 W Cler’m
Norfolk.29.99 50 NW Cloudy
Omalia.29.84 26 SE Fair
Pittsburg.30.13 37 NW Cloudy
Portland.29.81 42 NE Hv rail
San Diego, Cal..2*3.88 61 S Thr ’inf
1 Sail Francisco.. 29.70 55 s Clear
1 Savannah.30 (;6 58 NW Cloudy
Washington-19.99 39 Calm Clear
Wilmington —30.05 55 NW Cloudy
j Montreal .29.74 35 S Lt nui
Barometer corrected for temporalure and elevation
Mr. P. s. Gilmore telegraphs to his Boston
friends the choering intelligence of success
with all the continental governments, who hate
tendered him the use of representative hands.
All lands will he represented in the great Jubi
lee. Mr. Gilmore is now in London and sails
for this country so as to be expected in Boston
in two weeks, when it is suggested that Boston
ians should give him a fitting welcome.
In Halifax there are no additional eases of
cholera. The diseased districts are kept in
strict quarlntme. Tile old board of health has
been removed and a new one appointed.
BlSI.VIiSS NOTICE*.
Myrnplonis of T.iver Complaint, anil of
*oane of tfae Disease* produced by it.
A sallow or yellow color of skin, or yellowish
brown spots on face and other parts of body,
dullness and drowsiness with frequent head
ache; dizziness, bitter or had taste in mouth,
dryness of throat and internal heat; palpita
tion, in many cases a dry, teasing cough, with
sore throat, unsteady appetite, raising of food,
choking sensation in throat; distress, heaviness,
or bloated or full feeling aliout stomach and
sides, pain iii sides, back or breast, and about
shoulders; colie pain and soreness through bow
els, with heat; constipation, alternating with
frequent attacks of diarrhea; piles, flatulence,
nervousness, coldness of extremities; rush of
blood to head, with symptoms of apoplexy
numbness of limbs, especially at night; cold
chills alternating with hot flashes, kidney ami
urinary difficulties; female Weakness, dullness,
low spirits, unsociability and gloomy forebod
ings. Only few of above symptoms likely to be
present in any case at one time. All who use
Dr. Pierce's Alt. Ext. or Golden Medical Dis
covery for Liver Complaint audits Complica
tions, are loud iu Us praise. Sold by all first
class Druggists. S&Wlt
Parties iu search of seasonable goods for
A\ inter at reasonable prices would do well to
call on Coveil Valpoy, corner of Brown
Congress Streets, and examine their stock and
prices. See their advertisement.
Made of the best materials and warranted in
every respect, recommended by physicians for
nse in families, and at once the cheapest and
the best article of the kind, is the Halford
Leicestershire Table Sauce.
“A Merciful Man is merciful to his beast.”
Come and see the Oiled Horse Clothinj for wet
weather at the Bazaar, 14 Exihanye Street.
nov23-d2t
P. O. Bailey Co., will sell at 11 A. M.,
to-day in Market Square, Horses, Carriages,
Sleighs, Bobes, fic. See auction column.
If you wish an easy fitting Silk Hat on the
latest style and lowest nriees. ero to
Maher Co., opp. post-office.
Skates, SIcates. A Job Lot Skates selling
cheap at
nov24-2w Citas. Day, Jr. Co.
Skates, Guns, Revolvers, Powder, Shot,
Caps, Wads, Machinist Tools, and Boys’ Tool
Chests, wholesale and Retail, at J. B. Lucas’s,
69 Exchange street, two doors from Middle
street. nov20eodtf
Fellows’ Compound Sykup of Hypophos
phites. Clergymen who wero obliged to with
draw Irom the pulp t on account ot Clergy
men’s Sore Throat, have teoovored bv using
this invaluable preparation, and are now
preaching again. m
Horse Clothing for the street or stable can
be bought at manufacturers prices for a few
days at the Carnage Bazaar, 14 Exchange St.
nov22-3t
Messrs. Loring, Short Harmon have just
received an chgant liteol Lowell Brett’s
Initial and French Papers comprising many
new styles and patterns.
Senl your sleighs to Chase’s, No. 7 Casco
stteet, and have them put in order' for use.—
All kinds of repairing on sleighs and carriages
done at short notice. nuvl3eod2w
A nice assortment of winter styles of Hats
and Caps at low prices clu be found at
17llilw Maher Co’s.,opp. P. O.
The Eureka Ventilating Horse Cover Cos
goods may be found at the Bazaar, 14 16
Exchange St., and for sale at Factory prices.
deou4t
For a Nunilay Dinner
Go to H. Freeman Co’s. 101 Federal street
and get a can of fresh Oysters.
u.iuo. uuiiqi urfvi.uanj uses ni.,T
alcoholic preparations as an “appetizer*’ will
be as likely to suffer from four evils, viz.: an
overplus of food in the stomach, imparted abil
ity to digest it, the pacg* of dyspepsia, and a
doctor’s bill. Dr. Walker's Vegetable Vinegar
Bitters, the groat T etotal Restorative ol the
age, without ever stimulating the palate or ir
ritating the stomach, imparts a healthful appe
ite, promotes digestion, regulates the liver and
bowels, purifies the btood, and thus, instead ol
entailiog four evils confers four inestimable
benefits. novl4 d4w
Throw not Peohle’s Faults in their teeth
for there are few teeth that have not faults of
their own. There is bnt one way to preserve
them without spot or blemish, aud that is, by
the daily u?e of the best deotrifice in existence
fragrant Sozodoat, cool, refreshing and agreea
ble. _______
FINANCIAL AMD COMMERCIAL.
Foreign Export*.
YARMOUTH, N. S. Brig New Dominion—800 bbls
flour, 12 pumps, 3 pkgs woolen goods, 5 boxes tobacco,
40 pkgs hardware, 2 cases boots aiul shoes, 40 pkgs
paints, 1 case books, 4000 ft lumber.
ST. JOHN, NB. Sch Arcilla—900 bbls. flour.
Schr P Grant—1200 bbls flour, 1680 galls spirits.
UTILLA, HONDURAS. SchrLady Woodbury
20 bbls flour, 25 do jKitatoes, 15 do onions, 12 do beef,
4 do hams, 1 do oil, 7 cases sundries.
Schr James G Craig—20 bbls beef. 15 do pork, 15 do
onions, 20 do flour,15 do potatoes, 4 do vegetables, 2800
lbs fish, 30 kits 4 half bbls mackerel, 10 boxes cheese,
2 cases shoes, 1 do dry goods, lot sundry articles.
MATANZAS. Brig Jeremiah—6366 sugar box
sliooks, 425 bbls potatoes, 300 boxes herring, 60 kits
mackerel.
Foreign Import*.
j ST PIERRE. Brig Hattie E Wheeler—308 hlids
15 bbls sugar to Pliimicy Jackson.
Receipt* by Railroad* nnd Steamboat*.
Grand Trunk Railway—250 cans milk, 1568 bbls.
flour, 8 cars lumber, 1 do starch. 3 do potatoes, 1 do
shingles, 1 do com, 1 do clothes phis, 1 do apples, 3 do
bark, 1 do spirits,54 bdls hoops,80 do lea boards,2 cars
sundries; for Lower Provinces—1900 bbls flour, 3 cars
grue, 2 do sundries; for steamship—2 cars wheat 1 do
flour.
SteamerMontreal from boston—20 cases shoes,
2 casks and 5 Mils crockery, 16 bdls pipe. 25 cases and
20 bales domestics,51 coils rope,84 hides,300 boxes rais
ins, 50 bbls sugar, 58 bdls paj>er, 6 sewing machines,
43 bars iron, 40 bags flour, 50 t>oxes spice,50 bbls ]>ork,
28 firkins lard, 100 pkgs to order; for Canada and up
country—35 bbls dye stuffs, 16 bdls hollow ware, 31
bales burlaps, 45 do wool, 100 bides, 21 bales rags, 21
casks soda ash, 5G bdls sheet iron, 1 sewing machine,
75 pkgs to order. _
New York Stock nnd Money Market.
New York, Nov. 24—Morning.—Gold opened at
1101.
Money at 5 i>cr cent. Sterling Exchange, loug, 109|j
do short 110.
Stocks strong but not active.
The following were the quotations for Union Pacific
securities:
Central Pacific bonds. 103J
Union Pacific do. 91 j
Union Pacific stock. 27 J
Union Pacific land grants. 7s|
Union Pacific income bonds. 82i
The following are the forenoon quotations of South
Tennessee6's, new. 64$
Virginia 6’s, new. 70
Missouri 6’s. 97$
Louisiana 6’s, new. 63
Alabama 5’s. 65
Georgia 7’s. 85
North Carolina 6’s, new'. 20
South Carolina 6’s, new. 29$
New York, Nov. 24—Erening.—Money easy at
5 )>er cent. Sterling Exchange weak at 109$. Gold
touched 111$ and closed at 110$(u 111; loans wore
made 1 3 percent, to flat; the clearances were
$24,000,0c0. Governments quiet and firm.
State bonds strong. Stocks dull but strong.
The following are the closing quotations of Govern
ment securities:
United States coupon 6’s, 1881.117$
United States 5-20’s 1802.111
United States 5-20’s 1864.111}
United States 5-20’s 1865, old .Ill J
United States 5-20’s 1865, new*.114
United States 5-30’s 1867.1144
United States 5-20’s 1868.114}
United States 10-40’s., coupon.1094
Currency C’b.113A
following were the closing quotations of
Western Union Telegraph Co. 67i
PacineMail. 4Ci
Y* Central and Hudson River consolidated.... 92$
N. 1. Central and Hudson River consolidated sep 872
Erie. 30J
Erie preferred. 64
Harlem.121
llarlcm preferred. 1! 1 1!.121
Rcadiug.1135
Michigan Central.116$
Lako Shore Micliigau Southern, 87$
Illinois Central. 133
Cleveland Pittsburg.127
Chicago North Western. 61$
Chicago Northwestern preferred. 9oj$
Chicago Rock Island.103
MilWaukie St. Paul.56$
Milwaukio St. Paul preferred. 78*
Pittsburg <fc Fort Wayne. S6
Domestic Hftarkot*.
New York, Nov. 14.—The Cotton receipts from
nil parts from September 1st to date were 775,384
bales; against 916,701 bales last year; the exports
were 333,425 bales; against 441,085 bales last year;
stock, 316,038 bales; against 352,177 bales last year.
New York, Nov. 21—Evening.—Cotton in imsler
ate demand at $c advance; sales 3532 bales; Middling
uplands 19e. Flour dull ami 10c lower; sales 8350
bids; State 5 80 (ef 7 13; round hoop Ohio 6 55 7 15;
Western 5 80 'a 7 30; Southern 0 75 9 00. Wheat
heavy and lc lower for Sluing; sales 81,000bush; No I
Spring at l 55; No. 2 do 1 40 a 1 52; Winter red Wes
tern 1 CO 1 64; White Michigan l 63 a 1 73. Corn
lower; sales76.000 bush; Mixed Western 73 a 78k*.
Oats scarcely so firm; sales 132,000 bush at 53 53$<*.
aiul steady. Pork quiet and steady at
7-90 iv 13 00. Lard dull at 9 a 9|e. Rutter steady.
liiskey steady at 9k*. Rice in fair request at 8 ,»Ik*.
5-u*£ Arm; Muscovado 9 Vie; fair to g>od refilling
9$ 9Je. Coftee in fair request; Rio 16$(tv l$$e.—
Molasses lower; New Orleans 60 65c. Navai Stores—
Spirits Turpentine dull at 67c; Rosin is firm at 4 MJ
for strained. Petroleum quiet; crude 12*c; refined 22c,
Tallow heavy at 9
E*!p7glit8 to Liverpool firmer; Cotton steam 5 fa
7-16d; Grain 8 8*d.
Chicago, Nov. 24.—Flour unchanged. Wheat ac
tive find weak; No 1 Spring 1 24; N 2 1 at i ui
1 10; No 2 seller last half Dccenib r 1 20} a l 21* do
Juuuaiy 1 LC}. Corn 1 rm; No Mixed 41 (a i\!c
seller Decernocr 49} 4i^e; uo January 4Uef jA
weak; No2at6!c. Oats unchanged. Pork quiet
and weak at 12 35 u 12 4( seller Ihxx-mber 12 45- do
Jr.uuary 12 60 (j£ 12 65; do February 12 75; do Mircb
12 9; 13 00. Lud steady at 8} n; 8}o; Green ban s
C} 7jc; shoulders 3}c; sides 5 5}c. Bulk i e s
unchanged. Live H« gs aroopiug at 3 f 0 3 85.
R Keipts—5000 bbls flour, 27,000 bush wheat, 123
bush c in. 32,000 bush oats 11,(0) bush barle/, 2,000
bush rye, 17,000 bogs.
Shipments—k00 obis flour, 20,000 bush wheat, 174,
000 ush corn,5°,' 00 bush oa 8,7,000 bush barley,10.000
bush rye, 6oOu Logs.
Cincinnati, Nov. 24.—Pork 12 50 12 75. Lard
firm at b£ a 8}c. Bulk meats firm shoulders 4} 'a}
5c; clear rib 5} 6c; clear sides 0} 04, all loose.—
Baci.n steady; sides 7}c. Live Hogs in fair dewaud at
4 25 ■ttj 4 5o; dressed 5 15 5 25; receipts 75,000. Whis
key at 90c.
Toledo, Nov. 21.—Flour dull and unchanged.—
Wheat dull and advanced lc; Amber Michigan 1 4‘>
i' Xu 1“ 1 33; C'uni dull null unchanged
h«h Mlx.j-153c; new Sue. SO}: l„v,- Mixed, new 40? 1
5»e; Yellow, new 51c. Oatn dull; No 1 at 37c- No
at 35}c; 35je.
Mtuv.ujKEE, Nov. 24.—Flour (inlet and unchang
ed- Wheat lirm; No 2 at 1 22; No 2 at 1 184. Oats
steady; No 2 at 32c. Com steady; No 2 Mixed 43c
Rye firm; No 2 Spring Ctijc. *JC
Receipt—5800 bids Hour. 33,000 bush wheat
Shipments—COM) bbls Hour, 40,000 bush wheat.
St. Louis, Nov. 24.—Flour unchanged. Wheat firm;
No 3 red 1 4o a 1 42; No 2 red Winter 1 31. Corn Mrui;
Mixed on track lo /t 45}c. Buriey unchanged. ltve
s|r!es7t r-a <1Ut0t 2' 12 Bacon-shoulders 7jc;
sides 7} 7}c. Lard steady at v# 8}c.
OHAHLESTO.v, Nov. 24.—Cottou active; Middling
Uplands 18c.
lands'lSic AU’ N°V‘ 24-~Cott011 ('xclteil; Middling up
Ij^'ddLE.Nov.fl.—Cotton excited; Middling upiands
New Obleaxs, Nov. 24.—Cotton firmer; Middling
uplands 18 Jc.
European Markets.
Loxnox Nov. 24—11.30 A.M.—Consols at 03} for i
money and account..
American SeonriMoa—U. S. 5-20’s 1862. 915; do 1865,
»H, 92}; do 1867, 94}; «lo 10-49’s, 00}. I
Frankfort, Nov. 24—11.30 A. M.—United States
bonds 9<} iu 97f.
Pauis, Nov. 24.—Tho amount of»i>ccie hi the Bank
of France has increased 300,000 franco during the
week.
Paris, Nov. 24—Rentes closed at 56f 80e.
Liverpool, Nov. 24—10.30 A. M.—Cotton strong;
MkMling uplands 9} Pfd; Midfiling Orleans S|d;
sales 15.000 bales.
Sales of the week were 111,000 bales; fur exj»ort, 12,
000; for speculation. 20,000 bales; stock, 526.000 bales;
American, 74,000 bales; receipts for the week 75,000
bales; American, 24,000 bales. The receipts of Wheat
for the past three days were 40,000 puarters; Aineri
32,509.
Liverpool. Nov. 24—1.30 F. M.—Cotton cloned
strong; Middling uplands 93d; do Orleans 92d Co lod;
sales 18,000 bales. Tallow 47s Gd. Breadstuff's quiet.
Peas 41s 6d. Lard 45s 9d.
Boston Stock List.
[Sales at tho Broker’s Board, Nov. 24.]
Union Pacific Railroad Sixes. 86} 1
Boston and Maine Railroad. 140
Eastern Railroad. 107}
Michigan Central Railroad. 117 1
Vermont Ceutral 1st Mortgage 7s. 84}
Union Pacific Land Grants 7s. 77} 1
Union Pacific Railroad. 28}
Peppcrcll Manufacturing Co. C60
BBofieac §ee®ua*fiaies
BONDS
OF THE
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH ‘AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
TI1E E. N. A. KAILWAY Is completed from
Bangor, Maine, 10 st. John. New Brunswick. a
distance 01 2f2 miles, lilt tbo exception of 58
milt s between Winn. Ale., and the tmundurv line of
tbe Stale ai Vawvb'wo*. On thi< portion th* track
is n w teitii la d. b it fmm Winn eastward and
rom Vanceboro* tccsitcard and tbe work will be
completed ai.d trains running from Bangor to St. i
John in Sfp’cwh. r next.
Tb.s road will then be
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNRCTINB THE UJY1TH) TATES
AND THE BUlTIttll DUOVINCKIi (New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia). The population of tbe
maritime Provinces is about ONE J1BB.S.DON,
and aM tlie lan I t avei. freight, mails. &c., between
them end tb«* Uni e«l States,will pass over this Trunk
liue.whi* h is WITHOUT CtO.fl EETITIO*.
Although not yet completed, tbe business of tbe
r<iad is already f«r greater tb^n i»s most sanguine
friends predicted, and is cnntinua’ly increasing.
The net earning* from Lorid Uiishirnn alone,
on tli** 6H miles completed iu Maiue, already exceed
tbo interest on two and one quarter millions of dol
lars. and will be largely it creasing after Sept nexl
by the bnsiru’ss >o and from ti e Provinces.
To complete this road, and to equip it as tul*y as its
present Urge business and the imsed aie increase
consequent upon its completion,requires —tbe Com
pany has issued its Bonds i» the amount of Two
Millions ot Dollars, >ecured by a
FIRST ONLY MORTGAGE
ON IT8 KOAD AND PROr.
fcMTV F«'-13 WIAY lo VaNEEBIIUO’
ibesides a Second Mortgage on tbe entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn, 5G lui'fS. 'Ibis
portion cost some $2 300,0 0, and the ooi> Hen there
on is >i mortgage to the city o» Bangor I r St.000 Off)
£rnml. tn ad-tit ton thereto bv a I* I list' AND
ORL1 itlOftTGAGU ou
800,000 Acres of Land
Su’d lands being the simc granted by the Slate ot
Maine to aid tb.» construction ot tbi* road. Tli**v are
situated a’ong the Penobscot, ami Si. John rivers,
ant are heavily timbered aid valuable. Large
tracts, especially in the fertile Aroostook Valley. 11lie
tine* t ag* {cultural district in t tie State are valu ib e
tor f irming'ands hk well as for their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres lo each Mile
of Railroad wiili wlii. h tli2rare mortgaged. They
cover 1250 squaie miles (nearly as large as the State
o» Rhode Island, which is 1306 square miles ami
are ot great value.
Thus, boa ides the mortgage ol the Railway, its
equipments, Ac., which alone is ample security lor
the Bonds, there are limber and tuirn lands to the
amount of
400 Acres to each Bond
also p’cdged to ensure tlie payment thereof.
'I he Bond8 are lor $1000 each, due March l, 1899,
bear interest at
SIX PER LENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD €OBN,
Free from TJ. S. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bond* r*gis’eted if desired, Coupons made
pavahic each; in London, Eng*and, it preferred.
KINKING FUND-AH proceed* oi sales of land,
as wi ll h* ot timber and «:h*r products tfcercirom,
ate. by Ibe Tiustees, to be it vest'd in these Bonus if
they c-»u be bought at mr or less; otherwise in
United Stab's, Srare or Municipal S-cutiiles. And
on July 1. 1873. and annually thereat ter until these
Bond*'become due or ate all pai t. the E. N A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustee* sum
of money equal.»o one per rent, of the ann um ol
Bond* mifcs»and;r<g. Such amounts, and all in»c*e.«t
received on securities, belonging to the Kinking
Fund are to he invested a* above stated, and these
accumulations sre solely lor the puvpos* ot addition
ally providing lor tlie 'redemption of there Bonds.
The inking Fuad •-•nc,l rules a th id great, element
ol sccuriig aui strength, and adds to the safety of
these Bonds
'ihe Trustees are Hon. HANNIBaL BAMLlN,ot
Ban/cr, Me, and J. EIK3AR THOMSON, Esq.,
ot Philadelphia. l'a.
Th? Trustees are authorized lo receive the Bonds
at Fur ami Accrued Interest in taymeot for
any the minis at their appraised value.
’1 hese very desirable securities lor sa'C at
£0 and A'crued Inteiest in Cnriency.
U, S Bonds ami all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market prhe in cu baLge for these
Bond*-, and ran l»e sent by Exiuss ami these le
tuirid by Kxpre-s, t* re o‘ expense lo the purchaser.
Painphieis giving turthei partou-ar* concerning
the coMiecions uml business, with Map shwng
the location and lands of this road, sent free ou ap
j plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent cf l!ao Company Tor liir
Hair of Domla,
BANGOR, HAIM!,
OB TO
SWAM «8t BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
tUO Middle Street.. .Portland.
J£F“Oi» completion (in l£72)ot 60 mile* of Railroad
now building, betwec-i St John, N. B, and Halifax,
N. S, there Will he an unbroken liu? oi Railway
from Ra'ifax to all th-r ehufl eit:e» of the United
Sia'c*, *ipil a.'two or three days o» ocean ttavcl c»n
be avoided, and about 3G hour*’ time saved, from
New Y ork, in guing to or coming liom Europe, by
rail to or Ircra Halifax, a large hu-ines- in pas
senger*. mails mi l Jndglit will Hereby be added to
the trivflH* over Hie E. N. A. Railway.
tiuiv Id'jm uu I
BOOK AGENTS WANTED.
“The Household Cyclopedia."
Tlie bjok for the limes. Sells at sight and is recom
mended by all who see It. Edited by HENBY
11A UTS HORN K, M. I>.. Professor of Hygiene in the
University of Pa., &c., assisted by over 40 distin
guished writers. Contains over Ten Tlionwind Re
ceipts iu all the useful and domestic arts, constitut
ing a complete and practical library of useful and re
liable information for all classes of society. The best;
book for Agents ever published. Selliug by the hun
dreds. Most liberal inducements to Agents, old and
new. Circulars giving full particulars sent free upon
application to ,T. BKA1NAR1) CLARKE, Publisher,
Pittsfield, Mass. 13tw39
IIALFOKGft
LEICESTERSHIRE
TAHUIE SAUCB3
The Best Sauce and Relish
Made In anjj part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BK HAD OF ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Hale iu Portland by
SISK SEVAN8.
SSSSSSGSSG.St
DO YOU DESIRE YOUR HAIR TO EE SOFT,
LUXURIANT AND GLOSSY?
TUOnPHON'N POMADK OPTIME,
HKO.I daily, will make It to. It is entirely a Vegetable
Compouuil, exquisitely perfhmed.und iuMCiulb adapt
IS l for nourishing the Hair. Solilby
Dealers iu Fancy Goods. 1 rice -3 and 50 cents per
bVtU°' F. 0. WELLS CO.,
AW Fulton Strcji, New York.
ENTERTAIN.VI ENTS.
Dramatic and JMAisieal
TABLEAUX!
^^-as&vtsx»sgs
cornel 01 CoLgrees and Mretis,
Saturday Evening, Nov. 35.
ta b*'Lma*
FLUENT- IIALL.
This Evening and every Nlyht this Week.
Grand Biological Seance
-and
Gift Entertainment.
SPECIAL NOTICE!
.11 ordor to induce as many as [tosslble to witness his
wonderful and amusing experiments,
PROF. STOINE
/HU present every evening each club or party who
ktteud, consisting of four or more persons, with a
'aluable gift. The person who may introduce and
»ay admission fur the largest party to Reserved Seats
ri.l receive the most costly present, consisting of a
»<>1J> WATCH, handsome CHAMBER SET OF
UK NIT UR J2 or other equally valuable articles. A
laudsomc and costly present will also In.* given to the
argent party to the Second Scats. The presents will
k> glved on condition, that one member of each party
a four or more persons shall hand in Ms or her name
legibly written) to the Ticket Agent, at the Box
)mce.
Hoor^ open at 7 o’clock; to commence at 7J.
Admission 23 cents; Reserved Seats 50 cents.
p E O P L E’SCOURSE.
I.OMIVG KIXTEHTAI’VMKNTi
Monday Evening next. Nov. 37th,
rhat talented Dramatic Itoador. in her selecllun»
mrs. i„
rho child^wondenHam.m VWtaj-h of ago,
Assisted hy
MISS FA.V.VIK II1M)U:i;.
Admission 25 contfl. no23td
ABBEMBLY
TIR. A. B. GEE would announce bis third as
sembly in connection with his class in darn ing,
itlondny Evening, Nov, !f)ib,
it his Academy, corner of Brown and Congress Sts.
Music by Chandler's Baud.
Mr. Gee’s Second Lesson for new beginners will
aeet Wednesday Evening, Nov 29th, at 8 1*. m.
Private lessons Monday, Tuesday, Wetinesday,
nd Thnrstiay, from 9 to 12 a. m. and *2 to 5 p. u.
Nov 24tf
m.l”aT
SIX TH ENTERTAINMENT!
Wednesday Evening, Nor. 29,
LECTURE BY
HON. CARL SCHURZ,
OF MISSOURI.
Evening Tickets 50 cents.
IkJors open at Lecture at 7J o’clock.
Nov 25-dtd
Sic HALL, POllTLAN D.
FOUR NIOIITS, COMMENCING,
Wednesday Evc'«,Nov. 90
Managers.Messrs. Myers Huntley.
teturn of the )>opular Actress and Eastern Favorite
FANNY I-IFiBBIXG,
And the Metropolitan Theatre Company.
IVED.XEMDAY EVE’G, NOVE.HDEB 19
L’he l>eauliful play, entitled: Green Brnthcs, or
the Huntress of the Mississippi.
HIAMI.FANNY HERRING.
L'he performance to conclude with a Favorite Farce.
F. A. Muller in select Violin Solo.
Thanksgiving afternoon at 2} o’clock, a Grand i
family Matinee. Saturday afternoon Matinee.
Prices of admission. Gallery 35 eents; Parquctte 50
ents; Orch.stra Chairs 7.*> cents.
Box office open every day at 10 a. m.
no25tdII. W. MAYNARD, Ag’t.
J F. M. B.
MILITARY AND CIVIC
BALL,
A.t ]STew City Hall,1
THANKSGIVING NIGHT,
I'hmsila} Evening, Nov. 30, 1871.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
Capt. Geo. W. Parker, Lieut. E. W. Loveitt,
Lieut. W. C. Young, Surgeant J. Iisley,
Saigeant J. W. Swett, Co*p. M. J. Parker.
Private J. Clarcy, Private T. Blair.
No pains will be spa? ed to make this the grandest
lftair of the kind ever in this State. Every Company
in this State is cxj»ccted to be represented.
Manic by ('hniidlcr’u Fall Band.
Floor Tickets, §1.25. Gallery, 50c. To be had ol
the Committee.
The Military arc requested to appear in ftill Uni
form.
Clothing Checked Free.
Refreshments will be furnished in the Senate Cham
ber by Webster. no23dtd
GRAND
Thanksgiving Ball
—at—
LAN C ASTER HALL,
Thursday Evciiing, Nov. 30 Hi.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
TaMKS A. MAHrR TllOS. CniSHAM,
L’HARLKS THOMKfi, Kuw. L. PRIMDALL,
Bko. N. Biu<j<;s, Wh. T. Holi.ivax,
BEXJ. T. LiiUlV, J. B. Ckisuam.
Raymond’** Full Quadrille Band.
Tickets admitting Gent and Ladies $1, to be ob
tained at, Malier Co.’s opposite the Post Office, or
at the door. no21TT&Stw&TWTnw
W. P. HASTINGS,
ORGANS
—AND—
MELODEONS
MANUFACTORY SALES
ROOM,
144 1-2
EXCHANGE ST.
lleceivod the HIGHEST
PREMIUMS in the New
England and State Fairs in j
ltG’J.
All InNlramentN War
ranted.
Price lists sent by mail.
ATill sell to ftc paid for in Install
incuts.
I also have the Agency f »r this State for the
CELEBRATED
McPhail’s Pianos,
The leading instrument manufactured in the United
States.
Remember 114 1-2 Kxchnnj'c St.
w47 2m
BRANCH OFFICE
-OF TI1E
PHtENSX MUTUAL
Life Insurance Co.
Cor. Myrtle anti Congress Sts.,
PORTLAND, ACE.,
The OLD PHCENIX w as organized In 18M, its as
sets are over $7,5000)00 an*l are rapidly increasing.—
It has $150 of assets to each $100 of liabilities. It is
sues* all kln«i of Polidis, Life ami Endowment. Its
rates of insurance are ns low as any Company can of
fer with safety.
No extra charge for insuring the lives of females or
railroad employees. No increase of rates for residence
or occupation.
The company being purely mutual, all profits are
divided among the policy holders by an annual divi
dend on the contribution plan.
All policies are non-forfeltable, therefore no lose to
the insure*!, provided parties are obliged to (liscou
tinue their insurance.
AGENTS WANTED.
Good reliable and active men wanted as agents—
Guarantees will bo given to the rijht kind of mm.
Applv by letter or ji isonally to
REYNOLDS A TIFFT.
aug29tf State Agon's, Portland, Me.

DO YOU FEEL WEAK AND LANGUID IN
CONSEQUENCE OF OYER EXERTION?
Have yon taken cold? Are you afflicted with Rheu
matism, or pains of any kind? try one of
Well*’ Alucliiiie-sproad fttrengthruing
Plasters.
TU-y will certainly cure.
T’.i *v are arc composed of choice cnu.llknt gums
sprcili on tlx* finest Kid, of three different sizes, and
are worn with ease and comfort. Sold by Druggists
Prico 15, 20 and 50 cents each.
F. U. WELLS CO.,
102 Fulton Street, N. Y.
i
UK EEC II AND HirYlLK LOADING
DOTTIILK GUNS!
Just received per steamer, to be sold Very Low
G. L. BADLEV, 48 Exchange Ht.
gig,, of the “Golden Rifle.” no24eodtf bn
Notice.
CrilBF.Ri.ANn, Oct. 30tli. 1871.
HAVING obtained license from the Hon. Judge ol
Probate, the subscriber otters for sale at hU
residence, near Grand Trunk Stall m, utitil Novem
ber 25th, if not previously sold, the real estate that
belonged to David Moxcey. dis eased, consisting o
story and a half house and ell, three finished rooms
built of good stock ami in n workmanlike maimer
Barn about 25x30 and six and one-half acre s of lam
situated about three-fourths mile from G. T. Stalloi
and on the Greely road, so called lu Cumberland.
David WYMAN, Administrator.
w44 3w
A u
Cairriagcs, siciglis Horses, Ac
By Auction.
ON Saturday, Nov. 25tb, at 11 A. M., in Market
SiJUiUe Wv» nliuii bdi
good bu iness Hone*, weight about 900 wth.
1 light oj^m Buggy.
1 buck-boot Buggy.
double Sleigh.
1 Pung S!el*“ (J< M‘ K,mbRl1 Co->
S ^‘cond-H am 1II arnewe*.
Robes, Blankets, Whips, A,1.
NjV.* S' CO., Auiiion«ers.
Manufacturers’ Sale
——OF——
CROCKERY WARE
TO THE TRADE,
BY AUCTION.
F. O. HAIM: V C’O., Aurliomors.
Ou i1Io»d;iy, ^ovvinbpi’ *27tli.
At 2J P. M., at our Salesroom,
*To. TB Exchange Htreet,
y.^f® offer to the trade a largo line of Iro*.
,vonScV’ y R<« kinghnin and Yellow Ware. In vario
nt.’ Vv?i» iVK“eo birnlshwl iih>ii application. War*
on Exhibition Saturday, Nov. 2f>tU. novJltd
At 2 o’clock, about Fifty Barrel* Western Apple*.
Furniture, &c~by Auction.
0NJtu^m,.NoT: SKtf
lhall soil Chamber Sts, Black Walnut, ami Pnintud
Chamber Furniture. M;vh« gunv Furniture, (’haim,
Extension Tablet*, Mirrors, Bedding, Crockery. GIum
Ware. &r.
I'. O. IIAIliEY Ac CO., Anctiourorn.
Nov. 23-dtd
Household Furniture
CARPETS, Ac.,
AT A U C TION.
BN TUESDAY, NOVEMBER *J9th,
\T 10 o’clock A. M., at house 27 Green Street, we
*hall sell the Furniture in said house, consisting
In part of two Pari >r Suits. Cariiets. Marble Top
Centre Table, Chamber Furniture, (’hair*. Tables,
French Plate Mirr or. Mattresses, B iding, Crockery
and Glass Ware, Cook and Parlor Stove*.
Also one Piano, Safe, Desk, «5fcc.
F. O. BAII.JElf Ac CO., Aurtiourrra.
Nov 23- ltd
F, K, HUNT,
Oammie^ioa Marohant and Anotionee*
NO. 310 Coheres? at., will sell every eventn
large assortment«»! Siaple an I F»... y G..*|*.
Goods wni lie *oro tfUri tue day ill lot* to soil,
lercbeierv at wholesale tfric**'1. Cash dihasn-oi on ui
las-jriptiou* oi good*. C.>n».g linear.-u.ji l:m>tad.
Feb airy 11. 133*. dtt
M rSCELL ANBOII8.
th rift's Sale.
ClTJfBBaiAVD, SS:
1>A A KN ou exccni on at d will lo t»o’d at ru' ^c
au. fi* d. 0* Kami ny. >he second day o: Do
ember. A D.. 187', a» th oVuctc »n »h* a i to noon
it r.ue fli e I'd W. korsuilb,in Brunswick, 1*» said
’-minty. all ilic light iu Kquttv. which Churl** L.
rhomusnn, ot Brunswick, «n (be Couniy of omube;
»»id, bad on the'venty-fight day ot .fair, a. I),
P71. af tv.) o’clock a »d Huy minute* in the atier
n.ott, when the same w *s atticliei on the original
vrit, to nil'Cin the toll>wiu.t do-cti »ed Ileal F*
ate. sltnai*d in B uuswck. m Conntv. t> wit:
i certain >ot oflb'io la Brun whk, aforesaid, with
lie building* th'Teon, known as ttie Homesick l
fatm ot the lat-Janie* Dun rib* sr. t>c»rc the saiua
reurses conveyed t j Charlo* L.lhouips-m by James
it Dunning, bv h!f Doe*! ol warranty, dated March
5t;, 18* 2. amt recotded in the uniberiari.t H. g Mry ot
eds, V*»l. 3t“, 32‘J. A so by Karon. 1 Dur.
aro,*, i>y hi* Deel ot Quitcla m, exc.-pling ttiat part
iv«f Blake bv Thump-an, and a pa*t ca’led t’*e Judy
2h o«p lot. sold to John L. Swi t, ibe rest ol the larm
being about one bundre l .'tor s
Alto ot o oilier lo' of land with tbeboiMlo^s ih^rc
)d, situated in void Brunswick, on the south s?i»»e of
Noble M e t, and occupied b> 'he M bir'os u.
Pnompson. being the 'amj conveyed i*y Well Moll
VV. I> uglass, by his D**e■» ol warrant ,dated >ov».m
Ivr 8, 18‘>4, and r»*c **de«l iu ha Cuuilc land K’E:s
ty ot l>eed<. Vol. 321», Fare Ititl. The c'n»ve i re.i imi
liemg sot J*j-t t<» a mortiag? iei oid.'d In the Cnu»«
b .*rf ind Reentry ot Deeds. Book 31 Pag** 57* s»v*-n
by the said Charles L Tb rap n in the Brunswick
Savings Iu iunion.to secure ihj payment o< a pr iin
Issory note'or th ecith lUkai d dollars, dated M$r h
2.% 1^71 payaYe in one year wirti in trie t, at e»jrh
perc-nt t ayah e semi annually. oo wb'c* here is
now *lnj ti e su n oi Three thousand IX* Urs, with
interest as at said.
Brunswick, Oct. 28. a D., 1*71.
Oc39d3wM J. W. KDKSAI t *T, Depuly Sheriff.
Guardian’s Sale.
PUR III ANT to a license of flu sProba*e Court ior
the C Mintv ot (’umbel I in.J m ui* granted on the
Ur«t Tue d»y of November. l8Tl, to make w i»c ot tho
real esato o' Caleb Hitch, Ma th* K. Hatch a d
Donnell I>. Hit*h, inv wards, no*aiming of thiee
fl tcentns in comm n and undivi led ot h certain or.
>1 'avl, which is tbe emer'y half ot iho h m. .stea l
sf the late Ca’eb i. Hatch, dec i od. on B akeM St,
in said Portlmd,being the I d adjoining tbe land and
bakery ol Oenrgn W. II. Brooks, on tho westerly
die tberoo', on said h‘reel, I wUt sc’.l th*» a* U teal
pstale ol my said wards at public auc i n on the
Thirteenth day of e mber, 1871, at tbe otP.co ot
Deane A Verii!*, 4h 1-2 kx-hsng s'rcet,at lo o’clock
A. M., lor the purposes in th*" Hccr.se *e» mrth.
S.AUaII k. hatch.
Guardian ot Caleb tlatch als.
Port'and, Nov. ll, 1871. nov!3-1aw:wM
Commissioners’ Notice.
THR Subscribers hiv ng been appointed by
the Judge ot P.obatr for the County of Curn
brland. Comiuisgioners <o examine aid ran*
upon the cla ms ot creditor* to the estate nt lliud
deas S iili' g. lute ot Oajr B izibrth, in >Hi«l C »an
ty, deceased, reprcscn cJ n lveoi; and s:r
monthfl 'roni (he s* v u h day’ of Kuretnier, A. D.t
lo7l. eln* a'lowcd lor that pu pose, hereby give no
tice that they wi'l attccd to tho unties a.'H*gned
them, at ibe fii e cf ilww-ird *Sr (’leave* in
iNtrtl.ind nn the twiiifii th dav nl D#»«*« mbpr A
1871. on tbe t wenty-f jnrfb day ot January. A. P.,
1872. an on the seventh day ol May, A. 1872,
from one to tour o'clock m the atteiLocn on ouch ot
ta d U i\3.
H5NRF B. CLEAVES,
KOUEtti’ ROB NS >N,
Commissioners.
Dated at Portland tbe eighth clay oi November,
A. D, 1871. rilanSwr*
Coimniasioncrs’ Notice
MV HE undet&ijnetl h*ve been appontel Cora nr
I sioncrj to ic**tv* and de«i-ie m on ..inis
■gri i?r tbe est iteol Dennis .VleFad.itn, *»iid estate
being ms i,v nt. Person-* may present th ir claim*
sic mist said est »te :i» the file ot Frc ferick Fot. No.
48 Kxeh.-inffv street in H ea'lernn ol the in«: Sm
nrd iv* o* diet m '-er. 1871, and ot Jantnty.Kebru&Ty,
March an I April ISV"V. between ttic bm s o* 3 and 4
«M lek, wldcb lira** and phue have teen appointed
by us i r tbo purpose.
PKKDXK CK Ff .X,
nollilaw3w\t tVILUA.M (1. TWdlBLV.
“the Livnn age
te no in uiiy
country.”—PA ila. JVi»*
“It stands r Uae
Iicail «2 niurti'enth
ct-it! tary 9 its-rature.”—
(.'hiciuju Ecei.iTuj Journal.
“Tlio best periodical
in America. lire.
Then L. CvijUr.
Littell’s Living Age,
Insur'd every Sat a r day, given fifty-two nnmbots
of sixty-four pages each, or more than
Three Thousand Double-Column Octavo Pages
of reading-matter yearly; anti is the only compi
lation that presents, with a satisfactory com
pletcuess as well as freshness, the best fce iv Re
view*. Criticisms, Serial and Short Stories. Pot.ry.
Scientific, Biographical. Historical and Political In
formation, from the entire body of Foreign Periodi
cal Literature, an-1 from the pens of the
ABhi:ST IjIVINIi 1VIIITER*.
It is therefore indispensable to every one who
wishes to keep pace with the events or intellectual
progress of the time, or to cultivate in himself or iu
hi* minily general intelligence and literary tu»te.
Extract* from Notices.
“Were I. in view of all the competitors that are
now in the field, to choose, I should certainly choose
•The Living Age."*—Rev. Henrg lYard BcecUr.
“In no other single publication can there be found
h much of sterling literary excellence.”—New York
Evening Post.
“The best of all our eclectic publications.”—Th*
A'ation, X. Y.
“The ablest essays, the most entertaining stories,
the finest poetry of the English language, are boro
gathered together.”—Illinois Sta*e Journal.
“For thinking people, the best of all theeclecCc
publications, and tbe cheapest. It I» a
monthly that comes every week. —J he Advance,
Chicago.
It gives to it* reader* more than three thousand
double-column octavo pages a year, of the most valu
able. instructive, and entertaining reading of the dav.
‘History, biography, fiettan. poetry, wit, science, pol
ities, criticism, art,—wliat is not litre?' It is tbe or'**'
compilation that presen'* with a satisfactory con
pletencss, a* well as freshness, the best liter:*.ure oi
the almost innumerable, and generally inaccessible,
European c|Uarterlles, monthlies, and weeklies,— a
literature embracing the productions of tlie u ik l
and most cultured writers living. It Is, therefore,
indispensable to every one who desires a thorough
compendium of all that is admirable and noteworthy
in the literary world.”—Boston Post.
I Published weekly at $8.00 a year, free of postage.
I Address LiTTfiLIi (4AV, BmI«h.
The Best Home and Foreign Literature at Club
Prices.
r“Possessed of ‘Litteli/b Liv ing Age* and of or
or other of our vivacious American monthlies, a sub
m-ritK-r will find ldniself in eomnian 1 of the whole s
nation.*’—Philadelphia Fe.Bulletin.
For Ten Dollars, Tut: Living Age, weekly, con
taining the cream of Foreign Periodical Literature,
and either one of the leading Magazines of Home Lit
erature named below, will be sent to oue addreki tar
one year: viz.,—
Harper's Monthly (or Weekly, or Rasar
The Atlantic Monthly. Lippinuutt'h Monthly,
The Galaxy, Old and New, Suuiunlk'h Montp
i.y, The Overland Monthly, or Appleton'*
Journal (weekly); or, fbr *«50, Tin: Living Aoia
aiul our Young Folks. Address as above,
j d3t novl£-dec2-16
Grand Opening
Entire Stock and Fixture*
To Do Closed. Out!
Having purchased the entire stock of lino
Millinery, Fancy and Hair Goods
j or Mrs. E. H. Hatch, 1 shall offer the same at ston,
No. I C’onco Min’d, ‘id door from Congress,
WEDXUMDAY AIOKNlftCi, NOV. W.
I would invite purchasers to call and examine th*
stock, containing some of the finest goods in the abora
Hues ever imported or manufactured, whk h I shall
sell at groat bargains, ns 1 purchased tflhn nt 33ft ct»«
on cost, and wish to close out as soon as jKissible.
The Fixtures will bo for sale jil**. consisting <1
flniAiw nf (Vntral Hhurl l

no32»l"t* __
1 Introduce Articles
Latta Co., Pitt*