YIlTOBli AND THEODORE.
)Ht l?Tf, Patiioaal Attraction and the Cclcv
tial AfflniUei at Stciswaf Hall
Woodhull ({votes the Bible In Favor
of Promiscuity and Claims the Right
to Change Her Hnshand Every
Bay la Presence of Three
Thousand People.
Ysurl Andrews, the Pantarch; Tilton, the Teeto
taler, and Tennie C. Clafiin, the Wall
Street Brokeresa, in an Uproar.
Last evening the most astonishing dodrtne ever
to by an audience of Americana was
to S.000 people at Bteinway Bail, bjr Mis.
t C. Woodhull. The following circular bad
i soaltered freely In all the benches of the hall?
i Is the largest of its kind In New York?before
m audience had taken their seat*:?
SMKKlinil! FKfiKUdJI! FREEDOM!
IN ITS LAST ANALYSIS:
TAB SOCIAL RELATIONS.
If tt la good In thj Religions and Political sphere
who shall dare deny that it is good In
THE SOCIAL SPHERE 1
For the express purpose of silencing the voloes
and stopping the pens of those who, either tgnor*
antly or wilfully, persistently misrepresent,
deader, abase and vilify her on aecount of her
spoken advocacy or, and supreme latin m, cod's
last and beat law,
VICTORIA C. WOOD HULL
WILL SPXAK AT
STEINWAY hall.
Monday, November ao,
at moBT r. u., on
?THE PRINCIPLES OF SOOIaL FREEDOM,"
INVOLVING THIS gUBSTION OF
LOVE, KAURI AUK, DIVORCE AMD PROSTITU
TION.
She wishes it to be distincuv understood that free
dom doea not mean anarchy in the social relations
aai more than It does in religion and politics; also
that the advocacy of its principles requires neither
abandoned action nor immodest speech.
-HORACE (.REELEY, Governor HaWLEY, of Con
necticut, and the Boston Exclusivcs
are specially invited to Beau on vno platform.
All her lesser detainers should secure (rout seats.
ADMISSION FIFTY CENTS.
Saaerved Seats can be secured at the Box Office
Horn to-aay without ruri her cost.
At seven o'clock the Herald reporter arrived at
me entrance to Stelnway Hall. The nlgbt was wet
and disagreeable, and very few people were met
with In tne streets. Bat at Stelnway Hall it was al
.kogelher different. Immense placards covering the
bulletin boards and announcing the lecture of Mrs.
'Woodhull, printed on yellow sheets of paper, greet
ed tne eye on every side. The entrance and
vestibule of Stelnway Hall were already
mrowded with people of both sexes, among
weom were several children of a tender
age. The stairs leading np to the entrance were
thickly swarming with people, the strongest and
moat masculine being nearest the door, as is always
the -case. As it was half an hoar before the
doors were open there was considerable sky-larking
and rough by-play among those who were com
pelled to wait, and as most of the ngly old women
m attendance objected to tnis sort of jocularity, the
tan became quite uproarious for a few minutes until
the door opened. One hard-looking case said,
MI wonder IT the band is going to play to-night. I
guess victoria '01 have plenty or chin music any
how."
A bootblack who had paid his fifty cents like a
grown man to enable him to understand the con
flotation of the universe and the affinities of the
gexflg stamped his feet for several minutes, and was
Ced by his elders, until, fiuding that he was ap
dated very well, he shouted,
"Eddy Eddy I Eddv 1 Hey, Eddy! Eddy I" as if
he were m the Bowery Theatre. Finally the door
arms otwned, and the crowd burst In like an ava
tauch and up stairs, but not before the doorkeeper
Mad procured a box in which to place the tlCKeta.
Jl boy slood at the nmbrelia aland and cried as out
?a each person passed,
"Check yer umbrella, Mister? Check yer umbrel
la, Mister t? But the crowd did not heed him much.
gmost of the umbrellas Drought In were uot worth
ng checked. At this moment a tall, long-haired
nkee, with green spectacles, and having a de
tanediy free-love look, came rushing by and said,
m the umbrella boy hallooed at him:?
"Bay, kint 1 get in If I don't leave my umbrella?
I paid my fifty cents?1 did."
Our reporter found his way Into the hall, which was
Mat dimly lighted at the moment. Several young
ladies of very bold behavior passed blm at the gate
door, evidently professional and unfortunate in
character. Then came a stream or very respectable
King people?men aud women?some lew ot the
:r having cultured laces. The red-headed girl
bounced in. saving, as she threw off her snawi.
"i hope, by (roth I I havn't come here for noil it eg
la aU this rain,'* and then she bounced down into a
aaat and held her place. While waiting for the hall
ia All, which oscuried very rapidly, our reporter
paid a visit behind tho scenes to call upon lira,
victoria WoodhulL Going through a side door he
?rand that lady in a little room off In a narrow
tge, standing talking to her sister, Teiinle C.
In, with a roll of manuscript 1u her hands.
The Wood hall had an Inspired look, and it
was very evident that the spirit of De
mosthenes, a laminar of hers, was upon
the lady. And now for a little brlet description of
ft woman who mnat hereatter thro# Anna Dickin
son and Ohve Logan in tne abode by the boldness of
?or utterances. Victoria Woodhull Is o( German
extraction, about twenty-seven years of age, of me
dium height, small waist, little rest. white and regu
lar hands and a pair ot dark eyes burning with sup
pressed Ore, and oi a color thai cannot be desoribud
when seen at night only. She was dressed very
?eatly In black, having a watch chain pendant from
mar fair neck, at her throat she wore a fresh tea
S9, which enhanced the lairnew of ner skin and
nbatted with the blushes In her cbeelu for pre
enc.
"I am glad to see theHerald reporter," she soldi
?that paper has never iniarepresenied me ana I
know It will not now."
"So; I am not a'raid that we will be misrepre
sented by the Hbbai.ii at any time, least of all this
ttme," said Miss Tennlo Clatttn, who was also
dressed lu black, and who managed dexterously by
?n occasional movement, sudden as her speech, to
?ftp# 4 pair oi very small feet encased in gaiters.
Just at this moment, and as Mrs. Woodbull had
ninted a companion lea rose of the one fastened
er tnroat to ttie Herald reporter, Theodore
ST) ton, the blonde poet, entered with a friend of his,
ft Mr. Moulton, being both desirous of encouraging
Mrs. WoodhulL who Wii a little tatfvdus Ltd who
at thfaj mouieni h?d tvu$d kke a look, kt the
manuscript wliloh she was about to read to the
audience. A Urge number of Free Love
-Sadies and gentlemen, inOst Of the latter
Ming very homely In feature, accompaned by Mr.
Stephen Pearl Andrews, the Great American Pau
tarchist, now entered the room to bid Victoria
A*Ood speed" before she went on the stage.
Billy, all having been said, Mra. Woodhull fol
ed by Tenuis clafliu and the body of reporters,
and preceded by the God-like Tilton, marched
on to the stage. as Tltton got on the
Stage his friend Moulton cried to him?
??Are you going to Introduce Mrs. Woodhull to the
audience, Tilton r"
"Yes, by heaven," said the flowery Tilton, "since
Mo oue else has the pluck to do it."
As Mrs. Woodhull walked on the stage timorously
?verywhere a great shout of applause went up fur
fter from the audience which had literally packed
?very seat on the ground floor, in the two galleries,
and which oocupted every loot of standing room in
the aisles. A hundred ravenous male bipeds leaned
over the platform, standing up in front or the
audience, and not less tnaa three thonsaud
nersons were present, nearly naif of whom
Belonged to the gcniler sex of tho Free Love per
audition. The immediate friends, both male and
female, of Mrs. Woodhull crowded the boxes on
?Mer side of the stage, end Miss Tennis c. Claflln
ooartsously ottered the Herald reporter a seat in
ft bo# with her, which he was compelled to doclino,
as be had to take notes on the stage, in one ot the
Boxes sat Mrs. Drooker. a sister of Mrs. Woodhull,
a lady ot very fine personal appearance, who is di
rectly antagonistic in principle to her sister in her
ftftse Love theories.
TBI LECTTRH.
As Mrs. Woodhull came forward to the front of
stag* to read her lecture, which she did in a
ana pleasing voice, the audience cheered her
sntft much gallantry, particularly the young men
?Boot town, who were quite noisy and vocusrous.
?be spoke in substance as follows:?
Mv Brother# axi> Bistres?I appear before you
Sa-atcM to discuss the nin.i dshcale sad difficult subject In
which human interests ere involved, oas Is which every
Is wtersstod, ss well se dlrsctly end tailmately cos
bul which, oa account ot its dellcecy aod difficulty,
every body UsURcilveiy avoids: I refer to the prtnol
of eotial freedom, leva, smut age sod divoroo, or the re
rtweos the iuo.
bef'-re lb# public at ibis lime, upon th'.e particular
sakjeet, notwithstanding that malicious sad detailing per
aaas have sought to maflga sad uadarvaluc my private lite
mat motives la a meaner that eball complicate the
ssaUmmtt or theec ell-lmportaut Issues. Vou arc
la war* that my private life has bees pictured to the public
the press of the coustry with the intern to make peoule
lava me to b* s very bad women. I have troubled myaeir
ftui tills about It, si use there mar appear to lie very good
mwaade fur What has been done, f was rudely and brutally
ftiam before the public by those who should hare been my
Meads: and wi?, has I been as bad as ibej drs'.rv it thnugtit
ape, should hare shielded me from barm, as they would
(hair lives. (Chaws.) Therefore, whatever tbs press may
have said ef ma, whether lcuorantiy or malklniniy, I have
Bathing or whleb to cnmilaJS. J have osvsr ao much as at
IsmptcS to rvfnts svra the grossest llbela tbey i.ave Invented.
ftffiow if 1 ftp sot the ?Hf psiBMftjftgf wvjtM ftaks fftst
I Injur* aes; sad tf Imb, thai 1 Bsssrrs all thsl
(AppliOM.)
to be tiali proposition to make, that there
to no each thing yet exfctqct tn the world ae seir-ioyTnment,
??lUeai imiwo.
tn it* political aspects. Bnteuoh n the fact. If eelf-govern
eteni be the rule, twerp eeif mutt be tf 11abject.
1? a rneon oovbbn nor obi.t himbblv
bat where, that to despotic government, and It matter* not If
that control ne over one or over a theueand individuals, or
over a nation; tn each case It would be the earn* principle or
power exerted ontatde of self and over others, and
this Is despotism. whether to eierctoed
bp one person over hie subjects, or by twenty per
?one over a nation, or by one-hair the people
of a nation over the other half thereof. There la no aacapiag
the fact that the principle by whJch the male citliena of
these United State* axiume to rule the female cltltene to not
that of eel f-government but that of despotism; and y the
fact to that poeta have sung songs of freedom and aatheme
of liberty
bstb bboounpf.p vob aw xvptt shadow.
Over the sexual relatione marriage# have endeavored to
preserve ?way and to hold the people In subjection lo what
fat hern considered a standard of moral purity. Whetber
this ha* been suocesstul or not may be deiermtned from the
fact that there are score# of thousand* ol women who ate
denominated prostitute* and who are supported bp
ucMPitri)# or thousand# or **h
who should, for like reasons, also ba denominated prosti
tutes, alnoe what will chance a woman Into a prostitute mum
also necessarily change a man into the same.
THIB CONDITION, CALLED FBOSTITUTION,
seems to be tbe great ertl at which religion and -pnblle
morality hurl their special weapons of condemnation, as the
sum total of all diabolism; sine* for a woman to be a pros
titute to to deny her not only all Christian hot also all bo
manltarfan rights.
Aa tnla passage was uttered there were (treat ap
plause and cheering bp the foolish young men in
the audteuce, who seemed to be on tbe alert for
anything that might sound like an equivoque. Mrs.
Woodhuil continued:?
How I win put the question direct Are not these emi
nently proper subjects for Inquiry and discussion, aot la
that manner of maudlin sentimentality 1* which it has been
the habit, but In a dignified, open, honest and fearless way.
In which subjects of so great Importance should be Inquired
7 An exhaustive treatment of these sab
IdIo and discussed 7 _
iects would involve the Inquiry whnl should be the chief end
lo bo by
KMTKUHO INTO SEXUAL XXLATIOEO.
This I mum simply answer by saying, "Good children, who
wilt not need tobe receneratoo," ana pass to the consideration
of the relation a themselves. All the relatione between the
saxes that are recognised as togHlmatc are denominated
marriage. But of what does marriage consist 7 This
very pertinent question requires settlement before any real
progress can be made aa to what eoolal freedom an d prosti
tution mean. It tn admitted bv everybody tbat marrUge Is a
union of tbe oppoeites In sex; bnt la It a pr.'ueiple of nature
outalde of all law, or la It a law outside or all naluin r
Where la the point before reaching
WHICH IT IS NOT MABBIAOB,
bnt having reached which it Is marriage 7 Is It where two
i that the
meet and realise that the love elements of their nature are
barmontoos, and that they blend Into and make one purpose
orisHr1?
of life or la It where a soulless form is pronounced over
two who know no commingling of life's hopes 7
MABBiAGK MOST CONSIST EITHKB OF LOTS
or of law, since it may exist in form with either term ab
sent: that la to say. people may be married by law and all
lova be laoking, and they may also be married or love and
lack all sanction of law. iTue marriage mast In reality
consist entirely either of low or love, since there can be no
compromise between the law of nature and statute law by
which the former shall vlald to tbe latter.
Law cannot change what nature has already determined.
Neither will love obey If law oommand.
LAW CANNOT COMPEL TWO TO I.OVX.
It has nothing to do either with love or with its absence.
Love Is superior to all law, and so also is bale, mdillerence,
disgust and all other human sentiments which are evoked
in the relations of the sexes. It legitimately and logically
fn'lows If Inwa liana annlhina 1a iIa wrltk vnawmena
follows. If love have anvthlug to do with marriage,
THAT LAW OAS NOTHING TO I>0 WITH IT.
And, on the" contrary, if law have anything to do with mar
with It.
riage, that love has nothing to do with It. And there la no
escaping the deduction.
Considerable dissatisfaction was here manifested
by the audience, but alter some hissing and cheer
ing commingled, tne speaker continued:?
I do not care where It to that sexual commerce results from
the dominant power ot one aex over the other, compelling
him or her to submission against tun instincts of love, and
where hats or disgust to present, whether It be In the
GILDED PALACES OF FIFTH AVENUE
or In the lowest purlieus of Greene street, there Is prostitu
tion, and all tbe law that a thousand Stat* assemblies may
pass cannot make It otherwise.
I Know whereof I speak: I have seen the most damning
misery resulting from legalized prostitution. Misery such
as tbe most degraded or those against whom society has
shut ber doors never know. Thousands of poor, weak,
UNRESISTING WIVES ARE YBASLY BUEDERKD,
who stand tn spirit life loosing down upou the sickly, half
made-np children left behind, tmploiioy humanity tor tha
sake of honor and virtue to look Into thle metier, to look into
It to the very bottom, and to bring oct Into the fair davlicht
all tka kUabadwaA Aafaa^lila. tU.t k 'liL
Eil the blacfcednade sickening deformities that here so' llSlg
been bidden by tne screen of pnbllo opinion ana a sham
morality.
It does not rasitsr bow much It may still be attempted to
gloss these things over and to label them sound and pore;
each and every one of you, know that what 7 aay Is
i, and If vou] question your own souls you dare not reply
It to not eo. If these things to which I refer, but of which I
shudder to think, are sot abuses of tbe sexual relations, what
ore?
Ion may or may not think there Is help for them, bat I say
HFAVBN 11BLP US IF SUCH BABHABISM
cannot bo ourod.
1 would not be understood to say that there are no good
conditions In the present marriage state. By no
means do eay thle; on the contrary, a very
large proportion ol present social relations are
commendable?are aa good as tbe present statue of society
make; possible. But what I do assert, and tbat most posi
tively, Is. that all which to good ana commendable, now ex
isting, would continue to exist If all marriage laws were re
pealed to-morrow.
At his last remark abont the marriage relation
nearly half of the immense audience rose to their
feet and hissed Mrs. Woodhuil- most vehemently,
while the other halt cheered tumultously, The
noise was really deafening, and Theodore Ttlton
vainly endeavored to make himself heard. Now and
then he was heard to say?
"Ladies and gentle men," and then the audience
wonld nisa him down lor a few moments and the
storm would break out anew.
Mrs. Wooduull (excitedly)?Let the gentleman
?f lUSBt
or lady who is capable of hlsatng or interrupting
me (here sne stamped ber loot) come lorward on
tbia platform and dell no their principles fairly,
(More hisses and cheering.)
Mrs. Woodhitll began at some length to excuse
the stain of illegitimacy, wneu Mrs. Ilrooker, her
sister, who had been waiting for an opportunity
froui ner seat in the balcony over the stage, jumped
up and, facing the audience, who liked the run and
were cheering loudly, said, dlrectiug her remarks to
Mrs. Wooahuli,
"liow could you expeot to be recognized in so
ciety unless you knew who your lather or mother
was?"
Mrs. WooportL?I assert that there are as good
and lionle men and women on top or this earth suf
fering from the stain of Illegitimacy as any man
or woman before me. and Uod knows 1 do not
know how many Illegitimate men or women arc In
this hall to night."
Hero the confusion became so great that nothing
more could be hoard on the stage. Mis. lirooker. tue
sister of Mr-% Woodhull, would not sit down on her
lofty percn In the balcony, and kept facing the
audience, who cheered her loudly, while several
ladies wuo rui by her, fearing a riot, left their seats
and retreated into tne inner box.
Mr. Ti(.ton?Ladles and gentlemen, sometimes
there occurs in a public meeting an Incident like
this, in which Americans vindicate the right of free
speech. Yon shall all be beard If you only give us
time. I must Bar. however, that this lady has hired
the ball, and she la entitled to be heard first.
At this juncture a policeman came out of the rear
box to the open balcony where Mrs. Brooker sat,
and, placing ills hand upon her wrist, turning
his back to the audience, endeavored to
drag the lady out. Every man and
woman In tho audience at this high
handed proceeding seemed to consider tnemscivce
Bersonally Insulted, and stub a storm of Indignant
ist.es and groans mingled with counter cheering
broke forth that the unlucky policeman was com
pelled immediately to vacate the box and disappear
lrom view.
Mr. Tipton?I see that you have vindicated free
Bpeecb. Mow let Mrs. Woodhull be heard, and you
snail all he heard in your turn. 1 saw the police
man put his hand on the lady lu the balcony. Now
ths ladv in the balcony shall also be heard.
(Mingled cheers and hisses.)
Mrs. Woodhull, who had shrunk back timidly
daring the uproar with her manuscript, came for
ward and said boldly, "Yes I I am a iree lover t 1
Eellevc I have on inalienable right to change my
usband every day if 1 like. 1 trust I am under
stood, Tor I mean what I say and nothing else. I
claim thai ffeeuSTn me Ah 9 to b? free."
Here the wild young men jiu fie audience cheered
r, anoAirs. Br
most tumultuouBiy, and Mrs. Brooker sat down, her
forces broken but not yet utterly routed,
Mrs. Woodhuil then continued her lecture as fol
lqirs:-*
Ii seems to me that no grosser Insult coaM he offered to
woman than to inslnuatslhat she Is boneat and virtuous only
because the law compels ber to be ao; and little do men and
women realise the obloquy thus caat upon aocisty, ami still
leas do women realise what they a unit of their sex by
such assertions. I honor aad worship that purity wlilcn
exists In the soul of every noble man or woman, while 1 pity
the woman who it virtuous simply btdause _
law eompela ber. Mrs. Cells Burleigh, of Bos
ton, a beautiful and pure woman, haa aald,
"The love thai 1 cannot command la not mine; let
me not disturb myselt about It, nor attempt to filch
It lrom lu rlghuul owner. A neart that I supposed
mine baa drifted and cone. Shall I go In pursuit r Shall
I forcibly capture the- truest and transits k with the barb
or my aelBab affections, pin it to the wall or my chamber?
God forbid I Rather let ma leave my doori and windows
open, Intent only on living an nobly tBat the beat cannot fad
to be drawn to me by an irresistible attraction."
It mav be very proper and legitimate, and witbal perfectly
lor the philosophers of the Tribmu school to
consistent,
bundle all the murderers, robbers and rascals together and
band them over to our camp labelled aa Free Lovers. We
wUI only object that they ouebt to band the whole of
bumanltv over, good, bad sod Indifferent, and not
arson IU worst representatives. Among ibe cases cited as
evidences of tbe evil tendencies of free love are lb. se of
lltcbsrdsun and Crittenden. The celebrated Mcfar.and
lltchardaoa case wad heralded world-wide at a
eaaa of this sort. So far as Richards n and
Mrs. MeFarland were concerned I have every rea
to believe It was a genuine one, in so far as the
preventing obstacles framed by the "conservators" would
permit. But when tbey assert that the murder of Klchi
_ Richardson
by McFerlasd was the legitimate result of Fred Love, then
1 deny It <n fop*. MeFarland murdered Richardson because
C believed that the law had sold Abby Sage soul
d bouy to blm, and, consequently, that he owned her,
and that no oilier person hod anv right to her favor, and
that tbe bad no right to beatow her love tipo t any other per
son, unless that ownership was first satisfied. Tbe murder
of Richardson, then. Is not chargeable to bis love or ber love,
but to the fact of thd supposed ownership, which right of
possession tbe law ot tnajrlage oonfsrrsMon McFarlxnd.
If anything further Is needed to make thd refutation of
(hot charge clear 1 will give It by illustration. Suppose that
a pagan should be converted to Christianity through tbe
efforts of some christian minister, and thai
?<>me christian minister, aad thai tbe remain
lag pagans should kid that minister for what be bad
done, would the crime be chargeable upon tbe Christian
rellglnnT Will any of yon make that assertion f If not,
neither can you charge that the death of Rlsbardaoo should
he charged to Free Love. Hut a more reoeat case Is a still
Cearer proof of the correctness of my position. Mrs. Fair
Iliad Crittenden. Why f Because aha believed In the spirit
of the marriage law; that aha had a better right
to him than had Mrs. Crittenden, to whom ths law had
granted him; and rather than to give htm ui. to her, to
whom he evidently desired to go, and where, followlcg Ms
right to freedom, he did go. the killed him. Could n morn
perfect caae of the spirit of the marring* Inw bo lormulatod t
Must assuredly, bo I
No^a-Woiq the standpoint of marriage reverts this rase to
fbat of free love and see what would have be. n the result
kfd *4 Ihose parties been believers In ami practlcera
of that tbeory. When Mr. Crittenden evinced a de
lire to return to Mrs. Crtttsnden, Mrs. ratr, in prac
tiding the doc rtne ol Free Love, would have said, "1 bava
no right to you, other than you freely give; you hived me.
and exercised your ight of freedom in ao doing. Ton now
desire to return to Mrs. Crittenden, which la equally your
rfc*. Bad wktafe J aaiMt nagget, Uo, aad lajKao^aad aur
blessing shatl follow; sad tf It ean return yon to bspptness
then will you be bappyw
Would not that her* been the better, the Christian course,
end would not every eoul la tee br tad land, capable of a
noble Impulee. emd hsvlni knowledge of all the
relevant facte, he.ve honored Mrs. Fair for tt? Inetead of
I a murder, wlia Vie probability of another to complemeut It,
would not all PArties have been happy In bavins done right 1
Would not Kit. Crittenden hare even loved arm. Fair for
?uch an example of nobility, and eould ebe not safely have
received net even Into her own heart and home, and have
been a Matiw to her, Inetead of the meaaa of her conviction
of murder
I know too well the mtaertee of the married atate. While
in the nrofeasion of a clairvoyant tbonaande of poor, heart
broken husbands came to pour their aorrowt bit my ear.
(Ohaer* and laughter.) If our ilstcra who inhabit Greene
street and other filthy looaliUea choose to remain in de- I
haachery they are only exercising the came right as
oar brother* who visit them. (Applause.) The "honeat
town in the Rate of New fork
of
some two yean ago organlxed (or the purpoae of putting I
I down prostitution. They pushed the matter until they found
their own husbands, brothers and lovers In these houses of
prostitution; then they desisted, and nothing hat been heard
of the movement sinoe. Promiscuity In sexuality U simply
the anarchical Wage of development wherein the
passions rale supreme. What can be mors ter
rlbla than for a oelicate, sensitively organised woman
to be compelled to endure the pretence of a beast to the
shape of a man who knew nothing beyond the blind passion
with which he te filled, and to which la often added the de
lirium of intoxlcaUonf I protect against thta form of slavery, I
I protest against the custom which compels women
to^lve the control of their maternal functions over to any
It should be theirs to determine wfien. and under
what circumstances, the greatest of all constructive pro
cesses?the formation of an Immortal soul?snoold be began,
it It a fearful responsibility with which women are entrusted
by nature, and the verv last thing thai they should be com
pelled to do la te perform the oflloe of that responsibility
against thslr will, under Improper conditions or by disgusting
Mrs. Woodnuii then concluded tier lecture with an
eloquent peroration, strongly advocating the cause
of free love.
Mrs. Brookbb (rieing In the balcony)?I want to
know how K Is possible lor lira. Woodholl to reform
I the ladiea In Greene street tf she is In favor or prq
miscuous intercourse f (Applause and laughter.)
Here the andlence dispersed.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Senator Carl Scliurz'? Lecture
In Newark*
The Ofike-Seeking and Corrupting Scourge of
the Age?Our Whole System of Government
Patronage Rotten to the Cere?What the
Senator Desires te De About It
According to announcement United utates Sena
tor Carl Schura, of Missouri, lectured last night in
Newark on the subject of Civil service Reform. He
'arrived in that city daring the day and became the
guest at the "Malson Grise" of Mr. James L. Hayes,
a local politician of some note. Here, during the
early part of the evening, he was visited by Senator
Frellnghuysen, Hon. Cortlandt Barker, Colonel
Courtols and a few other gentlemen, all of
whom cordially welcomed the distinguished
Missouri an once more to Newark. A Herald repre
sentative also paid his respects. With a degree or
moaesty remarkable in a public man the Senator
begged that hu lecture mlgbt not be reported to
any extent. Subsequently he urged that it be
not mentioned even. The Senator is booked
to deliver the same preparation la the metropolis
and Brooklyn and (eared the all-powerful light the
Herald might throw on tno subject would render
Its further delivery by him useless. The disagree
able nature of tlio weather and three
other local amusement attractions may have
been the cause of bis not having more
than a fairish audience at Association flail, for
merly the West Oak street ohnrch. He was briefly
Introduced shortly after eight o'clock by a Mr.
Francis, and was well received by the audience.
He commenced by
quorum axbavam Lincoln,
when the martyr President said that the army of
officeholders was a greater and more difficult one
to conquer than that of the rebellious South. Mr.
Scburz then went Into a description of the
shameless, corrupt, dishonest and disgust
ing system under which the government
patronage in office was disbursed, from a Minster
Plenipotentiary down to the poorest post master.
To do tbe Intelligence of his auuitory no violence?
and it composed a good deal of tne business, pro*
fesslonal and political brain of Newark?tue gentle*
man irom Missouri eliminated on tbls potut notb*
tag whatever that they had not known long and
long aao, and which Is the stalest of subjects in the
public press. Mr. Schurz told how the congress
man won his election by lying promises which ne
knew he conid not fulfil, and how ''pressure'*
was brought 10 bear on the various
branches and individuals of the government. He
said that men were not selected for their illness for
office, but because they had been and would still be
first rate party servants, oould no used In the future,
as in the past, lor the perpetuation In office of ihelr
superiors, la referring to
THK NSW TUU CUSTOM HOUSE
Senator Schurz said its business amounted to
$l6b.ooo,ooo per annum, and demanded at us head a
man ot the largest ability and the largest personal
integrity; but instead of that a man was placed
tncrc of the very lowest admlutstiatlve ability.
Tom Murphy, said be, is a man whom none of you
would select as your bank cashier. lhp Custom
House was run not in the interest 01 the people, but
of party. It was simply used as a political inacbtne.
Bo notoriously corrupt was the system ol its mis
management that places were created with pay,
but without work, lie instanced the case of
AN 0L1) APPLE WOMAN,
whose name was found on the books as a clerk, re
ceiving pay. He doubted If tuere were one hundred
Congressmen who had not some knowledge of
money being paid for securing position. The trade
In public o-^ces as a cash article was anything but
conducive to the interests of public good or ol poli
tical morality. The .senator proceeded to
show the deep demoralization ol our whole
Bjsiem of civil service^ how it made men
dishonest before they went into office, aud offered
an incentive for them to become more so after
wards. it was a system calculated to make rascal?
of men who were originally intended for something
better. Congressmen were also corrupted by the
system and obliged to resort to the basest tricks of
hypocrisy. Presidents, too, become notoriously
oorrupt through it. Tne power or the President in
ihe matter of public offices was greater
than that of any consolidated monarchy In
Europe. One great reason for urging the
one-term principle was that it would
do away with the temptation to plan
aud plot aud corrupt with a view to the succession.
In tbe course of the lecture Mr. bchurz handled Tom
Murphy, Andrew Johnson, boss Tweed and Tam
many Hall without gloves, aud the existing Execu
tive and administration with kid gloves. His allu
sions to President Grant were broad, but by no
menus as potnted as In the cases of tne otnors. He
closea by urging a union of houest men to effect a
reformation, and expreased the opinion that the
terms of office of all appointive officers should be
longer than the President's, during good behavior,
Ac. Tne Senator's delivery was hurried and de
fective. People generally were disappointed with
the lecture.
SOUTH CAROLINA FINANCES.
Governor Scott Suspects There Hue Beta a
Frauduloot Issue of State Bonds.
Columbia, Nov. 20, 1871.
In an Interview yeeterday Governor Bcott stated
that he had reason to fear that there has been a
fraudulent issue of a considerable amount of
South Carolina bonds made by the State
Treasurer, through the linanelal agent in
New York. This, he said, may have
been done by re-selllng bonds that have been con
verted into New Conversion bonds, instead of cancel
ling them. If any of the seven per cent bonds, issued
In 1BC0 for the relief of the Treasury, ure still 10 the
market, be believes they are fraudulent, as he baa
signed new bonds for their conversion. The some
Is true, he said, ot $700,000 of Laud Commission
bonds, and ot $600,000 of bonds issued In October,
i?os to pay interest on the public debt, which were
not properly printed, and snouid have been re
placed wtih new bonds signed oy him for the pur*
pose. g
The State Treasurer and tho financial agent, Mr.
Klmpton, who are now here, say that the Governor
Is misinformed, and that they are able to
prove that there has been no such fraudu
lent reissue as he suspects. The Treasurer
to-day made a statement of the whole
amount of the debt of the state, which he offers to
verify by submitting his books to the examination
of any responsible person. This exposition shows
that all official statements heretofore made have been
Intentionally erroneous, and made with a view to de
ceive the public. The entire debtof tne State, not in
cluding liabilities on account or Indorsements of
railroad bonds, is $l6,8od,9o?, of which $0,463,80$
is old debt and $8,8A3,oOO new debt. Of
this snm $$,773,oco are new bonds, which
hare been hypothecated by Mr. Kimpton to
ootain a temporary loan of about $]?,ooo. But,
M there is no prospect that the State win bo able to
redeem them, they are properly iiiumied in the
gross amount of the debt. The whole aiuonnt of
the new bonds and stock printed by the
Bank Note Company is $22,640,000, 01 which
$2,660,000 is State registered stock. The financial
condition of tbo State is confessedly bad. The
treasury is empty, and It Is doubtful if funds can
be obtained to pay .the January interest en tue
Bute debt A lull statement of the character of
the debt and the use that lias been made of
the bonds printed, has been prepared, and will
appear In a lew days. It will show that the man
agement of Bourn Carolina finances has been very
bad. and that tbe mouey raised in New York has
been chiefly on short loans, at ruinous rates of in
terest and high commission, lor the psriueut of
ANTI-GRANT.
laVMttM PwJlilcnl Mtvmsal?Tke Radical
Baemles mi tha Pi fid?H ta Hold a Sacral
Council?Ad Attempt ta ba Made la Con
?km ta Head 00? His Naailaatlaa.
SPECIAL DISPATCH TO TBI BVBNING TBLBGBAM.
Washington, Not. 20, 18TL
I baas Just been privately informed of tbo fbet
that a most Important political movement Is soon
to talc* place among the anti-Grant men of the
radical party. Who are the prime movers and
manipulators of the affair I am unable to ascer
tain; but I think U is sometnlng like a round robin
arrangement. The story as it reached me is about
as follows:?
on the 80th of November, Thanksgiving Day,
and four days before the meeting of Congress, a
convocation will be held, either in Philadelphia,
Baltimore or Harrlsburg, probably the latter
place, which wtu be composed of Benjamin P. But
ler, member of Congress from Massachusetts; Carl
Schurs, united States Senator from Missouri; Wil
liam M. Evans, of New York; Jaoob D. cox, ex
Secretary of the Interior, of Ohio; George E.
Spencer, United States Senator from Alabama;
Charles A. Dana, of New York; Lyman Trumbull,
United States Senator from Illinois; Thnrlow Weed,
Horaoe Greeley and George Wilkes, of New York,
with some half-dozen or more others, whose
names It would not be policy at present to make
public
Charles Sumner and Henry Wilson, United States
Senators flrom Massachusetts, will have consider
aole to do with the deliberations, but wui not be
present mi the occasion.
The main object of the assemblage will be to ar
range a programme for the coming Congress to
head off General Grant and to unite the republi
cans who are opposed to bis nomination upon
some general plan of operations. What the
arrangements will be it is impossible yet to fore
shadow, but that there Is a determined spirit
afloat antagonistic to the President Is quite appa
rent. it is thought that the National Republican
Executive Committee have an inkling of this move
ment, and a meeting of that body has therefore
beeu c&ued, ostensibly 10 fix a day for the meeting
of the National Nominating Convention, but more
in reality to arrange a plan to meet tne emergencies
that mar emanate from this secret meeting. The
republican horizon betokens a coming storm.
DEATH OP AH APED MXLLIONNAI&E.
Halifax, N. S., Nov. 20,1871.
Enos Collins, probably the richest man in the
lower provinces, died to-day. aged ninety-six years.
SHIPPING NEWS.
Alusaaae far New York ?Pltls Day.
Sun rises 6 54
Sun Bets 4 38
Moon sets...morn 1 14
High water, morn 8 46
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DATE8 OF DEPARTURE FROM NSW TOBE FOB THI
MONTHS OF NOVKMBHK AND DBCKMBKR.
Steamer.
Suite I OeetiiuiUon. OJia.
M lam-tola
City ot Haltna'r*
City of Brussels.
Weter.
India
ldabo
Iowa.
Not 22...|LiTeroool |S9 Broadway.
Britannia
Vllie de Part*
Oceania.
City of London..
Deutacbland....
Donau
City ot Antwerp.
Anglta...
Prrelre
Atlantic...
Kheiu
Not 28... Llreroool.
Not 2&...|LiTerpoot....
Not 25...(Bremen
Not 15... (Glasgow
Not 29.. Liverpool...
I Not 29... 1 Glasgow..
Pec
Dec I.
Dec S...
Deo S...
Dec I...
Dec 9...
Dec 9...
Dec 8...
Dec IS.
Deo 16...
Deo 18 ..I
Glasgow..
Havre
Lieernooi.
Liverpool.
Bremen..
lb Broadway.
15 Broadway.
2 Bowling Wren
7 Bowling Green
19 Broadway.
7 Bowling Green
7 Bowline Green
M Broadway.
18, Broadway.
15 Broadway.
2 Bowling Green
Bremen |2 Bowling Greon
Liverpool {15 Broadway.
Glasgow- T Bowline Green
Havre 158 Broadway.
Liyernooi 119 Broadway.
Bremen |2 Bowling Green
PORT OF HEW YORK, IfOFEHBER JO, 1871.
CLEARED.
Steamship Pnncimit, Bran. Cortland?J F A me*.
Steamship Alliance, Sbute, Haiem?Murray, Ferris A on.
Bark Bemtio Parker (Br), Cox. Brlmtol, K?E E Morgan's
Sods.
Bark Pr Ton Tboer Tallow (Nor), Kionow, Cork or Fah
month?Wandt. Teton* A Bookmmnn.
Bark PaUma, Hlddie, Hellxe?Wm Jo*.
Bark O B Rogers, Dickinson, Havana?J B Phillips A Son,
Brig Sham rock, Ray, Genoa?Simpson, Clapp k Co.
Brig Eastern Star. Foster, Oemararm?Hjr Trowbridge's
Son*.
Brig Karon. Spencer. Matanraa?Simpson, Clapp k Co.
Sloop Nearcbu*. young. Orient, LI.
Steamer Annie, Stein, Wilmington, Del.
Steamer Beverly, Pierce, Philadelphia.
ARRIVALS.
XXPORTBD BT TUB HKKALD 8TBAM YACHTS.
Steamship Emily B Bonder, Bnrdlck, new Orleans Nov 11
and the Bar lkih, with mdae and passengers, to Frederic
Baker. Had strong BE wluda loTortugaa; thence fresh
wind* from N to NK, with heavy head tea; passed Hatters*
at HAM 19th mat: -Uth, 70 mile* south of Barnrgat, ex
changed signal i with brig W A Hurley, bound noltb.
Steamship Kt Louis, Whitehead, New Orleans Not 12,
with mdae and passengers, to H B Cromwell A Co. Had
strong N sad NE wind* and heavy bead sea from Caryifort
Reef to Cape Honry 18th. saw a British ship, steering Ni
Rarnejgat bearing spoke brig Sen Juan (Br). 91 day*
Steamship Bene)actor, Jones, Wilmington, NC, with mdse
to the Lorlllard Steamship Co.
Kteamship Zodiac, Chapin, Newborn, NC, S days, with
mdse ami passenges. to M urray, Ferris A Co.
Steamship Albemarie, Bmitu, Richmond, City Point and
Norfolk, with mdse and passengers, to the Old Dominion
SteamsbiD Co.
Steamsbip Wm P Clyde. Johnson, Richmond, City Polst
and Norfolk, wHb mdae and paaacngsrt, to Washington A
Co.
Ship Leander (Br), Knight, Amoy Aug 8, with teas, to
Howland A Aspinwall. Passed Anjler Oct 81 nnd Cape of
Good Hope Sent 8, where bad hard NW gales for 10 daya;
had strong SW gares In the China Sea to Cape Padnn:
crossed the Equator Oct 20 In Ion 83, since which had light
winds and calms; Sept 12, off Cape of Good Hope, spoke
ship Sacramento, from Manila for New York-, same day,
bark C C Leary, from Singapore for New York) 14th, off
same piece, ship Cyclone (Br), from Manila for Liverpool.
Shin Janet Court (Br). Crawford, Calcutta July S8 and
Sand lleadi 30th, with mdse, to 8 1 Pennlmau. Passed Cape
of Hood Hope Sent 17, and crossed the Equator Oct U In Ion
01; had line weather up to Bermuda: from tneuce 14 daya,
with heavy NW winds; Aug 20, 1st 4 44 S, Ion 01 89 E, spoke
?hlu carlitown (Br), from Madras lor London; Sept 1, lat
22 30 H, Ion 81 24 E, ship Fearnought (Br), from Bassan for
London; 14tb, 1st 35 '.'fc 8, Ion 29 18 E, ship J C Monro (Br
from Cochin for London; 17lb, lat 34 17 B, Ion 16 30 K. ship
Erato iBr>, from Calcutta for New York; 21st. lat 28 05 S,
Ion 8 37 E, ship Mahanda (Br), from Calcutta for Liverpool.
Ship Celestial Empire, Taylor, Liverpool Oct 3, with mdse,
to C II Parsons. Had a succession of westerly gales most of
tbs passage; from Ion ?0 to 25 and frum Ion 45 to 60 passed
larse quautitles of deals and lath.
Ship Neptune. Spencer. Liverpool Oct 8, with mdae and
passengers, to 0 U Marshall A Co.
Ship Abeona (Br), Hamilton, Glasgow 89 days, with mdse,
to Henderson Bros. Was 15 days west of tha Banks, with
strong N W winds.
Ship Electric (NO), Payn, Hamburg, 47 days, with mi'se
and 294 passengers, to Kuuch, Edye A Co. Had boisterous
weather latter part of passage; came the southern passage.
Oct 24,1st '26, Ion 80, ,apoke bark Hornet, from Denia for
Philadelphia, 16 days out; 2ath, lat 26, Ion 83 30. brig Signal
(Br), hence for linenot Ayrea; Nov 5, Ist'JfitO, Ion 6042,
bark courier (NOVfrom Liverpool for New York.
Ship C H Souls (Br), binneU, Boston 49 hours, In ballast,
to master. Waa towed to this port by staamtng Seth Low.
Bark All (Ana), Luclcb, Liverpool 47 days, with coal to
order?vessel to Slocovtch A Co. was 10 days west or the
Banks, with heavy westerly winds.
Bark Irvine (Br), Ternie. London 47 days, with mdse, to
Punch, Edye A Co. Had heavy wastcly gales during the
pas sag' lost lower foretopsall and shifted cargo; waa 6
data west of the Banks, with favorabia weather; Nov 16 and
17 bad a heavy wsaierly gale.
Bark Tarsus (Br), Anderson, Londonderry 84 days, in bal
last, to order. Had variable weather; was 8 days west of
the Banks; Nov 14, lat 45, Ion 57, saw two buoys, painted
while, with fellow diamond, and letters J W on it; no dale,
lat 4616, Ion 70, saw ship Air, hound east
Bark Orsto (Itali, gusrta, Glasgow 50 dars, with cool, to
Oee A Philips A Collins. Was 13 days west of the Banks,
with strong N W gales.
Bark Maria Giuseppe (Ital), Re, Antwerp 61 days. In bal
last to order, l ook the southern passase, and had moderate
weather up to Bermuda; from tbsncs 13 days, with heavy
bead win is.
Bark Evanell, Rendell. Trieste Bent 6, with wool, Ac, to
Carver A Barnes. Passed Gibraltar Oct 11; had heavy west
erly gales frrtn loo 46.
Bark Reindeer, Wellington, Barbados 10divs,wtth sngar,
An, to II Trowbridge's Bona Was 4 days north of Halters*,
with heavy head wluda.
Bark John urtffin. Weathers. Havana 15 days, with sugar
to C P Fisobar?vessel to James k Ward A Co. Was 8 days
north or Matters*, with heavy N and NE winds.
Bark Trlano (Bp), CeqnisDO, Havana IB davs. In ba.laat.
to Flinch, Edye A Co. Waa 8 days aorih of Hatteras, with
strong northerly gales. _ _
Bark Frank, Wallace, Sydney, CB, 14 days, with coal to tha
International Coal and Railway Co-vessel to Simpson A
Clapp. Mad strong NW rale* all the passage.
Bark Orono (Br, new, 548 tons), McLeilan, ???"?"n
days, with plaster (o J A Mossey-vessel to J F Whitney A
On. Nov 16 axperisnoad a violent gas iromBE, lasting 11
Bar's Waldo, Smith, Pensacola 10 daw, with yellow ploe,
to W H Sparks. Waa 7 days north of Ilaiteras, with siroug
Brig'niprld Owen, Chadbonrns, Hevllle 89 daya, with lead
and cork, to mister. Hart moderate weather up to the Ber
mudas, thenre strong westerly gales, Oct 17,1st 34 48, Ion 20
80. saw brig Goodwin, from M slat a for New York.
Brig Susan Bergen, Paries, Malaga Sept 84 and Alraena
*^rt^L^^limoad^*'rown, Oraytown. Nlo, 57 dais, with
rubber,Ac, loRBuokACo. Had heavy weather; waa 14
daya north of Halters*.
Brt* W A Henry (Br),
fee. Ac, to Hchmlfinskv.
?*2t!1c? lYat^meouiitersd a Rercs gaU from B to i?K, with
frlgliiful sea. causing the vessel to labor haanly: st I lit
wind suddenly shifted to SW. than to NW and N, moderate
toftfSTS^*CTSrtStMPS^-h wtu molasses, to D
W o ud r5r A Robtoaon- vessel to WI nob wUr A~Toeoi#. B
11 days from the lot of^rmode, with s^e NK enrtNW
wlnd?;Do (Ul?, UU lov 67 20, n? i?wr ciwi van
bng W A Henay, from Maraoalbo foe Naw York; ivtb, on
Fmwlck'a Island, brig Neponeet, tl<m Jf?n? ror
It* Urt,
Bohr L F Wmtw, Johnson, Areelbo, PR. JS(tap*. with
molasses, v> master. Was I days north of Hatleras, with
heavy N aiHVNW wlndz.
8chr Palm*, Cooler, Georgetown. DO.
Bleamtng Beth Low* Bloodgnod, Boston 41 hours, having
tewed Alp 0 H Boole to this port.
Tm bark Lebanon, of 8t John, MB, whleb arrived from
London on to* lllh lost, is consigned to 8 L Merchant A Co,
net ns before reported.
Panned Tkrongb Hell Gate*
BOUND BOUTO.
Bcbr Little David, Blair, Portland for Mew York, with
stone to order.
Bchr Salmon Washburn, Phillips, Tannton for Poughkeep
Bohr Mtra A Pratt, Pratt, Mlddletown for Harlem, with
srone to master.
Bchr Undine. Hammond, Portland for Albany, with stone
to order.
Bchr L M Hatch, Hatch, Portland for New York, with
atone.
Bchr J H Youmans, Young, Providence for Elizabeth port.
Bcbr Shekinab, Jones, Providence for New York.
Bchr Charlie Cobb, Kennedy, Providence for Baltimore.
Bchr Belle, Simpson, Bridgeport jor Ho bo ken.
Bchr Irene Measorvev, Baton, Boston for New 1 ork.
Bchr Pair Wind, Bowman, New Bedford for New York.
Schr J h Young, HartleU, Providence for Kllsabethnort.
Bohr J O Chamberlain, Eldrldge, Derby for New York.
BOUND BAST.
Bteamebto Franoonla. Brass. Naw York for Portland.
Steamship Alliance, Bhule. New York for Salem.
Brit Altavel* (Br;, McClelian, New York for Bt John, NB.
Brig W hlitaker, Colton. New York for Boston.
Bcbr Win Tlce, Tlee, Baltimore for Boston.
Bchr Kate A Mary. Clark, Kondont for Hartford.
Bcbr Clarence W, White, Georgetown tor Boston.
Bchr Neptune's Bride, Piereon, Hobokeo for Boston.
Schr B Ruuyon, Campbell, Ellsabethport for Bridgeport
Schr Barah Elizabeth, Waldea, Kllzabetunort for Pall River
Bohr Martha P King, Smith, Clinton Point far Naw Lon
don.
Bchr Defiance, Hall, Hoboken for Ipswich.
Schr John Lancaster, Williams, Newburg for Hartford.
Bchr K Lench. Pendleton, Ellsabethnort Tor Ipswich.
Bchr Isabel Alberto, Tooker, Baltimore for Providence.
Bcbr Village Queen, Smith, Baltimore for Wareham.
Bchr Sarah Elizabeth, Wells, Ellsabethport for Providence.
Bcbr Almon Bacon, Johnson. Port Jobnann for Providence.
Schr A B Dean, Cook. Klizabeihport for Bangor.
Bcbr Lizzie Raymond, Kllzabetboort tor Hartford.
Bcbr Helen Mar, Ward, Rondoul for 1'rovtdeace.
Bchr Ellen M Duffield. Raynor, New York for Portland.
Bchr Peacedale. Baker, New York for Provtdenoe.
Bcbr Clarissa Allen, Uell, Clinton Point for Frondenzn.
Bchr Roslna, Cunaming*, New York for Newburyport.
Schr (lea Howard, Johnson, Port Johnson for Bnatol.
Bohr Luna, Wells, Hudson for Providence.
Schr A Hayues, Bmltb, Klizabetbport for Provtdenoe,
Schr Mary Shields, Walte, New i ork for Providence.
Schr Evelvn. Burger. Port Johnson lor Stamford.
Bchr Justice. Clark. Ellsabethport for NarraganaeG.
Bcbr Moses Eddy, Mundell, KddyvUlc for Boston.
Bchr Ellen Perkins, Elliott, New York for Newport
Bcbr Connecticut, Dehart, Port Johnson for Norwalk.
Bcbr Elizabeth Tlmilh, Jones, New York for Taunton.
Schr Josephine, Caswell, Ellzabethport for Narraganaett
Bchr May Day, Andrews, Hoboken for Bangor.
Bchr Saratoga, Weeks, Elizabeth port for Providence.
Schr Almlra, M>i;'.cmau, New York for Clan Cove.
Bchr Qeo W Denning, Uutchluge, Weehawken for Roalyn.
Scbr Q L Knight, MeTdon, Hudson for Boston.
Bchr R H Daly, Lamphear, New York for Providence.
Schr R L Taylor, Rhodes, Philadelphia for Salem.
Bcbr K Potta, Ellsworth, Port Jobnson for New London.
Schr Charger, White, New York for Providence.
Scbr Roanoke, Cook, Port Johnson for Taunton.
Bcbr John 8 Somes. Heath, New York for Boston.
Schr Fannie Hazard, Lawrence, Ellsabethport foi Boston
Wind at sunset BE, hazy.
Marine Disasters.
SiBAMsnrr Maw Sanvord, Cbadwlek, from Wilming
ton, NC, tor Philadelphia, before reported burned, was a
screw steamship of 4?ii tons, rated All*, was built at Mvstlo
in 1663, and bailed from Philadelphia, where she waa owned
by Mr Berry and otberi.
Snir Persia?The wrecked stuff washed on to North
Island Beach, Georgetown, 80, 4th and 6th lost, no doubt
was rrom ship Persia, wrecked on Frying Fan Shoal Nov 38,
187H, as the figures cut on the broken beam, tO,Ul, are her
official numbers.
Bark Damon, from Glbara for New York, at Lewes. Del,
lHlb, reports Capt C H W Petrous died and waa burled at
sea when 4 days out; had heavy NW galea the entire pas
sage lost and splls sails. She put in for provisions.
Bars Mary 0 Fox?The report that bark Mary 0 Fox
waa ashore on Cape Elizabeth was unfounded.
Bnie Ottawa, Mclvers, from New Brandon, NB, for
New Haven, put Into Glouoeeter 17ih Inst with cargo of
grindstones. On the nffebt of the 1Mb experienced a severe
gale in tbe Bay of Fundy, was knocked on beam ends, and
shifted oargo, with considerable damaze to the vessel and
cargo; cabin akyllghta were store by sea and cabin tilled
with water.
Brio Roma, Hobba, of and from Chariottetown, PEI, for
Bermuda, with produce, went ashore at Little Jucllquer.CB,
on tbe night of the 8tb lust. Yeaael and cargo Ukaiy to be n
total loss.
Bonn Fmo a tx Bibj>, Kingston, of and from Bt John, If B.
for Fall River, with a cargo of laths, before reported, struck
on tbe Hedge Fence on Wednesday morning, but drifted over
and went ashore at Falmouth Heights. When the vessel struck
the sea make a complete breach over her, taking everything
movable off the deok, the stove and other articles out of tbe
eabin, which was stove In, bulwarks washed away, wneel,
broke, Ac. The captain and crew lashed themselves to the
rigging nnd reroalaed there 20 hours, tbe sea all the time
making a breach over her. Patrick (lain, of Bt John, a sea
man, aged 17, was knocked out of the rigging by n sea. fall
to the deck aDd was Instantly killed and washed overboard.
Capt K lashed himself to a raft which be constructed and
drifted ashore. He wandered about without iinding any one
till ha was almost frozen and exhausted, when he food a
small skiff, with oars, which be dragged to the beach, launch
ed mid proceeded to the wreck, saving tbe crew and bring
ing them ashore, all being nearly dead. Tba vessel Is full
of water, but was got off by steamer Wm Stroud, wbleh
towed her to Falrhavnn 18th.
Bohr Lillix, Warrington, of New Haven, whleh sailed
from New York about the 1st in.(t for Baltimore, with a cargo
of 13UU bbls cement, was lost on LUtle Egg Harbor bar Nov
2. The czuse of tbe disaster was the fact that tbe mate,
who was un watch, mist ook the bar buoy ror the sea buoy,
and ran the vessel on the bar. Investigation showed that
the sea buoy was missing. Everything moeable on the ves
sel was taken off by wreckers. The vessel waa h total loss,
on wbl ch there waa no insurauee.
Bonn JofiN A rumen, while going Into Dartmouth, Mass,
on the nlgbl of lbs 16th mat, carried away head of her fore
seen Amiirrbt (Brf, Chonnet, from New Haven for Jog
gins, NS, waa ashore 18th lnst on ('ape I'oge, Vineyard
Sound; craw saved. The veaael may be got off.
BtroxsroRT, Me, Nov 14?Tbe oaptatn (Nicholas) and offi
cers of hark I B Bradley, recently sunk by collision with a
rie<uner m the English Channel, are stopping la London to
prosecute a libel against the steamer. Tbe bark went down,
being loaded with chalk, In about S minutes, and had not the
mate and another man cot on board the steamer at the time
ol the collision she would have kept on har course, leaving
the entire crew to Crown. As It was all were found but two
men. Tbe captain went down with the bark, all others
having jumped from her, and was the last picked up. He
waa going down the third time, when he waa seised by the
hair.
Detroit, Mich, Not 30?The lobr Twilight struck a rock
on the 1Mb mit tiW miles below Port Au&urque, sprung a
leak and broke hiFsteering gear. The crew, et?bt persons In
all, took to the small boat, which was capsized, aud only twd
of their number reached the shore alive. Captain GlbDs, of
Oswego, and the first mate, John Hen wood, of Erie, ware
among the ion.
Pout Coluornr, Ontario, Nov 10?The schr Advance,
from Chicago for Onlenshurg, has arrived at this port Dur
ing the i torm she had to cut awajr Iter masts; her cargo is
damaged; the vesrd is leaking
Owen Sou.ni>, Ontario, Nov 10?The crew of the schr Gold
Hunter have amrsd here. The teasel was driven ashore
near Cabot's Head after the tug Prince Alfred bad cut her
adrift to save herself.
AfliitellaBesna,
The Lata Rapid Passage of tux Steamship Citt or
BRlbSKts?The following Is an abstract of the log or the
Inman steamship Citf of Brussels, James Kennedy com
mander, from Liverpool and Queenetown to New York. Her
actual running time from Roche's Point to Sandy Hook was
8 days, 7 hours and ?0 minute*. The following la Ute ab
Straet:?
Not9?WlndNW. Lett Liverpool at 4:38 PM; proceeded
slow; 4:69 puS'ed Rock; 0:4tl. Bell Buoy, ahead mil speed;
11:17, South Stack; midnight, treali breete and eoually.
lUtb?Wind NW, AtS:?u am pannedTuskar; 11 :30, Roche's
Point, and received pt'ol; 11:43, anchored In Queenstown
harbor; I'M. passed Roche's Point; 9:15, Pastnet
Uth? Wind NNF. At noon light northerly airs. Distance
ran from Fail net. 199 miles.
18th?Wind SW to NW. 8trong breete to fresh gale. Dis
tance ran, 314 miles.
13th?wind N W to WSW. Strong breete throughout. Die
ts nee run, 305 mile*.
14th?Wind vailable. Moderate breete throughout. Die.
tance ran. 330 miles.
1Mb?Wind variable. Moderate breete throughout. Dis
tance ran. 343 miles.
16th?Wind variable Moderate breese throughout. Die
tanee ran, 378 miles.
17th--Wind SW to NB. Moderate breete throughout. Die
tance ran, 367 miles.
18tb?wind N or B. Fresh breeze throughout. Distance
run, 396 miles. To Sandy Hook, 191 mils*; 8:3U PM, Sandy
Hook; V M, Quarantine, and anchored.
Netle* te it I art n ere
RHODE ISLAND?ECUS AM ROOt LIGHT, PROVTDRNCR RI
VER, Rt.
Notice te hereby given that on the let of December, 187L a
flzed whltp light wfl be cihlbtted at Pumham Rock. The
Itgbt I* over the keeper's dwelling, and la N feat above low
water mark.
Tne apparatus la a lens of tbe siith order, Illuminating an
are ol' 180 degrees.
The house Is painted white and the lantern black,
Whalemen.
Arrived at St Helena Oct 1, bark* Leonldas, Stlckney, of
NB, with l.i bbls sp, 445 oo wh oil; 5th, Desdemona, Darts,
do, 390 bbls sp, 390 do wh; 7tb, NatUllui, Smith, do, 45 bbls
sp, 1750 do wh; brig Heman Smith, Senler, of Boston, oil
not reported; 13th, bark President, Almy, NB, oU not re
potted,
Spekim.
Ship Tabor, Otle, from Liverpool for Bombay, Sept >3, let
97 10 N. Ion 94 W.
tibip Ciomweil, Hohlstn, from Calcutta for Boeton. Aug 10,
In the Hay of Bengal.
Ship Talbot (Hr), Simons, from London for New York, Oct
97:1st 43 81, Ion 14 bo.
Ship Wm M Kged, Stlnson, from New York for Llrerpool,
Nov 8, lal 51, Ion 17.
Hbtp W A Campbell, Henry, from Boston for Mobile, Mot
5, lat 83 (14, Ion 73 31.
Bark Charleston from Cadi I for Raw York, Nov 11, lal
36, Ion 99.
BarkClevedon (Fr), Hughe*, from New York for Valpa
raiso, Sept 5, lat 99 B, Ion 4k.
Bark R W Orlflliha (Fn, Dntramond, from New York for
Mutants*, Nov 13, lat 86 iff, loo 7] 06.
Brig He Capo iNor>, Andersen, from New York for Pe>
nartb, Nov 6, (at 60, Ion 18.
Yertlga Porta,
CnARLOTTtTOwa. PE1, Nov 7-Cleared, brig Glynwood
(Br), Uavln, Savannah. _
Dtiutiita, Nov 16?Arrived, eehr Gdorgo Pea body, White,
Baltimore.
Oiitiu, Nov 4?Balled, bark Ueorg* Klnrman, Hammond,
Hotftlnft*
Havana, Nov 19?Arrived, bark Q W Roosevelt, Herri
men. New York. _
Sailed IStb, steamship Columbia, Van Sles, Mow York.
Halifax, For IT-galled, ablp City of Halifax (Mr), Oum
Nils, Nswcomb, NSW
sibiran Harrtsoo, Boston;
Alios, Kills, New Orleans; ships Olenduror, Cornwsll, Nsw
York; Lady Duffsrln, Kllan, Charleston. _
M ai-aoa, Nov 3- Arrived, brig Bdwln Bows, Cruleo, Msw
T a eared 4th, steamship Dorian, Yonng, Bow Yerk; hark
Bnpo*T ?FAJi?^ite?IO-ln pari brig George, for Mow York la
4 Janeiro, Oct lk?Arrived previous, sbtpa Walteos,
brtr Potosl iBr), Nieksrson, do. _ __
BtdnRv, CB, Nov 9?Arrived, brigs Alfsrate, Wallas.
Portland /end cleared 9th for Bew York); 7th, Napier (Br),
'yyia.'U ?W?? in?l. V
iMfMH Porta.
ALBXANDRlA. Not 18-Arnved, echre BbHlrJ
Yaugusaett, Waahinpton.
felled-Behre Nan K SomcrA ami Wm Alton, Jar*
ajtUto IIearn, hew Bedford; U A Vaughsn, Newport;_
"?fejjPawtucket.
BOSTON, Not 18, PM?Arrived, bark Irene (Br), Hd
Caernarvon; nchral L Pierce, Pleroe, Tan (tori lit bJ
*??A Too alee.
J>^f?d7 Schr 2 L A dam a Bobbins, PhtladelphtA
eSSteamships Wm Liwr. nee, Norman; ships bj?
the Komla.00"' 81"l) Clara Killaiu started, but auchored|
steamships Treat, from Liverpool;
Philadelphia; Neptune, New York.
Hew York
KsUvfu A i* v. "s?? Rattlesnake, ceoparu, an<
rt*i?a5kM^1 Stephen Decatur, New York.
?IStsmatfy' f^:m Oottenburs; brig Etta M Tueke
BaUFIMOM.
Bull, E.
Loth* Job?won. Nasssu,'NP, rstoe,' tosSfortV?i
Commme, To bin, Newiiuryport; Joneph ifiok
SletgliL Bridgeport; J W Wilson, Seniors,Boston*
J^pi?SS^ Lond^i brl? ffi
scbr Paloa MartlnlriuA _
NoT II?Amred, ,i0op Fred Brown,
New York,
^fSrtmT^H^enC00d?^
Mailed?Scbr LLzie C Sparrow, Qrlnnall. Harm
CHARLESTON, Not tf-Cieared, echrfewUto
ifth?Arrlvod, eofrr Fryteoula,LeavR^ New^orA
Cleared?Bchre Hy Allen. Tatem, new si
tow a KC; Anna Sheppatd, Newton, do via Jacksonville.
DAKIEN. Ua, Not 6-Cleared, brig Isto iF^PopeTl
?tow, R; 10th, ochre Lucy Collins. ColllnA Boston;BOB
more, barter, do.
In port 18th, bark Henry Palmer, Kreeman; brtgNe
Kerr:schre Emma F llart, Ilart; Mabel T Itaplee,
and Her a Kent, all ldg.
DIOHTON, N
ot 18?Am red, schr Julia Baker, Ba
New York.
EDUABTOWN. Not 14?Armed, brig Pranoee
Louie, Philadelphia for ftalem.
l&tb?Arrived, scare Elisabeth, Hodgdon, Bftnktend
New York: I'stIIIon, Llnsoott, 1'roTlnoetown for Boston
16th?Mailed, brig Frances LouIa end others bound E.
Bohr Parallel, MeFsdden, from Cutler. Ma for Nsw 1
which put Into tbis port loth Inst la nlitreee. has 1
and Is waltioe wind.
Evening?Wind NE; raining.
FORTRESS MOM ROE, Nor JO?Arrived, brig
Jane, from Klu Janeiro for orden.
Passed in?Bark Armida, Hail, from Porto Bloo for 1
mors; brig Alice, from do tor do.
Passed out?Steamship Maryland, for Havens; ship]
rens, for Harre; bark Deborah Peunell, for Rotterdam; L
Aroostook, for Aaplnwsll; Geo Latimer, for St Jehne;i
Louisa A, for Martlniqua
PALL R1VEK, Not 18?Arrlrad, schr B O Whllden.1
lemurs. Philadelphia.
OARblNER, not 18-Sailed, schr Kmsllne McLala.]
arson, Richmond, Va
NEW ORLEANS, Nor 15-Arrived. brig Msnarst, J
Galveston. Below, bark Fleetwtng, Darto, Mew Torn.
Cleared?M teams alp Liberty, Read, Baltimore na
West and Harass.
18th?Sailed, steamship Sherman, Henry, New York.
19th?Arrtred, steamsulp United UUitee, CroweU,
York. _
Sailed?Steamship Geo Cromwell, for New York.
90th A rrlred, steamship Cortes, Whitman, New York.
Nor 18?Anlred.
NORFOLK, Nor IB?Anlred. eohni Ada, Blron, ProyN I
dence; Emms, Plndlr, New York. I
Cleared?brigs Mary Cobb, Tracy, New York; Nellie Mltefe I
ell, Cody, Barbsdev; sobrs Edna liar wood, aarwood, do; H I
D Crsnmer, Matthews, and Wake, Candy, New York.
NANTUCKET, Nor 12?A rrlred, scbr Onward, Oe
New York.
NEW BEDFORD, Nor 17-Sailed, schr A B Ham Bin
low, New York.
18th?Arrlred, schre Herbertffianton, CroweU, end Barak
Mills, Raker, Philadelphia; (.has W Bentlay, Baker, aad
Niger, Tnompsou, Elizabeth port; Iris, Lowden, and Heprr
OlobA Chase, New York.
feUed?Retire Cohasset, Bennett, Philadelphia; M Yisnrj
Jr. Keller; A B UaycA Bar.ow, and Anna M Nash, for
York,
NEWPORT, Nor 18, AM?Arrlred, schre Racket Jane. Pels
ter, Kllzabethport; rotter A Hooper, Bradbury, Haveretraww
Massed by. acbre R tf Whlldtn, Wblttemore, from Philedel
j^ls for Kail hirer i Julia baker, Baker, Hew Votk for
ballad?Steamer Stephen Decatur, from Naw York for Bog.
DfiUiea?oicamwr ovcjjucu jjcc?vur( uvm n< _
ton, with two scows in tow; schrs Irene E Meeserrey. Wall.
TOrrey, Poughkeepi
Providence for Charleston: Lucy Ames.
sis; Jss H Tripp, Ntckerson, New York for Chatham; FaUst
French, do lor Rockland; Chas W Beutler, Keller. Elisabeth*
Sort tor New Bedford: Qrni, ThomaA Naw York fer YlnaU
even. Wind N. Dlowiug fresh.
NEW HAVEN. Nov 18-Arrived, schre D Davidson, Smith,
Philadelphia; Robin Hood, Baker, South Amboy.
Mailed?Scbra Annie Belt, Elklns. Maya guar. PR; George
HotchklsA Doyle; M M Hamilton, Stedinan: Old Zack. Bee
HOtCDKtSA iroyie, at n uanuuuii, owmau v/iu cava, uw
bea; Judge Kunyon, Gandy, and YV W Bralnard, Trlbbtoh
prYork;!" *J
New York; sloop Lady Adams, Sulilrsn, do.
19tb?Anired, sebrs Henry Komasn, Alien, New burg; 1M?
ward Woolen. Young, Kllzabatbport.
loth?Arrived, sobrs Franklin, Vail, Clinton Point; Bead*
|n? llR No 42, Rodan South Amboy; Niagara, Wooden, aad
U W Mtddletoo, Hami, Hoboken; Cornell a Carroll
Wm R Powers, Crosby, Port Johnson: Mtaten 1
il. aad Or
wm K rowers, vrosoy, ron jounaou: staieo fslssdy,
Hammond; Gloucester, Allen, and 6arah LarernA AverlU,
Eligabethport; sloop Uoua Smith, do.
PHILADELPHIA, Nor lB, Pli-Clesred, brig Kmfly^Oo
mer (Br), Thompaoa, Barbados; schrs F N Towsr,
Boston; Mosas Patton, Hlcb, ProvldencA
OBIOH mom, rMUUili Iticu. a 1 u?suouvvt
Lkwka Dal, Nov \i AM?IB harbor, scbr M B Psm, from
hltodelpbla for Bostoa, with loss of maiaaaO aad Jib. Ban
Philadelphia I
Tidal Wave left for PhltodelphlA
191k, PM-Arrive J, bark Damon, lata Petrous, OlbantlM
New ^ork; brtg Charles A Howard, Esnma for do; aehf
Chlmo, Konslis fer do. t ._
PORTLAND, Nov 17?Arrived, bark Oaata (naw, IMff
tone), Randall, of and from Freeport; brigs Budorua Fair,'
St John, NB, for Naw York, leaky; Hampden, Smith, Ban*
go r tor do.
lttb?Cleared, brlgOipaer Queen, Korea, Cardense. _, ,i
PROVIDENCE, rot 18?Arrived, aebra toman Blew, 1
Clark, Georgetown, DC; Ella A mad en. Smith, and Jeaee
Williamson, J r, Corson, rhl'adelphia; Maracaibo, Henlsrl
Col hddy, Beau i D A fc Ketlej, Kelley, and Henry, Merriuj
Eliaabeuiport; C I Errlcknon, bmlth. do for Pawtuokctj
AJlda, Knowles, Port Jobnaun; Franklin BeiLBrewster, do I
H W Benedict, Hlgbcc, South Rirar, NJ: Hortxon. LeeU
Rondout for Pawtuokct; Fly, Dow, Uobekdn; Josephine.
Ph Inner, do. r
Bailed-bckrsCharlie Cobb. Kennedy, Baltimore; Vaahtl
Sharps, Koblnaon, and I H Walnwright, Abrams, PhitaCal
phis; TV t Phillips. Uawklna; A TirrWi, Aldrioh; R HWD*
?on, Harris tBenj English, Cbiae, and D C Footer, Pedrtck.
New York; Dolphin, Btnl.h, do (or Ellsworth).
18th?Arrived, aehra Ann Dole, Bunce, Georgetown, DC,
for Pawtuoket: Era Bell, Komem, and Alabama, Churchill.
Philadelphia; Telegraph, Nickerson, Port Johneon;F Msr
Sin, Bonce, Rondout; Albert Pharo, Blngkam, Newburgt
las Bralnard, Hawkins, do; Lewis Welsh, Kelly, and Mary
Miller, Dayton, Hobokeu; Kate 8o ran ton, Palmar, Mew York
Below scbr Samoa Hawea. from Penaaeola.
Sailed?Schra Mary O Collins, KndlootL Alerandrla; Ltsiie
D Small. Tine, Philadelphia; Franeia C Smith, VanaaadaDt
11 M Mcrrtman, Babbitt, and Sea Flower, Chase, Hew Yorki
Monntaln Laurel, Booth, do (<r Bangor). f
RICHMOND, Hot 18?Arrived, steamship Saratoga, Conch,
ew York; tohrs J II Lock wood, bharrett, Poughksepalei
A Crockett, Rockland.
Cleared -Bark Satellite (Br), Turner, Rio Janeiro.
Sailed?Schra S T Brigga, Mew York rla Chlckahominy
Pmoence, Halary, do via James Hirer.
SAM FRANCISCO, Nor 11?Cleared, ships Templar, Fed*
sen den, Manila; Windward, Kprague, Portland,
liiih?Arrived, bark Isaac Rich, Sheldon, Coronal (Chill).
Sailed-Ships Kerens iBr), Duggan, IIo; Calrnamora(BrV
Kewlev, Newcastle. NSW.
HALBM, Mot lT-Arrired, aobr Oliver Dyer, Talker, BaltW
more.
VINEYARD HAVEN, Nor 18, PM.-Arrlred, brtg Hyw
perlon, Philadelphia for Portland: aohra 8 w W Sim
naons, Julia A Garrlson.J T nearer, Caroline YoungApeorga
Nevtenger and Mary E Staples, do for Boston: Nathan
Clifford, Eddyvillc for do; Li, ile. and Eltsa B Coffin, Ellsa
betnport for do: John Snow. Hoboken for do; Anbla H
Hodgman, New York for do; Fldhear, do for Moncton, HI:
Kauai, do for Waldohuro: n eicoma Home, do for WlndeorJ
MS; Rescue, do for Hal Hat; Olive Avery, do for
Saucue; Ida A Anne, do for Thomaatowu, Evergreen,
do for St John, NH; Ad.:11a T Cohen, Philadel
phia for flcltnate; Blonde), do for pronooetown;
Elite L Smith, Chattanooga, James Ponder, Jr, and Emma
0 Edwards, do for Salem; Mary Lymburner. Mew York for
i
ii .<ini j ujwtii asm a a tiow avtn ivt
id; George Brooks, do for Portland i
James Ilenry, do ter Bangor; lienj Strong, ElUabathport
Gloucester; Charlie A Witlie, Ron
do Gem, do for Rockland;
James Henry, do tor Bai
for do; Dr a ana, do for _
dout for Newbury port; Pearl, Port Jendon fur Mewhury
port.
Sailed?8oh.it Empress, Tradewind, Gentile, J H Hanooeh,1
Charlie B Raymond and M P.
19th?Arrived, schra Bay State, New York for Bostoar
Nellie Doe, do for Bangor i Fannie Kldar, Elder, Bangor for
St Thomas.
Sailed?Brigs Wm H Blckmore, George Btmharn, Rtfle W
Tucker and Hyperion; srhrs John Snow, HenJ Strong, Pto
aon, Mary A Rice, Wm Wller, J 0 Maah, Z Snow, Mary H
Long, Herald, General Banks, Oroitmbo, Alaika, Battle Bar
kar, and May Queen (having repaired).
2uth, A M?Arrived, ship Cashmere, Boston for New Tork|
brig H B Emery, Bonaire for Boston; aebra Convoy, Alex*
andrla for Boston; J M Stevens, Maw York for Newbury
port; Praakllo, do for oo; M E lllgglna, Provlncetown tor
New York; M b Hathaway, Shulee, N8, for do; Charlta U
Denne, Boston for do: Ah hie S Oakes, Bangor for Bridge
port; Merrill O Hart, vloal Haven for Washington.
Returned?Sehr Mary A Klco.
Ballad?Ship Cashmere and all westward bound vessels.
WASHINGTON. NO, Nov 18-balled, aohr Mary Louisa*
Gaaklil, New York.
WICK FORD, Nov 18?Bailed, aohr J H Youmana, Cooke*
New Yore.
1>USCKL,LANBUUS.
Attractivb goods
at manufaoturcri' prices
arriving dally from
ptircbaaea made for eaah by lha uoUerslgaM during hla let*
visit to Europe.
French China and Deoersted Dinner and Tea Seta. 0lass
ware, Sheffield and Birmingham Goods, Pitted ware, Cutlery,
fine nets PUlo-Warmers and House PurulshingQooda or Ml
kinds. EDWARD D. RAsaFORD.
Ooepvr Iastlimat
Absolute divorces legally obtained from
tba courts of different Stales. No pubiloity. Advise
free. Notary Public and CommUiloner for avarr Stat*.
p. L KING OouiisaUor-at-Law. 383 SroaJway.
Absolute divorces legally obtainrd in
different States; desertion, Ao., euffieleet eanae; Bo
pablloity; no charge until divorce granted. Advice free.
M. HuUSK^Attorney. 188 Broadway.
ASK. YOUR OROCKR FOR nOOLEV8 YE ART POW.
PER, tba best Baking Powder for preparing BMsonita,
Rolls, Bread. Urlddla Cakes, Waffles, do. Depot 68 New
street, Mew York.
FTOKNS, BUNIONS, NAILS, KNJMjf,
O Warts. Ac., cured without pain. RICK 8 ANN1HILATOH
cares Corns, Bunions, chilblains. Ae.; by mnlleBa,
Dr. RICK, 118 Broadway, oornsr FoMoa street.
of tbe feet with my great Indian Remedy tot Coma and
Bunions.
RffBDICAL AND SURGICAL (^NBULTATTONA.?R.
M COHbBTT, M. D., graduate of the 1. V. University
(Medical College) end R. 0. of Surgeons, London, can be con
sulted with confidence on disease*. A predion of 60 year* en
ables him to guarantee permanent cures or no charge. Office
9# tonu? sweet, near Clmmbers. Hours, 8 A. M. UlTe P. M.
O MORh MEDIOINB- 10MO CUBES OF DYSPEPSIA,
Phthisis, Conatipation. Diarrhme, Liver and Nervoa#
Daoreera, hy DU BARKI S delicious
RBVALBNTA ARABICA FOODi,
whleb saves Bfty times Its coat in med ctnaA
DU BaRRY a oa, ItDey street. Hew York.
N
OTICH.
BABCOCK
FIRE KXTINGU1SHF.R,
Offices: 607 Urosdwey, New York;
688 Wabash avenue, Chleege.
All partlee are warned against manufacturing, buying or
using Are extinguishers of any kind In which water lm?reff
aeia.l mettH oa eKoni n aolJ 1. ....A >L ..A._ _
muj MIKU III WHI6B WBiBI lutv
nated with carbonic add gas Is used as the extinguishing
meet, escapt those manufactured by our oompany, or ot
duly lloenaeo and aulhoriie I by ua, oo pain of Immed
f"r Infringement,
V. FAAwklL, 8. M. MOOEB,
IKW LAKLIN, J! B. HTILLSGK.
'ACOBS, F. W. FAKWKlL,
Directors Northwestern (Bah ork)
Fire Kiilnguiabar OompaaR
gOK. EDMUND BURkK 1 _
ON. CHARLES UlTCHboCK.J Ogune*
AYIB A, BUBB? 1.