WASHINGTON.
Proclamation by tbo President
on Spanish Reciprocity.
The Senate's Set-To on Amnesty?Much
Said and Nothing Done.
The House Song to Empty
Benches.
Sukt Bessie, Olympia and Josie Wooing
Their Way to the Ballot Box.
Washington, Dec. 21,1871.
Abolition of Discriminating Dutleo by Spoiw?
Preclamntloa by tbo President.
The following proclamation was Issued to-day Dy
President Grant, relating to the reciprocity wltf\
Spam:?
a PROCLAMATION BT THS riUKSIDBNt OB THB
TTilTBD STATES.
Whereas satisfactory information has bs en re
reived by me through Don Manrlco Lopez rtonerts,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenly otentlarr
of Bis Majesty the King of Spain, that t'a4 govern,
meat of that country has abolished dp .criminating
rtutlet heretofore Imposed on merchaty aiae imported
from all other countries, excepting the Islands of
Caba and Porto Rico, mto Spain t nd the adjacent
islands. In vessels of the United states, the said
abolition to take effect from o'nd after the 1st of
January next.
Now, Otorefore, I, Ulysses's. Grant, President
w>f the United Stales of Ame'ilca, by virtue of the
authority vested in me by ao acvbf songress of the
7th day'Of January, 1824, and 1# an a?t m addition
thereto of the 24th day of MA* 1828, do hereby de
clare *nd proclaim that on and after the said 1st
day of Janmary next, se long as merchandise im
ported from any other country, excepting the islands
of cnoa and Porto Rico, into the ports of Spain,
and'the islands adjacent thereto, tu vessels belong
tngUo (Atlzcns of the United States, shall be ex
empt lxom discriminating duties, any such dunes on
mdrctmadise imported into the United States In
Span ma veaaels, excepting from the islands of Cuba
and 'Porto Rtoo, shall be dlscontinned and abolished.
in testimony whereof I have bercuulo set my
fraud and oamed the seal of the United states to be
^frfflaed.
J gene at the city of Washington, ibis ninoteenth
day of December, ta 1 he year of onr Lord one
thousand eight hundred and aeventy-one, and
of the independence of toe United States of
America the ninety-sixth.
U. a GRANT.
By the President: Maxilton Fish, Secretary of
fromwer After Samana asd Owe Tarn Proof,
dent*-.The ScMte Dobaleo All Pay sad
Adjourn* Wltboot Acting on the Amnesty
Bill.
The Senate was engaged all day at Its favorite
pastime or Ogbiiug shadows. The Amnesty bth,
passed by the House last session, was toe order of
tbo day, hot the result was different from what has
?wou confidently expected. Senator Anthony was
In the on air, and the morning hour was mainly oon
anmed in the offering of mils.
lie. Sumner opened anew battery by the presen
tment a proposition for an amendment, making
the President ineligible tor re-election. In
order to prevent misconstruction he amended the
resolution, so that It Mould not take effect tui tho
tmgmutug oX the next term. The Massachusetts
feenator also wanted Samana Baj investigated, to
wluch Mr. Oonkiing, (or toe administration wing,
hastily agreed, it is understood thai, acting under
Mr. Wilson's advice, toe edict Has gone from the
White House that no obstaole be thrown in the way
of any demand for investigation. Mr. Thurman
wanted Mr. uoldtnwane, or Alabama, sworn in.
Objection being made It went over till after tbe
Holidays. The claimant is used to this result, his
case having oeeu going over for twelve months
At one o'clock discussion on the General Amnesty
bill was resumed. Mr. sunnier urged his Supple
mentary Civil Rights bill as an amendment to the
pending one, whereupon Mr. Thurman raised a
point or order to the effect that it was not admis
sible, being matter which might he passed upon by
a majority vote, while the removal or consiltutlonal
disqualifications required the concurrence of two
,3thIrds of both houses. Mr. Truiabull raised
the further point that a measure removing
d tsgualllleations did not require tbe approval of the
j-i undent, being m that respect, under the constltu
tie tr, in a position similar to that ot an amendment,
lie broached this theory, but did not insist on It as
a p unit of order. An interesting debate oocurred
betv reen the Illinois Senator ana Mr. Carpenter,
tne 1 titer having presented as objections some re
mark ably literal renderings of provisions contained
in tot ^legislative article. He was soon glad to re
treat troin an untenable position. Mr. Oonkllng
took wound In favor of the germane char
acter c f Mr. Semner'e amendment. Mr. Edmunds
sustain* hi Mr. Thnrman. Mr. Sumner blmsell made
au-effec uve reply to tbe point of order, and then
made a jsecullar speech la support of tbe objects he
nougl-t. .His remarks were especially directed to
Bcnsaor Alteorn, and had the effect of securing from
that gentle man, at a later stage, a very telling reply.
Mr. Thurman argued his point of ort^tr at length,
and tue (thair ruling against ir he took
an appeal. Mr. Sawyer urged the passage
of the amnesty's! a measure of high publ ic policy,
demanded.for the ease of peace. He wair exceed
ingly severe* in his strictures on the states*! minis
tration of South Carolina. The debate o ver tho
points raised by Mr. Thurman brought the Senate
to near lour o'clock, tbe hour agreed upon fo.r clos
ing general deuate. It was evident from the lira t that
there would beau effort made to load the bill with
amendments, tu the expectation of dcla) tng
any action till after the recess. The vote on the?ap
peal was 28 to 2?. Tho votes on all the amend men ta
were quite close, with the exception of one offere 1
by Mr. IVllson. which was evidently badly wordet 1
or wholly misunderstood. The democrats all sus
tained Mr. Thurman, as did also Messrs. Hamlin,
Morrill, of Maine, HiU. Illtcboock, Lewis, Logau,
luce, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Trutubuil
and Tipton.
Mr. Sumner's proposition was the next question,
the Senate being la Committee of the Whole, ou that
tbe vote stood 29 to 80 In the negative. Besides the
democrats were Messrs. Alcorn, Fenton, Ferry, of
Connecticut; Bill, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, I'ool,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Stewart, Tlptou
and Trumbull?Hi teen republicans. Several of
these gentlemen announced their votes were not
cam against the principles of Mr. Sumner's amend
ment, but with tbe ooQvlctlon that Its passage
would insure the defeat of amnesty. After this
was temporarily disposed of. s number of amend
ments were presented, debated and voted down,
with one exception. Messrs. Edmunds, Morton aud
Wilson offered amendments, providing that persons
who had remained in Congress or oertalu executive
offices till after the rebellion, and then joined, should
continue disqualified.
The object of these amendments was quite plain.
There is one Senatorial case. Governor Vance, of
North Carolina, nbicU would be affected, It Is
claimed, by the pending bin. Those who opposed
the amendments argued that the present removal
of disqualifications relieved no man of the conse
quence of any flagrant violation of the law, ancb as
endeavoring to obtain office from tbe holding of
Winch he was Inhibited. Another class of amend
Menu ware designed to prevent amnestied persons
from King regarded as loyal In the matter
of war claims. It was argued that the
Supreme Court had decided tnat uncon
ditional amnesty or pardon restored all
rtghta, while those who opposed the amendments
declared amnesty could not lie construed to extend
MayiNsd political disqualifications, as mentioned In
kh? tnird section of (be fourienih amendment.
These propositions were rejected. Another set of
MsMOduients were alined at (he Ku Ktux; one ex
alt persons who could be proven to have
Men engaged In snch transactions. ?r. rratt
proposed that every amnestied person abou.d
be required to make oath that he had not
been engaged for twelve months previously
in such transactions. These were also re
jected. The only amendment carried was one
offered ny Mr. Morton declaring that amnesty she',!
not be construed as validating any one's tit'ie ,0
office who had been disqualified at the time 0f his
election. The vote stood on this 29 to 25. Tho
democrats present, of coarse, voted "'^o," as did
Messm. Alcorn, Kenton, Hill, Hltc'-lCOCgi Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan. Morrill of Maine, R,ce, Robinson,
bchurz, Sherman, Stewart, Tl' Trumbull and
West, Quite a number of 8ei\aton were absent. As
the hours waned It became evt<jent the bill was tort.
This maae tnemanUeslar',on8 0t its friends of rather
an atrabilious order, yrtim the committee rose
and Mr. Sumner agrjUI moved his amendment, Mr.
Kellogg, of Louis' jua, read him a lecture tn an ex
cited manner. A good deal of temper was shown,
and when C.neral l.oaran took the door, declaring
that amem' menta WBre pressed only fbr defeat, and
that sonr >tor8 desired chiefly to manipulate the mat
ter to k nr. Vance ont of bis seat, good, easy
mane >srlng men, like Mr. WBson, deemed it time to
luKi,sotbe Senate, after being la continuous ses
B< .on for over sewn hours, adjourned without accom
piishing any practical raaait. Amnesty, however, ts
not dead, hut ts snre to pass after the holidays. The
best repuhitcaiiB are greatly dt3satisfled at the petti
ragging of the question, which was so apparent
throughout the proceedings.
The IIohmc la U?wral Debate?Thrilling Re*
mark* to Uuipty Beaches?A Pro.Stavcry
FomH from IbUaaourl.
There were not mofe than thirty members in
their seats to-da$. The house met as 4n Oom
mitte of the Whole, Mr. Moore, or Illinois,
In the chair. Wr. Harris, of Virginia, read a
speech upon the concurrent resolution of March 2,
1M7, directing ?be United States officers not to make
pay menu to any/one who was engaged In or who
sympathized a/ith the late rebellion. He claimed
that such action was unconstitutional, and urged the
governmeut to forget the past. Mr. Sheldon, of
Loulsiaua, sp oke upon the subject of the Mississippi
levee. Me.'Ritchie, of Maryland, spoke against the
spirit and "work of the republican party, and Mr.
Bialr, of Missouri, sung the praises of universal
amneatyand defended the institution of slavery, to
which fefs colleague, Mr. Parker, indignantly replied
that h% was the only man from that State who
wonld attempt at this nonr to defend human
slavepyt Mr. Burdett, or tne same State, protested
in the name of the men and women of Missouri
against any -any sucn monstrous assumption. At
tbe close of Mr. Burden's remarks the House ad
journed to Monday, January 8, 1872.
The Retrenchere to Recta With New York.
The Committee on Investigation and Retrench
ment hart-a meeting this morning, and alter arrang
ing some .matters of detail connected with their
organisation agreed to meet In New York on the 3d
l of January to commence their examinations at
that point, under authority of the tienate instruc
tions.
The Alleged Treasury Fronde.
Representative Lynch, Chairman of the special
committee authorised to investigate the alleged
iraudstn the Treasury Department, has signified bis
intention of accepting as tne report of the special
committee the report of tbe committee appointed by
Secretary Bontwell, now investigating aflairs in tbe
department.
Illness of the President's Father.
President Grant has received a despatch from
Covington announcing that bis father was stricxen
with paralysis, hut that- he Is not oonsldered
dangerously ill.
The Navy Thinks of Chicago.
A despatch to the Secretary 01 the Navy from
Captain Moholson, commanding the flagship Lan
caster, of the North Atlantic fleet, encloses a draft
for ?80 sterling, contributed by the commander-tn
chlaf, officers and crew of that vessel for the Caicago
fire sufferers.
The "Howling Sisterhood" Want to Be
Heard.
Elizabeth Cady -Stanton, Isabella Beecher Hooker,
Biuutbeui s. Diiuieu, uiympla Brown, ausan B. An
thony and Josephine S. Grilling have united in a
memorial presented to Senator Trumbull to-day and
referred to tbe Committee on tbe Judiciary, asking
for tne enactment of a lawgiving female suffrage,
and asking that iney may be permuted in person,
and in beu&lf of the thousands of other women who
are petitioning Congress to the same effect, to be
heard upon this memorial before the Senate and
House at an early day ol tbe present session.
Internal Revenue Appointments.
Tbe following Assistant Assessors were op
peiuted to-day:?Thomas J. Ross, Sixth district of
Iowa; Richard A. Wails, First district of Michigan;
William barn sitae, Thirty-eighth district of New
York.
Tbe following gaugcrs were also appointed:?
William J. rack, Filth district Missouri; John U.
Young. Fourth district Maryland.
Presidential Nomination*.
The President sent the following nominations to
the Senate to-day:?
Jolin A. Place, to lie Assessor of Internal Revenue
for the Twenty-third district of New York, and
Clark Senter, to be Collector for the Ninth Ohio dis
trict.
liistmaster/i?Prospect Cravalt, at White Water,
Miss.; a. J. McCoy, at Beaver Dam, Wis.; Miss Lee
H. Handle, at Oxford, Miss.; K. E. LeacUmuu, at
Meridian, Miss.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Continuation of the Gubernatorial Impeach,
meat Fight?The Bowenltea Outmanoeuvring
Che Scoultea?Thej Defence Put In by tbe
Hu Klux Offenders.
COLUBi.IA, P. C\, Dec. 21, 1871.
In the House of Representatives to-day the qucs.
tlon or the impeachment of Governor Scott was
again bronght forward, and aita nlmated discussion
was inaugurated.
The Bowenites, nowevcr, rearing, It la said, the
attitude the Governor had taken in collecting lus
mends, and alarmed by the vehemence with which
tbe Gubernatorial allies assailed them yesterday, de
termined to dolay the contest, and, although in a
minority, managed to keep the floor of the House
until the hour Oxcd lor adjournment.
They say they will hold it all day to-morrow, after
which the house will adjourn until the 6tli of
January next. no vote being taken the question of
the impeachment will be left open until after the
holidays. Tins is considered a decided victory for
the impeaohoni.
The Governor's friends tried several times to force
tbe impeachment vote, but were defeated,
in the Ku Klux Court, to-dav, the delence Intro
I duced testimony to snow that threats of w hipping
and burning the whites preceded the outrages upon
colored persons.
a number of Indictments were presented by tho
1 fraud Jury, who were discharged till uext week.
RAILROAD ACCIDENTS.
I,on of Llfb on ike Connellsville and Pitts.
l>?r a and Male Miami Railroads?Tbe
|Occi 'P?ots of Private Vehicles la Kach Case
Kille d?
PiTTSnrno, Dec. 21,1871.
Tbe ma 11 train East on the Pittsburg aufl Con
nellsvlUe i 'tauroad ran on a broken rail yesterday
noon, nea r Wesl Newton, Pa. The irain was
ttirowd frot 1 ,ue fracks, pitching the express car
into tbe rive r a?" Injuring tbe messenger seriously.
Fifteen perso. were Injured, two fatal'/.
Cincinnati, Dee. 21, 1871.
Last night i ibonr nine o'clock, as the passenger
train was corntt V ,nto ",e clt? OD the Little Miami
Railroad, It tan agalnat a wagon containing leu
persona, killing ue-Mlss Bradley?lust an Uj, and
seriously Injurlni' ''?J named Ware. Mrs.
Walker who reside 'Tennessee, was also injured.
This wagon was tL loremoat of a lot oi wagons
which took the pa '-"engers from the Maysvilie
steamer, which is trot 00 ?P Moscow, twenty.flve
miles above this place.
The bystanders say it'** ""driver of this wagon
was drunk. The train \Was moving at the rate of
lour miles per hour. The wagon was passing along
the road, which at tbt* pot nt ruua parallel with me
track. The driver drew the horses on the track Just
in time for the locomotive to,atrike tneiu.
Nkw Havkn, .Conn., Dec. Jl, 1871.
A iraln on the New Haven *nd Derby Railroad
was thiown from the track near Derby to-day and
went over an embankment twelve ,fe?t high several
pas-angers were badly injured. Tl 0 accideut was
caused uj an expanded ruL
Bl'RINUPIKl.n, Mass., D?. 21,1871.
Chester o. Wood, engineer, was aerlot*"'/ scalded
by a collision of freight trains on the Be'"inn and
Albany Railroad, near Palmer, this afternoo n- The
engine and four cars were wrecked and tht>' track
blockaded, delaying passenger trains several he'ura.
The Department of Public Parka announce* that
Macomo'a Dam Bridge will be open to public travel
Iroui and after w-duy uulii further uotic*
IflE HA7ADJA BUrCHERY.
Nummary t)f the formpomlenee Accompanying
the President's Message on the Subject.
The State and Navy Departments* Action
In Cuban Affairs.
Washington, Dec. 21,18 Tl.
The President to-day sent a brier message to the
Bouse of Representatives in response to a resolu
tion offered by General Banks on the 6th instant,
requesting information relating to the execution of
tne medical students at ilavaua and the failure of
the Spanish government to carry ont tn its West
India colonics the reforms voluntarily promised by
the statesmen til Spain.
Tne correspondence commences as far back
as September 13, 1870. In November of that
year t-vcreiary Ftsu addressed United states
Minister Sickles a letter la which the Int.
ter was instructed to represent to the
Spanish government the strong desire to have en.
forced tuc decree of emanclpUlion of slavery in t he
Spanisn West India colouies. Spain owed It to
herself to fulfil the just expectations of the civilized
world In this respect. She owes It to the United
States to carry out In -good fuitlt the repeated
pledge.
Minister Sickles to Secretary Fish, January 19.
1871, says"He lurnuhed the MlnUter of the Colo
nies with a copy of the letter's note
respecting the question of slavery and politi
cal reforms in Cuba and Porto Rico. The
Minister lniortned him thnt the law passed by tno
Constituent Cortes the 23d of June, 1870, has been
fulfilled and obeyed tn all its parts In Cuba from
tbe date of its publication, although tne absence
of regulations for Its execution makes it neces
sary that what would have otherwise been a
matter of mere form shall be made :he basU for
regular forms providing lor the clear determination
of each case. In order that the execution or the
law may suffer no obstruction the Minister has
determined a basis to servo as a starting point
and has transmitted It to tbo Councillor or State,
subject to the provisions or law, In order that the
definite regulations for carrying out the decree la
question may he taken up without delay."
Secretary Fish, on February 28 last, instructed
Minister Sickles to conitnuo to urge the lulhlmeni
ot the emancipation decree and other promised re
tue papers is a letter from Vtce Consul
General Hall lo Assistant Secretary of State
rtotiCi November giving a clrcumsiantial account
of me anoa? uLecrai?ou 01 tUe grave ot Castanon,
the Key West martyr, as lie was HelU to be by a por
^JSSKSSSJt^!^ so. M?.
^r???ors?!rwo!i,?'SwStr?TKjSi2rf.
rat? jsssss st
Sod to compromise with them by ordering
a arum-head court martial to try the prisoners. It
waa iouud necessary, to prevent a more serious
that some, at least, of the youug men
should be sacnflced. The court martial, composed
of c^iuai numbers of regular and volunteer onicers,
LTnca at wo o'cidck in the morning, aud at
ih? sentences were given out. The execution
place at five in the afternoon, np to which
hm.r the volunteers kept up their demonstrations be
the or^n and the palaoc. Throughout the whole
ol this affair ttie government displa) ed Us utter help
lessiiess in dealing with such an emergency. The
regular loroe at lis command was tasigniflcaut,
while that of the volunteers was large, readily con
cetitrated, and, as in this Instance, when nearly
u"ir?"a?? iTSSSi'"&? ft!
were well lounded apprehensions that a general
massacre of Cubans was Intended, and this pos
slbly may be attributed us one of tne ?ouv^ for
a compromise with the volunteers and the sacrifice
of the young men. Hence he sent the following
telegram:? Novkmum 27, 1871.
Volunteer demonstration ogamst authority of government.
USJLU J
So mfvaf commanders of tne Umtad States In
Cuban waters for tne protection of the lives ana
property of American citizens and to main tarn tie
Sigmty ot me American nag. The Secretary rur
U\(s ucncral attu specific instructions. The
first is to Hear Admiral Hoil, dated April 7, 1869, in
whicn he says:?
Am,Mia are constantly made to you for the protection or
nelsons some ofwhotn are juatly entitled to it, while others
Rave ou'lr a claim to your syraoaihy and friendly olllcea. You
must exerciee your beat judgment ana discriminate In auch
cmm Buta.l citlzeusor the e nited Slates, native born or
naturalized, In Cuba engaged In lawrul pursuit*, respecting
the laws of ihe country and taking no part In the measures
to overthrow the government, are entitled loyuur protection
raj?" mSS<?? n?i ?ro?
Admiral Hoffthat?
l'.enorw came to the Department, through the preti and
telegram., of several American vessel* burns been searched
i,J v..in ah meu-of-war In British water* and on the high
road of nation* in the Gulf of Mexico. While the United
state* Government wlihe* to obierv* strict neutrality In re
gird w^he SlmcuuTe. now exl.tlng In the Island of Cuba
thev cannot consent that our merchant ve*aela
shall be molested In their lawtul pursuits, or over
hauled aud examined, unless they are found committing
lotne violation ol Spanish authority. This they can only do
bv landing arms and munitions of war. 1 hi* is a subject In
Wh ch the i Ulted Slates have always beon very sensitive,
7m on wble they went to war with Great Britain In 1812.
Wnile you are in no way lo interfere in the dilhcultles now
existing bi Cuba, or to compromise the government by taking
part with either aide, It will be Vour duly to givo lull pro
tection to American citizens and American commercei when
ever an opportunity occur* for you to do so. This Is the par
ticular object for which a naval force Is, at ibis moment, kept
in Cuban watert.
In an order to Rear Admiral Poor, dated June a,
l87o, Hie secretary ol tue Iiavy says, among other
things:?
it i* desired that you should keep some of your vessels sta
tioned on the north and south end. of the aland of Cuba, or
at such ports a. the so-called Insurgent, should convene at
for escipe Irom the island White the Department
does not desire that you should seek opportunity, to
eiuMiurage these dlstreesed persons to seek the protection
of the United Slates flag, you will In no case rei use them
shelter on board the vessels of your tleet; and when they are
once under the protection of the flag their person. and pro
neriv wlll be held aacred against the Interferencs of the
Spanish authorities. In no esse will you give up any nerson
escaping from tba Island except by authority from this
Department.
Oil March 24, 1870, the Secretary of tne Nary in
structe<l Hear Admiral Poor to proceed to Santiago
de Cuba and inquire luio the treatment of the
American Vice oouaul ana citizens, and Admiral
Poor having reported the result of his movement,
the Secretary of the Navy wrote to him saying:?
??Your action In all things approved."
In the instructions to Rear Aomlral Poor, dated
April lb, 1870, the Secretary, among other things,
^Whlto you will be rsrefu' In any contingency which may
srise to psv due respect to fbe sovereignly of the nstloue
Jo" will take care at all limes to maintain in* right and
dignity of your own.
information having heed received that affairs
were much disturbed in the Eastern Department of
cuba and summary arrests aud executions con
stantiy takinjr paice, ami that mere was a
dangerous and disorderly siuto of affairs
in that quarter which uilirht affect aome of
our citizens aud interests, tho following
instructions were sent by the Secretary of the Navy
to Rear Admiral Lee on the 19ili of July, 1871:?
As soon ss possible ?rter the receipt hereof visit Santiago
Op Cuba In the Severn, or send some otter vessel of your
fleet to that port and elsewhere In the vicinity for the protec
tion, If necesesry, o! our cuireoi and interests.
The Secretary of tue Navy wrote to Rear Admiral
Lee August 18, 1871, as lollows:?
Your despatch of the 5th lost, relating to the Hornet was
duly received. In answer, vou were instructed on the 11th
Insl bl telegraph to send u vessel lo Port su Prince lo In
quire Into the subject. Mr. Bsssett'e request for a naval
vessel lopioceed to I ort au Prince bsviug been compiled
with, that it presumed lo be tuOlcieul action for llie present.
On the 28th oi November, 1871. Information was
received through tho Department of State of great
excitement among the Spanish volunteers in lia
vaua, and of the proceedings which aiierwards re
sulted in trie execution ot Hie students mentioned
111 the resolution ot the House. The situation of
affairs appeared to be greatly disturbed, and to
threaten serious danger to the persons,
liroiicrty und interests of our citizens
residing' there. In lew of tills situation tho follow
ing telegraphic orders were sent by direction of the
<-ecrctnry of the Navy from Rear Admiral Lee to tho
Commander of the monitor Terror, theu at Kev
West and to the commanders ol Hie united .suites
steamers Nipsic and Kausss, respectively, at I'cnsa
rola and New York, aud lo the commandauw of
tue Navy Varus aiRensacola and New York:
Navy Dti'ABrnxNT, J
Washington, Nov. 87, litfl?7 P. M.?
Urgent?To Commodore WsaT**, commanding Iron-clsd
Terror. Key Wcgl, KIi.:~
Proceed forthwith with the Terror under your command to
Havana: communicate Immediately and co-operate with
Consul fienersl Hall, lor llie protection uf American citizen*
and Inierests, telegraph tuneoi receiving this: also as lo
actual departure from Key West and arrival at Havana; uss
utmost despatch; disregard ah conflicting instructions.
By order of the SitreUry of the *?vy.
B. p. Lhk, Hear Admiral,
Commando, f North Atlantic fleet.
The same orders were sent at the same unie to
Commander William P. Mcca.n?, commanding
the Nipsic, at I'ensacola, and to CouUosonder Chester
Hatfield, commanding tne Kansas, at New York.
They were repeated to tho lust named officer by res
becretary of the Navy, directly at the tftwfeatlon of
the President, aud the Commanders or Njs Navy
Yards at Pensaools and Now York were ordered to
n*e all means to expedite the deprrture of the
ships, in pursuance of these orders commande'.f
Weaver arrived In the hariior of Havana with the
fnlied Htales iron clad Terror at eight o clock A. M.,
imki j. ajj?i puiiuuself in cuinmuiiicaUon with the I
C'on?ul GeneralI of tv,# rnitcrt fltnto*. She was fol
lowed by the 11 Hteaiuer Nipsic, at 011?
0 clock, on ti? 0j December. and by the Kan
sas. at six o'clock, la the nitci noon of the follow,
rag d".V. On the 6th instant i omraander Weaver,
the senior ortlcer present, called upon the Captain
'aftneral in oompany with the Commander of the
Nipsl$ and Consul General Hull. He reports that
he met with a courteous reception, and that at the
date of his despatch, on tho 9tn iMiant, the city of
Havana was quiet and orderly.'
PRESENTATION TO JIDfiE BARRETT.
A I'lcadsg A 11b 1 r?speeches of Air. Lylily
and tlie Juil?f>.
A vecy pleasing affair took place last evening at
the residence of Judge Barrett, on West Twenty
eighth street. The Junior members of the New York
Bar have been for some time contemplating the
Idea of a presentation to the distinguished lawyer,
m admiration of his conduct since the contest
was first commenced against the Ring. There was
considerable discussion as to what form the pre
sentation should take, but it was Anally decided, on
the suggestion of Mr. I.yddy, that It should consist
01 a has relief bronze bust of the Judge. The commis
sion to execute the work was giveu to Mr. Byron
M. Plckitt, and the lrult of his labors rctteots the
highest honor on him as an artist. The likeness is
au admirable one, and when it is considered that
Mr. Pickitt never saw Judge Barrett, and had
nothing bat a portrait ol Bunny's to
guide blm, the credit due to him is
Ml the greater. The bust bears the
inscription:?"Presented to Mr. George E. Barrett by
the lunior members of the New York Bar." Among
the promitient lawyers present last event g at the
presentation were Uoratio Kicc, 11. s. Clinton,
Jungo Reynolds, a. A. KeUAeld, s). Courtney, A. R.
Lawrence, A. Joley and me mcinoers of ttie com
mittce who Had charge ol the arrangements. On
the part ol the members of the Bar
MR. OANIKL R. I.YDDY
made a very neat mile speech. He said the occa
sion luat brought them together was a very pleas
aut one; but there nad been some misconception
relative to the presentation, particularly on .ne
part of the Wurta, winch had published an article
thai entirely misrepresented both the motives of the
members of tue Bar in presenting and of Judge
Barren In receiving the gilt, Hie origin ot the affair
was simple. At the conclusion oi ihe trial in the
matter of ihe Ecley in junction, which had been so
nobly fougut by Mr. uarreit to so successful an
issue, winch was tne first blow the lUug
received, his fellow lawyers deemed it u gracelul
uct on their part to acknowledge by some token
(heir
ADMIRATION OK DI8 CONDt'CT.
This was long before he was even named as a can
didate lor Justice of the Supreme court, but Mr.
Barren refused to receive the bust previous to tlie
election, so that none could suy it was a dodge to
catch votes. Tne personal character of Judge Bar
rett was knowu to them all, and bis political con
duct had becu endorsed by h.i.oou at a tune when
every vote was careiully considered, lie had great
pleasure in benaif of the oai in presenting the oust.
JUDOS BAR REIT,
in reply, said that the ordeal m which he was
piuced was one of the most unusual ones In his lire,
lie was more accus.omed to speak tor others tlmn
lor himself, ana an atmosphere where there were
conflict ana discussion was more suneu to uis
nature thau a unanimous gathering Use what he
saw belore him. He lelt exceedingly proud of the
compliment conveyed to mm bv the gut of ihe
iieauuiui wcrkot art which no saw before him, and
lelt proud of the confidence displayed In him by
his letlow members oi the prolession. But, sinking
personality, there was au idea underlying
the affair which me was giad to re
cognize, as it marked the dawn of a
new aud a better era in the h.story of the city. It
was no longer necessary In order to attain to place
and power to barter personal honor and iruckie to
tne corrupt power wnich had so long ruled the city.
Heretofore, In order to Insure success, it was neces
sary to descend to the vilest oi means, and the
position of a young man wno wished to preserve his
uitegrity and independence was hard indeed, un
the one hand there were wealth and place and
power, and on the other, privation, laoor and
uncertainty; aud it required more than a Spar
tan's courage to prefer tue less attrac
tive and barren path. Now, however,
thanks to tne victory tnat lias oeen gained, a young
man can, without sacrificing nls independence,
gratiry his honorable and laudable ambition by lair
and utmost means. In mmself, ne believed that ne
might suy, without flattery, tnere was au Instance
oi one who had never owed success to tne influence
ot tne tools of corruption, and what had been
achieved by him was wlthiu the reach of all who
would only fairiy and nonorablv strive. lie was
grateful for the honor, bnt far more pleased at the
recognition of tms principle.
SHIPPING NEWS.
Almanac lor New York i'nie Dar.
Sun rises 7 21
Sun sets 4 36
Moon sets, .morn 3 16
High water, morn 4 50
OCEAN STEAMERS.
D1T18 or DE TARTUKB FROM KIW TOR* FOR TBS
MONTHS or DKCEMBKH AND JANUARY.
Steamer. Saiti Destination. OJiot.
CU? ot New Y'rk Dec 23...iLiverpool 116 Broadway
Australia
America
Wyoming.
CUt ot Baltlm're
Main
hi. Laurent.
Eurona. Dec 80
Cltv ot Wash'tonjJan 6
Oceanic. Jan 6
India
Britannia
Washington
Out of London..
Atlantic.
Dec 87...
Dec 30..
Dec 80..
Dec 30..
Dec 23...|Glaagow........
Dec 23... I Bremen
Llveroool
LiTerpooi
Bremen
Haere
Glasgow
Liverpool
Liverpool......
Glasgow
Glasgow
Havre
Liverpool......
Liverpool
Jan 6..
Jan 18..
Jan 18..
Jan 18..
Jan 80..
7 Bowline Green
2 Bowline Green
28 Broadway.
13 Broadway.
2 Bowiing Green
tD Broadway.
7 Bowline Green
18 Broadway.
13 Broadway.
i Bowdng Green
7 bowline Green
58 Broadway.
15 Broadway.
19 Broadway.
PORT OF HEW YORK, DECEMBER SI, 1871.
CLEARED.
Rteatnali'p Tyrlan (Br). Grelg. Liverpool?Henderson
Broe.
Steamship Titian (Br, Ruchanan, London?Bruce A Co.
Steamahlp Tvbee, Delanoy, hamana. Port au Plait, Ac?
BpoSord Broa A Co.
Steamship Columbia, Tan Sice, Havana?Atlantic Mall
Steamahlp Co.
bteamanip H Livingston, Cbeeseman. Savannah?Livings
ton, Fox A Co.
Steamship South Carolina, Beckett, Cnarleston?U R Mor
gan A Co.
Steamsnip Albemarle, Couch. Norfolk, CUy Point and
Richmond?Old Dominion Steamship Co.
Steamahlp Chesapeake. Johnson, Portland?J F Ames.
Ship Pearl of India (Br), Johnston, Liverpool?K li Mor
gan's Sons.
Ship Alexander Marshall, Gardner, Liverpool?Cbaa H
Marshall A Co.
Ship Constantlne, Creevey, London?Chas H Marshall A
Co.
Ship Erato (Br), Jones. London?R P Buck A Co.
Bark Blomldon (Br), Shaw, Havre?H J De Wolf A Co.
Bark Horatio hprasue. Small, Genoa?Fabbn A Cbauncey.
Bark Bounding Billow, Reynolds, Gibraltar and a market
?A llardv A Co.
Brig Florence (Br), Dickson, Matansas?h Sanches y
Do!*.
Brig Maud (Br), Kennedy, St Johns, NP?Hatton, Watson
A Co.
Schr Winner, Cole. Point a Pltre, Quad?F Talbot A Co.
Ruhr Pedro A i.rau, Cobb. Havana?Evans, Hall A Co.
8chr Edward Lee, Evans, Baraca B J Wenberg.
Schr Mollle, Atherton, Hamilton, Bermuda? Mtddleton A
Co.
Schr Testa, Osgood, Galveston?K M Stack pole.
Ruhr Mary Price, Bllszard, Wilmington, Del?8 Godwin A
Bon.
Schr Ann Amelia. Allen, New Haven?F N Chase.
Schr Marcua L Ward, Mulling, New Haven?A M Sarles.
Schr O C Acaen. Mead, Ktamtora.
Schr Nellie Bioomfleia, Hobble, Stamford.
ARRIVALS.
KKPORTKD BT THB HBRALD STEAM YACHTS.
SteamshipCily of New York (Br), Jones, Liverpool. Deo 7
end (jueenslown fllh. with mdse and passengers, to John U
Dale Dec 14. lat 47, Ion 40 19, exrhanced signals with a
North German steamship, bound eaat; 20th. lat 40 82, Ion
71 la, a union ateamablp, do; same day, at 8 PM, a Cunard
steamship, do.
Steamship Italy (Br), Thompson. Liverpool Deo 6 and
Ouesnstown 7th, with mdse and 309 passengers, to F W J
Hurst. First of paFssge fine weather, middle and latter part
heavy westerly gales, with very high sea; Dec 13, experi
enced a hurricane from SW, with a tremendous tea. Deo 9,
pasted the derelict ship River Dee, before reported; 10th, a
bale of cotton 12th, u Union steamship, bsund east; 181b,
?teamahip Atlantic, bence for Liverpool, and a Cunara
steamship, bound eaat.
Steamsbip Victor, Gates, New Orleans Dee 13, and the bar
14tb, with mdse and passengers, to O II Mailory A Co.
Steamahlp Zodiac, Chapln, New) em, NC, via Ilattrras
Inlet Deo 17, with mdae ana passenges, to Murray, Ferrla A
Co.
6teamshtp Volunteer, Howe. Philadelphia, wltn mdse, to
IheLorlllard Steamahlp Go
Ship Eme (Br), Sproule, Fooehow Aug 23, with teas to
i Glover A Co; vessel lo C L Wright A Go. Was 25 days from
Mauritius to Cspeof Good Hope, with tubt winds sod calms:
was otT the Cape II days, with fresh SW gales; rounded thai
point Nor 8; passed Ascension Nov IV, and crossed the
Equator 24lb In Ion 24; from Cape of Good Hope to Bermuda
had light BE trades; from thence 8 days, with strong N and
NW winds. Not 12, lat 19 39 R, Ion 1 23 W, spoke ship Gre
cian (Br), from CalcnUa for London.
Bars Aelocrat (Br), Healey, Newport 88days, with rail
way Iron to order; vessel to Boyd A llincken. Took the
southern passage, and had variable weather; whs becalmed
21 days; was IB days north of Bermuda, with heavy N and
NW gales.
Brig Proteus (Br), Carlow. Pt John, NB, 8 days, with lum
ber to Jed Frye A Co; vessel to William Ingalls. Had stioug
westerly winds most of (be passage.
I'sssed Through Hell (Jute,
BOUND SOUTH.
Steamship Robert Ingham (Br), Whltelew, Rvdney, CB.
for New York, 4 days, with coal to the International Coal
and Railway Co.
.steamship Wamsuita, Fish, New Bedford for New York,
with mdee and uateenirere. to Ferguson A Wood.
Renr Aaher H Parker, Carpenter, (hen Cove for New York.
Schr Sparkling Pea. Gow, New haven for Port Johnson.
Pchr Charter Miller, Hall, New Haven for Virginia.
Steamer Terror, Bnuw, Bucksport, Me, for New York, In
balleet, to H W Loud A Co.
Steamer Oeprey, fcenney, Pali River for Maw York, with
mdse and passengers, to Isaac Odell
Riearner Doris, tons?, Provi lenoe for Mew York, with
ndte and passtogers, to Isaac Udell.
BOUND BAST.
U R steamer getlyshurg, Cap! Hill, Brooklyn for Nsrv Lon
don, In low of a (I H tug.
steamship Chesapeake. Johnson. New YorS for PorttaitJ
Hchr K B Wbeaten, Atkins, Baltimore for Provldenea'
/passed through 20tb).
Schr L A J Oakigv. Newman.' New York for Cold Spring.
V*M
'hchr Bflas Brntnard, Bull, Weehawken for PrnvldaBM,
Bchr Olntla, I'belpa, New York for New Ha van.
Bchr Hero, Kelly, New York fer Salem.
Bchr Solo, Smith, New York for Boatoo,
Bchr John Randolph, Roblna, New t or'i f0, Maw F.adford.
Schr R L Kenny. Tborndlke, New Ytji* for Boston.
Bchr A Peters, Mllbndee, KlUane;-aporl f#r f'rovldenoe.
Bchr Belle Dennis. Smith, Kl^abatbport for Salem,
hchr Trenton, Hall, KlU_al>vhport for Portsmouth.
Bchr O Haynee, smith, Sllaabathport for Newport.
Bohr Bred Gr vy. Lake,nan, Hoboket for Chanaatown,
Bchr Moses Patten, Hobokan for Prortdeoce.
BELOW.
Ship ff Utahire BrWlngate, from Calcutta Auk 8?.
SAILED.
Steamships Tybee. for St Domingo, Ac: Columbia, Havana
and Key Weet; If Livingston, Savannah; South Carolina,
Charleston Aloemarle, Richmond, Ac.
uvicivifD i AiucuiRi to, nicuoionu, ffa
Brom Quarantine?U S lighthouse steamer Fern, for San
Francisco; harks PSoomx. Queensto wn; Alliance, do; Cou
rier, Wilmington, NO.
Shipping No tea.
Ice made Ha appearance In the baya and rivers yesterday
for the first time this winter. In very large quantities, chok
ing up al< the ferry slips on the North River and in Brook
lyn, but, being of a very light nature, does not interfere with
navigation to any extent
The railway oar before reported seen In 1st 33 70, Ion 73 68,
by echr Ella Hodsdon, at this port from Para. w?? washed
overboard from schr Haggle Cain, jgg'l, from P',4nc??ip.iia
Nov ?1 for Galveston.
Marine Disasters,
Stfamrhip Mima Thomas (Br), from Ntw York for Llv
erpool (belore reported), was abandoned on Sunday, 31 inst,
In lat 50 18, ion 03; she lost propeller, and was in a sinking
condition. The crew were taken off by tbe Cunard steamer
Aleppo and lauded at Queenatown 7th inst
Ship Urn Chamhfri,ain, Morse, from Guanape via Fal
1 mouth, E, Dec 6, for Hamburg, with guano, Is reported by
cable aa totally wreoked at Haack prior to 191b inst. She
touched at Falmouth. R, for or
??n, iu, ..rders oi the 5th of Dec, and
lost after entering the North Sea. Tbe G C waa 1361
tons register, and was built ,n 11-69 at Bath, Me, where alio
was owned by J P Morse and others.
Ship John Stpnet, Hartlett, from Fleetwood for Charles
ton, which put Into Savannah 18tb Inst short of provisions,
reports a territto gale In lat 47 05, ion 13 43. and sprung fore
mast and loat foretopsiui. lu lat 38, lat 74 35, picked up a
cheat marked -'Puntcry ?6 ship," apparently but a few day*
In tbe water.
flmp Richard Robinson, Stetson, from Liverpool Nov
25 tor New York, pit' Into Qnernatown 13th InaL with loss of
rudder and leaky. Would probably return to Liverpool for
repairs.
Snir Artisan, Smith, from Cardiff for Havana, which
put Into Queenatown Oct 17, leaky, has been abandoned.
Ship Atmospheric (Br), Oram, from Havre Sept 29 ror
Savannah, put buck to the Downs 19th I
inst, leaky.
Bakk Sator (Ada), Premledo, from New York Nov 18,
arrived at Queenatown 15th inst, damaged.
Bark Juno iAus), Grando, from New York Nov 7, ar
rived at Queenatown 15th lust, damaged.
Bark Manharin (NG), Akkermann, from Antwerp Oct
12 for Ban Francisco, is reported by cable as baring put Into
Pernambuco (no date), In a leaky oondltion.
Schooner Mart Franofs (of New Orleans). Barns,
from Paieagoula for Oaireaton, with lumber and shingles,
sprang a leak and capsized night of the 9th Inst, off Merroen
tcan. The captain and crewoiung to the wreck till morning,
when one of the men managed to right ana bale out a boat,
which the survivors, live in number entered aud endeavored
to make tbe land. This was a difficult task, as they bad no
osrs, and had to use some boards, with which to paddle and
steer. After remaining In this dangerous condition without
food or water for nearly fifty-two hours, they were pieced up
near Bass by schr Aspasla, Capt Hall, which landed them at
Galveston. A seaman numed Charles Uadnot was drowned
when the schooner capsized.
Bohr Excelsior, Murphy, of and from Cold Spring, LI,
far Bridgeport, Ct, collided 20th Inst with mud seows in tow
of tug T A Knickerbocker, and sunk in 8 feet of water on the
wrtt side of channel, near the Beacon, at entrance of Bridge
port harbor. The Excelsior Is owned bv Chas H Jones, of
Cold Spring, and at the time ot the accident had on board a
cargo of 80,UOO brick. A part of her deck load has been taken
off and orougnt into Bridgeport by-schr Annie E Derrlckson.
Schr M L St Pirrr Br), before renorted ashore on the
Cat Ledges, Soulhporl, Me, has been got off and towed to J
Nickeraon A Co's marine railway. West Harbor,
Bootbbay,
where she has ulscbarged her cargo of lumber, and was un
Inr
drrgolng necessary repairs 18th Thsi. Her keel, rudder and
stem are gone, stem post badly damaged and plank badly
chafed.
Schr Enterprise, Allen, from Jacksonville for New
Smyrna, Bla. with groceries and lumber, was wrecked oth
inst, inside tho bar at Mosquito Inlet; crew saved. Nearly
all tbe eargo waa lost.
Schr Hydrangea, from Millstone Point for New York,
with stone, went ashore 19th inst, on Goshen Reer, near
New London; will get off.
Schr Emma Eliza (Br), Harrlgan, from Boston for Su
rinam, before reported at Port Spain in distress, sailed for
destination 2d inst, having repaired.
Mibsino Vessels?Ship Chlmborazo (Br), Cole, sailed
from Pensaoola Sept 9 for Liverpool, and has not tinee been
heard from. She registered 879 tons, waa built at Thomaston,
Me, In 1861, and hailed from London.
Bark John Paul (Hr), Rhodes, sailed from New York Sept
23 for Dublin, with a cargo of 86,ii(M> bushels corn, and has
not since been heard of. She was 453 tons register, built at
Troon In 1867 and hailed from Ayr.
Brig Rioardo Secundo (Ital). Gaplelto, sailed from New
York Aug 80 for Gloucester, Eng. with 21,144 bushels, and
bas not since been beard of. She was 400 tons register, built
in 1866 snd balled from Naples.
Brig Duke or Buccleuch (Br), Johns, sailed from Algoa
Bay, COH, July 22 for Sandy Hook for orders, and not hav
tnx been beard of It Is feared that she Is lost. Sbs registered
190 tons and bailed from Capetown, CUH.
Fatal, Nor 24?The brig J L Pye began to load her cargo
to-.ay.
^Ilecellaneoa*.
Bchr Hki.es M Fisher, ashore on Schooner's Reef, Cit
tvhnnk. was sold at auction lwii Inst, as she lays, to Capt
Frederick Sloe urn, of Kairharen, for $40.
Whslenee.
Sailed from New Bedford 31st, bark Jlrah Perrr, Owen, for
the Arctic Ocean. The majority of her crew were selected
by J M orison Oo, 10 Sooth at, hew York.
Ship Commodore Mortis, Borden, put Into Kayal SOtta nil
for provisions and to land 400 bbls sp oil, and sailed on the
21: h.
ttark Clarice, Merchant, pnt Into Fayal 29d ult for provi
sions and to land 60 bbls sp oil, snd sailed next day.
At Faral Nor 18, bark William A Henry, of New Bedford,
condemned.
Arrived at do Nov?, brig D A Small, ot Provlncetown;
had taken nothing since leaving the West Indies.
OIT do 18tb, bark Abram Barker, or ?B; had taxen 140
bbls sd oil on her last cruise. Had 1320 bbls all told, which
had been landed at Kayal.
Sailed from St Helena Nov 2, brig Abbott Lawrence, Cleve
land, of FH, to cruise.
Bark Nautilus, Smith, of NB, waa al St Ilcloaa Nov 10, to
sail next day for Arctic.
Bark Avola, Bmtrne, of NB, was at Kema Sepi 3ft, with 86
bbls sp oil since last repor!,
A letter from ship Ceylon, at Honolulu, reports the Eu
rope, of Kdgartown, went on in chargo of the mate for a
short cruise, and took E 76 bbl sperm whale In sight of the
Island.
A letter from Capt Baker, lata of ship Young Phtrnlg, of
NH, dated Fayal Novl, states tbnt he has le? The vessel on
account of severs sickness, and he would probably return
home via England. The ship bad proceeded on her royage to
the Indian Ocean, under command of the mate, A J Fuller.
A letter from Capt Tinkham, of bark Charles W Morgan, of
NB, reports her at Pavel Oct hi, having landed 109 bbls sp oil
to be shipped b?me. would sail that day, bound 8. Reports,
spoke fret 1ft, sblp Josephine, Gong. N B, clean.
A letter recelred by Capt Mloah Baker, of Dartmouth,
dated Norfolk Oct lb, reports off and on at the Island, bark
Crown Insbteld, Praro, or Fairbsven, with liKMI bbls sp oil and
bumpbacklng, having taken 100 bbls. Bark Janet, Maoy,
Weetport, was there with 860 bbls sp oil.
A letter from Capt Campbell, of bark Active, of NB, re
ports her off Faral Nov lb. hound In, clean, and from thence
would sail (or the North Pact He.
84 poken.
Bark Rasa. Jorgensen, trom New York Tor Rotterdam. Dee
16,1st 3b 10, Ion 70 4J.
Bark Wabeno, from for Mobile (In ballast), Deo 2, off
Pensaoota.
Brig Martha, Cassldy, from New York for Mobile, Deo 9.
off Pensaoola.
Brig Uem, from New York for Fort Spain, Deo ft, lat 26, loa
60 12.
Forelcn Porte.
Ant weep, Dec 6?Arrived, City of Boston. Wymaa, eno
Hy I'elham. Vlckery, Philadelphia.
Bailed 6th. Kalo Crosby, Ulbbert, New York) Mentor, Ol
?en, do.
Reouwkiuraten, Deo 4?Arrived, Malvina Scbutt,
Schutt, New York (and left for Helvoef.
Bordeaux, Dec 5?Arrived, Nouveau Mexlque, Csrmera,
New Orleans via Savannah.
Bubnob Aybrr, Nov 1ft?In port bark Dover, Stllphen, tor
New York Idg.
Cardiff, Dee 8?Arrived, Homeward Bound, Merrymant
Havre (and ent out for St Jago).
Sailed 6th, Pnnjsub, Watson, New York.
Cleared Bth, Lothalr. New Orleans; Embla, do.
Ent out 4th, Domanfco, Jaccsrlno, and Bravo, Christopher
?en, rnr New York; 6th. Nora Scotlan, Churchill, and Isaae
jlnooln, Merriman, New Orleans
Coax, Dec 6?Arrived, Jernaes, Nlslsen, New York.
C'ETTk, Nor 80-Arrived, Virginia, Stafford. New York.
Ciiarrntr, Nor 26?cauea, Alosrt the Oood, Bolt, New
York.
Deal, Dec 6? Arrived, Ella Moor*, Shaw, London (and
sailed for Philadelphia).
Dublin, Dac 6?Arrived, Colonist, Andrews. New York.
Sailed 6tti, Mlllr, New York; Lilian, Coptlck, and Peter
Crerar, Campbell, Charleston.
Demaeaea, Dec 8-In port ship Lepensirath (Br), Ban
ders, tor New York (not Baltimore); orlg Samuel Mutr (Br),
Smith, for Baltimore.
Exmouth, Dec 8- Arrived, Fyen, Epsen, New York.
Falmouth, Dec fi-Arrlved, Uakon Jarl, Mathlsen, Phil
adelphia for London.
Fatal, Nov 18?In port brigs Morning Star (Bri. Croxier,
from Ardrosaau for New York, dlsg snd calking, to sail in
20 days; J L Pye (Br), Pye, from Wilmington, NO, for Lon
don. repg, to sail In 10 days; sobr Juliet, Strout, for BosIod
neit day.
Arrived at do Nov 19, R E Packer, Amesbufy, 8t John,
NB.
Sailed 19th, Juliet, Strout, Boston.
Galway, Dec ??Arrived, Framat, Victor, New York.
Gibraltar, Dec 3?Arrived, lsmsillE Brown, Sicily
(and left ror New York'.
Genoa, Deo 1?Arrlrsd, brig Aoadls, Osmond, New
V Sailed 2d, brig Robert Dillon, Blstchford, Catania for part
of cargo, anil there to receive orders to go to Messina or Pa
lermo to finish idg.
Hayek. Dec 4 Sailed, Onward, Evans, Savannah.
Cleared 4th, Osseo, Covert, Shields and United States; 6th,
E A Kennedy, Uoffses, Savannah.
Helvoet, Deo 4?Arrived, Leopold II, Roichke, New
York.
Hambveo, Dee ft?Arrived, Wm Leavltt, Leavltt, Callao.
Havana, Dec 19?Arrived, steamship City of Merida,
DeaWen, New York.
Liverpool, Deo 17?Arrived, steamships Trent, Dum
breck. New York; 20th, Australian. Kiddle, Mobile vis Nor
folk 21st, shlo Chllltanwallah, Colters, New Orleans; brig
Kegulstor, Northcott. do.
Sailed 7th, Sarah M Smith, Bishop, Charleston; Southern
Rights, Weymouth, Savannah; James Jardtne, Roberts, do;
Herman, Langs. Galveston.
Cleared (th.Merom, Lowell, Savannah.
Ent out 6th, Twilight, Hatrlck; Concordia, Molbach. and
Ilochelaga, Rlchnrdson, for Baltimore; 6th, Citv of Balti
more (s).Deiamotte and The Queen Thomas, New
York; Isaac Webb, Mortimer, do.
London, Dec ft-Cleared, Plymouth Rook, Williams, Raw
Ent ont 6th, James M Chtireblll, Olbbon, for Boston.
Londonderry, Deo6?Sailed, Harvest Home, German,
New Orleans. _
Moville, Dee 91-Arrived,steamship Anglla, Craig, Now
York lor Glasgow (and proceeded'.
M aesbillre, Dec 2-Nslisd, Eipis, Evsnseo, Now Orloano;
Loopoldo Petrol uil, Htgnori, New York.
MESHINA, Nov26-In port barks Ahd-el-Fader, Npejrow,
for Boston idg; Mary C Dyer, Hopkins, for Now Y ork t Wost
orn Sea, Harding: Geo Kingman, Hammond; Uman iSwsi,
Hwensou, and Kairlsto (Nor), Qsrrard, for I'nliod sum;
brigs Giles Lorlng, Plnkbam. for Now York; Mysllo, Hoop
man; L C Madeira, Moslaodar; J H Kennedy, Rich; ossl
nee. flpraguo; Rhone i Br), McDougall, and Mary M Williams
(Br), Flokott, for United Slates.
Sailed 27th. Mary C Dyer, Hopkins, Now York; 3810, GIIoe
Lorlng, Pinkham, Boston.
Newcastle, t)ao 6?Cleared, Ellphalot Greeley, Halcrow,
C*NgwPOJtT, Dec 8 -Ent out, Hlrunda, Iloslund, and Agdsr,
Henrlksen, New Orleans.
olvi-ha, Nor 17?Arrived, PrlnooN Louloe, Watt, Now
York; Isth. BMglo O). Caiiero, do.
w
_PiniofrTr, me 4-Off, Abigail, Raymond, from
York for Rotterdam.
Prnxance, Deo 6?Off. Riverside, Rich, from New York
for Antwerp.
Pe?A, Deo 8?In port schr Ohsrles Thompson, Hanfleld,
from New York srriv.-d Nor 28, disc.
Poet Spain. boo 9-Balled, eehrKmma KIIza (Br), Hnrrl
gnn ilrom Boston, burins renaireu Surinam.
Arrived Nor 18. brig Thu* Welter, Thompson, Philadelphia
(and sailed 22d for Turks islands*
Railed Slat, brig Parorile. Dued, Martinique.
POINT-A-PITEK, Ouad. Nor ft- Airived bark AUee Tarl
ton, Connor, Fornandlna, Fla. AlrlT*a'
UvinNBTOWN, Deo 6?Arrive i, o p Maas. Zephen, New
York; 7th, Oune, Jensen. Philadelphia; Sarah C rrager,
Knight, Baltimore; Bjorrlkeu, Harris, New York; Prtncipo
do Napoll, Magna, do.
Also arrived 12th, ahlp R Robinson, Stetson, Liverpool for
New York, in distress: lfitb, barks Bator (Ana). Premledo.
and Juno (Aus), Orando, New urk. do tsee plsaalersi
Scii.i.Y. Dec 4? Arrived, Xenia .not Ir.ontai, Hern olds.
Philadelphia: 6th, Amor, New York .or ChrlstlansunJ
Off the Lizard 4tn, Queeu oi the Fleet, MoLeod, trom New
Yoik for Amsterdam.
St Helena, Nor 10?Sailed, Nlmroud, Lowther, New
York.
Stettin, Dec 1?Arrived, Haabet, Pedersen, Philadelphia,
Surinam, Not SI?Sailed, brig Isabel Beurmau, Ilurd,
Boalon.
In port Deo 5, barks Mar Queen, league, for Boston few
dart; Howland, Tucker, from <io, arrived one; brtgs Re
Kina i Br), Radenhelsrr, lor do i days: Lochlnvar (Br), Ken
drick, lor New York i days; ueeu (Br), Center, uno; avhr
Britannia (Br), King, for J.oiton.
Turks Islands, Nov 28 Arrived, scbr Ooonee, Boston
(and sailed 27th for Kuatan laland
Zante, Nor S3?Sailed, Chief, Harding, Naw York.
Atnericnn t'orin.
BOSTON, Dec 20?Arrlrad, aohr Harmonla, Burrrlll, Ron
dout.
Cleared?Steamships Seralnois, Matthews, Savannah;
McClellan. Howes, Baltimore via Norfolk: Aries, Whelden,
Philadelphia; barks Signai, Wbituey. Turks Islands; J A
Brown, Urenlsli, Turks Isiaids. sc'irs Summervlile (Br),
Johnston, Surinam; Elmer M Wright, Freeman, New Or
leans Fawn, Baker, Baltimore; S P M Talker, Allen, Phila
delphia.
Soiled?Steamers Aries, and Heicitles; brig Amos II Rob
erta, lor Dcmarara and Tnni lad.
21at?Arrived, steamrr B'ackstone Balitmore
BALT1MORK, Deo 20-Below, tobr D F Keeling, Robin
son, from Arecibo.
Cleared?Bark Robert Wendt (NO), Rhode, Queenstown
for orders; brig Lena Thurlow, Corbett, Portland; schr B W
Bunnell, Bunnell, New Lon ion.
Sailed Brlga Freya, and l'restiagimo, for Rio Janeiro.
BRISTOL, Deo Id?Sailed, brig Mary E Roscrolt, Varnuno,
Satllla River, Ca.
BK1DOBPORT, Deo 21?Arrived, scbrs Luola B Ives, Pos
ter, Georgetown, DC; Marv lizabelh, Ell/.ahetbport; Annie
K Derrickson, Lynch, Cold Spring: sloops Home, Smith,
Ellzabetbport, Cameleoo, .\orihpor_
CHARLESTON, Dec IS?Cleared, hark Brothers (Br), Jen
kins, Amsterdam.
21st?Arrived, schrs SVW Simmons, and L T Knight, New
York.
Sailed?Steamsbln Georgia, New York.
CALAIS, Dec 8?Cleared, schr Morellgbt, Young, New
York.
DENN YSVILlB, Deo 14?Sailed, sebrs Spartel, Smith, and
T W Allen, Custer. New Yor*.
FALL RIVER, Dec 18?Sailed, scbr Jane F Durfee, Mnrty,
Baltimore.
20th?Arrived, schr Lawrence LockwooJ,
Bulled?Scbr Theodore I)e in, Grtunell, Baltimore or
Georgetown, DC.
FORTRESS MONROE, Dec 21-Passed In for Baltimore
steamer Caudella, from Havana; hark Bandenskjold, from
Gloucester; brig l'atrie, Irom itloJaneiro.
Passed out?Barks Camp incro, for Klo Janeiro; Ross la re,
for Wexford; Conquest, for Maraeii.es: American Lloyds,
for Bristol; brlcs Maggie Vail, lor Asylnw&ll; Harriet, for
Matanzas; Charles Purves, (o Belfast: Watch, for London;
schra Peerieis, for St Johns, PR; Win Wilson, for Ponoe.
Also passed oui, bark Roocrt A Alexander, for Wilming
ton brlga Clara, for Bordeaux Escort, for St Johns.
GEORGETOWN, SO, Dec 14-Arrlvtd, schr Rtdgewood,
Derrickson, New York.
GLOUCESTER, Dec 20?Arrived, schr Emms W Day,
Clark, Eastporl lor New York.
GALVESiON, Dec 13?Arrival, ship Ada'nlde Baker (Br),
McLeilan, Liverpool; bark John Ueddie (Br), Smith, Mid
dlesborongh.
Cleared bark (not schr' Gan Eden, Greenleaf, Peruse ola.
14th?Cleared, harks Palace (Bri, Look. Liverpool; Volant.
-Barstow. New York brig l.ydia 11 cole, Jones, uo.
INDIANOLA, Deo 7?Cleared, scbr Thos P Ball, Rider,
New York.
In pru t, sehr Sonhia Godfrey. Godfrey, for New York, Idg.
MOBILE, Dec 16 -Arrived, ship Criterion, Sheldon. Valen
cia.
NEW ORLEANS, Deo 16?Arrived, steamship Jorge (Bp),
Arratogne. Havana; ship belle Isle Br:, Bond, Honduras;
bark Speranxa (Norwi, Nellson, Hrltonferry; schrs P V Tur
ner, Graves, Rnatan Island. Below, coming up, schrs W
H Steele. Sears, from Matanzas; W F Gushing, Cook, from
Philadelphia.
Cleared-Steamships Juniata, Hoxle, Philadelphia via Ha
vana; Maria ibpi, Nette, Barcelona; Equator, HarUett, New
York ship Florence Cblpman, Jones, Liverpool; brig Qua
daloupe, Alzaga, Campeachy.
20tn?Arrived, steamship City of Houston, Rowland, Nsw
York.
Sailed?Steamships Tillle, Deertng, and O W Lord, Rogers,
New York.
NEWBERN. NO, Dec 19?Arrived, steamship Ellen S Tenr,
Balvear, Naw York.
NORFOLK, Dec 18?Arrived, schre Eurota, Arey, New
York; E L Rich, Jenkins, Boston.
NEWHURYPORT, Dec 19?Arnvea, schr Hiawatha, Lee,
Newcastle, Del.
NEWPORT. Dec 19, PM-Arrived, brig H L Gillian (Br),
Klllam, Fall River for schr Warren Sawyer, Mulligan,
Portland for Baltimore. Alio arrived and not boarded, aehre
M C Hart, of Boston J Wr Klm .all, Jr. Marts.
xOth- Arrived, schr Webster Barnard, Smith, Jacksonville
for Providence.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec 9U-Arrived, barks Mary Anna,
Munater, London; Cardenas (8p>, Muxes, Cardenas; brlga
A tile Durkee, Brown, London; Addle Hale, Shepuard, Salt
Key, TI; Ocean Oagle, Waterbouse. Galveston; echre Ann M
Dickinson, Dloklusan, Corpus Christ!; D L Snermau, Haul,
New York; Jacob Klenzle. steelman. Boston.
Cleared? Bark St Patrick (Br). Ilosart. Antwerp; brig E P
Stewart, Holland, Trinidad; schrs M C Mosetey, Harries,
Clenfuegos; C P Cerrlsh, Armstrong, Demarara: EdleWal
^Crtylee'lfcoat arrived yesterday from Bombay Hook, hav
ing towed thereto the bark He! Stewart and scbr^ Teluma.
Passed below Bombay Book, two barks and four brigs,
^LSwieTSeo SO, AM?Cantaln Davis, of the cutter (|Olfai,
reports boarded vestvrday harks Anna, from Liverpool, and
Carrie Wright, from Rotterdam, bothi for fbihtdeluhia, atoo
bark and brig before reported. Report aa to bark Oura la an
error. BrUs Roanoke, E Miller, and Reaper remain at PtyL
a<PM?Vessels of this AM remain. Three barks and three
brigs have gone to sou to-day. A bark ana a brig from above
remain at tne Breakwater.
2lit The steamship BaUctte, from Liverpool for Pbiladei
nhla, la off thla harbor, waiting for a pilot. Thermometer at
daylight 3 dee below rero. and at II AM 12 deg above.
PORTLAND. Peo 19?Arrived. barka Woodslde, True, and
N M Haveu, HalL Philadelphia; brig George Amos, Hunker,
Calais for New York achra Maria Roxana, Palmer, Phtladel
pala; Sandy Point. Grant. Sea Harbor for New York,
filth-Arrived, ecnr Kmellne, Nlrkeraon, Philadelphia.
21*t?Arrived, steamship Casplm (Br), Ritchie, Liverpool.
PORTSMOUTH, Dec 17?Arrived, acbra Hannah Baker,
Wlilltemore, Philadelphia; Charlie Cobb. Keuncdy, Haiti
more.
PROVIDENCE, Pec 20 Arrived, aehra J R Vandnaen,
Coraon, Alexandria; Daniel Holmes, Burr, Georgetown, DC;
Richard S Newcouib, lllpgins, Deal's Island, Va; J It You
mena. Cook, Ellxabethport; Saratoga. Weeks, do; Wm F
Burden. Adams, do; Amoa Falkcnburg, Racket, 11 oboken;
Wm O Irlah, Tlrrnll, do; Ancellne Van Cleaf, Carter, do.
Ralled-Hrig P.lveralue (Br), Neville, Baltimore: schra
Robert Pettis, Ellis, Norlolk; Calvin P Harris. Phillips. Bal
timore or Georgetown. IX:; Heracbel, Chambers, do; John
Stro'tp, Crawford, Philadelphia; (feorsa II Mills, Tlllotaon,
Baltimore; Wm Wller, May, Philadelphia; Ann Dole, Bunco,
New York; Henry Crosky, l'otler. do; Ontario, Barber, do;
?loops Oregon, Wilson, do; Nlllle N Smith, Tutlle, Fire
^RICHMOND, Dec 19?Arrived, achr Lucy. Wahlman, Eaet
port*
Sailed?Brig Alice, Bonner, Rio Janlero.
SAVANNAH, Dee21?Arrived, bark Aranco, Havana;achr
Good Will, Harbor laland.
Cleared?Steamship Gen Barnes, Mallory, New York; bark
Aurella, Rotterdam.
SALEM, Dee 19-Salled. schra E Jt L Cordery, Smith, and
E R Emerson. Seavey, Baltimore.
SOth?Sailed, steamer Alliance, Sbute, New York via Gloue
"suMERSKT, Dee 19?Arrived, achr John E SanforJ, Weat
S*SPOYTIiN0DUYVIL, Dec20?Arrived, achr Barbara, lied
d*w'lLMINGTON, NO, Dec 18?Arrived, aohre Sallle M Rvani,
Tlcc; Burdett Hart, Pearrc, and Lily, Hughes, New York;
Llrxle Carr, Tee), Boston; Clara Rankin, Falconer, New
Y Cleared?Rchr it Steelman. Price, New York.
WAREUAM, Dec II-Sailed, achr Splendid, Phlnney, New
York.
MISCKr.UMKHim.
?A?A?A?A?A.?FURTHER REDUCTION.
I am now offering my enilre new atook of
China, Glass, French Clocks,
Hronaea, Vaaea, Table Cutlery.
Sheffield and premium domestic
Plated Ware, Tea Seta, Urna,
Epergnea, Cake Baskets, Pu Ming
and Berry Dishes, Nankin Rings,
Knives. Forks, Spoons, Aa,
anil a great variety of fancy
and staple houaefurnianing Hardware
for housekeeping purposes and holiday presents.
And, a a a further Inducement, until January I, 1872, I am
making an actual cash discount on each bill of ten per cent
from tne already established low prtcee of my goods, which
are, as usual, marked In plain figures.
EDWARD D. HASRFORD,
Great central housekeepers' emporium,
Cooper institute, corner Aator Place.
j^TTRACTIVB GOOD8
at less than cost of Importation.
White Dinner Seta, from Alt.
Decorated Dlnnner Sets, from RIO.
Cold Band and richly dsi-orstod Tea Sets. from 4R.
White Toilet Sets, from R3 50.
Flint Glass Goblsts, from HI 38.
French ('looks. Vases, Bronzes, bllvarplated Wars, Cutler*
and House Furnishing Goods.
Prices of all goods in plain llgnres.
A.
EDWARD D. BAHxpoRD (Cooper Insl.lute).
?<3>-? nA
FOR FRfc.NCt! CHINA
AND HOLIDAY PRESENTS
GO TO TUB
FRENCH ARCADE,
MB HROADWAY,
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets,
AND RAVE 5o PER CENT.
Absolute divorces legally obtainf-d prom
the courts of different Hum*. No publicity. Advice
free. Notary Public and Coinmli.liuer for every State.
r. I. KING Counsellor-tt-Law. .Ml UroalwtV.
Absolute divorces legally obtained in
different States; desertion, Aa, sufficient cause. No
publicity, no charge, until divorce granted. Advlea free.
_____ M. HOUSE, Attorney, 190 Broadway.
Bargains in teas, coffers, groceries and
Provisions; warranted to suit the palate and the oocksta
of tbe rnidioa. THOMAS R. AGNKtV,
280 Greenwich street. New York.
JW. VANDEWATER,
OFFICE, CABINET AND MERCANTILE FURNI
TURE MANUFACTURER,
68 Ann an t Id) William streets. New York.
1872.
COFFEES AND TEAS
COFFEES AND TEAS
COFKKKN AND TEAS
for the
IIOLIDAVS.
HOLIDAYS.
HOLIDAYS.
HOLIDAYS. ,Cl
tlUullJAlo, tiia
k ?r M Miceptabie presentYor the
Ve^vi; lh? larfMi. friMihMi and bast assortment of t:of
fees and Tee* ever offered for saie In ibla citv, and seleutsd
expressly for the holiday trade.
Oooda delivered In all parts of ths city.
A holiday present given to each uual uner at all our stores.
GREAT AMERICAN TEA COMPANY.
GREAT AMERICAN TEA COMPANY.
GRKAT AMKIitCAM TEA COMPANY