9
TORRIGN MAIL GLEANINGS.
LISH VIEW 8 THE PRESIDENTS
AN ENG
AN ENGLISH VIEW OF Til QTAROLFEN LS
MESSAGE.
THE TREATY OF WASHINGTON—THE RECALL OF
M. CAT \CAZY—FREE TRADE HOPES.
From The London Tunes of Dec. 8
President Grant is fortunate in the external
sreumstances of the Republic, fortunate as respeots ita
internal condition, fortunate, also. as we have lately had
occasion to remark, in his own person, in being able to
Jook forward with mething like moral certainty to his
peélection ae President. The nation approves his past
conduct of their affairs, and is prepared to ac
cept his guidance in the futare, The composi
tion of the two Honses of Congress affords a
reasonable presumption that the legislation
he recommends in his Message will be sup
ported when hronebt before them. The vote for the ex
i of the Commission appointed under the Treaty of
ashington may he exnected from the Honse of Repre
sentatives without a dissentient voice, and we may an
ticipate with eqnal certainty the legislative completion
of the agreement to pay the Dominion of Canada the sum
which mav he determined to be due to itin respret of
the adm «lon to ita fisheries of the fishermen of the
Rates, The administrative measures rendered neces
cary hy the Treaty have already, as we know, made
considerable progress, The Court of Arbitration
will shortly meet, and the Commission of Claims
{8 already In session. The President tells Con
gress, moreover, a fact which had not yet been
made public on this side of the Atfantic, that the
two Governments are now engaged io drawing up the
Jolut pote bringing before the attention of foreign
Powers the principles of pnblie law admitted by the
Treaty, and recommending these principles to their con
sideration and adoption. The mathematical problem
defining the true position of the (th parallel of North
Latitude will set at rest all qnestions as to the conrse of
the bonndary in the West between ihe States and the
Red River Territory of Mauitohs, and, as soon as Con
greas has provided the money to meet its cost, the task
will be accomplished hy A joint comission of survey,
animated by no other desire than that of solving ques
tion of science. Thus the Inst occasion of difference will
disappear, and it is 10 he hoped BO LEW cause of estrange
ment will he permitted to arise.
Yet the settlement of onr disputes was not agreed
upon withont the intervention of obstacles for which
neither of ns was responsible. Tt is rather strange to
find that influences have been exerted, neither English
nor American, to thwart the ratification of the Treaty
of Washingtonghut the openness with which Gen, Grant
refers to M. Catacazy releases us from all delicacy in
a'lnding to the diplomatic scandals connected with
that Envov's name, M. Catacazy was till recently
the Russian Minister ot Washington, and, mo ed
possibly by the untoward zeal M. de Tallevrand so
gtronely deprecated, he need his inflaenee to induce
members of the Senate to reject the Treaty with Great
Britain. He seems to have thougiit that Russia aust
suffer if perfect friendshin wore established between
Fngland and the States, and he atte mpted, therefore, to
prevent the anticinated disaster, He was not sneeessful,
except in injnring himself. The United States Govern
ment demanded his reeal!, and, whatever willingness
there may have been to profit hy his condnet had it
ancceeded, it was at once repudiated by Russia when
it was exposed. y
This reapportionment [of members of Congress] must,
however, prodnee a reat r effect in neerandizine the
Free-Trade party, and the tentative alterations Presi
dent Grant now recommends in the Tariff and the Ta
Jand Revenne laws wi'l probally he followed by consid
erable reforms in the same direction during his second
term of otice. It is to be recretted that the nopnlar de
mand for the remea! of the Income Tax should be £0
gtrong ae to threaten its abrozation withont the adoption
of any substitute. Withont a direct tax in rome shape or
other, it must alwave be impossible to revise the Reve
enne laws of the Feleration so as to wake them just
in their incidence on tax-payers and free from the waste
fulness of protective duties: and the periodical valu.
tions of property made within each State for State pur
Poses seem to furnish an easy method of imposing a
Redox tax which shall possess many of the virt'ies of
the Tnemne Tax withant ita faults, ‘Unfortunately, the
clause in the Federal Constitution which prohibits the
Jevving of ony direct tax ness it be Yaid in
proportion to the number fnhiabitants in
each Ktate—a clause having i origin in a fala
cions view of taxation long sib discarded=linders
the fmivosition of such a tax 8 we contemplate,
and public opinion on the subject in the Union is not yet
sufficiently educated to rooire its repeal. Finance
taxation, and free trade must, inwever, constitnte the
enhicets on which the next great division of puriies io
the Union will arise, and, as the center of the fod ration
#hifts westward, wa mav look fora solution of i's ceo
nomic problems ace rong tothe views of the oe alin:
ral pre Anes rin the States of the Misissippia ther i han
na wsters and menufactarers in the States of
I _"
In every case of fever there are little varia
tions in the eonrse of the motady, often slight recessions
in regard to partieniar conditions, The main question,
however, 18 whether, in the absence of actually nnfavor
able indications, the progress on the whole has
teen good, and this ix ¢learly the case with the
Prince, and it instifies a favorable conclusion.
The oricin of the fover in the case of the Prince of
Walesstill remainstun ertain, Tt seems pretty clear that
typhotd fever i< prevailing in the neighborhood of San
dringham. and it is not unlikely that the attack of the
groom of Hi< Bova! Thvehness is merely a concidence in
yelation to that of the Prince's, and to he exphidoed as
one of several other eases deva'oped as the consequence
of the ote rat om of a corona aence in the neighhor
hood, Dlocyet toe hown tout typhoid fever exists
at Searls oh, Wo are civen to vnderstand that
gome of toe viditors at Lou leshoronzh Honse attribute
the tewvorary in Nisvosition fron vo hieh thev saffercd to
the inhalation of FF uoive eMlonvia given off from a eer
tain ward whieh »woanore 12 nonafactared. The bnke
of Beantort pa--cd the place twice in one day, snd once
ona subeogaent one, and the wind blew the stench on
these oc vox of ait gerne the voad, On one of
these dus op roiine to bet bis crace felt very ath
n

Poo The Tlepron of Dee, 6B.
While the Jans woeceed mod differ so Tittle
nthe tenoraof th ode report, one deductions for the vio
ment moet pe en fhe ame and not less favorable than
vesterd oo, Tere ie however, something of eonstramt
and a rot emtion in tie Latest relegrams whieh will
sarrev hb bom the amndioi eonfiddenes, We are pass
pet roach tte! atthe Vda, and the frank deetara
tien «0 a puts Coveorable arecress §3 that which
cain he Dod Lh siven at thet date and we ars hoping
VErY onan to ive, The day's baltetins add
Jtre to ant ets nee nothing in what we had to «ay ves
ter dav, “ioe vmptom® are anchanged,” and the ter
pana ion ef toe fever i dvawing rear, From that we
voor dew cro increased hope, bat hardly yet com
ete eo 1g
Apa bod on is threatened on the purddy med.
fo dare th ne the otic by gorms or hy spontaneous
veoeration of 1p bon af typed oid fever: nt we trast
tome Ce averted, avaneh phycdeinne ac cmdnenst, as
ERE) rx, rend ex eri over as Kir Taomas Wirt <on,
hase shove thems oves eager SOr the fray,








THE CHICAGO PREY LIBRARY.
Le
HE
OMAR YIUGHTES
ran
SNF
MP
date of
Nr Faomnns (ewes, MLL, tinder date of
the 24 ast, wo ts faullatis to The Loadon News
Cin: Lace vot crvvor ble replies of Drit
what wor, pia hore CU aed societies to the ap
pealifor ho 4 raf harry at Chicazo, the Com
TTFL FUL THR cor Ho look oul fer space where the
git hw Cod ive Leia asie and packed for
transpoat tion 2 Aerial The AnAo-Ameriean Aiso
Catton, vine pov roan Chey large for this par
pose, Fas anplt trathe Coootal Pibaee Company, and 1
smsiat toon fata Board of that Caapiny have
willingly vento pees sare seen, Mov hos alowed,
throush votre) nas fo regret that all persons de
scar of coring Faots waill forward them
divvet to the trial Petace, Svieprham, 8, FF,
were futor-irg “For the Chleaco Free Li
biary on the pare! and vrescrvinz a duplicate list
to compere wih the list wtih will be adver.
tise), ACH rt re as sot the cond example of give
ing her at cv 0 om ie ttlenase of her hooks, 1 would
suggest that oo Looe oo Leonid do the sme. 1inay here
say, in ano oer 0 cortan sfoheaents which have ap
peared noe vee, that Le proposed Lift ha’ been
Warmly pron no Pee and and America, and
that the her wii hoe, wolveortise lin due time will in
ede the navi of a cory Yare nimber of ear most
eminent Kora ana sets meen as contributors, As
the Jibrary wii contobn cone, old and new, in all depart
ments of Berets domain onones will be ceraploved
the purchase oi tee works aor otiverwise obtainable,
and in pevicont of thonecc os rv onp neces, Buel dona
tions way be forwarded to sib Joan Rose (of Morton,
Rose, and Co, No. 1 Bartho snoey Sine, B.C), whe has
Kind'y consented to at ox tr coer, The honorary see
retaries, Mosse, ACBL Bue onl Fo WL Chesaon, will
answerany inquiries wkdresse boo them, at No, 1 Adan
st... Add iphi










_—
THE BURNING OF WARWICK) GASTLE (N
GLAND.
INTERESTING INCIDENTS OF THE FIRL—ALT
TRYASLHIZEES SAVED.


TIF ASN KE TAY 0
From The London Tincs. [we 4.
Warwick Castle, the grand old haronio)
mansion of the Earl of Warwick, at an early boar ve rope
day morning, (Dee. 2), wis tie scene of a terrible and
destructive conflagration, The Castle is fianibar to
every tourist amd the rave pictures, the Gobelin tapos
tries, and the unique at tregsnres which abounded in
every apartment rendered it ativaciive alike to the artist
and hie antiquary. Tw fire was discovered
shout half-past 1 o'ciek on Rapday mormng
by the steward-rooin boy, Joseph Powers, and
the footmen, Willa Everton and William Gregory.
So quick wag the progress of the #ames that the whole
cast wing, between the grand ertrance hall and the do
mestie iy adjoining Cesar andl Guy's Tovers, wus
endl) gutted, and only the outer walls gud th:
c arred and smoldenng robbi<h remain, These apart
ments conelsted, ou the grount floor, of the waiting
room and library, overlooking the courtyas, and
the breakfastaroom, his Lordships room, and
Lady Warwick's boudoir, looking out upon the
river. On the second floor were the Jadies’
maids’ rooms, Lady Warwick's bedroom and
Aressing-room, and Jord Warwick's dressing room.
These looked out upon the courtyard, and over
LoukipK Wie river were the White-Roow, the Bog ied.
Roof, and ge Losther Bed Room and Dressiug-Room.
The juruiture pid content: of these npariiuents were al
ost entirely @estroy ed. The ouly things saved were a
few of tho wost valuable pictues and some books, in
spite of every excition nade, it being fpossible to check
toe ames antl the Whole of this wing was complitely
de troyed. Meanwhile the fire wis leaping across the
grand stafrease and attacking the hall, with its gorge
ously carved Gothic roof, cwblazoned with heraldic de
vices, ite figor of Vometian marble, aud its enpions an
tigue walnséoling hung round with armor, swords, ad
atehdocks, Mere was Cromwell's ittered helmet and
the doublet fh which Lard Brooke dled au Lichfield, It
also contained antiques and fossil antlers of the elk and
deer, old sintues, nucient towbs, aud otber curiositjes,
These luve ull perishod,

Along the ici yc tved roof xccuted in 1857 from
Acelgns by Mr, Poy oter, the flames fast spread, and the
pineied wooden wilis proved eqaally inflimmatle, The
Jusiblivent apariuent, 62 fee: ov #0 fogt, and 26 feet iy
Huekly covered with lewd, fell fu, and there remain only
Bat bare biccicnod waligof vue of Lho flucet hislis Ls the
THE PRINCE OF WALLS
ORIGIN OF THE DISEASE.
Kir 4 apartments over the entrance
ngdom. A nursery and apartme
mn. and also a dining-room by the side of the great
hat, erected a fow years ago by Lord Warwick, waa also
destroyed, hut a portion of their contonts wero saved.
The fire raged so flarcely at 4 o'clock that it was feared
all the efforts of the firemen, which bad been directed to
cut it off from the rest of the apartments, would prove
fruitless. Through the ohinka between the maealve
doors soparating the Great Hall and the Red Draw
ing-room the flames could be seen, and the stifing smoke
forced its way through every aperture, Preparations
were, therefore, made for the worst, by stripping this
and the adjoining apartments of their costly and almost
‘rioeloss treasures. The pictures by Rembrandt, Van
dike, and Rubens were borne care ully to a place of
safety, and, when every portable article of value was re
moved, still further precautions were deemed necessary.
The gilt drawing-room, the state bedroom, and tho state
dressing-rodm were also cleared of (heir principal con
tents. The tajestiy round the state Dhedroom,
made in Brussels in 1694, was wrenched from the
wall and carried to a place of security, together with
the portraits of Queen Anne,” by Kneller, the “Earl
of Fasox,” by Zuochero. and other rare paintings. Tho
pictures by Holbein, Rubens, Vandyke, Titiens, Sal
vator Rosa, 8ir Peter Lely and Caracei’s “Dead Christ’
were also taken down. The costly tables and treasures
in the cabinets were carried to the remotest corner of
the castle, the billiard-room, Jeads to be again moved in
case of necessity. Fortunately, the efforts of the fire
men practically arrested the fire at the end of the great
hall, though the Red Drawing-room 18 slightly damaged
about the roof and by water. The damage, however,
done to the building cannot be estimated pecuniarily,
and is really irremediable. Many of the most valuable
contents of the cagtie, wich Wis crowded with troas
ures of art, have \n damaged by hasty removal,
although S¥Sry floscinie care was exercised. Tue flames
were not subdued until nearly 10 o'clock in the
morning, and then there remained 8 mass of
smoldering flame which might, it was feared,
at any time develop into another conflagration.
The whole of Lady Warwick's wardrobe was consumed,
with her ladyahip’s apartments, which contained many
objects of interest, which were greatly prized by the
family. Her ladyship's jewels are safe, and also the
plate, the apartments in the basement, where there is a
large fire-proof safe, being hardly injured except by the
heat of the RIning apartments above and the water
thrown upen the fire. The cause of the fire vannot be
accurately ascertained. Some men had been employed
on Saturday painting and decorating that part of the
building where the fire is supposed to have originated.
But it is stated that there was no fire in this part of the
castle, and therefore it is diflicalt even to surmise how
the catastrophe was caused.




for the Prosi-
We have no authority outald
Snt-bit chretel Iman ve assured us that ORLY
farm of 600 or 700
TORE od Pr peival kp ld eh was inherited by
Mrs. Grant. The remainder wae bo) bt PX Gob.
Sram ne Toy oliizons of Now-York before
of tho charges against
the President {s that $100,000 referred to was
resent to him. The rest of the
ibe m paying off the mortgages on his bouse nh Io,
Washington, now owned by Gen. Sherman, and In Bs
chasing and furnishing his house at Long Branoh, yh
heisc with receiving as a present from Mr. Mur
phy—that being another 0 the numberless fabrications
set afloat by The Sun about the President, and repeated
eagerly by Journals opposed to him, Nota dollar's wor
0 iy has been given to Gen. Grant since he became
fico pibliabed almost daily by The Snn. It will i
be published, doubtleds, notwithstanding the Bea 8
public as a profes=lonal an wanton libeler: R
Le Rev. M. J. Cramer,
Denmark. weed io
by Grant. Isa
military secretaries at the Executive anion.
at hands of President.
IV. George W. Dent, President's
Ran Francisco,
Was strongly 1
Y. John Dent, Presidente hrotherin-l»
New Mexico under the Indian Bareag; plac
Was not appointed by President;
Indian Burezu: profits of place grossly exa
A STATE GROWING RICH.

WEALTH FROM BENEATH THE SOIL.
THE BLOCK COALS OF INDIANA—THEIR PHYSI=
CAL AND GCREL:MMEGCAMLs CLAL0MAT04MNE0 FT HpThr BAX Tat TW
ADAPTATION TO IRON-SMELTING AND DLask
MER STEEL MANUFACTURE.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sr: I now propose to discuss the physical
and chemical properties of the block coals of Indiana and
thir adaptation to the manufacture of the higher grades
of bar-iron aud Bessemer steel,
The term block,” as descriptive of a peculiar elassof
conls, 1s an alliteration in the geological vocabnlary, but
it has now become so firmly rooted that it must here
after be recognized. The physical characters of the coal
are these: There are two systems of joints, traversing
the scam perpendicularly, which cut the whole mass
into quadrangular blocks two or three feet long and a
foot or more broad, and the miner availing himself of
these natural Givisions, after having undermined the
base, ix enabled to pry out the blocks without a resort to
gunpowder. He can easily take dowa three tuns a day.
These joluts appear to have been formed after the mate
rials entering into the structure of the coal were
deposited, and are due to a force acting indepeudently
of that of consolidation. Where a considerable areca is
laid bare by stripping the surface, the sean: resembles a
tesselnted pavement. Viewed in section, the appear
ance ia as thongh block upon block, each of uniform size,
had been piled up by the hands of man. In entering
the drifts, the zigzag ‘appearance reminds one of a
Virginia fence. The sides of the blocks are smooth, of a
dull-bluish color, and are often s'ained white with fire
clay, but, if cleft longitudinally, there is sen amass of
mineral eharco:l go slightly cemented with bitumen, that
it readily crocks on handling, Tae blocks are splintery
on cro fracture, hut longitadinally they come out in
thin flat sheets like roofing slate. Sach are the external
characters of the coal near Brazil; bat further sonth in
Spencer County, while it has the same block-like ar
rangement, it is =o fur consolidated that it breaks longi
tadinally with a splintery fracture, and may be rubbed
with a white handkerchief without communicating any
Crock.
This coal when thrown on a fire at once ignites with a
crackling sound, and burns wiih a bright yellow floue,
giving of little fuiiginous matter, It is non-cakiug, or in
other words, does not run together, thus affording free air
passaces, Itis =o far free from sulphur that it leaves
behind a white or gray flocealent ash, and, subjected to
the strongest dranghts, it gives no clinker. Hoenee, it is
an admirable coal for locomotives, by reason of its rapid
combustion, its freedoin from clinker, and its disposition
vat to form a hollow arch, which in the fatty coals must
from time to thue he hroken up to offord free air pas
sages, These qualities, too, fnsnre the iutegrity of the
grate bars wherever burned, It is sufiiciently firin to
hold up the burden of a furnace, and the only inconven
fence exporicnesd is in the amonnt of “dost,” or fine
particles of mineral charcoal which are nearly inconbus
tible, This mmconvenience appertiins to the coals at
present used in the blast furnace, bat it wonld be absent
in the more compressed coals before referred to, From
careful assays it i8 ascertained that thins coal gives from
57 to 62 per cent of fixed carbon, a small amoant of hy
grometrie moistare, awd a small amount of ah, whose
w hiti=h and flocenlent characier would indicate the couu
parative absence of the bi-salphuret of iron,
The Pittsburgh coals diff sr very <lightlyv in coinposiiion
from the block coals of Indiana, and yet we know tht
they behave altogether difforently in combustion,
The latter will make iron in a crude state,
while the former require that the volatile materials
be expelled, and the product used in the form of coke.
This difference probably results from the mechanical
texture of the coals, Tu the case of the bloek cool: there
are thin partitions of a cannel-like nature, which pre
vent the cells tilled with bitumen, frow coalescing and
rendering tumid the whole mass,
The volatile materials play an important part in the
combustion of coal. We know that the anthracites of
Pennsylvania, which eantain eiglity per cent. or more of
fixed carbon, in a strong draught burn well, and are
highly esteemed, not only as a honsehold fuel, but for
steam and iron smelting purposes; while the Rhode
Island ianihraeites, still richer in fixed carbon, will be
con~umed only in the great day of universal conflagration.
so far as relates to the presence of the deleterions
elements of sulphur and phosphorus in the block coals,
little has been done by the chemists to esthinate their
quantity. In fuct, this reoark will apply to most of the
assays of couls in the United States. IT requested Prof,
~Delafontaine, a gentleman every way competent to enter
upon this investigation, to apply the itests to the splint
variety of the Brazil seam occurring in the western part
of Spencer County, and specimens were selected from
what is known as the Stash Mine for that purpose. The
assay of two spechuens of this coal by the ordinary
method gave the following results:
Witerdat 2127 Fooveennns LBS 391 Fixed earhon............50.73 62.8]
Vola'ilermatter ioe oo... 3011 30.84 Ash wiite.............. 2.60 2.41
Two and one-ualf ounces of this coal were subiitted to
distillation in a closed vessel with the following result
CORE «src cs ssesrsvenivinssdubinir Water  @Oeesvecescsassecesc IM
Tar approximativel¥. qed dO Gas iii. 501
Tie water contained ammonia and other colnble chemi
cals, besides a small amount of hydrosulphate of amn
wonia. The amount of phosphoric acid wus 0.2, und the
amonnt of sulphuric acid was 0.0,
Compared with the English coals of Tontypoo!, Beds
was, Khor Vale, &e., the amonnt of phosphorie acid in the
latter was far greater in every instance; and while fn
the English coals there was a notable percentage of sul
phn, in the Staab coal there was an entire absence,
Comparivg these results with the amount of phosphoric
acid comtanmned in the ashes of elim, oak, and AW
wood, the resn)t as that while the staab coal contains
only 0.3 per eeut of this deleterious ingredient, these
Wood ashes contin all the way from 4.19 to 0.01 per cent,
Funs it will be secon that there are coals in the Indiana
fields whieh are freer from the element phosphorus, so
deleterious in iron waking, than charcoal itself, The
CC
awe rigorons tests oueht to he extended to every por
Hon ol the Brazil seas,
trae, ae yd we know from experience, when
ace have all the qualities of char
coal, couliueg with a grent@ reducing power. Two and
Selah oe ol col are required to make a tun of irou.
Multoning oo Sane as stroug in fixed carbon as the
ungo coals, wirere two tuns only are
required, hut they produce a wore Lizhly esteemed pig
respect to th bioek cont of Tn dian A applicable in every
and rua abt of ut foul it, 4 on rg ot Bolts oh
it in the blast furnace, either ag to the quality or Quai.
tity of fron, far exceed everything in the manufacture
Survey, hears (he following oe Goulugical
coal of Indians the ‘est mineral ay seunice the black
world for the manufacture of pig metal, bar iron b whan
Iu the blast furngee it produces a etal ig every res eet
equal to the best chargoal fron made from the same be
In the pudding furnace a lees (oaniity 1s onc pp
block coal than of the best Jit ugh eouls to muke a
run of bar or we rougtis fron, Tool v4 are brought off jn
a shorter space of the, ad Lo quality of the iron is
hetter. The gray pig fron, made ith the raw block coq)
in Clay Tqunty from a mixtuic of Lake Buperior and
Missouri hematite ores, is nde with excellent results ip
the manufacture of Bessemer «tcl at Chicago. Mr. Roh
Jaun, 3he Superidiondent of tue Union Boning Mills
Hopi goilty ndiana coil secms to be Just the
15 4 Switieany fuel that the puddied iron made at
mtu owl from block coil 3d wenlovied t P.il3
Dre 4 70% gin wi masters: 4-0 4 CERILI AL Tote
Terre Huute, Dec. 12, 1671

rw. vORK DAILY TRIBUNE. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 187L
POLITIOAL MISCELLANY.
WPp—
PRESIDENT GRANT AND PERSONAL AP
POINTMENTS.
INJUDICIOUS DEFENSE AND AGGRESSIVE CRITI:
ber O01 LIM FTORIIRIPE 8 CAEIFL-TAIRE TERT IIS iii Vt tel tha
are of such a character that from time immemorial tho
Maco has been filled by a relative or near fricud of the
President.
VI, Alexander Sharpe, Presidect’s brother-in-law,
District of Columbia.
A first-class man and enpital appomtment ic a mem
recommended by
VIL. James F. Caser, President's brother-in-law, Collector of the
2 ot New-Oiloane, and electionecring agent for tie renomination of
Grant be means of U: ied States soldiers and Gatling gous,
Is not President's brother-in-law, but Mra. Grant's; has
proven an excellent Collector; carried ont many re
forms, partienlariy in takin z control of Custom-Ifouse
out of ipndsof politicians,
VIL James Lonestreet, Picsiden 's wite's cousin, Surveyor of tle
Port of New-Orl aus.
Is no relation whatever to either the President or his
wife.
1X. Silas Hudson, President's consin, Minister to Gnatemala,
Was strongly recommended by bis friends in Town;
President has but slight acquaintance with him.
X. N. A. Patton, President w.fe's cousin, Collector of the Port of
Galveston.
No relation. The President does not even know him.
XI. Orlanno H. Ross, President's coasin, clerk in the Third Auditor's
Office, Waslangton,
Was a gallant soldier; was appointed before Gront be
came President, and not on lis recommendation.
X11 Mr. Addison Dent, President's wife's third cousiu, clerk La the
Register's Office, Tre: surs Department, Washington.
No relation whelecor.
XII Georee B. Johusoa, President's third cousin, Assessor of Inter
pal Revenue, Thi d District of CLiv
No relation whalerver,
XIV. B. L. Winans, President’ cousin's husband, Postmastir of New
peri. Kr.
No relation whalever,
XV. A.W. Casey, President's brotherin-law's brother, Appraiser of
Customs, New-Orleans,
Is no relation cither of the President or Collector
Casey af New-Orleans, President docs not Know Lim,
XVI. Peter Casey, Prosdent’s bother in-law's brother, Postuaster of
Vicksburg, Mi
Mrs. Grant's brother-indaw’s brother; was a loyal
Soubierner. Not appointed us tie President's cholee,
XVIL ST. Lawtert, M.D, President's soe 1 e usin. Recener of
the Police Movess in Gregon; san! to be a defaulter, Lut retained io
office,
No such person in oflice in Oregon now or at any other
Hae,
ain, Renter W. Clarke, President's eonsin, Sppersisor of Interns)
Revene jor ontiern Unio,
No relation: was formerly a member of Congress from
Ohio.
XIX. C. A. For, President's cousin, Asse sor of Internal Revenue, St,
Lonis,
Is no relation whatever: is Collector, not Assessor, of
Internal Revenue, Mr. Delano says be isa first-class
officer; “if there ever was an hones man, he is one,”
XX. Dr. EM. Grant, Uiesisent's $urd cousin, Clora iu the Iuteroal
Revenue Dureasn, Washin ron,
No relation.
XXL EC, Darid, Presi tert's wife's conin's husband, 8 ecial Agent
of the Pet Of ce Department in Hhno's ena Towa
No relation: Present coos not know him.
XXI1. Charles I. Ballwin, Precideut's cousin's hashand, Mail Agent
in lentuc' sy,
No reietion: President does not know him.
XXL John J. Grant, Precident’s wo ond cousin, Assessor of Internal
Revenue Twelfth Listiict of New Yor.
No relation; President docs not know him,
XXIV. Alesapdcr Sharpe, jr, Prosidens nephew, Cadet st Aroavo
lis
Mra, Grant's, not the Presidents nephew,
XXV. Fr depo’ Deot Grant PP oosdints wom, Me ad Tientenart 4th
Co vnlry; gone to Lurope on a Whig have of wl wee granted Lan ty
Lis in r.
Avpointed to West Point by Johnsons 3 wat on leave
of absence, but is on duty on statl of tee Genciad ol LL
Ary.
Fiom The Cincinnati Commercial.
We are not ready to pronounce this effort of
The lines conclusive, A few remarks upon te sng.
mary disposition of the so-called relatives by the Times
will show how that journal finls, Tue President's father
was appointed Postinaster of Covington by Andy Jolin
ron, Toe od genticman Cid not need the oft e, and wa
not conapetont to diseinr,e is daira Presadont Groat
reappointed Lin, Neitlnov the wishes nor the ater
of the people ci Covigion hive been consulted, Tis
wis nel the worst of it. The old gentlenian had
for a long time an dmwense atlneace bop
celing oui appointacnuts, I
marched ahont the denartm nts nt Woh
incton, apd rected vat the ai ol ipaster wat shoud
be done. He os very old aud entried to Kind troatment,
and Lis zea! in a=istine Lis son in the adndmsirativi ot
bis share of the Government naght have heen passodas i
Lariale ss dodusion if it had not appears d that Le was ace
tually a power, IEwonid not be ddfiionit to: Low that Lie
Bad it score of appointments made, aad the Stoms's sean
dal revealed amon other things the inthienees to which
he was stusceptibies IU ds ouly fair to say thal re.
cently Lie has pot been ehtrasive and dat the lesson has
been learned in ich garters that it is not necessary to
defer to him.
The Bev, MJ, Cramer, Minister to Denmark, fsa man
who has weither chiactor, aecomplisments, nor
capacity for the poy ition, Heconll not Lave beea ap
pointed for any ether reawers than that of being the hos
band of the President's sis or, Tae President allowed
him to Qriit avo tor some cuenths, and sccined rather
reluctant to appoint him, hat yielded to famly nlnences,
Mr, Cram ris a wild yoang ian, and will wot do any
Lari throuch excess of enorey,
t
It i= true that Brig-Gen, Dont was not appointed to
the army by the Presidents Bat if he belongs to the
army, why is he not with the ariny If tae Presidency
1s a civil office, why do we ses a swarm of unl
itary secretaries! Tae Sau Franeisco Deat is acknowl
edged, but it is stated that ve was recommended hy the
Cahfornin Congress delegation. That is nonsense, He
is nothing it not the President's brother-in-law, The
Tudian trader Dent is not a salaaed ofifeer, buat the Pres
dential infhnenee gives him a iat place. Tt ay be that
Alexander Sharpe is a flest-clioes wan. He isin a good
position for his meriis to be recognized, Casey, the
New-Orleans brother-in-law, ican important office that
he is incapable of managing, sncbit as practically in the
hands of aesistants, who are belteved to be neither patri
otic nor honest, His presence ticle New-Orleans Caston
House is a well understood oh-tacle to reform, Tae Le
pabhean paviy has heen subjected Tierally nits State
Copvention in Lonisiana to bavonet rol Bat Casey is
there and nothing can be done, When Secretary Bout
well was here, the evidence of franduienl pract.ees in
New-Orleans was Ldd before him, hot the political neees
sities of Louisiana are such and so complicated wiih
brother-in-lawistw that no action bas been taien, Pog
haps Longsircet is not a relative, but the Deats clan
him, according to an interview with the colebrat Lav
fer that family, who sad, at the same time, tht o
vad only appeared before the President for is cic iu
a tiew cases.”
Now we will not go throngh the dismal list, hot sng.
gest that, in all probability, those who are not known 1o
the President may be known to wmembors of wis analy,
and appomted throogh their fnw@rposition. We kno
of appoimtments of that character not in rhe Sun's 1,
There are two cases, however, that we mast noice: No,
1o= Mr. Geo. B. Johuson—is disposed of by Lie Times 4
no relation whatever of the President, Is wite 4s, how
ever, connected with the famnly, and Mr, Johnson would
never have been heard of im connection with an ofl if
it hind not been for that relationship, Higappointment ex
cited astonishmeat and fudiznation  througheat the
Third District, and Gen, Schenck was furious on the sub
ject, The aMl-sufliclent reason for appointing him wis
that’ bis wife was a relative of the Grants.
He 18, wo believe, a good citizen, and makes
an fair ofliger. Mr. Winans, Postmaster of New
port, is brushed from the list of The limes, with the re
mark that he fs not a velative, Mie. Winans was a souree
of grief and amazement to the peopie of Newport, Ky,
When Lie was appointed he was an utter stranger iu tie
town. ‘The announcement by telegraph was supposed to
be a ndstake, becanse the existence of such person was
not known in the town to which be had®heen aceredited,
He eradually emerged with bis commision, and turned
nit to be fresh from the vicinity of the bivtli-place of the
President, nnd ff one Coder Magistrate don't know how
10 ix related to the Newport postinaster, he should usk
iis venerable father, who can tell all about it, and also
‘pliziten him as to many other wysterious appolut
nents in Kentoeky,
We Would prefer to see Gen. Grant retire from the
residency at the end of his pregent term, because we aro
aiast the cultivation of Lero worship, und the oye man
ower—hecause we do not believe tn the systein of uscrib
ne to one man the heroism and the industry, the histor
cil @lory and prodoctive energy of the Nutfon. It isnot
vell for a beapic, especially a’ Republican people, to hold
he doctriue that their-wellare depends upon the leader
hip “of an individual, Tn the first place, it is not true
hat un great paunie can be unable to care for themselves
0 the Dest ac Sauls save through some one of the he
ves of the day. The people of the United States, or a
ery large projortion of them, are too mueh in the habit
f talking as if Grant had crushed the Reoellfon and wus
ayig the debt, and doing everything worth doing. As
matter of fact bis performance as President bas not
ecn excellent, The country bas grown out of debt and
ito peaceful! ways, as it wonld have groan if any one
f a thousand citizens had been President. His merits
ave been rather in not doing than io doing.
Lo fs not an incorrigible and  furfous meddler
ke Andy Johnson, and that is one great
omfort; and he is being slowly taught by events—the
muesty passage iu his wessags being an indication of
rogress that is cheering. Tue Prosklent’s example in
lice hus npt been good. We do not charge him with
aving been corrupted by presents, bat his present
aking hos doue mischief, With the indorsement of the
eople for a second term, the result would be disastrons,
he distribution of offices among his relatives and hie
ae bh au Ri “W hoy tnfected the whole ety)
i nepotisin. The unwholeaomeo result Is to he
“ed on all aldos. His trequent aud protracted Fi
CIiOoM.
From The Now-York Times.
sence from Washington has prompted absentesism—nas
propagated the thor) that oft! duties are matters of
much smoking and riding about, and that it roquires a
great deal of self ihdul nce in the guise of recreation in
order $0 be in fashion. Notonly has the theory beon prop
sxated, the practice bas been promoted. The absen
teeism and nepotism, and prosent taking of the Presi
deut, which we believe have seriously emoralized the
olvil service, do not seem to jrow out of inherent care
lessness or viclousness—the ident has simply too far
accepted his adulstors’ estimate of his personal; im
portance, of his indispensable consequence. He has too
nearly acoopted the flattery that would persuade Chief
Magistrate at the office 1s a testimonial of public re
gard for lm personally, and is to he taken as compli
ment and used at convenience. Throughout the admin
istration of President Grant has appearcd tho evidence
that he was less appreciative of tho stern domands of
public duty than susceptible to tho allurements of pri
vate interest and convenience, and srsonnl feeling.
The best thought of the country isin favor of a change
in the Chiet Magistracy. The tone of the Administra
tion should be improved aa it cannot be improved with
out that change. Still the chances are that nothing can
be done, The Democracy will, in all probability, seo to
it that Grant is reélected, and we can stand it If
8 bosaing President. Oita gt. Louis farm Was a
THR SY I
PRESIDENT-MAKING AND REFORM.
STRIKING ARTICLE IN A VERY WIDELY CIRCU
LATED AGRICULTURAL JOURNAL.
i hi so-called 1st of “the President's rela
LATED AGRICULTURAL JOURNAL.
From Moore's Rural New- Yorker,
First: The pecuniary interests and general
welfare of the great commercial, producing, and Indus
trial classes of the soupy undoubtedly demand a de
cided reformi—an honest administration of our national,
State, municipal, county, and even township affairs.
This will be conceded by every intelligont reader who
dora not hold a sinecure position. That many of our
oftice-holders have become corrupt and venal 1s patent
to all who read the journals of the day. As to the thefts
of Tammany and U. 8. Government officials, we have
already exprosaed strong views, yet much more might
be said on this prolitic subject, Lad we epace fur Its dis
oussion,
{ven below of ita falsity. But at any rate, the man w bo
oes 80 publish, it wil stqug solf-convicted before the
IL erie Root Grant, Prevents, fasher, Postmaster o} Coviniion. (3
Avpuinted Rotel rs brother-in-law, Minister to
10. by Lincoln; transferre
Appointed dane Le etionict winister, a thorough
Deoumary IS ost competent man, and was highly recom
Second: That reform 13 necessary to preserve a Repuh
He which has not yet existed ona hundred years, wo ver
ily believe—and we furthermore believe that the People
must cone to the front, aud put down political schemers
and demagogucd, Lut whether it isa expedient to unite
the honest and independent members of the two domi
uant political parties is an open question, We think It
ought to be dome, and that the impending erigis renders
it expedient, The intelligent and straightforward por
tion of the community who pay tho expenses of Gov
ernment are disgusted with the mismanagement, cor
ruption, and venality of political leaders and officehold
ers, and if there ever was oo thno when a change which
“would be an improvement should be made, it 18 now.
The people are aroused—as witness their recent triumph
over the Tammany corrupltionizts m New-York City.
po trinmph was accomplished by the union of Repub
mened, Brig.-General F. hy} Dent, Predients brothepin-law, one
yy vib appointment; holds uo position of emolument
brother-in-law, Appraiser of Customs,
California delegation.
“exclusive Todian trider for
‘o worth $100.10) a year.
holds no office under
seerated.
Marsal of the
ANT ana Dy adriiin and the nomination and election,
on one ticket, of the best men of both parties. An in
flucntial journals of both partlés appreciate the issue,
Cand seem to be preparing for a great political upheaval—
anew programmes or deal which shall comprise the hon
est and straightforward men of all existing party organ
izations,
Third: As to naming candidates for President and Vice
President on a Reform Jicket, that asa delicate matter
for a neutral or independent journal, but, having said
thus much, we will suggest the names of afew men
whom we believe to be competent and incorruptible,
For example, a National Reform party could probably
safely adopt either of the following tickets, cach com
prising men of ditlerent polities, The tirst-n med person
1m each paragraphs for President, und the second for
Vice-President
Horace Greeley yi of New-York (the Dmp're Stas of the North);
Joshua Hill (1) of Georgia (the E npire State of the Soath),
a tine Fraucis Adams (D.) of Massachusetts; Gratz Brown (R.) of
Miso
Loan Trumbull (R.) of Minois: Joo Parher (I) of New Jersey.
W..o Groeshoek (1,) of Qive; Mar-Lall Po Willer (IR) of Mascachn
sti,
Joe I. Cox (1) of Ohio: Janes LL. Orr (D) of Foath Carolina,
8. J Tien (bn) of New-vorn, Auocr Bar (IL) of Moclugan,
Oar Reform Platform wor'd be sabatantinlly as fol
lows though oiber planks, equally nuportant, may be
omitted tn our haste of writing: 1. Only one Presidential
tern of six or cight years, 2. “uel reform in the Civil
serviee as would prevent the abuse of the appointing
power and its prostitution for pactian agevandizement.
4. No more grants of potiic lands to railways or other
corporations, 4. An Indian policy which wenld recog:
pize the Indians as citizens, and treat them as such. 5.
Abolition of the Incoine Zax, G6. Beduction of taxation
to the lowest point possinte, und meet the just demands
and obligations of the Government, 7. Au economical
admimstration of affairs, No repudiation® of the
National Debt, 9, Reduction of rates of postagh to the
Jowest possible point, sud the abollbon of the tranking
privilege, 100 A liberal regard for, and support of, all
scientine mvestigations that tend to aid in the develop:
went of our recouiees and to promots the general pros
perity and appreciate the standard of general intelli
gence, 11, A tem and dignified position relative to other
nations, and a swift and effective defense ol our flag and
of Amicaican citizenship in all parts of the workt 12,
Last, not least, Universal Amuesty to ail who npholt (be
Lt'uiol.
CLOAING EVIDENCE FoR THE PROSECUTION—
MISNOL'S SIDE OF THE CASE.
The trial of Joshiaa D. Minor, the alleged connter
foiter, win con bined vesterhov, William W. Applesate testifind:
Toe vornuz efer Pole! was erresicd, wen with him to No. 256
Rivingionst; we found thee two prescs and other macdwery for
wobore conntedets, ned ao geastity of the silk-Sher pager, on which
copterfit mores is pri ted; Boliard went into the snb-Lascment and
Urooglt out a large quanits of counterfeit moner and several plates for
prooting such mones; we al o found a quantity of engravers’ too's.
Louis P. Wintvey test’ iets In 1705 1 preested Minor in Cleveland,
Olio, woth a guantiir of comer tmoncy in his possession; he then
went br the nome of Co Jo Semivers, or JD. Minor [Minor stood up ard
Chitney preogniz A him as the man Le had arrested Minor was tried,
converted, and revit to tie Penitentiary.
Phileas 0 Boovellestifed 0 La 1655 Twas deputy sheriff or jailer in
event Of og st that tine I howd to arrest Joshua Da Minor; be
[rong to Mor] as tue wan Lerrestel: tiers was $7.0° in counter
rt ere upon hi tke time Leenm ot he mistaken nhont tis,
s Croservan re =Minor was a ut fo the pen tentiary for three sears;
woe present when he vas treed; he maid that bis vame wes Joshua D,
Mor edit wos put on the record as J. Co tummers, or Joshua D,
Moro
MoM Spenco twideds In 1055 1 was High Sheri Tin Covelan),
Gram otis then sto un and wasoec ognized hy the witness as the
Maur bh oot er lua lat Cloielind Mivor was tied for dealing in
emt rfeit mone wel sen to the peaientiare,
The prosecct onto pods case, Ja hs onening remarks to the
ary, Mr. Phen of con ol for the prisoner, sai’;
TOThe precentinn ie ton ecw helt up on tha evideres of the in.
former, Cole, wha las ben convietad of de: ling in counterfeit money,
ani vh tose lone’ from anotier tem in the papitentiare, has con
sented to be nod ws on toc] to secure if possibile, the conviction of Miror,
Foe woneit Colo wnd Maor ewe out of the gate in
frout of Mr. Mie ve bose, on the night of the arrest, they
were pet bya wan wae! Vou Houtea, who wished to inquire eon
coraing ore of Mr Minocs wor'men wlo was hurt that dar. He
wired ten and they wont down the Yoalevird together, Mr. Minor
Seto ht be was arta the deez steie to got sone medicine which
toe doatos bo lipresonte lor the burt man, On their way down they
were met he tao etl emen, who also aseoapinied them. These men
were oil walling won Mier vil Cote. s hen Kosai od Yhe Jeet of
the deseoi jg san they saw Cole oil Maer plone, Co'e n his pos
fo sivy he hate 1 1achaze DIT WT Jel np, acd w en they left
hens Mier Lod Lo expecta on of see'nzs iballard, and did not ses him
Bs
wat ppd Cos was rein bY two witnesses to take a
veils oat of his pocket, aud throw it between the
two von Minor as! Keunoe?, while tues wire simzgling together, Bal
Cet ban sancinteepr wi Cole on the might of Minor's arrest, as hie
Lat olf Lita et contd brine him the poten if be would give him ®1 500
for tie, ao oh Cle er cd todo. tie rep wiom we shall put on the
sia sar witnesses voll rot be raked up fromm State Prison and jails, hat
pre onsen ant wood citizens, Never, gentlemen, in all my practice
hoe levcngere hut ie so comn'ctely surrounded by tha network of
fom ag this. Plope shot oon, asi ivtelligon: boty of men, will weigh
vith the et prpartial eave wiatever these witnesses for the defen.e
wll have to soy foo, ened er, we are not Sy ask for merey for the
prisones det shelly Jor the edoiuistr dion of jude,
Joep Coat ree Sets Ta now an the cnt loy of A manafacturing
company, ot Noo Wore cn Flave known Joshua DD, Manor, the de
feu mnt gor hort thee con Dent to aoe Minor a year ago last Fall,
on business whe Tvawtiore a man woom hive sivee learned was
Col, White care teeie nai wall to Mr, Minor, I wish to speak to vou
proctels 0 Ma Minor pep eT age ne privecies with you—if vd
wel to sar angus, say at pow WIL said Col Whitley, vou
hare net done as vot prom ed al out wrens that letter, eee” Mr. Mi
nor r voaed tet lee bal net cet weaten it, bat if Col. Whitley would wait
be werdburt ot a wiih be seeord nly did he then read it so loud
thet Veas thoar fond vo near as ean peaember it was as fo'lows:
“hy ae Soe yon have any plates for printing counterfeis money,
vont lt hetd® pve them wp to Golo Whiter, so that no damage will be
vetaogiy one”
Nove was mentioned, and am unable to sta’e to whom the letter
was direeted,
Crome varnine md was arrested in 1677 for debt, ard put in Ludlow-#t.
Pod Sr vm watt ET ousthonn becde engaged in selling lignors and
chuars Dor tmpers rds Dacove dl for ore years in tie le war; then I
wertto New berm adn, wid wos node wn Tewncetor of Sewers lor the
Coon Avareduct Co owhiel otiee 1 he'd for two years; it was
wit 1 owas in thie efice that 1 became acquainted with
Mr Miaoss be was a contractor for buiiding sewers and grading streets;
brood tose Da etnost daily on bes works, snl thought hm a respecta
Plow dhorect won; for this roassn I was greatly astonished when
pearl re Atte letter to Col. Whit ey which he bad written, respect
nothe dei rne np of coanteret plates) thanking it curios that Le
shou Sev auething about such Butters,
Abheaingeda tll 1a, mL to-uay.

The ease of Mrs, Connolly, whose husband, Dr, T.
J. Conno ly, committed suicide six wouths ago, afer killing Lis two clill
dren, came up befor Jules Carluzo, yesterday. Mrs, Connolly subse
quently become insane, snd was so pronounced upon 8 vegnlar inquisi
tion, Messrs, Weeks an! Fostor befog the attoroess in the matter, Mr¥,
Connolly wos sent to an asi low, The next of hin filed a Svs that
Josiah 11 Baker be appoivted Comm tize of Mrs, Connolly's eshte and
reeson. This was vot Jone, Lut Sali B, Strong, jr., was appointed
ujou ex parte gj plication on a uote to that «fet, signed by Mrs. Con.
nolly's two brothers, Jobw and Thomas ha!'oran, The broilers now, sak
that ttat order Le so midde, ou the ground that at the thue ‘they signed
the paper it represented tet Josinh 17. Baker was to have charze of the
estate, and only a port of the naper wes read to thew that the nxt of
kin had no noth o7 00 Leaton; that Mr, trong was not of gs er party
to have chiir.e oo! *revwon, and that he bas soll ard disposd of
all her b reotnl pro er without suthorit, or leave of *he Court, th eye
tate of Dr, Connolly swouuting to about 70,000, Decision reserved,

tle
The cases of Jacob Worth and others of the Six
teenth Ward, Brooklyn, implicated fu the election funds, was fost; oued
yesterday,
The case of Bowen agt. Chase, known as thy Jumel
ease. will come up before Jad: Cardozo to-morrow on an apnlicatfon 1g
Lave ceriam papers replaced, which bave been taken by Neeon Chase,
the d tenant, or by Janes C. Carter, trom the oilies of the Clers of (he
City and County of New-York.
—————ae.
C. L. Rost of No, 19 Mott-st., charged with sellin g
whisky without a Jieense, wan relessed, yesterday, on Lis own recog
pizance by Commissioner Bhiekls,
At the Tombs Police Court, Justice Hogan com
witted Rachel Dougan ant Laabells Hankusky for having broken into the
spartineut of Solomon Buon, a fe low tant, at No. 62 Bayarlst,, 1a
Lis teviporary absence, and #t den jewelry, valae $05),
At the Jefterson Market Police Con®t, William
Burke was accuse yesterday, of embealing ui120 65 of the fun's of
the Father Matthew T. A B. Rociet Tue ew of Mat ey J,
O'Rourke. charged with refasing to pay his board bill, was adjourn -d
until to-day,

At the Essex Market Police Court, Daniel O. Dono
van and Jolin Dwyer were committe! yestenday, for Gring at Officer
Waklron of the Fourteenth Precinct... Bernanl Brineki was compel il
Lomi 8 bod for $50 to desist from aunnying the congregation of the
Chrestie ot byunago ue, by Suspeuiing the dead bodies of swine iu trout
of his but-her shop, opposit: the Jewish place of worship.
In tho Conrt of General Sessions, before Recorder
lia what, Jat aol, Cee bom be sbney aud i TL TU TT RIP
Drew of Ko. 214 Raat Kinth-st., at Firet-ave, aud Eleventh-st., Nor, 3,
Was oct Wo State U'rison for Ave Jeu wt bard labor... Kohd Olbway,

Til COURTS.

TIE MINOR TRIAL.
TH! ESTATE OF A SI'ICIDYE.
CIVIL NOTES.
d
CRIMINAL COURTS.

embeusllag $1,200 from the Anchor Line Steamship Orroany. five vears
on frat ni LE LER aber an eco A
v. inch. o term rier Il ack
ott. The ed eY usted ot hd hei
Frank Anderson was tried in the Court of Oyer
ond Terminer, [Serdar on the ebarge of carrying eoncea led weapons,
oud was acquitted. Charles Clark, sharged with breaking into the dog
and bird store of Daniel Barns aad steals ve terrizrs worth 3.3. was
aiquitead Michael Oonlan, ry stabblug Matthew Manning
wiih 8 dirk, was coavieted of simple sssanlt, and s~oteseed to 30 days in
Er RT TR ep
veasCha tra i w
valoe $50, State Prison 2) years. Aa, Rosleg we
Supreme Court Chambers By Judge Cardozo.
Mutual Life Insursnce Co. agt. Church of the Holy Light; Christal at.
Christal. —Motion denied, conta to abide event. Allen sgt. Fo'th.—Jndg
ment granted. Congdon ag. Heman.—Allowanee of 2} per cent press.
Young aqt. Young. Motion granted, Lace opt, Cole. —Motion granted.
The N American Life Insurance Co. agt. lin (3 cases).—Judgment
onlered. Worth agt. West et al. Judgment gravid. Fhook sgt. Larkin.
~Judgment granted. Abbott agt. West et al.—Judgment granted. Bar
stock art. Chryatic.—Jadsment grapted. Manhatten Life Insurance Co.
sgt. Reddan.—Referonce ordered, Matual Life Insurance Co, #gt. Camp.
Reference ordered. Degrasf agt. Slate.—Motion denied, without costs.
Nissen at. Dusan.--Motiol granted. Beyer agt. Baal.—Motion to
change place of trial denied; costs to abide event. Knowles agh Me
Christer et al. —Jndgment granted.
Superior Court—Svecial Term—By Judge Freedman.
—0O' Brien, Sheriff, ke. agt. The Merchants’ Ina. Co.—Order granted.
Fisher a. Bisivop—Orier granted, The New Boston Coal Miniog Co.
agt. Packer et al.—Relerence ordered. O'Neil agt. Ga Maey.—Ovier
granted. Caldwell agt. The Hotchkiss Brick Machina Co.—Onler
Feniod. Carpenter agt. Carpenter.—Reference ordered. Lalor agt
eitellar,.—Order granted.
Br Jalge Spencer.—Bartlett agt. Bradley, ~Motion decided. (See
opinion with Clerk at Chambers.)
DECISIONS IN THE COURT OF APPPALS.—ALBANY,
N.'Y., Dee. 19.—Judgments affirmed with costs —Dexter sgt. Norton,
Healy agt. Reilly, Pindor y Ttesolute Fire Insurance Company, Bryant
agt. Trimmon, Petrie sgt. Cooke. Judgments reversed ana pew trials
fon costs to abide event —Torrance agt. Conger Ward agt. New
ork Central Railroad Company, Dowrs sgt. New York Central Rail-oad
Company, Curtis agt. A MeMahon sagt. Rosch, Judgments of New
York Common Pleas reversed. and judgment for defendant without costs
to cither party.—Jacobs sgt. Morange. Order of General Term reversed,
and order of Special armed with costw—Fulies ah Conce. Orders
granting new tr als affirmea.— Low egt. Hall, Nichols agt. Mead. The
onlers of the Supreme Court, a) fur as they ¢irect u stay of proceedings
by apneal, or otherwise, of the appellant reversed, —Brinecley agl.
Lrinckley. Appeals disan.seed.— Bennett sgh. Lake, YounglLouss ast.
Yiugar. fo
a ltl—
COPRT CALENDARS ~Tris Dav
frengMr  CotRT—CHAMDERS.—CARDOZO, J.—Opens at 2% a m
Sy Calendar called at 12m. o ar
ye PER ood ull ubdater™y wil it TH TINGE TE i Tam TE
Cui RR LL LL eh chad di IR 4 AY Pd dati aia
Calendar called at 12m.
'3..First National Dank of N.Y. 83,.The Peor le agt. To'neco Man
agt. The Star Metal Co. nfae'nrers’ Assoc’n,
15... Wade agt. Fmith, 07..Ni ols agt. Hunt.
42,.P.uMirg agt. Panlding, yw agt. Dupean etal,
60.. The People "u Brauley. 2. Gescleidt agt. Kubo.
2, Hexton ag, Kine. 119, Her ey agt, Hazard,
Surgms CoUunT='PECIAL TERN. ~ViARNARD, J.=Opens at 11a. m,
apt on.
Cirerit—Pant 1—Vax Biost, J.—Opens at 1 0. m.
251..Whalan sgt. Lynch, 69..58;rny at, Rasch,
210. Great Western Ins Co. azt. 151.. Hubbard et al. agt. O'Brien,
Tle Maul attan Jur. Co. Sherif?, Le.
375. Ni-gins agt. Hyatt ct sl 507..The Nat. City B'k of N. Y.
501, Mal. on agt. Wilsm, ag’. Worth.
2234, Gerd.ng agt. Kobbe. 777}. Mittnaclt agt. Roberts et al.
521... Benedict etal, sgt Talor, 739. Leaving agt. The N. Y. Life
657... Meyer etal, rgb. Dix et al, Ins. Co.

9s. Clissian agt. L. Leland BR. 741... Cecil agt, Lawton ¢t al,
Co. 743. .8mith et al, agt, Milken,
30%.. Rodman agt Jones. 745..Baaehhe.mer agt. \itenbafer,
ol... Fitzpatrick sgt. O'Brien, 7i%..0rmsbee 2gt. Brown.
sheriff, &e. 719. .Grifing et al. agt. MeBlroy.
Pait IL=Drany, J.—Opens at 11 a. m.
2037... The People ex rel. Murray 1618 The Peap’* ex rel Stemmler
sgt. Coulter, agt. McGuire,
Srperion CouRT—THIAL Tray —PArT L—3oxaLL, J.—Opcos at 11
mn
a
545.. Klein agt. Badernkop, 227..Ross agt, Colling, Linpl'd.
215. Dunean agt. Berlin 1215. Mitchell egt. Gordon et al.
mes et al. ng’. Roberta, 1137..Doscher et agt, Khaw,
157.
£71. Fleisehl ast, Mason. Fates et al, set. Welln,
1221... Reiveke age, Flecke. l..same agt. The Howe Ins. Co.
1225, Shortoll wgt. Lovienthal of N. Y.
1067... Sermour ot #l. ri, O Brien, 903..8ame agt. 7 he Noith Am. Tus.
1671, Deming agt, Paleston, Co.
£95, Julian agt. O Brion,
Pars IL —Spesern, J.—Opens at 11a. m —Case on.
Coxyoy PLEAs=TRIAL Torr —Parr L=J. F. DALY, J.—0)eus at
11», m,—Case on.
MARINE CoURT—TRIAL AE M.—PAuT L—ALKER, J.—Opens at
1 am
7505, .Eis'nz agt, Leyr. (3324, Forzie agt, Berle,
3°51.. Bancroft agt, Kidd, 49, Tap, an ag, H sel),
631, Helamever ag’, Bones, 1491, The Loke superior wad Preset
63, Hunts Il agt, Rod, ors, Sound Trans az 0 Dien,
TIT Same agt, Sane. os, Nieto'senagt, Whitt her,
Avschacfor at, Boral,
Neamen agt. Loneh,
tenet agt, Carroll,
mys
WLLL
200, Wallroth sagt. Bergeran,
72. Wheeler agt, Melvin,
09, Von Frels ogt, Nord
rl
7100. I'ravere agt Meld ar, 4107, Bennett agt, Rosenthal.
Parr LU —Siea, J =O ersat los, m,
7709, Lawler agt. Shiloes Tr 2. ioss azt. Donneilr,
i... Barry agt, Coughlin, 00. Retser agt. Kenger,
7090, Fe theim agt, kiss, Th. Beigel apt, Runk.
71:7... 8¢cigel ngt. Nicholas. Willismeon ag, Sheil,
(445... Bell ugt. Paoenix. T..8eward ogt. Wostiay.
7045. M dder agt. Weeks, Lo Pischagt, Plax,
7462. .McOanl sagt. Gillies. 559... Samuels gt. Wen bp.


7324. .Mittnacht sagt. Kreler,
Parr HL=Juacninseys, J.—Opeos ct 10am.
794. .Greene agt. Hall, pat, Catef agt. Met nllongh,
505i... Graham agt, Ullver. 1h Lam agt. Walls,
7157. Beigel agt. NicLols. 23.0.. erns egte Mebnvit,
7512. .Maarer agt, Honk, 20, Murphy apt. Sora
£135..Cleary agt, The Am. Nickel #777..8imp on gl, HEL vom.
Plating Co. Plot Ch omE8 £5, Lillert,
372 Montague sgt. W Von Wise agt. Lulert.
CAT 00BIReN are. aul: 1PM, Ryan 8 jork.
L336. MeGuckea agt. Sith, "wort, Bonudy agt, W
63.2... Altshiceler agt. Bennul, (432, Graham agt. Doyle?
Ovir AND FORMER TN naw,
Witkiam Marr, ripe leontinue ty; Barelay Deviilé¥, robbery: Johe
Boiv. burglary: Joh Met reath, bursary John Myers. grad larceny;
Joln MePaul, larceny from the person; James Rouvney, lurceuy from the
prason.
GipNerAL SPastoN<=Defore Recorder HaCkETT,
John Ander-on. felontons asan't and batters; John Olsen, felovions
s<ranit and battery: Georee King, «rand lseeeny Howry Tiffany, grand
lereeny amu] Seheibe, grand tareeav; Willam Burus, grand larceny;
Mary Gannon, larceny from the person; Francis Lombard, earring cou
cealed we pons, i
Tot dioniwT sod A kPa Arweanidr Than 430 Than Avr
ing is the caliudar for Dec. 20—=Nos, 460, 495, 570, 467, 457, 639, 434, Jul,
WasuiNaToN, Dee, 19.—-The following is the aggre
gate of returns for the year ending June 1, 1570, received at the Census
I08.9'6,361 Tobacco, pounde.......
Acres, woodland... 123,998,121 Cotton, bales,
Acres, unimproted,.... 5 F660 Wool, poands......
Cash value of farms... J, 261,735, 21 Potatoes, bushels,
Cash value of agricultu- Sweet Potatoes, bu:-lels
ral implements...... 939,830 a1 Wine, gallons....ouuuns
Wagespaid seress SI006RATY Cliecse, pounds........
Farm products,........2 45.00 2.579 Bu ter, ponnds..
Value of live wiock, ...1. 2: 271.514 Milk, gallons...
Wheat, bughels... 267,730 831, (Hay. tous...
Rye, hashels,...... 17 000.0 0' Hops, ponnd
Indian Corn bus! e! 760.973, 04 Sugar Sane} Do
Oats, bushels. .o.ouia, 95 996 Sugar (inavle), pounds,
Bale. bushels...ooa., 20.561 265] Molasses (cane), gallons
Buchs est, busi els,.oy 9021,602 Molasses Sorghuin, gals
Rice, poutidse vas 73.635,021
sees
o
we
EES. SSH
FP
Actes, improved.
entire country:
262,719,540
2,999.721
102,053,204
143.25 000
216340 0
3,006,000
53.442,000
514,002,460
236,500 0.0
27.416,000
28,456 100
#7 043,00
23.443 000
6,600,004)
16,041,000
A PRISONER DIES FROM NEGLECT,
AVE THEA TTUAY LL Jai, apt OJ, Ha Yim TTL BR Hath, suas
tache, and eyes, ana wear.ng bleck coat and pantaloous, was found, early
yestenlar, intoxicated and uneonscious, at ‘Tweutr-uinth-st. and Sixth,
ave., and removed to the Thirtietk-st. Police-Stition. Contrary to the
police regulations, Sergeant McElwaine, in command of the station-hou«e
at the time, di! wot summon a surgeon to examine the prisoper, but
ordered him to te rewoved to a cell. The doonaan visited hw only once
from the tue Le was placed in his cell until b4 a. w., when tie prisoners
were turre! ont; the unknown man was then fonnd to be dead. Charges
bave bern preerred by Superintendent Kelso against Sergeant McElwain
and Door:usu lenucdy for gross negleet of daty.
C17TY GOVERNMENT,
Board of Assistant Aldermen.
OTrPICIAL) Torspay, Dee, 19, 1871-2 o'clock p.m.
STATED
The Board met in their Chamber, No. 16 City Hall,
pursnant to adjournment,
Present=Joln Galvin, esq., President, in the chair,
aud the following members:
Assistant Aldermen Terence Deis, Lyaaght, O'Brien,
Robinson, Healy, Hampson, Odell, Costello, Barker,
Rely, Durnin, Feituer, Garry, McDouald, Tuos. Dufly,
and McCarthy —17,
Tue minutes of meetings beld Oct. 30, Nov. 6, 13, 20, 27,
Dee. 4, 11, and 14 were read and approved.
PETITIONS,
By Assistant Alderman McCarthy—
Petition of Richard Kennedy to be reimbursed for the
Joss of a horse, cart, and harness, caused by a dilapidated
er,
3 In connectiom therewi*h, Assistant Alderman McCar
thy presented the following resolution
Resolved, That the Comptrolier be and he {8 hereby au
thorized and directed to draw his warrant in favor of
Richard Kennedy for the sum of flve hundred dollars, to
reimburse him for tha loss of a horse, cart, and harness
at the foot of Eighty-sivih-st,, East River, on the 4th da
of December, 1871, caused by the liaptated condition ot
the Dex thereat, gnld amount to be chargod to the appro
pria lon for Donations,” or any other appropriate ac
count,
Which was laid over.
RESOLUTIONS,
By Assistant Alderman Thomas Dofty
Resolved, That on both sides ot Seventy-fourth-st.,
from First-ate, to the East River, curb and gutter stones
be set, and the gidewalks bo flagged and reflageged full
wid(h, where not already done, under the direction of
the Commissioner of Public Works; and that the acco
vanying ordinance therefor be adopted.
Which was laid over.
By Asegistant Alderman Thomas Duffy
Kegoloed, That BeveuLs fourth from First-ave, to
the East River, be paved with Belgian or trap-block
pavement, and that at the several intersecting streets
and avenues crosswalks be 1afd where not now laid, and
reluld where those now Inid are, In the ap cton of the
Commissioner of Panis Works, no# in good repair, or are
not upon a grade adap¥ed to the grade of the proposed
pew pavement, under the direction of the Commissioner
of Public Wurks; and that the accompanylog ordinance
therefor be adopted.
Which was laid over,
By Assistaut Alderman Garry—
Resoleed, ‘That a street Lvgp bs placed and lighted on
the north-east corner of Third-ave. and Thirty-second-st.;
under the direétion of the Comulssioner ot Publie Wagks.
Which was laid over,
hy Aueiytiipt Alderman Feltner—
Resolved, That Pity fifth ot, from Broadway to Sev
oulli-av4., be paved with Belglan or trapblock pavement,
und that at the several ph gg streots and avenues
crosswalks be luld wiiere not now liid, and relaid where
those now laid are, in the opinion of the Commissioner of
Public Worss, uot in food ropalr, ov are not upcn grado
adapted to the grade of the proposed new pavement,
under the diecetion of the Commissioner of Pablio
Works; and that the accompanying ordinance therefor
be adopted,
Which was laid over.
Ly A«daant Alderman Healy
Lesoleed, That vevmission be and the same ls he eby
given to Cycle Dion, to substitute au ovaamental ap,
of size nud design to bo prescribed by tas Cominission re
of Puicde Works, fot the Lamp uow on the lap post in
frout oo No, zis Broadway, provided tie same be done at
Lia yw nexpense, sid unaer thedirections of said Comn
Ids done,
Tho Vresident put the question whether the Board
wold notee with said resolution,
Woke vas decided in the athemative by the following
Fis ete vol all the wewbers ciceied voting in
avor the ent):
Aliirma nv e—= Assistant Aldormen Toreuce Duffy, Ly
gahit, O30 en, the President, Asslstant Atdermen Robe
ison, Heal, Hanpeeyn, Odell, Costelio, Barker, Rellly,
Burin, Febare, Gatey, McDonald, Thomas butly, and
McCarthy 17,
Atl 1] Wie was directed to be scut to the Board of
By Asaistaut Alderman §-41ly—
Jicavibed, Lual Plibiselvid bo id the sawe bs hereby
DECISIONS. Dec. 19.
CI'NNI'S PETITENS
given to Harry A. TTudson to erect and lichta
mental street lamp in front of No. 108 Third-nve, (ty 1
connected with his private meter), provided the same
be done at his own sxpehie, and under the direction of
tae Magi of Rube Works.
sident pnt the question whether
would agree Cuil avid rostnthon, Thee the Noana
Sieh vas decided in the atiirmative by the following
favor thereon” of all the members clected voting in
rmative—Assistant Aldermen Terence Dn
saght, O’Brien, the President, Assistant 1 Rg no
0 Hoar, Hamiwon, Oded, Oomyelio, Barker, Riclly,
eitner, Gar cDouald,
McCarthy 41. ry, Thomas Dufly, and
And the same was directed to be sent te 0
Aldermen for concurrence. Lio the Board of
REROLTUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN ADLOY
Resolutions~To permit J. A. Palzoto eth TED,
for the bank situated on the sonth-wesi corn r of
Bleecker-st. and Bouth Fifth-nve.; to permit Hugh Me.
Cormick to curb and flagon the north-east corner of Cin
hundred-and-twenty-sixth-st, and E. ghth-ave,; to PAI
James McLaughlin to curb In front of his property
Eighthave. and One-hundred-and-twenty-fifthat; g,
permit Robert McCafferty to construct a hay window in
Sin RUlANg on the ROkHe94) corner of Loxington-ave
and y-fiith-st., and appointing sun or on
missjoners of Deeds, i oi dry persons Cour
ORDINANCE OF THF. BOARD OF ALDERMEN KEFERRVD
Amendatory of Fhiapiar 40 of the Revised Ord nances
of 1568, regulating hacks, &e.
RESOLUTIONS OP TIE BOARD OF ALDERMEN LAID OViR
Rerolntions=To place a lamp in front of No, 233 Last
Twenty-fourth-st.; also one in front of No, 242 Tuird-ayve.;
also one on south-east corner of Seveuth-ive. and
Twenty-sixth-st.; also one or posite No, 107 Vest Foity.
ninth-st.; to place two lamps opposite No, 200 West
i #180 opposite cach cutranee to the yild.
ing of the Young Men's Christian Asaciution; al=o opjo
site Grammer School No, 46; to fence in vacant lots on
east side of Seventhave., between Fifty-<cvent and
Fifty-efzhth-sta.; on the north-east corner of Fifth ave,
and Ports iti ot; west side of Broadway, between
Fifty-sixth and Fifty-seventh-sts,; to regulate, &e., One.
hundred-and-twenty-fifth-st., frow Manhattan at, to
North River; One-hund aud-twepty-sixth-st,, from
Eighth-ave. to Lawiercé-s a from
Eiguth-ave. to Toulevard Fifth-ave., from Ninctieth to
One-hund ed-ind-tenth-st.; to lay Belgian pavement in
PR wl from Broadway to Last River: Lighty-aey.
toth-s 1rdm Third to Fifthi-ave.; to pay Commission rs
of the Sinking Fund and Prezident of ech Board of the
Common Council for extra services, and to curb and flag
rorth side of Forty-cighth-st,, boteoon Mod on and
Fifth-aves.
GENERAL ORDERS,
Resolutions=Directing and authorizing the Nw.
York and Harlem Railroad Company (owas ¢erin
improvements in Fonrth-ave. ahove Forty second-sf, to
curb and flag on north side of Seventy-third-st., betwen
Madison aud Tulrd-aves, south side Delancey-t, from
Goerck to Manhgin-ate,; to lay Belyian pavement in
Fifty-tifth-st., from Eleventh-ave. to the North iver;
Eighteenth st, from First-ave to Broadway Twente h
«t., from Reventh-ave, to North River; to repair poe
ment in Market, Pike, and Rulgers-st<, from Division.
to East River; lay a cross-walk actoss Eleventlist, on.
posite St. Ann's Parochial School fram No, 175 Snthst,
to ferry gute to flag west side ot Fourth-st., irom Chrys
topher to Grove-st.; east 8ide of Ninth-ave., trou
Twelith to Thirteenth-<t, in fron: of No, 550 Grand s',;
to build a sewer in Little West Twelfth-st,, from Ninil to
Tenth-aves.; to regulate, &e., Thirty-eizhth--t,, between
First-ave. and East River; to erect iron driking-tonn.
tainz on norti-easi corner of First-ave, and Onc-inudred.
and-fourteenth-st, south west coruer linrd-ave. sud
Eighty-seventh-st, west side South Fifth-ave, 13 tet
fre sonth-west corner of Houston-st,; on east sit of
Varick-st., 20 feet from Chariton-st.; ou wesl side 2onth
CFhith-ave., 20 feet south of Grove-st.; to plice a ire
hydrant on south-east corner Firstave, and Keveriy
third-st. to place a water-trough ou nortii-east corer ot
Prst-ave, and One-bundred-and-fourtecntn-st,; to permis
the Directors of the Opthalmic Hospital to put up orou
mental columns on there buikling on north-cast corer
Yhird-ave. und Twenty-third-st.; to permit oyuver of
w&mmit House,” corner Bowery nd Canalst,, ie cree
balcony und light lateps opposite the wan cutrance; to
permit Bast River Ferry Co, to lay two crosswalks cppo
site terry entrances; to permit Police Commissioners to
construct vault for new poilce station tor Fourteenth
Precined; to permit Jo Go Bernuds to crect a big =whiiow
on ~onth-west corner of Church and Iabherty-s12 to per.
wit J. Dingwall to place an ornamental Lump io front
Cf No. siz Bioadway; to place an ormamental bap bes
tween Nos, 126 and 123 Madison-st; to place a lainb on
«orfth-enet corner Clarkson and Gre nwici-st.; on norin.
weat corner Avenue D oand Eighth-st; in tront of 5,
Miry ss hood; do drtont of No. 811 Broadway; opjpo-iie
No. Al East E'eventli-st; on north-west corner Too i
ave. ena Fify fifth-st; to place two lamps oppT ite the
f ‘Word Eavings Bank; improving St, Elizabeth
ae-hundred-andeighty-fifth-st; to place
ame aeentrance of the NOY. Eye aod Ear Tuitio
vy NOL 26S coind-ave,
Wt vere severally adopted by the following vot:
Shar otve=—Assistant Aldermen Terence Dutly, Ly.
tO den, the President, Assistant Aldermen Boobie
wi, Hen, Hampson, Odell, Costello, Barker, Rellly
Loree Foituer, Garey, McDonald, Thomas Duty, aud
del arihy 1.
Ou onthe Board then adjourned to Thursday, 21st
inal, at 2 wm. Wittias lH. Morosey, Cloak


py
FROM RIO JANEIRO, &e.—In steamship Merrimack, Dee, 19
Joseph G, Fuller. Col. Wm. H. Hantley, tl. M. Coliuer, FG, Golick,
Cpt. U. Doan, A, H. Burns, L. Sebmalto, Prof. C.F, HH rit, Les ce
Datoureq, Win. CC, Bates, Col. Wm. Cr.edton, Capt. H. Marquis. Aris
tides G. Herreres, Ur. A. Royal, F.C, Gowing, Milton Litzen'v Jor, BP
Mallbap, J. Leech, 8. Flool. G. Davenport, G. O'Convor Burue bres
tas, Jolin Nelson, John Robinson, J, Taylor, A. 3. Varges, K. DeCLaves.
Sun nees...... 1:20 Suneeds.......... 4:00 Moon se's....... 1.15
WIG WATER THIS DAY— a. M,
sandy Hook.... 2.24 Gov's (sland.... 4:75, Hell Gate Perr... 4 44
Wii WATEK THIS DAY—P. MN.
Sandy UHook..... 2:00 i Gov's Island.... 3:21; Hell Gate Perry... 5.10
PORT OF NEW-TOKK ...ovvervssnrsn.DECEMBRE 19.
CLEARFD.
Rteamship Regulator, Freeman. Wilmington, Lorillard Steamshin Co.
Steamship Beuefaetor, Jones, Pliladewpuia, Lonillard Stoamstip Co.
Breamasiip Delaware, Crocker, New-Huven,
Steam-hip Virgo, Bulkley, Savannah, Ga,, Murray, Ferris Co,
Bte.wnship Charleston, Berry, Charleston, 8. C,H. R. Mo:zen Co,
C Steamship Hatteras, Lawrence, Noriols, &c., Old Dominion Steamship
o.
Steamship Wm. P, Clyde, Drew, Norfolk, City Point and Richmond,
Washington Co.
dteamship Albemarle, Couch, Norfolk, City Point and RicLoond,
Old Dominion Steamship Co.
Bark Alliance (Nor.), Larsen. Queenstown for orders, Tetens Bock
mann.
Bark Trait d'Union, Ballow. Port-au-Prince, R. Murry, ir.
Bark Eliza Burss (Ur Vesey, Hamilton, Bermuda, VAT Co
Brig Henry N. eaves, Coombs, Bt. P erre, Winchester fone.
Brig Gazelle, Cole, Si. Jolns, P. R., Brett, bon Co.
Behr. Addie Wes:els, Thompson, Savana-ia Mar, eG Wessels Co
Schr. Hattie Paige. Haley, son e Van Brat Bo
Schr. Minnehaha, Douglas, Newbern. N. (1 ho nas, Holwes Co
Behr. Addie Ryerson Pike, Boston, Jud Frye Co,
Sehr. 0, C. Acken, Mead, Stamford, Stamfont Mavufacturisg Co.
Sloop Emily, Mapes, New-laren,
ARRIVED, e
Rteamship Mersimae, Weir, Rio Janeiro Nov. 25, Dahia 20th Pername
buco Dee. 1, Para uth, and St. Thomas 13th, with mdse, aud pas. to Wo
R. Gariison,
Sreuinablp Montgomery, Faircisti, 8... ub, with mdse. and pam to
Robt. Lowden
Steainship  Maubattan, Woodhall, Qlarleston, 8. C., with mdse, aad
pass, to H. R. Morgan Co.
Steamship Ran Salvados, Nickerson, Savannab, with mdse. nd
pass. to W. R. Garrison.
Steamship Hetieras, Lawrence, Norfolk, with mise. and pass. to ou
Dominion bteawship Co. x
Jun Le Gloire (ot Wiodsor, N. 8.). Rood, Liverpool Oct. 16, with
mise,
Bark Dagmar (Nor.). Olsen, Tralee 57 days, fu ballast.
Bark 8yra (of Pembroke). Corring, Marseilles Oct. 17, with mdse.
Bee dilec (of Amble), Wool, Batavia Aug. 19, and Pedaug septs 18.
with coffee,
Brig Nile (of mods), Nickerson. Para 25 davs, with rubber
Brig L. Vi. armstrong (of New-Haver), Marys, Demerara 21 dams,
with suyar.
Brig James Crosby (of New-London), Fargo, Fajardo, P. I. Nov. 13,
via Newport Dee. LL, with molasses.
Bris Cons. A. Loar) (Br.), Messenger, 8t. Jolus, P. B., 17 days with
sugar, coffe, Se.
ing Beaver (Br), Pringle, Rocilind, N. B.. 20 days, with building
stow,
sehr, Sarah Jane (Br), Ferguson, Havaza 16 days, via New Loodes,
with sugar.
Sehr F. St. Clair Edwards, Ireland, Nassau 15 dave, with mdse.
Schr, Lizzie Lo Mills (of Bangor), Anwstrong, J rewle 23 days, with
og woul,
a. Jliaie fof Brookhaven), Hudson, Indiane'a 20 ay, with cotton
Schr. Moses 8. Brambal!, Stoa!, Savanah 10 dss, wich lumber.
Schr, Fanny K. baw, Watis, Fermandiaa, Fla., [1 aay, with lumber.
SCHOONERS—~KIVEK 3p ng 1 TI
«le of Pines. Virginia. eporter Phila 1.
Richard Bullwiukell, Port Johnsou. Nels 1. Benedict, Port Johass
Sarzh Louise, Port Johnson. Thos, F.teh, Virglula.
Nightingale, Virginia. Breese, Virginia,
H. 8. Brooks, Providence A. Bartlett, Providence.
O14 Zack, New-Haven, K. J. Osrley, Provaience.
F. A, Chres-bro. Millstone Point. Frank Ramil; h, New Haver
Cul. Eddy. Providence. Albert Mason, Gsorgetown, Ih C
SAILED.
Rtearnehips =Thuringia, for Lawburg; Denmask, for Loodos; Virgo,
for Ssvaunah,
WIND—Susset, light, W.; sowing harl.
DOMESTIC" PORTS,
Bostoy, Dee. 10.= Arrived, steams’ iis Tripoli, (Br.), from Liverposh
McClellan, fom Baltimore: ship Mulucea, from Foo Chow; barks fd
bern, from Aviwerp; Lavigia, from Rover lam; Hesper from Bousire.
Forties Moskos, Dee, 19, —Arrived, brig Chowan, from Kio Janelr®,
for orders
FOREIGN PORTS,
QursNsTowN, Dee. 19. =The luisa slenmsbip City of Autwerp, Cask
Kvngg. which sailed from New-York Dec, 9, for Liverpool, toacbed 8
this port ut 3 w'cloek this morning. and shortly sfer procceded. Tbe
Conard we Amiiip Samaria, yo Billinge, frem Boston Dee. 9, toached
at this poit to day cn route to Liveswool.
MoviLue Dec. 19,~The Anchor live steamship Dorizn, Capt. Yoouk.
from New-York Dec. 2, toucued ab this port yesterday vn ide We Ld
Glasgow,
NAVAL.
The 1". 8 steamship I ancaster, fag ship of the Routh Atlantie ps
foe, Admiral Laumscn, was at Rio Janeiro Nov. 23, but was to sail
ortey down a few ae) a
Tie Weep Con, Que bentest, and the Tientorory, Com. Badger:
MEAL Bh Mv had ates bv) Mm vl Vb GE Badu vu, vind
The U. 8 sicamsiip sbawmut Capt. Potter, rv Sewass, arrived 8
BL A buinas Dec, 13, sad. 206 otiil in port Jeb; all well
DiLLakTUEE QF FORELGN ararrT

“aa EDNESDAY. Dic. 20
Malls fo ued, YA YJueetitons aud Liverpon!, per steamship
Nevada, x tlhe, wm A Bapplementary Mai ca Pier Noo to host
River is loses at 42:15 p.m,
A Prassien Closed Mail is sent by this line,
[All letrera copomted du dupprementary Mails must be prepaid v.th
double postage.
THURSDAY. Dee. 21
Mails for Key vost, Havana, aud tbe West [ulice, by steamship Co
lmnbia elose ot 2p, mw.
Mails for Pori-au Platte, Samana and San Lomiugo. per steamship
T;bee, closé at 2 p.m.
FRIDAY, Dec. 22.
No Steamship Mails.
SATURDAY, Dze. 23
Meils for Europe via Liverpool), rer steamship City of Now York,
ciose at il.00 a, m. A Sopplementary Mail, ou Pier Noo 40 NK. 18
closed at p. m. A Pruscizu closed mail is sent hy this fhe,
JAIL letters aeposited in Suvplementary Mail musi Le prepaid with
donhle postage,
Mails for Havana, W. I,, per steamship Cleopatra, clogs at 2p m.
Mails for tre German States via Biemen, per steamship Americas,
close at 11:00 a. m. A Gerisan mail only dicect br thos line,
Mails for ¥t, Thomas, the Argentine Repulble, Brazil, &c per sieam
ship North America, close at] p. m.
PASSENGERS SAILED.
FOR UAMBURG—Iu steamship Thuringia, Dee. 10.—Major C. R,
M.,ens, SN. Fehudrowitz, lady and chitd, Tuos. L. Foster, R. Teadis M
Friodlauder, C, Lo West, J. Schwarz, C. Trester, C. Sulzer and son, (4
Uliane, Moos R, Ullmann, 8, Ullman, Carl Jurhenwann, Mrs, L. Roth:
fuss, Robert Roentgen, Mra. Roentgen, Mrs MR entgen, Mis Auus
Ho utgen, Miss Sophy Schwarz, aod others in the steerdge,
etl.
PASSENGERS ARRIVED.
MINIATIERR AILMANAY
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.