3
afd Asso
THE UTAH CRISIS.
4
THE HAWKINS CASE AND IT8 EFFECTS.
wf CRITIVIONE VA ABE &AVERMLY &EWET
To ihe Editor of The Trebunce.
CHE DANT IN THE ROLE OF A MARTYR~—
BS SUPPORTED BY THE COMMUNITY
Sw: Thomas Hawkins, the husband of three
n wives, by all of whom he has children, has been
ponvicted of adultery by jury of anti-Mormons, and is
to. be sentenced on Saturday, the 28th instant. It is un
derstood, and has been for some weeks, that his punisb
ment will cover imprisonment for several years and
whatever fine Mis property will sapply. It is stated that
the extreme term of imprisonment provided by the
statute—20 years—ia to be reserved for Brigham Young
and the other Mormon leaders, who will also be mulcted
in heavy fines, adultery ranking only second to murder
jn, the Mormon codes of law and morals.
Thomas Hawkins is, in the opdolon of his brethren,
a mibrtyT to his faith, Fe has lived his religion,” and for
this faithrulness he la to suffer. To the average Mormon
mind there is nothing shooking in the unclean details of
the practical workifigs of the many-wife system given
with such minuteness by the prosecuting witness, Mrs.
Hawkins “pumber one.” This woman—formerly a de
voted Mormon, but, since her quarrel with her husband
five years since, an apostate from tho faith—manifested
great shrewdness in her examination before the jury, and
pléaded the cause of the prosecution with no little fngenu
Jtz, She tectifiod tv tite geueral geod condunet ofber hus
band, the father of her seven living and five dead children
up to the period of ber employment of a Mormon servant
girl, for whom the wan Hawkins speedily confessed am
attackment, and to whom he was at length sealed”
by the ceremonial of the church, Against this proceed
ing the original Mre. Hawkins felt inclined to protest,
but she confesses to have been finally talked into it.
The servant became Mrs, Hawking No. 2 and the equal
of Mrs. Hawkins No. 1.

With eve unmoved and forehead unabashed
She dined from off the plate she lately washed.”
This promotion was far from agreeable to the first wife.
8% found herself occupying a plane no higher than that
of her late servant in the esteem and affection of her
husband. Society, too, gave the servant an equal place
with the wife. At the tablathe husband sat with the
first wife on his right hand, the second on his left. Bad
hours were passed by the wife and mother, especially
duriug the many nights of watchful loneliness when the
husband was missing from her side. Clearly she was
deserted for the fresh young serving woman by whom
this devoted “saint” must “raise up seed to Israel.)
Evidently Mrs. Hawkins number one managed to make
the life of the saintly Hawkins anything but pleasant
from this time forth. To this fact she testified in open
court. In the presence of learned judges and eminent
barristers, this good and much-abused woman swore, not
only in a technical sense, but in the sense ascribed to
“our army in Flanders,” that she lost her faith in the
“dammed doctrine of plurality” from the moment when
she found herself deserted by her husband for the
superior charms of that youthful hewer of the
domestic wood and drawer of the family
dish-water, Elizabeth Mears. Still she held on,
concealing her grief from all but the husband—whose
life, it is believed, this amiable lady managed to make
sufhciently miserable—until the terrible day when num
ber three—one Ssrah Davis—succumbed to the charms
of the irresistible Hawkins. This “damsel was quite at
tractive in appearance, and, although far from diminu
tive in stature, she yet proved to be the last feather in
the polygamons cap of this bird of prey, Hawkins, as
well as the last one required to break the back and heart
of that not too patient camel, number one. For five
years she lived on alone, fupportea by her much-wedded
husband, but no longer sustaining toward Lim the
wifely relation. All this time she lived in. the hope and
expectation that the man would yet abandon the recent
fractions of hiwself and cleave once more unto that gow
forlorn segment with whom he had dwelt not unhappily
for more than 15 years. When at last she had sufficiently
realized the beart-sickness of a hope deferred, she sought
at once the lawyers and the sweet revenge which courts
aud juries hold in etore. Then followed the complaint,
the indictment, aud the conviction. Her husband's law
vers suggested a compromise, and pictured the desola
tion of the family when the property should all be wasted
In defending the suit; to which came the spirited rejoin.
der tuat she would prefer to enrich the lawyers rather
than allow her husband to support his outside women”
on an equality with herself, In all the public proceed
ings the showed herself not only a match for Hawkins
and an army of plural wives, but for bench and bar alike.
fler trimwoph is eomplete. For her years of suffering she
now bas the satisfaction of seeing her husband incarce
rated and his substance seized to pay court expenses and
tnwyers’ fecs, She goes forth in poverty, to exist as best
she may. Though she starve, her revenge at least is fed.
Strange but true it is that in this community this first
wife must live friendless and alone. She has dared to
rebel ngainst the sacred institution of plural marriage,
and hencetorth she meets anathema!” If she has friends
pow, they must be of the “Gentile” faith, No true Mor
mon would give her food or shelter. Judging from her
appearance in court, I do not think her presence would
1dd materially to the Yapvoiness of any family. If her
disposition was by piture sweet, the wondeful fermeut
ive power of this patriarchal system is made apparent,
for the gall of bitterness’ is as nothing compared with
per present mental condition.
1t would naturally be supposed that the two young
women—with whom this man has been convicted of
adulterous intercouse extending over a term of years—
would be shunned as vile and ymmoral characters. Those
readers of THE TRIBUNE who have little knowledge of
things Mormon will be surprised to learn that these
women are accepted as permanent pensioners by the
Church; that they are practically treated as widows,
taving their wants supplied until such time as the hus
band secures his release and can again maintain them.
To the Church they are his wives—not simply for this
state of existence, but for all eternity. These marriages,
solemupized by “the Priesthood,” are not to be annulled
py the Courts. To the devout Mormon, mar
riage is a sacrament of the holiest character.
aud the more of these sacraments he celebrates
the more perfect will be his salvation. Hawkins is not
an attractive man, though said to be as good a tinsmith
as old England ordinarily sends forth; but it must be
ronceded that he “did his level best” toward securing
bis eternal salvation, =o far as wives could contribute to
that desirable consummation. To the unregenerate
looker on this now prominent artificer in sheet-iron and
kindred substances, is simply a low, vulgar fellow, honest
suough no doubt fu his strange faith, and a temperate,
tard-working man, as all men gay; to the Mormon he is
a martyr to a glorious faith; noble above all others, be
rause the first to suffer iu the discharge of this particular
aid binding duty.
Let it not be supposed that the women of Utah gen-,
erally share the feedings which appear to have animated
this woman, who has thus endeavored to right a wrong
from which she Las suffered beyond the power, as she
declares, of even her very voluble tongue to describe.
The most earnest in their condemnation of her course
are those of her own #ex who are living in the polyg
amous relation. From day to day, during the progress
of the trial, Mormén wives have sought admission to the
court-room, and have evineed the utmost interest fu the
proceedings. That the female element here 1s thoroughly
aroused mo ecarkful observer can doubt. oi mis
chief is meant is clear. The sixteen wives of-Brigham
Young, who, by the terms of thé indictment
against that chieftain, are stigmatized as prostitutes,
whesé children are with much legal verbiage classified
a8 bastards, are in a fever of mortification and rage.
The same is true of the five wives of Daniel He Wells,
Pr yr ST reat: TT Trraormm BR AAI dA a fa
the
Ueve In their husbands not less sincerely than in their
THE PROSECUTION OF THE MORMONS DE
FENDED.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: Fair Dealing” has written you, pro
testing against any interference with the Mormons, and
“Justice” indorses and reénforces hm. Perit ne a
word with the latter, He says all that Fair Dealing’
says of their industry, thrift, temperance, gambling, and
bawdy-houses, was true until the advent of the Gen
tiles.” Bubjoined is what Brigham Young said on this
point in the Tabernacle on one occasion, according to the
Mormon reporter:
“Some of the eldera seemed to he tripped up in a
moment if the wicked can find any fault with the mewm
bers of this Chureh, I have many a time, in this stand,
dared the world to produce as mean derils as we can—
we can beat then at anything. We have the
greatest and smoothest liars in the world,
the cunningest and most adroit thieves, and an
other «hade of character you can mention. We can pick
out elders in Israel Heh Lere, who can beat the world at
gambling who can handle the cards; cut and shoflle
them with the smartest rogue on the face of God's foot
stool. I can produce elders here who can shave their
smartest shavers, and take their money from them.
We can beat the world at any gawe.”
“No similar community,” says Justice,” “on the con
tinent Las achieved in the same time aud under similar
conditions such material success.” The fact is, that each
of the surrounding States and Territories has achieved
greater material success, according to the official assess
ment rolls, in less than half the time, and with less
favorable conditions, the single case of Nevada excepted.
“There is no crime nor distress,” says Justice,” On
the contrary, there is more of both, and always has
been, among the Mormons than among any equal num
ver of people in the United States. It is in proof that the
leading spirits of the Mormon Church have time and
again plotted the assassination of thosc who were ob
noxious to them for any cause, and exeouted the same
in an unprecedentedly cold-blooded manner. Witness
a string of assassinations as long as the history
of Utah and as ®dlack af the annals of the
worst old-fashioned pirates. They are no more industri
ous and temperate than other people of their generglly
destitute condition. The mass of them live wretchedly,
far more 80 than the Foote Amertean olass elsewhere.
To haye gough wh od 4p eat i4 the execpLisn,
not the rule, while as to mental and Spisivanl dist reus
uo one with an average Juowlotee of human nature n
be told that no order of fauatios,Cliristian or Pagan, ever
succeeded so well in  beaishing happiness from life and
filling it [ith misety,
celigion. They arg ly all mothers of stawlart sons
and beautiful They are, moreover, women
whom adventurous tives among the mountains have in
ured to exposure and hardship, They are expert ia the
ase of weapons and could do some desperate fighting if
the pervading sentiment, and I discover in them the
most dangerous element in the community, If these
“One and fifty $ovs3ug people made weéal
thy.” The United States census of Save Utah less
than $0,000 population, all told, Aud of 8 hit ton por
cent ‘are eyen Sompatativaly comfortably situa to
worldly possessions. The efs are BeRtiy Sell fx, ed,
Ey Wiad to Yéoion that where every th man rakes
"ihe. competent defi, proportionally solence
acts, which they view only in the light of persecution te
be pursued even unto death, are not suspended, I antict
will
be Saupe to admit that ape ral betier
breed of children by their meth Ahan wo uge from
thie samo HY by Jul Tost X y! How! Give
us the A Utah vieitors come to pre
cisely the oppasite conclusion. The Mormon women ave
canfeasedly ay jore is 00 love in their Ives
nothing fine, Is encouraged on the A
itis ay trampled out.
How oan they bear better breed. of children thaw
 Banpy women ipa is showed. gonirary ia the
fact. 'H 1s At. af le ey; at
 atheistionl, i of the nations
everywhere. Of what consequence 0
lies Fike ght 50th Tien that Mors
pois iii S138 rs, tt X
wisn ever seriomnly our eivil or socia
be “she inpvituble fate of the whole
is 50 paiuly dhcrend in Lhe work shat child
ar Lr sonat 2
of the that An opr
wooial and civil relations, but that is dora i wud Bow
¢an the forces at r asintipuc M work thus de
sttoy i 3 at sod others of his mind
this courses, it. would prove wholly impeesl
ble 0 punish iofractions of the .lew om the
“Cupidity and bigotry, dishonesty and religious intole
here merely temporarily and Top sl Sell
business, cares little for this. He soos well
JE durey community, and he troubles himeelf-littie about
bellef of Brigham. Young, or any other man. His
remark, is very likely to be, What caro how many
wives Brigham has! He pays his bills likes men, If k
want to borrow a fow thousand dollars, the bank of
which he is President will de better by me than any
other. He's a good fellow, and if he is to be tried for
any offense, let the trial be a fair one, and let the
jury be made up from his peers, not picked to con
vict him!” The officer of the Governmans declares, how
ever that be is bere, sworn te see the lawa obeyed, and
that this obedience oan only be enforged by uhusual and
arbitrary measures, In the enforcement of an habitually
violated law he is, accordingly, justified in extra-judicial
acts. From the polnt of view of a disinterested observer,
I could wish that the result aimed at could be attained
without the taint of trickery which clearly attaches to the
present proceedings. The law can be vindicated by fair
means if its officers will but have patience. Far better
would it be that a hundred juries sbould disagree than
that one conviction should be secured through collusion
and fraud. To this complexion will the good sense of the
people of the country lead them at last.
part of Mormons. But the careless outsider,
A telegram reaches us from Washington, to-day, to’the
effeot that a petition 60 feet long had been received at
the Executive Mansion, signed by the wowen of Utah,
protesting against polygamy and urging effective meas
ures to suppress the practice an this Territery. In view
of the Tack that there are probably not 200 women in the
Territory who are not connected with the Mormon
church, the announcement appeared somewhat startling,
a8 indicating a heretofore unsuspected discontent on the
part of the females of the flock. Diligent inquiry among
the anti-Mormon ladies fatled to establish the validity ef
the dispatch. Investigation, however, discovered the
fact that about the middie of the present month u poti
tion signed by 2,500 Mormon women was forwarded to
Mrs. President Grant, in which the oppressive acts of the
courts were set forth, and an urgent appeal made that
the wife of the President would intercede with ber hus
band to “remove the malicious disturbers of the peace,
or at least stop the disgraceful court proceedings, and
send from Washingten a committee of candid and intelli
gent men, who shall investigate matters which involve
the right of property, perhaps of life, and, more than alk
the constitutions! liberties of more than 100,000 citizens.”
The facility with which these women argue in favor of
their self-imposed claims, is marvelous. The gist of the
petition is given in theee words: “We believe in the
Holy Bible, and that God did anciently iustitute the
order of plurality of wives, and savctioucd and hon
ored it in the advent of the Savior of the world, whose
birth on the mother's side was in that polygamous line
age, as He testified to his servant, John, in the Isle of
Patmos, saying ‘1 am the root and the offspring of
David; and we not only believe, but most ussuredly
know, that the Almighty has restored the fullness of the
everlasting gospel through the Prophet Joseph
Smith, aud with it the plurality of wives. This
we accept as a purely divine iustitution. With us itis a
matter of conscience, as we know that God commanded
ite practice."
Either the God in whom Drigham trusts so im
plicitly 18 liding His face from the prophet and
seer, now-a-days, or else the methods by whieh His
friendship is displayed are somewhat unusual. A civil
suit brought by a lady, a dissenting Mormon, and in
volving about $3,000, Las been decided against him, The
indictment for murder, supported by the testimony of
Bill Hickman—of which I have heretofore spoken in
these letters—is likely to be shortly presented, and under
it Brigham will be arrested aud placed in confinement;
"unless, indeed, the prediction which I have heretofore
uttered, that the Mormons would not allow him to be
incarcerated without a fight, proves correct. I do not
believe a saue wan could be found in this Territory who
believes that Brighum ever killed anybody nor do I
presume it to be possible to fix upon him the erime of coun
seling or abetting any murderous act. He ig, to say the
least, one of the wost cautious of meu. Ido not believe
he would hesitate to stand trial on any charge which
might be brought against hin, even by the present
Courts, But I suspect that sowe fanatical mad-cap may
precipitate bloodshed in a moment of holy and mistaken
zeal, and that the real trouble will then begin, I believe
the Mormons would accept any reasonable proposition
from respectable sources, to abandon polygamy forever,
while still asserting their Divine authority to practice it.
A few really wise men in power here at this juncture
could avert the unnumbered wiseries which bigotry and
hatred on the one hand and fansticiem ou the other are
likely to inflict as well upon the innocent as the guilty.
In any event, the great and crying error ef
polygamy is doomed. A genuine statesman, with broad
views and a true scnse of justice, who could act in
the interest of humanity, “with charity for all, with
malice toward nove,” could in a single weck arrange a
treaty of peace, which should provide that plural mar
riages should henceforth cease and that all past offoyses
of this nature should be forgiven—and this treaty would
be sacredly kept by the Mormons, Dut there is at pres
ent no civil officer here having the high character de
manded to secure respect in such an undertaking, Gen.
Henry A. Morrow, now in command of the troops here, a
soldier, an able jurist, and a gentleman, could accbin
plish the delicate task if empowered so to do. The great
power of THE TRIBUNE wight well be excrted to secure
such an end. There is great need of some potent influ
ence in behalf of humanity at this critical period. The
opposing elements are bitterly hostile and antagonistic.
Fanaticism is being combated with trickery and the
most vulgar threats and abuse on the part of high offi
cers of the Government. Surely this conduct is not tol
erated by the President of the Umted States and his
constitutional advisers! F.
Kult Lale. Oct. 25, 1871.

NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1871
—~TRIPLE SHEET
rance, are at the bottom of this raid.” There is no raid,
nor n e v,
d sé1fidh motives to Any greater the oppo;
of Tammany in your city. Why should they 1
Jook at the probabilities, “of pid Do men of
mmon intelligence, In age of the world,
en in felixtous crusades, hunt them up
Are the men of at the present, time 13 be bigoted
and intolerant, religiously are wé at all
tren, Rut. endeavorin to estsblish the privelpies in
Vi Yi, vail In the rest of the country —{o Cary
our and nation,
in the ubliean lather of 1858 and oSaared
in avi Comprom 19029 If we Are re
liglous bigo dlabonest, and covetous of the possos
lone of the Mormons, were not the members of
he Convention of Congress equally po! “Dr, Newman
raul YoayiuaiNio for says “Justice.” Why,
n about the time Dr, Newman was born. It has
only taken definite form recently, from the fact that
Utah has been opened to outside infinences by the bufld
ing of the Pacific Railroad. It is as old as Utah, only
hitherto our side has been constantly the under deg in
They won't submit,” sayw “Justice,” tenth and
tlinching argume t why we should stop. If it 1s tru, it
Is but.an ad tigud) reason for fureing the issue. It is
ons A Th htt Sek nt
BADBO, y n Co y
Jrithout a legal protest, says Justice.” Is it a reason
for continuing to do wrong that we have been
doing it =o long while! And if it 1s, was
not the law of 180 inhibiting polygamy
legal protest age inh it. “When the Enabling act was
pissed was the time to have objected to polygamy,’ Was
t1 “Well, when it was passed, there were no more
fiery denouncers of polygamy and its kindred abomina
tions than these sane OFIORA It, was not til] two
years after the passage of tru Sunoiing act that they
pdcpica yh ada doctrlne an practice.
No, the non-Mormens of Utah, in office and ont, are
aotiug oply im self-defense. Mormonism is religious
fanaticism devoted to a political end, It aims to spread
all over and rule the world, It acknowledges no allegl
ance to our own ordo any earthly government. It stops
at no crimes to advameco ite purpose. It claims to
Practice polygainy as religion, and It Sink
he right to lll the body to save the soul a8
religion too. Admit the one, and you
wust the other, Both have been and are pncucnd, We
bave the Frio. We propose to show the world what
manner of deeds the men are capable of who claim to
practice polygamy, and refuse to acknowledge the su
brewacy of owr Governwent and laws,both and all in
he name of religion, A more heartless, soulless, re
morseless, treacherous, murderous, cold-blooded, reck
Jess set of villas than the leading spirits of
the Mormon acet does n't exist, and I doubt
if it ever did. People will, do well to go
slowly in admitting religion as au plea for the violation
of our criminal laws, They will do well td walt for the
inside history of Mormon murder and assassination in
 Utal, all in the name of religion, of course, belore ad
mitting the constimtional rizht of the Mormons to prac
tice polygamy on the same filusy pretext. 0. J. i
Salt Lake City, Oct. 28, 187.
LUDLOW-ST. JAIL DELIVERY.
THE POOR PRISONERS BEFORE JUDGE BARNARD
~—A MAJORITY OF THEM RELEASED,
A hearing was had yesterday by Judge Bar
nard in Oyer and Terminer regardiug the release of the
Ludlow-st. Jail civil guit prisoners, The crowd of paople,
of all classes, who filled the badly ventilated room,
proved the continued interest of the public in these pro
cecdings. There being no special accommodation for re
porters, there was the usual struggle between them and
the members of the bar for the pogeession of the only
table accessible to either. The old role, “first come, first
served,” being in force here, the legal profeesion, by an
early movement, secured the table on this occasion, and
leit the reporters without accommodations.
The prisoners themselves were not in attendavce, but
their written statements were presented to the Court by
Assistant District-Attorney Sullivan, whe said that he
Lad made a personal examination, and could recommend
certain of them to the favorable consideration of the
Court. Ie first called special attention to the case of
Martin McDonald, who the physician certified should be
removed td the hospital. An order to this effect was en
tered.
J. C. McQuale's case was brought up, and Mr. Book
staver, for the Bheriff, objected to the discharge on the
ground that the plaintift’s attorney had uot received
notice. The Court, however, permitted him to go on his
own recognizance.
Horace Boue had been in Jeon sinee the 18th of April
last for o debt of £146 40. He was allowed to go on his
own rocognizance.
In Berrian Gray's case, plaintiff's counsel stated that it
was virtually a case of forgery. The Court said that it
should then be tried on indictment as a erhininal case.
The order of arrest was vacated,
Morris Bernstein was in jail on an execution for $541 31
with no ineans of paying. Allowed to go on his own
recognizance,

Jeremiah O'Donahne was in jail on execution for $400,
According to plalutiffs statement, he had obtained $300
worth of sewing-machiunes, and had refused to tell what
he had done with them, On his part it was stated that
he bal purchased them, intending to pay for them by
installments, but sickness in Lis family and of himself
bad forced him to pawn two. He had a wife and three
children, Judge Burnard said those were four reasons
for discharging him, und directed that he go on Lis recog
pizance on telling where tue machines were,
Edward P. Hewlett, who had bocn in since June 23,
wos also allowed to go,
Charles H, Bergman's statement was that the goods he
was charged with converting were almost forced on hin
*hen be was in embarrassed circumstunces. He wak
released,
Jolin P. Crofut, detained for ner-baylaen of allmony,
was kept in juil, counsel for plaintiff stating aggravated
circumstances of his case,
George W. Hancock was directed to be discharged on
assigning his property withiu five days.
Frank L. Norton wis under ball for $4,000. The charge
against him was abstracting, while bookkeeper, £3,000
from the plaintiff, He had a wife and three children,
and was allowed to go on ns own recognizance.
Theodore Runzman was held in $250 Dud] siuce Aug. 8.
The order of arrest was vacated,
Julius Lesser was charged with receiving, by a sort of
forgery, payment for work from the plaiutitis after they
bad discharged him, and then making statements that
be was about Lo receive goods from Xuron. For him it
was stated that he was half crazy, and Justioe Barvard
"released hiw, for fear Le should ko wholly crazy and kill
soe one there.
Leo Humbert was discharged on his own recegnizance.
August Reinhart was under arrest in a breach of
promise suit, nnd was at once let go.
Henry Johnson was under execution for $170 50, but
prouused if let out to try and pay. He was released.
A. R. Schrosdes was under two orders of arrest; the
flisl was disc arged, but on the sccond he was retained,
Samuel Oppenheimer had been Inet i%o months in
jail. When his case was called Justice Barnard sald he
couldn't let that man go; he had money, while he (tho
Judge) had none; he heard he had $9,000; besides he
was under indictment in the United States Courts,
A friend appearing for him said that it was a nistake
to say that he was well off. He had, when arrested, sono
$30,000 of property, but his creditors had seized $21,000,
and it had been gncrificed for $11,000, and the rest bad
been coveumed in expenses. He desired a trial on hig
indictuient, but Mr. Purdy bad told him that they could
not try lim while these orders of arrest were in exist
ence, Judge Barnard told him that was a mistake, and
after his trial in the United States Courts he might renew
ms application,
Henry Slater was under $800 ball for obtaining goods by
false ratevstn The order of arrest was discharged.
J. N. Hayes had his bail reduced to $1,500, Horace F.
Clarke and Judge Bebee being ready to beoviue his sure
ties to that amount,
John Kenney, a non-resident, was not discharged un
jess he would make un assignwoent of his Savannah prop
erty.
Charles Byos was arrested under an order of Judge
Barnard’'s on the 26th of October. The Judge was at
first inclined to vacate bis order, but ultimately took the
papers, reserving his decision.
The cuse of Eugene Von Schaning was referred to
Judge Jones, who had committed him for contempt of
urs.
Simon Gunther was charged with having taken from
an old blind wan with whois he was living, a 81,000
United Btates bond, and sold it, converting the Jrocecds
to his own use. He was held in the olvil sult in $1,600
bail, and in the erimiual suit for §,000, lor him it wus
urged that be wag an old wan of 6(; thatfthe plain
tiff’ was an eset dindly suspicions old man, that the proof
was ample that the defendant had paid Lim the money,
be baviby often before transacted business for him, The
Court refused to discharge him, but reduced the bail in
the civil sult to $1,000.
Willlam B. Darling was arrested on a warrant from
Kings County, the bail being fixed ut $6,000. Ho wus re
ued.
In the ease of John Slattery the Court ordered the
Papers to be tiled.
H. Brown had beep in jell since October 8, for a
board bill run up ou false pretenses, The Corut fet Lim
go.
Mr. Sullivan said there was one point mentioned
in his Howor's charge to which he thought he should
call attention. It had been represented in sowe
statements that the coudition of the prison was unwhole-
same,
Judse Barnard—I've had occasion to look into the mat
ter of Ludlow-st, Jail, and flud that it 1s as well kept, aa
any jal can be, fn the point of health and ou reat.
ment, The man who is the chief in that Department,
Judge Brennan, 1s not only as kind and bumane s man
wa uy in the sammy, but is an honest man, and,
when it was called to his attention, he was one of the first
to suggest this reform that has taken place. My action was
net based on that; it was based ou the system of fw
prisoning man in Jul for debt, whieh 18 a disgrace to
he nine th century, snd mist bo stopped: In re
gard to another thing--1 have thoagbt it allover very
carefully inte this wat wha sued, snd I have de
termiped, in course of four or five dsys, to forfeit the
bail of oll persons oharsed with a crintnal offeuse,
whether ted or n where the witnesses
freque city, county,
where a nian line Bo unfortunate eno
€Deamutaston of an offense sud has boen in jail while
that Prisonex baa bien 2 large. bave po
ha men who athan would have
B discovered and brought to before
tor yom must have seen jt—had it Nos Deen Tor fear
ph Who was witness bo the Goourrence would
as. John C. Ao who hat osreful ex
hi ihion oh prin bi Ln tan ps 3
in thougut pu amb
io of the faselt 15 betawe
in wet weather, rd yublt of pod wits.
BT oh ud Be ia” Sonnet fi Thin; Ih api of
da L]
Court then
a vas!
Lo (hd Y lddime at ha Trsdihatea rn:
POR
he 'Tribmaos,
Pe ihe kh of The Sua

THE COURTS.
a a I
LUDLOW-ST. JAIL DELIVERY.
s discussing the subject of the olvil suit prisoners,”
lon of the law respecting
which is to make imprisonmeit for debt afi engine almost
as fully withid the control of the creditor, as it Way
before the old common law was first Jinpunged upon by,
logialation An order of arrest ia obtained upon affi
davits, setting forth the causes upon which it in applied
for, ané which must be one of more of those specified: by
Jaw. The dofendant, when arrested, may move the
Court to vacate the arrest on the ground that the facts
alleged do not constitute any of the causes for which an
arrest may be had. Where the ¢auses thus alleged do
not constitute essential elements of the transaction out
of which the debt 15 claimed td arise, a8 for instance,
where it is nlleged the debtor is fraudalently Alsposing
of bia property, the defendant will also be permitted to
say that the allegations fof the affidavit on whieh the
arrest was made are untrué, and to controvert $hose
allegations by his own affidavit and other evidence. But
the eonrta refuse to hear any such denial where the facts
alleged as causes of arrest constitute essential elements
of the transaction out of which the debt is olsimed to
arise. As for inktance, where the action 1s for deceit the
defendant must give bail or be imprisoned until the
cansé is reached for trial by jury, whose judgment upon
these matters, 1t is argued, must not ke Sieatallod by
the court upon an inc ah wouon,’ result is, that
Any Ue RL cared y Lis cuguy for WOnthA hy sWear
ing th be fas deceived him. fr 1. s {8 one of the uses to
which tmal by jury is put in modern practice, Although
1 have never seen the cornectaess of the distinotion
questioned, I never could see its force. It ices to me
to imply that one tribunal ought to withhold justice upon
one nedtion 12dey, beeanse another tribunal maj ve
al upon to deeide a totally differnt upstion on
ifferent purpose six months hence, upon the sao faces,
though not at all upon the same evidence, But wheth
ye tinction be correctly taken or not, there can be no
oubt that legislation would be competent to do SWAY
with it; and the Hberty of the citizen secws to call for
such legislation. PEE C. Goerr.
New-York, Nov. 8, 1871.
i
of

THE LAW OF WATER RIGHTS.
The case of Alfred E. Beach agninst lhe
Mayor, &o., came up before Judge Ingraham, in gupreme
Conrt Chambers, yesterday, on the trial of certain fasucs
not submitted to the referee. The action was brought
for a partition of lands under water, from high-water
mark to low-water mark inclusive, on Ward's Island,
extending on the north-west side of said island 150 feet
trom low-water mark, and from the other parts 300 feet
from low-water mark; and also oertaln streets or roads
on said Island, the latter amounting to about 14 acres, of
which land and roads plaintiff is one-fourth owner,
having fegunod title through’ Jasper Ward, one
of the pafentoes of fhe water right and owners
of said roads. The Island was conveyed, In
1806, to Jasper Ward, Bartholomew ward, Rich
ard Lawrence, and Abraham R. Lawrence and
SBnmuel Lawrence, in equal quarterly proportions,
The island was surveyed aud divided into four roads, and
jt Jota, which lots were divided among the owners.
Sainuel Lawrence's share was subsequently vested in A.
R. Lawrence, No conveyance was made of any of the
lots before the grauting of the water patent, excepi
three lots which were conveyed to Jonn Flectwood
Marsh. An act of the Legislatirs of 1369 provided that
tho powers of the Cominissioners of the Land Office
shall be extended to the waters surrounding Great Barn
Island (Ward’s Island), and to the land between high and
low-water mark on said island. By the laws
of 1801, these Commissioners were empowered
to gant so wuch of the lands under
water as they deemed necessary to promote com
merce provided, that no such grant he made to any per
son other than the Drojgietets of adjacent lands, By the
act of 1811, all the lands in question wero conveyed to A,
R. Lawrence, Richard Lawrence, Jasper Ward, and Bar
tholomew Ward. The plaintiff acquired his title to the
onc-quarter of snid roads and wator Fights through the
heirs of Jasper Ward, by conveyauce, 1858, the total
consideration being $1,500.
for
It was claimed by Corporation Counsel O'Gorman, on
the argument, that the water patent of 1811 was void;
first, because the Commissionors of the Land Oflice had
ne right to convey to any bat the owners of the adjoin
ing lund, of which the city, under the Dongan and Mont
gomery charters, is the owner. second, because it inter
fores with navigation, Third, no joint graut could be
given to owners iu severally, and John F. Marsh was
owner of somo lots, and was not included in grant, Den
nis MoMahon, for piaintitf, urged in opposition, first, thut
the four original owners were joint owners of the roads,
and the water patent was given to them jointly. Second,
that the water Jtcus was given to thom as owners of
the adjacent lands, which they wore. A point was
rajsed by the Corporation Counsel tbat plalutifis title
was vold for uncertainty, and it was claimed in opposi
tion that the lutention of the conveyer, if lawful, should
be effected. Other Fouls were made, but chiefly of a
technical nature, Several other counsel appeared for
parties claiming part ownership in said lands and roads,
y whom it was claimed that the Dongan charter did
not attect Ward's Island. Decision reserved.
Judge Barnard filed his opinion yesterday,
in the ense of Ruppaner against Fiiut and others, lately
reported in THE TRIBUNE, He states that there {8 no
doubt of the authority of the County Medioal Bocicty to
expel a member convicted of a violation of its by-laws,
But defendants have misconoeived their J ovis; they
have no authority to put a member on trial without sul.
stantial chinrges of gome offense of which they have juris.
diction. A question of veracity arose between Drs, Rup»
Janet and Sayre, which the latter undertook to solve by
aving the former expelled from the Society, Ils
charges were defective in form and substance. The
proper objections interposed by Ruppaner were over
ruled, and time to prepare his evidence denied him by
the Comilia Minora, and ex parte evidence of Dr. Buyre
was received. Ruppaner had no alternative but to apply
to the Courts. He is entitled to the relief ho asks, und
tiie injunction granted must be continued till the finn
deterwination of the action.”
re tt ——e
In tlie Supreme Court, General Term, mo
tions noticed ror the first day of the term will be heard
on Monday. The calendar will be called on Wednesday
at 104 a. w.
Judges Joachimsen and Gross, holding respec
tively Parts I and II of the Marine Court for November,
announce that the Jury term will commence on Monday
next, and that, as the published rules of the Court enable
counsel before the causes sre pus ou the printed calendar
to agree upon a day for trial, the Court will not permit
counsel on the day on which a case 1s called to reserve it;
but ull cases not ready, unless legal excuse be offered,
will go to the foot of the alendar.
 —_ ee
John 8mith, charged with pissing a counterfeit
$10 UN, was held, yesterday, in $2,000 bail by Commissione* Shiclla.
In the United States Cirenit Couart, yesterday, five
more indictments, making 17 in all, were found Span Joshua D, Miner,
a Tammauy poiitician in the XIXth Assembly Disirict, fur passing and
dealing in counterfeit money,
James E. McCormie, charged with committing
acts of frand alent plukiujey in Baltimore, and then ranning away, was
held, yesierdar, iu $500 bail by Commimioner Shields to await a requisi
tion from the Governor of Maryland.
At the Tombs Police Court, yesterday, Justice
Dowling committed Hoo MeAlpin for Jiokivg the pociet of Mrs. Wil
Jissa Conklin of No. 72 Horatio-st., while riding in a Graod-st. car....
Catharine Waters was committed for stealing $145 worth of wearing
apparel from her mother, Mra Mary Waters, of No. 37 Baxtersi....
Win Henry, slias Bally,” a colored walter livior ot No. 28 Sullivan-st.,
was committed for stabbing Samuel Spencer, a colored sailor of No. 42
Baxter-st., twice in the abdowen, eansing serious wounds. Henry has
been arrested ou several occasions for slmilsr offeases....Cyrus Olm
sted) Indepenuent candidate for Assembly in the Vib District, arrested
for forgery on Thursday, was released yesterday on $1,000 bail.
rr
Superior Court—Special Term--By Chicf-Justice
Barbour,—Baker agt. Thorp, snd Nichels agt, Domell.—Orders grou.
Common Pleas—NSpecial Term—By Judge Robinson.
Barbey agt. Frank.—Oniler of arrest deniod. y e
Supreme Court—Chambers—1y Judge Ingraham.—
Mausch agt. Wygant.—Application dismissed. Iv py Plongiag~ Aptis
tion gruted. Bohmits £2) Levy.-~Motion grantéd, Jrovide defeadant
payu within Sve days all moneys aceonling to stipulation. and costs.
“fy Judge Bamnird. —Soatheru "Bxpress Co. gt. Cobb. —Motion granted.
By Judge Sutherland. —Gireen at. Trask. —Case wottled
or Su Van Brunt. —Sus Muiaal losurssce Co, agt. McCall. —Case
t
Marine Cowrt—Part [—By Judge Joachimsen.—
Herkin agt. Kline, —~Judgment for Yoo his for $302.56; costs and
$25 allowance, Delfour sagt. Hollins. Judgment for the plaintiff for
2. og Dre costs and $15 allowance. Wallace agt. Vandewater,— Referred
®rort I.-B Judge Ourtis.~Gumbiner sgt. Gumblaer.—~Action to re
cover for oEvioes as salesman, —Judgment for the plaintiff for $241,17;
So ADEE ff et uf Oot or 1
Bim gods sold od Glare ri sommanesd. A
Part 11I.—~By Juige Alker—Kouredl agt. Ber'mam, Wilder we
Wools; Youn aft Ki by default, ust agt. i
son. Inquest fiort ant. Oppeubeim. Settled,
CHAMERER OF COMMERCE REPORT.
Woodhaven Congregational Church, $138 40; lat
Gl Te te FES i
den, Wia. and Mie, J V. #50 aid, Wiaeousia, ke.
Fenty Mi. Come ot Brighion, L., for Mich, and Wis.
Sioa’ lr L810 Subseri tecnived at the
rid ation Fa 8 ame 70 East Right al
Haus LY Li hy 8%
page Ih ob Tog
the ‘Rev, H. G, le, Mish, ond Wis. om,
es Tone 100, A 00a. 0. Pardes’ Memon
EA Ta La hr
EE §7aad pial by the Chaiaior of Conimans
CoRxsoTIon. itlook Ov's contribution and
Miesiges, 800. sad hae suplorts or me, O55, ng $end
i be de of Ofive

als J.T. PANNING, Obie! Sugiooer,
Je Ws
A DOCTORS QUARREL.
CIVIL. NOTES.
(RIMINAL COURTS.
DECIBIONS--Nov. 3.
FIRE RELIKF FUND,
a
Posr-Orvion Axp U, 8, Covny-Hovss, Naw-Yon Crrv,
srinvEx pant, October 21, 1871,
EE a Mr a
VT RODGHT AD ST IRON WORK.—
VY SKALKD PROPORALS will bo received 3 the Ofc of he Sa
ntendent until 13 m,, November Ta71, fo furn! oak
Tp WhpUoHT sod OAST-IRON' WO
ind 18 plass, 4 schedales pow in ofiice, con
of rolled iron beams, channel irons, angle aad ‘T-irons, te-vods,
I ee
colamas, Milan: wy TR
The of the Miketers third
EP oshad, delivered, and pal ln place rapidly a
Ex ompielo ed ek le 7 ly TRI
Toe svmiachoms il by permit 1h woe of tho dorioks und supine
work In t ob but will Joagired to pat
tho me clploved a versio Ton who wil be or
Department when squired, or
Propels #if be Sede 37 te fn” F207 "or by welght, for the
various beams, chanael irons, ig col for in the sched
Xs wag; whil 00s bo dbiivided among difowns bidders, but will be
Fa wil he ada mostly, dedi te po con sai the final
“ut Lig by a I bond, In the cum of St
thoussnd hs te bee wil ste ad perio. tne attach 3
swathed bim, the suficiency of the to be cert fed bt the Urnrted
fain Jugs, Ciatk of the United Bates Dourt, of Attorney of
Tiny dic ddiie TR reject any or all bids, if it be
do ihe Tnterest of the Government to do so; avd say bid that
not made oa the printed form to be obtalaed in this office, and does sot
conform in every respect to the requirements of this advertisement, will
not be somidered,; neither will 07; vyiialy be Teesived pm parties
who are not thesciies cufiged in the manufacture of wrought
i= wort, 16d ¥Ro have not the necesenry facilities for getting out the
wo
post 1M be indorsed Bids for Tron Work,” and addressed to
Propels w CALVIN T. HULBURD, Superintendent.
v
NEPTUNE LINE STEAMBES Daly fore.
{PROV ST ROE THE
Cabin fare lo BOSTON, 94 20.  T5 PROVIDE
end Prov. ter EB, B.'s for gil important B. Bre. di
SERDAR CoMVORT
For Boston, Worcester, Fir Groton Junction, Lowell L.
truce, Nashua, Manchester, Concord, Palmer, Brattle! rp
dint ints. 0 y hore, ad
y of CITY OF AWEENCE SA LEE 7
will leave New-York daily (Sunda 4 ven loan,
Pigg #0, North Wo aL H
To So River, so of Cana aad rid rh.
ports, vis New London, Nort vrwich t
New-York, Oct 18, 1063. TH SHORT
SPECIAL NOIICE—CHANGE OF Hi
So CEA le SE Send eT ov bore
leave Pier 40, North River, for Boston sal intermshat: pein ad
Drean Steamers.
a ts Fatt uteri dy rT Fed BYR SY EY
HANGE OF. ROUTE.—The Steamsbips of
THE UNITED STATES, NEW-ZEALAND, AND AUSTRALIA
AIL STRAMSHIP LINE, beginning with the departare from San Fran
oon November 8, will now be run to Sydney, N. 8. W., via Hooo
fal and Ackland.
Prompt connection made at Sidycy Gr Melboarne, snd at Auckland
with the other Now-Zealand ports. W. IL WEBB, Bxehange-place.

FOR ST, THOMAS and Ah
UKTTED BTATES and BRAZIL 2 MSHIP COMPANY.
‘Regular Mai) Steamers sailing on the 23d of every month.
SOUTH AMERICA, Capt. B. L. Valepsugh. November 23,
NORTH AMERICA, Wh G. B. Slocum, ber 23.
MERRIMACK, Capt. Wier, Janusry 33.
"These steamers sail on sobedu'e time, and call at St. Thomas,
Ppra, Prrustaluico, Babin, and Rio de Janeiro, going asd retaraing. For
agement of freight or passage, 0
5 WM. R. TARRISON. re Mpplite 5 Bowling-green, New-York.
HAVANA PROG RESO and VERA CRUZ,
NEW-YORK, and MEXICAN MAIL STEAMSHIP LINE,
Jeaviog Pier No, 17, East River, at J p. ma, direct fot Havaae:
CITY OF MERIDA. Deaken ss... .+.-BATURDAY. Nov. 4.
CLEOPATRA, Phillips (Havana only)... RUEEDAY. Nov. 14
CITY OF MEXICO, Timm rwdn......oun AY. Nov, 24.
1 30LATEA, Phillips (fiavana only)......BATORDAY, Dee. 3.
or freight or passage, apply to
hy Py ALEXANDRE SONS, 33 Broadway.
U S. MAIL TO HAVANA.
Said. roguar a Trek vr m.. precise)
iling rly AY, at 3 o'cloc m., isely,
from Pier No. 4, North River.
COLUMBIA, Capt, E. Van 8lca......ooeevensinsas Nov. 9.
MISSOURI, Capt. T. 1, Morton (vis Nassan) ......Nov. 16.
MORRO CASTLE, Cant. 8, G. Porter.............Nov. 23,
For freight or pasesge, apply to A. W, DIMOUA, President,
p.
4. No. 5 Bowling-green.
ANCHOR LINE —STEAMERS TO GLAS
GOW LIVERPOOL and NDONDERRY,
from Pier 20 North River.
EVERY SATURDAY AND WEDNESDAY
THE NEW DEPARTURES:
FROM GLASGOW: FROM NEW-YORK:
COLUMBIA... L. Saturday, Oet, 14 COLUMBIA Lv tua, Nov, 4
TYRINACRIA... We luestay, Oct. 8 TRINACRIA ..Weatenlay, Nov. 8
AUS I RALIA. ...ratariay, Oct. 2L/ AUSTRALIA. ...Baturday, Nov. 11
EOROPA.........katordar, Oct, 28| BUROPA.,.......8atanday, Nov. 13
First Cabin passage $05 and 751 Intermediate, $39; Sioerage,
#24. Stecrage tickets from above ports, $32.
HENDERSON BBOTHERS, Aes,
27 Bowling-green.
For the aecomnodation of its patrons and the public, the AT hor Line
bave opened a Bianch Office, 21 A A) where, besides Ocean Tickets,
Railroad Tickets to aus station, West, North, and South, can be purchased
BA LTIC LLOYD.
For STETTIN direct, tonching at CIHRISTIANSAND and CO
PRNHAGEN to land passeugers and mail
The first-class iron steamship
FRANKLIN, Capt. DREYER,
will sail on TUESDAY, Nov. 7. at 2p. m., from Pier 13. North River.
To be followed by steamship HUMBOLDT, Capt. P. BARANDON, on
TUESDAY, Nov. 28.
CABIN PASSAGE fons, $80. STEERAGE (Gol), $30.
Freight for ST. PNTERSBURG and otlier iwportant porta of the
Baltic received and Shrongh Bills of laine signed. Por Preight or Pas
sage apply to WENDT RAMMBLBBERG, Agents,
Ofece 40 Lroadway.
Jor LIVERPOOL,
A QUEBNSTOWN),
CARRYING THE U. MATLS,
THX LIVERPOOL AND GREAT WESTERN STEAM COMPANY
will disvatch one of their first-class, full power. iron screw steunsbips
FROM PIER No. 46, N. It, EVERY WEDNEs>DAY,
as follows:
NEVADA, Capt. FPorsYTi...... verses. November 8, at 2:30 p. m.
WYOMING, Capt. WHINBRAY........ November 15, at 3.30 a. wm.
MINNESOTA, Capt. T. W, Puuuman.. November 22, at 2:3) p. w.
IDAHO, Capt. PRICK. o.seasessssssss.. November 29, at 7:30 a. m.
MANHATTAN, Capt. J. B. Price..... December 1.
COLORADO, Capt. T. P. PagexaN....Decembes 6, at 1:09 p.m,
Chin passage, $20, gold
Steerage passage (Office, No. 29 Broadway), $39, currency.
For (reight or cabin passage, apply to
WILLIAMS GUION, No. 63 Wall st.
JEMAN LINE. For QUEENSTOWN and
LIVERPOOL.—Royal Mail Steamers vi appointed to sail as follows:
CITY OF BROOKLYN. cov ivvun wanna ‘URDAY, Nov. 4, 10 a. ma.
CITY OF BRISTOL.....ovvvvvnnannns THC RSDAY, Nov. 9, 2 p.m.
CITY OF PARIS...... Sessessusasreny SATURDAY. Nov. 11,2 p.m.
C!7Y OF NEW-YORK......... sesruns THURSDAY. Nov. 16, 9a. m.
CITY OF WASHINGTON............SATURDAY, Nov. 18. "174. m.
Cri'yY O¥ BALTIMORK THURSDAY. Nov. 23, 2p. m.
And each succeed ng BATURDAY aud THUKSDAY, from Pier No. 40
North River,
RATES OF PASSAGE.
PAYABLE IN GoLb. PAYABLE IN CURRENCY,
FIRST CABIN........... E38 STRERAGE......oonvvnunn $M
To Iandon... To Loudon. ....oouuuus X
To Paris..... Seninnvans on ToPuris....oonnin0ses Ke]
Passengery also torwsnled to Havre, Hamburg, Sweden. Norway. and
D nmurk, at reduced rates
Tickets can he bought here, st moderate rates, hy perons wishing to
send for their friends,
For farther inforination Apply at the Company's Office,
JUIN DALE, Agent, No. 15 Broadway, N. Y.
J LONDON AND NEW-YORK STEAMSHIP
4
Pier 3, North River, For Loudon direct,
Bteamshiv PARAGUAY. SATURDAY, Nov. 4, $a. m.
TR3 OF PASSAGE IN CURRENCY,
First $70. Second Cabin, $30, BSteerage, $30,
For freight or passage apnly to
HOWLAND ASPINWALL, Agents, 54 Sonth at.
NORTH GERMAN LLOYD STEAMSHIP
FOR SOUTHAMPTON AND BREMEN.
The steamship HANSA, Capt. BE. Brickenstein, will sail on THURS.
DAY. Nov. 2, at 2 p. m., from Brewen Pier, foot Third-st., lloboken, to
be fol'owed by
Ee HERMANN, Capt. G. Reichmann, on SATURDAY, Nov. 4.
KATES OF PASSAGE TO LONDON, HAVRE, AND BREMEN:
(PAYABLE IN GOLD, OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN CURRENCY.)
Finst cabin... cere $B 120
rr
ond Satin. 7]
BUCOIAZC. .oenrssssrsrssrssssrsnssnrsnssnssisss we WN
For trelght or passage, poly to OELRICHS Co. Ageats,
SRNR RRR R RR ERR RARE AER ERIE Bas
2 Bowli ing-grecn.
‘d 4 hl i)
ONLY DIRECT LINE TO FRANCE.
THE GENERAL TRANSATLANTIC COMPANY'S MAIL
STEAMSHIPS BETWEKN NEW-YORK AND HAVRE, CALLING
AT BREST.
The splendid vessels on this favorite roate for the Continent will sail
from Pier No. 50 Roh Riven as follows:
RT. LAURRNT........Lemarie...... +.SATURDAY, November 4.
WABSHINGTON...... RoussaD........ SATURDAY. November 18.
VILLE Dk PARIS..... Sarmecat........SATURDAY December 2,
PEREBIRE,.....cq.....Danré.......... SATURDAY. D cewber 16,
PRICE OF PANSAGE IN QOLL tweinding wine)
TO BREST OR HAVRb
First Cablo....... L125 Second Cadiv..... $75,
EXCURSION TICKETS AT KEDUCED RATES.
These steamers 00 DOL CATTY S1ECTRRC DASSCOLATS,
American travelers going to or returiing vo m the Continent of Purope,
by taking the steamers of this line, avoid both trausit by knghsh railways
and the discomforts of crossing the Chiavnel, beside saving time, trouble,
aud expense. __GbO. MACKENZIE, Ageot. No. 58 Broadway.
3 HITE 3 STAR LINE.
W YORK, CORK, AND LIVERPOOL.
NEW AND PULL-POWEBRED STEAMS!((P3,
THE 81X LARGEST IN THE W ORLD
OCBANIC ANTARCTIC, REPUBLIC.
A TLANTIC, BA TIC. ADRIATIC,
6,000 tums burdens 000 Lk, p. each
Railing from New-York ou 84) URDAYS, from Liverpool on THURS:
DAYS, and Cork Harney the day following
TLANT!C. ry 1, at dp,
From the Whi Star Doe, Pave ia bey! Sor s br.
Passeager accom atiops (for all classes) anriva com ug
SAFETY, SPEED, AND COMFORT.
Baloons, state-rooms, smoking-reom. and bath-rooms in midship sec:
tion, where least motion is felt, «Surgeons aad stewardesses accow pany
these steamers,
RATES—Saloon, $80, gold 8%, currency. Those wish
ing to send for friends from the Old Country can mow oblain steerage,
yy d certificates, $33, currency.
rs hoo oil jo or yey all parts of America. Paris, Hambarg,
Norway, Anstralia, Chita, &e.
Excursion tickets jus, 44 at lowest rates.
J on And yibes infomation, ply at the Co
r on apply a mpany's
oles, No. 19 Broadway, New-York, oh SPARKS, Agvut.
Sve ON Al, JANE.
L AND QU QUERNSTOWX
orth
FOR NTO, D LIVERPOOL
FRANCE, “on waa wa a Tae 4 at l02 wm
FOR LONDON. DIREC
RIN, Lawson. ssvesisiinesn. “ee TUBSDAT. Nov. 7,8 2m.
fate to Liverpool or Queenstown cabin, $73 and $65: steerage,
Prepaid Steerage tockets from Liverpool, Quecastown,
Semis y in! Si 4 Compasy’s Office. Kon 69 Broad:
ye
did (AREA HURST Manaver.
__ Bleamboats ano Railroads.
A
P OPLE® LINE FOR ALBANY.
ficent Hieumears [on the world. The
zx
i




Ee
3
i

i

arrl trains
“Husk. leave
of
Ruprote, Sid Brondws and No. Court-st o. check:
10 {te destian tion. roigh roseived aati the hod? of GeparierS.
0
at- 6
frag Fata YDB BY od CONNRETIOUT
rox
>a
frkmbre URLS
ROH,
CORN
M,N. R.,
IT
A
T CO., susecssors to D. D. T. Sakth’s
ou ot, Plee No NU.
oS
3

Haven of 3:15 and ¥1 p. in. connecting with the Ryflroats, 0
Yr
HER
HARTFORD, 8p
FOR NORWALK nd DANBURY Th sia:
NBLLY WHITE leaves pier foot of Mark tat
AFTERNOON ab 2:45 aad Thirtyweventh-st ab J o'clock,
cents JR OR
QTAMFORD and GREENWICH, Tr.
DAY, od ATR om fot of Meese Fler Soa:
tof Market-st., 7, a4 2 o/cleck,
from foot of Thirty-seventi-st., B. R., 2:15 p m. 3
(CENTRAL RAILROAD of NEW-JERSEY~
Passenger and Putiaht Depot in New-York, foot ob Liberiy.q,
necis af Somerville with ranch Railroad: at Hampton
with the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Railroad: at
with Se Lash and Susquehanna Di vision and at Easton, with
Lh a she Woe, wibow chan of glo Con
no cam, y
Ts aad New York State. Ca08®
ALLENTOWN LINB TO THR WEST,
Pe HPRING ARRANGEMENT.
Sonmengdy May 23, 1871, Leave New-York u follows:
Flemington, Keston, Bethichem, Maach Chin Wie
ad So: Mabe banoy City, Mit. Carmel, Hazleton,
3 a For Faro at Janch.on with D, L. and W, yy
a mn —Weersny BExprrras, daily (except Suniary),
leniown, Harrisharg, and the West.” Co Doerner
gion; at Phillips witin Lehizh aod Busque'ianna Division for Masd
unk, Wilkesharre, Neranton. Willamapars, Erie, ke. at Easton vi
Leiigh Valley Railroad for Manch Chunk,
10:30 o, m.~Way Train for Someryilie,
12:30 p. m.—For Pemington, Faston, Allentown, Mash (hash
Nishanay fd fastelon. Wilkesharee, Reading, Columbia, Lavage,
ville, A 4 2
ou arsebarg &e. Connects at Phulipshug
2p. Brg Pais Con
2:30 p. m.~For Easton, nec's at Phillipsharg wi
+g Divis fn tor Alicutown, We iscubvazye o's LT hd
w Leb: e for Alleato ‘al
Te DTT a 2 lcutown aud Cannas.” Covaeds of
4 5, =o} Easton, Allentown and Manch Chuak,
4:30 p. m.— Por Semerville and Flemington.
5 p. m~=OINCINNATI Express, daily, for Easton, Bethlehon, Ate
town, Reading, Harrisburg, Pittahorgh, Chicago, and Ciacunsi, Sigg
tog and Palace Cars to Pittsburgh sad Chicago.
:15 p. m.~For Somerville
6 p. m.— For Baston.
7 p. m.—For Somerville.
7:0 i I. LHugrant)—Ror Baston,
9:40 p, m. ~Por Plainfield.
12 p. m.—For Plaingeld, Wedneadays and Batarlays
For Elizabeth at 5 4), 6:00, 6:30, 7:15, 7:45, &0,, 8.30, 9:0,
10:39, 11:45 a. m. 12:30, 1:00, 2:00, 2:30, 3:15, 3:45. 4:00,
5:15, 5:98, 5:45, 6:00, 6:30, 7:00, 7:30, 7:4", 8:40, 9:40,10:45, ir a
Tickets for the West can bo obtained at the 0fics of the Castes! hat
road of New-Jereer, foot of Liberty st. New-York; aml at the priscgel
botels and ticket offices in New-York City. B. RICKER, 8
H. P. Barowin, General Pass nger Ageat
J)ELAWARE, LACKAWANNA and WEST.
ERN RAILROAD
3 MORRIS AND ESSEX DIVISION.
NEW BROAD GAUGE LINE te Water Gap, otiou 'sharg, Armin
Binghamton, Syrac ig, and Os~ego WI HHO! T CHANGE OF C
Depots in New-York, foo! of Barclay-st. and foot of Christovberst
Wo MER ARRANGEMENTS, ccwmescing MONDAY, Jay Bt,
8:00 a. m. BROAD GAUGE EXPRESS TRAIN, vis Boontoa Branch,
runs directly through from New-York to Oswego. without chaaze of ean,
connecting at Dover with Chaster R. K at Watorloo with Sussex R R,
god a Scranton with L and B. B. R. for Kingston, Wilkesoarre, Pits
LM
7:15 a.m. EXPRESS MAIL TRAIN, conneeting'at Denville with Sess
ton Branch. at Dover w.to Caester Branch, at Waterloo with Suses LR
for Anlozer ad News n. at Washington with the D., L., ani W.R BR
tor Water Gap, Strontsharg, Seranton, Great Bend, Binghamton
cuss, and Oswego, aud at Kaston with Lehigh Valley BB. for of
oo t road.
12:40 m.. LEHIGH VALLEY EXPRESS stops at N Homie
town, Dover, Waterloo, Hacketistown, Washingion, Phi
Faston: comnecta at Waterloo with Fnssex Railroad: at
w th Bel, Del. Li. R. for Belvidere, &e., and at Easton wth L V. 2
Je Betolehem, Allentown, Mauch Chunk, Wilkesbarre, Reading, and
arrishury.
4:00 p, wm. BROAD GAUGE EXPRESS TRAIN. via Palenson and
Boonton, runs directly though to Binghamton wituout change of cam
storpmg ab priecipal stations.  Cennect'ng at Dover with Chester BR
and at Water] 0 with sus ex R. R,
4:10pm FASTON EXPRESS connects at Dover with Chester R
R., at Waterloo with Sassex R. R,, and at Baton with LV, RR fw
Betiehew, Al town, Readirg il2insburg aad be Wesy
3:20 p. m. HACKETTSTOWN MAIL, counects with Boouton, Obese,
and Suss x Railroads
$r fi in, bovis FXPRBSS.
For MORRISTOWN, at 7:15, 9:10, 11:20, 12:0) ney 2:9), 3:28, :M,
65:20, and 6:46 p.m.
For SUMMIT and intermediate stations at 6:30, 7:15,7:45, 9:19, 12:08
and 11:20 am L 2:30, 3: 0 Si. bin an iy BW.
For ORANGE and SOU ANGE, 6:30, 7:89, 3:10, 9:
and 11:2 a.m. a 3:40, 4:20, 4:30, 5:3), 6:0), 6:40, Be
and 11:45 p.m.
ior NEWARK, at 6:30, 7:15, 7:45, 8:40, 9:10, 9:40, *I¢:
pr EY ad 15206 mn, +110, 2:00, #2130, 5:20, 3:40 fri
$420 4.50, 5:10, 5:20, 5:3), 6:00, *6:2), 6:40, “6.00, 8:00, kIS,
11:45 p.m. Trains marked stop at Kasi Newark,
leave New.Yark for BLOOMYFTELD and MONTCLAIR, w 0:38
8:40 sud 11:00 a.m and 2:00. 3:5, 5:10, 6:20, and 6p.
—e€—L 8. BCHOCH, Superistendest
ERIE RAILWAY.—TRAINS Leave Depol
4d foot of Chambers-st. and foot of 23d-st., as follows:
Through Express Trains leave Chambers-st. st9 a. m.. 1) a m §8
pm, and *7 p. m,, daily. New and improved Dppwing Boss Lense
accompanythe 9a, wm. tram thronghto Buffalo and Sus go Bi
connecung at Horuellsville with magnificent Sleeping Coaches
throuch to Clevelan and Cincinnati, Sleeping Uoaclies accompany the
11 a m. train from Susquehanna to Batalo: the 5:30 p.m trai fom
New-York to Suspeasion Bridge, anl the 7 p, m. ‘rain from Now-York
B: alo, Suspension Bridge, and Cincinnati, An Emigrant Trea lesres
A am, d Way. 8:00 14:30
or Port Jervis an ay. 8:00 a m. an! 4: m.
For Middletown and Way, at *7:00 a, mw, and h.% p. m. sal, Salam
only, 8:30 5. m.
For Osisville and War, at “11:30 a, m.
Kor Newburgh and ar at 00 a. w., 3:30 and 5:39 p. m.
For Suffern and Way, 5 and 6 p. m.
Por Paterson and Way. at 6:45, 10 a.m. 12 mo *1:45, 4, 5:15,08,
8:15 p.m. and *12 midnight,
For Hnekenssck, ililindale, and Spring Valley, a8 3:15 a. m.. asd 0:6,
24:60, 5:00, 6:00, and 6:45 0. W.; and Weupesdays aca Saturday eal,
at 112 mudnight.
For Piermont. Nyack. Tallmans. and Way at 9:30 a, m.; i} ed
14:00, 4:4, $5:30, 00:30 and Y 7:40 p.m: and Wedooada;s and
days only, 113 midnight. Special Sunday Tras at 19:00 m. asd 1:9

nm
N. B.—Trains leaving Chambers-st, on even hours or BAI Soarg bath
3. depot 15 minat-s earlier than alove ume, Last boat from
5p. m
Tickets for Passage and for Apartments in Drawing-Room sad
Coaches can be obtaine!, and orders for the cheoking and transfer of
ge may be left. at the Company's offices, 241,529, and 357 Broadwsy
Ch ainbers-st. 38 Greenwich-st. cor. 125th-ar. snd 3d Avenue, Raia
4 toart-st., Brooklyn; 104 Broadway, Williamsburgh Dipelt look
Chumhersst. and foos fo 2a, New Yoon, and Long Deck Depot
rev City, of the 6 prinei tels.
Fer ail A 1 For ie and Nyack, 3 Wor Hackensack
For fiackenmce aad Hillsdale only, For Cr sail vols,
L. I. RUCKER, Au nat), WM. R BARR
Geun'l dan't. 1371 Gea'l Pass'r AY
BY an. aa A rer TY. ATYESEEY ME FESR x 4 EY
NEW-YORK AND NEW-HAVEN RAIL
COMMENCING MAY 22, 1371,
Passenger Staton in New-York, corner of Twenty -seventhst #5
Fourth-ave. Latragee oa Twenty seveata st
Fore] TRAINS LEAVE NEW-TORK
or New -Il1ven and Bridge 7, 8 (kx
(ke) pe He 0 soi 4 heyy: 3 (Br), 11:0 a. m.; 15:15 (Bed
‘or Millon, dtratford, ield,
wm. 3:45, and 5:30 Pp Cg Bombport, and Westport, sine
For South Norwalk, 7, 3 (Bx.). 9, 11:0 a. m; 12:15 (Br)? (Ex), 24
4 (Bx), 5:30, 4:30. and 8 (Ex) p. wa.
For Darien, 7,9, 11:30 2. m. 3: 4:9,5:30, and 6:30p. m.
For Stamford, 7, 8 (Bx.), 9, 11:30 a. m. 12:15 (Bx), 215, 3 (8), 26,
4:30 (Ex), 4:45, 5:30, 6:30, 7:15, 8 (Ex.) p. m.
For Greenwich and intermediate Statioos, 7.9, 11:3) a m; 215 24
4:45, 5:30, 6:0, 7:15 p.m.
Sanday Mail Train leaves Twenty-seventh-st.. New-York, at Tami
Boston, via both Springfield Line and Shore Line.
CONNECTING TRAINA.
For Boston via Springlcid, Sam; landdp wm
For Boston wa 8 Live, 12:15 and p: mn.
¥or Hartford and Springield, 3 a. m.; 12:15, 3, and m.
For Newport, R. I., 3 a. m. (Ex) anf 12:15 p. m. (Ex connecting 8
steamer across Narragansett Bay st Wickford, arriving in less (hen sig
bour.
For Connecticut River Railroad, 8 a. m., 1215 p.m. to Moatresl,!
p.m to Northampton.
For Hardord, Providence sd Fishkill Railroad, a. m., zp
For Shore Line Railway at 8 a. m. to Norwich aud Providence, [21%
3, to New-Leondou and Norwicl, 8 p. m.
Fu Now tLrven anh Nurtusaptoa Railrosl, a.m; J pm 10 Norte
ampton an Milamshnrgn.
Yor New-Haven, Mi dletown and Willimantic Railroad (Ale Linh
a.m 20d 3pm.
For Housatonlo Railroad, 8a. m. snd 3p. m
For Naugatack Railroad. 8 a. m., 3 p.m. aud £30 p.m to Watebel
For io avd Norwalk Railroad, 7 a. m., 1210 and 40 po
¥or New-Canaan Railronl, 8 a. ma, 12.05, Wand Np mw
Commodious Sleeping Cars attached to 8 p. m. Train, an! she
day Mail Train oa either Live. Drawing-rovm (ar aitachol
a, wm, aud 3 p. m. Trains. ry
Passougers ean procure tickets to any point reached over this
the Depot of the Few York aud New Haven R. B., cor, Tweairsrall
st. and Foarth-ave. also at the Ofecs of the New-York Tras
{Duddy Expres), No. 344 Brouivay and Xo. ate
tice, theolt e called for
N EW-YORK CENTRAL AND HUDSON
BIVER RAILROAD. —Cowmmencing Wednesday. Nov. 5,
Through Teas will leave from New Depot, Fourth-ave, and Beir
second st.
8 00 5. m.,’ Chicage and Bontresl Express, with Drawing room 8%
turough to Rochester and St Albans. sob
10:34am. Sheca/ Ohicago Express, with Drawing room carlo
aad agus Fal,
Ji] 5.4 md os van
3:4 m., 07 in,
RY w., Montreal Kxpress, with Sloepiug-cars from New-Tok oe
Alhaus.
8:00 p. m., Rxpress, with Sleeplug-cars for Watertown Ove, ob
Conapdnigua
3:00 o m.. Pacite Bavress. with Sloeping-cars for Rochester. be
and nagaca gat wu fur Chicago, via both L
spolis. °T
‘11:00 p. op with a 5, Albany witie
ra} local irs rang nerd Youkers Jove ert
onlers Jokcia ald 1at,, west as
C. bh Bikudo: General Passe:
NEW.JERSEY RATLROAD—FROM
DESBROSSES-8T. aad from foot of CV
WEST P HIA, at 8:30 and 9:30 a m.. 12:9, 4:8. 0)
Mp wm, 13 Por Philueiphis via Condes, Lt
nm Foi BALTIMOBY sai WASHINGTON and THE
TA a 12:30 and 8:90* pom. For THE
dof EST, 9:30 2. mn. an: m. Silver Palace cam 167
WW Wachiung TRE m. train, withows change
§Gix0e Tare gre to the 9:30 a. w., aud rn
ork to Pi Shoe, ani Loalsville, without
Palace cam are to Ay m., dally, and roa
for mie ot font of Diuhrosses-t., foot of Vetus
QOUTH SIDE R. R. OF L. TT ait’
oT fname Gr. 3.07 wn bre
laws 3 SA C~ h————
Paschogee, by sige far Belleport sud BE
“0 wd 108 wed the 3:0 apd 510 a Wm 2
alley Sirens for Rogkawas sod
rg avec
Are Time Tobioa af wp 4°
saan 1
PY
y,
4
A
Bleamboats and Raliroads,
rr
I
FN
ne orton, 33 wt Providens,
SUMMER ARRANGEMENT,
COMMENCING MAY 22 137