020009
‘be aman upon whom all good citizens can unite, thud
opeeing at for success of reform.
ee
_
Agaia thanking you for the honor conferred, 1 am,
eonss reavnectiully, J.NIVEXN ITEGEMAN.
AMM ANY POLITICIANS FRIGHTENED.
TAMMANY J 7) TRA LE LL i ee herbie hts
JUDGE LEDWITII MISSING, JUDGE DOWLING TOO
MUCH INDISPOSED 70 SPEAK, AND SHERIFF
BRENNAN AT “HOME EVERY FIFTKEN MIN
UTES" —POLITICAL GOSSIP.
The smaller Democratio political leaders,
each ignorant of the other's purposes, and each sarin
that the otlier had prepared some trap for Ris RN
downfall, were shy of reporters yesterday, pad directly
or indirectly refused to have 8&ny copia hi v"
them. A TRIBUNE roporier called tito &t She i Bret,
pan’s office, and thong nearly sn pour elapsed aioe
Phe two visits, the Shor bad “gone home just 15 winw
ago” on both occasions Justive Ledwith not being on
Lhe bonch this weok, was Bot to Do found at tbe Estes
Mar A at his office in Nassau-st, no one knew
Magee: Cogn 0 when Le could be aeen but that he
was somewhere within easy call was shown by the fact
that letters addressed to pin by his friends were an
gwered in soven minutes by letter also.
Judge Dowling early in the werving was not to be
¢ound, and in the aftr rnoon be was too much indisposed
to talk on political mutlers, and refused to see reporters
oF WBEWEr GLY QUEST DS bearing on the dissensions of
«the Democracy. Among politicians, the general opinion
was that Sheriff Brennan did not know whether the
admission of Dis delegation te the Tammany County
Convention Was a concession OF not, and that since the
womination he has considered that it was merely to draw
Dim into supporting Judge Ledwith for the Supreme
Court Judgeship, and that the Dowling men would be
permitted to caiTy their points hereafter.
1s 4a aise said that Mr. Brennan now declares that he
gover awthoriz.d avy one to give In lis adherence to the
form Democrats, ana that Peter Mitchell was not at
elo to make the statement to that effect at the Reform
Democratic Convention ou Thursday last. Mr. Brennan's
attitude was a matter of general discussion among politi
cians yoeterday. Some eald that be was too honest to be
party io (Le clection of the present Tammany ticket,
end others said that be had too many relations and
dependents in Tammany positions, which he had procured
for thew, to work in enposition to the Ring.
In Judge Jedwith's case the discussion was also gen
eral. It wasmaintaived on one haud that Judge Led
with was in a quandary ns to whether $15,000 yout for
4 yom was worth the fall from grace that won follow
8ection for it 18 now intimated that Mr. Ledwith 18
to @ecline the Tammany nomiuation and run on the
Roosevel: ticket, aud that Tawwany will refuse to no
tioc his ceclination, but will secure bis election, and thus
help their own Lickel by the use of his name on it. As
yet Mr. Ledwith his made no reply to the nominations.
1t is rumored also by certain Dewocrats, not of the
Tammany stripe, that Ledwith received the Tammany
nomination to the Supreme Court Judgeship on the un
derspanding that Le was to use Lis influence against
James O'Lricn, aud in favor of Bradley, the Ring candi
date for Scuator.
pomination to the Supreme Court Judgeship on the un
derspanding that Le was to use Lia influence against
James O'Lricn, aud in favor of Bradley, the Ring candi
date for Scuator.
cc
REPUBLIC AN MASS MLETING IN NEWARK
SPEECHES OF SENATOR WILSON, GEN. GARFIELD,
AND OTHERS.
A Republican mass meeting was held in
Library Hall, Newark, N. J., last evening. The speakers
present were the Hon. Henry Wilkon, Gen. Garfield of
Ohio, Senator Frelinghuysen, Col. Van Buren, and Col.
Charles J. Courtois of New-Jersey., Tho wecting was
called to orde: Ly District-attorney C. Titsworth, who
made a bri f address. Senator Wilson was then iutro
duced, and spoke us follows:
The Republicans of New-Jersey are wide awake. Tet
sme tell you, gentlemen, that on a fair count 29 States of
the Union are Republican. and but eight Democratic.
he Democrate have tried to start a new departure, and
dt wouldn't do. They have wet ug, and, with the excep
‘tion of Texas, they Lave been defeated. I believe that
the Republican party ought to hold this country for at
Slust Suegunsration. 1 waut to see a loyal generation
ised in the South, and one in the Northern States, which
will forget what Copperheads are. The Democratic pay is
of te milion of unrcpeuted Rebels who attempted, but
failed, to destroy this Governwent. Then there is the
Copper civwent which, while our brave young men
of New-Jersey were maintaining the ancestral honor of
the State nuder Phil. Kearney, were £orry over your vie
tories. These mou told us thot we couldn’t beat the
‘South, but we did it. They impaired our credit and in
Jarod us as much as Roselle, ‘These men are yet to be
ound everywhere, We can only trnst them when they
repent and accept a fair and honest platform.
Then there is another element in the Democratio party
the loyal Democrats. Ido not intend to say one word of
"harshness against them, but let the Democratic party
t into power, and these men whi be the tail-end of the
Lemocratic party. So vou must see that the Republican
party, which was created by necessity and in the interest
of humanity and Luman civilization, remains in power.
Y believe that there never has been a political organiza
tion so pure and so necessary as the Republican party.
has stood by the country, iu times of wur and of peace.
soe our friend Jounsen; he made a noise in his
time, and now he .s in Teunessee and we are yet in power.
Certain members of the Cabinet are in the ssme fix.
Certain Senators, like Doolittle, have loft ua, dus, did the
Democrats gain anything by this acoession I would
rather vote aud su an honest Democrat than any
one of these Ne egade Republicans. Nobody trusts the
traitor. Gentlemen, we a8 Republicans own no class of
men, and no man is sirong enough to own
the Be Ulicun party or any portion of it. For any one
Republica. aioicu frow us, we gain 10 Democrats. We,
as Repub)! aus, are not like certain men, who think that
they own Lie Revenue Reforiuers, the Teruperance men,
the Germans, or the Civil Service Reformers. We don't
own anybody, because we have fought against that very
rinciple.
P We Pe not vet complete order in the Routh, but we
have nine ku-Kluxers in the Albany Penitentiary, and
ore to come. We do well with our National debt. Now,
have no more sympathy with a Republican thief than
with a Democratic one; iy I don’t think that the Dem
ocratic party bas any right to talk to us about thieves.
Jok at New-York. The condition of its affairs now, and
So and defrauding of voters, is the theme of
sonversation in Europe, and it makes our best men
ang their heads in shame, the same ss they did
Jot years ago, when Europeans pointed to our
4,000,000 of ¢laves. Now during the war, when our pay
asters pid out untold suis of money, we only lost
000. In the U. 8. Treasury, where millions are
dled every day, but $12,000 have been stolen during
is Administration, and the an who stole $8,000 of it 18
“mow in the Penitentiary. Then we bad some paymasters
Tately and seut tem le the Penitentiary. That is the
difference between Republican thieves and the
Democratic ones. The former to the prison, the
latter to office. Is Tweed in the Penitentiaryt No, but
on the road to the New-York Senate. Why, never since
fhe Sword began, has there been such stealing as in New
ork now.
Some people talk a great deal about our bJucieciive
tariff Ie talked to many Englishmen ue Europe,
and they were all Soniplatbing about it. They say we
pay too nch wager. We want to see labor protected,
nd must Lave a tari? to pay such wages. I left Europe
fur more us Protectionlst than when I left America.
e mean to regulate the tariff and reduce taxation some
$60,000,000 1 t the next session, and at pay off our honest
debt. 10 no country does the laboring man occupy such
high position than in omrs, He always has a chance to
Awe nbiy and this fact draws to our shores the bone and
ainew of Europe.
Senator Wilson concluded with a glowing exhortation
to the Republicans of the State to elect Mr. Walsh as
Gevernor.
The Hon. Jas. A. Garfield was introduced and spoke
as follows:

You aro fighting the same battle which we did a few
reeks ago in Ohio. Im Ohio we gave the plain facts to
2e Democracy. We sald, we dare you to tell us any
bing you have ever done for the welfare of the country
sor the past Jeu and we challenge you to point out
one fault in the Republican principles. Every jeadiop
aon tho Brmacruey Fag given to the nation for the past
ten years has n rejected, and is as dead as
Julius Cesar.” Om the other hand, every teat {des
Republicarmism has become a Jory of our onal life.
mocracy is hike Juggernaut, it ewallows its own pro
duotions. What it does it undoes to-morrow. As
proof, we have the New ure. Leading Demo
rats in our State give it up. ey look upon a Republi
can triumph in 1872 as a foregone conclusion, and we are
now in the first stage of the battle of "72. Some Demo
bay are now crying so mueh about labor.
During all the years before the war Democracy
has enslaved labor; now it pretends to
to be the friend of labor. Believe it who may, I don’t,
and the working people of the West do not and will not.
merely came here to congratulate you on the auspicious
pening of your campaign. [Applause.)
Other addresses were made by the Hon. John Hill,
ol. Charles Courtwis, and Col. Thomas Van Buren,

EHS ->-~ro
THE DUTY OF COLORED VOTERS.
LETTER FROM GEORGE T. DOWNING—A FALSE
REPORT EXPLODED—ADVICE TO COLORED
MEN.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Bir: A false report has reached me, the ab
surdity of which I would let pass unheeded, only that some
‘ignorant colored man may be imposed upon by being told
“at George T. Downing has confidence in the Democratic
rvarty. I address yon that I may turn it to profitable ac
ant, at this juncture, in the interest of my party. The
re p—
pert is that I am, for a consideration, snd a small one
that, in the interest of the Democratic party. The re
‘port is unequivocally, in every respect, without any
truthfu jaxnagtion. Io corroboration of which I take
thisgublic opportdnity to state, that while 1 demand of
the Republican party greater hat uly its relation
the colored man, I futend to stand by it, and work for
8 same, ieithin the party. 1 soe no hope’ at present of
aay greater consistency in any other Jarty. bave mo
faith in old policies which tended to our degradation, or
in Yow Departures,” not verified by asia not lived up
$0. Yeo 10 reason to fall in Jive now with theiDemo
evatio party —now wlien it murders ruthlessly, Yeuially,
ir beat educated, mont promising Junk on. 1
h stance the Kili by Demaerata io P phia of our
fespected Octavious V, for exercising in e
a 's A
and esl on Ly 4 Jan do so, not only
I
of its favorable $0 him nally, but as
and stadt of Repabiiosn
struggiin, noc
100! 1 ecco Rephiican
Jrientadve good gqQvérn
ment, o y, oe iq de
ort sop t ay r oi
B blaean ticket. “Be not deceived, let no inducement
Ele I lo {ndu party.
Vy must not be Vue in aiWante with a
of
e Demogtatie n on
party, and the action of its late Beate Gonvention verifios
the assertion for, as ready as some of its members may
have been to avold an identity with its Ring* in this
city, acknowledged its ailogiancos and exposod its
subservienoy thereto, Brand the colored man who shall
give his vote te the Damocratio party a traitor to his
people and to humanity, Gro. T. DOWNING.
New-York, Oct. 96. 1871.
BROOKLYN CITY DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
DRUUVRLINUILY DENMOURKATIU CUNY ENT LIUSN.
MR. KINSELLA DENOUNCES MAYOR KALBFLEISCH—
SAMUEL 8. POWELL NOMINATED FOR MAYOR.
The Brooklyn City Democratic Convention
was called to order, yesterday afternoon, by Thomas
Carroll. The Hon. Thomss Kinsella nominated Samuel
8. Powell for Mayor. In an address to the Convention,
he said that he hoped the ticket nominated would give
satisfaction to tho party and to those not connected with
them in politics. He denounced the frauds of the New
York Ring, and said that if there were offenders in tho
ranks of the Kings County Democracy the party pro
posed to punish thew. He said ho had attended the tax
payers’ meeting at the Rink, on Tuesday evening, and
was pained and mortified to find there men who hoped
to obtain importance by raising the fratricidal hand
against the city. He thought tho Committee of Fifty
was a feeble imitation of the committee in New-York.
Ho looked in vain to sce at the meeting the map of all
others to defend the integrity of the city—ita Chief
Magistrate—and he was chagrived to fiud that the only
“defense of the city came from the Republican ranks. He
claimed that under the Democratic adininistration the
rate of taxation had been reduced 80 per cont, and that
on this Yue party will rely for the success of their ticket
at the ensuing election. Ho said that the present Mayor
Lad been a candidate for oflice since the consoldation of
Brooklyn with Williamsburgh and Bnshwick, and was
still claiming the nomination. Mr. Kalbfleisch was not a
Dutchman,” and In view of the fact that he had been
for eight or nine terms a candidate for Major, the
SPsEs would be opposed to bis being Lal nowinated.
o believed in short terns of office and frequent rota
tions. Brooklyn had been opal Jud unjustifiably as
sailed, and Mayor Kalbfleisch by his silence had allowed
the ears to go unchallenged. He had indorsed 1d hia
Siena b monstrous assaults on the city's honor, if not
credit.
The Convention made the following nominations:
Mayor, Bamuel 8. Powell Controller, Evan M, Johnson;
Clty, Treasurer, Cortlandt A. Rfprague City Auaitor,
Jumes O'Brien Collector of Taxes, Jacob I. Borgen;
Justices of the Peace—Third District, Thomas M. Riley
Fourth District, Charles B. Elliott Fifth District, Thos.
Eames Sixth District, James Cassidy.
AN INDEPENDENT CANDIDATE.
Mayor Kalbfleisch of Brooklyn has announced
his intention of taking the field as an independent candi
date for the Mayoralty. He hasreceived the nomination
of the National Democratic Convention of Kings County,
and Mr. Grogan, President of tho Committee, was
assured, yeeterday, by him that ho wonld accept the
nomination, Beveral German Democratic organizations
of Brooklyn, E, D., have also declared their proference
for him,
KINGS COUNTY DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
The Kings County Democratic Convention
a the following nominations yesterday for county
9 City Judge, Flenry A. Moore: Distriet-Attorney, Winchester Britton;
County Treasurer, Thomas A. Gardiuer; Supervisor-ati-Large, William J.
Osborne; County Auditor, Maurice Fitzgerald; Coroners, Joseph D.
Joves and Lawrence A. Whitehill; Justice of Bessions, Bleghen L
yourhees; Cogpumissiovers of Charities, Heury Seiler and, Cornelius

ergusou,
WESTCHESTER DEMOCRATS DISSATISFIED.
PE WM EMail d L hs a 4% a RFRA aacznd 2
WESTCHESTER DEMOCRATS DISSATISFIED.
The Reform Democrats of the IXth Senate
District are very reasonably dissatisfed with the re
nomination of Mr. William Cauldwell for Senator, The
While Plaing Journal thinks that it 1s about time for the
Democrats of that district to shake off the corrupt and
unprineipled New-York Ring, who dictate the candidates
we may vote for, and who thus deprive the people of the
right of local self-government.” It continues: Through
the overpowering influence of the Ring’s appointees
in Wostchester, Putnam, and Rockland, and
the profuse use of movey, iurmshed in part.
by the Ring, the third-term nomination of Mr. Cauldwell
has been forced peu tho peop. This powerful influ
ence nay carry Mr. Cauldwell through; and as the Deu.
ocratie press of the district has been in rk subsidized,
and new papers are started in the same interest, it 1s ex
pected that the Old Democracy will have little to say in
the future nominations in this county and district; and Mr,
Cauldwell is even now suggested for a fourth and fifth
nomination for State Senator. It is this thrusting
upon the Democratic jens, and fastening upon
it, through forelsy influences and corrupt appl:
ances, of candidates who are mot the fair
choice of the people, which disgusts our voters, and
either koeps them from the polls or induces them to vote
direcuy against the obnoxious Rolaona on tho ticket. If
Boss Tweed 1s to name the candidates, let Boss Tweed,
they eay, elect his candidates.” Of the Republican can
didate The Journal says: touage Robertson now runs
ogainst a third-term candidate, Willlam Cauldwell, the
pane as ho did in 1864, when the late William Radford
forced bis third-term nomination for Congress. Robert
son beat Radford bf npwan of 2,000 wajority, Mr.
Cauldwell! ought to aw.”
I
The Convention of colored men which has
been in session at Columbia, 8. C., for six days, adjourned
sine die on Tuesday. Tne Convention appears to have
been in every respect ereditable and successful.
The Hon. Ellis H. Roberts of Utica ad
dressed a large Republican meeting at Bencca Falls, last
evening, glving an able review of the political situation.
Delegations from other towns were proscut, and much
interest was manifested.
The Democrats have made the following
additional nominations for the Assembly: Oswego—IId
Distriet, Abraham Howe; Putiam—Sarles Drew; Rens
selaer—iid District, Ira B. Ford; Richmond—Thomas
Gwynne; Rockland—James M. Nelson.

The Republicans have made the following
additional nominations for membera of Assembly:
Albany—IVth District, Oscar F. Potter; Chemung—
James McCann; Erie—Ist District, Joseph Bork; fra
District, George Balsh; 111d District, F. A. Alberger;
Putnam—James Dykman; Wesltchester—IId District, Al
bert Badeau.
LOCAL.
Joseph Mackey is named as a “Business
Man's Candidate’ for Senator in the VIIth District.
Frederick Rollwagen was nominated for As
sembly last night by the Reform Democrats in the Xth
District.
Dr. August Weismann has accepted the
nomination for Senator tendered him by the Townsend
Republicans of the VIth District.
The Democratic Convention of the ITd Sena
torial District, Breoklyn, renominated the Hon. James
F. Picrce last evening.
The Charter election of New-Lots, Kings
County, resulted yesterday in a vote of 330 for the new
Charter, and 669 against it.
In the XIth Assembly District the Union
Republicans have nominated John V. Gridley for Assem
blyman, and the Custom-House party has decided to
nominate Wm. M. Evarts,
Martin Nachtman was nominated for Senator
from the VIth District, and Conrad Geib for Assembl
from the VIIIth District, last evening, 7 the pe mr A
ent German Democratic Club of the XIth Ward.
The following nominations were made last
evening by the Workingmen'’s party: IVth Senatorial
District, Clinton Roosevelt; XVth Assembly District,
0 Logan XVIIth Assembly District, Robert May
A meeting of between 50 and 60 members of
the Ledwith General Committee was held last wight to
indorse their nominees. The Committee appointed to
wait on the nominees reported that Judge with and
Mr Hated had Does Xe expressed their willingness
n.
The Democratic Union Party, Kerrin
Branch, last night indorsed the nominations of James C.
Spenser for Bajerior Court J ueje Charles P. Daly for
the Common Pleas, and Henry ker for Marine Court.
A committee was appointed to confer with outside
organizations, with poet to nominate candidates for
Register, Judge of the Bupreme Court, and ono Buperior
Court Justice.
A mass meeting of Republicans, under the
susplioes of the Beventeenth Ward, Xth Assembly Dis
trict Republican Association was held at Concordia
Hall, No. 28 Avenue A, last evening. The announce
ment that Gen. Bigel was to speak attracted a atte asudi
ence of Germans, but the General was unable to be pres
ent, and the meeting was addressed by Major Hagrerty,
Dr. Weisman, Dr. Tasoatis the Chairman, Dr. rcke,
snd Gen. Geo. H. Bharpe. Resolutions were passed iu
dorsing the nomination of Gen. Bigel and the other Re
publican candidates.
Persons well-informed in regard to the Dow
ling-Brennan struggle in the Bixth Ward, state that
Mayor Hall, in socordance with Dowling’s request, ap
pointed certain Inspectors of Election. Brennan and his
candidates for Assemb apprehending the success of
Dowling, appealed to to reverse his action, and ap
point jaspoptors by them. This Hall at first
refused do, sand this refusal caused Brennan to
threaten eeteotion from Tammany. Bus, as Tammany
could fll-spare éven the meanest of her chiefs in the
Comin Conte Lh  poctns tha ith? bo Chants
eemen e
to "alt Brenan, OF his candidates shall be counted; in
if deteated in the election.
To the Edstor oF IMs AaTIONRC.
Sir: 1 am seriously troubled. Happening to
be one of those who have worked earnestly fo» every Re
publican candidate for President since the party has had
J being, I am, fof the first time in fifteen years, in doubt
a4 to my duty at the coming election. H 1 vote for the
candidates of “Bhoddy”’ Murphy's Convention, my action
1s interpreted, against my will, As an indorsement of the
things abhor and if enough voters, situated ne I am,
shall give this ticket their votes to insure ita success,
then our action fs held up as proof that we indorse by
our suffeage a forced leadership which is a disgrace to
the uation and is head.
1 cnunot and will not vote for any other than the Re
Dubltean nominee, ahd. in 0rious -carasstuces. what sm
POLITICAL: NOTES.
A BERIOUS PERPLEXITY.
vr ditor of The Tribune.
NEWYORK DAILY TRIBUNE FRIDAY OCTOBER, 27, 1871
mi
pie det a thre a ie i honda
a wd ws A
Asteria, N. Y., Oct. 12, 1971.
[We assure G. A. E. that he may vote the Republi
can State ticket without at all indorsing Mr. Mur
phy or recognizing him as what he never wase—the
leader of the Republican party in our State. He is
a political accident, to-day holding an important po
sition which he is hot likely to hold long, and he will
be of no more account than the next man you meet
after he has been restored to private life. Wo there
fore warrant our correspondent that his vote, ten
days hence, for the Republican ticket shall not be
regarded as any sort of indorsement of Murphy.—
Kd. Tréb.]
City last evening irom Gen. W. T. Sherman:
LANCASTER, Ohio, Oct, 26,—Tho ITon. Thomas Fwing
died ac 3 o'olook is afternoon, surrounded by i
'y “and naturally as though taking a sleep. lo
will be buried here at 11 o'clock on Saturday.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
~The veteran statesman whose death is thus announced
was born in Olle County, Virginia, Dec, 23, 1789. Ilis
father, who had served in the American Army during
the Revolution, and afterward met with pecuniary re
verses, removed his family, tn 1792, to the Muskingum
River, and thence to some distance from the frontier
settlements, into what 1s now Athens Ceunty, Ohlo.
Young Ewing's education, in this wild, unsettled district,
was necessarily very imperfect. But he
had an ardent thirst for knowledge, and
having learned to read under his sister's
tuition, he eagerly studied the fow books at his command,
reading mostly at night. Resolved to improve the for
tunes of Lis family, he left home in his 20th year, aud
worked in the Kanawha salt establishments until, in a
few years, he acquired cnough money to pay for his
father’s farm, and enable himself to enter the Ohio Uni
versity at Athens, Having exhausted his purse, he re
turned to the salt works, laid by his earnings, then
resumed his studies, and in 1815 received the first
Bachelor's degree ever granted in Ohio. Mr. Ewing next
studied law, in Lancaster, Ohio, was admitted to the bar
in 1816, and practiced with success in the Etate Courts
and United States Supreme Court.
The following dispatch was received in this
J
Mr. Ewing began his Congress career in 1831, when he
entered the Senate from Ohio. He acted with the Whigs,
and became associated with Clay and Webster in resist
Ing the encroachments of President Jackson. He spoke
ageinst confirming the nomination of Mr. Van Buren as
Minister to England, supported the Protectionist meas
ures of Mr. Clay, and during the same session, advocated
cheap postage, and a recharter of the United States
Bank.
He took a prominent part in the debateson the re
moval of the deposits from the United States Bank, and
in 1835 he introduced a bill for the settlement of the vex
atlous Ohio boundary question, which was passed the year
following. During the same session he succeeded in getting
a bill passed which reorganized the General Land Oflice,
and on several occasions he opposed the pelicy of grant
ing preémption rights to settlers on the public lands. Ye
presented a memorial for the abolition cf Blavery In the
District of Columbia, which he insisted ought to be re
ferred to a committee, though be was opposed to grant
ing the requcst of the memorialists,
In December, 1836, Benator Ewing introduced a bill to
annul the instructions issued by Mr. Woodbury, fecre
tary of the Treasury, directing receivers inland offices
to accept payments only in coin or Treasury certificates,
except from ccrtain classes of persons during a {imited
time. The bill excited vioient debates and was defeated,
His term expired in March, 1837, and he resumed tho
practice of his profession.
In the Presidential campaign of 1840 he supported Gen.
Harrison, and when that gentleman came into power
he appointed Mr. Ewing Secretary of the Treasury. The
other members of the Cabinet were Daniel Webster,
John Bell of Tenn., Geo. E. Badger of N. C., Franels
Granger of N.Y., and John J, Crittenden of Ky. Becre
tary Ewing's first official report, presented at the extra
session of Congress in May, 1841, proposed i Ag cent
duties on certain articles, disapproved t inde
pendent Treasury act, passed the preceding year,
and urged the establishment of a National Bank. He
was requested to prepare a bill for a National Bank,
which was passed with some alteration, but was vetoed
by the President. Mr. Tyler thereupon indicated to his
friends a plan for a bank of moderate capital, and at his
request Mr. Ewing helped to frame a charter, which
was immediately passed and in turn vetoed.
Mr. Ewing, with all the other members of the Cabi
net, except Mr. Webster, thereupon resigned. Ilo
did not take office again until in 1849, when President
Taylor appoiuted him Becretary of the Interior, a do
partment then recently created, and which was still un
organized. The leading measures recommended by Mr.
Ewing in his first report, December, 1849, were the ex
tension of the public land laws to California, New
Mexico, and Oregon, the establishment of a mint near
the Californian gold mines, and the construction of a
road to the Pacific.
On the Slavery question he separated from his old as
socliates, Mr. Clay and others, who urzed the necessity
of comprehensive legislation to settle the whole matter
at once and forever, while Mr. Ewing agreed with the
President in thinking the action of Congress uncalled for,
When President Fillmore came futo cflice, in 1550, this
division in the Whig party led to Cabinet changes. Mr,
Corwin was appointed Secretary of the Treasury, and
Mr. Ewing was appointed by the Governor of Olio
to serve Mr, Corwin’s unexpired tern in the Benate,
There were grave questions under consideration at the
time, and Mr. Ewing evinced his former sphitnde for pan
lic affairs. He was an active defender of Gen. Tavlor's
administration, and paid great attention to the husiness
details of the Senate. He did not vote for the Fuzitive
Blave law, but he hetpod to defeat Mr. Clay’s Compro
mise bill. He Tenorio from the Committee on Finance
a bill for the establishment of a branch mint in C.lifor
nla, advocated cheaper postage, and favored the uboli
tion of Slavery in the District of Columbia.
In 1851 Mr. Ewing’s term in the Senate expired, and he
retired from public lifo and resumed the pitetics of law
at Lancaster, Ohio. He was a delegate to the Peace Con
gress of 1860, and was also chosen a delegate to the so
enlled National Union Convention in 1866, but did not
take part in its proceedings. During the war he
gave the Union cause an unflincbing support, but
freel criticised the various financial measures
which the war rendered necessary. He observed a Con
gervative aftitude during President Johnson's adminis
tration, and did not regard the course of President
Grant javoraviy. The fawe of Gen. Shernan has ren
dered notable the kindly care hestowed on him, and the
turn given to his fortunes by Mr. Ewing. The story of
the «adoption of young Shefrian by Mr. Ewing, and the
subsequent marriage of the General to his foster-father's
daughter, i8 thus told in Ohio }a the War:”
The members of the bar at Lascaster knew very well that Judg
Sherman bad left no adequate provision for bis large family, and it wae
agreed among them that some of the children shoul be educated ans
wipported by the legal brethren of the deceased parent. In acoordd
ance with wl arrangement, the Ion. Thomas ving then ia the prime
of his reputation as a great lawyer-and statesman, ecided to adopt one
of the boys. must have the smartest of them,” #0 the stories of the
times tell us that Mr. Ewing said to the widow and on the same sutbor
fty we have it‘that, ‘after some consultation between the mother and the
eldest Sigler, Cua)? at that important period of his life at play ins
x selected.
A seven rw Merb in sebool-boy life in Lancaster, Young
Rherman was fairly adopted into the Ewing family. and be soon made
his way to al) their bearts, He was sent to the Buoglish department of
the village academy, whers he stood well in his classes, and came to be a
promising boy. There was nothing specially remarkable about him,” so
writes HA foster-father, Mr. Ewing, excepting that I never knew so
young bo who would doa erisd wl tol rectly Sud preayily a be
aid ain, ‘‘he areutly honest,
Sn Stadious aod correct 0 Dis babits, his progress in education
d substantial.”
wy dol Toe boy rescned his 17th year. Mr. Ewing mow bad a acy
at West Peiut in Lis gift, and he bestowed it upon the child of bis
friend Young Sherman was admitted to the Academy in June, 1838, and,
with the exception of two mouths’ farlongh in tbe Bummer of 1848,
which he spent In a visit to his home at Laucaster he remained there
Ne od his graduation, in June, 1840, Rrarting with a good
preliminary education, A ts! maintained a fair, though not a first-class
rtanding, to the close, Mr. Ewing desired that be shoald uate in the
Engineer Corps. This, as he himself wrote some months before, he was
nnble to do. bat his yank was such as to entitle bim to enter the artillery,
sixth in bi
i Simin rp we get of these four years of cadet life are in
the letters of the futare Liestenant-General to the fair companion and
playmate of bis Lancaster home. Thess letters are sprightly, vivacious,
sod trite eccentrio—not at all (unlike in style those graver epistles,
which st later period were to draw from the uocomplimentary Becretary
of War the compliment that gherman wrote as bs fooght.” BR
In 18% he ol et to ‘the Btates,”' and on 1st May his long engage:
ment was closed dy bis marviagy to Mise Ellen Ewing, at the residence of
her father, then Secrelaiy of e Interior. Among toe en who graced
the wedding were Aanle]l Webster, Henry Clay, and Lae Tayler. He
Was s00D sent to Jatrissy duty at Jefferson Barracks, Missouri, and
shortly afterward with the brevet of Captaint’ for meritorious services ln
California during the war wilh Mexico;' was made Commisiary, and send
first to Bt. Louis and then to Tew-Orleans.”
————N————————G——————
wwiamrorer rrroprt
Bynopeis for the past foamy four hours.
The barometer continues igheat in New
England, but has fallen rapidly since Wednesday after
noon. The low barometer which was in Iowa has moved
porth and eastward, and Dow extends over Lakea Huron
snd s, Qutagio, Diminishing easterly winds have ocon
tinued on the Middle and East Atlantic, and light winds
in the Bouthern and Gulf States, except of the coast of
Texas. Bouth-sustenty winds have Vv to the south
west and west, wi increasing force on the lakes.
Cloudy weather with ight rains and fog now provalls
from Cape Hatteras to Maine. Rain has extended very
geveraily rom the Middle States to MitwoL and porth
ward. temperature has risen on the Atlantic coast,
and desidedly on the lower lakes and in Ksnsas and Ne
braska; it has fallen elsewhere.
b
Probabilities.
The low baromoter on Lake Huron will prohadly move
eastward, with brisk south-westerly winds to-night on
lie, 10S Jaktvg partially cloudy and clearing weather
on riday very generally from Mississippi River to
So Apna han. range] Fain An0 losal winds in
wii so Virginia and North GRCoias Coan Avia
Ww
tie consta; no hiporiagt change 0 the att ree dtathe,
sod northerly the f coast. A onutiouary
OBITUARY.
THE HON. THOMAS FWIX0O.
WEATHER REPORT.
WAR DEPARTMENT,
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF BIONAL OFFICER,
‘WASHINGTON, Oct. 28, 7p. Ww.
rt
THE LEOTURE FIELD.
DEMAGOGUES AND WORKINGMEN.
LECTURE BY MISS DICKIVANN
ST TT WERE NA NAS NAVSAABN MW»
An intelligentand sympathetic audience was
gathered iast evening in Steinway Ilall to hear Miss
Anna B. Dickinson lecture on Demagogues and Work
ingmen.” The address, which lasted for an hour and a
half, was a thoughtfal argament against the aggressions
and exacting demands of Teades-Unions; against tho
assertions of Wendell Phillips and Gen. Butler, and
their followers, that capital is buliding up an
aristocracy in this country, under which the
condition of the American workingman
more and more like that of the io es aly Soma
Britain; against the leveling theories about the neces
sary ownership by Labor of the Jroperty it creates, the
claim of skilled artisans, as against proefessionsul men
and all others, of being the only workingmen in the
country, the discrimination agnlin apprentices, and
Nong othor features, aliko o Trades Unions require
wents and Labor Reformers’ agitation,
It is a fact, the lecturer sald, whether we like it or not,
that there 8 discontent among tho so-called” working
‘men. “So-called,” becanse the Workingmen’s Union
take it for granted there ure no wor kingwen, save those
“who have spent four Jar in a a But thers aro
other workingmen beside artisans. lero the lecturer
entered {nto an elaborate review of thie strike of tho Ger
man bricklayoers “up the river,” which lasted 20 weeks,
They rofused $3 50, and would not acocpt less than 34 60 a
day. Think of these men paid #4 50 per dav, rot out in
the great West, bat in a great cvergrown Eastern com
manity. She took for illustration a professional Young
man and a workingman. The one gains tho suminit o
his ambition, and arrives at the age of 70 rich man.
The other attains that age and is voor, and departs life
leaving bis children poor, without any In
heritance but the alms-house or the jail. Any
man who earns $4 5 ao day, and is pur
and needy at the age of seventy, insults the ear of his
hearers by complaining of the tyranny of capital and
the oppressed condition of the Jaboring men, No one
questions the right of any man to Rut is own price on
his wares. But, if a purchaser should refusa to buy
catch him by NS throat and compel him to do so i
This illustration th® speaker introdnced with che view
of showing that uo combination of workingmen had tho
right to compel any emplover to pay wmwre than
was legitimate for work performed. She next proceeded
to show how tho 90,000 miners of Pennsylvania, who
worked only six hours a Say for eseveu months out
of the twelve, had earned at the lowest figure
$73 per month, the actual mean Avert fe being $1,600
a year. Yet they were continually striking. Bhe re
viewed the working of tho Hat Iinishers’ Associat!on,
and showed how ust it was to exclude a good saliiful
mechanic froma working with inferior mechanics becanso
he pappeved not to be a nnion man, The rules of the
Association said a man should be pald, say $25 a week.
1. was absurd to give a drunken, incapable ran the
same salary ns a skillful one who is worth twice
his price. She instanced a case in Roxbury,
Mase, where, at the beck of what she
called a Union antoerat, 500 men left their
work besause one #at beside them who did n’t belong to
the union, thongh eonfessediy a better workman than
the best of them, This poor yet skillful mechanic had to
return to bis home in Germany, being houuded dowu by
the tyranny of labor. According to the rules of the
Typographical Union, man mnst work four con
secutive years in oue shop before Le would beadiitied
to the privileges of the Union, This, she went on to de
scribe, showing how the well-dressed Union Jinks,
when he applied for a job, waa instantly supplied with a
case, while the needy and torn, though perhaps more
competent man, was invariably told to Get out.”
8ho reviewed the percentage of representatives of the
various trades, professions. &c., in the peniteutiaries
throughout tho conpiet, und sald that 82 per cent was
from the ranks of unskilled toil. Bpeakibe of the Ap
preuticeship law, she gave an instance of a little boy
who, refused in the first instance the privilege
of apprentiesstiy, became a thief, was sent to
the State Prison, lourned a trale und became
ekillful, and again was refused the privi
eo of working with union men. Tuus. sald tho speaker,
“from a boy they drove him to idicuess and starvation,
fron starvation to crime, from erimeito ths prison-cell,
and, when the prison otficials were mereiful and tried to
help tw up, thoy come to take the work of regeneration
out of his hands and condemn him to bell before he dies,
Miss Dickenson laid great stress upon the workingmen's
“fallacious belief that Chinese labor is injurious
to the workingmen of America. It is contended, she
sald, that Chinese labor is coolie labor, that it 1s serf
Jubor—becanse Chinese laborers are assisted in their
efforts to emigrate by wen to whom #hey ive bonds for
the Fopiymeit of the money advanced to them. But
out in Wisconsin there are large and flourishing colonics
of Swedes, Germaus, Danes, and Norweglans, all of
whom had been sent here at the expense of others. They
have had their passage paid from their own land to this
“country, and from here to their distant howos in the
West, and they have had money advanced to then
to start jag on their farms; for every ceut of which
Fi 4 have given Donde, which must be redeemed by the
first fruits of their labor before they can enjoy tho
[ope of their toil. Bhould theses be called eoolies
t js said that the Chinaman will work for $3 a day,
where the American must get $5, and this because the
American must have Divtes on his walls, and books on
his table, and—what he values more than all—an eduea
tion for his children. These, they eay, the Chinaman
does not i and does not want, But is it
true? The lecturer had heen through the Chinese
quarters of Ban Fraociesco, and there found pic
tures on the walls—-valuable pictures, too but they
were not American piotures. They were Chinese works
of art—that was the “nly differenes. Bo, too, the China
men bad their books, and were an intellizent people, and
did not neglect the education of their children. Accord
ing to the fant report of the Massachusetts Educational
“Commission, there are 29,000 children who never yet
crossed the threshhold of a school-house, Over all China,
there is not n man who cannot read and write his own
difficult language. If that is the kind of ignorance China
mon arc going to introduce here, let us have more of it!
Aloug tho Pacific Coist, where millions of acres of
tho richest soll the sun ever kissed into fruitfulness,
lay untouched, Miss Dickinson had asked, why
don't you cultivate this land? The constant
repiy mide was, We cannot get wen to touch it at any
price.” Yassing tbrough rich orchards, where the
weight of fruit had brought the branches of the trees
almost to the vround, and where the carth’s rich Jol
had heen left to rot, she asked, Toy don’t you collect this
froit and send it into market! An still ono reply is made,
“We cannot get men to gather it at any price,
and vet eloquent lips, honored for 35 years of noble ser
viee to humanity, called upon American workingmen to
wiite, shoulder to shoulder, to push Chinese workingmen
back into the sea! In conclusion, she detailed the story of
winan going to Glasnevin, near Dublin, who saw the
grave of John PLilpot Cuiran beside that of O'Connell.
Why,” said he to the sexton, “What heresy; a
Protestant buried in consecrated jgrovna.” “Yon see,”
sald the sexton, Curran was for liberty, and O'Connell
was for liberty, and lirerty, you kuow, makes brothers
of us all.” [Applause.]

The lecture was heard thronchout with the greatest
attention—not A porsol leaving the hall throughout the
hour and a half of its delivery—aud was iuterrupted by
Dan mtcientdt ze aavrtyey anmymnianrea
LECTURE BY SECRETARY BOUTWELL.
I —n
MP 4 NIE THE ty Sn". ha“_haaie ns ——m—m—mm—
PRESENT QUESTIONS AFFECTING PUBLIC PROS
PERITY.
PRESENT QUESTIONS AFFECTING PUBLIC PROS
PERITY.
Bostoy, Oct. 26.—The ITon. George 8S. Bout
well delivered a lecture this evening, in the Bay State
course, at Music Hall, to a very large audience, Ie was
greeted with enthusiastic applause. His subject was:
Present Questions Affecting Public Prosperity.” After
a few preliminary remarks in introducing his subject, ho
sald that within the last two decades two great events
have taken place—the emancipation of the serfs, and the
emancipation of tho slaves. In 1870, those formerly
slaves were living in ignorance and poverty, and yet in
spite of all this they produced 4,400,000 bales of cotton
against 4,600,000 while Elavery existed.
THE LABOR QUESTION.
The speaker said he would consider some of the errors
which the laboring men commit. First, they look to
labor organizations for general and permanent good.
These organizations are not to be denounced, and they
have the right to say what the price of laber should be,
but the good accomplished by this is only SemporaTy.
Becond, they spend too much time in cons dering
whether they should labor six, eight, or ten hours a day.
As the employers come to ascertain their in
terests this will be settled. In the mines and
fn unhealthy pursuits a man should, perhaps,
labor but six hours a day; but in other employ.
ments where health and life are not endange 4)
man can work a greater number of hours. They commit
a wrong, not an crror oreiy, but a great wrong, when
they attempt to dictate to employer the number of
hours they are to labor, or the tendo one must adopt.
Cannot youth be a stone-mason if he chooses! Is it not
the right of a young man to enter any Jip he Pleaces,
without dictation from laboring men There is ut one
general way for laboring men to obtain full justice, and
that is by coUperation, There are two kinds of co
operation—among themselves, and the other is in rela
tion to the employers. If you go into the manufactories
at Worcester and other places, and ask who
would be accepted in a codperative organization
some would be rejected; and if you would
to the employers, the same result would follow.
hat does it mean ‘It means that some Person are
not capable to work for the benefit of men through co
0 Ho organizations; soldequently there are some
a must be elevated to the benefits received by co
operation. This can be produced by education, in its
broadest sense. The only Vay 30 elevate the laboring
classes is by education in public schools supported by
general taxation. The schools that are supported in any
other way are inefficient.
THE LAND QUESTION.
Mr. Boutwell then referred to another subject of in
terest, namely, the tenure of land. lu England the
opinion is strong that a man should not cultivate a
tenure of land without being a proprietor. If all the
population of the United Btates were crowded into
Texas, and all other parts of the country left unpopu
la there would not be 80 man ple to the square
mile” n as there aie u Massachuserta. “Why
sho any man because he happens n L] 8
should any man bectl or otherwise, say, 10 What use that
land shonid be pat to when bo i dead. Your laws should
forbid a man saying by testament or other means what
use the land put to when he isdead. Another
Sei) in relation 0 the land question is the pawer and
Juncus railroad companies to purchase
2 w ou pot necessary for the business
of J should railroad companies be per
mitted to buy regions, and prevens people from get
tings vitboad trom Bag A An *ncidest vil in
f benefits of its products. An incident evil is,
that ral companies are able to invest their sur
plus the knowledge of the public,
TRAVELING AND® TRANSPORTATION CHARORS.
He then prooseded to discuss transportation, first by
rajlroad, and then by ships. He believed the rallroad sys
aia} present in this eeuntry included about 50,000
and waa established to transport passengers and
freight, and 16 ie for the interest of the public thas they
keoop dows to Shale lpitins gery age
ACALSROLt Sralshie POMOROD ob. bho vel
rates gupntiblo with the tntotests of thé gropris.
tors. ere is one point in which the laboring man
ipometick, 5, Eigiant Plamen puted 3
w requirin 0 y
cortatn distares from tile city for one shilling,
aad thero should be such a Iaw in Boston,
80 that the workingman can got the frees air
and establish for himself a house away from the
dirty city. Tho internal intercets of the country are
fifteen times ns great as those of its intormal commerse.
There are io the West jatee amounts of Had and pease
products to be shipped East; an that
#hould be done ul the very lowest cost, as it increases
the comfort of the laborer in the East us well as in the
Wea, and no man will doubt the propriety of this prin
ple.
THE DECLINE IN SIlIP-BUTLDING.
Mr. Boutwell then referred to tho transportation by
water to other eountries, remarking that it was a de
plorabla fact that of the 140 merchant vessels that sal
between this country and Enrope, not one was under the
American flag. Great Eritain is taking possession of the
ecommerce of the world. This 1s humiliating, but how 1s
it to be remedied! No more wooden ocean ships must
be built. B.iling vesscls built of iron are no Jonges
wanted, and the ouly vesscls that can compete with
other commeres, aro iron seaming. He spoke of the
advantage we have over Euglund in our iren, as being
10 per cent better, aud referred to the Navy
a8 it now is, claiming that {it is larger
for the purposes of peace than 18 nocessary.
The question is not as to the size, or armament of a
vessel at Mexico or Corea; but the flag under which 1%
sails represents 40,000,000 peopie who will pot ask any
thing wror z, nor wiil they submit to eying wrong.
He then referred to the suggostion, that if the duties on
fome of the wuterials for building ships were removed,
we wonld be relieved, claiming to some extent that it
would be £0, but that wonld necessitate the removiag of
the dntics from other articies and the Government can
not afford to do tant, We are looking to specie payments,
aud would it not bo well, sald the ody vey if the trans
portation of our produrts to sand tro was in the hands of
American oh Ag He spoke upon the subject of
the public debts, which In Europe were increased at a
fearful ratio. The debts of Europe and the United
Buates, a few yeas since, amonnted to $7,000,
000,000; to-day they reach $23,000,000,600. Ho ar
gued against the project of postponing
the pavigert of debt, thinking it was Lest
to grapple withit now, and give the capitalist a sharp
rebuke for endeaavoring to shrink, as they sometiines do,
their real share of the burden. Ho closed with some ex
cellent advies to the young who are to rule this country
when It contains 100,000,000 people, warning them aguiust
sore of the mistakes men have wade in the past,
THE SOUTH CAROLINA KU-KLUX.

WHOLESALE ARRESTS IN SPARTANPURG COUNTY
—LAWYERS, MINISTERS, AND O01 HER PROMI
NENT PERSONS FLEEING FROM JUSTICE.
Sparfansona, S. C., Oct. 23.—The letters of
your spr clal correspondent from this plaeo last B8pring,
and the reports of the Congress Cuimnmittee, havo
prepared your readers for the shocking disclosures that
are now being made here of the Democratic Ku-Klux
conspiracy against the lives, liberties, and property of
the Republicans of this and adjacent counties. Senator
Scott and associates found, by the sworn statements of
tho victims and other credible witnesses that, in Bpartan
burg County alone, upward of 500 men and women had
suffered some form of violence from the Ku-Klux. Bev
eral had been killed, others wounded, by gun and pistol
shots, while tho greater number had been whipped in
the most barbarous manner. To eacape violence,
many respectable persons, malo and female, slept
in the woods through all last Winter, without
fire. A flro would havo pointed out
their places of concealment to the ruffans who sought
their lives. From the great number of victims, it was
inferred that the number of the conspirators must be
great, but how kreat none but their own leaders had the
means of knowing. Terror reigned for months. The
most shocking murders were committed, and no attempt
oven to ferret out and bring to justice the perpetrators
wag made, No one dared to move, The Courts were all
in the hands of the Ku-Klux, This state of things went
on until tue U. 8. Court in Raleigh tried and convicted a
rumber of the North Carolina Ku-Klux., Alarmed by
tueso convietions, a Jouve man of this county came for
ward and confessed his connection with the Ku-Xlux,
and gave thenamesof abouta dozen others, Several
partios were soon arrested. Since then, whole *‘dons”
with their cfiicers have come in and surrecdered, and
disclosed tho names of their confedorates. Up to this
time about 75 have been arrested in this (Spartanburg)
County. All those are white Democrats, but as debased,
and, for the most part, as ignorant and villainous a set
of men as any country can produce. Their testimony
involves many of the most influential men of the county,
embracing lawyers, doctors, and even professed winis
ters of the gospel. There are warrants out for about
100, who thus far have eluded the officers. Among these
is one member of the State Legislature, one member of
the South Carolina Conference of the M. E. Church
South, one leading Baptist minister, and other equally
prominent persons. It is believed that from 1,000 to 2,000
Inen in this county are involved directly or indirectly in
the outrages committed.
DELIVERANCE FROM KU-KLUX TERRORISM.
CoLumsia, S. C., Oct. 22.—The people of
this section are in a state of feverish excitement over
the recent developments in the Ku-Klux question. U.
8. Marshal Johnson reached here last night with 19 Ku
Klux prisoners, having left 60 more at Spartanburg.
The whole gang 1s made up of what the people here call
Jow-down” fellows, men ready to do any work, how
ever bloody, if instigated by superior inteliigence. Itis
perfectly astpnishing, the ramifications of this infernal
order, Itextends in all directions, and is said to em
brace some of tho wost prominent men of this State. In
York, Unlon, and Spartanburg Counties hundreds have
fled to escape arrest. Some have gone to Georgia, and
gome have been heard from beyond the Mississippi.
Men whom no one suspected have left their homes, with
their crops ungathered, and have fled no one knows
whither, and yet the work 18 only fairly begun. Unless
a general stampede is made, the jails and Prisons will
not contain the gulity wretches, Many of those ar
rested confess to ojng “roped iu” by prominent Demo
crats in their respective counties. The developments
are of the most damning character, The officers are
Kept busy night and day hunting the frightened vil
1ains. The day of deliverance from the terrorism which
has prevailed in portions of this State for wore than two
years seews to be dawning upon us.
AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION.
ADDRESSES BY EX-GOV. HAWLEY AND SECRETARY
DELANO.
Hartrorp, Conn., Oct. 26,—At the closing
meeting of the American Missionary Association this
morning the Committee to whom was referred the report
on the Indians reported In favor of coiperating with the
Government, heartily indorsing the policy of President
Grant, and recommending to the Association and the
friends of humanity everywhere a hearty support of
that policy.
Ex-Gov. Hawley then made an earnest address, show
ing, first, the bitter hostility which the Missionary Asso
ciation encountered in its early days, when Abolitionism
was unpopular. He alluded to the fact that hisown
father was stoned in a Connecticut town; and, to show
the great change in public sentiment, he sald that he
himself had secured a Republican majority in that very
town. He argued that the Indians were capable of
Christianization and civilization, and gored the officers
of the Hudson's Lay Company and others, saying that
the Indian will treat the whites well if they will treat
him humanely, The speaker did not believe that it was
necessary for.the Saxon and Protestant to kill the In
dians on sight when Latins and Roman Catholics even
got on without it.
Secretary Delano of the Interior Department then
made a long and eloquent address. After showing that
the Government had always been liberal in its donations
tothe Indians, who were swindled by agents, so that
they had become literally hostile to the Government, he
pivteded to explain the lew policy which was adopted
y Gen. Grant, who sounded key-note in his iuaugu
ration message when he said
The Government, as a Jove, has never Saplesiod its
duty to these people {ts treaties have been liberal, but
maladministration has balked its intention, When this
Administration went into power the Bostiiity of the In
dians had culminated, aud that Lostility was hon
the manner in which they had been treated. This hos
tility, furthermore, was general, and felt among all tribes
of Indians, The ides of slsnghtering and exterminating
the red men had become general, and the sjfoment was
based upon the supposition that that was only way
out of the difficulty. The whole difficulty was because
the agents were not selected because they were lLonest
and capable. They were appointed because they applied
for the position, and many of them bought their places
not to make money out of their salary of
$1,500 a year, but out of the stealings. It was
a disgrace to the nation to which we belong. But
thank God that shame is in proccss of extermination.
Looking out to see 8 wax out of the SubATTasiZenls, Lhe
President of the United States, in his inaugural ad
said, I will favor any policy in regard to the Indians
that will tend to civilize thew,” and that should be
written in words of gold. He Setopitzed that civiliza
tion was the grand engine to recon sad better the In
THE STATE OF TRADE.
I
DOMRATIC MARKETS
w N Cet Spirits T ting steady at 62
LMINGTON, lo LL] ne
Rosin rm a4 $33 tor Bhcalued 03 75 for No. 5: 83 50 for Low FY
$780 for Batra Pale; #7 for Pale. Crude Tirjaatine steady at
#3 50 for Hard; $5 25 for Yellow Dip, and $5 3 Virgin,
LovisviLLs, Oct. 26.—Tobacco firmer and more active; sales, 0 bhda.
Bagtiag dull Flogs frm and In good detoand Family, $8 80, min
ae fon 1 es Rib, 8ic.; ir By TR
sared 16}c. Toma, Sibiote WA; quiet ad stead, oe
Duroiy, Oct 28. Wheat stesdy and advanced 2¢.; Extra, $1 35; No.
1 White, $1 47; Amber Michigan, $1 4.
Mauris, Oct. 26. ~Flour saaten; sties st $5 W288, Corn active;
pales at 66270, Oats steady; at 48@00c. Pork frm and scares.
Lard frm apd In falr demand; sales as 10{@lljc. Bacon steady;
Shoulders, 8¢. Bides, 8} Pe.
MiLwavxas, Oct. 36, —Flowr Jiao  Wheat—Demand
Hight and holders frm; No, 1 at 1234: No. Sal $120, Oats frm and
scarce; No. at 30a Corn in falr demand aad i Rod Miaed, So
Rve dul) and a shade lower vi gro Bei fig n
Freight o~—Wheat Batis, 6. Beoet,
Gmetad O36, —Piour frm 13d wshenged. Wheat frmer, at $118
y i O1 13) last halt of nezt monih., Cora firm of j 46e.
bid November) rgscted LN Oats firmez, with 8 N
je. oath; January; nothing 5 Re, 55e.
inary Pork nomimlly $13 0D$13 LN od
brand; $12634 3813 75 seller January. bed i
{asaary. Meats noubsal; Sh he. ne
H salable a
to buklo Wias he. Coa 176. 0 H re. rho Sia.
4 ba
Wheat, Vi od bash. Corn, ku. SAAR
90,000 bush, Corn, 179,000 bush. Obts, 3,000 bush. Rye, 9,000 busy
7. Lows, Ock, 36.—Plocr Srmly betd; Low sod Medium in
IR A rp eA 8 J Th
Winter, FY doll Be.
a n and drooping Misajts track, 294.
dull sad lower; on track, j mead, Jha,
Nigar hing ow; sules at Oe Bre—Ba 2 lows, 81
higher sales at 890. Hemp
Pork quiet; sales at $13 on orders. Bascom quiet for fi
lots; a Clear Rib Sides. 7ie.. loose;
Sides, je. de. Live Hoga
Cattle steady, ranging from $1 0D #4 ids.
AA ok Cy Sa. Go 30
Crrvxraxp, Oct Piokrsiealy. Waeat bet dull; No
Thigh Mime, 01 Xo. 3 do, 8134 Cora and
Tigh Mixed, 6le. Low Mined, 8c. very dull sales of 2c.
leum i) sud ncanly archanged.
Crnourmam, Oct. 28 —Floar Sem and tn fz demand} ily. 64. 98
@%0 75. Wheat dof! and lower: sales at $1 3241 1.
and iu fair demand sales vt 45388e. for! OM and Kew. Osis fre
in fair Gemand sales at 35@40c. Barley dull aad nemissi sales
De. Pork dull and a shade lower; sales at $13 ¥7, els 80,
doll and drooping: 10je. asked. Bulk Meate dull: Ll aig
make Sancessong Khonlders, 8§D6je. ies, 912 Bacon
In lols, Samandy hanged R, Harv C oh
H u!l and nncha sm a
ig he {1 a $4094 25. Whisky ia oA fy A
at 90e,
L200, Oct. 28. —Flour doll sad Wheat dull
Bini ng No. White Wabash, $1 46; Nor White M
Amber Michigan, @1 43: No.1 Red, 813% No. 2 Red
#1 154; No. 3 ied. $1 30; Rejected, 31 20, Corn ia fair
Mah High Mixed, Se. sw. 3jc. Low Mina, 3¢ e.; Now
Michigen, 50.; White, Sle. Oats v; No. 1, 1 Na.
Ske. Preights lower; to Buffilo, 5@'}e.; a.
5.40 bbls, Flour, 18,000 bash. Whess, 42,000 Com, 6.000
Oars. Shipmeats—3,000 bbls. Flour, 22,000 bush. Com, 20,000 bush.
lata
Cattle dull; very best on sale to-dav, Be mags 624; feed
®i 2a $4 61%; mediam, $3 Ly Fy 2; or nrg, +3 3
receipts, 24793 head; sales, 2, head, Ron wer, with a
demand; sales at $6@$6 50; receipts, 5,740 head, Bled) ts il
supily and in moderate demand; fair to good, $4 25D95; good to exten,
Sow8S 5: receipts, 2,996 Lend.
FOR LIVERPOOL~In steamship City of Avtwory, Oct. 26.—Mrey
Madley, Miss i Albert Schuber, Bianea and wite, Rev. J. A,
Eva, L. W. Ropes, Mr. Hamilton, Lieut Jaman, Dr. Melles, B. XK.g
rt
For other Ship News see Third Page.)
ARRIVED.
S1eamship Wamentta, Fish, New-Bodford, with mdse. and pass. te Fae
guson Wood.
Steamship Rattlesnake, Wicks, Boston for Philageiphia.
Bark Goetbe (N, G.), Stervken, Nasbuly 40 days in ballast
Brig Eva N. Jobnson, Joheson, Po 15 days, with lumbes.
SOHOON BES—RIVER AND COASTWISR,
Quickies, Pawtackett, J. P. Carver, Calais
C. Smith. Pall River, Eli Townsend, Previdence,
Owaba, Sallivaa, Me. Rieasl, Nowpord,
Clara Merrick, Lvov, Farah Jace, Now-Taven.
Sehr. Active (Br.), Hillbore, N. B., with plaster.
Bridgeport. Anns Elizabeth, Bangor.
Admiral Blake, New. Bedford. M. Brockway, Cosnectiout Hig
Dani*l Webster, Baawieh, Dr. Franklin, Stoniagtes.
W. W. Dickens, Westerly, R. I. Vapor, Providence.
Davidson, Providence. Mike Praak, Bridgeport
Willard P. Piillips, Providence.  Lamartive. New
Samuel Fish, Lostoa. Cherub, Gardiner,
Mary Chi'ton, Plymeath, Daborsh Jones, Gardiner.
Aun T, Sy gle. 4 Ady Phil Sheridan, Fall Rivet
Sonbeam, Provideace (380. Gillam, Portland
Whistler, Taunton. H. 8. Oolling, Portland, CL
Penticn, New Liven. son, provisos.
P. Robinson, Gloncester, us, Parker, or, wieshed,
Minera, Fail River, A. G. Lawson, Providense,
Aun Eliza, Rondoat, 8. A. Boloe, Providence.
L. 8. Barnes, Yarmouth. E. M. Smith, Harwich. v
Westmorelad, Providenoe, Annie Martia, Provideass,
Helen Mar, Providence. Uncle Tom, Addison.
E. J. Heraty, Lanesville, T. Sionickson, Boston.
White Yih, Raves. Ida Allen, Pembroke.
Albomak lacd. Etta May, Calais.
Keventr-Six, Spruce Head. Lady Adame, Now-Haven.
N. H. Brown, Warebam. Spleadid, Warehasa,
Est:lle. Providence, J.'Y, Young, Providenes.
8100p Fred Brown, Providence.
WIND—Sandown, light, B. N. B.; verv foggy.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Crarmsron, 8. C., Oct. 26. —Sailed, steamship G for Bow
York schrs. J. 11. Btickaey, for Baltanors May Morn, “or Goorgeaeny
8. C.
BAvANwAN, Ga, Oct. 26.—Arrive] yestorday, steamship
roma Now-York. Cleared to-day, ship Tree do 4 for Ulnapest
iparkling Sea for Jacksoaville; steamships Gea. Farues, for Now
America, for Baiuumore.
Th P1ia ER, Capt. Andersen,
Loxnow, Oct. 26.—The brig Golden pt
so to tha nort of 8L Jobn N. B. has put into Queenstown leakang.
‘(Good counsel is above all price.”
_ Here is some, “adverdse in Tam Coummmoias, the ocaly Miruing
“In the day of wealth remember the honr of advan
sity,” sad your advertisement in Tus Torzpo Monswxe
C1AL that helped you to your wealth.
T.ong Winter Evenings! $20 Biruarp Tasiz! Full de
Cues aad Balls Qaick Rubber Cushions! Dia free
Aspor Nicsoria, 9 Eibectyat.. New-York.
Parson’s Purgative Pills—Best fami) lo; Shoridesfy
Cavalry Condition RE Ci bors vn
Wedding and Visiting Cards, Iuitial Stamping Nete Papasan
Wa Everpxis's Sons. 104 rire orr. Oud Durga Canaan
ARCHER—RYER—On Thursdsy, Oct, 26. 1571, ai the residence of Mo
bride's parents, by the Bev. D.C. Crawford of Now-York Oligy
Fugene Archer of Yonkers to Hi B., daughter of Edward B. Ryesy
04q., of Yonkers, Westchester Co. N.Y.
BOWNE—ROE~On Wadneaday, Oct. 25, at the residence of the Hy
parents, by the Rev. B. 8. Paltchild, Samael W. Bowne to Colla
Poly danghier of Capt. Geo. B. Roe, all of Flashing, L. L
DODGE—PRALL—At Paterson, N. J., on Wednesday, Oct 25,
by the Rev. Jobn MM. Heffernan. Mr. Frederick N. Dodds of Now-T
Miss Jennie G., daughter of the late Abrabam the
place.

BILL—GRIMSTEED—I» Brooklyn, Thursday, Oct, 26, by Rev. Chasieg
8 Robinson, D. D., Heary W. Bil, a of Philadelphia, io lide,
danghter of the late Heury Grimsteed of Brooklyn. No earda
HAYWARD—JUDSON~—On Wednesday, Oct. 23, at the Fellivice sii
bride's father, the Rev, Dr. fim w. Bellows, D.D,
daughter of Wim. D. Jadson, to John H. Hayward.
LEGGETT—FBRGUSON ~On Oct. 25. ia 8a N.Y,H Ao
i. Peiguoa, Chases P. Leggo sf Clavarsee 8 7. So Holca os
guson, daughter of the officialing minister.
LEES—BULL—Ia Brookifu. Oct, 24, at residence of bride's na
James Sheldon, by Rev. Edward P. Ingersoll, John A. Lees to
daaghter of the late Henry D, Ball of Columbia, 8. C.
LYND—BURBANK—On Wedneslay, Oct. 25 at St
by the Rev. Dr. Swephena H. T Robert Lad to M.
hf Richa rd C. Trig all of Haboken, N. J pei Rs
MORGAN—BARLOW—On Wednesday, Oct. 25, at the Reformed Churely
Washingloc-vquate. by the Rev. Dr. M. Hution, leary A. Morgan, uy
of this city, to Estelle N., daughter of Joseph C. Barlow, eq.
Brooklyn, L. L
Bt. Louis papers please copy.
REESE—BACKMAN—At Greenpoint, on the 25th inst, by the Rev. 3
A. Backett of Cranford, N, J, John Bimore Beese of this cliy te
Augusta Backman of Greeapolnt.
WERBKS—WEEKS—On Fourth day, 10th month, 25th, at the Nunn
of the bride’s parents, by the Rov. Thos. Mallaby, Samael M. Wesks
Jeonie M., dsaghter of Willet Weeks, all of Glea Cove, L. L
WOOD—LEWIS—~On Wednesday, Oct. 25, ot the Brick Chased, iw
York, by the Rev. George Nisin, the Rev, Prank A, Wood Mie
Boplue R., daughter of the late Rev. John N, Lewis
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed with full
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed with ful
name and address. i
TRC
BANTA—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday evening, Oct. 25, Paul, pull
son of William Banta, in the 21st year of his hs.
The funeral will take Fides st the residence of bis parents, 157 wy
near Hoyt, on Sat y, Oct. 28, a8 3:20 o'clock.
JENNINGS—On Thursday, Oct 26, at Boge Point, N. J., of
sions, Emma C. Lyon, wife of Henry D. Jennings, aged 33 h
mooths and 11 days.
cou
Funeral from the residence of her mother, Mrs. Solomon B. Lyom, sh
Bedford, N. Y., on Saturday, 28th, at 10 o'clock m, i
MERRITT—On 25th inst., Gen. Phineas Gordon Merritd, formend) off
this city, recently of San Frascisco,
Friends and relatives 5% Nguestod to attend his mera! from his inde
residence, 225 West Thirty- -t., on Friday, 27¢h last, 3p.
Texas and California papers please copy.
SHIELDS—On Oct. 25, Thomas Shields, aged 45 years.
The relatives and friends of the family, and members of the Sevenll)
Presbyterian Chareh, are regpoetfally invited to attend bis funeral en
Pridas afternoon, 4 o'clock, from his (ate residence, 366 Bast Eighthvet,
near Avenues D.
TAYLOR LA Wilmiagton, Del., on Fourth day, the 25¢h insd., T. Claim
90: L) A
Funeral a the Seventh day, the 2812, at 2 o'clock p. m.
WHEATON—On Thursday, Oct. 35, Jane L. Wheaton, aged #1.
Faaera! from the residence of Joba P. Prall, West Flublag, Suiurder. 8
10:30 o'siock. Flashing trains leave Hunter's Poist we
James-slip and Thirty Tourth-st. ferries, 8:30; retarn a6 1:35,
5 tman, aged 4 mouths
Friends are kindly javited to attend the funeral from the Nx
of
Jos Wightauat, 300 Ewen-ot., Brooklyn, K. D., on Friday, Oct 53,
[A
—_——
Tent PC Sater ea ards
FOR SENATOR—AUGUSTUS WEISMANN.
Thirteenth Assembly District Eepublizan Asesintiel
will meet st Temperance Hall, 161 Righth-ave., on FRIDAY
37th inst, at 8 o'clock, CHAS. BLACKIR, President,
_C. G. ArcRisaLD, Secretary.
Committees for the itelief of the Saflerers by hd
Chicage Counfiagration.
Roo ANBER Couwmeocs,
No Wittiauor. Oetover 3 0
Persons desirons of subscribing to this object may send thelr contribes
tions #0 the Chamber of Commerce, No. 63 William-st., case of GRORGE
WILSON, Secretary of the Chamber, between the bours of 10 o. wm. anf
3p. m., or to any member of the Committes. Checks to bo made ayes
to the order of A. A. LOW, Treasarer.
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTER:
JOHN C. GREEN, Chairman, 71 Bouth-ot.
GEOROE OFDYKE, Vice-Chairman, 25 Nasan-sb.
A. A. LOW, Treasurer, 31 Burling-slip.
FRANK BR. HOWE, Secretary, 88 Wallet _—
Life Association of America. i 8
OFFICE, 9% BROADWAY, NEW.YOBE
CA PRINCIPLES:
Safety asd ti i Besaemy end comngy in my’
agemeat. All profits equitably divided ameng peliay-holiem.
Policies non-forfeiting, fair surrender rains guareviond by dion.
Every State bes one of more represiniives a 0 Gop Boas al,
ar Ro
Ten Fi A
GO0D UCR.”
Se HE ONLY id 5 0 poe
sy ae RAS reesonte
gids UNCAN'S SON
Joss AGENTS, ap
HF
W. UNDER ry) only genuine Ld
lous relia for the Sab, Wholesnle, 308 Faltee
i Dimes, Waigbor sad Jeweler, yy
PIPL LL TE ECR
bush, Corn, 170.000 bush Obs. 2.000 bush. Bye, 9,000 bush
o
NATTIMORE LIVE RTOCE MARKET. New 8
PASSENGERS SAILED.
LATEST SHIP NEWS.
MARRIED
DIED.
Gpecigd Notices