ssAiLY PKESS.
1*0 BTLAN W
TUESDAY, OCTOBER IV, ISil. j
It will be a pleasant thing 1nr the people ot
IV,aland to greet personally once
Chief M »gistrate toward whom tbeir feeling
ot hoDor and gratitude are to warm and sin
ce, e as they ate toward President Grant. It
,V ,u entirely natural and proper ihmg for
them to wish to pay their respects to hint.
Dul we ate glad, ungracious as it may ap
„,ar, that the programme tor his reception
in ibis city seems to involve hutlittle expense.
W e have no hesitation in saying that the peo
ple ofMaine are too poor to expend alarge sum
in receiving so great a man as eveu the chief
executive officer of the Republic. The time
lias passed, thank heaven, when the delusion
prevails that men can best serve God by starv
ing Hie millions for the, sake ot honoring
princes. A more rational attitude toward
mlers and other great men is now preserved,
it is not thought best that all the John
Mnilhs in the world should he naked, cold
and Starved in older that all the Heliogaba
iuses in the Roman Empire may have soup of
peacock's brains, and game and fruit out o
season. It is not thought right that all the
workingmen in the country should live in
mud hovels and eat black bread in order that
Louis Fourteenths may build Versailles and
move about will Orieutal ostentation and
magnificence, or that Charles Seconds may
keep plenty ot misti esses and have luxurious
surroundiugs. The most startling divergen
ces Irorn the modern, rational doctrine in re
gurd to the duty of the masses toward public
men occur in this very matter ol “inceptions'
and ‘'ovations” ot ditterent kinds. Thete is
sufficient ground lor objecting to expense on I
such occasions in the lacl ot their usual in
utility and absurdity. The time has come
when all sensible men—and Gen. Grant is
foiemost among them—hate all empty, putr
iJe uibplayff, and avoid them tvIioucvei ll lo
possible. If we may lell the truth without
giving ofleuce, such occasions are commonly
merely the devises of unpaid or underpaid
municipal offi.ers lor jimketing at the public
expense and eating, drinking, traveling and
becoming couspicious at the public charge.
Hut the most serious objection is the one to
which we have alieady adverted, and to which
Gen. Grant so fittingly alluded when he
sent tnal dispatch lo his Huston lrieuus pro
posing that tire money appiopnated for his
recepuoQ should he given 10 me sufferers by
the Chicago tire. It is shameful to squandet
in buyrsfi, unedily iug displays what would he
sadly need, d lor tht leliel of poverty and sul
leriug even it there were no exliaordmary de
maun for char ily created by the conflagrations
in the Weal. We believe that the time has
now come when most people concede, what
the ITtitss was almost alone iu declaring at
the time, ibai it was a crime as well as a biun
del aud a farce to throw away leu thousand
dollars iu receiving the remains of a deau
philanthropist to our shores. It was as gross
a piece of mapproprateness as Queen Victo
ria was guilty of iu piesentiug him with an
expensive portrait, aud the afistociacy oi
England iu electing a statue to his memory,
iusiead oi emulating his example.
It is a matter ior rejoicing, therefore, that
only a small sum will be taken from the tax
payers ou the present occasion, and that there
aie evidences ot ilie pievelauce ol soundei
uolions than formerly. We Oelieve we are
right in supposing that all such appropria
tions of public money aie of doubtful legality,
and it is well luat they should be reduced to
a minimum. We believe iu Gen. Grant—
There is uo political object to the attainment
which we look forward with more hopeful
ness aud pleasure than to his re-nomination
aud triumphant re-electiou. But we believe
that Portland has chosen a way of honoring
him that he himself would choose, and that is
much more creditable to him and to us than
stuffing him and his party.
The Bowdoiu semens who are just now
‘•suspended” for bad conduct will, we trust,
be restored on as easy terms as aie commonly
offered in such cases. Probably Gen. Cham
berlain aud tne other college authorities un
der the new regime do not believe in the di
vine right oi students to he rowdies and
1> ackguards. Undergraduat»e iisoa imig
been indulged hi the notion that they are
subject, to an easier code of manners and
morals than other men.

Chief Justice Chase does Dot advise the
Democrats to abandon their organization and
support a conservative Republican. He thinks
it neither practicable nor necessary. He coun
sels ibe nomination of a moderate man—
Chase, for instance—in the hope that the Re
publicans will support him.
OPEN NO' OP THE Elaoeav
NORTH ADUBIt'AIV BAILBOA1)
A UW WiniCB Haiti I HII llllll i; II Ill'll.
MEETING OF THE PRESIDENT AND THE GOVER
NOR GENERAL.
The European and North American Rail
road, wh eh is to be opened with due interna
tiooal rites oh Wednesday, is an enterprise the
importance of which well deserves its some
what ambitious name. When that(name was
given, to be sure, its purpose was primarily to
furn sb the longest possible land route be
tween America and Europe, and to supply
transportation by rail across the Gut of Causo
to Cape Breton Island and, after the interposi
tion ot a few mi es of water, across Newfound
land. Now the primary purpose is to connect
St. John and Halifax and the other cities and
tow os ot the maritime provinces with the
United States. Undoubtedly the wider plan
of tbe late John A. Poor and other original
projectors of the enterprise wi1! ultimately be
carried out, and meanwhile many hundreds ot
travellers between Europe and America will
save themselves from twelve to twenty-tour
h.»urs ot wat^r transit by going by rail to Halifax
and thence to Europe, instead of starting from
New York. Until the completion next year
ot that part o< the Intercolonial Roar! lirirwr
tween Amherst and Truro, Nova Scotia, a gap
of about seventy five miles, Si. John or Sbedi
ac, on the Gulf of St. Lawrence, will he the
rail terminus far the traveller. But next year
this bia us in the great international work
will be filled, and whoever wishes may go
from Bangor to Halifax, about 480 miles, di
rect. “The Atlantic Ferry,” as the enthusias
tic originators of the route called it, will ulti
mately be no very serious misnomer, after all.
Already there is a project for a road from Hal- i
ifax to the port of White Haven, at the East
ern extremity ci Nova Scotia, that will short
en the water route between America and Eu
rope more than another hundred miles.
I THE GENEROSITY OF THE STATE.
It is only five years since the work on the
Maine division of the European and North
Ame'-icanjrtadfwas actually begun. The en
terprise would undoubtedly have lagged much
more than it has if the Stato of Maine as well
a« the Provinces has not granted heavy subsi
dies. To the provinces the aid has been on a
much larger scale than here,but Maine has de
puted from her customary policy of refusing
railroad subsidies to an extent that can only oe
justified by the great importance and the in
ternational Character of the work. There
seems to be a disposition in some quarters to
underrate the aid.givea by the State. We
hope that this disposition will uot.be indulged
aud that the corporation, which has our best
wishes for its prosperity, will be held to a strict
fulfillment of all the obligations to ;tbe public
it assumed as a part consideration for the gen
erosity wiili which it has been treated. It has
received the entire teamant; of our public
lands, and an assignment of claims against the
general government approximating to a mill
ion dollars. Such unwonted generosity
should be duly appreciated, and the contract
to take measures to promote settlements along
the hue of the road should he uugrudgiogly
fulfilled. This will be the more easiiy done,
Since villages and embryo cities are spontane
ously.springing up in the wilderness through
Kinkman is as wonderful a
gro* un iVa e”r1 Way’ aS tl’e ,own9 tllat
nues o.V.vei I* 7" We,terD aV<"
d,ci,d tor Vauoeboro oa th'I,afrnt
other towns on the line "“tier, and for
The following is a concise
H18TORF OF THE Hoat»
The European and Ninth American u
was per se his ns origin in tfo. E»'l-
oi I860.” ai Portland This c0Bvemfo7*'"n
cslieo by Hop. John A Poor, recently detmas*
ed.aod v.asattenoed by many distipgnishJrf
gentlemen interested in obtaining a route
which would shorten the oceau travel between
this country and Europe. Among these were
b. 8. Moore, the present GoVerror
Wilmotdof New Brunswick, Geo. F. Stiep
■v Noali Smith, Elijah L. Hamlin, Governor
oi’in Huhbard (who piesided,) and many oth-
rs. At this convention the uame was adopt
d which has beeu preserved ever since, and
hoitly alter, in August of the same year, a
hirter was obtaiued Irom the State of Maine
or a company to build from Waterville, then a
eruduusof a branch ot the Atlantic aud St.
Lawrence road, to the liouudary line of New
liuuswick, to connect with the portion to be
tailt iu the provinces, which it was proposed
0 ruu to Halitax. Charters were immedia
cy granted ny the governments ot Nova Sco
ia and New Brunswick, which granted facili
't“_J to the corporators, and iu the latter part of
850 end in 1851. Mr. A. C. Morton of New
1 oik (who died during the past summer)made
t survey ot the whole route for the State ol
Maine and atiits expense.
Then, in 1852, the companies i» New Bruns
wick and Nova Scotia, together with the prov
inces, made a contract with Jackson, Peto,
Betts Co., of England, to build their por
tions oi the road, and the fiist sod was turned
in St. John in 1853, Robert Jardine being the
President of the New Brunswick Company.
They continued work until 1855,but maoe
little progress, and during the financial
difficulties oi that year, caused by the Crimean
war, tney suspended entirely.
Two years aher the government of New
Bi uuswick took up the portion between St.
John to Sbediac, as a government work, and
completed it iu I860, Mr. Jardine then being
ihe commissioner, the original Dame being
preserved (or this portion. During the same
ptriod the Nova Scotia government built the
portion between Halifax aud Truro, on the
same basis, calling it the Nova Scotia railway,
these two portions are now owned by the Do
minion of Canada, aud the portion between
Monckton and Truro is now being constructed
by the Canadian government to connect there
two portions. When this is done the gap of 75
miles now lemaming will he filled, aLd a con
liuuous line Irom Bangor to Halifax will be an
accomplished fact, the entire length irom Ban
gor to Halifax being 478 miles.
While this work was done in the provinces
the Kennebec and Penobscot road was built
from Waterville to Bangor.
Thus from 1855 to 18115 active operations on
>be European aud Noitli American railway as
a whole were almost entirely dropped, but the
work bad gradua ly progressed by piecemeal,
as it were. Iu November of the latter year
Mr. E. R. Burpee ot St John, imbued with
tbe importance of tbe matter, came to Bangor
aud had a conference with Jonn A. Poor and
others, aud succeeded in bringiug it out Irom
its cotnparativeoblivion and quiescence. Dur
iog the same tall Mr. Poor succeeded in buy
ing tbe charter of tbe Penobscot Valley rail
road, which covered tbe route from Bangor ti
Oidtowu, 12 miles, auu which owned tbe grad
cd road to Urouo, above spoken nt
1.. a. icii.w.nff aptp charter was obtain
ed Irom New Brunswick to build a road to tht
boundary of Maine, to connect with the roat
to be built by the Maine company, of wbicl
Poor was then Presicent, and that govern
■•-‘•nt also granted a subsidy of $10,000 pei
mile.
1.. May, 1804, Mr. Burpee made a survey am
location at the expense of the Government o
New Brunswick, aud organized a company
vi iih Mr. Parks ol St John as President, oh
tamed subsetiptious from private individual;
to lue amount ot #200.000, and from the Gov
erument ot tbat province of $300,000 more.
In June, 1865,a contract was made betweei
I these two companies, whereby the Maiue com
pany was to take the facilities of tbe Ns*
Brunswick company, and build its road, a
welt as that on thin side the boundary. Tb
AlaiDe company shortly alter let tbe buildin
ot the whole road, from Bangor to St. John, t
Pierce Blaisdell of Boston.
Very little progress was made for a year o
two, but in 1867 ac»ive operations were com
uieuced on both ends of the route. Pierced
Blaisdell sold out their contract to the Intel
national Construction and Transporlatioi
Company, and in June 17, tbat year, Mr. Bur
pee took the contract tor building 30 miles c
the road,from St John to Vanceboio.’ Thi
wa-* fiuisbed and opened on tbe 1st of Decern
Per, 1869. Mr. Parks, who was President cj
that company up to this time, left for L>ver
pool in January, on the City of Boston, am
was among bcr unknown victims, and Aler
Jardiue, brother of the first President, wa
chosen to tbe place. In tbe Maine coinpan
there was also a change, Mr. G. K. Jewett c
Bangor being elected to the Presidency i
place of MfTPoor. the father of the road, wh
theu ceased active connection with it. Th
road was built from Bangor to Mattawamkeai
during the same time, and opened to travt
thus tar, 58 miles, in November, 1869.
Tbe country from thence to Vauceboro’, o
the bolder, presenting some difficulties, wor
was delayed upon it until 1870, on accouut
ihe difficulties of finding a good location, whe
»he eoutract was let lor these 56 miles t
Brooks, Gordon By an, ot Brock ville, Cai
ada.
The first train passed over the entire roa
from Bangor to St. John on Tuesday of lat
week.
GEN. GRANT AND LORD LISGAR.
Gen. Grant is expected to raeet Lord Lisgai
Governor-General of Canada, in this city a
about 12 o’clock to-day. Tbe train from Bos
tou with the President and his suite on boar
will stop at the depot only a few minutes t
euable tbe Governor-General to join the part}
Lord Lisgar has held his present posit'on, i
we are not mistaken, ever since the con<edei
ation of the provinces in 1867. He is bette
kuown as Sir John Young than as Lord Lit
gar, the latter title having been conferred uj
on him in 1870. The name is derived from o:
of his Estai63 in Ireland. Tbo main incidei
iu bis administration so far is fhe Winnipt
iuwiuuu vi mo suiuuici ui xoiu. W iilUlfit
was organized as a territory under the name
Mauitoho in \1aj> ♦ho* Kni; wVutn M*
Duugall was appointed Governor and attemp
ed to assume control in that new territory tl
half-breed inhabitants under Riel revoltei
How this formidable outbreak was quelled l
the prudeut measures of the Dominion auttn
lities is a matter of recent and familiar hlstor;
The Fenian raids from the United State
which have been happily nipped in the be
without impairing the triendsliip of the tv
countries, tbe agitation of the Alabama claiu
question, tbe intercolonial railroad, tbe adjus
meut of the tariff so as to do substantial ju
tice to all the provinces consolidated in tl
Dominion, and tbe improvements of tbe haul
ing system are some ©1 tbe other more impoi
ant events that have occurred since he was ai
pointed Governor-General. His administr;
tion has been remarkable for its higb-tom
statesmanship and general popularity. It
pleasant to anticipate this friendly meeting
the chief executive officers of two neighboric
countries whose in.erests are identical, aD
whose friendship has lately been ©emeDted b
the ratification of the most remarkable treat
iu modern history. Let us welcome Lard Lit
gar as well as General Grant. The meeting
auspicious aud will do something to confirt
the existing state of good teeliug between tl
United States aud the Dominion.
Fearful Recital.—A copy of the Stat
Gazette of Wisconsin, in an extra published a
Green Bay on Wednesday last, has been re
ceived. It is published on one side of tb
sheet, and after giving intormation of th
Cnicago fire gives the following particulars c
the great conflagrations in Wisconsin:
On Sunday night, about nine o’clock, fir
broke out in the soutnern part ot the Belgiai
settlement at Brussels, in Dorr county am
raged with terrific violence, destroying a’bou
180 houses and leaving nothing of a large aD.
flourishing settlement but five houses. Nin.
persons were missiDg, supposed to have perish
ed in the flames. ,Tbe names are as follows
Mrs. John B. Wendricks and three children
breu children of Josenh Dandnv nno /.him
Joseph Munfils and a young mau hy the nami
of Maurice Delereaux. On Monday morou'i
200 people breakfasted on four loaves of bread
Houseless and homeless they camped on lb.
laud, and seemed to be struck dumb with thei
great losses. Their houseB, barns, iroplemeut
ot (arming, house furniture and cattle haw
been burned and destroyed. The roads an
filled with carcasses of horses,cattle, sheep am
hogs, suffocated hy smoke and heat. William
son’s mills are reported burned, Scbolfield’
new mill in Brussels was burned, and filty-fou
persons are reported burned. Our iuforman
reports the most pitiable stare of thing
throughout districts devasted hy the fire, am
hunger aod staivatiou staring the wretchei
inhabitants in the face. The inhabitants dur
mg the conflagration only saved their lives bi
throwing themselves on the ground and coyer
mg their heads. They had no warning ot thi
approach of the fire, except the ringing of thi
church bell a few minutes in advance. Thei
suddenly a great fire came down on them from
the woods, roarmg like a cataract, and thei
hail no time to save anything. The heavem
were all ablaze, and the earth also seemed or
tire. Tills report was given us by the clerk o
DucheteaH Brother, John F. Herllgnau iusi
arrived irom the settlement. Williamson’i
null at .Sturgeon Bay, burned; fifty five livei
lost; no particulars.
Siate INews.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal says a woman employ
ed in the Bates Mills hid her hair caught in
the machinery Saturday and bad a section of
the scalp of her head taken off. The wouod
was dressed by Dr. Ricker.
The Journal says the breaks in Greene on
the Lewiston Division, and those in Lisbon on
til, Audroscoggin Division, Sre so far repairdH
that trams run as usual on Monday.
HANCOCK COUNTY.
It 18 stated that the Governor and Council
auririg their present session have given a hear
snG nVwh.’ch buu" in Ellsworth, the re
Sheriff Oo2itwWri 10 Kive ,1,e election of
H 'nrock conntv't “i1 Commissioner of
offices iustpad‘f DemocStrUDliCa,D ■'°r lhose
contend they have beenElected'“it'S'**’ W-°
evidence that the votes throw). U aPP«ais m
Ellsworth Wards is illegal and beinS116 °f lhf
out, as they will be by the Gove.norfndcSun
cil, changes the result so far as to give the
fiees mentioned to the Republicans bv a snm i
majority.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
Mr. Geo. L. Farham of Lewiston, has been
fleeted teacher ot the High School in Augus
ta, to t ike the place of Mr. W. H. Lambert
resigned.
A flock of sdeep belonging to Mr. Alfred
Davenport of Chelsea, was attacked on Friday
>y ;1 couple of ravenous dogs. Two of tb3
beep were killsd outright, their .fains being
itripped °ff and the poor creatures left half
lead and mangled by the way.
tiluilieiw: 0< Poison was found in the
3a“tUer0tadmin‘Tea°-f Mar8bal SiPb^«, of
revengeful rumsohe^’ 8818 ttKlU«bt> st,m«
Tha t„„ i. LtNCOLN county.
c ers Institute, heretofore adver
tised to be held at North Village, Jefferson,
has been postponed from Oct. 30tb to Nov.fi.h.
A large gatberiug is expected.
OXFORD COUNTY.
James Clemens, says the Oxford Register, is
supposed to have been drowned in the Saco
near Great Falls, iu Hiram, on the evening of
October 2d. A man who was riding behind
heard the fatal splash of the team as it went
over the hank and the cry ol Clemens. Hart
ford rode to the village, got a party and return
ed to find Clemens. Found the horse aud
wagon, but the man has Dot yet been found.
There are suspicions of foul pla.v—that Clem
ens run away, but there is no foundation tor
the supposition. No proper search has been
made lor the man.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
Anthony Murray, about 18 years of age, who
has just been released lrom State Piison, wheie
he has been serving a term of two years for
hreakicglaud entering a store in Baugor, was
again arrested is Baugor Saturday afternoon
for breaking into the cabin of a vessel and
stealing some clothing.
At flood tide, at Bangor, od Sunday, both
stream and river were higher than at auy lime
since last spring’s freshet. Tlis water was srv
eiai inches over the wharves, aud up to within
a narrow space of the lower chords of the rail
road br'dge. Considerable damage was done
to vessels lying in the river. Schooner Ever
glade of Boston, was jammed clear ou top of
the wbart aud badly stove, twisted aud s'raiu
ed; schooners L. M. Slrout and L. D. Went
worth of Baugor both bad rails and bulwarks
smashed, while a .ozen other craft weie dam
aged more or less iu bulls and rigging, many
losicg boats or having them stove.
PISCATAQUIS COUNTY
Thomas W Billings of Brownville. lately
set a sleel trail ne ir Katabdin Iron Works tor
bears, aud on visiting it the other day tound a
400 lb. caribou bad “put his foot iu it”—or rath
er one half of his hoof—and was a prisonoi,
though he had dragged the heavy trap and
clog a long distance. I'Ue caribou showed fight
but was soon dispatched by Mr. Billings, who
“packed” the best ol the meat to the hotel.
SAGADAHOC COUNTY.
Gov. Perham bad a handsome reception at
the home of Wildes P. Walker, esq., in Tops
ham, on Friday evening.
The coal that was stored in the emery mill at
Bath, took fire .Friday eveuiDg, requiriog the
work of a steamer lor some time 10 watering
the bed.
A subscriber writes that he saw at the Saga
dahoek County Fair in Topsliam, last week, a
pair of two year old steers entered by I-aiab
Jordan ot Brunswick, but belonging to bis son
Frank, a lad of seven years, who had them iu
charge, that girted fi feet and 7 inches and
weighed 2540 lbs. The boy’s steers must have
tsalron I Ho fsri<7a ami 80 StiOlild thtt bOV.
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
The Eastport Sentinel says that William Col
lins, who was found guilty of stealing a sum ol
money from Martiu Bradisb’s store in East
port, a short while ago, and was bound ovei
tor the October term of court, has been sen
tenced to two years in the Stare Prison. Tht
thiee boys who broke into E. F. Webster
store, Sweeney, Pender and Mulbolland, wen
sent to the Reform School uu»il they were 21
years of age.
The Madras Republican in alluding to a dis
course delivered in that city, says: “No ou<
i can properly appreciate his discourse, who die
not hear him.M So we should presume.
YORK COUNTy.
I The grocery store of Messrs. Ireland Swea
l iu Kittery, was partially destroyed by lire las
Saturday night. Loss about $5000. Xousurei
tor $3500. The buildiog belonged to O. Cutt
and M. W. Paul, and was damaged ro tb
amount ol about $1000. The fire was the worl
r ot an incendiary, and a woman is suspected
and was placed under guard on Sunday.
SPECIAL NOTICES^
ji ~T77 __
Liverpool London Glob
Insurance tompany
5 New Yokk, Oct. 12th, 1871.
7 Gen. Win. Gordon, General Agent, Boston
1 BP*Our Chicago Losses probably under two-and
1 half Million Dollars.
3 The Directors in New York are authorized to dra1
r ou London for their Chicceo losses.
ALFRED PELL, Resident Manager.
3
i The ASSETS of the Company, alter paying the
I Chicago looses, will exceed 18,000,000 dollars
HEATH A DREW, Agent..
3 snoct27-2t 12 CAHoON BLOCK, Portland.
Portland adets,
All members are requested to meet at the Annoi
1 for drill on every night, in order to perform esto
duty to the President next Friday. The presence
all is desired, as every uni orm mnst be filled.
Per order, JOHN ANDERSON, Capf.
t sn-octl7-3t H. A. MERRILL, Sec.
not i c i<:.

All Parties wishing to visit Chicago, to see tl
ruins of the Great Conflagration, or otherwis
should call al G and Truck Ticket Office, opposil
Preble House, where tickets can be had at lowe
r rates.
ocl7tr fell D. H. BLANCHARD. Agt.
e October lfi, 1871.
t Thsiewillbea special meeting ol the Portlai
Army Navy Union, at their Hall, on Tuesdi
s Rvening, 17th inst, at 7 30. to act on invitation
8 City Government, to <lo escort duty to Preside!
Grant. A full attendance desired. By Older
I- 'I Uiiumwwu, nrjH ,0C(ji Ul J I P
l DR. E. F. GARVIN’S
j Tar Remedies,
-FOB
Coughs, Colds and Luug Disease!
B> For tale at "Wholesale, by
F. PHII.I.IPS CIO Druggists,
0Ctl3su2w» No. 46 Middle Street, Portland. M
THE
e ADJUSTABLE SPRING BEI
THE BEST
....AND....
d Cheapest in the Worli
18 MANUFACTURED BY
Thos. P. Beals Co,
d MARKET NTREET.
y This Bed is pronouuc d by all at* who have used
to be superior to an. other ever offered to the paid
Y The Manufacturers make the vffer to guar anti
periect satistaciion to ever* purchaser of this ariicl
s Also Manufacturers of
l Chamber Sets
And Dealers in nil kinds of
F IT K Ts” ITUKE
9 ocl3 tf
A. M. McKENNEY,
5 THE WELL KNOWN
Photographic Artist
Has fitted up tbu
Best rh< tographic Roo
I in the State, and turmsbtd ♦bem in the most fast
iotiable and elegant style, where be will make all fli
l styles of the art as well as can be done in t he S at<
He has secuied the services ol ihe celebrated l#hc
_ tographer
B. F. SMI CH.
J Mr. Smith would be pleased to have the patronag
ol his old n iends.
He returns his tbarks to the public for their pas
r patronage ana hopes lor the continuance ol the sain
at ilia new place.
161. Middle street, Portland, Me.
oct 16sndlw&v4w42
ON MARRIAGE.
I Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EYIL1
and ABUSES, which interfere with MARR1A3E
with sure means ot re’iel tor the Erring and Unlor
j tunate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
ARI) ASSOCIATION, Nb. 2, 8. Ninth St., Pbiladel
Pliia. Pa.
Batchelors Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dve is the best in ihe world—per
feetly harmless. reliable and ins amaneous; no dis
i apoimment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor
1 he genuine Wm, A. Batchelor's PIair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Nitura
Drown, leaves the hair clean, solt, beautittn; doei
not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Sold by all Druggists.
Fac»\, 16 BOND SrREET.fN. Y
1>11 SN D&W 1Y
Mot ice,
The Ladies from all the different Parishes in tin
city are Invited to meet on Thursday afternoon, 19tt
inst., at 2 o'clock P. M., at the Common Council
Room, City Building, to prepare clothing lor the suf
ftrers by the Chicago fire.
Any materitls for under clothing or mouey will be
received by the Committee, who may be found at the
room from 9 A. M. to 10 P. M. on that day.
_____ Per Order of Mayor.
Chicago Relief Fund.
Subscriptions for tbe sufferers can be left with
either of tbe Canvassing Committee, the Executive
Committee, the Mayor or Bon. S E. Spring, Treas
urer of the Relief Fund.
Clothing may be left with Charles Clark, Esq., City
Marshal. octl4 n3t
8 PER CENT.
OF OCR SALES ON
Friday, Mafnrday, iUondny. and Tuesday,
©ci. 13,14,10 A 17,
Will be donated to tbe
Chicago Sufferers
8y*Goods at 1 iwest market price.
COVELL VA fiPEY, Dry Goods and Wool
mis, cor. Congress and Brown sts. oel3d4t is
Stock Stand for Sale
«T*s5~«ywi awas-
out my Sol Clie*P<!r ,h“ CVt!r u,llil 1 close
dhip Timber. Plank. Npnr., Knee., ».ek
®nd Treenails.
Also 30.000 Ced tr R R. Sleepers, extra siz<»
For particulars call on JL. TAYLO (S*
sept 19 sntl 17tt Commercial st.
The Steamer Emperor
Will Not Leave Portland for Yar
mouth until further notice.
oct 9-mtf
SPEC] AlJN OT1CES.
To Investors.
F I ltH T
Mortgage Bonds
Principal and lutrrrM Payable iu
GOLD COIN,
Free trom Government Tax
The sub eribers offer lor Investment anil confident
ly reoou:menil the tullowing described securllies:
SIX PER OT. GOLD BONDS
ISSUED BY THE
Portland Ogdensburg R, R. Co.,
Due iu 1900.
Interest payable in GOLD' COIN iu Boston,
January ami July,
Free from Government Tax!
These are Coupon Bonds issued in denominations
ot $tCO<l*nd $‘0<V and secured by the fi.stand
only mortgage of tbe entire property und
Franchise- el <he Uompauv covering tdxtv mips
ot road now completed aud iu operation, trom
Portlauii to the vvhi e viouiitTins at North onway
'I he paid up subscriptions to tbe Capital Stock
amount to $i.v'0«,.000. Tlie road is built in tbe most
thorough manner; the principal bridges are
ofiroiita'Ml tie mperftruoture and eqaipmeut
first class in «very respect. The bus ness al
ready developed exceed* the expectation* of
the projectors ol ihe ri»ao. and the net earning*
are mo*c than sufficient to pay the interest on
its unusually small Bonded Debt.
SIX FER OITgOLD BONDS
Being a Joint First Mortgage
OF
Three New England
Railroads
STYLED THE
Vermont Division
-OF THE
Portland &Ogdensburg Trunk
Railroad Line.
Twenty Years to Run.
Interest payable in GOLD COIN, ;n BOSTON
May* and November,
Free Irom Government Tax.
Tbese railroads, substantially under one man
agement, are being rapidly constructed iu the
most thorough and economical manner un
der the >uoervisiou ot the most eminent and practi
cal busioes-* men ot Northern Vermont, the ca«h
Mock Hubscriptionft being sufficient to pre
pare the road for the iron. The local busi
i ness already created along tli- line is amp y
1 sufficient for all its luuniug Expenses and
the Interest on its Bonded Debt. The road
passes through the garden of Vermont, and is
to connect by a branch already begun with Burling
ton, on Lake Champlain, the most important
distributing point in Northern New England.
The bonds reissued, for the convenience of invest
ors, in denominations ot $1000, $500, $100, both regis
tered and cou(.ton, have been committed for sale t
the wid* ly known house ot E. T. FAIR
BANKS At CO., St Johusbury, who with their
branch houses,
FAIRBANKS CO., New York,
FAIRBANKS, BROWN A: CO., BoMon
FAIRBANKS&EH IN©. Philadelphia
e are the fluancial agents of the joint companies and
give these securities tbeii their unqualified en
dorsement*
The subscribers in presenting these Bonds to in
vestor in this community, are confident that no
argument is necessHry to show the present and
prospect ve value to the Stare ot Maine of this
Trunk Line of Railroad, connecting the un
equalled harbor of Portland with the Lake
system of the West by t.l»e shortest possible
line and constituting the most available and
economical route tor Wo-tern product >eekmjra
European market. Its immense through
3 traffic can nor he wel'over estimated and a most
‘t prospe-ous local business is already secured.
>t it mustaiwavs be the great pleasure thorough
fare of the Eastern Susies, eonueenng one *oute,
tlK sea const of Maiue with Lake Sebago. the
White Mount**ins, Lakes Memphreu agog
and Willoughby, Mt. Mansfield, Lake
t hamplain, Lake George, Saratoga anti
the If udsou. These roa Is are built ov New Eng
land men with New England Capital, and
wid oe under New England Managers, who
live in the communities through which tuey run, and
e whose management of their own affairs warrants the
7 u Mu*, confidence in iheir integrity and business
ability.
it Price at present 90 and neerned interest
in Currcucy.
For further inioimation, pamphlets, &c, apply to
d J. B. BROWN SONS,
l’ORTLAND, ME.,
it General Agents of the Portland Ogdens.
burg ftftailrA»*i *»*-ti
•ur me sale of the joint Bonds of the
n Vermont Division.
dgg^For sale bv all leading Bankers and Brokers.
_ aug 15 sn 2aw Tu& Sa
Sterling Exchange,
i,
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of London,
AND THE
Prov ucial Bank of Ireland
And all its Branches.
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN SONS,
1/ jel3-sntt_ 97 Exchange St.
GOLD DUST
it AI1 lover, ot CHOICE FLOUR should inquire
o for this CELEBRATED BRAND. ee|i5d2mo is
f They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA S T >BE.
Fluent Block,
sep27-sneodtf Exchange st.
TV O T I C E
rpHE C;gar store that waa advertised for sale at 22S
A Congress street, hasremovtd back to the old
stand on Exchange street, where I will still manu
iadure the choicest brands of Cigars. I will invite
all my customers and trieuds iu general to call and
f examine my goods and get posted on tin* prices. I
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and flne brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
I want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. E. PuNCE. No. 80 Exchange St.
yl-tf
e The Security Boor Check,
Is an article of honest utility If meets a want hith
erto umupb’ied, and is approved by eminent citi
zens and the press. It is h*Ddsome bronze orna
ment. It is so small thfct it i« never in ihe w,*y, ard
3 may be carried by lady or gentleman when trave'ing.
It is neat, simple, light, strong, useiul, ornamental.
Cheap.
3 Everybody nee^s it: Call a*'d s^e it. 29 Market
Square. NUTTER BROTHERS Co..
oc6dlwsn Portland.
LITTLE THINGS.
All that the eve can see:
Each, by l«s kindred atoms staid,
Keeps all things where they be.
The “little dropb*' the Ocean make,
W Rich each to each adheres,
Si Ships across Its bosom lake
Their different spheres.
The ‘‘Little Boys'* who need new ‘‘Clothes,"
Can always find at G ORGE FENNO’S,
Coat, Pants, Vest. Hat and Shoes complete,
Corner ot Beach and Washington Street. Boston.
.___OClJ-SlllW
ANDREW MLLNJX
dealer in
Kitchen Furnishing Goods,
Has tne celebra'ed
Walker Range,
Hot Closet and Patent Side Shell, a new and nnve
invention, the o,dy Kange£ the «ar/etW
Walker’s Furnaces!
Brick or Portable,
The Best FURNACE to he Had.
Also an assortment ol
Parlor. Office and Cooking Stoves
Can be found at
109 Federal street.
ed to see his friends and all oihers at °U d 1)8 P*ea&
109 Federal street.
oc7-sniw t eodlw
English, American an.l Belai»„
'"i« nnd Imii,,,*;"'
Double Barrel Shot Guns l
.o^aneeWve?:IU9treCei,e<,’W b° at prices
L.. BAILEV, 4M EXCHAtVBE ST
gysign ol ibe uolden Rifle. oc 10 eod
Aa Authentic History
or the War between Berman, end France
with Biographies ol the principal actors therein. Al
so an account ot the Civil War and Heign ol
Terror in Paris. Over 800 pages, ami 1B0
tradons. Sold only by subscription. ATWELL
Agent tor Portland. aul'Jeodtl sx
SPECIAL NOTICES.____
GENERAL AGENCY
Fireman’s Fund Insurance Co.;
f
Of San Francisco, Cal.,
I*o. 114 Broadway, N. Y. Oity.
October 13(A, 1871.
I,, S. TWOMBLl, Agent.
Dear Sir t
Official telegrams have been received from the Fireman’s
Fund Ins. Co., ot Han Francisco, Oal., informing us that the Company is
ALL MIGHT, and will pay all losses promptly.
“Go ahead and crowd business. California Gold backs you to the amount of Millions."
The Individual Liability ot Stockholders is a feature In California Insurance Companies which
now demonstrates the wisdom of the law-makers ot that State.
Skeels, Bowkks Boughton, Managers.
TI1K
IMPERIAL AND LORILLARD
Insurance Companies,
Are All Right and Sound as a Nut.
The Imperial withdrew from the State of Illinois two years since. The surplus of the other
two companies more than pay their Losses in Chicago.
L. S. T WOMBLY, Agent, 30 Exchange st.
o F F I C K OF T II F
Norwich Fire Insurance Comp’y,
Norwich, Conn., Oct. 13th, 1871.
From the information which we now have, as to our liability for the recent fire in Chicago,
this Company expects to pay all their losses as heretofore. This information, however, is
somewhat indefinite, and we therefore prefer not to write or renew any risk until further ad
vised. You will return no premium on cancelled policies.
I therefore advise all persons holding policies in the Norwich to change their insurance to
some other Company. The Companies named above afford undoubted security.
L. S. TWOMBLl, Agent.
30 Exchange Street.
October 17.
SAFE INSURANCE.
Assets since the Chicago Fire as follows:
Royal Ins. Co. of Liverpool,
$9,000,000
Franklin Ins.Co. Philadelphia,
$3,000,000
Washington Ins. Co. New York
$$50,000
CALL ON
ROLLINS tfe AOA3IS,
No. 1 Exchange Street.
TO THE LADIES
01 Portland and vicinity we would announce that we are now receiving our FALL and WINTER
Stock of French Millinery Goods.
CONSISTING OB'
Silks, Ribbons, Velvets,
French Flowers, Feathers, and
Ornaments.
FRENCH AND ENGLISH ROUND HATS,
1STew Style Bonnets, &c. &c.
To which we respectfully invite your attention, j
Mrs. W. L. SNELL,
337 CONGRESS STREET.
Ben21snlm
L.EA PERRIN’S SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It improves appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
aled tor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs LEA PERRIN*' ti
prosecute all parties making or vending counterfeits
JOHN DUNCAN’* WON*,
aug!2sn6m Agents, New Yoik.
Dr. Bicknell’s Syrup,
For the cure ot Bowel or Summer complaints, acti
like magic upon Dysentery, oianhcea, Cholera Mor'
bus, Colic, Ciamp, Sick or Sour St««maih, Dyspep
sia, <£c, givirg immediate relief. *ree irotn opiate
and uever produces costiveness. Designed tor chil
dren as well as grown petsons. Sold by ait dealeri
in m**d cine. Please give i< a trial. Prepared onlj
by Edward Su.tcn, ot Providence, K. I. jyl9*i 3w
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded waiehouses on
Brown’s Whart, and Merchants Whart, and in Port
land Sugar Co’s buildings York Dantorth and Com
mer< ial Streets.*
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN <Kr SONS,
jylBsn 97 Exchange Street,
8. B. GOWELL,
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entile
stock ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great barga ns, and will continue the sales only
until be sells his b .use. (See advertisement by Geo.
R. Davis tf (Jo.) Now is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
tSJT' Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntt
Procure T ickets
W. D. Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TIuKET AGENCY
Travelers for California
anil the WeM, Wooth and Northwest, may ob
tain through Tieueti, by the b«M and mo l
reliable route« from Pt/ri, ai d. or r> istun, or
New York, to anv p< int desired at the lowni
inicH at the old and reliable: Union Picket Agency,
ir, d. IjIti le co.,
Office 49 l>‘i Ezchaugr *C,
®y*Reliable information cheerfully furnished at
ail times. au2Gd it sn
GRAHAM FLODR
or A SUPERIOR QU tUlTY
Fresh from (he mill. Also the celebrated
‘‘HOSTELS,”
And Other Ohoioe Brands.
MIAW, HAnmilND Sc CARNEY.
uc9 U3m
Portland Observatory.
NTO Stranger should leave the ity w thout visit
ing the Observatory on Munjoy's Hill. From
1 lie cupola 2a7 fe above the may be seen ihe
entire CPy, the Ocean to the honxnn. Cairo B y
with its 365 Islands I be White ITIouiitaiiis 80
mihs distant, and with the powerful Telescope
mounted iu the cupola objects .30 miles uisiantin
every direction may he obtinctly seen. The views
h/re are saui to be unsurpassed tar beauty and va
riety by any in the world. Corgress street ears pass
very la minutes. SN jy22 3m
EXCHANGE
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
-AND

Reiuly for Immediate Delivery!
IN SUMSITOJSUIT!
WM. E. WOOD,
6*7 Exchange St.
Agent for Henry Clew* &r Co., If., V.
June 2.7-tI sh j
COA\L $8.30.
Broken for
Boilers—Furnaces—Store Stoves—
‘Salomon ders”—or in fact any pur
pose wtiero a large sized and strong
coal is desired or required—oftere d
at the above price,which is certain
ly low, considering tne present
phase* ot the coal Market.
jos. b;, book sc bro.
Klantt
0 PER CENT.
First Mortgage
BONDS,
—-OF THE
Leeds Farmington R.R. Co.,
Principal and iute»eiit guaranteed by the
Maine Central Railroad Co.,
FOK 8 ALB BY
If. M, PAYSOI,
39 Fxcbange st., Portland.
aug‘22 sn
REMOVAL!
-AND
REOPENING
-OF THE
Old Post Office
On an entirely new plan.
This office wil' open for the delivery ot
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
Crockery House Furnishing Goods
Ot every name and kind, on or about the
SOth of* Sept. 1S71.
Persons calling tor anything in our stock will
please leave ihek name, street and number and ail
will be delivered iree by one ot'our numerous c»r
riers. Office open trom 7 A M., to 9 P M., Sun
days excepttd.
Hooper, Eaton Co.
P. S. Entrance trom Exchange, Federal or Mar
ket sts. sepl8
DB. ING4LLS,
Scientific Physician.
HiMls the sick npon the principle ot the late Dr. P P
Quimby’s practice.
Office 30 Temple St.
Office hours from 8 a m.. to 12 m., and trom 1 to 5
p. m. sep30sn*3w
FOR SALE J
T11E new two rtory French roof house, just fin
ished, n Ousbman st.; hou<*e piped t.»r Sebago,
and all the modern improvements. Enquire ou the
premises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. TENNEY.
sepSdct sn
MAR R IED
Tn this city, Oct 15. by Rev. A K. P. Small. New
ell M. Ricker. 01 Portland, and Jennie K. True, of
Freeport.
In Biddeford, Sept 27, J. W. Libby, of Greene,
and Miss K. V. Burnham of Wayne.
In Amity, Oct. 1, William L. Dakin and Cynthia
D Daki.u.
DIED.
In this city, Oct 15, Mrs. Mary E. Libby, wifeot
Capt. Thos. 1/ Libby, aged 44 Years6 months.
[Funeral this {Tuesday) atternoon, at 3 o'clock,
at No. 14 Lincoln street. Relatives and friends are
Inviied 10 attend.
In this city, Oct. 15. Charles W infant son of Da
vid H. and Annie M. Bennett aged 11 months 2 da s
In Deering Oct. 16, George D., son 01 David and
M. Emma Marston aged 3 yeirs 1 month 13 days.
[Funeral on Wednesday a'ternooti, at 2 o'clock,
at their residence, ou Mechauic street, Woodiord’s
Corner.
DEPARTURE OF OCEAN STEAMERS
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
H ammonia.New York. .Hamburg.Oct 17
tdabo.New York.. Liverpool.Oet 18
Luba.New York. .Liverpool.Oct 18
lolumum .New lork Havana .Oct 19
Citj ot raltimore. .New York..Liverpool.Oct 19
Hibernian .Quebec .....Liverpool.Oct 21
Caledonia.New York. Glasgow.Oct ?1
Pereire.New York..Havre.Oct21
Mernmac.New York. .Rio Janeiro.. .Oct 23
Cleopatta.New York.. Havana .*,.Oct24
St David.Quebec.Glasgow.Oct 26
Missouri.New York..Havana.OcI 26
Moravian.Quebec.Liverpool.Oct 28
Min min re Alnassc.. .Oetwhor 17
Sun Sets.b.IB I High water. 1.30 PM
HA-UIISTR news. I N
fllKTOkHORTLlNB.
Muudny. Ocl. 16. I O
ARRIVED.
2tES*S*£V£*' ,or K..U
York—
Si’ll Learl, Smith, New York—coal to Ron? Stur- I
ivant.
Soli Nra Gilley. Lon). Cranberry Isles. I x
Sch Ocean wavs, Smith. Kocklann. I X
CLEARED.
Steamer Dirlgo, Johnson, New York—Henry 1
°Barquo Henry P Lord. Pin^bam, Phlladejphia.
Brig Geo Hariis Blanchard, Stockton.
Sch Phenix Thompson, Boston—Chas Srwyer. I
A Steam Fog Whistle has been established at Mon
eean Light Siaiion. lo take the place ol the Fo«- 1
rumpet heretoiore sounded It will
er minute, with ail inleryal between each blast ol I
ight seconds.
MEMORANDA.
Sch Danl Breed, irnro Bangor tor Boston, [^turned
o BucKf-port two weeks ago vith loss ot bowjpr^ I
md head gear, and bows badly stove, havi» g be<*D n* I 1
ollision. fTMs is reported to be the vessel wmeo I
un into and Mink the dell Boat, recently placed in
hat vicinby 1 _ I
Barque Lucy A Niebol9, from Beaufort, NC, tor I
ondon, which put Into Fayal Sept 4th leaky, has I
>een condemned.
DOMESTIC PORTS. C
NEW ORLEANS— 4r 9th, ship Kendrick flub, A
Watts, Boston. niII
ar iOtb. ships Alexander, Taibox, Cardltt; Dw j
Chapman. Miller, Boston; brig Sarah Emma, Car- I
:er, Rio Janeiro.
Ar at SW Pass 10th, Samuel Carlton, Freeman, lm j
New York. I
JACKSONVILLE—Ar 9th, sch M W Drew, Per- I
ry, Camden
Clu 9tti. seb Beta, Brown, Boston.
RICHMOND—uld 13th, brig Tolu, Reed, for Rio
Grande. I r
Ar lJth, sch Bertha Souder, Wooster, Windsor, NS I
ALEXANDRIA—Ar loth inst.sch Carrie Melvin I
Waits. Boston, (and sailed on return.)
PHILADELPHIA—Ar ltith, brig Minnie Millei, I
irom Portland. I
NEW kOKK—Ar I3tb, shipJuventa Holmes, lm I
Bombay, sell Eureka, Wallace. Jacksonville.
Ar i4th, ship C Grinnell, O.iffln, London; rcb* O I
M <V1 arrett, Boynton, Para; Kurcki, Wallace, Jack- I s
sonville 9 days; Kaluier, Lamliert, do 10 <is; Jachin, I
Kane, Ellsworth t. r New York; Eva M Lewis, Lew I
is, Portland; Jas lilden, Knowles, do. I
Cld 14ih, bat'iuts E a Kennedy, llotfses Havre; I
J S Winslow, Dav a Antwerp; brig L Staples, Stow I
ers, Cadiz, sch Azeida Laura Mcludoe, baracoa.
Ar Itiih, ship Golden thud, Hatch, lm Manila, brig I
Emma, Nelson, Algoa Bay. CUH.
Passed through Hell Gate 14th, barque E White. I
Mahoney, New York lor Portland, sens Ringdove I
Swain, tm Weehawken lor Boston; Olive Hayward. I
Arev, New York lor Portland, Winner, Nash, Port I
Johnson lor Boston.
NEW HAVEN—Cld 13th, sch Clara Sawyer, lor I
Savauuah.
PKOV1DENCE—Ar 14th, sch Clara Smith, Keen, I
Pensacola. I
NEWPORT—Sailed 13th, sch H Prescott, Merri- I
man. Mattapoi-ett lor New Yora; Kale Graui, Oram I
B.itigor tor New Haven; Harper, Gott, Providence I
for New York, Louier Newton, Gtay. do lor do. ivi I
McCann. Cavanaugh, New Bedford lor do, Win I
Peun. Wiley, Catats lor do; Mindoro, Had.ey, do lor I
New liaven; Peacedaie, Baker, Fall River lor Nev I
York; Franklin, Brewster, and Nellie Ti eat, Dorr, I
nanklin lor do; W'm reno, Wiley, and Terrapin I
Wooster, Calais ioi do; Loduskia. Means, Baugor lot I
Westport; S L Burns, Crosby, lm St George lor New I
York, Senator Grimes, Phil brook, lm Providence lot I
Philadelphia, Lyra, Pickering, lm do tor New Yota I
eris, Vinalhaven lor do; Mary Louise, Simpson, Port
lanu lor do; Lila Brown, Robinson, St Jonn, NB, loi
Philadelphia.
NEW BEDFORD—Sid 14th, sch Addie L Perkins,
Thompson, Bangor.
BUS'iON—Ar »4th. ship Pocahontas, Dreyer Glas
gow. barques Mary M Bird. Packard. Montevideo,
Volunteer, Field, Wilmington; fcchs W B Darling,
Bunker, Albauy; Geo W Sno*, Snow, im Macbia>
Oriental, Coombs, Bangor; Albus, Cilley, irom Bath
Lookout, Thompson, Poitland.
Old 14tb, brig R S Hassei, Hodgdon, Wilmington;
scha Eureka, Mayo, Norfolk; Yankee, Lewis, Ban
gor.
Ar 15th. ship Montana, Balch, Calcutta; barqut
Nonantutn Norton. Calcutta; brigs Jessie Rliyira-,
Hail Mii\.goaue Geo Gilchrist, Claik, Georgetown;
Sullivan, Higgins, Baltimore; scbs Mahaska, Picket
Elizabethpurt; U Tucker. Curds, New York.
Ar loth, scbs Hanme Westbrook, Li.tiqjohn, Eli*
zabethport, Mayflower, Biown, mtlibndge. 4
Cid 16th, sch Kate Carlton, Bowers, St Michaels via
Rockport. Me.
sAlEU—Ar 14th, sch Enterprise, Leighton, from
Milibnlge tor Providence.
BEVERLY—Ar 10th, sch S D Hart, Burgess, from
Rondout.
LYNN—Arlltb, sch Chase, Ingraham. Kondout
12th, M E Pears in, Pendleton, Bangor; John, Kel
ley, and Chronometer, Waits, palais, Don worth,
Drew. Machais.
NEW BURY PORT—Ar 13th, sch Alpine, Elliott,
Miilbr dge.
Sid 14ib, scbs Jeddle, Turner, Lubec; Minnesota.
Rogers, Bangor.
FOREIGN PORTS
Ar at Melbourne Aug 10, ship Agra, Miller, New
York; 19tb, barque cbasca. Crockett, Boston
At Whampoa Aug 17, barque Pekin, Seymour, to
New Yorn. idg.
At Manila Augl4, ship Sooloo, Hutchinson, lor
Boston. and others.
Sid im Singapore Aug 26, ship Peruvian, Thomp
son, Boston via Java.
Lu port Aug 26, ship Anahuac, Span ding, tot
Bong Kong.
At Calcutta 2d ult, ship Alice Vennara, Humphry,
loi Dundee.
At Cadiz 25th ult, barque Tremont, Giles, lor Glou
cester next day.
S.d tm Hamburg 27th ult., ship Thos Lord. Day, lor
America.
Ar at Queenstown 20th ult, ship Valley Forge, Em
erson, Mtji'loneS.
Ar at Honolulu 4th ult, barque Goodell, Crockett.
San Francisco.
Sid Aug 29th, ship Messenger, Hill, Baker’s Isla.
At t.allao 22d ult, barque Vidette, Merritt, for San
Francisco.
At Barbadoes 25th ult, sch Wni F Cushing, iron.
Philadelphia, ar 33d, disg; Palos, Shackford, im Nor
colk, ar 19th disg. _
a r at Falmouth, J a, 30th nit, brig Pedro, Bahrs,
New Yrork.
At O d Harbor, Ja, 30th ult, brig Madonna, Jor
dan, tor New York 3 days.
At wi&tanzas 8ih inst. brig Shamrock, tor NYork,
with 600 bbds sugar a $lj and boxes at I j.
At Sagua 4th inst, barque Daring, McDonald, lot
Baltimore; sib Hattie Ross, Ulrica, lor Bus.ou, and
others.
c»d at Musquash. NO. 4ili lust, ach Sarah Bernice
Pioctov, New York, 5th Calvin. Clark, do.
Ar at St John, NB, lOtu inst, scbs E F Williams
Pitt, Portland, 11th, Evelyn, Crowley, Addison.
(Per City ol Baltimore, at New York.l
Ar at London 2d inst, J Bradley, Nichols, Im New
York.
Passed Start Point 29th, G Strickland. Strickland,
Shields tor New Orleans; Lizzie Pennell. Mahone),
New York lor Antwerp.
Sid im Newport 2»th. I task a, Rush, Yokohama.
Sid tm Pet laibot 30tn, Ellen Dyer, Leland, loi
Now Orleans
Sid tm Hartlepool 30th, Carrie Bertha, Mareters,
Boston.
I Cid at Newcastle 30th, Marcia Greenleat, Chase.
New Bedford.
Ar at Queenstown 1st, Pacto’us, Smith, tm Iloilo.
Vai.ey Forge, Emerson, Callao, (and sailed 3d icr
Liverpool.)
Ar at Trieste 27th ult, Marathon, Donnell, Rich
mond.
Ar at Palermo 18th ult M A Herrara, French, tm
Licata (inn sld 20th lor Bo ton.)
Ar at Marseilles 29th ult, Sandusky, Norton. New
Orleans.
Ar at Cadiz 26tb ult, Ciarabellc. Tracey. Opcrto.
Sid im Lisbon 26th ult, Alice Starrett, Hooper, tor
Malaga.
Sl.i Ira Oporto 23d, Shasta. Brown. Malaga.
Ar at Denia2'd ult. Key tone B-irter, Valen ia.
Ar at Bordeaux 28th uk, Carrie Wyman, Cocbian,
Stetin.
Sid im Havre 29th, Mavflower. Call, Savannah.
Ar at Bremerbaven 27th ult, Bertha, Humphrey,
Akyab.
Slu iin Antwerp 29th ult, Hawthorn, Williams, tor
Savannah.
Cid at Rotterdam 29lh ult, Mont Blanc, Herbert,
for Savuunab.
Sid tin Hamburg 27th ult, Thos Lord, Day. United
States. 2Mb. C A Farweil. Moulton, New York.
Cid at Cronstadt 26Hx ult. Welkin, snow, N York;
Montana, Mudgetc, do.
NPOKEN.
Aug 28, lat 28 15 N. Ion 26 29 W, ship P Pendleton,
from Cardiff ior Bom cay.
Sept 26. lat 48 25, Ion 12 14, ship C B Haxeltine, tm
Liverpool tor Savannah.
Oct 3, lat 37 37, ion 79 18, barque Harvest Home,
from Mexico via Galveston tor Havre.
Oct 12, lat 41, ion 63 64, barque Homeward Bound
from New York ior Havre.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
Luring Thurston's
INSURANCE AGENCY,
To Policy Holders.
Becent reports imtuee us to advise
persons holding policies of the
Security Ins. Co. of New York,
Bi te <t heather Ins. Co. of Boston.
Providence d ashing ton Ins. Co. of
Providence,
issued at our Agency to present
them and exchange.
Whatever proreeds may result
from cancelling said policies belong
to the assured, and whenever real
ized will be paid.
W e have, to a large extent, pro
tee ed the prop rty overed by these
policies by insurance in companies
which we believe to be strong and
sale, and now pledge our best efforts
to our patrons.
LORIKO THUitvTON,
ort!7tt 48 Exchange Street,
Notice
IS HEKEB'Y GIVEN to tbe corporators named In
tbe act ot the Legislature ot Maine, approved.
Feb uary lftih, 1671, “to incorporate the Bux o.i and
Bonnyeagi Br inch Rail company, that a meeting f
s tin coi|.orators will be hoUlen at the office ot C7. E.
Weld at West Buxiou vii age,in Buxton on THURS
DAY, the secoud dav of November next, at 2 o'clock
P. M tor tbe organization of the corporat on under
said art, tor tbe choice ot t» Board o' Directors and
ail o h*r necessary officers and committees, tor de
ciding upon the i ime, pm es, and raaunej of obtain
ing subscription for sr.ock and lor making su h pro
visions as may be deemed necessary lor surveys for
and location ot the road authorized by paid act.
A K. P. LORD,
A. L. v AME,
j. w. l»nk,
Buxton, Oct. 16,1871. C. E. WELD.
Portland Ogdensbui g Railroad
Company.
Special Meeting-,
OF Stockholder, this day adloumed to MONDAY,
23*1 instant, at ten o’clock AM.
CH AS. H. FOYE, Clerk.
Portland, October 16,1871. octlTtd
Wanted.
A GOOD capable girl to do general bhuse work.
Reference required. At 36 fernery street.
octlMw*
Boy Wanted J
T3KOM ,4 to 16 years ot age, to act aa news agent
I’ on the train. Apply at on-e to
octll-St C. U. CIlISHOI.M Sc CO.
Wanted.
SITU AT ON or employment by a young man who
Is intelligent, capab1., and not »ttal(l ot work.
Good teler.nces. Inquire at ibis office. ocl7*3t
Pit Kills IP ADHIFT fllleen miles a^si
from Thateher’s lsiaud, six mackerel nets. The
owner nan learn ot the sau e, by calling on
LKWiS.CHASJC* WHITTEN,
oot!7 fustom House Wharf, Portland.
EW ADVKRTISK ukyi>
MtatrMeni after Ike I hleuR* Fire.
Ul<> >o. 175 Brcadwiiy.
GERMANIA
1ire Insurrt nee i o.,
NEW YORK, Octobor II, 1871.
('sapitsil
$500,000
Assets October 1, ’71,
$M»5,333 14
O PROPERTY OWNERS:
Inquiries concerning the standing of insur
nce Companies, alter the great lire at Clilca
are pouriug in from all sides.
We can only answer for ourselves, that the
ERMAN1A is sound beyond question,
ND AMONG THE VERY STRONGEST COMPA
IK8 IN THE LAND.
Here are the figures:
laleaaenlal 4 ondiiiou 01 Ik* Caapair,
October l.t 1871.
ASSETS.
ash on baud and in Bank, $12 120 11
ash iu hands of Agents and in course of
Transmission, 5)311 84
leal Estate, 53,87'..' OS
,oans secured by Bonds and Mort
gage, 417 40J (HI
’etnporary Loans against Collater
al Secur,ly, 11,000 00
locks owned (principally U. S. 5
20), 557,6)8100
nterest Accrued, 9 493:13
Jills Receivable, 3,5ol 13
Jncollected Piemiums, 3,085 45
Rher Property—Miscellaneous
Items, 13 921 25
61,135,332 14
L1A BIUTIES.
Losses in course of adjustment (with
out Chicago) 30 515 00
Chicago Losses (if all is goue,) 226.500 00
$357,015 iXI
Respect fully,
RUD. UAKRIUUE, President.
JOHN EDW. KAHL, Vice President.
HUGO SCHUMANN,Secretary.
New York, October, 1871.
Dow, Coffin Libby,
AGENTS,
No. 42 Exchange Kt.
Oct 17
ANDES.
First to Fay
Chicago Losses**.
Copy of Ohicsgo Dispatch,
Chicago, del. 11,1871.
To Andes Insurance Co
Andes losses will not exceed
$300,000
E. E. It YAK, Agent.
The Andes is solvent
and very strong, and
has already commenc
ed paying its Chicago
losses.
J. B. BENNETT,
President.
Oct 17dltr
UIIMION, October 11th, 1KTI.
UI an utaet n revs’
Insurance Company,
BOS CON, MAM.
Cash Capital,
#400,000
Assets,
#1.430,000
Liabilities,
(Including tbose at Cbleazn,)
#St50,000
Net Assets,
#1,180,000
IfATH’dF TtP.EHI V6, Agent.
PORTLAND, ME.
Lom in Chicago omy *129,000. oc16<l3m
HARTFORD
Fire Insurance Com’y
The old Hartford Office, notwithstanding lit h a*y
'ones at Chicago, c me* out with lt> cap t%) unlui*
oared. and as^eis amount lug to over one million
Are hundred thousand dollars.
The assets 01 the Hertford Con p »nv on tbe 1.*t of
October were 12 785,877 It is estimate*! ’hat
their looses by tbe Chicago fl e w 11 nor exceed 91,*
400,000 which leaves the Company to a comJilion
for meeting all future obligations promptly and bou
orabiy.
The Company is now prepared und**r thi« un loubt*
etl security to lake good business. There w.llbean
advance of rates but it w*ll not be excessive or sx«
rravagaut. It will be such as the public will justify
in a 90end and reliable office that intends to pay
every dollar ot lo*s.
Tbe ondeisigned is prepart’d to issne policies in
this old, safe and reliable Office.
JEttEMlAU VOffr, Agent,
NO.«} kXLUANet ST.
octmr
OFFICE OF THE
Larmar Fire Insurance Co.,
Ns. 184 Broadway* New Ysrk.
October. 12;h, 1*71.
GENT'3This Csmpany has information trom
i's Agents in Ch cago, that its losses by ihe tire will
be Und«*r Tw# Hundred I homsod Dol*
I era, leiviog Its Capital IUO.OOO. unimpaired)
and a handsome surplus besides.
The Company is prepared to pay all I s losses on
demand, as soon as tbe amounts are adjusted.
Tbe Company iesures against Fire on the most
reasonable term*.
ISAAC It. ST. JOHN,
President,
W. G. RAY, Agent,
0Ctl7 PORTLAND. USt
NOTICE.
The Howard
In8. Co. of New York,
Hereby notify tbe pub Ic that, notwithstanding their
heavy losses in Chicago, iheir
Capital Stock of $500000
la undiminisbed, and they are prepared to pay all
oiaims against the Company on pte.enlatl< n ot prop*
er prool.
Tbe company m-urea against losa by Are on It.
moat laaorable terms.
SAMUEL T. SKIDMORE, President.
HENRY" A. OAKLEV, Vice-President.
THEODORE KEELER, Sec’y.
W. G. KAY, Agent,
PORTLAND. ne1?->3t
Reliable lnsuran cj I
Phoenix Ins. Company cf
HARTFORD.
OathAiwU Oct. lit $1.730,COO
Lasses al Chios* 700 OOO
Cash Assets N.w *,<'30.000
gy Persons wanting good Insurance should bear
this old rehab'. Company in mind.
IV. D. E1TI LE Ac CO., Agents,
49 1-2 Dxthanae St.
13W-OC17