-i.be 'tOlomstti ®attp
PVDUBIIRD ETFRT MOUNIXO.
(41;Nu4T KxrKPtrnJ
i i>i*i* ye.ir, iI piild atrietly In mtvunr*
Ollu-ntite, IS CciiU per Month*
£in fttass;tttia§fbs
ESTABLISHED Jt'LT, 1770.
[8 PUBLISHED EVERT FRIDAY MORNING
At $3 per Annum,
>1 11. lIAMMVIX <fe CO., Proprietor*
NO. 411 MAIN STREET.
(IMortcstcr £lniln §pn.
CITY NEWS.
Regular meeting of Ihe city council this eve*
niti tr.
Ten shares of the Boston, Barre and Gardner
railroad stock were sold at auction hy B. W.
Abbott, Saturday, at 00.
Henre Ward Beecher lectures to-night. Eve
nin'* and season tickets can be obtained at the
bookstores.
The ladies of the Universal is t society are to
hold their first levee of the season on Friday
evenin'* of this week. Our readers will not lor
iret it.
The Grand Army post of this city attended
the funeral of J. H. Beard yesterday, lie was
a member of Co. C, 25tli Massachusetts regi
ment.
Some one, who had evidently been gazing into
a glass until a late hour, Saturday night, fell
bodily through one of the large panes in Skin
ner’s drug store as lie ambled gaily along on his
winding way home.
All persons who were awarded premiums at
the recent fernery exhibition, can obtain them
by implying at the office of Strong Rogers.
Those not called for within ten days will be con
sidered as donated to the society.
The exhibition of the great historical paint
ing of the Battle ol Gettysburg will begin on
Wednesday evening, at Horticultural ball, ar
rangements having been completed by the Grand
Army post here with Col. Batchelder, the painter
of this wonderful battle-scene.
Prof. Win. C. Richards, who is to give two
scientific lectures in the mechanics’course this
season, will also give the school children of the
city an opportunity to see the beautiful and
startling experiments, which render bis lectures
so successful and entertaining, at a matinee
Wednesday afternoon. The regular lecture will
be given Wednesday evening.
Saturday’s was the smallest day’s work done
in the municipal court lor many weeks. Two
cases of drunkenness comprised the business:
Joel R. Masc was fined $3 and costs, and Tim
othy Daily $5 and costs. Joel paid, but Timothy
will have to take his Daily bread at the county
jail until the amount is liquidated by labor.
The bogus preacher and teacher, known as
Rev. Chas. II Cutler, Walker, Smith, Seymour,
&r., was visited in iuil Saturday by a Lnvell
officer, who wants him as soon as he can be
spared from our courts. Seymour is the name
be went by in Lowell, where several patties
have a strong desire to sec more of him as soon
as possible. Cutler and Walker are names
which are of no account to him under present
circumstances.
.Some people hastened to recognize winter,
Saturday, and even yesterday, by trotting out
their skighs and jingling round the streets on
such sleighing as a few fl ikes of snow and a
lively imagination together created. But no
such haste has been displayed ill complying with
the law providing lor the making safe of slip
pery sidewalks. A head may be as readily and
thoroughly biokeu by a strip of ice a yard wide
and running across the walk, as by a mile of the
same uncertain looting The tine lor neglecting
to comply with the law is twenty dollars. The
cost of complying, twenty cents, more or less,
according to the size of the estate.
People flocked to Trinity chureh last evening,
to the praise meeting, iu numbers that filled the
house to overflowing, so that hundreds who
went were unable to get even a chance to stand
in the vestibule and hear the volume of sacred
song that filled ihc large audience noni. The
pastor, Rev. Mr Mallalieu, with the assistance
of the di. cctor of the church music, successfully
inaugurated this most commendable movement
three weeks ago, at which time Prof. Tourjec
came from Boston and directed the singing.
Lost evening there was, iu addition to the or
gan, three brass pieces from the National cornet
band and a bass viol, arranged in front of the
pulpit. The singing of familiar livinns lasted
until half-oast eight. The erroneous idea that the
church is not. strongly built is set at naught by
the test of the multitude which crowded every
available seat and standing-place la«t night.
Among the entertainments lor Wednesday
evening is the play “Merchant of Venice,” at
Music hall, with Mrs. Macrcady as Shy lock.
The dramatic critic of the Tribune thus speaks
of this actress, who has never been in our city:
“Mrs. Mieready is, we believe, the only lady
who has ever attempted to play this part, Init
her Shijlock may, all the same, be an able work.
She is a woman of ta'ent and of ample stage ex
perience. We arc told that she will use the cane
which Edmund Kean nud afterwards Charles
Kean used iu playing tais part. The relic, it is
said, was presented to her bv the latter actor in
emphatic token of his approbation of her per
formance of the Jew. Mrs. Macready will act,
between the 18th and 18th of November, at
Providence, Worcester, Bridgeport, New Haven
and Hartford.”
Special Meeting of the Worcester and
Nashua Railroad Stockholders.' —A special
meeting of the stockholders of the Worcester
and Nashua railroad company was held at Nat
ural History hall, on Saturday. The first arti
cle in the call of the meeting was “to see ii the
stockholder will authorize the directors to unite
with the Fitchburg railroad company in taking
a lease of the contemplated Lancaster railroad,
under statutes I*B7l, chapter 180.” The presi
dent, F. H. Kinnieutt, explained the location of
the road as a link in a new and desirable line
from this city to Bos too, reducing the distance
by the northern route from sixty-three to fifty
six miles, and opening railroad communications
witirscvcral important, towns.
Hon. Stephen Salisbury said he was instructed
by the directors of the road to offer Hie motion
authorizing them to make the lease, and that
this course was adopted to preserve travel to the
Worcester and Nashua road which would other
wise he diverted, and to open a new route to
Boston. The question being taken the directors
were authorized to make the lease by a unani
mous vote.
The second article was “to see if the stock
holders will accept of an act of the legislature
of Massachusetts, approved May 5, 1871, entitled
‘an act to authorize the Worcester and Nashua
railroad company to hire the road of the Nashua
and Rochester railroad company.’ Mr. Salis
bury presented an affirmative vote, which was
unanimously carried.
The third article, “to sec if the stockholders
will authorize the directors to hire or take a
lease of the contemplated Nashua and Rochester
railroad, in the state of New Hampshire, for a
term of years,” was taken up, and a vote was
unanimously passed authorizing the directors
to take sueli a lease for a period of not less than
twenty years, at six per cent on the cost of the
road, payable semi-annually. In moving the
vote, Hon. Stephen Salisbury said it is expected
that it will he found desirable to make the lease
for a much longer period than twenty years,
hut this time was set us the lowest limit.
A Heavy Joker. —A man of wonderful size
passed through this city on his way from the
west to Boston, in Bussell'S train, Saturday
night. lie was the chief topic of conversation
bycvciy one in the car, but no one seemed to
know who he was or where became Irom. Some
said he was known as the “California giant,"
and weighed seven hundred pounds; others that
he was a German, whose father was a giant also,
and whose cousin was exhibited by Bitrnum fif
teen years ago, on account of his remarkable
size. This gentleman was so tall that, in passing
through the car, he had to turn Ills head aside
to avoid the lamps, which arc placed beyond the
reach of ordinary men, as every one knows who
has seen the brakeman light them by standing
on the scat arms, and when lie sat down there
wasn’t room for even a poodle or a package of
prize pop-corn in the same seat. The curiosity
to know something in regard to him became
so general and ran so high, that a cau
cus was held in <Hic end of the car
to devise means for ascertaining his height
weight, nationality, &c.; and a young man of
acknowledged assurance and ungovernable
curiosity was delegated to tackle the giant, ob
tain the desired information, and report to the
anxious passengers. The interviewer according-
©lorccster I|§ Jlailu
VOL. 20, NO. 209.
ly approached the gigantic passenger, and,
after blandly bogging paidon for troubling
him, began the following dialogue;
“How tall are you, sir; if it’s a fair question?”
“W-e-l-l, I d-o-n-t exactly remember.'’
“Seven feet?”
“Ob yes; over seven feet."
“Would you bo so kind as to give me your
weight?”
“Really I don’t know bow much 1 would
weigh.”
The questioner here hesitated a moment, and
was on the point of giving up the job, after meet
ing wiih such indifferent success; but he didn’t
quite like to carry back so little information to
his fellow passengers, and so he began on an
ot her series of questions:
“I think I have met von before. Are yon
from San Francisco, sir?”
“No; oli no. Pm a farmer from out west,
whctc we hutch our own eggs and raise our
own chickens.**
The questioner glanced from the sardonic
smile on his face to his right hand as it toyed
with a tobacco box capable of holding a pound
or two of fine out, and then bade the ponderous
old joker* good evening, wondering if giants
always snubbed little six-foot chaps in that
way.
Excursion oyer the Boston, Barre and
Gardner Railroad.— The president and di
rectors of the above road, on the invitation of
Messrs. R. I*. Cooke C\>., the contractors, took
a nip over the line on the occasion of the final
handing over of the road to the corporation on
Saturday. Although the notice was somewhat
short, and did not admit of much preparation,
everything was provided and in good order for
the comfort of the excursionists. The party
(including C. S. Turner, Esq., superintendent,
and Mr. Chandler, the road master of the Wor
cester and Nashua,) left the Foster street depot
in one of the new and elegant ears of the com
pany at 11:15, and arrived at Barber’s crossing
(thejunction of the road with the \V. and N.)
at 12. Having little time to spend on the trip up,
they were soon under way. Although the snow
of the previous night partially obstructed the
view, it did nut affect the condition of the road;
the favorable expressions being unanimous,
many remarking that smoother running was
seldom met with on old roads. Arrived at
Gardner at 12:30—time 30 minutes, including
stoppages lor wood, &e., During their
short stay in Gardner for visiting the station,
grounds, &e., a lunch was spread in the ear,
which good appetites and smiling faces wel
comed. After having done ample justice to the
good t'lings, the “Boston, Barre and Gardner
railroad corporation” was proposed by Mr.
Cooke.
The toast was responded to in an able manner
by the indefatigable president,Col. Phillips, who
remarked that m calling upon him for a speech
the contractors had stolen a march—as he con
sidered the contract incomplete without a speech
iu the first place on the part of the contractors.
When the road, in conjunction with others, was
prospected, (a time as tar back as memory
runneth!) when Worcester bad about 8000 in
habitants and could not boast of being the
‘model city,”—the prospect was anything but
flittering. The fire of ambition was not extin
guished however, the energies that plann d the
project though pal-icd by circumstances, only
remained laun'jand as the progress of time
b ought matter; more favorably in view, some of
t ie leading capitalists were consulted,alter which
(t hunks to Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Hey wood and
o'liers) atf.iirs assumed a more favorable aspect.
13 patient, persevering effort and the bold con
11outing of all the obstacles incident to new un
dertakings (amongothers the antagonisms with
monied bodies whose interests were not parallel)
'h seemingly neglected, though not least iui
rtant channel to the heart of the common
wealth has been this day completed. Although
h said completed, he meant completed as far as
the late contract was concerned—there yet re
mained that all important portion the extension
to Winchendon—in regard to which he would
merely state (and he was sure it would he heard
with satisfaction bv all present) that the voice
of the last meeting was to push it forward unre
mittingly and without delay till all the wished
for results should be attained. It was a known
fact railroads very seldom paid large dividends
in their first years-—the reasons arc obvious. It
was not to he expected that this won id
prove an exception to the general rule, but in
looking forward to the time when, all obstacles
removed, this road will join the grand chain
which, link hv link, has brought Massachusetts
conspicuously forward in progress and develop
menr, he had every hope and assurance that the
Boston, Barre and Gardner railroad would meet
their most sanguine expectations. In conclu
sion, and with reference to the contractors,
Messrs. R. I’. Cooke Co he took pleasure in
stating that they had given every satisfaction,
and that any other remarks from iiim would he
superfluous, as the road was one which would
speak tor itself. In this con; cetion he deemed
it a matter of interest and would state that the
road had been constructed for a very trifling
amount more than the cost contemplated thirty
vears ago, although the eost of labor, &c., was
very much lower then than now.
With good wishes for the contractors, and
hoping that they would meet with success in
new spheres of operation, he proposed their
health, and called upon Mr. Cooke, who, in a
very appropriate reply, stated the satisfaction
they experienced in the assurance that their en
deavors to construct a road which would meet
the wishes of the compnnv, had not been in vain.
Messrs. Turner of the Worcester and Nashua,
Stratton, the chief engineer of the road, and
others, were also called upon, and made
speeches.
The depots arc in readiness, and reflect great
credit on Mr. Tower, the architect. The party
arrived iu Worcester about 4:30, well satisfied
with their trip.
COUNTY NEWS.
lion. Alvah Crocker of Fitchburg lias gone to
Europe, and will be absent two months.
The Milford gaslight company have recently
put in a large new holder.
Mr. J. F. Parker, late of the Fiskdalc house,
Sturhridge, is to take charge of the Edwards
house, Southbridge.
A committee was chosen at n town meeting in
Wcstboro, last week, to consider the expediency
of constructing a reservoir on the common for
the, town’s use.
Messrs. J. R. J. E. Proutv, of Spencer, have
just completed a new mill] in close proximity to
their coarse wire works, for drawing coarse
wire from rods. They have furnished it with
improved machinery, manufactured by Messrs.
Wakefield Goodman, Worcester, which will
enable them to fill their orders with dispatch.
An attempt was, made one day last week to
burn one of the school houses in Milford, at a
time when there were over two hundred children
in tiie building. A burning match, or sonic
other ignited substance, was thrust through one
of the window-nettings over a basement win
dow, and dropped in a box of shavings and
kindlings. This, of course, produced a quick
blaze of fire and an almost stifling smoke. It
was discovered a few minutes after the fire was
set, the alarm was given, ami the children were
got out of the various rooms as rapidly as posi
ble. Before the fire was extinguished, the greater
part of the floor timbers and the under side of
the floor boards were charred, and in one place
the tire had mule its appearance in the room
above. This is the second attempt that has been
made to burn that school house.
Tiie Spencer Robbery.— ln the superior
criminal court at Boston, oil the 11th, Wm. J.
Sutherland was arraigned on another indict
ment charging him with receiving goods stolen
Irom the store of Z icchous Ingalls at Spencer in
June last. At the last term of the court Suther
land was placed on trial, but owing to a mis-de
scription in the indictment of the goods alleged
to have been received, the district attorney
abandoned the ease, and the jury, by direction
of the court, returned a verdict of'not guilty.
To the indictment return.d against him the de
fendant pleaded not guilty, when his counsel
made au effort to have his bail reduced it I
on a former indictment been fixed at SSOOO
claimed that it was an act of persecution 1
officers toward Mr. Sutherland, who was
cent of the charge, and had been honorab
quitted on a previous occasion. Mr. Ma
formed the court that Lee one ol the pi
concerned in the robbery, nad been coovh
and the government intended to have t
Sutherland at the last term, hut it was found
the wrong lots of goods had been described in
indictment. Judge Lord said that ho saw
good reason for reducing the bail, and ordc
the defendant to be held iu the sum of $5900
trial on the 20th inst.
The Philadelphia and Trenton railroad cor
puny was leased to the Pennsylvania railroa
company on Saturday.
latest n ews.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO TUB WOUCEBTCU lIAILY ID
FROM EUROPE.
Fra iirr.
THIERS IN FAVOR OF A REPUBLIC.
Paris, N« v. 12.— President Thiers authorita
tively stales that when the legislative assembly
meets iu December the government will propose
to en l the provisional regime and establish a
definite republic.
THE RETURN OF THE GOVERNMENT TO PARIS.
In view of the early reopening of the national
assembly, President Thiers has intimated his in
tention of raising the question relative to the re
turn of the assembly to Paris, and its permanent
location iu that city. His views upon the sub
ject have been already submitted to the perma
nent committee of the assembly appointed to
legislate during the recess. The proposition
finds much favor, and will probably have many
supporters in the assembly.
MILITARY.
A bill for the reorganization of the French
army will be submitted to the assembly when it
convenes. The bill as drafted proposes a series
of important reforms in the present military
system, and among other obnoxious usages,
provides for the abolition of the system of mili
tary substitutes, now prevailing in the army.
It also establishes compulsory military service
to be exacted from all male citizens arriving at
a certain age. By the terms of the proposed
measure, Belfort is made the principal fortress
of France, and it is provided that the fortifica
tions at thut point shall he strengthened where
necessary.
editors’ opinions.
The French papers very generally discuss the
recent speech of the English Premier Gladstone,
and deduce therefrom the necessity for France
to seek henceforth a Russian alliance.
FRANCE TO BE HONORED BY TIIE POPE’S PRES
ENCE.
Rumors continue of the approaching departure
of the pope from Rome. L i France to-dav savs
that the pope has intimated to President Thiers
his intention to establish a residence iu France;
that Thiers made a strong effort to di-suadc
him from that purpose, without success, and
finally placed at his disposal the castle ol Pan.
DII’LOM AT IC.
Guizot ha« accepted the position of French
minister to England. The Due de Broglie takes
the mission to Austria; Picard that to Belgium;
Flcun to the United States, and Goulard to
Italy.
RELATIONS WITH ROME.
Prince de (Jliigl Albani, papal nuncio, had a
long interview with Count de R nnusat, minister
of foreign aflairs. The Coustitutiouncl says they
discussed the forthcoming protest ot the pope,
in which the holy father will declare himself
sob* king of Rome, and will announce his deter
mination to hold no official intercourse with
any foreign representatives at court or near the
person ot Victor Emanuel.
It is stated here that the first duty of the Due
d'Harcourt on his ai rival at Rome will be to
present to Cardinal Anlonelli a formal protest
against the publication of a portion of the
French minister's confidential correspondence
with the pontifical secretary.
€»rciit llrilain.
ROLLING STOCK.
London. Nov. I(5.—A new company has been
formed to furnish rolling stock lor the Atlantic
and Grea*. Western railway. The 53,000,000
of capital stock was subscribed two-fold iu two
days.
MARINE DISASTER.
flic steamship llolsatia, iu leaving tlio harbor
of Plymouth, cn route to Hamburg, came iu
collision with a schooner, which sank with all
the crew.
Ireland*
NOT GUILTY.
Dublin, Nov. 12.—The trial of Kcllev, who
had been accused of the assassination «>i Chief
Constable Talbot of this city, was concluded
Friday, the jury rendering a verdict of ,mt guil
ty. During the continuation of the trial public
interest has been active, the general leeliag of
the citizens being strongly in sympathy with
the prisoner. Immense crowds have thronged
the court each day since the opening examina
tion. The evidence adduced utterly failed to es
tablish the charge of murder brought against
the prisoner. The announcement of the acquit
tal of Kelly was received with the liveliest feel
ings of satisfaction by the hundreds who had
assembled in the vicinity of the court room, in
expectation of the final result.
Slpniu.
TIIE STRIKING BREADMAKERS.
Madrid, Nov. 12. —The journeymen bakers
in Valencia, who have been on a strike, attempt
ed to prevent by violence the introduction of
workmen and bread Iron* the adjoining towns.
The cavalry, however, succeeded in dispersing
the mob and restoring order.
From Washington.
TIIE HORNET.
Washington, D. Nov. 12.-It is known
that the statement that the Spanish war vessels
bad left Havana to seize the steamer Hornet are
untrue. They have gone on another errand, in
a different quarter. The Spanish authorities
have already been advised that serious trouble
may result, should the Hornet be seized while
under the American flag. Her true character is
a question for civil investigation, and can not be
determined by the Spanish authorities with the
aid of a naval force. It appeals that the reason
of the Spanish consul at Portau Prince for strik
ing the flag was, that lie was loudly derided by
the crew ol the Hornet, 200 colored sailors.
This fact has been communicated to our govern
ment.
GENEVA TRIBUNAL.
The object of the recent visit of Mr. Evarts to
Washington was in connection with business to
be brought before the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva. No information has yet been received
from Benjamin R. Curtis regarding bis aceept
iapee of the appointment as associate consul.
FEW CLAIMS.
A few claims only have yet been received for
presentation to the United States and British
commission which reassembles hereon Tuesday.
Mr. Howard, British agent, is instructed by his
government not to present the claims of persons
heretofore British subjects who have become
naturalized citizens of the United States.
THE CUBAN CLAIMS.
The Spanish commission will proceed to con
sider claims in December. Before the commis
sion was authorized, a large number of claims
for spoliations in Cuba were presented to the
state department. Not over ten, so far, have
been presented to the commission in accordance
with prescribed forms.
PENSIONS.
Under the law granting pensions to survivors
and widows ol the war of 1812, 970 applications
have been rejected ami 8793 pensions granted.
SPEAKER BLAINE AND THE COMMITTEES.
In a letter to a friend in this city, Speaker
Blaine says he will not reach here until alter
the 80th instant, and will not be able to an
nounce the standing committees of the house
before the second week in December. He also
says there is no authority whatever for news
paper statements in reference to proposed
changes in the chairmanship of several cjinmit
tees.
GEN. BUTLER AND THE HORTON.
Gen. Butler proposes lo bring the Horton
matter before congress unless {Secretary Bout
well issues the papers required by her owners.
The secretary says lie has been unable to discov
er anything in examining the matter to cause
him to change his mind.
FINANCIAL.
Fourteen millions of dollars of the new loan,
which belongs to the syndicate, instead of being
sent to Europe, is held in the treasury here, the
syndicate prefering to sell it in this country. It
is believed it will be sold before the end of this
month.
Fatal Accidents.
St. Louis, Nov. 12.—The passenger train, on
the Northern Missouri railroad, which left here
on Friday, having the cirs containing tiinctv
five recruits, was approaching Wellsville, ninety
miles north of this city, about noon, and run
ning on a down grade at a high rate of speed,
when a rail broke, and the cars containing the
recruits jumped the track and rolled down the
embankment, turning two or three times. At
the latest accounts sixteen soldiers were killed.
Edward Calvin, a brakeman and a son of Judge
Calvin of this city, was also killed. The ac
counts from Wellsville are meagre and unsatis
factory No names of the soldiers have been
received. The recruits were en route for Salt
Lake.
Later.—Further advices relating to the acci
dent near Wellsville, yesterday, state that only
two persons were killed outright, but between
twenty and thirty were wounded, several it is
aied fatallv. Ail the injured were taken to
’ellsville and cared for by the railroad cotnpa
7. Both ears were badly smashed.
CHILDREN SUFFOCATED.
I’ottsville, Pa., Nov. 12.— Y esterdnv three
lldren, in quest of coal, at Minersville,
ndered imo an abandoned mine, when several
Tion aol the gangway caved in and all were
located.
Roinmitir Mtorr.
»n Francisco, Nov. 12.—Capt. Barker, of
le ship Japan, wrecked on East Cape, Si
1, in October of last year, when eight men
drowned, after wintering with the Esqui
x and suffering great hardships, joined
Haves and the crew ot bark Oriole, which
in Behring sea in June. Alter sailing to
Us places In Alaska on the little shooner
Hourne, which finally became unsea
y and abandoned, all arrived here to-day
v ictoria. They had been given up as
WORCESTER: MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 13, 1871.
Our New York Dispatches.
I After Ihe Uri iutif OTtnier dti Titerd
Ail" lifer n tlnn Who iutciiil* id itriif
Amp Jim Irving Itito Bxplaiu,elr.
New York, Nor. 12.—1 lie bureau of municipal
col lection have information leadiifig them to be
lieve that Tweed is preparing so Pee. The tec
timony against him is not only for frauds on tile
city, tuit iu connection with Erie transactions,
which is overwhelming. He is secretlv convert
ing everything into available funds while main
taining the outward semblance of firmness, lie
was very obsequious to the park Workmen, who
waited on him yesterday to know why their pay
rolls were not yet made out, promising them
it should be immediately attended 10. The Turn*
inanyitcs believe in his resignation and flight.
Ingersoll has been hiding this week in his fur
niture factory, and a rumor is uflont that several
ot his bondsmen, since the result of the election,
have withdrawn. It is believed, If arrested
to day, as promised by the sheriff, he will have
to «ro to jail.
None ol the counsel deny thut the arrest of
Sweeny is not on the programme, and it is
generally believed that a suit Hgnlnst him will
be entered iu a low days as Tweed's abettor lit
the frauds.
Gen. Barlow, the newlv elected attorney-gen
eral, is urging the collecting of evidence (if cor 4
ruption on the part of Judge Curdozo and other
city judges, in order that lie can impeach them
as soon as he assumes his office.
The democratic reform committee have evi
dence that fifteen thousand ring votes were
fraudulently thrown or counted In at the elec
tion, Tuesday, and expert to punish thirty-six
repeaters already under surveillance. The com
mittee state that the police aided iu the frauds
directly and indirectly.
Gen. Barlow, the newly elected state attorney
general, has already begun collecting evidence
for prosecuting the ring trauds when he takes
his office, January Ist.
The committee of seventy will lie in session
night and day until the legislature meets,
planning and arranging plans for punishing
the ring rascals, and providing the city with a
new government.
It is now ascertained that the ring paid $5,-
000,000 Burn January 1,1869, for corrupting a\id
muzzling the New Voik press. It is proposed
to hereafter publish the corporation advertising
in only lour daily papers.
The Sun says Stokes is reported to have re
reived $70,000 for surrendering to Sweeny the
Fisk and Mansfield letters, wli eh, if published,
would have made startling revelations concern
ing the Tammany and Erie rings.
Charles O'Gonor sail, yesterday, that Tweed
was raking all the preliminary steps men take
when they seek to elude justice by flight to a
foreign land; the police would not be very ac
tive iu at resting him, even if the committee of
seventy should give them power, and would not
help his arrest lr, informing ot his movements.
O’Conor believed Tweed would certainly fly, and
there are not many impediments in his way.
lie did not think ho was the only prominent
erimiual who would quit the country. But,
wherever they go in Europe, they will find that
they cannot remain with immunity. They w.ll
he followed wherever the story of their crimes
can follow. As to Fields, his seat in the assem
bly will be disputed, on the ground of fraud in
the elections, which were so abundant that Hor
atio Seymour will surely take his scat.
A new charter is already drafted for submis
sion to the next legislature. It will provide for
a more just government for the people. As to
the difficulty about the aldermen, the mayor
need not trouble himself about it, as in Janua
ry, in any case, the newly elected aldermen will
be the aldermen, and all points of law will be
Bwept away.
Almost every day since the issue of Judge
Barnard's injunction order, laborers on all kinds
ol public works or improvements have waited
upon the commissioner of public works, William
M. I weed, or Deputy Controllor Green and
asked that they might receive their wages,
which are now due, iu some eases Irom one to
three or four months. The invariable answer
by Mr. Green is tint he is anxious to pay the
men, but owing to the various complications of
the city finances he must have time lo adjust
these claims, be they ever so urgent or
proper. This delay is particularly severe on the
men who have large families, whose landlords
are inexorable for their rents, and many poor
families to-lay, according to the statements of
these men, are actually suffering for thccommon
necessities of life.
Several more important resignations of city
officials have been made and more are daily ex
pected in the various departments of the city and
county government. Who the successors will
he remains entirely in the hands of Mayor Hall,
who has assured the reporters that there will
be no concealment whatever, but just as soon
as he makes any new appointments the press
will have the fullest information given them
upon the subject.
l licre i; very good authority for stating that
Deputy Controller Green lias been the most
effective agent in defeating the ring candidates
iu *i 1 'uui that the committee of seventy
have had. Noon man in this city is so heartily
uiKitucm.iiizeu uy the ring politicians as Con
troller Green, for he has most effectually lopped
off the greatest part of the active members of
their army of dependants. He has, since be as
sumed his position, discharged from sinecure
offices over 3000 bummers who were eating at
the public eric, holding minor positions of a
nominal nature around the courts and the large
and small departments of the city. These men
were the most effective in the ward elections and
primaries, and their discharge, which has been
quietly and unostentatiously neatle at the rate of
a hundred every two or three days, sapped the
foundations of Tammany’s supposed popularity
with the masses. This action lias let these fel
lows loose, and when election day arrived they
were the willing tools of anybody who was wili
ing so treat or hire them. They became con
vinced that their Tammany friends were useless
to them, an i of course went with those whom
they considered would be on the winning side.
Quite a number went over to Brooklyn, but they
did their repeating in such a bungling manner
that even those who hired them became disgusted
with them. Their occupation is gone, and hun
dreds of them will become paupers at Black
well’s island this winter, while others of a vicious
turn will go to swell the army of sneak thieves
and small-fry burglars with which this city and
vicinity is invested.
The Post says: It is now believed, on good
evidence, that Mayor Hall has in his pocket the
resignation of Mr. Tweed as commissioner of
public works and as a member of the board of
apportionment. Thus Mr. Hall stands practi
cally alone, the only official survivor of the late
notorious quadrilateral. He has Mr. Green as
acting controller at liis side, and must now ap
point two new members of tin ruling board.
Who shall they be? It is easy to see that the
mayor would be hopelessly ein arrassedin mak
ing these appointments, if he should look only
to his own political associates in his recent
Tammany contest against the reformers. What
can he do? We see but one rational and politic
course for him, and that is precisely the one
which the people of New York evidently wish
him to take. Let him take into his counsels Mr.
Hilaries O’Conor, the acting attorney general
whose energy lias brought about these vacancies,
and let him appoint only men whom Mr. O’Conor
and his associates in the work of reform ap
prove.
The rumor that Ingersoll intended to sur
render himself to the sheriff yesterday was not
warranted by the facts. Sheriff Jarvis, in whose
bauds the order of arrest was placed, was
in unsuccessful search of Ingersoll all day, but
failed to find him, either at his place of business
or residence. He will undoubtedly loliow
Garvey, and some believe that he has fled
under an assumed name to Europe. It is re
ported by some that he has left the city until he
can secure necessary bail, knowing that he
would be sent to Ludlow street jail over Sunday
if he were found before he had secured the ne
cessary bondsmen. It is stated that he still
lacks $200,000, and that he will obtain these
Monday and then return to town.
The democrati reform organization arc pur
suing through counsel the collection of evidence
of frauds in the recent election. Affidavits have
been made alleging misconduct in some cases
against election inspectors, in others against po
licemen, and not a few repeaters will probably
find themselves in prison on the evidence al
ready collected of their fraudulent practices.
The fourth senatorial district is specially rich in
frauds of all sorts and kinds. Some startling
disclosures maybe looked for when the eases
from this district arc brought into court. Jas.
E. Davis, arrested on a charge of false registra
tion in the fourth ward, was before Judge Brady
in the supreme court chambers yesterday, on a
habeas corpus lo have his bail fixed. The court
said that the bail would be fixed at any amount
the district attorney might think necessary to
secure the attendance of the prisoner. After
some consultation with counsel the district at
torney consented that the ball might fixed at
tbe low figure of SSOO, which was furnished,and
the fellow thus escapes.
The rumored burying of the hatchet between
Senator Fenton aud Collector Murphy on Thurs
day evening, is incorrect. They met at the resi
dence of a mutual friend ami duly recognized
each other as all gentlemen do under similar cir
cumstances, and making this the occasion of
political significance was simply gratuitous on
the part of the persons who heard of the cir
cumstance.
The following is the weekly bank statement:
Increase of loans, $2,701,800; of specie, SI,OOB.
608; ot deposits $6,848,000; of legal tenders,
$2,055,100; decrease in circulation, $40,600.
The steamship Calabria, lor Europe, takes
$240,000 in specie.
The Russian clipper Abreck, Capt. Schantz,
thirty-two days from Madera, anchored in the
lower bay last night. Capt. Schantz says he
parted company with the admiral about twenty
seven days ago, and their arrival here may be
expected at unv moment. The Abreck was
boarded by revenue cutter Northerner at seven
o’clock this morning.
James Irving, in a says
he knows nothing about the a.Asft/sff *n tawdry
for which be was arrested; don't know Mat N«.
ever saw Dowlev; was not near the fracas and
dhl not ft cognize any of the panics concerned
ft? li*' tmifft* action ngainst him is for
the purpose iff i^f^ct/Rijn surd fln.ft he has been
treated hy the United SuitM HtittiOrrlk.fi like a
dog It is suspected that the wrotig man fftrid b'eew
arrested, and a report about the sheriff's Office
says the description of the nssaillant tallies with
one Of fife deputy sheriffs, named Jim Erb?.
Mrs. J. O. Ives, a yuurig married lady residing
on Layfayette ntentfe, ifrdbklvff, committed
suicide hy jumping n ?*»ond tftory window,
Friday, while siilfciing fronl pdej/enrl fever.
Steamer City of Paris sunk yesterdfiy After
noon the canal boat Montana, laden with grain;
itPfUrcd for S2OOO.
List night’s latv«t intelligence about the small
pox shows it to be iilCredßlng here with unpar
alleled rapidity, Front two or three ‘uses in the
niornifig it has gone up to fifty, ahd fs Jilll
growing in virulence and extent. Before the
homo of health Dr, CVecarim drew a frightful
picture ol the ravages of archill po* in the city.-
He said If some effective measure be not sofih
taken It w»ll Invade the crowded portions of
New York iu sulll a itidififet that nothing can
check the scourge. Our health Iwffinf are be
coming alarmed.
James Curlier, the desperado who recently
broke into the house of Mr. Cm field, in Heiiiy
street, Brooklyn, rilfd attempted to kill the pro
prietor, attempted Friday flight break out of
Raymond street jail, where he Was held so <twnn
the action Of the gnftfd jury. He had by sonic
means secured the means *fi escape.- but ivas de-'
teeted by Keeper Conrady, between whom and
the prisoner a desperate encounter oeeiiffelL
Currier was, however, overcome and confined iu
the strongest cell in the jail.
A Calais captain of a schooner, named John
Kelley, banded over all his Mom v last night to
a visitor who called on hint in his Cabin and
presented a revolver at his head. His vessel was
within a cable length ».'f tile navy \ard.
Capt. Simmies is undergoing cKaimdatlon be
fore a court martial at the navy yard on seVefal
charges of brutal and inhuman treatment in
flicted by him on the sailors of the United States
steamer Portsmouth, while in tue Brazil squad
ron, two years ago. Several other officers now
on foreign stations me so be tried before it, in
cludin'; the commander of the Gtiorrioro.
Evidence of great fraud in the Brooklyn elec
tion is still being brought to light. Meetings
were held in various places this evening, and the
rascalities of ballot-box st offers and the false can*
votes were denounced iu unmeasured
terms. Two canvassers iu the seventh assembly
district confessed that they had been guilty (if
fraud. The election return from the twenty-first
ward, which was stolen two days ago, was found
under a desk in a private office connected with
the county clerk's department, where it had
been thrown by the thief. A special committee
to investigate frauds is busy at work, and affi
davits ate pouring in upon it.
There is no abatement of excitement in Brook
lyn over the alleged election frauds, and groups
of politicians may he seen in the viein ty of
City hull and the court house,excitedly discuss
ing the startling assertions made by prominent
eitizens. It is expected that a change will he
made hy the legislature in all the commissions
in Brooklyn. The wafer board, which repub
licans assert is a sink of corruption, will he al
tered, as will also the fire department, now man
aged by Fred Massay and McLaughlin. Ft is
also expected that the law under which the
Brooklyn city police was organized will he
changed, and Commissioners Daniel Briggs,
Isaac Van Anderson, and Mayor Kalbfleisch
ousted. Of course, a change of commissioners
will make change of chief, detectives, captains
and sergeants on the police force. Unless the
law is altered the commissioners will serve the
terms for which they were appointed, four years.
Another and more stringent registiy law wiil
probably be passed to prevent repealing.
Complaints having been made against a num
ber of policemen for violating the rules of the
department in various ways, they will soon bo
tried before the commissioners.
To-day Oatacazy, Russian minister, accompa
nied by bis secretaries, proceeded down the
hay in Gen. Aspinwall’s yacht, and went on
hoard the Abreck. He was received with the
usual honors. He subsequently visited Ad
miral Rowan’s flag ship, where he spent some
time and mutual congratulations were ex
changed. The Abrcck left Madeira in company
with the frigate Svetlana and the corvette Bo
gatire. When in long. 21, hit. B>J, Vice Admiral
l’assier, chief of the squadron, gave orders tor
the Abreek to take a southerly course and pro
ceed, under steam, to the New York rendezvous
until the Svetlana and Bogatire arrived.
The police commissioners of Brooklyn having
invited citizens to make known to them any de
reliction of duty on the part of the police on
election day, a large number of eomplaiuts
have been received, and those found guilty will
be promptly removed.
The following are the particulars of the re
ception of the Abreck: At day bleak, a strange
vessel was made out, and the stars and stripes
were run up by the Congress, responded to 113'
the blue flag of Russia, quickly followed by the
national salute of twenty-one guns from the
Russian vessel with the American flag at the
main. The Congress replied from a battery of
9-inch guns. Lieut. Commander Robeson was
was sent aboard the Abreck, to convey the com
pliments of Admiral Rowan, and tender the
usual courtesies of a man-of-war. Her cap
tain accepted the invitation to dine with
the admiral, and, running a vice admiral’s flag
to the lore, fired a salute of fifteen guns, which
was returned hy the Congress. At an entertain
ment on the Abrcck, her chief officer gave the
toast, “We are glad to be in New York, and
drink to the American people with joy.” The
Abrcck has not seen the rest of the fleet since
the third day after leaving Madeira, and being a
slow sailer, it was expected that the others
would be here ahead. If is believed that they
are close at hand, unless they went to Bermuda
to repair the Bogatirc’s boilers.
Frederick Sturmfel, a German, aged fifty, com
mitted suicide in front of Trinity church, this
afternoon, by swallowing a quantity of muriatic
acid.
The forty-seventh anniversary of* the New
York Bible society was celebrated this evening.
The annual report shows that Bibles, Testa
ments, to the value ol $18,572, have, been
issued during the year. Receipts for the year,
$21,926; expenditures, $21,047.
Criminal Becord.
PARDON.
Albany, N. Y., Nov. 12.—Governor Hoffman
has pardoned Benjamin Teachout, who was sen
tenced to be hanged for poisoning his wife, new
evidence received throwing doubt on his guilt.
DEATH SENTENCE.
Newark, N. J Nov. 12.—George Botis has
been sentenced to be hung Dre. 21st, for the
murder of Oliver S. Halstead.
I’rior to the sentence of Botts his counsel
moved for a new trial because a juror since ac
knowledged that he was prejudiced. After a
brief argument the court unanimously decided
that there was no ground to set aside the ver
dict. His counsel then applied for exception
to the ruling of the court, which was granted.
Botts lieing asked if he had anything to sav,
replied that he had no show on‘the trial, and
that one witness had sworn absolutely false.
Judge Depul then pronounced sentence, where
upon Botts sank into his scat deeply agitated.
Judge Depul’s decision renders Bott’s case hope
less. He will certainly be hanged on the 21st of
December. lie has no expectation of delay or
a commutation of sentence, and savs he will
die game. The public generally approve of the
sentence.
THE FAIR CASE.
San Francisco, Nov. 12.—The arguments in
the Fair case were concluded last evening in the
supreme court. Decision upon the application
for a new trial will be made next week.
LOS ANGELES.
San Francisco, Nov. 12.—The Chinese con
sul at Los Angeles is investigating the affairs
connected with the late riot. Chinese property,
seized at the time of the riot, in the name, but
without the authority of the United States mar
shal, has been released to the owners, but none
of the money stolen was returned.
SENTENCED FOR LIFE.
San Francisco, Nov. 12.—John Gates was
sentenced to imprisonment for life at Hamilton,
Nevada, for killing James Mackey.
RED DEMONS.
San Francisco, Nov. 12.—The Wickenburg
and La Paz, Arizona, stage was attacked a feu
days ago by about fifty Apache Mojaves, about
ten miles from the former place. The driver
John Lctz, otherwise “Dutch John,” and two
passengers with him on the board were killed at
the first fire. Inside were five passengers three
of whom were killed. Wm. Kruger and Miss
Mol lie Sheppard of l’rescott were wounded, but
escaped to the chapparel, and finally reached
Wickenburg. The names of the passenger
killed were: Fred Slioholm, F. N. Loritu, A. I*.
Solomon, P. W. Hamel and C. S. Adams.
Loring and Hamel were of Lieut. Wheelci’s ex
ploring expedition. Adams was scalped. Tne
mails ami baggage were plundered. One report
says the attack was made by liighwavmen and
not Indians.
MURDERER SENTENCED.
Wheeling, Va., Nov. 12.— Henry Montgom
ery, an accomplice of Ezra Owens|in the murder
of Edward West, iu Lewis county, this state, in
May, 1870, was yesterday sentenced to the peni
tentiary lor life.
HIGHWAYMEN.
San Francisco, Nov. 12.—Throe highway
men, named Jones, Hoax and Sampson, belong
ing to the gang who have repeatedly robbed the
stage near Cloverdale, Sonoma county, were ar
rested Friday, aud three others of the same gang
will be captured.
A TENNESSEE MURDERER.
Memphis, Tenn., Nov. 12. —Early Eason was
sentenced to be hanged on the 26th of December
for murdering Edward L Cole last spring.
BLOODY AFFAIR.
Norfolk, Va., Nov. 12.—Two negroes were
slightly wounded, and a negro policeman killed
last night, in Portsmouth, by a crowd of roughs
Irom Nortolk. The wounded negroes were quiet
ly passing down High street whew shot, jhe
policeman interlerred, and was shot through ffife
nejfo. The ftersons have been arrested.
L* E itblß tail MURDER
Wheeling, flkr Lfy fffmfwnf Hat ring, con
victed for killing one i/ufry hi Hi?* city, m Jan
uary, was sentenced to five yearl iif twiv jiSWit Mi
ll «rv.
MINERS’ QUARRELS.
>vvrt Lake, NcT. I*2. Accounts from Provo
reffre-'cnf nil mumter <tf outrage in a pending
suit betweefi Eureka and King Uavkl and Mav
Henrietta computin'.*'* Twowirnfesses (hr the de
fendants were assailed wiflf 'Ourfg Mints’
badlv injuicd. The superintendent Of (be May
nctfffoda company was shot at, and narrowly
leaped vHflf his life.
S iv fd 1, Tragedy.
St. LotU, Nov. f?.--A hp'rf'tbfe murder was
committed near Osagl' Mfissjoto, HMiu'sib', on the
night of the 6rh. John P. Flatingafft the’ perne*
trator, recently suffered pecuniary loss(.\ He
resolved to dispatch himself and family. He
udmintoteivd chloroform to his wife and two
little gftlfq aged two months and two years.
About four Iff the morning, Mrs. Flanagan
awoke from her stupor ftffd discovered her hus
baud driving teii-pcnny Halls info flic head of
one child Flying to file fc.vMe of her babes,
she found them expiring She Succeeded hi
disarming her husband and gave the alarm. Plan
tiiiifff Wi»r taken into custody. A letter, found
tacked on the ttrilb Addressed to some relatives,
states that, in eoiisequrtCc Of Ids mind being in
sueli condition that lie could not (In anything,
he had determined to kill himself and family,
excepting his son Clarence.
FAMILY MURDERED.
Louisville, Nov, ISL—This morning a fami
ly named Parks wefe found murdered in a
hoUSd Pear Henryville. Indiana. The family
consisted of C’yrfis M Parks,- his Wife Isalielln,
his son John, aged ten, his daughters F.Valitie,
seventeen, and Ellen, fifteen. I licit 4 head* were
all terribly beaten, and crushed by a bluiif in
strument. The brains of Mrs. Parks and her
son were scatteieil about the room, while their
bodies were lying in beds. The daughters were
found sifting in the kitchen, alive, but delirious
and fatally hurt, Ihe uciglilfors beard shots iu
the night, but (he l*xl)es hear no bullet marks.
Parks was a leading tilerfibef of the church and
much esteemed. Great excitement prevails,
but there is no due to the perpetrators.
Political.
Mlßßlßßll*l*l —THE ELECT lON.
JvcKSon, Nov. t’2.—Muffleieiit returns have
been received to indicate the political com
plexion of the next legislature) The house of
representatives will have 61 republicans, f»fi
democrats and 2 independents. The senate will
number 24 republicans and 12 democrats. In all
large counties where, the republicans are strong,
the democrats put forth no ticket. The latter
did not vote in Adams county, where there are
over 5000 voters, largely republican, and only
30(MI votes were polled. The same may he said
of many other counties. No disturbances have
been reported. Gov. Alcorn will resign In a few
days and turn the office over to Lieut. Gov
ernor Powers. Alcorn goes to the United States
senate in December.
HEAVY REPUBLICAN MAJORITIES IN WISCON
SIN AND MINNESOTA.
Madison, Wis., Nov. 12. —The republican
state ticket is elected by 10,000 majority.
St. Paul, Miiiii., Nov. 12.—T'iie republican
state ticket is elected by a majority of a little
more than 8,000.
Fire Record.
AT I'LATTSBURG—LOSS NOT STATED.
Plattbuurg, N. Y., Nov. 11.—The academy,
the oldest landmark iu this place, was burned
last night; insured.
AT NEW YORK— LOSS S7OOO.
New York, Nov. 12.—David’s furnishing
store on Sixth avenue was burned Friday night.
Loss, $7000; insured.
AT DEERFIELD —LOSS NOT STATED.
Stringfield, Nov. 12.—The dwelling house
of John Catlin of Deerfield was burned Friday
night; insuied for $llOO.
AT CII VTTANOOG A—LOSS $73,000.
Chattanooga, Nov. 12.—A fire, this morn
ing, originating in Fisher Brother’s jewelry
store, corner Eighth and Market streets, de
stroyed a square and a half of the business por
tion of the eitv. Loss estimated at $73,000; in
surance $30,000; incendiary. The city was fired
in two other places, but extinguished. Fifteen
supposed Chicago desperadoes arrived from
Memphis last night, and suspicion points to
them.
The Wenlher.
Washington, Nov. 12 —The barometer will
probably continue high, with clear weather, to
night, followed by cloudy weather Mon da}’ in
the middle and eastern states. The cloud and
rain will extend very generally over the Missis
sippi valley and eastward over the Ohio valley
and Like Huron; increasing southerly winds
on Lake Michigan to-night; elsewhere danger
ous winds are not anticipated.
Abhrcrinfrd
Information fiom Corsica is that all quiet.
Deaths of last week at New York, 413.
Prince Humbert will arrive at Rome on the
14th inst.
Missionaries will leave Salt Lake tor the cast
next Thursday.
There were no deaths from yellow fever in
Charleston, Saturday.
There has been no intelligence from Brigham
Young nor Orson Hyde.
The reported defalcation in the Washington
post office is untrue.
Eighteen dealers in whiskey were indicted by
the grand jury at Baltimore on Saturday.
Forty thousand sheep perished by the recent
sand storm in Los Angeles countv, Cal.
The French iron-clad squadron remains at
Ajacio.
At Constantinople the cholera is increasing,
and there are many deaths daily.
All the Tammany corruptionists are to be
turned out of office.
The president has appointed Fisk P. Brewer
of Connecticut, consul at Pirseus,Greece.
Judge Bedford promises to aid Judge Barnard
in protecting innocent witnesses at the house of
detention.
Jhe president has issued a proclamation sus
pending the writ of habeas corpus iu Union
county, South Carolina.
The Charleston, S C., city council has ordered
a day of praise and thanksgiving for the disap
pearance of the yellow fever.
The mountains near Salt Lake arc covered
with snow, the winter being much earlier than
last year.
Due d’Harcourt, French ambassador to the
Papal court, was received on Saturday by the
pope and Cardinal Antonelli.
(81 lie autumn floods of the Tiber have done
much damage, but the waters are now subsid
ing.
Contributions arc being received at New York
by Sheldon Co., publishers, to rebuild the
burned Chicago libraries.
Chief Justice Carter rendered a decision at
Washington, Saturday, against the rigid of
women to vote.
Queen Victoria’s condition has wonderfully
improved, and all proposals for a partial regency
are abandoned.
Dan Ward, a New York politician, paid S3O
on Saturday for the privilege of kicking a voter
on Tuesday.
Retuins from forty-seven counties of Illinois
give Beveridge, republican candidate for con
gressman at large, 13,500 majority.
There have been many arrests of persons
charged with robbing, at Chattanooga, within
a few days.
The remaining walls of the New York piano
factory, which was partially burned and fell
down last Wednesday, fell on Saturday, and
several workmen narrowly escaped being
crushed.
The district supreme court at Washington, on
Saturday, dissolved the injunction against the
issue of lour millions to pay for the sewerage
and street improvements in New York city.
The members of the Army of the Cumberland
will meet in New York to-day to perfect arrange
ments for attending their annual reunion at De
troit, Mich.
Accounts from Columbia, S. C., state that
twelve more prisoners, ehargcdlwith kukltixing,
were brought there, from Unionville, Friday
night, accompanied by six witnesses.
The adherents in the Spanish cortes for Senor
Zorilla propose, on Tuesday next, to press a
vote censuring the ministry for their course in
regard to the international society.
Edwin Booth has purchased the interest in
Booth’s theatre that was vested in his partner,
Mr. Richard A. Robertson, and he is now sole
proprietor.
West Livingston, N. J., is excited by the mys
terious disappearance of Miss Mary H V. Pow
ell, a beautiful girl ot twenty, daughter of well
to-do, respectable parents.
A committee of grain receivers was appointed
by a meeting at Chicago, on Friday, to organize
suits against the railroads refusing to pay lor.
grain destroyed in transitu.
Franz Sigel has resigned his position as collec
tor of internal revenue for the ninth district of
New York, to accept the registrarship to which
he has just been elected.
Judge Barrett explains in a letter to the Sun
that he has not received a retaining fee of $lO,-
000 for his services iu the reform fight. He has
only had $2600 for weeks of labor.
A dispatch from Madison, Ohio, reports a ves
sel sunk two miles from the shore with three
men lashed to the cross-trees. A tug had gone
from Cleveland to their assistance.
At Philadelphia, on Saturday, the health re
port showed one hundred deaths from small
pox during the week. The number of cases un
der treatment has largely decreased.
Another army officer, named Hodges, has
been tried at New Orleans and lound guilty of
embezzlement and sentenced to be dismissed
the service. The president has approved the
sentence.
The York ville, S. C Enquirer of the 9th says
that forty-two more arrests have been made in
York county during the week, and three hun
dred more persons have made confessions as
to membership with the kuklux.
I’BICE l C ENTS.
A railroad trfCCftflg was held at Portland, Ore
gon 1 *atfifthly evening, nl which a memorial to
congress w'.r adopted, asking the usual grants
of lands to flic /orMtfnd, Dalles and Salt Lake
railroad, already incorporated.
The Suit Lake Herald pubflthes a letter from
fct.- hcufiscj relative to the conference there, but
not H word itr regard to Brigham Young. Hith
erto, every tMo+cttlctft of Young away from the
city has been reported daily by letter and tele
graph.
The reoping of the United Ntnfc* district court,
at Viait LuKe, and the reassembling of the grand
jiny ro-day. M anticipated with much interest,
ft is undcrstotid that Hosea Stout, under indict
mCfff lor murder, has made application to the
supreme court of the Uiilltfd States Ibra release
under a habeas rofpns.
Information from New Orleans pronounces
tbe sugar crop in Louisiana almost an entire
failure. The crop suffered severely throughout
flic reason front excessive rains and other causes.
A large ffoWbef of planters will not he able to
grind at all oil itcrinml of the entire failure of
their crop.
A Cluster, S. C., dispatch states that many ar
rests are being made in Chester county on the
secret evidence of worthless negroes, one of
whom Ims been convicted of rape. Twenty-om*
of the best citizens of Unionville were arrested
Wednesday, and so manv are fleeing that the
place is almost depopulated, except hy women
and children
Peter ooper said, the other night, referring
to the election, “I couldn't feel more joyful if
sOrrte great fortune had come into my posses
sion. I did all the little good I could for the
cause. lam so glad I”
The New York Tribune estimates that full one
fourth of the vote of New York city this year
was east by people who have taken uo interest
ill polities and who have not voted in past vears.
A tremendous storm of indignation is raised
in Brooklyn by the election frau Is. The people,
iiTi'BpcetiVc of party, are aroused, and it now
looks li.** if a thorough overhauling would
be made of the Scoundrels. Mayor Kullifl‘iseli
showed in his speech at the Brooklyn Academy
of Music indignation meeting, that more votes
were counted in some wards than there were
people in them.
Havana advices say that subscriptions are still
Iteiilg faired there for the (’hieago sufferers. Or
ders have •lucn given by the captain general that
all of the Venezuela expeditionists of Virginia,
expected to laud shortly, when caught shall be
immediately sent to Havana for trial and con
demnation.
Jjon. XV. T Clark, one of the republican can
didates ior congress in Texas, has arrived in
Washington. Jh’ fully confirms accounts of
Viol- nec and fraud n. the recent elections and
says an ulaiiniug conditlou of affairs at pres
old exist* ?u that. state, which may ultimately
call for very stringent incisures on the part of
the governicnr.
According to a Washington dispatch, ti:c
management of the navy yard rtf that place
needs to be looked into. On Wednesday up
ward of titty men were discharged, and there
was comment on the fact that most of those
discharged served in the Union army, while
a large unrulier of those retained have been em
ployed rime the war, they having served in the
rebel artny. One or two of the foremen in the
yard arc ex-rebels.
Receipts of cotton :lt all the ports for week
ending Friday night, 105,40 b against 96,708 last
week, 93,939 week before, and 82,538 three
weeks since, making the total receipts since
Sept, t, 565,195 bales, against 675,556 for the
same period last rear. The exports for tbe
week were 41,151 hales, and the stock on hand
Friday night, 297,186 hales, or 18,537 bales less
than at that date last year.
The New York committee of seventy have de
cided to dfmv up a new plan of government for
New York city ;/nd present ii to the legislature.
A committee is already appointed to do so. The
legislature will prohahlv p;/.«* the measure with
out discussion, thus throwing the full responsi
bility for the future govern incut upon the com
mittee of seventy
Charles O’Conor said in convention last week,
that the prosecutions against the ling thieves
would be accelerated rather than delayed by the
result of the elections, and that Tom Fields
would be refused admittance to the assembly.
This will probably secure the admittance of
Horatio Seymour, his competitor.
John W. Young, son of Brigham Young,
states that Brigham will not resist auy process
ol the court. He will not leave Utah; that del
egate Hooper has no compromise to propose at
Washington, and none will be offered; that no
outbreak is contemplated at Salt Lake, and that
the only solution of the difficulties is the admis
sion of Utah as a state, lie is not prepared to
state whether polygamy will Ije abandoned if
admitted.
Cyrus W. Field, of the Atlantic cable com
pany was in Washington on Friday, and
called on numerous officials, lie is about to
leave for Rome to attend the international
telegraph convention, after which he will re
turn to Washington to urge on congress the
passage of a bill extending government aid to
construct a telegraph cable between Sau
Francisco and Yokohama. This is the only
link needed to girdle the earth with a telegraph
wire.
OATENT OFFICE BUSINESS—Amen
■1 can him Foreign Patent* procured,Rejected Ap
IkatPns re-argued. Interference Cases Prosecuted
Opinions given so to the validity and infringement of
'atvits and Suite prosecuted and defended iu the U. 8,
Courtc.by
THUS. II DOIM2K.
uriocriy Principal Examiner and Chairman of|th«
Toard of Appeals. U. S. Patent office,) Counsellor at
jaw. and Advocate in Patent Cason. Office, Dodge**
■Hock, corner Park and Pori land sis. Worcester. Mass.
ii 14 d&wtf
QLIV ER’S
STOVE STORE,
«JBB MAIN STIJKET OI.IP NO. 870
myS! dis
yy~A UR E N A w EST ON
111 FRONT STREET,
COMMISSION I>K ALP. RS
111 IllltttT, EggS,
Are dal y receiving c nice lull Rutter from Jefferson
and St. Lawrence Counties, N V., which they offer to
the tra<'e at lowest ma.kot prices. dtf nil
TVTOTTOE. —Whereas, my wife, ALICE
-L i LEE. lias left my lied ant hoard without list cause,
I hereby lorbid all persons harboring or trusting her on
my account, as 1 .shall pay no debts of her contracting
all. r this date. THOMAS LHC.
Nov. 10,1871* dßt* nil
JOST— On Main st., Nov.flth, A LADY’S
J GOLD CI FF BUTTON. Any person finding the
same will he libera Jy rewarded by leaving it at this
office. d;i nil
Ij^OIJND!-- Came into the enclosure of the
1 subscriber. Nov. 6th, 1871. A DARK RED YEAR
1,1 N't; IIKIFEK. Ihe owner is requested to pay charges
and take her away. ALBERT P CLAPP,
ii 1 o d3t* Shrewsbury, Mass.
y.. FOUND! —Game into the enclosure
VT fl ortho subscriber, on the night of the 7th, A
ll while spots on
iigfsassshoulder, and one in face; about 5 years old;
short stub horns. The owner is requested to Drove
property, pay charges, and take her away.
JOHN GATES.
Sterling, Nov. 9. 1811. dlt* nlO
PROGRAMMED, THEATRE RILLS
AUCTION AND OTHER
Handbills and Posters,
Executed at very short notice
by the undersigned, with
FAST I*OIV Fit PRESSES.
Also, Fine Job and Card Printing.
■ncy for Sherwin’B Ready-strung Direction
Labels, and Shipping Cards.
CH AS. HAMILTON.
I.'i deoplf II him! IS Control Kxrliiinice.
New steam marble and
STONE WORKS,
Having introduced machinery into our business, we
are confident that, wit h our large experience, practical
knowledge, and personal attention, we arc prepared to
manufacture Building Fronts and Trimmings, Monti
incuts. Tablets and Grave Stones. Chimney Pieces,
Bracket Shelves, Table and Bureau Tops. Sinks, and
every description of work made from Marine and Stone,
at the lowest cash prices.
Thankful for pas' confidence and pationage, we solicit
a continuance of the same. TATUM A MORGAN,
dtf 131 Cent ral st Worcester. Mas*.
Hard and white pine timbbb
On hand and Sawed to Dimensions,
HARD PINE PLANK, HARD PINE FLOORINQ
and STEP BOARDS, or sale by
M T F. T s O It* A I* O I* E
Wharf and Dock-First, corner of E street Offlc** X
wh27 IP statp st Hoaro*- dir
PRIZE #76 GOLD WATCH wiU be
Jn. given the most successful student, male or f male,
of the tir-t fl»ty enteri' g the S K clegraph *oademy.
161 Tremont street, Boston. Apply or send stamp tor
circulars at once. deoptiviS lift
PICKED UP ON THE STREET
I. Wednesday morning, THREE PAUKAGES, con
taining articles ot value. The owner can have tinm by
pioving properly and paying charges.
HUGH WATERS.
Oil dli Jordan's Bio- k.
fIIHE LADIES’ HAIR STORE. Muses
A A. K. A F. o. CL'tUGH would respectfully intorm
their lady friends and former patrons, that ttiev have
returned to their old location, KJ Front st., S. R. Lei and *s
Bnilding, opposite the Common, where they will be
happy to attend to the wants ot all who mav favor them
with a- all, m making work to order; also, renovating
and adjusting old sets of hair; cutting children’s and
misses’ hair, diampooing. Ac., Ac.
ANSA E. CLOUGH,
*nv3» dtf FANNY O CLOUGH.
"RXOTIOE.—AII persona are hereby forbidden
giving credit on tuy account, without an order from
me. H. G. RO( HE.
Worcester. Nov. 4,181 E dJt nt>
ICE BlLLS!—Please c-all and nay tour Ice
Bills, at No. l Exchange st Office hours from JO a.
m to 12H, Jto 4 and 7toßv. m.
020 ritfw D WALKER A CO
11,'ST STEP IN TO EI,ETCH KIPS, and
look at tli.ee Gentlemen’s Slippers, iust received
from the iuiufac*orv No. 8 Bay >ta-e House Block,
Unr Price Store, Mam st. dtf n 2
JOHN G. IIALY, Gardener and Florist, is
ready to attend any or'ers tor Gardening, Green
house work. Grading of'Ground*. Ac., Ac., that may be
le't for him. at J. i>. LOVELL’S, 44« Main st.
U dt»l*
auylhiisiao aia i
Iu Daily Bft— For the "Square* often tinea aol
agate type, 1 time 75 eta.; each subsequent Insertion 54
Cla.; 1 week |2.7A; 2 weekss4.o«; I month fS.llO; I J**t
and the same rate proportionally for any numbfro
•Quarea. Two inea for one week $1.00; three line ff 1.25.
0"r lines 51.37; five lines $1 50 Local notices 25 cent*
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cent> p<r
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, A c., 15 rents per lino
Legal advertisements SI.OO per square for first iuser
tion each subsequent Insertion 50 cents.
Special positions, in the paper, and special styles of
display, will lie charged extra rates. Cuts and donbla
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wekklt Spy—First insertion Si.oo per *qui»re;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months $7.00; one
year $25.00.
flottTfS.
IT Wll.r, IiESTOKK TUB COLOR TO
GRAY OR FADED HAIR!
W A. R R E IST S
NOT POISONOUS
llair Restorer
Secured in United states Patent Office. s»*pt. 19,1871.
No SBOIMICNT. I.F, AII AS W’ATRR ANt* AS Pt BP. If.
contains no Alcohol or spirit-: «:on»ciiucntlv it will
not Gum the Hair or make it Jrv and wtry No itrate
of Silver, Sugar of Lead, Lae sulphur, Ac. It will
KF.STOKK THE COLOR
to Gray or Faded Hair It will PREVENT t lie Hair from
falling off. It will tend to
MAKE TIIE If AI It GROW.
MAKUFACTCRSD BT
EDWIX I. WAIt It EX,
.Apothecary,
IX BAY STATU HOUSE, WORCESTER.
To whom all orders should be addressed.
o3(l ~tl
1R FBN WOOD INS TI T Vl l
Si Mil oh from Boston,
OX TIIE lIOMTOX AMI MAIM R, It-
Ttds Institution is established for the reception ai«T
treatment of ptuletits suff ring from Msense or derange
ment of ihe nervous system, caused by vertaxing the
bruin, by too sedentary habits, or iho excessive or in
tudicum- use of alcoholic or liar .die stimulants.
The terms tor board and treatment t e fr«>m fIS to S3O
:»week, varying according to 'be accommodations re
quired for the patients, meases icquiring extraordi
nary care and attention, there will bu a proportionate
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed to me at Greenwood, Mass., or
at my office iu Boston, will tie immediately answered.
Patients are expecte-'to remain such length of time
as may b« deemed necessary.
Payments will Ite required i.i advance.
Boston Office—Rooms No. It Trcinont Temple. Offic
hours—lo a. m. to 2 o’clock i*. u.
ALULU f DAY, M. I).,
Superintendent and Physician.
Greenwood, Auf. 12* 1871. deopSSt oW
11 AH NESSES
BUFFALO ROBES!
LINED ANI) UNIJNED,
WOOL KOHLS!
HORSE lII.VXKETS!
(Hit INGLES is ml
WHIPS
A stock equal to any in the city, which wc arcaclli t
at Low Prices, at
LAMSON, GLAZIER CO.'S,
m .in 202, joi and 206 Mein st.
pEVEY’S DENTAL 800 Al 8.
A. FAIR OFFEB!
Artificial Teeth for Difficult Mouths!
X TRIAL WITHOUT I*RICK!
Tin? muni tlifflcul cases solicited. Those having tried
several times without Micee-s preferred. I desire t»»
make ftiic'i ii set liv mv new melhoil ot attaching plates
t «liffli*ult mouths, ami no expense will lie Incurred by
the applicant. Gil AS. K. PEVEY,
432 Main Bt., cor Pleasant. Worcester, Mass.
n 3 dtf
n O u S GO T H P BICES?
AT
PRENTIC&S MARKET,
44 Southbridge Street,
HVUTI.E ST.
KV Gall nnd examine meats and prices, and l»o con
vinced that the cheapest place to trade is at Ull9 market.
xi 3 dim*
gLASTIC SPONGE
MATTRESSES,
PILLOWS,
PEW CUSHIONS,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THE BALE OR POUND.
We invite the public to call and examine our “Elastic
Sponge" goods, which we are now se'ling in large quan
tities, and which arc giving great satisfaction.
Sponge makes a sorter Mattress than Hair, and will
hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushioning
Churches. Halls, Theatres. Steam and Horse Gars, it
wi I he found Hie best article in use, and is warranted
proof against mollis.
We should he pleased to send Circular of reference to
any who desire.
HALEY, MORSE CO.,
SOLE AGENTS FOR N. E. STATES.
411 Washington Street, Boston
118 ddtw4w
DOLLAK REWARD SOAP Washes
without rubbing; Removes Pitch, Tar. Paint
Urease, Sweat and Leather Stains, S-c.; Washes with
Motor Gold, Hard, Soft, or Salt Water; Saves Labor,
1 one. Pud. Clothes, and Money. Clothes wsehed with
it wear twice ns long as if washed with common soap.
One pound of it will wash irom ten 10 llitocn dozen
nieces of ordinary family washing, li washes the jiucst
lace without injury, ami renders all articles as clear ami
bright us new.
The Dollar Howard Soap!
Try it In the Bathroom; it leaves the skin cool, smooth
ami soil Use it to cleanse your Marble ornaments.
Mantels. Door steps, .fee., amt Brick Walks and Alleys.
Use ll wiih scourfng-brick in cleansing iron or steel; it
saves half ihe labor, and gives a better appearance. It
makes lin Ware shine like new, and has no equal iu
cleansing glass or china Dissolve In boiling water,
makes the best and cheapest Soft Soap in the world.
For sale h.v HOLDEN BROS., Worcester. dim
EP T EKBIK F, 18 71.
P. G. SKINNER SON,
Druggists,
I'KOFKIKTORS OF
Medical Hall, Estab. 1847.
430 .'Main St., cor. Pleasant,
HEALERS IN
Pure Drugs
aud all the PATENT MEDICINES In the market.
WINES AND LIQUORS far medicinal use—all war
ranted PURE ANU I'XADI'LIEKATED-
MOTT >.*£D
“A NIMBLE PE.YXY 18 BETTER
THAN A SLOW SIXPENCE.”
er We respectfully solicit a call.
P. G. SKINNER SON.
■1 <ur
I STEILKi KJf CE OFFICE',
ICOOIII X'o. 14, l»t Xnt. Kunk lluildins.
Property rented and rente collected. Houses, tene
ment?, shops, stores, and rooms obtained for those who
wish. Help obtained for general housework, and situa
tions fouul for D unestics ouihe most re»s nable terms.
n 4 dtial GREENWOOD A GO.
\v M |AK u O U Q r I S B,
Vs STIPIO UORKKK.
Centre Pieces made very low. Kepairh-g Alabaster in
Artistic Work. No 39 Thomas st., Worcester, Mass.
n 3 diw*
A Y AND STRA \V
C IIUH’E CANADA DA V,
KKIUIIT VA ESTKRY STJBAW
by the Car Load, Ton, or Single Bale.
Also. Oats, Meal, Feed, Ac., at No. 41 aldo S»t.
old No. 9.
iyS dtf W H, GAY A TO.
JJUTTEK BUTTER BUTTER
Received tb>9 day. 75 Tubs of
C HOICE VUKK STATE BI TTER!
Any person wishing choice tub of Butter, can be
supplied hv calling upon or addressing
y A. 1\ SPAULDING,
n g deop-it* 13 Gold st.
1 ESTABLISH ED 1N 1838!-—pTyOUNG,
Dealer in Fancy Goods, Toys, and Useful Articles
Umbrellas and Parasols Repaired. Finking in a num
ber .if styles stamping for Embroidery.
Agency of the French Dye House, of Boston. Goods
sem to the Dye Honse. on Fridays.
P ease observe the sign of "The Variety Store.” iio 226
Ma n street, nearly opp. site the Quuuigamood Bans
«ei*r
(PHICAGO
V-.' AMD THE
GREAT CONFLAGRATION'
A concise history es the pa*i of this most woi dcrrai
of cities, and adeta le .circuin-laitUaiau vi«i<l account
of Its lestruction by tire; w««U scenes, incidents, jic.
Bv Messrs. tOLBEftr A CHAMBEUL fMj Editor*
of'the (Chicago Tribune. Fully Illustrated from I hoto
graplu taken on the spot. Agents wante I. Address
Ct F. ENT,
»3 JAwlra 5S iluiray st„ New York.