OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE UNITED STATES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF NEW ORLEANS
NEW ORLEANS, DECEMBER 3, 1871.
THE DAILY REPUBLlt'Alfr
ia pnfetiibed ever; dev (Monday* excepted} *t Ho
M Gamp street. Terms: 6 to ft Venn 68 for six
month*; (4 for three months—payable invariably
in idYiiMK. Hinkle copies ten cent*.
Kates of Advertlalna:
.Sinara*.
One.....
Two....
Three...
four:...
five....
Six......
•even...
Bight....
Hlne......
Ten......
Haven...
Twelve..
Thirteen,
fourteen
fifteen..
Thirty...
1 mo.
2 mo*.
3 IB 08.
6 mo*.
12 mo*.
612m-t
622 net
630 net
6 50 net
675 net
22
38
60
SO
126
30
53
70
an
175
38
67
90
140
225
48
80
105
170
275
54
93
120
200
325
60
105
135
230
375
66
115
150
200
420
70
125
165
290
460
75
135
180

500
E0
145
195
350
540
85
155
210
380
580
90...
165
2W
410
620
95
175
230
430
660
lno
185
240
450
700
175
•330
450
750
1200
Monthly advertisement*. Inserted every other
Bay. to be charged two-thirds of the above rates.
Seoond page monthly advertisements, each square,
•Mper mouth.
Transient advertisement*, having the run of the
paper, first insertion iO per square; each subse
quent Insertion seventy-five cents per square.
Second page transient advertisements, each inser
tion 61 SO per square.
Advertisements inserted at intervals to be charged
aa new each insertion.
Begular advertisers, who advertise largely, will
ha allowed such discount from above named trun
Blent rates as may be agreed upon; provided, that
In bo case shall such discount exceed twenty-five
in eent.
AU business notice* of advertisement* to he
Sharced twenty cent* per line each inaertion.
THE WEEKLY REPUBLICAN
la published every Saturday morning, and oontain*
the new* by telegraph, miscellaneous reading, edi
torials, local matters of general public interest,
aommercial and monetary reports, and everything
that appears in the Daily, except such items as are
If little or no public moment. The WEEKLY RE
PUBLICAN is an excellent family paper, valuable
A* well for Instruction and amusement as informa
tion on the current topics of the day.
Terns of Subscription.
One year, 6*; six months. 62 50.
Advertisements.
Transient advertisements same terms as in the
Bally. Monthly advertisements inserted for one
lOurth of the daily rates.
A liberal commission allowed to those who send
BB olebs of five or more.
THE CHURCH AND STATE.
Thanksgiving Sermon Delivered by
Rev. J. C. Hartnell, of this City,
oa Thursday, November 36, 1871,
at the First Congregational Church.
After an appropriate introduction, Rev.
Mr. Hartzell spoke substantially as follows:
Render unto Ca-sar the things that are (Vsar'n.
and unto God the things that are God's.—M att.
22 21
THE CHCRCII AND THE STATE ARE DOTH
DIVINE IN THEIR ORIGIN.
None will question the divine origin of
the Church. In all ages God has had his
jtcople, and whatever has been the form of
the Church externally, her bond of union
has been perfect. Christ is the contempo
rary of all ages: and every child of God
has him for an elder brother.
Rut the divine origin of the State is ques
tioned. One theory is that the State is* but
the development of the family. It is true
that singly families combine' to form the
State, and that, in some respects, they are
analogous, but it is also true That the power
of the State transcends that of the family,
and the right of government is different in
each, and that the family must always be
subordinate to the State. Another theory
is that the State is but lorce organized, by
which the weak is made to submit to the
strong. This contradicts tue very idea of
the State for its bulwarks are law and free
dom. There is in mere force nothing that
can progress, and to say that it had its ori
gin in force is at once to transform the State
and her children into master and slaves.
The State has force, but it is the force of
righteousness, by which the world is to be
conquered.
Another theory is that the S'ate is the
outgrowth of a human impulse, just as the
cell of the bee or the dam of the beaver is
the result ot instinct. Rut this can not be
true, for the primal object of the State is
the subjection of human impulse to the
claims of justice and practical godliness. A
more popular thepry is that the State had
its origin in a social contract; that there
was a time when there was no organized
society, and men by a sort of conventional
movement formed the State. This theory
is based upon a historical fiction, and de
nies the truth that never was better stated
than by Aristotle when he declared that
"man by nature is apolitical being." The
rudiments of tbe State are in tiie nature of
man, and man Las liis development in the
the State. And again, man lia> no existence
apart from the State, and is always subject
to it. II the State has its origin in the
social contract, then its supremacy is a fic
tion and its continuance accidental.
Still another theory is that the State has
its origin in the sovereignty of the people
by which they have the right to rule. Rut
this theory robs the State of all sovereignty,
for the sovereignty of one company of men
is as perfect as that of another, so that the
merest caprice of the multitude becomes
law. All these theories have germsof truth.
Retween the State and the family there are
striking analogies: the State has' might and
force; patriotism is an instinct—a holy im
pulse of the soul; man's social nature gives
the ground work of all relations including
those ot the State, and the people have the
right to rule.
Rut in none of these has the State her
origin. Rack ot the family force, instinct,
social contracts and human sovereignty,
stands the Father and sovereign of all, and
the State has for its seed the fulfillment of
His purposes. The evidence' of this is
manifold. The State is an organic unit,
and therefore must proceed from the one
source of organic being. It is a perfect
unit, therefore must proceed from no part
of itself, but from a power outside of and
above itself. Plutarch says truly, "In mv
judgment, a city could be more easily built
without ground than a State without faith
in God." The State has a moral personality
which can only come from God. Its will is
recognized law. The will of no man or set
of men outside of the State is law; hence its
divine authority. This thought permeates
history. In Judea God ruled the people
directly. In Greece it was shaped in the
beginning of its history, in all its traditions,
and in the last words of its philosophy. In
Rome the relations of family and State
blended with.the religion. Am^thisreeogni
lion of the divine origin of the State was not
the offspring of superstition, but was
held the clearest when the nations were the
strongest. Among the Jews, under Solo
mon: among the Romans, under the Caesars;
auiKthe Greeks, under Pericles, the people
always associated the ideas of political or
ganization and spiritual devotion. "The
true symbol of the Stare is that of a city
with a«hundred gates, through which there
passes not only the course of industry and
trade, but the forms of poets and prophets
soldiers, sailors aud scholars—man, woman
anu child, in the upbrokeii procession ol'
the people. Its warrior bears the shield of
Achilles, on which there are uot only ti <r ure n
of the mart and sea anti field, the ij.om and
shop aud plow, but the houses ami temples
and shrines and altars of men." The State
is the minister of God in history in all
ages, reaching backward to the fathers and
forward to the children. No matter what
the age or the organized form of the State
or what the condition of the people, wher
ever the idea of the State has been realized
with it has lieen the idea of divine origin.
Aud when the loss of that idea has lea to
political atheism the inevitable result has
been political ruin. The voice of freedom,
the mighty voice of nations has not been
"the ruler is absolute," "the people is ab
solute," but it has been "God and the peo
ple." Tbe monarch, the President, the
constitutional assembly or the people rule
by the grace of God. lie gi^es the author
ity aud to him they are accountable.
THE CHURCH AND STATE. ONE IN ORIGIN,
AND GOT TO BB SEPARATE IN ORGANIZA
TION.
..Christ distinctly recognizes this.in ihe
words ot the text when he enjoins obe
cieuce to both Ca-sar and God. Neither is
the enemy of the other, but both are instru
ments of God for tbe development of the
divine purpose. Whatever of union there
is to lie must be one of results in tbe indi
vidual heart, and not of organization. If
history has proved anything it has shown
that separation of Church and State can
ahme promote the best interests of both.
The State loathes the patronizing Church,
but admire, and in the end bows in rever
ence to the conscientious Church. On the
other hand, the Church despises the State
that forces its conscience and loves the one
that protects its freedom.
Among the pagan nations, the affairs of
state and church were identical. Among
the Jews,.God ruled the jieople directly.
Rut the coming of Christ lifted the world
upon a higher plane, and prepared the wav
tor their separation. Hence His teachings
and those of the AnostJes. 'The first Christ
ians gave unlimited obedience to God, but
at the name time were subject to the powers
that were. When their duties as Chi is'iaus
and citizens conflicted, they did right and
took the consequences. Hence the early
persecutions, t nder Constantine the
heathen custom of combining church and
state was adopted, and then began the loss
ot spiritual power in the Christian church.
He was enqieror and pope. Ou his cross
were placed side by side the cross and the
sun-god. From this the church gravitated
to the other extreme, until, uuder Charle
magne, was attempted the universal Christ
ian monarchy, in which the words of tue
pope should be supreme. It was a success
tor the state and poperv, (jut, alas, for
church. She was scuttled of her virtue,
and well nigji shipwrecked in the midnight
gloom of superstition and error.
Hie Reformation proclaimed the coming
dawn. Luther, Calvin, Zuingle and others
were agreed that spiritual and secular af
fairs should be separate. Rut their views
were not carried out, and the churches of
the Reformation, to a greater or less extent,
became entangled with the State. Not until
the declaration of independence was made
was the absolute separation of church and
state made a fact in any part of the earth.
To that principle America is true to-day.
And as her influence has multiplied as a
rising political power, she has come to be
the minister of God iu ihe earth to perfect
the fundamental principle of the Reforma
tion. Her influence has rolled hack upon
the Old World, and gradually the nations
have fallen into line, until last of all came
priest-ridden Italy, aud to-day the temporal
power of the Pope is a thing of tlie past.
Nor is this all. The churches of the Kefoi mo
tion are seeking to disentangle themselves
completely from the State. The march of
religious freedom is onward. England will
soon have no established church. Germany
is agitated as never before. Russia seeks
to follow America. Spain and Mexico pro
claim religious toleration. And iu nearly
all nations tho gospel missionary pi eaclies
unmolested.
AS PIVINEmAaPPOINTED AND SEPARATE
POWERS, THE CHURCH AND STATE EACH
HAVE THEIR SPECIFIC DUTIES.
And, first, what are the duties of the
State It is the first duty of the State to
perpetuate her own existence. She exists
by divine right. Her* authority is backed
by the throne of justice. That* right and
authority may be, aud often have been
abused; but it would be subversive of all
government to deny their existence. The
remedy against tyranny is the right of rev
olution; but the right of revolution can
only be claimed upon the clearest reason.
Whatever the form of government, whether
it be alisolute or limited, monarchy or dem
ocratic, the strength of tiie State is pledged
to its own perpetuity. Foreign invasion
must be repelled, and armed treason at
Lome must be crushed out. It is the di
vinity of this right that makes patriotism
so holy a thing. No matter what age.
or in what elime it is, to love i
and sacrifice for one s country is sub- j
lime. Whether it be the 'Ethiopian j
imagining that God made liis deserts and i
sands, while only angels made the rest of the j
world; or the nation of an Asiastic isle I
weeping over a banana tree in Paris be-
cause it reminded him of his own land; or
the Maltese calling his native rock bound
island "the flower of the world;" or the
Javanese refusing to leavd the grave of his
fathers; or the Norwegian writing upon his
rix dollar "spirit. loyalty, valor, and what
ever is honorable let the world learn iu
Norway:" or the Esquimaux weeping, amid
the luxuries and refinement of other climes
for his ice hut and blubber oil; or Marcus
Curtuis, the Roman nobleman, riding full
armed ujion his war-horse into the chasm
of the Forum to save his country: or that
band that met death in the pass at Ther
mopylae or Mulligan, who dying for
country, said "Lay me down.*but save the
flag:'' or the Virginia drummer boy, who.
while he was dying, murmured tlie*words.
"Mother" and "Jesus," and then catching
sight of his country's emblem as ir passed,
exclaimed "Follow that flag." Whenever
wherever or however shown, patriotism is
holy and Christlike.
The second duty of the State is to develop
her internal resources. Land is to the State
what muscle is to the body: and commercial
enterprise and activity is to the laud what
brains are to muscle.
The third duty of the State is to guarantee
the rights of her citizens to them*without
distinction. The fundamental law of right
is: Re a person, and refqiect others as per
sons. Not until throughout the entire do
main of the State this law is respected and
enforced has the State done her fail autv.
The rights which the citizen has uuder the
State are natural rights. They are his, not by
the caprice of a political party or id the rul
ing power, but because the State was divine
ly appointed to the end that lie might have
those rights. The rights of the citizen are
civil and political. Civil rights are those iu
wriicli the citizen has protection: political
rights are those in whifli he realizes free
dom. Civil rights guarantee the protection
of life, liberty and property, which iu the ab
stract, means the protection of law. Political
rights guarantee citizenship; the advan
tages of the nation's property, tiie respect
of the individual person anil the recogni
tion and protection of all natural relations
such as those of the family. These rights
it is the duty of the State to secure to all.
including the very humblest of her children,
without respect to persons. To discriminate
is to jeopardize the life ol the State. The
real issue in the late war was just here.
Would the republic give to all her children
their civil and political rights? or should she
declare it to be her fundamental principle
that all men are born free and equal, and yet
permit millions to be enslaved. When the
ho
our of conflict came the issue was not
ho
our of conflict came the issue was not
fairly and squarely taken. Not until the
national life trembled in the balance did the
nation fully rouse, and then concentrating
her forces without regard to nationality or
face. She deserved triumph, or received it
at the hand of a just God.
The fourth duty of the State is to educate
her people. There is no greater em-mv to
the nation than ignorance, it is the
mother of superstition and superstition
subverts morality. Especially is edu
cation a necessity in' tiie* republic.
Where the will of one man is absolute, or
where a lew rule, the- mass may be ignorant
and tbe State live, but where the people
rule, and where the ultimate power of the
State constantly recurs to tiie individual
members of the nation, education is abso
lutely necessary. No thoughtful man can
close his eyes to the fact that the greatest
element of weakness in the American re
public is the deplorable ignorance of large
masses. The facts brought out by the last
census are startling. Millions ot' American
citizens can neither read nor write.
The State must educate as a means of
self preservation, aud because she is bound
to give the blessings of culture to her chil
dren. Aud no power within the nation can
rightfully usurp the place of the nation in
this work. The liap hazzard system of pri
vate schools is a failure, aud sectarian edu
cation has proven a still greater failure.
France is a good example. The State must
provide tor and superintend the education
of her children. Our common school sys
tem must be guarded against its foes and
increased in efficiency until the system shall
become national iu fact as well us mini*. I
speak the more earnestly on this point
because of the dangers that threaten
that system. Every Catholic priest is
its sworn enernv. Blinded prejudice in
many of our Southern States is crippling its
efiieiency. Catholic papers *speak in this
wise: "The secular school system is a
social cancer; shiver it to pieces; the sooner
it is destroyed the better; it will be a
glorious day for Catholics in this country
when tbe work is accomplishd; let the
common school school system go where it
came frejn-Hthe -devill'' In New Vbrk, Cin
cinnati, ana nearly all our great cities, the
FINANCIAL CONDITION OF THE CITY.
View* of Administrator 8hnw.
Administrator Shaw has furnished the re
porter of the Picayune the following addi
tional memoranda to the statements made
by him at the interview of Wednesday.
I have put down the debt of the city as
fellows
1. Consolidated loan......................65,641
2. Railroad loan........................... 3,489
5. Pontcliartraiu Railroad loan........... 123
4. Waterworks loan.....................'.. 1,393
5. One million loan........................ 207
6. Seven per cent loau, 1869............... 2,852
7. Seven per eent loan, 1870............... 3.000
8. Fink Asylum loan...................... 48
9. MeDonogh school loan................. 109
111. Jellerson City loan..................... 295
11. Wharf improvement loan.............. 880
12. Street improvement loan............. 79
18. Ten per eent loan, 1871................. 1,018
14. Sickles legacy.......................... 18
15. Five-eighths tax, to be allowed for fu
ture use.............................. ]52
18. Bank of New Orleans................... 300
17. Seven-:birties (new) and interest,
mostly for bine warrants............ ISO
18. Park, 1870............................... jg>4
19. Park. 1871.............................. j;{—
20. Deficit of 1871—an over estimate....... 5t:n
21. Balauce two million bonds it issued... 984
22. Diaiuagejudgments.................... 189
battle has begun, and the duty Of every
true American is plain: our common school
syctem must be protected against every
foe, and all the people must have the bene
fit of education, free from priestly dicta
tion or control.
The duties of the Church are three fold,
and may be summoned up in a single sen
tence: They are to preserve in its purity,
to interpret, and to preach to the world the
will of God to man. That will is written in
the books of nature and revelation.
WHILE THE CHURCH AND STATE EACH HAVE
DUTIES THAT ARE SPECIAL TO THEMSELVES
THEY ALSO HAVE DUTIES TO EACH OTHER.
It is the duty of the State to publicly
recognize God in his providential dealings
with the race, it is her duty to recognize
and give full protection to the church in her
specific work. The church must lie left un
t-rainmcled to carry on her work as the
spiritual adviser anil purifier of the world.
She wars to-day under different banners.
Her creed is variously stated: Her modes
of warfare differ. Rut the church of God is
one in her fundamental principles, in her
spirit and ultimate design. Now •what is
necessary for the final triumph of the
church is not bayonets and armies or politi
cal intrigue, but* it is freedom. Tho work
of the church is a spiritual work. To'al 621003 127
a r,'i 'ft how" much debt 'bas been
lies lnr power. 1 he Let don* that Ilia ,ie bv this administration Let us take
the church demands, and the tree- r i,» UB
dom which it is the duty of the State '.i -i, n i i
•ywww I«*rtif saf
,tee
the streets ot New York for hours, and then nm,. i i
permit Orangemen to be shot tor parading ]87(J J*^ cent b( nds c Accredit'
would p^ffiit theestabbshment of convents debt lolelv^U exiitfn V7
and nunneries, largely at the public ex- f^ 0 UDg dcbt soid a11 exl9tln S A I ,nl
the State to investigate. NoV the fro dom smtSe^
that would permit the destruction ot our I,,,
ii i*.*i a- i leu i» Jonoi-soa Citv: ol course. oI«i debt,
common school system, but tbe ireedom uu, riin #I X T
which Ihe State i.'in duty lean.,I to t-ive to jjjljjoo.nd ndtemJ t6o'm,'7Z£
&hiK' fisysrfc&iKSJS
pagan or infidel—not only the abstract right, t' ,.n i t
but perfect liberty to^state Lis religions creed j owg 01d J ven thirties Lid Rank of New
and recommend H toothers. And it must 0rlean8 certificates (ail old floating debt),
not be said, for it is not true that this free- $886,000, and schools #130,000, which latter
dom subverts all Church authority, it sub- wa9 uut a bad t at ,count The bonds were
verts no proper Church authority. It does iven on acc unt of tbo 4ailure ot 'J
denv the right ot any church to command 8cb) 0 l tax
the'secular arn. in its defense or the right Thirteen-Street improvement bonds,
of inflicting bodily pams tor difference of 79i000 for St barl 8 avellue pavi
religious views. And God he praised that I)ryadc8 street aud opening streets iuthe
in the onward march of freedom religious Third Dirtrict Xbi8 f 8 a 3 obt of tbis ad C
toleration is becoming universal, lhis ministration
principle now forms a part of the diplomacy Fourteen-Is Sickles' legacy, another
of nations. France says to China, "You 0 ld debt placed by us on the statement,
can have my mcndsh lP it the missionaries K ifteen-Is the five eighths over col
are protected. How glortous has been Jectj d Jt aI1 went int0 metropolitan war
the march ot religions freedom She has ralit9 but bhall al j ow for tbf; m elsewhere,
made no footpnnts hackwaid. Her loot- 1 put it down, therefore, as one of the debts
prints have been made under every variety j nc llrre d s
bf circumstances, but they have been on- six teen-\Ye owe tbis t tbe nank of
ward. Her footprints have been dampened New Orleans. I; is the result of the past
by the dews ot caves and dungeons; black- due coupoil8 ol previoll8 administrations,
ened by he charred ru: is of desolated pa;d out of onr current revenues, and. there
hornes, wet v\ ith the teais ol in n aud thou- j <ire _ rejireuts old debts,
sands; dlummed by tue angry gleam of the Seventeen-These were given mostly
victim s stake; crimsoned by the Wood of f„ r blue warrants and Mr. Roselius'drainage
many martyrs hull they have been on- j u agmcnts, all old claims,
ward, and today her greatest enemy in Eighteeu-Tbis was money used to re
civilized countries is bereft ol her power ir cit defitit> and must be charged as a
a "d the nations o: the earth are v.elcom.ng k bt intum d but rtdut ed bv fiS.OUO, which
ner glory. we are paving out of current revenues.
The duty of the state to tho church then Ralauce #161.000.
may be summed up in a siugle word, free- Nineteen—This is really a debt not in
dorn ourred by this administration. It i- sup
Ou the other hand, the duty of the church l'" se d by a fid ion of law to be received iu
to the state is to recognize it as of divine l ie two per cent collected, though it is not
origin, and not m any waytoabr.se her so received. \Ye can not, however, stand a
freedom by conniving at her institutions, it law suit on such a question,
is the duty of the church to educate the pub- Twenty—This I charge to the adminis
lie conscience. It may be said the State lias trution, though it is ail overcharge, but it
no conscience. This is a mistake. Each is better to be on the safe side,
nation is a moral organism, and iu her Twenty-one—It issued, is divided as fol
trausactions with other nations, ami with lows: #100,000 are reserved, by agreement,
its own people every act has its moral bear- j to await the deeision of the Coleman claims
ing. The law of nations as to mutual jus- I a ll 'l other registered bills of the floating
tice is as perfect as the law of individuals, j debt of j8o;i and 18. o in the Supreme Court.
And the work of the church is to educate t I. therefore, charge #881,100 to debt incurred
the public conscience. She is to do this by j by the Administrators. Rut against this
demanding purity of private character will stand to their credit, as near as can
among those who rule. She is to do this by j possibly be ascertained up to the end of the
supplementing the education of the State year, the metropolitan warrants aud apjiro
with moral instruction. She is to do priation certificates redeemed by the city,
this by bringing to bear the power of her j over and above the taxes collected for tin ir
appliances such as the pulpit, the Sabbath j account, making a credit ot #833,606. The
school and a sanctified press, upon the i deficit of five-eights ol one per cent out
people. She is to do this by boldly and ol the taxes collected did not prevent these
persistently fighting wickedness, whether warrants from being receivable. They thus
it be intrenched under the plam-ilulitv of j intercepted the taxes received for budget
legal license, or under the title of fashion. account or ordinary city expenses. Out of
or under the plea of policy—no matter j one and three-quarters received for city,
where it is, in public or privarc—the
power of tbe church should be burled
against it. Tiie public conscience is to tbe
ure of education. Men
o murder without com
lienee, and the public
look
praotic
j State 'vbat the individual conscience i
m.in. Ir n a t
may be educate
puuctions of
conscience may be educat
upon every form of public aud s,
with indifference.
It is the duty of the church to
educate the public conscience then
by denouncing sin, but she ma.-t
what she teaches. Compromise w
the part of the church is the greatest sin of
the age. There is m>. a crime that blackens
the lace of society to-day that has not sup
porters within the church of God. The rum
traffic is justified, licentioiisrn ss is legalized,
murder is winked at, bribery ami hand
pass current under the names of shrewd
ness and business skill; and, to sum it ai
up, the end is made to justify the means in
everything.
There is power enough iu tiie church of
God in America to-day to rise in ami lead a
reform that would master the worst public
or social vice among us, and it is her duty
to do it.
It is the duty of the church to make her
power felt iu the selections of those who
govern. Not to do this is to let the nation
be ruled by the rabble. The church is to
bring her power to bear, not as an organ
ization. but through her individual mem
bers. Recause a man is a Christian, Jie
ought therefore lie the better and wiser
politician. Rut the lamentable truth on
this point is that such is the deplorable con
dition of American politics that a conscien
tious man can rarely succeed.
In conclusion, 1 have but two remarks to
make:
First—He who accepts a place of trust in
the State should remem tier that he is the
representative of God in the interests of the
people.
Second—The individual member of the
church should as conscientiously attend to
his duties as a politician as he does his
duties as a Christian. Where either must
give way, he must lie a Christian first. Rut
duties never conflict, aud no one is more
binding than another. A Christian should
no more neglect the meetings where our
rulers arc selected than he should neglect
his prayer meeting.
Frederick W. Beetson, late of No.
Waverly place, New York, owned a favorite
dog, and about three weeks ago. while play
ing with him, the brute licked his lips.
The same night the dog exhibited symp
toms of being rabid, aud, continuing to
grow worse, was killed with poison three
days subsequently. Two weeks ago Mr.
Beetson complained of great pain iu liis
head, had great horror of water, showed
fear to an unusual degree, aud was s- ized
with spasms ou drinking. A doctor was
called to see Mr. Beetson about ten nays
ago, and learning the history of the ease,
administered the proper antidotes, w ithout
success, as death ensued on Friday.
The Ilacine Journal is willing to swear to
the following:
The other day a father and sou were
dressing a hog. the father doing the chop
ping. By a uiisstroke, instead of splitting
tiie hog open, lie split his sou's hand. In
explaining how it happened to the doctor,
the father exclaimed "I can not tell a
lie, doctor, indeed I can not. I did it with
my little hatchet." The son was deeply
moved, and was heard to remark that he
"had rather have such a father than a whole
slaughterhouse full of dead hogs."
A highwayman named Baliaud, confined
in Newgate Prison, London, sent for a sol
icitor to know how he could defer his trial,
and was answered: i"By getting an apothe
cary to make an affidavit of his illness."
This was accordingly done in the following
manner: "The deponent verily believes
that if the said J. Balland is obliged to take
his trial at the ensuing session, lie will be
in imminent danger of his life." To which
the learned judge on the bench answered,
that he very believed sc too. The trial was
ordered to proceed immediately.
only the interest money in a large number
ot cases could he got iu cash; the balance
had to be taken in Metropolitan warrants.
1 he assessments of the past Metropolitan
y<-ar. including the thirty percent reassess
ment, were over a million. About #806,ooo
was the regular annual assessment, lint 1
think they economized #76.000 ou that. The
balance had to be taken up by the city. For
Metropolitan account ouiv #070,000 have
been collected; so the city had to lose.
Number twenty-two is* the last. It is an
old debt of tho city for which the Hoards of
Drainage Commissioners obtained a judg
ment, and it lias now to be recognized in
favor of the Mississippi aud .Mexican Gulf
Canal Company l'or work.
Now let us sum up:
The city must be redited for extinguish
ing consolidated debt................ $?n.oflA
Old ten percents......................... 74.5.300
Metropolitan obligations.................. 83;t,b06
.............$2,220,906
1 as follows
6680.000
..........152,038
104,0011
i Total...................
j And it must be char.
'Vliarf Bonds......................
I Street improvement bonds........
Five-eighth taxes overpaid.........
Park.............................
1 Balance of tell p<-r cent i>ond9 not
I sued..................
Deficit, 1671........................
Total...................................62.429.083
The ditlerenee is....................... 158,177
So the Administrators have run up a debt
ot #108,177 greater than what they have
sunk ol previous debt or of accounts en
countered outside of their budget, and lor
which they had no power to levy taxes. Rut
they have new wharves costing #660.000.
and numerous other permanent improve
ments I have not taken time to specify. My
best accountants are overtaxed with labor,
and I can not call on them momentarily for
verified official statements, but I shall do
so as fast as possible; and if in these rapidly
prepared memoranda I am not within the
mark. I shall promptly acknowledge it.
The truth is all I wish or need to establish.
A Washington special to the Louisville
Ledger says:
It has been ascertained tbftt there is no
diversity of opinion in the Finance Com
mittee as to the abolition of the income tax.
They will agree to sweep away ali the in
ternal revenue taxes, except on whiskies,
beer, tobacco and stamps, provided that the
new Committee on Ways and Means, on the
part of the House, will take the initiative,
and first report hills on these subjects to
that body.
A.proniinent Representative lias requested
that the 'Treasury Department furnish to
him a complete list of all money lost by de
falcation, embezzlement and o*ther irregu
larities, since the present administration
came into power. The Secretary of the
Treasury, acting upon this hint, has issued
instructions that tiie account of every dis
bursing officer under the government be
made iq> prior to the assembling ot Con
"Sarali, have any of those mischievous
children been playing with the piano while
I have been out of town Some of the keys
w on't sound at all." Sarah—"Please mum,
I don't know anything about it: leastwise.
Master Tom said there was something wrong
with it. which he was sure there was a
mouse iu i f So he got Joe to hold up tbe
cover while he put the dog and cat into it;
but instead of catehin' the mouse, mum,
they took to fightin', and did make such a
noise among the wires—so, maybe, mum,
the mouse is in there still, mum."
While putting a prisoner into a bath at
the Charlestown (Massachusetts) State
Prison, a few days ago. the officers found a
leather belt around his waist, filled with
sharp-pointed steel nails, which penetrated
his flesh au eighth oil an inch, and had
lacerated his sides and back, lie offered
no explanation of this freak, but it is sup
posed that he was doing penance, as he
pretends to be very devout.
Silk costumes trimmed with chinchilla or
grebe are considered the most elegant cos
tumes for carriage and receptions.
NKW BOOKS.
Rose. Tom and Ned —the first of the Rose
Dale books. Easy reading for little ones
R.y Mrs. D. 1*. Sanford. Published -by
Dutton St Co., New York city, and for
sale by J. A. Gresham, No. 92 Camp street,
New Orleans.
This is is a charming little book for young
folks, and will make an appropriate present
for birthdays and holidays. Neatly printed
on tinted paper and bound in maroon cloth
gilt. Illustrated with numerous cuts.
My Winter in;Cuba. By W. M. L. Jay
author of "Shiloh." Publishers: Dutton
Co. For sale by Gresham.
A very well written sketch of the social
life of tho Cubans, by one who has evi.
dently been among them.
Southern Voices. A poem. Ry Dr. W,
II. Holcomb. For sale at Gresham's.
Y\ e have introduced this little volume to
the public after a hasty review of the ad
vanced sheets. While there is littleornone
of the poetic fire of the doctor's little eon
nets, and some of his sentiments are weak,
not strictly in good taste, he may be com
mended for the purity and simplicity of his
language.
Miss Columbia's Public School; or, Will
It Rlow Over? Ry A. Cosmopolitan,
with seventy-two original illustrations by
Thomas Nast, artist of Harper's Weekly,
84 pp. Francis R. Felt St Co., publishers.
New York. Illustrated paper cover, 30
cents; bound iu cloth. #1.
This book is entitled to a wide circulation
It should be thoughtfully read by all classes
as the question discussed in its pages is of
vital importance to every man and woman
in the United States, involving, as it does
their religious and political liberties. The
characteristic interpretation which Mr
Nast s inimitable pent-il has given to the
matter, needs no other recommendation
than the fact that the illustrations are fully
equal to those which have won for him a
world wide renown as the champion of re
igious and political liberty, in the pages of
Harper's Weekly.
Awards at the State Fair.
DEPARTMENT A E. M. RUSH A, SUPERIN
TENDENT.
Rest barrel of rice cleaned from a Lou
isiana mill. Perseverance Rice Mill, Sieward
St Kip. diploma.
Second best barrel cleaned rice from a
Louisiana mill, Perseverance Rice Mill,
Sieward Kip, silver medal.
Rest barrel cleaned rice from any mill in
Louisiana, Sieward St Kip, twenty-live dol
lars.
Best six stalks of sugar cane from a crop
of not less than ten acres, Old Hickory
Plantation, silver medal.
Rest barrel of broom corn, not less than
one hundred nud fifty pounds, T. liasbach,
silver medal.
Rest barrel of sweet potatoes grown in
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama or Texas,
Jean Dubos, five dollars.
Rest and most profitable pea for farm or
garden u>e, S>. T. Goodwyn, premium
recommended.
Rest and most prolific beans grown in the
Southern States, W. S. Lovell, premium
recommended.
Rest barrel of wheat flour, R. A. Perdro
ville, for William Tideman Co., Cape
Girardeau, diploma.
Rest barrel of wheat flour, Glover «Sc
Odendalil. for Estell Weinhold Co., Wit
unlmrg. Missouri, bronze medal.
Rest kiln-dried corn meal, William Mc
Diitl, for Crescent City Mills, silver medal.
Rest starch, ose Brothers, premium re
eommendud.
Rest biscuits, not less than one dozen,
baked with royal baking powder, S. Wymar,
fifteen dollars.
Rest pound cake, baked with same, Miss
Erelive A. Waldo, fifteen dollars.
Rest four loaves baker®' bread, Ulrich
Zachy, diploma.
Rest pilot bread made in the United States,
Mrs. Margaret Ilaughery, silver Kedah
Rest soda biscuits and butter crackers
made in the United States, Mrs. Margaret
Ilaughery, bronze medal.
Rest eraeknell biscuit made in the United
States, Mrs. Margaret Ilaughery, bronze
medal.
Rest assortment ot Louisiana biscuits,
crackers, cakes, plain and ornamental from
a baker, Mrs. Margaret Ilaughery, ten dol
lars.
Rest two loaves domestic wheat bread, S.
Wymar, bronze medal.
Best beefsteak rolls, Paul Ilaller, fancy
cup.
Rest pone corn bread. Miss Theresa Gold
ing. silver thimble.
Rest specimen of cheese made in the
United States. George W. Tait A Co.. New
irleans. for E. C. Blackman Co., Solon.
Ohio, silver medal.
Rest and largest cheese made in the United
States, George W. Tait Co.. New Orleans,
for E. C. Blackman A: Co., Solon, Ohio,
premium recommended.
Rest plain pound cake, Miss M. Smith,
premium recommended.
Rest display of pears, Walter Seaton, Pass
Christian, Mississippi: rive dollars.
Rest display of apples, A. G. Gibson. Ten
sas. Louisiana; live dollars.
Rest display of quinces, P. Ilacket, Baton
Rouge; five dollars.
Rest display of sweet oranges, Tramon
tana A Co., New Orleans, bronze medal.
Rest Mandarin oranges, Tramontana, A
Co.. New Orleans, silver medal.
Rest and largest display of fruit, Tramon
tana A Co., premium recommended. The
display made by this firm was of a most
superior character, and altogether no less
than five premiums were awarded them.
Best display of sweet potatoes, W. F.
Miller. Nicholia plantation, Catahoula par
ish, three dollars.
Best quarter peck of carrots, John Men
ard, three dollars.
Best quarter peck of beets, John Menard,
three dollars.
Best quarter peck of tomatoes, John
Menard, three dollars.
Best four heads of cabbage, John Menard,
four dollars.
Best six heads of celery, John Menard,
five dollars.
Best two bunches of leeks, John Menard,
three dollars.
Best and largest variety of vegetables,
John Menard, ten dollars.
Best pumpkin, John Menard, ten dollars.
Best and largest variety of red pepper,
John F. Bremer, premium* recommended.
DEPARTMENT E—N. E. BAILEY, SUPERIN
TENDENT.
Best cotton chopper, Louisville Agricul
tural Works, silver medal.
Best ditching machine, E. J. Brown, Car
roll parish. Louisiana, silver medal.
Best garden seed drill, D G. Bustumente,
Mississippi, premium to be awarded by
Board of Directors.
Best mowing machine, W. L. Cushing,
diploma.
Best riding iiorse rake, B. J. West.
_ Best hay press for plantation, W. L.
Cushing, Ingersoll press, diploma.
Best hand plantation cotton press, J. M.
A\ illiams. New Works press, diploma.
Best potato digger, R. F. Avery A Son,
bronze medal.
Rest plantation wagon, James A Boosa,
Memphis, Tennessee, diploma.
Rest corn slieller, William L. Cushing,
silver medal.
Rest hand mowing machine, D. G. Bustu
ineute, silver medal.
Rest rice thresher, II. II. Emery, diploma.
Rest steam power plantation cotton press,
J. \Y Harrison A Co., honorable mention.
Rest one horse mowing machine, W. L.
Cushing, lor W. A. Wood, honorable men
tion.
Best practical steam machine for making
levees, E. J. Rrown, Carroll parish, Louis
iana, diploma.
Rest sugar mill, Geddes, Shakespcar A
Co., New Orleans, diploma.
Rest arrangement of evaporating pans
for making sugar, W. L. Cushing, gold
medal.
Rest centrifugal machine for draining
sugar, Geddes, Shakespear A Co., diploma.
Rest sugar kettles, W. L. Cushing,
diploma.
Rest gin for Sea Island cotton. J. R.
Knight, diploma.
Rest sandcr and duster tor cotton, II.
Dudley Coleman, diploma.
Rest machine for draining lands, W. L.
Cushing, diploma.
A
j Best portable evaporator, W. L. Cushing,
recommended for premium.
Best cloth strip bristles, A. P. Pcyronx,
recommended for premium.
Best horse power sugar mills (three), B.
J. West, recommended for premium.
Best horse power sugar mills, display, B,
J. West, recommended for premium.
DEPARTMENT E—N. E. BAILEY, SUPERIN
TENDENT.
Sawmill, W. L. Cushing, silver medal.
Second best saw mill, Griffith Wedge,
gold medal.
Circular saw, W. L. Cushing, diploma.
Circular saw, with inserted teeth, J. B.
Knight St Co., diploma.
Straight or upright saw, W. L. Cushing,
diploma.
Crosscut saw, W. L. Cushing, for Wood
rqugh McParli, diploma.
Saw gummer, C. S. Hunt Co., diploma.
Railway cut-oil saw, W. L. Cushing, Sam.
Bodley, diploma.
Lath sawing machine, W. L. Cushing,
Sam. Bodley, diploma.
Sawmill lleadblocks, W. L. Cushing, Sam.
Bodley, diploma.
Shingle machine, G. T. Rawlc. diploma.
Belting of leather, Horter, Peterson >fe
Fenner, silver medal.
Belting ol rubber, Hotter, Peterson St
Fenner.
Lace leather, W. L. Cushing, bronze
medal.
Drag saw, C. S. Hunt St Co., diploma.
Plantation sawmill, Lane A- Bodley,
diploma.
Hand sawmill and scroll, W. L. Cushing,
premium recommended.
Rand saving machine, W. L. Cushing, J.
A. Taylor, money.
Tonguiug and groving machine, W. L.
Cushing, Lane St Bodley, diploma.
Surface dresser, W. L. Cushing, J. A. Fay
A Co., diploma.
Molding machine, W. L. Cushing, J. A.
Fay St Co., diploma.
iMind slab machine, W. L. Cushing, J. A.
Fay A: Co., diploma.
'J'emning machine, W. L. Cushing, J. A.
Fay A: Co., diploma.
Morticing machine, W. L. Cushing, J. A.
Fay A: Co., diploma.
Turning, regular and irregular, W. L.
Cushing, J. A. Fay St Co., diploma.
Foot morticer, W. L. Cushing, J. A. Fay
W<
St Co., premium recommended.
Mattress making machine, Watson St
Shields, premium recommended.
Lathe for universal turning and screw
cutting. E. A. Tyler, premium recom
mended.
Hoop and splint machine, W. L. Cushing,
premium recommended.
Adjustable morticing machine, premium
recommended.
Largest display of wood working ma
chinery. J. A. Fay St Co., premium recom
mended.
CLASS o —FARM AND PLANTATION IMPLE
MKNTS.
Mower and reaper combined, B. J. West
for E. Bali A Co., diploma.
Power plantation cotton press, W. H.
Reynolds, diploma.
Fruit dryer, D. G. Bustumente. bronze
medal.
Horse power, C S. Hunt At Co., diploma.
Hand pump, James N. (^uin, bronze
medal.
Jack for raising weights, C. S. Hunt At
Co., silver medal.
Pi-a dropper. J. N. Burton, bronze medal.
Churn, W. C. Sheppard A. Co., bronze
medal.
Hand cultivator, Louisville Agricultural
'oiks, bronze medal.
Hominy mill. D. G. Bustumente, diploma.
Drove well, W. P. Smith, silver medal.
Drove well materials, W. P. Smith, hon
orable mention.
Combined garden implement. W. T. Trarn
ne!. rteoiumended for premium.
Handle for garden implements, A. A. Por
ter. premium recommended.
Hand fire aud suction pump, .McIntyre St
Applegate, silver medal.
Clothes washing machine, J. W. Falls A
Co Grand Prairie, silver medal.
Clothes wringer, D. P. Perrv, silver
medal.
Ironing machine, J. W. Falls A Co.J sil
er medal.
ool washer, J. H. Henry, silver medal
Clothes washer, wi'h boner complete, J.
II. Henry, premium recommended.
Paint mill. W. L. Cnshing, silver medal.
Portable flour mill, W. L. Cushing.
Portable corn mill, II. Dudley Coleman.
Portable gas machine, Pelican Gaslight
Company, silver medal.
Cotton seed liuiler. Diamond Mill Com
iny. Cincinnati, Ohio, diploma.
Machine for purifying water for steam
boilers, illiam L. Cushing, Armstrong's
item, silver medal.
Regulator for gas meter, J. W. Thomas,
euiiuni recommended.
Stewing apparatus, Dr. E. J. Diur, pre
mium recommended.
Water mixer, D. G. Mistawk. honorable
mention.
Dissolution of ihc Democratic Party,
Ihe St. Louis Democrat has a Chicago dis
patch on which it comments as follows:
Our telegraph dispatches contain the let
ter of Mr. George H. Parker, a leading
Democrat of Iowa, in favor of the iminedC
ate disbandment and dissolution of the
Democratic party. Mr. Parker made a
desperate attempt, a few years ago, to
Johnsomze the Deinacracy. and for his
trouble ho was, we believe, appointed by A.
J. Collector of Customs at Chic ago. lie is
a good party manager, probably one of the
most successful in the Northwest, and liis
letter will have great influence. It seems
cruel, however, not to let the poor old
Democratic party die in peace. There is no
use -in jumping at it all at once aud ham
mering the few remaing breaths out of it.
This is the dispatch referred to:
Chicago, November 23.—Hon. George II.
Parker, a leading Democrat of Davenport,
Iowa, addressed the. following letter to the
Chicago Times, which appeared iu that
journal this morning:
Hat ing iaitliliilly served as a member of
the Democratic organization for over twen
ty j ears, and still having the fullest confi
dence iu the cardinal principles of that
party, I am impelled to declare mv convic
tion that the organization has outlived its
usefulness, and that it is the duty of Demo
crats to openly acknowledge that the Demo
cratic party is dead. All efforts at depart
ure or to galvanize it into life have proved
a failure. The prestige of its general policy
or rather the lack ol policy, during the war
will cling to it and prevent success no
matter how much we may become purified
by a change ot heart. The result of the
recent elections is sufficient proof of this
fact. We can organize by forming some
integral qart of a new party, and probably
resurrect our principles. *R.it the bodV
must be buried, and the stench of its putrid
remains removed from the public uostrils.
1 he present is the proper emergency to test
tin? patriotism ot members of the Demo
cratic party. If we love our country better
than we do onr party, abandon the organi
zotum and unite with patriots, disregarding
political antecedents, and we mav reasona
s--, lor a c,liln «e of administration in
tll:4t 'y, l!1 protect and guarantee equal
lights to all sectu ns of our common coim
tiy. centralized power will vanish; the
war will soon be forgotten, and our country
again be peaceful, prosperous ami happy
_ george h. parkeu!
l>a\enport, Iowa, -NovoiubHr 1871
A curious fact is related TTthe Maine
n dchoppers w ho, in the winter months
nbile felling trees amid snow and ice, can
not wear close-fitting boots, but very ar^e
sizes, that allow their feet to slin i
fro, thus causing friction imf I.
Rut from this they have their feet coin
pletelv lucrusted with corns. I n the snH "r
when they raft down their s they dom,?
change their clothing or boots KS not
unnl them arrival at the sawmill" au
while
au
while their feet have been satur .to.i
water, and when the boots are removed V"
corns lull off like nut s hells f rom 7he kermd!
A foreign correspondent writes-
niumst woman was sentenced to l A w
She was taken out and stationed*^. I' 5 f,h t
wall, a large crowd of street people^eatl?
ered around to witness tiie eve,.,,*? 1
as the soldiers were about to tire she raised
her hands with the words. *Un instant
soldiers paused. The woman had on a good
outeivgarment; this she took ofl, and slrini
a woman in the crmc.l
her and said, "Take this- it isVr,ii^ V
good clothes.' Then she returned to ffir
place and was shot. Such was the sel
A crsailles in dealing with a fallen f^° PB
That Little fipeeek'.
!Fu> n the Iberville News.]
The small, long voice of Louisiana has
obtained a hearing on the floor of Congress.
After repeated fruitless efforts by her rep
resentatives, to bring her peculiar griev
ances before that august body, her clainrte
the wardship of the nation, which had never
been seriously controverted, has been re
luctantly conceded. That the vandalism
of the Father of Waters, frolicking capri
ciously over her entire extent, and opening
a highway from the lakes to the gulf, en
titles her to subsidiary consideration, kaa
never been gainsayed by the most phleg
matic advocate of public retrenchment. Rut,
while the most specious scheme at a more
northern point, has preference to one in
which the vital interests of a sover
eign State are presented, the agricul
tural and industrial resources of Louisianu
must languish or be fostered and developed
by her own people. The Congress which
refused lo defray the expenses of a commit
tee which it grudgingly appointed, to in
spect end report the condition of our levees,
is not composed of men who will ever open
the public purse in aid of any Southern un
dertaking. And if we would be exempt
from the recurrence of those ruinous period
ical overflows and crevasses which, with a
steady menace, are paralyzing our State
spirit, the inspiration of a common interest
will place abundant means for the common
task in our own willing bands. And long
belore a red-tape committee shall submit
its report, tbe walling of tbe Mississippi
shall be a monument to the energy and
State pride of Louisiana's chivalrous plant
ere.
Upon an occasion so well calculated to
awaken public interest, such as the arrival
of a Congressional delegation, bearing glad
tidings, the painful apathy of our leading
men was very marked. In a scramble for
sortie paltry'public office, leaders loom np
on every band whose patriotism is as hollow
as it is loud, and who while tbe incentive of
gain is held out, and no longer, are ready
to do yeoman service. Bnt at that little
dinner on board the Wilderness, there was
one who was present irom a high sense of
duty, and by whom tbe State of Louisiana
was faithfully and ablyrepresented. Al
ways bold anil always right, he fearlessly
told the committee hia opinion of them, of
those who sent them, and of their mission,
lie said he looked for neither justice nor
liberality from a Congress, whose munificent
provision for a "Kn-Klux" committee was
in such striking contrast with its parsi
monious treatment of a commission of in
quiry. The moment was an auspicious one
for bringing the Mississippi question fully
before the country. And that little speech
of Governor Warmoth, full of the pathos oi
honest indignation, shall be re-echoed from
the hill-sides of New England to the slopes
of the Pacific, before the committee to
which it was addressed shall reach the cap
ital of tbe nation. His just impalement of,
a Congress whose Southern reconstruction
policy consists mainly in penal enactments,
and which, while endowing a village saw
mill, ignores the physical characteristics of
tbe country, shall produce abundant fruit,
while the common-place report of a commis
sion appointed in bad faith shall not merit
a consideration.
The people of Louisiana have no iittlo
reason to be proud of their gifted and in
trepid executive. For every day furnishes
a new guarantee, in his unfaltering energy
and zeal, that the ship of state shall Id
steered aright while Henry Clay Warmoth
stands at the helm. Possessing wisdom be
yond his years, and resembling in force of
character the prominent men otTtlie early
days of the republic, he is eminently quali
fied for a ruler. Let-others bend the knee
to those who were born great, and others
yet offer incense to those who had greatness
thrust upon them; we confess our prefer
ence for those who are truly great, and re
serve an admiration for those who achieve
greatness, aud who from an ungenerous
world win a shining name.
Rights of a Colored Man.
(Boston Correspondence of the New York San.
The case of the Rev. Alexander EJim
against the Naragansett Steamship Com
pany for alleged ill treatment while a pas
senger on the steamer Providence, which
bas been pending tor some days, has been
decided in favor of the plaiutiif. The jury
gave a verdict against the company, and
assessed the damages at $100. In view of
e testimony elicited at the trial, this ver
dict is a singular one. The following are
the circumstances as sworn to by the omcere
ot the company, and not denied iu toto by
the plaintiff:
Mr. Eilis, who is a colored man, secured
passage on the Providence in June last from
New \otk to Fall river. When supper was
announced he went into tbe diningroom and
seated himself at a small table reserved for
the use of the captain, officers of the boat
and such others as the former might invito
to sit with him. The chairs at this table
were turned to show that it was so reserved.
Without speaking to any one, Mr. Ellis
turned down one of the chairs and seated
himself.
The head waiter, himself a colored mac,
at once went to Mr. Ellis and politely told
him that the table was private, and asked
him to take a seat at one of the publio
tables. Mr. Ellis refused to do so, saying
that the seat was good enough for him.
The head waiter then went for the stew
ard, Mr Mood, who came and repeated
the request that Mr. Ellis would change his
seat.
So far the testimony agrees on both sides.
Here, however, Mr. Ellis swears that the
steward insulted him by calling him a
"d—d nigger," etc., saying that if he didn't
change his seat he would put him out of the
cabin. Mr. Wood denies this, and says
that although Mr. Ellis' refusal to take an
other seat was aggravating, he restrained
from expressing his mind. He went
turuughtothe cnief mate aud stated tho
case, who came down sailor-like and sailed
into the Rev. Ellis in true forecastle style.
He, however, made no demonstration;*
neither did he lay hands on the colored
man, as Mr. Ellis alleges.
3 he case stood thus when Captain Siui
mons came on the 6cene and settled the
Uifliculty by ordering the steward to allow
the reverend and obstinate gentleman to sit
there just as long as he pleased, but to give
him nothing to eat until he would obey the
regulations of the boat. Mr. Ellis sat there
for nearly two hours, when, finding that he
T-thin 0 S 8U1,perleS8 ke got up ami left tho
1 J h Vir 1 T aS Portly after this,
fcU ^aiming $5000 damages, and
alter several postponements, has at last
coimvmv L d the c^fgyman's favor. The
andWo^f "PPeate* frwm tbe verdict,
and Colonel Fisk says he will carry it to
fbre l.'e P win e C U 7 f l he United States be
lle f L Pa 'T tb -ludguieut. It is proba
trui/ tn.ffi at e i l0r Ir :iil8 ca8c that the
tnal took place iu this city. Iloston i-»
Mu°h a a bly tbe <ml v Fi l v 111 the country where
8 ,i Pj rdlct C0U 1J have been procured on
such evidence as was presented to the jury.
V, too much to say that if the Rev.
never^un*^ 8 Lad been a white man he
ue\tr would have got one cent damages.
Important Decision.
This is a special to the St. Louis Dc.ao-.
erut:.
Y\ ashingtox, D. C\. November 27.— A
decision ot considerable importance to alt
persons who have purchased real estate iii
Die South uuder.the sales of the same bv
the federal government for taxes, was de
cideil in the Superior Court of the United
Mates to-day. on appeal from a claimant
whose laud had been sold by the federal
tax commissioners under ihe'act of ISO"
and a deed given by two of the three com'
missioners who
missioners who were authorized to sell Two
questions were involved, the validity of tho
law and the validity of the deed. The court
sustained both and held s tl.« a .n° 01lrt
made bv a public act, it was^ entL" °co"
convev 1 a 1 1hie*
V v a tltle Tb e natural cfiect of this
Jbe laSda*'fef.i? I 1 tbe P'^t owners of
fee 81UJ ple in the same. A -mod
J at n r™ P r H y re x?- rds tbat a nice young
urted ht I5ay Wis consin, was'being
urteu by a nice young nrm ITh ww
of eb '"o -T 1 and "ede her presents
ot* ---—7 uj<uie ner presents
store nf ii' W lC i h be J^liased from tbo
vino 4 atber °i his adored. After
J r 'wue. twenty bottles ot the olea
m a^, U,d Le '"covered he was working
she retn* 3 t 8 if aSt a8 be Presented them
them to the store, thus duti
fully making trade for her father.