GOVERNOR HOFFMAN.
Has (he Governor Declared Against
the Democratic Party?
The Sensation the Stutrmrot Made, What Was
Said Abont It and now the Demo
era Is Took It.
THE GOVERNOR'S SECRETARY'S VIEWS.
The statement made by an Albany correspondent
in one ot the evening papers on Monday, and wtlrb
was republished in several of the morning papers
yesterday, to the effect that Governor Hoffman had
turned bis back on the democratic party as a party,
and had determined to throw the lull weight of his
Influence into the political scale in favor of a "new j
party," created a decided sensation in the city.
The wire-pulling politicians of tne various
factions, who, despite every effort made to conceal
the fact, are secretly working azalnst one
another, while claiming to be solely in the interest
of a general reformation of the democratic party,
were astounded at the report, and lu localities
where the "posttivists" and the other "Ists" are
wont to congregate the hubbub was Incessant, tho
consternation universal. It is true that the Gover
nor was known to be
AN INYETKRATE HNKMY
of tne men who are responsible lor having saddled
the frauds on Ihe city, and that ever since the 12th of
July, when he openly made war against the clique
which had endeavored to conciliate a certain voting
population in the city by yielding to the demands of
me mob, he rotusea to have auything more to do
with the -lling" leaders; bat even the most san
guine of the "new departures" have had no sus
picion whatever of the Governor's ever "weaken
ing" as a good democrat, ue certainly lost a great
many iriends by standing by, or rather not
coming out against tne men with whom
he had been associated politically tor so
long a time; bnt the rerorm democrats,
and, in fact, all good democrats who
were enemies to corruption, yet unwilling that the
democratic party should be put underfoot solely on
account 01 certain bad members of it, have all along
considered him, through good and ill report, to be
Just the mau to lead tne party on to victory, once it
was shorn of all us bad elements. To this class,
then, the unqualified statement that the Governor
had given it as hU opinion that the democratic
party wan a thing ol the past, that the cornse
?!l0U"j P?t."ow be dug uo to trouble the dream of
fit m".ds and urn"" Um* ?eea 113 btead*
THE ONLY HOPE 1'OR THE KCTTRE
as against the administration party as represented
Ilf ,n,euei1,11 l;rant? was for good men of all parties
with an'ih!i'b.r?i4<JfIOrni ^new struck home
with all the force of a sudden misfortune. Hut tne
extremist,-, alone expressed their disgust. The dem
ocrats who can see ahead inrther th?n i
A^M.,1 nJ'8e: ua>" w,,? caan(>t blinded to
actual facts by having dust tuiown in
their eves, at first shrugged their shoulders with
o?n'r oe helped" sort of expression on
their countenances when iney he.ird of the report i
ana Uiiuity caiuo to iiio conclusion mat aier ail lUo i
Governor was rignt, and that tho only hope the
democrats had for the luture was to break up their
old party lines and make common cause with tho I
conservatives agniual the party lu power, luueed.
the stand me Governor had taken, accoiding li
report, was the chief topic ol conversation on ihe
streets aud iu the barrooms, as well as at the various
Slaces where the politicians uio.-t do eougreuute.
owavor, there seemed 10 be amoai nun 01 all
parties a genera, unwillingness to pu niuoh faun
In the report, although it seemingly t ore upon Its
a,a?P o; iruthfulnesa. I do uotTueve
well-known reformer to an extreme
8|f'Ped meir toddy toge:her at
1 millionico s lust evening. "I do 1101 believe it is
tine, for the reason that it is now t< o soon lor the
big men in the democrauo partv to come out lor a
new paity at the same nine that: tiey ceclare ihe
democrauo party gone to the doas, and iou know
HOKKMAN 18 A SLY lKLLOW.
ne can tell as qutck as the next umn which way
the popular wind is blowing, aud knows Jnat when
aud how to tr.m Uts ^lls lo suit the breeze- but I
toll you what it is, he doesn't make ids policy lor
tbeluiurc kuowu to everybody, u hat 1 mean is
tlial lie ucver springs ioiward to lead, ile prefers
to go along with me current, ami it is oiilv when
tho ilde runs higu and all aorta of big reform loss
are washed ashore that IIolwuu is found among the
A Herald reporter, anxious to ascertain from
sotnc auUiofitailvi-source whether the Governor Dad
reaii.i laken the stand tie was reported as having
tttkon, paiil r v iait ;.uiln^ tiio dujf to Uio iicuiiouan
eta and olilees ol the various loaders or so-caiied
head-Ughts of ihe puny. Hut they were nut to be
found. Every one ol them seemed tohuve gone mat
where lie oouldii t be got at, and uoouc know ex
actly where that was. Mi. Ti Idea was spoken to
V-?.,. subject, lor it so Ouppciied that Mr.
Tlldeu was at his odlro yesterday for a short time.
However, tie was dumb as an oyster as to Governor
Hoffman's "stand." lie knew nothing aoout It. The
reporter next went in search o! Mr. o'G'onor, but
that gentleman was not at his ortb-e, and so he I
wended his war up Wall stret toward Hroadwav I
deicrminod to get ho.d of the very biggest and
wisest democrat in the city u nc cou;d bo lound at
all. With this patriotic purpose In bis heart he I
dashed along through the crowds thai were hurry- I
lug along, up. down, acro.m and every way in tho
tuorougnfare and suddenly collided with
THK GOVERNOR'S SECRETARY I
himcel:?Colonel Van Uuren. Could anything have
been more fortuuaie. There was ine smiling CdlonelT
arm In arm with a inend who loosed us smiling as i
himseir, and the reporter ror a second gazed Intently
upon iue I wo to see if nicy bore any marks of the
sensauou" tho Governor's uih-ged departure had 1
created on tluir pleasum coujienances; for the re
porter know they were both uncompromising demo
craw, were the ColoDel una ins friend. I
"Well. Colonel,' suld ihe reporter, "you do not
the art lhe Cioveraorlja 1 mined his back on
"What do you meani" inquired the Colonel,
gaziug meanwhile at tuo Trinity church steeple as
Ue was endeavoring to calculate thooxalt
ground" ,1>e l?P ?f lhe t0,ver wa* irom the I
read mat statement which I
papers concerning the I
party r" ruor iluii taKcu against the dcuiocrauc 1
"anA,N;?r TH* DEMOCRATIC PAKTY I"
ejaculated the Colonel, now api arentlv liewllderert
moke.,1"!?0?. H'8 fas,,e rr,,m the cbnrch meepie ami
lookedi at the reporter straight lu the race, "t
really do not know what you are talklug about." he
finally remarked, after a snort pause.
The reporter then related in substance what
had been published realivo to th> Governor's
Ideas ol the democratic party and the necessity
there was to have a new party built u; on tho ruins
of trie old.
The Colonel listened atieunrclr, nnd, when (he
reporter got through, buitoned his greatcoat tlgluiY
up under his chin, slurred his gloved hands Into his
ample pockets and burst out into u load lattgu
when he had composed nls leaturos sufficiently to
enable him to speak so as to be distinctly under
stood he emphatically delivered himseii of ihe fol
lowing speech:?
*4 liOH ii
meTswre.ncnf."a9 y?U kn?W' ,bere 18 no lruth ?a
"None whatever."
party9"*beln? ,n favor of a new
The Colonel paused a second before replying, and
finally remarked, rumor hurriedly, for the wind
was tearing round ihe corner in un/tning but a
pleasant mood, aud the Co.onel wanted to get to
warmer quartera.-?
"The Governor Is sgaiDst corruption and wrong
doing, and has ulwayn -ot his lacc against corrup
tioniio or out oi the party: but I have not beard I
tliat lie haa, as jou put It, 'declared uaaiast iJje i
democratic party.1
"Well, at any rate. Colonel, the statement 1 allude 1
to gives out that the Governor Is willing to loin
hands wuu such men as suinncr, Scburs and Hor
ace Grecicy in fornrng a new party."
"fiaii mure is not a word of truth In It 1 feel
certain."
"If there was any truth in It you would be sure to
know, wouldn't your"
"I thmk so," Mud the confidential adviser of the
Oovernor. as ne t.owed politely to the reporter aud
,"'oa',wa7- leaving the scribe to
meditato upon the alleged deiection of the Oov
ereor ami wnat a difference ol opiuion tnere was
MELANCHOLY LE0W2."I?a DI8A31EB.
Three Children -InU Beneath the lee la WwK.
ehesti-r l oiuiiy.
At Kensico, Westchester county, on Tuesday
tnontlug, a melancltoly accident occurred, by which
three cblloren, named respectively Aibertlna Mont
fora. aged Are; Caroline Patterson, aged Hx, and
Edward I'atteraon, brother of the latter, a boy ten
yew's old, lost tueir lives. Jt teems that (he three
llUle ones were enjoying ihcuiseives -coasting" on
mill pond when ihe ice gavo way
precipitating them into the chllliug element
lienaaih. no loving hand being near to render
aMiswore. The lost ones having been missed
shortly ader iiieird Bappeurunre search was mada
In the pond, wnicii resu.tod in uil thieu of the ixidies
being lA.overed. Coiouoi Mei-ks having been
noulled neid an inquest, when u verdict
was reudcred In accordance wuu he above facia.
Thn Paiicrson children resided Willi their parents
la New York, and were on a visit to their cousin.
Who shored tnair sad fate.
HEW YOSTS CODUmm
Th? Ceasing limumto OB 8nnday-A Bed
Bejmblieea Heater?The Programme
of Prooomioa?Memorial of
the Honors to Omul.
Toe execution of Rosael has been so unexpected
that It has arouse I all the sympathies of the red
republicans who have made New York their home.
The Intercession of hit father, the expressed hopes
of all France, pointed, a* plainly as the needle to
the pole, to the pardon of the Communist gen
eral. Unt M. i'hlers, after melting Into tears at the
entreaties made to him to spare the life of one of
the most useful Frenchmen of his day decided to
add hi* bloon to the loug black list of political
crimes with which bis administration has already
been stained. To colcbraie this judicial murder
and to prove that It lias boon detested Dy the entire
civilized world the advanced political thinkers of
New York?many or whom have been driven by per
secution from the land of their birth?have deter
mined to celebrate In a fitting manner the obsequies
ot the laiest martyr to the cause of free Institu
tions.
The International already be.jinsto exert a pal
pable influence upon our politics, Thirty sections
ot the society have been formed up to the present
time in the United States, and new organizations
are reported every day -as the knowledge of the
object and alms of the society beams to Bpread
among the working men of the country. In New
York greater advance yet has been made. One
section (No. 12) has been formed of which tho
members are of the softer sex; aud this promises to
be the fruitful example of many similar organiza
tions.
It has been determined to have a procession next
Sunday In honor ot tbe men who nave been recently
executed by the Thiers government?Blanquin, Ros
ed aud Fcrre. Each one was a tried and true friend
of the republican and social movement In Europe,
anu each ts regretted, not alone by thousands or
personal menus, but aiso by millions oi political
disciples. Debarred by tue infamous insults or a
mferclless government from the expressed sympatny
or their own countrymen, they have been awarded
public honors at the bauds or their American mends.
Oq Sunday next there will be a pnolic procession in
their nonor by all who bold the principles for which
they died.
Assembling at the Cooper Institute at two o'clock,
the congregated sections of tho International will
parade down the Bowery to Canal street, thenc3 up
Broadway to Fourteenth street, thence across 10
Flith avenue, thence up to Thirty-fourth street,
thence dowu Sixth avenue to Eighth street, thence
across to Fonrth avenne, and then, lastly, to Union
square. It is only expected that two thousand men
will be present, but possibly the number may be
greater. Probably every section will be repre
sented but the Tweirth, whlcn consists chiefly of
women, and of this all the meu will be present as
guests of other sections, lho red flag will be ex
hibited, as In the recent eight nours demonstra
tion. but. t lie demonstration will be as qntel as pos
sible. There will be a band, but U will be composed
only ot a lew drums anu tires.
This demonstration win remind old New Yorkers
very forcibly of tne Orslui procession some years
ago. When orslui hud been executed tho red re
publicans of New York resolved to honor him
with funeral rites. One evening nearly seven
thousand men. many of them tbe refugees of
Kurcpeau po.ltlcul persecution, met together
In procession, and paraded ulong the Bowery aud
i anal street in honor of the Illustrious dead. The
most noticeable feature o. tbe demonstration was a
catafalque, of enormous height, escorted on either
side nv u body guard of men bearing torches. The
dirgo In "lrovatore" was constantly played, aud
the general cfleci of the demonstration Is described
us singularly impressive aud imposing. The pro
ve-alon met with no interruption, aud the whole
demonstration was looked at with simple wonder
by Americans, who have little sympathy ana suit
less knowledge ol the political wrongs of European
peoples.
NEW YORK C!T Y.
The body o! a male infant, apparently bat a few
hours o d, was yesterday morning found In an ash
barrel in (rout of the premises ou Dey street. The
body was sent to the Morgue and Coroner Keeuan
nutiQed.
Hooper C. Van Vorst, Commissioner of the De
partment of Pubilo Instruction, will deliver a lecture
on Friday evening. 8th Inst., at eight o'clock, In
Male livening School No. 86. Mntu street, near
avenue a. subject?"Benjamin Franklin."
The eighth annual reunion of the ainmnl of
Dartmouth College will be held this evening at Del
monico's, corner of Fourteenth street and Fifth
iivenue. It ts expected that Mr. Blchard B. Kim
ball. President of tiie Alumni Association, Attorney
General Akcrman. Senator Patterson, and many
oilier distinguished graduates of Dartmouth, alii
be present.
The Young Men's Christian Association have a
very lnvitiug programme ol lectures for the season,
which was reoentiy Inaugurated by tne brilliant
oratory and experiments of Professor Doremns.
Tne Professor is to be followed now by Dr. Lord,
whose historical lectures last winter to the ladies of
New York won such popularity- The first or a
course of four whl be given on Friday evening of
his week at Association Hall. The subject will be
"Mahouimed."
The newly elected board of directors or the Via
duct Railway met at two o'clock yesterday after
noon at the office of the company. The
president, John Taylor Johnston, made a
brief address, deprecating a blind adherence
to any cue plan lor obtaining rapid transit. An
executive committee, whose duty it shall be to ex
amine not only the plans adopted by tho late board
of directors, put all otner feasible plans whloh have
been or may be submitted, was appointed. A
finance committee was also appointed.
Coroner Keanan was yesterday called to the
Morgue to hold an Inquest on the body of Richard
Dclahay, a laborer tblrty-nlne years of age. On
Monday last deceased was at work at 185th street
and St. Nicholas avenue, whea a keg of powder
whicn stood nuar was accidentally exploded, and
set fire to ins clothes and burned blm on the head,
face, arm* and body in a horrible manner. Deluhny
was taken 10 the Reception Hospital, In Muety
nluth street, where death subsequently ensued. De
ceased lived in l42d street, between Eighth and
Ninth avenues.
The anuuai session of the American Protestant
Association, Slate of New York, was convened In
this city on Monday. A large delegation or repre
sentatives were present from all parts of the Htatc.
Tne session, which lasted two days, was very har
monious, ani encouraging reports wero given
by the different District Deputy Grand
Masters of the prosperity of the Order
throughout the State. The following ofllcers wero
elected for the ensuiug year>?W. G. M., Lewis B.
Ualscy, Star Spangled banner Lodge, No. 38; W. D.
C. M., James Relley, Columbia Lodge. No.
8; W. G. Secretary. William Stewart,
'Plenties Boy's Lodge, No. 7; IV. 0. Trea
surer, Morgan Gray, bong island Lodge, No. 40;
w. G. Chaplain, William Sharkey, Washington
Lodge, N<'? A W. G. Conductor, Robert Kirke,
Washington Lodge, No. 2. w. G. A. Conductor, John
Hanun, True Sons of Liberty Lodge, No. 22. W. a.
1. Tyler, William navies. Washington Lodge. No. 2.
W. G. o. Tyler, James Moore, Washington Lodge,
No. 2. A resolution was adopted ordering a parade
of the Order on the 22d of February next.
OLD BILL TOVEE.
A small, yet not inappropriate, throng assembled
at Professor Bill Clark's, West Houston street, last
evening to assist for the hundredth time this vet
eran in what be ia pleased to term "the boar of his
need." The occasion assumed the form of
a sparring exhibition, but for some cause
not slated; the boxers usually noted at places of
this character were not on band, and the amuse
ment was of a mediocre nature. After much delay,
however, Henry Clark and John Anderson, Young
Harrington and John Grady, Patsey Hogaa and
Jerry Muiiouey, Qeorgo Syius aud Steve Taylor,
McC'iellan and McQlnnls appeared and kept the
audience In good hnnior by Jumping about and
buffeting each other wltti lists that looked liko
miniature mail bags, ilogan aud Mahoney'a mile
turn up woe fho best of the evening; and old James
Seddons not appearing to wind up with Toveo,
ilogan ag.ttn put on the mittens with him. Billy
Edwards, looking well pleased with everybody, ap
peared at the hall daring the evening.
Natioatiox or thb Mimissttpi Ritbr.?The navi
gation of the Upper Mississippi hae closed for the
season. The first ice la the river at gt. Paul made
Its appearance on the 2lst ult., and on the
ti e Mie-i-eippi was frozen over solidly- The length
if (tie boating season was 22o days, or a little over
seven calendar months. Tne low stage of water
winch has prevailed since curly in August has very
greatly curtailed the usual large business. The sea
sou of l?c4 was similar to the present, but nothing
like It has been experienced since, and probably
will not again tor years to come. Ju?tat tne
bu*:e-t season low water prevented large steamers
from plying, and a deel icdiy unsatisfactory season'!
business lias been the result. The season of 1*72,
in compensation for this, is expected to increase
more than 1871 ha* decreased; and. as It Is unlikely
that ibere will t?e IWdPOToeMTt yesrs of low water,
the expectations will probably be realised
CITY COMPLICATIONS.
Th# Unpaid Demanding Their P?y in Bough and
Angry Tone*?What the Comptroller 8ays
Ee la Mot Beepoasible for the Impeou
aiona Condition of the City?Dick
Tweed Kicked Out of a
Director*' Meeting.
A delegation of discharged Inspectors of buildings
waited upon Comptroller Green yesterday to re
ceive their pay, which had been owing to them since
October. They wore told that warrants for the Oc
tober pay had been sent to the Mayor for his signa
ture, and on application at the Mayor's office they
probably would And what they required. The war
rants had been reoetved by His Honor, bat he bad
been unexpectedly called away before he had an
opportunity or signing tnem. They therefore will
not be paid until to-day. As there is sufficient
money, it is alleged, remaining of tno appropriation
for the Department of Buildings the men thought
that they were not well used in not receiving a
cbecx for the three months' pay instead of one
month. Forty or the Inspectors were discharged on
the let of December, ana the loss of employment
and the withholding of money due to them have
placed them la a very impecunious condition. The
Comptroller is made responsible (or all the misery
consequent upon the alleged Inability or Indisposi
tion to pay the Claims that are brought against the
city. Notably is this the case with the death o( a
prisoner at Jefferson Market Police Court. All this
public Indignation Is fouuded upon a misapprehen
sion of the Comptroller's prerogative. In the above
case of alleged death oy exposure the Comp
troller states that he la no more responsible
for it than any one or the thousands of
nis teliow citizens. If Jefferson Market Police
court, or Yorkvilie, or any other oonrt, or any pub
lic offico require fuel the routine course is for the
applicant representing the public office to attend at
the Department oi Public Works aud present a re
quisition to ihe Deputy Superintendent of Repairs
aud Supplies, and he is authorized to give an order
on the contractor supplying fuel, and the charge fur
that requisition will, when seat to tue Department
of Finance, be honored by ine Comptroller. It Is
alleged, however, that tradesmeu will not furnish
supplies on credit on any order except
that of the Comptroller. They have a large
number of unpaid claims already, and as to the ulti
mate payment of whloh they are very doubtful.
The comptroller says be Is not responsible for this
lndlsposiuou to give credit. Uo has oniv to do with
the Department of Finance, and cannot oe the chief
of all the departments in the city.
The Comptroller gives a similar answer to the
employes In the public offices who have not received
tneir pay since September. Acknowledging tue
justice of their claim, he says that lie caunot draw
the line as to who Is to be paid and
woo is not to be paid. To pay all
would oblige him to become personally responsible
for millions of dollars. This is an obligation that
the Comptroller does not see tit to Incur, aud there
fore he intends to withhold his hand la ttie direction
oi uny Illegal payment until tho Legls ature pass a
Deficiency bill or pass some other measure by which
he will be justined in paying all tho legitimate cred
itors of the city. It Is only tnose whoso duty It Is
to come in contact with city officials, and wuo daily
witness tue long lino of city ere litors everyday in
the public offices, who can form anything approach
ing to an adequate idea of the miser y aud discom
fort that this suspension of payment has caused to
thousands ot men who have honestly earned every
cent they are asking tne city to pay thorn.
Hoard of Aldermen.
Tho Board of Aldermen met yesterday, at two
o'clock, the President, Ttiouias Comau. in tiio chair.
The following resolution was presented by Alder
man Woitman:?
nooftirt'T^'1rt-Tihat th,e rpPnrt ?f the special committee ap
i devlse a plan lor tbe protection of life oua prom
Jfa "*e of locomotives on tlint portlo 1 of
Fourth areoue north of Korty-seeond atreet I* refeireTbici to
the committee, with lnatruotlom to hold one or mure publio
meeting*, and that lnritutlooa be alren br aJrertnu
roeut or othenrl.e to all pardes Interested to appear Slow
for ful1 ??d f"? Interchange oi ^rJewsand
fiFi i? before recommending that final action be taken br
irenuemaIbo;.^"inCiJ ^e".nbject of exearatlng FonrtS
avenue at>ore FotW second street to a depth sufflcient to ad.
road Company* W,lCk* ?f tlie Stw Vor< Har em Ball
After adopting this resolution tne Board adjourned
untu Monday at two o'clock. aujournea
Tl.e New York istate One rompnny.
Tne was a lively scene yesterday, aiistng out of
Ring complications, at the oinccs of the above com
pany, eo Broadway. It appears that Mr. Richard M.
Tweed, a son of Mr. Wiinam Tweed, and also j.
K. Jones, a captain connected with tne harbor
were elected directors some time aco without
fnJ 2?a\hqUaUnc&llon to hoW ?m<*- A meet
new Board of Directors was
called yesterday, when iweed and Jones presented
ilfSf0 yes a a,ten,!>tcd to lofcie an entrance into
the meeting t>j violence, although they were quietly
,o^?irrae ,at V:ejr Toro 110 ,on*cr directors, and,
no &n t0 1)0 Present, were requested to 1
thi iirH Jr' nowever, forced an entrance, and
the police were eventually called in to remove these
ex directors, aner which the ordinary business of
the meetlag proceeded. 01
Money to Prevent the Spread of Smallpox In
the City.
The Board or Ilealth passed a resolution last
month calling upon the Comptroller for money to
be used ror preventing tho spread or smallpox in
the city. Unfortunately there was no money in the
City Treasury whicn could be applied to that nur
poso, ami there was no authority for raising it
Under the circumstances the Comptroller, on Ills
ViTLnt w1PhiKIbllity, has made a special arrange
ment hankers to advance the money, and suf
n'e*n?,l,as. been placed at the disposal of the
Board of ilealth to enable It to enter upon the ac
complishment of this purpose.
Kmployes at Croton Aqueduct Stations to be
Paid.
Comptroller Green has made arrangements ior
an advance from bankers of a sum sufficient to pay
the laborers and employes at the different stations
on the aqueduct from the city reservoirs to Croton
uam. to whom is due several months' arrears. The
payment 01 these men will be carried into effect in
iew aays.
THE COJiniTTEE OF 8EYE.YTY*
Operations of the Organization?The Mew
Charter.
Without much ostentatious display the work of
the Committee of Seventy is proceeding with great
earnestness, and it would seem that the memoers of
that body are determined to leave nothing undone
In order that their objects should be completed In
every detail. The cniel matter now engaging their
attention Is the preparation of the new charter
06 ?nb?R,ed to the Legislature next Janu
ary. Meetings are constantly neid, and the
document la being drawn with great care ana
with inc view that it will meet all tlie necessary
requirements. It is not expected to be finished for
at least a fortnight. The preparation 01 tills char
ter nas been entrusted to a committee of eighteen
0/ winch Mr. Kdwara Salomon Is chairman. Tno
charter will ol courso be submitted from time to
time to the Committee or beventy for any sugges
tions or amendments that may bo deemed advisa
ble. It is thought there wlU be little diillculty in
having it endorsed by the Legislature, rue new
charter provides for the election of Mayor on the
first Tuesday of April next, tne elected
candidate to hold office for one rear. Ac
cording to its provisions there will he but oue Board
of Aldermen, to coosist of nine representatives
from each Senatorial district, which will make tne
enure number forty-five. As previously announced,
the Mayor will havo the power to appoint or re
move, not only the heads of departments but also
civil and police justices. At tho meeting' held on
luesday the various features of the charter were
discussed at length, the matter being finally refer
red to the committee of eighteen, who will report
progress at tne meeting to be held next week at the
rooms in Union square. The members of tbe sub
committee meet almost nightly and show much
attention to the successful earning out of the work
so auspiciously commenced.
C0HPTH0LLER COYfOLLY.
Ne Changes In (lie Ml nation at J.ndlow
Street.
The county bastile on Ludlow street wears si ill
the same lugubrious aspect, and no change of auy
kind Is visible in regard to its inmates, except that
they are somewhat more coinfot table now than
they were a few days ago. The windows were
broken and the county had neglected to furnish
coal, so 1 bat tbe cold snap wu cli came so suddenly
b nie fair to give dentists ami doctors t brisk run of
troao from tne county Jail. Warden Tracev had
applied Mine alter time for the lequislte means to
lotnwiy the oxtsiiiig evil but the spun or
8PIUOT ECONOMY
which ha* overtaken itte Finance Departmnnt would
not permit the purchase 01 met or window glass, so
UiG wmnttn lm?l ttie DetettHlfies furoisneu at liu
own expense, in tegurd 10 the prboner of state?
comptroller Connolly?there is u?ilung now lossy,
lie was visited yesrerday, as usual, by a largo cum
ber of friends, prominent among whmn was Kev
Dr. 11. A. Bra tin, of Washington Heigh" 1 ?si
evening his counsel, oavlng returned from AUninv.
w<?rc donated with him for homo hours, ore da no it
the questions to be presented on Saturday next on
the return ot the order to show cause wuv the bail
should not be reduced. The vigdant extra Deputy
Sheriff has not yet been withdrawn, and Mr/con
noil? hts not made any attempt 10 cut through to
thg roof or burst me bar*
MUSIC AND THE DRAMA.
In the dramatisation of works of Action tbe late
Alexandre Dumas has laid open a rich Held, which
has been zealously taken advantage of by tbe horde
of modern adapters. Dumas always wrote with a
dramatic purpose, which left his works unencum
bered by the perplexing alfflculttes which bare met
those who attempted to dramatise Dickens. In h'.s
brilliant recital or the adventures of -'Lea Trols
Mousquetaires" he has left a clear narrative which,
romantic and unreal to the last degree, yet has in
it the elements of a play calculated to stir up the
sympathies of an audience to a high de
gree. The dashing D'Artagnan, with his
bravery, ohlvalry and centlemanly gasconade.
Is naturally the central figure of the drama, and tbe
King, queen and Cardinal de Richelieu, while they
torni the motive of interest in the play, subserve the
heroism of the baaeou gentleman, through bis
quixotic dangers aud impossible escapes. The ver
sion played on Monday nisriit at tne brand Opera
House was 1110 old one, wulch has, to tue writer's
knowledge, been ou tne London boards for tne last
eleven years, despite the assumption on the play
bills that it is the handiwork or Mr. frank Maya
ut this gentleman's playing in the part there is mtieii
to be said. It lias all and mote than the necessary
dash 01 '.he original, out those who have loved
tbe gentleman in the novel will not ilnd
much 01 tnat art of the character In Mr.
Mayo's impersonation. It is a mistake ou his
pait to ihmk ilia' the bravo D'Artagnan is
ouiy Boucioault's badger, wltn the addition or a
sword. Mr. T. L. Morns, who was to play the crafty
Cardluul, was obliged to hand over tne part to Mr.
Whaiiey, and those who have any Idea or the his
toric prune minister would have smiled at the
uctor, but as we cannot criticise Mr. Morris in the
part, we shall let Mr, WhaUey charitably uluue.
Louts Xlll. was pass.tbir plaved by Mr. W. H. Tope,
not that the part demands much, but that those who
heard tope read wouid expect a more kingly mon
arch. Mr. Thome's buke of Buckingham was too
young a picture of tne lather or Constance, wmch
he is as well as the lover of the queen, wun tne
oxccptiou or Aihos (Mr. J. V. Wneetock), a part
careiully played, the musketeers were shadows.
One ot the diuicuitles that attend such
parts is that people uavo long ago rormed
tho.r Ideal regardiug theui, and It is almost
impossible lor second ciass actors to till them.
Boutrace. the husband or Oonatauce, was well played.
Miss Ada Cray, as auu or Austria, exhibited a great
dcui of womanly force, uud some, but not enough, ol
majesty. tstie naa a sympathet'o voice, aud wi ll a
little more coldness in her moments ot haughty
dignity would do excellently welL Tne ungrateful
port of Lady de W tutor was penurmed with consid
erable lorce and judgment by Miss osoorne. Cou
Bianoe, the launrui maid of the queen, was played
wun a pretty umvU by Miss Kin ma Oiine. Tue
"Three Guardsmen" Is well mounted aun has that
wealth of incident and situation which appeals to a
neuse. it is jus*, to say that it was wed received,
but let Mr, Mayo add more polish to hu exuberance
11 he canuot tone it down.
Almee's French Opera RonflTc.
Brightest, gayest, liveliest among the opCra boujfe
companies that have been naturalized among ns
during the past few years Is Almta's sprightly troupe
at Una Bdwin's. "Le Pont des Souplrs," too, gives
it aa admirable opportunity of displaying its
strength. The moslc, though perhaps at times re
minding one of older and better known operas, is
the very incarnation of the lun and spirit and exu
berant gayety that constitute the grand merit or Of
fenbaen as a composer. Tako for example the petit
com scene in the second act. What can be Imagined
more pretty and sparkliug than the air and where
else could wo find such exquisitely absurd drollery?
diollery, too. wutch never outrages good taste?as
the uauce which worthily Uuisues it. Aluue Is, of
course, tno strongest mature of the company, she
seems especially designed by nature tor a great
opera boujfe artist, aue throws luto these brilliant
trifles a grace and vitality and spirit sncn as
charm and cam away with a resistless spell
tne minds ot her audlcuoe. Sue has every
thing in her favor?great beauty, a lace mat
passes with case from seuiimcut into mlrtu, a pleas
lug voice, thoroughly trained and Kept well under
control, a periect familiarity with tbe suae and its
business, and no mean skill in that most wouuerful
ot all arts, the art oi dressing, tier compauy begins
now to show truces, too, oi thorough ana rigorous
drill. There are no slips; the piece runs through us
brilliant course with the regularity auu "natural
ness" of a machine, br.at taste has been displayed
in the "make-up" of the scene. The horologe scene,
to which we have already re.erred, Is a marvel of
good taste; dresses and luiuiture harmonize iu tints
and even shape with wonder lot j eriectiou, and the
Brightness and appareut uuoostllness ol the ma
terials employed add to the charm. Ol "Le Pont
des doupirs" we nave previously spoken at length.
We cau only say lurtuer that, like ail other operas
that are worth anything. It grows upon the ear at
every repelltlou, and one likes it better every umo
he hears it. Willi all who have any taste lor or ap
preciation of tha bright frivolities ol opera boufle
Mile. AlmCe'a ehbrts entitle her to tbe most enthu
siastic applause. The new tenor. M. bavllte, has
arrived, and will appear for the urst time uext
week.
nusicil AMD THKATRICAL MOTES.
florae C'lilr.''hnt.
A mail In Cincinnati Is organizing a brass band of
twenty young women,
Mr. F. 8. Cbantrau appears to be tbe leading
a ttractlcn in San Francisco ar present.
Tbe chapmen Sisters commenced a brief engage
ment at Savannah. Ga.. November -27.
The Titusvine Herald depicts the "Lydtan melo
dies tailing from the ll| a of the blondes like pearls
from the month of a Tuscaloosa clam." L. Thomp
son ts there.
The next rehearsal of the Brooklyn Philharmonic
Society will be given to-d.iy at three. The orches
tral selections are Spuhr's Symphony, "The Dedi
cation ol Sound;" Liszt's "lasso" (poem srm
phonlque), and Weber's Jubel Overture. Miss Annie
Louise Cary has been engaged for the next couccrt.
Messrs. McKce Rankin A A. L. Parkes have leased
the Flftn Street Opera House, St. Louis, lor a period
ol three years, and propose to establish a theatre
there on tue plan of WaUack's, of New York. The
company thai played at tue Olympic last week will
be remodelled?tne oest members to be retained and
other good comedians to be secured. The minding
will undergo inaujr internal chaugos and tue llrst
performance by the uew company will be given on
the 1st of January.
Mrs. Macready, whose impersonation of Shylock
is said to be artistic In the highest sense of the
word, starts on a tour, oommeuclng at Poughkeep
sle January 3, under the management or Mr. Sam
uel T. Cary. The following is her route:? Pongh
keepsle. Albany, Utlca, Watercowu, Oswego, Syra
cuse, Bingham ion, Rochester, Buffalo, Erie, Corry,
Titusvllie, Oil Oitv, Cleveland, Akron. Sandusky, To
ledo, Detroit, Jackson, Kalamazoo, Fort Wayne, In
dianapolis, Terre Hauto. Louisville, Cincinnati, Day.
ton, Columbus, Pittsburg, Harrlaburg, WUhainport,
Wllkcsbarrc, Scranton, Newark, Patersouand Eliza
beth.
Regarding Rullman's Vienna Lady Orchestra?
which Is now divided Into two troupes?we have
heard the following news:?Vienna Female Orches
tra. Oanandalgua, N. Y., 4ih; Geneva, Mh; Water
loo, 6th: sencca Kalis, 7th; Annum, fit h; Ithaca,
oth; Uingliamion, llth; Scrauton, Pa., 12th; Wtlkes
barre, 13th and Uih; F.linlra, N. Y., 16th and 16th;
Wllllamsport, Pa., lsth; Harrisburg. I9ih; Reading,
20tb; Allentown, 21st; Fasten, 22d; Newark. 23d.
Soccaed section of Vienna female Orchestra
closed at Milwaukee November 25, and
opened In Watertown, Wis.. 3otU; thence to
Fond dn Lac, Sheboygan, Oslikosn, Green Hay,
Appleton. La Crosse. Winona, Minn.; Minneapolis,
St. Paul, Madison, Janesvine, ffelolt and Racine,
Carl soberuateln, musical director; F. A. Bauer,
advance agent Anna Mclillg, pianist, sailed No
vember 26 from Bremen. She nas been engaged by
both the New York and Brooklyn Philharmonic
societies for the winter.
Drl lings Abronit.
Herr Flotow's "Ombre" has boen produced at
Vienna, at the An aer Wien Theatre, wltn great
success.
A Vermont girl, now Mrs. E. V. N. Hitchcock, has
risen to tne musical height of prima donna oi tho
grand opera at Brussels.
The oast for 8ignor Verdi's "Aida," to be pro
duced in Milan after the first representation in
Cairo, comprises Mesdaines Stoiz and Woldmsn: the
tenor. Signer Cappoul; the baritone, Sfgnor ran
dom, ana the bass, signor Mann.
Frau Pauline Lucca has made tier first appearance
In ilie German itue part of Auher's "Carlo Bronchi,"
known as tho "Port du Diablo" In Paris, at the Im
perial Opera House in Berlin, and wan enthusiasti
cally applauded by the audience.
M. Capoul. the tenor, is engaged for two years for
Russia, alter his season in London next year.
Madame Paul appeared in Moscow on the ?th of
November as Dinorah, and was called for twenty
one iimes i The receipts were $t),260i
Madame Arabella Goddard is engaged for a con
cert tour In tno untied Status in tue autumn of
1872. Ilerr Urau, of New York, has signed a con
tract with Herr antoine Ruoitisteiu, the pianist, tor
a series ol concerts this winter in America, tbo
terms being f lo,ooo for the tour.
An English traveller describes it "Mystery" called
the "Creation," whica he saw performed at Bam
berg, in Germany, ui 1713. According to ins ac
count it was a grotesque an.dr. Young priests had
tue wings of geese tied on their shoulders to per
bouatu angels. Adam appeared ou the scene in a
big curled wig and a brocade morning gown.
Among tbo animals that passed boioro una to re
ceive their names was a well-shod horse, pigs with
rings in their noses, and a mastiff wltli a brass
ro'iar. A cow's rib bone had been provided for the
formation of Eve, but the mastiff spied itogt, grab
bed it and carried It off. The angels tried to whlstio
him back, but, not succeeding, tncy chased hira,
gave hi in a kicking ami recovered the bone, which
tbey placed under a '.cap-door by itio Hide of tue
sleeping Adam, whence inere soon emerged a lanky
I uriest. to a loose roue, to porsouato Eve.
ART MATTERS.
The Winter BxhiMtlena ?t the keaMmy ef
Deelnn.
In the brief notice ire have already liven ef the
winter exhibitions wo expressed oar sense of re
gret and disappointment at the inferior classof
works which lor the most part make np tne present
collections, and while making every allowance for
the difficulties against which the academicians have
to straggle, we are forced to the conclusion that If
some Improvement cannot be effected the winter
exhibitions had better come to an end. We
have before pointed ont that the primary use
and objeot or an academy is to instruct
the people by placing before them none
bnt works which snail possess a reasonable
amount of merit, and, by removing from view infe
rior works, correct public taste. The sophism by
which some gentlemen attempt to defend the ad
mission or bad pictures, on the ground that bad
artists arc by this means brought to see tne evil of
their war, does not merit serious refutation. If we
want to destroy sympathy with what is vicious or
bad in art we must remove It completely from view
and present nothing out what possesses real merit?
that, is to say, oeauty and truth?to the punito, and
after a few years it will be imposslole to obtain
patronage for the rubbish that In too many In
stances passes under the name or art, and
receives a large share of patronage from peop le
whose notions or art are rendered confused by
meeting works or merit and works of none Jumblea
up in an Incongruous manner on the walls of the
Academy of Design. The present exhibition Is
composed of about ono hundred and fifty pictures,
whose average merit la very low, and most of the
works whicn have Claims to cousideration have al
ready been seen by the public.
No. 3.?"A Sunset," without any of the senti
ment of the twilight hoar. Tho cold, dark fore
ground appears to have no connection with the
flat, formless hills bathed In the sunlight, which, by
Bpccial agreement with the arrist, stops short be
hind some trees that were originally intended, no
doubt, to stand in tho middle distance, but liavo
approached suspiciously close to the foreground. In
addition to those drawoacks the sky is unnatural.
No. 6.?In this prelty little picture Hie figures are
grouped with great ease and naturalness, and are
full of the feeling or the Inc.dent ihev represent?a
croup of travellers at sea. The artist has been
happy in his color treatment; but tne execution,
though bold, is wanting in finish.
Nos. 7 and 9.?Two old hartle pieces, fnlt of spirit
and capitally drawn. The action or the horsemen
hi No. 9 ts especially happy and vigorous.
No. 10.?a scene in Africa. We see a group of
natives about a well with tne inevitable horse. It
is naturally composed, aud the artist has well con
veyed the picturesque sentiment ol the ruined walls.
The tone Is quiet and suns the air of desolation ol
the old Moorish bouses rapidly falling to decay.
Nos. 11 and 12 are crude and wtinout merit.
No. 14.?"lhe Wounded Dove." By Satterloe. This
artist posnesses much nice lecllng, but is too ambi
tious. lie passes berona his powers, or rather nis
knowledge. In tne present picture a peasant girl
holus a wouuded uove against ncr bosom. The Idea
is pretty, but though the expression oi the girl's
lace is gentle, it Is not symp&'hetio. lier look is
too abstracted, and she does not appear lo be so ill
cieutly occupied with the suffering of tho bird.
Were the blood marks removed irom tho dovo's
head there would be nothing in the figure lo suggest
the story or give an Idea of the compassionate ten
derness which we suppose the artist Intended to
convey. The drawing is not characterized by uuy
strength, and the color Is crude and unpleasant.
No. ltd.?Next to Mr. Satierlee's picture the
banging committee have placed a very pretentious
landscape. On a glance at tne foreground of tne
work we contess we are at soiuetning or a loss to
decide at what rime of the day and under what
condition of atmosphere I his picture was palmed,
in tne sky we appear to nave evidence of the
presence of fog, and it Is difficult to decide whetner
the mild-looking luminary whicn sheds a sickly
light over the canvas is intended for a sun or a
moon. The shadows in the foreground cast by some
trees are dark and well detinod, and the uimosphere
appears quite clear, so that we ure more than ever
puzzled to know what to think about me ioggy sky.
Tnis paint.ng claims to be a scene ou a Western
lake, and no doubt nas mauy points ol resemblance,
but hills never appear in nature as a mass of a sin
gle hue. On tne contrary, the color, like tbe form,
Is ever changing, sometimes gradually, with the
most tender nuana-3, and at oiliers siiddeuiy aud
forcibly; it does not require very close observation
to learn this lact, and yet painters will insist on
Ignoring it. The wutcr painting is also very poor,
especially where the light effect occurs in the mid
dle distance.
No. 19 displays some right fecilng, bat is weakly
drawn. The left hand Is very bad. the hat on
wmch the girl is trying tbe rtowoiH could not retnuin
in lu present position unless 1. were pinned to tne
girl's dress, as tho left hand does not hold It. though
the aruat Intended that It should. Tne textures are
painted with force, but the color is crude.
No. 21.?A ficsh-colorod portrait, in which tne
drawing of the shoulders Is incorrect.
No. 23.? A bit of landscape, with some nice feel
ing; the want ol form lu tbe lulls aud the incorrect
ness of the cloud tieatment deprive it of much of
Its feeling.
No. 28.?Here Is a painting that ought not to have
been admitted, in addition to Its faulty execution
It is unspeakably vulgar ana gross in conception,
and has not a particle of merit to redeem us coarse
ness. 'the is short aud stumpy, tne head is
too large and the ann very poorly drawn.
No. 30 has the usual defects of portraits. The
gentleman is sitting to oo painted, with a stiff, for
mai expression. whicU makes him as unnatural,
ookiug as possible.
Art Hnlr.
A collection of about one hundred and fifty
pictures, which bare been seleoted with care, will
be ottered for sale to-morrow at Schenck's auction
room. Many well-known Kuropean and most or
our favorite American arusta are re
presented, and, though mere are no
works or tho very highest order, there
la an unusual number of paintings or merit. The
most considerable work Is Shattuok's "Harvesting,"
No. 114, which was lately on exhibition In the Art
Association in Brooklyn. It Is natural and pleasing
and possesses much of the sentiment of country
life. A marine painting by E. Moran, "Rlaing Out a
Gale," Is roll of foroe. We hare seldom seen such
a truthful sea study; the motion and form of
the hearing sea has been reproduced with marvel
lous fidelity, while the atmosphere in the distance
and the w hite spray breaking over the ships are
absolutely true to nature. This is a gem of a pic
ture. William Bart Is represented by a pleasing
water color landscape of Oorbam, N. Y. There
are several examples after A R. Brevoort,
the most important ol which is a large landscape in
the neighborhood of Leeds, N. Y. Gitrord contributes
scenes on the Sacramento River treated In his usual
pocuo manner. Among tho foreign artists whose
works are in the collection we meet examples after
\erseimur, Portleije, Pecrus. It will bo see a from
the lew works we have mentioned almost hap
hazard how well the selection of tfie
works has been made. Certainly tbere are fewer
bad works among tbese 140 paintings than we
usually And In auction rooms. Tho exclusion of
works wlitch have Wot a certain repsectaoie merit Is
a step in the right direction and well calculated to
advance the interest of art by Increasing the con
fidence of the purchasers who are patrons without
being connoisseurs in art. Tbe sale will be con
tinued on Friday.
CONFESSING A MURDER.
Last evening a despatch was received at Police
ITeadquarters from the Second precinct, setting
forth that the gateman at the Bridge straet ferry
had found a pair of men's drawers in the river,
with a piece of paper attached, bearing the fol
lowing
Put this In the paper, so my nncle will know T am
dead. Save them. 1 killed them. Under the
Bridge street ferry, New York Hide. Mother and
three ohlldren last, September 8th, and hid
them under the bridge.
On the reverse side was written:?
1 killed (hem in a drunken lit. Forgive mo are
my dying words. H. P. MuCLANE.
Deckmbek ft, 1871.
Upon the band of the drawers was tba follow
ing:?
God saw me nnder the Bridge street dock, New
York side. No. 6 bowery. 1 lulled ihem.
li. F. McCLANE.
An officer was sent to No. 6 Bowery, bat no ono
there bad ever neard of 11. F. McClane, nor had any
woman with ttnee children been missed from that
locality.
MEETING OF THE FINE COMMISSIONERS.
Tho Board of Fire Commissioners met yesterday,
with the following Commissioners present:?Blair,
Slinler, Gal way and Ilennessey. The report or tho
Chief Engtpcor of tne Department for the past
month was read, showing as follows:?No
vember, 1870, 108 fires; loss, $183,745. No
vember, 1871, 123 tiros; loss, $180,740. The
committee on Apparatus presented a com
uiunicntlon, mado at the tnstanoe of Prestdent
Hltchman, suggesting that an increase In the re
serve foroe of tho department oe made. In case of
1111 v such conflagration as destroyed Chicago ike
present rexervo force would he inadequate to tho
emergency. It was thought that 1 lie following ad
ditional apparatus should bo purchased:-?'Twelve
llr.it ciaaa engines, 10,000 combination boss and lour
complete sois or udders. Tho coramuoioatloo was
laid on the table, and tue hoard went imo executive
TUMBLING TENEM.
Frightful Condition of the Habit*
tlons of the Poor.
CONDEMNED DWELLINGS.
Turning Out Um Tenants-The Danger to HMltfc
and Life?Terrible Sources of Bero&uo??
Contagious Diseases?8tate of tho
Streets?1 he Tallow Favor
Case?Important Affidavit
BOARD OF HEALTH.
At toe regular meeting ot the Board of Health
yesterday. President Bos worth tu the chair, the fol
lowing reports were received from tho several
bureaus of tuo department and adopted:? _
The Sanitary Committal! respectfully eubmlt for the la
formation of the Board Ike lotto win f report on the work of
the dlflereui bureau* for Ilia week euding Deoember 9,
ijini _
SANITAET nrSVKOTIOW.
The City Sanitary liunector reports a total or 9,798 In
?Deotiooe by the Health Inspectors, ae follow., v.le?S pub
lic building*. l.Wi tenement house*, lit# private dwelling*,
KB other dwelling*, a# manufactories and workshop*. 644
Blum* und warehouse*. 68 stable*, t distillery, 4 sirtSi, 86
*,au ditfr houses, fat r u lerlng establishment*, 61 sunken
aud vacant lot*. #3 yard*, oourw and area*, 187
OEI.LA1S AW1? BABF.k SWTS,
47 waste pipei and drains, 128 priries and otoseis. 18 street?*
muter* and sloewalks; 3 piggeries, 4 cistern* and cessp*ol%
13 dangerous stairways, lb oilier nuisances, aud till case* of
OOUTAOIOCB DISEASES
visited. The number of report* received from the Health in
spector* was 306. During me weak #6 complaint* have been
received from citlxens, and rsfemjd to the 4^^ iMpsctare
for Investigation and report HI* report show* that dorm*
the week the dlslofecllni corps have .f'JSSS
where contagious diseases were found, and have diwnieoiea
and fumigated 4# house*. 49 privy sink*, together with cloth
ing, bedding, do.; 89 cases of
BMAI.LfOX _
wore removed to hospital by the ambulance oorps. "Is Im
port also shows that 64 sinks and oesspoola have been
clenneJ an t dlslnreotea by tlie night sea ve users, under^per
uilts of che Board, and -34 loads of ulgblsoil reinoveaurom
the city. Permits have been granted lo 84 vessel* t0 dl*ch*jrg*
cargoes, on voucher* Irom tho Health Oltloer of Uie 1 ort
Two complaints concerning
BTRKIfl' PAVEMKNTB,
?ewers, Ao., were referred to the proper department*. Th*
vaccinating oorp* have suited 4 Mil families, and
9 269 vaccinations, of which 88b were primary and 1,918 mo-
ondary. There hare also oeen 1,679 oattle InEpnoMd
market yards, of which 94 were lound bruised and 111 badly
bruised. The City Sanitary Inspector also imports tu
slaughter houses ot the city In good sanitary condition.
The followlug is a comparative statement of contagious
diseases for the two weeks ending November 15 and Decern
her 9,1671:
-Fcvrr.- _
It,- 2f. il- Thph- Smalt
Ty,>Kv. TyiJwid. S art,'. UiPfiny. Ih*riu.
November 96..;. 8 10 54 1 0 5 fl
L)fiC0Ql06r 2 &o low N
The Registrar of Record* report* a* follows i-DuHng tha
Da lit week there were registered 427 deaths, being 10 loss
[ban foTut* previous week, and 63 IMS tban for th* oorrw
?pondlng week of lt>7U. Zymotic diseases occasioned 119 a
draths; constitutional, 107; local, UK; developmental, 96.
and violent cau?e*. 94. The latal coses ot E>Ml<t>o>
from 10 to 13, those of seanallna from 18 to 19. tho** or
diphtheria and croup togetuer from 20 to ^7, those ot
wHoormo oouou
from 9 to 10 and those or typhoid fever from 5 to 7. Th*
mortality of measles deetlued from 3 to I, ibatof Vyhhi
fever irom 3 to 1 and that of/e""uen'
IHarrh.eai disease* caused la death, against 16 la the pre
ceding week, pbthlsl* pulmonalU 74 .against 73, aud the
local respiratory alTectlons 57 against 58.T6e 1 "9 J**[?
the principal meteoro oglral features of Mi* week.
corded tor thl* Department at the Cooper Union.?**??
reading of barometer. 29.8-W Inches; maximum temperature,
60 degrees; minimum temperature, 13 degree*; m*an tem
perature, 30.680, being 10. 9 degree* loss tbau for tds corm
sponding period during ihe past ten year*; mean degre* or
The ut'ioruey reports for the week ending December 1,
tirfl ;_Number of actions commenced for non-compliance
with orders or violations or health laws or ordiuancc*. IBlt
number of Judgments obtained In peudtn* actions, 80, num
ber of actions discontinued upon evidence rf abatement Of
all cause of complaint, 12; number of complaint* examine*
and form of order endorsed ibereoi^ *J8, nnmbM or *u?
complaints examined and returned for additional lata
""ihe 'sanitary Committee of Police report* the
Ing a* the ..mount of Hsh, meat, Ac., seised and conlisoaled
fur the week ending December 9. 1871:--Cattle. 3- *1
bogs, 80; veal (?-carcass";, 1; veal ("bob"), 16; beef "Out
^iCtits^Jfuba' following report in g
to the report or the polioe ou street cleaning for th*i wee*
ending December 2. 1871. It aooeaia from &is report that
the streets in many dUtricU of the city vr*r* not swept at au
during the week. The moit marked omissions were in vbm
First, Second. Fourth, Fifth. Seventh, Ninth, Tenth, Nln*
teenth and Twenty-flrtt precinct*. These '6?
where there I* lb* greatest ssultarr necessity for regu
lar and thori ugh cleaning. The Inspection* ot "'.Jf?
Committee during Hi* week confirm the report ot the police. _
The City Sanitary Inspector reported on the con
dition of Madison avenue, aud sai l inure was
auaiititT of Croton water pipes lylair close to ina
sidewalk which materially interfered with the publio
iilanway. There is aiso a now excavation or Hfty
loot at Forty-second street, to which ihe alienUoit ot
tno Board was called.
Insirnciions were given the attorney to'J**1"'
sun against a physician, named Joseph oornichor,
lor being in attendance upon a number oi puuenu,.
Buffering from umniipox and for uot having made
report to that eflect to the Board.
u ooit the recoB mondatlon ot tne City Sanitary la
snector a number oi teuetiieut houses were ordered
to be vacated. Two double aud one single teueineut,
Nos. 28, 25 and 27 Leonard street, were described by
the Inspectors who liud visited litem as being ut
A DRKADFIIL CONDITION.
The roofs, they said, were broken through Injj*^
ci at places, and toe ralu poured In. the atulrcuM*
wore old, aiiapwlated and unsafe; me floors of the
rooms in winch tho people lived were coverod wlth
Dlth, the wood work was rotten sad
pieces; tlte coliani of these houses were litorwiiy
gorged wtih the tnosi offensive nuisance, and worn
consequently KXTBRMKI Y BANOBRons
to the healtn of the people In tne locality; 'he yaraa
were unpaved. and tue gutiera ran over witn iha
liquid flltu ot the place. The house No. A3 was de
scribed as a three storv frame, a good deal sdhltop
on one side, aud aunportcd only the adjoin
lug teueaieut and a few beams on tho
soutnwest corner. The roof o! tnis P'aco
was in a stmlinr condition with tlie ?4i|c?.
and as one moved about in the rooms the whole
structure seemed to vibrate; one side ot the roouu
was considerably lower than tne other, and It xas
onlv with great Utmcnlty a strunger could safelyjp*
aoout In them. Mxleeu families, making a popula
tion oi about
ONI nUNDRKD PXR80N9,
lived in these dens, und the amount of mortality
among ment, from the condition ol tne auiTOondtngk
may bu easily Imagined. The premises Nos. 8)l J
street and 102 West Broadway were also ordered to
be vacated for similar reasonx Theao houses were
used as tenements, and were, If possible, In a worse
condition than those on Leonard street. Some Ol
the rooms were so low that a small man
stand up In thorn, ami the inhabitants of the one on
the corner were oolored people of
A MOST OISRKPtXTAnLB
chtraoter. Tlie cellar beneath tins nouse la
a tank shop, it i? very deep, ruunlng the onttrw
leuuih of the building, and is made tue rccentaoie
for all kinds of rubbish and dirt. In these placM
there were lourtcen families, all of whom must And
new nomes before Saturday, the loth of Deoember.
Dr. Caunocuan, the llealtu Oillcer of ttte P?**?
calicd the attention of the Board of Healtn to the
case of yellow lever said to have been discovered at
iiellevue 11ospitai. He said ne would like to**
Bome information on tho subject, as it waa one tjiat
materially affccieu the comuiuiilty at large. IM
faculty at Bolievue Hospital had pronounced ihM a i
caso of yellow fever and sent lor tne assistance ol
the coronets, and Dr. Carnociian said lie would be
glad to team how tne case got intoitho city.
ur. Hi ki'Hkn Hmitii replied that he had peveon
aiiy examined the subject, and was of opinion tnai
flie man died ol yellow lover, and wheu any such
unusual death occurred the Coronetsiwere always
calico. The man, lie understood, had come from
Havana by some steamship, aud that was an in
recte t port.
Dr. Oarnochan explained that It was not now an
infected port, as ihe authorities there wu-e giving
clean bills of neulth. He also said It was not impos
sible a single case of this disease should slip luto
tho port, as in these days of steam the time or tne
passage irom one port to another ta much .snorter
than the period of Incubation. Bull, lie didI no}
think the public mind should be suddenly alarmed
A CRT OF YRI.fJ>W FRVER
until It waa established beyond ail doubt that tne
terrible disease had really come among us,, lie
cautioned the facultr at Bellevue to be
such important matters in future, and **{?edlib*
man in question came 10 this cltv oy tuo steamship
Cleopatra. Attno time of her arrival hero there wn
do HicKnoss on board, and I have tho honor io n
sent to thl* Board a statement lie ThS
to by one of the owners of tho vessel. He then
banded In the following affidavit:?
New yoek, Dec. 8, lsTL
J. J. Alexandre, beln* duly sworn, Jei)o??ana..v<i0A?
he I* member of tae rtrrn ot F. Alexandre A Sou*, and ka*
cliaru-! ot tbe onlovding of tne ship* after striving
flook and a* eucli. was on board Ike elsamibip (heopatra.
et Ihe urn* of h ;r Brrlval and Jiirlm the: lira* of her u0''^^
"i The crew of .aid .tesm.hlp ^"'l^noeomn^.t
oi November, and ut that ""Tui JT,d to tbe beet of
elcknem on ihe perl or anv ot the ^ew, p,Mon wa*
the knowledge *n<4 belief of deoenenv n i v uf h#f
on board or ibe *te*m*?lp Cleopel a^ j aLF.XANDRK.
f _ ill 5ih dRT of b(*o?iiib?r, 1871, At (hi
cuVWeVw?. Tl'^RVOAMSkokR. Jr.. Notary Fub.kk
The whole matter was reform l to the Sanitary
Oomiulttee. _______
THE OROOEE8' BOARD OP TRADE,
At the meeting of tha Grocers' Board or Trad#
yesterday, William A. Booth presiding, tho queslnm
of llsroor Masters' exactions and quarantine abuse*
was mill discussed, and the tollowlug resolution
whs adopted!
Revolved That the PrrMdent of ihl* Roard I* hereby aa
ttioilsed to appoint a *p*-'t?l eemmiuee (durln* the en*ulnx
reccs*), to consist of noi le;? than three memlier*. who shall
have aulhorltjr to reprvient itnv Board in any proanejlDEMi
which m*y be ilecmed eipodleol, looking to ine reform of in*
oncron* *rvl ibij'ivl et n ilon* liopo md upon commerce by
Ihe port authorilles, cither in conyaratlon wllh oommaiee*
of other similar orgaiit/atiout or isinerwlse.
In tefercuoe to storage of g >oJ4 In bonded warn*
lionet s tho following resolution was a toptedi?
Resolved, Thai the matter af etor?ge of g?o l? in
watelHiuee* bu relen ed la a *i>?clal commute* to dr%i**
meiuorlet lo be sent to Conara*. to remedy thl* gnovaue*
and reuoyi to Ho* Board at it* tt*H meet'la