Cln ■feliimsus
IS I’UIII.IHII r.l> FVIKV MOBMMI.
(M.NU4Y KXCkPIKI’,)
At $8 |m*i* y Il‘ |»al«l »t •-1 tly In a«lutnr*.
Olln-rw i»«*, IVnt* |i('r Mudlli.
cClie IflassiulmscUs sp)j,
ESTABLISHED JILT, 1170.
IS PUBLISHKI> KVKKV FRIDAY MORNING
Al sa i*i'r Aii ini in.
.1 l». lIAf.ElWrv HI., l*ro(iH«tnra.
NO 411 M AIN STUFF T.
('itflrccstcr Oailn s>pijr,
OITY NIJWS.
The Annual meeting <*i‘ the Worcester county
agricultural society will be held to-day.
Prof. Mae has an advertisement in another
column, which will interest some readers.
The boot and shoe makers of Worcester have
sent through the Knights of St. Crispin $l6O to
relieve their brothers in Chicago.
Among the names of New Englanders regis
tered in the office of Bowles Bros., Loudon, for
the week ending September ‘29, was that of H.
C. Wadsworth, of this city.
The arrangement of the Western Union tele
graph company suspending half-rate messages
to Chicago, which went into effect on the lltl),
was revoked yesterday, and messages will now
be taken as heretofore.
The schools will close Friday and Saturday in
order that teachers may attend the annual meet
ing of the state touchers’ association at Boston.
They are requested to report to the superin
tendent whether they attend.
Ladies of Worcester, who arc so heartily re
sponding to the call by giving their time and
means in aiding the Chicago sufferers, are re
minded that the meetings for work will he con
tinued Wednesday and Thursday afternoons, at
the vestry of the First Unitarian parish.
The members of the grand jmy, now in at
tendance upon the superior court, were agreea
bly entertained last evening by their foreman,
Mr. Samuel Winslow of this city, at his house
ou Lindell street. Judge ChapiYi and the dis
trict attorney were also among the guests of the
evening.
The annual reunion ot the fifteenth regi
ment association will tie held at Horticultural
hall on Saturday next, the gist instant, at ten
o’clock a. m. That, day is the anniversary of
the battle of Bull's Bluff, where the regiment
was tirst under tire, and earned, at a terrible
cost, the reputation for the highest soldierly
qualities, which in many greater and fiercer
battles it retained and increased. The associa
tion will dine at the Lincoln house at 12 o’clock.
At a meeting held by Blake and Damascus
lodges, of the Knights of Pythias, at their hall,
last evening, they raised over SBOO for the suf
ferers in the west. At a vote of the members,
one-half of the sum raised was to be devoted to
brethren in Chicago, and the rest tor the sufferers
in Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota. Commit
tees were appointed to receive further subscrip
tions, which will probably increase (lie amount
to over s."<oo. A subscription paper may be
found at the stores of E. A. Warren and Jeukius
Whitcomb. Subscriptions of clothing may
he left at the office of W. L. Robinson, oil Fos
ter street.
Municipal Count-. -In the municipal court,
yesterday, Win. Vaugh paid S2O and costs for
doing business on the Lord’s day; Bridget
Britt $5 and costs for assault ancl battery; Ed
gar A. Cole and Andrew Smith £3 and costs
each lor drunkenness; Lemuel 11. Nichols and
Janu s Brown, S 2 and costs caeli for drunken
ness; Peter W. Johnson, Thomas Shea and
John Brown were each fined $2 and costs for
drunkenness, but did not pay, and were com
mitted to jail. Frederick L. Jeralds, fined $5
and costs for assault aiul battery, and $5 and
costs additional for drunkenness, appealed, and
was committed to jail in default of bail. Francis
W. Wilsou, complained of for drunkenness,
paid costs and had If.s case placed on file.
St. Paul’s Fair.—The receipts last evening
were S6OO. The hall was filled as early as eight
o’clock, and the evening was occupied in draw
ing articles at the tables, and witnessing the
clog dancing ot Jimmy and Johnny Ryan, for
which the music was furnished bv (’late Hood,
win’s band. To-night there will be a concertina
solo, dance by J. If. Sedgwick, comic negro
sketch by Win. Ward and Thus. Hanlon, song
and dance by J. Burns, “Troubles of the Globe
Theater” by Messrs. Ward, Hanlon and Ryan,
and double song and dance by the.Ryan broth
ers. The voting on the furniture for the bishop
stood, last evening: Christian Doctrine associa
tion, 896, Sodalß.v society, 325, uml Father
Mathew temperance society, 213. The articles
drawn lust evening were: Silver water pitcher*
Thomas Doon; silver spoons, John Kecle; hog
oak shawl pin, Lizzie Lvttlcton; silver cake
basket, Dr. McNulty; china tea set, Walter
Henry; box of cigars, Mat. Horton; gold ring,
Miss Byrnes; box of cigars, J. T. Rooney; al
paca dress, Hannah Healey; thibet dress, John
Quirk; cut of cloth, Maggie McGlinchy.
Mef.ti.ng of the Mayor and Aldermen.
The board ot mayor and aldermen held a meet
ing last evening, for the purpose of giving a
hearing to parties petitioning for the widening
and making public ol Wellington ninl Woodland
streets, and transacting some matters of busi
ness left over from their regular meeting.
There was quite a full attendance of those in
terested in the widening of Wellington street,
but only oue appeared for Woodland—Mr. 11.
G. Taft. At the close of the hearing the mayor
read a communication from F. 11. Dewey, re
lating to the damage caused by widening Pied
mont street, which was referred to the commit
tee on highways on the part ot the hoard ol al
dermen; a communication from the same party
relating to the widening of Cedar street, was re
ferred to the committee having the decree in
charge. Alderman Barnard moved that the city
engiueer be directed to prepare plans lor the
extension of Prospect street to Wilmot, in ac
cordance witli the act establishing the normal
school; the motion was carried, as was also one
made by Alderman Barton directing the city
engineer to prepare decrees and plans for the
laying out«»( Wellington and Woodland streets.
The matter of furnishing better ward-room ac
commodations, to avoid the use of the office and
council rooms in city hull, came up, and was re
ferred to the committee on public buildings,
with power to provide suitable ward rooms and
report at the next meeting of the board. The
licenses of E. J. Lamed and John Walker, lor
driving hack, which were revoked for engaging
in a fight several weeks ago, were restored; and
the|petition of Thomas J. McCabe for license to
drive hack was referred to the city marshal.
Republican County Convention. —The
republican county convention assembled in
Horticultural hall at 11 o'clock yesterday fore
noon, and was called to order by Colonel J. W.
Wetherell. The organization was effected by
the choice of Hon. P. Emory Aldrich chairman
and Henry L. Sbutmvuy secretary. Mr. Aldrich
made a brief speech, urging the importance of
discretion in tilling the offices for which the
convention had assembled to nominate candi
dates. The unusual interest caused by the
bringing forward of two names for the offices of
district attorney and clerk of courts, induced a
full attendance of delegates, the report
of the committee on credentials showing
that fifty-one towns were represented by 150
delegates.
The voting for candidate for clerk of courts re
sulted in the choice of Joseph Mason, the pres
ent incumbent, who received 95 votes ol the 154
cast; John A. Dana had 57, and Win. A. Smith
2; seventy-eight were necessary for a choice.
The vote for candidate for district attorney
was larger, there being 101 cast, of which lion.
W. W. Rice had 105, and was declared the nom
inee of the convention. George F. Verry had 56
votes.
The nomination of candidate for sheriff was
made, on motion of Mr. II U. W illson, by accla
mation, Gen. A. 1L R. Sprague receiving a
unanimous vote Win. O. Brown, of Fitchburg,
was nominated as candidate for county commis
sioner in the same manner, and the committee
to nominate special commissioners reported the
names of Silas Holman, of Bolton, and Henry
E. Rice, of Barrc, and they were declared nomi
nated.
The committee to nominate a county commit
tee reported the following, who were appointed:
Joseph D. Daniels, Worcester, Geo. Newton,
Worcester, H. A. Blood, Fitchburg, J. A.
Wheeler, Grafton, James E. Barker, Milford,
p. P. Gray, Nqrtlibridft*’# Ueo. W. Johnson,
t&llortester H mnm
LiLy tsiggp*
VOL. 2(5. NO. 247.
Brook field, Web* ter Tucker, Wiiiehendon, 11. I.
Josliu, Webster, Peter Simson, Millbury, Ezra
i llapin, Nm thbor<>’, A. I Bartholomew, South
bridge, E. W. Stone,Templeton, Geo. W. Hobbs,
Uxbridge, Moses O. Ayers, Oakham.
The committee of forty-live, who have charge
of the subscriptions for the aid of Chicago, met
in the common council room last evening, Hon.
Stephen Salisbury in the chair, and Win. S.
Davis, Esq., acting as secretary. The propriety
of diverting some of the Chicago subscription
in excess of $30,000 to the sufferers by tire in
Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota, was very
generally discussed, resulting in the adoption
of a motion instructing the executive commit
tee to call a meeting of the subscribers at once
to consider the claims of the sufferers in the
states above mentioned. The following call was
issued:
All persrus who have subscribed to the relief of
the sufferers by the Chicago fire are requested to
meet this evening at 7 1-2 o’clock, at Washburn
hall, to see whether they will vote to allow the
committee appointed at the meeting in Mechanics
hall, to exercise their discretion iu diverting a por
liou of the amount subscribed to toe relief of other
sufferers by tires, which have occurred in other
parts of the northwest.
By authority of the Committee of Forty-Five.
W. S. Davis, Secretary.
Worcester, Oct. 18, 1871.
That Bridge Trap Again.—A cigar
maker named Frank Bach was found in a help
less condition last night about ten o’clock, lying
under the bridge of the Boston uiul Albany
railroad over Southbridge street. He was picked
up by patrolmen Combs and Green and brought
to the police office in a hack. Dr. Kelley was
called in, and found his spine and left hip badly
injured, but to Just what extent could not be
ascertained. His wife, who was sent for and
came in, said that he was out of work here aiul
had started to go to Springfield in search of a
job, telling her that a friend had agreed to let
him ride on a freight train, for he had no money
and could go in no other way. The only intelli
gent words spoken by him since found were to
the effect that he got on the train, but was told to
get off when it stopped before passing the junc
tion, which he did, hut fell through the bridge
in trying to walk across. He could not speak
after being brought to the station, aud seemed
not to know his wife.
A Man Murdered in Cherry Valley.—
The people of Cherry Valley were shocked, yes
terday morning, by the finding of a murdered
man’s body on the road leading to the reservoir,
a short ili.stance above the house of Mr. Hodges.
The body lay beside the road in a ditch, with
the face beaten into a horrid and shapeless mass,
while a number of bloody stones around the
spot bore unmistakable evidence of having been
used in the deed of death. The clothes were
pulled nearly oil', leaving the body almost naked.
The fiicts thus far elicited arc given below.
Yesterday morning, as three meu were going
to their work on the reservoir, they saw the
body laying in the ditch, and recognized it as
that of John Stack, on Irish laborer,who worked
with them on the reservoir lust spring, and was
discharged lor drunkenness and disorderly con
duct They also saw Michael Humphrey going
up from the brook a short distance away, aud
noticed that his clothes were bloody, lie was,
on the suspicion attending those circumstances
arrested for muider, and w ill be arraigned in
the municipal court on that charge this morn
ing. James Madden was also arrested on the
same charge, it being known that he was with
Stack and Humphrey on the night before.
The murdered man has no family iu this
country, but told of having a wife aud children in
Ireland; no one, however, seems to really know
anything about him, only that lie came to Cherry
Valley a year ago or more Irom someplace in
Connecticut, since which time he has been
known there as a troublesome character, having
been arrested several times for fighting. Since
hi; discharge from the reservoir works,lie has fre
quently visited the hands with;whom lie worked—
generally just after pay-day—and on each occa
sion staid around the village drinking and fight
ing for several days. He made such a visit
nearly a week ago, and it is thought that while
going about with his companions, Monday night,
they fell into a quarrel, and iu their drunken
ness (ought until Stack was killed. Mr. Hodges
says he heard a disturbance shortly alter mid
night, but thought nothing of it, because of the
frequency of such noises, arising from the
nightly brawls of the village.
Coroner J. Marcus Rice was notified, and on
arriving at the place where the body lay, or
dered its removal to some suitable place, where
upon it was taken to the basement of the Meth
odist church. Dr. O. Martin, by direction of
the coroner, made an autopsy of it, and a coro
ner’s jury, consisting of Wm. F. Holman, Wm.
H. lie.ywood, Henry O. Smith, Jerome Bottom
iy, Eli Collier and Jerome M. Parker, was em
panellel, and will sit upon the case at rooms iu
the police station of this city, at nine o’clock
this morning.
The man was n short, thick set, dark complex
ioned individual, with full heard, and was ap
parently aboiii forty years of use. It is thought
that he worked on the Boston, Barre and Gard
ner railroad during the summer.
The following is the additional list of sub
eribers to the Chicago fund since Monday even
ing:
A Triend 6 Thomas Carmoody 1
Eugene* Abbott 2 James Cunningham 2
William Brown 3 Francis Collins, boy 1
Timotliv Burns 1 Michael Campbell 1
Michael Bartlett 1 Daniel 'ourtuey 1
Thomas O'Bryan 1 James Connors 1
Michael Brennan 1 Michael Cahill 1
Thomas Burke 1 John Crawley 1
Lawrence O'Bryau 2 Charles Cussor 1
Luige Borrizola 1 John Connolly 2d 1
James Burns 1 Terry onnors 3
Joseph Bums 1 John Callery 3
Jolm Burns 1 Sebastiu autiere 1
Charles Buchanan 1 Lazaro Cozi 1
Edward Barngan 126 Cash 6
F K Bullard 2 (.'has Stubbs 12
Timothy Brosnihan 1 Win O Grady lo
Michael brosuinau 1 D .1 Whitney 2
John Bulger 2 11 1* Lyon 2
Cornelius Coffee 1 Geo I* Cobbry 10
Patrick Commons 1 W S Wheeler 2
John Curley 102 Chas Baker o 60
Michael Coulou 50 AII Flake 6
Michael (Jonway 1 James Ply nipt on 5
.lohu Culla, 1 Employes of Welling-
Goo Carrigau, 1 ton’s Manchesterst
.lohn Cozi, 50 Coal Yard, 20
Matthew Carnichell, 60 Employes of Strong
Sebastian Cagnatti 1 Rogers’ Coal
John Caliban, 1 Yard, Southb’ge
Florence« ,'urran, 1 street, 10
Patrick Conlin, 2 Employes Fuller’s
Bartlett Connell 1 Central st. coal
Thos Connors, 1 87 Yard, 7
Patrick Connolly. 2 Employes Welling-
Patrick Corey, 360 ton’s ity Coal
.lohn onlin, 2 25 Yard, 30
.Jere Kelehau, 1 87 CC It ale, 6
.James Collins, 1 76 Daniel Couglmn. 2
Michael Doyle, 162 Chas L Putnam, 26
Nathaniel Dean, 1 Employes of Fore-
Nicholas Dailey, 60 hand Wads-
James Dunn, 1 worth, 76 60
Thos Dona hoe, 1 Employes Arcade
Timothy Dowd, 1 -Mai Iron Co, 60 60
Patrick O'Day, Jr, 1 60 A G Mann, 26
Patrick O’Day, 1 M J Bisnnuett, 1
Matthey Dougau, 1 L Reeves, 1
James Day, 1 E Sullivan, 1
John Dwyre, 1 R Cole, l
Thos Dunn, 2 John Sharkey, 3
Thos Doherty, l L W Gibson, 1
James Duffee, 1 M Martin, 1
Thos Dolan, 3 DA Vaughan, 1
Ml ;hael It Davis, 1 Richard Brown, 1
Peter Degnsu, 1 Thos O’Brien, 1
Geo Daifeli, 1 Thus Cumuuiord, 3
nrlo Daffeli, 1 John Tabu, 1
Michael Donahoe, 1 Peter Burnish, 1
James Dee, 2 Lewis Snow, 1
Timothy Donahoe, 1 John Burr, 1
Michael Donahoe, Peter Larvey, 6
boy, 1 Harvey Clapp, 1
Michael O’Donnell, 2 David L Tuttle, 2
James D Kguan, 1 Frank Harvey,’ 1
Chas Earley, 1 Joshua odmtn, 1
Win Farmer, 6' Martiu Gray, 1
Patrick Flemming, 1 John Conway, 1
Peter Foley, 1 John P Leaky, 2
Dm lei Fitzgerald, 360 John hat wood, 2
John Fiannagan,2d, 1 Michael N Conway, 1
John Fitzpatrick, 1 Andrew Arbour, 1
Edward Fitzpatrick, 1 Warren Clapp, 2
Lawrence Flaherty, 1 Albert Wing, 2 60
Nicholas Parley, 160 C Dupen, 1
Philip Fitzpatrick, 1 HD Roche, 10
John Fahey. 1 D W Fitz, 1
Antonio Paillette, 1 T Euright, 2
Thomas Flaunigau, 1 P Glynn, 1
Richard Farley, 1 E Lovett, 2
Michael G.iffuey, 187 Geo McKeuge, 3
Martin Griffin, 1 T Laughlin, 1
John Gutelev, l E Welch, 2
Alexander Gero, 1 Win Duzer, 1
Michael Uanuon, 1 Joseph Tessle, 6
P.-ter Giovaunelli, 1 PS Parker, 6
Patrick Unffiu, 1 Oliver Snow, 6
Michael Gilyun, 1 87 Phelix Larvey, 1
John Cannon, 160 Michael Reagan, 2
James Gaffnev. 2d 1 Patrick Kelley, 1
v James UaAlley, 8 60 John Mahoney, 1
John Gaffliev, 1 W« Kidney, 6
I Michael Glenn, 2 Michael Bradley, \SO
Thomas Gnfthoy, l John Barrett, 1
Edward Hulpin, 3 Jumc* L Suowliug, 1
Joliu Hickey, 4 Theodore Latteur, 1
Hantol Harrington, 1 John Kelly. I
Michael Hucketf, 4 J W Powers, l
Patrick O’Harra, 3 P Brostilhau, 3
Thomas Hoyt, 1 25 Morris Janey, 1
Patrick Itaekott, 1 Cornelius Brosniliau 1
Michael Hurlihoy, 1 John Brosmhan, 1
Michael Heaven*ml, 1 Thomas Brosnihun, 1
Peter Ileaverend, 2 Brigham Converse, 25
John Hines, 8d t Martin Hubbard, 2
Thomas Hayes, 50 Joseph Adams, 1
James Joyce, 1 T Tein, 2
Patrick Judge, 1 Joseph Matt, l
Timothy Joyce. 2 Heury McDonald, 1
Philip Kelley, 2 K Ituclne, 1
Geoffry lieutiug, 1 Dennis Lucas, 1
James'Kelley, 1 A Eno, 1
Thomas Kearse, 1 E Pluid, 1
Luke Kennedy, 1 A Stone, 1
Patrick Krouiu, 1 Michael Harzau, 2
Edward Kromu, 1 G L Robbins, 11
Eaword Kelley, 150 FBiain, 2
James Kelley, 2 Mr Tumbley. 1
Edward Keevan, 2 Joseph (Joterre, 1
Alfred Keyes, 102 Franklin Striker, 1
John Kelley, 2 E B Walker, 25
John Kelley, 2d, 2 David Brousher, 1
Stephen Kelley, 1 Daniel Spooner, 2
Oweu Kennedy, 1 50 Cash. 50
Thomas Kilday, 1 F A J N Intrersou,2o
Timothy Kennedy, 1 87 W \V Ingerson, 5
John Kelley, 3d, 187 Joseph Boucler, 1
John Leary, 102 L Berry, 1
Daniel Leary, 1 Richard Johnson, 2
Miles Laviu. 1 John Cannon, 2
Thomas Lee, 1 Jure Cannon, 1
Lawrence Logan. 1 Patrick Kelley, 1
John Lavelle, 2 Employes of Worces-
John Mulchay, 160 ter Nashua rail-
Peter Layette, 2 road company. 14 50
Philip Met une, 102 L Osborn, 5
John Murphy, 1 N A Lombard and
Patrick Murphy, 1 employes, 100
Michael McGuiuessy.l S R Luland Sc Co, 60
Wm McNelly, 1 LII Gardner, 6
John Moore, 2 U C Wakefield, 6
Con Mack. 1 LL Pollard, 5
Michael Mannis, 1 Mathew Richards, 150
John McGrath, 1 Joseph Rogers. 2
Morrill Madden, 1 Patrick Shurry, 1
John Mack, 1 50 Patrick Sheehan, 1
Henry Michaell. 2 Patrick Segrec, 1
Thomas Moran, 1 William Spencer, 2
Michael Marrs. 150 Michael Sullivan, 2
Jerry Morriarty, 1 Peter Shary, 1
George .Mathews, 1 James Silk, 187
Joseph McLaugh)iu,3 Martin Sharry, 1
Dennis McOatferty, 1 John Sharry, 1
.Michael McGauuu, 1 Jacob Schumacher, 3
Wm McCulferty, 160 Benj Satchwell, 2
Guissoppe Aleos, 1 Joseph Segar, 1
Deuui-Murphy, 1 JohnSolnri, 75
John Mackin, 2 Antonio Sugree, 50
Keorn Murray, 3 James Spiers, 2
Johu McGlrl* 360 Charles Stewart, 2
Frauk Murley, 1 Pat’k Sullivan 4th, 1
John McCann, 150 John Sullivan, 1
Patrick McCarthy, 1 50 James Speuc«*r, 2
Thomas Murphy, 1 Patrick Scully, 2
Timothy Miuihan, 1 Johu Sullivan 2d, 187
James McCarthy, 187 John Sullivan, 162
Patrick Noon, 1 Wm Santon, 2
Patrick Quinn, 1 Peter Santon, 1
Geromim Queroli, 1 Humphrey Sullivan, 1
Antonio Queroli, 1 Michael Sullivan, 1
James Richmond, 162 John Toomey, 1
John Reardon, 1 John Traino, 50
Peter Reynolds, 1 Joseph Whatley, 4
Timothy ltedicuu, I Peter Wallace,' 1
James Reynolds, 1 Frauk Willard. 50
Bernard Riley, 1 Albert Wheelock, 2
Con Reardon, 1 Jerry Warren, 1
Con Reardon 2d, 1 James Gleason, 150
Joseph Ruzzi, 1 50 Patrick ffro*nihan, 1
Salvio Hadine, 1 James McFarland, 6
Seratiuo|Homorctti, 1 Wm Glvii.s, 6
Baptisto Rosa, 60 Thomas J Welch, 5
The above includes the employes of the ushburn
iron company, who contribute $813.15.
Weir Babbit, 6 l’olice department
C B Raw son, 1 additional, sent
Employes of R Ball to Chicago by
Sc Co, 103 Officer Wa a li-
Kmployes of Rich- burn, 167
ardson, Merriam C o n g r e gational
Co, 110 50 church of Stur-
EB« rane, 25 bridge, 20
F B White, 6 Merrick Bemis, 50
D B Com ins, 10 Mrs E Mulligan, 50
F o x mills em F B Norton, 10
ploye 70 Andrew Malm, 2 50
B Frederickson. 2 Otto Soderberg, 2
L W Sutherland, 2 John Yeppsou, 250
Swell Pulsou, 2.
Amount previously reported $36,055 21
Subscriptions on Tuesday 1,737 14
Total amount subscribed $37,702 35
Chas. B. Whiting, Treasurer.
COUNTY NEWS.
The operatives in the woolen mills in Spencer
have contributed $55 to the Wisconsin sufferers,
and have sent it to the governor ol* Wisconsin.
There is a pair tree upon the old Wheeler es
tate, in Croydon, N. H., lul years old, which
was carried to that town from Uoyalston in 1770.
In Holden, J. N. Russ and Chas. E. Parker
have been appointed delegates to the councillor
convention; J. N. Boss aud Ethan Davis to the
senatorial convention.
At a Chicago relief meeting held in Brookfield
Monday evening, $250 was subscribed, and a
committee was chosen to canvass the town aud
collect garments and money.
In tlie first district court, at Southhridgc, yes
terday. Martin Bartlett paid $5 and eosts for
assault and battery, and $3 and costs for drunk
enness. At Webster, Edward Louison und Ste
phen Medge paid S 3 and costs each for drunk
enness.
The citizens of Holden met Monday evening
to take action in regard to sufferers in the late
fires at the west, and organized as follows:
President, Rev. Win. I*. Paine, I).!). secretary,
Capt. J. 11. Gleason; treasurer, Col. J. N. RohS.
A committee of twelve was appointed to can
vass the town and report at an adjourned meet
ing, the 23d inst.
Lowell Sylvester of Westminster, on the 14th,
while out gunning in Winchester, N. H., acci
dentally shot himself. He was standing look
ing into a tree, Isis gun breech on the ground,
when from some unknown cause the gun dis
charged, the charge entering his neck and sev
ering the curotid artery, lie died immediately.
Two companions were with him.
At a parish meeting of the Evangelical church
and society, held in Leominster on the 16ib,
Deacon F. A. Whitney acting as moderator, the
subject of building a new church was considered.
The sum of $25,000 having been subscribed, the
following named gentlemen were chosen as a
building committee: William Tilton, William
Howland, George Hall, John Shed, Sawyer Por
ter, F. A. Whitney and J. A. Kendall. The com
mittee is empowered to dispose of the old church
edifice, and to clear the ground for a new one.
The District Court System.— lt has been
supposed by some that the district court estab
lished in the southern part of this county would
nrove a failure, on account of the great expense
necessary to maintain it, but the facts are other
wise. This court has been established ten weeks,
and during that time the amount of money re
ceived, payable to the county, exceeds all ex
penses, including the salary of the justice, over
three liund'cd dollars.
Paxton.— At a meeting ol the republican
voters of Paxton, held Oct. 16th, delegates to
the councillor convention were chosen as fol
lows: Silas I). Harrington and Dwight Esta
brook; senatorial convention, Win. Mulligan
ami Thomas B. Robinson; representative con
vention, John C. Bigelow and Nathaniel Clark.
Before choosing the delegates to the representa
tive convention, the following resolution was
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, it is understood that the republican
vot**ra of the tenth district desire to return our
present representative, William Mulligan, Esq.,
ami, whereas, the honesty, integrity and ability
which has characterized his course the present
year, entitles him to our fullest confidence aud con
tinued support; therefore
Resolved, that our delegates be, and are hereby,
instructed to present his name to the convention as
t lie choice ot the republican voters of l’uxtou.
The republican town committee for the ensu
ing year consists of Dwight Estabrook, David
(1. Davis, Hiram P. Bemis, Charles Dodd and
Lewis Kilburn.
Criminal Record.
SAFE ROIIBRD.
Binghamton. Oct. 17.—The safe of the rail
way hotel and Susquehanna depot was robbed
of 530.000 Sunday night. The money belonged
to the Erie railway paymaster.
HEAVY ROBBERY.
Brooklyn, Oct. 17 Messrs. Boere& Broth
ers’ lace establishment, Brooklyn, was robbed
last night of *IO,OOO worth of laces. No arrests.
CHINAMAN ROBBED AND MURDERED.
San Francisco, Oct. 17. —Two white boat
men murdered and robbed a Chinaman near
Beattie, Washington territory, and escaped.
KUKLCX.
Montgomery, Ala., Oct. 17.—The sub-ku
klux committee have begun their lal*ors here;
subsequently they will go to Deinopolis, theuee
probably to Washington.
TERRIBLE TRAGEDY.
Louisville, Oct. 17 —ln Warsaw, Ky., yes
terday, a man named Gridley, who had killed
another named Worth, was himself shot dead in
jail by a party of citizens.
According to the English consul at Rome, the
tine voices among the Roman people are ac
counted for in this way: Roman mothers have a
way of hanging their infants by their clothes to
a nuil in the wail, and permitting them to cry
by the hour together. This uninterrupted wad
ing “exercises and forms the vocal orgaus in an
extraordinary way." We should think it might,
WORCESTER: WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 18, 1871.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TKI.KOKAI-H
vo nmviiiii uiiu daily irt
FIRE RECORD.
The Chicago Conflagration.
After Hie Fire -The Work of ICebuililiuß
the Oily—Couditiou of the Buuki -The
€4ruud and Noble Churity of the World.
etc.
AFTER THE FIRE.
Chicago, Oct. 17.—The end of the first week
after the fire finds the people of Chicago recover
ing from the shock in some measure, aud going
to work to repair damages as fast as possible.
Many frame stores are already up, and boards
are being drawn on a number of lots for build
ing. Stores will be opeu with full stocks of
goods in a few days. The feeling is universal
that the city will be rapidly rebuilt. The insur
ances continue to turn out better than it was at
first feared, and large amounts are being paid
to policy holders in order to enable them to re
sume business, l’he telegraph wires are still
terribly crowded with business, so that it is
almost impossible to send any news.
THE BANKS ARE SOUND.
The following dispatch was sent to-day to
Hon. Geo. S. Bout well:
“Chicago banks arc sound, and are paying
every dollar on demand, flood feeling prevails,
li. U. Huri.uitkd,
Controller of Currency.”
The banks, national and savings, resumed
business to-day. Calls from tlcpositors for mon
ey were light. Many sought to ascertain their
balances, and to what extent they could safely
draw hereafter. Many* deposits were made.
There was no excitement or rush. At the Third
national bank, $45,000 was checked out and $72,-
000 deposited. The State savings bank prepared
for a rush, bat only forty depositors called for
money. The aggregate was greatly exceeded
by the deposits.
lumber.
The attempt made by a number of lumber
dealers, yesterday, to carry up the price of lum
ber from three to four dollars per thousand feet,
was resisted by many lumber dealers aud was
defeated. Fully 250,000,000 feet are now in the
yards, and the supply continues abundant.
MURDERER CAPTURED.
The police have captured an Italian saloon
keeper, Oregon Petri, who stabbed two men
Monday night week.
THE DEAD.
The total number of bodies on which inquests
have been held to last nig lit is ninety-two.
When the debris in the burned districts is re
moved, it is expected that many more will be
discovered.
THE HOARD OF TRADE.
The board of trade has decided to appoiut a
committee to select a suitable lot near the old
board of trade rooms and erect temporary build
ings.
ADDRESS FROM SHERIDAN.
Gen. Sheridan issues an address, announcing
the continuation ot peace and quietness. There
lias been no case of violence since the disaster.
BUILDINGS.
Many contracts for rebuilding were con
summated to-day. Among those who propose
to build at once are Win. J. Coolbaugh, 11. G.
Power, C. F. Wheeler, Brown Bros., George
Armours, John li. Drake, J. C. Walker, Potter
Palmer, Matthew Lafiili, C. A. Breckwith,
Edwin Hunt, Frederick Tuttle, Gregstiu
Marina, James 11. Reese, the Tribune, etc. The
entire block fronting east from Kundolpii to
Washington street is to be rebuilt. The great
Union depot foot of Lake street will be built on
an enlarged scale.
LEAVING THE CITY.
Passes were issued to-day for IUOO persons
leaving the city.
THE POST OFFICE.
The action of the post office authotities in
locating the office on the side where there are
less than one-third the population, and no gas,
has created great surprise and a good deal of
indignation.
I,omn4‘n nuil liimuranet*.
COMPANIES THAT HAVE SUSPENDED.
The following list, carefully prepared from
latest dispatches, gives the names of companies
that have either failed or temporarily sus
pended
New York—Security, Astor, Beckman, Excel
sior, Guardian, Market, Mercantile, Washing
ton. Lorillard, .Etna, (>llll monwealth, Fulton,
Irving, Manhattan, New Amsterdam, Yonkers.
Providence —Atlantic, Hope, American, Provi
dence Washington, Roger Williams.
Albany—Albany City, Commerce, Capital
City.
St. Louis—American Central.
Buffalo—Buffalo City, Buffalo F. and M.,
Western.
Hartford—Charter Oak, Commercial, City,
Merchants’, Putnam.
Cleveland—Cleveland Firg.
Philadelphia—Enterprise.
Boston —Hide and Leather, Independent, New
England F. and M.
Norwich—Norwich Fire.
San Kraneisco—Occidental, Pacific.
Nearly all the above named com
panies have already been mentioned
among the heavy Jossers, and the re
ported failures of several ot them were an
nounced yesterday. The capital of the Norwich
company was $3,000,000, and its assets amount
ed to $378,718. The capitals and assets of the
other companies have already been given. The
losses of the Boston companies are reported us
follows:
Independent $1,000,000
National. 480000
Hide and Leather 760,000
Shoe aud Leather 25,000
North American 10,600
Firemans 35,000
Manufacturers 130,000
Boylstou 13)500
ewy 15,000
Elliot 12.000
Franklin 50,000
Howard 27,600
Neptune 50,000
Merchants 10,000
Suffolk 23,000
Tremont 0,000
Washington 25,000
Lawrence 12,000
New England 500,000
IN GENERAL.
The nine lire insurance companies in Hartford
have, since their organization, paid losses to the
amount of $59,815,000, and the Chicago fire
swells this amount seven or eight millions.
Tlie World’* Sympathy.
ACROSS THE WATERS.
London, Oct. 17.—The subscriptions to the
Chicago fund, received at the Mansion house up
to last night, amounted to 23,600 pounds. The
committee of American residents of London are
ulso receiving subscriptions, and have arranged
for the immediate dispatch of money or goods.
At a meeting at Bradford two thousand pounds
were received; at Dublin 1200 pounds; at
Wolverhampton and Glasgow 100 pounds eacii
Later.— The destruction of Chicago is still
the all-absorbing topic. Newspapers continue
appeals, and the people respond gloriously.
The mayor publishes a statement acknowledg
ing the receipt of a multitude of small dona
tions not included iu the total of £28,600 al
ready reported. The mayor appends uu ex
hortation to continue subscriptions until the
amount devoted to this cause is worthy of the
emergency, and ot the great citv of London.
This morning the subscriptions' at Liverpool
reached £10,000; £100; Cork,£4oo; Dub
lin, £1,500; Handy, £400; Birmingham has
already forwarded the first instalment ot £2OOO,
and further contributions arc being tnarle.
A relief meeting was held in .Sheffield, to-day,
the mayor presiding. Two thousand poiiuds
were collected in a few minutes, several leading
merchants and manufacturers contributing
£250. The newspapers comment at length up
on the fires at Chicago and in the northwest,
and deplore the paucity of details. 111 such a
case as this, the excessive tariff charged by the
Ailantic cable becomes a public misfortune.
THE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
The following are reported:
Europe.
London $126,000
Liverpool 60, (too
Leeds 2,000
Fork 2,000
Dublin 7,500
Handy 2,000
Birmingham 100.000
.Sheffield 10,600
Frankfort 10,000
Manchester 26,000
MISCELLANEOUS.
The Boston com mi tree at Chicago telegraph
that Massachusetts ought to give a million in
money and supplies.
At a meeting of Yale college students, yester
day, subscriptions were started lor the Chicago
sufferers. They intend to raise SIOOO.
The executive relief committee of the New
York chamber of commerce has asked the gen
eral committee for jaiwer to use a portion of
the douatiou for sufferers in Michigan aud WU
ponsiin,
Other Fires.
The t'oiilliitfi-i)liou« in (lie Itfoi'lllWfil.
RELIEF.
Detroit, Oct. 17.—Earnest appeals conic
from the north uml north western portions of the
state, which are responded to liberally. Every
train and boat conveys help to the sufferers. In
thirty days water communication with the dc
vestated districts will cease, after which supplies
must he teamed sixty miles to Manistee, and
fifty to one hundred miles into St. Clair and
Huron counties. Speedv assistance must he
rendered, and contributions for these places
should be sent to Senator Fcrrv, Grand Rapids,
Michigan. In the vicinity of Holland, nearly six
thousand persons are needing daily supplies of
food.
San Francisco, Oct. 17.—A meeting of the
citizens has been called to consider the pro
priety of donating all over 5100,000 to the
Michigan and Wisconsin sufferers.
ASSISTANCE ASKED.
Detroit, Oct. 17.—Gov. Baldwin lias issued
a proclamation, calling earnestly for contribu
tions for sufferers by the fires. Michigan com
mittees have been appointed at Detroit and
Grand Rapids to receive the same.
ANOTHER APPEAL.
Boston, Oct. 17.—The follow ing was received
here this evening:
Grand Haven, Mich., Oct 17.—The cities of
Holland aud Manistee need material sympathy.
The former city is entirely destroyed, and there
are three thousand homeless people. Their im
mediate wants are supplied; but, with a long
winter in view and business prostrated, they
must tie cared for. Contributions sent to Sen
ator Ferry will safely reach the designated des
tination.
FROM EUROPE.
Ciircnt IKrituin.
RAILWAY ACCIDENT.
London, Oct. 17.—A dispatch from Maryhill,
county of Lanark, three miles from Glasgow,
announces the wrecking of a passenger train,
by which two persons were killed and fifteen se
riously wounded.
ARRIVED SAFE.
The arrival at Queenstown of the steamship
“City of Paris,” safe and in good order, relieved
much anxiety. The report of her being disa
bled was erroneous, and originated iu u mistake
of the signal telegrapher at Cape Clear.
DIPLOMATIC.
The Gazette contains the following diplomatic
appointments: Sir Andrew Buchanan, minister
nt Vienna; Lord Loftus,minister at St. Peters
burg; Mr. Odo Russell, minister at Berlin.
KiiiMiu.
PRO BAH L Y F. XAG G ERAT KD.
London, Oct. 17.—Advices from Odessa stare
that 800 buildings in the town of Bogooslaw
were burned by incendiary fires. It is believed
to be the work of fanatical oppressors ol the
Jews. A great proportion of the inhabitants
are of the Jewish faith.
(kerina uy.
THE REICIISRATII.
Berlin, Oct. 17 —After the speech of the em
peror, yesterday, the reichsrath adjourned with
out transacting any business, there being no
quorum present.
Chinn.
AWFUL STORY OF DEATH.
London, Oct. 17. —The details received of the
recent storms and floods in t hina, represent the
loss of life and property very great. At least
three thousand persons are said to have per
ished.
Turkey*
CHOLERA.
London, Oct. 17. —Advices from Constantino
ple state that ttic cholera has again appeared in
that city and suburbs, in two days sixty per
sons died, ten of whom were Englishmen.
From Washington.
COTTON.
Washington, D. C., Oct. 17.—The official re
port ol the agricultural bureau says: Thu cotton
reports for October are unimproved. The aver
age of September is sustained in no state, being
for the first week in October 76, against 80 perjct
iu September. Injuries reported are from rust,
shedding of bolls, prematurely cold weather in
northern latitudes, flood and inundations iu
Florida and Georgia, and boll and army worm
in portions of Mississippi and more western
states. Losses from inseets are not very serious
or general. Drouth occasions more depreciation
than any oilier cause. The present indications
are that the crop will not exceed 3,000,000 bales,
ami, if the remainder of the season is unfavor
able, must be small.
tin: CIVIL SERVICE.
The civil service commission commenced its
sessions to-day. Mr. Medill was absent, owing
to the Chicago calamity. Mr. Cuttell was de
tained by business, but will be here in a day or
two. Discussion on the opinion of the attorney
general upon the questions propounded to him
will continue several days.
MOKE KUKLUX ARRESTED.
A dispatch from Corinth, Miss., reports the
arrest of five kuklrx in Tishomingo county, with
complete disguises. It is believed that the
entire gang will be captured They shot a white
man and woman two weeks ago, injuring both
seriously.
ANOTHER “iRKF.GUI.ARIST.'’
After the exposure of the Hodge defalcation,
an order was issued to examine the accounts of
all disbursing officers of the government. These
examinations have been conducted iu a most
rigid manner, and resulted in unearthing many
irregularities. The accounts of Gen. liullock,
who has been acting as disbursing officer of the
freed men's bureau, are discovered to be irregu
lar iu many particulars. He had a large amount
of money deposited in New York. The exam
ination of his accounts shows a discrepancy of
$500,000 between the amount which he claimed
to have deposited in New York, and the amount
actually found there to his credit.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars of
this amount was found to have been deposited
in the United States treasury in bonds, con
trary to law, which makes it felony and em
bezzlement for any officer of the government to
exchauge government funds for any other pur
pose for which the funds are placed in his hands.
The balance of the $500,000 has not yet been
discovered. Various rumors prevail as to the
extent of Bullock's criminality. When these
irregularities were first discovered, the war de
partment issued an order for Bullock's arrest,
which was subsequently modified to suspension
ordismissal. His accounts are now undergoing
an examination in the second auditor's office.
The officials are very reticent on the subject.
MARTIAL LAW FOR THE KUKLUX.
A presidential proclamation was issued to
night, reciting that:
Whereas, the insurgents engaged iu unlawful
combinations within the counties of Spartanburg,
York, .Marion, Chester, Laurens, Newberry, Fair
field, Lancaster and Chesterfield, in the state of
South Carolina, have not dispersed and given up
their arms and disguises, in obedience to the pro
clamation of the 12th inst.; therefore,
I» Ulysses .S. Grunt, president of the United States
of America, do hereby declare that, in my judg
ment, the public safety especially requires that tin;
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus be susjh?tided,
to the end that such rebellion may be overthrown,
and do hereby suspend the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus within said counties, in respect to all
r arsons urrested by the marshal of the United
tates, his deputies, or any military officer, soldier
or citizen acting under their orders.
The Nailois’ Peril...
Southampton, Ontario, Oct. 17.—Charles
Lustrum, a sailor from the schooner Kxcelsior,
of Erie, was picked up off Southampton, ttwlay,
floating ou a part of the cabin. Several of the
crew were floating on planks, but a boat sent
out could not rescue them, and their fate is un
known. The vessel sank between Thunder bay
and Middle island. She left Milwaukee ou the
Bth, and foundered on the Jstli. She had a
cargo of 18,000 bushels of wheat. All the crew,
nine in number, are believed to have perished,
except Lustrum
Mexico.
Havana, Oct. 17.—Juarez has been elected
president of Mexico by congress, receiving 108
votes, all that were east. The opposition
abstained from voting. All is quiet iu the city
of Mexico.
The Weather.
Washington, Oct. 17, 7 i\ m— Probabili
ties.—A rising barometer, with clear and pleas
ant weather, is probably for Wednesday from
the lower lakes to Texas and northwestward;
cloudy and clearing weather in New England
and on the South Atlantic coast. Fresh iiurtli
erly winds on the gulf coast; light winds on the
Atlautie, and fresh westerly winds on the lakes.
Affair*.
THE TURF.
New York, Oct. 17.—A match has been ar
ranged between American Girl and the geldiug
Judge Fullerton, for S2OOU, mile heats, at Fleet
wood park within a fortnight.
THE NATIONAL GAME.
Boston, Oct. 17. —The exhibition game of
base ball between the Mutuals, of New York,
and the Bostons, to-day, wus won by the latter
—ls to B^_
The Halifax llurricauc.
Halifax, N S., Oct. 16. —There was great
damage done to the wharves ami other property
by the gale, Thursday night. There was great
destruction of property throughout the province,
but the loss of life is small. The railway to
Bedford is badly damaged. There are no trains
ruuniug.
A correspondent writes from Paris: “I am
firmly convinced that unless the republicans
give an immediate and hearty support to Thiers
the emperor will soon return, but if the empire
is again recalled, it will be by universal suffrage,
and because the republicans will have weakened
the present government so that the empire will
be necessary. Everybody thiuks it, and knows
jtj but no one dares to say it,"
Our Now York Dispatches.
New York, Oet 17.- The ease of Win. F.
lluvemever, one of the citizens’ committee
against Win. 11. Ingersoll, came up again be
lore Judge Barnard to-day. The judge granted
i the application to examine the defendant. An
j examination of the defendant, thcretore, was
ordered, and the motion to vacate the next order
was denied.
The Times states that the report of the sub
committees on the city frauds has been eomplet
j ed and will soon he made public. Their reports
fasten the conviction at last upon the thieves
1 who have robbed the citizens.
The same paper also says the fact leaked out
that the laborers on the public parks and boule
vards are undergoing a course of military drill
for any emergency that may arise in the coming
election. The police, however, knew nothing of
it. A movement is also on foot tint a mass
meeting of the citizens be held at the Cooper
institute, to make arrangements for a general
suspension of business for oue dav and a parade
nl a committee of five thousand citizens, who
shall wait upon Mayor Hall and demand proper
Mifeguards for the purity of the election in No
vember.
At Albany, to-day, Gov. Hoffman received the
sub-committee of the committee of seventy, and
gave a hearing concerning the frauds in New
urk. Judge Picrrepont made uu appeal for the
interposition of the executive, to arrest the
abuses in the city, and for military aid to re
press riot, if any occur. Gov. Solomon and
Judge Barrett spoke in support of the applica
tion. Hoffman said:
“1 need not say that anything I can do in the
matter will he done. I do not see that Judge
I’icnvpont asks lor anything specific save for
military loree. Complete preparations will be
made of that nature. Is not the plundering
stopped, for the time ncing, by tlio appointment
of Mr. Green as deputy controller?”
Judge Picrrepont—“Yes, but the city credit is
not restored.”
Hoffman—“l should think your committee
would point out to me something specific. The
attorney general is present to speak for himself.
1 am sure he will do all that lies in his power to
aid your committee. Judge Kmott, of your
committee, is not present to-day. He stated to
pie some days since that lie thought the govern
or had no power in the matter as to which
you addressed me. I shall ask the attorney
to take into his counsel Charles O’Conor, the
acknowledged head of the New York liar. I
will use the military iu ease ot disturbance, and
will do my whole duty as l may further find
what it may be.”
Mr. Barrett asked the governor, if facts were
brought to his knowledge going to prove that
the next election would not be fairly hoiden,
would he interfere in the interest of a fair elec
tion
1 he governor said it would he time enough to
consider that question when the facts were pre
sented.
Mr. Barrett replied that he could give two
tacts bearing on the subject. Two captains of
precincts had been removed lately from the po
lice, and others appointed, who avowed their
intention to aid the Tammany ring in the elec*
don. lie anticipated bloodshed iu certain sec
tions of New York, it some measures were not
put in force.
Ihe governor said he did not at all anticipate
bloodshed. Public sentiment was against vio
lence.
Tin* attorney general made a few remarks, ex
pressing willingness to co-operate with the com
miiicc ol seventy in the interest of good govern
ment. He would write a letter, which they
might take with them, to New York, requesting
Charles O’Conor to act as counsel for the state
in any action that might be brought iu connec
tion with frauds.
After a little general conversation, the inter
view terminated, and the committee returned to
New York.
At a meeting of leading Germans, to-night, a
committee, including many prominent Ger
mans, was appointed, to confer with the reform
democracy, for the purpose ofau alliauec against
1 ammany.
The body of John A. Lake was found in the
river this morning. The bodies of three other
men, unknown, were also found this morniug.
Ihe steamship ilainmouiu for Europe took
$58,000 in specie.
I lie Caledonia club have voted SIOOO each to
the Chicago and Michigan sufferers.
The projected union of the Fenians and Irish
Brotherhood, yesterday, at Jones’s Wood took
I’laee, but the head centres of belli organizations
were absent, flic late raid of O’Neil was strong
ly denounced.
The revenue.officers are making a successful
raid on the fifth ward illicit whiskey distillers
in Brooklyn, supported by government troops.
Several stills and other property were captured.
There was little opposition.
’llic registration of voters is progressing in
this city ami Brook I vji to-day.
Mrs. Scgiiin, while performing in Parepa’s
troupe last night, was taken with paroxysms of
grid and removed to her hotel, consequent on
the announcement that her daughter, Mrs. Frcxi
sliain, was killed at the Chicago fire.
,e era(Kral meeting last night Samuel
J. 1 ilden, chairman of the democratic state com
mittee, denounced Tammany as a set of thieves.
Over SSOOO was subscribed for the sufferers by
the Michigan fires, yesterday.
James Fee ley was fatally injured bv Thomas
a rev in a political row, in the 22d ivard, last
mght. Ihe latter was arrested.
Donations to the amount of S2OOO, from prom
inent citizens, have been received by the anti
cruelty society the past week.
A number ol relugee lads from Chicago are at
the newsboys’ lodging house.
The gold hoard, Monday, elected Wm. A. Gib
son president, and W. A. Hoyt vice president.
Jbbies Snowden murdered Chus. Cooley Mon
day evening with a razor; cause, jealousy. I
Both are colored.
li is stated that Mr. A.T. Stewart will tender
a grand banquet to the Grand Duke Alexis on
h s rriva, *he event being to maik the opening
oi Ins new mansion on Fifth avenue, the finest
private residence iu America.
.’ly lime steamers, Bristol and Providence,
still continue to rim between Fall Kiveraiul New
and will for several weeks longer, as there
seems to be uu falling off in the number of uas
senaers. The steamers of the Full Hirer line
will leave New lork at lour r,it. instead ol live
i*. m., on or about the 28d.
I he proper:y seized in Brooklyn bv the rev
enue officers is valued at fifty to seventy-five
thousand dollars, including over 500 barrels of
whiskey, thirteen stills and two large rcctilvin'*-
establishments J
Delegates from nearly every state will attend
the insurance convention to-morrow. Action
will doubtless be taken to relieve, in a great
measure, the strain upon the companies.
Judge Ingraham has ordered the suppression
ol the scandalous testimony in the suit of .Stokes
vs. Fisk.
Two thousand tickets will be issued for the
Alexis ball; price, $lO.
Ten thousand new shares in the Harlem rail
road (par half a million dollars) will be sold at
auction on Friday.
Patrick Kelly, uu alleged notorious dealer iu
counterfeit money for thirty years, has been ar
rested. Sixty-five dollars in bogus money were
found on his person.
New England Dispatches.
Neriou* (fhargCN Again*! ih«> OUicei* of
u Vcm*<*l—Heerplfon of (lie l*i<-»i«|.-ut
A Tcmpernucc .Tluilillr in i>n» llmup-
Nhire, etc.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Oct. 17. —In the United States court,
this morning, Csipr. Albert Winslow, of the
ship White Swallow, and William li. Wood,
mute, charged with scuttling that vessel on the
trip from Boston to Hong Kong, were each held
in SSOOO for trial in the district court.
Gloucester, Oct. 17.—The steamer Fortune,
cruising iu the bay last night, speaking some
twenty-live fishing vessels, heard nothing of the
British cruiser, or of the schooner Horton. The
reports of a Canadian cutter in our waters is
not confirmed by our pilots or by any vessel ar
riving from the fishing grounds, and the only
foundation for the reports arises from a vessel,
purported to have been seen from the shore, an
swering to the description of u blockade runner.
The excitement iu Gloucester is toning down,
although the arrival of the Horton is looked for
with feverish anxiety. The general sentiment
is, that no British armed vessel has been seen
off the cape, although the revenue officers are
still confident that the miners were well founded.
If such a vessel was here, she has retired from
the vicinity, as no one pretends to have seen her
here since Monday morning. Many believe the
reported cruiser lo have been u United States
steamer with a supply of oil for the light sta
tions, which would account fur her being iu the
localities where such a craft was reported to be
seen. Three or tour armed tug boats are cruis
ing to find the Horton, and protect her if neces
sary. The Leyden, under command of ('apt.
Belknap, with thirty marines from the Ohio,
and armed with 12-pound howitzers, came down
from the navy yard this afternoon, and relieved
the Fortune, which will go direct to Norfolk.
Nothing has been heard on the shore from the
110 toil, and there are many speculations, us to
the course she will take. Some say that it is not
probable that she will come directly to Glouces
ter, but that she will maka for some more
southerly port. Some say that she will be like
ly to come under cover of the night, and others
think that she will not hesitate to return boldly,
and as soon as possible, and that she must have
been delayed for want of wind. But. there is
really nothing to base judgment u|>oii regard
to her movements, she may be iu to-night, or
not be heard from for a week.
M AIX K
Augusta, Oet. 17.— President Gram and par
ty arrived in this city, ou their way to Bangor,
on a special train, at three o’clock. An immense
crowd of citizens and people from adjoining
towns assembled. Bells were rung, a salute
fired from the United States ursenalj gud lU\i
PRICE 1 (ENTS.
public buildings and many private houses wen*
handsomely decorated. The president was wel
comed to tin* state by Gov. lVrliam, and was, by
Mayor Eveleth, introduced to the vast crowds,
who received him with deafening cheers. The
special train leit at 8:80 for Banger.
NEW II AM I*Blll RE.
Concord, Oet. 17.—A number of liquor cases
came before the supreme court, now sitting in
this city. I his afternoon, Hamilton L. Rand’s
case was under consideration, and a witness de
clined to testify, saving he was not bound to
criminate himself. In this stand he was sup
ported by the counsel, who argued that he was
not compelled to answer, us his testimony might
show that, by offering a compensation for liquor,
he had induced the commission of a crime, and
thus become an accomplice, ami as such was as
liable to punishment as the person selling him
the liquor. The debate between the counsel and
and Judge Doe was continued over two hours,
and the judge’s fiual decision was that the
question raised was so important that
lie not compel the witness to
testify, neither would he commit him
for contempt of court, but suggested that
the case be continued and go before the full
bench. This was agreed to. Several other par
ties took the same stand, as their cases are simi
lar, aud were continued, to await the settlement
of this test.
The Democrat says, of the liquor muddle in
the supreme court: The zeal ol the county so
licitor has raised a feeling liable lo react on pol
itics, and it was necessary to evade this effect in
some way so as not to offend the strong prohibi
tory men or the liquor sellers; and, further,
that no decision will be reached by the full
bench till after March next; while tin* law is on
the books, as a sop to temperance men, yet such
a loophole is left that liquor dealers can escape.
The republicans totally deny such u view of the
ease.
Lawrence Whalen, of ('uncord, was commuted
this evening lor three months from the United
Stares circuit court, at Exeter, fur selling liquor
without paying the government tax.
The labor reform state committee met at the
Elm house, this evening, and passed resolu
tions to the following purport:
That political events show the need of a new
party.
The New York Tammany frauds tind a parallel in
the New York custom house.
While we do not endorse the record of General
Butler, we thank him, in behalf of the laboring
classes, for the truthful aud urgent statements of
facts in the late Massachusetts canvass.
We invite the co-operation of all, irrespective of a
oast political career, at the coming convention, to
be held in. December. .State Treasurer Cogswell was
president.
RHODE ISLAND.
Providence, Oct. 17. —Contributions of
money and clothing for Chicago are unabated.
The Wisconsin and Michigan sufferers are also
remembered. One thousand dollars, contributed
at the Journal office, have been sent to Senator
Ferry.
A bin e in led II le lie*.
The weather in California is very hot and dry.
Capt. Logan, an American, was drowned at
Shaughae.
I he rumors of a crisis in the Austrian cabinet
were premature.
A telegraphic cable between Barbadoes and
Demurura lias been successfully laid.
Eighty Catholic children have arrived in Cin
cinnati from Chicago, in care of the archbishop.
At Chaileston there were two deaths Ironi
yellow fever yesterday and two the day before.
At Malone, N. on Sunday, the congrega
tion in the Catholic church had just left the
basement when the church was blown down.
Frederick Temple Blackwood, Lord Dufferin
and paymaster general of England, has been
created ail earl.
Chicago ladies of wealth art* sending what re
mains of rich wardrobes and jewelry to New
York for sale to raise money to help the suffer
ers.
I l» e New York Sun asks “what lias become of
the Tammany naturalization mill? Here it is
only twenty days before the election and the
mill is not running. The law declares that all
papers must be taken out ten days before the
election. Are we to have a half-way honest
election Four colored men are sworn in as in
spectors of election in the eighth ward.
Under the head of “A Friendly Word to May
or Hall,” the New York World says: “Hall is a
democrat, aud owes something to a party which
has honored him with a very high trust. There
is no act by which he could do so much to re
deem the democratic party from obloquy and
himself from unjust aspersions, as bv the ap
pointment of Andrew 11. Green to the office of
controller. It is an act which would spike all
the rcpunlicnu guns in the pending canvass. It
would probably prevent the election of a repub
lican legislature.”
SURE CUKE!
JOHNSTON’S
Rheumatic
(umpoeiiul!
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WARRANTED—NO CURE, Nil PAY
See testimonials in Evening Gazette.
A(SKNOT WITH
EDWIN A. WARIIEV,
Apo tlieeary,
IN KAY STATE HOUSE,
dll
pATENT OFFICE BUSINESS Amerl
■A can aim Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ap
Plications ro-argued; Interference Cases I'ranee u led
Opinions given mm to the validity and infringement vt
Patents and Suite prosecuted ana defended in theU.3,
Courts, by
TIKM. IV nOIIOK.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman oflthe
Board of Appeals, U. H. patent office,) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodgers
Block, ooruer Park and Portland sts. Worcester. Mast,
ii 24 dctrtl
QLIV UK’S
STOVE STOItE,
988 M\l\ STREET OL1) NO. #7O
m.v24 dtf
A P. AMES, Residence, N<». .‘55 North
Ashland street. Carpels made, cleaned, put down,
and linings furnished. Houses cleaned, windows w ashed,
furniture polished, offices and furnace tires car. A for,
lamilics assisted in moving. Ac.
One Price Only. Terms Strictly Cash.
Mate—No. 1 Post Office. Hours. 7a. m.. 12 m., and 6P.
n. MRS. A. P. AMES, Gentlemen's laundry work done.
terms as above. dtf s |2
yy HE E I, E R A W 1 L SON’ S
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE TJ IE BEST
Ever Ottered to Pulrouiigt*.
They are simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with the
greatest rapidity; make an even and firm stitch, alike on
tiolh sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, ami
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use.
Call and see !>etore purchasing elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser.
Sir" Every Machine warranted.
BEAL IH ltdVil,
340 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTV.
•II deoptl
STONE
SEWING MACULAE
Klogant, Simple, and Durable
I.OtK-STITtII,
STRAIGHT NEEDLE AN II SHUTTLE.
fir Agents Wanted. Address Keystone Sowing Ma
chine Co., 220 Tremont »t Boston.
oil di n,ri.,vstf j, c. BROCK, Agent.
LkANDS
Everywhere are Invited to send their orders tor
BRASS INSTRUMENTS
to J.C. lIAYNES A CO., whose targe stock of excel
lent instruments, at moderate prices, furnishes one of
the very best opportunities for selection. At ilii-
brated instrument Store mav also he procured the best
Violins. Guitars, Flutina*, Aecordeuns, Files, Flageolet*.
LlTPmnos and Meiodeous for sale ami to let.
Band Music. Sheet Music, Music Books, and all kiudt
of Musicul Merchandise.
JOHN HAYNES* A CO.,
$1 CVUUi.I,, opposite the Court House. Ho.-ton.
ft! dgopAwly
ix
AllVtUlHnu Kill*.
I» Daily Hj*t—For the "Square’ of ten Hun no It
agate type, 1 time 75 eta,; each subsequent Insertion
ctn.; Iw. k $2.Ti; 2 weekaf4.«o; 1 month f»i.6o; 1 year
iso—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
•quart**. Two lines for one week ft 00; three line
four line* $1 :*.7; five lines $1 V). Local noth c* 2.1 cents
per line for each Insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notice-, resolutions, Ac., 16 cents per line
Legal advertisements flow per square for Amt ineer
tton; each subsequent insertion fit) cent*.
Hperial position*; in the paper, ami special styles of
display, will be charged extra rate* t ut- and duul* a
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wkkklt Si*y— First Insertion gl.Utl per square;
each subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months s;.iio; i,u«
year $25.0«.
ttl’l'.Cl.vr, ATTENTION!
I>r. I.iglitliill
W ILL BK AT Tllg
im STATE HIM Si:,
Thursday, Friday Saturday,
OCT. 10. 20 and 21,
where he enn be consulted on all disease f the
EYE, EJR, NOSE, THROAT AND CHEST.
Consultation free. wltAUStf old
Co %lt.
T° 1* ENT—A good I ower Tenement of 7
-1 rooms, on Benetlt I'uint. Ib-nt s.sper month.
'l-o, ot e Lower Tenement, with all modern imnreve
in.itts; barn. Ac., situated on Woodlands!. .\m.|vt«»
K. 11l ItI.AIM), Room 4 Rogers’ Block, cor. Main and
Pleasant sts. dtf „17
LET —An Upper Tenement of 5 or 7
rooms. Apply at N... Jackson -t.
«M d3t*

rooms. Inquire at 95 Chatham >t.
,1 dSl*
f|b) LET A two-tenement House, on Co
lunibia st. Inquire hi No. h Columbia -t.
2*6 dßt*
rr< LET A Lower Tenement of 4 rooms
In a new house on l'lnk si. vpplv nNo u mi!
oh,
PJR SALE OU TO LET —ln theeei.tre of
Itoylston. a Store and I'm.-mem N
room.-,, good barn ami one acre <>i land. K,u ivieron.v
iliqtine of HORACE KKNDAIJ ,or .lulls WhIM W
near the premises. .101 l N ANDREW S
Boylsion. Oct. It». Ik7J. ,Us
Y FINE LOT OF
Pianofortes and Organs
TO KENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
444 MAIN NT.
RICHARDS, METCALF C 0„
dtf srv BLOCK.
rilo LET Nice New Tenement of 7 rooms.
No 2 Larch at near Merrick i dtt
f r°, very desirable room* on
the third floor of house No. 6 William m. Ring ihe
lower Itell. dll'
LET—A suit of rooms over the Five
eat Savings Bank. Inquire of
dtl C. II IRRIft Sec *3
DW ROOM TO LET Up one flight,
v 4 sl National Bank Buii ling. Inquire it
1 National l ire In. <Vs office. ,lti 0 13
VO LET Two Tenements on Providence
si.-one or four rooms, one of three rooms, to Ainer
lean families, inquire Itelwecn H and 7r. m.
i.. W. V. POND,
,1 'Hi 11 Providence at.
FI KST-( SLASS LOW EH TEN EM ENT
l'* KEN l, at No. 2D Crown st. Inquire on the
i’ l du og
TiRT Rooms for light manufacturing
M. purposes, up one rtight. Impure at
WORCESTER SKIRT CO.,
att 'B ilii 584 Main sit.
WO LET in the Block owner of Main and
I'lcnsaut sts., on the third floor, a room ill x Ml.
Also, to lit, iu the New Block opposite the fomnmu
ts\.i roiiins mi the second Door, suitable for offices, one
*8 andone 20 x 25. R. o. T VYI oR
:1 dtf
TPO LET—Front Room, No. 535 Main 1
over H. c. Oliver's Harness Shop, nmv fltted fur.
ami has been occupied as a tailor's shop the im-t five
years, leiiaul can purchase fixtures if desired, or would
ii .VI A i‘i>'y t- w. ii. dexter, or .1,
H BAM,RUL 1, No. 8 Ist National Bank Building.
anil d(t
f|v» LET A large room. 2d floor, 582 Main
r'- I V‘l" lre OI K- HUB BAKU, No I Roars'
Block, Main st. <j(|
LET—At South Etui, near Horst* K H
a new anil desirable Cottage House, o rooms. p,is!
session given immediately Apply to 1
ABBOTT .V KICK, I Central Exchange
s 9 dll I.Val Ksiale I'.r-.k. I
f |H LET A large front room on second
-K floor, in spy Block. Apply to
HICIIA |{|>S, ME I CALF «fc CO.,
atf (44 Main st.
IJOOMS TO RENT
Also, STORAGE.
dtf F. M. STOCK W ELL.
i«l KlSNT—Suits of Rooms, or Single
*oom» °romc«. Also. Desk Rooms, w>a nmmt
suitable lor lodging.
«B dis coonNOW A TAYLOR.
r r° KENT—The Store No. 17 on Mechanic
-tied, now occupied by Hie St. Louis Flour Co.
i tils store is admirably adapted for the grain, iron <>r
other heavy business. Inquire of
GKO. CROMPTON,
n v, i dtl Crompton Loom Works. Green st.
KENT Two first-class tciiemonts. with
modern improvements, on Woodl and -t. ;o one
goiKl lower tenement on Benefit Court. Apply to
C. K. HUBBARD,
dll' Cor. Main ami Pleasant sts.
f|lo RENT—To a small family, one Upper
Tenement ol 5 rooms, comer of liariisou and B.ake
s'-.. Apply mi premises, or or .lAS. MKLANKKY office
No. Worcester Bank Block, Foster a. dtf mi
TO LET -One tenement of seven rooms]
M. Apply at No. 26 West st. dtl o 4
f LET—In Crompton’s Block, Mechanic
M- st., moms of various sizes on sec-nd,third and loiirlh
doors, ui table tor offices, manufacturing purpi.se- uu.l
cicty rooms. This new and elegant block is cent rally lo
cated within a tew rods of Main st. and tlie Penois 'll is
in the business centre of the city, and is titled up with all
the modern improvements, making it of the most
desirable locations tor business iu Worcester. For term*
aud turlher particulars, inquir. #f
GEO. CROMPTON.
JffW du Crompton Loom Works n i.
PAOTOUY FOR SALE OR TO KENT
with water and steam power; situated on ihe line
ol the Providence Railroad, in the city ..f Worn-stcr
Apply to WashßtUK A Mokn Mu;. Co.
dtf
O LE T A T LO W KEN T
ROOMS TO LET
IV LIXCOL.Y HOI si: block.
irouting on .Main st., Single or en Suite, suitable for
Offices or Lodging Itoomg. Apply ou th- premises or at
our New Store, Taylor's Uramie Building.
Mil dtf JOHN 1). CUOLLAK.
r F° KENT—A convenicrt tenement of 6
rooms, all on one floor, in the new house corner ..t'
Harrison and Coral sts. dtf ,mi
LET—Four tenements on Davisst.; two
M. of them in the new house, No. now rcadv .ml
l y V ~3 l c "V 11 A ppiy to Mrs.
E. D. WAkNBB, Hi Pavla at. dtl a ill
T® LET—-The large lower tenement ..t nine
rooms, with stable, at the corner of Edward ami
Belim-nt sts. Apply to WM. ALLY N, at the corner of
hast and Larwell sts. dll si
T 9 GEN t—Suit of Front Rooms in 2d
•story Goulding’s Granite Block, smtablc (or Milli
nery or other business purposes. Apply t..
du W. H. MOULDING.
jar gale.
1 {US I NESS!
Any person wishing to invest SIO,OOO in a pi’.iflra-
Jiie Alanuiacturuig itu.-iuess, can learn of an opportunity
by addressing, with true name, L. I\, Spy office,
_oI7 diw*
House dean km s for sale a
lew hundred gooil c.unmoii Blanket-, well mace
up. at low prices. SUMNER PRATT,
dtt 22 From at.
FOR SALE- CJottage House and
Lot, No. 5 Piedmont st. House contains «t rooms.
[•II all in good order; small barn, well and citv
waler; 13,50 U leel of laud, well stocked with U nit
trees; 6,000 feet of land will be sold separate ii desired
For particulars inquire on the premises dtf my 4
ijH)R SALE -GOOD CHKSTR I T POSTS
any length wanted, inquire ot
O. N. PGSib CO..
_ rt »ront st. Exchange.
CX7HITIN LAPPERB FOR BAT,i fwo
.Bappers, iron frames, now run
uiiig in good order, ready tor delivery Nov I vunlv to
v 7 lf# CORDIS MILI.S.
i Millluiry, M i
'y ,,ul> ASI» TIMIiER
wiihi.l t u «II "“TiL 1-01 ‘"'dahilng about 40 a.res,
t!.n r m* Worcester, IS northeast turn Grat
ton enter. A verv desirable lot. Inquire oi
d6l* lAMES PR iCOCKjp
(<A 151 NET ORGAN FOK SALE' For
,Vv sa,e al :t Kirgaln, one nearly new M 4S« in AHA M
LIN CABINET urban. H'j u„.
uoubh’-reeu. with l ei.se and ocfctve coupler, seveie
stops, with two sets Vibrators tbiougliout -one ot tour
teet pitch, one yi sixteen feet; an I one octave oi sub-
Ihi sc connected with the manual: nul octave coupler,
giving effect of lour sets of msls; knee swell ami tremu
lant; sc If-a liiisting rce.l-vnJvcs; improved belloMs;
Coupler conueels with octave below. Applv to
L. M. WAI IK,
Olg dtf Leicester. Mass.
1"">OR SALE IN' yriNSIOAMOND- l:t
Acn. of iAlld. l'rict' SAWW.
_«U J.f L. A. ELY CO.
I 'OK SALE-THREE SHARES STILES
RESERVOIR STOCK. Address
A. WHEELOCK,
elf dll Charlton Depot. Mass.
SALE—The only Flour aud Grain
X >to. eiu i large and flourishing town; will Resold
al cost ol tlviure- II applied for -o.m. ill health reason
Do' -el I lug. Address, with lamp. Box 3U. VValtbaut
Ala-s. iLi«* oj
VV ANTED-APPLE TREE SHUTTLE
TT BLOCKS. IDx'iH xi. The Blocks must be of
prime seasoned stock, free iroiu ki ots aud checks, ami
aulqcct to our Inspection. For mu her particular* ad-.
Ufess CRUMPTON LOOM WORKS.
dropJiWlm Wow*!*:.