the cmhittee" or ^venty.
The Removal of M?"yor Hall from
Office Roe ^lvcd On.
The Committee's Charge* Against
the Mayor.,
COLvSTLBtfl.NK' LETTER OP RESIGN VTHW.
nw onwninit of srgtutv nelda meeting last
tvwllfi uiil transacted Hia? important buniuw.
MM. William P. ntTcme.T*r occupied the ctialr.
Ylw vacancy caused up the letignation of Police
luaiit was filled by the elec
whairtnati <4 'die oomrulttee, ana recently ?v?*v...
Cotninineieiuw ol the Department of Public Parks,
was re<*erroa>anrt accepted. A vote of thanks was
tendered thalate cbairtua?for the courteous. iutel
agent and 4de maimer in which lie hud discharged
his dunes towards the couimittee.
The resiy.ttation of General Francis 0. Harlow,
who has been elected Attorney General, and of
Severn D. Moul ton, elected to the Assembly, were
also received and accepted.
William F. Havemeyttr w.is chosen chairman of
the Committee ol seventy, an I Jaitiet m. Brown, of
the Arm of brown limners. hankers, wuu elected
wire chairman.
INDICTMENT AttAlNST MAYOR BALL.
The following resolutions were read and adopted:?
ftaauiveii, Thai for the pnrpoae of an-uring to the people of
Mil* city the auhalaulial fnnw ol their victory III tlie recent
?leitiou u*?-r corruption tt.ta cnuuittee propoae to u?e every
tawlul rltorl to tenure, al the c.irileat ponaihie moment, the
feinovtl of lb* preaenl Mavor from the ultice who h lie holdi.
Recalling the fact thai II was be who spied in ilerielnc. In
the inteieele of nnrriipl'oii. the present int'piUm* charter.
aa<l the plot lor robbing the liraaury ol the rilr hy the audit
of taiec.nl Irauuulant vouchers. that it eat he who tilled
Ibe varum. reeionelbla oflirea depaitmenta woh the
seen who hare now been condemned by the errdlcl of
the people; that It wai be who, having the aula
power of anpoiutlug the ln*i>ectore and poll clerk., tilled
Uioae ollloee generally with Tammany democrate and Tam
many republican., mrentng to rob the honeet eiltrene of
?heir euflrage, and when an honrel man waaduly appointed
lieputv Comptroller, need bit whole power and inUornca to
prevent him entering u|Nin the duliri ol thai ofPre. and that
he hae endeavored at every ttep to thwart and defeat the
effort. of the people to discover and putnsli Ihoite who hare
been i figured under hie au.pirea In phinderitig tbr citv treas
ury. we oeutaud hi. immediate resignation.
(t keaulveo, That If the Mayor shall continue to defy the ei
g>re?? will of the people, and ahall persist In reinfultiu his
ofhclal position, the Committee ou Legislation he ItiHtrncted
to prepare and present to the Legislature, initnedlately on
its meeting, an act which shall he milj.-lmit anil effectual to
remove him at once without watting lor the completion of
-the new charter or other remedial measures.
RESIGNATION OF COLONEL 8TEBBTNS AS A M I'MIIKit
OF THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY.
Tito following Is colonel llcury 0. .Stubblm)' le'tcr
nf resignation referred to above
Nrw York, Nov. 21,1871.
fton.Wn.LIAM F. HAVCMEYrv, Vice Chitinn.'.T
Dr. as Sik?At die In.t meeting of the Committee of
?"rvetity I announee.l that the Mnvor l ad tendered me the
otUee of Commissioner of l'uMIc Park. nn l that I led it to
he my duty to the city and 10 the Committee ol Reform
to accept tbe appointment. 1 also staled at
Ibe same time that 1 should regard tnrself as
holding the oBco until the Legislature ol the Elite to meet
in January nest?should declare its design* in respect to tbe
future management ol all lite departments of the city govern
inriit. 1 also notified the committee that when I had taken
<te oath of ofliee ot Commissioner I should tender my rcslg
baL'os as a member.
Having been duly qualified a* Commissioner, and having
been elected {'resident of the Board of Publjc Jfarh.
through vOiL destl-e 11 execute the yiirpi^, uoly announced,
aad respectfully t-ndcr uiv resignation, notwithstanding the
nnanitnoits opinion e:,ornse-.i ai the last meeting, so giatc
ful to my feelings, that my acceptance of the ofliee of Park
Commissioner would not be fbcotnpatfhie with my
position as a member of this committee. J am conlidcnt,
and fee, that yon must be equally en, that a mem
Tier of the city government ought not to sit
Hi tbtt committee, fons(d?rlng its :.lms and purposes. You
will, therefore, kindly and promptly accept mv resignation,
ie iving me to Co-ntierate with yon, which 1 snail earnestly
and Ipithrolly do, in carrying out the great objects you havp
thus far so suctjeasfully in*.nguratrd and triumphantly vin
dicated.
Keeling ih?most sincere sympathy in the success n> your
Inbore, and thanking you for" the uniform court e.y and sup
p- rt extended to me during the whole exiatenoe of the com
wills* I fern, very respectfully four*.
HENRY 0. FThBBlNS.
COUOUA'S CAPTlJItE.
l*he Pr-Noncr of Ninte Hull '-sojotirnlivb m,'tbe
New York llotel?Tbe >011 Amount ol.'Hail
Not Yet Hecnred.
II wns generally supposed that 'ex-Comptroller
Donnelly would yesterday And bail enough to sat
isfy an that conki possibly toe required ol Mm; tout,
although sympathisers called tn large mini tiers,
there were but two additional who agreed to go on
Abe Loud. All of those who wore menttoued
-An the Herald of yestertfsy as among the bonds
men qualified except try*a and these having
Tailed to justify tip to. miunlghr last mgtir it was
deemed advisatole to drip them from the roll. To
day there is some g:.i>0.Uo0 tacking. alUiotigit tlie ex
Comptroller's friends a IT liupoiul of securing the
inordinate amount of ball. Yestcnlar afternoon J
ami evening large numbers of triond- and oflieials
cailcd, and all were courteously received toy the
comptroller, the dariaticB ttt charge and Ly others,
except by the curly-headed son-tu-iaw and
??Iteavy" symnafhfzer. who thought it vety funny to
Insult Hie newspo.per men. It is expected that by
iMMtu to day the prisoner of atate will nave secured
?he full nwetonVDf hail.
TiJF. BURRED SFEIMEE.
The Ovrtnar'* Jary InvcMiiatlni ih? immv
?f Ae Fire mad the subsequent L>nm>
l.lfe IVrtl?ay of the Officer*.
Norwich, Couu., Nov. Js, 1871.
The luvs-ittgation by the jury of the cause of the
fire on the steamer City of New London commenced
this evening. The jurj Is composed of U. U. Osgood,
foremen; Allen Fenny, clere; Joseph II, Lovell, 8,
T. C. Merwtn, James Ritchie, William K.
Whaiey's four witnesses were examined, vl/..:?
ike captain, the first mate, the first pilot and the
darkey engineer.
Wtiitain Dodge, first mate, testified in regard 10
til" trip of the stoamer from New York ami the
discovery and Kuppoted extinction oi the first tiro
at Comatock'H wbart. His testimony agreed with
the accounts already published, except as to t lie
origin or the lire, of which he knew nothing,
la regard 10 the second fire he said:?
At darlight got up anchor and was clearing up for
ward when 1 beard a noise on the lower deck, l
?aid, "Is there another Are and, looking dotvn
?be gaauway. 1 saw a light; ran down at once, but
before I got, them the nose was laid and the donkey
auiop started. The fire was thirty feet from the
kitchen, where the tlrst tire broke ont, ami
new the oilier gangway. Norton, donkey
engineer, held the main pipe a morn ut
wrh he said, "This Is too suffocating,'' ami I took
the pipe and held it a tew minutes, and then had to
cra? ii away on iny haoda and knees. Most every
one iMad by this tune left the boat, f met Kweo,
pilot,. and Baker, engineer, and said, "What is to he
done aowt" They said, we can only save ourselves.''
(Here follow the patticuiers of the escape from Hie
wteck already published.) The Height was stored
hi the gangway n pos?tge way was tett between
the itidt t of the tioat and Hie freight; the lire was in
the gan |way. where for about thirty feet there was
uo pass we pay and ?<u ihc opjio-.u? aide of the
freight i TOW too Xltcnen; the frcigj,t iticie was cot
ton, wool' and groceries; apparently tlm two hi?s
could lis *t had no oonnectlcu; Hie boat whs
In motp ti when the fire broke out: cot
ton was stoied wiihln a foot oi the side
of the Utoheo; there whs a neck hand
on watch i Vat nigtit: in. regular deck watchman i
w.m doi on V>atd. The testlmotiv of the others was
mainly corr Mors live.
It was eilc. V-'i that none of the witnesses knew
'he cause o) the lire ut had any theory as to ihe i
origin. The i wat'a certificate loi carrying passen-
gcrs bore date"'1 October24, 1RT1, and oaiied for i,
si My llfc-prese Vers. There were ISA on board, i
stowed under t) V" jrmt;res>es lu tl.e staterooms aud j
Mirths, but it wrv ftuposMble to gel them owing to
the rapid eprell of the fire. The four boats
on tM seamen which I ad been lowered
ilirec weeks pr?rio;s ami foond to he in
good order, aU The witnesses agreed tlmr
in live iniwruw alfcrthe second fire bloke out every
oik- w;i* ohUgod u? )eav? :he steamer.
I lie iDveujBUoB was adjourn, d nut. to-mofow
evening
The biiiisu fe*at'e? District .Inspector of Steam,
loam commence.. ?n ingoattgalion at New London
to-mowow.
The -sai li f(tr the body William T. Nogr,,,, co,,.
r innes witu a diver.
?ZELEGji&rdlC ITEMS. i
TI ironi. qhi OrtmiM wttfc tbe Np??n'? rightb
auf lll.niNii.mu. tailed frudl H? lf?i M iBday.
Pleven bunco d dollar, were railed lie ?B? Catholic. bortbea
,vI llalilax ou Sunday IMt lv? ll.e Ch, aw oil.
tlclbpoo
A man named Wilion, iir ng on Klrnro Iilacri. nrrr
Uearentn,rlb, K?j las, ibol bil two IDIV J"?trr .,n,
faulty.
J.uke ,?mr.b, <>f shaoleigb, Me., ibol and -qtc/r n rot
isLi'ly. Injured hif vao s .n?. wbiie coder <|i- Jr.'ueBc* i(
I .,ii on SoB..aj laat, at bewletoa, tfr smliK.' ai lifer
ourid ever for tnafln January n'lt.
I The (saarimei IralD from Ix.treli lo Kraffvti*ban>-<>i) -Mol.
V-? ran Into a y?ie of cam. and Ibe engine ir?< thrown ofi
.\r t.ar h The engineer, tb orge Tyler, waa l adly fr'Aft. d.
r^Wwal paearngrrf were e.'raiiUf :.rui?ed.
idee T. Verba*, father of |hc broker impi.e.. .ed in de->
IrautV't Ihe PbiladeiphM ollf *r?asurr, hut retired Ihe
jc? oi ue Kio.nr.gnhi ffatraba' hanv, (uil 0? rg? A,
tande?'iiM .#fn tlecledT. nl?,UW raraac*.
Pergonal Intelligence.
Count M, Dledusayky, of Frusaia. ts at the Metro
politan tfoteL
R?m Admiral H. Walke, of tne Cnited Mates
Natj is at the New York Hotel.
Genera; J. Houghton, of Albany, la Mopping at the
Mgand Central Hotel.
Hen Field, of Altdon, has temporary quarters at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
Ex-Mayor George lnnta, of Pougokeepsle, Is stop
ping at tlie Astor House.
Colonel M. <le Castro, of Columoia, P. O., Is a so
journer at the tiranu Central Hotel.
Major Un?ltr, of Genoa, Is stopping at the St.
James Hotel.
Colonel E. T. Leaf, of Reading, Pp.. is domiciled
at the Astor House.
K ina/ ile lilvero, of the Spanish Legation, is
stopping at the AH?'inarie Hotel.
Captain H. P. Wilson, of the Fifth regiment of
cavalry, Halted states Army, is at ine Filth Av. nue

General A. K. Uurnslde, ex-Governor of Rhode
Islam), yesterday arrived at the Firth Avonuo Hotel.
General J. K. C. I.ec, of the United .stateB Army,
Is stopping at the Metropolitan lloul.
senator Knmner leit the IJrevoort House for
Washington late on Mondav night.
E. U. Wooster, of Alliany, Is at tho Hotrman
House. Mr. Wooster is the Treasurer of the New
Yolk Central Railroad.
J. C. Howiing and ten Japanese youths In his
charge yesterday arrived at me Hodman House.
They are en route to England, where the youths arc
to ue educated to fill positions whose duties require
intelligent administration In their own country.
Mr. Ho wring is soon to return to Japan and take
charge of other parties of students who are to he
Climated In foreign countries.
Governor Hoffman. Mrs. and Miss Hoffman, and
Geueral Robert L. Ranks, ol the Governor's staff,
arrived at the Everett House last evening. The late
ness ot the hour of their arrival prevented them
from being present at the grand ball at the Nrvv
Yard.
I'IRK II WASHINGTON fllRKKT.
Almost Anollirr Cliirtto Corfl titration in
WikI Wn spinal on Unrlirl?I'roluio Display
and Ilealrnciion nf Tliniik*si vinu OS'?in|i?
A Warnlna Unheeded?Kan* 01,500.
A Are was discovered about twelve o'clock
laai night In the stands No*. 221, 224 aud 223
Merchants' row, West Washington Market, oc
cupied by Messrs. McCready tdebcrt, butchers.
The Ore started la the loft over the stand, used for
Btoraao, aud spread southwardly to stauds Nob. 229
and 231 Fulton row, occupied by Messrs. McCarthy
and Mr. John Harrington, butchers and prodnce
dealers. The speedy arrival of the lire men, police,
including a detail from the Fifth precinct, under
Sergeant nc.slui v, and the insurance Patrol, under
Chief Perley, was the means of prcveutiug a
most disastrous spread of the flames, which
had already made alarming headway, 'the
peculiar construction of this market ts well known
to the tenders of the Hkkau> tlirouir" our earnest
fnwrnn1,l0.rnJd8w.r0ru'JTa'- *n unsuSily array of
tow, unpaiqttu ,,,>oderi sheds, one story nigh, cov*
ipst extent of most ra'uable territory, oilers
a tempting opening to the lucenulary fiends who
throng every city.
'1 he stands have wooden roofs for the most oart.
Fortunately the roofs of the stands burned were of
tin, and this, nud the light wind prevailing at the
time, "will partially explain the check upon the
names. The stock was damaged about food and
the buildings between $soo and *l,Oio, mostly cov
ered by insurance, although no precise amounts
could he ascertained, 'the old beldams who intest
the market will have a golden opportunity m pick
ing uo several days' radons tuts inoriuug.
ODSTVARY.
pinlii M lllinrn A. Howard, United Klatit
Hcvennr Marine.
TIM) above natucd oMcer died at tbe vltluge r,'j
Greetiport, 1- I., on tbe 18th mst., after enduring a
severe illness of a few months' duration. It' wns
captain in the United states Revenue Marine, and
held the commission of colonel of tbe Thirteenth
regiment of New York artillery, United Slates
Volunteers, during tbe war. Captain, Howard was
a distinguished otllcer, a man who spent a very
active tile. He was tiorn in flu BU-jtc o/ Manic, III
the year 1507. before entering the navy he distin
guished him?*lf as a lad by lcodlng ail expedition
to cnt out and rescue an American vessel from tbe
Rri'lsh authorities. The vessel was seised by the
Kiigiisli lor iiifruiglng do Hshcry laws. At the age
of seventeen lie entered the l ulled Slates Navy, in
ihcs lie resigned hw roinmissiou In the navy to re- j
ccivc a captaincy in ibo Revenue Marine, being i
appointed to the command at the age of twenty-one. j
Ills services were successful in saving and assisting I
ve-sels in distress on the coast of New Knglond, in j
appreciailon oi which the merchants or fio-ton pre-
soiited mm with a valuable service ol silver. In I
IMS the German Confederacy appointed him second
in command or the fleet on the Weser, at brake, an<1
he there con-drocicd a navv yard and dock, nnd
remained in charge until the breaking up of the
beet. At tlic commencement of the late
American war Captain Howard raised a regiment,
ol marine ariillery, winch was attached to the
BarnsMe expedition. Returning North no com
menced organizing in New York a new regiment ot
heavy artillery, and raised 2.500 men, who were de
tailed to active service with the Army of the James,
colonel Howard commanding Hie defences arouud
Portsmouth and Norfolk. At the close of the war
the Coionel resumed his commission In the Revenue
Marino, visiting every port where Custom House
duties were collected throughout the Union, travel
ling 40,no<> miles In lourteen months, and was then
by government detailed on special duty and scut to
Alaska to hoist the American flag over our new pos
sessions there. The last service of captain Howard
to the government was the superintending last year
ol the building in New York of several stesm
iaun< lie* for the Revenue Marine.
A Patriot or Moxony.
Herman Rindeman, editor of the Zettung, died at
Jeflerson Clt.v, Mo., on the zsth Inst. Mr. i.tnde
man edited the Dresden (Jazrtte m lMO, and was
sentenced to death (or connection wirli me Insnr
i reetion, but escaped to me United States.
lion. W. Millwnrd, M. C.
Won. William Mil I ward, formerly member or con
fress from the Fourth district o( Philadelphia, and
uiied States Marshal during the war, <Ued yester
day mormug at, Kirk wood, Delaware.
JUDGE BROOKS AMD THE KXJ KLUX.
lulled Ml me* Circuit Court Adjourned nl
KalfitH nod the Trial* Suspended.
Kai kkik. Nor. 28, isti.
The United States circuit Court met yesterday, us
it was understood, especially lor the trial of the
Ku K.'nx eases.
District Judge Brooks presiding, for some reason
Mis Honor postponed all the Ku Klux cases until
tne next term 01 the court, redlining those who had
given bonds lor their appearance to renew theiu.
This action was considered by many harsh, as there
nre In Allamanee county several hundred persons,
a aliened, Ku Klux, and with witnesses agams'
ttietn w ho have come Irora a considerable distance
at groat expense to thcmaelves.
Judge Brooks state* he doe* not wish to proceed
with these trials until Judge Boon, of the circuit
Court, who is now ai Columbia, is with him. The
real supposed reason for ihe continuance of the
cases, however, is said 10 be in a true lions from
Washington, the object being to keep the peo le
alarmed and disturbed until aiier the eiec ion? next
suuituei aud fall.
THE PAOinO OOASI.
Hrported ol the American limit f?l????
I on fit m:r ion of Ike .Murder ?1 Mr. I.ntins.
of ihe tVheeler's P.xprdif mo.
San Francisco, Nov. 28, I-71.
D is fc.tred tha* the bark Live lankce. from I'ort
Innd 10 Sua Franelsao. has teen lost witti alt on
heard.
It rut' been ratitiug hc.ivliy oh Ibie coast o' lute.
Piowmg has commenced in all Daits of the state.
Hc.b t snow storms liave prevailed all along ttic i
railroad Hi rough Nevada, Utah, Wyoming and i
Coicmrio, Mid tram* ii.ve heeu behind tune tu on- I
.xciuente.
L. M. Richardsou au a;t.?i belonging to Wheeler's
exjVdltlon, uas arrived here, and confirms the milr- 1
tier o.f Mr. Loring by Apaches u Wickenburg.
Ati/ufta.
The A'action tor stale Senator In N?n Luis, Objspo
oouuty, lo succeed It. 1'aclieco, wtolias been elected
Lieutenant Governor, resulted in the choice of
Jumes mines, democrat, which gives the demo
crats a oifc^tr majority m the Senate.
ihe Dlatnct Court ol Washington Territory favor*
the Northern actflc Uaurcad in a suit luvu'rliiz the
sue of Raising.
John Foster.ii rough, who abducted a country
gin from saiem. Oregon, and after seducing her loll
hot in u house of ilk-fame lo Portland, has been acn
tenccd to three yearn Jn the state Prison.
The discovery of a stover mine ucai Astoria, Ore
.fun, ifr causing much ervit'iuont
TI2 PHEVilLITG 8TOBI3.
The State 'nf tho Weather in the State- and the
Dominion Yeiterday?Winter'* Warn
ing* Early and Severe.
(^iubec, Canada, No*. 2s, i?"l.
The thermometer mariteu ten degrees t?elow zero
this morning, The River St. Charles I* froeen over.
Daw* Kind.
Eahtpoht, Me., Nov. 28, istj.
The weather at present Is the coldest ever known
here in November. The thermometer ttauds live de
grees below zero.
IUngor, Me., Nov. 28, 1*71.
The weather changed suddenly ycsimlay uud last
night irom warm to extreme cold. At ono o'clock
this morning the thermometer was ten de
grees above zero, at sunrise ut zero, aid now (ouo
P. M.) it stands at fourteen degrees above.
Lincoln, Me., Nor. o8 is;).
At Lincoln at sunrise to-day It was four degrees
'?"I'/Mr MVH*.
gret s auove zero, a chaffieNU ^ov" ->8'
during the iiigiii. w- maricud seven de.
degrees
New York State.
POCGIIK EEFBIB, NOT. 2b, 1871.
Freighters are alarmed at the sudden cold. This
morning, at six o'clock, the mercury in the ther
mometer marked eight degrees above zero; at noon,
fifteen auove; at three P. M., ten, ami at
nightfall, eight again. All the bays ami flats
for a distance of one hundred miles on
the Hudson are choked with sharp new ice, ami
news Is nourly expected of the closing of the Dela
ware and Hudson Canal. The wind;is blowing strong
and biting cold from the northwest, and the river is
tilled with sail vessels bound nortlt lor "last
lretght?." ice is making all the time, and at tins
rate Albany steamers wilt soon have heavy lighting
in the narrow works above Hudson.
Aliiany, Nov. 28, 1871.
The thermometer has stood at from eight to ten
degrees above zero all dar.
RONDODT, N. Y., Nov. 28. 1871.
The weather here is Intensely cold. It is auric!
pnted that the Delaware and Hudson canal will
clo e by December 2. Between five and six hun
dred boats are on the canal between here ami
Houesdale, many of them unloaded. No more per
mits will l>e issued here.
fTTtCA, NOV. 28, 1871.
A telegram from Utica to the Auditor or the canal
Department at Albany says the ice causes bother at
the locks, and one from l-'ort Edward sa\s the ice
in the canal Is half an Inch thick.
Along the Colon and Northern t'n ifit* II ail
road.
Cheyenne, W. T., Nov. 27, 1871.
The Union Pacific passenger train, due here yes
terday noon, arrived at quarter ol (oar P. If. to
day, twenty-seven hours late. The snow is very
deep in the cuts.
Milwaukee, Nov. ?8, 1871.
Reports from the Northern Pacific Railroad say
the thermometer is down to twenty-three degrees
below "*'rd /tod heavy winds aro prevailing, The
trains arc stom^ 5? ,t'ie /'filling snow and lue
telegraph wires are u'Okeu in a number of piuees.
In Utnli Territory." i
Salt Lake city, Utah, Nor. 27, iS71.
A despatch from Little Cottonwood tu day
the snow ou a level 13 about six feet deep, 'ftnj uie
storm eontluues. The residents of Alt??v city jiavo
to dig ihciv way In and out or their well lugs. Many
ol the hon-ies are buried In the so 0W(
A young man named JcuV'.qs was buried by a
snow slide on Wednesday Vast near tbq mouth of the
Wellington Mine. The body was dug out by the
miners and buried o;a Thursday morning. Several
of ibe miners, w'.uic at work for the body, were
caught in slide', and escaped with difllculty.
A turious s'.iow storm is raging here to-day. The
canyon H supposed to bo entirely blocked. No com
munic.\i'.on nas been haci since yesterday morning.
Snow Storm Over the Country.
Wasiiinutok, Nov. 28, 1871.
The lollowing, collated from despatches received
at the Slgual Ortice up to "even o'clock this evening,
will be lound of interest:?snow lias liecn falling
since eight o'clock tuts morning at Clevelaud, Ohio,
and St. Paul, Minn. Snow also fell this morning
at uuluili, Minn.; Grand Haven, Mich.; Mil
waukee, Wis.; Oswego, N. Y? and Rochester,
N. Y. At live o'clock this evening It was
snowing at Chicago, ill.. Davenport, Iowa;
Kscauaba, Mien., and at Toledo, Ohio. At Ifur
Ur.irton. Vf?. tills mnrnlne the tlinrnmnutnr ro?ic
tered one degree i?elow zero, and at Montreal, Can
ada, two degree* below zero, wilh the wind from
the northwest blowing at n velocity of eighty miles
an hour. In this city, ut hair-past four this
aiteruoou, the thermometer registered thirty-live
degrees, bur. about Ave o'clock the temperature
moderated considerably, and shortly altcrwards
snow tiegan lo fall, the first of the season. The
snow niel'ed as it fell, but at tills time the ground
is quite white, giving ihc streets a wintry appear
ance. i
TH2 WEATHER REPORT.
War Department, i
OKI 11 B OP TUG ClIlKK St (IN At, OKKU'KK. J
Washington, D. c., Nov. 20?1 a. M. J
synopsf* JW th< 1\is' Tioen'v-J'our Houra.
The area of high pressure, which was, Mon
day Light, approaching Miuncsota and Lake
Superior, lias extended southward to Ar>
k a as as and eastward over the lakes, but
the pressure has fallen ou the lower
lakes, Middle and Eastern states during the
nay. The hemisphere has risen slightly over
this latier region, aod snow is now falling
very generally from Michigan and Lak
Erie Southeastward, tnrulng to sleet.
Ram prevails In Southern Mississippi.
Increasing northwest winds, with cold, clear
weather, extends eastward to Lake Superior and
becomes fresh In Northern Texas. Rain continues
ou the California coast.
obobilitlnu
The barometer will probably rise on Wednesday
rapidly over the Mississippi Valley and the lower
lakes, ?1LI1 increasing northerly winds and
clear or clearing weather; falling tempera
ture and northwest winds In the Gulf
States, with cloudy weather clearing away In the
afternoon. The area of snow and sleet extend
northeast ward over New England, leaving cloudy
weather Irom New York to Virginia, with north
west winds.
Warning spmals Ordered.
Cauuonarv signals continue to-ntgtn at Milwau
kee, Chicago, Orand Haven, Toledo, Cleveland,
Buffalo, Rochester and Oswego, and are ordered for
Detroit.
The Weather In This <!ity Vcirrdny.
The following record will sliow the changes tu
the temperature for the past twenty four hours In
comparison with me corresponding day of last year
as Indicated by the thermometer at nudnnt'i
Pharmacy, Herai r> building, corner of Ann street:?
1870. 1871. 167b. 1871.
a A. M in P. M 03 :f0
OA, M 50 28 n P. M ft7 28
HA, M 52 9 P. M 54 Jb
12 M .8 1.' K. M 54 27
Averiige tempered!re yesterday 28'.
Average lempeiaiurc lor corresponding date
la si year 54 S
THE HERALDED ALEXIS.
ll'roin the Montreal Gazette Nov. 27.]
?I'he arrival of the Russian Grand Dcke Alexis utf
r?nudy Hook in the lrigate s>veliatia. Look place 011
Saturday night. tin the following morning, while
a)'the other paper.- of New Yoik oD'^iued com
plaints and lament-at the lardiues- of the Russian
?te<t, the Hjtui.u had a full account of tho arrival,
the special new yaih of lhaiJourn.il having gained
the intelligence 111 advance of alius .ouieropotbrics.
?Such enterprise 19 certainly deserving of tin* highest
jU'Rlse, and probaoly hus never iwen mrpas-ort in
?he whole history jonrna ism.
|Fro:n the orange (S. J.) Chronicle, Sow
WDaVere) may be the opiriioji the public in re
g.iiu to the stability of character of the Nkw York
llt.n *i,p ?m a ow* payer it mum rank number one.
On Monday morning last It gare u* the exclusive
newH of the arrival or the ttrarnl Dune Alexis?
whose coining lor tlio pust three weeks has been
so anxiously looked for?by means cf Us steani
yachts. Herald and Jcauncue, which arc kept con*
stantly cruising?r tfic entrance to lower New York.
Kay. At half-past eleven on Saturday night r no
Jtns&ian frigate Nvefltana was sighted by the steani
yaciit Herald, and at half yast one a special rues
sengcv was speeding toward >ue Ukiuj.o office in u
carriage, the report having becrt. prepared en board.
IVhen the Hunday morning papers appeared the
ifKRAigt was the only paper that cocaine.) any In*
tfbigegoa gf ttic arrival of Alexias
EUIGHAM'S LAND.
The Great Polygamic Chief Trial to Commence
on Monday?Hii Counsel "Objects '?The Ap
parition of the Murdered Man Back
Facing the Accused Eldert-A
Short String of Pourquois.
Salt Laxb Citv, Ciah, Nov. *27. 1871.
lu the Court this morning the case 01 Brlghuiu
Young, lor iew<l and lascivious cohabitation, was
called op, and, upon a motion of the prosecuting
attorney, was ordered for trial next Monday.
Mr. Iloutpated, for the defence, protested against
this order, on the ground that It would be impossi
ble to have his client here at such short notice, lie
asked for two weeks, which request was relused.
H. B. Clawson and O. E. Bates, who wore brought
np on the same charge, tiled a pica in abatement
founded upon the illcgullty of I ho (.rand Jury,
which was overriden.
Henry Lawrence, indicted for the same offence,
who was ordered to plead to-day, could not appear,
on account of sickness.
Upon the charge against Brlgham Young, William
M. ??<n nam, ,stmou Button, G. 1>. Grant,
Porter Hock wmi ana wuiiam Kimball for the mur
der ol Buck, at Wnrm Springs. In 1857, the Courtis
"igaged In hearing the motion or Mr. Uemp
s e< o i|u,...w indictment, on the following
groinits:?First, that the Jury lmpr0per,y
designated Hie ollenoc as murder in tuc (j0g,.ee.
second, thai there Is no proper description
the defendants; Murd, that there Is no cer
tainty in the allegation of the date of the
offence; lour ill. itiut the deceased is not alleged to
have becu alive at the time or the alleged murder;
lilt'i, that ihere is no allegation that the defendants
conspired together, or that Huw were present,, aid
ing ami abetting, or were accessories before tue fact
ol the killing of Buck; sixth, the insufficient de
scription of tlie means by which the killing was ef
fected; seventh, that the names of tlie witnesses
are not endorsed upon the Inuictmeut us required
by statute.
it is said by Overton's friends thai he will with
draw the charge against Woodman and others of
abducting bis daughter.
The new Catholic Church or St. Mary Magdalene,
In this city, was dedicated io-da.v with imposing
ceremonies. Archbishop A lemony, of San Fran
cisco, officiated. The uumber of Roman Catholics
in the city is estimated at three hundred.
8U101DE OF A PKINTEB.
About eleven o'clock last night John Rohan, t
printer, aged thirtv-eight yours, residing at 13:
Madison street, committed suicide b.y hanging him
self to a hook ou a shelf at the above number. Hi
was cut down by Captain Murphy, of the Seventl
precinct. On his person was found $02 In money
and a silver watch and chain. The Coroner ha.
been notilied and will hold an ihqucst lo-iia.v.
views of ihe PAsr.
NOVEMBER 29.
1870?A nortffe was tnado from Paris bv a large
force; its result was somewhat favorable to
the French.
1830?Revolution commenced In Warsaw, Poland.
1814? Tho London Times tlrst printed by steam
power.
1530?Cardinal Wolsey died.
SHIPPING NEWS.
lor Now York-Thin Oak*
Snn rises 7 03
Sun sets. 4 34
Moon rises..,.eve 6 31
Hi#b water, morn 9 41
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PATES OP DKPARTPR3 KROrt NEW YORK FOR THE
MONTHS or NOVKMUKII AND DECEMBER.
Strainer. I Saili Drntinatuin. I Offcs.
Idaho.
Iowa
Britannia...,.,,.
Vllie de Parta....
Oceanic.
Oily of London..
Deut.cbland
Dorian
ni? ot Antwerp.
Anglia
Perelre
Atlantic
Rliein
Not 29.. .1 Liverpool 119 Broadway.
Nov 29...|Glaagow 17 Bowlln* Green
Deo t... |Uibbl'ow 17 howling Greon
Pee 9.. .Havre |6H Broad war.
Dec 9...!Liverpool 119 Broauvriv.
2...|Liverpoo |1& Broadway.
Pec 2..
n?S l
Pec
Pee Id.
Pee 16..
Dee 16
Bremen. |2 Bowling Green
Bremen A Howling Green
Llveroool 'T5 Broadway.
Ola.row 17 Bowline Green
Havre 168 Broadway.
Llveroool 19 Broadwav.
Bremen 12 Bowling Green
PORT or SEW YORK, NOTCRRTR 3d, 1871.
CLEARED.
Steamahlp Bootla iBr), Loti, Livertioo rla Uueeutlowu?C
G Krancklyn.
Steamship Idaho tur), Price, Liverpool-Williams A
Union.
Sleamahip Trinidad (Bpi, Menanrtez, Havana-C Lataaaa
A Co.
Sleamahip Charlei W Lord, Rogera, Havana?A E Ward
^^steamabip Leo, Dearborn, Savanuah?Murr.iy, Kerrla A
Steamship James Adger, Lock wood, Charlealon?H R
Korean A Co.
Steamabip Wm P Clyde, Drew, Norfolk, City Point and
Richmond?Washington A Co.
Steamahlp Ailieniarie, SnPth, Norfolk, City Point and
Richmond?Old Dominion Sleamahip Co.
Steamahlp Iaaac Bell, Blakemao, Norfolk?Old Dominion
Sltamihln Co.
Bteamabin Nereua. Beano. Boaton?It K Dlmnck.
Bark Norak Ftac (Nor). Nielaen, (Jueenitown or Falmou'h
?Wenot, Telena A Bockmano.
Bark (learner (NO), Chriatoffera, Bremen?H Koop A Co.
Bar Geo B Co?ert (Br), Partelow, Havre George li Cook
A Co.
Bare Ada Gray, Race, Buenoa Ayrea -Joan Norton, Jr, A
S?Bark Carib. Townaend, ft Croix?P Hanford A Co.
Bark Lothalr iHri, Brown, Sydney, C??International Coal
and Railway Co.
Bark Vanguard, Nichols, Oalveaton-Howland A Aspln
wall.
Brig Spring Bird Br), Thoma., Polnt-a-Pltre?Peniaton A
Co.
Brig Daniel Trowbridge, Rogera, Port Spain? D Trowbridge
A Co.
Bcbr A B Dyer. Curamtnes, Bell7e-B J Wenberg.
Sehr Ella rfav, Jelllaon. Mayaamu?W Ray.
Subr Martha Maria, Veazie, Falmouth, Ja?A 11 Solomon
A Co.
Schr Mayflower iBr), Parker, Windaor. N8?Crandall,
Bei team A Co.
Schr Lntuaa Smith. Miller, Jacksonville-W Ray.
Schr Abhv Waeeon, Lord, Jackeonville?Van Hrimt A Co.
Schr Catharine A Johnson, Harria, Washington, NC?E K
Hlnman.
Schr Ida Rlchardeon, Bnrdell, Richmond?Evana, Ball A
Co.
Schr Lavinia V Warren,.Iohnion, Norfolk?Snow A Rlch
ardeon.
Schr fi S Buckingham, Jonee, Port'and?Reckett A Bro.
Schr Admiral Blake, ha.-e, New Belfortl?Fergu.on A
Wood.
Schr Florence. I.atbam, Stonlngton?M Rrigga A Co.
Sloop Agent, Hart. Bridgeport- Kackrtt A Bro.
Steamer C Com.toek, Drake. Philadelphia.
Sieamrr A C Burners, Davit, I'htlaoelptna.
Steamer Mayflower, Kn'te, Philadelphia.
Steamer Sarah, .louea, Philadelphia.
ARRIVALS.
REPORTED BY TliE HERALD STEAM YACUTA
steam.hlp Oceanic-(Bi Thompson, Liverpool Nor 16, via
yiireiietown I7lh, with indse and I pas.engers, to J H Spark.,
experienced a enccetilon oftlNtv galea almost the entire
passage; night of 2fith had a hurricane.
Sieaniehip Cleopatra, Phillip., Havana Nov 33, Willi
ind.e and passengers. to K Alexandre A Seine. Had line
iveatner the entire p?i?i,ye; jgov a* p, |.y Jl)lin
a passenger, 36 years ol age. died, and rnu hurled at eea on'
the 27th, at 12 Al.
Steamship Magnolia, l'aimer. Savannan Nor 26, with
rad.e and passengers. to W R Garrieon.
Stearn.hip Champion, Lock wool, Charleston No* 2ft. with
rad.e ai d p.Meogert, to II It Morgan A Co.
Sleamahip I.kmc Bell, Llsknmui, Richmond, City Point Mid
Norfolk, with ni'ee and pua.engere, to the Ol I Domin on
Steamahlp Co
Ste.metup W vaunk?, Rem re, Norfolk, with utd.e and pas
aenyera. to Old Dominion Steramahlu Co,
Steamship Kalliaanake, Krewmr. Philadelphia for Bi-aton.
Ship Knrydice Hr). Bennett, Calcutta .Inly SU and Land
Head. Aug 1 are! St Helena Oct 13, with mdae, to ma.ter.
Had tine weather throughout; wnt Id dnva oil the Cape of
Good Hope, wttn rerv lirht wind* and i-alm*. and Minded
th* Cape 1 irt R; etu.yed ti e equator Oct 25 In Ion 26 W; Nov
11. .at 2u N h>n <112 w, vpohe, .hip Arratan (NO) from
Iqnlque for New ork.
shin Aflcztiaii Br Sarclav, Liverpool M dare, with tnd-e,
to Cha. L Wright A Co. Had heavr westerly sale, to t??
Bank.. from tnence 12 day*, w.th light eute.rly wtnda and
in; ch tain.
Sara Gataslde Hi s mi.son. Livperpncl. Oct IV with
tSuie, to Wm Netaeu, Jr. Had heavy wciteriy gaies <ip to
llie Har.kf frotu thence 9 days, with moderate wcaiber; no
date lat 40 R'? N, Ion 86 \V, ex-hamed signal. with hark He
auifilone (Ana), from Liverpool lor New Tore. TUa Gate*
1 anchor""
aide it anchored at thn Southweat ;-pli.
Bark Adatuo (Itai), Second.. Limerick, 61)day*, in ballast,
in order. Had heavy westerly galea moetol the paaaage.
Th" Adam. I. anchored at the Sonihweft npu for orders.
Bark Adler ,NG 1, Niemann, Philadelphia 3 days, in bal
laat, to Fitnch. A '*0.
Brig Torrid Zone (Br), Klrkbttn. Drmarara 39 days, with
aucai to order?veaaai to Bruce A Co. Have been Id"day. N
of llatlc as with heavy W and N\V galea; loit and spill sails
Nov 2t. off Hatters*. reiaei laboring heavily, worked chain
bolti loose, causing the raa.el 10 le.ik slightly.
Brig Juliet C Clark, Moore, Malanza. P dam, with .near
to Young*, Smith A Co? vessel to Thompaon A Hunter. Had
tin. waatl.er; 3 lava N of iiat'.era*.
lirlu Adila (Hp), Cabot. Maian/a. H duya, In hahaat. lo R
PulC A Co. Had line weather; waa 6 day. norm of Hat
teraa.
schr George WnahlBgton, Sb?rlock, Barnco. Id dam, with
Irult to M m Douglaa?ve.xel to E Piilg A Co Nor 2L had a
lieavv g.-ilefrom HK aliu-e moderate weather.
ScJir l-.lvlra, P,?icroft, Georgetown, SC, IB days, with lum
ber. toCha.e, Talbot A Co. Had lieaiy weather; beep 6.)nva
north of Hatteraa.
b tu Ai.nie Wbitn-ore, llawkln., Virginia
Schr Buvanna, Woodman. Virginia.
Soltr Jane Km.on, Van clief, Georgetown, DC.
Si-lir Kate Robln.on, Pendleton, Baltimore for Warebam.
Schr Joaeph Nlckeraon, Klelfht, Baltimore for Bridgeport,
hclir T Sanitli. itiv on, I'liiladelpbl. for Bo.ton.
Schr Belhvvd, Itiakinaon, Georgetown, DC,
RcrnssKU Mtilp Conlidenoe, I'atteraon, hence for Liver
pop) on the Ijdtli to Wm Nelaon, Jr. Ketnrnt-d on ac
fount Ot hftMA too rfigjik* ts wrwnaad on Ike vovaae.
Th. British brig F.sstlv, Captain
consigns! to S L Merchant A Co iiiot as before reported
t'uiMiil Tkrcugb ll?ll C4*lnt
BOUND HOI'TIL
Steamship Wummitta, Fteh, New Bedford for Naw Voik,
Willi indue Mini nassenvers. to Kerctison "''bu
ll rig Alice IS, Marsden, Bermuda for IJew 1 ork.
Brig Atlaraita <Br), Dernier, Rockland, NH, for new
Tom, wuu utone to I* I Nevms.? Nons.
Bilg Hampden, Smith, Bangor for New Turk, with lumter,
to llolyoke. r?k
Brig Anuldneck. Connollv, Providence for New Y ork. _ _
NchrtJeoW Richer l? (Br), Chalmers. St John, NB. for
New York, with lumber to P I Nevlus A N'">s. _,u
Schr Emma, Bradley, st John, NB, lor New York, with
lumber to Jed Krjre A 1*0. _
Schr Potomac, Harvey, Bangor lot New York, with lumbei
"VchrS L Thorn pt ?n, Hull, Portland for NewYork, with
etone lo order.
Schr Idaho, Pane. Portland for New York, with lumber to
wartcr. _1IW
Schr L P Wright, Marsden, BocklanJ for New York, with
lime to order.
Schr DM French, ChUda, Bookport for New York, with
?tone to order.
Schr ISlla Francis, Bulger, Calais for New Y ork, with lum
Schr July Fourth, Thayer, Bangor for New York, With
lumber to Simpaou A Claup.
Schr B Sherman, llaulccr, Rock port for New York, wl.h
atone to John* n A?Co. _
Schr Waller Tborndyke, Hall, Rockland for NewYork,
with lime, to Candy A Fresey.
Schr Crescent Dodge. Hatch, Calais for New York, with
lumber, to Simpson A Clapp.
Schr Oeorge F Prencott, Mills, Vlnalhavn for 1 blladel
'"'s'ciir A J Iferaty, Heraty, Cape Ann tor New York, with
?tone, to Cadctter A Co.
Schr Louler Newton, YYiUtamt, Gardiner for NewYork,
with lumber, to Q K llolyoke.
Schr Trcaaure, Taylor, Providence for New York.
Schr Fntinle Ilamm r, Cook, Nantucket for Pbiud -Iphle.
Schr Copia, Weet, Somerset for New York.
Schr Ktnina L Porter, Fox, Bristol for New York.
Sclir Wind, Sullivan, Norwich for Trenton.
Schr Healer. DmvIh, Port Chester for New York.
Schr Maria P Heam. Hall, New Rocbelle for New York.
Scar W hletlcr, Kecle. Tanutnn tor Sew York.
Hchr Village Queen, Conkllng, Wareham for Baltimore.
Sclir A Sawyer, Wall, Providence for New York.
Schr Chancellor, Smith, New Haven for New York,
Schr Nelauu Harvey, Hearer, provli'enco for New York.
Schr Plymouth Ruck, Parker, Boston for New York.
Schr Cohanset, Bennett, Rangor for PhlUde'phla.
Jj"br Challonga, Wbitmore. t>w Haven for N
ScR'i V-ffVSZ kim'w'w jiavei'for New Ynrk.^
hchr Emma tC.iraham, Smith, Newport for Philadelphia.
Sclir Almira, Hoeenna-i. fllen Cove for Wtebawken.
Schr \V W Brwinard. Trlbh'e, New Haven for Port Johnson
Schr Julia Crawford, Young. Danversporl for New York.
Schr Wlllarif Salisbury, Handy, Providence for New Y'ork.
SonrSaliie Burton, Palmer, Stamford lor New York.
Hchr I) Nelson, Ferris, Stamford for New Y'ork.
Schr Aaher S Parker, Carpenter, then Cove for New York.
Schr Thomas Jelleraon, Roach, Stamford fur New Y'ork.
BOUND EAST.
Rtcamahla Nereus. Hearse. New Y'ork for Boston.
Schr Kvelyn, Burger, New Y'ork tor Siamroru.
Bcnr Oliver Perry, Murphy, New York I or i .len Cove.
Schr Ocean us, Satterlee, Washington, DC, for New Ua
vnn.
Schr F. II Barnes, Avery, Alexandria for New Haven.
Hchr K J Hovt, Arnold, Baltimore for Ne
New Haven.
Schr K .1 Irwin, Johnson, Philadelphia for Boston.
Schr Pali S C vought, Halleck, New York for Oyster Bav.
Schr K C Lenou, Carmody, New York for Boston.
Schr S A Heed, Arnold, New York for Hartford.
Schr Sabine, Kelly, New Y'ork for Boston.
Sclir Mountain Laurel, Jenks, llobokeo for Boston.
Schr Liberty. Johnson, Klizabelhpm-t lor Providence.
Hchr Panthea, Hill, Kllzabethport for Nctv Loudon.
Hchr John D Bnclutlew, Shropshire, New York for New
Haven.
Schr Reading Railroad No 4S, Eaton, Trenton for New
Haven, c
6chr M Hatch, Hatch, Port Johnson for Providence.
Hchr L Edwards, Edwards, Baltimore lor New Haven.
Schr Robert Feller, James, Fire Island for Falrhaveii,
fiehr tlslota, Kennflton, Kllzabethport for Providence.
Hchr Hudson, Chase, Port Johnson for Fall River.
Schr Artist, Forrester, New York for Somerset.
Hchr Churles Delamaier, Ellzakethport for Providence.
Schr Julia Ann, Jones, Kllzabethport for Bridgeport.
Schr George Kane, Eliiabethport for New Haven.
Schr 1 11 Borden, Atwood, New York lor Fall River.
Schr Cornelia, Carroll, EuzabeJipm-t for I'jp vide nee.
Schr Celeste. Brewer. Albany for Korthbort.
Schr Lewis Hsker, Fotest. for Falrliaven,
Sleanja Oiurav. R-injr, Saw York for Tall Rirer.
RAILED.
A^rchSlcWon^'wi*' Wl"" L">- Savannah; Jama,
mond Ae Clyd''' a,ld Albemarle, Rich
mond, jc
?.Wlnd at sunset NE, light
Marine Disuten.
?^/kkK.CLANBMA? ??r>. Mnnr.at Phl'adelphla from Liver
J?0,?'-[""I very rough weather the entire pusaage; loat lome
?alii, store boat, and sustained other damage.
fnJfwu' ?>o?^.A7w <B.r1.11-Iohn8tone- from Boston Nor 10
!.mw 1 71, J? 15. ,bullc' wtl* audoned at sea IHth;
BSrasjuS??X
fSSk?awss M".rs5iv?s
!2,?h?3I,I!?eilaeri Jc^eer' wlthout damage, and anchored
in the outer harbor of JNewuort.
Mab* A OAvm?The second mate and two of the
erew of the brig Marv A Davis, of Portland, beforo reported
?hS2? i* 1 at 2""' In". In the brlgJohD
rhrystal, from Areeibo. The cretv of the M A Davis were
reaauea by the brig Manllus. 18
'*T<of Portland) Gales, at Rt Pierre. Mart.
31st ult, from Haltimore, reports Oct 18, lat 88 40, Ion 88 48
picked up three men on a part of a house of the ship Nonpa
reil <or Newcastle, E>, from Bombay for Now York which
vetsel went down seven days before with 22 of the crew and
teul^e .r^ffsT h'd Calfn nolUlu? f(,r seven
SoilB Scsan (of Boston), Sherman, which arrived at n?'.
Dmore aith Inst from Providence, got ashore In Cheuipr.tke
o'bmtali^gTot?. P?rl,0n0f h" consuming
S? tiR Gov tloot)WIN, Moore, arrived at New Bedford 25th
Inst, from Newport, to repair, bavin? boon dismasted aud
fore rei'ioTted"1*'* ?n <;k*t Shoals on the llih, us be
b ur n ed'to t he'waTer' s ed g??'P ?Ue?' 'U was
of ivk s?"*- Mi*,uile*
IlllMi'ellniiroua.
We ate under obligations to Purser J F Baldwin, of the
steamship Cleopatra, from Havana, for the prompt delivery
of our files, ic.
We are indebted to Purser ,T 0 Webb, of the steamship
Magnolia, from Savannah, for favors.
Daukiih Mr Henry Steers will launch at II AM to-day
from his yard at Oreenpolnt the steamer (ien MuAlister She
was built for the Cnlted States government, to b# need in
dredging the bsr at the mouth of the Mississippi River to
improve the harbor ot New Orleans. Her dimensions are
Length, 800 tect; breadth, 5*0 feet; depth, 24 feet; tonnage 900
tODS. k
Stxamhiup Spain?The following is an abstract of the
log of the Nations) Steamship Company*? steamship Rpaln,
R*i Grace commander, on her recent passage to New York'
The exhibit shows su excellent run for this season of the
year
!A? *30 PM, tender left, .ind ?t earned slowly to the
brtwse amfolotid v?? lightship, and off full speeJ; fresh
16th-?Wind NNE; at 6:10 AM Rallycotton abeam: 7 *80 an
breexe snd^lear't0Wn' ahe,t<j; lu"
8S97mii^''n<l weMer,T: broMe and h"T. Distance run,
n^^'^rncVrTn^S: a"d
19th?Wind NW and N; fresh gale end heavy i#a' enirlna
aSKT wino vww rV I)',Ul?'' miles. gU,#
249 miles reah and he**P sea. Dlstsnce run,
848,raiieifNN*^' frwh ?nd heavy sea. Distance run,
Dlrtwtrun^mli?.1 fo<?? down.
8(*^m7T?[II,d WSW "Dd I,W: fr#e*il hieexe. Distance ran,
ru^'Sia ^',rdWiable: 010 J#rat? "?itieze and clear. Distance
2Mb-Wind variable; first part strong breeze and hesw
uSc'*.nnr. S? rJdlS? 1 M e<* l"lot off DlZ
cbopsd~oo' QasranUne??b0r<d ,,ook:"t8AM
JfLHSri?Schr Harry Conrad was launched from the
vsrd of W O Nettleton, at Fair nave n, Nov SB. The Conrad
Is a three-masted schr, ol about tilio tuns burden and uS
about $83,000. She wl)l 1^ commanded by cSpt Sodn^
?-rk?r. ontl will go Into the coal Ir.ule inr the Marvbiml
loal Co, from the President of which aiic takes Iter oaiiio
MNken,
*2:1 from
4.???M^14ri?!,bli,9ri ,r0m Ur^oul 'or Darien, Nov
NoWluMVilandTp^.^ N>W Vork for Asp.nw.il,
Porelga Part,.
A^tb^0*0h'r*~*r^'V*o','Ogl>Slcb?lrdSon^Kjrtl'''i!f'
NbI* (Br}' 1,"J,IOr' M0b,te; A,lr'" (Brl' PtadaJS Jol,n,:
llu.ulTus*0tb' M#ri# A beriTl Berr'' a P?? north of
.Bnr^^NewWesnV:^''^' ,cUr Li'i"" Valley
Havana, Nov 18 -Arrived, brie Sullivan Perr? nn.?.
19th, schr Klizabeth A lie Hart. Lowe. New Voi k -'"lit hrili
Waverley, Terry, Swansea and St Tbom^; Ida". hJ 1 iLA
Vn,1' I NB; 22.1, steamship Missouri,'Morton' New
\ork via Nassau; brig John M Suras, Arnetta New VnfiT
schr 8t iIawm, Saltan). Tabasco und Camreiicliv ftvih'
NewYort^,."' "?r^' ,,Mk,U' V'rh *'r'tz *to' sal? for
ra1S!!"5WalarhO'ise, New York; schr
Thomas .1 f raster, P!n?nf do; ilHh, bris C M RernAinV
Stmonson, Pcnsacola; 21si, schr Lluda, Sewioo^w O?!
ak',ZWW" i7-An"'"< n,? O Gaunt, Br),
PortlsVrT"''*' "0T 1,- Arrivt<1' br>X Amelia Emma, Tonion, 1
^JFalksmo, No? 4- Arrived, brig Eugenia. Larrabee, Ban. I
zrt Bovd,
ySAUPA, Nov 18?Sailed, bark da'z^'tfi.er, New I
"n'liKS "ii aHoh Nov
A merli n n Parrs.
Ge^rTmown.LUC.N?T M"Ar"?-idi" *?rru, Knuloolt,
Hmanafbrjsa*B L ^Jelirge' 'Sn A&dlHr?'
Sunder Wonatar PhA^Ji? ai a I,MTi?'?iey, and Bertha
s kui. s,!,: Philadelphia: Sedona. liolhrook, and Gra
kIiL,, 1 ort Johnson; J w Coilin Union Lliza.
bnrv I.M.. n J Hobukan j George A Alheit,Wond
and'j^fo.' ,F*rcttaon; Julia h" lama;-e, ditcher,
Vi.rk u.i f* Wilson, Rondout; Del.ware, snow, New
rie.re t H V^'*, '-oood In.
marSl^ Hom,H^.Jnu.n,e ,'u,l"'.an. Smallev, Gores and a
LlndSV, Ptnalb A*tunwali. r" '1 Vork brig dam ,el
Sailed?Snip Muntaoa.
BALt'^m'i'inp* 'i?r* '7* from London
Rio i^ f??Arrived, hriKs Frances Jane, Jones,
"Ivoe NswVor* IU,bln? ,,o: "cUr l,U A J?rn#
9ts:uoslilp Wm Kennedy, Fnaier, Boston via
AHh.!. ti Vu A'lroruJNoT), Norbeag, Cork; schrs William
Arthur, I lot'dilnson, I ortland: (ieorge Kates, Hall, and I'y
roia, Mayo, Proyldence; (.'has Ii Kelly, bale, New York ii,
,r Mtumona, do.
N"v -'4 Arrlrsd, schr Helen Mar, Duncan,
iV^cy ork.
rTe.ired Rehra Wm F Garrison, Blackmail, Philadelphia;
llsnrr Whiinev, Perkins, New York.
?Ajri\Noy J4 Aft lied, sehr Rising Run, Jones. Wllatlog
WV Nti,
vldenoe for New York. s?a.kl PhUadelphis.
S7lh?Sailed, schr tm.nl L Pnrtrr. Sr?r".
BRIDGEPORT, Nov87 ?*"?!*'}'.J??.1?.-hi* Jane, Allen,
Lis; A E ^rr'^wu.Lvuoh t olJ spring. H
nu(I Laoort. Rafford, Nrw York, w*? w o
dout; Mary Ttce, Dmabaro, New Delphi, Allen,
Mot I rail., and 0 Burdett. Rogers, Hobohen, D?ipn,
Port Johnson: Jowph, skl.tmore; Emily, i. liial.eiht.ort;
Merrttt, Gladwin, and J N Srymour, Norton, E1U?MUH*?m
?loop W S Mount. Hawkins, do. Manhattan.
CHARLESTON, Not 28-Arrived. steamship Maunawan.
Wood hull. Now York brig Ygabellta, Hsvana.
Hailed- Steamship Charleston, BorrT, New kor*.
DANVKItB. Not 21-Arrtved, achr Julia A raw
Young, Ellzabeihport.
2Stl?Arrived, xchr Veto, Watt|, New York.
EA8T OHRBR WICH, Nov M- -Arrived, achr Mar? J
?"^VTkeSs V^-Arrwed. hark a Law
r4P^RlVEH.1Nr/27raSw.t2br N II Bklioer, Thresh
"liAL'V^HTON. Not 80?ArriTOd, echr Mart B Harriet
^SUiS* khm Stiver* Ida Br), Rich, Liverpool; hsrka Cra
Wf'^urrowaandMary Mark W Pirouet. do; brig
fk?u EaclS? witftrl.ouae, l'Ulladelphla, sclir Gem, Doane,
N^th-l?nWeo. steamship. Wilmington, Cole, New York;
BOLo6tWrfK,? Nov^-A^Te., schr. Allee T Bradley,
GLOUt r. I r.jt, Haven; Franklin, Robinson#
??Tfor 5o..on; Adella *rMy. toung, hew York, Peter
8MOBF^ N?T ^ae^d, .teamshlp Australian (Br),
"'mABbWeaD. Nov 20?Sailed, sehr Jacob T Alburger,
CNKW ORLEA^r'NoTlia-Below, ship John Parker (Br),
STEWBKRN,LNo"PC7-Bailed, steamship Zodiac. Ohaptn,
NVoRFoi.K, Not 2b-Arrived, schr Mary D Cranmer, Cran;
""sailed- RrigRomsnoe, Barbados; schr Fsunle Keating,
KNk"\\ "hi'DF<)Rn, Not 36?Arrived, scbrs Matthew Ysissf
J?isnaK's^r^m.^ "k.?t, Baltimore;
Mtnnrnots, Phluney; Niger. Thompson, E J MunssM, Par.
ker; Fannie W Jol.n.-don, Marts; NelsnnHaiteT, assrss,
Iris. Lowdtn s Herbert Manion, troweli; James U Deputy,
Starves, and II P Ely, Stokes, Philadelphia.
NEWPORT, Novas, I'M Arrive I, hrtgg Lney W Snow,
Hall. Ror\)snd for (TT.Ivosion; Hampden Smith, Bangor for
New York Atitiidncck, Haley. Providence for do; scbrs Ur
liana, Allen, Dichton lor do; .Tames Parkor, Kr, Kelly, Paw
tucket for do: Alabama, t'hasc. Providence for do: A Saw
ver. Wall, do for do lor Calais.; Idaho, Davl?, Portland ror
New York; Emma (Br), Bra dea, St John, NB, for do; Po
tomac, Carver, Hancor fog do; P Oerrish. Armstrong,
Calais for Philadelphia; Ella France*, I'u.cer, do for New
York; Marv Nalt. Barker, I'awtucket fordo: Silas Wright,
Brown, Baker's Landing for do; Caroline A I oriulia. Crow
lev, Somerset for do; Artist, Forrester, Bristol lor do; Isle,
Bullock. Port Jo' uson for I'orlia-.d.
2t?th, PM?Arrived, schr* Riei.anl Borden. Borden, Fell
River for New York: North Pacific, Eaton, Providence for
27th, 8 AM-Arrived. s. hrs Mary Price, Murty, Philadel
phia; Thos p Cornier, Mcerer, Iioboken; S L l rocker.
Thrasher, Taunton lor Newark: Harriet (.ard nor, Miller,
Fall River for Savannah; K M Smith, do lor New York; ROM
Prills, Mills. Provider., o Tor Norf Ik; Naiad Queen, Chase,
do for Philadelphia; Eslellu, Furniss. and Treasure, Tevjor,
do for New York; Monitor, Bobbins, New York for New
PM--Arrtved, schr# Kale Wa.k r, Philadelphia for Pall
hi ver; Liicy h Blossom, do for LuU^c; C K Werstworto^
AVEN.'^Nnv 28-Arrived. schr* Katie .7 Hovt,.
Arnold, Baltimore: O canus. Satterlee, Ale?..iidrm, Va;
M a A Barnes, Averv, do: SusnD scranton. ilrrvev, YorlS
River Va '1 S Reppler, Blli/.srd, Port .loknaion; CurtW
(loodwln, l.ewls, du; Elm <Xv, Kn? h do; L l?Jemrd*
(ioo.lwin, lie wis, do; Flm City, Kid l, do; u i> jeirara,
Davis, Fll/sb. thpo i; A Huuson, Uurney, riunton; sloop
Ethan Allen, Chrlstln, Nrw York. _
Sailed?Sehr* W k Phelps, (hrann.er, neorgetowji: G B
Markle TifsiiOD Port Johnston; Kdward Muslev Hill; R B
R%, Kee.l; Molt Bedell, Bedell; Monitor. Bowdibrh and J
P Mefevdi, Dunlsp, New Yorlt; stoop Active. Mack, do.
Pi"?sAmLA. Nov 24 -A-nved. bark New York, GlbbSf.
AmiTnwail' nckrH lieleo Hastmca. Aiw'?? Hayona; Litiid
Bap holder, English, Now Orleans; Oliver Jamison, Kvaue.
PHlLAi>EI,PniA, Nov 27 Arrived, bsr'ts Clansman (Br>,
Mhit Eiveipool; Plelnlss (Hrl. Comnbell, Matieras; sehre
ann.nU-ivajd.il! Who'pley. Savanna la Mar; Mary Bfsm,
vitt/McDcvitt, IlAitiord. lh low, ?hlp Admiral, from Ham
bu,-t ..j chin R.irnnsk. Ives, Liverpool; bark Skofn*'
wind Fonl Fall River; Lamartine, Midler, New Bedford{
?NoweU, Fennlmore^ Fall River; Wert vftud. Townscnd.
DLitwitB, Nov 27?Went up vesterdav, hark-Merldrn, frmg
'crwr?hiUr?
G Bird, Drink water. New^ w v k
(Jleared?Schr Tca/^r, Hamilton, New Yoi*.
rniii. ArrivP'f bark Ida K, Doan?e Newport# ?j
PRnvrNCETOWN, Nov ?To port bark Naptonc, ftot&
Turks Island lor Boston; brig Unloorn, from Surinam for
dd* Nov 27?Arnved, schrs Rhodella Blew#
V."S Slo??, DC; Wm Tl'iou.as. White, Ellwbeth
''"'PROVIDENCE. Nov 27?Arrived, sehr* Bsnj P Wriuht#
Bri.wn Pnsi's Island; Ann S Cannon, Cobb, I l.i.adelDlila!
J II Bartlett, Harris; Ann, Marsl.ell: I-jtus (^i imherlaln.
Adau.s: Tunis Bodlne. Brown, and Dolphin. Smith, FdWas
kothnnrt' KutiE MftcbAl, KnstllUin# do for ppwtll''.kflt, 86?
Flower Chase. Port Johnson: Nathaniel Holn.es, Northrnp,
and Anteeedebt, Sliell.eld, Iioboken T W Thome, bcranlon,
NM^d^Brig Idslia (Br), Gordon, Bristol, lo c. on the ml
rlne railwnv tl,eT reported ssfilng on Falnrdav was an er
ror -sel.rs ST Wines. Hulse. and Modesty, Weaver, MalU
saore ?Thomas R Williams, Somera. Haverstraw Snsan
Msrv' Kcnvon; W H Rowe. Whlttemore; l> sawyer, Rorer# t
Saratoga. Weeks; Ssrab Elisabeth. KeBv; J M l.ayles Aiv
nolo? ,rii Young, Barrett; WlHard Rallihury. llan ly; UaJ
SmUh Hickman, and Jnanlta Flanders, New
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov 'Jfi?Sailed, bark Oancho Br>,
tiiitz Ydkohwina via Sandwich Islands.
SAVANNAH, N<nrtl?GUmrtd, bark Oo?lb' 'N<D, Btw
k<2&th?'Arrtyed.'ldi^ Tuscarora, Liverpool; brigs ilaocatells,
Fcruandina; .Tohu ChryHtal, Araeibo.
28tb?Arnveu, bri^n Rcdwootl, H&vddb; An v Mft*
tanxaff.
Tbroe brizB ar* b^low.
Cleared-Steamship Virgo. R.Ukley. New Tor.. or g; Nue
vitas, Barcelona; sebrs Mary E Orshani, Jackionvllle, Ad?
'"sT M ARYsTos," Nov 13?Arrived, harks Pluenix I Brl, Mc
Kenr.ie, Boston: Corbcla Zar.gozu (8p), Havani; hug*
PClearo<M%h?Ting K'ia, Fnller. Montev deo.
VINFYARD HAVEN, Not 2ft. PM?Arrivfrt, fbr RoblJ
Leonard (Br), B.siott, t'V.la.lelphl* for St John, N It. I
Wkh Arrived I lis Ida L JLiy. Bradford, \ew.nirg fof
R(tstoiT sel.r?Corvo| Pickering, New York for S 'em.Heo
Ktlborn, Stanley, Hondout for uo; C Loeser, lloskcll, I hllSe
delnhla /or Boston; Clara, Norbcrry, do ,oi Me ijovd. Bertha.
Rouder Wooster, do for Boston; Locblcl, Hs#kell<Rondout
inr do-'Lehannsl., Wall, Klliabctliliort for do; J W Loffln,
8lrout' Iioboken lor do; Oliye, McFarland, ElUab. thport tar
"SSwrtbi"Ocean belle (Br) Peck, do for Ha^
fsx. NS; Dresden, Mitchell, Port Johnson for H0 ..011, Annl^
Macs*. oung, Bo?ton for Alleghany R:vsr, NC
Almlra Woolev King; J T Wesver, Weaver; John elusmon*
A dams; JMH .oornall, Dowlas.'; Wm wller, Kay, H
Mav Met fcliz i A R^b?ccAj Price; Dnrtd t oliinx. Townj
n*ud. xnJ Selllc B, BntemAii, Boeton lor Pnliede^'p.k
E Prescott, Buckmiuster, Vinalhaven lordo; Aulbe* God
frey Godfrey, Lynn for do; Fred Gray. Lakeuian, and Jaa
Ponder, Ilurfson. Salem for do: Joshua Rraj.ion. Pnow;
I- dwia Weed Smith, and Oliver Dver, Felker, Boston for Bal
Utnors Isabel L 'hsrce, Pierce; fcumce, Rich; LJasleJ?
Barker. Barker, and Alice, Bernard. fo'
cimn Richtrdi (Br) 81 .Tohu, NB, lOF
New York; Creecenl Lodge, Hatch, V? i v?*
IT Mary B Reeves, Mahonev. do tor Pawlucket;
n.naru Grant Karnhatn, Boston for Bslttmore, Florvrse
SSThS?fctJklSS Sr, Norf.dk; Bmah MarU, Mjhmlf,
n s Koisbu Blaitde I; W Kreemao, ???end R 8 Vfodg?sea?
PemHelon do lor New York Fred O Frye. Al?a..nder,Jlam
d'n fo^Norfnlk Silver Bell, baile Gardiner for New York;
Balsera L Shearman, Jones, Rockport, Mass. for do R1I
Hnntley, Davis. Bo.ton lor New Haven Onward, Gorhaas#
NSai|Ved^All?vcrt#Hs Ve"re reported except schis T O Smith
,?,i, Also sailed sclirs M W Gliding, R J liConara
?5eiBr?nLapLClSnTiw Conn. Olive. Ben ha Smuler.
Also an ived 26th, revenue steamer Hamilton. Case, for New
York; Iris. Johnson, Portland for Phlladdphla.
1 Tw7?, aM--Arri-.ed, brigs Anna Linilsley (Pr), Edgett,
nmL xn furNewYork; Al.srata, Wallace, Portland
tOr d^ Mhrs lempo (llr), Holder. New York fov 81 John*
uii. ineetine. RoMmoo, do for lpxwich; Kloka, Look,
viiMhMhmwt for PlVmoutb; Rachel Vannaman, Brower.
PbUadelpii?a lor Boston; Louler Newton Wailscc, Gardiner
rnv M*w York* Canary, Hart, Portland ler do; Fisher,
Cart.es Ply mouth for do: Delia llodgklns, and K It I *r
Sfn r\c1. Boston ror"Tangier; Emma O EdwarJs, Lea;
Geo Nevenger, Smith, and Km Curtis, Barbour, Boftoa tot
Philadelphia; Je<l Frye. Lsngley. CalaU lor New Haven;
Nora Wallace, New York for Boston.
WILMINGTON, NC, Nov26-Arnved, steamship Benefga
tor JoneaTNew York schr Sarah Bruen, Klahor. do.
cllxared?Bark KxpreM (Br), Sanunter, Llrerpoo.
WAlib 11AM, No? 26?Arrived, fchri John Mcttler, (J#*
mMUWtshethjort: Lady Anirlm, Carter; 8 s Smith,
snow, and Elm CHy, Harvey, New Vork. vni.??
26th?Sailed, sclirs .I W Hascomb, lor New Tor* illage
Oueen, Conkltn, BalHmore. u,?a.
WARREN, Nov 24-Atrived, sehr Surah B.a^e, B.aks,
^IMIh-Arrired, schrs Samuel N Smith, Conarv, t lgabeth
rort- ET Smith. B.ikor. Uot.oken.
27th- Saile.1, e.-hr Mary U Mlfllln, Ferris, Nev
York.
91X19C BLLANBOtJS.
t TTRACTIVB GOODS
J\ at manufsotnrers' prlocs,
arriving dally from
purrha'es made for cash by the understgneo duio.g his iat?
"''drir h Ch/i'ia and Decorated Dinner ?"d ^ee Se. V
wsre, Hhefljel I and Hlriningham Goods, Pistedwsre. t.cuerv.
flaanets Pl.te-kVar-r. ^^^'B'^VfHlD*
cooper li.siltuie.
A B80LUTK D1VOROE9 LEGALLY OBTAINED FROM
thecourlx Of dlfinreill Stains. N pulillollV. Advio#
free. Nourv Puhlle in 1 Cnmtnlvsloner for every Sta e.
F. 1. K1.1G Oounsellor-?t-Law. dd.l Bros IwaT
A HS'lLUIK DIVORCES DEO ALLY OBTAINED IN
A different ft-il"#; dese.rllon, *c *n(0?leBt esu?s.
publicity, no charge,
|\R. OANDEE, Sl'RGEON DHIBOPODIBT' OFFICE 10
\J Bond street, near Brosdway,
feet with my gre.t Indian Remedy for Corns end Bunions.
Con-.tiHstioi. irec.
(MedltutICo!.* jcisud It. V" i^geo^indon.
Shl's''uTm^Uju 41an^e"^"ermaneu't I'' M?*
au centre street, near Chambers- Hours, 9 A. M. till 6 P. M^
Nn MORI- MEDICINE- 70,(ICO CURES OF DYSPEPSIA,
Phthisis Constipation, Dlerrh-ra, Liver and Nervous
ll.samara bv DC BAttKY'S delicious
Disorder., ^^LENTA ARABIC A FOOD,
whlah si vii* fifir imias lit cost... med clnn?.
UC Barry a CO., 16 l?e> -tree., Nest York.
r.CHEKCK'B PULMONIC SYRUP,
S SEAWEED TONIC AND MANDRAKE PILLS.
These are the oulv medirinss that will cure Pulmonary
Consuiuptlon. I?r. SCHENCK has been In constant prac
tice over thirty year#, crnlln.islly eiaminld;; lungs, and
knows his medicines, ir properly lsken, will cure consump
tion. Ills MANDRAKE PILLS cleause the llv.-r and atom
aoh; his SEAWEED TONIC dissolves the f >od, stimulates
the costing of th? stomach a.i.l mokes It dlgost; his PUL
MONIC SYRU P ripens the mutter and rioturr throws It Oil
Without nny exertion. JOHN F. HENRY, J
N.>. 8 Coilege place, New York, Wholssslo Ayent.
rpilE POtlH LITTLE SUFFERER WILL BE I MM*
J fihilrlv reiiDvxn by fining Mix. WI?I8LUW'8 bOOTHlHw
81 HI. I* ftir rhihirrn tnuihtog.