WASHINGTON.

A RBRYICE BEFORM—INSULTING ALLU
Orvil ERUTTUR. TRUMBULL BY SENATOR
A NELING—REPLY OF GEN. LOGAN.
(BY TELEGRAPH TO THR TRIBUNE.
WasrINGTON, Friday, Deo. 15, 1871.
Bepablican Senators were In caucus again
Wu to-day, and the result of theit action
will be hardly more salisfactory than that of the
east two days. Reports from numerous sources rep
resent she meeting as the warmest and the debate
the most personal of any that has yet taken place.
Of the pretended friends of the Administration, Sen
ators Conkling, Edmunds, Carpenter, and Sherman
led in the debate, Conkling assuming the most im
penous airs, and cracking the party whip with the
greatest recklessness ovor the heads of the devoted
eleven, who dared look to any one else as a leader.
His remarks were pointed particnlarly at Messrs,
Trumbull and Schurz, but his wily insinuations were
intended at the same time to hit all the men who
voted for Mr. Trambull’s amendment, and the Re
publicanism of all of whom he called in question.
TORS.
gruton, Ta
The almost insulting language in which Mr. Conk
ling referred to Judge Trambnll, who was absent,
called up Mr. Logan in defense of his colleague, and
he made an admirably manly speech. After hurling
back the imputatious which the Senator from Now
York had cast upon Mr. Trumbull, he made a stand
in favor of personal liberty within the Republican
party. He had heard enough of this “reading out”
of the party every man who differed with the Sena
tor from New-York, and those acting with him in
cogard to party men and measures. It was some
thing new for self-constituted judges to set them
selves up as models, and then attempt to drive
ont of the party orgauization every man who did
oot come up and toe the mark which they had
drawn. For one, he (Logan) would allow no collar
to be placed about his neck, nor would he allow the
self-constituted party leaders to crack their whips
over Lis head, and train” him np to the line which
they might lay down. At the same time he an
pounced lis determination fo remain in the Repub
Lean party, and to gtand by it fundamental prin
ciples, while on all questions of policy he should act
as his jndgment ditected.

Senator Alcorn also epoke in rimeh the same etrain
41 Gen. Logan, claiming that, vLile he was a sup
porter of the Administration, he was unwilling to
put his neck into any party collar, or to receive the
dictates of any nan as to whether he shonld support
(his or that measare which did not involve the prin

i


ples of the party. Mr. Wilson's epeech, to-day, was
an emincutly wise one. Ie again warned lus party
(rands that the conrso they were pursuing was £ii

~idal: that the impression had already gone forth

that the Administration was shunning investigation,
and, that, unless a change of policy was immediately
adopted. the people wonld becoma convinced that

(here was really something to bs covered up. Mr.
1
Schurz also made a strong speech.
At length Mr. Tiumbull's resolution was ro
amended as to strike ont of it all reference to Civil
service Reform. and all power to send for persons
and papers, and it was then agreed to; so that, if it
is passed in the Senate on Monday, as it undoubtedly
will be, the majority of the Renrublicans in the
Senats, and those, too, who pretend to represent the
President, will place themselves on record as being
apposed to any inquiry into the expediency of so
amending the laws, under which the appointments
to the public service are now made, as to provide for
the selection of subordinate officers after due ox
amination by the proper Boards, their continu.
ance in oflice during the specified terms, nuless
dismissed upon charges preferred and sustained
before tribunals designed for that purpose, and for
sestraining the public service from being used as an
instrument of political or party patronage. This an
cagonisin to the policy of the President in favor of




“ivil Service Reform, repeatedly announced to the
rountry, is generally consideaed bere as hard to un
derstand. Another criticism on the action of tho
caucus is that they will order their committee to
“inquire into the expenditures of all branches of

the service, what offices can be abolished, what sal
tries or allowances ought to bereduced, what are the
methods of procuring accountability in pnb
io officers in the care and disburse.
ments of public moneys, whether moneys
bave been paid out illegally, and generally how and
wo what extent ths expenses of the service of the
oountry may and gught to be reduced, but refuse to
zive them any power over the person or papers of
any officer of the Government.” It Las been asked
more than once, this evening, if the Senators expect
the defanlters all to come veluntarily before tho

Committee, exbilnt their books, point out the
<alse entries, and render a full acconnt of
the moneys they have stolen. Mr. Frelinghnvsen
powinated the following Committee: Messrs. Buck
{ngham, Howe, Pratt, Harlan, Stewart, Poole, and
Saulsbury, and it was agreed to. It will be seen that
vo ome, except Salsbury (Dem.), who spoke or voted in
raror of Mr, Trumbull's resol tion, is to be placed on
the Committee. The action of the majority 18 charac
terized as a very grave ‘political blunder, even by
many who are in favor of Gen. Grant's renomi
vation.

CURKENT TOPICS AT THE CAPITAL.
A DULL DAY IN THE HOUSE—REPUDIATION IN
SOUTH CAROLINA—WIIY ATTORNEY-GENERAL
AKERMAN RESIGNED.
{BY TELEGRAPH TO TIIR TRIBUNE
5 WASHINGTON, Friday, Dee. 15, 1871,
The Senate was not in session to-day. The
season of the House, to-day, was short and dull. The
Pension Committee, which deserves credit for prompt
Industry, occupied the morning hour in reporting and
Paaning private bills. The approprigtion for a Govern
went building at Chicago was next considered, and
®AVe rise to an hour's debate. Mr. Holman
usd 'Mr. Randall tried to lead the Democrats
‘nto opposition to the bill, and proposed to cut the
Sinout SW 6a 5.000,10, but only a few members fol
oro br Marshall, Swann, Cox, and
ng ground in favor of the amount re
sorted by the Committees. Mr. Randall got the New
York Court-Ilonse mixed up with the Now-¥e rk
Cost-Oflice Lic) i 4
Which he sald had been planned
“0 cost  $5,00000, and would cost $10 000,000
Mr. Dawes took advantage of this mislake
make 8 potnt on the Tamm take
h any frauds, and to raise
laugh on Randall, who tried a
to Interrupt Dawes, and got
s rhetorical slap in the face, Dawes te hy
ais own tulking in his own time.” lng bim to do
PPV: hd antd satciathins  otnd Mr. Randall got an
u time or out of time. He looked exons
slack, bug cooled down and watched for 'Y Phim
“Chhinet, and that ho brought down upon himself the en’
mity of this ring by a decision ndverse to their interosts.
Mr. Akerman has been offered his choioo between a
South American mission and a United States Judgeship
1m either Florida or Texas, but it is probable that he
will decline all these offers and return to Georgia, where
he Nolen tolive. His health 18 poor, and he docs not
wish to go to an untried climate.
ANOTHER CAUCUS OF REPUBLICAN SENA
‘The House Appropriations Committee considered to
day the deficiency of §27,0001n the accounts of the Ku
Klux Committee, Congress appropriated $12,000 to pay
the expenses of the sonthern investigation, and the
amount expended, according to accounts, was $09,000,
Javing £27,000 yet to ba appropriated. The Appropria
tions Commitice'nre not Wltogether eatisfied with the
amount in bulk, and hos asked tor an itemized aceonnt,
Tt appears that the first tain the sub-committee did noon
organization wasto make an allowance to themselves
of 8 a day, being $2 more than was over allowed bafors,
and the whole account is to unprecedented as to size,
that the AVFRanriations Committee, before allowing ii,
will demand a rigid accountahility,
The Secretary of Wer desirous of selling a number of
small arsenals, for which tho Goverdment has no uae,
2d a bill 'a pending before the Howse Military Commit
tee to give him the requisi'e anthority, Thee arzenals
were built for the mest pact before tie days of rapid
railway transportation, when it was sunposed to be im
portant to have a depot of ors in every State. Stato
pride had much to do with the watter, the menibers of
Congress endeavoring Lo sceuve the locaton of 13 many
Government buildings ia their Btales ae posse, Gon,
Slecum, who has given considerahio att sition to
the question of the propricty of ecl'ing these
arsenals, heileves that grest economy would be secured,
without decreasing the oftivtency of the wrmy, of ihe
Government would entirel. ccase tho busine «x Oh mat
facturing ans, and sell all {te Jrorics 4s wall as ure.
alg, He says that all the or ns nec ied forth» proc 01
force of 30,000 men could he made in the mwanuflscto ios
of ti'e Remington or Coit Armas C HApRLY, dla yenss
cost no greater than the interest would Le vp ntie wn
now expended annually for construction, repairs mn
maintenance of the Government armories ani arsenals,
The Government, now owns 28 arsenals, reatiered over
the country, besides tha two creat armorics al 8prl ng
field, Muss., and Rock island, Li.
nett
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NUW ATTON
NEY-GENERAL,
HIS FUTURL TOLICY FORITUATON OD,
WasmiNaroxn, oe. 15. =TLis evenine a large
number of gentlemen from the Paelile const, inciniing
wembers of Congress, culied on the Hon. Geo, di, Wil
laws, the recently appcinted Attarney-Gereral, at Lis
hotel, Mr. Clagett, deleeate from Montoua, mode a
bricf address, in wich he stated that they bad couse 0
tender their concer fiat ions,
Br. Gorham, Pecreiare ef tha Sonata, eatd he wus
sure the Republicatis or tae Pacific coast rijofeed Lieartaly
at the appointricnt. Col Meklbben added (Liat be was
equliy sure tioat ARetre IY moosrats, himealf praope the
Bamber, were tot Tees poadlicd, Ielewats Jones of Wy.
oming satd the rea Woet, ra well a0 the Ieitie const,
man Who so (accep! oy an borsdoott Were tere sla, Jif,
Willams responded «low
Gentle on, slow ota va roanonlelgaents for ile expec tone
of hi* "ves jn wee anton unt fold hg ric v
YORT (ref Toe iio3 vive. 1} Poo we that nd of van varie Leow, ta
Pacific «vam, ant J pre dia cea hin ti eetiog vet dudeat tos ns
your sotisfactom onl cee Gl r rites Lu t ta
a Jace in Presduont C= vo net. J oacerpt the 1
with dulliionce, bot co ile Ye 0 mo bl os slate Tow Fo Cite
0 as te promote fle foe eouL'ty, nnl res tut
the present Admit sora RA RE HL t ho}
scse shall devote lo ie 07 Fria) i Na of
viol uce, dsorder, ard ere, 1 3 owie 2) when Loway cone m
that whew I am plied ot fie led of th: Peart t
of Justice in ha Covorugsept, 0 for av 14 Coa
of tia: department nar ro Los ahueees We dren! oot Gar
or favor, sud with equal rorandic wl Jor wll cae ant or tum
often. TEnow roi wisi war wnin tie el cor wown he 1
delipononcies a cederas oNies, hur so ras de gp sue rt proo en
of sor de Hoquencies d L TI stra be, tin uid Le Alaa
coasiderations will mace wo's att ne raine a be stare ft rr the
guilty Ww speedy apd condom wo nent, deepir egret thd vane
yoruvat of the L0nntry ss 00 (0 coal saDeds  ciiy a preva hl wine
vor every consddera‘ion ol 4 face ne. £ore to hed ws, but i
no other means will arswer (hen Jomtumigur Gevhile rawr of the
ensuLl~y in the most vigcoroas s:i0 co eelive poner foevneh ot eng
constirzey again d the perce of socicis ail Leralr of toe une dent
cit'zeus, Goverum: u's veg At AFR MELA RTT RAR srotert fre we
azine, the stro ote Governert falls to a
Fin one in that resent, 3 Loa a peor cain ere tLe supe
and loyalty of its cic a 1 ma rwased dat So IL)
u.mhers of persons in tue ecnmiy at fli time »'unld cozoo2in
acts of violence and diorier, for there 13 pein to we gare
and mach (0 be lout, in that wae, fe wihoot poets to person aud
property, and soctc'y wittor good erivr and prace, aie co an hiely
of Jittle value but if the jas ‘ous of batrel ad roengs are nilon od to
overcome these cousidcritopy th it becom: s the lala duty of tue Gov:
ernment to integpose with “watren™ ern, to sabdue and repress those
vassicns, Nooue. in the liobt of resent eventsin New-York and ele
where, can take office now ra cgeaye te vig laut eve of the peopls, ad
noting bat active and npricit desodon ta duty will pie peers]
satisfaction. 1 shail :trogric to meoi (ne popular derand. as
well a8 10 met toe exjpecia one of wy Jrioude, wll bow wees
of success, time and events wil determine. 1 Pave le honor to be the
first Cabine: officer talen fror tha Pacife cons’, Colifopin, Nevada,
Oregon, and the 'ernitories of tie Far Weer rov nw consider theo
se'vey recornized 80d roproson od iv every Doane os tie Goderrnent

1 feel a pride iu their growth and desclopree 1 and Taba vot foszer,
fo my pew ofice, where my Lone is, or wat have lear: d of their war's
snd interests by residence of #7 ce mn on the cans 0 ade of the wis
sipp’ River, fo not areet ond ear 0 ba DENY uditem beeiae d dave
been elected to offoe, 1 beng to ths Repahiican perte, 1 believe
in its principles ard pobiacs, 1 have a yaolenad cote
tion that its .swpdiener, for rome time tO come, 18 necessary
to the preservation of peace nd the exfSrcevient of law, end subordivate
to my official obligaticus, EvorotLiog slat ean reasonably, sud konora
blv, I shall earnestly do to erence ity trinmph at the maxt Presidengial
election. I thank you, peniimmen, for this plement interview,

The speech was applauded, and after Mr. Williams had
been consratinate 7h: the company, in the shiakinz of
hands, be invited thora to partake of refresunents,
Toasts were drank to 10 Aitortnoyv-Genoranl; to the Ade
winistration and to Nir, Withiams's gracotol aud aecnm
plished wife, and the company separated evidently much
pleased with the proceedings,
Wendell Pillip: is called by a Scottish gheet,
in 1 hinhergh, a eort of American Rocliefort, Gambetta,
ard Victor Hugo rolled ino one
M.dame Mazsona, who elaims relationship
with one of Napoloou's great Marsuals, edits she May
nolin, a New-Orleans na eaziae,
Charles Diciens Las scttied in bis father's
old howe vt Gudshill, and talon Lis place as the director
of All the Year Round, which comes out thls year with
1~ usagi Chrisunos stoiy.
Mr. Julian Hawthorne, son of the novelist,
doesn't follow Lis fatle:'s bent. Ho has mastered the
profession of civil engiceer, ald 1s about to pursue Lis
caling iin Lousiana
Mr. Charles Nordhoff, tho well-known jour
nalist, etarted last Wceduesday for California, and, with
bis fan!ly, expects to rewalu on dhe Pacific coast during
the Wiut2r and Spring.
Gen. Rosecrans is using those splendid en
ergies which during the war put bimn in tio foremost
rank of military m.en, in bringing into practical operation
LOTToV-gaiige Talioads througuoul the West, particu
larly in Caldforiuia and Ohio.
Mir. John T. Alexander of Illinois, who re
cently had a Lalf million doers’ worth ef his farm sold
for the benefit of bis creditors, comes out of the ordeal
better than was suiclputed, and will be able to resume
agriculture on a by no weans beggarly scale.
AR ATES AREER Ey 4
OIFICE OF TilE CHIEP BIGNAL OFYICBR,
WAS INGTON, D. C., Dec, 156-7 p. wm.
Synopsis for the vas! (wenly-rour hours.
The low barometer which was in the Eastern
Gulf on Thursday afternoon has moved north-castward,
and is BOW Nrohuhiy off Cane Hatteras. Rain has pre
vailed in fhe South Atlantic States, and enow on the
Middle Atluntie coast, withdight north-cast winds. The
area of high barometer which covered the Ohio Valley
has moved slowly north-east ward, with falling pressure,
but can #till be traced from New-York to Louisiana. An
area of low pressure has advanced south-eastward from
Manitoba, and is now central in Minnesota. Its advance
is preceded by brisk southerly winds on Lake Michigan,
and snow froin Missouri northward, The barometer has
fallen fu Califoruia aud Oregon.
Probabilities.
The cloudiness will probably clear away for a short
time on the South od Middle Atlantie coast, followed
on Saturday egain by falling barometer, south-west
winds, aud cloudy weather, The storm center in Min
nesota move east and south-castward, with brizk south
weat winds on the kikes, and its influence ¢xteund to the
Middle aud Eastern States by Baturday night. Bouth
uy winds, with rising temperature and cloudy weather,
Wl probably extend over the Gulf States.
Warning Signals Ordered.
wh Hansry sigunls continue at Chileago, Grand Haven,
aukee, and are roit, Toledo, Cleve
a ire, BI ordered for Detroit,
‘s strike back. In a little while he got im
Goor, and deltvered a telling blow at Dawes, in bis ca
ARREST ON SUSPICION OF FORGERY.
LOUISVILLE, Dec. 15,—George McDonald,
alla J. W. Bweet, alius Rum Brown, was arrested here,
to-day, on euspicion of committing forgery. Ja us
trunk wero found a Jurge qu ity of letter-heads an
envelopes of the Thard Grrr) Bauk of New.
York" various kinds of inks, pene. do p 2
large check-Look of the Rute Nattoual ank
of New-Orleans ulsn, Jetters from the Na
bemal Bauk of ihe Lepublie of New-York to Bam
brown of Buffalo, re gard to deposits, &c. MoDonald
Lad two companions here, giving the names of C. Hunt
ana T, Walker, who Unig ponroq last sunday, and are
now Sapa be fu New-York, Hunt's r namo Vo
hi hosed to be Dridgewell, und Walker is supposed to 3
Wr ron. Tuey ul] cme frow tho Bouth, where they ba
been operating recently.
pacity of Republican leadcr, by saying that it did not be
JOuS Wan whose party friends in the Benate were try
ng rover up corruption and prevent investigation to
Nigres th Democrats with responsibility for the Tam.
a rtalitien, When the Republicans produced
come do as much toward exposing official
Sher aries O Conor and Samuel J. Tilden have, it
stale WIRE of Randall sald, to charge the Dem
Randa!) retreated Nobody replied to this, and
Uns got 1he better of 3) "eat with the alr of 4 man who
waa the only event of antagonist, This little skirmish
The Chicago bill wus terest in the day's proceedings,
uegutive, Paseq 39 Democrats voting in the
r. Poland induced
the private calendar, he
ure—a bill to pay W, P,
sxpensce of contestin
5 Papcat twelve years ago, which
was passed. The two ago
Aftairs Committee, making pro rum the Foreign
ns for ex
use Av 0 1a i on
ed but a single meas
Preston of Maryland $1,435 for
VHAHA, Neb, Dee. 15.—More difficulties
from know are reporteq along the lne of the Unjon Pa
cifle Rallroad, The train for the West, due at Oden Jou
arising under the Washington
and pussed, The combined k Ain next taken up
J that was 10 be made upon uals and Re
Ad i tration, as cted by so reaty aud the
Gea tior was not In the House, aud'pet not come off,
due "loon, there this
bo 4 ‘My o train
Trouble fro, Ailiting snow 18 glso reported this evening
Ol the suwinit between Clhevenne kod (poe Sevy
g rat 0ffcred to speak. After three po nsle Dom
bi y Gen. Banks, the bills were Piansed ga 1 eXplisiii
cossary fornia could be gous throner” PAL #4 the
House adjourned at 3 o'clock. Ugh with. The
Information received here from
olum
is
SALT LAKE City, Dee. 15.—The examination
of the persone charged with the murder of Dr. Robinson
Was resutned this morning, but nothing of importance
was elieite "e
Toa oselon mad avplcefios uf ig
Journed uty Monday mest. Bligam Youu was re
ported to-day ut gy, George.
eflect that the year’s Interest due oy tLe os gs to tho
on the debt of Bouth Carolina will not be Po a pe
to be cutirely trustworthy. The old bonds will ed
cluded with the new fn this tewporary re be 1n
Nhich Is occasioned by lack of money and Hudiaien,
rrr nore woney ou the credit of the abl ity to
the “Aatorial Commities to Invest ivute the po a Tho
Piriad pester ut toons non ch Hh naps ro
nde to the umount of phy day an llegul tous of
A Gers politician snd
Akerman says tint it wis the
very newsjonters in Byraenae woe indicted
by th Grand iin ecteriay, and sound (0 851 €ar be re lie 4 on
on Moody, fy Caposing (07 82) ciel no liug GUBCCLE JiCiukal etal, 8
fun tedhel 2 Cl: dh: 3 sunt ears’ 2omeeatz® Rua’ ab
false friend of Mr,
ors ofthe Pucitic Rajly
Fllig hal wisludgen tue Lie Ativs Le J Wn
Gehciul Livi tue

RIS FUTURE TFOLICY FORIIIJADOW!D,
PERSONAL.
WEATHER REPORT.
ENOW.STORM IN TIF WIEST
THE MORMON TRIALS.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 187).—TRIPLE SHEET.

WAR DFPARTMENT,
RE a
ES THI ard “ar dvd ddr

COL. A. K. McCLURE ON THE PRESIDENCY
IN PROSPECT.
PHITADELPIIA, Dee, 14, 1871.
Col. P. R. FRRAS, Edilor Germantown Telegraph.
Mr Dear Sir: I was absent from homeo for
some days and missed your paper of the 6th inst, Since
my return my attention has boen called to your leading
cditorial of that date, in whieh you discuss wy position
as a possible candidate for State Senator in the 1Vih Dis
triot, ad state that you and the people of the district
would “be Rlad to hear” from me on the subject of Proei
dent Grant's renomination. My assumed preference for
another than Grant as the noxt Republican standard
bearer is treated as a difficulty in the way of my clection
to {Le Benate,
For the kind and quite too flattering notice you take of
my humble public services in the past, I thank yon, and
permit me to cay in Wl candor that I have nok proposed
mnyeelf as a candidate for the vacant Bunatorship, and
will not do eo. The strongest personal considerations
make acy political position undesirable to me. If im
posed upoi me as a public duty, I should accept. it upon
the principle that no citizen oan juatly refuee public
service when fairly required of him; but as ench duties
gre not common in these days of machine polities, I fee!
that Iam not likely to be iaterrupted in my wish for
continued retirement.
I cannot controvert your statement that the peoplo of
the district are overwhelmingly in favor of the renom
iwation of Grant,” for Tam not advised on tho subject.
Ton far, I belleve, they have not given any formal, or
Informal expression of their ehoice, Tf 1 were eal'nd
upon to represent their wishes as to tha 'residaney in a
nominating convention, I should fatthinlly rellect thelr
reference or return the trast to them but, a8 an himw
le individual, Jreler adherence to my own convic
tions of political duties to the approval o even so in
taligent and patriotic a constituency aa the peopie of
the 1Vth District. If not to prefer Grant as the next
licpubliean nominea would make me a em rather vidie
vlons" us a Senatorisl candidate, orfnierpose diffieul
ties in the way,” I am not eligible
What the Presidential preference of a eltizon has to do
with the cicetion of a Stowe Senator any more than the
preferainces of the people fi the sclecion of Deir prone
ere or wives have to do with the same subject, Tdo not
comprehend; at I oassuiio 1013 80 Hoenn: vonsay it is
Fie ACCIPHIOE YOUT Premises us corioct, coulda cfrongor
reason be wivey for tho tatlexibio lia tation of the Pres
aentinl tenure wa sively teal A siote degslator is
Presaued to be selected to wischar zo certuin specitle
dadliies,
Too amidtion of national evid lates, er the deiribn.
fon of the patvona ac andylunder of 102 Notional Gove
eruinent, do not cote within the scope of ius public
yoroersordatica, ies the estodian of {Loi terests of
Bis disiriet ond of the seate, to ee chocied Ly lecisdarion,
He hoz no voce, no power bevond any olor citizen of
eqaal character, ia controling Presidentin gg omioations,
and those who would eres sich new 8nd v's 0 chin
LLity, overloohing ad] the leit do ana vital prrposes
of legisiation, must oat in aeclvrenee to the aibiiran
exoclions of power, and not ie delorence to enuglh.encd
pihhie Opinio
The Repubiean party is the paste of iiherdd and patii
OL progres, Darn its Ai Jvaon=ti lod tahnus 1o
deelde non ats candidates and ite polite, and thus de
Ine ibe diy of nie Until the supa nai! ariiy of the
orcatization ba dnvelied to reeonete is conflicting views
nud preferences, the wim free doin of conviehon and
eA RESON Ba to Lot ten and measares has herotolors
CLM cd Lond co eded as tue prerosative of the
hostel as ilar of the gremiest of ils @uveeates,
1 FLAT po re he so now Is one of the pest p00
eat and da ama el the poe Gneerots to Le

Lona tloan bari, sad, thareiore, dangeroil: io the cod,
v,
erties, bet oa palpable WERK iv, oF peociiles 1
pow Fmd purpose to defy ihe populer jrocieen?, an H
yeent, mea du onde positione, 1m the Yo ehaet fo tho
Joa cat, are Dat Lae or fvanty BOL Tue na fold, ol 110
proj.
I donot prefer Gen, Grant's revoiateatieu, Tt 3s cone.
teased thot the Lopabhican: have may en wi wedi
Catacre comp tert, wand, at aeust, equa ltvaad’a wl in tue
jist efit ofidoe of the Goveraaont; and To Lelieve thot
ey wend pone better padntoon too andiy aud jaite
oi the organization, Eotleving 10, Jean 10omy riuht
ant dig 10s 0. Woaen the goeentoa anthority of tha
IL iy declare me to be austalken, 1 cen cheerfuly doar
to it,
‘The Repnuhlican party has been in power in {he Nation,
Ktate, and city for many years, Wo lad a Laithiesg, acc
dental President for a time, and our city has hada Dermo
cratic Bacounve: hut the practical power of overoiens
Las been unintoaraptedly Repnblean. ID Repailiow
cotickam of Be pubic ain stration is an off en why
is the cry for reform not silenced? It comes from our
owl long-oroesring peopic, ninl nol from thé rey, and
ft arraigns Lepublican, not Democintie, marie, [1
comes np to Congress, tron every section of Loe counties,
for elie: from oppressive taxes, Soon wasieiul capadi
tores, frown vecalntions and defaleations, and from
corms of arromant and tscieca ofpclaly, wWiosa caief
cinployment seems to be to justrace the party whom iu
it areeyt Tor places of trast and pront, from President
down to Alderman, It comes ap to our Legislature iro
a'l partics iu the State, sud Joniands inndamenta’ lon ae
tiona us the only evuree of Pe He ralegy, TU cols up
from tho press and people of this eliy, as with ens y oice,
to fave private property and public creait,
These are not the complaints of disappointed ambition,
but the faithivl criticism of sincere men, seeking to pro
tect and preserve their own inheritance, They do not
Propose fajigjeal rovolation, ailthoucsh that must come
wool if they arc unheeded,  Taey ann to ewpioy tue Lo
publican organizaticn a8 the proper instrumentality to
correct the patent and oppressive evils it hos tolerated.
With a system of barter and sale of Federal appoint.
monis that proaiitutes the civil service to the advance
ment of unworthy men, with a s;#tem of State lesisia
tion that is a ranning sorefund a standing reproach, wud
with our erushing city taxes and debt, both rapidiy fu
cioamug without visthle beneflis to the joie, tho men
v lio would maintain Repablican ascondency mmst res
wember that faithful are the wounds of a tier”
We appear (0 be upon the threshold of a systematic re
form in our State govermuont., IL Ww lows bend ft MES
for, but was long defeated by those who wake p Aities a
trade. What traits the people will gather for thor et” ro
the next Legislature must decide, Tam bopofal foal:
Republican Congress will not too lone delav obediencn
to the imperative demaud for Civil Service React, out
for the compicte exercise of the supreme civil autho y
of the Government. I need not cay bat refore nos
come in Philadelphia—not the shadow or a mockery, bat
the substanes that will dethrone the epolsmen. bow!
come thronzl the Republican organization, os it sho ud,
vee i= the aiready sovddy-tested forbearnnee of the poop
1 cathe that forbearance must cease to be a viruae.
In these various channels of how wr—the Naito tate,
and city—fearless Republican criticism bas given Bape
wean organization the opportunny to vindicate its fam
ard aticst the integrity and patisotism of its poop'a, Jt
stands iu story usa party of Louest conviciions and
sublime achievemen®s; but the tine fs at hund v hen
Jjudicivus und positive reform must become its accepud
and nvowed policy, or it mart dun the luster of 1s no
blest deeds by relt-invited destruction.
I bave traukly complied with your reqnest to hear
from me. It what I Lave sald plsces me beyond the
range of a Senatorial election, I can have no personal
regrets: for it wiil deny me w hat 1 do not want, aud I
hove nerfortned my duty as I understand it,

Yery yours,
SECRET OF THE LATE POLITICAL ©SUC
CESSES AS SEEN FROM ABROAD.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
PRE
Sir: On my arrival here I sought for a late
American paper, and at No. 11 “Unter der Linden” I
found Tug TrIBUNE (Scmi-Weckly), dated New-York,
Nov. 10. Your paper gives me tho result of the political
revolution which has, in the Autumn elections, swept
over the States of New-York and New-Jersey, in both
cases reversing the political party successes of the re
spective preceding elections in each State. Ihave read
with great interest your editorial comments, and, with
undisguised admiration for your fairness, I notice your
allusion to the labor of love in the interest of political
rcforw, which was voluntarily, energetically, and effect
nally given by the Democracy of New-York. You prop
erly speak of this political victory as the result of “the
people's verdict” in favor of honesty and of frugality
in the administration of publi office.
The eradication of Democratic thieves alone would
scarcely suffice to satisfy an aroused and long outraged
eommunity the people of New-York have pronounced
against all thicves.” If one of your cotewmporaries has
been earnest in its exposure of muulcipal frauds—irom
the possession of a monopoly of the information upon
which the exposure was based—THE TRIBUNE has been
no less earnest in denouncing the great frauds porpe
trated against the commerco of New-York by those who
were charged with the execution of the Federal law. It
1s to be hoped that before the volee of the people shall
be tilled that all official robbery shall cease, and that
even the Federal revenue shall be collected at your port
under ¢ireulnstances forbidding even a suspicion of cor
ruption.
It 1s not surprizing that Joel Parker was elected Gov
ernor of New-Jersey. Again, it was the volce of the peo
ple; if those who voted the Republican ticket two years
ago in New-Jersey had pot changed their votes, Parker
could not have been elacted. His former adminietration
of tho offiee of Governor reflected erodit upon lim; he
was honest and industrious, he protected the financial
credit of his State during three yoars of the war, and
faithfully, as its Chief Magistrate, performed every obll
gation 0 the, Federal Government. The people were
satisfied and fo people reéloctod him. The people of
Now-York wers dissatisfied, and the people of New-York
repudiated the party in power. Good men of all parties
say Amen! to such political reeults. The Elitor of the
Republican TRIBUNE agroes with the velco of the people,
and from bere, away off in Doutsohland, comes the echo
to this revolution in favor of political purity, from
New-Jersey Democrat, Yours, CHAS. R. CORNWELL,
Motel Du Nord, Berlin, Nov. 25, 1871,
a lf
DRIFT OF POLITICAL DISCUSSION.
CL ce es AT LATTRITATII AMIN
Lud TT na a i. a
wt 4 From 1% Hartford Cowrant
We notice that Messrs. Morton, Edmunds
and Conkiing, the opponeuts of Mr, Tramhbull’s bill for
the constituting of 8 perfectly proper cominittes of in
vestigation Into iy Civil “ervice shises, are onllud *Ad
mind teutivh ol fey mihi. tles basil A
Hilig wth enemies, Xl gure 3)
i of any opioncarh th ht the Alilhe
istration Ao ptieh as thess fujudicions Yffeuds
Con dotuy. The Adwsdulstration wens Ue wyld

POLITICAL.
Sryloe purified; it wants defaleations to oease
It has Aotbing to conceal, and it has an ugly look
for theses Senators to ep forward and by oppoalng in
vestigation, nasurme thaf it bas, We believe that while
the Administration has nothing to conceal, and is firmly
determined to have honesty prevail in all Ma depart
ments, there nro. abuses and exerescences in the Civil
Service which cat be removed, and which will be re
moved upon a proper presentation of facts, And whether
there are uny abuses or not, whether an investization
would hiring ont dishonest Jractioss or not, the refusal of
tho so-called Adiwoinistration Senators” to let an inves
tigation be made, will create wide and decn suspicion
throughout the country. Those who move this investi
gation aro better friends of the Administration than
those who oppose it.
A NON-PARTISAN OPINION,
From The I'MiadelpMa Ledger,
In the Senate a party error was committed
by leading Bepubtican Senators. Mr. Trumball proposed
a Committee to examine into the official conduct of all
the Government officers, as to thelr itegrity, fitness,
&ec., and as to whether there are any offices which should
be abolisLed, Some of the most promise Republican
Senators (in a party sense) scomed to suspect a sinister
wotive behind this resolution, and they called a cauons
upon it, and sub<equent'y, from want of sagacious lead
ers ip, put themseives in the ugly position of opposing a
wholesome fuvestigation, No matter what
the motive, the resolution should have
been adopted. Every good public officer courts
vestigation, and every had one needs {it and ought to
have it. The counter proposition ndopted by the caucus
only provided for the investigation of delinquency al
cearldy known or suspected, This is not enough, Reoent
events have developed grave delinquency in quartors
where it waa not even remotely suspected. It came (0
light partly by accident, There may be more of {it that
can only be brought to light (before it 18 too late) by in
vesiization, nod hence the pecessity for setting gen
eral inquiry on foot. The Republican Senators who op
posed the resolution should have placed themselves in
the fore front of its advocates, Their blunder has given
their opponents good ground for the challenge that there
{8 something which tuey prefer to cover up.
Be i
POLITICAL, NOTES.
The Democrats of Coos County, NewHamp
shire, Lave nominated James J. Barrott for State Senu
tor,
The Pitehburg delegation to the Convention
which os to noniirate a successor to the Hon, William B.
Wie ibn, Governor elact of Masiachusetts, 1s unanl
Wor aor the Hoa, Alvan Crocker,
The German Republican Central Committee,
Sigismund Koutmann presiting, wound up its affairs for
the year last evening, and provided for the organization
Ou iv new centeal Commie for 15,2,
Mayor Joseph Brown of St, Lonis asks for the
appoiutuend, by the City Counetl, of a special committee
th rove wed Improve the charter of that clty, their
work to be sahaniitod to tha tate Legislature, wich is
Low in sesson,
“ue Boston Evening Transeript remarks that
“ihe national Alminisication needs, at this time, de
fondiors us “wise as sapenis,’ and not such political
Lanter ne Chaad'er, Conkling and olier super
sraviceable 10003.” Which notody can deny,
Commenting on recont proecedings in the
Urn ted Sites Nonate, The artford Evening Pos! notices
Cott Ue Precpientts next ions fn the Sonate, Messrs,
Cordis 0 Torte, ard 3 tromuia are making more head
boa ces pea tua on baa ell tie opposition to
1 TUR IPTC TR TE SFSICPRTITLLLY J
Couc-crarte; of the membeis-clect of the
next MM AON tEetLs Sonne arr gre atiates of colic ges, and
bof thiesn ten got dion on, six are Harvoad Alumni, Of the
Peiver, threes aepters, Messrs, 300, Boardman, and
obras, are of the sane clisss, that of 1259, Willions
Colles ag ten epreseatidnegs, 1.0 Coliege one, and
violet esecve College one,
(Zhe dudiasapolis Jornal furuiches the fol
boos ag list of moanes of outlier no who Pave been prom
vie vy cacationed joo eonnec an withy the Republican
Notoeton for Goveraor of Indiana: Col. R, W. Thomp
won of Vige, Gan, Nathan Kimball of Marion, Col. Cyrus
MLA T en ob Knox, Gen Ben, speoner of Deathorn, Gen,
Bu itu woe Marion, Goede James C0 Veatch of
Posperoer, Gen, thomas NM, Yrow ce ofl Basdoipi, the Hon,
bolo mere! Tippee noe, Coll Jolin HM. Farquhar
of iru dio, Judy Starfield of 8: Joseph,
The Nich Assembly District Republican Asso
elation eleciod lust Tacsda) evening the following otoers
und delegates to the Central Conmittec:
i osidewt. Thomas C. Acton; Viee-Prestleats, Charles Pinckney
ard Joes M, Cioss; Secretary, Kuox Mo Ate; Treasurer. Theo. Hoos
volts buenestors of Election, A= unr C. Beardage acd William 8, Gr.
Yolk deter Joba MeNaits: Delegates, John J. Townsend,
J date, BEODelateld Sith, Jan “chovnbof, Jawaes McAfee,
Clave Ad beabody, George Blisy, jr. Samael CG, Acton, C.D, Van
W.zearn, Alanson 5, Jones. Robert Utley. aud John Crawford.
The German Union Democratic General
Coates adentcd Jast of it a repoct presented by
M.oonus Gross denonoeing the German Reform move
yoo, saci, che infalubiliny of tee Democracy, and
coneliipz with a reasdntion providing for n reorcaniza
tion et tue German Deiocracy, Th: German Reform
Democrats, members of the orsanization, beaded hy Os
wal! Otte ndog er, declared their withdrawal from the
Committee on the ground of its failure previous to the
tection to be falthful to its pledge to aid tho cause of
reform,
The Springfield Republican's Washington cor
respon lent says THE TRIBUNE distances nil other jour
nolaby the camber of 118 staff and the lavish expendi
toro of its oflice, but that, alibough itis served by first.
class men, they blundered shockingly in tae course of a
Washin«ton digpateh when they aunounced the resigna
tion of Fish and Akermnun and the intention of the Presi
deni to appoiat Picrropont and Wiaiama, Probably The
Lepu!lican's correspondent, ah bonis believing that it ia
serve Ly o first-class man in Washineton, 1s now willing
to aunt thet ke boy mede oo blender, and even more
rea ty toon lorciotore to accept without (uestion whai
ever he Lado in 1s FRIBUNE,
TORFRMOMETER YESTERDAY.
TAFRMOMETER YESTERDAT.
9 m Noon. Jv. m. Midnight,
247 23 PAR 23
1IGH TIDE TO-DAY.
Cones [alunA, Battery, Hell Gace, Phsling, I L
ow on, Am, p.m. [NE a TR am pm
Hie i: ress. UE FRE F) 2:04 IA
TOAVINVALT ATITALS
Fifth Arvevue [otl—Cov. Marshall Jewell of
Coton ticitt, ox Gov, Smyth of New-{dampshire, Nathan
fel Hooper of Boston, and T. 1. Convngham of Wilkes
bts, Pein, Westin ter Hotel=The Hon, E. R.
Hoar, ex-Attorney-General, ind the Ton. W. ‘I. _Horro
bin 6f Secment, Metropolitan Hotel=The Hon. J.
M. Gii'lires of New-Mexico, and Judge G. A. Hardin of
atthe ls, N.Y. Albemarle Hotel—Judge J. J,
Monell of Fishkill, N.Y, Sturtevant House—Gen,
1. R. Lunareanx of Landon, I'not. Dangerfield of the
Briti-h Navy, and Col. F. W. C. Moere of ashinton.
oe At Nicholas Hotel—H. B. Haibert of Cleveland.
VI'W.YORK CITY.
Controller Green appoivted yesterday Mor
ris 8. Miller attoruey for the collection of arrears of per
son:] taxes and counse! to the Rceciver of Taxes in this
city, vice A. J. Smith, removed. Tue Controller also
placed $25,000 to the credit of the Department of Parks,
M. Jullien, who conducted the orchestra hired
by the Reception Committee during the recent visit of
the Grand Duke Alex!s, 1s charged with failing to pay
the musicians emploved by him, and with fraudulently
desizming to sall for Europe to-doy with the $3,000 paid
him by the Committee,
The Times editorially charged Mayor Hall,
yesterday, with having had on deposit at the Tenth Na
tional Bank at one time within the past year $250,000
and npward, On the authority of those who have in
vestigated his connection wiih that bank it 1s stated that
Le never had more than $20,000 1:1 it ut one time, unless
it was deposited under 2: as. dwed name,
Mr. Spear of No. 243 Kast Thirty-first-st.
called at THE TRIBUNE office, yesterday, and complained
bitterly of the exiortions of Bleriff Brennan and his
deputies, He stated that he was arrested two months
ago, late in the evepk on a false charge preferred by a
phiyster lawyer, His fii nds were ready with bail, but
the Deputy Sheriff refused to take it on the ground that
he wns toe busy to attend to it that night. Mr. Spear
was then imprisoned in a vile cell in Ludlow-st. Jalil, and
was not liberated uutil the following morning, when he
was compelled to pay $50 fees for his bail bond, and his
request for a receipt was absolutely denied.
BROOKLYN.
Twenty cascs of small-pox were reported to
the Health Board yesterday.
The “Jubilee Singers,” a choir of colored
students from Fisk University, Nashville, gave a unique
and interesting musical entertainmeut at tho close of tho
Friday evening weeting last night at Boecher’s Church,
Registrar of Arrears, Sidney VY. Lowell, in
answer to an inquiry of the Committee of Fifty, states
that ne has issued certificates of iudebtedness amounting
to $1,160,000 that he has not wade pny purchases at tax
anles: that the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund and
Lhnself hive estimated tho deficiency in the collection
of 1nxes nt $14,000; that lus salary 1s $3,600, and that he
Liss Jub Clerk ut salury of $3,000.
LONG ISLAND.
Jasaica.--The State assessment for Queens
Courty being $625,499 more than the Couuty assessment,
the Board of Bupervisors has equalized the nsscssment
by dividing it among the towns, as follows: Oyster Bay,
10,000; North Hempstead, 060,000; Newtown, $65,000
Hew petend, $30,000 Fiusbife 860: Long Lslund City!
992,724; Jusualcs, $92,726. proportion of the War
dobt to be paid 1s as follows: Hempstead, $6,831 64; Oys
ter Bay, $6.898 65; North Hampusend, $6,059 34 Plushing,
96,560 34 Jamaica, 85,019 85; SWicwa, War o; Long
iniund Clty, 96,149 8; Tutal, 894% 8. unty War dob
423 00; Total, $119,014 49, o Incroase of real estate
in the County over fast year fs 61,104,008. Decrease of
personal $118,450. 4
HEMPSTEAD .~gRoprasentatives of the Brookiyn Water
Boar pala seversl farmers yeaterday for land to be
{aken for the new reservoir, “Many refused to recelve
tho awards on the ground that they were inadequate,
BRIDORMANPTON.~The Methodist Church, just com
ploted, was dedicated ou Thursday, The exercises were
conducted by the Rov. J. 8. Willls, the Rev. L, 8. ‘Ward
of New-York, sud tho Rov. Charles Fletcher of Brooklyn.
HUDSON RIVER COUNTIES.
Rye.~0n. an application by the Board. ef
Supervisors of Wesl Lester County, Justice Tappen Is
aide on Tuursday, 6 writ of wandawus, equiriog the
HoME NEWS

Assessors of this town to certify on oath to the correct
nees of the sasosainent rolls Yrevared by them, which
thoy have thus far refused to
dian
NEW-JERSEY¥.
Jersgy Ciry.—The Post-Office was robbed
on Thursday night of $1,000 in stamps, $600 in money, and
two checks of $30 and payable to the order of Post
master Greene, It 1s tho hi that the robbery Was com
mitted by an employ$é, a6 the safe had been unlooked.
PATERSON.—A fire broke out at 11 p, m. Thursday in
the office of C. C. Sharpe agent of the White Star Lino
Steamship Co., at No. 42 son-st., and immediately ox
tended to John F. Ricaiors stationery store in the frout
portion of the building, thence to the dwellings Nos. 44
and 48 Ellison-st., votisDlsd by Cornellus and 8. P. Van
Winkie, and thenoe the First Reformed, better
known 8s the “Town Clock Church,” which
was completely destroyed. The total loss 1s
estimated at $10,000; insurance, $80.000....The Oswe
go express, bound west, on the Delaware Lack
swanna, and Western Railway, ran into the engine ofa
coal-train on the main track, killing Jackson Andrews,
firoman wounding Engineer George Burdick, probably
fatally, and wrosking several cars. None of the passen
gers were injured. eo engineer of the coal-train olaima
that ho sent out the custowary sigual, bus Burdick did
not see it.
NEWARK.—The plank-rond bridge over the Hackensack
River has heen damaged by ice, and 1s closed for repairs
Patrick MoCrystad, while cleaning a well, yesterday,
was severely injured by a bucket falling on his head...
The Mayor vetoed, Inst eveuniug, on account of informali
ties, the ordinance for opening North Nioth-st.
UwioN HivLr,—Small-pox has assumed an epidemic
form, and no sani: ry mensures have been adopied to
prevent the spread of the disease,
BE oa 5fbhb™h™rbobd0
A mecting of Eighth-ave. property-owners
will be held at No. ¢4 Plnc-st., at 3 p. m. to-day, to con
sider West Side improvements. 8 2
~The New-England Society will celebrate its
9th anniversary, and tho 251st anniversary of the Land
ing of the Pilgrims, by a dinner at Delmonico’s next Fri
day eveuing, Deo. 22,
Isaac H. Hunter, a colored orator from Vir
 ginia, delivered an address at Cooper Institute last
night in favor of Universal Amnesty.” Horace Greeley
presided and ado some remarks, advocating ‘the sarue
measure,
The Joint Committee of Merchants on Har
bor Abuses met in secret session yesterday, at tho Cham
“ber of Corneree, and appoinied several subcommittees,
each spec.aily charged with the collection of evidence
for the abatement of a particalurabuse. The next meet
ing will be held on Monday at 2 p.m.
~The Union League Club will hold a ladies’
reception next Wednesday evening at the Club-house in
Twenty-sixtl-st, This Club bas usually held but one
reception cach secson, but this Winter a series of four
will be given, Abe receptions of the Union League Club
have always been among tho pleascatest of our social
festivitios, and it 8 intended that those to be given this
season sual Lully equal if Lot surpass any previously held.
A number of prominent citizens met at the
Cooper Union, yesterday, Prof, Lieber presiding, to con
Jide: the propriety of establishing an Awerican Collego
Cin Peking, 1. wos resolved that a committee of 25 confer
with Congressmen, and that if ting committee showid
conclude toat it was best that the surplus of ihe Chinese
Tndemiiiy Fad stionld bi dovoted to the College pro
posed by Minster Burlingame, thicn the persous com
poring the meeting would bo pleased to uid thew in pro
Cenroag such appropriation, as it would be like'v to
CTurther the caiiie ol peace and to improve the commer:
clad relations of the two conntries, Judge Duly, the Lav,
Ireswius Prone ed dlr. surbngame wade speeches mn
raver of the Colt plogecets

James A. West's furnishine store in Drooklyn, was
10. ed of $2,000 worth of goous yesturiar,
James Pigzpatrick, age 14, of No, 452 West Fortieth
at, was hickel ie We forcaesd by 8 boise yestorduy aud seriously ia
Jured.
Archibald Crossen, age 4, residing at No, 190 Water
st. Brvokiyn, while ciowing B idge-s’, yesterday boos, way run over
and sant 7 kitled by a wegon driven by Daniel Haviland, On Thuis:
day eve ung be ran over au old lady tu Folton-st.
R. Rossmasean, a Santa Fé trader, age 45, who
came to Lis city with a friend, to porchase goody, nearly a mouty go,
and who shot limeelf in the head in a Thirl-nve, saloon, cied, vestesiar,
ia Betlevoe Hospital. It is believed tuat be was sufering from deliriua
tremens when be shot Limself,
LATEST EUROPEAN MARKETS.
Loxpox, Dee. 15—Kvening.—Spirits Tarjentine, 499 ewt,
Lis. oon, Dew 1i--Evening—Common Rosin, 13 @13/6 ew?
Fue Los, Lacon, 37,6 4% ewt. fur hort Rib Middles.
Fla avi on 15.=The sto of oul Sigars is mph diminishing.
The +r mar.et is quiet. Exchango=Ou United Siates, 60 Jays, 1
cure. co, per cent praniam; London, 223&d3 per coud pro
miwn; Pris, 54 @1 per cent premi im.
Mryrma, Ded, JO,~F 00r uit Abd nopunal Ora 18 TRIE Ges as
bat at lower rates; 65. Oats qu et and unchanged. Bulk Meats in fair
denond; auvanced shoullers, ¢jw6c.; Bides, pi@lc. Pork nomioal
Bacon nominal. Lard nominal.

MiLwacgar, Dee 15—<Flour quiet and unchanged. Wheat steady:
No. I 3 224; No.2 $1191. Osta steady; No, 2, Joke. Corn stealy;
No. 2 Mixed, 4lc. Rye stemir; No. 1, Gde. Barley Juil and lower; No.
2 Ful 6% Live Hogs im fair denend; advapced; $3285 05, Pork—
Demand light: holuers fru; ®:32#1325 Land—RK.ttle Ren cre,
9}e.; Steam do., fc. Reeripte—3,000 bbls. ¥lour and 37.40 bash. Wheat.
Si isments—6,000 Lbls. Flour.
Tougpn, Dee. 15. —Flosr dull and rnchanged. Wheat dull and a
shade Juyery No. 2 White Wabash, $147); No. 1 White Michigan, $147,
Amber Michigan. $1 43) No. Red, $1 4i}: No.2 Red $1 364. Cora doll
and a shade lower High Mixed, 49§c. Low Mixed, dsc. Yellow, 50¢c. Oats
dull and puchasged; No. 1. 4ic Michigan, 4¢ ive Hog steady;
$5 052 $5 10, ipts—15.000 bush. Corn, 3,000 bush. Oats. Ship.
ments—2,000 bash, Corc and 2,000 bush. Oats.
Careato, Dee, 15. —Flonr quiet and cochanged, Wheat doll and
drooping: No. Le. $1 20; No 2 do.. $l 19%: No. 3. #1 10; Re
fected, 1 042% 4%. No. 2 do., sciler last half of monb, $1 19%;
seller Jannary, @1 204; seller Fedruary, $1 224; seller March, $1 254,
Corn in fair comand, out at lower rate: No. 2 Mixed, d0jc.; Rejected,
3@39%ec. seller January. 4 fe; seller Febfnary, 4c; seller Arn,
Gia dsge. selicr May, 47) @47gc. Oa 8 steady; Now 2, 31fc. on options;
buvers sod seliers ajurt. Rie quel and weak; No. 2, 624 atte.
Barley dull acd a shade lower; No. 2 Spring, 6ijc. Pork steady; $13 20
wHls 25; wler January, $1) 20@313 W;  eclier Feb
ruary, $13 65 ®18 80; seller March, 812 0D $4;
seller April, $14 #51520, Lard quiet and unchsuged;
sales at Bic. eller January, Ge. seller February, Sic; selier March,
9s. Sugar-cured Hams quiet and unchanged. Green Meats frm;
Shoulders, 4c Suort Kil Middles, 542. dhort Clear Middles, Se. Bulk
Meats frm at previous jrees Lire Hop nctive; $4 10084 40.
Drnsed Hogs stead and firm: $4 00284 95, Wisky quiet and weak;
ve. Be eipts—=6,00 bls. Flour, 20,000 bush. Wheat, 144,000 bush.
Corn, 3.008 bush. Oats, 1.070 bash, Rye. 22,000 bush. Barley, and 26 000
Hogs. Shipments—3,000 bbls. Floar. 1,04 buh. Wheat, 21,000 bush.
Corn, 7,000 bush. Oats, 1,000 busi. Rye, 11,0 bash. Barley, and 2,000
Hog«,
New. OrLEAvS, Dee, 15.—Floor scarce and firmer; Superfine, $7;
Dowsle Extra, $7 50; Treble Extra, 76242975 Corn market bare;
a lot of 6.8 sacks sold at $125, an advance of 40e. y Lushel over pre
vious rece pte. Outs scarce nod higher; sales at 60G6lc. Bran scarce:
sales from store $1 70@$2 Hay quiet; Prime, $35; Choice, $37,
Pork L:mer at $1512). Bacon advanced; Shoulders and Clear Rib, ie.
Clear Sides, 84¢.; Sugar-cured Hama, 15@15}c. Land—Tierve, 942 10c.
Keg. lupe. Sugar in fair den and; Inferior, C\@63c. Common to Good
Coomon, 1753¢.: Pair to Pally Pair, 8@3}e. Priwe, Nie. Molasses
uiet; Ii srior, X0@30c; Common, N@35¢. Fair, 36 Prime. 410
Be. Bioeidy Prime to Choice. 4@i8e. Coffee, jaime Waisky,
Dean 05, Exchange—Sterting, 118}; New-York sight, discount.
Gold, 9
WiLxinaron, N..C,, Dee. YeSeliisTurseatioe @rmer at 62¢. Rosin
frmat $4 2) for strauned.  Crode Wuentine steady at $3 50 for Hard,
&5 25 for Yellow Dip, and $8 35 for Virgin. Tar steady at YP
|For other Ship News sce Fifth Page.
ARRIVED,
Steamship Charleston, Berry, Charleston Dec. 13, with mdse.[and pass.
to Henry RB. Morgan Co.
Burs Bachelors (of Yarmouth, N. 8.), Tooker, Ardrossan 56 days, with
ron,
Lg Wd Jupiter (N. G.) Lietke, Rotterdam 58 days, with mdse,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Boston. Dee. 15. —Arrived, steamships Leopard, Centipede, and Aries,
from Fhiiadeipbla} Glaucus, from New-York; bark BE. H. Yarrington,
from Smyrua.
That the Knabe Piano Is the best instrument made {s proven by
the fact that, whatever amists and professionals sav of other instruments,
they bur for their own use she Kxaum. Ite Jurability, powerful room,
richness of tone, and elasticity, are qualities which recommend it to
every one who tries it. [a society. it is not considered the lon to be with
out 8 KxARE. It may be seen at thie warerooms of Messrs, J. Bavan
Co., No. 650 Broadway, New-York.
MA aisLRav
oftan made is that our rooms are so crowded that patients have to walt
a long time before we can extract their teeth. They seidom have to wait
more tLan Live or ten minutes,
CoLToN Danrar Associatioy, 19 Cooper Union
A Blessing to Mothers,—~Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing
Syrup, for ail diseases with which children are afflicted, 8 safe and
certain remedy.
Angell’s Tnrkish Baths, Lexingtou-ave., cor, 25th-et. Gentlomea
every day and all night. ladies day asd evenisg. Burope outdone.
Durno’s Sanff, a medicine compoand for diseases of the head an:
throat. No tobacco.
Parson's Purgntive Pilis—Best family physie Sberilan’s
Cavalry CoupitioN Powpsns, for hursea,
These are the Medic that will core Pulino
Dr. SCHENCK bas in constant practice over thirty years contime
ually ug 3 bis medicives, If propesly taken,
cure Consumption, His MANDRAKE PILLS clesnse the liver
stomach bls SEAWEED TONIC dissolves the food, stiuiulates the coat
Wedding and Yialting Cards, Iaitial Stamping Note Paver.
Wa, Kvansaiy's Sowa 104 FuLron-er., orr. Os Drea Cuvaen.
ing of the stomach, aud makes it digest. His PULMONIC 8YRUPY ripens
the mastic, snd natare throws it off without! any exvrtion.
MARRIED.
SMITH-LUDLAM=-At the residence of tbe bride’s father, Brooklyn, L.
1., on Thursday, Dec. 14, by Rev, Ben) W. Dxight, D. D., Chas D.
Smith of Oyster Bay to Augusta P., daughter ward Ladlam, esq.
No. 8 Cull place, New-York,
CA Te
ni ook a a.
5, BRVEN DOLLARS,
LADIES’ GENTS, AND BO.
FL)

EMITH—WRIGHT—In this city, on Wedsesday. the 13h inst., Me.
Frank A Smith te Mise itosalie N. Weight. No cards.
STANTON—BELCHER~On Tharsdag, Dee, 171, by the Rev,
Clmrles D. Andrews, Gerald Napier laaton of Chisagh to Elisabeth
Harper, daughter of Dr. Geo. K. Belober of this city.
ALL THB NEW STYLES FRLT on
Complete lo every department, at moderate pri
BROADWAY.
T O—OCKEASHAUS EN—Tharsday, Dee. 14, at the residence of the
ees paisats, by the Rev. Dr. ‘edekind, Cassiner Tag of Mow.
os Park, Weehawken, N. J., to Hannah M., daughter of H.J.
da
o0tal thy reais wt tek x Ran
day) EVENING, Dee. 18, at 8 o/ghak, a Hetdgmiien, Uris Hal,
rshansen, Jersey Clif.
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed with full
irl viath-st. sad Thi AN Regabiiesss of the sre In
vited to be present and if H
Jam P. Wat gor JQUY W. OLIVER. Pregidcat.
Ladies’ Rece X ol J.
the series of LADI J 14
lust, Members whe w "RAVE
wame and address. E
BERRIEN—Ona Priday morning, of consumption, George Berzias, pon of
Dasiel Berries, Is the 26th Foy of his age.
be given at the Club-Howse DAY a nn
notice aro requested La 1
Drunkenness 8 Si
ave, bas a permanent RK
The relatives and ends of funli av invited to attend fareral
from tbe resideace of his pareats, Bast andes Ky 1h
laeh, 08pm
cured. C of ow
QORY—~On Pridy. Dee. 15, Mary, wife of Chas Cory.
otiee of funeral ereaf.er.
OROSBY—At Danbury, Conn., December 14, Annis B., dsaghte
Bi iss nau goo 3 of bor parents tr a
Porter dq
making Wpos oh
Our custom werk wora rnd recommended by 100 of Rr
services a a resulenca I
ab J} o'clock, Friends of 100 family are lavited to prvvyd i)
DR ANGELIS—In Brooklyn, ew Thursday, the 4 Mutha
of W ate Dr. De AA toe B34 irk fa ut 1% a
Relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend her
Imes, fiom Ler late residence, 210 dull ot, at v'clodh on anday
tae 11h Lue
2
LECTURES. MEETINGS. ETC.
POLICE NOTES
11E SIATE OF TRADE.
r————
MAVANA MARKETS.
DOMESTIC MARKETS
LATEST SHIP NEWS.
(For other Ship News see Fifth Page.)
DIED.
FORRRSTER—On Thursday, Dec. 14, James Forrester, jr., M.D. In
fhe 20th year Sf bia age.
The relatives and of the family, alse the members of Wasbiaglea
Lodge Ne. 31 7. asd A. M., Ascient Chapter Na IR. A. M.,
a Cy a No. 1 K. T., are Invited to attend the lots
services ou afternoon, Dee. 17, a4 2) o'clock, from the
of Lis Luther, Jas. C. Forresice, M. D., No. 303 Blesckerot.
o
HAOTCHKIAS—In Now-Haven, Dec. 15, Henry Hotchkiss, in the Tish
year of kis age.
Funeral ca Monday, Dee. 18,8 o'clock p. m., from bis residemon.
MITCHELL—-On Friday, Dee. 13, James Mitchell, aged 75 years, 13
Friends of the family, also Bt John's Lodge» of Good Samarie
Daughters of same, invited to attend the Tasers on Seaday, Yi
oe 3 yell, at his late residence, 184 Clintoa-st., corner Division-st
AS Breokl Wednesday. December 15, Henrle:
widow of the late Willem C! Rushmore, in the 49th year of ber Te
The funeral will take place ea Monday, December 18, at 3 o'clock p. m.,
from ber late residence, No. 81 88. Jawes-place, Brooklyn.
TOMPKINS—Thursday morning, Dee. 14, after a painful illness of
months, Mise Fanny Tompkins, Prucipal of Grammar Departed
Public School for Colored Childress No. 2, South Fifth-ave., and for 0
Bn ermioes wil he held at 8% PLY Pytucope! Charon
'aners ces w eld at p's Protestant
in Muibesry-st., pear Bleackeret., on Nabbath, the 17th feat, af I
o'clock m. Her friends and acquaintances are invited to attend wha
ous further notice.
WADSWORTI~In Brook NT, Thaersday, Doctes
Wadsworth, nzed G2. re 37 Dus, ld,
Friends are invited to attend his frmeral from his late residencs, Ne. 300
Preswent-st., on Banuay, at 2 o'cloci.
‘Seven Ww cekn tn the the Life of Josas,
SUNDAY-SCHONL L LESSONS FOX WA
Bad
sik
Aprarged in tie der of tue Freats.
Jun,
vy A
Feb.
Mar,




April
May

[The Fxpo-itions of two Lesions of tila we
Acta 1: 614
by fev. A, J. F.
1—The Eatrr Into Jervnalem..
14-—'erain Gre-ks worll see f os
dl—=Tue Answer Jovy from Heave
28—The Fig Tree Carved. ..o0n v0 oooe
4—The Traders Daven ree irom the Temple.
11=The Cavilers Siienced. ooo. vivasiins
12=Paying Tribute to Cesar “s
25—The Life al'er the Resurrection. coves Laks 30; 335-08
3—The First Two Commandments... cores Mark i2; AM
1-19


10—Darid's 800 80d LOPL 0.0 cuersrerrsenssnses Matt, 2:
17=Doin Jo ho Seen of Mea. veseesesec Dinh 23: 1
24—The Weightier Dutics of Iafe eesensee Matt, 23: 23-28
3H ~The Saviors Rebake 81d Lamentation, nos. Matt 23: 3-39
7—Jesv over azainst the Treasury... ..coroes.. Mark 12; 4-44
1i—Isaiah's Saring Foltlled......o000snnensenseradoin 12: 31-50
2 Nga ots ‘oming Destraction. ...oe.sr. rs. Matt 24: 1.14
riat's Keeond COMBE... rrenireees Mate 24: 23-38
5—The Last Judguwent eda sks nuress vererssssess Matt, 25: 3148
12--The Conspiratoes in Coancil.. 3 1-8
1%=Th~ Anciating ut Betlavy. €-i0
28—Jesun at the Passover Feast, 718
2—The Sif for Distinction. 4-9
9—Jesus Washes his Dic'p! Tor’ Li?
ansrers ath 26:
oooouiaininnnins. Luke
June .ooouns PRS 2 vers buike
Feet... Joha
16—Jesns Foretells his B-traya) 20-70
Peter's Denial Lor toil... FT Bs J
30 "ue Lord's Kupper In- TPN I WLI
T—=Jueus going wo Frep: a ‘er kil
John
.Luke
Mae,
July
14~The Comforter Frowis:d.. veesdobu 14: 15-28
21—=Christ the Tree Vive...... veecdobn 15: 111
20—That ve Love BUOLLAL ses ssssnsnrsrrnrsnsd foun 13: 12-20
~The Work of the Comkorier. ...oovrunsissnines Jam li: T13


Avg.
11—Christ’s atercession for His 0@n..0everes...o.dolin 17: 11-24
15—Going to te Moat of Olives. cesrrsrsssesn. ss Math 26: 30.33
26—The Savior in Getheeinane,...... cress luke 22: 4048
1--Jreens Betrayed acl decd... ssssrsansssnsl Ob 2: §l-ad


Sept.
g~Peter's Dental of Jesns,.... sarsenn Luke 22: 0/463
vo
15-~Jeans Lefore Caiaphas........ vero saeadiait, 28: 5748
72 Remorse and Death of Jades. Pp Mat, 27: $19
2)—Jesas before Pilate... .o0iiiinia a
G--Jesus buforr 1ernd..ooiiiiianinnins 13

22
Oct.
13 -Jogus again before Pils 1«.3
20—J esas Se arged aud Mocset..... Wn
2i=Jearim taken to be Crue Teh sisnninines "ars Luke 23 po
3="The Cracifiy en tens Juke 23: “G4
Like


Nov.
Mut, Zi Ad
Urvis......

10-<jvsas Dies ou ie
Mose 27: 07 El
viens serrarers een
17—1he Barial....
U-—~Securieg the S¢pni
1—1he Kisen Jesus ty
B=Miri's Kecogn won of J ey.
15=Jesus w th bis Disciple. ious
Joss at the Sea of Gallles,......
20--"A'ne Ascerr on into heaven. ...oe.in
Dee, Mats, <3: 13
..iiiiiiin Join 20: 10.12
0 vevenes Like 24: 1042
Juha 21: 14-13
eRielus, PESLUT OF SEE VY BE re Ar ara att aende 2a STE
are published on the Sanday-Sehopl Page of THE EXAMINER AXD
CHRONICLE, 39 Park-row, New-_orh once in 150 weeks, begieing
with the "ns of December, LT). Question Sips are siso published at a

low price,
Christmas Appeal for Poor Chddren,~The bitter acid of
Winter an! the freezing stonns have come a4; on thousands of the eo?
cloldren of this city, nny repurad,  VLey are sieping in boxes, or skal.
ing in doorways, or shivering in c¢'lars without proper cloth oy or eb os,
and Lut haf fd. Many come bare-footed through the sow to oag
Inaustrial Schools. Children have bees krowa io fall falatiog os the
uoor of these schools, theough wunt ol food, Hunireds ester oa Lolz
jug-Houses esery nigut, who bave no uome. Haudreus apply tv vce
olin for a place A the country, who ars r. god, Ralf starve), avd atteciy
nubefricaied. Will our ron ly throughout the city and eouairy, beip us
ho ireibe nnfortupate Lode onGe a Lappy CHRISTMAS
iy, doors will give to three of thse ehilirrn a homie fn the West.
Who will wake a Christnes presdi of a hows Who wilt belp us wo
pat whores on hundreds of bare fect, ty clothe hundreds of half-clul boys
aud girls, and to give ore good ULristwas Linuer or pleasant festival to
these cll iren of poverty)
The CHILDREN'S AID ROPCIETY ia temporarily bereft of mena,
through the frands in the City Gosernmeut. We ank oi ou? friends ia
every part of the country to Lelp us through this acason, whea tue ie
w.BJs UPON us are greatest C. L. DRACR, Secretary,
Cuildreu's Aid Society, 19 kast Fourth-s',, New-1 ork,
(ina of provisions and elothiog way be gent to the Central Office, 9
kw Fourtiosty, Sev-York, or will be called fur, if the aidress be for
waniod,
Donations of maner may he inclase! to either of tho endenwzned. If
they are in checks or Post Office orders, they cat Le made payable Ww the
order ot J, BE. WILLIAMS, T'reasurer,
WAL A. BOOTH. Preadent, 100 Wall-st,
J. E. WILLIAMS, Trensucer,
Metropo'itan. National Bank, 103 Beats,
L. RACE, Secretary, 15 Bast Fourtu-st., New-York,
WORK OF THE YEAR. —There wer during the vast veir ia our fre
Locher. A) ouses, 10,928 differeus ove and girls; 157,729 meals sad 134,73
Imgives were supplied. In the 1V Day and 11 Yvening Tudustrial Bchoale
wore 9,429 childzen, who who were taught, sud partly fed aud clothed
5,336 were set to good Lowes, Dnialy 10 he West. Vota) number sider
charze of the Society during the year, 21.71% There Lave bean 4,958
Wonnnd in the Lodging: Louse, and ),201 orphans were provided with
nee,
I, 5. —It won! ba a great favor to us, if our friends would lay this
ar Ci before any dauday-slool or Chmch with which they way be
oan ote!
Bargains in Fine Gold Jewelry.
AARi gino AA A AWW NAAR FTN RAST
WHOLLSALE PRICES.
FINE GOLD RAR-RINGS AND PINS.
EVRUSCAN, CAMEO, GARNET, &c.
CORAL EAR-RINUS AND PINS.
OAN' AND JET EAR-RINGS AND PINS,
HE AND AND CHAIN BRACELRI'S.
Go DCKETS AND NECKLACKS,
Seta ‘GS, AMETHYST, CAMEO, TOPAZ, ko
SLE, TTONS AND STUDS,
Maxbhe. HIEF RINGS, GLOVE FASTEMBUS.
DIAMOND INGR AND RTUDS,
CHlignteNy GOLD) ARMLEDNN,
CH. ILDRON GS OLD %INUS AND EAR-RINGS.
GOL» WATC. TAINS,
GULD AND diy bie Lai dBLES,
WATCH US AND JEWELRY REPATRED,
SLE Falun LEFORK BUEN
GEO. C, ALLEN, ti! Broadway,
Near Fourte-uth-el,

Bargains in Silverware.
WHOLESALE PRICES,
"20 OC ALT EX #4] Brosduar rer Fonrteenth-at
The New-York Association for Improvivg the Cone
dition of the Poor.—Its Twenty-cighth Anoua) Report avd Dires
tory being now realy, subscribers will be supplied as early as possible of
their residences, or immediately by sending to the Office, Room 59, Bible
House, Eightu-st. The following Officers of the desociation and Chale
men of the Ward Committees are authorized to receive subscriptions, vis
JAMES RROWN, Procident..opesissssssssssrans.. Wall at
HOKATIO ALLEN, Vice President. ....e0e..0.25 Clinion-placa.
JAMES LENOX, Vice-President. ovusesivaansssod3 Fifth-ave,
JOHN C, GREEN, Vice-President. ..oovvianeass... Tl South-st
JOIN D. WOLFE, Vice-Presu'entessiasssss..13 Madisor-ave,
A. R. WETMORE, Vice-President... .......360 Grecowich-st.
ROBRRT B. MINTURN, Areaanrer..coueeesss.s..T8 Svathest
GPORGE GRISWOLD, Recording deeretary....... 71 South-at
ELECTED MANAGERS.~Stewart Brown, 21 West 34th-st.; J.
than Senay, 125 Front-st. Erastus C. Beuedict, 10 West Wkhats 2,
Boorman Jobaston, W Broadway,
CHAIRMEN OF WARD COMMITTEES. ~1st, 24, and 3d Warle—
G. W. Abbe, 8 Pine-st, 4th—Cbaries Chamberlain, 168 South-st. Sth
H. 8, Terbell, 41 Walker-st. 6th—John Boyd, 13 Fraaklin-st 7th
Thomas Warren, 206 Monroe-st.  8th—Jobn Endicott, 2
Mh-—Daniel Freach, 253 West 14th-st.  luth-—Joha P. Jorslomes,
Kases-st. 11th—D. D, gis, 267 Tth-st.  12th—James Manchester,
Kast 120ib-st. 13th—Washicgion Thomas, 434 Grandes. Ith—H. P.
West, 183 Grand-st. 15th—f. A. Coating. 27 Kast _l0thet, 16th
W. Albro, 310 West 18th-st. 17th—S, R, Smith, 228 Fith-st. 1th—A,
W, Spies, 50 East 31st-st, 19th—J. L. T. Smith, HS East 42dot, 2th
H.'D. Ranney, M. D., 2271 West 34th-st. 2isi—John Pullman, 227 Eael
thst 320—B. H. Monson, 155 West 48th-st.
ROBERT M. HARTLEY, Secretary,
Room 59 Bible House, New-York,
Napoleon’ Cabinet
CHAMPAGNE,
THR WINB USED AT THE BECEPTION OF PRINCE ALEXIS
For Sale at the Leading Wine Merchants and Grocers.
BOUCHE FILS Co,
SOLE AGENTS, 37 Beavers.
Now oa Exhibition, Free,
AT THE SOMERVILLE ART CALLERY,
THR RAREST ORILN FAL CARPETS,
MONI CURIOUS ANTIQUE FURNITURES,
QUAINT GLASS AND MAJOLICA, ke., ka
A VALUABLE CONSIGNMENT, to be SOLD Lefure CHRISTMAS,
ta every way worthy atieutivn.
Schenck’ Pulmonic Syrup,
SRAWEED TONIC, snd MANDRAKR PILLS,
JOHN F. HENRY,
“Phiace’s Improved Fourtain Pen, Ouce flag wriics ten boars
Also, tne Gold Peus and Hollers wt mivafuciur rn’ proes,
JUUN 8, PUKDY, sid Livadway. coruer Falloaeh,
PeasDiies Notice. ~The TRY Sr rr
ER Be 1 A SA ow
IL JUN (D0)
Guecial Notices