J Li
z
(jlanibria JTmnmu,
EBEBinG, 1A.
Satcwdat Mousing, Nov. 11, 1871.
Hkisadier General Wkllixgtox H.
Ent died at Uloomeburg, Columbia coun
ty, on Sunday, the 5th instant. He was
connected with the Gtb Pennsylvania Re
serves during the late rebellion and ac
quitted himself with great credit and dis
tinction in the various battles in which
he was engaged. He was a lawyer by
profession, and at the election in 18CS
was the Democratic candidate for Sur-.
Tyor General of the State.
Da. David Staxtox, who was elected
Auditor General at the election in Octo
ber, died suddenly at his residence in New
Brighton, Beaver county, on last Sunday.
He Btood high in the community in which
he resided and enjoyed its respect and
confidence. Had Dr. Stanton lived be
would have entered upon the duties of his
office on the first Tuesday of next May.
As the law now stands providing for the
election of Auditor General by the peo
ple, the Governor is empowered to fill the
vacancy by an appointment, which will
embrace the full term of three years, un
lees the next Legislature should sco fit to
change it, which it unquestionably will do,
providing Geary does not interpose his
veto.
Ox last Monday, George O. Evans,
who, under the decision of Judge Pearson,
is entitled to be styled Professional
Stats Agent," was released from the liar
lieburg prison, bail having been offered and
accepted. His sureties were Dr. Paine,
Darius Baker and William Morgan, of
Philadelphia, and Dr. Shope, of Dauphin
county. Evans left cn his way rejoicing,
happy and contented roan, after having
clearly demonstrated what an easy task
it is, to drive a coach and four through
an Act of the Pennsylvania Legislature.
May his professional shadow never grow
183.
At the elections which were held last
Tuesday no important changes were bro't
about, except in New York Bnd New Jer
sey. In the former the Kadical State
ticket was elected by a majority of from
ten to fifteen thousand, while in the latter
the Democrats elected Parker, their can
didate for Governor, by about five thousand
majority. In Massachusetts, Wisconsin,
Minnesota and Illinois the Radicals, as
heretofore, were successful, while in Ma
ryland and Virginia the Democrats pre
vailed by a majority of 15,000 in the for
mer and 20,000 in the latter. Returns
from Mississippi are so meagre that it is
not safe to Bay at the present time what
the result has been in that State. All in
all, there is but little for us to glory over.
There docs not seem to be any end to
the frauds that are being unearthed under
the present glorious administration of our
"Second Washington." This time it is
Col. Forbes, United States Pension Agent
at Philadelphia. Considering that he was
in the full tide cf successful experiment
when he was detected in his villainy, his
crime is venial when compared with those
of his more illustrious predecessors, and
Lis defalcation amounts only to the con
temptible sum of thirty or forty thousand
dollars. Forbes might exclaim with
Warren Hastings, when the systcmutic
plundering of that unequalled criminal
was exposed by Edmund Burke before the
British Parliament, "When I rf fleet upon
the opportunities I have had, I am per
fectly astounded at my own moderation."
We suppose that the sureties of Forbes
will make good the loss which the gov
ernment has sustained and that the case
will never more be heard cf.
A few obscure Radicals in this State
are making an effort to bring about the
nomination of John Scott for the Vice
Presidency. As this is emphatically the
golden age of small politicians, it would
not be surprising if this movement should
be crowned with success. If Grant, who
has no intellectual capacity, should be
nominated for President and John Scott,
who Aas brains, for Vice President, the
combination would present a fine exam
ple of what is known as a kangaroo ticket,
or one having the heaviest part behind.
If there is a man in this State, or else
where, who has manifested more zeal in
doing the dirty work of tho Radical party
than John Scott, we do not know his
name or whereabouts. If his party can
confer any additional honor on Senator
Scott, he richly deserves it. Simon Cam
eron, who now dispenses Grant's patron
age in Pennsjlvania, and who can bear no
rival near the throne, would of course
vigorously oppesa Scott's nomination, but
as a full offset to this, Scott would be able
to enlist the powerful aid and support of
the Pennsylvania Uail Road Company.
In our judgment it would bo more appro
priate to place John Scott for Vice Pres
ident on the same ticket with Thomas
A. Scott for President. There would be
a peculiar fitness of things in this arrange
ment. As it would ba a pity to ppoil tveo
tickets with them, let them not be politi
cally divided. Arpidet amlo.
Grant and Sontu Carolina.
It would be a sheer waste of time to
I
enter into an extended discussion cf the I
enormity of Grant's proclamation sus
pending the writ of habeas corpus in nine
counties in South Carolina. It was an
exercise of imperial power, so sudden and
to alarming, as to arrest the deep atten
tion of the whole country. That it was
cruel, unnecessary and uncalled for was
asserted at tho time by Governor Scott,
the Executive of the State. It has de
veloped some facts, however, which are
peculiarly disgraceful to the administra
tion, and show the utter recklessness and
malicious purpose with which it was is
sued. Marion was one of the proscribed
districts enumerated in his proclamation.
That county is the residence of II. K.
Hayne, a colored man and a member of
the State Senate. It will be seen from
the following letter, written by him on
the very day on which Grant, who was
then at Bangor, in Maine, issued his sec
ond proclamation, that he emphatically
denies that any "Ku KIux outrages have
ever been committed in that county," and
that he believed that the insertion of Ma
rion county as one of the districts handed
over to the tender mercies of" the bayonet
was "a typographical error"
Officb or Land Commissiokbb,
G.LUMBtA. S. C October 17. 1871. j
Hon. D. T. Corbin. United Slates District
Attorney, South Carolina.
Dear fcia My attention has been called
to the proclamation of the President calling
on the Ku-Klux in certaia counties to sur
render, tc, and among them the county of
Marion appears. This may be a typograph
ical error if uot. I deiira that you have this
changed if possible, ns it is hut just and fair
to the people cf Marion, as no Ku Klux
outrages have ever bten committed in the
county.
Hoping that you will give the matter your
earnet and prompt attention. I am, respect
fully, &c. II. E. IIatke.
Senator from Marion County.
That it was a wicked, unpardonable
blunder, showing the true animus of Grant,
is now distinctly proven by that sorry of
ficial himself. He has issued another
proclamation, dated November 3d, in
which he admits that Marion county was
wrongfully included in his manifesto of
October 17th, and substitutes in its place
Union county, in a different and remote
part of the State. To thus trifle with and
make sport of the dearest rights and lib
erties of the people of these two counties
is unparalleled and a shameless wrong
Who knows but that in less than twenty
days the pains and penalties now threat
ened against Union county may not for
the same reason be withdrawn and burled
at some other county. Chester is another
of the doomed districts. The Grand Jury
of that county, composed of six whites
and six negroes, have made a presentment
embodying the result of their investigation
of alleged Ku-Klux outrages in that lo
cality, and conclude as follows
We. the Grand Jurors, vpon our oaths,
are compelled to say from the testimony tchich
tee have taken and from our knowledge of
the different part j of the county, that the
allegations contained in TOE PRoCLAMA
tiok of the Prksi pint of the Uniteo
States ARE WITHOUT FOUNDATION.
AMD MUST BE THE RISfLT OF FALSEHOOD
COMMUNICATED TO HIM B Y PERSONS EQUAL
LY R EG A 11 D LESS OF GOOD OllTJER
AND THE PEACE OF SOCIETY.
This, if anything could, ought to make
Grant hang his head in shame. It is
testimony plain and conclusive, coming
from tho very class of men (tho colored
people) who are falsely paid to be the vic
tims of cruelty and outrage. Grant's
reckless and vindictive conduct towards
the South is enongh to cause another re
bellion. It is only the beginning of tho
end, and when in his career of usurpation
he applies the thumb-pcrews to the people
of the North, it will be seen with what
patience and humility they will submit to
it.
II all Road Supremacy.
Several months ago, Mr. Charles Fran
cis Adams, late Minister to England from
this country, published in the North
American Review a series of articles on
the "Rail Road System," in which he
discussed tho whole subject of railway in
terests in relation to the public and the
Slate. The key note of Mr. Adams'
views upon this question is given in the
following passage in one of these articles
in reference to Cornelius Vanderbilt, the
New York and Erie railroad king, in his
management of that powerful monopoly;
'TJncoDciouii!y he has introduced Cxtar
ism into corporate life, lie has, however, but
pointed out the wy which others will tread
The individual will hereafter be engrafted on
the corporation democracy running its course,
and requiting in imperialism aDd Vanaerbilt
is but tho precursor of a class ef men who will
wield within the etate a power created by the
state, but too great for i s control. Ho is tho
founder of a dynaaty."
These productions from the pen of
Mr. Adams, together with a number of
others on different subjects, have recently
been published in book form and have at
tracted much notice from the great ability
displayed by him in their preparation. A
writer in a late number of the New York
World refers at some length to this new
publication and especially to that portion
of it on the subject of railways. Wo
publish below that portion of the writer's
remarks. What he eays is peculiarly ap
propriate just at this time when a spas
modic effort is being made in certain
quarters to impose a rail road Ctesar, in
the person of Thomas A. Scotf, on the
next Democratic National Convention as
lls candidate ior me i ree.aency. xne
.i .:.t. .i.:k v.
B,K"
tional and State governments are now
threatened is the increasing and control
ing influence of corporate wealth, exer
cised, as it always will be, to aggrandize
and enlarge its already overshadowing
proportions
"In this country whatever may be the re
volt in countries where popular government is
unknown the railway is moreover destined to
exert an influence upon the slate which, when
wielded by the bold echehier who controls some
gisnt corporation, is fi-.ly described by Mr.
Adams s the introduction of Castrism into
corporate life. The mati who controls one of
the great thoroughfares between the eaateru
and western boundaries of the State by that
rery fact controls more than SlOU.UUO.buO of
capital. He has, however, aaded to this the
practical control of other railways consisting in
the aggregate of at Ie9t four thousand five
hundrsd miles of rosd, and representing not
les than $!50 ,000 ,0110.
"The influence which this enormous tin
cial power might giye him over the govern
ment of half a dozen Stated through wlrich his
lines of railway tun depends solely upon the
comparative honesty of legislator. But the
power of such a railway king is not merely to
be meafured by the wealth controlled by him.
lie can marshal an army of laborers nt the
polls. If he owns all the great railway lines in
ibe State he can dictate terms to the trading
and traveling public of one half of the Union.
The only check interfering between him and
a virtual dictatorship grander thau that of
many a European despot in former time.', is
the competition of rival corporations. When
such a competition does not exist within the
boundaiies of a State that Stale is virtually
owned and governed by its railway and those
who control the railway. Such a condition of
affairs baa long existed in Pennsylvania, where
the railways are in reality the government, and
that it does not as yet exist hare is due mere
ly to the provision of law tbat the Erie arid the
Central cortoru tions shall not be under the
control of one body of men, and that the Erie
Canal can etill compete in freights with the
rail ava.
"It is in the consolidation of railway lines,
and in the consequent decay of competition,
that the danger to American Democracy exists.
This tendency to consolidation is the feature of
the day. The rennylrania Railway year by
year draws other corporations into its imatia
ble grasp. It already controls three thousand
miles of track, and represents securities
amounting to $175,000,005. The land grants
to the various companies that are owned and
controlled by it amount to H',000 square milei,
or an nrea equivalent to that of the aggregate
positions of four of the existing kingdoms
of Europe, and its gross revenue is at least
$40.0Ul),Ouo per annum. Had Vanderbi't but
succeeded, as he i.etrly did, iu adding the Erie
road to his possessions, he would have wielded
even a greater power than this. Ard thea
corporations, already so powerful, will un
doubtedly add to tbeir possessions and vastly
increase their power. With the presence of
such a force in the political life of tie nation
our whole STs'.em of government may at an
early day be utterly centraliaed in all exscpt in
name."
Strange, if Tkuc. Tke Yonkers
Statesman publishes tho following curious
statement
A very singular case of unusual inter
est has been made known to us by Dr.
I'ike. Some months. since a young man
by tho name of Sidney Joues, was bitten
in the arm by his employer, while in a
fit of anger. Toung Jones was told at
the time, and has been informed since by
thoughtless, superstitious friends, that he
was as likely to become rabid and hydro
phobic as though he had been bitten by a
mad dog. Their statements have preyed
upon his mind, making him nervous and
unsettled in a high degree. Sunday night
he was attacked with convulion?, and
during the spasms simulated most cf the
actions and gestures which obtain in gen
uine hydrophobic cais, held down and
restrained by six men, biting, snapping,
gritting his teeth, &c.
A visitor at the house at tho time
Jones wa9 attacked was a companion and
intimate fiiend by the name of Augustus
Howell, and is about the same age as
Jones. In five minutes after Jones went
into spasms. Howell followed puit, with
exactly similar symptoms, gestures, &c.
Dr. Pike sent Howell to his home in
Brook strret. After proper treatment,
both the young men slept peacefully, and
next day both were entirely comfortable,
until half past five r. sr. Now comes the
most singular part of the affair. At the
above hour, Howell, who was polishing
his boots preparatory to a musical soiree
which was to coma off in the evening,
suddenly paused and said, "Mother, Sid
ney is sick again," "Pooh replied the
mother, "what do you know about it. It
is all in your imagination." "No," re
plied Howell, "when he has one of them
I feel a cold thrill run all over me." Mrs.
Ilowcil put on her bonnet and hhawl, ran
to Jones's house in Getty's Block, Main
street, and found Jones in convulsions.
Returning to her own home, her son was
lying on the floor, held down by neigh
bora, similarly afflicted.
Howell has recovered. Jones is still
ill, the spasms, however, growing feebler,
and of shorter duration.
Chicago Relief Meeting in Ireland.
Poor Ireland has rallied to the relief
of the Chicago sufferers. Our correspon
dents there inform us that meetings have
been held throughout the country, at all
of which men of different classes and
creeds have come together to extend the
hand of help to our unfortunate country
men in the West. Ireland is not ungrate
ful. Her people remember the awful
famine in the year of '47, when tho Uni
ted States poured its bread-stuffs into
Irish ports for the suffering inhabitants of
the Island. Now she responds to the
fullest extent of her ability to aid Chica
go. Tho action of Ireland calls to mind
also the course of Paris. The French
capital, notwithstanding the evils, suffer
ing and m;.sery she has undergone within
the last twelve months, came forward
with her mite to swoll the contributions
which from almost every clime come pour
ing in to help the afflicted of the Garden
City of tha Vesf All honor be to Ire
land and France for amid their own
troubles they remembered and helped the
misfortunes of others. Ar. 1 Herald.
The Governor of Wisconsin has taken
upon himself the responsibility of furnish
ing every family whose home was destroy
ed by fires in the Northern part of tbat
State, with three thousand feet of timber,
for building purposes. lie will ask the
Legislature at its next meeting to endorse
his action, and provide funds to meat th
drafts uron the treasury.
Pisenoracnaand Incidents; of the
A or l liens i'iie.
There are some phases of the great ca
lamity which fell upon this region last
week worthy scientific investigation. The
testimony of the cooler headed survivors
of the fires at Peshtigo, the Sugar Hush
and Williamsonville, is united as to one
phenomena I They say that the fire did
not come upon them gradually from burn
ing trees and other objects to the wind
ward, but the first notice they had of it
was a whirlwind of flame in great clouds,
from above the tops of the trees, which
fell upon and enveloped everything? The
atmosphere seemed one of fire. The poor
people inhaled it, or the intensely hot air,
and fell down dead. This is verified by
the appearance of many of the corpses.
They were found dead in the roads and
open spacea, where there were no visible
marks of fire near by, with not a trace of
burning upon their bodies or clothing.
At the Sugar DueIi, which is an extendej
clearing, in some places four mile3 in
width, corpses were found in the open
road, between fences which were on!'
slightly burned. No mark of fire was
upon them, but they laid there as if
asleep. This phenomenon seems to ex
plain the fact that so many were killed in
compact masses. They seemed to have
huddled together in what were evidently
regarded at the moment as the safest
places, away from buildings, trees, or
other inflamable material, and there to
have died together. Fences around clear
ed fi.dda were burned in spots of only a
few rods in length, and elsewhere not
touched. Fisb were killed in the Etreams,
as at Peshtigo.
We bear the universal testimony that
tho prevailing idea among the terror
stricken people of these places was that
the last day had come. They needed
not to be terror stricken for such imagin
ings What other explanation could be
given to that imminent time, when there
was an ominous warning and sound coin
ing from the distance when the fcky, so
dark just before, burst into great clouds
of fire, the beasts of the forests came run
in" for succor into the midst of the settle
raents, and a great, red, consuming, roar
ing hell of fire fell uporTall around. The
dreadful scene lacked nothing but the
sounding of the last trumpet arid indeed
the appn aching of the awful roaring, and
premonitions from the distance supplied
even that to the appalled imaginings of
the people.
The Kpsy theory, wo think it is, that
continued and widespread fires will bring
on rain, seems to ba entirely exploded in
this instance These fires had lasted
nearly or quite four weeks, ravaging for
ests over a great area, and still nut a drop
of rain. The rain only came with a
change of wind to the northward, and
several days after the worst burnings were
over with.
WHAT A SURVEYOR SATS.
To a person not in tho (ire it seems in
credible that so many should Lave per
ished in the flames. To me, aud I pre
sume most of those who were in the fire,
it seems a miracle that eo many were
saved. If you suppose the worst snow
storm you ever witnessed, and eacb snow
flake a coal or spark of fire, driven before
n fierce wind, you will have soma idea of
the state of the atmosphere at the time
the fire struck the town. We all know
bow little prcence of mind many persons
have in times of great excitement, and
but few persons know just what to do
wken death, in its most appalling form,
stares them in the face. Of one thins,
however, we may be sure, all, under such
circumstances, do the best they are capa
ble of doing. There were deeds of hero
ism, that fearful night in Peshtigo, that
are worthy a place by the ido of the
brightest and noblest facts of history.
Many lost their lives in attempting to save
the lives of others. Many have been
found clasping some darling object of af
fectiwi in their arms, bs m the act of
shielding them from the fire. Mothers
were dreadfully burned, but saved the
little ones. Husbands and fathers were
also burned, but saved their families
One was dreadfully burned in attempting
to eave his wife and two children but
they were burned. A young lady ran for
the river with a child in her arms but,
overcome by '.he heat and fright, fainted
and was dragged to the water by ome
one and saved. In tho morning she
learned that her sister was burned.
One old man, after the fire abated, was
found so burned in the side that bis en
trails hung out. His hands and face
were horribly burned, and ho begged pit
eously for some one to kill him and put
an end to his misery. Green Bay Advo
ccite.
Tnrt Democratic loaders of the State
of Jew York did not hesitate as to what
was their duty when the frauds of Tweed
Co. came to the surface. They at onco
commenced prosecutions against thorn for
malfeasance in office. This of course
withdrew the retainers of the thieves from
the Democratic party and strengthened
the Radicals. Sooner than Rain a barren
victory at the price of honest government,
the true Democrats refused to compromise,
risking the chances of defeat. In doing
this they were free in any case to prose
cute and punish the robbers, for in the
event of either defeat or victory, they
were fre from all alliance with Tweed
and his mixed brigands. In strange con
trast with this is tha conduct of the lead
ers of the Radical party. With astound
ing frauds turning up every day, they
form closer alliances with the plunderers,
and if they do not actually assist them in
their peculations, shield them from pun
ishment. The $30,000,000 of which
the people of Siuth Carolina have been
plundered by the Radical State govern
ment 850.000,000 stolen by Iiullock
and his confederates in Georgia, and the
millions upon millions befide, will never
be restored by the action of the Radical
leaders. While they make such loud
professions about honesty, they make no
attempt to bring their party associates to
justice for their crimes. That is line of
action tbat belongs wholly to the Demo
cracy. Pittsburgh Post.
Rews of tlie lVcck.
Iowa's buckwheat-cake laciimes are toe
greatest on record.
Charles O'Oonor hits been named as a
candidate fur the Presidency.
An onion btd of teu acres in low yield-
ed its owner the suati of $2,420 this year.
Hence these tears.
The steamer America left San Francis-
co for China oa Friday, carrying several
hundred returning Chlne.
An eel was caught in Pisoon creek,
Chester County, one day last week, which
weighed eight pounds and three our.ccp.
At It iche.-ter. I., on aaturtisy een-
ing, c reu Uougiass was uuinuiuu.'j uim
nated as the liepublicao Candidate for As
sembly. William Ilasktns fehot and killed hid
wife on Monday night in Philadelphia.
Cause whisky. The murderer has been
arrested.
At the railroad deuot. Cincinnati, on
Saturday morninjr, the boiler of an engine
exploded, blowinz two men into frtginents
and iniurinir twoothere
HarrisLurg has a revolutionary pension
er in the person cf Elizabeth Bt-tz. w-hoee
husband was a drummer-boy in the struggle
for independence.
Through the falling of the walls of a
burring piano factory on Tenth aver,ue,
New York city. Wednesday morning, eleven
fireman were Eeverely injured
The United States Grand Jury of Cin
cinnati indicted Benjamin F. Davidson an
i r l. j
armv contractor, mr ma&iijg ami pice;ji.iii
frudiilect vouchers fur forage amounting to
$70 00.7.
The Philadelphia rest urges the alleged
fact that Colonel -GTFvenor was druck. as
a eufEcien excuse f r his killing as wftll
for Sheridan's cxerc'ie of martial law in
Chicago.
Victor G. Towell. the clerk in the Sec
ond Auditor's office at WasHncton. charge 1
with cotnpI;citv with Wm. B Stokes in con
spiracy to defraud tho Government, has been
re'eaed in J10.0C0 bail.
Near Bucynis, Ohio, on last Friday,
William Booth, while out hunting, fell from
a wagon, his ;un being discharged thereby,
and tho load enteriu his heart, from the ef
fects of which he died soon after.
At a radical gathering at Montgomery,
Ala
on Monday sight last, an arrvil which
was beinz used as a cannon exploded, killinc
two men, mortally wounding two or three
others and badly burning Eeveral.
Charles II. Wmrd, of tho late banking
firm of Mellen, Ward Co., of Boston, sen
tenced to three yeats' imprisonment iu June.
1870, for mbrzz'ing government funds, has
t een released on a pardoD from President
Grant.
At Cincinnati, on Saturday, George
Shoemaker, a carpenter, iu attempting to
crctus ou a board from a threestr.ry houe to
another, fell to the ground, breaking his legs
aud scull, beaides feh-ckingy rutiti-aMng him
self with a broad-ax which ho had iu his
hand.
All the paid j-'Urnals of the ai'tninistra
tion remain perfectly s-ilent about the aston
ishing frauds committed under cover of ths
mrt i u vr.tta OnuornrnariTo r I ha S. ,nth a rul
demand a suspension of tho civil laws in
(2VI v li iuv.ii to i v 4 v, u u k u ciss
e-ery communis t..a. i...re
government and a deaveraoce from. the rob-
-A large ponton of the town o. Brookv.de.
ferson county, in the very centre of t-u.i-
waa destroyed by fire on bunday nht
e r Ti f 11
Jeffen
ne;
last. Tlie Sre oriinattl in the s-tahle cf the
Clement House, and is supposed to kave been
the wotk of an incendiary. The total less
is eftimatel at $70,0 00, tn which there is a
partial insurance.
A late number of the Washington Pu
triot savs "There bare been some informal
conversations here between prominent Con- j
se.vahre republicans and Democrats on the
sut p et c f nominating Jude Trumbull for
the Presidency, and it is stattd that the sub
ject will be further and seriously discussed
at a day uot far distant."
The ship "Moses Tat lor." just arrived
at San Francisco from llono'ula and Ai:-
tralia, reports having boarded the brig
"Shelcopp." waterilogged, and found all
aboard dead excepting the captain. IShe a!o
reports a terrible disaster to the Arctic whal
ing ncei in tlie ice. 1 tjirty-tbres vessels
were crushed or abandoned.
A negro went to the house c f Mrs? Bass,
living near Windsor. Henry county, Mis
souri, oti Saturday evening, and demanded
her money. She refuse.! to give it to him.
whereupon he choked her till nearly ictienM
hln and attempted to outrage, bet person.
The negro was arrested yesterday, near Clin
ton, taken to Windsor and hung by a mob.
A party of men living near Itr.vuod.
Ind were out coon bunting on Saturday
sight, the 4th, and while returning home,
three of them sat down q the rarro,l track
to await the arrival of the rest. They very
soon fell as'ep. The express train came
along, struck John Grear, and threw him
sixty feet, killing him instantly. Bruce
Robinson was badly hurt; the other escaped.
John Deubler died near Canadensis.
Monroe county, on the 15th ultimo, ag d Po
years. Tho deceased was with Bonapartt's
army on its unfortunate march to Moscow,
and was one of seven who returned out of
a company of 180 that started. He had
been in this country about 42 years, and
was one of the pioneers in what is now Bar
rett township, having removed to that sec
tion nearly 30 years ago.
M's. Robert Brooks of Broad Creek,
Prince George's county, Md., died a few days
ago, and her little daughter, 7 years of ase,
was so iuteosely grieved at the bereavement
that she too died, and both were buried to
gether at Alexandria, Va. A skillful physi
cian examined tho little girl a short time be
fore her death and could discover uo disease.
Tho Alexandria fVa Gazette thinks she un
doubtedly died cf grief at the loss of her
raothrr.
The half has not been told, it would
appear, of tho extent of the human suffering
resulting from those Western forest fires.
Tho Chicago Tribune, in an appeal to the
country and the charitable world in behalf
of those sufferers, nays that "probably fifty
thousand prrsosss in Northern Wisconsin and
Michigan alone have been stripped of every
earthly possersiou by these fires." This re
port from tho ruins of Chicago is surely en
titled to respect.
The New York Tribune says "The
colored population of Pennsylvania number
05,294, and the colored vote, by tho ratio of
one to fix. is less than 11.000 Correct.
But 26,000 negro votes are claimed to have
been cast at the late election, and that saved
the State to the liadicals. This was a bold,
monstrous fraud, even according to the show
ing of tho Tribune, and yet it is on a par
with all the acts of the Radical party. They
rule by "arithmetic, not ballots."
On Monday last, as laborers were at
work cutting a new road through a hill in
the hollow known as "Ilang Hollow," at
Council Bluff's. Iowa, they excavated a sack
containing $12,000 in gold and silver. The
money was hidden there eightoen years ago
by ono Mcir, who murdered his comradefa
Calif.rni.in, in this city. Muir was hung by
a mob of Californians. and said he had hid
den the money under a stump in this hollow,
but refused so tell where. Many persons
have hunted for this secreted treasure iu vain,
he laborers shared the booty equally.
An f!d lady in Danl-ury,
C.'iiU., bavins
beard t!:it extracting the tooth i f f. mi
i ,ch had bitten any ore. greaMT. it.
j an i hanging it la the mepiftce vvuu.-i .n
j ve(jt the )t:reim bUten from hedrt. phobia,
j trjd it wheu her littx- do: bit her. A toulh-
j a3 jmniediatelv called in, but, not htni
J pive which one of the ivories did the tiiis- j
chief, it was decided to take tl.ern all o'.:t.
nas these teeth, twenty-cne in all, bang- j
jCfr Cn sttings lu her fire-place, whi!o poor!
j .Vi!liam Henry" L33 to furtgo meat an.i j
j gruel. i
I Txi.e wondeiful ice cave in Der-crah,
Winneabeik comity, Iowa, is a -vei tical figure
i .i race ;f tj.e c;ifT of Trenton l.mrst t.e
that f.rms a part t tho banK i t tti:- Upper
I ).va river. It is nl out oris hundred f-t-t iu
all its windings, is fn.ni two to i-l t feet iu
width, aud varies btill rn-re in height. In
the wii.ter the cave is free from ice. 5ut ou
f v v 1
j the approach of hot weather the ico lr.i;i;n
to accumulate, ami soin! h.inJ, ami dry cikys
j IrIlk, ,t,ft an. u.ttom f th- ivc
j v-( ei) tle weather ia hottest-the cave is most
(ibun,Unt!y stored with ice.
The ctcry of the cow and th? kerofene
'amp having been thoticr:n f f the Chicag-j
(ire is t-rinelehed by the affidavits o! the own-
era of thu property, who swear that there
was to fire in their aiuble that i.iht, and
tlat their cows wt-ro rniiked before dirk.
Th's Is unfortunate, fjr tl e I:S ;i tinht by
the supposed origin of the conflagration in
connection witn keroBena rni
i.t have tern
the means of saving dany a human lift
bv
j CAntc uwre care Le u,fc,t ia ij;
c
tho
inflammable material. The origin cf th j
fire, therefore, til 1 remains a :usU;y. V.
1'. Herald. I
The Fak'ike in Par.cia. Thousands rf
refple Starring to Death A c-ib!e ?et.at-n
Iroui L"nd..n under date of Nov. '2', fays:
that further advices regard;:,;; the I'er;ati
famine have been recriTt-d in that city to, j
day. It appear that the statements for-
nieriy received are now jrov-n to have l-etn
in no wiso fxapcraied. The fan::. is ha
already ewept a' most over the entire- rimh
and breadth of Persda. at.d tdi'l c--r.tir.uos
unabated. The people in every city through-
out the cnULtry are dyio frtai ll-j tTeol& i-f
starvation.
In Ispahan, rce r f ti e rrxcir i i i"s of
J Peroia. with a population of about L'00.000.
the ravages cf the famine and its c- t ccmi-
taut disearef, has been farftil. The inhab
itants, weakened ti.- the last depres by ex
cessive want, have succumbed l-y hut; Jri-ds.
The cemeteries are all filled. Iu that city
alone, it is estimated that there are over
20,000 native Persians, 1.-S0O Jews, and 1,
500 Christians actually starving.
Tho provisiona are alnv.-st t-xhcu.-te.l, and
are quite i!ifiiffiv.-icL,t to tup pot ir,; t-.-u;h of
the population for any protracted trio.j.
A similar state of affairs er"s-ts in Teheran.
1 10 iui!e further s-utli. aud hatdiv a t-ir-a-e
city ia exempt frcra the dreadful vUU?.u..;.
A Sthasge Car.EEK
Gee. Joseph II ir-
!an, ct 1 iiUaueipMA
J'.c-d in San Frar eicj a
;ui the iar la '20 he
i aiuiej
few days a;
:i;doOs:an, ai,d traveled
.1
into the British po--s;o: a into re,;
under tha native jr-jver:
its cf Asia
lie peijetrated as a scieSc tiavtltr. and
aai,.ng tL,ee ...Vcrfc5gtlJj L ma.le h:aist.if at
Af hini?Un he t IiCar, tSkeljtv Vt,ri.
1Je tQ Li h c',,,.,-,,, thearmv of the
couqucritiI D.,t M..1;;lllia j. at.,j ilitri.,:ucul
m laroiuv. x ii A CI I -i .,A1MI
mo.ieru u.i!:tary taciics am-'t-g the Orit-.t.t f.
At but, leturnitg homeward tinough Kypt,
Tut key, Germany an-J Great Brii.tiu he re
sumed the quici of hii youth iu Philadel
phia. At the rL-iti.j cf the rebellion though
iti his svei.th dtcade La prcmpt-y .fiVred
his services l the government. lie was
corrni.-Sivjii'd a.- a Cohuiel, aud led down t
the Army of the Putotmc the largs-t rei
meut of cavalry embraced iu it, and v. Lieh
he commanded until severe s!clness obliged
him to withdraw.
Sisgclar Suicide 'i
WO Gl:
.s D a :".v:
j Great txcitement prevailed at Leuis-
i-.'u, jib., ou r ii. uy i.ir., i,vtr a remarket':
c-e if fe'itoidf, by whkh two yt ut.g girls
perished. About oi.e o'clock Ad Llmivn,
of Biu-kfiold, and Anna of Hertford,
were been str.-ilmg along the bar.Us of the
Androscoggin, toward the falls. The were
engaged in earnest conversation, a-v there
was nothing unusual iu their appe.nancc to
attract ol sa: vati-ti. Ou ariiving at ihe
fa!!s th;y diverted ihem.'eives of their outer
clothing and dep.-sited them carefully upcu
the recks. After a fsw moments passed iu
deep meditation thev clioped their arms
roui:d each tther and sptat into the deeps
est channel i f toe river. t a cry eieaptd
them as they tot k the fatal lean tut with
faces turned heaven Wird the riurste
gills pluDged into th boiling fl-vi-.i. No
cause can he assigutd f.r tha rash act.
Fatai. Panic in a CtibRcn. At hvfpt
nine o'clock on iSm.d.iv right last the givit c
way tf a c lumn i.i the hv.or room in the
colored Baptist church, corner f F.fiii and j
York streets, L-tiisvibe, Ky .created a pa?,ic
atnona the congregation m the upper room, j
and ilie whole body rushed, j mimed and
crushed down tvTo narrow stairways on each
side of the door. M?u wers t rani plit-tr over
women and children in the fright. F.ieven
were killed outright, two of them chi! !r.-n. 1
and a number mora or less wound.-d. 0
had a leg broken. The kioed aro all women.
Tlie Pt-ene was tsrrible and heart rendir.
tnrtl-.era screaming f..r th ?ir d.-a 1 children.
husbands iu ag -ny i vcr the deaths of wives.
The celt; mn tr piiiar which gtve way proved
to have be.'? set the lower fl-v-r "bt t ween I
tho j ists with cothii g imdcr it but one inch
Hooting.
Geis Foster,
Nos. 113 and 115 CHntori Street.
Jclinstowu, I'ii.
invite tho attention of buyers to their large
and le,riiiit stoci of
FALL AiD W1XTER GOODS!
COKSISTISQ OF
Mr GOODS, DUE5S GOODS,
1MILI.IXEKY GOODS. FANCY GOODS,
CARFETS, OIL CLOTHS, &c Ac,
AT EVEUT PRirr'
"OF.KS VOll SALE.T bo s.iberiber j
has about SIXTY SCAl'SOF ItF.IS which
ue wisnes to s 11 on fair terms. 1 rsuns desir
ous of pureliaMnr will please call on the pioin-
TrXlil' U'sUm V'"-"5-"!', about two miles
iroui Henuoek, or a01.1ro.
v n JOHN M'ATAMANT.
Jsov. 4.-Jt. Hemlock, Cambria C., Pa.
'HACHKKS WANTED KKIHT
.T.iCACHEtS nro wanted to take r-htrr of
the t!treint schools in Carroll towns) it for
th pt-rio.1 of four months. S.iliirv rrotu t -V to
f.W ier month, lor further it rorm,i::..! apply
u V. .1. DCMM. So. n t.iry,
Aov. 4--ot. or, J. W. tH AKHAriJ it.
T7ANTKD. Onk Tfaciiku, mal
fomalo, to take charge of a vuoant selio
In Al.oirhony toviihip lor a i.tui of FOL
MONTHS. Wusw, )er month.
JUSKPH HOIiUK, Secretart-Allc-jhony
T-p Nov. 4, im.-8t. "crelftr
I
-.1 t
THE WOT.i--.-. t,,..
HALT ti.iil.rn HH'i r 'I'l. t A-1 "i
Pn.P.T.KKi;NKM!:l;r.
tcui4ior and I ron t v-to,' V r 't.'-j
th- i.fiir-iY.i r....i I?'4-s'.ur,-.i,
His r..o-iic'!ii.y tho 3'r, 'i
i iiiin nt or t ti-i t i
'i f..
and i:t u j.ri r,f-l;;i r.-i-
-ot t t!i, t v,.rv
to vi'UJV". A sri:roitH r'
tisoi) r.id sold s Cimdtn-u'i-',""."
-i:.-dd..!-:,!.i.. it.cjw.-. at;.: v' V
t -n of t!.c ii,;;, i
Vro the d::i!t '.-tows'. 1
Of 1 y n in inniro 1 1 't',
ui:io jir:i-t- fl,;,u i. s,,j. V.'
t i.-u riv -a!i the ut'.i:u.rt
their protection, tt t i-'s i-.l't
i.LI.-s. r
Kt-iya. M. V.; p. T. KkL: Y
t
i
1 1
f i
i Sir r i.' v.-.,
1 l U tltJ.lWlfd. l-ir-t-sf
to feitd-S'-ri! "T. A p. t:i
for Stnn:.ty t. ;.zt U
Th- rd-lf-kt Mi:d r"i:r."
c'l'inirj a Kr--h?:r;' v
t Vi'i-K-t-i-.ii t r.
For !nf-P!T- v.-:-"t- f
l. I' t y K ra

Twenf v-tiv r' i r:- r
l':i:r.i.!il'-t -.-ttu;tdr.c I'.tt. t -i x-
di i-f-c; ior i: w t o -r j f
A l-oi:nd fluv.if r.f 1
Xnr (!IIU i I 1J t
I'." V.'--!rr:tii!s of v. v: i-i-l- u .-.V...'
ent I.'tv. ar.d ri.!" f. r
mailed on receipt ol C3 tenti.
TAKTII ,?.OT.T.- r..t
'j i.-i:TC"o..ti.'irA-.r -t tt
S'-'r I', s. I'.i r f r
l.li' I J V
--ti-.i.v. T- onlv -.-t- t
f-, ti.-. T: Kirtht'!.
f i t IT' -t V:i a. r 1
.iir-:id of I.. i;.-r,i t ,f
S'-:d for oircnli' r-.
Sn!'-(iO!:!:: 1 -i 1 .n
way, X. V.: Mirk-.t r :r- f
roti :.i:.-a poiro ff.-;-,
S 'i.r-t--r n.ii!v.
jfi-fcs J ALI.Z I5A1LV, M..r.! j p.
v.'-.i ''orES! liprinritni-r Xir;.
will ii:- -rt i-.n A.;v-!-o-' r.-:
t'Jn-.lin I'Hi'rJfc:: !.i:;i;. i r
l att s u Jv(.-tt:-i i
frt-e. Ai'.r-r-:-,
a .2.fcj ,v
40 an-i 41 I'Al'.K lury, ,v;;i' r
n.'so. --viz '.yni pay
A-f-!i: t-'A vr-r wtt-k to t-'i
ni dii-o'
It v,
orM
A-i lr-
1 t .-,-..irif tt or'tC. :i:
ss I)Y i'.ll i. I.'- Ja-
A "'r?-i."'trv: n. vhi: rr
let es n !is'oiiiry, .v r.
I '.I- r.j -'i'-oy f .r t h 'i:r!
l.r!y l)i of tt:.
lrtat 'rir:tn. and t!io wh..;,- t
l'to-f o;i y i ir. -fiii i.-;
t ill !ors vo en or: r. i f y t'-;.
I"ro:r.j.t d l-y Tl-re i
ur.f ort i; r;.-T-.l I t ii- f
and 11 si:; is t !:N too
any on-' who tif-d- it.
J .;.T. I m a ta t io:j I I ;.-1:
A VO!"KjrAKS:-AV
cretioti, (aii-ii;-: n-r
tnro decay, etc., h;t i::tr t
-ri isod ;Vi;:t-.i v. ):;;-.h-.i y- --f
v!f-ct;r.-.w!,iv-h hr w s t:d
ferc-rs. u j; f- .1 .II -li clyls.
Tifir.TY rrif:s- rxvr.i-.u.s'.E
Vm.A V0W WM.V3 u-'--1
A FHYSI0LOGICAL Ylt.Y C: uf:k -WJ.il.
The eh:-:ip.'-t t r-vr i ul
ing ne.jrly tl-.re h:t r i
'i i-vi arid thirty tir.v i'!:it- s
t !;o aruitoni v of th.'- l;un..t:: f :v--'
h P.!:d" d-t-as.-. Wit!: u I
c-rrors. t!i-;r dt-pii-rat c. i
ir.ii;.! nr. I t.ody. ws:!i i':;
itiont. tin' only rati.::'...; :i:t i s
of Ct'.ro. !i..-.o:: 1 y i- d
A truthful ::o is.-rt.
conrvri:; ::i:r !i:.:rri. 1; 1
i-t their physical e t:-i.l:o:i. -Stro
to f.ny add rr-"s. ot n-c 1
ct nt ;u .tar.tt r p.-t:.!
ire rr.. la ck six. No. ;i
ny. N. V. Ti:c a:iih' r i.. t
1..-.
either per
Y i.r t'.ic .;i5.?:i- up. ci w:.:
v.-.i.. y
l
sent to say part of ih-j wor:
A Reek of l"J, r r:'- -i
r.nt-sip a i:-t T' r
vrt:--i:s-T !s- -h.-fi. s!
t:osi. at. I l';ii: p:"-t i
1:t;r 1 i-Wy iu- 1 V.". I .y
X'Wpaj..T. t i v.-Wh
l-irue cin,:i!.'ti'i!'-. pi.b'.i-l.-
K. i.'ion. A-ricuoiiio. I.i" -r
A'ivi1!!1. v..:1:. 1 t v-;-
be.-:t:ii? vviii f.!-1
vi:i.'. t rr:-? :--v n
c(-::!v 1. I W A to
l;Iv X i IV rk 1!..-v. Nt-w V
l!:c fit tbutvu i
Co., tiU-'i s
t".oo!.. is t':t l..r-' r;' y
cy in the inittil x-' ,t
rt. -on i ni ts.i U t- t UfL tr-;-' -:i i.A-.
firr- to viTt i tlii-tr
an.l sY'li-ni.itip.-ill.v it-! t i :!.r
ro u. to sr".:rt the t- -t r -for
the least expenditure '-f t--'
f. r. TiEnxr.r J
T AW and COLI.r.ClK'N 01
OF
T I EE R-N B V o
N UL-h-j
f cIo;iRIe Ito, E!( K-'irs
Spivhtl sttrmi-Mi p:;i-1 t c
e.U parts of the Vniie-.l Stales.
EO. M. IM-ADF.. AWr-V'S
Kbensonrr-. P;i. Oliice in :,w
recently erected on Centre street i-.
from lligh street. iv'J
TTM. II SIXHLER, Attokn?-'
Law. Khensburj.
T.'n.t'. i...-; ,r i.nrta o.
nade Row, Centre street.
r. A. SIIOEMAKEIU
;ro. a-
rr;-
s
hoe m a k e u r.n!Jl'
riEcvW oataTax X:JTZ
NKYS-AT-LAW, Tl'ot r-.-. '.'."'i c::'t
'J ho ooilcctioii of iHiu.-f'.i- .,'t."..
ilue or past lno, will recoil c V''-JS
rp i: scan lan, j
Carrolltown, Cambria Co...I'a- yiu.'1
ncr of Ictral tin.- ii:e -s attcii k J to ro
raxriuiij CXiicitiiB a iu.irt't-
T W. DICK. Ati-okxky xr
r
viisoursr. I a. i:h-- i- i to -Ail
niaiuur of b-al tuiiu-ss at f,?1 -U
fotirily anst collections h pecis-ti
T? J. WATERS ;'-''!';l
J has removoil to the oCM-i- r' -&iAlt i-f
pto-l bv Dr. E. H. 1'laitk. on tlupU.
Centre- Mrect, opposit Colcuaat
7-ILLIAM K1TTELL, Jrroi;
t
ii