THE OCKAX HANK FAILURE.
t:rionr ksi iia iiha ssm rxr or inn
ixiox hq v a nr. hash.
An InallluMon with Viiulla Full or Doubtful
finlrn nut I nntiiHnhlc "rurlllr
Thrown (till nl I lie Clenrlng Ilouac -In n
Kccrlvrr'ia llrtuils.
l or nutiic tune past 1 lie Ocean Dank list been
tunning I enlDd lu its Irltirinonis, find since Doc. 4
!u Um to lr.ikw.iril In etfecting Its clearance. as
to lead i he 1. ir.im House lo li.ttlvole an Intcstti.v
I on. 1 e Clc..riug llou C itumlttse In the Ocean
Dank' accounts faun A $114,000 past due loans,
A.fout l of piotcstod pel per was alia toun.1 on
hand, ui d among otter assets (1W,I) of Itio New
York li li.tins Company's nolo, an I $500,0.10 loans
pn Purtngt Lu'ae Canal bonds. The Coua.nllloe also
loin I ttn.iMltn tiotts among llic assets en lorscd
without reicnrso" by I). Itt i.'olph Uarlln, former
Prosldrnt ol tti Oaiun limit. Mr. Martin It In
Ctllfotma
tub pamk rxAKivan'ii rtrgR,
It also Icsrnrd that on Monday Ihe Dank of
New York Iri.t the Ocean Ilir.k 13,OJ0 anil look
tttO.OiV worih rf their best securities. Checks to
(ha smonnt o' t "0,000. drawn tir Win. II. Callender,
the National lluik Hx.imlr.er, end t'WOOO In dls
taunted notes In furor of the una centleman were
I'fo found among tho bank's aeeela. Concerning
these, Mr Caileniler says thai the cnecka ami obll
gitlons arose Iroui his eitort to negotiate loaue out
side lor tor benefit ot Hie Ocean Hank,
Outside of Ine Ocesn H.ttk and the general man.
litera of New York's banking Institutions, no une
eutcitalned a suspicion HI the anaky condition of the
Ocean unlit lesitrlay mommy, snd then the blow
fell line a thunderbolt on Iho President, oho, toon
afar the opening of the bank, was first told ol the
(.attention ot the Inatilatlon Irom membership of
las Clearing Home.
IHk CLEARING notjtg UIXIIXC1,
A meeting of the Clearing House Association w.ia
fceld nltli clo'ed doors In the Merchants' ll.uk nl t
o'clock, J 1). Vcrmlh6, 1'rcsidr.iii, In the chair, and
IVlllla n A, ('imp. Secretary. 1'ne verbal stitsment
f the ommlitce, embodied above, repreacnled the
Ocean Hank In tucl an unfjTorable aapect that the
Aaaoclatlon promptly ntted to amttln the action of
their CoiimlUce In suspending the bank. The
Ocean II ink wss then formally expelled from the
Cle.rlrg Home Association, and tne meeting ad
journed YestrrJay afternoon a Sun reporter rlalled the
Pcean Hank at Ilroadwar and Uarelay etrett, and
Itae conducted Into an Inner apartment, where,
ll.nost hidden br a rast pile ot nolea and papera,
lat Mr. Theodore M. Ilavla.
I undetrtand that the Ocean Bank haa failed and
bat you hare been appointed recelrer," tald the
reporer.
Von are correct," tald Mr. Dirla, Inviting the
Esi reporter lo a aeat.
wiat ina Rtciirta hats.
Mr Darltaald: The Clearing Ilouae Committee
?bo hare recently been examining Ibe accounts ol
the ban impended the Ocean Hank from member
ahtp Ihlt morning, and br circular notified all t..e
Hber banka The Hon. II. It. llulburd, Comptroller
af the I urrency, happened to be In the city, baring
tome on here from Waehlntton. Mr. flulburit
hcarlnt ol the action of the I'oiumlttee Ihoutht It
Lla dutr under Hie law to appoint a recelrer. 1 1 are
the honor of t eioE (elected.
Haa theie bem any excitement about your fall
ire r" tin"' led the rtporier.
s Mr. Hat i Not tne alinir.
lteporl.1! Vlmt are your nroaoeta!
Ihe ire tooJ," a.ild Mr. )aia. "The bank
nlll pay OTirr iitpoaitur In lull, dollar lor dollar,
I TOthout cabin; on the ttocknoldera, nho are r-
ponaible. Up lu 11 oMoc In Iho murnln the
bank paid eicrr cl.e.'k liande I to Ibe teller, and
I inppi only on nollScAtlon ot the action of the
U.earli c. iloua."
i "llo u jou account for your eaibarriatoientl"
aaked tae repuiter.
now nit iioxsr wai tiid rp.
WiaJI. tou eee, ni have .1 large amount ot money
lied up In leal estate, lay about t'AM.iaJU. whu-h la
not immeolile y avjiUbie. l'ne acuon ot Hie Clear
Inj llouie loo tie hank cfScere by eurprlae, aa
thty had not aniitipated It. iluilueae went on aa
uaual tlila inoioinr, but wheo we received the not.
Ocatlon. all the monor receive 1 from depoellora
after 10 o'clock naa lied In aeparate parctle to be
r'nrn.l to them The robbery ul the bank tn
June, 1SC3 n the Dnenwich atrect bul'.ulnc. by
Oaeil. wn-atevcre blow. Jhebank loal betneen
tiJ.OM and tno.OUO.
Mr l)iti-addcd that tlnce the removal of Hie
bank to llroaday the dcpoaila had been largely lu
created ma ni?o' a iximm i.h nil ntxtt.
Ilepoitei la Mr Titted one of yonr Dlrtctora f
Mi levd wa- one of the Itirectora," aald Mr.
DifK, out he retlanra a abort time ano. He
n vur all. ndrd any or the meetiuza, and the bank
had any of the city'a money on depoilt."
It torlei fan you give mo any dzuro J
N. I to-day," aald Mr. Uavla. 1 aha. I liumedl
tie v inaki- an examination, and In a day or Wu
n.ay be able to do au. I had no idei of the trouble
in! on my way dou, and when I enlered the h -.nk
ImKiirnl 1 would draw out my Utile fi.OJO, bin Ine
1-iler laturned mo my chscit, tayluj, 'we nlu'i niy.
ton lo-u.iy, J-., llirla.,,
lien aetrral calia were made for Mr. Dtvia, nn t
It ii f re crier w.ia about logo, Mr. ImvH aald,
li joa would obltire me by alatluit that all our
Cm i-.-tiona not lutraoailu.will be turned oter lolhe
I. ink."
TUt OCEAN HtNl's DtrlCIT.
1 h" iniiovtiiii- x dblt of the coodlilon of the bank
M il.i ii j pufii by the Cu-jrliu Ilouae laal Si'iir
W 4iv, ahotta i dfflcicuo of filt.KJ, oi over 6s per
nl i. m:
Aieta "-oercie IIWt.00
l.eijl ti,rtra '.a.oj- fao.no
LlAlill.iirt-Depotlta l.i(.fj)
i ri u iion 1.'J-IW1I03
tejal itiervc of ti per ccni. required by law....tysi,1ii
"ett J.A1 OJO
Dar iwTi-iJ
nit i.Mox agi-aux niNt'a nin ic'ULTim.
It i- reported yeHerday aflnuoon that the
ciiion -'U.i Il.uk r.ad been eiubarr.aeu bi the
aui'je ii,,(,ii r ibe Ocian Itink, out t' e rumor it nul
rih-il, ami u,e oncera deny am euiliarrat.melit
J'liiuiry at toe Oi-eau iia elicited the Inforui aion
that ire I uioii "ijiiare llauk cmtd the Ocean aauiall
anin ol uiuuti, tvi.icli it oad aaai orfarud to p),
ami that mere naa l reliably no truth In the rumor
ol It. antpeiKion. 'licL'uion bquarc Dank Ut ul
fad) made arr inge-nenit Willi Hie Snoo and Lea
m Hank, eo that Its nclnnin Kill not he Inter
tepted anoll er day. No Ion haa been sustained by
the I moil Square Hauls by tne euiptntluuof the
Ocem li'uk.
tttS.llOU TJtUJIJIULI.'l, JIOMJ1MIHLL,
Trtllnu (iraut'a Mncerlly luAdvocallna Itc
torin in the Civil oilo-An luveatlin
tlbn Uinl vlli iho Admlnlatralion.
Wtsm.sotON, lice. 13. Senator Trumbull'
Vatiilutmn to ralae a tpcclal commltteo to Inqulie
loio tli m.nnrr cf making oppolntments In the
civil teivico Las frlthlened the Administration, to
tnt a nut.ua of lla special friends naa held lait
U(b and Unas decided to ematculate U or dsfoat i
at oo' i- A projramint wat airreed npou and carried
out to lay b) getilug up a Republican eaucut nnd
laviiK lutvn a lint of action wnlch aliould l a teat
P 0jly.
Imii 'u ueiy on tb meeting of the caucut Sen 'tor
C .'n i attacxed the rt-olutiur. and charge! ti.sl
h-tnfi i liombull at trying lo dcatroy or ln)uia
(i itr iniiuittrallon. and that he waa not acting
k lu io.j I ,,-.ii To ti.lt Mr. Trunibull replied v. lib
tjv i r II. dulrnded bit course or action, anJ aald
T la'. :nuil bo iitt Intide or outside of the
I'i'T. a jiMTtl rambling dlacuttlon ttas gone into
i lli'f I Vnstnra. It waa charted thai the beat
t'-it'i nt I'oinuiitleii waa only a Junketing
t'uui. n v. Inch did no good, tfmitor l'attrraon
I 'i' i n i.. lui h i aaved at leaat fifteen mil-
I 1 mi ar-, and tne records would show li.
I 'An nun Hi. tin ally made in the Internal of
i '.laiion by w.ilch ihe rraoluibin will to-
linn ,r rulcrred to the Cuiiinilllet who leccut y
I u... oirimituet, ail. I Ihoy aro lo any what
ir.ulunoonli.il be pitted and who alia.l
t j'i In r i mumee. There ure enough liepubil
tin r i t, Admlniatratl'in inlt-real to
it i t, sull themtelvet. Nol hulf n
l-t'i. ii, uolcm. will go viltl) Mr. Trumbull.
t-miil tinlna lor Akt ruiiiu'a Hcalp,
Wui. ,roy, Deo. 12. The 1'realilciit lias
iiffliialiv Inlormid by msrnbera of tho
l;ir. i ,,,ri t tiut ihe rebel Ueueral Akrr-
m f tltive diauia'e to the tiuvcrnmcnt,
'al .i tm most Important luttietlt of the Gov
fain, t tin belli ronlinu'.ll) nindred on ac
jjiunt i ini'ompm no The I'real lent replied
ti... i n i. h ,tt to bilng about a critla with the
'oil. in a. iri.iiiiii 'a ho graced lu alarTaa well
a i,i mil au.y that he will dec.de u on Aaer
ya.- i tutor thla week, and lu order to thow
I i, i 'oukiiie. oul foi electoral vuie lit now
tili i like either i benator iViliianu or As
t ;lt,. ,.n t-y Id neral In ittow o( Kentucky
(P Thr l.rhiKh .tlluri Trairritr,
p lift la.- I'.ttrick F. (lildet liaa
J J"1 if ll,e mi rier of lloriin rotvll. lue
li i'. y'a n, hi bun f.uder la about DU
I rrnolpriv nit good landing
.i w i.n 'i n and itgeiierilly
v n pi vt ma' and "It the
'It lllal It Ul OU" 10
1 ..ill,
a u a si's n aw r if a m 1 1. r.
The Poller hent lloty In lltF Third, rnnrlli.
nuil Mxlli e-lnlil II I al I Ii 1 1 0 Id I'll ah.
lunid hlxlh Wiird 1'rlliiniy Kletlloue
llut no llloodtl.ril.
Tlio Ortnl primaries were tnM Inl nlplit.
The prlmari clec'.lon In the Tnltd Attcmbl) Dis
trict came to an abtupt termination Thert tie re
two tickets, ouo healed by John I. foley nail one
by Ihe name of Sidney Smith. At the opening o'
the polls at 110 0 jwery a largo crow A bsd irathere I,
and th fen policemen In atlendtnco, rf ho had been
mtr.moriecl there onlr a lew tnoni'i It previous,
lonnd themselves unabln to keep anr sort ot order
The voting took place oil the eerond floor ot the
building, Irouting on the atteet, and thd multitude
wayed and thouted ao at tn nitrart tne ulieutioii
ol thote pitting along the Ilowcry. until another big
crowd had gathered about the door.
Alter tne polls bad been open a quarter of an hour
the conlut. on became to greilthat too pol.cemen
aiopped the voting altogether, meanwhile niaklut
two arrests of tlisornerlt persons, one of who'n, an
officer aalj. bad bl.ly" In nia nf"ioo.
After a little rrtpltt another effort wat made logo
on In order, but matters becumo norae, and in tne
ecrambie that enaned tome reraont It waa aald wero
forced to Jump from tne wludowa Into the atrcet
Capi. Waith, hearing of this, wont to tho r'ace nnd
took possession ot me imxee
'lo a rrporter who call t on him, the Captain raid
that the row resulted from tne 'act that be had re
ceived no unllce that an election wua lo have taken
place If ha hud he could have eent men onough to
keep perfect order. Thoir Jumping tnrou u the
windows, aald the Captain, reminded mo of the. old
Sixth Wan primaries. Many ul those wnu attend
ed the primary were lucllned lo be quarrelsome, be
Ing quite Intoxicated
The Inspectors co-nphlnei that tne poll -e had no
rlrht to aloj t'ie voting, and claimed tnat all rti.uld.
hive been well If ibei bad attitt'd tnem In ox
Veiling thote who had no rig it lo lot.
Capt. Walsh sealed up Ihe Pi1 ot-toi. nnd lolds It
ready lor delivery on demand bt the A'aodatlon.
AKOTUSn (Jl'ARRf L.
The hallway and rooms o( the Fourth District lie.
pnblli-nu Association, I nil ;tat llroa.lvta), were
crowded laat evening at 7 o'clocit bv politicians who
were walling for the polls lo open and as the time
arrived and went past, and the polla at nil remained
unopened, the crowd at unpad and groaned tn a
hideout cuorua. The delay ol the opening of the
polla was canted by a difficulty aaoul nu Inspector.
At the l.'st primary election two tnapectura were
elected for a year One was David II. Crowley, but ho
baring moved oul of the lllatrlcl alnce loon, as It
la claimed, another naa elected In hla Head, and a
third, who thould.accordlng to Ihe Constitution, have
beau elected by the .cfilcert, viae appointed by the
rreeldent, Mr. K. H. Mewlni, who was a candfdalo
for reflection. The tupporlera of tie opposition
ticket, headed by the name ol Capt Charles H.
Urackell, claimed that this waa altogether Illegal,
and the couaequence wat thallne polla did nol open
until about lialf-patt eight, Ibon many ot the
friends of Capi. Ilrackett refused to vote at all. At
the opealng of the polla ruta waa made for Ihe
room In which the Inspectors were, tome penoat
having It In view to act ooaaettioa ot tno roll-book
but the police drew Iheir clubt, aud their lorce be
ing large, order was aoon reiiored.
1 he tl 'ket headed by Mr. Newlns wat declared
elected: hot the other arty ay they will contctt
the election.
a iitanp Contijt i nix iixtn.
The Tuwnsend Ilepublicsn primary election In
the Mitli Diatrict laal nlwl.t waa one ol the moat
hotly contested which Ihe district hassten for nituy
yeais. Ihe light In the hail uu l'rldar night rave
ILdlcallon of what Inlabt be expected list night, and
a tquau ol tlxteeu or aeventeen policemen ri ere at
the doora an 1 In the hall lo quell anr disturbance.
TbeC'rowly party atsembled early and aurroumled
the polla. Tne ill were orened, aud lals party
poured In their rotrt, and from that moment until
10 o'Joca the yelling, the oatoa, and tho shouts,
vtero Incesaant. At one time thtre were eleveu
policemen aroand the pu ling tab r, and all Ihrir
exertions could tcsrcely keep tlie c-owd Irom
breikini; Into open slolsnce. Aa 10 o'clock ap
proached the excitement increaed, t .o challeniiing
ft t let became mure noltt and riolent, the je Is
ami cheers louier and more deafening. INhcii the
polla were cloeM, It nasendent tail mere could be
no count of votes while the crowd was aeetnina
witli excitement and It "its piopoted to carry
the box to the Deiancey street police autlon. Altar
tome noisy discussion, the whole party, inspectors
Chairman and policemen, lieadel by Ituiino.uiaa
I.iner, marcaed oil to tne station, carry lug Ibf bat
lot Doi. Arrived at the alatlon, aJuilsaiou wua ali
aolutelr related, eo the crovU returned to the hall,
and the pollcs farming n solid stall around the uule,
thecanvutaof tle votes coinuitncej. Anolhtr dll
ncullv pie.enled iltell line. Tne Intpi-ctore or
Kier'lou tal not returned, and II w.a dnuhted
whether tue canv .n noiiio he ital. Mr Kip, stc
retary, aald that tucy ai.outd count ti e votea and
make au affldavit that the two missing Intuctora
had willully abaentea theratelves. The M-crelary,
Mr. Kip, l. Durand, Inipuclor, and C. Dilv, Vicu
l'resldenl, tutn cantassed the voiee, aud It waa
round thai the "Crowley ticket hat been ejected
by 111 votot to VI lor Ihe builtli tlckel. There
ault was announced at ball past It u'c.oca, and t.ie
room waa nut cleared till urarly l'J,
A TEllUUU.K MlSVAKK.
The Ciitnl Itetlle linn it .is round In l lie
Closet ot 1'iiolPi Ike ilortt-ninu.
C iriepon.ience of ih' tun.
I'oi'uuKcarsii, Dec. 12. The wirei reslerJ.tr
brltfly Informed you of the death of tleorge II.
Poole, of tbo town of Uackmaii, Dutcheas rounti.
He was well known as a l.orse fancier and stock
breeder, and ha.1 many acquaintances among horse
men throughout the BUte. The partlculara of hla
death are of a fearful chancier. Yesterday morn
ing he started from hla horn lor Clare llranch
Junction lo aee ahnut ao.no men he had to wulk.
Alter reaching the Junction r commence 1 ta
drink, and reiieaied at (Ij)luaJ and Moimville,
le:ic ilng home at 3 o'clocit in tl e alu-rnoon. Alter
aeelng to his Dorset he proceeded lo ilio house nod
eut lo a tloaet lo tel .tiioiher dunk. Hi nusiake
he got hold of a bottle of horau iiiejicine and li.i
bil.vd freely Irom it. Iinuu1 Intclr he waa tizd
with violent palm and iolchln.7, anl In ona hour
i' a corp.e, .mong otner thl.ica tue fatal bottle
itiiitained a Itrge qinutliy of the tincturt of arnica.
Ilia Itinera! will uko p.aco on Tuuradty.
The tllg llluck lllirliwii)iiiiiii Tlio Terror of
risinr C'ouiiiy.
Correspondence ot lln-."iiin.
Ito.M'ONT, Dec l!i. There" seems to be a per
fect ei ldeuilc of crime In Ulster county. Wuhln
the putt two or threo weeks three highway robber
lea have bren committed on the road leading from
Kingston lo 8 tit k III, a few miles from the fonuer
place, end another In the neighborhood ol Shokan,
ou the llondont und Oswego railroad,
The highwayman Is a black man of huge stature
He is trmid with a long two edited kr.ile, a it lies
111 wait tor hla rlctlint In the night time bt the road
aide. The other night a baker who waa pissing In
the neighborhood came near losing his li e. The
black Send Jumped upon hla waiun. and demanded
lilt money or bit llle, si hen the naker grappled with
him, and the two rollel off tho wavon togctner.
After n severe etrugirlc i o aurcce ted In Irotlng hlm
aelf from the desperado, who tlo The baker wat
badly cut In the lace and arms.
On Tucs.lay night lltriify Van Kieet, of fihoknn,
while ou hla way Irom the rsTlmvl iicpot lo his
i.oinr, was knocked down by an ununown man an 1
robbed 0' all tie money he had with him.
laflrraon Market Police .tlurilers-l.rl Ihe
Cruiul Jury Atlrnd to M-mt. .tlcl'omb.
On MonJajr night OIKcer Patrick 1'ay, of tlio
Elubth arreated U'len KyberU on a charge oi dli
orderlv cond'ict. Yetlerday morning he took her
to Jeffeiaon Market l'ollco Court, and w hllo she
vas before Justice tibaudley the tald something
t.vt annotcd I'ay. The poor girl was com ailtvl,
an ORlcer Fat was told tn take her doitn et.it. a lo
the vrlton. After he uad got out on tho old rnlifn
trl.ti,. und le iched th'a top of the stairs, lie put hit
baud H the bnck of the poor fill's head and sunt
her retting down to the bottom, She In.un -lively
km ted tue hand ratling end aated herself
ironi il atii on t m etono pavement below. The
same remar Vahle policeman, on halurd n night, nr.
retted a girl tVi a charge ol aleallng ilS froai a niau,
On the next ni vnlug lu Court he aatt the complain.
nl Halting lo ,take a complaint, ami straightway
caught elm by lh collar ami cuuduclcd blm to tho
prltooert' box anu'Jocktd tiim up
The hpnutali t'.'oiiaoi'a CubHii .Notts.
Havana, Dec. IS, -"-Jay and liinccl'nrwaiil tlio
regular troupj will garrison the Slorrn, I'abaua, and
I'rincipo lorn. In view of tha arrival of reinforce
nirnta from rlpaln Capt. flNi. Vnlmatedi contldera II
Just lo relieve the vulun-eeM from thla arduoua eer
vice. He lhanka them for ihe munner In which they
hate performed their duilea fa garrlaon during the
past two years, tipaln will send to Cuba thla mouth
four battalions ot troops flora Urn regular army ol
Spain, besides tho ten tlioutand reintorcemcutt
whb'li are to follow within iiuo yeax.
hi flor Moreno, the new tiovcrnnr (if Havana, hat
begun the work of tupprea.lng Ilia gaaihllng houses,
pcraontllr superintending lh war tagamet them,
He has alroady closed lvo,
I'rl llnlateil'a .llunlrrrr Itrprlf veil.
Tiir.NT'J'C Dec. 12 Oeorge llotls, aontcnceil lo
be hanged at Newark ou the Hist Inst, lor the mm.
der of I'rl HalsteJ, has been reprieved by the Gov
ernor, niululv through the eflorls ol the Itev Hlincon
!siglrisd. until l''ridar. the !Mtb ol January. Oov.
Itandolph t.gned the papera till alternooo.
Mra. Whnilon'a Trlnl (nr (tlurJcr.
In tho Wi'iuttou Kr-lolium trial In Annapolis
eeateriay, A A Kp inwapo dl, an apotliectry, le ,t.
(led that on MoudayJ(fiie HI, hu sold to Stra, H bar
Ion sin, gialiie of tartar emotlc Tina win two or
three rtaya pi lor to the deatu ol 0n, KetcVum In
Hit, Wuai'on'a b'auta 1v poiiaj,
LAND OF THE FUEK.
Jill! irOHKItMMEN CUJt.VnilTXQ MA-
Xi unit km co.v .if i ssioxr.it a.
Ilnynr llnll Ailrollly Kerpliu Out or I hi'
Wnr-Thv orkliigmrii (loins nrloir
(In. llntTttinn-Tlie roller llonril Hhotvn
the lurnnaltieiicy ol lla Osrn Action.
1'ollce Commissioner Manleiro taltl ycttirdnT
that the order for tin prevention of the Interna
tional luneral w is allll In force, but Hist the DoxrJ
would probably tsko no further artlon until near the
close of tho sitck. At noon a delegation ctlled on
the Commissioners, and arrangements were mads
lor an Interview at 4 P, M Mr. Smith not being
present. The delegation Intimated that the Work
ingmen of Sew York siould march In funeral pro.
cet'lon, police permission or no pollen permission.
At 4 o'clo-k precisely Mr Joseph Mraass ushered
Into the presence of the Commlstloners Metare.
TbeoJoro 11. Ilinkt, A. Francois, A. Ktauraud.
V Nicholson, T. Mll'avd, and W. Hubert I'resl
tlent Smith. Judge Ilostvorth. and Messrs. Manlerre
and lltrr wire In council. Mr. Smith informed the
delegation that the Commtsslohf ra were rsid to
bear any communication they hid to make. W
Mr. D.Dlts stepped forward aud said!
"Our-communication shall be brief, gentlemen.
We are a committee appointed by the Worklngmen'a
International Assocltllon to call upon you. and lo
request that you will revoke your order trohlhltlng
our participation In a luuural In this city cu Sunday-President
Smith Ilefore answering that, we have
toniloyou a question. The Hoard is not full, one
member (tl e Majot) being abtatit. If you can stall
until to morrow at 4 o'clock he Mill bo pretent, and
r.e can then give yon an antwer. Tlx Mayor hit
exrteaaeJ a desire to be here, and in his ahseuro we
cannot give a dvcUed auswer. He It unavoidably
abssnl.
Mr Hanks We called this morning, aenllemen,
and nere directed to come firito this afternoon. A
tub committee has been appointed by the Associa
tion to proceed at once to Albany for the purpose of
conferring "villi the Oovernor upon the subject,
Uuless you cau give us an answer now, we iliall
proceed to Albany at once, according to our Untrue
tlont.
Judge Itotworth We sent a notice to the Mayor,
snd lie expressed a desire to be here, but he bit sent
word since that be is sick, and cannot be present
Mr. Smith I think we cannot well act without
the Mayor.
Mr. Hanks There are four of you gentlemen here
In our meetings we always act It a majority Is pre
eent, Now unlets is csn get an answer at once,
we must proceed to Albany. Surely a majority of
the Bojrd csn give us an ansntr.
Mr. Smith You can't gel an answer to-day. (A'
ter a pause) Hut we are raaly lo hear any argu
ment you have to offer. I you wish looffirauy.
Mr. Hanks We have very little to aay, sir In the
stay ol argument. Ocrlnalruc'.lona are to wall upon
Lie (ioternor, and tie mutt go at once, unlcaa you
cau give nt an answer.
Judge llotnortr I'ue Mover hit exprettej a de
sire to be here, and we cau give no answer unless
he It preseit.
Mr. Htiiki We have walt"d on the Mvvor. gen
tlemen, but ne comd not tin I him In hla ofJIce; In
deed, we could nl And him stall. Now, mil I
res; ecru lr ask lr. nheu yuu published lb it oriK-r
prulilhitipg thai luntral iiiaJo, tne Miyor Wat
here
Judge ltotworn No; a qnoruin ran alwaia act
In such ta. Ilui Lie Mayor 1. is exnrtMSod a de
sire to ha here, nnd vto cannot give an answer with
out be is heie.
Mr. Itiuks Well can he he summoned here in an
hour. Wear "til in; t" ai! uu lo'ttr.
Julge Itosnortn, 'peremptorily) He can't be
here, no Is sick
Mr. Manlerre We cau do nothing whateror with
out the ireseuce ot uu Mujor llonetrr, II yoj
with to conlrr 'as:to tie proposed delay until lu
moirow at 4 o'clock. ou ran go Into another room.
'1 lit. delviiat.on tl cn went Into Conimitaioner
Itarr'a oQco lhuy reiinlned abiut Ave minulus iu
conference, and on ttelr return Mr. Hanks aslj
According to the Iti.tru-ttona whlcn we have re
ceieed fioiu the org.u.ix aiou. tto bavu derided. In
ihe atstno of any acti n on t'ie part of the Pone
Comii.istioners.t i sreitho Uovetntir Of c mrse. If
mere it n.y at'.lon wn.co imi v.isn to tak yoi can
do so, but snouid you not tik act i n. C.cu we
bate dictded to see the tlovernor to ilay
Mr. Mai terra I belUve we cmnot take any ac
tion lu the absence of the Ma)or. but are wi Hug to
hear auvtning cNo you have to aay ou the auhjrt.
Mr. llaukt Iheu, gentlemen, we have simply
come hear to tisk your permission t) appear In u
luueral. We comeheieae noiklngmen forlbatpur
potr, and we say that as workingmcn we consider
ourselves outraged by vour prouibitiou. You psr
milled military urga ilxatioaa to pass Hnougli Ihe
streets at tue a. une poor and for tie aime purpose
Now we nol 1 that If auy organ izu.on nat a runt to
para le in Ihe slreelt or tint great city for sun n
puiPuse, It Is the organization of Ihe worlugmi-ti,
und (with cmpbikls) especially on tho l-'irth av. nue
racecourse tAltrr a autc.) You cannot give us
la answer to day!
rrestdeut Mniiii No,
Mr Hanks Ihcu no shall procaeJ to Albau y at
on CO
Tne delegation then retired.
ovit Mii.iTAiir nt:sforis)i,
A Trmlt'H I'nloiilsl lmprlaoiird bucnuae tbo
Comitl roller Iiiin tin .llniii-y.
In June, 1670, Mi. J, V. Urowninjr enrolled
himself in Company K, Nlulh H'glinent, New Yolk
Slate militia. Lieut. Hacoii proposed hla name, and
he waa promptly rltcted. At tne ranie time Le
held a position in the l)e; irtmenl of Huildlnea, He
waa also Secretary of tlio Hrlckl.t)t-ra' Nation .1
Union, ami hit duties, In fiat ofl'.c.' required I'lin to
he abseut from tho city and Stalo aaver.il daysevery
month. n consequence of thla absence he coull
not attend the rtg'ilar drills nnd meetings ol hit
cumpany. While 111 the cltr hu hat 'allod to at
tend onlr four or fire mct-Huge, for which
he os liable to a Hue. Capt. Spencer, Commanding
Company K, assttd Cuts agalnat him for every
absence from drill, theflr.es lu the aggregate being
about (Hi. He wua also fined fur bclnr absent from
tno lunrral fO lor each. Mi. Drowiilrg insists
Ihit I e it not liable to tlio beualtles while he ttas
ahsei.t Irom the Slate, At Ine tlmea of Ihe funerals
he waa lu Washington ell), whrro his lumlly has
been living lor almost a tear. Hut to retjln his
place In the company without reproach, he Is iiIIls
and trequeutly haa etpreaatd bis wllllugnesa to pay
all the Cuts as aoon aa he ran get lu money Irom
Ihe cltv; but tl e l ite municipal earthqmko has de
prived him of several months' pay. ami Comptroller
Ureen can give him no money, 'lherelore he could
not pa) Capt. Spencv'a aaseistnonis and Hi it oCi
cer )eslerdu) alttrnoon had Mr. Drowning com
milted to Ludlow atiect Jail.
Mr. HrovtnlUK sees more ol the bottom of his ar
rest than a mere military roplnjat'a enforcement of
a liitlcrout law of the State. During tne Orange
riot In July last, Capt. Spencer and Lieut. II icon,
both of Company K, had an altercation, and charges
of cowardice IUw about ill the coiuiauy. Soon
alleiwanl. Cart. Spencer started a petition among
ihe mimbeia lor the resignation oi Lieut, ll.icon,
Mr Drowning wou'd not tlgn it, believing that II
there w.t nay cowardice during the riot, Lieut.
II icon win not the coward. Mr Drowning thinka
t'ul Ins loiusal to -Ign the petllluu annoyed Capt.
ripenror, nnd ihut in war ol revenge the Captain
li.s Hung hi ii into Jail Warden 1 1 ucy It treating
Mr. I'lottuii g very h indso noly.
hevriitreu I'ri-aoiiH l-'roren to Drnlh,
fir. I.-tt is, Dec. IU. A cmtU'iiun who arrived
lu Khiisus env on Siturday lait, iniormad ll'.t Kut.
sas l lly 'iinmmil the Bund ty previous a pirty of
umlgrablt with their lamlllcs were patting through
the county ttestwurd, and encamped one piece of
high prul no, aevural milea irom an) house.
Three miles from them waa a piece ol timber l.nul,
Alter unhitching their teams me men atarled for the
limber to procure luel. Not reiuinlng or soveial
hours the ttouien li ft ilunr children anil ataried lo
hunt lor them. Thla Is ull thai is known, tato thin
the lull day the bodlea of suvi'iiteou persons who
perlsncd from Iho Intense cold worn lounil Tho
children who were left in tho wagons vtuiu ine onlr
suivivoia of tno party.
1 4 1 ('it t l il otii lluuenilitle,
lloXESnius, Dec, 12. Tlila uflcrnoou a flro
broke oul In Ihe basenicut of Hartley ft llagera'a
hardware alure, on front strool, and he oro it
could be cxtlngiila'ied the store was consumed
together ilth W. H. llolmea'e grocery, Dr. Hrady's
drug time, V M. Scott's hoot ami shoe store, and
Jacob Miller's clgir atore, Thoantlru block wai at
one time In dangor hut wna tavi'il hy thu oxer Ions
of the llit'iuen and citizens. Duraud Torrey'u ex
to-slvo vtholeaale hoot and shoe store adjoining
HolmnOa baitly otraptil. A portion ol thoir stock
wat damaged, The total loss will re ic i 150.1100,
Coiilll ninlloiit by the Simitle,
John W. Dou.lats, t'oiiimittiontr ot Internal ltv
eniiu Cliettcr Arthur, t o'l-e'or of Cnttonit t sew
)orki rascal II. Kidder lolo-cioror Cnttonit at Hun
Ink.N t" i lldttan'tl llitdi irt. I'n'ied Mates Juilae
lor lite Dlstrli I ot Delaware, lleoige Uancrofi, Karpy
l.xiraord naiy and Minister I'lenipolomiur) lo tlie
German Knipnei I'luniua HWdle ol Pennsylvania, Mm.
mer Ite.i lrnt it Mlva nr t liarlea c l.aaiiian. Kx
ainlner ol Claims for irn D'-Ptt l cut of i- alu i lib hai'i
I Mhaiinnn, nu- naiy nl 1, gatpnt ut Itranl, I II
Hri'tver ofCon i r ru t n si a ai I'll a 'lit II 1. t inn
nfAlanania, I itill at Ho ile .1 shell o i II It. bmitn,
buneyor olCuHout at u.uaua, Nsb,
irrr MViwnn ix vt.stiui covxtt.
HntnritnT Nlntit Ituin Trngedy In Itoarn-dolo-TIm
Work orn Hemoii-TUe Arreel
ol the lllonilllilrntr llontler.
Corretiionitenceof Tat sun.
HoNDOfT, Dec. 14. Tho latest Iiorror In tlila
conuty Is a fiendish wife murder, perpetrated last
night In a r mill vlllgie called Hock Lock, on the
line ol Ihe Delawaro and Hudson Canal, about esven
nilealrom Hon lout. On Btlurdaj Thomas Dalgln,
an Irishman omploretl In Clesrwtler'a eemant
qmrrr, stent to Ttoaendile, tiro miles distant, and
aer drinking froclr, rotnrnod homo el 8 o'cloc'z
Inloxlcnle.' lie was In good 'humor, and ho and
ill wife, Uotsnna, conrersed for aomn time ploes
aolly. Alter preparlag aopner she went to the well
for a pnll of wuter. Dalgln follow e.l her, ami
Iloiinnaseelng I Im np.iroixhlng, asked In a uleat
ant way whel'ier he wsa coming lo assist Iter, llo
replied la an nngrr voice thsl l o would kill lier.
Dargin then aelxej her and attempted to
TUBOtV lit a down tun tvtLt.
A atrnrgle ensued, which resulted In Roaaont
breaking looae from blm, but not bofore ho had
dealt her t fearful kick In the aide. She O ed shout
ing murder, tni fought refute with a neighbor,
Jin, ileKinley, tvhooccnpiel tne upper looms ot a
hooeo near by. Mrs. MtKlnler give her a seal by
Ihe store In an easy chair. Soon Dargin entered
the room, an I tilling tits wife Horn the chair at
tempted tn place heron the red hot cooking atove,
declaring hit Intention to
ROAST ItIB ALIVE,
Mrs. ItcKinley, however, fruttrited him. He
then t new Itoaann violently to une corner of Hit
room against the wall, saying mat he would kill
her, and selling a elialr began Jsmmlna Ihe lege of
It down on rrerhead lo n fiendish manner, the poor,
hWpiess rrenture pitifully tiezglng b.m to desist.
Mrs McKlnley at thla ran ont for help, shouting
murder.
Mrs. Dargin by a series of almost superhuman o'
foits finally resci.ed a bediooin adjolraag. and en
deavored to lock the door i but Dinrln, renewing
Ibe tttaull, forced It open, and began with Increased
Inutility to wreak his veuireani-e on his ttlfo Seiz
ing hsr by the hair, be dragtre I her round and roond
Ihe room, and when the became unable longer to
realal hojumped upon her tenteieae body,
CRI'SQIMQ IN mi HIPS,
ami Licked her until the wis black and blue and
b'eedlng from head to foot. Having thus made sure
of hla victim, he seized her b) tne legs, draa-god her
like aalauihtered beaat luto a cornsr ol the room,
and went nut of the house.
Mrs. McKlnley aoon returned with assistance, and
Mrs. Darrln waa carried below to the apartments of
Owen Gallagher, and Dr Hoblnton was summoned.
Soon Dargin appeared at the uoor, which bad bcea
l ickel. and demanded admittance, ttelnt refuted, he
kicked la tin panel; but aeelug Oallagher ataadlng
trim Ail IN tlAVo
raited ready to fell libit to tne ft or In use lie at
tempted to force hla way In. i ll-l. Shortly after
ward he returned the re- 'tine; but belne.
warned that If he attempted enUr he would be
killed, he Doally rellnqu sur.i is tn arte, and wect
away.
On Sender morning Mra. Dargin became con
clout, and requested lu he plu-cd In a chair near
the tlore. Aflrr ben g aeated, slit asked lor a glatt
of staler, and explrru.
thomas DARoit, mi urjitntuia,
wat arreted on Sun Jay, anl todxed in Klnraton
ji.l. He la about SI yttrt of it', and It lepretcuted
at a detperately bad man. 11- wtat mnirlsd ab ul
two years ago .to Itutauna. II -n a ttd.n wiin mo
chlldion, aud by her i- has I a I u.i In ,1 llosaiuia
It said lo hate been an lnl.,li;eut tvuniau. aud a
kind aud lilcctlonato wife.
"UOD'j IIX I'll i:ss II A X.
Hold .llcditla TorCrl; Uuiltieera nnd Silver
.Mrdnla far Kilo I'lremru.
I orrespondenoo of 1 ha tun.
Pout Jxuvit, Dee. 1'.'. Col. James Fisk, Jr.,
It presenting magnificent gold medals to the en
gineers who menosute'ed the lightning Chicago Ke
ller Train tvio months tgo. The Sremtn are to re
ceive silver medals, last week Ibe first gold medal
was presented bj Col.Irlsk through Supsrlnlendent
Haclior to lUg reer l"vy Q.-oeo or Port Jervia.
Mr Orveo ran the Hel I Train over tho ce.cbruted
Delaware Division, Since then Lnglneer Samuel
Walker of the Usstern Division and others have re.
ceived the medala. Sam aays the people all along
the lino called the train "dot's Express," and
tpoke of Col. l'ltk ss "Qod's Uxprestman." The
meda'.a bear on their (acot a locomotive, over
which appeals In Niised letters
CHICAQO IIKblur Tl'iAlN.
On the oppotlte tide of Mr. (J r feu's medal Is the
rul.owiuu
i rraentd to
I1KNIIV lll.Tl.S
nr
COL. JA'II-.S FHK. Jr Vice-President
Krle Hallway Coninauy,
For the skill and Jadzment nfsptayed nr lilm In
running trie Chicago Itvlkf 1 rain Irom Port Jer-
vlt to bii'queaaiina, Oct. II, l!l.
On the pin from which the meJal la suspended Is
Ititcririt J:
i 11II1K IIAII.TVAV.
1 he folio ing letter acco r panlsd the girt I
Nrw Voux. Dec. I, tall.
llinrv Or'tn, Knglnt'r Erie Aalht'iv
Daan Sir i Accouinaniing this note I hive the plea
sura lo hand you through Mr I, D Hucaer, Onaorai
Superintendent, a gold medal with auitaale mscrlp.
llou. prepait-tl expreialy for tou aa a testimonial of my
appreciation ol vour skill and Judgment tea rutin nz the
engine which drew the Clueaio Iteilrfl riin" over
ine Drlanara dlvulonofoar road, Un. II, mi.
Vouia very tlillr.
JAMho Klaii, Ja VIce-Prcildent.
joiix kixq's two wirr.s.
Wcilillni the I'lrat ss bn llruuk nnd iho
fecoiiil Mhni ober-Thf Jury tslvlug him
this Womttn ol bin Choice.
John King was placed ou trial vostcrday In
flie City Court of Iliouklyn before Judge McCuo
un a charge of blgamv. The first stlfo was sbout 40
jears ot age perhaps eight or ten yetra older than
the huthaud she claimed. She tat'lAod that the
waa married to King on Sept. II, lSt;B, a'ler an ac
quaintance of two months and oleven days, He loll
In r 1st 0 da) s alter the marnag. The second wile
let'lrlrd that she was married to King fourteen
months aro In Unwanuus; that si nad lived with
him ever since, an I that he had beou a good bus
oand to her. During her testimony her voice was
choked with sobs, and the teira coursed down her
c'leeke. balewlnElhe nial and lace of a pr-tty littlu
b-iby, the offinrlng ol her love lor her vtlld youag
husband.
Kims himself was then placed on the stond, an I
gave all ihe details oM.t interrour 'with tie wo
man who Calmed lo be his Dial tti'e. Ile aald he
went to -ff her about hulf a dozi-n limes, and lint
one Sunday nlzht 'ie sot hi ji drunk, kepi In in so
for a whole di). and the next Monday plain took
him before a priest whllo still intoilr it-,1 ami al
most senseless, ami there something ttas gone
throngh wllh, of which ho had no knowledge. Ho
could not tell whelhor he ha I buen married or not.
'1 he Jury, alter au ah'ence ol ahout llfteon min
utes, returned a vridlci of not guilty. When the
verdict was announce I, King'a lolF-poitojsloii left
him eilrry. Ile hurst Into tears, convulsively
crasped the haiina ol his counsel, made a profoul
now lothejury, anoihir tu tno Court, and at jl,
when told lh.it ho w.11 ilt;nrgol, dopailoj wild
the "woman of Ins choifc art J hot little one.
dtixu Amu: itu.iUMiii:.
A Woman Dosed tilth liiiuitiiniiiii nnd I'io.
a-en la lliuth,
Corretpondeace of The sun,
KiNQSTox, Y., Dec. 11. Kliifjalon was ex-
led on Sunday, On tint day the Poormaslor tvue
In ormed that a young woman vtas lying noirlr uojiI
0 i the l'latbuth rond ut outaido the village llo
a', onco repaired to tho spot, and t lu-1 o found one
Mary Klltworth, aged 19, lying on the gioiipil, uiidnr
lio I nllui uco ol laudanum nnd noaily frozen to
dialh She waa taken In charge, and brought lo
Itondout, A suigeun tvas aiimnioned, who an
pounced thai alio waa in a critical condition, ami
would very likely die, On this Inforiiiailoii the Cor
oner was eent for, and the tin's statement taken,
It appears that alio had boon aeduci'd. under prom
ise ol niurrligr, by a man named Itlthurd Sober,
I'or some tim pa. I aim re tided at Kuigsiun, hut pre
viously nt Hurley She besought htr b. trayer to
make amends, but ho laughed nt her, and nrtiially
I'lidoavuird to nave hrr placed In the Poor llouto at
a paupi r of III rnpiito AI laal, fronrnd by hla
heaitle.s cruolty, alia took two omires ol hiiJanuni,
and laid hetbelf down hy the roadside to die. b!in
aas If Iho laudaniiDi did not kill .mr aim invant to
CQtotlucpnnd freezs to tleatli, There uiu strong
hopes ol her recovery
l'nlliii-i-a lu Hip Cellou Uarltrl
Tlio bat of last oreiiing sa a that tin co full
met have been nrucutlly aininiiiu'eil at the t'otton
Kxchaiigu, namely, MiIIIhiii P Wright Alio., 03
und If! I'eari street, Ado.ulius C Schauter ft Co
111 Water street, and J l.eaycralt, bO Wall atreel.
Wright Co. plate their imlcbleilncs al JU.li.io.
and aro ready lo compound nt fifty centa on the
dollar S nacfer A Co., and Mr Li ayrralt di cltro
t'lemselvcH uu ible to atuto lliu sum ol tin ir u'll ig
Ions, and prolaaa cti'oflil c iul.,,r.i )'i -.t
ti viilit lueir ciWiloii .uJ cuhuiuj butiuts,
Ul'E IN THE METIIOI'OMS.
hashes nr,iti; '.ii riir.ni: nr Tilt)
At.VM HKVOUTKUS
A .Vnlnrlnna Tlrhel Stvlndler llntllitlril In
Itnldr Iho llliirhsiiillli'n Snlnon llotr
tlio 1'nllcei linfnree llin Kxclee l.nsr.
About half paste o'clock ycitcrdar inoriilng
tie cry of "Murder" and "Police" from Wlili-tin
Virley'sden lu Ilroadwar, ne ir Hntiilnn street, at
traded a largs rtowd They wero luring n dctpcr
to fight Inside, Not a pollretmm wss tu be seen lor
Macks around In about half an hour a man cover
ed with blood sleppoJ Irom His saloon, with two
others, They made their way to the Prlnco ttrrnt
station an 1 Inquired for a surgeon, Tho wounded
man gate his nunc as Eugene Valentino, and sail
that ho was boarding al tbo ltcrere House, On the
arrival of the surgeon It vtas aacorlalnol that In ad
dition to aevcral eevcro contusion! about the head
nnd lace. Ihe rim of his right car had been bitten
oD, tne bridge of his nose bitten throngh. and a por
tion of his lower lip had disappeared. Valentine
refuted tn disclose the name of his assailant, but
simply declared l it ability and intention In get even
with Iho tenon woo bud tr aitnjrtireil Mm.
Valentine, heller known aa Qruey, ttas fotmerly
a pertner ol tho notorious Henry McDcrmott. the
ticket swindler, recently eenlcrici.il lo Sing sing for
five seats. Ho wat tho proprietor of a swindling
gift enterprise on HroaJwav, near Cortland! atroet.
When his placo waa broken tip by the police he went
to Unci, anJ remained until about one week ao.
Then he came to tins city an t engaged board at lk
Itcvere House On Monday night ho rot orunk, nnd
in tue cooree of the evening foun J hlm'elf In Var
ley's saloon. He remained thero drinking nnd play
ing cards until dayllgnt. He became involved In a
quarrel about the game, nnd a fight ensnd. As he
rt-lused lo make a complaint, he was permitted to
go lo the holel aftrr his woun Is h id been ilressod.
1 bo dep kept bv Iteddy Is know n as a break o' day
house. Too doors of the eslabilnh ntmt are always
opon, yet no effort hat been made by the police lo
enlorcelbe law.
Mon. .lullen'a I'llalit-lloiT lie Itobbo.l the
.tlnalelnneol Iho T2ritudDiike'a Ilea II.
Tlio Aaclieubtodel Vcrcin, a society composed
of first-class city musicians, met In their rooms, It
fourth street, )eslerday afternoon, to tike action
npon the case of Mont. 3. Julien, the leader of Ju
lien's baud, who bar absconded with orer (3 000 ol
the money due them for tnutjc fornlihej during the
visit of the fJrand Dnke. This Includea the Nary
Yard ball, the ball In the Academy, and the Hudson
Hirer excursion.
Mcins. Jullen rrcelred Ihe money on Thursday
last from Ibe lteceptlon Committee, when he prom
ised the musicians that he would par them oil' on
Friday lo their headquarters. They assembled ac
cordlngly, but he did not make hit appearance. On
Saturday tie headquarters waa thronged again, but
Jullen waa still misting. It was atrertained that he
had quitted his hotel on Thurs lay, and had cot
afterward been teen. It Is believed that he has lied
to Canada,
Yesterday a complaint was entered agslnttbim In
Jerlerion Market Police Court, and a warrant ob
tained lor hit arrest, hut of course without result as
ye The amounts dne Ihe different mu'lclont vary
Irnra W lo f IXJ, and aouie or them are sadly In
need ol their money. It la charged that Jullen
played a auuilarai urrlloua Irlcl before he left Lno-il-ni.
The Aschembrodel Intend lo prescut Indl
rldual bills to the Alexia Ileceptloa Committee,
A Prominent Calllnrnlan Pound In Ihe
ltlver.
The body of au unknown man, apparently
about fifty years of ace, waa lound floating in the
Kast Hirer on Monday by Patrick Lvont, and con
veyed to the Morgue. It wit Identified latt evening
at that of J. U. Turklngton, a seaman, Die ol the
steamer Portsmouth, lying tt the Navy Yarlr. He
left Ma boarding honan In Hudson avenue, Brooklyn,
on Sunday afternoon, lo visit friends In this city,
but did not reach hit destination. The dtcoased
man r, at of remarkable ability, and at one time took
a prominent part in tne political affairs In San Fran.
Cisco, He wat a candidate for Mayor of that cltr
several yeara ago. Habitual drlektnc lost him
friends and lortune, and he enlisted In tne ntvy, In
which he remainel until three ttrags ago, when ne
arrived al this pert. Since that lime Le lias been
conttaully under 11m liiflui-iiee of strong dnuk. nr.d
tt is aupiKisi-d ho nas ull.n overboard irom oue of
iho f rrlos whl e lu tnat condition, at there are no
marks of violence on his bo ly. iVlnle in the navy
he saved several hundred dollars, which Is deposit
ed Inn r-tvlngabink In this city, but It It be'.Lud he
hat oo relallrei ta claim it.
Wnrden nreniiun'a .llnrrloce TtroUcn on",
llellevue Hospital wat a scene of itproanofls
laughter on Saturday evening. "Sieve," a dement
ed employee of the Institution, insisted npon marry
lug one of the paupers. Warden llreuoau had re
peatedly humored him In hie whim, by promising to
procure a pirtner lor him. At Inst Ihe Warden told
htm that be ha 1 been successful, and would marry
the happy couple on Stturday evening, At the ap
pointed time the blushing bride and bridegroom en
tered tho laundry, whore the ceremony waa to be
performed, and everything being In readiness, the
Warden read the certificate ol marriage, and was
nbout to pronounce the couple hutband and wife;
but gravely looking about, lie atfce.l whether any
one objected to the marriage Instantly two men
oPJected, each chiming the womtn as his wile.
Sieve, the picture of despair, suddenly nont for one
of the men who ohected. The room rnng with
lauxhtttr ut old blMedivt-tlcd himself of his wedding
coit and proceeded to lay the man out. lie was
Itnally cooled down by the merry warden, who
promised a tnoiough luvesilgatiuu ol the objecllous.
Tim King of Counterfeiters In n I'ulr Wuy
lor Mate I'rlaou.
The Dial of Joshua 1). Miner for cauutcrfeiting
was contluued )etterday. Judge Henedlct over
ruled Ihe objection made hy Mlnsr's counsol the
day previous as to rertalu evidence by Henry C.
Cole, and that witness's testimony waa continued.
He ratified to numerous tales of counterfeit mo.ier
made to 1.1 n by Miner one of whicn, made lu June
last, was of f'.'i,0i In rnunitrft.il tens, for which
Cole cava Miner fl.PuO This ante took place in
Miner's liouso, whrio Miner' wiio lay dead at the
time, liua alatement produced a testation In
Coui t.
The.Iuror Threatened tilth Lynching.
Mr. l'leld applied to Jti.ljo I'reedmau in the
Superior Court, special Term, for leare to examine
James O'Unen. The aftlluvlt set out that Janes
O'Urltn.gho held out to long for tlio defendants In
the ault tWtvIt against Smith, Mould, Martin ,t
Co., and 1 ith X Hellion, nas charged by his fellow
Jurors with hating been bought, which was untrue,
aud waa coerced thai his deposition Is needed by
the defendanta for u.o on u motion to set aside Ihe
vardici, but thai he refuses lo give II. Judge
Frt-euman crantod the order, an, appointed Joseph
Meeks le.etee lo take his deposill in.
An I'll t Mile Dutr tlory.
Christian Dolnlnger, tif 111 Attorney street, is
proud of his fine dogs, William Koch frequently
invited lilm alter lodge meeting to his euloou lu
Stunun street, and there thor talked of dogs, espe
cially of one which Delninger described ns the best
in New Yolk, and viort i Koch subsequently
bruko opoii tlio cellar door of drltlliu and took
from hit coai-hin his llnesi pups, nn I on the second
visll Ihe nmihsr of tlio doir., lo ivlng one siek pup
I t-Mud. Oil Ihe la.t ri-it hv wus airc.U-d ttitu thu
n oil., i in ids potos8ioii. Koch t cn.umittoii
nithoul bail )csUldar, on a rharge ol buigury.
Allnr With,-,
Iliigh Miiinlcl stood at the bar, and TV. li.
Poller, n man tvhoao black face ttas relieved by a
Hugo mi into, wnlir p.iKli In the ceutre ol hit lore
ht-itd, took the stand. He sal.l that Mlniuck lu I
struck him with a pltcuer.
Jiisilco Dunlins Why did )ou slilko tr.lt siau
vtilli a pitcher I
Mtnnlck ell, Judge, I nus out all Iho iihrht be
foro at n wsko, and I tin ih't hail no break'iit, wli.'ii
1 lijpptiut-d lu molt him.
Justice Turn's no icison wli) ton should split i
mun In the head nlih a pitcher, l our mouth. 1'en-llenlriiy.
A Jersey in mi' it I'oclnl Picked nl 811,1111(1,
Yeslciday afternoon Mr. II. II. Phillips of
Printeton, N. J sold .Ills farm to Dan Mr.Mlch le'e,
the tin the. for fil.iKO, wiilcli ho received In bills
and placed lu hit pantaloons pocket. He after,
ward look a state at Hroadway and Cedar street.
Threo well dressed men entered the stage at the
time time, and look seals alongside of hint. Al
Lennnril street the Hire men alighted nnd ills., p.
polled. At taual Uriel Mr. Phillips felt lor his
moiie) It via gone. The pocket which had con
l nil, eel it was ;one too The police weie notified,
Tim Coiiiptrnll sp'n Dilemma,
A tnmibcr of contractors who linre nol i t
been paid by Comptroller Oreen for bulldin.' aw
ere and other nork, mot yesterday In It. v i
Hall to organize for Hie purpose of suing the lie I
deemed necc -are The amount due by the c ly to
Iciiilractms is estimated at t.' M'H hut li e t
ii in. i '.ions w in long agn ex aiui d, ana Mi
flo ii o sii'iim? imi ii .q,i -vd turn O u
ol i'J i,"?u!.- ,y. iia i a W 9f L ',WJ for ytvrk.
which wos flnlihed some time ago. The eontrac.
tors Intend lo make a firmal tleinsnd upon the
Comptroller for money before taking other steps.
Tho nirknini on Ihe Croton dtm are to be paid oil
ou Thuisday,
A llontler on IlliirUvrrll's lalnnd.
A queer nnd inonslions full is on exhibition
rear Iho bod hodtt. of the Almshouse Department
nn H'aekweil't 1 .1 ta l. It Is over seven feet long,
hss a large head, nn mormons mouth, and strong
Jans, covered wit'i a doubto row of carved, car
nlverout leelh, lll.e th fangs of a tiger. It has lirge
rlnhnlsr eyes, ss disproportionate at those which Hie
Chinee paint on the prows their wsr Junks, and a
sloiil body, scale, I and panoplied like a knight of the
mhtillo ages. This monster seized the halt of a fish
erman w ho was lebsterlng lu tne nr Ighhorhood, and
he having no nnchornir, the flsh was dragging the
tKlll awntly I'jtvaril Hell dale, when It was struck
an I kllli-e1 by the paddies of a pnthr.g steamer. It
was then towe I as mre. An old whaler pronounced
It a drvn tlth, an Iilsbman a water kolpie, and a
Dutchman a to-i myrel,
Dlrtivn Into tho Whirlpool.
Ruth Howe, preposseslng ulrl of 14 years,
was taken lo tho Police Central Office yctterdar on
a warrant Irom Wethersdeld, Conn. Ituth was ac
cused of slea.lng tlio wedding dress of Mrs. Edward
?i tinjE. In whoso Jjouto (lie was engaied ns a ser
vant. Ilulh aald t'ul sha Is a nnllre of Vare, Mss
and that shn had been Induced to commit l rob
bery la order to obtain funds to come to "Str Yorlc,
of which she had heard so much that, In use her
own words, "she was dying to see II." The dress
was wonii ll.'iO. Kulh said (hat she had sold It to
a doctor fur flO. Ihe Ibelt was committed about
flte months ago. and the cirl has hs-n nvlg In Ntw
Y"k ever eliiro. It was reported ut heailqniirters
that the doctor was under arrest, snd that ltuth
would be used aa a witness aatnit him.
Liquid (itinpowdcr In U'IIIIhiii thurg-h.
At tho Inquest latt night in the case of Mrs.
Wiltenbrink, o.' North Fifth nnd Fourth sircett,
WiUlsmstiurgh, who had been' killed b; the ox illu
sion of a gasoline lamp, tho witnetsos testified Hist
It htd been purchased Iron a Mr. Vsuglian, la
(Irsnd. near Filth street, Tnls gasoline Is benzine
or naphtha, and is bought by Vsughan from the re
finers of kerosene for I.:U a barrel. He sells It lor
five cents a quart, men barrl containing abont 110
quarts. Coroner Whltelilll will make a rigid exam
ination, and punish, If possible, the people who com
mit Ibeto murders.
Tvrcedlsm lo be Punished In Westf heater.
A secret meeting of tho Committee of Thirty
of Morrlisnla was held Isat night. The Committee
wish all who have paid fines and costs to anr of tbe
Justices of the Peace of Morrlsanla to come forward
and make affldavit. They can call ut Mr. Angel's
office. Fifth street, near Itallroad avenue. Tue
Committee ere collecting evllenee agaluti these
officials and othsr town officers which. will titonlih
Hit people.
Government Exniiilnmlon ol Nnllitnnl Hanka.
The Comptroller of the Currency arrived in
thlt city yetterday alternoon from Washington. It
Is tald that he comre hero to Investigate the affairs
of some o' ibe national banks, and to regulate tne
amount of money to be glren to cacti. Hla rlslt led
to many contradictory rumors, which could nol be
traced to an authentic source. In the evening the
Comptroller had an Interview with the Hon Noah
Davis, United Statet District Attorney.
ItKI.ATlOXS IX on'ivi:.
Hots' President (smut Prnvldea for hla Fttin
llv-An A pproxlmnlcd 1. 1st nt (Irnnt'e
Hrlstilons III OrDcr. Itrrtsed und t'orrocls
ed at the Uxecullvn .tlnunluu.
flsrnMr Acre 1'oiJ- 7im'. tire S.
I. Jesse Hoot Grant, President's father, Post
master at Covington, Kentucky.
II. The Ilev. M. J. Cramer, President's brolker-In-law,
Minister to Denmark,
III. Urovet Drig.-Ucn. F. T. Dent, President's
brother-ln law, Colonel of Artillery, one of the Ille
gal military secretaries at the Whllo House.
IV. Oeorge W. Dent, President's brother-in-law,
Appraiser of Customs, Ban Francisco,
V. John Dent, President's brother-in-law, exclu
sive Indian tridrr In New Mfiicoj place worth
rn-rethlng less than f lOO.OtO.
VI. Alexander Bharpe, FrealJenl't brother-in-law,
Msrshil of the District of Columbia,
VII. James F. Cater, President's wife's brolher-In-Uw,
Collector of the Port ol New Orleans snd
electioneering agent for the renonilnatlou of Orant
by means of United States soldiers and Oatllcg
guns.
VIII. Silas Hudson, President's coutlu, Minister
to tlustemala,
IX Orando II Host, President's cousin, clrrk lu
Third Auditor's ofilro, Washington.
X. Peter Casey, President's wife's brother-in-law's
brother, Pottmatter at Vlcksourg.
XI. S. T. Lambert, M. I)., Piesident'a seconl
cousin, Receiver of Public Moneys, Olympls, Y.
T said to be a defaulter, but retained In office by
hla cousin.
XII. Alcxand r Sharpe, Jr., Prctldent'a wlfe'a
nephew; cadet at Annspolts.
XIII Piedeiick Dant Orant, President's son,
Second Llentenant Fourth Cavalrr; gone to Kurope
on sham tervlce on ataj of the Ueueral ol the
Army,
Tho Origin or tho Chlrisiro Fire.
Ciuc.ti.o, Dec 12. The Police and Fire Com
missioners nller Investigation, report that the late
Pro originated In Ihe barn of the Leary House, foul
of Dt-Koven street, hut are unable to ascrlbo It .0
anv agency, human or divine. The .iwfui havoc of
the tire It attributed to the hlgn southwest wind
that 1 reralled and t ie comnuitiblo character of the
materials entering largtly into the construction ot
the buildings In the burnt d'SUIrt The members
of the Fire Department aro praistd for their energy
and efficiency
Tlio Sleepy llnllotv Horror.
The motion to siiike the Ilncklioiit case from
P'e calendar, and tend It to the February term, haa
becu denied.
i'f.'f.S'OA .1 1. I A rKl.l.lUVXOK.
Al tho Jefferson Market Police Court lliey say
thai MrComh't "damn" is something rrlole. 1 lie
matter slioulu he looke 1 luto.
Counsellor ltandolph (lugtrenhelmer has been
tendered the position t f Ilrifade Asrlsiart .ludie Ad
vocate by (len. Funk, ranking us Captain. Cnl. .1 It,
Sellout l Hie llrnracie Judge Advocate, Capt. lluir
genheiuier will accept the position.
John Hopkins, Jr., the leanest man In Jersey
City, hss cleared over tiOO.OUU on leal rsiate wltnin a
tear Ile jinrrliatei a eountrv seat on Dundee i..tke
for IJ.'.uO, oan ouo luonlh sfirrwnrd reinsert suoou
for It I'or a lean man Mr. Hopkins is remarkably
tiaudsomc.
STAUKS MOM litis TKI.KUItAI'n.
fleorgo It. Foole. the stock breejer, was killed b)
taking h irse me liclne im miilsao.
James N HufTuin was clotted Mayor of Lynn,
Mats over Ldttlu Vluluen. the incumbent.
Wll'lnm II. I'osler dropped dead tn tho street In
providence It. letlerilai morning, of heart tluease.
The elecllons In Spain, in tthich tno lUpublicans
have been so sui-ees.tiil, ti ere lor Municipal c .unclls,
and not lor tin t oitet.
Two brothers named Mellall, one an engineer and
the oilier n hrakeiusn, tieru run orer on the 1) la
ware, l.ackati aunt Hnd tt'esiern Itnilroad near Scran.
Ion. 1'a., last evrLiug, aud Instunliy killed,
Tl'uoib (Juinn was stabbed Intally by Ml.e Mc
ftty.t doling a light In a s.loon In Virginia C'ny on t(n.
nn v i, lii I). ill. n shot ilell'e. tne bullet lo lglnr In
Ins iich, knocking htm down out only sl.giu y Injur-
c vttiosi'i i ns or c it i mi:.
A i romlnenl rallioad tutu who enntrols a road in
Knntvs wa. uir -led ye.ieidav on a mil for dniungt-s
loi seduction under moiui.e nfui'irintge 'Ihe prison
er It a married mm. Ine olllc alt keep his name to
Hu'mtelvot,
Mr Hums was siMilenrod vetterdtv lo Slur Sing
for seven yeses Itceoi-ler ilaetelt. In t,a- ritr Ihe
seliu lie. Al mle lo t'ie fael tnvl t in day uu tin-ti site
killed Mnry llutteil i."t I ot August) wat tile day ou
allien Alice Hoiiliby ulcd.
Oeorge Andtrtnii nnd John I) Pallersrn, accuse I
of Hie murder of Kowarn I'ri-iiiiiiiiiui l.i.i neck, In
I'non, Ohio, nere urreaicd on MunJ iv 't lilie i.tt-irir
tnrongh Knon 1 he riii7 ni aitrmpleit in Itpch hi in
bul w,-re tirerentn.i nt Hie otlleer iu uhnrge.
Yesterday forenoon three lathionablv drptued
thierra entered ine I'eirv street nitingt llang. anl
nrhlle lito conterM-o Hilh Uu1 I'lotldtnl Inu other
allpned Int. i tne vaull He m is delected hy tno I'tetl.
dent, bin tefoie un alarm could ho given Ine trio ft
c.p tl.
IMwnid Cunptr, eonflilenco operator, tvas nahl e 1
by Di-lretitu Mcli'iiiald yciuiltv tooprr mm tu
,1 r. I'liieimnv inn n' in tci ttesui und hourin
toini guo.lt lu paHiii-ni li" sate a tliees for luj nn
Hu- hi. Null., tat Natmnal ilank,ifgnel h) htmscli TUu
differr ire Mi I'a'cra n gave l.lui in rath. Whin the
c rei w i. tuu.cuic I at tne liana, Mi. patei-on learned
tint I otier nad no deposit iheee. ipi e had al .o
prtttd i am Ihles. M cine on tlio Mil 111 til lis
tl lis) Palia em ail'Ohri- nieulisill.
One night last ii. k tho bonded wiiic'rnut at 61,
'i! uud 5-l.aight tiieel wus cut re I u iKlm and
I ni nun mc e-o ulaca and 10 u n a In longing
I II II i ttfl i ii., valued ul almui IH.uJ, n. ic
a olen fne Pur -in w.it tfl el m a. .n.enioo
ii.oiisti nut uniitii il i iaun-r ai a tha t ip no. r
"'a tenon it h itenex -r t ie b.iliited wai
In us wat reu el yai i i.io aa t
ine burglary und li tv 'h.tt he i 1. y h. I.eeu e.n
pie a itr n n e at i i n a iu-uui i
il li waui Uuuit t..f..4 u uis tu. uvu.j,
KNGLAND'S DYING PRINCE. I
noviti.r 7 r.t.raiiAMs rnour Ai.nisnt
Kim'Aitifs jtensiiw. TWWWW
No Aliatenienl nl thr I'.irltemenl In Fnelfind IH
Vesterilny'a C'nblnel Dlrrllng-Whal In IB
to lie ltnuei In Ibe Event ol llenth,
I.o.tuov, Deo. 13-8 A. M. The followlnj
t'U'letiii hat Just teen Issued relative to the coodl
Hon of his Uojal Highness tho Prince of Wales r
Rtinntvniiiii. D r. 12-7:0 A. M. The I'tlnes ot
al -s hit passed n very roitlrss ai'gl.t, with constant
delirfnm. I hei e aie no signs ot Improvement.
The excitement among all ctaases cnntlnues In.
tense. Tlie hopehss tone of the bulletins affords
no relief to the anxiety and euspenso which prevail.
The sjmpatl.y on behalf ol the sufferer and lbs
afllicled rcl.illves is very general. The continued
precarious condition of the Prlnco list cast a dttp
gloom over the Iloyal residence at Windsor. The
liueen and family are still at Sundtjngham, where,
oblivious of everything else, their sole tltentlonl BH
end efforts are turned lowsrd the dying I'llnco,
Xine A .V. A second bulletin Irom Saudtlughtm, BH
Just lecotYed, Is as follows! KH
fAMpglKtstiM-PiSOA M.-The Cilnce of Vt'alel hss WM
pttaed a very ritllets night, with almost uo sleep. Ills
puhe evntiuuts fairly good. 1
LuNIKiN, Dec. 1310.30 A. M. The followlrg tl
latest bulletin from Sundrlnghami
Htni;iNotiM-iO A. M.-Ihe 1'ilnce of rfates hat aH
pasted n rcatlcitiuornlng. Iliscou.lllion Is nnehsnged.
I here la a report cnrrcbl In tho city to-day thai
the Cabinet, al a special meetlrg yetlerday, dctlg.
nateJ the Princess Alexsndra, wife of tho Prince ol
Wales, as future Itctent of Orett Ilrltaln In the
event of the death of tbe Prluce and Ihe abdication ol
the Qneen, tbe latter being a circumstance contld.
ered altogether probable. Tue luraor l.as not yet TB
lerelved any ofllciit conDimatlon.
It A.. V. The latest report, Just received from
Bandrlngliam House, ststes that the PrDice of Wales
It still alive, but that no chanze for tbe better has
taken place In his condition. Tbe grcatost alarm
prevails In butinett circlet at the sudden ststnatioa
In trade which the Prince's Illness hss produced.
The Prince's sister, Victoria of Germany, wife ol
Prince Frederick William, has not arrived, bul U
expected hourly.
3 7. it -The Prince of Wales Is still living. Tbe
official bulletins published to-day are as follows!
RAKDnixQUAW, Dec 13-1 A. M. The Plleee ol 'H
wales had a vary restless night. Ills delirium wai H
coustanl. There are no algna ol Improvement. H
HAKDnixoHAU, Dec. U-Jtoon. Ine Prince has bees)
restless all ihe morning. Ills condition Is unaltered.
Signed br the physicians ot his Itoysl Highness.
S;30 V. JA rue Royal steam yacht Victoria and
Albert has been despatched to bring the Princess
Victoria, wife of the Uerman Prince Imperial, to
England.
IJ1 J. A bulletin Just received from Sandtlng.
ham reports at follows i
PiMpai-innAti. 8 1'. M. The Prlnc of Wales s lest
lis less tins) alternoon. Uu condition gencratl) uu.
i P. J. The recovery of the Prince of Waist np
pears to be Impossible. In case of his deatn s.
counsel of regency will probably be erected, corn
IKiied ol the Duke ol Cambridge, the Duk'i of li.lln
burgh, the Prluce's of Wa'es, and porlisps others.
'I his Is likely to take placo Immcdlatel; snd to bt
tollonodbya discussion upon the power of Hit
present Parliament to continue Its eestlons, oi
nhelher Ills necessary to go to tho country ss as
extraordinary occatlon.
S I' M. There are rumors that Incidents hare o
curred at Handilogbain wnlch Indicate a mv's fsror
able condition cf affairs. Nothing defliillo Ins yea
been given to the public, aud iho report Is gives
nlih
G JL Hie latest bulletin has Just appear".!
At the worst has been expected all dty, this stabs
ment, slthough very guarded, tends to revive hope, 4
It reads na follows:
rAl.r.RIN0lltM liee, n-a p VI Th Prl"eet'St heat
sometiiiai less rettiett this aiternjon. Hit general y. 1
CiUJItiou Is uuchauged. r ssjHj
Signed by Sir William Jcnner end the other at
tendant physicians,
Losnos-7 P. M. Prlrsie and nnosiclal adrlces
from Sandrlnghsm and Windsor, received by Hit
Central Press News Agency, hold out some slight
hope of n farorsble torn lu the Prince's disease, -The
patient's voice remains strong, a proof that na.
ture is not completely cxhsustcd. The prepare
Hons that were making against nn unfavnrable re
ault nre relsilug. The telezrams tent from Sand
rlngham to Wlhdaof aro moru reasttirlng, snd Hit
hopes cf Ihe rojal household at the Cattle hare
b-en rslaed thla afternoon by a private despatch,
from Col. Ponsouby.
The Princess Alexandra It almost constantly b)
the bedside of her husband. Whan she is compall.
rd tn retire lor rest, her place Is supplied by the
Princess Alice. Her Msjesty the Queen remains al
Sandrlnghsm.
A Non-Conformltt UJucatlonal Conference which
waa tiihave been held at Manchester baa beeu poet.
polled OU accouut ol the Illness of tlie I'cjnce c4
II 1' U. The follottlng bulletin, Issued by tin
Piince of Waltt's phyeiclins, has Just been r
Bi.ti.RiMiiuu, Dee. IS -10 I', M.-The Pilcco hat
patted an unquiet evening, but the prostration dots
uollucreaie.
1 oito.Nio, Ont., Dec. 15 The excitement recard
Ing the Prince of Wales Is intense. The papers art
Issuing extras every half hour. No ptihlln demon.
slrailon will he made on tho arrival of tho (Irani
Duke Alexis, who Is expected here on Thursday,
He will be recelied probably by the Corporallos
Committee.
WASlllXOTOX xoti:.s. HI
It is slMed In Washington, bv parlies who ought
lo know, thai I'ulacary did nol rail I'rtai.lent llrant
"hog.' but simply railed him a pig." Tin certainly,
Icst.int ibe otfaiice a Hille.
-'sTDelexate Hooper of If tab exprestst hlTitelf la
ftvor rj the peoplo of that Territory taking at.pt pro- ll
liininarv lo tne seiion of Conzress, on tho subject of flH
the admission of tilun into the Union ns aHlite. ant IKI
of piesenilpgtuch a C'ontiitullon as will be acceptabli MM
loCongrtai. HH
'I he H'ecllon Committee hat drcl led that t'lsrlc,
lleniiuilcaii, and llerndon, Dnioerat are entitled to bi
sworn In as ir.eniDers or the House irom 'lexat, nend.
Ins any eoutist lor their seats. 1 his action does not
uneel the merits ot ine contoatt but I lie ceritncalei
held pt thete gentlemen make a ii'lmajueu cue II
iheir favor.
jomxus A novr anr.v.
Mat or Hall haa nol resigned. Ill
Mr Cady thinks he can pay tho small pipe men oa 11
Friday or naturday. mm
Justice Don ling derided yealerday that a man hit
a rigm to stand ou his own Head, lu hit own hou.o If
he ti lilies to,
Chapter IsS, It. A. M,, last evening elected A. A.
Itioekwar II. P.J. W llsri.tt K.. J. 11, Han S M. I). Hi
M)ers treat., w, II. u.boriie see.
Judge Hrady yesterday reTused tn vacate the nr. WU
der ot at rest in the cite ot Nuney H l.egcaiesg', 11
1. iwrence tlacl.aughliu, the notion t-otilioeiice mail,
Michael llogvii n' U poll street, n mle drinking in
a saloon ai iillaxter tireel yrsterdat, fell, bleoliut
ir-; o the lungs ile raa to ihe tl ie ilk aud drvpp' I
Anton Hollmsii, supi o.e.t tn he a newtpipnr
.i.ir. Mltl runoiir and latnllv injure i hy n com
al A i.-n in- II u.'id Hilh ttteel la.l nigtit. Ho tv
lukeu lo Hbtiovue lbisidi il
Mielnel Iti-giiii, ul II Pell street, m lilies drinking s
SI Ilun r ureei teaieidav, tta I ikeu ttnli vomiting
He ii ei. 1 1 1 1 In- il li-walf, ami, buisiiiij ii hliiud vent I,
died in fore ho could icneli tue I'lanailii ttreut n-ihct
siau
Oscar Hit big aged I'l of flj llarllglt slreit, Wil. El
lit nsburali, ira. tun i tei hi etr l.u of ihe Uell rail. H
roud .ti hoiim and i "im ir tireria vein niar.laiid nad iSM
bolh leg. an I hit ruin' arm inoken, llm d ltel uud (SP
comluctoi ol inn oar nue arretted,
A vnrdlet nf .eenlenlil de.nh wai- yesti-rday rn fifty
lurnel in the ea.e ol the man injure. I on s iturd iv I at l A
at 1 orty stiiili street aid Foiiilh avenau.hv t Se
in-lghl train ol the New H.ttcii llii.i. n.l. uluio no wat JIvJ
atleiiipilug to gel ui oii II while lu motion, W,
John llar'ley and Frederick Halle, merchants. fifjf
were une ted testerdiiy on n charge el sinugifl.n; ten V.V.
lliniiaanu yauls of silks fiom Canada lo Helton. 1hc ,V.
i'" befoie Commitiionei' binrloi, rrrpaiatory to en. VO'
i Ijirg inr an oiip-i for ineii removal lo Michigan,
l.uai eteuinir the Jv Dr. Otrdiner, of IhnOilholla &V.
Ct. hedrul. Iluioklin.ilied at Ins re.lduneo In ihst rut. y(A
W li-n ili-.ii.iii l.iiuuhlln wnu to Hie Kcumeulcal L'u mi. YA
oil al Koine Dr llaidlner ocioiupapled him. and on im v,
tpya.-e homo Hie )oung uucit contracted uu ulUalitU y.
01 slIO itllJjilsB 5?t
The delegatea of the Herman Itrform Assoel ions WA
in Hie cltv organized letierday by eleellng as iruno V
raty ollteeri- iitwalt otiendorler, Inaiiuian: algit. fffA
ma. I haulfuian. vice I're.id -in Marc it ousriio "i fiVA
ni t.iee nary Dr. Dunn eeroiidseuo trr. ai I linn iZv-
h M iwancwki'ider. 'Irraaur 'r llu I a 5ra
encmi 1. -ute hould coulri one fir v e-u. i, ml frA
in-' ti ig the ex, eases was tr.u u ha nr e 1 .1 iaru iS
Taylor A Co, hunkers, of 111 Wa sir, ,j n,9 5k
llliillia lot ry cai iia n I i A rl
In i itex'raordinarv dr w i ySY arA
mr 4 lo agent tv i I d ,ta a um i tm,v''
A 11 eliol.l W I 1 1' n t a- l It, Jvy
tt I. D ll.iiwri i, v iu X