CONNOLLY'S CASE.
The Argument at Albany for
Reduotion of Bail.
Clerk Cady on the Comp
troller's Offices.
CHARLES O'CONOR ON THE WAR PATH.
The Finished Fooehrrs?The Faeti and Fig
urn, the Flagrant Frauds and the
Fierce Forensic Fight.
Important Points in Equity
and Law.
THE END NOT YET.
CONNOLLY STILL A CAPTIVE.
Tae case ofComptroller Counolly acquired more
Than ordinary importance yesterday, from tne
fact that a forensic fl^bt was going on at Albany,
the result ot which would determine, perhaps,
whether or not he should remain longer a pri
soner in the common County Jail. The
silly story, started by a sleepy morn
ing Journal for the purpose probably or
advertising a certain shipping man In this city, to
the effect that Mr. Connolly was to lay aside $1,000,
000 lor the purpose of mahiug restitution If needed
>ras promptly and pronouncedly denied. Beyond
tills there was nothing new in relation to the sub
ject here, as all partlos more directly interested
wero awaiting the result ol the argument at Albany.
THE IRGIIHJT a CONNOLLY'S CASE.
Albany, N. Y., Dec. e, 1871.
The argument on the order to show cause why the
order lor the arrest ot Richard B. Connolly, late
Comptroller of Sew York city, should not be vacated
or his ball bond reduced, was held In Chambers by
Judge beamed to-day. S. G. Courtney, William A.
Beach, John McKeou and Butus Andrews appeared
for Connolly, and Charles O'Conor and John H.
fctrahan for the people. A target number of spec
tators were present than at tue hearing of the
Tweed case:?
I Mr. ('?nriary'i Arfiinacei.
Mr Cocbtnky in npsalne (be argument, after referring
la the order of the Judge ior this hearing, said the plaintiff
appear* U> show cauae wby the relief ailed for ihould not
be grant-d. Ue propueci to read certain papers on wblob
the application wa* baaed, or toe substance of Ibetr content!.
He then proceeded to read tbe affidavit of Mr. Keckbam on
which the order of arrest was (ranted (already pub
lished), remarking that a* yet there bad been no complaint
made by the people again.t Connolly, a? he was not asso
ciated with Tweed, Carver and other* In the complaint
iia'nil them. Tue affidavit, lit .aid, does not contain a sin
gle alienation aealnit Connolly. He then read the affidavit
RaJe by Connolly In respous>' to the affidavit of I'eckham,
statins that It hem* puyMcally Impossible for him
io discharge all the dull** of his office others
were employed to assist him; that he knew
only lu a central way of the work done on the Court House;
that be did not and could not know anything of the nature or
the eipenses, Ac., nor did be practically withdraw from the
pTice on the appointment of Andrew 11. Green, but remained
lb ere,
PERMITTING URERN TO TAE* CHARGE;
that he did uot appoint Grreu through any confclouaness of
lit. own lj>'lll-. 'id>e affidavit further recites the history of (be
matter. Benylng earb ana every allegation of a conspiracy
or collusion ou his part.
Con me', read the correspondence between Mr. Connollv
and tb? city authorities to show that he was In charge of the
office end lu lull discharge of bis duties and tor the public
good The deponent oeufca all tbe alleged facta in Ibe com
plaint and aays be baa been unjustly arrested and conboed In
i that he
a a imtnuu Jail for the lesson (bal be cannot furnish
TUE BXTUAORUINAST HAIL
of al.td MO. He also positively denies that be ever thought
Of leaning the Stale or country.
Counsel said tbi. was ail be bad to aay at this time. The
Other aide might bave-aooie affidavits to read and he would
lie pleased to bear them.
Mr. SraaUAN, on behalf of the people, read an affidavit of
Arlamus II. Cady, a clerk lu tbe Comptroller's office, In
wiilob be said deieudant bad m pr.vate office, with a me.aen
f;er stationed at tbe door tu.lracted to admit no one but
base wh >m defendant would nerind, that there was another
jirtrate room, occupied bv James Watson, County Auditor,
u.ij hi it,e same manner; that de
and who was to be seen on]
fendaui's private room and M alton's private room commit
J tested with each other, and ili-poneiil freouvntly saw rfe
endant aud Watson lu couauilaiiou. Near Walaou'a desk
rere tbe rouclicr*. aince stolen, and within s few days after
IVataon'a death the two rooms were made one.
Another Affidavit, by a watchman, continued this affidavit.
An afl" avlt by Iieiity J. Stuns waa read, detailing the
S itnes aud positions ot various official*, and that defendant
?Id ontntuu'.calloD With ooue else. There were a number
Who did nothing more than come for tnelr par.
ilenry r. Taint, r testmed to the Irregularity of auditing
accounts. Ptmuci T. Bell, a Jintnlstralor of Watson, went
l" the Comptroller's office lo examine papers Connolly
guooouricsd part of tlte t apir, prlva.e and oilte a public.
Nr (i'Conor produced a puitioo of tbo Touchers which
were not stolen, knowu as
THE K K YSEft Ol.al MS,
said to lie forgerlea, for the inspection or the Judge.
Judi
Mr. tot Rt net then proceeded lo address the Judge, say
ing alter the charge* of robbery be waa dliappolnled In the
document, produced here by tue counsel on (be other side,
lie claimed no one, lawyer or layman, could look upon
tins pr eecmtob?or persecutiuu be might call It
and there was tue least foundation for
these charges. He admitted tbeie bad been robl>erles?
gigantic robberies but be aske I where there was a slug's
particle of testimony against Couuutlyf He had supposed
tueae gentlemen who bad limited power, backed by the legal
Cower of the Stale and wliu tue Comptroller's
lice in tbelr hands, aud which we magnanimously
pared la their bants, would bs able to give
evidence of guilt agatntl Connolly. But they fall to
do ao; they have nut abowu that be has got a single cent of
tbe MJ.OOO hot) alleeed to have burn stolen. There was not a
single a'ieg illun which, if Your Uouoi has bad lbs oppor
tunity to luresll.ate, would wairant you In issuing tbe order
for C'onuolly's art est. on I'-as It Is that he was about to ab
scond. The complaint says that be Is a man in good health.
1. this good reason lot ordering bis nrrest 7 Then
there wss the aliecsliun that Conuolly ought to know
?l a|l the repairs to and furniture put In the Court House.
\Ye have properly ausweted that allegation by showing that
this waa luipoaalble Here, too, Is an Insinuation, not a
direct charge, that Conuolly waa Id
OOLl.tlftlON WITH TUB TtTlKYVB
who stole the vouchers. This is not charged, but Insinuated,
aud U Is also insinuated that be look Mr. Green Into the
offioe and resigned because lie was In complicity with
that rubbery. What fact, thr counsel asked,
'"J which
stated which shows any such complicity T The de
poneni bases this insinuation upon common report and
upon bit belief, flow must men be arrested upon Hie con
stol ons of Mr PeckhsiD'' And the order of aireat was
Issued because Mr. I'eckham wa* convinced of bit guilt.
We came bere In a manly manner. We do not sneaa In
here sod ask you to discharge us upon conviction. We
come bere like men, knowing our rights and dare
maintain theiu. We do not come bere with affidavits
made by men who neve been kept alive lor vrars
by tbe crumbs tbut tell from the Comptroller's tai ls.
Bu
But there It no actual proof, no positive tiaiement contained
)o a single affidavit mace bere. It Is charged that we, by
neglicaca, or something else, bare allowed tbe city to be
robbed. I.el us look at this. (Counsel read tbe resolution
offered by Mayor Hall constitmlug a sub-board of audit and
wh was otil.i responsible lor these toils, the Cornell idler
fcoilld not go back of these audits and warrants, sad this
man who ottered tbe resolution,
MAYOR MALL,
walks the streets of Hie city, vmt.'ng the clubs, end my
c lent, wh soicd under tbe force of this resolution, rots lu
jell. Now, do the honorable gentlemen un ibe other side
Show any connection between oe ano Mi. Woodward Mr.
Wood Wat d secured his money through the Broadway Rank.
Il l tbey show thai we ever had anything 10 do wllh touching
this money f They have examine i our back accounts, no
doubt, but bare they found tuat wa kaie received a cent
of this money 7 But Mr. Peckbam swears be
believes we resigned our o&e to Orten
because we were guilty. Tbe fart is. some ol tbe
Committee of Seventy spoke to ue, suggesting Mr. Green, and
w? took lb' ir suggestion and complied with it. i ben Mayor
liall opposed ibis appointment indeed, be considered the
(?flics vacated, and appointed General MciTellau; Indeed, he
Lad tbe lull lary and police put in readiness to take forclb.e
k iteesaion of tne office. Tnie, however, was given up, and
Maror liall then thought ol having some Judge
make an order to put the office fiito hj noe.ee
put
s o. uuusel said be could tar, and he bad
toe light to say, that the chairman of tbe Committee of
herenty end of toe tub-committee, a ter examination, comd
liud nothing Implicating Connolly ye: Mr. reckham be teres
he Is polity and be Is attested ami thrown Into jail. We in
vited investigation, and u was giren. We did everything In
of New
pur power to keep tue bonds of the city
sre entii ei lo better treatment than we bare received.
Je concluded by a> gearing to the Jud^e to dec Ids this (juea
lion without regard to public clamor. Hie client asked for
o favor, be makes no apology for coming here, but he
comes armed with plain, txuuenlabis facts which he eel* up
against
Till Msgs OORTICITI0NS OF SNttl IS PF'EIMM.
Ha oomes here demanding bis r.gbts. If hs does not seouii
these now he will In the end. We eland here upon tbe reoorcl
of the it*, and we ask you to administer tbe law and reduce
Isle amount of ball.
Mr. O'Conor'e Address.
Mr O'Conor ross to tddress the Judge snfl Mr Courtsey
asked permission to sials a fact, which was tbst Green
*m appointed L??puiy coinptrolltr before the vouchers were
''gir'b'COKOg said tbst wse not the fact. UoweTer, thai
matter could be laid before the Judge st the proper time far
bins to determine.
Mr O'CONOB thee said the counsel succeeded ad
mirable In eonnnlng himself to the matters relative
io the esse. That be regarded creditable In
view of the wide renge line matter had taken He referred
clal mat
t-i the statement as to who bad control of the financial mat
ters lu New Vofk. These were Tweed, Hail, Connolly and
kw-env Tweed hae beeo prosecuted, and the counsel have
hiothlDg to eay against that' Connolly baa lean pr.aecuied,
'-el ibet. Hall and Sweeny
and they bare much to say against
have oot beea prosecuted Mr O'Ooncy then spots of it's
Interest be bal tekea In this matter, and said he bad found
?'?thing to ad his UvMUgaliont lo show that Mayor Bail It
A VBLOAB THIEF)
further be believed If there was anything again St Hall hs
gvould *01 flv I fsel conndmt of this, and be can do proas
ruled at lei.ure. f believe, however, that Tweed and Lop
io.lv would fly from Juetloe. We deem oureelvee Juatlfled In
"leg all w# have done regarding Tweed end Connolly.
f .'Dti dly was the dlreoi pAymaetdT of all the c ty aocountA
lit waa head of tbe Kinase* I?eysnmrnt, lit was In constant
?itsndaiic* at the Kinanoe Department. lie was the first signer
u 1 Ibe Mayor based his signature on that Of the Comp
troller The May"r. finding th' Comptroller bed signed, we*
me huslntse of
J .si i fled in believing the account correct. An II
Latins t blii was dons Id Mr Col a al ly's o?e*.
fit was en
?near**! acoouatank *t<ecl*d on that ncsWAk fgllr 0M8*
bi? to dleoheree tbo dutleo of the office; mod It ?U
while bo bod charge of these attain* that line
monstrous robberies worn perpetrated, these al? million#
worn etolso. Mr. Connolly aal alone In a email nilice during
tbo lime tbnee robbnrlet wire perpetrated; nine feel Irom
htm aal Mr. Wataon, the concoctor ot alllbe prclende I blile
by wblch ibaae fraud* were accomplished. Mr. 0< nnolly
aal alone, 1 *ay, bul within reacn eat
Hie AOOOMPI.U'B, WATSON.
There all thta fraud wa* concocted. Now we follow these
affidavit*. and we bnd through a aub-clerk named VI on
ward thai lwo-lhlrd* ot the amount charged In lhe*e bi.l* ere
divided among Tweed an I other*. Facts and clrcumaUnro*
show that Connolly got a abare of theie lobberlea. 1 think
the loragolng evidence unmlslakingly point* to connoiiyaa
participant filial Connolly, silling cheek by jowl with w *t
eon, mould know nothing of the business la pre
poat-roua, and I any if partlea making tbees P?J>
aecutlons bad lain still and allowed Conn'l,ly
By, they'vouhl bare themselves been guilty of aa great a
crime. Connolly wae. In fact, the man who wae responsible
for all these robbene*, therefore Connolly
When paner* were made out against Tw?d there was a
cautious omission to *ay one word against Connolly. Tn
omission referred to by the rounsel was b?
was not at the time or the arrest of Tweed contemplated
to arreal Connolly until the day helore the arrest or Con
nolly (Ireen was simple Connolly's deputy, subject to
dismlaead at anr time. Connolly, peraap. to screen blat
self, had ooneenfd to bre.k^^
osinirfiiiififf New York finances by appointing Green bli
remit? built wu not known bow loaf to# would maintain
I t 'le hmaohu Of course, the Feci ham affidavit 1. bese.l on
in 'rotation and be.lef; but It refers to otner Affidavits which
sirs this proof. These aihdaelia warrant the bailef that Con
Solly is guilty. At all eeeuts, be le guilty of arose
official neglect. There Is on the very face of these
bill* the plainest eeldence ot fraud. The affidavits required
to be anneiea to the bills were not annexed. Now as to in
formation. Now as to lnlortnstlon which is charged as being
general and not specihc. The fraud* were charged[; a com
mittee wa* appointed to Investigate the charge. I hey went
to Mr. Connolly, and he s*l near to these very vouchers they
were not In use; tbey were filed away. What did he do I In
stead of placing them in their bauds he asked for time uultl
Ibe following Monday.
Wili.iam A. Bkaoh?Where Is the proof or this?
Mr. U'Conwr -I think It would be sufficient tf I *atd Mr.
Connolly doe* not deny It.
Mr. Bkaoh- Mr. Connolly doe* deny It
Mr. (VCosOR Let u* ?ee ;und, turning to the testimony,
rea l the statement showing when the vouchers had been
stolen).
Mr. BCACH?I asked for testimony ihowinc that Mr. Con
nolly a?ked for a delay.
Mr. O'Conor?The committee ea.led on Mr. Connolly and
asked bim to deliver the vouchers. They were not delivered.
The Ssbbalh mtervened-a day for good at well as oad
deeds?and on Monday the voucher* were found to he miss
ing. On Saturday Mr. Uresis was appointed. Do you not
se' the extremity to which lie was reduced He was told to
make an appointment, and he does so. Bul by Mondav
morning, before Mr. Oreen could enter upon the discharge of
his duties, the papers were stolen. Connolly knew il he re
mained in office and delivered the vouchers he was rutned.
Hence
TH* VOUCH*?* MtTBT l)K 1>K6TR0TE1\
1 have no doubt a consultation with Tweed showed the
dan-sr there was In preserving the vouchers. Connolly Is
shrewd. Tweed Is a bold, daring, not learned, dashing lel
low, and It is i.ot difficult to Imagine how tbey weuld man
age an alTatr like this. These are circumstances of such con
trol ling influence as to be pertectly monstrous to allow him
to flee It would oe a lasting disgrace upon our Judges and
Courts. Mr. O'Conor then took up the affidavit ot 8. (1.
Courtney and Connolly. He said he could not bnd in il a
?ingle word stating that he Is unable to give ball.
llTr. Br.At'U read fr. m the affidavit of Connolly that he was
held In jail because be was unable to give the ball required.
Mr O'CONOR did not look un-m this declaration as one that
he was uuahl# to give ball. I le looked upon It aa an evasion.
He Is In jail because ha la charged with offences. Ibis
declaration was put In the affidavit to work upon the sympa
thies of if our Honor.
Mr. OotaTNK*?Well, we have been two week* trying to
^Mrfo'COKOB?A good many things hare been tried two
week's and longer. Connolly is a man lu good, sound health.
Many poor In debt ba.e eulfered a more severe Impilson
ment; but the question now Is, whether there is reasonable
ground for believing him guilty. If so, ft is entirely proper
to hold him for trial. As to me denial, Mr. O'Conor
ret erred to Connolly's reply to the affidavit of Peckham in a
joking manner, and said it was entirely unnecessary for a
man to make oath to a joke. Connolly aays be did uot do
everylblug about the office, ewrep nor scrub. He also aays
he never scrutinised the accounts. Mr. O'Conor then criti
cised the affidavit, line by line and word by word, and pro
nounced the denials too general and
T0<> INSIONtt 10ANT rOK NOTICK.
The mere declaration that there It no evidence Is not a
declaration of not guilty. II Is like the old verdict In civil
suits, "Not proven He says thers Is ro proof of his par
ticipating In this money stolen Ite dors not say loat he did
not participate In tb -division of the money received. Now,
that is the way this denial U mads by Couuolly o! par
ticipating In this $11,010,POO.
Mr. O'Conor pursued this criticism to some tengtb to show
there was not sufficient uenial contained In hi* affidavit to
secure attention. He regarded the affidavit so weak that it
would be Impossible to convict bun of perjury on a single
point, even If evrrv averment In the complaint was true.
He believed HI* Honor could not but regard this affidavit as
evasive and unworthy or consideration. He thought Ills
Honor should postpone the hearing ot this case a week. He
ougbl to appoint a releree lu New lurk to lake all the
evidence possible In the rase. There would he uo hardship
?leant tbut of keeping Connolly In Jail, nnd that lor another
week, and the only hardship In this was perhaps that he
could not take exercise either on loot or horseback, and thcr?
Is no evidence of his erer having taken any sucb exercise. It
would alford u? great pleasure to have this
Investigation made now. It is certain Rich
ard B. Connolly went luto the Comptroller a
office a few years since a poor man, hut now he is worth
millions. How did he become possessed ol tills enormous
wealth) Mr. O'Conor again referred to the pleas of Con
nolly. He was acting under the advice of Mayor Halt and
CORPORATION OOUNSf I. O'OOBMAN,
and criticised that claim. The Comptroller was made by
law one <U the three audltora. lie determined to not ex
amine the accounts, bnt pay teem. For this reason we hare
the right to bold hi in to account. I cannot see how any one
can regard Connolly In any older light than
A tlirlt.TV MAN.
Still, counsel are sometimes over ssngnlne, and I may be
mistaken. You can judge better than I. perhaps, as to the
probabl ity of bis guilt, and thus decide whether he should
be held or not. 1 submit you have a clear caae for holding
lilm on two gTOitnd*. First, cm the Insufficiency of the an
twer, and, second, because he 1* guilty of neglect, If nothing
else.
Araiitnetit ot I>Ir. Wench.
William A. Bfach followed, saying he had no inch in
terest in the outside matters connei ted with this case which
counsel od the oluer side have. tin Interest was centred In
his client. Who was suffering from his inabiiity to furnish
the bail demanded, and notwithstanding tbs t neers and Jeers i
of counsel the defendant wax suffering In Jail simply from
Ibis reason; that he Is unable to prodnco Ibe amount of i
ball. It Is asked that a cltlx.-n who has heretofore enjoyed
some reputation shall linger In prison until Ins persecutors
shall be satisfied. Counsel chooses to consider the liability I
Ivlnc against Mayor Hall id this caae as merely technical,
and yet, If more than technical, there Is no dsngerof his
leaving the city. Where Is the dillrrence belween the positions I
fn wiilrti Connolly and Hall are placed. Mr. Beach then oro-
seeded to examine tbo law Instituting the Board of Audit, to
consist of Msyor Hall, Comptroller Connolly and Tweed. It
Is denied that Mayor Hall was the head of this Board of
Audit, or authorised to ait as Its head. The ormnsel knows
Msyor Hall, and undoubtedly esteems him bl-hly. Mayor
Had undoubtedly exercise a control over that Board. The
Comptroller, without doubt, deferred to his Judgment; but
aave the proof of this in th? resolution offered by Hall,
adorted. The cuuhse! gaM'.hal i,i?4rtbe!e.gC(Uiuoiij
uld be held In an undiminished ball for neglect of duly.
'omptroll
we nave t
and i
should 1
11 is determined that
MAYOR HALL, THE OISTINOriSHKT) SOCIALIST,
the convivial 1st, the refined exquisite shall go free?he who
wss the prime mover In this work?while the Comptroller
?hall remain In jail. Counsel, with great gravity, aald that
Connolly aat In hand-sbaUn? distance In a
private room from Wntson lb# great concoctor of
these schemes. Counsel, too, he said, had traced
through Woodward the disposition of Iwo-lhirds of
Ibis money, bul he failed 10 trace any ol It to my client. 11#
also attempts to fix complicity In the burglary of the vouch,
era on Connolly; but he argued from entirely false premises.
The criticism upon the affidavit on thta point was remarkable
anil unheard or. We come here In oppoaillon to the moving 1
papers. We say the papers are unfounded In law and con
tradicted by the lacts. Compare the two papers-Connolly's
affidavit with that of Beckham's?and I am aure
the former will suffer none from the comparison so far as
generality Is concerned. Really, these crtltnUms on the
form of Connolly's affidavit were unkind as well as un
founded. Connolly, Instead of evading the charge* or alle
gations, ulstincilv disavows and denies them all and sever
ally Mr. Beach aald he had drawn the affidavit himself,
with that of Feck bam before bim. He Intended it es a
rtJl.L ANI> BAT1IH ACTOHY ANSWER.
It was simply a response to the morning papers. Connolly
denies all the allegations which are material to this case or
to himself. I do nut suppose that the gentlemen represented I
her-liars established a bureau of correction In New York
who will take It upon themselves to procure the Incarcera-
tion of any clllreus of the (Stale whom tbey may choose to
select. 1 do not believe the Attorney Central
will consider this to be his duty. The papers
beloie Your Honor show no cause of action j
against the defendant. Fraud on Ihc part of Cnunoliv It as
serted on information nnd belief based on his being In a
secluded room. Counsel surt vouchers were destroyed be
cause they would prove ruinous, and yet counsel produces
tome of thcxe very fatal vouchers left In the depart- i
ment. How did it happen that Connolly did not remove ihese
vouchers? '1 hat is not an evasive statement. It proves that j
Connolly's relirement was for the purpose of aiding these
gentlemen In the'r Investigations. Vet counsel aav that
Connolly said to Tweed It these vouchers are found we are
lost. Why, air, Is the question of our rlgtits to our liberty to
be settled In this tvay by the
KAISOT IMAOININI.B OF TUSTINOCIRUrD COCNBltt.
I know, when a eeclleman like the Deputy Attorney Cen
eral aprears before a Judge, extra Judicial attention is given
to hlm. I have ?een the Jiidietary or New ork go down
under oibcr Influences, but In this Court I expect nothing of
the kln l. I have luo right to demand here equal connJera- I
liou for ray client, we have the righi to claim that our client
It not about to fly. an I we have the right to demand thai
you shall decide upon the affidavit# belore you whether j
there ts any warrant for be.ief even tbst Connolly had any
complicity in these iraud*. Couuiiel says the stolen money
was traced to Tweed and other unknown partlea. Unknown I
parth a- who are ti.sjrV Is Connolly one of ibem? le there
any proof that he Is? Who hat seen any such proof! 1 must j
say under the bitterness with which Connolly hat been pros- i
ec't-d, we have one of the moat far-fetched argtt-
tuta ever beard. The only pretence of claim
tbey make It that Connolly was negligent,
that these bills were eo obviously fra nluient that lliey could
bs easily dtiectej. Now, here may be a question of law for
consideration on the part of Your Honor. Counsel here pro
rcdeu to tiste the provisions of the law relative to the au
diting and paying of bllis, maintain ng that the Comptroller
on'y acted ministerially; that he wa# obliged to pay bills
attsr c,-m'ng from the Board of Audit. Now the qutttwn Is
net whether this was law, but
WDKTUKR CONNOLLY WAS .'CSTIflHl)
In bellev'tg It to be law. Ha was Instructed by bis offic'al
advisor that he bad no right to review these bilj after they
baJ rtme trom the Board of Au Mb There Is no dispute as
to the non-exsmination or these bills on the part of the
Comptro.ier, They say be did not, and we do not say that
he did. bul ws say tnal It would make uo difference
wb-iner he did examine tkem or net; be was obliged
to cay ibem. nenues, it would bs Impoxsible for Ibis, as it
Is lbs case with a.l our beads ol departments, to examine all
tbs dstalis of the unslnsss In his charge, and If our right and
crifhege# are to be neld by such a frail tenure at a mere de
linquency in ever looking details than the lime has come for
TURN ACTION
on the part of tbe people. Couniel proceeded at conaldem
Me length to argue tfcal Connolly coulJ nut be held responsi
ble for paring tneee bllie, Inasmuch a* he wae elmpfy c:?
charging tale duty u be underetood It, and as be had been
advised wee hie duty. He cited ceeee to ebow tbet even the
Heard of Audit wee rietnpt frcm proeecutloe for error of
judgment. Haeeiag on, he eeld be bed given much attention
to oeeeeof thle ?'nd, end be dec'ared ootitlrely tbet
Till riOPLK or T'.lt el ATI B AO NO KIOIIT
to bring tb!e action. What I tbe Attorney Oeneral of tbe
Stat* bringing en action to recover money from tbe ccunir
of Hew York? When that can be dene then we bare no
rlgbte or privilege!, or poeseteloat worth guarding. Couitel
ibea cited and etc lalned eereral caaet sustaining tb!a posi
tion. ih.e action la brougnt to recover certain moneys,
brought by the law odleer ot tbe State. Who die tbla m <uey
beiung lo T Who but Hhe city and comity of New York
What interval, into, bad toe Mate or the people of the State
Is tb-.a muneyV If tbe ptalnltfl in tbla caee nal uo eauae of
action why, vale order cr arreet must fall; otbtrwlee It woulJ
*3 cm
a rue* or t N*uTv*nAi;!.* neroTiBM.
Counts', armed thle point at considerable length. If the
Board of Audit or the Comptrol.er can be eued for moreve
fraudulently paid out, why may not the offoere ol the Kris
Ha. way 1 urporatlon be eued for tbe tame reason bulb are
cirtorallone-end, then, where ?u the money. If recoeered,
go Who le to receive n> W.J it go into the
City or Into tbe State treasury T Thle proceeding
?bould be looked at In Its fill beanr.7
Ills eeld In eicuee for this proceeding vbat thle u aa enri
ordinary cane; that the progress or ibe governmant la
threatened. This le not so; there It no stoppage of the
wheel* of government nor any danger ol It. It it money
that 1* toucan It 1? not to prevent any stoppage or upheaval,
but money Uet is warned. U tbouid bg borne tn
mind that the** suit* are brought, not be the
people ol the State, but by the A tt or iter
'b* peoPle ?J the Slate hare never authorised these suits
to be brought. The Attornejr General la the Zt
.L. V !LPpped 'n bere or bla own tollllon in l bS
it i ?"its, throwing men Into (all tinder enormous bail He
rx: phf.,,hvsa
the power which represent! the people 7 Where huM^hl
rf'A tt.^VTr tTTA&Si
eSS*^
greater than that of the people iheinUlve? 2
power to control the reeult of elections and lnvi2?. ft!
iA.I. bemuHbe wit and ponUh^^o'Jrt?^ Etaw'^
onhvM?i!rl!lL0IihLOR. "J?0000?
SVr? pro
AUorneyUn^TffidaVt? mlkeTa'tgiH,"
to let it aland or fall, al,d ,llerB wg content
tnin, in reply. Aa to tbeae mon^a the TO ,om#
and Commonality of New VnTk.V _ r?'or? Aldermen
Sp^See?S??ffS?&
of whM WooMmJ? ?"1fohoSd,^,"W3.5dtaf?e P-fffon
proceeded to ri'Deat bia aroumiini mnHa ?l.
proceeded to repeat bM atiumentVnadStaSE1
AUorney'Oeoeral? haa* au^ruT
"gument here cloaeJand the Judge took the papera.
T?e A 111 tin vita.
?Tw ?^Z-oZ'ibZT'' o/
a^^B t?hf Klcllard H- Connnl'r and Samuel U Co'urb
~.A?,a ?f l.h.\ pnpm on wlllcl1 order or erreet wm
granted. Het the plaintiff or the Attorney General of ThJ
State of hew York ahovr cause before this tTourt al Kneel d
Term thercot, to be uelrt at the chambers of Wfiii.m y
lM?rnfd',m li>e fR:.or A'bH"y. o>> Hth day it December'"
?i\i i" Pn. T wh7 "lc order of arrest heroin should
not be vacated, or why the amount of bail reuulrod h? th?
order of arrest herein should not be reduced or wbv a. eh
other or further order ahmild not i,.. ra.,i? i. '.2. wtly ?uc"
other or further order should SoU?3W, Jfe*
LIZ propeV^wTh'S
i'ibu nnu mrre se-rn proper, with nri
le^eii ol ser?ioc addftioual papers on or before the 7th inat
Dkokmbfk 5J1871," L'tAKi<ED'Ju?t'ce supreme Court
or'm ZrvJ!rr^~WV. Zrhn^F o1**,, Pm,Z'f
,lb?. o^er of arrest herein. That the amount of baM
In the opinion of deponent. Is so lar<** ?3 uL
.'Ole for the defen dant to obtain tfe ?1" SJPES
aald delendant la now In actual cnatnH. >n <vi
mon jail of the count" of N?w To'Mg 'haa^beenTn
?uch custody since the night of tbe 27th of Nnm?h'
lbit; that In cnnte.iue ce of aald defendants wmvfn1
SVlEeirHTi^7 ?PP'[C"?on*" ti7' reduce' amouSt of
Hwnrn to before me this 4th day of December 1871
this action, being duly sworn. saysThat*It is true as
Hr i^Jt?"iV i0 Wheeler feoltbam. upon which'the order
S i f1* j w*s granted, that this deponent possesacd
the mental and physical qualities and attended to tha
duties of his oflice, is with much complimentary dem.?
therein alleged; but this deponent says that ne'ther those
qualities or lis .llllcence enibled him to becomeaw.am?ed
th?i iV.e T'^1Ui;e of,ljll!l,ness transacted in his said o'lice
rdie.tM f exceedingly numerous and com'
SiltM i?^>P v.* two hunarel fitty snbordl
fn r 1whom. *ds an auditor duly appointed
In obedlenee to law, whose duty It was to enmlnc all cla ms
and account! presented to tbe ComptroUer's IteiartmenL
and to au.ltt and allow or reject Iho same; tSt It wi
Jti.eh 7 '"possible that this deponent should personal'y
discharge all tbe duties of bla said olhce. anif for that
k ra* Pr?r'l'rd by law that he should be
aided by bis said subordinates, and this dei onent
ohliged to confide the performanee of the details of
I In a 1? tthelr d"'K?:lcc and fidelity, and he insists
that In so doin? he wsa not unfaithful to his oliclal trust but
waa obedient to the scheme upon wblco the department'was
"r?"ce.d J:* an properly aia,Tea bTm
i rSJikf. Insjrumentall'lei it furnished; and this deponent
i.Iuin1 TV 'i S acc',",1,, #'"1 claims chargeii In tie pro
r ?2br. ?abe uniounded and fraudulent, came to
i this deponent apparently arid as this deponent
believed, regularly certified and nudited by the Board of
huperyisors of the county of New Torlt, ami were referred
to the aald Auditor under this depone,n and wera
afterward presented by 1,1m to this deponji ZfJ
approved and with his certlflce of approval endomed^
n't ii?L* det)?nent? under the advice hereinafter slated'
and without any examination of Mid claims, approved tha
same In connection with lilt associates In i\. n 2
of Audit, and as Comptroller^ P.T-J tb? sam??Ved
oording to the mode provided bv law i?. in' 9C"
ponent furtuer says tbat lt U tr57' thB? a. de
tliat work bad been done and was Lc dnn*
tbe "new County Court House," and ihft ?2S?V?p011
know'edPewei7ijf'11? furnUl?.-ri therefor; but thaTsuch
kuowled^e waa of the most general characttr and nf limiii^a
?itent, derived only from casual obtervathmi is ttua di^
hent passed to end frym hi. ofBc-. That t ^>1 t? K I
this depodent knew or was advlse l of the worv 1, at
said Court House, or of the furniture or sumdmT AaS!
for or to the same, nor 1. true hit tSire S' every or'
reason to believe that this depn.ient had co^'
.L ual "PPOrtubit'e* during the time stated In
the affidavit of gM rtnkham to know or Z
mtXnJ^'sf^-. ThJfi l'i" fieconent wa, not an? I. not a
facL Tilo'fhl. i affidavit of said feekh.ra discloaes that
iact. Tnut dcitoncot was not And t* 1
in furnilnre or supplies, H. D.aidM.fll,
dosaa. That tbe work done on saldCourtUouie
was very complicsued and expensive and slid in?,
ture and supplies nece^snly large, and ft must have
been apparent to ?ny unprejudiced and candid
gentleman that a person lite this deponent, of the au iiiVi#*#
ami business hahit. state I In feckham'sTiliday t c'm j no?
hare known ami been advised of the extent and value u wlj
IL'ili tt fnrn.u1,lre an,i 'til'DlIrs without long and spec'al m.
vest gallon aad InstrucUon which tin. deponent never mm-m
ffc..11*0.' *nd wU',oh i,not charged hy aada-iidli;, u"J
this deponent further atys that it u .Aud
as stated In aaid affidavit that (bis deponent psactlca'llv Jlih*
drew from his said Conirollershlp by the anuoVtJn.r..I.r 1th"
drew H. Green as his deputy, on the contrarv this denon i
ttn.x,stnia,? er.:;7u?H
of city affairs and finance, ind to ft
further.av. that he not .wTrS oMh, "matmrs o? v 'eii
notoriety and of "apparently universal hellei'' refsrrf I m
in aald affidavit, but m quite ready to admlL a, .aid affidavit
nroof o' n l' ,Vh,ey Uare Pr'^"ly not "'^UW, of dlj^l
proof. But this deponent denies, that be anDitntad
?aid Green or tendered bis resignation noder th.P.
STpA^n' tt'^'d'a'rnf CSefpUmb2r ^',d a^5Q.fe"?
Rove?,r?0t187ln'Tha?'\h7''f.yarOf "'New^'Vo1,^
iUod ^ro'rTl erring" upon
tlo?dnr u d*p"K,nl w" by express ?law
to do, was an abdication by (hit deponent ni \o.\.?
threatened to appoint his successor anil did tender siiei?^!,*
pnlntment to General Meridian. That daponant i fiP"
affidavit ^{f? .add 'peekham? ffiS' 'D
?^,.'ndd.p^
?s a measure due to th<? fntereata rT/e?lf
and to the e'lorts then makln. tS ie?.,.,h? cllT
rtforui municipal abm<ML at)?l aiiumi im! 110,1
of their Countenance ind .nSJSrt m ,.??5P?Dent
needing. This deponent cond 'e f m *,cl1 fro
these "honorable gent em^n." which ",JM00un,,!l ?f
by bit professional advisers, and made n,,proTed
menl, lielieving lhat It was i vldenc? rathir o? fPr?fut"
innocence than "conscious guilt" to place In thICv I*
of investigating committee, the meant if atecune'"^?
KrjSfeZrtb, Yinwjf?185?
i;;rs alsffs s?rr
de end ant Irom calumny and persecution a^ t ii1!
deponent d.nle. each and every 5f the .lle,?Mn. b.U
?aid fsckham'a affidavit, and the 0.1^-VJ0n,s,'i?
r*f*t"'i charging conspiracy with ailr n.r.n!P 'T'1'0'1
kind, to be accomplished by Tn, meani "2L?{S"T
that each and every of such adena uo. 'V
meotfl ao i loainutrt mi la and are unfoundad a??h?
And this deponent further .ay.tba theVeve^l blfi.'^
claims aforesaid were formal,> adml>t.-d as 'afomaa d
were not examined on their merits for ti e reianl^ n 1
(hirporatlon Counsel, by wrl-.cn opinion adrised thii'Ii.
nent ia relation to the effector an audit by the liurTor
bupervisors, a. appear. In the following correapind.n"^
vi n Couprn'n.LEn i) On in* Oft in iw?t
Dia. nIJ* I ,?'1U ,u>,AV' Oo"n??1 the tiorioriln
Pd?on'rer?v
fha7 if'ri'?"1! ,0a n'* correct, under lbs authority"f
for the county, but wMch harTfilled of Pavment?I,l d?n9
there was 00 apj.mpi latlou to pay the mm as ihiS
rr J5?7&,???.j-.4z? wxrZn:
K 'rL"V"pI. orS""?, u? Com,trollw
sum. as may be #ece...ryTo, thl ZrL J,Z,e"ULl7 ,',ch
meat, Judtmenlsor acjo.^i claims." I unlsrsten
courtsTiavs bed the laagr.af. of thla s.rV, S 2 !hal ,he
Kr?e?Vc'?*na^
oVS'uVsteWVbt^urei
sgaln't the eoutlr are 10 be "adjusted 7" i Tf ii claim"!!
"ftd;usls49' uD?1tf Idp Autborltv of th#> R ,ir 1 ft# J claim is
bavi I th. legal nght .0 refu.i' to rw.'. Xbt m^WvTr^:
same under the provision! of law above cited 7 I hall lei
honor to remain, yours refpecifuily, have ins
lucilAHD b. ctfk.NCLLV, Comptroller.
Cxtt ok Niw Tokk, Law Dipaktmknt, j
OrricK or thk Cock?>.l to thk traroiiATioa.)
Oct. S3, 1'ttS. J
Hob. KicitaKP B. Ooi?i?oi.i.t, Comytrol.er:?
Of in Kit -la bare rece'.rea your latter of Ootober 15?, la
which you atata thale that tundra bilit incurred during
?fatal ;ta'i bare bees prelected to you for aetUe
meat, puracant to lbs proeial.La of tba lax !e?y ot
lchrt, aa>i tnete bl'.la are duly certr.ed to you aa
oorreet, under the authority of tba Board of Kuperrlaora,
au l coma to you Id tba form of edjutied claim*. On th.a
?lata of facia you aak my opml on. Kirat?Whether tbe
Board of Buperrlaora a tbe authority ua.lar whoae direction
calmi aia.uai the county are to be admitted, and, aecoad
If a claim la adjuatad on :er ibe authority of tna Board of
Snparriaort, hare you tba legal right to refute to raiae tbe
money to ray vbe tame uuuer tbe proriatoni ol tbe law
abort e'ted'
In anawer to the firat I'ltailoa, It la my opinion tnat tba
Board n( Superrlaora It the proper authority tc adj.itt u.auna
agamat tba county for wi.rK d <na for tba connir. In tbe ad
juatment of tba tame toe Board acta Jodlcafir (Cfcaee ?t.
County of Saratoga, 83 Barb. H., 603;, and can 6a cumpe.led
by maadamut to perform that duty (B .yce ra. Board of
Suparviaora. be., 20 Barb. R., <Wi.
At tc your aecond qnMtion, it la my opinion that when a
claim agalotl tba county la tbua alluateJ by tbe Hupemaora,
and being within legal power of the HuperrWure to Incur In
compliance with the lection of tbe County Tax
Lery of 1MH, ahore referred to, tbe duly deyoifea
on you of railing tbe money to pay the
lame, aa prorlded for In laid aeetion, and you haye no
legal right t< refute to perfc ro that duty. A question a'mllar
to thta aroae in the caae of tbe People ax re', rimeenewa
teper ra tba Contro'ier, In which, aa you are awara, It waa
Bud by the Court iCerdvaa that a similar
provision In section 7 of chapter 853, lewi
of 18*8 (the city Us levy), mandatory,
and a Diandamui was t?ue>l to rompel yon to adjuat and
aettle the calm. This deciaton waa tn aeeordance with vari
on. adjintuc'lance, with varlou. adjudged caaea, which word
presented lo the Court on the adjournment, Toura truly,
RICHARD O'UORMAN, t'ounael to the (orporatlon.
And tlna deponent further aara: that he waa also advised
in aid atance by the aaid Mnyor, who waa an experienced
and prominent lawyer then in full practice, that said claims
havine been apposed and sivlted hy tbs said
Board of Fuperrlaora, the said Hoard of Audit
bad no power to reconsider the same upon theU
menti. no I that the onlv duty of aaid Board la
relation thereto waa to paaa them with the otlicial forma pre
liminary to their payment, all which advice, both trom aaid
Corporation Counac: and Mayor, thla defendant believed and
acted upon. And the aaid Mayor drafted anu offered the
revolution vet torth In the complaint against WiUtam M.
Tweed and others In the following words
Revolved, That the County Auditor collect trom the
appropriate commltteea of the Board of buper
y Ivors all bills and liabilities against the county
Incurred prior to April SC. 1870, and amounts now
due thereon; that the evidence of the same be
the authorization for the same by the aaid Board, or IU ap
propriate commltteea, on certificate of Clerk or President,
and that thereupon the aatd County Auditor aones the
.voucher to the appropriate blanks for our signature, as
directed bv the section aforesaid, sad payment.
And this deponent further says that as he Is advised
by counsel and believes the allegations in folios
44 and 45 in aaid complaint relating to the obligations
and means of payment of tba bonds therein mentioned
are mistaken ana erroneous; that, aa he la advised
by bis counsel and believes, the Corporation of the
ofty of New York having, through its appropriate
officers, and under the authority, and according to the
forma of law, Issued said bonds, and negotiated them
lo bono holders, and received through Its officers
the avails thereof, is legally bound to their redem
Uon. Agp that the people of the State of New York
as a body politio or otherwise, are under no legal
or moral obligations to pay said bonds, and have no legal
firlvity with the contract to create, ana have no legal right
it Institute or maintain any suit or proceeding In relation
theieto. Tula <lep< uent admits the allegations maintained
coutalneu in the fifth article in said complaint ao far aa
relaiei to the appointment ot a committee?lie re
quest to deponent?the oresfince Of the said ad
mitted accouuts tn tba Comptroller's office, and
tne larceny thereof and tbelr non-recovery; but Ibis depo
nent pretests against these and the other matters alleged in
auid article as irrelevant, and says that he, this doponent, at
once pursued rigorous measures to investigate said offence,
an i caused a criminal complaint to be instlluted against
one llaguertv and one Baulcb, employes in the County
Buildings, as'the perpetrators of the crime, and that they
are now In prison and under inalotmlnt therefor. And this
urpoucnt says that he has no association or connection,
directly or indirectly, with the commission of eaid offence,
or with tne removal of said vouchers. And
tnis deponent protests against the several allega
tions in the sixth article of said complaint, that
tbev are Immaterial to 'be proceeding against ibis d> poncut;
but'he avers and states that so far as he has any knowledge
or Iniormatlon. all raid allegations relative lo the action lu
st luted bv the Coruoratlon Counsel against tlila deponent,
and relative to the motives and purposes of the Mayor and of
said Corporation Counsel, aud as to the future prosecution of
such action, and ax to the faith and intent with which the same
was commenced, and has been aud will be conducted are
each aud all ot them acundulous. And this deponent is
now eubjectrd to an action in the name of the
Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the City of
New York, and to an. ther action in the name or tba
said Hoard of Supervisors, aud to this action for the same
cause and none other, and he Is now In strict confinement In
the common jail under the order of arrest made iu this actios,
because of h s inability to furnish the extraordinary amount
of ball-demanded to the sum of $.isl,U00.00U?and thla
without the slightest proof, as this deponent avers,
of a single fact or circumstance implicating this deponant
with any criminal or fraudulent purpose connected with the
audit or payment of the said claims, and without
the sligbtcal evidence that he, to any extent, par
ticipate In any disposition made of the money
received thereupon. And this deponent avers chat
be did not particlpats therein?that he believed
aud acted upon the advice as aforesaid received
from bis official adviser, the Corporation Counsel, and
from bis official superior, the Mayor of said city. Tnls
deponent denies all knowledge of the facts alleged In
the several affidavits attached to the complaiut, so far
as the same are material 10 thli action or to this de
ponent, and protests that the same are irrelevant
theieto. And ueponent further saya that he has no know
ledge of the facts stated In said complaint in t'ollo
twenty, and the succeeding folios to foilo forty-one,
and therefore denies tbs same, except that he believes
them to be true so far as tbey are founded on
entries In the books of the Comptroller's Department,
ana he believes Joseph B. Young to have been clerk
of said Board of Supervisors, and Albert C. Woodward to
have been his assistant. And this deponent
further saps that Uc is not inlormed of
and has no knowledge of the circumstances
referred to in the said affidavit of the said Beck
ham, upon which he avows bis conviction that this dcopnent
would immediately abscond from the United States If lie
should learn or suspect before his actual arrest that any
measure of a legal character were being taken against him;
hut this deponent charges and aver* trial whatever the cir
cumstances may be to which the said affidavit alludes, they
are falnclous that this deponent never contemplated
absconding from the United States under any cir
cumstances. and this deponent avers and charge*
that the sa <l Beckham, at the time of making his said
affidavit, did not have, and could not have nad, any
knowledge of any fuel or circumstance justifying the
conviction he asserts. And this deponent, further an
swering. denies that be was Induced so to appoint
said ifrern or tender his resignation by any appre
heution of discovery ami punishment, and denies that he
lias remained in the State because of the hopes attributed to
him in said affidavit of said Becaliam.
RICHARD B. CONNOLLY.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of Decem
ber, Itfll, Clarence Cary, Notary Public in and for the city
and county of New York.
THE SEW DJ^dlRtTIC DEPARTURE.
No Old Parry flacks.
To thb Editor of the Herald:?
Tlic probability galas ground that the democrats
and the disaffected republicans will unite upon a
candidate to defeat General Grant, for that the
present Incumbent of the White House will be re
nominated seems to be a "foregone conclusion."
But If the names that have already oeen suggested
for their standard bearer aro indicative of the
way they expect to accomplish this object I am
afraid that they will find themselves a year hence
In a more diviaed condition than they now are.
The putting of old party hacks in nomination nas
been tried too often under similar circumstances.
Such a course would clearly defeat the object de
sired. The nomination or eltner a strongly parti
san democrat or republican at this juncture
would revive old prejudices to an extent that
no ''appeals to the better Judgment" would over
come. This "healing of tne troubled waters'* gam
mon was tlie hue-and-cry thai carried Buchanan
into office: with what result is too well known.
What we want is a patriotic statesman, not a two
thirds politician and oue-tulrd statesman. There is
a man, whose name I have not seen mentioned
among the proposed candidates, who, I believe,
possesses. In a superior degree, tne requisite qualifi
cations, and is freer irom the objection of being com
muted, body and soul, to party, than anv other that
could be named. 1 mean Natnanlel P. Banks. As
to his eminent lltness lor tne position of Cnief Mag.
isirate, his successiul and brilliant career as legisla
tor and Congressman attests. His political oppo
nents acknow. edge that ne made one of the best
Governors Massachusetts ever nad; aud bb speaker
in Congress ne won the same high
praise. Administrative and executive ability
seem to be tne fortunate gifts of the man in a more
remarkable degree than very lew puuile men can
boast of. A truly great and honest man, his nomi
nation, I am convinced, would prove more accept
able to the masses than that of any other candidate.
Never having been a violent party man, his nomina
tion would be satisfactory to the democrats, while
bis courso as a judicious and patriotic member of
tne republican party, instead of an ambitious
brawler, would secure aim a support from the latter
extending beyond the opposcrs of General Graut.
Tne laboring classes would rally to his support with
an enthusiasm little less than devotion, for ne Is
"from tuein and of them;" while his course us a
servant of the wnoic people could not fall to secure
him (he confidence or our adopted citizens. Tnat
Governor Banks is the man for the emergency, botn
as to availability ami tltness, I earnestly believe.
Let us have a practical illustration of the "right
man in tne right place" once more. W. G. B.
DOW* WITH Tim HERO OF MEXICO.
To the Editor of the Herald:?
"Down with Juaroz I" u the universal cry of all
patriotism within the States of Mexico. Originally
seizing the reins of government as Chief Judge or
the Supreme Court through tnc weak defection of
the man wno at the time held the Presidential ofllce
and withdrew from holding It, the man Juarez for
thirteen years has usurped a title to the Presidency
by the most unscrupulous use of his position and
the most bloody uses of the most insolent of all the
generals which have disgraced the Mexican nation
for many years past. Juarez may be said to be the
Nero of the States of Mexico, lie caused a six years
hold ol the ^resiliency to be passed by the con
gress. He has already ruled the country in and
out ol Mexico I or thirteen years, and by
fraud, violence aud luiimidation has very
recently forced nimseii on tue country for six years
longer, making, if the last defiance ol the popular
will be permuted, nineteen years of the misuse of
power-he never having done anything enectually
to tranquillize the nation; on the contrary, he has
Oiled tue land wuu bloody decrees, murdered hun
dreds of the best men that ever lived, ol the better
or enllghtone.1 portion of the people?among others
oeueral Don Manuel Kobles Pezuala, one of the
most genero us, the most liberal arid the most patri
otic ol gentlemen, lie has caused by ms own per
sonal ambition such imprudent infamy to the
Injury of the well-wishers ot Mexico to be practised
by tho oillclal miscreants, whom he has
used for the viler instincts of tali demo
niac presumption, that there are but two or
three 01 the ambassadorial representatives of
nations to bo found near to the seat of government,
and the nation feels itself degraded by the fact that
such is the fact alone through the monopoly and
misuse of tue despotic power they despise. Mexico
never has yet paid a debt which her government
was under ooligacion to liquidate, and it Is nigh
time that the rule of Juarez a.iouid end, and that a
government acting for the nation and wisely inaugu
rated by the peoplo should be put in the plaoe of the
present failure.
Tinrteeu years of bloody violence shows the viru
lent incompetence of the man Juarez. The pro*
grossing expulsion of that despot Dut points out tne
noble opportunity by which Mexico and the United
burns may fraternally embrace a glorious means
to consolidate Hie just interests and wise
principles which, governing the authorities
at Washington, must also control the states of
Mexico. Prom 1S44 to 186s Washington diplomatic
correspondent on Mexican affairs for the Mexican
government, I give this letter over my old signature,
and, as I never wouid acknowledge Juarez Presi
dent, knowing by bis action that his ruling idea
was the self-possession of power ami not the best or
true interests of ins country. IJoln in the revolu
tionary shout In Mexico, "Down wttn Juarezl" With
Juarez dethroned tno Nero of Mexican violence will
be dead, and tho glory of the United mates will
thus, a? u privilege, become the glory of thejstates
of Mexico. paoihuaTok.
LOCAL GOVERNMENT.
Affairs Yesterday at the Pub
lie Departments.
Additional Security for the
Voucher Room.
Shaky Condition of the Conrt Moose Portico
It Ray Crumble at Any Moment.
Opening Another Section of the
Boulevard.
Strengthening the Fire
Department.
Saturday is generally a dull day at the publlo
offices and yesterday proved out a slight exception
to that general rale. The Court House and City
Hall were to a great extent deserted, and only a
few professional politicians and ex-office-holders,
seeking their pay, were to be seen In the hallways
and corridors and anterooms or the buildings In the
Park. As might natnrally be supposed, the depart
ment which attraots the greatest amount
of interest and attention is the Department of
Finance. Here dally congregate the employes of
the various other departments of the city and
county government begging for the money they
have earned, and getting always the sell same an
swer, "I will look into It and sec how It stands," or
elBO the highly consolatory remark, "There Is no
money and may not be auy lor some months; at
least, not till alter the Legislature meets and makes
some provision." Yesterday there was a steady
stream or callers to see the Comptroller, and the
general remark was
TUB UNIVERSAL GREEN-NE33
which seemed to pervade the entire omce. The
panes or glass In the partitions seemed to have a
greenish tint; tho elaborate frescoes on the ceiling
seemed to show their green groundwork, and even
the gas plpa hanging In the middle of ths
large room?the remnants of fallen grcat
ness?being that from which the immense
chandelier so suddenly dropped somo montns
ago, has accumulated a coating of greenish looking
mould. The majority of the callers yesterday
seemed to oo "greenhorns," and the clerks and
others In the various bureaus were undoubtedly
very green as to what was going on or wnat was to
be done In regard to any of the matters under con
sideration. while the great Green himself moved
about, listening to this one, answering another,
nodding to a tulrd and promising dozens that ho
would have their matters examined.
TIIK COUNTY 11URKAU RESIGNATIONS
have not yet been received, and the attaches of that
bureau are not likely to resign. The brilliant econo
mist with tne monarchical cognomeu seemed, ?es
terday, to be in an exceeding good humor ana
watcbe 1 the movements of the mechanics who are
placing massive iron shutters in the windows of the
room lrom which the vouchers disappeared, lhe
workmen go on
T11E FESTINA LENTB PRINCIPLE,
and make as many motions and as slow time as
any or the Park sweepers. These shutters are
great addendas to the saioty ol the room and its
contents. The papers are still kept in the common
wooden closets, while one respectable sizod sale
would contain all tue really valuable documents
that could accumulate In the office in ten y ears.
Anybody wishing to enter this room now
by tue windows at which these heavy Iron shutters
are ueiug placed would be obliged to procure a long
ladder and smash through au immense sheet of
Plate gliwa la lull view 01 passers-by on Chambers
Street; wnat these particular shutters are needed
lor is a mystery, unless they ate intended to give
the artifloora in iron
ANOTHER CLAIM AGAINST THJC COURT HOIT9B
for work dond had materials furnished which are
absolutely unnecessary. This system of economy
may be very fine. II it be economy It will require
very flue work to demonstate It to general sailalao
tlou. The Court House commissioners arc. of
course, some wnat exercised about the present
status ol atlairs. as they claim ir thev had had
but sixty davs longer tuey could have had the
work so much'lorwarded as to give the butlulug a
more finished appearance and at tho same time en
sure its periect aaiety against the incletaency of tne
weather. It may be interesting to the taxpayers to
know that as the bulldiug stands at present tnere is
great reason to fear
a grand tumbling down
of the splendid pillars and portico on the Chambers
street sldo The injunction came at such a tunc as
to stop the work beiore the massive entablature and
capitals on the columns could oe properly secured,
and a sudden, heavy storin or fall of snow inav set
tle on the stonework in such a way as to seud It
crumbling to the earth tu
A 8IIAPBI.K83 MASS OF RUINS.
The Commissioners have done their best to cover
the unfinished portions ol the work by moans of
boards' and planks In such a way as to protect It
temporarily against any sudden or severe change In
the weather, and ihey anxiously await some action
by the proper authorities to enable them to go
ahead aud secure the work In a proper manner.
AT THE CITT CHAMBERLAIN'S OFFICE
there was some reason yesterday for rejoicing. The
Comptroller had ac ually adowed the Chamberlain
bis salary, and had virtually recognized the City
Paymaster by authorizing him to go oat along the
line ol the Crotou Aqueduct to pay off the laborers
and mechanics employed along the lino of the
works.
AT Till MAYOR 3 OFFICE
matters were very quiet and nothing transpired
beyond ibe routine ol weokly rcnorts. Marshal
Hart reported that he had granted 213 licenses
during the week Just past and hau received $274,
aud Mr. Gus. D. Cardoso reported that he had
received 122 complaints of violations of Corporation
ordinances, and that he had referred them to tue
various aopartments having junsdtcilon. At lhe
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC I'AKKS
tne work goes on quietly and steadily. On Friday
another section of the Boulevard, lrom 138th to
152d street, was completed, anu yesterday the an
nouncement was made public that the drive, now
nearly Ave mlies In length, would be
opened to the public to-day. Further notice
was given to tne effect that McComb's
Dam bridge would lie opeu for (ravel to-day, from
eight A.M. to eight P. M. At the other depart
ments there was little of public Interest transacted
except at the Tax Receiver's and the Fire Depart
ment. At the former it was announced that
$23,981 73 had been received, making tho total for
the week $1,249,set).
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT
Is unlversallv acknowledged to be one of the nest, If
not tlio best managed department itt the entire local
government, and the most efficient institution of
the kind perhaps In the world. No sinecures are
allowed and no superfluous number of
attaches are engaged; but recent events have
shown that even Its excclleut discipline may
be obliged to suffer should any extraordinary
occasion?such as a Chicago visitation?come upon
the city. The Commissioners, therefore, believing
that an ounce of prevention Is worth a pound of
cure, met yesterday in special session and resolved
to adopt tho suggestion of the Committee on Appa
ratus. to the effect tnat the reserve iorce may bo in
creased to meet any possible emergency.
TUE NEW APPORTIONMENT.
To the Editor of the Herald:?
In looking over the provisions of the bill Intro
duced by Judge Mercur, of Pennsylvania, I find
that he lias arbitrarily fixed the ratio at about
138,000 persons, which gives 270 Representatives,
with fractions far more than a moiety for Rhode
island, Maine, Arkansas and Pennsylvania, making
280 Representatives In all. Representative Cook, of
Illinois, nas introduced a bill fixing the number or
Representatives at 281?the extra one lor Illinois.
Now, 1 nave calculated tue ratio at eacn number
from 275 to 290, inclusivo, and find the only number
at which the ratio can be fixed fairly and give each
ot the States having tractions greater than one
moiety to be 285, which wul give an additional
member to the States ot New vork, onto, Indiana
and Missouri, with no unrepresented fraction of
over one moiety or that ratio?i. p., 133.730.
The largest unrepresented traction would bo th?g
of Vermont?83,091?ana she might nuve au addi
tional representation, leaving New Hampshire the
only btate whose representation will be reduced, and
as stie has lost population since i860, it could uot be
considered a bardsnip.
New Yotk 33 Louisiana
Pennsylvania 28 south Carolina 6
Ohio 20 Maine 9
Illinois 19 California 4
Missouri 13 Connecticut 4
Indiana 13 Arkansas 4
Massachusetts 11 Minnesota 3
Kentucky 10 West Virginia 3
Tennessee 9 Kunsas 3
Virginia 9 Vermont 2
Iowa. 9 New Hampshire 2
Georgia 9 Rhode Island 2
Michigan 9 Florida J
North Carolina 8 Delaware J
Wisconsin 8 Nebraska J
Alabama 7 Oregon
New Jersey 7 Nevada l
Mississippi 8
Texas 8 Total 2sJ
Maryland 8 Vermont extra 1
Total
.288
THE SMALLPOX.
ITS RAVAGES DURING THE TEAR.
The Board of Health Fighting It-Ono Hundred
Thousand Persons Vaccinated This Year?
Eighteen Hundred and Fourteen Cases
Over Seven Hundred Deaths?How
the Patients Fare on the Island.
It is gratifying to learn (and the public will be
pleased to be informed) that this loathsome dis
ease?the smallpox?ts now well under control oC
the health officials and not litceiy to create much
more havoc if proper care be observed by tho
health inspectors and the people cheerfully yield to
the demand tor vaccination.
Yesterday careful inquiries were made of Sanitary
Inspector Moreau Morns relative to the ravages or
the disease stnce it became epidemic in January
last and that gcntlcmnu is sanguine of his ability
to stamp it out if the comptroller will supply tho
funds to carry on the work or vaccinating we pe*
pie. The disease first attracted attention on tho
l#thot last December, and apread, until, on the 1st of
January, it assumed epidemic pioportious. Tueso
cases reported lu the various months of the year
are as follows:?
tan narv 109 August
rebruary September. M
March 320 October
*ra?f, 271 November W
...200 One week December..
Rllij ??#???toe
jS?::::::::::::""""* Totai MU
Of tbesc 700 arc reported to have died or tho
disease, but the exact percentage cannot be ascer
tained, as many cases of the scourge are sent dl
reot from quarautyie to the hospitals and no re
ports are made oi t(|em to the Health Board, except
when they prove fulfil. Dr. Harris, however, esti
mates that about seventeen per cent of the cases
have resul.ed m death, as this Is a malignant typo
or the disease.
The energetic effort of the vaccinating corps of
Board ol Health has had much to do with the check
given It in tne city. Twenty-eight medical officers
were put at work car-y in the spring to vacciuato
the people, and up to October 1, wben the work was
abandoned for want or funds, 100,j00 persons had
submitted to their lances. Of these 40,000 were la
tne miotic schools ana io.ooo in parochial, industrial
aWrivato schools. Tho stoppage or this work m
October, It win be seen by ^ot' cases
th? (Iuaa^a irfi6 license, ftiid the number oi ombi
inorzMKX from 37 TO 157 1U OilC lllOUttl. lUlB SO
alarmed tlie autnoritles thai comptroller Oreene
w.q induced to ffivo $5?ooo lor tlic coniinuuucG
of the work, aud there are now sixteen physicians
or the Toard engaged in the vaccination. tHnco
ttioy have resamod the Sanitary Inspector rcpo^w w
marked abatement lu the disease, aud he is ve y
sangutue that it has spent its fury. ^eA.''?0^ pj"
sr.rr? ywl s^vsKf s.
prcctate the beuetlis oi such vaccination, anu are
convinced of the purity ot the vaccine matter,
their prejudices are succumbing lo reason, and they
K a ready acquiescence to me offers or the modi
HSasss'JS
who are constantly being Orought ln couuct wKh
the sinaiiD x, Not one has been attacked, and this
is attributed to their vaccination every spring.
The dlseuso is not contlncd oy any menus to any
warn si?eot or portion ol the city. It has appeared
in Ktftii Rvcnuo near Twenty?liurd street, us wc
?a mo novel.or' me poor, ">o
ars sis?*?$???
smallpox i3 reported, an inspector is
tmtnspector estimates that the c?3*
#>mniovmir teu ptiysiciaus in vatoioatluk iJUE
phasing material, would bo annul $20,000 per ycur,
and lie Is Impressed with the bctiel that"r*,ea I
A# 111o miiLuer demunds such work, letter lay
case was reported as having occurre<I I:i a jashioa^
nhio rmarter whore there are over sixty noaruers
fn fhe hoMe and In close proximity to a puotio
school. _
Hnnltnry Condition or tlio Schools.
In the report or the proceedings of tne Department
ot Public Instruction in yesterday's Issue au error
occurred. It was staled that Commissioner Cross
offered au amendment to a resolutiou appointing a
vlsttmg physician. The tollowmg are the facts?
Commissioner Van Vorsl offered a resolution thai
the Visiting 1'hysician of tho Department, Dr.
it. J. o'aulllvau, lie dlreoted to
tlio sanitary condition of the schools,
aud make from time to time such
miuffPHtion-i as fife may deem proper lor the Infor
mation or the department. To this rei0'nl^a
amen lment was offered by Commissioner
Ibat the physician ol the department actini CO
junction With tue Committee ou Course ot ^",llcsi
livglciiics. Ac., which amendment was actepiea
and tho resolution unanimouslv adopted. ''3
tion of tue department does not ncces.-iUato he
appointment of another physician, ""r cuu any
additional expense, as the prcseut Medical officer
ts fully competout to perform this with tne o^her
%"r.,liA?S.iw Ol .our*
form, aud one, no doubt, that will give great satis
faction to the public.
Who la Responsible Y
To tub Editor or tab Herald:?
Vyandenng a few days since to the lower or sonth
end of Blackwell's Island, I found a long, low,
wooden building, which might have been used in
the summer as a shod for the storage of lumber,
straw, Ac. Meeting a man In the grounds 1 told
him that I was a scribbler for a prominent public
Journal and that I should be glad or any Information
that be could give me lu regard to that part ot tho
Island. "Why, sir," said he, "tills Is the smallpox
hospital. The stone bouse and that light blue wooden
building are all used for smallpox patients. When
the patients convalesce in the pavilion they nre re
moved to tins place, winch we liuve christened
"Rung Branch." in reply to maay questions, I give
In brief the auswers:?our meat, butter, eggs and
tea (which are of nu Interior quality), uietil, soup,
bread and milk nro brought daily by runners irom
the cnarltv Hospital. We have a rough wooden
table, benches of the same character, ttu cups, tin
pans lor soup, and lately we were supplied with iron
stone cups, saucers auu nlatos, tin table and tea
spoons, very common knives and lurks. At the
stone house they get the meals for the boarders
supplied from a restaurant at Charity Hospital.
Tnev are brought by ruuners. All tne rest or I lie
patients fare mo same as ourselves, unless extra
met (consisting or heel tea, bartcv, und sometimes
wiue) is ordered by Hie doctor. We have cominuut
canon, of course, with other parts of the island.
The doctor from Charity Hospital visits us, aud the
nurses from the stone house visit ??Cuarit.v," as wo
call it for short, The matron of tho .smallpox Hos
pital visits tne Fever Pavilion, and goes up to
Charity to sec the chief whenever she has business
Willi hnn. our doctors are not paid, and have not
been since October l. The friends or Patients are
conveyed back and forth from tno fool of Filty-second
street by a prlvato boat, lor tho use or wliiob tliey
must nay fiifty cents per trip. We have uo chairs
In "Long Branch," but a few benches or stools with
out backs. I havo not seen a tablecloth since I
came here. A waslistand and white basin are un
heard of luxuries, i have been told by the old
boarders that they have a few basins In the stone
house, but uo wasnslanus or easy chairs of any
kind. It is not generally kuowu, yet it is a fact,
thai Hie doctors, nurses ami matron in visiting be
tweeu the sniallnox Hospital and Charity Hospital do
not change their clothing. The result or this is mat
the existence of quarantine is virtually annulled,
for I am told that the -"Chief," as well as tho In
specting physician, lias a general supervision of all
tne institutions on the island.
The nurses ana oruerues are generally old
habitues ol the Institution, either in Hie capacity of
patients or prisoners appointed by tUc commis
sioners for previous good conduct.
AN OLD CITIZEN.
8UPF03ED CHILD MURDER.
A Body Horribly Muillalcd.
A horrtbla case of child murder was yesterday
morning brought to the attention of Coroner Keenaa
by Sergeant Carr, of Hie Tenth precinct. At
two o'loclc In tno morning the remains wore found
In Houston street, near the Bowery. Both
legs were chopped off at the thighs
ami kiioes, scalp also lorn of)', and the
remains generally so much mutilated that It waa
found impossible to deterraino tno sex of the babe.
Captain Davis, of the Tenth precincr, sent the body
to the Morgue, notified Coroner Keenan, who will
give the matter nu investigation. Captain Darts
an 1 the members of his command arc ac
tively In scarctt of Information which will
show t>y whom the lniaut was so brulaliy
murdered, and special efforts are being
made to find the parents of the child. As yet, how
ever, the police have not tho least clue upon which
to work, and possibly may be unable to llnd any.
It is suspected b. many that the Infant had been In
the hands of medica'. students for acluutlUc pur
pose*