<\i

The Spy should have the eye of Argus: he is
hoiwrtdM if he do but look to the welfare of the
commonwealth.
WO R 6¥s TER
TVEsn.IT. NIHT.MIIEK S*. I*7l.
Many leading democrats appear to have given
up the next presidential election. The St. Louis
Republican says forty-one democratic papers at
the west naw advocate the “passive policy,” and
gives a list of them. This passive policy means
a suspension ot the democratic organization
during the next year nt least, in order to get up
a kind ft petroleum speculation for the benefit
of mourners for the lost offices. The passive
policy people ptopuse to form a combination for
the coining presidential canvass, which shall be
arrayed on a platform consisting of a single
plank, as follows: “Let us defeat General
Grant!” Differences on any other point will
not be considered. These operators hope to firm
“independent republicans’ (so they call them)
enough to nominate a republican against Gen.
Grant and make an encouraging show of oppo
sition. Then the democrats will join them with
a rushj make the canvass lively, and work in
hope of “defeating Grant.”
Perhaps they arc correct in assuming that the
republicans will renominate General Grant; but
are they quite sure of finding a satisfactory
nnmber of republicans to join them in this
speculation? Republicans of a quality to have
much influence arc not likely to join such a
movement. Most of the few named by these
“passive” intriguers may piefersomc other re
publican to Gen. Grant, as a candidate for the
presidency; but this doesnot mean that they ate
ready for such an entertainment as the St. Louis
Republican and others would prepare for them.
Nur is it likely that the great mass of the demo
crats can be won over to support the scheme.
The “new de pat tun” has drawn forth some
testimony on this point, which appears to be
conclusive. This having failed, how will they
be able to make this new onc plank contrivance
sue'cssful among democrats? Moreover, that
“old baby” down south has more friends than
these “passive” conspirators arc willing to see.
But the scheme is not a hopeful one, because it
is so openly reckless and unprincipled, that it
will repel those who mean to regulate their po
litical conduct by honest convictions, and have
no taste for political buccaneering.
A system of sewerage, novel in America,
though it is said tu have been in use two or
three years in the city of Prague, Bohemia, was
described in a paper read before the polytechnic
branch of the American institute in New York.
It is culled the pneumatic sewerage system, be
cause the pressure of the atmosphere is made
topiodm e the flow through the pipes. The
flow involves the division of a city into what
are called complexes and sub-complexcs.”
A sub complex consists of about two hundred
houses, and is provided with a large air-tight
iion reservoir into which lead the waste pipes
from each house. The complex includes all the
sub-complexcs within a radius ol about half a
mile, and is supplied with a reservoir simi
lar but of course much larger, with which
all those of the sub-complexes are
connected by pijics. The whole system of pipes
is provided with valves and cocks, by which the
circulation of the air is regulated. The pressure
is obtained by exhausting the air in the princi
pal reservoir, by means ot a large air pump,
driven by a steam engine. The pressure of the
outer air then drives through the pipes all their
contents, first into the smaller reservoirs, and
then into the larger one, clearing the whole
system, it is said, in less than five minutes.
The contents of the main reseivoir can then he
drawn off fcr use as a fertilizer. This plan is
regarded with favor in Europe, and is now being
introduced into several cities.
Mr. Gideon Haynes, who has been warden of
the state prison for fourteen years past, has of
fered his resignation, to take effect on the first
of December next. Mr. Haynes has been a
very efficient officer, treating tiie prisoners in
his charge with humanity, and so managing the
affairs of the institution that the profits of the
prisoners’ labor have paid all its expenses and
left a considerable balance lor the state treas
ury. The prison under his control has been one
of the best managed institutions of its kind in
the country, and was considered a model which
officers elsewhere have been accustomed to
study and try to imitate. The Boston Trans
cript says that General S. E. Chamberlain will
succeed Mr. Haynes, and gives a curious ac
count of the manner in which the change was
brought about. The governor and council, it
says, having in mind General (’hamherlain’s
services in the army, and the fact that his
present position, that of assistant ad
jutant general in charge of the Cam
bridge arsenal, is not lucrative, looked
about to sec if they could not pro
vide him with something better. The result
of their sutvey was the conclusion that, as Mr.
Haynes had held his office a long time and
General Chamberlain seemed well qualified for
its duties, the former had better retire so
that the latter might be provided for. Accord
ingly Governor Claflin suggested this view of the
casein a letter to Mr. Haynes, who cheerfully
acquiesced and sent in his resignation and
General Chamberlain will be nominated and
confirmed today. This is the Transcript’s story
—not ours. If true, it is a little strange. We
have every reason to think highly of General
Chamberlain and are quite ready to believe that
he will prove an efficient warden. But it is not
like Governor Claflin nor in accordance with
sound policy, as it seems to us, to remove an
unusually good officer to make a place for
one who, it is hoped, may prove as good, but is
extremely unlikely to be better.
The disaster to the Arctic whaling fleet seems
to have fallen most heavily, not upon New Bed
ford, whose capitalists furnished the vessels and
their equipment as well as the insurance. Their
pecuniary loss, of course, was the greatest, but
they were generally very well able to bear it,
and probably no ether interest in a city of that
size cuuld have been so little inconvenienced by
losses to the same amount. To Honolulu, which
had no capital directly invested in the whaling
business, the loss is more serious. A large part
of the most profitable business of that port con
sists in furnishing supplies to the whaling fleet,
and the loss of that business for this season is a
serious blow. The Commercial Advertiser of
Honolulu says: '‘There is not a single branch of
industry in the islands, not n man, woman or
child, that will not. either immediately or ic
mutely feel the effects, in the decreased circula
tion of money through its numerous wonted
channels. Ilie situation is much worse, finan
cially, than as though 1200,000 in coin had been
sent out of the country at one time to pay for
goods, inasmuch as we have the goods on our
hands to be aid for, but shall not receive, from
tins source, the expected money wherewnh to
pay. We mention the amount'of §200,000, be
cause a fair estimate would place that figure as
the probable amount of money that would have
ecu left here this tall but for the destruction of
the fleet. To some branches of business in this
city, the result wHi ire disastrous in the extreme,
ami the outlook fur the twit three months is
anything but encouraging. Let no one Alter
himself that he will not suffer with his nei'di
iMir s mislortunes. We aie like a house builtof
cards—remove one, and the others tumble.”
Another paper published there sometime ago,
declared that the business of the whaling Acet
had ceased to be an important element of the
prosperity of the place. Now that this busi
ness is lost fur the present, the loss does not
seem so insignificant as it did in anticipation.
“The Guam* Duke Business/ —The New
York Standard reports that Catacazy or some
body (Ise who “manages the grand duke busi
m ss/’L-making money cut of it. It calls on
Catacazy tc explain, tn “a prompt and direct re
ply” tu its statement, and says:—
“limdy information on this point might help
to disprove assertions which are, tu sav the
least, startling. A.-, fur instance, the fast
spiadiug scandal that a certain citizen, o-tra
by the committee of citizens that wel
corned Hie grand duke to tbe ritv, Kiibsenacntlv
seared !or bm. It the t-oveled honor olanim
troduction to the imperial gne.t bv the n-rv
rneutoi a lee ol *SOOO. Trul™ prinwlyS
for an enlightened American reeman to pin tor
the privilege of reeitig a Russian duke. But if
»a. paid r Ul a who 11Hik
it. borne om-. ol course, who had theaWlitv to
Carrin by bestow ing the desired introduction
and an tbe story goes that the high-uri. ed inter:
vi.-w ocenrn-d lute In th.- day, when the various
MMv men had rehnquislrcd their boapita-
We uvio upu i the young gentleman, the limit of
imp.rry wvuiu seeu. to Ue conveniently circua-
Ilnngrr* of Knifwny CroMinp.
The frequency of fatal accidents to persons
crossing or otherwise being upon the tracks of
railways passing through this city, deserves
more serious attention than has yet been given
to it. I hesc fatalities occur much oftener than
we like to think of, and a great porpoition of
them along the line of one railroad, the Wor
cester and Nashua. The coroners inquest gen
erally, if not invariably, results in a verdict that
nobody is to bln me, and this verdict doubtless
seems to be justified by the evidence. We
think, however, that it is not entirely satisfac
tory to rest in the comfortable conclusion that
the victims’ carelessness was the sole cause ot
their fate, un i so dismiss the subject from
further consideration. An examination of the
facts in each ease may show that if the per
son killed had used reasonable care and
prudence he would have escaped injury, and it
may be true that a man, always vigilant, selt
possessed ami active, may for years go safely
about his business in all parts of the city; but
this is not the degree of safety which is desira
ble, or which we hanfa light to expect. It is
not extravagant to demand that our highways
may be traversed in reasonable security, not
only by persons who are constantly on the
alert, but by those also who use only ordinary,
or even somewhat less than ordinary caution.
It is a fact well known and recognized that per
sons morally or physically incapable of taking
perfect care of themselves,children and cripples
for instance, or those whose sight or hearing is
defective, do go about our streets. It may be
impossible to ensure perfect safety for them, or
to put them on a level in this respect with per
sons in the maturity and full possession of all
their faculties, but it is not impossible to pro
vide such safeguards that no place where thev
may lawfully go shall be full of imminent peril.
The fact that these accidents do occur so of
ten is evidence enough that some precautions
not now employed, should be tried to prevent
them. It is not right, and ought not to be tol
erated, that those who have the authoiity mid
duty to prescribe regulations for the conduct of
railway traffic, upon and across the streets of
this city, should rest content with such safe
guards as, in tlieii opinion, are sufficient to pro
vide for the safety of prudent people. They
must recognize the fact that there are impru
dent people, and must protect them, as far as
possible, irom the consequences of their ovn
hecdlcssness. The failure to do this is equiva
lent to a decision that here want of caution is a
capital crime, to be punished summarily and
pitilessly by the most horrid of deaths. It is
quite time for an inquiry, by some competent
authority, to ascertain what additional safe
guards should be provided for the protection of
life in our streets, where they arc crossed by
railways at grade. The delay caused by the
frequent passage of cats and locomotives, and
their stopping upon street crossings, while trains
arc being made up, is a serious evil; but
it sinks into insignificance, compared
with the loss of life. It may not be
possible to change the grade of
tracks and streets, so that there shall be no
grade crossings; but if that, which would be the
most effectual remedy, cannot be employed,
some other must be found. This at least the
public have a right to demand, that a sufficient
number of persons be employed by the railroads,
and so stationed and instructed that everybody
shall have ample warning of approaching dan
ger. The simple requirement that whenever a
car not preceded by an engine is moving across
a street a man shall invariably be stationed on
that end of it which is in advance, would proba
bly have prevented the sad calamity of last Fri
day. Wc trust the city government will take
this matter in hand, consider what further pro
tection the railroads may reasonable be required
to provide for the safety of the public, and, if the
authority to enforce such requirements does not
now exist, ask for the intervention of the legis
lature at its approaching session.
Indian Affairs.—A letter from Samuel
Bowles, dated at Denver, CoL, Nov. 20th, and
addressed to the Springfield Republican, has
among other things the following in regard to
Indian affairs and the new commissioner:
“Our friend, Gen. Frank Walker, passed me
here on his way back from the forts anil Indian
agencies in the Sioux country, a hundred miles
north and vast—his bairgage big, I suspect, with
the scalps and characters ol various Indian
traders and contractors, politicians and specu
lators, in this quarter. These people have met
their Tilden and O’Conor, 1 trust, in Walker,
and he will be likely to ‘raise their scalps’ as re
lentlessly as they have been ‘raising’ their bills
against the government for Indian supplies.
I hey have turned in small Texas steers and
cows, weighing 600 to 800 pounds each, at 1600
pounds each to the government for the Indians,
and then stolen them back again, while the
same thousand sacks of flour have been sold
over and over to the same blind old gentleman
whom we conveniently call ‘Unde Sam/ There
is great desire among the leading and honest
citizens of this region that so vigorous, intelli
gent and honest an administrator of affairs as
Gen. Walker is may be induced to take the head
of the Indian bureau, for then there would be
hope, at least, that order could be brought out
ol its chaos, honesty out of its corruptions, and
an intelligent and sensible policy out of its
present confusion, inconsistency and doubt. I
am sure theie is a way of treating the Indians
more practical and more creditable than that
which has prevailed; a way equally removed from
the weak sentimentalism ol a ol\er and the
wicked blood-thirstiness of a Chi vington. And
if the president and congress will give Walker
a fair chance, and he will make it a rule to spend
a third to hall his time ‘in the field,' I know no
man whose character and capacity promise so
well for achieving it. But it is a big undertak
ing for any man, and the bravest and best might
well hesitate to encounter the perils which the
Indian rings, the greedv politicians, the army,
the sentimentalists, and the extenuinatois unite
to throw around it.”
Tea Culture ix the United States.—The
following letter, received at the bureau of statis
tics, has been referred by Dr. Young to the com.
missioner of agriculture for consideration:
4 Stoneleigh Villas,
Eiuth, Kent, England, November 6,1871.
Sir: 1 am induced to ask if there is any
hope of the cultivation of tea being undertaken
by the government of the United States in Cali,
fomia, Carolina, or elsewhere, and if so, at what
period.
Machinery is now employed, reducing to a
great extent the labor required in the manufac
ture, and the cultivation would be a most impor
tant addition to American industry.
1 am now very desirous to emigrate to Ameri
ca, and as I am a tea planter in fact, I beg to in
close my testimonials, asking you to kindly rep
resent my claims should the opportunity arise.
1 have more information relating to tea in
manuscript than most (certainly more than has
yd been published,) which I should be glad to
publish if encouraged to do so.
I am, sir, yours obediently.
James McPherson.
To the minister, statistical department, Wash
ton, D. C.
It iippears from the testimonials inclosed with
the letter that Mr. McPherson was formerly em
ployed in the famous Kew Gardens, near London,
and has subsequently had the charge of an ex
tensive tea plantation near Madras, in the East
Indies, where he took the prizes of the agri
liorticultural society for three years for the best
samples of India and China teas.
He has also recently received the commenda
tion of the India committee of the society of arts
(England) for an essay on tea culture, ns con
taining much information as to the growth and
manufacture of tea in India.
.H iarr Ilnur oum It«iu«.
The jail at Augusta, Ga., eaught fire Tues
day night, and was only saved from destruc
tion by the bravery of a negro prisoner, who
went out upon the roof—which is so steen as
to make the mere act of standing a t.erilous
water a d d,< n l lc flanles buckets of
Ttie Ottawa (Ont G izette contains the cen
sus returns lor 1871, showing the total popula
tion of the Dominion at 3,484,924, an average in
crease of about twelve and a half per cent since
1861. The present population nt Ontario is
1,620,842; of Quebec, 1,190,505; of New Brons
wick, 285,777; and ol Nova Scotia. 387,801). The
percentage of increase in the last ten wars is-
Ontario, 16 1-10; Quebec, 7 1-5; New Biuns
wick, 13}; and Nova Scotia, 17 1-5.
Elder Weaver, a man who has preached the
gospel with good success for forty five years
who is now settled over the Baptist church in’
Voluntown, stated in an address to the Sunday
school in the f'ongregational church in .h-wett
City, that he had heard a man say that he had
read the Bible through in s xty hours. Deter
mined to ascertain whether the individual told
the truth or a fie, he set about it himself, and
H ad the whole of it aloud to his w ife in filtv
iiini' hours ami something over thirty minutes.
He read sometimes an hour, and sometimes two
!na;r- a day, keeping the exact time, with the
result indicated above.
Ilie Puris Patric nays: It is announced that
v c uvl '""U"iit will shortly return to Paris.
Aotning is yet decided upon that wint, but the
question mu-t be submitted to the assembly
1,1 the CTent of an sffimiu
live von,the measure could not be carried into
executioni belote the 10th or the 15th of Jan-
U4iy, 1872, on account ol the time which will
be indispensable lot making the neccessarv
preparations lot the accommodation of the
Chamber. In the meantime the works heron at
cisaill.-s, in order to complete the an ominoda-
Hou lor the different ministries, are bcin- con
tinued. The chamber will resume its sittings on
Monday, Dec. 4. Already a large ol
m>-mb -is acting upon the different committees
have returned, and have resumed their labors,
gailn Spn: Wtaesftr, Jbbtmbcr 28, 1871.
Mr*. Jnbcz Baxter.
(The following sketch by Mr. F. W. Loring,
for the Independent, is believed to be the last
article written by him fur publication, A note
accompanying it was dated “Somewhere In
Aiizonn, Oet. 14th”:J
lam shortly going to become an outcast. I
have said that some miners were lawless and
Inutish; how can I live on the Pacific coast
then? I have lidiculed <mc or two of what
seemed to me little snobberies in my dear native
city, Boston; and so what can I do in the states?
New York seems unsafe to me, here among the
Apaches, where, lings do not exist, and I am
puzzled a little about where to flv for retuge,
when I start to leave the southwest. And yet,
bad as matters are, I am about to make them
worse by telling—
1. A story a'lmt a member of the Nevada legis*
I a tn re.
2. A story about a member of the Massachusetts
legislature.
1. There was an orphan asylum in Virginia
city, governed by Catholics ami superintended
by sisters of charity. This orphan asylum ap
plied to the legislature for aid, and there was, of
course, an animated debate. One member sug
gested the propriety of “first getting your or
phans before you help your asylum,'' Armlhel
replied that from the accounts ot the Kewillogat
and Pcpoieka papers, orphans were likely to
abound in Nevada during the next few vears. A
third, in a “burst of spontaneous eloquence.'’
said, warmly: “God bless the widows ami or
phans and them as makes them.” Finally it
was decided to Send the member from Red Oak
to investigate, as a special committee, the asy
him in question. Sister Agatha, who was in
charge, showed him the asylum ami its con
tents, and the Red Oak statesman was deeply
impressed. “Well, Miss Agatha,’’ he said,“you
are a high toned woman, mid I like your style.
I shall make a favorable report. Good-by
Shake hands, Miss Agatha. Miss Agatha, won’t
you?” Thereupon Sister Agatha explained
that sisters, as i rule, did not shake hands. The
men Pier Horn Red Oak was equal to the emerg
ency. He repented his words of commcmlatioik
ami then—well, then he slapped “Miss Agatha”
heartily on her buck, and lett her in a state of
pleasure nt his geniality, h was another mem
ber of the Nevada legislature who told me this;
so. of course, it must Iw true.
2. There was a member of the Masttnchu-ctts
legislature who hail occasion to call on the R-v.
Father O’Reilly on a .matter of business, lie
knocked at the father’s door. Servant girl ap
peared. Was the father’ in 9 No, not any.
Where had he gone? The servant did pot know.
Would he be back soon? The servant thought
not.
“It’s reallv very annoying,” said the member
of the Massachusetts legislature, thoughtfully,
“for 1 wanted to see him on very important busi
ness. Isn’t Mrs. O’Reilly in!
This second story is given to appease any pos
sible or probable Californian w ho will thirst for
my blood lice a use of Mrs. Jabez Baxter. Hav
ing insulted Massachusetts, my own state, by
asserting in the foregoing story that all mene
tiers us her legislature must logically be idiotic,
how is it reasonable to suppose that I am not in
sulting California, and asserting that all her citi
zens aie ns great beasts as Mr. Jabez Baxter in
the following romance. Let it pass, however.
I accept tlic fact, new to me, that one swallow
does not make a summer, and proceed to mj’
Romance
(Founded upon Fact.)
In the Minim r of 1871 a weary traveler might
have bcm seen riding through the verdurous
lanes of Owen’s valley, California.
The scenery about him was unquestionably
high-toned in the extreme. To Ilie right the
Sierra Nevada, with its snow-capped peaks and
purple sides, stretched its >low length along like
a needless Alexandrine. To the left willows were
seen lining the fertile meadows; and the musical
ripple ot innumerable mountain streams, en
gaged in irrigating just as hard as they could
was heard.
The traveler could not he called handsome.
His complexion was black and tan; his hair,
short and spiky, was admirably calculated to
defy the attempts of any Indians to secure his
scalp, while his beard flowed in irregular but
luxuiiant masses over his chin and neck. In
justice, however, to the rider, it should be re
marked that Ins attire was not calculated to en
hance anv personal attractions which he might
otherwise have been credited with A blue scar
lel-and-green flannel shirt, much failed and
shrunken, ami entirely destitute of buttons, en
folded his thorax, ami was itself pai tially covered
by a tattered vest, whose lining floated in shreds
liehind him in the breeze. The biimof his bat
had apparently suffered mastication, while the
crown presented a crushed-and-sat-upon aspect.
One suspender held up bis blue army trowsers,
on the cerulean background ot whose materials
stains and black thread could lie discerned. Yet
this man was a youth of promise, with a rising
literary reputation and a liberal education. In
his pocket was a pencil and note book, and on
his blow a shadow, which might have been care
or which might have been contrariness.
“Come, get up, Evil Merodacli,” he cried, ad
dressing his mule in an energetic manner, with
forcible language,“for we have a long way logo
before we reach camp. Hollo, there’s a ranche.
Perhaps I can get some milk there.” He spurred
his mule I’m ward until he reached the gate. A
small girl, apparently nine yearsol age, appeared
at the door.
“Have any soldiers gone by here? ’he asked.
“Yes,” said the child; "and they’re in camp
about a mile from here.”
“Then,” said the stranger, dismounting, “I
can wait a moment. Is your mother in?”
“No, sir,” said the small child. I don’t have
her round here, you bet.”
“Well, is your father in?”asked the stranger,
again.
“No, sir,” said the child. This ranch ain’t
the old man’s, no way. It belongs to Baxter—
Jabez Baxter, Esquire.”
“Well, is Mr. Baxter in, then?”
“No, he ain’t.”
“Well, is his wife in, then?”
“Yessir. lam her.”
“What!” said the stranger.
“I’m Mrs. Baxter,” said the little girl.
“Airs. Baxter,” said the stranger, “how old
are vou?”
“Going on ten,” said Mrs. Jabez Baxter.
“Ami bow old—Mrs. Baxter, do you read the
newspapers?”
“Once in a while,” said Mrs. Baxter.
“Baxter, then, I suppose, does not take one?”
“No, sir,” said Mrs. Baxter, “but he borrys
one sometimes.”
“Well, v said the inquisitive stranger, “1 am
going to interview you. Were you ever inter
viewed, Mis. Baxter?”
“No,” said Mrs. Baxter. It don’t hurt none,
docs it?”
“Not as a rule,” said the inquisitive person,
taking his note book out.
“Well, say,” said Mrs. Baxter, “I ain't going
to let you do it for nothing, you know.”
“Certainly not,” said the inquisitive person.
“How much do you want?”
“Well, about four bits would be right,” said
Mrs. Baxter.
“Give me tt glass of milk,” said the stranger,
“and answer some questions, and you shall have
four bits.”
“Go ahead,” said Mrs. Baxter, concisely.
“Tell me,” said the inquisitive person, “how
you came to marry Mr. Baxter?”
“Well,” said Mrs. Baxter, “women is scarce
round here, and Baxter wanted some help, and
lie won’t have no Chinesearound bossing things
when he’s away. Me and him’s both down on
them fellows. .So Baxter and dad, who was old
partners, determined that I’d better marry him,
as 1 was the oldest. I’ve got a sister living;
she's only seven. She wanted to get married,
too; but warm said she wam’t going to have it.
no way. No child of her’n should lie married’
before she was eight years old.”
“Your mother must be a nice woman,” said
the inquisitive stranger, writing. “1 should like
to know your mother.”
“Oh! she'd just as lieves,” said Mrs. Baxter.
“She ain’t a hit particular, she ain t.”
“And—it’s a delicate question—but arc you in
love with Mr. Baxter?” asked the rising jour
nalist.
“1 guess so,” said Mrs. Baxter. “He treats
me pretty well, and let’s me go for them hinese
that he employs; and that’s bully good fun. I
tell you. But 1 reckon 111 get divorced before
long. I know a girl, she ain’t only three vears
older’n me, and she’s married to hersecond hus
band already.”
“You’re a rule, then, and not an exception,”
said the inquisitive person.
“Hey?’’ said Mrs. Baxter.
“Are there many other girls of your a ,r e
around here who are married?”
Three or four,” said Mrs. Baxter. “You ask
a heap of questions, don't you?”
“1 do, Mrs Baxter,” said the stranger, “and
it is thus that I acquire a princely income and a
world-wide reputation. Here are your four bits
Poor little girl! Tell Mr. Baxter that 1 will send
him a newspaper before long. Do I keep to the
right or the left?
“To the right, stranger.” said Mrs. Baxter.
“Come, Evil Mero Inch, let's go to ramp
said the strangei* and, mounting his mule he
buoyantly rode awav.

This is all of the great American romance
that I am going to give tu the readers of this
paper at present. In three or four years 1 will
have the second installment readv. The scene
will lie laid at Hull, Mass and the villain will
be a hotel keeper there, who charges a transient
guest fifty cents for using a towel. Alter that
I suppose I never can visit Hull again. But no
matter for that. It is my intention to expose
in a trenchant ami vigorous manner some of
the abuses of American society, even if 1 forfeit
the delights of Hull forever.
In three or lour years the original of Mrs.
Jabez Baxter will be even more developed,
physically and mentally, than now, thanks to
the climate of California. It cannot be that the
romance ol her life has ended with her mar
page. On the contrary, I fear it has just
begun. Poor little girl, it seems cruel that am
climate should be so developing as that in Cali
lonna, if such outrages as your storv are to
follow. In three or fouryeaiß, when the second
chapter is ready, either special legislation will
pievent the recurrence of such exceptional cases
a- yours, or else you will be qualified to fill
some position ol public trust and honor under
the coming administration of that eminent
stateswoman, Mrs. Victoria C. Woodhull. And
then, too, it is to be hoped that the “rising
young journalist” who interviewed you will
have outgrown his present yeasty state, and be
better able to do your stoiy full justice.
The London Spectator and the New’ Yoik
Evening Post have had an odd difference ot
opinion regarding the estimate of Shakespeare
in “Taine's English Literature.” The Spectator,
after exhausting the language of eutogv on the
the book, declares that the estimate of 'Shakes
peare is one of its best features. The Post
praises the book, as a whole, in the most enthu
siastic terms, and says the estimate of Shakes,
peare Is utmost its only blemish.
Natural Soda Fountains A correspond 6
ent of the Philadelphia with the liny
den geological survey, Writes from Hear Hivcf,
Wyoming teCr’iuiy, as Follows:
Near cur camp was one of these springs,
where, from a small opening in the bank of
the creek, flowed pure soda wiHci'i "tnmglv
chargid with cdfboilit' field UM. 1 hesiiirbiHid-
Ing soil was of a ferruginous character, and
the deposit of soda in and nround the spring
was stained by a bright red color. Making
some syrup with bottled little Juice, we spent
notile time at the spring, where, from mir natur
al fountain, we dipped the Watch fitid drank it
to our heart’s roti ten b EleVfiting the dipper,
r poured the water into the syrup, and drank
it foaming and sparkling, ns good, if not better,
than any wc drank at home. Walking down
the riVer batik for almut half a mile, we found
another spring of n week solulion ol sodd 4 but
:-o slrohgiy charged with carbonic add gas that
it bubbled and boiled, throwing the water at
least a foot in height. This fountain was in a
beautifully rounded basin of soda deposit, the
white salt and iron deposit making a pretty
natural receptacle about one foot in diameter
and perfectly symmetrical. Near by were sey*
oral fissures in the earth, where the carbonic
Held gas alone escapen forcibly* while the
ground Surtbumiing these openings Was
quite warm. The first-mentioned spring,
where we enjoyed the water, Was icc-cold,
while the one we have just mentioned av
erayed ninety-six degrees, and was only
pleasant its a bath. All around, covering at
least two square miles, could be seen mounds
formed by the deposit hum old springs which
had ceased flowing, ami places from twenty to
thirty feet square were entirely coveted with
this deposit In htyefs |marly twenty feet in
thickness. About a mile from eamp am! to the
southeast wc discovered a strong spring gushing
out near the loot of a mountain. Here was
such tl saturated solution of lime and soda, (hat,
as soon as the carbonic acid gas escaped and the
water (w hich can hardly be called such) ceased
t be imitated, the two salts in Combination set
tled upon and encrusted the grass, and, in fact,
everything within reach. Sticks, leaves and
mass were enveloped and cemented together so
that large masses could be broken off, and, as
each retained its new shape, the specimens were
perfect. They looked like masses of vegeta ion
petrified iti the act of mowing, so Well did they
retain their shape, and we found it quite diffi
cult to pack the specimens we took back to
camp, on account of their being exceedingly
fragile ami brittle. It was a Curious sight, as
the surface of the ground sparkled in the sun
light, making that particular area appear as if
visited by a perm ment hoar frost, and, as the
spring flows on, the encrustations gradually
spread, until at present they cover nearly an
a rc. The water of this spring is of no use as
yet, but as the nelglibothood becomes settled It
may prove of value.
“I Acknowledge tue Gorx»”—ln his new
book on “Americanisms,” Professor Scheie do
Vere of the university of Virginia discusses the
origin of this phrase among others. He says:
The Hon. Andrew Stewart, member of con
g ess from Pennsylvania, claimed in a recent
speech to have caused its first appearance in
public, In 1828 he was in congress discussing
the principle of ’protection,' and Said, hi the
course of his remarks, that Ohio, Indiana and
Kentucky sent their haystacks, cornfields and
fodder to New York ami Philadelphia for sale.
The lion. Charles A. Wickliffe, from Kentucky,
Jumped up and said i ‘Why, that is absurd.
Mr. Speaker, I call the geilticnutn to order. He
is stating an absurdity. We never send hay
stacks or cornfields to New York or Philadel
phia.’ ‘Well,’ said I, ‘what do you semi?'
‘Wbv, horses, mules, cat le, hogs.’ ‘Well, what
makes your horses, mules, cattle, hogs? You
feed a htindicd dollars Worth of hay to a horse
you just animate and get upon the top of your
haystack and tide off to market. How
is it with your cattle? You make
one of them curvy fifty dollars worth
of hav and grass to the eastern market.
Mr. Wickliffe, you send a hog worth ten dollars
to an eastern market; how much corn docs it
take at thirty-three cents a bushel to fatten it?’
hy, thirty bushels.’ ‘Then you put that thirty
bushels of corn in the shape of a hog, and make
it walk off to the eastern market.’ Mr. Wickliffe
Jumped up and said: ‘Mr. Speaker, 1 acknowledge
the corn.’
“The other popular account us the phrase
ascribes it to the misfortunes us a flaiboatman
who had come dowm to New Orleans in two flat
boats, laden, the one with corn, the other with
potatoes. He was tempted to enter a gambling
establishment, and lost his money and his pro
duce. On returning at night tithe wharf, he
found his boat with corn had sunk In the river,
and when the winner came next morning to de
mand the stake, he received the answer,
‘Stranger,! acknowledge the corn, take ’em;
but the potatoes you can’t have, by thunder!
The Production of Iron and Steel Di
rectly from the Ore is a problem which has
long engaged the attention of inventors in this
country and abroad, but which is now believed
to haw been solved by a regenerative furnace
devised by Mr. Siemens. The process consists
in exposing a mass of ore, which may or may
not be mixed with reducing agents or fluxes,
upon an inclined surface, to the surface action
of intense heat, and in introducing at the same
time a current or currents of combustible gases,
or petroleum oil, in among the mass, from be
low the inclined surface, so as to percolate
through the mass of ore, affecting or aiding in
its reduction and at the same time enveloping
its surface where exposed to the flame in a de
oxidizing or reducing atmosphere, tending to
facilitate its fusion. The fused metal and cin
ders accumulating at the foot ot the inclined
surface are from time to time removed, while a
mass of ore is maintained upon the inclined
plane by its own gravitation, fresh ore being
supplied from hoppers at the lop of the incline
in regular quantities. The process is simple,
and the quantity of steel produced is very flue.
The London Times of the 18th inst., has the
following: The Independence Beige of yesterday
announces that on Saturday morning the mar
riage of Prince Pierre Bonaparte with Mme. Riff
ton was celebrated at the French legation at
Brussels. The marriage, it says, was but the
consecration of a union contracted years ago,
before the civil officer of a small town in Bel
gian Luxemburg, named Laeuisme. That union,
from which had issued two children, has been
disapproved by the ex-emperor, who, by virtue
of the laws of the empire, declared the ceremo
ny null and void. I lie empire having fallen,
the prince desired to legitimize his children, and
therefore the parties presented themselves before
the French minister, who, in reply tv a question
from the prince, said that they were acting
strictly according to law'. The marriage con
tract was read and duly signed, after which the
parties were declared to be regularly married.
Bargains in overcoats at I>. H. Eames' one price
clothing house.
MAKKKTB.
NEW YORK. STOCK MARKET.
New York, Nov. 27.—Money was active at 7 per cent
currency to gold, with little relaxation at the cfose, the
lab st transactions being at 6 frl 7 per cent; prime dis
counts s (ft; BJi per cent Sterling exchange was weak, at
10sX (a, Ito. Gold was dull at 110 w Huh, and loans 1
3 percent. Clearings SKOOt'.tML Governments were
quiet and steady. State bonds steady South Carolinas
strong and active. stocks S lh percent lower, with
pressure to sei hut with a trifle advance on the last fig
ures. A Northwestern dividend of only 3n per c- nt on
preferred t hares c rated cond terabit uisappmntmcnt.
Lnited .Mates sixes, loot IITSi
United states 5-29'8, 1562, coupons 'ill
IBG4. Hl#
1865, HIM
new 1865, 113*6
i«>7,
>B6B, 114*
10-40 s 109 4
United States currency hs imq
Western Union Telegrapn company 67
Pacific Mail Steamship company 4 ci
B. Y. Central Hudson River consol'd, 92
do do do do scrip K7'«
Eri* railroad 30%
do preferred 64
Harlem rahruM
do preferred naq
Reading railroad
M ichi k.an t. nt ml rai i re*d H 7
Uuion Pacific railroad stock 27'4
Panama railroad 55
X.SKC «uorc A rau southern i. R xv'i
Illinois Central railroaj i„2)i
Cleveland and Pittsburg lanroad 125
Chicago and Northwestern rallrcao 61H
Jo do nrofefrec go l 8
Cleveland. Columbus Cincinnati railroad. .x 4
New Jersey entral railroad in
*..d iwtß isiaua laurodv 103 4
Milwaukee and Bt. Paul railroad. 4 4
do do pref 7k*
Toledo and Wabash railroad 6Pi
do pref 8_»
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 96
Alton and Terre Haute railroad L 5
do preferred 50
Chicago and Alton railroad noq
do preferred 120
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 41 ’4
Hartford and Erie railroad
Columbus. Cincinnati «Ind. Central R R ....lax
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy R R 128
Hannibal and St Joseph R K 52
central Facioc gold bonus K»3’i
Cnion Pacific railroad Ist mon. 6s 91 q
Union Pacific land grants
I nion l'acilic railroad income 10s
Tennessee state 6'B, new 65
Virginia stale 6's, new 66
Missouri state 6s
North Carolina state 6s, new m
South Carolina6s. new 31,14
HOMTGN STOCK SALEM Nov. 27
sl7.’(M United States Five-twenties. '62,call..llo't@HoX
>LiNM) Hartford amt Erie railroad 7s. new -q
SLOW Ogdensburg A Lake Champlain II 8.-, old 102
6 Boston ana Albany nuiroiui m
200 Cin. Sanduckv and Cleveland R K "o
22 Eastern railroad 107 H
60J Indianapolis and Cim innat i railroad.... 7 k (a 7
10 Michigan Central railroad iriu
'lo 'lo right. I m
13 Northern railroad
5 Norwich ami Worcester railroad ll7’a
12 Ogdensburg Lake. Cnampiaiu KR,. guu
3 Old Colony and Newport railroad qL
11 Vermont Central railroad 98*i£rj99
63 Naiimkeag Steam ColtonMillr. 130 M
DOMEHTIC MARKETS.
New York. Nov.27.—Cotton more active ami in good
export domanii: sales4aJ3 bales; middling upland- Im.c
Flour dull, heavy amt 5 fai lOclowvr; sales 6350 bbls
state $5.75 7,10; Ohio J6..W (n. 7 10: western $5 75 (<a
7.25; southern $6,75 fra 9.25. Wheat heavy ami I (<a 2c
lower sales 78JMWIbush >'o2 spring $1,46 (o 1,49; amb> r
st.rc $1,64 white state $1,66; winter red western $l6O
U 1,65. Corn heavy and lower sales ll3.(NM)bush mix
cd western 76.4 (n. 77ke, clo Ing at 77 fra 7lHc. Oat- un
changed; sales 67JHHI bo-h at 5J 53Sc. Beef quiet
l*oi k quiet and steady; new mess sl3. Lard dull at 9 (a.
9 Butter quiet and steady. Whiskey tinner al 94
frifrMHc. Rice steady at.Bh (a. 9c. Sugar firm; Musco
vadoM 9*»c; refining 9 fra 9Xc. Coffee in fair re-
quest Kio 17 19Mc .Maracaibo I6M 19c. Molasses
easier; New orleansss (it. 63c. spirits turpentine dull
at bOtic; rosin firm at «4,87 for strained. Petroleum
steady; crude 12 12’41 refined 21 va 21 Xc. 1 allow
at:lve at 9 (g, 9X.
Chicago, Nuv 27.—Flour |nnchangcd. Wheat dull ami
lower. AO 1 spring $1.23; No 2. $1,12X; No 3 SI,OBX
1,09: No 2 seller December sl.lß (a, 1.19. sclle.- January
y 1,20. mn quiet ami weak; No 2 mixed 4(B»c. live firm
at 61 frt, 61 i<-. Oats Idwer. at 31 Mc; teller December 3 H
Jowtr: No 2 spring 56 fra 57<-. Fork
steady l at $12,45 (o 12,37 seller January $12,62 fra 12 65
seller February $12,75 fra 12,85. seller March sl3 fra 13 5m
Link n eats unchanged. Lard quiet and unchanged.
M Disney linn at Bft. Live hogs null, at $3,90 fra s4xs
Keecipt*-60W bbls flour.. 3,000 bush wheat. 149.000 bush
Con a •‘Wt’lt oMs. HKW bushiyc, 18.000 bush bar
|e>. 18.000 hogs. Shipments-4000 bbls flom. 10.000 bush
wheat '277,0W bush corn, S.VW bush oats, 6000 bush ne
HOIW hush barley, 301*.) hogs
CINCINNATI, Nov, 27.—I'ork firm; old Ls $12,50 now
51’,15. Lani—an advance nskod but not cstah’ißhed.
Bulk moat*- sboilldtrs A.-: idd<;» h 6c's, Baton Him;
pew Rlhitilders 1c: neW dertr rib HidMl fO ISn Live
Hoi s exdt. d tiud idtfhcr at $l4O 4,n itaa h>u f-r tW"
dnvs ll.mm. Green meats tb 4 -.c fm dmnlders and
sides; 1 b Rbr for hams. Whiskey tide.
NEW Okleans, Aov. 27—Cotton strong; middlings
19c.
Forrlvn Market*.-[Bv Atlantic Cable.]
LOftiW. Kbv rinsed it* 934. V. 8
IW!. 91 4 do. 18H.1 old; 92h J dO. IHH, 1 ’“u-
forties 90.
Liverpool. Nov. 27.—Cotten closed Rtfona: nud-
do. Orleans lOd sale* 22,1’011 bale
Throw Not I’eovlk’s Facets in their teeth, for there
art 1 tvw WtH Butt nr»t foilts thdr otvn. There
Is bn one way to preserve them withold sp ;t Ct idem
i»b, ami tho‘ is by the daily use of the best dcntriflec ift
existence, fragrant Sozodont. cool, refreshing an!
agreeable. dTu.tFr n2B
KiPNBr. bladder and al uvtnlar diseases need no longer
ife tcgdrdefl aA Im.thalile. The mtruduCtlonof SSuh.anP
ku's BfCHC, which is one of the perfMlbtfs of nU'dlCa*
science, is now regulaily prcFcihcd for such, as well as
for all diseases of the urino-genital organs In either sex.
It Is a diuretic solvent and alterative, and imparts tone
and vigor to the whole human frame.
n-H deopA'Wlw
Patent* Mccureu.
Re-issue*. Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of business with the
PATENT OFFICE.
Transfers of Righi-. and Patent Cases attended to. by
JAMES G. ARNOLD, Worcester. Mass.
Ot ricE No. 303 Main Nr.
al2 dtf
I-jupcpalit*
The or.ly reliable treatment for dyspepsia, (which in
cludes indigestion IH all its fomisff Is the u-e of a good
tonic stimulant. Such is Dr. Goltlloi' Fisch' DiHCrR.
This preparation ought always to be taken along with
food. s<> taken, its use is never followed by reaction.
On the contrary, the invigorating Influence which it
exerts over the nervous system, is decidedly beneficial,
in dyspepsia it is chiefly upon the sympathetic nerves
that the stimulating qualities of the Bitters are brought
to bear, (those nerves regulute the functions of the di
gestive system.) The flow of the gastric juice, and of
the other alimcntalive fluids Is thus increased; and in
like proportion is increased the amount of blood which
is thrown into the general circulation. In this manner
dyspep la is permanently remedied, and the system st
large is invigorated and built up—the Bitters aocom"
pitching thh simply by enabling the organism to extract
out of food the nourishment that food contains.
This subject continued next week under “i'lic Butoher
the Best Doctor.” deop«twlw n 27
Arrmt Deeay.
When a plant ora tree begins to decay it must needs
die. It d tnnot be revitalized. But it is not so with hu
mau beings. A human ruin can be repaired, strength
endd, restored, though a l>rown leaf ora withered blade
of grass can never lie made green again. In the autumn
of life, or even in its winter, when nature seems to he
giving way under the pressure of yeflis. H is still possible
to retard the progress of decay, and to lend to lige mofC
than its wonted vigor. As a means of promoting this
object, lio letter’s Stonnuh Bitters is unquestionably
the most potent ot all restoratives. Il win not make the
old young, Imt it will prevent, lessen, or sooth the in
tinnities which arc the usual accompaniments of the
decline ot life. For debility and a lack of nervous power,
from whatever cause arising, it is the medicine that of
all others before the worl best deserves the numeol a
specific. In purity, in invigorating properties, in Its
adaptation to weak stomachs and feeble organizations,
it has no competitor among the tonics of the pharma
copoeia, nor among proprietory remedies. Besides its
strengthening principle, it possesses alterative and regu
lating properties of the highest order, and as an anti
biliotts medicine is far preferable to any us Ihe propara
tlons containing mercury. Time Ins shown that for
physical decay, nervous ilcbility. dyspepsia, bilious dis
or icrs, and int< nnittent fever, Hostetter’s Bitters is a
remedy without a rival. This is the season of the fall ol
the leaf; let it remind the ol I, the feeble, the sicklv, tu
invigorate and regulate their systems with this great
vegetable tonic and alterative. d&wiw n 23
The
WORCESTER SAFE DEPOSIT
AKD
Trust Company.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M RiCE, President.
Seeeivet on Depent tubject to at Sight.
AKD AVLCWB
IHTEKE3T ON DAILY BALANCES
AT THE KATE OF
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM.
Safes, enclosed in Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
the Renter alone has access, are offered to 11 io public for
rent, at prices varying from $i. r to $75 each per annum.
It is a place <>f Security agaiftt Eire or Bunjlantoi
lepusitmg Valuab.es of all kinds.
Bonds. Mortgages. Wills, Deeds, Jewelry, Silver Pi&te,
•Sc., received at very low rates, which >eceipttare
given.
The Vault, Burglar-Proof Cases, and Small Safes are
double-locked.
A Private Night-Watch, on duty from 6 p. M. to 6 A. M.,
•nd a Burglar Alarm communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security otherwise afforded.
Business Hours from m a. m. to 3 p. m.
jyl4 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW.Sec’y
Trouwcr*!
I have just received a new and elegant line of fine
WEST OF ENGLAND GOODS
For Tronaera,
which excels anything I have er shown. Please call
early, before the assortment is broken.
SAM’L PARKER,
n 24 dlw 243 Main st.
Better nn<l Cheaper
THAN ANY OTHER BOOTS OK SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
C A B L E SORE W IP IRE.
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, more Com
fortable, are Water-jn oof. and are warranted not to Rip
or Gape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not in
excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade, their
Durability is far gieater. they preserve their Shape much
bet ter, and the metailicfastcning insures a more Equal
Wear.
Equally applicable to light ami heavy work.
The immense demand having called' forth imitations,
consumers should be sure that everv boot orshoeltoars
the Patent Stamp.
Sol<l by Dealers everywhere. dcop7w nl3
The ChuiNe and Cure ol* Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption Is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement products defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. By assimilation I mean
tnat process by which the nutriment of the food is con
verted into blood, and thence into the solids ot the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the slight
est predisposition to pulmonary disease, or it they lake
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs iu some of its forms and I hold that it will be
impossible to cure any case of Consumption without
first restoring good dige lion and healthy assimlfailon.
The very first thing to be done is to cleanse the stomach
and (towels from all diseased mucus and slime which is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform their
functions, an 1 then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and best,
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These Pillsclcanse
the stomach and bowels of a’l the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse it up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by the
use of Schenck's Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
the stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, and
the appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lacteal* are
weak, and requiring strength and support. It is in a
condition like this that Bcheii' k’s Seaweed Tonic provas
to be the most valuable remedy ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize all excess of acid,
making the stomach sweet anil fresh; it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, and prepare the system for the first
process of a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
healthly. living blood. Alter this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most, cases of Consumption is the
free and persevering use of Schenck's Pulmonic Sprup.
The Pulmonic syrup nourishes ihe system, pun ties the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed to the diseased lungs. Ther«‘ it ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, and then assists nature to expel all the diseased
matter in the form of free expectoration, when once
it ripens. It 1., then, hy the great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers
and cavities arc healed np sound, and my patient is
cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing consumption
Is to get up a good appetite and a good digestion, so that
Hie body will grow in flesh and get strung. If a person
lias diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess there, the cavity
cannot, heal, the rn itter cannot ripen, so long as the sys
tem is below par. What i> necessary to cure is a new
order ot things, a good appetite, a good nutrition. Ihe
body to grow in flesh and gel fat; then nature is helped.
tiie cavities will heal, the matter win ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, and the person regain
health and strength. This is the true and only plan to
cure t'onsumption. and if a person is very had. if the
lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even if one lung is
entirely gone, if theer is enough vitality lelt in the other
to heal up. there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one sound
lung, live and enjoy life tn a good old age. This is what
Schenck’s medieb es will do tocure Consumption. They
will dean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it,
gel up a good digestion, and give nature the assistance
she needs to clear the system of all the disease that is in
the lungs, whatever the form may lie.
It Is imoortant that, while udng Schenck’s medicines,
care should be exercised not to take cold keep in doors
in cool and damp weather; avidd night air and take out
door exercise only in genial and warm sunshine.
1 wish it distinctly understood that when 1 recommend
a patient to be careful in regard to taking cold while
using my medicine.-, I do to Ibra special reason. A man
who has but partially recovered from t iie effects of a bad
cold is far more liable to a relapse than one who has been
entirely cured, an 1 it is precisely the same in regard to
Consumption. So long as the lungs are not per e. llv
healed, just so long is there imminent danger of a full
return of the disease Hence it is that Iso strenuously
caution pulmonary patients against expo.-ing themselves
to an atmosphere that i-not genial and pleasant. Con
ti lined consumptive-’ lungs are a mass of sores, which
the least rh inge ot atmosphere will inilamc. The grand
secrei ot my success with mv medicines consists in my
ability to.-utHlue inflammation inst«a 1 of provoking it
as many of the faculty do. An inflamed lung cannot
with safety to the patient he exposed to the biting blasts
of winter or the chilling winds ot spring or autumn It
shoull lie carefully shielded from all irriituing Influences
The utmost caution should lieobservcd in this particular,
as without I* a euro underulmust any circumstances is aii
iiniMnsilnlity.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and all the medicines continued until the body
has re.-tured to it the natural quantity of flesh and
strength
I was myself eured by this treatment of the worst kind
ot Consumption, and have lived to get fat and heartv
these many years, with one lung mostly gone. 1 have
cured thousands since, ana very many have been cured
by this treatment whom I haye never seen.
About the lirsl of October I expect to take possesion
of my new buildnu at tiie noitheast corncrof Sixth amt
Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all mv remedies, no that a
person in any part ot the world can be readily cured by a
strict observance of ILe same.
.1. H. SCHENCK. M. I).. Philadelphia.
CEUKUJS C. UUUDWIN 0., AgenU, Uostop.
M dcopU
I’eople’s SatiMua Bank,
452 MAIN ST.
BrpuHlt* Ko*. I,*Tl MH.
Deposits are put on Interest on the first day <»f every
month.
The net profits are diilded semi-annually, In February
and August.
In addition to the iiMial Bank Honrs, the Bank is open
trohtd to M o'clo’k Saturday Evenings, for the con
venience of Depositors.
JOHN C. MANON, President.
C. M. BENT. Treas.
Worcester. Nov. 2.1871. dAwtf n 2
WorceMer Count« liißtltution for Moving*
roStEit BtBEET.
Chart cred February 8,1*28.
Deposit! put on interest on the first day of each inontt
Dividends made every January and July.
IKpobit- May I, Wl »O.
Hon. ALEXANDER H. Bt’LLDCK. President.
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON. Treasurer
Th* Worcester Mechanlca Nnilng* Bank
IN CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for '.be receipts of Deposits
Daposita put upon ’nkt’Wt on the Fifteemh Cay o"
itch menth.
fleml-annuai DWldaaduln Jaoaary and July.
HAERxSON BLiBS Prw!d«Dt.
H. Woodward,Treas’r.
deci dawtf
Worcester Five t'cota Mnvings Bank,
OFFICE, NO. OS MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bark Is open every business day, from alite o'clock
In the morning tu five o'clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to Oke Thovkikd Dol
lars mUtoh dirt put upon interest on the first of every
month.
Dividends of Interest are mad* <n January and
July, and if not withdrawn arc added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest diffa entitled to receive interest, Three Dol
lars. CLAItEKDON HARRIS.
jv9 dtf Treasurer.
Di 11. Bakvn
DENTIST.
22 Pearl st .opposite the Post Office.
Dr. Henry F. Clark,
Office corner Myrtle and Noutbbridge «ts.
oi3 <n r
1.. 11. naniniund, M. 8.,
has removed to mi. i madison nt.
Office, as heretofore. No. KOncwnir.nberlMvrtle
fticct. utf nit)
On Marriage.-Ilapu-. Relief lor Ymmg Meii <f»m
the etfee sos Errors and Abus- sin early life. Manhoon
restored. Nominal emissions ured. Impediments to
Maniige removed. Nvw metbod of treatment. Now
and it ni.trkable remc’ies. Books and Circulars sent
tree, in sealed envelopes. \dure-s HOWAIHI ASSO
CIATION, Nu. 2N<;mh Ninth street, I hitadelpliia, Pa.
nl dTUctTklm
Five Fer Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. E A. GOODNOW,
•nS dt r Firnt National Rank.
Dr. F. Horrftll, im'mi. i> t imston, Ma s.
Consult him in nil cases; ho is the o’ <st and most ex
penenced speeri'i.-! in E-’s on -fhiriy-lhree years’ prac
tice. See his rocket Medical Adviser J’nce 25 cents.
Semi for it. deop&wtf o 5
Intlexicnl Silver Sanpl
Marlon Harland, in ('oni’non Sense in Hie House
hold.’’page 529. says: ‘-Fur eb auing silver, I have for
y‘-ir- used the INHEXK AL SILVER >o \p. Besides
being clean and casv of application, it w>ll not wear
away the metiil. a> wPI r chaJK ur plate pow
der.’’ Sold everywhere. <i3m atils
.John S. Vlark Ac Corr.m"i«on Merchant#
•nd dealers tn Flour and Grain, Laud Plaster, Lime, al
ci nod Plaster, Gr. Bone, L’ement. salt, Guano Ml >per
phugDbato of Limo, and West rn Produce, Nee in<*
2M) Front st., Worcester.
dtf jOHX m CLARK ,t HON
Dr. Park his removed to City Hospital, corner ot
Front ami Church streets. nldlm*
Worcester I.iglit ompahj
CuKE.
This Cheap and most Dr .-iKAi-i.E Fuee fcrManufac
taring purpose:- ana Family use. is n.ov offered tothc
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices:
One Chaldron of 36 bushels SSJ*O
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities lees than half Chaldron. 15 Cents per
bushel.
Payments may be made, and orders foritsdclivery will
be isFued only at the Office ot the Coin pane. No. t> Rank
Block. Foster street, up stairs. <ltf jal
Awful Defeat!
The rout is complete I The last hope of the parties
who liave been getting tip Scali* Puisoss to compete,
with
Cri*ta«l<»ro*M ExceDior Dye
is lost, lost, lost! Still, it towers over all rivals, new and
old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Iheoethe
Cot NTRV. Still, tens of thousands of heads that once
showcl the white flag,
CARRY CRLSTADORO'N COLORS,
and the course of the dye of dyes is ever upward ami on
ward. No much for excellence, wholesomeness, and a
true reproduction of Nature’s tints. As a dressing after
dyeing, use
CRISTADORO'B HAIR PRESERVATIVE.}
n 3 deop&weowlm
Mathews Ac Uhamheriasn.
PLUMBERS.
Corner Waldo and Exchange 3U.. Worcester, Maw
3ath Tubs and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowla
Wash Trays, Sinks Ac Ac.,fitted up at short notice, and
in a thorough manner. dtf jy3
Lea I’crriiik’ Snucc,
pronounced by connoisseurs ••THE ONLY GOOD
SAUCE.’’
It improves appetite and digestion, amt it is unrivaled
for its flavor. directed by Messrs. Lea «V Pek
rins to prosecute all parties making or vending coun
terfeits. JOHN DI NCAN’S HONS. Agents.
au!2 dcopGin New York.
Batchelor** Hair Dye.—Thissupi Hair Dye
is the best in the /corld —perfectly harmless, reliable and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor's
Hair Hye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural Brown leaves the hair clean, soli, beautiful;
does md contain a particle of lea>l or any injurious coin
pound. Hold by ail Druggists. Factory, 16 Bond st.. N.
Y. dlyr IvlO
Geo. te. Hoppin Ai 0., Commisson Merchants
•nd Dealers Id Flour. Corn, Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal c f al
kinds, Fine *nd Coarse Feed. Linseed Oli Meal, tee
chanir Ate 1*29
I>r. G. F. Harwood,
DENTIST,
22 Pearl st opposite the Post Office.
n 2 d3m
I« Merrifield, Tuner of the Piano Forte. Orders
are received at \Vm. Mecorxey’s, F. O. Block.
iyls dSAWtf
.13 A K ISIFD
In this city, Nov 26, by Rev C M Lamson. Edward N
Dean to Lizzie .1 IBchardson. both of Worcester.
In Boston. Nov 22. by Kev G AV Blagdan, D D, Geo T
Sutton to Louisa E R iwson. botli 01 Worcester.
juf»
In tliis city, Nov ?6 (of disease of Hie heart). Nellie F
Berry, witc of D E Johnson.
Funeral on Wednesday, at 24 West st. ai 10 o’clock a
M. Relatives and friend.-, are invited to attend.
Jltto
EUREKA IS. A. CHAPTER.—A
Special t'onvocalion will be held at Masonic
MT X^ r Hal THIS 1 Tuesday) EVENING, Nov. 2Hlh,
187 L :<l o’clock.
V P. ‘t M. E. M. Degree*.
n2B dlt By onkr of the H. P.
TEMPLE OF H() NOH.
A OFFICE WORTHY RECORDER.)
Worcester T. of It.. No al,
L’egtilar Meeting THIh ill LsDAY)
F.V E ING, at 7.30.
JTfel Work -init'a l ion.
<S=rj; 1126 dlt HENRY A. F. HOYT. W. R.
IMRE! FIKE! .’—There will bo an exhihi
tionol a new PATENT FIKE EX 11 NGUISHER,
on the Old Common,
This Forenoon, at 10 o'clock.
The public are invited to come and witness the exhibi
tion. dlt* n2B
VVORCESTER STATE GHARD.—The
following gentlemen have been chosen upon the
Committee on Dancing at the Sta’e Guard Levee, to be
held Dec. 8. 1871, an i are requeste i to meet at the Arm
ory. T( E>DA Y EVEN 1 NG. Nov. 28. at 7S o'cl ck
Lieut. A. M. Parker, Lieut. S. F. Baines, sergt M. I’.
Boyden, Lieut. C. K. Peavey. Lieut. J. W. Hadley. Lieut.
11. F. Clark, Sergt. M aj C. L. G iles,Sergt. C. IL Green
leif. Corp. George II Barm s, George i.. Bliss. Corp.
Schwartz... Capt. Geo. D. Boyden, James E. Dennis,
L'out. C. H H irt well. rerorder.
IU« dlt W. Kl.Ll.f.Y. Iciiin.-m.
q’ E M PERA NC E LECT UR El
The last Lccturcof hstwiniei's ‘•Temperance Course”
will be given in Mechanics Hail, on FRIDAY EVE
NLxG, Dec. 1-t, bv
W EX lIEI.I. EI PH.
Subject—‘•lntemperance the Assassin of Republics.”
Admittance tree <|:jt* n 2B
By B. w. rnioTL Jut tioneen
Office No I Ci n ral Exchange, old I', o. Building.
pERSONA L 1» ROPE RT Y
BY AUCTION!
Will tic sold by Public Auction, on the A. B. Lane
Farm iso called) sitinted on Park Hill, in Millbury, on
MONDAY, Dec 4 at 1 o’clock r M the following prop
erty, v z
THREE EXTRA COWS, with calf;
Three 2-year old Heifers;
One Express Wagon. I Top Buggy, 1 (Jig, I S dgb, I
Travenc-runncr SI d, Lot Farming Tools. 15 tons Eng
lish Hay. R. R. MILLER
B. W. ABBOTT. Auctioneer.
Millbui v, N .v. .'7. D7I. dU n
OUT THE
American Button Hole Sewing Machine.
If you are about to buv a Sewing Machine, n'/ii/ not get
out that will do all kinds of Seeing. The American
Button Hole K-the ouly one that will doit, Inllvwar
rantwl. I. 11. bTWUK WEEE,
128 deTutf 334 Main st.
BPOfi SALE On John st. avenue, a
good I wo remimmt House; good sizeil lot. fruit.
A'c. Price f4’tHl. Term- ea-y.
L. A. ELY o
Coi. Mam and i lcnsant sts.
BFOR SALE West of Main st., con
venient to busim->, n very deniable, goon style
thorough built French Roofed House, nicely ar
ringed for two or three famib. good lot. &V.
will lie offered for a few dayr, at a low ti nuv.
L. A. ELY CO.,
>•*B dll Corner Main and Pleasant sts.
\POtJ can BOARD at Maus 4 Co/a
DIN’KG R MIMS, 54Main st., as cheap as nt any
Cist-class boarding house, and have your meals when
RIH whflt you wish. Tiy It, dbv»
Tlcto
U S I 0 H A L I.
JAMES WARD Mnn»«,T.
TWO SIGHTS OKI.V!
Friday Saturday Eve'gs, Dec. 1 and 2,
IIAMEIt PERCY ROSELLE,
THE YOUNG EDMUND KEAN,
AS
Butts, tire Boy Detective.
DrainatlZ-d from the Fireside Companion.
Prices usual. Neats secured nt the Box Ofll c.
n.'N dll
rp H K MUSICAL TREAS UR E,
a new book, which will be a most acceptable
HOLIDAY PRESENT!
«trd Is Indeed A TREASURE, being filled with sparkling
Stints: libels. (Juartets, Hondos. Polka-. l <dka Mazour
ki-. Schotflsrlwe (JuadiHles, Galop Mandies. Four-
Hand Pieces. AC nil of tile best quality
.Music fitted for or Heed Organ.
Price-Boards $2.50; Cloth, ShM; Full Gilt. $4.00.
Sent post paid, on receipt of retail p let*.
OLIVER DITSOX A CO.,
n2s dtf 80-tmi.
JAFT," BLISS RICE,
lltiTe* n hand a choice 10l of
Catawba and Grapes,
for Thanksgiving n-e. Also, a great vitrud vof Whit
Mlitn A Nouthmayd’s Confectionery. dtlt «2N
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU-
X.7SEI TN.—WoHCKSTEK. SH. Probate Court.—To all
pefsuns interested in the Es ate of ZILPHA SAWIN,
kite of Princeton, m saldeountv, deceased, testate:
You arc cited Io appear al a Probate Court,
to be held at Worcester, in said county, on the third
Tuesday of December next, al. nine o'chs-k in the
forcnooHi to show cause why the account ten
l>v Ira Brttce, the t-xecutor. of his aduiinislration
ol s.'li i c>t ue. and n«»w ml tile at this office, should not
hr allowed; lint! also why the claim of the said Ira Brnce
as a creditor ot said estate should not be al owed.
And th Mid accountant G ordered to serve this cita
tion, by publishing the same once a week. Ino w. eks
Mtece.-s velv, in lite Ma-sachusetts Spy, a newspaper
i Hilled at Worcester, the last publication to he one day.
lit host.- liftfore said Court, and to send, or cause to
be ><qjt. a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, poM«g<- pfepaid, to each of the heirs, devisees,
or legatees of s.lid •Mme. or their legal representatives
known to the petitL’tier, seven days, at least, before
said court.
Witnes., Henry Chapin, Esquire, Judge of said ourt,
this twi ntv-tlt h day of Nov mber. In the year one thous
and eight hundred ami m-v* nty one.
F. W. NOU I'HWICK, Asst. Register.
•11 _ _
IriN E GOLD
Vest. Opera and IteonHne Chains
A nnt lot. foul the best makers Also, somehcary Guard
ai.d Neck Chains. BLAKE A RuBINSON.
«Bl 350 Alain corner Lost sr.
ANTED A situation as Coachman an«l
groom, bv an Oio rmno d man. Address M D. S
Spy Office. n!»
S FILIATION WANTEIi Tu .h. _<i til
housework, or second work. Apply *H No. 31 Smn
nierst. «13t* n 8
MACHIN! HT» W ANTED I—One man t<
do n y hand lathes; one to du a little
of everything ui* iron and wood.
A. F. HKNNIIAW.
n2K dtf F.Acbange st., Worccsier. Miks.
SITUATION WANTETI-To do general
housework, or washing and ironing in a hot'-l.
Apply at No. 14 Assonet st. d?t* h 22
SITUATION WANTED By a capable
gin, to do general housework in a small ramily.
Apply at No 17 Assonet st. d3t*
IVANTEH A situation to drive a grocer’s
wagon, and assist in store, where inleg ily and
strict atuiition to business will he appreciated. Best of
city refeiences given. Address A. 11 f Worcester
V. O. d3t* D2B
SITUATION WANTED—To do general
housework, including washing, ironing and plain
cooking. Apply at No 47 Chandler st. <l3l* n2H
WANTED IMMEDIATELY! A good
Cook, washer and ironer, at No 32 Pearl st. None
others need apply. dtt n2B
IPO LET—An upper tenement of 8 rooms',
JL at No 32 Newton st Rent sl3 per month. Appiy
to KELLEY,
n2B dlw* 14 Merrick st.
B SALE—A Very Superior Gentleman’H
Driving or Bit-incss Horse, peifeclty sound ami
kiml to work in any place: has great endurance, and is
a great roadster: 9 rears old, weight 12011 Inquire of A.
K. RIUUMUND No :io Waldo -l. d2w* n2B
Musical.
mUNING, POLISHING REPAIRING
PIANO I’OItTES.
Wo respect fully announce tothc public that wc have
secured the valuable sei vices of Mr. WM C. ELLIS, ot
Boston, who has for Hie past eighteen years been con
neclcd with one of tin- largest Manufactories in tin
Stale. Mr. Ellis, as a thorough workman amt practical
nnchanic, bears a reputation second to none in the
country. His Tuning, Repairing. Ac., in every instance,
gives entire satisfaction; and in connection with a first
class Polisher, old Pianos are made as good as new, tor a
very low price.
Please call ami examine work at Repair Room.
441 Mnin St., Worcester, Spy Rlock.
s2l dtf RICHARDS. METCALF CO.
q7)U THLA NI) S oRC II EST R A,
1-5 WOIC<-RKTER, MAK*.
Private Parlies, Balls, Picnics, Festivals and Excur
sions furnished with any number of Pieces at the short
est notice. G. 11. WILSON, Prompter.
Order Book at Richards, Metcalt A' Co's. 441 Main st
Also, at office ot G. 11. Southland, 21 Crompton’s Block.
Mechanic st.
Mr.G. 11. Wilson, thankful for past favors, solicits a
continuation of the same in future. <l3w* 030
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES,
And upon the Most Favorab'e
Terms of Payment.
Wc invite the attention of persons Intending to pur
chase Pianos, to our New Illustrated Catalogue, giving
full descriptions of Styles and Prices, and the terms on
which we sell to those desiring to make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send For a Catalogue.
CHICKERING hONS,
354 Washington St., Boston.
11 East 14th St., New York,
nit d&v.loi
%LL INSTIU’MENTS USE]) IN
-fV BANDS; ALSO,
VIOLINS, Guitars, (including Martin’s e kbrated
Guitars,) Violoncellos, Double Basses. Concertinas,
French ami German Accordcons. Flutlnas. Banjos, Har
monicas, Flutes, Piccolos ami Flageolets, with all things
needed in their use or repair, as;
STRINGS, Bows, Pegs, Finger Boards, Bridges. Reeds,
Screws, Ac.
Also. Tuning Forks, Pitch Pipesand Tuning Hammers,
manufactured of the best stock, or imported, and lor
sale by
.1. HATAES A- <’O.,
33 Court st., opposite the Court House. Boston.
s 2 deop&wly
I S S E. 11. W A 'J' E R M A N
Teacher of Pianofortr,
h 22 dim* 67 Thomas street.
DA F. KENT,
TEAC lIEIC OF MI SIC,
M <ltf No. 7 Waldos!
4 S. ALLEN, Pianoforte Timer and
4 Music Teacher. Rooms at C. L. Gorham <t Co. s,
IM Main-f. Order Slates may also be founo with B. D.
Allen. Il Pleasant st., and at 8. N Story's Jewelry Es
tahlishineiit. dte r*n
p IAS O 8 ANDO R (lANS
-Uji
rat
11. SI M a Fit Selects and Furnishes al) kinds
of I’l at os and Organs from the Factories in New York
and Boston, or from houses in Worcester, if desired.
Call at No. 1 Chatham St. Place, or address by mail.
Orders tor Timing and Repairing may bcleHatL.il.
Bigelow's Book Store. 239 Main st. dTu.Th&Stf n 5
jSl’ioots ant)
TUST STEP >N TO FLETCHER’S, and
look at those Gentlemens Slippers, just received
from the .Maniifectory. No. 3 Bay state House Block
One Price Store, 285 Main st dtt n 2
jjfOTICE!
Ladies’ Congress Gaiters, 81.25 I
LADIES', MISSES’ AND CIH LDREN S STV DDED
GAITERS’
Men’s Cali Tap Sole Boots, $4.50!
Men’s Calf Boots, Extra wide, $4.00!
Having secured the services of Mr. L. L. PIERCE,
tli<’former proprietor of the store. I hope to fully meet
the wants of my customcrH.
Thankful for past patronage, I hope to merit the con
tiuqgncc of the same.
.JOKE FEETCHER,
No. 3 Bay State House Block, No. 285 Main st.
816 dtf
I»UILDIKG IND WATER POWERTO
RENl.—About eighty-two hundred square feet ot
Flooring hi a wooden l>uil<ling, with Water Power to the
extent of Thirty Horse Power. This property is located
in a thriving inanulm-turing town ot fiity-five hundred
inh-tbifriiiU, an i is witli’n a short distance of the South
brluge Branch of Hie Boston. Hartford A Eric R. R. For
terms, Ac., apply to or address
CENTRAL MILLS CO..
nl3 'i _’taw4w Sonthbridge, Mase.
1 4 I til per month guarnn
•|p-A" tied sure to Ageutsevery
where soiling our new seven strand White Platina
Clothes Lines. ScHm readily nt every house. Samples
free Address tho GIRARD WIRE MILLS,
u 23 floup&wcuw2m* Philadelphia, ps.
insurance.
QTA T E MU T UAL
LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY.
OF WORCESTER,
ISAAC DAVIS. President u
CLARENDON HARK. 8, Bccr#l»ryj
Accumulated Fund i51,0:ii5,007 >64L
L-.S Paid ur>K,<tr.o co.-
Dividends Paid 405.900 C<».
CHARTEREL» |NIL
Principles: Cash In nil bnslnew—Cafe in *h« elec
tion of risks—Put pence In investing the premiums—
Economy In management—Atini al Dividend* n s ii>
plus— oNTitu i Tiox plan ofdistrffnMion—At l Policies
Noni ohi eitaiile under the law ot MassaclluscHs A
ui.l, Ewl IVALEMT to the PoLICY-HoLf’/R* I'M t very
dollar paid In Hu- I'ompanv. The CompilH’ b ivlhf no
stockholders to make a profit out of the lm*inc? tho
entire assets and all the act ruing surplus beluD* to
po'.t Holders alone.
1 io widows and orphans of Hie insured are no 4
qHired to take any part of the insurance, when It.
comes a claim, m the premium notes of the deceased.
The Interest AI«'NE received on the Invested FundM
of the Company in Hie la-t ten years ha-, paid all the
losses by death during thiii period and thirl.' five (35p
per v’lt. of all other eNpensrs. What other Life Comj 1
panv ian show as good a record
GOOD RELIABLE \GENTS WANTED, libera)'
terms will be offered Io the right MEH. Apple to the
•Supt. of Agencies,’’ at the office of the Company,.
Yiain Ht. dCOUtf
Say S'i’A’l'E FIK® INSURASUK
JO COMPANY OF WORCESTER MASS.
Ofllce SJS2 Alain Mt., ovci Citizens ilunL.
Chartered in 18(10. Capital paid in.,..|W4,M)0 no
Cash Assets 0U
Insures Buildings, Merchandise. Manu‘Udvrles, andl
Personal Property generally.
Directors—Stephen Salisbury, F. H. Dew ty. Lewis,
Barnard. F. 11. Khini< utt, Geo. W. Rlehardi 9D. Daae
Davis Josiah 11. Clarke. Übas. B Pratt. Wm.
Samuel Woodward, Samuel A. PorterofWon estci Jacb
Edwards, Jr., Boston; A. C. Mayhew. Milford;
Stevens, Clinton; J. M. Armsby. Won user;
Proutv, Spencer; Geo. C. Davis, Northboro'.
WM. S DAVIS, Pro«Meni.
U. C. Crosby. Jr., Secretary. deodttmll
Only SSOOO at Risk at Chicago.
Holyoke mutual iike insuk-
ANTE CO., Salem, Mans.
Cush Fund Aug. 1. Ou r 1
Al'GI STUS STORY, President.
THOMAS II JOHNSON. Secretary.
Insures Buildings. Merchandise, Household Furr*Jt-'sre
and personal property generallv. as low as any slock z<»m
pany, and pays return dividends from 20 to 4B ucr ctivi
the premiums received.
All losses promptly adjusted and paid.
8. A. Agent.
office 10 Pearl st.
Worcester. Aug. 1.1 w»9 on deodtf
JOHN I) W ASII Bli l{ N’ S
INSURANCE AGENCY,
Clmk’s Rlock, 405 Main St,
AVOItC KSTMK.
JJTMA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF lIAKTFOKO.
Capitlll, S 3, IMRE 000.
HARTFORD
Fire Insurance Company
OF lIAKTFORO.
<qipitaL $1.000,000..
PHENIX
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF lIAKTFOKO.
tapitill. SMNMMMI.
HOHE
IN SURA NC E COM PANY
OF M’.W YORK.
Capital,
lIAGARA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AEW YOKK.
Ciipifnl, $1,000,000.
AATIbIAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF KOSTON.
Capitol, $300,000.
FIKE MARINE
Insurance Company.
Capital, $500,000
Wurth British
AND
Mercantile
INSU HANCE COMPANY
OF LOMIDN.
Branch Office in New York.
Capital, (Gohl) $10,000,000.
JOHN D. WASH B| KX.
02l dtf
npHB
PEOPLE’S
Fire ins. <o.,
OF WORCESTER.
Capital, S 100.000.
laenrcs Buildings. Merchandise, and Feraonal Property
generally, on as favorable terms as any sound ana well
conducted Sto« k or Miitital Company. ’The first class of
Dwelling Houses and their attachments. Farm Building!
and their contents, insured lor one or five years.
Bmldings i.i process o erection, or repair, insured for
any tune desired, on reasonable terms. Losses equitably
adjusted and promptly paid.
IXMVRAXCE I'LAtED TO ANY
AMOI'XT IN THE MOST RESTONS!*
BEE C'OMPANIFS IN THE UNITEH
STATES.
AUGUSTUS N. CURRIER. Kerretary.
HENRY CHAFIN, President.
SAMUEL H. COLTON. Treasurer.
Directors.—Alex. 11. Bullock. Joseph Boyden. F. I.
Brigham, George A. Brown. Henry Chapin, Sam'l H.
Colton. Aug. N. Currier. Edward Earle, John G Kin
liall John C. Mason. Philip L. Moen. Joseph Pratt, H.
N ’’’ower. Wm. Workman. Joua. Warren.
nl «iti
H 7 6REBN LEA F
DEALER IS
Fruit and Confectioner)
511 MAIN ST.,
,u AV uiTi .ici 51
ease ca il and pay your Ice
«?*i!u n o 4 E x^ ,l! n «c *t. Office hours tYom 10 a.
M- UH, 3to 4 ami 7ioßr. M.
B, WALKER it CO,