*ao*
DAILY PRESS.
POBTLAN°
■THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1871.
STATE OF MAINE.
KV THE (GOVERNOR.
A PROCLAMATION.
In accordance with the practice ot our fathers, aid
acknowledging our duty as a people to give thanks
an*t praise to God lor hij continued mercies, 1 do,
with the advice ot the Executive Council, appoint
Thuraday, tbe Tbiriieth day of November
next,
as a day of PUBLIC THANKSGIVING AND
PBAISE. And I earnestly invite the people of this
State to abstain on that day Irom all puisuits incon
sistent with the sacred duties and privileges of the
occasion, and with devout learls to assemble in their
respective sanctuaries,aud offer tbe prayer ot thanks
giving and unite in the song ot praise to Him who has
given us peace aud plenty aud vouchsafed the bless
ings of civil and religious liberty. Aud remember
ing tbe poor aud unfortunate among u?, let us add to
our devotions deeds ot charity and works of love.
Given at the Council Chamber, this twenty-eighth
day ot October, iu the year of our Lord one thou
sand eight hundred aud Feventy-one, and ot the
Independence ot the United States ot America the
niuety-sixih.
SIDNEY PEKHAM.
By the Governor:
Franklin M. Drew, Secretary of State.
Tbe Noed of Portlaud—How in it to b«
Met
Portland needs more manufactories; that’s
admitted by all classes. The enterprises al
ready established have been reasonably pros,
perous, and it has been demonstrated that at
a center for the collection of raw materials
and distribution of manufactured goods this
city is as favorably located as any iu Ne^
England. The manufactories now in opera
lion here have created and support a popula
At-... 41..:._
w.w— wn.i, wuu uig a OUUICC Ui HCilUJ
to the community. The time has now com
when we demand a la-ge increase of thesi
enterprises to consume the supplies whicl
are being aud are to be brought to the city sc
liberally by our present aud prospective
means of communication; to retain our pres
ent population of skilled labor and add to it
The rapidly growing West and the New Eng
laud towns that have grown up by manulac
tures are calling away mechanics; and every
one of this clase who removes from a towi
reduces Us population at least four and dim
iuishes its production not less than a thou
sand dollars. It is our duty not only to re
tain this class with us, but to offer the younj
men who are growing up inducements to re
main at home; and moreover by oflerin
work to the idle prevent dissipation am
crime.
Portland is now at h<r turning point for th
better or worse. The decline of navigatioi
has affected her seriously, for until within i
few years we depended more largely on i;
and the industries that it directly put in uio
tion than anything else. We must act as ar
individual does: when one pursuit fails to bi
remunerative, look for an opportunity in some
oilier branch and occupy it without delay.
The great need being admitted, the next
question is how best to supply it—whether by
corporate capital or individual effort I'osterec
and encouraged by the united sentiment o
the citizens. So far as any expression hai
been made it has inclined ta the latter uieth
od. We are not a manufacturing people. A
a community we have studied other thing!
and we must invite hither with greater earn
estness the intelligent mechanics from
abroad aud aid aud encourage our own youuj
workmen with small capital to build up fo
themselves; and Portland and her immediati
surroundings offer belter inducements foi
manufactures than any other city in New
England. The facilities for transportation by
water and rail, in every direction are unex
celled. Within six miles of us are abundant
aud cheap water powers. We have within
our corporate limits a hundred acres of vacant
land that can be purchased for manufacturing
purposes at a reasonable price. By the intro
duction of Sebago water and our practical
nearness to the coal fields, steam is made as
cheap here as elsewhere; aud it is not b -yond
tbo range of probability that ere long a sLil
Cheaper and equally effective agent will be of
fered. The town of Deering, on the north
and the front side of Cape Elizabeth opposite
our wharves, offer sites for mechanic shop!
▼vtbiuu a inu Aim mil U2SU1DC6 OI l WO DllleS
from the ceuter of Portland, with low rates
of taxation aud the advantages of a near
market aud the highest social privileges. Aud
so far as the present manufactuirng interests
are concerned, we know that their sentiments
on this subject are in harmony with the feel
ings of all other classes, and they will approve
and aid in all proper measures adopted for
the introduction of new branches of labor.
There is a full alphabet of industries that
require small capital aud are suited to Pott
land, and for the product of which we go
abroad; articles which enter in some shape
into all of our present manufactures, or which
our merchants deal largely in; and the crea
tion of which has made Rhode Island one
great workshop and given it enormous wealth.
For example, agricultural implements, small
iron work for carriage-builders, saddlery
hardware, harnesses, brass, copper and tin
castings and ware, carriages, spice mills, cut
lery, combs,buttons, boxes of paper aud wood,
brooms and brushes; all kinds of small hard
ware, musical instruments, cordage and
twine, wire-work, all sorts of manufactures of
wood, and so on to the end of the chapter.—
Some ol these establishments might bo put in
operation the present season with compara
tively little expense. The shovel factory, the
old grist mill opposite the Portland, Saco and
Portsmouth railroad depot, the school house
on Centre street can be quickly and cheaply
turned into work shops; two of these having
already contained engines and machinery.
The Board of Trade, we are glad to notice,
have bad the subject wo are discussing under
consideration aud will appoint a permanent
Committee on Manufactures, composed of
practical mechanics, doubtless, aud business
men. We do not quite understand bow their
duties are to be performed, but naturally infer
that they will collect all desirable informa
tion upon the subject, meet those who come
here seeking opportunities, ascertain their
wishes, present them to our business men and
so render valuable aid. We have great faith
in the result. Our Board of Trade has origi
Dated aud promoled many valuable enter
prises, and Irom its co-operative power is en
abled to carry this as it has other undertak
ings to a successful completion.
Tuesday’# Elections.
Rarely, the first dispatches from the victors
of a hotly contested field are fu'ly confirmed
by the official reports. In that splendid cam
paign that began before Petersburg, Match
-ifilh, 1805, and closed so ausDielonslv Ar>.
pomattox Court House, April 9lh, following,
the field dispatches, as marvelous as they
were, did uot reach the real magnitude of tl;e
daily successes of the Federal army.
Tuesday furnished auolher exception to a
rule quite universal. The first dispatches
from tbe various points indicated a series of
magnificent Republican victories all along the
line, but their temperate tone did not prepare j
the public for such unparalleled successes as
crowned the efforts of the Republicans, par
ticularly in New York.
It is safe to say that never was there so
general interest in a single local election as in
that in New York, particularly the city. It
is not necessary to state the causes that have
concentrated the attention of the thinking
men in America and Europe upon the gov
ernment of New York. Every newspaper ex
cept a few partisan organs, have been filled
with its history, so that New York engrossed
the public attention more than all other
States. The result in the city astonishes the
most hopeful. Tweed, the master of the
Ring, with his 12,984 majority in his senato
rial district, is the only spared monument ex
cept Tom Fields, who beats ex-Gov. Seymour
Z^68embI*- Tbe Tammany ring do
omce;:nac‘SLfarr~au*
Is no lessajmpieted6fiat °f tl,e Democra''y
33.090 majority over hgd
the majority for the Rep„w, Th's >'f:ar
will not fall short ot 35,000. 1-|ate t:cket
ate was composed of 17 Demociautbe
Republicans; and the Assembly of 82 i) 14
crats and 77 Republicans. Tuesday, 2l™pT.
publicans, 0 Democrats and 2 Reform Demo
crats were elected to the Senate, and 90 Re
publicans, 33 Democrats and 5 Reform Dem
crats to the Assembly, thus giving the Repub
licans tall control of the Legislature,
lu Wisconsin, too, the later returns are
more satisfactory to the Republicans than the
first. Doolittle, who has done a great deal of
political shuffling, is defeated by Gen. Wash
bum by 10,001)—a good majority lor that
State. In 1870 the majority was 90''0. The
Legislature is strongly Republican.
In Massachusetts, the returns received in
dicate that Mr. Wasliburne, the Republican
candidal/' for Governor, is elected by a larger
majority than was Gov. Claflin last year. The
Labor Relornj and Prohibition vole is unn
pectedly small, falling or! in those places
where it was largest in 1870. As separate or
ganizations, the eleclion shows that they are
but inconsiderable fractions, securing hardly
more than a large scattering vote. The indi
cations are that the Legislature will be about
as largely Republican as heretofore. The
Legislature elected Tuesday is composed as
fol'ows: Senate, 34 Republicans, 4 Democr ats
and Labor Reformers and 2 doubtful; House,
175 Republicans, 54 Democrats, 2 Labor Re
formers. In 1870, the Senate was composed
of 35 Republicans, 4 Democrats, 1 Labor Re.
former, ar:d the House of 195 Republicans, 34
Democrats and 11 Labor Reformers.
In New Jersey the Republicans did not
come up to that measure of success that was
anticipated. It is a close state with Demo
cratic tendencies. Governor Parker, Demo
crat is elected by five thousand majori
ty. In 1870 on the Congressional vote,
the Republican majority was 3423. In 1866
Randolph, Dern., bad 4547 majority. The
Legislature remains about tho same as Iasi
year, the Republicans having 12 of 21 Sena
tors, and 37 members of tlrs Assembly to 2J
Democrats.
In Maryland the Republicans have mad<
large gains, electing several Senators and i
quarter of the House. In the last Legisla
ture there was not a single Republican.
In Kansas, Minnesota and Illinois tbe Re'
publicans bold their usual majorities, tLiougl
the vote is light.
The “Conservatives” have carried the Vir
ginij, Legislature with increased majorities.
On the whole it is a most gratifying resul
to the Republicans and correspondingly dis
heartening to the Democrats who see in tin
loss of New York and the constantcy of tin
l?pniili1ir»ar» Qlnfac Ilia n •>»»«Id nlmltU onwm.
of an overwhelming disaster in November
1872. _
End of the Newcastle Strike.
The great Newcastle strike in Englaw
which has lasted five months and attracted s<
much attention is at length ended. The mei
are to work 57 hours a week till Jan. Is
1872 and after that nine hours a day. Thi
I strike has been one of the most remarkabl
on record both for its duration and for th
moderation aud persistence of the workmen
i Says Mr. Smalley the English correspouden
of the N. Y. Tribune: “Substantially th
men have triumphed. All they have yielded
has been a concession to the feelings of thei
employers. They have gained something be
yond this. No strike ever before taught th
workingmen so fully their power. None ev
er so deeply impressed the public. The mod
eration and sagacity of the men stood out ii
marked contrast to the domineering tone am
rash declarations, which had to be abandon
ed, of the employers.”
This triumph shows the power of concerte
effort under leadership so able as that of Mi
Burnet, President of the Nine Hours’League
who on this occasion has proved more than
match for Sir William Armstrong,one of th
most prominent among the employers am
the inventor of the famous Armstrong gui:
Mr. Burnet’s capacity for leadership may hi
understood from the fact that he was able ti
keep under control 8000 men, out of worl
and partly destitute. He will probably be bean
from again in future struggles for labor re
form. The reduction of the hours of labor It
eight hours will probably be one of the ulti
mate consequences of this movement.
The Argus is naturally a little mixed or
the subject of the elections. It prints iti
editional prognostications on the same pag<
with the telegraphing announcement of re
suits, as if to facilitate a comparison betweei
the unvarying brightness of Democratic an
ticipations and the equally unvarying disap
poinlment of them. For instance, the Argu
says that “the Democrats of New York wil
be disappointed if they do not elect thei:
State officers,” but that neither party wil
probably hold the balance ot power in tin
Legislature; its dispatches say that the Demo
crats not only fail ingloriously to elect theii
0»„4 /»!_t 1 _
tuuuui ui um ijei;isia
lure. And the Democrats have not carrier
Wisconsin as they “hoped” to, nor does it ap
pear that there are “large Democratic gains.’
Ben Butler is even a greater political scamr
than Tweed, and be can discount Tweed in
stealing and give him points. The difference
is that Democracy repudiates Tweed, while
Kadicalism bows to Butler’s will—Argus.
Dae.s, cli? Kadicalism has bowed to But
ler’s will this year by refusing him even a
nomination for office, while the Democracy
have nominated and elected Tweed to the
State Senate by 12,030 majority! This last
fact the Anjus anuouncts in its displayed
headings, in the same paper containing the
paragraph above quoted, among the few re
sults ot Tuesday’s elections that give it grati
fication.
Gen. Pleasanton's case serves as a re
minder that the tenure of office act, the vio
lation of which led to the attempted removal
of Andrew Johnson from office, is still unre
pealed. It is said that Pleasanton will resist
the confirmation of his successor by the Sen
ate, holding that there were no sufficient
grounds for his removal. If the Senate should
agree with him, he will go hack to his place
in spite of the President and Mr. Boutwell.
But there is more probability of their all be
ing struck by lightning than of such a result.
The Wisconsin Conflagahation.—A cor
respondent of the Milwaukee Wisconsin, who
has travelled through the burnt region in Wis
consin, places the number of lives sacrificed at
seven hundred and fifty. The loss of property
is estimated as follows:
“A medium estimtae of damage to pine lands
in the Green Bay region is $400 000. The dam
age on tbe Wot! is figured at $300,000. There
is abundance of hard wood left in places; the
to individuals may amount to $300,
000. 1 he loss of tbe filtecu sawmills burned is
put at $225,000. The loss of cordwooJ, ties,
hemlock hark, «tc., is set at $200,000. The loss
of fences, buildings, wagons, cattle, vcrops,
among the six hundred farmers cannot he less
than $000,000 making a total aggroga'c of more
tliau $3,000,000, aside from those at Pesluigo.”
There are three hundred or more wounded
sufferers remaining iu hotels, hoarding houses
and hospitals about the hay. Hurtled, ears,
faces, hand aud feet are common to nearly all.
Many iu rooms can hardly stir in bed. There
are women witli great burns on the sides and
limbs, with faces like kettles and bands like
cIiiyn. linrm-il t.itlwa li.woa «—u x»
bettor aud bear more tbau women. Most ol
them perished by suftjoation. Little children
are sadly maimed iu their feet and faces.—
Nenily all will recover without loss of sight or
limb.
Doctors to os Tried for Heresy.—We
dare not, lor fear of stirring up a lively little
light, express au opiuiou upon the following
note which has been sent to all the homeopath
ic physicians, many of whom have Been edu
cated at Harvard University aud pronouncsd
thoroughly qualified to practico medicine, but
who, for freedom of opiuiou, have been order
ed Icfore a tribunal. The circular is signed by
the President of the Massachusetts Medical
Society.
Sir—Charges having been preferred against
you by a Committee of the Massachusetts Sled
ioal Society of “Conduct unbecoming and un
worthy an honorable physician and member ol
this Society,” to wit.: ‘i,y practicing, or pro
tessiug to practice, according to an exclusive
theoiy or dogma, aud by belonging to a socie
ty whose purpose is at variance with the prin
af- “"d, toiid* to disorganize the Massa
cbusotts Medica. Society, you are hereby di
rected to appear before a Board of Trial at the
Society s rooms. No. 36 Temple place, Perkins
Buildiug, on luesday, Nov. 21 1871 at 11
o’clock A. M„ to answer to the same in ac
cordance with by-laws and instructions of the
Society.
Mr. Cuaelf-s Re4DE has been making a
Btreuuous tftort to engage the London Times
in a controversy regarding his late rather un
Bavory production, “A Terrible Temptation,”
aud failing in that, has resorted to a paper
sailed Public Opinion, which has no circula
tion in this country, as a vehicle for bis enthu
siastic approbation of his work and himself.—
Mr. Beads, he informs us, “has a larger circu
lation iu England than the Times: 375,000 cop
ies of his late novel were sold iu the United
Stales." He “writes for rnoro that one great
nation, and mure than oue generation, aud
m»n“lCon??nt by artificial contraction to
whpren'iinfei* Slna'ler than the journalists:”
posit!otTto ,iLPrucce<1? to define his and their
tors aa roinnoU^W1-6 Tin)e* aud other edi
about literature t’»!.pf*rior.8' meQ who “write
erature.” They are a*.!,1 ‘e,y ,cannot write lit
who are pitiably jealous of* ?noC<V"menUt0r3’
whom he and the five or six ml,, luw ereators
Fiction represent. tlu;r ma“‘er» of
i
The New Yorli Press or the thcllon.
The Times, which very justly takes some
pride in referring lo thetact that the result Tu s
day is due to the independent and aggressive
policy of that paper toward the ring, is very
jubilant over the result. It says:
This comes of people interfering in their owu
affairs. All honor to the estimable citizens
who for weeks past have been sacrificing per
sonal comfort to the welfare of the communi
ty, canvassing the city from house to house,
aud inducing people who have uot voted for
years to assist in redeeming our city. Now
ibey have their reward. Let us hope they will
never again relapse into indifference concern
ing their own affairs. Will anybody say now
that it is no use to tight against Tammany?
Will the croakers tell us to-day that honest cit
izens stand no chance against corrupt politi
cians? The victory we have won is priceless.
Not only for what it gives us, but because it
will levive every man’s faith in the ultimate
triumph ot truth aud justice. Because it will
teach scheming politicians that the voice of the
people is supreme, and that the immortal prin
cipals on which this government is founded,
although they may be momentarily stifled by
the dishonest actions, will rise triumphant,
while the men who assailed them will pass
away to everlasting iufamy.
The Tribune leader of Wednesday mor iing,
says;
The people of this city andlState in the elec
tion yesterday proclaimed their adhesion to
the divine maudate thundered from Sinai,
“tbou sbalt not steal." If the result shall seem
less than a complete Republican triumph, It is
so only because the Republicans in some in
stances presented candidates who were popu
larly ideutitied with the frauds and robberies
of the Tammany ring, or with others hardly
less nefarious.
The Herald, that always sees the way the
winds blows from the straws, and was Dever
with the 'oeateu party, says:
The citizens of New York, native and adopt
ed, won a subs.antial victory over the ruling
dynasty, Tammany Hall. It is probably too
much to say that they have administered a
proper rebuke to the municipal ftaud and cor
ruptiuu, nucu UUl Ul mo pilliOlt'HI pcuui4iuio
lias been elected by a tremendous majorily ts
the State Senate, and auother has been tight
iug on the winuiug side and claims the highest
honor of tbo triumph. New York has much
yet to accomplish iu the way of honest refor
mation when four such men as Tweed,O’Brien,
Fields and Aleck Frear are returned as her
representatives in the Legislature of the State.
All honor is due to the business men of New
York for the part they have takeu in securing
this result, and they will learn from the suc
cess of their present efforts that (hey have only
their own apathy and neglect to blame for the
greater portion of the mismanagement to which
they have buen subjected. Certain Republi
cans carried tbe State ticket by a good majori
ty. S i Gen. Grant marches on to yietory, and
Fenton and Greeley disappear with Tammany.
Peace to their ashes.
The World says:
We have lost the Legislature, and the Ri
publicans will not (all far short of a two-tbSdi
vote in both Houses. The Reform movemem
I was worked in tbe in'erest of the Republicat
State ticket in this city. Had it not been foi
tbo TammaDy scandal there is no doubt tbi
t Democratic party would have shown handsomi
5 gains in New York as well as in other States
a Tbe Sun, a Tammany organ, deserts it
friends in tbe general panic, and says:
victory yesterday is not a party victory
it is simply a revolt ol the people agaiust fraud
corruption and bribery. And mighty move
5 meut cannot be limited to New York, as tb.
time is more than rioe lor universal polifica
1 reformation.
r
Pictorial Ballots —The “distiDguishinj
marks” on the Massachusetts ballots that ren
dcr them the highest displays ol the job print
ara’art, would in the staid State of Maine in
validate the election. Tbe following from tb
I Journal will give an idea of the extent t
1 which the placard business was carried Tue
day:
The regular Republican ticket bore the sam
heading iu all the wards, and displayed as tin
1 central figure of an engraved beading a femal
representation of peace, with Boston and tb
rising snu in the background, and a train o
cars and agricultural implements in the fore
i ground. The ticket was not so ptetenticus it
pictorial display as in former years. The reg
ular Democratic ticket was also very plain it
I its typhographical appearance, and displays
the stereotyped representation of Boston iu tb.
rear of a sheet of water, the dome ol the Stati
House, being the most promineot thing iu tin
i picture. The Labor Reform ticket was lial
covered with and allegorical picture of labor
the centre being a huge arm, the hand clinch
l ing a hammer, and around it small circula
Rl,ctures of ,uen “t work at various avocatioos
The prohibitory ticket offered no picture, bu
was very neat in its typographical appearance
lue other tickets, the “splits” were more oi
less ambitious in disnlav of nirtnrioi
West Virginia held au election about tei
days ago, and it is very singular that intelli
gence of its results has not been forwarded bj
telegraph, the usual channel of information o
such events. The Senate and Governor, Dem
ooratic, hold over, aud the Democrats electee
forty-five of the fifty-six members of the Leg
islature, and ten of the eleven Senators are o
the same party. A majority of Democrats havi
also been chosen to the State Convention. A
the last Presidential election the Republicai
majority was 8719; at the election last week
the Democratic majority was about 6000.
Mr. James Fisk, Jr., it is said, has seven
teen thousaud four hundred notices of bimsell
pasted in his scrap book.
State I\ eng,
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY
The bodies of Ada Brown and Anna Wood
have not yet been recovered. The citizens ol
Auburn have subscribed $100, which is offered
as a reward to any persou recovering the
bodies. An old river driver says that there is
no uodertow at West Pitch, and be believes
that tbe bodies left the foot of the (alls in a
moment after plunging over, and that siuking
to the bottom, they have been slowly rolled
down river by tbe current.
Tbe Lewiston Journal says people are car
rying the young patrons of wlioopi og cough
to the purifying room of tbe gas works. Each
sultetct- comes five or six times, staying ten or
fifteen minutes each time; and it is claimed
that much relief is afforded by this method.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
Broom handles, at the rate of threo thousaud
per day, ate manufactured at Augusta.
Cold Water Temple, No. 41, of Augusta, or
ganized ou Saturday last, aud will bold meet
ings every Saturday atternoou.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
Tbe bouse and farm buildings of T. M. Rob
bins, at Guilford Centre, were entirely de
stroyed by fire Monday afternoon, with all
tbeir contents.
Mr. Henry C. Chapman, formerly of New
burg, but lately residing at Petroleum, Pa
was run over by a traiu in attempting to get
on board a car last Thursday, aud both bis
legs so badly crushed that amputation was nee
essary. He never rallied after tbe operation
aud died ou Monday. F
SAGADAHOC COUNTY.
re,U3et* to purchase a piano for the
mew! G mar sch°o1. and tire Times calls it
SOMERSET COUNTV.
The Advocate says Mr. Ramsey, tbe Cana
dian Engineer of the Megantie railroad, stop
ped in Anson b rid ay night, aud Saturday pro
ceeded up the valley of the Carrabasset, Dead
River, and Cham ot l’onds to Spider Lake tbe
present eastern terminus of tbe Megaulic road
llus is one of the proposed routes for the ex
tension of tbe Megauticroad through Maine to
the eastern Provinces. Mr. Ramsey has re
coutly exploied a route from tbe terminus of
tbe Bangor and Piecataquis road, via Mooae
bead Lake across tbe wilderness to tbe Forks
thence up the Dead River, and Spencer stream
to the boundary, and Lake Megantie. These
ate the only two routes spoken of lor this road
And from what we hear we should judge the
Moosebead route was a rough and rugged way
and will be found impracticable,while the Car
rubasset aud Deal River route is not oulv
feasible but highly favorable. That this route
will finally be adopted wo have good reason to
believe.
Last Thursday the bouse and barns of James
Buchauati, in Calais, were destroyed together
with all his household furniture aud this year’s
mops. A tine mure, valued at SHOO, was also
lost iu the flames. George Whiteneck was
knocked down and run over by a horse-cart
while proceeding to the lire. His ear was so
severely cut that amputation was necessary.
A house owned and occupied by Mr. Nultv
ol Calais, was consumed by tire Thursday
night. J
The Calais Times says that C. It. Whidden’s
farm iu Baile.yville, was visited by a hear one
night last week, which succeeded in killiu.r two
caives and a lamb. The following night he
got into a trap which had been set for him, but
to'escape”^"11’ *l lon“ <ilatullcu 1,0 managed
YORK COUNTY.
The post-offlco at Goodwiu’s Mills has been
discontinued.
IN QBNBRAI..
The wife of Kev. It. B. Howard of Prince
ton, III., formerly of Farmington, Me., died at
her residence iu P., ou Saturday moruing, of
cousumption. The funeral services wilt be
held at Brunswick ou Thursday.
The Houlton Pioneer says in consequence of
the anuoyance to which passengers are sub
jected iu liaviug their baggage overhauled at
Vanceboro, a family houud west preferred to
go by stage from Houlton to Mattawamkca»,
one day last week, rather tbau be “gone
through" by government officials, who ought
discriminate between State and Province bag
gage. The matter ought to he arranged iu or
der that the rights of the travelling public may
he protected_
He view of the Portland Market*.
Week Ending Nov..7, 1871.
The merchandise markets h ive been very quiet
during Ihc past week, the transactions being con
fine! to legitimate wants ol dealers and consumers.
Buyers continue to exercise great caution In making
purchases, aud, iu the absence ol all speculative
demand, there is no intensity prevailing in any de
partment ol trade, The day ot general Thanks
giving having beon appointed lor tho last Thursday
ill the month induees couutiy merchants to replen
ish their stocks for tho occasion, and a fair tra e
may bo expected nntil that time. In the articles
that eater into consumption there is but little vari
ation in prices. The reduction iu the price ol gold
slightly affects foreign meichauJise, and prices
generally rather tavor purchasers.
The money market continues tight though our
liauks continue to supply tho legitimate wants of
(heir customers, declining all outside requests. Gold
lias been very steady at lllf@U2, set.fug on Wednes
lav, 8th,atlll]@Ul| U. S. slocks have advanced
tud tho market for them is buoyant.
APPLES prime fruit is rather higher than it
a——urn .■■wyy »i in iMMMfaa—wi
Was last week, and 85 is asked lor th< best of West
ern apples Bat this Is not such fruit as will keep
through the winter. Very little Maine winter irnit
has been brought to market, Farmers who have it
arc holding baek expecting lrgber prices Diiod ap
ples are higher, but there is little doing with them.
ASHES—Our quotations lor pot are reduced The
business continues to be light.
BEANS—The market is very slack and our quota
tions are hardly realize I.
BOX SHOOKS—A lew are coming in. Holders
ask 7Uo lor prime, but salea have been made at 8 c.
The demand as yet is quite light.
BREAD.—Tho demand lor hard bread is steady,
tbouglr moderate.
BUTTEK-There i3 a good supply 0f solid 5 er
m .nt and New York butler in the marker. We quote
it at 25@32c, the latter price for prime tubs. Fat til
ers are selling from their wagons at 3Sg38e by the
single box.
CHEESE—The market is very lirm lor all prime
qualities. Our quotations are for Ihe the hen grades
or Vermont and New York dairy and tactory.
COAL-Prices are unchanged. Dealers arc deliv
ering the best qualities at $9 03. The prospaet now
is that there will be no luriher advance.
CORDAGE The transactions are light. No
change in prices.
COOPERAGE.—Our quotations are unaltered
Enquiries are being made for the West Indies mar
ket.
COFFEE-Tlre market is very lirm at our recent
advanced quotations.
DRUGS DYES—Our quotations are unchanged*
The business has been very good.
DRY GOODS—The demand, especially for winter
fabrics, continues to be good, and large sales have
been made. As a general tiling the market m lirm
both for cotton and woolen manufactures.
DUCK— Prices ol Portland manufacture are
steady with a good demand. The products are tak
en up about as last as they can be turned out ot tho
mill.
FISH—Tho market lias 'continued quiet slid
dull throughout (he week. The receipts boili ot dry
and piek'ed flshhive been quite light hut lu'lv iqual
to the demand. Theie are no changes in prices, ex
in shore herring which are somewhat lower.
FLOUR—The market is a little more active, and
on some grades there lias been an advance of 25c.
l'he receipts during the week have not been iqual
to the sa'es and stocks are getting nduced 'there
appeals to be some trouble about gening supulii s
from the West via railroads, I nt there is a promise
that this trouble shall be removed immediately.
FRUIT.—Raisins are a little ofl from last week’s
prices. Lemons are lower* Chestnuts are selling at
*0 per bushel; quinces at $j@10 bbl, and grapes
8@l5e i* lb
GRAIN.—Corn is very firm at 90c for mixed and
92c tor yellow. Oats are selling at eiifttiOe, and
shorts at $30jr35 pet ton.
HAY—The market isquiet. The export demand
la light, and bu t one small cargo has tl us tar been
shipped South. Dealers are paying 830 lor prime
bated, ani loose is selling on the stand at $28@30.
IRON-.Reiiued iron is a trifle lower; all otbeis
are very firm, with a Bieady though mi derate de
mand.
LAUD—The market is welt supplied and prices
have fallen oil’.
LEATHER—Tbe market is firm for all kinds, w tb
a moderate demand.
LIME—Rockland is Tery firm at (he recent ad
tlVUWU VJUUiailUUIa
LUMBER—The market is quiet with a fair de
mand. Prices are without change.
MOLASSES-r-The market is firm at our quota
tions. The stocks in first hands will not exceed TOC
hhds, but thj jobbing gioceis have a lair supply,
sufficient for .he wants ot their customers until the
arrival ot the new crop.
NAILS—Nails are steady at tho receut adraneec
rates it $4 95 per keg tor asserted sizes, which in
i elude trom lOd to 6Cd. For sizes smaller than 10c
an advance trom 25 to 75c per keg is charged.
NAVAL STORES—There lias been a general a<l
vance in prices ot all naval s ores, as will bk seel
1 by our quotations in the prices current.
OILS—The disaster to the Arctic whaling fleet hai
caused a sudden rise in the price o sperm am
whale oils. Linseed is lower and our quotations an
2c ort Irorn last week’s prices Fkh oils are dull
Portland keroseues are in good demand at *9,fto4e
j PAINTS.—The market i3 steady with a inoderab
1 demand lor leads.
PLASTER.—We quote bard at $2 00 and sott a
|2 25 per ton. Grouud, in bulk $5 50 aud iu bbl
fc7 0d: calciued ru bbls $2 25.
PRODUCE—The market is tolerably ac ive. Pota
*1® i,<LHSld8Upp‘yiat Onions are plen
ty at $2 50@2 75 per bbl. L-gs contintue scarce am
lngb, selling in large lots at 32,533c. aweet p<,ta
,oe* ?ri?.E5!?e at 53 75^4 00 1 er bbl, aud craubcr
nesat$lO@ll per bbl.
PROVISIONS—Beet is In small supply, espeeiall’
plate, and prices are very tirn. In pork there i'
not much firmness and prices favor purchasers.
RICE—There is a steady though moderate demam
for rice, lhe market is very firm.
SALT—There is very little coarse salt in raarke
and the price has further advanced. Two cargue
are daily expected.
SUGARS—The market tor raw sugars is not
firm and prices are a little off Refined are aLo law
er ami we quote Forest City granulated at 1*1(51
aud coffee crushed at 11jj@l2f. according to grade.
SPICES—The market is firm tor all kinds ospicef
anJ the tendency is upward.
TEA.—There is a steady and moderate demand
No change in prices.
f i 17NT--The market is rot quite so firm as it ha
been, although no changes are made iu our quota
lions.
WOOL—The |market is rsiher quiet, the opera
tions n >t having been very large -luring the week
But there Is no disposition on the part of holders tc
1 “nv concessions, ami their slocks are Hi mb
For« wools rule high wilh no prokpecl
ot low or prices lor the pres nt.
FREIGHTS—Thero is but little enquiry as ye
for tonnage to Cuba. The engagements this weel
ond b.^t Ef*m.^rilltek*le,Lce 10 Hnantaniona—ou
and back—at GOe per hundred lbs lor sugar: hrii
nt lo Matauaa*. at the louuil sun
l»-000 out. Coastwise freights have improve'
and vessels are in demand lor New Vork at *3 lo
lumber. there is a large demaud for tonnage 01
Kennebec, and Penobscot rivers tor liinibe
weights ana freights have advanced to S4@4 ok t
—ork' ,lha shipment ot lumber ironi Baugo
will be very large lor a month to come.
_ SPECIAL NOTICES
PIANO ROOMS,
Cahoou Itloclr, nrxt City Hall, Cougrei.. a
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Has the Exclusively Agency for the
11/ T* TJ jH T) J tl,e ele£ant «J ewbtt A
V¥ LDLfl PIANO FORTE9
Also other standard makeis all sold at the lowest
reduced prices. oc'l&mtf
MAINE CENTRAL, R, R.
Special Notice.
The aguge of this road between Danville Junction
aud Woteivllle will be changed between the moru<
ings of the 9th inst and lttb inst. No tre'ght train:
will run out of Portland lor this line a.ter Tuesday]
the 7th. No freight will be received at Depot oi
Grand Trunk Railway in Foitlaud after Monday, 6th
Inst. The mail passenger trains will be run during
the week and passengers and baggage changed at
point oi break oi gauge, but no morning passenger
train to or from Lewiston, alter the morning of the
ninth inst.
nov7—snlw EDWIN NOYES, Supt.
The Cause anil Cuie of Consumption.
The primary cause ot Consumption is derangement
ot the digestive organs. This derangement produces
deficient nutrition and assimilation, liv assimila
°v “esan **>at process by which the niilriuient oi
the tood is converted into blood, and thence into the
solids ot the body. Persons with digestion tlma im
paired, having the slightest predispisitiou to pul
monary disease, or it they take cold, will beverv li
able to luve Consumption oi the Lungs in some ot
its forms; and 1 hold that it will be impossible to cure
any caseo JCousumptlou without first restoiin^a uoed
digestion aud healihy assimilation, a he very first
thing to be done is to cleanse the stomach and bowe’s
from all diseased mucus and slims which is ,dogging
these organs so that they cannot perform their tunc
tions. and then rouse up aud restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and best
remedy is SckencVs Mandrake Pills. These Pills
cleanse the stomach and bowels oi all ike dead and
morbid slime that is causing disease and decay in the
whole sys cm. They will clear out the liver ot all
diseased bile that has accumulate.I there, and arou*e
it up to a new and liealty action, by which natural
aud healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach,bowels and liver are thus cleansed by
the useot Soli nek’s Mandrake Pills; hut there re
mains la the stomach an excess ot acid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In the bowels,the
lacteals are weak, and require strength and support.
It is in a condition like this that Schenck's Seaweed
1 onic proves to be the most valuable remedy over
discoveied. It is alkaline, and its use will neutralize
all excess ol acid, making the stomach sweet and
treslij. it will give permanent tone to tbis important
organ, and create a good, hearty appetite, and pre
pa re the system for.tbe first process ot a good digestion
and ultimately make good, healthy, living blood.—
Auer this preparatory treatment, what remains to
cure nio>t cases ot Consumption is tbe tree and per
severing use ot Schenck’s Punnonie Syiup. The
I ulmunic Syrup nourishes the system, ’purifies the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation,
and thence distributed to ihe diseased lungs. There
it ripens a'l morbid matters, whether in the form of
abscesses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel all the diseased matter iu the form of tree ex
pectation, when once it ripens. It is then, by the
great healing and pui ilying propel ties oi Schenck’a
Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers and cavities are heal
ed up sound and my patient is cured.
'I'll i>Kli>nliul I lii ii nr in kn :.1_■/-_ _
tiou is to get up a good appteito aud a good digestion
so that Ilie body will glow In liesli and got strong.—
lt a person lms diseased lung-, a cavity or absce-s
there, tile cavity cannot heal, cl.e matter cannot tin
ea, so long as Hie system is below par. What is nec
essaiy to cure is a new order of tilings, a good "anne
tlio, a good nutrition, ilie body to grow In*He-h and
get tat; then Nature is helped, Hie cavities will lie il
tbe matter will ripen ami be thrown oil in large
qnaniitles, aud the person regain health and strength.
Ih s is the true and only plan to care Consumption,
and ir a person s very bad, it the lungs are „0't
tne.y destroyed, or even it one lung il entirely gone
lit^o is lAT* y le“ m lte
I have seen many persons cured will, ™t.
round lung, Ihre and enjoy life to »Coid0«
llds is what Schenck s medicines will do to enra
Consumption. They will clean out the stomach
sweeten and strengthen it, get up a goad digram'
and give Natme the assistance she needs to cfea'i- Il o
sysiem ot ait the disease that is in the lungs what
ever the form m*iy be. "llttl
It is important mat, while using Schcnck’s nicdl
clnes, are should lie exercised not to take mm keen
111- loors in cool and damp weather; av dd 'nl.If.i'no?
sunshine 0Ut'd°°r “l''rCla0 °nl5r a and wa.m
wLile using my medicine. 1 do so *or
son. A man who bus but partiallytre,.ovl Ta.,
effects of a bad cold is far more liable
than one who has been entirely cured LJS .reld,'S3
clsely the same In regard to consuuipnon So long
as ihe lungs are not perfectly hen!<ni
there imminent danger ol a tuTre '„Jr 8t 80, on*,U
ease. Hence It is that I so strenuouslycaution pul
monary patients against exposing tl, pu
atmosphere that is not ge.'iiul 'gSSSt
firmed consumptives’ lungs are a n
which Ihe least change of atmosphere w.oi(d sores,
The grand aecret ol my success win,8 J"1
cciisisls III my ability to subdue lnflam.fi me,d c»nef
ol provoking it, as many ol the laeul^dn' *77
flamed lung cannot with satety to the,,<7 /V 1
posed to Ihe biting blasts ol winter or th lL’. e*_
oi spring or autiiam. It should he carcpdlL"?,,W,?da
Irom all irritaiing influences. The In! shielded
should be observed in this partfeular^M wUUouufS
brnty? ary e,rcum8‘*ncei is* an impo'.i
The person should be kept on a ,,.i,„i_
Iricious diet, cud all ihe medicines a,nd n!'T
the body lias restored to it the nature*1 e1UC'i i*U,lt
Besli and strength. natural quantity ot
1 was rnyjelf cured by this treatment
kind ol Consumption, and have !vora{
hearty these many years .win, one 7ng motfUgm m
I have cured thousands since and j-onc.
teen cured by this treatment ^0,71
VO**
Sixth and Arch streets, where 1 shall hi*** 1con,^rf)t
live advice to aU who iiay require it plea8ed t0
Full directions accompany all mv remedies so that
person m any part ol the world cau be ’readi v
-ured by a strict observance of the samp y
J. H. SCHENCK, M. D^fphiladelphla.
CEO. C- GOODWIN, CO Age,.,..
BOSTON,
jN J

SPECIAL NOTICES,
GOING TO CHICAGO
The undersigned would re-p.’ctriiHy Inform the public that he intends to iemove to Chicago a ter Jau
wary, 1872. lielure that time we shall sell oai tioek ot J
Fall and Winter Clothing,:
LESS THAN COST!
Ih'se who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargain will call immediately»
100 Overcoals Must be Sold to Save the Freight I
My friends ami lalruns will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor the Mitral patronage bestowed on me
during my tesuleacc In tLiseity.
J. F. SISK,
I'T'l Fore Sti-eet, Portland,
Very Desirable Real Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT BARGAIN!
As the owner intends REMOVING TO CHICACO; consisting of a 2 l-2storv Bri k House No. 0 Chat,
bam Street, in good repair; lot 46 by 50, a good chance tor a Mechanic or bm-iness man to gtt a desirable
home. Also a brick building corner of Middle and Chatham Streets, lot 35 by 80- Ano the nexa lot
adjoining, containing thiee wooden htoies; lot 55 by 120; an«i one large wooden stable. Th s property will
be sold in separate lots or all together, making in ail a lot ol 90 t>v l.'O 1 his is an excellent chance tor in
vestment, as this property is sure to increase m value, being on it e piinripal street in ihe city.
For particulars call on J. F. KINK.
nov7tf 171 Fore Street.
MILLINERY! Congress Si.
With the increased facilities for purchasing directly from
Importers at the lowest Cash Jobbers prices,
We are now prepared to ofter to our customers and the Public
A very choice, all new STOCK OF MILLINERY GOODS,
at prices which cannot fall to give entire satisfaction.
'Ladies’ in want of a
HAT or BONNET,
Will find it to their advantage to give us a call before purchasing. I
We shall have constantly on hand a good assortment ot
Ija«li4‘N’, niiMNeN’ and Children’*
Ready*Trimmed Hats and Bonnets.
Our Selection ol Children’s Hoods, and Boy's Hats are unsurpassed
in the city.
Vp/v«rL?i°v^<ltlm^n.fi’C,iVred ?pn? !r,mrae? ,n,tbe and most approved style at short notice.
niices*Va iwI'pi ii.Tv*te«ilil0T*l>rt?s Tiimuiing in allcolois and shades, constatly on hand at old limes
prices. Also ad tho New bhaies m the best qualities ol Kibbons.
W. SNEIA, 337 Congress si.
Nova sn tr_
The Best,
The Cheapest,
The most durable
And the Easiest
SPRING P.EI),
EVElt MADE I
It will Cost you Nothini
To give it a lair trial at your house.
Tlios. P. Beals Co,
I SOLE MAKttFACTOREBS,
!ir nii<l i9 MARKET KTUKET.
I Rear of the Post Office, A'so the best assoruient
Chamber Sets
AND OTHER
PIJRK ITURE
To be t.iunU in till ily and at the lowest pr'ces.
_CAE_ AiVRHBE! novliie
Ladies’ Cloaks
-and—
Winter Jackets
AT
EASTMAN BRO’S.
332 Congress 8trcel
Cclober 31- sn dtt
4. dr T -9
A- MS. A
England, Scotland and Ireland
Drafts on Hand
-AND
Ready for Immediate Delivery
JN SUMS TO SUIT!
WM. E. WOOD,
07 Exchange St.
Ascm lor Ilcury Clnv« Co, N. 1
j »»une27-tt hr
8. 52. GOWELL.
Anticipating leaving tlio city now otters his entii
stock ot Foreign ami Domestic Dry and Fancy Gooc
at great bargains, and will continue the sales on?
until lie sells his house. (See advertisement by (Jet
II. Davis If (k).) Kow is your time to make you
Fall and Winter purchases.
gy»Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-sntt
NOTICE.
All Puvlies wishing lovlsit Chicago, to see til
rums ol the Great Conflagration, or otherwise
sbou d ealt ul G arni Trunk Ticket Ortlro, opposit
Preb.e House, where tickets can be had at lower
rates.
ocl-tf sn D. H. BLANCHARD. Agt.
GOLD DUST]
All lovers ot CHOICE FLOUR should iuquin
for this CELEBRATED BRAND. sep5d2mo i
They sell the above Flour at tbe
JAPAN TEA STJHE,
Fluent Block,
_sep27-sneodtf Exchange st.
iV O TICE!
fJlHE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 22S
A Cougress pMeet, has removed back to tbe old
stand on Exchange Kirect. where I will still manu
facture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will invite
all my customers and friends in general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the prices. 1
have all brands ot Impoited Cigars, and tine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
i warn, iwo urst class uigar Maters—no poor ones
wanted. E. PONCE, No. SO Exchange St.
>l-tf
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving the city will sell my
stock and place of business at great d seount.
1 shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until I close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber, Plntik, Npnr*, Kiim, Deck
iiijj, and Trecuoila.
Also 30.000 Cedar It. R. Sleepers, extra sire.
1? or particulars call on J*. TA¥LOIt,
_sept 19 sntt 170 Commercial st.
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
UnioB F
AMD T1
Provincial Bant
And nil il« llrnuchctf.
For sale in turns to suit, by
J. 11. BliOWK iC* SONS,
jela-iiiiH _ 07 Ex.l,n..B. *t.
GOOD HEALTH.
Strong a? Is man’s deelre for wealth,
Ear more to be desired Is health;
Without Mat he tuny life enjoy,
But want of this will llle destroy;
Then o! your health take proper care.
In what you eat and drink and wear,
In soiuelhirg good yeur time employ,
Then you will truly life enjoy;
L-t Boys he “dressed’* ill good warm “(.'LOTtIFs
Protecting (hetn/rom head Io feet.
Which they can buy at Gkoruk Fenko’s,
Corner ol Beach aud Washington Street.
Boston, Nor.,1._ sulw
Fall and Winter Opening
Mrs. M. B. CUSHMAN
WILL EXHIBIT I
Paris Bonnetr, and
Hound Hats,
-ALSO
v fall assortment ot Millinery A Inner Rood*
Thursday, November
Corner of C'ONR ItICXtS nnd OAK STS.
no2 l\v
Attention, Gentlemen.
Wo have this dsy received Iron) one of the finest
mporting houses in New l’orit (E. H. Van lngeu
3o.,) a large invoice ol
W oolens tor Gent’s Wear.
0 which wc invite your attention, as we leel confl
ict we can please you in every particular.
HOLLINS BOND.No 90 Id kid lest.
Nov 3-sutt
OFFICES TO JLET.
T WO FRONT OFFICES, second slory, over stores
1 No 13Gaud 138 Commercial street; fitted up with i
dl hte improvements. I
Apply to if. n. JOSE,
Nov 4-d&w2w U 194 Fore at.
NOTICE
THE
PRICES.
Kerosene Stand Lamps cemplete, 50 cents.
Regular Price, 75 cents.
Kerosene Stand Lamps complete, 00 cents.
Regular price, S5 cents.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, 75 cents
Regular ptice, $1,00.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $1.00
Regular price, $1 25.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $1.50,
Regular price, $2.00.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $3.00
Regular price, $4 00.
ALL WITH THE MOST APPROVED.
BURNERS AND SHADES.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, sac Regular
price 1.00
Glass Sets, 4piec.es, 1.00 Regular
price $1.25.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, $1.25; Regular
l'rice 1.75.
Tumblers per doz. 65 cts. Regular
price 85c.
I Tumblers ner doz. 7Ko. Kemitar
price 1.00.
Tumblers per do*. 1 OO. Regular
price Sl.»\
Tumblers per do*. 1.25. Regular
price 1.50.
Tumblers per do*. 1.50. Regular
price 2.00.
Goblets per dozen, 90c.
Regular price 1.10
Goblets per dozen, 1.00
Regular price 125
3 Goblets per dozen, 1.10
Regular price 1.35
Goblets per dozen, 2.00
Regular price 2.50
Goblets, Cut, per doz. 5.00
Regular price 0.00
Bowls, Nappies, Dislies, &c., at
Cor res pondiDgly Low Prices
Call anil Examine,
Pa TTa onnu
189 Middle
-AND
G Temple st.
October ?6-dit
Procure Tickets
Wm W. D.* Little Co.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TIOKETIAGENOY&
Travelers for California
and the VVr>l, Nnaih nud \orlliwr«, nmv ob
tam throuaii Ticket., by the beat mud iuo.i
reliable route, troni Portlan J. or oosion. or
Ne'e York, to auv point desired at the leaaral
rulew at tbo old and reliable Union Ticket Ageucy,
IF. D. IjJTTT.K -P r>rt
Pronounced by Couuobweurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It in> loves appetlto and digestion.and It is uniiv
alcd lor Us flavor.
We arc directed by Messrs. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute all parties niakingor vendingconnterlelta.
Joii.T miNCAW’M Horn,
ai.gl2soCmAgoms, New Volk.
New Arrangement S
On Tuesday. Nov 7th, I shall offer lor sa’c at
<*rmoutli Fall*' fu the Prick Store, near the I
Post office, a good assort luent ot Dry l«uoda,Gro>
ccrirs, Flour uu«l I'oru, together with such
other arti< les as the public may demand.
1 shall sell cheap lor cash, and do my best to please
Jill who may favor me with their patronage.
oc3l sn dlw K. K. VOP.K.
CARD.
Poiitland, October, 1'?t.
Having relinguislied tin Agency for ibo Singer i
Manufacturing Co’*., Sewing Machines to Messrs I
WHKELOCK SARGENT, wo take plta.uie in
twromiueiiding oar firmer enston ere and the pnbli. 1
B«3 icrally to the above mined tirm.
QC-M-2W_WOODMAN, TRV E CO. j
M J_ I
wvwf wye.
Storage to let in first class bonded waiel.oases on
s- .own's Whart, and Merchants Wharf, and is Port
f nd Sugar Co’s building, York Dantorth and Cotn
aercial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. 15. BKOWN SONS,
lyl l8n 97 Exchange Street,
fOR SALE j
.-mj.wm §n
Oi i M ari’iaffe.
Happy B elief for Young from the et
leets oi err< r» ami abuses in earlv tile. Manhood re
4"ortd. lm pediments t marria^t removed. Now
inethod el't reatmont. New and remarkabl« remc
lies. Look s and Circulars sent tie©, in sealed en-
slopes. A ddreta HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
><j)Uh Niuu’ i atrutt, Fhiladeiphiii, Fa. uovlsuilUui
SPECIAL NOTICES.
jpojt smIb
15 Mhnrn First National KimU Muck.
HIjuicm t'anro National Buuk Stork.
tale ot Maine. 6*»
Portland, 6’*
Luciuuali,.
(•orcruiueiit UoikI* Bought uud Sold.
-B v
II. HI, PAYSON,
.‘i*J Exchange st., Portland.
aug22 au _
3reat Reduction in Prices
II you want more pictures fcr your money, than
you ever received before, call at the
Portland Photograph Gallery,
Ao 80 Middle Street.
Look at some ot the prices,
N I.nige Ferrot)p*e 50 cento,
Former price 91 OO.
19 Card Fcriotjpe* 50 ceuis,
Foi mcr price 91 OO.
79 Via ‘Type* 50 cent*.
Former pi ice 91 OO
Picture* iu Frniuc 75 eeulM.
Photograph* 99 OO Per Do*.
.St#* For children under live years ot age, au addi* I
tional price will he charged.
A. 8. DAVIS CO.
not on 2w
GRAHAM FLOUR
OF A SUPERIOR QU1LITY
Fre*h from the Mill. Also the celebrated
P.OSTE LS,”
And Other Choice Brands.
WIIAYV, HAMMOND CARNEY.
oc9-d3m
M A K 11 IED
In this city, Nov. 7, by Rev. W. II. II. Pilisbmy.
Herman Buckinm and Alin* Laura Ludwig, all ot
Portland.
In Pownal, Oct. 2*, by P.ev. A. Maxwell. Jason A.
Small, ot P., ami Miss Ella A1. Merrill ol Freeport.
In Comisdi. Nov. 5, Warren Mcnitield and Miss
Eliza A. Jono. both of Purler.
In Dixtield, Oct. 3, Columbus Marsh an J Miss Etta
Chase.
in New Sharon, Oct 28. Robert G. Swllt, ot N. S..
and Alice M Folsom ot Monticello.
In Saco. Nov. I. Alplionzj Wingite, ot Saco, and
Ada Ward, ol Blddetord.
DIED.
In Pfcipsburg, Nov. 5, Mr. William Morse, aged 92
years 4 months.
In Saco. uct. 29, Mr. Jobu Giatinm. aged 77 year*
It months.
In Saco. Oct. 30, Mrs. Fanny, w'.le ol Moses Libby,
aged 6J years.
In Buxton, Nov. 3, Warren Hanson aged 63 year:
fi months.
In Biddelord, Oct. 29, Mr. Emerson York, aged
81 years.
DEPARTIKRDF OCEAN STKA7IER*
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
Nevada.New York ;Liverpool.... Nov f
Russia.New York..Liverpool.Nov
Columbia .New York .Havana.N >v L
St Patrick.Quebec.Glasgow.Nov 9
Prussian. Quebec-Liverpool.Nov 11
Calabria.New York..Liverpool.Nov H
Cleopatra.New York.. Havana.Nov 1
Java.New York.. Liverpool.Nov It
Missouri.New York..Havana.Nov It
Caspian.Quebec.Liverpool.Nov li
Contains n.■». .Quebec.Glasgow.Nov 2(
Moro Castle.New York.. Havana.Nov 2
Citvot Mexico.New York. Hav<& V Crux.Nov 2<
Henry Cbauucey.. .New York. .Aspimvall.Nov 2;
Scandinavian.Quebec.Liverpool.... Nov 21
miniature Almanac.November 9.
Ban rises.6.43 I Moon rises...... 2 43 AM
Sau Sets...4.44 High water. 8.15 AM
MARIME NEWS
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Wednesday, Nor. 8.
ARRIVED.
Steamer Franconia. Bragg, New York—mdse ti
Henry Fox.
Sch P S Lind&ev. Hamilton, Ho<ton.
Sch l.eocadla. Deland, Boston.
Sch Linda. Smith. Boston, to load tor E&sfput.
Sch Alton, Wormwood. Kennebunk.
Sch Young Sultan, Barter, cruise, 130 bb]* mack
orel.
Sch Silver Moon, Brewer. Southport.
Sch Mary H Lewis, Orr. Harpswell
Sch Huutress, Lane, Yinalhaven tor Bo ton.
CLEARED.
Steamer Chase, Mulligan, Halifax, NS—John Por
teous.
ovu isunc ui iicnvaoi o, I»I II Ulll Ot rlUIlll,
John Por I com*.
Sch Gazelle. Gardiner, Lubec and Pembroke—Eas
tern Packet Co.
MR flORAl*DA.
Scb Andrew Jackson, iroui GnuMsboro for Boston
was talien in with 6th inst, off Capo Ann. dismast*
ana tul! ot water. The crew were takeu off un<
landed at Boston by steamer Alhambra.
Sch Gov Coney, Murson, at Brulg port. Ct, fron
Augusta, repoita, in the ga’e ol the 19th ult, oft ap
Cod, lost deck load ot lumber and satis, and wj
ot* iin*d to nut into Portsmouth tor repairs.
Scb Sabao. 1 auvon, at New llaven from Ca’aii
reports severe weather on the pass »ge, and when o
Ait Desert lost 6uu0 ft lumber oft deck.
Ship Mogul, horn Manila lor San Francisco, put i
t* llong Kong Oct 21, in distress and was disciarg
lug tot repairs.
DOMESTIC PORTA.
GALVESTON—Ar 30th, barque Henry Flitncr
Diekev, Boston.
INDIANOLA-Ar 13th ult, scb William A Morrill
Keen. Pensacola, aud returned 2/tb.
Ar 26tb, *cbs Grace B West, Ixird, fm New York
29th, M M Heath, Nickerson, do.
NEW ORLEANS-Ar 30 h, sch Florence V Tur
ner. Graves, Kuatan
MOBILE—Sid 2d, ship Albert Gallatin, Claudlei
Liverpool.
PENSACOLA—Ar 2d, barque Uni .in, Staflord
Galveston.
Sid 2d, brig F J Merrinian, Lo^raw, Boston.
rLLESTON—Sid 6th, sch Edward A DeHart
Pinkham. West Indies.
RiCHMOND—shi 4»li, br g Mary Cobb, Tracey
New Y rk via Osborne.
FORTRESS MONROE—In ibe Roads 6th. barque
Daring. M' Donald Ir on Baltimore tor Portland.
ALEXANDRIA—S!d 4th. scb Alcyone, Davis, foi
Providence.
PHILADELPHIA-Ar 6th, sch Owen P Hinds,
Clendciiin, Palais.
Cld 6th, sch Othello. Young. Fall River.
Ar 7tji. sch Hattie Ellen. Dix, St John, NB.
Cld Clli schs Light of the East, Harper, Cambridge
Georgia Staples, Lord, Bo ton; Tennessee, Creed
Salem.
NEW YORK —Ar Cth, brit Snrf, Thompson. St
John, NB; schs Winslow Morse, ol.ver. Gardiner
Adrian, Everett, Rockland; Magellan, Abbott, Ml
Desert; Alice B. Alley, Boston loi Philadelphia.
Ar Ttli brig Shamrock. Leighton, MatSBtti; scb
J W Dodge, Taylor St Kitfs.
Cld 7ib, barque K W Griffith, Drummond, Mafan
aas; schs Hattie Haskell. Young, Aux Cayts; Annie
Powers, Sparks, Bangor.
Passed through Hell Gate 6th, schs Troll Kin*
Bradford, Koudout lor Soleiu: Maud Webster.Went
worth, irom Philadelphia lor New Haven; Ida tl u
S’mlth, New York lor Pembroke; Agues. Young S<
Amboy lor'Boston Malabar, McCarty Itondout lot
do: o.'oray, Ciowloy.do tor do; Rona, Foster, Eliza
betbport lor Per'aid oil th.
BRIDGEPORT—Ar 6' li, sobs Gov Coney, Man-on,
Augusta; Emma Green. Collins, and Ne'lie Doe,
Richardson, Bangor; Atiby Watson, Jon*-s, no.
NEW HA VEN—Ar 6ih. schs Andrew Peters, Salis
bury. Bangor; Lookout, Frye, Ellsworth.
STON1NUTON—Ar 6th, brig Ida L Ray, Bradford,
Calais.
Ar 7th, sch Mahaska, Fickelt, Macliias lor Nev
York
PROVIDENCE—Ar 7th, scb« H G Bird, Diink
water. Wilmiugton; Abby Watson, Hooper, Phila
delphia.
Also ar 7th, brig Whitaker. Holmes, Port Jobnion;
•c.i Gen Scott, Hopps Calais.
S.'d 7tli, schs Maracaibo, Hcn'ey, end Jas Tilden.
Jordan. New York.
APPONaUG—Ar Mh sch Lebannb, Wad, Calais.
FALL RIVER—Ar 7tb, biig W R Suawycr, Pink
liaiu, Millbridge sch Alice E. irom Gardiner.
NEW BEDFORD—SKI 7th, sch Charter Oak, Pocle
Bangor.
VINEYARD-HAVEN-Ar 7th, brig Antilles,
Thestrup, New York lor Portland
BOSTON—Ar7ih. hH Win Flint, Post, George
town; Hudson, Grover, Bangor.
Cld 7th, barque Mary M Bird, Packord. New Or
leans; sehs John Fnrnhuni, Berry, tor Philadelphia.
Ocean Wave, Lansil, Bangor.
SAr 8th, schs Exchange, Green lea'. Wlscassel; At
ntic, Lynch, do; J G Ferns, v* t-bber, Bath.
Cld 6th, Br sch Georgiatia, Builti an, St John, N B,
Via Portland.
MARBLEHEAD—Sid 4th schs Rocket, Ware, lor
ltMlAO.I.. Rnr
Ar »t to Aurltl ;s Sop* 3, slilp Mu'lab, Stevens from
London.
Sid im Doniu 17lh ult, barque Brilliant, Sprague,
New Vnrk.
At Shields, K, 19th ult, shqs St Punt. Martin, lor
Singapore Mont Iliane, Delbert, for New Orleans
At Areclho 22d ult, s,h Koret, Crocker, troiu New
York just ar.
Ar at St John, NF, £0th ult, tch Tracey Jane. Pet
tipaa, Portland.
Cid at St John. NB. 6th lust, sch Ralph Carlton.
Patten. Cardenas.
Per steamer Calabria, at New York.!
Sid Im Livertooi 23d, Prussia, Putien Key West
I2miun, Smart, Sagua.
Ar 23d, Agenor, Knowles, Now York: Carrie E
Long. Park. Baltimore.
Ar at Gravesend 21th, Golden Horn, Cutting, Irom
uronatadt
Ar at Stdehls 24'h, Elipbalet Greeley, Halcrow, Im
Brouwershaven.
Jkr atC.rd.tr 31,t nit. Franklin, Hassell, Im Ant
4n Ringroad 23d, Daphne, Fountain, trom N York
far Gloucester.
Passed D al 23d. Adelaide Norris, Reed, Irom New
York tor Antwerp,
tWf Dover 23d, F B Fay, Durl am, Irom New York
hx Rotterdam.
Ar at Newy 23d, M L Molar, Leigh on. Pblladcl
aldn
Ar at Queenstown 22d, LM Merrill, Gilkey, Irem
New Yon.-.
Dunkiik—In Ilia Roads 23d, Brunswiek, Allen, lui
New York.
Arattlclroet Oct 22 Ukraine, Melchet.NYork,
Jane Fish. Brown, Callao.
Sid Ikn Mauritius Sept 19, Pride of the Port, Fos
ter, Boston.
sld tui TenerJflc 1 itlr ult, G lea Loring Plnkham,
Messina.
Ar at Palermo 10th ult, Ona'aska, Wheeler, Item
Giigentl.
Ar at Bordeaux 21st ult, F W McLellan, lliomas,
Newport,
I Per steamer Citvot Paris.l
Oil Sclll.v 24th, Enos Soule, Soule, Now York for
aV at Bristol 25lh, Gold Hunter, Freeman, Irom
KSM ttnVardlff 24th, Sarah Hobart, White, tor Gal
veston
\t at St Helena Sept 19, Tluiour, Leach Cohu'ta,
(am) sailed 2lat iar Boston); 20th. tuque Heo Treat,
Onin, Iloilo, and tolled 21a' tor Bostoti.
jgitl tiu Mirsoilles 22d ult, Suuduaby, Norton, tor
Trapani.
C'd at Malaga 14th ult, Keystone, Barter, Phila
delphia.
.Art* tH'iraHar Jlih. Waller, Stinson, Philadel
phia, an I eld l.'»rh for Maiwdle*
Ar oi Havre .'2d ult, Afliy* *jjyen, Blanchard, from
Montreal.
NI'OKltlV.
S*pt H. 1st 6 80 N. loa 28 23 W, ship livening Stnf.
Irom Callao for Hamburg.
Oot 15, hit 50, 1/>u 20, ourquo henry Kngiht, from i
Ar«lruasau lor Philadelphia.
V EW A DVERT1S EM ENTS
\'-o-i-i-c-c T-h-e-s-c
F-A-C-T-S
—THAT AT—
*>U KAN’S
€Bolliin» House,
Will spruit for ThcwsclTtw.
We liave a well assorted stock, our Hosts are Best
clas* iu evcrv r» 8j eet. amt w«* aim to jili?**- ,,i p,j,
inaleii.il anJ make. Who au’l uitorU to <)re«a wcll
withC/iothiuK at iliot-e pi ice*.
Qrerroali
Qrcrroau SO
Qy« n waU HO
10 j^uiine** Nuiu
JJuiiuen* Huiln
30 |)Hiinm Kuhn
jgyy
J^ccfer«
j^eefen to
l^refri* IO
IS j^r«MNuii<
lo ^it«N Suit*
HO J^r*M Nuila
*uit» $5
J)oy»’Muif« to
J|^oy*» fruio 30
•H g*y«’ Overconu
Dtyt’OyrreoRU
A 9
JN Jwy*’ Oyeicaat*
p»nb nud Vests $5 to 19
paula, $9 50 lo b
pjndcrconu $4 lo IN
Vests 1 lo 15
Aud an endless vsarlety of Underwear, Cardigans,
uinl Furnishing <%oo Is, at the same low firiicd.
No, 170, opposite toot of fOxclian^e
street.
Nov 9-02wis
Keep out the Cold,
A NEW~AUTIOLE.
Miller's Patent Rubber Mi-u’dicg
toil DOORS AND WINDOWS.
No IFood about it l
Composed entirely of Rubber
Will effect a illy exclude
Rain, Snow, Cold, Dust.
Excpefllwrly oompset, a hundred teet being con
tained in a box tevtu inches by eleven iucbe«, and
so simple lit its construction that it can be applied
by any ooe.
Price Nix Dollurw per Box of lOO fret,
Seut by express prepaid on receipt of price, when
ordered in tall boxes.
Burditt Williams,
SOLE MANUFACTURERS AND
Jobbais 4 Betailsn of Builders’ Hsrdwv e
30 uoc%mAUK’ 30
P. 3. Ample discount to the Hardware ttfde.
nottdl w
EASTERN
-and
Portland, Saco,& Portsmonth R. R,
WINTER A RR AIM; KIR ENT.
Commencing; Noudar. Aov’r 13.h. (871.
TWffNj P»i«p«u«r trains leave Portland daily.
for Portsmonth and Riefon, (Sundays
excepted) at *1.10 ».m, t6 15 a.ni, §9 10 a. m, 13.30 i>.
ni., t3.45 p. in., 10.00 n. m.
Leave Boston for Portland at t7J0a. m., J3 30 a.
m., fl‘2,15 p. m.( 73.00 p. m 0 00 p. in. *8.00 p. m.
Biddeiord for Portland at 8.00 a. in., returning at
5 20 p. rc.
Portsmouth tar Portland tlO.ftO m.. *10.40 a ni..
t2.35 p. m. to.30 p. ra. 78.C0 p. m. *10.00 p. m.
The 6.00 p.m. t»ains Irom Portland and from Bos
ton, run on Monday, Wednesday and Friday only,
♦Pullman sleeping oar express train,
t Arcominodatiou train,
$Mail trrin,
Express.
N. B. The 8.1% 9.10 A. M, and 3.30, 3.45 r u trains
I from Portland, make close connections to New York
1 by one or otberot the routes from ston. Passen
gers ticketed through by ehher route.
F. CHASE,
11 o9lf Supt. P. 8. P. K. R.
s _ _
Portland «fc Ogdensburgr K. K.
1 m—i m On nnil ntl.r Mrv.wlow X*... 1Q.1. ..A
i ww"until further notice, trains will run a*
follow*:
A M. P. M.
Leave Portland, 7 10 3 15
Le^ve N. Couwav, 8 45 1 00
The 7.40 A M irom Portland and t.00 P If from No
Conway wilf be freight train* with puesengtr cur at
tached.
NUtgrn f»unr*l
I At South Windham tor North .Windham, Cueco,
Lavxaoud Niidce aud Urklgton't
At Ka»t Baldwin lor Sebago and Bridgtou*
A Baldwin tor Cornish, Kesar t>Haai:d Porter.H
At Brownfield for Denmark au 1 r.ridgton.ii
At Brownfield tor Kast Fryeburg.
At Krycburg ter Lovell.H
Until the elope of navigation Steamer Sebigo will
eonnei t at Sebngo Lake lor Kapler, Bridgtou, Har
riaon and Waiertcrd.
rue* lays. Thursday and Saturday*,
via 7 40 m.
Tda 3 15 pm.
The 8.45 A M tialn troih No. Conway. arrive* In
Portland iu .**ea>on lor early atternoou Iridu lor Pos
ton and pa-sengers by the 1 P M t orn North Con
way can take the Portland ateunuer* arriving ia
Boston early the next morning
Tickets lor sale at the ticket office M. O. It. It.
4i v J. HAMILTON. Supt.
Portland, November 8, 1871. noVit
Proposals for Wood
Will be received by the
Portland Ogdensburg II. R. Co.
Cntil November 2«tb. 1871.
Part'es proposing, will atate the price per rord at
which they will deliver sound niefchaia.nl. wood at
the several stations nume<l, and in qu.Ltliks us
designattd below.
Station*. Hard Wood. S.tt Wood.
North Conway, loo Conls, 100 Cords.
Centre Conw iy, 100 Cords, 10j Cot da.
Fryeburg. Suo Conls, 530 Colds.
Bn.wnticld, 100 fords, 100 Conls.
Hiram, ldOC r.ls, 10't Conls.
Bud win, 100 Conls. 100 Cord*.
Sloep Falls, 200 Cords, loo Conls.
Sebago Lake, 3i0 Cords, loo cords.
All t he delivered on or beturc June 1st, 1872.
Bids tor either or all or above lets will he eater*
talti.d, but t ic company reserve the right to ieject
all bids not deeuicellor its interest.
Address proposals to
J. HAMILTON* I Supt.
Portland, Nov 8,1871. no9td
Second-hand lire Hose
Flit SALE by J. L. SHAW CO, 162 12 Fore
8UCCI.
00 feet 5-p’y Knbb**r 2 1-2 fueb.
300 leet Leafier 2 1-2 Inch.
200 leet Linen 2 1-2 Inch.
AH in good order aud nearly new. no9tf
Important to Wholesale Healers.
an active young nan would like to net ns agent
tor a 1 llami House. Has ex'eusfve acquaiu
laucem Maine. A.letreas S. W. L V ANS, Pro.a Ol
flee. nok-st
Winter Hoard for Horses.
S T
net OVtHlU(ll'{/
THE Winter Term will begin m.nday N.r,
lllih. Foi lurther particulars apply at 28 llign
St- EL ZA C. DUBOIS.
no9 oodlw
Hoard ot Trade.
A Special M»*e. lug of the Board of Trade will he
held at 4 o'clock tfcle(Tliur*4aj) P M, leroimid
er tlit Mit ject ct ‘-Manufat tot tc«.M or any other buid
that may be property submitted.
Per oidcr. M. N. lUUH, Secretary.
Wanted.
a xr iw.ntsn inr the Sfafe of V
jt\ Medical line—' ice established; 940OC worth ot
Roods consigned, not t be paid for until wW, No
neiieuce rruuiicil. Smallcapbal. Parlies meaning
business address NOVfcS Co., 27 Essex at, Heston,
Mass. _ixoMlw*
(X1 OTI0I is hereby given, that the subscriber h s
la been dtilv appointed and ta*en upon himself the
trust of administrator ol tbeistate ot
DAVIDS. WOOD, late ct Portia*),
la the County ol Cumberland, deceased, ai d Riven
boiMs as ti e law directs. All persons haring th*
mands upon tne estate ot said <1 'ceased are required
to exhibit I lie name, and all persons indebted to said
NOTICE is hereby given, that the subscriber l:as
been daly appointed and faktn upon her
self the trust ol Administratrix ol the estate ot
LORENZO D. FILES, late ot Uorbsm,
iu the coumy ol Cumberland, deceased, and Riven
be nd* as the law directs. Ail person* having demands
upon the estate ot said deceased, are required to ex
hbitlha same; and ill persons Indebted to *»id
estate are called upon to nuke payment lo
ETl'A A. FILES. Adlfc'x.
Gorham, Oct. 17tb, 1871. wJ5 3w Gfl
Army and Navy Union Hall,
(Lite Brown*, Hall.)
TTT7IU. he let for Lectors, Concert*, tovrea. nil
fV |.rival, pini,,. ou libelal term,. Twi, ur»w
ii.g io ns water cloeele, Jtc., eonnected with lb.
Hall. Aimly lo
UKO. R. DAVIS St CO.,
oc2tncw,oiUt At lb. Hail
Id. C. M. A.