TUB FIGHT AGAINST FRAUD.
The Victors and the Defeated on Their
Triumphs and Their Losses.
AKOUra THE CITY HALL YESTERDAY.
?ore tumor* of Resignations Among the
Officials of the Departments.
WHAT MR. TWEED WilL 0) ABOUT IT.
Kr?dtries O'Couor Gives His Opin
ions of the New Development.
Arrest of Corporation Attorney
Tom C. Fields.
Hie Fire Department and Its
Petty T^gwrny.
t'
AROUHD THE CITT HAIL
Th? Thieve* Fallinc Oat Annnp; Thon?elve??
More Keslflwatlotis Talked O
The effects or the election aro already becoming
visible lu the increased confidence evinced in i>osi
clroics and t? consternation, confusion and
shown by the office-holders ana hangeraon
^trader tfie recently powerful r?gimp. It renuireft lully
day for aflalrs to settle so that a calm view could
fe* taken of the situation. By yesterdav all hart re
covered from the staggering blow administered by
tao people to the politicians, and those who had
taken part on eltuer side had settled down
?tain to their ordinary avocations. The election
?ad the disaster to the Tammany powers were
Milked over quietly and gleefully in the business
marts, and by parties on their way to and from
?ostites* the only question was as to how much ma
jority did such a one have for this, that or the other
a complete fejojCiutf^fri^F ffraotjf nftS
?ot been known or witnessed in this city for years
put,
AMONG TUB POLITICIANS
?r the Thinmany stripe? or, rather, lately or that
itripe (very lew could be found who had
roted the Tammany ticket)? there was a gene
ral and genuine expression or disgust.
Among the most dlsoonsolate, however, aro the
members or the Boards or Aldermen and
assistant Aldermen. They are very loud In their
tomplamis, and, feeling very "sore," are showing
Ifeelr teeth against the leaders, and evidently moan
trtKhief. One or the confidential Mends of a mem
ber of the Board in malting a complaint to a friend
ftaterday demonstrated very clearly that
fi
??Why, loo* here," said he, "the members had to
pAj a couple of thousand each to have the bill pat
through extnndlnj their term of office. They were
told by Ball and Sweeny that It was all right, and
were assured that the Mayor would reappoint them
"on the qnler," Just to make them secure; then
at tae last minute he says wo must go on the ticket;
then when they saw the way tniuga were golug
Hall sent a messenger around hunting them up aud
telling them to look out well to the Aide manic
etj aa the rest was gone. Now he says Jhej
ustu't make a contest, because the majority"'
vy against them, ^nO it's no use making
light about it, Nyw, it tuey don't aold over fco
Mrtltng to law how is it that
O'UORMAtt HOI DS OVER?
Bis term of oiilcc was extended, so I'm told by good
Minority, and ho wasn't reappointed, aud tuey
didu't attempt or preteud to run mm a^alu on the
Mckcr. if it hadn't beeu lor the promises and
MsuraucftH thai they made a rftiod many 01 the mem
ben* would ha' beeft on tne rerorm ticker. They were
ICS of1Mna?raga and that uute
tonguo>i (PGorraau is rlgnl. thfip mive
Ike rtght to their seals, and liief can bold. Th of
bad a rone us last night, and 1 know they are deief
?lord to raiac a tow. liail was to meet a committee
tt the Board t-M'ay, h.- promised to meet them and
he hasn't beeu at his office to day, and he ain't golug
to bo there, 'l hey don't like that kind ol treatment,
Rthey alu't a goiug to stand it. Just you wait A
days aud you'll see some fun. Walt till the re
port or the Jotnt Committee comes out; may bo
wmebody's eyes won't be opened I"
from the above It may be judged that there is
trouble brewing, and that
THE LAUNDRY FOB DIRTY MNEN
pay soon be opened aim carried on with a good run of
Easiness. There uinst undoubtedly tie stock enough to
give all hands employment, ami while the late lead
ers quarrel among themselves the public can look
andlautilior grieve, as the c<*ae may be. The
aues have fallen out, and it is to be hoped that the
Maying may prove true and hones' uion get their
dues.
In relation to the situation and the complications
?rising therefrom
RUMORS WERE RIFB
?round the public office*, and, as Is always the case,
by the way, grew in number aud magnitude as they
travelled about.
?Tweedy lias resigued, sure," said one of a
crowd or semi-genteel looking men who were
?tanuing in the City Hall l ark, "and we're gone up.
Let's go over to the Department and see it we're
sola' to git any filing, (men wont give tt to us.
They started across the Park toward Park place,
when one bystander asked another, "What are
they, laborers 7"
??Noa, xur; thar not. Thar axe mln."
??Axe men? What does that meauv What do
tfcey do for their money f"
"p not do who do r"
?Those fcllows-the axe men."
**Pby, tna axes id."
The expression that Tweed had resigned, "sure,"
?a the chap above alluded to observed, seemed to i>e
pretty generally credited, notwithstanding tho flat
iontraulriions given to tho statement. In the morn
tag papers. Another rumor was started, to the
?nct that Mayor Hail would resign, aud it was
vely asaeried that
JUUUB llll.TON W:i,I. RK -7f!N
the Department of Parke; that he
would not remain there a day alter Mr. sweeny
Mould leave. It was Mated also that Hank biniltl
intended to get out of the Police Board; that Hitch
?tan was leeliug bod and would leave the Kire l>e
Brtment. it was rumored lurther that Co.onet
berte would possibly bo appointed on the Park
Commission, as he has lost some seventy-live thou
sand dollars by the action or Hie authorities in tak
ing bis property for the Riverside I'ark.
iDgenoil was arrested, according to rumor, fnlly
twenty times yesterday; out, according to tlto
urbane and natty Judsou Jarvls, he had not been
arrested, aud was supposed to be at his summer
realdeuce in Morrlstowu or Orange, N. J. it was
ascertained, however, that lugersoii, pirr, had called
upon toe Sheriff and proffered ban for itls oov. no
waa informed that the time for return or t lie pro
mm nan expired, and as yet there had been no
notice of extension. The order had beeu returned
With the endorsement "Not found," and no lurther
eteps bad been taken in the matter.
BOARD OF ALDERMEN.
ieniblsi Terrible To Be Breu?bt to U*ln
Tkc City Vstheta Threatening the l?ato Cltjr
Kalere.
Pursuant to special call the members or the Board
?f Aldermen assembled at two P. M. The chamber
?f the Board looked cold and checrle**. it was
Mid, as the immense stoves have not beon put up,
and, judging from present appearances, they may
mi be put up. The members who were present
Moked blue, but very determined. They had i>ccn
wronged, and beyond a doubt they contemplated
talachlef. There were present Aldermen Charlock,
Ooman, Cuddy, Mitchell, McKlever, Welch,
O'Neill, Bcbilchtlng and Kellly. They looked
?tone another most mournlnliy. They smiled grim
?Miles and settled themselves in their chairs as If
tMermmcd to stay there and die? If die they must?
With their harness on their backs. The roll waa
Jtlht, the minutes ol the last meeting read, one or
?WO u?imporiant icsolnuons aud ordinances Intro
?Meu and laid over; then permission was granted
?Maple of constituents to pi ace
h... _ W ATKRINO TROUGHS
V2?* tkeir premises. Tills may be a good
ta H it well to have some places for tho
t?nt free drink.
-1^. n raighty Plunkltu Plunkitt has
51S1* WSSS5' *aa h? kuows how to mako
fflSW UP the hair from his ciassio
?tBht Jkand Into hia panu pocket aud tp.'?ke as foi
JffllJ. 1^* committee ap
MiiMvet) Wtf 3at oommRS li?i? ?m> |^r?eei?
able to complete ihelr report, bnt thai they expect
to be able to do ao at an early day. The committee
or citizen# woo. at Uie invitation of your committee,
have co-operated in tbe examination or tne ac
counts bare made their final report, and year com
mittee now have tuat report, and the recom
mendations therein contained, under considera
tion. The facta contained m that report were aa
atartllna to the representatives or the people in thin
Board and tbe Hoard of Supervlsora aa they were
to tbe community at large, and the committee feel
that they would not faithfully perform their duty if
they did not
no MOKE THAN TU? COMMITTER OF CITIZENS
have recommended. The committee of thin Board
believe ihat tbe city and county authorities should
take some
Mour nucinin action
than tbe mere publication or the facta and figure*.
What action they should and can take In the matter
la now being considered, and as soon as that has
been determined and it will be determined at an
early day? the commutee will be prepared to make
their report to this Board.
The Hoard then adjourned until Saturday at two
o'clock.
MR. CHARLES O'COROR OK TffE SITU
4T10S.
Tbe Prmoal wnd Fnmro l.o**l Action or Mr.
O'Conor ill to Tweed and tbe City Fraud*
U?De?lly-Wfni lit Think* of the JKiection*
from it Political Point of View.
Mr. Charles O'Conor was at his office yesterday,
but as quietly Industrious aa though the election
with Its great triumph had not taken place. A
nBHALD reporter called upon him in the morning
with a view of learning whether recent events
would make any difference in the conduct of the
legal proceedings now pending sciinst city officials
charged with fraud. T!ie object of the reporter's
?iMt havlnj oecn stated, Mr. O'Oonor said:?
'?l tiave no intention to relax any or tne legal pro
ceedings taken against Mr. Tweed and others, ou
the contrary, they wui be punned with the same
determination tbat we bave shown hichorto. These
frauds are not a question of party or of elections,
but of a vindication of the honor of the State and
city."
'?von, of course, bave heard the rumor of Tweed's
resignation of the Commlssionership or the Depart
ment of Public Works, Mr. O'Conor. Is there any
foundation, as far as you know, for this rumor V
"Yes, I heard the rumor last night; I don't kfidW
whether the Mayor deuieB the resignation of Tweed,
but be ought to know whether Mr. Tweed has fol
lowed, or is likely to follow, the example of Mr.
Sweeny."
"I believe the Mayor has J19 knowledge of the
resignation, either actual or intended. He gave one
of our reporters so to understand yesterday.'?
??Well, the Mayor would knofr, certainly, and
probably do^"
"Yon, oTcourse, have also heard of the rumor
abont 'i weed's flight from tho dry and his voyage
to Europe?"
'?Yes, that I heard also; but of coons it is not
true. Though if taat were the case it would not
make much pructieai difference as far as his prose*
cutlon for theso irauds is concerned.
"I may inter 110m that, 1 presume, that both
Tweed's offences ana the vigor of tho prosecution
would enable any extradition law to be put into
effect?"
"Yes; I don't think Tweed will escape punish
ment In that way, and 1 should think he knows
that."
"is not Tweed a large owner of real estate; and
is not his property generally of a character that
could not be turned into available cash very speed
Is so; but desperate emergencies require
desperate means, and this may possibly be Mr.
Tweed's position; and he may think It desirable to
make sacrlfces in tbat direction rather than run
any further risks.
"Putting the consideration of the civil actions
against Tw eed for fraud out of tbe question for a
moment, l supnoee Tweed is not lixely to take his
Senatorial scat in the noxt Legislature.
"certainly not. 1 don't Intend to move against
him iu that direction by bringing the action of his
frauds as u barrier. The informalities that have
been committed in bis Senatorial district during
the election, and wnich have secured his return, are
quite sufficient to unseat nlin. A very little irregu
larity suttlcc3 for that; but Tweed's friends have
been largely and grossly irregular at the election."
"1 presume the same mar be said about Corpo
ration Attorney Fields
"1 don't know *n;tn|ng about the election re
turns ofbh district, nut 1 do know that he will
never take ms scat in tbe Assembly, lie has done
quite enough to prevent that."
*?rho election is a won lrous triumph on the part
of the people, Mr. O'Conor, and must have been a
surprise to the reform party."
"Yes, i think there is not a man or any party
but what must have been greatly surprised at the
result. The time for tho creation of public opinion
was so ehori that a result Uke that achieved on
Tuesday could uoi have been expected by any calcu
lation of !lw ordinary probabilities."
"2fOW aojm ucconnt for so signal a defeat of
Sbandley? I '?e man most snrprtsed at bis
election must KtV- been General Slgel. Did the fact
or Shandiey associating with Tweed defeat bim j"
"Not id rf'tScVniii i thlnf.M sn&ndley's tflftunct
at Rochester, lie ftfid a baud oi 9lben tyST?
under the name o. lite 'Shandley Lfiglou," and I
think t lie n66ple feme mbe rod that. This, I think,
did Shandley more harm than anything else."
"Have you any apprehensions that the large
republican majority in the Legislature will result
in party legislation to any extent?''
"Well. 1 am not in their counoils, and therefore
don't know what they may intend; but of this I am
certain, that every republican elected is determined
to unite with the democrats in stamping out these
disgraceful frauds."
?a don't know whether yon have noticed, Mr.
O'Conor, the city vote, but you will see that there
Is a very large republican vote brought out in the
city -indeed so large that it would seem tbat the
cltv, if tbe full vote were polled, under the present
excitement, might tie epubllcan."
"Welt, better be republican than allow these
dreadful frauds and thtevlngs to go on to the ruin
ous extent ther have been going ou."
"The Senate will have some Kood men in It now,
ami the throwing out of Morton and Genet Is greatly
helpi ul In that direction."
"Yes, talking about N01 ton reminds me what an
old man said to me the other day, thai the last
honest occupation Norton was engaged In was door
keeper to a dog pit."
"I believe that is so. Mr. O'Conor. I have heard
that that was the kind of social position he* occupied
belore he went into politics. I am told that he has
been nearly ruined bv this election, and that Utiand
fey, too, has lost ail that he is worth."
?'Well, these men lake great chances and they
must be content to abide by the result. They are
very desperate, but the people have shown them
this time they can bo desperate too. The victory so
far ought to be the prtdo or every honest man In the
city. I'bts talk Is very pleasant, but I am so very
busy that 1 must now Bay good day and go to work
again."
"Don't let me detain you from such commendable
employment for one moment. I am mucn obliged
for tho privilege of this conversation. Good day,
sir."
WHAT TWEED HAS DOSE ABOUT IT.
He Ilitn Not Not Mailed for
Knrope- Won't K??i?n J nut Vrt-Whst lie
f**y? About Unseuting lllm? The Halt to
Recover? HI* sly Humor Over Ills Vic
tory? Some of tne Boy* Speak.
A Herald reporter yesterday leisurely climbed
the stairs leading to tbe Department of Fnbllc
Works In search of occular evidence or ?'Hons"
Tweed's presence in this city of corruption, muni
cipal correction and ridiculous minora. At tbe
hesd of the second flight, gathered at>ont tbe door,
were four or Ave weil-dresscd ponton*, whose be
havior and absence of diamonds showed tnat they
were
WOT or THI STRIKER CLASP,
who, the public have been led to believe by sensa
tional writer*, stand guard night and day over tbe
body of Tweed and bask in his smiles. A moment
later a gentleman passed out and another passed
in, an J theu came Judge Dowling, looking as fresh
as a recently hooked trout, ana qnlto as active.
Into the fanct um tanctorum of tne Tammany
Sachem Dowling waa hurried by tbe polite messen
ger, who guarded tbe "holiest of holies, and for a
brief season all waa quiet along tbe line of tbe haii.
A card was deposited by the reporter in the hand of
the messenger, who disappeared, and a moment
later tbe big bell of Tweed sounded tbo signal
"Ready for the next searcher after an Interview."
A quiet wave or tbe messenger's band notified tbe
reporter that
"TM MAN WHO BAILED ON TBI RUSSIA"
on Wednesday for Earope, after resigning
bis office of rreslaent of the Board of Pubiio
Works, was awaiting the reporter's presence. Tbe
door swung open, and, passing several waiting for
an audience, the roporter stood in the preaence of
the Senator elect for the Fonrtb district.
As be entered Sachem Tweed arose, and with a
smile extended bis hand, and said, "Sit down, j
I didn't sail on the Russia."
These 376 pounds of
POLITICS, MU3CLB, FLUSH AMD BLOOD
dropped gracefully into a seat and laughed beartllv
at the idea of his European tour, while the reporter
was cogitating as to what had beeone of Dowling
tbe terrible. A rapid glance showed that he waa
not In the interior rveaa, and the reporter tunpi
oioiiHly examined the floor for a trap door through
which Judicious JosepQ couUl nave made tola exit
anotuerveo.
"Haiieti on the Russia exclaimed the Boss, as he
shook from toe to hair with laugliter. "What next?
A BALLOON EXCURSION TO TIIK NORTH POLB, KU l"
"80 you are not me man who sailed, Mr* Tweed,
eh?" said the reporter. "It was so reported, but If
jou left yesterday you've had a muck passage, or
n>etuinks l see a very big gnost of a very big and
very livo chief of the Wigwam."
"You're felt tuy grasp lust now. Was it ghost
like
"No; I ran? confess it is the old, genuine saluta
tion; but tell me, .Mr. Tweed, how did you get back
so soon I'm in a deuce of a quandary to fiud now
yon came here n
YOU I'ASSRD TUB HOOK
outward bound yesterday."
"Well, It's a secret," and the old chnr bent over
and in an undertone and with a wicked twinkle
playing In his a/.urceve remarked:? "I'll tell yon.
Yesterday 1 was In the Board of Apportionment as
late aa three o'clock, and? didn't sail at all. Ha: ha!
You know how these reports fly about."
Again the (senator's ponderous body shook with
laughter.
"We?i, senator, as yon're in the flesh still, what
are you going to do about it?"
"now?"
"Why, a i tout restgulng. It la said jou have re
Hlgued. Is It sot"
Mr. Tweed drew himself up and assumed a dig
nified demeanor:?
"Me resigned r No. sir; not quite yet."
The laugh again cAme iu.
"Why, you seem to oe In a Jolly humor this morn
ing. Bui no you intend to resign y"
NO, SIR, 1 UAVB,N0r KKfllONED,
nor do I intend to w?[ >.ssdi.'l
"Ymf^Wfiinor TIkcIJ resign pending this suit
against you, I suppose
"ilaraiy. Thai depends bpon how long it lasts."
"O'Donovan ltossa's vanquisher smiled again and
continued:?
"No, not now. 1 am in no hurry about resign
to change the subject, Mr. Tweed, will
there be any attempt by Rossa to
CONTEST YOUIl BRAT?"
"I have not heard wiiat his luteutlons are."
Mr. Tweed looked grave for the first time, and
Dowllng suddenly threw open a dcor and took a
seat in an Inner office.
"Well, what would bo the course of the Senate If
It desires to unseat you',"
"They can attempt to impeach me."
"For alleged acts anterior to this election?"
"Yes; lor any act that two-thirds of the Senate
may think me guilty or. They can expel a member
at any time bv a two-third vote."
??Do you think they will attempt it in the event of
your vindication in the coming trial v"
"j hey may but
IT MIGHT NOT UK POLIO*
for them to dow'
"How about the amendment of the complaint
lodged against v mi I
"I see by the press that the papers have been re
called, but as I have not seen tae counsel having
charge of the case 1 know not the reason."
"What is there iu the rumor that a joint complaint
Is to be made against you ana Tom Fie.as P
"I have not heard it."
"Jt la sa reportedj"^
??jiy counsel has not Informed mo of It, and 1 do
not know what it can rofer to.'! i
"Well, said the reporter, rising, "you seem to lose
no flesh; you sleep well, eli?"
"Splendidly."
"And your appetite Is not seriously Impaired
"Not at all."
"And you didn't resign nor sail the broad sea
ovor
"Not yet, If I know myself."
"There is an old saviug, "Laugh and grow rat."
Judging from your humor to-dav 1 should stvy your
avoudupol8c is on the increase."
The auswor was a smile; tne bell sounded,
LOIUN INUXRSOLL
stalked Into the presence of Air. Tweed and the re
porter stalked out. At tne door four or five persons
wero congregated. One asked hint.
"Has tue Boss resigned
"No,'' was the response.
"Is he going to
"No; not yet."
The interrogator turned to his companions with
th? exclamation
"Didn't I.teil yer so
TBI! OLD MAN'LL COMB OtT ALL RhlRT
yet. If he's guilty he'd *gct,' like (Jarvev and In
gersoil. He's Innocent; he's game. Bully lor the
Boss."
The reporter walked down stairs, and his deduc
tions from the interview are:?
first? Tweed didn't sail on the Russia, Wednes?
day.
Second? Tweed fibs furiously if he has resigned.
iKird? Tweed don't Intend to resign just yet, or
he prevaricates.
fourth? Tweed Intends to take his seat at Albany.
Fifth Tweed grows fat on tils alleged tailing lor
tnnes.
Sixth? Tweed, If ho bo the "big stealer" that is
rliaraed, is the most non-committal stealer In (<o
thauT.
AiiRtST OF THOMAS t FIELDS.
He Voluntarily Surrender** nud in Uni\rd in
One Ilnunrcd Tiiousaud Dullard? lie in on.
fldent ol tbe Keonlt.
Another of th9 members of the Ring has been
placed under bonds to behave liimself for the future
and atone for the past. JUr. Thomas C. Fields, mem
ber elect of the Assembly of New YorK, Fire Com
missioner and a distinguished Mar in toe party
swamped on Tuesday, was arrested yesterday
on tho suit of the people, who charge
Mm w'Mi the uii)U gi g large sum of
mdrie/ Appropriated Ly ine legislature of 1870
for the Firo Department. Fields haa beig
quite sick since Sunday, bnt notwithstanding
lie was able to come down town yesterday to his
ottlce to meet au old iriend who wanted to see him
on particular business. This friend was tho Hherlit,
who had an order for hid arreit. About one o'clock
Fields drove up in a carriage and lmmed.atoly alter
sent word to the Sherltrs onice mat he was on hand.
Following, as has i>een bin habit lor many years, tno
brilliant example of the "Boss," lie determined to
face ibe danger and await tho result ot the action of
the courts? tne bluu game to the last,
Mr. Judson Jarvis, the Deputy HUerlft in charge
of the order of Arrest Denaitment, stepped over to
Fields' office and at once arrested thai distinguished
patriot and took the oilered bail. Mr. Hawicy L.
I'lapp, hotel Keeper, New Utrecht, and Mr. F. lie
Barry, wine importer, were present, and qualified
as the bondsmen of Fields in $100,000 each, the ttali
being flxed at $U)o,ooo. When the Bheri IT s deputy
and the bondsmen had retired Pleld re-cnterea nis
carriage and drove to his uptown resldonce. lie
was quite cueerlnl, notwithstanding the physical
pain be suffered and the greater mental agony he
endured, lio remarKCd to nls rrieiids that he would
be Able at the proper time to vindicate himself bo
fore the people. H is not expected that Fields' case
will be called for somo days.
WOODWARD STILL AT LARGE.
Expiration of tlio Order nf Arrest which wan
lusncd in Hie Csie.
The warrant which was Issned sometime since
against Mr. Albert A. Woodward expired last Satur
day witnont that gentleman baling been found.
Knowing this fact a representative of the Herald
called at tbe SbenlTs office yesterday afternoon and
Inquired of Mr. Judson Jarvis, tho arrest deputy,
what action was likely to be taken with reference
to tno matter. Mr. Jarvis said that tbe
order of arrest hail been returned to
him by the officer to whom It had been given tor
service, and that as the case now stood he did not
know what lurtner seeps would be taKen. Mr.
Woodward, he believed, wan not in town, but us
regards his whereabouts he wan perfectly ignorant.
As the matter cow stands ho (Jarvis) was without
any authority to arrest him, even though he should
walk Into his office at anv moment, in order to
secure hlui when he does return to the
city a new order of arrest will have
to be issued by some one of the Judges of tho Su
preme court. Woodward's mends say that he is
expected hack daily, and that whon he arrives ha
will mo-t undoubtedly auxrender n.iuseif to the
authorities.
THE FIRST ViCTIE
No. 10 New chavreiis Street, Nov. 8, i?JJ.
To the Editor ok the Herald:?
1 have been employed lor some time past as
machinist at tho Fire Department Ropalr Shop in
Elizabeth street. No fault has ever been found with
my worlt. I have not waited till to-day to be pro
nounced a competent mechanlo. 1 wont to worn
this morning, as usual, at eight o'clock, and at half
past ten in walk* the Superintendent, Mr. Henry
Close, who, to my and many other's astou.?hment,
yells so as to be heard nearly a block distant, ??Kros.
nan, put on your coat I Clear out of hero I Go to
your friends, Kossa and Warren, and get a jo'j from
them,"
In the langnago or the late lamented Art, mus
Ward 1 would inquire. "Why is this thus?" 1 havo
worked In some of the best shops In the United
States, genenlly In the capacity of foreman, but be
cause, in the language ol Fire Commissioner Hen
nessy, repeated to me on the same day, 1 was not
on the right side, and on account of my receiving
the appointment through colonel John Warren, I
stand forth victimised and being honored as tho
first victim. Mr. Hennessy's closing remarks are
significant when lie lusuifcngly ordered me to go to
my friends, the reformers, as they had plenty of
money and could take care of me.
Tnis Is only an lota ol tbe oppression an l tyranny
to wnlch colonel Warren and his friends arc sub
jected because of the position they have taken
against the now thank God defunct an l corrupt
King. Yours respectfully, JOHN 11KOSNAN.
ELECTION OP A BISHOP.
Harrissuro, Pa., No?. 9, 1871.
Rev. M. A. Da Wolf Howe, of Philadelphia, wan
elected Him morning Bishop of the new Kpiscopai
1 diocene oi control Pennsylvania by ft vote vf to 33.
ALLEGED ELECTION FRAUD IN BROOKLYN.
The Brpubllcau* of Brooklyn Prolut En
Against the RckuU of the Election.
Charges of Ballot Box Staffing and Inter
fering with Canvassers.
Xt?'mnr>lcN ot tlio Iiidignaut
PnrHost.
Ma.^or Kinbtloiseli to Ashisl In the Froxco
lion of OflVudeiri.
The Republican General Committee headquarters,
over the Post Ofl'co, Washington street, Brooklyn,
were filled to reple' ton by the leading lights of the
radical uarty aad the defeated candidate1* on their
ticket as early an nine o'clock yesterday morning.
They as-emMed pursuant to a call Issued r>y Silas B.
JJutcher, Cha.Uiyaq yf said committee and super
visor o i Infernal Revenue, "for '5n uurposo of
taking measures to contest the recent irannulcut
elections m this city and to protest against the ln
famous manner in vhich tbe people have )>een
robbed of their rights." The meeting was called to
order by Mr. Dutcher, who said the importance of
investigating the (ratios which have b-en commit
ted could not be overestimated. Mr. Samuel
Hutchinson wan chosen Chairman and ex-Alderman
Whiting Secretary.
Ex-Assemblyman TV. W. Goodrich then ar<?-e,
and Baid he believed that it would be conceded
by every one familiar with the facts that the gross
est frauds had been committed at the rcoent elec
tions. It would not satis ly the honest voters to
Know that they had gained a signal triumph in the
State over corruption, when they knew that there
have i>een frauds committed at their own doors, by
wmch gentlemen who were elected fairly have been
deprived of Uieir places; and, therefore, ui the
pildst of their triumph it would behoove them to
take instant and effectual measure.* to repair the
wrong done and punish those who had thus violated
the most sacred right, lie would move that a com
mittee of five bo appointed to prosecute all breaches
ot tho Election law, to see that the o Ulcers who aro
charged with tho duty of indicting peijoiiij
resented lor there crimes fullUOilli porionn
heir dmy, aud where republicans who have ticca
elected are sought to be deprived 01 their rights *.oc
thai tho***) rights ayo sccurcd to them, lie con
cluded as loilows:? Wo never shall have a fair elec
tion until repeaters ?u<1 lhos6 who tuako a living by
unfair politics are made to understand that we
mean, whenever a republican caudldaie in de
frauded oi hl8 rights, to contribute to Uio prosecu
tion of those who delraud him. I know that in
18t>?, when there was an organized fraud through
out the city, 1, u nd in common with myself there
wore many counted out. Tho decided Btaud taken by
the cituscus did much to insure a healthier con
dition of aitairs in the toilowing year; and so it will
be now. l.ct us act with vigor.
United htates District Attorney It. r. Tka-'HY stig
gesied that one ot tho duties of this committee
snould be to wait upon the Mayor and other onicors
oi tne city who are willing to co-operate m redress
ing the wrongs inflicted, and asx them to unite in
calling a meeting, "irrespective of party," toexposo
the frauds that have been committed at the ballot
bov and to puuish those who nave committed thcin,
and place iu offlce the men who wero properly
elected. The proois ot fraud were abundant. In
the second district of the First ward the police, at
the bidding ol tho ueniocratlc Supervisor of mat
ward, took by the collar the republican inspector
alter the Hoard liad been organized, after tho poll
ulerlu had oecu appointed, and walked him out of
the room, ana in his place the Supervisor designated
one of the moat notorious ballot box stu ircrs in the
city, and the police kept mm in his place. Tho lellow
was permitted to remain, despite the protest en
tered by the speaker. It was not accessary to add,
he said, that the republicans were counted out at
that poll and the republican candidate lor Alderman
defeated by a majority of 22. in the Seventh As
sembly district, ?here they h?ve countcd out
Cliailes B. Morton, who was honestly elected, they
withheld the oouut of that vote until laie yesunvmy
morning, when, finding that mi H"3*
cotii' i deieatlnui was by fttumug me bauotbox, tliejr
put lu 13ft Assembly district ballots In a slugto <us
uriot, and then conn.vu Mm out oy lour majority.
Do you believe that 1<0 people came up to that, poll
and vob-d the Assembly ticket aud no other,
the Asssmmy ticket having lob moro votes man
the state la mis district t Von are required lo
believe that iSO men went to tho polls and vote I Mr
Afcsemoivujan and for no other soul either on state,
city or couiitj tickef, and, what is moat peculiar,
they must aft nave voted ul one Ume. Xow wnere
are oil then* mcu t Jf tn-y exist In that district tnoy
can boh>uiUUit may ?c Ascertained who those IHJ
men wet*. *"Vrhy, gentiomen, tho theory is nobtini.
Tnc nftiiot box was stutfed in that district lor the
purpose ot counting ont an Assemblyman who was
elected. Now, we demand not on ly that that, wrong
shall be rlg'itcd, and that that meuiiicr shad have a
certiBoate of election, but that the meu whosmn<u
the ballot bo^ hould bo arrested, indletcd aud
fthhfrhM. ..T5 ?i? V y-5?-
Win? sixth ward they return l ;C6 votes. This,
Mr. lracey a-serted, was a physical impossibility to
tally 1,369 dilring tue time this poll was open. In
the Third district, where he voted, in Montague
street, 7 so voles were polled during tue day, and tho
inspector of election declared it would tie necessary
to tirovuio tor the next election a division of the
district. There has been an organized system of
fraud, and he charged that the police were 111 league
with the swindlers. In the Second ward the
democratic vote returned is .',216 and the republican
?J04. When a Governor Hoilman was elected, in i8?9,
the vote of this ward was l, aoa and the republican
Ml.
Mayor Kalbflelscli entered tne hall while Mr.
Tracey was speaking, aud coming forward was re
ceived with applause, lor which he returned thanks,
tie said ho had learned trom several witnesses mat
the order of the day was iraud, "aud now I think it
is timo, if American citizenship is worth anytning,
somotniQK Hhoul.i be done. If the people are to be
deprived ot their choice In tho selection oi men to
fill offices of mist through fraud, it is time some
change should be made. 1 am wltn you in icrrettng
out these irauds, and 1 agree to share the expenses.
In 1809, when a Governor was elected, the demo
cratic vote in tne Filth ward was 2,1100, against 4,100
this year, when thero was no Governor elected,
an increase of 1,000. The population has not in
creased, he contended, over a 00. In tho second
ward the vote has been increased 1,100 over that or
l?. w. This the Mayor considered impossible."
Ex-Mavor Boom also spoxe, and heartily en
dorsed the object ol the meeting. A committee was
appointed to perfect airangements for holding a
ma&s meeting ai the Academy! Music Mils evening.
A UKPl'BI l7I^fl?IN.
It was conceded yesterday afternoon by the demo
craw that. Charles B. Morton, republican candidate
lor Assembly In the seventh district of Kings county,
is elccied over W. Waiuwrlght. democrat. They
pleaded hnvinsr made a mistake In the original can
vass. This givesMhe republicans Ave Assemblymen
elect out ot nine iu that county, being a gain of lour
over last year.
A COMMITTER OF FIFTY APrOINTFO.
Yesterday Mr. E. T. Backhouse, chairman ot the
meeting held at. tnc Kink 011 the Jltn ot October, re
ported the names of nfty ciuaens who arc to serve
as a cominltice and "iak? ich measures as may be
thought necessary und expedient to carry out tho
purposes lor which the said meeting was called."
The meeting was called for the purpose of securing
reform in the municipal government. Subjoined is
a list ot 1 lie names of the committee appointed by
Mr. Backhouse:? Ambrose Snow, Joseph Wilde,
Charles H. Fellows, Joan Wnitc, Jonn Young, Mar
vin cross, George M. Woodward, William B. Hurrt,
John Dohcrty, Koiert Macoy, Edmund Driggs,
Charles E. Uill, J. 0. Boettcner, Harold Dolncr, E.
Rorko, S. M. Beard, John Huberts, A. 11. Howe, j. a
HeiHinbulUe, L. Mckerson, Marcus C. Blags, JohnG.
Johnson, B. A. Packer, James Weaver, W. J. Bartow,
John E. cammeyer, Kemsen B. Hlnmann, Lumor 0.
Carter, Liervey G. Law. William K. G. Shanks,
Harvey E. Hicks, R. M. Whiting, Gideon Frost,
Julian Alien. J. P. Wallace, Samuel M. Meeker,
Morris Reynolds, James Millwater, Kobert Ander
son, Thomas N. Hooker. Gilbert Potter, Frederick
W. Kidbflelsch, Robert Sargent, Oscar F. tlawley,
Jesse C. Smith, Samuel Hutchinson, O. F. Good,
eno.igh, Oliver O. Carter, William A. colt, Edwlu
Bui k icy.
The selection has b en made intending to repre
sent interests from all parts or the city, in order to
enable tho oominltleo to possess as full a knowiedgo
aB possible of grievance; within the province or the
committee's investigation.
QKOROii HA USER'S "HUBBY.'*
irvmgton, a suburb of Newark, N. J., ami noted
rnong admirers or the national game as the Home
of me great base ball dab or Jersey, is the proprie
tor of a sensation m which no Ions a <iliiu<ary than
High Constable Kllas Pranconl raj lor, and the wile
01 George Hauler, a poor bac nouesi citizen,
figure as principals. In* relation* alleged of
Mr. Hauser to have existed between the
High Constable and Mrs. Hauser are of a character
suniciently grave to have warranted the issuance
tiy Justice Miller, of Newark, of a warrant lor the
arrest of Elias. The arrest waft effected y<wter?lay
aiternoon bv Constable Connor. The primmer was
taken t>efore a man is t rate and held to ball in the
sum of *3,uuo. Constable King went his bill. Mr.
Hauser declares his worser balf has beeu playing
tbe part of a uussy.
DHOWNIIQ OABDALTY.
fteorge Rogers, a watchman employed by tbe
Knickerbocker Ice Company, wae accidentally
arowned at toe foot of DlVMlon avenue, William*
burg, on Wednemtaj night. His body wan recovered
and sent to i?w mutai? i?t Hopkins atmi* ye?
tenia/,
THE FOURTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
AptMtaiMMt af HwwrtMr la Ji<i? Kmc.
kruM-Umriar llaltWn ItruMt far
Hnfkinc (ha VppalaUMrtii? An Impartaat
l^tal "-tilt |u Craapert.
Albany, N. V., Not. u. 1871.
Governor iloflman Dim appointed the Hon. Sam
uel Jackson, or Huheneotay, Judge or the Supreme
<;ourt In the Fourth Judicial dt.-aricu The following
Is the Governor's letter:?
Htatk ok Nkw York, i
Kxktttivb Ciiambmh, Albany. Nov. n IS7I.
Oka it 81 k? 1 The resignation or Judue itoaekians
the day before the annual election (?l ihi i raise.' tho
question, under section 'J oi article i; ot the
constitution whether Mr. Potter, wtio, It I- us- j
Hunted, i coimvciI the majority oi votes iast at that
election, could tike oWce minor it. it bolus lalmed
by Judge KoHt-kraiirt and ot hem, an I am trlormed,
a* tne elect. on occurred three month* alter the
happening or 'ho vacancy, it wa* or no effect, j
ana that the vacancy can only t? filled t?y
appointment, Utc appointee to hold over until l)e-
cember 31, iw. 11 tli** question thus presontod
could be so tied or avoided by tne appointment of
the successful cmdidote, the Voice ol tne lar and j
the interests o! 'ho public would U'liiaml of rue l
that I should appoint him. to the cud {hat
there ml'riit te no uudtte strife over a Judicial
otUco, thui the will of the people, as ex-
pressed ai >lio liallol box, should not l>e de
icate.l ity iiio rcoiguHllou of Juduu Uoecrana. 1
and I should appoint him at once: but It is clear
that neither such appointment nor the failure to
make *ny would avoid tu issue. It would only
postpone i?. At the election lu lifj Home one
WCUitl loOHbJjf tig mod lor fp?a cout&-<i Mr. I'ot. j
tei's seal, claiming iTie election of 1^71 to ?'live been
void and that the uppoiutment front tha (iotoruor
expired December si, 1*72. 'iho admitted purpose
or JudL ll'i- kraoH' re lpr.ni: -n to i .n
this question uud to dolt-it Mr. Potter's
election, and it must be met and ueepl d sooner or I
later, ins important it should be aeoaled an early i
as possible. You were the minora} candidate at
the late election itad your quaiillcaiious lor ti e ofllee
are unquestioned. I, thcrerore. to-duv invited you
and Mr. Matthew Hale, council for Mr. Potter,
to meet fne at Uio Executive Chamber, and am
glad to know that you both nee the rorce of
my suggestions. I therefore appoint you to
Ull the vacancy created by the resignation of
Juuge Ilo.-i' kru'is, in the belief thai you and Mr.
Potter will be able to procure an early judicial con
struction of tue auction ot ttio consul niton beforo
relerred to. 1 think this can be doue early enough
to prevent any unnecessary cnntllet in he ludlcial
district. 11 so my ohtan will be attained. Very
truly yours, JOHN T. HOKFMAN.
ToHamijul W. Jackson.
(VlfcW YORK, CITY.
The following record will snow the ctuuiei ui the
temperature lor the past twenty-four hours In com
parison with this corresponding day of use jre ir, as
IndlcateJ by the thermometer at HuduiU's Phar
raucy, Hbbjilj) tfuikiing, corner of Ann
1B70. 197V 1H70. 187L
Z A. M ?0 42 3 P. M ?fl 60
A A. M th 42 P. M 02 M
9 A. M. tW 43 W P. ii r.a 6U
12 M 01) 49 12 P. M 48 4k
Average temperature yesterday 47
Average temperature for corresponding date
lust year M.H
(Jlmrles Steluhoir, a German, thirty-llvo vears of
age, died yesterday lu the Centre Street Hospital
from the effects of injuries received on Tuesday lust
by /ailing through the hatchway of liaobltt's soap
factory, No. 7 Greenwich street. Deceased. who was
a sailor, lived at 36 Kecror nneet. Coroner Young
was notified to hold au inquest over tho remains.
There was brought to tne Morgue yesterday, from
pier No. l, North River, tho body of an unknown
man, aged thirty-five years, live feet six incncs,
black hair and sandy mustache, dressed In gray
mixed coat, blue flannel overshlrt, red undershirt,
black cloth pants, and boots with red tops. I Ins
been in the water about ten days. Ho ly too much
decomposed to be placed on the Morgue.
Professor R. Ogden Doremus Is to lecture ou "Tne
Blessings of Modern Science," at the hall of the
Young Men's Christian Association, corner of Fourth
avenue aud Twenty-third street. Tlie llrst lecture i
will be giveu on tno evening of November 21, and
be lodowed by three others ou tne following Tues-
day evenings. The experiments which will accorn-
pauy and be the distinguishing leaturo of these
lectures are expected to be as brilliant and uttrac- J
live as they are costly, i
Corcuer Herman yesterday held an inquest in
the ca&e o( Juni'-s Lyons, late of 53 4cammei street,
whose death was c.i iaed by injuries received on lUe
j 30th ultimo, by being run over corner 01 lentil
H'rcet and avenue A by cur No. 7 ol tile Gran t und
Forty -second atreet terry Hue. Deceased, who was
j intoxicated, attempted to uei ou the irout. platform
while it wab in motion, ami lalim^ bciore the Wjied
waa crushed. 'J'he jury reuderod a verdict or riccl
denial death. lucawil was twenty-throe yesr-a of
I agv anil a native of Ireland.
A JE&oST JUBILi
(4vm?4 rara?at ami Ttrcklltki nn-rmmion in
Newiu k~>Tlt? llurrUoa Tumi-ike Bridge
Krrf F?rcver.
Hast Newark or Hairlson towuHhlp, ju.it over
from Newark, effervesoed ia<<t night in honor of
t ho surossfuJ final accomplishment of the
iree-brldge moveui." til. Ttr T75) the tlrat
bridge wa<* thrown across tne Palate. The fran
chise finally passed into the hands ol theJeisey
llaltroad monopoly compauy, and has for nearly
half a century been Ormly held in their prasp. It
was a toll bridge, and e\erybody crossing
in a wa#ou was compelled to pay twelve
cents. At last the people begun to
entertain disgust for the Institution and styled the
bridge u reminiscence of a barbaric age. Ou Juno
;u?, 1 170, a number oi Uie eitizous of Harrison,
headed by an energetic young resident, Mr. William
A. I.'ro, held a meeting and took the tniti.d steps
looking to the aboiisnment of tho tons. During
last winter the matter waa taken to Trenton
ami an act passed authorizing the purchase of tho
bridge by the counties of Ksai and Hudsou. It
was uot till last Monday that the provisions of this
act were fully carried out, ou that day, as reported
in the iif.hald of Tuesday, the purehaso money
i $7C(ii00) was paid over and the bridge thrown open,
tree lor ever, amid
TUB BOOJiINO OP CANNON.
Last night a procession of about t wo thousand
persons, including a large number or horsemen
and torchlight and Cltineae lantern-bearers,
marched trom Harrison across the bridge,
headed by a One brass band, and through
broad street, Newark. Thero was much enthusiasm
manifested 011 tno occasion. The processionists
presented quite a picturesque appearance as they
marched down Broad street amid the cheers of tlie
people, who supposed it was in honor or Joel Parker
and his great victory. After serenading w. 11.
McCIane, a gentleman prominent in the movement,
they returned and serenaded the local news
paper o dices and then marched back to 1
Harrison, wnero ihe rest or tno evening
nas spent in gieat merriment. Of ail
the persons complimented with -serenade* last
niKht tlie most deserving is Mr. Lie, wno U Uie
lather or the uioveinont, and lias cared lor, watched
and ouise.I it with a parent's anxiety until ll
reached its full maturity, ll is to be Hoped that
some testimonial more substantial than compli
mentary words will be tendered nun.
THE PACIFIC COAST.
Arrr*l la Nan Francisco of a l>!ii?aa?liu?etta
Bunk Kabber? A Wliurw Arrettril lor l'cr
jurjr? )IUc*rriid .Mali.
Ban Fiiam'isoo, Nov. isti.
nine, who robbed a Massachusetts bank of $?k,ooo,
waa arrested hero by detective* last evening. Most
of the money was found in his possession.
Judge Lcpulveda delivered an impressive charge
to the Grand Jury at Loa Angelos to-day, urging
them to avoid prejudice and sustain the cause of law,
order aad morality by indicting me perpetrators ol
the recent atrocious massacre of Chinese.
The remains of tho wife and child of Buckskin,
alias Pyborn, the desperado who was shot near Man
Rafael, Lower California, by tho HiierliT of Loa
^ltgekw some months since, have bean found near
(?uaualoupe itanche. It is supposed ihe woman be
came Insane and wandered aw ly and died.
There la great excitement bear Visa I la over the
discovery of numerous rich gold quartz ledges.
It is snppo^ed thai the tire In Vuiago was the
work ol design.
tlasiing's Hank at San traudsco and the bank
of sime A Co. in tins city (both lecentlv suspended)
will probably pay fifty cents hi tho dollar.
At Portland General Davidson, a witness In the
Carulhers cabe. lias beta arrested for pcrjurr. lu
swearing thai "W resiling Joe" is not his rather.
I'lto prosecution claims that lie Is. The ease excites
great interest.
Hix'eeu bags of Kngltsh closed mall received by
Hteamsnp Kassia ut New Vork and luteixled
for Chicago reached this city to-night overland.
Ihe postmaster will send it back to-morrow.
RHODE ISLAND W01IAH'3 SUfTEAOB ASSO
CIATION.
Pa IVIDRNCS. R. L, Nov. 1871.
The Hhode island Woman suffrage Association,
at Its annnai meeting to day voted to become auxil
iary to the American Association. Mrs. K. B.
Chase was re-elected President. Among the speak
ers were Colonel Hlggiuson, Lacy uioue, lie v. Cell*
1 Burlelga aad Mrs. t V ch?ftiu&
WASHINGTON.
Governor Palmer, of Illinois,
Under a Cloud.
AUwiiiktfng u Vcan Itevm*** IJp?>n
(?oueral Sheridan.
Wahbinotokt, Nov. i#yi.
i?,Bota Ac tempi*
iik. ..n (.'rneral >hrrMna.
n.vEZoW ?f ,"in0ia' fTom "in.
wore the n? w"ea be> M Wel1 MUcrtOM.
Hotiu with t J!'?," 1 Un,te<l Muie"> ,la* 'n*deao
tn lalter relative to the killing nM
ekx

u,rssr^rr.sr^:
coo temp.atlouof tho fact, as given out ,7.
Hhwidan roststed to mo end tbn
tha i constituted authorities and beat ctuaeu*
01 Chicago t o establish martini law upon tBt! Oan
geron* pica mut necessity knows no law. u?
never went further than, as a resident an<| pro
pert/ owner oi tti? unfortunate city, io place hi
P?woual service i af. the disposal of tho May< r, and
Utve to t!if? other citizens, anxious to save what Mw
(ire had left to them, an orderly organization, ant bo
rlzed by Mayor Mas.iu, to direct the effort* nm>i*
for i ho preservation of order. lie chose the mm
tury r-rm as threadiest and best Adapted tor u?*
purpose to bo trained. There never was tn ChieMo
in I ho terrlblo days that followed the dreadful
Are, anything more than tho special police tort*
that the Mayor had a lawful right, to say out lung of
tho right or emergency, to call Into temporary
service, liven tho Hold lory that Mhertiau, as a mill
tary commander, summoned to the ettv. poswaiNH
no other character after their arrival. The\ already
had organisation and discipline, and were free from
tho oxcltement sud anxiety that marred the uviwi
ness of the civilian special police, it u nad
possible to bring a sufficient number ol them to Cht
cago, an 1 thns dispense with loss reliable mau nai
Colonel Orosvenor might h;ivc been living to
toy. It Is admitted by the friend* at
Sheridan that the governmen' had no
lawful right to turn its mutary ion*
into a constabulary, nor had it any legal anihorttt
to divert the clothing and tents provided by con
gress for national uses to the benefit of tue miter
eis; bur. it did all this, and public sentiment,
mightier than Congress, approved it. As the whota
case is viewed from hero, Palmer will have to await
future opportunities to wreak his private vengeance
on Sheridan. Visitors iroin Chicago aro unanimous
ami enthusiastic over the Little itenerni, and refer
the isolated hostility and abuse or the Chicago
Times to it.-) suppression by Buruside during the
war, from which act dates an unrelenting vendetta
against all things military,
fnti-re*ti<i? no ileinrc the Souther* lataa
Commission.
Tho Southern Claims commission were engaged
to-day upon a case or unusual Interest, a New
York family, named Armstrong, loug settled la
the vlclultv of Petersburg, Va., had presented a
claim for $20,000 worth ol supplies taken irons then
farms by General (aunt's army duriug tho long
slego of i hat rebellious city. In partial proof of tli?
loyalty of tho family of Armstrong the Commis
sioners were treated by some of tue active partici
pants to a graphic account of a battle royal
at the home 'lead. Two of the conscripted sons,
who had (led from tho rebel ranks, were hunted
down uy Conscripting Omeer ttoiseau, or Petersburg,
with eighteen men, while awaiting their opportu'
ulty to reach the Union Hues, and one oi theui
Vilic.l aul another badly wounaod. The aged
rather, attempting to save Ms son*, was thrown to
the mound ,iud bayenetted, and his scars were
proudly ami effectively exhibited to the Commus.
alouer", in aa-wer to their inquiry i?. tie was loyal
during the war. This u a claim that Conrnt^ win
have to psv.
The \rizniiu ludiiiim.
Delegate Jlccormiek, of Arizona, who ha< be?u i.i
consultation during tue week with President Grant,
General Sherman and tho Secretary of War and
hficrntary or tn? Ulterior, u understood to ?a/ tnai
the new programme for the control of we Indian*
In Arizona will be satisfactory to his constituent*
if strictly a in red to ami Ccneral Crook is detained
In nls dealing with tho hostile Indians. Tho fifth
cavalry is ordered to Arizona io relieve
the Third, and will proceod there at oneo.
Mr. Met oruilck has protested against certain
actsor Mr. Co'yer during his visit to Arizona, and
says ho is aa'L-fieU that they were not authorized
and are not approved by the President. lie denies
that there wns any purpose on the part of his con
stituents to misuse Mr. Colyer, aud Kays they do uoi
wish for war measures an hour longer than is ne
cessity to convlncc tue Apaches that they must
ccaso their robberies and murders. The Arizonlan-.
object, however, to the assertion that these Indians
as a close aro honost and peaceably dtsr <od or
ever have been.
The >fonnina Indian War Claliu.
Inspector General Jatnes A. liarjie, United Siau-s
Army, arrived here to-day from Chicago, for con
ference with the secretary of War and Comptroller
Brodhead as to the be.si menns of replacing uie
documentary matter pcrtalniug to tho Montana
claims, on which he had been for a year engaged,
in pursuance of an act of Congress, when the re
sults or his labors were burned up at General Sheri
dan's headquarters. Fortunately suttlclent oata
remains In General Ilardlc's p isscssion, and Is on
record here, to ensure an cqunab.e distribution of
the expectcii appropriation with but lUUe addi
tional expense and iroubie to ciaimautK or iurtber
delay lu the long defcrrei payment of these claim*.
The War Department has calic l on claimants to rt
pla e their proofs, au Invitation to which ihey ar*
not stow lu re-ipondlng.
A f.lvrl)- I- in lit lor the Spoil, in PfcH*.
dolrthla.
There is a lively contest for tho vacant office, in
riiiimioiphiu, caused by the death of United Htatee
Marshal Gregory, the transieroi C .Hector stckei* ur
the Fourth district, to be Pension Aa-.-ut in place of
Forbes, aud inc resignation by Ai lfor elect ?to?
ley of the As lessors hip or the second district
Senaloia Scott and Cameron, aiso City couiiai?i
slouers McKwan, John a. Lo.uhridge, Omt*.
Handy Smith; Sheriff Leeds an l other PtniadeipUij
politicians h'Ave arrlve<l to urge tue dm ins of their
respective favorites, but as yet the i'resid?-n. h?a
taken no action in t tic matter, a consolidation ol
the .Second and Ponrtu Kevcnuo districts is talked
of, with tho Collector of the Second and A..-? uor ol
the Fourth tn charge. D. W.U Uaster a?i t. n.
Kerns are said to bo promluout applicant* ,'ot
General Gregory's position.
The *.u?irl in Adi K-iisiiri in. iir ol 1,
The Atistro-ilungarhin government haviae
adopte.i the Knglisli system of admeasurement ol
voaseis i ho rule of the Treasury IKpartment uui t?
extended to Austro-Uunganau vessels arriving M
our ports, a corresponding courtesy havmg n^o
extended to American ve.saia in tho port* or ?,n.
kingdom.
K? Klu* Arretted in Month CarollM.
A letter from Spartausbnrg, 8. c., says:?
Uwt Friday night a squad of cavalry rode out la
the direction of iauiestouo Springs and returue)
with eleven Ku Klux prisoner* Xs fir "imUS
could give goo-t bonds nave been admitted to imii
aud ure making preparati >u* tor t.ioir tuaia
The limaillaa .(fall Muaa,>n.
The Post offlco lWpartmout has been notmed
by the Unltel H'ates and iirazii Steamsuip Compaiir,
contractors ror mnu service between brizii and tam
couoiry, thai t uey offer the steamships Kne ail ou
tarlo for said sir vice, in addition to the vessels now
running in ihcir line, aud the .aid steamships wm
accordingly be reported to itio Seoretary oi the
Navy for inspection required by law, prioi to bema
placed in the mail service.
Weekly I'iMsw. iiceH|tt?,
The following are tho customs receipts for |M
week ending October 28:?
New York ,,,WM
Philadelphia 2
Poston "??'if
Haiti more
New Orleans
107,714
ToU'