ei!lomsitx Ajaug
IS PUBI.IHIIED EVERY M«UXING,
(SI NI»AV EXCEPTED,)
4( per year, if paid ali ieHy in advance.
Oih.-m lev, 75 per Month*
fbc {Massachusetts
ESTABLISHED JI LY, 177®.
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At per Annum.
j I>. mi.tiWiS' A Proprietor*.
Ml. 441 M MN HTREKT.
a»lamsfcr gailn
CITY NEWS.
John E.Owens will he al Music hall to-night
in Ilie characters of Solon Shingle and Major
I).' Boot*. The hare announcement will he suffi
cient to till the house.
The Providence Press says that the young
men's Christian association of that city are
making arrangements with the Worcester choral
union for the closing entertainment of their lec
ture course.
Dr. Pliny Earle, superintendent of the North
ampton state lunatic hospital, and Miss Fannie
C. Earle,of this city,arrived at New York, Tues
day, on the steamer Colorado, from Loudon,
after an absence of six months in Europe.
As Mis. William Spencer of Temple street
was icturning from rhe funeral of a deceased
friend, Tuesday evening, her husband so abused
and frightened her that she jumped from a
second story window, fracturing her loft leg so
the bone cut through the skin. Dr. Hubou was
called upon to render surgical aid.
Hoppin's cork jnudels ot Westminster and
Melrose abbeys and ol Windsor castle, which
were on exhibition here a few mouths ago, were
destroyed by the recent fire in Chicago. They
had been exhibited there, but were at the time
boxed up in the express office, subject to orders.
There was only a moderate insurance on them,
and it will be quite a severe Joss to Mr. Hoppin.
It will be recollected that he was ten years in
completing the work.
Municipal Court.—ln themunicipal court,
yesterday, Michael Dumphy, charged with the
murder of John Stack, was arraigned and his
case continued till ten o’clock this morning.
John Maloney paid $lO and costs for fast driv
ing; James Lee was sent to the truant school for
one year; Joseph Young paid $5 and costs for
drunkenness; Thos. McGrath, James Haley
and J unes Terlow each paid S 3 and costs for
drunkenness; John Tehan, complained of for
an assault, and battery, had his case placed on
file on payment of costs, and Ann Burke, for
drunkenness, had her case placed on file.
Musical Convention.—The musical season
will be inaugurated on Monday, when the
county musical convention will assemble in this
city. The committee are wry busy completing
their arrangements, which we are assured will
be on a much larger scale than ever before. If
the great talent engaged is an index of the
other appointments of the occasion, everything
pertaining to its manage:!.ent will be credita
ble to the managers of this annual musical
festival. Advices from all parts of the county
point to an ingathering of (he lovers of music
in larger numbers than ever before convened in
Worcester county. Season tickets are s iting
well, and we advise all to procure them if pos
sible before the opening of the convention.
Those intending to join the great chorus will
save much trouble by securing their tickets im
mediatt ly.
St. Paul’s Fair was cheerful and chatty
last night, a lively throng gathering round the
several tables. The gross receipts were $507.27.
The dramatic episodes elicited hearty laughter;
and the voting was lively. The computing soci
eties diftered unly six votes in the matter of the
chamber set lor the bishop. The lucky recipi
ent’' of prizes weie: Lady’s shawl, Eliza D.
Sheehan; tun of coal, Edward Cunningham;
cotton cloth, John Gallagher; bud spread (table
4), E. E. Miller; silver pitcher, Rev. Robert.
Walsh; dinner set, Mrs. Healy; cotton cloth,
Nellie Finnegan; China set, Mrs. Dennehy;
gold ring, Maggie A. Walsh; inecrchaum pipe,
Herbert Finlay; barrel of flour, Alary Kelley;
silver watch, Ed Howitt; bed spread (table 8),
Katie O’Neill; gold chain, Hannah Sullivan.
Keep the Ball Rolling. The Worcester
committee who have charge of the contributions
fur Chicago, have also been empowered to col
lect money and clothing for the sufferers by the
awful conflagrations in Minnesota, Michigan and
Wisconsin. Cash contributions should be left
at the office ol Rice, Whiting Builo. k, corner
of Pearl and Main streets, and clothing at the
coal office of Strong Rogers, 41U Main street.
The clothing most needed is thick, warm winter
goods; blankets and bedding will form useful
contributions. Prompt action on the part of the
generous people of this section will prevent
much suffering and misery. It is apparent, by
the reports of those who have visited Chicago,
that the very generous aid that has already been
tendered, will fall tar short of meeting the nc-
cessities of the case in that city alone, to say
nothing of the urgent cry for help that comes
from the northwestern states, where whole town
ships have been destroyed. The work ol charity
which has been so faithfully organized, must
not be permitted to lag while so much remains
to be done for the suffering and destitute in the
northwest.
Shot Himself Accidentally. Willie
Brewer, son of Mr. E. I‘. Brewer, policeman, who
lives on Suuthbridge sired, accidentally shot
himself while handling a pistol yesterday after
noon, at about three o’clock. His father found
out that he had the pistol a day or two since,
and took it away from him; but yesterday he
had an opportunity to dispose of it, and bis
father le* him lake it for that put pose. He left
the house and stood upon the sidewalk near by,
forgetting that it was loaded, and examining it
with the muzzle pointed towards him, when it
discharged a ball into the upper part of his abdo
men, which lodg d somewhere near the spine.
He went into the house and told his mother that
he had shot himself, and was in great pain until
relived by an injection of morphine under the
skin. The physicians pronounced his case hope
less, and be understood that he could not re
cover. He is sixteen years of age, and a boy’
loved by all who know him. Though living at
midnight, it was thought that he could nut sur
vive many hours.
Annual Meeting oe the Worcester
Agricultural Society.—The annuul meet
ing of this society was held yesterday forenoon,
in the Indi of the Natural History association,
on Foster street. The president, Mr. C. B. Pratt,
was in the chair, and was unanimously elected
to the same office for another year. Mr. F. C.
Thayer was also re-elected secretary and treas
urer. J. A. Fayerweather of Westboro and John
Brooks of Princeton were chosen vice pre ddents.
'j he other officers were: Delegate to state board
of agriculture, O. B. Had wen; committee on
grounds lor three years, J. R. Pierce; auditing
committee, J. A. Fayerweather, T. E. Hall and
S. Salisbury, Jr. A list of 125 trustees, includ
ing one or more from nearly every town in the
county, was chosen, as usual.
The report of the treasurer was read and ac
cepted. The report announces >6585.45 as re
ceived during the year, and $8092.68 ns expend
ed, leaving in the hands of the treasurer a bal
ance of 52842.77.
A communication from the slate board of ag
riculture was read and adopted, h orders each
society receiving the bounty of the state to pub
lish a catalogue of its members, with their vari
ous occupations, in connection with the trans
actions of the present year, forbids the bestow
ing of future premiums or gratuities for grade
or “native” bulls, and requests the organisation
of an annual meeting by each society, for lec
tures and discussions; these meetings to he de
nominated The Farmer’s Institutes ol Massa
chusetts.”
State Guard.—The vacancy in tire com
mandership of the State Guard, created by the
recent resignation ol Major Jameson, was filled
by the election held last evening. The meeting
was large and enthusiastic, both companies
being well represented by their most active mem
bers. Major Drennan, of the Tenth regiment,
presided. Major John R. Green was elected
commander by a unanimous vote, and the re
sult was received with great applause. Major
Green staled that, while thanking the battalion
for the honor they [conferred, he had come
to the armory with no expectation of
being a candidate, and, consequently, could
®lovccstcv w Jailg
VOL. 26, NO. 248.
not, at once, accept the unlooked-for
position; he would neither decline nor ac
cept, but would give his answer at the next
meeting. The night for holding the battalion
meetings was changed from Monday to Wednes
day, as the armory has been rented to the city
government on Monday and Tuesday evenings,
for the use of the City Guards and Light In
fantry. After the adjournment of the battalion
meeting, Company B was ordered into line, and
a communication was read from the committee
having in charge the arrangements for the exhi
bition drill, at Music hall, of the Montgomery
Guard, of Boston, inviting Company B toQdo
escort duty for the visitors. It is probable that
the invitation will be accepted.
Aid for Chicago and the Northwest.—
The additional subscriptions to the fund for the
sufferers by the great fires at Chicago and in the
northwest, are as follows
Citizens of Prince- Saunders v’leCong
ton, 216 50 church and so-
Employes of E C ciety, 74 29
Cleveland Co, 202 25 Worcester steam
Lincoln House, 187 boiler works
Tateum Horgan employes, 50
and employes, 158 25 E Saunders, Saun-
Employes of Rice, dersville, 50
barton Co, 137 Saunders’ cotton
Clarendon Harris, 100 mill, 50
EC Cleveland, 100 Employes of WH
Geo M Klee (addi- Jouriian, 31
tional), for the 8 M Kendall, 20
sufferers inMich Joseph Boyden, 20
igan, etc, 100 R B Henchman, 15
Th js Smith Co Employes, 12
and employes, 75 J C White, 10
Win S Lincoln, 25 Mrs M 8 F Dunn, lo
E W Wheeler, 10.
ash, $7; F E Fav, Win S Place, E B Babcock,
85 each cosh, 84; cash, Edward Maher, 33 each;
.Janies Brastow, A D Estabrook, John Milton, E F
Estabrook, Thos Hallows, Jas Readea. Thos Mc-
Mann, H S Jennison, Charles Moran, 82 each; a
little girl, Freddy B Harlow, cash, Tilton Marshall,
Oliver Arnold, Charles Hindle, A D Pratt. U W Ar
nold, A P <'unningham, Charles Connen, cash, 81
each; Frank Haskell 50 cents.
Amount previously reported $37,792 35
Subscriptions on Wednesday 1,704 79
Total amount subscribed at 7 pm, Oct 18.83.1,497 14
Chas. B. Whiting, Treasurer.
A meeting of the subscribers to the Chicago
fund was held at Washburn hall last evening,
Hon. P. Emory Aldrich presiding, and S. Salis
bury, Jr., acting as secretary. Joseph 11. Walk
er, Esq., stated the great sufferings and needs ol
the unfortunate people of Chicago and of the de
vastated portions of the states of Michigan, Min
nesota and Wisconsin. Joseph Mason, Esq.,
hoped the money above the $30,000 pledged to
the mayor of Chicago, would be given, in part,
at least, to the sufferers in other places in the
west. Messrs. P. L. Moen, Albert Tolman, and
Stephen Salisbury, also favored giving the execu
tive committee power to act in such manner, and
the following resolutions, offered by Mr. Moen,
were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, since the meeting of citizens in
half of hicago, details of great conflagrations in
Michigan. Wisconsin and Minnesota have reached
u.s, by which it appears that towns and settlements
have been destroyed, and their inhabitants reduced
to destitution; and,
Whereas, many of the’subscribers to the Chicago
aid fund, and others who propose to contribute,
have signified their desire that said fund be regard
ed as a general fund, from which appropriations
may be made for the relief of any of these stricken
places at the northwest,—
Resolved, that the committee o» forty-five be au
thorized ami requested to regard the fund collected
under their sup rvision as a general fund, for the re
lief of sufferers by any of these great conflagrations;
and that they be fully empowered to apportion and
disburse the same in’ such manner as in their judg
ment will best carry out the intentions and present
wishes of the donors.
Several of the large subscribers signified their
desire to have their own subscriptions devoted
in accordance with the abo/e resolutions.
The executive committee give notice that
clothing for the sufferers by the western fires,
including those in Michigan, Wisconsin and
Minnesota, would be thankfully received. Do
nations should be sent to the office of Strong
Rogers, coal dealers, 416 Main street.
The Cherry Valley Murder—Verdict of
the Jury—Michael Duuvry
Charged with the Crime.
The whole of yesterday was spent by Coroner
J. M. Rice in examining witnesses in the inves
tigation of the murder of John Stack, whose
body was found beside the road between Cherry
Valley and the reservoir, Tuesday morning. A
dozen or more witnesses were questioned, and
those testifying agreed on the main points, with
the exception of a small portion of the evidence
which came from the man to whom the circum
stances pointed as guilty, ami that given by
James Marden, who was evidently so drunk
during the first three days of the week that be
couldn't clearly distinguish Monday from lues
day in trying to account sos himself. The ex
amination was bekl at the police office.
The witnesses from whom the convincing evi
dence comes were ignorant fellow-laborers of
the suspected, and testified so nearly alike all
through that a reproduction of the evidence
would be more tedious than comprehensive.
The story of the whole affair, as gathered from
a dozen or more witnesses examined, may be
reduced to the following account, which seems
to be the only probable explanation:
It seems that the workmen on the reservoir
were paid off on Monday, and on the evening
ol that day five of them who boarded at the board
ing house near the works, viz: Michael Dunvey,
James Marden, John Whalan, Timothy Mat tin
and Daniel Singleton, went on a spree togeth
er to the village of Cherry Valley, and, as they
all agree, went to the house of Michael Bulger,
and drank lit er until ten or eleven o’clock, with
the exception of Singleton, who left the
party and went home at nine o'clock. Af
ter leaving Bulger’s, at ten or eleven o’clock,
the other four started round the village singing
and quart cling, and at about midnight Dunvey
went to John Nelan’s house, called him up,
and got a bo t tie of whiskey—a quart
which was turned into the party and kept
them going for a while longer. Marden got so
drunk that lie left the party and got to the
boarding house somehow —neither himself nor
any of the others teemed to know how. His
eyes were both blackened, and his general ap
pearance indicated that be had been fighting at
a recent date; but exactly when, where or with
whom is a question the answers to which were
of a most distracting and confusing nature; but
it was made tolerably clear that he was at home
thrashing about before the murder was com
mitted.
This left Michael Dunvey, John Whalen and
Timothy Martin together, and the next that is
definitely found of their whereabouts, by the tes
timony, they were at the cross-wads by Samuel
Hodges’ house, where they were joined by John
Stack, who had been loafing around the village
several days, drinking, as ment oned yesterday,
he having been discharged from the reservoir
works several months ago. Stack was about as
drunk as the rest of the party, and
had a bottle of whiskey with him. They
drank again all round and started up the road.
Whalen and Martin both say that Dunvcy and
Stack stopped and began disputing when they
were by the woods before coming to the top ol
the hill beyond Ilodges’|house, and they (Wha
len and Martin) went on and left them, suppos
ing that both were coming along home. This
was the last seen of them that night, and the
place where they were left disputing was near
where the dead body of Stack was found, ami
also near the bushes from which Michael Has
tings testifies to having seen Dunvcy emerge
Tuesday morning at half-past six o’clock, al the
time the body was discovered by him (Hastings).
Dunvey was drunk then, and went staggering
up the hill to the boarding house, with
his clothes and hands all bloody and
his overalls rolled up and under his
arm. He was seen by several of the witness
es who were going to their work as he went
along up the road, and all noticed the blood on
his hands and clothes. Daniel Singleton, with
whom Dunvey was in the habit of sleeping, saw
him In the brook crossing the road trying to
hide his overalls, just as he (Singleton) was get
ting up Tuesday morning; and when he passed
out of the boarding house to go to his work
Dunvey passed in, saying, “I’m here now, but
I’ll be in hell next week.” He was soon after
wards arrested by Constable Perley Holman,
and with all his bloody clothing, brought to this
city and locked up.
Dunvey’s testimony agrees with that of the
others who were with him up to the point where
Stack drank with them. He says Stack went
off he couldn’t tell in what direction—alter
“taking a sup at the bottle,” k and he saw noth
ing more; that he went up to the boardinghouse
and could not get in, as they were all asleep; so
he went back a short distance in the road
and lay down by the fence and slept till
morning. He accounted for the blood
on his clothing by saying that he
bled at the nose. This latter part of the testi
mony did not agree with what the others said.
The constable, who w as immediately notified on
the finding ol the body, testified that when he
reached it, at ten minutes before seven, Tuesday
morning, it was nut rigid, and some parts of it
were warm; the hands lay under the back, and
the clothing was pulled nearly all off. The wit
nesses ail recognized Dunvey.
The verdict of the jury, after hearing all the
evidence, set forth that John Stack came to his
death sometime between the hour of nine Mon
day night and seven Tuesday morning, in con
sequence of divers injuries received on the head,
chest and face, which injuries they believed
were inflicted by Michael Dunvey, while both
Dunvey and Stack were in an intoxicated condi
tion.
Michael Dunvey (or Domphey, as the wit
nesses pronounced it), the man upon whom the
suspicion rests, and who is charged with caus
ing the death of Stack, by the verdict of the
coroner’s jury, is an Irishman of medium stat
ure, with a hard look on his face; gray, wild
looking eyes, short bristly moustache, dark com
plexion, rough and ignorant. He says he came
to this country four years ago, from county
Waterford, Ireland, where he has a mother liv
ing; that he is about thirty years of age, and
never had a family or relatives in this country.
He has worked on the reservoir about four
months; previously worked in Bristol, R. I.
While the examination was going on, lie ap
peared to be as nervous ami uneasy as is possi
ble for a man of his mental calibre and blunted
sensibilities.
The ease will be heard in flic municipal court,
at which time the ground covered by the above
statement w ill all have to be gone over again at
length, and quite likely more witnesses will be
called than were summoned by the coioncr. The
witnesses mentioned are all retained under
bonds as accessories.
COUNTY NEWS.
An Athol clergyman was busy with a young
man of that town, the other day, packing and
nailing up boxes of goods for Chicago; and the
two became so engaged that the young man laid
oft’ his hat while he nailed the boxes, and the
minister packed it in with the rest. The ex
planation came after a long and fruitless search.
Firemen’s Muster in Grafton.—The fire
department in Grafton, consisting of Rescue
engine company No. 1, located in the centre of
the town, Benj. F. Gibson, foreman; Emperor
No. 2, located in New England village, Henry
E. Brooks, foreman, and Blackstone N 0.3, lo
cated in Farmersville, Simeon E. Cromb, fore
man, each with full ranks of forty men, held
their annual parade or muster in the centre of
the town on Saturday afternoon, Oct. 14th. The
order of exercise was as follows: Rescue com
pany No. 1 formed in front of the Town hall
at one o’clock, and accompanied by North
bridge centre brass band of twenty pieces, Em
ory Paine, leader, marched to the foot of the
hill towards New England village, where they
met Emperor company No. 2, with Shrewsbury
brass band of eighteen pieces, H. C. Read, lead
er. Returning, both companies marched
through the village to Bruce Hollow, where they
met Blackstone company No. 3, with Hopkin
ton brass band of seventeen pieces, T. O. Lucas,
leader. The three companies then marched
through the principal streets, and halted
near the reservoir on the common. A prize
of thirty dollars was offered for the company
that would, in the shortest time, run ten rods,
run off ami uncouple one hundred feet of lead
ing hose, and play a stream of fifty feet, fifteen
minutes being allowed to each company for trial,
they having the privilege of playing as many
times as they chose in the fifteen minutes. An
other prize of twenty dollars was offered for the
company that would, through 100 feet of hose,
throw a stream the greatest distance. Owing
to some misunderstanding, No. 3 did not enter
the contest for the prizes. No. 2, first trial on
time,sl seconds; second trial, 50 seconds; No.
1, first trial on time, 70 seconds; second trial,
67 seconds; No. 2, best distance made, 183 feet;
No. 1, best distance, 171 feel 10 inches. Both
prizes were therefore taken by No. 2. After the
trial the three companies repaired to the town
hall, where a collation had been prepared by the
engineers, George F. Jourdan, chief, of which
all partook, and at about 8 o'clock dispersed,
apparently well satisfied with the afternoon's
performances.
Coiigresatiotaal Coufereuce in SbrewM
bury.
The annual autumnal session of the Worces
ter central conference of Congregational
churches, began in Shrewsbury, yesterday, in
Rev. E. Porter Dyer’s church. There was a very
full attendance. Rev. Henry Cummings of Rut
land was chosen moderator, and Rev. A. H.
Coolidge of Leicester scribe. After half an
hour’s devotional exercises, the remainder of
the forenoon was given to addresses by Rev. C.
M. La in sun of Worcester, Rev. Henry Dutton
of Northboro, and Rev. Andrew Bigelow, D. D.,
of Boylston, on the subject, “How can the Sab
bath school be made a more effective instru
mentality for the conversion of the young.”
Rev. Mr. Lamson spoke of the mutual relation
between the chilren and the church, and of the
relative duties of the parents, teachers in the
Sabbath schools, and pastors, as to the
religious instruction of the young, say
ing they should be taught to make
the church their home, and to consider it in
the light of a family and home. Religious in
struction should be imparted as something nat
ural and congenial to the minds of little chil
dren, accompanied with agreeable associations,
and they should be brought up with the idea of
cheerfulness and loveliness as connected with
all religious duties, and not be taught to look
upon them as of a sombre and gloomy aspect.
Religion should be imparted to the young as
something child-like and natural and congenial
to their natures, and not as opposed to true en
joyment. The subject of conversion should be
spoken of in a familiar, cheerful, and joyful
manner, attractive to and comprehensible by
little children, of whom Christ said, “of such
is the kingdom of Heaven.” In such a way,
the work of Christianity should,bc wrought out
in the hearts of the young, rather than by allu
sion to ideas or doctrines comprehensible only
by adults. And instruction in the Sabbath
school should be supplemented by proper family
instruction at home.
Rev. Mr. Dutton spoke of the impropriety of
undertaking to make children comprehend doc
trines, saying the great lever of influence with
them was in reaching out to them the hand of
personal trust. With proper family aud Sab
bath school instruction, in this way, inefface
able impressions could be made upon the tender
minds and hearts of the young, not possible to
be made by intellectual apprehension at too
early a period. Rev. Dr. Bigelow spoke of the
duty of supplementing the lalmrs of Sabbath
school teachers by proper instruction at home.
The afiernoon was devoted to the exercises of
the 47th anniversary of the Auxiliary Foreign
Missionary society of Worcester central associa
tion. The following officers were chosen for the
year casing: President, Rev. Wm. A. Hough
ton of Berlin; vice presidents,Philip L. Moen
abd Rev. R. B. Stratton of Worcester; secre
tary, Rev. A. H. Coolidge of Leicester; treasur
er, Dea. E. H. Sanford of Worcester; auditor,
Charles Washburn of Worcester. The treasur
er’s report showed that the sum of $5,822.86
was contributed by the various churches of the
association during the last year to the American
board, of which this society is auxiliary.
After prayer by Rev. L. D. Mears of Sterling,
the chairman, Rev. Mr. Houghton, made his
opening address, giving a brief review of the
work of the society, with allusion to the vast
changes in the history of this country and of
the world, as well as in the field of missions,
during the last half century, especially. He
WORCESTER: THURSDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 19, IS7I.
closed with a most hopeful view of the prospects
of the future, as certain to follow the remarka
ble progress of the last ten or twenty years, in
the spread of the gospel in foreign lands.
Rev. Luther H. Gulick, a native of the Sand
wich islands (son of Rev. Peter J. Gulick, a na
tive of New Jersey, a Ilie-long missionary in the
.Sandwich islands, who has four or live sous,
missionaries in various parts of the world), was
then introduced, and made a very able address
in review of missionary operations since the or
ganization of the American board. He made
interesting allusion to various reminiscences
connected with his own labors within the last
twenty years, where his father and himself had
been so long stationed. He said there were now
in the Sandwich islands over 130 churches, all
built by themselves, and all self-supporting, and
more than that, they contributed large sums
annually for missionary purposes and the sup
port of churches iu the islands far out beyond,
where the light of the gospel was being sent
further and farther every year. He spoke of the
astonishing progress of Christian civilization
among the heathen in the Micronesian islands,
and beyond in Madagascar, Japan, China, &c.,
saying soon the whole world would be encir
cled. To show the remarkable progress of the
last twenty years, Mr. Gulick stated that when
he first came to this country, in 1851, by the
then traveled route, via Cape Horn, five months'
time was consumed from Hawaii, and seven
months from the Micronesian islands. When
he came here next, ten years ago, by wav of
Panama, it took two months from the Sand
wich islands; his last trip, just made, occupied
only ten days. Ami all this remarkable physi
cal progress was but typical of the astonishing
progress possible, if not already accomplished,
in the religious and moral world.
The venerable octogenarian, Rev. Geo. Allen,
of Worcester, nearly fifty years ago pastor in
that church, was next called upon, ami in most
feeling terms alluded to the times and circum
stances of sixty years ago, when he attended
the first anniversary of the American lioard at
Worcester, describing the men of marked char
acter who composed that body, and contrasting
those with the present, to show the astonishing
advance of Christian civilization in the world.
He also made allusion to the part taken by him
self and others in the formation of the auxiliary
society, forty-seven years ago, and of rhe influ
.ence of that organization upon the progress of
missionary enterprise. Mr. Allen’s allusion to
various interesting reminiscences and the promi
nent men of fifty and sixty ago engaged in this
great missionary work, and his estimate of their
character and the value cf their labors, were
listened to with great interest and attention.
Rev. H. T. Cheever of Worcester spoke of the
old man at Wailuku, Sandwich islands,a native,
who was the first mover in the enterprise of
making the churches there self-sustaining, twen
ty-seven years ago.
The session of the conference will be con
tinued to-day, closing with the administration
of the sacrament.
iLATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
ru THK WORCESTER DAILY
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, Oct. 18. —Collector Murphy’s
card denies the allegations of fraud, and covers
the statement of General Dix and 11. A. Hurl
burt. They do not alter the previous decision,
that no frauds were committed. The collector
states that he never gave a dollar to support
democrats for office; did not attend the Phila
delphia convention; his son never field an office
under Controller Connolly; that until July
Greeley was associate owner of stock in Tweed’s
tobacco manufactory; that Murray’s testimony
will not be admitted in any court that Olcott
is proven to have received two thousand dollars
for securing a cadet appointment, and that the
charges of both the latter are entirely false, lie
says he shall not refer to these things again.
The Tribune stales that the charges of fraud
against Murphy yet remain unrelated.
The examination of Mayor Hall before the
grand jury takes place Friday.
Judge Tracy, of the Tammany general com
mittee, declines longer service.
A number of old creditors of Tweed are about
prosecuting claims against him.
It is rumored that .Judge Ledwith, one of the
committee of seventy, sold to Tammany, his
price being the judgeship of the supreme court.
Charles O’Conor accepts the appointment as
associate counsel to the state attorney general,
in the prosecution of persons concerned in the
city and county frauds.
There were twenty-two offers of bonds to-day,
amounting to $6,240,000, from 110 8-100 to
111 50-100. The amount advertised to purchase,
two millions, will go at 110 8-100 to 110 45-100.
The Dauntless, selected as the competing
yacht with the Livonia, started at 11 o’clock.
The route is twenty miles to sea and back from
Sandy Hook. The wind is fresh and northwest.
At a meeting of the 13th ward Tammany asso
ciation, $l5O were subscribed for the purpose of
issuing circulars and posters in German and En
glish, notifying the depositors of the Bowery
savings bank that that institution donated S2OOO
to the committee of seventy, and that the same
bank donated S4OOO to the committee of 140,
which were watching the movements of the
committee of seventy. It is expected that this
action will result in a run on the Bowery savings
bank.
The coast wrecking company are endeavoring
to get the ship Wild Rover, of Boston, off the
shore at Jones inlet, near Freeport, L. 1. She
was bound from Fern to New York with saltpe
tre. She lays in eighteen feet of water at high
tide, and draws twenty-one feet. She went
went ashore by mistaking the light. She is
owned by Alpheus Hardy of Boston.
The committee of the chamber of commerce
announce that future contributions received by
them will be divided between the Chicago, Wis
consin and Michigan sufferers.
Chancellor Zabriskie ol New Jersey has dt
nied an injunction, thus sustaining the lease of
the Pennsylvania railroad, and the order re
straining the lease is vacated.
The steamship Cuba took $200,000 in specie
for Europe to-day.
Bank Examiner Callender telegraphs from
Chicago to-day: “Chicago banks sound; will
pay every dollar; let New York be generous.”
After the rendition of the verdict of thecoio
ner’sjury, yesterday, that Mrs. Sarah Ellis came
to her death by an explosion ol dangerous kero
sene oil, the coroner held Michael Co., the
wholesale dealers, and a grocery retailer, in
heavy bom Is to await the action of the grand
jury.
E. K. Rockwell, a fireman, recovered twelve
thousand dollars damages against the Third
Avenue railroad for injuries from a broken
track.
Twentv-four cooking stoves were yesterday
sent to Chicago by the workmen of the Peeks
kill stove works.
The congress of iron masters here elected Jas.
A. Burden, president, and adopted the decimal
system for selling iron.
It is stated that the steamer Middletown,
sister boat of the Westfield of the Staten Island
ferry, is running with boilers condemned by the
inspector.
Among the passengers by the steamship
Scotia, are Lady Lisgar, wife of the governor
general of Canada, Sydney Webster, G. W.
Childs, Rev. Drs. Morgan, Adams and Lucas.
The registration of voters in this city this year
shows a decrease of 35,000.
A meeting of Belgian citizens, to-night, insti
tuted measures for the immediate relief of their
suffering countrymen near Green Bay.
Health Officer Conachen reports that rags are
brought to this port in large quantities from in
fected ports, and recommends that the board of
health do not relax the strict letter of the law,
which requires fifty-three days quarantine.
Pay Inspector John 8. Cunningham, now on
duty at the Brooklyn navy yard, has been pro
moted to pay director.
The Presbyterian synod of New Yoik has se
lected Yonkers for the next annual meeting.
The clergymen this afternoon assisted at laying
the corner-stone of the new Memorial church,
corner Madison avenue and Fifty-Third street,
which has l cen erected from a fund raised by
the united Presbyterian church.
Dr. Schaff was to-night installed in the chair
of the Union theological seminary.
The value of the property seized in Brooklyn
yesterday, by the revenue officers, was only
$11,288. Scott’s rectifying establishment has
been released, investigation proving that every
thing there was legal.
It has been arranged that the military escort
of the Gland Duke Alexis, upon bis arrival in
this city, shall consist of the first division of in
fantry, an infantry brigade from Brooklyn, and
a brigade from Jersey City. The seventh regi
ment will probably form the guard of honor.
Leaving the battery, the cortege will proceed up
Broadway to the Clarendon hotel, where the
duke will review the military from the balcony
of the hotel.
From returns on file, it is shown that 50,000
immigrants arrived at this port during the
months of July and August.
The yacht race to-day, twenty miles to lee
ward from the lightship and return, resulted in
another triumph for the Columbia over the Li
vonia, which was beaten about a quarter of a
mile.
The Weather.
Washington, Oct. 18, 7p. m.—A falling ba
rometer, with increasing southerly winds, is
probable for Thursday in the northwest, and*
on the upper lakes; stationary and rising ba
rometer, with clear, pleasant weather, from the
Ohio valley to the gulf aud south Atlantieu'oast,
and partially cloudy weather, with westerly
winds, in New England.
M iss Carrie Munroe, known as the “Boston fat
girl,” died on board the steamship Voigo, on
the passage from New York to Savannah, and
was buried at sea. At the time ol her death she
was on her way to exhibit at several Georgia
fairs,
FIRE RECORD.
The Chicago Conflagration.
Mlill 41 ore Nigu* of Kciivwral o( Kuni
nrim—Further MlnteiiirniM in Kegurd io
I.ommcm mid In i*ii i'Mnee The Work of
Charity, etc.
THE TIMES.
Chicago, Oct. 18.—The Times made a reap
pearance this morning. It deprecates the at
tempt of interested parties to take business be
low Twelfth street, in the south division.
LEGISLATIVE ACTION.
The lower house of the legislature, at Spring
field, yesterday, passed a bill to refund to Chi
cago the amount paid for deepening the Illi
nois and Michigan canal, about three millions,
and providing that the sum be expended in re
building bridges and public edifices.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Every day brings fresh occasion for encour
agement. The city is orderly. Relief for the
poor comes in abundantly. Business is resum
ing and rebuilding is going ou in every direction.
A much more healthv feeling prevails than the
most sanguine could have anticipated. Reports
from all the banks are substantially the same as
yesterday. Very little money is called lor,
while it is deposited quite largely.
The business of the boards of trade is fairly
resumed. Receipts and shipments of grain are
very heavy.
A survey ol the Tribune building was made to
day. The architects report that the walls and
most of the floors arc good, and that the build
ing can be repaired for $50,000. The original
cost was $210,000.
IjOmm'm nud iinii rance.
IN GENERAL.
The Albany Commerce insurance company
has increased its capi'al SIOO,OOO, and resolved
to continue business. This will give the com
pany a very hamlsome surplus.
The Atlantic fire insurance company of Brook
lyn has suspended business, in consequence of
the Chicago losses. Its liabilities aggregate
$500,000; assets, $575,000. The directors pro
fess confidence that they will be able to resume
business in a few weeks.
The insurance companies that are solvent arc
paying their losses, without requiring policy
holders to go through the usual formalities of
adjustment.
i.’he American Central company of St. Louis
has began paying.
The executive board of the Republic insurance
company of Chicago have resolved to wind up.
The losses aggregate $3,600,000, ami the cash as
sets $900,000. The company will pay twenty
five per cent, on demand.
The Chicago Times figures the total loss at
$150,000,000.
The M orld’s Charity.
STATE AID.
St. Lovis, Oct. 18.—The lower house of the
Illinois legislature yesterday passed a bill for
the relief of Chicago, which provides for the is
sue of ten years’ six per cent bonds for the
amount of the principal and interest extended
to her on the Illinois and Michigan canal. Near
ly three millions of the bonds are to be deliv
ered before November 15, and not less than one
fifth nor more than one-third of the proceeds of
the bonds are to be used in rebuilding the pub
lic works of Chicago, and the remainder to sup
port the police and fire departments.
the old would.
London, Oct. 18 —The subscriptions at the
Mansion house to the Chicago fund to last night,
amounted to £24.500. The lord mayor has re
ceived the thanks of the mayor of Chicago. Ad
ditional subscriptions of considerable amounts
have been received from Southampton, Dundee
and Nottingham.
Paris, Oct. 18.—Mr. Washburn, the Ameri
can minister, has received a telegram from the
mayor of Chicago acknowledging the Paris
subscriptions, and expressing thanks.
Paris, Oct. 18.—Lalsmlaye, appointed chair
man of the Chicago relief committee formed by
citizens of France, has issued an address, call
ing for contributions, and saying that although
France is poor, she desires to show her grati
tude and make some practical return ol the fra
ternal sympathy shown her in her misfortunes
by the people of the United States.
Berlin, Oct, 18.—Prince Frederick William
and Princess Victoria, recognizing the cordial
sympathy shown in America for the German
soldiers during the late war, unite in a contri
bution of 500 thalers for the relief of the victims
of the Chicago calamity.
miscellaneous.
Total for Baltimore to date, $197,000.
A number of small contributions are reported
in various parts of New York state
The Masonic grand lodge of Kentucky has
given SIOOO to Chicago sufferers. I’he governor
has called for general contributions.
Warner, N. IL, has sent $lO6 to Chicago.
The Pennsylvania state council of the united
order of American mechanics has sent SIOOO to
the Chicago relief.
The collection of the E street Congregational
church, Boston, last Sabbath for the Chicago
sufferers was $123 28.
Haverhill has contributed $14,000 in money
L»r Chicago and SSOO each lor Wisconsin and
Michigan, and a large quantity ol clothing.
The Swampscott Machine Co.’s workmen of
South Newmarket, H. H., have donated one
day’s wages to the Chicago, amounting to about
S6OO.
The contribution of the shoe and leather trade
in Boston up to noon yesterday amounted to
$32,063.80.
At Salt Lake, a benefit at the theatre for Chi
cago netted $617.
The New York chamber of commerce relief
committee appropriated $15,000 lor the relief us
Chicago refugees in New York city
Two thousand pounds sterling, the contribu
tion of Sheffield, England, was paid over to the
committee, yesterday.
Other Fires.
The Couflagratiuua in the Voitlnvci
Help foi- the BiillererM, etc.
Cincinnati’s generosity.
Cincinnati, Oct. is.—A public meeting has
appointed a committee to solicit subscriptions
lor the sufferers in Michigan and Wisconsin,
and requested the city council to appropriate
SIO,OOO. The chamber of commerce gives SIOOO
and the police force S9OO.
THE BURNED DISTRICT.
Milwaukee, Oct. 18.—The re ief committee
lor northern Missouri has decided that two men
in every county devastated by tire, shall ascer
tain the exact amount and kind of supplies
needed during the coming winter and spring,'
which supplies will be sent.
THE FLAMES STOPPED.
The recent rain stopped the conflagration.
Sporting Affairs.
THE TURF.
New Haven, Ct., Oct. 18.—The races to-day
were well attended. First—for horses that hud
never beaten 2:80; seven entries; four trotted;
race won by Allen’s s gos New London. Time
2:35}, 2:85} and 2:35; Belle of Toronto, owned
by G. P. Carpenter of Hartlord, second, Belle of
Watertown, third.
Second race—horses that have never beaten
2:88; Coroner won in three straight heats, in
2:42}, 2:41 and 2:48; Nameless second, Jennie
Martin third.
For running horses—Jeril won the first, in
1:55; Bevan, second, in 1:58; Jeril ruled out in
the second heat; Bevan third in 1:58, taking
the stakes.
BASE BALL.
Philadelphia, Oct. 18—Deciding game of
the series—Mutuals, seven; Athletics, twenty
one.
PROSPECT PARK.
New York, Oct. 18—Trotting at Prospect
park to-day; purse of S2OO, for horses that have
never beaten 2:26: Won by Sea Foam, beating
Susie, Harry Harley and Charles E. Loew.
Time, 2:80,2:26}, 2:28 ami 2:29L
Enigma won the purse f0r2:39 horses, in 2:34,
2:85} an<l2:33L
Fatal Accidents.
DROWNED IN A MINERAL WATER VAT.
Cincinnati, Oct. 18.—The body of Henry
Stcnigriber, proprietor of a mineral water fac
tory, was found in one of the mineral water vats
yesterday morning. Quite a quantity of the
water from the vat had been buttled and sold
before the body was discovered.
THE MARINERS' DEATH.
Kincardine:, Canada, Oct. 18. BarqueTwi
light, laden with lumber, drifted ashore near
here, last night. AH hands were supposed to
have perished.
PROBABLY DROWNED.
Detroit, Mich., Oct. 18.—Passenger steam
er R. G. Colburn, of Wood’s National Lake Su
perior line, foundered in Saginaw Bay last Sun
day. Seven of the crew and three of the pas
sengers are known tube saved. Two boats,
with the the officers and the balance of the
crew, are missing.
A Cincinnati dispatch says: Public anxiety
regarding the prospect of a coal famine in this
city is increasing. Coal which sold latch* at $3
per ton is now selling at SB. It is said tiiere are
only 500,000 bushels in the city, ihe average
daily consumption is 100,000 bushels, so that at
present there is only a sufficient supply for five
days. It is impossible to procure auv bv the
river on account of low water, and the railroads
will have to be brought into requisition to avert
the threatened famine.
New England Dispatches.
44riiii«i Hiiilroud t’ch'brutiou in VIutlMS
MASSACHI SETTS.
Boston, Oct 18 —Schooner E. A. Horton ar
rived at Gloucester this evening, and a grand
reception was given her crew by citizens of the
town.
Boston, Oct. IS. —At Medfield, Sunday, Miss
Mary Robinson, aged sixty-five, temporarily de
ranged, committed suicide.
Nilsson had another great triumph to-night,
at the Boston, which was crowded to repletion.
Inspired by so vast an assemblage, Nillson ex
celled all previous efforts in this city, and cre
ated an enthusiasm unexampled. Receipts,
SB3OO.
Springfield, Oct. 18 —Rev. Charles J. Hins
dale, fur twenty-five years pastor of the Bland
ford Congregational church, was thrown from
his carriagei in that town, yesterday, and in
stantly killed.
MAINE.
Bangor, Oct. 18.—At an early hour this
morning, every avenue leading to the city was
tilled with vehicles of every description, loaded
to their utmost capacity with living freight,
bent upon the double errand of seeing the presi
dent and other distinguished g mtlemen of the
I nited States, as well as several from the Do
minion of Canada, who accompanied him, and
witness the demonstrations upon I he completion
of the great enterprise which unites the ex
treme eastern and western shores of the conti
nent.
Ihe holiday decorations have been greatly
augmented to-day, so that from one end of the
city to the other flags of the two nations, tri
umphal arches, bunting and streamers were ar
rangtd. Promptly at ten o’clock, the proces
sion formed and started from the Bangor house,
marching to the Broadway mall, where the chil
dren of the public schools were assembled. The
scholars sang Keller’s American Hymn, altered
ami adapted to the occasion.
The procession moved on through the princi
pal streets back to the Bangor house. Along the
whole route of procession, it was one continued
ovation, cheer upon cheer going up from Ihe
assembled thousands. The procession was com
posed of the entire military of the state, the fire
department of this city, with companies from
abroad: and seven hundred stalwart lumber
men, from the mills <m the river, presented a
line appearance. A’oout one o’clock, the presi
dent and party, with Governor General Lisgar,
ol the Dominion, and Lieutenant Governor Wil
mot of New Brunswick, and suites, were taken
to Norombega hall, where the city had provided
a collation, to which all the distinguished vis
itors from abroad, with citizens of this citv to
the. number ol seven hundred in all, had been
invited.
The hall was elegantly trimmed with hunt
ing, and the flags ol all nations. Mavor Dale
welcomed the guests, and proposed the health
ol the president, which was received with three
times three. President Grant congratulated the
assembly upon the complet on of the road,
which so much interested Bangor in particular
and the nation at large. He hoped it would
prove all that was expected, and result in the
building up of a brotherly feeling between the
two people of the same blood, and that they
would be united by ties of the most cordial
friendship. The president seated himself amid
the heartiest cheers.
The governor of Canada responded to a toast
and was received with three old fashioned cheers.
Lord Lisgar hoped that they would believe that
he was exceedingly gratified to be received as
representative of Canada. He congratulated
them upon the success of this enterprise, which
is to unite two countries,and he had been richly
rewarded for accepting the invitation by a sight
of the beautiful country through which he had
passed, and the cordial welcome he had received.
He had often heard that bitterness existed in this
country toward Great Britain, and especially in
New England (cries cf “No!” “No!”), but since
what he had witnessed during the past few days,
he thought this statement ought to be received
with qualifications. I’here ought to be a union
of hearts, and when he saw the union jack
floating side by side with the starry flag, he
felt that the bitterness was not wholly unrecon
cilable.
He alluded to the treaty of Washington
(cheers), hoping that old animosities were for
ever buried out of sight. The treaty had been
severely criticised, but for England he would say
that there was not a statesman in the land but
would be proud to have his name enrolled upon
it. Ihe honor of completing this treaty had, in
this country, fallen upon President Grant
(cheers), ami, so long as reason says:
“Peace has her triumphs as well as war,”
This will be mentioned to his honor; an
equal honor rests upon Mr. Gladstone ami his
colleagues for this, as well as their treatment of
Ireland. At the close of his speech, three cheers
were given for the queen of England.
Gov. Perham welcomed to Maine the guests
Irom other states and the British Provinces, on
an occasion which not only celebrated the union
ol the two countries, but a change of the great
highway of nations.|He spoke of the state, ami
promised to show I hem a water power unequalled,
3000 miles of sea coast, harbor sufficient to shel
ter the navies of all nations, and, back here Iwo
hundred miles, more good farming land than
could be found anywhere this side of the prair
ies.
Senator Hamlin then proposed the health of
Lieut, Gov. Wilmot of New Brunswick, who
was received with cheers. He spoke of the sat
isfaction ol the occasion, and the noble welcome,
rweniy-one years ago, he had, in Portland,
proclaimed the banns of marriage between
Mame and New Brunswick, and not a
voice was raied against it. Tweutv-oue
years was a long courtship, and there
had hern a deal of pouting on both sides.
(Laughter.) On that occasion he had said:
“Perish the hand that should ever be lifted to
d.sui.y the Union.” (Cheers.) That hand had
been lilted, and if had been put down. (Cheers.)
And when he looked at the old flag, its stars
shone brighter; he could see no stain now, and,
beside Ins own, both seemed to say:
“Slaves touch our folds and are forever free.”
Seerctary Belknap responded for the army, al
luding to the sending of army supplies to the
rclivl ol Chicago.
Hon. John A. Peters introduced Hon. Wm. 11
Md’rillis, the president of the old projected
Aroostook railroad, who paid tribute to the late
John A. Poor, the projector of this European
and North American road.
Secretary Robeson responded for the naw,
in an eloquent speech, in which he said the na-
V illustiated, in its daily history, how peace
has her victory no less than war, lor the power
and glory of its name, which seemed to culmi
nate at New Orleans, Mobile, mid Fort Fisher
was seen to Maze as surely in tliut Asiatic
night, when dlmms would not leave his sink
ine: ship; or on tire lone island of lire Pacific, when
1 albot died rather than leave his shipwrecked
comrades. The governor general had said that
the common action of the two governments had
established a principle which would make
war impossible. Every day was Bringing na
tions nearer together, by bringing all men nearer
the standard of justice and right. Every year
the world’s prog.ess brought us nearer and
nearer to those gates of mingled pearls and gold
which were wailing to swing, upon silent hinges,
into the millennial age of freedom, justice and
peace. (Enthusiastic cheers). These two na
tions, united, can stand against a world in
arms.
Dr. Tupper, president of the privy council of
the Dominion, made an earnest speech.
A message of congratulation was received
from the board of trade of St. John, ami re
sponded to with cheers.
Speaker Blaine then spoke, congratulatin'?
those present at this wedding of the two coun
tries, but expressing envy for those who should
witness the celebration of its silver and golden
anniversaries. He prophesied future greatness
lor Langorand Sf. John, and that they would
outrival Hamburg and Bremen, which cities
they resembled in situation.
Hun. Joseph Howe, of Nova Scotia, made a
speech ol congratulation, followed by
luce, president of the Northern Paciflc railioad,
and president ol the Maine Central road, and
the speeches were close.! by Mr. S, N. Stock
well, ot the Boston Journal, who ably replied
lor “the press.” r
Alter the exercises at the hall, the president
was driven to Centre park, where the assembled
multitude had an opportunity to see him, after
which he was taken to his rooms at the Ban
gor house.
During the exercises at the hall, the crowds
ol people in the city divided their attention be
tween a regatta upon the river and a contest Ijc
tween tire engines.
At half-past four, the military were reviewed
in Davenport square, by Gov. Perbum and staff.
In (lie evening there was a genetal illumination
throughout thecity, which was a most brilliant
display. A private party to the president,
given by Mayor Dale, wound up the festivities
ol the day.
Criminal Record.
ASSAULT AND HIGHWAY ROBBERY,
Oswego N'. Oct. 18.—Paymaster Ward,
ol the Sterling iron works, was assaulted bv a
highwayman, last night, live miles from ‘the
city, and robbed of $2700.
HEAVY ROBBERY.
Harrisburg,Oct. 18.—Contractor Rice, from
rSI’ 011 s ay 10 St M “O S, was robbeil
of 516,000 111 tliiscity. Pepper was thrown in
ms eyes, and a satchel containing the mouev
taken fiom him.
THE KENTUCKY TRAGEDY.
Louisville, Ky., Oct. 18 —Further accounts
ot the killing of Abiel Gridley, at Warsaw, Ky.,
say that Gridley was a man of some propertv,
but much teared. His depredations on the
neighbors became so intolerable that they band
ed against him and caught him. There were
several vases of robbciy against him in court
aud he threatened the lives of the witnesses
finally killing Joseph Worth. The partv who
attacked the jail numbered seventv-five or one
hundred men from the country. They biwkxiuiy
PRICE 4 ENTS.
jail, but were unable to break into Gridlev’s
cage,and shot at him eight times through the
bars. His wife and infant child were with him
at the time. He cursed and defied his murder
ers to the last. The town was picketed and no
body aUowed to interfere.
FROM EUROPE.
Friiner*
THE TREATY WITH GERMANY.
Paris, Oct. 18.—The final ratification by
France of the treaty with Germany has lieen
dispatched to Berlin. By the terms of the treaty,
the six departments to be evacuated by the Ger
mans are declared neutral territory, in a milita
ry point, until the stipulated payment of the in
demnity is completed. During that time, the
departments will not be occupied by French
troops, and, should France not fulfill her finan
cial obligations, they may be occupied by the
Germans.
Urcat Britain.
NOT IMPORTANT, IF TRUE.
London, 18.—h is reported that Home,
the spiritualist, is about to marry the daughter
ot a Russian councillor.
Ireland.
THE POLICE OF DUBLIN.
Dublin, Oct. 18. —Prosecutions against the
policemen of the city for exceeding their author
ity continue to be pressed.
Urrmauy.
RIOT.
Frankfort, Oct. 18. —The lalior troubles in
Mayenee resulted in a riot to day, the troops
were called out, the mob dispersed, ami quiet
restored.
Mpaiu.
ANOTHER MANIFESTO.
Madrid, Oct. 18. —The manifesto recently
issued by the followers of Senor Sagosta called
forth a counter declan.tion by the adherents of
Senor Zorilla. They advocate the maintenance
of order, strict enforcement of the law, consoli
dation of the power of the nation and the sup
port of the Savoy dynasty. The manifesto is
signed by 141 progressists.
Ilollimd.
OUTBREAK AT THE HAGUE.
London, Oct. 18—Advices from The Hague
report that thereis serious dissatisfaction toward
the government, which has broken out in riot
ous proceedings ou Ilie part of the people. Last
night the mob assembled in front of the resi
dence of the minister of the colonies, and stoned
the house, breaking windows and doing slight
damage. Troops have been quartered in the
city to suppress further disturbance.
From Washington.
NEWS FROM THE NORTHWEST.
Washington, Oct. 18.—Judge Brown, fifth
auditor of the treasury, has returned from a
4isit to Wisconsin. He savs the published re
ports of the wide-spread destitution and suft’er
mg is not exaggerated; indeed, no accounts can
give an adequate idea of the frightful extent of
the calamity. The loss to the|lumluring inter
est is immense, but not irreparable, as the tine
forests are still generally standing, though
stripped of the lighter branches and foliage.
CIVIL SERVICE.
The civil service commissioners to-dav en
gaged in a discussion of the general system of
examination preparatory to appointment.
REDUCTION OF FORCE.
It appears that the number of revenue officers
in the country is reduced to 4,260, against 5 850
in December, 1865.
FINANCIAL.
Balances in the treasury at the dose of busi
ness today.
oin $94,786,200
Currency 6,05;-,,130
Coin Certificates 15,443,900
government buildings.
Nearly all the heads of departments, in their
annual reports, will call the attention ot con
gress to the necessity of providing for the erec
tion of an increased number of buildings neces
sary for the business of the government. There
is not a department but what is compelled to
send several of their branches to outside quar
ters, which are dilHcult to liml suitable for the
purpose of government use. There is consider
able excitement among the pension clerks who
have, or will shortly, quarter in the old Seaton
house, on account of the reported insecure con
dition ol the building. There are but few build,
mgs in Washington tlmt are fit for government
use or tlmt can stand several hundred tons of
weight in tiie shape of records, as well as accom
modates hundreds of clerks. The amount of
money paid in the course of two years for (lie
rent of these unsuitable huildiiigs would be
sufficient to erect magnificent public edifices.
TItEAHURV ORDER.
The secretary of the treasury Ims found it
necessary to issue instructions its to rhe maimer
of drawing Uuited States disbursing officer-’
cheeks, mid requires that hereafter all disburs
ing officers or agents of the United States draw
ing checks or moneys deposited to their official
credit with the treasurer of the United States
any of the assistant treasurers, and United’
States depositories, in favor of themselves or
bearer, or in favor of any person other than a
public creditor, must state on the face or back
ol the check the object or purpose to which the
avails are to be applied. If this rule had been
eulorced long ago such eases as tlmt of Ilod'm
could not have occurred, nor would it have been
possible for Gen. Bullock to have converted
money into bonds, and thus make liimself liable
to the suspicion of an attempt to defraud the
government.
A bbi-< Vi»led DiapatcheN.
'A pronumiamento attempted in Mexico on
the Ist nist. was promptly suppressed.
I here have been several important demonstra
tions in Corsica by the partizans ol the late em
peror.
Gen. Sheridan has been authorized to afford
all the relief in his power to the Michigan and
u isconsm sufferers.
Over 50,000 sheep have been scattered and
lost in the mountains near Fort Tijon, Cal., by
sand storms. 7
Advices from St. Petersburg render it prole
able that Count Alexis Orloff will be scut to
Versailles as ambassador of Russia.
rhe evacuation ot the six departments of
trance by the Prussians, stipulated in the re
cent treaty, will be completed by the 27th ol De
cember.
1 he household goods and other personal prop
erty of Col. Hodge, the defaulting paymaster,
arc to be sold at auction on account of the gov
ernment. Immediately alter his arrest Hodge
conveyed all these goods to the secretary of the
treasury.
Mr. Charles Durban of Zanesville, shot
himself while watching at the bedside of bis dy
ing wife, Tuesday night. She died shortly af
terward. 'lhe parties had been married less
than a year,
PAMMT office BUSIHBBS—Ameri
gj
Tiro®. Iff DODGE.
(tormerJy Principal Examiner and Chairman ofith«
8. Patent Office,) Counsellor at
Law and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office Dodged
B S’ eorner pßrk Bud Portlaud sis. Worcester Mm£
—J 1 _ d&wtf
QLIVER’S
STOVE STORE,
MAIN STREET xo. 270
j»y24 du
OHA S V PUTN AM
No. 143 Main St.,
has constantly on hand and for .-.ale:
B. Walnut Chamber Sets, with Marbles.
Parlor Suites.
Chestnut Extension Tables
Marble-Top Centre Tables.
Also, a very full assortment of Painted and Grained
urnkure—cheap as the cheapest. A great variety of
<IIIK I>ICEX’N CARRIAOES.
and a full stock of Stone Chinn, and Crockery of Janies
Edwards and other celebrated manufacturers
Gentlemen's Furnishing
Goods; Clocks. Jewelry, and other fancy articles.
CHARLES V. PUTNAM.
_4tf
Pf BN K Y A ‘bow MA N
UPHOLSTERER.
PARLOR SUITES
of all styles and all kinds of UphoM, ry W«rk made to
order.
Repairing done at short notice.
Ky—Car pets cm, made and put d*»wn.
SPONGE! SPONGE! SPONGE!
Cheaper and more durable than Hair or Feathers, for
Mattrasses, Pillows or Cushions.
H. A. BOWMAN,
141 Foster St Opp. Hunton Depot.
ol dtl
ELC 11 GK 1 KF 1 T H S
CELEBRATED
CIR 4 ILAK »AWB, I CJ A .1
IIAM) NAWN, nA WS
wool* HAWM,
CKOMH-C LT SA WS, I ui all descriptions,
Are Superior to ull Other*.
Every SAW Warranted.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
For sale by Hardware and Country Dealers, and
the Mauutacturers,
WELCH GRIFFITHS,
d&Wlm 145 di 14? Federal SC., Hostoß
Al> VERTDH.\a R ATIM.
Is Daily Mpt—For the “Square* often Unes soil
agate type, 1 time 75 eta.; each subsequent Insertion 50
cts.; 1 week |2 7’>; z wetkaflOO; 1 month fu.Mi; 1 jear
and the same rate proportionally for any niunhcr o
squares. Two Unes for on* week |1.00; three line $1.25;
four lines $1.37; five llnessi.sO. Local notices 25 cents
per line tor each Insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notice-. resolution-, Ac., 16 cents per line
Legal Silvertiscnients $1 ou per square tor Aral inser
tion; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special positions; in the paper, and special st yles of
display, will l»e charged extra rates uti and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole sp.u-c occupied.
IN WekklY Spy—First Insertion per square;
each subsequent insertionM cents; 3 months s.aio o ne
year $25.00.
ATTENTION!
Bi. lA»htliill
WILL SK AT TIIK
IHI s r ITE HOI SE,
ON
Thursday, Friday Saturday,
OCT. ll>, <O nud 31,
where lie can lie consulted on all of the
EYE, EAR. NOSE, THROAT AND CHEST.
UoiHiiltation free. old
A hl RE I RK!
Jc >1 INSTON’S
IHieiiiinitic
Uoiii|mhiihl
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WARRANTED No CUKE, No PAY
See testimonials in Evening Gazette.
AGBNCV WITH
MHI IN A. BAR REV,
Apol heca rv,
IX BAY STATE lIOI'SE.
dif
set.
r|V<» LET -An Upper Tenement of 7or 8
rooms; hard in>l soil waler. Apply at X<< |5
Spruce st. d.n* nlß
rjflO LRT A Lower Tenement of six rooms,
or ot Hollywood and King-burv sis. Barn room
Jwire.l. e. A FRANKL N.
oIS w
WO LET -A newly finished Tamer Tene
incut, oi dor 7 room-, at No, 5 Silver-t. Iniiiireai
the house before 7X o’clock a or after 6 r. n
ntl M. I' kRNES
fjRO LEI A pleasant Tenement of six
rooms, with the privilege ot hail Ihe garden. Apply
at the corner ot Prescott ami Lexington st-.
dlw MRS. DAVIS.
RENT—A pond lower Tenement of 7
A rooms, on Benefll Uoui t. IB nt $.5 per nn.nl h.
AI-O, u e Lower Tenement, with all modern imi rnve
nmnls; barn. Ac., situated on Woo<tt;m<l st. \mlvto
K. 11l BEARD, Room 4 Bogers’ Block, em. Main and
Pleasant sts. dtf <47
fllO LET—An Upper Tenement of sor 7
rooms. Apply at No -.'6 Jackson st.
on
A.Lower Tenement of 4 moms,
ill a new house on Pink st. Apph at No 14 I ink
dlw* «is
VOR S ALE OR TO LET-In the centre of
Boyiston, a Store ami Teneuient connected, of seven
rooms, goo<l barn and one acre of land. For referem-e
immiieof HORACE KENDALL, or JOHN WDRI \V<
near the premises. JoHN ANIMIFoVs
Boyiston Oct. 16. IKII. dtf
FINE LOT OF
Pianofortes and Organs
TO RENT!
AT VERY LOW PRICES.
444 MAIN ST.
RICHARDS, METCALF CO.,
06 NPT UCO<'K.
r p<> LET Nice New Tenement of 7 rooms.
J'o 2 Larch st, near Merrick st. du
R Four very desirable rooms on
the third rloor of house No. 6 William st. Ring the
lower bell. us
LET a suit of rooms over the Foe
ent Savings Bank. Inquire of
l 0 -in C. HARBI See’j
TO LET Up one flight,
m Room 4, Ist National Bank Builiting. Inquire u
I -t National Fire in» Co’s office. du j
HPO LET Two Tenements on Providence
si. -Olio ol lour rooms, one of three rooms, to kmer
lean lumilies. Inquire between ti and 7pm
.W. F. POND,
'ln 11 Pr..vi.lenee i.
FIKST-ULASS LOW Elt TEN EMENT
r l( 1 l-Wl’ Humus for light nmuufuetuiing
-S- purposes, up one tlighl. Inquire al
lr WOIU E<IER SKIRT «o,
_““1 5 -i tialn M
LET -In the Block corner of Mam and
1 leasant sts..<.a the third llu<-i, a room JI x ’.o.
Ais... to let, In the New Block oppo-ite th<- oHimun
two rooms on the second floor, suitable for otii. e ~ne
L x JO, and one 20 x 25. c TkYiOl’
JW <llf
LET—Front Room, No. 535 Main st.,
i i‘'Y i •h ll-I now third for.
amt lias been occupied as a tatlnr s shop the past live
years, t enant can purchase fixtures If desin d. or would
let tor other business. Apply to W. H |>LX rn; I>r ,j
IL BANCROFT, No. H Ist National Bank Building.
dll
Flit) LET— A large room. 2d floor, 582 Maifi
17T of C. K. HI BBARD, No 1 Rogers’
Block. Main st. dtf siq
LET—At South End,near Horse EL H.,
a new and desirable Cottage House, o rooms. Pos
session given immediately Apply to
ABBOTT .t RICE. 1 Central Exchange.
89 dtf Real Estate Brokers.
LET—A large front room on second
fluor, in Spy Block. Apply to
RICHAKDS, ME I CALF CO
444 Main st.
JJOOMS TO RENT—
Also, STORAGE.
dtf F. >l. STCM K WELL.
—Suita of Rooms, or Sing to
o p!’ o B uffieea. Also, Desk Rooms, and ru«cu
suitable tor lodging.
dtf GOODNOW T AY LOK
REN I 'l'll.* store No. 17 on Mechanic
-Ue. t. now occupied by the st. Louis Flour C...
1 his Store Is admirably adapted lor the graiu, iron, or
other heavy business. Inquire of
GEO. CROMPTON,
l, h <HI Crompton Work'. Gre.-n t.
RENT Twolflrst-ciasstenements, with
I imid. iii improvement', n Woodland si.; also, one
good lower tenement on Benefit Court. Applv to
C. K. HUBBARD,
s dtf (.'or. Main and Pleasant sts.
RENT -To a small family, <>nc Upper
Tenemcntof Srooms, comer of ILirrisou and H ake
s;s. pply on premise.*, oi ol JAs. M ELAN El Y, office
No. 6 Worcester Bank Block, Fostersl. dtf oti
HRO LET -One tenement of seven rooms,
fl dtf
TO LET—In Crompton’s Block, Mechanic
st., rooms of various size* on second, third and fourth
floors, tillable for offices, manufacturing purposes and so
cioty rooms. This new and elegant block is cent a I lo
cated within a few rods of Main st. and the Depots it is
In the business centre ot the city, and is fitted up w ith all
the modern improvements, making it one of the most
desirable locations tor business in Worcester. For terms
and turther particulars, inquire «f rci
«EO. CROMPTON.
•7.. _ ‘I 1 rompion Loom Works Green st.
FACTORY FOB SALE OR TO REN I
~1 "o 1 iu jd fleam power; situated on the line
oithe I rovhlcnce Railroad, in the citv <>i Worcester
Apply to Washburn A Moen Mfg t o.
dtf
TO 1. BT AT LOW RrN I i
ROOMS TO LET
IS I.IX«'UU Hill-SB BLOCK.
hunting on Alain st.. Single or en suite. -unable for
oinces or Lodging Rooms. Apply on the premises or at
our New Store, Taylor's Granite Building.
du joh.\ D. tii’i.i. 11:.
RENT A convenient tenement of 6
rooms, all on one floor, in the new house corner of
Harrison and Coral sts. dtf au il
Fill) LET—Four tenements on Davis st.; two
JL of them in the new house. No. IS.nou ready and
two at No. 3, which will be ready Sept. 1. Apply io M is.
K. D. Warn EK. Iyl »a vis BL dlt anil
TO LET—The large lower tenement ot nine
rooms, with stable, at the coiner of Edward and
Belmont sts. Apply to WM. ALLYN, at the corner of
East and Farwell sts. dtj
rpo RENT—Suit of Front Rooms in 2d
JL story Goulding’s Granite Block, suitable tor Milli
nery or other bu-iness purposes. Apph to
,u W. it GOULDING
dining
MAST*EET.
Meals at all hums, at Krovckp Brices. Home-made
Dread, Pastrv. Ac tor sale. A discount tu legmar
boarders. Open Sundays from Bto 9S a m., 4tu 5S r m.
KJT C. F. MARSH A t o
VIQ U2w*