BATES OF ADVERTISING.
0e square, (6 tine! or le!,l one insertion, sl, and
for every jubeequent insertion, 25 cents per sqaare.
3 nos. Amos 12mos.
One square 2 00 4-H> J
Six 8.00.•••••. 12.0*#.a#*. 20 00
Quarter column W OO 15 00 25 00
Half column 15 00 25 00 40 00
One column 25 00 40 00...... 80 00
Vo advertisement inserted for less than SEVENTY
KIYE.CENT.S.
The Union has a large and increasin* circulation, a
fact worthy the attention of advertisers.
LONGSECKER BROTHERS. Pcslisbers
Towsonto n. Baltimore Co.. Md.
Professional Cards.
DENTAL CARD.
HAVING purchased of Da. Folsom the State Right
to use his improvement in the con-
struction wf DENTAL PLATES. I now
it to the public as the greatest discovery
made in Mechanical Dentistry.
Oue of the principal difficulties heretofore experienc
ed hr those wearims Art.dcial Dentures has been their
liabiltt* to get loose while eating or speaking; and in
some mouths of peculiar condition it has been utter
ly impossible to use them successfully.
Plates cons.cucted upon this plan remain perfectly
firm -nder all circumstances, as no air or food can pos
sibly get under them.
1 commend this style of work particularly to that
laige class of persons who have tried repeatedly, but
without success, to wear Plates made in the ordinary
way. and 1 gwx'aMee in all cases parties to eat on them,
or the money refunded.
Parties having Plates that do not fit well can Ante
the improvement atta ch- d.
real'll EXTRAGTRD WITHOUT PAIN, hy the use
of Nitrous Oxide Gas. Having administered it suc
cessfully for over seven years, it is hardly necessary
to assure the public of its safety or efficiency.
vParticular attention given to the treatment of
Natural Teeth. D WM. H H OOPES.
84 North Eutaw Street, Baltimore.
Jan. 28.1871. —ly*
ALEXANDER WOLFF,
I*ut f c r
imiJ SicfPantuaU,
pra:ttjr f on aßfn (ijcrtcl ten in Wamlant, fer
tidt JTiuibricff, t'crctbcfcn, tint an
tfre dfriuf.iGc Xocunmuc fcn?ctl fur Jlmertfa
at cud) fiir 4arcra an.
3n Scwfcntcwn:
in in Office 2BMt nnb fiftffl,
Slbcofaten.
3n S3a!tim orr:
17 S!ato Suilbtngd, <S<fc Smngton unb Si
i'aul--StraßC.
July 29.—1 y.
JjR DUCK’S
DENTAL PRICE LIST.
SETS OF ARTIFICIAL TEETH, with all the latest
improvements, $lO. sls and S2O, warran
ted from 3 to 10 years.
GOLD FILLINGS, $2 and upwards, warranted from
5 to 10 years.
TEETH EXTRACTED WITH GAS, 50 cts.
many as fifteen,teeth can be extracted with
one administration of gas, without the slightest pain
or ill effect.
Excellent State and city references.
Db CH AS. #E. DUCK, Dentist,
14 1 Saratoga Street, north side,
between Howard and Eutaw Sts., Baltimore.
Feb 11,1571 —ly.
C. BOHN SLINGLUFF, FIELDER C. SLINGLUFF,
ToWß<>ntowu. 48 St. Paul ?t., Baltimore
gLINGLUFF* SLINGLUFF,
.4rrofi,v e rs at la w.
C. BOHN SLINGLUFF will be found daily at liis
new office in Towsontown, and in connection with F.
C. SLINGLUFF will attend to all business entrusted
to them promptly, either in the county or city.
Sept. 4,1869 —ly.
0 BOHN SLINGLUFF,
D UTSCHER 4DVO CA T
AND RE CUTS A N WA L T,
TOWSONTOWN.
Court House gegenuber
Sept. 4.1870 —ly.
W. BATEMAN,
[Lats Circuit Judgi,)
ATTORNEY AT LAW
S. E. corner of Lexington and Courtland Streets,
Entrance on Courtland at.. I BALTIMORE,
four doors from Lexington. J
in the Courts of Baltimore City, Balti
more. Carroll and Harford counties, and in the Court of
Appeals. [May 13,1871.—1 y.
OOBEBT R. BOARMAN,
ATTORN E~Y~AT LAW,
AND SOLICITOR IN CHANCERY,
v medley Row. opposite Court House, Towsontown.
Will promptly atteUti to all business entrusted to his
care. [Jan. 1,1871.—1 y.
JOHN T. ENSOR,
TTORNEY AT LA I V AND SOLICITOR
IN CHANCERY,
Towsontown Baltimore County Md.
•Will aTend promptly and perseveringly to all busings*
ntrusted to his care. [Jan. 1.1871. —ly.
jVHEODbBE GLOCKER,
A TT O R NE Y A T LAW,
Xo. 11 Courtland Street, between Lexington and
Saratoga Sts., Baltimore.
to all Law Business and Conveyancing
>ind especialy to Equity and Orphans’ Court business.
Practice* in the Courts of Baltimore County.
Jan. 1, 1871.-ly.
fj STURGIS DAVIS,
’attorn e y at l a ft,
tffiice—No. 7 Smedley Row,
TOWSONTOWN.
business entrusted to his care will receive
prompt attention. [July 24,1870. —ly
jJ FARKER BOSLEY,
i TTORNEY AT LAW AND SOLICITOR
IN CHANCERY,
Xo. 7 Smedley Row, Towsontown, Md.
Will give prompt attention to all law and Chanceiy
usiness, committed to his charge, also, to the collec
ion of Soldiers' Claims. Sept. 1,1870.—ly.
J AMES MILLER.
AT LAW MAGISTRATE
Deeds, Mortgages, Liens, kc., neatly prepared. Col
lections promptly attended to
OFFICE— With J. Kred.C. Talbott. F.sq.,
SMEDLEY ROW, TOWSONTOWN,AID.
May 25,1870. -ly.
y FRED. C. TALBOTT,
AT TO R NE Y A T LAW,
OFFlCE—Smedley Row,
In the Room formerly occupied by Geo. Tellott Esq
TOWSONTOWN.
All businessentruited to his care will receive prompt
ttention. [March 23,1871.—1 y.
U HOPPER EMORY,
’ATTORNEY AT LAW,
Vo. 2 Smedley Row, Towsontown, Md.
Will practice his profession, in connectioon with D.
C. K. EMORY, (late Circuit Judge.) who may be con
sult"d at their offic-s, No. 47. St Paul Street. Balti
more. oil H UDAYS and FIOAVS. [Jan, b. '71.—1.v.
W. MAC HEN R. J. GITTINGS
Have associated with them, for the practice of Law
n the Courts of Baltimore county,
D G McINTOSH, or Towsontown.
They may be consulted at their office in Towsontown,
r at the office of Machen k Gittings, No. 47 St. Paul
Street, Baltimore. [Nov. 28,1870. —tf.
J T. B DORSEY,
ATT ORNE Y AT LAW,
Xo. 8 Smedley Row
Towsontown, Baltimore Co.
Will practice in Baltimore, Carroll and and Howard
ounties and Baltimore city. [Dec. 25.—ft.
J. R.D. BEDFORD. SAMUEL C HOULTON
DEDFORD HOULTON,
CONVEYANCERS,
X. W. Corner Lexington and St. Paul Sts.,
BALTIMORE, Md.
ayConveyancing of every description promptly at
tended to. [July 31, 1870. ly
JJR. HENRY M. EWING,
OFFICE ASD RESIDENCE
FALLS ROAD, NEAR MOUNT WASHINGTON.
Offers his Professional Services to thecitisens of the
neighborhood.
Can be found at his office except when professionally
engaged. [®W 44,1870. ly.
JJR. JAMES H. JARRETT,
offers his Professional Services to thecitizensofTow
sontown and vicinity.
Office hours—From 7 to 9 o'clock A. M 12 to Jr M.,
and 6to9P. M. [April23, Tl.-ly.
JJR. T. H. WINGFIELD,
Oilers his ProfessionalServicesto thecitisensofTOW
ONTOWN and its vicinity.
lie can be found at his office at MRS. HAMILTON'S,
it all hours,except when professionally engaged
March 30,1871—tf
jjr. j. Piper,
Residenccippoiitethelate Dr. Tidings'office.
Officehoursfrom 7A. M.,to 9 o’clock A. M. From
o'clock P. M to 3o'clock P. M.and6o'clock P. M.
Tan. 1,1871.—1 y.
JJR. H. LOUIS NAYLOR,
OFFICE—RESIDENCE OF HON. SAMUEL
BRA DY. NEA BROOK LAND YILLE\
Dec. 24,1870 —ly
pjR. CHARLES W. CADDEN,
Having RESUMED PRACTICE, offers his profes
sional services to the community in the vicinity of hfs
residence, near GREENWOOD, Long Green, Balto.Co.
Sept, lb, 1871.—1 y.
JOHN I. YELLOTT,
ATT OR NE~Y AT LA W,
Office—No 8 Smedley Row,
TOWSONTOWN.
Will atUsd pr to nil bnslnsu entrusted to hit
ears f Unt* U, IWI -Iff
tMtirnttri Conntu Mttintt.
VOL. f, MOf m.
Professional Cards.
npiiOMAbj J. HUNTER,
A T T O R N E Y A T L A W,
—OFFICR—
WITH J. FRED. C. TALBOTT. SMEDLEY ROW,
TOWSONTOWM, MD.
Aug. 26, 1871 —ly.
JAMES LYTLE,
ATT O R NE Y A T L A W,
Office—No. 8 Smedley Row,
TOWSONTOWN.
Will attend promptly to all business committed to
his charge. [June 3,1871. —ly*
yyiLLIAM GRASON,
T .4 TTOR NE Y A T LAW,
OFFICE—In the Room adjoining Col. D. G. Mclntosh.
March 18, 1871.- ly.
yy?M. FITZ HUGH WHARTON,
ATTORNEY AT L4W,
TOWSONTOWN, Md.
&?~Wi)l attend promptly to all business intrusted to
hiscare. [Aug. 14,1870. —ly.
£JENRY W. COOKE,
A EA L ES T A T E B R 0 KE R,
No. 9. Law Buildings. Saint Paul St., Baltimore, Md~
Negotiate;- Sales, and Purchases of Houses, Lott,
Farmland Ground Rents; and Loans on Real Estate.
Apr. 21.1871.—1 y. v.
Miscellaneousi
l McllAE fSOf
HO. 11l H. CALVERT ST..
(NEAR THE DEPOT,)
BALTIMORE,
INVITE THE ATTENTION OF THEIR
FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC GEN
ERALLY TO THEIR STOCK OF
Pure Old Rye Whiskies
BAKER, ;ture ami mellow.)
WILSON,
HORSEY,
VA. GLADES.
IMPORTED LIQUORS.
BRANDIES
FINE OLD HENNESSEY.
OTARD. DUPUY A CO.,
A SEIGNETTE.
HOLLAND GIN, JAMA. BUM,
SCOTCH AND IRISH
NffiY HI^KIES.
IMFOMTEP WIMES
PORT,
SHERRY,
MADEIRA.
ALSO, ALL THE LEADING BRANDS OF
CIIAMPAGXE WINES.
sss£s sssssss
GINGER BRANDY,
BLACKBERRY BRANDY,
WILD CHERRY BRANDY,
STOUGHTON BITTERS.
K I M M E L.
—lmported Malt Liquors
IX GLASS.
Robert Younger’s Sparkling Edinburg Ale.
Bass A Co., Strong Burton Ale.
Bass A Co., Pale Ale.
Guinnesse’s Dublin BROWN STOUT-
Hibbert’s London Brown Stout.
WE INVITE
HOTEL KEEPERS
TO EXAMINE OUR
LARUE STOCK,
AS WE CAN DO AS WELL IN PRICE
AND QUALITY AS ANY HOUSE
IN BALTIMORE CITY.
R. McRAE SON,
\o. 11l Hortli Calvert Street,
NEAR THE DEPOT,
BALTIMORE.
March 11, ’7l.—ly.
Paper Hangings
AND
Window Shades
SELLING CHEAP
AT MYERS BROS-
No. 39 V l.nv St.,
(OPPOSITB OPD FELLOWS’ HALL,)
BALTIMORE.
FROM THE COUNTRY RES
PECTFULLY SOLICITED. [Dec. 17,’70.-Iy.
TEAS
TEAS!:
TEAS!
OF ALL GRADES AND QUALITIES.
GO TO THE
GREAT EAST INDIA
Tea and CoflVe Company
FOR
Pure Teas and Coffees,
AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICES
S. W. cor. Gay and Forrest Sts.,
Opposite Bel-Air Market,
BALTIMORE.
J. MUSSELMAN A CO.
Feb. 4.—ly.
E. B. EONGIVECKER,
manufacturer of
FINE CUSTOM SHIRTS,
BOSOMS, COLLARS, CUFFS, AC.,
No. 333 West Baltimore Street,
(Over Robt. Moore A Bros.)
Second Floor. BALTIMORE.
CUT, SI.OO. FIT GUAR
ANTEED. [Nov. 4,’71.— 1y.
SEE DR. DUCK’S DENTAL PRICE LIBT
ON FT BAT PAG*. Fk 11^-tf.
—r
Medical
AN APPEAL!
DEBILITATED PERSONS,
To Dyspeptics,
To Sufferers from Liver ComplalfH,
To those having no Appetite,
To those with Broken-Down Constitutions,
To Nervous People,
To Children Wasting Away,
To any with Debilitated Digestive Organs,
Or suffering with auy of the following Symp
toms, which indicate Disordered
Liver or Stomach,
such as Con
stipation, Inward
Piles, Fullness or
t Blood to the Head, Acid
ity of the Stomach, Nausea,
Heartburn, Disgust for Food,
Fullness or Wei.ht in the Stom
ach, Sour Erucitations, Sinking or
Fluttering at the Pit of the Stomach,
Swimming of the Head, Hurried and Dif
ficult Breathing. Fluttering at the Heart,
Choking or Suffocating Sensations, when in
a Lying Posture, Dimness of Vision, Dots
or Webs before the Sight, Fever and dull
Pain in the Head, Deficiency of Pers
piration, Yellowness of the Skin and
Eyes, Pain in the Side. Back, Chest,
Limbs, Ac., Sudden Flushes of
Heat, Burning in the Flesh,
Consta n t Imagi n i ngs of ev i 1
and Great Depression of
Spirits, Ac., Ac., Ac.
Hoofland’s German Blitter*,
A Ritters without Alcohol or Spirits
of any kmd,
Is different from all others. It is composed
of the pure Juices, or VITAL PRINCIPLES uF
ROOTS, HERBS and BARKS, (or as medici
nally termed Extracts,) the worthless or inert
portions of the ingredients not being used.
Therefore in one Bottle of this Bitters there is
contained as much medicinal virtue as will be
found in several gallons of oruidary mixtures.
The Roots. Ac., used in this Bitters are grown
in Germany, their vital principles extracted in
that country by a scientific Chemist, and for
warded to the manufactory in this city, where
they are compounded and b**ttle<l. Containing
no spirituous ingredients, this Bitters is free
from the objections urged against alt others no
desire for stimulants can be induced from their
use, they cannot make drunkards, and cannot
under auy circumstances, have any but a
beneficial effect.
Hoofland’s tiennan Tonic,
Was compounded lor those not inclined to
extreme bitters, and is intended for use in eases
when some alcoholic stimulant is required in
connection with the Tonic properties of the
Bitters. Eacn Bottle of the Tonic contains one
bottleofthe Bitters,combined with pureSANTA
CRUZ RUM and flavored in such a manner
that the extreme bitterness of the bitters is
overcome,forminga preparation highly ugreea
ble and pleasant to the palate, and containing
the medicinal virtues of the Bitters The price
of the Tonic is $1.50 per Bottle, which many
persons think too high. They must lake into
consideration that the stimulant is guaranteed
to be of a pure quality. A poor article could
be furnished at a cheaper price, but is it no
better to pay a little more and have a good
article A medicinal preparation should con
tain noue but the best ingredients and the\
who expect to obtain a cheap compound, and
be benefitted by it will most certainly be
cheated.
IIOOFI.A.YD’S
GERMAN BITTERS,
0 R
HOOFLAND’S
GERMAN TON IC,
WITH
IIOOFLAND’S
Podoph yII i n Pill,
WELL uURE YOU.
THEY ARE THE GREATEST
BLOOD PURIFIERS
Known to the Medical world, and will eradi
cate diseases arising from impure blood, Debili
ty of the Digestive Organs, or Diseased Liver,
in a shorter time than any other known
remedies.
The Whole Supreme Court of Penn
sylvania Speak for these
Remedies.
Who would ask lor more Dignified and Stron
ger Testimony
lion. George W. Woodward, formerly Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
at present Member of Congress from Pennsyl
vania. writes
Philadelphia, March 16th, 1867.
I find ‘‘Hoofland's German Bitters” is a good
tonic, useful in diseasesofthedigestiveorgans,
ar.d of great benefit in cases ot dibility and
want of nervous action in the system.
Yours, truly,
GEORGE W. WOODWARD.
Hon. James Thompson, Chef Justice of the Su
preme Court of Pennsylvania.
Philadelphia, April 28, 1867.
I consider ‘‘Hoofland’s German Bitters” a
valuable medicine in case of attacks of Indi
gestion or Dyspepsia. I can certity this from
my experience ot it.
Yours, with respect, JAMES THOMPSON.
Hon. George Sharswood, Justice of the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania.
Philadelphia, June 1, IS6S.
I have found by experience that “Hoofland's
German Bitters is a very good tonic, relieving
dyspeptic symptoms almost directly.
GEORGE SHARSWOOD.
Hon. Wm. F. Rogers, Mayor of the City of
Buffalo, N. Y.
Mayor’s Office. Buffalo, June 22, 1869.
I have used “Hoofland's German Bitters and
Tonic” in my family during the past year, and
can recommend them as an excellent tonic,
imparting tone and vigor to the system.
Their use has been productive of decidedly
beneficial eflects. WM. F. ROGERS.
Hon. James M. Wood. Ex-Mayor of Williams
port, Pa.
1 take great pleasure in recommending
‘•Hoofland’s German Tonic” to any one who
may be afflicted with Dyspepsia. I had ‘be
Dyspepsia so badly it was impossible to keep
any food on my stomach, and 1 became so
weak as not to be able to walk a mile. Two
bottles of Tonic effected a perfect cure.
JAMES M. WOOD.
1 REMEMBER
TnAT
HOOFLAND’S GERMAN BITTERS
AND
HOOFLAND’S GERMAN TONIC
will Cure every Case of
MARASMUS, OR WASTING AWAY OF THE
BODY.
REMEMBER
THAT
HOOFLAND'S GERMAN REM El IES
Are the medicines you require to purily the
Blood, excite the torpid Liver to healthy
action, and to enable you to pass safely
through any hardships or exposure.
DR. HOOFLAND’S PODOPIIYLLIN,
or Substitute for Mercury Fills,
TWO TILLS A DOSE
The most Powerful. Yet Innocent, Vegetable
Cathartic known.
It is not necessary to take a handful f these
Pills to produce the desired effect; two of them
act quickly and powerlully, cleansing the
Liver, Stomach and Bowels of all impurities.
The principal ingredients Podophyllm,orthe
Alcoholic Extract of Mandrake, which is by
maDy times more powerful, acting and search
ing than the Mandrake itself. Its peculiar ac
tion is upon the Liver, cleaning it speedily
from all obstructions, with all the power of
Mercury, yet free from the injurious results at
tached to the use of that mineral.
For all diseases, in which the use of a
cathartic is indicated, these pills will give en
tire satisfaction in every case. They never
fail.
Recollect that it is Dr. Hoofland’s German
Remedies that are so universally used and
highly recommended and do not allow the
Druggist to induce you to take anything else
that he may say is just as good, because he
makes a larger profit on it. These Remedies
will be sent by Express to any locality, upon
application to the PRINCIPAL OFFICE, atthe
GERMAN MEDICINE STORE, 631 ARCH St.,
PHILADELPHIA.
CHAS. M. EVANS, Proprietor,
Formerly C. M. JACKSON CO.
ffiSß- These Remedies are for Sale by Drug
gists, Storekeepers and Medicine Dealers every
where. Jan. >I,IBTI If.
Tawsoarawii, mb., satoiiday, asesstas'i in, is n.
'2?oetrg.
For the Union.
SMI Til AT FORT MIFFLIN.
Chill from the northern seas,
Had swept the autumn breeze
.Amonjr the forest tees,
And left them stripped and bare.
Whi.'** Hessians lying round,
Hid y the sandy mound,
Wait but the bugle’s sound,
To leave their covert lair.
And quiet in their might,
The ships lay full in sight,
Preparing for the fight,
When morning’s beams appear.
When from their topmasts high,
Dark pictured on the sky,
A meteor flag did fly,
The seaman’s soul to cheer.
Now, since the evening's fall,
Slow paced the sentinel,
To guard old Mifflin's wall,
And warn of foeman near.
No martial music played,
As in their rags arrayed,
Troops met on esplanade,
Their chieftain’s tones to hear.
Beneath the banner's fold,
With post erect aud hold,
Like Paladin of old,
He spoke in words of power,
“My comrades, tried and true,
Our country calls on you,
For her to die or do,
In this, her darkest hour.”
Then stalwart men of North,
Who come from workshop forth,
Now, lay your human swarth,
Like reapers on the plain.
For you have Bunker seen
Perchance on Concord green,
Or Brooklyn's field—l ween.
Have helped the fight maintain.
Ye from the land of Penn,
Who preached good will to men.
Give blow for blow—but then,
No foe in anger slay.
For tho’ you wield the sword,
Let all the vengeance stored,
Be handed to the Lord,
Who surely will repay.
Oh gallant, noble, great.
Men from my native State,
Whom sires taught to hate
Foul slavery’s cursed brand
This field may be your last,
So let your foes fall fast,
As leaves before the blast,
My men from Maryland.
See breaking daylight dear!
Then for the storm prepare,
As brethren we Rhall share
The fame of victory won.
And fast the pulse shall beat.
When we our comrades meet,
And praise our deeds shall greet
From lips of Washington.”
With dawn of morning’s sun,
The patriot’s work begun.
And evening found it done,
With British hosts repelled.
We, of the later days.
The hero crowned with bays,
And chanted in our lays,
How Smith the mud-fort held. W. W.
2ißioccllancou.
Farlors.
During the past summer I traveled quite ex
tensively through many of the towns and villa
ges of New England. I saw her awe-inspiring
mountains and her wild, picturesque ocean
views; her quiet ponds and lakes; her rivers,
rich in Indian legends her hills, stretching
.tway in the distance, with villages nestling
cosily at their leel, or climbing cautiously up
their sides I saw her s>ft green fields, and
her rocky pastures. Better than all, I wandered
through her dark pine- forests, and listened to
their wonderful music. But it is not to write a
description ofany of these natural beauties that
1 have seated myself this morning. It is to
write a lew words about the abominations in
the form of parlors, with which the country
i bounds.
What are the women saving their parlors
for was the question ever forcing itself into
my mind. And now I ask jmt, women of New-
England, what are you saving them for? To
keep your carpet bright To preserve a vase
or two, which a dollar would replace, from
being broken, in the course of a year To pro
tect your furniture from scratches and sears,
and your paint from flies Are you saving
them until the children are grown up, or for
some stranger who may happen to call? Or do
voti not feel able to take the extra care of keep
ing them in order, or to incur the extra expense
■•f healing them O wife aDd mother! take
care lest you fade the rose-tint out of your life,
which the price of many carpets can never re
stor.'; and take care, too, lest, in saving your
furniture from being scarred, you do not leave
a sear imprinted upon the youthful hearts of
your ch'ldren. which nothing can ever efface.
Do you not believe that your husband’s heart
would grow warmer, and your children’s hearts
lighter, if. on some of these cold winter nights,
1 hen it is dark by the time work and school
aroover, they should see the front blinds thrown
opn. and a bright light shining forth to greet
t iem Do you not think the sight of the cheer
fil colors in the earpet, the pretty furniture,
and the little ornaments scattered about, would
hrow a sort of romance around their lives,
which could hardly be found among the pots
and kettles, the brooms and disb-cloths of the
kitchen I know, by my own experience, tbe
necessity and the blessing of a well ordered
kitchen. I know that cooking, washing, iron
ing. and claning are important things in life
in fact, they are the pivots upon which all the
wheels of the household machinery turn. I
know that many of you are compelled to attend
to all these matters yourselves, and I know
that often they seem irksome, and you get
weary of the monotony of your life, and wish
that you could live more like this one or that
one.
Did it. ever occur to you that, by a little skill
and determination, you could lift yourself and
your household out of the narrow groove in
which you have been plodding so long, up to a
higher and more ennobling plane of life, and
that by a very simple process, too—so simple,
that perhaps you will not have faith enough
in the result to try the means? Do you not
believe that, after the housework is done, a
change, for a few hours, from the kitchen to
the parlor from the dark calico working-a proa
to the dainty white one from the bare dress
neck to the neat linen collar fastened with a
bright ribbon; from the tiresome details of
actual life to the pleasing illusions of fiction,
would ,do something toward satisfying that
higher life, which demands nourishment, as
well as that of our mere physical bodies
Do you not believe that your husband, cold
and prosaic as you have thought him for many
years, would have a chord in bis memory
awakened, or a spot in his naturally tender
heart touched by these silent symbols of beauty
iu your dress, and this widening out aud
brightening up of his home-life Wouldn’t
‘he children open their eyes with surprise to
see mother looking so pretty, aud tbe parlor
so bright, and would they not experience a
new sensation of pleasure in discovering that
it was all done for father and them, and not for
company l
I know that the change in your manner of
iiviog would subject you to many disagreeable
remarks from the busy tongues ot prying neigh
bors. But uever mind. You would be trying
to make your home a homo in the true sense of
the word, and when they see the magical effect
of your attempt, I think some of them, at least,
would lollow in your footsteps. So do not de
lay a day. Open your windows and blinds
let out the close, musty air let in the sunshine;
build ii)i your fire and banish, at once and
forever, Irotn your house, the furniture ware
room which you have been cberishiug these
many years as the apple of your eye. I would
sooner sit with you in some sunny corner of
the pleasant village cemetery than in that
lomblike room, and while feeling the cold
shiv- rs creep up my back, try to get up a
cheerful conversation with you.
II you think you are 100 poor to warm and
light it, stop and consider whether there is not
some luxury in which you are indulging that
can be better sacrificed than that. Can you
not spend a little less on Sunday clothes, less
on the table, less for costly furniture and car
pets, less for ribbons and sashes, less for false
curls and chignons, less for Hamburg em
broidory, less for machine tucking and ruffling,
less for dollar jewelry, and more fore comforts,
such as light, warmth, newspapers, magazines,
games, plants, and birds
I becanre acquainted, last September, with a
family who lived in a large village, situated on
the shore of one of the most beautiful lakes in
the State of Maine. They had a fine, large
house, the front of which commanded a view
of the lake, and of mountains, rising peak upon
peak, beyond, as far as the eyecould reach.
The family consisted of father, mother, and
two children —a daughter of fourteen and a son
of sixteen. The father was a prosperous
merchant, able and anxious to hire a strong
servant to help do the work, but the wife,
being one of those thrifty housekeepers of whom
we bear so much, could not think of such a
thing. She couldn't have a careless girl about,
ruining her nice things. No, indeed. She
would rather do every bit herself, if sberftrf get
all tired out. So she did do it herself, and she
did get all tired out, day after day. She told
me. in a tone of great satisfaction, that her
parlor was the most elegant one in town. So
ft was. The frescoed walls, velvet carpet,
damask furniture, and lace curtains were very
costly and elegant. The sitting room, opposite,
was also richly furnished, and so were the two
laree, square chambers above. But of what
avail was all this outlay of money Those
four rooms were always carefully closed. No
ray of light ever ventured in to fade a thread
of one of those carpets, and the immaculate
whiteness of the paint, and the clean surface*
of the windows and mirrors, showed that flies
were strangers there. 'Fli •L of the house was
the home proper of this family.
The father and children uever dreamed of
walking in at the front door, on the shining
oil-cloth. It would bring in altogether too
much mud for mother to wipe up. They must
pick their way around to the back-door, no
matter how muddy the path or how dark and
stormy the night. Only in the kitchen or
dining-room —so called—was a light or fire to
be found, except when company came. The
front of tho house, with the glorious views
without, and the pretty pictures, comfortable
easy-chairs and sofas, and graceful chambers
i sets within, were too good for this husband,
who had been struggling all his life to get
them too good for the wile, who had helped
him in his work, and grown sour and morbid
in the striving too good for the daughter, just
blooming into womanhood and too good for
the son, around whom home attractions and
pleasures could not be spread too lavishly at
this susceptible time of bis life; but not too
good for the casual stranger, tho thankless
guest, or the envious relative
Now, this wife and mother was really a
sensitive, tender hearted woman, tihe loved
her husband and children, and thought she was
dflng her duty by them. She seemed to forget
that her duty reached farther than their mere
physical lives, and that each had a soul-liie,
a heart-life, that needed to be ministered to,
as well. She didn't realize how proud and
delighted her two children would be could they
go in and out at the pleasant front-door, and
could they enjoy the heautilul things with
which their lather's money had supplied their
home. It didn’t occur to her that the strength
which she was expending on the daily house
work had far better he used iu taking a pleasant
walk with her husband, after his day’s work,
thereby drawing his mind away from business
cares, and reviving the memory of other walks
taken in years gone by. She did not think of
the blessing and safeguard that hi-r home
would be to some poor, motherless girl of the
benefit her domestic training would be to her;
of the joy unspeakable which she, herself,
would derive from seeing her grow up into an
intelligent and uselul woman. Habit had be
come a second-nature to her. But let those of
us who have had the subject brought to our
miuds seek to act rationally iu the future. Let
those of us who have means use the n for some
thing better than buying inanimate piece* of
carved wood, to he set up in a dark room and
worshiped. Let us he more Christianlike, and
le-s heathenish, in our practices. While filling
our homes with all the forma of beauty that we
can, let us remember that our object should be
to make our family life broader and better,
and not merely to represent so many dollars
and cents hearing no interest.— Elsie Dee, in
Hearth and Home.
She Wouldn’t Mahrv a Mechanic.—A
young man commenced visiting a young wo
man, and appeared to be well pleased. One
evening he called when it was quite late, which
led the young lady to inquire where he had
been.
“I had to work to-night.”
“What do you work fora living she in
quired iu astonishment.
“Certainly,” replied the. young man, "I atu
a mechanic.”
“I dislike the name of a mechanic,” and she
turned up her pretty nose.
That was the last time ihe young man visi
ted the young lady. He >.s now a wealthy
man, and has one of the best women in the
country for a wife.
The lady who disliked the name of a me
chanic is now the wife of a miserable fool—a
regular vagrant about grog shops—and the soft,
verdant, silly miserable girl is obliged t-> take
in washing, in order to support herself and
children.
You dislike the name of a mechanic, eh?
You whose brothers are hut well-dressed loaf
ers. We pity any girl who is so verdant, so
soft, as to think less of a young man for being
a mechanic —one of God’s noblemen—a most
dignified and honorable personage ofheaven's
creatures.
Beware, young ladies how you treat young
men who work tor a living, for you tnij~ one
day be a menial to one of them yourself.
Far better to discharge the well led pauper
with all his rings, jewelry brazenness and
pomposity, and take to your affections thecal
lous handed, industrious mechanic.
Thousands have bitterly repented thtir folly
who have turned their hacks to honesty. A
few years have taught them a severe lesson.
Remarkable Phenomenon— A Hhuwerof Blood
in Kent County, .Md H M. (whom we recog
nize as Howard Meeks, and if we are right his
word^pei r p)jed upon) writes to lb" Chester
town New.Jas follows
One day last week many of the farmers in this
vicinity bad determined to suspend the ordinary
labors of the farm—in the technical phraseology
of the laborers, “to knock off.’’ The morning
broke fair and beautiful, but soon a smoky con
dition of the atmosphere set in, and dense clouds
could be seen hovering around in various qaur
ters. Tbe wind was brisk from the Dorthwest
and quite keen. In a short time showers began
to descend, and at intervals throughout the day
until past noon continued some limes in copious
streams, and sometimes in less abundance. Mean
while the clouds had cleared away and the sun
shone with his usual splendor. I walked out
during the intermission ot the showers and found
in many places the ground saturated w ith blood
to the depth of one-eighth to one-fourth of an
inch, and in various places the blood stood io
puddles or laid coagulated upon the ground
fences, herbage and trees were found spattered
and stained with blood, and men, woiupd and
children, who happened to be exposed were alike
besmeared and besprinkled with the sanguineous
effusion.
Scientists, hfre is matter for investigation.—
Let us hear wbat you have to say in explanation
of this remarkable phenomenon.
Want of Decision. —A great deql of labor is
lost to the world for the wantof a little courage.
Every day sends to their graves a number of
obscure men who have only remained in ob
scurity because their timidity has prevented
them from making a first effort, and who, if
they had only been induced to begin, would in
nil probability have gone great lengths in the
career of fame. The fact is, that in doing any
thing-in the world worth doing, wo mustnot
shiver on the bank, thinkiug of the cold and
danger, but jump in aud scramble through as
well as we can. It will not do to be perpetually
calculating the risks and adjusting the ch-tncos;
it did all very well before the flood, when a
man could consult his friends upon an intended
publication for a hundred and fitty years, and
live to see its success for six or seven centuries
afterwards; but at present a mn waits and
doubts, and eousults his brothers, and unifies,
and particular friends, till one day he finds
that he is sixty-five years of age, and that he
has lost so much time in consulting firstcousius
and ['articular friends that he finds he has no
more time to follow their ad vice. There is so
little time for over squeamishness at present,
that the opportunity slips away. Tne very
period of life at which a tnan chooses to ven
ture, if ever so confined that it is no bad rule
to preach up the necessity, in such instances,
of s little violence done to the feelings, and
efforts made in defiance of stiict and sober
calculations.— Sidney Smith.
Home Talk to Girls.—Your every day toilet
is part of your character. A girl that looks
like a ‘fury’ or ‘sloven’ in the morning, is not
to be trusted, however finely she may look in
the evening. No matter how humble youi
rodbi may be, there are eight tilings it should
contain, namely A.mirror, wasbstand soap,
tov el, com b, haif.' nail and tooth brushes.—
These are just as essentia! as your breakfast.,
before which you should make good use of
them. Parents who fail to provide their chil
dren with such appliances, not only make a
great mistake, but commit a sin of omission.—
Look tidy in Ihe morning, and after dinner
work is over, improve your toilet. Make it a
rule of your daily life to ‘dresk up’for the af
ternoon. Your dress may or need not- be any
thing better than calico but with a ribbon or
flower, or some bit of ornament, you can have
an air or self-respect and satisfaction th -t. in
variably comes with being well dressed. A
girl with fine sensibilities can not I elp feeling
embarrassed and awkward in a lugged and
dirt® dress with her hair iitiketnp. should a
neighbor come in. Moreover, your self respect
should demand the decent apparelling of your
body. You should make it a point to look as
well as you can, even if you know nobody will
see you but yourself.
How Different Nations Eat. —l no Molda
vian Islanders eat alone. They ret re into the
most hinder part of their house, and then draw
down the cloths that serve as blinds to tl.eir
windows, that they may eat unobserved. On
the contrary, the islander of Philiipines are
remarkably sociable. Whenever <he of th.-tu
finds himself without a companion to pat take
of his meal he runs till he meets with one nd
however keen his appetite may be, h ventures
not to satisfy it without a guest. The tabi sof
tbe rich Chinese shine with a beautiful var
nish, and covered with silk carpets elegantly
worked. They do not make use of plates, kn i ves
and forks. Every guest has two little ivory or
ebony sticks which they handle very adroitly.
A Kamschatkan kneels before his guest, cuts
an enormous slice from a s"a calf, and crams it
entire into the uiouth of tbe friend, furiously
crying out, “Tapa” (there), and cutting away
what hangs about bis lips, snaetbes and de
vours it with avidity.
A little girl not far from Schenectadv, after
noticing for some time tbe glittering gold filling
in her annt’sfront teeth,exclaimed, “Aunt Mary,
I wih I had copper-toed teeth like yours I f
i Communicated.
You seem to have a hard time, my good
I" Union, awakening any active sympathy
among your readers iu behalf of the suffer
ers of Chicago and the North West. Why
i in it It cannot be that they are less tender
of heart than others who have given so gener
ously perhaps they have not had the matter
so presented to them that they realize the need
of help, or, can it be as I have heard asserted
i that “Country people sleep away their lives,
i utterly oblivious of everything but the price of
i potatoes, hay and corn at certain seasons of the
i year, after disposing of which they relapse into
a delicious semi-unconscious condition from
which they awaken, in time only, for harvest
and hog-killing.” This is told to me seriously
as the normal condition of a Maryland farmer,
i his wife drearily toiling from year’s end to
year’s end in kitchen or nursery, his children
I uneducated, aud the thousand and one means
-of useful entertainment which find their way
into the homes of the educated and refined ut
i terly unknown to them and being facts con
cerning their existence it is actually offered as
i an excuse for their failure to respond to your
l several eloquent appeals to “help Chicago.”
i Again some one says who has given his five or
t ton dollars out of his thousands, “Shall we
never have done with Chicago Look at the
money and clothing already sent!” For such
I have made the followingextracts from letters
1 in my possession from personal friends in no
t wise connected with any general or special re
-1 lief but working simply as friends and neigh
i bors among the suffering which is all about
them. The first.under dale so recent as Nov.
i fib iu acknowledgement of a box of second
hand clothing writes: “I cannot tell you bow
t glad we were to receive them, and how happy
eight or nine families were made by a share ot
i the contents I wish you could go with us to
i distribute. I know you would feel for the poor
f sufferers and share in the happiness it gives
them to have a little to keep them warm there
s are so many who will not ask for relief, that
are suffering even for something to eat, and un
less it is carried to them would rather starve
i than ask for it. But I atn not surprised at this
for when you see the rabble that are clamoring
f at the doors of the different committees, I am
sure no refined person could hear to join them
l aud then too often they are received with harsh
words and suspicious looks. To be called an
f imposter will quell sometimes the stoutest
I heart. It makes us so glad to have a little
1 here to give out privately, to such as these, who
r h ive lost everythinq. John, (her husband) has
s three men with their families entirety burnt out,
s we have given them children’s clothing and
warm flannels from your packages. Thank
t Mrs. S. .fc Mrs. B. for the infant’s clothing we
t gave some of them to a nice woman whose
husband is dying of consumption and has been
ill for six weeks. She, poor woman, had made
no provision for her sorrowful luture thetears
rau down the father’s cheeks when I told the
littledsughter, tivoyearsold, who was barefoot
ed, that I had a pair of warm shoes for her. He
said they had always been comfortable before
they had now lost almost everything. The first
hit we gave to a schoolteacher. She escaped
from the flames, with only her night-gown and
ail the clothes she had on were borrowed!”
i Again she says—“ Send us what you can, and
since we have escaped tho fire; tho* J’s busi
s ness is utterly gone for the present, we can do
something for others less tortunate—by dis
tributing your gifts. Lou goes to the Bishop’s
church everyday where they clothe aud feed
thousands. It is weary work from 9 in the
morning to 9at night. It would make your
heart bleed to see many of these people, chil
dren of affluence and atleastcompaeativecase,
without either home or money. Take more
time with your next box, but send us what you
can—east off clothing which looks worn, but
is still capable of impartiug warmth and com
fort; blankets and quilts are still needed.it is so
cold here men’s, women’s and children’s cloth
ing is what we need most and if only one or
two garments trom each, it will greatly nelp in
this time of need.” We read of the amount
sent, which certainly seems enough for every
ivant but private letters tell heart rending
stories of want and desolation which the public
fund fails to relieve. i)r. S. an old resident ot
Baltimore but more recently a practising physi
cian of Chicago, wriles begging assistance for
th' se immediately under his care saving: “My
intercourse with my patients makes it possible
f r me to help many who are struggling brave
ly to bear up under their heavy misfortunes,
but whom the coming Winter must find suffer
ing for many of the barest necessities of life.
To make their wants known in usual places of
relief is only to subject themselves to the added
misery of insult and neglect, so many apply
who are unworthy or more boldly clamourous
in their demands, that those,disbursing public
funds are obliged to tie very severe, and hedge
tneraselves in, by all manner of precautions,
against impositions. For instance, I found one
of my patients, a poor Welsh woman, in the
streets of the burnt district, with her babe, two
weeks old, and went with her and made ap
plication at the Relief Association for aid but
it was days before she got anything, and then
only a straw sack and one blanket for her
self and child. Again another poor woman,
i expecting daily to be brought to a sorrowful
illness, besought them for a bed, going every
i day for two weeks until worn out and well
nigh crazed she gave birth, in the midst of (he
i crowd, to her child then, of course, her wants
i were attended to. These are only instances.
I I could tell you many more, but I know you do
not need them to awaken sympathy in these
poor creatures. You cannot send amiss send
ail you can—anything, everything and may
God bless your efforts.”
j Another friend writes. “You ask what can
we send?”— why.blessyou! everything—noth
ing can come amiss from a cooking stove to a
hair pin. Some, indeed many of our folks will
1 be on their feet again very soon, but many
never. Think of the little children and invalids,
the women who are striving so bravely to help
1 and yet have not so much as a change of linen
or a needle and thread with which to darn tbe
rent in the borrowed garment with which they
i have shut out the searching mind
Shall I tax your space and time, my dear
Union by more If this will not waken some
slumbering sympathy all effort is in vain. Do
not let your readers urge "This was true last
month it is over now It is notover. Only last
Saturday night a letter‘from Dr. S. thanking
i us for a couple of boxes, sent, through us, from
the good women ol St. Michaels, Md., urged us
not to relax our efforts in their behalf and say
ing “as the Winter advances the sorrow and
desolation seems to multiply in spite of all the
help we can muster.”
Now, friends, mothers, sisters and wives,
fathers, husbands and brothers, of your abun
dance, or your little can you not spare a tithe
“Yon have your poor at home we Know it—
i so have we—bul, we krow from a blessed ex
pertenee, that an “earnest will makes an open
way!” Heaven bless your efforts; for surely
you will do something. “In Union there is
strength.” Join yourselves heart and hand,
make sewing circles, calico parties, tableaux,
charades, pillow-case parties, tea parties aud
1 oyster suppers; have a concert or private
theatricals —Towsontown ought to succeed in
any of these—and if, as some one has told us,
Mt. Washington young folks made with a
i musical entertaiument thirty dollars, Towson
town could at least double it. Do not be afraid
of doing too much—do all that you can and re
inember“lle who giveth quickly gives twice.”
Phoenix.
Highway Cattle.—Cattle in the highway
are beginning in many places to be regarded as
they oughtto be, with indignation. Eveninsotne
out-of-the-way points, cattle running at large
are prohibited Railroads have don- much in
keeping the country roads clear of them since
the courts have decided that the owners of such
cattle are liable for all the damages done to the
i trains.
A gentleman from a neighboring county
said to us tbe other day, “Why, I see all the
gaits along the highways are left open here,
and many of them lead directly into beautiful
lawns, flower borders, etc. Are you never
troubled with road cattle?” We told him they
•[were not allowed anywhere within the limit,
of tho county of Philadelphia lo run at large.
He was much 6truck with the fact, and said he
would get up a campaign in his own county
against the very worst and most outrageous
i nuisance farmers had to contend against and
thus far to submit to. “Why, sir,” continued
he. “the fear of the depredations of road cattle
prevents farmers at certain periods from sleep
mg of nights. They have actually to watch
i their crops all night, as these cattle are
usnally turned into the road again after being
milked.”— Germantown Telegraph.
i The Name “Pennsylvania.—The origin of
the name of the Pennsylvania, will be
j found in a letter of Wm. Penn, its founder, da
ted 1681, from which the following is an
extract:
“Thisday after many watchings, waitings,
j solicitiDgs and disputes in council, my country
has been confirmed to me under the great seal
of England, with large powers and privileges,
by the name of Pennsylvania—a name the
king would give it in honor of my father. I
chose New Wales, being a hilly country and
l when tho secretary, a Welshman, refused to
call it New Wales, I proposed Sylvania, and
they added Penn to it; though I was much op
posed to it, and went to the kiDg to have it
struck out. He said it was past and he would
i not take it upon him for I fear it might be
looked upon as a vanity in me, and not as a
respect in the king to my father, as it reallv
i was
—A clergyman, at Council Bluff, lowa, hs
swept away the old established rules of marrying
for a fee, and announces that he shall hereafter
marrv by weight, charging four ceme per pound
for the happy man, and two centa for tbe bride.
The idea is a novel one.
WHOLE MO-
Humorous Items.
“A little nonsense now and then.
Is relished by the wisest men.”
—To start a baulky mule, twist bis tail hard.
—lf all flesh is grass, is bay beef ala mowed?
—To remove stains from character—Get rich.
—lt is asserted that a great deal of the mischief
in the world has been wrought by homely women
—Early marriages and no divorce laws is the
right thing for women, says Mrs. Sarah Norton.
—A bad marriage is like an electric machine
it makes you dance, but you can’t let go.
—Eye-glasses are worn by young swells to let
people know that their eye are affected as well ae
tbeir brains.
—The latest style of veils worn with bonnets
are of plain black tulle, without a hem or trim
ming of any kind.
—The latest style of bridal veils are of while
figured Spanish lace, with wide hem edges with
narrow silk fringe.
—What would a pig do who wished to build
himself a habitation Tie a knot in bis tail, and
call it a pig's-tie.
—A Georgia negro fainted away and was re
stored to consciousness by a friend who bathed
his forehead with a buggy trace.
—Talk about close figuring, we know a man
who quarreled with his landlady when the da\
of reckoning came, tecause she would not deduct
anything on account of bis having lost two teeth.
—Horace Greeley is reported as authority for
the latest rule to Secure profit from poultry. It
it is dtstred to make them lay, he says, tie their
legs together, Hnd then they can't stand up.
Pink seems to tie the prevailing color in
feathers and ft users on black velvet bonnets this
season, and we wish some one would he inde
pendent enough to wear a different color.
—“John,” said a chockney lawyer to his sou,
“I see yon never will do tor an attorne' w>u
have no henergy.” “Excuse me, father, -aid
John, “wbat I want is some of your chick'n ir
—An Irishman’s plea—“ Are you guilty no
guilty asked the clerk of arraigns, to a p i-uni t
the other day. “An’ sure now," sail Put
“what are you put there for but tofind that o
—The editor of a country paper remarks that
half the people who attend musical entertainments
in his town “don't know the the differnce between
a symphony qud a sardine.”
—A pretty, rich young widow w 3 regarding
herself lately at a mirror in her chamber, while
for the first time trying on her widow's cap, “be
hold," she exclaimed, “the real cap of liberty."
—An Irishman who had blistered his fingers
by endeavoring to pull on a pair of boots, ex
claimed “I helavi I shall uiver get thim on un
til I wear thim a day or two."
—A Brooklyn husband who was kissing tbt
chambermaid a little, was surprised by bis wife,
but got off with only one black eye by quoting
Mrs. Slanton, who says “the freer the relations
between human beings the happier.”
—A guild of ladies is proposed in England,
under the leadership of Miss Harrison Swang.
Dorsetshire, “to promote modesty of dress, to do
away with extravagance, and su’stitute the neat
ness and sobriety suitable to Chri-tiao women.”
—A young married maa was remarking to
some ladies that it was always the women who
ran after the men, when his wife indignantly
said, “you kuow, my dear, I never ran after
you.” “That may be,” he replied, “hut you
look mighty good cure not to get out ofthe way
—A negro woman was relating her experience
to a gaping congregation of color, and among
other things she Slid she had been in heaven.—
One of the ladies asked her, “Sister, did you see
any blacks in heaven “Oh, git out I You
s' pose I go in the kitchen when I was dar.”
Young ladies at this season o f the year are
spending a gr- at deal of time in embroidering
slippers, smoking caps and cigar cases for their
gentlemen friends, under the impression that such
ptesents are very highly appreciated and valued
when received
—The inconsistency of woman shines forth
with great brilliancy in the case of the New Ha
ven girl who informed a young fellow that she
hated him with her whole heart and soul, and in
one hour thereafter sent him a note stating that
she would elope with him that night.
—A gentleman traveling homeward from At
lanta met an old colored man, on whose hat was
entwined with the crape of grief. Thegentleman
said, “Thou have lost some triend, I see.” “Yes,
massa.” “Wsa*it a gear or d Irion* rsUtive-?"
“Well, pretty distant—’bout twenty-four miles.”
—A Detroit negro prisoner on the wav to the
penitentiary for larceny, was asked what he
tboughtof bis trial. Hesaid “When dat lawyer
dat ’tended me made his speech, I thought shauh
I was gwine to take my ole hat an walk righ'
out ob dat co’t-roora but de odder lawyer got
up an commenced talking, and 1 new I was de
biggest rascal on top ob de earf.”
—The story is told of a negro who prayed
earnestly that he and his colored brethren might
be preserved from what he called their “upsettin’
sins.” “Brudder,” said one of his friends at the
close of the meeting, you ain’t got de hang o dat
arword. “It’siesettiu’, not upsettin’.” “Brnd
der,” replied the other, “if dat’s so it’s so But
I was praying de Lord to save us from de sin o'
intoxication, and if dat ain’t a upsettin’ sin, 1
dunno wbat am.”
—MirS De Ford, a lady of handsome presence,
will, they say. be one ol tbe most popular belles
of Baltimore tbis winter, although a formidable
rival exists in Miss Shriver, whose beautiful
golden hair elicits such warm admiration. Bal
tiroore, though, is full to repletion with beauties
some who entered last year or a year be'ore, but
who, so far from being faded, remind one of old
wine, which has toned into mellow beauty and
6parkles more brightly than ever before.
—The ladies have tuet with a severe check in
the enjoyment of a privilege that was strictly
theirs. A Philadelphia judge—who is probably
that “immemorial Philadelphia lawyer” promo
ted—has decided, wantonly aud cruelly decided
that a husband is not liable tor tbe milliner and
drygoods bill of bis wife. Tbe common notion
among trades-people that a husband is bound to
pay all bills contracted by the wife, he character
izes as “false and iollish,” and says, No such
monstrous doctrine is allowed in the law.” Not
withstanding these wild expressions, tbis decision
has been made in earnest, and will have its good
effect in many family circles What the law does
not provide for. smiles and cheetfulness and the
best good diuuers, certainly will. Men are not
so hard-hearted nor women so devoid of inven
tive uquius, that the law shall frustrate the wife
ly und'very proper ambition of gratifying a re
fined taste, sr;d doing what all women have done
Bince Eve ate the apple—dress to the best of their
ability.
The Chicago papers warn persons against
‘hurnt out dead-beats, who are trying to make
‘money by exaggerating their losses by fire, i’
is hard to distinguish them troin the honest
supplicants for help.” One exaggerated case
in particular is mentioned. It is that of a reli
gious, newspaper run by several private indi
vidualg, wlttch x before the fire did not own a
press or any printing material whatever, but
had its printiug and publication done by a
separate concern, as any business man would
procure his handbills and circulars But when
the fire swept by leaving them poor as it found
them, but none the poorer, one of the proprie
tors started for the East, and by dint of per
sistent misrepresentations, has raised money
enough to buy a new Hoe press and type of his
paper. The children of God can come in n
guise and on no mission, but Satan comes also.
Bovs, Read This.—A boy was tempted by
some of his companions to pluck ripe cherries
from a tree which his father had forbidden
him to touch. “Yon need not bo afraid,” said
on* of hiscompanions, "for if yonrfather should
find out that you had taken them he is so kind
that he would not hurt you "That is the
very reason,” replied the boy, “why I would
not touch them. It is true my father would
not hurt me. yet my disobedience I know would
hurt my father, and that would be worse to me
than anything else.” A boy who grows up
with such principles will be a man in the best
sense of the word. It betrays a regard for rec
itudn that would render him trustworthy under
every trial.
A Chicago lover went to visit hts girl one
evening recently, but for some reason, possibly
that the fire had materially chanced his condi
tion in life, she received and treated him coolly.
He remained standing in the parlor a few mo
meuts, but finally made a movement towftrd the
door, remarking that “he guessed he'd go."
“Oh I" said she, starting from a beautiful condi
tion of semi-unconsciousness, “won’* von take a
chair?” “Well, I don’t care it 1 do. was his re
ply aud he took the chair, thanking ber kind
ly, and carried it home. lie savs it is a good
chair, made of walnut, with stuffing, and green
cover—just what he wanted But he is down on
that girl—and declares he wouldn't marry her—
not if Iter father owned a brewery.
Advice from Josh Billings tew Yung Klebgv
men—Don’t preach the gosple for less than SBSO
a year, salary payable quarterl'- in advance.
A congregashun who kant afford tew pay §BSO
a year, want a missionary more than they do a
klergyman.
Be sure you run the church don’t let the
church run you.
Az I sed up at tbe top, get z much ov your
salerv az possible in advance, for I don’t kno uv
enny det so bard to kollect as a
after it ones gits kold
BALTIMORE COUNTY UNION,
PUBLISHED WBBZLT BV
LONGNECKER BROTHERS,
AT
sl.soper Annum, in Advance.
JOB WORK.—Having one of Hoe’s best power pvst
ses. and also on* of Deginer k Weller’s “Liberty
presses, with our other facilities, we are prepared te
execute JOB WORK of every description as well, and
probably cheaper than can be done in tbe city.
HAMDBILLS Particular attention paid to printing
Handbills and Posisbs of all sizes andityles st short
notice.
Miscellaneous.
Charles W. Hatter,
Wholesale and Retail
ConfectiojtarY
AND
FRUIT STORE;
A.T THE OLD STAND,
NO. 133 N. GAY ST.,
BALTIMORE.
ORDERS FROM THE COUNTRY
FILLED PROMPTLY,
ANI) AT THE LOWEST PRICES.
STORE-K REFERS
WILL FIND IT TO THEIR ADVANTAGE
TO CALL.
WEDDINGS AND PARTIES
In tiie Country, a Specialty.
Oct. 7.—6 m.
,\oah Walker Co.
THE CELEBRATED
CLOTHIERS
OP BALTIMORE,
Anuounce the introduction of a piau of order
ing CLOTHING AND UNDERWARE,
B'ST LETTER,
To which they call your special attention.—
They wifi send, on application, their
improved and accurate
RULES FOR SELF-MEASUREMENT,
And a full line of samples from their immense
stock ol Cloths, Cassimeres, Coating, Shirtings,
Ac. thus enabling parties in any part of the
country to order their Clothing and Shirts di
rect from them, with the certainty of receiving
garments ol the vert/ Latent Style and most Per
fect Pit attainable.
ordered will be sent by Express
to any part of the country.
As is well known throughout the Southern
States they have for FORTY-THREE YEARS
EXCELLED in all departments ot their busi
uess, which is a substantial guarantee astothe
characer of the goods they will send out.
A LARGE A WELL-ASSORTED STOCK OF
READY-MADE CLOTHING
Always on hand, together with a full line of
FURNISHING GOODS, including all tbe lateßt
Novelties in Design, and at popular prices.
When goods are sent per express C. 0. D.,
there will be no collection charge on amounts
oi S2O and over.
Rules for self-measurement.samplesof goods
and price likt sent free on application.
The attention of the trade is invited to our
WHOLESALE DEPARTMENT, which is al
wavs kepi Ibp t toe ifigest standard.
NOAH WALKER CO.,
Manufacturers and Dealers in
Men’s and Buy’s Clothing and Furnish,
ing Goods,
Either Ready-Made or Made to Order,
Nos. 165 and 167 Baltimore Stree%
BALTIMORE, Md.
Jan. 1,1871.—iv-
DIAMONDS.
STERLING SILVERWARE,
OF NEW AND TASTEFUL DE
SIGN AND FINISH.
ALSO,
CHOICE ARTICLES
FOR
WEDDING PRESENTS
AND
RICH FANCY GOODS,
AT YEKY LOW PRICES.
Canfield, Bros. Co.,
No. 229 Baltimore Street, Baltimore.
April 8,1871.— 1 y.
MQQldi O t
No. 13 South Holliday Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.,
MANUFACTURERS OF
Machine, Signal and Lubricating
OILS
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.
ALSO, AGENTS OF LYNN’S CELEBRATED
CUMBERLAND CEMENT.
KEEP CONSTANTLY ON HAND
CEMENT OF ALL GRADES.
QUICK OR SLOW SETTING CEMENT.
SUITED TO ALL WORK.
NICOLAI A CO.,
No. 13 S. Holliday St., Baltimore.
March 25, 1871.—1 y.
STEREOSCOPES,
VIEWS,
ALBUMS,
CHROMOS, 4
FRAMES,#
E. A H. T. ANTHONY CO.,
591 Broadway. New York,
Invite the attention of the Tradetotheir exten
sive assortment of the above goods, of their own
publication, manufacture and impo fatiori. Also,
PHOTO LANTERN*SLIDES
and
GRAPHOSCOPEB.
NEW VIEWS OF YOSEMITE.
E. H. T. ANTHONY CO.,
591 Broadway, New York
Opposite Metropolitan Hotel.
Importers and Manufacturers of
Photographic Materials.
March 4. Ib7l. ly.
J. A 1. EX* PARLETT
BLACKKMTH,
Carriage Manufacturer, <£e.,
TOWSONTOWN, Mb.
Carriages, buggies,
JAGGER WAGONS,
And everything in btsline. executed in as good
style as can be Hone in the city, and ob the
most reasonable terras. An axaminatioa of hi*
work is solicited.
gs-AH kinds of BLACKBMITH WORK
done as heretofore.
SHOP S—York Road, above Ady’s Hotei
Towsontown, formerly occupied by Sheridan,
and Hagba. (Kay It.— tf.