EVENING STAR
r>IP4T? lovemfcw 17. 1BT1
Local news.
nafat*. Ac., T?-?l*h?.
JTaiitiuil TktaUr?Parepa-RoeaOpera Troupe
In -'Maritana"
Wall's Op*m IToutt.?Johnny Thompson, "On
Hand.''
The District LI<?mc Law.
HiPiA'i cru aseoe rtiDiiiciiathav?
J V Mil Ht'MPRRBTS REEl'SB* TO DI*
Illini THE PRMOSKR.
To-?'ay. at noon, tbe habeas corpus case of
Frederick Htvouui, committed to jail a week
since by tbe Policc Court, in default of payment
of a tine ot 9250. be having been adjudged guilty
?f violating tbe license act tn selling goods with
out a license and being a non-resident, was taken
?p before .Fudge Humphreys in chamber!*.
Messrs. B. H. Webb and F. J*. Miller appeared
for the petitioner, and Messrs. W. A. Cook and
D. E ah ill for tbe government. The petitioner
first read tbe paper*, and made the points that
tbe Police Coart had no power to commk for an
indefinite period; that there wan not sufficient
evidence on which to convict; and that be (Hay
man a a* tbe victim of a conspiracy, by which
?b? -half of tbe finea were to have been divided.
Mr. Webb contended that there was no law au
tb< rizing committal to jail for non-payment
of fines.
The government, in answer, submitted sec
tions 4 and Dof tbe act ot' Augiwi 23d last, as also
tbe la*t section in said act, which provide* for
continuing laws of the corporations in force.
Mr. Cook argued that und? r the act of 1MI the
impri?onm> nt for penalties under corporation
U*k was continued, while the imprisonment for
debt was abolished.
Jutfge Humphreys said that he could not dis
charge the prisoner, and wnntnl U> Mr. Webb
that Tf be felt aggrieved he should appeal regu
larly. that a jury could act on the c ase.
Mr. W? bb a?ked if the prisoner was to lie in
jail for life, and raised the |>oint that in other
acts tbe punishment wri a line and imprisonr
m*nt. bnt in Alt case fine only was mentioned.
Judge Humphreys suggested again thatacase
involving such points ought to be acted on by
tbe conrf. and suggested that an appeal be en
tered in tbe Police Conrt. but if tbe connsel de
sired it be would hold the case un?ler advis<?
?i tit until Tuesday next, ami the pet.tioner was
continued under bonds.
4'loslag geMiensef the I n1 on Mnnday
Nrlioel Contention
Yesterday afternoon the bn?ine*e committee
reported a series of resolution* declaring that
tbe sanctity of theSabbatli should be maintained,
urging the'formation of adult classes; enjoining
tt as b dntv to contribute to the Maryland State
Bible Society; recommending that weekly
teachers' meetings be held, that tbe executive
committee be empowered to make all prelimin
nsrv arrangements for the next convention;
urging that schools be maintained in winter as
well as summer; urging the Importance of county
?funlav School conventions; forming a temper- I
aBce organization in each school; and appoint
ing D. A. Burr and W. A. Baker to prepare sta-
t.-ucs of tbe Sunday school work. Tbe reaolu- J
Uorsjrere adopted.
Mr. Griffith ottered a resolution requesting
that collections be taken up in the schools to
aid tbe I'nioai; which was adopted.
Mr. Janiver ottered a resolution "that this J
convention earnestly recommend each superin
tendent and teacher connected with the Sab
bath Schools of the State of Maryland and Dis
trict ef Columbia to carefully and eonctenti
ously consider tbe influence tobacco has upon
tlitlr children;" a<lopted.
At tbe evening session several addresses were
delivered, and the usual resolutions of thanks
adapted. after which the convention adjourned
to meet next year in Frederick. M?l.

KKrrBJ.ICAS RATIFICATION Me?TIS(*S
Tbe republicans of tbe second district held a
mass meeting last night at Piney Branch ware
bouse. for the rmrjiose of ratifying the nomina
tion of J. T. H. Hall, their cantlidate for the
House of Delegates. Mr. A. L. Sturtevant pre
sided. and resolutions were a lopted indorsing
tbe loan. Gov. Cooke and the Board of Public
Works. Gen. Chipman, and the course of Major
Mall In the legislature, bis conduct in the pree
ent campaign, and ratifying hi* nomination at
tbe primary elections. Addresses were made bv
Col. J. A. Magruder, Dr. J. H. Thompson, H.
C. Harmon. 8. P. Brown, J. W. Baker, B. P.
Davis. J. W. Harry, Lemuel Johnson, B. D.
Carpenter, J. T. M. Hail, and Benjamin Green.
A mass meetingof the republicans of the ninth
and tenth district.* was held tn Union Hall last
evening, to ratify the nominations of Messrs.
Piper and Le Barnes for the House of Dele
gates. Mr. A. 8. Solomons presided, and said
be was glad that they had placed in nomination
as bis successor Henrv A. Piper, a young mtn
who would be true to them and their trusts. He
felt assured tbat the men who vote against the
loan bill will, in a few years, feel ashamed of
themselves for their action. He predicted that
the loan would be carried by a large majority.
Addresses were then made bv Messrs. A. K.
Biowne. F. A. Bos well, Henry Piper, J. W. Lc
Barnes, Gen. N. P. Chipman, Peter Campbell.
J, 11.15rooks, Martin Cronln, J. A. Bayly, and
others. Mr. Bavly, who was a candidate tor the
uominat-'on in the ninth district, it will be re
membered. promised his earnest support to tbe
tomiBee, Mr. Piper.

Tri Board or Prune WoRRshave directed
the superintendent of streets to have the pump 1
removed and well filled up at the corner of K
and 15th streets. Tbe Water Registrar has been
directed to have hydrants erected on C. between
14th and 15th street northeast, corner of 6th and
streets northwest; corner of 4 v and G streets j
southwest; corner of nth and E streets south
w* st; corner of 1?*th and E streets southwest,
corner of stb and G street southwest; comer f.th 1
and D streets southwest, and corner of 6th and
G Greets southwest. The superintendent ot
streets has been directed to have the pump on j
Itth street, between Massachusetts aveuue and
O streets put in repair.
e
Srst>ATSchool Cosvrrtiox M. E. CnrnrH
South The annual convention of the Sunday I
School Society of the Baltimore Conference
Methodist Episcopal Church South met in the
Washington street church, Alexandria, Va..
pursuant to the call, yesterday afternoon with
over sixtv delegates present., among whom are
-known divines and lavmeu from all parts
of the conference limits. Com mi tees were ap
pointed. an l the work arranged so that the con
vention could proceed regularly to discuss the
subject of Sunday Schools and their more
efficient management.
Tub Schiller Clcb gave an entertainm >nt
Jot which private theatricals was the principal
eaturei on Wednesday evening at the residence
of Mrs. Green, on K street. The programme i
pri i d an attractive one. and we* capitally sus- f
tained. There was music, vocal and in*tra-
BBrtital. recitations of poem* in (i. rm.n ri'
English. acting in costume three scene* from
Mary Stuart, which were remarkably well done, j
and an hour Of dancing to close with.

Annt?T or a Baltimore Btrolait.?On
Wednesday last. Major Rl -hard* received i dis
patch from Baltimore to arrest Billy Burrli,
alia* Connell. B notorious l nrg'iar. Soon after-
he wa* taken in custody by Detective
Mchlfresb and lodged at headquarters, and yea-
terdav wa* turned over to Detective Joseph
Mitchell, of that city, and tak*n to Baltimore
on a requisition of the <",.>v?rnor of Maryland, to
answer the charge of burg'ary, committed some
t me .l?0.

Thi St iMMNf s<xiett have elected the
fallowing officers for the ensuing year:?Presi
dent. G< n. Oca. W. liBwifc; tir>t vice] pari leaft,
Wm. Saunders; second vi.-o president, Jamea
11 Id; treasurer. Alex. Gardner: so-reTarv..I..h::
II. Berrj; chaplain. Rev. J. E. Rankin. D. I>.:
masiagei*. John Gibson, Wm. Mairhead, .lohn
.l:im?sK Kerr. I W. Beveridge and
Wm H Sn.ith. Tbe annual banquet of the so
ciety takes place on the ev ning of the 30th
instant.
Real Estate Sales?W. L. Wall Co..
auctioneers, sold last evening, pirt of lot 15. in
square 117, fronting 12 feet on Jl'th street west,
between L and M streets, to Samuel Stott, for
*340
I.atimer ("leary, auctioneers, sold last eve
ning. the south 25 feet front by 68 deep, of the
lot known a* lot S3, in Wiltberger s subdivision
of square 442, to Herman Gasch, for gCjO.
Fresh Reaotwo.?From J. C. Parker we
have Uarjtrr'i Mvgnztn* for December; and the
National News Company the same and K<-ety
fatu 'day for November 25th, and the Caaailian
Hhu*mtt4 Srtct for November 4th; from J.
Sbilliiigton we have Uarytr'i Madonna and
Madame Demorasta Mirror if Patkum* Co l
December, the Nm&m for November 16th, and
?ttry Saturday for November 29th.
D?. Loan, the friend of Daniel Webeter, will
lecture on tbe great expounder of the Constitu
tion, at Lincoln Hall to-night. This is the fourth
lecture of the Y. M. C- A. Scientific Course
and Dr. Lord, himself a lisUnguishad author
and orator, having beea on the moat intimate
term* with the great statesman, aU who attend
Buy expect a literary treat. It will doubtl*** be
one of the moet mteraati ng lecture# of the course.
SEBiors AcciDCTT.^bont 12 o'clock to-day,
_? Messrs. W M Pampbrey and B. H Warner
were riding in a buggy together on 6th street,
near G.tbe horse became unmanageable and
ran away, throwing Mr. Pumphrey oat, break
ing bis ankle, aad Mr. Warner was dragged for
some distance, braising him badly.

Extzbsivb Salb.?Tbe sale at Savage's will
be resumed to-morrow morning, when tne most
valuable goods are to be sold. Tl is sale offer* a
rare chance to the trade and public generally.
as the goods are sold without reserve. We uh
dersrat.d tbat tbe sale will be continued morn*
in* and evening tbe coming week.

Tm Markrt Horse?Mr. Jerome Deggs.
has been awarded the contract for finishing the
?Kb street wing of the Center Market, and will
on Mondav morning commence the rebuilding
ol the wall blown down on Wednesday.
t LcraK
The work on the 3d street sewer, from E to I
street, *u completed yesterday.
The treasurer of the Chicag" Relief Commit
tee acknowledge* the receipt of #150 from the
Olympic Bat-Ball tub.
1 he Trtasurtr ol the District is to-day paying
off theMilarii s of the clerks in several District
offices.
The solicitor of the Treasury advertises the
residence of defaulting PlymvVr Hodge lor
sa> at auction on the 13th of February, for th?
benefit ol the gomaacBt.
It is Charles Barker, and not Charles Baker,
who has been appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior one ot the Fire Commissioner)! of the
District of Columbia.
The Board of Public Works have ordered the
Superintendent of Sewers to see that the sewers
now in progress are completed as soon as po*si
ble.
The west gate of the Capitol grounds is closed
at 10 o'clock p. m while the ea?t gate is never
closed; so that person* going from east to west
often have to retrace their step* through the en
tire grounds. This should be remedied.
As soen as the new pavement on Pennsylvania
avenue, between 15tb and 17th street", is laid,
the contractor. Mr. J. O. Evans, will take up the
cobble atones between the street car track* and
proceed to lay the concrete pavement In their
place. But one track will be paved at a time.
In order that travel may not be entirely sus
pended.
Washington, November lTth, 1>C1 F.Ktnr
Kreninfi Star In order not to be misunderstood,
I desire to p'ace myaelf fairlv and uninistake
able ujon r?cord a* being in favor of the four
million loan, the comprehensive plan of im
t'rovenit nts a<ioptc?i by the Board of Public
Works, and of improvements generally. Very
respect! uily, Hknrv Piper,
Ninth District.

THE COl'RTM.
CIRCUIT COCKT, Ji-ritt .WarArthur?'Th? esse
f Mt.lt ss. Little ?nd Lltile vs. Stott was rosnra d
t? -day.
FOLIC* COCRT. To day. Judge SaeW.?Perry
Carton, charged with uuUwfal ?s* mhl in front ol
the lM >rri#fii ItniMine, on tH street. OtBoer
lnu-Di. r. testified tltat be had orders to keep the
sidewalk clear of f?fem and disorderly persons,
tbat he<('ariM>n) ?ith a crowd witha crowd were
congregated th^re. and on being rean?*t?d to leave,
be tuaulted him i I'in-niore) and told him th tt he
wa* not atier ding to his business; lined -54 Oeorgf
W Go? dall, chargtd with neglecting to make safe
an excavation on the street, Sued )t Minni- La g
d<n. charged with profanity on the street; fined $3.
Idward Owen?. siune offence; fined 9-1. Frank P.
Perry, charged with profanity on the at reet; fined 89.
Also, charged with assanlt on Officer Connell and
r> a'atinn him: fined 95 at d costs?appealed. Samuel
Parker, chsrged with assault and batter, on
Edward O'Cotinor; fln-.d $i and 'coat. Mirtha
<'srr<dl. charged with the larceny of a piece of
coral, foar towels, two satic< ra, one tea cup
and ens bread pan, in all valued at the
*renerty?f Mary Anth >ny. Complaining witness
testified that the articles were taken out of her
hens* by the accused, atd that witness f>und th-m
in her poawssion. This seemed to bo a petty neigh
tw'rb' <d unplesaantnese between two well kD iwn
and highly respectable families in the First Ward.
Col. Moah. counsel for accused .raised the point that
the charge ahonld b?ve been bri tight against Hr.
Carroll, the articles being found In his house, and
n?t agNinst the wife. Then- wan no testimony to
prove the charge, and the court dismissed the case.
GEORGETOWN.
Repair of tbi Caxaj-?President Clarke,
of the t hesapeake and Ohio canal, gives notice
that tlie water will be dmwn ott toe canal on
Wednesdav, the 20th ib?v of December, through
out the line, in order to make the necessary
winter repairs. Since the l>t instant 4'J5 loaded
boats have arrived at the Collector's office. Of
this number !>8 arrived this week.
Fuhr Shipments 1,500 barrels of flour
were shipped by our city millers to-day; 1,000
went to New York, 450 to Boston and Norfolk,
and 50 to Baltimore.
Tki Wheat Market?Hartley Brother
sold 2,000 bushels of red wheat this' morning, at
Pl.t-6 per bikdiel. George Waters has sold 3,300
bushels at the same p rice.
The Coal Trade?The receipts and ship
ments of the different coal companies tor this
week, estimating to-morrow, are as follows:?
Borden Mining Company, receipts 2,H4o ton*,
shipments 3,000 tons; Agnew's wharf, receipts
1.3M tons, shipments l,ooo tons; Kay's docks,
receipts 3,PT3 tons, shipments 5.530 tons; Con
solidation Company, receipts 7,377 tons, and
shipments 7,321 tons. Total reoeipts, 15,190 tons,
and total shipments, lb,Ml tons. The coal trade
has been brisker this week titan last, for the
reason that there have been more schooners in
ptrL Quite a large number of vessels are de
layed in the river below by strong head wlmls.
Dp.over#' Rest.?The cattle market this week
was brisker than last. A boat 500 cattle were
offered, stock cattle selling at from #2.75 to
83.25, and beef cattle from *3 75 to 95.75.
About 1,200 sheep and lamba were offered; tell
ing prices of the former from 4 to 5 cents per
found, and the latter from 93 to 94 per head. A
few co*s and calves were offered acd sold at
fri mP30to 960. About 50 cattle anaiooshcqp
were left over. No hogs offered.
CITY ITEMsi
Bots' Ovkrooatr,
Boys' Overcoats,
Boys' Overcoats,
all sizes and styles, at
Hable Brothers',
N W. corner 7th and D streets.
For a* Irritatbp Throat, Cocgh or
Cold, '"Brvvm't Bmnrkial Trocket" are offered
with the fullest confidence in their efficace.
They maintain the good reputation they have
justlv acquired. 3

Boys' Clothing,
Boys' Clothing,
Boys' Clothing.
A large assortment just received at
If a rlk Brothers'
N. W. corner 7th and D streets.

Overcoats anl> Glknoarik* is
Beaver,
Chinchilla,
Ker??y,
Melton.
16,5 Eimui ?v Br.o., 505 7th street.
Nfcw 8tore and New Prices?The latest
Novelties in Scarfs, Bowa and Ties, at very low
prices, just received at
Price's Gent's Furnishings Depot,
413 7th street, between D and E.

Observe Caretcllt.
M. D. Frank ?S Co.,
TV Original Hattert,
Late of Pennsylvania avenue,
Are to be found in the Slav Building.5t?3 7th st.,
opi>os>te General Post Office. Take notice of
name and number.
N- B?No connection with anv other firm, tf

Wlit-he is Franc,
thk Hatter?
At 433 7th street,
next door to the Original Franc's.
He keeps all ot the latest styles of
Hats, Caps. StC.,
and sells them at a lower figure than anywhere
else in town. Call and see for yourself. tr

Himan Hair in Switches, Corisand Braid*,
new styles just received, at C. Haunt's Hair
Depot, 408 7th street,
Dollar Kid Glove Dei.ot tor ladles, cent's,
misses and chiblren at C Baum's Corset Facto
ry. 4fl.S 7th street. Don't mistake the uaute or
number.
Abdominal Corsets, in white and drab, al
sizes on hand and made to order, at B tuin's
Corset aud Hooiwkirt Factory. Dont mi.?u?ke
the name or number.
Figures Will Not Lie!
JJjw Large Fortunes Are Minlt.
FACTS FOR THK PEOPLE.
See the prices at which four of th'. leading
Sewing Machines are sold in the United States
aud England:
Priet in England. In Ike U. S.
Wheeler Wilson. 945 00 985 00
New Singer 32 50 65 01)
Elias Howe 35 00 65 00
Wilson Shuttle 40 00 45 00
The above prices are for exactly the same
classes of machines as sold in both countries.
There is scarcely any difference la the coot of
material and labor la any of the above-named
machines.
Am*arit.?'W. G. Wilson, President of the
Wilson Sewing Machine Co., personally ap
peared before me, and made oath that the above
prices are correct and taken by him from cir
culars published in the United states and Eng
land under the corporate names of the com
panies manufacturing said machines.
Fuo. Smith,
Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas
of Cuyahoga Co., O.
Th* Wilson Sewing Machines an for sale at
A. KofliiTHiL,401 7th street.
Terms easy.
Noticb to thk PrsLic,?I. Becker A Oe.
successor to P. Wallach. dealer in .nen's,youths'
and boys clothing, have received en entire new
stock of gwxls, which they are selling at the
lowest market price. Those In want of clothing
or rent's turnlning goods, would do well to call
-and examine their good? before purchasing
elsewhere. 1. Bbckbr Co.,
Odeon Hall, corner 4^ street and Pa. are.
Hbmflkr has all kinds of thermometers and
barometor*.
Coin, Ac.?l>r. White, ctilrepodist, No. 9M
10th street, opposite Treasury, Washington, and
Ho. T North Charles street, Baltimore, success
fully treats Corns, Bunions, lurrowini Nails.
9c., without pain.
Gom a Patent smacrm Gas aid
Lamp Shadbs will save one-half of the quan
tity of gas or eoal oil consumed without the use
of them. They are cheap and durable. A. Ro
senthal No. 4t>4 7th street, is the agent for them,
and also for Goets's Double-cone Chandelier
Reflectors, and the Diamond Diffusive Daylight
Reflectors.
Hosikrt Dktot Tor ladies, cent's, misses, and
children at C. Baum's, 4?W7th street- Ten [>er
cent, oft bv the Lalf dozen. The largest assort
ment of Balbri^ans.
&I
m S
orririAL.
EiEcrrtY* Owe*,
PllTllCT Of COLCBIUi
Washington, November 6tb, 18T1.
I, Henry P. C?vke. G-vernor of the Di?trtc? of Co
iunbia. hereby give notice that a general*e'?i{<r?
wilibeheld Ui Distric* oni the fourth WED
NASDAT (the twenty second day) of Hov?nber.
liCi between tar b-urs of eight e clot^ V"?.
IfTfo o'clock p III of iwd A of
LIT IW" m* inhere of the H'useof
mid District; one for Delegate District u
cr. at. d bt an Id of the Leglslative Assembly of mM
li-trkt of Columbia. entitled "An act the
District of Colunibii into election districts, 'P"
proved Aagnet J3. 1871, "awl as hereinafter de
scribed. to bold their respective o?<*es for on? year
fr> n. the twentieth d*J of Aprils MVS. Aoi 1^*1
i agi eeably to an act entitled An act regulatiM the
Yixldn.it of general elections in the District of Colum
bia and pro*icing for ascertaining the MUltt there
of, aid for notifv ing person# who may fee *lerted to
any iflicr in Mid District." appr?.?ed Augustn.UJTl,
Ibav* designated the fellow in* place# in Mid delegate
dittrict* ih?- places for hwlulna the eltctiooi there
in on Mid day and between aaul hours lor the elec
tii r. of members of the House of Delegate* a? afore
Mid, \ut:
FIRST DISTRICT
Include* all that part of the count* of Washington
1) ing east of Lincoln avenue and Biwkor Hill roid.
at Fort Bunker Hill
FIR8T PRECINCT.
The registered voters of the First District reel ling
in that part of Mid district lying between Lincoln
av?n< e *nd Bunker Hill road and ths Anaoostia
rher will vote at the corner Benning's Bridge Hood
aid Boundary street, at hou?e of Geo. R. Holland.
HF.COND PRECINCT.
The registered voters of tho First District residing
in that pert of ?aid district lying fait of the Anac >s
tia river. hose names begin ith tlie Setters A, B,
r, D E. F. G ?c?l H,w;U vote at Robert Martin i
Hotel, luiontown.
Third Precinct.
Tl:e registered voter* of the First District residing
in that ?ari of said district lying <-??t of the Anac>*
11a ri* er,? hose name* begin wit li th? letters 1, J K
L. M.K.O, P,Q. K, *,T,L',V,W, X, K,Z,will vote
at LtViluiiishop, Uniontowu.
(EOOKP DISTRICT
Iich.desaLl that part ol the county of Washington
1) tlM v>. slof Lincoln aveuue and Bunker Hill road.
First Pbkciki t.
The registered voters ?f the Second District rs
sidii.gin that psrf of said di?trict lviugeast of Rock
l'rt-?-k. h'we n? m e? begin with the le ters A, B.C.
D, A F.G.ll I, J, will vote at the lower Seventh
street toll gate.
Second Precinct.
The registered votei of the Stcoad District re>iding
In that part of Mid district lying east of R ?i Creek,
whose mimes beglu with th- l?tters K, L. X. N. 0,
g. P, R. S, T,U. V, W. X. Y Z. will toMi at the
lower Seventh street toll gate
Thud Precinct.
*lhe registered voters of the >econd District re
siding in thai part of said district lying west of R >cB
Cre? k will vote at Harry's carpenter ?b p, Teautu
lytown.
THIRD DISTRICT
Includes all that part of the city of 0?org?town
1) it g west of High street.
Fibst Pbetikct.
Tbe registered voters *f the Third District whose
nam< s begin with th? r? A. B. C, D. it, r. U, rt,
I. J, K will vote at No 59 Markeutreet, iti Uooi g?
tlWD.l). C.
Srcown pR^furT.
The registered voters of the Third D'Steirt whose
nnnie? begin with the letters L, M. If, O. P. Q R, S,
T.l V. W. X. T.Z will vote at Jfo. I"90 Bridge
street, in Georgetown, D. C.
FOCRTU DISTRICT
lt.clodee all that part of the city of Georgetown
lying east of High street.
Fibst Pbwixct.
The registered voters of the Fourth District whose
names bigin with the letters A. B, C, D- F,G. H
will vote at No. A1 Congress strcjl, iu Oeor^etvwn,
D C.
Second PRecttCT.
The registered votersoftLe Fourth Distnat, whose
nsmes begin with the letters I J.K.L.M. V, O, P.
U. R,S, T, D, V, NT, X, Y, Z, will vote at No. lib
L'ongreaa street.
FIFTH DISTRICT
Includes all that part of the city of Washington lying
west of Twenty first street.
Fibst Pbkcisct.
The registered voters of the Fifth District wh ?sr
u'nues begin with the letters A, B. C, D. E, F,G,
will vote at th? corker of Tweuty-secuud and I
streets ncrthwest.
?Bto*D Precikct.
The registered voters of the Fifth District whose
came* begin with tbe letter* H. I, J, K, ti. M, will
vote at the corner of Taonty second and I streets
northwest.
Thtbd PBECixrr.
Tlie registered voters of the Fifth District whose
nsmes begin with the letters N, O, P, y, R. 8. T. U,
T,W, X. T.Z.will vote at the corner ot Tweuty
set end and 1 streets northwest.
SIXTH DISTRICT m
Includes *11 that part of the city of Washington
lyitg south of II street north, between Eighteenth
and Twenty first streetn west, and south of K street
north, between Fifu-enth *nd Eighteenth streeu
west. _
First Preciuct.
Tbe registered voters of the Sixth District whose
names begin with the lMters A, B, 0. D. E, f. G. H,
I, J, will vote at the school bouse on the southeast
corner of H and Nineteenth streets northwest.
Secojuj Prkcijtct.
The registered \oters of th3 Sixth District who??
uaa.es begin with the letters K. L, M. N. O. P. Q,
R. S, T. ITj V. W, X, Y. Z, will vote at the school
b< use oti tlie ?ottU?-Mt corner of tl aud Niueteouth
streets northwest.
SEVENTH DISTRICT wi
Includes all that part of the city of Washing
t n lyine within the following bounds Oomm-nc
i> g at K street north and runuing up Filteenth
street west to N strw t north thence ?ast ou N street
north to Fourtoetilh street west; thence up Four
teenth street west to Botxi.dary; th?nce along Bjund
r> street to Twenty first street west; thence down
Twenty first street west to M street north; thence
along M street north to Eighteenth street west, aijd
down Eighteenth street wost to K street north;
theucc along K street north to Fifteenth str.et west.
First Prkciisct.
The registered voters of the Seventh DUtrict
whose nsmes begin with the letters A, B, C,D, will
vote at Becket s wood yard, on M street, between
16 h snd 17th streets northwest
Secosd PMtlWT.
The registered voters of the Seventh District whose
nam* bfgin with th^ lettew will Tote
at corner of Sixteenth and M streets northwest.
Third Prrcisct.
The registered voter* of th'j Serenth District
wl.ose names begin with the letteis I, J. K.L. M.
N.O. P.V B. will vote at corner Sixteenth and M
street noithwest.
FOCRTH PRECIJtCT.
The registered voters of the Sev#n*h DUtriet
u hose immes begins with tbe letters h, T, U. V, W,
X, Y, Z. will vota at corner Sixteenth aud
streets northwest.
EIGHTH DISTRICT
Includes all that part of the city of Washington lying
within the following bounds: Commencing at N itreet
north aud running up Fourteenth street wast to
Boundary; thence along Boundary to Sixth street
west: the DC* down Sixth street west to Rhode Island
aven'ne; thence along Rh'vle Island avenue to Sev
enth street west; thence down Seventh street west to
0 street north; thence along O street north to
Eleventh *tre?t west; thence down Eleventh street
west to N street north; and along N straot north to
Fourteenth street west.
First Prrcpict.
Tbe registered voters of the Eighth pis rict wb'??e
names begin with the letters A, B, C. D. E, F, wul
vote at northeast corner of Eleventh and Q streets,
N. W.
Second Precinct.
Tbe registered voters of the Eighth District waose
nanesbegin with the letter* G. H, I. J, K, L, J,
0.will vote at Eleventh street, between Q and K.
N W
Third Prf.cinct.
The registered voters of the EUhth district whose
tiHn.es begin with the letters P Q. R, S. T U, V, W,
X Y Z will vote at G street, between Eleventh and
Twelfth streets. N. W.
NINTH Dlt-TRICT
Include- all thst part f the city of Washington ly
ing between G street n >rtli and N street north, and
between Eleventh sireet west and Fifteenth street
west. _
Tirst Precinct.
The registered voters of the Ninth District whose
names begin with the letters A, B, I>. E. F.??, H.
1 I will vole at Union Hall, on Fourteenth street
between G street andN<w York aveuue northwest.
Second Precinct.
The registered voters of the Njnth district whose
t ami 1*12111 with the letters K, I#, M N. O, P. U.
R. 8. T. U. V, \V, X. Y. Z will vote a; lnj?n H?U,
ou Utb street, between G street aud Ni;W Iork avg
nue, northwest.
TENTH DISTRICT
Includes all thai part of the city of Washington
l\ ing between G street north and the canal, and b?
tween Eleventh and Fifteenth streets west.
First Phecinct.
The registered voters of the Tenth District, whose
names begin wiih the letters A. B. D, E, F, G, 8,
1. J K, will vote at bouse No 12i9 E street north
Second Precinct.
The registered voters of the Tenth District, whose
names begin with the letters li, M? H, O, P? U, B, d,
T, U. V. W X, Y, Z, will *?te at Greason Houae,
northwest corner thirteenth and E streets.
ELEVENTH DISTRICT
Includes all that part of the city of Washington
lying south of the canal and west ot Eighth street
*r,t" First Precinct.
The registered vetere of the Eleventh District
whose utimes begin with tbe letters A. B,OvD,
F.G.H, 1, J, wim vote at southwest corner Mary
land aveuue and Eleventh street southw?-it.
Second Precinct.
The registered voters of tbe Eleventh District
wbose names begin with the letters K, L. M, kip,
P <Tm.8, T.U,\. W, X, T. Z. wtlljrou at aouth
southwest. TWELFTH DISTRICT
Includes all that part of the city of Washington
lying between G street north and the canal, aad
between Sixth street wsat and Eleventh street weet.
First Prxci?ct.
Tbe reentered wlm of the Twelfth District
wboee names begin with the letters A, E, C, D, E,
F. G. H, 1, J.will vote at the northwwt corner or
Eighth and S sU. northwest.
Second Peecibct
The regtrtared ?oter? ot the Twelfth District
whoee names b- gin with the letters K, L, M, N.O,
P.Q,R,S,T,U,T,W,X,T, Z, will vote at north
west corner of Eighth and E sU northwest.
TdlRTEENTH DISTRICT
Includes all that nan of the city of Washington
lying within the following bounds: Commencing at
G street n r.h and running along Seventh street
west to 0 street north: thence along 0 street to
Eleventh street west; thence down Eleventh street
to G street north, and along G street to Seventh
street west. _ _
First Precinct.
Tbe registered voters of the Thirteenth District,
whose names begin with the letters A,B,C, D,E,
F. will vote at house No. 907 Mew Tork avenue
northwest. _ _
Riroxn Precinct.
The registered voters of th* Thirteenth District,
wh s- nam's begin with the l-tt-rs G. H, 1, J, K, L,
M. will vote at house No. 909 New York avenue
northwest. _ _
Third Precinct.
The register* d voters of the Thirteenth District,
wh<*r names begin with he letters N.O P.Q.R.
S.T.U.V.W.X Y. Z. will vote at h >use southwest
corner of Ninth and K streets northwest.
ForRTBENTB DISTRICT
Include* ell that part of the city of Washington lying
with uih follow it g bound* ?d?iet?cing ?t K s r?-H
n< rth, ud running up Nut th Capitol street to
uxrj. thence a'ot g Boundary street to Sixth street
thence along Siith street wm< to Rh d Island
lT?nv:lhfK? aT hk Rhode I?i?tid to vr
?nth street w<st: thence down Ssveuth street w?st to i
L street north; thencs along street north to New
Jersey avenoe: thec? down New Jerseyavenne to
K street north; udiiloif K street north toNjrth
Capitol street.
First Pexctkct.
The registered voters of the fourteenth District,
whew names b>(in with t e letters A. H. C. 0, will i
Tote at corner Fourth and N utr-ets northwest.
tircoND Prkcihct
The registered voters of the Fourteenth District,
wnotf names begin with the letters E. F. t*, H I J, I
K. will vote at corner F> urth and N streets north- i
west.
Third Prrcinct.
The registered v oters of the Fourteenth District,
whise naiues begin with the Inters L.M.N,0. P,
Q. R, will v-.iie at corner Fourth and N streets north
west.
Focrth Prkcinct.
The registered voter* off the Fourteenth District,
whose nr"ie? begin with the letters S.T, C. V. W.
X. Y, Z, will vot* at corner Fourth and N oUJeta
northwest.
FIFTEENTH IM>TRICT
Includes all that part of ih? city of Washington
lying wi bt% the follow ing bounds :?Commencing at
D street north afad uuuti.g up tforth apitol street
to Massachusetts aveuue; thence el >ng M assise1 u
s?tts avenue to First street west; thence up Fir?t
street west to K street uerth: thence along K street
to New Jtrsey avenue; th-nee up N-w Jersey a*
enue to L street north, thence along L s reel north
to Seventh street West, thence down Seventh street
west to 8 street Dorth; thence along G street north
to Sixth street west; thence aloi.g Sinh street w ?t
to P street north, sud along D street neith to Horth
Capitol street.
First Prfcihct.
The registered voters of the Fifteenth District
whose name* egin with the letters P. will
vote at southwest corner Fourth and H stre 'Is no th
west.
SXCOHD PRKCINCT.
The registered votirs of the Fifteenth Di trict
whise names bet in with the letters K. F, O, H. 1. J.
K, w.ll vote at southwest Cosner Fourth au<l H
streets northwest.
Tumi) PurnscT.
The registered uteri ot th>- Fifteenth District
wbnee names begin with th letters L, M,N,O.P.
Q-it. will vote at No 'ill Massachusetts arenas,
between fc'f-coud and Thhd streets northwest.
ForiTB Precinct.
The re|rsUr< d voters of th Fifteenth District
whose names Vegin with the Otters 8, T, C, V. W.
X.Y.Z.wii Tote at No. 139 Third street uoith
w est
SIXTEENTH DISTRICT
Includes all that part of the chy of W.ishlngton
lying within the following bonnds: Ceinm 'Ociug at
D street, and running down Sixth street wost to th<*
ca. al; thence along the line of the canal to Fonr
and a half street; thence d. w n Foot and half
street to Maryland avenue; thence along Mary land
avenneeastwa'rdly tothe canal; thence along th" lin-v
of the Canal to South Capitol stre-1; th-nce up South
and North Capitol streets to 1) street north; aifl
along B street north to Sixth street west.
Fiest Prkcixct.
The registered vote s of the sixteenth District
whose Dames begin wilh the letters A, B, ft', D, E,
and F, will vote at 319 Penna. avenue.
Second "rbcinct.
The registered voters of the Sixteenth District
wh< s* names begin with the lett rst?,H,I,J,K,l<,
M. N, will vote at 31H Penna. av enu
Third Prkcinct.
The regis ered Tot?r? of the Sixteenth District
w hose tisnies begin wit* the letters O, P.ti, R. S.T
U, V, W, X. Y, Z. will vo'e at S'it Penna. avenue.
SEVENTEENTH DISTRICT
Includes all ihat part ot the city of Washington lying
wlthintbe following hounds: Commencing on Eighth
street west, and running along G S' reet south to the
canal; thence along the line of the canal northwardly
?nd nertliwesiwardly to its junetiou with Marvland
avenue: thence alot-g Maryland avenue to Four
and-a-Half street; thence up Four and a Half street
to (be rural; and al .ng tne line of the canal to
Eighth street west, thence down Eighth street west
to G street south.
First Precinct.
The registered v?tera of the Seventeenth District
whose mimes begin with the l-tters A, B.C. will
vote at Kland H til. near th intersection of sixth
street and Virginia avenue S. W.
Second Precisct.
The registered voters of the Seventeenth District
whose names begin with the letters D, E. F, <1,H. I.
J. will vote nt Island Hall,near intersec'.iou of Sixth
street and Virginia avenue 8. W.
Third Prkcirct.
The registered voters of the Seventeenth District
whose names begin with tha letters K, L.M.N. (I,
P. Q. R. will vote at Isluikd Hull, near intersocii >u
of 6th itreet and Virginia avenue southwest.
Fotrth Prkcihct.
The registered voters of the Seventeenth District
whose names l-egin wli h the letters 8, T. D-V, W,
X. Y.Z.will eUte at Island Hall, near intersection
of 6th street and Virginia avenue southwest.
EIGHTEENTH DISTRICT
Includes all that p>rt of the city of Washington
lying ?ou'h of stieet south, between South Capitol
street and Eighth street west.
First Frecixct.
The registered voters of the Eighteenth District
whose names begin with the letters A, B, C, D, will
vote at bouae No. 462 H street southwest.
Second Precikct.
Th# registered voter* of the Eighteenth District
whose names begin with the letters I F.O.II I J,
K, will vote at house No. 462 H street southwest.
Third Precinct.
The registered voters of the Eighteenth District
whose names begin the letters L, M. N. 0. P, Q, R,
nill vote at house No. 332 L street southwest.
Fovbth Precinct.
The registered voters of the Eighteenth District
nhose names begin with the letters S, T. D. V, W.
X. Y. Z, will vote at house No. #01 K atreet aouth
neat.
NINETEENTH DISTRICT
Includes all that part of the city of Wushington lying
nithin the following b. unds: uommenring at Fif
teenth street east and runuing north to Bonndsry
itreet; th? rce along Boundary street to North Capi
tol street; thence down North Capitol street to K
itreet north; thence along K street to Fo-st street
west; thence down First street to Massachusetts ave
cne, ar.d d< wn Massachusetts avenue to North Capi
tol street; th?nce down North Capitol atreefto E, and
klong E to Fifteenth street eaat.
First Prkcihct.
The registered Toters of the Nineteenth District
whose names begin with tl?e letters A. B.C, D. E, F.
J. H I, J K will rote at O'Brien'ssehool house, ou
H street, between First and North Capitol streets
jort beast.
SlCOND PRICIKrT.
The registered voters of tne Nineteenth District
wboae names begin with the letters L. M. N. O, P. Q,
B, S, T. 0, V, W. X, Y, Z, w ill vote nt 0 Brieu s
ichool hooae. on II street, b 'tween First an I North
Capitol atreets Dortheuat.
TWENTIENTH DIHTRTCT
Includes all that part of th- city of Washing an ly
ing south ot E street north, between Nor h anl
South Capitol street* and Fourth street east.
First Prkcihct.
The registered voters of the Twentieth D itrict
whose names begin with the letters A, B, C, D, R, F,
will vote at School-house southeast corner of Third,
and A atreeta southeast.
Skcohd Prkcihct.
The registered voters of the Twentieth District
whose names begin with the letters O, H, I, J, K, L.
M. will vote at School-hooge southeast cornsr of
Third acd A streets southeast.
Third Prkcihct.
The registered voters of th- Twentieth District
whose name* begin with the letters N, O, P. Q. R. S.
T, P, V, W. X. Y. Z. will Tots at School h<iu?e
southeast corner ol Third and A streets southeast.
TWENTY FIBST DISTRICT
Includes all thai Dart ol the city of Washington
I) ing within the following boon J-: Cunineiicing at
South Carolina avenue ai d running up F <urth
street east to E street north; thence along E street
north to Fifteenth street iast; thence down Fif
teenth stret t cast to C itreit north; th'-uco alone C
street north to the Eastern branch: thence along the
lice of the Eastern branch B street south, the nee
aloiig B street south to Fifte' nth street oasi; th?nce
down Fifteenth street east lo D street south; thence
along D stre' t sonth to ttoutli Carolina aveuu*. hit i
do* n South Car lina aveuue to Fourth street east.
F.r?t Prkcihct.
The registered voters of the Twenty-flrst District
whose unities begin wlib the letters A. B, C, D, E. F
will v?>t? at Ninth street, bntweeu D street and
South Carolina avenue southeast.
Sfcond Prkcinot.
The registered voters of the T?..? 'ty first IHstrict
whose nsnietibegin wi h the let. ft i, H, 1, J, K.L.
M -aill vote at corner of J.int i g i~eet and South
Carolina avenue s >ntht ast.
Third Prkcihct.
The registered voters ot the Twenty-first District
whose names begin with the letters N. O. P, Q R.
S, T, U- V. W. X. Y. 7. will vote at c?ruer of Ninth
street and Sonth Carolina avenne southeast.
TWENTY SECOND DISTRICT
Includes all that part eif the city ot Washington ly
ing within the following bonnds: Commencing at the
Eastern branch at the fo<it <4 Fourth street east and
running up Fourth street enst to South Carolina uve
nue; thence along South Carolina avenue to D street
sonth; thet.ee along D stret south to Fifteenth street
enst; thence np Fifteenth street east Co B street
sonth: thence on B streH sonth to the Ba?t -rn
branch, and along the Eastern branch to the foet of
Fourth street envt.
First Fehcihct.
The registered Toters of the Twenty second Dis
trict whose tames begins with the letters A B, C. D.
S, F, will vote at honee of James Fox, on Eighth
street. between E and 6 atreets southeast.
Skcond Pekcmct.
The registered voters of the Twenty-necogd Dis
trict whose namee begin with the letters O. H, 1. J.
fc.L. M, will vote nt Richard Cartia s, corner of
Ninth IM K streets southeast.
Third Prkcihct.
The registered voters of the Twenty second Dis
trict whose names begin with the letters N, 0, P. Q.
R,8, V, V, V, Y. B, will rote at hawse of
Joeeph Fox. en Eighth street, between L and M
street southeast.
And that on snM gay, and between said hoars and
at said niaeec.each voter will hessrtideg to vote for
or acauat an act off the Legislative Assembly at
An act nut hor iilr g t he District of Columbia to
create n debt for unectal improvemaets and reps t
in said District by the iesntng of four tafUp* ?l
bonds, and levying a tax for the payment of the in
terest as it shall annually accrue thereen, nnd sub
mlttinft the net with the gnsstion *t the issuing if
the fonr million of Improvement ioa4s to a vote ?f
the people at a gei erS election in aaid District,"
?proved August w?. 1?H: And also for or against an
act of said Assembly .entitled:
An Act levying a tax for the payment of the
interest as It shall annually scene on fonr million
dollars of bonds, a^ithorirsd to l>e issued by ths Dis
trict of Colombia by an act entitled 'An act author
King ths District of Columbia to create a debt for
special Improvements and repairs in said District,
by the issuing of four millions of bonds, and levying
n tax for this payment of the Interest as it shall
annually accrue thereon and submitting the act,
with the question 9T the issuing of four millions of
improvement bonds, to a vote of the people at a gen
eral election in the said District,'" approved Augu*
19.1871. And also for, or against, an act of said
Assembly entitled
An Act to author ilea subscription to the stock of
the Pledment and Potomac RaiD-tad Company ap->n
certain eondlti-n; approved Aorrust 19, wn; as here
tofore set forth In notices in relation thereto nub
lished in Ths Tnt/s N*tio**l Kewubli'ttm. Ths D*Hy
Mornimt Ckrontru. Tlu Krtnint Star, and Other
newspapers of said District.
And that the following named persons have been
appointed Superintendents of said election for thj
election pr-oncta ef ewchr district m above
described. tib
FIRST T?I?TRICT.
Wr?t Precinct?C. G. W bin g. Charles R Wt
soa, Julian Den. Second Precinct?C H. BitW,
George Davall, jr.. .M.hmI t Mj('..r?irk Third
P^" et-l>aniei Draper Ambrose Folliett. Jo tin
F. Hckey.
DllfUOf.
First Precinct- W A Oaltey, John H. Cook, John
QpdliT Prctnct?H C Harreon, Beniamiu
use?n. E J. Middleton. jr. Third Precinct?F. Lu
m-nbeel, Aobert Bn.-hst.an, Brrutril T. Swart.
_ THIRD DISTRICT.
rimPT?,oe?-J..hn Br*uujk, Robert Wri
Wu,. tJ*' 2tfcwi. f?econd ?Ve< nc:?Orria
Wilcox, John H. Reynolds, Philip Coakley.
rorRTH 1 ISTRICT.
T>,\V' /rerj"c'-H-n'y ant. J B Wells, J,m<*
w?
Pl^TH DISTRI T.
ii.'L'ii Anderson. Robert L<iftii.
Owen MrOusde Second Precinct?Henry Rut, A
a m ir I .w .r'~k n?- r-). T^i.-J Preciiic
A. S. Taylor, Charles Twine. 8 E D"U?la??
_ MXTH DISTRICT.
First Prwnct?J. lie H Br M J. Lsuehlin
p'L Tu,,m-:
_ SEVENTH district
i .PT?Vr,f^\? n?v J-T-me W|.?,
wr? p 8??r >lid Precinct?John E Hark.
ri?i Ti, E'vr,,,;n- P'fr t.mm nd Third Pr
m!?~ r ?~i. Freeman, D. M Davis. J,?*. H-n
8Si?.r ?X,lSS!S-'- A T"""*
EIKHTH DISTRICT.
hA P ^TTTL 5 N R T.Hnmphrev,
""fjrt J??hr?<?n. I^corid Pr6ci?rt~TtK?M K
pr",L-H^T T?Wl?^n GT?- W nn Third
I recu.ct?Silas Browning, .Won Thornton, Win.
umbrrt.
NINTH DISTRICT.
Fln,1fr'S'rrL~J,,K,J K ,,not- J,,h? n Brown. P
?i. Holland. Send Pr, rmct?Dr. Daniel 8
Evans, R( bert II Booktr.J R Gill
TENTH DISTRICT.
Flrtt Precinct-?,John B?i?r KirriaH Co^{m|o|
jX I H^ooi ii Free.net-Wm Miud-r,
J?Ln Birker, Prank Meyer*.
eleventh di-trict.
F,rnt Precnc-K W J (Mia Warrl. C B
lliarch Second Pveoiict-W t Ke^mush. Rich d
Dtplitit, AuiIt- m?
d .twelfth district
Fir* Precinct?Eiekial L-ckw-od J?hn K.mpeon
William F Blown Sec..*.| Pn^inct?J. T K
I taut, Robert DoukUm. Deani* O'Well
t THIRTBENTH DISTRICT.
Fir^ Pn^-tnct- Za<h H Mr .ke. J. A Shaw
Z?rh?ri-h D ?nin? Pr?cJn-t?John K
tt- w mC Bell. Third Precinct?<
Oriffln, ?,e?. W Mnith. Baldwin D. Dram-.
FOURTEENTH DISTRICT.
F,r?t PreciBct-Th<4Baii L Tullock. Aaron Rn?
"?ll. Josi-h Praiher. S.'Con 1 Piecinct?John 0
Paiker. Archie Lewi?. R..b, rt W Penwirk Ttjird
Precmct-Sar-qel c ft>tchki??. O^. W. R-i,fro
nu bard H. ill 1 am*. Fourth Prrinct?Henry
J? rmtM L, Gtorfrp >w?yzp, Mm B. Rtdgrtve.
VI PI PTE RHTH DISTRICT.
Prjjelin t?John A Perkin-. Wm. H ?mith
.m- Pr^rinct?J. 8 Martin
cb... HvM W;Sd,W w. Kirby Third Pr^Lc!
V 11 ,'L CfM'l.jrmiam H Talb y. Wm. U.rd.
L Branihall, C. C. Brn
cce, W. B. Will:vni?.
r- t> ?IXT**?TH DISTRICT
U r 7!ri.r",c,~TwM 5'?S?? S. II. William*,
W H M .*o ^co5.d Precinct?R. M. Hall
S M, ?1 on. 8 B. Kn*li?h. Third Pr?*incl?
Davul hen?,n. B. F. French. R. R Brunuor
_. 8PVEKTEEHTU DISTRICT.
First Precinct?B- jija uin F. Fuller, John F. N
i J ?5??-' p,''rr w Pearson. Second Precinct?
Leop- ld Karp. leu. William p. Ryder, Robert H
Willl.ni H Ode. Lewu 'w* WcVh^ F o,MhWPr?
?ph L Pr.",'^''ll'm,n? "enry Middieton< J"
EIGHTEENTH DISTRICT.
Fir?t Pr.^ii,ct-Th.;n.aa H. Barron. Henry O
JohiiMin, Andrew A?cher. Second Precinct-iieorir.
t Oo'iion.S ??ie (hinn. Samuel Piunohr. v. Thirl
Precinct?Th?nm? E.8inithv?n. Geo H. Brook*. D
R. 7!;. v"?.rtJ' Pr' c?ncl-P. Ball. John Bran
ton, noi ert V. G< dtnan.
NINETEENTH DISTRICT.
J V0'rk- ^'lliam WIntern,
Timothy Co*(e||o Second Pr. cinct?Martin Br"?
nihan, haw Tabbo. Michael Ha?sett.
*i TWENTIETH DISTRICT.
lamet rTTT'?C,-:n,iU\C rfmilh' C. Wailea,
11 II TU Hec.ind Pn-cinct? E. ank Lowe
WHrcellns Marceron, William Wilker^on. Thirl
frnVey rtJ Nich' Uon- A. O. DodJe, A B.
r, Ty*NTT E1RST DISTRICT.
?ie)!^.rPrr^C.,~Aii*r!." Lawrenc# 0.
etcher, L i'"" Smith. Second >*recinct?
Bh>rl2" Tbii'l P>n< WV Th'irn t* I.
oiirge ?Harbi!Tn B*ker' SmUh Pr*lt
twentt second DisTBirrr,
Fimt Precinct?Charles McOowan, P^tpr Mo?bT
^?vDrw^; %n>^r>Dd PJeci,,c'.?Charle* n. Mur'
ray. Mm. B. Dobluni. Benj. F McAlvee. Thin!
TrMln?i C" ?oi' Marcus Richard^n. Jno
Giren nnd?r my hand at the cit? of Wa?hin(rton
District of Columbia, thin sixth day of JioTeiuber,
A. D. eighteen hundred and seventy one
H D. COORE,
Gorernor of the District of Colombia.
By the GoTernor.
o? L STANTON.
T.-K Sccrjtarr of the Pietrict of Colombia.
n o_ [Morning papers copy.]
BFPICTAK
OYbS'iIOWlUV^aJs.SblV
I
AM Act fixing the time for holding the General
Election* in the Diatrict of oTnmbia
p* U emactfd by iht LtMxtiatxvt Atumbly of 1*4
SLmPZTZX.i Th*i t,he "r?1 ?E>ction?
therein shall he held on the fourth Wednesday of
Not ember of each year.
Brc. 1. And bt it fmrthm ma cud. That whereas an
anergency exirts lor th? immediate taking effect of
Ujis act, it is hereby declared to be in force from and
after its approval by the Governor.
w CHARLES L. HTLSB,
of th? Uoaie of
WILLIAM 8T10KNET,
Pregidwnt of the Oomicll.
Approrsd, August It. 18T1.
M. P. COO It B. Qovernor. aotl-Sm
Notice bt the governor abd becbe
TART of the District of Columbia of the sub
mission to the people of the District of Columbia, for
If .Mproval or disapproval, of an act of the
Legislative Assembly of said District entitled An
act authorisinc the District of Oolombia to craate a
debt for spwial innrovemenu and repairs In said
District by the issuing of four million of bonds, and
ltT nln* u?5 for the P*yment of the interest as it
!^f lr.uD.w* T thereon, and submitting the
act with the Question sf the Issuing of the four mil
lions of improvement bends to a vote of the people
AtiJtl?,rufi#,'0ti0* U Di*trJcf' approrsd
_ Exirrrin Orrici, l
Bistbict o? OoLCMB.a, Augusta, l?n.t
./Voltes u ktrtbj) ricsa that at the next seneral
Sm j? Djfil[rl?,J>f^lu:nbUa wh,ch win
h? d on the fourth Wedneeday of Bovember. Wfl,
1 tf*?t7-^cond day ol that month,) t^e act
of the Legislative Assembly of tlie District of Celum
".An ??t Mtboriaing the District of Co
lumbia to create a debt for special improvement* and
said District by the issuing of four million
of bonds aad levying a tax for the payment of the
^?,t <t#h*1l annually accrue thereon, and sub
mittinff the act with the question of the issuing of
the four million of improvement bonds to a vote of
the people at a general election in said District," ap
pr*T*f August It. 1371, will be submitted inthe mode
Sot ided by said act to the people of said District for
eirapprov al ordisapproval, in connection with the
question of issuing foui millions of bonds for special
Improvement and repairs e* mentioned in said act.
h""d election will he the fit st general election afier
the passage of said act. Said act n hereto subjoined
%n<i publio^tiOD thereof U mad" herewith
H. D COORE,
Governor of th. District of Columbia
EDWIN L. STANTON,
secretary of the District of Columbia.
AN Act authorizing the DistrictofColumbiatocreate
a debt for special improvements and repairs in
said District by the issuing of four million of bonds,
and levy lug a tax for the payment of the interast
as it -hall annually accrue thereon, and submitting
the act with the question of the iseuing of the four
million of improvement bonds to a vote ol the aeo
ple at a general election in said District.
bt U tnacltd by tie Luttiattre Aurmb!f oft k*
iHftrtct af( c!?mMa, That in order that special im
provements and repairs of the streets, avenues,
alleys, and road* of the District of Columbia may be
commenced and com tile ted, and sewers and bridges
be constructed therein, and other necessary public
works be executed, the Governor of said District is
authorised and empowered, for and in behalf of said
District, to is?ne, or cause to be isaoed. as herein
after directed, registered or coupon bonds to tke
amount of four million dollars, in denominations of
tmr,oBe hundred, five hundred,and one thsusand
d, larj, to be pays!ble within twenty year. fromthe
date ef their issue, and tab^ interest at the rste of
seven per oentum annually
i 4nd os ttjurtAer swrtsd. That a special tax
iskerebv lev led on the taxable property ofthe Dis
trict of Ooltuubia, for the periodof twenty years, to
aa amount saScieat to pay the interest which mar
accrue a&tae said 1 >ud? during said period, which
tax shall ke collected in sums of two hundred aad
eighty thousand dollars, during sack of said years
-freeably to the provisions ofthe act ofthe Couxress
mmettd. That tt
'special im
r _ by tke Oar
ks Ufmrtkm mmrtid, That th
'fared for hns and sale as afore
JWSJSS.Hi'L
skall keep a rsaistsr or acooant of all boads which
?V 1>* K'Pyed and issued under this act. aad make
s?siifssa'ta',,wta"-?4
gx&'AUza. zrti
lasne during the year oae thousand eight handred
and seventy -two. and until the ex ptratioa ef tke first
fiscal quart** after the adjournment of the next
regular session of tke Legislative Assembly, aad noe
million and a half during the year oae tknMsnd
eight hundred aad #?veutr-three, aad be sold by the
Governor within said periods to the extent to which
the iaeue thereof is authorised as aforesaid, aad a Dun
such h-sne and sale said Kinds shall hociome aad eoa
stitote a debt against said District
Bec. I. Ami btu further rmaritii, That Baou ths
sale of any w all of said bouds the proceeds thereof
shall be aep<>aited in the treasury M the District,
Mid shall be drawn out npon warrants of the Board
of Public Works, and sltall be disbursed by sai I
Board for the payment of the <?>st of special improve
wents aad repairs in said District, including the
aecessary inciaental expanse# ther-of, and f>r no
?ther purposes, hut no payiaenie skall be made under
*ny contract for improvements, er for *ny work
iotie In r>lati?T, thereto, unlstis the work done shall
be ten per centum in excess of soch payments aa
roft in the CM* at th* tea] ?x*ce* loo of nr contract
or b<M'(? of any wort and frtMwnt MnM.
Sac. 7. And k* W fwrtkn i>4 Thai tbe to
which air b? aol* by *lrt?? of tMi id
ahall b*- o t?n? Dced and carried on aoc<rdtng to th*
provisvoaa rtf the at reaalrl art of Con grass ->f tt?
tvriitj frM day of f. hrurf, tillii** aad
?evetjty >im, gjyj etcln?tv*lv for rh* pronation of
lb* public iBN-reeta
8. And h t( /nriht mart's. That II aii>
dfr orup'*,,, of tbe said District i
f'kJT" k>< m.'iey aath<?rl?-d
U-1>* 'i>4 b) thiiict, cottnrr lu iu> jrvi itinw. Im
u euttltctio* ihrndtn the CriBiul Ootrt
of o?- DiMrut of On)Mihi*. b?> punished by imfrU. a
Meat i ti the jail of thin District for a tens of M Iw
tbaa thrsa mot more than twelve mutha, and by
tine of aot le?? th?n 1?? hundred 4-4Lara nor r*
than on* thouaand (Mlara
f?f And ft* *1 rwrlkf aatrUa, That tMa act
?hall ho anb?iit?"d to the p-'pt- or ?lect of ?aid
bMiict at tbr firat general election which mar h?
oeid after ita passage, together with the qweatious >4
the iseuins of the four mllli<?e of bonda aforeaaU
la the m,s2* hereinafter provided, nam- ijr
Firat Tfon tbe approval cf t ha art it a bail ba
published in each pap* ra aa tbe U??>-riur a*| <li
net, not lea* than three, and tha pabltcatioo thereof
be er-miaoed for three in -nib* pri .r t?> *aid eWii-.o
flannad The ballot* aeed at aaud -lertion ahall be
Cfntad. and thoae in favor of ???dart, and of tha
'nine of aaid Nvada, or ?f the contraction of Mid
debt. *hall he in the word* following, to wit
ro* arKciAi i?r?nTiMin?
For the art of the District of Columbia awtitlod
'An act authorising the District of Colombia to era
ate a del t for special impr**anent? ar>d raiairi I*
?aid District, by the iaauing of four million -1 b- ad*
aad levying a tai for the parmen! of the Interest, aa
It ahall annually accrue tb*r-?u. and submitting the
act. with the question of tha iwaiM of the fowr m I
l>< ns of inaroTiawgt bonda. to a Toto of the people
at a general election in aaid District."
And for the itailing of four ai.Hi>ua of improve
ment bond* as prov ided In aaid art
And the ball"ta against aaid art and the iasa'ng
of tbe bolide ahall be a* follows:
aoa.xst arsciAL ixri'irmn?.
A r ain't the art ,.f the Dia'rict of Colombia ?-a
titled An act authorising the Dial net of Col urn
bia to create a debt for -pecial improvement* ate*
repairs in aaid District, by the issuing of I .or mil
liona of bonda. and laying a tax for the payment of
the latereat as It ahall annually accrue thereon,
and submitting th- art, with the .juration o( th
issuing of the foor million* of impr oim?nt bonda.
U a vote of the pe. pl*- at a general election ia aaid
District.M
And again* th, isaOiUg of fowr mllltona of Ita
proveuient bonda, aa provided for iu *ald act.
Third. That a ballot-bos lor eacn election district
ahall be pr ikied by the 0<oern'>r. in which the bal
lot* for and against the aaid law,and for aad agaii.nt
aakl improvement b?n<la. ahall b- d<-p <ai'<ei, auT tti>
?lection in relation thereto ahall b* condoct?d la all
respects, aa regards the perr.na entitled to aiai
>thi rwie?*. iu acc?>niance with the law* ami r?y a la
?ion* which aaar be applicabl* to the holding of ge?
era I r lections In aatd Wiatrict.
Foarth. i'pon rinalug the polla.the ball.it bosaa
oontaiuiag aaid tick- is ahall opened, and the bal
lots shallTc immediately oonntnd. and a tally hat
thereof be made, and npon the completion t!?e
Ci'nnting of aaid bal lota duplicate r turns of i V
votes cant in each election district, together wuL
statements of the aggregate nnmlwr of votes east
thereat for the membora of the Legislative Asaen
bly, shall, within f??rty eisht hoars, bemadeoat and
signed by the oArera of tha aeveral ejectioi pre
dncta or districts, which retarna ahM designate the
notnber of voles cast for aaid law and for >**a>M cr>e
said bonda. one af which returns ahall be placed in
the election bos of each election district, with the
other papers of said slection. and th* other shall
be placed iu a sealed envelope, and be directed t* the
Secretary of the District of Columbia, and be
placed in his hauds U> one or more of said ?laoti >n
officer*.
Fifth. On receiving the aaid envelope*, eoatalatug
the returns as aforesaid, the secretary ahall ..p.^
and examine the aams.aud add tof??her the return
or statement of votes as mad- to hja.from eaokslec
tlon district, and after doing so. shall certify th* r*
?al; to the Governor, and file a c-py of loch oertifl
ca?es among the records of his office.
tfixth If it ahall appear from aaid retaiaa as oer
Med tobytbs ?ecr? tarv. that majority of t*ie vote*
cast for mtiubers of th* Legia'.ativ* Assembly shall
have been cast In favor of said law. and of th* la?n
ing of said improvement bonds, the Governor shall
proclaim the same in the pajpera of the Diatrict in
which the law maybe pubM*h?d- and hnm*diat>-lv
thereafter bonda may be lasaed as directed In the
tfth section of thia act.
heventh. If a majorlt/ of the votes shall b* cast
Mtnst \hl* act. and agatast the issuing of thsbond*.
h* Governor shall proclaim the fact In aaid news
a per*. and no bonds ahall be issued or debt be con
tracted under ?hls act.
far. 10. Aad ?l rwrtAsr marud That with th*
publication of this act, for the aeriod of thre.
months. In the newspapers aforesaid, there shall b?
a notice, over the signatures of the Governor *ad
Secretary of the District, that It will be subtnltti 1
to the people at the Srst general election after it*
passage, for their approvaTlor disapproval, la con
nection with the question of issuing of four millions
of bonds for special improvements aad repairs a*
hereinbefore mentioned, and a oopv of tm-h notice
shall be tied and recorded 1a the office of tha aacre
ary of th* District.
8*c 11. And u /ntUsv tmmrUd, That la eoaatd
?ration of th* em*rgeacy therefor created by the ne
cessity for improvements In the District of Colum
bia, and arising from the fact that th* aext g*n*ra
?lection therein mar be held on the twenty -second
day of Hovwnber, *lgut**a hundred and ?eventy-one.
and from other consideration* arising oat of the
nature and object of this act. It Is hereby directed
aad provided that In all and evary aeoeaaary and
poaalcU raspect It shall take effect aad b* a law of
?aid Diatriet from aad after iu
CHARLBS L. HCLS1
Ppssfceraf the House of Del>-rat?s.
WILLIAM 0TIGKNZY.
a vwroved is Oouacll.
NUTICB BT TBI IK) V IBB OB ABB 8B0BB
TAKY ol the Bistrlctof Columbia of the sab
mission to the people of said District, for their ap
proval or disapproval, of an act of the Legislative
Assembly of said District, approved August 19th
13TI. entitled, "An act levyinga tax for the payment
of tne interest aa it shall anouallv accrue on four
million dollars of bonds, authorised to be issued by
the District of Columbia, bv an act *atitled Aa act
authorising the District off Columbia to create a debt
for special improvement* and repairs In said District
by the issuing of four millions oif bonds and levying
a tax for the payment of the interest aa it shall an
anally accrue thereon, and submitting the act, with
the question of the issuing of four aiillion of im
prov ement b< nd?, to a vote of the p*ople at a general
election la said Diatrict.'
_ Execctit* Ofticb, I
Dismc-T op CoLciiaiA, August list, IVl f
/vsites u ktrthm tttm that at tae nest g?aeral
?lection in the District of Oolumbia, which will be
held on the foarth Wednesday of November, ldfl,
(b-ir.s the twenty-s?cond day of fhat mouth,) the
act oftbe Legislative Assembly of the District sifor*
?aid approved Auaust lVth.MTl, entitled "An act
levvtng a tax for the payment of the iaterest as it
shall annually accrue on four million dollars of
bond* authorised to be issued by tlie District of Oo
lambia. by an act entitled 'An act authorising th*
Diatrict of Columbia to create a debt for special im
provements and repairs In said District by the
issuing of foar millions of bonds, and levying a tax
for the payment of the interest as It shall annaally
accrue thereon, and submitting the act with the
question of the issuing of four millloas of tmprove
ment bonds, to a vote of the people at a general elec
tion in the said District,' will be submitted to tbs
people of said District for their approval or disap
firoval, with the aaid act entitled "it act aatkorta
dg the Diatrict of Columbia to create a debt for
special improvements and repairs In said District by
tne Issuing ef four million of bonds, and levyinga
tax for the payment of the Intereat as it shsll an
nually ascrue thereon, and submitting the act. with
the question of the Issuing of foar millions of im
provement bonds, to a vote of ths peopis at a general
election in the said District
Paid election will be the flsat general election after
the passage of said act entitled An act levying a
tax fer the payment of the iuterest as it shall an
nually accrue on four million d liars ef botids.au
thorixed to be issued by the District *f Colombia by
an act entitled An act authoriataff the District of
C-olumbia to create a debt for special improvetn?nta
and r*-pairs in said District by the issuing of four
million of bonds, and levying a tax far the payment
of the intereat as it ahall annaally accrue thereon,
and submitting the act, with th* question of the
issuing of four millions of Improvement bonds, to
a vote of the p?-ople at a general election in aaid
District.'"
And said election, as respects th* aaid act. will be
held as In the ssid art prov idxi Ha id act ia hereto
subjoiaed and publication there<if ia herewith made
H.D.COOKE.
Governor ol the Diatrict of Colombia.
CDWIB L STANTON,
Becretary of the District of Columbia.
Alt Act levyiut a ia* for the payment of tbe inter
est. as it shall autiuaily act rue on four million
o i..im of bonds, authoris d to be taaued by the
District of Columbia by an act entitled Au act
authorising the District t I'inibia to create a
debt fer special impr>? enie. :t auti r -pairs la said
District by the iaaaing of four millions of bonds
and levying a tax for the payment of the mterest
a* it ahall annually accrue tht-reon.aud submit
ting the act, with the question of the issuing of
lonr millions of improvement bonda, to a vote ef
th* people at a general election ia the aaid Dia
trict.
Ht u tmmtttd tr* tk* iiimtlv of (As
Uxurxrt of CvIhwilia, That for th? purpose of paying
tha interest annaally, aa it may accrue on the four
million dollars of bonds authorised to be issued by
the Distrkt of Colombia iu accordance with the pro
viaiona uf the act eutitled "Aa act authorising the
District of Colombia to create a debt for saecial
improvement* and repairs la said Diatrict by the
lasuiag of foar millions of bonds, and tbe levying a
tax for tbe payment of the intereat aa it ahall annu
ally accroe Tbareou.and submitting tbe act, with th*
qn**tlon of tbe isaning of foar minions of improve
ment I- ndi, to a vote of th* people at a general ?lec
tion in said District," a special tax of two lni-i v-1
aad eighty thousand dollar* la hereby levied nana
the taxable property la aaid District for tbe period
of thai
-nr.,,
of the latere* aa It tfhai aSanally a2c??T
tha act, with th* iimi i, of
I
Diatrict at
cT
I of I
SS.
""beco^friThVbfciioiTaSd"at aaid alactlaa ahall bal
printad. and thoae favor at Ala act >hall ba la tbe
words following, ta wit:
Mffi
Levying a tax tor the period oflwaty year* lor tbe
payment of the intereat as It shall aaaoally accrue
on the four million of bonds to b* lasued by the Dis
trict of Oolumbia. agrssahlv to tbs provisions of aa
act entitled An act authorising th* District of Oo
lochia to crests a debt for special baprevemeats
and repair* id said Diatrict by th* iasaiaff of foar
trillion* of bond* and levying a tax for th* payment
of the latere*! as it shall annally accroe thrrssn.
and snbmfttlng tb* act, with the qoeMina of the la
suing of foar mil I i?*ws of improvement bon'ls to a
rote ?f the peeple st a general aliotlna ia tbe said
District." And toth-ise against this aet shall bs ia
the words following. t?- wit:
asaiitar _ __
Tba ~t for levying a tax for tba psilud af twsnty
yet. -w |<-r tbe payment of the Intereat a* it shall an
nual> a<xrae on the four millions of bonds to k*
laaneu h> tbe District of Columbia, agreeably ta tb*
I Bru< ui'?< of aa tdMtltUd A a art MtkflltM tH
I Bt*-rtn m crewt* a W? fa* ap'riaI l*?p?
I aa.l pair? to aaid liatriot. V) tkr issu M af ur
millioa kt)U4 tat forth
f tbe It tkikll utMAr Mrr:* >h -rw".
and sahmittluc th* art, with tba *f tha
?tuttifodhr mlllien- of tayn" -?te-al K.?w4*. to a
<9 th* pa^pl* at "Ux-n-* ?a iw
Dtstrtct."
th* -ri x:r\?Z!?
?hall bedep-arfrad in th* bfton.
arw*r to r*aBln*l to provide (or the d-p
ballots which ba MM for the ft- i -alidad Aft
act ftfttboroinc lb* Pwtricl ofCV>?an.la to ft
lor special Imar.x nn iii< ai.d r~pa .r* to **>d
tnatrVt.hr the Worn* f?T ar mfHi >n. ?T i. >a4* and
l><nn|t tas foilV p<i aiant r4 tbe lftt i ?ftt M It
?hall arnual'y n**u? there?a and ?r.hm.ttia* th*
art with tW of tha laMint of tha fir
mill .-as of tmpro< rm-nt bond* V a v.-te of the a*, pie
?t i-eral alacticir t?i aft Ml Pitt w and in -->l?ti
to tha qneattna .4 tha teantnf of tnftr atllKiw of
m p*ove?eBT ?'??td* tha elect ioa It
?hit art ?hall he c.wdacted til r"?r*tt. ft* r^?r4*
tha p*r*u*? ewtitiad to Vote and othei wlf Jft accord
ance with tha law* *M r*t?lfttt*n* which ae?v he.
?>pltrahte to tha botdiac of r?"*l electloas la said
rWrVt
Poarth Opoa claatnc ttoe polls. Ma ballots fa* an4
arainat thia law shall be counted ht tha >-Mm dT
cera. and a tally list iWrnf ha mad oat. and Bp
the c.*npletin? of th- coantliwr of aftid hall >t< amTlu
plicate returns <4 thavotes cast ia ea.h eliyu die
trtel far thla art t<>r*ther with atat.wtenta of tha ar
r"f?t? aaaber of vnt*e ra>i th-r?*t i r an mbnta .<f
th- L*sn*lat1v* iwaMr. shttt. wfhin f?rt? eirht
h.-Brs V mad* oat and ttfixd b? tha "fflc.-ra of th*
arveral el act ioa arartnrts diatrtrta which r?tirna
aliftl|d*atc?ata tha aaftihar <4 ?.?*>a ra*t f -r thta l<ai,
nno .4 wh<< h ratarna ahall U- aUcad in th- atartiou
h"* of oach alartloadMrirt with tha .>thar pa nor* .if
?fttd lociI**i ftnd tha othara ahall ha pl^rt ?d m
a>'?l*d -nralopr and hadirwtad t.> tha Itwwarr ?ftha
District and ha i4*rad ia hia hajfta t.? .x>a ~r *orw at
?aid al.?r?i.in nflcar*.
Fifth. Oa t?f*i< ln| tNa mM mi*I?m >otalntnt
(ha rat urns a* afrniwl. iha Sacratar? (Sail ctam.
tlia -?tna. and add t<<*ath?r tha ftrcra?wia vntaa
ra*t in aarh diatr irt. fttM ftftar d 'in? ai> ahall <tW\
r.-uli tc. tha G- ara r and filr a r<H>V tf ta b
*rt Beat* ainonc th* raronfe of hi* tdlc*.
*l\th If it rh-tll ar^"*r fra?n *?>d n'tarn* oart I
f-d t-Vj th* tWr. i?rj- tha- tr? ..nt? ot iH-?
at f,T? nihara at aaid La?talaii?a Aaa^ml>>r ahall
k*ra l-aan raat in fft* thta law. It ?hal! b? lt>
'all f?r?-a and tlart. ftitd tha Ui<t*rn?r *hftll ?>ro
clftitn tha aftaaa ia tha pa?ara fib. f?i?tnrt la whth
tb*? law na< v P^b'ial.ad. If a ma>-Tltr .if votaa
hall I* caat ftcmiuat thta act it aha I' ba void aud <>f
?K? I WM.I
far t And M tl r+rtkm ?aan.a. Th?t with tha
puLllcatioft of tkie ftftt tft Iha i.? W?pap.-ra aa af.<ra
??id for th* yari<<4 thraa m lh*.thar>- ahall ba a
aotica o*ar tha it?t?fttara of tl Onrarnor and of tha
**r*t?t7 of tha PW'fiot thai It will la aatxntttad to
tha pa. pl<' at tha Aral s-n-rftJ alMi<a ftftar Ita pa*?
4*a for thair ?rprr>'aj ar diaanpr a r ,rr i
?n< h notira ahail ba Gt?d ana raoord-a) in tha Ace
M tha War rata r) of t Iv I?i?tnrt
est i A
"?.ar^awj
a An* hi u ^Wrihrr That ?har*M ?n
r,,r, a*.-tft fur Iha lft?ni- dlftta tftkit.* alfart
thia art ta tha aaant of Itft appro*ftl by th< ?a-pl-. .t
?tail ba la fotra fr"*i ftod ftftar tfc? P' a '"?r K
,i
'haraof by tba Uovari. -r.
CnAKf.KB L BrL*I
Aa*tM? it. vrr14*"1 "f ,b'
H. P. COOK It. OoTantor. mH
ap tt
NUTK'B AND *fttH^AMATION HV THE
GOYKKNOU pnbli-hinp an ?cl antitlao "An ar
to aothna* a aalw riatloti to tha atoek <d tha Piad
aa-fil ftftd Fotoauw fcallt n?4 0 >?i pan i apou cartain
rondHi?na,"ftu>l aobtnittlnc rha aani- to tha p~.ri,
of anld DiMrirt. ftnd praocribiac tha form ia which
it .hall ba rotod apua
utrrrrn (imn,
0t?T*rrr opOaLvatata. Aaca*t tl, Mfl
yv?t?r? u ?rTf'? rtm ftuo pr-<U?ai?<? aiada ttiftt
tha act of tha La^iaiatira A*???i of th. I?i?tr>rt
of Coimfctft. ftppr.a.-d Aurnm I*. l?N. amitl*d Ar
act to ftathorifta aabacripiiua to tha stork nf tha
Fiartm- nt and Pot.mao Ra<lr >ad Company op u
cartftin ondttiotis." trill ba sabtoltted b> Um> paop.a
of *a?d l?latrtrt at tha na*t **i>ar?l *|arti..n than-in,
which will ba hald oa tba foarrh Wadnaaitar of Ho
ratnbar. 18n,(t>ainit tba twruty aacoad day th?t
month.? ftnd that ih- otiiur fo* and acafist tha art
?lift14 ba by prtntad ti' k.-ta. and tba UcA. is for aaid
ict abatl aontftia tba Wvr4a
An art to aaftiorir.a ?*M^*r1ptliti to tha stock f
tba Ptadjftoot aad Potmaftr Hftilr.?d Cutupanv u
cartftln condttlona."ft?proTad Anna* Ipth, |?Ci,
ticket* ftSftias:Sfttd act ahftll c >alaia tha word
as At BIT
"An art to BBtbc.rlta a anhacriBtloa fo tha stoek
of tlia Ptadmofct and P?t<?iftc Kailr >ad 0-tnpai>r
Bpon cartftln coadltioiia," ftpororad A mrtiat lPiti,
1471. and thftt said alactioa will ba rao.1 act ad la all
raapxta a* th* rl-cti.?o f.^ of tba H >asa.<f
D. l' ltftta* of said Dtfttrict *bftll ba condn. tad. Maid
act is barato robjoiBad, and putdicati >n tharaof IS
herawttb mad* H (XMIK R.
Oorenior of tba District of Columbia.
Alt Act toaatborlra a cjbseriptloa to tha stork of
tba Piadinont aod P><t(?st Bailroftd Oonipauy
on. n cartftla conditions.
B* t< mar ltd ftp t?iiJsn*? lltMUly ?f Ms
IHstrtrt ?f Otiwwiftta That win raft* It is b^liarad
th?t tba construction of tba Piadanat ftnd P<>toB>*o
railroad, racantly ftBth'>riaad br aa ?ct of ttia L<ht>s
latura of Virvtnift, will ba ol fraat banaBt to tbt
District of ColtimMft. ftnd by a farther act of said
Lari'latars tba PaansylTaaia Oaotral KaUr<?4
Otnaftny ia raqairad to *uarantaa th* firat tuvruraca
tx?nd of said Piadmont and Potomac Kail i .ad Oom
paay to an amonnt ttaoasaary to faratsb saparstrnc
tara and aqmpmant for said mad. which said snar
ftBty may ba ra^Birad wbanavar. at any tim-- withta
B?a yawrs from the data of said last m*nti?n*d art,
taa mil a* or nor* of said road *hsJ I ba raady for so
parstroctara. and wharaas It Is eradlhly rapra?*atad
that tha stun of all handrad tboaaaiid dollars or
la?, will aaabla aaic Piadmont aad Potoaaar Bail
raadOompaay tolooata aad crada ttoatr saM road aa
as to prapars lor Its Sapsrstractars, o w thar
fora,
Hec. 1. And W u flMMNt. That. tmMad that thta
art shall ba sBb?sln*d to tba paopta at the u**t p?
aral al act Ion. aod shall receive a maj >rtty of tba
rotas cast for member* of tha baciatatlra Asaambly
ftt sach alaction: And rrort Ud fmrlAw. That thia act
?ball receive tha ?par< al ai.J aanctloB if tha 0<?
crass of tba C nit ad B tales, the O??aroor shall be,
ftnd ba Is hereby, aathorised to sabftcrfb*. ia the
name of tba District of (?.1 umbia. to tbr capital stock
of tba Piedmont and Pot<?inc Eftllroftd t mpany to
an am<Hint n.K axceadmc sis handrad th<>aaand dol
lars: Prprtdad. That, ta-fors sach saba*iipti >B shaU
be atftde. aatisfftrtory et idaare shall be fnrmshad to
the Board of Pnblic Worbs tbatsaob sabarription
will ba adequate for tbe purpo** of oumpletlnn tba
KradiBf of said road, aad satisfactory caarantaea
shall be riven to aaid ftoard that tba fttaaant so snb
scribed ohatl befaithtuliy a polled to sntd work, ftnd
that said work will be competed within the time
n?assary to avail <4 ftftid guarantee of tha pennarl
vfttiis Caatral Railroad T'umpany: And frovxdtA
'uriktr, That said road ahall b>- coaatrnctad from
some point on tbe Potmaac river at tfeorcet' wn
which shall bs satisfacu>r) to aaid Board of Pnblic
Works
Die t. And ht tl furtMtr saartsd. That In order to
CIV Ma for tba aayatent af said sul>*< riptioo tba
?veraor Is hereby ftntli >rlsed to issoe tha reals
tared or coapon bonds of iiu- District of Columbia,
which ahall aiares* the object of their lasne .m their
face, alia'J be sicned by the Oovarao* and Secretary
of the !?l#rict. and ahall be t sdenaible twenty yeara
after date, and bear iii per cantata interest. payable
half yearly, to an amount necessary to provide said
am of sis hundred thousand d?ltara. and to eel I aaid
loads aad pay over the proceed* thereof to said Pied
mont aad Potomac Railroad tympany, at auch times
and in such amoant* aa may be required hi the pro
rress of tbe work aforesaid Prsasdad. That tall
Loads shall not be s<4d at a lower rats than ninety
per cent am of the par valae thereof
Bar S. And b, it /mrtktr mmtud. That In order to
meat tbe lotereat to accrue oa said bonds, th*rs
shall be levied atiaoally a tat of atx per cant., or
such lower rate as may suffice.oa evert hundred
d^Urs of tbe ***???*"d valae of real and peraonal
etfflte in said District, tbe Brocaeds of which tax
?hall constitnte a special fund pledged U* tba pay
ment of said iatorest.
Bet. 4 And M tl /artAsr saactsd. That the On*
ernor ia herehr reqneatad to cabae thta act to be duly
pabliabed before the nest general election, as ra
auired by tbe fourteenth section of tbe charter of
the IMatrict of C'luBil ia. (act of r .nrr~?a <4 Peb
ruary twenty -one. elfbtaen liuadrad and seventy
one.) and by suitable proclamatioa to *ubmit tha
tame to tbe pa..pia. Knd preset iba tba form in which
it shall ba voted upon L j, ixSB.
Speaker of ths Bonaa of Da lacataa.
WII.LAAH BTICKNtT.
Pi ealdetit of tba Council.
Approved. A?rfst M.l?n
H D COOK K. Governor antl 9m
STOVES, Ac.
j;BPlB? HCAIUV BASUE.
Tba obIt rellsl'la BAMltl for hentlny room*
above, beaid. dome the ordinarv ca^inr <4 a
family. H. I GB??<?RY.
tiole (t 634 Pennaylvatiia av.-nua.
P V B I A C K n~
EDDT, CO km: I oo.n
BBLrFBKD
BABB BURKING.
Tbe most powerful heaters in the world
B. I. OKKGOKT,
no!6 6t *34 Pennsylvania avenu*.
\TICTOB U6BT PABI.OB NTOVBI
SKLF-FEBDIBC,
GAR AND BASE Bl RM1KU,
DOCBLB ILLT'BIB AT1B0,
ABD COAL 8ATIBG.
B. 1. OBEGOBT,
S4 PBHBBTLTARJA ATBBCE
WATCHES, JEWELRY, Etc.
A BOB B1AM0BM, M, A
?BBJ. L HOOP
frtm W to?' pa* aaaat balow tba
B.^Siat of tbeas Baa (aods havs
IT.
y a. c. a.
6TMKAMIVM AKD BOWLIWO ALLMT,
CORNBR B1BTH ABD B BTRBBTtt.
Opea from a. a te 10 p at.
Term*. |1B per moath. *r par i
Baths, Locksra aad Apparatas to i
TUB AMERICA B BTBMEBGBD DODBLB
A0T1B0 BOB EBEEEIBG BOBUB POMP.
I powsrf al In asa.
CB A KLBC WOOD,
Lh aad D straaia