Amnsements. cic, This Toemng.
et
AcapEMy oF Music.—English Opera: Atl: “Mar
w258 2: Chicago Relief BeneSt. ish Paropa-Rosa.
ASSOCIATION Harr. —At 3¢ Chicago Relief Concert.
Mme. Asoe Bishop.
BooTs’'s THEATER. —At 1} and at 8: Henry YIIL”
Mise Cushman.
FIrrn-AVENUE THEATER. At 1} and at 8: “Di
voree.''
GraxD OPERA House.—At 2 and at 8: “Eileen
Oge." Florence.
Lina Epwin's THEATER.~At 2 and at 8: Opera
Bouffe: La Perichole.” Mlle. Aimer.
NiBLO'S GARDEN.—At 2 and at 8: “The Streets of
New York” Mayo.
On ymPic TWRATER. At 2 and at 8: “Humpty
Dumpty.” G. L. Fox
STAT THEATER. —German Opera: “Lucia.” Wach
tel.
STEINWAY Harr.—De Cordova’s Lecture.
Union 8QUARE THEATER.—At 2 and at 8: Bur
lesque aad Pantomime Troupe.
WaLlack's THEATER. The Jealous Wife.”
Awrrican Inarrrore Exmisrmiox, Third-ave. and
Sixty third-st.—Open day and vight.
Dax Rice's Circus, Fourteenth-st., between
Recond and Third-aves
Say FRANCISCO MINSTRELS. —At 2 and at 8: Birch,
Wambold, ste.
Business Notices.
BR ee
STARR MARCUS,
22 Joux-st. (up stairs),
make a speeialty of the
“4% JORN-ST, (Np Wile),
make a speeialty of the
Goruax MaxvracToring Co.'s
STERLING SILVER WARE.
Fapecial attention is requested to the many mew and elegant pleces
mannfactured expressly to our order the past year, end quite recently
completed.
An unususlly attractive assortment of novelties, in fancy silver, cased
for wedding gifts, of an inexpensive character.
The works of the Gorham Company are very extensive, enabling them
to employ the most accomplished talent in designing, skill in producing,
and the best Iabor-saving machinery sad method of manufacture, thus re
ducing the cost, snd bringing these beautiful wares within the reach of
slmost every purchaser.
The standard of this Silver is that of British Sterling—825-1000,
SEVERAL FireMeN WERE KILLED”

AT THE GREAT CHICAGO FIRE.
181 CHICAGO FIRBMEN INSURED IN THE TRAVELERS
AGAINST DEATH BY ACCIDENT.
Many WERE KiLtep BY Faring Warns, or
BURNED TO DEATH.
ALL LOSSES WiLL BE PROMPTLY PAID
Insure against Accidents in the TRAVELERS LIFE AND ACCIDENT
Ixerpaven Coupany, of Hartford, Conn.
Nervous DEBILITY.
Howrmrzvs' No. 28 is a sure remedy for Nervousness, Loss of Energy
and Vigor, Low Spirits, &ke. ice, 85 per package of five $1 boxes,
and ove $2 via! of powder, which is important in all obstinate cases.
Rent free on receipt of movey. Send for manual Address HuMpPHRRYS
Srrcinc HomgoraTric MepiciNe Company, No, 562 Broadway, New
York, or cell at retail store, No. 817 Broadway.
GoLDp PENS.
Forry's CrreBraTED GoLp PENS,
The best’ and cheapest.
Factory 256 Broadway.
a TRstery th Bresdwey.
BarcnELorR's HAR DYE.~The best in the
L harmless, perfoct. Applied at Factory, Ne. 16
Boodle Soldevargwhons,
Po HKELER AND WILSON'S SEWING Macuixr,
wa! Wth-ot., down
without extra Wackiniaro let J.T. Bitte Pr
FURNITURE.—New d s of Upholstered
Furuiture that have mot been before in country, at
Kxoury's Furniture and Curtain Store, Broadway, near Astor-place.
“WINDOW SHADES.—French Embroidered, new
tterns, of all lengths; Holland Shades, and a] the new desirable Bhade
Fixtares. ___G. L. Krurr Co., 124 Broadway.
LLAMBREQUINS, DRAPERIES, &c.—New pat
terns, just out. All styles of Curtains at Kuury Co's,
Broadway, above Fourth-st.
el
Tar WILSON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.—
The best and cheapest first-class machines in the world| Price, from
$45 10 $100; easy pa ts. Salesroom, 707 Broadway.
Cosy AND COMFORTABLE HousES, with small
coal bills, by using RoEBUCK's WEATHER STRIPS.
RosBuUCK BRos., 58 Fulton-st., near CLE.
Fasy Boors.—Boots and Lasts made on a
new principle: only care for tender feet. Recommended b anatomists,
plysiciaus and chiropodists. WATKINS, 114 Fulton-st. and 867 Broadway.
THOMPSON'S POMADE OPTIME makes the hair
eoft, glossy, and luxuriant.
ARTIFICIALITIES—PALMER 1.IMBS.
678 Broadway, N. Y.; 1.608 Chestuut-st., Phila.; 31 Green-st.. Beston.
A SA
TERMS OF THE TRIBUNE.
Dany TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $10 per annum.
Skmi-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $4 peran.
WekkkLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subseribers, $2 per annum.
Advertising Rates.
Dairy TRIBUNE, 30c., 40¢., 50¢c., 75¢., and $1 per line.
SEMi-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, 2 and 50 cents per line.
WekkLY TRIBUNE, $2, $3, and $5 per line,
According to position in the paper.
Terms, cash in advance. i
Address. TRE TRIBUNE, New-York
THE TRIBUNE FOR THE CAMPAIGN.
Commencing with the issue of October 11, THE
Wrekry TRIBUNE will be sent, for six weeks, at the
following rates:
ONO COPYr.cvveerrercrsssnnnsens eeencsccODts 2B
[0 copies, to one address................. 2 00
20 copies, to one address. 300
5) copies, to one address................. 7 50
11%) copies, to one address. 12 00
Orders should be sent 1n at once. Terms cash in
advance.
Addres: Thue TRIBUNE, New-York.
New-Dork Daily Cribune.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1871.
TRIPLE SHEET.
The Newcastle strike now appears as far from settle
ment us ever, and is sccompanied with riotous demon
strations. Several persons have heen injured by
an accident on a Scotch railway, The new treaties
between Germany and France have been ratified.
An insurrection in Croatia has been quelled by the Aus
trians. A rupture between Sagasta and Zorrilla still
further complicates the politieal situation in Spain.
Roman Catholic monastic orders are leaving Rome for
England and the United States. An unsuccessful
revolutionary movement, in the City of Mexico, has been
suppressed.
The U. 8. Supreme Court will meet on Monday next,
Chief-Justice Chase presiding. Two powder-mills
have exploded at Gorham, Me., one man being killed
and several wounded. The Kiowa Indians are on
the war-path. The President Joft Washington for
Boston yesterday. Extensive forest fires have oc
curred on the Rocky Mountains.
Judge Ingraham granted 8 mandamus ordering Dep
uty Controller Green to issue assessment bonds. The
Board of Apportionment authorized the issue of bonds
for $350,000 to pay the firemen. The controversy
concerning the Queen's Cup races is settled. Ex
Judge Geo. C. Barrett was chosen President of a Young
Men's Municipal Reform Association. Gold, 114},
1148. 1144. Thermometer, 64°, 66-, 60°.
At last Mr. Ashbury has reached the end of
his quibbles. The various points at issue be
tween him and the New-York Yacht Club
have been amicably arranged, and the races
for the America’s Cup will promptly begin.
It is lamentable, indeed, that after all the
negotiations, there is no sign of pacification
of the troubles at. Newcastle. The unhappy
complications have now fallen into a deeper
depth than ever. This failure. when agree
ment seemed almost certain, may lead to dis
turbanoces and violence by the angry work

A new fleld for geological research has been
opened in the northern part of New-York by
the pushing forward of a railway line through
the wilderness between Saratoga and Ogdens
burgh. The wealth of this vast tract—both
scientifically and practically considered—is
ee a
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1671—TRIPLE SHEET.
1
i
_.
sketched in a letter printed to-day from an
inteHigent correspondent.

Wo print herewith a letter from Little Rock
exposing the villainies which have distracted
the Republican party in that State. Though
long, it will be found .deeply interesting as
well as instructive. It will serve to explain
the weakness and demoralization, of the Re
publican party, not only in Arkansas but in
several other Southern States, wherein selfish,
unprincipled, rapacious scoundrels have been
enabled to clutch the reins of authority and
ride recklessly over public interest and
private right to the achievement of their
sordid and shameful ends. We bespeak for
this letter the thoughtful ‘regard of honest
men of all parties, but especially of Members
of Congress, We submit that it proves a New
Departure vitally necessary.
The country has so far done nobly in the
cause of relief for Chicago. The sum total of
this City’s contribution now reaches $1,163,105
in cash and supplies, and the whole amount
of subscriptions to the same charity outside
of New-York will not at present fall short of
$8,000,000. This is cheering to contemplate;
and we hope that none will feel that the
work is done so long as a single sufferer
needs food, clothing, and shelter during the
coming Winter.
The account given by our special corre
spondent of the celebration of the taking of
Rome shows that the demonstration was
spontaneous on the part of the inhabitants.
It was only this character which prevented
the Italian Government from interfering, in
pursuance of their policy of conciliation, to
prevent any public commemoration of the
Naturally enough, the appointment of M.
Perier to the Department of the Interior, in
the so-called French Republic, excites the ire
of the real Republicans. M. Perier is identified
with the Orleanists, has never had any sym
pathy with Liberal movements, and is descended
from a house of office-holders in favor of a
monarchy. M. Thiers may like a Republic,
hut he does not seem to like Republicans.
In considering the Mormon difficulty it is
only fair that we look at the whole case. We
give to-day a dispassionate statement from a
correspondent at Salt Lake City, who sends us
a report of what the Mormons themselves say
about the troubles in Utah. It will be ob
served that Brigham Young, the chief crim
inal, has an excessively mean opinion of the
executors of the law—as though that helped
his own case materially.
The details of the situation at Chicago,
which Gov. Bross has furnished us, will be
read with special interest. The pluck with
which he and his associates of The Chicago
Tribune are meeting the emergency is worthy
of the men who have built up that great
power in journalism; and the views he ex
presses concerning the financial situation will
command the particular attention of our
Chamber of Commerce and all our business
men.
A special dispatch from the City of Mexico
brings the exciting intelligence that the mal
contents at the Mexican capital, headed by the
noted chief, Gen. Negrete, have actually risen,
and, aided by liberated prisoners, have carried
the citadel. But, as we might expect, the Gov
ernment has been found strong enough to crush
their rising, and the young rebellion was sum
marily quenched. The promptness with which
the newly reconstructed Government has
moved will have a wholesome effect on the
other political banditti of the Republic.
On another page we print two letters from
Mr. Nordhoff, who tells us pleasantly of much
that he saw and heard din West Virginia duar
ing a late ride through that exceedingly inter
esting region. Among the white and black
laborers working together amicably, among
the rude wayfarers who “take a little sugar
“in theirs,” among the men who think they
have a hard time because “the women have
“such dashed sharp tongues,” and through
the region where the railroad is pushing its
way up to open a rich mineral country, our
correspondent has journeyed, taking his will
ing readers with him.
When we commented yesterday upon the
character of the Republican Inspectors ap
pointed by Mayor Hall in the Eleventh Ward
as not encouraging, because they labored un
der the grave suspicion of not being known
to the general public, we bad not received the
later statements from our reporter sent out to
inquire into their character, which was
erowded into the paper at the last moment, and
which largely obviated any occasion for eriti
cism. We have had many just grounds of
complaint against Mayor Hall, and have not
been backward in urging them; but we take
pleasure in saying that in this matter we now
see nothing to I to.
When we succeeded in procuring what
seemed to us overwhelmingly conclusive proof
of the gross unfitness of Mr. Thomas Murphy
for his present place or for any Government
trust, we ivstantly laid the facts before the
public, and gave notice that in accordance
with the traditional policy of THE TRIBUNE
we should not weaken our war upon Demo
cratic corruption by either supporting, or only
ignoring Republican corruption. We hold
it a most encouraging sign of the
times that the voice of the press
throughout the entire country has so
overwhelmingly sustained this position. If
the Administration has been deluded into a
belief that fraud installed at the Custom
House can be condoned by warfare on fraud
at the City Hall, we invite its attention to the
very outspoken opinions of influential and
honest journals from New-York to California,
as briefly exhibited on our third page (first of
the supplement) this morning.
Nothing could be better than the appearance
and promise of the young men who gathered
last night at Chickering’s Hall, irrespective of
party, to organize for the war against muni
cipal corruption. They embraced some of the
very best elements of the City’s popn
lation and they bring to this work the
electric enthusinem which always makes
the aid of young men so valuable in public
movements. They will encounter two
dangers :—that of wasting their enthusiasm
in mere talk, and that of falling, insensibly,
wmto the hands of the politicians. Against
the first, the superior intelligence of the
young men who composed this first
meeting muy’ he trusted “tv provide
of the other there must always be grave
apprehension. What we want in municipal
affairs is a municipal, not National nor even
State policy. We want to choose our Mayors
because they will give us honest government,
not because they are in favor of a Republi
can of a Democrat or a Third Party man
for the Presidency; our Corporation Attor
neys because they will prosecute thieves,
not because they believe in Free-Trade,
or oppose the policy of Southern Recon
struction our Controller because he will take
care of the money we have, not because of his
views on the National Debt. Disconnect City
affairs from general politics, and bring young
men, identified with the business interests of
the City and the necessary guardians of its
future interests, to the front, and great point
has been gained in the work of Municipal Reform.
Because we believe this movement means just
this, and brings to the cause of good govern
ment very positive elements of strength from
classes who have hitherto too much neglected
their duty. we give it hearty welcome.
‘There seems to be some misapprenension
as to the points sought to be settled by the
parties to the mandamus case now before
Judge Ingraham. In his opinion yesterday,
the Judge intimated that he had no doubt of
the right of the Departments of Docks and
Parks to issue bonds to provide for the pay
ment of work done under their direction, in
cases where provision is made for the reim
bursement of the City by assessments levied
on the property benefited by the improve
ments. It has nowhere been contended, how
ever, on the part of the Deputy-Controller,
that the Two Per Cent Act bad any
effect on money raised by assessment; it has
been held that its provisions were applicable
solely to matters of taxation. The only ques
tion argued is that of the right of the Depart
ments of Docks and Parks to compel the Con
troller to issue bonds payable from taxation,
and a decision on the subject, which is cer
tainly a very important one, is yet to come.

It has been through no fault of Tue Tris
une that a detailed and minute description of
the Chicago calamity has not hitherto been
spread before the Eastern public. We were
carly represented on the ground by a full
corps of special correspondents, but when
the mails were disorganized and the tel
egraph. could receive only the briefest
messages through the Associated Press, we
were powerless; and our readers know well
enough that we never defraud them by sup
plying the deficiency of news by the
easy process of home manufacture.
At last the Western Union Company
on yesterday threw open its wires to the
special dispatches of Eastern journals, and this
morning our readers have the most accurate
and vivid descriptions of the terrible scene
which have yet found their way mto print.
Of course, no description can give a complete
picture of the grand and awful sight, any
more than any one writer can sketch from
one point all of the movements of a great
battle: but we can imagine what masses of
fire and sheets of flame moved over the
crumbling city. The rush of fugitives, the
clamor of the terrified, the roar of the de
stroyer, the torrid heats and the lund light
that blotted out the sky—all these were parts
of the mighty burning which has made the
destruction of Chicago one of the notable
events of history.
Bat the story of the calamity, terrible as it
is, has its brighter side, and we are glad to
be able to record something of the cheery and
philosophic spirit which pervades the business
men of Chicago. The scenes and incidents
which follow after the fire itself
are suggestive of pluck, endurance, and
well-balanced mind. Our special dis
patches make due reference to these traits,
and further accounts show thatjthe people of
the burned city are fired with a noble ambi
tion to deserve even more than has been ex
pected of them. Leading insurance companies
are paying off their losses; deposits of money
in safes and vaults buried in the ruins are
found intact, and there is even some revival
in branches of trade not directly interested in
the rebuilding of the city. We have reports
of many examples of individual enterprise,
and the general tone of the information de
rived from Chicago is encouraging, cheerful,
and suggestive of a new, strong, and beauti
ful city rising from its sudden prostration.
When the rival parties in On1o had made
their respective nominations, the result was
clearly foreseen by all intelligent political ob
gervers, Gen. Noyes was a strong candidate
for Governor Gen. McCook was a very weak
one, while there was strong ground for belief
that his momination was unfairly effected.
Then he entered upon the canvass and broke
down, which was a discouragement to his
party. That Gen. Noyes’s majority wonld be
between fifteen and twenty-five thousand, and
that—(mainly because of the Sunday law agi
ation and the nomination of distinet third
party tickets in the interest of Temperance)—
the Legislature was exceedingly doubtful, was
generally understood.
The Republicans have chosen all the State
Officers, a decided majority of the House,
and an undoubted majority on Joint Ballot.
The Senate is probably against them, because
of the splits in Hamilton County and the re
jection of the Invalid Soldiers’ votes in Mont
gomery. If that wrong could be redressed, the
victory would be complete but they who have
clutched power by disfranchising the one
armed and one-legged veterans will doubtless
‘hold on to it; as the State is now to be dis
tricted for Representatives in Congress. Our
folks have had the advantage in this contest,
despite the unwisdom of the ultra Prohibition
ists: still, the State is unquestionably Repub
ican.
PENNSYLVANIA seemed close and doubtful
‘down to July, when the Orange riots in this
City convulsed the country. The old German
‘element in thet State is intensely Protestant
and the spectacle of a Protestant procession
forbidden by a Democratic Mayor stirred its
‘blood like a trumpet-peal. Thenceforth,
Pennsylvania was mot doubtful, but the de
velopments of gigantic Ring” robbery in this
City have aided to strengthen the Republi
cans. And there were little Rings” at home
nearly as rapacious as the big “Ring” in this
City. Thus, York County—a Democratic
stronghold—has recently been plunged into
‘debt some hundreds of thousands of dollars
to build a Court-House and Jail, which, nev
ertheless, are not yet habitable. That fact
has cost the party in power there at least
half its usual majority. Doubtless, the Repab
licans have experienced jlike losses, but none
quite so palpable.
The Senate was last Winter Demoeratie by
Se mao; (17 4 16.) The State being now
thé view Feders! Censtts, this majority wold
consent to no apportionment that did not seem
to insure a continuance of its power. A com
promise was at length effected, which
was expected to render this result certain
yot tha firat trial haa nroved this an error.
THR STORY OF CHICAGO.
TE OCTORER ELECTIONS
The district composed of Franklin and
Cumberland Counties (usually Democratic
‘by 500 to 1,000 majority) has chosen a Repub
lican Senator, with a Republican representa
tive from each county. And it is reported
that the districi composed of Luserne, Pike,
and Monroe Counties—usually Democratio by
at loast 8,000—has elected Parrish, Republican,
over Collins, who was bolted by thousands of
Democrats only because he was Irish and a
Roman Catholic. We shall see the official returns
before feeling sure that Collins is beaten.
At all events, there is no doubt of a Re
publican majority in either branch, while the
Republican candidates for State Officers are
chosen by some 15,000 majority. And they do
not (as in Ohio) owe their success to their op
ponents’ weakness, since their Democratio
competitors are strong and popular men. Not
often, when no President, Governor or Mem
bers of Congress were to be chosen, have the
Republicans of Pennsylvania won so sweeping
a viotory.
Iowa was certain to go Republican by a
large majority, and has disappointed no one.
Though no Representatives in Congress were
to be chosen, her majority is nearly up to her
mark—40,000. It is understood that this in
sures the reélection of the Hon. James Harlan
to the U. 8. Senate.
Texas has gone heavily Democratic, but not
on National grounds. Her government has
been unpopular. Gov. Davis is generally
esteemed honest, but not very wise; her Legis
lature is widely accounted not wise enough to
be honest nor honest enough to be wise. The
fact that it shrank from an election at this
time was widely proclaimed a confession of
conscious unworthiness, It is against this
Legislature that the late verdict is rendered.
On the whole, the Republicans have done
nobly in the October Elections. And the omens
are good for November.
THRE INSURANCE CONVENTION.
How grave is the Insurance crisis the figures
on our fifth page attest. Opportunely, on
Wednesday next, the adjourned session of the
National Convention of Insurance Commission
ers will begin at Underwriters’ Hall, in this
city. It is safe to say that no meeting of a
business character possessing equal importance
has been held in this country for many years.
The Chicago disaster has so severely crippled
the comvanies that a number of them mnst
inevitably relinquish business, or reorganize
with fresh capital, and perhaps new names.
While too much praise cannot be given to
the Underwriters for the indomitable cour
age with which they have met the crash
ing responsibilities resulting from this
present calamity, as well as the honorable
manner in which they are preparing to satisfy
their creditors, it must be conceded that the
recklessness with which some of their risks
have been taken is to the last degree censur
able. We have heard of one Western com
pany which with gross assets of only three
fourths of a million had underwritten in
Chicago to the amount of five millions of
dollars! When we consider that, owing to
a number of causes, insufficiency of the
water supply, flimsy construction of the
‘majority of the buildings, and the like,
Chicago was far from being a first-class
insuring locality, such recklessness as this
takes on the character of actual criminality.
If the insurance laws of the several States
were wisely framed, it would be almost if not
quite impossible for such a thing to occur.
INinois has special statutes upon her books
which are oppressive and onerous in the ex
treme upon outside companies entering the
State. Now, with their own bankrupt, it is to
be hoped that Gen. Lippincott, her Auditor,
and Mr. Brinkerhoff, her intelligent and lib
eral-minded Insurance Superintendent, will
second the efforts of the public to have these
obnoxious restrictions upon others removed.
The meeting of the Convention on Wednes
day next will unquestionably result in an
agreement between the Commissioners that
uniform statutes to regulate the business of
all kinds of insurance companies are impera
tively demanded. The defects in existing firein
surance laws have been brought into glaring
relief by the Chicago calamity. It is now evi
dent that the strong hand of the State must
be laid upon those who would organize and
conduct companies 1 violation of the dictates
of prudence and the common rules of
business. The prompt recognition of this
fact, followed by an equally prompt
action on the part of the delegates, on the
reassembling of their respective Legislatures,
will be incalculably important to the public
interest. Superintendent Miller, on his return,
immediately upon learning the news of the
fire, called upon a few of the principal under
writers, and gave them the most unreserved
assurances of his desire to help them over
their difficulties. Of his own motion he pro
posed that a meeting of insurance company
officers should be held on Monday at noon to
exchange views as to the best course to adopt.
This is highly satisfactory, and will take a
load of anxiety off the minds of the gentlemen
most interested. Occurring as it does so close
upon the heels of this crisis, Mr. Miller's ac
tion probably removes the last apprehension
of an insurance panic. Notice has already
been given to the Secretary of the Convention
that some twenty «vr more States will send
delegates to its meccline, The only im
portant one, we believe, about which there
is doubt is Massachusetts, which may be
tempted to stand aloof, as in May.
JUDGE BARNARD'S LESSON.
Judge Barnard has given us another start.
Ile has sent away Oakey Hall's packed Grand
Jury, with the Mayor's amiable uncle at its
head; and has hinted that just now, while
criminal actions are menaced against so many
of the city authorities, it may be better that
a panel of gentlemen less embarrassed with
business (and other things) should relieve
them of their labors. The Judge is quite
right. We mean no disrespect to the persons
whom he has discharged; but it has been un
mistakably shown that nearly half of them
are in too close relations with the Tammany
Ring to undertake an inquest in which the
Ring is likely to be involved.
This unexpected action is gratifying for
more reasons than one. It gives us better
hope that the municipal thieves and swindlers
will get their deserts, and it ‘shows that even
in corrupt, plundered, and oppressed New
York—nay, even in the Supreme Court of the
First Judicial District—the power of public
opinion is a» great reform agency whieh not
even the boldest can afford to despise. If
there is one friend and supporter of the Ring
who has been thoaght utterly insensible to
public opipion and immovable by any moral
inflaence, that friond- is the Hea. George G.
Barnard, He has seemed to be a man who
prided himself in shocking the sentiment of
the community, and in doing openly what most
Judges would tremble even to do in secret; and
with this courage he has combined a devotion
to the Tammany Directory upon which we
bave all counted as a matter of course. Yet
at this moment there does not seem to be a
more useful and practical reformer on the
bench than George G. Barnard. He put Con
nolly out of office, and he acts now as if
he was quite ready, on sufficient proof, to
put Oakey Hall into jail. How far he may be
willing to go in protecting the city against
plunderers, and punishing the thieves who
have been found out, we cannot tell; but so
far he has done more than we expected, and
we thank him.
The conversion of Judge Barnard is the
most remarkable and most cheering evidence
of the power of public sentiment which we
can just now call to mind. If an election
ghould be held to-morrow, Tweed, Hall, Con
nolly, Garvey, and Ingersoll, with merely
their usual facilities for reaching voters, could
no doubt be chosen to any offices it pleased
them to select. They could be chosen, too,
by honest majorities, Their army of fol
lowers has not been disbanded by the recent
uproar. The multitude of Democrats who
would vote for a gorilla if Tammany Hall told
them to is substantially intact—as the history
of the Rochester Convention indisputably
proves—and, in short, Tammany is still strong
enough to defy the Democratic party, and
compel it to enter the Presidential contest
weighed down with the crushing load of
Mr. Tweed’s frauds. And still there is such a
mysterious force in the indignation of an
honest public that the Ring falls to pieces
without risking an encounter; Hall invites
Connolly to come and be buried; the Control
ler tells the police to search the Mayor's
pockets Barnard urges the Grand Jury to
indict official swindlers, and sachems and
braves are scrambling out of Tammany Hall
with undignified haste, lest it fall and crush
them. So it is never a hopeless battle between
right and wrong. The desponding citizens
who have quietly held out their purses to the
spoiler year after year, because it seemed use
less to resist, may learn from this victory that
if we only fight for it bravely, the good cause
will triumph in the long run, though twice
our numbers fight against us. Truth and
honesty are worth a multitude of men.
The XV V Times AVR
We should regard the victory of the Ring in Novem
ber as a signal public disaster—a disaster to be mourned
over with mingled shame and sorrow. But this is probably
only another defect in our ‘way’ of looking al this malter,
and THE TRIBUNE'S ‘way’ is not the same thing at all—
and, as we sald at first, we are very glad, for the sake of
the public, that it is not. Meanwhile, until we are stop
ped by some new ‘code amendments’ of Hall's, we
shall crave permission to continue our part of the con
test in our own method, bad as it may be.”
—To which Tug TRIBUNE responds:
The Times is perfectly welcome to go any
“way” it chooses, so far as it does not bear
false witness against its neighbor. But when
it sees fit to assert that THE TRIBUNE has
rendered “a verdict of acquittal” in the case of
Mayor Hall, it willfully and wickedly calum
niates us, while meanly withholding from its
readers the paragraph on which its slander is
based, and which needs but be seen to re
fute its calumny. And this is of a piece
with the course of The Times toward THE
TriBuNeE from the outset of this discussion.
The exigencies of its faction—perhaps its own
exigencies also—have seemed to constrain it
to assert that those Republicans of this City
who do not train in its troop are “Tammany
Republicans "—and it has persisted in so tra
ducing them, in {flagrant violation of truth.
And this it shall not do with impunity, even
if it be its wav.”
Ohio correspondence of THE TRIBUNE, here
with printed, shows to what carefully organized
machinery and faithful working the Republi
cans owe their recent stirring victory in that
State. The same letter explicitly exposes the
absurd idea that any Presidential speculations
were allowed to complicate a contest which
was too sharp to be mixed with outside ques
tions—which began by setting aside the Presi
dential candidate, and ended in a triumph
more complete than the most hopeful had
anticimnated.
THE MANISTEE (MICH. FIRE.
FURTHER PARTICULARS—TERRIBLE SUFFERING
AMONG THE PEOPLE—APPEALS FOR AID.
Detrorr, Mich., Oct. 13.—Full particulars of
the burning of Manistee, Mich., on Sunday night, were
received to-day. About 10 o'clock the fire-engine gave
out, after which the flames ravaged the helpless town
unopposed, the wind blowing a gale all night.
The loss 1s estimated at nearly $1,000,000, upon
which there 1s only $80,000 insurance. The sufferings of
the people are beyond description, Manistee being so far
beyond immediate communication that considerable
time passed before their wants could be made known.
The people of Grand Rapids and Grand Haven promptly
supplied their immediate necessities, and Senator Ferry
and the Mayor of Grand Rapids have issued an earnest
appeal to the people of the whole State for aid. They
say the latest news from Manistee more than confirms
all previous reports of the suffering existing there. The
necessities of the people are imperative. They need im
mediately flour, meat, and clothing. Direct all supplies
to Senotor Ferry, Grand Haven. A Government vessel
will carry all contributions from Grand Haven to Manis
tee. The people of Detroit and other cities in Michigan
are responding nobly to the appeal made to their gene
rosity. A car-load of provisions leaves here to-night for
Grand Haven, and one goes from Lansing in the morn
ing. Large quantities of clothing, bedding, and provis
ions are being forwarded Ly boats to Port Huron, Lex
ington, and Port Sanilac, for the relief of the sufferers.
Hundreds of destitute people have conxregated at those
places.
LATER.—Reports from Holland announce that the Rev.
Mr. Scott is safe, and it is now believed that no lives
were lost at the burning of hat town.
FRESHETS IN NEW-ENGLAND
Da
UNPRECEDENTED RISE IN THE PENOBSCOT RIVER.
BANGOR, Me., Oct. 13,—The heavy rain of
yesterday caused an almost uuprecedented freshet in
the Penobscot, the water having risen nearly nine feet
in 24 hours, and still rising. About five million logs,
sunk in “dead water” above Oldtown, have broken from
thelr fastenings, and are fast floating past this oity.
Large quantities Jmust inevitably be lost. It is feared
that much damage will be done to bridges, &c. No train
on the Maine Central Railroad has arrived since Thurs
day morning. One will be due about midnight.
A BAW-MILL AND SEVERAL BRIDGES SWEPT
AWAY.
PORTLAND, Me., Oct. 13.—A saw-mill, owned
by Merritt Brothers, at North Pownal, was entirely
swept away by the freshet of Thursday. Many bridges
were also destroyed. It is the severest freshet that has
occurred here for many years.
THE KIOWA INDIANS ON THE WAR PATH.
WasaingroN, Oct. 13.~The acting Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs has received a dispatch from Mr.
Tatum, Indian Agent for Fort Bill, Indian Territory,
dated Sept. 96, in which he says that, through the Oo
he that it was the Kiowas who
Killed PAtieE Neal std John Johnson, fow days
vious, and that  Suothet naiding band of Kiowas
killed a soldier the same time at Otter Creek, on
Shuts Sue Jeervation, says, moreover, that large
on of feel inclined to break ous Me more gen
eral hostilities. The also stated that several
faiding Datties of the quaha dow Comanches” were
or for raiding into Texas.
Senator Sumner was in New-York, yester
day, for the first time since the State he so honorably
represents rescued itself from the attack of Butler.
The Hon. Wm. M. Evarts has just returned
from an absence of some months in Burope, and, 1% is
hoped, may be able to take su active part in wae State
cAlUDAIZE LOW VROCLLLL.
MEBTTTAVUSBRAD DEW RnUOYE.
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING OF YOUNG
CHICKERING TALL—STERN MEASURES YOR
REFORM—SPEECH OF EX-JUDGE GEO. C.
BARRETT. y
One of the most promising of the move
mounts to oust from power s band of avaricious plander
ers, and secure at all hazerds an honest
election, ws the meeting at Chickering Hall
last evening of young men who desire, irre-’
spective of party interest, the financial and polidiesl
reform of this miagoverned city, The wealthiest and
most honored families, as well as some of the first busi.
ness houses in the city, were represented by at least 600
men,
Tho meeting was organized by C. A. Ogden, who pro...
posed Peter B. Olney for President, Louis F, Whiten and
23 others for Vice-Presidents, and Charles P. Miller and,
four others for Secretaries. This list was adopted, snd,
Mr. Olney, in assuming his seat, made a speech full of
cheer and confidence, yet not ignoring the mag
nitude of the struggle which was to be made.
He then called for the report of the Committee of Eleven,
appointed last Saturday evening at the Law School, aa
Organization and Constitution. Julien T, Davis, chair"
man of that Committee, replied that it was proposed after
the adjournment of the meeting that the members organ
ize themselves into different Ward  Asso
clations, each to be formed of those resident,
taxpayers, or doing business withing the Ward.
Mr. Davis stated that it was not the purpose of the Asso
ciation to run any one maa for office, to support any par
ticular ticket, or to act in conjunction with any partica
lar organization. Mr. Davis, at some length and with
great spirit, urged upon his hearers the importance ot
prompt, decisive, and pertinacious efforts, anda com
plete unanimity of action and resolve. The report of the
Committee, and the Constitution as reported, were
adopted,
y
The Committee also presented as permanent Presiddgns
of the Association the name of ex-Judge Geo. C. Barrgit.
The announcement was received with enthusiastic §p
plause, and he was chosen by acclamation. Previousito
his speech in acceptation, a committee of nine wha
chosen to present a ticket of other officers of the
ciation, Mr. Barrett then said:
The dificulty we labor under, gentlemen, is one
Many years 8 wpdiog, The disease is chrome, the aps
ploarken have been insidious. Ten years ago we could
ve stopped it all with an expenditure of very little
time and very little effort; but now the time must he
much longer and the effort almost Soper hump. To
day you can express your opinion fn the
streets and Dablie journals, but yeu can’t express
it at the ballot-boz! That means revolution {ADplaaan
1 don’t mean to speak rashly, or like a dela gugue, but
simply say that this freedom we have a right to, and
must have. Our fathers died for that principle. New
you may to the Jols and vote, and so may the whole
city, and the result will 5. out of those boxes in accord
ance with the will of thé Ring.” Now, you are right
down to the bottom of society. We are Feoonstruching
it. There is only one way to do, and tha
is what many of you did when the late
war broke out—you must be ready to fight, You mu
be courageous, and enlist for three years or the war.
[Applause.] 1f you want the vote honestly counted yow
must organize this city with honest, decent, respectable
young men who are ready, if necessary, to
tight for their country and, if necessary, to die
for it. You have a pevteciiy legal [leny
to go to the polling places, and when the polls are cl
to see the vote counted. Any orderly, peaceable citizen
has that legal right, and any attempt to take away tha
right ean legally be met by as much force as is ne
to prevenl it. [(Applsuse.] God forbid that I shoul
counsel violence, but you are in the Tit, and the au~
thorities, from the Mayor to Governor,
are bound to protect yon in the exercise
of it, and none will attempt to deprive
you of it but a ruftian, and against such you have a reg
to defend yourselves. Now organize yourselves. 1]
together as wor honest fellows as you can. Let them
sign the roll, and give you their addresses and places of
business. Let them be ready at the summons to go and
not only vote, but stay at the polls, and see fair voting
and fair counting. Argument is use the people now
know all. You must act/ {Applause.]
The Committee of Nine at s juncture reported the
remaining officers of the Association:  Vice-Presidents—
Peter B. Olney, M. C. D. Borden, Waldron Brown, Wm,
Jay, and James M. Varnum Recording Searelarys Chas.
B. Miller Sortosponding Secretary, Edward Mitchell;
Dr. Frank M. Weld; Committee on Finance, H. F. Dim
ock and A.T. Van Nest. Prof. Dwight of Columbia
College, and Col. Rush Hawkins followed, and, after
short remarks from Gen, Kidder and Elliot Smith, the
Association adjourned, a large proportion remaining to
form ward organizations, and to commence in good earns
est the war against fraud.
fe.
PREPARATIONS FOR THE FUNERAL OF THE VICe
TIMs OF THE ELECTION RIOT.
PrarcapeLpuia, Oct. 13.—~The police ara
searching for the murderers of Catto and Chase. Gen,
Hagner, in his order for the parade of the colored bri.
gade, to attend Major Catto’s funeral on Monday, says2
“It was while in the act of obeying an order be
received as a soldier, that the murder met him, Hawi
been ordered by the Assistant Adjutant-Genersl of
brigade to instruct several officers of this communA ta
order their men to the armories to be ready to aid in’ they
suppression of the riot then in progress, he proceeded
bome to obtain his gauipmeiits, and while upou his owwr
Soor grep was ruthlessly assaylted with a bludgeon,
knocked down, and mortally wounded by ig shots
through the heart and in the right arm, left shoulder
and left thigh. Thus terminated the life of
Major Catto. Conscientious and faithful pe
an officer, he labored effectively in the organization o
this command, and fell an honored and respected soldier
of the Commonwealth, In civil life he was known as an
accomplished scholar and educator; in literary circles, aa
a distinguished linguist, whose thorough knowledge of,
the languages will render it difficult to fill his professor's
chair, He was an upright Christian, whose piety was
lofty and sincere; a pure-minded patriot, who served
bis country in her darkest bour a courteous Soutien
and reliant soldier, who died as he lived, without fear
aud without reproach.”
The body will lie in state at the City Armory on Mone
day. The Coroner's jury is investigating the circum.
stances of the murder. The evidence is conclusive tha#
Frank Kelly was the murderer. Some witnesses testify
that Catto fired a shot at his assailant, and others thad
he did not fire, The police sergeant swore to finding a
pistol on the body of the deceased, but it was emply and
had not been recently fired.
Wrrrn™
THE CONSTITUTIONAL ELECTION.
The following table includes the vote of all
the towns in the State except New-shorehawn, North
Kingstown, and Exeter. All the amend ments are rejected,
dnd only one has received a plurality of votes. Three
fifths of the number voting are necessary to ratify am
amendment. The first amendment provosed to #ollsk
the property qualification for siffrage for citizens of
foreign birth. This was by ‘ar the most important, and
on this the vote has been most emphatic, belng 3,114 ix
the affirmative, aud 8,366 in the negative. The second
amendment proposed to abolish tle registry tax of one
dollar for the support of public education, as
a qualification for suffraze for nou-tAX-payers.
This received 3,614 votes to 5,883 in the nega
tive. The third amendment proposed to pro
hibit any appropriation of public money for the support
of sectarian schools. This received 5,098 affirmative
votes against 4,424 in the negative, which 1s not a consti.
tutionsl majority. The Providence Journal says thut the
vote against this amendment wus an expression of the
popular disgust at the continual meddiiug with the Con
Py ion with which the people are satlstied as it is.
ee ART, V. =m
Counties. Adopt.  Bejeet.
Providence. 2,467 3,597
Newport. 0 552
Washipgton....... 115 7
RKomt.oceueessesssn 139 313
BASSO eu crzsrerees 10 9
MAILE ee cose es 3.114 6.08
tll
ART, V Lo
Adopt.
2,942
203
mn
136
3,014
Releet.
3,202
758
542
5,883
ART. Vil 0
3 3,523
518 527
363 54
308 743
2330 we
5,098 4,404
THE EFFECT OF HARD WORK AND CAREFUL OR
GANIZATION—HOW THE CANVASS WAS CON
DUCTED=-THE RESULT NOT AN INDORSE
MENT OF PRESIDENT GRANT.
CoLumaus, 0., Oct. 12,—The brilliant Repulb
lican victory won at the election in this State on Tucsday
shows the value of thorough organization and persistent
and persevering work on the part of Central and local
Committees. To these causes must be fairly attributed
the handsome majority our general ticket received and
the rescue of the Legislature from the Democrats whe
would certainly have secured a majority on jolat ballod
in that body If it had not been for the vigilant and adtive
fight made by the Republicans in all doubtful counties
under the excellent, generalship of the State Cenlray
Committee.
The Central Committee did not, as had before been the
custom, rely upon county committees to do the work of”
local organisation, but secured a committee of two or
three active Republicans in every township and ward
with whom they were in constant correspondence. In
sddition to this an organisation of yousg men betweon
the ages of 31 and 36 was formed, with headquarters ab
Columbus, snd ramifications throughout the Siate.
These young Republicans, who were all fresh in politics,
snd many of whom wore aboat to coat belr fost 24 00Y
went inta the canvass with an enthusissm that
the oller politicians. They did much of the hard work
of the campaign, such as polling thelr tSownebipe and
wards in advance of the election, to learn the prodiles
tions of awney, vejer, ceavinelag the dopbitul, x lskeitog.
ting documents, and bringing dilatory aad
voters $0 the pails. This efficient auxiliary organisation
might well bo copied by Republicans ta States yoi to
vote this Fall.
The result of the election eanuot bo taken as aa ln
dogpement ot the eandidasy of Presiden) Gupat Jor We.
A
POLITICAL.
NEW-YORK'S NEW HOPE

PENNSYLVANIA.
PHODF ISIAND
THE OHIO FLECTION.