8
Si|c publican.
NEW ENGLAND NEWS ITEMS
MprlagdeM and Vltiaitr.
M. W. Mallcy, ol the Monitor fancy goods
store, bas suspended payment.
Mr Chester W. Chapin made some princely
Christmas gifts, including a cheek for $50,000 to
each of his four children.
Rev Ralph Perry of Agawam, representative
elect to Boston, was surprised at his residence on
Friday evening, by some 50 friends, who present
ed him a $75 gold watch and chain and Mrs Per
ry an easy chair, Col Harvey Wolcott and
Miss Carrie Leonard doing the honors for the
donors. Rev Mr Perry responded brieliy and
ftclinglv for himself and his wife. He has just
completed the 28ih year of his nastorate in Aga
wam.
Felix Chiliingworth of this city is understood
to be a candidate for appointment ou the labor
commission authorized by Mr Hoar’s bill. He
has been long and closely identified with labor
interests, but has not thought it necessary to
work outside oi the republican party; and if it
is conceded, as seems to be the case, that the
working-men’s appointee shall be a labor re
former, of course his fealty to his party would
deprive him of the honor.
The Hartford papers report that ice a foot
thick has been cat from the Connecticut river at
that city. Not so ere. Our ice dealers have
not harvested a particle as yet, their nearly ma
tured plans being overthrown by the recent thaw.
The “first two days of Christmas’ —Monday and
Tuesday—were exceedingly mild, and those who
belie.-e that they can be relied upon as the calen
dar davs for the coming January and February,
are boid to predict an open winter and an unfa
vorable one for the ice business. Most of onr
dealers, however, have large stocks on hand, car
ried over from last winter.
The venerable mother of our new postmaster,
Gen Lee, and our other townsmen, Messrs
Charles M. and Henry S. Lee, died, Wednesday,
at th» resilience of the lattei on Union street. See
was a quiet, earnest, hard-working woman of the
old New England pattern, —a devoted wife, a ten
der and self-sacrificing mother,—one os
numerous company of such who gain their re.
ward and win their glory through their children.
It is a pleasant thought for those who knew her
a generaiion ago, that her last years were passed
in rest and comfort in her old home, to which,
after a long absence, her youngest son restored
her, and has there watched over her declining
years with the fidelity of a man and the tender
ness cf a woman.
“Three times and out.” After failing twice to
obtain the needed two-thirds vote (though secur
ing a majoritv each time), the friends of the
Sp’ringfieid arid Athol railroad in Chicopee called
another meeting, which was held Tuesday aid
resulted in the passage by a handsome majority
of the desired vote to subscribe SIOO,OOO to the
stock of that ro&d. E. V. B. Holcomb preside,
and a good deal of interest was manifested. Dr
W. W. Jenness occupied more than four hours in
talking aeainst the measure, and reached the cli
max when he exclaimed with dramatic earnest
ness, “God knows, if he knows anything, that
mv heart is pure!’’ This was “2 mutch,” and
the meeting showed its appreciation of his elo
quence in the Draper manner. The yote stood;
Whole number of ballots 628, necessary fora
choice 419; yeas 446, nays 182 George D. Rob
inson was appointed the agent of the town to act
in the matter, and an appropriation of S3OO was
made tc defray his expenses. These details were
also fonght by Dr Jenness, but whatsoever he op
posed the town adopted. We should think the
doctor would take the hint after awhile and
“simmer down.”
Western manantJiattests;
Horace Lewis of Hoasatonic (Great Barring
ton) was carried around a shaft in the Owen
paper company’s mill at that place, Thursday
morning, and ins-antly killed. He was about 50
years of age and leaves a wife and children.
Mr Eraetus Hopkins of Northampton has re
turned from New York, unimproved in health,
and his disease, paralysis, is too evidently gain
ing rapidly upon his remaining strength. He is
indeed quite low.
Mr Sawyer’s Nashawannnck company at Last
hamp ton made and sold over $500,000 worth of
suspenders and other elastics last year. They
are just introducing some new styles with little
photographs of Lydia Thompson, Lotta and
other popular favorites on the buckles, so that a
gentleman may wear his pet near his heart.
Mrs Henry Sawyer of West lioylston was
thrown from a sleigh, Thursday, and fatallv hurt.
Notwithstanding Mr S. T. Spaulding of North
ampton was invited to run for Congress inde
pendently in the ninth district, and accepted the
invitation, it is not probable now that he will do
so. From present indications there will be no
democratic or other opposing candidate, and Mr
Crocker will walk over the course on the 2d of
January unchallenged.
The Monson national bank pays a dividend of
5 per cent, Jannary 1.
The Hampshire manufacturing company at
Huntington, at its recent annual meeting, chose
the following officers: President, J. W. Gibbs of
Russell; agent and treasurer, A. J. Stanton of
Huntington; secretary, E. N. Woods of Hunting
ton; directors, J. W. Gibbs of Russell, Jabez
Stanton, Schuyler Clark and John i arks of
Huntington and R L. Bromley of Chester. The
company declared a semi-annual dividend of 6
per cent at this meeting, although they have been
operating their mills but six months.
A strong effort is being mad*- to secure the
pardon of Julius Hartwell, imprisoned at Pitts
field for defrauding the government in con- I
nection with the Mellen Ward "irregularities” j
at Boston, and the Pittsfield Eagle hopes it will j
be successful. We hope not. Punishment for
the crime of robbing the government is quite too
easily evaded nowadays, and executive clemency
is exercised in this direction much too freely for
the public good.
Hine, the Great Barrington bank robber, will
plead guilty at the next month’s term of court,
and it is said bis friends will not try to shield
him from punishment. The bank loses $12,000,
and has paid the reward for nine’s capture to
the chief of police and-a detective of Sin Fran
cisco.
The sudden death at Chicago of Mrs Marietta
Bnlkeley, late of Pittsfield, will bring sharp pain
to manv loving relatives and friends in Massa
chusetts. She was a woman of uncommon
amiability, enthusiasm and capacity,—having
the power of attraction in an unusual degree,—
and a zeal with knowledge for the comfort and
happiness of family, friends and neighoora. Sue
will be mourned as a personal loss by whoever
knew her, and as one irreparable and inestima
ble by those near to and dependent upon her.
Her death was instant, probably from heart dis
ease, hastened or developed by her deep sympa-,
thy and severe labors for the relief of her fellow
sufferers by the Ctficago fire.
A Pittsfield woman makes the regular assess
ment of $25 upon each of the iiauor dealers in
that town who sell the ardent to her husband,
and they “come down” rather than stand a pros
ecutiOD.
Petitions have been filed in the United States
court at Boston for the bankruptcy of George II
Foster of Lancaster, Jonathan E James of East
hampton and Barney McHugh of Hatfield-
At their club meeting, last week, the farmers
of Ludlow compared notes, and came to the con
clusion that tobacco has paid well, this seaton;
that corn, hay, beef and pork were nearly a fail
ure; that the ruwen crop was good, and the po
tato crop in many instances above the average.
The sentence of Lyman White, the Sbutesbury
murderer, by the supreme court at Greenfield,
seems to have been made with extraordinary haste
“The court” wi-ned to take the Boston traiu, and
assembled before the appointed time, dispatched
the bnsiness and in ten minutes departed. Attor
ney General Alien appeared in the court room
protnptlv at the designated hoar, only to find
that me plea of manslaughter bad beeD accepted,
the prisoner sentenced, and the court adjourned.
Tue Lew building erected at Westfield by the
manufacturers’ eo-oporative association lor rent
ing rooms and power, was dedicated by a bail,
Christmas night. The capital of the company is
*SO coo ana xa e cost of the bniidiag about
SBO 000.
The Massachusetts Central railroad hare decid
ed to enter the village of Northampton by the
“north route,” croasiug the river above the pres
ent bridge, running across the rear line of John
W. Uubbard’s homestead, near the cattle-show
grounds, and crossing North street just south of
Charles Delano’s new residence. The railroad
company has purchased the homesteads of Mar
ru> Morton, the Misses Scegar, Webster Herrick
and the slaughter house property on King street,
and are negotiating for the homestead of Eli
phalet Williams, whose property divides their
purchase Owing to his advanced years and the
dependency of an infirm sister. Sir Williams is
averse to having his home disturbed.
The cost of the construction of the Z >ar bridge
over the Deerfield river was $8949, which amount
the county commissioners have assessed equally
upon the towns of Charlcmont and lijwe, in ac
cordanco with legislative enactment.
William L. Crosby, lately overseer in the spin
ning room at the cotton mill in Ilaydenville, was
agreeably surpri-ed, Saturday evening, by the
present of a beautiful Bible and Bibie dictionary
from the operatives in his room. Mr Crosbv
goes into the repair shops of the Boston and Al
bany railroad In this city.
The marriage of Mr Samuel W. Bowerman,
one of Berkshire’s prominent lawyers and an ex
senator, to Miss Gracia E., daughter of Dr A. M
Smith of Pittsfield, took place in St Stephen’s
church in that town, Tuesday morning. The
warm sun and balmy air, so unusual for the
season, together with the beautiful Christmas
trimmings of the church, rendered the occasion
an especially joyons one. Rev Leonard K Storrs,
tho new rector, performed the ceremony, which
was witnessed bv a brilliant audience.
It was freely stated by Col Crocker’s friends,
both previous to and at the Greenfield conven
tion, that he desired to remain in Congress only
for the balance of the present term. This was
stated with so much positiveness, that it was
taken as fact by many of the friends of the other
candidates, and led them to believe that next fall
the field wiil be open for the selection of a Hamp
shire man for the next Congress. It is at least
worth while to olace these assurances on record.
Northampton Gazette.
Dexter Stowell of Petersham, 82 years of age,
and for some time blind, died in his chair, one
day last week.
Several persons are spending the winter at the
Pittsfield hotels and boarding houses for the ben
efit of their health, the climate being recom
mended by physicians for its tonic qualities.
Among them is William Lawrence, who was
t-t-moriy 0 f the Boston firm of Amos Lawrence
Brothers, and who is accompanied by his fami
ly.
Elisha Jenks of Cheshire, who was so severely
injured by an accident some two months since,
was on Wednesday expected to survive but a few
hours.
The little village of Harvard was the scene of
a brutal murder on the night before Thanks
giving, which, owing to the seclusion of the
locality, has only just reached the general pub
lic. It appears that John Doyle, a laboring man
about 50 years old, living with his daughter and
her husband, was found dead upon his bed, cov
ered with blood and braises, on the morning of
November JO, concerning which tragedy neither
Griffin nor his wife would give any satisfactory
account. The post mortem examination at the
inquest indicated murder, and such was the ver
dict, though it did not criminate Griffin or his
wife. Everything, however, circumstantially
pointed to them as the murderers, and Griffin
was arrested for the crime on the 16th, and his
wife as accessory, bat on being arraigned, both
pleaded not guilty. After a lull hearing, they
were committed to jail at Worcester, to await the
action of the grand jury in Jannary.
A pious lady in Franklin county made the
"Methodist missionary society of New England”
her residuary legatee in her wiil, proved some
three years since. No such society existing, her
next of kin claim the residue.
Eastern VlnsMachuaett*.
The proprietors of the American, Revere, Tra
mont, Parker’s and Sherman houses a: d Young’s
betel at Boston were complained of for “first of
fenses” under the liquor law, Thursday, and
fined $lO and costs. Next time the constables
propose to lock them up.
Tne “old ’uns" at Boston are protesting ear
nestly against the proposed destruction of the
venerable but inconvenient elms iu the sidewalk
on Tremont street, in front of the “Granary
burying ground." Nothing has stirred them up
so for a long time.
fiThe annual dinner of the alumni of Williams
college in Boston and vicinity will occur at the
Parker house on Monday evening, January 8.
Michael Griffin, son-in-law of Patrick Doyle,
recently murdered at Ayer, has been arrested on
suspicion of being concerned in the affair, if not
the perpetrator of the murder. He is the second
supposed murderer arrested, Keating being the
first.
A peculiar will case was decided by the judge
of probate for Middlesex, last week. Mrs Eliza
beth E. Craig, a widow, having a son and two
daughters, left all her property, about SBOOO, to a
New Orleans music master named Kernow, with
whom she had lived as his wife. It was claimed
that the will was made under improper circum
stances, and the judge set it aside, it was held, on
the other hand, that, if the wiil was set aside,
Kernow was entitled to his share as heir-at-law,
on the ground oi his relations to deceased. The
judge did not think the claim a legal one, and
the children have the property.
The steamboat train on the Boston, Hartford
and Erie railroad met with a serious accident,
Sunday morning. The train was 13 hoars late,
owing to the storm, and when near Douglas the
engine struck a large rock, which had been
washed on to the center of the track, breaking
the pilot in two, breaking the axle of the tender,
and smedhing every brake of the train. The
train consisted of a baggage, smoking and pas
i senger car, the latter of which fortunately was
j not thrown from the track. The embankment at
I the point where the accident occurred was full 80
feet high, and if the car had gone off, serious
loss of life wonld probably have resulted. The
train reached Boston at 7 o’clock in the evening.
A fellow of low oegree named Joseph R. Sala,
has been held in S7OOO bail at Boston for an at
tempt to raps his illegitimate daughter.
The state police made 20 liquor seizures at Low
ell, last week, and Major Emery of the Merrimack
house closed his bar last evening, rather, as
he says, than to enter into any arrangement to
pay the state constables to let him “quietly
alone” in the future. He will shut up his hotel
in March, and let the whole building for business
purposes.
Application was made in the supreme court
at Boston, Saturday, for an injunction to restrain
the Boston and Maine railroad from issuing the
$2,000,000 additional stock recently voted. A
temporary injunction was granted for one week,
when the question cf making it perpetual will be
decided.
Laskey, who recently escaped from the Charles
town state prison, was captured near South Ber
wick, Me., on Friday.
The barn ol Lucius Beebe at Wakefield was
burned, Friday night, with ail its contents, in
cluding a horse and three cows; loss S4OOO, par
tially insured.
The verdict of the coroner’s inquest fully justi
fies the killing of Yanner, the Lynn murderer,
by City Marshal Barrett
William A Glover, tried at Boston in August
for being accessory before the fact to the lioyls
ton bank robbery.—-the jury then disagreeing,
has just had his bail reduced from $50,000 to
SSOOO, which amount he wiil probably procure.
The number of students in the various depart
ments of Harvard university is le*s by 210 than
it was last year—a falling off of 105 medical stu
dents, 20 law students and 129 attendants on uni
versity lectures. There is a gain of 11 in under
graduates, and a slight one in dental and Episco
pal theological students. The Bussey institution,
now in its first year of operation, has 18 stu
dents, of whom four are women. A new grade
of honors, called “second year honors,” open
both to sophomores and juniors, has been estab
lished.
The will of Nathaniel Whiting of Watertown,
disposing of an estate of SBOO,OOO, has been pre
sented for probate at Cambridge.
The Boston city fathers feel especially compla
cent over the fact that their junketing expenses,
this vear, have been onlv S3OOO, whereas they
were *20,000, last year. Three thansand dollars
fooled awav is enough to be ashamed of.
The Legislature will begin the session with a
“fnii hand Already 124 notices of petitions
have been filed against 83 last year. The Mas3a
TIITS SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1871.
chnsetts Central railroad will petition “for ad
ditional authority by which it may connect with
sundry railroads.”
Francis Thompson of Charlestown will contest
tho election of William 11. Long as senator from
the first Middlesex district.
Tho large btqnest which Sylvia Ann Howland
loft in liobaif of “liberal education” in Now Bed
ford has already become a bone of contention, it
was propon'd to paper a school room at its ex
pense, but the city solicitor, whose opinion was
demanded, said no, ami went further, declaring
that “liberal education” must bo construed in the
old technical sense of “college education.” This
being manifestly what Sylvia Ann did not mean,
the public is much stirred up about it, and the
matter is to be carried before tho supreme court.
The executive committee of the State temper
ance alliance, at a meeting in Boston on Wednes
day, elected lier A. A. Miner prebident, and
adopted an address to tne prohibitionists of the
state, urging continued moral action, bat assort
ing that the fate of the cause must be finally de
cided at the ballot box.
A largo number of persona interested in the
fisheries held a meeting at Boston, Wednesday,
in which the question of protection was discussed
and the appointment of a special committee de
cided upon, to wait upon the Massachusetts sen
ators and representatives in Congress, and to en
deavor, with them, to obtain either a bounty or
6ome other means of neutralizing whatever evils
the treaty of Washington may threaten to inflict
upon the fishermen. This committee is to be se
lected by the different towns interested—one
member from each Among those present at the
meeting were Gen Butler and Congressman Buf
fington. Butler recently wrote to Major Phinney
of Barnstable: “I will do what I can to get the
matter of the fisheries part of the treaty of Wash
ington postponed until we sec what comes of the
Geneva conference, and I think then it never will
b# nassed.”
Capt J. H. Hallet of Barnstable was in
stantly killed, the other day, at the United States
bonded warehouse in Boston, by falling through
a hatchway in the fifth story to the lower floor.
He leaves a family.
Dr Ebenezer Boynton, 70 years old, a wealthy
retired physician of Billerica, committed suicide
by hanging on Sunday. Ha was haunted with the
fear that sometime he would come to want.
A fire, Wednesday evening, in the Harvard su
gar refinery on Water street. East Cambridge,
owned bv Nash, Spaulding Co., caused a loss
of $80,000; fully insured.
name.
A Portland girl sneezed her shoulder ont of
joint.
The schooner Spartel Smith, from Dennysvil’e
for New York, arrived at Portland Sunday night,
bringing the crew of the schooner Nancy R.
Reagan of Boston, who were taken off 25 miles
northeast oi Cape Cod on the morning of the
22d, their vessel Lowing filled with water the pre
vious day. The maw and cook were badly
frozen.
The drug store of Henry O. rAo, e B at Brighton
Center was burned, Sunday morning, i oss SBOOO,
insured for $4500.
The republicans of Bangor have nominated Jo
seph S. Wheelwright for mayor.
The European and North American railway is
to change to the narrow gauge another summer,
thns making one gaage from Halifax to Boston.
New York and Chicago, It is also rumored that
the Grand Trank will follow its example, though
this cannot be done without the consent of the
governor general of Canada.
The whole number of shares of the European
and North American railroad is 5207, of which
4443 are held by Noah Wood of Bangor as “trus
tee for some unknown parties,” this being an in
genious way of covering up the Pennsylvania
Central ownership. Pierce Blaisdell of New
Hampshire own 574 shares; George K. Jewett,
the president of the road, only 4 shares; only 72
shares are owned in all Bangor, 5 in Augusta, 33
in Brunswick, 7 in Portland, and 38 in Winslow.
A Rockiander who sued a man ior S2OOO dam
ages for striking him on the head with a ham
mer, was awarded one cent.
Dr Isaac Bartlett of Hope, who is over 60 years
old and weighs 200 pounds,has never tasted a par
ticle of meat, and lives almost entirely on bread
and milk.
Salmon eggs to the number of 22,000 have
been carried from Orland to Norway, where
they will be hatched and turned out next spring
into the tributaries of the Androscoggin. It is
not anticipated that more then 2 or 3 per
cent will fail by reason of non-fertilization.
New Hampshire.
Small-pox has again broken out in Manches
ter.
A farmer near Nashua recently bargained his
farm to another farmer for S2OOO, but When the
day and the purchaser arrived, informed him
that his wife was in hysterics about the trade,
and he guessed he would back out. “Bat,” said
the purchaser, I have come a long distance, want
the farm and must have it. How much more
would induce you to sell?” “Well," replied the
agriculturist, “give me $250 more and let her
cry.’’
The recent fire at Bristol was discovered at 3
o'clock in the morning by a young man who had
been out courting, and the tire company have
made the girl a present for letting him go home
so early.
The venerable Dr Osmyn C. Baker of Concord,
a bishop of the Methodist Episcopal church, who
had been very low for some days from a stroke
of paratysis, died on Wednesday. He was born
at Marlow in 1812, and graduated, at Wesleyan
university. In 1834 he was apDointed a teacher
in the seminary at Newbury, Vs., where he re
mained 10 years, and then he became pastor of
the Methodist church at Rochester, N. H.
A fatal accident occurred in Elwell’s furniture
factory at Concord on Saturday, a workman
named Walter Carter being struck by a piece of
wood thrown from a saw, which penetrated his
forehead three and a hoti,'- •ms, causing death
from internal bleeding. .-Reaves a wife and
three children in destitute mfeumstances.
John Leland and George Warren, two young
men claiming to be from South Orange, Mass.,
were arrested at Winchester, Mrraay night, for
stealing buffalo robes from the dat riages of peo
ple in attendance on the Christmas festivals.
Failing to furnish bail on Tuesday they were sent
to jail at Keene.
After mature deliberation the local historical
society has decided that Nashua should be pro
nounced “Nashway,” as the Indians called it,
and by no means “Na3huah
Vermont.
The state temperance convention at Middle
bury, last week, resolved that it is inexpedient to
form a separate temperance party in Vermont at
present, but declared anew the need of efforts to
secure the nomination of temperance men to
offiee by the existing parties, or, in case of fail
ure, the running of independent tickets which
temperance men can consistently support. The
convention elected Rev H. D. Kitchel of Middie
bury president, Rev W. W. Atwater of Burling
ton secretary and Newman Weeks of Rutland
treasurer.
The house and barn of Mrs Martin Howard at
Ludlow were burned on Thursday; loss SIOOO, j
half insured.
A Mrs McGuire and two infants (twins), were j
recently found frozen to death in a hovel near i
Bennington, while the husband and father was j
away on a drunken spree.
The cattle train from the north due at Bellows 1
Falls, M inday evening, met with quite an acci
dent about two miles above that place, owing to
a broken rail. Nineteen cars were thrown off the
track, and three of them, with their contents,
badly smashed, killing from 100 to 200 sheep and
many cattle, besides injuring many more. A
brakem&n was badly wounded in the leg. The
debris was promptly removed, and trains were
rnnning as usual on Tuesday.
The trial of John A. Ring, for the murder of
Thompson at Bristol resulted, on Saturday, in
a verdict of manslaughter, much to the disgust
of a large audience who were expecting an ac
quittal, especially as the judge charged the jury
strongly in favor of tho prisoner. Ring testified
that Thompson had several times threatened his
life, and attacked him on the occasion when he
(Ring) stabbed him with fatal result.
Hav is selling in Orleans county at ftom sls to
sl7 per ton, and beef and pork at five and six
cents a pound.
The particulars of the tragedy at East Arling
ton on Monday, show that it was a peculiarly
atrocious affair. It seems that John Hannah,
Edward Rafter and Frank Burke, all of East Arl-
ington, went Into the saloon of Farwell and
Lawrence on Saturday, and after drinking heavi
ly, had some words with the proprietors and left,
threatening to return, Christmas day, and clean
out tho saloon. On Monday they appeared, but
hud no sooner entered the door than Farwell
and Lawrence commenced firing at them. All
three were shot, and Hannah is not expected to
live, hut Rafter anil Burke will recover. Timothy
Malony of Glastonbury, who had stepped in to
make a purchase, seeing the trouble turned to go
out, when be was fatally shot in the back of the
head. During the melee a revolver in Farwell’s
bands was accidentally discharged, bitting and
killing his only son, eight years old. Farwell
and Lawrence will have their examination, to
morrow.
The Montpelier and Wells River railroad is
progressing satisfactorily. A large force is now
at work in the wilderness between Groton and
Marshfield.
Rhode fnlnnd.
The scientific men explode the idea that the
Gulf stream has anything to do with the pecul
iarly mild climate of Newport, of the British
Isles, or of Portugal and Spain, but they don’t
tell us what tho secret is. Probably they don’t
know.
William W. HIU of East Greenwich shot him
self fatally and his wife probably fatally, Friday
morning. The affair is “supposed to have been
accidental,” but nobody knows much about it.
The Westerly stone-cutters, to the number of
300, struck on Monday on account of the employ
ment of boys as apprentices. The superintend
ent, however, not only refuses to yield to their
demand to discharge the boys, but has put on 60
new apprentices daring the week. The striking
association has S7OOO in its treasury, from which
the strikers receive $5 a week.
Later reports show that the shooting of Wil
liam W. Hill of East Greenwich, Friday, was a
suicide, and that Mrs Hill was wounded while
trying to wrest the pistol from him as he fired a
second shot. His injuries proved mortal on Sat
urday, but his wife will recover, having received
only a flesh wound. Mr Hill was a wealthy man,
and the owner of one of the finest residences in
Rhode Island, but had for some time been ill and
dejected.
A committee of the striking stone-cutters at
Narragansett recently waited on James G. Bat-
I terson of Hartford, proprietor of the quarry, to
uncertain if a compromise could be effected. Mr
Batterson replied that he had no compromise to
make; the quarrymen had voluntarily stooped
work and lett his employ he had paid them what
was due and that ended the matter. It is not at
all probable that Mr Batterson will discharge any
of his apprentices, as the quarrymen demand.
A young man at Olneyville named Grimes, who
was suffering from acute pneumonia, was poison
ed, probably fatally, a few days since, by the mis
take of a draugist, who put up three ounces of
aqua ammonia concentrated instead of aqua au
rantii curt. The patient was induced to swallow
a second dose of the burning mixture by his
father, who thought the medicine must be all
right.
Connecticut.
Four prominent business establishments in New
Hav have failed, one with SBO,OOO liabili
ties.
The heirs of Mr Ives, who lost his life in East
Haven a few days ago, in consequence of the care
less driving of Charles Pickett, while intoxicated,
have sued the latter tor $90,000 damages.
The Boston, Hartford and Erie laid 1500 feet of
rails between Putnam and Willimantic on Tues
dav, and that section is now completed.
Samuel L Clemens of Hartford (Mark Twain)
has been granted a patent on an “adjustable and
detachable strap for garments." Is it one of
Mark’s jokes?
It is proposed to abolish the lighthouse at New
London while whale oil is being tried ont on the
wharves, as any captain 20 mile 3 at sea can smell
his way in.
A large quantity of iron ore was recently dis
covered at Salisbury, on a lot that was
thoroughly searched 40 years ago for that pur
pose.
Harrison Johnson, a lawyer of Windham
county, has been suspended from practice in the
state courts for one year, for altering a court
record.
The Hazardville powder company is sending
its teams around instead of through Ilartforo,
and the alarm of the people of that city is further
assuaged by the assurance that in the company's
experience of 40 years, none of its powder has evt r
exploded in transitu, Formerly all the powder
shipments for the West were made in this city,
over the Boston and Albany railroad, but that
road has refused to carry either powder or nitro
glycerine since the explosion on one of its trains
at Worcester, last year, and most of the roads
hereabout refuse powder, though the western
roads still freight it. All the Hazardville powder
is now teamed to New Haven, and there shipped
by water.
A reconnt of New Haven’s vote for sheriff gives
the election to Samuel Wire, the present incum
bent, instead of James Reilly, who was at first
declared elected. Both are democrats, Reiily be
ing the regular nominee, and the result creates
some feeling.
David Clark, Esq., of Hartford, has offered pre
miums of S2O, $lO, $5 and $3 in gold to the
young men and women of Winuham county, for
excellence in steer-breaking, iarming, butter
making, etc.
The additional $1,500,000 stock of the /Etna
fire insurance company of Hartford was all sub
scribed for at the time specified by persons en
titled thereto, and rights for subscriptions were
sold at a premium of $75. Only 20 per cent in
cash ($300,000) was called for, and yet a round
million of dollars (66 2 3 per cent) was paid in
cash. The stock is now selling at 185.—The sub
scriptions to the stock of the new Meriden fire
insurance company have reached $172,000. The
requisite amount of S2OO 000 can be easily ob
tained by receiving subscriptions from parties
out of town, but it is hoped that the full amount
wiil be taken at home.
The exposures of the Hartford and New Haven
lobby bills have attracted general attention to
the iniquity of the business, and can but have a
healthful result; neither city, it is safe to say,
will expend any such amounts for the same
purposes in the future. Just now, explanations
are in order, and some of the victims who find
themselves unpleasantly notorious, “squeal” in a
manner which shows that the shots of the anti
lobby press have “gone home."
One-third of the present senior class at Yale
wiil study for the ministry.
The business of the Connecticut Western rail
road, passengers, express and freight, is gratify
ingly large, and promises to exceed all expecta
tion.
The locomotive “Baltic" on the Rockville
branch railroad exploded between Rockville and
Vernon, Satnrday morning, instantly killing the
engineer, M. S. Collins, formerly of Pittsfield,
Mass., and severely injuring the fireman, named
Voght. Both lived at Rockville. Collins leaves
a wife and family.
Joseph W. Aldrich, formerly a member
of a church in Suffleld, has been held
for trial at Hartford for an attempted rape. Not
withstanding he has carried on his libidinous
practices for years, making little girls hi 3 vic
tims, he was about to join a Hartford church
when discovered and arrestel.
It is rumored that Col George A. Merrill, su
perintendent of the New London Northern rail
road, will take charge of the new Portland and
Ogdensburg road, next spring.
Mrs Nathaniel Weed of Darien has gone into
the courts to overthrow the wiil of her husband,
which was changed jnst before his death so that
she only has the use of SSOOO, while the rest of
the estate, worth $600,000, is given to an only
son, and at the son’s death, to his heirs.
The English coach dog of the late Daniel M.
Seymour of Hartford had been very devoted to
his master, and manifested deep grief at his
death. He watched the coffin until it was taken
away,land then lay down in a corner where he
remained, refusing food for the space of ten days,
when he died.
The democratic state convention is called for
Tuesday, February 0.
The Mrs Liski of New Haven, wife of a notori
ous saloon keeper, who was reported as missing
a few weeks ago, having been driven from home
by her husband, was found dead in the woods in
CiraDge, Monday evening. A post-mortem ex
amination revealed no indications cf poison or
violence, and it is probable that the unfortunate
woman wandered where her body was found, and
there died of exposure.
Gilmore's Nkw Coliseum.— Francis Alien
of Boston, who designed the coliseum of 1869,
has made plans, which have been adopted, for
the new and larger building in which tho
"world’s peace Jubilee" at Boston, next Jnne, is
to be beld. Its ground plan will be a parallelo
gram 8221 ieet long by 422* feet wide, measuring
347,506 square feet in area, or a trifle less than
eight acres, being 322 feet longer and 122 feet
wider than the coliseum of 1869, and containing
more than double the area of that immense
structure. Throughout this space not a single
post, pillar or support of any kind will obstruct
the view from end to end. The roof, consisting
of a double system of self-supporting trusses, the
invention of Mr Allen, will spring, in a gentle
curve, directly from foundations constructed on
piles driven 85 feet into the ground, the two seg
ments meeting at the ridge, and forming a grace
ful arch, at an elevation above the floor
of 172 feet. Similar segments will spring
from the ground at either end, unit
ing with the side segments, forming an
immense mansard pavilion, with the graceful
lines peculiar to that style of architecture.
The trusses composing these end segments of
the roof will run the entire longth of the build
ing, having a clear span of over 800 feet, and
knitting the whole roof into a substantial, self
supporting structure. From the foot of the arch
es on either side and end will rise perpendicular
buttresses, 58 feet high, at which elevation the
curve of the trasses will leave a space of 18 feet
between their outer line and the line of the but
tress. This space will be floored, forming au out
side promenade, with an elevation of 50 feet, a
width of 18 feet, and a total length equal to
double the combined length and width of the
building, or half a mile. In these buttresses, which
serve the additional purpose of giving increased
strength to the structure, will be constructed the
entrances to the building. These will be 16 in
number, four principal and 12 minor. The four
in the centers of the sides and ends wi’’. be in
scribed with the names of the four great conti
nents, and be appropriately decorated with flags,
national emblems, etc. Above each will rise an
elegant pavilion, 120 feet high, while simi
lar pavilions, of less bight, will be built at
each of the four corners of the structure, giv
ing beauty and symmetry to the whole. Besides
the four principal entrances, there will be on
each side four, and on each end two minor en
trances, all appropriately decorated Each of
these will be surmounted by a tower 68 feet high
A “monitor,” 16 feet high, will ran the entire
length of the roof, affording ample ventilation.
At each end will rise a splendid tower 216 ieet
high, while the central tower will reach the enor
mons hight of 240 feet, from the summit of
which will float the banner of universal peace,
above the standards of all the nations of the
earth, which will be displayed upon different
points ot the structure. Two rows of windows
will furnish light for the immense auditorium.
Tee lower of these will be 70 and tho upper 112
feet above the parquet floor. Under the corridors
there will be 16 halls, ranging in size from 80 by
140 to 100 by 100 feet. These will be divided in
such manner as convenience may dictate,
and will be lighted by round top windows
cat between the pilasters of the buttress.
Both wood and iron will be used in the construc
tion of the building. The trasses will be one foot
square, each of the cross-span trasses requiring
no less than 25,000 feet of lumber for its con
struction, The seating capacity of the building
will be about as follows, the figures given being
rather below tho numbers that could actually be
accommodated: Audience, 83,000; chorus, 20,-
000; orchestra, 2000, giving a total of over 100,-
000 persons, gathered under one roof. The exact
location of the structure has not yet been deter
mined upon, but it will be built within the limits
bounded by Huntington avenue, Fairfield street,
the Providence railroad and the waters of the
Back Bay. An idea of the dimensions of this
huge structure, may be obtained from the follow
ing figures, showing the lengths of some of the
principal buildings in all countries: Coliseum of
1872, 822 i feet, St Peter’s, Rome, 613 i, coliseum,
Rome, 584, St Paul’s, London, 520. coliseum of
1869, 500, Milan cathedral, 443, St Panl’s, Rome,
419, St Sophia, Constantinople, 360.
Clement L. Vallandigham's Last Client,
Tom McGehan, in whose defense he met the ac
cident which resulted in his death, was finally
acquitted on Satnrday of the charge of murder
ing Thomas S. Myers. Aside from the accident
al interest which has attached to the ca3e from
its tragic result to Mr Vallandigham, the trial
has attracted great attention throughout south
ern Ohio from the fact that it was connected
with political relations and involved the exposure
of many prominent men of Hamilton as frequent
ers of a faro den. In this gambling saloon on
Satnrday night, December 24, 1870, Myers was
killed, as almost everybody oelieves, by McGe
han, and it is a rather carious coincidence that
the latter should have been acquitted on the an
niversary of the dav when the crime was com
mitted. Mr Vallandigham’s theory, it will be
remembered, was that Meyrs might have shot
himself accidentally during the affray in which
he was killed, and it was while illustrating the
manner in which this might have happened that
he inflicted the fatal wound upon
himself. But very few persons were wil
ling to accept this theory, or
any other that did not make McGeban the man
who fired the fatal shot, and the verdict of not
guilty, which the jury brought in after a few
minutes’ absence from the court room, Saturday,
at the close of McGehan’s third trial on the
charge, astonished everybody, as not even his
friends doubted his guilt, and the most that had
been hoped for him was a second verdict of mur
der in the second degree. The acquittal is attrib
uted to the determined stand against the prose
cution which Judge McKenny maintained ail
through the trial, in which his friends claim that
he was discharging a memorial duty to Mr Val
landigham, who had always been his friend and
patron. If this statement of his course be cor
rect, it may be creditable to bis heart, but it will
not be likely to soften the public sentiment
against McGehan, which is said to be stronger
than has confronted any other man who has
been arraigned for a capital crime in Ohio for the
past 20 years. The citizens of Hamilton, incensed
at the acquittal of McGehan, held an indignation
meeting on Monday evening, and passed resolu
tions protesting against the verdict of tho court,
and intimating that McGehan had better leave.
He took the hint promptly, and has left.
A Double Murder lately took place at St
Johns, Newfoundland, the first assassination
which has occurred on the island for a century,
transpiring a few days after the papers of the
place had proudly boasted that no criminal in
dictment had been recorded on the calendar. The
body of a Mrs Sayers was found on the Spaniards
Bay road, horribly mutilated, and it was then re
membered that when living she had often spoken
of the burden which her brother, one Garrett,
whom her husband supported, was to him, and
finally he prevailed upon Garrett to go to the poor
house. Mrs Sayers was to accompany him a
short distance, but the next intelligence was the
discovery of her dead body and the fact that Gar
rett was missing. Search was made for him in
the vicinity of Sayers's house for several days
without avail, when finally the old man’s body
was discovered in a dung-heap, with one half of
his skull beaten to fragments. The theory is that
Sayers, being in league with a woman that lived
in the honse, murdered the two to.be relieved of
the burden of their keeping.
LOCAL NOTICES.
To clean Sliver and Plated Ware, wash with a
strong hot suds of the "Dollar Reward Soar.
Chas. IS. Moody Co. r Boston, Agents for New Eng
land.
A Monument as big as the grand Pyramid might
be built of the teeth that have boon rained by negleot.
Shall this thing go in face of the great fact that
Sozodont is a certain preservative of dental de
cay?
Effects or The Rebellion.— We beer of many
cases or chronic diarrhea among onr returned sol
diers, brought on by tbolr exposures and suffering in
camp and prison. To ail such we recommend a
thorough trial of Williams' Extract Jamaica Glngor.
O D. Morse ACo, of the Central Shoe store, ate
sailing Kip and Tblok Bools very low.
The Bolenltflo American In an nrtlole on unsafe oils,
March 4,1871, nays: -‘There are notable exception, or
which wc might mention Pratt's A Aral Oil, an arti
cle which we have used for many years, and found to
be excellent In all respects. Moreover we bare never
heard of an aoetdent arising from Its use.”
The special mesfta of Smolander’s Buobn are that
it thoroughly invigorates an enervated system, and
that It Is a perfect and truthful specific for kidney,
bladder and glandular diseases, mental and physloal
debility, gravel, dlatetns, all oomplsints of tho nrino
genltal organa, so frequent In the female sex, whether
mtrrled or single, and the faot of Its being prescribed
by family physicians should be enough to tndor its
superiority.
HORN.
In this city, 24th. a son to A. N. Trudeau.
At South wick, 19th, u sou to Bennett A. Rising.
At Westfield, 17th, a son to IJknuv Brass
At Great Barrington, 13th, a daughter to Rickard
Fields.
At routhbrldge, 15th, a daughter to John Stone.
At .Stafford Springs, Ct., 15th, a son to F. W. I‘rks
ton.
At Mittincague, 24th, a son to E. C. Crafts; a son
to E. H. Wade.
At West Springfield, 17'h, a daughter (Netta E.) to
C. W. Bangs aud granddaughter to Nancy L. Mlx
ter.
At Sheridan, Kan., 16th, a son to Edward I’. Pom
krov.
At Goshen, 23d, a daughter (Mary E to F. D.
ItODINSON.
At Atsion, N. J., loth ult„ a son to Jamer Suth
erland, formerly of Ensthampton.
IIIAHKIKD.
in this city, 21st, by Rev C. D. Hills, George B.
Newell and Carrie F. Bates.
At Monson, 20th, Harry T. Bishop and Lucy A.
Putnam, both of Palmer.
At Wmcheudon, 11th, Edwin o. Ellis and Ella
M.Chapman.
At Ban Francisco, fith, by Rev Horatio Stebbins,
Vikoil M, W l.li ams, the artist, and Dora Nor
ton.
At Boston, 21st, George H. Stuart, Jr., of Phila
delphia, aud tile daughter of Edward ,8. Tobey of
Boston.
At Nortli Adams, 14th, Arthur llobisson of the
Transcript and Clara E. Sandf-ord.
At Boston, 20th, Elisha D. Bangs and Georgi
ana Skillings.
At South Adams, 20th, Albert Bowen and Anna
Clark.
At Southbridge, 16th. Gkohgk W. Partridge and
Rosa Knight of Putnam, Ct.
At West Broakfield. 20th. by Iter R. B. Bull, Dr Al
ber G Blodgett and arolink E. Adams.
At Hartford ct., 20th, by Rev A. C. Eggleston,
George a Bolton and Lou C. Blankenship.
At Amherst, 26th, by Rev J. L Jenkins, B. B. Ap
ams, Jr., of Palmer, and Anna Hutchinson.
At Shelburne Kalis, 26th, by DrE. If Gray, Jona
than Temple of Boston and Fanny E. Shaw of
Buekland; also, 26th, William 11. Tyler of Alba
ny, N. Y., and Fidelia J daughter of J. B. Bard
well, president of Shelburne Fans national bank.
At Hinsdale, N. H., 26th. by Rev II Dorr,Charles
E. Lambon, deck at the Ashuelot house, and Nettie
Metcalf.
At Eastliampton, 25th, Albert P. Hunley of
Portsmouth, Va., and Edith a. Cndf.p.wood.
At Hartford, 2ntli, by Rev Robert W. Jones, Al
len a. Clark and Maria L daughter of Jonathan
Wetherell of Portland. Ct.
At Cambridgeport. 21st, E. Mobgan Stiobr of
New York and Sophia E. C., daughter of Key D.
Potter.
At WilSrahom, 24tli, by Rev C. It. Vinton, Edwin
M. Nichols of Monson and Elsie Pease.
At Richmond, N. H., 24th, by Kev J. vV. Adams,
Henry E. Tolman and lara L. Parker.
At West Stockbrtdge, 20th. by Rev Lewis Pennell,
Chester R. Bond of Leuox and C. Ida Brown.
At Chicopee Fails. 23d by Rev It. R Bellamy, W.
11. Mavberry of llolyoke aud Mercia A. Ecker;
also, 25th, John J F. Streeter of Hinsdale, N. H.,
aud Isis E. Howard.
At Savannah, Ga., D. Parks Hamblin of Lee and
Jennie M. Brown.
At Warren, 27ib, by Rev,l. 11. Moore, James L.
Bridges and Fannie a. Curtis.
At Brooklyn, N. Y., 26tli, by Bishop Littlejohn,
Rev J. Edwards Bell of Boston and Miss M. E. C.
Carleton.
At East Boston, 25tli. Freeman Nickerson and
Georgiana, daughter of Daniel W. Palmer.
DIED.
In this city, 2rtth, Etta, 6, daughter of Lorenzo
Rood
In this city, 19th, Marietta Bknham, 68, wife of
Chester Bradley.
In this city, 22d, Henry Pease, 06.
In this city, 24th, anna 8.,6 years, 2 months, 16
davs, daughter of Leopold Barthelmes.
In this city, 24th, G. L. Dan, 25, son of Charles
Otto.
In this city, 23d, Edward 11. Sollace, 31.
In this city, 27th, Thomas Hanrahan, 69.
Ju this city, *27tu, Laura, 7s, widow of Horace Lee.
At Amherst, 27th, Sally M., 09, wifeot Eleazer
Kellogg and mother of John E. Kellogg ol this city,
assistant editor of The Republican.
At Newport, R. 1., 23d, William S. Nichols, 86,
formerly state treasurer.
At Providence, R. 1., 24th, Mary Sprague, 55,
wife of Nathaniel B. Lamb.
At New Haven, Ct., 26th, Capt Elisha L. Woods,
87.
At South Adams, 26th, Ellsworth, 9, son of Lu
ther Meyers.
At Brookfield, 18th, Mrs Sarah Sibley, 73.'
At Medway, 24th, Marcellos a. Woodward, a
prominent politician aud Mas u and member oi the
firm of Pond Woodward, boot manufacturers.
At New Haven, Ct ,‘2lsr, Miss Eleanor S. Ger
ry, daughter of the late eibridge Gerry, one of the
signers of the Declaration of Independence.
At Warner, N. H„ Stephen Bartlett, a promi
nent citizen and manufacturer.
At Chicopee. 27tb, Jennie L Heath. 21.
At Behoboth, 9th, Silas Bkaman, 10'.
At Saco, Mo., 22d, the wife of Judge Tapley of tho
Maine supreme court.
At Brimfield, 21st, Chauncey Green. 60.
At South Windham. Ct.,lßth. Ellen Roche, 52.
At Athol, 19th, O'rte Bancroft.
At Westfield, 21st, John B. Murphy, 40.
At Boston, 2ist Dr Stephen Ball, 69, for 30
years a practicing physician in that city; 20th, E. W.
Hale a well known carriage manufacturer.
At Cambridge, 21-t, Ayimi C, Lombard, long
prominent in enterprises of interest to Boston.
At Chicago, 22d, suddenly, Marietta. 50, wife of
Charles T. Bnlkeley, late of Pittsfield and daughter
of the late Thomas Whitman.-!*, formerly of North
ampton.V
At New York, 2’2d, the wife of Kev George H.
Houghton of the Chnroh of the Transfiguration.
At Brooklyn, N. Y., 21st, John L. Bynner, 31, son
of the late Edward Bynner of Boston, journalist aud
railroad agent.
AtThompsonville, Ct., 21st, Mrs Anna E. Rey
nolds, 70.
At Suffleld, Ct.. 30th ult, Robert L. H., 6 months,
son of Zenas L Sikes.
At, South Hadley, 22d, suddenly, Julia T. God
dard of Norwich, Ct.
At New Haven, Ct„ 21st, George Hoadlky, 65, a
wellknown carriage manufacturer.
At West Stuckbridge, 18th Leonard Van Bus
kirk. 45.
At Stafford, C:t., 18th, Martha Washburn, 93.
At Concord, N. 11., 19th, Elliot Chickkring, 83,
formerly a prominent shoe manufacturer.
At Eastport, Me., Samuel Stevens, 81, a native ot
Warwick.
At Pittsfield, 13th, Mrs Susan Johnson, 85; 10th,-
Mrs Mary McGrath, 56; 18th, Btrs affiia Sanger,
72.
At New Haven, Vt., 17th, Gen William Nash, a
prominent citizen.
At Boston, 18th, Geirge Howe, 77.
At Portland Ct., 19th Erastub Strong, 63.
At South Deerfield, 20th, Simeon Bradford, 6,
son ot Rev S. Miller.
At Windsor Locks, 19th, Deacon Myron S. Webb,
l At Chester. 19th, Blarv, 72, wife of Otis Wait;
20lh, Euastus Wright, 81.
At Northampton. 2-ith Daniel B. Crosby, 62.
At Bau Francisco, 23d, John Eliot Paßkman, 30,
of the navy, son of the late Rev Dr I’arkman of Bos
*°At Boston, 23d, Charles J F. Eastman, formerly
of the firm of Eastman, Fellows Co., wholesale
grocer-.
At West Brookfield, 21st, Dorathv, 72, wife ol
Colmsn Gilbert.
At Charlestown. 23d, Ai.son Studlev, 77, former
ly well known as an omnibus proprietor.
At Belchertown, 24th, Jesse W illiams, 89.
At Chelsea, 2Sd, Richard 11. Fuller, a well
known landscape-painter.
At Washington, D. C„ 17th, Louisa Harrison,
56. wife of Prof J. li. C. Coffin of the navy.
At Newport. It. 1., 21st, Dr It. J. Taylor, for many
years president of the common council.
At Westfield. 22d, Maiua. 73, wife of Charles Blott.
At Bloomingdale N. Y 19th Griffin Chamber
lain, 68. Ot Belvidere, 111. long a resident ot Pitts
field auil Dalton, and a native of the latter place,
where his remains were brought -or intermrat.
At Pittsfield, 23d. Edgar brown, 14 months, twin
son ol E. A 1 a ood
At Pittsfield, 2tstb, Ella J., 21, wife of George W.
Edwards.
At Brattleboro, Vt., 19th, Col Nathan Miller.
76.
At Whately, 13th, Judith Dickinson, 81.