The Spy ntuiuld have the eye of Ar gup: he ii
inornble if he do but look to the welfare of th(
'nmonwePth.
WORCESTER
MOM»AV. OCTOBER «3, 1871.
Among those who get their words before the
public, to sonic extent, by speaking or writing,
there are a very few whose pct ambition seems
to be to get themselves talked of as adn.irers and
defenders of the Paris communists. At any
rate, they appear to think it extremely clever to
eulogize communists and talk as if they
understood them. Meanwhile, we have not no
ticed that any one of them has taken pains to
understand either the character or the purposes
of these destructive Frenchmen. “Com
munism.” they tell you, means nothing more
than locai self-government, although the com
munists themselves explain with sufficient dear
ness that they want only such local sell-govern
ment as will enable them to attempt carrying
out the wildest theories of socialism. But the
foremost question in regard to the Paris com
munists relates not so much to the principles
they may profess, as to their character, spirit,
and methods of proceeding.
It is habitual with these men to assume that
their successors must be secured by means of
murder and destruction. Reasonable men with
honest purposes would not have allowed them*
s< Ives to attempt organizing a bloody revolu
tion, when France, freed from monarchy ol
every kind and humiliate 1 by defeat, was try
iug to restore order and establish a regular gov
ernment. But the wild men congregated in
Paris had not been accustomed to bear reason.
They thought of nothing but the opportunity
foi an outbreak in their own favorite style.
How hey proceeded is shown in accounts given
of the conduct of many of their leaders. One
of them named Frotteaux was president ot a
club which in Id its meetings in St. Micha J's
church, which he called the club’s “box.” He
was accustomed to preside with a naked sword
in bis band and preach assassination. He
urged that every “reactionist” should l>e shot
down in his own house, and that the priests
should l»e collected in the churches and “dosed
w’ith tne mittraileusc.” There is no record of the
murders for which this man was responsible;
but he acted on the assumption that the proper
business of the Reds, in the revolution, is to
kill.
If they professed better aims, these commun
ists, on account of their character and spirit,
would not deserve approval or defense.
ProMpccls of Political Parties.
Those whose wish was lather to the thought,
have proclaimed very often and loudly of late
that the tepublican party was dead or near its
end. On this point there has been a surprising
unanimity among all its enemies and some luke
warm friends. Wendell Phillips was even more
sure of it than the democratic newspapers, and
his confidence in its early demise was hardly ex
ceeded by that of the various factions of
specialists and self-styled reformers. Accord
ing to these people the signs ot its dissolution
were too plain te be mistaken. The party had
outlived its usefulness; it had accomplished its
mission; the issues on which it had claimed and
received support were dead; it had become
demoralized and corrupt by long continu
ancein power; it had lost the confidence of the
people; its leaders were either political
tricksters or men of one idea and that no longer
practical; its apparent vitality was only a
struggle for office and the sooner it was decently
coffined and buried the better. It was very
pleasant for these prophets of evil to believe
their own predictions and no doubt they suc
ceeded in doing so. The death of a party is not
a new or strange thing. Men much below
middle age have seen the decease of more than
one, and the republican party must take its turn
with the rest. Its death, like that of other terres
trial things, is only a question of time.
But those who thought its end had come or
was close at hand, must have been somewhat
disappointed at the result of the elections this
fall. Every where from Kentucky to California
it has shown increased vitality, and, notwith
standing some internal dissensions, it has had
successes greater than its friends had ventured
to hope. This is what is called the “off year”
in politics, too, when experience teaches that
parties unfriendly to the administration usually
make a better show than their actual strength
would warrant. The republican party, if it is
so near dissolution, certainly shows a great
deal of vigor, and what may be considered a
very unbecoming disregard of the logic of
those people who have demonstrated to their
own satisfaction that it was dead or ought
to be.
That is an old and well worn story of the
steamster who, meeting another in a narrow
track through a snow drift, with uncouth oaths
and an emphatic flourish with his whip, ordered
the latter to turn out or he would serve him as
he did the man back yonder, and who, when the
latter, having turned out in dread of the vague
threat, inquired bow he served the man back
yonder, teplied, “Ob, I turned out myself.”
There are some indications that the conduct of
the democratic party is to be like that of this
blustering, but nut dangerous teamster. Hav”
ing threatened his opponent with death, and
taken the trouble to show why it ought to and
must leave the political field open by an early
demise, finding it contrary to all prognostica
tions, not only alive, but gaining in
vitality, the disappointed prophet snows
some symptoms of turning out himself and be
c mini a po itical corpse. There are some
reasons for the formation of a new party, to
make room fur which one of the old organiza
th ms must take itself out of the way. The dem
ocratic party has lost prestige by a succession of
defeats. Some of its ablest leaders attempted
to retrieve this by the flank movement which
made so much stir under the name of the “new
departure.” The hope kindled by this new
movement was soon impaired by’ the coldness
with which it was received by the most of the
older democrats in the north, and its positive re
jection by almost ail prominent men of the party
in the south. It was a hazardous experiment
at the best, tor it could only be interpreted as a
confession that the party bad taken the
wrong side of the principal issue on which
parties had been divided. If it had
been adopted universally and promptly
ibis couiession might have been disguised, but
the discussion it produced gave this feature un
mistakable prominence. It is now an element
of weakness as an admission of former political
unwisdom, and because while it is the officii-j
doctrine ol the party in the northern states, it is
by no means heartily accepted by all democrats
here, and is indignantly spurned by the leaders
of opinion in the southern states. No form of
words, however ingeniously f ramed, can hide the
fact that the party is irreconcilably divided on
this Important question of principle and policy.
Another trouble of the democrats is the infa
mous notoriety which the leaders of the party’
in New York have attained by their monstrous
political and civil crimes, and the influence they
have been allowed to retain in the councils of
the party. It has been know'n for several years
quite as well as it is now, that Tweed and his
gang were thieves; that they organized repeat
ing at elections, stuffed ballot boxes, and di
rected false counting of votes, and yet they were
allowed to control the party in New York state.
It is not the knowledge of their guilt that has
caused such a spasm of virtue among the lead
ers ol the country democracy, but the prospect
that they might be actually convicted of crime bv
the judgment of a court, when the odium
attaching to such leaders would become too in
tolerable fur any party to sustain. Fear and
shame have prompted the effort to shake them
off; if it bad been genuine righteous indigna
tion it would have manifested itself long ago.
Bat it is not yet clear that the effort will be suc
cessful. Tammany is very likely to carry the
city, and if so the honest democrats will have
no choice, but either to accept the leadership of
Tweed and Norton and <janet, or to repudiate
fin m and unite themselves with the republicans.
Ju either case the name of democrat must be
come intolerably odious as the synonym for
audacious and shameless abuse of official trusts.
1 hew are some of the causes which sap the
strength of the democratic party. One of the
symptoms indicating that some of its members
recognize its precarious position is that the St.
Louis Republican, perhaps the most influential
organ of the party in the west, advises that the
democrats should make no presidential nomina
tion next year. This would be not only sur
render, but suicide. It would ensure of course
the perpetuation of republican ascendancy for
another presidential term; it would lie
the final settlement of the questions
on which the political struggles of the
last twelve years have turned, and
would prepare the way for the organization of
new parties to be divided on other issues. We
do not suppose the advice of the Republican will
be followed; but the fact that it is suggested in
such a quarter lias much significance, and will
do something towards bringing about the same
results that would follow its adoption. Howcv
cvcr this may lx?, it is not risking much to pre
diet that the presidential canvass ol next
year will be the last contested by the two par
ties which have so long divided the country.
The Mpcctnlor.
Among the docaments read at the meeting of
the American Antiquarian Society, was the fol
lowing interesting letter from Professor Salis
bury, of New Haven, relative to the original
edition of the Spectator. It was read by Hon.
Stephen Salisbury, president of the society, to
whom it is addressed.
My Dear Sir: —ln compliance with your sug
gestion, that, while in London, on my visit to
England, I should endeavor to obtain a copy of
the Spectator as originally published, and report
upon the form in which it appeared, as to pa
per, typography, and so forth, I applied to a
book collector, and gave him a standing order
by which I hope in time to be able to present a
copy of the original edition to the library of the
American Antiquarian Society. But, mean
while, I send you the result of my examination
of the only copy preserved m the British Muse
um, purchased so late as November, 1850, of
which the advertisement was as follows: “Spec
tator; the original edition published in Daily
Papers, No. 1 to 555 inclusive; vol. 1 to 7 com
plete, with vol. Bseveral papers of which are
deficient, the whole bound in one vol., 1711—
If."
1. TYPOGRAPHY AND PAPER.
Each day’s Issue is a single folio leaf of rather
thin but by no means coarse paper, though
some numbers are on coarser paper than others.
The printing is in double columns. The type
used for all but advertisements is small pica
leaded, with clear imprint; that of the ad
vertisements is brevier, less clear. In som?
later numbers, the leading is omitted, and small
er type is substituted tor the small pica. The
length of the printed page is not uniform, but
varies from 8J to nearly 13 inches, (some leaves
are doubled up in the binding of the volume ex
amined). The width, including both columns,
is GJ inches. The width of the margin could
not be determined, on account of the binder’s
trimming
2. EDITING AND PUBLICATION.
Each number up to 555 is marked by a
Roman numeral, the later ones by Arabic
numerals, with the month, day, and year added.
The numbers came out from the first on each
week day, regularly, until Saturday, Dec. 6,
1712, after which there was an intermission till
Friday, June 18,1714. when the eighth volume
was begun with number 556, “to he continued
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday,” and,
accordingly, in number 557, atter the motto, is
the following: “From Friday June 18th to
Monday June 21st.” Iu later numbers, the
year, month, and day of the week of each arc
simply given as at first. The earliest reference
to any putting of numbers together to form
sets, is in number 85, tor June 7,1711, where we
read: “Compleat Setts of this Paper for the
Month of May are to sold by Mr. Graves in
St. Janies Street, and Mrs. Baldwin in Warwick
Laue, where also may be had those for the
Months of March and April.” In Nos. 247 and
248, for Dec. 13 and 14, 1711, appears this ad
vertisement: “There is (sic) now printing by
subscription two volumes of the Spectator on a
large character in octavo; the price of the two
volumes, well bound and gilt, two guineas.
Those who are inclined to subscribe, are desired
to make their payments tu J. Tonson, book
seller in the Strand; the books being so near
finished, they will certainly be ready for sub
scribers before Christmas next.”
The first number marked as belonging to a
volume is 556, which is printed “vol. VIII;” and
this designation is continued to the end of the
series. In the previous number Steele had said:
“All the members of the imaginary society
which was described in my first papers, having
disappeared one after another, it is high time
for the Spectator himself to gooff the stage,”
&c. The continuation of the publication is as
cribed by him to his bookseller, iu No. 632, as
follows: “The love ot symmetry and order,
which is natural to the mind of 'man, betrays
him sometimes into mv whimsical fancies. Sev
eral epic poets have religiously followed Virgil as
to the number of his books. 1 mention these
great examples in defence of my bookseller, who
occasioned this eighth volume of the Spectator,
because, as lie said, he thought seven a very odd
number." The Ist, 2d, and 4th volumes of a
copy of the first collected edition of the Spec
tator, which once belonged to Lord Lansdowne,
and now is in the British museum, were pub
lished in 1712; the 3d, sth, 6th and 7th volumes
iu 1713; the Bth volume of the set, wantingin
this copy, was published in 1715. On what prin
ciple the first seven volumes were made up,
does not appear, for the division has no refer
ence to the date of the original issue; nor are
there as many numbers in one volume as in an
other, although there are about eighty (the ex
act number included in the first volume) in
each.
The earlier original Spectators all bore letter
signatures; and, in the concluding number of
the 7th vol., Steele explains them as marks of
authorship; C, L, I, or O, indicating Addison’s
hand; T probably points to Tickell of Queen’s
College, Oxford, as the author; and S is doubt
less Steele’s own mark. The Spectator was
originally “printed for Samuel Bucklev at the
Dolphin, in Little Britain, and sold by A. Bald
win in Warwick Lane.” In No. 16, the follow
ing is added to the imprint:—“as also Charles
Lillie, perfumer, at the corner of Beauford
Buildings, in the Strand,” which thenceforward
continues to appear in most of the numbers.
3. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nearly one whole column of the second page
of No. 1, is devoted to advertisements, which
arc eight in number, all ot books on anatomy,
political arithmetic, geography, migration of
birds, civil government, religion, and right of
election to parliament. In No. 2, there are no
advertisements, but a notification where they
are taken in. In No. 3, those of No. 1 reappear,
with the exception of one for which a new one
is substituted. In No. 4, there are eight new
advertisements of books: the Art of English
Poetry, Travels, Bible Commentary, Trader's
Companion, Our Lord’s Prayer, the Charge ol
Schism against Dissenters Discharged, Public
Revenue. In No. 6, among the advertisements
is an “admonition to the unbaptized;” and in
No. 12 is advertised, as recently published, a
book entitled: “The Great Duty of frequenting
the Christian Sacrifice.'' In No. 7 is advertised
a work on the “doctrine of resistance to tyrants
through natural minces,” which mav allude to
the claims of the Pretender. In No. 10. we
begin to find advertisements of quite another
sort; for instance, of silk gowns, of “a very
commodious House to be Lett,” of “Plain Span
ish Snuff, Light and Fine/' of “deep, bright, and
French Claret at 24s per dozen,” of
l ine French Claret, neat and of a delicate
flavour, at 24s a dozen, bottles and all;” also a
notice that a parcel ol new Venetian Gowns,
made up, will lie to lie seen next Wednesday
In No. 12, is advertised “The Monthly Weather
Paper, being some Baroscopical hiscoveries
from what part or parts of the Compass the
W ind may be likely to blow, with what other
Sorts and Alterations of the Weather mav be
expected every Day and Night in March
71 ?~j 1 I’nnted for A. Baldwin, near the
Oxlord Arms, in W arwick Lane;” a proof that
there were prolessed weather prophets in En
gland an hundred and sixty years ago.
At the end of No. 87 appears the following
notification: I his is to give notice that the
three criticks who, last Sunday, settled the
characters of my Lords Rochester and Boileau
in the yard of a Coffee House in Fuller’s Rents’
will meet, this next Sunday, at the same time
and place, to finish the merits of several
Dramatic Writers; and will also make an end
of the nature of the True Sublime,”—a quite
Addisonian hit at the settlement of questions of
reason and sentiment by appeals to brute force.
In No. 88 are theatrical advertisements; in 89
cosmetics; in 90, “eighty-six right Dutch Tables
and Tea Tables finely painted, brought over
from Amsterdam in Holland;” in No. 111, the'
loss ol a snutf-box is advertised. In No. 377, for
May 13,1712, is advertised “The Effigieof His
lliglmess. Prince Eugene of Savov, alter Hie
only original Picture painted by Sir Godfrey
Knellcr, the prince being then on a mission to
England, to endeavor to effect the terms of the
peace which was signed, that year, at Utrecht
These few specimens of advertisements seemed
worthy to be mentioned as illustrative of the
times, and ol the small beginnings of what now
fill so many columns and pages of our daily
papers.
I have thus, my dear sir, executed tn the best
of my ability, the commission which you gave
me, and shall be pleased if this statement proves
of some little interest to my associates of the
Antiquarian Society.
Respectfully yours,
E. E. Salisbury.
New Haven, Oct. 19,1871.
Having read the letter, the president spoke
on the subject as follows:
“I will only add to the valuable letter of our
associate, that so many objects of great histori
cal importance have claimed the attention of
members of this society that the curiosities of
antiquarian lore have ceased to he prominent
among our acquisitions. The subject ot Dr.
Salisbury s letter has the most desirable quali
ties of an antiquarian treasure; in its rarity,iu
of our beiSt scholars have no
s orl inal foT II and the British
?b' a 'n a copy until the year
IoM, and tn its intrinsic value as the most bril
hant speamen ot the literature of the time of
Queen Anne; as the founder and the exemplar
ol a new vehicle of thought and discussion;
English C S VCC,es music of the
Hon. Thomas Russell, collector of the port of
Boston and Chartestown, sailed for Fava 1 Satur
day afternoon in the clipper barque Kate Wil
liams, Capt. Hale. His wife and three children
will accompany him.
§ailn Spn: Warccsfcr, gtannnq, October 23, 1371.
The <»reat Firra.
VAULTS NOT FIRE-PROOF.
Some extraordinary revelations have been
made by the the with regard io the arch 1 tec-'
ture of the post office and custom house build
ing, which proving to have been a sham ami
a fraud of the worst kind, has involved the loss
of an immense sum of money. The vault in the
sub-treasury office, in which Collector McClean
had deposited all the hinds of his department,
was built upon the second story. It rested upon
two iron pillars, built from the basement, with
two iron girders of great strength and weight
connected with the wall. A third girder con
nected the two pillars, forming a framework. A
heavy fire-proof vault was built upon this foun
dation, and proved to be about the weakest in
the city in resisting the fierceness of the fire.
There were in the vault at the time of the fire
51,500,000 in greenbacks, SBOO,OOO in national
bank notes, $225,000 in gold, and SSOOO in silver,
making a total.of $2,180,000, ol which $300,000
was in specie, in an old iron safe which was
left outside the vault was deposited $35,000, con
sisting of mutilated bills and fractional curren
cy. This safe was regarded with scorn, and
deemed unworthy a place in the vault. But
like the little fishes in the net, its insignificance
saved it. When the building caught fire and
blazed with fervent heat, the miserable iron pil
lars melted, and the immense vault, with its
fabulous treasures, fell to the basement, bury
ing the insignificant safe and its mutilated con
tents. The consequence was, that the contents
of the latter were saved, „while $1,800,-
000 in currency was burned to pow
der, and hopelessly lost. The specie was
scattered over the basement floor, and fused with
the heat. There are lumps of fused eagles, val
ued at from SSOO to SIOOO, blackened and
burned, but nevertheless good as refined gold.
The employes have been compelled to rake the
ruins ol the whole building, and have recovered
altogether about five-sixths of the whole amount.
It is probable that days will pass before they
will be able to find the remainder. The build
ing was, as before stated, a fraud of the most
barefaced description, and consequently an ever
lasting disgrace to the country. That a vault
containing treasure to the amount actually lost
should be supported only on two iron pillars,
which gave way and let it fall in ruins, and
should yet make a boast of being fire-proof, is a
piece of irony the most acute. But this vault
was only one of the frauds. 'Hie fire-proof
doors of the post office vault, in which were
stored the records, proved frailer still. The
hinges of the massive portals which were to
protect the government records were only
affixed to a single brick. When, therefore, the
walls expanded with the heat, the sturdy doors
fell out of their own weight, each hinge carrying
with it the single brick to which it held, while
the remainder of the wall was firm as possible.
Of course, all the records were hopelessly ruined.
This vault was fire and burglar-proof. Experts
are not the only persons who can judge of the
value of a vault whose doors had such a feeble
hold. The building is one of a large number
built on the same plan, and the condition of the
lower vault suggests great weakness in those
erected in other cities.— Chicago Tribune.
INCIDENTS OF THE WISCONSIN FIRE.
On Sunday night last, Mr. James B. Clark
of Detroit was at Uniontown, Wisconsin. Fires
were blazing through the forests and along the
prairies in every direction. At sundown there
was a strong breeze, which, at 9 o’clock, in
creased to a furious gale, blowing toward the
lake. The whole surface of the country to the
westward, eastward, and southward seemed to
be one mass of flame, which almost reached to
the lowering clouds, and rushed along at a race
horse speed. Even where Mr. Clark was the
heat was intense. Beyond, toward the lake,
was the settlement of Williamson's Mills, com
prising about 14 families. The fire suddenly
made a rush like the flash of a train of gun
powder, and swept in the shape of a crescent
around the settlement. It is nmost impossible
to conceive the frightful rapidity of the advance
of the flames. The rushing tire seemed to eat
up and annihilate the trees. He says the roar
of the blast was as loud as the whirr of a great
mill. As we stood looking on, say at about 10
o’clock, we heard another strange sound.
Straining our eyes toward the fire—about seven
miles distant—we could just discern something
mo zing; now it would appear like a black
mass, then it would separate into fragments,
swaying to and fro, and bobbing up and down.
It came toward us directly from the lurid wall
of flame. So intense was the glare of the light
all about us that our eyes were dazed; they ran
with water, and we could see only by constant
ly using our handkerchiefs. At last we made
out by sight and sound that the moving mass
was a stampede of cattle and horses thundering
along toward us away from the flames, bellow
ing, neighing and moaning as they galloped on.
Finally they came rushing past with fearful
speed, their eyeballs dilated and glaring with
terror, and every motion betokening de
lirium of fright. Some had been badly
burned, and must have plunged through a long
space of flame in the desperate effort to es
cape. Following considerably behind came a
solitary horse, panting and snorting and nearly
exhausted. He was saddled and bridled, and,
as we first thought, had a bag lashed to his
back. As he came up we were startled at the
sight of a young lad lying fallen over the ani
mal's back, the bridle wound around his hands,
and the mane being clinched by the fingers. Lit
tle effort was needed to stop the jaded horse,
and at once release the helpless boy. He was
taken into the house, and all that we could do
was done; but he had inhaled the smoke, and
was seemingly dying. Some time elapsed, and
he revived enough to speak. He told his name,
Patrick Byrnes,and said: “Father and mother
and the children got into the wagon. 1 don't
know what became of them. Everything is
burned up. lam dying. Oh, is hell any worse
than this!”
The poor fellow lay in a critical condition when
1 left. The next morning we drove down to the
settlement. The first house we came to was
that of Patrick Byrnes, father of the lad before
spoken of. It was a heap of ashes. The brick
chimney, the cooking stove, and iron portions of
farm tools were the only remnants of the place.
The forest was burnt down close to the ground,
the stumps only being left, smoldering and
smoking. Everything was hot. Even the road
was baked and cracked by the heat. About a
mile further on we came to a horrible spectacle.
Alongside the road in a gully lay the bodies of
six persons and two horses, roasted to a crisp.
The iron tires of the wheels, and braces and
bolts of the wagon were scattered about. Here
the fire surrounded and engulfed them. Evi
dently the animals in their mad struggles had
reared, plunged, and fallen headlong from the
road to where they died.
We hurried on. All along the road lay the car
casses ofcattic, sheep, hogs and dogs, burnt to a
crisp. The smaller animals were almost entirely
consumed. Now we came to the village. Nothing
was left hut piles of ashes, smoking and smoul
dering. In the cellar of one bouse we found
eight bodies. One of a man was in a stooping
position over that of a child, as though he died
trying to ward off the flames. This was very
likely the body of Mr. Williamson, the owner of
the mills, who, with his entire family, is said to
have perished. In the rear yard of the next
house, were four bodies, apparently those of a
mother and her children. They were scorched,
not burnt crisp, and one check of the youngest,
a girl of six, retained an expression of calmness
that seemed to indicate a painless death by
suffocation. But the most horrible of all was at
Boorman’s well. Mr. Boorman's house was the
largest in the village, and in the center of the
yard, midway between the house and barn, was
a large, but shallow well. Several of the neigh
bors were supplied with water from this foun
tain, and it is likely that in the conflagration,
when all hope was cut off, the neighbors, insane
with terror, thronged with one purpose to this
well. The ordinary chain and wheel pump used
in that place had been removed, and the wretched
people had leaped into the well as the last refuge.
Boards had been thrown down to prevent them
being drowned; but evidently the relentless fury
of the fire drove them pell-mell into the pit, to
struggle with each other and die —some by
drowning, and others by fire and suffocation.
None escaped. Thirty-two bodies were found
there. They were in every imaginable position;
but the contortions of their limbs and the
agonized expressions of their faces told the
awful tale. All the houses along the roads down
to Sturgeon bay were reduced to ashes, and in
them, or near by, were the blackened corpses of
the ill-fated residents. Twelve only are known
to have escaped. These ran to the lake and
plunged to their necks in the water.
THE COURAGE AND FAITH OF CHICAGO.
A Chicago business man writes to the New
York Post:
We are coming on well. There is a lull after
the storm; all eyes are now on the future, and
our city is a scene of activity unusual even for
us. Residences are converting into offices and
stores, temporary buildings are erecting, and all
is hurry and bustle.
In one form or another, in municipal bonds,
in mortgages or in commercial accounts, we owe
a large amount in the eastern states, and es
pecially in your city. A word of assurance to
our creditors:
Chicago abhors repudiation. Our citizens de
test that word. 1 attended a meeting of bankers
and merchants in Standard hall three days after
the fire, when an insurance seemed worthless
and our complications ruinous. The situation
was looking desperate, and the matter of a gen
eral stay-law for the relief of debtors came up.
It met with a burst of opposition that was elec
tric. It was affirmed, amid rounds of applause,
that the business men of Chicago would tolerate
no such relief, and, whenever it became necessa
ry for the payment of their debts their remain
ing property also should go. Men lately of
large fortunes declared they could not yet see in
what condition their present troubles would
leave them, but they were resolved every penny
they still had should be turned over to meet their
liabilities. Then the applause would be re
newed; and this in a room where scarcely a
man believed himself to be solvent. Every
where in this city you meet with but one senti
ment among our crippled ami ruined men—that
they may have to go down, but if thev do it
shall be honorably and with their colors flying.
To the large holders of our city and county
bonds let me say—have no fears about Chicago
county. Every dollar of the principal
will be paid, and the interest as fast ns it falls
due. Our people arc already* inquiring about
this indebtedness, and affirming that whatever
else is delayed, the interest ou borrowed money
must be paid the day when due. We are heavy
losers, we are poor, but we have some money
left in our city and county, and we will tax our
selves down to the last shire sooner than have
our public obligations dishonored. Even if our
commercial honor were not what it always has
been, any other course would be suicidal, for
we shall want more money and must protect
our credit.
This was an expensive city to build. Mate
rials and labor were cheap enough, but our site
was a swamp. The business portion of the
town was many feet below its present level. The
buildings there are gone, but every dollar ex-
pended for street elevation remains. There are
the heavy curb walls, the graded roadways and
the long miles of Nicolson pavement; there,
too, are the costly sewers, and gas and water
mains. We still have our river tunnels, the
lake tunnel and the waterworks, the expendi
ture of many millions, almost unharmed. H id
our buildings remained and what is now left
been taken, the loss would have seemed ruinous.
No man is to lx; reckoned out of the fight un
til his spirit is broken; and to-day we arc more
full of energy, hope and confidence in ourselves
than in our most prosperous times. Emerson
speaks of a high order of courage which is at
tracted by opposition, and which is never quite
itself until the hazard is extreme. lam not
boasting, but you ought to know we have some
of that courage here. You might walk about
our streets for hours and never read in men’s
faces a word of our bard storv. The lines about
the mouth are stern, but the eyes are bright and
hopeful. lam proud of our city in its meeting
with desolation. Op the firelit avenues in that
early Monday morning I saw gentleman stop in
the hurrying crowd and salute their lady friends
with a word of cheer and all the formalities of a
promenade, while they responded with eyes as
bright and cheeks as’ unblancbcd ns they had
ever shown there tn the sunny afternoons,
Through the terrible hours until dawn, and
amid rhe hurrying thousands in the long burn
ing day, I saw but one woman in tears. The
men saved theirs until the telegraph told us how
the news was receiving elsewhere. Your sym
pathy was the only thing to unman us. Since
our visitation I have mingled with all classes, in
public meetings and in private Intercourse. I
have not hear one word of complaint.
We are face to face with our ruin; we owe you
eastern men much money, and I am writing to
kt you know how wc feel. The day after the fire
I determined to open a new office at once, so as
to do what little I could by example so restore
public confidence. After a long search I was un
successful, because everything suitable bad been
already taken since the fire, the landlords said.
No one can understand Chicago who docs not
remember that we have few old men—least of all
among our prominent business men. Tbecapital
and influence of the city are in the hands of
young men, or men in the prime of life, and
these" can face beggary more courageously
than if their steps were feeble and their best
working-days gone.* Do not say we are still reso
lute because wc do not realize our misfortunes;
we feel what none can feel who have not seen
our ruins; but we thiin< that with unbroken
courage, untarnished honor and God’s help, we
can do again what you saw us do before.
Now, for our commercial liabilities we ask no
releases, no stay-laws, no compromises. Wc are
honest, we are energetic, and we have an enor
mous trade already established. Give us a little
time, that is nil we ask. The election is with
you. If you do not press us we can pay you, we
hope, every dollar. If you piess us, you shall
have what is left.
Just received at Weinberg Bros., 357 Main street,
a fresh lot of Joseph kid gloves at SI.OO per pair-
Every pair warranted.
Also, a new assortment of real Alexandre and
Courvoisier kids, in colors and black.
LATEST MAKKETB,
NEW YORkTFoCK MARKET.
New York, oct. 21.—The statement of Ihe banks for
the week, for which so much Interest and solicitude had
been felt, proves favorable on the strict construction of
the relations of legal reserves and liabilities; but
the better showing results from a sharp contraction of
loans represening the alaim felt by the banks at their
recent expanded condition, and amounting to, in round
numbers, JIO.WW.OOO. So far as actual reserve is con
eerned. the banks are just in the same position OS they
were a week since, or the difference between an it crease
in specie and a decrease In le,'al tenders is too small to
be taken into account. In so tar. however, as their re
serve is concerned, the banks are now across the line
again in the mat ter of a surplus, and hold an ex
cess beyond the legal reserve equal to Just what they
held two weeks since. The exact changes hi the state
ment arc as follows: Decrease in loan-, $9,930,900; in
crease in specie. $823,700; decrease in legal tenders.
s■‘•.'7 200; decrease in deposits. $11,391,100; increase in
circulation, $39,700.
Gold was steady at 112 (fi) 112%, with the tone of the
market dull. The average rate tor cash roid was flat.
The gross clearances were $59,000,000, and the specie
shipment $270,000.
Money was easy, and the rate declined from 7 per cent
coin to 5 per cent currency.
The slate bonds were quiet and generally firm. New
South Carolinas recovered to 43*4; Connecticut sixes
closed at 101 h 101 h, and Rhode Island sixes 100 bid.
Government bonds were strong and higher. We quote
dosing prices;
UuucU mates currency bs 11l
United Slates 5 20 b, 1862, coupons
1865,
u 18€7, 11234
10-408 >o9'«
On the stock exchange, the speculation in favor of
higher prices has been simply rampant, and the excite
met it and activity were on a scale parallelled only dur
ing the panic of the previous week. At the beginning of
business the market was strong, but prices soon under
went a slight reaction, and the hopes of the bears were
encouraged that the rise had culminated. But the cal
culation proved premature, tor the bulls took hold once
more and started the market so vigorously on a fresh
upward movement that they struck their eo'ors, covered
their contracts, and joined ttie bulls, and vied with them
for the advancement of prices, especially after tbe ap
pearance of the bank statement, which seemed to be the
last argument needed for the conversion of the tew re
maining bears. The prices reached at this stage for the
lea-ting stocks were: Western Union 60M, Northwestern
6(»h, New York Central 89. Lake shore 97. Pacific Mail
47, Wabash 57, Ohios 37X, and Rock Island 100 h.
At the close stocks were dull, ami prices fell off 34
1 per cent on the general list, Erie and Reading being
st ill, as all day, steady. Quotations are:
a. Y. Uuuuhi Hudson River consol'd 88H
do do do do scrip 83>4
Brie railroad 28S
Reading railroad 108
Laks Shore A Michigan Southern K 96
Cleveland and Pittsburg railroad 118'4
Chicago and Northwestern railroad 59
do do preferred 89
Chicago and Rock Island railroad 99X
Fort Wayne and Chicago railroad 98
Pacific Mail Steamship company 47
Milwauseeana si. raui rauroau 5644
do do pref 76*4
Ohio and Mississippi railroad 37
r '»ieiiu »txi W anasH rauroad 56 '4
Western Union Telegraph company 59X
Union Pacific railroad stock 2334
Columbus,Cincinnati Ind. Central R K ....17X
BOSTON STOCK MALES— Oct. 21.
SI,OOO Union Pacific railroad 10s, income 72
$15,000 Hartford ano Erie railroad 7s. new 25M
$2,000 Boston city 6s 101
SI,OOO do ss. 1868 IdO
SIO.IOO Conn, state 6s 1883 100 M
$4,000 Maine State 6s. 1889 |()1
$.’,000 Lynn city 6s. 1881 looq
>4.000 Chicago city is 90MM0M
SIO,OOO Cambridge city 6s. 1887 99W
SII,OOO Hartford city 6s. 1876 98 X
$6,000 Detroit. Hillsdale dt Indiana R RBs. 1890 87? i
$1,500 Missisquoi R R 7s 80
$1,500 Eastern railroad 6s, 1874 96'»
$3,000 Vt. Ctl. Vt. A Ca. R R Bs, 1875 99h
230 Boston and Albany railroad 147Sfd)14i
200 Indianapolis and Cincinnati railroad.... 15 '6
88 Phil.. Wil. and Baltimore railroad US
91 Vermont and Canada railroad 100@101h
200 Union Pacific railroad
100 Chicago, Burlington and Quincy R R
60 old Colony auu Newport railroad 102 X
70 Fitchburg railroad 141
25 Eastern railroad 107 H
54 lie bi Ran centra) railroad
48 Northern railroad. N. H 112
luo Connecticut River railroad 139%
100 Portsmouth. Great Falls A Conway R R 104
95 Ogdensburg A Lake Champlain railroad. comß7@B7K
10 /gfiensourg A Lake CnamDlam KU, pref 105
7 Boston and Maine railroad
6 Nashua Manufacturing Company 670
20 Naumkeau steam Cotton Milks 12834
42 Androscoggin Mills 126%
30 Bates Manufacturing Co 114*4
1 Pepperell Manufacturing Co 640
1 Lowell Manufacturing Company 1085
DOMESTIC MARKETS.
Cincinnati. Oct. 21—Pork nominal. Lard9@9Hc.
Bulk meats deman 1 light and holders Ann shoulders
O'ic; clear rib 6*4c; clear sides 7c. Bacon in good de
mand; sales shoulders at7hc; sides closed m 7«
free sellers. Live hogs nominal; asking $3,75 (tfi $4,25;
concessions have been made to sell; receipts (iOuO head.
Whiskey In good demand at 91c.
New okleans, oct. 21.—Cottun dull and lower; mid
dlings at 1834 c.
Fevers seldom make an attack without warning; and
may often be thrown off by soaking the feet in warm
water, wrapping up warm in bed. and taking two or
three of "Parson's PurgativelPills."
A Missionary just returned, says he regards "John
son's Anodyne Liniment" as beyong all price, and effica
cious beyond any other medicine. Ii is adapted to a
great variety of special cases, and is the best pain killer
in the world.
sweet Sixteen.—ls you wish to look young, as well
as beautltnl. use Hagan’s Magnolia Balm upon your
face, neck and hands, an I Lyon’s C< lebrated Kathairon
upon your hair. The Balm makes your complexion
natural, transparent and lively. It removes Freckles,
Pimples, Moth-patches, Ac., and insteadot a red rustic
face, you have the marble purity of a city belle. It gives
to middle age the bloom of youth. Add to tbls a luxuri
ant head of hair, produced by Lyon’s Kathairon, and a
lady has done her happiest thing in the way of adorn
ment. It is Hie best Dressing in the worldfand prevents
the hair from failing out and turning gray. Sold by all
Druggists. dcopAwlm 0.0
special gotirts.
Wry Goods 811 I
MUST BE PAID!
Our customers who have Quarterly Bills due Oct. Ist,
are requested to
Fay at our llcsk,
without further notice.
023 d2w BARNARD, SUMNER CO.
TH Ie W hat is It f
In the human organism, force invariably accompanies
change, and ij. in fact, the result of change. The func
tional action of any organ or portion of the system is
possible only under the condition of change. The blood
continually washes each organ—brain or muscle, gland
or nerve—with its life-giving flood, sweeping away the
dead, worn-out particles and replacing them with new
particles. Death thus starts side by side with lile; and
slile by side, as necessary conditions the one to the other,
they press forward to the common goal of both. The
notion t hat the varying functions of life are but the
varying manifestations and outworking# of a mysterious
entity known as the vital principle, Is now exploded.
Those varying functions are now viewed as the simple
effects of Intimate molecular changes in the organs, just
as the motions of the steam engine are viewed as the
effects of the expansion of elastic vapor tn the boiler and
cylinder. Indeed, very probaldy, if a man had first met
with steam engines in nature, he would have explained
their movements by supposing the existence of a vital
principle or something similar. Now. Dr. Fisch's Bit
tors Is a preparation compounded In accordance with the
above lately discovered principles. It stimulates molec
ular changes. Il also stimulates alimentation, and thus
insures an abundant supply of blood for the formation of
new tissues to take the room of those that molecular
change has displaced as useless. deoplw ©23
Patent* Secured.
Ite-isHui Extensions, and Foreign Patents procured;
Interferences conducted; all kinds of busiucss with the
_ r I’ATENT OFFICE.
Transfers of Hight s, and Patent Cases attended to. by
Offwk Se/A fit. Ht."" 011
»IS dir
Nenntoi'lal Con vent lon.
The Republicans of the First Worcester Senatorial
District are requested to semi .Delegates to a Senatorial
Convention tone hcln al the Common Council Room,
on WEDNESDAY EVEN I NG. Oct. 25, at 7S o’clock, to
nominate a Camllhitc for-« nator. ana to transact such
other business as may properly come liefore said Con
vention.
rhe basis of representation will be the same as at the
Slate Convention.
By order of tin- Committee.
oil dto2s E. B. STODDARD, Chainnan.
Tne Republteaaa ot the M Woreester Senatorial
District are requested to send delegales to a Convention,
to beholden at llorth-iltural Hall, in Worcester, Oct.
25th, Inst., at ll o’clock a. m.. for the purpose of Domi
nating a candidate for Senator, and for transacting any
other business which may properly come before it. Ihe
basis ot representation will be the same as that tor the
state Convention.
A. J. BARTHOLOMEW, Chairman.
Geo. W. Johnson, Sec’y.
Southbridse. Oct. 19,1871. deoptMth 014
The Republicans ol the 17th Representative
District, comprising the towns of Spencer, Leicester,
Soul hbridge. Charlton, and Auburn, are requested to
send delegates to a Convention to be bidden at the •’Bay
State House.” on THURSDAY, the 2d day of November,
at II) a. v.. for the purpose of nominating two candidates
to represent the District at the next. General Court, and
tor the transaction of any other business proper to come
before the Convention.
The basis of representation will be the same as that of
last year, 1870. «aMUKI s. perrY,
Chainnan 17th Repul lican District Committee.
Southbridge, Oct. 11th, 1871. deoptiri o!7
The DemoeriitM of the IKtli Representative Dis
trict. embracing the towns of Webster. Oxford, Sutton.
Millbury, Douglas and Dudley, are requested to send
delegates to a Convention, to be held at the Sheldon
Douse, in Webster. October 28. 1871, at one o’clock r m..
for the purpose of nominating Three Representatives to
suppoit (he coming Election, ami to do such other
business as may come before sal I Convention Basis ot
Representation the same as at the State Convention.
WM. S. SLATER, Chairman.
Moses Haukes, SecTfarv.
Webster. OcWWr 17,1811. <l3l <>J
The Democrats ol 3d W al *tci I Di
trict are requested to send delegates to a Senatorial Con
vention, to lie held at the Gomi Templars' Hall in M eh
ster, Oct. 2Htn, Inst, at 11 o’clock a. M.. for the purpose
ot nominaling a candidate for Senator, and lor transact
ing any oilier business which may properly come before
the Convention. The basis <d' representation will be the
same as that tor the state Convention.
LYMAN SHELDON, Chairman,
E. E. Harwood. Secretary.
Webster, Oct 18, 1871. d3t 021
The IhunoeraD of Worcester County are request
ed to send Delegates to a Convention to tie hidden at
Worcester, in Horticultural Hall, mi TCESDAY. Oct.
24Hi. at 11 o’clock a. m., for the purpose of nominating
.candidates for the following County Officers Clerk of
the Courts, Sheriff. District Attorney, one County Com
missioner, and two special Commissioners, and for the
transact hm of such other business as may properly come
before them.
The basis of representation will be the same as that
for the State Convention.
J AMES E. ESTABROOK.
Chairman of the Democratic County Committee.
Salisbury Hyde, Sec’y. 013
Worcester County InMUtiitton ter Savings
FOSTER STREET.
Chartered February 8,1328.
Deposits put on interest on the flrat day of each month
Dividends made every January and July.
Deposits May 1, 1871 WO.
Hon. ALEXANDER 11. BULLOCK, President
dawtf C. A. HAMILTON, Treasursr.
Worcester Five Cent* Savinas ltunk»
OFFICE, NO. MAIN STREET, WORCESTER
This Bank is open every business day, from nine o'clock
in the morning to five o’clock in the afternoon.
Deposits from Five Cents to One Thousand Dol
lars received, and put upon interest on the first of every
month.
Dividends of Interest arc made in January and
July, and if not withdrawn are added to the principal
on the first of the following month.
Smallest sum entitled to receive Interest, Three Dol
lars. CLARENDON HARRIS,
jv9 dtf Treasurer.
The Worcester Mechanics gaviugt Bank
IU CENTRAL EXCHANGE.
The Bank is open daily for the receipts of Deposits
Deposits put upon Interest on the Fi/Uenth day ot
each month.
Semi-annual Dividends in January and July.
HARRISON BLIBB President.
H. Woodward, Treas’r.
deci dawtf
People’s Saving* Bank,
MARBLE BUILDING, 452 MAIN ST.,
Opposite the City Hall.
The usual Skmi-.Ynnval Dividend at the rate of Six
per Cent, per annum has been declared.
Deposits arc put on interest on the first day of every
month.
In addition to the usual Bank Hours, the Bank isopen
to Depositors on Saturday Evenings, from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Amt. Deposit* Aug. 1, ’11... .SI TO
Number of Depositors 7,TH
JOHN C. MASON, President.
C. M. BENT. Treas.
Worcester. Aug. 2.18’1. d&wtf ua2
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption is derangement ot
the digestive organs. This derangement produces defi
cient nutrition and assimilation. By assimilation I mean
tnat process by which the nutriment of the food Is con
veried into blood, and thence into (he solids ot tlie hotly.
Persons with digestion (has impaired, having the slight
est predisposition to pulmonary disease, or If they lake
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs in some of its forms ami I hold that it will lie
impossible to cure any case of Consumption without
first restoring good digestion ami healthy assimilation.
The very first thing to lie done is so cleanse the stomach
and bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which is
clogging these organs so that they cannot perform their
functions, an i then rouse up and restore the liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and best,
remedy is Schenck’s Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse
the stomach and bowels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease ami decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated (here, and arouse it up
to a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed by (lie
use of Schenck’s Mandrake Pills; but there remains in
the stomach an excess of acid, the organ is torpid, and
the appetite is poor. In the bowels, the lacteal* are
weak, and requiring strength and support. It Is in a
condition like this that Schem-k's Seaweed Tonic proves
to be the most valuable remedy ever discovered. It is
alkaline, and its use will neutralize all excess of acid,
making the stumach sweet and fresh; it will give perma
nent tone to this important organ, and create a good,
hearty appetite, an i prepare the system for the first
process of a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
nealthly, living Idood. Aft< r this preparatory treatment,
what remains to cure most casts of Consumption is the
free and persevering use of Schenck’s Pulmonic Sprup.
The Pulmonic syrup no Tishes the system, purifies the
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation, and
thence distributed to flic diseased lifrigs. Tiler" It ripens
all morbid matters, whether in the form of abscesses or
tubercles, ami then assists nature to expel all the diseased
matter In the furni of free expectoration, when once
it rip -ns. It L’> then, by the great healing and purifying
properties of Schenck’s Pulmonic Syrup, that all ulcers
and cavities are healed np sound, and my patient is
cured.
The tsscntial thing to be done tn curing consumption
Is to get up a good appetite ami a good digestion, so that
Hie body will grow in flesh and get strong. If a person
lias diseased lungs, a cavity or aoscess there, tl»e cavity
cannot heal, die in ii ter cannot ripen, so long as the sys
tern is below par. Wnat is necessary to cure is a new
order ot things, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the
body to grow In flesh ami gel fat; then n iture is helped,
the cavities will heal. Hie matter will ripen and tie
thrown off in lar K e quantities, and the person regain
health and strength. This is the true and only plan to
cure Consumption, ami if a person is very bad. if the
Iflngs are not entirely destroyed, or even it one lung is
entirely gone, if theer is enough vitality left in Hie other
to heal up. there is hope.
I have seen nun.v persons cured with only one sound
lung, live ami enjoy hie to a good old age. This is what
Schenck’s medici. eswill do tocure Consumption They
will clean out the stomach, sweeten and strengthen it,
get up a good digestion, and give nature the assistance
she needs to clear the system of all t lie disease that is in
Ilie lungs, whatever the form may lie.
It is inmortant that, while u dug Schenck’s medicines,
care should In- exeicised not to take cold; keep in doors
in cool ami damp weather; avoid night air and take out
door exercise only in genial and warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when 1 recommend
a patient io he careful in regard to taking cold while
using my medicines, Ido so for a special reason. A man
who has but partrally recovered from the etfects of a bad
cold is farmorc liable to a relapse than one who has been
entirely cured, an iit is precisely the same in regard to
Consumption, so long as the lungs are not penectiv
healed, just so long is there imminent danger of a full
return of the disease Hence it is that Iso strenuously
caution pulmonary patients against exposing themselves
to an atmosphere that is not genial and pleasant. Con
tinned consumptives’ lungs are a mass of sores, which
the least change of atmosphere will inflame. The grand
secret of my success with my medicines consists in mj’
ability to subdue inflammation insteal of provoking it,
as many of the faculty do. An inflamed lung cannot
with satety lo the patient, be exposed to the biting blasts
of winter or the chilling winds ot spring or autumn. It
should lie carefully shielded from all irriiating Influences.
The utmost caution should he observed in l his particular,
as without Itacure under almost anv circumstances is an
impofsibllity.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and nutri
tious diet, and all the medicines continued until the body
has restored to it the natural quantity of flesh anil
strength
I was myself cured by this treatment of Hie worst kind
ot Consuinplion, ami have lived to get fat and hearty
these many years, with one lung mostly gone. 1 have
cured thousands since, and very >nuny have been cured
by this treatment whom 1 have never seen.
About the first of October I expect to take possesion
ot niy new butldnu at the northeast comer of Sixth and
Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to give advice to
all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all mv remedies, so that a
person In any part ot the world can’be readily cured by a
strict observance of the same.
.1. 11. SCHENCK. M. ridladelpbla.
GLOKCE C. GOODWIS co., Agents, Boston,
si deoptf
The
WORCESTER SAJ E DEPOSIT
AND
Trust Company,
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS BANK BUILDING
Worcester.
GEORGE M. RICE, President.
Receive! Money on bepoeit tubject to Check at Siyht.
▲HD ALLOWS
INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES
▲T THE RATE OF
FOUR FER CEJNT_. PER ANNUM.
Small Safes, enclosed in Burglar-Proof Cases, to which
the Renter alone lias access, are offered to the public for
rent, at prices vary ing from >ls to >75 each per annum.
It is a place of Security ayainit Eire or Buvilari for
deporting Valiiab.es of all kinds. r
Bond:;. Mortgage-. Wills, Deeds, Jewelry, Silver Plate
«c.. received al very low rates, for which conn are
fflViil.
double4oS?ed aad Hmall are
A Pri X ate Night-Watch, on duty from 6p.m. to 6 a.m
no rg ai larni communicating with the Police
Office, add greatly to the security ot her wise afforded.
Business Hours from 9 a. m. to 3 u.
J* l4 dtf SAMUEL T. BIGELOW. Hec’y
Mulhcwt zu Dhaniberimn,
PLUMBERS.
Corner Waldo and Exchange Bta., Worcester. Maae.
Bath Tuba and Boilers, Water Closets, Wash Bowls’
WMh Trays, Sinks Ac &c. .fitted up at short notice, and
In a thorough manner. dtf jyß
John N. Ulurk At Non, Commlsson Merchants
ano dealers tu r lour and Grain. Land Plaster, Lime, Cal
cined Piaster, Or. Bone. Cement. Salt, Guano, Super
phosphate ofLlme, and Wei tirn Produce, Nos. 95 and
97 Front st., Worcester, Mass
dtf JOHN S. CLARK A SON
Dr. Bicknell’s Syrup,
For the cure of Bowel or Summer Complaint.. net« like
maple lK>. nl< r.r, Itmirlua. ItoleraMortm. oHe.
ramp, Sick or Sour Klomseh, Dyspepsia. Ac., going
ImmeX ale roll. Free front opiate. tti.l tWFef pnaliicea
Co.llveneaa. Ih.ltcm'd for dill.ln oa» art.mu.ll
persons. Sold by all dealer'in meilicine,
u trial. Prepared only by Edward Ballon, ot I nnidence,
r. j. n3m ww
JBarnnrd. Sumner A o.
are, as usual, “Early In the Field,’’ anti their announce
ment for Fall Trade appears In our paper tn day, coin
prising a Solid Column. Money that Is to be Invested in
DRY GOODS OR CARPETS,
cannot be better spent than at their Store.
3ST Mirin St.,
s 5 dtf Worcester.
Worcester Una I.ight Company.
COKE.
This Cheap akd most Desirable Fuel for Manufßc
luring purposes and Family use. is now offered to the
public in quantities to suit, at the following Reduced
Prices;
One Chaldron of 36 bushels SS.M
One Half do. 18 2.50
In quantities less than half Chaldron, 15 Cents per
bushet.
Payments may be made, and orders for its delivery will
be issued only a’t the Office ot the Company, No. 6 Bank
Block, Foster street, up stairs.
REPAIRS. Ac.
Irregularities or failure of supply ot gas should bo report
ed, ami applications for service Dines and meter.' may be
mane at the Repair Room, No. 4 Crompton's Block, Me
chanic street hj> shms. dtf 104
Dr. lleury F. Clark,
Office comer Myrtle and Southbridge sts.
013 dtf
nntchclor’N Hair Dye.— This superb Hair Dye
is the best in the irorld—yerfwily harmless, reliable and
instantaneous; no disappointment; no ridiculous tints
or disagreeable odor. The genuine Win. A. Batchelor's
Hair Dye produces immediately a splendid Black or
Natural Brown leaves the hair clean, soft, beautiful;
does not contain a particle of lead or any injurious com
pound. Bold by all Druggists. Factory, 16 Bond st.. N.
Y. dlvr fylO
An Anchor to Windward.
It Is good seamanship, when there Is reason to expect
heavy weather, to Crop an anchor to windward.
We are in the midst of the season of chills and fever.
The sure preventive of this distressing malady is Hostet
ler's Stomach Bitters. A coutse of that wholesome
vegetable tonic will render an attack Impossible. Take
the hint and drop an anchor to windward.
Weak stomachs are most liable to lie dlsoidered late in
the autumn, when the changes of temperature are
marked and frequent. Hostetter's Bitters fortify the
tlomach against the effects of these variations. Let
dyspeptics make a note of the fact, and drop an anchor
to windward.
The liver is more sensitive when the weather is con
tinually alternating between the warmth of summer and
the cold of winter than at any other period of the year.
This is peculiarly the season of such alterations. Let the
bilious rcniemlier that Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is
essentially an anti-bilious medicine, and drop an anchor
to windward
The wisest plan is to forestall evil. The next best
thing Is to arrest, it. For disorders of the stomach,
irregularities of the bowels, and all periodical fevers,
lake, as soon as the complaint developes itself, Hostet
ter’s stomach Bitters. d&wlw o!9
Indexical Silver Soap!
Marion Harland, in “Common Sense in the Ilonse
hold.’* page 529, says: “For cleaning silver, I have for
year-used t he I.NDEXIUAL SILVER SOAP. Besides
being clean and easy of application, it will not wear
away the metal, as will whiting or chalk or plate pow
der.’’ Sold everywhere. d3m aulß
Dr. F. Morrill, No. 3 Bulfinch st Boston, Mass.
Consult him in all cases; he is the oldest and most ex
peneneed specialist in Boston—thirty-three years’ prac
tice. Sec his Pocket Medical Adviser. Price 25 cents.
Send for it. deopAwtf o 5
Geo. S. >1 oppin <!o., Commisson Merchants
and Dealers In Flour. Corn, Rye, Oats, Malt, Meal of al
kinds. Fine and Coarse Feed, Lineced Oil Meal. Me
ch*ni«‘ utrAet. Wnrcaater. Man* dtr 1a29
Five Per Cent, per Annum
Allowed for Money on Call. F.. A. GOODNOW,
*us dtf First National Rank.
DIED
In this city. Oct 22. Mrs Adeline, wife of Geo Miller,
aged 28 years.
Funeral on Wednesday atl 2 o’clock. Relatives and
friends are invited to attend.
in this city, Oct 21, Walter A, son of O W and Ellen P
Norcross, aged limos 1 day.
Funeral on Tuesday, at 11 o’clock. Relatives and
friends are invited to attend.
In Hopkinton, Oct 19. Harriet J, wife of Dr J Pratt,
aged 71 yrs.
Funeral Monday, Oct 23, at 2 pm.
Jldu
a MONTACUTELODGE.F.&A.M.
vA A Special Communication will be held at Ma-
Hall, THIS (Monday) EVENING, Get.
23d, 1871. at o’clock. Work—E. A.
vF By order of (he W. M
<>23 dlt ii. i>. BARBER, Sec’y.
IMNIGKEITS LODGE NO. 44, D. O. H.
A Members ot this Lodge are requested to attend a
Special Meeting, THIS (Monday) EVENING, at Bexj.
Zaeder's Rooms. A full at t endance is desired.
023 dlt J. SAUER, O. B.
BOARDING !—Any persons who can ac
commodate ladies and gentlemen with board, at
one dollar a day, during the Musical Convention of this
week, will please leave t heir address as early as con
venient to-day, at the Music Store ot Messrs. RICH
ARDS. METCALF A CO., or S. R. LELAND A CO.
023 dlt
yyE SHALL EXHIBIT ON
Wednesday, Oct. 25th,
NEW STYLES
IN
LADIES’ CLOAKS
FOR FALL ANO WINTER WEAR.
We have now on hand a very fine assortment of VEL
VETEENS, (in all colors,) PLUSHES, (all shades,) and
CLOTHS of all descriptions, suitable for Ladles’ and
Misses’ Garments.
Also, a Full Stock of Trimmings,
TO MATCH OUR CLOTHS.
We are now prepared to take orders to cut and fit, or
make up Garments in the latest and most approved
styles, guaranteeing entire satisfaction in this depart
ment.
J. 11. CLARKE CO.,
353 Main St.
.50 STYLISH BLACK ALPACCA SUITS now in
Stock, selling at PRICES. dtf 023
By B. W. ABBOTT. Auctioneer.
office No. 1 Central Exchange, old P. O. Building,
pHBS TN U T GROVE FAR M.
ADJOURNED SALE I
On account of the storm on the 12th inst., I shall
again offer my entire
FARM STOCK
A.T AUCTION
On Thursday, October 26th,
at 10 a. m. if stormy the sale will take place the next
fair day. The Stock consists of
THIRTY THOROUGHBRED JERSEYS,
some of them the finest ever offered at auction. Grade
and Native Cattle. Horses. Colts, Carriages, Wagons,
Harnesses, 50 Tons Prime Hay, 15 Tons Mowed Oats for
fodder,soo bushels Carrots, a choice collection of Fowls,
Fann Tools, Ac.
jy FARM FOR SALE, F. M. WOOD.
R. W. ABBOTT, Aact’r.
Grafton, Oct. 20, 1871. dis 023
By B. W. ABBOTT. Auctioneer.
Office No. 1 Central Exchange.
JJEAL ESTATE
BY AUCTION
Will be sold by Public Auction, on the premises, on
SATURDAY. Oct. 28th. at 3 o’clock r. M., or Immediately
alter the sale of the Ripley Estate,
ONE-HALF OF THE DOUBLE HOUSE,
Nos. 6 and 8 Hammond St
The half to lie sold Is No. 6, and situated next to Main
st., being about one hundred and fifty feet from the
same. It contains 10 good sized rooms, ample closet and
pantry room, city water, gas, and in good condition*
Lot contains about 4600 feet.
Terms easy. SIOO down at close of sale.
<>23 dts B. W. ABBOTT, Auct'r.
RATIONAL CH O RUS~BOOK~i
JUST PUBLISHED.
Contains a fine selection of Oratorio and Operatic
Chori ses, and a choice collection ot new Glees. Quar
-1 ETTES, AC.
It is similar. In general design, to the well known
Chores Wreath Commended to Musical Societies,
Conventions and Choirs.
Price, ini..lO.
Sent, post-paid, on receipt of retail price.
OLIVER WITSON A CO.,
028 dtt Boston.
A Lb
AMERICAN SEWING MACHINES
are fully warranted. They are Simple and Durable; a
child can operate them. Fine Stitching done to order.
172 S Main St., Worcester.
SmM deMtf I. H. nTOCKWELL.
SIOO to 250 tJed sure to Agen’tsevery
where selling our new seven strand White Platina
('lotiibs Lines. Sells readily at every house. Samples
free. Addre-sthe GIRARD WIRE MILLS.
«>23 deop&weow2m* Pa,
iJltto
FUR CLOAK 8!
BARNARD, SUMNER CO.
will have on exhibition on
Alonday and Tues day,
A FEW ELEGANT
SEAL FER
AND
ASTRACIIAW
CLOAKS!
Including the Novelties m Ermine Trimmed Black
Astrnchan.
023 d2t
FAMILY BL ANKE IS.’
HORSE BL4NKETS
AND
CARRIAGE ROBES!
The Largest Stock in the City, selling on the prices of
last June, at
BARNARD, SUMNER CO’S.
d6t
OASHMERE ROBES!
BARNARD, SUMNER CO.
Have now open a new assortment of
Printed Cashmere Robes,
AND
PRINTED CASHMERES BY THE YARD.
The Richest Goods Imported.
023 d6t
TOADIES’ FELT SKIRTS
ONE DOLLAR LESS THAN LAST SEASON S PRICES.
A very Largo Stock just opened,
BARNARD, SUMNER CO.
oM d6l
Ji LEGANT
Dress Goods!
THE MOBT ATTRACTIVE STOCK
we have ever offered of the
New and Desirable Plain Fabrics,
In the Cloth Colors,
so very desirable at this season. Also, a very flue
assortment of
PLAIDS!
BARNARD, SUHNLR CO.
023 d6t
OASBI ME RE S F 6 R BOY 8
BARNARD, SUMNER CO.
Have a very fine Stock of
CASSIMERES!
Especially adapted lor Boys of all ages.
ALSO,
FINE TRIGOTS AND BEAVERS,
FOR GENTLEMEN'S WEAR!
At Very Low Prices.
023 <l6t
OHICKERING SONS’
Piano Fortes,
THE BEST PIANOS AT THE LOWEST PRICES.
And upon the Most Favorable Terms of
Payment.
We Invite the attention of persona intending to pur
chase Pianos, to our New Illustrated Catalogue, giving
full descriptions of Styles and Prices, and the terms on
which we sell to those desiring lo make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send for a Catalogue.
CHICKERING SONS,
354 Washington St., Boston.
11 East 14th St., New York.
023 d&wlm
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU-
V' SETTS— Worcester, ss. Probate Court—To the
Heirs al Law, Next of Kin, and all other persons interest
edin the Estate of MARY W. KING, late of Sutton,
in said county, married woman, deceased, Greeting
Upon the petition of Horace Leland, you arc
hereby' cited to appear at a Probate Court, to lie held at
Worcester, in said County, on the first Tuesday of
November next, at nine o'clock in the forenoon, to
show cause, If any you have, why an instrument purport
ing to he the last will and testament of said deceased,
should not be approved.
And the said petitioner is ordered to serve this citation,
by publishing the same once a week, three weeks suc
cessively, in the Worcester Daily spy, a newspaper
printed at Worcester, the last publication to be one day,
at least, before said Court, and to send, or cause to be
sent, a written or printed copy of this notice, properly
mailed, postage paid, to each the heirs, devisees, or
legatees of said estate, or their legal representatives,
known to the petitioner, seven days, at least, before said
Court.
Witness, Henby Chapin, Esquire. Judge of said Court,
this twenty first day of October, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one.
HAS. E. STEVEN’S, Register.
022 d3sM
rpHIS IS TO GIVE NOTICE, that on the
A twentieth day of October, A. D. 1871. a warrant in
bankruptcy was Issued against the estate of Reuben E.
Bartlett, of Webster, in the county of Worcester, and
state of Massachusetts, who has been adjudged a bank
rupt on bis own petition; that the payment of any debts
and the delivery of any property, belonging to such
bankrupt, to him, or for his use, and the transfer ol any
property by him arc forbidden by law; that a meeting of
the creditors of the said bankrupt, to prove their debts
and to choose one or more assignees of his estate, will
be held at a court of bankruptcy, to lie holdeti at
No. 6 Chapin Block, Worces’er. Mass., at the office o
and before I’. C. Bacon, Register, on the Bth day ot
November, A. D. 1871, at i 0 o’clock a. M.
ROWLAND G. USHER.
U. 8. Marshal, Mass. District, as Messenger.
023 d3t
FINE GARDEN MANURE— For sale at
No. 22 King 81. JOEL FLETCHER.
023 dtf
END ALL BA NIST Ell
Auctioneers Commission Merchants,
Win give their personal attention to Sales by Auction of
Beal Estate and Personal Property of every description,
tn City or State. Consignments of New ‘anti Second
hand Furniture. Drv Goods, Groceries. Crockery, and
other Personal Property, solicited for our regular bales,
or for special sales, at our large and commodious Bales
Room.
VK EXTINS BLOCK, FRONT ST..
opposite ITrumbull st., Worcester. Drv and Fancy
Goods, Cutlery, Silve r Plated Wi re, Clocks, Watches,
Jcwclrv, ani a large variety <d Merchandise at private
sale, at low prices. Fair and honorable treatment to all
—our motto. HORACE KENDALL,
L. W. BANISTER.
woivcster, (»etnber 20, INTO. dim 0’23
ANTED Half a dozen Joorneymen
Aeo T! Apply at Dr. J. PENNIMAN’S Of
th'’,' (Brown .v Barnard’s S(ab|e.) between
tne hours ol 7 and 9 P M dßt oW
oM I y c E CI HHIEH.
Dix. cur. N. A'hland st.
At Springside Dye Hous& a
st ands i L imlh 1 Goons. ,tc., one who untler
junds the business preterred. Apply at No. 13 Ganlncr
I’LL l' S>l NG H. S. B parties can
11 mJ in r nl furnished in a m w
<J>k’dn If nV modern conveniences; can
bi Un bo.ud it picferred. lernis reasonable.
<M3 dtf
TED Board for two ladies, in a
•.Vi a nulet Part, of the city; pleas-
ant locality; mom well lurni'heil; a few other boarders
not objectionable. Address Mrs. s. C. L., 58 Front st
Q-3 _ d6l*
\VAN TEI) A mi Idle-aiK'd woman to do
r general housework; must be a good cook, washer
and ironer. Such an one will find permanent emplov
ment. Inquire at 266 Main st. WM. DK’KI NSON
023 dtf
STOLEN— A
BMCK ANU WHITE SETTER UOG; an-
11 BWcrs ,0 nan,c of Shol blin ln ne:, r eve. and
notfull length. A suitable reward paid
lor any in'ormatlon, or return of dog.
JAS. F. DAVENPORT orL. STOWE <fc CO.,
’'-d dtf Worcester, Mass.
7*. TAKEN UP!—-Came into the in-
V< M 4AV o ure ’he subscriber, Friday, Oct. 20th.
*2l A '’ARK RED cow The owner is requested
to prove property, nay charges, and take her
nw ®r J. Al. SIMONDS
d3t* Salisbury st.
RENT—A first-class Tenement, with
modern improvements. Inquire on the premises,
corner 1 rovtdence and Harrison sts. dlw* 023
Uofltts.
J OH N D WABHB URN \S
INSURANCE AGENCY,
Clark’s Block 405 Main St.,
WORCESTER.
JMA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD.
Capital, $3,000,000.
HARTFORD
Fire Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD.
Capital, §1,000,000.
PHEIIX
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD.
Capital, §OOO,OOO
HOME j
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK.
Capital, §3,500,000
NIAGARA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK.
Capital, §1,000,00t
NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON.
Capital, §3oo,oo(
Aortli Britisli
AND
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPACT
OF DOX DOX.
-Rrancli Office in New York.
Capital, (Gold) §10,000,001
The undersigned does not rest the claim of
above institutions to the public confident
at this time, on the negative merit of haviv
"lost nothing at Chicago,” a circumstance whu
might have been the result of accident, want
enterprise, or want of capital, but EXPRESSL Yai
ESPECIALL Yon the.fact of HA YING HAD LOS
ES THERE, of HAVING CONTRIBUTED MI.
LIONS TO THE RELIEF OF THE SUFFE.
ERS, of HAVING PROVIDED FOR THE PA
MEET OF EVERY DOLLAR OF THE!
LOSSES, ON ADJUSTMENT, and of havii
shown the moral and financial strength to maintai
in the midst of the greatest conflagration in t,
world's history, their COMMERCIAL MONO
UNTARNISHED, and their LARGE CAPITAL
UNIMPAIRED.
And upon these jiresent considerations, as well t
on their past honorable record, the undersigiu
claims for these institutions the confidence and su
port of a thoughtful and discriminating communit
.KillA I). H ASHBURN
_o2l dtf
WO R C ESTER COUNT
HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.
The Annual Meeting of the Worcester Co. Horticulti
ral Society will be held at the Library. In Horticultur
Hall, in the ily of Worcester, on WEDNESDAY, tl
Ist day of November, at KBS o’clock M. lo act upt
the following articles:
1. To choose Officers of the Society for the ensuh
year.
2. To transact appropriate business.
3. To sec if any change shall be made In the by law
GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec’y.
Worcester, Oct. 18.1871.
TR VMTEFA
The Trustees of the Worcester Co. Horticultural S
ciety will convene, for the transaction ofbusiness.it
niediately-upon the dissolution of the Annual Meeting
the society. GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec’y.
Worcester. Oct. 18,1871. dtnl
4 MEETING of the Stockholders of tJ
First National Fire Insurance Company of Worce
ter will beheld at the office of said Company, in su
Worcester, on FRIDAY, the twenty-seventh day
October. 1871, at two o’clock in the afternoon, to .1'
upon the following articles:
Article 1. To see if the Company will assess the Sto<
•0 repair its Capital to (he original amour
as provided in Chapter 249, Section 7. of tl
the acts of the Legislature of the year 186
and to act thereon.
Article 11. To see If the Company will Increase I
capital Slock, awl to what amount, as pr
vldc I in Chapter 178, Section 1. of the Acts
the Legislature of the year 1869, and to a
thereon.
Article HL To act upon any’ other business that mt
legally coin- before the meeting.
GEO. E. KENDALL, Asst. Sec’y.
Worcester, Oct. 19.187 L dtm 020
gAY STATE FIRE INSURANCE C(
in accordance with a vote of the Directors at the
meeting held thHday. a Special Meeting of the’Stocl
holders of the Bay state Fire Insurance Company wi
beheld at their office in Worcester, on the 25th day
October current, at 11 o'clock A. m.. to act upon tl
matter of increasing the capdal of said Company, ai
noon anv other business that may legally come net'o
the meeting. U. c. CROSBY. J a.', Secretary.
Worcester, Oct. 16th, 1871. dto2s ol?
yy ORC ESI ER COUS TV MECHANIC
During the remainder of the month of October. tt
Treasurer will be at bis Office in Mechanics Hall, c
Mondw, Tibsday. Thirsday and Satvbdat Evi
ninos only, to receive Hie Dues unpaid. He will n
ceive payment in the day time at ids office. No. 28 Pea
st., opposite Post Office
Mein hers desiring their to appear In the pn
posed new Catalogue, will bear in mino that their asses
mentsare “payable in the month ot October.”
(I<> dtnl wm. A. HMITH, Treae.
BOARD FOR HORSES I—The subscribe
has good accommodations for boarding 15 or
Horses for the winter. 1). A. CHAKI,
04 dlw* Rochdale, Mass.