And of which there were Scattering thirty two
ene 8
ROD
NINTH WARD
PIRST ELF CTH N DISTRICT,
That It appears on snch eeripate and canvass, oat the whole non
Ber of votoe given for the «fees of Inspectors 0 Ektionel tle
Pret Klection District of the Nunth Wend was fourtean toon sand
Of whieh Jseoh R. Riler receive? two thomeand nine huntred and 2.006
of whieh George B. Dearve jr, received two thousand eizht bund: =o
Of which Abraham I Cooper recived one thousand nine hondred
Of whieh Thomas H Coppa jr reecive! one theneand nine bund 1.964
pred and fly four... cane LLL Dh he Ths
Of which James Graham recers ed one thonsan! erght hundred and L190
INCE ces cnnacnsrrnnnne on TT 1 LLL REAR An Ady r
of which Charles J. MeCoriiek reriived one thousand eight huod- Lu
Of which R11 Bull receives cia hotdred and ninety three ooo... si
Of which 8. VIL Barhot! received wx huncred Aud ninety toree ws
of which Phere Wore Dee ve SeVENnTeen. oouiien nanan 5
Asd of Which there were Seattenig CighIy Oe. eae ninnaee
14,80
SUC AD FIRCTION DISTRICT.
That it appears on such extimate and canvass, that the whole num
ber of votes gives ‘or the offices of Tspusiers of Klection of the
Recond Kiection Instrict of the Ninth and was fourteen thous
and phe hundicd aid tour rey renanrasnnsnnsenarnaenees JIA
Of which Gorge Hallock received two thousand eight han!red and
Of which W loam E. Noble, Jr, peeved two thousand eight huud-
Of «hich Matthew have jr, received one thousand nine hundred S05
Blt) Joseph De Slay recersed one thousand nine Lundred and
Of winch Mamnel Rowland recened one thousand seven boudred
Of which Wil aw M. Kictarison received one thoosand meven
Matar AD MIELE Re VED Lar. ocorarsarannr tia saascesansies in 1°70
Of whieh Carles Mo Qables received six handred and wnety three, 600
Of whieh Japes Qare 1¢ eived six hundred and moety three... O84
Of which the e wee Deactine Callen couiiniiniinassinanninne 1d
Ad oF Whoo lL We SCaatChally SOVCREY SOUT Lines 4
[ERE
TRIRD FLECTION DISTRICT,
appefre of net est anne and canvass that tte whole nome
THE crven tor the offices of Inxpectors of kection of the
Third Election bistiict of tie Nuuth Ward was Lite thousand
Of whieh Thomas H. Coppias recs ived two thonsand eight bundred
and DipeLt ose ver erat i re rer tess sare ss rare ens eensesenss TROT
Ot whieh Alfred Gener received two thousand eight bunded and
Of which Jar ea Jaiues 11 Souder rec ceived two thousand seven bun.
Of wtiei Levine KB. Lawton rece tod coe thousand mine hundred
Ar BIOPIE 100. caput caransat saan aR TERA aaa 1,902
Of wiveh Abratam Db. Cue recdived one thousand seven husdied
PT LLL EE AAA Ag Ti IA 179
Of which George Fo Odell received one the sand seven hundred and
Diet Reve sh BS PI IRIS
Of wh cb Mattias Carsteus ceceived seven caundreed and seventy.
AIDC. cccvvvvoaenneses PTE Er DO TR Tr TY rE
Of wie! thee were Detecting eRlteed.oaiiiiananiniiniiinane IS
Awd of whic hi thee New Dealiciiy set IRI (UY PPP PPP PRP rk
KAY
Foo LTR BLECTI ON RICTRICY
hat (fF APDeATe 6% ancl ost te Ad CINTA thet the whol mam.
bet of seis Coen for the offices of luspeciorns of becom of the
Fourth: Kiec ion Biainet of the Ninth Ward wae fo recs thea
Of which Jsmes Wed recerved two thousand e ght hundred and
PTT LE A LAI Ty 2 CET
Of wooo Thomas Ha Coppin eeeved swe thousand eight bnucred
ard seveliy sin Arr rr “ns Fa oe 2870
fw Ww ae lt Fem peoeired two thousand ard orts eight, FEU
Uf whoeh Wo lan (obsen received one thousand Line Luar and
wyentvee yh resssnusnan “es sens DONS
Cf whebh Wo lem Ho Dorgan received one thoasand sever Lundred
and minetvseven, caviar p MS rity}
Of whieh Mucbaes Mctaer tees vey one thousand seven bun tred and
amd Gancty Le ues wen Rv lh
0 whed Lewis Ho M thse reeoive six hat dred ard vinety three, BG
Maheh boned Hox ces eceed x hluared ald inet Shree... GUS
Pf which there were Ptective ight M 1
Bid of Wh cu ee WeTe DALIT up MYER) TORI saeanin nuianiaen RE)
13,000
TPT PIV TONY CTR g
Phot 1f ApJenTe ON SUCH plate ald (aT van TLL Yo wpole nome
rofl vot sv 0 fon he offices of Juspweetors of Fleetiop of the
Forth Becton Doers t of the N uth Ward was fourteen thousand
Of vied Willie A Sumas received two thoneard oight hoy Yeod
And seventies, eves 2076
Of whch Francs 8 Lato rd peor two thousand «2h Lnared
ardd seSentyos xX. ser EEE Ea ee 276
Of sted Wilkam 10he received one thonsand none Landred and
Of whiih Joh F Jolie recived one thoacand ane bupdred and
het vel, Eee ue 149
Of whe Join Yr Bn reo eb ole the usin seven Lanaded and
AL LR Fe ws “es 1
Of whoo Whiston ba Borecoved ofc thousand seven bund
retard er ney wx MES
MM wick Vora eda banded and nei three PPR 1
Of whobh Xo hoe veaved six handed ana minets three. bin
Cf which thee wele efor ve olution. sen ins sn 1
Qid of which thore were Neatter seventy iF. crseves “4
LIL
SIXTH FLP TION BIST  T
boro votes ine «the ofiors of hispectors ot op wool the
Fach Fhe oo Batre cf ee Noth Ward was fourteen theasand
Of whieh Davi Wendel nooeived twa thong booivht hondred
Of whieh Henrs 0 Level rece vod two thon an! vi ot Landied and
saty nine pp 2.04
Of shiek William KE. Notle peeved one thotsand vine hucdred
Of which Lew.s b. Hacker received one thonsand vive honed and
of which With J Van Arsl reenter] ome thousand sees
hioiret a LANEY 1 ine -s 1.2:
Of winch Bole tM Grant ree ved ore thonsaby seven t inde!
Of abieh Abert GB. Bogart ees vod ox handed and miner thee, HY
Of whieh WI in N See reco] Rx bulisired ahd Biueid ree. 0d
OF which there were Def tive #000 Cree i
ALi A wiv wele Neatiennag saver!) our. cain, “4
RPURRTIE RISOTION DsTHICE, gee
That ot fears 0% ce tmate abd ear cass, that he LIPASE TTR
Of wich A an Wo Puls pee ved two thousand bt hundred
ard setertooax TPT I 2B
Of w cu Lav: hi peeved oie thousand nine hubdred and
«lly ead os nssrrcarsnse: TOS
Of whe Seder MG doron veeeved one thensand nine bun
OF wiih Mos Han ton rece ved ore thonsand elt hundred... 1000
Of ah Honiv Ho Kus teceined ole thousand seven hundred and
ap A MH Ep teecived oy tad and nt elt three BHO
Of wh eh With mH Inbar vod mx Lundred aud nonety three, G43
Aud of Whith theiv wee call Lng roveLts RIE scvecanisesncnnnns “4
FLT PIPCTION TOISTRYT
Of which F wart Taslor roovived two the nde ght hundred and
vert ot pA 2 -e
(Of A 1 £3 ofan thousand oth hanoret and
Of whieh Aheaham Soper peering ve tensa nene bonded end
eiphte Llib, exwriesive TIRE
Of whch Yoves Ho Toanwnd jn, peeved ome thousand none
Of whieh Edward M ALaoe recon od one thomsen seven hundred
aul pet en caus PTI PPR Wl
OF which Jowett Horr reevived one thonsand seven hur dred and
Bitets sete a PPT ive rune J 0%
OF abieh M ron Y Euan rece tod six bandred and ones three, 644
Of whah te! on M o yeerited 8x hundred and Lonely three, 609
Of which th re we we Intec ive eg hive. Tr w.e H
iad of whol here arfe Neallenia seveLi; OLE cov sannn venice “4
img
NINTH REE TION DISPRIOT
hat tar vars of snch estitpale ated Canvass thst the fe run
ber of votes, sen or toe officer of Tospectors oi Livciion of ine
Ninth Election 1rstret of tie N uth Ward was fourteen Laooraid
Site Bundrod and sventy eight canine niin conn 14908
Of whieh Join J Cantwell received two thousand «204 hundred
Of whoeh Tobe Wo Caco raeee nd too thonsand eit butidred ad
Of whieh James Mciae sr secon tac ousane oie hundred
aid pix -lirer. ches ene Cre assuseaEns tess earns asane hil3
Of whieh Josep 1. Sandel, ree sel one thousand nin bunured
Of whieh berrand Kegon rece ved one thousand seven undid aud
Of w'ich Wooam Lut rece ved one thousati seve bundre! and
OF whieh Job S Mebaan recessed pix hundred and ninety tree. bd
Of wich Bheias WoW ey jeonivctl mia hundred and Lnety tae, 643
Of whol ther von bint vee ghiee 14
Ul ow hale weir Wer ng seventy IOUT. cannes 4
IER
TINTH RIECTION DIATKICT
That ot apretrs 0 such estimate snd canvass that the whole nom.
Le: ATE: wr te others of fuspectors of Bhan of
the fenth booe cobnstoetof the Noth Ward! aa fourier, thon
Palit LiUe BULA BIN MEI JOUR co erreiaeieee cee MAE
Of whieh Mann ng Fo Lawson received three thousan! six Lundred
MEL LR eee 3.048
Of whieh Fdwa A. Nochols peeoved two thousand ¢zbt hundred
PIU C0 SRCETAN corona TR
Of which Nichooar Pertaan in received tac thonssnd snd one 2001
Of wich bina MT a, hagon erved one thouraied bone hundred
a
hot
dain
uve vee 1.997
ait Wine (GX
min 8



ow
i


ol
2 93
five
abd
3
seen TEER oJ

7
18.071
vores
“1
reer pat tE as EEE cae ste ases oe TINY
aod (NEIL WLC ae wencannnnns ZL

3
2790 vue t: SCY

gh


Tessa
suing aut Hi

N]
z
1.59
J
<1 ve
Li
f
ie
bi
4 ow
cpt buried LL ER EERE ERE RS CATR

0
hina
od

«0
v ug soved 1 PPP
on
i
boii <a HoH
eve Am v
M
seven bundred aud nuts fou HER
iY


Pod GB EDs 1:
p 4 1
And YS YP TITTY PP rh 7
i” po.
vis

ot

I4%


Nene LI WW
5 4 I
Of I wt Yeicht
vy ac


.s
out
J i
so
h sen rin
RAINE EN snirtersvrsrstitassnnise iviseireerinsrie
I [RX]
In
JRL vi y i

=9
Sy
71 I)
fis
be Nice
bo. BE’ tN 1



a

Se

y 1
TSS
rn
G0
4
+H
Hy
TWENTY -VINGT BIROTION DISTT
That it appears ob such extimate aud canvass, that the wi ole num.
of votes ven for the ofr of buspectors of Foe ul the
wey -trat bection Distnet of the Noth Ward wus fourteen
thousabo #IRUL hundred and TW. can ee eae 12

Of wel Robert Peterson received two thousand nt handred and
IRIAN OL. carn iia nea arrive 1 88
PPE CEETERPRPTEPEPRRPRS Art Of wich John Koss received two thous eight hundred and
prin Rs Sas SO Pes inse irns iss rere ren 5TH
EERE TEE cineriennrnaniine noes 4877 Of which Willis B. Love recone one thousand nine Lundred and
eighty ve lms
Of wh ch He vege H. Ely received ‘one thousand nine hundred and
TR IPP Pprpppp LL 10s
bt RU)
and it, POPPI eS ho of i oh Se. r Dounellay receive vue thousar d seven hanared aod
HIER PEE occ obs hnhsstasssssnssinssinensssistssnttessssns 157
VLR 1 PIMP PP 1797 Of which Jobu Kolaud rece: vied one thousand seven bundred ibd
HANCRV EVER oes viorsssannsnrasesssesvsesansoryes
co ITT Of whieh Francs B Thurber rene ced six hundred And ninety three Vv
Of which Bejan Buackiedg reerived mix bundred and pinety
RBC. c. cocrcncnbrsnrnes thas ssar risen cree reireereieens is 0)
Of whoo! there were Bete rhiren PT YN “e 13
Aud of whies there wee Seal ning SseveLiY our. cee Shievens 1)
m we
THUNTY ARCOND ELRCTION DISTRICT
That it apiears on such estimate and canvass that the whole nome
ber of voten given tor the offices of Inspectors of Kleetion of the
Twenty second Eleetion Instned of the Ninth Ward was Tso
thournno cplit hundred and Lity seven. ‘eve ress resives 0]
Of whit George Lo Condit received tao Wiousand eight undid
sll ov gL One PP y
Of whch George W. Freed received two thousand eight hundred
aid MEVEBRA INE nae L220
Of which Jobo W. Morgan received two thousand sis hundred and
BEVERLY CIRM Loin a eau ieaaiiieaas (rt!
TE Oa Of wel Withaw HL C iste received one thousand “pine hand red
Of «i Ane rew Holley received one thousand seven hundred and abd eighty BYE... ii ee irae 1,905
BREEN. «ov ec xr ns nr sreresrircans 7 Of wineh David M. Ear! received one thousand eight haudred and
Libel) vel Yr Of winch Wan, F. Sehneder received oue thousand sven buudred
[0 I oy
eighty Bye Of which Thomas
CTHIRTEPENTN PFIRCYION DITTUNT
J
AT A IN LT ys HNN Pre a
That it appears on foch ertimate and canvass, that the whole nom
ber of votes given for the offices of Inspectors of lection of te
Th.riecuth Election District of the Fi Ward was [of rleen
(housand sven hondred and Bivety-one.... o.oo BERG

Of which James Vandy received two thousand eight hnnlred and
BVO ROY tv ss cust et trrrhutn tess tnsenvestntrssntessrsesstes 20
Of which Joho V, Laff received two thousann Ki Luncred and
seventy seven oo... C2807
Of which John NH. Turuer received ome ousaod ine hundred and
TE Or IR «1,985
Of which Henry Kirstein received one thousand nine hundred and
EHV BYR. cvs ties iiecsicsirironss SE AER ARAL Fe STA 1,965
Of which Joshua W, ruby received one thousand seven hamdred
and vinetv.seven............... Critsretinn stein vitn ea wee JN
Of which Franew Moll received une thousand we seven hundred and
LLL TARE I,
Of which George Rogers rece ive
Mah ehd Wardill Wood receive
hugdred and ninety three oo.
i mix hundred and eighty-eight,. 668
8
Of which there were Defeetive eighteen. ...oouvue oo. NTT 1
Aud of which there were Seat ring mventy four ..ooocorreieneees 14
14.791
FOUKTRENTH BILRCTION DISTRICT,
Tht it appears on such estimate snd canvass, thet the whole nur.
ber of votes mrven for the offices of Joppreivry of Kleetion of the
Fouiteeuth Election District of the Nivth Ward wer fourteen
thousand eight bundred...coviviiiannenn. SERS IET
Of which Clarence A. Burtis received two thousand eight Landred
3 BT TT 1 ces sensence S880
Of whic Onear Requa rece ‘ived two Shousand exit’ bundred aud
seventy-eight........... dembbadbnanan EET Te LL
Of whieh David Marsh received one thoosand pie hundred and
cightv-tive RINDI ET eee: 1,088
Of which Joseph K. Sherwood received one thousand nue hundred
and eighty ve. iu iiiiiiiiiiens Crecaiate TRIER IEE RERRETILY
Of which Lorenzo D. Cummings received coe thousand seven boud
red aud DIneLy Bevel. ...oivi oii BL LLL AA AAe 1797
Of whieh Schast an Ber Mer receir od one thousand seven bundred
0A TINE METER, iia ameen Certara aera a9
Cf which Henry Kloppenbuigh received mix Luodred and nauety
three trevessarne tis sens
Of which Richard Lamb received “Ludred nd u TE Abree..... 693
Of abinel there were Defectine wighteen. ooo cone ninnnnnes e MB
Aud of which there were Scattering seventy AE e sens srrerersrsin aH
14,000
PIFTRENTH RLECTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on such estimate aud canvass, that the whole num
ber of votes piven for she offices of Tuspectors of Election of the
Fifteenth Kleetion Inistnet of the Ninth Ward was fifteen thous
Sul BHU CLEVEDL vere rrsreriasrsriosssrsrsareariaeiins LAs0n
Of whieh William R. Ferris received two thousand vine bundred and
CIEL) BEV. a vunrarurnnniniiins tes ct rae area ree A
Of which Junien Micha 1, jr., received wo thousand nine hundred
PE a] LL A Ld TE LE IRAE Aa 4!
Of which Jolin Maron received one thousand wine hundred and
LL Lr LL Rr OAs Th hid wes JOB
Of whieh Charles Miller received ‘one thousau pitie bundred and
eights five 1985
Of which L
26 AG TIREEY" FETED ca vse ren senses ees reeses 1,797
Of which Jolin A. Goode rece ied vue thousand seven hundred and
1.79%
[TELE SN CA CE IP TTT TLL LL EL
Of which Rotert Paton received mix “hundred and vinety three.  t94
Of which Willan BE. Lawrcnce rece ved six hundred an d rinety
thiee ROG rr “ove PT TTT we 043
OF which tuere were De‘ective e ghia ee Hl
ALS Of Woitw there were Scatienng soveniyfeuro, sreranene 18
len
GXTEHENTH PIECTION DISTINCT,
Flatt BP[CATS OL Sut estimate aud canvass, thai tbe whole pum:
ter of votes oven for the offices of Taspectons of Election o ihe
Sx eenth Biceton District of the Ninth Waid was fourteen thou:
“od
sand eoput hundred and three. oon iia rm
Of whieh Revert Ro Carpenter reconed twoth ousand ¢'g' thar dred
wid eighivone iin TIP ET
Of which 11 ram Burdett rece ved tho thousand NX bi andred and
PR LE a I LE EE RL ER nT weve JHE}
Of whooh Wiliam J Cann EIS TRC RRO th ousan vine hands
died and erghty hve 1.449
Of abiel Frankiin B. Miler rece ved ont  thournid wine Lun dred
AD eighty ive. eee TITTY “hes
Of wh oh Morn Duckworth recvived one thousand seve hur
AO NINETEEN PD eu ten cass aarsarsssasnaias cases catartianns
Of whoot Jotun 1 Kyan Tree ived one thousanu even ul. unured aud
Ln TVR 1.796
Of wireh Heine M. Wiis rece. ved sn hinne red and oouet [MX]
OF wich Givepe dL Davion ee Sed ax undred ag net ibe, (Xe
Of which there were Deicetine ep bi€clo oie RII x
Abd of whi bh there were Seating Seventy four Loi iniiieaas a
14,
SEVENTEENTH FLECTION DISTRICT
Phat of apie nds on scl estonite and Ciuvass, tad Ue whole pune
et of vies given for the offices of Justecte got Foe of Laue
Nevencernth Pleetion Iiatpet of the Ninth Ward was forte
Lhe asalid stv El BULATES BLU DLE TY SVEN cciviren ean 1450
Of which George W, pe treed ise dngar d HN Lundred
and Eh me. frees Erni arr tens venss 2.581
Of whol Acne blose received two thousand ight bute. red amd
[RY ul. ess 2434
OF wich Osear Low, bins rece ved one thousand tine bundied and
eight t sevnneve 3,500
Of which Eiwoed B. Mionvay received one thousa: d seven bunded
ph Lae tesvasne 1748
yet Francis B, Tipe recrned ole thousatud seven hundred
(LH
ARG BIETY EVER. co ssrrnrcarnsns iT wis J, 000
Of wt J Al wopecoioed one thousand seven Lumdted and
niReliety p Cerise rtresnns Bell
Ow I rll ree sv! Poets three to
Of whol br ver eda dl vooa hte thee, (I)
OF Ww here We Mise ve gtiven cons I
aed at whieh thee were Satiel it
CUHIMTEENTI PIPCTION DISTKI(T.,
Thi! ApTears of sich extttate and canvass hot the whol num.
wr 0! voles Kies Tor the omees ot luspretors of Bie hon of the
Foobieenti Bacon Dustr tof the Nuh Waid we fourjeen
(houratid seven hundred and pets four nine ce 4
Of whieh Frank Meter rece ved awo thousand eebt Londred and
a 11 1] LL TT re reansterannt
Of wih Ficas HE Brann po recosed two thousand eight unde
Of wi Wo twrt Mo Collars rece ves one thousand we hundred
ahi ebb tie. TT J,
OF abeh Wiliam Warren received ane Stousand ne Landed wud
ero hi hve Gra RA EBERT REAR ARE case maasananaan rv eienen)
Of when Benn He Met lan ree ved one thousand seven bunds
Of wine Fhotas tn be Mott rece ved one tocusabd seven hundred
OF wh ooh Hoy dab M Sith peeved sin banded and ninety three,
Of wineh Jacob so Brown reestved six hundred and ninety the...
h wh tit we o Infect or wirtiten .e EEE EEE)
ALG Of Which there were Seatiennug seventy four. corinne
NN NWT NTH FI POTYON Is T RH (TF
That vt atgenrs of soch etipate abd canvass, that tir whole num
or Cotes oven tor the othices of Tuspectons of bec ion of tie
Nieernit Reetron Dintrier of the Nota Ward was foarteer
tiousanG sven hundied abd net) «0 ght cin MW
Gf wrer William C. Carpenter rece ved two thousand eight Luna
red AUG FIEDIV-BDE, co ireineinnrsrsnanicrninnseissncressnnnen MH
Gf wet John T. MeReever received two thousand e ght hundred
PE TR LTE TTR LL TE AAA A 20
Of when Altred Ho Lorton received one thousan! nine hundred and
HERAN BYE eva sues rnsesnsuronaaeaanbssas orinreharen tansy 19
Of whieh James Jackson recened one thousand nine hundred and
Of whieh Willimin Quinlan received one thousand seven hundred
Of whieh John Sheridan received one thousand seven bomdred snd
Of which Sommel Hall gece ed six hundred sod gooey -three oo,
Ot whieh Abraham Jd. Folior receive ox butane MENTE I
Of wher there were befod v eipliteet
Ald of Whoo (pee wer Mattern, seveit iow... p
RAT NTH FIR TION DISTT,
i
ALI ATE Of eb ostionte acd canviss tha! the WLole ume
be of votes given tor ite oloen of Bempectois
weit eh techon bisroet of the Nant Wood war teartoen
The ration seven hufrca ard peventy Lone... RPI wt
Of «1 Jniges finkien even twee thous cob paved and
TA erie PPP Serves neat ceeves S00
Of whet Wali it “IL. Housner re ce, rived two thous Leight bundied
ald sere ty £20 were 3%
OF which Chares b Hose eco se Lone "thonsanid we bund d and
TAtRAL “ro aresEErETES avcsrrieecaee J 08
1 winch Arter Haws receed one thousand mie hurd ad
oo LL [1 LP a RL
Of wien hawarat auvet Toes sel one thiousat seven Lundied and
nineiy $1 Ho 1,54
Of which Cournd Kling baw receipe ont thonsan I sevey a J
and seventyeseven oo PT
Of wineh bavid M. bar received six x hundred and J Wines Ahree.
Of whic Dav Jo Marr ner ive ved Sia bubied ant WiLet lire.
Of whieh there were Detective eyhioen
Abd ol WINCH the raw ere Dealleling stveliy- four. EET
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 25, 187L.—-TRIPLE SHEET.
CG Laster os tant pr pecoved fre bined ang thrt three,

8.3
nr 488 848 a TT Pll 4 YW BY TEN yy
forty two. MEP RRR FL
Of which Robert hundred and
Flannigan received one thonsand sis
w TL error
Walker received one thousand
fifty four o.oo. 1,154
Of whieh Michael Englert received vue (Lousand ue ho
asd
ITD LLL Cereeeae iin, “ares 1.110
Of whieh Nash Lane received bee Lundood und th ety thee... 5)
Of which Christian Ohm received tive Londred apd steer... vue S18
And of which there Wore Boatler ug seventy, ups viuvurisneennees 30
6,730
THIND FIPCTION preThIeT,
That it appears on auch extimnte and canvas ‘hat the whole num
ber of votes given for the offices of Luspectory of Elerion of tie
Thind Election District of the Tenth Ward was six thousa.d
seven Lundred ALG AWN BeTeh uuu, yyuirisisisseninneiinn. 65,127
OL when Jacob Messer received one thousand seven hundred and
Nese
RT
ALL J TTT PE Sa SP EER oN
Of which Char es 8. Srong received one thousand six bandred and
ORV WO, saszsrsassinnns $38tcerrsarsserasnasananpstaessn sorters 3082
Of which John Kurst received one thonsand one hundred and Gfte
one Lt adddinad ail Trap SERRE sesassssses Yo 151
Of which John B. Parke received one thousand one hundred and ten.
1.110
Of which Jon L. Weinheimer received five hundred and thirty
three. coo ivee viii, ITI TTT TIT SShekanss YI IIL) mn
Of whieh Ama: a Higging received five hundred and si steen. SM
Aud of which there were Beatter ug seveuty.oviunnerireeinnnsiines 1)
6327
FOURTH FLRCTION DISTRICT,
That (tA) PEATE on pach estimate und cansess, tat the who'e num:
her of votes @iven for the offices of Inspectors of Election of
the Fourth Eiection District of the Tenth Ward
seven bundred and tweuty-un R00 it mand
6.720
LE
Of which 8amuel Cool received one thonsand seven hundred and Gye 1,500
Of which Samuel Bingham received one thousand six bundred and
forty-two. ny TSI IIT sescsesnviseeere S083
Of which Willima J. Frits received one thousand one hundred and
BIH ce vvrtccsrenineaneren Bihisstevsrsnrssrnsasssaseisssny J103
Of which Wiliam C. Gover received one thousand one Lundred
SL etsensnriry wr erriseneirene Ln
Of whieh John Walsh received five hundred and thirty three 50
Of which William Wetternn reconved ve hundred aud sixteen... oo
Aud of which there were Scattering Sev ely. urreseneisnnn.nenss 30
toed
PIFTI RLECTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on such estimate aud esnvase, that the whole nnw
her of votes yiven for the offices of Inspectors of hleciion of
the Fifth Election Instrict of the Tenth Ward was six thousand
sevel Loudred aud twenty four cuuuiviiiiiinns sonnnnnnnnienns. 6.724
of whieh August Hoffman received one thonsan® seven Lundred and
WC sores TTI Ir rary A rl]
Of which George Sherman received one thousand six bandred and
eighty-mght sereocess J 008
Of which John F. Gerdes received one thoussnd one hundred and
enya... eT TIT 1.150
Of which Alvin Michaels received oue thousand one houdred and tye 1,105
Of which Frederick Goek received five bundred aud sixteen........ olo
Of which Joseph Bagot received four houdred aud seventy 40
Aud of WEICL TUOIE WET SCALETILE BEVEIY 4 vevarernnnnsss, 0
SIXTH PIRCTION DISTRICT
Tiatit appears on gneh ea'imate snd exnvass, that the whole nam
per of votes goven for the offices of luspeetors of Election of the
Sixth Bieetion District of she Tenth Ward was s15 thousand nt
6,28
Dubdred Aud OlCssseriicivcssssPecsanse sone cenisnnass 6.001
Of which William Kellock received two thousand two hundred at
fliv-eipht...... TTT Sisseses Steep rstner toes seenee 2258
Of whieh Abram Lewis received one thousand ma flundred and forty
oo 1,042
(fiv-one..... Ceernenetery tersrarnias TTI TTI IIT 1,151
Of whieh George o. Patterson received one thousand one
ER TT TY TO) SEREnterieterine vissse: 3300
nnn
OF we "Brann received one thousand al
bundred
Of which Lows i cniial received Bye hundred sud sevent.,..,, O00
Aud of which theo were Soattenng seventy...
Wiiervitent 7
SOYRNTR RIRCTION DISTRICT,
Phat it appevs en soch ontimate snd caus. ss that the «ole nme
ter of votes given or toe oth een of Listectom of Election of oe
Seventh Election instiel of the Tent Ward was rin thousand
SIX BOREIC AUG CIRI Yes irsvissiriessicrssreerssssnesssasiees oo FEND
RE
Of whieh Frank Lene reccived one thonsand seven handred and
hve REA Las
Of whack Henry Madde ard one thous
PLP TAP
mx Bonded aud
forty two. a.ccnvininarinnnas Shetisebeastrenes TTT Lo LER
Of which Edward Anderson received one thousand one handreo and
Lill. "sce cnsnnns “as 1.1
Of which Alfred J. M
terns a
received one thousand one dred
five ..o... casnraness LI
Of which Willian W. Finkler received five pundred and
th
thEC®. ovine annnnnnns on
Of whoo Ber wun FF ih
Aud ol Which There were Nestle fig seve eae coviniinnnns wm
PS pap we
received Boe hupdoed wid isteen ee
[ET
FF OHTH PILROTION DISTHIeT
That tap eAre of snc est ste und eartass that the whale pom.
far of wotes pone for the offees of Tnejpectors of Eiwet on of the
byl Vector bistrei of the Tenth was dE thousand 5 8
Buticivd and eabty oven nae, seseereires esse E080
Of whieh Joseph MeCabe receised ane thousad seven handred a0
nye... 1508
Of whi
pp A
Ww: ian Ww. Nun “tece ved one tious nd "wx huni el and
fori: tae. crevans ‘e ereane 142
Of wiih Henry Haroggton reconed one thousand one Luin! an
TBI: cos sovsacsvsantresssiersssssrrsensses irees cieveness J 30
Of wivl Davis Rue recon ve thousand ote honored and five, Ji
Or whieh Within KL Geel recoved five hanored and oer three, 100
Of w'oeh George Dons isan rece sed tive bundoed aud sicteen.. hit
And of Which (here Werte SCAllening seventy... ‘es “eve wo
ON
ue
NINTH RIPOTION DISTRICT
TEAL I appeals of $0ch oe SUMAte aliv «abbas Toot The nto rum
LT SRLS
bet of votes govet for the off ees of Juspectom of 1 oecton of tre
Ninth boection Distoet of the Tenth Ware was six fthonsan! sn
Buadred and peveDIY rE ooo rari gee
Of whieh Charles W. Verry reecived one thoneand coven
And Lae, “rere restaned 1,505
Of which baowari Gri vo reece ved one thous! px Lund
furty Iwo... sever J 042
Of wih bi w hundred
id weven rans rereees .er 11%
Of winch Fraok Seppihour teeniwed one thousand cre buuded acd
Of wi cust Wo Fook received Sse hundred and th ty thee, O00
Or whieh Kooeit Rodds rece ved five bondre! hot
Abo of Whooh there were Neplle iy sevelly Cesrettne srbsss ans Wh

TENTH FIVCTION BISiNIeT
That ot cppears on such ext mate ant Carvss the who's wn
per of vores piven tor toe cfieer of Inspectors of FL
Pert, Luenon bustricet of the Tenth Ward was x thousand ax
Lundred and seventies cerreerreies Seeinuese serene HGH
Otwnob Joba Mo berald recosed one thoes oud seven tuacred aud
Of whol George F duped and
FOTIA WHle san ssn nusresrssussressssssassnectess sasants 1.042
Lopdred

aud
PRR
Felistern receannd one thotsakd
ceri
three, TT
sini
e
ned
five ET TTT TUT oa sy RAT
«ee
Of which John G. Otte receive! one thousand unt Lantred ant six. 1,106
Of which James B. Murray received one thonsaod cue hundred and 13
four 1,104
‘bler
Mt whieh LY
GE Lowe Hottman received five hundred avd sixteen 516
And of which tuere were Neattering seventy... “er 0

eves
trot
PLEVENTI EIV(TION DY
That 1 APE ATs Of Kier ext mate and crass tt te whole gy
Leer of votes oven for the offices at Bosecon oc Fleet oo of 10
Fleventh hivet on bistot of the Tenth Wood was vx the er
Mid Lunde Guin sevens sever. theses ssnanns
$037
Of abel John KE. Marre reevived one thonsond seven bonded a
fee cris
1.505
A
Of which Michael Neville reserved ove thousand six handed a
fort Iwo .e ‘e vos
1.042
Of which Cartehios Gillen reese ved one toonsand one buncred ard
hil A) t “on EEE EEE EY BY YI
Of whieh Dar wl Kuntz received one thoosand one hundred and
Of whoo Troms t Fhorttan recover need atid vittee,,
ave i
Ave of whooh there wore Jeattenty seventy
Nl
TWELFTH FI POTION DIS KICT
FLat if ap pears on soe estipate and convaes, that the wl Teron
tar of votes given tor the offices of Tue) eotors oO va
Fae dt bocion bostoet of the Teh Wa Was sx Loris
sa Lundred and egbtio
Of viol Matthew Davie peeved one thonsand seven hundred and
“reuse
ve. en. renee 3,700
Of whoo Jol
Meegan received one thousard rx Luired and
forty two... PTTIT tins essere 1£42
Of which Edward J. Kught received ous thousand one handred and 1
rretkvar RETR aS sersnesnrs ‘es 9
OF whieh Wiilam Kaab revesed one thousand, oze chondred and
eres 4
Of whieh Hers C Atwood received Bye bundred and thirty four... 54
Of wich Merry Bogart recenved five hundred and pixteer 516
Ad of which these were Satienug seventy 0]
tt 0
ELEVENTH WARD.
VIrsT FLEATION DISTRICT.
y 1 PE at the whole num
That i Pat or sich estimate and canvass, that H h
her bry given for the offices of Inspectors of Fivetion in the
First Election Distoet of the Eleventh Ward was ten thousand
sven hapdred and fifts-four ney
Of whiet Jouu Ho Donohue rece “dh
J AN 1} FREER sens LILI 3
OF heh Jens Lowe received three thousand three hundred and
forty $x... .ocoee ces Ceaee eeeaneens hn rege aes 2346
Of sireh Coarles Clark received one thomsand four hurdred and is
Wes
to crerreevess
eve
weve ntorn
VIirsT FLEATION DISTRICT
That appear. on such extimate au canvass, that the whole num
ber of votes given for the offices of Inspectors of Election an the
First Election Distoet of the Eleventh Ward was ten thousand
sven hondred and fifty-four “eres A SURNRL
Of which Jou 1. Donohue received three thousand tree hundred
Of which Jobn Lowe received three thousand three hundred and
forty six inet “e chet saeertee cries vee 3318
Of sireh Coarles Clark received one thomsand four hurdred and
weventonn 3 141%
Of which Andrew Clary received one thousand four bhundred and
sevepleen Lo rr 411
Ard of which ‘Thomas Has received one thousand two burdred
abd twenty Cah covea iii trees eee. 1.228
10254
SECOND FLRCTION DIRT,
That it appears on such estimate KG Canvass, that the whole nam.
ber of votes given for the offices of Tuspectors of Election of the
secomd Blection District of the Eleventh Wand wan ten thousand
seven hundred sud BI JOUR ooooiii ii 10,754
(1 which Charles Runge received three thousand three hondred and
forty »i3 coe secnsneees 38
Of whieh Charles GF Moser received three thousand three hundred
aud borty my PTY TI I IT EEE EES eesee SUB
Of which James J. Maguire received one thousand four hundred and
seventeen A EERE ICEREREEREE 141%
Of whieh Thomas KE. sherwood received one thousand four banded
Bird SEVENTEEN. ooenneraannaoos const cevtssnrsreenreeness J 0IT
And of which Willis J. Barrett rece ved one thousand two Lond
10754
THIRD RLECTION DIFTRICT,
That it appears on such eotiate and canvass that the whole nom
Ler of votes given for the offices of Inspectors of Election of the
Third Election Distnet of the Eleventh Ward was teu thousand
a ven hundred snd BAYLOR. «ovvreenvensnininiiiiinniins oo 10.7%4
Of which Thomas Olds received three thousand three hundred and
Of whieh Thomas Lynch received three thousand three havdred aud
Of which Edward Jenpings received oue thounasd four hundred and
NEVER 977240: tess vest eseses iter asisitrastvastaioaioatoscts 1,417
Of which Thomas MeShave received ove thousand four bundred ard
And of whieh Villu EB. Corgi!) received one thonsand two hundred
10,354
FOURTH RLECTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on sch estimate aud canvass hy the whole num.
ber of votes given for the offices of Inspectors M Election of the
Foarth Klecuun Listriet of the Kleveuth Ward wes ten thousand
seven bubdred and BRYH0GT..ovoerrrsensrninni. 10,74
Of which Martin Mc(iratd received three thousand three bandred
AUT SOTA BIE gs yur sotriots tear hddestbsduaasierosssvascssorens 9,946
Of which Andrew Emith received three thousand three Lundred and
Of which Matthew W. Berryman. or, received one thousand four
BUDAPES ADA BOVERIOER coouncocrrsrrtuarstari te its 1,417
Of whieh David May received ove thoussvd four huvdred and seven
And of which Peter Rafferty received one thousaud two hundred and
10,754
PIPTH ELECTION DISTRICT.
‘I'bat it appears ou such estin.ale sud canvass that the whole nam
ber of votes given for the oftcen of Inspectors of Fiection of the
Rind Kieetion Distnct of tbe Klevesty Ward was ten thogsand
seven hundred aud My [OTP PPP PPP PPPPPPPPPRPPRNY
Of whieh Isanc He: mas received three thousand three hundred sud
of “hich Thombs J. Doran received three thoasand three Lundred
SRO SOUOT ME voces eressppsonsisassnesshfutiReossviiyenrssaesss 3,346
Of which Jacob Hess reseived one thousand four buodred and seven-
Of which Job Hart received ape thousand four bandred and seven:
[7 RRR caren pessast ITI vases JAS
And of which Bamual Kies received one thousand two bundred and
SIRIUS. «coe rarresrssnrsasasnssrreninsnettesitsatsnees 1128
10,754
NETH SLBOTION DINTAICY.
Thet i appears on such astamate and canvas, (hat (be whole nam
bes of votes given for tho ofiess of Inspectors of Kiection of tbe
OF whet, Willian Buzns EC ved oie thuuratil 3 en Wired atid IRIE AW eter cniirersrsenstrsrsiissrasensd sahstnsninnnis bed
Mf whieh FE. A KR priand varie Sis bund fred R00 Bite hive... bY ELE Ta TEP PPR PEP 1,767
fwiich tien o Detect ve vighteen Of winel J. W, Corsa received six hundred and inet hres. [1X]
Aud of wi oh flere were Soatterny seventy four. 4 Of which there were Defective wightecn 1)
_— And of which these were Beatlening seveuty: Asse tare seri 2
LLY) ig
FLEVRNTH ELECTION DISTRICT. 14,807
That ta; re sue, estimate and ennvars that the whole nun- TWENTY-THIKD ELECTION DISTRICT.
ber of vores own for the othees of Tuspectors of Election of the Tati t appears on sue estimate and canvass, that the whole num
Fleweity re “IA strat of Le Ninth Ward wae jo von thon ber of votes given for the offices of Inspectors of Election of the
std eight bu, and four... inane Leng Twenty turd Erection Distnet of the Ninth Ward was lourteen
thous four bundred and Bye... Ir sseevee JOU
Of whieh W, ving Finards received two ttousand ght hundred 5
ad eghty ou. as 11 Of which Sglem T. Russell received five tassend four hundred snd
Of whieh Hb K mhal) rece se bl to thousand “ht undred aud thirteen I I rT Tr Th S413
RBIS e «vv «0 sc cv co vs natnann ct sissvntes sinus Of which va received two thousane eight hundred sud
Of which Tieodore Fox rece) eived vue thousand ‘Line hundred wd séventy-nine 2,879
Of wiveb Sawer l 8, Valier 1 rece ved ol thourand wie bundred aud and eight PD ITT TV DT TOPITT 2,48)
I RRR I 1,485 Of which le M Giles received ope thousand seven hundred
Of which Ale sander Dowd receised one thousand even hundred and nd DIUELY BEYOND oie ves
sii he rr rp Of whieh A iy Dusenberry received one thousand seven buvdred
Of wineh John J Mara Ieee ved vue thousand seven hundred sud QUA BIER BEVED. cue rari sresiecinasnrnnsanenes 1,07
AA DE 1771 Of which there were Defective eighteen ver 18
ol whieh Fliers Ie nuison rece ved wiz hundred and ninety three... bys And of which there were Seatlerivg twenty.....c..ooooviiiieinnes 30
i wiih Willimi b. Nebieder received 0.2 burdred and wine) pry
A ear a i Lr TT ran Ceraseveitriens (3%
Of whieh tere were  Iedecti Ye v “igttees, Ma ih TENTH WARD. v
Ard of wich their were dation ug seventy four o.oo FIRST ELECTION DISTRICT.
That it appears ou such estimate and canvaen that tbe whole pom
IT 14,804 ver of votes given for the offices of Inspectors of Election of toe
HOELECTION DISTRICT. First Election District of the Teuth Ward wus six thousand
That Po. RELL ‘Stine and canvans that the v hole num. seven hundred apd twenty-egbt. oon SrsEdernese 6.528
yo i. given ivf the Ufbeee of luspeciors of hirction 01 the sp Ac
Fweiiih Bae tion Drain of the Ninth Ward was fourteen thou: Of which Frederick Cappeloe rece one seven Dundred
Bab) bevel busored sud BI -ebl, iis seeenee le 14708 ang Bve FT TTT I cereeree JIB
ca {Of W ich Owen Malouey received ove thoussd seven bundred and
Of which Alot Hew coon reeved we thousand ut hundred Bveeccciininiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiinns tresses. 1308
and og guy C2880 of whieh Edward Nicholls received one  {bousand ‘one bundred
Of which Alex: uuer Hh y Alo ou senses. 1,104
AW pvt ull omy y im Of go Cliathos Gausman received ove thousand vue hundred ‘and
or whoo bo Luther Ji 5 Lo Afty fou
thirty sven 26m of which Davia ‘Miller recei
QO ow ab So MN Of which Henry Bliner Melted Jom buudred avd sev.
digit 965 Apd of which there were Beattering seventy.
Ul wih mast Risin A in be
CURES APN 0 2 0 5» x5 «45 ex 0045 ERAGE SER tans en undred and 2d
OF which lation Boch receitel one thousand seven dr aud SECOND BLECTION DISTRICT,
ut seven 1,297 That it appears ob suck estimate and canvass, that the whole num
ol with Heury C. Doser ecnived nis busdied. and uinety ree. 43 ber of votes gives for the offices of hapseiary ul Eiection of the
uf uh Were were Doloctive eighteen. Sat WE Kecond B o Distriet of the Tenth Ward was sx thousand
Aud of wlodds there wore Bektienve seventy four... 4 seven handred and thirty. satis astbst siinin seprsanvessy 81M
Of which Joba Btrend received one (hossand seven hundred sadive, 1,8
x
red apd twenty exh ‘es
1:0
twenty epblo. eons gid
"eh
rrrorrerr TRI LEAS S44 CE PE

of win bra Rotunson received oue thousand four Lumdred aod ed aod thirs a.
BETEDWON «oc ccvrss rrratasssiiinrts 1417 I chard ian hontai os astagsdia 1,739 Of which Lawrence E. Hill received two thousand two buudred and
Ai of hich Willa Stevens received one thoussud two hundred of aie rlaud reevived soe seven bu 15% oft bree 2.28%
and twenty-eight ers vo 1A of wi ii Abr 1. Blowers received one thoussnd sure cDonald received two thossand a
That it appears oo 3! h ag any vase that the whole puto. Of which thore were Bike Of wiles 3 Jasob Preffers received ose theasand (bree bundred and
ber of votes foro of tie offices of Tuspretors of Kleetion of tre And of which there were Scattering tory: three. of wh received six bundred and forty ‘nine ‘649
‘Twenty -brat Klection [nstnet of the Pleveuth Ward was vieven Simpson
Ai Aging eu sel goo rh Pee arbi TOY Of Thich James I: Camptoi mo 11 received siz bandred aad ferty-vine
of wih Jolin Petit received three thocsand bree bundred and That it appears on such estimate awl canvass, (hat the whole num- pied
sevzesvelviriisg 3 ber of votes gives for for the ofices of Luspectors of Klection of the 8,509
of vib. Jobs Nelirodet received three thousand three hundred and ‘I hirwenth etl Yamato) of the Twelfth Wan! was thirteen SEVENTH BLECTION DISTRICT.
on pn Sohn Lee teecisul one thousabd four bunired and reves by That DAL Senin oo such the actors Je hole Ao
BON. csv rusrssrogurtos $02000t tats evastas vt ‘ore Lan Of which Maarice Daley sporty three thousand four bundred and of was ei
Of whiet, shiney Menris reerived one thonsand foar buudred snd TEI Dr 2.12110 LT SAL La yy Ad Trt er 3 Fores 0 Show
iT VEE TRRTIEAIR IN 1,417 Of itd Teaac Rosendale received three thousand four hundred asd ry
of  abiel Alired Booth received oe thousami’ two bundred ‘and Won iri en a sa vruvs veiinaaes 3,488 Of which Jesod rossived two thousand two bundred and
Arent OIE. oe of vba I housed se Jay LS
And of which Jusepd Buith rece ved one thomas nd twa hundred and and fort, pod or virsnsssssasssssnssssssssssasseass 1,743 OF Ay ed MolLaagblin received two thoasagtl two bandred 253
awenty eigbl. oo SHEE sirreiaies coreriiaianiiinas 1,328 Of whieh ames McKenna received vae thousand srsen bar dred dud and elas taose 2,99
TRENYY-AR00ND SLECTION DISTRICT. y RR II aeseianna.., 1,590 OF Alezander Reberteva received one thousand three hapdred ad
That 18 appears on such estimate sud Sayan, that the whele ra Of which EB. Cony eshall received one thousand (Aree hundred and ond 1.98%
bev of votee given for the olces of lusdecion of Kiecuon of \be terrerrarrerrneieearnssannaresatriissrpiestssssrseearess 1.000 Of whieh James Brown received wiv hundred and fort)-ains ory
Sixth Tlestion Distrlet of (he F
seven hundred aod ye Fete hod Wal In fod, 754
Of which Devin Garrson recep
Aud imi MU7H08 Joceived Shree Housand three hundred
Oi whieh Charles LoD. Spaithol Tecei 1 y
Landrod and forty six b 3 1 ceived three thousand three
OILEPN. iain TFT ree
Of which Willan Grabam received one thonssod foor hurdre! and
seventeen... cianierannereieeuznrn Sesh terpLer cevirrens 1417
Aud of which Alexander Hirseh received ue thouss rif two bundnd
and twentrae bt iii, HS us teresnrs Nt ieeteesvese 1228
10,754
SKTENTI PIPOTION Divewice,
That it apperre on such estimate and canvass, that the whole nam
tar of votes crven for the offices of Inspestors of Kleetion of the
Reventh Bloc oon postrct of the Eleventh Ward was ten thousand
peven hundre and Sfty-four...........0. TITRA YT
Of which Alois Lodwig received three thonsand three hundred and
(2 LET PE EEE ONS tater eeassiians
Of which Martin Mager received three thou three hundred and
JOP BiB eunrsesnns.sronsnnsncrensnss don: TTL rrr 3,046
Of which Robert Mackay received one thonsand tour Londied
FN I Ta 113 PE EP 1.417
Of which Jobo Atkinson recorved one thousand four hundred and
seventeen PPI I Ei TIT ITPro ae
And of which Paal Spitzlor received one thousand two haudeed and
LE RITTER TEETER CEEETTPPPPRPPPPI I's 21
10,704
EIGHTH FLECTION DISTRICT.
‘That it aprears on such estimate and eansanr, that the whole
number of votes given for the offices of luspectors of Kiection
of the Eighth kiection bistrict of the Eleventh Ward wan ten
thousand seven hundred aud Bity-four........ PPP TTITI TIT ITI IT LA:
Of which James Donohue reer ved three thousand! three Lundred and
TOTRY AE. co vvvvrronnsnnvirnsrnessse rT ERI 3,346
Of which Moses Weil received three thousand three hundred amd
JOrtY M8. ccsrissssnnsnrsrinnrns TTI IT sesessiseecs HG
Of which Willian Cox received one thousand four bundred and sey
[11 1 J FP PPP TX TT) rv EATERS ASR EE Ys 1417
OF which Jucon Gris received one thousand four Lundred sud sey
CUCU v0 vou $v vr tesursnsssanssstsessts IrTIT Tiron 7
And of which William Eilers reecived one thowand two hundied
mid IWR hb s iain ciiiiiasianns Stes IEEE Y reves 1.223
Of which Robert F. Mackay received one thonsand tour Landied
BUD BCVCIICRD. co oevnrrrissssssstssssssssssstsssrnsnnnnseness JANIS
Of which Jobo Atkinson recorved one thousand four hundred and
BUNUDPUI. cr vvsevsaressssns srrasssaransstssssssssossnnrenseee JAYS
And of which Paal Snitzlr received one thousand two handeed and
[TS TS ETT R ETRE EERIE LETT PPP Is 21
10504
EIGHTH FLECTION DISTRICT.
‘That it aprears on such estimate and eansanr, that the whole
number of votes given for the offices of lospectors of Kiection
of the Eighth kiection bistrict of the Eleventh Ward wan ten
thousand seven hundred aud BF-four ovieiniiriieinniiann. 10704
Of which James Donohne reer ved three thonsan! three Lundred and
Of which Moses Weil received three thousand three hundred amd
Of which William Cox received one thoussud four Lundred and sey
Of which Jaron Grise received one thousand four hundred aud sey
Avid of which William Eilers reecived one thousand two hundied
VI LT TT TT 1 SA TLE REE EEL EE] 1.223
10.754
NINTH RLE(TION DISTRICT.
That it appears on such oo u@ate and canvass, that the whole Lome.
ber of votes given for tue offices of Inspectors of Klection of ihe
Ninth lection District of the Eieveutth Waid was ten thousand
perth hundred 8d LEY fOUT.vrrerrsssssrssccisiinsrssrrsarsenedt ell
Of whieh Henry Mever rece vod three thourand three hundred aud
Te eons S40
Of which Meser Bisan received three thousand three huodred and

Of which Richard Smith receved one thousand four hundred and
WETCOOEY yrs gerrotrs sain divs tosssssssanransasrssesnasroastsnse: J81E
Of whieh Witham Ulisaun toeerved one thoussw four bund: od and
MENEDEON. ie eases 1417
And of which Jawes Putterson, jo. received one thousand two hud.
Jed and In enb Rb ssn isis saree 122
10 304
TENTH RiECTION DISTRICT
That t appears on such estimate and canvass, that the whole nme
ber of votes given tor the ollices of [aspectors of Election of the
Tenth election District of the Eleveuth Ward was ten thousand
seven hundred and BILY (OUR. cvirivisionssncoiinnniiinis sone 10754
"ws
Of which Jacob L. Michaels received three thonsand three hundred
346
O when Bctiard Lo Kalewh received three thousand three hunt
ved ald forty-ed8.. coer inrnniiniisiinns cresvseese 3346
BRASS IRS
y p 141%
Of wheb Jotn MeCausland received one thousane four bunored
Of wineh James Crily recenved one thousand joni bunored wou
14d
COAud of which dosepl Haze dh reecived one thousand two hundred aod
SWEET il s s us vsansrerasaptosssrrasisesssssssspsssrasansssoe Jods
i
PITTENTH PIROTION DLTRIT,


TEAL it appears on such ostmate snd canvess that the whole pune
tei of votes koven foo the atfovs of usp ton ol bection of “Le
Eleventh Blection Disirct of the Esentn Wand was en thon
saiid seved hubdreo aki Pi GF cee carnnnrrcrnsssscrsansssns 034
Of whieh John H. Roberts received three thoosand three bupdred
_
Of which Morac! Moran rece: md tree thousand thee hundred and
forts "is TTT ‘os Pp 1,548

L 30

1.417 4
Of which Jawes IK, Conklin rece ned ore thors and four hundred snd
Of whieh Willian Huber received one thousand four hundred and
14% 1016
Aud of wioeh Samuel Young received one thousand tao hutdoed snd
1074
TRPLPTI FEVOTION DISTRICT
i ig pees RE LLL EE
3 124 ved one th aut seven
ron of the
thirteen thot
3 iny

That it anrears on sues estimate and canvass that the whole wom.
er of votes ven dor the of ers or Losprctora of Loo tioin wl thie

we th Elect on Distret of tue Elevatth Ward was ten thousand
hubiared fUMices rrrriaiianns PPR ie)
Of whoeh Francs Murray reco sed thee thousand three hundren
RP PR or JD
Of win, Poomas Guttons received three thousand three hutdeed
ind forte wn ed exes Sul
nn
ye
srress
Of whieh Jonepti Hern rece ved ou thousand tour hmndred aud
seventeen crreisbe ines Sasnt Es iE rs cared 1 417
wot, T
Of wher Mores Powers peecised one thousud tear buanoared and
Aud ot which Join Gus peeeived one thousand two hu fred and
10,754
THIRTPPNTH PIF TION DISTRICT,
tv t PPP wees 1225
go Bd Loaded
Prat ot appears on such estimate mid Canvass that toe whole non.
boro! setes yg ven for ihe otis ot Tuspeetors of Blection oi ine
Thirteenth Bloetion Instret of the Bieventh Ward was ten tuo
even budteg Lit SPPPP Sesesnsannnnrens A re
dasa Het u
Of witch Dasid G Jeon receice] three thonsand three hundied and
1s it
$68 y
Of s'oob Soames Lowenthal received three thousand three butnird
atid tty Plt seaee veeenss 3,764
Of whieh Atrabain Baker recervmd one thousand tour hnndred FAT

Of wi oh John Cushman received one thousamd tour Lunde faced
$resecredvavstedssinrssnnsy one
1 Ard of whieh Numuel 4 peagnr reoened ole thousand two huaored
ILE 1, Ta Ra Ta) Fr RE EE EE ETRY IY RE EE EE EL] Begs
HEH
PorRYFENTH FIROTION DISTRICT,

1
1
That ot aprears an such estimate and canvass, that te whole nue
Vootterrth Lloetion bostret of the Bieventh Wad was ten
thousatad seven Led and Nf font... rvraec JET E4
I of ihe



Of wh oh Jowopt 0% Moros rovesed hee thonsond three hnndind
ard forty sx Ao Sr Pr TI WEY POR Bi
UD Of whet Cha tea 1 Neviness rece sed thove thousand threes Lane
I
sini} vrs
dred nied fi 4.5
Of whieh Frateis deanned received one thousand tour hundred nnd
[TH A EEE eines cnsnss DAE


Of which George Wo Delaney received one thousapd tour Lurdred
RR SEVROIPEN sr vrenssnsesvesivassnrssvnisnsonsrsrivnenssnrnes HIT
Avd of winch Haunlton Wade received one thousand two hundred
AWB oo oenians Sais ceetevivevens re Tevares
4
FOOTFESN'H FLVCTHON Dis he T


TIA bt arpeare oo such esti te and canvass tiat toe whole pon.

Cor of votes ives tor oe otfices of Tospectors of Rloction of the
Fitteenth bicotton iv tnet of the Baeventh Ward was ten thos
Pal boseven Lure I TR srsevrvesatererananv eens RT
Of wlaeh Solomon Micionis reer vod topoe oasand ture bored
Of wive: Wilao Adams reeved one thoosend four bended ard
Of whet, Vorter Mek reorited ore thonsona for reodomid
stellen 1.41%
Ard ot wich Jolin C0 Var Brant rece cod ore thousand tao bu
dred aud REITER Lule 1.32
I H
“i ¥T STHOFLRO TION BISTROT
"Flat 1% vp enre sic hoe thot and eatvate tha
OL

Of wt ose h ot
fortvp'E.. on
t “ov.
1
|b
Spears ree reread "thre gv
1 EE bs

He
huielred
Leroy votes given dor toe ofers of Lwewtors of lector ot the
Noaweenth Boe ton etrnes of the Beseath Warifwas toot
1.345
sald pveD buniied dud BIL TOUR cania irre a 1, rbd]

Of which Thomas Abbott received hree th usand tree hundred
and forty sx oe POI S10

Of whieh Davad Vlinan received thoes thousand tree hundred sud
oid... ous
i
Of wine bd twodore Bure received one thousud four handred and
lene ‘ee 1:17
Of whoot Dey Fond poco ven ote thonsans tour baad Lseaere
Uther 141%
Ad of wine Henry bangwasser received vue thonsand two Lng:
rend Abd EWEDT Sp il aus auae ns sara a ia aiaas irra aa an
ann
a

UE
SFAENIERNTIE RIOT NS PIhrTRIe
reas 496
Thott Apprary on Sach estinate Au CALY os ant the whole nome
Ler of voies given or the oilfices of luspecto of Election owe
peventoonth Biecoon Dostict of the Bleveuts Wau.u wus ten
thousand seven hundred and [HTT [7 JPOP i 17
seven handred
Of which BR. H. Bishop reevised three thousand three hundred and
SEE Jit
Of whieh Michael Kenney recessed thre thousand three hondred
PE 1,946
Of whieh Wola Cuver-aght received one thousard our hundred
aud severtern ee i ROME 7

Of whieh Muctacl Kavauak secre ved one hours tour Landred and
sever teen Pr T TT EE LLL L417
And of which James Hur ter rece sed one thousatd (we hundred aud
EWEEL) EIgitaess sncsass soassimiaiiiiiinaitatiiettttiianian 1.228

J [Or
PIGHTEVSTH FIRCTION DISTRICT,

That it appears on such estitinte Aud cai ass, tht the whole nome
Let of votes givey for the ollices of Inspectors of Kicetion of the
Fighteentt blecuon lustrnct of the Bleveutts Wanl was ten thou
gard poten bundied and CRY lonr Ln serrsnrassennsnns 10.954
Sy
Of which Sama] 8 token received three thousand three hundred
vot Iie looters Wright received oe thgpsand seven hundred and ooivriiniiiiaisiiiiaias.
tL BB A EE 3
Of whack Withaw McCauu received three thousand three hundred
and forty siz. resstasasssatenhsssrsresttrisinssarsnnsens iif
ot iy Willi L ‘wandford received one thousand three hundred y Of which AI Schering received two thousand two haudred gue
BI SWORN e+. vsesssrssnrsarinsnsastrasnnsy 320 eighty -thi FE RR eT 1223
Of which Isane Kichards, Jr. rece; ved one thonsand three Hundred Of wach Alte Tr G Bearup received ‘tho thousand two ny an
Of which Wi lam Hammond received one thousand four hundred
Al and eighteen... LL. I A NORIO N, 1,318 eighty-three... ..oooieivneeiiinniinns 303
Of whieh Witham Wemmel received one thousand ‘our Lundred
Or whic there were Blank six... 000 ono ee Hn oL hii h Frank Freeland received one thonsand tur hol dred Be
aud eee AIT Aud of which Were were Neatteriog finty- BEVEDL s  rrisarai reece BY I RT Tria, 1.%6
of pe ving ‘Jobn H. Dasenbe rry, ir received one thousand three
And of woich Banos Vo Pilgnio received one thousand two hundred
EWens) ERLE viii Sresreesurirns ees 120 15.165 hundred BT 1 1,38
VIRVENTH RIRCTION DISTRICT. Of which Richard Bergen received wx hundred and forty nine TY
10354
NINETEENTH BLECTION DISTKICT,
1 That it appears on such estimate and exovass, that the shoe nam- Ot which John Shaffer received six hundred sud torts wine 649
ber of votes given for the offices of lugpectons of Kiectos of the Of whieh there was Defective one. ave ann SOARES 1
Eleventh Elect.on District of the Twelfth Wand was thirteen And of which there were Scattenog WOT est rstorsnnsosssnrnessan 2
That it appears on suck esiinate wid canvas that the wiole nome
ber of votes given for the vices of lospectors of bL.ection of the
Niuctevuth Beetion Dietrict of the Eleventh Ward was ten shou
sand seven hundred aud BIG GU ee 0 TI
thousand vie hundred aud SIX) Bveiiier.iirirniirrnnnnnsinaaa 13,163
aia
1 Of which Joseph Moore received three thousand four buudeed and FIFTH ELECTION DISTKIT.
Of which Jobo E. White received three thousaud three hundred and
OT IN BIB. seen ia as sanss sashes base ut ses aaa 3,46
I TT TTT TTT we 3496 t it appears on sach estimate and can
of whieh Fatries Mediinness received three thousand four hundred of Lh given for the offices of 0, Vp hie a
AD DIBOLI-ONF 0 eae aes whan Fifth Eleesion Lrstnct of the Thirteenth W.
OF Riss Simon Seward received ove thousand seven hundred aud fre bundred and ninety une. id seren Ya po 59
Of winch George Foley rece ed three thonsand thive hundred aod
RE RIERY, oo covuvirrsnnssrrzrnsansgirasavpiressnnrnineierrs BOOS Tn sh dos pig Taal ane nC alas tp LR 2 4 J
Of which George dMunith recived one thousand four Lundred and
OF which Baia Dwight received one thousand veven huudred aud Of which Daniel McIntyre received two thousand two bonded
ory MSY ABUL lr sunsvnrovsinvasaninsat, sees coos 3 aud ei Vossen RR
Of which Henry Freeh received one thousand foar Luudred aud
y Of which ugene Hinton received one thousand three hundred aud 15 of ud righ cis 1. B Bradw received o thousand two hundred and id
TORTI III TIT y aghbty-th
Aud of whiek Wilhiam H, Hatherly received oue thousand two hun:
dred ABU BWELLY CIEL irvine eine, 1220
Of which George Bung received one Wousad ‘three bandred Of which Natbauiel V 243
UI BIRO, s+ 5+ 433424 sevens RA 38 and sixty Nathauiel Verliof received ope thoasail have Budd 268
And of which there were SCALLErIng SETEuty-two, revsussrtaneasy Of which Willa Sopery ved obe (hoseand three husdred y
15 103 sixty ds. ne i pele vi (honthod tare Banire and k[
105.4
TWENTIRTH ELECTION DISTRI T,
13,105 of ot rg 204 Seri msassanarastrnnrnnsanininiirnse Bo
TWBLFTH BLKCTION DISTRICT. Of which i ppt kp aise. jd
That it appears on such ertimate and canvass. that the whole tum.
ber of votes given for the offices of luspeetors of Election of the
I'wentieth Fiection Instriet of the Eleventh Ward was te thous:
and seven boudred sud Lfty-four.. ooo LLL I0TH
That it appears on euch estimate and canvass, that the whole num- Of which there was Defective one.......oovvunnnn... r
Aud
ber of votes given for the offices of Inapectors of Election of the of which there were SCALLEFMG tH. ..vv nieras. cn rrserronse
Twelfth Election District of the Twelfth Ward was thirteen thou
040d one hundred aud SIE8) BY€....ouueniieiniiaironrssosenness 13,168 TT
Of which James Lee rece.ved three thousand three hundred and
FOPLY BIB. «cov vnnnas nnnssssssasssssssnisseineininnnnne.. oooe 3,340
—_
of f Shi Joseph HeSenpie received three thonssnd five hundred "ol Tw LAB oh eh euisiam ond waovisn. oat the whelo og
id oot oh Mover Mever received three thousatil three buudred and
forty Mig. .oooeeoen peeresiaiies as PRRIINEE 3 BT i ee EY AAR EV o vn fol offices o aaprctors oi ol
of which Jusier Homes rerived vie Thousand tol Lainired aby of wich Thomas P. MeQuade received three thousand Bre hundred Nish lietion fierriet of 8 Thirtenstt Ward was sight
Er reesrsrsrer snunna dn A ANT) oo WUD ONE Rss esos er saher son na brannnsaiyrafuerusXsainnnsszsenss ve Y
OY ik HolIthoD Peter ved ote Loum) forms 1c trad Lag LIT 1 or which Nicholas J. (Connell received one tovssod seven bund- 2 oiaely-Dige
I IT IIE 3 BF i LU emg sad Hy TILE EEE EEE w A
oir O00 PIRMMEED. ..........0..eesssnasrasinrciniiiisinasanns an 1,318 of vac Lew three huadred
TWENTY-PIKAT BLRCTION DISTRICY, 10,354 of rit 4 Kobers Postell received one ossand three bundred a y asty-ol Helg teceived one thonsmad wd A368
Sl ere sss oresssnssnsanrateaserestnsnsess CereETETTISt SEY ns
THIRTSANTN BLECTION DISTRICT, And of w] thege were Scattering ve
b thousand oue hundred [7% UR Lt b. 4 TL} auiiale 5d Sur aie. that the who
ame W0nsssiusoesss a RtAAI SE IRR RAR SHEN Sr se ui srw vurznsuness 3D VION Stoddand received one thousapd b
1193 Ole Ribert Rob» d th d three bandred asd usdred sad
a
Twenty second ection District of the Eleventh Ward was ten
thousand seven hundred and Bity-four. ....ooooiviniiiei... 10,754
ig Jesse Wood received three thousand three hundred and
OPRY BIE. oo ivvninns cuvvvissa®onnanssnnanansass sesesssnasenn 3,
Of which John Lee received three thogsand three handred and
SOIT Sse vs vsassvsaresnsrees tavensrrareusspeassonpivensenvois NAB
Of whieh Jotio MeDiey tt received one thonsand tonr bundred and
Of which William Powell received one thousand ‘four hundred and
And of which Benjamin B, De Grush received one thousand two
Lubdrod aud nelly eiglbisssrerissorarernmnrssrsrrasnasiecasss
L417
1.22:
10,704
TWELFTH WARD.
PileT FLECTION Distal T,
That it appears on such estimate ail eanyase, that the whole anm
ber of votes given for the offices of luspeciors of blechou of the
First Election Dist ict of the Twelfth Wan! was thirteen thou:
220d one hendred aud Ot) BYE... uiiibosnisnsrniresiiaisisns 13.145
Of whieh Richard Welsh revived three thousand fonr hundred and
Of which Jobin Trad received thrbe thousand four bundred wid
CER BIResu uss oennnrnssrnsmmnsnnss Feshevrannss sesnusen SAU
Of which Rovers Ratlibone received ohie thousand seven “hondred
MORITA Nc conenerserrinnrsrtsntorarrannransnosssnnsren was. 11098
Of which William Bruorton received une thousand sesen burdred
AV RIATY POU... oouvvnnersnnnrrsransvsnsnnnnnes ererrverssvn 1H
Of which William H. Flitrer troeives one thousand three undred
and thirty-sis............. NARA ERI RS LACROSSE R TES srry 1,300]
Of which Lawson N. Faller received one thousand three har dred
RUSTON cher ovinssvsassnssrnsnrs PPP
Of which there were Defective four........
Of which there were Biank twentveight
And of which there were Ncattenng tweuty- ul
SECOND ELECTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on anch estimate and canvass. that the whole anm
ber of votes given for the offices of Toxpectors of Election of the
Recond F'ection District of the Twelfth Ward was thirtees thou:
Bat one butdevd 86d DLE BIDE. ovvrrrerreinssrsrsresnsannes 13,799
or wie lL Thomas Fenton received three thousand five huadred and
i TTT TTT TTT TT Tp OPTI
Of which Michael J, Quigg received thre thonsand foar hundred
Of which John McMullen reer ved one thousand seven bundred and
BRYANT es evrarrnarorersinss sarsnrnars sarsrrsans eronsnen; son 32793
Of whieh Alexander N. Lewis received one thonsand seven hundred
Of whith Jey C. Graff received one thonsand three hundred and L355
Of which Edward Cozzens received one thousand two Lundred aud
IIBPRY sass rnssarsnnsnrannss PTTL TITIITITT I TIT Ts BJ
Of which there were Veiective four. "oases 4
Of whieh there were blank twenty-eight hae ue PZ
Aud of which there were Beatteilng twenty Whiter 4
13,109
THIRD BIECTION DISTRICT,
That itappears on such extimate amd canvass, that the whole num:
ber of vores given for thw offices of Inspectors of Floet on of the
Lind Election Distr et of the Twelfth Ward was tires thou:
sand one hundred and thirte four. sre ar tansy TE 13,14
Of whieh Henry Munson received three thonsagd fonr hundred and
eighty: HOM, a oh st tsenst SESS HAVIARE SEARS ARNT RSs sens iey weree 3.303
Of which Thomas F. Gilroy received three thonsaud four handred
and wighty two. eT [LT TT Tr I 3.442
Of which George i. Hi Bton ‘recrived one thousand seven bundred
and thirty-Bve. o.oo iiarrras rasan Srsbapsrrens Crtuey
Of which Frank ti. Hubbard Teer ved one thousaid seven bandred
sand thirty-five, sesars were 1105
Of which William il. Draper received one thousaid thive Luwnired
And WEIS, Ls eae Sarensrsrrians rrensns 1g)
Of which Horatio P. Allen received one thow and two ‘Tmndred
BIE DIIEY rv srsvnsrsissssessssnsssssssss sxasavasnsssssessrns 1.2%
And of whic ere were Scattering igs BIC ce ersarsnssnsssess BY
10150
POTKTH FIPOTION DISTRLT,
That it appears on mach estimate and canvass, that the whale nam.
ter of sotes given tor the «Mees of Inspectors of lection ot the
Fourth Kieetion Disteiet of the Twrlfin Wand was therteen thea:
said one burdesd aud tury mx. TPT TR TE PERRIN I
Of whieh Josiah Porter vereival three thoasand four hundred and
eighty-wight. 4.47%
Of whiet, Germain "Huunchell “received ‘three thousand ‘fone ‘bundred
Ane ghty fOlE Le arses ea aaa 3.494
Of whieh John Higgins “received three thousand end forty-six KER)
Of when dl Ly w I Roberts peevived one Tings seven handred 1
and Giftsene.. rT TTT 11 Trl aan At
Of whieh Fo nets "Brothe penn reveived one thonsard three
Bubdred and TAEREY CLL sees caraaaas bens
OF which there avy Defective tour... TTT LTE ne
Ali of which there were Seattering thirty. ye sesrsrsnry
al

PIETH PIPIOTION DieTRilT
Toy are os sti Be siimate w tus toe whole rams
he of voces gwen tor the offers of drspeetor
Filth Fleetion Dsipet of the Twelfth Ward we
saute Ue Lutedred aud seventy Lye aaa PE
Of which Jobu 11, Van Valen recwived thro thousand four bund sed
ad eighty ight CS EERSTE A TARAS ORT SR REY
Of which Mirhaet MeDermott rece ved three thos four hua
TINE EPT IE a La DEE TE EEE ER SERRE SAREE SA did
Of whieh Morena Dorsch received ane thonsand seven bund
red and thirt twa waive AR
Ot whieh Witham HL Williams rece, ved po thamnani ‘seven buries
ns
red and t hrty. 11 I TR I A 1 1 LL EL]
or ahie bh John R. Furr ngten received one thousand three bun
AH RIDFIEEI. o.ouiisnsansrsss ansarsrnsssasearaarssniann sneer 1,340
Ol whieh kdoar Kriekom rere ved one thousand three hundred and we
SLI IR SIR EY ctv ster i Raa N ATE 0
Or whch there Wee Peterts ve tour. TTT TT 4
Of which there were Blank «iat: two 6.
And of whieh there were Seatterdng TARGET LITE cauaeiinrinnnnns 24
1.438
CXTI PIPCTION DISTRICT
That appears ou such estmake and canvass, that the who's nam.
ter of voles Siven of the ullices of Inspections of Ebation of the
Nath Eletion Dustiet of the welfth Ward was thirieen thon.
sand one butler mud BIG BBC ieee cern 19.350
fal oh Jobin J Maloney reeeiced three thonsand four hundred
and ninets-#ight. .....hiiiirs iranian KEY
Or which Eugene McEnroe received three thousand four hundred
and mpete-eight iii 3.40
Of whieh John Biel receive? one thousand seven “hundred and
TITEL POPPE PT) sereises BO ETE IT 1.7%
0! which Thomas L. Vai oh reerived thousanit seven hundred
ALA CHIPIY AWOL. ananassae 1
oO! which hy Rick received “one thoweand thre: Lundred and forty, 1540
Of whieh Jonn Ho Wright reecised vie thousand thre Lundmed aud
twent We saree Cees hyde
Ataulw oh there wee Ne ‘tering “thirty three. FREER ERIE RRS IX}
1319
SEYENTH PIRCTION DISTRICT
That it eas ob such eslinate awd (auvase, that the whale nom
tar ot Votes given fof the offers of Inspectors of Election ot the
Seventh Eoction Bistrot of tre Twel Ih Wand wos thirteen thous
sand one Lor.died TET SER LOPE ET sensenes
OF which Patrick Daniean peesived threo thonsand dv bun red and ws
BLrr.  suanesssuisssssas ests tagusnpueasensssesnatrorsnpsaneons syn
Of which William I. Murphy received ‘thre thousand foar bandred
mitety edghit. cov aii ines I TE PR J.400
Of His Dale received one thousand seven handed ‘and
Went fr. sirens TT TT I Ll LL 11 TL red
Of which Nelson Crawford received one thousand seven hundred
and taenty TWO. Lees esas ansannranas YY TRI IIIT 1:
Of which James Davis reced eived une hous three Lundred and
twenty five mm
OF which John Ormator peeve 1 nr the wisated theve handed amd
1 TE 71 Se TEE EE TET TERRE ERE EE ER ERE RE 1.020
OF Lien dberr woie SCALIeTingG Seventy sevel oon v vanenns er iT
w by
FORTH PIPTION LISTRICT
(RF TRTIFTRRINE STATIN I 1 RA UR) at the whale won
Yok oof wits piven wiles ot lise of LI oi
Eh Fhenon Dateler of tie Twelfth Wad It

Budid ULE Luiidien ale iBCessserrrsssssrrsrcrrmerrsrvarresssess BON
OF wld Tames 8porry received three thovsand four Lunteed and

oA
Of won Hers» thousand four Lua'red and
ray BREESE ERE TARTS sesese Si
Of wtih Jags Mier received one th qaenel Seeed n mdred and
o tual ers SCRIP EN, ee, 1,712
Of whieh Jota Muller received one PP sevens handeed aud
tavlye
Of wliel sme Fo Bown reeerved "one “thousand tt
and tarts -fiy
of witeh Wi in Pio pet received one thousand three hundred
ard (wen? Berar rraveanas 1120
Of which a were Blank twer 1 raves setae ass IsIey 2
Aut of ALien there er riehi. these rrassnnnn LE)
rid
NINTH ELECTION DisTHIT,
Thar tap rears on suck estimate and canvass, that the whole nam
ter of vores given for the offices of Tuspeetors of Election of the
Niuth Elect on District of tie Ewe'fth Wait was thirteen thon
paid one Luudred aid Seventy Bil... ieee EEE RERAELEs 17.176
Of whieh Cornelins Callaban received three thousand tive hundred
wil three. ETT TTT es 3,503
Of which Sawnel W, Tompkius received th Fee thous an
red And BINELE-SIX. urea
0; which Hevry B ZN recon od one
avd forty two. oo.
Of which Job J. Vale tine pr ved ole thoustid sey en bumdred
ADD OPV... eevee inninnansenins CEST TETRA, 1.440
Of whieh BF. Page teceived one thousand Wee b nudred ad sess
BIRR, cru res iessssvsssnstnsisssusessspsnsnsnyns savarnree LIT

Of whoo! wor seer he thousand thie hundred aid ten, 1,110
Aud of which there were Seattering sizes eights aan, 68
15,176
TENT VIPOTION DISTRICT
That it apresrs on such esamaw and canvass that the whale
pumb er of votes given for the offices of Tospectors of Llect on of
the Tenth Elect on Distrdet of the Twelfth Ward was tUditeen
thousand one hundred and SEXY E¥€..iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniene 13168
Of whieh John Ferguson received three thonsand four hundred and
DIPLY BIE sours inns srniiininnanas Om
Of which Denvis avauagh ees ved three tousabd four ‘bundred
ro POE I om EERE)
Of whieh David B. Sandford reerived une thousand seven busdred
2a Gund Petra 1
.ouuuniiiiiiiitiiiasrnnrrnes
3.48
Of which thers were Blank 1PM. .iivrsnnssninsnrrsnrnss
wich there
POURTRRNTH BLBOTION DISTRICT,
That it appears op soch rstimate sod canvas, that the whole nam:
her of votes given for the 0%ces of Inspectors of Election of tie
Fourteenth klvetion District of the ‘Twelfth Ward was thirteen
thousand one hundred aid sixty-Bv€..ueviuriesrinrsesrsseesnsl "ns
Of which Andrew McGowan received three thousand four hand:
oF Laud ninety-one............ rreny srassurspuryy SS
which Chaites ‘ta npn received tree hound four butdred i"
AV NVDN rn seh rss sions s 22 xs en TERR ARNS SRY ERY arerrriyy: 300
Of which Vifig Vv. DeCaop received one thousand seven hundred
ITT rsd Rrassidi SBIR I ARIS ANANEAIES sosnsnnnsns 1,748
Of which Frost received ooe tsoumnd seven hundrol
1344
Of wi fu Ds Bogus received une thousand three hund ed and
fweity- BH AREER TER rT Py Ta a2
of whieh 1.8 Brown received one th, nsand three hundred and
Oe ete were Hs To pan
AW of which there were Seattenag thirty PE sreve rar scren
Vio

PIPTRYNTR ELECTION DISTRICT.
"That it appears on sur. estinate sgl came gin, Hat the whole aum
hey af y tes Avs fr the «Meet OF In ts of eleetion of the
Fifteenth Rlection District of the Te Joao ELA TY
thought ous burdred and sixty five... [ETTTPTTTPPPPPPRNNRE EN i]
Of which John Coman receival three thousand four bandred od
DINELY-ON®, ou rutannrirssnnes esssvanss S49)
Of whieh Henry M. Jennings received three thousand Tour haw red
And RIRALT-OME Laie ee eas aT cassncias 3400
Of which William H. Moore, in, received oue tbousand seven bud
rl of TORY AWD sasssnrerssnsninnes resnrsnavr ones LIZ
Of which George H. Yeomans received one thonaaid seven husdred
and FOrtY-BWO. cov soosibiinsiiii iin 1542
Of wiich Jobo Ditts received one thousand thaee Lenited and
IWADLY  sunnnannrnnisn inosine I TR ae
Of which Bb. A. Hite received one thousand three Lun dre) and
WOR sus sssses rene rans 1.120
And {which there were Scattering Bs BitRersranrenss wixpsnranns.
13,05
SITTRENTH PLECOTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on sach estimate and canvas, hat fhe whole name
ber of votes given for the offices of Inspectors of Eliotin of tle
N xteenth Election District of the Twelfth Ww ard was hore
thousand vue hundred and sixty Bye... aie RPO FN
Of which Edward A, Moore received three thousand toer hutdral
and vightv-five.........0. RY
Of which Ja ob M. Long ree ‘vived three thousand four bar dre ant
Of which Sylvanus Warren received ove thous
WW
20

4 3
seven bur
and forty 8AVFN. .uuunsrrsririsesss
Of wh ch John Gillelas recerved one thousand veo bu red awd
Of which William M. Wynne neeived one thousand three bandred

ANG TWENEY AWOL .ovsrensn.snnsrnissss IRIS LINIRIREI ERR IRR wees MI
Of which Charles L. Chapin fresived one thomsand three bund rd
Prd TWEEDY CWO. aaa sassasnsarrrsaranns 1.22
Aud of which there were Neat ring BIG MEVED: 2 srrssssrarsnrnrnrs 57
 K} 3
SRYENTRENTR RLECTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on such estimate and cauvase, that the whole ram.
bet of votes given for the of een of Inspectors of BEeetonof the
Feventeonth Elecuon District of the Tweiith Ward wae triers
thousand one hundred and mxty- Ave... ..oovuen ovine
Of which John Halloran received three thousand four hundred aud
Chtv-eight. irae saa aa caine SAR,
Of which Inase T. Brown received three "thonsand fonr hun. Ire and
eighty e rb ses S40
Of which Foes i, Watson received one thousand seven banlred
BUA TTY RADIOS, ryvenssssunnsessssnsnnsns ERE TL
Of which Thaddeas B. Wakemao peeeivel one thonsasd seen bund:
red and ORY Lhree, uu vuinrrsiuannrnernsinrnrrriraiiirninsnns 1.543
Of which John H. Garrison recrived one thousin) there huidred
and twenty-two. Sarak SERRREIRER RSS 1724
Of which Arthine F. Jobusou received one thousand three hindred
and twenty two... BERR RRRRRRIRIRRIS 1 82
Ot which there were Dafoctice ten... BARIRERERE FABER RASA RAIRERS A
Avd of which there were deatteriag forty LSI Saver “0

15.405
RICHTFENTH PLROTION DISTR OT,
That it appears or such estimate and canvass, that the whole wou
Ler of votes given for the offices of Luspee ors of El “tion of tre
Eo hteenth Election Distiet of the Uweltth Wari was thirteen
tuourand oue hundred and SIELY-BVE.couiaiiiiiiiin vraesaenll3I0S
Of which William Wood received three thousand four handred ard
BIEEY FOUL cass nnnsnsnsnssasnnnnns 3.01
Of winen Jason Mills recvived three thousand four pondred aud f
LR ETT EE EEE EA LA TT Th 3494
Of which Samuel W alli ce reccived one thousand seven mired sod oa
LURES 1] CAEP 1)
Of which Eberhardt Henry ro
CEES Dili sass snsnsssnnnnns pa: 15.9
Ot whieh Willian H. De Canp recessed one thou Tih tev hutdred mn
and ev ghteen...oeniinnans TT TT Tron ee
Ot wi ch Denny Hall, yr, received one thousand thee hun ired and
LOT {0 TO PE sand PERRSEE RRRRRRERRIIRIIS seen: JIB
OF which there wes Blank twenty. oveeoono sarens Fa
Aud of which there were Scattering (oP thre. oiineiinnn nos 4
NINETEENTH PIECTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on such catinn te and cans ass that t nhole nam.
ber of sotes given tor the otfices of Tuspeetors of Evetion of the
Nineteenth ir street of the Tweet Ward was thirteen
thous asd one hundred aod wEIP-BVe coouieiiiiiiiai 8
1 Of which Lane T Hopkins receised three thoasand three hundred
and 1 LTT TTL Ey EE EE RL J
Of wich fo Brown res eived taree thonsaud three Bundred and
NAEAY IDB ears aranana nrsrsrissnaiarrsssinins TTR 3,903
Of which Juseph 8, Avge y received three thousand one bandred and
MELVIN, rer RARER RRR ANSE L318
Of which AL "Fran I» sb aw ‘pecvived one thousand sx bai and
[IN


twenty ous L.
Ot wis hh Guernsey Sackett received one house ive Lard wal
or ET TEER EEE Benaraas sas
Aud of which there were deatleniy Wirty-seven. TT ET) T
TWENTIETH LIPCTION DIFTRIEY.
That ft appears on such 3! nate and canvass, ther whole nam
ter of votes given for the of ces of Inspector of biection of tle
A wentieth Election District of the Tween Wed Woe Lhrteen
thousand one huwired and $IE8Y-BYE errs ierrsranaesnsinaneon 13 id
Of which Janies Kelly received three thonsand four hardrd and
ALLS “BIE e sso sassnsssansssosrorsssosdesmetissonnie oon vars 340
Of which Jobu Black preeived three thousand four "Bundred asd
tinetv-mx. ET 1 1 da ididedd: ER EH
Of which Benjamin Page reer red one tonsand vou buried wd
HOES “OE, 4 ss aaasss ss sanssnssssesssnssssssusssnississ: Es
Of which Benjamin M. Thompeor, jr., received on thousand seven
bndred and forty-one. cones SY PITRE BL
Of wiich Abram Brow jr. ro ceived one thousand three iwi
And WOR Ne. ees sae are L221
0! wiach Wilhaia H, Barnum reervel one pvt! three Lurdied
and twenty-one, TEE EEE Saas amrmaenan
[Of which there wete Deer ave ‘"1.. PPP
Of wliicl towers were Blank ten press i
ALL ul wiivu thee were deatiering thirty-ihrve. sRRsRRREERIIRRRS

KIL
THIRTEENTH WARD
PIKST Ki BCTION DisTi
That It appears on sueb estunate and canvass, thi the w' es 1s
Ler of votes given for the offices of Inspectors of Election or tie
First Election Distinct of the Thirteenth Ward was eight (hou i
sand five bundred and 1BELY-RINE. o oorrniianiainiiasiiiiaaiaan F nn
Of which Tames Carrabier received two thousand tao hundred ann
vignty-three PT TTT LLL LL I RT AE 2 2 2253
Of whieh John Kiernan geeeived two thousand tao hata wid
CIR HTes. o vavaanaes san rae raises pes ranss U3
O01 whet John H. Dusenberrs reevived one thousand 11 ree hung: vd.
BE tT TITIIIE I VT hn
Of whia Isane Mills received one thoussud three Lunites wid
EIV-StRuuunrssnonsrsnsmennrsrrrsssmsnnnns TT was DOB
Of wh eh 4 Tari H, Great received SIX hum dred and forts (Ey
Of wth Chartes H Ujuts ke geceived sik hundred and fort wae... 14%
OF whic 8 rrr wun Defective Le. oon aiaiinanes
Adgol which their wee Seatiering Ah serars Z
SECOND PIRCTION DISTRICT.
That it aprenrs on sock entamate and eany ss
Ler of votes g.ven for the oifier s 01 Tospecto of Ele "im of af
second Election District of the Thirteeutt Wart was #000 thou
sand ve buucred aud PIDELY NOE. coor iiiriniiiiin ons "ts 5aasss BIS
hich Withai Clapey received two thousand two hondred amd
a ADOC y ss snsssssnsns st srssdnsdosnsnssnrsnnny cenvennses 3203
Of whieh Jouathun DD, Howell reevived two thousand 0 han ied
andeighty three, ..o0inninnn ors 1203
Of which Willis Motels received one  thousan od turer hire band
PALE KML srsrnes srsssnns 18
r winch Fredenck Strout received one thonsnad th ree hunared and
VEIN SIE as srrannnsannnnnniss ne sassaranninnsin sesnvnsansonsnr Boll
heh which Drake Soper received mx hundred and forty moe... oo.
{of abl Hugh Leswan received og hundred aud forts nine... 04D
On which toere was Defective one... ‘es ’rrn 1
Aud of nluch there were deat ening two... pears 1]

LE
THIRD RIBCTION DISTRICT
That it appears on such stinate und canvass, tint the whale nnm- 'Y
hot of vores given for the offices of frspectors of Flootion 1 th,
vid Election Ihwirict of the Thirteorth Ward was ight thon
i five hundred aid IRE NINE... coiiviinnnninns serinisnss E09
Of which Willism J. Goets peeerved two thousar two hun lied and
elgbey- Pe. oes LE 22
Of which Peter H. Jobes received two thousand (wo handred aud
LT LR La REE 243
Of which Robert Carson reer ved one "thousend Tiree hundred and
tS PEERY TT PEPE PRI 4
Of which Theodore D. Holmes received one thonsand three hundred al
BEE BIB BIE gsr unset snssanssbonnnssusnsenssssshus as. sonsrsses 1.48
Of winch John Colum received six handred and fortrnine 64d
Of which Johu P. tiriffen received mx bundred sud fo N t
Of which there was Detective Jeo ue bunirol Ju Soryy oi AA i
Aud of which there were Beattering two..........ooviiuininn. 3
POURTH RIF TION DISTRICT,
That t appears on such estimate and exnvass, that the sich Ae
vr of voles given tor the offices ot luspectors of kleetion of th
Fourth Election District of the Thirteenth Ward was eight thou