A Numet.
Th wind nd the day had lived together,
Thev died together. stid far wy
Spoke fruvwell ia ths sultry weather,
Out. of the enneet, over the heather,
The dying wind nd the dying day.
Far in the South, the Mrar Urin
Flushed. a flame in th* era* soft air
We seemed to look on the nille of heaven
Yon aw within, hat to me twaa siren
To aoe your ftiee, a an angel'# there.
Never again, ah. surely new.
Khali we wait and wateh where of old we
stood,
The low good-night of the hill and the river.
The (hint light fade, ami the wan atari quiver,
Twain grown one in the loliittde.
Salvation Through Poverty.
Dying alone
Booamx- he ia poor,
dloing through the invisible door
To the unknown.
All unattended
All unbefrieiided-
No one to aoe it all over ami ended,
Priretly or lay
No one to pray-
No one to ear
Good-bye to the spirit departing t.v-dar
UeoauM- be ia pa>tr.
Opes Tvmr doors
Ye angels that take
CnfHended mortals An- rharitv V aake
Up to your floor*
Say, have ye puree
Where Love's lighted fares
Shall weleome him, freed from the earth s odd
emhraees.
Where he was torn
llv talons of sreni
Manfully Raw
All night through, though ever more ervuu!
for mom
Because ho waa poor
He died alone.
Because he was poor
None lingered or watched at the sad earthly
door.
For hearts are atone
Not one t ache
For his piufril sake
Ah I well that the morning was ody to break
There by hia bed;
None at his head
Save invisible dead-
Who come in our plaeea to wateh, it is said
Because he was poor.
I see how it ia—
How it seems to me.
He bread* the bright floors, which I hardy see.
And the Heavens are hut;
His sickness, health—
His penury, wealth
And bliss insupportable cornea. as by stealth
From endless skies.
This is the prise
Of one who dies
Fnsunned in the warmth of onr human eyes
Because he is poor.
A Strange Delusion.
Placards have suddenly appeared in
the moot important localities in Canton
province of China, charging foreigners
with having concocted a diabolical medi
cine, which causes the bowela and the
feet of the victim to swell up writhiu
some twenty-five days after it is taken,
unless the patient will consent to enter
the Roman Catholic church.
The medicine is said to be circulated
in all quarters at foreign expense,
through the agency of Buddhist nans,
old women and various sorts of hawkers
and peddlers. Persons are induced to
partake by the representation that a
pestilence is impending, from which
immunity can be secured only by a doee
of the powder. If, when tie swelling
begins, they refuse to become Catholic
they die, and report has it that some
twenty thousand persons have already
perished.
Of course the excitement caused among
an ignorant and superstitions jeople by
such a story is by no means trilling. As
a consequence trouble and bloodshot
have followed. A poor Chinaman was
killed in the streets of Canton, by an
excited mob on suspicion of dealing in
this powder. A woman was killed in
the Yamun. and a man was executed by
the Viceroy on the same ground. Sharp
despatches by the consuls have been
followed by proclamations by the iceroy
aud Provincial Judge. The Litter order
the people to maintain order, under the
severest penalties, bat at the same timt
they assume the correctness of the report
that such a powder is in circulation. J
As a reward ia offered for any one en
gaged in its distribution, and as the
official retrospects of the matter do not
affirm the falsity of the charges regard
ing foreigners, the impression remains
on the minds of the people that they
are actually guilty. It is, therefore,
clearly a matter of question whether the
harm "does not surpass the good.
The origin and design of these pla
cards demand the gravest inquiry. To
pass them over as mere ebullitions of j
ignorance which cease to do evil after
a InQ supervenes, is to practise political
quackery, of which are may some day be
the victims. First of all, be it observed,
these placards are a common agency of
stirring up a popular commotion, and
Elacards against foreigners Lave been
nowu cTer since the oM Hong days of
Canton. What distinguishes the present
movement ia the extent of territory over
which it prevails, and the homogeneity
of pain indicates extraordinary facilities
for attaining a common understanding
and concert of action.
Two theori w are advanced to explain
the movement. By some it is regarded
as part of a plan to overthrow the Tartar
dynasty, by embroiling them with for- j
eigners. And it is by no means an ill
chosen ageney for that purpose, as I
shall point out hereafter. By others it
is loosed npon as a most ingenious de
vice of the mandarins to implant a deep
er dislike of the foreigner in the nunrts
of the common people, and there is an
abundance of testimony in favor of this
opinion. The manipulations of Chinese
state-craft hare a special end to accom
plish at the present time. The treaties
are to be revised, and the inland resi
dence question ia to be discussed. The
Chinese are bent on refusing that de
mand. The Earl of Clarendon, moved
by the representations of Mr. Burlin
game, gave various classes of foreigners a
rebuke for not paying more deference to
the wishes and prejudices of the people.
The Chinese had these papers translated
and took the hint, and the mandarins are
now manufacturing a public opinion
bitterly hostile to the residence of for
eigners inland.
No less than four German missionaries
iving in inland towns bare been driven
back to Canton or Hong Kong, while
their houses have been looted and de
stroyed. Since the British Cabinet has
ordered thnt the prejudices of the Chi
nese should lie respected (and which is
all right enough in itself), the Chinese
have resolved that there shall te an in
creased multitude of prejudices to bo re
spected. You will hear, of course, that
the ostentaiious vennilion-tipped procla
mations are posted after the placards,
and the placards will be pulled down,
and you will be told to infer that all is
moving on as before. The inference will
by no means be just The mischief in
tended will be fully accomplished. A
condition of public sentiment will be
superinduced which may lie passive and
dormant enough when not needed, but
which can be utilized hereafter if deem
ed, desirable by the crafty mandarins.
Let not the public be deceived by any
syren-song of mandarin desire for closer
relations with the West. We are drift
ing in the direction of war rather than
of peace.— Chinese correspondent.
AKOTHEB LABGE TUNNEL. —More long
tunnels are projected. The St Gotbard
Railway, with a tunnel about as long as
that through Mont Cenis, will be soon
begun. For the tunnel alone it is esti
mated that about twelvejnillions of dol
lars, gold, will be required aad for the
connecting lines to join with the Italian
and Swiss railways, about twenty-five
millions more. This makes thirty-seven
millions in all, toward which Germany,
Italy and Switzerland have already
voted subsidies to the extent of seven
teen millions. The remaining twenty
millions are to be taken by a syndi
cate," thirteen millions in bonds bearing
five per cent, interest, and seven millions
in shares. Eight years are assigned for
the completion of the work; but im
provements in machinery often cause
estimates like these to be anticipated,
and this may be the case with the St.
Gothard Tunnel.
A BIRD fancier of Philadelphia, who
had a large collection of pigeons, Mal
tese cats, Guinea pigs, and fancy dogs,
absented himaelf, being on a drunken
sprea. The police broke open his place
yedtsrday and found nearly all the ani
mals dead from hunger.
FRED. KURTZ, Editor and Projiriotor,
VOL. IV.
Cape Horn.
Cape Horn Island is the a#u thorn-moat
extremity of Terra del Fuego, in south
latitude &S dog. 58 miu. It is tlie south
ern termination of a group of rook\
islands surmounted with a dome-like hiil
out of which is a projection like a straight
horn. But Solum ten, the Dutch discov
erer, is said to have uniued Cape Horn
from H\ H, in the Netherlands, lib
native place. The whole hill is a ban
rock indeed, how could any thing,
even the lowest forms of vegetable life.
And root on a place smitten as this is by
the views Utdv the lichens, stealing
with seeming eouqiussion over every form
in nature dimmed to hurrenuesis succeed
in holding on to these rocks. The hill
is about eight hundred feet high, its
base environed by low black rooks with
not a sign even of uiariue vegetation.
One line of these rooks looks like a fort,
the soeuriug gateway, higher than the
rest of the wall, beiug composed of jier
liendiouhir fragments. All aloug the
i ivisc of the nuigh hill, low. irregular
piles, like a growUi of thorns and bram
bles around a boulder in a field, consti
tute a fringe, as though nature felt that
the plaee needed some appropriate dt ae
ration, and what could lie more so than
that which she has here given For a
loug space toward the termination of
the Cbpe, sharp rooks stand up in group*,
and some apart, making a gradual end
ing of the scene, all in agreement with
the wilduesM which marks the region.
The sight of this spot, the landmark
of our continent, can never fade from
the memory of the beholder. Like many
a remarkable object, it is of nuxlerute
1 size, its impressiveuoss being due. not
to its bulk or height, but to its position.
At tirst you are disappointed in not see
j ing at such a place something colossal;
yon would have it mountainous at least
I vou would have thought that it would
be columuar. Nothing of this you have
the disappointment which you feel 011
seeing for the tirst time a distinguished
man whom you find to be of low stature,
whereas you would have hail him of
imposing appearance. But soou, how
ever, you feel that you are at one of the
ends of the earth. Here the Atlautie
and Pacific oceans begin, the great deep
dividing itself into those two principal
feature* of our globe. Any thing tnonu
mental, any thing statuesque, or even
picturesque, here, yon feel would be
trifling. lake silence, more expressive
at times tluui speech, the total absence
of all display here is sublimity itself;
you would not have it otherwise than an
infinite solitude, unpretentious, without
form, almost Vhaotie. Around this point
it is though there were a contort to
which ocean each billow shall divide;
here the winds and waters make inces
sant war the sea always roars and the
fullness thereof. The rooks whieh filially
terminate the Gape stand apart, as you
sometimes see corners of blocks of build
ings where an extensive fire luus raged,
and the most of the walls have fallen in
but here aud there a shoulder of a wall
overhangs the rains.
We stood together as we passed the
last landmarks, and sang
Prmixe taxi from whom all blowing* flow."
—K'~r. Dr. JTehewi*th Adam.*.
Harmless Amusements Necessary.
No particular possession, or condition
or course of conduct, insures happiness.
The rich pine over what, when poor,
they thought would be sure to make
them happy. He who in his days of
toil, has sighed for leisure, finds, when
it has been obtained, that the |i&ins of
vacuity are not less than those of op
pressive labor, lligid adherence to par
ticular systems ore alike found to disap
point their votaries of the calm felicity
which was expected from them. But let
us think what sort of world it would lie,
if only one particular tangible thing, or
one particular condition, or one particu
lar course of conduct, were to confer
happiness. Evidently it would be a
world of atter sameness and languor, in
stead of the world of infinite variety and
incessant activity which it really is. We
may be satisfied, then, that happiness
was not designed to Ik the invariable con
comitant of any such particular things,
but to be a temptation toward an infinite
variety of pursuits, and a perpetual ac
tivity of our faculties. How otherwise
could we have been active beings How
otherwise could the whole of our fuoul
be* have received employment It is
true that some things continue longer
to give satisfaction than others, and that
some of the highest of our sentiments
and affections never tire of exercise. We
do not, for instance, so soou weary of
bread, or sound animsl food, or aiiy
other of the staple articles of life, as of
the luxuries which are more rarely
presented. Nor can the practice of nnv
lofty duty ever appear less excellent than
at first, "but rather the contrary, "as
streams their channels deeper wear."
Bnt, while the reasons for their pecu-
Rarities of our economy are obvious, it
is equally clear that change# in diet, and
varieties*of object and of employment
are necessary, in order to maintain the
stimulus of iife. There ought to be much
amusement, and ample facilities for ob
taining excitements of an innocent kind.
Mental laborers should endeavor to ob
tain occasional physical employment
Every one should endeavor so to vary
his employments, and so to mix them
up with amusements and recreation, as
to obviate the inevitable consequences
j of monotony.
Marriage Relation* in France.
The following statistical statement of
the nurol>er of applications for divorce,
or rather for legal Reparations, in France,
is interesting. In 1869 the petitions for
separations rose from 2,999, which was
the number in the previous year, to 3,-
056. Of these, 2,611 came from the
wife, and only 445 from the husband.
Four-tenths of the whole number, that
is 1,290, emanated from the working
classes, 545 from landed proprietor*,
490 from peasants, and 485 from the
commercial classes. In 442 cases the
judge succeeded in efleeting a a recon
ciliation, in 282 the petition was rejected,
and in 2,332 the decree of separation
was pronounced. The reasons given
in support of the petitions throw light
on the character of the lower classes of
French society. In 147 cases the wife
had leen guilty of adultery in 65 the
man had kept a concubine in the same
honse with his wife in 230 one of the
parties had suffered a degrading punish
ment, and in 2,959 excesses, insults and
ill-treatment were the cause of the separ
ation.
WOMEN IN ENGLAND. —A lady in a re
cent letter from Liverpool says Here,
as in every other hotel in England, I
found ladies at the bar, keeping the re
gister of arrivals, and assigning rooms
to guests, receiving payment of bills,
Ac. So in the telegraph office, and in
all the stores and shops, young and well
dressed ladies form a large portion of the
attendance. I was greatly struck with
it, and ljelieve it would be well for our
people to adopt tbe custom of thus fur
nishing employment to a large and most
dependent class of our people. Where
ever there is light and nimble work to be
done, we found universally ladies em
ployed. In* tbe extensive draper estab
lishment of Lee, in Liverpool, frequent
ed and patronized by the nobility and
wealthy of the land, the long lines of
t counters were attended by scores of beau
tiful young girls, tastefully dressed, and
who were waiting upon the crowds of
ladies and gentlemen purchasing sup
plies."
THE CENTRE REPORTER.
The Country Stare.
Awsv from the cities the whole rang,
of leaser everyday want* turns the fulfil
ment to the country "tore. And *0 il
become* a clustering point for all ol
village life.
There is no limit to it* pusibilitica. II
Aunt Eunice wants anvthing, from u
wad-,tub to an ounce of |>!iregori she
know* where to get il; but when *li
broke her only pair of spectacles, tin
other day, she earns to us in doubt.
Yon kesp 'most everything," die
aaid, hopefully.
Yea, I kuow but we don't sell spae
tacles. People are so diflereut yon aee.
But there are a pair or two about here
aouif where, if they will do you uuy
good."
These hal come to us from some auc
tion or other, where were congregated
the quaint ami usoh** relics of mnuv a
previous sale—relic* that are still des
tined, 1 doubt not, for further kick#
adowu the vole* of time by auctioneers
yet uultsru. I have them la-fore me
now stout-rimmed, cumbrous, brassy
staring owl-like at me, a* if from out
the deepeuiug twilight of the |m*t the
glasses so or retched and dim with use
and age that it is easy to imagine that
within their misty lenses lingers the re
membrance of mauy a vanished scene,
and that they feebly "attempt, as 1 placid
them astride of my nose, to twist ths
familiar things at whieh I look into an
unique picture whieh shall be in kcep
iug with their own venerable aspect
But they are pec t soles. A rare apee
tade, too, was the good woman's face as
she hold them afar, that she might
better inspect them with her crippled
eyes.
Goodness I Did vou ever I How could
people ever wear such things as these I
nope you don't ever expect to sell them."
But" thus happily were the resources of
our "establishment" vindicated though
less ready were we than other shopkeep
ers of these parts, who laid a wager that
lie could till any single demand, and tri
umphantly produced a second hand
pulpit which was called for.
Such enterprising spirits are not liar
rowed by any study of the kuown laws
of supply ami dematid. Within the i>re-
I oinots over which 1 have lieen called to
exercise a temporary charge, have
gathered mauy thing* that have long
failed to excite the appreciation of our
plain country folks—jietont medicines,
powders aud onguents, of happiest effi
cacy and ißimitabla range of cure pol
ishing powders, enough to burnish the
world until it should shine like another
sun preparations and contrivances need
ing a second inventor to discover use for
them or to tell their efficiency—and
which are here waiting in dingy and fly
-.pecked stat. 1 that happy niUlemal time
whieh shall find for ail inexplicable ami
alighted tilings a full and legitimate use.
The country storekeeper is in some
sort a public character. He fiuds him
self used in a dozen different ways— aa
banker, orracle, referee, newspaper,
directory, intelligence man, etc.. almost
before iie is aware. Gossip and small
talk he should retail with the same grace
ful alacrity with whieh he dispenses
macebov and peppermint drops. Thor
oughly democratic as an institution,
the store" recognizes no caste, aud it*
door swings freely open to all who come,
whatever be their errands. An inviting
haunt for ail the idle one* among us. its
little circle, that is ever shifting its char
acter aud its subjects as different charac
ters come and go.
A Remarkable Family.
Here is the history of a remarkable
Kentucky family, as told by a Kentucky
paper: Aoout one mile from Jamestown,
Itussel County, there lives one of the
most remarkable families in all this com
monwealth. and probably in the United
States. Mr. Jan"S Jeffrie#, who is now
in this city, serving upon the petit jury
in the United States Court, laufl his own
story, and says that he waa married be
fore he waa seventeen year* old, his wife
being only five days younger than him
self. Thev lived* together seven years
without children when his wife gave
birth to twins, a boy and a girl In the
fifteen years which followed, nineteen
abildreu worn Imrn to the liappy oouple,
cash of the first tiiree births Wing twins,
aid each suliseqnont birth alternating
between twins and single births, until the
fifteen vesrs were accomplished and nine
teen children composed the family aide,
seven pair of twins being born during
the time. Mr. Jeffries is only 45 years
old, and is still youthful in appearance
and very stont. Hi# wife never had bet
ter health in all her life than at present,
though she will not weigh a hundred
pound*. Her gri-atest weight at any
time was a hundred and ten pounds. The
boy of the first twins now weighs a hun
dred and sixty-five pounds, the girl a
hundred and twenty-fire pounds. All
the boys who are grown have mule large
men; the girL* are of good size and all
die children healthy. But five out of
nineteen have died." Mr. Jeffries has ten
brothers, all of whom are large men. and
within the families of three eleven bro
ther* there are thirty-seven pair* of t wins,
making seventy-four twin children, to
say nothing of the boat of single births.
Five of Mr. Jeffries' children ar# mar
ried, and, added to all these singular
facts, notwithstanding the absence of
silvery locks on his head, he is the grand
father of five children.
To Exterminate Rat*.
Being sadly plagued with rats about
my house and farm-buildings, I tried in
vain to catch them they are too cun
ning to be trapped, and to hy poison I
dare not for fear of killing my dogs, cats
and hogs, and to wait for them with a
gun was a loss of too much time, though
I have dropped three at a shot. At last
I purcliased two goats, which I kept
about my fold, barn and stable, the pig
styes bemg in the fold. In a short time
all the rats emigrated—they evacuated
the place, cleared right out every Jack of
them, and I have not seen a single rat
about the place for npwards of three
years, but my neighbors who are within
eighty rods have plenty of all sites and
ages. Perhspa it is not generally
known that where there are many horses
stabled together very little aickness pre
vails if there is a goat about the yard
and atablea.
A friend of mine in lowa was ao infest
ed with rats that they were to be seen
running about hia fold and farm-boild
ings by the half-dozen at a time and
playing like rabbita (his farm-buildings
are* extensive!. He tried the goat sys
tem, and to nis astonishment entirely
cleared his premises. He could not leave a
rng or buffalo robe in the stable a single
night, without having it cut to pieces ly
the rats. The smell of the grflkt is ob
noxious to the nostrils of the rats, and
the two won't be friends and companions
on any account whatever. Farmers and
livery-stable keepers, try the goat.
FRENCH TOAST.— -Beat four eggs very
light, an J stir with them a pint of milk
slice some liaker's bread, dip the pieces
into the egg, then lay them in a pan of
hct lard and fry brown sprinkle a little
powdered sugar and cinnamon on each
piece, and serve hot. If nicely prepar
ed, this is an excellent dish for breakfast
or tea unite e<jiuil to waffles.
In response to an inquiry of a scientific
publication, "Whence comes fleas?" a
Western journal says it does not care a
pickle, but it would like to know where
in thunder they go when yon go for
them.
VENTRE lIALL, VENTRE CO., l'A., ERID
It i* estimated, upon what may Ih< re-
I guttled a* good authority, that the fire
cover*xl over S,WHt acres in the heart of
the city; over JO.fHIO building* were de
stroyed, ami ninety-three thousand |er
son* dittKMueaaed of their homes; ninety
thousand buildings are left standing,
fifty thousand people huve left the city,
aud two hundred uiul eighty thousand
remain. Five grain elevator* were
harnad, with one million, six hundred
thousand bushel* of grain; eleven ele
vators remain uniujured, containing five
lutllion btuliel* of graiu. t hie half the
entire pork product was burned, with
the same projKirtion of flour. Eighty
thousand ton* of coal were consumed,
and alsuit the mime amoiuit i* on hand.
Fifty million feet of lumber were burn
ed, and two hundred aud forty million
feet remain unharmed—nearly uue quar
ter enough to rebuild the waste place*.
The atiwk of leather wa* mlarwl about
one-quarter, the value of that burned
beiug alKiut ffift.OQO. The greater jsir
tiouuf the atoeka of grooerie#, dry gtsids,
and boot* and anoes were burned up,
with more than one-half the ready-made
clothing, bnt the quantities destroyed
were scarcely equal to three weeks' sup
ply, and are Wing rapidly replaced.
Tea jer cent, of the currency wa* burned.
A careful average of these* larger Items
with smaller oues shows that the city i
ha* Huffeitxl a loss of not leas than twen
ty nor more than twenty-five per cent, ou
her total assets, real and personal. The
terrible pernotiul experiences published
in the Eastern papers are *tted, almost
without exception, to he fabrications.
The bauk* are oil in full operation.
A Nevada .Silver Mine.
Say* a correspondent: I put on an old
suit of elotli*, and, with the Sii)M riuten
dent of the Crown Point Mine, drop]**!
suddenly down a perpendicular shaft one
thousand feet into the earth. The tem
perature was ut more than one hundred
aegreea Fahrenheit, and the miners were
sweltering at their labor like the work
men in a rolling mill. The only air tbey
get to breathe is forced down iu air
pumps from above, and with the best
appliance* the thermometer rarely goc*
I*-rood UN) degrees, and from that to 110
and sometimes 120. I asked the stijier
intendeut how men could stand it to work
in such a temperature. "They have to
stand it," said he. Sometime* a fellow
faiuta aud lias to !>e hoisted up. but gen
erally tliey sweat it through." "Is it
not unhealthy I asked. "On the
contrary it seems to be very healthy.
Men are rarely aiek who work iu the
mine*, and they an* never troubled writh
the ordinary cohla that so annoy u* poor
devils above ground." "What wages
do they get?" "Four dollar* a day."
How many hours do they work
Eight hoars at a time. There are three
relay# in every twenty-four hour*, and
th work goes on day and uight without
stopping." "How much further do yon
HupjKxc this vein goo* I don't
kuow, but the prelwi>iliti<># ure that we
siiall never reach the end of it." "And
it grow* wanner the further yon go
"lea, warmer nud warmer.**
Lrwßfora Ploxts.—lt will In-a new
fact to many that plants emit light.
From an article on tiii* subject in tbe
lUnrdtnn Scientific AVricic w learn tiuit
rogue ideas of the existence of luminous j
plant* iu India and the neighboring 1
countries still float about, as in the days
of the old Hindoo* and Greeks." There
is a vague report -that in Afiglmnistan
grows a bush which at night from a dis
tance apjiears oil fire. Bui on Huge says
that he wu* told that the Auk River, j
when swollen with rain, brings down
from Thibet pieoev of timber whieh
shine in the dark as long as they con
tinue moish" Tbe root of n gratw in
the Himularns is said occasionally to Is- 1
luminous at night during the rainy sea
son. An inflammable atmosphere is
generated about the European Dittany
on a calm, still evening, due to the ovn- i
iHiration of a volatile oil. "If a candle
tie bronght near it. thi# plant i# envelop
ed by a transient Hume, without sustain
ing injnry." The tuberose is said, on
doubtful authority, to hove been observ
ed of a sultry evening, after thunder, to
dart small spark* in great abundance
from such of it* flowers as were fading.
(omnierrhil Statistic*.
The trade of the Ohio River, from
Pittshnrgh to Cairo, amount* to the fnli
nlous mm of #716,000,000 jier annum, of
whieh Cinrinnatti claims 8312,000,000
PiUburgh 8150,01 Y),000; Wheeling
000,0U). The irniKiri* and exjxirts of
('ineinnotti eonihined n-seh 8505,000,000.
She lui# 8H0.000.000 invested in manu
factures; works up 800.000,00U raw mate
rial into 8127,000,000, thus adding 801,-
000,000, or nearly doubling the raw ma
terial. The |K!pulittiou of 21H.000 allows
an increase in ten years of 30 per cent.
The whole value of the property ia eati
mated at 8300,000,000. or alsmt one
seventh of the untionnl debt. At the
same rate New Y'ork should ho wortli
81,500,000,000. The entire wealth of the
United States is estimated at 820,000,-
000,000. If any of our reader# are anx
ions to sjx'nd a part of the eternity Ik>-
fore them in counting this little sum, we
can tell them that it will require but
j 1370 years, counting 60 per minute and
twelve hour* each dav.
WASTS PAPKH. —Never throw away
old jwper. If yon have no wish to sell
it use it in the house. Home house
keepers prefer it to cloth for cleaning
jnanv articles of furniture. For instance,
a volume written hy n lady who prided
herself on her exjiericnoe and tact, any*:
After'n stove has been blacked, it can
be kept looking very well for a long time
by rubbing it with paper every morning.
Rubbing with paper is a inurfj nicer way
of keeping the outside of a tea kettle,
coffee-pot nnd ten-pot bright and clean,
than the old way of wnnhing them in
suds. liubbiug with |>apcr is also the
best way of ]K>liahing knives nnd tin
ware ana spoons; they shine like new sil
ver. For polishing mirrors, windows,
lamp-chimneys, etc,, ]aper islietter than
dry cloth. Preserves and pickles keep
much better if brown paper instead of
cloth, is tied over the iar. Canned
fruit is not so apt to mould if a piece of
writing paper, cut to fit the can, is laid
directly on the fruit. Paper is much
Udtcr to put under a carpet than straw.
It is wanner, thinner, and makes less
noise when one walks over it.
TREATING. —A party of gentlemen in a
liquor saloon disputing whether the
Aracricau system of not treating was
preferable couldn't sKtle the matter by
talking, and so they went to work, test
ing the matter by practice. First each
man took a drink by himself. After that
each single friend returned the compli
ment And finally each man in the party
—there were six of them—askfd all the
rest to drink. When all that was accom
plished, not a sou] in the room could
tell where the discussion originated, or
what it was alout.
Mr. Parsons, in his lecture on Paris,
tells about a young daughter of the
keeper of the Morgue, who is in the
habit of entering the room where the
dead are lying on the marble-slabs, in
the middle of the night, and passing her
band over the clammy faces to aee if the
jets of cold water, which are kept play
mg upon the bodies, were falling as
t y ought.
Chicago.
The following adventure hapjiened iu
Itath, England, many yeaj-w ago, and the
ladv who narrated it to t ie writer, waa,
in those days, n voiutg girl in the
house. It wa* in the palmy day* of
Hath, when tlmt now fulle|) city'nvalled
London iu brilliancy and disaiputiou
and when all the rich, tlio guy, ami the
high-lairu of England con gregubxl there
iu the season, ami graced the bull* and
usw-mblie*. Mr*. R once the belle
of the court of George tfl., but at thi*
period grndiielly retiring from gener.il
society, jstsseoMxl one of t' e largest of the
old hotiaea, and gave in it entertainments,
which were the most ]Kipular of the
day. She was celebrate J for three things
(oucc for four, but the iourth—her lieau
ty—was of the <luva. gone by): these
thing* were her fascination, her Is-nevo
leuee, aud—a Set of L ie most matchless
and perfect amethyota. Her house con
tuined ta|s*tritxl chai uln-m. The walls
of the one iu which she slept was hung
aroutid with duaign* from heathen my
thology, and the fluest pidw in the room
was that which liuug over her drewiug
table. It represented Fluzbiu driving
the cluiriot of tlio sun. The figures and
homes being lifi-wto, it filled up the
s|ou-e lu'tweeii ths two windows, olid the
horses were com caled Is-hiud the old-
Lishioiied Venetian haikiug-glaas, while
Phwhtu himself, six feet liigL looked
down hv dar nud by uight on his mis
tress at her toileL
On# evening Mr*. 11—— hod an un
usually largo |arty ut home. She wore
all her nuietihysts. On retiring to her
room, about four o'clock in the moruing,
die tM>k off her jewels, laid them on the
table, aud dioniiHscd her weary maid, in
tending to put tliein away heraelf, but
before doing so knelt down, a* usual, to
say her prayer*. While engaged iu her
devotions, it wu* a habit with her to look
upward, and the fare of I'Luehus was
generally her point of sight, a* it were,
and the object *m which her eyes most
eusily mated. Oa th'.* jurtieelar night,
as usual, she raiand Ler eyes to I'hu-bu*.
What does aim Its* Fygiualrm
I" ,-a at work His he filled those dull
silk eyes with vital fire Or ia she
dreaming No. I'oaseoaed naturally of
wonderful court ge and calmness, she
coutiuued to uurt'e her lip* as if in silent
prayer, and never once withdrew her
gaze; aud still the eyes looked down upon
hers. The ligh tof her candles slioue
distinctlv on living orlw. and her good
keen sight enablr'd her, after a cleverly
managetl scrutiny, to see that the tapes
try eyes of Poowna had been cut out,
and that, with her do*r hwked, and every
servant in Ixxl in their distant apartment*,
and all her jewel* spread out before her,
•he was not alone in t tie room. She con
cluded her pravera w,th her fare* mink in
her hand*. We wi well imagine what
those prayer* must Live been. She
knew tliera was some one liehind the
U)>e*try; she kurw that liell# and screams
were equally uwr-leas ami she laid down
in her bed a* ur.nal and waited the issue,
her only omisa.ou L-iug tliat sh<>did m t
put away her jewels. They may save
my life, she said to herself, and she
eloaed her eyes. The clock struck five
before a soub d wa* heard, ami then the
moment arri'.ixL She heard a ruiUe, a
descent from behind the tapeatrv, and a
man stood at her dressing-table. He
took off hi* cunt, aud one by one he se
cured the jewels beneath his waistcoat.
What would lie bis next move Would
it be to the bedside or to the window
He turruxl and approached her bedside
but by tlvnt time she hail seen enough,
and agaiu riosnl frer eye* aud resigned
herself to the Provideuee whose protec
tion she liad be n craving.
Th# man wa* her own coachman. Ap
imrentlr by a brief glance under
hi* dark lantern that he had not disturb
ed her, he rpiieUy unlocked the door and
left her. For two hour*—they mn*t
liave ses-nutl two days—the allowed the
house to remain nnalarmed, her only
movement having luwra trwrelock the
door which her living Phasoua had left
aiar. At seven in the morning #he rang
the Iw-U, and ordered the carriage round
ju*t. after breakfast. All this wa* accord
ing to her usuql habit*. On the l*,x was
the man who hitd cont her a night's rest
and most prohahb all her jewel*. How
ever. *lie drove off she went straight to
the house of n magistrate.
"Seize tuy coachman!" said she se
cure him and search him. 1 have been
robluxL and I hardly think he has had
time to disencntulter himself of the jew
el* be lias taken from me."
Hhe waa obeyed, and she wa* right.
The amethyst* were still about him. ami
he gave himself up without a struggle.
Scarcely any modern structures merit
the epithet of "flreprootdf It has lieen
said on good authoritv that iu the city
of London only one "building—the New
Record Office—really deserves to be call
ed mi. This is bailFof iron und stone,
snd lis* no room Inrger tliiui seventeen
by twenty-five, and seventeen feet high.
S'fme if the rooms jten into others,but a
vaulted (manage, by means of iron doors,
and if the documents in one ap)iartnient
were to take fire, they would bum out
with a* little eflcet on the rest of the edi
fice as if they were coals m a grate. Of
course, buildings intended for trade can
not often be constructed in this way, but
the system might lie in more general use
than it m. The French practice in build
ings is a good one. Instead of nning
flimsy laths for thin partitions, they em
ploy stout pieces of oak, as thick as gar
den puling*. The*# they nail firmly on
each side of the framing of the partition,
mid fill the sjmec between with rabble
and plaster of Paris. Tbey coat the
whole with the plaster. The flo.ir# are
managed in the same way, a* well as the
underside of the stair*. Houses are thus
rendered almost as near "fireproof" as if
built of stone throughout. In Nottin
ham, England, where thev have gyjisuin
in the neigliliorhood.nsin Paris,they form
their floor* and partitions in the same
solid manner consequently a building is
rarelv burnt down in that populous raan
faetnring town.
A Strange Tale.
Fireproof ltnlldiug.
A BATTLE FLAO.— It will be remember
ed that the (term IUIH lost one flag iu the
late war, and that Menntti (iaribnldi took
pains to inform hi* antagonist that it
wan not taken in Imttle, but found
on the field cowered with the ltodica of
ita guard*. Tlie Emperor William lias
preaantod new eolora to the battalion,
on the ground that the loaa was one of
those lnmentable events which are the
result of untoward circumstance*, and
for which 110 one can lie held responsible.
The flag was neither taken by a victorious
enemy, nor abandoned by a discouraged
troop of soldiers its position on the
battlefield, amid the corpses of its brave
defenders, bears honorable testimony to
the character of the men before whom
it was borne until the approach of night
hid it from the eyes of its guardians.
WORKMEN WANTED.— The Chicago pa
pers editorially announce that 500 to 600
additional brick and stone masons can
find employment m Chicago through the
Winter at from four to five dollars a day,
and that 2,000 carpenters can find em
ployment through the Winter at high
wages. In March there will be employ
ment for twice this number in both
trades also, workers in wood and iron,
plumbers, gas-fitters, and all kinds of
metal workers will be wanted.
AY, NOVEMBER 10* 1871.
Gentlemen's Fall Fashion#.
Htriped suits complete in dark neat
imttems ia the lending style for morning
wear. Coat a double-breasted reeling jack
et, buttoning three buttons, medium
bold In pel*, shaped easy to figure, slid
one inch longer titan ln*t season. Waist
coat, single-breasted Newmarket, Imt
toned one or two buttons at option, well
cut away in front, long in tlie waist,
*hort aki'rt, good-sized flip* on the hips,
edges double-wtitehed, and striped but
ton* to match the good*. Waistcoat
double-brew* U*l Eugliah meltons, in
black, blue aud Oxford, are taking the
plaee Komewlmt of the diagonals so long
worn, ami there are some new styles of
the basket, honeycomb ami uuttted
weaves in black ami blue. Diagonals, 1
Uowaver, are still fashionable, ami some
very pretty new patt. ru* are introduced.
The Prince of Wales frock is the coat!
most favored of three gouda cut medi-:
ntu length in the waist and rather longer
in the skirt than formerly, to but bin
three bullous lupeln fncd grenadine,
barathea silk, or bouud with ilucape or
ribbon binding; side elgna on the skirts,
and fancy silk twist buttons. Waist-j
coat, double-breasted, lapel* sewn ou,
binding and buttons to match the coat.
Ktripes or the prevailing style for
trousers, quiet pot terns in dark eoloix
being preferred. Souin very handsome
goml* with silk mixed stripe* of rich col
oring are among the best of the seaaon.
Trousers are worn wider in the legs, still
maintaining the full wide bottom, and
having a straight appearance. Fancy
Berlin waistcoats iu ongiual patterna are
amoug the novelties of the season, and
are becoming very fashionable, cut
double-breasted, b mud with fancy du
ospe binding aud silk twist buttons.
Heme, Wife, ami Saturday Night.
Happy ia the mau who haa a little
home aud a little angel in it, of aHatur
'lay nigiit. A houae, no mattar how lit
tle, provided it will hold two or ao- no
matter how humbly furnished, provided
there is hops in it; let the winds blow
close the curtains. What if they are
plain calico, without border, taaee], or
any such thing Let tbe rain come
down, heap up the fire. No matter if
yon haven't a candle to bleaa yourself
with, for what a beautiful light glowing
coal mokes, rendering cloudless, shed
ding a sunset through the room; just
light enough to talk by, not loud, in
the highways nor rapid, aa in tire hurry
ing world, but softly, Jowly, whisper
ingly, with pauses" between, for the
Htorm without and tfie thought* within
t fill up with. Then wheel the sofa
around by the fire no matter 'if th#
sofa ia settee, uncuahioned at that, if
so lie it is juat loug enough for two and
a half in iL How sweetly the music
silver bells from the time to eotne fall* on
th# lisleuuig h#art then. How mourn
fully swell the clumea of the days
Hist are no more." Under such circuin j
stauoea, and at such a time, one can get
at least sixty-nine aud a half miles n-*>
er "kingdom come," than any other
uoiut in tin* world laid down in Malte
Bran." May lie you may smile at this
picture; but there is a secret between
us, viz.: it ia a copv of a picture rufidely
done, but true as tit# lVutateueh of an
original in every human heart.
Leading the Jew* Back to Patretin#.
An ambitious project has been formed
bv a small knot of rabbi# at Frankfort,
viz., to lewd the scattered children of
Israel back to Palestine, and to osteb
liali a Jewish kingdom there once more.
Invitations to join the project have been
printed in great numbers, and are by
this time circulating among th# numer
ous members pf th# ancient race Ui rough
ont tiormany and, if we tnsy credit the
report of newspapers friendly to Judaism,
influential moucved men iu the old im
perial capital—til# headquarters of Ger
man Jews —have given it their anbatan
ti&l support. The originator# endeavor
to prove that the undertaking is by no
means as impracticable as it at first sight
seems, and remind their fellow-creed#-
men that it ia what they pray far—if
they pray at all—three or four times
every day—viz., in the "Hhemoneh
F. reoh," in their noon and evening, and,
in fact, in every prayer sanctioned by
their law. Moreover, th#y interpret the
Bible jiaaaagc. Return to me and I will
return to yon," as meaning literally that
on the Jews returning to Jerusalem thr
liord, and with Him power and prosper
ity, will return to them.
Nkw Y'orz Hotw. Ewrwirzics.—The
porter# and chamliermaid# of New York
hotels are Irish, but the waiter# and
cooks are French and Germans and murt
lie thoroughly qualified hands Tlicy are
aelilom jmid less than 830 per month,
while in the kitchen department the sala
ries ore as follow# Head cook. 8150 per
month; aerond assistant. 8130 per
month third assistant, 8100 per month
fourth assistant, 870 per month sculli
ons and other hoods, 830 to 800 per
month. Besides thi* the loss from break
age* of crockery, and injuries to furni
ttire and in other ways is a lnrge item of
expense. In most hotel* a large extra
stock of all the article* in daily use is
kept on hand to replace those that ore
broken or defaced, while oue or two nnv
ehanie* are kept constantly employed
making repairs.
Ax Esprit.-The president of one of
the leading western road*, who resides s
hundred mile* out of Chicago, wn* vis
iting in Hartford, Ct, when the fire oc
curred. He started from New Y'ork on
Monday evening, when ia the same train
he found three ears full of rnffianr and
burglars, 1 mmid for Chicago, who alt
paid their fares and behaved themselves
so quietly, that the conductor could not
eject them. Yet ho and the president
snd the police knew what class of char
acters they were. On reaching Albany
the president telegraphed General Sher
idan of the fact, and requested s tele
gram at Cincinnati orat a point this side
of Chicago. The General telegraphed
that be had five thousand troop# and
could Hofelyjirntcct all inhabitants and
property. Thi# telegram was read aloud
in the train, and most of the rowdica
got off before reaching Chicago.
REIUTED CURE FOB SNAKE BITER.—
Mr. Hetiodoro Ruiz, of Opin in (Colom
bia (New Granada.) reports to his gov
ernment the successful treatment of
snake bites by cauterisation. That
country abounds in veuotuous snakes,
and their bites are quite frequent. In
all. this gentleman bad treated some
seventy cases. His method is to drop
melted sealing-wax on all the fang
innrks, and he looks upen the result as
due not so much to tlie cauterant action
of the hot wax as to the complete exclu
sion of the air which the adhesion of the
wax secures. At first the wax was given
internally as well as applied to the
wound, but that part of the treatment
has since been abandoned as useless.
Unprotected female (awaking old gent
who is not verv well)—"Oh, Mister,
would you find the Captain I'm sure
we're in danger. I've been watching
that man at the wheel; ho keeps turn
ing it round, first one way and then the
other, and evidently doesen't know his
•wn mind."
The rage for tortoise-shell jewelry has
so increased that it is feared the dav will
shortly come when no more will the
voice of the turtle be heard in the laud,
A Narrow Escape.
A correspondent writes from Michi
gan A thrilling incident and miracn
i lons aanaasz from death was in the case of
the family of five children of Mr. Wil
liam M tun, of Rock Creek. When the
mother saw that they murt leave their
home, after fighting the Are all day, abe
told tint children (five in number), to go
to the lake ami she would follow aa noon
ns she had gathered Up a few article* to
fake with her. Tbey reached the lake
just in time to he taken into a fishing
l*at, which three net {hbors were about
to shove off in. The mother in the'
mean time had gathered tip what she 1
could carry, and started for the lake, i
but found the road which her children
had taken so full of smoke and fire and
falliug tn*e, tliat she took another conrwe
through the wood*, coming out at anme
distance above where the children had.
Hlie knew not whether her [wta had paus
ed through the fiery onleal safely or not.
Bb# naturally feared the worst, but final
ly heard they had been token off by the
boat.
Her* commences the romantic and
thrilling part of the atonr. There was
not an oar or sweep ou board a piece
of Itoard waa all they bad to control the
j boat with. For aoiue time the boat rode
gently upon the water, all the time work
ing a little out from hore, although
thev did not realize, on account of the
.len iity of the smoke, how far they were
getting from shore. They presumed they
jC.uld easily return at their pleasure.
It soou Ixx-ame jppar.-ut, on account
of the rough nea* of the lake, that they
were rapidly drifting into the lake, and
they made all the efforts they poasitde
could to guide their unwiekiy eraft back
toward the shore. Hour after hour they
iulMjred, hut all waa in vain. Tbey knew
that if they continued to drift, death waa
almost sure. AH were in the greatest
drepair.
'Hie oldest of the children, a girl of
eleven summer*, was the bravest of the
i lot Khc held the baby almost constantly
during that terrible trip. On they weui
tbe waves frequently breaking over them
—of course all w ere wet aud odd. Night
•ameon with Egyptian darkness. After
weary and long, long hours of suffering,
<by break was joyously hailed. Tbey
were now beyond the auoke of the
I turning forest* They were sure they
vrouhl soon Itaii some' veaaeL All day
long they looked, until darkness again
net in without seeing a sail At abont
two o'clock in th<- morning of the third
day out, one of Mr*. Mann's children, a
boy of three summers, died from hunger
and exposure when it died it was lying
in the Imttom of the boat with water balf
over its little bodv. Tbe little eleven
years old girl said she wanted the men
in the boat to put it on the bedding, but
thev would not, and she was too weak
aud was holding the baby, and could not
do it. Tbe children did not cry much on
the last day, aa all were nearly exhausted.
Finally, after three <lsy* and nights, tbey
were drifted on shore at Kincardine,
Out,where their want* were speedily at
tended to, and from three sent to Fort
Hnron.
During these three days, the reader
can imagine the mother's feelings.
Everylwidy that knew ol tbe circatn-
Ktruioe# supposed of course tlrev had gone
to the lad torn of the lake. Tire mother
came into Port Huron, and at once want
to the relief rooms. After making her
self known, and liewailing the fate of
her children in piteous aohs and moons
(she had supposed them all dead till this
moment), Mra Fred Wells, the Secretary
of the Relief Association, told her her
children were here, well and apparently
happy. I cannot picture the acene.
"On! is it so? is it ao?" "God Mean
their little bewrta F* Where are th#y
Tuk# me to them at once!" Mm.
Wells informed h-c they were near by,
and she would take her there at once.
Another and more painful port of the
story was yet to be told Mra. Maun.
How to do thi# was a query, oil the liuties
in the room dreaded to break the dread
ful tilling* to her. At last Mrs. Mann
liegan to ask ber how Emma was, and
then the next one. Finally she asked
how little Charley was? No one an
swered for a moment. 18he -looked up
and saw at once all was not right. "la
he dead is be dead and commenced
weeping as only a fond and loving moth
er con. for th# lom of her boy.
Ladle* IT raring Apparel.
A New York fashion Journal mra
Cloth paletot# are so convenient and
jaunty that they will remain in favor.
They*are also moat reasonable in pric#.
Among those imported from Berlin are
fine cloth jackets, slashed, and ia Gothic
points, with velvet collar and cuffs, mad#
in the best manner and aokl for §lB or
HO. Ot hers of coarser doth, though all
wool, trim mod with fringe and velvet pip
ing#, cost from 815 to 818.
I'ounon's blue-black velvet, three
fourths of a yard wide, is the quality
fouud most available for this Mason's
garments. It costs from 111 to 815 a
yard The double eapea of velvet are
"much less expensive than polamiisea,
are graceful ami stylish-looking, with the
advantage, in addition, of not cutting
th# velvet in amsll pieces. A pretty vet
vet Inverness, with gimp and fringe, is
sold for 875 a double cape, or a aacquc
with cape, for 835. Ladies who have
velvet basqneins, or loom aacquc# mail#
two or three years ngo, are modernizing
them by adding a large talma, open only
half-way up the back, and thus conceal
ing that part of the velvet that has lost
its lustre or become worn.
Rright and warm jacket* for the house
are mude of fianuel cloth of two or three
red shades, scarlet, ehrrry, or crimaon,
braided with white worsted eurled braid
in Gothic patterns, and fringed or scal
lo>ed. White flaunel cloth is braided
with bine or scarlet, ldue with white,
and black with white or blue. The col
lar, cuffs, and breast pockets are pointed
in Gothic fashion. Price #lO.
The most comfortable garment for
midwinter is a fur cloak. Heal will be
most worn this year, and the shape is a
loose double-breasted saecrne, bordered
with a sea-otter or with Wver. The
small round muff must be bordered also.
Astrakhan cloaks are given a new effect
by borders of another skin, such ss fur
seal or that of the Persian lamb. Those
are in fitted jacket*, slashed in cash seam,
and cost from #9O to #l2O.
SYSTEMATIKINCI MENTAL LABOR. —AS a
marvellous instance of what one man
may achieve by doing systematically and
thoroughly whatever he undertaken, we
can not do better than consider the life
of Alexander von Humboldt. There
was no part of tlie world he had not
visited, and he bail been nowhere with
out acquiring the most exact knowledge
of the whole country, its geology, its
animal life, its botany, all its physical
characteristics, as well as the language,
habits, customs, laws, religion, and his
tory of its people. He led this life till
he was ninety years of age, and even
then no fact, in any part of the world,
that had any bearing on scientific truth
escaped his notice. His mind was a
museum, where all the knowledge that
had been brought into the world was
placed in order, carcfullv guarded, and
always ready for use. We are not wrong
in attributing the boundless learning ana
prodigious memory of thifc great man to
his habit of his mental
labor, and to his power of self-concen
tration and to his belief in the wisdom
Of God. Seieritijlc American.
A capital business—Lending money.
TERMS Two Dollar* a Year, in Advance.
CMeac*
Rlarkotted Mid biMdlSf, bolpleaa, |lMa|,
On troyb*bU of W iluHmd
throne
14m ab who Wood bat ymrtorday stoat*.
uuMd of Wrot Iby mwa eaehentor tTHifht
r To lift the gtovy a# A)*d4t' ooatt,
i Then IOM> ttsa apeli all that wonder
wrouxhl.
!r js„ bar own prairtae by some skenea need
•own,
IJkm bar own iwnirww (a am totof day grown,
LtiU- bar own prslrtoa in am ftarn night mown, j
Mia lift* bar raim, and in bar pleading call
11 W. hoar the <wy <f Marodua to Paal
The cry for fori p nul— In kin to ifl.
Bat haply wHb wan flng*re iay aha IM
IV aUvar mj Hid in tit* |r4!'-r4 meal—
Th* gift* bar kinship and Mir tore* r*twL
October lA, WTI. By Br Bar*.
Fact* and Fanetea.
Tito world ia like t rood toil) which
to ma iiuwwaantiy and ianvwa no dboitsr
bat to sink ar aiiab,
A Tenncaacan, wbo i* already biiud of
one ye, hm b#m obliged to hare bin
tooth extracted to save IV other ow.
Many young ladim an* aoenaod of
wearing their etigngemoot ring* ia their
I pocket* except when be" in around.
It ia aaid that the three hardmt womb
jof the English language to pronounce,
•xmaecutirelj, are—" Iw mintakeo.
It in aweet to hare friends you am
I trust, nod convenient sometimes to bur*
I friends who sre not afraid to trust yon.
Wbee I am a ana's nau*
Hcratcb'd apoa a gtans.
1 know h* owwa diamond.
And hi* Alto own* an mm.
A Vermont contemporary is in favor of
keeping bens, for the reason that essay
kernel of grain they eat they give a
i peck.
A eover-lid knit of abeli-work pattern
was recently exhibited at s fair in Mine,
that contained 786,340 rtttehm, aU knit
by hand.
The average wage# tor laborers in the
Chicago mine are |L7S per day for
teams. §4.50; for carpenter*, §8 to
83.50 brick layers. §3 to 83.35.
Young ladies declare that thin season's 1
bonnets are "perfectly lovely." Their
shape is something indescribable; they 1
become moat girls, and cost outrageous-

It is claimed that whan the aeornaary
works are completed coal can be mined
iin Alaska, and delivered at Ban Frati- i
ciaeo at a cost of from 85.63 to 86 per'
j ton,
In northern lowa, notwithstanding the
ravages of the potato bog at tbe begin- 1
ning of tbe season, potatoes have not
lieen ao large or plentiful for years as at
present. They are selling at twenty-five
cents s bushel.
The prize of the Cleveland County
(Tenn.) Fair for the bead batter exhibit- I
j ed, arms awarded to Mrs. Patterson, who i
was mistress of the While' House dor-j I
ing tbe administration of her father, ex- 4
i President Johnson,
A lady taaohar in an lowa achod made a
a boy stand up ami show how he kiaaed
1 tbe fog girls in tbe woodshed, in hopes
that he would abed tears and promise to i
do ao no more, all tbe bova are leaving I
the other schools now, ana going to Ibis.
tody teacher.
A witty clergyman, accosted by an J
old acouaintance by the name of Cobb,
replied: "I don t k(">W Too. air."
My name is Cobb," rejoined the man,
who was about half nms over. "Ah,
sir," said the minister, "TOO have ao
much corn on yon that I did not aee the
cob." 4
It is said that a number of Preach
soldiers, who were taken prisoners w
the Germans and afterwards escaped,
are now htrking in the forests of Ore- t
many, and that many of them have form-
ed themselves into regular bands of ont-
laws, who ettbetrt by robbery and dep f
rvdatiou.
A Chicago young lady writes to her
lover postponing the wedding a year,
and remarks that be would be surmised
to aee her after tbe fire, bom which she j
emerged with a wardrobe consisting of
a pair of pantaloons, one slipper, and a
water-proof. After thgt antt tbe youth t
failed to press his. He, too, is a Chicago j
sufferer.
1111 'IM I
Pendens nd to Wham Paid.
The billowing facts in rdstion to tbe 1
pension system have been compiled from J
data prepared for the support of the
Commissioner of Pension*:
"Tbe aggregate annual amount of
pensions <>i widows and dependent rvla- t
fives upon Uie roll June 30, 1871, was
less than on the 30th of June, 1870.
This was owing to the lessening of indi- c
vicinal pension* by minors reaching the
age of sixteen years. There were 57,698
Revolutionary aokliera pensioned for aer- J
vices, 11.808 soldiers of the Mexican war,
and 103,791 soldiers of the war of 1
1861-5 pensioned as invalids. It is 5
thought that the annual expenditures
for pensions for other than the latter
class have nearly reached their maxi
mum, and that during the next tea years
they will gradually and materially de- f
creese." I
The following is a correct statement,
compiled with great caw in the Fenaaon
Office, of the total number of soldier*
serving in the wars, Ac., in which the
nation has engaged in sine* 1775. It
will appear in the forthcoming report of
the Comuiiamoner of Pension*:
ftnMtrf* of Uw War oTtbr BeveiMtaa ITASto
UohtMraorta* Warat lsta.. M M7.SSI
loUlm of use Snalßtb War of WIT Mil
Nuldkroof ta* Btaok Haw* Warsf tttl.... S.Stl
ftatdiera of UM PtorlOa Waret MM to MSI.. ,fS
ttotdtora of tit# CVwak AwufUaaro aC ltW
ttddtiroat Uwt .cmta-weatara AfaMrtiaacoa
ofisae iws
UoUUara a* th# rowaCry Staturft
inm ol ISST S^W
SoUlm of Oft Tor* ttoattar JUtart.
aaoaa. aaS af to# (WaaAlaa rrtwlltcn. UM I.MS
Boldler- of tho Maskari War of IMS. MIStS
BoUUr* of tto War of test
A RKMABXABUI CAUB.— The Syracttaa
fburwr tolls a remarkable stogy of som
nambulism. A tew days ago a lady Irv
ing hi Ouftndaga South Hollow, dreamt
that her tether was ill at Hastings, Oswe
go County, and needed her. She rose,
dressed lierself, and atortod on teot far
Liverpool, there to take the ears for
Hasting*. She reached the town a lit
tle after daylight, and stopped at the
house of MJ*. Fay, a justice of the peace,
having been asleep sdl the time. The
story does not bear great evidence of be
ing true, for somnambulists rarefy, if
ever, remember the dreams which make
them walk.
JTh* Mtey'** w iiunjK£auojc
Oar r*adn m racaiv* tto IntaraaUaa sad vaWvl Uwt*
lKk. ixwt paid. to Mfttomc on* ftt*s# (lamp to the
dootar.!
CATARRH.
ftoKFrons.—ln the early stages of the dis
ease the patient may be annoyed with only
a alight dropping in tha throat," aa many
express it, tee amount of discharge from tee
air passage* of the head at this stags of tbe
disease being only slightly in excess of health
In some case* the discharge to thick, ropy and
tough, requiring frequent and strong effort to
tee way of hawking, blowing and spitting to
remove it from tbe throat, where it frequently
lodge*. In other cases, or in other stages of
the same case, the dtoharge to thin, watery,
acrid, irritating and profuse The nose may
be stopped np from tee swollened and thick
ened condition <8 the lining mnoons mem
brane, ao as to neoeaaitate respiration, through
the month, giving to the voles a disagreeable
nasal twang. The disease sometimes assumes
a dry form, there being venr little or no dis
cbarge. Is some cases the patient antes*
from headache a great portion of tee time* or
Amy experience dell, Heavy. dfangveeahte
(alinwaar mon to the fowl, wUltranfe.
Mwu, which WMtw* IM guile
unit few tiwgnms, cvMelsffy eatfe M miuirsa
dmp thought sod ZmJ ktor KcJ
trey be awn. w MaaMtod, and the dispcv
-Itkmof tedaia uthcrvW amWdTi
oftwi rendered |rriifth}, c* nmnan and dm
j poodsnt Th awnW iirttMin mflw to such
1 I* amuscaawM to wait InfimMto.
The antas of smell la la n*t mm iKiMlrwi
(in 4 afciM ftftrif Hirr iCMitfi, nC
taiMk and heartn* aisv twmwr'wlawaifcntsd.
Tha MHawtkm whlefc k throws out in toe
mar# advanced atess of C%MMrio ftdarrii ke<
irrm#* itfiAi fit! Slftlimlllit :alwi tw4fi(hf'4M ii-stj
mm mm N W ~m AAWAWA FLWV-
It prodaoas arrwe Irrttniticw and taffauamattou
crli kh an (toUewad by evendatieii and uk-,*
t ton of the dallmts lifting nMnliM of tha
air psMufm In the bead, A* the tikwrsttM
asta Its way up among the md) tunea the
dischsfge gaaerally bseiwaia (oufbH ami oftsa
•tcewirely fetid, rajtrina the dwgnrat aw of
Hi# list cik TTWfffirF the pcMif wtt§
wflk mh<m lit AAMMMfifellS, IWM|| loUfk 4
hmwmk&i mt liiMPflsfSfsl ItittpiL,
5 Hf mwy Wmm In tKm hmd bf i>t
wMp&rmm nf tiit wUetf pftrtim ft! dto
iWMßiv Tbmf lampt iff MMNMOMI i®
U timl it k with pt mmlit tlmt
Üb#t ens bt rtmrr4- 'Tiiiy are (musllv 1 di<
4 rhaigsd *vary day or two, wt only to be sac
ossdad kg aaatbar amp. It ia |Matnfitly nn
piMMwat to witwosi the mvapa of ttih Natfe>
t Ma dhwaas, and ohasrva the extent to which
it Mmettmaa programs. Hoist ate eaten
Utiough the roof of the aroatb, sod great eavb
Uot exmvatsd into the sotM boasa of the 'fees,
i and in sarit mm only tha beat and moat
thorough treatment, bath tonal, nod OMMdita
ficmaJ, wOl ciieek lbs pragiaai and feud
riiismlkm af tib# dhMMKft.
Ottljf A ANT ®f IFEI! S®#|pit ftonflMHr of
i UmtM vhtuk I lisf o oo cooifflwioi io
tbe 4Mk*mt Ktofos of OHterrb will bo tlkdy
to 'b# Maifeitevl si- fflfm* 1 tf oltvirlr 0000*
Al'tluntgii they are all MMmto^dsao
i'i t f .'l ii■ ha .ifi c. #Hbawlt dddr httj^lßg
awawntud.
Ao ttw ifiiiwiw fowipnwMOi, ov ftwfoeiitif |o
1 Its osrffer KtagM, the 'throatis apt to bacrißM
1 .sfleriedi. It biMnames 4$y t ■ote or nv, or
•tiMMod *ltb fovjr wmtU oJnen, wbldb, OOMXIII
h tbroogb tbe aoootti, Imik Hbe
i or 4 oMike r mwm t 0 for wbldb Ibey oto often
mtemkm Tbe Yofoe mftjr be owwe or lon# •I
tbeOtoi( eopedoilf on enoooos*w to ootdi cie or or*
WMrtfoWp mhl o birrbfrtf le Ti^f
eiftfiitlii to tbe Ibrpwr,
bf tbe mmr proovMiof tbebr^Midblel

fetifi ill TO IT I ftfcv-
DW in tii# rhmt with tMflkoltf m
Iboeejir pobiy
beOOOM
yif-t|yslow* JN9t Tftf*,.
to tbe gmrm,.
fWATWIBIf or
met. Tbhfeths M OBaMMB-aaasa." ar mttonal
■nmay Aga fwasi wja la diawi, fwjsgtf l l j#;f m gm
WMW AA 1 1 W* VDFEMBF £S9. DTIFE WSLU' FJIDMUIAPSF FEJTOH *W
reel cemr of Oniynrrb bi. So t fi# eeelortOf *"if
mretr AOHeboeeeey
fedhv onadittoa af the lystma, which ia vitro
I tbe ci-ooiv OBuf tbe
a*
oor cbief eiie ysnmrt be dtow'tNedi to tbe twooreel
fEeeeee, tbe move do 1 .Obe beeper*
tenor mammitf of com Mi Jog, oritii the tew
of e toeel iMwi.l3.tllo end! beifottr o
1 jnti'i'iiel me of bbMM3 fleet
fltioiiftbeoloe IT we wotifeS AWBSfIK*
fuilr treel tbe 4kmm.
T* 1 FTFW 'I L.|| F GX...... g,RMV LIIN aian I'L'IOIIRR feharo aßfiro
A* looy epiHKieKafMi w in® 010*
oirod eoudittaa ia 'UM head,
MU ItAOS'fl sSHMif
ew 'tikcorrroA, mi |Semas2
tm*. wo or pfliii etwi eon*
other MiflOflU^Minctedimiteemibipb enfl
wbee
ufterlkbee, Ufoe wtbidb le
1 Iff the odoibiitetkei of flelt|Be tv% 'inlpbnfr
cbflMPcioel, tbe lottrodbflede em flSwpSe bet fbe
praioct of tbetr wMnfobflfltlow In woodbsriNil le
lie eibrie. It le je 1 wetftfl ewtiee|®tic,. eii'it
ipmdiljr dmtrof* ell ml wnett wbkb name*
pneiee eo mwiy omee. Hme efontMnp
amlbri to Iboefl bo Mier in thu wny, H
inctite to the
Cbrocik Coterrb. Iti wißittwii'ttr,
fettiiiiny ars'l besltog leowifffleii em Irtily
—.A MI UF,, I SGST _ _ A M INRH DBWIDTIIIS ATAWWA#
wvmmci im, i lie 1 jet Aix 33 rw.fttt9sjr ww.iii' Pis^-uwi
IKM M %_ J-Jf
tm oy toe on m
ne. mnoi i SAJuut noixnot,
wbidb eerriee II blub op end efufi-fiee it to ell
perls of tbe sSorted oseel effel tbe
chembete end mr siire cwnmm&arttem there*
with. Throt or fear packagro af the Iferocdy
ascd wfth this instruotcat—whfeh to sold by
•truggista at sixty r*mta—wf|] da aiwia
W bik ths Catanh Staaasdy is heftag assd to
eally, wc mast net atfSi'ftrt to carwt tha aon
stituttoAsi fault upon which toe dtoaast grn
crsUy 'depends, ar the Oatarvh, If lawvad sA
all, to very apt to tower itself agate open
slight x|muv. If it AMI not, the waaknasa
or hutuof oasy msalfeat Its presence by devto
oyiag dtoaase ef the langs, Mvsr, haaro ar
other organ# or structures. Pur this isnawa.
ia partem tar. the irodar roast mm ths (vest
importance <4 patifetec sad ragutetieg ths
system and buildtag ap tea atrongth to a
hoaltey standard at the mine time that the
dtoeaee ia the head to itaaled by tha aro
of Ife. ftoge'a Oatarvh Bemrdy. Kot only wiO
the cars be 'thus awra aaieiy, speedily acd
permanently effected. Nat yoa thereby .gasid
agaiaet other fonas of dtosew braakteg aa* as
the molt of humors te tbe Mood or ooaalita-
For thto pororoe I have dtowvered IM|
Mae teat will, 'bettor than any other, e*>
onrapitoh the oWort eonght. To detognate
thto wooderfal mttohftM, I have aasaod It
Da. PtnMs'a Au. Ex*., oa Gotaas Manwa*
ItoaoovaaT.
No other alterative or Mood cfaanacr, and
ao other pectoral, or throat, bronchial or htng
medicine ahoukl ever btnaed with Dr. Sage's
Catarrh Remedy aa none other to so weO cal
culated to work te harmony with, and aarist
It ia its operation*.
Many Mood and osagh modiotew have a
trodrocy to intwfero with the effetoa of Dr.
Sage's Catarrh They tofeuM not
MT UOIMS MamcsL DaHuvmn nva* XAWKAI.
amr-MATx oe l>a. Sana's Cxviiama li
--anv. it not onlv cieaaws, putiflaa, regu
lates and builds up tea system to a healthy
itttndaid. and oanquem throat. Iwtaichial and
lung complication# when any such exist, but
feoro Ita specific dfecta npon the Iteing mem
brane of the nasal jwroagia it aids matrrislly
In restoring the diseased, thickened or atoera
ted membrane to a healthy condition, and
thus eimikating the disease. When a CUT©
to effected to this manner it to permanent
Indeed vert few casroof Catarrh can be
cured at all by the use of local applications
only. A thorough course of altotative and
took treatment must be used with Dr. Sage's
Catarrh Remedy, If you woatd derive the
greatest amount of benefit. This will require
tbe use of tram six to twelve bottles of my
Golden Medical Dfeoovery.
Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy effects euros
upon "common-arose," rational and scientific
principles, tor ita mikl. soothing and healing
properties, to which the disease gradually
viekia, when the svstem has been put In per
fect order by the use of my Golden Medical
Discovery. Thto to the cmlv perfectly safe,
scientific and successful mode of acting upon
and hfttog It.
Scarcely a mall arrive* thai does not bring
me new testimony of euros effected by the
treatment which 1 here recommend. The
best evidence of what MI he done ia tee
treatment of anv disease to to be found in tbe
prof snoeem of the treatment to be employed.
An old proverb my*, "what he* fern done may
be done again." In view of them facta, and
knowing that /Aro* rorai ttoaasndi of <to worto
earn qf CbferrA, aad hem
CmMdhr In good Mih! B6ooßeward fwa
esse of Catarrh which 1 oannot cure. I claim
that I oam ocas an aro svwr cam or IT i*
m Dtaacnom aax ramtrcu-v soukowro. Why
then trifle with thto disease, raaderf Why
put off tbe use of tee sure means of cure
which I offer? Do you not know that "pre
crastinatkm to the thief of time?" Why try
to make light of it by thinking that it to only
Catarrh Do vou not know that etmmmpMm
ami inmuta ar* mmm§ to/rsysmf rendto, and
that thereby SHUMMI *f gram mt filled t Do I
speak strongly? Can I speak too strongly?
why disgust your Mends and sasoctetea with
the offensive odor of year breath, or by your
constant hawking, Mowing and spitting,
when relief Se ao easily and cheaply obtained T
b it not a duty teat you- owe to others as
well as yourself to get rid of this disgusting
complaint f Do not think thto the dtoeaee
will in time wear out On tee contrary, it
will, unless cured, wear you out Do not
think that you cannot he cured,- 7*# MVM
mom, and merited stow it nrapremw. Many
forms of disease, which would once have been
entirely incurable with tee -means teen
known, are, in the light of mote recent dis
coveries to medicine, my toady eurtd.
Dm. PJIXCK S Mmnmas tmxa
awn iritermnu, tee Catarrh Remedy or
Nasal Douche will be seat hy mail, port-paid,
on receipt of sixty cents.
R. V. HERCI, M. D„
fiolo Proprietor, N. Y.
NO. 44.