ana
nterasl Revioao tas s, exon those on liquora and
tobe.
ee


weage, he asid, bad been violated In this case. It was usuul
to perinit the minority to select their own representa
tives upon a committee, but this committee had been
cooked up in a Fopebiien caucus, and the name of the
Assoon ag thie Yl a wae TA 1 there was much ex
sitement amd coo C0 Ves Dawes, Farnsworth,
Maynard, K ley, oan, Con, Holtwan, Voorhees, and
twenty others, snr wer Ie their feet at once, Bome
ebouted, “Mi. Nad Ct ald others app aled to Mr.
rlarkweather (0 coo escladion Motions to refer
and to lay on the t vic ver ade, and in the midst of
the din could 1 Lent 1s vhevpressjons as these Tunt
fncindes the bank tux. Wadify your resolution,
Leave 10 statps, and UI vote with youn,” “Let the
YiLw and Mans Committee yeport ou Ih”
I one Democrat that was to be allowed on the committeo
JT beticr ¢Jjourn,” “let's put it through,”
vp wM for the Yous and Nays" Mr. Kellogs
sedifted is resalntion £0 as to confine it to the repeal of
1.~ meome tay, and incisted on a vote. This was met hy
a wotion to adyc rn, which was carried, Yeas 109, Nays
a, and which fas the eficct to postpone the furt her con
wderation of (le resolution wutil Monday, Jamury 8, tho
day on which Consiess reassembles after the recess.
The vote eany be tract ds a fair test of the strength of
the parties ‘or and against repeal. All the
aembers who have not definitely made wp
ther minds on the question voted tw
adourn, in pdr to posipone the troublesome decision,
wnd with thers nany who favor the fmmediate aboli
£m of the tax. hut who prefeited to show th Ways and
Means Commi oo the courtesy of allowing them time
to report upon toe question, It was obvious, however,
freon the temper of the House, that the friends of repeal,
if they sneeecd ot all, will have to overcoine a very nu
erons and dete rmmed opposition.

REGULAL REPORT OF PROCEEDINGS,
SENATE CL WASHINGTON, Dec. 18, 1571
senator Fivron (Rep, No Y)) presented a
weooral of The New-York salt manufacturers, contro
ve ng the statements in the numerons petitions lately
prowented for a repeal of the duty on salt. (Memorial
po shed in Thy TRIBUNE on Monday.)
vr SUMNER (Rep, Mass) presented a memorial of
1 IL London of New-York for the establishment of an
Exchequer of the United States,” Mr. Sumner said
tha. hie Lad no opinion to oXpross on the merits of the
schicme, but that it was sust.aned by reasoning in favor
©f <pecre pay ments, ond to that extent had his sympathy.
Bis were introdaced and referred as follows:
Mi FENTON (Kop. N Y.)—-Apprornating S200, 0 for the repase
went of the dates oo lected on Rassian hemp since Aug. 3, 1871, in excess
the rate levied snd pod on Manila Lemp,
Mr. WILSON (10; Mass j—To discontinue in the military service
oe crades fEr al weart Compr Artifeer, Company Wagoner,
auc Quartermaster sergeant, snd proviciog that enlisted men mav epost
Seis say ots wil Ass Parnas or uot to be (rawn uutil tuey die or
RL Ta j
Mr LEWIS (Rei Va i—A enling the Bankruptcy act.
Mr APENC RR Jiri Ak j—U rating lauds to the Decatar and Aber.
deen Railroa! Conpann,
Mr POMEROY (Le), Ksusas)—Setting aside a ceriain tract of land
near tie lai waters of tue Ye loanicne River as a public park.
Mr. HOWE (te, Wie) —To cuvoarage the laying of ocean t egeaph
su ma, an to seente the saoe for the use of the United Mates, Ree
tr sl Coun er ok Foregm Relations
MO NIEWART (Kop, Nev.) Amending the act of Julv 10564 for the
2 aponad of cons ards and toWu prope: iy Lote DU AC Guidi.
Me CORBET (le, or egor)= Granting lad to aid in the construe:
Cop ot the Veit od Bal os end salt Lebe Lalrosd
Veo abl tote itet specie paviments. It proviies that each Na.
cord) Wank she) onthe Ist of July 1RIZ. have on hand at least thice
je tn gol ot of Me agriees co unout of notes 1D Circuito
er Tahir tease the AoLnt of Gok coin 02 hand three per ee ctu every
st uonha tol ist 10T1 making then 10 per centum. tnd there
er ab ke pis reseeve in gold coin, in-tead ot legal tener notes to
row of ts poreante amount of Boles i cuculatiot. bad ou lie
TF NI YORK CUSTOM MOUSE ABUSES.
Mr. CONKRLING (lier. No XY.) ollcred tae following
(ean de and Tsong
oar 1° as wer declare fin tie Senate that ot the port of New.
York thet 14 n cine! hy the Veen the Ur tel Nato,
the natie of Jt tee eal OU ler bas ues, a Duuscteus abuse
er eb orctets nhc. wher as toe folloa me etatatpont hes heen
pv 4 tod i te preantie sete forth Mr Schurz's state
Vo ai leet dof thet foe ob ler Business)” and the
CeTlous WET W fu ius hon agaiuet the protocts of the ruere
feof Nes ors ats ih wish of toe tecretary of Abe Treasur) j=
it bore
LA That Canoritiee on levestigat’on and Retrerchment he
cometed te gure into che matter, ful aud part culariv, wlether any
lun0 oT TT «colnet pn wh such Pus sess evsis on the part of
hoor of toe Lote! states, 00d ht sal, Committers turthor ingmre
ae Lot aus peracs mean ofice in the Castor House 10 New-York Las
eo. or e Rnowy by bos sojenor officers to be guilty of bribery, or of
thee og Liem 0 00 0 Ler crimes 80d wisdemeanors, avd sad Comite
crebv ont o taper d for peisons apd papers.
Mr. CONKLING said he preferred to let the resolution
Looover until ta Commnttee shall Lave been appointed.
EYVIVAL oF THE KRTUINCHMINT COMMITTLE,
Mr. ANTHONY (Rep, K. 1) offered a resolution for
Ne apperatment of the lobo sing Committee on Investi
rotion and Retro nelowent: Messrs, Boekingham, Pratt,
Howe, Harlan, Stewart, “oct, and Bayard,
Mr. SUMNER 1 ask the Senator who offered that reso
non to state whether toere gre named as members of
this Comnmnitioe any of the Segutors who brought forward
tis incary, and especially urged it upon the Senate.
MP ANTHONY-=1he Senator knows tbat as well as
Joo donk the geatictaen vamed are exceedingly judi
sions, sensihie, moderate men, who command the con fi
piener of their associates, although I do not know that
they Bave made themselves very conspicnons in ¢oulce
tion with the «harges that have been ade here,
Mr ~UMNiIZi- Certainly 1 have nothing to say except
nok aess and good wil toward every Senator named on
tios Committee, but when ueard the list T was aston
Jered of the wvscnce of certain names. 1 ind on this
Vet wot the name of a single Senator who urged
Cos anvestigation, or who voted for the Investi
CAh.on n the «stronzest form, unless he
tre Domoeratie Senator from Delaware (Bayard),
{oo Nepabaican senators on the list all voted against the
ior cauon on the strongest form, and 1 understood
tour covery Repator in favor of investigation in the
stony forn, except one Democratic Scuator, 18 ¢X
Coded from ts Committee, It is for the Senate to de
tormine, alter the debate that bas occurred, whether a
olin tree organized in that way can satisly the coun
tv. Perhaps, also, it would be worth while to consider
whether it is in conforunty with pardatmentary law. It
is tan down an Jefterson's Manual that tho who take
exoeptions 16 some particuiars in the bill are to be of the
omit tee, mt none who speak directly against the
body of the wl fora child is not to be put 10 a nurse
thai cares not for it.” You smile, Mr. President; yow
paturuly side Who you see that process going con in
tus chaonber. [Laogiter.) Jefferson proceeds to say:
“1% in therefore a coustaut rule that no wan is to be ew
ployed tu auy matter who has declared himself agaist
and, when any member who is against
the 1a) hears himself named on the committee,
he ahold ask to be excused.” [Laughter] Now, as I un
Jeratand, this ingary was first presented vy the Senator
foots 1 anos (Trawt all, and wiged by Lim in an elabo
“ute and able speech, which has already awakened echoes
avout the country. 1 iwiss lus name from the Committee.
Lu the debate ou this subject, that Senator was sustained
pv tLe ~cnator trom Missouri (Schurz). [I miss Lis name,
Ttore were otuer senators, I think, who Spoke on that
de—on: tainly there were others who voted on that side,
1 iiss ther nates, avd 1 think the conutry will miss
het For five years pi t there has been a Committee
on Ketrenchme ut, joint incaaracter, but stiirepresenti
ave of the Seuate. 1 huow not woo aet abd oo Lae mein
ners of that Committee upp car ou the (ist of {he Senator
row Ruode Tanda.
J
Mi. ~CHURZ eps, Mo) -No.
Nr sUMMNER—My friead before me saya not one.
Seither the Chairman of that Cotamittce (PP ter<onj, who
Bad Lawoned noc oaperience in ferretinz out abuses, nor
ste of hs associates, tiods a place on this Comunttee,
Woy, ain, toque its siuply inexplicable, Tam at a Joss
oo ounderstand bow my friend from Rhode Island
Anthony), in whom J believe reigns the spirit of justice,
Ball Lng 1orward a proposition for such a committee.
Both have po desire to go into any opposition. 1 am
uly one, J sitmpis make this statement, that it [hay be
mead on record, unt that hercafter, should this Com
0 ee fall in dts ingoines,the country may know that the
A uate was at least warned with regard to its character.
fd: re to be understood that I have not one word cx
sept of Kinduess lor the much respecied Renatirs who
are named on this Committee, 1 Hupy call attention to
Jie tac that they took no part, either by speech or vote,
pourg ng tus inquiry; and that there appears upon tus
iat vo Senator w bo did. My purpose is accomplished, if I
wll the attention of wy trend froin Rhode Islaud
Aldlngy) to the Si of the committee he pro
wim, "Loghten
Mr. ANTHONY (Rep, R. I)—I helieve that the ap
wihitinent of ths Cotnittes is strictly parliawentary.
he Comittee was voted for unanimously, The Sepator
rom Lhnois*(Trumunll) moved a joiut committee, and
wd that committee been agreed upon he would have
seen entitled to the chaivmaus nip of it. But the resolu
Jon under which this Commitice is phoned was moved
me, and if the Committee were to be appointed by the
hair would probably have to ask to bo excused as
spaaman. don’t know what wy fricud from Massachu
witis (Sumner) meaus when he speaks of Benstors here
who are opposed to this inquiry. I don't know of a gingle
enator wi i= opposed to the most searching and
shorough inquiry into any charges of corruption by
aliotusoever made 10 this chamber. Every Senator who
sas spoken on this kubject has declared bimselr in favor
of a thorough juvestigaution, and I ask my friend to read
he runes of the wen ou the Committee and say if there
s a lat there that he believes would cover up corrup
won. Teonée@e tls Comittee an eminently
yo This is the first the in my experience in the Senate
that T have ever heard a committee objected to on ae-
count of the characier of is members, and I am glad
tual the first experiment bas been tried upon Senators
saint whom so Little can be said.
Mr. THURMAN (Dom, Obio)=The Senator from Rhode
Island wholly evades the question. No Senator will say
a word iu disparagement of the character of either of the
Senators proposed. a8 wembers of the Committee, and
no such issue can be forced upon the Benate. We are not
here Ww luvestigate the clhalacter of Scuators. We are
here to Inquire whether Luis proposed Committee will he
i accordance with parliamentary usages and good sense,
The question is, whetaer, baviug resolved to investigate
the investigation shall be committed to a Committee, a
majority Fs are carpestly in favor of the jnvgstiga
tion, ur W wen who are oppos d to it. To say Liat Lose
who favor an investigation ought to be upon the Com
wie, Hopuice Lo Jwputation Upon the wolves of those
who would be excluaed trom it. Theres a difference in
any of the Departments of the Government fear juvesti
gation, but you have made the country believe they do.
As to the organkzation of the Counufttee, it 3s peculla
When the Senate divided on this question of investi
gating the public service, 24 dScuulors voted for the
proposition and 85 against it, But when it comes to the
appointment of this Committee, seven mew bers of it ure
taken from the 85 and ouly one from the 24, Of course
there was no design ju this (laughter), but Liear that the
much credit upon us 24. (Laughter)
SPiuiun ib the Senate as (0 the existence of frauds and
veonsily for au investigation.
Mr. CONRLING Gep., NOY) What difference!
Mr. THURMAN {lie Beuutor from Nevada maid the
pp day that there was uo pecesaity for investigation
at all--thut the Adminstration and its officials were so
Pure LLere wus nothing ww iuvestigate
on the Linglparp River was taken up and pa-sed.|
Mr. TRUMBULL moved as an amendment to the pend
ing resolution Lis proposition to bustract che Comnaiti
to ir
resolution,
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN N. J,
(Rep., N. J.) asked Mr. Thur
Sian whether $e Jallatwensary rule was not that Ben
Mr. Trambull's amendment all relating >to the Civil so
0
Committe 1 Weasure should be upvas the
Mr. THURMAN —You cannot evade the rule by taking
#ix or seven gentlemen that voted for the resolution
There is a rule that the Beuator who moves for ali m
quiry Is W be placed at the Lead of the Committee if he
1% of the dominant party. But the Benator from 1ilinois
(Trumbull) 18 not put at the bend y
placed by law in the hands of the President.
other side upon the progress they bad wade within
A, 1 of this Committees.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM (Rep, Co «Tie ple g
Wl) ~The Beuator from
Jldwols (Mr. Trawbal)) distinetly dee vw
Y declined, not publicly
but Jvatey, to be either chairiomn of the Committee or
on the Commitee,
Mr TRIIMRIDILMavr INYeaTha rete. 2s w=

ever had upon the subject,
was with the Senator from Councetiont, After 1, onto]
voted down the proposition 10 raise g p
refer to it the subjects specitied, und AR ai e, and
ratee u Committee and give iL Lu Powers execpt ol,
ye enue should attesv ard confer upon it, Ld ar
nator that 1 could Y Hoop
Committee radi in 1, 1 w ig COLMBAL WW serve up i
The morning Lowr bere ox ned, and
ANTHONY (1 HA
Aye puro) Co Yi ob 1
Lo TOPCRVe
onomotion of My
HH} wd base With
22 Na
Cwm adv.eid be fewbdl lull y
vestigation, though ju a somew nat ditferent way,
TRUMBULL, EDMUNDS, aud CRAGIN.
and unconstitutional,
follow
yveshigationl as iboaa us ume vnion.,  120C pdinociatio
sepators were well ratisfled with tho selection made,
put their complaint was that the majority had under
taken to seleel for them at all; and also that one mem
ber could not fairly represent the Democratic party jon
the committee,
of was remarkable tint thera was only one Deraocrat to
8 committee which was to enter into an in
Mr. BAYARD (Dem., Del.) said that Mr. Sumner's ent
icism upon the appointment of the Committeo was
wholly just, He, as the servant of his constituents, was
ready and willing to give his time to the discharge of any
public duty that might be imposed upon him; but he
wished the country to undersinnd in advance the man
ner in which the ‘Committ *e was to be wade up. He
knew, from experionee, how difficult it was for a «ingle
representative on a committee to protect the mterests of
the winority and he believed that the design in making
up this Committee, with only one Denocrat upon it, Wid
that, when a Senator offers a resolution for an inquiry to
be made in some particular case, he thereby implies Liat
no other case should be fuvestigatod.
Mr. HOWE (Rep, Wis)—I wish, once for all, to
commit myself to my fricnd from Delaware (Bayard)
and his friends in this Chatuber, by saymg that, as often
#8 he or avy other member of this body will propose any
investigation as to individuals or ofticials; or, if that i3
asking them to assume a disagreeable respousibility,
then, whenever any one will point out any field, will
desiznate any branch of the public service, any matter
or thing which he desireg to have investigated, T will go
with him te the very verge, and vote for the most
radical, sweeping, bw searching investigation which he
knows how to contrive.
Mr, BAYARD (Den., Del) raid he wonld accept the
Senator's pledge, and wonld offer, as a substitute for the
pending resolation, Senator Trumball's proposition. Tae
nator from New-York (Conkling) had voted agains
tat proposition before, but probably he would support
1s now,
Mr. CONKLING (Rep. N. Y.) 8aid he had voted agains?
embodving tu the rides of the Senate the proposition of
Mr. Trambuil, but he bad been at all times realy to voto
for the beoadest and most sweeping proposition for in
vestigation, He wished the eountry to understund that
there was no monopoly of public virtue en the pari of
the gentlemen ou the other side. The Senator from Del.
aware (Bayard) Koew him (Conkling) woll enough to
know that hie was 1u earnest in bis desire to discover and
pimish frands,
Mr. BAYARD said that he was stilt under the imptes
gion that there was some juconsistency between the
position of Me. Conkiing last Thursday on Mr. Tromibull's
resolution aud his position to day. Tie Senator Lau un
doubtedly voted against the proposition.
Mr. CONKLING—11 we sdd it now, as an instruction
to the Committee, won't it be just as well?
Ar. BAY ARD—Will the Senator vote tor it 1
Mr. CONKLING—=Why, I said in tae very debate we
ave speaking of that I wenld vote for it,
Mi. BAYARD=Yes; but the Senator voted against it,
[Loughter.)
Mr, CONKLING No!
Mr. BAYARD—=Well, I can only refer to the record. I
will let the Benator's explanation swaind on one side and
the record on the other,
Mr. CONKLING=—0n the same side
C
Mr. BAYARD He may put them as near together 08
he cane Laughter.) Meo Bayard went on th suv teat
what alariued the people was the discovery that he dise
ciphine in the public service was 80 nx that abscess and
frond can go on for years, as io the recently developed
cases of Jlodpes and Callender. Tt was a singin thing,
too, that notwithstan ting the earnest protestations ol a
destre for reform, every wun who attempted to initiaie
any retoiin, or even to point out abu es in the Adminis.
tration, had been attiucked. aod, if po<<ibic, crushed,
Anchor singular fact was, that whenever any one on
Cc other sade of the house asked for an vestigation of
fraud ana corruption, hie was at once acensed of aiming
Cul the President, Way =heuld the friends of the Admin:
istration ddennty ther ehiet with ite abnises? Neverthe
less, the country woilld insist on an nvesngation,
The country would like to know wheter it
was true, as gtated by THE Nw Yorn ‘FUiBUNeg,
tbat the af airs of the Repiabhoan party mm Sew-York
state Lad beea controlled by Federal potivnage, uncer
the management of the Jute Collector of New-Yori, Tae
county would ble to know whether it was (tue that tae
Lxecutive power had ever cust is shadow into thes
chamber and attempted to iu) ence the acidons of Sena.
tors, either by the dalect tones of promises of reward or
hy the threatening tones of vengeance, to be taken up
on those woo haa the misfortune to be the oflonder’s
friends, All these wore tit subjects for vestigation;
but the investigation to effect anything must be made Ly
wen who were withing to javestigate. owas not aque 3«
tion of character but of opinion. Toe Senator trom Ladd
ana (Mr. Morton), for imstanee, would ba anfit to he
member of this Committee, because he bad declared the
other day that ours was the best civil service iu the
world.
Mr. MORTON (Rep. Ind.) reiterated his belief that our
civil service is better than that of any European coun
try: were tree from abuses, equal in fntegrity and more
eMicient than apy other. He aid not think our civil ger.
vice pertect, but he did shink it grossly unjust to de
Dounce it ds the worst fu thie world, whea it was iu faced
the best,
Mr. BAYARD said that Mr, Morton confirmed wliat he
(Mr. Day ard) had juss said of Is untitiio ss to itv eti goto
the civil service,
Mr. CONKLING sald ho thouglt it hut right that the
desire of the Demoerais to have an additional wm oaber
of the Committee should be gratified, and he would vote
for giving them one, and aliewing them to select him
themiselves, He had understood the Senntor from Dela
ware to ask him tor formation in rezned te certin
alleged transactions connected with a recent State Coun
vention in New-York,
Muy, BAJARD said his Inquiry, €o far as he had made
one, was directed to tue *ecnor’ Senator from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING aid he was the “senior Senator.
Mi. BAYARD=I meant the other 8 nator, 1 have
heen so accustowed to associate ideas of youth and
beauty with the Senator who hos just spohen, that i
never Sgtuszed to we that he was the senior Senator.
Laughter.
M1. FENTON (Rep, N. Y.)--The inquiry of the Senator
from Dolaware seems to demand a word of Jeply from
we. I guate agree with my colleague that it i= better
not to d.~cuss this matter on the floor of the Benate, But
it it should seem proper at any swe, I shall altempt to
show, and 1 think I can make such a case as will pratisfy
almost every Senator present, that the inquiry of the
senator from Delaware was justiticd by the rauois ot the
Cine,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN (Rep, NJ) argued that the
conniitec, af proposed, wes in accordance With the joe
quirements of parlianent ry law. As tothe proposition
ol a a ie conld not cay with Mr. Conkling
tht he woulda vote for it eveanow, hecavte he believed
it to be contrary to the Coostitntion of the country.
Committees were very important braincies of the Gov
ermuent, and he was opposed to ereating another such
branch of Governinenut with power 1 seid for perso
nd papers.
3 {SER expressed a hope that before the Benntors
acted 1 any case involving the question of the right io
gend for persona aud papers, they would read and con.
gider the very able arguments of the Inte Gov, Andrew
and Mr. Sewall of Boston, on that subject. Recarning to
the question of the appolutment of tLe proposed com.
Witte, Mr, Sumner argued shat Mr. Beelingham, hav
ing asked Mr. Trumbull whether he would accept the
cunirmanship, showed that ke believed ld (Mr. Trim
bull) to be ertitied to Qt according to parlisnentary law,
aud this disclosure having been made with recad to the
senator trom Iinols (Mi. Trambull), he would ike to
know whether the Senator (Buckinehaim) had inquired
whether other Senators, Mr. Schurz, for mstatice, would
wept the position,
ui BU CRINGH AM sald he had not,
Mr, SUMNER—Did the Benntor cet any information
with regard to the inclivation of the Seaator from New
Hawpshire (Patterson) i
Mr. BUCK INGHAM~—I made no Inquiry with regard to
those Senators,
Mr. SUMNER—Then it comes to this: The Senator from
Connecticut (Buckingham), before taking the place of
Chairman, soothed his parliamentary conscience by as
certaining that the Senator from lllivois (Trumbull)
would not accept the place; but his consoience did nou
yequire bin _to ascertain whether Mr. $churz, or Mr.
Patterson, or any other Senator who had been pressiug
this mquery, would take the place,
Mr. HAMLIN (Rep., Me) argued that the constitution
of the Committee was in accordance with parliacuiary
law, and enlogized the Adminstration,
Mr. SCOTT (Rep, Penn.) moved to add Mr. Casserly
(Democrat) to the Committee. Carried.
My. LOGAN (Rep, IL) sald it sccwed to be assnmed
by certain Senators that all who sunported Mr. Trum
bull's proposition were trying to injure the Adminisiri
tion. He had vo such desire, yet hie had voted for that
yroposition, and would do 80 again beeanse he believed
h to be a proper aud a wise lueasure, He understood
that be was not in good standinz with a certin set of
men who assumed Ww control aud guide the party, but it
wattered very little to him whether he was or not. He
wis responsible to bis constituents and to nobody else,
Those wen attceted to be the special champions of
the President, bat if he (Mr, Logan) were President
and they attempted to aid hin in the rame way, he
would think it wise to get rid of their sseistance ns soon
as possible, It was almost hopossible to act an inde
pendent part in the Souate now, These three or tour
pied, raps five, who undertake towangce the party,
call a caucug onany man who is disposed 0 be ndepend
ent, and threaten to read him out. For one, he would
act up tw his convietious, und run the risk of
being read out. “I do mot believe said Mr.
Logun, “that the President of tue Unlted States
fears investigation, but you have made the onntry he
that
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 19, 1871
duced; what are the methods of procuring aceonntahility in prhlic
officers or agenta In the cara and disbursement of pablic ones: whether
woneyw have been paid ont illegally. whether any officers, or ngenis, or
other persons have been or are employed in the public service nithont
authority of law, or unnecessarily an geoerally now, and to what exient
the expen eof the service of te country way and onght to be curtail-d.
wus seiccted without consulting the minority. Farther,
Mr. WILSON (Rep, Muss.) moved to amend this by
providing tiat the Committee should have power to send
for persons and papers, to appoint a clerk, and to report
ill, or otherwise, without providing for its sitting dur
ny the recesa,
The amendment war adopted Yeas 27, Naya 17. Messrs,
Conkling, Howe and Harlan did not voto.
Mi. VICKERS (Demy, Md) oftered an amendment to
the original resolution, substituting othcr Senators as
members of the Comittee, Lost,
The original resolution, naming the members of the
Cowmnitee, Was than adopted—Yeas, 42; Nays, 1—alr,
Blair alone voting in the negative.
Mr, POOL (Rep, N, C) Mite that he could not serve
on the Commitee,
My, CONKLING moved to take up his resolution, in
troduced and Lid side this worn,
Ar TRUMBULL ohjedled, and tae resolulon went
over. Awourned.
HOUSE OF REFEESEN PATIVES.
Bills were introduced and referred, as fol.
OWS
Me LYNCH (Ren Me) —linposing tonnage dues
My POLAND (Rep LVL) ="To encour ce the Living of oecan telerranh
cables, and to ohtiin the same for the use of the Government. he iol)
incorporates John Vo Shger, Willa G. Fareo, Panl Spoffonl Per
MebDonsld, Collins and others, Commissioners on the part of the United
States, to open subecitiog Looks for two ocean teh _raphs—o0 ov fron
the westerns const of tha Umited States to China and Jepan and tie ot er
from toe Alantie coast to Europe, by way of the Bermodos and the
Azores or he any other war as may be approved by the Proadent, The
proc of thy Ailuntie Company is fixed at $35,000,000, wd the Pace
Company ot S120 000 efi ral to the Committee of Foren Af re,
Mr KELLOGG (Rep. Cone) —T0 reancs juternal tases and aboiish
the oes of Callyetar of Tuteru: Revenns,
Mr ROBERTS (Rep. N.Y.) ="To anthorize the parment of 50 per
cent of etons dit exin legal tencer notes
Mr. MERZUAM (Rep. N.Y )~To panish bank, insurance, State an
Govern ent eliiciuls jor bribery and corrupiion.
Me MERCUR (Pep, Penn) =Charging the standard weight of silver
cous, wd mtg tae amount of their sane,
Mr. LEONA ih MEYER <Further to taci!itate the ‘immediate traos
poriution of certain unportations to tue port of dest nation,
Mr, SHO MAKE C=Gr ag bounty bands to soldiers,
Mr MFHRICK (Dem, Mi) =Regalatic 2 the mole of the pasmeant of
Quties om mports: abso to red to Julies otticers tates on sa.ares col
Jeeted from them under the iucone tax,
Me. WILSON (Kep,, Quio)—To prevent ereelty to aumals in transit
hy railroads,
Mr. STEVENSON (Rep., Obio)=To prevent the appoic tment of lie
bhorost and i competent Governert officials, and making the officers pe
poluting, and the members of Congress recommending (hem, responsible
tor their mised et,
Mr ARTHUR (Dem., Ky.)=To abolish the export bonded warehon eg
for to ceo and snuff: also jor the repeal of the special tax ou manuise
turers and dealers in tohaceo and cigars.
Me, GOLLADAY (Dom. Tenn To refund the co'ton tax collected
2 Poh, 1896, wad 18.7, also, for a Goverment building iu Nashville,
chi.
Mo LMAN (Dem Ind Y=Ta seenre the pnbl e lands to actnal set
thers neder the Homestead and Preémption Jaws.
Mr SHANKS (Hep, In )=For a prebammary garver for a ship canal
from whe southern point of Lake Mich'gin to the Misismippi River, near
Loe wong) of the Oui,
Mo BLAIR (Dem, Mo. )=To legalize polyzamiet marriages in Utub,
and to disiiss wl erimmal procecdings 10 Utah against poli goniats,
MoOHAZLS ON (Rees, Wis) <0 auend the National Bavhiug act;
nso torepen) the Bankrapter act,
Mr COGHLAN (Repo. Cal y= Ta prohibit contracts for servile labor,
Mr. TAFFE (Rep. Neb Ybor the survssion of Cth asa State
INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHTS,
The Iense then took vp the resolution offered hy Mr,
COX (Dem, NOY) last Monday in regard to international
copyvrigghy, the question being on snsoeading the raies so
as 10 have the resolution jatroduceed and passed, The
rales were suspended, aod the resolution adopted, It
divocta the Comittee on the Library to inquure mito the
Whole subject,
AMENDING TNE STEAMBOAT ACT,
Mr. CONGER (Reps, Mich) irom the Committen on
Cotvmerce, senoroed a bid modiny ing the Steanhoat act,
whieh was passed,
The Vidi allows busts on the Mis winnl River and ite rho qr ae to
carey Laninetond of 1i0 pounds of stein to the spare rel on ot vod
botlers of 42-ucaes diameter, and of piaies of a qaarteisio in tuite
Less.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, Thursday next was ase
signed to general debade,
CONDEMNING TUL COMMUNIST EXECUTIONS,
Mr. HALDEMAN (Dem, Pen) asked Leave to offer a
resol ex puessing the profound re: cet of the House
ab Jearning of the angry severity with which the pres
ent Gosernmend, of wineh M Thicrs is Pooddent, has
pursued the praoners captured trom the Government of
the Commune at Paris,
Onjection wis micde, when Mr, HALDEMAN moved to
auspend the Fuied so that the resvlation maght be oll red
Cand adopted.
Mr. COX (Dem, NY) wiched to offer an amendment
condemn the a‘ tocitios of tue spanish Goverainent,
bit the sl ARER stated that wo atncadment was 1
order.
The Horse refused to snspend the roles—=Yoas, 5;
Nays, bless than two-thirds having voted in the ii
Cfirnedive. Al the Democratic meinbers, except ur,
Csiocnnn, voted in the adivmative; also the following Les
Cpbddean members:
(Mass). Finhelnborg, Merear, Ketan
butler
Bulier (ivnn) Ha: (“il 1 IS other,
Bar (Meh), Kithiger, Bein Ya). ji
Conger Lowe, Seward, Wlaon (Dn),
Yor wrth,
Messe, Hoar, Dawes, Kelley and Shanks voted in the
negative,
SYMPATHY FOR REVUE BITCAN MARTYRS,
Mr, HOAK (Rep, Mass) then ober d the tollow ing,
resolution, and called tor (he Yeas and Nays ont di
was adopted,
Ke olied, That while the Honse deems the conduct of Forelen Govern:
ments 10 be beyond its jurisdiction, it dee Tosompatins ss wal al of ris
to cstahligh we fy govern pod repnbl un anentat ons, and with the
famobes and ficuos of ail persoss who base lo their hv s eituer 1a tie
ticid, or on the seadold, or else gers iu doe canse of civil Loerty,
Messrs. COX (Dem, N.Y) and WoOoD (Dm, N.Y)
guid it was not necessary to have the Yeas and Nays on
that resolution, as no one would vote against at, but Mr,
HOAR mmsisted on the Yeas aud Naps, and the House
ordered them, The resolation was adopied unanimously
Yeas, 151; Nays, none,
ADOLISHING THE INCOME TAX,
Mr. KELLOGG (Rep, Conn) asked Je ove to offer a res
olution requesting the Comunttee on Ways and Means to
repote a bill carly January next for the inne dade re
peal of the income tax, and for the repeal of other inter
pal revenue taxes, except on liguors, cigars, tobacco und
ps.
DAWES (Rep., Mass, )—Let the resolution be «imply
referred to the Committee on Ways and Means, Tt does
not give the Committee any tie to consider the matter,
but instructs it to report a bill that will repeal all the
bank taxation and other taxes,
Mr. RELLOGG—T will modify the resolution so as to
repeal the come tax only, and Love to suspend the
ruies,
Mr. SPEAR (Rep, (ia) moved to adjourn, which was
acroed to by vole of yeas, 100; nays, =o,
Pending the vote, Mr. LUTLER (Rep, Mass) intro
duced a il declaratory of the rights of suffrage, declar
ing worden eotitied to sutirage unaer the Fourteenth
Contiuiional Avendment, The Honse then adjourned.
A correspondent advocates the nomination of
ex-Gove Rutherford B. Hayes of Ohio as the Republican
can lutate for the next President of the United States,
Gov. Hayes was twice chosen by the people of Ohio as
their bichest adpmistrative ofticer, the first tine over
George dH. Peadleton, aud the second over Allen G, Thue
 ITHIRIN

The Mon. Joseph Medill, in answer to an
inquiry of The Times as to his reason for requesting a
military force in Chicago during the days succeeding the
fire, says he signed the petition asking tor Joop
becouse the immense quantity of stores collected conld
not be protected by lo al forces, inasmoch as the city in
reality did not own the stores, and tow great extent the
Government did,
Gov. Baker of Indiana presented himself be
fore the presiding magistrate in Indianapolis, the cher
day, demanding his right to be prosecuted, instead of
being implicated indirectly in a pending suit, Where he
could have no opportunity to defend himself, The ace
tion irises on the prosecution of the State AttorneyGen
eral, who claiws an overcharge for buildings ordered by
the Governor,
Geo. Alfred Townsend, at the request of the
delegate from Utah, has put in a neat little pamphlet of
fifty pages, published by the American News Company,
his recent letters to The Cincinnati Commercial from
galt Lake. His prefatory letter to Mr. Hooper winds up
with the practical suggestion: My Iriend, your people
Cynnst stop polygamy or it will step Utah, Don't Winpt
the democratic passions of the nation whose unaulmous
prejidice 1s Jaw and power.”
Judge Orr oi South Carolina, in a charge to
the Grand Jury of Pickens Covuty, delivered a fortnight
ago, wade use of the following language: “However
men may differ in their opinions as to the wisdom and
justice of the course pursned by the Federal Government
in sngpending the writ of habeas corpus in eeveral of tho
counties of this State—and it vs due to frankness that I
should as an indierdual ay it was, in my judgment, a ric
cessily—itas very certain that the counties that frowned
down all unlawful combinations, the connties that have
protected person and property by law, the counties
where peace, quiet, and good order have prevulled, have
been exempted from the sien provisions of the Presi
dent's proclaisation suspending the habeas corpus, Per
sib in the god conduct which bas yashed yon history
for three year past and be assired the vaoviivees of
hiheas corps will never be denied to Uw County of
BLYTH TRA
of the Treasury fears iuvestigation, but you have made
the country believe that he does. I do noi believe that
The ex-lanpress Eugenie sath d from Gibraltar
on the Ihilanst tot suglamd.
The Grand Duke Alesis has placed $1,500 at the
disnocal of Maver Garton for the poor of Boston
C Irie-Gen. Bonjamin WV. Brice, PavmasterGen
eral. has hor rotred fiom uetive pervice at his own rranest. Mier
Foe arin Alvosd, Paymaster, has ben amsgned to day ie Chee of tur
Puy mgster 8 Jepartiaent until futher vraeis
waking up of the Committee fn this way does uot retlect
{ere the Howse bill in 1elaiion to steam bollers used


OFFi1ck oF THE CHIEF RIGNAL C0) Fit TLE,
WASHINGTON, D.C, Dee. tv To
Sur ones for (he pas! Livenlu Torr hows

The elear weather and higa baromeicr w hich
cvisted on Sunday afterioow on the South Atlantic coast
fill remanns with light south-west winds, An nies of
Leh brome cet, which was probably in Dakota, has ex
tenoed sonth eastward 10 the Dine Ridoe, while the
highest prossnre 1s new ntrad in Minnesows, With clear,
cold weatter, An urea of low biwometer has moved
vice, ou the ground that that whole subject bad be og
Mr. TRUMBULL cougratuluted the Benators on the
last tew days, The Scnntors who last week regaided oy
quire into all the subjects enumerated mm hs orig od
Mr. ANTHONY (Rep., R. L) moved to strike oat fron,

Jrapidiy fron Arkansas over Lake Erie, and thenee oust
ward (0 10 Mag achaccits Bay, secon od byron He
southern portion of its puily and snow fron Miehican
cant watt. Nu reports have becu received from the Ua
cific coast.
resolution as ouivageour, and who were astonished ui
Lim for introducing it, were now abio 0 lente UM will
composure, and wore themselves actually eager for ig.
The discussion was continued at length by Mosars.
Mr. =UMNLL, speaking of the Benatorial caucus, raid
that it was a convenlenee, but imposed no obligation
upon any one to obey its mandates; and that, to clon
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably rise during to-ulglt nnd
on Tuegday from the Middle and East Atlantic count
wisbw ard to the Mississippl with {fuly cloudy und
lene weallior, fresh nortuwest wWhols nrevall tonight
north and cast of Virtua, Ww th clearing weather, the
storm on the New -bkogle nd coast Clemng away to-night;
a stnad! aren of low varotcief with rin dovelop in
Lonsiana wid Arkansas ord pleut weather provall
on ‘banrsday on La south A dant and tinlf Hates,
fran 1 HER of anticipated fet end of fhe
flocks Me Likirs, Ug an, Pussy, urold a fp ation of
theat it could nnpose any obligation was intluioy absard
Mr. Anthony's amendment was adopted by uw vote of
09 Yo ns to 18 Nays, Messrs, Logan, Keaton, ait eon
pehurg, puner, Tipton, sud Leanball, 1nd wom.
vou ig bi dee negative, The smended propositva is a
ots OY
Cl icanntat lata: CLE Joh)
wee aul ea be “i ood We rs wag WL
i"
PLERSON.IL.
wi Pw(OONAL -BY TELEGRADFL.
WiIATHERE REDPOLL.
Wak DEALT NT,
lp
WAR DES ARI HT TE, [4
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF BIGNAL Oi bie rr,
WASHINGTON. D.C. Dee v= Toon y
pe Ye t'a anne] ticenlnu-Towuy hours
RESOLUTION FOR THE IMPEACHMENT OF TI
GOVERNOR INTRODUCED IN THE LEGISLATURE,
(‘orvvnia, Dee, 18.—In the House of Repre
sentatives to-day Jthe report of CC. Bowen's Invest)
gating Comittee, arraigning the Governor and other
State officials for alleged frandulent over-isene of Stato
bonds, was hotly discus ed for four hours, The Speaker
riled that an two-thirds vote waa required to adopt the
report as the sense of the House, because the adoption
of it< final recommendation wonld ba the first step to
ward impeeehment, The decision waa overrnled, and
the report adopted as the sense of the House,
At G6 o'clock Mr. Bowen introdnesd a resolution that R.
R. 8S ott, Governor of the State of south Carolina, he fm
preached of high erhmes and misdemeanors, He also in
troduced a similar resolution for the impeachment of
Treasurer IPaker. The resolutions were laid over under
the rules of (he House, There was a largo attendance,
and eat exd®oement.

ATIOUEN ENT OF THE LVGISLATURE,
ADJOURNMENT OF THE LVGISLATURE,
Cieyisse, Dee. 18.—~The Legislature ad
jonrned at 12 o'clock on Satnrday night, Gov. Campbell
renominated J. IL Hay ford Auditor and J. W. Donellon
Treasurer, wio were unanimonsly confirmed by the
Council, thus disposing of the charge of fraud brought
against tiem at the connneneement of the sessfon, The
Comittee of Tnves i ation made uo report at’sll
a
THE DAYTON VETLRANS AGAIN DIFRANCIHIZED.
cincissarr, Die. 1:=Judee MeKenna of
Davton to-day decided, in a test ease, that the inmates of
tne Soldiers’ Howe Wave no night woote in the county
elections
tne eesee
TIE SENATE'S BLUNDER.
From Th» Detroit Tribne,
We confess our ability to appreciate the
moiives ol Che wajority of the United States Senators in
the conrse they have seen fit to pursue in regard to Mr.
Tramboll’'s eort to secure a thorough investigation into
all departments of the civil service. Wo can eoneeive of
no good reason tor refusing to clothe a Commitee ap
pointed to consider this important question with the
anplest powers, snd we certainly know of no manner
ingwhicl greater harta can be'done to the Republivan
party than by action which seems to seek to deprive in
vestigation of that tioronghness which constitutes its
ody value. In our judgment the majority of tho
Sertors grossly mi<jndge the spirit of the people, This
is not a time when a parity in power ean gain strength
by sectwing to shrink tron the most gearebing exanini
tron into it<omargement of the tras committed to Bis
hands. Toe Repubiieain party as strong, bat it 1s uot
strong enon to be abie to mark out for itseif any policy
other thon that of invitioe at ali rimes the fresst and
fuiest serntiny into all its acts, The course of the men
Who ic HOW tisreproser ting tn the senate is in every
way worthy onty of ei phate condemnation, Iihere 13
no co rnplon In our exisimg evil osorvice, there 1s
notiung to be fear od trom investigation,
A CONNECTICUT OPINION,
trom Lhe MW aieroury dpecean.
When a wai's pocket is picked in railroad
ear, and The passengers agree to sabut to a search, 1813
Somctinees tie case thal one man Will reiuse to bo
searched, deananz tat bis word of honor be taken #3
caftient eidonee that he is not the thief, The obsery
ers wh most uatarady concatide that one of two things
Ls trey ener hie aes the stolen property, or he id
ashiiaed of the condition of his linen, amd wants to keep
his coat baitoned over it, In just saci a susnicious posi
tio the President is placed by bis over-zealous friends
in he Renate, who Lave defeaied Senator Teumbull's
bil foro aotough invesiizatioa of the affairs of the Ad
Wwialstralion,
A PENNSYLVANIA OPINION,
From 1 totisviile Mowers Journ i
These woo loi to be the particular friends
of Present Grant, in iu pag the motives of all who
ex Uless opdidons vi the Aduainiitration, do hin more
harm ied vs cheutics, Wo support President Graut,
ier owe be eve bis aidan Fabon wo be pure, and will
Say ocate bis vecle tone un bess some huge vlunder should
hecommite Bai we, tor one, will not be gagged in
Le capes ac of our opinion 0 public
widitere, Mi, Aramou'ts resolution of inguiry may
wi ary aot be rizht. We Lave noting to say on its pro
pric orimpropriety, Bai it as certain that the cont =o
Lo
Ol HOSE SCtcters wo Oppose any wovement of the Kind
Cheats The nopies doa buat fie Ad nistiation is afiuid
of doy esti oi, which we do not believe as the case,
hi tie Vigo ttcionus Trends continue an their present
cotrec, ve Prosadent way yoL have cause cAacidiiug,
save Ine Stok tay Intends

A Municipal Reform movement has been
started in New-Orieans,
The Indiana State Republican Convention
will ect on the 224 of Yebruary,
It is now quite save that Col. Alvah Crocker
of Fitchburg will succeed to Mr. Washbura's scat tu Con
gress,
“Not a journal in New-England,” says The
Springgield kepublican, even apologizes tor the course
of Senators Conkling, Morton, and Chandler, or sustains
the minjority in their blundering effurts at thwarting the
movewent of Mr. Trumoull.”
The Troy Times (Coukling organ) utters the
following oracnlar opinion on the recent debates in the
Senate: “We cannot suppose that all the honesty in the
seine 18 on Lhe side oi the minority nor is wil the good
sense on the side of the Maja. Few wul dispute
either proposition, particnlurly the latter,
The special election for a Governor of
Georgia takes place to-morrow. The Atlanta Sun of Sat
urday states that the Republicans have determined to
run Jains Atkins secretly, in the hope “that the Demo
Coots will suppose there 1s no opposition to Col, Smith;
thai he will ve elected any way, amd not turn out and
vote the strength of tie party, while the full vote of the
Fadicals will be cist for Atkins— thus snatching vietory
ont of oar hinds! Tals is vastly noprobabie, we might
say totally absurd.
The removal of Mr, William E. Davis from
the Pension Ageney in Cincinnatd, is a political develop
ment which greatly pazzics the professional politleiuns
there, Mr. Davis is the President of Ihe Times and
Chronicle Company there, and has been regarded as
most steadfast supporter of the Admiuistration and a
favorite of the Presideni’s father. He and his associates,
however, were hostile to the nomination of Gen. Noves
tor the Goveraoeship, and their hostility was construed
Wwito a proof oi bosiiity to the Admiolatration. The Com
mercial, and other irreverent papers, sugpest thet Gov,
Nove Csreeent visit to Washipgron has an intimate con
aeconn with the removal of Mr. Davis, and is, an fact,
tho thod adopted by the Governor elect to pay old
abies,
THE WHARTON TRIAL.
lees
Auvarons, Md, Dee, 18,.=The Court met at
10, There were tery few spectators present. James
Ketchum, son of Gen, Ketchum, was called and fully
corroborated the testimony of his brother, Charles L.
Ketchum, in regard to Mrs, Wharton's claim of having
paid the note for §2,600, and of having given to Gen,
Ketchum honds for conversion.
prs. Helen Van Ness testified as follows
I sw the wife of Eugene Yau Ness; was ib the house of Mrs. Wharton
trom June 24 to June 29. nursing Ler husband, who #us scx there: on
Bundey night, after sbe bad retired, she was awnhened be Mes. Wiarton
coining into Ler room i Mrs Wiarton was opruing the doer of the wash
weal; sue suid that Gen, Ketchum was sich, and she was going to give
iim paregoric and mint; sie coald aot tind the paregoric, and left
the room ww look lor 1, but returned in a few Juiantes and
suid she remembered Nellis bad weed it; Mra. Wharton left te
room; some time after, 1 saw Gan. Ketcham coming down stairs
from the tuird story; saw Mm. Wharton come down be fore Gen,
Ketchum: did not ree either of them ugain that night; the doctor ore
dered a wine-glasshl of milk ponch for the sick wan (ber husha ad);
Mrs. Wharton aud others were present; the viiness made the punel,
Mos. Woarton suggested a double quantity be made; nade 130 tu nbler
and poured half into a wine class. it was taken w.thont il) effects; the
tambicr containing the rewsiuder I pat io the narsery refrigerator; of ered
ft witha spoon and pat it into a Swed ism; raw 8 sedionent othe
mmbier: tasted §8. and 18 tasted se it had a hrase pin in in; wendy
s.aried bo the our; before got there wi. mouth tasted so bauly that I
wort hack aud calimd Mrs. Looe aud gace her the tanhler; threw ous
the punch and made fresh; put nothing in the Brat punch exept sigar,
wih and winshy; drank a tum! ier full of the milk with vo i'l edt,
Mr Eugene Van News was called, and, in replys ow question from Mp,
Revell, said be did not see Mes, Wharton 6 hs Pv@ on Natorlsy, Sun.
Any, or Monday wight; saw hee several times in the day tiwe,
The prosecution explalaed thal tins was to show that
Mis. Wharton was not engaged in nur-ing Mr. Van Noss
during that period,
Peajamn W. Brice tegfel—Am Paymaster General fy the Uiited
Bless Army; knew Gen, Ret-hiam very well for thortveadd ves; li
Lealth was rernarkasly good all bis ble; he vas astrong, robast pan,
ang of careful sod ro ula val tx; was not aldieted to the tse of vray;
was a toa! ahatinence maa, daring the whole of onr acqoaintaues ue. ec
police] an) change iu the Yh or clearness of bis mind, Gen, Price br
fide! the reumostances of Mrs Wharton's visit to his office 0 coripany
voit Chores and Junier Ketelnm, in rigird to the $4060 in boas,
Hoe sintv iments coriesyond 6 with the teatinouy of tha other wituessis
10 thes cone ea
Mis Carne Snowden of Riltimore testi fed: Saw Gen Ketchum on
Jute <4, om the cam bo Baltuiere; wm Aluos vas sibractod by Cen
Fetelam's weir ents Love known Moe MW uartoa aboot 10 mon hg
1 enyersalon With her at ber Lous, ou the Friday evenug elie Gon
Ao tchom's death, the prisoner said, You kaon tie. helium
took laadanum; baad 1 bad uenrd ao; Mrs. Wharton then said be was
Pa he abit of Lahng wedicm earvlesly row bustles without me ssures
ment.
artes Lo Fotehom was reenliod and testified: He adiuinisterad on his
father's eatalé BO B-Count Lied been pressnbol against (un estate by Mr,
Winton Me was eroe-cxamioe! as length by counsel lor defense. Oa
hoe cream ioine! 10m woth ay ortho: was elicited thaa eo Lis dircot ex
am nation, ze pt thet Mos. WW uarton had old Lim shat koe father mad;
a wit which had net been fond.
Attorney-General syester then stated ey had p fow
WLI ess Wo wold be present to-morrow, when yey
wonid close for the prosecution. The Court thercwgou
2 34 una senazank
Cite FITLOSS AT CASTLE GARDEN.
Bernard Casserly, Superintendent of the
Vmigrant Depot at (astle Gurden, rent yoaterduy three
ticket-of-leave men” in charge of an officer befpre Su
perintendent Kelso. There mon, whose/narsesgwers re
fused by ths police, but w hich are John Waolsher, Jamos
Butterworth, and Biaward Maguire, were nafled yester
day at Castle Garden from the packeiship Hamilton
Fish. Accompanying the communication from Superin
tendont Gassotly were aflldavits mado by the men, set
tine forth that in October Yast one was released from
Brixton and the our Uwe fron Pordanad Prisons,
wleto Lt) Yrs serving unt Bellon ed ul
POLITICAL.

SOUTH CAROLINA
WVONTYIN(Y
O10.
A MICHIGAN OPINION,
Prom 15» Detroit Trine.
POLITICAL NOTES,
avon woard  enoh for thoff, house-bLreaking,
soven years each for thoff, house-hreaking,
and robbery with vielencs, rospectively; that
they received £6 ench when released, this money boing
patil only to those who have enrned it by good conduct.
This money being pald to James Foster, agent of the
Manchester Disolarged Prisoners Ald Society, Hoy, Bie.
cured outfits and pzid their passage to (his city. They
wern told that they would Aud a letter awaiting them at
Castie Garden, which would give them instructions. No
letter was awaiting them, sud, eing utterly cestitute,
they applied to Superinendent Casserly tor relief. Super
intendent Kelso having no power to act in the matter,
ordere tthe Jriseher, to be locked np until a meeting of
the Board of Uolice Commigsionoin could be hela. Tha
bt overs bat ing eaten nothing for nearly 24 bours, tho
Superiutens cnt gave the doorman money with which to
Jur ure food tor them. Later in the day the Board of
oie resolved to soud copies of the communiontion of
Superintendent Cazserly ind the affidavit of the pris.
ones to Secretary of State Fish and Gov, Hotfman, The
Superintendent of Police was directed to detaln the pris
oners to await the uetion of the Natioual wud Sue
authorities.
AM EDOUARD GASRIER.
M. Edonard Gassier, the well-known hari
tone, died of the vomito on Sunday in Havana, Cuba.
fie was born in France in 1823, and received his musical
education at the Paria “Conservatory,” wherein, in 1844, be
won the first prize in opera, The year following Le came
ont at the Salle Favart, and soon atier went abrond,
receiving engagements at Palermo, Milan, Vienna and
Vewteo, He went to Spain in 1849, and remainsd there
three years, appearing in opera at intervals at Madrid,
foville gand tBarcelona.  §Toward the close of 1854 he
was eneaged at the Italian Taecater, Parig, and sang
there during all the ensuing season, and in 1556 ncee pted
an engagement at the Drury Lane Theater. While in
Spain, in 147, A. Guasier married Mile, !Cubae, a lady of
Spanish nrth who has acquived eclobrity as a soprano,
M. Goo ster anorssed considerable wealth by tho practice
of Mis profession.
JROOKLYN MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS -ANOTIIER
PAVES EST BILL VETOED.
Da" aia yy HD MET Thane AFT ALLY "ANNUAL
PAVESENT BILL VETOED.
The Brooklyn Board of Aldermen met yes
terday afternoon, Jacob I Bergen ie the chair, A com:
munieat on was received from Mayor Kalbtlelseh vetoing
the resolution of the Board directing the paving of
Rogers-ave, with Scrimshaw Pavement, on the ground
that trizls had abundantly proved that the material was
totally ur tit for street pas ements, and Le was opposed to
devoting the funds of the city to pay for such work,
Coroner Whitehill sent in a communication calling the
attention of the Board to the fact that a Coroner's Jury
Lad recommended the passage of an ordinance making
it an offense punishable by ine for oil manufacturers to
wihe or sell kevosene of a less test than 245 degrees
Fahrenieit, The Corporation Conneil was directed to
prevare an ordinanes to meet the ease,
The Law Committee, to whom had been referred the
resolintion adopted on June 15, 1870, directing the City
Clerh to complete the charter of the city under the
sipervision of the Comenon Connell, reported that the
work had been doe to ita sarifaction, Great delay had
been vecasioned in conseqaence of the amendments to
the charier since the adoption of the reso'ution, The
work had been performed by the €lerk in extra hours,
Accompanying the charter isa compilation of the laws
velating to the Lecal Jnaiciary, Exese Board, Park and
Water Cominissions, and Board of Bdnestion, The Com
mittee veeommended for adoption resolutions that the
manuseript compilation of the charter and city or dl
nanees be piaced oi file sithject to such disposition as the
Cowtaon Conner] may diveet, and that the proper oflicers
nav to Wilimin Gi. Bishop, City Clerk, $1,000 for his
services, Adopted. A resolution was Paved over the
Mayor's veto authorizing the Tax Collector io employ
five additional clerks to February 1. Adjourned.
Ce I
TAS PETER IB. SWEENEY ABSCONDED?
At a Lie boar list night a report was in
cirenlation that Peter By Sweeney hal Jeft the city, os
tensibly for the purpose of visiting his country srat at
Lake Mahopac, Many wes of the opmion, however,
that be had lett the country under an assumed name,
etl Ai eessrassissasa
MIU'PDER AND OI'TI AGE IN ARKANSAS,
Litre Rock, Ark., Dee. 18.—About tive days
azo, near Nashville, Hempstead County, a Miss Holt, 16
years of uze, while returnir g home through the woods in
the evening, was outraged by some nnkuown person and
brotally murdercd, Taree bnllets were found in her
body o SHOT throat was cut, aud two of her finguis big
ee
1 ot.
PIRE IN CHICAGO.
('1ircaco, Dee, i8,—The Chicago Silver Smelt
ing and Kelining Company's works, on Jefferson-st,, were
burned List evening. Loss $40,000 to $50,000. No insurance.
Turce men wera seen to-day to turow some substance
into a pile of debris on Eighteenthi-st. They then fled,
and the substance was afterward examined and found
to be composed of an explosive material, phosphorus
being one of the principal ingredients, The men are
doubtless jucendianies, and efforts are making for their
rem.
THE STATE OF TRADE.
—her
TAVAN GL MADLY I'S
FAAVANA MARKETS.
flaraxa, Dee 12 Exvlinnge irregalar. A rise 1o freights is cxpee +4
and vessels are tn Conaad,
Bl YEW WT BH LeRa dN.
DOMESTIC MARKFTS,
Wis INGTON, N. CU, Dec, Lo.—=Spiriis Lacpensine fem at le. Rosin
stro at +420 for Strained; $4 37) for Low, 838 for Low Pace.
Crude I urp! nt oo stesdy, at $300 for Hurl, $5 20 for Yellow Dip,
wo or for Virgin, Tar stealr, at $2 00.
Nw Onipass Dec 1 —Flour firmer; Superfine, $7; Donble Extra,
$7 624; Teeole iaea, $5. Coru-—-No sales.  Oata—To wirve, tie.
on anot, toe. Brea scarce, retaling at $175 Huy—DPrime, $35,
Choir, #17 Pork easier; Mess, $15. Baron qniet, Shonlders und
Clear 1b, He. Cloar Sides R4e, Lard firm; Choice Tierce. 94c.; Nes
loge. Hams—New Sugar-cured  15@idie. Whisky, ude. @®1 12,
Sogur quiet; loerior, baubije; Common to good Common, T@he
Fuir to fal; Fair, 706 9%. Prime, Made. Molusses weil. Inkirior, 20
we. Cowmon. Waite; Tar 352%. Prme, 43¢. Fxchange—>dter
Line. 1:6]; New York Sizh, per cent discount. Gold, 94.
Tongs, bee. LL—Pour dal) and unchanged. Wheat dull ap!
unchanced; Amher Michican, $1 42); No.2 Red, $1 36). Corn dull
anda shade loeer, High Mixed, tie; Low Mixed, 47@474e.; Yellow,
due, Onts quiet ard unchanged; No.2 ac dle, Clover Need steady at
$n duu th 40, Live Hugs steady at $5. Leceipia—1.000 bbls. Fiour,
9.00 bush. Whest, 5,000 bust, Corn, 3,000 bush Oats. Shipments—
none,
Cr1caGo, Dae. 10. =Flour dll ax) onchanged. Wheat in feiz demand,
but at lower rates; No. 1 Spring, $1 24k; No 2do.. #1 184; No. do,
$1 103s 1, seller January, $1 20f; Fenroary, #1 224. Corn quiet
and urchanged No. 2 Mixad, 48! adlc.; Rejected, 45 Rar, dle
seller January lhe; February, 4202 424. May, 474@473c.  Oute—No.
2, 32. weller Jauuars, 324c.; Fearnary, 3c. Rie du!l and drooping;
No. blavlye. Baciey dull and drooping: Ne. 2 During, S94e. seller
January, tfc. Pork in fair demand, sdvauced Mess, $13 WaS13 35,
closng at imide price; seller January, $15 40@ 813 50; Pebruary,
wld ioe dll yo, Marel, $14 0%@ $14 10, Lard steady at vie. seller
Junuars, £3c.; February, 94e.; Murch Ue.  Greea Mesias Jn fair re
quest, and Cr a previoas prices Bulk Meats unchanged. Live Hogs
petive and higher at $4¢ $4 10 for Shipping; $4 Wa $4 10 for Packin
grates. Drossed Hogs, =4 90295, closing steady. Whisky RE
wil nuiet; Aeles at Bde, Bake, asked at close. Receipte—6,060 bbls. Fiowr,
23.000 buak, Wheat, 156,000 bash. Corn, 36.000 bush. 0 ds, 3,000 bush.
Ive, 2200) bush, Barles, and 18,000 Hogs Shipmeats—5,000 bhis
Fioor. 1900 bush, Wheat, 6,800 bush. Corn, 10,000 bush Oats, 200
bust 23. 5.00 bush, Barley, and 5000 Hogs
LATEST SHIP NEWS.
|For other Ship News see Second 1age.|
ARRIVED.
Steanwhip Wm. P, C'pds, Drew, Norilk, City Pciat and Richmend,
Washivgtea Co,
Steausbip Hatteras, Jawrence, Norfolk, &e., Old Dominion Stosmship
Co.
ShipeEaropa (N, G.), Backirmann, Bremen 60 Cas, with mds». and
pass.
Bark Sea King, Edw ws, of and frem Barrow, Erg, Nov. 2, with mise.
Is anchored on the Bae
Hark Smirua (of Basten), Mackay, Sisyrna Sept. 25, with 6, a
WLIXD-—-Suaset, light, W.: cloudy.
FOREIGN. PORTS,
Sr Ioans, NP Dac. 15.—=The steamship Ta wa which pd into this
port oi hier vo; age ‘tom Bremen fog New-York, r-suuied ber tip at uvon
te-Jday.
While the (rend Duk2 was at the Cluendon, be. dirscted hoa
Sueretary to mea inquiry for te best Tailor ix New-York. The resus
was that W. O Toxenicrs of 2ifd-are, received orders te make a num.
ber of «plend suite, for the 1¥ik 9 and several gentlemen cf bis Staff. He
wat so please. with the 6t ard finush of Lis gaiments, thud he intimated
to Mr. LiNTIa tw that he might receive oidars for clotiing to be sca to
hin at St. Prwanlsarz, rl
The Knabe Plano “aims the palm among al’ instruments, No
other 1% ro wreeanie too wle, none posyasses the rica, full tone of this
one while its cetion is esteaoniinary tor breadth sod power. This Piano
18 nlso remark ly durat 8. being made of he best selected raaterials,
combined mit the wost sareful skill 210 judgment. It is no wonder that
the KxA2% 1 iANO shold have become the favorite in fashionadde circles
J. Bavuk Co., General Agents, 659 Broadway, N. 1.
Chrenle Diarrhen of long standing is curd by Jomxson's Axo:
DYNG UNIMENT used tuternally.
Wedding und; Visiting Cards, Initial Stamping Note Paver
Wo hyssiokiL's Jens, 10s FuLronst., orp, OLD Duteu CRVBCK.
Awgell™ Turtish Baths, Lexington-ave., cor, 25:h-st. Gentlemen
vrei; way awd all ght. Ladies day and «veaing. Euspe outdoae.
QUESFBRO-CAMPBELL—At St. Paul's Church, Owego, N. T,
“Ubnrsday. 14th ios, by Rer J. H. Kidder, Albert Chesebro, jr., of this
ev, to Murry E.. eldest daaguter of Arbs Campbell, esq.
GAMANNTEWART =A the residence of the bride's father, on the
Tub of Leeonter, Mr. Dagiel T, Gilisan of divux City, Towa, to Mane,
secowd daughter of Hon. Wim, Stewart of Mescer, Peun.
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed swith full
fr, and adds as
BLAKE—OnSatanlay, Dae. 15, James Blake, aged 63 years and 2 mentbs.
Friends an relatives of the family are respeetafily invited bo attend the
funeral from bis ase residecce, 319 West Fufly-firat-ab., N. X.oa Tose
day Dec. 19th, at pom
DWINELLB—=At bis residence, fn Baltimore, MA, Dec. 9, of typhaid
fever, Dr. Justin Dwinelie, aged 49 years, late brigade sargeon ia the
Ary of the Potomac.
ELLISON—~Oa Sunda v Dae. 17th, of pacumonia, Platt, youngest son of
George UC. and H. Eliza Eisoon,
Relatives and friends of the family a-e Inv ited to atten the fanera! servi.
cos on uesiay evens, December, 10a ust. at 7 o'clock, ai thelr res:
 ldewee, 40 East Thirtieth-ss.
QRELFT~At College Point, L. J. on Monday. Dacenbor 18, in the
29th vear of her age, Wilhelmine Emile Caro ie, woe ob bald Greed,
The fu eral will take piace fiom her late resiveacs ou Weldueslay, De
eestor 20, wt 1 o'clock pom.
KNAPP. Op Rainday, New York, December 17, Eilon Knapn, inthe THA
y er of her ag
Toe tune anh wali tae whier at Lo clock ou Toonday from Jo Clictop st
OBITUARY.
ntl N—
MALPRIED
ee
DIED.
MOT LTR BY 7abeth Melullir, TT youre.
The friends asd relatives of Oy am Peapoctfolly invited to attend
the funeral from lier late residence. Eight Atth-et,, near First-ave., 08
W ednenday, the 20th inst, a8 1 o'clock p.
5
e————ees ett
NOTT—On Sstarday, Dec. 16, of apoplexy, Richard Mott, la the TM
year of his se.
The friends and rolatives of the family sre rset invital to abiend
the funeral from his late resileace, No. 15 Kas: I irty-socond «bh, on
Tuesday, Dec. 19, at 12 o'clock.
NBILLEY—On Sabbath morning (13th Dec.), Marry, wife of James Nell
ley, in the 78th year of ber age
Relatives and friende of the family are rospectully invited to stland ber
funeral from Ler late repdesce, No. (J21 West Twenty Srst-ul., on
Tresday, (19th inst.). at o'clock p.
SEYMOUR—Ia Brooklyn, on Sunday, 15th inet; Ann Rebeocs Haleoy,
wife of Willam N, Seymour, ared J] years
Fronds of the family are invited to attend the faners) services on Tose
ov af.ernnoa, at 2 o'clock, at her lste residence, No. 138 bouta Oz
ford-+t.
STEWART In Brooklyn, on Snadav evening. Dee. 17. in the 76th year
of her 120, Mary Alums, relict of Joby Stes art, and mother of John A
and Kelwin Nrewart,
Relasives ani foen is of the fuwily ais invital to ats nl the funer! on
Trewin, 1Nninst., at 2o clock p. we, from the praidenos of har sone
Law. lewis Morris, No, 14 bout toriland ave, Brovalyn, without fur
thee invitation,
TAYLOR—On the 16th, at News#k, N. J, Aan, wife of Jas 8. Tayler,
age! To vears,
Tro relatives and frends are invited to attend the fungal from her late
resi dene, 112 Mount Piessan-ave Noa ri, on Toeday, at 2 o'clock
wm. Corrage: wil! be in waitin at Center-st, Btation on the Now
5 rsoy Raiiroul on arrval of do'elocs Law from New-Yors.
TUCRERMAN~—On Suuday, ut 220 diadisos-ave., Heary T. Tuckermaa,
of pnen@onin,
The taneral serviess will be a?®* All Son's’ Chareh” (Rev Dr. Bellwwel
eniaer Foorh-ive, and ‘Vwentic beat, on We mesday moran at
o'coeh. Hos friends awd friends of the 1amily are rosy eo faily invited
attend. he rempins will Le taken to Moan! Auburn for interment,
VOORNEES—Ou Sumas evening Jib wat. ilviry beac, youngest
dof Win, Doant Eliza Bb Voore ws, pel Vim tis
The raneral will tale place on ee ay, WJ h, at Po cors, from the res
ceo Lin Lotatinr Bla uy, Las Brus, Nr NJ
Toten Republican Generul Comuzitiee. -At 4 mating
held #t Henoquartems corner Kittiaye. and Twenty second at. on There
dav evening, Doe 1, the tolloaing cali for Kepublican Vivviary hive
sions, was ndopted:
The Union Hepablican Elactom of the City of New York are reqarsted
to meet in their sever] Distiict Associations, on Thur May vinn.ig, Dee
21. 10 eloet delecnion to tue Rerabliean Geneon! Committee, and officsrs
of ‘he respective birtae Amociations for the year 1872.
The representst on to the General Committers shall be the same 28 a8
present to wit: le Distret, 5 Delegates: 20 Distret, 3 MW Disirot, 33
Wh Dotnet. 5: Sth Distric, 8; tth Disirict 6, Sth Distnes, 10, 8b
oatiet, ny 9h dnstret 15; 10th District, 8, 1th bootrct 12; 12a
Disrer G6; Dich District, 10; 14th Distriet, 5: 15th Dhstret, 8; ith
District, Lith bistaet, 10; 16 District, o, Auth biiact, 3, I'weabeds
Dis rie, 9, Tuenty-tirst Dritnet, 19,
Ihe President of eh Assocation, or, in Lug alisenes, the proper oflore
thereof, siall appoint three Jnspee ors of Eliot on. whose it shall he
to receive and canvass the vote, and mga the cradentisls of such PLE
gates aud officers ax shall reevive the hichest namber of voted Cast. The
Prosilomt shall attest snob eredentinla
Notice of the tae and piace of Gubling such elves ond shall Bz published
Io the several Distr et Assoetaions, 10 the Repuoliean papers, for of
least Seo days previoas to said clacton,
Polls onen ju all evves from “80 Sn my,
Faen bistaet Associaton shall, previous to said election, Molt a publie
mectar@, stud juvite all electors io the dotnet whe voted the Hepubion
State tohet al the list elsction to enroll themarlyes as members, and
such persora shall he ent tied ta vole at saad ee on,
The Geooral Camm tree elocte! as avove will meet at Healquarters,
corner ot 18 ur. mish Tapnts se eabd-s oi Taurs laf #sening, Jol
1872, st 4 o clock, for the puro of o zavaation, By orler
i iar bh Goat bby, Piesiwat,
SINCLAIR TOU SEY Ca
envio ENOCIL L. FANCIES, Vice Presienta
BO. ACHMON,
Arp. WW. Leuoar, soe etarien,
Republican Central Committee, —A poniar mestin pe
this Commit ee will he Leld at 113 Proadwar, en TI ESDAY BY KN
ING. Doe. 39. 1058, at o'clock. SUNN J. TOWNSEND, Vissdoat
Gio, W. Lyon, Secretary.
Eleventh Assembly District Union Republican Annee
ciution.—A special meeting of the Association will be held ab Head
quasters, 45% 8 xthave., on TUESDAY EVENING, 19th just, ab 7 po
mw. All electors who voied the Republican Stite Ticket at the lash
eleetion nre invited to attend and enroll as members of (be Assocation,
as per resolution of the Geueral Commitice,
LraryE dovLLey Ey, Nec'y MA K-HALL O. ROBERTS, Pres't.
Christmas Appeal for Poor Children.—The biter col o
Winter and the freezing storms have come upon thoassnds of the poos
children of this city, unprepared. They are sieepiog 1 boxes, or skulk
nz in doorways. or sluvering in cellars w shout proper elothing or shoes,
and but ha'f 1a. Many come bav-foose through the ws,ow to ene
Toas<trial Schools. Chillren have been known io foil fint'a3 ou the
floor of these schools, through wand of food. Hundreds enter our Lodg
ing Houses every right, who bave no home. Huudreds “bply to ous
office for a place in the Sounty, who ars ragz-d, Wall starved, sod atterly
unbefriended, Will onr tnends, throughout the city and country, beip us
to give these unfortunate Little ones a hapwy CHRINTMAS?
Fi dollars will give to three of these children a bowe in the Wenh,
Who will make a Christmas present of a ome! Who will help os te
pot shoes on haudreds of bare feet, to clothe hundreds of haif-clad bove
und girls, and so give one good Clristinas dinoer vr pleasant festival te
these cl ildren of rovertr)
The CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY is temporarily bereft of means
throngh the frands in the €ity Governmert We ask of our friends 1»
every part of the country to belp ws through this season, when the de
wards Lpou us are greaiest CU. L. BRACH, Secretary
Clitrea's Aid Soclety, 19 East Foarth-v:., New-York.
Gifts of provisions nod clothiog way be s-nt to the Central Office, 1]
“Hh urth-st., New-York, or will be called for, if the address be for
wan N
Doaations of money may ba Inclosed to either of the undersigned.
they are in checks or Post-Office orders, they can be made pagable to the
ordes of J. KE. WILLIAMS. Treasurer.
WM. A. BOOTH, President, 100 Wall-oh
J. k. WILLIAMS, Treasurer,
Me!ropo'itan National Bank, 108 Prostar
C. L. BRACK, Secretary, 19 Kast Fourtt-st., New-Yo
WORK OF THE YLAR.--There wore Quriuy she uit yeir ia ovr nt
Todging Honses, 11,923 different boss aod girls; 157.729 meals aad 131.5
lo 'gings were suppled. In the 19 Day and 11 Rvening Industrial Schools
worm 9429 children, who who were taoght, and partly fed aad clothed
3.506 were sent to good homes, mainly jo the West. ‘I'otal cumber usdct
charge of the Society during the year, 20.743. There have beea df
nt in the Lodging Houses, and 1,231 orphans were provided with
INCA,
P. 8.—It would be a great favor to us, if our friends would lay this
appeal before any Sumlay-school or Charch with which they may bo
connected,
pe Beautiful Presents.
ANTIQUE OBJECTS OF ART
AT THE SOMERVILLE ART GALLERIRS,
STIH-AVE. AND 14TU-5T.
EXAMINE THIS COLLECTION OF
Cobourts ia rich Carved Onk,
Cabinets in tine old Marquetne,
Cabinets of old lolaid woek
EXAMINE these
Tables of Carved Oak,
Tile of Ane old Margovtzin,
Tables for Ladies’ Work,
Tables for Cards.
EXAMINE ciese
Rokemian Glass and Mare Pottesles,
Brackets of €'iried Oak,
Brass Fire Doge,
Brazea deonces,
EXAMINE les
hairs of Carvid Ouk,
Coir of tine Puten Margaetria,
Claires in Venetian Leather
EXAMINE these
Orient! Carpets from Indias,
Moorish Carpets,
Farias apes, fue and Small,
Forsian Carpets,
“Rare Collietion to ve suld wu LHURSDAY and FRIDAY BYR
BUS stig ool, _
pargains in Fine Gold Jewelry,
WHOLESALR PRICES
FINE GOLD EAR-RINGS AND PINS.
LIRUSCAN, CAMEO, GARNRKT, &c.
CORAL FAR RINGS AND PINS
ONY A AND JEL EAR-RINGS AND PINS,
Goll BAND AND CHAIN BRACELETS.
GOLD LOCKETS AND NECKLAGKS,
SEAL RINGS, AMETHYST, CAMEO, TOPAZ, ko
SLEEVE BUTTONS AND STUDS,
HAMUKFRCHIEF RINGS, GLOVE FASTENERS
PITAMOND RINGS AND STUDS,
CHILDREN'S GOLD ARMLK1S.
CHILDREN'S GOLD RINGS AND EAR RINGS.
GOLD WATCH-CHAINS.
GALD AND SILVER THIMBLES,
WATCHES AND JEWELRY REPAIRED.
SEE PRICES BEIOKK BUYING
GEO. C, ALLEN, 841 Broadwan,
MA Near Fou terotieh
Bargain in Silverware. i
HOLKSALE PRICES,
GED, C, ALLEN, 841 Broadway, ver Fonrteeo'hwl.
Loak at the Prices.
LOOK AT TJ PRICES.
LOOK AT Td PRICES,
WRITE CHINA DINNER SETS, worth...........830 for $32 00
COLORED and GILT DINNER SETS, worth..... $130. for 80 60
COLORED and GILT CHINA TEA SETS, worth... 871A for 9 08
IVORY-HANDLED DINNER KNIVES, worth.... 811 for 7 30
SILVER-PLATED CASTORS, worthe...covvvuense. 9 for 8 30
MANTEL VASES, CARD RECEIVERS, JARDINAKRES,
FLOWER PO28, ke., &e., at about balf priea
NO CHABGE FOR EXAMINING.
CALL A!D SEE FOR YOURSELVES
Holiday Preseots,
II. T. ANTHONY Co.,
Opp. Metropolitan, 591 Brosdwagp,
Off the following
STEREOSCOPES AND VIEWS,
GRAZHOSCOPES AND SCRXER,
MEGALETHOSCOPES AND SUBJRCTS,
ALBUMS,
ALBUMS,
ALBUMS,
CHEDMOS READY VYRAMED,
E. H. T. ANTIRONY Co.,
Opp. Metropelian, 591 Broadway.
Now and narivaled YOSEMITE VIRWs,
Napoleen™ Cabinet
CHAMPAGNL,
THR WINE USED AT THR RECEPTION OF RINCR ALKXIa
For Sale at the Leading Wine Aleccbants sud Grocers.
LOUCHE FILS Co.,
BOLE. AUGKNTS, JT Beavesst
TTT TTT TRehenek’s Pulmouie Syrup, Gigd
SEAWEED TONIC, and MANDRAKE PILLR
These are the only medicines that will cure 'glavoary Coasumption.
Dr. SCHENCK has beea ia constant practice over thuty years conte
ually examining longs, and kvows his medicines, il properiy taken, mill
care Coan mption. His MANDRAKRE PILLS clecuse ihe ler and g
stomach; his SEAWEED TONIC dissolves the food, atimalates tho coats
ing of the stomaed, and makes it digest His PULMONIC SAKUF ripeas
the matter, and nature throws it of without any exertion
JOHN F. HENRY,
No 8 College-place, New-York,
Eda Wholesale Ageut.
4 Warmnee! Co. Hatters,
GEN iv STOTT SEVEN DOLLARS.
LADIES’, GENTS’, AND BOYS
FURS,
ALL THE NEW STYLES EY HATS,
Complete 1a every department, al crate prices,
ple senaEw 319 BROADWAY.
“American Tnstitate Farmers’ Club. Ths Club meets
every TUESDAY, of clock, 88 the Ronis id the Institute, in the
i res! a agricultural hoproverse:ts are ine
Soojes Bella NATHAN Co KLY, Pressteat
Jonny W. CrANBRRS, Seerctarr.
“Post-Ofice Notleo.—~ he MAILS tor KMIOPE during the week
iy SATURDAY. Dee. 20, 1871, will close at thy oes vo TULADAT
atl] a ou WLDNESDAY at 10 a wo wodon SAT RDAY at 1)
aw io 2 ae PU JONES Posasser
oh Sha Stntunry, ea
Py Lh, Ives
Vu bal bor ana lg
At Srila w
z
W. J. P. BROADWAY.


Guecial Nolices
“Reanutiful Presents.