Bret attracted particular notice a few Team
ago by a series of sermons delivered b y him
in the old Cbnrch of the Puritans In
Union square. He speaks very deliberately,
though not slowly, and delivers bis sermons
in a manner to give one the impression that
?they have been first written and then com
mitted to memory. When be has announced
bis text he closes the Bible and talks to the
congregation with very little apparent exoite
ment or earnestness. He is popular with his
people but some of them we know think he
runs too much after ''sensation" topics to be
as useful as he might be. There is a good
<deal of Methodist spirit and fire among his
people, as their prayer meetings testify, and
when they wanted a missionary some time
ago they sought a Methodist in preferenoe to
any other. And in this spirit Mr. Northrup
shares, though not to that extent which his
people do. His polished style of oratory will
Aot allow him to forget the minister in the man
as folly as might be desired. He is, never
theless, heartily with his church in every
Christian and local enterprise, and is occuying
a prominent position to-day in the Presby
terian Church in this city.
Tfce BaWatr* Eftieopil Convention.
The regular triennial Convention of the
Kpisoopal Church, which has been sitting in
Baltimore for the last couple of weeks, has
already accomplished much and promises,
before it adjourns, to accomplish much more.
Perhaps, however, its greatest work so far has
been to show the religious world that it is pos
sible to discuss such inflammatory topics as
ritualism and infant baptism without losing
the charitable temper and moderate language
vof a Christian gentleman. Some of the
speeches made on these and similar questions
jhave been earnest and excited, but we have
Jjet to bear of such violent and undignified
debates as disgraced a convocation in England
-a few years back. The Convention, by the
temperate wisdom of its conduct in this regard,
fias won the respect of all American Episco
palians.
The struggle between the two great parties
of the Church "High" and "Low" is, how
ever none the less real and severe because it
Is neither noisy nor unseemly. The Episcopal
Church now embraces men who differ from
^ach other in theology almost as widely as a
Greek Catholic and a Congregation alist. The
one party believe in the real presence, the
?acrificial character of the priest, the saving
change wrought by baptism, even npon an
unconscious infant, and other kindred "high
yacrameotarian" doctrines. They approve as
adjuncts of the discipline of the Churob, con
cession, penance, vows of celibacy, Ac.; and
they place high value upon what Bishop Butler
/of the Analogy) ealled "external religion"?
Isuch practices, for instance, as making the
feign of the cross and bowing at the name of
jjesus. Opposed to this party is another, who
disbelieve in transubstantiation, and take "low
Jriews" of the functions of the priest, and bate
with an uncompromising hatred anything that
?maoks, however faintly, of the doctrine and
Cractioes of the Romish Ohurob. It seems
'onderful that a Church should have existed
fcor a oouple of centnrtes thus divided against
Itself by two spools of thought so decidedly
^tajtaTlatlc. There axe no signs, however, as
vet of a coming disunion, and the present Con
tention officially declares that the Church was
perer before In a state of more perfect unity.
jTbe debates, Indeed, show a tolerance and for
Jbearance and spirit of reconciliation which
^Donolusively demonstrate the Impossibility of
an immediate schism. The fight may go gal
lantly on within the linea of the Church but
the victors seemed disposed always to make a
magnanimous use of their triumph and
to save the consciences of the vanquished
as far as possible, by accepting verbal com
promises.
So far the most important action taken by
the Convention has been a declaration by the
Boose ot Bishops tbat the word "regenerate"
)n the offloee for infant baptism is "not so
josed as to determine that a moral change in
the subject of baptism is wrought in the sacra
ment." The conflict upon ritnal excesses has
feet to come off bnt the indications are that
}he Convention will adjourn withont taking any
Cecisive action upon this perilous question,
here is, however, now before it the report of
committee recommending the passage of
Canons forbidding certain specific acts in the
administration of the Lord's Supper and
prescribing the vestments to be worn by the
jpriest. Such canons would be very obnoxious
|o all men of high views, and even the ex
treme evangelicals avow their belief that any
provisions of this character could be evaded
In the future as in the past. It does not seem
probable, therefore, at present, that they will
Jbe passed.
A Rkioh ov Terror is reported in the
region of Soath Carolina covered by the
President's proclamation of martial law and
tapoa the property of citisens who have fled
depredations, it is given out, are committed
P>y negroes and other eril-disposed persons
?nd doubtful fight is reported as having
Itekea place between a band of Ku Klux and
the United 8tates troops on Broad River.
feRils is unpleasant intelligence bat the most
icurious feature of it is that about "citisens
Who have fled." Why have they fled? Let
them stop in their mad career and answer this
?question.
How It Originated. The story of the cow
?nd the kerosene lamp having been the origin
of the Chioago lire is squelched by the
affidavits of the owners of the property, who
?wear tbat there was no (Ire in their stable
that night, and that their cows were milked
Itofore dark. This is unfortunate, for the
lesson taught by the supposed origin of the
conflagration In connection with kerosene
might have been the means of saving many a
human life by causing more care to be used in
handling the Inflammable material. The origin
of the fire, therefore, still remains a mystery.
Tub Grand Cyclops. It is said that the
Grand Cyclops of the Ku Klux Klan of
Georgia Is no less a personage than a son-in
law of General Toombs, that famous man
who threatened, once upon a time, to call the
roll of his slaves from the apex of Bunker
Bill Monument amid the flashing lightnings
of Southern rights and the rattling thunders of
the constitution. It must be this man and not
that other man who is the Grand Cyclops of
.(fee Georgia Ku Kluxes.
TURKEY
The Sultan About to Confiscate the Property
of the Clinreh.
A Conflict Between the Crown and the Clergy
in Frcspect
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YOM HERAUL
London, Oct 23, 1871.
Telegrams from Constantinople report that the
Turkish government intends to appropriate the
eoclesiaetloal property of the Mosques to the use of
the State.
TH> liOSQUI INCOMES? PROPIKTT CLAIMS OV TUB
MUSSULMAN CLEBdT AND DANQRB8 OF TI1B BE
FOBM.
Some short time since we had intelligence from
Constantinople like to the above. It was then
stated that the Turkish government had re
solved to adopt measures "/or the belter man*
ogement, and In some cades for the sale of the
ecclesiastical property of the country," bat the
terms wnich were used in speaking of the
matter rendered the proposed course somewhat dif
ficult of comprehension to persons who had not paid
attention to Turkish nomenclature or the political
situation which existed at the moment in the rorte
capital.
It is generally believed abroad? In Europe and
America particularly that vacouf or church prop
erty In Turkey Is nothing else than certain mainmort
estates, held under different titles by a grasping
clergy. Thus, public opinion gives an easy acquies
cence to any act of vigor emanating from the Sul
tan against it; In fact, it is wished that the Otto
man government should follow the exam
ple act by the Western Catholic nation?. In
Turxey public worship is not supported at
the cost of the state. The mosques, schools, alms
houses, baths and soap kitchens for the poor have
all proceeded from private persons, who, in order
to assure the preservaiton or these pious founda
tions, have, in conformity with the law, endowed
them with a perpetual rent, which Is secured on
freehold property designated by the donor. Such Is
the consecration of the vacouf property, and such
the origin of all the religions establishments in the
empire. Properly speaking, there is no Mussulman
clergy; each foundation pays out of its revenues
some servitors called Imans, In the mosques, and
the sheik-ul -Islam. In consequence or the civil
rule which the Koran exercises In family transac
tions, such as marriages, wills, donations, adoption
of children, divorce, this person Is more the presi
dent of a tribunal of appeal than a religious chief;
The bolder ol a vacouf enters npon the enjoyment
of it after having undertaken the following engage
ments towards the foaader:?
Ftrst? The payment or a determined sum.
Second His direct heirs aloue have the right to
Inherit, to the exclusion or collateral branches.
In case the holder, who is rather the possessor of
the income than the proprietor, dies without direct
Issue the property goes to tne administration,
which puts It up to auction and sells It to the high
est bidder, Imposing on him the conditions stipulated
by the founder. The produce or the adjudication la
added to the foundation, and the sum paid is evi
dently very Inferior to the real value of the property,
which is depreciated by the charges with which it
remains saddled. In certain parts of the Turkish
empire the vacoufs which have not found pur
chasers remain unused and unproductive both ror
the State and the work lor which they
were designed. All v?coyf| are exempt from
taxes, and, according to persons who know Tur
key well, they embrace at least one-fourth of
the whole territory At Constantinople the propor
tion Is much greater, being estimated at two-thirds,
uurda. in case of seizure by the State of
such dedicated property it ta easy to un
derstand what profound changes would be
caused in the situation of families and in private
fortunes by a law modifying the conditions of mar
riage and inheritance. The poor most also be
thought of, so that the subject or Church property
confiscation generally requires the most comprehen
sive, liberal and enlightened treatment by the states
men or Turkey. Otherwise It may produoe in Unite
trouble In the East. I
ENGLAND.
Deep Sea Electricity in Aid of Chicago.
1ELKMN TO Tig HEW YMX KERAUL
London, Oct. 22, 1871.
Toe Atlantic cable companies bare agreed to
allow telegrams relating to the reliet of Chicago to
pass over their wires (tee or tolls.
SPAIN.
Political Calculations of the Formation of a
Mixed Cabinet
TCLCEIAH TO TtjMEW YORK HEiULl
Madrid, Oct. 22. 1(71.
A rumor prevails in political circles to the efltct
that a project Is on foot for the arrangement of a
new Ministerial combination, in which seflors sa
gas la and Zortlla and one Influential Spanish demo
crat are included.
They are named as being likely to ooalesoe for the
purpose of effecting a rearrangement of the Cabinet.
THE BONAPABTES.
Prince Napoleon Safe in Cors ca.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YOSX HESAl'J.
Paris. Oct. 22, 1871.
Prince Napoleon Bona pane landed at Aiaccio,
Corsica, yesterday, after his exciting travel to and
from Valence.
There was no demonstration made by the Corsi
oans on me occasion of his arrival.
NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
New* iron thr United Shim Astatic Pqnedrea.
The special correspondent of the Dbrald in Japan,
writing on the nth ot September, reports as fol
lows:?
There has been no change w the looation of the
Asiatic squadron since my last letter.
Lieutenant Commander Douglas R. Cassell has
been detached from the Alaska as executive officer
and ordered to the Ashuelot.
First Assistant Engineer w. h. Ring is detached
from the Alaska aad ordered home for examination
for promotion.
lieutenant Commander Walter Abbott has been
ordered u^the Alaska as executive offlcer.
Chief Engineer C. E. ue Valln baa also been or.
dered to the same vessel.
Fatal Aceldeat ea Beard the Colored*.
On the morning of the 31st ulu a quarter gunner,
named 1. H. Smith, on board the Colorado^ feu from
the main yard to the deck while the crew were
going through the manoeuvre of furling sails, and
broke nis neca and inflicting other injuries, from
which death resulted almost instantaneously. He
was a native of the United states and aged twenty,
eight years.
DARING BOBBBBY OP AN EXPRE88 OAR.
CAIRO, III., Oct, 22. 1871.
At Union City, Tenn., last night, while the passen
gers ol a Mobile and Ohio Railroad train were at
supper, three men jumped on the engine and ran
the train back on the track for two miles, while two
others entered the express car and robbed the safe
of about $4,ooo. The messenger was at supper and
had left one man on guard, who was overpowered by
the robbers. The tnieves eecaoed.
A SMUGGLER CAUGHT IN HOBO KEN.
A seaman named Frits Qiaoton was arrested
yesterday afternoon while attempting to make away
with six packages of cigars from the German
steamer lying In dock. The custom offlcer, Samuel
Barker, took him to the station house, where he
was imprisoned to await an Investigation. Hmug<
gting is extensively carried on througn the German
steamers and the guilty Dames generally menage
to elude the vixiiaooe of the authorities.
NATIONAL COLORED CONVENTION.
The Nation's Full Grown Wards
Discussing Their liights.
President Grant Endorsed? Carpet-Baggers Com
mended? The American People Aaked to
Extend Further Social and Commer
cial Privilege* to the Negroea
Columbia, S. O., Oct. 22, 1871.
Tbe National Colored Convention met In Colom
bia on Wednesday. Lieutenant Governor Rangier, of
Hooch Carolina, being permanent President.
On Thursday resolutions endorsing President
Grant's administration irere Introduced and refer
red. Resolutions were adopted advocating the pre
servation of the reconstructed State governments
and existing lawe, and the continuance in power of
the republican party* also endorsing those republi
cans who have come to the South from the North,
and deprecating an attack upon any olass within
the republican ranks.
Resolutions were passed on Fridar deprecating
emigration to Liberia.
Congressman Elliott, of South Carolina, submit
ted yesterday an address to the American people.
It asks for a mora perfect recognition of the colored
people in the workshops and all other Industrial
pursuits, thst tney mar become proflcient to me
chanical sciences, and thereby protect skilled arti
sans from having to compete in tne market with
workmen of Inferior capacity, and asks fr^m Con
gress aid for the education of the poor ohildren of
the South. It demands one standard of duty or
poller for all citizens, it afllrms that the colored
citizens have no desire to strike a line of action not
common to the whole people, and conclndos with a
hope for a speedy abolition of slavery In every part
of the world.
LITERATURE.
CRITICISMS OF NEW BOOKS.
Tim Ahrrican Traveler's Guide. Harphr's
Handbook for Travkllkrs in Eiruors and
tm East. By w. Pembroke Fetrldge. Tenth Year.
New York: Harper A Brothers, 187X. lima, pp.
765.
"Travelling," says Emerson, ''la ft fool's para
dise." Without stopping to consider in what sense
this oracular assertion Is true, we may remark that,
or all people on the earth's surface, the English and
the Americans are. par exce'.ltmce the travelling
races, if we keep on at the rate of the last few
years, It will aoon be rare to And an Intelligent
American, at least In our leading cities, who has not
visited Europe. That there is a sufflclently large class
01 buyers or this five dollar "Handbook for Travellers
in Europe" to pay for the Issue of completely new
editions every year Is a Mara meant proof of the
spread of the European epidemic among us. For
ten years has this nuge pocket-book of routes been
revised and lasueJ as an annual from the press of
the narpers. As the only work professing to cover
the Continent of Europe which is annually Issued
Its place in the category of gnlde books Is a marked
and Important one, and entails corresponding obli
gations upon publishers and compiler to make It
everything which can fairly be exacted of such an
enterprise.
The work Is very full, very well printed, abound
ing in maps of a certain class and generally well
written. The compiler takes pains to have it known
tbat he constantly resides abroad for the purpose of
securing the freshest and most trustworthy Infor
mation about all new routes or travel and
changes in hotels and city edifices. Tnat
he bas succeeded In combining Into his
volume by repeated revisions more of
interest and value to travellers than any other single
work contains is undoubtedly true. Such a book Is
and must continue to be a comfort to all persons
visiting foreign lanls, as well as valuable to tnou
sands belonging to the "can't-get-away club, who
wish to have In compact shape some good index to
the sights and scenes of the Old World.
Yet there are grave faults la this work which it
would be an unworthy use of the offlce of orltlcism
to terrain rrom exposing. It is no part or the runc
tlon of tne reviewer to Join In an indiscriminate
chorus of laudations even of a book apparently well
established In public favor. On the contrary, the
more prominent the space filled or attempted
to be filled by the work the more essential does It
become that Its defects should be pointed out, In
order that they may be remedied. The present issue,
while omitting several pages ot matter which had
become obsolete? chiefly in the portions relating to
France contains about rorty pages or wholly new
material. This relates especially to London and
other parts of England, which are described In this
edition with far more fulness than before. Many
new maps of cities also appear for the first time in
this issue.
We must remark, In general criticism or the plan
of the work, that it contains far too lew maps of
special countries and routes, while it is needlessly
full or plans ot cities and towns. By actual count?
for we look in vain in the table of contents (or any
list of maps whatever? there are fifty-three plans of
cities and parts or cities and ouiy eleven maps of
countries. This exactly reverses the customsry
wants of the traveller, who needs constantly berore
him the best route maps or every country he Is
likely to visit, while the mere street plans or cities
are comparatively useless to blm while en route,
and very certain to be supplied In abun lantly cheap
rormsln each city visited whenwanted. or what
use is It to the traveller contom JSting a European
tour to have his route boo* filled with elaborate
ground plans or suoli minor cities as Stockholm,
Pisa and Glasgow, when he looks In vain In Its am
ple pages ror a map or France, or Germany or or
Italy f
One more remark on tho subject of maps. Why li
it that neither in this guide book nor In any English
or American issue that we nave seen there nas not
i yet been adopted any or the first class work that
characterizes the German handbooks of travel r J
Why cannot the admirably clear, sharp and beauti
ful cartography of Wagner, at Darmstadt, or the not
less admirable lithograph of Justus Perthe's msp
establishment at Gotha be availed or to illustrate
our best guide books? Let any reader contrast the
beautiful map work In even the cheap German
haudbooks (as In Bedeker's "Switzerland,"
for example), with the muddy appearance or the
maps of Great Britain in "Harper's Handbook of
European Travel." In the former the outlines or
every district stand out clear and sharp; the rivers
and lakes are finely colored in blue, the mountains
are delicately shaded in brown, and the roads and
railways are faced with a masterly clearness that
leaves nothing to be desireu. In the latter, though
the map work is executed In London (bearing the
Imprint of "Stanford's Geographical Establish
ment"), there Is great Indistinctness and falntness
of outline; no coloring whatever 1s used, and the
names of places are sometimes almost indistinguish
able by the naked eye. Yet these maps are rar above
the average round in American and English guide
books, so lamentaoly wretched Is the standard or
such things with ns.
We regret to notice, as we have done in all for
mer issues or this work, a very considerable amount
or puffery or Individuals and firms engaged In busi
ness. Thus we are informed, on page 93, thai "the
most rashlonabie tailors in London arc Messrs.
New Bond street. Nearly all the best-dressed
Americans abroad are their customers." This state
ment, twsldes being absurdly wide or the truth, is In
outrageously bad lasto in a work making any pre
tensions to be accepted as a fair and Impartial
guide to travellers. What confidence can wc placc
In Mr. Fetrldge's Judgment or foreign places, hotels,
Ac., if we are to be continually reminded that his
book Is lull or advertising dodgos or the most trans
parent description?
There is one piece or advice to travellers for which
the editor or Uiis work will not receive the thanks of
American Ministers abroad:?1 "The author would
reiterate his advice, by all means, in visiting or
passing through a place, to call and pay your re
spects to the representative or your country." And,
by way or snowing every traveller bow to do It, he
paradm a list or diplomatic and oonsular agents
realdent abroad. However It may oe with consuls
in the smaller oiues. it is certaUtfy very uuuwee
?ary encroachment on the time of foreign Mutators
to hue every countryman who chances to set his
foot in Karope, in no public character, baton private
business or pleasure, running tnem down or ensuing
them up for personal attentions. The list tliat
is glvon, moreover, of these oflRclals, is
extremely Inaocurate, and has not been revised for
years. Mr. Sheilabarger is not our Minister Real
dent at Lisbon, whatever Mr. Fetrldge may think,
nor Edward Joy Morris at Constantinople, nor a C.
Andrews at Copenhagen; nor Is Rev. M. J. Cramer
Consul at Leipsic; nor la It. B. Van Valkenburgh
Minister to Japan.
In the portions of the work devoted to Prance, and
especially to Paris, the necessities of the times have
led to great retrenchment of matter. And we are
happy to observe that this has operated to the better
ment or the book in every respect. Whole pages of
complimentary flunky lam concerning the great Em
peror Louis Napoleon which appeared In former edi
tions have been eliminated. It is true that, In mak
ing elisions and substitutions, extreme awkwardness
results In some cases. Thus, on page 203, which
contained a long and deUtied description of the
ceremony of a presentation at tne Court of the Em
peror, the reader flnds a whole paragraph gouged
out as with a chisel, while what went before and
after is left in a ludicrous non ?*quUur, as
follows:?
Most travellers will be anxious ror a presentation
to the
but witnessing tne magnificent state apartments In
all Iheir brilliancy, as ail persons presented attend
the state ball ou the same evening.
A similar surgical operation has been performed
on the page following, with a result almost equally
bunding.
While great pains hava been taken in some
places to bring the work up to the present time?
a chronology of the Franco-German war
being lntrodnced, for example, Into the
description of Paris? other anachronisms are left
wholly wlthont correction. Thns the old descrip
tions of the Tnileries and the Hotel de Ville are re
printed at length without a word about the burn,
lng, though we are assured In the preface that the
work is brought up to May of the present year. Un
der Switzerland nothing is said of the railway to the
top of Mount Rigl, though it nas been In successful
operation for many months. The twenty concluding
pages of the work, which are devoted to the United
States, are Btui more crowded with blunders and
anachronisms. The Information conveyed was
musty, If trae, ten yoars ago, but is now utterly be
hind the times. In fact, the whole matter relating
to the United States should be left out, as out of
place In what purports to be a handbook for travel
lers In Enrope, and its place supplied by new
matter.
Of what benefit Is it, for example, to keep spread
ing belore the travelling public, In annual editions,
such misinformation as the following:? That "the
Harper Building, with the new County Court House,
are the onlv two complete fireproof buildings In
New York" (page 710); that the population of
Chicago la 100,000 (page 726); that the suspension
bridge across the Ohio, from Cincinnati to Coving
ton, *'ls in a fair way to completion" (page 728);
that the principal hotels at Saratoga aro Union
Hall, the United States and Congress Hall (page
732); that the principal theatres in Boston are the
Academy of Music, Howard Athenaeum and Boston
Museum (page 730); and that by the Newport line,
from Boston to New York, travellers take the
steamer at Fall River for .Vetvport r
Thb book of thh Ka8t and OrniR Poems. By
Ricnard Henry Stoddard. Boston: James it.
Osgood A Co., 1871. 16mo., pp. v., 249.
Though tie title u a misnomer (the poems called
"The Book or East" Ailing but a few pages, and
those at the end of the volume), there Is good stnff
in this little book. Here are poems of love and war,
personal poems, poems of society and poems of
literature and mythology. Through all these runs a
pure taste and a felicity of execution, which, with
much that ts Imitative, and little that is original or
very striking, renders the work pleasant reading to
anch lovers of the muse as are not always in fastidi
ous mood, and who do not Insist that nobody shall
sing save they who Know "to build the lofty rhyme."
Bapbir'8 American Book op Rbadt Made
Speeches. New fork: Dick A Fitzgerald.
Tae speeches in this volume are well enough in
their way, but thoy cannot save It from being em
phatically what theologians call "a work of super
erogation," at least In this country, where "the gift
or gab" is unhappily universal. good substitute
for the book would be a conspicuous placard in the
scnool room, with this inscription:? "speech la sil
vern but silence is golden."
LITERARY CHIT-CHAT.
Mark Twain's Nrw book, now la pre3s in Hart
ford, will be a description of a trip to California in
the flush times of 1849, with humorous reminiscences
of the gold excitement, all of which he saw and
part of which he wa&
Louis Fiqcibr's New Book, "The Future Life Ac
cording to Science," will be published in a transla
tion by Roberts Brothers, of Boston.
Miss Edna Dean Proctor, of Brooklyn, well
known as a writer of graphic prose and melodlons
poetry, has In press "A Russian Journey," descrip
tive ol a tour of over a year performed by her in
the vast and progressive Russian empire. J. R.
Osgood A Co. will bring out the book.
A Niw Pork, entitled "The Wanderer," by Wil
liam EUcry (.'banning, nephew of Dr. Channlng, is In
the press or J. R. Osgood A Co.
Mr. Grant's "History of the Newspaper Press" has
appeared in London, and the Athenarum says It Is
"loosely put together," though Interesting. What
else could be expected or tlie autnor of "hair a
hundred volumes f"
"Memories of thi British Mrs bum" Is the title
of a book soon to appear rrom the pen or Mr. Rob
ert Cowtan, long an assistant librarian In that use
rui institution.
mr. E. A. Freeman's "History or the Norman
Conquest'' Is to i? completed soon by the Issue or
a fifth volume. When will he complete his "His
tory of Federal Government," the first volume or
which was published as far back as 1863?
Messrs. o. P. Putnam A Sons will soon complete
their publication of the late John P. Kennedy's
writings by nls "Political Papers, Occasional Ad
dresses and Miscellanies."
Gordon Ccmmino, the ATrlcan traveller, has
published a new book entitled "Wild Men and
Wild Beasts; scenes In Camp and Jungle."
Amono tub Multitude of private libraries, more
or less valuable, destroyed In the Chicago Ore were
the collections of E. B. McCagg, rich In philology
and English literature; John Y. H caramon, notable
for Ha large collection of Swedenborglan literature;
H. L. Monroe and Perry H. Smith.
Mrs. a. D. T. Whitnky'8 New stort, under the
Utle or "Real Folks," is in the press or J. R. osgood
A Co., Boston.
j. T. Trowbridgb, tne popular novelist for the
juveniles, will soon publish "Jack Hazard and His
Fortunes," a atory ror every boy.
Mrs. george Lcwr, or Boston, is said to M the
author or that remarkable book on insane asylums
entitled "Behind the Bars."
Libbl Sum have been brought against seven Ger
man authors and Journalists by Count Benedettl,
whose fault or wnoee misfortune it was to hasten
the declaration of war by Franc* agamat Germany.
Louisa Mfihlbach, tne novelist, has the honor to oe
one of the sued. As tne Prussian tribunals have to
try tho cases M. Benedettl may net more cost than
damages.
Madame Rattazzi has written a new poiitleo
romanilc book, entitled "Les Mystores dn Second
Empire."
Lord St. Leonards, now ninety-one, has been
appropriately honored oy the dedication to him or a
new book, entitled "The Secret of I/ong Life." Rls
Lordship wrote, as Edward Sugden, slxty-aix years
ago, a famous book on Vendors and another on
powers, both or which are among the law textbooka
frequently reprinted.
Edmund About, It la said, receives the largest
salary paid to any French Journalist? 40, ooo iranes
per annum.
ScnooLs of TrrooRArHT are established in most
cities oi Germany, and so groat is the excellence, com
bined with cheapness, attained in the t) pographic
art, that multitudes of English books, designed
for English circulation, are set up and printed in
Germany, at the order ol London publishers. Such
j technical schools have little or ao existence la tag
I Una of the united
WASHINGTON.
Return of til 0 President to Hia
Winter Quarters.
Preparations for ?bsehjing the
Transit of Yeaas.
The Cuho of PnymWfftor
Paulding.
Washington, Oct 30, 1871.
Tk* (Utorn mt the PreiMrai.
The Presidential party retained Here this morning
from their New England tour, much pleased with
the cordial reception which they everywhere met
on their journey. Some or the gentlemen who
accompanied the President declare that he has
every reason to feholtate himself on his popularity
with the New England people. These persons also
speak or the absenoe of Senator Sumner from all or
the demonstrations as exceedingly marked, in view
ot the fact that nearly every prominent public man
within reach or the Preiudent's rou'.e took occasion
to meet, and In many instances to accompany the
party. Now that the executive branch or the
government is back to Washington ror the winter
we may expect active preparation ror the coming
session or Congress A number of Senators are
already here, and every day adds to the list ot
arrivals. A Cabinet meeting will probably be held
on Tneaday.
Tbe Approaching E'lipae ot the Hon? Prepa
rations of (he Helen lints.
The United States viU not partioipAte with tbe
governments of Europe in making observations or
the total eclipse of the snn on tbe 12th of December
next. Tbe corps of obseryers at tbe Naval Observa
tory would cheerfully have accepted the Invitation
of the British astronomers, but owing to their ab
sence last year in making observations or ibe eclipse
in Southern Europe the work of tbe Observatory is
very much behind, and they alone oonid have been
despatched nnder orders of the Navy Department,
oar government failing to make provision (or an
expedition to Asia. Toe corps of professors
who were in Southern Europe last December?
Messrs Simon Newcomb, Asaph Hall, William
flarkness an1 John R. Eastman? have, in
addition to their regular duties since tbelr return,
had the additional work or preparing reports or tbe
observations made on the occasion or tbe la?t total
eclipse. Besides, if these additional duties had not
been Imposed upon them, a greater duty has been
assigned two of the principal professors, Messrs.
Hark n ess and Newcomb, now engaged In making
experiments in photography to determine lis value
for astronomical purposes, this being the first pre
paration for making observations of the approach
ing transit ot Venus In 1874. It will be visible only
in Australia and along tbe coast of China and
Japan, and as it Is the intention of tbe Dnlted
States to send a very large scientific expedition to
this portion of the globe ror the purpose of making
the most extended observations, the Navy
Department desires to take the lead
on that occasion, as it did on the occasion of the
total eclipse of the aun in August, 1890, ana Decem
ber, 1870. Congress, at its last session, designated
Admiral Sands and Protessors Newcomb and Hark
ness, or the Naval Observatory, and Professor B. F.
Pierce, of tbe United States Coast Survey, and Pro
fessor Joseph Henry, ot the Smithsonian Institute,
a Board under whose direction all money appropri
ated to derray tbe expenses of the preparations for
tnis expedition Bhould do expended. It has long
been a dispute among scientists whether photo,
graphy is of trustworthy servloe in making astro
nomical observations, and that science may have tbe
benefit or their tests, the first appropriation of
$2,000 will be nsed in the most careful experiments
tha' can be made.
The report of the observations of the total eolipse
in southern Europe last December, made by the
Naval Observatory professors, will be the first pub
lished b y an y of the corps of observer* sent to (he
Mediterranean bj the leading: nations of the earth.
The work is now complete in the hands of the gov
ernment printer, and the first copies are expected
to be ready for distribution on the 1st or Novem
ber. It will contain an introductory aritcle from
Admiral B. F. Sands, Superintendent of tne Obser
vatory; Professors Simon Newcomb, Asaph Hall,
William Harkness and John R. Eastman, or the Ob
servatory, and Captain O. T. Tnpman, or the English
service. It will be a volume of 13? quarto pages,
well illustrated, and will contain much valuable in
formation. The most Important report In the forth
coming volume will be, as in the one on the eclipse
In I860, fiom the pen of Professor William Harkness.
He was stationed on the isle of Sicily, and his line
of observations were nearly the same as followed at
Des Moines on August 7, 1869. in this report he ad
vances an original opinion concerning the physical
construction of the corona or the sun. He says that
after a thorough discussion of all known facts, he
bas come to the conclusion that, when seen in a clear
sky, the corona la purely a solar phenomenon, pro
duced by a vast body of incandescent gaa which
surrounds the sun and is erupted rrom It in the
same manner as the red prominences. Of this Pro
fessor Harkness was fully satisfied at the conclusion
of his last observation, and that opinion has been
confirmed by the careful examination of the reports
of the most eminent observers who have directed
their attention to what has so long been known as
the astronomers' puzzle.
Tli? Cane of Major Paulding.
In connection with Ike (lodge defalcation, Mate
menu were reoentty made which do Injustice to Ma
jor Paulding, formerly paymaster ln|tne army, who,
in 1M6, waa tried for an alleged violation or an
order In baring transferred his deposits from the
First National Bank to the Merchants' National
Bank, which institution soon thereafter failed, the
government losing tne entire amount of money. In.
atead of baring (>een tried as a defaulter, be waa,
according to the finding of the Court, especially ex
onerated from having any personal or Interested
motive in mating the transfer. Neither la it true
that ne waa ever In the Penitentiary, nor
did the Court's sentence so remand him. He waa
ordered to a military prison for a year, and waa in
Fort McHenry for three months, when he was re
leased by order of Secretary Stanton. Hod it been
thought his action la the removal of hla deposit waa
anything more than an error of judgment it seems
qnite certain the penalty for the lorn of $276,000
would have been something more than the one Im
posed, which waa merely nominal confinement
within the grouoda of the garrison on parole. It
waa ahown that he never used for private purpoeea
a dollar ot the |l?o,ooo,ooo entrusted to him, and
went out of offloe poorer than be was when he en
tered the service.
PrssHHlta la the Ra*alan Leratloa.
Mr. Boris Danzas, First Secretary of the Russian I
Legation In this city, baa been promoted to be Coun- J
cilior of the Imperial College of St. Petersburg
This advancement, however, will not Interfere with
hla dutiee at ibe Legation.
Mr. Boatwell
Left lor New York to-night.
Tkr Analo-Anerlraa ('?atari* elan.
The rooms of the United SUtea aad BrtUafc Ooav>
mission have been neatly furnlahed, and apartments
dealgnated for the Court, the Commission, and the
Secretary. The Commissioners are now prepared
for business, bat the session will not be rnaamed
until the 5th of November. la the noontime, In
structions and the necessary utanxs aUl bo furnished
to all who may dealre them.
1 h? Civil narvlea Caaasalnaiaa
was yesterday ens seed la cooaidertag spatial cases
of exemption from the proposed systeca of examina
tions Tor office.
fatfiia.
The Acting Comtalaeiooerar Patents yeeterday ex.
i tended the patent oi John P. Manny, of Rocktord,
ill., for mowUig machines, and refused the appllca
tlon of Nicholas Whitehall, of Ohio, for the exten
sion of tv<k patent for h cultivator.
I itr>SsTiai Ap?ariua* on tteaaiboata.
Tite Boonl of Steamboat Supervising Inspectors
#er? yesterday occupied in discussing aad exapuu-.
t inc life- preserving apparatus.
MARTIAL Li WIN SOUTH CAROLINA
Relgrn of Terror Among the
Citizen*.
THE FIGHT WITH FEDIBU. TROOPS.
Wholesale Arrests bjr the United
v Slates Marshals*
t'OI.WMBI*, 8, Oct. 31 tm.
There been notbiag definite received here MP
to the reported eondict between the eiumt <**4 toe
United 6um troope at Broua Kiver. Parties cUum
l>( to be in dtltetnl confldewte assert that me citt
nm or Kn Kiins met with a repulse, tiougn ther
were armed witr* Winchester sines. The military,
however, deemed I* neoeesary to send for reinforce
menu, wbicu woatdf warrant the- belter that tber
met wltb a determine* resistance ou the part or the
alleged Kir Klux.
Accounts centlnae to ettate that tm* relitn or ter
ror increase* is Soartanbm*, Onion an? York coun*
tieo, and that tiie populace' are tiioroogaij demor
alized. Wnola families are ftylng the .stale, and
women and children are so far the greatest sufferers
by the proclamation of martial law.
Arrests of citizens Mill continue, nntll nowneSrlr
every prominent man in the imMrrectionary coun
ties is Imprisoned ami guarded by tue mlNtary.
Nineteen citizens were brought hero to-day and
lodged In the Jail. United .states Marshal Johnson
says that about sixty mere will be Mronght down
to-morrow In charge of a strong detachment of
troops. Cavalry is chiefly wed In making raids and
arrests.
A private soldier has been imprisoned at Yorkvllle
for advising citizens to fly and avoid arrest. Im
prisonment and the Albany Penitentiary.
Attorney Oeneral Akerman vim ted Yorkvtile about
a week since and instructed the Marshal, his depu
ties and the troops as to the course to be pursued,
after tho proclamation of martial law.
MUSIC AND THIS DRAMA.
Announcrmenia.
Nllxson to-night at the Acadomy. and a jam.
Sothern at Molo's as Lord Dundreary.
Miss Cushmau appears as Meg Merrilies as
Booth's.
??Aggravating Sam" and "The Nervous Man" are
the attractions at Wallace's.
The St. James Theatre (Apollo Hail) opens this
evening with a flue operetta and vaudevHIe com
pany.
'?Pocahontas" will be presented at the Union
Square Theatre.
Wuchtel in "William Tell*' at the Sfadt.
Miss Jennie Ilugbos sings at tbe Comlqne.
Almc6 brings out "Fieur de Tue" this week aft
Llua Edwin's.
lie Cordova lectures for the Chicago sufferers on
Tuesday, at Association Hall.
Dan Kice announces the last week of the Parts
Pavililon Circus in this city.
Mrs. Conway produces Augustln Daly's "Divorce"
tn Brooklyn to-night.
Mine. Parepa-Rosa sings tn "The Messiah" at
Ste;uway Hall to-morrow evening.
Santley sings at the Brooklyn Academy on Friday.
Forrlfi Note*.
M.I1M Amy Sedgwick maile her reappearance oa
the boards of the llaymarfcet Theatre ou the Ml of
October.
A new bonding after the style of the Alhambra,
Leicester square, has been complctod at Brussels,
ana was opened laat month..
Tagllonl baa prepared for the Court Theatre ot
Berlin a grand allegorical ballet illustrative of the
late campaign. Three hundred young virgins
Berlin are to appear in the uniform of Bismarck's
White Cuirassiers.
On the occasion of the fortieth anniversary of in*
appearance on the stage of PrJlnieln Franzista Henr.
or the Court Theatre of Dresden, the King sent tM
distinguished actress a costly present, and her col
leagues presented her with a silver laurel wreath.
Tne officers or the Royal Artillery have relieved
thedulness whlcn prevails in tlie garrison during
the autumn nunu'uvres by giving a draniatio enter
tainment at the soldiers' Theatre, Woolwtoti. The
pieces performed were "Miity White" and "Little
Toddlekms." and the principal actors were Caputs
Ne wail. Captain Ouchtcrlonv and Lieutenant de
Lacy Lacr. They were assisted by Mrs. Poynter
and Miss Hughes.
Liszt has flnisned his grand oratorio, "Christns,"
and sent the manuscript to Vienna, where the work
is to be executed. It is divided iuto three parts and
fourteen characteristic scenes, thus mapped out:?
L introduction. 2. Pastoral and Annunciation of the
Angels. 3. Stabat Mater speciosa. 4. Song of the
Shepherds at the 'radle. 5. The Three lioly Kings.
0. The Ha notification. 7. Pater Noater. 8. The Form
inn of the Church. 0. The Tempest. 10. Entry into
Jerusalem, il. Tristls est auiiua nieo. 12. Stabat
Mater dolorosa. 13. Easter lljnuu. li. chrutt La
risen.
Personal Intelligence.
The Hbbai.d special correspondent In San Pre*
cIsco says:? We have among the recent arrival*
Mrs. Lucks, sister of John Bright, tne English states
man and reformer, sne intends to make a tour of
the world before returning home. 8 lis leaves here
for China shortly.
VIEWS OF THE PAST.
OCTOBKR 23.
1870 Scli'esi adt, France, surrendered to ttie Pro*
mans alter a severe bombardment.
1802- Prince Alfred, of England, was declared
of Greece at Athens.
1850? Tne Canton forts in China attacked a
by the British.
1641? ReiMsiilon or Catholics and massacre by
or 40, 00 J Protestants in Ireland.
MAILS F0II EUROPE.
The steamship Westphalia will leave thla port om
Tuesday for Plymouth and Hamburg.
The malls for Europe will close at the Post Office
at half-past eleven o'clock A. M.
Tun Nbw You Herald? Edition for Europe-*
will be ready at half-past nine o'clock In lUe-morn
ing.
Single copies, In wrappers for mailing, sis cent*.
A.? llerriug'a Pumi
Oil AMl'ION A/tTKH,
Jal iioraM tarrtf urn
A.-FliiiMN lew PsrfsaiM,
"I LOVR YOU"
and "WHITB Rusk."
Asfrll'* Tarktak Bitka,
Lexlnclon itmiw, corner of Timlf-llftt itrset.? fletiffa
men oonstiaUy, da? and night. Ladiee* TorkHfc aa4 Klaotn*
Baibs day sod areata*
A.-A.-A.-llwkiipli'? Weather Htrlee,
Fuiton itreet best, m?ii reliable and alwaps 11m cheapest
A.? Wharf Prapert y for Nal* er Lewae? Htee
ated on Oowsnus Caasi aad baa?n? of tha Brooklya Inuw**.
men! (ktmpaoT. Apply at company's. oflkea, ouraer of TVue
?ireel aad firth avenue, BrookJya.
A?k M. Mailer y, M. I)., 481

Rntefceler'a Hatr I>V? IIib n?>t |a the
world the onlv perfsot dye harnlm^ reliably fnnwuiwa
U all druggleta.
Purnltnr* and Carseta at Terr Uaw films
tor ewk, or aairaMau taken, bp easy tastabnaa*. U B. Mmi
cow p KBTii w arr*H, it* vhJSma. iu*m, s
Uoaae laauraara CoapasTi
Mo. UMk Broadway,
Maw Yo? t, ilel fist-, IWU
r *vioek P. It 1
Tow KbiToa or TUB H*w yd a* aasAi.n?
The following dnanatoh from the Vlte PraKdent of thla
CoMpaoy, now la Chisa#* baa just, been rteeired a iai%
J. H. WA3HBCBX, Heerelarv.
CauuAMO, tIM <>ec. wn.
CraALSh J. Mabtin. Preside^ lloses Inturaape Coae
panyJKsw Tort
If every risk of We Home ln,u-anc? (\wnpe07 affected by
the lata lira here should prove, a total lass, we oeuld not lose
to ssesed two aad a half mlil7?ie dollar*.
Kiamlnatloa and *ettiem?ota to far indicate thai twa
inllltoas will fail* sorer eee tj dollar.
Adjustment* as I setU'/twMt* areproessiKng la the most
satisfactory manuer thr>MM feauag pceralta; new baalsesa
"vt. mujum. w.
Lang White/ Krenla??.? S JO Rll'lardi Table,
Fnllaue cues e^d hail", quick rubber oushioaa Dama
free, AHBoT .'4 illt.'llOiXs, M Liberty street, Nsw York
The W (Uen Shuttle <4etsria? Mn -hUe?Tha
beet an I cheapest Srst olasi maatriee In U? world, orlje
lr<>ia^&(oSidJ, ea?r pa/iaeata. Salesroaa Ul Braaiwa#
The New Dlalafeetaat, Breeie.f hlsralsss,
non p.>leonou? and odorlss% destrors all dlsacreeahie odors
aad preveau ooataai^. Pfepared oalf by flkUIH A
IN Wuuaia street. New Tort. Soul i>y druu'Me