THE FOREST FIRES.
a amet
THR RTORY OF PESYITEGO.
DETAILS OF THE TERRIBLE DISASTER—SCENES
Bi inci WA, WY aa oo
AFFER THE FIRE.
CORRESPONDENT OF THE
PesnteGco, Oct. 20.—This letter, to give it 8
tees! habitation and name, is dated where Peabt 80 Was.
In the glory of this (odian Summer afternoon I look out
en the ghast!lcst clearing that ever lay before mortal
eyes The sandy dreets glisten with frightful smooth
pess, and calcined fragments are all that remain of im
posing edifices and hundreds of peaceful homes. This
eminons clearing is in the center of blackened, with
ered forest of oak, pine, and tamarack, with a swilt
river—the Peshtego—gliding silently through the center
from north-east to south-west. Situated seven miles
frem the Green Bay, on the Peshtego River, the town
commanded all the lumber trade of the north
en peninsula, snd grew rapidly into import
anes se a frontier mart of Chicago. Built by
an enterprising but lately singularly unfortunate Chi
eago sufferer, Willism B. Ogden, the town Das bad but
one purpose, to make money for its founder and keep up
the lumber interests. But one industry breeds many,
and fn time s railroad running seven miles to the bay
connected the little city with the great chain of lakes.
Great founderies and machine-shops rose on the banks of
the river, and busy mill stood in ceaseless operation in
with a rich and various growth of timber, and a trade of
yeare stood always in prospective to her busy people.
The great Northern Pacific Rallroad was to be tapped by
a road even mow building to the place where Pesh
sege wae, and every hamlet and town in northern Wis
sonsin envied and admired the wonderful little city.
the venter of the town. The banks of the Peshtego toem
The keen eye of trade and speculation was not de
eedved; population flocked in amain, and fully 2,000
poeple had established permanent homes. The site was
well ehosen for beauty as well as business; the river at
thie point runs through a slight bluff, which breaks into
low flat before the stream escapes from tho borders of
the town. The exccllent water-power, a8 well as the
mmber interest, had determined the spot, and a mill
was one of the first establishments in operation when the
walls of the village began to rise. Below the mill the
ground on either bank sloped gently into low, pebbly
flats, which joined the water's edge a few rods from the
senter of the town. The business and residence strects
were while and well laid out, the houses prettily built and
earefully painted, aud little ornamental gardens were
froguent.
The river cut the town pretty fairly in twain, the
works and shops of the Peshteyo Company covering
most of the north-eastern shore, whjle trade and business
fer the main part held themselves on t1.8 sputli-western
2 Tho site Wai, and is to this day, unmistakably a
ing. A solid wall of pine, oak, and tamarack hedge
ta the desolate waste even now. As it stood, the pretty
bustling village combined tle orderly enterprise of New
England and the irrepressible vigor of the typical West
ern “sity.” Roads cut through the forest communicated
with a long line of prospering lumbering hamlets and
thriving farms, to the west and south. The surrounding
woods were interspersed with innumerable open glades,
of crisp brown herbage and dried furze, which Lad for
weeks glowed with the Autumn fires that infest these
regions. Little heed was paid them, for the first rain
would inevitably quench the flames. But the rain never
came, and finally vallant battle was waged far and near
against the slowly increasing fires. In this, asin other
towns, the danger was thought |well warded off by
the general precautions, The fire had raged up to the
very outskirts of the town weeks before that fautal'Sun
day and the fires get outward to fight the enemy. Every
thing inflammable had apparently been taken out of
harm's way on that memorable funaay. One careful
oitizen traversed the western outskirt, and assured his
peopie that no danger could cowe from that guarter.
THE FIERY HURRICANE.
The sharp air of early October had gent the people in
from tho evening church services more promptly than
usual, although numbers delayed to speculate on a great
noise aud ado which set in ominously from the west.
The housewives looked tremblingly at the fires and lights
within and the men took a last look at the possibilities
without; for many it was truly a last glimpse. The noise
grew in volume, and came nearer and nearer with ter
rifio erackling and detonations. The forest rocked and
fessed twmultuously a dire alarm fell upon the impris
ened village, for the swirling blasts came mow from
every eide. In one awful instant, bofore expectation
could give shape to the horror, a great flame shot up in
the western heavens, and in countless flery tongues
struck downward into the village, piercing every object
that stood in the town like a red-hot bolt. A deafening
roar, mingled with blaste of electric flame, filled the air
and paralyzed every eoul in the place. There was no
beginning to the work of ruin; the flaming whirl
wind swirled in an instant through the town.
Shere is po diversity in general experience; all heard
the first inexplicable roar; some aver that the earth
shook, while a credulous few avow that the heavens
opened, and the fire rained down from above. Moved
by a common instinct, for all knew that the woods that
encircled the town were impenetrable, every habitation
was deserted to the flames, and the gasping multitude
focked to the river. On the west the mad horde saw the
pridge In flames in a score of places, and, turning
sharply to the left, with one sccord, plunged into the
water. Three hundred people wedged themselves in be
tween the rolling booms, swayed to and fro by the cur
rent, where they roasted in the hot breath of flame that
bevered ahove them, and singed the bair on each head
mementarily exposed above tho water. Here despairing
men and women held their children till the cold water
came as an ally to the flames, and deprived them of
strength.
Meantime the eastern bank wae densely crowded by
the dying and the dead. Rushing to the river from this
direction the swirling blasts met the victims full in the
gace and mowed a swath through the fleeing throng. In
halation was annihilation. Scores fell before the first
Blast. A few were able to crawl to the pebbly flats, but
so dreadfully disfigured that death must have been pref
erable. All could not reach the river; eyen the groups
that fell prone on tbe grateful dap flats suffered excru
eisting agony. The flerce blaze playing in tremendous
eounter currents above them on the bigher ground, wae
sufficiently strong to set the clothes aflame, and the fly
ing sand, heated as by a furnace, blistered the flesh
wherever it fell. All that could break through the
stifting slmoon had come to the river. In the red glare
they could see the sloping bank covered with the bodies
of those that fell by the way. Few living on the back
streets succeeded in reaching the river, the hot breath
of the fire cutting them down as they ran. But here
mew danger befell. The cows, terrified by smoke and
Same, rushed in a great lowing drove to the river brink.
Women and children were trampled by the frightened
brutes, and many losing their hold on the friendly loge
were swept under the waters.
IN THE FLAMES,
This was tbe situation above the bridge; below, a no
Jess harrowing thing bappened. The burning timbers of
the mill, built at the edge of the bridge, blew and floated
down upon the multitude assembled near the flats, and
toflicted the most lamentable sufferings. The men fought
this new death bitterly; those who were fortunate
enough to have costs flung them over the heads of wives
ond children, and dipped water with their hats on the
$mprovised shelter. Scores had every shred of bair
burned off in the Lattle, and many lost their lives in
protecting others. The firemen had made an effort to
save some of the buildings, and the bose was run from
the river to some important edifice. The heat instantly
stopped the attempt, but not before the hose swollen
with water had been burned through in a hundred
places. Although the onslaught of fire and wind had
Been mstantaneous, and the destruction almost simulta
neous, the flerce, stifling currents of heat cs
seered through the air for hours. These ourrents
were more fatal than the flames of the burning village.
Tenorant of the extent of the fire and the frightful com
Bimation of wind and flame, many of the company’s
workmen, some with wives and children, shat they
Selves up fu the great brick building and perished in the
raging heats of the next half hour. Others on the re
note streets broke for the clearing beyond the woods,
death if the outside world h not slapped tn, and now
b to be shortly on their feet again. {red
of the bright, cheery little town ever being as it was,
but complacently reckoned.” if the sc ones didn
drive new-comers away by their silly stories, a new
ple would make a new Peshtego. ou ever
over the ground where a gain) had 8 and
there are few that served during the war that have not,
found dare bs muoh Jombisued of a substantipl ol
seen, which the after’ fire were soft
groups broke iu all directions in a wild panic
of fight and terror. A few took refuge in a cleared field
»ordering on the town, Here flat upon the ground, with
faces pressed in the sand, the helpless sufferers lay and
roasted. But few survived the dreadful agony. The
next day revoaled a piesure exeeoding in horror any bat
tle-fleld. Mothers with children bugged closely lay in
rigid groups, the clothes burned off and the poor flesh
seared to criep, One mother, solicitous only for her
babe, embalms her unutterable love in the terrible plo
ture left on these woeful sahds. With her bare fingers
she had scraped out a pit, as the soldiers did before
Petersburg, and pressing the little one into this, she put
her own body above it as a shield, and whou the day
light came, both were dead—the little baby faco un
scarred, but the mother burnt almost to cinders.
themselves tus off from the river
These hardy lumbermen are not wont to exaggerate,
and the perfect accord of every story and incident cone
firm every episode of this tragedy. Faithful to the
helplesss, a stout woodman carried out on his shoulders
one deadly sick of fever. He burrowed for the helpless
body a sandy sepulchre, and then began tho struggle
for his own life. He had lingered too long, and his
scarred body wavs found near the refuge of the man his
heroism had preserved.
The tornado played through the desolated streets,
and swept the river and the low land adjoining. The
timber of the mill floating down among the people, made
additional labor and danger, and daylight broke terribly
on the saturated survivors before they dared drag their
cramped limbs from the icy waters. The mingled crowd
of men, women, and children, cows, and swine had held
this watery refuge since 10 o'clock of the night before.
Of the hundreds of human beings that entered the
waters, not all escaped; the frightened cows trampled
many under the waters; the blistering heat blinded many
«ho groped hopelessly about in the current, and finally
sunk. To this flay none can tell how great wae tho
slaughter in the waters, After the burning heat of the
night, a numbing chill followed, and the water-soaked
group crawled over dead bodies and hot sands
to ithe only blazing building in all the
waste about them. Groups of dead were found within a
stone’s throw of the water. Families rushing downward
for a breathing place had been blown upon by the rush
ing blasts and struck lifeless. The ghastly turong hud
dled, shricking and bewailing, about the flaring embers,
and the terrible roll of the missing was soon called from
aud to end of the ashen waste, No vestige of human
habitation remained, and the steaming, freczing,
wretched group, crazed by the unutterable terror and
despair, plead with each other to restore the lost oucs.
The hot blasts of the night had blinded them, and they
could but vaguely recognize one another in the murky
light of the new day,
AFTER THE CONFLAGRATION.
Long after the flames had died out, when there was no
more to feed on, the hot sands rendered moving about
‘an exquisite torture, and long into the dismal midday
the survivors were confined to the narrow circuit near
the river. As the day wore on, help came in glowly from
the northward. Several railroad gangs bad escaped an
nihilation, and one gang, led by an ex prize-tighter
named Mulligan, came with promptness and efficiency
to the rescue through miles of burning prairie
and blockaded roads, On Sunday night something vver
2,000 people were assembled within the confines of this
industrious, progperous city the dreadful morning light
came upon a haggard, maniacal multitude of less than
700. When the work of resoue began it was found that a
great pumber had escaped by the bed of the river and
the northern road to the port, and, as the day advanced,
half-naked stragglers, unkempt and: blackened, began to
stream into the gparse settlement. As the molten sands
cooled off, the woful work of recognition began, Peering
into blackened faces, mothers, fathers, brothers trem
Llingly sought out missing once.
Rome, in the immeasurable anguish of the moment, had
dashed themselves against the sands and let out the life
with their own hands that the licking flames coveted.
Men. too distant from the river toe hope for rescue or
gnfety, had cut thd throats of their choking children, and
were found in groups sometimes unscarred by the flames.
In the streets, full twenty corpses were found with no
apparent injury or abrasion. Fatuous tradesmen, in the
sudden rush of fle, had thrown their valuables into
wells for security; every well in the city was turned into
a flaming pit.and the very waters half evapofated by the
Leat. Survivors attest that women and children, cat off
frow the rivers, were put into wells and covered with
bedding. I have looked into wery well in the ash
covered clearing, and there is no possibility that a living
thing could have endured the flawes that boiled and
seethed in thew.
For bours the unreasoning search was continued by
the famished<dying remnnants, but to little avail; the
dead, when recognizable, lay where juss bad fallen in
the streets; where tho houses stood, 4 gronud was
whipped clean as a carpet, and all hope of identifying
buman ashes was idle. Tho next night the Jong Dray cd.
for rain came, gratefully to the living, and kinc to the
ficeting ashes of the dead, The great drop that hovered
over the bay cities and towns was allayed, and the
threatencd danger nearly gone. Defore durk, kan came
to the perishing sufferers from the neighboring villages.
The wounded were taken Ly hoat to Green Bay,
whence some were forwarded to Milwaukee.
From 9 o'clock Sunday night until dusk of Monday
may be taken as the time of the main action in this ter
rific drama. By Tuesday the sweeping miles of fire had
been quenched by Monday night's rain. A shght drizzle
still further aided the work'of rescue. The ravages ofthe
one night's tornado left unmistakable traces on every
hand. Through the sold growth of timber a clean wat!
of blackened stumps and roots marked the course of the
flery tempests. The roads were cumbered with roasted
cattle, _ frequently with the carcases of hears and
deer, while the ditches and cleared ficlds were strewn
with smaller game and wild birds. Nearing the
vicinity sadder relies were found, for those who
penetrated onfward through the wall of flame
met equally flerco flames in the clearest places,
Remote dwellers on the highroads, warned of the great
danger, with their families eafely packed on their great
farn-wagons, made northward Jarougn the highways for
security; but the flames engulfed them in the heart of
the woods, and the fragments of stont vehicles, burned
to the irons, now strew the road hither from Marinette,
tbe last town on the Northeru Wisconein border. The
highroad enters Peshtego from the north, through a
break in the eneireling belt of woods, where the pretty
Episcopal Church stcod—the lust to burn in the fatal
place. Even before this was reached, a putrid hecatomb
of dead cattle enmnbered the wooded street. Among the
ines, scores lay, not burnt, but smothered to death,
Through this underbrush, 30 bodies of pen
and children were picked up, more or less in
jured by fire. In a griat many instances the human
remains were distingnished from avimals by the teeth
alone. One horror-struek relative recognized the relics
of his nephew by a pen-knife jfinbedded in an oblong
mound of ashes. What does it avail to narrate circum
stantially the inexpressible horrors of these succeeding
days, What good to tell of the dead faces staring up
ward through the calm waters or the piteous circum
stances of a hundred heart-wrenching tragedies durin
and following that treacherous Sunday blast! No NE
underlies the terrible story all that ifiauieued human
nature was capable of came into Play that direful night
the slaughter resulted from no sin of omission or com
mission on the part of wan. No unseemly papic aided
patural causes in achieving, Wiwbaralivert. the com
pletest devaetation in human anna On the contrary,
superhuman daring and epergy were put into active
operation to Jitiate preteruatural horrors. The iw
mensity of visible destruction at Oicyf surpasses the
completeness of this devastation, but Chicago, with all
is ous, has not two-thirds of ite citizens tw deplore us
dead.
With one of the men who passed through that night of
destruction I wandered over the preity Heng plain
wheré Peshtego spread its thriving stores and hand
some houses. ve where the houses were built with
cellars, which was very rare, there is no trace -of a
former Labitation. Here and there are metallic rem
nants of sewing-machines and cracked stones. The
hardware and drug-store leave almost the my remind
ers of things that were—ea blackened mortar stands idly
in a wild confusien of melted glass and Jond, With the
pestle Jeady for a new decoction. Two or three men
with troubled faces were HQvILg about Rafting Up
shed for the Relief Committees. They answered eivilly
selves sud nearest kin. They should have starved to
THE FIRES AT GREEN BAY.
majority of them, something like 100, trus
he stout walls of the Company's building,
masse.
al asa
WARNINGS—THE FIRE IN THE TOWN—MEASURES
YOR RELIEF.
but few ever Passed the burning barrier. Within the
boundaries of the town and accessible to the multitude
the river accommodation was rather limited, and when
Che animals had crowded in the situation was full of
Sespals. TI) fats were covered with prone figures with
backs ablaze and faces pressed rigidly into the cooling
@olst earth. The flames played about and above all
with an fncessant, deafening roar.
The terasdo was but momentary, but was sucoseded
by maclstroms of fire, smoke, cinders, and red bot sand.
Whesever building seemed to resist the fire, the roof
would be sent whirling into the into clouds
(YROM THS SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TRIBUNE)
of Same 00 it fell. The shower of cinders, and
hot sand fell tn conttunous end prodigious force, and did
Greex Bay, Wik, Oct. 19.—~The Wisconsin
woods burp Overy yeer, snd cause no unessiness wilh
proper waishfulness. When easly in the Full of this year
came the fires which have since prdved eo disastrous,
there was little danges, and for a» time none foresaw the
Saming Good thet wos gathering to burst wpon the seat
tered homesteads sud thriving villages. But prescotly
oan scemmenlation of untoward digs and socldonts beget
Awan iaathn king the people as.the firet terrific
8irooeo thet the fire, The wretched throng
mock Goep in the water; sad the still more hapless beings
sirotchod on the heated were pierced snl blistered
bY these burning partisies. soomad like lanoety of
red-hot aioal, ho thickest covering. The ev
once new remains to sticst the ineredidié fores of the
potclls of darting flame. Hoard iron-wood
Phow-handics still romain, perforated ae thengh bY mie
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY OCTOBER, 20, 1871.—TRIPLE SHEET)
x
SX I I HL TN hi TL es
-the lonely timber lands and pineries, great numbers of
‘deer, bears, and other animals broke to the settlements
and were easily shot and captured in the high
roads. These croatures, moving so restlessly
from aecustomed haunts, gave warning of some
disturbance, and a superstitions dread fell upon
the country side, For time vigouns of the ancient
hunting-grounds came back to the old settlor, and the
ominous tokens were forgotten. Hardly had the ani
mals crossed the verge of civilization, however, when
the great line of fame penetrated after them. Thew
began a stern battle with fire, Bystematio measurcs
wero adopted. The fire was fought with fire. Every
homestead, mmnlet, and village adopted some method of
precaution, but none thought of a method of preserva.
tion. Brush wus burned away, and burned toward the
enemy, ditehes were eut about houses and towns, cisterns
dug to supply water, and these offered refuge in oase of
the last but most unexpected emergency.
o sad for main "anbirat, When mat Sd tl arid om
SLE LI Se
For weeks the air had been darkened by the elonds to
the northward—each day coming nearer. At night, the
northern heavens shone with the splendor of the ad
vancing fire the powdered dust of wecks floated visibly
in the air, obscuring the sunlight. Inthe counties near
Green Bay, the crawling flames stole on insidiously, ab
solutely JURY in the roots, and marding wide
gashes of black through the plains of rank lancet-like
prairio grasses. For weeks the battle with fire had been
waged, and the danger kept away. Dylug outin the
day and flaming up at night, the flames caused great
trouble but no real alarm. As the days wore on into
early October, and the rain still held off,
the first serious apprehensions come te the
towns and settlements, By day the sky was
heavy with dense clouds of ascending smoke; and at
night the horizon burnt with forest fires. A vague
shadow of the coming danger hovered im men’s minds,
and extraordinary precautions were taken wherever and
whenever possible. Not only in the north and west, but
up to the very border of Green Bay, the fires raged.
Here the citizens fought with the danger as strenuously
a8 on the distant frontier, and kept the fires in the woods
encircling the borders of the city, Woods in the very
outskirts were aflame, and the harbor and bay were ob
scured with thick black smoke, almost iwpeding nave
igation.
The drouth had extended over the entire northern part
of the Btate, and smoldering fires could be seen almost
all over Wisconsin, Up to Bunday, Oct. 8, no very griev
ous damago had been reported. Farms had been badly
ravaged in some districts, but no lives had been lost or
other apparently irreparable injury been inflicted. But
on the fatal Sunday, a fearful storm of eddying wind
swept the shores of the Day aod made of a hundred
{hritty settlements and Towns a wilderness of waste and
ruin, Even before the first iroperfect reports came in,
grave fears were felt for the fate of the timber country.
Interpenctrated on every band by fire, such a wind
could not but] deal death and destruction to
the unprotected places, The distance to the
chain of flue towns aud prosperous hamlets along
the bay are not great, but communication is imperfect.
A day or two passed before the first fearful reports of the
result came to Green Bay. These meager first reports,
although falling immeasurably below the actual destruc
tion, thrilled the city and the State, It was at once clear
that the great timber land of the State had been ruined,
but it was not shown that the country was also substan
tially depopulated, Terrified Tefugces, worn and ex
haurted by the long battle, told of whole families perish
ing in their own door-yards, cattle filling the woods in
heaps, and the JIosperous bomes of thousands the wild
est and dreariest of waste places. Btill there was nol
{ng like a panic in the untouched towns; but later
facts came in, and the entire State flew to the rescue.
0 In the a Yusipese 10Wos, lh up eatiraly
h TANCK rics, scarcely a vestige ros
x. remained, Py had been reduced to oy
and three entirely depopulated, fhe leisurely steam
line that traverses the Green Bay for local trade came
cach day laden with the scarred remnants of the nearer
towns in Ocouts, Bbaum Door, and Kewaunee Counties.
Scores of helpless cripples poured into Green Bay, and
were nay cared for, 1e full Proporuons of the aoccn
Huiat ng {suster were now fully known, and the story
of Peshlego, Manakaunee, Marenette aroused the com
Fy to the needs of the situation, The city was
turned into a hospital and a supply depot, Relief dele
gRtions poured in from all parts of the State, and
n a few days the sufferers were abundantly sup
plied with the aecessaries of life, aud exploring eéxpe
ditions under way to relieve the helpless ones linger
ing in the smoking woods. The wounded are more
Hidatve than the relicts of battle, The but
last, striking vigorous wen, seems to have whipped the
skin completely off all exposed Jane and, for the time
deprived them wholly of the facu w of sight. The heat
was 60 intense that a full breath was instant death,
Even the distant breath of the whirlwind scarified, and
the victims present pallid, parchment visages that seem
te deny the possibility of a drop of blood. The nere
crouching on the ground brought severe Wag
Children wander about with bandaged hands, almost
roasted ny mere contact with the burning soil.
The Bellet Committee have sent many wounded into
the towns and Ww relatives at a distance, but a reat
number still remain in this and the neiguboring places,
as well as in the vicinity of the disaster,
CIHAMBER OF COMMERCE CONTRIBUTIONS.
CIiAMDERN UF UVUAMREAAVE LUA
J. J. Merian, for Michige
and Wisconsin. ....ooees
N. P. Bailes, for MicLigan
and Wise. c.oeeers
Wm. H. Fogg Co., for
Michigan and Wisconsin,
West Presb n (hureh,
Sumwit, N. J. for Chicago
Por Wisconsin, eooeei ovine
Thomas Peele. Holoken,
Wisconsin and Michigun.
Emylo) és of Halsted Ha nes
Co., for Wis, and Mich
Bixth-ave, Railroad Cao, for
Wisconsin and Michigan.
£t. Stephen's Church, North
eastle, N. Y., for Chisygo
and Mie igan. cerestonrs
Uue day's Teceipts at Tark
is Bathe of Hrgienie
Homie, 41 West 26tL-st
Tuira United Presbyterian
Church, N. Y., for Chicago
sud the North-West, oue
balf each. .voveveriiians
f sth-ave. Railroad Co..
R. H. McCready.....
RR. H. McCready, for Mich.
 jgan and Wiseousin
EB. W, Vanderhoof, for Mich
tg2n and Wisconsin...
Emplovés of Starr k Marcas
Jumes T. is wi. through T,
J. Po eases
JW jo4 B for Mich
igan and Wisconsin.
Charen “of Fourth Ward
250
50) 50
C. Newell
69
15
30
2%
Ho]
EE

o|
Witherhees, Sherss Co.
$100) (for Michigsa)......
Dr. 5 iovias (for Mich,
Ba
n J. (Mieh. and Wis)...
5 Pive citizens orient, Suf
folk County. N. Y.
15 Workmen of C. R. Poll.
Jon (for M.eh.).ous...
130 Binplosde of the Gilsey
I: 18008€ss.00431 100s 1 eg002
250 Thomas Morrell (for Mich,
and Wisconsin).
Emplovés of Geo. J. Clin
38 Kanal, 35 West Fourth
at. (for 'Wis.)...
C.
41D mug) Nicholson “of
OD, crt rimrrereeses
John J. Thomasson, Bol.
ton, Lincolushire, Eng:
land, hy Wg
250 Bros. Co old,
100| Emplo oot Wimarh ali
(for Mich. and Wis,)..
100 Mansion House, Chicago
Relie Committee,
250 through the Lord Mayor
53, of London, and Drexel,
y Morgan Couvvvnnnnnnn
EERIE
ARRAN RATTAN
108
51
13
La
10
79
2.015
veneeee $47,132
Grand total. ..ve ves. $8143
ANGUS IAL DVIRTRss rv ven
The Committee have reoeived the following telegrams
LoxpoN, Oct. 24, wn.
American Committee says to Drexel, Morgan Co., New-York: rad
ford, Yorkshire, remits £2,000; Creanock, E600, for Chicago. Draw at
sight or Cable
The Anglo-American Co.'s and the French Atlantic Co.'s Board have
this day resolved to give £1,000 each to the relief of the Cli sufferers,
and checks have already been placed in the baods of the Lord Mayor
for that purpose.
Derrorr, Mich, Oct, 23, 1871,
A. A. Low. Treasurer: Thank you with all my heart. Have drawn on
you for $10,000, HexkY P. BArpwin,
Manson, Wis, Oct. 24, 1670,
A. A. Low, Treasurers Many thanks; will draw Yor 15,000 at once,
Lucius FAIRCHILD,
The Trinity Roman Catholic SORZTORation of Montrose
ave., Breoklrs, E. D., has raised 8600 for the relief of the
Western sufferers.
APPEALS FROM THE MICHIGAN RELIEF COM
MITTEE.
Detroit, Oct. 24.—~In view of the urgency
of immediate and copious aid from the people outside of
the Btate, the following appeal to the people of the
United Btates has been issued by the Michigua Etate Re
Hef Committee
To the People of the United States We peed instant spd pleatital
ald. From 14.080 0 15,000 people, at Teas in the State of Michigan,
have lost their clo crops, horses, and cattle. On the
ait of the Chicage re 3,000 on the east shere of Lake Michiges
and 5,000 to 6,000 ea the west shore of Lake Huron
were reduced to simost absolute destitution. Within two or
three weeks other small viliiges and settlements Dave ben blatief suk
Te ivi rr fi.
wv ve ro y the all:
of information, be accurately chau The atraghie ce to be
enormous. The fires are still burning and new uw. The
Creer ruin ad ferusiaiten ls dally Incrssing much suffer
ing exists, A long, Dard, snd Wiater Is approach.
ing, avd large sumbers of these people scoessible anly by
water, and aAvisEos will soon be Sourosly month, or sit
woeks ab most, us in which to food, clothe, and ot Sheil fy ne
Wioter season. which extends far imo the Npriag. mast be be
pow, or they will perish. They will need toe, is pring, wed ud
implements for harvests next Tear. A reeterin on of them oom
menco life entirely snew, aud of the begianing of
Wicier, Their lution rom, the eoniy 30 omen ad wayest.
To Lahde Defoe ho be ro O0
v
o oa
in their by ie Ary aad finally bp
ip the that A thoy were
pre bo gebdog By A Agar yr 4
libem, too, om thos resouross occurred in
aay whom ws font are Tot Siioens svory ak prope id
Tl St Min Bait Comal
o Morey and Oapplis Hp
DOW IAT e spot w Peahtego’s 2,000 peop oniyiod
2 the business Of fon ley ou On as Dal 8
the river y 13 still
and white
of the

[3]
and unw uy the frail remnants
bridge on timbers charred and my neighbor
like Judgmen oan ne,
Ti Far he deat, fr imate, Fie
and while fire rained down he
to
up eh hed lor with his family
To the Editor of The Tridune,
PTY Tena, owl
Bir: The liberality of the NEW-10IR L1TE8
in placing before the public the necessities of those who
have suffered from fire in Michigan has lod the Btate Re
{lef Committes for the Western District fo ask the In.
sertion of the followingin hohalf of the sufferers of the
Hollsad Colony of Ottawa County, Mich.
2 dea Fa
More then 509 families in the yillage of Holland were
burned out. This tittmber embraced two-thirds of more
of thie entire village o¢ city, #0 called. They were left
without shelter, food, clothing, br beddiig, exoept very
few ecsitteredl articles. Their Hite trotries were burned.
popuigtion were thous efyploymen means
of earning a living. Bat, the molt gppatiibg abu 3
the oplamity ip yob to De wtated. wi ‘sur
rounded by splendid farming county. TES bardy,
tndusteious, hosiast people had 8.42000 of JU fle
TT RS
to fanoes ot
were x
38 She muon of Rey
Rany employés were utter Srnagers in the place,
THE FIRE RELIEF FUND.
ae
the relief sent by our Aid Committee. i
Now, Mr, Editor, what we ant pf New-York for this
pecan of hay inthe way donatiodls bus what
oa, small loans secured on
these farms, to replace Dhldln gn whieh will afford shel
ter for their owners and such of thelr friends na they can
accommodate, The precess of building will give eniploy
ment to mechanics, who ean thus secure snpport for their
ki Pe fia of our Ald Comat a d
oe Bt.re I m instruete
by the State Relief Commitbes to sak Now York to place
at their disposal from $50,000 to $100,000, te be by them
lonned to these farmers on bonds and mortgages, in snms
of 8 {0 4,000. Tho Committee ill ive A
Witkntion to Shu Isavier nw socure the Seaton
safety, 18 versal u rising of our own thls
liherul contributions of Food, clothing, and Bedding an
money, and the thorough organization of our Committee,
has enabled us to Jupp y Nevsauply: food and clothin
for sufferers in various Lops of the State, Coutinued,
rsevering, organized effort on our Dart will do much
the future. But the loans here ed for will enable
this industrious, Christian p@ople, who have once Single
handed, conquered a wilderness, to exhibit still nig! r
development of Christian heroism, DY sct:lug with their
own strong arms pompetancy from dovouring flame,
Money placed to the credit of the Hon. Noyes L. Avery
Treasurer, or the Hon, Thomas D. Glibert, Chairman of
the Committee, Grand Sagas, will be kfully re
ived and safely loaned, Bhould any Joraca wish to
A any money, it will be catolully paolo dna Juitaace
of carpenters’ AY
By order of Roy rain ef Bowinitree.
Grand Rapids, Oot, 18, 1871, Wu. A. HOWARD,
TIE SUBSCRIPTION FROM CORNELL UNIVERSITY
THE SUBSCRIPTION FROM CORNELL UNIVERSITY.
Itraca, Oct. 28.—Several hundred students
met ln Library Hall last week to consider means of aid
for the destitute in the West. Very much generous eu
thusiasm was manifested, which was greatly increased
by Mr. Cornell, the founder of the University, sending
word to the meeting that the University subscription
might be headed with his name for $1,000. President
White, being present, stated that he would second the
action by aiving $500, promising $500 more if the students
would raise $500. He referred in complimentary terms
to the Rev. Robert Collyer, than whom,” he said, no
nobler man lived,” and to his remarks on Sunday, stand
ing on the ruins of his church. He suggested that in ro
turn for the amount given to Chicago the students shonld
demand of Mr. Collyer the best horseshoe he could make,
to be placed in University Museum in the College of Me
chanio Arts. This was then adopted as one of the con
ditions of the donation. Bpeeches were made by Vice
President Russell, Prof. Bhackford, and others. A Com
mittee of three was Appiiuicd for the FucnYs and six
for each olass, to push forward the subscript ons, Five
hundred dollars can be eafely promised from the stu
dents, beside many gifts of clothmg to be forwarded.
THE TRIBUNE account of the Michigan fires was read be
fore the mteting, The larger body of the students in at
tendance at the University being from the West, great
SyIpathy is felt for the calamity, to which they will
1iberally contribute. Many of the poorer students are
doing eXtra work on the farm and grounds to aid with
e a.
REPORT OF THE LIGHTHOUSE BOARD,
et —n
A010 OC(ITLaly UL WL 2104SHly pelaiilo wid
following extracts to be made from the annual report of
the Lighthouse Board, just received by him:
The lighthouses and light-vessels, says the report, 80
far as the exhibition of efficient lights is concerned, are,
it 1s believed, equal to any in the world, and those bea
cons and buoys actually in position are efficient day
marks to furnish guidance clear of the obstructions
which they Indicate. For those light-stations at which
extensive repairs and renovations are needed special ap
propriations are recommended. The aggregate estl
mates for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, are $45,000
in excess of the appropriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, and $358 loss than tho estimates of last
year,
Of the large number of lights and other aids to naviga
tion for which appropriations have been made, such as
are established on sites belonging to the Government,
and those where valid titles have been obtained, being
cases in which land had to be purchased, the works have
been commenced or completed. Great difficulty is expe
rienced in perfecting titles to sites for lighthouses, and
building them within the limited time appropriations are
available, It not unfrequently happeus that the title
Rapete of a site for a lighthouse costing only a few hund
red dellars remain in the hands of tho law officers for
many months before the validity of the title is reported
upon; and then, ray often, in SonseqLioLcs of some legal
omission or informality, the papers Lave to be returned
to the United Btates Attorney for further investigation,
The two small salling vessels which have been em
ployed for many years in deltvering ofl and other light
ouse supplies on the Atlantic Gulf coasts are too much
pobre) be economically fepaireq after the present
year, and an estimate for bullding two new vessels for
that service has been submitted in the estimates for next
year, At Montauk Point, Long Island, the keeper's
dwelling and the tower, &c., will Josurs Dain costing
about wi d00 It is recowmended that a signal be
placed at this important station, of which, with a dupli.
gale, $0.00 is the esiimatod expenditure, The keeper's
dwelling at North Dumpling, Fisher's Island Bound, has
been thoroughly Tepatrod, aud on it there is erected
a new tower with a lantern; a barn has
been built, and the whole 18 repainted. The
foundation for a new Jisietaouso at Race Rock,
Fisher's Island Bound, 1s ma Progreia satisfactorily,
It is intended that this, with the wharf, shall be com:
pleted by the close of this flscal year. Thls work will
cost about $200,000. At Little Guill Island, Long Island
Sound, a horizontal gseam-boller, to operate a 8yvron fog
sigual, has been Faced, and !s found very efficient in
foggy weather, duplicate signal 18 in course of con
struction, and will be fu up as s00N a8 somploted and
for this a suitable bul ding will soon be finished. The
estimate for completing the landing is $5,000. At Plum
Island the station has been rebuilt, and a fog bell put up.
An estimato is again submitted for the crection of a
stone beacon on Oyster Pond Point reef, to guide veasels
sailing to and from Loug lend Sound to Gardner's Bay.
The iron and wood work for a lighted beacon at this
station are completed, and fv is gRposied the structure
will be erected and a ght displayed from it by the close
of the season. At Brockway’s Beach and Devil's
Wharf, Connecticut River, and at Horton's
Point, some necessary repairs have heen, and Sskiers will
be made. A Lowertal steam fog-signal 18 recomménded
for Falkner’s Island, Long Island Sound, to prevent the
Fequont losses of vessels which occur in the ty
during fogs and snow-storms, For this object 81 apyro
prigtion o jo. 1 asked, The bank to the eastward
88 SWI arlng away, the loss having been about 12
feet in 20 years, and it may soon have to be Jiotepted,
The condition of the station at Stratford Point, Loug
Island, is SSH? Dad, Ravuijting the tower and keeper's
dwelling has 1» recommended for the last three years.
It is now recommended that a frame building
be erected, on which the lantern tower will
be Xcel. For this and the necessary out
buildings an estimate of $18,000 {s submitted. Necessary
Fepalie have been made at New-Haven harbor, sud a
bullding for the ShieKeeping of buoys will be erected
this season at Black Rock, Conn. A new light-house at
Penfield Reef, Long Island Bound, will be completed by
the close of the next working season. A powerful steam
fog-signad and other necessary apparatus bave been con
structed at Eaton’s Neck; and at Lloyd’s Harbor dam
ages have been repaired, and a granite wall has been
Juul to protect the station. At Stamford Harbor, Conn.
,000 are fesouspnded as the estimated expeuditure for
a day-beacdon on the ledge and ented beacon on the
opposite side of the channel; and Execution Rocks have
bogh Diglected afuilint tho los 42d gen.
East Beacon, Sandy Heok, has been provided with a
first-class steam fog #lgnal and boiler, and a duplicate
wil soon be completed. Other jmportant repairs have
been made here, and still others are recommended, at
cost of $20,000. The suw of $100,000 covers the estimates
for the erection of a Hehthotiat op Fyne Knoll, to form
a range with Princess Bay light. is deemed highly
important. The lighthouse at Fort Tompkins, Btaten
Island, must be removed shortly to the interior of the
works of defense, its present site being required
for ihe yutposss’ of a battery now Im course
of construction, As a temporary expedient, a
wooden. frame has been made, and o Jia will
be exhib therefrom, near to the precent lighthouse,
For a dwel surmounted by a tower at the new sight
of the lighthouse, the sum of $8,000 1s asked. The re
building of the station at Esopus Meadow, Hudson
River, will be completed during the present fiscal year.
Ten beacon-lights will be erected during season in
place of the ones destroyed mB ice in the Hudson River
at the following named pefnts: New-Baltimore, Five
Hook Island, Coe 's Bar, Roha Hook, SBchodac Chan
nel, Nine Mile Treo, Cow Island, Parada Hook, Van
Welss Point, and Cyler’s Dyke.
A lighthouse will be censtructed y Barber's Point,
Lake #8 soon 88 certain nt debt is
removed and a valid title to the United States can be se
oured. At Colcbener Point, same lake, a lighthouse will
be com pext season under an A) ristion wade
OF Pane A fog-bell will be erected station. As
soon as valid title can be secured, 3 lighthouse will be
constructed st Bluff Point, Valoour Island, Lake Cham:
lain, The quarters at 8 Island, the eree
Hon of whioh boom for want of funds, has
resumed, sod will now be pushed forward to cam
ple Beside the stations named above, numerous re
ave boon, and will be, made at other stations io
but these are of minor importance.
wIvE MEN DROWNED ON LAKE MICHIGAN.
CricAeo, Oct. 86.—~10e schooner Ii. I’. Meas
ner of this port on the oth lost, during the prevalence
of flaroe gale, struck on a rock on Crame Island, Lake
Mishigas, aad goea filed. “he crow was taken off by a
fokent Ey rock tad While Dein ted hehore bra
tug, she ook: Stor and oapatied, nad wt of
aie he tug out 10080 when a hd
OT of 20 53 Sak: agg oh aang no art 10 uve Bor
CTAY.
A NEW SEMINARY IN THE WEST.
An oducstions! institution called Mitchell
Semipdry wilt go into operation next year pt Michell
Le vaih i new in on is
Par one poi ak ad he
with 890.000 worth of land, a
wr rriRY CADETS DISMISSED POR HAZING.”
MIRE AY CAE le a no LS ai a.
Yiu Qiamiteed from the MMtary Acedenty, for vielattug
oihdr andeta with vieldnos bad harassing them, Cagete
Joka V. Wikop, Dewits Clinton Feagier, Santiago
Hunbell, snd Jebp 1 36 (97 VEEN $000 0000 has
ordered 1843 Onset Albert H. Miller Ys degrired of his
next fuvionyh snd confined to the Muity of the “plain
of the Academy ubiil the comimencuniont of hy hext
2eodemuie your: apd (het Ondst AMerd IE. Hesenes B90
cohfthea ts fie rite of the “plain” until the com
mencement of the next Academie year,
AFFAIRS AT THE CITY HALL.
DISSOLUTION OF THE CITIZENS' COMMITTEE TO
DAY.
The Committee of Citizens associated with
the Joint Committee of Supervisors and Aldermen, being
unable to prosecute their vestigations to a satisfactory
conclusion without the additional power QVOr persons
and papers requested hy them and not granted Dy the
Board of Supervisors, A voted to dissolve, It is under
stood that its final report will be presentad at a public
meeting of the Joint mittee to-day at 3 p. om.
COURT ATTENDANTS DISMISSED.
Deputy Controller Green made some further
removals, yesterday, of attendants on the Superior Court
and Court of Common Pleas, as well as of clerks in the
Bureau of County Affairs,
THE BOARD OF APPORTIONMENT—MISCELLANE
OUS BUSINESS.
The Board of Apportionment met yesterday
at 1:30 p.m. in tho Mayor's Office, Mayor Hall in the
chatr. Deputy Controller Green, ex-Deputy Controller
Storrs, and Peter B, Sweeny were present, Mr, Green
offered the following:
Resolved, That transfers of appropriations for interest the CY
debt be, and the same are hereby nue Wiloon On City Toy Ri
ment stocks, 1689, 813 576; on Croton Water-main stocks, #5430 Hu;
gu Sizes: Lipiuveneat Pond bonds, $300,500 G4, on Amessment Fund
a, $63.038: total, $311222 16. From the following accounts: lu
terest on City Parks stock, $17,500; on City Improvement stocks, $17,
500 (under Shapter. 290, seetion 71, af the Laws of 1871); on Musenm of
Ara joa Tacs History rock, #i%0¢ on, Third District Court House
on elegra beads ki account of
wh geal, 8150253 1, oa. 4 142216, i i
resolution was Janel. A communication was re
cefved from the New Court-House Commissioners
stating that they bad modo two requisitions of $200,000
each. That only one requisition lad been filled, and
that, In consequence the work on the New Court-Honse
had been Mopbed. The communication was reforred to
the Controller with power, The following lotter was
received from the President of the Institution for the
Improved Instruction of Deaf Mutes:
New-York, Oct. 2(, 1871,
The Aon. A. Oaxey favs, Mayor, and Chairman of Board of Appor
tomment oF karty Fund,
Dear Nir: undersigned Jenpertially requests that in fhe distriba.
tion of mouey by your Lonorable Board, now a'out tw be made to varioas
institutions, of sums apportionad and declared scveral months ago, the
Tustitation for the Improved Instruction of Deaf Motes may be incloded
as equally deserving and needy. The amonut allotted ns was $3,000,
‘ery respectfully, MARK BLoxeNTHAL, M. D,, Preddert.
This communication was referred to the Special Con
mittee on the Distribution of the Excise Fund. Ad
Journed.
INTEREST ON THE CITY DEBT.
The City Chamberlain will pay, on Nov. 1
the following amounts of interest: On $5,109,508 51
bonds and stocks of city funded debt, $1,211,338 29; OL
$11,895,500, bonds and stocks of temporary eity debt
$406,680 82; total funded and temporary city debt
$02,024,308 51; total Interest, §1,61%,019 11; on $21,591,350
bonds and stocks of county funded debt, $692,620 25.
NOW TAMMANY OFFICIALS ARE TAXED.
The attachés of the Controller's office are
receiving circulars of which the following is a specimen
TasxANY Harr. New-York, fept. 12, 1871
Bir: The Demoeratie Republicen General Committee of New-Yorl
are in want of immediate funds to provide for tie legit'mata and neces
sary expenses of the coming Btate election, and request from yon, fo;
that purpe:e, a contribution of $1.3. which you wiil oblige them by
paging to the Collector, Mr. Jobn D. Newuan, or forwaniing to the
Chairman of the Finance Committee, on the Ist of October coming, oi
as soon after that day as possible, Yours, truly and respectfully,
Douglas Tarlor, Chairman Finance Committee, No. 69 Nassan-st.;
John Brice, Heury W. Genet, Charles M. Clancy, Richard O'Gorman
Walter W. Price, Nicholas Maller, Finanoe Committee, 1871.
WiLrian Ml. Tween,
Chairman Dew. Rep. Gen, Com.
Wirriad Hivonxaw Reeretary.
Wirrtiax Hironxaw, Beeretary.
ANNUAL REPORT OF THE PARK DEPART:
MENT.
———_—T—
SUMMARY OF 11S CONTENTS—INTERLS FING STA
TISTICS.
The first annual report of the Commissioners
of the Department of Pablic Parks, just i-sued, covers
the period from the organization of the Department to
the first of May last, and consists of the report of the
Board proper, and the reports of the Leads of tlhe vari
ous Bureaus in the Department. The report of tho
Board refers to the organization of the Department and
the forco under its control into Bureaus, the state of the
roads, walks, and structures upon Central Park, and of
works outside the park, the condition and improvement
of the various ay parks, and finally the Progress of eur
veys on Harlem River, Bpuyten Duyvil Creek, and tho
adjoining portion of Wostoliester County, preliminary to
the establishment of jrorovemelie in these localities,
The report of Geo. N. Van Nort, the Controller of Ao
counts in the Department, gives a detailed statement of
its finances, the amounts recelved from various sources
and the disbursements and expenditures on account of
the different works carricd on by the Department, and
much other information, including the following items:
The Jasgont pamber of men uapiored ay the Department at any one
time was 2,401; the smallest number, 1,122; the area of Central Park in
862 acres; of Sther parks, 145, making a total psrk area inthe city of
1,007 seres, The total cost of the land for Central Park was $6,666 331;
tbe amount expended for its improvement from May 1, 1857, to Jan. 1,
1871, $6,3%,732 50; the cost of the Park and lmprove.
ments to the city, $11,163649. The area of Central Park
under cultivation is 530 acres; 142 acres are covered by reser
voir, 43 acres by Jakes and ponds, hos acres by drives, rides, wl walks
The length of carnage drives completed is 9 miles; bhrulle-road, 5 miles;
walks, 27 miles. The ice on the lakes was In skathng condition last Win.
ter during 48 days, The Department furalsbed 123 musical entertain
ments in the various jue dariog last year at
an average cost of $183 for each entertainment.
The bosts on the Lake carried 113.182 passengers; the receipts from
license to sell refreshments were $4,514 30; from sales of sheep and
wool elippiogs, $1,035 33; from sales of Lig $16), The Central
Park carriages carried 112.245 passengers. The Park was visited daring
the year by 8,431,427 people, ea inczease of 1,070,470 over the previous
year.
An bv to this Tepott «ives a list of the donations
during the year to the Zoological and Botanical collee
tions, with the names and residences of the givers;
another ‘gives s schedule of the living animals in cap
tivity at the Park.
The report of M. A. Kellogg, the Engineer-in-chief in
charge of the Bureau of Construction and Repairs, con
tains a detailed account of the condition and progress of
the various improvements in Central Park, the City
Pati aud the boulevards aud avenues in course of con
struction,
The inconvenience snd danger caused by the narrowneas of the Bast.
drive on the Park bave been remedied by widening the roadway and
weditving th curves; a new walk has been oconstracted from the Main.
drive to the Musesm Balding for the accommodation of visitors to the
Museum, Around this bul og aul in connection with it 21,200 square
feet of walks were constructed; the Soors of a number of iron bridges
were relaid work on the Belvidere was pay approaching completion;
the Dairy, the Bheep Cote amd tables were finished;
the hasin of the large fountain at the Terrace
having become leaky, was rebuilt; 5,000 cabic yards of earth and 1,000
cubic Jutds of rock were excavated for the site of the new Conservatory
aud 1,500 cubic yards of masonry laid for its foundation; 1,375 feet of
vertical enclosing wall oo Fifth ave, was bailt, while 400 feet of tbe
battered wall was taken down sad rebuilt te au it to a change in
the grade of the Eighth-ave,, rangio sloog line of the Central
Park from 13 feet below to if above the original
grade, involving immense and Epensire operation to adapt the slopes of
the Park, the inclosiog wall Joriiwons drives and walks to the new
grade; in connection with this 1,000 eubic yards of earth and 5,050 cabic
yards of rock were excavated, #50 lineal foe of wall removed, and 1629
table yards of foundation wall’ buflt; 10,500 cubie yards of earth 8iliog
yor ad in grading the Kighth-ave, from Beventy-seveath to Eighiy
The report of the Acting-chief-landscape-gardener,
Frank A. Pollard, gives an account of the operations in
ornamenting she various City Parks, the work of trim
ming out the dense thickets in Central Park, and the
transplanting of shade trees to the sides of drives and
walks, and to the City Parks. This Bureau of the De
QsSuond of Parks furnishes ithe School of Design for
omen at the Cooper Institute with a weekly supply of
leaves, twigs, flowers, and fruit, to serve as models.
Three hundred and thirty-six shade trees were planted
in the vicinity of walks and drives; 437 eid lante
in Lier poltiony a Se Park, and 6,876 reas, obs
and vines were 0 eo various City 1)
of ish Were taken From the Central Park. ho
G} ndent oO e Comtral Park repo
the a of the Park and the several strugtures fod
other SRroventente therein, and the care and mainten
ance of the same during the year.
Sh0 Raport of Sus Cuilaf Engineer of the Civil and Topo
graphica Bureau gives an account of the surveys and
nvestigations on under his direction for improve.
ments on the East and West sides, and North end of the
island, the Harlem River and Westchester County, with
a gupplementas report on the supply of pure water in
Westchester igh,
The report of Captain of Police shows that the
force og of one Oupsaias une Lisciatuws, eight Sek
park-kee an gate-keepers, of whom
fro sereante and ag are ph on the
various City Parks. The number of arrests made by
Park officers during the year ending Ail 20, 1871, was
194, of which 129 were for diaoyderly son ues and intoxi
gation, 20 for tasty driving, and the cs for other of
onses.
The report of the Architect-in-chief enumerates 23
strvotures in Rroghess of Mo within the Ceatral
Park and eight  4lio City 2x seo a number of
foatin and plans for structures yet begun, Three
undred and sixty-six various designs, plans, &c., for
strnotufes and details af stroothics Wor furnished
uring the yeas, some of requiring much time and
The report of the Director of the Wotsorgiogiont Ob
servatory,; Datiel Deaper Nir) account of the i
EE EE
ws
rain, v: Sireption force of winds.
Beoérd fo tae Cyn asicners by Arr Sart d
0 8 an
rection, apd to a8 well as to the
The Maharajah of Gwalior, on a recent visit
Pp A Ta A Ra
property yoolc in we 000 10 the reionta. a, Soc the
THE STATE OF TRADE.

rl———
WAOPRAY NAREETR
Ont ot for ad
0 a
the Sends, 1a
TE Ed Lr ST
ERT oh Bl ST
ans, oh ALS 9 uate 4 asetines
MARGS Rd 35d My of from
freind ea GE
19, Oct. 28, 3 Wheat, 36,000 bash.
Ota TS er lont 0) bait "Coen 100€ baa
Out, 71,000 bush, Bir, 14400 na. Canal hreighis al Wheat,
Le. Corw, 134e.; Guta, to Now-Yook, Se. Wiour steady, Wheat meet:
tind and nowiual, Corn steady; sales, 50,000 bash, No. 2 Westers ab
Ha Osta dall and omisaly ds. for No, 2; sales 14,000 buah, om pri
Yoon Vein, Blris Tower; 4 o 250, buat Canada 0c. Kye som
LCN or,
Highway cde a) amt, “4 $16 Tar suds
ILADRLPHIA, 2, tron Bark nominal: No. at $36.
Fisxeend cite active at bro ry July morals Rabid
ih Floce gh and Wister at Family warket favors
karen Sapertae, Toes 1; Exirss, #5 DOSE 5; Wisconsn
yy Pamily, $7 50% $8 25; Peun-ylvisia ‘a, $4 1529750; Indians
liopo oy $1081; Fuser, 70s N., Wheat dull Red.
4 FD B10; Amber. 8183; Wiis #1607 51 60, Roe chi 350.
jb low, T5@T6e. Mixed Western, T3274e. Ota dnl); Black and Mixed,
4 B43. 4 White, dd. Codeo—Sitock m Lrst nds erbunste), Bugnr
oll; Fair to Goo! Refining, 9@9)e.; Grocery gp aly, (4 @10je. Molanses
hiv} aared Al Tage 3 Mascorido, 5D Ve bor imons dull and
i y
sales and Jest Port, Lard, S@i0e. Whisky dull at 580. wroel!
p
O1wr6o, Ost. 25, —Flour steady and wnchang 4;
#77 for No. 1 Spring, $1 lo Aver Winer 83 20 for White
Wiater, and $9 for Extra. Wheat quiet; No. Milwankes
Clab Leld at 81 47 in roand low; sales, in car Tobs at $150, Core
scarce; sales, 1,000 bush. in car lots at 72@73. Barley in good demand;
mics, 50.00 bush. Bay Quinte ah $e, cloning ut the latter, Ry»
quiet. Coro Meal. ®1 90 for Bolted: 1 3 for Unboited, ew
unchanged; Rborts, $20; Shivetafs, $24; Widdlings, $295
$0 tun. Higbwines, 934e. Cana) Freighte— Wheat, 10c,; Barle
te. to New York Tariey 7c, gpalbeay. flaitrond Preighte Four, to
Boston, T0e.; to ew-York, wo yy, Wy Gide, Receipts lake—
12,000 bush, Wheat, 55,000 bush Jui, 6.300 bush. Rye, 7/0.000 fees
of Lumber. Kbhipments by Canal—4, bush. Wheat, 74,000 bush.
Barlev, 1,052,000 feet of Lumber.
MExruis, Oct, 23,~Floar unchanged. Corn droeping, Shelled,
Oats lower; sales at 43¢c. Pork frm and scarce. Lard drm; 10§211{c,
Bacon firmer; Shoulders, 8c. Rides, 8] 0%.
DertroiT, Oct. 25. —Wheat dull and Sroating Extra, 815% No.
White, $1 47. Corn dell and lower; sales at A
Br. Loris, Oct, 25, —Flotr scarce, Low grades frm Buperdas Winter,
@5G 6525; Extra Winter, $5402%5 65; Double Bria Winter,
£5 75796 15. Wheat ¢ull and unsettled; No, 3 Red Fall, $1 2)
@#1 32, Corn Auli snd drooping; Mized on track p43. Osta doll
and onchanged Mixed oa track, Barley seady; rime Minnesota,
TD Rye easter; No, 2 fpring, 61@6Ze, Highwi es dull st 820
Tobacco, Hemp, and Bagging wchingud. Pork quiet at $13 Ba
con frmer; lca. 7}¢; Clear Rib, 4 Clear Sides, 8e.; order
lots advanced je. Lard quiet at 9fc. Live lives finver at $3 730
#425, Cattle unchanged; sacs at $4 50 for good to choice Steers,
Receipts—3,000 bbla. Floor, 15,000 bush. Wheat, 15,000 Lush. Corn,
19,000 bush. Oats, 5,000 bash. Rye 2,000 bush. Barley,
ALBANY, Oct. 38, —Sapply Wheat accumulating and stock now bers
tair, embracing all grades; no sales to vote. Rve dull at §3c. for West.
ern. and D7, for Stale. Corn frm at 75¢. fur Western Mixed, from
store, Barley Girm; sales, 4,000 bush. tvo-rowsd Oanada West at 818,
7.0400 bash, Extra Bay of Quinte at tde, Nothing doivk in Barler Malt,
Oats dull Slate, W@ble. Extra White, 5.@dse. yeslern, 4c,
Extra White do.. Sle,
ToLgno, Oct. 25. —Flowr dull and unchanged. Wheat dull and wn
Soauged: No. 1 White Michigan, $1 45; Amber Michigan, $1 No,
2 ited. $1 3; rejected Red, #1 30. Corn dull aad shade lower; High
Mixed. $54. Law Mixed, S4jc.; New. Sie. Oats dall and w change.
Freighta dull; 54 364e. to Boffalo, Keceipte—3.000 bbls. Flour, 33,000
bush, Wheat, 8,000 bush. Corn, and 2.00v bush. Oats. Shipmitcia ly
Bol: Flour, 17,000 bush. Wheat, 21,000 bush. Corn, 15,000 bush.
a
CLRYRTAND, Oct. 25. —Flour quiet and unchanged. Wheat quelt bat
firm; No. Red Winter, $1 Jo 2do.. 81 35, Corn ne: yu) bet
ter: High Mixed, 6le. Low do., 60c. Oats steady, 3#e, Petroleam—
Relaedsteniy sales of car lots at 22} 22}; Crude dull and nomiual sales
a
BALTINORE, Oct. 25.—Cotton dal; Lew MiddPag, 18c. Flour dull,
Western Pumily, 87 70288 50. W heat Srmer: Ral to Good Prime
#153@%1 62; Ohio avd Iodisna, #1 53@#1 5; Pernarlvania, $1 53
@$151. Com—Southern White quirt at 65263, Oats dull at 462
43c. Meas Pork Juist and Bear 3 #1450. Bacon quiet and steadr
Shoaldrrs, 8c; Rib Sides, 8)c. r Rio, fle. Pagarcared Hams, 179
174e. Lard quiet and steady at 104e, Wheat Grin at 954s. Western
Butter—Better grades in fair demand lower grades not wanted, 10222.
Crxcinyarr, Oct, 25 Flour quiet and wichangely Pauly, $0 Wo
60, Wheat dutl and droping; Red, $1 332%1 37. Corn in fas
demand and higher; New and Old Ear, 45@58c. Kye alot and en
changed. Oats quiet and unehanged. Ratler dall and unchanged, at 70
w-bc. Pork steady at $12 50. lard dull and aeiaufli sales af
“aije, Bulk Meate—Demand light; holders firm, asking fe. for
Shoulders; Rides, t§dije. Bacon—Demand Jyh holders firm
Shoulders, 7} @7 je. ;Clear Rib Sides elosed at Tie. Live Yon Fae
Lest grades, $42 $4 25. Cattle dull and drooping at $3 094 25,
Whisky in good demand at 90c.
MiLwaokse, Oct. 25. —Floar dull and onchanged gales at $4. Wheat
quiet and steady; No. 1, $1 21: No. 2,181 13281 19; S119, sels
November; No. 3. 1 144, Osta—No. 2, 30e,  Corn—No 2 scarce sales
st47c. Rre denid} No. 1,8’. Barley in fair demand: No. 2 Spring,
Sie, itecerpts, 5,000 bbls. Flour, and 16,000 bash, Wheat, Froights Os
wego, ihe.
0, 00 Oct. 25.~Tobaceo active and anchavged sales, 60 hhde
Bagging unchanged. Flour steady; Family Extra, $6 60, Grain ia
bat finn. Wheat—Red and White, 81 452 ¢1 35. Oats. 352%. Pro.
visions Crmer and higher. Pork, $13 50. Bacos—Shoulders, T{e.; Clea)
Kib Sides, 8jc.; Clear Sides, U4c.; dugar-cured Haws, luje Lard, 93d
104c. Whisky steady sales, Suc.
Pritapnrruia, Oot, 25. —Cotton quiet; Middlings, 174.
MoniLg, Oct. 25.—Colton easier. not quotably lower; Middlings, 18e.v
pet recein's, 1.316 bales; exporte—cosstwise, 704 bales; sales, 600 bales)
stock, 24,340 bales.
GALvearox, Oct. 25. —Cotton flat; Good Ordinary, 154¢. net receipts,
1,000 bales; exporte—coastwise, 71 bales; stock, 37,986 hales.
GALVESTON, Oct, 21,—Cotton fat aud nominal) God Ordinary, 52
154c net receipts. 1,065 bales; stock, 27,067 My
Avgusta, Oct. 26.—Cotion dull and heavy; Middlings, 174. reenipts,
820 bales; sales. 700 baler,
SAVANNAH, Oct. 25.—Cotton in moderate demand; Mildling, 174D
17}e.; net receipts, 3,301 bales; exports—coastwise, 1.600 bales; sales,
1,000 bales; stock, 31,904 bales.
Bastions, Oct 25——Cokion steady Ry fair demand Miglin. 182
t Det receipts, gross, 1,205 bales; exporte—coast y
or sales, 585 Pat stock, 2,743 Lales.
New-OxLeaxs, Oct 25, —Cottoa heavr; Michlags, iad; Bet
receipts, 797 bales Fw 1,220 bales; exports—to t Britain, 3,702
bales; coastwise 1h! bales; sales, 3.000 bales; stock, 47,638 bales.
CixciaNatt, Oct. 25.—Cotton dail and heavy; Middfings, 174e.
Boston, Oct. 238. —Cotton dell: Middlings, 18je net receipls, 390
bales; gross, 1,685 bales; sales, 390 ba'es; stock, 6,000 bales.
87. Loris, Oet, 26.—Cotton unchanged; Midilings, 18e,
wWiLnixeron, Oct 25, —Uolton quiet; Misuben, 18¢. net hong
33 bales: Caporia—coastmae, WG bales sales, 147 bales; stock, 3,14
Jales,
Norrorx, Oct. 25.—Cotton steady: Low Middlings, LH ne
receipts. 1.850 bales; exports—coasiwise, T74 bales; sales bales;
stock, 9,341 bales.
Aswrun, Oct. 35. —Cotton dull; Middlings, I7lc.; receipts, 1,085
a
CuagLasron, Oct. 35. Cotton dull: Middlings, es net reeeinte,
2, 010 bules; exporua—coastwise, 1,759 bales; sales, 100 bales; stock,
Rl
DLEIFALUU LAL ALU BRARRARN™VIER
Cattle—Receipta, Tid bead, mak ng 3.338 bead or 203 ears. against 44
cars received a the same time last week; market fairly acuve, and
prices to Je. higher, with most all offeriag finding sale; sales, 403 Kea
tacky steers, ranging from 1292 to 1,334 15 at $4 a 8 25; 337 Ind:
ana, nog from 1,120 to 1,531 Ib, at #4 $@$6 53 Ohlo, aver
Ming 1, 1, at $340; 167 Michigan, averaging from $39
te 1500 1, at ©30P$535; 5 Texas, avenging 0
at 325; 105 Kansas, ranging from 1,122 to 1,183
Ib, at €3643$3 TS. Sheep and Lambs—Reeetpts, 5960 bead;
market steady Dr Canada; Western dall and heavy Al decline
sales, 733 Michigan Sheep raagion from 79 to 85 1, at 4D $4 50; 183
Missouri, averaging 83 th. at $450; 399 Oho, Svarsgiag 80 b J
$4 50; 201 "ndiana, Metaging 83 15, at $4 55; 943 Cana a, ranging
from 108 to 122 Is, at $5@$5 374 579 Canada Lambs, ranging from 69 to
851. at $5 5@ $6 25. Hogs—Keceipts, 3,307 head: marset dull sod
drooping, with bat light demand, and closing we k, with good many use
soli: sales. 1.858 head, at $4 252 $1 6 for Common to Chelee.
THURSDAY, OCT.
Mails for Barope, via Queenstown and Liverioul, get steamship City of
Antwerp, close at 11:30 a. m. A Supplementary Mail, ou Pler No. 6,
N. R., ia closed at 1:30 p. m.
[All letters deposited ia Supplementary Mails must be prepaid with
double postage.
Hun for Havana and the West Indies, per steamship Missouri, slose
at wm.
Pp FRIDAY, Oct. 27.
No Steamship Malis
Mails for E a uly Cy 1 Lendong
1s for Europe verpool, per p Ciy
close at 12:00 m. A Sapplewentary fia, on Pier No. 45, N. R,,
closed at 1:45 p. m.
|All lewers deposited iy Suoplementary Mail must be prepaid with
double postage.
Mails for the German States via Bremen, per stemmship Domau,
FOR LIVERPOOL—In steamshlp Colorado, Oct. 25.—F. A. Wood
and wife, O. J. Hunlivo, W, K. Masterton, Mr. Thompsou, Mr. Howertk,
Col, Bliwing, Capt. Ixaae Gilken, J, P. Ktory, Thos. Dunstan, Jobn
3. Uren, Miss M. B. Johnson, Thos Keene, Mra. Pitman, Edmund Ged
ux.
FOR LIVERPOOL—Tn steamship Scotia, Oct. 25, —Mrs. BE. L. Goold,
Mises Emma Goodwin, N. H, Borden and wife, Mr, avd Mrs. N. P, Jaf
fray and servans, E, M. Merrill, Joseph Needham, Miss Hordes, Wr.
Slade, Capt. Branteen, Mrs. Matthews, Mas. Lisie Downing, Charles C.
Thowmpeon, Mr- and Mrs. C. P. Spang, Mis Rosalie and maid,
{use Bing, Jase Basu, N, C. cabs, George v flvimes. A
earson, H. F. 0) cDowe A A
Poaron, HF Bae nti sas Dumbass sod Blend,
H. J. Pairehild, Capt. Prior, C. Bdwaxds, J, Beaman, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.
Astor, Miss E. Astor, Miss 11. Astor, Miss C. Augusta Astor, Miss Caro
line Astor, Master John J. Astor, jr., and nares, A. 8. Halodnen, Wa.
J, Pemgres. Hee? Bir Joseph Copley, Sergeant and Mra, Sleigh,
C. J. 18dings, Mise Wj Mrs. Dole, Jas. Donaldson, J. 8. Ashley,
Mrs. Ed. Learned and Miss F. Learned and nurse, Elliot Learned,
Master C. Learned, RE. Preble, A. 8. Sartori, Mise F.
Ashley aad svish W. J. Whittaker, Charles RE. Raster,
My, and Mrs. Peter M 3 children and waid, Mr, B, W. Wheelock,
J. D. Cashman, J. A. Brith, A. Ross, Wm. Arthur, W. 8, Smith, Wm.
Eames, Alex. Warsemen. A. Ackroyd Mr. Woodward, ot K M. Me
Kubla, Miss Nellie McKubin, Miss M, McKubin, Miss K. McKabin, Mise
MeoKabia, Master Charles MeKubis, Mr. B J, M. Hale, Mr, Alaipie
A W, Brass, Mr. n n W. 8
Mr. and Mra J. MW. Brass, Mr Sob Ol orertock, Ge Randle,
8. A. Peters, Walter Wilsoa, W. P. Lewis, J. L. Cunningham, Rev. J.
Jachman, D. Douglas, Rev. D, Cumpbell, Miss Campbell Kobo,
Charles Rallory, and Mrs. M. Morton, James Eddy, Joseph Bewr
don, A. Judi, Simon Brooks, Mra. Rans, Mr, and Mra. George Carter,
Mr W, L. Williams, John Bree, Miss M. E. Hasting, Mrs. end Miss
FROM OHARLESTON—In steamship Manhattan, Oct. 235. —Jas. Gray,
Jas. Lauder, Mrs. Mabr and 3 children,
MINIATURE ALMANAC,
AION WATER THIS PAT 4, W.
Sandy Hook....6:07 Gov's [sland......6:41 Hel) Gate Ferry... 8:0
W108 WATER THIS DAY P.M.
Bandy Hook......0:27, Gov's. lsland..7:01 1 Hell Gate Ferry....8:50
fan seta.......
PORT OF NEW-TORR ..cvvvvvrinnnnnins oc ,UCTORER 50.
W. Lord iy WY CH
Sin oe Walker Sverrin, Phitedeipma, «le Matiury Cay
Bleamabip D. Utley, Datla, Phiiadeiphis.
Bteamebip N Higes, Salem, wns Yeded Oo
Bteamahip Savin (Be 4. Low, Liverpool, Chas. G. Franekiva,
Siesmeblp yanoke, Brown, Richmond, City Point, asd Norfolk, OW
Steamsbls Novaily, Roe: Bostea, H. F. Dime.
I a LW
Steamship Cad (BY Proeman, Liveraodt. Willams Guion.
Ship Polar Siar, Stetson, Rottardas, Winchester Towa.
Ro Be Cl a Ce Tes, Wend, Teas
Frey LU a O, Dever. Miter On
Sleep Depaption, Milia, Providesee.
Wns 3
RRIVED.
TANT Whedbsi, Charleston, 8. C., with mio ond
“325 LX Dore (£30. Jb, 1), Mah Sukeen igh 3,
ark bamaon (Nes.), Lanes, Canif 68 git miele
Schr, Brengrees (Bv.), Tull, Bt. i lo
BE 1 aR Kuongh, 1, By
a Bc oopeash, 1. 10 Gompent 10 dage, wilh bobs
Besvon, Oat, $4. Fn vienal
TT Lm Sn Any) wip
TEE LT Tey
pally aw r o
0 11:30 loo a Rotate,
EE Lr shar ruemaid do Livan
Leng, “ne Coed hd “wa
be on “Ly 1
Fat)
NAMPA MM ADYIT™
COTTON MARKETA
BUFPPATIN CATTIP MARKET... BB
DEPARTURE OF FOREIGN MAILS.
THIRRDAY Oct 24
PASKRENOIIRS SAILED
PASSENGERS ARRIVED.
SHIP’ING INTELLIGENCE.
PORT OF NEW-TORK