Slk ^rpubliran.
SPRINGFIELD. DEC KM HER 22,7871. I

We anticipate several intermediate letters of
western txper'.eme end observation tn the writs
of "A Wintet Trip Went" to give, while tAemblJ
fresh, “another look at Chicago.” Tho story ot
the great tregedy of that city, with its sequences
and coneojacnces, is one of which the reading
world will vcarcelv erer tire.
Hrau< i»«i aterewe.
The president has made another bit, and again
turned the tables on ais opponent)—and h»’
friends. Alter the bad behavior of the Utter in
the Senate, last week, there was no other way for
him'to escaoo its evil consequences to hlssrelf.
ant the republican party than that which be bat
folowed in giving hearty and prompt wo’onr e
and adoption to ths recommendations i< t'ac i
•Civil Service Commission, fils message w Cm- j
cress on tteesubjoct, yesterday, restores Sim to;
.publie cotJideu.e it that tv alter, and mcJes him
the hiswrictJ leader, the inaugurate: -of Civil I
Service 'Reform. The work is not W w alt on
Congressional arioti,—te launches the reform
full-fledged through his own power O’rer the
offices at rhe beginning of the New
Year, —red otly suggests that Cw.gr jss may
add mere permanence to the new rolirybyfor
miHegislaucn, and trvites it to appropriate tin
money necessary te pay the exposes of its ar
plication.
That Ger. Grant has had the wit to see end
ten this opportunity to establish a popular and
^ru< tiy seeded reform, dote not necessarily j
tncte bin the best president the country can
lave, nor the strongest candide.e the republican
party erm nominate; but it is greatly to his
credit, end wUlwdd largely teats popularity and
•strengthen his prestige for the mat campaign,—
and should. If bis own often wo reckless and
undftc iminatfcg distribatioe of the offices has
•exhibited the necessity of such reform in the
manner of appointmest as. he now establishes,
and s rengtheued the populer demand tor it, the
glory is none the less hit-. I a one sense it is
hightened by such self-denying victory -over his
own infirmities and condemnation of his own
conduct. A: any rate, we are altogether too
gialofthe result to begrudge tae president even
the undue share of the honor that may possibly
-accrue to him from it.
The Victwv: wf Keforiu
Mr Curtis's admirable report on Ute civil ser
'rice, bringing the quesiien sharply and directly
before Congress, leaves,no further cause for re
gret or cor :plaint that that subject is omitted
from the senatorial resolution of investigation
and reform; while Gen Wilson’s success in re
storing She power ot the committee to make their
investigation effective and thorough, by the au
thority to send for persons and papers, gives to
the resolution, at least -ell the value and force
which tie mo vers desired. Nothing remains now
for the aitisf sctionoUde public mind, and the
cause at reform, bet the reconstruction of the
committoe, so as to insure thorough, impartial
and earnest 'work under the resolution as finally
agreed to. Without this is done, the committee
will kasa neither the confidence nor the respect
of the country, and ate injury to the republican
party a®d ttte administration, which the factious
andk^cxdeting course of many of their leaders
and friends inflicted, by resisting the resolution
..aid emasculating the committee, will remain to
fret and fester with greater or less degree.
Bat party and persons out of the question, this
blundering and otherwise barren controversy be
tween republican senators must operate to give
final and full success ta the cause of civil service
reform. Th sir opposition to Mr Trumbull’s reso
lution cud sneers at his arguments will
oblige tbe ad ministration senators, as a matter
of personal a nd party .policy, to give the heartiest
and prompt!st supper: to Mr Curtis's recom
mendaticns. Elecitat.ee and cavil over them now
would adranc e the present public suspicion of
their enmity to reform to conviction, and so
strengthen th 3 opposition to their presidential
-candidate as to mate his cause doubtful, if not
hopeless.
Mr Curtis is thus fortunate in bringing out his
-report in the m idstofthis senatorial disputation.
Ee will find a h eartier welcome for it in conse
quence, both from the public and the politicians;
and he is touch more certain to gain for it a
prompt adoption and a fair trial than he would
hut for thatquar rel. Gen Grant and his friends
are trebly pledge-1 now to inaugurate a civil ser
vicereform; first, by their repeated promises and
assurances to the public;, second, by their quarrel
with those leaders of the republican party who
are-recognized by (A® country as the earliest and
truest advocates of such a reform; and, third, by
their hopes of continuing-to be the leadersand
the candidates of tilt repaid;can party.
Thecountryds thus on the eve of a great re
farm vietory ami of sa immense revolution in its
political machinery. The consequences of the
proposed severance of the patronage of the fed
eral government from the direct disposition of
the members of Congress and the heads of the de
partments can hardly becveraitimated. It strikes
a fetal blow at the whole existing process by
which parties have been held together, and men
have .been kept in place and power. It must rev
olutssnive and elevate the whole tone and charac
ter of our personal politics, as wall as of our pub
lic adstinistrttion. £t wi„ bring a better class
of men, not only into the executive offices, but
into legf-slative places; it will free members of
Congress from subserviency to local rings cf
office-hoWers; while it will displaee-s.r ratorm the
latter altogether. It is a revolution and a victory
that makes very acail tb< questions As president
or cabinet ministers, of tariffs or currencies. Ard
Gm Grant is agria most fortunate in easing ar.d
accepting the opportunity Au admit ana organize
jhe popular demand for it.
Of course, weare well aware that n« regulo-
Gons or laws can alone eradicate the evlU of our
ssiril service system. Along with them must go
the active public opinion which animates their
purpose, and insists on tiieir generous fulfillment.
Aiocg with them, too, must be the executive, who
appreciates the spirit and value of the reform,
yields* welcome to Its suggestions, and gives a
vigorow and fail enforcement to its provisions.
The XeW Apporiionment for (longress
me* in
If the apportionment bill which has already
passed the Hoose P»ss the Senate without
material amendment, Massachusetts will gain a
t in^rWliT. while New Hampshire and Ver
mont each lose one. The method of computing
Among the (MN ii this; Taking the total
TilE SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1871.
population pf th e states exclusive of territories i
j|) and dividing it by 283, the number
fitted v pon for the Eoc« to contain, we get the
num’oer for each congfossman, which is 184,675,
Tb on dividing the •papulation of each state by
this, wesret the nv.mlor of congressmen for each
state, with a frfo 'loa of the population over.
I Every •state num# ,ve at least one member, and
j so Dataware, N«»atka, Nevada and Oregon get
each a tnemfcsr, though they have less than
131)875. The ether 33 states get 263 members
by the first division, and there are still 17 mem- j
hers to be given to the states with the largest re- i
aiaitriers. Tonnccticut, which bad but three,,
now geta another for a remainder of 133,429, ami
M jssachveetts, which had but ten, as before,
now gets mother for a remainder of I ID.fix,
Maine gets its fifth member by a fraction ol I
88,215, aad Rhede Island her tecond by 81 f i«,
i while'Vermont, with her remainder of t'l,2Ul,
i falls of her third member, and so does New
I Hsmrsbire with a remainder of 48,950: the low.
I est fraction that secures a member being rO.H'i,
in Atrtausas.
New Ipoking at our state population of 1.457,- i
351, we no longer take the general standard
(P'’ ,675) in order to determine our eoagressiowl I
districts, but a new one, 132,486, the quotient
Of our population divided by 11. Let us see
what districts can be made on this basis. Htmp
den and Berkshire, which now go together, have
a population of 148,225, and therefore wes can
spare Holyoke and Ludlow to the Hampshire
aud Franklid district. The two counties just
named have a population of 17,023, ard with
Holyoke and Ludlow 88.883, requiring nearly
I 41,000 trom Worcester county tc make up the
i district. This number could oe had aid yet set
off Berlin, Bolton, Cdntea, Harvard, Lancaster,
Lunenburg and Sterling te the present seventh
district. But of the fourth, fifth and sixth dis
tricts a new district should ba formed, made up
'of the cities and large towns near Boston,—
1 Cambridge, Charlestown. Lynn, Chelsea, Sum
erville, with a few small ones like Revere, Win-
I throp and Saugus thrown in to fill up. To the
fifth district Haverhill, Bradford and Boxtord
should be given to make up for the loss of Lynn;
j and to the sixth should be added Lowell, to re
place Charlestown and 'Somerville, Woburn,
j Waltham and Lexington taken away and added
Ito the seventh district, which should then give
I up some of its Norfolk towns to the third dis
trict, and borrow about 10,000 from the eighth
I district, which would have them to spare. The
first and second districts might remain as they
I are, or Dorchester might be added to the third
j district. The first seven wards of Boston should
I form the fourth district, the other wards with
i the towns of Brookline and West Roxbury
i should form the third district, and the few towns
left over should be distributed among the nearest
districts.
This would secure to the democrats, in ordi
nary years, the northern district of Boston, which
ought to be represented by a democrat, while the
republicans would carry the other en districts as
now. It would break up the poll cal rings in
the fifth, sixth and seventh distri, is, and make
the latter more decidedly a rural district, while it
would unite the suburban cities about Boston in
a combination that would soon seem a very
natural one. It is plain from the local increase
of population that the new district must be made
somewhere in the vicinity of Boston, and it is
better to arrange it as on the above plan than to
put parts of Boston into three districts, in order
to swamp the democratic vote of the city by the
republican vote of the adjacent cities and towns.
The details of our plan can of course be much
improved, but something like the grouping we
have indicated will be found, we believe, to be
best adapted to the new arrangement that the
next Legislature will be called upon to make.
Mr Hoar’s <,abor Commission.
Whatever may be thought of Mr Hoar’s bill
to establish a commission of three to inquire into
the condition of the laboring people of the coun
try—and we think very well of it—the debate
upon it does not present our legislators as know
ing much about the matter. And there is this to
be said in favor of Mr Farnsworth’s suggestion
to have the inquitf made by Mr Hoar’s commit
tee,—that such a course would compel five or six
members of the House to learn something of a
question that the whole 240 have no hesitation in
discussing, whether they know anything about it
or not. la other respects the proposition to have
the work done by a committee of Congress is a
very silly one,—for no such committee can make
the proper investigatiens for want of time and
preliminary knowledge. It would be as sensible
to appoint a House committee to make a Cainese
dictionary, or translate the Sanscrit sacred books.
If the time of the inquiry is limited to one year,
as by the bill of Mr Hoar, it will be needful to
select men for the commission who are already
at home in such investigations,—men like Mr
Wells, whom we nominated a few days ago, and
whom Mr Cox was wise enough to propose
on the floor of the House. The other names men
tioned there, of Messrs Day, Troup and Trevel
llck, were brought in for party effect, but very
likely one of these persons may be familiar with
the matter. Trevellick professes to be, but is
merely a brawling demagogue, who, judging by
his speeches, is ignorant of the simplest rules of
arithmetic. Tbe men selected should not be par
tisans, and it would be well if one of them were
a practical working-man, in sympathy with what
is known as the labor movement. But the other
two should be men of as profound acquaintance
with the history and the existing facts of our in
dustrial condition as can be found.
The debate just ended developed a good deal
of positive, though scattering and unreasonable
opposition to the bill. The dtmocratic members
did not venture, generally, to oppose such an in
quiry, but they made every effort possible to cast
reproach upon the republican) in connection with
the labor question. Fernand® Wood was the
most ingeniously ab^rd and outrageously parti
san in his remarks of this nature. He declared
that the republicans were wholly to blame for
the woes of the working-men; before they came
into power with Liacoln, the working-men were
happy and prosperoas; labor received its just re
ward, and held an equal position in the favor of
the government. Gold and silver were the only
national currency; duties levied on foreign goods
fart liked the only source of revenue; there was
no public debt, no class legislation, no discrimi
nation in favor of capital against labor, no land
bounties nor railroad subsidies, and no mammoth
corporations upheld by official favor. And it is
only in the restoration of the party to power
which governed in 1860, that the working-men of
the country can find relief, said Mr Wood. His
colleague, Mr Slocum, did not take so gloomy a
view bf the miseries of our laboring men, who
enjoy many advantages in this country unknown
In any other country on «artb; bat he admitted
that «ome evil, existed which could be remedied
by Congress. Among these evils were many un
necessary officer*, great extravagance in ixpendi-
i turcs and dishonretv in office. He called atten
tion particularly to the southern atari s, to the
frauds In the custom b.iuso at New lork and;
other foands. These eelts, he claimed, increased
the cost of the necessaries of life and the taxes
i imposed «po j the people. Mr Cox, who favored
the bill, spoke in a more pertinent manner, but
could not forget to address democratic buncombe.
Now it there is any question which ought to be
whol^ removed from the arena of party politics
it is this ot inquiring into the actual condition of
our poople. Politic) have no more to do with it
than '.hey have with the census; Indeed, the in-
I instigation which Mr Hoar proposes is simply an
expansion ot' the social statistics of the census in
this particular direction. He raised a needless
alarm by some rhetorical remarks of his the other
day about the French Commune and the interna-
I .ional society, which also are as foreign to the
matter under consideration as the dead and buried
1 pro-slavery administrations that Fernando Wood
laments. The true business of a labor commis
sion is to ascertain the facts concerning the
j 30,000,000 people, more or less, who in this coun
try support themselves by the labor of their
hands. Till those facts are found out and placed
on record, all this talk about tariffs and monopo-
I lies has nothing to do with the present inquiry;
when they are reported we shall know what ba
sis of truth there is in declamations about tho es
feet of thia dug or that on the condition of our
working men and working-women. At present
we are in a state of chaotic ignorance about it,
I which gives occasion for the wildest nonsense
under the forms of political economy and philan
i thropic appeal. Let us keep our facts and our
j buncombe in separate parcels, so iar as the labor
j question is concerned, and so far as human frail
|ty will permit. The bill as it finally passed the
House by a great majority was foolishly amend
ed so as to limit the commission to a single year,
instead of two, but in other respects was some
what improved from Mr Hoar’s first draft. It is
as follows
Section 1. There shall bo appointed by the
president, by and with the advice aud consent ol
the Senate, a commission of three persons, of
whom one shall be practicady identified with the
laboring interests of the country, and who shall
be selected solely with reference to their charac
ter and capacity for honestand impartial investi
gation, and shall hold office for the period of one
year from date of appointment, unless their
duties shall have been sooner accomplished.
They shall investigate the subject of wages and
hours of labor, and the division of thejoint profits
of labor and capital between the laborer and the
capitalist, and the social, educational, and sani
tary condition of the laboring classes of the
United States, and how the same are affected by
the existing laws regulating commerce, •finance
and currency. Provided, that the said commis
sion shall be appointed irrespective of political
or partisan considerations, and from civil life.
See. 2. Said commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of SSOOO each, shall be authorized
to employ a clerk, and shall report the result of
their investigations to the president, to be by him
iransmitted to Congress.
A Kighteons Verdict.
A case of great interest to all life insurance
companies and the public generally, aud of spe
cial interest here, because the Massachusetts Mu
tual life insurance company was one of the par
ties engaged, has lately been decided by the
court of quarter, sessions for Bucks county, at
Doylestown, Pa.
The case in brief, was this: Some years ago a
man named Oliver J. Stirk, through an insur
ance broker named Owen Groom, procured by
fraud and forgery a policy of life insurance in
the Massachusetts Mutual company on Stirk’s
wife, who then lay at the point of death. The
company speedily discovered the imposition, re
fused to pay the amount of the policy, and Stirk,
on attempting to compel payment, had his case
summarily thrown ont of court. But the compa
ny did not let the matter rest here. Major Knox,
the eecretary, sought and found evidence proving
the fraud and forgery on the part of
Stirk and Groom, brought suits against
them, and Stirk, being convicted, was
sentenced to six years and four months in the
Eastern penitentiary at Philadelphia. Groom
confessed his guilt by forfeiting his bonds of
SIOOO and clearing out beyond the reach of the
court.
In these days, when attempts to cheat life in
surance companies are so frequent and too often
successful, it is refreshing to see one of the swin
dlers brought to justice, and the Massachusetts
Mutual company has not only done a good
thing for itself and its policy-holders in pushing
this case at a»large expense of time and money,
but has rendered a service to all other companies
in setting up the fate of Stirk as a warning to
other rascals who may think life insurance com
panies lawful sources of plunder. If all cases of
successful or attempted fraud were prosecuted as
vigorously, there would soon be fewer of them.
Fisk, Mansfield, et ai..—The report that
Jim Fisk, Jr., had compromised with Josephine
Mansfielj, paying her a good sum of money to
withdraw her suit, does not seem to be quite cor
rect. An attempt was made to settle, not by
Fisk, but by two Boston bankers, prominent in
financial and social circles at the hub, who would
be implicated in a very unpleasant and disrepu
table way if Fisk’s letters to Josephine should be
published. These bankers had an interview, last
week, with Miss or Mrs—which is it?—Mansfield,
»hich resulted in a settlement satisfactory to the
lady if not to the bankers. But it was not car
ried out at onee, owing to the fact that Fisk in
sisted upon other exactions which the Boston
financiers refused to accede to, and the only re
sult was to postpone for three weeks the hearing
which was to have taken place before Judge
B xby of the Yorkville police court, lastfiaturday.
There seems to be a good deal of sharp practice
going on on all sides in the case, and
it is still very likely that the famous
letters will soon he published.
Mr Henby Theodobe Tuckebman’s sadden
death removes from among our elder literary
men an industrious and genial writer, who, with
out great force of thought or beauty of sty le, yet
held as honorable place in American literature.
He was born in Boston in 1813, early went
abroad, without graduating, and spent three or
four vears there, chiefly in Italy, with the lan
guage, scenery and art of which he became very
well acquainted. His first volume, the Italian
Sketch-Book, was published in 1835; since then
he has published a dozen or fifteen volumes, and
his written frequently for the magazines and
newspapers, fn 1845 he removed from Biston to
New York, and has since divided his time be
iweon that city and Newport. He died at New
York on Sunday of rapid consumption, leaving
an enviable reputation for kindness of heart and
courtesy of manners, among hit nnmeroM
friends.
A WINTER 7'RIP WEST.
ANOTHKK look AT aitCAtiO.
he l*r»r.m» es tUbalMing—The Pvlcsm
o' Ite H.I«V The CkaMV» as n Fnll—
The Hevrlassau «f
-I Mens* I*llll Mmp»»'Wic in Park—Thr
I.u iriised Pm»»*'vHy nt she tSirnl
Sioux The Hellef Maelviy nn<i
mialalsnlian—Thr Tragic ami the rar
dcal SSidro of ihr Fire.
Correspondeace of The Republican
Chicago, December 11,1871.
Another day in Chicago, after an absence of
four weeks, gives one now lissurnnceof a success
ful reconstruction, and a larger faith in the spirit
and power of that Americanism which has al
ways held such peculiar reign over this city.
Such life and vigor and enthusiasm, such abso
lutely crowding, earnest work as one sees on
every hand here, cannot fail to soon restore the
city to all its old wealth and business, and give
to It more than its old facilities for commerce
and comfort and luxury.
Beyond the little bare wooden structures that
now dot like ant-hills all the North side, and af
ford temporary homes for many thousands of its
working-men aud poorer inhabitants, and lager
beer for their thirst, little is being done yet to
ward reconstructing the dwellings of the city.
Accommodations for business purposes naturally
receive the first attention, aud so the tokens of
permanent rehabilitation are more pioninent on
the South side than on the North. Here I find
manv substantial brick buildings have gone up
since I was here before, and many more are in
rapid progress. The cold weather interferes but
little with the progress of the work. Brick and
mortar can be laid quite as well with
the thermometer at freezing, as at summer heat,
—the main point to be guarded being that the
bricks should be dry, and so ready to take in at
once the moisture of the mortar. Mr Boyington,
your old-tin e Springfield builder and architect,
now, as for many years, the leading man in his
business here, tells me the firmest wall he ever
laid was in Springfield one January, a long
time ago, when the mortar froze almost as fast
as it was put between the bricks. I find him, by
the way, hard at work, in a large improvised of
fice of rough boards, surrounded by a dozen or
twenty draughtsmen and clerks, and having al
ready between $3,000,000 and $4,000,000 in con
tracts for new buildings on hand.
A lack of materials, as well as of money, still
delays the-progress of enterprise somewhat; but
the high and doubtful prices asked for lots, and
the still partially open questions as to the chief
centers ot business, lead to a yet greeter hesita
tion. The great fact already apparent on the
latter point is that the business area of Chicago
is to be greatlv extended as the result of the fire.
What was concentrated into a few blocks before
will be spread over twice or thrice the space. The
old centers will not be neglected perhaps, but new
streets and blocks will be similarly improved. The
tfleet of this, as already somewhat manifest, al
though not wholly conceded, is to spread the
high prices for land over a much greater extent
of' ground,—to bring down the higher
rates in certain old favorite quar
ters, and carry up those in otners.
It is doubtful if the vacant lots on Lske and
Dearborn, and adjoining streets, will sell for as
much now, or for some years to come, as they
did before tbo fin; while il is clear that Waba»h
and Michigan avenues, and other streets leading
southward from the old center, as well as several
of the more prominent streets on the West side,
are already greatly, and certainly to be perma
nently, enhanced,’ as the result of the fire, and
through the work of reconstruction. Thus, many
lots, formerly occupied by dwelling-houses, on
Wabash and Michigan avenues, and held at not
above S4OO or SSOO a foot, are now firm at SIOOO,
and in some cases find purchasers at the higher
price. Similar advanced prices are also ob
tained on the principal West side streets. Still,
there is much doubt whether the rates at present
demanded can be maintained unbroken. The
more intelligent opinion is that there will be, at
least, a temporary reaction, and many mere spec
ulators, as well as many contractors and others
intending to build, are waiting to take advantage
of that opportunity to enlarge their present areas
or to buy new locations. As a type of this opin
ion, I quote what was said tc me by an intelli
gent young person, familiar with the history and
a close observer of the recent experiences of Chi
cago. If what be says does not hold exactly
true, you will certainly admit that it tias the
merit of being well said: “There is
going to be a fearful struggle on the part
of many business men to recover, but I
fear in too many instances they must go under.
Those people on the North side, the steady, old,
respectable part of Chicago society, scorning
shoddy, and great in libraries, pictures, and the
small sweet luxuries of life, are the most to be
pitied. Not many of them were greatly wealthy,
but owned fine homes, and some business house
or two which brought them steady incomes, and
obviated the necessity for work therefore they
fell out of the regular line of toilers. To-day,
these men, like I. N. Arnold, Ogden, and many
others, are deprived of home, income, and every
hope of recovering. True, they own the bare
ground, but they cannot possibly sell it for what
they are desperately demanding, and, if they suc
ceed in borrowing upon it, will not find a dollar
at their service for more than 25 per cent
of its value before the fire. Before the, winter is
over, most probably before the middle of’January,
real estate must take a pitch downward, and
then that same old story will be repeated, wjiere
bv so many of Chicago’s rich men have grown
rich and richer. There will stand ready new
men to buy, and five years hence realize the
fortunes lost by these unfortunate sufferers. It is
going to be the old story, very forcibly illus
trated, of how no man becomes rich save at the
expense of his neighbors. By which moralizing
Ido not wish you to understand that I shall
scorn, if opportunity offers, to seize upon such
choice bits of said lands as prudence and my
means may allow!"
The utter disemboweling and wide and inco
herent scattering of the business portion of the
city, as the result of tbe fire, not only produce
good deal of confusion, but offer odd c6ntrast)
and operate as a revelation cf the various ways
and means by which people get a living. In the
serried compactness of a settled business quarter,
few of us notice what is going on in the various
shops and offices and stores. We go to the place
for which we are in search, and take in few or
none ot toe crowded details that surround us. But
scatter all these shops and offices and stores
away from their natural associations, and among
the residences of the town, and each particular
sign and ware stares oat at you as a special ap
peal and revelation as you go by. There is a
piano warehouse in a church; here a fine marble
dwelling house is possessed by the money
changers in great variety; a “broker in gro
ceries” hangs out his sign from the chamber win
dow of a little wooden cottage; a bank is dis
counting and payingdeposits over a pine board, in
tbe dining room of your eld neighbor; printer’s
ink is being daubed all over the delicate tinted
walls that, two months ago, fondly echoed the
spooneyisms of sentimental youth; and lager
beer and cold sausage are served our. from the
dainty little chapel, where eke the Rev Cream
Cheese dlspen ed his administrations. Every
thing is glaring, incongrous, startling The
lawyers and tbe insurance agents seem to have
multiplied like the plagues in Egypt;
and go where you will, you cannot escape the
presence of business shops and offices. Nobody
knows where anybody is; there was no order, of
coarse, in tbe way in which business settled it
self after the revolution; directories are of no
avell; you get lost or confused beyond redemp
tion in the wide waste of advertisements that fill
tbe papers; and you go wildly searching about
through the prostituted homes and the recon
structed ruins, to find somebody whom, for aught
you know, perished in the conflagration. Tbe
banks, the newspaper efflees, the great insurance
agencies, and tbe leading law offices, are all
double-headed, and have two places of business,
one on the West side, and the other in improvised
building) among the ruins, or in the old dwelling
hou»< of Wabash or Michigan avenue) on the
Siulh side. The post-office b») Just been Iran)-
ferred to the M thodlat church on Wabash are
uue, which arrested tho southward progress of
tlio tlamea, and will probably remain there for
some years, or until the governmeut completes it)
new building.
Business come) bac k quite readily, and goes
on amid all the embarrassment) of tho situation
with almost undlmlni'h'd volume. Last week,
for instance, Chicago “did” a million dollars In
ootk alone, and those great mercantile houses,
Field Leiter and Farwell i Co., report that
they never sold so many goods In tbo same time,
as liny have done for the last month. This
meat a, I suppose, that their weak rivals are
crushed out, and that the trade in their line is
concentrated more than ever iu their bands. The
same rule bolds true in other business. The
strong are stronger than ever; the weak have
gone down tinder the terrib’o blow. Of the news
papers, the Tribune, the Journal, the Times and
tlie S'aats Zeitung, tbo great German paper of
tho Northwest, arc as fresh and powerful, and, I
suspect, more prosperous than ever; while tbeir
smaller and weaker rivals have either succumbed,
or are struggling doubtfully along into position.
1 am sorry to say that the plan of coucentrat
ing all the railroads in a grand statiou on both

likely to be realized. The old divisions and the
old locations arc practically to be kept up, though
the Northwestern indicates a purpose to swing
round and make connection with the great cen
tral depot on the lake shore. It is a real pity
that such an opportunity for such a great im
provement in the. railway facilities ot Chicago
should be thus neglected
Tho relief society find their hands even
fuller of work and care, than of money.
It depends upon the length and severity
of the season whether their funds will hold out
to the end. Naturally, there has been a good
deal of criticism as to their administration of the
charity, and committees from Cincinnati and
from the New York chamber of commerce have
been on here to make investigations. The result
is uniformly favorable to the fidelity, wisdom
and efficiency cf the Chicago organization. Of
course it cannot avoid more or less mistakes in
details. There will be many people to get aid
who do not need it, and should not have it; there
will be as many others, probably, who will tail
to receive their due share of the, world’s generous
charity. Greediness and deceit always win their
victories, while sensitive, shrinking modesty un
duly suffers in all such experiences as this, in
spite of every precaution and every care on the
part of the administrators of relief. The main
relief society is wisely and efficiently supplement
ed by various local organizations of the ladies
of the citv, who are taking especial pains to
search out and help, in a quiet, private
way, that large, worthy and needy class
who prefer to suffer in silence than to assail with
greedy clamor the agents of the main organiza
tion. Much is also being done by these ladies,
not only with money, but with clothing and oc
cupation as well, in softening the results of their
losses to great numbers of those who are iu no
danger of actually freezing or starving, but,
through scant food, and scantier clothing, and
narrow, uncomfortable homes, are really suffer
ing more, perhaps, than tho larger and rougher
class, who are the more direct and pressing ob
jects of public relief. The managers of the relief
organization find difficulty already in procuring
the right sort of continuous voluntary assistance
for the direction of the charity, and such men as
Wirt Dexter, the lawyer, and Col Hammond, the
railroad manager, now one of the vice presidents
of the Pullman valace car company, who enlisted
at first in the direction of the organization, are
likely to find no interruption to tbeir incessant
and burdensome labors, until their work is sub
stantially over, next spring. Everybody, who is
anybody, is busy here with their own personal
burdens, and tuough everybody is full of good
feeling, and superficially eager and ready to do
tbeir part in the relief work, it seems practically
impossible either for them to give, or for those
who took the leadership in the great work to
command, their time, especially in the higher
and more delicate departments of the labor, suf
ficiently long and sufficiently earnestly to be of
much avail But with every imperfection that is
charged or admitted, there never was so great a
work of charitable relief, so thoroughly
organized, and so wisely and tflicient
ly administered before. The economy
of it, too, is worthy of recognition. It is fonnd,
for instance, that $3.15 pays for the weekly food
and fuel of a family of five persons.
There is no end to the tragedies and romances
of the conflagration. Every one who was here
has a new, sad or farcical story to repeat, and the
listener is alternately in tears and in laughter
over the terrible sufferings and the amusing hap
penings of those days and nights, when a great
city lost its wealth, and very largely its wits.
One lady tells of finding herself at 2 o’clock in
the morning crouching down by tho waters of
tbe lake, wiih her four half-clad children around
her, while all she had of her worldly goods were a
camel’s hair shawl and a lavender silk dress!
Many another fine lady saved all her store of
silks and satins, and jewelry and laces, and yet
bad to seek charity for clothing to keep herself
warm. But these are not tbe first people in the
history of the world who have clung wildly and
blindly to the meat that perishes, and gone starv
ing through their lives. s. B.
WARRINGTON’SJL.ETTERS.
From Our Own Correspondent.
Boston, Wednesday, December 20, 1871.
THE RADICAL CLUB
Had a nice meeting at Mr Sargent’s house on
Monday. The sermon, —or does a sermon be
come an essay when it is read in a parlor ?—was
by Prof C. C. Everett of Harvard college. It was
a finely written paper, and was heard with atten
tion and interest. The conversation was lively,
but much less valuable, it seemed to me, than
the essay. Prof Stowe was combative, not find
ing much fault with the essay, but sparring with
Dr Bartol and Dr Hedge, and holding on to the
miracles as well as he could, which was but
poorly. Dr Hedge, who gave them up long ago,
kept bis position as a Christian by undervaluing
them as a part of the Christian system,—as if the
church, and all the churches, in all ages since the
Christian era, has been mistaken in supposing
that the system, as a system, rests on the mira
cles and the supernatural. The doctor said a good
word for Boodh, who is more and more coming
into vogue as the leading Christian authority here
in Boston. Dr Stowe was led by his humor into
saving that he wished tbe Lord had made fewer
people, and better ones; and in humorous re
iiuke, Dr Bartol cited the remark of Alphonso,
that if he had been present when tbe world was
made, he could have given the Creator many use
ful suggestions. [Did you ever hear of any one
of these people (who wish fewer and better men
had been made! who ever thought it would have
been wise for tbe Creator to leave them out?l
Dr Stowe said a miracle was only a superior force
operating in a direction contrary to thatin which
it was usually applied, and he compared it to
throwing a ball in the air, which is, to the extent
the ball goes, a reversal of tbe law of gravitation.
This was shallow enough; somebody should have
asked him if a boy performs a miracle whenever
he throws his ball in the air? If so, there is no
controversy about’ the genuineness of miracles.
Dr Bartol. in his dreamy way, talked of Christ
and his religion as an idea, an ideal, and so on,
and related a conversation he had with Dr Miner,
in which that practical man of the world insisted
on facts, while Dr B. preferred to let haze "es
tablish its serenity o’er tbe fields." Mr Wasson
honestly confessed that these things were mostly
mysteries to him, and some of them inconceiva
ble; and Mr Higginson, in reply to Dr Stowe and
others who had been disposed to put the Creator
on the defensive, vindicated his wafs, and
thought human nature was the better, tbe more
he saw of it.—At the reception given to Mr and
Mrs Stowe at the woman’s club, I hear there was
some strong woman suffrage talk by both these
guests and hy Mr Garrison and others, while the
good Catherine was (silent or absent —I observe
that tbe Horticultural ball religionists are to have
another series of Sunday discounts the coming
winter.
BENCH, BAR, AND THE WAREHAM CASE.
Messrs Charles G. Davis, (counsel for Billings
of Wareham, convicted of adultery), Perez Sim
mons (opposition candidate to Mr E. L. Pierce
for district attorney, end beaten by 10,600 major
ity or so, and also connsei In the same ease), and
six others, lawyers or constables, or something
of that sort in tho county of Plymouth, have
united in a paper which Mems to be Intended for
a reply to statements which have appeared in
several newspapers, "especially the Boston cor
respondence of The Springfield Republican,” re
lating to tbe part which Judges Brigham and
Reed took in procuring tbo rejection of Mr Pierce
for judge. My statements, if these gentlemen re
fer to my letter, as I suppose they do, had refer
ence to the part these judges took in that intrigue
with incidental reference to their supposed mo
tives. I do not see as they de
ny, of their own knowledge, that Brig
ham ami Reed opposed the confirmation of Mr
Pierce. This is all tb<v say on that subjict:
W’e do not know what thitt tiwlUmin did with re
yard to the confirmation of Mr Pierce, though we
are informed Unit Judge Brigham was careful to
avoid any comment upon one who might become
his associate; and that Judge R ed confined him
self to expressing his opinion when it was asked;
and that neither «f them sought to exert any in
fluence whatever with regard to it.” Well, if
Davis Co. don’t know anything about it,
they do well to bo reticent. As for what they are
informed, that goes for but little. Reed is con
victed of interference, any way. it matters not
whether he went round volunteering bis advice,
or whether Mr Pierce’s other opponents sent
councilors to ask him his opinion. I think it
would be more manly, as will as more truthful,
for him to own up, as long us there is an explicit
admission that he did interfere, whenever he was
asked. This sensitiveness seems to show that he
is a little ashamed of himself. Tbe apology for
Brigham is a little more full, and may go for
what it is worth, for aught I care. I presume the
opinion of tbe public will not be changed
by this “we are informed.” Informed by
whom? Perhaps Davis infoimi Simmons;
and then Simmons informs Mason; and then
Mason ir.lornns B. W. Harris; and then Ha-ris
informs the Kingmans; aud then the Kingmans
inform Tucker; and then Tucker informs Perkins.
If so, tho information does not go for much.
These apologists give a curious reason why J udge
Brigham does not defend himself. They say “it
is impossible for him, as he is etill upon the
bench, to contradict these statements in the
public prints.” I did not know that there was
anything in the judicial position which aecesea
riiy made the man who holds it an imbecile. If
there is, Mr Pierce is to be again congratulated
on his non-confirmation. Wbat is the trouble?
Cannot the chief justice of the superior court
write 'I Cannot he dieiate to an amanuensis Or
has tbe habit of charging juries after this iash
ion, —“Gentlemen, you will weigh the evidence
in this case, and if you find that Peter Stiggins,
tbe defendant, did, beyond all reasonable doubt,
embezzle the plaintiff’s pig at 25 minutes pas' 4
o’clock p. m., on Wednesday tbe 31st of May
last, you will say so by ysiur verdict; and if, on
the contrary, you, on your oaths, believe that
there is reasonable cause to think that at that
precise moment Silggins was on the highway be
tween Squawbetty and Sqn zzieviile. four miles
at least from the scene of the alleged
embezzlement, you will say so by your
verdict”—has the habit of mind which produces
such a production as this incapacitated him from
writing a paragraph in the newspapers’ Oh
no! This is onlv a spec.men of legal aud judicial
cant. Put Charles G Davis cr Perez Simmons
on tbe bench of the superior court, and twenty
four hours afterward they would be enveloped in
this constructive ermine—“too deep for an earl.”
A man may be a regular old hack politician lor
forty years, diversifying politics with tho casuis
tical practice of the most demoralizing of all pro
fessions, and when he is put in a box and locked
in, and gets iu tbe habit of contemplating the ju
dicial tenure, as laid down in the constitution,
gets himself well flattered by tho title “Y'our
honor,” and well smattered with the judicial for
mulas, he begins to think that the people don’t
know that he is just the same foxy old politician
and lawyer that he always was. This is all a
mistake. The popular instinct reverences, not
l the judicial office, but brains and integrity
and simplicity in it. Judiciary? Why, there
are a number of thousand judges here iu
Massachusetts, with the good-behavior tenure
for seven years, which is nearly the
average term of judges of the superior
court; and every one of them, from Seth Phelps,
who leaves his shoe bench at 10 a. m. for the
bench of the trial justice, engages in a legal tussle
with the corner grocer, flings him and then goes
back to his lap-stone,—to Eldad Grimes who is
called, like Cincinnatus, from his plow to settle a
four-and sixpe-nce dispute and then returns to
his furrow—every one of them is a “jedge,” as
Hosea Biglow would call him Few of them,
however, are the victims of this cant, and they
are all the more respectable because they are not.
In point of fact, with very rare exceptions, the
judges cf the supreme and superior and probate
courts are all the time meddling in politics. And
no harm done, if they were only honest enouL-h
to own it. As to the Billings case, and Mr
Pierce’s conduct in entering a noljwoHafter tbe
counsel for Billings had succeeded in getting a
new trial, I have little to say. I do not suppose
there is a man in Plymouth county, counting
even Davis and Simmons, the counsel, who en
tertains a doubt or has ever entertained a doubt
of Billings’s guilt. Not one. Adultery is
believed to be not more unpopular in
that county than elsewhere, when it is
committed by men; yet after a hard fight, and
though aidtd by able counsel, the Wareham man
was convicted. The case was so flagrant thht, in
the neighborhood, the district attorney gained
great credit and popularity by his successful en
forcement of the law; and when election day came
he received a larger majority than anybody else.
Judge Brigham, when be granted anew trial,
said that there were no grounds in law for do
ing so; yet, “under the circumstances," he
should do it. He was himself, (Davis Co. ex
plicitly say) against granting the motion, and
It is not specially a compliment to him, surely,
that his opinion, after he had heard the motion
argued a day or two, was overruled by five
judges who gave no formal hearing or had any
thing more than a casual consultation five min
utes long, on the sub’ect. The thing was glossed
over in some way or other, and a new trial was
ordered. The new evidence was unques
tionably rubbish, such as a lawyer
can trump up at any time. Tbe rea
son for a second trial was the desire to give the
culprit another chance toescape thejail. Whether
the judges knew or cared anything about Bil
lings, or were wrongbt upon by counsel, or any
body else, matters not. Toe result was that a
notorious old scamp escaped the law, and they
knew it then and know it now. Mr Pierce prob
ably exhibited some feeling—l hope so at any
rate—whereat the judges took offense, and after
ward took their revenge. This seems to be about
the whole story, in spite of the varnish which
Davie et. al. have spread over it. Let me add
that this disposition to varnish Billings seems to
exist still in the minds of Mr Davis and his asso
ciates. They do not mention his name. They
call him the “defendant,” and speak of him "as
a citizen of Wareham, over 40 years of age, mar
ried and the father of a large family." Are these,
in tbe county of Plymouth, considered extenu
ating circumstances? Again, he is called a man
of “small means, earning a fair but not large
salary as superintendent of some iron works in
Wareham;" “well known in that part of Plym
outh county, but not a man of wealth or high so
cial position.” A very proper man, according to
the description, to be made an example of, if tbe
law was to be enforced at ail, especially as the
offense was gross, outrageous, long continued
and a notorious public scandal, beginning when
tbe girl was less than 16 years of age, and con
tinuing nearly a year,—in fact it was one of the
worst eases ever tried. But enough of this, for
your columns at any rate.
CHRISTMAS.
After drizzling, raining, snowing and shining
alternately for two or three davs, it now looks as
if the weather for Christmas was going to
be clear,—which wifi nj .ica the hearts of the
storekeepers and the bazar people. The bazar
baa three days longer to run. I do not know
how its receipts compare with those of last year;
in some departments larger, but probably thus
far, on tbe whole, smaller. J presume that to
day, Thursday and Friday will make up. The
bazar itself wema even more attractive than last
year, tbedecoration) being finer. It is probable
that the interdict against gambling in the shape