THE SUNDAY MOENING APPEAL OCTOBER 39, 1871.
v
SUNDAY APPEAL
SUNDAY MORNilG.
OCT 29, 1871
II V WESTEB" Ktll.BOAItN DID SOI
PAT THE SJ At I
wo years ago the Memphis and
harhston and, we believe, other
West Tennessee roads made all pre
I li miliary arrangements, the stock
bolcers assenting, to go into the New
"i rk market and boy Tennessee
bonds rendered valueless by the
machinations of Wilson and his ring,
bad more valueless by companies to
hich they had been issued. Distin
guisbed lawyers advised these railroad
companies thst they must pay their
d bt in the Identical bonds that were
borrowed. The State might consent
to receive Brownlow's bonds, but the
railroad companies' liability to the
holders of the bonds transferred by
those companies would still subsist
If this opinion be valid, Tom Scott i-
still liable for more than four million
w ilson's ring extinguished, or at
tempted to pay its debt to the State
with Maney's and Mineral Home and
other bogus bonds. The attorneys on
Whose opinion In this behalf the Mem
phis and Charleston Railroad company
noted were George P. Beiine and
George Gordon, of Alabama. The
Mesr3. Cooper, of Nashville, then in
the State senate, concurred in opinion
With the lawyers above named, and
it wonld be well, since Tom
r-.-oit is able to pay as he is to
own States and legislatures, to
have the matter investigated. The
reasons here given for the non pay
ment of debts due the State were su
peradded to others. These western
r tads were not rebuilt by Sherman or
Burnslde, and all possible resources
were devoted to their reconstruction.
Now Mr. Wilson would force them
into the New York market. Within
a limited period State bonds would go
abdve the second mortgage bond- of
these W est Tennessee roads in value,
the companies will fail to pay, and be
WM to sell out to Tom Saott, who
wonld extend his empire from Bristol
to the Mississippi, at Memphis. Then
the Memphis and Charleston road
wouid never cross the mountains at
Sparta, and Tom Scott be forever u
preme master of the commercial and
political fortunes of Tennessee. Let
the legislature accept Wilson's policy
ana onng sr. ut these results, and it-
nain and history will become a hi
and 'y word, and intamons forever.
All
The New York Journal or Commerce,
of the nth instant, says the following
rail road transfers are reported:
"The Knozvllle and Kentucky Railroad
to W. B. Johnston ft Co representing the
lastm of the Western and Atlantic Ktll
Kosd and the Pennsylvania Centra!, lor
fif-iiODO The Cincinnati, Cumberland (lap
mrt Charleston Rail Road to the Ternee
tf, Virginia and Georgia Company, tor
$300 COO. The Nashville and Chattanooga
Rail Road Company purchased from the
Rsd Road Commissioners tbe Xsebv.lle
and Korth western Rail Road, leadingfrom
Maabrill to Hickman, Ky. The Penssel
-anta Centra Company have purchased
iu.OiXi shares in tbe r.ast Tennessee, ir
ilnta and Georgia Rail Boad, for the sum
ofil 000 000 being par value of tbe eui a
Will Mr. McGhee tell the iieople of
Eist Tennessee whether, in this neat
transaction, the little stockholders
were protected? If a ring secure a
bare majority of the stock in a rail
road company and sell it to conscience
less plunderers of cities and States,
these humble, honest shareholders can
never hope to realize a dollar. The
huge fellows, Tom Scotts and Wil
sons can always find reasons for ex
penditures, which absorb all the in
come, and the poor devils in East
Tennessee who put their money in the
gobbled railroads, are, like the State,
doce for forever. Won't Mr. McGhee
rise to explain."
The Chicago limes publishes a
lengthy communication purporting to
come from'a member'of the Societe
Internationale, in which it is confessed
that the conflagration which destroyed
ihat city was the work of that organi
.ition. We quote from it this ex
tract:
But the doom that was overhanging
tbe city was delayed but a day, and that
day came near proving fatal to our plans,
for then and only then were we in darger
r betrayal. George Francis Train, a
mean bat of the Societe Internationale,
.tott.red in Farweil Hall on the evening
or tbe fated Sunday. In tbe course of his
address bis manner changed for a moment
while be made use of thee words:
'This is the ua't public ADDbEss that
WILL BE DiLlvmi' WITHIN TUt.-K
walls! A tub iu: calamity is im
pi xo cvkb m env iv Chicsoi
Mori I can not bay mcke 1 daab hot
rrras:
It was well for him that be closed as be
did, for there were half a seers of hands
V rasping half a score c f pistols that would
bare checked any further utterance for
ever.
George should have told the whole
story and saved the town, even at the
rick of the pistols. George, if the
sliove be true, was a cowardly failure
in this Instance. But we know that
he is no such man. The above is
purely sensational.
(JOVERKol BROWS.
We wonld not be misunderstood
Tbe Appeal has never directly or in
directly aspersed the perfect integrity
of purpose, acta and character of Gov
ernor Brown. The atmosphere
Nashville is not that of the country
In Nashville one's sympathies are
eoiueiously perverted. Nashville gath
ers in and expends, while the country
pays the taxes. It Is not Governor
Brown, the man, that is changed
Is only a change of habitation, lie is
as honest and truthlul and earnest as
ever in devotion to Tennessee. He
only looks abroad through a new at
mosphere.
be found
tbe
of
O oue first page will
sketches of leading members of
Shelby County Agricultural Society
Wc gave those of the President and
Secretary last Snnday, week. Others
will follow. Sketches of our leading
citizens will hereafter be a feature of
the Sunday Appeal.
The Cleveland (Ohio) Herald says
truly that the world is full of men
who dare do dishonest things and face
honest mea in so doii thinking that
hereafter thfy can buy remission of
their sins with the veiy money their
dishonesty brings them.
Our merchant readers will find in
our commercial reports list of insolvent
and liquidating insurance companies
which will be found useful for future
reference.
OPSKMll.D TO HIGH TAXES.
Appeal has asserted that its
op -ition to a high rate of. taxation
id- with the approval ot a majority
o the people of the State, weighed
d i as they are with a tax burden
:s oppressive to the last degree
We propose to prove this, and to that
e:.J.shasw, in fast as they reach us,
copy articles upon the subject from
k 'What the Burner calls the "rural
f pre," which more nearly speaks the
.dments of the people than the
dallies of our cities. And, first to
band, we give the following from the
Brownsville Statu
-Governor John C Brown has fallen
into a very grave error In bis Inaugural
n.- stage to tbe legislature. The people of
tt.a State will rot and can not atanl an
Increase of taxation. He favored in M
messsge a tax of flfty oents on tbe bun
rd dollars, which the people of this
K ate will not and cannot pay. It is great
sr than tbe tax under Brownlow's ad
in! Listrstion, which was forty cents on
ths hundred; sod tbe people are not a lit
tit r u-.r ised to find s Governor e.ected
by Democrats adyoeatlr.g taxation more
i".mi and harder to bear than
that ot the Radical governo
Bat tbe fact that this increased
am ant ot taxation is for tbe
purpose of paying interest on the bonds
Issued under Brownlow's rule, will render
recommendation r Governor Brown
all ihe more distasteful to tbe people of
tbe State. They are chagrined and disap
pointed at the course be has seen fit t
pursue. It wsa not altogether expected.
Of -ourae the legislature will not sc: upa
bis re nmmendatlon, tor they are fresh
'n the people so a know their condition
sue wishes, snd ere well aware that they
neeu decreased rather tbsn incressed
tai We do not favor ropudlstion, but
we fsror tbe policy of making the greedy
t: i corrupt cormorants, who, when they
bought the bonds ol tbe Slate from tbe
'Irresponsible parties wbo sold them, were
swsre of the fact, snd gave a propor
t mate price, wait a Utile while before
y get their money.
We give Governor Brown credit for
'ut sty snd patriotism bat be bss, In
ihe first step of his at nilnietralion, fallen
I :ito a very grave and an popular error.
and has evidently been overreached by
a jmebody.
Next we have this from the Kipley
.Vfu-, nnder the beading:
"taxation Again." This sabjeet will
occupy s larger share of tbe sttentlcn of
tbe li-giela ure than any question that
will come before it; and there is nothing
'bat will cause more perplexity to tbe
-bers In their endeavore to do Justice
EsMjbea tbe taxpayers and tbe bondhold
ers. Tne gfeater portion of oar State
debt La been creeled by a eel o( men
wbo usurped piwer snd issued bonds
tenslt y for tbe purpcae of promoting
tbe asnoral welfare, bat really, to keep
those self-oanetltated legislators sad pub
I t plunderers in power; snd the parcbss
era of these bonds took them In fail view
Of itose Nets, and at an enormous dla-
ooli evluc ng to tbe world their doubts
aa to their belnr of binding foroe upon
.uande of people In tbe Bute wbo
j ice in their Issuance. We are
i- of paying principal and Interest
of a. v boad tbst baa been oreated for
.be advancement of tbe interest of oar
State snd people. Bat where bonds have
been frendBlaoUy leaned, snd pot npon
tbe market, It la a good legal max
im to practice earear emptor, let
tbe purchasers beware. Those wLo
were so eager to Invest In bonds,
aued under clnometaueee ot ao supi-
ous s character, and at enly forty to
afty cents In tbe dollar, can afford to wait
until tbe people somewhat recover from
Lhe ravages of the isle war. We are new I
paying a tax that is almost besvy enough
i crash ns, and can we bear any more?
ft (Am not. We are heavily bordeced
aritn tbe tax to meet tbe current expenses
f tbe State government. How th,n are
we to avoid higher taxes without ulti
mately repudiating part of tbe pul.
deotr With wise and prudent leg siat.ua
THE. MMIURA1IOX BKl'REll
The immigration scheme proposed
to be favored by the State legislature
was defined and approved by the
planters' convention that sat some
months ago in this city. It has since
been accepted very generally by the
press of the State, and will probably
be presented to the General Assembly
by Mr. Crew, of this county. The
support of the Allan line of steameis
depends upon the success of measures
which in&y defeat the machinations
of those whose interests are to be pro
moted by the action of theku kluv
committee. This body is an active
agent of potent Northern railroad
rings. Their purpose is to deter Eu
ropean immigrants from the South,
that the great corporation, managed
by Tom Scott, may sell western lands
with which the Union and Pacific
company was endowed by the r eu
eral government. How tar this Ten
nessee immigrants' aid association,
supported by the State, can give prof-
Itahstiui an to the Allan line of steamers
by giving it passengers, while opposed
by these potent railway rings that
reign in Washington and send smell
ing committees of congressmen
through the South, remains to be
seen.
Grant already sees that his policy
of coercion and suspension of the
habeas corpus in the Southern SI ates
won't do. His own partisans, amorg
them Governor Scott of South Caro
lina, are loudest In denunciation
of his conduct in that State. He will
have to "tote fairer," he thinks, hence
has given instructions to Attorney-
General Akerman, of Georgia, to in
augurate a new dodge for the South
in that State. The carpet-baggers are
to be kicked out and "Southern men
Curious Miotiksa in tdenti y.
Among the mysteries of the late
"truuk murder" in New York occurs
i that peculiar, but not unfamiliar one,
that the decease u ;.s f-worn to Dy so
manv different persons. From the
volumes of law reports, and from the
records of detectives' offices we might
compile page after page of fascinating
narrative upon this single theme, but
our limited space permits us to give
but a lew examples. Tnose thai we
note, however, will be found upon
examination to throw a shade even of
ridicule upon that sublime "reasoning
tnrougn consistency" upon, tnat un
erring" calculus of probabilities
through which Kepler arrived at the
laws of matter, Newton deduced their
formula, and without which we wonld
In' to-day almost as ignorant as in the
time when Moses called the moon Lhe
second in magnitude of the heavenly
lights, iror some interesting partit'u
lars. on the subject we are indebted
to Eugene Crapsey, who has made
the myeteriee of New York a specialty
in tjurnaustic writing.
In 1 -ol, Captain John Buckson,
master of a sailing ves-el, lived with
bis wife Nancy in a beautiful little
cottage in the village of Seckonk, near
Providence, Rhode island, tie wa
it man of spotles-i character, religious
almost to Puritanism, but also very
passionate, and that Nancy, being
I greatly younger than himself, and
very lair to iook upon, snouia nave
grown fretful and unruly, did not ado
much quietness to his temper. They
quarreled often, and late one evening
a neighbor parsing tbe cottage saw
through tbe open window the hus
band standing over the wife in a
threatening attitude, with a long
whip-cord in his oienched band, and
heard also an uncontrollable burst of
rage and many threat? of violence.
The next morning the cottage was
closed and deserted. This, however,
excited no attention, as John was
supposed to have left on a sailing trip,
and :vnney was accustomed to depart
frequently, without stnnouncpment
to visit relatives In a neighboring
town. But tnat afternoon a little dog
accompanying a picnic party in the
adjacent woods, pawed and howled
at a heap of sand, until the merry
party examined it and lound there
the corpse of Nancy Buckson.
The people of the town flocked
around the horror, recognizing the
deceased, her clothes and her jewelry.
She had been strangled with a cord,
and chloride ot lime had been sprink
led over her body to hasten decompo
sition. The cottage was starched,
and a whipcord was fonnd upon the
fl xr which fitted exactly to the mark
on the victim's neck; and in the eel
lar was a box of chloride oflime like
that scattered upon the body.
.Buckson was arrested, indicted,
and on the day of the tr al that would
have sent him to the gallons, Nancy
Buckson, alive and well, though cross
as ever, walked into the village, frexh
from a visit to distant relativts. The
mystery of the murder was never
solved. The articles of drees and
jewelry on the coipse were rccognizf-d
by Nancy as taken from the bureau in
her cottage.
One morning in 16t;l, a New Jersey
wharfnian complained to his "boss
that a barrel of pitch had been stolen
from the pier. The same morning the
.1 1. I., v 1- 1. lI
of known character and social posi.ion i VfJLLJ i 3
are to be put in nomination for State
offices, and are to succeed to the Fed
eral patronage as far as practicable."
This is the Dent-movement over again.
It won't win. No Southern mai of
character and influence in Georgia can
be seduced to the support of any
Grant-Republican policy or platform.
ths
bad
in It
The New Eigland States owe 38,-
lTu.Oub; tbe Western States, $37, 970,-
315; the Middle States, 81,132,007;
the Pacific States, iaW,ai;
the Southern States are blessed with
a debt of ?182 4 36,764 exceeding, by
the respectable amount of $20,000,000,
those ol all the other States of the
Union combined. If the city, county
and township debts for tbe whole
country were added to the above total,
it would reach nearly $1,000,000,000.
The people of the North and West,
with this exhibit before them, need
not wonder that the people of Tennes
see,
once well known to Cincinnati un
der another name it woman of
marvelous beauty of form and no
small charm of feature, but sensuous
as Lola Montez, and aa (mil of oharac
ter had suddenly and inexplicablv
left without paying her bill. The
next day there wej found floating ii
the North Itiver a barrel of pitch, and
tied to it by a rope around the waist
was t ne corpse oi a oeauttiui woman,
ciomeu oniy in a nigni dress ana a
pair of stockings. A gag fastened in
the mouth was the only mark of vio
uii I lence, but that was sufficient to evi
w nue
ucuir muiuci, lug :uiui ntuui OTUU-
derlul beauty such voluptous b?anty
as must have served for the model to
Titan's Venus. It was noticed, thongh
the stockings were almost too large
tor the foot. Upon one of tbe lower
limbs was the cicatrice oi an old
wound.
Tbe body was interred without rec
ognition, but the head preserved. A
few days alter, a gentleman intimate
ly acquainted with Ada Uicard recog
nized the face as hers beyond the
shadow of a doubt. The police then
Indeed of tbe whole South, are Interviewed her quati husband, Chas
clamorous for a low rate of taxation.
A MBit EB 11' VOI Pi I isf.
The age is corrupt, and there is but
one road to riches rob a state. Who
are the magnates of the land go,
ask who traflVk in stolen State bonds
Who are cowards and knaves? go in
quire who truckles, in legislative
bodies, to bondholder' rings Whose
names will be forever infamous read
the annals of modern legislation, and
italicise clauses .that are insep
arable rr .in the history of Wall
street's vi is nous practice I Who are
paragons of honesty and public virtue?
go, inquire among those that traf
Uck in stolen State bonds, and,
when surfeited, are clamorous lor the
malntainance of tbe State's honor
the omU7 wi:i mpiaiy recover an.! grosJ s w ver i aole Ul0 less under vhlla
r .,-erous, ana wo increase m wtaim
tie per oentam of taxation will be
uroaliy red Dead. U msy be unwise and
f t donbtfnl Justice fur ns to fasten a pub
lic debt npon neeterity, but it kspuens
-i ujss the history of s people that
I hit musf be done, or submit to almost
the ounflseetlon ot the whole properly of
iLe oonntry. Tbe comptroller makes the
ealdebt of tbe 8 tale about t,8lti,uGu.
us total debt of the Stale proper and
ntlncent according to bis report is
n; 22,Ml,0ei. The debt having eeu
isilBnatl to that amount by the esle of tbe
.ale's interest In tbe roads whose beads
i bad Indorsed, together with tbe bonds
u which tbe various oompsnjesbsve paid
Liaise!. The indebtedness will be still
i iir diminished by tbe sale of other
An intelligent Texas correspondent
writing us from Bray's Store, in
closes election news that was long ago
anticipated by telegraph. We are.
Bat will the people submit to lnoreas- J
taxation We will inquire into this qnts
tion In oar next
Till utility of the Allan line ol
steamers is often shown. Yesterduy
M.gjn. VaccaroA Co. received five
puncheons of Irish and Scotch whis
k s direct from Liverpool, and emi
grant passer gers came through at the
t of $ii. When the Men phis and
t'l iirltsiion road extends its line
throwfh Sparta to Bristol, giving
M mphls another route to the fiast
ana to Norfolk:, freight charges will
be still farther lessened, and direct
trade with Europe will be periuanent
lj and most profitably established,
i i.riurooasignnaeou arc en rot to
this dty by this line from Europe.
lam charges of detain uon against
v jiisotor Bobb, of Savannah, pet of
Indiana Morton's, have bean sua
taioerJ, and Bobb is to go. He can't
rvt, any more in Safe ah. How
k.ml of Grant thus to remove this
BoutMr after he has Med his pockets,
n is another illustration of tbe old
adage, lock Ue etabje," etc.
t 'ons to him, and hope be will con
tinue to favor us. Speaking of pro
visions, our friend says that corn is
selling at fifty cents per bushel in his
neighborhood, and pork is being en
gaged at five cents. Fine and fre
quent showers of rain, he also states,
afford good promise for the next wheat
crop.
The I'ieayune is after tbe large land
owners ot Louisiana with a sharp
stick. It says truly that the large
land owner who possesses more acres
than be can cultivate, and yet refuses
to sell, is singularly blind to his own
interests. He holds on to a barren
possession, while its disposal would
bring him money and its Improve
ment add no little to the valne ot that
he retains.''

The New Orleans Picayune says:
MA11 tbe lawyers ol San Antonio, Tex
as, have tendered their professional
services, free of charge, to the tax
ayers of Bexar county, lor the pur
pose of relievit g them, by all legiti
mate means, from tbe payment of
such taxes as may be deemed unlaw
ful." In Tsnnesse we rely upon tbe
legislature to prevent the possibility
of such an alternative.
The Washington correspondent
the Louisville Ledger telegraphs that
paper on Friday that it is expected
that tbe decision of tbe Supreme
Court in tbe legal tender act will
be forthcoming by Monday. The
opinion sustaining the constitutional
ity of the taw will fee delivered by
Justice Davis, and the dissenting
opinion by Chief Juttiee Chase.
i
An article from tbe graceful pen of
Mrs. Llde Meriwether will appear In
tbe next Soday Ajteax,
Uicard, cjiutiott-ly coacealine from
him her supposed death. He ffealy
entertd into a description of her bis
tory aud person, spoke with some
pride of her being obliged to wear
stockings too large for her foot in or
der to fit the well rounded limb, men
tioned the mark of an old wound and
its position, regretted the injury to
her beautiful teeth by the loss of one on
thelelt side,aud laughed at her having
worn ear-rings so heavy as to cut her
ears and necessitate a second piercing
very high up. The stockings, tht
wound, the lost tooth, and the marks
on the ears,- coincided exactly with
Ihe corpse. Uicard was then shown
the preserved head and fell back in
the utter horror of sudden recognition
The mystery was solved but only
for a day. ol a sudden Ada R'card,
beautilul as ever, returned lrom a
m: nth's wandering among the sol
diers at New Orleans. No further
discoveries have ever been made.
Our third and last case occurred in
the .i miner of 1 -tin, in Luzerne Val
ley, Pennsylvania. Mark Wilson and
Miss W aliace, a lovely girl of eighteen,
had been engaged for some months,
when she suddenly jilted him, and
without explanation forbade him to
enter her bouse. Wilson plunged
into dissipation, and rapidly lost nis
character, bis business, aud his small
means. He was frcqacntly hear I,
with lervered energy, to lay ruin al
her door, and to vow revenge with
most determined bitterness. Shortly
after he made preparations to leave
tor Europe, but, before doing so by
some means persuaded the girl to take
a drive with him. He gave out a
the livery stable that he was going to
an occasional picnic retort, In a wild
gorge among the neighboring bills.
Neither of them returned and two
days after the body of tbe girl, slabb d
to death with a pocket knife svorn to
as Wilson's, was found in the tcrbid
waters of a brook thtt threatened
"Picnic Gorge." She was buried, in
an agony of sorrow, by her loving
parenhs. and the day after the funeral
Mrs. Wilson, nee Miss Wallace, re
turned from New York with her new
ly wedded husband. Who was the
murdered girl, and how a knife like
that of Mark Wilson's came in her
heart, the most rinid investigation
i.i .i i
never ecu uuiscover,
0ie of ihe Romances of the Law
The Louisville Ledger tells this
story Beveral days ago our telegraphic
dispatches announced that the decree
of an Illinois conrt bad restored over
a million dollars worth of property to
General S. B. Bnckner and wife, of
this city. In all the collections oi
causes ctltbrc there are few S ten more
interesting or romantic than this one
few in which accident has more
providentially assisted legal acumen
and upright tribunals in doing justice
where all the technicalities ol law
seemed to conspire against it. At the
close of the war, General Buckner,
prevented by the farms of hut parole
from returning to this State, was in
New Orleins earning a support for
his family by writing for the Crescent
and other journals. His Kentucky
property, worth about $66,000, was In
possession of the Louisville and Nash
ville railroad company, which had
bought it when sold by the sheriff to
satisfy damages recovered by that cor
poration in a suit against the General
for Injuries done to the company's
property by the Confederate forces du
ring tbe war. His interest in the
great Kingsbury estate at Chicago
had been transferred by an absolute
deed to his brother in law, Henry
Kingsbury, and had passed by law to
a chUd of the latter, born alter the
lather had been killed at tbe battle oi
Antietam. All tbe property the Gen
eral ever owned seemed to be Irrecov
erably fixed in the possession of others,
and tbe technicalities which barred
recovery were reinforced by his own
position as an outlawed rebel, a pris
oner of war.
He consulted a friend, an able law
yer of this city, and the latter, with
the zeal of personal attachment, and
with great professional tact and skill.
set about unraveling the tangled web
which restrained General Buckner
from the enjoyment of his own. By
the latter part of 1868 the Louisville
and Nashville railroad was compelled
to restore the Kentucky property ;to
its owner, and account to him in full
for the back rents. The Kingsbury
claim was not so easily disposed of.
and though a decree has at last been
obtained, which restores about Sl.Ooo
00O worth of Chicago property, with
accrued rents to the amount of f75,-
000, It was the work of years, and re
quired much delicato and skillful
management. A brief history of the
case will not prove uninteresting
Msjor Kingsbury, of the United
States army, while on duty at Chi
cago, in the infancy of that city, had
purchased a large tract of land, which
the growth of the place has since en
hanced to the value of about lit 'iXI.000.
A few years before his death, finding
the care of his estate somewhat bur
densome to him, he prevailed upon
his son in-law. General liuckner, to
resign his commission in the army
and asbi't in tbe management of the
estate. In ISO" Msjor Kingsbury died,
and left all his property, undivided,
to his two children, Mrs. Buckner,
and a young sou, Henry Kingsbury.
As General Buckner spent most of his
time in Kentucky up to the outbreak
of the war, he had entrusted a great
part of the management ol the Chi
cago estate to his old army friruil.
General Burnside, and it was through
General Burnside;s intimate relations
with the family that much of the proof
bearing on the case has been made
available. For years before the war
General Buckner had tried to get his
wi'e's consent to some settlement
which would ux the property more
securely in her possession ana under
her control, so that her interests would
not enfier by anything that might
happen to him. Reasoning lite a fond
wife, she resisted any change that
wouid not increase his rights and con
trol, until he brought the probabilities
of the war to bear on the question,
and then, in 1861, she consented. A
deed was drawn up and signed by
both, iu which they, "in considera
tion of their natural ajfJection, and the
turther consideration of one dollar,"
conveyed aosoruteiy to her brother,
fcleny Kingsoury, an undivided inter
of one-balf in real estate worth
?2,OCO,000.
This was done without any unde
standing with Kingsbury, and the
deed had been recorded in Chicago for
two months belore he heard ol it. It
was not done with a view to entering
ne uonieaeraie service, tor uenerai
uucKner was at tnat time a peace
nan, a mediator, anu had declined a
position tenderei by the Confeder
ates. But the country was in the
whirlpool of civil war, a military man
c.;uld hardly hope to keep out of it.
and the General having every confi
dence in Kingsbury, relied on him to
care for his sister, whatever might
aappen to.her husband. Young Kings
bury, just out of West Poiut, met
General Buckner in Washington in
W,l, and was informed ol the deed.
Alter announcing the conveyance.
General Buckner merely said What
ever may happen to me, Ilenry, I
know you will take care of your sis
ter." Kingsbury replied that he cer
tainly would, and this was ail tbe un
derstanding or bargain that existed
between tbe parties.
After this General Buckner went
into the Confederate service and
Kingsbury became a colonel on Gen
eral Burnside's staff was married to
a grand-niece of General Zichary Tay
lor, and was killed at the battle of
Antietam, in 1862. While with the
army in Virginia, Kingsbury learn
ing that by the laws of that State an
autographic testament is vadd with
out the signature of witnesses, wrote
a will, in which be devised all oi his
property in Chicago to his wile, and
to his sister all the property he held
by deed from her and General Buck
ner. He named General Burnside as
executor of this will, and thus showed
very clearly that his intention was to
return to his sister tbe property which
had been hers, and which he still con
sidered hers.
This will was sent on to New York
without being probated in Yireiuia.
and left iu the hands of a surrogate.
tne Dirtn oia postnumo'is Child in val
idatexi the deise, and left the iustru
meut of no value except as a link in
ine cnain oi written evidence neces
sary to explain the deed recorded
Chicago. KiLgsbury had also written
a letter to his mother, in which he al-
uded to a conversation they had held
aoout the conveyance.
Upon thtse two written instruments
hung all the proof attainable against
tne recoraeu ueexi. ilenry .hangs
oury's widow had married stain. ar,d
the guardian of his pusthunuus child
stood upon every technicality that
could hold the property for his ward.
General uucaner's legal friend held
ihe case under advisement for several
years, while nshing lor testimony
irom every promising source. He
pent several months in Chicasm
3iuujing nit locai laws, me precedents
oi tne local courts and selecting a 1 .ca
i ractitiouer to taae cnarge of the suit
At last :he will was traced to its niar
of safe keeping, and personal efiects
belonging to Kingsbury were found
in Virginia, where the will was made
weneral Uurnside testified to the hand
writing, the will was probated in Vir
ginia, and thus became evidence in
Chicago. Kingsbury's letter made
ueposu on irom his mother, setting
(orth his statements to her. comnoienr
wiueiiceaa 10 tneansence ot any con
deration lor the conveyance. With
out going lurther into details, it is
only necessary to state that the suit
wss brought and managed In the
courts so that all the technical barrier-)
were Droxen down, the whole truth
una oare Deiore the court, and a de
cree obtained restoring their ondivid
ed moiety of the estate of ncnuni
Buckner and his wile, with back rents
(i proms to the amount of some $7
000.
The singularly affectionate regard
in which General Buckner is so gen
erally held by the ueonie of Kentiir-tv
and the South, has made this case oue
ot extraordinary interest and its for
tunate termination one of general re
joicing.
For the Bun da y Appui
LINES.
(SrBOn l Ltr l.Ssl XlllED T" M S II Li u
No, not "those wl eee ilka tne roe,"
But i nrelT sort at tbe nw- aid snow;
Add la their dtptus orhiz 1 1 ml re
Tiie 1 euutlrs u' a tweet a ,ui oiusler
Bright ueantlea none mty ever toll.
Though they may know her e'ar ao well.
Dlamoail beaatlM, only known
To those who gather 'rr uud the throne,
Nay. In her rare, trtntcendant worth,
Bbe la ty far too pure 'or ear h,
ABd angeiH bending from tba tales
Look ou her la swesttorp-Ue
Her hair In r'ob luxuriance sweet t.
Like visions brlgh or a fount "hat leaps,
Bnadlng a boa am that wouiu swell
With rapture that of a Ha jhasl
Rippling xraoe'ally 'lound e weltt
In symmetry seraph Ilka, and chaste.
The mouth is ahape likeCnpld'a bow,
From wulch love's accents genlly flow;
Those lute inns lips of ruddy hne
Hid I etn thtt (Utter Use th- dew.
Oh The ecstatic, maddening bliss
it would Impart one burning ktasf
Every feature doth. In fine.
In perfect onlty combine;
Lovely hands, exqntalta feet
All to beantl'nt all ao aweet
A soel above all, true and tender.
Illuminates the i.utward pleooor.
CHAKLR'1'IS vfKLK&KlD.
The following statistical statement
of tbe number of applications
for divorce, or ratr.er lor legal
separation, in France, is Interesting:
in lsua tne neuuons iur sauarauon
rose from 2990, which was the num
ber in tne previous year, to aooo. ui
these. xll cam J from the wile, and
only 440 fror the husband. Four
tenths of te whole number, that Is,
1290, ui.auaied troui the working
classes. 645 from lauded proprietors,
4t0 from peasants, and 46 from the
commercial classes. In 442 cases the
Judge succeeded in effecting a recon
cileation, In 282 the petition was re
jected. and in awr the decrae of sepa
ration was pronounced. Tbe reasons
given in support ot the petitions throw
light on the character of the lower
classes of French society. In 147 cases
the wife has been guilty of adultery;
in 66 tbe man had kept a concubine in
the same noose witn his wifj and fn
230 one of the parties had suffered a
degrading punishment, aud in
excesses, Insults, and ill-treatment
were the cause of separation.
On Friday, October 6th, a sad acci
dent occurred in the family of Mr
lMntei ueardsley, of the town of
auo?s, t eia ware county, New York.
During the absence ot tbe parents,
their three little boys, aged twelve,
ten ana eight years, went into the
wood House, which was only separated
from the kitchen, where older mem-
tiers ot the tamiiy were at work, by a
thin partition. They were soon m-
gage-u in me uveiy game oi "tie up
?heep," which consists of two chasing
one until he Is caught, then taking
L. i n a i e
uim tutu my wuuu iiouse anu tying
him up by the neck previous to hop
pling. The Bheep tied up is supposed
to become refractory, and lump and
spring about and buck the boys when
they come within his reach. The
oldest boy (Nark) was caught and
tied up by a am til wet leather string
faatent d to a stout nail. As he sprang
forwards to buck at the younger
brothers, the noose tightened around
hie neck, but would nut slacken his
terrible efforts to release himself were
taken by his brothers as iunny de
monstrationshis agony was laughed
at. He soon becair.e quiet, leaned
forward on the strong and was dead.
The habit shirt, which gained so
much popularity last summer, will be
etained through tbe winter, in bright
tlnnnels and black cashmere and silk
the black being gay ly embroidered
with colors. This waist is very pretty
lor morning or neglige wear, and bids
fair to be numbered with tbe favorites
Value of India to Ecgla'd
India comprises an area half as large
as all the states and territories of tbe
American Union, with a population
live times as large. That is its area
Is i,b00,0U0 square miles, and its pop
ulation nearly 200,000,000. Of tbl
vast area Mia.929 equate miles i
known as British India, and contain?
a population, according to the last iu
dia Blue Book, of 151,146,ol0 souls
Not belonging to British India, but
more or less under the control of the
British Government in India, are
number ot native (states, covering an
area ot u4h,i4i square miles, and con
taing 40.24-j.888 souls. This nonuia
tion embraces Europeans, Indo-K iro-
peans, Armeniaus, Jews, Greeks, Af
ricans, Asiatics, Chinese, 1'arsees,
Hindoos, and Mussulmen. More
than eighty languages are spoken be
rween Cane Comorin and the Hima
layas. In tbe North and down the
valley of the Ganges the Hindoo prop
er is found. They are tbe most nu
naerous, and were belore Mohammed
an occupation, the dominant race
Their languages Bengali, Hindi,
Hindustani, Georgeratia, Mahratti,
with several ol minor importance
are outgrowths fiom or rather the re
sults of the disintegration ot the clas
sic Sanskrit, spoken by the Hindoo
3000 years ago, and still the sacred
language of the Brahamins, the most
perlect, flexible and euphonious lan
guage which was ever spoken or writ
ten, t rom tne highly cultivated Hin
doo of the North to the d graded Ab
origines of the Nelgherrey hills every
phase, 'rom an advanced civilization
to the most degraded savagery, may
be found. Ftom her Indian possess
ions Great Britain derives no direct
revenue for the imperial treasury. All
the taxes, imports and cusUins duties
raised in India are spent in India and
for the benefit of India. The a -tuai
revenue for 1S69-70 was 52 942,482,
the actual expenditure 6,1S4,819,
the budget for 1S70-1 32,328.755 and
the estimated expenditure S5 226.
613 The value of Indis to Grest Brit
ain consists in its export and import
trade with the mother country. The
total imports by sea In the ilnanclal
years of 1869- 0 were 46 WjtBi, and
its total exports 53,ol5,727.
The tonnage or ail vessels entered
and cleared was 6,27l,5'0 tons. India
likeaise affords an cutlet for British
surplus capital. IVom the beginning
ot railway construction iu 1851 to 1870
8.0TO.000 had been expended on In
dian railways. More than 4W0 miles
are open to traffic, and nearly 2000
more in process ol construction. More
than I, 000,000 passengers were car
ried during the year. On the capital
invested in these rail ways the govern
ment guarantees five per cent, with
the right to purchase within a speci
fied time. Exclusive of state outlay
on guaranteed works, tbe govern
ment expanded 6,3Sn0S2 on pnblic
works in 1869-7 military buildings,
civil buildings, and public Improve
ments. In the same year 74,014 miles
of telegraphic communication were
open. Calcutta is now in communi
cation by rail and telegraph with
Bombay, and with Teshawur all ex
cept a few miles of railway uncom
pleted, and the system is so arranged
that all tbe available force of India
can be thrown on a threatened point
at the shortest possible notice. Da
ring the last year 83,032,975 letters and
newspapers were carried by the malls,
over 50,878 miles. This it Is which is
breaking down the system of caste in
India. It is interesting to read such
a book as the autobiography ot Lutlul
lah. himself a native oflndii, and a
Mohammedan, and find forcing its
way through prejudice of race and re
ligion the recognition of what Eng
land is doing for India. There are
24,274 schools and colleges, belonging
to, aided or maintained by the British
government tn India, at an expendi
ture of l,070,6a5. This is the great
dependency which England regards
outside of her heme dominions as the
brightest jewel in her crown. From
this she gets over 3,000,000 pounds of
tne cotton which she uses, of the value
oi 18 ik"J; 2,ai.'t' 883! worth ot in-
dieo, 2,121,398 worth of jute, and
2 078,250 worth of rice. Thithac her
capital flows; there her surplus papu
lation finds employment and wealth.
and nowhere on the face of the earth
is more even-handed justice adminis
tered between man aud man. Official
peculation and plunder are unknown.
The country has doubled in wealth
within twenty years. To the poor.
especially, has British occupation
been a blessing. Serfdom no longer
exists, oppressive taxes abolished, se
curity In life and property to tbe peas
ant and the noble, railways open,
eafety in travel, markets furnished,
famine averted by irrigation and
transportation of supplies. Tnis, too,
is the country which Russia covets as
much as the possession of the Golden
Horn. With a view to meet this not
improbable contingency, the system
of railways has been built and the
army maintained on a footing which
renders surprise impossible. A new
era has dawned upon tbe earth, high
er culture, a nobler religion, commer
cial enterprise, agricultural activity,
all material and civilizing influences
which make men better and happier.
The 0'Oett Fire Engine
There was sold in Wilmington,
North Carolina, on Thursday, a fire
engine which has a very interesting
history attached to it. This is proba
bly one of the oldest fire engines in
the United States, it having been built
in 1819. Major F. Janney, the popu
lar ageui or meer uinero express com
pany in Wilmington, informs t :e
-tar that he tormed one of the fire
company in Philadelphia, known as
me vigiianis, iui840 just thirty-one
years ago tnat manned this very en
gine, she having ever since retained
tnat name. During that year there
was a grand parade of the fire depart
ment of Philadelphia, on which occa
sion the company that manned the
igilant, which by the way. was ac
counted about the br)t and most
handsome engine in the line, mustered
S2R members. The Vigilant was
finally sold to the city of Charleston,
where it was In use a number of
years, and was then transferred to
llmington. rhe has certainly done
her share of service, but she is still in
good order, and iudsrintr from the wav
she worked when last used, the Star
is of the opinion that she la capable of
doing good service tor years to come.
very lime, it any, repairs are needed
to put her in good working order. She
wonld be a valuable prise to one of
the small towns where fires ar of fre
quent occurrence, but where the luxu
ry oi a nre engine is unknown.
Charleston Courier, 9th inst.
Life lad Sketches of Jthn Leech.
The events of Mr. Leech's lite msy
be summed up briefly. He was born
In London, August 29, 1817, and was
educated at Charter house school,
where he was a schoolfellow of Thack
eray. Leaving school he studied med
icine, until he made the discovery,
which every gifted man makes at
some time or other, that his specialty
was his destined profession. This
must have been early, for he publish
ed his first work In 135, when he was
eighteen, and at the same time was
contributing illustrations to a news
paper. His earliest subjects were
drawn irom London streets and com
prised social scenes and characters gro
tesque and odd. For some years he
bad to encounter up-hill work, labor
ing hard for small pay but his genius
asserted Itself as the years went on.
He drew better and observed better
as be grew older, and into all his pic
tures, however ill or well paid, he put
careful work.
In 1841 was published the first num
ber of Punch, and John Leech's con
nection with it dates from its begin
ning. His first pictnre t ecu pled a full
pagr, on the 7th of August. It was
full of humorous appreciation and
harmless satire, mingling truth with
caricature in a way peculiar to him
self, t rom that date he was tne leal
ing artist on the staff of that well
known journal, and constantly em
bellished its pages with products of
facile pencil and inexnaustible im imag
ination.
In private life Mr. Lech possessed
the ssme kindly spirit that pervades
his pictures. A thorough gentleman
hy nature, he was generous, affable
and hospitable, beloved by a largo
circle of friends, and the idol of his
family. During his last few years he
was subiect to tne nervous irritation
or an invalid, antt wasone ot tnenum
berless victims to the noisy nuisances
which make night m London a purga
tory to the afflicted. He worked on,
however, through all his pains and
agitations, and died suddenly October
2!, 1864. On the following t riday he
was borne by his friends and fellow-
workers to nis irrave in Kensal Green
cemetery, and laid by the side of his
old schoolmate inacKeray.
Li9ech seems to have been -entirely
bis own teacher. Bparig" this in
mind, his capacity for portraying
every subject and his accuracy of de
lineation are marveicus. it is not
known when he first began to draw
whether, like Thackeray, he was in
the habit of illustrating the grammars
and dictionaries of Chestertown, or
whether the pictorial instinct declared
itself later. It Is on record, however.
that while attending tbe medical lec
tures at Bartholomew's he was In the
habit of jotting down the heads and
figures ot his fellow-students. His pic
tures of earliest date have all tbe char-a'-tprifitics
of his later ones, and it is
difficult to realize that some of the
former are the production of a lad un
der nineteen. The drawing has the
reedom of an old hand. In the back
grounl are those apparently acciden
tal lit e by which he bronght an oh
j"Ct to the eyes as If by magic. These
yictures are full of a broader humor
than the artist relished at a later date,
but never onjnuing propriety in the
slightest degree.
It used to be said of Thackeray in
deed, Thackeray has been beard to
say it of himself that he could not
draw a beautiful female face. It might
be said of Leech that he cnuld not
draw a homely one. Certain It Is
that his female portratnres the girls
and young mothers, the wives and
sweethearts, of whatever class are
sum to be after the best type of fair
womanhood. They are, however,
slngu'arly English. Within the flfty
volumes of Punch that contain John
Leech's works there is not a single
classic face from his pencil. It is the
true, genuine English feature, the
English expression and look anil
smile, that his pencil produces.
The great number of Leech's works
and they must amount to several
thousand Is due mainly to his work
ing only with peccil and pen, with an
extraordinary readiness and facility
oi execution. Ilia pictures eruorace
almost every social subject. He drew
animals, too, the horse and dogespe
cially. as characteristically as the hu
man figure, and threw them oil with
toe same celerity.
But what is more to Leech's praise
even t han his consummate skill, is the
puritj' of his pancil. Ot course, as the
delineator ol life, he was obliged to
hold the mirror up to nature. But of
all his works there is not one the most
rigid purist would suppress. It is to
his honor that he has left lar behind
him fie Gilrays and Richardsons, the
Satyrs and Bacchantes, in all their
frantic grossness. If th9re were ever
an "Addison of art, it was John
Leech.
Prom Hsrper't Monthly 1
DOLORES.
B, AN Ml OBAMBKBM KBTCKCSI.
In hetn'T fairer fir
1 Into tbe illvlnnsi tl em of bin
wbo drew
Tbe stately Ku t i'!iu up toe blue
Btr fcetunm ,.n!. tn,nw bbe.
From tbs dual realm of night
Comes 'ortn the radiant morctnf, b nshing
Tbe cloud like liio-wmi from lier rosy track
Tbe nrtsttlf morktne bird
Wakens lhe iroaabs A w tb bis sarlybysrn
sibuowu me slopes, ana loroagn ins woou
aim,
Bw. et, holy sounds are beard.
Bsr gold-enameled bel'a
The tU as DDnnnla rings; 'mid dal'les while
Tbe slim pbahtrl fl tants his pennons bright
u er ail ins grassy swells.
The ben: )l 's breath divine
Hplc stb air: tbe la mine censer wiaa-
Amnng ibe IsrLt beide tbe darkling spring
iQBsiiuisa naatar.ions anins,
Tbe brown bees ;otne and gr;
Rls AhMrfnl Inn. Ih. Inn.lv .-l.r.l .1..,
While the q ,lck drsgun fir, on lightning
wins",
Drts Hashing to and fro.
Pomegranates, golden brown.
Drop delica's nectar through eti rifted
tana;
And gtiosily wltchee'-featber on the wind
Comes slowly riding down.
The gray cloadaslngt
Drowsily amid BV acacias feathery leaves;
ar'.un i her web Hie caterpillar wcarte
'tbs last white silken rings.
October alien tly
is pleasom work fulfills with biur canda
While, ohssilng him, floats o'er the shlnlDg
BSSBSBB
The murmur of tbe sea.
Deep 'n the sbady dell
The eownerJ. wntsilmi st his own I u ie will
Lists, with bsred bead, aa from tbe distant
BUI
Ring's out Bt Michael's bell.
irnlEK line.
alteit the auutb winds
Ca'llng. withwi
Matron aud maid
blow.
To climb the height, and pray for them that
BW
Down to the sa In ships.
The fishers In the boats.
Mendlua their nets wl.h murniuroua song
sd i noise.
Bton i u Men, as Dolores si'ver voice
irom tbe gray cli.pel rlmts.
Thev think how r.'sr tb hi v
Tfce sal-or bridegroom, from her white arms
torn,
Sailed in the hese and gold of Mtchaelmta
more
One year ago to-day.
Then. rockmzwUh th lid
They reckon np .be news of yesientfiW,
And c unt whit time to-day within aba hay
ine nomc-aounu inip may riue. w
TilBBIBllIll Mint n n'sht hoars.
Ot wuito salts com na ;'er the Inislss devs
At dawn this morniogfrom her strange, gid
Bhe rose to gather flowers.
Cups honeyed to the brim.
And trulls, and brilliant g.-asser, and the
-it:!.-
Of myrtles, with their waxen diadems.
.uciur unto nun.
Beside the crenel Doreh.
Tbe ulorla ended, lugerlrg now, ahelurna
10 look, sa on tbe brlgblenliig spire cross
UUI US
The morning's golden torch;
Tten i-ee. with sober si. e
Tbe swill prophetic sea-gaila flying aontb.
rar out neyona the landlocked haibj
moalb.
Into tbe open tea.
'Htea lv. llion freihnlne- h-er.s."
Ber da-k eyev ssy, as o'r ThesD,rkLu main
oim a,;i B'eaay, it,o j O' 1U Basin
Tt,e ablp froai dlatsn. ssaa;
4 go. ere his ffoMen Winn
Th s ttlng -na down the valley rcr.
msywatcu witi. me, osside the
umr.
The .u.umn dsy decline."
Obre ztOses-Mrds white'
Ye msy c jt oilnj; her from thai, rocky
lhe sttsn ;ed snip nor wieet the t.anipesi-
SBBSSBSi
From the black billow's might
But when she wearily
Shall orav lor com on. of tha. nnnntr, tll
Where al. the lost are crowned with sspho-
And there la no more se
SHR.1 iTfcMS.
Phantom Armies.
ri
J of
the colder season.
Stilt Anolh r Ca: c r Remedy.
A physician writes to the Newburv-
port Herald as follows:
"i nave mea tne 'cunderaneo' in
several cases of cancer. It is an effici
ent alterative, but in several cases I
entirely failed. I have tried tea in
fusions of the red cover tops in ten
cases of cancer, and have failed in
none. I will venture the assertion
that by means of this unpretentious
plant I will cure more cases of well-
seated deposits than 'cunderango,' or
any other remedy that is known to
tbe materia medica can efltet. I feel
that I cannot urge upon the public
too strong! v the wonderful remedial
alterative power of this plant, and
having been in the practice of medi
cine about forty years, it must be con
ceded, certainly, I have had seme ex
perience, r or all dermic diseases aud
u tan i ous a flections the rttl clover
tops are the most efficient remedy 1
ever have tried. I have cured some
fifteen cases 61 cancer that my brother
phystans had abandoned as incurable.
Let every farmer understand there is
nourishing in his fields a remedy
which is far superior to 'cunderango'
in its wondrous curative properties,
and that remedy is the red clover tops.
in my bands it has proved far more
powerful than 'cunderango,' for I
have had ample opportunity for tast
ing the latter in the oonntry of its
growth. To use the red clover all
that is necessary is to rentier a tea of
it, and drink freely through the day.
A piece of rag ought to be wet with
the tea and kept applied to tbe can
cerous sore, I assert tnat, as an alter
ative, tbe red clover tope cannot be
excelled by any remedy in our mate
ria medica; and I hope the people
will take heed and govern themselves
accordingly."
A folio of Apparitions and Wonders.
preserved in the British museum, re
cords that, at Durham, on the -Tth of
September, 17n3, when the evening
sky was serene and lull ot stars,
strange and prodigious light spread
over its northwestern quarter, as if
the stm itself was shining; then came
streamers which turned to armed
men ranked on horseback. J. id
monson, the writer of the broadsheet,
adds: "it was thought they would
see th? apparition better ia Scotland,
because ittappearea a great way nortn.'
"The same,'' he continues gravely,
"was seen in the latter end of March,
1704," and tbe battle oi Hochatadt
followed it. This must refer to the
second battle fought there, which we
call Blenheim, when Marshal Tallard
was defeated and taken prisoner by
Maryborough. But this wonderful
light which turned to armed men at
Durham was outdone by a mvel at
Churchill, Oxfordshire, where (in tbe
same collection) we tiad that, on the
iHh of January, 1705, four suns were
all visible in the air at ones, "sent for
signs unto mankind," adds the pub
lisher. Mr. Tookey of St. Christopher's
court, and having their significations
of the Lord, hke the baud writing
unto his servant Daniel."
Iu 1714, a man named D. Stricket,
when servant to Mr. Lancaster, oi
Blakehills. saw, one evening about
seven o'clock, a troop of horse riding
leisurely along oouter iell iu Cumber
land. There were in close ranks, and
ere long quickened their pace, as
thH man had Deen snarpiy riaicuiea
as the solitary beholder of a spectre
horseman in the same place in tbe
preceding year, he watchtd these
strang e troopers for some time ere he
summoned nis master from the house
to 1oo.e too. But ere Stricket spoke oi
what was to be seen, "Mr. Lancaster
discovered tbe aerial troopers," whose
appearance was as plainly visible to
him as to bis servant. "These vision
ary horsemen seemed to come from
the lowest part ol Bouter Fell, and be
came visible at a place named Knott;
they moved in successive troops (or
squadrons) along the side of the Fell
till they came opposite to Blakehills,
where they went over the mountain.
They thus described a kind of curvili
near iath, their first and last appear
ances being bounded by tbe moun
tain." They were two hours in sight
and "i his phenomenon was seen by
every Hereon (twenty -six in number)
in every cottage wiiuiu uie uiautBoe
of a mile," according to tbe statement
attested before a magistrate by JLan-
caster and istrieKet, on the list oi July
1745.
During the middle oi the last cen
tury, u toil-keeper in Perthshire affim-
ed on oath, Deiore certain justices oi
the neace. that an enure regimen
nassed through bis toll-gate at mid
nifiht: but as no such force had lelt
any town in the neighborhood, or ar
rived ut anv other, or. In fact, were
ever sten anywhere but at his panic
ular tnrupikf, the wnoie story was
naturally treated as a delusion though
the Highlanders sougni in some way
to couaect the vision with the unquiet
spirits of those who fought at Cullo
den, for there the peasantry aver,
that "in the soft twilight ol the sum
mer evening, solitary wayfarers, when
nsMinr near the burial mounds, have
suddenly found themselves amid the
smoke and the hurly-burly of a battle,
and cculd recognise the various clans
engagt d by their tartana anu oaugee.
On those occasions, a certain Laird oi
Culdulhli was always seen amid tbe
fray on a white horse, and the people
Delievo mat once again .nau uattie
will bt fought there by the clans; but
with whom, or about wnai, no seer
has ventured to predict"
Shadowy figures ol armed men were
seen in. Stockton "oreet, tomsnire,
Erior 63 tbe war with France, as the
eeds Mercury and local prints re
cord; i.nd so lately as leU, much cu
riosity and no small ridicule were ex
cited by the alleged appearance oi a
uhautoin army iu the vicinity of hard
working, prosaic Leeds, aud all the
newspapers and magazines of the
time abow how much the story amus
ed the skeptical and occupied tbe at
ttntioii ol the waentittc.
The Episcopal convention has taken
action upon the ground of the Cheney
controversy, aud adversely to the
claims of that persistent minister. In
stead of grantiug hu al'ernate ph.ase.
they solve the difficulty by declarins
as their c victton that the word "re
generate," as it occurs in the service
for the baptism of infants, "is not so
used as to determine that a moral
change in the subject of baptism is
wrought in the sacrement."
The new 'St neck-tie of tie period is
a straight band, with a rosette and
short fringed ends of some pale or
br ght-tinted ribbon. This neck tie,
with the "clerical" collar thai: has just
beer, introduced for laity use, will
make a charming finish tor the high
throated dresses which are again being
revived. Bare throats in a few more
weeks will be at a discount. Ladies
have lound by bitter experience that
in this climate at least the good old
lashion is the best.
Here is a good one on the "tatur
bu.'s." Three men were comparing
notes. One say9, "there is two bugs
to every stalk." A second one says,
"They nave t ut down my early crop,
and are sitting on the fence waiting
for the late crop to come up." "Pshaw,"
said the third, "You don't know any
thing about it. I passed a seed store
the other day, and the bugs were in
there looking over the books to see
many and If we may credit the report
of newspapers friendly to Judaism,
influential moneyed men of tbe old
imperial capital the headquarters of
G. man Jews, have given It their
substantial suoport The originators
endeavor to prove that the undertak
ing is by bo meanss Impracticable as
it at first sight seems, and remind
their le I low-creed mea that it le what
they pray for If they pray at all
three or four times every day viz: In
the "Shemoneh Esroch,'' In their
noon and evening, and, In i ct. in
every prayer sanctioned by their law.
Moreover, they interpret the Bible
pasBKge, "Return to me and I will re
turn to you," as meaning literally
that, cn the jews returning to Jerusa
lem, the Lord, and with Him power
and prosperity, will return to them.
The Chicago fire has demonstrated
the mistake, now-ao general, of con
structing bank vaults, and vaults In
citing iron safes intended to protect
valuables, money and papers from tire,
inside the main waits of buildings,
where, in case of fire, they are certain
to be surrounded by flame and heat.
The safe place for a vault to outside
tbe wsll of tbe building to which it
belongs, either under the sidewalk
and street, in front, or under a vacant
space in the rear, where it will be sur
rounded with dirt on top, bottom and
three of tne sides, and protected, on
tbe side of the building, by a separate
wall of its own, outside the founda
tion wall of the building, the entrance
to be guarded by double iron doors,
with an air r-pico between them, such
a vault is really lire proof. In case of
fire it may be ston tl full of valuable
goods from tbe building. Tbe falling
walls and debris will only help pro
tect it; whereas a vault under a build
ing may make destruction surer by
inviting the deposit of books and val
uables with a false promise of security,
only to restore them in tbe form of
ashes.
The gardens of Holland are noted
for their exquisite beauty. Bummer-
houses wreathed in vines and bloom
ing with flowers are scattered at in
tervals over the grounds. Tne sheen
of their brilliant iris at a distance is
like a flash of gold, or vivid aa the
fiery glare of tbe sun. No matter how
small may be the plat of ground, it ia
sure to be converted into flower par
terres and fanciful designs replete with
beauty and elegance. Borne quaint
name like "The Abode of Love" or
"Heart's Best," denote tbe influence
aid efltet of these little garden patch
es of the Hollanders. Heated in the
shade of clustering vines, lolling in
his Dower of roses, the owner idles the
summer hours away, drinking in
sweet drafts of perfume laden atr, or
letting fancy trio golden footed
throngh the flowery maze. How
ew 3uch p'aces are here In our land of
flowers. Vet every homestead could
be made like unto them. The Persian
violet and the pure acacia glow in our
warm sunshine, and tne roses and tne
magnolia are native to Hiutnern soil.
Not even the gardens of Qui could be
more beautilul than oars, while the
lawns could be redolent with perfumes
sweeter tnan tnoee or Aran v.
The editor of the Milwaukee Senti
nel, in "A Few Notes on a Vrsft to
'aliforma,1' says: "I speak what 1
have deliberately considered, when 1
say that the great mining interests
the real wealth ol the western States
and territories, as immense as It has
been estimated, lies untouched and
unexplored to this day. Every day
new mines are Deing discovered in
localities that are supposed to be bar
ren of the precious metals, and every
day some new or less expensive me
thod ot extracting them to being found
out. Bince the completion of the Pa-
c He railroad, quartz milb can be ta
ken to localities that were inaccessl
ble before, and the same great thor-
oughfsr-t is carrying coal tor steam
mills into destitute mining regions at
a reasonable eost. There are millions
on mi-lions of gold dust that lies near
the earth's surface in California, and
other gold producing States, which
cannot be had for tbe lack of water.
but will sion be obtained by associat
ed effort turning the mountain streams
to thoir legitimate usee. So far the
individual miner has paddled his own
canoe, washed his own dirt, and dug
bis own ditches; but in the mining
operations of the future, skill, expe
rience, capital, and business capacity
are to aid in robbing the earth of its
long hidden treasure.
who bad purchased seed potatoes.1
An influential combination of South
ern, Northern and English gentlemen
have leoently formed an association
called the "National Virginia Settle
ment itssoclation," fur the purpose oi
promoting emigration from the North
and West and from Great Britain to
the Sta te of Virginia. The Rev. Thos.
W, Greer, tbe well-known Baptist
clergyman, is president of this asso
ciation, sxd Mr. J. A. H. St. Andrew
M. A., of England, and other gentle
men, lice presidents.
A New Ham p-hire paper says: We
have referred before to the case of
small-pox that is at once the pride and
fear otSunccck, and are now told of
an incident connected with it tending
to show that the professions ot men
are not so hollow as they are some
times said to be. The patient suffer
ing from the cheenul disease allnded
to was nursed by her sister, who has
"a young man." This individual
seems to have been mightily stirred
up by the proximity of his beloved to
the pestilence. Accordingly on the
1st, "by the moonbeam's misty Iiirht,"
he came in a close carriage and toted
her ofl, regardless of the consequences
he might incur, and is now guarding
the adored one in some sate and more
secluded spot. Such devotion is be
yond question, and ought to find ap
preciation with the damsel.
Australia is a convenient region of
rjmance, being too distant for close
investigation by the skeptical. For
example: Au tuglish nubleman falls
in love with his mother s pretty maid.
a sort of Btcky Sharp. She avoids
her nobie lover and complains that
she is "persecuted." So milord takes
a year's trip in Europe, becomes love
sick as welt as sea sick crossing the
channel, and writes her an offer of
marriage. She doubts; he swears
fidelity, and marries her privately. A
daughter is born, the mother dies and
the lather weds again. Twenty five
years elapse; tne girl tails in love with
oue who has the misfortune to kill hi-
superior and is transported. Bhe fol
lows him to Botany Bay. Iuau "un
lortuiiate affair" her lover loses hu
lile, aud nis disconsolate lady-love
oecomes a handmaiden in the house
of a poor settler. Her father was
childless a persevering solicitor seeks
the daughter so long disowned, and
she becomes Lady Elizabeth Morton,
with $2O0,CO0 a year.
A writer in the London Standard
describes a "most sueesefnl mode of
drugging in use over tne American
continent, which produces loss of
strength and torpor, and which, in
tbe case of death resulting, defies the
meat acute medic il analysis He was
himself once a victim of this drug
ging. He drank one mouthful of so
called brandy, and in ten minutes af
ter he became giddy, lost the use of
his limbs, and then consciousness, and
did not recover tor soma seven hours
sufficiently to enable him to walk. He
subsequently got acquainted with a
man who bad nen employed at a
Nw York vault to enact the part of a
drugger, and this respectable and no
doubt reliable individual explained
the drugging process. Part of a bot
tle of any liquid Is decanted and the
space filled up by tobacco smoke, ex
pelled from a clay pipe, well lmpreg
uated with nicotine. The bottle is
then well shaken and filled up again
with the portion before taken out. It
is then left to stand for a week or so;
but if left standing before use for a
fortnight death will ne the result ot
drinking.
Having discovered an army register
for tbe year 1800, a glance through it
attracted notice to some names which
subsequently became famous: Win-
ntld Scott became captain of light ar
tillery in 1806. Einiund P. Gaines.
captain of 2d regiment of infantry.
1808. Thomas S. Jeasup, lieutenant
7th infantry, 1808. He was quite a
prominent actor in th Seminole war
of 1837, and was afterwards quartermaster-general.
Duff Green, well
known to Washington politicians of a
past generation, was second lieuten
ant of 7 th infantry, December 12,1808,
but resigned on tbe 6th of October,
1809. lie was a veteran editor in his
day. William Gates, who command
ed Fort Lafayette during tbe "late
unpleasantness," was a first lieutenant
of artillery in November. 1S07. Georm
Gibson, for a long! time commissary
general, was a captain of infantry in
1808. Zichary Taylor, subseoaentlv
President of the United States, and
hero of Buena Vista, was a captain of
infantry November 36 1810. William
Duane, famous as editor of the Aurora,
was lieutenant-colonel of riflt-men.
July, 1818, but resigned July 31. ism
Washington Chronicle, October lt.
An auiDiuoas urn ect has iuvn
formed by a small lot of rabbis at
Frankfort to lead tbe scattered chil
riren ot Israel back to Palestine, and
to etabilsh a Jewish kingdom there
once more, invitations
Am rica and Rmi
Alexis Roman iff, representative o
the great empire of Russia, whose ap
proach has bien heralded from time to
time, will reach our shores in a day or
o. tic is neiiner tne sovereign nor
the heir apparent of that vast empire,
out, representing as he does tne majes
ty ot Russia, will receive a welcome
worthy of the great republic to which
he comes and of the dynasty which he
represents. Partly to gratify the
young prince, whose majority was at
tained on tbe 14th of January of this
year, and partly in compliment to tbs
i'uittd States whose iriendshlp tbe
imperial family of Russia has always
endeavored sedulously to cultivate,
this visit is made. It is true that the
United States and Russia have little in
common. Differing as they do In
race, language, religion, civil and po
litical institutions, and in all the ele
ments of national character, It is diffi
cult to see what could thus attract tbe
Romanoffs to us or us to them. And
yet tbe fact remains that with no Eu
ropean power havi our relatione been
mure cordial and less disturbed. It is
perhaps because we have had less to
do with Russia than with Great Brit
ain, Prance, Germany, Spavin, Italy,
or Denmark. No conflicting interests
have brought us Into collision: no
vexed questions in diplomacy have
taxed the thought or strained the
temper of either. Etch, with its
broad domain of millions of square
miles, the one tbe representative of
"manifest destiny," annexation and
absorption on tbe western continent,
and the other representing tbe same
aspirations and struggling for a like
hegemony in tbe eastern world, they
respect each other lor what they axe
and lor tbe far-reaching possi bill ties in
th i future of e tch.
The United States has grown as no
power in ancient or modern timee has
grown, and prospered as no nation in
the annals ol time has prospered. An
unknown and undiscovered wilder
ness in the days when Rurik, Oieg,
Igor and Sviatoslal we e at the head
of a kingdom whicn crushed tbe Kbo
zir and the Petcheneg, carried fire
aud sword to the gates of Constanti
nople, ano ancnorea tneir galleys tn
the Golden Horn, it now embraces an
area oi 3,iw,iw square miles, and a
population of 40,000,000, a power in
vulnerable by any on earth, or by any
combination on earth, and tor offense
equal to any. Russia, long excluded
by virtue ot her semi-barbaric charac
ter from the pact of European natsOwa,
and only able to make her Inflow
felt in European politics since the time
of Peter the Great, has now, by vfrtne
of her devotion to one idea and the
steadiness with which she has pur
sued it, risen to tbe dignity of a power
oi ins nrsi magnitude, invulnerable
by any other power, and drendinsr
only a coalition ot bar neighbors.
Reaching from -tne froaen sea to tbe
Euxine, from the Artie ocean to the
Oxus and Jaxastes,and from the Gall
of Finland to the Kamtchatka, and
comprehending within her boundaries
,000,000 square miles and 70.000.000
oi souls, she bids fair to become in tu-
nr" ears thu ne great pow.-r of tne
Oawtern continent. Their vast eilwil.
their comparative ignorance of each
other, tht ir distance and hitherto re
ciprocal isolation constitute the
grouud ot their mutual respect and
esteem, t nis is no reason why they
should know each other less, bat
rather the contrary.
Another reason, perhaps, for their
mutual esteem is to ne fouml in the
fact that Russia to tbe great repre
sentative oi aosoiuusm. in tne east.
and, though the dominant party of
our leueration wouiu oe stow to admit
it, tne united states in tbe west.
Whatever else Russia may tolerate
and condone, she allows no heeskuii
ol expression or action hostile to cen
tralization within her borders. Dis-
anecuon, revolution, reoeulOB, are
crushed with an iron hand. However
the dominant party of our own coun
try may sympathise with Mpllalisssl
for freedom and independent etoe-
wnere, tne rreeoom ot tne States and
sectional discontent are tnenUessiy
repressed. The United States en
deared herself to the eastern autocrat
by crushing the rebellion in tbe south
ern States, regardless of tbe means
employed. These, we believe, are tbe
main causes which draw these two
great nations into a real or simulated
friendship. We hope a better ac
quaintance, founded upon lust and
honorable principles, may cause them
to iiKe eacn other still
the
seems
than an honorable rivalry may actu
ate mein tnat tney may oc
in tne interests of civilisation
elevation of our ootwaeai
and that no unforeseen contingency
may ever require them to measure
arms upon like battleaeld or come
into collision on the sea.
Alexis Romanotf is tbe third so of
the reigning Emperor, Alexander II,
and was born January 2, O. 3 I860.
Thero are two Grand Dukes older thtj
May 1H, 1868, and presumptive heir to
the throne. There is, then, little pro
bability of the succession ever falling
to our imperial visitor. Tbe Roman-fl-
descend in tbe female line from
M chael Romanoff, who was eleeted
Czar in mi, after the extinction of the
male line of tbe house of Rurik. a
Scandinavian Viking, who founded
the Russian Empire in 862 A D two
wniuries and more before the Norman
conquest ef England. The house to
sad to derive its descent from a LIthu
olun Prince of the lonrth century. A
descendant of this Prince Andre
Kabyia migrated to Russia in the
fourteenth century, and entered the
service of the Grand Duke of Moscow.
The descendants of Kabyia became
Boynards early in the fifteenth centu
ry, their territories lying In the gov
ern anent of Vladimir, one of the prov
inces of Central Kus la. Roman
Jurievitcb, the fifth in descent from
Andrew, died in 1643, leaving a son
and daughter, the latter of whom be
came by marriage, Czarina of Ivan,
the Terrible. The former, NHcita
Romanovttch, married the princess ot
Basis I, it untitled from a brother of
St. Alexander Nev-ky, and a direct
descendant of Rurik.
In the civil broils consequent upon
tbe seizure of the enwn by a usurper
known as the false Dmitri Feodor Phi
larete, son ot Nikita, supported the
party which ottered tbe crown to the
Prince of Poland, and was deputed for
that purpose by the Russians. A pa
triotic reaction put a stop to tbe nego
tiations in progress, and the unlucky
envoy, priest though he was, was
thrown into prison by the disappoint
ed Poles. An election was held, and
the choice fell upon K I kail Feodoro
y Iteh Romanoff, son ot the Imprisoned
envoy, as the nearest representative of
the royal house of Rurik. This prince,
the first of the house of Romanoff,
reigned from 1618 to 1648, and was
succeeded by his son, Alex! Mikailc
vitch, an able prince, who reigned till
1(176. Alexei left three sons, Feodor.
Ivan and Peter, the last by his second
wife, Feodor reigned from 1676 to
1682, and dying, left his throne to his
half brother Peter, passing over his
imbecile b' other Ivan. Peter, af
terward surnamed tbe Great, did
not succeed in making good bis
claim till seven years later. Peter
reigned from 1689 till 1725, and was
succeeded by his second wife, Cathe
rine I, daughter of a Li vonian peasant.
The life of Peter the Great to perhaps
better known to English readers of
history than that of any sovereign of
Rissla. Catherine reigned two years
and left the throne to her step grand
son, Peter II, son of Alexia, and grand
son ol Peter I, with wh im terminated
by his first wife in 1730 the male line of
the house of Romanoff.
The succession then reverted to the
daughters of Ivan, tbe imbecile half
brother ol Peter I. Anna reigned
from 1730 to 1740 I van ITI. her grand
nephew, succeeded from 1740 to 1741
when a rev Intion drove him from the
throne, and Elizabeth, daughter of
Peter the Great and Catherine, suc
ceeded from 1741 to 1762. Anna, tne
elder sister of Ellzabetnhad married
Karl Frederics. Duke of Ho'stein-
GoUorp, and their son Peter III, first
ol tne line oi Uolstein-uottorp Ho
manoff, the present dyns sty, succeeded
to the throne. His wife, Sophia Au
gusta, of Anbalt Z -bt, procured tbe
a-sassiDatioa of her husband in the
first year ot his reign, and ascended
the throne sHhe famous, or rather in
famous, Catherine IL Catherine
reigned till 1796, and transmitted the
succession to her son Pul, who was
also assassinated in 1804. His son,
Ah zander I, ascended tbe throne in
reigned till 1823, and was soc
ceeded by the lato Emperor Nicholas,
Wh o reigned till MK
The princes of the house of Hol-
stein-Goiiorp have constantly Inter
married with Uermrn princesses.
and have thus gradually become
completely Teutonic.
-So dynasty in Kurope has been and
Is so completely and irresponsibly
absolute as the house of Romanoff.
The whole power, legislative, execu
tive and judicial, is vested in the Em
peror alone, whose will is law. By a
decree ol the Emperor Paul (1797), the
succession to the throne proceeds in
the maie line, and according to the
law of primogeniture. A decree of
Peter the Great requires that every
sovereign of Russia, bis wife and chil
dren, shall be members of tbe Ortho
dox Greet Church. The princes and
prince-ses of tbe imperial family mint.
according to a decree of Alexander I,
obtain the consent of the reigning em
peror to any proposed marriage, other
wise the issue of such marriage are ex
cluded rrom trie tnrone.
The administration of the empire fa
intrusted to four great boards. The
first of these is the Council of tbe
Empire, established by Alexander I.,
in 1610, and consists of a president
and an Indefinite number of members
appointed by the emperor. In 1860
this council contained forty-two mem
bers, and was subdivided into three
departments, viz: Legislative, civil
administration and finance. Etch de
partment has a president and a sphere
of duties corresponding to thedeslg
nations above given The second
board is the Prawitetstwuiuschtschi
Senat, or directing Senate, establi-hsd
oy refer the Great in 1711. Its fune
tibns are partly deli berative and partly
executive. It to the High Conrt of
Justice, controlling all the inferior tri
huoals. It Is divided Into eight com
munities or sections, Ave of which sit
at St. Jfetersburg and three at Mos
cow. The third board to the Holy
Synod, established by Peter the Great
in 1721, which has supervision of the
religions amirs of the empire. All Its
decisions are null till approved by the
emperor, it is composed of tne chiaf
ecclesiastical dignitaries of the em
pire, and to presided over by the Me
tropolitan of Novgorod. The fourth
board to the Council of Ministers, and
to divided into eleven departments
corresponding to our cabinet, with
certain additions peculiar to the Rus
sian empire.
It will thus be seen that a constitu
tional freedom and representative gov
ernment is unknown in Russia. All
authority centers in tbe Czar. The
extent and character of this authority
can best be understood by an exam
ple. By an imperial ukase, issued
March 3, 1861. 44 225,075 serfs were
freed bv a stroke of the imperial pen,
22,000,000 of whom were private prop
erty, owned by li9.;ll0 nobles and
other persons, and tne remainder the
property ol the crown.
Tbe civil list to larger than that of
any royal family in Europe, the sum
total of the income of the Imperial
family amounting to over 912,000 OM,
making, after all deductions axe made
for chanties, schools and theaters, a
net civil list five times larger than
that of Great Britain, lately the object
of so much animadversion bv Beans:
Odger and Bradiangh. LouisvUle
unger.
Sa a of EagsRie Personal tffi.t..
Paris (October 7) Corr -sponden of the
London Daily News,
In passing by the new galleries of
the Louvre, facing the quay, I heard
the tinkle of a belt, and the voice of a
cr er inviting the public to come inand
ay what remained to be sold o the
13m press Eig nle personal effects
Accepting the invitation, 1 en
tered tne little court, standing in the
midst ot the imperial s'ahles Anoth
er bell-ri ger e as at the door ut the
mm.aije -there M. Bu h n a-ed to give
tne Prince imperial riding lessen-. It
to a long vaulted chamber, with a
sanded fljor. Its even temperature
was the reason why Ic was cbos-n for
the equeairlaa practice of tbe boy
whom prefeca were bound to desig
nate at pub 1c banquets ''the hope of
France." r hough all the steeds have
long since disappeared from tbe Lou
vre stables, a taint rmeil of h- rse
11 tier floated through tbe air. The
manage was last u-d by Jute Ferry
and R swChefort,who ere sceit-totued
to take riding lessons In It duri- g tbe
siege. But on the occasion to which
I particularly refer, it was occupied
by old clothes sellers of both rexes,
cariosity dealers, a tew friends ot the
'alien dynasty, whose faces I had
often seen grouped around, tbe throne
of the Salle des E ats, som 1 rty,
students, a reporter of the Gauiois,
attracted, like myself, by the noise of
the bell, and a sprinkling of thus, an
tiquated gentlemen in white gaiters
wno pass their lives In hi iveriog about
tbe book stands on the parapet ot the
Quav Voltaire, and crossing and re
crossing the Ponts des Arts. Th j auc
tioneer was a self sufficient sort of
common-place bourgeois. He did his
best to be jocular at the expense of
fallen greatness. In liquidating the
tbe imperial effects he was assLsted by
an old clerk, two men wearing thread
bare imperial liveries, and a strong
voiced valuer, who, contrary to the
traditions of Paris auctioneers, puff d
the wares he wanted to vend. To
some he attempted to give a historical
value. Eeh article, be seemed to
think, wss worth its weight in gold,
if only as a relic. The dresses, lces,
shawls and mantles had been d'sp-eed
of on a previous dav, and It was now
the turn of tbe underclothing and
"intimate house linen" to be liqui
dated. Pillow cases of fine cambric
so fine that one wonders how they
supported the elaborate embroideries
and deep, real lace borders were
notry contested for by a "petite dame.
a shabby Jew of the Rue d-s Victoires
and a party of buyers belonging, I
should say, to the Qisrier Breda.
The little lady carried off a dozen. It
"poses" one, she cried tittering as she
apoke, to press the pillow on which
an imperial head reposed. The cy
pher E happened to stand for her
name, which she volunteered to tell
one ot the old friends ot I he follen dy
nasty was Euislie. As for the crown
under it, tna fox, she was j x-t as wor
thy to wear it as any one else. The
old friend was not loth to cultivate
the acqaintence of th sparkling fair
one. tie assented to thui proposition,
and volunteered to bold a pilio case
which Lhe auctioneer had alio el her
v taae. The toweling s endless.
Bundle after bundle ol tone Sx -ny da
mark napkins, all with tn E, tbe
crown, the eagle, the busy Carioving
ian bee, and a profusion ol laurel
wreaths, were handed round the vault
ed rooms to be examined by tbe bid
ders, and than disposed i Some
breakfast table nsoery, the pro-en t of
a King, now Enperor V"iil;am's
first feudatory, was b ught bv one of
'he former habxtues ot the Salle des
Etats. He got it cheap. O e of the
old gentlemen, who hapi-n. d to "be
deaf, was furious when he f und ihaC
he might hare bad the lot a-130 trancs.
I do not know why tbe br kers and
studen's were so j cote heu an inside
garment was held up b two dainty
little sleeves, and the pubi c a ked to
examine it it as a fair specimen of the
large bale from when it was drawn
at hazard. American modesty cannot
bring itself to name this garment any
more than it can to speak of a shirt.
If Paul de Cassagnac were as good as
bis oit-reneated oath, he would have
run his sword cane through the pro
fane auctioneer's showman who held
the article in question np to be scuff. d
at by the males and admired by the
women. There wers peigniort and
dressing gowns clearly urnished by
Chapon, the famous lad es' outfitter
in the Raede fa Paix, and all wonder
fully elegant, but danty and some
what blue-moulded. Tbe stocking)
of thread, silk and Suetland wool,
were ot gossamer lighmess.
An infinity of ba'h and toilet
sponges were knock d down at a
hundred francs. They were all of the
best quality. Tbe little la v said she
would have been the purchaser if the
auctioneer had guarantee-1 that he
was selling her something which had
actually passed through the Empress'
hands. As for the boots and slippers,
tbey justified theeuiogiums passed by
MM. Franc and Lcckrey in their re
port on Parisian Bhuemakers. Then
there were, the ladies thought, deli
cious things In tbe way of petticoats,
fltanel bustles, robes decbambre, sor
ties de bain, and wo 'ten wraps. Sjme
baby's robes, which, acc rdine to the
salesman's legend, belonged to the
rrince imperial's tayetie, were ooiuht
by a Russian tody. A snuffy pur
chaser near me shook her head in
credulously at those belongings of
imperial infancy. They were sump
tuously got np, she admitted, bnt
nothing would convince her that they
did not belong to some distressed
bourgeois,' s layette, and were not
palmed off by the auctioneer to en
hance their price, as having been
worn by the Prince, at whose birth,
seventeen years ago, official France,
went into the most excessive demon
strations of delight tnat ever hailed
the advent of a royal child on our
planet.
Sh.kip;ara and tM Bbe.
Toys TaatssMft.
The dressing of dolls may be made
a most pleasant mode of teaching s
litue girl to work. All girls are fond
oi ureesing tneir own t J nafln,
though they soon weary of hemming
u usters. oy mazing aoue clothes ex
act miniatures of child ren 'sgar menta,
so that they will take on and off.
agreeable occupation in needle-work
will be f nnd for a little atr!. The
child will easily be made to take
pride in having all her doll's ward
robe as neat and well worked as she
can and good habits of care, neatness,
and order may thos be inculcated. In
this way, as has already been pointed
out, play and useful instruction and
training may be combined through
the agency of toys. In watching a
mtie girl play with her doll, an tn
sight may often be obtained into the
mode in which the child herself to be
ing orone-tH up. Wsnraw, we all
imitate more or less the habit and
manners of our alders;
ever way a ehild to seen asiua her
don, whether it be roes hi y, kindly.
or gently, or by making a great fune
over lit) appearance, BtsBa an
chiefly ot the fashion of Its
ornaments, so may tbe
features of the treatment that
herself recelyes at home be frequently
interred.
The cost of toys oannot be taken aa
a guide to their neerqlness or valne.
io a
w kjiu uih ue vrrauu iuas a eiduaer. noir r.-
project have been printed in great j parent, and Grand Duke Vladim r
numbers, and are by this time uJ-cu-; 11 a elder brother wsa msrrit iw&I
uauug ouiuug mo numerous luemoers to irricceas iagmar ot Denmark hy
aertain extent, aa In all other ar
ticles. It is true that good things can
not be had for nothing, bat the most
expensive playthings are by no moans
necessarily the best. Nothing is more
desirable than to encourage children
as much as possible to make some of
their own toys i when they do this. M
affords them immense pleasure and
amusement It should also be borne
in mind that tbe fewer plsytbincs a
AhltH hua in tlflA At. the asms lima
better. Too man-
hotter- fw .oMieasnces and a continual wsm nt
prosperous fqtuM whihb 6ach enana mo. uswaty, and prevent hab
s to have before It, none other fa nd wotentrneot betor
uereiusxas. lasan or SDOWntg SBUM!-
rea how to play to the best advan
tage, to maze toys, and, in short, to
enjoy play as much as possible.
snougn natural to some persons, to
srequenuy wanting to a lamentable ex
teat with many nurses, mothers and
teachers. A few practical hints on
this subject might and should be in
to au teachers, and injiiissU
who devote themselves to
GbbbssAbVw JovtmcU.
A writer in Oliver Optic's Magazine
haj made a jot action ot curious paral
lel passages, which abow the famil
iarity ot the great dramatist with the
scriptures, and account tor tbe com-
anon saying tn regard to the origin of
many familiar quotation: "It mast
be found either in the Bible cr shsks-prure!"
Othello. "Rude am I in mv
speech."
tfibie. "But thoushl be rude in
epeech." (2 Cor. xi 6.)
Witches in Mscbe h. "Show his
eyes and grieve his heart."
Bible "Consume thine eyes, and
grieve thine heart." (1 Sam., it., 83.)
Macbeth. "Lite's but a walking
shadow."
Bible. "Man walketh in a vain
show." in. xxxix,6 I
Macbeth. "We will die with har
ness on oar backs."
Bible. "Nicanor lay dead in his
hamtss." 2. Mac., xx 28
Bacqao. "Wo to ihe land that Id
governed by a ciuld."
Bible" Woe to thee, O land,
ben thy king is a child." lEcciei.,
a-, 16.)
iimon of Athens. "Who can ail!
him his friend that dips in the same
dish?"
Bible. "He that dippeth his
with me In the dish, me same
betray me."
A Hew ted Word rf Fitle.
This rifle, which is constructed npon
a new plan, to the invention til Dr. W.
R. EOns, of Thomaston, Maine, being
the rusoll of years of study acd exper
iment, to now successfully completed.
Competent judges, who have seen this
rifle, pronounce It tbe rm st complete,
neat and destructive firearm ever in
vented. It to strong and beautiful in
all its parts, not differing in siae trom
the common rifle; it weiahs nine and
one-half pounds only. The rifle to
breech-loading. The stock will hold
thirty-eight cartridges of forty-lour
one-hundredth caliber. The whole
number of cartridges can be put in
in one minute, without taking the rifle
from the shoulder. It can be fired
from twenty to twenty-five times per
minute as a single breech loader.
There are no long springs to becoma
weak. EaeJ; cartridge to forced into
tie position hy a device which hattntfi
and sure. Each cartridge is in a cell
by Itself, doing away with the liabil
ity of exploding by coming in contact
wttu eacn otner. tnere are uut jotar
working pieces la the whole construes
tion of the rifle. By moving only
one screw the working parts din o
removed, cleaned anu lepiaceu in a
very few minutes. This nrl- is very
easily managed and wonld b a most
tearful weapon in the hands of well
drilled troops.
The president has appointed Wil
liam at E'ar s end Beniamli H Cunts
They have a carlo js custom in m
certain district in Switz-rlatid, neat
the Italian frontier, called Eugadinel
which nndl recently was a barren I
wast in. Some mineral springs, how-
aver, save it a sadden notoriety, and v
U now shows signs not only of
tnt. hat onaleuce. When the
i. jah tha tph'e li'hntp he
BllS uusu .O
the first two courses distasteful and
difficult to eat, but when the pastry
arrives he to astonished to And it ear
passing that at Phillippe or Delracni
co's. Inquiry reveals the fact that at
has reached the head centre o tbs
culinary art the perlect ion of pastrj
making. It is from here the artiatt
of the world go tort h to achieve euli
narv conquests, and when the ahadtoJl
or life eotne on mesn, rrcn in rortut
n i, una i c
l li m I amtaaaftj BBnui LiltSV Wl I UU'K Ml I IBM A IJasrssTi ST
of the ancjent race throughout Qer-Jwhom he to, son NicholneT l Se I