d= Tribune.
PRICE FOUR CENTS
NEW.YORK. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1871
JDEAFNESS AND DISCHARGES FROM
TIN RAR
A TRW WORIE OF FRACTICAL ATVICF,
BY IR EK. FUONFOBD LIGHTHILL,
Svidor of A Fopular Treabee C0 [valvesa' Letters on Catarrh,”
and K.udred Liseases of 1h Muecus Meubrane,” Ke, &e
yor XX XL..N® 9,587.
OPPICR AND REFIT KRCE RC 106 WHET THIKTY-POURTH-ET,
The diseases of the ear mest prevalent and most destructive to hearing
we of ehron.e character, piv. g peither pain or distress, oor presenting
any other feature calculated to ronse Immediate alarm. The approach of
Goalies 10 mc cases is #0 extremes insibous that patent is unsble to
tell when the ¢ificalty was frst noticed, and slew and gradoal in its
Seve’ jwe.t that no progress is percep libld except at long Intervals of
Gwe. At frst the bearing is foand a little Jess acute than formerly, and 8
somewhat (Jos 7 attention has to be paid .f we wish to bear distinctly.
We imag oe that certain voices appear to be bask, or that certain per
sons art ulate carelessly or ‘talk way down ip the throat.” By aud by
sowe 4 fcalty is exyenenced in bear ug conversation when two or toree
are talking, or when it is carried on ip a low tone of voice, and fo by de
grees te hearing becomes more and more clouded aud indistivet until it
fe ertirels [st or very perionsly impaired, though itwar take years before
hus dimestrous reat t is accomplished
W.th some the beanug at frst suffers only by spells, the ears becoming
obstructed cuntg a coll. or while Llowipe the poss. lu such cases the
Lear:ng is often seddenly restored with a svapping sound or loud, start
Ying repart or returns io a measure after the cold has passed of But the
spells of deafoers usually ocenr more and more often. and Inst longer
uni) ot dength permanent deafness supervenea
DISCHARGE F2OM THE EAR.
to defective Leasing,
Whe the foregoing cases are characterized by the slsence ¢f any
voticeable featarvs calculated to arouse suspicion, no suck excase can he
wes io cases of discharge from the ear, for the d seas at once revenls
1eelf to the eye and to ame.), being, in fact, as ofenwve to one pense as it
is to Le other.
The discharge usually results from some Infemmatory process of the
ear, produced by scarlet fever, measles, cold, or other cause, and varies
to &iff-rent ceses, and even In the same individual, at different times.
Usually it 3s thick, purulent greenish-yellow matter, occasionally
streabed with blood. At times it is of a viscid and ropy patare anc again
may resem! le melted cheese in appearance and cousistency.
In tome eases it merely coats the lining of the auditory ears)! wiie
to others it is so coplons as to poar from tA ear, sud the excoriates tLe
surrounding tissue, which presents a raw and nflamed appearsuce
The discharge is always characterized by fetid odor, but In some caren
Mis 00 Lightly offensive as wo render the sullerer au object of disgust to
Lisase lf and to 0tbern
Discharge from the eur is dGaogerons both to beanog aud to the gystem
geoerally. Ip some cases it occasions total deafnestwhile in all the bearing
wafers 10 8 more Jess extent, and none escape without some potable injury
to the Lear ng power.) Ande from its effects on bearing, the disease is apt
to give rise to Nenralgia. Epilepsy, St. Vitae’ Dance, Paralysis, and other
servors disturbances, results scarcely to be wondered at when we con
oder the close prox m ty of the d.secsed anya’ cavity to the great vervous
cobs, tie brov. 10 which the inflammation or ulceration wight Le com:
wun cated wil ‘Atal cons guences
Noises in the bea! are sometimes the Sret and onl indication of mor
bid eoudition of the ean At Bret they are alight and orly comely
spells, Lut after a time they are constantly present and iucrease in in
tengty  TUey usually resemble the escape of steam, Lhe ringing of bells,
the Meaticg of tLe heart, the humming of insects, and in fact every
tmag nal sound. Ofeu they prove a sotree of ternble torture aud dis
Wess, and many patient who applied to we for relief was far more
anxdeus to Lave the noses removed than tLe Learing revlored, if only oue
hing or the otler could be dove,
ie
Those who veiue Weir Learng abonic seek competent med eal wivice
pon the slightest suspicion of o diseased condit.on of the ear, or the
beast defect w bearing. To do otherwise is to jeopardize one of ous most
valuable seuses. It should be remembered that when a defielegey In
Bearing power is frat noticed, the aural disease which caused the difienlty
bas already made considerable progress, for in the normal condition we
ai bare corals amoust of bearing ic excess of what we actaully need
srbearing to spare so to sav; hence whe we are made aware of a &imi
outou of bearing, this excess has vot only Leen lost, but ow needful
bearing 1s already encrosched vpon.
Mary persons veglect Lhe diseased state of tier ears in the hope
that the 4 Feultr may get well of elf or would be cut grown, No
bope bas ever proved nore fallacious. JU is the experience of sb aorats
of wpuie tat diserses of the car are pot benefited by nature or UUme,
Wut at on the contrary the aense becomes mors sud wore developed
ad coubrmed aud more destructive Lo hearing. It is, alas. 100 often the
ae Bat by the time the colpatle improdence of neglest is perceived ir
Popanibie wisclief bas borer done, and valusble Leasisg Las been lost,
Which probably Le amount «f beraan kill can entirely restore,
We canner, Wercfore, wo sirongly coudewn the praction of those
Shyticians wie through ignorance or carelessness, endeavor to ivspire. eon
Sdence in he healing proces of pature. and advise patients to let disegres
of the ear tone. 14 our experience we Lave Lad repeated Gemonatrat ons
of the fart (hat puch give botblug suurt of walprustioc, ago deserv.ig
of the severem censure.
fa Sant varies F428 diverse of the ear held read Vv te shiilfel med
a endator and evi 0 Casey of long stauding. and wiere the Leary
Wesreuns pa el, a FLL cure op 0fen be odected by aprioprmte
Was Desinble 1esiite bowevey as oily be eapected from tue at
Weedaoce of a phyvcan wlio bas Wade hime lf familiar with the subject
by epoca Muay, upd who Las sequieed wulcient pretiesl experiences to
Bro 8 mastery over cure! disames. Medio, sclecee carved be eid
PRapon ible for the tro uent fa ures LL TY
erie has ti Soret ih or orgbarisuesd bends
$oenty sears and 0 he corm of bis ii stody for nearly
vie a
c
Peatuent obey lL iMered Nery from
uy [Loom petem
OB in cud vvitg sper Yn unusanl soreens in
Touny one interested 1 iy prepared 16 furnish "3 iapicn Seen
TINS So rior Si es oy rg of the highest
by
Vrotessiougl are,
Preel of bie assertion.
Dr. LIGHTHILL can be Garly conmalted fio 94m Wl Tp wate
SUiieaes Sa IGE MW act TY cc.
Or LGHTHILL “88 be daily conmalted from 94 we LAY be
Stag Ae “wn “el Try un
TVAYNSESS RY SPELLS,
DEAFNESS IN ONE FAR
Occasionally we £1d that only one ear ip attacked the other retaining
DPPAFNESS IN CITILDAHOOD,
actus wisfortone,
1o mary cases of deafuess that present themselves to us for trestent,
Joss of learing
which commevcel during infancy or
NOISES IX THE HEAL.
A FEW WORDS OF ADVICEL.
FOREIGN NEWS.
i
PRESIDENT THIERS OPPOSING THE INCOME TAX
—THE GERMANS SEIZING HOSTAGES AMONG
THE FRENCH.
PARIg, Tuesday, Dec. 26, 1871.
President Thiers delivered a powerful speech
in the National Assembly to-day in opposition to the
proposed income tax.
The Germans have seized a prominent citizen of the
town of Revin, in the Department of Ardennes, because
of a quarrel between the Bavarian troops quartered
there and the French people. It 18 also announced that
the Germans are making a census of the private fortunes
of the wealthier citizens of the invaded Departments.
ee PI
THE ANNUAL CONSCRIPTION.
£7. PETERSBURG, Tuesday, Dec. 26, 1871.
An Imperial decree appears in print, to-day,
fixing the conscription for the Russian army for the year
1872 at six men in every 1,000.
Hai
THE SULTAN AND THE ROUMANIAN RAILWAYS.
LONDON, Tuesday, Dec. 2%, 1871
The Sultan, backed by Prussia and Austria, is
sharply pressing the Government of the Danubian Princi
palities for a settlement of its railway obligations
a
THE CASE OF THE FLORIDA—A DENIAL.
 JIAVANA, Dec. 26.—A positive denial is given
to the report that the Spanish man-of-war Vasco de
Nufiez fired a blank cartridge at tho steamer Florida
when she was leaving St. Thomas. The Constanced
(newspaper of this city) says that orders had previously
been issued to vessels of the Bpanish equadron to cease
annoving the Florida and to retire from the vicinity.
cate
THI NEW DOMINION.
A TRUNK MYSTERY IN QUEBEC.’
BR RLM MA ILMEAL2000 AN Ki THAT Y
Quepec, Dec. 26.—A trunk mystery canses
great excitement in this city. The other day a box
was found st the Grand Trunk Railway depot, contain
ing the mutilated body of a woman in a partially de
cayed condition. The limbs had been out off, and the
flesh hacked off in Jumps for convenience of packing.
The box had been left behind by a etranger, who had
crossed the river in a ferry-hoat, His name is unknown.
Foul play is suspected, and the authorities are busy iu
wnatioatine tha matter
MI'RDEROUS AFFRAYS AT NALIFAX.
J1aniFax, N. S, Dee. 26.—Two allrays oe
curred here 1ngt night, which are likely to prove fatal,
Capt. Joho Michael of the Welsh brigantine Nina, load
ing for Liverpoo), quarreled with Daniel Duggan, his
boatswain, and shot him twice in the head. Duggan’s
wounds are regarded as mortal. Capt. Michael has been
arrested. At a house of ill-fame, kept hy Refirce,
soldier named Patrick Brennan was stumck on the head
with a pitcher, and will brig de trom the blow.
The inmates of the house have been arrested,
its bearing power o'ten for years. Where this is the cese vo difficnity is
experienced in bearing conversation reads, except when approsaked on
the deaf ide. but the power is lost to know the direction of round; if
hallo d to, for iustance, 8 person so afected could pot tel) which way the
sean came from In the majority of cases the other zar becomes affected
RE ease]
YORTIIOGN NOTES,
The cold was intense in Paris on Sunday,
Dec. 10; the Observatory themometer on the previous
day registered 213° below freezing point, the greatest
cold which has been registered since 1789. All the mails
have been greatly delayed by a heavy suowfall, and the
same cause has impeded the greet trafic.
fo time ard what was lefore a serious incorvenience becomes thel en
The Democrats of Clerkenwell, London,
were holding their weekly Runday night dikcuseiong il
the Hole in the Wall, on the 10th inst., tue subject being
Home Rule, and Mr. Odger and Mr. Osbdrne both being
{rcgent, when the dangerous condition of the Prince of
We can be clearly traced to come trifing sural
comp art childhood, snd
witch was allowed to run its course unchecked and unattevded,
Ofer there are no visible symptoms devoting a diseased condition of
the ear, The child merely suffers from a slight but growing lvdistinet
‘ales was announced by the Chairman. Notwithstand
ing the Republican sympathies of nearly every person fu
the growded room, there was a general and unmistake
able expression of sympathy with the Queen, under her
present affliction,
wees of hearing, which assumes the appearance of inattention, or absent
winde ness, and Decessiiates frequent repetition of questions before
correct apawer ls elite). Tue real cause of this apparent ivatiention is
An order hag been addressed to the Spanish
Financial Commissions in Paris, Lundou, and Amster
dam, announciug the paywent of the coupon of
the External debt due on the 31st of De
cember. It also announces that the Financial
Commissions will pay the coupons of the In
ternal Debt only on the jcoupons, on presentation being
accompanied by the Bonds, in order Te ncat abuses hy
gpeculators, who buy the conpons in Madrid at a great
disconnt and send them to be cashed abroad, thns injur
ing the interests of the holders reaident in Spain.
pearcels ever suspected, and we know of meoy instances where chiliren
bare heen cruelly and persistently punished by parents and teachers for
Inattention. earelessvess, or siapidity, when the fault was entirely Que
«A Clrelsea Liberal” writes to The London
Daily Telegraph complaining of gir Charles Dilke's having
come out as a Republican. The writer guys: “71 conrider
that Sir Charles Dilke hae obtained bis seat in the House
of Commons by misrepregentations, Had he heen s Re
publican at the period of his election, he should honestly
{ave said so; if his conversion to Republican
doctrines has taken place since then, he should
resign his seat, and, if he pleases, offer himself for re
election. My vote was given to Sir Charles Dilke, Bart,
a supporter of Mr. Gladstone and of Liberal reforms;
and not to Citizen Dilke, the prosident of a future repub
lie, and the traveling agent of the Republicans who meot
to theorige and quarrel with each other at the Hole in
the Wall pot-house.”
An inquest was held in the Borough Court at
Bolton, England, on the 9th inst., on the body of William
gchofield, the laborer who dled from injuries sustained
at the hands of the mob which attacked the building
where Bir Charles Dilke was delivering a lecture, A
request was made for an adiournment of the fnquest
in order to bring evidence to show, among other
things, that the people were acting Ylcuhier outside
in pursuance ofa concerted pact; but the Porongs do
clined to grant the applicarion. The jury, atter d®liber
ating more than an hour, returned the following verdict:
“That Willan Echofield came to his death by a blow
from a wuskile thrown by some person unknown from
winong WHO ons assembly,” which 18 a verdict of mwan
slaughiier ugiiLel SONIC PEON OF Persons unknown,
A sensation has been caused throughout
Europe by the report of the Czar’s speech ot the feast of
Bt. George. The Czar, in proposing the health of the
Emperor of Germany said: “We desire and hope that
the intimate friendship which unites us will be perpetu
“ated iu future generstions, 88 also the brotherhood of
arma. In this friendship existing between our two
armies, which dates from a wemorable epoch, T kee the
best guarantee for the maintenance of peace and legal
‘order in Europe.” The Borsen Zeitung, a paper pub
lished in the German language at St. Petersburg, not
ouly regards the toust proposed pd the Czar as u friendly
RTeQULE, but considers it to be, from a Russian point of
view. 6 Jolitien) programme of tho future—an
appeal, 10 fact, addressed to Europe "h Russia,
and warning against political passions, 16 article
concludes thus: p'‘ Western Europe mistrusis Russia,
sud belleves that the latter threatens the order which
has been established there, But that fear is unnecessary,
jhe foreign policy of Russis having ceased with the
indamental reforms introduced under the present
Russian Government.”
The new Ministry of Belgium has heen pro
vided with a President of the Council without portfolio,
which i an Innovation in Belgium, increasing the usual
number of Ministers frown six to seven. The Ministers
are of the purest clerical dye, ss free in the eyes of
Catholics from the taint of Liberalism a8 in those of the
Luiberals frow the taunt of Langrardism. Count de Theyx,
the new President of the Council, belongs to the Cham
ber of Representatives, is nearly an octogenarian, and
has been $8 Parison ever since the National Congress.
Ho is coneldered a safe politician of upright character
who, notwithstandiug his clerical prochivitios, is not
likely to commit Whinself to any policy op, to com
won sense and the interests of his ol The most
$Eominen: figwe In the new Cabinet is M,
ou, the Minister of Finances snd a Benstor
who has already been several times s Minister,
He has always been regarded asm one of
the greatest finaucial capacities of nis country, and has
of late Juste been at the head of some of the most un
Jrtan bLauking aud industrial enterprises of Belgium,
le way fairly be considered a8 the wost able of the Bel.
giao Catholic stagesmen.
Sor bervion Correspondence see Revomd Pose
A WHITE DESPERADO IN A NEGRO CHURCH
THREE NEGROES SHOT.
CINCINNATI, Dee. 26.—At a Christmas fest)
val held by the negroes at thelr chureh, at Florence,
Ky., near Covington, on Buuday nikbt, a white man,
nated Henry Snyder, who wae intoxicated, became dis
orderly and took wunwarrantabls liberties with the
women. Peter Iiylor, one of the negroes, remonstrated
with snyder, which so irritated blu that he drew a pis
tol und shot Rylor in the head, jutiicting a fatal wound.
bnydes then xhot three olber negroes, two of whou,
pr Yowell amt John Brent, are seriously wounded,
EE.
FURTHER PARTICULARS OF THE LATE RAIL
KOAD DISASTER.
(‘vicago, Dec. 20.—-Further particnlars of
she gecident on the Burlington, Cedur Rapids, and Miy
nesota Ralirosd Buturday evenjug, ot Shell Rock River
Bridge, say: The train bed two locomotives on account
of the heavy drifts. The two locomotives, tenders, bay
kage and caboouse-cars went through the bridge, the
baggage-car resting at 8 steep wugle. The engineer of
the frat locomotive, 1. 1. Judd, the Areman of the
sceond, Robert Rulston, and ove trakeiman, J W
Martiet’, were doastantly  Bllied ut tle i) pinta,
Tht Onggago msec ul 8 achive Lalld Lad
FRANCE.
RUSSIA.
TURKEY.
C1'RA.
their legs broken, and a passenger named
A. Towne, had three ribs broken. A few others are
variously bruised. Fortunately, the [asshger coach
was stopped in time to prevent its plunging with the
rest, thus Saving the inmates. Mr. Towne, notw‘thstand
ing his broken ribs, picked up the hgpggage-master and
drew him to the upper end of the car, where he was
taken out of a window by tne conductor. Mr, Towne
then sank from exhaustion, but was rescued by some one
crawling in after him. By the exertions of Loomis and
gill, two conductors, the train was saved from burn
ing by rubbing on snow, after the cars were several
times on fire. The bridge was a Howe truss, and it ie
feared that it had been tampered with by some evildis
TM Ad Ad Yas RLY
(ew-ork
MEETING OF THE COMMITTEE OF NINETY —A
RAILWAY COMPANY ARRAIGNED.
The Committee of Ninety met yesterday af
ternoon at thie rooms of the Chamber of Commerce, John
Foley in the chair, and Wm. M. Hoes acting as Secretary.
The chairman stated that the next two meetings would
be held in the rooms of the Committee of Beventy, at No.
52 Union-square. On motion of John T. Daly, the chair
man appointed Mr. Daly, Myer Stern, Wm. M. Hoos,
Lewis B. Brown, and A. J. Dovale, a Committee on
Admission. Mr. Daly ny “Real estate had suffered
greatly from the ant of rapid transit on the
Island. THE TRIBUNE of this morning contains
an article which presents in the clearest manne’
the results of a lack of the proper means
communication between the upper and lower
portions of the city. The slow growth of Westchester
County referred to in THE TRIBUNE ls, a8 I look at it,
due for the most part to the New-York and New-Haven
Railroad Company, This road is evidently run in the
interests of the State of Connecticut. Not a single ex
press train 6t0ps this side of Stamford; the depots are
all in good condition after passing Portchester; and
better cars are run on the through trains. The depots
in Westchester County are the same old sheds which
were built from 15 to 20 Figo aro. The contrast
between Westchester County and the growing dix
tricts in New-Jersey is very marked. The reason for
this may be found in the single item of commutation.
The rates to Mount Vernon, 16 miles, are $90 per annuu;
to New-Rochelie, 18 miles, $93. The charges, on the other
hand, to Btamford, Conn., 37 miles, ure only $113; to Nor
walk, 45 miles, $120, w Bridgeport, 69% wiles, $153; and to
New-Haven, 76 wiles, $146 per annum, THE TRIBUNE is
right when it sa) 8 that New-York is losing the best part
of ite population—the middle class. The Brooklyn bridge
ia building to take more away, and until the problem of
rapid transit is solved, the growth of Dopuiistion will
continue to diminish.” The Committee then adjourned
to weet at 8 p. wm. on Friday, at No. 62 Union-square.
OURBREAK IN  MISSOURI—SEVERAL NEGROL:
MURDERED.
St. Loris, De 26.—A special dispatch to
The St Louis Democrat from Bedalia, Mo., rays that
Cubslmas day witnessed a precoucerted outbreak of
Ku-Klux at Marshall, Saline County, Mo, and vicinity.
A large number of armed men turned out in pursuit of
the negroes in the district, Patrols were placed near the
town, and every traveler was halted and questioned all
bysinees was enspended and mob violence reigned su
preme. It 18 not known Low any DEgroea wero
killed, but a man who left Marshal at 11 o'clock p. mi.
paw the bodies of five, two hanging by the neck, and
three lying on the roud. He also saw one terribly
wounded, having his shoulder shot away. At the latest
accounts the crowd of armed men were starting out, and
gw earing they would murder every negro in the county,
THF TESTIMONY FOR TAFE PROSECUTION CLOSYD,
Barroionre, Dee, 26.—The Criminal Court of
Aune Arundel County, for the tral of Mrs. Wharton, re
assembled to-day. When the Court adjourned on Satur
day morning last it was for the purpose of allowing tine
to Prof. Toney to complete his analysis of the liver of
Gen. Ketchum, begun on Monday of last week, When
Prof. Toney left the witness stand on Thursday he had
proceeded so far in his analysis as to obtain a number of
dark #pots on a porcelain plate, which indicated unis
~takably, in his opinion, the presence of arsenic or suti
Ty cdintoly after opening of the Court to-day Prof.
Toney was called 10 she stund and testified that, in tak
ing of the dark spots on the porcelain plate, his object
was to teat either the Jrgecnce of antimony or arsenic;
a Roady solubility would denote antimony and the more
dificult solubility of the remaining part wonld denote
arsenic; applying very slight heat, the solution was
evaporated to dryness, giving on the outer edge of the
evaporated pot fhe unmistakable color of antimony
the center of the spot was of a light yellow color,
inclining to white; further tests on these spots, with the
ald of a microscope, gave evidences of the presence
of arsenic in quantities too small to be trek by the
naked eve. The experiments, therefore, proved the spots
were composed Vrcipally of antimony. Witness was
aatisfled, by the result, of the nature of the deposit. With
one or two other spots he tried nitric acid, to see if he
could get white oxide of antimony. No satisfactory re
sult was obtained, and he made no further experiments
with the spots. His next experiment was with another
part of the original solution, to see if he could
obtain metallic antimony. This test was also unsatis
factory, and was put aride ax of no particular value on
gecount of the exceedingly minute resulta obtaived, if
any. A second test for metallic antimony was also un
gutisfactory, the witness stating that the quantity of the
material used for experimenting was too small to operate
with. Further experiments with the original solution
obtained a precipitate of sulphide of antimony equal to
six-tenths of a grain, which would be three or four-tenths
of a xrain of metalic antimony. Witness stated
that, judging from the result obtained from
the quanuty experimented with, which was little
over half, the whole liver might have
contained from gue-half to threa-quartera of a grain. All
these experiments were made from materials taken
from the lurge jars containing the liver. The witness
next took the contents of the small jars containing one
kidney and the gpleen, and, experimenting with the
sane test, had proceeded so fur with his analysis a8 to
obtain dark spots on a porcelain plate, indicating arsenio
or antitnony.
At this pont the conneel for the prosecution stated
that the testimony was closed on the part of the Blate.
The Court thew sdyourned until to-morrow,
SNOW ON THE PLAINS.
Bryans Station, Wy. Dec. 26.—There has
been a heavy fall of snow here, and railroad communica:
tion with the East is interrupted.
THE ICE BREAKING UP IN THE HUDSON,
PoucnKEEPSIE, N. Y., Dee. 26.—~The ice in
the Hudson River is melting very fast. The ferry-boat
at this place will attempt to renew her trips to-morrow,
Reports received from up the river say that the ice Is
thawing, and that teams ase breaking in while attempt.
ing to cross on the jce. As yet no loss of life is reported.
GOVERNMENT WEATHER REPORTS,
WAR DEPARTMENT,
OrrICB OF THE CHIEFY BIGNAL Orican.
WAEHINGTON. D. C., Dec. 26—17 p. 1.
yg for the vast twenty-four Aours.
The low barometer which was in NewEn
gland 3g Monday afternoon hus moved north-eastw ard
beyond bur station. The passage has been very uniform.
ly digtributed during the day, being somewhat fie
in thé North-Western Btates it has risen decidedly at
the Rocky Mountain stations. The temperature has
fallen froin 1dabo to Wisconsin, where clear weather hae
appanently prevailed. Cloudy Weathce has continued
north of Kentucky and Virgin this afternoon; partially
cloudy and warm weather in the Bouth, Atlantic, and
Gui States §Falling barometer and cloudiness 1s reported
from Ban FrancMco. Northerly winds prevail from Lake
Michigan to Nebrasks and Arkansas, and light oasterly
Jide from the same Jake tu the Middle aud East Al
antio.
Probabilities.
The ares of cold clearing weather, with northerly
winds will probably move eastward, on Weduosduy, over
the Lakes, and extend southward to Teunessso; area
of cloudy and threatening weather pass northeastward
over the Middle and Eastern Btautes possibly with Jifat
snow or rain to-night; partially cloudy and Ra weather
on Wednesday in the Gulf and Bouth Atfotio Btates,
with rain in Alabams and Louisiana. Dangerous winds
are pot anticipated fog this evening.
Supplementary Weather Report.
This merit snow fell in Cheyenne aud at Milwaukee
a light rain fell in Galveston, Texas the temperature at
Key West, Fla., was 79° above zero; at Duluth, 16° below
at Omaha, 8° below; at Bt. Paul, 6° below; aud wt Vir
giuis City, Montans, 6° below zero.
jpuaeate t. -u, the intervention of the Btate being only
city. 1, has youl besn determinad in relation to the
Dispatches received this evening report a light snow
at Chicago, with a temperature of 16°. Bnow wis also
reported from Davenport, Iowa; Grand Haven, Mich.
Mhwaukos, Wis., and also from the Canadian Obserya.
tory, at Torouto. A heavy rain fell in Keokux, Iowa. Tt
was clearing up, after a spow-storm, at Omaha. The
temperature at Augusta, Ga. and Lake City, Fla., wan
740; Jucksonville, Fla., 76°; Key West, 189; Mobile, 11v;
New-Orleans, 76°; Punta Rossa, 77° and Savaunab, tia,
=o. At Duluth aud Bt. Paul, Mion., it was and at
Marauette, Mich., 6° above 26ro. a
RUTLAND, Vt., Dec. 206.—0On Christmas day a
bloody ufiray took place ®t East Arlington, Vt, in
drinking saloon. Furwell and Lawrence, the keepers of
the saloon, shot five persons, two of whom haven died
since, and two more are mortally wounded. One of the
vietitun wis Furwell's son, years of age. The afar
creates intense exeitenwnt. Farwell snd Lawreneo Are
awucr sriovel,
RAPID TRANSIT.
THE KU-KLUX.
fr
JE WHARTON TRIAL.
tal
NEATHER REPORTS.
ee wt
RIOODY AFFRAY IN VERMONT.
TWEED A FUGITIVE.
tl
ONE OF HIS BONDSMEN SURRENDER HIS
BALL.

DARL
THE SHERIFF'S OFFICERS IGNORANT OF HIS
WHEREABOUTS—HIS BAIL UNJUSTIF1.D—HE 18
REPORTED TO HAVE FLED FROM JUSTICE,
BUT IS PROBABLY SKULKING IN THE CITY—
HIS PROPERTY TO BE ATTACHED.
Intelligence reaches us at a late hour of the
night from a trustworthy and responsible source, which
leaves no doubt that Willlam M, Tweed has fled from
justice, and is either in rapid flight from the country, or
skulks, concealed from the Sheriffs officers, somewhere
in the city until new bondsmen come forward to save
him from imprisonment. The chances are that the
metropolis will know him no more until he returns under
compulsion to join Mis comrade in crime in the gloomy
walls of Ludlow-st. Jalil.
It was announced several weeks ago in THE TRIBUNE
that two of Tweed’s bondsmen, Hugh Hastings and Jay
Gould, had given riotice that they intended to withdraw
from hir bond. This report, though strictly true, was
denied in several papers, but is new fully confirmed.
Tweed gained time by application at Albany for reduc
tion of his bail and postponement of the day for justifi
cation, and thus satisfled these gentlemen to continue
for awhile longer. But Terence Farley, another bonds
man, and a contractor who had made all bis
money hy T«eed's official and personal favors,
becarve alarmed, and nervously demanded to be released
from the pond which he had voluntarily assumed, and,
indeed, a8 a mark of confidence in his friend, had
urgently demanded to be accepted. Upon theso
facts becoming known, Tue TRIBUNE announced
at the time, now nearly a week ogo, that
Tweed’'s  bondsmen would fail to justify on
the day appointed (yesterday); that Tweed was unable
to procure other sufficient bail, was in fact praetically
"bankrupt, and that the probability was that he would
be committed by the Sheriff to Ludlow-st. Jail in de
fault of bail on the expiration of the time for justifl
cation,
It was understood early yesterday morning that
neither Hastings, Gould, nor Farley, would attempt to
pass the strict examination which Mr. Joseph H. Choate
instituted In the Supreme Court Chambers, Mr. B. F.
Fairchild, Bernard Kelly, Charles Devlin, and Richard
Tweed, were in Court ready to justify. Sheriff Brennan
and his Deputy, Judson Jarvis, were also present, the
former evidently nervous over the prospect of a continu
ance of his responsmbility for Tweed's safe kecping, and
though naturally indisposed to lock his former political
associate in prison, still determined to do hie duty to the
people,
About 8 o'clock it was rumored that one of the disaf
fected bondsinen sent to the Sheets office an order, in
the usual fori, surrenderingg bull, and authorizing the
Sheriff to arrest the aforesaid William M. Tweed In ex
oneration of himself as surety.” At first it was under
stood that this frightened bondsman was Jay Gould, but
from facts which were subsequently made public, it ap
peared that the Ring contractor, Terrenco Farley, was
the first to turn traitor to the Ring master who
made him what he is. In spite of every inducement
held out to him, Farley had threatened, on the 21st
inst., that if not released that day he would refuse to
justify. Every effort was made to obtain other bail at
that time, and it was for this reason that Richard M.
Tweed appearcd in Court yesterday to offer himself as u
substitute for Farley. But Farley's nervousness increas
ing during the day, he finally signed the surrender a8
stated above. The great criminal was at once warned
by his friends of Farley's treason, and disappeared
immediately, or he would have slept last night in the
County Prison,
Mr. Tweed left his house early on the morning of yes
terday and repaired to his office, at No. 94 Duane-st.,
where he remained until about 33 p. m. A TRIBUNE re
porter, seeking to learn the truth of a rumor that Tweed
had gone to Connecticut, reports him at this office until
the hour named, About that time his carriage wus
driven away empty, and after passing several times
around the block flually disappeared altogether. Search
being made soon after in the building, it was found that
Tweed bad slipped out at the rear of the building and
had disappeared. Up tol o'clock last night he hag not
been seen by those who sought him, and is unquestion
ably skulking until his bail is provided, or is a fugitive
to some other State or eountry. It is supposed that if
bail can be provided by Thurslay Tweed will surrender
himself, but at the present time his whereabouts are un
kuown to the officers of justice or to any other than his
fmmediate friends and accomplices. A TRIBUNE re
porter, who visited the Metropolitan Hotel
in search of facts regarding the rumored
fight, found the place deserted by all but
Richard M. Tweed, William M. Tweed, jr., Judge Dow
ling, and a lawyer and notary public. It was learned
there that young Tweed and the lawyer were busily en
gaged during the evening in obtaining the consent of the
other bondsmen to the acceptance of Richard M. Tweed
in Terence Farley's place, but whether these efforts
were successful or not was not learned.
It is stil] believed that if bail can be obtalned Tweed
will come forward at once and deliver himself up. If
the Bheriff can lay hands on him meantime, he will, as it
js his sworn duty to do, take him into custody, and,
assuming the responsibility for his safe keeping, con
sign him to prison, or place watch over him at his
son's hotel.
Tweed’s property will probably be attached at an
early date, on application of the attorneys for the peo
ple. One of those prominent in the prosecution of the
Ring rogues yestorday applied st THE TRIBUNE office
for the ist of bis property lately published from the
official records. This list named real estate owned by
Tweed to the amount of $4,474,000, purchased
since 1668, Much of tbls, in fact, very nearly
all, has been transferred to his relatives, but of course no
such fraudulent sales will hold good under the cireum
stances. It was understood that Tweed's lavigre were
about to move at Albany to dissolve the Wmjdnction ro
straining him from disposing of his real estato; snd
that the motion to attach is 8 counter movement.
It bas been reported that Mr. O'Conor would terminate
his connection with the prosecution of the suits against
the corrupt city officials when the new administration
come into power, but Attorney-General Barlow informed
a TRIBUNB repo: ‘or yesterday that Mr. O'Conor’s servioss
Ere Tl Th TTT Torr RTT YEE TY TYYY Ty
Barlow himself is concerned, bo hopes to have the assist
EXAM.SATION OF HIS BONDSMEN ~STATEMENTS
BERNARD KELLY AND B. P. FAIRCHILD
5. {1IFUTES FOR JAY GOULD AND HUGH J.
“A INGS.
Yestemlay being the day assigned for the
Justification of William M. Tweod's bail, the Chambers
Branch of the Bupremo Court, Judge Cardozo presiding,
waa filled at 104 a. w. ‘vith interested and curious specta
tors, mainly lawyers. Mr. Tweed's counsel appeared In
his behalf, together witly his sureties and bis brother
Richard, while Charies O'Ccnor and Jus. F. Choate acted
for the people. Tae Bheriffs office wae represented by
Mr. Breunan, Judson Jarvis, Mr. Keyes, and Depuly
sheriff Btevens. Mr. Brennan took his scat on 008 mdo
of Judge Cardoso, und Judge Dowling sat on tho vibery

T™WEFD'S BAIL.
brugi suits by the incoming sutborities.
I
the tr1© exciting the remark, by a lawyer present, “that
there was almost enough for a Ring.” After the bonds
men were sworn they adjourned to ‘the Special Term
room, where they were searchingly examined by Mr.
Choate as to the value of their property, real and per
sonal.
Bernard Kelly testified that be had been a contractor
for many years, mainly on tht docks; he owned a house
and lots on One-hundred-and-sixteenth-st., bought by him
March 30, 1869, for which he paid Mr. Kinyon $40,000; he
had since pot up a stable for $7,600; there was  H mort
gage or other incumbrance on the proper he alse
owned 38 lots between One-hundred-and-fifteenth and
One-hundred-and-sixteenth-sts., bought in January, 1570,
for $65,000; he had paid that in instalments; the land bh
never been put to any use; he also owned three lots on
One-hundred-and-sixteenth-st. near Becond-ave., on
Pro gave a brown 0
him $14,000; he thought the house he obiglacd
JOVLh Ja UY) he also owned a house and four lots on
ne-hundred-and-sixteenth-st., between Avenue A and
First-ave.; the lots were 20x100; he had offered
$1450 for the house; he had also nine lots at ehund
-and-eighteenth-st. and Avenue A, pure in 1867
from Miles P. Jewett for $18,000; this propeny was orig
inally deeded to himself and wife join uy; afterward she
executed a deed of it to his son; he had never used it,
alepough 1 stands in his name, and had never improved
it; he on all his property uly p mortguge o $1,000;
never paid any tax on 8 personal property, and the
real estate had never Tied im a dollar of income; had
morgage of 5.00 on the Terhune Ho in Onehundred
and-sixteenth-st., near Avenue A; ore rps on the Wey
dull House of $8,500, and one against George Quintard for
$11,520, due on a contract for work dons on a pier of the
Charleston 8. 8. Co. 16 months ago the Mutual Gaslight
Company Swed him $36,983 43 on a contract; he had also
a claim of $2,662 against Harvey P, Farrington for work
and material furnished for Pion and bulkheads along
the North River; he had no income from his property
except on the Terhune and Yejdall mortgages owned
no stock or personal securities of any kind; he had eight
or nine men in his employ, although he had on hand now
only a $600 contract; Lis entire income was derived from
his two mortgages.
Benjamin P, Fairchild testified that be resided at No.
372 West Forty-seventh-st.,, and had lived in New-York
City all his life; was an auctioneer, and had been one for
13 years; was in no way related to Tweed had no official
connection with him or his son, and never beld any office
under the City Government; believed be had made two
‘sales of old buildings for the Pepari ment of Public
Works; had received orders, as a real estate dealer, from
Tweed, but those matters were closed up long ago} Le
became Mr. Tweed’s aurety at the request of the latter,
who sent for him on the day of hie arrest; none of the
property epecified fn the bail bond came tw him
either directly or indirectly from Mr. Tweed,
or any member of his fawily. Mr. Choate
inquire if he had ever had a conver
sation with Tweed or his counsel in regard to indewmnifi
cation for ball, or had made any such aifengewells with
any one, *'No,” Feplisd he with some emotion, nor do
1 believe Mr. Tweed would do any such thing; he was
my friend in prosperity, and will be his in adversity.”
Mr. Fairchild stated that he had a house and lot at No. 9
Beach-st. for which he gave $15,600, and on: which there
was a mortgage for $10,000; he had also aiouse and lot
at No. 3 York-st., mortgaged for between $3,000 and $4,000;
he vg them at auction, about four years ago, for
$10,000; had also a lot at No, 342 West Fifty-seventh-st.,
which he purchased of Peter Masterson, about five years
ago, for about $3,000, and which was free of incuinbrance;
Le was offered $55,000 for it three years ago.
The examination will be continued to-morrow, at 11 a.
m. It is positively stated that neither Jay Gould nor
Hugh J. Hastings will justify. The new bondsmen iu
their place are Richard M., Tweed, proprietor of the
Metropolitan; Charles G. Cornell, Water Register, No.
206 Enst Twelfth-st., and Charles Devlin, No. 311 East
Fifty-seventh-st,
cP
CHARLES O'CONOR AND THE NEW CHARTER.
HE IS TO BE RETAINED AS TAMMANY PROSECUTOR.
It having been intimated that Charles O’Conor
was preparing, at the request of Samuel J. Tilden, a draft
of a charter for the government of this city, a TRIBUNE
reporter applied, yesterday, for information on the sub
ject. Mr. O’Conor would not say positively that he was
or was not preparing such a paper, but remarked that it
would probably be deemed presumptuous for one an or
a private body of men to engage in such a work. Hc
thought a charter should be drawn by a commission, to
be appointed by the Legislature at an early date, and to
begin operations at once, leaving the Legislature to do
tho other work that has accumulated. At the eud of a
month or more, the charter would be sufficiently advanced
for the cousideration of the Legislature,
el

HOW TWO TAMMANY COMMISSIONERS EARN
THEIR SALARIES.
James M. Sweeny and Hugh South, Com
missioners of the Riverside Park, made awards some
time ago to the property-owners whose land was appro
priated, and the amounts were submitted for confirma.
tion to Judge Barnard, who, deeming some of them
too high, ordered them back to the Commissioners
for amendment. An appeal wae then made from the
order to the General Term of the Court, whereupon
Judges Ingraham aud Cardozo cut down the awards
from one-fourth to one-third, and will, when the case
comes before them, refer the papers to Commission:
ers for correction. The matter wil come up on
Tuesday next when, it 18 understood, an Ao:
will be made to have the order referred to
the present Commissioners, Messrs Sweeny and
Smith, Corporation Counsel O'Gorman expresses
his determination in that cage to oppose the motion, on
the round that these Commissioners are out of the
country, and unable sto attend to their duties. This
action, if sustained by the Court, will amount to a set
ting aside of the action of the present Commissioners,
and pd lead to much litigation, as it 18 understood that
some of the property-owners whose awards are reduced
will appeal to the courts for injunctions to stop further
proceedings until such time as their wishes are com
{hed with, or the question 18 settled by appeal to the
ighest tribunal.
Sweeny and 8mith are also Commissioners for the ex
tension of the Eleventh-ave., and Mr, O'Gorman states
that if is is made to appear to him that they will not goon
return, he will make application for their removal, as
their protonged absence will make it impossible for them
to perform the duties of thelr pRsion. Theso men ars
now receiving regular pay a8 wnmisgioners, aud are
doing no work for it, either in person or by deputy.
TWEED CO. IN COURT.
It is expected that the General Sessions
Grand Jury will present a number of indictments to-day
against minor members of the Ring, Mr. Tweed, itis
said, will be brought up to plead next Monday, aud
during the week the trial of Haggerty and Baulch
will probably take place.
el
THE YOUCHER ROBBERY.
John C. leemnan sailed from England last
Saturday, with the intention, it is said by his fricuds, of
prosecuting for Lbél the author of the report that he
was implicated in the' theft of the vouchers from the
Controller's office. Hvenun sailed from this port
two weeks ago, in company with William H, Cook,
intending to remain in Eopgland some tine. Cook's
name, had also been used in connection with the voucher
robbery, and a report was circulated that he had fled
from the country to avoid arrest and the probable conse
quences. An intimate friend of Cook’s told a TRIBONS
reporter yesterday that the European trip was the result
of a suit for aivorce begun in an English court o Cook's
wife, an Buglien actress, whom he find married io thiy
oity, but from whom he separaiod in consequence of
dowestic troubles. Where phy, whose Dame was
also freely used in connection with the voucher theft,
has gone, none of his friends seem to know.
Stl
THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY ON THE CHARTER.
The Commttee of Seventy met last evening,
Wiliam F. Havemeyer presidiug, aud adopted the fol
lowing:
Resolved, That the incomplete draft of a city charter
which has ap in the Sav spepore without the con
sent and pst the wishes Committee and ite
sub-Committes on Lepoisuen, is not considered either
as the final decision of this Committee so far as it goos,
or as the precluding changes ip the portion of the char
ter already iosussed, but was printed merely for the
convenienée 0 IncinberaAnd.lo enable them more readily
to suggest alterations and improvements,
THE ARKANSAS NEGRO TROUBLES AT AN END,
Tre Rox Dee 98 Conway Barbour. the

AERA LE AKI Twp ANT TTY TH) hr
colored Assessor of Chicot County, arrived here to-day.
Ho was at Lake Village when Wyiine and three others,
aharged with murder, were shot. He left there on Friday,
and says everything was quiet; that uo excéases have
been committed, sud that the officers of the law have
complete control of affira. The Governor bas not yes
heard fromm his Adjutant-General, and will wait for
report from him before taking any action.
ance of Mr. O’Conor. When the new City Government ia
reorganised it will properly belong to it to bring suits and
in conse” of the peculiar condition of thiugs in the
eerceeetilfinmmr=rieees
TRIEGRAPHIC NOTES.
Yenterday was observed aa a hoNday in Eng
laud, all busiass Lelug suspended.
_...During a pyrotechnical display in Macon, Qs,
op Christmas evening, a Sre-ball was thrown into store igniting a large
stock of fireworks. Ao explosion followed, asd four stores were Larned
Loss, $60,000.
....The Twelfth Night Revelers” will give thelr
third aonaal representation io New Ofleans on Friday, Jag There
will be 8 graud procession during tbe day, and a4 aight there will be o
ball at tue Opera House.
....An indignation meeting was held by the citi
sens of Hallion, Obio, on Bunday evening, aod resolutions passed wne
dewing the Criminal (ours for releasing persons guilty of erie. The
meeting, which was lave, attended, was calied 10 cousequesce of the
acquittal of Thomas Mcliclan, recently tried for tbe wurver of Myon
Melichas was warned tv leave tbe place
FRAUDS ON SHIPMASTERS.
nent
HARBOR-MASTER HART'S CASE.
RESULT OF THE TRIBUNE'S CRUSADE AGAIN?
THE HARBOR-MASTERS MORE AFFIDAVITS
AND EVIDENCE—GOV. HOFFMAN'S METHOD
OF REFORMING ABUSES.
The merchants of this city are at last thor
oughly awake to the necessity of reform in the Harbor
Master service, and see, more clearly than ever, the
necessity of calling upon the Btate Senate, at ite next
sittlag, for relief from these growing evils. As THE
TRrBUNE long since proved in the case of Harbor
Master Hart, by producing the affidavits of Measrs.
Niver and Knapp, Gov. Hoffman fails to remove the
offenders, and, by disregarding the wishes of the
ship owners, apparently hopes to siience the commercial
pcommunity. The World in its issue of Dee. 24, says: To
whom, we ask, have the merchants protested? Not a
single complaint has been made by them to Gov.
Hoffman in regard to acts of Harbor Masters.
The Governor stands ready now, as hé always
has done, to aet upon any charges that may be made,
with promptness and vigor.” The subjoined affidavits,
certified to by the President of an honorable commercial
asapciation, together with several others, were duly
"drawn up and sent to Gov. Hoffman on the 15th inst. The
Governor received them on the 16th, and acknowledged
the receipt to 8. G. Wood, Albany, agent for Austin’s
Hudson River Tow Boat Co., on the 18th. Harbor- Master
Hart was then snmmoned by Gov. Hoffman to
appear at Albany, and presented himself with hislawyer
on the 23d. No evidence of any importance was offered
by the defense, notwithstanding which the Governor de
cided to turn the case over to J. E. Jonesy Captain of the
Port, who bas every reason to refrain from making out
a case against the accused. The merchants consider this
a final disposition of the matter on the part of the Ex
ecutive at Albany, and hope for little relief until the
opening of the Legislature. The documents printed
below contain ample evidence for the Governor and his
strangely ignorant newspaper representative,
THE CASE OF THE HELEN M. SIMMONS.
To His Excellency the Hon. John T. Hoffman, Governor 0)
the State of New-York
8Ir: On Dec. 8, 1871, I applied to the whartinger of Pier
No. 6, E. R., New-York, for a loading berth for the Amer
can schooner Helen M. Simmons, and was told that T
conld have the berth on the L of the pier, between Piers
Nos. 6 and 6, there being no vessels either loading or di~
charging at that time at said berth. I then gent a boat to
the Atlantic Dock for the schooner, towed her to the pier
and made fast. Shortly after we had done so I left the
mate in charge of the vessel. I had not been away very
long when the Harbor-Master, Mr. Hart, came on the
pier and ordered the mate to cast off the lines and move
the vessel asfern. This the mate refused to do without
orders from myself, Thereupon Mr, Hart said that if he
(the mate) did not move the vessel, he would put a erew
on board and move her himself. The mate, seeing
no alternative, moved the vessel astern, layne
outside of another vessel, where she rewain ull
night. The next moruing I ordered tho mate to haul
{nto the berth again and make fast, which was done.
Mr. Hart again came on the pier, and, after some talk,
cast off our lines, letting the vessel go adrift. The
wharfipger then saw Mr. Hart, and, after a great amount
ot explanation, it was finally agreed that the vessel
should occupy the berth—where the schooner is now
ocked.
I prag, therefore. that, as in your Excellency 1s vested
the authority, yon will sgonce take sowe action that may
remedy the present staté of affairs.
I bg 'B remain your Excellency’s most obedient ser.
vant, Bueft, master schooner Helen M. Bimmous.
uw New-York, Dec. 13, 1871,
Capt. R. P. Bush, who signed the foregoing statem:nt
and aflidavit, beiog petsonaly kuowu to me and the
tacts as stated by him, having been also stated to me by
other eye-witnesses, I have the most implicit confidence
in the truth of the statement.
GUSTAVUS A. BRETT,
Presid¥nt of the Ship-Owners' Association,
TRE CASE OF THE TORRYBURN.
To His Excellency the Hon. JOHN T. HO¥FsMaN, Goternor
of the State of New-York:
Kr: On Dee. 5,1871, we applied to the wharfinger of
Pier No. 6, E. R., New-York (as ig the custom in this dia
trict), for a loading berth for the British bark Torryburn,
and were told that we could have the berth then vacant
at said gen it having been vacant for some days to our
knowledge,
We then sent a boat for the bark and towed her to the
fier, but just as she was made fast to the pier the Harbor
faster of the district, Mr. Hart, came on the pier and cast
the vessel’s line off and insisted that she should leave tho
flor, stating to the oaprai of the bark that he would
ave him arrested unless he at once left the pier. We
stated to Mr. Hart that our vessel had thie same right as
others, and pointed out to him that there were three ves
sels loading and unloading at the same pier, and asked
him what gi he had to allow those vessels in the dock
if, as he claimed, it was coutrary to law. To this
he wade no answer, but etill insisted that
our vessel could not and should not have o
berth. We then said to him, that if he would allow us to
take the berth, we would hold ourselves in readiness to
move our vessel whenever the berth was needed for a
canal boat or barge; but even this had no effect upon his
STOJUFALY disposition, and the result was that we were
obliged to pay, or promise to pay, §756 tor a berth at pier
9, East River, where our vessel is now loading. Fis
is the second instance of this kind since our acquaintance
with Harbor-Maater Hart. The first was a vessel at pier
7, East River, in which case Mr. Hart ordered a steamer
and took the vessel from the dock, where the whartiuger
had a berth open, and was anxlous to receive her.
We look upon these instances as a stretch of anthority,
and believe that such actions, among other growing
evils, are driving the shipping Way from this port. We
pray, therefore, that, aa n your Excellency 18 vested
the authority, you will at once take som action thad
may Tomedy the present state of affairs, We beg to re
wain your Excelleucy’s most ob’t servant.
HENEY PARKER,
Ship Brokers and Commission Merchants
New-York, Dec. 12, 1571.
I hereby certify that the Joreguiog statement, 60 fan
as it has reference to the British bark Torryburn, 18 true
in every particular, und that my vessel has suffered’
thereby to the extent of one day's demurrage of $50 gold,
beside the exorbitant charge of $75, paid for the berih ut
Pier No. 9. M. A. Corp,
Maater of the bark Torryburn,
We hereby certify that Messrs. Heney Parker are
merchants of respectability and standing in this city
aud the above statewent made by them 18 true, to our
knowledge and belief. GUSTAVUS A. BRETT,
President of EMDCIwaeH Association.
C. CORNISH,
Banratare nf AhinDwnara’ Association
NO G AB LAST NIGHT IN THE DARK DISTRICT.
ed 4 ER Coa wh ma pe BB. Tass 5)
AVY ATAAN IANA STANT AESE BAT AICTE STEBBNER WW AW BEB 8&1
Notwithstanding the assertion of President
Zollikofler of the Metropolitan Gaslight Company that
he had made arrangements with the Harlem Gaslight.
Company whereby the dark district was to be lighted
with ges from the works of the latter, there was po gun
last evening in the part of the city usually supplied Ly
the Metropolitan Company, to the great annoyance of
all who dwell in it, and of those who had occasion to
walk through it in the drizzling rain that increased tho
obscurity. Tapess, candles, and lamps were pressed into
service as on the previous evenings. Christmas enter
tainments which had been deferred until last night wero
necessarily abandoned. The continued abeeuce of gus
has worked great injury to the poorer clase of storc
keepers, who bad expended thelr surplus in expectation
of realizing a basdsome profit during the holidays. Tho
Maney goods and other stores usually throoged at this
season of the year, wore utterly deserted Ly purchasers
last avening.
CINCINNATI, Dee. 26.—A Memphis special to
The Enquirer says thc latest from Cbicot County states
that the negroes have disbuuded, and all but 50 have re
turned to thelr homes. The 30 mentioned bave placed
themselves under the Sheriff. No fears are entertained
a8 to retaliation by the whites.
CRIMES AND CABUALTIES—EBEY TELEGRAPI
CRIRED ANN YADUAMIAEO=D A ARIANA TILD.
id George Batehdl der p Laconia, N. H., com
....A drover named John Simons was robbed by
Bigitearihes, ant Aly: 90 Santer Might, of $30 ia money and drafts
....The houseof Jonathan Bryant, at South Liver
more, Me. dept wh db cpa Lak ht $1,300, $500 of Bo
amount being in cols.
....,The Rev. H. C. Wallace of Atlanta was shot
and killed at Atlanta, Colsnubla County, Ark., Dee. 3), by a drusken
follow named 8bilmen. manierer is st large
Jobs ;Fward Coughorty of AI by ia, oy 4
veaffold at the Qjobe Weales Mille, in Utica, yestarday.
w
:.:.James W, Kennedy a Pistsburgh stook broker,
for Talat. be bas biiged si going 10 pleces The vessel and cargo
toch operations, which bb
fal In of h his mind,
....The Norwegian Hulde, Norberg, master,

er Boatchman named David Flucker attemptod
eran Tan Sia Sy. ua Sante)
mi og 2 oh with rhs
throws ee io “i i


....Willlam A. Glover, who wae tried i
dd Es hE)
Judd to "hich bs will probe y al
i Pa, Td te whe es bon th
[STF Sane sondage Liormaes Ps chem be shouri]
ork or Pe yi Rr We wean
THE ARKANSAS NEGRO TROUBLES,