THE PRESS.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2o. 1871.
CITY AND VICINITY
New Advr(i^« u.ru»» ■'•-Day.
auction COLUMN.
Hor^e®, Carriages, &c ..F. O. Bailey Co.
Buildii.g, &c. ...F. O. Dai ey 6c Co.
rtPMJIac NOTICE COLUMN,
Card.... Gage Davis.
NKV\ ADViCiU’ISl.MKNT COLUMN,
Hjusb f*r Kent... .Geo U Davis Co.
Lost. ...G aasos.
Found... .Pocket Book.
Lost.... Pocket Bn ok.
Notice—John 1J. Boyd.
Noti’e. ...Chas L’ Sherwood.
Giant....H. H Hatch.
Fire Exio^nisher.... Henry Taylor.
Boot and Shoe store lor Sale... .A. Holmes
Muprriur Jml cial Uourl*
li tk' >K R .TUPGK TAP LEV.
Thursday—<n ih> case 01 M yberry vs. Winslow,
tried yeste’day, the jury returned a verdict lor plain
tifi tor $t>>9 44.
Mo war i Ceavos. Webb*
Nortu Yii mouth vs. West Gardiner. Action to
rC'-ov^r the *uppli;s turnished to Johu Johnson, al
leged to be mu inhabitant of West Gardiner. This
caso *us tried at a previous term ot this court, at
which the pr si ling jud<e in truded the jury that
*•11 he ime alleged pau( er) lett the town wi.liout any
intention as to whether be would or not return, or
with only an mdefluite and halt-tormed purpose sot
to return, but did, iu lact, return without having es
tablished a (evidence elsewhere, his abseuce would
mu cou titu'e an interruption ol ills residence iu
West G irdiner.*' The void ct was lor the plaintifi
and the d.f-udants excepted to the instruction ot the
presiding Judge, as given above. The exceptions
were sus lued by the lull court and a new trial
grunted, the opinion being that When a person
leave- his place oi the residence with evtrj thing he
ha-, without any intention as to returning, ho has,
under the pauper staime, terminated his residence,
wiie her he has establisned another or not.” On
trial.
J. Ii. Drummond. L. Clay.
ViMiiicipal t'ouri.
JUDGE MORRIS PBEMlP'NG.
Thursday—John Fiauerty paid $50 and costs on
a search and seizure process.
Patrick Wiun w*s charged with being urunk and
dirordci ly, t ut was let off on promise to leave ‘own.
Pt ter rii'gg.-rty was ordered to g.ve a bond ot $100
on a bastardy complaint, or his appearance at the
Superior Oouit iu November.
Brief Jottiuga.
Portland Lodge ot Masons, at a special meet
ing Wednesday evening voted $100 lor the re
liei ol the traierniiy in Cuicago.
Three oases ot clothing for the Manistee suf
ferers weie sent forward from the Marshal’s
offle.i Wednesday night.
A pair ot gold bowed eye-glasses were lost
either at Evergreen Cemetery or about the
chy. The finder will confer a favor by leaving
thnu ri this office.
The offljea in the Cily Builoing will be closed
from 9 o’clock A. M. to 3 o’clock P. M. fo-day.
We would remind those wishing for reserved
aeats to the M. L A. course that the sale com
mences to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock at J.
C. Stnokbridge’a music store, 156 Exchange
street.
Tue White Mountains were covered with
fu»w yesterday morning.
He in.y J. Murray, E^q the British Consul
at this poit, will g ve a dramatic reading at
Biddefotd next Wednesday for the benefit of
the Episcopal Church in that city.
Resolutions of respect to the memory of the
late Hon. Woodbury Davis and Hon. Phinehas
Barms will be offered in tne Supreme Court
on Monday morning next.
Every member of Post Bosworth is expected
to be present at ihe h ill this morning at 8
o'clock precisely.
We learu ibat the fancy milliuery and dry
goud9 dealers have agreed to close their stores
on Tuesday and Friday evenings at 6 o'clock.
The Welsh meeting house at Ligouia village,
xeceotly refitted and improved, is to bo re
opened next Sabbath.
The foundaiion of the stone dam over the
Prtsumpscot river at Little Falls is preparing,
the c» ffer dam being finished yesterday. Ward
Weil Co. expect to have ibis fall the founda
tion ol their brick paper mill, which is to be
400 leei long and tour stones high.
We are glad to learu that Dr. Robinson was
getting along finely and had improved much
wimiu ihe past three days.
The members of the ‘‘Ancient Harmony So
ciety me reminded that their rehearsal takes
place this evening at the library room of Me
ohauica Hall. A lull attendance is desirable.
Our readers should see to it in season that
they secure their seats for the Grand Pare pa
Rosa concert. But a tew remain at last ac
counts. C. W. Gilkey Co. huve charge of
the matter.
The Boston Maine and Eastern Railroads
have agreed upou the terms upon which pas
sengers shall be carried between Boston and
Portland.
Tne police made a seizure of liquors at James
Cunningham’s, on Washington street, yester
day.
D.-puty Marshal Decelle yesterday arrested
at bis lather’s bouse, on Newnury street, last
evening, James Creary, aged 15 years old, who
escaped I torn the Reform School about four
mouibs since. He has been iu St. John and
had just returned. Tue officer got a descrip
tion of him and “went it blind” iu a search
for him. The parents said be was in St John,
but the office*' knew better, and on searching
nuo uuoao iuuuu iuc uuy iu ueu witn mree
oiber lads.
A large fire was seen at about half-past 9
o’clock last evening in the direction of Saco.
Tbe illumination indicated that tbe fire was a
large one.
The Bel ef Fuud.
The amount ot contribution at tbe First Par
ia churcu last Sunday morning has been in
correctly reported. It was $300 instead ot $200,
a9 printed.
FOR WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Dr Pud r. $10 S B Gunni on, $10
Mrs A t dou’t'in, 5 Joseph DiOwn, 20
Kuiu? (Justinian, 25 Wilburns, Puieifer
MittCQ Clapp, 50 Co, 15
Oa«K chutes Wil- James A \fi 11 ten,
_ b *m10 Cherrvfield, 10
Dr I i Dana (tor Chica
go) 25
R.^ived for Michigan and Wisconsin to date,
$4500
S E Spring.
Subscriptions received by Edward M. Rand:
C®8'1* $.0 Canadian Kxi ress
Wm T Phelan, 5 Co. 50
C*~b, 6 Jacob McLe lan, 25
Subscriptions le-eivedby A. P. Morgan:
Mrs E B Cutter. New Capt A J Petten
ii'ou^e.'ter, 25 gill, 10
T Lni emtem, 10 Smaiden, «cam
Wm G i a bourne, 10 mun Co. 28
M as Eda Hay, bcliool J H rtamlin, 25
teacher, 2 CJMoitis 20
PerKm* Libby, 10 Nortni Chapman, 100
J 51 Cliu.ibni, 50 Joseph Waiter, 50
J 'hu Lyu^h, 60 *.rs i>r Daieie, 10
Capt James Baine, 10 Portland Army
Wui.*hea, 10 Navy Union, 200
Fes^en en Bros, 25 Patnok MeUlinchy, 25
D. Isa: c 1 Cummings, 26 demy De rmz, 25
R if t?> Dueling. 50 Sttvens <'o. 5
Cyra? Greene, 10 Little girls fair in
Spring Si. 1
FOR CHICAGO.
C 'llscled by A. P. Morgan:
Lash, 6 Ed ihalet Nott, 60
H B Dexter, 1 Wash tty an, 10
E ucKetiSey, 100 Cbus Sager, 50 j
H^uiy hucsey «fc Co, 25 bulls Bryant, 5
Poor inau, 1 Irish American Ke
w?®Jt*naarL liei Association, 125
G t. >V1 d»s, 5 John Braotoid, 10
Wui ti Wood, 10 Moses M Bu ler, 50
John C Procter, lo Aiex Longfellow, 10
Cash, 5 Geo Keeley, 5
Eastern Cemetery —We again call the at
teut on of tba Committee on Cemeteries and
Public Grounds to the pitiable condition ot
the Extern Cemetery. No regard seems to be
paid to tbe pre^ei vaiiou and neatness of the
grounds, aud they have an air of neglect.
Broken gravestones and posts are left scattered
upon ibe gras?, graves from which bodies have
been removed for reinterment are bait filled
or falleu in, the entrances to the underground
tombs are half covered with earth, rude fire
pi«io*-s, wneie mtcuauics uave incited metals
for selling head stones, meet the eye, the de
bris ot cli ps and rotten planks are scattered
round; in fact, the appearance of the place is
almost disgraceful. It is the sentiment and
desire of the people that this venerable and sa
cred enclosure, where “the rude forefathers of
the hamlet, sleep,” should be cared for as re
ligiously as our more modern cemeteries; and
a Hi tie effort ou the part of the proper authori
ses would effect this. Its historic associations
attracts hundreds of strangers there annually,
aud there are thousands of our own citizens
to whom the place is dear as the resting place
of their own friends.
A Bale* ii.esm._h, H. Weseott, a metn
ber ot Bo.t Bo.,Wunh, G. A. K., was buried
r! ii"111 U«ry huuorH ,Iom bis late residence on
Chatham Street, yesterday, by bis comrades
Tbe reimuus se.v.ce, were conducted by Rev.
Dr HI.a ler oi the First Baptist uburcb. As
tbe iuueral p.ocessiou was moving Ul) Pearl
Street, ou tbe way to Evergreen Cemetery a
buise attached .o one of the coaches balked
aud finally began lo kick, breaking the W|, ffle
tree. Tbe prcie.slon was halted until the dam",
ages could be repaired, and then proceeded.
The animal was troublesome all alon<» the
route.
Board of Irade.—There was not a quorum
present at the adjourned meeting ot the Board
of Iiade la.t evening. Several names were
proposed for membership, and the meeting
was adjourned without transacting any busi
pest.
president Giant’s Iteoplioii.
President Graut left Bangor at 11 o’clock
last nigh! iu a special train for Portland, and
was expected to arrive iu this city at 4 3o this
morning. U was arranged that he was to le
met at the station on his arrival hy the Mayor
and Committee.of Reception in carriages and
c-coried quietly to tlie Falmouth Hotel. The
Presidential party proper consists of thirteen
persons.
At a meeting of the Invitation Committee
last evening it was determined to change the
route of procession somewhat, aB lollows: On
arriving at India street the escort will turn
down aud go through Fore street to Atlautm
up Atlantic to Congress;aud through Congresi
direct to City Hall. This will lengthen the
lime about twenty miuutes aud give the people
ot Muujoy uu opportunity to welcome the
President. Our ofticial notice of the route and
older of procession aud other ceremonies will
be fouud umotig tlie special notices.
The procession will move iu two divisions,
with the President aud suite in the centre.—
Oapt. George VV. Parker, the Chief Marsha1,
will he assisted by Aujutant Charles ,1. Peo
nell, Col. T. A. Roberts, Major A. M. Benson
and Surgeon A. O. Shaw, who will comprise
the staff.
County Sunday School Convention.
[Ueported lor ilie Press.]
The third annual convention of the Cumber*
land County Sunday Schools concluded Iasi
evening a two-days session at Gorham, Little
Falls. Five denominations and about thirty
schools were represented. Mr. F. A. Smith,
ol Pine Street, this city, was President, and
Messrs. J. A. Locke, Esq., and Brown Thurs
:od, Secretaries. Our space allow s hut a hriei
account. Wednesday atternoou was spent in
considering the obstacles; absenteeism, want
of capable teachers, a library, running in ruts,
&c, also the way to avoid them, discussed by
delegates R. Leering, W. H. Vinton, Tottey,
Hannaburg, Chase, and others. Mr. Furbish
spoke on the relation of the school to the
church. Interesting reports were given from
various schools. Teachers meetings were dis
cussed yesterday morning by Messrs. Earle,
Baker, Roberts, Burt and Murphy. It was
iliought best, at times, to resolve the meeting
nto a class, that each might show bis own
nelhod ot teaching. The pastor, if possible,
ihould be there. Foil preparation beforehand
ihuuld be made. There should be had business
»nd devotional meetings also. Teachers should
leel bound to he present.
Mr. Geo. F. Emerv stroke on the duties or
Superieteudent. Make his work of first im
portance, and be in lact the executive officer.
Secure promptness, thorough study and Ire
quent reviews. Make the pastor an ally; know
the work done by teachers, and above all, set
an txumple in his character, symmetrical and
consistent.
D. B. Ricker, on S. 8. concerts, advocated
Scriptural recitations wholly; perfect deco
rum; one topic of thought alone; more prayer;
also variety of conducting the service. Rev.
M. H Williams would not have too much of
the theatrical; hut that which combines devo
tion, instruction and moral stimulus; one ad
dress, generally by pastor, and at least one tern
perance concert yearly, with presentation 01
pledge. Rev. M r.-.Cousons suggested framing
the signatures, also a summing up of the con
cert exercises at the close. Auolher re erred
to musical responses of scripture verses; the
lessening the number of parts and the better
rendering of them.
Thursday afternoon Rev. Mr. Cousens gave
a blackboard exercise, and Rev. E. P. Tbwing
auotherjillustrative exercise showing with two
magnets the antagonists influences of good
and evil, and their comparative power over
young and old; the permanent and portable
character of the gospel and its communicative
power among the masses. Rev. Mr. Eaton fol
lowed with another diagram on the board. The
convention then after some discussion, voted
to recommend the giving up of the 8abbatli
afternoon preaching service to the Sabbath
School. Also commended the holding ot
Teachers’ Institutes, aud returned thanks to
the pe iple lor generous hospitalities, and to
the Rochester aud the Ogdensburg roads for
return tickets.
The qualifications of teachers and aim of
their work were discussed by Messrs. Thurs
ton, Nichols, Luce, and Capt. Sturdivant, and
an experience meeting last evening closed the
session, which has proved to be a highly suc
cessful one. The offlsers for the ensuing year
are John Furbish, President; F. 6. Rich, Sec
retary; ‘A. H. McKinney, Cor. Sec., and Ru
fus Leering, Treasurer.
And thee Went to the Show.—Just eigb
teen and a half inches south of the southeilj
wall of the Printers’ Exchange is “a highly
moral show,” where it costs “one dime aud
a hall to see the greatest natural cutiosities in
the world,” according to the vernacular at the
muscular youug man who does duty at the
outposts. Yesterday a couple of mad wags
about town strolled down to the place—one a
full faced chap, with a broad-brim hat cocked
jauntily over his left eye-brow, aud his thumbs
iuto the arm holes of his vest; the other bd
elderly, Quakerish looking gentleman of be
nevolent aspect. And they accosted Cerebus:
“Do you admit old showmen tree?”
“Yes, sir; what is your show?”
“Rattlesnakes and wax figures.”
“Where is it?”
“Out in the couotry workiug this way.”
“Pass right in.”
And they walked in and the man with the
long grey beard waked up from his lethargy
and set the boy in the corner grinding out
Cant. Jinks from his wheezy hand-organ.
“Gentlemen, I have the honor to show you
some of the greatest curiosities of the anima1
kingdom. When gentlemen ot culture and
refinement enter this tent I take pleasure in
showing them the peculiarities of the exhibi
tion. This gentlemen, is the great American
Ant-Eater, from the wilds of Booth America
Be is exceedingly docile and will eat peanut*
from tne naked hand. His tail is somewhat
lengthened, hut his life has been a hard one
and has drawn out his sorrowsjtol au unusual
length. This gentleman, is the Silver Pheas
ant, a bird of beautilul plumage, remarkable
for bis select eating qualities. This is the Boy
al African Parrot. Hd is moulting at this sea
son. Sarah, lift up the creature’s wings and
show the gentlemen how nature has robbed
him of his brilliant plumage. He is an ad
mirable singer when he feels well, and will
keep a family of small|children lively beween
school-hours. This, gentlemen, is the Ameri
can Gopher, He is so called beoause he will go
for food *t good ways and stay a good while.—
And qow, gent.leman, we show you the greatest
wonder of the age—the Circassian girl, whose
hair is a source of delight to all naturalists.
Boy, stop that organ! This young lady was born
in Circassia, and came to this country in infancy
She was educated in the public schools in New
York but speaks excellent English, notwith
standing. Miss Hanover (boy,stop that infernal
organj) these gentlemen are old showmen and
will say a good word for you. Will you please
to sing tor them one of your charming melo
dies, accompanying yourself on the melodeon.’’
And the young :ady with pleasant features
aud harsh voice sang the affecting ballad, Up
in a Balloon ‘‘Now, Miss Hanover, some
folks thinks your hair is false; show the gen
tlemen. Gentlemen, step up and examine her.
The elder showman, with a wiuk, made a
thorough exploration of the young woman’s
dome of thought, nud prescribed a lotion of
Cream of Lilies as a dressing; and they declar
ed themselves satisfied with the show. “Gen
tlemen,’’ said the venerable proprietor “I don’t
put out no money on printing offices, and such
like, hilt 1 m ikes the thing even by admitting
old mails and honest lawyers gratis, and that's
why tne tree list is so short. Good uliernoou,
gentlemen; hope to see you again. Enoch,
light the torches, its most time for the evening
entertainment to begin. Boy, start that organ
Walk in gents! only a dime and a ball to see
'“O pccrat UiUlHi BUUW OI IUO tip? 5 X Utt
quondam showmen were ten minutes after
wards seen in tbe custody of the City Mar”
siial for running a show without a license.
Return of Military.—The two companies
that went to Ranger to attend the great rail*
road celebration returned home last tveuing at
ahont 8 o’clock, having left Baugor about noon.
Toe Norway Light Inlanty, Capt. G. L. Beal,
and the Auburn Light Intantry, Capt. A. C.
Prev accompanied them and will take part in
the paiade to-day. The Norway company
brought tbe Norway Brass Band, 16 pieces, W.
S. Abbott, leader, and the Auburn compaDy
bad with them Jobnsou’s Cornet Band ofLew
islOD, 20 pieces, H. N. Johnson leader. Two
battalions were formed, the Portland aud Nor
way companies, with Portland and Norway
bands, and the Mechanic Blues aud Auburn
Light Infauty. They marched to the old City
Hall, where the visiting companies stacked
their armies and were escorted to their quar
ters, the Norwav company to the United
States Ho’el and ibe Auburn company to tbe
Adams House. The military vsitors will add
much to the festivities of to day.
The mayor of Chicago to Mr*. Thurston
Chicago, Oct. 15, 1871.
Jane P. Thurston, Dear Madam,—Your
letter enclosing check lor $1000 is received,and
in tlie name ot thote suff -ring ones tor whose
re!iel It was sent we tender you our deepest
thauks. Very Respectfully Yours,
R. B. Mason,
Mayor of Chicago,
Thm Lambs' Aid Society —The ladles ot
Portland, ever quick to respond to an appeal
of distress, gathered at Reception Hall yester
day afternoon, to the number of about two
hundred, to give aid to tbe thousands who have
been made destitute by tbe gieat fires in the
West. All brought to tbe work their best eu
ergies, and sewing machines aud nimble fin
gers were eaily employed. The fair operatives
wgrked with a will, forgetting for a lime wom
an’s prerogative to talk as well as work. How
much was actually accomplished is not meas
ured, but the result was no doubt satisfactory.
The Executive Committee acknowledge dona
tions lor tbe Chicago sufleters as .follows: Mrs.
Jabez Woodman and Mrs. W. H. Foyo, oue
box; Mrs. Dr. Dodge, one box; Messrs. Coveil
Valpey, goods to the amount ot j{48 75. Tbe
Committee have forwarded to Chicago one
large and two medium sized cases of goods.—
There has also been sent to the sufferers at
Manistee oue large and two small cases. Tbe
ladies earnestly appeal to the sympathies ol
the citizens of Portland and vicinity for still
more liberal contributions of clothing and
bedding. A cold aud severe wiuter is at hand,
md all will be needed. The sewing circles
connected with the various religious societies
are remiuded that infant’s clothing is much
needed, especially knit woolen shirts, blankets,
itueus, aud other suitable goods for the babes
in the desolate regions of the West.
A Remarkable Anniveksvry.—Saturday
was the oue buuuredtn anniversary of the birth
of Mrs Nancy Dicks, reiiot ol Cap'. John
Dicks, and her residence No. 39 Worcester 8l.,
was the scene of a reunion ol ibe nlatious ol
ibis remarkable long lived woman. Mrs.
Dicks, whose maiden name was Smnpson, was
born in Charlestown, MasB., the youngest of
ihirteen children, all ot whom, now dead, lived
to the good old age ot from eighty to ninety
.six years. Her husband, a Scotchn.au by birib,
a snip owner aud master, was born in Port
land in 1893, and was lost at sea in a great
gale in the year 1830. She is now iu possesion
of all her faculties, and conversed with her de
ceadants to the third generation. Oa the uc- i
casion ot her one hundredth birthday this ven-
erable matron was tbe recipient of m my nu
merous testimonials of tht|iflcCtion and esteem
in which she is held oy a wine circle of rela I
tives and triends. These consisted ot baskets
of ftuit and flowers, and a ceutennial cake of
mammoth proportions, from Mrs John H.
Eastman, who is a near relative.—Boston Jour
Hal.
Mrs. Dicks has four daughters living out of
five, and one son, Capt. John Dicks, who did i
go6d service all through the war as a volunteer I
officer in the navy. Mrs. Dicks and all her i
iamily were residents of Portland for many I
lives here. Capt. Dicks was onec a merchant
of this city, but tailing in busiuess, he resumed
bis profession as a shipmaster. He and the
late Capt. Wm. McLellan sailed in company
not long before the great storm referred to.—
Capt. McLellan and uis crew were taken off
the wreck ol his vessel, the brig Hind, several
days after the Btorm, but Capt. Dicks and his
vessel were never heard from.
Pkof. Edw. S. Mouse.—The first ’ecture of
the course on zoology by this distinguished
naturalist was given last evening. He com
menced with a description of the lowest forms,
auimals composed of one substance only, and,
by gradual steps, proceeded to the considera
tion of beings of a more complex structure.—
Photoplasm, spontaneous generation, ciliary
movements, the results of deep sea dredging,
were all more or less fully discussed. The Pro
fessor displayed the greatest familiarity with
bis subject, speaking entirely without notes
and illustrating every point by black-board
drawings which, though made with wouderlul
rapidity, were marvels of accuracy and beauty.
Tbe audience was a most attentive and ap
preciative one, aud frequently expressed its
satisfaction by hearty applause. The only
thing to regret is that it was not much larger.
'Our citizens should understand tHat this course
far surpasses anything of the kind ever at
tempted in this State, and should not let slip
this opportunity for instruction and enjoy
ment.
The second lecture will bd1 given this eve
ning, aud, for the bent-fit of those who could
not attend last night, Prof. Morse will give a
resume of the first lecture.
Villa Mineb—The in-door entertain
ments did not draw large houses last night,
owing to the unusual numbers of them and
the attractions out-doors, consequent upon
the expected arrival of President Grant. Villa
Miner’s troupe had their share of patronage
however, and delighted their audience. It is a
splendid company. The familiar farce, Loan
of a Lover, was give# in an excellent man
ner, aud Delbanty& Hengler’s specialties were
greeted with enthusiastic applause. Their
“Hottentots” is a facetious piece of dramatist#
that is certainly inimitaole. The well-known
burlesque of Cinderella was capital, Miss Ag
nes Wallace displaying her ability to good ad
vantage. To-uight tbe Caste, in which the
lady will enact a favorite character. Go and
see them.
Music Hall.—Milburn had a large and ap
preciative audience at his entertainment at
Music Hall last eyeniug. His sketches were,
generally, very good and elicited great applause
from tbe dramatic talent, and fine vocal power
displayed by him. In some of his sketches he
istbepeerofLingard. The scenes from tbe
life of Kip Van Winale were very good and
were appieeiated by the audience. Miss Rid
dle appeared to great advantage in her serio
comic songs and drew hearty applause.
This evening will be the last opportunity
our citizens will have to witness the imperson
ations of Mr. Milburn. An excelleut pro
gramme is nresented. and it is worth the nrion
of a tioket to see him perform. The house
should he filled.
Another I.iff for t hicsKO.
Portland Oct. 18,1871.
Hon Btnj. Kingsbury, Mayor City of Portland
Dear Sir:—The employees ot the Portland
Rolling Mills, believing it tbeir duty as well as
privilege, to help the needy, have purchased
clothing to the amount of one baudred and
fifty dollars, which they most respectfully ask
you to forward to the sull ring at Chicago.
Employees Portland Rolling Mills,
by A. J. Hods don.
ItlltiCELLAIIIBOrg NOTICE!*.
Dialogue Heard on Midele St.—Citizen.
Cogia Hassan is really selling granulated sugar
8 lbs. for a dollar.
Commercial St Orocer.—Yes, he tried to buy
ten bbls. of me, but I wouldn’t sell bim not lor
cash od delivety, I dor’t like such doings.
Comments by Cogia Hassan—The citizen told
the truth, the Commercial street grocer lied.
C. H. did not try to buy 10 bbls. of him aud
has no doubt he cculd have bought if he had
tried.
Excitement about that best quality granu
lated sugar that is sold 8 lbs. for $1 at Cogia
Hassau’s,129 Middle St,
Particular attention paid to the manufac
ture of Men’s and Boys’ clothing by Orin
Hawkes Co., [292 Cnogress St.
Get your sheetings and shirtings at Cogia
Hassan’s, 129 Middle St.
lr is said that if a puff of air were to be
blown into a vein of anauimal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
he stopped. The blood makes the entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven minutes
and whenever this circulation is impeded ot
any of its ch rnoels are clogged by impurities
which ought to be carried off, disease follows—
fever ora disease ol liver or kidueys.or scrofula
or dyspepsia. To get at and remove the source
of the difficulty use the old and infallible
blood purifier, Dr. Walker’s California
Vinegar Bitters. ocil8rh 4*v
Ladies’gents and children’s uuderflanneh
at Cogia Uassau’s, 129 Middle St.
Real Hair chignos, curls and switches re
ceived to day, at Cogia Hassan’s, 129 Middlr
St.
Get Briggs’ Corn and Bunion Remedier
Romna’ Lii I za T* __ __
Briggs' Allavantor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs’ Throat and Lung llealer.
Ladies’ should see the new (all styles of Mil
linery at Cogia Hassan’s 129 Middle St.
The November number of Wood’s House
hold Magazine is now ready. No other maga
zine of this country published at oue dollar a
year contains so much interesting reading by
popular authors as this. Besides a song, words
and music by W. T. Giife, this number con
tains origiual contributions by Harriet Beecher
Stowe, Kate W. Hamilton, John G. Saxe,
Theodore Tilton, Horace Greeley, Thomas K.
Beecher, Gail Hamilton, James Barton, Isaac
Waldron, Jennie Joy, Dio Lewis, M. D.. and
others. By addressing the publishers, S. S.
Wood Co., Newburg, New York, specimen
numbers may be obtained free.
The captain ot the schooner E. A. Horton
states that Cape Ann was the first land made
a1 ter leaving the colonial coast. On parting
with her aider and abettor, she kept well to the
south to reach the Gulf stream, then took a
wisterly course, aud first found soundings on
Georges Bank Sunday morning, in fifteen
fathoms ol water. She experienced the storm
ot Thursday, but received no damage. Saw
nothing of any gunboat, English or American.
A gentleman from the Northwest says the
fire in that section, though serious, wil. not
affeot the prosperity of the country in that
section.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO Tim DAILY pimss.
hunk.
VANCEBORO.
The Jtailroad Celebration.
Ccreinonli s at tlie Line.
THE MPKEC'HMO.
[Special by Intel lational Liue.l
Bangor, Oct 19 —The magnificent ovations
yesterday at Baugor were but a part of the
public exercises that sign tiled the completion
of the European North American Railroad.
At 8 1 2 o’clock this moruiag the train left
Bangor for Vanceboro, the point where the road
crosses into New Brunswiek, 114 miles from
this oity. The train stopped only lor wood and
water, running at a high rate of speed over the
road, particularly the older part, arriving at
Vanceboro at 12 40. At nearly every station a
crowd bad collected to see the President, but
all these were destined to be disappointed, lor
the train swept by at lull speed. Ooly once
lid it stop, and that time at Danforth Mills.
200 or 300 people from that sparsely settled re
riou had gathered,and there the tiain halted
ind a hand shaking took place. As' the train
neared Vanceboro a salub- was fired from the
)ld gun “Independence,” taken from the
•iver near Bangor, where it had lain nearly a
nindred years. The JiJmesou Guards, Capt.
iVhir.e, did escort duly. The train bringing
be St. John and Houlton people arrived be
ore, and there was a large concourse already
here. A large tent, 85 by 210 feet, tastefully
lecorated and set with an elegant collation
or about 1300 guests had been prepared, and
vas HHed’tbrougbout.
The diuuer over, the other exorcises began,
’resident Jewett spoke appropriately of the
uterprise, by what means it bad been accom
tlished and what was anticipated from it5 He
.lluded to the importance ol the event, sd^lm
(ortaut that His Excellency, the President ol
he United States, deemed it of sufficient im
lortance to show his appreciation of it by bis
President, which was the signal fur rounds of
applause, in which the Dominion people,whose
numbers had been greatly augmented, vied
with our own.
The President responded very briefly, refer
ring to the happy occasion and to his laith in
the permanence of its good results to the two
Governments.
Lord Lisgar was next called, and our cheers
were lull as hearty as were the demonstrations
with which his people greeted our President.
Lord Lisgar addressed his own people more
particularly in reference to the ratification of
the treaiy of Washington.
Gov. Wilmot, of New Brunswick, next re
sponded in bis very able manner, lie said
ihat the Eugland of 1871 was difl'-reut from
ibe Eugland of 1775 Now provinces were
consulted; then the Government was simply
an oligarchy. The people were consulted in
reference to a treaty now; never then. He
told his people that he had challenged Maine
at Bangor to enter the lista for the greatest
progress in civilxation. He said that the start
was against his people because the free school
system of Maine was established, while they
were just starting.
Gov. Perham being called oo, responded in
his happiest effort. He seemed to be fired
with the inspiration of the hour. He said that
the two peoples were getting so m xed with
the occasion that be did not know it they could
be picked out. Ho thought that Gov. Wilmot,
iuto whose territory he was going,was as much
a Yankee as he. Then let the two great na
tions unite for the triumph of peace.
President Jewett hext referred to the impor
tant part that the mail system has been able
to perform in the cultivation of kindly inter
national feelings, and called upon Pos master
General Oreswed.
Mr. Creswell 'responded in the speech of the
day. He said that Lord Monson, the Secre
tary of the British bostal Department, sent
860,000,000 letters each year, and he 630,000,000.
Of this number twenty millions are sent be
tween the two countries. They could now
send a letter around the world. Said Mr. Cres
well, *T have just received a dispatoh from the
Postmaster General of New Brunswick, ask
ing for mail arrangements over 'lie European
North American Railroad. They shall hate
the best my department can afford.” Speak
ug in this vein he said mat he aud Lord Mon
son were timid about making extensive expen
ditures for new mail arrangemen's, for these
people may again get by the ears with a Trent
affair, or some Fenian may rush over the bor
der and get ns and himself into difficulty, and
then, my friends, the Secretary of War will
say to us, “Step back with your mails, we want
to fight.”
Gov. Wilmot gave his word that this should
not be, but insisted that Mr. Creswell put it
into the compact, that there shall be no conflict
of arms. Give ns the treaty of Washington.
I am from a fishing district and Gen. Butler
is from another, and he don’t want this treaiy.
Ben has got the anti-treaty lads, but changing
one word I will quote with St. Paul, “If by
eating fish I can cause my brethren to sin I
Will CiU UU U1UIC UJU.
Mr. Creswell continued at length with great
power for the treaty, which would enable these
two powers to be the peace-makers of the
world.
Hon. S. L. Tilley, Canadian Minister of Cus
toms, was introduced as oue of the firmest
friends of the road. He spoke at length. The
Provinces had given nearly fourteen millions
to build this road through toe Provinces. It
would pay. He said that he would bnild a
monument on the lines and surmount that
with all the national emblems of the two peo
ples blended into a wreath.
Mr. Annan, President of the Council of No
va Scotia, responded for the Governor o( Nova
Scotia, who was unable to be piesent, express
ing the interest of that province in the com
pletion of this great international work.
Speeches were made also by Mr. Emery, of
Bostou, a director, ex-Congressman Ela, of
New Hampshire, Dr. Boring, of Massachusetts.
The remarks of the latter, though eloquent,
were regarded a little ill-timed.
At this poll!} the President announced that
the lateness of the hour compelled the dismis
sal of the meeting, hut at ih>s point Secretary
Bobeson, in a telling manner, gave as a senti
ment in hoDor of the occasion—“The two peo
ples thus celebrating so important an event”_
aud expressing the thanks of the guests to the
company and people who have aftorded so rare
an entertainment.
Ex Governor Dennison, of Ohio, responded
most eloquently to the sentiment, when the
assembly broke up.
A Banquet ut St, John To-morrow.
A large party of the guests, including the
Governor aud his staff, went to St. John where
there will he a banquet to-morrow in their hon
or.
The Beinro to Bangor.
The Bangor train lelt at half past four and
made a quick run over the road, which is oue
of the best ever built in New Euglaud.
The President’s train left Baugor at 11 p. m.
for Portlaud. The side of the hills were white
with snow this morning and a snow storm
overtook us this evening as we returned. By
far the larger part of the company went to St.
Johus. Quiz.
[To Associated Piess.l
Biirthqu nkr.
Wiscasset, Oct. 19—A slight shock of
earthquake was felt here at 4.45 o’clock this
alteruoun.
Augusta, Oct. 19.—Quite a severe shock of
earthquake was felt here at twenty minutes
before fi o’clock to-day, lasting ten or twelve
seconds.
CAI.IFOKNI A.
The Election—I he Male Orel whelmingl!
Republican.
San Fbancisco, Oct. 19 —The whole Repub
lican and taxpayers tickets are elected in San
Fraucisco by Irion 1200 to 5000 majority. The
State is overwhelmingly Republican.
auil Commenced'
A suit has been commence! by Ibe Demo
crats of Tolono county to set aside tbe Sep
tember election of that county, ou the ground
that the aoiiou of the federal officials at Vaiejo
rendered a free ballet impossible.
MINNESOTA.
Reported ISiseovery of Gold.
St. Paul, Oct. 19.—Geu. Lemon, from Fort
Oany, repurts intense excitement iu Winue
peg ou acci uut of geld discoveries at Lake
Sbeboudawic. Specimens of dust nuggeits
quartz have be»u brought to Winuepeg and
hundreds are rushing to the new gold Aids.
ARIZONA.
The Apaches Attack a Mail Carrier's Par
ti.
A mail carrier’s party was attacked between
Tucson and Camp Crittenden, Arizona, on the
9th iust., by a baud of Apaches with whom
Vincent Collyer had just uradea treaty of
peace.
OHIO.
A Murder.
Cincinnati, Oct. 19.—William Brooks was
murdered in the suburbs of Ironton Tuesday
Bight.
H’O H KH4 1ST,
«bbat RIMTA>N.
The lleMlih of the Quen.
Nee York, Out. 19. -The World’s London
oorrespoudi-uc suvs that the condition of the
id teen is alarming and she may die at any mo
ment.
rERSIA.
Kaauiue ai*tl Anaratliy.
London, Oct 19 Later advices Iroin Te
heran show that IVrsia is still suffering Irotn
famine ana pestilence and the disorgauijutiou
which ih.-se calamities induced. The province
ot iviorassau has b< en iuvadeu and plundered
ny warlike traders.|Ia.nrrections have broken
out in various quarters, which the government
nnug it d mcuit or impossible to quell. The
province ot Jt'jrs is in open rehel ioii and guv
erument lroo( S have been diiven from ISInra
the capital ot thepiovtuce, winch is now held
by rebels.
FKARt'B.
Nnbacriplioun for liicago.
Paris, Oct. 19 —The amount contribute.I for
the reoei ol Chicago by Americans iu Paris is
131,055 I ranees.
BEU.V4NV.
i The the Treaty wuh France.
Berlin, Oct. 19.— I he emperor has approv
ed of ilie .reaty wuh France and ratifications
will be lomidabiy exchanged Saturday. Patii
meut to day tff-oied organization and Herr
Simson was reeleo*rd Presidcut.
BBAZIL,
1h« Mare y 4|ae«tiou.
New York, Oct.—From the late files of
Brazilian iournals are gleamed the following
tacts concern'ng recent legislative actiou in
Brazil ou the slavery question. One of the
bills wb«cli met the gieatesi opposition appro
priated $8,000,000 to be used to free about a
mil ion and a hair of slaves. The gronLd ot
opposition was the fact that this burn ol mon
ey was to .-mall, oue Senator saying, tbs will
would only iree 1,000.000 slaves per annum.—
A bill was finally pas ed appropriating much
larger sum, while the nay of each slave is put
at a very low figure. B\ this plan emancipa
tion will be gradual. Only chilureu bofu after
the passage or the act ou the 27ih will be at
ouce liberated.
CUBA.
Arrival of Troepe.
Havana, Ooc, 19. —The steamer Mendez,
runuiug irom Cadiz, brings Seuor Bomoualdo
Crespo de la Gm*rr, second governor of Cuba
aud family and 600 troops.
Veilow Fever ou Mhip Board.
The schooner Wm. Watm from Guimtma
for Baltimore with a cargo of sugar arrived«at
Santiago on the 18th inst. with all hands sick
with yellow fever.
Foreign Items.
Fears are still entertained of a Bouapartisfc
movement in France and the Government has
given strict orders to watch all suspicious per
BOUS.
unasguw nas given ioouu lor Chicago.
Victor Place, tried at Versailles for fraud in
tbe purchase of arms while consul at New
York, has been acquitted.
The court martial trying Communists has
convicted ninety one and acquitted 9000.
Rev. R. W. Church, the new dean of St.
Paul’s, was installed in London Tuesday.
The bullion in the Bank of Ragland has in
creased £181,000.
Ttie Demerara telegraphic cable has been
laid.
Hon. Mr. Mitchell, Minister of Marque, of
tbe Dominion, informs the Bangor agent of the
Associated Press that no vessel was ever sent
alter toe schooner E. A. Horton
ILLINOIS.
New Unglue* for Chicago.
Chicago, Oct. 19. —Six new steam fire en
gines arrived last nignt from New York, and
no further apprehension is lelt of safety from
fires.
The City Debt.
There have been many false reports circulat
ed in regard to the city and county debt. These
reports stated the city debt at $20,400 000. The
entire county debt does not exceed $5,000,000.
Genrrom Offer.
Wm. S. Johnson, owner of 200 lots in Mil
waukee avenue, oilers them reut tree for three
years tor the purpose of erecting cheap houses
for the homeless.
The Chicago lire not the Boult of Ker
osene.
Mrs. Leroy, of Dekoven street, in whose
barn the fire originateu, pronounces the story
false that the lire occurred owing to her carry
ing a kerosene lamp into the stable, as she was
in bed and asleep wheu the fire commenced.
Builoen Coming Up.
Business has assumed a taugible character
on Wabash aud Michigan avenues. Itmnense
quantities ot new goods are arriving. Money
matters quiet.
rassuge of Relief Bill*,
The Illinois House of Representatives yester
day passed a supplementary warehouse aud
Chicago exemption bills, boili of which were
important relief bills to Chicago.
The Value oi Laud ia the Burned District.
The first real estate transaction ol any mag
nitude since the fire were made ibis murning.
H. G. Hinsdale sold to V. B Byran land 42 ft
on D.-arborn Place by 82 lent on Randolph
street, in the burnt district, lor $50,000. Hin
dole bought the property a year ago for $40,
m Ann A CHC qCCTTH.
meeting of «rh**l Superintendent*.
Boston, O 1.19 —The semi annual meeting
of the New Ragland Association ol Supenu
ileUts oi public .-ohools was belli to-day lu tbe
school house on Mason streer. C. Morrill oi
Lowell, the president occupied the chair. Ai
the opening or rbe meeting ibere were only
twelve gentlemen present. Daniel Leach
of Provideuce was elecied president, and W.
Waterman.ol fanu'On secretary lor ensuing
year. Papers were read on "general reading
ol scholars" by A. D. Small of Newport, and
upon tbe‘ markiug system’ in public schools,
by Kmerson of Newtou and general discussion
followed. Papers were read also ou tbe subjects
oi securing ihe best teacbeis and a better at
tendance of the pupils,on the proper use of text
books and other matters of interest.
Mr. Pbilbrick offered the following, which
was adorned:
Resolved, That we consider the practice ot
markiug merit cf daily recitations ol pupils as
objectionable aud reccomarend its discontinu
ance We U .wever approve of and recommend
markiug ol uieiiton written examinations.
A committee was appointed te prepare a
course ot study for primaly, intermediate aud
grammar ami ungraded schools, and report at
the next meeting.
A meeting of the Teachers’ Association was
held at Lowell Institute in the evening. An
address was delivered by Dr. A P. Peabody ol
Cambridge, on tbe "study of words.” Prof.
Agassise of Cambridge also delivered au ad
dress.
lnsnvnnec Circular.
A circular and blank statement intended to
exhibit thrir financial condition and total losses
bv the Chicago fire, has teen addre-sed 10 the
officers ot insurance companies iu this city aud
State by Julius L. Clarke, insurance cornmls
sioner, requesting them to fill and return to
him immediately, or as soon as losses can be
faiily stated the schedule annexed,
NEW VlIRK.
Cheating a Mother-in-law.
Albany, (Jet. 19.—John C. Wiune, a broker
of New Turk, was put in jail to-day in default
ol $22 000, ou a charge of defrauding his lumb
er iu-iaw, Mrs. Josephine H. Boucher, of $15,
000.
The Livonia Winn the Vacht Race.
The Livonia won the race to day, beatiDg
the Columbia by 13 minuies.
Tamutrny Nomination.
Tammany Hall made nominations for State
Senate to-night, including Wm. M. Tweed,
Michael Norton, J. J. Bradley aud Henry M.
Genet.
Nomination of the Anli-Ttimmany Dem
ocrat*.
Tha County Convention of delegates of a re
form Democracy was held to-night. 400 dele
gates were present. The following nomina
tions were made:—For Sudgo of Supreme
Court, George C. Barren; for Judge of the
Common Pleas, Charles R. Davley; for Rrgis
ter, Franz Siegel.
During the session, Wm. C. Curtis said Tam
many intended frauds at tbe elections and the
oul.v remedy was to suspend repeaters and
fraudulent inspectors to the lamp posts.
WISCONSIN.
The Fire iu tbe Northwest.
Milwaukee, Oct. 19.—The Dow County
Advocate contains full accounts of loss ot life
aud property by tbe great fire in that county.
Up to Sunday uighc. 8th iost, fires had been
raging through tbe towns ol Brussels, Union,
Gardiner, Forrestville, Clay, Banks, Neauan
po, Sturgeon Bay, Sevastopol, burning fences
and timber, but leaving houses untouched—
At 9 o’clock Suuday night a tornado of fire
swept down ft out tbe southwest beginning at
the Belgiau settlement ia Brussels, sweepirg
through the towns ol Union and Gardiner, the
wentei n part ol Sevastopol aud over tbe east
shure of the bay, consuming every building.
At Williamson’s shiugle mill everything burn
ed, and a most awful destruction of human life
ensued. Out ot eighty persons, fifty five burn
4*11 fcl) (1 C.l Il
The survivors tell horrible tatei of the
!Ci-ne after the tire. Forty tlvc bodies were
lound in a potato patch in the centre ot a clear
ing. 0'hers were tound scattered in various
places, some in wells, and some ci-figured in
a lerriole manner. The great destruction was
the work ot 15 mines and the same tornado
that burned Pesihigs and 1200 per.-.ons.
washinhtos.
Naval 4'banges.
Washington, Oct. 19.—Pay Director Abbott
has been ordered to duty as the inspector of
clothing and provisions at the Pi rtsmouth
Navy Yard.
Pant. Shuieldt has been detached from the
command ot the Wabash and placed on wait
ing orders.
Paymaster Harris is placed on waiting or
ders.
IHKTEORtl LOGICtlu
Syuoptia ot Ura.b-r ReparlM for the pas
I w. lily-Pout- lloura.
Wah Dpp't, Office Chief Signal 1
Officer, \V a- Imii l’' on. 11 C.,
Oct 19,(7.00 P. M.)J
The low pressure will probably move over
N^w Eugland to-night, with brisk winds aad
hut little clouuless. rL'be wiuds will probably
diminish on tne lower Lakes, and pleasant
weather will continue Fr'day very geuerally
east of the Rocky Mountains.
TENNESSEE.
Verdin Against the publishers of a News
pi per Berersed.
Nashville, Oci. 19 —The Supreme Pouit of
Tennessee has reversed the veraict ot $27,000
against Saunders Jack, newspaper publish
ers, thr printing the speech ot Gen. ftlabey, de
nouncing Baxter.
Utah.
The HfeMrhiua Adultery Cane.
Salt Lake City, Oct. 19— In the case o
Hawkins, the polygamist, charged bv his tiisl
wife with adultery a jury tiually wa, empan
elled this aliernoon and the trial couimenci d.
Ti e first witness called was hig true wife. She
t> stifled positively to the cohabitation of her
husband with two other women in her home.
To morrow her daughter, now married, will
take the staud.
TKhKUHAPH ireius.
The case of Mrs. Fair, the 8 m Francisco
murderess, is set dowu for the 24ib in iho Su
p rerne court.
Ship Black Hawk, has sailed from San Fran
cisco 'or New York.
Dr. Geo. F. Jelly of Salem has beeu appoint
ed superiu'eurleut of the McLenu Insane As
lyurn vice Dr. Tyley.
Weather Report—Oct. ID-11 P. M.flB
War lteparimenr, Signal Service U. S. Army, Di
vl-lon or Telegrams and Kopons tor the benetlt or
Commerce.
M
5.o
I
Place I I f 3
o. a i i
^s 3 9 vs
observation. g
■a g 8 2
h .s
S a
.2»0O 62 SW Fair
O iarluston.s.c.,30 ,T 64 aim Viear
Cheyenne,W.T. 29.54 41 w
O licago.30.is r,2 NE ft*"
Cleveland...30.09 52 nw Clear
Oormne. Utah..29.64 59 Nw
Key West ....30 02 NR Falr 8
CiOianapoUs... .30 00 59 Calm
Ml. Washington 29.55 zl n\v j )eJ
New Lon,ion ..26 70 55 w c ear
New Orleans. ...30.22 64 E C ole
fNa7r m°,k-" •29t° M HW c!®«
orf'lk.3,1.08 51 S Clear
Omaha. 30 03 59 (.ahu ti ,zv
Pits-burg.30 05 59 SW Clear
Portland.29 62 4a SW Fair
San Fraucisco. .3118 67 SW Cle»r
Savannah.30.26 63 Ca'm Clear
Washington 29.93 54 SR Clear
Wilmington_30.25 67 SW Clear
Montreal, 0. E 29 50 39 W Lt (lain
Barometer corrected lor temperature and elevation
Heme.
There were seventeen bids for gold in New
York yesterday, amounting to $2,620,001, from
111.50 to 112 87. The two millions advertised
will go at from 112.53 to 112 87.
The $500 champion cup was won by De For
est Wednesday in the shooting match on Long
Island.
J. Dago, a conductor, was crushed to death
iu New York Wednesday night.
A thousand German real estate owners have
formed an anti-Tammany organization in New
York.
Tbe wholesale dry good* dealers in New
York are putting up prioes on acoount of the
Chicago fire.
Parkei extensive planing mill in Philadel
phia was burned Wednesday night. Loss $40,
000; iosured.
An unknown German blowed his brains out
in tbe woods near New York Wednesday.
A Frenchman Darned Trickey was run over
by an express train at Laconia, N. H., on
Wednesday, H# had his head, one arm aDd a
foot severed (rom his body. He was about 20
years of age, f nd was probably intoxicated at
tbe time of the acoideut.
Wednesday an infant was cut in two by a
train on the Harlem Railroad.
Schooner Oliver capsized iu New York bay
Wednesday, drowning the cook.
The steamship City ol Brooklyn took out
$27,000 in specie.
There was a rumor on Wall street, New
York, yesterday that a $400,000 defaUatiou had
been discovered in Philadelphia.
Carrie Chase was fatally, but accidentally,
shot by J. Hogan Wednesday evening in a
house in E'izabeth street, New Y< rk.
The Loriilard Fire Insurance Company has
suspended. Assets, $1750.000. Their liabil
ities are unknown. 6. Norwood is appointed
receiver.
The wife and daughter of Frederick Tiel
man, iu Bloomfield, N. J., were found dead
yesterday, evidently poisoned. The husband
has been arrested.
Mayor Hall says be will not receive Duke
Alexis io au official capacity, but will co-oper
ate with the reception committee.
Maggie Mitchell sent $500 to Chicago.
The Pacific Insurance Company will con
tinue business,
Tbe grand iury at the Court of Sessious at
Burliugtou, found au indictment against Wal
lace P. Hart, a member of the Broom county
Bar, for abducting a girl under thirteen years
of age for prostitution; also against Alderman
Morgan, of New York, for an assau't unon Al
derman Sedgwick in the Common Council
chamber.
The Insurance Convention, in session at
New York,has decided to memoralize Congress
to except life policies from the action of the
bankrupt act. A committee of three was ap
pointed to report the best method of winding
up iosolveut companies.
Two <x depu y collectors have been convict
ed of embrzzlemeut in tbe United States Dis
trict Court. One, Gen. R. Bowerman, is sen
tenced to four years' imprisonment and to pay
a fioe of $2340, and the other, Col. Tbomas J.
Wilson, gets three years and a fine of $3180.
Ouh enterprising contemporary, of the Ban
gor Whig, is entitled to great credit fot its very
fall and accurate report of tbe proceedings on
tbe occasion of the reception of Gen. Grant.
Its report is one of the a ost notable achieve
ments io tke history of Maine journalism.
COM iUKHC IAL,
Foreign Kxpun.
mniauuru, t IV. -IUI Cj Ablcfstjr-OH 1)0IS
mackerel, luO boxes codfish, 500 do herring, i00 bbls.
potatoes.
ST. JOHN. NB. Schr The Star-950 bbls. flour.
10 tons erue. 6 hbdv 6 bbls. and 5 half bbls. ale. 30
bbls. wh skey, 102 do refined oil.
Foreign Imports.
HALIFAX, N. S Steamer Carlotta—1o pkgs
merchandise to John Porteous, 3 boxes halibut, to
Capt. 'olr.y; goods for Montreal, Toronto, New York
and Boston.
Hecripts by Kiailraadi aad XteambonU.
Steamer Mqntreal from Boston—50 boxes
cheese 50 bdis steel, 26 bbls. apples, 10 hb's. and 10
quarter cask# liquor, 15 firkins but'e-. 56 coils cord
ge, 22 kegs lead, 20 o ds. dye stuff, 10 carboys, 80
bb*8 poik, 10 hhds. sugar, 25 boxe« tin, 53 boiler
tubes. 8 p ate* iron, 61 pc9 marble, 14 <a*ks nails, 10
tcs lard 15 dose washb >ards, 2 horse*. 50 firk ns laru,
casks oil. 50 cases canned i«nlt, 100 pc kgs to order
For Canada an<l up c'motrv—30 b« xes oandiis. 4
80»p stone stoves, 7 ca*ks oil, 100 boxes empty cans.
1)0 biles rags. 4 do paper, 1 wagon and i horse, 20
hdls steel, 362 bats iron, 15 bags dye wood, 50 bales
wool, 75 pckgs to order.
New York Miock aid Monev iflarkei.
^New York, Oct. 19—Morning.—Geld opened at
Money at 7 per e*it. Sterling Exchange at 108i
There were seventeen bids for Gold amounting to
$2,620,000, lrout ltl 50-100 to 112 87-100. The two
million advertised will go at 112 53-l<)0 to 112 87-100.
t he lo'lowmg were tue quotations for Union Pa
cific securities:
Central Pacific bonds.... if03
Unton Pacific bonds. $4
Union Pacific stock.....* 21|
Union Pacific land grams.69J
Union Pacific income bonds. 71
New York,Oct. 19—Evening.—Money in sharp
demand in the earlier part ot ihe dav, but clo*ei *t
5 7 per cent, sterling Exchange firmer at 1084
10bf »or long.
OnM lower and quiet, closing pretty steady at 112|
The4loans were from 2 [er cent, per annum to 11-16
per day; the cle.iriugs amounted to $48,000.
Government* were dull and weak under the de
cline in Gol'\ and also by further sales by the insur
ance companies.
State bonds weak on South Carolina’s and others
are a eady.
Stocks strong and bullish feeling exists. Reading
Jed the market, advancing 4 per cent, under a sc»r
citv ot ca>h *toca. The disbursement ot three mil
lion seven bund ed thousand ot currency by the
Treasury relieved the stringency by the Money
market and carried the stocks up
The following are the closing quotations ot Gov
ernment securities:
United States coupon 6’s, 1881.1152
United States5-20’s 1862.u.vl
United states 5-20’s 1864.ll.u
United States 5-20*g 1865, old.113J
United States 5-20’s Jan and Ju.y...1124
United States 6-20’s, 1867....tlva
United States 5-20’s, 1868. 112*
United State? l0-40s., coupon.10h|
Currency 6’s...UUj
The following are the closing quotations ot
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 573
Pacific Mail..
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated... 8t.i
N* k. Central Hudson River consolidated scrip. 84
4
Harlem......’.120
Harlem preterred..
-ceading. 106$
Michigan Central.115
Lake Shore Si Michigau Southern.93
Illinois Ceutral.133
Cleveland Si Pittsourg. 115
Chicago Si North Western. 55
Chicago North Western preterred.85}
Chicago Si Rock Island. 97$
Milwaukie St. Paul. 54
Pittsrmig Si Fort Wayne.... 96
koiueatic IHarketM.
Nkw York, Oct 19-Evening.—Cotton dosed
quiet and $c lov'er; sales 1074 1 airs; Middling u»>
la ds at i9$'\ Flow quiet and toe lower; sales 88C0
H>ls.; Stair 6 00 a 7 40; round hoop Ohio 6 95 7 50;
Western 6 00 7 75; southern 7 15 9 25. Wheat
s ighny in buyers lavor; sales 132,000 bush.; No. I
Spring 1 52$ 1 53*; No. 2 do at i 48 a> 15'; Wint r
lied Western 154 (a) 158; White Michigau l»0@
1 70 Com a shade lower; *»aiei 1 *4,000 b**sh.; Mixed
ai 75 in store; 76$ atloiit. Oats dull; sales 29,000 bush,
at 50 .a} 5lc tor Western, licet quiet. P *rk dull and
heavy mess at 13 25 'a) 13 37. Lard steady at y]
10$. Buttei dull. Whiskey steady; Western tree 95
(jgi l*5‘c, mostly at former Bice quiet; Carolina 8 (eg
9c. Sugir lu mod rate request; Muc*>vado 9;« 92;
(air to g<>od refl Ing9@9f. Coftre quiet *mi firm
Kio 8 20$. Mol *asts dull. Naval Storey—Spp it*
Tarpentine tirm at 70 71c. Hosin at 4 20*^4 25
tor staim-d. Petroleum quiet; crude 14Ac; refined
24 Tallow firmer 9 9$
Freights to Liverpool easier; Wheat, per steam, Ilf
ll$d; do sail lOjd.
Cinoinn ATI, Oct. 19 —Provisions quet and weak.
Pork at 12 75 13 00. Lard at 9$ 9.1c; Bulk m- ats,
shoulders 6$c; sides 7f@8c, no sales Live Hogs
dull and a shade lower; sales at 4 00 4 40.
T^Lkdo, Oct. 19.-Four dull and unchanged.
Wheat du 1 and declined2c; No. 2 wed Winter 1 39;
No. 3 Hed do 1 32. Corn dull a- d unchanged; huh
Mixer! 56 ror new; I w Mixed 55 #or new grade 55*.
Oats dull and a shade lower; No. 2 at 37$.
t'-barlkmton, Oct. 19—Cotton quiet; Middling
uplands lb$e.
savannah, Oct. 19.—Cotton in good demand but
tending downward; Mantling aplands at 18| J8$c.
Muuilb, Oet. 19.—Cotton quiet; Middling uplands
l«R I
f>> Oct. 19 *-Oo*roo quiet; MWiJIlng
uplands 18 Jc.
__
f«rn^d iliHrsetl*
Liverpool. Oct. 19- 10.30 t. M.—Cotton dull;
Middling uplands 9*d; do Orleans tod; salos 10,000
bales.
London, Oct. 19—11 30 A. M.—Consols opened at
93 lor money and accouut.
American securities- U. S. 5-20s, 1862, 96*; do 1*65
old, 90*; do 1867,9i*, U. S. 10-40* 88*.
Fbankf-*rt, Oct. 19—11.30 A. M.—United States
5-20’s 1862 96*.
Paris. Oci. 19—A. M.—R* utes at 571 ?c.
LO'Don.o t 19-130 1*. M. Consols 9.J for money
an 1 a< count.
Liverpool. Oct. 18—1.30 P. M.—Cotton closed
dun; Bits lu.OflO bales.
London, <X-t. 13—Ev nlng.—The amount of btr
llon in .ho Bank of England.has decieased £181,000
during the past week.
London, Oct. 16—Evening.—Consols closed at 92*
tor money and account.
American securities—U. S. 5-20’» 1862, 90*; do U65
old, 90* do 18.17, 9 U. S. 10 40s. 88*.
Paris Oct. 19-4 40 P. M.—Rentes opened at 57i
20c.
Liverpool, Oct.. 19—4 30 i\ M Cotton closed
dull; Middling uplands 9*(c$9*c; do Orleans 9*
lOd.^1 allow 37sOd.
Bomou Mtock List.
Sales at the Brokers’ Board, Oct. 18.
United States r>-20s, 1»67..
July 1863,. 111|
Maine S‘afe Slx°s. 1989. JJJ
Centrd Pacific KUTa.
Unto** Pacific R B sixes Jf*
P»*pperell Manmactunng Omnium y. 641 j
Bat s Manufacturing Company.• J
Michigan Cental tiailroad....
«!:mr»*rn Kw'ir«ao
Union Pacific Railroad 21*
Union Pacific Lain! Grant. Sevens.. 7f’i
Vermont Central 1st mortgage Bonds. 83
ENTERTAIN M ENTS.
The Course of Six Lectures
ZOOLOGY,
PROF. ROW. S. MORSE,
OF BOWDOIN COLLEGE,
Will commence
On Thursday Evening, October 10,
-IN THE-* Hfc
Army and Navy Union Hall.
The remaining lectures will be giveu October ‘AO,
96, 97, Nov# tuber 3 and lO.
Tickets for the Course, Two Dollars. A limited
number may be bud a* Oerrish an I Pearson’s. 86
Middle at., where subscribers are requested to supptj
themselves
D <ors open at 7; Lectures commence at 8. ocl0-9t
CITY HALL!
PORTLAND.
Immense Attractions.
Three Nights Only.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
OCT. 19. 90 and 91.
Villa Miner’*
Comic Opera and Comedy Troupe!
MR SAM E VILLA.
The Prime ot Comics and Burlesques.
MISSAQ nES WALLACE,
the Peerless Commedienne.
And al o those Celel rated Artists, the Chan> pious 0)
the world, i their Songs aud Dalcls,
DELEBANTI HENGLEB!
Together with 20 Brilliant Stars of the profession, and
GEO HUE \V. FLOBEIf Oft’*
Celebrated New York Stiver Band and Orchestra,
For farther particulars see mammoth Posters.
Doors ouen at 7 o’clock. Curtain rises at 8 o'clock.
Admission 85c. Reserved Sears 0
Sale ot Keterved Seats will commence at Hawes A
Cragin W. KttD, Agent.
ocl4 w
Forest City Park
Match, for SIOO.OO.
Saturday, October 21, 1871.
Lewis Brackett names bay g. Plough Boy.
A. Abbotr names r. g. (Jo >d Templar.
I he above race to be mi;e heats, best three in
five to harness, and to be trotted according to
Fashion Rules.
Trotting to begin at 2| o'clock.
Admission 50Cents.
Good day good track.
ocl9td* JOHN 3. HKALD, Proprietor.
MR. A. B. OEE,i
Will receive scholars for instruction In
DANCING!
Wednesday and Saturday Aiter
nooiiH at 3 1-2 o’clock,
AT
Army Navy Union Hall,
octlfkilw
CITY HALL.,
Monday 'Tuesday Eve,ngsi
OCTOBER 93d 94ih.
Excellent dt Dtjytng Competition
By the famous
DUPRIZ BENEDICT’3
World Renowned Original New Orlear s
Mammoth Gigantic Minstrel*.
Of twenty ears' organization.
Doub'e Troup) and bra** Band
The Great Cbiei Monaichs of M.nstrelsy,
C in posed ot a
Begiment of Acknowledged Master Artists
On their twentieth annual successful Tour’
introducing th°ir Original, Various Specialities.
The oldest organized, and most reliable, and th«
largest coin pie>e Tr> u<»e in Am-rica. Annoi ncing
to «p« car as ab >ve In a Ca*niv*l Entcrtainweat o,
uuequal'ed Br Hi incy. Origina iiy ami Merit.
DnO'S open ot 7 Legislature sirs ot 8 o'clock.
Admission as usual. C, H. Dupeez, Manager.
octIO 20 21 2J&24
CITY HALL
Grand Family Matinee,
-ON
Tuesday A lte»n«on, October 34th
AT 9 1-9 O'CLOCK,
FOR THE 2
Chicago Sufferers
Duprez Benedicts
Gigantic Minstrel!!.
The entire receipts of the entertainment to be
ri*ced ,u ibe hands ot the Houtfrsble Mr. Kingsbury,
Mayor of Port>aud. to bo forwarded to Mr. Ma>on,
Mayor ol Chicago.
Admission reduced to25 ct*, to afford Schools and
Famii'es to attend wi'h their children.
oc!7tdCriAS. H. DUPRKZ, Manager.
M. L. A.
Twenty-Second Annual Scries
-OF
ENTERTAINMENTS,
Under the auspices of the
Mercantile Library Associa’n
COMMENCING
At Oity Hall, Wednesday Evenioa.. 0ot25,
WITH a
NEW LECTURE
BY
John R. Gough, Esq.,
Subject “Will It Pay?”
To be followed by
Rev, Henry Ward Beecher,
Kftou Carl Nehurz of Dio.,
Rev E H. fhupin,
Hou. James T. Fi-ld, of Boston.
Rev. C. G Ames of Mlifornin.
Hon. David A Wells of Washington,
Geo. W. Curtis Esq.
WConcert by the Poitlind B^ud before each
Leonre.
Tickets to the course, HI 50. For sale a4 the us
ual plaos. M«n>bes ricse>s (each member betnr
entitle*! to two) $1 00; to be obta.ned at I. 0. Stock
bridge’s music store, >56 Excdange idrect.
The gtl'ety s-ats will be revived lor the course at
$100»a«ta The sale ot reserved seats will eom
mence at l. C. Srocknrulge’s, 156 Exchange '««treet,
Saturday morning. Oct. */1st. at 9 o’clock. Evenma
tickets 50 cents. Doors opened at 6 l 2. lecture at
7 1-2.
A Supplementary lourse by Ladies
Will Commence
WediifSday, January 3rd.
The following have already been engaged:
MRS. EMILY SHAW FOR*MAN.
MISSS KATIE STANTON,
MRS. CELIA BURLKIOH,
MISS KATIE FEfONOLDS,
MRS. VICTORIA C. WO >DHULL.
The r ric« of tickets to the suj.p ementary course
will b announced a- soon as tne hi iangfmeets are
c inple*ed Purelias r§ ot tickets to the regu'ar
cj .rse will be allowed a liberal discount in purchas
ing to tuis course.
COMMITTEE:
H. F. Furbish, C. E. dose,
J.C.Pr-cer, t H.Ha-kell,
Win. K. Wood. Henrv Fox.
J.Q. llc»
ocS-dtoc?6
Clmiee Holier.
150 Tubs of New York and
Vermont Jiutler.
Fall make; selected'rom the best dairy*. Just
received at 2! Exchange »f.
AAIION R. ALDRICH CO.
octtMseod*
IF VOIJ WAIT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
GO TO
Palmer’s 132 Middle Street
ES** lu"uj 01 1
-KNTERTA1NM ENTs.
gj Mtt. A. J. LOCKE
/d|S Will 0|>en a SCHOOL
F»iJaf PIroning, O.iober 97tfc,
AT
LANOA8TEK HALL
For t'.e Instruct on of
Fancy J_>ances*
In all the tarjrito blanches gw~b ia
Units.**, PolkM, Komi on Uip Units, Ac.
I he term to «onai'»t cf tw*'»0 1 b nn^. Lidlei'
Ha will meet a 7 Y m. Geui* at v m. i a .1 a, ua«
OeBta f6. o*l7rd
IVLUSI JHALLTf 0 RT«. AND
NEW YORK 8 TaB WILBURN
Ml Pit HI UK 1. lira GREAT U.VG1BO.
Grand l)ramaUo Event,
Two NIGlirs 0>» T.
Thursday Friday,
Ot TOR R 19th A HOlli, 1971.
MTbe New York an'* Ro.*oo *<tar orolqn*
whoae|.e» eil 200 u gtiia inn 1 nil m U*o
lhenlre, N. T.,and .lio MusOim, o. t n.
I THE GUV AT .tlll.HIH.N
Will sustain severa char.etcr* la birjetig**
nnl cou'l.i Drama, suiltled
Love and Pride,
LIP1K 1D11) DUE 111
AND
GROIGM)VK DJkVCFI
BiUHTED BY HU
COMBINATION.
UTbe only Mllbnrn will alto appear a*
nip VAN WIVKIiK.
R Introducing a Vag.enl Tranen.nuatlou Itorn
YOG G to *»GD
Thu Juvenile Star Mi>L E uiUDELL and
Mr. J, H. OnLbU.tr>,
NWHl give Burie quo Im person Motts. to be
lot owed by
The Onfy MVburn,
n his celebrated ELISCTnl-3 SKETCH E>, which
*hich be th the :.»mp<>a*r; *»i4 hi. latest. Po
litical Hit, TAMMAhY laD.iEAM Nii.
Admission 33 and 60 ceu»*. Keterved 8#its
cent*. May be had ot Hawes Cia*n,T il d t o
st Portland, aud at tbe B x Ortloo ol lue Muslo
Hall. ocl3dl*
Ltctura and Concert Stas.cn.
i8yi...isya.
A Grand Series oi firsi-clast Con erts and iec»i*#y
are announced lor the c >uiing »au*on under >ho au
pices ot toe
Portland Arnty aud Nary Union
AT CITY HAIL.
C3F~B/ unanimous vote ot the **o<:ieiy -ne-el^h 4
ot the uet proceeds o< th** coono will ot doutiei to
1 he Marne General Ho-pi A
Tbe cour-o will openThurnday Evening No
vember il, with 4«iaud Vocal aud lustra
■ucutal Concert by tue
Germania Band Orchestra
O" BOSTON;
Aulaled by .Tin. II. M. Mull b.
Grant! 1 one* riot tbe Season I
We have posl lvoiy erg iged
Madame J*AREP A ROSA
-AND
ADELAIDE PHILLIPS.
assisted by Mi Packard Teooie; 6Jr t<ud ipb-eu,
Basso. This Grand C rrprt wl i r»*r under the dues
tion of UtKMAN.N KOTZiCftfM AK.
Third Concert by the
KREIJTZCH
Assisted by Miss Ne'li,* B rkor. Mrs. Q. M. Cum*
ming., and ada Cory.
Fourth CONCbUT by toe
Mendelssbon Quct-tt3 Club
OC Boston, (TwrDlj-’brd .easo’t
Asulsted by A ni Qrang.r D.w.
LKCTUllKB.
ANNA E. DICKINSON, of Fh:lvW
Subject: -‘Demagogue, and Worklugui.ii."
Rev W. L.Gaite ot Hartford onn
Subject: “Ptrperor W lliam a d his Gmergls,"
HON. THOMiS FITCH,
(Late U. S. Senator,) ot Nevada Subject! *‘8«'alps
and Qu iWets.”
BAM’L L. CLEMEN fM larkTw ii) cf B Y.
1 The tu'l Portland pan i will luruls'a music ou the
even tig* ol the Lector*-*.
Reason Tic-eis. hduiltring'o the en he course of
Lectures ant Concerts. *ij OO tor sale «e?*-r alert.
Members* Tic-er« 81 OO ah member belli* en
tiiied <o two) t beobt*. m oi their »Bui.r, 1) P.
H. Lath bar i. Ev.-uii.g ticke a to Con en iiviu 60o
tofl. Th- Gallery ea.s wt l bo lO erv-d oi -e#
coime at $1 each. Sale to cum me uco Mvnuav Oct.
16th, atW. Gllkey «ft Co.’s.
A Supplementary C» use <d rbre* popular L.eturws
oo Natural History, by
PROF. E. 8. MORSE,
wilt commence alter the close ot the tegular o ts*fe,
a* Army and Navy Union G ill. urcoasers u r>f«
uLr c ur e tickers will e admitted at r« due_■»# ra e*«
.Per order Committee—f G. Patiersm Thus J. it
tie, A. I. Hodsdon. D. P. H. Locahar J. 1-. Vt«
liatn-, Joseph A. Perry,aud G. K. Lomoard. rcthf
AUCTlOiN SALiisj
Valuable Real Estate
AT AUCTION I
Administratrix Sale.
PURSUANT to license Horn the Jim rt of Pj».
bale lor Cumb rlatul County, I 9u II offer ft
pal»lic auction, on tbe piem-sr**. \,u hnuay \j t jg
1871. hi 2 o clock p in.. tbe (>ou)*-«te'i4 i ite fot*
DavH W Kicbard.-ton, *i!iiai*d in Deer ng, ht s»t*
vens Plain*, so ailed, near tbe Puna d Century
consist Ug ol a one and u hAil s ory bou-e any obt
acie oi ecHxl land, very desirable lor gauie Ing.
Fur luither particula'a, enquire oi at emu* Inch
arilxiu, near tbe premises.
M A RCIA A R!CIIAEr»80V# goy
The above sale was postponed to Jfnd-y, c«t. 20.
At 3 p. m.
Term* easy.
ociaitd F. O. BAILEY Co., AiuVr$
Horses, Carriages, Ao. ai auciIou
ON Saturday Oct21,t, at II A M, In Market tar
we shall red
1 Bay n«>t-?e, 8 years old. w*1g'u 1J09; a good
w rk ln»r e. sound <nd kind.
1 new style tide s ilng wag^n.
1 two seat Reach Wagon.
1 Kiru^aM Patent Bt.x nuggy
1 Kimball Sb tuna Ton.
1 Vi ai tin and Hen cell Side Spr'ng Wagon.
1 Mde spring, two seat Beach'Wag n.
Npw and aecoi d-cauu Hattie*****, Kobe*, Blankets,
Whips, Ac.
cuOid F. O. BAILEY a CO., Auctioneers,
Wooden Buildiugr, Bululiuj; Ma
terial, &c. at Auction.
ON Tuesday, cci 24ib, at 1 1 2 p *1. *f h >u«e oq
souihwest corner oi ante xnd Pine nrc«t«, we
sbal' sell a lot ot «itx>ig. each, blinds. Ac.
A'so a wooden bulking iu rcai oi lku*e,
Sale positive
F» BAILEY Sc C’O* Auctioneer*.
oct 30 dtd
EXECUTOR’S SALE
FURNITURE
At Auction.
BY virtue of a license iwr Him John A. Waler
nian. Judge oi Pini.e sdihm and lor 'h Oun.
t» o' Cuinb i land, I th11 *ef ai nub I auc tun on
TCESDaY.Oct. >7tb,ai 10 a. in,, ar bouse d F j
street, the loliownigpersonal oopcity, to -1 :_i0.
la,dial a, Easy Chairs, Fiench Plain A'iirurr, Tl.r
Car l and Centre tables, Uituiaars. Rollers, si j.I
eels Carpet*. Hat-tree. Dining Tab> acu Cbjna
Secretary, Walk Tub', Crockery, Cailer'v is'
Chamber Sett B. W. Bateau Mahor »ey Beds tea
aid Chair*, Lounge, I gan i »r «is, Ha'i >i.
tiass. Feather Bod. *4. R ank. ts, toeaiher with (La
Cook Stove and KLcheo Fund ute.
LEWIS P EKCB,
Ex. ot batata ol J. 0. Brook*.
J2F“The above sale is postpomd lu lUbSDil,
Oct 24th.
F. O. H tll.Ev hi CO., Aaeuosien
Desirable House, corn*-r of atpracB
unit Emery sireet*,
AT AUOTiuN.
ON Lues lay. October 24i* a- S p 1*4, w- shall *el
the very il sirab e roper ty oh l lie umn tree*
come ol Spruce and Eiuuy The huu-e s i«o
sior* wuu rti'uu m ay iuo'u» nrup.e
close's, Le-»ted with Magee .uruace; got fixitur
throughout; pleatv of water.
ring hoii'c w&« bint a oat two year* i;u la
thorough and wor^n au'ue uiuuuer,
1 he lot lt> ot good
'ihi leva ion Is one ot ihe best,
Thu* propei ty wil> he Sold upon en»y term* of par.
ment Hr u uiiti-t attract fho aiteutiOii ot any one
wishing a g« u'eei i evidence
B.IiLKi A. C«,, Aucliourtn.
_oclOutd
Very desirable Cioperiy, loruif ot
Free unit Oak sis., aC
AUcll, n.
ON TUESDAY, OOT. Mth at u M„ WB h
tbe very des.rmula Pmpert, c, rncr ot .,V!
Oak ms. r.tldence ,1 the late J c; Um.,w “J
Saul property ces s's ot a subs anilal au I .all
rj"nfete*el llUJ'i®, WUl‘ 9Ubl)> "oodabetl.
OaknSt!’* “45 r**' Fm (Ml on
Thlaianniot tbe duett locations la the e tv a
wW oe a poattive sale. Xe.B., a»,y ,ld ^d.*’
L«wT, w'rc"P*;t1Ca'*ri °*U 90 W‘W- or
oetlT.d F. 0. BAILEY O^tufrs.
K. It. HUNT,
Commission SLerohant and Anotioneex
N?^.8IG.C°**re9R 9t-i will sell every event’;*
i i large assortment of Staple and Fancy Gnodf.
itoous will be mho during the dny m 'ots to *ul
purchasers at wholesale prices. Cu-di advamen n
nesenptious oi goods Ocnh.g'jmcuts uot limited.
February if. isi;h dr»
SKEWS SKEW i
BUSHKIS New T mn bv‘•eedi oHo
Clover ana Rid Top »ox by
KESHA LI* WHITSET.
Portland, Sept t, 1$71. ftepSdll I*