£be cilorastti Hails
IN PUBLISHED FVKRY MOBMYKL
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED,)
At per year, if paid strictly in iulvhiics
<>lh mi Imv, 75 4'<*nts per Month*
{The rftassaebusefts Spu,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 1770.
IB PUBLISH Eli EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
Al $9 per Annum.
J D. ISA I.D WIN «V CO., Proprietors.
NO. DI MAIN STREET.
vv I orc ester f Oailp
r
CITY NEWS.
The elect ion of a major of the State Guard is
to take place to-morrow night.
The contributions of post 10, (J. A. IL, to the
Chicago fund was $250, instead of S2OO, as orig
inally reported.
An enthusiastic meeting of the labor refonn
er- was held in Upper Horticultural hall, last
evening. Mr. I). Parsons presided, and the eve
ning was occupied in a general discussion of the
subject.
The superior court, criminal term, began its
October session in this city, yesterday. Judge
Devens presiding. The grand jury will occupy
two or three days in their investigation of cases,
and probably report on Thursday, when the
trials will begin.
At a meeting ot directors of the Bay Slate fire
insurance company, held yesterday, a dividend
of five per cent was declared to stockholders of
the 20th hist., payable Nov. Ist, which leaves a
surplus of assets of over one hundred thousand
dollars above ils present capital of $104,800.
The directors also voted to immediately increase
this capital to 5200,000. This places this stand
ard company' on a much stronger basis for busi
ness than ever before.
City Mortality.—The number ot deaths in
Worcester during the week ending Oct. 1-1, was
81, including seven stillborn, three of them
triplets of Patrick Connor, Winter street. Four
died ol consumption, heart disease 2, typhoid
fever 2, cholera infantum 2, fever 2, and one
each of paralysis, pneumonia, canker rash,
childbirth, inflammation, croup, and mania.
The three oldest were 78, 70, and 66, thirteen
were under five years, ami ten under one year.
The Goods sent to Chicago.—The cases
of clothing and other goods tor the sufferers by
flic Chicago fire, which have been accumulating
.for the past few days, were sent to the mayor of
Chicago, yesterday, in care of 11. E. Sargent,
general agent of the Michigan Central railroad,
and formerly of this city. There were in all
fifty-four cases: eighteen of men's second-hand
clothing, five of men's new clothing, thirteen
cases of women's clothing, eleven cases of boots,
four cases of soap, two eases of bedding, ami
one of miscellaneous articles.
St. Andrew’s Benevolent Society, which
was organized last June by a number of Scotch
men of the city, gave the first of a series of en
tertainments last evening, in the rooms of the
Anthropological society, which were tilled with
ladies ami gentlemen, and little lads and lassie*
who accompanied the older ones. Aiming the
entertainment offered were a sailor’s hornpipe,
danced in costume by David Younger, a song
about Brigham Young by Samuel Fenton, ami
another, “Kiltie Ltuls/’ by David Younger. The
evening was spent very pleasantly, and much
social enjoyment is anticipated in the regular
gatherings ot this sort to be held during the
winter.
A Goon Beginning.—The Odd Fellows of
this city are first to start a subscription lor the
sufferers by the extraordinary disasters which
have befallen portions of Minnesota, Michigan
and Wisconsin At a meeting held last evening
they voted to scud 9500 to these sufferers, and
passed the following resolution:
Whereas, it is a source ot great pride that our
fellow citizens and countrymen have manifested in
so large a degree their sympathy, and bav "given so
liberally oi their means for the relief of the "sufferers
by the great tire in ’hicago; yet we should not lie
led by the vastness of this calamity to forget or ig
nore the great loss of property and life of our fel
low countrymen of .‘iicliigan, Minnesota and Wis
consin, by the great calamity which has befallen
them: ami in their isolated situation, away from
the sources of assistance, must sutler terribly in
that cold country without food or shelter. There
fore.
Resolved, that the Odd Fellows of fid-city con
tribute live hundred dollars, to bp forwarded imme
diately, to such persons or committee as may be
appointed to receive the same, for the relief of the
sufferers bv the great prairie tires in Michigan, Min
nesota and Wisconsin.
Theatre.—The Boston theatre company,
with a marked improvement in the actors since
the time of their previous appearance here, oc
cupied Music hall last evenin«r, and played
•‘The Streets of New York’’ better than any
company has ever done here before. With scen
ery brought from Boston and several new fea
tures, the piece Yvas attractively put on the
staae, and will he repeated this evening. Mr.
H. A. McGlennen, agent for 1 lie company,
Yvishes it understood by the public that here
after the Boston theatre company, when it
comes to this city, will come to Io the end
of the programme, and will not mar its per
formaiices by hurrying through to catch the
late train for home—a piece of intelligence all
theatre-goers will be pleased to receive. The
house was well filled last evening.
Improvements’and Building.—Mr. L. IL
Hudson has a lorce of carpenters at work upon
the old Dr. Bancroft house, on Main street, re
fittimr up the stores and otherwise remodelling
the whole structure to such a degree, in connec
tion with former alterations, that the old man
sion can hardly be much longer recognized by
the descendants of the venerated divine whose
residence it was for so long a time. Dr. Ban
croft died there thirty-three years ago. His
daughter, Mrs. Governor John Davis, kept a
millinery establishment in one part of the house,
fithd up for a store, some sixty years ago, al the
time that her father was one of the most dis
tinuuished ministers of the Gospel in the United
States. George Bancroft, the distinguished his
torian, was born in.that house.
Mr. L. N. Gates, who has erected a large num
ber of brick blocks for dwellings in front of the
Oread, has purchased the veteiinary establish*
imntot Dr. James Penniman, with the object
of converting that building also into a tenement
block. Dr. P. has transferred bis business to
the northerly section of the city, where he has
purchased a house and ten acres of hind adjoin
ing Ihe estate of Captain Jolin Barnard.
Mr. William P. Daniels has nearly completed
his fonr-stury biick building, 55 bv 50 feet, cor
ner of Pleasant and Chestnut streets,and leased
one half of it to Deacon Jonas White. Each
division has twenty-six rooms.
The vacant space between Rice's building and
St. Paui’s block, on Main street, is fast being
tilled up. Mr. William 11. Dexter lias begun
digging for the foundation fora new live-story
block, 25 feet iron! by 110 deep, adjoining the
one in process of coustruction by Messrs. White
Conant, and of the same size, the walls of
which are already completed.
Municipal Court. —There were .thirty-four
cases before the muncipal court yesterday morn
ing. The amount received in tines from the
houses of ill-fame which were broken up Satur
day night reaches nearly live hundred dollars in
all. Albert D. Eames and John Sattler, the pro
pi ie.tors, were each fined SIOO and costs; Thomas
McGrath, Maiia Smith, John Lavalie and Susie
A. henry, SBO and costs each for fornication;
Helen Cooper, three mouths in the house of cor
rcctiou for vacancy; Annie Vangn, Sarah W.
Joseph, 11 attic Forest, Nellie Nelson, Nellie
Cross, Mary A. Barnard, Fannie Wilson and
Hattie M. Cheney were each fined S2O and
costs lor vagrancy, and the case of Susie A.
Cheney was placed on file in consideration of
her youth and promise to reform; Owen Mui
stay, charged with threatening, was ordered to
recognize in SIOO to cep the peace six months;
W in. H. Boyle was lined S3O and costs for lar
ceny Bridget Cameron sls and costs for lar
ceny, ami Israel Matthews, charged with steal
ing, was ordered to return the property and pay
costs, which he did, and his case placed on
file; Michael McCarty was fined $5
and costs for disturbing the peace; Bar
tholomew O’Leary was sentenced to one year in
the truant school, ami appealed; James Lee,
Harvey Stevens and John Morgan $5 and costs
each, John Cunningham and David Watson S 3
and costs each, Marcus Emlott and Edward Jcn
nings $2 and costs, and Patrick W ard dis
charged—the last eight named for drunkenness.
Five cases were postponed, and the case of Rich
ard White, charged with malicious mischief and
larceny, was on trial during the afternoon anil
gioraster QJ tjhilh
VOL. 26, NO. 246.
was not finished. White is accused of setting
fire to the car load of liquor at the Boston and
Albany depot several days ago. Verry for gov
ernment, Black liter for defendant.
St. Paul’s Fair. —The fair was well patron
ized last evening, and more business was done
in the various departments than on any previ
ous evening, according to the managers’ state
ment. The net iccelpts were $609, and the
amount of entertainment given from the stage
greatly exceeded that sum in value. The
drawing of articles from some of the tables be
gan last evening, ami the following persons
were fortunate: At Table No. 1 a meerschaum
pipe was drawn by Thos.Londregan, cut of cot
ton cloth by Martin Ford, ton of coal by John
B. Power, barrel of flour by K. Powers; at ta
ble No. 2, a green silk dress by Lizzie M. Car
roll, brown silk dress by I*. G. Hagan, brown
poplin dress by John P. Connor, und a picture
of Robert Emmett by Lizzie Carroll; at table
No. 8, lady’s watch by Martin T. Shea; at table
No. 4, tea set b.v Michael Quinn, and silver
forks by Marshall Boucher; at tabic No
5, a china tea set by James Hogan, and a
cut of cotton cloth by' Hannah Healy; at table
No. 7, a silver watch by Mary Leydon; at table
No. 8, a pair of boots by Alphonse Allen, and a
piece ol alpaca by Nellie Gibbs. The voting on
the set of furniture to be presented to the bishop
was very lively; the societies stood, last even
ing: Christian Doctrine association 854, Sodality
association 287, Father Mathew total absti
nence society 200, Grattan literary association
7, Fenian brotherhood 6, und American Order
of Hibernians 8. In the voting for the organ 370
votes have been cast, and St. Paul’s Sabbath
school is ahead. The excitement over (or under)
the Irish flag increases each night, and the
voting gives the brotherhood the lead so far.
The voting for the (fireman’s trumpet, at the
same table—in charge of Mrs. O’Hagan and
Mrs. O’Gorman —is led by Hook and Lad
der 2. The stage programme lor this evening
includes a shadow pantomime, a clog dance
by Ryan brothers, and a farce called “Handy
Audv/'
TJir Chicago Belief Fund.
The following is the additional list of sul>-
scriplions in aid of hicago since Saturday’ eve
ning:
S Slater A Sons, Web- Denholm A McKay. 100 00
sbr, Slooo 00 Employes of Den-
.1 C En-nch and em- holin'A McKay, L 2 00
plate.-. 123 75 W White and cm-
Grace M E Church plows. 23(0
collection, 8B 00 T I. Nelson, .'>o 00
Employes Court Mills J N Daniels, W (Hl
additional, 63 00 Town Co, 50 (10
sam'l E Hawn, 25 00 A I'Cutting, 10 (.0
M II Stimson, 25 00 Bullrick Wheeler. 10 Oo
Emp <»yes at stale Employes of Sareent
Lun Hospital. 62 50 Card Clothing Co. 75 00
Chas Devens. Jr. 50 0(1 Cvrenus Aldrich, 50 00
Mi ..o Hu-all. :5 10 M.s Nel-on Wheeler. 20 DO
W C Barbour A Co, 50 00 Mrs A D Koster, 10 (Hl
I. A Ely A Co, 25 (Hl DW Remis, 15 00
N H Clark, 20 00 SL Shaffer, 25 00
Erank Lee. 25 OU John Boyden, 25 00
Employes of Barnard, I H Stockwell, io 00
Sumner it Co, 54 Oil Beal Percival, 10 00
Jacob Read, Matthew Reidl, A J Warfield. Cash, Hen
ry Gould. Thus 1’ 1 Magoun, G F Harwood. Wi ham A
Tracy, J K Loring. Dr I) Towne, $5 each E Cogin. John
W Perse. §3 aeh Martin Dolan. Geo W Wakefield. J
Spaulding. J F Prentice, Jos Towne, N AMnzzv. Dennis
Callaghan. $2 e nth Cash. SI 40: Henry F While, Her
bert A Pritt. Cash. C II sawin. Cash. Chas Hyde, SI
each; Cash, 30 cents.
Amount previously repoited $33.M03 26
Subscribed <m .Monday 2.251 95
Total amount HUhsciibed Up to 9 r M
Monday JM.055 21
Chas. B. Whitixg, Treasurer.
.Wutiicipiil A Hit it**.
The regular meeting of the city council was
held last evening, and business was transacted
as follows: Petitions were presented from It. C.
Taylor and others for water at Quinsiganiond,
and from Richard Joyce and others for water in
Norfolk and Wall streets; referred to the com
mittee on water. From F. M. Burrough ami
others for a sewer in Oak avenue, of N. 11. Sher
man for enlargement of the sewer in Austin
street and for damage caused by insufficiency of
present pipes, of L. N. Gates and others for
sewer in Piedmont street, and of Sumner Dins
more and others for sewer in Ely street, to the
committee on sewers; of A. Putnam and others
for a street lamp on Bliss street, of E. 11. Towne
and others for a lamp in front of the Univcisal
ist church, and of Geo. F. Thompson and others
tor lamps on Highland street, to the committee
on lighting streets; of Chas. A. Holbrook and
others for sidewalk on Sever street, and of T.
11. Smith and others for curbstone on Shelby
street, to the committee on sidewalks; of Geo.
W. Gale ami others for much-needed repairs on
a portion of Belmont street,to the committee on
highways.
The resignation of Charles Marvin as city so
licitor, to take effect at date, was tendered and
accepted, and the election of an auditor to fill
the vacancy was proceeded with in the com
mon council, and resulted in the choice of Hen
ry L. Shumway, clerk of the council; but the
matter was laid on the table in the board of ai
dermen, ami the vacancy filled in another
manner.
The committee on sewers reported an order
providing for the combination of the arching of
Mill brook sewer the present season, provided it
he done on the same terms and conditions upon
which the present contract with E. B. Walker is
being executed. The report set forth as a rea.
son that the appliances for doing such work,
such as pumping water, &c., being already in
working order there, the work can be done on
more reasonable terms now than at any other
time; report accepted and order adopted.
The committee on sidewalks submitted de
crees locating, laying out and establishing side
walks on Belmont, Church and Piedmont
streets; the two first were accepted and placed
on file, and the last mentioned was tabled in the
common council.
Councilman .J. 11. Walker stated that early in
the year measures were instituted which looked
to a radical reform in the management of the
finances and keeping up the accounts of the
city, that such action had consummated in the
election of an auditor, and offered the follow
ing:
Whereas, the various departments of the city
government, as now organized, such as water, light
ing streets, sidewalks, highways, sewers, etc., each
have both legislative and executive duties to pu
form, and Are each independent of the'other; and
Whereas, so many different bodies (to which
must be added the street railway company and the
gas company, making practically seven independent
commissions'.. having authority over our streets,
very materially increases the cost to the city of the
improvements’ made, as work in one department
materially injures, ami not infrequently destroys,
that completed m another; therefore,
Ordered, that ouncilmen J. 11. Walker, Hewett
and Pratt, with such aidermen as the board of may
or ami aidermen shall join, be a joint special com
mittee to inquire into and report to the city coun
cil, whether any change in the city charter is de
sirable, to provide for the establishment of a board
of public works, whose duty it snail be to perform
the executive duties now discharged by the com
mittees named; and also whether any change is
advisable in the time for which the city solicitor
shall be elected; and also whether any change In
tin,* powers ami duties vested in the mayor be ad
visable; and also whether any more power should
be vested in the city council, to determine the ma
terial that shall be used, and the plans upon which
buildings shall be constructed in the city limits;
and upon any other change that in their judgment
will enable the city government to promote the
prosperity and safety of the city of Worcester.
He proceeded to support the order offered by
remarks, in which he stated that the work or
dered by the city needs as careful revision as the
finances have secured; that the present system
of doing work in the various departments of the
city would not be allowed to continue a day if
it was at the expense and under the control of
any member of the common council. He said
that, in tiis judgment, not sixty-seven per cent
of the money paid out of the city treasury is
realized in substantial benefit to the city. He
thought the board of public works should be
constituted by electing one member for a term
of years, who should be the head of
the board, which should consist of the mayor,
president of the common council, one aiderman
and two councilmen. The theory of our charter,
he said, was that no bill shall lie paid without
an appeal to three independent persons, but by
our charter no power over the city legislation is
given the mayor; and in order to have a proper
influence over it, he has been placed upon near
ly every committee, thus necessitating three
auditings of the bills, and reducing the auditor
to a mere clerk to ascertain that the figures were
properly carried out and added up, and nothing
more. The payment of bills, he sa.id, has been
at the option of the mayor only. He
thought, the mayor should be upon no
committee but those on education, finance and
claims, and certain special committees tor which
certain occasions called; but that he should have
the veto power and he held toa strict accounta
bility for its exercise. He also alluded to the
fearfully eloquent suggestion from Chicago call
ing for more power in the city council over the
construction of buildings in the fire limits. The
report was accepted, and Alderman Kelley and
Barnard were joined.
Petitions lor a jury in the cases of W, T,
Merrifield vs. city of Worcester, mid Jolin
Grady v-. City of Worcester, Joel W. Upton vs.
city of Worcester. lAnthony Chase vs. citv of
Worcester, mid Julius C. Baron vs. city ot Wor
cester, were referred to the city solicitor.
quarterly ri.ports.
The quarterly report of the city marshal, for
the three months ending October Ist, contains
the following facts concerning the police de
partment
'flic whole number of arrests during that time
has been 762, of Yvhich number 668 were males,
ami 99 females. The nationality’ was: Irish,
442; Americans, 218; Canadians,'39; English,
20; Scotch, IS; Germans, 12; colored, 9; Nova
Scotians, 5; Italians, 2; Poles, 2.
There were 876 lodgers accommodated, whose
nationality was: Irish. 165; Americans, 101; En
glish, 41, Canadians, 16; Germans, 15; Scotch,
15; colored, 9; Nova Scotians, 8; Welsh, 8;
Danes, 2; Swiss, 1.
Of the prisoners, 152 were under 20 years of
age, and 12 were upwards of 70; of the lodgers,
74 were under 20, and five over 70.
The offenses for which the arrests were made,
were forty-six in number: Drunkenness 861, as
sault and battery 63, larceny 50; drunkenness,
second offense, 42; violation of city ordinance
33, open shop on Lord’s day’ 20, disturbing the
peace 26, breaking and entering 16, common
drunkenness 10, vagrancy 10, fornication 9, ma
licious mischief 9, assault with dangerous weap
on 8, adultery 7, trespass 7, breaking glass 6,
assault on officer 5, lewd and lascivious cohabit
ation 2, assault with intent to kill, larceny from
person, horse-stealing, arson, one each.
Whole number oi complaints made in munic
ipal court, 716; discharged without complaint,
26.
Fees on warrants served by marshals, $1292;
served bv other officers, $18; witness fees of po
lice officers, S3BO 40.
Whole number of complaints made in the pro
bate court, 61.
Amount of fines imposed by municipal and
probate courts, $2626. Amount of money taken
from prisoners und returned, $1704.79. Earn
ings of team used by city, $272.
Disturbances suppressed, 33; intoxicated per
sons sent home, 33; stray teams put up, 7; de
fective streets reported, 5; lost children restored
to friends, 11; buildings found open and se
emed, 48.
Expenses of the department: Pay roll of
policy, $6,890.76; salary of marshal and assist
ants, $962.49; special police at convention,
$291.62; S. T. Howard, for use of teams, $369.50;
U. H. Stearns, for crackers (six months), $93.28;
incidental expenses, $91.88; total, $8,698.96.
Net earnings of the department, $1,962.40;
leaving net cost of $6,786.56.
The report also called attention to the trouble
arising from a force to small, and suggested
that at least ten more men be added, and dis
cussed the free public market at some length,
reporting the fact that it has, since its estab
lishment, entirely failed in its purpose of bring
ing the consumer and producer together, but
has, instead, been monopolized by regular deal
ers or middle men.
The report of the commissioner of highways,
for the quarter ending October Ist, enumerates
the following items of expenditure: Salary of
commissioner, teams and clerk hire, $625; pay
roll of men, $14,550.74; live stock, $575; hay,
grain, &c., $1578.63; tools and repair, $835.99;
shoeing, $216.83; curbstone, leet, $8041.11;
flagstone, 2510 leet, $691.68; cobbles, 445 tons,
$445.16; brick and freighting of same, $6728.40;
paving, setting curb, &c., $9295.30; lumlier,
$811.60; labor, &c., $6211.86: paving blocks,
$9544.08; powder, fuse ami coal $25.51; corners
(10 long and 2 short), ssl; concrete paving,
863 9-10 square yards, $772.03; incidentals,
$60.12. Total expenses for the quarter, $56,-
123.99.
The report of the clerk of board of overseers
of the poor for the quarter ending October Ist,
gave the business of his department as follows:
Amount rendered to persons having a legal set
tlement in the city, $252 30; to those having
legal settlement in other cities and |towns,
$124 10; to persons having no legal settlement,
$237 7 2; total amount of assistance rendered,
$614 12.
The quarterly report of the city’ engineer gave
an account of the progress of work in his de
partment, as follows: During the quarter
Messrs. Leach Co have laid 9268 feet of sewers,
eighty-four man-holes and thirty-one (catch
basins. The work is progressing very’ favor
ably, but not with sufficient rapidity to ensure
the entire completion ot his entire contract this
present season, unless cold weather holds off’
until into December. The walling and arching
of Mill brook is progressing fairly. That por
tion north of Lincoln square will lie finished
this fall, some time in November, unless the
weather proves very unfavorable. The work
between Green and Cambridge streets will be
about two-thirds completed this year. The ex
cavation and walling will be so far finished this
year as to entirely’ relieve the estates along
Millbury street, Lafayette street and below,
from the evils of stagnant water, from which
they have suffered so severely for several years
past.
The work at the reservoir dam will be com
pleted during the month of November. The
rollway |is now complete, with most of the
front paving, and some portions of the filling.
The upper gate house remains to be finished.
The number of*upp)ications for new' sewers
during the quarter has been 190; for permits to
enter sewers, 130.
Bills have been approved as folknvs: for
sewers, $55,575.40; Mill Brook, $29,105.97; water
works, (gen. con.) $24,717.48; reservoir, $13,-
347.69; maintenance, $2,575.84, total, $125,332.33.
The quantity of water in store, October Ist,
was 3 feet 84 inches below high-water mark of
this year and some three feet above high-water
mark of last year. The reservoir, when filled,
will be raised ten feet two inches above the level
of Oct. 1. The recent rain has added about one
foot two inches to the amount previously in
store.
The report also called the attention of the city'
council to the imperative necessity of clearing
out the basin now to be flowed, so as to free it
from all vegetable matter as far as practicable.
The quarterly reports were each accepted.
Orders for repairing sidewalKs on Thomas,
Main, Newbury and Austin streets, and for new
sidewalks on a portion of Austin and Newbury
streets, were passed.
Orders were also passed: Authorizing the
committee on public buildings to procure the
necessary furniture and furnish the new ward
room of ward two, on Belmont street; for the
payment of damages awarded by the county'
commissioners, on Chandler street, to the fol
lowing named persons: Elisha Robbins SIOO,
A. Wheeler sl6, C. Hatch $lB, Geo. Mathews
$11.40; total, $140.40.
IN BOARD OF MAYOR AND ALDERMEN.
Aii order was passed instructing the city mar
shal to see that the laws regulating the use of
grade crossings by railroad companies, be en
forced.
A communication was received from the clerk
of the Boston and Albany railroad corporation,
announcing the following named persons, em
ployes of the road, as duly elected police, on
petition of the railroad company to the mayor
and aldermen of Springfield, the same having
power to act in all cities and towns on the line
of the road, bv act of legislature: B. C. Crab
tree, J. M. Whitney, Horace Russell, Herman
Fay, Dwight Smith, J. W. Clark, T. B. Ser
geant, John B. Hunt, Frank Wakefield, Thos.
11. Cook, Stephen Chapin, W. H. Rossel), Jr.,
C. I’. Nichols, (’has. Bagg, Wm. Jennings, John
B. Adams, Edward Sackett, Edward Biggins,
Isaac H. Russell, Myron O. Morgan, Elisha C.
Pettis, Herman Mott, George E. Wentworth, C.
W. Marsh, Henry T. Gallup, C. A. Worthy,Mer
vin Johnson, and Henry E. Smith.
Geo. V. Barker, Albert M. Bonn, Cornelius
French and Stephen D. Pierce were appointed
special police at the suggestion of the city mar
shal. e
Several decrees laying out and locating streets
were accepted and placed on file.
An order was issued for the annual state
election to be held on Tuesday, the 7th of No
vember.
The mayor, in accordance with the provisions
of the new ordinance on finance, appointed
Charles Marvin as auditor, to fill the vacancy
until January, at which time only the election
of such officer is provided for by the ordinance.
Adjourned for two weeks.
COUNTY NEWS,
Forty Irishmen from North Brookfield came
to this city Saturday, and were naturalized.
Lancaster has contributed over 82,000 in
money and goods for the Chicago relief fund.
The Methodists of the northern towns of Wor
cester county will hold a Sunday school conven
tion, at Hubbardston, to-morrow.
The Blackstone lodge, J. O. of G. T., of Mill
bury, will give a dramatic entertainment this
evening. They will play the drama entitled,
“Our Old House at Home.” Also, the laugh
able farce of “A Photographic Fix.”
Fire was discovered yesterday afternoon in
the picker-room of the cotton mill of A. Morse
Sun, in Holden. The picker-room was en
tirely burned out, and the card-room was also
considerably damaged by both fire and water.
Loss not heavy; fully insured.
Deleg ates.—The delegates from Leicester to
the several republican conventions, chosen on
the 14th, arc: County convention, L. G. Sturte
vant am| W n H. Holman. Councillor, Geo. B.
Upham O. Smith. Senatorial, H. A.
White and J. D. Coggswcll. Representative, J.
S. Smith, H. A. White, Cheney Hatch, L. D.
'1 hurston, A. M. Stone, C. C. Denny and E. L.
Watson.
Sutton: County, A. W. Putnam, W. C.Chase
and R. F. Fusdick. Councillor, Wm. R. Hill, E.
H. Hutchinson and Sumner Putnam. Senato
rial, L. C, Howard, H. S. Stockwell and C. H.
Searles,
WORCESTER: TUESDAY MORNINt;, OCTOBER 17, 1871.
The Worcester Central Conference of
Churches will hold its autumnal session in
Shrewsbury, on Wednesday and Thursday of
this week, beginning on Wednesday at 10 o’clock
a. m. On Wednesday morning, after the organ
ization and devotional exercises, there will be an
address by Rev. C. M. Lamson. Subject—How
can the Sabbath school be made a more effective
instrumentality for the conversion of the young?
and an address by Rev. S B. Treat. Subject-
Missions in Romish Lands. On Wednesday
afternoon, the forty-seventh anniversary of the
auxiliary foreign mission society of Worcester
central association. Reports and address by
Rev, S. B. Treat, ami returned missionaries. On
Wednesday evening, addresses by Rev. R. B.
Stratton. Subject—The advancement of religion
a co-operative Yvork; and by Rev. W. Johnson.
Subject—ls the prevailing method in the church
es of occupying so large a portion of the Chris
tian Sabbath in public exercises, conducive to
the best welfare of the church, and to promoting
the knowledge of God in the world? Thursday
morning will be occupied by reports on the state
of religion in the churches, and remarks sug
gested by the wants and condition of the church
es, by Rev. E. Davis. On Thursday afternoon
there will lie a sermon by Rev. E. Cutler, fol
lowed by the administration of the sacrament of
the Lord’s Supper.
LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO TneWOKf E.TEH DAILY SPY
FIKE RECORD.
The Chicago Conflagration.
M Liu Thievr. ma, Kxperl The Voice t»C
Nyiupatby Whnt liar FrieudN of llm
maiiity are Doing in the Old XI orld
The liiHurauee Companies nud Their
I.omkcn, ete.
HOYV THIEVES WILL BE SERVED.
Chicago, Oct. 16. —Thedetectivss are ordered
io kill all thieves caught in the act, which has
caused a stampede of the rogues from the city.
Fuyv -citizens are leaving, although free passes
are offered to those desiring to go. All hope to
be soon employed rebuilding. There is an ample
supply of food, each day’s rations being sent
daily from the churches in each district.
THE POST OFFICE.
The postmaster state that one of the safes
has been reached. The contents were badly
scorched. Three thousand five hundred dollars
in money was found badly scorched, and SBO,OOO
worth of postage stamps in a condition to be re
turned for exchange, though unfit for use.
activity.
There was wonderful activity in the south
division to-day. Thousands of men Yvere at
work clearing away the debris, putting up tem
porary buildings, &c. Every laboring man will
ing to work can’ find plenty to do at liberal
wages.
IjOhacs Bud InNiiruucr.
THE LOSING COMPANIES.
The following returns, compiled from our dis
patches ami from other sources, show a list of
companies which have lost heavily, with their
cash capitals and total assets:
Hartford.
Capital. Assets.
City 250,000 554,287
Connecticut 2C9,000 405,069
Hartford 1,000,000 2,737,519
Merchants 200.000 540,096
N Ame rican 3?0,000 456,503
Phoenix 600,000 1,738,922
*Pntnatn 460,000 770,733
•Charter Oak 150,000 253,051
New York.
•iEtna 300,000 442,710
American Ex 200,'J00 277,850
•Astor 250,00) 405,511
•Commerce 400,000 710,000
•Excelsior 200,000 335,724
Germania 500,000 1,077,849
continental 5CJ,000 2,588,088
Home 2JK)O,OCO 4,669,125
Howard 50J.000 783,854
International 500,000 1,319,151
•Irving 200,0J0 321.746
Lamar 8C3.000 551,402
Lorillard 1,000,000 1,715,939
Manhattan 51)0,000 1,407,788
•Market 2fX»,000 704,684
New Amsterdam...3oo,ooo 432,138
•Beekman 200,000 261,860
North American... .5u0,000 "70,305
Republic 330,000 683,478
•Security I,0d0,0(>0 1,880,303
Yonkers 868,933
Washington 500,000 774,411
Albany.
•Albany City 200,000 395,146
•Capital City 200,(H-0 292,766
•Commerce 400,600 684,232
(Cincinnati.
Andes 1,000,00 u 1,203,426
Brooklyn.
Atlantic 300.000 548,194
Phoenix 1,000,000 1,095.657
St. Louis.
American Centr’1...221,370 264,876
Buffalo.
•Buffalo City 0,000 370,434
•Buffalo Fand M.. 304,222 473,577
•Western 400,000 583,047
Philadelphia.
Enterprise 200,000 614,064
Boston.
•Independent .303,000 643,648
•Hideand Leather.3oo,OW) 419,211
National 360,003 821,840
•N.*w England... .200,000
San Francisco.
•Occidental 300,000 47,495
Pacitic 1,000,000 1,777,267
•Peoples 200,000 223,117
-—’Already suspended, orjreported as in a weak con
dition,
The Voice of Myiupatby.
THE OLD WORLD.
Maxcaester, England, Oct. 16.—'Taking ad
vantage of the holiday, a large meeting was
held in the town hall, yesterday, for the purpose
of receiving subscriptions to the Chicago fund.
The bishop of Manchester presided, and spoke
in advocacy of liberal contributions in aid of
the distressed city. Jocob Bright and Hugh
Baley, members of parliament, and Mr. Adams,
United States consul, also addressed the meet
ing. The contributions on the spot amounted to
4600 pounds sterling. Besides this amount a
large quantity of clothing was given.
The subscriptions opened in various cities
throughout Great Britain have met with cordial
responses, and the outgoing steamers from all
the ports will carry large contributions of mon
ey and material.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The performance at the Boston theatre, Satur
day night, resulted in sending 81,245.88 for the
relief of the suffering people in Chicago.
The Loudon firm of Jay Cooke send .£IOOO to
Chicago.
Other Fires.
THE AWFUL VISITATION IN THE NORTHWEST.
New York, Oct. 16.—A letter from the west
states that the fire at Peshtigo occurred on the
evening of the Bth, commencing shortly after
the people returned from the evening services at
church. An ominous roaring sound was first
heard, then balls of fire like meteors fell in dif
ferent parts of the town, igniting whatever they
touched. The whole population was then seized
with a panic, caught up their children and fled
to the river and other plaees for safety. Shortly
alter a horrible tornado enveloped everything
in fire, smoke, hot sand and cinders. Three
who had not then reached the river were suffo
cated and burned before they could advance
many steps
The storm was a flame borne by a hurricane,
accompanied by electrical sparks and electrical
flashes in the air, and danced over the whole
earth. It lasted only half an hour, but the
buildings and woods burned all night. About
150 persons fled to a low meadow below the
bridge and were all saved. A large number took
refuge in a mill pond, where they kept them
selves and babies under water, constantly wet
ting their heads to keep from roasting. Several
were drowned by cattle fleeing to the pond and
trampling them down. The tornado came num
the southwest and was about ten miles wide,
sweeping every vestige of fences, buildings and
timber before it with fire. The editor of the
Menominee Herald states that over fifteen hum
died men, women and children were burned tn
death m the track of the tornado in Wisconsin,
All roots, crops and provisions were destroyed
in seven counties of Wisconsin and throughout
the western portion of Michigan,
Criminal Heeord.
TRIAL for EMBEZZLEMENT,
Baltimore, Oct. 16.— The trial of Col, Thon,
J. Wilson, ex-deputy collector, charged with
embezzlement, has begun,
The Weather,
Washington, 1), C„ Oct, 16, T is M.—Par
tially cloudy and pleasant weather will proba?
bly prevail Tuesday very generally cast of the
Mississippi.
There was a very severe snow storm Thursday
last, near Rawlins station, Wyoming.
Heavy snow fell all day Munday at Santa Fc,
New England Dispatches.
Grnud Ceh-bi-iition in llomoh l.nyiug
tin* Corner Mtoiir of the l»o*>t
The DiMtiiiKiiiNliod InlriTutinx
Ponial JlnftrrN, ctr.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Oct. 16. —Schooner E. A. Horton Yvas
seized and taken|to Gtiysboro, N. S.,Tor viola
tion of the fishery law. She was cut out by un
known parties, supposed to be American sea
men, a week ago last night. Excitement was
caused to-day, it being announced that an Eng
lish man-of-war >vas cruising in the bay, expect
ing the Horton’s arrival to-night. Collector
Babson has been heie in consultation with the
president, and revenue cutter Mahony has been
dispatched, under sealed orders; also, it is said
a frigate has been sent to Gloucester, and future
developements are awaited with anxiety.
Boston, Oct. 16.—The corner-stone of the
new' post office was laid, Yvitn Masonic cere
monies, this aiternoon, in the presence of Presi
dent Grant, several high national and state dig
nitaries, and an immense concourse of specta
tors. Many ladies, including Mis. Grant, occu
pied reserved seats on the raised platform. Tbc
exercises consisted in placing a tin box, contain
ing a great number and variety of articles, in
the niche upon which the corner-stone was low
ered, President Grant aiding Grand Master
Charles L. Woodbury with the trowel and
cement. Music, prayer, an original hymn ami
addresses from Postmaster General Creswell
and ex-Mayor Shurtleff, of Boston, constituted
the remaining exercises. The address of Post
master General Creswell was quite long. 11.
sketched the earliest history of the postal ser
vice in foreign countries and in the United
States, tracing it down to the present time, ami
continued as follows:
“Having conceded, when first entrusted wilh
the administration of the post office department,
that the people should be satisfied with nothing
less than the best and cheapest service, I deem
the present a fit opportunity to make known
what has Veen accomplished during the last
three years. The number of letters transported
and delivered during the year ending June 80,
last, exceeds 640,0(10,000, and it is estimated that
the newspaper and miscellaneous mails disposed
oi were ten times greater in both weight and
bulk than the letter mails. There were in the
postal service at tbc end of the last fiscal year
43,954 persons, scattered over every part of the
national domain, from Sitka to Key West, and
from San Diego to St. Johns, who were classified
asfoliow's: First. In the department proper:
Postmaster General, one; assistant postmas
ters general, three; superintendent ot for
eign mails, one; superintendent of the money
order office, one; chief ol division of dead let
ters, one; chief clerk of the department, one;
chief clerks of the bureaus, four; clerks, labor
ers, watchmen, etc., 319; total, 341.
Second. In the local service: Postmasters,
«0,045; contractors, 7286; clerks in post offices,
8439; letter carriers, 1419; route agents, 684;
railway postal clerks, 2132; mail route messen
gers, 108; local agents, 82; special agents, 52;
making a total of 43,954, or 18,828 more than
the whole army of the United States, officers and
enlisted men.
Of the 80,045 post offices in operation, 2076
were money order offices, 1172 were filled by ap
pointment by the president, and 28,873 by ap
pointment of the postmaster general.
A comparison of 1871 with 1868: On the 30th
of June, 1868, there were in operation 26,481
post offices,ot which 849 were filled by the pres
ident and 25,632 by the postmaster general: 1468
were money order offices. At the same time,
the department had 490 route agents, 51 mail
route messengers, 233 railway post office clerks
and 69 local agents. There was an increase, in
three years, of 3564 post offices, —of which 828
were filled by appointment of the president and
3211 by appointment of the postmaster general,—
608 money order offices, 194 route agents, 49
mail route messengers, 281 railway post office
clerks, and 13 local agents, in 187 i, there were
in operation 238,359 miles of mail routes, of all
kinds, apportioned as follows: 168,191 miles of
routes other than steamboat and railway
costing $5,127,473; 20,334 miles of steamboat
routes, costing $776,948; and 48,834 miles of
railway routes, costing $5,724,979.
In 1868, there Yvemin operation 216,928 miles ol
muil routes, of all kinds, apportioned in the
manner following: 161,268 miles of routes other
than steamboat and railway routes, costing
$5,438,299; 19,647 miles of steamboat routes,
costing $650,631; and 36,018 miles of railway
routes, costing $4,177,126; showing an increase
in three years of 21431 miles in the total length
of routes, with the following exhibit: increase
of 6928 miles of routes other than steamboat
and railway routes, with a decrease in the cost
of $410,826; 6877 miles of steamboat routes,
with an increase in the cost of $126,312; and
13,816 miles of railway routes, with an increase
in the cost of $1,547,858.
In 1870, the total annual transportation on
routes other than steamboats and railway
amounted to 47,330,968 miles; on steamboat
routes, to 4,684,178 miles; on railroad routes, to
55,557,048 miles; making an aggregate annual
transportation, by all routes, of 107,572,794
miles, at a cost of $11,529,895.
In 1868, the total annual transportation on
other than steamboat and railway routes
amounted to 45,540,587 miles; on steamboat
routes t 08,795,560 miles; on railway routes,to 84,-
886,176 miles, making the annual aggregate of
transportation of 1,789,381 miles on routes
other than steamboats ami railway routes to
34,886,176 miles, making|the annual aggregate
transportation, by all routes 84,224,825 miles, at
a cost of $10,266,056; showing in three years an
increase in annual transportation of 1,789,381
miles, on routes other than steamboats and rail
way; 8,870,218 miles on steamboat routes; 20,-
671,870 miles on railway routes; and an aggre
gate of 28,348,469 miles on all routes, at an
increased cost of $1,263,839.
For the year 1868 the ordinary revenues were
$16,292,600.80, and the expenditures $22,733,-
592.65, showing an excess of expenditures $6,487-
991.85. The amount of money orders issued
was $16,197,85.847.
For the year ending June 30,1871, the ordi
nary revenues were $20,087,045.42, ami all ex
penditures $24,890,104 08; showing an excess of
expenditures of $4,353,058.66. The amount of
money orders issued was $421,641,180.
Summing up these expenditures ol 1871 with
1868, it appears that in three years the increase
of post offices amounted to thirteen per cum;
the increase of ordinary receipts to twenty-three
percent; the increase of the aggregate annual
transportation is twenty-eight per cent; the in
crease of the money order business to 260 per
cent; and the increase of expenditures to less
than seven and three-tenths percent.
Expenses lor the four years past: For the hist
4 years the deficiencies, aftei deducting from the
expenditures of each year the annual appropri
ations for free matter and special steamship
subsidies, are:
1868 85,462,931 85
1869 8.970,287 45
1870 2,814,116 98
1871 2,926,858 66
The appropriation for*the deficiency of last
year was $4,685,032, of which $1,650,000 were
expended. For the last three years there were
appropriated, in the aggregate, for deficiencies,
514,987,582, of which only $8,262,500 were ex
pended, thus leaving unexpended in the trcasip
rv, from the deficiencies voted for the last three
years, $6,725,082.
POSTAGE TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
Within three years past, letter postage be
tween all points in the United States and all
points in the united kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland has been reduced from twenty-lbur
to six cents, and equal reductions have been
effected within the same period in postage rates
between the United States and Germany. The
single rate for letters exchanged via England
having been reduced from thirty to seven cents,
and for letters sent by direct steamers, from fif
teen cents to six cents—thus making pnetipablo
a proportionable reduction to all countries io
whicli Great Britain and Germany respectively
serve as intermediaries.
Our experience with Switzerland having dem
monstrated the feasibility and utility ol trans
mitting money between the citizens of different
countries by the intervention of their respective
»ost departments, conventions have recently
jeeu concluded by which money orders may be
transmitted between our people and residents of
Great Britain and Germany with celerity and
absolute security.
Negotiations which promise a like reduction
of postage and other ameliorations are also on
foot with the Scandinavian and other countries.
The facilities already secured cannot fail to cul
tivate (he most intimate relations among at least
100,000,0011 of the most enlightened of the pupu
nlinns of the earth, and thus invite to our hos
>itable shores a greatly increased immigrafiuip
n making these new arrangements, the postal
departments concerned not responding
merely to the demands of business; they are
equally providing for the scientific, literary, so
cial and religious brotherhood of nations.
THE FUTURE OF THE AMERH \X pour o;n; E.
With so much accomplished in (bp past, who
can predict the future? We qre now 40,000,000.
We grp adding hl our RQpulntmu at the rale oi
one and a third millions per year. Before the
present generation shall have passed awav, the
population of the United States will number
100,000,000 of the best educated and most e-mer<
prising people on earth. Here ajl the Intellect
in the land will Ik* dpvc|upeti by universal five
education i m»nd wifi he sharpened by intellect
mil conflicts, invention will be quickened, and
science, known to qs but as an untutorul maid,
will bcpoipc the vivifying mother of a thousand
gigantic powers, which npw He dormant in the
huMun Qf nature. Subtle forces that outstrip
the winds and run in advance of the winged
hours are already at our command, ateam and
caloric and pneumatics and electricity are wing
with each other in their contributions to ClYili
zatiun. We must accept and utilise them nil.
We must employ them in due time as (hal's
agent fur the elevation and advancement of the
human race. The speeding post, Imrne upon
the seal us the post office department, is the cm-
blem of progress. We cannot retrograde, nor
yet stand still. Our duty is clear; to labor un
ceasingly to provide and maintain lor the people
of the United States the most perfect system of
communication known among men.
the electric telegraph—shall it be
come A PART OF OI K POSTAL SYSTEM?
The question of the appropriation of the elec
tric telegraph and its dedication to public use,
has been definitely settled by the recent suc
cesses of foreign nations. It now simply a prob
lem of finance, and to Yvhom better can that be
submitted than to Massachusetts? Shccan speak
authoritatively to her own trusted representa
tives, who now guard the public treasury with
ever watehlul eyes. She can point with exult
iii2 pride to the first organizer and intelligent
ehiei of the post office in America, ot whom was
truthfully written that noble line of modern
La tiny:
Eripuit ca?!o fuhneu
Scoptrumque tyrannis,”
and demand (that the mysterious agent which
she) in the person of her son, subdued ami
plucked from the heavens, shall become hence
forth a public .servant, and be guided by the
sceptre in the hands ol the people.
Postmaster Burt and the attaches of the Bos
ton post office gave a reception and dinner this
evening t<> Postmaster General Creswell. Among
the invited quests were: Mr. Freer, postmaster
ot Montreal, who represented the Dominion
government; Mr. Howe, postmaster of St. John;
A. D. Mullett, architect of tin treasury depart
ment; Col. Markland, special post office super
intendent; Postmasters Sperry of New Haven,
Jackson of Providence, Smvth of Albany; Col.
Hurlburt, aichitcct of the post office at New
Vmk, and others.
10-nigbt President Grant gave a reception at
the St. James. Mrs Grant was the guest of Mrs.
Julia Ward liowe at dinner, and, in the evening,
the two ladies and a few’ personal friends at
tended the opera. The president leaves to-mor
row at eight a. m., for Bangor.
RHODE ISLAND.
Providence, Oct. 16. —Last night, a farm la
borrr named Ward died in the North Providence
station house from suffocation. It is thought the
bedding in his cell caught fire. He was not dis
covered until early this morning. The man had
been arrested for digging potatoes on Sunday.
MAINE.
Bangor, Oct. 16.- The first regular train over
the Eastern and North American railroad ar
rived here to-night, bringing about 300 passen-
Our New York Dispatches.
New York, det. 15.—State Attorney General
Champlain says in a letter that he will exert all
the power of his office to vigorously prosecute
every person implicated in the great frauds in
New Vuk city, when he is properly applied to
to bring action against them.
I lie new grand jury was sworn in at the
court ol general sessions to-day. Recorder
Hackett informed them that they succeeded the
gland jury discharged b.v Judge Barnard iu|the
court of over and terminer Saturday, and in the
course of the session he might have to call their
attention to some grave matters affivting the
community at large.
In the criminal calendar called in the United
States circuit, to-day, was the case of llaggertv,
janitor of the county court house, for registry
I rands, flic case was reserved, as the accused
is already in the hands of the local authorities
lor stealing vouchers.
I he steamer City of Paris, from New York for
Liverpool Oct. 7, is off Cape Clear broken down.
Steamers have gone to her assistance. A strong
breeze is blowing, but not sufficient to excite any
apprehension in regard to the steamer’s salety.
An address has been issued by representative
workingmen, demanding the separation of
church and state in England. Ihe address an
nounces that meetings of (he Yvorkiugmen will
be held throughout the country in support of
the movement.
Nearly all the vaehts of the New York club
at Staten Island yesterday, to be
in n iblinrss to accompany the contestant with
the Livonia this morning. It is expected that
the yacht Columbia will be the American con
testant to-day.
Ihe Herald to-day says that a money crisis
will be averted only by extraordinary effort.
Ihe Mr. Vandenhoff who was buried yester
day by the Atlas lodge of Free Masons, was
known as an elocutionist and Shakesperian read
er. His widow is a teacher of elocution here.
He was well known and was about 45 years of
The counsel for General Jordan, indicted fjr
violating the neutrality law, will move, to-mor»
row, lor a discharge of his client, as no effort is
being made by the government for speedy trial.
About 400 naturalizements have taken place
recently in the common pleas and superior
courts.
The rumor of negotiations of a mortgage loan
in Europe by the Western Union telegraph, was
unfounded.
It appears that Barney Aaron is alive and in
prison at Chicago.
In the yacht race, the Columbia beat the Livo
nia twenty-live minutes, without time allow
ance.
In Hoboken, last night, Thomas McMahon
and Moses Henry stabbed each other. Both are
dead.
Hurricane and High Tide.
Great Ntoriii at Halifax The Damage to
T cmmfln anti Wharvcn- Almont liiwiuata*
im-oiim Destruction of Property, etc.
Halifax, N. S., Oct. IC.—This city and vi
cinity were visited on Thursday evening by a
terrific hurricane with a high tide, unexampled
in the history oi the city, lor violence and dam
age. For three miles the water front of the city
and the wharves were damaged, and many of
the latter were swept away, with stores of fish,
lumber, etc. The weather was fine on Thursday
until noon. The barometer indicated the ap
proach of a storm, falling from 80.20 in- the
forenoon to 29,50 at Bp, m, At sp. m. the wind
came with sudden gusts from the southeast
with rain, the tide rapidly rising, the sea in the
harbor increasing in violence, and the waves
rolling in higher and higher. The culminating
point was reached at 6 p. m., when the windand
tide were the highest, lu the next ten minutes
the damage was done, Large vessels broke
from l heir moorings at the wharves, drifting in
upon the smaller malt, which were completely
demoralized, Some ships, better secured than
others, dragged with them parts of wharves
Eyviy wharf was submerged, and the basements
ol the water-side houses were tkioded, The tide
flowed over many street year the water.
1 he steamer Chase, at Dominion wharf, broke
I roni her moorings and went clear through five
wharyes qn the north. Two thousand barrels
ol fish mi two wharves were sent adrift by her
au.l nearly all were lost, lu the city the dumase
done is mostly to roofs, chimneys, trees anil
cnees. In the suburbs several houses were
blown down and hundreds of fences and large
trees were prostrated. The railway track from
the city to Bedford station, a distance of ten
miles, is damaged to the extent of 816,000, so
that no trains could reach the city. The travel
in the city on Thursday night was suspended,
as bricks, slates, shutters and t reedops were
whirling abou t the streets and wharves. Dart
mouth, opposite the pity was all destroyed.
I here werethirty vessels ashore in this harbor
e.loue, including the barque Fannie, from Phila
delphia,bound to Europe,with part other cargo
gone and strewn on the shore.
The bark Northumbrian, from Bull river, S.
C., with a cargo of phosphate, was damaged.
Ihe other vessels were mostly fishing craft.
I hree men wore drowned off the Devil’s island
in the harbor, while setting nets, which are the
only casualties to life so far ascertained, although
there were many miraculous escapes, There
are fears of terrible destruction up th© coast and
up the Bay of Fundy. There was no telegraph
communication from 8 p, m., Thursday. The
shores ol Halifax harbor on Friday morning
H<*ented the appearance of wreck* and ruin
never seen before. The wharves were Shattered
and strained; some vessels were high and dry
and others having murks to
show from thy storm- Quantities of timber and
wreck stutl floated alxml the harbor. It is be
lieved the damage will teach $200,000.
Abbreviated Diaputeiiea.
Affairs in (.'hili are quiet,
Nmall pox is epidemic throughout Chili.
1 he rmderpQM has appeared in Mongolia.
A nayut hospital it to be built at Yokohama.
the city hall at Hong Kung was struck by
lightning.
Rich deposits of gold and copper have been
discovered near Iquiqui, Chill,
A terrible typhoon has occurred at Hong
Kong, by which three ships were dismasted, one
lost and |OO Chinese drowned.
t Van Buren, the defaulting pension agent us
New York, has returned the money stolen. $12,-
000, to the treasury.
1 here is a report In New York that some Poles
have commlred to assassinate the Grand Duke
Alexis oq his arrival.
Typhoons have occurred on the China coast,
Uy which many vessels have been dismasted and
two lost.
The China and Japan treaty, which has been
signed at Pekin, ie> said to Ue an exact copy of
the United States treaty.
Au address has been issued at Saratoga, N.
by a large number of prominent democrats,
repudiating J weed and the late democratic oom
vent ion,
An expedition to defend Manitoba from Fe
nian attacks will leave Collingwood next Friday.
It will consist of about two hundred men, who
are enlisted for six months, with the option of
remaining a year and receiving a grant of land.
Ihe Washington Chronicle editorially advo.
cates a general dismissal of all the clerks in the
depai tnu nts who ate not outspoken republicans,
it would have this dune in spite of the cry of
pio<vriniioii,lMvuuse an important presidential
vlvvliou is approaching, and no enemy ot the
party should be allowed to remain in office.
Advices from South Carolina state that the re
cent kuklux trials at Raleigh have had a very
marked effect in making the kuklux 4
PRI( E 1 ENTS.
Carolina more peaceable. Some of Judge
Bond's law is now all that is wanting in the
latter state.
FROM EUROPE.
France.
DIPLOMATIC.
Versailles, Oct. 16.—M. Picard has been
appointed French minister to Italy, in place of
Count de Choiseuil, who has been recalled. M.
Guizot goes as minister to Greece. Ihe appoint
ment of M. Ferry as minister to the United
States, has been withdrawn in deference to pub
lic opinion.
REDUCTION OF THE ARMY’ OF OCCUPATION.
Paris, Oct. 15.—The customs treaty between
France and Germany, which has just been signed
by M. Ponyer Quertier and Prince Bismarck, on
the part of their respective governments, pro
vides for immediate reduction oi the German
army of occupation to a force of thirty thou
sand men, with a further proviso that this num
ber will be still further reduced nt the end of
six months it the terms of the treaty are carried
out in a satisfactory manner.
ANOTHER REVOLT IN ALGERIA.
Advices have been received from Algeria, stat
ing that a fresh revolt of the natives has taken
place in that province, and that the force sent to
quell the outbreak has been unable to do so. It
is believed that the government will at once de
spatch reinforcements to the scene of the
troubles.
TROUBLE IN CORSICA.
A rumor comes from Marseilles of political
disturbances in Corsica, believed to be inspired
by Bonapartist partizans.
Great IBritaiu.
AN AMERICAN CLERGYMAN.
London, Oct. 16. —Rev. Mr. Thompson, an
American clergyman, preached in the chapel of
St. John, in the Tower of London. I’be chapel
has not been used before since the time of the
reformation.
THE HEALTH OF QUEEN VICTORIA.
Ihe physicians attending Queen Victoria re
port that her imijesty continues to suffer greatly
from severe attacks of rheumatism. Her majes
ty's condition, however, is not such as to create
alarm in the minds of the members of the ruval
household.
AN OLD REPORT RENEWED.
Mr. Bradlaw, at an immense meeting to-night,
declared that the queen is insane.
Gcrninuy.
ADDRESS BY THE EMPEROR.
Berlin, Oct. 16.—Emperor William opened
the session of the reichsrath. He began his ad
dress with a review of the past session of the
North German parliament and of the course of
German unification, the progress of this great
policy, and the present condition of united Ger
many. He considered that the chief care of the
present session should be the consideration of
the budget for the empire. The advances made
by several states of the confederation must be
repaid from funds received from France as in
demnity. The budget must include the expense
of settling the government ot the territory ac
quired from France. A reorganization ot the
coinage of Germany is desirable. The federal
council is engaged in devising measures lor the
establishment of a gold coin basis for a uniform
system of German coinage. The emperor also
proposed as a subject for discussion, the secur
ing of a line of direct communication, through
Switzerland, to Italy, to be so controlled through
out that the interests of Germany shall be fairly
considered. Foreign relations are entirely satis
factory. There is no cause for anxiety in any
quarter. Especially is correspondence with
Austria of a cordial nature, and intercourse
with that country is no longer shadowed bv
reminiscences of pastjconflicU.
Mpuin.
Madrid, Oct. 16.—The political partv of
which Senor Sagosta is the head, has issued a
manifesto acknowledging the sovereignty of the
national government ns now constituted, and
insists on the maintenance of the integrity of
the national dominions. This portion of the
manifcbto has special and expressed reference to
the suppression ot the insurrection in Cuba.
Ihe manifesto attacks the International society
as dangerous and unp itriotic.
REPUBLICAN MEETING.
A great republican meeting was liel.l to-dnv.
Senor Orense presided. Resolutions were
adopted, declaring that the party would offer
undying opposition to every form of govern
ment for Spain which was not purely republican.
Nevertheless, in waging such war upon nou-re
puhlican principles, they would not violate the
laws of the land. Several speakers addressed
the meeting. Some were very pronounced in
expressions against the present government.
Ihe most violent proclaimed perfect sympathy
with republicans everywhere, and with ihe inter
national society, and declared that rhe faith ol
the republicans of Spain is identical with the
doctrines of liberty and equal rights trow rapidly
spreading through all countries of Europe.
PATENT OFFIOB BUSINESS Amert
can ana Foreign Patents procured,Rejected Ap
plications re-argued; lutertcrence Caao» Prosecuted-
Opinions given as to the validity and infringement ci
Courts* by J SU^*prosecuted in the U. tq
TROI. 11 DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman ofilhs
Board of Admulb, U. S. Patent office,) Counsellor at
Law and Advocate in Patent Cases. Ottice, Do.lgc.ti
Block, corner Park and Portland sts. Worcesur Mses
dAwtf
QLI VER’S
STOVE STORE,
S»S MAIK STREET NO. SIO
jny’4 d((
®oaL
£)OAL!
LEHIGH COAL,
al ftizes, for sale by the ton or cargo, at the
Bouthbrldgu Sneel Coal Yard.
SIROYG Ac KOGFUM.
WILKESBARRE
COAL,
For family use and steam purposes, for sale by
BTUOXU A KOGFKM, 41U Mniu St.
SYDNEY
CANNEL COAL,
For open grates—a new lot hist received bv
MTROXD ROGERS,
Office 33S Mitin Street.
FIRE BRICKS,
FIRE CLAY,
FlliE SAND andKAOUS, at wholesale and retail, by
STKONO -A KOUEKM,
n2 <Uf IKI Hain Street.
H. JOURDAN,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer In
ANTHRACITE AND BITUMINOUS COAL.
mJ? 1 1 Green Street. Office. 2 Lincoln Block. Worcester
otf
T W. WEI.LI N gtok 00.
A e DEALERS in
Anthracite and Bituminous Coal,
*__ by the Ton or Cargo.
Offices—No. 1 Post Office Building,and lift Sonthbridgs
st. Y ards—Manchester st., and cor. Sou th bridge and
Hammond sts.. Worcester. Mass. dtf mvl
fflnstfal.
JJITSON CO’S
STANDARD OPERAS.
Ernani, Faust, Fur in, I.ucrexln, Martha,
Not-ma, Moninnuibnln, Truviata, Tiom
ore, Marriage of Figaro, Fidelio. Fra
Diavolo and Don Giovanni.
Handsomely printed, unabridged, superior to all other
editions In fullness. containing all the foreign and English
words, and all the music, including that of the rccita
y™*M‘V»wycl'Oldfor the lo* Price of ONE DOL
LAR EA 11, and will be sent to any address, po-t free.
cacb L Wb VC prtce ine, y bouml in Boards fur S2.W
OLIVER IHTMLV <V
_'d6 dtf Boston.
RANDS
Everywhere are Invited to send their orders for
BRASS INSTRUMENTS
‘OJ.C. HAYNES CO., whose large «>>ck of excel
lent instruments, at tnodetate prices, furnishes one of
the very he>topportunities for selection. At thEcele
united Inslrunient store may also he procured the best
V lolins, Guitars, Flutlnas, Accordeuns, Files, Flageolets.
C Tiamu and Melodeons tor sale and to let.
Baud Music. Sheet Music. Mumc Books, and all kinds
of Musical Merchandise.
JOIIX c. HAY.NUM .V CO.,
33 Court st., oppu-ite the Court House, Boston
tn deup&wly
gpUNING, POLISUING REPAIRING
PLANO FOItTBS.
We resMclllillr announce to the public that we have
secured the valuable sei vices of Mr. w M C EI Li" ..i
Boston, who lias for the past eighteen yea re been con
netted with one ot the largest Manufactories in tn e
btaie. Mi. Ellis, as u thorough workman anti practical
mechanic, Is’itre a reputation second to none in the
country 111- Tmhnu.'nepmrtn,. ie.. In
ghes entire satisfactionand In connection with a Hrst
eiass I olisher, old Hanos are made as good as new, tor a
very low price.
Fletwe call and examine work at Repair Boom,
*444 Maiu Kt., Woi'eeßter, Spj' Blork.
*2* dtf RICHARDS. METCALF CO,
(NU R E Fl>R F WALE WE\ K N EBB
Made from an Indian recipe; a cvrialn cure without
supporters. Prepared and sold kv Mre. LIN I S BELCH
K. Randolph. Mass send stamp for circular.
ZSold by JAMES GREEN A co. DruggMs 111 Main
“L. and Uy all Druggie'S.
all dIu,TUABAw3w
AhVERIUiYU
IN Daily Bft— For the ••Square’ often lines soil
agate type, 1 time 7'> eta.; each KUbaequent Inaertion
eta.; 1 week |2 7-; 2 weeks SI 00; 1 month |G.OO; 1 year
Soo—and the same rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two lines for one week S> oft; three line f 1.25;
four lines >1.37; five lines SLW. Lo< il notices 25 cents
per line tor each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
line. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements 81.00 per square for first inner
tlon; each subsequent insertion 50 cents,
Special positions; In the paper, and special styles of
display, will be charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent,
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wekklt Spt—First insertion fl.oo per square;
each subsequent Insertion 50 cents; 3 months s7.<H>; one
year fJS.(>O.
SPKCIAL ATTENTION!
A 7
WILL BE AT THE
BAA STATE 801 SE,
Thursday, Friday Saturday,
OCT. 10. and 21,
where lie can l»e consulted on all <li-ense- of the
EYE.EAR. NOSE. THROAT ANO CHEST.
Consultation free. wlt&Htf o!3
Si RE URE-
JOHNSTONS
Rheumatic
Uoiii|ioiiiid
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
WARKANTEO—NO CURE, NO PAY
Hee testimonial' In Evening Gazette.
AGENCY WITH
EDWIN A. WARR EV,
Apothecary,
IX BAY BTATte iioimi:
Sls (Jtf
financial.
CURST MORTGAGE SINKING FUND
I.AXD GRAM BONDS
OF THE
St. Joseph and Denver City
Railroad Company,
In Denominations <>l «1,000, SSOO dt SIOO
The attention of Investors is invited to the merits of
these Bonds, secured by a first and only mortgage on the
road, eqiiipnients. tranchisea and propertv of a trunk
Une of railroad which will shorten tne distance between
New Y ork and San Francisco some 230 miles, and in
addition the mortgage to secure the Bonds covers a land
grant ot 1,500.00(1 acres of the most tertile land in ihe
W est. which Is prohibited from being >old at less than
tour (S 4 dollars per acre by the terms of the mort gage
acc "Tdlng to ihe present market price ot the
Dlbiols ('cniral Uonipany's lan«K is worth mm
I his loan was originally for 55.500 ftOti. but has been large
ly reduced by subscriptions of actual investors Th.- re
niainiim balance of the loan is oilerol atft" 1 amine
criiKi Interest, but th- right is reserved to advance the
price at any Him-, without notice.
The oends have thirty y< ars to run; bear H percent,
interest, payable in New Y rk London, or Frankfort on
the-.Main, at the option of the holder, without, notice,
treeot taxes.
BOTH PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ARE PAYABLE
IN GOLD.
They are Coupon Bonds, but can lie registered with
the coupons on, or can be registered with the coupons
OFF. Land Interest paid to registered owner. Interest
payable August 15th and February 15th. A liberal sink
ing Hind, formed from the entire land .-ales, in pavnn nt.
tor whicn the bondswill be received at par and ae< >ne<l
jmerest, provides lor the early extinguishment oi this
TRUSfEEH:
Farmers’ Loan ami Trust Comp'}’.
These tionds offer favorable inducements to parties
desiring to fund their Five-Twenties, or other high-prievd
securities. H
In converting Uve-Twentie.s the investors rralize
17 per cent, profit on the principal; 2 per cent per
annum excess oi Interest; and nt the same time net a
perfect security.
Maps, ciivulmw, documents, and lull information fur
nished on application.
RH E, YVIHTING Bl LHH K,
HANKERS,
MAIM STKEET.
dTu.lTiAShn
M ONBY
TO TO JAN I
I® <I«F_ 1.. A. EI.V A- o.
STARit o K sMI Tll
have a few thousand dollars
TO LOAN
fora short time.
IC(»OM NO. t UOGKItS’ RU)( K, elrn er
Mum uid Pleasant st.« dp’
Sttoing IJladjints.
rjIHE NEW
YVILSON SEWIYG NAC lIIXE
will do any work that can be done on any other, runs
easier, and makes less noise than any other Shuttle
Machine, »ml is sold sls less than any other first-class
machine. Don’t buy till you have seen It.
N. A. PLYMPTON CO., Agents.
834 MAIN ST.
os iiAwir
HEEL E R WT£ SON’S
Improved World-Renowned
SEWING MACHINES
ARE THE BEST
Ever OflTercd to Public Palreuage.
They are.simple, working without a shuttle, durable
easily kept in repair; work without noise; sew with tlie
greatest rapidity; make an even and linn stitch, alike on
Ixith sides, that will not rip; will economize thread, and
are applicable to every purpose and material common to
family use.
Cail and see lietore porchaslng elsewhere.
Instructions given free of charge, at our Salesroom, or
house of purchaser.
Every Machine warranted.
BEAL PERCIVAL.
340 Main St., Worcester,
AGENTS FOR WORCESTER COUNTY,
al 3 deoptf
EYSTONE
SEWING MACHINE!
Klesunt, Simple, and Durable!
i.o< ii-s ri r<n,
KTRAHHir FEEBLE AX l> MIVTTI.I
4if Agents Warned. Address Keystone Sewing Ma
chine Co., 229 Tremont st, Boston.
012 dTu.TbJtStf J. C. BR« K
WEED
Sewing Machine,
The Family Favorite!!
A. E. PECK, Agent,
oS dtf 198 Main St.
mHE AMERICAN
BUTTON HOLE SEWING MACHINE
Will do all kinds of work done by others—wo; K Button
Holes in any kind of Fabric, and Ove^ <lM or
Sew Over and Over.
Every Machine Fully Warranted.
call and examine Machines and Work, at
1721-2 Main Street.
dU 1, M. STOCK AV FI.