§m (Mum pepukHott
g>AAfuvy vw wnvi r v i 'i***** A A A A
If r:C(AL JOURNAL OF TNI UNITED STATES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF NEW ORLEANS
OKUAN8. not:
13, 1871.
"I tell yon, wife, I've got the plan all in
my bead." "Ah, then it's all in a nut*
shell.''
An old settler—The lady who sent a
fanner ten cents that had been dne twenty*
nine years.___
The Congressional levee committee were
to leave Vicksbnrg for New Orleans yeeter
terday, on the Robert E. Lee.
A cynical lady, rather inclined to flirt,
says most men are like a cold—very easily
caught, bnt very difficult to get rid of.
The Massachusetts mills have sent an agon*
to Hong Kong to employ coolies for opera
tives. A cargo of them is expected at
8alem.
"Little Faust*' at the Academy of Music
this evening. To-morrow evening,
tnnio" and the charming Mrs. Oates. Se-|.
cure your seats.
Mr. H. Haller, dealer in stoves and house
furnishing goods, sends us sample paper
cutters of a very neat pattern.
Messrs. Louis 8tem Sc Brothers will sell
to-morrow, at ten o'clock, at No. 16 Char
tres street, six hundred eases boots, shoes
and brogans.
8o necessary is fan to the mind, that a
late philosopher said if you should build
schools without play-grounds, nobody would
get beyond short division in a lifetime.
The new Cotton Exchange rooms, corner
of Gravier street and Theatre alley, will be
opened to-morrow at 12 M. A representa
tive of the Republican will be present.
Rev. A. J. Ryan, of Mobile, will lecture
at the Church of St. Peter and St. Paul
(Rev. C. Moynihan's), Third District, on
Sunday evening next. Complimentary
tickets have been received.
The insurance losses by the Chicago fire
foot np $71,986,000, of which New York city
loses directly at least $13,476,500, to say
nothing of the loss by the reinsurance
caused by companies which have failed.
Attention is directed to the advertise
ment in this morning's paper, of the Cres
cent City Ramie Planting Company, calling
a meeting of the stockholders to elect a
board of directors and a secretary.
A nitisen of Cayuga county, New York,
has invented a mode of distilling spirits
from Canada thistles. He calls it thistle
whisky. About one-third of it is alcohol. It
is said to be very pleasant to get drunk on.
Governor Warmoth has made the follow
ing appointments: John P. Parsons, notary
public, Orleans parish; T. C. Anderson, di
rector of the Citisens' Bank on the part of
the State, vice Thomas D. Miller, resigned.
The second grand annual fancy dress and
masquerade ball of the Robert E. Lee Base
Ball Club will be given at Union Hall next
Saturday evening. Thanks to Mr. C. 8.
Myatt, secretary, for complimentary
tickets.
_Z_
Do not fail to secure a seat for the benefit
of Mr. Mark Quinlan, at the 8t. Charles
Theatre to-night. The new drama entitled
The Mormoms, or Brigham Yonng at
Home," will be presented, to conclude with
the "Midnight Watch."
In the Meriden (Connecticut) quarries
have been found the foot-prits of gigantic
birds, made centuries upon centuries ago,
when the sandstone was wet sand. Proba
ably no tracks ever distributed have made
mere deep and lasting impressions.
Some idea of the magnitude of the inter
ests involved in the textile industry of the
United Kingdom may be gathered from the
fact that the number of persons actually
employed in the mills, factories and works
now falls little short of one million.
A Wisconsin fhnfiSr easily cured a balky
horse. He put a logchain around the beast's
neck, hitched on a yoke of cattle, and re
quested them to "haw! come up Bright,"
and they come up bright! The horse's
head came off, and his hide is for sale
cheap. _
The marriage service in the Ritualist
churches lasts nearly an hour, and is a very
imposing ceremony. The priest who offi
ciates usually wears a robe of white satin,
trimmed with lace or embroideiy, and the
altar is decorated with flowers, wreaths
and banners.
We had the pleasure of greeting Senator
West last evening. He has just returned
to the city to remain a week or two, when
he will again leave for Washington to
attend the meeting of the Senate. The
General's friends will find him at the St.
Charles Hotel. _ _
We have received from Mr. Ferdinand
Marks, secretary of the "Congregation
Temple Sinai," an invitation to attend the
ceremonies of the laying of the corner stone
of their new temple, corner of Triton walk
and Carondelet street, on Sunday next, at
twelve o'clo ck.
The 8heriff of the parish of Orleans will
sell at auction to-morrow, at 10fe o'clock
A. M., at his warehouse, No. 74 St. Ann
street, between Royal and Bourbon streets,
Second District, one pair of crutches,
twenty-four trusses, assorted, and a lot of
sqrgical instruments, etc. See advertise
ment.
The Southern Claims Commission has
heard in continuation the case of Lizzie
Hamilton, of Grand Gulf, Mississippi, be
ing a claim for $104,000 for quartermaster
and commissary stores, taken from four
plantations in that State, belonging to the
claimant.
The laying of the corner-stofee of St.
Stephen's church, Napoleon avenue, will
take place on Sunday next. The proces
sion will form at the intersection of St.
Charles street and Napoleon-avenue, and
will move at 2 P. M. A representative of
the Republican is invited to attend, and
will be theie.
will be theie.
English papers record the arrival in Liv
erpool of Mr. W. H. Webb, the well known
ship builder and mail contractor, of the
United States, and Mr. Body, chairman of
the Central Transit Ship Canal Company of.
Xicaragua, with the mission of moving the
maritime governments of Europe to take
part in the scientific investigation for a ship
canal tiirongh the American isthmus, and
"For-.
THE WOK BEFORE US.
The Bzraucur in not by any
one of the latter day saints on the sub
ject of reform. From the day its first
issue was published down to the present
moment it has never ceased to labor for
the best interests of the whole community.
At first we had to contend with the dis
orders created by the civil war, and the
chaos that preceded reconstruction. Our
first years were spent in battling for a
recognition of the nghts of the colored
people and the safety and protection of
their friends. Some of the journals that
are now following in our wake on this
reform question, were then using all their
influence to defeat the objects we sought
to achieve. But we have not been
turned aside in our work, and
the result is as satisfactory as it is per
manent To a certain extent the prin
ciples for which we contended in 1867
against the angry opposition of the Times
have become a part of the settled policy
of the State. They have become so strong
that they need no defender. Even those
"For-.
Se-|. wh trovefor them when they were weak
could not destroy them now that they are
so strong. To accomplish this great work
it was necessary to employ the means
proper for that end. We did not shrink
from our work because our enemies show
ered their abuse and ridicule upon our
efforts to put the ballot in the hands of
the colored race, and because we insisted
upon their right to hold office. The first
was vitally necessary for their protection,
and the latter was a natural sequence of
their newly acquired franchise.
And now that we propose to continue
in the work of reforming abuses, as well
the old ones as those which have grown
up under the new order of things, the
Times flippantly suggests the articles of
our faith, and points out those things
which, in its judgment, should hereafter
become objects of our solicitude. We
are always glad to receive suggestions,
and give to eveiy man a patient hearing.
But we can not sacrifice our right of judg
ment to others, especially to those who
are so apt to be on the wrong side as the
Times has proved itself to be. We shall,
therefore, be compelled to make selections
from the programme thrust upon us for
our swallowing by our disinterested con
temporaiy, which embraces nine proposi
tions, as follows:
1. A repeal of the tax bill, so as to arrest
the present enormous diversion of the reve
nues of the State to the enrichment of oflice
holders and favorites.
2. The abolition of the State aseessorships
and the adoption of the city assessment by
the State.
3. The reduction of the enormous patron
age and appointing power of the Executive.
4. The modification of the Metropolitan
Police bill, so as to reduce the expenses
thereof to one-half the present figures. The
other side might go a step further and
abolish the whole system and remit the con
trol of the police to the city government.
5. The reduction of the expense of the
Legislature to one-third the cost of the re
cent sessions.
6. The rigid adherence to the constitu
tional limitation of the debt of the State—
already reached.
7. The repeal of the various charters to
bogus or ideal corporations, and the annul
ment of the grants to them
ttue overhauling of the printing
8. The en
bill, so as to prevent the newspapers being
made party organs at the cost of the
people.
9. The enactment of severe penal laws
against all persons who are guilty of any
sort of bribery, venality, corruption, or ex
tortion in office.
In the first place, a total repeal of the
tax bill would be equivalent to the disso
lution of the State government, and would
not be thought a very wise act of states
manship. But the taxes may be reduced
and properly should be, and some provi
sion to secure their more faithful collec
tion would appear to us to be a very im
portantstep in the right direction. To
impose heavy taxes upon those who are
willing to pay, to supply the deficiency
caused by the refusal of another to con
tribute to the public expenses, is an act
of necessity rather than justice, and one
which a State should use all its power to
avoid. The assessed taxes remaining un
paid in this State, with interest added,
would make a prodigious sum, almost
enough, perhaps, to pay the State debt
And as there are public expenditures
which can not be avoided, there must be
tax laws authorizing the collection of the
money. The first proposition of the
Times, therefore, savors rather of destine
tion than reform.
The second proposition is more reason
able, though it looks to ad innovation of
a time-honored custom. There are dif
ferent opinions on the subject, which is
clearly a debatable one.
As for the third item, all we have to say
is, that when the people, through their
accredited representatives, are dissatisfied
with the manner in which the Governor
wields the power they have conferred
upon him, they may take it away without
dissent from us.
The Republican endeavored last winter
to secure a modification of the police bill,
but unexpected opposition and treachery
succeeded in defeating the friends of the
measure. The bill which was prepared
for that purpose was stolen in the Sen
ate.
If anything we can do or say will se
cure the reduction of the expenses of the
Legislature to one-third the cost of the
recent sessions, we shall certainly do and
say it. We know that the last session
cost the people an extraordinary sum, and
we have not failed to censure those who
were responsible for it. And as the Times
includes the Governor in its catechism, we
may remind it that he has resorted to
legal means to put a stop to the payment
of certificates issued under the pretended
resolutions of a demoralized and confused
House of Representatives. We go the
whole figure on the reduction of legisla
tive expenses.
If it is possible to annul the charters
of the bogus companies and avoid grant
ing any more, we shall be greatly re
oiced. In this connection we might in
dulge in a retort against our questioner,
but it would be out of place. We hope
to have the assistance of our neighbor in
our opposition to all manner of grants to

companies and improper parties
There is no question that the times do
not now require the present liberal State
aid to the and some change
isneeenmfy. So we shall go in for the
Nearf*
It is no compliment to the wisdom of
the old law-makers of Louisiana that
there is no statute in this State to punish
bribery and corruption in office. Atten
tion was called to the omission in the last
annual message of the Governor,,but not a
move was made to sustain him. Neither
Republican nor Democrat could be found
in either branch of the General Assembly
to prepare and introduce a bill for the
purpose of utilizing the executive sug
gestion. The Governor may propose and
recommend measures, and even approve
the acts of the General Assembly, but he
can not make laws, and neither he nor the
Republican are blamable for the laches
of the Legislature.
And now that our neighbor has com
mitted himself to some of the reforms that
we consider proper to be made, we hope
he will not forget his pledges before the
next session closes. We shall take care
to remind him of his professions and
promises, and demand fulfillment
DQTERE5CE OF OPINION.
The beauties of our government flow
from its tolerant spirit. Men are left
free to form their own judgments of mat
ters and things in general. A difference
of opinion upon leading subjects need
not therefore cause any serious alarm.
One man may be of opinion the represent
ative character of our government is in
danger of being changed by an unscrupu
lous and ambitious President into
despotic form that will suit his personal
aims, while another man ventures an
opinion that the Presidential office
fast falling into disrepute. These are in
dividual opinions grauitously given to
the public as matter for reflection. If
not correct, they do no harm. On the
contrary, they do good, for they keep
the public mind always on the alert.
There is a wide difference of opinion ex
isting at this time as to the tendencies of
our government under Republican con
trol. Gentlemen of the opposition pro
fess to see danger ahead. They pretend
to believe the measures that have been
taken by the government as a whole to
prevent lawlessness in the future, will be
taken advantage of by the President to
secure his re-election; and after that he
will become President for life. Our con
temporary, the Bulletin, thinks he might
become "Presidential Protector, First
Consul, Grand Tribune, Emperor, or
what not." And the Bulletin differs in
its judgment of President Grant's abili
ties, from the estimate placed upon them
by one of Massachusetts' distinguished
sons, the Hon. Wendell Phillips. That
paper says:
General Grant's abilities have been com
monly underrated, probably most of all by
his nearest political friends. He is not
brilliant. _ He has neither taste nor tact for
a dramatic display of his powers, whatever
they are. But, depend upon it, he is strong.
grasping, far-reaching, and. withal, is in
his way, extremely bold and adventurous;
qualities whieh unfriendly criticism may
easily construe to constitue an unscrupu
Mr. Phillips is evidently of the opinion
that President Grant's abilities as a Presi
dent are overrated. He calls him a third
rate President, and thinks the Presiden
tial office is fast playing out. He says
first-rate men are no longer chosen for
the place, and that occasionally a fifth
rate man obtains it. It is our opinion
that neither of the authorities quoted are
correct, nor do we believe they are sus
tained by public opinion. To say that a
President in this country can take advan
tage of power that has been delegated by
the people for noble purposes, and use
them for ignoble ends with impunity, is a
serious reflection upon the nation. And
with equal severity does the charge that
none but third-rate men are now chosen
for President reflect upon the people. We
have not so far lost faith in the manhood,
intelligence and virtue of the American
people as to believe that either of the
above conclusions—arrived at by indi
vidual authority—are correct. Nor do
we concur in the opinion of Mr. Phillips
that there is a "tendency toward concen
tration of power in the House of Repre
sentatives," if he means by that to convey
the idea that that branch of the govern
ment designs the abolition of the Presi
dency. The House of Representatives is
but a part of a co-ordinate branch of gov
ernment; it may help to hold the Presi
dent to a proper performance of his
duties. Beyond this, we believe, it would
find no support with the people, who
elect its members every two years. As
the direct representatives of the people,
the House of Representatives, so long as
it reflects truthfully their wishes, is a
proper place for the concentration of
power, but the moment that body attempts
to usurp the functions of the President
the fate of its members so acting would
be sealed. There is nothing more cer
tain than this. The American people are
too strongly wedded to their system oi
government to countenance any serious
encroachment of one co-ordinate branch
upon another. The duties of the execu
tive, legislative and judicial departments
are clearly defined, and any departure
from them is jealously watched by the
people and the remedy applied by them
as speedily as possible. This was the
case when President Johnson thought he
was stronger than Congress, and attempt
ed to dictate a course of reconstruction
for the Southern States. We do not be
lieve that he ever entertained the silly
idea of abolishing Congress, but he cer
tainly felt like dictating to that body
what it should do, and if the people had
not strengthened Congress the President
would have had his way. And in that
case there was no such serious matter
directly at issue as abolishing a co-ordin
ate branch of government. It was sim
ply adopting a policy for reconstructing
States that had been in rebellion. Had
President Johnson attempted the use of
extraordinary powers, not conferred by
law, such as were used by Cromwell to
get rid of the Long Parliament, we would
have considered him a fifth rate Presi
______ B »i
dent, for he certainly would have been
defeated and disgraced by the people
whose will he outraged. But President
Johnson had too much good sense for
this. He quietly submitted to the will
of the people; and fdr this one of Mass
achusetts' boldest talkers denounces him
as a fifth rate President, thus ill-natured*
ly reflecting upon the American people.
As opinions are freely given and the
government guarantees the right of opin
ion to all men, we are rather pleased than
otherwise to receive and compare the
judgments of those who aspire to judge
men and measures with an impartial mind.
If their judgment errs the public judg
ment will be very apt to detect the errors,
and so long as they are of the head and not
of the heart, no serious injury will be apt
to flow from them, either to the objects
they were intended to hit or the men
guilty of propagating error.
Whatever individual opinion maybe in
regard to the ultimate fate of representa
tive government in the United States, pub
lic opinion remains firm in its faith of
Republican principles, and though our
ultimate and greatest enemy will have to
be met in the shape of concentrated
wealth, the people will have to materially
retrograde before even that power, should
it combine for that purpose, can overcome
their liberties. We have not the remotest
idea that such an event will occur in our
day, nor do we expect to live long enough
to see President Grant, or any other Presi
dent, attempt to force himself into the
Presidential chair by any violent misuse
of power. We would as soon expect to
see this as to believe that there is any
serious notion on the part of the House
of Representatives to abolish the office of
President. We are satisfied to let men
have their opinions about these matters,
for we know they are harmless.
to
If
MONOPOLIES OF TWO KINDS.
The "odious printing bill" is a Mor
decai to the Democratic press in Louisi
ana. On suitable and unsuitable occa
sions this reminder of their lost patronage
is assailed by onr Democratic friends, as
if it were the veriest wickedness e ipal'e
of being invented. They never form a re
form party that is not based on the idea
of the repeal of the "odious printing bill,"
and their greatest clamor against the
Republican party is that it passed this
"iniquitous and villainous measure. And
yet the people do not seem to partake of
any part in this indignation. They go on
printing their advertisements as usual in
the official journals, and it does not occur
to them that they are being robbed by
being directed where they shall print their
notices, and what they shall pay for the
same. They say to themselves, "What is
the difference between printing this ad
vertisement in one paper or putting it
into another, as it will cost the same in
both, and one is about as interesting as
the other. If we .take np a Democratic
organ it bores us with the same old story
that the country is going to the devil. If
we take up a Republican paper it says
there are better times ahead. Perhaps it
is just to patronize the organ that is hope
ful and which is not always pulling open
our sores and holding up troubles that are
more imaginary than real. It seems to
us that this indifference of the public to
the wrongs of the irritated and irritating
Democratic journals is the origin of half
the opposition to the printing law, and it
still further seems to us that public opin
ion rather accepts of a provision which
exempts them from such a genuine monop
oly as the Democrats would have if there
was no printing bill to keep alive
Republican papers in the State. It is
just as well for the opposition to remem
ber that prejudice had set up a sort of in
flammable and most destructive order of
newspapers in Louisiana, and had clothed
them with all the exclusiveness, voracity
and wickedness of a monopoly; and that
it was only as an offset to this class or
guild journalism that the official parish
papers were established, in order to
foment a healthy public sentiment. We
had a fruit and fish monopoly in New Or
leans at one time that was not protected
by any law, but which was most oppres
sive upon the people. So we had a news
paper monopoly that was ruinous to the
public and political morals of the State,
and the Legislature, in order to suppress
it, was forced to adopt the "odious print
ing law. Its effect has been beneficial,
and there is a large doubt afloat whether
its perpetuation for another year will not
continue to be healthy.
The Times insists that the project of
organizing a paid fire department origin
ated with the city government, when the
fact is, that the system originated in Lon
don, Paris, Berlin, Hamburg and Ant
werp, and has been copied into most of
the Northern cities of the United States.
If we mistake not, the Times published a
very able argument in favor of the change
not more than six months ago, wherein it
not only indorsed the policy of the pro
posed system, but put forth the necessary
figures to prove that it would be highly
economical to substitute a paid depart
ment for the present volunteer arrange
ment. It is well enough to remember all
these things in tne discussion which is
now going on with so much show of in
dignation.
The Times declares that it has been
waiting for any number of days for some
body to bring forth a single argument in
favor of adopting a paid fire department
in the city of New Orleans. Perhaps if
the editor will overhaul the files of the
Times, and read his own editorials in
favor of the identical proposition which
has been proposed by the city govern
ment, he will not only find enough of an
argument to satisfy him, but he will also
discover that the suggestion did not orig
inate with the Administrators. It is highly
necessary to have something of a mem
ory to keep out of trouble with an edi
torial speculation in charge.
The Picayune bristles all over with fret
ful quills. It seldom perspires, but when
it does go in for a sweat, the exudation is
acidulous and abundant. It is now
porous about the fire department,
saying to the Aldermen, "you must
face this question one way or the
other; you shall not play with our feel
ings in this way." This is enough. If
there is any scare in the Administrators
the Picayune will bring it out.
Pnydraa S tr um
JACOB OTT*
builder.
.....Detari Street.............184
(Tivoli Circle,)_
11V ORLEANS.
^toreafitted np with dispatch. Jobb
184.
bhUyywomytly
THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION.
Stats of Lochia*a, j
Executive Department.
New Orleans, Novembers, 1871.;
In view of the many blessings with which the
past year has been crowned, and in accordance
with the proclamat.on of the President of the
United States, I, H. C. Warmoth, Governor of the
State of Louisiana, do hereby appoint and set apart
aa a day of public thanksgiving and praise. THURS
DAY, November 30,1871, and I do hereby recommend
to all the good people of onr State that upon that
day we lay aaide all ordinary secular pursuits, and
repair to onr customary places of divine worship,
there to offer thanks to the Supreme Buler of the
Universe for the blessings and mercies He has
vouchsafed to us. and to tervently supplicate for a
continuance of the divine favor.
Id witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed,
at the city of New Orleans, this eighth day of No
vember, A. D. 1871, and of the independence of the
United States the ninety-sixth.
By the Governor;
H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. Fairfax, Assistant Secretary of State.
no9
to
of
FIREMEN'S CHARITABLE
CIATION.
ASSO
Hail of tbA Board op
Sew Orleans, November II, 1871,
At a meeting of this Board, held this evening,
November 11, the following preamble and resolu
tions were unanimously adopted:
W KiKBAs, For the past thirty-six years the Fire
Department of the city of New Orleans haa been
one of the most useful and prominent of its public
institutions, performing its important mission
faithfully, energetically and satisfactorily to the
people, in time of peace, through the long gloomy
period of the war. in pestilence, and whenever and
wherever duty demanded the presence of its mem
bers; and,
Whereas, The Firemen's Charitable Association,
composed of the same self-aacrificing men, has
(during the long period of its existence) nursed
and assisted its sick, buried its dead, contributed
to the support of its widows and orphans, and has
to-day upon ita rolls one hundred and ninety
widows and three hundred children, and titty total
Orphans: and.
Whereas, An institution, whose time-honored
usefulness commands and posse sets the grateful
support of an entire community; whose charitable
code is as comprehensive and as practical aa it is
benevolent and humane; whose consistent respect
for public opinion and the rights of others, has been
as remarkable as its great utility; an institution
whose record is without blot or stain upon its
escutcheon, should not be ruthlessly changed by
those intrusted temporarily with the people's
power; be it therefore
Resolved. That the Fire Department of the city
of New Orleans views with alarm and surprise
the uncalled-for attempt of a portion of the city
government to abolish their organization, and, as
citizens, taxpayers and firemen, respectfully, but
earnestly and solemnly protest against legislation
which ia unwise, impolitic and dangerous to public
property, and the risks of underwriters.
Resolved, That in the unanimous declaration of
the New Orleans Underwriters, as expressed
through their published resolutions, in the united
voice of the public press, in the support of the Ci
tizens' Association, and in the clear and unmistak
able manifestation of public opinion, this Board
gratefully recognizes the undivided sentiment of
the taxpayers and citizens of New Orleans in favor
of the COXTISVED HXI-TKNCE OF OCR CHERISHED
Fikr Department.
Resolved, That we are ready and willing to enter
into a just and equitable contract, for the extin
guishment of fires, with the city government, and
thus to preserve unto our fellow-citizens their be
loved and time-honored organization.
Resolved, That if the City Administrators are
not yet fully alive to the loudly expressed desires
of the taxpayers of New Orleans, sad their con
stituency and creators, and want any further em
anations of popular feeling, then the Board of
Commissioners and Finance Committee are hereby
authorized, whenever in their opinion the exigen
cies of the case demand it, to call public rnaaa
meetings of the people of New Orleans in each of
the four original municipal districts of the city.
Resolved. That if it becomes necessary to call
said meetings, the delegates (in this Board) from
each municipal district he and they are hereby
constituted committees, to supervise and arrange
such meetings.
Resolved, Thst the profound and grateful thanks
of the Fire Department of New Orleans he and they
are hereby tendered to the Underwriters of New
Orleans, the press of the city, the Citizens' Associ
ation, and the people, for their prompt and cordial
indorsement and support of this organization.
I. N. MARKS,
President.
New Orleans. November 11, 1871. nol2 It 2p
SILKS AND CLOAKS
F. G. C. W. BARRIERE'S,
No. 133 Uaaal Street.
We call the especial attention of our customers
and of the public to our large assortment of new
goods, comprising—
DRESS GOODS of all descriptions.
CAStSIJIKRES
HONEY COMB, OPERA FLANNEL and FRENCH
FLANNELS, of all eBlors, for ladies' sacks.
GOODS. English. French and German
HOSIERY. Merino VESTS of the celebrated make of
Cartwright k. Warner, for ladies, gentlemen and
children.
HOUSE FURNISHING GOOD-t-Towels, Mosquito
Bars. English Counterpanes. Honey-comb Quilts.
XottiTiirliaiu Lace.
FRENCH PERFUMERY, of Coudruj; Eau de Co
logne. Extracts. Powders, Soaps. Cosmetics, etc.
l3 celebrated California
BLANKETS.
Black aud colored SILKS of Bonnet k Guinet, of
Lvons.
SATINS and Black Silk VELVETS.
KID GLOVES, one and two buttons.
We will on MONDAY make the opening of our
Cloak and Shawl Room, and he ready to show to
our customers our large assortment of French
Cassimeres, Velvet fand Cloth Cloaks, Jackets,
Sacks. Matelotes. Waterproofs and Chemises Russes
of the latest styleg. noli It
of the latest styleg. _ noli It
LATEST STYLES—LATEST STYLES
FALL AND WINTER DRESS GOODS
The Very Lowest Price*.
Scotch PLAIDS at thirty-five cents per yard.
Scotch PLAIDS, fancy colors, at thirty cents.
Striped POPLINS at forty cents.
Plain POPLINS at twenty-five cents.
Silk POPLINS at sixty cents.
Plain ALPACAS at only twenty-five cents.
MERINOES and Empress CLOTHS at the LOW.
EST FIGURES.
ALPACA-ALPACA.
The cheapest Black ALPACA in the city. I am
offering a fine Black ALPACA at only thirty-five
cents per yard, sold everywhere at forty-five cents.
All persons in need of WINTER GOODS should
not fail to call and inspect my stock before pur
'chasing elsewhere.
A large invoice of BLANKETS, from $15«i up,
AT
GEORGE BRAUNER'S,
895...........Magazine Street...........603
between Josephine and St. Andrew streets.
noil It 2p
IRON BARGE LINE.
A public meeting of all interested in the estab
lishment of the IRON BARGB LINE will be held
on MONDAY EVENING, the thirteenth instant, at
7 P. M., at the new rooms of the New Orleans Cot
ton Exchange, corner of Gravier atreet and The
atre alley.
lull attendance is particularly requested, as
business of importance will be brought up.
Gentlemen m charge of subscription lists are re
quested to hand them in on the evening of the
meeting.
JOHN PHELPS,
nostd 2p chairman Committee.
LADIES' SUITS HADE TO OBDEB
at m
NEW ORLEANS MANUFACTORY
OF
LADIES' SUITS,
143..............Canal street..............103
Either from their own or the "Factory" goods,
under the direction of a most skillful CUTTER and
FITTER from NEW YORK, whose name could be
found in the first ranks of the Fashionable Dress
makers of that city, and since she has been with
us, proved herself to possess the abilities in cut
ting and fitting, snd taste displayed in trimming,
that can not fistl to pleaae the most exacting in the
fashionable circles.
Our Factory, above the store, ia daily producing
a large number of anits of every description, in
Black and Colored ALPACA, POPLIN. SECO, BIS
MARCKS, AUGU8TANET and WATERPROOF, etc.
Also, WATERPROOF CLOAKS.
LEWIS Sc HEDRICK,
no!214 16 18 »p _'No. 103 Canal street
LOOK AT THE PRICES
or
Shirts and Hen's Famishing Gowda
AT
LEIGHTON'S.
In consequence of the dullness of trade the pres
ent season, we shall continue to offer our new
stock at extremely low prices for the coming week.
See the inducements before purchasing elswhere.
C. LEIGHTON,
Corner Canal and St. Charles streets.
pol>lt
O'DONNELL, WEMETT k CO.,
IN Da WADE'S NEW BUILDING,
043.
..Eigazine street........... 043
Corner of Jackson street.
Have received, per steamer St. Lonis, a fall line
of FURS for Radies and Children, New OPERA
CLOAKS, Cloth and Velvet SACKS, Broctie
SHAWLS; also, a full line of KNIT JACKETS for
Ladies snd Children, all of which are to be sold at
VERY LOW FIGURES.
We would call special attention to our stock of
BLACK SILKS,
Which we will offer on MONDAY, at
Prices that Can Nat Be Beat la this City.
no !2 It *p
HOUSEKEEPERS
Are respectfully informed that we have just re
ceived from
NEW YORK AUCTIONS
ASD
OTHER CHEAP SOURCES,
CARPETINGS, MATTINGS,
KUG8, CRUMBCLOTHS,
WINDOW SHADES, CURTAIN DAMASKS,
REPS. TABLE AND PIANO COVERS,
TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS,
TOWELS. QUILTS, COVERLID, BLANKETS, etc.
And will sell them at a
SMALL ADVANCE ON COST.
BRASELMAN ADAMS,
CASH DEALERS.
Nas. 3S6 and 3SS Magazine Street,
CORNER OF ST. ANDREW.
nr 12 It 2p
FOURTH DISTRICT
CARPET HOUSE.
Those who wish to refit or furnish their dwell
ings. and are in need of Brussels and Ingrain CAR
PETS. white, check and fancy MATTINGS, door
OIL CLOTHS, RUGS. MATS. CURTAINS, SHADES,
CORNICES, etc., will please take notice that we
have now in store, and are constantly receiving,
ALL ARTICLES IN THE CARPET LINE
Of the latest style and most approved patterns,
which have been purchased at great advantage,
and will he sold at VERY LOW PRICES.
B. Sc W. CRONER.
No. 551 Magazine street, corner St. Mary.
noil It 2p and Nos. 197 and 199 St. Mary street.
FALL AND WINTER DRV GOODS.
Our buyer is now in New York selecting addi
tions to our already large stock of
Dress Goods, .Melinas, Alpacas, Poplins,
Delalaes, Empress Cloths, Bombazines,
Scatch Plaids, Casslawres, Cloths, Ken
tucky Jeans, Flannels «r all Kinds, etc.,
All of which we offer bv the package, piece or
yard AT ASTONISHINGLY LOW PBICES.
Ladies will find at our store, as in years past, the
choicest patterns and best qualities, and a com
plete stock to select from. Country merchants
and planters will find it to their advantage to call
and examine our stock before purchasing else
where. Careful attention given to all country
orders, and satisfaction guaranteed.
B. Sc W. CRONER,
No. 551 Magazine, corner of St. Mary street,
noil I t 2p and Nos. 197 and 199St. Mary street
NEW ORLEANS SAVINGS BANK,
No. 187 Canal street.
(Incorporated March 15, 1855.)
OFFICER!:
L. L. GENERES,.................. President
THOMAS A. ADAMS..........Fim Vice President
raiv/w^iMn^^KS- Swond Vice President
slijOCTs LEEDS..........Third Vice President.
SAM JONES, JR...........................Treasurer.
DIRECTORS:
L. F. Generes,
d
Dr. Wm. Norton Mercer,
George Jonas.
John O. Gaint
Carl Kolin,
_ Christian Schneider,
9 Samuel Jamison.
CEXT interest allowed on de
posits. noll 3m2p
David Crquhart,
Thoma-i A. Adam8,
Thomas; Allen Clarke,
Charles^ J. Leeds,
I SftT
A NEW BRAND OF CIGARS.
SOMETHING EXCEEDINGLY FINE.
THE LEGAL TENDER.
We have just received, per steamship Margaret,
direct from Havana, a large lot of those delicately
flavored cigars, to which we direct the attention
of connoisseurs. Also, a full assortment of the
following favoi ite brands:
LA CORONA, CABANAS
EXCEPTION,
PARTAGAS, UPMAN,
INTIMIDAD, FIGARO,
zxn
STOCK OF CIGARETTES.
FERNANDEZ Sc VILLA,
noil SsrSt^ Customhouse streets.
F. NEWHALL,
40 ................Camp street................
Ha. just received a new and complete stock ot
WALL PAPER and WINDOW SHADES.
All work promptly executed by competent and
experienced workmen.
ocl5 lm 2p
PLEYEL PIANOS.
Just received ex-Ship "SAGE" a large invoice of
those favorite upright
PLEYEL PIANOS,
Invoiced at reduced prices, and for aale very low
LOUIS GRUNEWALD,
no* ft eod 2p Importer, Ho. 129 Canal street.
$20,000 IN PREMIUMS.
FIFTH GRAND STATE FAIR
MECHANICS* AND AGRICULTURAL
FAIR ASSOCIATION
OF LOUISIANA
Will be held
ON THE FAIR GROUNDS,
IN THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS,
November 18, 10, 30, 31, 33, 33, 34, 33
sad 30, 1871.
Exhibitors are Invited from every section of
America. Railroads, steamships, and other trans
portation linea, aa named in the Premium Cata
logue* (pages 10 and 11), will carry exhibitors to
and from the Fair at one-half the usual rates.
The books are now open for the entry of Machin
ery, Wares, Merchandise, Stock, Agricultural Pro
ducts, Fruits, Vegetables, etc., at the office of the
Association, in the Mechanics' Institute.
For further information see Premium Catalogue,
which will be sent to any address free of charge.
LUTHER HOMES,
oc8 2p Secretary and Treasurer, New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS SILVERWARE
MAN UFACT ORY.
Attention la particularly directed to my BILTKR
TABLE WARE, smeh ae
SPOONS. FORKS. ETC.
Ffl ce* a low a* at any Northern manufactory!
'and CHEAPER THAN IN ANT HOUSE IN NEW
ORLEANS. Quality and style equal to any. Full
guarantees given in all eaaea. Every description of
Medals, B adges Military Belt-plates, Sword Mount
ings, ate., manufactured in the meet artistic man
ner and at low prices.
A. HIMMEL, Proprietor,
de4 lvtp la 186 Povdiaa street
JOHN W. MADDEN,
STATIONER.
LITHOGRAPHER. JOB PRINTER,
a*n
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER,
73................Case* street................73
Execute* all order* with prompt:, ea* and Hi.
patch. ____ Jal9
REMOVAL. REMOVAL. REMOVAL.
THE NEW ORLEANS
SANITARY AND FERTILIZING COMPANY
Have removed to their new Office and Wareroom*
No. 33 Cup Street.
A fine assortment of
EARTH CLOSETS AND COMMODES,
OX TB*
DRY BARTH SYSTEM.
These Closets are made of CTPRESS, WALNUT
and MAHOGANY, plain and ornamental, and,under
patent owned exclusively by the Company. They
are rapidly coming into favor, and testimonials
from some of our best citizens, who have used
them for two years, can be seen at the office. Or
ders for closet* should be left at least a week be
fore they are actually wanted.
Our Closets are in use in all our public schools
and buildings, and by thousands of our citizens.
The old-fashioned health-destroying sinks will
soon be numbered among the things that were,
under the progress of the great sanitary reform.
no5 7t 2p _
THE WILSON VICTORIOUS
At the Great Okie State Fair.
THE NEW UNDER-FBEB
WILSON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.
U nriva led for SIMPLICITY, DURABILITY and
BEAUTY. Easiest to le arn ana m anage. On easy
term* of payment, at TWENTY DOLLARS LEfil
than machines controlled by "tue monopoly.*
Warranted to do perfect work. Looms at Gen
eral Southern Agency, No. 189 Cana', street, conur
of Burgundy street. AGENTS WANTED.
H. H. TRUE Sc CO.,
dc!6 Sa Bu fc Tu lv Agents
UNITED STATES
INDEMNITY CLAIMS.
For losses of property sustained daring the lata
war, viz: Claims for value of cotton, or other prop
erty taken or seized, stores and supplies taken or
furnished the United States forces, unconfirmed
Spanish claims to lands in Louisiana, bounty land
claims, etc.
The undersigned, properly accredited with the
Government Departments, has foil facilities to ob
a prompt dispatch of business therein and before tbs
Court of Claims and special committees sitting in
Washington City. Claimants under Spanish claims
to lands in Louisiana, titles and surveys entered
hut not yet confirmed, and bounty land and home
stead claimants, will have their interests promptly
attended to by applying to
MRS. C. EDMONSTON,
United States Claim Agent,
At the office of Fred B. Earheart, Notary Kid
Attorney, No. 69 Canal atreet, New Orleans.
Refers to:
Avendano Brothers, No. 155 Common street.
Judge Louis Dent, Washington City.
Hon. S. Belden, Attorney General, Louisiana.
Hob. H. C. Dibble, Eighth District Court, He*
Orleans, Louisiana.
Hon. B. F. Joubert, United States Assessor In
t emal Revenue, New Orleans. oc20 2p
SMITH? PULMONIC SIRUP
AND LIFE TONIC.
Incomparable for Consumption, Catarrh, Asthma
Bronchitis. Laryngitis, Coughs, Colds, Spitting of
Blood, etc. May be given to an infont with benefit.
The LIFE TONIC, made from the same vegetable
product of our swamps, is unequaled for Dyspep
sia, Poor Appetite, Female Irregularities, Low
Spirits, Debility, etc. With SMITH'S LIVER PILLS,
it iaa splendid preventive of Chills, Malarial Fevers,
etc. The Sirup and Tonic may be taken together,
mixed, and makes a delicious cordial, which is a
singularly effective blood purifier. Almost every
day furnishes new evidence of the triumph of this
new Louisiana remedy, for scrofulous or blood
diseases.
We give a long list of home references, embracing
some of the most distinguished families in this city.
We challenge investigation.
Ci. H. SMITH Sc CO.
_ _ No. 20 Baronne street.
Western Branch Depot, corner Walnut and Fourth
atreets, Cincinnati, Ohio. oc!5 Su TuTh lm *P
REOPENING.
SEWING MACHINES—ALL KIN
J
_ The public h*TO long desired the establishment
5** Nart, where all kinds of Sewing Machines sad
Machine Findings could be had; where tbs?
could see and compare the workings of one machine
vnth another, and select from the different makss
the machine best suited to the use to which they
desired to apply it. To such a Mart we invito ysa
at 159 Canal street. Agents wanted.
noli 2ntf M. 8. HEDRICK. General Al»t
SINGER'S
SEW IMPROVED
Family Stwlag .Machine.
THE ONLY RELIABLE MACHINE IN EXISTENCE.
Si* Hundred and Fifty Thousand
In daily use is sufficient evidence of its Superiority
Call aud examine, or send for circular and samples
of work.
WILLIAM E. COOPER Sc CO.,
508. 7 And 9 Camp street,
^oc!2 We 9 a Su lm GeuerAl Southern Agents.