THE EBESS.
THURSDAY MOHMNG* SO, 1871.
ITIaiuc Aroused.
The Board of Manufactures have now sta
ted precisely what the city will be asked to do
to promote the revival of business in Port
land. Exemption of new manufacturing en
terprises from taxation for ten years and the
appropriation of a thousand dollars for the
payment of the expenses of the board which
is to have the immediate charge of the neces
sary preliminary work—this is the whole pro- j
gramme. To the last proposition we hear
some objection; to the first, hardly any. The
time is well chosen to exempt manufactures
from local taxation, because it will be almost
ten years before a new State valuation, in
which the exempted property must be em
braced, will be taken. The State and county
tax levied on this particular kind of property
will not, therefore, have to be paid by other
persons than its owners more than two or
three years before the period of forbearance,
limited by law, has expired. Accordingly it
may be assumed that the City Council will
pass the order embraced in the report of the
board, and that in consequence the tenth cen
sus will find Portland a much larger and
wealthier city than the ninth did. It is not
likely that the suspicion of unconstitutionality
which hangs over the exemption authorized
by the Legislature will materially affect the
success of the policy, when we see towns ev
ery year taking the much graver and more
doubtful step of making direct appropriations
from the public funds for the benefit of iudi
iriilnol monufonturnc—onil flinn ltorcnoiliiwr
the Legislature to legalize the irregular pro
ceeding.
Portland is by no means alone in a newly
awakened interest in manufactures. A dis
passionate outsider might say without much
exaggeration that Maiue has gone wild on
the subject. All our State exchanges discuss
the matter with reference to its bearings on
their local interests. Judging from their dec
larations one would think that every consid
erable town from Fort Kent to Calais and to
Kittery expects to be “a great manufacturing
centre.” In Washington County the talk is
all of mammoth tanneries. In Knox and
Waldo it is mainly of boot and shoe factories.
In Gardiner it is the same. In Augusta and
Waterville it is cotton and woolen mills.
Bath and Rockland have both voted to ex
empt new enterprises irom taxation. Lew
iston and Auburn have already a fair start,
but they are still pushing things as vigorously
as if neither of them had a spindle or a shoe
shop. Houlton and Presque Isle antagonis
tic in all else, agree for once in asseverating
that “we must have manufactres.”
It is fitting that the metropolis of Maine
should take a conspicuous part in a movement
that seems to be general, and that is likely to
change the destiny of the State. Care should
be taken that an enterprise so vigorously un
dertaken does not evaporate in smoke, leav
ing its projectors and all whose enthusiasm
they have excited more dispirited and hope
less than at the start. The character of the
men who have taken the thing in hand is
such that we have no fear of such a disa#
trous result.
The Whig mistakes us. We would not
suppress the publication of a book simply be
cause its pages will prove stupid. Such a
course would make a terrible thinning out of
libraries, and not only leave a great many
writers out of employment but would ruin
the publishing business. The Press advo
cated the publication of the report, first, to
allay further excitement on this topic and
further waste of time by future legislatures;
second, that those patriotic gentlemen who
devoted themselves to the work of “saving
the sons of Maine” from the “perilous edge
of battle” by substituting paper men instead,
shall not be robbed of the glory their due,
ana that the “hearty God bless you” prom
ised them by that portion of their fellow-citi
zens then in jeopardy, shall not fall upon un
deserving heads. Because a book of history
is dull in its details, shall we forever turn our
backs upon the fact that
“Uvea of great men all remind u».
We con make oar lives sublime
Shall we deny these estimable gentlemen,
now departing, the privilege and the right, at
the expense of a grateful public, of
“Leaving (their) footprints on the sands of tqpe?”
We rather guess not.
The Boston Advertiser having copied from
an Ohio paper a statement that Senator
Schurz was laboring to unite the German ele
ment of the country into a distinctive party
and that he had given his influence against
Republican candidates in the fall elections,
particularly against Gen. Washburn in Wis
consin, learns that there is no foundation for
the report and makes the correction. Instead
of attempting to form a party based upon a
race or nationality, Mr. Schurz has repeated
ly deprecated such measures, and instead of
opposing Mr. Washburn’s election he hearti
ly favored it.
Will the Argus consult its authority for
the assertions in yesterday’s paper attributed
to Chief Justice Chase Will it not find that
it is Chief Justice Church of the New York
Court of Appeals who made the statements
attributed to Chief Justice Chase It makes
little difference to be sure; but Judge Chase
may object to take the place of a Tammany
Judge.
Political Notes.
The Boston Journal does not support the
Republican candidate for Mayor in Boston
but Mr. Gaston the present incumbent and
Democratic nominee. It and the Advertiser
have recognized each other as opponents by
longer notices than are usually found in
papers of the “Hub.”
The Boston Post is bitterly hostile to the
“passive” or “thumb-sucking policy.” It
declares that when the Democracy rally to
the support of whoever its opponents choose
to nominate, “it stoops to such cowardly
subserviency it would merit annihilation for
its treachery to every principle that gives it
vitality.”__
The Cuban Troubles.—A Washington spe
cial says that the State Department Monday
evening received advices from Havana that the
Spanish authorities were unequal to the task of
preserving order in the face of demonstrations
by the volunteers in that city, and orders were
immediately sent to Key West to despatch the
monitor Terror to Havana for the protection of
the lives and property of Americans there. The'
Nipsic, at Pensacola, was also ordered Tuesday
to the same destination, and the Kansas, now
at New York and nearly ready for sea, will fol
low with all possible speed. The Terror, if she
left promptly,should be in Havana harbor by this
time. The Spanish Minister in Washington does
not regard the troubles as likely tc lead to serious
results, and the movements of our vessels have
been ordered solely for the protection of Amer
ican interests. The Spanish officials have stop
ped the regular press dispatches from the island,
and it may be a day or two before further in
teingenoe is received. there are no new com
plications whatever between this and the Span
ish government.
How to Live to the Age of a Hundred.—
Sir Duncan Gibb, in a paper read before the
British Association, on Centenarian Longevity,
makes some very interesting statements, deriv
ed from a comparison of four examples he had
seen himself. Of these four, two were one hun
dred and three, one one hundred and one, and
one one hundred and two years old. Mr Gibb
found these peculiarities in their bodily consti
tution
1. The lungs performed their functions per
fectly in every case.
2. The blood was well circulated by a strong
heart to all parts of the body.
3. The chest was well formed and of fair
size. The cartilages of the ribs were not ossi
fied.
4. The voice was clear, sonorous and power
ful, though tremulous in two cases.
5 The heart was healthy, and free from fat
ty deposits.
6. The eyes were good, and the sight excel
lent in every case, and no sense except hearing
was unpaired. 6
““oked, chewed, or snuffed tobacco,
good.lhe min<1 was active, and the memory
and tln'‘t<,cti!esuu°"dln eaCh Ca8e WaS cxcellent,
out iife had been througli
tress. “"ee from care and dis
The lesson drawu from
that if people wish to live in I?6 i.fses Is this,
years they must have sound HI” a hundred
care of them. In oilier words tlie8\ ain<1 takl
receive that intelligent attention it°(D ,nust
and people must read and study the laws'of'i08’
giene in order to obey them. “y
Agriculture is encouraged at the Scluia (Ala
bama) fair. The “prettiest man” has received
a set of shirts, and the “author of the best es
say on working and repairing roads” has been
awarded—a diploma.
Our Supreme Court on Saiirotul Cross-
inagH.
The Supreme Court of this State has recent-1
ly delivered an opinion in this matter, in the
case of the State vs. the P. S. P. Pail road
Company, which opinion I propose briefly to re
view, as it affects the right of 30,000 citizens of
Portland, and 10,000 outside of it, to come and
go over Portland Bridge without obstruction, as
also the right of citizens over other railroad
crossings entering this city. The opinion was
delivered by Tapley, J., four other judges con
curring, and three dissenting. I quote from the
opinion:
“This is an indictment against the defendant
company for erecting and maintaining a nui
sance, by laying and putting down and using
certain tracks, with iron rails across and over a
highway situate in Portland, about six«.y feet
south of the place where the mam track of tanl
railroad company crosses said highway. Sec
tion 15, of chap. 51, K. S., provides that rail
roads may cross highways m the line of the
road but ‘the conditions and manner of cross
ing are to be first determined in writing by the
Countv Commissioners,’ and crossings not so
made are to bo regarded as nuisances and may
be so treated.’
This statute (upon the provisions of which
this indictment was drawn) makes that a nui
sance which was not one under any other pro
vision of law. Its object was to secure the ac
tion of the County Commissioners in certain
cases. Want o£ such aetion alone constitutes
the nuisance. The track and its use may have
none of the elements of a nuisance at common
law, or a nuisance as defined by. chap. 17, of the
It. S., if this action is wanting, it is under this
chapter a nuisance. If this act is not wanting,
no matter what the character of the erection or
use, it is not under this statute a nuisance. Ill
a proceeding under this act it is the material in
quiry.
To bring the case within the provisions of this
statute, it must appear that the railroad crosses
in a manner not determined by the County Com
missioners. No such allegation appears in the
indictment in this case. Without it it is fatal
ly defective. It is the material matter, without
which the act lias necessarily no more of the
element of uuisauce than of assault and batte
ry, &c.”
We have copied the substantia] part of the
UpilllUII, iUlU I1UW H.li UO UAdlUlUU II. rn, J-I1\3
indictment was not drawn under sect, 15, chap.
51, K. S., as stated by the Court, but under
chap. 17, defining nuisances. 2d, The Court
says the indictment in this case should charge
that defendant did not obtain the consent of the
County Commissioners to lay tracks, &c., thus
requiring the prosecution to allege and .prove a
negative. This is contrary to the rules of plead,
ing and reason, and law is said to be the per
fection of human reason. This was a matter
for the defence to plead affirmatively, but in
this case defendants never obtained the consent
of the County Commissioners to lay the three
tracks complained of, and, therefore, could not
plead it, and it had no practical bearing in the
case, albei t the Court switched off of the main
track here, on this side issue, so that the de
fendant went through unscathed.
But the great error of the court is in assert
ing the doctriue that if the county commission
ers authoff/.e the laying a railroad track across
a public highway, it cannot be a nuisance;
and in requiring every indictment vs. a rail
road for a nuisance in crossing a public high
way to allege that the same was done without
the approval of the county commissioners, ac
cording to sect. 15, chap. 51, E. S. The action
of the county commissioners cannot make that
not a nuisance, which 'is a nuisance in itself.—
Public highways are coeval with civilization and
existed centuries before railroads were dreamed
of, and no legislation can deprive them of their
material rights, any more tlign the legislature
could enact that in a neighborhood where there
is one rich man and several poor neighbors, the
latter may apply to the county commissioners
for leave to divide among them the property of
the rich man so as to equalize all in the manner
prescribed by said commissioners. Such a law
would be unconstitutional and void, because it
strikes at the very foundation of society, which
should secure to every man the rewards of liis
own industry. So in this case, no legislation
can deprive a public highway of its inherent
rights, as the court asserts.
We think the court errs in saying that defen
dant could no more be convicted of a nuisance
under this indictment than of assault and bat
tery. Let us carry out this idea. It is the law that
where one person assaults another, the latter
may use sufficient violence to repeal the assault
it even though he take the life of the assailant,if
be necessary,in order to preserve his own. So in
the case of this highway, which existed long be
fore the P. S. P. railroad was built or thought
of. Said railroad struck at this highway three
deadly blows in laying down the three tracks com
plained of, before this highway raised a hand in
self-defense, and yet, by law it may take the
life of the assailant, if necessary to preserve its
own. It is in itself inanimate lmt really ani
mate with the tide of human life which daily
ebbs and flows over it.
To conclude then, the indictment in this case
is good because it charges a nuisance both at
common law, and by statute. Said indictment
charging that the nuisance here was against the
peace of the State, and the form of the statute.
Practically speaking, there seems but one prop
er way for railroads to enter cities where they
cross the public highway, on bridges or with
excavation, or tunnels, at such a distance
above or below the highway as not to obstruct
travel thereon. E. H. T.
TlIW 'To A fl'IIV TV A niTAXT A 1_
crimes the Apaches maybe guilty, it is quite ev
ident that the Wickenburg stage massacre can
not be laid to their charge, as the following let
ter just received in Cambridge Mass, from a
member of Lieuteuat Wheeler's party, dated
November 7tli., proves:
Loring, Hammill and Salmon, of Lieutenant
Wheeler's party, were on the stage to go home.
Besides these, the passengers were a Mr. Kru
ger, a German; a Mr. Adams, a jeweler of Pres
cott, and “Moll Shepard,” a disreputable char
acter. The stage was an open box-wagon, top
ped with canvass, with sides to let down; the
back being generally down is rsomewliat pro
tected, from sight at least, while the front is
open to full view. An escort went with them,
as usual, through the dangerous country; i. e.
as far as Wickenburg. Six miles beyond this
place they were suddenly fired into." I do not
know how much damage was then done, ex
cept that the driver’s arm was broken. Still he
drove on some distance, till shot through the
head, when the unguided horses turned back
towards home and into danger. Kruger and
“Moll” were on the back seat, not so easily
seen and escaped, except with wounds. Both
emptied their pistols and managed to jump out
before the horses turned back, and ran on
ahead. In a mile or two they met the “buck
board’ going the other way. The driver took
them on, and, fearful of being followed, turned
back. Finally he left them and the mail in
the bushes, took a horse, and by a trail reached
the Vulture mill, near Wickenburg, got assist
ance and returned to the scene of the murder.
Two of the victims were found to be shot in
the eye, two in the forehead, and one in the
back of the head. An old man, with a black
beard, who had fought hard, was missing and
may have escaped. This man must have been
Hammill.
Heavy rifle cartridges were found, and their
use was probable from the great number of
shots fired—there bein'? twenty through the
stage. The mail had been opened, and such
letters as would contain money examined, and
the baggage searched for money. No horses,
nor harness, nor guns, nor briglit blankets, nor
any such things as Indians covet, were taken.
There is no doubt about it; they were not In
dians, nor Mexicans, as the shooting was too
good; white men did it; “road agents,” as they
are technically termed here. They generally
simply rob. It was reported that a man was
asked some time ago at Wickenburg to rob the
stage that brought “Moll Shepard” down, as
she would have much money. Kruger also hail
much money with him, as he was a government
agent of some kind. The murderers did not
find the greater part of the latter’s money, and
seem to have left precipitately.
A French Burglar.—The New York cor
respondent of the Boston Post gives the fol
lowing adventure of a French burglar, who
made an attempt to rob a large jewelry estab
lishment in New York city:
The interior of Tifiiny Co.’s palace of gold
and gems on Union square would be a most at
tractive field of operation for the gentry of the
jack-screw and jimmy, were it not for the as
sumed difficulty of getting in, which until Mon
day has been supposed insurmountable. But
the fact before which native genius quailed has
been valorously attempted by French skill and
daring. The building is of iron, closely shut
tered and securely barred. The Metropolitan
natrol the st.or** mpiv minntr.a
aud twenty special watchmen, well armed, are
supposed to keep vigil inside. It was this for-
tress which Francis Brodie, an ambitious
Frenchman, stormed and carried in the early
hours of Monday morning. Brodie established
his base of operations at the Spiugler House,
adjoining Till ally’s, occupying a room on the
fourth floor, looking directly upon the mine of 1
jewelry he intended to work. When the morn- 1
mg was gray with fog, Brodie quietly let him
self out of the window of his room, climbing
t“ coP‘nff the corresponding story
of Tiffany’s and getting in at the window with-
out losing his head while suspended over the
dizzy abyss below. It was a feat which no hon
est man could Have accomplished in pursuit of
an honorable purpose. Once inside, he slipped
on lus shoes and, guided by the snores of the
twenty watchmen, descended to the door on
which they were reposing. There he commenc
ed his work, drst making a selection of line
watches aud packing them up for transporta
tion. Then, being a man of cultivated taste, j
he took a bronze Hebe, carrying tills art treas
ure, together with a chronometer clock, to a
window on the second door. Again descending,
he made an unfortunate stumble, which arous
ed the watchmen and caused his retreat up
stairs. There, just as he was lowering a ladder
by which to make his escape, the patrol below
caught sight of him, and between the two lies-
tile forces, within and without, he was captur- J
ed before he could reach liis room. There are
curious developments not yet made public con
cerning this singular and daring robbery.
Mayor Haul was the subject of the follow- t
iug pointed resolutions adopted by the Commit
tee of Seventy Tuesday night, to which refer-
ence was made in our dispatches:
Resolved, That for the purpose of securing i
to the people Of this city substantial fmits Jt’
heir victory the recent election over corun- c
tmn, this committee propose to use every law 6
fnl effort to secure at the earliest possible mo- e
inent, the removal of the present Mayor from 1
the office he holds. Recalling the fact that it j
was he who aided in devising in the interests of
corruption the present iniquitous charter and
the plot for robbing the city treasury by the
audit of false and fraudulent vouchers; that it a
was he who tilled the various responsible offices I
aud departments with men who now have been t
condemned by the verdict of the people; that it
was lie, who having the sole power of appoint- s
ing inspectors and poll clerks, tilled these offices rj
generally with Tammany Democrats and Tam- 1
many Republicans, meaning to rob the honest
citizens of their suffrages, and when an honest
man was duly appointed Deputy Controller,
used his whole power and influence to prevent
us entering upon the duties of that office, and 1
,a, ,.lias endeavored at every step to thwart t:
•mil t ie eflortli of the people to discover
his S? t?los" wll°llave ■•ecu engaged under v
ve deZmn" the city treasury,- p
t T >“»“ediate resignation.
defy he exi ress wif ‘V\I;,yor sha11 to t,
ueiy tne express will of the people, and shall tl
>er8!3t in retaining his official position, the
‘Oininittee on legislation will be instructed to
irepare anil present to the Legislature, nnme
liately on its meeting, an act which shall be
sufficient aud effectual to remove him at onae
without waiting for the completion of the new
iharter or other remedial measures.
The Revolution in Mexico.—A City of
Mexico special of the 21st states that the gov
rnmeut is concentrating 0000 troops nearOaxa
a. Diaz is in Oaxaca with 5000 men. The
first battle between the opposing forces is ex
pected there within three days. A considera
ble number of government forces have deserted
md gone over to Diaz. Ample facilities have
been granted Juarez by Congress to put down
the revolution. Several generals aud colonels
heretofore loyal have gone over to Diaz, who
denounce the past election and advocates
reforms and new' elections. The revolt extends
from San Luis to the Rio Grande. Puebla is
also in revolt. Still the government expects to
put down the revolution. Aurelano is hovering
near the capitol with a force and the roads are
insecure. Col. Gutierrez has pronounced in
Tallancingo, Minister Mariscal is attacked in
congressional speeches for undertaking the
Mexican loan in the United States. Durango
is occupied by Borrego. Cavalis is yet faithful.
Tera Cruz is doubtful. Majia, Secretary of
War, is in command of an army in the field
and will attempt to defeat Diaz..
Frauklin County natters.
Good Sleighing and more—Fancy Horse Breeding
The Little Blue School—A Venerable Lady—
Pickpocket—An observing Kanuck—A New
Depot.
Farmington, Now. 23, 1371.
We are as you might say “living in clover”
at the present time. Turkeys, chickens, mince
pies, etc., arc the order of the day, Thanksgiv
ing Day being so near at hand. According to
tlie general custom, all the boys have a grand
sleigh ride, for which we are well prepared, as
the sleighing is excellent—never was better. A
gentleman informed me yesterday that busi
ness called him to Perkins Plantation Monday,
and he found the roads drifted so badly that he
had to put his horse up and walk nearly a mile,
as it was impossible to go through the roads be
ing drifted so badly.
Mr. Samuel Farmer of this village, has pur
chased a house and lot here and another sum
mer he intends entering largely into the breed
ing of fancy horses. He will erect a stable
capable of holding over seventy He
will bring a celebrated stallion from Kentucky,
costing him nearly $23,000.
Mr. Fletcher will commence operations in his
factory very soon. He received the first* con
signment of two car loads of gypsum from the
provinces last Friday, which will be ground in
to plaster. His stone will all come from the
above place.
The Abbott Family School at Little Blue, in
this village, commenced its winter session last
week with forty-two scholars. Mr. Blethen is
a live man, and by his efforts the school has at
tained to a very high degree of prosperity.
During the vacation just past, Mr. B. has been
remodeling and refurnishing the covered gym
nasium connected w ith the school, until at the
present time it is unsurpassed in the State.
Temple has the “oldest inhabitant,” Mrs.
Hathaway—“Aunt Nabby” as she is called—<J8
years of age. Her mental faculties and eye
sight are both in an excellent state of preserva
tion.
A man at West Farmington had his pocket
picked of a wallet containing $25, one day last
week, at the depot. Last Tuesday Mr. Charles
Vining passed through this village en route for
Brighton, with 7G0 sheep and lambs. A
Frenchman in town observed a lady passing,
with the Grecian bend. Turning to his com
panion he exclaimed:—“Oh! see dat girl! she
got crooked back; ’spose she’s got Grecian bend
pooty much, don’t it?” Capt. Stephen M.
l’ratts, of Pratt’s Corner, New Vineyard, died
last Friday, aged G8 years. He has been post
master at that place since the office was estab
lished—nearly ten years.
West Farmington is to have a depot. Since
the extension of the road across the river to
this village, they have been without depot fa
cilities. A large gang of workmen are engag
ed in remodeling the old depot at that place,
and hereafter it will be recognized as a station.
_Jack.
Stems.
To the native Alaskans our country is indebt
ed for the production of a liquor from sugar, of
such potency that it kills in three weeks.
A crazy Kentuckian, when arrested for de
molishing his house by the explosion of a keg
of powder, excused himself.on the plea that he
“hadn’t blowed it up, but blowed it sideways.”
Judge Bedford Wednesday morning extended
the term of the Court to the 18th of December,
in orclur timt tlio grand jiirj' w<»u]<l lmve time
to investigate the important cases brought be
fore them.
STATE NEWS.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
Wre learn from the Lewiston Journal that
the house of Mr. Samuel Lovell in Lewiston,
was damaged by fire Tuesday morning to the
amount of $700. Insured. !the fire took from
the heating of the funnel, the lathing coining
close to the chimney opening.
The Lewiston Journal says the opening of
travel late Monday P. M., on the new bridge
has created a feeling of general congratulation
and satisfaction. It cost upwards of $40,000.
[From our Correspondent.]
Lyceum Hall, Lewiston, will be furnished
the coming spring.
J. P. Norton, a Lewiston building contractor,
has taken $300,000 worth of contracts the past
season.
AROOSTOOK COUNTY.
The Pioneer says the first snow of the season
worth mentioning fell in Houlton last Wednes
day* There was scarcely enough for sleighing
until Saturday, when the addition of a few
inches made easy slipping.
The Pioneer says one day last week, a Swede
working at Merriam’s saw-mill, had two fingers
of Ins left hand sawed so badly that amputation
became necessary.
CUMBERLAND COUNTY.
[From our Correspondent.]
It is expected that the Freshman class at
Bowdom College the coming term will number
ninety; a greater number than ever before. The
medical class at the same time promises to be
greatly increased.
A large school house is in process of con
struction on the corner of Centre and Federal
streets, Brunswick. It is for the iirimary depart
ment, and contains four rooms, each of which
will accommodate 53 scholars. The cost will fee
about $1)000. The work is under charge of W.
K. Field, Esq.
The gymnasium class of Bowdoin College
under charge of Prof. Sargent, gave an exhibi
tion at Lemont Hall on Monday evening
which is said to have been one of the finest ever
given east of Portland.
President Chamberlain and Prof. Brackett of
Bowdom College are having their dwellings im
Proved in comfort and appearance.
AV. It. Field keeps his railroad eating saloon
at Brunswick open at night now for the accom
modation of passengers by the Pullman express
rams. lhe rooms are open nineteen out of
twenty-four hours. Out- Provincial neighbors
who are real lankees in their love for baked
jeans, have had that disli added to the hill of
;are. Tho extensive patronage received at this
;atiug house will compel Mr. Field to further
mlarge his accommodations.
FRANKLIN COUNTY.
Mr. Moore of Lewiston who has been making
;lie survey of the railroad from Phillips to
L' armington, has just completed the profile of
;he hue. The road starts from Phillips and
ollows near the river, and in the neighborhood
)f the traveled road, crossing Mt. Blue stream
md Sandy river near Mr. Towle’s in Avon
1 hence it skirts the river to Strong village,pass
lig on the highlands past. AVorthley’s and
1 untor s and then down the valley to Farm
ngton Village. The Journal says the route is
i remarkably feasible one, presenting no heavy
ntting and but little ledge.
KENNEBEC COUNTY.
(From our Correspondent.)
The two Pullman cars injured at tlio wash
iut in Hallowell arc nearly repaired at the M
R. R. workshop at Augusta. The cost of re
curs will not exceed §300. The name of the
Geneva is to be changed to Brunswick.
OXFORD COUNTY.
rPVrtTTV I'_,_J_.
The Buckfiehl Powder Co. is turning out only
wenty kegs of powder a day now. The press
1 loU-horse power broke down on Monday and
t will require a number of days to repair it.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
[From our Correspondent.]
The Maine Central Railroad Co. have erected
large car house at Bangor for the Pullman
ars.
Messrs. W. H. Pennell Co., of Portland,
avo just put new steam heating apparatus into
lie Bangor House.
The Whig says Dr. McRucr, of Bangor, has
ceil compelled to entirely abandon the prac
ice of his profession in consequence of failing
yesight.
Harriman’s livery stable in Bangor was liad
f damaged by tire Tuesday night, and a valua
le yearling colt was smothered to death. Loss,
ays the Whig, $o00 or $600, which is partially
lsured.
Two females from Bangor went to Oldtown
aturday evening, got drunk and then assault
il quiet ladies on the street. They were ar
isted and fined $10 and costs. They appealed,
ut at last accounts, says the H7ie/,'were una
le to find bail.
SOMERSET COUNTY.
Our correspondent writes that arrangements
re being made to cut over 100,000,000 feet of
miber on the Kennebec river the coming win
A movement is being made to remove the
■pre-town from Norridgewock to Skowhegan.
he matter is to be brought before the next
egislature.
IN GENERAL.
[From our Correspondent.]
An additional Pullman oar is to be added to
le Boston, Portland Bangor night express
aius the present week.
L. V. Philbrook, for a long time connected
ith the Grand Trunk Railway, has taken a
isition as conductor upon the- Maine Central
ailroad. Mr. Philbrook is well known to the
availing public as a gentleman well worthy of
le position, j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOW IS YOUR TIME
TO BUY A
GEN!
In order to close out my remaining stock of BUNS,
I have marked them
DO WIST BELOW THE COST!
FOR A FEW DAYS ONLY!
J. B> LFf AS, BO Exchange Street,
TWO DOOKS FROM MIDDLE ST.
Nov 30-dtf sn
A MIEEION IX THE FIEED!
Yes, a million of men, to say nothing of the ladies,
know by experience that
Cliristadoro’s Excelsior Hair l)ye
produces shades of color that seem to have been
brought out by nature herself. They know, too, that
it is free from all injurious matter, because they have
used it for years, and thus tested it by a process more
certain than even chemical analysis itself. In fact,
the daily experience of multitudes of both sexes, con
firms the declaration of the first analytical chemist in
America, that the Excelsior dye contains “nothing
deleterious to health.” A good dressing should he
used after the dyeing, and the best is
CHRISTADOItO’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
nov29-eodlm w48-50
BOYS LITTLE DREAM.
Boys little dream, while they are Boys
If they shall live till they are men,
How many things will mar their joys,
How much they’ll meet to cause them pain.
They little dream how cares will press,
Causing them anxious days ana nights:
How bitter foes may bring distress,
By trampling on their dearest rights;
They seldom dream they’ll not buy “Clothes,”
Coat, Pants, Vest, Hat and Shoes complete,
As they do now at Geohoe Fexxo’s,
Corner of Beach and Washington street.
Bostox, Nov. 30,1871. dlw sn
INTERNATIONAL
I k I A I r% A k I B» A /N
IIMOUnnivUL. VjKJ.j
NEW YORK.
CASH CAPITAL, $500,000.
Statement of the Intcinational In
surance Co., Nov. 2, 1871.
Cash in Leather Manufacturers' National
Bank...$152,420.51
Cash on liaud. 2,448.00
U. S. 5-20 Bonds.(Markot Val.) 22,250.00
IT. S. 10-40 Bonds... 100,250.00
U. S. 6 per cent 30 year Bonds 380,812.50
U. S. 6 per cent. 1881 Bonds.. 11,525.00
State Bouds. 55,170.00
Market National Bank Stock. 2,688.00
Beal Estate. 200,000.00
Loans on United States Bonds. 237,475.00
Loans on Bond and Mortgage. 110,400.00
Premiums in course of transmission. 119,511.3
Debts for Premiums. 27,605.1
All other Securities. 17,073.50
Total Assets.$1,466,720.01
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment)
Including all lossct at Chicago j
Other Claims. 3.2J0 $608,265.00
Capital and Surplus---$858,455.0V
GEO. W. SAVAGE, President.
HAMILTON BBUCE, Vice President.
WILLIAM T. HUGHES, Secretary
State of New York Insurance Department,
Albany, November 2, 1871. j
In pursuance of the request of the International
Insurance Company of New York, I have examined
its affairs and find its condition is as follows:—
The Company has assets securely invested anc
available to the amount of 61,466,730. After de
ducting or providing for all liabilities, including rein
surance reserve and losses by the great tire at Chica
go, the Capital of the Company, 6500,000, u
wholly unimpaired. These facts are, in my judg
ment, sufficient to commend theCompany to the cntiri
confidence of the public. GEO. \V. MILLER,
Superintendent Insurance Department.
W. D. LITTLE CO., Ag’s.
OFFICE,
49 1-2 EXCHANGE STREET.
nov21 d&w3wis
The Musical Treasure!
A New Book which will be a most acceptable
HOLIDAY PRESENT;
AND is indeed a Treasure, being filled witl
Sparkling Songs, Dart*, (Quartette*.
Rondos, Polka*, Polka mazurkas, Sehot
tiMche*. (Quadrille*, Galop*, ITIarehe*, Foui
Hand Piece*, Ac., all of the best Quality.
At it ale Jitter! fit r t‘lnno-forte or tteetfl itrcfw it.
Price, Boards, $2 50; Cloth, $3 00; Full Gilt, $4 00
Sent post-paid on receipt of retail price.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO., New York,
nov 28 d&w48tc
FOVKLL VALPEY,
Cor. Congress Brown Sts.
Have now in Stock and are selling
Silk Plushes at 63 75 per yard.
Velveteen, all color*, 61 OO per yard.
Repellants, 1 1-3 yd wide, 85c.
7 yd* Shirting Flannel for 6^ OO.
13 Roll* Ratting for 81 OO.
Seamless Felt Skirts, best quality, 83 3S.
RIk. twilled Silk finished Velveteen, 37
inches wide, 81 OO per yard.
5 Prs. Ribbed all Wool Hose, 81 OO.
4 Extra Heavy for
91 00.
10-4 While Blankets, 93 00 per pair,
worth 94 OO.
Bates 11-4,9195.
QUILTS
Front 9195 to 99 00.
WHITE E L A N N E L S
95c to 91 per yard.
linen bosoms
Front 30c o 00c each.
Our Entire Stock if Kid gloves at
Cost.
Joseph Kids 75c 2 Button Kids 81 15
45c Beatrice Gauntless 1 75
Together with a large assortment of Dress Goods,
Shawls, &c., &c. Call and examine.
no25eodtf S, T,T
GOLD- DUST.
GOLD DUST.
It ia the bent Flour n Portland for the
Mon *y!
GOLD DUST.
It never fails to please the moat fnstideous#
GOLD DUST
I* bought and used, by old, retired, Flour
Merchant**.
GOLD DUST.
I have sold 100 barrels of it, and not out
returned
GOLD DUST.
If once used, you will always use it!
GOLD DUST.
Don’t fail to come for it. It will certainly
make home happy, l'os will hear no more
“jaw” from your servant airU. It is sura
to plrane.
WHOLESALE AJTD RETAIL.
85 COMMERCIAL STREET,
OPPOSITE THE OLD CLOCK!
W. la. HALL,
no23dtf Late Japan Tea Store.
bombs
State of Maine,.
Portland,. g,H
Bn,h>. C’s
Chicago,. y,M
Cincinnati—Water Loan,. T’s
Hamilton County,Ohio,.. .7-30’s
Leeds 4 f nrmington R. R. O'*
Principal anil Interest guaranteed by the Maine
Central Railroad Company.
Portlund 4 Rochester R. R., y?s
Portland Ogdeusbnrg R. R Raid, C’s
Central Railroad of low„, 7’s
For sale by
H. M. PAYSON,
32 Exchange St., Portland.
weeks, if you sta ike while the iron L hot. Address
A\MjKSMiKY CO.,
l-'i Exchange Mtrcct*
_tio28deod2w w!8-3w Fortland, Me.
OFFMC£S~VO IsET*
F ^Pieohnd 'n8>cS>ICE!|’ s,'con<, siorv, over stores
ill kte improlemems traial A'teU up wi,U
Novl-d&w2 H- N- J0SE’
nova U4.W._ 194 loTe8t.
Board for Horses.
tr0,n 50 t0 *3 00 per week. Satis
M« <¥'t,0MW8,r*ra,1,ed* hi. A. CHURCH.
Naples, Novll. uol5d2w
oPEClAI. NOTICES.
S E L L I N GAT COST!
HAVING DECIDED TO CLOSE OUT MY STOCK OF
Carpetings, Crockery Wave, Window Shades, Plated Ware, Cutlery,
Wooden and Tin Ware, S shall sell at Cost until the
entire large stock is sold.
YThen I intend to iiinkr n Kpreiulity of tlic^FiiruiSiirc IScimIiicmm. Having already
the Lnryt'Mt Slot k of Furniture in the Slate, nearly all of tny own mauuf ueiiire* which
I can warrant to give cutire KpiNfuclioii. E*lea*e give me a call before purehuMing
and Nave money by no doing.
GEORGE A. WIIITNEY, (Successor to Woodman Wliitney.)
Nos. 59, 54 56 EXCHANGE STREET.
nov28 lm
GOING TO CHICAGO
The undersigned wou’d le'pr'ctfully inform th“ public that lie intend* to icmore to Chicago a ter Jan
uary, 1872. Belore th.it lime we Khali sell our Flock ot
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAW COST!*
Ihose who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargain will call immediately.
100 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight I
My Irienda and patrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor fhc liberal patronage bestowed on me
during my residence in tLis city.
.T. SISK,
J'T'l Fore Street, I?ortl»ncl.
Very Desirable Real Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT BARGAIN!
As the owrer intends REMOVING TO CHICACO; consisting ofa 2 1-2storv Bri- k Rouse No. 9 Oliai
harn Street, in good repair; lo: 46 by 50, a good dunce M a Mechanic or busing man to gut a desiranle
borne. Also a briclc building corner ot' Midd e and Chatham Streets, lot 35 by SO* Ano the n»*xa lot
adjoining, containing ibice wooden itoics; lot 55 by 120; and one ’arge wooden stable. rIL property will
be sold in seperaie lots or all together, making in all a lot of 90 bT. 110 'Ill's is an (xcellenf chance ior in
vestment, as this property is sure to increase in value, being on it e piindpal street in ilie city.
For particulars call ou J. F. SIMM..
nov7tf 171 Fore Street.
sidling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank’of London,1
a
AND THE—
Provincial Bank cf Ireland
And all ilH Bi'aiiclirs.
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN it- HONS,
jet3-sntt 97 fexchaugc St.
~s7b. goweli7~
Anticipating leaving the city now oilers his entire
stock ot Foreign and Domestic Dry and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and w ill continue the sales only
until he sells his bouse. [See advertisement by Geo.
It. Davis Sf Co.) How is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchase*.
ISP-Come early and avoid the rush. sep7-3ntt
The Cause and Cure of Consumption.
The printary cause ot Consumption Is derangement
ot the digestive organs. This derangement produces
deficient nutritiou and assimilation. By assimila
tion 1 mean toar. process by which the nutriment ot
the tood is converted into blood, and thence into the
solids of the t ody. Persons wiih digestion tMiaim
paired, having the slightest predisposition to pul
monary disease, or it they take ccld, will bevtry li
able to h ive Consumption o' the Lung* iu son.c ot
its forms; and i hold that it will be Impossible to cure
anv caseo ‘(Consumption wi to out first restoiinga good
digestion aud bealiliy assimilation, l lie very urst
tiling to be done is to cleanseihe stoma* li and bowe’s
from a'l diseased mucus and shm-i which is logging
tlfese organs so that they canuut porionn iheiv func
tions, and then rouse tip and restore the liver to a
healthy action. Tor this purpose, the surest ai d best
remedy is Scbenck’s Mandrake Fil s These Fills
cleanse the stomach and bowels 01 all the dead ami
morbid slime that, is causing disease ami decay in the
whole sys cm. They will clear out the liver ol all
diseasttl bile that has accumulate*! there, at.d arouse
It up to a new and haty action, by wlii.li iratu.al
anti healthy hue is sccre ed.
The stomach,bowels and liver ate thus cleansed by
the use ol Sell nek’s Mandrake Pills; but there re
mains iu the stomach an excess ol acid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In the bowels,the
lac teals are weak, and require strength and support.
It is in a condition like this that bchcnck’a Stawe*d
Tonic proves to t*e the most valuable remedy ever
discovered, it is alkaline, and iis use wil. neutralize
all excess ot acid, making the s munch sweet and
iresli; it will give peimanexit tone to tuls impo taut
organ, and create a good, hearty appetite, and pre
paretbo system for the lirst process ot ago id digestion
and ultima ely make good, healthy, living bloxl.—
Aitcr thts preparatory tre diueut, what remain* to
cure ino:t cases of Consumpiiou is the tree aud per
severing use ot Schenck’s Puimonic Sjiup. Tho
Pulmonic Syrup nouiishes the system, purifies ttie
blood, and is. i e iddy absorbed into the circulation,
and then, e distriouied to ilxe disea.-ed .tings. there
it ripens ad morbid matiers, whether in tlie form of
abscesses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel all the diseased matter in the orm of nee ex
pectoration, wheu once it ripens. It is then, by the
grtat healing and pui itying properties or Schen. k’s
Pulmonic S> iup, that alt uliersen I cavities are h- al
ei upsouud and my pgtieut is curd.
The cPnonHil tliinc tn bfttlflne In cnrttisr <~*n on mo
tion is to get up a no d anrf’ile ami a good digestion
so ihat the body will grow in flesh ami gee strong.—
if a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess
there, the cavity cannot heal, il.e matter cannot rip
en, so long as the system Is bdow par. Wha* is nec
essaty to cure is a new order ot things, a good appe
tre, a goid nutrition, die bodv to grow in flesh and
get fat; then Na ure is helped, the cavities will heal,
the in cider wiil ripen and be thrown ott di 1 .rare
qnamities, aud the person regain health aud strength.
Tills is the tiue and only pl.t 11 to cure Consumption,
ami if a person s very bad, it the lungs aie not en
tirely destroyed, or even it one mug is entirely gone,
ir there is enough vitality Jen in the other to tisai up
there is hope.
1 have seen manv persons cured with only ouo
sound lung, live and enjoy life to a good old age.
This is what Schenck’s medicines will no to cure
Consumpil *n. They wilt c ean out the stomach,
sweoteu and s^reugtlen it get up a go;d digestion,
aud give Naluie ibe assistance she Leeds to clear the
sys cm ot all the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever the lorrn miv be.
It Is important mat, while using Scbenck’s medi
cines, care should be exercised not fo fake co'd: keep
iu-ioors in cool and damp weather; av id night air,
and take out-door exercise only m a genial anu watm
sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood .uat when I recom
mend a patient lo be caretut iu regari to taking cold
wl.ile using my medicine. 1 do so lor a special rea
son. Arnni wllo has but paribdlyhecovt-rei from the
eflects of a bad eoM is tar more liable to a relapse
than one who has tc*. n entirely cut ed, and it is pre
cisely the same ia regard to Consumption So long
as the lungs are not perfectly healed, just so Ions is
ihere imminent danger ol a mil return ol the dis
ease. Hence it is that I so strenuously caution pul
monary paiieuts ugtinsc exposing t cm selves to an
atmosphere that is not genial aLd pleasant. C n
tirmed consumptives’ lungs are a mass ot sores,
wuich the least change of atmosphere will inflame.
'The gran i secret o< my success w ith n.y medicines
consists in my ability to subdue inflamation instead
ol provoking it, as uidny ol the faculty do. An in
flamed lung cannot with saiety to the patient, be ex
posed to thi bitieg blasts *>t winter ox the coiling winds
of spring or autumn. It sho *ld be cate.ully shielded
from ail irritating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in tliis particular, as without it a
cure under almost ary circumstances is an impo-si
bility.
i he person should bo kept on a wholesome and nu
tritious diet, and alt the medicines continued until
the body has rest or. d to it the natural quantity cl
flesh and strength.
1 was my ell cured by ibis treatment ot the wor t
kind of Consumption and have lived to get .at and
hearty these many years.with one lung mostly gone.
I have cured thousands siuie, au*l veiy many have
been cu ed by this treatment whom 1 have never
■a.'-rn
About the first nl October I expect to lake p sses-
sioti ot my new bnjUiiugat il»e Bonh-caid corner of
Sixth ami Arch strolls, where 1 shall be pleased lo
give advice to an who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my rnuedies.so that
a per.^ou in aoy part 01 the world can be icauily
cured by a strict observame oi ihc same.
J. H SUHKNCK, M. D., Philadelphia.
GEO. GOODWIN, C’O., Agent*.
BOSTON.
I
i
1
BURNETT’S COCOAINE,
FOR PROMOTING TIIE GROWTH OF AND
BEAUTIFYING THE HAIR,
l
AND RENDERING IT DARK AND GLOSSY.
The COCOAINE holds, in a liquid form, a large*
proportion of deodorized
COCOA-NUT OIL,
PREPARED EXPRESSLY FOR THIS PURPOSE.
NO O T 19 E It COMPOUND
posesses the peculiar properties which so exactly
suit the various conditions of the human hair.
For sale by all Druggists. no29tf sn
SEXUAL SCIENCE,
By Prof. S. S'cvicr.
SEXUAL SCIENCE explains NATURE’S LAWS, 'J
as applicable to the sexes. No one familiar with e
Fowler’s writings, will doubt the GREAT 1‘RACTI- 1
CAL VALUE OF THIS WORK to every adult man c
or woman. g
ATWELL CO., 174J Middle St.,
Agents for Portland and vicinity.
nov29-2w
On Marriage.
floppy Belief for Young Men from the et-
lects oi enors »nd abuses in early Lie. Manhood re- 1
sored. Impediments to marriage removed. JSew !i
method cf treatment. New and remarkable nine- n
velopes. A«ldre.-s HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
South Niuih street, Phiiadelpfiy, Pa. uovlsiu!3m
BOOTS AND SHOES!
-AT
REDUCE I) PRICES. c
_ e
Men’s French Kip Boots, at $5.50, former price S6.00 J
Men’s Kip Boots, at 4.50, former price 5.00
Men’s Kip Boots, at 4.00, former price 4.50
Men’s Calf Boots, at 5.00, former price 5 50
Men’s Calf Boots, at 4.50, former pices 5.00 j
Boy’s Winter Boots, at 2.50, former price 3.00 J
Also a good assortment of Boy’s Youth’s and Chil
dren’s Kip and Calf Boots.
Ladies’ Foxed Button Boots, §2.75, former price $3.00
Ladies’ Cloth Button Boots, 2.50, former prit e 2.75
Ladies’ Foxed Polish Boots, 2.25, former price 2.50 4
Ladies’ Cloth Polish Boots, 2.00, former price 2.25
Also a large assortment of Misses’ and Children’s
Boots and Shoes, at very low prices.
These goods are all of the best work and stock, and
all warranted, at I
WM. I>. TRUE’S, b
No. 353 CougrcMM Sfrrpt.
OP* Men’s Toilet Slipj ers Bottomed, and Repair-
ing neatly done. no29dlw*sn
To be Let.
fTUiE three storied Brick store VC4 Fore street, hot
1 orpines, in *o a condi'i >n. with hois j p. j
par i*us Irum sub cedar to the thrid story. t,
A .ply to ,J. it. BRAZIER, 47 Bncke st.,
or an N. Gcold, Merchant Tailor, 117 Midilc strut. F
nolOdlwis tf
'JL' 1 I
rpiIE Cigar store that wao advertised for sale at 229
X Cougress street, has rc n»nv« 4 back tot be o'd
stand on Exchange street, where I wid still luinu
picture tbe choicest brands of cigars. I will invite
all my customers and trie ads iu general to call and
examine my go.wis and get posted ou t lie prices. 1
have all brands of Imported Cigars, and tine brands
of Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two fitpt class Cigar Makers—no pnor ones
wanted. E. PONCE. No. SO Exchange St.
1-tt
Ladies Cloaks
m
-AND
Winter Jackets,
AT
EASTMAN ERG’S.
332 Congress Street.
October 31- sn dtt _
Stock Stand for Sale
As T contemplate leaving the ci y will sell my
stock and place or business at great d sc >unt.
I shall sell at rttail cheaper lhau ever until I close
out my stock ot
Whip Timber. Plank, Wpnr*. C Slices, Deck
ing, and Tr.cniiih.
Also 30.000 Cethr R. R. Sleepers. exha siz*.
For particu’ars call on JL. TA Y’JLtk 8?.
septi9-sutt lio Commercial st.
~EXCH AN (i E
Euglaiid, Scotland oml Ireland!
/In'* tJ
v%y w v v -ai-a. iv vv
-A!iD
Ready for immediate Delivery!
IN SUMS TO SUIT I
WSl. WOOD,
7 Exchange St.
Agent lor Hcury Clews Co, IN. Y.
Juue27-tf bh
Procure rff ickets
SBB W. D, Lit le Oc.’s,
OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENCY
Travelers for California
and the Wc*t, Mouth and Northwest, may ob
tain llii'ougt' 'fi' cR«-t», by the best »n<l nao-l
»i-om Pnrt’nt d, or B itftoit. OS
JSfew \crb. to anv p. tut desneu ui »u©
inns at tht old and reliable Urron i’ieket Agency,
TV. D. LITTLE <t~ CO.,
Office 49 l-‘£ Exchange *t.
{gp^Ke'iable in'ormation cheerfully furnished at
all limes. au2Cd it sn
Rave liance.
A rare chance lor a person to engage in ihe
Retail Shoe Business.
Stand one of the bet in the city. For particular*
call on or addiess
C. 11. STAPLES,
?■’o 50 Onion Street.
nov20 tf
now applying with great, sucres* to all setsot tee.h.
Iliemerhod of aprl,iug this rioze to art ideal ieetti
is an invention oi my own. 11/ its u*e the in* st
J'flic.ult mouths tan t>« lit tel, and ail persons about
lo have t«-ei b in-cited will be sure of a pcitecr fir by
having this ri >gs used. Every set ot teeth nude by
me wiili this li.lve applied will bo properly adjusted
?o as lo fit the mouth perfectly, or no jay will be ac
cepted tor ihe work done. Ill se who have sets ot
leetli whi :h do not tit c*u have them lvg.-t this
ridge applied, and warranted to fi or no charge will
tie made. CAKLTON KtVBALL, D D. S,
Mo It Clapp’s Block, corner ol Congro s and Elm
streets, Portland. nolldti
BETTER AND CHEAPER
THAN ANY OTHER
BOOTS AND SHOES:
THOSE FASTENED WITH
HALT.T? snnrw WTTTtTT
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, more
Comfortable, anil Water-proof, and are warranted
lot to Rip or (Jape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
n excess of sewed or lagged work of a like grade,
heir Durability is far greater, they preserve their
lhapo much better, and the metalie fastening insures
l more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The immense demand having called forth iraita
ions, consumers should be sure that every boot or
hoe bears the Patent Stamp.
Hold by BralcrH Everywhere,
no28sn7w
1/'OR SALE
rllE new two story French roof house, just fin
ished, i n Cushman st.; house piped h r Sebago,
md all the modern improvements. Enquire on the
•remises or No 25 Emery st. J. A. TENNEY
sep5dif sn
LEA PFRRIN’a" SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
“The Only Good Sauce.”
It im tovps appetite and digestion, and it is unriv
jed lor its flavor.
We are directed bv Messrs LEA PFBRINS to
•rosecute ail parties making nr fowling ronnferfeit*.
JOIliK DINCAN’M HOWH,
augl2snom Agenis, New Yoik.
GRAHAM FLOUR
OF A SUPERIOR QU »UTV
Fresh from Ibr Mill. Also tlio celebrated
T O S T ft ft 8
lu<l Othi^r Choice Hi'andsi.
bilAW, U.UI3IVND CAOAEV.
oc9 d3m
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dye is the best in the world—per
ictly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
ppointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor,
he genuine Win. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
i IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
•Town, leaves the hair clean; sof.t beautiful; docs not
mtaiu a particle of lead or any injurious compound,
old by all Druggists.
Factory, 16 BOND STREET, N. Y
_jyll SN D«&W 1Y
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in fiist class bended warehouses on
town's Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
tud Sugar Co’s buildings York Daniorth and Com
ciuai
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. C. BROWN SONS,
jylosn_97 Exchange Street.
To the Consumptive.
Let those who languish under tho fatal severity of
ar climate through any pulmonary complaint, or
ven those who arc in decided consumption, by no
leans despair. There is a safe and sure remedy at
and, and one easily tried. “WILBUR’S COM
OUND OF COD LIVER OIL AND LIME,” with
ut possessing the very nauseating ilavor of the Oil,
9 heretofore used, is endowed by the phospliate of
me with a healing property which renders the oil
oubly efflcaclonu Remarkable testimonials of its
Hcacy can be exhibited to those who desire to see
lorn. For sale by A. B. WILBOR, Chemist, No. 106
oort St., Boston. sti nov28-Tu-W-Th
_MABBIED.
In tills city, Nov. 27, by Rev. Mr. (1 ill!IS, Asa W.
ratt mid Miss llattie A. Proctor, botli of West
rook.
In lliis city, by Rev. Wm. B. llayden, George W.
wen and Miss Alice II. Sweetsor.
In this city. Nov. 211, by llev. A. H. Wrieht. Glms.
7. Strout and Miss Fllen E. Wylie, li *tli of ,V.7,lV;in
in this city, Nov. 2S, by Itev. W. li. H. Phlsbiiry,
lias. II. Taylor and Miss Lillian G. Eldrcd, boili oi
In Bristol, Nov. 27, by Alex Vatos. Es-p. Samuel F.
rskiue and Miss Martha V. Richards, both ot Brts
In Augusta, Nov. 28, by Rev. E. Martin, William
Frost, Esij., of Norway, and Miss Sarah Helen,
iughter of the late Dr. Alvan Keith, of Augusta.
_DIED.
«l£'l Mrs’ EllC" P" “f Leonard Rom,
[Faher.il services on Friday afternoon at 2 o’clock
at No. 1G Casco street. U0CK>
In this city, Nov. 28. Harriet Kingsbury.
[Funeral services Friday afternoon at 21 nVWir
at No. 33 Danfortli street. 1 OCK’
In Scarboro, Nov. 28, of congestion of the lungs,
Mrs. Dorcas, wife of Ah in Waterhouse, aged 59 years
7 months.
In Standisli, Nov. 8, Mrs. Dorcas, wife of Theodore
Hutchinson, aged 72 years 7 months.
In Chestorvllle, Nov. 23, Mrs. Hannah, widow of
the !«te Samuel Lowell, Esq., aged 72 years 9 mouths
and 10 days.
DEPAKTI BE OF 04’FAN *TFA 7IFKN
name from for date
Manhattan.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 1
Hibernian.Portland—Liverpool.Dee 2
(Oceanic.New York.. Liverpool.I h e 2
Viile de Paris.New York.. Havre.Dec 2
Cleopatra.New York. .Havana.Deo 2
Oity of London.New York.. Liverpool.Dec 2
Algeria.New York.. Liverpool.Dec 6
Colorado.New York..Liverpool.Doc 6
Moravian.Portland-Liverpool.Dec 9
City of Antwerp_New York. .Liverpool.Doc 9
Wisconsin.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 13
miniature Aliuauur.November 30.
Sun rises.7.09 I M-»on rises. 7.15 PM
Sun sets.4.29 High water. 1.15 PM
POBT OF PORTLAND.
Wednesday, Nov. *-29.
ARRIVED.
Steamship Moravian, (Br) Graham, Liverpool lGth
inst—passengers and mdse to II A Allan.
Steamer Franconia, Bragg, New York,—passengers
and mdse to llenry Fox.
Brig Mary C Mariner, Durgiu, Philadelphia—ooal
to L billings.
Sch Day Day. (Br) Davidson, Hall’s Harbor, NS—
wood for a market
Sch Angola, Bellaty, Port Johnson—coal to Jos H
Poor Brn.
Sell .1 K Howard, (Br) Howard, Providence, to load
for St John, NB.
Sch Halcyon, Carter, Harpswell.
RETURNED—Sch Jas G Craig, lienee for Util*a»
with maiuboom broken.
CLEARED.
Bjig An till as, Thestrup, Havana—Isaac Emery.
Brig Amelia Ann, (Br) Izett, Halifax—John Port
eons.
Brig A D Wliidden, (Br) Ellis, St John, NB—John
Porteous.
Sells Belle Barbour, (Br) Sullivan, and Laura, (Br)
Foster, St John, NB—John Porteous.
Launched—At Hodgdou’s Mills recently, from the
yard of Wm W Leary, two schooners of 70 tous each,
l»y parties in Wellttoet.
Messrs Hutchins Stubbs, of Yarmouth, arc to
build u three masted schr of about -loo tons, for Capt
Loring, of schr liuth H Baker, to be liuished next
spring.
MEMORANDA.
Sch Isis, Bullock, from Port Johnson for Portland,
put into Newport 25th, leaking badly, having struck
on Watch Hill Ledge same day. She has a cargo of
coal for Jos H Poor Bro, aud she will probably dis
charge and sell it at Newport.
Sen Viilage Bride, of Westport, Mo, from N York
for Norfolk, went ashore at Egg Harbor 2Gth lust and
was totally wrecked.
Sch Rocket, from Calais, with lumber for Marble
head, struck on the Breakers near the latter port on
Tuesday evening, aud was towed into port by schr S
Nightingale. Damage not stated.
Sch L M Strout, Dean, from Elizat>ethi>ort for Bos
ton, put into Edgartowu 24th, leaking badly and will
discharge for repairs.
DOMESTIC POliTN.
GALVESTON—Ar 2Uth, sch Mary B Harris, Crow-
lev. New York.
NEW ORLEANS—Cld 24th, barque Investigator,
Ford, Havre.
PENSACOLA—Sid 23d, brig Charlotte, West, for
Mata me as.
Ar 20tli, sch G D King, Eldridge, Cicnfuegos.
SAVANNAH—Ar 27tli, ship Ellen Goodspecd, Gil
man, Antwerp.
fclld 27lh, sens Maliel Hall, •Bartlett, Bridgeport;
Jane Fish, for May River.
NORFOLK—Ar 25th, ship Uncle Joe, Sc wall, from
Baltimore for Liverpool.
Cld 27th, sch Fanny Keating, Kane, Trinidad.
BALTIMORE—Ar 27th, sch Active, Coombs, from
Norfolk.
Cld 27th, sch> A F Amos, Achorn, for Charleston;
Marcus Hunter, Orr, Portland.
PHILADELPHIA—Ar 27th, sch F A Heath, War
ren. Boston.
Cld 25th, sch Frank Emily, Cobb, for East Cam
bridge.
Ar at Delaware Breakwater 28th, brig John Cristal,
Hees, Arecibo, (with 2d mate and two men of brig
Mary A Davis); Cascatelle, Simmons, Fernaudiua.
Sid 28th, sell Nellie Star, for Galveston.
NEW YORK—Ar 27th, ship Hope, Hancock, New
port, E; Son tag, Herriman, Sail Francisco July 9;
barque More Castle, Jewett, ftn Rio Jauciro 48 days;
sells Carrie S Webb, Day, Georgetown, SC; Elvira,
Bancroft, do; Mary Brewer, Saunders, Rockland;
Carrie L Hix, Hix, do; Redondo, Moore. New Bed
ford Maria Roxana, Palmer, fui Salem for Philadel
phia.
Cld 28tli, barque Ada Gray, Race, Buenos Ayres;
Carib, Townsend, St Croix; Vanguard, Nichols, Gal
veston; schs Ella Hay, Jelliaon, Mayaguez; Louise
Smith, Miller, Jacksonville.
Ar 28th, brig Juliet C Clark, Moore, Matanzas; sch
Geo Washington, Sherlock, Baraeoa 10days; Wes
tern Star. Crowell, Rockjnirt, Me.
Passed through Hell Gate 27th, sch H S Billings,
Billings, ftn Port Johnson for Boston; .Moses Patten,
Rich, Philadelphia for Providence; Onward, Arcy,
Elizabcthport for Lynn; Sarah Wooster, Leland, do
for Providence.
PROVIDENCE—Ar 27th, sobs Dolphin, Smith,
Elizabethi>ort.
Below 28th, sells Addle Murchie, Smith, fin Calais;
Hyena. Gardiner, from Portland.
Sid 27 tli, sch D Sawyer, Rogers, New York.
Sid 28tli, brig Jos Clark, Stahl, Brunswick, Ga; sch
Mary Shields, Waite, New York; Annie Murchie,
Merrill, Calais.
NEWPORT—Sid 27th, brig Lucy W Snow, Hall,
Rockland for Galveston; sells Potomac, Carver, from
Baugor for New York; Sarah Maria. Harding, do for
Bridgeport: Idaho. Davis. Portland for New York:
C i Gerrisb, Armstrong, fm Calais for Philadelphia;
Ella Frances, Bulger, do for New York; Challenge,
Blekmore, Fall River for do.
TttGHTON—Ar 2tith. sch S A Haimnoud, Haines,
Georgetown.
FALL RIVEU-Ar 28th, sch Kato Walker, War
ren. Philadelphia.
NEW BEDFORD—Ar 28th, sch Mary Means, Park
er. Calais.
VINEYARD-HAVEN—Ar 27th. schs A M Bliss,
McIntyre, Gonaives for Boston; Everglade, Dow, fm
Alexandria fordo; Sarah, Mitchell, Calais for Anpo
naiig; Ida L Howard, Harrington, Hoboken for Port
land: Percy, Colwell, Port Jonnson for Easi|M>rt.
Sid, brig Ida L Ray; schs New Zealand. Warren
ton, Hyena, Lehanah, Lochiel, Dresden, Fred Gray,
Geo Kilborn, Olive Dyer, Canary, Nora, Ocean Belle,
and Kioka.
Ar 28tli, brig Iza, Thompson, Bonaire 18 daj’s for
Portland; sells Josephine, Higgins, Hoboken for Bos
ton; Union, Sawyer, New York for do; Olive Hey
ward, do for Portlandd; Gen Meade, Allen, do for
Lubec; Helen G King, Marshall, from Calais for New
York.
EDGARTOWN—Ar 24th, sebs L M Strout, Dean,
Elizabethport for Boston, leaky; Jas Henry, Wilson,
<lo for do American Chief, McFarland, Now York
for Portsmouth.
BOSTON—Ar 28tli, schs Whitney Long, Haves, fin
Baltimore; Narragansett, Haskell, fm Philadelphia;
Zeyla, Crowell, and M W Hupper, Oilman, do; Net
tie Cushing, Shaw, Klizabethi*ort; E H Nash, Cole.
Port Johnson; L Holwav, Hudson, Hoboken; Km
pire, Fergnson, Rondimt; Tyrone, Strout, Hairing
ton Elizabeth, Houdlctt, Dresden; Magnolia, Mer
rill, Bangor; Boxer, Southard, Wiscasset; Denmark,
Call, and Sassauoa, Weeks. Bath.
Old 28th, barque Isabel, Newhall, St Thomas; schs
Saladiu, (Br) Goucher, Margarettville, NS, via Port
land.
Ar 29tli, brig Elmira, Creamer, Bangor; schs Bos
ton, Dix, Calais; Cyprus, Eaton, Machias: Emily,
Whitaker, Ellsworth; Bonny Ives,Holt, and Python,
Hale, Bangor; Tangier, Carlisle, and H B Gibson,
Hurst, do; J Freeman, Kollar, and Delaware, Kel
lar, Thomaston; Geo W Bah twin, Morton, Rockland:
1 ruder, Mills, do; JH Miller, Shea, and Coquette,
Southard, Wiscasset; J Bakor, Johnson, ami Eliza
beth Rebecca, Nutter, Portland; Union, Hadlock,
and Intrepid, Jackson, do.
Cld 29th, barque Jonathan Chase, Chase, New Or
leans; schs Spring Bird, McLean. St John. NB, via
Portland; Lizzie, Leighton, Calais; Emma,Crockett,
Bangor.
GLOUCESTER-Ar 28th, brig H Means, Staples,
Bangor for Norwich; schs Baltic. Parker, do for Jer-
scy City; Elizalicth Rebecca, Nutter, Portland for
Boston; Mary Clark, Herrick, Rockport for N York;
A S Emery, Emery, R >cklaml for do; Mary E Gage,
Church, Calais for Stoningtou; Marcus Hunter, Orr!
New York for Portland.
Ar 27th, sch Adriana, Dunton, Elizabethport for
Portland.
NEWBURY POUT—Ar 28th, schs M L Varney,
Dunham, Bath; Boston, Parker, and Rebecca J Ev
ans, from Bangor.
FOREIGN FORTH.
Ar at Rangoon Oct 5, ship Montana, Parsons, from
Bombay.
Ar at Palermo 4tli inst, brig Eugeuia, Larrabee,
Bangor.
_SUi fm Girgeuti 8th inst, barque Schamyl, Snow, for
Philadelphia.
Ar at Hamburg 9th, barque Antioch, Liuncll, from
Iquiqne.
Ar at St Marys, Eng, 11th inst, sch Parcppa, Pack
ard, from Rouen for Swansea,
Ar at CardiiT 13th inst, barque Crimea, Glover, fm
Savannah.
Sid fm Plymouth, Eng, 12th, ship A McCallum.
Moody, Hamburg.
Ar at Aspinwall Gih, brig Adclc McLoon, Mud roe,
Alexandria; 12th, barque Hunter, Brown, Boston;
Cephas Starrett, Babbage, New York; 13th, brig Liz
zie Wyman, Hopkins, do.
Ar at St Jago prev to 27th, brig Manlius, Todd, fm
New York.
Ar at Halifax 23d inst, schs Rescue, Hatfield, and
Portland, Nelson, New York,
Ar at St John, NB, 27th, schs P Grant, Bradshaw,
and Brill, Lipsett, Portland; Arcilia, Colwell, amt
Clyde, Anthony, do.
HPOKEN.
Oct 23, lat G N, Ion 27 W, barque Tatay, from Port
land for Buenos Ayres.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
To the Senate and Mouse of Representatives of the
State of Maine:
milE Portland, Saco and Portsmouth Railroad
JL Company petition for authority and Cliartor to
construct, operate and maintain, a Railroad from
some point on the lino of its present railroad in the
town of Kittery, in a northeasterly dircetiou to somo
point on the line of Its present railroad, either in the
town of Kennebunkport or in tho town of lii ldeford
and to locate the same, with the usual and customary
powers, privileges and duties of Railroads in the State
of Maine; the said Railroad to lie about twenty-seven
miles in length, more or less, between Its termini and
to pass through the towns of Kittery, York, Wells
Kennebunk, Kennebunkport and Biddcford; aereea
blyto survey by S. Nott, 3d iu lslo and 1841.
Public notice is.hereby given that the Portland.
Saco and Portsmouth” Railroad Cnmi»aoy will ore
thu “ext session of tltc Legislature of the Stale
ot Maine, a petition of which the above is a true conv
Per Order.
CHARLES E. BARRETT, Clerk.
nu30d3w_ J. D. SANBORN, Agent.
I'mtml.
WEDNESDAY' morning* a small sum of money
The owner can have the same by calling <>n
Deputy Marshal Deeclle at Police Office and paying
for this advertisement. no3(KJt
For IVIatanzas Direct.
The fine Barque ELLEN STEV ENS,
having most of her cargo engaged, will
sail with dispatch. For _Vf‘ar8°
ani.lv to CURTIS DAV IS,
*1 jjo 15- Commercial street,
*nov30 lw
Situation Wanted.
BY A young LADY who has had considerable
experience as Book-keeper, Copyist, &e. Writes
an excellent hvnd. Good rofereuees given. Apply
immediately at this office. noJOdtf
Kent Wanted.
a SMALL genteel And convenient Rent of six (r
seven rooms. Couimuuienti ,ns a.idres»ed to
Rent, Box S03 will receive prompt attentii n
Nov 30dtf
WICKES7
ELECTRIC
Oil,!
nov30Uw
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
“THE SINGER’’
IMPROVED
SEWING MACHINE.
IN' views of the fact that “various oi.inbna do exist,
as to which is the best” Seni»g Machine, «lo not
all .w y >nr.self to be governed by any one’s ojdnlou,
but call and examine ‘‘THIS fc’K” and
witness its operation, nn<l we have n *t the shadow of
a doubt, that y.,u will m»t pronounce it tur ALL pur
poses tlie very best Family Nevvi.jg iHacliiie
.“ST* Jf® tirne^) secure one of these farfumcd and
jMWlYo.-febrato.lsia,,, *,wit,¥ MmrUmf n
Fiil'“ t0 your WU Skier or Lady
\V ith" a “SIXOIB” in thehouae, always ready to
coiu|.ly with any reasonable demand, there is no good
reason *hy you may not have a -Merry Christmas”
aroia HaM.y New Year each day of which shall
add a new voice to tho already mighty chorus of vole
es, th.it arc s funding the praise* of “The *iuuer”
of which you w ill find a full assortment at
:m CONGRESS STREET.
If you have already a Sewing Machine, call and see
“Palimr’i Combi notion'’ adapted to all kiuds
of Machines. It will coni, ruiHe, lay in piping cord
turn a wide hem, and make the french fold, with the
utmost case aud exactness.
A full assortment of Nuedlas, Thread and the va
rious Sewing Machine Helps and attachments, con
stantly ell hand.
machine* *ol<l oa monthly Instalment*.
S^-'Machine Stitching and Stamping for Braiding
and Embroidery done to order. All Machines sold
and work done, warranted to give entire satisfaction.
WHEELOCK SARGENT,
uo30 Sole Agents for Portioni aud Vicinity.
l.adien, I wiiii to invite your attention to
tuy new aud eiegnat *loc!& of Bint*, Feath
er*, Kibbou*, Flower*,Veivet*, Ornament*,
Plunu'N, Pompous, r„ for Winter wear,
which 1 ans celling at price* that will plca*e
you, cniniiii'rini; iur ru nuuw nun uruuiyoi
tliv gooih. TIm- *liUii»n y Department con
tains everything desirable. hi our I'mikj
(•iooiiM 11211I ■.ailii*’ Furnishing Depnrt
lunilM ih olirrctl almost every tiling for um*
or adornment that run be mentioned, anil
at prices lo suit all. Sashes and Sash Ribbons,
Laces, Linen and Lace Cellars and Cuflis, Hosiery,
Gauntlets, Gloves, Hoop Skirls, Corsets, Hair Switch
es and Curls, Linen, Silk and Jute Switches, Merino
Under Garments (all sizes), Hamburg Edgings, Dress
Trimmings, Buttons,Frogs, Silk, Twist,Infants' Rub
ber Bibs and Bauds, Worsted Hoods, Sacks, Shawls,
Red, Blue and Black Flannel Sacks, all to l*j
found at 79 .VliddJc Hi, 3d d< or from Exchange St.,
Portland. (no3Cex!2w) t. C. WELCH.
A FEW FACTS
WORTH KNOWING.
I SHALL OPEN on TI EHWAV .ll()lt.\l.><;
a choice selection of
FOUEId^ GOODS!
Carefully selected and of much merit. These goods
com© from Switzerland, where they were bought
by a gentleman of thirty yeant’ experience in
the EUROPEAN MABKETS, who visits the Pi:a»
ANTUY IN Min-WIM iu, WAeU the Hnows are
feet deepin the Alpine villages, and when theso
I»eople are dependent U)»ou the tales of their produc
tions for support, they are of course bought at from
MEU TOURISTS, ami are iiuDoneu during tie dull
season, (when freights ami exchange are l.#w) by par
ties who impor a ON DOLLARS per annum;
tlie.se goods,
NUIiECTKD FOR Till* MARKET,
are chosen after experience in the wants of our citi
zens.
IMMEDIATELY AFTER THANKSGIVING, I
shall opeu a Beautiful variety of
Russian Productions,
Which are sold only by one other house in this coun
try! These goods are very beautiful!
1 have satisfaction in slating what is umleniable,
that 1 have the best and most perfect stock of
MOULDING* FOR GOLD FRAME*
Ever kept in this State, and shall be glad to make
them iuto Frames, under the supervision of skilled
workmen, as I have always had in employ.
My stock of Gloss was bought iu July, since when,
there has been an advance of 20 per cent. This will
be saved to my patrons.
The public are invited to a freo and full examina
tion of my uovelties, ami will of course be the best
judges of quality and price!
1 am selling Prang’s Cbromo* for 30 rrnt«.
Mlrreoacopic Views at rts. prr dozcu, and
tine large German C'hroiuos for 91*50.
HALE,
No. 2 FREE ST.
Nov. 27-dlw
EQUIPMENT BO.\»p3
-OF THE
CENTRAL RAILROAD OF IOWA
-AT
85 in Currency and Accrued Interest.
91,000 to tbe Mile of Constructed Road.
A Light Debt and a Profitable
Investment.
PRINCIPAL PAYABLE IN GOLD
AT TUE END OF THIRTY YEARS.
Interont at Seven C©nt
IN GOLD,
payalle semi-annually, on the 15th days of April
and October, at the Company’s Office,
32 l‘ine street, New York.
FREE OF GOVERNMENT TAX.
The Central Railroad of Iowa, a trunk line,
running for 203 miles through the finest agricultural
region in the world, with a heavy lumber and coal
traffic already developed, has been in operation since
February last, and is now fully equipped with depots,
water tauks, coal sheds and machine shops. The net
mrnimru in O, Mm ninth nmntl. ..A... tlrn .1
was opened for business, were $37,293, after deduct
ing all exj>enses for o|>eration and repairs. The re
sult In September, t3fc>re the Chicago tiro which tem
porarily deranged the movement of freights, was
even better. The company owes m floating debt,
and the fun le l indebtedness Incurred for construction
amounts to only $16,000 a mile. The earnings aro
^sufficient to pay the interest ui*>n this light debt aud
leave
A Hurplii* of 818,000 a ttoiath.
The entire debt is limited by charier to $20,000 a
mile, and the Equipment Bonis now offered cannot
accordingly exceed 1,000 to the mile, secured by the
franchises, road, track, rolling stock and property of
every description belonging to a company already
doing
A Prosperous Business.
The procee<ls of the present issue of Equipment
Bonds will be used in adding to the rolling stock,
which proves inadequate to the amouut of business
ottering, though the company has now 221«>coinotives,
500 freight cars, 10 passenger coaches, 5 baggage, ex
press and mail cars, and 9 way or caboose cars.
The Construction bonds were marketed at 95. The
Equipment Bonds, bciug secured by a second mort
gage, arc offered
at 85 in Currency and Accrued Interest.
The facts recited above show that the security is
substantial and ample. At 85 the investment pays
practically
Kight nntl n Quarter per ('cut. in Gold,
freo oi taxation. The limited amount of these
bonds n<nv ottered ($250,000) cannot remain long u|h>u
the market, and we take this occasion to recommend
them to investors.
Further iuf >rniatiou supplied on application to
8WAN DAKRKIT,
Bn .liter* Broker*, lOO Hid die 8t.
Portland, Nov. 29,1871. os-nov30-codlm
CUNARD LINE
—OF—
MAlIL steamers
TO SAIL
DIRECT IIKOTO BOSTON
FOR
QUEENSTOWN AND LIVERPOOL
PARTHIA, Saturday, Dec. 2.
SAMARIA, Saturday, Dec. 9.
SIBERIA, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
ALLEPPO, Tuesday, Dec 26.
PALMYRA, Tuesday, Jan. 2.
£"*»>“..980, CM4.
Hlerri.gr.9.IO, Currency.
£y Passengers embark at the Cun aril Wharf, East
FROM 2VBW YORK.
ON WEDNESDAYS, ON SATURDAYS,
as follows: as follows:
SCOTIA.Nov. 2?. CALABRIA.Dec. 1$.
ALGERIA.Dec. 0. BATAVIA.Dec. 23,
RUSSIA.Dec. U*
JAVA.Dec. 20.
PASSAGE MONEY

By Wednesday Steamers. By Saturday Steamers,
(*Scotia*S: Russia excepted) Carrying Cabin
Carrying and Steerage Passengers.
Only Cabin Passengers.
FIRST CABIN
Single. $1U0 Gold. first cabin.
Return, $220 Gold. Single Tickets $>0G»Id
Return Tickets ICO Gold
second cabin.
Single, 060 Gold. ATEEItAOC.
Return, $130 Gold $30 Currency.
•Special Rates i»er Scotia ami Russia.
FRIST CABIN. 9ECOND CABIN.
Single, 0130 Gold. Single, $h» Go’d.
Return, $250 Gold. Return, 0150 Gold.
PREPAID STEERAGE PASSENGERS
From Liverpool, Glasgow, Queenstown or Derby, to
Boston or New York,
&3 1 CURRENCY.
Pa^scngeri. booked to all i>art» of tlio New England
States.
Drafts Issued for £1 and upwards.
For Freight, and Cabin or Steerage Passage, apply
fct the
COMPANY’S OFFICE, 80 STATE ST., BOSTON.
__ JAMES ALEXANDER, Agent.
For Ilsivsina.
Brig “Lijc Houghton,” quick dispatch.
For freight apply to
J. S. WINSLOW CO., or
A. L. HOBSON.
Nov 30-is-dlw_
Grapes, Grapes, Grapes.
2000 LBS. CATAWBA GRAPES,
JUST ARRIVED,
AND FOB HALE VEBV CHEAP AT
J. D. SAWYER’S,
no30dJt 117 Fxchnuge g|,