TUB FIGHT AGAINST FRAUD.
The Victors and the Defeated on Their
Triumphs and Their Losses.
AROUHD THE CITY HALL YESTERDAY.
Ion tumors of Resignations Among tiif
Officials of the Department!.
WHAT MR. TWEED WilL DJ ABOUT IT.
?r* Charles O'Couor Gives His Opin
ions of Ibe New Development.
Arrest of Corporation Attorney
Tom C. Field*
The Fire Department and Its
Petty Tvr^ny.
f .-X
ARUJll) THE CITY HAIL.
The Thieves Falling Oat Aiunnji Themselves? J
Morn natioiiH Talked O 1
The cffects of the olectloa aro already becoming
visible iu the increased confidence evinced m bust
^ees ctrclcs au<l t ji ponatcrnatlon, confusion and j
ilsti u?tt shown by the oince-lioldors aud hangers on
under tfte recently powerful rtgime. It reonire<i lu!ly
day for affairs to settle so that a cuim view could
fee taken or the situation. By yesterday all had re
covered from the staggorlng blow administered t>y
Hie people to the politicians, aud those who bad
token part on either side had settled down
?gala to their ordinary avocations. The election
and the disaster to the Tammany powers were
talked over quietly and gleefully In the business
marts, and by parties on their way to and from
cosines* the only question was as to how much ma
jority did Huch a one have for this, that, or the other
tifcA --"wv.rj iwtur i.s i
f?Wrj cue 11 m c:>mpie<<e ltijoiciiirf over results ne* 1
aot been known or witnessed in this cUy for years
past.
AMONG TI1K POLITICIANS
?f the TOmmany stripe? or, rather, lately of that
?tripe (very few could bo found who had
roted the Tammany ticket)? there was a genc
ral and genuine expression or disgust.
Among the most dlsoonsolate, however, aro the
members of tho Boards of Aldermen and
assistant Aldermen. They are very loud in their
somplaints, and, feeling very "sore," are showing
Ihelr teeth against the leaders, and evidently mean
feilschli'f. One or the confidential friends of a mem
ber of the Board in making a complaint to a friend
fertorday demonstrated very clearly that 1
"Trislf}:' rwTiri&D.
??Why, look here," said he, "the merabars had to
a conple of thousand each to have the bill put
through extending their term of ofllce. They wore
told by Hall and Sweeny that it was all right, and
?ere assured that the Mayor would reappoint them
"on the quiet," Just, to make them secure; then
at the last minute he says we must go on the ticket;
then when they saw the way things were golug
Hall sent a messenger around hunting them up and
telling them to look out well to the Aldermunlc
ticket^ as the rest was gone. Now he says the^
mustn't make a contest, because tte majoniy^Istoi
teavy agaiuBt them, ?p<l it's no use making an?
light about i^ N'yw, 11 tn6y don't ttolu over
sordwg to law bow is 11 that
o'uormaN MOl.DS OVER?
Bis term of oiHcc was extended, so I'm told by good
?Minority, and ho wasn't reappointed, and may
didn't attempt or preleud to rnn imu again on the
ticket. If 11 Hadn't been for the promises and
assurances that they made a -rood many 01 the mem
bers would ha' been ou tne reform ticket. They were
Tkft of this nctVtf 4 aud it that gut*
tonguod O'Gorniau is right. Vfien fh$ .\I<icrJteh vo
the right to their seals, and they can hold. Tliov
Had a caucus hist night, and kuow ihcv are deter
mined u> rai?e a tow. iiail was to meet a cOmniiitoc
If tne Board tj-i'ny, h-" promised to meet them and
he hasn"; been at his office to day, and he ain't going
to be there, 'i hey don't like that kind 01 treatment,
and they alu't it going to stand it. Justyoti wait a
few days and you'll sec soiue fun. Walt till ihe re
port of the .loin* Committee crnica out; may bo
?omebo<ly's eyes won't be opened I"
From the above it may be judged that there is
trouble brewing, and that
the lacndby kor nmTV mnen
may soon be opened ana carried on with a good run <>f
business. There uiust undoubtedly be stock enough to
give all hands employment, and wiule the late lead
ers quarrel among themselves ihe public can look
en and lauuh or grieve, ns the c.vse mav be. The
rogues have fallen out, and 11 is to be hoped that ihe
old raying may prove true and noues' men get their
dues.
In relation to the situation and the complications
?rising therefrom
Hl'MOH.S WERE R! I B
?round the pubnc oiilces, and, as Is always the case,
by the way, grew In number and magnitude as they
travelled about.
??Tweedy has resigned, sure," Raid 0110 of a
crowd of seml-genteel looking men who were
stanuing in the City Hull i ark, "and we're gono up.
bet's go over to 1 lie Department and see if we're
sola' to Kit any tiling. (vreen wont Rive it to us.''
They started across tho Park toward Park place,
when ono bystander asked another, "What arc
they, laborers v"
??Noa, zur; thar not. Thar axe min."
??Axe men f What does that meativ What do
they do for their money t"
"Phot do who do r"
"OUoso fcllows-the axe men."
"Phy, tna axes Id."
The expression that Tweed had resigned, "sure,"
as the chap above alluded to observed, seemed to no
prelty generally credited, notwithstanding the (lat
?ontrauiclions irlventotho statement In the worn
papers. Another rumor was started, to tlio
ct that Mayor II ml would resign, aud it was
positively asserted that
ji ixiE mi, ton w:u. rk k;n
tto m the Department of Parks; that he
would not remain there a day alter Mr. Hweeny
Mould leave. It. was stated also that Hank hniitn
Intended to get om of the Poilcc Board: f iat Hitch
man was leeltng bad and would leave the Fire De
partment. It was rumored nut her that co.onel
Rubens would possibly bo appointed on the Park
Commission, as he has lost soiue seventy live thou
sand dollars by the action of the authorities in tak
ing Ins property :or the Kiversido Park.
Tngersoll was arrested, according to rumor, fully
twenty times yesterday; but, according to uio
urbane aud natty J udsou Jar vis, he had not bet: 11
arrested, and was supposed to be at his summer
residence in Morrlstowu or Orange, N. J. it was
ascertained, however, that lugersoii, pir<\ had called
npon tne Hherld and uroil'ered ban ror nis bov. lio
was informed that the time for return of t lie pi-o
res* nan expired, and us yet there had lx.cn 110
?otlce or extension. The order had bceu returned
With the endorsement "Not found," and no lurther
steps bad been taken in the matter.
BOARD OF ALDERMEN.
?MMiblNg Terrible To Re Brought to U?hi>
The City Vntheto Threatening the l.mo Ity
Baton.
Pursuant to special call the members of I lie Board
?f Aldermen assembled at two P. M. The chamber
of the Hoard looked cold and cheerless. It was
?old, as the inuuonse stoves have not been put tip,
?nd, Judging from present appearances, they may
aot be put up. 'flic members who were present
looked bine, but very determined. They had been
wronged, and beyond a doubt they contemplated
mischief. There woro present Aldermen Charlock,
Coman, Cuddy, Mitchell, Mc.Klevcr, Welcn,
O'Neill, Schllchtlng and Keilly. They looked
M one another most mournfully. They smiled grim
?miles and settled themselves in their chairs as If
determined to stay there and die? if die tiic.y must
with their harness on their backs. The roll was
sailed, tiiu minutes 01 the last meeting read, one or
two unimportant resolutions and ordinances Intro*
?nceu and laid over; 1 lion permission was grained
couple of constituents to place
WATKIUMI TR'li '(ill 8
Uw.,,1! It,c,r premises. This may bo a good
18 we" 10 have some places lor the
onM 10 F';t 1 red drink.
fcji,! inVLri?*e. e mighty PiuukltU piunknt has
?Tn?f>!>i> i7^r? at hi e, uno he knows how to i.iui.o
kJu,'ICi} up the hair from his classic
J?? 1 vLl accd ihe tips ol tne lingers
rt?ht haml lnwPh.i l1^ 1,1 front ?r '"8
Pants pocket and spoke as fol
?/^,ni?'Inhu of 1,1 committee ap
pointed hy this Board to act with a similar com
mittee of the Hoard of Supervisors in tho matter or
jamming the city and county accouu.*, 1 w'ul'i
Mg leave to say mat committee have not yvt been
!X?iSSWJff.?S!5SS 'W"B?
i wxsm isr^zi/,r^=^
conntH ha*e made ibfir ttn if n"n!i? ^or tUe oc"
m.ttee now have t&tSS i SSMFl acom'
mendations therein coiitainVvi \,.??d lho "bu
tton. The facis nmtHin,^ ih consldera
startling to the reure?eniariv<!a >'?l?ort were ah
Hoard nun the Hoan ou l ",e pe?P,e thl?
to tho com in urn ty at larae au?i m?1?, UM Uiey were
that th*.v would not faitfifipi LlA5-??)l?J,lt,Se ,eel
they did not '""""uny perform their duty ir
havlTrecommende!1 T" n,M(>.MMmiER ?1' ?ti/rns i
Delieve mat the city nls ,,oard
take some ^unty lutborltlM should i
than tho mere pnbUc^n^ ti w "1
What action thovshonui ?n i le*aV AD(' ^Buret.
is now being considered ?,i" tttke ln tb0 ">auer
been deieruuiMM aniut wSi i ,soon thai "as
early day-ihiooinm w 1 1 ttt an
their report to tins Board P">i'ared to uiake
o>K?ard 'h0n until Saturday at two
MR, CHARLES O'CONOR 0# TtfE SJTU
k?m.
Tto i H,,d Fniurr A,.|lrtI1 of
onn, a,,0 Tweed ??d .he C l.y Fr.ud,
tlz Ifr^ llt VUinU* of ?h?
from I oil Mr a I t'olnc of View.
Mr. Charles O'Conor was at Ms offloe yesferdav
no'T^r r*
would make any difference il l ,?nt 0ven'8
legal proceedings now pending ?f ",e
chained with fraud. Tii? ?inst my officials
visit havin? i,ecn st atmi'wrTwf ?f th? rcP?rtcl"8
,;v t ?<ftted, Mr. O'Conor said-?
iau!'mnHU""
?;v?u ?i course, have heard the rumor of Tweed's
leslgnation oi the Commisslonershlp of ttie Depart.
mc.it Of Public Works, Mr. O'Conor. Is there any
fonudatiou. as Jar as you know, for this ruraorf"
Yts, heard tlie rumor last night; l don't IcrlA#
whether the Mayor demes the resljuanon <J T weed
but he ought to know whether Mr. Tweed WX*
SSr? 19 llke,y t0 fo,low' t!,e ?-^2:
"1 believe the Mayor has no knowledge of tho
resignation, either actual or intended. He gave one
of our reporters so to understand yesterday.''
?Well, the Mayor would know, certainly ?n i
probably do^V' wrtaiuiy, and
"l'oa, ofcourse, have also heard of the rumor
TZZT fl,ght fr?m th?Clryand
""fces, that I heard also; but of oourae it is not
true. Though if that were the case it would not
make much practical different as far no in
cutlou for these irttudM 13 concerned." i,I0S6#
Tw?.-Sono'S? 'ana fi" \i? 'SV'-J1"" b0,n
Si"* m !5?feTu.TtS
!MTi;:,l"?,naTrca';;,?u'su,sspiopj;i^
???ia rf vSUi JmSSSuS ii"t3S52u;
sSHSHiH
Senatorial scat in the next i.egiMlarure
him m nnn%?rttlondbybr,nS S^oW?
larlty sultlces iyr thai; but Tweed's friends havn
largely and ^ros^ly irregular at the election
I M< 1 'j'"? "->w t wr^
K "^hai8"11101^' U? J0UC
1 ho election is a won lrous trlmnnh on tiir> na?*t
Of I he people, Mr. O'Conor, and must have heePnl
Murprise to the reionn party. Uas0 bCLn
t think there is not a man of anr unrip
?ur what iihmi have been greatly purunse l
K?r '2R,
UI.-T;?. vX,1Tl ."rcownt lor so fiignnl a dcieat of
*i a?V SP tnan most surprised at hiw
ui !unst won General 8i?cl. Did the fact
or Wiand.tn' ji ^gci^'mg wlUi rwceu defeat hnu j
M M doVr,H M sh&ud(.;>\ ?nct
^1 lie And a L?apd oi otliers went there i
uiidcr tlie nanio o. tlie 'onandley LceIou al'nr t
thluU the n.-'OpIo femembered that, ?fhu.'l think
di.l Shandley more harm man anything el-e
.a,vo yo11 an-v apurcheusions that the lartre
republican in.ijontv in the Legislature will resifii
In party legislation to any extent?" tsu)t
.in'r^i' n"t,ln their councils, and therefore
don know what they may intend; \jut (Jf (|lls t
cettaiu, that every repuoiican e;eore?l la determined
to unite with the c.emocrats In stampmu out in ,J?
disgrac eful frauds." K thtse
?I don't know whether you have noticed m*
O Conor, the city vote, nut you will see that thern
nut v?l U\gc vote brought out in the
if J.'J i^r^c Mint it would soeni tiui! tho
cttv, ir the rull vote were polled, under tile nreseit
excitement, might lie epublie, an." present
"Well, lienor tje repuoiican than aiinw thnaa
dreadful frauds and thieving* t0 g? on to the ruin
ous extent thev have l?eon going on. uln'
1 il? ^lnatc hnvc some good men In It now
SS!wSein m?,3fr^,|io0i?0,'t0" *M U'M u
SL SS"JS
[i?nestoc<*ii|!fttion Notion ?aa oma i wudoS?
keeper to a dog pit." ,u wus uoor
"1 believe that Is so, Mr. O'Conor I h?m,
that that was the kind oi social position h<? occined
belore he went into politics. I arn told that he hai
been nearly mined b? this election, and that snand
ley too, has lost all that he is worth
"Well, these men take great chineea ,,n,i
must be content to abide by the result Tiev am
very desperate, r?ut the people have shown them I
his time they can he desperate too. The victorv *o
X0U?i'!.snIk ",r "vor>' bon? man m the
vcpy pleasant, but I am soverv
agam!''a mUSt nov' say g00<1 ,Ja^ au<1 B<> to work
mo detain you from niich commendable
emp oyment for ne moment, i am inucn obiitert
for the privilege of this conver^a-mn Good Jfay!
WHAT TWEED HAS DOSE ABOUT IT.
lift Km Not Het?l?ne?l? Hon Not Sailed for
Knroi^? Won't Keflign Jimt Vet? What lie
a y About (Jntcullnj lliaa? The Suit to
Recovcr? Hl? >ly Humor Over Ilia Vic
tory? ""'onif* of tne lioyw Hponk.
A Herald reporter yesterday leisurely cl imbed
the stairs leading to the Department of Public
Works in search of occuiar evlclenco or "Hoss"
Tweed's presence in this city of corruption, muni
cipal correction and ridiculous rumors. At the
head or ti.e second flight, gathered about the door,
were four or five well-dressed persons, whose be
havior ami ubsence of diamonds showed tnat they
were
NOT OF TUB STRIKER OIASB,
who, ilio public have been led to believe by sensa
tional writers, stand guard night and day over tho
iKxly of Tweed and bask In his smiles. A moment
later a gentleman passed out and another passed
In, an.l then came Judge Dowling, looking as fresh
as a recently hooked tront, and qulto as active.
luto the HiHctum tnnciorum of too Tammany
Sachem Howling was hurried by the polite messen
ger, who guarded the "holiest of holies, and for a
brief season all was quiet along the line of the hall.
A card was deposited by the reporter in tho hand of
the messenger, who disappeared, and a moment
later the big bell of Tweed sounded tho signal
?Heady for tho next searcher after an Interview."
A quiet wave ol the messenger's hand notified the
reporter that
"TUB MAN WHO BAILED ON THE RUSSIA"
on Wednesday for Europe, after resigning
his ofllee of President of the Board of Public
Works, was awaiting the reporter's presence. The
door swung open, and, passing several waiting for
an audience, the roporter stood in tho presence of
the Senator elect for the Fonrm district.
As he entered Sachem Tweed arose, and with a
smile extended his band, and jald, "Sit down,
1 didn't sail on the Kussla."
Meats 376 pounds of
POLITICS, MUSCLE, FLUSH AND BLOOD
dropped gracefully Into a scat and laughed heartll?
at the idea of his European tour, while the reporter
was cogitating as to what had becomo of Dowling
the terrible. A rapid glance showed that no was
not In the interior room, and the reporter suspl
1 etonsiy examined the floor for a trap door through
which judicious Joseph could have made lib exit
unobserved.
"Hniie<i on the Russtn exclaimed the boas, as he
shook rroin toe (o hair with laughter. "What next
A BALLOON EXCURSION To T1IK NORTH I'OLK, KlI
"40 you are not the man who soiled, Mr. Tweed,
ch>'- m:? i<i thi' reporter. "It was so reported, ?>nt if
you left yesi?rda.v you've hail a muck passage, or
methlnks i :tee a verv higgnostof a very hig auil
very live chief of the Wigwam."
"Vou've felt uiy grasp Just now. Was It ghost
like V"
"No; I nnst confessit in the ohl, genuine Habita
tion: but till me, Mr. Tweed, how did you get b.ick
no soon 1 I'm In a deuce of a quandary w flud now
you came here ii
YOU I'AflSKD '111 K 1100K
on', ward bound .yesterday."
"Well, it's a secret," nnd the old chHf bent over
and in an undertone and with h wicked twinkle
pia.vlng in his a/, lire eve rem irked:? "I'll tell you.
Yesterday 1 was in i h?s Hoard of Apportionment as
late as three o'clock, and -didn't sail at all. Uu' ha'
You know how these reports fly about."
Again the Senator's ponderous body shook with
laughter.
"We'l, Senator, as von're In 'ho flesh still, what
nre vou going to do about it?"
"nowr"
"Whv, anout resigning. It l? said you have re
signed. 1b It so?" _
I Mr. Tweed drew hlmsei; up and assumed a dig
nified demeanor:?
"Me resigned i No. sir; not quite yet."
'i'he laugh again calne iu.
"Why, you .-.ecm to be In a jolly humor tins morn
ing. but ao vou intend to resign
"NO, btK, 1 11AVH >01' JIKKIUNF.n,
not rto I intend to ve>?l<*A? bj?[ jX^ tj, iyisu''
'?^rWla Tidr TThoiy resign pending this suit
against you, I suppose j"
"Ilaruiy. That depend*! i.pon how long it lasts."
"O'Donovan Kossu,\s vanquisher smiled nguui and
continued:?
"No, not now. 1 am in no Hurry about resign
ing."
"Well, to change the subject, Mr. Tweed, will
there bo any attempt by Kossa to
OONTKftT YOt'll SKAT
"1 have not heard what Ills luteutlois are."
Mr. Tweed looked grave for the first time, and
Howling suddenly threw open a dtor and took a
seat in an Inner offlce.
"Well, what would bo the course of the Senate If
It deMrca to unseat youV"
"The.v can attempt to impeach mo."
"For alleged acts anterior to this election
"Yes; lor any act that two-thirds of ilie Senate
may think me guilty of. They c.iu expel a member
at any time bv a two-third vote."
??Do you thfu!c they will attempt it In the event, of
your vindication in the coming trial
"ttMf niaj but
IT MIUUT NOT UK I'OLICT
for them to do ho."
How aoout the amendment of the complaint
lodged against jqu V\ I
"T see oy the press that the papers have been re
called, but as I have not seen tne counsel having
charge of the case 1 know not the reason."
"What is there In the rumor that a joint complaint
Is to be made agaiust you and Tom Ho.dsv
"1 have not heard It,"
"It is so reijortedj"
"iiy counsel has not Informed mo of It, and I do
not Know what it can rofer to.;! v T. i
i "Weil, said the reporter, rising, "yon scorn to loso
no flesh; you sleop well, elif"
"Splendidly."
"And your appetite Is not seriously Impaired
"Not at all."
"And you didn't resign nor sail the broad sea
over
"Not yet, If 1 know myself."
"There is au eld saving, "Luugn and grow fat."
Judging from your humor to-dav l should say your
avolrdupolse is on the Increase."
The answer was a smile; tne bell sounded,
I.Of'.IN I!*;KRKOLI,
stalked Into the proseuco of Air. Tweed and the re
porter stalked oui. At tne door four or five persons
wero congregated. One asked him.
"Has the boss resigned v"
"No." was the response.
"Is he going to
"No; not yet."
The Interrogator turnod to tali* compautous with
the 6xelamatum:?
"Didn't I.tei Iyer so?
THIS OLD MAN'LL COMB OUT ALL RII1HT
yet. If lie's guilty he'd 'get,' like <larvev and In
gcrsoll. lie's Innocent; he's game, bully lor the
boss."
The reporter walkea down stairs, and his deduc
tions from Hie Interview arc:?
Mm? Tweed didn't sail on the Russia, Wednes
day.
Serona? Tweed fib* fnrlonsiy if he lias resigned.
Third? Tweed don't Intend to resign just yet, or
he prevaricates.
lonrtli? Tweed Intends to take his peat at Albany.
Fijlh? Tweed grows fat on his alleged lulling lor
tunes.
Sixth Twceu, K he be the "big stealer" that la
charged, m the most non-comiuiual stealer In <;o
tlittnT. r -i
AiiEKST OF THOMAS C. FIELDS. i
lie ViiliiiiiTM-tly Surrender* mid i* United m
One I uiii. red Thousand J?ollnr? lie in 4 on.
Odi'nt ol the Ki'nuIi.
Another of the members of the lUng has boon
placed uuder bond* to behave himself for the future
and atone for the past. Air. Thomas G. Fields, mem*
ber elector the Assembly of New York, Fire Com
missioner and a dl.-,i,uguMied mar in tue party
swamped on Tuesday, was arrested yesterday
on tho suit of the people, who charge
him with the Uiv'H yi a largo tium of
mime/ Appropriated by tuo (legislature of lt)7o
for tho Fire Department. Fields has be^ij
quite si?'k since Sunday, but notwithstanding
lie was able to come down town yesterday i<> ins
oillce to meet an old niend who wanted to fee hlin
on paulcuiar business. This friend was the HheriiT,
who hail an order for his arrest. About one o'clock
Fields drove up in a carnage and Immediately alter
sent word to the Siierltl's oillce 1 hat he was ori hand.
Following, as has i?een his habit lor many years, trie
brilliant example of tlie "Bosh," lie determined to
face the danger and await tho result oi tue action of
the courts? mo bluu game to tho last
?Mr. .ludsnn .larvis, the Deputy JSlteilfT In charge
of the Order of Arrest l)ei>aitinent. sicpped over to
Fields' oillce and at, once arrested thai distinguished
patriot and took the offered hail. Mr. llawle.y I,.
CllBPi hotel uepar,New Utrecht, and Mr* F. Dfl
Barry, wiue importer, were present, and qnalilted
as the bondsmen or Fields in $100,000 each, the hnli
lielng llxerl at $u>o,otio. Wtien the Sheriff s deputy
and the bondsm< n had retired Pleld re-enterea nis
carriage and drove to his uptown resldonce. Ho
was unite ciicerlul, notwithstanding the physical
pain he sudcred and tho greater mental agony he
endured, llo remarked to his friends that he would
be able at the proner time to vindicate himself tm
fore t lie people, it is not expected that Fields' case
will be called for some days.
WOODWARD STILL IT LARGE.
EiplrullM or tlm Order of Arrest wbii^k wua
Ixsncd in Ilia Cnne.
The warrant which was Issued sometime since
against Mr. Albert A. Woodward expired last Satur
day witnont that gentleman having been found.
Knowing this fact a representative of the Hei.ai.d
callcd at the Sheriff's oillce yesteiday afternoon and
inquired of Mr. Judson Jarvls, the arrest deputy,
what action was likely to be taken with reference
to tuo matter. Mr. Jams said that tho
order of arrest Had been returned to
him by the officer to whom It luul been given lor
service, and that as the ease now stood ho did not
know what furtner steps would bo tiuen. Mr.
Woodward, he believed, was not in town, but as
regards Ills whereabouts lie was perfectly ignorant.
As the matter now stands ho (.larvis) was without
any authority to arrest mm, even though lie should
walk into his office at any moment. In order 10
secure him when he does return to tuo
city a new order of arrest will liavo
to bo Issued by some one of the Judges of the su
preme court. Woodward's friends say that he is
expected bark daily, and that when he arrives ha
w.ll most undoubtedly surrender n. nisei f to tho
authorities.
m FIRST VICTIM.
NO. 18 NKW CUAMBKI18 MTHKBT, NOV. 8, IgJJ,
To TUB Editok ok the Hkkai.d:?
1 have been employed for some time pan as
machinist at tlm Fire Department Repair Shop in
Elizabeth street. No fault has ever been found with
my work. I have not waited till to-day to be pro*
nouneed a conipeteut. mechanic. 1 wont to work
this morning, as usual, at eight o'clock, and at half*
past ten in walk* ihe Superintendent, Mr. Henry
Close, who, to my and many other's u8ton?iinent,
yells so a< to be heard nearly a blo< k distant, "itros.
nan, put on v our coat, Clear out of licrc I Co to
your friends, Kossa ami Warren, and get a Jo'j from
th'-m."
in the language of the late lamented Ai t mus
Ward I would inquire. "Why tothUthus?" 1 havo
worked In some of the best shops In the United
Stales, generally In tho capacity of foreman, nut i>e
cause, in the language ol Fire Commissioner Hen
nessv, repeated to me on the same day, 1 was not
on the right side, and on account of my receiving
tho appointment through Colonel John Warren, 1
sti<nd forth victimized and lielng honored as trio
first victim. Mr. Hennessy's closing remarks are
significant when tie insultingly ordered me to go to
my friends, the reformers, us thoy had plenty of
money and could take care of me.
Tins is only an lota ol the oppression nn I tyranny
to which colonel Warren and his trleuds are sub
jected because of the position (hey nave iuk -n
against the now thank Cod defun ;t an I corrupt
Ring. Yours respectfully, JOHN BROSNAN.
ELECTION OF A BISHOP.
Hawusburg, Pa., Nov. P, 1871.
Rev. M. A. De Woir Howe, of Pmiaileipl.la, woe
elected this morning Bishop of the new Episcopal
Miocene oi ceu.rai ri.DURytvania uy a vole vf sv to32.
ALLEGED ELECTION FRAUD IN BROOKLYN.
Thr Rrpnblicaus of Brooklyn Protrsi Kn i
Aeiiiiht tbr Result of Mir Klorlion.
Charges of Ballot Box Stuffing and Inter
fering with Canvasser?.
K?*niurl(N of tl??* IiMlijfiin nt
Pnrt l?*?.
Mu or k;iiblloiNt ti to Assini in (lie Pl'OMi'iI
Iioii of OflVitilfiN
I he "opublloan Uenoral roiiiinitiee headquarters, J
over the Post OtPco, Washington street, Hrooklyn, j
wore filled to repletion i).v the leading lights of tho I
radical narty and the defeated candidates ou I heir
ticket as early ns nine o'clock yesterday morning.
They assembled pursuant to a call issued 1.5 Silas 0. j
putcher, t'halujjar) yf Raul committee and super
visor 01* Internal Revenue, '?foi 'L,n uurposo of 1
taking measures to contest the recent Iraumucm
elections 111 this city mid to protest against the In- I
ramnus manner in which ihe people have lieen 1
robbed of their rights," The meeting wan called to
order by Mr. Dutcher, who said the importance of 1
investigating the (rauos which have b"en commit- J
ted could not be overestimated. Mr. Samuel
llutchinsou wuh chosen Chairman tuid e\-Alderi*ian I
Whnlng Secretary. j
Bx- Assemblyman TV. w. Goodhicu then arore,
and Baid he tielieved that It would be conceded
by every one familiar with the facts that tho gross
est frauds had been committed at the recent elcc
tions. It would not sa'isiy tho honest voters to
Know that they had gained a signal triumph in the
State over corruption, when they knew that there
have lieen frauds committed at their own doors, by
which gentlemen who were elected fairly hove been
deprived of their places; and, therefore, in the
pildtft of their triumph It would behoove theiu to
take instant and effectual measure.'* to repair the
wrong done and punish those who bad ihus violated
the most sacred right, lie would move that a com
mittee of five be appointed to prosecute all breaches
or 1 ho hied ion law. to see that tho 0 Ulcers who are
charged with tho duty of Indlctlug pei'jous
presented lor these crimes fullU(ulij perform
their duty, and where republicans wlio have bccil
elected ar? sought to bo deprived oi their rights see
that Uios.) rights nio secured to them. Tic con
cluded as follows:? Wc never shall have a t.ur elec
11011 until repeaters ?ud ihose vno make a living by
nnliUr politics are made to understand thai, wo
mean, whenever a republican caudldatu is de
frauded ol hi- rights, tu ooutnbuto to the prosecu
tion id those wh'Mielratid him. 1 know that in
is.iU, when there was an organized fraud through- I
out the city, 1, and 111 common with mvaell there 1
were many counted out. The decided stand lakeu !.y
the citizens dtd much to Insure n Healthier con
dition of aiiairs in the following year; and so it will j
be now. l.et us act with vigor. 1
United Mates District Attorney It. J". Tka<'Iy sng. I
gesied thai one of the duties of this committee
should be to wait upon tho Mayor ami other onicers
01 ttic city who are willing to co-operate 111 redress
ing the wrongs inflicted, and ass them to unite 111
calling a meeting, "irrespective of parly," to expose
the frauds that nave be< n committed at the uallot
bo\ and to punish those who nave committed tnem,
and place in office the men who were properly
elected. Tho prools of fraud were ahund.uit. In
the .second district of the First ward toe police, at
the bidding ol the demo ratio Supervisor of tnni
ward, took by the collar the republican inspector
alter the Hoard had oeen organized, titter tho poll
clerks had uec 11 appointed, and walked iiim out of
the room, and in his place tho Supervisor designated
one of the most notorious ballot box at Hirers in tho
city, and rue police kept, mm 111 his place. Thoiellow
was permitted to remain, despite (he protest on
tered by the speaker. It was not iiccea-ary 10 odd, 1
lie said, tent the republicans were counted out a.
that poll and the republican candidate for Alderman
defeated by a minority ol JJ. in the Seventh As- I
semiiiy district, where tliev h.tve counted our
Cliuiles It. Morton, who was honestly elected, Ihey
withheld the count o! that vote until late ychtci i:<y
morning, when, linding infu Ihe only way limy
coui'i deieat Run was by sliunii'g Jie foftl'otbox, tUey
pp.t lu l.Vk \ssemM.y district ballots in a single <1is
uriet, and t.heu coun wi htm out ny loui majority. I
Hoyou brieve that no people came up to t hut poll I
and voted the Assembly ticket and no oilier,
the Asm :iiii?.y tichet having 100 more totes ?ud?i i
1 the Mate in mis district/ Von are required to
1 believe that 18O men went 10 the pons and vote I >r J
AfesemOlyuian and for no oilier soul either on Stan* J
my or county tickef, and, wnat is modt peculiar,
they must ail have Voted at one liiue. .\'ow wiiero
are all iii"sf men v li tn-y exist In that dl t.-ict ttiey
can no loiuul: P may '>e ascertained who ihose iw
men were, why, gentlemen, the theory in absurd.
Tne oailot box was stutted In that district for the
purp jsc ot counting out an Assemblyman who was
elected. Now, we demand not oniy mat tnat. wrong
shall be rlgutcd, and mat that nieiiiner shad nave a
certiiicate of election, but mat the meu whostutbu
the ballot bou hould by arrested, indicted and
'V ii..
lit mo Plxth ward they return l M votes. This,
Mr. 1 rucey asserted, was a physical luipo vsibiilty to
tally 1,3<J9 dm nig toe time tins poll was open, lu
the Third district, where he voied, In Montague
street, 7 so votes were pulled during me day, an l the
Inspector ot election declared it would 00 necessary
to nrovulc foi the next election a division of (lie
district. There has been an organized system of
fraud, and he chargod that the poliec were in league
with the swindlers. In the Second ward the
democratic vol" returned is J/Jieaiid the republican
204. When a (iovernor lion man was elected, In istio
the vote of this ward was l,:jUj and the republican
241.
Mavoi KalbfleUcli entered the hall while Mr.
Tracey was speaking, and coming forward was r<'
ceiven with applause, lor which he returned thanks,
tie said no had learned lrom several witness' s mat
the order of tb-3 day was iraud, "and now I think it
is timo, II American citizenship is worth auyuinig
sometntng should be done. If the people are 10 no
deprived ol their choice in the selection ol men 10
fill oftlees of trust ilnough fraud, it is time some
change should be made. I am wltn you in lerreting
out these irauds, ami 1 agree to share the expenses.
In isoh, when a Governor was electcd, tne demo
cratic vote In the Filth ward was J.'KW. atzainst 1,100
this year, when there was no Governor olected,
an liKreaso of 1,500. The population has not in
creased, he contended, over ?oo. In the seeoud
ward the vote has been Increased 1,10*1 over thai of
lS'.f. This the Mayor considered impossible."
Ex-Mavor Booru also spoxe, and heartily en
dorsed the object ol the nioetlug. A committee was
appointed' 10 perfect ai rangements for holding a
mass meeting ai the Academy of Music 'Ills evening,
A RKI't'UI I CAN OA1N.
It was conceded yesterday aiteruotm by the <ienio
1 rats that t'harles 11. Morton, republican caudiaate
lor Assembly In the seventh district or Kings couutv
is elected over W. Wamwrlght, democrat. They
pleaded bavins made a mistake In the original can
vass. Ibis gives'the republicans five Assemblymen
elect out ot nine In that county, being a gain ol lour
over last year.
A l.'OMMITVEK OF FIFTY APPOINTED.
Yesterday Mr. K. T. Ilaekuouse, chalrmau or the
meeting held at the Rink on the Jith or October, re
ported the names of nrty citizens who are to servo
as a committee and "Uke s ich measures as may lie
thoiignt ue< e>sat jr and expedient 10 carry out tho
purposes lor which the said meeting was called."
The meeiliiz was called for the purpose of securing
reform In the municipal government, subjoined is
a list of tne names of the committee appointed by
Mr. backhouse:? -Ambrose Snow, Joseph Wilde,
Charles II. Fellows, Joan M inte, J01111 Young, Mar
vin rross, (Jeorgc M. Woodward, William 11. Hurd,
John lioherty, Koicrr, Macoy, Kdmund Drlgg*,
Charles I-,, li ill, I. O. Boettcuer, Harold Dolner, K.
Rorko, S. M. Heard, John Roberts, A. II. Howe, j. H.
Ilcisinbuitie, L. Nickerson, Marcus c. Rurgs, .iohnO.
Johnson, K. A. Packer, James vveaver, w. J. Harrow
John F. ammeyer, Kemsen If. lllnmann, I.u'hero'
Carter, IJervv 0. Law. William F. Shanks!
Ilarvey K. lllcks, It M. Wiiltlng. (iideon Pros?
Julian Allen. J. r. Wallas, Suniuel M. Meeker
Morris Rej nobis, JauieH Miliwater, Robert Auder'
son, Thomas Hooker, tlllbert Potter. Frederic*
W. Kidbflelsch, Hotiert Sargent, Oscar F. Hawiev
Jesse C. Smith, Samuel Hutchinson, o. F ijood'.
enoagh, Oliver G. Carter, William A. i oit Mdwln
Uuin:ey.
The "election has b -en made Intending to ronrr.
sent tntereHis irom all parts of tho city, 111 order to
enable tho coininlttco to possess as lull a knowietlco
as possible of grievances within the province <.f tiio
committee's investigation.
G FORGE HAU8ER'8 "HU88T."
li vingfon, a suburb of Newark, N. J., and noted
mong admirers of the national game as the home
of the gi cat base t>all club 01 Jersey, Is tho proprie
tor of a sensation in which no loss a dignifarv than
K,ltt9 Fra'"',)l11 T?J'or, and the wile
ot (.1 ?rgi. Hansel, a poor but, honest citizen,
figure ||aJ, Prm,''I>als. lin relations alleged uj
f?. .k _ 10 i'ave existed between the
High Constable ami Mrs, Hauser are of a character
"r? v',av'' warranted the bsuance
JJi? ",cr? f Newark, of a warrant lor the
arit.si <d l.lias. the arrest was eiTectcl vesterdav
niLo'n'nSr1 r'.* ,'"l,Hla,),w "eimer. The prisoner was
i nn n inaifistrato and held to bail 111 the
iiTmniS. Constablo King went h;s bill. Mr.
t he pai i of a nussy? W?"Cl'
DM >WW1HQ OABUA LT Y.
Ceorge Rogers, a watchman employed by the
Knickerbocker Ice Company, was accidentally
orowned at tne foot of Division avenue, Williams
burg, on Wednesday night, ills body win recovered
and soul to dip re?id< B<e. lot Hopkins street,
1 tcnuj.
THE FOURTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
of h MH?or??or lo .ludtio Kmc
kriim? i<itvrra*r llutlinnn'* Itiaaon* lar
OiiMnit il??> \n lmporit*t
l.i'uiil -nil |n rrwprrl,
Ai.havy, N. V., Nov. t?. Mil. J
Uovernor 1 1 on man has appointed the Hon. Sam
uel Jackson, or 8cheneotay. Juduo of the supreme
Court in th? Fourth Judicial district, The foiiowtnn
Is tli? Coventor's letter:
8TATB 01' N&W YolU, i
KXKfl Tl\ M ClIAMRMK, Al.lUNV. Ni)V. 't, 1H7 I.
Dhah mik? T'lio K'siirniiiiou of JudKf liosekrans
the day before the annual election ol IS7I raise j Hid
question, under section 'J oi article ti ol the
constitution whether Mr. Potter, who, U t-. u
sumed. i cot* i veil ilii' majority ol vow-- iast at that
election, could take otllct under it. It i.einu laimed
by J mi|?" Host itrnns and others, as I mu irioiiiied,
as mo election occurred three mouth* att#r tim
happening 01 the meMtoy. u htm ol no effect,
ana thai, t n?? vacuncj can only 'x> llllnd by
appoln'tuci.t, the aopointco to Mold over until l>e
cetnber ai, 1 87'/. II thi question ilius presented
could be sc lled or avoided t>y the appointment of
the (successful candidate, the voice of mil* bar and
the inU'tesP o Mm public would d'luaitU of ine
that I Im'ild appoint lum, to the ??y.j Mini
there nihrht le no undue strife over a judicial
otllco, thai the win of the people, as ex
pressed at. .lie ballot box, should not bo de
feated by iiio resignation of .Indue lloecrans.
and I should upborn' hint at once; but It ts clear l
Hint neither such appointment nor the failure to
make .my would avoid tit ishup. It would only
poh'nonc i'. At the election in it*/.' some oil'*
wc'ild pioi"diJy l>9 yv'eil lor jt'ei iV-uto i air. Pot-
lei's se.it, laliuliijt (tie eleciion of is~ l to 'ittvo been
void and that the appointment from llu? C.>veruor
expired December :u, lSTi 'Hi< admitted purpoai
of j luii RoBokrans' resign auon wan to mlw
toll question aud to iioloM Mr. Potter' 9
election, and it must be met and rtc-'pl 'I sooner or
later. Ii. is iniportant it should bo itec.dcd as early
as poHsibie. Vou were the nuuoriiy candidate at
the line eiectlou and your qualifications i<?r H e oftlee
are umpiesiloneil. I, therefore, to-day Invited yon
and Mr. Matthew llale, counsel tor Mr. Potter,
lo moot toe at the Kxectitivn Chamber, and am
Iliad to ktnw thai you both ceo Hie force of
my suggestions. I therefore appoint you to
nil Hie vacancy created ?y tint resignation of
Judge Uos -kni'is, in the belief thai you and Mr.
Potter will tie able to procure an early Judicial coit
al motion of the si ci ton ol the consiiiiiilon before
relorred io. I Hunk this can bo done early enough
to prevent any unnecessary conflict In Hie judicial
district. U so toy object will be aitained. Very
truly yours, JUJIN T. IPH'FMAN.
To Ham i' it L w. Jackson.
Alfc.VV YORK CITY.
The following record will snow the olmt/?J in iho
tempetature (or iho past twenty-four hours In oout
parlson Tlth the corresponding! day of utt yoir, as
Indicated by the thermometer at Hudnut'a Phar
macy, lln*.itD Building, corue-of Ann r
1B70. isjs, 1S7J. wi
Z A. M 42 3 P. M en Mi
A. M ill 44 UP. M 02 B2
9 A. M mi 43 H P. M r.'i 60
12 M 0!) 40 12 P. M is
ASeVage terupera'tno yesterday 47
Average temperature for corresponding date
last year ii3.^
Charles Steluhoff, a Cermnn, thirty Hvo venrs of
age, died yesterday In the Centre street Hospital
from the effects of injuries recoivert on Tuesday last
by /ailing through the Hatchway of I'a ibllt's soap
factory, No. 7 Creonwlch street. Met 't.sed. who was
a Bailor, lived fit. 36 lloctor street. Coroner Young
was noHUcd to hold an inquest over Hie remains.
There was brought to the Morgue yesterday, from
pier No. I, North River, ttio body or ?.n unknown
man, aged thirty-five years, five feet dx incites,
black hair and sandy mustache, dressed In gray
mixed coat, blue flannel overshlrt, red undershirt,
black doth pants and boots with its) tops. Has
been in Hit; water about ten days. Boly too much
decomposed to be placed on the Morgue.
Professor It. Dgdeo Dorotnus is to lecture on "Tne
BleHhtugn of Modern Science," ut. the hall of the j
Young Men's Christian Association, corner or Fourth j
avenue aud Twenty-third street. The first lecture
will be given on tne evening of November 21, and
be lodowed by three others .'ue following Tues-
day evenings. The experiments wtitcn null accom
pany and bo Hie distinguishing mature of 1 1 1 j
lectures are oxpec.cd t bo as mi Pliant nnd ut''
live as they are costly,
Coroner Rerrman je iterday he'.d an inquoat in
the ca?e of James Lyons, late of Meauiniyl street,
whose death vas c.i tseff by injuries received on the
30th ultimo, bj being run over corner of Tenth
sM uet and avenue tiy cur No. 7 oi the Urand aud
Porty-seconu street terry Hue. Deeeajeo, who was
Intoxicated, atteinpted to ue;. on the front, pituiorm
while it was in motion, aud lulling beioix itiu wiie.
was cru lied. The Jury renderod a verdict of eccl
denial deatfi. Deceased was twonty-thtW Te?ra of
age ami a native of Ireland.
A JEKoEY JUJQILi
Nn.nii riirn.iiii mid '.'oruhllylit rmt-wiioH hi
Newiuh-Tlie lliirrlsoM Turui'ike Brl<!?e>
Kri-f Forever.
IJast Newark or Hairlson township, ju:it iver
from Newark, eirerves<je<i la^t night in Honor of
the successful ilnal accomplishment of tho
iree-brldge inoveiucnfl Tir TO) tu-i tlrut
bridge was thrown across tnc Passaic. The fran
chise finally passed into the hands o! fheJeisey
lfallro.nl monopoly coiiipauy, ari'l Iiam for nearly
half a ccntnry been firmly held la their frasp. It
wan a toll bridge, ami everybody crossing
In a WHtfou was com/ielied to pay twelve
coma. At lost the people began to
entertiun disgust for the Institution and styled the
bridge a reminiscence of a barbaric a^o. (Hi Juno
;;o, is70, a number oi the citiasous of Harrison,
headed >>y au energetic young resident, Mr. Wiiiium
A. I re, held a meeting ami took the Initial steps
looking 10 the abolishment of tho toils, During
last winter the matter was taken to Trenton
and an act passsd authorizing the purchase of trio
bridge by the counties of Ksh< x and lludnon. It
was not nil lata Monday that tue provisions of nils
act were fully carried out, on thai day, as reported
in the iif.hald ?>f Tuesday, the pnroliaso money
<$70,iK)0) was paid over and the bridge thrown open,
tree lor ever, anud
T11B BOOMING OF CANNON.
Last night a profession of about two thousand
persons including a lingo number of horsemen
and torchlight and Chineae lantern-bearers,
inarched iroin Harrison across the bridge,
beaded l<y a duo brass band, and through
broad street, Newark. There was much enthusiasm
manifested on tho occasion. Tito processionist!
presented quite a picturesque appearance as ihey
marched down Droad street amm the cheers of tho
people, who supposed it was in honor oi .loel Parker
u:i<l Ills Kte:u victory. After aerenadtug VV. 11.
McCIane, a gentleman prointiient in me movement,
they returneu and serenaded tlio local news
paper odlces and then marched back to
Harrison, wnero the rest of the evening
was spent in gieat merriment. <>t all
tho persons complimented with 'serenade* last
melit the most descrvlug is Mr. re, wrio I* tho
Jathor of the movement, an I has cared lor, watched
and nursed it with a parent's anxiety uniil it
reached Its full maturity. It is io no hoped that
some testimonial more substantial than compli
mentary words will he tendered rum.
r Htl PACIFIC CO AS I
Arr?*st In "hii FrniteiMeo of a .VnHUNi'liti^riii
llmik Robber? A Witm w Arrested Inr l'er?
jury*? 11 iwujrrl i d ,Xall.
Han Francisco, Nov. p, hwi,
lime, who robbed a MassaeUti ett bank of $zj,ooo,
waa arrested here by detectives lost eveultig. Most
of the money was found In his possession.
?fudge Lepuiveda delivered an Impressive charge
to the Grand Jury at Los Angeles to-day, urging
them to avoid prejudice and sustain tho cause of law,
order and morality by indicting tne perpetrators of
tho recent atrocious massacre of hincso.
The remains of tho wife and child of Buckskin,
aliaB Pyborn. the desperado who was shot near San
Rafael, Lower California, by tho HherlflT of Los
Angeuw some months sine*, have been fonnd near
Cuaaalo'upe kanohe. It is suppo*e<i the woman be
came Insane and wandered aw ly and died.
There is great excitement near Visali t over the
discovery or numerous rich gold qnaru ledges.
It is supposed that the fire in vwago was the
woi k ol design.
Basting's Hank at San rraut Isco and tho bank
of Mme k CO. tn "us city (both ree? n 1 1 v suspended)
will probably pay tlfty cents in UlO dollar.
At Portland Oenernl Davidson, a witness in the
Caruthers case, lias been arrested lor perjury, m
swearing that ''Wrestling Joe" is not Ins tat tier.
Tho prosecution claims that he Is. I lie t a. ;o excites
great interest,
.six'een bags of Kuglisri closed moll received by
steamshp Ku^na at New York and intended
for Chicago reached this city to-nlflii overland.
I he poHtinaster wiii send back to-morrow.
RHODII 1 BLAND WOMAN'S 8U1F&&QB A?H0
OIATION,
Ph ividence, R. I., Nov. l.sJL
The Rhode Island Woman Suffrage Association,
at Its annual meeting to day voted to become au *11
lary to the American Association. Mm. k. M.
I'Mee was re-elected 1'resldent. Among m i eak
era were Colonel lllgginson, l.ucy Htouc, Hev. Cell*
Burle^u aud Mrs K. K. murium*
WASHINGTON
Governor Palmer, of Illinois,
Under a Cloud.
Aftfnii.tiiitf a V<?hii Ji?r?* Upon
funeral Nheridun.
Wahiiinoton, Nov. Q, 1*71.
';?i?? rmir ol llllnola Allt'liipt* Unit*
^*'i>(?anrf ?in (?onrrnl herldiitt.
Governor Palmer, of Illinois, from motive run*
uing tack to lit: time when he, as well am Htierltian,
woie tuo nuiiorm of the n rated states, has uade an
n.iiiu with ii- latter relative to tho killing or Dim
trloi Attorney urowonor, at uti.igo, anil basso far
assorted mo duties of the dead man a* to aeok for
Sheridan'* hull :itiu-ui by the local Urand Jury a*
principal ?i. ^sov> m Groavenor'a <ientti. His
succivw In thin attempt may lie anttripated from
ooutein t?.utlou of the fact, aa given out hem, that
Hheridun restated to the end the appeals or
tho ooir-itltitted o-itt liorlt io?* uiul i>. 'st cltiaeu*
ol i biea.o to establish martini luw upon ino dan
gerous pic.t that necessity known no law. II'
never went further than, as a resident and pro
pcrly owuei' ol tit'.' unrortunatc cut, to place hi?
personal servient at the disposal of the May r, aim
give ti the other citizens, anxious to save what the
(Ire lud loft to them, mi orderly organization, autho
rizcl by Mayor Masou, to direct ttie efforw made
for mid preservation of order, lie chose the mill
tury form as thifereadieat an t liest adapted for the
purpo tf in bo gained, l liere never was in Chicago,
in t lie terrlblo days that followed the dreadful
Are, untitling more tiuin ttie special police force
that the Mayor Ha l a lawful right, to say nothing of
i ho right of emergency, to rail into temporary
service. Cvon the sold lory mat Sheridan, as a mili
tary ceiiiniiindp-, summoned to the city, poseesaert
no other character after Mm lr arrival. They already
had organisation and di. clpllue, and were free from
the excitement ami anxiety that marred the useful
nnss of the civilian special police. If It nad been
possible to bring a sufficient number of them to Uht>
caco, an I thus dispense with lese reliable material,
Colonel ?.ro v>-nor might, have been living to
day. It is admitted by the friends ol
Sbertqan that the govcrnmen' had no
lawful right to tarn its military torce
Into 11 I'on-tiulMilary, nor had it any legal antUorlt.v
to divert ih<* Nothing and tents provided by Con
gress for national uses to tho benefit of the suffer
ers; but it did ail this, and nnblio sentiment,
nilgutier than congress, approved it. As the whol?>
onse is viewed from here, I'aMnor will have to await
future opportunities to wreak his private vengeanco
on Sheridan. Visitor# iroin Chicago uro unanimous*
and enthusiastic over tho Little iioneral, and refer
the isolated hostility and abuse ot the Cbloago
time* to Its suppression by Burnable during the
war, from which act datos an unrelenting vendetta
against, all things military,
Intcrntinii Caeo lleiuro the Honth^rn tlaln*
4 'itmmlMl'Jii.
Tho south' ru Claims commission were engaged
to-day upon a caso of unusual Interest A New
York family, named Armstrong. loug settled in
the vicinity or Petersburg, Va., Imd presented a
claim for $20,000 worth of supplier taken troni fhcii
farms by General Grunt's army during the long
sir-go of i hat rebellions city, lu partial proof of tll?
loyalty of the family or Armstrong the ComiuiH
Moiiors were treated by some of the a*" ivo partici
pants to a graphic account of a battle roj'al
at the homestead. Two of the conscripted sons,
who had fled from the rebel ranks, were hunted
down i?> Conscripting Officer Boiseau, of Petersburg,
with eighteen men, while awaiting their opportu
r. it' ll the Union lines, and one ol tneui
Wiln:"PkTM. another badly woundod. The aged
father, ui.vupTiai to save nls Bona, woh thrown to
the ^ound md h'? ?ca?u were
jiroii'Ui ami eifeettvelj exliiT#tW?i to the Coinmhi
?loner-, it* aarver t<> their inquiry "ft 10yal
during ti e war. t'hia w a claim Uiat con;;
have to p?v
f li*- \ri'/.f?!?!t Indlnii*.
j lull a1? .vie orinl -k, of Arizona, who has been ia
consuUatioa during tae week with President Grant.
General Sherman and tho Secretary of War ami
Hecreiary o.' trie 'uterior, Is understood to say taal
the tew programme for the control of me Indians
In Arizona will be sausractory to his constituent*
if tilery a lfl?red to ami General Crook is detained
in his dealing with the hnstlle Indians. The Fifth
cavalry Is ordered to Arizona to relieve
the Third, and will proceod there at onoo.
Mr. UcCormlck has i>role?ted against eeitain
acts of Mr. Co'yer during his vHlt to Arizona, and
saysTieia sa'i- find that tliey were not authorized
ami aiv no', approved by the President He denies
that there wn i any put pot e on the part of Its con
etituents to misuse Mr. Colyer, and Kays tliey do not
wiKii lor war measures an hour longer than is lie
cessnry to cenvlncc the Apaches that they must
ccoso thdr robbr rles and murders. The Ai izoiilaiin
object, however, to the assertion that tlicse Imlians
as a class aro bonost and peaceably dtsi ^od or
ever ha\ c tieen.
I hir >(ufi,nnu fiiillRn War ilnlui.
Inspector General James .V. liar lie, Hnifed KtaU-s
Army, arrived here to-day from Chicago, ror eon
ferencc with ilie secretary of War ami ComptroMer
Brodhead as to the be.st moans of replacing tno
documentary matter pcrtainiug to tho Montana
claims, en which he had ijeen for a ear engaged,
in pursuanc' ot an act of Coogroas, when the re
sults o: nis labors were burned up at General Sherl
dan's headquarters. Fortunately aultlclent data
remains In General Ilardle's p jssioa, and is on
record here, to ensure an ciiunab.e distribution of
the expected appropriation with but Utile addi
tional expense and trouble to claimants or lurther
delay lti tho long defcrrci payment of these claims.
The War Department has caiic l on claimants to re
pi a e their proofs, an Invitation to which they ar-i
not slow in responding.
A Mvrly H*lil IV?r ihr M|ii?ll? In I'liMn
dvlnhlflu
There Is a liv ly coatost for tho vacant otncon in
rbUliUeipoitt, caused by the death of l ulled State*
Marshai (.regory, the transfer ol C iliec'or atckeis, of
the Fourth district, to be Pension Agent In placo of
Forben, and tuc rc .ignatlon by 11 tyor elect StoR-:
ley of the Asjessorshin of tho second district.
Senators Scott and Cameron, also City Comiaih>
shuiers McKwan, John A. l.ou{hri>tge, George
Handy Smith; SheriiT Leeds and other I'tiiladelphla
politicians h ive arrived to urne the chums of their
respec'ivo favorites, but as yet the President hua
taken no action in t lie matter. A consolidation of
the Kecond and Fourth Keveouo districts Is talked
of, with tho collector of the Second and Assessor of
the Fourth in charge. l>. w. c. liuster and J. N.
Kerns are said to be prominent applicants for
General flrcgory's poeitlOB.
The '.UBirliin \hi iriifnu'i in. nf ol
The Austlth Hungarian government havln|
adopte<i the i nifli.-iU synieui of idmeasuremeut ol
vessels the rule of tno I'rea ary Department will be
extended to Auatro-Huugariau vessels arriving at
our ports, a eorrc.spondiui cour'esy having been
extended to American ve. sela in tho ports of thai
kingdom.
It <i hiux ArreMed In Hitntli ;ir dinn.
A letter from Spartansbnrg, s. C\, says:?
Lo^t Friday night a squad or cavalry rode out in
tho direction or Muicslouo springs and returiiea
with eleven Ku Hiux piMonors. i tius far all who
could give gotKl bonds navo been admitted to ban,
and ire making prcparau >us lor t.ieir luais.
Tli? Urn*Hln'i <1mH >tcaui,-r?.
The Post oiflco Departmoat has oeon notnietl
by the Unlfel states and itru/U SteamsUip Company,
contractors foi msil servlc- b 'ween iirazii and tuia
country, tha liiey offer the steauisblpe F.rie and On
tario for f aid service, lu addition to the vessels now
running in tlieir line, and the ?aid steamships wilt
accordingly be reported to tho Secretary of the
Navy for inspection required ny law, prioi to >>eiug
placed in ihu mail -ervlce.
WerKly C u-loins Hecol|Hs.
The fallowing are tho customs reoeipto for the
wet K ending Octolier
Nc.v York $8, 622, Mt
Philadelphia i78,7i?
Boston oxo,4se
Baltimore "i.'.i.M
New Orleans 137,774
Tot?'
*4,702, U*