|lm ©titans ftyraMtam.
C F FICIA ITc
OFFICIAL JOURNAL *0F JEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY UPl'BUCAN
May be had of the following dealers:
George Ellis, opposite the Postoffice.
A. Simon, No. 94 Exchange Alley.
C. C. Haley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C. G. D. Holle, No. fil Exchange Place.
James Ennis, Pontcliartrain Railroad
Depot, Third District; also, at Depot foot
of Lafayette Street, First District.
J. W. Long, corner of Love and Enghien
Streets, Third District.
Crescent City News Depot, No. i>8 Canal
street, corner of Howard.
AUCTION SALES THIS* DAY.
BY ILM.ii B. J. MONTGOMERY, »t 11 o'clock
•t Old Auction Mart, No. 87 Camp street, a
general assortment of new anil second hand
fnmitnre, pianos, etc.
EY E. A. DF.SLONDK, at twelve o'clock. at No. 89
St. Joseph street, all the right of the late O. K.
Hall ill the Mariposa Mills, anil all his right in
leased machinery—Succession of O. E. HalL
BY NASH A HODGSON, at 4 o'clock, in front cf
judges' stand at the Fair Grounds, chestnut c It
Sir Rufus aud Bay Colt by Planet—succession of
James Nel'.igan.
BY G. DK FERIET, at 11 o'clock, at corner of St.
Ferdinand and Morales streets, household fur
niture—Succession of Widow Elizabeth Moore,
et al.
BY PLACIDB J. SPEAK, at 101$ o'clock, at So
48 St. Charles street, unredeemed pledges at
Hart's loan office.
Local Intelligence,
They Have Departed.— Ringleaders of
the prize ring have gone hence, leaving last
evening on the Jackson railroad for Mem
phis. Mace and Coburn took away as much,
or more, money than they brought. It is
hinted that Kelly and Coburn did not part
the best of friends.
Will Return. —Captain Malone has com
pleted his point in proving J. W. Smith alias
Bowman to be an escaped convict front
Baton Rouge, where he has about lour
year years' time yet to serve. Accused was
fully recognized by Captain Hayden, an old
employe in the Penitentiary. Bowman was
sent up last evening.
Board of Police Commissioners.— Cor
porals D. O'Sullivan, second precinct; L. A.
Thibant, fifth precinct; I. E. Doak, harbor
precinct, promoted to sergeants, assigned
as named.
Patrolmen, E. Marks, Charles Labugan
second precinct; W. Filesig. fifth; C. S.
Schill, sixth J. McKernan, harbor A. Fer
raud, third L. Key, fifth; C. Neven, har
bor, promoted to corporals, and assigned to
precincts named.
Sergeant Cboumette, from harbor to Car
rollton.
Resignations of George L. Cain and pa
trolman Vanderpool accepted.
Ox the Track.— As George Allen was
in the act of crossing Rampart street, be
tween St. Louis and Toulouse streets, lie
was knocked down by a street car, bruising
him badly, two wheels passing over the fin
gers of one hand and mushing them so
badly that he will probably lose them. He
was sent to his home, No. 46 Kerlerec street.
General George Baldey.— This gentle
man, since the death of Lieutenant Gover
nor Dunn, acts as president of the Board of
Police Commissioners, by virtue of his posi
tion of vice president to the board. The
general fills the position to the satisfaction
of liis confreres.
Police Inspection.— It is proposed to
hold an inspection of the police force some
day next week, aud the several captains
will be instructed to tbatefiect.
A Shooting Affair.—A serious difficulty
occurred at the boarding house No. 11 Tou
louse street, about ten o'clock on Sunday
momfng, between Ernest Haistre, the pro
prietor, and one George Lowens, which re
sulted in the shootiug and wounding the
latter in the left leg, and the breaking of
his right also. Haistre received a slight
wound on the top of his head. Haistre was
arrested and locked up at the third precinct
station. Lowens was sent to the Charity
Hospital.
Fell Into a Well.—A servant girl
named Mary Farrell, in the employ of Mr
Smith, at No. 189 Bienville street, on Sun'
day morning, about seven o'clock, acci
dentally fell into a well on the premises,
and was instantly rescued by Mr. Smith and
Officer Clark, of the fourth precinct.
Two alarms of fire yesterday did not
amount to a conflagration.
Coroner Jackson held twenty inquests
and twenty views last month. Twenty
seven wete males and thirteen females.
Died of iiis Wounds.— Edward Somer
ville, who was shot a few days ago on board
the steamer R. E. Lee, died last Saturday
at Bayou Sara. His' body was brought to
the city last evening, and was this morning
lying at the Delachaise brickyard. The
coroner held an inquest.
Young Thieves. —About four o'clock Sun
day evening, two lads feloniously entered
the residence cf Mrs. Martin, No. 33 Frank
lin street, and stole four hundred dollars'
worth of money and jewelry. Captain
Malone and Detective Smith found two
boys, on one of them a portion of the stolen
property. __
Criminal Court —Judge Abell.—A great
portion of the time was taken up in em
paneling a jury. The following named gen
tlemen constitute the Grand Jury George
W. Pratt, foreman; A. S. White, A. Ra
bouin, P. Sarazin, H. W. Kloppenburg,
Thomas Duffy, T. A. Hubbard, John Kin;
Emile Ililbom, Charles May, A. Delery,
Thomas C. Bingham, Ovide Dreur, Pierre'
Julieu, Samuel Williams, T. II. Turner, the
last four colored.
The court objected to Mr. J. II. Clay serv
ing on the jury, because Mr. Clay holds a
public office. He was set aside.
John Evans, convicted of larceny, was
sentenced to three months Parish Prison.
Official Mortuary Report.— Dr. S. C.
Russell, secretary of the Board of Health,
reports that the whole number of deaths
in this city for the week ending Sunday
evening at six o'clock was one hundred and
fifteen. Three died of apoplexy, 3 of con
gestion of the brain, 18 of consumption, 2
of dysentery, 2 of diphtheria, 3 of conges
tive fever, 1 of pernicious fever, 1 of inter
mittent fever, 1 of puerperal fever, 3 of
malarial fever, 2 of typhoid fever,
1 of hemorrhage from the lungs,
3 of heart disease, 2 of inflammation
of tlie bowels) 2 of lockjaw, 1 of neuralgia, 3
of old age, 3 of pneumonia, 1 of pleuro
pneumonia, 1 of premature birth, 1 of
rheumatism, 13 stillborn, 2 of gunshot
wounds. Sixteen were interred from public
institutions and thirteen on certificates of
coroners.
PBE£1DENT*S MBN8AUE.
a
89
K.
in
cf
It
of
Washington, December 4.—The Presi
dent's third annual message to Congress
reads as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
In addressing my third annual message
to the law making branch of the govern
ment, it is gratifying to bo able to state
that during the past year success has gen
erally attended the effort to execute all
laws found upon the statute books. The
policy has been not to inquire into the wis
dom of the laws already enacted, but to
learn their spirit and intent and to enforce
them accordingly. The past year has, under
a wise Providence, l>eeu one of general pros
perity to the nation. It has, however,
been attended with more than usual chas
tisements in the loss of life and property by
storm and tire. These disa-ters have
served to eall forth the best elements
of human nature in our country, and to
develop a friendship for us on the part of
foreign nations, which goes far toward al
leviating the distresses occasioned by these
calamities. The benevolent who have so
generously shared their means with the
victims of these mislortunes will reap their
reward in the consciousness of having per
formed a noble act, aud in proving the
grateful thanks ot men, women and chil
dren whose sufferings they have relieved.
The relations of the United States with
foreign powers continue to be friendly.
The year has been an eventful one. In
witnessing two great nations, speaking one
language aud having oue lineage, settling
by peaceful arbitration disputes of long
standing, and liable at any time to bring
these nations into bloody and costly con
flict. an example has been set which, if suc
cessful in its Dual issue, may he followed by
other civilized nations, and finally be the
means of returning to productive industry
millions of men now maintained to settle
the disputes of nations by the bayonet and
the broadside. I transmit herewith a copy
of the treaty alluded to, which has been
concluded since the adjournment of Con
gress. with her Britannic majesty, and a
copy of the protocols of the conferences of
the commissioners by whom it was nego
tiated. This treaty provides methods for
adjusting the questions pending between
the two uatious. Various questions are to
be adjusted by arbitration. I iccommend
Congress at an early day to make the
necessary provision for the tribunal at Gene
va, and* for the several commissions on
the part of tlie United States called for
by the treaty. His majesty the King
of Italy, the President of the Swiss
Confederation, and fiis majesty the
Emperor of Brazil have each consented, on
the joint request of the two powers, to
name an arbitrator for the tribunal at
Geneva. I have caused my thanks to be
suitably expressed for the readiness with
which the joint request lias been complied
with by the appointment of gentlemen of
eminence and learning to these important
positions, liis majesty the Emperor of
Geimany has been pleased to comply with
the joint request of the two governments,
and has consented to act as the arbitrator
of the disputed water boundary between
the United States and Great Britain. The
contracting parties in the treaty have un
dertaken to regard as between themselves
certain principles of public law for which
the United States have contended from the
commencement of their history. They have
also agreed to bring these principles to the
knowledge of the oh! maritime powers, and
to invite them to accede to them. Negotia
tions are going on as to the form of the
note by which the invitation is to be ex
tended to the other powers.
I recommend the legislation necessary on
the part of the United States to bring into
operation the articles of the treaty relating
to the fisheries, aud to the other matters
touching the relations of the United States
toward British North American possessions,
to become operative so soon as the proper
legislation shall he had on the part of Great
Britain and its possessions. It is much to
he desired that this legislation may become
operative liefore the fishermen ot the United
States begin to make their arrangements for
the coming season. I have addressed a
communication, of which a copy is to be
transmitted herewith, to ti e governors of
New York. Pennsylvania. Ohio. Indiana,
Michigan, Illinois and Wisconsin, urging
iq»ou the governments of tho.-e States re
spectively the necessary action on their
part to carry into effect the object of the
article of the treaty which contemplates the
use of the canals on either side connected
with the navigation of the lakes and rivers
forming the boundary on terms of equality
1*> the inhabitants of both countries. It is
iioped that the importance of the object, and
tlie benefits to flow therefrom, will secure
the speedy approval and legislative sanction
of the States concerned.
I renew the recommendation for an ap
propriation tor determining tlie true po-i-
tiou of the forty-ninth parallel of latitude,
where it forms tlie boundary between the
United States and the British North Ameri
can possessions, between the Lake of the
Woods and the summit ot tlie Rocky Moun
tains. The early action of Congress on this
recommendation would put it iu the power
of the War Department to place a force iu
the field during the next summer.
The resumption of diplomatic relations
between France aud Germany have enabled
me to give directions lor the withdrawal of
the protection extended to Germans in
France by the diplomatic and consular rep
resentatives of the United States in that
country. Jt is just to add that the delicate
duty of this nrotection has been performed
by the minister and the consul general at
Paris, and the various consuls iu France
under the supervision of the latter, with
great kindness, as well as w ith prudence
and tact. This course has received the com
mendation of the German government, and
has wounded no susceptibility of the
French.
The government of the emperor of Ger
many continues to manifest a friendly feel
ing toward the United States, and a desire
to harmonize with the moderate and just
policy which this government maintains in
its relations with Asiatic powers, as well as
with the South American republics. I have
given assurances that the friendly feelings
of that government arc fully shared by the
United States. The ratifications of the con
sular aud naturalization conventions witii
the Austro-Hungarian empire have been ex
changed. I have been officially informed of
the annexation of the States of the Church
to the kingdom of Italy, and ti e removal of
the capital of that kingdom to Rome. In
conformity with the established policy of
the United States I have recognized this
change. The ratifications of the new treaty
of commerce between the United States and
Italy have been exchanged. The two powers
have agreed iu this treaty that private prop
erty at sea shall be exempt from capture in
case of war between the two powers. The
United States have spared no opportunity of
incorporating this rule into the obligation
of nations. The Forty-first Congress, at its
third session, made an appropriation for the
organization of a mixed commission for ad
judicating upon the claims of citizens of the
United States against Spain, growing out of
the insurrection in Cuba. That commission
lias since been organized. I transmit here
with the correspondence relating to its
formation and its jurisdiction. It is to be
hoped that this commission will afford the
claimants a complete remedy for their in
juries. It has been made the agreeable
duty of the United States to preside over a
conference at Washington between the
plenipotentiaries of Spain and the allied
South American republics, which has re
sulted in an armistice with the reasonable
assurance of a permanent peace. The inti
mate friendly relations which have so long
existed between the United States and Rus
sia continue undisturbed. The visit of the
third sou of the emperor is a proof that
there is no desire on the part of Lis govern
ment to diminish the cordiality of those re
lations. The hospitable reception which
has been given to the grand duke is a prool
that, on our side, we share the wishes ot
cruv^rninpnt. Tlift inpvoimahlft course
that government. The inexcusable course
M
ot
of
a
I
cruv^rninpnt. Tlift inpvoimahlft course
that government. The inexcusable course
of the Russian minister at Washington
rendered it necessary to ask liis recall, aud
to decline to longer to receive that function
ary as a diplomatic representative. It was
impossible with self respect, or with a just
regard to the dignity of the country, to per
mit Mr. Catacazy to continue to hold inter
course with this government, after his per
sonal abuse of government officials, and
during his persistent interference through
various means with the relations between
the United States and other powers. In ac
cordance with my wishes, this government
has been relieved of further intercourse
with Mr. Catacazy, and the management ol
the affairs of tiie imperial legation has
passed into tbe bands of a gentleman en
tirely unobjectionable.
With Japan we continue to maintain in
timate relations. The cabinet of the mikado
lias, since the close of the last session of
Congress, selected citizens of the United
States to servo in offices of importance in
several departments of government. I
have reason to think that tiiis selection is
due to an appreciation of the disinterested
ness of the policy which 1 lie United States
have pursued toward Japan. It is our de
sire to continue to maintain this disinter
ested and just policy with China, as well as
Japan.
The correspondence transmitted herewith
shows that there is no disposition on the
part of this government to swerve from its
established course. Prompted by a desire
to put an end to the barbarous treatment
of oitr shipwrecked sailors on the Corean
coast, I instructed our minister at Pekin to
endeavor to conclude a convention with
Corea, for securing the safety and humane
treatment of such mariners. Admiral Rod
gers was instructed to accompany him w it?:
a sufficient force to protect him in case ot
need. A small surveying party sent out,
on reaching the coast, was treacherously
al tacked at a disadvantage. Ample oppor
tunity was given for explanation and apolo
gy tor tiie insult. Neither came. A force
was then lauded. After an arduous march
over a rugged and difficult country, the
forts from which the outrages had been com
mitted were reduced by a gallant assault
and were destroyed. Having thus punished
the criminals, and having vindicated the
honor of the flag, the expedition returned,
finding it impracticable, under the circum
stances. to conclude the desired convention.
I respectfully refer to tlio correspondence
relating thereto herewith submitted, arid
lea\ e the subject for such fiction as Con
ress may see fit to take. The republic of
Mexico has not yet repealed the very ob
jectionable laws establishing what is known
the "free zone," on the frontier of the
United States. It is hoped that this may
yet be done, and also that more stringent
measures may be taken by that republic for
restraining lawless persons on its frontiers.
I hope that Mexico, by its own action, w ill
soon relieve this government of the diffi
culties experienced from these causes.
Our relations with the various republics
of Central and South America continue,
with one exception, to lie cardial and
friendly. I recommend some action by
Congress regarding the overdue install
ments under award of tne Venezuelan
claims commission of IK*'>'>. Tim internal
dissensions of this government present no
justification for tbe absence of effort to meet
their solemn treaty obligations. The ratifi
cation of an extradition treaty with Nica
ragua has been exchanged.
It is a subject for congratulation that the
great empire of Brazil has taken the initia
tory steps toward the abolition of slavery.
Our relations with that empire, always cor
dial, will naturally he made more sj by this
act. It is cot too much to hope that the
government oi Brazil may hereafter liud it
tor its interest, as well as intrinsically right,
to advance toward entire emancipation
more rapidly than the present act contem
plates. The true prosperity and greatness
of a nation is to he found in the elevation
and education of its laborers. It is a sub
ject for regret that the reform.- in this direc
tion. which were voluntarily promised by
the statesmen of Spain, have not been car
ried out in its West India colonies. The
law s and regulations for the apparent aboli
tion of slavery iu Cuba and i'orto Rico
leave most of the laborers iu bondage, with
no hope of release until their lives become a
burden to their employers.
I desire to direct your attention to the
fact that citizens of the United Stales,
or persons claiming to be citizens,
pf the United States are large holders in
foreign lauds oi this species of property for
bidden by the fundamental laws of their
alleged country. I recommend to Congress
to provide by stringent legislation a suit
able remedy against the holding, owning or
dealing iu slaves, or of being interested in
slave property in foreign lands, either as
owners, hirers or mortgagers by citizens of
It is to be regretted that tin*
disturbed condition of tlie Island of
Cuba continues to be a source of annoy
ance and anxiety. The existence of a pro
tracted struggle in such dose proximity to
our own territory, without apparent pros
pect of an early termination, can not be
other than an object of concern to a people,
who. while abstaining from interference in
the affairs of o*ln r powers, naturally desire
to see every country in the undisturbed en
joyment of peace, liberty and the blessings
ot free institutions. Our naval commanders
in Cuban viators have instructed, in
ease it should become necessary, to spare
no effort to protect the lives and* property
of bona tide American citizens, aud to main
tain the dignity of the flag.
It is hoped that all peinlingouestions with
Spain, growing out of the affairs in Cuba,
may he ad justed in the spirit of peace and
conciliation which has hitherto guided tin*
two powers iu their treatment ot su *h ques
tions.
To give importance and to add to the
efficiency of our diplomatic relations with i
Japan anil China, and to further aid in re
taiuing the good opinion of those peoples,
anil to secure to the United States its share
of the commerce destined to flow between
those nations and tiie balance of the com
mercial world, I earnestly recommend that
i
i

j

I
j
i
i
j
an appropriation be made to support at least
four American youths iu each of those
countries to serve ns a part of the official
family of our minister there. Our repre
sentatives would not even then be placed
upon an equality with the representatives
of Great Britain, and of some other powers.
As now situated, our representatives in
Japan and China have to depend for inter
preters and translators upon natives of those
countries, who know our language imper
fectly. or procure lor the occasion the ser
vices of employes in foreign business houses,
or the interpreters to other foreign minis
ters.
I would also recommend liberal measures
for the purpose of supporting the American
lines of steamers now plying, between San
Francisco and Japan aud China anil the
Australian line, almost our only remaining
lim* of ocean steamers, and of increasing
their services.
The national debt lias been reduced
to the extent of eighty-six millions
fifty-seven thousand one hundred and
twenty-six dollars and eighty cents during
the year, and by tlie negotiation of national
bonds at a lower rate of interest. The in
terest on the public debt lias been so far
diminished that now the sum to be raised
for the interest account is nearly seventeen
million dollars less than on the first of
M arch, lsfiff. It was highly desirable that
this rapid diminution should take place,
both to strengthen the credit of the country
and to convince its citizens of their entire
ability to meet every dollar of liability
without bankrupting them, but in view of
the accomplishment of these desirable ends
ot tbe rapid development of tlie resources
of the country, its increasing ability to
meet large demands, and the amount
already paid, it is not desirable that the
present resources ot the country should
continue to be taxed in order to continue
this rapid payment. I therefore recommend
a modification of Dot li the tariff' aud inter
nal tax laws. I recommend that all taxes
from internal sources lie abolished, except
those collected from spiritous, viuous aud
malt liquors, tobacco iu its various forms,
and from stamps. In readjusting the tariff
I suggest that a careful estimate he made of
the amount ot surplus revenue collected
under tLe present laws after providing for
the currant expenses of the government,
the interest account aud a sinking fuud,
aud that this surplus be reduced in such a
manner as to afford the greatest relief to
the greatest number. There are many ar
ticles not produced at home, but which
enter largely into general consumption
through articles w Inch are manufactured at
home, such as medicines compounded, etc.,
from which very little revenue is derived,
hut which enter into general use. All such
articles I recommend to be placed on the
free list.
Should a further reduction prove advisa
ble, I would then recommend that it be
made upon those articles which can best
bear it without disturbing home production
or reducing the wages of American labor.
I have not entered into figures, because to
do so would be to repeat what will be laid
before you in the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The present laws for collecting the reve
nue pay collectors of customs small sala
ries, out provide for moieties. Shares in
all seizures which at principal ports of
entry particularly raise the compen
sation of those officials to a large sum.
It has always seemed to me as if this sys
tem mast at times work ]>eruiciously. It
holds out an inducement to dishonest men,
should such get possession of those offices,
to be lax in their scrutiny of goods entered,
to enable them finally to make large seiz
ures. Yourattention is respect fully invited
to this subject.
Con t i nued fl uetuat ions in tlie val ue of gold,
as compared with the national currency,
has a most damaging effect upon the in
crease and development of the country, in
keeping up prices of all articles necessary in
every day life. It fosters a spirit of gam
bling. prejudicial alike to national morals
and the national finances. If the question
can he met as to how to give a fixed value
to our currency, that value constantly aud
uniformly approaching par with specie, a
very (Irritable object will be gained.
For the operations of tbe army in the past
year, the expense of maintaining it, the s
timates for the ensuing year, anil for conti
nuing seaeoast and other improvements
conducted under the supervision of the War
De partmeiit. I refer you to the accompany
ing report of the Secretary ot War. I call
your attention to the provisions of the act
of Congress, approved March 3, 1 Stiff, which
discontinues promotions in the staff corps of
the army until provided for by law. I rec
ommend that the number of officers in each
grade in the stall' corps be fixed, and that
whenever the number in any one grade
falls below tie* number so fixed that the
vacancy may lie tided by promotion from
the grade below. I also reeummeud that
when the office of chief of a corps becomes
vacant, the, place may be filled by selection
from the corps in which the vacancy exists.
'I he report of the Secretary of the Navy
shows an improvement iu tlie number anil
efficiency of tiie naval force, without ma
terial increase iu the expense of supporting
it. This is due To the policy which lias been
adopted and is being extended as fast as our
material w ill adyiit, of using smaller \es
sels as cruisers on the several stations. By
this means we have been enabled to occupy
at once a larger extent of cruising ground.
to visit more frequently tlie ports where the
presence of our nag is desirable, and gener
ally to discharge more efficiently the appro
priate duties of the navy in time of peace,
without exceeding the number of men or
the expenditure authorized by law.
During tbe past year the navy has, in ad
dition to its regular services, supplied the
men and officers for the vessels of the coast
survey, and has completed the surveys au
thorized by Congress of the isthmus of Darien
aud Tehauutepec. and under like authority
has seut out an expedition completely fur
nished aud equipped to explore the un
known ocean of the north. The sugges
tions of the report as to the necessity for
increasing and improving the material of
the navy, and the plan recommended for
reducing the personnel of the service to a
peace standard by the gradual abolition of
certain grades of officers, tlie reduction of
others, and the employment of some in the
service of the commercial marine, are well
considered, and deserve the thoughtful at
tention of Congress. I also recommend
that all promotions in the navy above tin*
rank of captain be by selection, instead of
by seniority. This course will secure in the
higher grades greater efficiency, aud hold
out an incentive to young officers to im
prove themselves in the knowledge of their
profession. The present cost ot maintain
ing the navy, its cost compared with that of
the preceding year, and the estimates for i t
the ensuing year, are contained in the ac
companying rep >rt of the Secretary of the
Navy.
The enlarged receipts of the Postoffice
Department, as shown by the accompany
ing report of the Postmaster General, ex
hibit a gratifying increase in that branch
of the public service. It is tbe index of the
growth of education and of the prosperity
of the people—two elements highly condu
cive to the vigor and stability of republics
witii
a vast territory liki
ours, much of it
spurs
ciy populated. Inft
ail requiring the. i
servi
of the mail. It
is nut at present
tl) ilC
expected that tiiis
A partment can be
mailt
sell-sustaining, it
it a gradual ati
1
li to this end fiom y
ear to year is cmi
Aden
lv relied ol. and*
lie day is not fur
distant uId ii tli»» Potitort
ee Department of
tin* g
overniuent will prnv
e a much greater j
ldi*SMD£T t> the whole
people than it j
is n
>W. i tl«* *ll£gest!<
ms ot the l'.-t
master General
tin* department
lor imp!'
piesided o v
uinin nilt d to
i no nts m
*r bv him
vonr special
attention: especial!v do I recommend l.ivor* I
w
to
to

I of

(1>I<» i*»>U8i<h*ration of tli
th.* t*-l*'pra]>hic .-vsti-ni o:
with the postal system,
by such ;t course tin* c<
could lie much reduced,
well, if not better, rcndi
jdan for uniting i
the United State*.
It is believed that 1
ist of telegraidiin^ I
aud tlie service as I
red. It would so- i
j.o
*.f
i news f
desire
"lire tbe further advantage of extending
j tue telegraph through portions of the i*.iii:i
try where private enterprise will not eoti
I strutt it. unnerve, trade, and. above all.
j th<* efforts t-i bring a people v. idely separ
i ated into si community of interest, *an* al
ways benefited by n rapid inteivoinuimiii-a
i tion. Education, the grand work of lie
j publican institutions, is encouraged by in
creasing the facilities to gather speedy
a all parts of tbe country. The
reap the benefit of such improve
ments will stimulate education. 1 refer von
to flit* report of tin* Postmaster General lot*
full details of tbe operations of last year. I
and for comparative statements of the result
with former years.
'1 here lias been imposed up r *n the exeeu-
five brunch ol the government the exeeu
tion of the act of Congiess approved April 1
'30, 1871. and commonly known as the Kn- i
Klux law, in a portion of the State of S.iuth i
Carolina. The necessity of the course pur I
sued will be demonstrated by the report of f
tbe committee to investigate' Southern out-
rages. Under tbe provisions of the abovo
aet I issued a proclamation calling the at- I
tention of the people of the United States
to the same, and declaring my reluctance to
exercise any of the extraordinary powers
thereby conferred upon me, except in ease
of imperative necessity, but making known
my purpose to exercise such powers when
ever it should become necessary to do so.
for the purpose of securing all'citizens of
the United States the peaceful enjoyment
of tlie rights guaranteed to them by the
constitution aud the laws. After the pass
age of this law information was received
from time to time that combinations of the
character referred to iu this law existed,
and were powerful in many parts of the
Southern States, particularly in certain
counties in the State of South Carolina.
Careful investigation was made, anil it
was ascertained that in nine counties of
that State such combinations were a.'tive
and powerful, embracing a sufficient por
tion of ei.izens to control the local author
ity, and having, among other tilings, tin
object of depriving the emancipated class
of the substantial benefits of freedom, and
of preventing the free political action of
those citizens who did not sympathize with
their own views. Among their operations
were frequent- scourgings and occasional
assassinations, generally perpetrated at
night by disguised persons, their victims in
almost all cases being citizens of different
political sentiments front their own. or lreod
persons who hail shown a disposition to claim
equal rights with other citizens. Thousands
«t imotieiisive and well disposed citizens
were the sufferers by this lawless violence.
Thereupon, on the twelfth of October, 1871,
a proclamation was issued, in terms of the
law, calling upon tbe members of those
combinations to disperse within five days,
and to deliver to the marshal or military
officers of the United States all arms, am
munition, uniforms, disguises, and other
means and implements used by them for
carrying out their unlawful purposes. This
warning not having been heeded, on the
seventeenth of October another proclama
tion was issued suspending the* writ of
habeas corpus in nine counties in that State.
Direction was given tiiat within the coun
ties so designated persons supposed, upon
creditable information, to be members of
such unlawful combinations should he ar
rested by the military forces of tlie United
States aud delivered to tue marshal, to he
dealt with according to law.
In two of said counties—York and Spar
tansburg—many arrests have been made. At
the last account the number of persons thus
arrested was one hundred and sixty-eight.
Several hundred, whose criminality was as
certained to be of an inferior degree, were
released for the present. These have gen
erally made confessions of their guilt.
Great caution has been exercised in makiug
these arrests, and notwithstanding the
large number, it is believed that no inno
cent person is now in custody. The prison
ers will be held fur regular trial iu the judi
cial tribunals of the U tided States. As soon
as it appeared that tbe authorities of the
United States were about to take vigorous
measures to enforce the law, many persons
absconded, and there is good reason for
supposing that all of such persons have
violated the law. A full report of what
has been done under this law, will be sub
mitted to Congress by the Attorney (Gener
al.
In Utah there still remains a remnant of
barbarism, repugnant to civilization, to
decency, and to the laws of the United
States. Territorial officers, however,
have been found who are willing to perform
their duty in a spirit of equity anil with a
due sense of sustaining tbe majesty of the
law. Neither polygamy nor any other vio
lation of existing statutes will be permitted
within the territory of the Uuite'd States.
It is not with the religion of the self-styled
a
i t
i
j
j
I but sun Iv tl
Saints" that we arc now dealing, but with
their practices. They w ill he protected in
the worship id" God according to the dic
tates ot their ow n consciences, but they will
n ot he permitted to violate the laws under the
cloak of religion. It may be advisable for
Congress to consider what, in the execution
of the laws against polygamy, is to be the
status of plural wives and their off
spring. The propriety of Congress
passing au enabling act, authorizing the
Territorial Legislature of Utah to legitimize
all children born prior to a time fixed in the
act. might he justified by its humanity to
these ignorant cliildren. This is a sugges
tion only, and not a recommendation.
The policy pursued toward the Indians
has resulted favorably, so tar as can he
judged from the limited time during which
it lias been iu operation. Through the ex
ertions of the various societies of Christians
to w hom has been intrusted the execution
ot the policy, and the hoard of commission
ers authorized by the law of April 10, 18111),
many tribes of Indians have been induced
to settle upon reservations, to cultivate tbe
soil, to perform productive labor of various
kinds, and to partially accept civilization.
1 hey are being cared for in such a way,
it is hoped, as to induce those
still pursuing their old habits of
life to embrace the only opportunity which
is left 111*10 to avoid extermination."
1 recommend liberal appropriations t.*
carryout the Indian peace policy, not only
because it is humane, Christiaulike aud
economical, but because it is right. 1
recommend to your favorable considers
tion. also, the policy of granting a terri
torial government to tlie Indians in the
Iiulian Territory west of Arkansas and
Missouri, and south of Kansas. In doing
so. every riglu guaranteed to the Indian by
treaty should be secured. Such a course
might in time be the means of collecting
most of the Indians now between the Mis
souri aud the Pacific and south of the
British possessions into one Territory or
one State.
The Secretary of the Interior has treated
upon this subject a! length, and 1 commend
to you bis suggestions.
I renew my recommendation that the
public lands be regarded a.-> a heritage to
our children, to be disposed of only as re
quired for occupation, and to actual set
tlers. Those already granted have been iu
great part disposed of iu such a way as to
secure access to the balance by tbe hardy
settler who may wi.-b to avail himself of
them; but caution should ever be exei vised
in attaining so desirable an object.
Educational interests may well be serve 1 by
the grant of the proceeds of the sale of
public lands to settlers I do not wish to
lerstood as recommending in the least
degree a curtailment of what is being done
by tin* general government for the cucour
agemeut of education.
Tin' report of the Secretary of the Inte
riur, submitted with this, will give you all
the information collected and prepared for
publication in regard to the census taken
during the year 1870—the operations of the
Bureau of Education for the year, The
Patent iffic. the Pension Office, the Land
Office, and the Indian Bureau. The report
of the onmiissiouer of Agriculture gives
tin* operations ul this department for the
year. As agriculture is the groundwork of
our prosperity, too much importance can
not be attached to tin* labors of this depart
ment. It is in tbe bands of au able head,
w ith able assistants, all zealously devoted
to introducing into the agricultural produc
lions of the nation useful products adapted
to any oi the various climates and soils of i
our va«t territory, and to giving all useful j
information a« to t?,e method i f cultivation j
I of ti e plants, cereals atni other products
adapted to particular localities. Quietly
i
1
I
I
i
tnjj a treat n:.
j.o
Agricultural Bureau is work
nal good, and if duly sup
fie more whirl*, its influence will he
■xteniled. aud the less depeiidt
it* upon the products of foreign
1 he subject of compensation t
*.f bureaus and officials holding
t snousibiliry. and requiring
haracter i*:l properly, is oi
our attention is invited: but
eceive a compensation equal
pe--table support of a l'am l.v.
juries are such as to involve inilli
crest. In private life, servi
to ti
n: we shall
ci);>iitrie.s.
i Tin* heads
tositioas ot
liiiity and
e to which
lie officials
to the re
while their
ions ot iu
s demand
rvic.-s reu
I .just pre


1
i
i
I
f


lered. A wisp economy would
atiie rule iu tin* government
lavenot given the estimates for
if government for the ensuing v
omparative statement between t
:res for the year just passed a
"ing, because all these
contained in the accompanying
in those presented directly to
These c-tiuiatcs have my approva
More Thau six years liav
since the last hostilegiiK was tired between
the armies then arrayed against each other:
one for the perpetuation, the other for the
destruction of the Union. It may well be
considered whether it is not now time that
the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment should be removed. That
amendment does not exclude the ballot, but
only imposes the disability to hold office
upon certain classes. When the purity of
the ballot is secure, majorities are sure to
elect officers reflecting tbe views of the ma
jority. I do not see the advantage or pro
priety of excluding men from office merely
because they were, before the rebellion, of
standing and character sufficient to be
elected to positions requiring them to take
oath to support the constitution, and ad
mitting to eligibility those entertaining pre
cisely the same views, but of less standing
in their communities. It may be said that
the former violated an oath, while the latter
did not. The latter did not have it in their
power to do so. If they had taken that
oatli. it can not be doubted that they would
have broken if, as did the former class.
If there are any great criminals distin
guished above all others for the part
they took in opposition to the government,
they might, in the judgment of Congress,
he excluded from such au amnesty. This
subject is submitted for your careful con
sideration. The condition of the Southern
States is. unhappily, not such as all true
patriotic citizens would like to see. Local
ostracism for opinion's sake, personal vio
lence or threats toward persons entertain
ing political views opposed to those enter
tained by the majority of the old citizens,
prevents emigration and the flow of much
needed capital into the States lately in re
bellion. It will be a happy condition of the
country when the old citizens of these States
will take an interest in public affairs, pro
mulgate ideas honestly entertained, vote
for men registering their views, and tolerate
the same freedom of expression and ballot
in those entertaining different political
convictions.
Under tlie provisions of the act of Con
gress, approved February 21, 1871, a terri
torial government was organized iu the
District of Columbia. Its results have
thus far fully realized the expectations of
its advocates. Under tlie direction of the
territorial officers a system of improve
ments has been inaugurated, by means of
which Washington is rapidly becoming a
eitv worthy of the nation's capital. The
citizens of the district luivi voluntarily
taxed themselves to a large amount for the
purpose of contributing to tlie advancement
of the scat of government. 1 reeomm-mi
liberal appropriations ou the part of Con
gress in order that the government may
hear its just share of tbe expense of carry
ing out a judicious system of improvements.
By the great fire in Chicago the most im
portant of the government buildings in that
city were consumed. Those burned had al
ready become inadequate to the wants of
the government in that growing city, and,
looking to the near future, were totally in
adequate. I recommend, therefore, that au
appropriation be made immediately to pur
chase tbe remainder of tbe square on which
the burned buildings stood, provided it can
be purchased at a fair valuation, and pro
vided that tbe Legislature of Illinois will
pass a law authorizing its condemnation for
government purnyees, and, also, appropriat
licfate tin*
service. I
he support
ar. nor the
ic expendi
d tlie one
figures arc
reports or
Congress.
ai.
w elapsed
ing as |much money ae can be ex|>ended
toward the erection of new buildings dur
ring this fiscal year.
The number of immigrants ignorant of
our laws, habits, etc., coming into our
country annually lias become so great, and
impositions practiced upon them so numer
ous and flagrant that I suggest Congres
sional action for their protection. It set rus
to me a fair subject of legislation by Con
gress. I can not now state as fully as I
desire the nature of the complaints by im
migrants of the treatment they receive, but
will endeavor to do so during tlie session of
Congress, particularly it the subject should
receive your attention. It has has been the
aim of tiie administration to enforee
honesty and efficiency in till public
offices. Every public servant who has vio
lated the trust placed in him has been pro
ceeded against with all the rigor of the
law. If bad men have secured places, it
lias been the fault of the system established
by c ustom for making appointments, or the
fault of those wbo recommend fur govern
ment positions persons not sufficientiy well
known to be personally responsible, or who
have letters indorsing the characters ot
office seekers without proper sense, of the
grave responsibility width such a course
devolves upon them. A civil service reform
which can correct these abuses is much de
sired in mercantile pursuits. The business
mau who gives a letter of recommendation
to a friend to enable him to obtain credit
from a stranger is regarded as morally re
sponsible for the integrity of his friend, and
liis ability to meet liis obligations. A re
formation law which would enforee this
principle against all indorsers of persons
lor p i'dic place would insure great caution
in making recommendations.
A salutary lesson has been taught the
careless and dishonest public servuut iu the
great number of prosecutions aud convic
tions of th.* last two years. It is gratifying
to notice the favorable change which is
ing place throughout the country iu
bringing to punishment those who have
prfcveu recreant to the trusts confided to
tl >-m. and .ri elevating to public office none
loir 'fio-e w ho possess the confidence of tlie
honest and tbe virtuous, who it will always
he found comprise the majority of the com
munity in which they live. In my message
to Congress one year ago, I urgently recom
mended a reform iu the civil service of the
country: iu conformity with tiiat reco
menilarion Congress, in the ninth section
cosu
sectiou of
an act making appropriations for the civil
expenses of the government, and for other
purposes, approved March 3. 1871, gave the
necessary authority to tlie executive
to inaugurate a civil service re
form ami placed upon him the responsi
bility ot doing so under authority of said
aet. I convened a hoard of gentlemen emi
nently qualified lor the work to devise rules
and regulations to effect the needed reform.
heir labors at e not yet complete, but it is
believed that they w ill succeed in devising
a plan wli.cli can bo adapted to the great
relief of the executive, the heads of depart
ments am: members of Congress, aud which
ui.i redqunu to the true interest of the pub
kc service. At all events, the experiment
shall have a fair trial.
I have thus hastily summed tip the opera
tions of the government dnriug the past
tear, and made euih suggestions as occur
to me to be proper D r your consideration.
I submit herewith a confidence that vour
combined action will be most statesmanlike,
and iu the best interests of the whole coun
try; U. S. GRANT,
r.xecutive Mansion. December 4. 1871.
Public Debt Statement.
Washington. December 1.—In couse
quence of tue large number of petisious
wh'.eh have been paid during the past
month, tbe reduction of the public debt
amounts to only $3,4fi2,tl00. The following
a recapitulation of the statement of the
public debt:
I'KltT BK.VKIN14 INTSKS-T I.X I.,,;.;.
Bonis at six per rent.............$|Y77, 185,150
Navi
i
j
j

?KT BBAKI.NO INTEREST IN LAWK1
;t!es ot indebtedness at tom
peiiMon fund at thi
icates at three per
.$1,834.498,8.^
:W,9.>4,839
UL liii.VKV.
r.tand aud It
cal tender notes.
+:..V7,r>92.801
Hd' T
l;-.. cinrea
10.1 tit
el t.ficates.
2 *,928,1411
lecii Ynttrca
*422,686.978
14,442
!>r
'1 »TAL D K BT.
$2,317,123,125
87,508,998
7
*2,:;r>4 »>:n.:>72
r«».n.
U
H IN TKKAMJKY.
$96,256,555
urrn
'W.........
M»,J 25,590
To
;al
$im;,:;bo,i44
Debt.
lets rath ii
Treasury. I>cceL
hr
1, I IT l
.$2,448,251,368
Novcil
Dor 1, IrfTl
2,251.7] 3,448
Decr**a
so of doLt
3uring the pa.»t

ru<
nth.........
$5,462,000
n.cm
f*r of dent sit
ice March Y.'L:; 7
72,457,497
Let re;
to
so ol cloht ti
March 1, 18:
>m March 1, 1*69,
204 754,413
bonds
18«rKD TO
PACIFIC RAILKO
D 4 O.M PAN IKS.
Prii.c;pai outstanding.................
inti ri st accrued and not yet paid.....
Interest paid by the United Stares..
Interest repaid by transportation of
Fa
ils
UliittU
paid by thi
*S4.td8,8:i2
l.i)15,47l
12,tiS2,475
14,563
Metairie Knees.
The fall meeting of tlie Metairie races
opens tu day. Races commence at hall-past
two o'clock. With the drying winds of yes
terday aud fair weather today, the track
must be iu excellent condition, and every
thing looks promising for the whole course.
The programme of to-day is as follows:
First I)\v. Tuesday, December b—First
Itacc,
.—(Hurdle race)—Two miles,
over
ti.irht
hurdles; club purse if, ',00.
tiecontl Jhtre .—The Metairie stake.
lor
ti.ree
-year olds; $.!>0 entrance, p. ji.;
two
miles
$000 added; second horse to m
•eiva
$100:
third horse to save liis stake. Cl
osoil
with
eleven nominations.
Th
ii'jl Hace .—.Mile beats tor all ages;
club
purse 4'
The Temperature.
The
the
rmometer
Kt
Louis Frigi
erio
X
o. 10
Chi
trtres street.,
stood Sund;
ay
as
fo
Hows:
A:
8 A. M.. 43
at '2 P. M., ii.
at
U. M..
'tf
and yeste;
:d;
ay. at 8 A. M
j;
at
ff P.
M.
4*7 at *3
V
M.. 43 1.
(>W<*
st
r
lint uu
trit
g the night
o:
1' December
i, 4;
Fi
til of r
ain
timing the
xi
ight of Den
rmb
or
3,
one-t v
»ei:
tieth of an i
no
*h.
r i Hi i! vv tvx v: C
W.L»r.— It will titere
going to Hnvana nr
know that the solenfl
Cat,
Ki.t s and Kt.v
rsons desirous ol'
Florida ports to
eamship Florida
Pendleton, w;ll leave lien; foil
tiiu'c places to morrow iWednesday) morn I
mg. at eigh* o'clock, from her wharf, at tire
i■* of Gaiennie s.ref. Shippers of
**eight ton get through hills of lading to
all pmnts on the line of the railroad* in
Fiorina and on the St. Johns river, :ts well
as to New lork, Savannah and Charleston.
Tl:** ae omiuodatioii.s on the .steamers of this
litre arc first class, and the officers iu com
mand are among the ablest and most expe
rienced that go out of this port.
Messrs. Pierce Lindop's Furnishing
Goods. —Persons who are desirous of pur
chasing the most stylish and the best made
shirts, drawers, undershirts, hosiery, hand
kerchiefs. gloves, cravats, etc., should give
Messrs. Pierce Lindrop, So. 11S Canal
street, a cali. Their prices arc exceedingly
reasonable, and their stock al! new and
fashionable. At tne late State fair, this
£rtn took four premiums for excellent goods
in their line, while the display of goods
made by them attracted universal attention.
A man who sat upon a paper of carpet
nails said they reminded him of the iucoine
tax.
of
our
rus
I
of
it
is
SPECIAL NOTICES.
At ft PafcHc illefttlftft mi tfcft Taxpayrt
of tbe parish of 'Jefferson, left back, held the foirtu.
day of December. 18*1, at the plantation of T. So
niat, Baq., on the fneeti'n# bein'* callerf to order,
W. Method, Bs**.. was requested to take the chair,
ami V. C. Hester, Esq., to act as secretary. The
following resolutions were then read aud unani
mously adopt-.1:
Be it resolved. That a committee of tour citi/iens
(taxpayers) be appointed by the meeting at large,
with full powers and authority to act in adopting
immediately some measures for the relief and pro
tection of the taxpayers of this parish against the
aggressions and wiMfo! sacrifices of the interests of
the taxpayers by men acting,with pretended antbrw
rity at present, as polity- j urors—men devoid of all it
terest, being nou-taxpayers, and whose appoint
ment^ we have never recognized or acknowledged;
aiw wher* as, the present Police Jury of the parish
of Jetterson, left iurnk, lias no right to issue bonds,
warrants or certifi rates of indebtedness, nor to ex
propriate owners oi lands to build shell roads; and
w hereas, we do not recognize said body as the legal
Police Jury of the palish of Jefferson, left bank;
therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the taxpayers, will resist the
payment of all bonds, warrants or certificates of
indebtedness issued by them, and the payment of
ah taxes assessed to pay the same.
And l>e it further resolved, That a committee o:
three be appointed, by this meeting to examine tlm
levee and report to the Governor the work neces
M.trv to be done to protect this parish from over
fiow. a d consult with him as to the best means to
provide the funds required to do the necessary
work.
Tlie meeting appointed, as executive committee:
M< ssrs. W. Method', R. H. Bpangenberg, V. tl. He*
ter and A. Trudeau. Committee on levees: Messrs,
('hark*s LeBreton, Boisblanc and A. Trudeau.
Be it resolved. That the secretary of this meet
ing be requested and authorized to publish, in tbe
New Orleans Tin«e», Republican and Loinsiaua
Register, the proceedings of this meeting.
W. MKTHOFF, President.
J. F. IlKftTKR. Secretary, _ dc5 It*
Notice to Consignees —The German steam
ship HainriDuiia. 4 aptaiu J. Meyer, from Hamburg,
via Hav re, Santander and Havana, has arrived, and
will commetice discharging her cargo at her wharf,
Posts 42 and 43. Fourth District, on WEDNESDAY,
December 6, 1871. Consignees are requested to
make their entries at the Customhouse as soon as
possible pay their freight bills at this office, and
attend promptly to the receipt of their goods on
tlie levee, otherwise they will be stored at their
riHk and expense. No claims will be allowed after
goods have lett the Jevee.
WILLIAMS, RUPBRTI A CO.,
dc5 3t _ No. 1.10 Common street.
If all of Anrerican Hook and Ladder Fire
Company No. 2, New Orleans. December 4,1871.—
At the annual meeting of the above company held
this day, the following gentlemen were elected
officers for the ensuing year:
Broussard. President
James If. Murphy. Vice President.
J. V. Dacosta,* Recording Secretary.
T. J. Connell.* Financial Secretary.
T. C. Casserly/ Treasurer.
J. S. I)i* tiich,* Walden.
1*. B O'Brien. Jr.,* Foreman.
P. P. Hickey,* First Assistant Foreman.
S. P. Vosburgh Second Assistant Foreman.
Del. gates to Firemen's Charitable Association—
A. Broussard, T. J. Connell* and T. B. O'Brien. Jr.
Substitute Delegates to Firemen's Charitable
Association—W. Homes,* Joseph Vigo, Jr..* and
James If. Murphy.
Marshal—W\ J. J. Armstrong.
Housekeeper—W. F. Bulger*.
TiHerman—Jobu Rooney.
J* V. DACOSTA, Secretary.
•Re-elected. deS2t
Notice.—Stockholders of the Cuba and Louisiana
Mining aud Paving Company are hereby notitied
that an election for directois will he held at the
office of the company, No. 13 8t. diaries street, on
Monday, January 1,1872, f>f#m twelve to two o''clock.
d**5 J. R. HASTINGS, Secretary.
AsspssmeDt Notice.—Office Economy Mutual
Aid Association, No. 43 Caroudclet street, up
»;airs —The memtiers of Class A, of tiiis associa
tion arc hereby notified that assessments Nos. T
and R. caused by the death of Stephen Basilisco, on
the twenty-tilth day of August: and of Adolph
Augustin, ou the fifteenth day of November, art)
now due anil payable AT THIS OFFICE, within
thirty days from this date, and unless so paid tiieir
policies will he cauceled, according to the terms
thereof. Notice renieiai.
di*3 5r JAMKS B. GFTHRIE. Seer eta ry.
Southern Bank. New Orleans, November
.10, fiJTI —Au lection for six directors of this bank,
to serve the ensuing rear, will be held at its bant
ing house, on WEDNESDAY. December 13, 1*71
iron, 12 M„ to 1 P. It. C. LIVAl'DALS, Cashier.
dc2 113
Notice to ouniiineea.— The British bad.
Alarm, Captain Watson, from Liverpool, will com
mence discharging her cargo on MONDAY NEXT,
ihe torn t ii instant, at_ her wharf, post thirty-nine,
Fourth Distr ict. Consignees are requested to make,
their entries at the Customhouse as soon as possi
)**e: pay their freight, bills at this office, and get
delivery orders for tiieir goods, aud attend prompt])
to the receipt of the same ou the levee; otherwise
they will be stored at their risk and expense. No
ill he allowed after goods have lelt the
lev
ill 2 3t
WILLIAMS, nn-EP.TI A. CO.
No. 1110 1 oiuinon street.
Notice.—N. 'iher the owners, e.iptaui. nor tire
indersigueu. consignees of the British hark Alarm
viil lie responsible tin any debts eonli acted by tho
lew ot said vessel.
de2 3t WILLIAMS. Rt'PERTI k Ca
lltflce of Louisiana Levee Company. No.
33 i arondelot street.—Notice is hereby given tiiat
the stork boy's ot tl i.- company will be closed Ur
transfers ou December 11. that an expression ot
bona lid.* etneklio.ders may he given to propose!
modifications of tin* art.e i-s of association at tie
no ,-ting of October 12.
Bv order of the President.
lot TH. I. BIX, Seeretarr.
Th.* Proiilr's Bank. New Orleans. N'n
vemliiT 23, l.;71.—Tbe sleek holders of this bank
haying consented to an amendment to tlie charter
to increase the sto k from two hundred thousand
to the sum of three hundred thousand dollars, as
reeonimeuiled by the Boa r d of Directors um er the
eighth article of the charter, they are hereby
notified that The subscription list for the addi
tinn il stuck is now open at the hanking l ouse, and
will remain open fur sixty days from this date
Tlu* subscriptions to the now stock should be paid
in lull before the first day of February next.
[Extract from Article Till, of the Charter.)
And within whirl! time stockholders shall have
the privilege of taking additional shales, iu pro
portion to tlie number of chares held by them re
spectively; itad shares not taken at the expiration
id taid time may be sold by the Board of Directors,
at not 1, ss than par, for the benefit of the corpora
tion.
Bv order of the Board.
do29 defi 13 2o |t. M. DAVIS, President..
N'oriee.—''arondciet street and Carrollton City
Rail load Company, otfiee No. 12 Caroudelet 9treet,
New leans, November 23, 1871.—Subscriber**
to tlie capital stock of this company are
hereby mil Hied that the eighth installment of ten
per cent w ill lie due aud payable at tiie otfiee oi the
company, on FRIDAY, December I. 1871.
Bv (truer of 1 l;e Hoard of Directors.
no2H Hit CHARLES W. NQCIKKK. Secretary.
Metropolitan Loan. Savings and Pledge
Bank. .Nfw OrieaiiA. November 10, 1871.—Notice id
hereby given that an election will be held bv the
stoekiioldei's of this Hank, at the banking house,
on MONDAY, the eleventh day of December, 137i
between the hours of 1" A. M. and 4 P. M., for nine
Directors to serve for the, ensuing year.
noli endim _ 'i'. D. VAN HORN, Cashier.
OIHrr of the Louisiana Lever Company,
Xu. 33 Caroudelet street.—Pursuant to a resolution
m'.iip;o,l at a meeting of tlie Boanl of Director*
In cl on the twenty-second instant, a meeting of
t lie stockholder of the Louisiana Levee Company
will In* held at the office of the company on
TUESDAY, December 12, at 7 P. M., for*tin* purpose
ul m tiug mi a. proposition to reduce the capital
stock of the company and the par vuluo thereof,
amt f ir making such other nioditteati >ns and addi
tions to the aiticlee of association as may he deter
mined mi. THOMAS I DIX,
mi23 td Secretary.
Office Upper Ketl Kiver Unit Uanpasy
ol Li ai ia: a. Aikaosas and Texas, No. 10 naron
ili lct street, h'ovetnhc! 10. 1311. A icgular meet
ing of the company will he held atilie domicil,
ul lit* emupauv, on the FIRST Tl'ESDAfi
of Pi i cmlier. 1871. A full attendance of the
incorporators is requested. Office hours t urn 1"
A. M. till 2 P. M.
Bv <tiller of J. If LEWIS, Vice President.
DkWit; O. Hkhwv, Secretary. uni!) IM
and Pledge
f Orleans, October 31, 1371.—The Stock
.Metropolitan Loan, Savina
Ban
holders of ;!us bank arc hereby notified that au
stallmciit n ten per cent upon the capital stock
lias been i n Yd for by the Board of Directors, psv
aide at the banking bouse on or tietore the first oT
December. 1871. T. D. VAN HORN,
nol cudlm Cashier.
Special .Notice In iloteU and familiea.
fifi c on ve secured on consignment a lot ot the cele
brarcl CHINESE FIRE LIGHTER, warranted to
kind c u liie w i: bout the use of word. For eenu
ci" in time ami money they arc unsurpassed.
*1 bey much superior to anything of tbe kino
eve* oiii-rt »1, and we guarantee satisiaetiouiu everv
il rates offered to the trade.
W. G. WILMOT t CO.,
Ural Mccrhants No. 166 Povdraa street.
H i i-heuir's Hair Dye.— Tills superb hair
O 'I in- best iu the world—pcrfi ctlv I,armless.
i ole and instantaneous; no disappointment; nc
nd.i ous tuns nr disagreeable odor. The genuine
.m A. B itehelor's nairdye proilu«*s tunned;
h e a splendid black <*T natuful brown; leave**
t i a r clean, soil, beautiful; does not con
tui* a particle of-ead mr any injurious compound.
Foie in .1. druggists. Factory, So. 16 Bond street
New fines. ,jyl3 ly
POLITICAL NOTICES.
Shite Central Cammittre af the Repel*.
Iica.i raitv of Louisiana.—The members of this
eimiuiitt) e are notified to attend the regular meet
ing. which will be held on THURSDAY, December 7.
l#i i, at 7 F. M.. in the Senate Chamber.
By order of
F. B. 8. P1NCHBACK, President
WiLi.ua VieBRc,
K cor 3ing Secretary «latt* OntralCommi'.ttxp,