A pecments, etc., This Cocning.
8
Acankvy oF Music, Brooklvn.— English Opera:
Luerezia Borgin."' Muwe. Parepa-Rosa.
Boonit’s Tuerier—"Henry VIII” Miss Cushman.
Firril AVENUE THEATER" Divorce,”
GraND Ori:RA Housk.—" Lileen Oge.” Florence.
Lana Epwin’s THEATER. Opera Bouffe: La
Perichole.”” Mlle. Aimoa,
load GARDEN.—*“The Streets of New-York.”
ave.
OLymric THEATER. Humpty Dumpty.” Fox.
STrINwAY HaLrn.—Dolby’s Ballad Concert.
UxroN SQUARE TneATER.—Burlesque and Panto
mime Troupe.
WALLACK'S THEATER. Masks and Faces.”
AMERICAN INSTITUTE Eximsrrion, Third-ave. and
Sixty -tuand-st.—~ Open cay snd night.
DAN Tei's Circus, Fourteenth-st., between
Second and Th.rd-aves
Fasuiox Coursk.—Grand Military Festival and
Pete Chanpeire.
SAN FRANCIS00 MINsTI: 1 8.— Birch, Wambeld, ete.
ee

Starr MARCUS,
Q2 Jomx-st. (up stairs),
male a apeelalty of the
Gornaxw MaxtvracrorinGg Co.'s
STERLING SILVER WARE.
Ripecinl attention is requested to the many pew and elegant pieces
mapwisctured expressly to our order the past year, and quite recently
completed.
Au unususlls attractive assortment of novelties, in fancy silver, cased
for weddirs gis, of an inexpensive character,
The works of the Gorham Company are very extensive, enabling them
to emplor the vost accomplished talent in designing, shill in producing,
and the best ving machinery and method of manufactare, thus re.
Aucine the oo and braging these hesutiful wares within the reach of
slmoxt ever: jurchasern
The stavcars of this Rilver is that of British Sterling=925-1000,
AERVOUS TEBILTRY.
Munpirnr es No. 28 a sure remedy for Nervousness, Toss of Frerey
and Vigor Lon fpints, &e. Price, $5 per package of five $1 boxes,
ar lore 2 0 bof powder, whieh is important in all obstinate casey
Neat foo on recent of money, Send for inanual. Address HUMPHREYS
Scr hoxoeatwic MEDICINE CoMraNy, No. 062 Broadway, New
Yori er .a'l at real store, No. 817 Broadway.

Bavornnon's Hag Dye.~The best in the
worll. Mustnitaneces. barmless, perfec. Applied at Factory, No. 16
Hed-st.  Noul cTery where, Ta i
WiiErnrn AND WILSON’: SEWING MACHINE,
141 te osdway ood 20thest., by paying $10 down, and $10 per month,
wiborie pre, Machines to let. JT Brus M. PRERY.
Pty no—New  designa of Upholstered
Var tore Yt "ave not been attempted before im this coantry, st
Aas Vacate sud Curtain tore, Brosdway, near Astor-pluce,
i
Wine ow Siapes.—French Embroidered, new
pattems. of all lergils; Holland Shades, and a'l the pew desirable Shade.
Fixtures So. G. L. Kxury Co. 724 Broadway.
Lavinuovins, DRAPERIES, &e.—New pat
teris, jut out. All styles of Curtains at Krury Co's,
d 2 Broadway, above Fourth,
Tur WiLsoN SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.—
The best oud cl apest Srst-class wachines 1a the world! Price, from
$45 Lo $10; casy payments. Salesroon, i Broadway.
3
Jouven's Inoporovs Kip GLOVE CLEANER
renosa‘es so le gloves completely. _ p aa.
Full Styles Gentlemen's Dress TIATs ready
at pojular prices. Burke, 210 Broadway, corcer of Fulton-st.
A11EnD 70 Your TEETH. —Use daily Tuurs
rox's Ivory PrauL Toor Powpkk. a 3
Has wrITTEN 219,180 AccipeNt, and 12,000
Lirk, Poracies —TRAVILE RS Lier AND ACCIDENT Iw RACE Co.
ARTIFICIALITIES—PALMER LIMBS,
78 Broadway. N. Y.: 1.609 Clestrut-st.. Phila; 31 Greeu-st., Boston.
75RMS OF TIlE TRIBUNE.
Dany Trinusr, Mail Subscribers, 810 per annum.
SEMI-WERKLY TRIBUNE, Mail Subscribers, $4 per an.
We.LLY TwibUNE, Mail Subscribers, $2 per aunum.
Advertising Rates.
Dany TRIBUNE, 30c., 40c., 50¢., THe., and $1 per line.
SeMI-WEEKLY TRIBUNE, 25 and 50 cents per line.
WEEKLY TRIBUNE, $2, %3, and 35 per line,
According to position in the paper.
‘Terms, cash in advance.
Address. THE TRIBUNE. New-York.
Nevo Dork Daily Tribune.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1871.
A treaty guaranteeing trade-marks will shortly be con
cluded between Great Britain, Germany, and the United
States. The German Parliament will be opened by
the Emperor ju person, The funeral of M. Lam
brecht, late Minister of the Interior, was celebrated in
Paris yesterday, Several members of the Interna
tional Bociety have been arrested in Pesth, Hungary.
e=== Spain contemplates sending troops to Morocco.
The forest fires in Wisconsin have destroyed several
towns, and 200 lives are reported lost. The con:
tributions for the sufferers by the Chicago fire announced
by telegraph this morning amount to nearly $1,000,000.
Noah Porter was inaugurated President of Yale
College yesterday. A cargo of tobacco has been
seized by the Boston Custom-House officers. A
German steamer, with 800 immigrants, has arrived at
New-Orleans. The militia have been ordered out
to suppress the Ku-Klux in Missouri.
The contributions from New-York and Brooklyn for
the Chicago sufferers amount to about $600,000, The
standing of Mr. Havemeyer in court, as plaintiff against
Ingersoll, was argued. McDermott, the emigrant
robber, was sentenced to five years in State Prison,
Commodore Ashbury will sail for the Queen’s Cup next
KRaturday. The Ring is plotting to get rid of Deputy
Controller Green. Gold, 1144, 114}, 1143. Thermom
ater. T0”. 71°. 61°.
We have seen no more cheery reading since
the beginning of the disastrous dispatches
from Chicago than the announcements with
which Insurance Companies are crowding our
arventh nage.
In the pressing present exigency in public
affairs we need every possible element which
can fortify the party of Reform. The young
men of New-York, who, irrespective of party,
propose to organize for cooperative labor in
this direction, will be welcome in the contest
going on against fraud, misrule, and corrup
tion. Rightly directed, their enthusiastic ener
Sioa will be of ereat value in the fight before us.
The Count Benedetti has followed the
example of sundry French notables, and is
giving to the world his history of the diplo
matic complications at Berlin, at the begin
ping of the late war. Count Benedetti, with a
pertinacity which does honor to his Corsican
consistency, adheres to his old story that the
famous Recret Treaty of Napoleon, proposed in
1807, was really first proposed by Bismarck.
His statements, however, do not receive im
nlicit confidence.
One would suppose that to be a member of the
International Society involves some frightful
turpitude, judging from the gravity of a dis
patch announcing the arrest of several laborers
at Pesth. It is actually charged that these men
had on their persons documents which con
vioted them of belonging to this organization.
If it be a crime for laborers to associate to
gether, then all members of the International
are guilty but the Hungarian workmen are
not, therefore, necessarily incendiarics and
acaagcina
The conviction of McDermott, yesterday, in
spite of political influence in his favor, the
hard swearing of his cenfederates, and the
presence on the jury of one man whose con
duct as detailed elsewhere was certainly sus
picious and needs explanation, is encouraging.
The Commissioners of Emigration despaired,
a fortnight ago, of the convietion of any of
the five emigrant robbers then in the hands
of the police. Xow four of them have been
sent to State Prison for five years, and the
other, and the chief, has fled. But two
things remain to be done in this matter, and
these should be done promptly. Moore must be
brought back, tried, and punisiied and Super
jntendent Kelso should at ice, without wait
ing the slow process of the law, make New
York toe hot io hold the confederates of these
Business Noli(cs.
AAA AAA YARRA!
Neosvore DUrpiryry.
rogiica now conyicted and awaiting early con
viction. He and his officers kmow them. If
they do not, Mr. Wallach of the Commissioners
of migration can inform them, and in case he
is disinclined to do this, whioh we do not be
lieve, information will be found in a few days
in the columns of Tur TRIBUNE, skould there
be any delay by the police in the performance
of what ir 8 plain duty.
A woek ago a strip of territory nearly thirty
miles long had been devastated by tho Wis
consin forest fires; but this was not the limit
of the desolation, as later information reveals.
Then, several lumbering settlements had been
burnt, but few lives were lost. Now, it is
reported that the fires, kindled months ago
and burning with varying fierceneas ever since,
have continued to spread, and that not only
towns, but many lives (some say two hund
red) have been destroyed. This is a horrible
story, and is exaggerated, we hope; but it is
plain that a great calamity has fallen upon the
vast lumber region west of Green Bay and
south of Ontonagon.
A
We regret to observe symptoms of the ro
vival of the schemes of those who would an
nex Santo Domingo. Such a general and un
mistakable expression of public opinion has
been made in this matter that it was hoped
the advocates of the project would yield to
the popular will and let the matter rest. It
is a point for congratulation, however, that
the President adheres to his determination to
give way to the National voice and will not
lend the weight of his name and influence to
the Santo Domingo proposition, in his message.
Although we have received but few returns
in detail, except from Pennsylvania, our ad
vices warrant the statement that the Republi
can majority is at least 15,000 in Pennsylvania,
20,000 in Ohio, and 35,000 in Jowa. The Dem
ocrats have signally failed in their cunning
efforts to carry the Legislatures of the two
former States, the success of the Republicans
in this respect having been beyond their most
sanguine expectations. The result of the
Newark charter election foreshadows the tri
umph of Cornelius Walsh. Now, cannot Re
publicans in New-York, forgetting for a time
their injuries and burying their animosities,
administer one sound thrashing to the Tam
many Democracy
It is to be hoped that Judge Hogan and Dis
trict-Attorney Garvin will find leisure to-day
to try the case of ex-Deputy Coroner Shine
for shooting at Dr. Merrill, which is set. down
for examination in the Tombs Police Court
for this morning. The public are interested
to know just how far a man can legally go in
hunting down his fellow man in the jungles
of the First Ward, and whether or not one
gentleman of the medical fraternity is justi
fied in shooting through the windows of
another with intent to kill. Dr. Shine, accord
ing to all the published statements and the
evidence, a8 we have heard it, has repeatedly
threatened and endeavored to kill his milder
mannered neighbor. What does a New-York
Justice think of such demonstrations
Wall Street bears its burdens quite as well as
could be expected. There have been so far
only four small failures. Mr. Boutwell might
have materially contributed to the restoration
of confidence had he bought eight or ten mil
lions of United States bonds. The Treasury
can well gpare the currency, and the whole
financial and commercial community is un
doubtedly in a critical position for the want
of it. United States bonds declined fully one
half per cent after the announcement that only
four millions were taken out of nearly thrice
that amount offered, and the five-twenty six
per cents closed at from two and a half to two
and three-quarter per cent below par in gold,
the lowest point they have touched for the
last seven months.
Of the full report of the proceedings at the
Yale inauguration yesterday, no part will com
mand such general attention as the inaugural
address of the new President. The farewell
remarks of President Woolsey have all the
gimplicity and unaffected goodness which
characterize that venerable man; and the ad
dress of President Porter, foreshadowing the
future policy of the institution to whose ai
rection he has just been called, will be care
fully scanned. It suggests a compromise of
the stern classical curriculum with such a
course of study as these impatient and practi
cal times demand. The President would de
plore the rending of Greek study from the
academic schedule; but he is also solicitous
that the higher education shall not be so oc
cupied with the Past as to lose sympathy
with the Present, or be unable to prepare for
the Future. We hear no note of triumph for
Young Yale, but the utterances of the new
President and the whole spirit of the inaugu
ral ceremonies are full of hopeful suggestive
ness for the new career of the noble univer
cite
PRIVATE HELP FOR CHICAGO.
One word more as to the Chicago disaster.
At this distance from the scene of suffering
we are apt to look only at the outside loss,
the absolute destruction of millions of prop
erty in one of the great commercial centers,
which must gradually make itself felt through
the length and breadth of the country. The
shock to the financial system and the re
moval of capital from every branch of trade
are apt, after the first thrill of horror, to blot
out with us the deeper and more grievous loss
involved in the destruction of myriads of
happy homes and home ties. The public do
nations of money from the principal cities
have been so eager and large that smaller
towns and individuals will, we are afraid,
feel that their smaller charities would be
paltry and almost out of place. It should be
remembered, however, that there is always, in
the distribution of actual money, a certain
amount of red-tapism and delay, while there
are now, at this moment, upward of a hundred
thousand people reduced from a state of
plenty in a night, actually without food and
clothes. Help for them, to be efficient, should
not only be promptly sent, but of such a
nature as to be promptly used. The actual
present suffering in Chicago is of a kind
which women could best understand and best
alleviate. They not only apply aid with
a tenderer hand, but are usually more
‘rational and practical in their charities
than men, from their habit of dealing
with the inside machinery of life. If tHe
women throughout the country would
devote themselves to the work, we be.
lieve that the immediate suffering in Chicago
could be relieved in a fortnight’s time. Every
town and Village ean contribute its quota of
help. It should be remembered that food
should be of a Xind which will not suffer in
trop portation; that one package of ready.
mde clothes—even if half-worn—beds. beds
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 187L
ding, and houschold ware, are of far greater
present value than double the amount of raw
material to people who have neither time te
‘make it up nor a roof to shelter them
‘while doing it. Tools also will be needed for
mechanics, who will doubtless soon have work
‘in Chicago when she has breath to recuperato.
‘Such aids as these proved effectual in the case
of the suffering Shenandoah Valley, when sent
from this City last Winter. Aid of any kind,
to be effective, should not only be systematic
but given with discretion. Agents who are
trustworthy can easily be discovered by means
of church and charitable organizations, and
contributions should only be sent to such.
The appointment of two or three such men or
women for the emergency by the churches or
societies would do much to facilitate and ren
der effective the efforts throughout the coun
try. No more urgent work in God's service,
it appears to us, is now before them. The
spestacle of a great city causelessly in ashes,
the paralyms of wholesome and honest energy,
the vast aggregate of inexplicable human suf
fering, is a sight which would make a reason
able man doubt the omnipotence of an all-loving
God, if benepth if there wero pot, as we firmly
believe, some all-wiso purpose of ultimate
benefit, some development of that eternal
progress toward higher good than is to be
found in capital, in prosperous business, or
even in happy homes. Some hint of that
good has been shown in the prompt, warm
sympathy which has roused the whole
country to helpful action toward the un
happy city. Let us look to it that this sym
pathy does not die out, in even the poorest
village, in wordy pity, but tvrns to rational,
practical aid, as wholesome im ita effect on
those who give as on those who will receive.
REPUBLICAN UNION IN OUR CITY.
The Sun diffuses darkness among iis reaacrs
as follows
HORACE GREELRY'S OFFER TO COMPROMISE REJRCTED.
The Republican State Committee met in secret session in the Fifth
Avenue Hotel yester lay to devise means for a reorganization of the party
in this city. After a long debate it was st length agreed to send for the
Ion. Horace Greeley and roquest him to make some proposition of com.
promise upon which the present dificulties might be settled. Accordingly,
mesenger was dispatched for the great Parmer of Chappaqua, and the
{iro soon made their appearance before the Committee. Dr. Greeley was
rin in the righteousuess of his own party's cause, but, yielding to the
earnest entreaties of the Committee, he consented to advance the follow
ing proposition for reconciliation: That each wing of the party should
choose one man as umpire that these two should choose a third, who shonld
not 8s final referee; and that whatever this latter's decision should be,
both parties were to abide by it. The Committee took this proposition
urd r consideration, and after mueh discussion rejected it. Dr. Greeley
would vield nothing further, and, putting on his black felt hat, quit the
Comittee room iu sorrow if uot in anger.
—As the above is calenlated to discourage
the Republicans of the rural districts with a
prospect. of interminable dissension in this
City, we deem it important to set forth the
facts which it misrepresents:
On Saturday evening last, the ITon. A. B.
Cornell called by appointment on Mi. Greeley
at the Union League Club, and held an en
tirely amicable conference with regard to our
City organization. Directly after that confer
ence, Mr. Greeley received the following letter:
Coxmirren Rooxs, Fiern Avevur Hotei,
New-York, Oct. 7, 1871,
Hon. Horace (irrarey, Chairman Union Republican General Com.
mitter,
Dean Sir: The State Committes at its moeting on the 34 inst. adopted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Exeentive Committee he and they are herebr an
thorized to consider and report any action which they may deem necessary
or sdvisahle to carry out in the most liberal manner the resolutions of the
State Convention relative to the perfestion and consol ation of the As
sewbly Distinct Republican Associations in the City of New-York."
For the purpose of considering this sabjoct, permit me to invita you to
meet the Bxecative Committee at its room at the Fifth Aveuue Hotel on
Tuesday next at 44 p. m. Very respectfully yours,
Axio B. Corwrry, Chairman,

—In obedience to that invitation, Mr. Greeley
called on the Republican State Exeentive Com
mittee at the time and place designated, and,
being asked to make suggestions looking to
the end in view, proffered these:
I. Let the State Committee direct the Chair
men of the two Republican General Commit
tees hitherto existing in this City to sclect each
an Inspector for each Assembly District: the
two Inspectors to agree on an Umpire for such
district.
II. Let these Inspectors and Umpire proceed
to consolidate the two Republican Assembly
District associations, by entering in a new en
rollment the name of every Republican mem
ber of either organization—the Umpire to de
cide upon any name whereon the two In
spectors shall not agree.
III. The new enrollment shall not be closed
till after our ensuing State Election—every
elector who at that election votes the Repub
lican State ticket being entitled to a place on
said enrollment on proof that he so voted.
1V. The new enrollment being thus perfected,
the Inspectors and Umpire of each Assembly
District shall, at such time as the State Com
mittee may direct, proceed to hold an election
for a new Republican General Committee and
District Committees for the year 1872—the per
sons duly certified as elected by a majority of
said Inspectors and Umpire to be prima facie
entitled to those positions, subject to contest
as usual.
—The above proposition being ratified and
enforced by the State Committee, Mr. Greeley
said he felt warranted in assuring its mem
bers that, on all questions of county or local
nominations, &ec., for the State Election now
at hand, the Union Republican General Com
mittee and its adherents would follow the
direction of the State Committee, whether any
person adhering to our organization were
nominated or not. We asked only to be ac
corded an equal voice, in proportion to our
numbers, in the counsels of the party for the
future.
—Some colloquial discussion followed, mainly
in the way of suggesting and considering
practical difficulties, Having done all that was
required ¢f him by Mr. Cornell's letter of in
vitation, Mr. Greeley took leave, neither in
“gorrow” mor in “anger,” but in full faith
that his proposition would, in substance if not
in form, be accepted. Of course, it has not
‘been “rejected,” since the State Committee
has not since been in session, and will not be
till Tuesday next, when it will doubtless be
‘duly and courteously considered.
THE NEW LEAD OF THE RING GAMESTERS
In spite of the fact that the proceedings
against Controller Connolly, which are to come
up in the Supreme Court to-day, are instituted
in the name of Judge Hilton as Treasurer of
the Department of Public Parks, there is
reason to regard it a movement—and a skill
ful one—of the Ring to regain possession of
the finance department. The Judge may not
intend this ;—but others certainly do. We are
assured that if this fails, as it ought, they are
prepared to take mere desperate steps to secure
the end they aim at. And that is a consequence
which it is the duty of every honest citizen
to oppose, and of every impartial, unbribed
judge to prevent. We have no wish to see
Richard B. Connolly, whom we believe to be
just as corrupt as his former fellows, con
tinued in the Contreller's office any longer
than is prudent but it amounts to just this:
that if be is put out, Deputy-Controller
Green in expelled with him. And that we are
uot prepared for,

There are a groat many reasons why the

a
Ring wants to be supreme again in the Con
troller's office. It contains the damning ovi
dence of their great orimes. There is proof
there of all that has been charged against
them of extravagance and fraud, and proofs,
too, we are told, of forgeries which are simply
appalling in amount and desperate in charac
ter. With the Ring once again in possession
of the office, these proofs would disappear
more swiftly and more surely than did “those
which Haggerty was set to destroy. Further
than all this, the Ring would onco more be
free to continue the robberies which were
possible when it was united and in complete
possession of the finances, and that contin
gency an outraged and swindled public can
not contemplate with patience or serenity.
The proceedings against Connolly have no
other purpose than the expulsion of Andrew
I. Green from the Deputy Controllership.
It is not too much to say that at this time
this would be a serious calamity to Now-York.
Mr. Green is the only prominent City official
in chargo of any department in whom the
people now have implicit confidence. They
aro as fully satisfied with the arrangement
which placed Mr. Green in supreme control
of the finances as they can be expegted
to bo with any compromise while Con
nolly remains in office. It is the mis
fortune of the Reform movement that it has
to carry the heavy burden of Connolly, and of
Mr. Green that he is of necessity associated
with a man who has so flagrantly abused the
public confidence reposed in him. But for the
present this is inevitable, and Connolly must
be sustained in Lis place against the Ring by
publio sentiment, in order that the one honest
financial officer of the City shall remain to
guard the public funds. Whatever the result
of the proceedings against Connolly, publio
sentiment on the retention of Green in his
place should be so positively and unequivocally
exprossed that the Ring will not dare to re
move him.
100 rar.
The N. Y. Times has a way of its own, with
which we care not to interfere so long as it
refrains from positive untruth. When it
nakedly asserts that Tne TRIBUNE i8 an ally
of the Tammany Ring, we are moved only to
silent contempt. Dut when, withholding our
perverted language from its readers, it asserts
that we have pronounced “a verdict of ac
“quittal” of Mayor Hall, it impels us to ox
pose the calumny by simply repeating verba
tim the statement it thus falsifies—as follows:
1, That Oakey Hall has embezzled ‘be public money and converted it
to bis own use, is not yet proved, though the testimony of Mr. Jobo
Foley (1 Democrat aud late Bapervisor) bears hard against bim. As,
however, I do not understand Mr. Foley to assert that he has personal
knowledge of the division among the members of ths Board of Audit of
moneys fraadulentiy obtained from the treasary on bogus claims, I must,
forthe present, rogand the charge that Mayor Hall has stolen millions
from the City, and converted them to bis own nse, as Not Proven.
“But that be has ealpably sided others to enrich themselves at the
public cest, seems to me clearly established and virtually confessed. He
holds a most responsible and honorable trust, which gives him an
effective veto on reckless disbursements of the City's funds. His official
approval ia requisite io any disbursement at all. Of coarse, he cannot
wateh against every little 1:ak, and scrutinise suspiclously every laborers
or stableman’s bill for services rendered. But whea bills of $20,0%,
$50,000, $100,000, and over, are rained opon him fn quick succession
for plastering, plumbing, furnishing and carpentering. a single edifice,
until they amount In the aggregate to a sufficiency to build and furnish
that edifice thrice over, I cannot doubt that it was his plain duty to call a
balt: to make inquiry; to send a trusty subordinate to investigate and
report, before giving the requisite approval It seems to me plain tat
willions have been abstracted from the City treasary which must have
been still there if Maror Hall bad done his simple official daty, That be
faled even to attempt this, his ewn letter and other manifestoes une
quivocally show. Without, therefore, going lato the question of bis
motive or object, it seems to me clear that Mayor Hall has so wofally,
disastrously, betrayed his trust, that Le ought at once to resign or be
ejected from office.”
—That is what The Times calls “a verdict of
“acquittal.” Would it have ventured so to
characterize it had our statement been placed
before its readers 1
Once for all: We do not know that Oakey
Hall has personally pocketed any part of the
vast sums he has aided otkers to filch
from the City treasury. He may have
done so; he may not: we shall probably
know when all attainable facts shall have
been judicially developed. We choose, for
the present, to judge him in the light
of facts which either he has admitted
or the testimony of others has placed beyond
question and these are sufficient, not to acquit,
but to condemn him as a flagrant betrayer of
a high public trust. The Millions added to our
City Debt under the pretense of paying for
Materials, or for Plastering, Plumbing, Fur
nishing, &ec., the new Court-House and the
Armorieg, could not have been obtained with
out his official approval of the bills, Those
bills were themselves prima facie proof of gigan
tic larceny—no one could have really supposed
that they were fair and honest. Now, whether
the Mayor did or did not have his “rake”
out of the proceeds, as it is plausibly insisted
that he did, is not essential to his condemna
tion. His culpability would of course be ag
gravated by proof that he thus depleted the
treasury for his own personal profit; but his
case is black enough without. We say again
that he is condemned by his own showing,
and should at once resign or be ousted.
Mr. Sweeny's case is very different. ITe has
never been Mayor, nor Controller, nor Super
visor, nor a member of the last “Board of
“Audit,” whereby the treasury suffered so se
verely. Until within the last few weeks, ho
has held no position which gave him a con
trol over the aggregate of our City’s disburse
ments and we hear no objection to his con
duct as a member of the Board of Control
created last Spring. Before answering The
Star's inquiries, we sought the counsel of one
prominent in the Committee of Seventy, ask
ing him if any facts had been elicited by that
Committee, or any section of it, which impli
cated Mr, Sweeny in peculation. He unhesi
tatingly answered that there were none.
Still, Mr. Sweeny may be a thief. If he
shall ever be proved so, we shall not hesitate
80 to characterize him, Until then, we hesi
tate. And, since we wish to carry our read
ers with us when we move, we shall endeavor
180 to act meantime that the public will accord
weight to our judgment.
The facts that cannot plausibly be denied
are of the gravest. Millions have been ab
stracted from our City’s treasury by forgery
and fraud. They could not have been so taken
without the aid or connivance of some of our
highest functionaries. They who were hon
ored and trusted and lavishly paid to gnard
the public from robbery have shamefully be
trayed their trust. No other embezzlement of

“equal magnitude was ever known. It is vitally
important that thé criminals should be cou
victed and their plunder, so far as possible,
recovered. To this end, it seems to us imper
‘ative that wild, blind, indiscriminate inculpa
tions should be avoided, and that Democrats
should realize that we are intent, not on dam
aging their party, but on bringing erime home
to the gnilty and punishing those who have
deserved it. For instant effect, The Times's
method may seem preferable to ours; but we
appeal to time.
b
Mr. Sweeny is our life-long politica antag
onist. Wo differ widely on almost every ques
tion, and are not likely ever to agree. We
never voted, and probably never shall vote,
the same tickets We Lave from time to time

TIE) IV AV
criticised his acts very freely, as we shall
doubtless have occasion to do again. We re
gard him as by no means blameless in City
matters, especially in the lease to the City of
premises for an Armory at a rent which seems
exorbitant. Ile is [a very able man, whose
talents, we think, have not been put to
their best use. He has held most respon
gible positions Corporation Counsel, Cham
berlain, &c.—and is now in the Park Com
mission and the Board of Control. He has
appeared to us as a man of too towering a
spirit to be the confederate of a gang of vul
gar though gigantic forgers, swindlers and
peculators. We believe he was not a member
of any of the Boards through whose con
venient interposition the City has been so out
rageously plundered. If facts shall yet be
developed proving him other than we have
gupposed him, we shall not hesitate to amend
our judgment and proclaim the change. Until
then, we cheerfully resign to The Times all the
advantage it may reap from its tempestuous
course. We have not seen fit to urge our citi
zens not to pay their taxes, We have not sug
gested a repudiation of our City Debt. We have
neither fomented a riot nor boasted our ability
to incite one. We have aimed throughout to
bo candid, discriminating, just. If there be
those who can therefore be induced to believe
that wo do not want the robbers of our City
brought to justi, we must try to bear up
against their migjudgment.
And now a parting word to Mayor Hall,
which we are sure he will take to heart.
Mr. Hall you are the offieial head and chief
magistrate of this great City. In theory, if
not in fact, the Controller, Commissioner of
Public Works, District Attorney, Corporation
(Counsel, &c., are your subordinates, bound to
start at your bidding on the track of any one
who has wronged or defrauded the People
whoso first servant you are. Now, no man
denies—you do not doubt—that this City has
been robbed on a scale more gigantic than the
world had ever before known. Of course, she
could not have been so robbed if there had not
been robbers—some of them holding very high
if not her highest trusts. Now, we put out of sight
our own convictions as to the persons by whom
and for whom these robberies were effected,
and ask you to answer to the City and the
world this question—* What have you done,
“what are You doing, to recover the Cily's
stolen millions, and lo arrest, convict, and
nunish the thieves 7”
4 TOUCHING SPECTACLE.
It is true as ever that one touch of nature
makes the whole world kin. The natural feel
ings of all Christendon have been touched by
the unvoiced wo of Chicago, and while the
ashes are as yet glowing with the fires of her
destruction, words of encouragement and means
of subsistence and renewal of the active
business life of yore are speeding thither
from every point of the compass. Not America
alone, but Europe is moved by the spectacle
of a city smitten to the ground by fire; and
two continents unite in deeds of generosity
and messages of sympathy for the burned
city—so wonderful and buoyant in its life
and so sorely stricken by a calamity which
razes, but does not destroy. It is surely a
spectacle to move the admiration of mankind.
Knit together by the electric wires, the whole
civilized world, however divided by oceans
and rivers, fecls as with a single throb
the distresses which afilict the City
of North-Western America, and, as the in
domitable citizens of Chicago brush away the
hot embers of their ruined homes, money,
provisions, and other forms of relief come
pouring in, accompanied with the
generous emotions of which  human
ity may well be proud. Already,
the contributions for the relief of the dis
tressed probably amount to two millions, and
the noble work is hardly begun. Boston,
Philadelphia, Washington, and Buffalo
give over one Lundred thousand dollars
cach; New-York and Brooklyn's contribu
tion to the fund will be over half a
million, and from Maine to California we
hear of subscriptions the liberality of which
honor the citizens of the Republic. Canada
has sent twenty thousand dollars, and the
merchants and bankers of Great Dritain are
making ready their freewill offerings of gold
and goods. The magnitude of this generous
work and the spontaneity of the timely giving
fitly symbolize the community of interest and
feeling which now bind the human family to
gether,
Ample as are these offerings, there is some
small danger that the lavish promptness with
which the country has responded to the call
for help may divert attention from the mag
nitude of the exigency. Nearly one hundred
thousand people are houseless, destitute of
food or the mcans of preparing it; with the
Winter advancing, and no prospect of work
for many months, their case is desperate,
and no mere impulsive gush of charity
can avail them except for a temporary pur
pose. To relieve for to-day is well; but we
must not forget that their distress and privation
have just begun. To feed, shelter, and clothe
these suffering thousands without waste or
misapplication will require all that executive
capacity which the Chicago people eminently
possess. But no one need fear that the relief so
generously poured out will not be judiciously
distributed. Difficult as must be the organiza
tion of a force to superintend and move the
machinery to be called into operation, we know
enough of keen, practical Chicago to confide
to the hands of its business men all the gifts
which they are to receive in trust for the
whole suffering people.
The almost unprecedented disaster at Chicago
will, for a time at least, allay the feuds which have
done the rival cities of the West no credit; and a
proof that these hostilities were not altogether im
placable is afforded by the creditable fact that Cin
cinnati and St. Louis have been among the foremost
and most liberal in coming to the assistance of their
municipal sistor, We all see now somewhat more
clearly that the commercial interests of one great
city are identical with those of its supposed rivals in
trade; and we have still another proof of the gene
rous and sympathizing character of the American
people, and oi the fraternal feeling which really
unites them.
Fire, the good servant, is indeed a terrible master.
We have before us The Chicago Tribune printed on
Saturday, the 7th inst. It publishes, as matter of
news, notices of fires in San Francisco, (loss eight
lives and $10,000); in Dixon, IlL., ($20,000) in Pekin,
Ill; in Fenton, Mich.; in Edgefield, Tenn, ($25,000)
in New Albany, Ind.; in Crockett, Texas, ($30,000);
in Sagetown, 111. with some account of the burning
of*a freight train running from Chicago to Detroit;
and also of the burning of the Fitchburg Railroad
depot in Charlestown, Mass. But all these minor
calamities are trifles in comparison with that which
has now overtaken Chicago itself. The very news
paper which collated these items is itself suspended
by fire,
The officers of the Life Insurance (Companies
of this ofty will meet at noon today, at tho rooms of the
Equitable Life Assurance Hoo fet) No. 120 Bromlwuy, to
concort 1easu os of Tolle for CLiCwIn
desired to express their hearty Sympathy with the peopte
of Chicago In their sufferings, and to devise means te
collect funds for their relief. The meeting was called to
order by Alderman Richardson. Alderman Borgen of.
fered the following, which was read amid applause ang
adopted

Whereas, The City of Chicago has heen vised
widespread and devastating in its effects as inafew bdo
converdon of ita fine public buildings and churches, its geal warshousag
and comfortable residences into a heap of ashes and smoking ruing, in
word. in the alinost entire destruction of tha: recently great and 4
ons city, and in turning ont of their homes shelterisss from Re Ir:
Sachs of He weatle), usd i» 8078 want of ven the alwolate Deconsi tay of
more than one thousand of its late)
DE Robt fete. Pte a oes
solved, That ag American citizens, prond of the
ity of all sections of the country, we deeply deplore on 1 oho. po ret
ity the destruction of the splendid me ropofis "4 the great North-Weat of
tire Union; bat, above sll, we heartily though sorrowfally recognise in ["Y
distreas and suferinz which have su idenly fallen upon’ its people an
peal to our highest sympathies as fellow men and citizens to 14
which promptly in action, aud efficient exertions for their roluel wre
gard it a solemn daty,
Resolved, Thot leaving it to tha we Lknows indomitable and meen.
quurable energy and courage of the citisens of Chicago to speadily
build their fair city, and raise it again from the ashes py
tions than ever, the citizens of Brooklyn will freely o ibersll
tribute to the extent of their means to the alleviation of the deprivabes
and suffering now so heavily pressing npon them,
Resolved, That, as the wants of the sufferers at Chicago require imme.
diate relief, the more efiectaally and systematically to secure and
efficient action. a committer of five citizens of exch Ward be wrlacted.
npon whom shall he devolved th responsibility of soliciting and on lieet
ing contnbutions from the people of their respec:ive Wards, sad eg
the pastors of the various churches in the city be respectfully requested
Jovige upon their congregations on the ensuing Sabbath. or as soon as
may be, having in view the urgency the occasion, the propriety of ding
by their cou!ributions and ¢forts the great ol ject in view.
Reeolred, That all conteibntions received be paid over to His Hosen
ny payor, to Le Ly him paid over to the represcntatives of the safforsns
st Chicaro.
Dr. Fruneis Vinton, Joshua Van Cott, and the Rev. J.
Hyatt Smith, wade addresses, and contributions were
“made amounting to $13,000,
NEARLY $20,000 CONTRIBUTED BY DRY GOODS
MEN.
Jacob Wendell of the sub-Committce of One
Hundred, appointed by the Cham!er of Commercs, te
solicit funds from the dry goods trade for the relief of
the sufferers at Chicago, reports the following subscrip
tions received yesterday afternoon
Woodward, Lawrence Co, $1,000 Deuny, Poor Co......... 1,008
Eldridge, Dunbam Co..... 1,000 George H. Jones........... 108
Whittemore, Peet, Post Mathew, Day Cocvuvives 1
Co.iiiiiiiiiiinnnianiass 1.000 Aldrich, Idelings Clifton, 1)
Anthony Hall............ 250 H.C, Langley &Ce........ 1,00
Paton Co...ovvvinnnnnans 1,000 John D, Kostar, (cartmaa). a
Hoyt, Sprague Co....... 3,000/D. H. M. Arvold Co... Ne
Pomeroy Dy vevess  1LO0W|E, C. Pendleton and Ben)
Halsted, Halves Co...... 1.000; K. Thomas, Abb purianis
P. Vaa Volkenburgn Co. 1.000; warehouse of J. 5. KR
(Cochran, McLean Co... 14 Wright Ov, evvrvsvsees: 48
Tey, Griswold Kellogg... 1.00) Total......onuvesee.. $19.49
a large meeting of citizens took at the City Hall,
Jersey City, last Bib Chancellor Zabriskie presided,
and Mayor O'Neill headed a subscription list with $560.
The contributions amounted to $7,286. Immediately aftee
adjournment the Board of Finance held a meeting, and
authorized the issue of $25,000 in Chicago Relief bonda
The banks have agreed to advance the mouey on thess
bonds, trusting to the Legislature to legalize the issue.
The contributons will be forwarded this moriiag,
Many of the churches of Queens and Suflolk Counties
have given notice through their local papers that on
Sunday next collections will be taken up for the Chicage
sufferers.
The Drng Exchange Committee has collected
$12,068 for the Chicago sufferers,
The Guardian Mutual Life Insurance Co. has
sent $1,000 to the Mayor of Chicago.
The New-York Turnverein voted $500 foe
their suffering bretlren in Clucago.
The wholesale coal dealers held a meeting
in Trinity Building, and subscribed $4,300.
Julian Allen has forwarded 1,600 rations of
erbsyleischwurst, or German ariay sausage.
Superintendent Kelso has issued an ordee
authorizing contributions from the police force.
The total contributions in New-York aad
Brooklyu awount to about $600,000.
The Adams Express Company will forward,
free of charge, all coutributions for the Chicago sufferems.
Members of the Gold Exchange have sub
scribed about $5,000 in addition to the $6,000 coutributed
out of the funds.
Typographical Union No. 6 forwarded $2,000,
and will tax each member $1 Ww wake good the appropei
ation.
The Fire Department has sent three steam
fire engines 10 Chicago, by request of tue Cuief Engineer
of that city.
The Great American Tea Company will de
vote the profits of all its 14 stores next saturday, Oot. 14
to the Chicago relief fund.
Christ Chureh, in Fifth-ave., will devote thé
offerings of next sunday morning aud evening to the re
licf of the Chicago sufferers.
Robert Bonner contributes $10,000 toward
relieving sufferers who are in any way conuected with
the newspaper or news busiuess.
J. C. C. Reynolds has gone to Chicago as
agent of the Importers’ and Grocers’ Board of [rade,
with power to draw for $20,000 at sight.
Heyman Mack of Hudson-st. have for
warded 150 mattresses, 150 bolsters, and 500 pillows. Tuele
ewployés have coutributed 100 comforters.
All employés of the wholesale grocers and
jobbers are invited to attend a relief meeting,at 3 p, m. Wo
day, at the rooms of the Grocers’ Board of Trade,
Brooklyn contributed, yesterday, $2,541, in
cluding $1,200 subscribed by the M rehants’ and Traders’
Ex elraties Collections will be takou ap in the churches
on Suuday.
The hat, straw goods, millinery, hat furnish
ing, flower and feather manufacturers aud jobbers of this
sity have contributed $23,000 to be distributed among the
sufferers in Chicago.
The Common Council of Elizabeth, N. J,
has appropriated $1,000; the First National Bank has given
$200, and Christ Church will iuake morniug aud cveulng
offerings next Sunday.
All theaters and other places of amusement
in this city, giving benefits for the Chicago sutlerers, can
have their tickets printed free at Moore's priuting office,!
uorth-west corner of Bleecker-st, and Broadway.
Benjamin F. Carver, formerly a broker in
Cnicago, and now a successful operator in Broad-st,
raised $100,000 for the relief of some of his old friends to
Chicago and started with it last night for that city.
The hardware merchants met yesterday, and
subscribed $5,025 in aid of the Chicago suflerers, and ap
pointed a Committee of five to solicit further contribu
tions from hardware men, The Russell Erwin Mana
facturing Company and Sargent Co. subscribed $1,000
each,
The managers of the American Institute
Fair at a meeting held yesterday decided to devote the
cross receipts of the exhibition at the Rink, to-morrow,
oy and evening. Exhibitors and the members of the
press only will be admitted on that occasion on compl
Inentury tickets now out. The employés have all oon
tributed one day’s salary, and some of them a largee
sum for the same purpose. The Board of Managers will
also make liberal contributions, It is hoped to make
the receipts larger on this occasion than were ever takea
on any single day before,
A meetingof the principal managers of theatri
cal, operatic, minstrel, and music halls, was held at Booth’s
Theater Yesterday afternoon, to devise ways and means
for raising a fund to be forwarded to Chicago for the re
lief of those who have been deprived of house and home,
The following establishments were represented: Booth 5
Theater, the Doli Ballad Concert Co., Niblu's, Bryant's,
San Francisco Minstrels, Daly’s Fifth Avoue Theater,
Grand Opera-House, Bowery, Union-square, Tony Pae
tor’s, and Lina Edwin’s. Resolutions were pussed to give
various performances during the coming week at all the
above 4 wy and to ask the coiperation of those who
were not represented, or who had already announced en
tertainments. These will culminate in a grand entertain:
ment on Friday week at the Academy of Musio. Mise
Cushman, Edwin Booth, the members of Mr. Dolby’s
troupe, and wany other of the best artists, will lend tuelr
ald.
CHEERING REPORTS.
Chicago men now in New-York give the fol
lowing encouraging statemeats, contrary to previous sd
vices: The Chicago Newspaper Uulon’s printing estab
lishment, corner of West Randolph and Jeff rson-sts.,
was saved. They have four [Toe presses, and Lave send
for threejmore. Their new building adjoining the office of
The Prairie Farmer and opposite the Fost-Office, jad
ready for occupation, was burned. A German bank,
north-west corner of Jeflurson and West Randolph-sts.,
was saved. Geo. H. Laflin’s house, Wabash-ave., was
not burned, although wooden building sad in the
burned district.
The latest Chicago newspaper received
TrE TRIBUNE office 1s single-sheet “Extra” of Th
Evening Journal, ten inches long by six wide. It is
dated Monday, Oct. 9, and contains nothing that we have
not already furnished our readers, The Journal an
nounces that a portion of their subscription books have
been saved, and expresses a hope that it will be able te
ene its regular issue before many days.


Mr. Chief-Justice Chase, who has been
ln.
“spending a few days at the country residence of bis
daughter, Mrs. Wm. 8, Hoyt, near this city, returned
yesterday to Washington with Mra. Senator Sprague, io
tending fo take his scat on the Bench at the opening of
the Supreme Court, The Chief-Justice, during is shor
stay, has received the visits of mauy of. his 0 friends,

who agree in thinking him now apparently in beste
neslth than before his attack of a year ago.
At a large meeting of the members of the
Rev. W. R. Alger’s Soelety, in the Music Hall, Boston, 08
Sunday morning, the Chalrman of thelr Standing Cos
mittee gave many anxious parishioners end friends all
the trustworthy intelligence yet received concerning the
‘health of their absent pastor. The truth seems to be 84
vainful as the rumors preceding it. Congestion of the
brain was the malady to which Mr. Alger at first sac
cumbed; and this has had the disastrous result, already
mentioned as feared by Dr. Brown-Sequard, of pringing
on nn incurable mental Jj. Mrs, Alger will no K
to Lurope as at first reported, for compotont nursod
to bile ber husband to this country at onoe.
Aaa
be
STRICKEN CHICAGO.
ed
Continaed from Pleat Da oo
ITRIFY CITY RAISES R25 000.
Coo. cameo CHICAGO NEWSPAPER.
PERSONAL.