2
the latter of cefel to cart in rostrictiona in the lease,
which Mor oo prone d to onve aooditied, He sub es
quently ivocint Sue attorneys codanombers of tie Ex
eentive Co nite thai be phd preetred the reqorived
modificatio by toe Loans tie Ooen Board of Probe


and that the lease was =f Coated, exec ed, we
ready for deliver and that A TE) would Live
Lim £2.50 Caren, he woull peowure tne le.
and retraite ball me bevy By the sitdavits, ie anpe rs
that he reecived (LE 32700 od Lo not since retarted
erher with toe! oor tine laoncov,e He was arierwat d
arcested an (voto don bal, ana Jud ce Medann, wWita
dramterest o vi=hip for is th appre as
sorely 0a tae boad, Tee tort Sorhg facts are oi record,
an



CORRUPTION IN BUOOKLAN COUNTS,
RING JUDGES AND ING UPNCES—RKINGS COUNTY
REVERE
RING JUDGES AND, Dir LUE MCR S=—10 {00a CLINT
BEFERES,
The evil example st hy the New-York
Judges his not heen lost upon the Prookly u Judiciary. In
wany places tic working of the Nin is too apparent not
to be noticed, The evidence fs such as to leave no doubt
that unaue iniie ces are brought to be or apon the bench.
In Brooklyn the abuses of the referees system have
yever heen erred so for as fh New-York, althonghithere
is much complaint mong the LrooKlvn lawyers in re
gard to the davorism in the appoating of referees. It
isonly very Lotely, however, that (he matter has been
conducted mm sich a way as toc inse complaint. Some of
the lawyers state that hereafter they wil! carry their
foreclosure cases into the Cy Court, where they can
Lave some voice in the selvction of referees,
Although guidty of favorit sm, tie Brooklyn judges
are nol quite ws autocratic ss then colleaunes in New
York, Tie Baars nn reporter was itormed thai gener
ily ia case, Wherein amoion wis made for a referee,
the parties would be allowed to nike their own
choice, but  wlen they asked for un allowance,
it would hb we nelle and the LL NE world
intimate to than tan? they had ected their own
roterec, and tai was enon. Mtoe won'd permit him,
HOWEVET, to tac The Chote, he wood grant thew an
AaMowan rr. Tac ~ocaent of dieZooanny is coriaduly net
prenterted ho the by ITT Be wing the abzetce
of ine J dge ron the conto, 2 vrominent lawyer
efi his Baile Is vite, thet be wi hed jo have a certian
j ree w! be iad 3 eonted as referee, and waked
IR TTI CLI FO 0 the mtbr to tee Juage. The Gratz
with whon thes had Yeon eft retuen Wl the papers In
FUisom, Wot WL ala ase 1, aad stated to the
LBawy cr, oot Le supposed jie VW tod an adlowonee, and
Ther tore 11 woe tvothiet Yeo hontd be appointed,
i
Chores a yoda oo eomginint anon the lawyers
1 MISC Lose ca Jreali goon Woe or two tavored
Persons, boric orb il diosiothatad anong competent
memh rs ol Le po csson Aloass the awomnt of
Pooley Mi de RET Gs gread axon New-York, still the
fos dont an to apacalivedy arse ataon it, Lawyers
vo Maal avd oe sly Ia the favorite, Gratz ust
ake fare sam arty, Tae above seems to be cou
faed to th cor err, and lan aers who are partica
bor oahoett a cp oteroe of their own cliowee carry their
€oxeR 1000 Fle aly Cours, Whore Heir own wishes are
ale Cos LL
Pose rf ee ahiees are not confined to Brooklyn
alone. A sant doe ago one of the Jadges refused to
STAN an foro non Queens County case, on the
crosnd thar tae lawyer badd chosen his own referee, and
Le comet ered hot sufhcient fatitade, Woen Judge Pratt
fr-1 ender od Lien Sie form of vilice he wus very consid
crate af toe wee of lawyers in these matters; but of
Lote the toree of a bid example seetas to have teen too
sivong tor cin aud hes falling into some of the worst
prociees of tne New York bench, Jolie irom appear
Hoes deny Pal of oppor ies That prevents
Theat evs 4000 hh coming as great and powerful as they
Baan ct Rot 4
1iit rolit te AND THE GAMBLERS.
tl
NOW RAIDS ALE TILANDER'D INEYFECTIVE—AN
IMPLREECT LAW.
The Police Commissioners and Superin
tendent ¥oooo, while they do not deny that the evii of
poh’ ax great as Tne Trisese has represented,
ita tot foi var ons ood and satticient reasons, they
wre power! as fo prepress (Lo Chie! wmong these are the
defective law, and (he unwiliagiess of the District
Attorney to prosociate, and while this state of things
Yasts, it is idle, thes nuant an, to hope that any action of
theiis can exipate the evile Tae provisions of
1 w which anpiy to gaming, while apparently ame
ple to cova any ease that quay arise, are
1eally &0 detective that there is not ouly
Yittle diffienlty iu evading them, but itis almost impossi
Lie to secure as ele cenviciion ugder them, The Com.
tuissioners poi to the Zac that ont of all the ganhlers
arrested within the past 20 years, there have been con
victions in only two cases, One of those eenvicted was
the noted Pat Hestne, who for aany years Kept a mag
yileent “hel on Broadway, and the other case was
that of the proproiors of a keno ame in Croshy-st.,
wentenced to six mont os am the Penitentiary, a few weeks
ago, hy Justice Dodhing nthe Com of Special Sessions,
The law under which the present Polos act was passed
when the Metropolitan Pohes force and distil were
created, and is as folloas:
Ske AL Faas werden of the Metrgrat ion Pee foree, or if rp:
tno ommore hou oh Der oab a ropes on wetting ue ter os or their x gna.
fares to the Re or pt wlent of the Meirapatiiian Pole force that there
are fond crm wf stn tess for believing ony houses, rooms,
OT OF ces WEG toe sald Metrapoiama Polee Distrel to be Kept or
Bed as a compoD rang Bouse colpos FILE Tool, OF Common
Arun prorosen or Bere nay ng tor wagers of money at 45% ume of
cone eo tobe Lept or tsead for ead aud otweens purposes and amuse
pens orthe dpe or sale of lottery tickets or lottery policies
3 hall he dawin' Jor the Ruperntendent of the Metropolitar
Pole to whore tn writing, any momher or mend rs of th
Pouce tone to ee dae ame whe may foniba thar o all prosons the
fond odeading cova the} bot aon oeovis, aid seize all implement
of gxmung or hotter tickets or lottery policies and conver any person se
arrested f Sor mamas strate and Lrg the wrticies <o seiged to the office
of the Prope te Clerk Lo shall be tie duty of the said Saperivtendent o)
the Metropol tas Police force to cause such arresys! persons to he vigor
only faosecited and such articles air d to he deatraved us the onders,
poem aud rauiato ofthe Bear! of Fulice hdl reet,
Tie Corits Lave hold that the wera presence of
gaming pnpoonent is not suffloent to constitute an
offense, unelor he provision of the Taw. Play must be
poder on at the thine of soznee, or afldavits must be
viade hy personas who have loot money in the place or
Jroaces sof Fveu in the latter caso, it is seldom that a
conviction 1s eb ored, and never if the accused has suf
ficient poatica dlvenee to make ls support at election
tomes des yr Seo During the past eight or nine years
tere have boonoat deast 100 gannne houses seized in this
Tho benve raowed from low Keno games
topreteriions fare estashshments, the furniture and
Prato, Viooucost thorsands of dollars, while their
patfans wr nolroal Kings, Coneressinen, merchants,
and pro esas men of the heher grades, Twenty-six
hoo gate ave boon broten apo one nizht by Super
tntendest Koso, Moony ol them restutued play soon after,
pod were aca robe up, each captain being held re
rpotaibie tor foe presence of a Kono game in his Pre
cincte EPs Species of game that could be broken
Vp, beeant-c ita casy to obtinn an entrance into the
c~tablishiine i’ toe number that must play to make
Toe cae Tot craihve provents its wing Kept as pri
wate as taro or roles In near!y every instance the
persons ares cd ware un evwmination, and give bail to
awa wtinal, ond that is the dust that is heard of the
aatier. Th: poy di tee case are either vetamed hy
ae mais te alae who the prisoners are brought,
or they are peeves boded an the olitee of the DistrictAt
torney.
to
Ttisa very d "0 0 motter an fact almost impossible,
for tie pode wor oa cauhug house and cateh the
catmbiers at poor Foe aloo is dlinost invariably given
be tie imetioa oad at ihe street and inner doors an
Toe to duoW tie eeaey of th table to be snatched up
wot sarcted, od tie cheeks or cords to be thrown on
tie tanke bo oa we vo beld them, The mere presence of
A ng vapb acnts an front of a party of men 13 not
ev idenoe sah dito convict them of gaming, It 8 ub-
®ointely necessary that those airesied shall have been
ROE PIN I Tar a ney others they are certain to be
Yohased. Wait is requried, say the Police, 1s the Janie
oa law mo the wee presence of certain wells
Kaown gat apt ments bia toot prima facie evi
deroe taat the Jor assed Ton gating purposes,
oo
Ihe section goood above wakes it the daty of the Ru
permtendo ue of Police to destroy, or cause to be de
siroyved, Jb wonues mbleraents seized by the foree
Oder as coma Lut vnttd a decison has been ren
Aeredina ce Le Jas no niool to destroy the properiy
peczed, and shove do so, be can be hield Retsonally
aoconntable tor the value of the property thus destroyed,
Tire are at paesent du the possession of tie Property
Ciork, at Pode Hoa lgumtess, worry check< to the value
of $15.00 G1 $a, and other gato fimplerents worth
as much mode these are the colle tion of years, and
roveral Fooing are filled  W.th  tuem. ‘The
Foard of Pouce has been peiitionsa on many
occasions to vetinei tas puoperty to the owuers; influen
tia! Democr: te politicians, mending Senators and As
sembivinen, Lave ont then inftacnee to induce the Cop
Jissioners to resorted, but wathont avail. During su
periutendent Ke: nedy's time atten s were made, by
weans of writs of repievig, to compel by process of law
the restoration of the piowrty, but he invariably made
BUSWer, when the wills were served on bin, thet the
property had posed trom Lis possess on and wos in the
stody of tuo broperty Clore Tis Was werely an
anton, for the Property Cork as hy Law ihe custodian
ony of studless a WLC Led Koos, and
the  SBupeninton tent and Bod ol Comuls
soners are therefore leguhiv responsible for the safe
Reeping of the guanine articles seized, because they ca
10 00 reuse be gusidered stoden or auch ued property,
The Police wnthon ities deny thet alang is wn) more
revalent now than it Las heen at any tue during the
vast ten soars, nd rn that of the Legislature wid wane
prick lawn as wis necossaly to atter’y crash val the
evil, they will sev at Sach ld are Luthifully eaccuted,
THE BUILDING DEPARTMENT FRAUDS,
AY IRE LUILGF OF Fhe £7244 Ne.
Sig: The honesty of the Macgregor White
washing Commites’'s report enn be rdged by reading
the following letter, which I wddrvs-« 10 Mr, Matthew
roes, one of tLe wetibers:
Matthew Byrnes, v8q.
Dxam Sim: Daes re to bank yoo fer yop: i 4 «dent course at the
Macy meeting yestorda sa reported dn is sores TRIREYK,
No douin the reason why Messrs Tostiven, Mursh bertos. sud others
wore nob 1neited was because Lhe) R0ow Lon mach of Lue corrupt procuces
of Macgregor departwent. Tle oleet af the Come itive was to ir vent
fuvestigation, and J eta Bape to LUILE 504 G0 tet tend to 410 10 Kuck
process. Mr Macyr:gor dr es we al bnowhedie of Murray aul Lis
dongs. If you will arrange it so that testimony can he introcaces. will
prove bis knowledge of aud oon ection With the exvortions of Arist org
ous Murray, and bin refuse) to pubes re whe bis atienlon was oa.lod 0 1
Cove us the opportunity snd we will ghon that the same corruption has
Leen practiced by the officals of this De sitet se bas bees sows to
e10t bu otier Jepaitiveots of ibe Coy Gove rumeri, Sours,
JOHN Craton. Aveliteet.
No notice wi+ then of this offer, and noue of the per
POLS Wen Lionel vee ask od Lo atiend Le piecing of the
Committee, Ji 1 3 wae Cistnctly rtaded that they
Vere not to be invited. 1 know, of my own knowsedge,
Cat the reac) Lone passed gt the meeluig appolistiag
Low Coli tee, au! The na ure of Loe RIKLOEE, WOEe WHHL
bowen Bl Mix giega’s Lito end der hadi tion,

JU MEATON, Arcuiiect
Aew-}Y wk. woe 14, 1971
POR 1GN MISCELLANY.
THE RELATIONS BETWEEN GLRMANY AND
BRAZIL.
AN I NPEDITION FITTING OUT AT KIEL FOR BRA
Z11~ 11K CAUSE OF THE QUARRLL BETWEEN
res wet’ zy FNM NTIS.
im Nor 20) Correspondence of The Manchester (ua
lian
AR BY RT gma ed gFOT DARE Ad i LSet nd t Vere
ate cnd oo be week the Government inquired of the
Uochverd authorioes at Kiel whether the armonr-plated
¢_ate Vince Frederick Charles, and the corvettes Eliz
abo ond Auousta, wore iin ao condition to he put in
comission mediately, The answer was in the affirin
ative, and, secerding to the Hamburger Correspmdenz,
orders lave been given that those vessels should be got
Coty wath as little delay as possible for an expedition
to brazil Tt would appear from this that the uftray which
took place at Rio Janeiro on the 19th Oct. between several
ob cts of the German corvette Nymphe and the Bra
71 ban police may possibly lead to rather serions compli
tions Inthe course of the debate on the estimates for
the navy Gen, Von Koon observed that Germany could
not do withont a fleet, as diftienities wight arise at any
tone with countries on the other side of the world when
a naval toree world be indispensable for the Eritection
ol German subjects and the Gerwan honor. It 1s now be
Heved that be hed the poesent eontlict. with Brazil in
view when he oddanced this argnment. 1 send you an ac
cotnt of the sthor as contaived mm a letter from a German
corre-pondent, dated RioJaneiro, Oct. 21; only two days,
theme ote, alter it had occurred. Imust, of course, be
emenhered thal the tollowing ian ei porte statement,
Cand w WF bea tte higoiy cotored, but 1 see no reason to
donbt t= truthoan the main:
“A quarrel witch was foread upon the officera of the
Noynhe on Oct, 10 has assumed greater dimensions than
ix Lstdly the Coase with seaport hrawls, It is the subject
of pas=ionate connmeni in all the papers of Rio, is dis
ca ed mall private houses, has produce great exente
went thiougheus the whole German colony, and has
even ven cecasion to congratulations addressed to the
oflicors and crow on die corvette Nvmpheo As the aftair
will probanty lead to farther 1esnlts, I send yon an
deemtate and detaned account of it, based ou my
own anquitios. several days previously three German
tors had been suddenly attacked moa house, and,
as they assert, witiout any provocation, Tho satlors
rst turned tao assadants out of doors, then
detended the hoe aiciat 40 policeimen—a class in
very bad yepute bove—und Knocked down seven of the
pases, but were ot ast obliged to snrrenaer. The sail
oir wore led off to poony bat reported theitsolyves oll
poard the rest momng 1s also stated that se veral
ofticers of toe Avinbe tad heen attacked by a nueher
of policetnen whe bathing, und were only rescued by
toe coetpy of the capiain, The temperature of the ar,
theref vo, wis already rather warm, and what fol
lowed was ped haps only oa act of revenge for the former
attain, On toe even bg of the day before yesterday a
mrashipnian of the Nywphe, who has the character of
err a sensible and brave young man, was quietly
crjoying a glass oi wine with four wartant officers, a
maie, the goroer, a boatswain, snd an engineer,
whom he ud acodeutally met at the Hotel
Central, a respectable restaurant. They talked
Geran, were nol making any noise, or @ving
other nse of offense. several well-dressed men entered
the rooms, and conversed partly in English and partly in
Feenei, One of them went out agam, returned about
ten pinutes afterward, sbamned the door, and, seream
ig oand gesticuating, rshed up to the German sailors,
who at the same moment thought they heard many
volees ontside the door. The Germans listened quietly
to this violent man, who spoke Portuguese, but withont
understanding one word of his declamation. Suddenly
Loose zed tae wlisses of the Germans, poured their con
tent= togetaer, threw the whole over the head of the en
cineer, Riving lim at the same time a box on the ears.
This officer had watched the behavior of the stranger in
silent astomshment up to this time, but now he began to
unde ratand the stato of the case, and knocked his assail
ant dowu,
“The other persons in plain clothes immediately at
tacked the Germans, One of them whistled, the door
wis thrown open, about 20 armed policemen and at least
0 other persons with hte-preservers and knives rushed
in, ard a Bloody fight commenced the same instant. The
thin walking ~ticks of the Germans broke after a few
glows, The mate, in remembranes of former rows, had
providea imselt with a pocket life-preserver; the other
forr defended themselves with the chairs, The boat
awiin, who was nearest the door, succeeded in getting
ont with two of his assailants hanging on to him, rashed
down the stairs, got possession of his sword, and tought
is way tough to the lunding-place, where the
rascals left him, The gunner was attacked first by a
French, but knocked bin down with a chair, which
wis broken to pieces by the blow. Two police officers
and a Lrazihan mayor attacked the wid=hipman, Herr
vou Stuiter penn, Toe Latter snatched a sword from one
of lis assctiants, aud dealt the mojor such a severe
wound on tue toschead tat he fell at once, and if report
sav s trae, Is new dying. After this he wounded both the
policemen bai at last, atter a straggle of nearly half
an hour, tine Gerians were obliged to yield to the supe
rionity of force, The gunner and the engineer were
knocked down and ted away the mate, with his lifepre
server fougit bis way to the door, throwing off his assatl
ants as a boar at bay throws off the does. When he
Fab reached the door hissirength taiied him aod be sank,
noon which the erowd belabored hin wath their sticks
til they contd drag him off io a state of UDCEONSCIONSNess,
Loe midshipuian ai last remained alone, Reveral cuts on
the head wed four stabs on the rizht hand obliged him to
throw away the Braziian sword, but he still continued
to tight like w Hoan with the leg of a ehair, till he sud
deny felt ms arms tall powerless a% bis side. The brave
young fellow then but his bead against the wall in
the coruer ot the roo, and turnea bis back upon the
rubbie. Tie police then contiuned to heat
ie with teeir side-aros until he fell, and was carried
otf to prison. He was confined with the war
vant oficors, and their nuwerous wounds were
dressed. Spe kind Germans succeeded in obtaining
gecess to thew, when it uppearcd that they were all in a
condition to take the sustenauce provided in a basket of
provisions. ‘There is hope, rm iy that none ot their
wounds will prove wortal. Bat bow have they punished
their adversaries! The whole harbor is full of it, and
the newspapers call out wo Heaven. People kuow now in
Rio what German blows are. According to the papers
beside the major, these five Germans have knocked
down 15 avitiaus, and wounded, more or less severely,
six rascals of the police. A priest, who sprang out of
window at the begMuing of tue fray, has broken botl
his legs. The midshipman, von Stutterhbeim, is stated in
the Rio papers to be a nephew of Prince Bismarck. Per
Lips Wis reiationsinp with the Chuncellor is considered
at eaplunation of the cuergetic treatment to wineh he
served his assatlants. In Germany Jettiapa people will
Laugh at our regarding the affair with the wariuih and
price of patriotisig, but here we come into rather closer
contact with the primitive condition of uaity. One
of the inconvenient consequences of this conflict is that
the Nymiphic will wot be avle to procecd so soon on her
voyage."
The above lettor was evidently dispatched too early to
mention the manucr in which the case was rd hy
the Brazilian Court in which it was tried. Ag is now
Known from later accounts, all the Brazilians were ac
quitted, aud only the Germans were condemned, Tt is
this circumstapee in ali probability which has produced
such a very bad eftect in Beri, and will lead to strong
weasures It uecessary. But, however disgraceful the
conduct of the Brazilians may have been, there does not
sect to be any sufficient reason to assume that the whole
question ay not bu peaceably settled by diplomacy.
Phat even a premeditated taveru le carried on
with legs of chairs and life-presorvers, should lead
10 the more serious gatne that is played with 300-pound
shells would be very humiliating bor modern evilization,
Lut the German Government can hardly contemplate
such a wode of settling the difliculty. It probably im
agines that it diplomatists will obtain a more ready
howitug Uf they have very weighty argumencs to fall So
upon. 1learn by this evening's papers that the inguiry of
the Goverment at Kiel reterred to four and not merely
three ships ol war, und that the wooden rooting of the
armor-piated trigate Crown Ponce, now in ordinary at
Kiel, is already beiug removed. Tue same papers also
assert that tLe statement that the order has already
Decl givel to colnnission these ships is premature,
ti
REFORM OF THE BRITISH HOUSE OF LORDS
CRELTORM OLR ik DRITESIH NOC SE OF LORDS,
MEETINGS AT BIRMINGHAM LETTERS FROM
MIMBERS OF PARLIAMENT IN RELATION TO
THE MOVEMENT—3PeECH OF SIR CHARLES
DILKE.
A Conference of Liberals on the Reform of
the British House of Lords began on the 6th wst., at Bir
minghat, under the Fuidoueslol Mr. J. 8. Wright, the
Chuwirtuan of the Birmingham Liberal Association. A
large number of Liberal and Republican societies were
represented, but the attendance of members of Parlia
went was coutined to a few of the most advanced section
of the Liberal party. letters of apology were read from
Messrs, E. A. Leathas, M. P., J. Mundella, M. P., H.
Fawcett, M. P., 1hom..s Hughes, M. P., G. Melly, M, P.,
Jacob Bright, M. P,, und several othe
Mr. E. A. Leatham, M. P., wrote: I donot regard the
hercditary principle as a source of strength to the peers,
but the reverse, Ap assewbly so coustituted ust
@lways contain a great wejority of commonplace minds,
and lhe very pature of the privilege itself—so excep
tional, and therefore precarious, in a free Siate—renders
the pos-essors of it careful how they affrout too deeply
the judgment of the nation. If we were to till the
House with persons ol Counaiiug ability, or
who had served the country with distinction, we
shold confer a diguity upon the peers which they
do Lot now possees, ald tuus euable them to take up
a far wore cowraanding position. They might possibly
then enact the part of the Awerican Bepate over bere,
to the disparacoment avd prejudsce of the representa
tive aud responsible chamber. 1 should be 801Ty 10 sue
the power of selection vested (a any Mmister. There are
Mibusterial backs enough already, and, supposing the
Liberais only were ramed tothe peerage, how long would
their Liberalisin resol the atiwosphere of the placed
But the party of reerstauce would in common fair
Hess eapect that wo equal number should be chosen
tom Fue resut, thereiore, on legislation, would be
vil, THe Tory fe peers would padre off with the Liberal
fe pects, nd the power reman where itnow {8 Ieannot
Ue Than tha the true solution Hes ju a proper detl
Liteon by statute of the power wich consiitutionusl usage
Das proscribed 0 tie peers. The use of a secoud Chan
Ler as to prevent rast and all-considered legislation. If
the continuous veto of the Lords were lHmited to the
auration of one Parliament, you would achieve the dou
bic object witieh you have mm view—ample reconsider:
ton by the country of measures to which the Lords ob
Jucted, aud, wien those icasures were sent up again,
after a Severa; election, an ulthuate trivmph of the calin
and deliberate judgment of the country,
Mr. Mundeila, M. 1, wrote: 1 aw entirely opposed to
the uboltion of the second Chamber, but I conceive the
Liu Bas cole When a greal relormoin, if pot the entire
wholltion of, tae hereditary principle ws desirable,
Mi. Thowas Hughes, M, P., Wrote: Asut present ad
Viced, I win against a stugle Coamber, aud wu favor of al
lowing a lurge poitlon of uny second Chamber to be
chocted by tue members of the present House of Lords.
Miu Jocol Bright, M. P., wrote: IUis out of my power
to be present ot tue Conference ou the subject of the
Hous of Lord=. shall watch with luterest your pro
CCC AULS, don Lust tuat yous discussions will tend to ep
Ip hiten “he publ vu a question which IL Isa pity we
Lave to dows willy, and whlch igs be left undisturbed
the pects Lad uly a moderate share of the Knowledge
and wisdous wulcn beloug to wen of w hum bler class.
Mi. dnxon, who was tae first member of the House of
Comtucns to speuk, de hued at the outset to discuss the
eholition of the Upper House, und aso fd that he
Wished 10 Bay sa illio 26 possi of Lhe peinvadl werits
LC

NEW.YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1871
Of the 10TAS, WI, BS Thal B68 LUT RECN VEU We ts aie fal.
muoh better nor inuch worse than the rest of thelr fol.
Jlow-countrymen. With rogard to the 385 lords who voted
against the abolition of Jassunbe, Mr. Dixon gaked Sup
fosing the Upper Chambor had been elected Instead of
creditary, how many of the 28 lords would have been
sitting in the House at the time? In all probability not
wore than from 60 to 100, The honorable member askod,
further, Had it ever been submitted to the vote of the
country whether it should have an hereditary Legisla
tive Chamber?! Would the House of loras he content
to submit the question to tho vote 1 If 80, he did not say
whit might he the case in the counts y districts, where
householders were recipients of the wounty of these
lords but in large towns, removed from tant personal
and pecuniary influence, he believed ho know in which
way the vote would be given. Mr. Dixon proposed to
give the Lords that which they pow possessed, but which
they very rarely used, u suspensery power, with a limit
ation placed upon it, however. He did not thick mem:
hers of the Upper Hou-o should be appointed by the
Minister of the day, or directly ehosen by the people. A
select committes should be chosen by both parties ti the
House of Cominons to discharge thst duty; and he felt
quite ecrtain that they would not exclude those peers
who possessed fitness for the post and who deaired to
take it. He had no doubt that some of the nobility who
were young and active would prefer to occupy seats in
the Lower Honse, and he wad of opinion that Hherty of
choice should be given them. He moved “That the
hereditary principle of legislation 18 unwise, since it
neither insures wisdom in the individual nor patriotism
in the body, and is unjnst, mitee tt confers upon the elisa
powers which onght to bo exercised only by reprosents
tives of the nation.”
It was then moved by Mr. POHL Mantz, MP, the oniy
other member of Parliament present, “That in a free
country the ultimate decision upon all questions of gov
ernment, or of the polioy of the Btate, must rest with
representatives elected by the people, and that somo
plan should be adopted in the nation to give constitu
tional cfoet to that decision.” He hoped Ye should never
live to sce the countyy governed by a fngle Chamber.
He discussed various proposals of retorm without ap
proving any, and concluded by the observation thet if
the Connmittee co 1d lay before the country a plan
which, without destroying the existing Constitution,
wonld promote harmony between both Houses, they
would deserve the thanks of the country,
Mr. Bradlangh and others supported the resolution,
which was carried, The following resolutions were also
adopted: “That no right to legislate on the affairs of
the nation ought to be conferred in consequence of the
profession of any theological opinions, or of corneetion
with any ecclesiastical estahligiouen:, and thecefors the
legislative power of tae vispop: of dhe English nareh
showdd be abolished That eon dies be appointed
to consider By WHEL eis Lae Tore gol PesulLHons Jig
be carried into effet”
At the public meeting held inthe evening Mr. Auberon
Ierbert was present, end made the fizat speech after the
chairman. Sir Charles hike alo spoke. The nsine of
the wember for Chesca was the signal for a hostile de
monstration which was continued with more or NECCRIE
tensity for nearly half an hour. {No sooner had Sir
Charles opened his mouth than the minority thouted
and roared inthe most frightful wannor. There Were cries
of Turn them out from every part of the roow, and
several disturbers of the peace were summarily ejected.
Again Sir Charles attempted to speak, and again had
to sit down. Standing patiently for some minutes he
awaited a ul, and when there was one he uttered a few
words, which were drowned by the roars of the disaf
fected, and an individual on the platform and another in
the gallery were at once thrust out of the hall by force.
The chairman appealed, but gn vain, for order. Pepper
was sp rinked abent, much to every one's discomfort.”
Sir Charles, in the conrse of his speech, exp ressed the
opinion that the House of Lords had received a most
dangerous accession to the ranks of what might
be called its dangerous members when Lora Cranhorne
heeame Lord Salisbury; and if anybody could provoke a
collision with the Conimons, that was the man. As to
the sugueation of Life poerages, Sir Charles said the
power of ereating them in large numbers wonld be put
ting into the hands of ministers a dangerous power over
the dehiberations of the Lower House. On the other
Lnnd, to create them in small numbers would be no prac.
tical change at all. If the ministers were to pick out, as
Lord Russell did two or threo years ago, names of dis
tinction, such, for instance, as Mr. John Stuart Mill, no
doubt they ight make a case show that
the ereation of life peeragos  wonld improve the
character of tho Upper House. At the same time
it nnght be doubted if sneh men would neeept the posi
tion. Imagine Mr. Mill sitting as Lord Blabkhenth, or
by some other title derived from land. They would bo
sire to have the second rate elorks of second rate offices
thrust into the Honse by the act of the Ministry of the
dav, and they would be looked down upon by their
hereditary colleagues, and Sesiguazed ad short-time con
viets—convicts sentenced for Hfe—“lifers.” Many peo
ple suggested a limitation of the powers of veto pos
cessed hy the Upper House, and he would say that if the
country was net prepared to abolish the hereditary
House, it might mit the questions upon which the
flonse wis allowed toantorfere with the working of the
Jar will. Sir Charles, however, agreed with Mr.
Ierbert in doubting whether it was necessary to
have a second House at all This doubt”
was received with load cheers, Many had anid
that great Conservative Peors, on the abolition of the
House of Lords, would be a dangerous power in the
House of Comions. He lad sufficient faith in the power
of the electors to avert any evils from this canse. The
House of Lords wis check when no check was needed,
and not a check when one waa necessary. Whon there was
a creat wave of enthusiasm the House was useless as a
check, being awept away by the breath of popular snthu
siasm. It was said the Base of Lords was necessary be
cause a majority of the Houro of Commons ro resented
only a unnority of the constituencies. This ly showed
the need for improved representation. If the country
had to choose, he would go for the abolition of the Upper
House but he would sooner have a lunitation of its
powers than the patching up process of life peerages.
Gradual abolition was possible. Whether it was the tins
to work for the abolition or not he was heartily with the
prototers of the wecting. [le was for the old principle
ol government of the people by the people and an the
peopre’s House,
a
FLRINER AGITATION FOR THE MEASTRE—A\ NF
ACL ESSION TO ITS surronre its
FULRIDER AGITATION FOR THE MEAS REF NEW
ACCESSION TO ITS SUPPORTERS
The Howe Bule Association held its quarterly
meting at Dublin on the 64howst. The addition of a
new inember wis hailed with satisfaction. Mr W. Vesey
Fitzgerald, J. P., a gentleman of property and station,
who enjoys considerable popularity, joined the
standard of Home Rule, Hua presence further illustratos
the heterogeneous character of the society, for his theory
of Home Rule differs widely from Mr. Butt's plan, He
advocates the holding of trienmal Parliaments in
Dublin, the ulding of a royal restdonce, and the forma
tion of a committee to revise amd prepare Irish hills, as
suggested by Mr, Pita. He thinks that would be better
than Mr. Butt's scheme, but considers the latter prac:
tical, safc, and foasible,” and therefore supports it,
though he does not consider it the best. In addressing
the weeting, ho said the gue was in its own hands, and,
however some might denounce ITowe Rule, fustallwent
after installment would be given.
Mr. Butt warned Irish constituencies of the danper of
retiring members to Parliament mo whom they could not
place confidence, and warned Irish membera to “look to
it.” He belisved the trinmph of the cause was not far
Qstant, and that the indications of iL Wore evorywhore.
It was not the interest of Ireland fo sock for a separa
tion from England, but it was her interest to
enter into a Aa with England upon terma of
perfectly Snel ty. When he saw that accomplished he
would be o friend of England, He did not say what he
was now, but be believed he was a far better friend than
the conngellor who would tell the Monarch that she could
retain Ireland by crushing it. Ho regarded it us a mira
cle that at the end of 2) oars of broken Treaties and of
the crushing of Irish independence, the Irish people were
willing to say to Englaod, “We are your friends
it you will do us justice’ At the uoxt eleetion
he would be disappointed if Ireland did not return
s0 members pledged to Home Rule, and it would
be then impossible to refuse their demands. He com
ig that they bad not a British Coustitution in lre
and; for if they had they would have the right of carry
ing arms, they would have trial by jury, and liberty of
the Press. He recountod what a Protestant Parliament
bad done for the benetit of Roman Catholies, and char
acterized as absurd any apprehensions of either party
receiving injury from the other. Cuoers were given for
Kelly before the close of the meeting.
cave
The Babb ballots can be charged to Mr. Glad
stone—when they come, and this is the way of it. The
Premier, in voting against Woman Suffrage, gave, among
other reasons, that women generally did not desire the
ballot; whereupon Miz. Charlotte Babb makes hattle, and
declines to puy her taxes until the law is deflaed, and
Mr. Gladstone shall be shown that one woman at least
knows what she wants and how to get it.”
There is #till another pretender to that
French throne which uo wise wan would accept, even if
it were offered to him by the uation unanimeusly., Carl
Gustave Ludwig, journeyman tailor, of Stuttgart, says
that Le is the legitimate sou of the Duke of Reichstadt
and “a Hungariau Countess” to whow the Duke was
privately married. Tbere is sald to be living a witneas
of these nuptials, in the person of a Hungarian officer,
There is a Noy that Prince Metternich apprenticed this
jmpenal child to a tailor in Stuttgart. He has been
before a court at lschl, charged with writing his Jiucely
rank fu his passport, and claiming the name of Prince
Joseph Eugtne Napoleon Bouaparte, for which he was
expelled rom the Saypiey, Long AED there Was Sone
story of a private marriage of the young Napoleon, but
though this may account for the olaim this young tailor
sets ug, it 18 far from establishing it. His like
ness to the Bonaparte family is said to be striking, and
in this he has the advantage of Napoleon I11., who lvoks
wore like a Dutchman than an Italian or Greek.
A correspondent of The Pall Mall Gazette,
writimg from Bt. Petorsburg, says: A high functionary
of the Third Department of the Imperial Chancellery
(secret police department), member of one of the princi
pal aristocratic families of Russia, and an ever-welcore
guest at Court, where, it i8 said, be enjoyed the special
favor of the Emperor himself, is reported to have put
out of the way ten members of is family who stood be
tween him and a legaey of jconsiderabls amount. In or
der to do this be had ouly to use his power as a member
of the secret police. Bome were banished to the mines,
others died suddenly, and no inquiry could tako place,
as the jusictal ofliciuls never veature to question the
proceeding of the Third Department, At longth one of
the heirs to the property who had escaped, disclosed the
whole uffair to Count Schonuvaloff, the head of the De
partment. The Count refused to interfere, upon which
the heir, whois a man of great tufluence at Court, A
Jriled to the Emperor, It is sald that the culprit wil
we tried by a secret tribnnal, and that the persons who
Were banished bave already returned. The whole mat
ter, however, is involved In the strictest secrecy, as sey
cral ui awhers of the high Russian aristociacy wiv stated
to be hwulicawed to ti"
11M: RULE FOR IRELAND
FORKLIGN GOSSIP
THE YORKVILLE POLICE JUSTICESHIP
FIGHT.
AN EXTRAORDINARY METHOD OF COUNTING VOTES
—1IOW COULTER'S FRIENDS TAMI'ERED WILL,
T1H¥ FLECTION RETURNS.
AN EXTRAORDINARY METHOD OF CARESS 0 00
HOW COULTER'S FRIENDS TAMUERED WI,
THE ELECTION RETURNS,
The case of the people er. rel, Murray ah. Coulter,
involving the right to the Police Justiceship in the Yorkville District,
was continuad yestorday before Judge Brady, in Part 11. of the Suprema
Coart. One of the witnesses erswined, Mr Mea ffil, cauvasser in the
VIth District of the Nineteenth Ward, testified that io that District both
Hagh and Henry Murray reecived votes; Hogh received 4 or 6 votes, and
Henry Murray all the rest cast for Marray; witness did not il! in the
re'arna shown him, but merely signed them, they showed
ol votes for Hugh Murr; be believed that W be
inearrect; he was positive 4 that Hngh Murray dil mob re
ceire uwer fone or six votes, Henry received a cozader ible pamber. In
counting the votes, ba aud the other canvassers sgreed to girs the votes
cast for Hugh to Henry Murray They didn’t intend to raturn any votes
for Hugh Murray. A juror asked him why be connted the voles for
Hugh 10 Hoary Murray's favor Well” anid the witness, we agreed
to count Magh Murray's in favor of leary, because flngh had #0 few,
and we thought we would give them all to one Murray [Langhtar.]
Richard Hamlin testificn. At the charter election or 1869 was one of
the canvassers of the Ist District of the Twenty secon! Ward; Mr, Gea
ney wan my associate Conlter recsivad 222 votes, and Murray 227; the
returns were made and sealed and had them 1a my possession; saw
Mr. Coulter the morning after the election, and ne toll me Murray was
flected; be then asked ms w cali for Gedaey and reqnestad that both of
us shouki mest him at tha vestibule of the City Hall;
1 went to got Gedoey sud veat down there
with him, we then weat over to Lover's Hotel, where
were Coulter, Van Brunt, MeCabe, Beier, Qelam and myaelf, Coulter
suggested our going there; we went Gra into the little room bask of the
offices, and remained from tires to five minutes, while a room was pro
preed ap ative; when it was ready we went up; I kad defi one of the
three recurus st Coulter a bouse tuas morning, sui bal ihe other two
wiih me.
Q. What was done after you gob up stairs! A. Conlter tors open the
returns 1 had 1eft for him, and wo then made out two new sete of returns:
Van Lrunt and MeCalo participated merely as spectators, and suggested
what to do: the retarpe we mad differed from the former returns
(J. What was done with the oli returns A. They were burned op in
the grote tire at Loveys s Hote! at that tue
CQ Who burned them fA. They were taaon off 15a table aud thrown
into whe tre 1 don’s remember Low by whon sv them burs, though
CQ Aste what offices were the returns Sif ous tA For the offices of
Police Justice and Civil Justice.
CQ Who directed what changes were to he mail A (aulter gave
gone Lorectiond, and Vaa Brunt some,
What directions were given? A Whan we fire! wort over thera the
intention was to alter the orginal returns, but ster namitation among
themselves they agree! that 18 was best to male out uew retuins ulto
gether aud not alter any.
Q. What were the cuanzea mate bn the return tA. For Police Justice
there were 25 votes added for MM» Coulter, wnt nine cach taken of from
Masterson and Buckborn; thus the rest added were from the scatieriog
voles.
Q. What alterations were male in the returas for Civil Justice? A.
I don't remember what they wor
Q. Were any persons present at any Lime besides those mentioned
A Yes, Sir. two—Mr. Moloney and anottier gentleman; they dide’t come
together; the gentleman whose name I don't Know came first; he said he
ene trom Police Headquarters, Le bad no gniform on, the whole cight
didn't remain all the time, Conlter was away part of the time; Mr. Ged:
pes didn’t remain all the while, but Mr. Beiser did, tiedoey and signed
He arm after they were completed, Mr. Molovey brought the uew
VAnKks.
Q. Did Coulter tear open the returns? A. Yea, Sir, and put them
down on small tables in the room, he didu’s say a ythiog partica arly;
I took them. au! they told me wit to de; Mr Coulter didn't tell me
what business he had with us unti! we got over there, thongh we under
stood 1t pretty well, after we got there, he told us he lacked so many
votes of an elnction; I can’ remember sny mors of the conversation,
Frank McCabe directed how many votes were to be putin; I dou's re:
member bis exact words,
Q Wera the returns mads out by vou, as Prank McoCaba said? A
Yes, Bir; for Police and Civil Justice both
Q After the new relurns were made out, were they sealed up? A.
Yes. Bir. Uoultar took ous Ean with Lim, one Wal wan delivered to
the Clerk of the Common Council, sal suotuer waa taken Lo police head:
Quarters,
A tiourged anti! to-day at 11 o'clock
aS
BROOKLYN ELECTION FRAUDS.
THE SIXTEENTH WARD EJECTMENT CASE—
EX-ASSEMBLYMAN WORTH AND EDWARD I,
TEFIRIVE CONVICTED.
TERRIER CONVICTED.
Ihe case of the People against Jacob Worth, Ed
ward Hl. Terrier Jacob Stark, and Heory Jones, indicted for an alleged
inlation of the Election laws in having ejected Gordon H. Barth, an
luspector of Eieetion, from the polling place of the VIith District, Bix:
teenth Ward, was conclude! vesterday in the City Court of Brooklyn,
criwing! branch. Judge MeCus charged the jury saying ve was no
avidence at all against Jones. and that he must be acquittad that Jacob
stark had uo right whatever to act as Inspector of Election on election
day. wad Gordon MH. Barth hb ul the right; as to the
charge against the other defundants, if the jury, believal an
aaralt and buttery had been committed by Terrier, Stark and Worth
wore also xu:ity, as in misdemeanors of this kind all are principals; but
it Stark had nothing to do with the assault, ba was under no obligation to
(ukeefere. as the law did not make iv compulsory on him; if there was as
sauit and batters at the suguativg of Worth, he would he equally guilty;
if thers was no assanlt and battery, Worth and Stark bad have to be
acquitted 1t Terrier neglected his lute, or was guilty of corrupt conduct,
he was lable to punishment for a misdemeanor, hat Worth and Stack,
not being ofcers, were not liable under the statute
The juty, uiter an abseuce of one boar, eeadered a verdict finding
E he I Serrier and Jacob Worth guilty as chargad in the indictment,
and Janes Stars not qulity.
Gen. Catlin—As two craues are charged in the indictment, I wonld like
to know wheter the jury finds Terrier and Worth guilty of assault
merely or of saasult and batters, with the intention of preventing Barth
from voting mova (or an arrest of judgment.
The Court granted the motion, and vs the bail of the convicted
persons to be coatinued. The maximum punishment for the crimes of
which they lave heen convicted 1s juapuiewmtians for sx months aud a
Gee of $250 Lut 1s can be wodilied at the discretion of the Court. The
conviction of Worth and Terrier caused intense sxeitameut unony loca!
wali. 1s0us
a
LEE A780 048 hdd de
IMPORTANT DECISION IN BAKRUPTCY.
ANYTOUIMIANLE VMEULIDAV AY Aah sa fas
Upon the following certificate of the Register in
charge of the case of A. Biunger Co., Judge Blatchford Las made
the decision sabjoined:
I, the Sadorsigued ister in charge of the above entitled matter, do
Wereby certify that 3 Rodi 2) of August, 18.0, Thomas D. James made
proof before me of his claim against the said estate in due form of law.
That on she 3d day of April, 171. tie aasignes, by C. W. Bangs, his
attorney, objectad in writing to -aid claim, and filed said obje tion with
we. That on the 2] day AN ver ber a: the said Thomas D. James
volnutarily appeared before we in person, and the asil sasignee. by Mr.
N. Baugs. bis conusel. also voluutarily appeared and stated thal they
tesirad to take proof of said claim, whereupon the aid James was by me
July sworn and proceeded to give testimony; that at the closa of said
testimony, the said Bangs stated that be desired to state 8 qoestion and
Lave it cortifind to the Court He then wrote und signed 8 paper and
handed 14 to the said James, who thereupon, at the request of Mr. Baogs,
signad the same
Aud further certify that in mr jndgment no as or matter” is
raised upon the said papers within the meaning of the 6th saction of the
wot The words point or matter arisicg 10 said section wust be cou
stried so aa to harmouize with the other provisons of the act. [i cannot
be that everything that a Register is required to do can, at the rdquest of
a party, be carried before the Judge. The order of reference in
this case directa the Register “to take such proceedings
therein a8 are required the said act.” The act re
quires the Register, io addition to divers apecfied things,
to at in Chambers and dispatch there such part of the adwinistrative
business of the Coart and such uncontested matters as should be defined
in general rules sod orders, or ss the District Judge shall in any particu:
lar matter direct

Now if. upon the papers harewilh presented, any point or matter is
raised i 4 18 not equally raised by every other act a wp may do,
such point or matter 1s not perceived by me, The proof of debs, filed
the 24 day of August, 1570, established prima face the ght of Mr.
James to be placed ou the list of unsecured creditors for the sum of
$1,120 63, priucipal and interest. The objection to this claim made it
proper. and gave both hiw and the assiguee su opportunity to submit
Per evidence as each might see fit to offer. They have hai tha oppor
tunity, Mr. Junes has hut repeated the testimony which he gave in Lis
deposition of Aug 2, 1870. The 824 fv offers nothing, but asks that
the ‘point or matter raised” certified tu the Judge. How,
then, does the case differ from what it would Lave
heen bad tha assignes or any creditor asked to
Lave the poiot or matter Paised on the Sepinition of Aug. 2 certified,
to the conrt. Except perhaps. that there is [ess reason for such a ceru
fying ap, as the duos ion of Nov, 2 gives the proof more cireumstan
tially aud wore fully than the law scews to require in the deposition of
Aug. 4,
fii is perfectly plain that if this may be require) to be certified. the
Register may be Compelled to certify every deposition of a creditor prov.
ing Lin debt, when asked to do so by an asdense or a creditor. heh
practice it is certain, would not be tolerated by the Court. lis my custom
and 1 believe the custom of most of the Registers throughout the conn.
try, under the decision of this Court ia the case of Orwe 6, lut. Rev.
Rec. p. B4 to examine, upon my own motion, into claims upon wich
ayicun ja thrown either by the assignee or by a ereditor. giving to
either party if not satistied with the con lusion to which 1 ma, come an
opportunity to Lave it certified to the Judge for deewsion. therefore
subunit thal this matter should be remitted to the Iegisier to proceed
$usreon according to law, Respectfully submitted,
J.T. WiLniaus. Register in Bankruptcy,
OPINION OP THR JUDGE.
T am of opinion that the facts set forth in the certificate of the Regis:
er show a case within the provision of the fourth section of the act, tuat,
in all matters where ao issue of fact or of law is raised and contested by
any party to the proceedings bufore a Register, it shall be Lis duty to
cause We quustion or lasue to be stated by the opposing pariies ia writ.
ing. aad be shal! adjourn the same inte Cowrt for decisiun by the
Judge. In the Jfuient case the opposing parties have stated wn writing
the sation or issue. think on She nvidenos that all of the claim of
Mr. James is allowable, except the item of $10 56, «The Clerk will cer
tify this dec wou to the Register, Isaiah T. Williams, ssq.
Nov. 23, 1871 SAnoRrL Brarcarorp, Distriet Judge,
ec
THE MINOR TRIAL—ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE FOR
THE DEFENBE.
At the resumption, yesterday, before Judge Bene
diet, of the trina) of Joshua D. Minor, charged with counterfeiting, Wm,
H. Van Houtea testified:
1 have known Mr. Minor intimately for over 11 years; remember
that on she night of his arrest 1 went to bis house to Bod out about wan
who was hurt ou his works that day; after reached the file [saw Mr.
Minor and Mr. Cole coming out of Minor's house; I walked down the
strest with them; as we were goiug slong, Cole dropped 8 package
which looked like a cigar box, done up in buf paper.
Joun M. Crane, Cashier of the Shoe and Leatber Baak, testified: I
bave Leen caslier of the bank for six years; some Lime 880 two men
callad on me and introdoced themselves as Col. Whitley and Detective
Beatty; Col. Whitley sa:d that Mr. Boasts bad been instrumental {in se
curing a $20 counterfeit plate on our bank, and that it was sometimes
customary to give a reward to an officer who bad worked diligently for
such aa object, be did pot press the matter, however, and soon left;
thou spoke to the President of the bank, asd at Lis suggestion gave
Beatty a reward.
Dauiel W. Pepper testified: The night of Minors arrest I was coming
9 the Boulevard, aud when near Sixty-fourth-st. saw a tall man snd a
sbort man on the corner talking; pretty soos another man came up and
grabbed the short myn, and had a po with Lim; the tal) man walked
off little way, and thes took Sumathing out from under Lis coat and
Wirew it iu the direction of the two men whe were sculling.
Herman Fox testifiea: saw Cole at Minor's house the Sunaay before
Pe latter's arrest; Cole seemed scared when he saw me; Minor told me
‘ole was then out on $10,000 bail; 1 asked Cole what be was arrested
for, but be seemed reluctant to tell; I then asked on what condition he
was 00 bail, and be said on condition that be would get some counterfeit
plates for Col. Whitley; I asked where the plates were, and he took
them oat of his pocket and showed (hem to me; asked him what Mr,
Minor bad to do with these plates, sud he said he wanted bim to deliver
them to Col. Whitley; 1 ated him why be did n't deliver them himself,
aud ba sald it would not be safe for him to do It
Williaa R. Ngirn testified: Lave knows Joshea D. Minor for 18 or 20
years; Mr, Minor's character ha@slways been good as far as I know,
John Miller testified: I have known Mr. Miner since 1853; bave never
beard anything against bi.
Cross-6zamined: When he was resins for the Legislature, two or
three years ago, fos Spruit party said was in some way eagaged in
counterfeiting; Mr. bas lived where be uow Lives for ueariy di?
years,
Col. William P. Wood testified: live in  iadiaptos; I was formerly
Buperintendent of the OM Capital Prison; in 18. was appotuted Chief
of Lhe Secret Nerviee; I know Cole, and have arrested him as 8 counter
foiter; be is known as Big Harry! I have also arrested his wile aud
son for passing counterfeit money, ab arraseement was made between
wislf aud mm that should have the twenty Sve cont currence plate; he
told of a man named Herron, who, be said, had pus up” this job of
arresting his wife and son, and be wasted should make sume charge so
that could arrest this man; bis wife was to tI) me where Bullani was,
#0 that could see him at work; bis headquarters were a: Forty-aloth st.
sud Broadway; be was employed by a Mr. Hinman, ostensilly as a éar
riage painter, hut he did Wt 1A but manufacture counterfeit money; he
owned u quantity of plates. and Cole twid mio thas if would furnish him
with eno igh money be could buy Wem; told him tie Government di toy
furn sl in uey for such purposes, about that time 1 had under arrest an
other conuierielter pamey! Purne, wha told we that Minor an! Uole were
Counceied, and be could ged ai) the plates though them, tos Cd
Cote, and we toll iae, wi'l both "hauds uplifted, (hot M cor doth ng
to do whatever in the case, and if I wanted to get (0 (uri Los ad
Ble could put wo ou the track »0 (bd could get Loy, vuce arrenicd



Ad
THE COURTS.
THE BININGER CASE.
o msn namad Hall, aliag Bltiott, for conntrreiti~g an® Miror went hia
bail, a8 he was bis brother law, understood at that Lm tat M nor
was Wenth ied with counterfeiting, and as thought hie was. from the way
in wheeh he interfcred in the Liail ease, made effayte bo x cnr. Lis srrest
ee

ross-examined: tried to get tbe plates from Bal’ 14 sud rehiet on
Cole to aid me, but be left and did not snerd dl iv keting them, although
1 made s-veral unsnccosafnl attempts; [did not se. iliiman ond never
base seen him; althoakh was satis that he was u eonnterfeiter, I
was not abie to get sufll Tout evidemes to care his arest; Minor was re
gored to have furnisbed Hall with guffieicn, vous 10 secure a share in
Jo $100 compound interest plate; this plate has been captuged and is
now in the custody of the depnrtineat,
ie-dreet: 1 Lenrd of Sinors being a counterfeit r before he
wont bail fur Hall, hat found there wos nothin tas reports
Phillip J. Bonastel tewafiel: Liar: snowy J Am D Niaor for ion
gears, and line uever heard ani ihog against hii, eaoept dats be
came co rity lor a counterfuier unre,
A Acetarinsned
The 10.000 sugar case of the United States ac
Tho 840,000 sugar case of the United States act
Weld Co isto be sulmitted to arbitration. “The arbitrators will be
appointed and the Muse xamined a8 soon as possible,
The Brooklyn Ferry Company was sued by Franees
Miller to recover $500 damages for has ig bad Ler arm broken dune a
soutfle hetweon 8 ferry boat passenger aud a deck-lund. Ver.iet ior
plaintiff, $320.
The Judges of the City Court of Brooklyn have
announced that, beginning with the January ‘Perm, 20 cuuses (rom the
calendar of the mouth will be called each dav. The practices Leretofore
Liss been toe the entire calendar on the first day of the tera, aud set
down cases. The term wil’ open on Jan. 2

CRIMINAL COUNTS.
At the Essex Miket Police Court, Henry Darnet
was comm tied, esterday, for stealing e'otiing worth £100 from tirorgs
Recimoud of No. 11 Best Twentv-recont st. y
In the Criminal branch of the City Court of Brook
lyn. yesterday, Patrick Carr was cons feted of grand lareony and soutenced
ty the Penitentar, for year... Wiliam Allison, tor larceny, diate
Prison, 13 months,
At the Tombs Police Conrt, Justice Horan com
mitted William Jozes and 'Willam MeLonzhlin yesterar, for stealing a
horse avd wagon, valas $450, helonning to Geoge W. Deerer, from in
front of No, 106 Vasey st... Henry Bowers was com itted for stealing
Tl bhattons and scarfs, vue $35, from the store of Solowon Moses st
No. 17 Norton Moo #-st
Mrs. Ellen Riley, who has been in the Raymond-st.
Jail. Brooklyn, for fuur months ander an ind.etment for wanslan her in
the first degree in ving billed her hashand, was tases into Court yesters
dav. and, on pleading cuiity of momslaughter in the fourth degree, Ja ige
McCue sospended sentenee Tie see ord stable ber drasken husband
with shoemaker's kn te while he was beat ng her.
In the Conrt of General Sessions, before Recorder
Hock tt, yaseriar, Joho Anderson, cha sed with felonious waarlt and
hatters upon Daniel Mc Iatire. in Chathun squire, Not, I6, was ace
qaitted John Olson, charged with us.auliing Wilicm Newtson with 4
carpenter's chisel, was wequitted. John Olden. assa: ting John Her
sense with a wnife, State Prison tan years... Freder ck B. Bosman,
grand lare ne and embesrloment, tRo years ...Henry Titfan:, petit la
ceny Pentieutiary six months,
S——
DY CISTONS, —DEC. 21.
Supreme Court Chambers Rv Judge Cardozo.
the matter of the petition of M.A, Stafford er. al.—Orler granted.
The Bow ry savings Bavk age. (iallagher et al— Order granted. Weith
ag, Weith ~Meworauda for counsel, Altemines er ot al ag! Bolton.
Motion must be denied; the default beng, irregular, it shonld be opened
to 1+ in the defense of usury, Bast River Na‘ional Dank ast. Gove,—
Defanlt opened; canse restored to caleguar for January upou defendant
yaying cobs of motion and stipulating to argue. Io the matter of Ellen
B Connolly. —1 think hoth motions shonld be denied, but without costs.
Hanover Nations! Bank agt. Richards. —Ree decision. McAndrew etal,
wn Issacs. —Dofanlt opened on Davineat of $7 costs, judgment to
od 1a security. Kearney agt. Washoe Tool Company Motion granted.
Gilnan agt. Greanpoint Sog ir Company. —Motion denied, withoot costs,
Fairchild sgt. Fairch l.— Motion grouted. Browning agt. Conover.
Motion denied. Tucker agt. Livingston. —A filing consent may he taken,
shaw agt. Durcan.—Motion denied; costs to abide event. Ingersoll sgt.
Roe. —Motion to amend granted, with $10 costs. Billerherg agt.
Schwartz ot al. =See memorada for counsel. Perfield agt, James. —Mo
tion granted. Cocuran sgt. ochran.—Nee muemoran Wu for counsel,
Black rt Wood. —Order settied. Fisher agt. Fisher. —-Juigment
granted,
By Judge Brady. —Orr agt. the Mavor. &e.—Proposed case settled.
Griffiths agt. Schwarz —(Case allowed to he awended. Woolsey agt.
4 oly case settied.
Nuperior Court—Special Term—By Judge Freedman.
—Buel agt. The Tobacce Manufacturers’ Association. —Orler granted.
Boelim ugt. Bubrer.—Oider granted. Graham agt. Mitchell. ~The same.
Feeney agt. O'Brien. —The same. Schaffer agt Tobin, ~The sae. The
Brooklyn Oil Sesmup Co, agt. Brown et al.—The same. Kilinsky ag:
Levy.—The same. Van Pelt agt. The 8, Metallic Spring Boot aud
Shoe Heol Co., et al.—The same, Sberman agt. Owen. —Tue same,
Common Pleas—Special Term.—By Judge Larre
more. —Cranlall agt. Hawkins. —Order settled. Toner agt. Vander'ilt
Motion ig Rosenthal agt. Rehlsen.—Moton to open default
granted. Van Neas agt. Vao Ness.~Motiou granted. J8eomun agt. Mulry.
Motion granted.
By Juige J F. Daly. =Gardner agt. Rowe. —Case settled (see memor
andam for counsel.) Knowlton agt. Brivas. —Ri ference ordered, Hub
bell agt. Lekuyer et al.- Judgment ot foreclosure of bieu aud aliowanee,
COURT CALENDARS -THI® Day.
SUPHRAEEE LUVYAR™TYVHAE ITIL
(Calendar oa
22..Johnson set. Hoelarl,
60.. The People of ths Ntate of
New-York agt. Bradley,
72..Hexton sgt. Knox.
79..Day agt. Day.
81..Clark et al. agt. Hayward,
84..The People of the State of
New-York agt ‘Tobacco
Manuf, Assoc ation,
95 duate agt Muades,
97.. Nichols agt. Hunt,
102. .Giescl edt apt. Kuline,
115.. Rich agt. Rocheater Water
Works Co.
116, See agt. Same,
14.8 mmous axt. Woods
120.. burdsall aut. Smith,
122. .Appiication of Chas. B. Blan.
cliand
126. .Carter agt. Kan,
Lit, Comlin agt. Gottgoigne,
134..1n the matter of the »pplies
tion of John W. M re #1L
Circrir—PART [—VaAN B
§23..Boneher agh. U. 8. Fire and
Marine lus. Co.
11. .Cushing sgt. Bradford,
1501, Balger age. Tilden.
1404, Same ag. Name.
14'5. Sherwood agt. Lime.
1464. Badger agt, Tilden.
1655. Barnard agh Geodhart,
1691... Homergue agt. Elkins.
1789. Knox sagt. T og on
1920. Thumpeou xt. Brandt,
1925. Same agt, Ahearu,
1969, Thurnauer ITeruwann.
2029. Brown agt. Molloy.
2065, .Grifin sagt Rhoner,
Pat IL —=Brany, J.—Opens at 11
SUPEKIOK COURT— RIAL TREN —F
A
157... Holmes et al agt. Roler.s.
B70. Flesch] act, Mason,
1225, 3hortell ag. Lowenthal.
1047, Sevmonr et al, sgt. O'Brien,
1671... Deming agt. Puleston,
227, Rows agt, Collins
1215. .Mitebell gt. Gor lon etal.
1117. Doscher sagt, Shaw,
wl. Ettinger axt Howe Ins. Co.
of New-York,
Commoy Preas—Tuiar Teuw Th
1
1865. Desr agt. Grafiner,
1712. .5havnon agt. Reiley.
1404. Whitten sgt. Suaiford
175. Jaughlath agt Tooruada,
1607. Weld agr. Gallo or
1457. Bartlett ag, Jach on.
1742. Kramer sgt. Goo clude,
f
1474. Hasking agt. Wek
1428, Esser agt. Silver,

1709..Clarke wt. Smith,
1500. Orange Co. Mik Axs'on act
Brady.
1877..N. Y. Nat, Ex. Bk. agt. War
ren.
17%. Clark agt. Beman.
1610. Newton agt. Colarn,
1711. .Lacomte agt. Terw 1! ger,
16830, Abbott agt. Vau Wonk,
#5, Spellman ast. Lindlieim,
14, Beach agt. Morgan
1541, .0'Donueil agt. Green.
16e4. Clarin agt. Thor cr
1938. .Woerner agt. H- rick,
1958. Paton agt. Winter.
1-91... Rotuselnld ag'. Quackenbush
1935. .Leynde agt. Lumley.
193, Sander agt. Wol,
1954. Ninth Nat. Bi. agt. Emith.
MariNg CouRT=TKIAL TRrM.—P,
No eall o
Parr Il —SHKa,
T1248 Mirtaochit agt. Krechler.
2720. Camumings agt. Doge,
pC gt Harve
Sperling ngt. Bewnig.
7550. Beuthiew agt. Elias.
7523. Gower agt, Garcia
7101... Burr sgt. Woul,
ART TL =JoacH1wse
#247. .Bhapter agt. Roberts,
#977. Mouvell ast. Ro ngues
4392. .Grabam age. Dose,
City Corn
141.. Lynch agt. Jenne.
327, .Mutheig agt. Harrison
301... Burtis agt. Whittlose)
287.. Nash agt. Johosou.
306. Weis agt. Sehunds.
320. ,Donlon sgt. O'Nhes.
62.. Hunt sgt. Rogers.
Court of Apprals.—ALB
ing in the Conrt of Appeals day caler
1°0 400 4H SW St

CONWre vy Aappeaii,=—aALbANY, VBC, s4,— 11 JOLIOW
ing is the Court of Appeals day calendar for Dec. 21—Nos. 469, 494, 478,
po: 490. 494, 500, 501.
A CHRISTMAS APPEAL FOR POOR CHILDREN.
The bitter cold of Winter and the freezing storms
The bitter cold of Winter and the freezing storms
have come upon thousands of the poor children of this city, unprepared.
They are sleeping in boxes, or skalking ia doorways, or shivering iu ccl
ry proper clothing or shoes, and but half fed. Many cons
re-footed through the suew to our Industrial Schools. Children have
been known to fall fainting on the Boor of these schools, through waut
of food. Hundreds enter our Lodging Houses every night, who base
no home. Hundreds apply to our office for a place In the country, who
are ragged, balf starved, and utterly anbefriended. Will our trons,
throughout the city and country, help us to give these unfortunate listle
ones a happy Christmas
Fifty dollars will give to three of these childrem a home in the West.
Who will make a Christmas present of a Home! Who will help as to
put shoes on hundreds of bare feet, to clothe hundreds of balf-clad boys
and girls, and to give ove good Clrestmas dinner or pleasast festival to
these chiliren of joverty
The Children’s Ald Society {s temporarily bereft of means, throngh
the frauds in the City Government. We ask of our fricuds fu every
part of the country to belp us through this season, when the demands
upon Us are greatest C. L. Bracs, decretary,
Children's Aid Boclety, No. 19 East Fourth-st, New York.
Gifts of provisions and clothing may be sent to the Central Oftien, 19
East FPourthet., New-York, or will be called for, if the address be
forwarded.
Donations of moner may he loclosed to either of the undersigned. If
they are in checks or Post-Office orders, they can be wade parable to the
order of J. K. Williams, Preasurer.
Wm A. Booth, Precideut, No. 100 Wall-st,; J. E. Williams. Treas
orer, Metropolitan National Bank, No. 106 Broadway; C. L. Lirace,
decretary, No. 19 East Fourth-st., New-York.
WORK OF THE YEAK.
There were daring the past year in our five Lodging Houses, 11,928
different boys and girls; 157,729 meals and 131,678 lodgings were sypplied.
Tn the 19 Day and 11 Evening ludustrial Schools were 9,429 children, who
who were taught, and partly fed and clothidy 3,336 were reat to good
homes, mainly in the West. Total number und r charge of the Society
during the year, 20743. There have been 4,968'rp ans in the Lodging:
Houses, aod 1,231 orphans wers provided with bones.
INDUSTHIAL SCHOULS,
Open to all Cluldren who cannot gtéend the Pablic Schools. Cottage.
lace Sehool Noo 204 Bleecker sty hast Rover School, No. 2 bast
Fortie hot. Hutson River Nennol, No. 30 Were Ewen voaerenth ot
Avenue B 8ehool, No. 07 Kast Fourteenth oo; German >obool, Noo 272
Necond st; lal School. No. 4 Frankliost,; Lor! School Noo 207
Greenwich at; Pack pehool, Sixty-cighth st, 1eay Broadway; Fifty
pecoudst. Sebool Lifiy seeond 4, wear Lleven heave, Fifts thirlst
Sebool. Noo Jo West Lint choniest; Peles Neco) No, 375 Gast Tharty
Floste; Newabo, 8 ScboM, No. 49 Parnoplace Girly! School, Noo 130
Wont Mint ents 1, Fouth var! Nehoo!, So. 32 Martot-st; Fitia asl
shel, Noo 14D Badin et Las Word Sebool, Noo 1aS apiiog sts
basicai Waid dcloul, Dv. T00 Laal Loerenaas blisvecute Wand

('IVII., NOTES.
a
Carpozo, J —Opeus at 84 a m.
a ledat 12m.
140, Riddle agt. Sanford.
147. Hopkins agt. O itic.
146. .G. seheidit agt. Kuline.
La, Holloway ut Bieylens,
151, Tutle agt.
132. Name ayt, oy
F157. Gibney agt, Darling.
15, Lent agt. Faulkaber.
inl. Dow agt, Dow.
vi Awe dd sagt, Kora,
itd... Cole agt, Spence.
wi..George agt. Lyon,
195. .Kuox agt. Dwyer.
171..1n tne watter of the petition
of Eveline M. Bliss,
i 112. Birt azt. Lirdsall,
Bak or agt Hotchkiss
E Ly Devoe aet. Flock,
l ‘Delavan agt. Browa.
171. Harvey azt. Kelly,
185 3 Hoguet agt. Kussbanm.
147. Weeks agt.
1 1%. %oloman sgt. y
nT, J —Gpens at 104 a. m.
21 4.. Lowen tein McGown,
1:7. Schwartz agt. Lapaugin
2149. Hopkins agt, Midderton,
2157. Renaud agt, Dorenius.
2105, Sheppard agt, Wes,
12197, Hed ten agt Sam»,
221 arse agt, Fischer,
12237..The Lawrenceville Cemert
Co. agt. Wood.
2207.. The Howe Ins. Co, agt.
Atenbiraw Inp.
2901... Cole sgt. Spence.
[2019 Caldwell agt. Beard,
2321... Doll age. Flag,
a. m.~—No short ealeodar. —Case on,
PAT L.—=MoNBLL, J —Opeus at JL
n
203. Sane azt. Norta Am. Fire Ins.
Co
NUS, Nuwe agt. Home Ins. Co,
lous, 4 sgt. The Park Fire ns,
90a. Pann at. Niagara Fire Ins.
901, an at) Wiliismsbgtge City
A,
1125, Naan ‘orlage Co. agt.
Melntee,
Part I.—=J. F. Darvy, J.—- Opens at
a. 1m.
irl !..Nhanpon agt. Re By
hi Sompter apt Wo!
AO sel agt @aniuer
wn, Dovie get Catherwonl,
24. Kingsley agt, Fears,
ey Sebuylkill Nav. Co. apt.
Heiloer,
wt, Hevarssy agt. The Empire
C tv Bypress Co,
Hs Stevens agt, Cole
0 MeKnight agt. Croty,
1241 Draper agt. Stiger.
Ibu. Waring agt. Kiusldo
161 Hendrick agt “tin vesant,
1577. Fuler agt. Mondelick,
1208. Wood at. Deuclos.
"183. Sargent agt. Industrial Exbi
bition Co,
159, Andrade sgt. Alger,
wd. Ackerman sgt. Honkel,
i551, Murphy ags. Baldwi
1070, Barrett agt, Broadhead,
ATL Gambling agt. Jores.
1326. Mclatvre agd. Moran,
1465. Nehlesten agt. Lepornin,
Fuller sgt, Lariiey.
1454, Beans axt. Hock.

AKT ALK&KR, J. =Opens at 10 a, m.
f caliuiar,
J. ens at 10 a, m,
2. Coffin agt. Miller,
040. Flesch agi. Lieanag,
775. Mace ag. Bloscone,
7960. Lurch sgt. Holston,
ahlgren agi. rredericks,
beppard agt. Dingee,
{7 9.
A J —Opens at 10 a. m.
HW. Alwel agt Hall
.Delmave agt. Heuser,
——e..mith at.  OUBLZe,
1 BROOKLYN,
110. .led:g ag. Schaefr.
17. Hoiaban agt Donovan,
326. Murine Nat. B'k agt. Johnson
JJ. .Case agt. Murray.
HM. Case age. Ewald,
189. .Jobnson agt. Johnson,
ANY, Dec. 22.—The tollow
ar for Dec. i) 469, 494, 408,
School, No. 377 Rivington-st. Fonrteenth "Wari Renal, No, 1 Croaby.
at; Bisteenth Ward dehool, Noo 210 See 1 ahteuih ot
PHER FAD. Gave
No. 211 West Kighteen:hst., No 204 ilo ar at. No, 37 Riving on.
st, No. 207 Greenwich ot.
LODGING Hot gpa
Newshovs', No. 49 Park pace; Corb Noo oT 50 Mark’ oo! co, Piving
ton-st,, No 327 Lisiegtons t, Elvorth War, Noam) Ba venti at
sigteenth Ward No. 200W 0 Fie d
PR Itwowly he a gre t fivor to us," onrfren's ihe
sapped Lofore any Sanday school or Church woh wih bo Ley vor le
rab stand.
CONTROLLLR GREEN DENOUNCED BY Ti DOCR
COMMISSIONERS =A MANDAMIES S001 io CoM
Pil THE RUE OF BONDS VOTED DOWN,
President Aguew reported to the Boovi of
the Dock Department, yesterday, that Contiollor Green
had refused to give uw decided answer to the request of
the Department that $1,000.00 worth of Dock boda
aiid be negotiated by him and the pro vedas turned
over to the Department He had discussed the legs
points with the Controller, but the iatter's language had
heen very evasive, and he had tially been refused sa
answer in writing, Mr. Agnew further said:
Tue $1,000,000 we called for in May Dist was sranted by
the Comm goners of the sinkirg Fund. Afier we Lod
obtiined $0,000 Controller Green refused to wiv the
Load shy Lore WalTauts, on the ground th toe Two
Per Cont wet wonld theroly be disobeyed, To satisfy
Mr Green a mandamus sult was brought against him in
the Supreme Cours, Judge lmgralan, on Oct, i, gavs
judgment mn favor of the Department, deciding that na
the Dock Department was excrapted tion the
operations of the Two Per Cont act by the Levi-latire,
the Contreller contd legally wssuc Dock bonds. Tue Con
troller Nheyed the order of Judge Ingratnm, avd psd
Over $500,000 to the Department, but he now 1efi=es to
negotiate $1,000,000, granted to the Iropartment on Novy,
Li, by the Sinking Fund Commissioners, We caniot
wake any contracts without the as-arance that we shall
receive this money, aud the work of the Departracut will
have to stop,
Commissioner Henry—It ceems« te me un clear case of
wrong, Although organized 1 1510, we del Lot have the
legal right to be sdn work upon the pew dock #3 -tem on
tid May ast, From Aug. 26 to Nov. 2, we have had no
tind, and we lave had to stop work almost entirely,
We have been accused of fucompetency, If tie publie
expects na to go on and bulid plers without money they
Ccerbaanly expect an impossibibity, Iisa shame that the
vreat comnereial interests of New-York, wiih we
represent, should Le thus hindered becanse certain
officials have stolen the puble money, I say it 13 a
<hame that we four men, against whom uot 4 word of
si-prcion lias heen nttored, should be placed in such a
position. We have nothing to conceal here. have vis
ited almost every editor in New-York, and oftered to
show every book of the Departinent to any one that
Cnoght be sent to make an investigation,
Commissioner Wood think this Department has
from the moment of its orgamzation devoted itsoit te
the public good. For the past three months the letters
of the Clinet Engineer have been urgent for the Depart
ment to proescd with its work, We would he uble during
the coming year to make £3,000,000 with advantage to the
city. Ithiuk that we should put ourselves on record,
that the blame of the stoppage of work rests upon the
Controller, I wonld therefore offer the following:
Whereas, The President apd 1'zeasurer of this Department on Dee 14
were appointed a Committee to wait upon the outroller. 80a ascertun
frow bith woen the Department will be put in possession of the $10.0,
0) to he sued by bonds for $1,000,000 authorized to be issid by the
Commissioners of the Sinking Fand on or about Nov. LJ, iu compliance
with the requisition of the Board dated Se Be 24; and
Wherrins, The Committee did on Dee. 13 obtain an intersiew with the
Controller, but could get no satisfactory anvwer in relation to the said
$1000.00; ther fore,
Kesolved. That the Secretary of this Boand be instrneted to request the
Connsel for the Corporation to apply for a mandamus to compel ihe Con
troller to issue, before the expiration of this year, $1 Cn 08 of doek
bouds us authonzed by the Commissioners of the Sinkiug Fauld on Nov.
13, and from the proceeds to furnish this Department with 1,000,000;
aud be it further
Resolved, That from the information furnished to the Commissioners
of this Board by the Engineer-in-Choef, tiey are of opinion (hat the alors
said $1,000,000 will be required as a portion of the $3,000,000 to which
the Department is entitled in 1871, and for which it has x0 far ovly rm
erived $1,000,000, ju addition to the 75.000 000 to which it is entitled 1s
1472 the Board being of opibiou thai with the vext IZ mouths
4.000.000 ean he advantageously invested in the work of the De artinent.
Commissioner Henty—{ hate this idea of going into the
Courts for 4 mandaluus against the Coutrolicr, 1 would
Like all the departments to be harmonious.
Commissioner Hunt—I don’t think the time has come
to apply for the mandamus, T don't think it wise,
Commissioner Wood—1 wish to place the tesponsibili
ties of the stoppage of work where it really rest<—upon
the head of the Controller of the City of New-York. Cer
tain men have stolen money mn other departments, but
there has not been a dollar musspent by us, 1 would
have the tax-payers to understand that the dock bonds
only come due thirty years hence, and that not a dollar
at present cones out of the taxes of the city; and, there
fore, their issue would wot complicate the present finan
cial embarrassment of the City Government. Foreign
capitalists stand ready at any mowmeut to take these
bonds nay, are eager to tor them,
~The resolution was lost, Commissioner Wood voting in
the affirmative and Commissioners Agnew, Hunt, snd
 Heury in the negative, Commissioner Wood reported
that the accounts ot the Treasurer, Henry A, Smiuhi, had
been carefuily inspected and found correct.
Os Ort. 3) the cepartment had 8 balance of $24,354 44; received for
rents during November, $74,011 67; from Mrs. J. Fox. as half payweot
of the cost of Pier No. 53, E. R., #5.50; iuterest, +449 Iv; from Coutrolles
Green, $300,000; total assets, $402.515 30. Dighur<ements in the form
of checks, $245,479 44; pay-rolis of laborers. $18,660 09; salaries of
clerical force, S16.432 78 pat wd. J. Bradley, Chamberiaiu, $4,011 67,
total lisbursements, $404 603 93. Balance, $43.211 32.
The Street-Cleaning Commissioners met at 1p. m., yea
terday, in the Controller's ottice, Mayor Hall in the chalr.,
Judge Bosworth, President of the Board of Health, re
ported that, with a few exceptions, the streets in the
Fourth Precinct had been properly cleaned, Sixty thou:
sand dollars was then ordered to be paid to the street
cleaning contractor, and his bill from December 1 to De
cember 15 was referred to the Board of Health,
Controller Green has placed $69,438 46 to the eredit of
the Department of Public Instruction, this amount being
the balance due that department for the year,
Patrolman Walsh of the Twenty-tirst Precinct
met, resterday, in a grocery in Second ave., Christopher Becken. whom
a few nights before be bad driven from a street corner for loitering there,
with oth rs, aud insulting people. Becken began to ahuse the officer,
aud, obtaining a large koife, attempted to stab bim The patrolman
seized bis wrist, knocked bim down with the butt of a pistol, snd. with
the aid of Jon Hanoan, succeeded in wresting the kuife from bim. Haa
nan's hand was severely cut,  Beckeu was committed by Justice Coultes
at tlie Fiftv.orventh at Court.
OE ELIAL CEFR,
OQFfFretat.] THURSDAY, Dee, 21, 18.14 o'clock pom,
The Board met pursuant to a call signed Ly a mojority
of the members,
Preseut Thomas Coman, f3q., President, in the chair,
and the tollowwg members:
Aldermen Cuddy, McKiever, Mitehell, O'Neill, Plank
itt, Schlichting, Weleh, and Wolf nia —9.
Tie minutes of meetings held Dee, 14 aud 18 were read
and approved.
RESOLUTIONS,
By Alderman Plunkitt—
Resolved, That two gas lamps be placed and lighted
opposite the chureh edifice on the neers side of Fifty.
third-st., between the Sixth and Seven h-ives,, nuder the
direction of the Commissioner of Puoac Wolas,
Whieh was laid over.
By the same—
Resolved, That two gas lamps be placed opnosite the
Riowisen, NO&. 316, 318 ana 320 West Fortyv-cighth-<t., un
der the direction of the Cowuissiouer of Paoie Works.
Which was laid over,
By the fume
Resolved, That a street lamp be placed and lighted
Opposite No. 151 Eust Sixtieth-st., ander the direction of
tie Commissioner of Pablic Works
Which was laid over,
RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF ASSISTANT ALDERMEN
LAID OVEK.
RESOLUTIONS=To permit Cyrille Dion to place an Orna
mental lamp 1 frout of No, 243 Broadway to permit H,
A. Hudson to place a light and orwamental lamp in frond
of No. 108 Third-uve. to place Lunps in front of St, Eliza
beth Church on One-hundred-and-cighry-filth-st.; te
Jlace a aap ol north-west cor. Tenrb-ave, aud Fifty.
fth-<t.; in front of No. 811 Broadway: in front of St
Mary's Schoul, on south-east cor. Clarkson and Green
wichests,; to flag west side of Fourth-st. from Christo
Jol to Grove-st.; east side of Ninth-ave., beiween
welfth and Thirteeutl-sta, and in front of No. 550
Grand-st.; to carb and gutter on north-side of Seveoty
third-st., between Second and Phird-aves.; south-side De
lancey -st., from Goerck to Mahutiing; to butld a sewer in
Litt'e Wost Tweltth-st,, trom Ninth to Tenthaves; to
erect an iron drinking fountain on north-ensi cor. First
ave. and OQue-huudred-and-fourteenti-si,; on south-west
cor. Mird-ave, and Lighty-seventh-st.; on westside of
South Fifth-ave., 20 feet south of Grand-st.: on cast side
of Varick-st., 20 feet from Chariton st; on west side
South Flith-ave., 1s feet from south-west cor, of Hous:
ton-st,
MESSAGE FROM THE MAYOR.
The President Lad before tie Board a message from
the Mayor, returning, without nis approval, resontions
for iw proving the condition of Fourti-avo, in respi to
the nse of steam by the Harlem Railro ol Cotpany tLe
messuge being as follows
MAYOR'S OFFICE, NEW-YORK, December 21, 1871,
I'v the Conmunon Council
I herewith return, without my approval, the resol
tions “fv Linproviug the condition of Foutih-ave, in re.
apect to the use of sean by the Harlen Ri ilroad Com
pany,” adopted by the Board of Alderiaen on the 18th
instant, ay by the Bourd of Assistant Alderinen on the
19th in-tant,
It does not become necessary to consider the advan
tages or disadvantages, nor the policy or impolicy, of
these resolutions, because 1 have yeached the conclusion
that the Common Council docs not’ posses: legal power to
anthorize or direct many of the acts coutcumblated by
the resolutions, but that such power exciusively belongs
to the Legislature,
The resolntions also provide: “The work herein mep
tioned, and such a8 way become necussary to carry out
the object of this resolution, to be doue by the New York
and Harlem Ruilroad Company, sod to be approved by
the Engineer of the Lopate of Public Works, and
one-half of the coat of sald work to Le borne by the said
Kutltoad Company aid the other Lalf to bo borne by the
city, sud the portion tv be borne by the city to be pald ue
the work roy resacs,” ete, ete,
This 18 dis netly in contravention of section 22 of the
Charter, which reads as follows:
«The Common Council stall have no power to impose
taxes Or assessments, or borrow money, or contract
debts, or loan the credit of the city, unless spocfally au
thorized 30 (0 do by act of tue Legisiature, nud all the
legislative power of the city shall bo subordinate to and
be exercised in conformity with such special grants, re
striction, or limitations a3 are now or hereafter way be
prescribed by the Legislature.”
The resolutions, also, tu contemplating an alteration of
the grade of Fourth-ave., violate clapter 53, section 2 of
Luys of 1852, respecting publication of facts, us well a4
reglnding consent of ow ners,
The resolutions also contemplate expenditure of
moneys for which no approprivtion Las been made, and
thin latter Is an absolute condition precedent (sec. 0 of
Charter),
Tae resolutlons flav conteroplato  dnfldine street
Liidges, which, as waa decided hesciviore 1a the Brod:
MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS.
B——
ATTEMPT TO KILI, AN OFFICER.
CITY GOVERNMENT.
er
Board of Aldermen.