Che Official Canvass.


ra Whew
AIAN SIA 4
MENT OF THE BOARD OF
STATE ENT rer OF THE COUNTY OF NEW-YORK
IN RELATION TO VOTES GIVEN FOR INSPECTORS OF KLEC
TION. ~The Boanl of Counts Canvasscrs of the County of New-)ork,
having met at the office of the Clerk of said County on the 14th. 15th,
yoth. 17th, 18th, and 20th days of November. 1671, to canvaw snd esti:
mate the votes given in the several Election Districts in each of the
W ands of said Cits apd County, at the General Election held on the 7th
Jay of November, in the your Morne, do certify as follows:
Jou og DISTRICT, te whol
ppoars on sach a rate and canvass, that the whole nom
Ta aM g.ven for the office of Inspectors of Klociion of the
Piret Bioction Instriokof the First Ward was three thoneand and

rr



HO 300
Of which Joba I. Maher received one thousand ope hundred and 1.108
received
received
»d
e PE EE EE EE EEE TERRE ERE “ee
Of which Kdwa thonsand one bundred a

three. PP PPP POPP TY 1.1m
Of which John Hickey reonived two hordred and ffs fonr.. ooo 2.4
of which Michael Donoghue received two hun fred and fs four... 24
Of which Liomard Dugan recone! one hundred and fori «neo... 14)
Of whieh Johr Connors recetve! one handred and foriy one «ooo 141
OF whieh there wore Defective Si... ovine
Awd of which there wore Scattering (brve-.
Ad
rr

RIT TL J 4,950
ul
AROOND RLROTION DISTRICT,
TYAL 16 ATPEATS OB Such catimate au. cADYARs, that (he whole nam
her of votes given for the ofices of Tospectors of Election of the
secoud Klection Dustnict of the First Ward wae three thonsand
ADA BIMOBD «cr vrenrrririiteitretiietitararrattritittatitireen
i



Of which Michae) T. Griffin received one thonsand one hundred and 1.000
cata shesetnsnennnnnssrnaesusnnercunene 3,100
ER RPRRTEY
ee
Al which Peter J. Tasfe rece ved one thonsand ove hundred and
LT TTP ITI PTI
Of whieh Chr stopher J. Ber dy received two hundred and Lfte-foar. 204
Of whieh Wolir Calabar pr ceived two hundred and 60te-four...... 254
Of which Janes Holle ecein el one hundred and forty-one. 14
Of which Vataich Counors received one bund red aid forty one PU)
6


a
eee.
3.05
OF which there were Defective sx. Snes Rees
And of which there wore Deallan ig three. coves vores savesnnnenns 3
3,015
THIRD XLROTION DIATR ICT.
That it appears on auch esting and canvass, that the whole nam.
ber of votes giver for the offic sx of Inspectors of Eleciion of the
hind Election District of the First Waid was three thousand and
L
RUUD ce cc co eer es ttnerssscarsresarentassassrsrsseseey sastannsss SON


Of whieh Michar! BE Palion received one thousand one hundred and
1.108
y
rere
OF woh and 3. Convell received one thousand ove bandied and
BREE ere cata sh BER EL ECR ERIE EEE WRB

ave 4
oo
Of chook Will mu Smith rece ved two buoiosd snd 6fty-four,
Of win h Andrew Rogan rece ved two hinndre! and Gifte-foor
Of whieh Jowmink Con's recor one handred and forts one 141
or chor Mat ew Doo'su rece ved one hundre. apd forty ole. ove 141

ale thew were Lieto thie six FPPPPeY PPT b
And ol which tueTe were Deal ing Ure. cove vives teenas 3

3,019
POTYHIH KLECTION DISTRICT,
TH appears on such Cab mie wud canvass, that the whole nome
Lor of vores given for the off ces of dpspectam of Elec ion of the
Vorr b ¥oecion bstuct of the First Wand wa, three thousand
TL oP PER TT LIE AA
of wie Henry Bick jr, received one thouaand one bundied ana
Chenu nnae sedretsatarsranersasstrassascen ee 08
Rian received one thousand ove buncred end

4
or
vi ch dol P,

Bit vrnanunrennincns DT rT I TTP PrP OTT PINS 3...
O1 whic» Michael J Calicu recived two hundred end Lit foafe..e 74
Of which John Waters received two hundred and fifty four. 0.0 09
of which Richard Benily rece.ved one hundred aud forti-one...o Jd)
Of which Michael! J Duty rece. ed one bundred and foriy-one....o 141
hay is
ap
eg
Of which Thomas Jere ngs received thirty two. cooiiiiiiiins 32
0 which Henry Hess received tarts two... PPPPPPPPT IR
Of winch tere were DefeCove mx ou ciie iii seernve v
A041 which there were Scattering three... coreues J
LY
PIPTH FIECTION DISTIOCT
THA it appears on snecl ean aid couvane that the whole nom.
Ler of vo om aiven tor the oftices of Jospeotom of Liediou of ie
Yinth Nec jon D stoct of the First Wand vas thee touring and
OF which Richart A. Barton received one thousand one handred aud
OF wiih Jumes McCauley received oie buvu-anud out Lunured snd

at
_
Sh
LE LL PP PPP (AD

1.108

CRI hunni ves canes wer fxn erent arnnanetanifire cicses set 31303

Of which James Jor a reosivet two bondred and eights one ...ooee 201
Of which Jubn J. Cieary re vive! two hundred and cobts obec “ul
OF whi h James MeLaugh'in reecived one har deed and forte one 141
Of which Patnick Mees u rece ved one Londred and fortsone.... 14]
Of whieh there were Delos ve shove PPTTIT TILL t
Aud of which tere were Dalle ing ree. ou vino ieee K
va td
AIXTH RIRCTION DISTT
x
mee


2
Tha' it appears on anch eatima‘e and canvass that the who's nome

ber of vores piven for the oflces of Jospectors of Lo 1 wo tae
se
Rizth Mection District of the First Wan! was thee town ed
LU 1 PE PEPPY PEP PEPPER es 3.080
oe
Of which Charles P. Berguer received one thousand cone hundrea
LL Tp caescer JJ03
ILL LLL LTT F caves
Of whie John Il. Cussch rvceved one thousaud one Laudmd aud
Of wheeh Martin Clerry peeved two bandred snd cght one PRL
Of which William Delvny received two bunidion pel
Of which John Nolap received one Luntred and for 114i
Of winch Denis Collinge reeanved one hundred and for: Ig)
Cowie tb ore were Defective mn Lo PYPT PR TINE t
Aud of which there were Seattering three. ooo on 4
wd

eer
-0L6.



ERVENTH KIRCHIO® DIsriacy
That it appears on suck ¢-tanste and canvass, that the whole mn
Ler of votes given for the offices of Juspeciorne of bie bon of Uae
Seventh Klocuon District of the First Ward was three thousind
a
NN
ad uy ay xp Sle Gs Tins
Lo.
Of which James P. Burus received one thonsand ope hundred and
Of wea Edward Butler reeived one thousand one bLuidred and
Of which Patrick Flemiug received two hundred and £fti-four...., 254
O which Thomas Jennings received two havtred and to far... 204
Of whieh Thomas F. McCabe received one hovdred snd tomsone,.. 14)
Of wirich Joba Conls received one hundred aud forty-oue.......

ws
boi
4 ‘ee

2ah rece
al
t
3
Of which there were Defective mix..............
Aud of wiuoh there were th!
PIGHTA RLECTION DISTRICT.
aod

That it appears on such catimate and canvass, that the whole oy.
her of voles given for the offides of fsvieriens of Flet on of the
Biguib hlectiou District of the First Ward was three thoussnd

AWO cc eaviiiiaiii ie
12
Of whieh Nicholas P. Cornely received one thousand one hundred
and eight. ooo iii sete iene rrr TW srsvee 3308
Of wi Jobo T. Ready received one thoussud cue bandred and
Ele ec cana vet fea toh seri taastns dsramcantennsansassnanrrane Doll
Of which Heary Heps received two hundred sod ftv founoaniiiee 04
Of which Jobn Yer reocived two hoadred aud 61 fone LoL 254
a

hw
one...
Of which Jusepl C. Bculy received one hoo.ired sud fort. one... 144
Of which Jerewsiah Keenan received one hundred aud f
o vu iiiiniiieie ines
Of which Joha Terry received twenty-seven 5
Of which there were Defective aix......... 6
Aud of which there were Scablerig thee........ reress ‘ee 3

Le 3,048

NINTH Pr rCTION DISTHICT.
That It appears on snch extimate ru canvass, that the whole nom.
ber of votes given for the oiices of laspectors of Liection of the
Ninth Rlootion District of the Mirst Wand was three thousaud
aud (flee. conse esesasensetassaninsnness 3015
of ue I
Of which Bartholomew Coleman received one thousand one bondred
Of which Michael 8t. George received one Wousand ore Lundr. d
Of which Patek J. Hevneray reocived two houvdred and nftv-four, 254
Of which Jobr leardon received (wo bundred and Lity four... 204
Of which Job Le. Tou recessed ove hundred and forty-one... 14]
01 whick John Shaughveas. received one buudrd und fori one oo. dd
i
a
PTT
e600
(IF
[IX
4 in

ns
OF abieh there were Dejecty: aa Re pr PP i
And of wiuch theiv weit Doabichiig Mare. .coocinuiin co a
FROT
SECOND WARD
PINRET BLE CTION DIXTHICT,
That it appears on sock estinnale sud canvass, tout the whole nom.
ter of votre gen for the othees of luspectors of Electron of the
Prot Kloctiou District of the doovnd Ward was tive Luudred and
PT PAPO PPPPPPRPIPPPPPPPPRPPPPTEEE 4
Of which Charles B. McMabon received coe hundred apd twenty.
TT TT “ee 429




BP

ERIE
i
Of which John Kane reecived one hy udred and teenie bee 0 10,
Of which James W. L dnith record one bandied und wovenieen.. 417
Of which James Thompson rece vd on brand and thiitesn., il
Of whieh Frederick BH Sebeneh meena thirveem 000 0 LLL,
Aud of whieh Join K. Dunlap recenved lrbolie, coon




ASAT Sy
LE)
EROCOND BLECTION INTHRICY
That it appears on such exLMATE nt Calvan Lint the whole num
ber of votes ven for the othees of Inspectors of Feo on of the
noond Klesctiou District of the Second Wand was tive hundred spo
om
nd R.ce rer cived we thonasnd nine oT
of
the i
rer itersannneann RT RR LL LLL RL LLL IY

‘ee
Of which Dennis Coleman received one bandred and twentr-five.... 120
Of whub Sorry Arter prccived one hundred and tweniy ne, we 123
o——
OF whieh Michael Carmody reeened one hundred sod seve wen... tr
isc
FPPTTTE
Or which Misael bao reerived one hundred aud thirteen. wen Hip
of which Frank oo Lo May recom thirteen oan ooo Cesiuse
Aut of which Mila O Dos pell reqerved thiteen p  }3
Ly

C
THIRD WARD
PIREr J LICTION PISTRICY,
Tat tatesim on much entooate sid canvass hat the whore nom
i
t
tof vo tee gover ton te offices of Jusjeciors of Liection of the
cut bdecion istnet of tbe Third Ward was nine Lundred and
TUT POPP PPP Pr PN PLA
of whieh Nerd Bells receive! tao bundiod apd seventy, oo. cvivaee <0
owl Patch Gleason 1 os Avo handres HE
ot whieh Jiooix Kouch rece nue hun ren and
an 1
go
Ce
Of wha Geae Tes Freer p 1 Of which Devin Crots revived nine hundred and ninety ino. he
f whic sesame 1/4
Aud of whic alas 3. Hooper ice tn soveuts Bye. oo ovnen. rn Of wi We) 5 Reser gua yee eed nine hundred aud ninety tne... G7 1,400
Of uli Jobn Wald Teemved seven hundred and cighty-uine., RIGHTH REE TION Insc,
H Of whiel Janus J. Fett seven bucured and e.gltv mone... nu That appears on such estate wd canvas tal the whole num
SRCOND RLECTION DISTRICT Of whic: Wh {received four Send:ed and fort: threo L. 4 Wor of voles Aven Tor the ofbiees of Laspee ots of Fleetion of a.
hai i£ appears Ou S0ch eatihie 48) caBYars that the whole num. ph hihi 4 r oe. te teconed four bandied spd forts three, 440 Tooth Mleeton Instnet of the Sixth Wand was woven thous ud
vor of votes Koven for the othees of Inspectors of hicetion of tle V eS uh bales received two hnadred and fis four, 204 foal tndred Aim) BITE -BE. ooeiiriiie
second buction District of the Tord Ward was tone bos dred sud UF whieh Jus W. Hear lestined 150 bavind Fe fh Po Id cesssesnsnsscrnnasnnnnenss 1.408
ud Shed ha of whieh th ere Neatte ees wl 1
a LL ia aaa tT. Mion ies tee med se be
0 wineh Walter D. Kell pece’ved two bandred sud sever Of which Thomas P. Walsh rvooised two td Dian hes 9%
Of which W ham A. A 4) cu peeved tae hnnure mr Bere rn That ARCOND FIRCTION DOSTRICY ne nnd ch Fiomaa Wah 1 romived We ao er I
ut hich Charles DeGraff received one Burdred and ffeen.  }14 en Sears oh ist y Yin sud canvans, that tue whale um. Of which Michael B, Dowpey teens ed Sve hundred and tx ents two gin
which Fhomns Newel reecived one bonded and len i giv ei or the offices of Tue pectors of Jioclon of Of which 1. C. Van Wyck received five bandied aud twe wh
«i wliiels Frans Fellers tereived seseuty-fve cee if Reeond Flection Distaet of the Fifty V Wand war for Of which Ih M I AE
Spd of whack J K $scusey Cees sn pine Lundred aod sixty. our ar 3 ich Thomas Morse received two hoodred and seventy even, 27
i Bt T ar Fre itd seventy Bee. 2 ETI TTI ITI ceresevee 00 1 whe doin Sullivan received two hundred snd seventy seven, mM
Of which Nenty Cuninsb) received aire ndred ul of whieh there were SCALIBNIUE BIE ovina I MN
N J J and vlnets.
n THIRD PIRCTION DISTRICT gt aie Willian, 11. Joinstan received we bunired pot i 4 vn
Al Lappears ou sock est mute Aud caudaay, that the whole ny TTR Ad DAE RE ih ri 042 “pH Wh
Xo votes givew for the offices of 1ispectors of Kiccion of A. of ich 3icouel Mary “receir od aeven bundred and eighty nine. sim THAT appears ov sock eet ae yi the whole n
3 el incu District of the Third Ward was nine hundred how Of which wry MECres voceived av el houdred wna ighty-mue,. 9 ber of “otes given for the offices of lua storms of Flee Wi eT
teirasnes Serer CREE REAR AIE AEs Sere saeseaneaes 0°) OF which Thong -Mursis recive four Boao ad for he cee 44 Joey Kioresn District of the Nigth Ward was seven thoussnd
or i Harley received two hundred and seventy rT pi bri David Friacia, Jr. reecived tae hupdred aud An four. 2 FHLB AME AIEEE rsasdsties stent seperate oe S08
Oy whieh Withee Muicleton SERRE eh William Do gras! SR two bh i i
Of which Nicio a Le Comte Tus ver 0 Sundred pis Sryesls.... “Ty And of whith there wesw Meattering ire hundred wud Sy four. v4 O! Wu Daniel Callaghan received two fodusa0d nine hondred ana
Of which Thom aL Clark, jr. received o AH pho d fuss weaereiere 3
ere ito yoke bouted dud Gfieen..., 12 “ow of Taaiei Meehan receiv imo thousand mine bandied 40d
Ad Ck 1 TTT rR suns kimonos weer. 2 Orv nicl, Kiward Mi. Sea ren rer reise 2
ol uel N. Fiteb recesved seventy ve... .ouu d That it appears ou such Wg a Of whieh Edward M. Nbes received Tour hundred and ninety “es
Ler of votes wie nom ich Georze M. Rea received fous bundred snd
POURTH RI R( 920 Third Rieetion District of the Fifth Wd mof Liection of the Of which Charles Walker reeelved two hundred and 6fty-Lve. nh
ait TWN DISTRICT Dukdred aud pity, was four thousand nine Of which James Callaghan received two Londred sud nfty-6
L.A appears 08 such esiimale and canvass, that the wh TT TL TT Ve PI And of which yhive..... 2%
ter of voles given for the offices of Inspector ia BuL- i trieserasines 490 ich there were Scattenug BIE... cocveieriiiiiniiiiinn., hn
ul «lon o't 3
Yoarth blecsiou District of the Third Wary was vine aed He o Nis Quurge KX. Sun. pr. received nive bundred and ninety. Ey
PTT TTL TT LITT Trompe ppp Seer tier che Hh OF aich Jame Neil ived oi eee wn TENTH RLECTION DISTRICT Ye
on abchibaid Hemllton oh (wo Bonired so Of wh which Kobert of pe hundred and 2ioai} 41 two... wn bi prety ou soch extinate and canvass, that the whole nom
w cd i bein ion District of the Bis was seven
EM ii Jectiun Divisio doe Sixth Wan wu reeasaseies T40
Of which Peter J. Btuyvesant received two bavi se ny a. “3 o Whi Jeary McCluskey received two thousand nine bundred. 2.9m
OF which Putte J: Mor eéeust ovrived te busing and fe-ter-- 0 OF whieh band Jegues rained ree as
An of which there were Soatiensg hour... res 3M OT wiich Charles Moggers sooetved Sve inndens 10d three. 3
VIPTE RLECTION DISTRICT. ike re hi Or 4 wie a Ba ER Sg i boaiied aras Jorn; ay
Pout A Syvears.un web Sitingte aul, sven, that the whole now- POIRIN RLECTION 4,960 r ved tree b sud twaaly-
soles given es of luspectors of Election of the tat DISTRICT. oy whieh Hiram Holtre recel n
Piet, Rieetion District of the Third Ward was nine Lundred and a appears ye Josh Satisice 4nd SEIN, that the whole nim. And of sbich there ie aeoited thoes hundred wi twenty-seven. m
TOBY. iieiir era rsrrranans TTT "0 Fourth 1rd, luz the Stns of Iampgetors of Election of Whe ud boas AA BEN dip bb 4
was four i hr ir
(f whieh Daniel R. Pian received two hundred and ty Joses iors Dinfet of fe TIA Wa qu our owed TA.
pp bits onved imi poli) pi oy “ee 3% of eee 4) PLEVRNTH ELECTION DISTRICT.
(3 wines Davia Hebine received oes hundred sad Foor 30 1 Of abich Heart Ragen to zoeeived piss Dastred ad niaetriws a3 TEAL I shpeare vm such catimite aud caavass, that the whole pur
Of which homas RO va wae beamcred apa Bea rire J a I se ead sisety ws on 1 ul*uive riven for We silica of uapsctors of Liection of (he
Of which Williaw L. Shardlow received seventy i pers resel ved Landred asd Ricreath Kleotion District of the Sizth Ward was seve house
enty-fre....... Of which M! -aive.... 789 1 v 4
Aud of which (hearers H. Conant received seventy-five. Of w Michael "Hara roocved even beaded sad ee Ol DUDEIOA B08 ALY AIB ss cs verstssuessanssenssontne sansa loved
Uf which J Rin, bees) ad fon and tra w Of kied James Conlon received two thousand nine hundred wo
FOURTH WARD. of ames LU. a reosl two busdred Afy-four reser ia sen ananen Lesseeens seeean ‘es
FIRST ELECTS hich Michal Boyce rselved imo bended sad four. Be Of Mortimer P. Sullivan rebel lind ser vesiond
ved
Pat arrests ob sacl ESL SLUCIINN DINTIACT we wile And of which thare were Seattering four... Has Siz. thirty-seves..... He 3097
her of vuiem given for the offoss of Inspectors of Rlection of the Tan] Of whch Tage Wi ive hundred and Sv-ihree.. 823
F144 Klecton District of the Fourth Ward was seven thousand bit 4.180 Of which Job 0K AS4 le# denned 4nd 41) 363
busdred and tuenty- fomr.oooninnnnassnssinnsnnnennnnes T124 7124 That it Vidin) N DISYRICT. Of whieh Jp ved two bundrel 0
elit 1 re duck estimate and canvass, that the whole nuts Aud of Aehiof oA lie received two bund 240
ho Cy received tee thousand six busdred sad Fifa K AS five Jut the ivy Pith Wert was of kilcotiva si the were NoaMering eis...
I drain  MeOutier veccived Swo thoussad Bix b ty I Ty 4,90 ron ob 1a
AA EE CAREER LARS LJ {J a J
—-e ceriemeresensiennnreee 1083 Of which Ascon J. Garage peceired nine buadred and nined ee he 4 (ihe sod conve, the whole
CH A QR a RR THE A NN aT EH A ga a eee 68)
Of whieh John O'Connor reecived ox hundred and brtymy....... 680
Of which Michael Bheery received two hundred suc thirle nine... 276
Of which Michael J. Mur; by reee.ved two hundred avd thirty. nine 20
And of which thers wore Scattering 7 PPP PREPIT TR
7.12
ARCOND RLECTION DISTRICT
That it appears on soch estimate aod canvass, thoi the whole nvm
Lar of votes given for tie offic a of Inspector of Lhleetion of the
Kecond Kisetion Instriet of the Fonrth Wan) wax seven thot and
one hundred And AMERY QOUL. .oeoveree eanesanrnsncnensiics TIM
Of which Patrick Keape received two thousand six hundred and
CIEE. ce tess vaven eri svrsieinsrisinitogtaatestees 2603
Of whieh Jowijh thaw recessed two Whoosand six bund and
i TT TTT PPPOE
A
Of which Michael Hayes reccivedax hundred and Wirt dv. oo 66
Of which Jobin Hy O'Connor received xa hundred and thir, oly 0 626
Of which Jory b Yamhle received two Pundeed and thirty vipe. 209
Of whieh A.) Aaron received two bus ood and thirty 1a creves So
And of which Si, Scaltaring PEO. oie serene 4
7.04
THIRD RIKCTION DISTRICT.
That it apnears on such «stimate sn! canioas tof he whall num.
ber of vores given for the atices 1 usp ctom of Bleetio: of the
This d Election istrict of the Fourth Ward was seven (horgand
one hundred and twenty four oun. 0 rice TIM
Of which Morris Morphy rescived two thousand six hordred and
Lak TTT trrrrressiees 3003
Of which John Beanlon rece: ai two tlouwind six hundred and
eightv-three. cou iininn nn
Of wh cb Rasmond Condon receive! sin hundred and thi Tym. 66
Of which Benjamin HB. Maliory r ceived ax bondred snd Wir) b.6
Of which Robert M. Welsch meee ved tao hundrs and thot) pines 249
Of which John Sweeny received two handed and thirgsenme,.. wn
Aud of which there were oattening ight... 4
T.04
FOURTH POTION DISPLICT
That it apoears on kuch stan te ont cory a oat the whole om
ber of votes ven for the en of In spector of pleetion of the
Fourth Klection District of the Fourts Ward way =cren thousand
one Lundred aud (WED) £0UF au ve urine iiniiiiiin ccannnenines 1124
Of which Stephen P. Sullivan received two thousand wx hundred
oT TRIO I MR Ap ror AT iY 2.68)
Of which Patrick Diveer received two thowaud six hundred and
CIEE ANG torre raesestrressnravess cree 2.683
Of which Wallace B. Green received six hundred and thirty Ea 6.
Of whieh John Cortioun receive xix hundred ant thirty-six... (0
Of which Joseph Flood reeaived tao bur red ond tharty mine... 20
Of which Richard Dwyer reecived two hundred apd thingy pe... 233
And of which there were Beattenng eightoeooove on von 8
T4
PIFTA YIPOTION DISTRICT
Than it appears on auch ext mute ard owas tad the hole num.
IY roof votes ven or the ola eof his cross of Foctoael Lhe
Fith Kicetion Instr tof the Fourth Ward was seven thousand
OL RUDATEd ADA AWEBLY- TU ave aarerren. surrcerceaensrneiness TIA
Of which Pstrick Davis reco'ecd two thonsand aix hundred and
RRA AD CB av cen braun nnssnensnrarress trvsiarrarnraenesstans 2643
Of which John Burke received too thon sand a 3 ‘hundred sud
eghtrabree Lo... SPCR CYT 2,641
wid thirty-six. rors Gil
red and Vii Six ro
red and thre nine. 239
Of which Jobe Murphy Yeo vd mr Lunéred
Of which Wiliwm Dovovan received six b
OF which Wiliam F. Keboo ree ned tuo h na
Of Which Jobn Koehe rece w vo hundred and itv vine. PAR
Avid of which thee wee Susllening Cghloiiiin coon oe u
led
KIX RIP TION IeTRICT
T) #1 i ey penn on such Cen eeny as that the whole nem
I" ler of votes giver for the offcrs of huspectorn of Kiet of
the suxth BI ocoon Datnet of the Fourth Waid was oven Hoos
and one tundred Bd Peel OUT. oni riniinnanns th
Of which Archibald J Julderion rece sod two Clonsand sit bundind
and eieht, thee. 2.083
CO wha Wall an Burke peerved two (honssnd wa hundred a and
Cini tBiCte ans eniiris errs HERE ere Que
pO deer Joun Vint rece ved aig hot fred and hire wi eriened o
Of which Thomas Mubier econ d sox hundred sud th rivesda... 00 636
Low Bavid J. Bol eccooved to hundred ont ay PITTI
OF wine's Avo near Wo! wot 0 tno unc mee 111 pme, 289
Aud Oi which there were «code ring Calan cabeiein iii o
Rl
SEUFE OR PE VOTION DIETRICT,
Fhwiot mpprarm on suche tia doa cations, ha the whole nom
ber of votes coyon for the ciaers of Tuspector of Fie ton of the
Doven th besten BD siactal he Fourth Ward was seven Liousand
One Butdred auld (WEBIY TOUT. Lier irae ceases TR
Ih tee... 2.54)
Of whic! James Donovan reed ved two thousand sis yeadrd and
Of whieh Thome MM. Te pec iv ed two tionsand PY, “amd rel and
eben, POPPITIIT tentennnrnnrnrerrennsnes 8003
OL vouch a rabion Anion recened sit nro mad tharty wiv wo bis
OF which Thoms 0 Suh recone ox bn dred sud rts sito.o0n 68
Of winch Pato en Yooh recone bao toarne urd tors me, EN
Of wh bh Lerems Mune 00 at ue Lied and ry am PPE 2
An of wolch there aere Soa ng Conat TT PIT 4
ie
FORTH FLROY ION sre
Yat at ApPDenrs On Much epbiaue le mud! colvass Pal the whole mig
Ler of votes ven for tne clues of Faspeato LUT OY TRY ol
Eiabth Election Invitees or the Vourih Ward was secon thonsand
one hiutditd abd SWeHLY Tc cinnrnrnininirneriirarinsnsenncaes 1,028
Of which Patriek Luekley recesved (wo thoasand gy Fonired and
BEE CTE EP PTT LT 200
Of which Patoch J tins Ve received POR tunnel wr hundred and
y RIERA ARIPO vee rrnes cesaee SARS
OF wien Tor as Wan us y orited me 1 unt edd wd thoAy-se 0 bn
OF when dob C ossd received won amdrea and ty ai i
Of wi ct Gostane boerle ieee vd ton bunare ard 1! Pithases 204
Of when Jaws Hures sveeived twee Sonaled oli Garis mil, vou. PAR
Vaud of which there are Sonitering vp tL, free i
KISTH PLE CTION DIS) g1tT
Trt ii appearmon such «<0 ane wid catvies, Hii he whole nnm
ber 0 Volem gost Jor Ue one of bovpwetorn of leon of ihe
Nioth Election Insti et of the Fourth Ww ard wun seven i ousand
one hundred and tardy foUR sore crv rnteinatsrsrinnnnnes
Of which James Comer recelvad tuo thoassud mix bondred and
BTL TUE 1, TO “ee Rp “eaves Sesteteaneny 2.091
Of which Painek O'Brien recoired two thonsano 83 hundred and
eighty three ian TTI er PPLIT 2040
Of whieh Thomas “oulatin re domi Vandred aud Wiriyes PPPS
Of which Jobin Grady vecervon six bien and Lift =x PP 1
CO whel Jolin MeCue received two Lundred and thir come. .o.o0e 204
Of which Williom J. Graves recoived two hundred aud thirty nine... 239
Aud of whieh there were Seatteriug erghb.. ooo I]

Cul,
ERT)
TENTH ELROTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on such eatimmie 8nd canvass, that the whole nom
ber of voten 2 ven tor the off ces of Luspectors of El ction of (he
Tenth Fle tio Instrict of the Fouiih Wark wes seven thousund
Out hundred Aud tween) fone einen
Of which Robert Negrin received two thousand ais hundred and
CRENIW AIO, ss craves vrarrerasisssaninse Pn 2,681
aed
Of shen LB nund Coman received two thousand ix ‘bandrea and
Ags] 1] Pr RPP veranen. 208%
Of whuch Joh Heaney rece ved w x bei end Yin PPPPPRPPPR
O1 which Jelm C, Fitzger dd rece ed sox hundred wed tori wie, “eu
Oi which Wilhimm Porter rece ved tee huvomed sod orisomne., 28
Of which 1 Lowns Flv receried too bonded snd thot mn... 241
And of which here were Seatuer Ty AL RTT ITTY FRPP i]

2.1%
PLENENIN PIRCT GY 0 MIC,
That it wppears on such estima'e ud cauvax (et the who'e nam
(er of votes given for the offices of Trspectors of Flecton of the
Eleventh J isctior Diviriet of the Fourih Wad vias seven ou
sand 09¢ bunured @iG Well) TOUT eu iinninn io vinnniiinnee oe 1.174
Of wi oh Willan M. Downes received two thous d six hand ed
and eM yt a ae cia mah Rew 2,
Of which Thomus Wienholi received two (omsud xis hundred
abd elghty=thipee. un iii
Of winch Peter Foon rece ved sox han, red and Ahir 8 La...
Of whol Joan Meraosses econ ax bn fred ond shirts sit...
OF whoeh Miche 1 Fa ree vo bv bv aized sind aly mite,
VOf which dobim Fie on ree iic fran te Gand LIT Boe.
t
Aud of which there avr Souter, ot Eiri iviante P
To i
FUVLETH PIP CION IME RICTY
That it APP Ars ob suo Cat tents aid conve, thai the whole rum
Co bar of votes geen dor the officer of Trapectors of Becton one
Tweifth Blection Instriet of the Fourih Ward was seven thous


Vue Lured and neil) oleae PPPPPIPTIPPPPPPRT NV
Of which Domes J. Fenis rece ved two thoosaud 8 hundred und
eghitvthree. ooo 2,643
Ot which Jules Mallar roenved two the USA lu NE bums red and
wighivthree, cess ervricive 208
Of winch Jolin Wh te reemivad nr huwred ond hires PRFEEROPROER
0 PD dasies brrghit receive mx hooded wn thot oa “ob
OF v hoot Matthoww Stewart meee ced can bonded wad thin snipe oY)
OO whah Sano Con's avin Sve his and Moai Mis Lia, -i
Aud of which there were Seattenpg eight... ooo oo oo F']
To
a
THIRTY BENTH RLFOTION DISTRI
That Lap oacm on mi bi on oaks, bust thie whols pow
terol sour boon to the ofhi cio of Yiecbon of ie
Lhrteenth Election Disiner of Fourte Ward wes wien
$uvtmaid One LUDATed AU WELL) JOUR. cove iaiiiiniiinnsiiinie. 1 14
vb cb Thomas Wilds received two thousand six handred and
Tig SD i IT OR ey 2,6:
ore wh Rabe rt ewe! Miner received two “thonsind x T Lundred und
ety three... APT PITT PE OIE, 1).
OF soriek An's w Cosarh teed ved! Pe dred 1 de "e 1 Lh
Of whieh Thoons O Boturil pce ved six aw rd tinntyes; Ha
Of whew Tron ox Ho Maron reeeivea cao bodied cod tort wine... 200
Of whoeh Tone bh Athen reecived tivo bunored oo d titoty wise... a
And of which (here were Scaling vigh Ciriereneune 8

14
FIFTH Wann
FIVeCT RIEVCYTION 121 pr é™
That appears oo anch os moe nud convene tht (he whole num
bot votes oven tar the ofhees of Inspectors of Biecton of the
First Blecher Doster of We Filth Wan! wes four thousand nine
Luwlre J PE Pr I “hkseeens cresnneines 3.00
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 187L-TRIPLE SHEET.
ee ee eh en
A ———_———. ot
Of which Patel Ma'lon raceived nine hundred and ninedr-twe.
Of which Jahus A. Guba wed seven hundred and eighty nina... 8
Of which John Quinn recedve! meven hundred and eighty nine.
Of which Ira A. Whitman received foar hundred and forty-three... #43
Of wh.c's George B. Purvis rece ved four hundred and fords three... "3
Of which George M, Ries reccived two houdred and fifty-four... 24
Of which Joseph Grabam rece of two hundred and Bfty-iour.... 24
An) of which there were doattering four... o.oo one reins
4,90
«1TH RL POTION DISTRICT
TUAt 1t appears on meh eatin wie ql can ums, Loo he whole anm
Ub of votes piven for tha oMeaa of Tusjectors of Iteetion of (he
Rixth £2) ction Jostrict of We Fifth Ward was four thonsané nine
bumdrcd and wimp. .oooeiinniiiniinenineinnnniineieeoe FNP X
Of whi Richard H, Whitehead receivad nine hundred and rinety- om
Wray st cerarsssissensnaeserarsanrer teat ns sscereissy rE
Of which Henman Meyer received nine Lundred and ninety-two... 7
Of which Insane Bloch receive acven hundred and eightv-nine...... “ee
Of which Mark Thomas received seven hundred and eight) pine... me
Of which Menrs V. Crawford received four hundred and forty-three pie
Of whieh Dexter B. Bailey received four bundred and forty-three... 3
Of which William G. Esher received two Londred and fifty four.
bundied and 6fty -four.......
Of which Jobo 1. Hart recen ed two
And of which there were Scatterivg {08% vivenians
SPTRNTH PLECTION DISTRICT
That 1 appesrs on such estimate and canvass, that tha whole
votes gi the offices of Inmectors of Flection
mpg Ly 1 tLe Fifth Wand was four thou
of the Seventh Election District of 4.960
uD LIne LUnAred ANG BIETY coosernsnsinnanannnennssnnn ttt TE
Of which Fenty Miller received nine hundred and two... 0. ii
Of which Thomas Weaver received nine hundred and ninety-two. a
Of which James Fiddes received seven bundred and eighty nine... Kivi
Of whieh B A Pablman recived seven hindred and eighty-nine., iF
Of which William N. Kaker recerved foar hundred snd forty-three,, 445
Of whieh Ernist Hillman reesived four bundrel and forty-three... “3
Of winch Juhn W. Henpe recone two hundred and 8fty four... 254
Of whieh Cures Bond rece yved two hundred and Afty-door. ooo. 4
And of wiih Where were Seatbeng [PrP PTT TT TT
4,960
RICH PL POVION DISTRICT,
That it Appesrs on snc boston te ond CARYIRS, hint the whole nam
ber of votes given jor the olives of Ir Specie of Vlection of tha
Euhth Klwtion Datnct of tae 1th Ward ans four thonsand
mue hamdied and salve. ses atte rats HERES seerans RIE
2
Of which Bernard Flauigan reeeived wine hnrdred and ninety-two. wi
Of which Patrick Plahps reecived none hun red and ninety two... an
Of which Claus Puckbator recoved even hodre! aad ephty ne, T
Of which John Lo Whitton received seven hundred and eiphity-mine. THY
Of which Join Glenn received four hundred and forty three cone $43
Of whieh James Kehoe recived four hundred and forty three... “i
Of whieh John M. Willis received toe bunored and fitts-four....... 24
Of whieh John Opovke receved two huncred and BL four.o oo “Hd
Sud of which (here were Seattering 1 I srt rene tines 4
4,44
SICTH PIRACTION DIETRLT
That §t appesrs on nck cstin de nd ennvass (bot the whols anm
ber of votes zven for the othees of buspectos of Yieetion of tha
Noth Fleet Di treet of the Fife Ward was foar thousand nive
BULGE BILE SIBbY vaee a araii bea ate asiaatas 4.000
Of ated George A. Jinenes reeeivad rine hnndred ond ninety-two 972
Of whieh Alfred C.J Grohe receve ime hundred and ninety two W492
Of which Jeremiah Bar recenved eyen handred and eightymine. 769
Of which Conrad Kettner teceived seven bop ieed snd eighty-one, 7%
Of whieh Nuthsnie) 1. Potter reevived ur hanored snd forly tires 440
Of which Freen k C Eneeh receives four umdrod and forty thres 44.3
OF whieh Jubn Ke Kobertson received two bnndred sud Bt four... 254
OF who oh Wollman Rurnbam received (wo bundred and 814 four... 204
Ani of winel thera seatienng four
4, an
TRNTI RIVE TION DISTRICT
That it appears on ance eat pale and Cangas (bed the whale num
Lor of vars pave: op te otfiore ol Jnspeciors of tection of The
Peuth Bloeton Distro of yee Pith Wand was ior thousawd nine
bundred vd ~3ty...0 Le cress vesetshirasssererrinsssrrsnensss 4950
OF which George Salter reesicad nine lnndred and ninaty two. 7%
OF when Job 1 ay recerved nine hundred and ninety (we... 942
OF which James Kicrnan rece vedi seven hundred and oc ght wine... 709
Of whieh Geo. W. Mapon recerved seven hundred and cighty mine. THY
Of whieh Jaws Diack recs ved lout badred and forty unve  44)
Of which Bdwmed Od yer soeerv ea four a plied and tort three, 13
Of which Joseph Le Cos breil peoeiyed tao hutdied and wit four. 204
Of which Lows Porteer roconved bao banded and Wis Jour, A
Aud of which (Lore were Hoatte niu four L]
ao
IX WALD
pvr LRG SIO DsTrIeT
Ihob at appears an «neh eslinate vd canyacn that (he w! de amin
[er of vores ven dor Wie oftees of Lpectorn of Kloot on of the
Farst Vhoetion instrich of she mivth W wr! was seven thos
four bnn rod and Torty sig eines cetsedisinteassiis TAH
Of which Francom sherrdan received two thonsand nine bondred
Of which Dauiel Badtler received two housand ine howdre) sud
DIP cere crisosrisrrins ctachrenehe sen 3
Of which Lorevw Carey reerived five bhaudred and three... PP 1]
Of which Bev, Drosel urbe received hve hundred and hive. o.oo. HIN)
Of which Patrick BIS recorved Geo handed and tweet seven, on
Of which John loner reesed bao hunured und twenty seven... 827
And 0) which there acre deattering siz Firscietss f
Tah
BY on YEH TION Insane
Tia bunjearaar a Connie we TE EN the whole nom
ter of volom gen tor tie ofices of Togpec tons of 1 dection of the
Neoond ot Gov tol dee Bath Yard sas seven thousand
four Lunde d upd forty wit. “eres PPPTITIT Lo TAN
Of wh eh Owen Huot reeprved (wo thossand une hondeed and
en FP rtebei ein erges PTET ITT TEER
Of «eh bdwars Coppers rece end two theussud nine hondred sud
Cightve... PTTL tecesunranes ITI Th
Of Leh Pate) fobien rece ed tour Lupdred and ninety fie, ILE
Of whol John PP. shes reerved tows boidred and ninetefive 40
OF wb cl Michae) Costedo receiv te o bund ood and forty five... 240
Of ioeh Dears 3 osu ivun received 100 Liao red and for'y ive, 240
Aud of winch chery anne Seatlering a3. ou
Tin
THIRD RLRCTION DICTHT
Tras at ADPCATA OB Such Flier and ouLvhw Liab he aliale num
tar of cotesg en fon the offices of Trapeciors of Elle Gon af The
Thard Flection Disiret of the Hixth Ward was sven thousand
four LULL] Set BIBL) BIB. oo inir in ainnreiriiiitiaiiiiaiies sees T1408
Of which John Shea received two thonsand nine hundred and ninety 2,990
Of wineb Thewdore Fisher recersed twe dred sud
IDES. ovina Tm
Of which Dr. Kdward homas rece
reCocions.ivaneins TI TT I I IIIT
Of which Williaws Hartge received four hundred and eighty three, 4%)
Of which Timothy Linch reeecivad two hundred and 6Ry seven...... 237
Of whieh boant Metorane ceived two hundred aud fifty-seven... 297
Aud of ahich thers aero Sealloring sil on coin PETERS L]
T4400
VOLE PERCH ON INERT
That appears on so boosh and canynsa that the whola qum
Wer of cows g ven on the others of Luspociors of Klection of (he
Yourth lection VD oairet of the Sate Ward was seven thousand
four bundred sud MIRLy BIG ooo a ion coi riaine rire
Of which Bryan Qeoghan recaived two thousand eight bandred and
Of which James Quinlan received tno thousand eight burdred and
TALE LL SR “ees LIE TET YET ae 2,0
Of «1 ch beans C Sullivan received five huudied and thirty threa, 55
OF whieh Wisiam Clendemwing received Sve boadred and thirte
Jee Re rr TTT heat tians CEs 6;
Of uhh bdwar A Shag received thee huudred aud iwert) seven 20
And or alach Lvre more geablerning MEL Lees iiaiiieas LI
ER
“TH TIVITY ION msrp
hat appears on anch ealtmaue md cause «Thal the whole num
Peo ot ates aver tor Loe offers of Trypectorse! Flee an ot the
Yooh beet on iaiaet of abe Suet Ward was seven thousand
fous Duin oi mull MALY BIB esse inne iisinsniinsnnrnicnsscrnsnns TAK
Of whieh Thomas Xvan rece.ved two thousand rine handred aud
MEY. cnsnens IRR FE NNR
OF wh eh Thomsa Dunn receiv two thonsand noe hundred and wo
70 1 FP Censeresensreut Ceevene ETT IT TIT «200
Of wineh Georges W, Williama 1eceived Gye Lundied sud forty.
threo. TT. oii eute his siventeskrsseie retptnranacies. TAY
Of oe Joseph J. Duin rece ed Hive handred and forty-three 3
Of whack Bartholomew Fozgerald reconved two Lundeed sud forty
OF abit WH am Knherly cosine tan hunored and forty-seven... 30
Atl ou Wha e, nie de voaliefibg soa PETIT
TAL
SICYR RIPOTIPONY DIRT HIT
Pht 4 aptea= on auch etiman anc ea on tat the whale «gm
Wer af votecweren or ithe offces of inspec areal leetion of Hla
Sat bhoran Dero of the Sind Ward was seven thonsand
foo moored and Binks BIR oe iii III TER UL
Of whieh John Mullane receited two thousand nive hundred and
_AeVEDECD. ‘esenne ‘eutee 2911
O! whieh Richard red aud rer
ENLeEn. eee STITT eee BONN
Of which Daniel Moors received Ave hundred. ..ooo inno... "0
Of whieh Jobo DD. Lundy received Ove hundred. conn. LoL, ow bw
Of which Owen O'Connel) received three hundied and ©ocieen 310
Of which James Damnels received three handed sod thirbesn Jz
Aud of aliicls Der wee DCALWNUE MB. oor iaraeiii sirinsnnnni,
ETENTH RLECTION Distr,
That 8 Aptwenss on oc estimate and canvass that Ue abate oom
Ver of votes vou tor the offices of Tospectors of lection of Le
seventh blocon Dati of toe gth Ward was even iousand
four hundred spd sixty 88. o.oo PTT LTT TTT TI vom 7408
Of which Michael McCarty received two thousand eight bundred
and sesenti LoL. TT TIT PRR Seta i ster siunte 20
Of which Mictael I. Downey received two thousand eight hundred
A BCUBDEY. ci uauer sara aaa ai the baie ees 2.00
Of atueh Goibert Lowe received five hnpdred und forty eight, [31
Of which Alfred Walker received bee hundred and forty-eight... 0 G48
Of which Michae) 1. Sullivan eecerved three bundred sod twelve,,, 02
Of which Frank MeCue recaived three hondrad aud twelve He
And of which there wore BCALIODUR Sik. oo oovviiaiainrriiinii.y
0 LITA ODE eee
cauvass, that the whol Of which
K'ven for the offices of lospectors of f Mivelsdre.... 4%
t far L
che! received foar be y
Wy oflese of Lamecierns of Blocks of he
ANE 8 a sses
Twelfth Kiaction Diatrict of the Fisth Ward was wv (honsand
GILPME. ...ovonarriiirsiinsiiabisatasiaisines
A
Of which Patrick Haran recalvel two thensand eight bunderd and o”
four tho
for onsen
of Anon Henry Otten’ received (wo thovasnd eight hundred and
ot pp Richard C
Of which lsasc Huligsa
srs:
3
i.

which Thomas V,
8 which Prank MoGee received two hundred aud forty-eien...... 121)

Aud 0 vilnch 1hore wore boath ring mk. RPP 1]
s rocelvad six handred and three.
received ss hondred md three........... 663
ry received two bundecd and forty asvon.. U7
wl
That tt appe rs 00 auc extim ele and vas, thal (Le whole nnmher
of vans g von for the oficea of Inspectors of Kiection of the
Phgeenth Klection Distact of the Sixib Ward was sve thon.
aees
anand four hundred and Sisby sil... ooooiiiniiiiiii cin 148
_
Of which Thomas Carrol! received (hres tionsand four hurdied and 3.4
rr Am TRY cers 3)
Of which ‘I bomas Quinn received two thonsand nine bandied and
OVEN. resus onnaree RRR we
Of which George Y. Lanigan received five hundred and sixty three. wt
Of which Willsnm Hearty received two hindred and xigty.......o00
Of wbreh Michael Dwire received two hundied and sinby........ "ee



i=
And of which there were Seabtering ms...
2,907
POURTRENTA RLROTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on such estimate sod canvass, tual the whole mum
ber of vo os given fpr the ofle-s of Inapectors of L'echion of the
Vourteenth Foection District of the Sixth Ward was scven thou
sa: d tour hardred and forty mx... Ccerserasrssrssrstsreess TUS

2
Of which Thomas W. Casey received two thonsand nine hnndred
91M
Of winch Kichard Knabe received two (housand nine bindied sud 20)
RMerssisarrssnrrsaine PP TT TT TT ada susvesnivere 2p

oo
Of whieh Thomas Melotyre 10ceived tive hundred and sixty,
Of whieh Patrica Smith received five hondred and sixty... «.oon

Of which Jecob Vrieiand received two hundred and bfty........... 2.0
6 1
OF which Michael Shanghnesy received two hundred wnd Bity
bud of whic ge Wore SOaArIng ME. oe PERRIS

SKVENTH WARD
VIRAT RECTION DISTRICT.
That it appenrs on snch estimate and canvass, that the whole Ann
ler of votes given (or tw oilees of Tuspectors of Election of the
First Vee on Distr.ct of the Beventh Ward was ten thousand
ciphit Lunared and bao. co oinrrnnniinnins beer esssar anne
ih

Of which Patrick J. Mollally received four thousand two hunirsl
iY cule
and fortv-eaghb. .ooooiininiininiinnanns ‘aig at TITER
Of which Thomas Hossion rece.ved four thousand one bundred snd
Of which Yow rd Carroll received one tionwanid thie buidred md
Of whieh Samuel W anen reeaived one tin
OF which tice were Detective Beveh. covveieiiens seer
And of winch there wore Beatlering nine... ovine vir snan Y
8
artv-e cen
wa

on
1,02

WPCOND RIEMION DISTRIOT,
Flat 18 acre ard an «nch edoanate aid cans ede tal the vw hole nam.
rol soieapaen tor ties hecsof 1 sjprciors of Livan of the
second lection Distr ei of the Aeventh Ward was ten thousand

i

Clgrt humdicd Bd IVE. coi pies ines bea 1080
Goan
Of which Anstin Melinle received fonr @honsand two hnndesd and
Ce do
foriy-mght........ ai eves resevecareuravenisnssnansssanes $083
Of which Cornelius geully recived four thotsand one hondrod and

ive Sailors
EZ UE.L IEEE A ‘ied crest sussssesavsvey S150
Of winch George Young recuived one Ciousand thiee huuired aud
forty two ‘eis errr bn bl CeResrr bse en “e coe 1,043
Of winch Petrick J, O'Brien received ove (houssmd and twenty
reassess
three... oo coon
OF srich here there
And of abich Logs Were Sealer, nine. FIR PORARI serine
To,
7,48
PHIRTAENTH RLPOTION PIATHICT
cre Deteeihie Bev en. oie Sassheneiy 7
—_— E'S]
9
THIRD MLRCHION DISTRI?
ves a
FEAVAT Appears oft ancl er LnRle wind Canvass boat the whole nom
Wor ol sues @en tof Lie offices of Tuapeetors of Becton of the
Did Beet an Detect of the sovenih Ward was ten thousand
woven hundred and oZhiy eaghle coins erases iisirsasaies 10,748
oe gi

Of which John Toa) received four thonsand two hundred and forty.
nu
CII ceri rtririisnciiinsntiriiiais cantireeesirnnrinnivnsein 488
oh Cssevttey
Of winch Thoias Twiney rece ed four thou and one hundred and
HEP
x b 4 ded
Of winch John Casey recened one thousar three hundred and thirty 1.080

OF which John Patebell, ji eoeerved one thousand wud cighiteen,.. Luis

Of there were De foc ive Leven es ees teds resriatEISe 1
And of which Lara are Seatlenng win rriees 9
1,31
POY ETN TY OTION DIRT

ss ss
Fifteen Disteet the V8 biota

Phat 1h appears ob Delica HAC adc OF sa th 1 the whole nur
er ob solem avon ur bo of en or gweciors of Rleeaon of the
Vourth tloeton Dostre of the Seventh Wad was ten thousand
caght hudred and nel... ine een baserenss A082
y ey Lm

Of when Woltiam J. (FY Connor received fonr thousand two bandred
C0 E
And fortv-ehht. o.oo imei siesies sais caraariiraanes “248
Of wineh Wala Colligan ocr ved fonr thousand ove buntred aud
2aanrins t N
ived ube thousand bree bund red nd 12m
Co owvenly AE... 4,17
Of wineh Janes WH. Loy le re
thiriy five... ooo aes xv antis tars tstere WR pli)
OF sue Laae Tromp reerived one thousand and thirty seven 10g]
Of whoed (here wore DOlvetime woven ooo iiiiieiie in anaes 7
And of abach there wei scalls fog wie... ‘ees ene Ww
uid
FIV FLEE ION DOF

ii
LI y Jb
That Lgpoetry wm auch toma and canvas, tal the whale nam
i su. vf
Weer ot sutea zoen tor the others of Luspectorns oi 1oection of Lae
wr
ith Bleep Ine rot of the Sevouth Wand was ta thowsa d
@ven bundP d avdagrety these... PR PPP TTT TT nT
Gill es i
Bua
Ob which James Kyan received fone tumsand three hundred anlsiz 4,000


Of wh eh Robert Garter ¢eecovel one Lions nd one Lanored ang
Shbraransrnnisnns 4.151
ARIPLY ONC ausrinicnrinine ‘en tus srisensesni
OL which Charies Bennett received one thousand throes Lundred
and thutr-ihiee ITT 1 1 Tap prop ery “er 100
Of winch Fraoeis Bb, roe recived one thousand and seven. .ooooonn LOT
Of whieh ere were Delvrlive sven, “ines RIT 1
Aud of which Jiao a cir DCallePUgUILG oo oour vavininiinniin an 9
10,3
SIKTH RIFOCTION DISTRICT,
Chabot appears of mi tate ald cans aes tat the hate nnine
IH top wen forthe alice of Tusportors of vole el the
wath iceton stot of the seventh ward was bo how and
[ETE RU ER RL RR ET rT 1h 750
Of which Dennis O'Neil received four thoosand two Lundred avd
forty -vight...... ITT tor entuses conte ts rrese nersansnerass Goi
Of whieh Lawrence Darke received four thoussnd one huudre and
MVELP-BIE ocr ars aanar asa ssesssssesnsssanssrssnsrnsse $178
Of which Grorge Mcliraun receive one thousand three wndred
And BIEL FONE. ouiuniiairrrersisnsnininiiiis ssasanvenes 1,000





a
8

d
oe
aha
y
Of whieb Willian (1. T'way received nine hundred and seventy-six, ib
Of whieh (bere were Deiccbive oven... Arey nes vrivesy 1
And of which there were dabtenng nine... crseunsb ere Fores 9
Jo.
An Lai
ARVRNTH FI ROTION eins

wa
Lo
hat it appears on auch estimate and canvass thet he aho's now:
Lei of vers goel for tin wiices of bo peciors of Bleetion of the
Wooton stat of ve seventh Said as ten thous nd
I n
.e M
es
sven hoidred and seventy eight oii vesovseneen i KTH
2)
Of which Jobin Donohue reecived foar thousand two handred and
forty eM. sssurs i iistsiise. ini naans sressassensravecess S348
a et
1 and 2
Of whieh Daniel Hanoa received four thoassod one bundred sud
fe
Of which teeorga Kimmens received one thonsand three bupdred
BE LR A LS PP EP PPR FRPP sreseniss Jo
Of which James 1. Brady received ume hundred and ninety ove... Wl
Of whieh the were Defective seen oui iin is aricanrans
And of whith ‘Lske were DCatberibg vio. cuiiiii cerrireieieas 9
i,
TES 1
om i
1 4} ons. Fr d 4
i.
LO on
bh

v
RIGITEM RY COON (ISTHE
That It appears on sch sptionote abd cant ass lit (he @1ols sum.
ry
ber of votes coven for the othees of Inspectors of Yacction oo be
Fo btu Flection Distrtot of the Seventh Wad wes ion donsand

oeveh Bani red ud BIBS 008... oovnrininnriiinrireiinaissnsiens OTH
Of whieh Robert A Jones received four thonsand two hundred snd
ily Suen tur
1 35
our th ia
TL 2] 1 PP Sp PPPTRTTTITI IIIT 4,248
Of whitch Pavrick H. Stewart recens od four the nwod ove hundired
Al HFbY OBB. ais oii crnaaari ca asain sresveseonsy $338
O1 which William 0. Davis received one LLoBw i three buodred
seni C1
Of which Patrick Wo Leyden received ove thousand and sig... Lon
Of whieh there were Deloetive seven... Rs tive es 1
Aud ab ahuch dere were Scale tog Vile. Leas oe 9

ss

tal
use
NINIW I RCTION DISTT
PVal Apt ALA On SOC cst ath any any, oo the whode nom


wer of cnt ow gen for tue devs of Bespectans of ecto of hia
Nod boot dnsiret of the Seventh Ward ass ten tional
seven bento d and cighty eed... Geskbstterstrsbsesas he
1
Of whieh Thomas MeCarty received four thousand two hundred and

wie
Mer ol a
sittestithte..occnus Senet atissat iis inetisabetressstor tases 4,208
Of whaeh rancid J. Hawkes received foas thousand one hundred
Of which Michael Purcell raceived ous thousand thive bunired aud
Of which Archibald Benvert reoriyed one the nsand and twenty-two 1,022
Of which there were Detvcive sven 0 LL, hess trary 4
And of which thers eee Seal ering DIES Lilia J
iv, 84
san “i
4,15 atten corer S383

re t,
ce
saens
co Ah
wil

TENTH PIR YIoN IaTenery,
THAL of appears on ancl fst nate oul farvasa tint the wholes am
ber wn cules Rie) Jor the others of Tuspeciom ol Election of (oe

tbo
ep tey inp
Cent Lhotion Patric of o> vert Youd wns on theuean!
oe ven husared and ef bty-mioe o.oo. 10,749
Of which ames Reilley received foar thonsand two hondrad and
fll
vy


forty-eight. Sestncis resins TOTTI TTT TI re
Of which William Hogrn reosivad four (boussud one hundred sud

BRVCULY MIE «tees sesssetsssssssnrse shad sss srtsst 40ssesssssny seas 4,170
Of which Michael Quinn received une thousand tarce bondied and
vr wh


winty-four........ Casstssrssitaus tpt erssennsvnssurrsssrasarsarse 3,000
Of whieh Bugene O'Sbay recoaved nioe hundred sud eighty five... "gos
Of whieh there were Defective seven... HSER IIR ey
Aud of winch there wore dealtering une. I rT TY TT
i
i _

TAT
FIEASE NIM #100 TION HIRTRYT,
Of whic
Of which W receive n nine ai
ne ahcey. ee or
Of whisk there were Dei
PIPTRENTE SLAUYION DISTRIUT.
bl “pian
Fileentlh Kicobon Ihstngd lugoe al Eh
in Rf
FIat tanpesrs on such on eal and caivras, that the whole un
bet of cores c1oen of tos clive dnsoecior of Jleition of tla My twa... 3 VeTLEPREYSRR
10,002
a ram NEE)
sural Sud Le Cuby-fOUr. oo 1,024
14%
soven bundrrd and ssrnaty fow. wvansrnsrnnens3 Oye
Of anieh Daniel A, Murphy reocived four thonsind two handrod and 8,
A]
Of which Jn J. Twigg reeisy

rare IEEERE TERE
seventy omg... verannes By
Of which James’ Donovan Teorived ons thoussnd "fon hundred aud
which ‘Thomas 18, Balla oor: od dred) 1 twin; fre. oh
Of which ther were Defact ve het pane un oh wd EET) 7
Aud of which tiers wore beat ering nite. 9
10,074
SIXTRANTI 11 #TION DINTRICT
THAL it aprerrs on wich catimale and canyans, (1 9t the whole num
Lerof voea ven tor the of cov of nape torm ot hieeton of the
Rivieenth FVolon Dininct of tha Bey enti, Ward was ten sonond
o0V0n Bubd1od AUS UNIbY coo vcvvininiinens cenane caneionsens 0TH
Of which George J. lirown received four thonsand two hundesd and
forty-eight... ..oovcns srvasninncrninness Lo 42
Of which Fdwani J ‘Pitspatriek recent od fonr thonsand one hundred
Lo is 1 Tp cress 5,098
Of Which Dillon unbar 1s eived one thousand (hres bundred and
MINORY BIR ess erssrnssnnnnnsnnsrs
Of which Witiam O. NP VY bt hand ed and ‘muety fone MN
1
Of wine there wera bl elecave moven..
Aud of whooh theo ware Besbienng ninF.o... 0. oo.
14h
1,79
ARVRNTRRNTH RLKOTION DISTRIOT,
That 1b appears on sues eshunaie and Guava s, tha’ the shole yom
her of voles given for the odices of ber or ot Plection of
Seventeenth ihociton Dsteie of the Severs vari was tou tho
wand seven hundred and twenty ix... TTT ns
Of which Angn-tus W. Oliver received foar thovannd two handed
nod forty ight eee RARER AA
Of whieh Danie) (Viren received four thunsand one "bas dred and
RIG LIET PTR ree RARREEEIARRS ERS 40m
Of which Thomas Dol 0 11 4 Dive Liinaanii Loree but orb asl
TR TU TT TE EE LIL HRY]
Of which Samoel Mami: AL vee awed mine busied and (4 iny-twe, ve bs
Of which there vere Dotechive av n “rossases H
And of which bLors were doa eo, urs.
1, ie
PUOMTEENTI PLE TION DISTier
ThAL It appears om wich estimate and canvass Hit the whole oom:
ber of vouea goes for the oes of Bupocions of dare ao of fon
Fighteen'h boeetion Distoet ol fhe Seven di bond san teo ton
aund seven hundred and tuniby-ergbbe coven ons "et 10,7m
Of whieh Joeoh I, Valentine reenised four A tao hundred
and forty, Lt, PPP ESAS TRAE RANEY sense NAR
Of when blichnel Gas v ave ved our thousand one butuid and
[YE ZR I SEEN POE PE 4.17
Of wea George Nethereo n r PIY met honsar.( two Lani red and
tnrty-one...... PPP regitttrt shressnor Joi)
Of winch Willian Hogin vive thot and sty. wy... L,07T
tessaeaces
2,44
Of wie there vee Deed ve seen, ores
Ad OF WICH BLLre ats DU UTE Thats sannvnns see oe
10,433
NISKIRPNIN RLICTION p70 01,
That it apranrs on cok atone au convass boat de whole nam
Vet if 30 vs v sen tor the oon of bospestors of Election of the
Niet en i hoetion Dos ocd of the deveith Waid was ten ba
threw Lutwied nad aint oo Qe, rarsanrns
0,8
bod
LET
Of which Henry A. Purly received foor Qonsand and fourteen...
OF when Wil tam Ravan ho rece sed tee dion wie Lovurnd
ANA LOR AWO annie: oi ninrrar airs reas
Of which Wiliam Guy “eer id one Looas and two haar. wl 4 anc nue books
OF whe Mein Keb seocned vue Gwunsins oe busied ud
eit igh resins TRERY IRE
Of worn tv
Aud ol whak
were Dei HOVER se sorssere
it wr re Dalle, BIE a aes
Lu, wi)
PVIGETIT WARD.
YIRT RILCITON PLTLLT,
That 1 appears on auch estimate and convras th the w' ols som
Ler of co en pine dor the cles of bo pectors of Jo bol the
Dirt Fini bostind of We bhaghth Waid was cpl hoiad
IRIY Ive ees dd LIAS Ah A
cht Lunes and
Cf nbieh Jumes Caulfie 1! received tao toward eght Lurdird and
ehty two,
Ot whieh Lawes: ce Vinnexnu Lecoived the Lous. ud e a Landed
TT ET TT ST 1
Of whoeli Abrabam NS. Barn iw prs ised re thon nd two Lindred
and eght...u.... 1,28
Of wiki l Geo. ge
20
PEL] of vue th
LT TL SA FETT PPT TT TT Br sid
0! whieh Linas d Lawiea eee ved two hwdr d 50d 01 Liv -mine..
OF whieh Luke Clark veenion bao nnbdred slid cigh'y mas. oo. vo
Of which George B Dean, jr, recor od lonty seven. ooooos
Of whieh Jacon B Kiley scene A seananrses 41
OF whoo there waa IIe Lie 0 Fane coniaes corrrmneins L]
And of which thon to Seating 0’ py BO cs rrsarsrsrnnsrsrss a!
bw
APCOND PLPCTION DISTRICT,
That it appearn on Auch oatimae and canyons thak the whole nm
bor of oso gaven tor the wil Ine ecivraot ble Loe he
Fovond Becton Doeones of the Faghth Warm was e501 snd
ight bwnuted wud eigbily Bye oan srssreasussrasnsserssn BM
Of whieh Charles Clerk recessed tan tinvgand e Kh Lnrdred and
gh two... exvtrevsorevsn sunaen LUNE
Of which Nelson Ww. Yow i" Tecrives ol to thourand [N eit Lutiied
JY LT VIR ppp senses BQ
Of which ours Gow vores werd ube hows d Lun dre! ante ight, bus
OF whieh Jubii Pandey reece done thoasnnd two burabi J a git 1.22
OF wineh Wilkam 0. Nasu roc cved Cao bonded and oghty-ome.,, 28
Of whieh Junin Seo 1ocervend two baodred aid OZ lites, G01
OF whoeh William 0. Noble, Jr, vecened forty soven...
GF whieh George Linklooh evived forty seven. oes
OP whoci abe «owas Detec ave
Aud ol alibi Gris Weis Jeala Tiny silly (AO eines sesrnn
CHIR REVO TION DEER,
That iLrppenes om scl bon ce and ensue, tear the whole nom
mt 0 vues given dor tue ollicca of bogpeniors ob Blog on of tee
Thard lection beton of the Bagh! Ward wis axl ousend
Gib hutirod and Cigliy WvBe erie rire
RR
Of wheel Abraham L. Ve wer recortsed tvo tuned eight huodred
PUREE TI LT PTT TIL
OF wth William Wall or aed Wo Lo od Ci he bundred ‘and
cxbivtwo A Lh ht ddd 2,342
OF whack Frank Mart n reel “one thousand two bundre and
2 ne
coum NE PE Nr Aer PT rT eons J 208
Oiwhoel whet In Th ees ved one hon a" two honored and cizht, 1,204
Of whol Joan J. Madicorns received two buodeed and ciztity-une.. 249
OF wiih Jones Hawos reer ved two busdr Jd and CR une ....0 ZY
Of which Jane MH. Sounder rece sed forts seven, o.oo.
Of whieh Alfred Gevduey received forty seven........
Of which there was Defective one
And of which ther: were Scattering
orty to Ano. GAIN
o Forryin BLECTION DISTRICT,
That it appears on such mats convass, that the whole nom
ber of sutes given jor the olices of Tuspee Jeetion of Le
Fourth Kleeton Bistrier of the Fight Ward was eight thousand
eight hundred und e1gULy BVP... out vu virainnniinssssnanssnase, 3,087
of
Or which Daniel Kelley received two thousand e ght hondrad a
IER AWD srr vanasnssusvisssssn star shsunhnsss ans srsruss 2,852
id
Or which Jolin Welle recoivis! two thou-and eight hundred: an
vhs two... ET TT TO OE OP TE 2,682
Of which Grorxs A. Cui ham re luousand two bu ized
and right, vers cewsans
Or whieh “harles Bind Tuan “preeinad one thousand two bus
Aud eight, TT
Of which Thoipas D. Wi u nie reerived "two hinoideed
Of which Peter huntz roeeive! two hundred and egh
Of whieh James Web rece ved (OFty-m vet.
vip iy nine
{TCP
OF which Thoma H Congr LL
Of whieh there wan Def oo raves
Aud of whaeh thers were “cating rk AWO......, PPP PPTTPRTPRT I
R40
FEO PEFAOTION DISTRICT.
That ot appanrs on such fae wid canvas (hat the whole «om
ner of ceies aver forthe otiees of tuspectors ol Election of (oe
Pethidecr on borer tie bagbith Ward was echt thousand
TLR SRE FS AR sernirencs reransness 5.909
Of whieh Joli Kelly recerved two thous ud ight bundret and
eigh'y two... vrrsnenyeansns SENS
of which Lew wis seh te preeived Cho thousand crpgot hundred and
TUR LLIEES f PT Tr TR hn TIA PR pe verse D803
of koh George Ww pe nh in receiv md he Wn aus wd tye handed
FL TPP TEL 1.202
Of which James uy Lewis rece, ved olr ro sand two Landieo aul
echt...
Of whieh will am i M rs pee vod tWir hanes ard eighty-uim 59
Of wheeh Charis Loaner veo ved tan hunted sud ely vue 09
Of whoo William A Numa recorved farts seven oan. Ls 31
Of wich Frares s Lnwbirs goeenved tort seven, IN
Of ab ev Sie wan le ecine one, crsnINEIS i
And of aluch there ware Nec tte ang Harty ihe. Lo 3:
8 hits
DASETEE JR 25 ENA BRU ER Bh
That ot sppeass on re 0 od ean oee, oat the whole dune
wi belo. Choa dh vi lise
Nisth w ot h W\
eight hugore d aid #Ighiy tive, sisssiassanans
OF whieh Thomas Besser received two thoumnd eight hundred and
CICtIY WO. er. TN TD re siti insnyesrr SBR
Of wheel Samwnel C0 Mot reorined tao onssud gb bounded aod
vichty two, reas
Of abich Duel Wi ones reese one Lions
2.082
wl two linn red
[3 xh TET sen seman
Of wich WV a nn yi Winans received woe thonsand two Sundred
wid wight Cer RERIEES sebsarnens cress 3,008
Or aul a WL Love wremved the bid aud oe Lt one, BA
Of whieh Noes
Of whooh Dev ds Wendle pres ved torioseven
OF wach Heoay bu bob teonpyed foity seven 4
Of whieh Lee was Dteetive ope,
Aud of aluch thee we ow Sealtorig uy two, oo oi Ad
AFERLTH RT RCTION DISTT
The' 14 appears on inva tar lie ahole
wr  auten given tur the off
of usp ctor of Fue tien or te
peverth Flecoon Posact on the Ligh Want was cicul eose 1
vigbis hud red sud ei lity Gwe RETRY 3
Of whet James Moran received two thonsend enn Lt undre dad
ciehty two... seavane Taba 2.887
A asian Ine Fardnrt worsiveil: tee thomieasit: ui Tut Reatubro ehh
James Connelly d ove ad four b d and
ouch esllimste asl fev. that the whole unm
es of vole. grves or to sho of Blesuioa of
y i A ETE TR Middle A AGIA Tad Sat a A A Yo shes 20
Sheventh owt on Dotnet of the ove co Ward wee ten thn oF "which Thomas G TRY nr Tove piv ed ove thousand two li red ne
LMR
SAUM vee peveived two gud ed amd ight ioe, 000
aa r—————— ne
of no Chartes Lined ren gS 100 hondre snd cishty win, “eee: 0
vi hb Limerick Bae iweler veesod two nuded and a Ty.
FOF whieh iaiwerd A Niehaln rece ved forty aven y
OF which Warning 1 haven roinvel Jory maven
Of wheel there wan Defective one... hog
Ard of which thors wem beatles ng tainty to» "Essrns
4
FIRYPAIH RIPOTION pisTR oop
TY ab sprears noanch eo tpate ado vans, thal the ahole nam.
Ler of Wg? for the off on of Ins eetorm of ieibon ot
Fleventh hee con Dotnet of (he kagith Ward ay em on
sand eight bn dee! amd eaghity Sve. LLL LL yo
Of whieh Henry Linglea ieee. co (v0 thon
mehly two, TTT moar wi wih bun'red and
on wh Joiners WM. Vum received tan thommind eight handed 1a
Of wi. oh loatiimites George reecved one thneand yg Womised i 1m
OF wach Gear e \W, Moyers ieee ved one thonsas two bi Ares nud I”
Of whol nod Walker voce von two hundred and Ay ne Ie
Of whch deb A Valier venisod two bnfdicd and 00 ppm “a
Of whieh William bAwards roemised forty gee, Le
OF which Gearge in ombail reemsed oily seven, n
Ovi ore vog Inforive ope
COAL wel thore wero bealbenny tingly Vso,
—e
TEPIPIN YLYOTION Dieyey op #5
Vimtat appears on ued eat te ar anya. 1 be whivke bm
toro vites giver for the oicosof bijv ar 0 Ft of
Povedfh bhecsion Dh tiet on the Loghin War oo a 00, io
Copbbini ur Dad lark bwn, evan 1872
s
Of whieh “Thomes Nellynn rowed tun tioned obs tomes
1 OF wiveh dohm Powell receryed two thomad ot Lyn a ad 8
gi hw
Ot winch Dame Tyreell recewed oom Showsan' Loar be ot 2a
tity fonr,.... 1 ase
pO whieh Advm Roeih scce sed one tones 18a lon nd deny ug
Of whe} 1 raine: 4 baton modsed bao bas ou 1g rite.,
Of whieh Avosandor hoceh second borty soya... Zs
Of wine ht Abana Bemired non 1coned forts wa
th [9 r 4 Sdd LY)
bot wena bd Te
Ard ot wz citer were coir ng th ity tan u
VIET ANTTI EPCVION an Tr or
[1 Reapreure Ve Oy whe anh onan VO rem
Fhirtor sth owe rom District of the Bb Vmod was
LUT TRU POY TO SEV LURES sees 180
Of whih Latest divorman roveowod 190 Moyer bo ob fy rag
aut een ine, rim
Of whee swalbam Coo received ton in ae
i Lal" 4 1M we 7)
OF whieh Drecapan ¥orim re ene] gee thy, vou i
Of wlicn Witiam dG, La reowised oon thoi. ud tan iu po syd 1a
[TR Ta ow
OF tah Angew Bdont 10 Bera voi bis A 4
vine,
OF win bt 1 vm Pepin eon od La boron ad a
tw dames tires rece e dl r.

ol Wathen Vo bua YR] vera, pe
(UTTER TILE a VE A ER “wo
Abu ol wliith Lor woe 00a Wy an M
PRE
ear od id BN be I r
Thai tat ardor sir soul v1 eo 0 wt
LY
wenriowtio birn Bhatren of fre}
BALD lve atid ey “a vy
or
Of wiih Jolin Barclay pocerved two haus i A Letied and
fh viuch Soran bh Lobe we “iat wid
iy Two. 2, 1
twink found Joes ged £8 ore hous vd ows Lu tes
Ol wich deo. BV rinse vt 2 red
anl epht 1m
OF Cinek lim Tho (LN oe J
CRTIRNY (TTA REET 4 i RTE RTO RO CA IL TO EUR a y i or
vio Wt sr equi e wea tw ‘ou
Of vba Charedis bi, dub areca or am TA
Of whieh the was ble ct on i
And of abu Ura wore >oatler LETT
Pe
LT ad ih AR] ON Tra LY
COAL tt ape ars On ane estan e and va ew oulae nom
ero yote, rau rut eld sel BE
Bui 0h Landi apa igh uve $s RE)
Of which Thomes Conary aviv two ty REARS BR AEE ITY
Ot wowel Jolin 1, Qo binder povoved two Cored vi 8 Lan pd
ved o chy Lom, tsrrrrse or 2mm
OF which shomns Wo Baled rec anc tenet aust Coo nm od sud
Of wiih Cadden Thompaon ceo on timand too bur fred
OF witch George Wo, Bets gece ced toa bapdond aig 5
OF air We itam J. With rereived tive handerd vid phe ine... #1
Cntr dada hviarewy tt we Pa iy 4“
OF chen Wilram bh bers teaned inl ~even, “o
OF war! oan Ieliet ae ore, I]
Ard ol wluws wir ewe oslo i, nat bse
OATLEN hh KET aN us
4 Bor ool Vokes L100 IF Hie Chive i ri X sha
oat enti Ke Cou Dine ot be oaltva vo
dood cg baer aud e ght rea on
ET ch eal Malian meee sod kwon Hoos le ETPTY
4 that BW, sas sunnsrsnsnsrrrranns Nt Agata try
CO wun Go ALL Goliey pooned tao Lien ade i ed wd
#2 ay tao. EI ODI R 8
CC hoch Joseph XK. Butler recived ore thou tao liam! sil
OF wile William by 1 onpmon mec sed cov bat an und
elk oR EB ess srnsrriinnsrnriininnes 'rn Lo Lm
Of whieh Jorn FH, Jaca oe pee ve two owren die bn oe, E
Of abich Juba Bast oporos ved ree emi da Log yy vim 21
O0 whieh Kober IR Carpe depend be cow ven v
Of whch Hooam Luades foened iu Los oh "ee v ’rer Ny
Of nel dim ase vl opr, ‘os 1
And of WS 0D LLent vole pCa Lp BEY WLLL ae ee B
is
4 ROVENTI NTH RL ato Be)
Toot bappeans  Oauc osteo nin wT)
To oan Agi on fof Be wliers oh 1 ‘io
Seventeen th Bleetion Poteet of too
thoumaied wr gob bai dred ded eaghiy fivessses ry a]
Of which Chizstian Bans ree ised tae thom de bore od
Ot witch Luse UC, Groaes pooeived fae do su doo wn tus on
IRIAN IWR so snsnsrusrsvnnrursysans sn -2vssr ars
Of whieh Patrick Kelly recessed one Coussrd con ound aml
Of which Lorenzo Bowmer rove’ ved «ue tous 0 Loo had dans
Of which Robert A. MeCredie reece ol too nino. on Doe 3
Of whieh Koney Boliner soe boc two bummed sod a obit we
OF which Alonzo Bliss reecived lort woven... eer Wt
Of which George W, Boi trl crore veal 108i 00th oes res
OF which cheer was Dole ive 000. eros vernnnn ts 1
Aud OF whieh there wore Seattle Ug (hidy cao. ..e
“4
FIOM TENTH FLINT fst yg
That it appears on oe oni ata Can ok ane whole nom
terol votea vermin: ch oar vi epics of Blech on of he
bochiven bob boetion Ine of Vie brio Ward soe in
ria ght in of and oe Za owe serrrnns varus HARE
OF whit tharles A Gaitn ver srl toe Lanse d mL burdiosd
wiwt 0 ght lwe Las A zny se Bit
OF view Carat dn Goran weed tao tosesand 61 00 bowled
OF whiea stephen G, Coos vo wot Cone Lament two Eup of sod
OF wiooh errs Doern peee ye’ con Low and Conbon nando tt a
oF whiter Livard Goliscler mee ved tan Lonimad le tty owe, "hy
OF whooh Pra cis Bose 0 vewe ao nied oe iy ru
Of wiveh toons WL bravmga roe dd bei eo Ih
Ore eh Fruk Mocer woe tor cae nr a snss 4
OF witch op owes Iie (nie 0
Aud OF Aba bi La@e voi Neabin Dug iL, sree ey ars k
4
NIAVITENT HL Pf ON ser
Frat si porwrrm on» boda I. ti Veo ram
bar od tomem ninety dor the wT TIPRT Coen
TERY ER 2 2 NRL IVRETT VIRRRL RIE BLUE PFI FUR
FTE RETILE LH LL IAN FAS CL CAP 133
OF abioh James Dunn doers twa thorn al oot dud od wd
eality tion, 2
OF wiveh Henry Ohegle ree yeitae boas tent bocabind and S
rE sesensss wort on 243
OF winch Ihivie A, Khobe rece tod one tho ond 90 Lubind sin
OF whieh August Selvedt coos vido thensand tan borin od
Of with Madsti Mo Clans tee tn dvoid egud we ny
Of shack Narree BL Mutieusnoe tian Joanlenhivealin AH)
OF wineh Vllbow UL Carpe nts pee torts ere srrsann 7
of whch dobin BL Mele oom od iE mY Daanss crave BY
Of want wna Meo wn aT ‘ors
Nua of RYPIRLICY {EUR TH T8 TEU SER MAT J J TY AAP rares 2
4-9
Toes SET LE "nT
ATR O TT ws a! te whule nom
hess bo PETE eiimin wn RTT NL
a IIRL OW wager how
tat bi,
PPRRTRE PRT SS TTRL AN PRUE 1) yh srsnan we wennenes BI98

OF cba) 41 tea Suny arom ohne nt ch bat od ard
Ot wu tl dates Jolson vee ve (ue hold bel TT a 5
hy AR... dennien a A 2
Owe oh Van A, Moos oven vey wie thetioad E80 DUA
i whoeu Walla FP Foard proctyed ons Lisi o hin
0 nbich Jor pt Baer ove nan Do bo nitor dwn tel ty He. fort
wb Viet Lh aeeern en Ions uodinsh Auth ably Ling, aon ad
OF Whit domes Cob 00 Fee ined 1 SEAR, aoa annsnranrans pi
of woah 3 ham 0 Beostied coin th Sorby om Argan ee
0 whieh taeie wos Bh Dow ve ig 'ar .e 5
Anh ol whoh cavey were desi pg thir) nee, uae v bid
i,
Tenth Kiection Distoict of the Kighth W
HES ehich Thomas Bogan received two thousand eight busdred and
of buy. gd dn band wad
of BINS et see ea ew buadrel
and Ty LTTE sesesesernene
Of which Josoph Newby receives ene thousand (we
OUGULLu uy) or aa 10 atatt AUAMARSRARERS 080400010 RILRLII NAMI I ISS
Saliv #0. Cl duu red suid S8Tenlecn. Shasssise e1kh leet
rm 3172 Of wink livre! THE F500 3 PP
at n 1
Of which Thouas Shes received four thonasnd two boodred sud 7h Mes snursonrer nen prnrinnens one UNSW, re di {20g
Ll a TEE PP Pry PT PE TT TPT PP OF VLIieh Thmmeh Folhamns saceivid the lonivad 1s yr
Uf Shieh Johs Whalen revived fuar thoussnd one buwred vod Of witch Wiliam ha received tao ods hyve fmt br Bite Lt
IY 0DF. vin iniinn OF which Abraham WW. Pull'o race oul forty ses Wein na
Of which Wailaca Hunter receive: one Wousaid three Wiadrei and AIT Of which John Caranbell received fort seven Hg 1
Thirteenth Flection District of the Neventh Ward was ten thon. I t NINTH J PINERIY
dA 1
sand seven hundred aud seventy-right. woh there was Defective one,
rer,
LES OF which there wep Detect ve one $rsnnes sens
[1 J
IYER E ETE ARTERY
2,082
383
1.909
138
Of which Williams in Wanl Sockived "wo bundred’ sad dart. ya Aud of whieh heer Seiten M err a ihe Eabre are On neh stom te cio ass that (oe whole now
Of wiach there were Defective seven... ooooaien ve uy er of Sule veh for ibe too! hos wet sol Fhe of de
Aud of which thare #6rs SCAUPFING WAC... 00. os Partaue ac Fo enty-aink 4 0t on Bhat ann abe Ripidh Wan wan cil O08
"Tomo J Ed TE I BCE a Lh ui
That Proton PL inN eres Be
“rs val ot appears an sal est 0 ine 1 Nl f wor
That it TWRIPTH BI PCTION DISTRICT, Wi OL 4 ee i y vin i" ful Willey vootivnd wn Sowtnd right bundoed sad 2
Abit appears on such catimnais gid canvas? that he wit Biv on Iisteies of the flighan RI of y oe oy 3 Aru 4
bee of voten kiven tor the offices of luspeciors of 1 dryole new cht hoodie pe Rit, ig bis Want wom wight thoninan Ld a oh Pid ox mo vel tue tnousai sth Danetind and
Twelfth Fieetion Disteret of the dovenll Ward was wu ised fe. gol ry M
Sev eh BPO Ad HEV EUI] CU ves rresstrsromrns sas servensver LTTE Of whiod Willian M. Kas essen om thusmsid eh ih ah UF wl Hh ape) Vos Gr Earn ee ttomaiad tna bundred st
i CigutvRlwo, Le sie W x oh
ph Shaudiey recived four thousend two hooded (VY) Wiisy dnvixe H. d>wih reer we wo aid tlt wud by PI po baward Vawmani fecrived une Lhowsami fue hvadred 1m
Ll nlp vr Awan i CR TT ER TREE LLL ASS Aid dit AP Ard hb
Of which Micugel Whalen received font thoussnd one hand: LL] 200 Of auc Brar Ward v rece ved tne andred and ights Mee.s
Es Lb received fonr thousand ‘one bandred a b oe (V]] na A. Mayeresu worn od he “thousdind $40 ut bed OF wioeh dein J Naw iperived two homired sud eiuhiv ome...
FULLLEEEERR ay EL EE EE EERE 3, OF wich Jiu lt ow ‘ee
Of whic Ju James Muspby received oe "thousand four bundred an of 3H el $3 Rinse Vande hoff vee ved wie Uiegrand te tun red 1 2" on 15. re oo PA Ah sev dato Liy 7
TIT, sad omht....... detingiy Ero 4
Of which Sond. ‘Harrison irons Seaeses 8 vases Jo OF aloeh thee wes Defoe inv on oo. Shira EaRIRRE "ee
rece ine b red abd Wests: i Of whic damuel Nash n ow ved in hous dved and 9
Of which there were Defective seven. o.oo... tereserines ve #9 Of which Avdrew Stewart rece ice.) EE nie. ry FH AEE wird) ture woe SeuTINg by RT ul
B04 of Which Ueto wide BOAIVAIDE F106. 001 1s-1r01ssrasssreniiree 9 b OF which WITiain Tuy reeavad Forts sa¥ebee.o-.onnrueesnsn. ie aad
a which William Given roomivest (ily -oriulieeenesrsresroess
1028 OF Witch HVE WIE DETOCRUYE Wire rr ne vv vv rere svarrrnrs N Thui oh appre dye BR oy To yr Livle num
hh "h ELLIE Lo ox Je whole wi p
tose THIRTEENTH RLBCTION DIMBUT, t Aud of whieh (hare wee Neattenng uty two 0 LL 7] es vores giver sor the oiiers of Juspectors of Kleeuon of ihe
at appears on eck estimate and canvass, that the whole num. i Cweuty second lection isn of tee ge Wars dyargh
bet of sutes Govan for the offices of Tuspectors of Election of he i, ko thousaid ight lnpiied and hye, 2,000
a ta el rt utr To rans ae re a 32 whe ne bt wich Jumen €svatagh ravived sun vussud eigby Bosdend
Wee RETR U ERD ection of i! ow.
or Wy Christepber Barry reesived four thousand two bundred Not bie bistrin of the aly WI Ane ih Ter of ion ve J. Anderson ieenivad two thousand aight handed
and forty oight.ooe. ee. i Lunde aud igh) LYE. ana pres im8
Of which Janes Bailey roseired four ‘thousand oue hundred sad sev. Of whick J Of which aries Wilson rece ved one tionsawd two avd and
of 4 ia eter bs ws hte Bovle recived two thousand eight hundied and I {18 1,0
EEE) 4
hich Goold received one thousand four bandred and of nn n eavares 2602 uw whieh rics H. "Kaiser rues d ove thossmud two gO
of eo assre re 5 aitin Bogar rreeived tue thansand ls “handred and TUL TE "es Rod
niet Bovis Hobe reveived woe’ nadred I LL LT EERE REE react d two bandred and -e..
OF which ther wore Defectie Seton. t ol th i" Joun Forlag received “one thouswul “two hundred ‘and d of Cha fumes} Mowat yeu swe en woe
Aad of whieh there were Ncallesiag nine. of fhe Wi i niet 1.203 Of which George W. Freed or oe y Ld
haw 1 ‘oraeen reosived our thousand two hundred Of whieh tieurss Le Condit 1eu@ived fOrMy-Aevem. ...o ooo ert?
0,501 of sasrasnnnr i annnn 2 Ot whuch thew aere Detdel ve one. sre
Tout i POURTEXETH BLRUTION Dist KILY. 125 4 OF which Joba y Mere received two uadint and eighty-ine 220 And of which (here weie Scattering ‘hirty-twe. ah
at it appears on such catimate and cunvass, (hat the whole num vidi sper K. Tole received two Lundasd aud eighn n nise......
mt of voles given for the offices of Inspectors of Klectivu of the i of whieh Soba J Crate) received torts seven... al 4.083
vutteenih Klaction District of the Seventh Ward was ten thou. Ul al My ‘eoper recited lortveseven. a! TWENTY 1H RD BY Ry TION DISTRICT,
y-eig Ey ivssrssatitacrrsnrees IIE y sreriaiertenrnn 1 That it appears on such +atimiale and canvass that the whole swe:
A Aud of sbooh there were deatten Wwariy 4 J
OF whit Weare Hiokl hy i 2 a ie BE WAY AYO. er ernnnnnneneen 321 Wer of votes given for the offices of ibepurivy of le pan of ihe
forty-eight on Wi AN Nannini lection District of the Fighth Wand was zhi i
Of which 3. iy rd os nid oe ni i “M8 aries reve hi us oT A% ousaud eight huniiredd and eighty five... orien in
Joba J. Reill baad The! p oh sach estimate and canvass, that the whole Of whi i t
176 ole nuwm- which Wan, Reonett reaived two thonsend sight vendred
4 ber of vutes givey for the vives of luspeciors of Kieotion of tue 00 OUEDIY AWD. ervunainnns iaeerastarn ssn N easessinty HISD
“seceired two thousand aight Dungred oad
one thousand Iwo
Of nbich Jokn Motirew
OIghly AWO, unin ies
w. ‘W islerbetiem roel
Of wineh Thomas
of 8 Joha J. Brewn one thonsand re bendred ond
Of w Da Ey vos 29
ot aired as Igoir-ame.
ps! ol "Wiee urns of
dA PRE 3
b
L