Watches can be attached to the pocket in way that
will defeat the sharpest pickpockets Especial watchful
pess must be used while traveling 1 stroet cars or going
Into crowds of any kind, whether at markets, theatres,
churches or funerals, Every dwelling and store should
be guarded by a burglar alars. This ingenious tell-tale
bas never yet been cireuneented by burglars, Pistols
should Le prepared and nse whenever a burglar enters
on one's vreinises, Wheaever a thief, forger or other
scoundrel is caught, he should not be let off, as is too
often tho cage, to saw the trouble of attending his trial
and securing his copviction. A united effort on tho part
of the public willaoou teach most of these villains that
the labor which grey &0 mueh despise might better be done
outside than inside the State Prison. CAUTION.
Neen. York Dec. 2, 1871.
wr 1 A rr I
Sehanriiela| Bteamboats and BATE

the







5
nn
PEVISING THE U. 8. STATUTES.
REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONERS—PROGRESE oF
THE REVISION.
wl
The Commissioners appointed te revise and
consolidate the statutes of the United Btates, under the
acta of 27th June, 1866, chapter 140, and 4th May, 1870,
chapter 72, respectfully submit to your honorable body
the following report: The Commissioners met in Wash
ington in September, 1870, and began their work by a
Joint examination of the whole body of the Statutes at
Large, in order to classify every provision under ita ap
propriate title, and to arrange the matter of revision in
such a way that the reviser of cach title should be as
sured of Lavine before him all provisions belonging to it,
and none which did not. For this purpose the present
Board of Commissioners adopted, with some modifica
tions, the following provisional scheme of titles, acogpd
ing to which the work had been carried on by their pre
HORRK, LO RON Ay A a ew seed by, ai
ing to which the work had been carried on by their pre
decessors: SCRENP.
1. Genera) provisions. 4", Colts, Coinage, and Money.
2. The Leg sntive Peover. 41. Currency.
3. The Executive Power. 42. Legal Tender.
Frovisious applicable to several 43. The custody and transfer of
of the Executive Departments. Public Moners.
8. The Departmert of Nate. (44. Appropriations.
The Departuwent of War. 45 Public DeMt.
9. The Ixpartment of the Treas 46. Public Contracts.
ur. 47. Pablic Property.
8. The Attorner-General. '48. Public Privting. Advertivements,
9. The Pest-Office Department. and Public Documents.
10. The Department of the Navy. (49. The Postal Service,
11. The Department of the Interior. 50, Foreign Relations.
12. The Department of Agriculture. 51. Gereral provisions reearding
13. Tbe Department of Jusiice. Commerce and Navigation.
14. The Judiciary, 52. Regulation of Merchant Veasels
15 The Army, 1 in foreign commerce,
16. The Novy. 83. Regulation of Merchant Vessels
17 The M lita. in coasting and inland trade.
18. Arms, Armor es, and Areenals, 54. The Fisheries.
19. M btary Posts aud Fortibea- 55. Steamboats,
tions. 56. Merchant Seamen,
20. Diplomatic and Consuler Offi 37. Captare and Prize.
Pe 53. Light-houses, Joght-shipe,
21 Provisions applicable to several pry and Wrechivg Stas
classes of HP re. tons
22. The Flag ard the Seal %0. The Coast Survey.
43. Tie Seat of Government (in. 60. Pensions and Bounty Lands,
eleding the public bwldings). 61. The Public Health,
#4. The States, 62. Hospitals, Asylwaons, snd Cee
#5 The Terniories terih. ig!
26, Civil Eights 63, Patents end Copywrigi te
2; Citizenship. 164 Bankropter.
23. Tle Elective Frauclise [65. Nations Larks,
2, The Fre«dmen. t6, Rivers aud Harbors
30, The Incas fe. Railways
31. Imm graticp 168. Telegrapha. 3
a2. Natvrahzation, 69, Extradition (intervationsl sud
33. The Census State).
34. The Public Lards. Neutralite,
35, Duties upon lmports. {TL Fives, Peuaities, aud Ferfuit
The eclleticu of Luport Dut'es ures
and Reguliioz of lwports 72. Trentrection.
aod kaj ort 33. Crnes
TD rect Taxes {71 The Kinve Trade.
23. Int rad) Revenue, 95, Guano Ibanda,
30. Delt due by or to the United 76. Siihsonias lustitetion.
States
70.
It was of essential importance that every provision cf
every general and permanent enactment ghould be as
signed to its proper title, before the work of actnal re
vision ghould be taken up. The misplacement of any
provision might have the reviser of the title to which it
actually belonged, in ignorance that some other provi
gion before him, on the game subject, had been modified
orrepealed. The Commissioners, sitting together from
day to day, began with the most receut statutes; and
proceeded thence to the earliest, examining them sec
tion by section, determining as to cach whether it was of
a geno ral and permanent nature, aud ghould therefore,
be included in the revision, assigning every distinet pro
vision of each gection to its title, and noting In the mar
gin these assignments and all amendments and repeals,
Ag the work advanced, the Commissioners found that it
involved a considerable amount of preliminary study,
and were more aud more convinced of the importance of
a correct decigion, in each ease, at this stage of the work,
on the chief means of avorling subsequent errors and
omigsione, Tue whole process was, therefore, one over
a second time, when changes in classification were Yoade
Tle Commissioners believe thy 1100 work is sufficiently
correct to afford a sale guido To lucuiscives, or to any
Leh in the $T80ISR of revising any particular title,
on process vecupied about tive mouths of coutinuous
aor,
The entries made by the Commissionera upon the
mareine of their volumes of Statutes at Large were
transferred upon alternate paces of two additional
copies, by clerhs employed jor (hat purpose. Every pro
vision marked for revision has been separate Iv pasted
on a leat of writing paper, upon which 18 written a
memorandum, statin the date of cnactment, the
chapter and section {rom which it wae taken, the volawe
and page of the Statutes at Large where it way be found,
and 1 note of any statute amending or partially repealing
it. The lorce niiss of papers this arising has been as
sorted to the titles in the proposed revision to which they
belong, aud they have been nnmbered ihroachout, and
put up in convenient portfolios. Tho Coinruissioners
Lave thus provided against any interruption of the work
by a vacancy in the office of anv mcwber of the Board.
Ii this process the Comnissioners examined and de
termined upon the natere of over 23.650 sections, a large
number of wich contain several distinet provisions, be
longing to dee tinct titles, After Sepeiuiing frow these all
provisions Wiuch had been repea ed, all which were not
of a general aud permanent nature, acd those which had
been revised by the former Board, the Commissioners
found that tue number of provisious to be revised by
them some what ex oeeded 9,000.
Bone auxiliary labor has ocen performed which may
be useful in the exceuion of the work. A tolerably
complete list of adjudications of the national courts,
filustrating the construction or operation of acts of Cou
gress, bas been prepared, ulider a chironolegical arrange
went, which will euuble the reviser of a parucuiar
statute to ascertain readily whether it has been construed
by the courts. A considerable number of leading cares
oh the weanings of ters expioyed in statutes have
been indexed, as a guard against inadvertent changes in
the phrascowogy of Lows contrary to the course of judicial
decifon. Duplicates of some of the more fruportant
writinge of the Comtuissiouers Lave been prepared, as a
Security against loss by ore.
The Cowntnis-ioucrs have, in the processes stated, ac
complished an equal and considerable progress upon
every one of the 76 titles under which they have ar
Taliged Lae statutes. In accordance with the act of June
97, 1866, which governs their proceedings, taey have
printed and distriouted, for criticism by persons ac
quunted with the respective subjects, the following
Ullen

No. 1. General provi<ions, No. 27. Citizenship.
No. 2. Le.i-lstive powed, No. 48. Elect ve franck. e.

No. J. Laccutiie pover No. 29. Freedtucn,

No 2. bien aud peal No. JL Inmigration,
No. <2 Seat of Government, ine No. 3. Naturabizalon.
Cldiz g putin Dibadogs No. Lemus.
No. A. Stowe, No. i3. Cries,
No, 23. Te r.0des No, 4 dlave trade. a
Na, 20. Civil riviits, i
The greater part of Title 14, “The Judiciary,” 13 in
priut, aud, after it his been further revised andre
rine, will soon be di-tributed to the members of your
cuorable bodies. Tiose uties will have disposed of
about 2.792 sections.
Tie Cowttissioners respectfully submit her with one
of these tities, Tue Jogisative Power,” which Las heen
frawed in the form uf a feparate statute, so that it way
be acted upon, should Congress deen that course conve
nl nt, without awaiting the completion of the revision,
Noue of its provisions depend upon the adoption ol other
titles; and it is nccompanicd by a precise repealing act,
‘Lhe same method way, if such is the wish of Congress,
be pursued with most of the titles under whieh the revis
fou is arranged. It 18 submitted that by this method
several advautages ay be attained. The future pro
grees of the revision would be expedited, for cach poi
ton enacted will torm a precedent or authority in fram
lug those which follow while, by un nnmediate gubstis
tution of one statute for numerous enaciments, widely
scattered and contiicting, some beuctit would be donived
from the work at once, by all persons who have occas.on
during the progress of 18 revision to examine the par
tcular subject thus disposed of,
THE VIADUCT RAILWAY COMMITTEES AR
POINTED.
The directors of the Viaduct Railway Com
pany met yesterday afternoon, Johu Taylor Johnston in
the chair, and decided to investigate thoroughly the
plan approved by the old Board, aud to examine the
principal plans which have bedu brought forward for
rapid trausit, with a view to adopting that which should
Prove the most feasible. Four this purpose committees
were appointed as follows:
Finance Committee -J. Sell quan, L. P. Morton, J. F. D.
Lauicr, A. Belmout, aud A. T. Stewart,
Erecutive Couunittee—John Taylor Johnston, William
B. Duncan, William B. Ogden, 8. D. Babcock, Sidney Dil
Wu, Wilbew T. Blodgett, and Abralum 8. Hewitt.
A MYSTERIOUS ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE.
A man giving the name of Joseph Weldren,
on the evening of Nov. 24 cu'ered the saloon Nu. 419
Tbird-ave., and witbouta word shot himself in the head,
inflicting a serious wound. He was removed to Bellevue
Hospital, where it was ascertained yesterday that be
was R. Roswassan, the Sacramento mercuant who disap
pearcd row wis boarding-house in Greenwich-st., aud
Who was supposed to have been murdered. Ho refuses
W give any reason for the attempt on his life. When
Scarchid ou the nizht that be atewpted suicide $27 was
found iu bis pocket, and sround is waist a belt contaiu
Ing $600 fu wuld. He Lad FreViously pald $120 tor nis pas
saye to Bauta Fé, und had pald for severai tsousaud dol
lars worth of goods, wulcls were awalting Lis order iu a
Cuambers-et. 1uporting house,
re ee...
THE AMERICAN PROTESTANT ASSOCTATION
dhe unuual i, of the Awcrican Prot
ertint Assoclulion of the State of New-York opened in
Lawartiue Hull, on Elghtb-ave., last Monday. A lurge
delegation of representatives was Jest from all parts
0° the Bate. Tue reszdou, which lasted two days, was
Very Bastion ious, 2nd encouraging reports were given
by tae difiereut U strict Depoiy Grand Ma arm of (40
Foe pesity of lhe Order throuzaoul the Sue. Tie fu}
eva Ad Ollcers wei edocied for the cusu, Years
W.G. MN. Lex® bb. alsey: W. 1. GM, Jawes Ke Hey Wo Gl hee
setary, Wiliam Buewer., W. G. Tres urer, Mo gus Gray; W. G. hap
liv. Wm Marre WG Covdue or, Hower homae; W. GG. A. Con.
Suctor, Jobn Haus; W. GL Trier William Davies; W. G, O. ‘Lyier,
Jauses Moore.
A resgiution vos adopted ordering a parade of the
Order ou the 22. of Feurduly Neal
TRIAL OF JANES IRVING FOR RESISTING MARS
SHAL DOWLEY—HOW HE ENABLED A RE
PEATER TO, ESCAPE PUNISHMENT —JUDGE
PIERREPONT'S ADDRESS TO THE JURY.
The trial of ex-Assemblyman James Irving,
indicted for resisting United States Marshal Dowley,
when in the discharge of his duty, was begun, yesterday,
in tho United States Circuit Court, before Judge Bene
dict. Judge Plerrcpont, assisted by Assletant United
States District-Attorney Purdy, conducted the prosecu
tion, and Judge Fullerton, assisted by Charles Spencer
and Charles Donohue, appeared for the defense. Promi
nent among the spectators who crowded the court-room
were rcany Tammany roughe and repeaters, who manl
fested a deep fnterest in the trial, and were disposed to
ignore the dignity of the Court. Before opening the case,
Judge Pierrepont, addressing the Court, said:
It is proper that I should explain why T'have been
aworn in as a special United States District-Attorney to
try this case. Tue death of a daughter has inflicted a
severe §01Tow upon Judge Davis, sud, for this reason, ab
his request, I have undertaken the trial of this case.
Turning to the jury, Judge Pierrepont continued sub
stantially as follows:
On the 6th of last November, Deputy United Btates
Marshal Dowley, armed with a warrant and clothed with
authority derived from the laws of the United States,
went to arrest Owen Geoghegan for a violation of one of
those laws. After he had arrested him, the prironcr
rescued or assisted in rescuing him from the custody of
the Marshal. The prisoner's name is James Irving; he is
commonly calied Jim Irving. Now, you have
all heard&of Jim Irving, and, though I never
caw him until 20 minutes ago, yon shall hear more about
Lim from me. When Geoghegan was arrested ho called
out to Irving, who had only a few minutes before left his
ealoon with a crowd of roughs, “Jim! Jim Irving, come
back here; here is a United States Marshall” Jim Lrvivg
then came back with his crowd and cried out, To hell
with the United States Marshal! Kill the
With that he struck Marshal Dowley in the face, knocked
him down, and ground his head beneath the heel of his
boot. The prisoner, Geoghegan, escaped, and he has not
been recaptured. Now, gentlemen, this is all there 18 of
A
this case, and the only punishment for the crime Irving
lias committed is two years in the State Prison.
John Bernard testiticd—I am a Deputy United States
Marshal on Nov. 6 T went with Deputy Marshal Dow
ley to Geoghegan’s liquor saloon at Avenue B and Fif
teenth-st.; Dowley had a warrant for the arrest of
Geoghegan the warrant was issued by United States
Commissioner Davenport (the warrant was here pre
sented to the witness); I recoguize the warrant; it is the
one Marshal Dowley had for Geoghegan; it is stained
with Marshal Dowley's blood we went to Geoghegan's
saloon, and sent a an in for him: just then a crowd
came out of the saloon, and went up Fifteenth-st.; a man
came out with them, and gaid good night Dowley and
I went up to this man, and Dowley asked him if his
name was Geogiegan; he said, “Yes, it 18;"
Dowley replied, “1 have a warrant for your arrest; I am
a United States Marshal, and I arrest you:"” Geoghegan
then cried out, “Jim! Jim Irving, come back, here ia a
United States Marshal” the crowd cawe back; Jim
Irving came with it and asked, “What is the matter
here 1° Dowley replied, “1 ama United Stares Marshal;
Jim ng cried out, “To hell with the Unfied Btates
Marshal! Kill the 1 then raw Living strike
Dowley, and I saw Dowley struggling with Irving and
Geoghegan; I know Jin Irving; that ig Jim Irving
(pointing to him): after Dowley had strngeied a few
winutes with Irving aud Goeghegan, a Jol Clan cate
up and stopped the row; 1 picked Dowley up from the
ground and carried him into a drug store; he was very
badly burt, and he bled a great deal,
The warfant for the aFrest of Geoghegan wae hiere pat
in evidence, Tt charges Lim ith complicity n Just
year's election frands. The erossexarmtion eli ied
vo new facts, except that the witnes? was not drunk
when be went with Dowicv to arrest Geoghegan, During
the eross-examination a laugh was raised by the Taw
any rowdics, which was promptly suppressed and re
buked by Judee Benedict,
Lawreuce O'Brien, who was specially deputed to as
sist Dowley fo arresting Geoghegan, was then e Xatuined,
His testimony corroborated, substantially, that given hy
Bernard, and established the fact that Geochegan was
rescued from the Marshal and that hic has not been seen
since, During the cress-excaaination a persistent, hut
futile, atteinpt was made to prove that Dowley and the
Marshals with lum, when he went to arrest Geoghegan,
were drunk, It appeared, however, that they all drunk
a little ale or lager. Upon the re«direct examination
O'Brien swore that Le knew Jim devine, oud that he was
positive that he «aw Irvipg strike Dowley alter be bad
attested Geoghegan.
Jom E. Dowley, who {8 still very weak from his
weeny, testiflea—1 uni RPomus Tuifed States Marsha!”
I have been ER nee Muay, 1869: (the wagant jer the
argest of SHEEN. Bera he TET toe Withes=):
recognize this warrant; it was given (o ue on Noy, 6:
when I went to arrest Geoghegan I took with we Mar i
shal Bernard and Special Depity Marshal O'Srien; we
went to Geogliezan's Jiguor store about pyr; Ieent a
mun to sce it Geoghezan wos there; IT had been told
that Geoghegan and Living would be there about 9 pos
the mun came ont and said that Geoghegan wis a ihe
saloon; I then went away 10° a ew  Ininnies
to look for a policeman; when I came back O'Brien
pointed out to me a man who wus standing on ihe
walk ag Geoghegan; I went up to him ana told hin T was
a United Staws Marshal, and that I had a warrant for
his dares; he said, Yes, yes, come ostde;” raid, “No,”
and told hun th t he could not go inside, as he was ay
prsones; 1 iaen took heal of Limg ne cried ont, "*Cowe
Ol, bo) ind give tie Undied states Mur-iod belly” oat
the sate time ne struck me two blows on the beady 1
was afterward sirvek Ly a ran J eappoescd to be Irving
that (bere the witness pointed to Lovie), Dibink, is one
of the men tust  stiack we; bis face made
an Liupression on Jue at the time, awl 1
aur quite sure that I remewberit; during tle stride
that followed, Geoghesan was on oue side of me, and
Irving was on the other; I had hod of Geoghegan when
1 was struck: Iwas kuocked down end stuniied wben J
recovered my senses and got up, T was Knock d down
again, kicked in the head, and stabbed in the echoes;
when 1 recovered, biound myself ina diag sioie Iwan
severely wounded, and was bloedime proiasely I In
coved six wonuds in wy bead; Google Zon Was (HINT
away oni ane, dad Fhnve not seen biti rice,
Adored Ui 13 1a: to-day.
———e
Was MONEVINS A MURDERER T INFO S1ING
PGINTS OF CRIMINAL LAW.
The aremmoent in the case of MeXNevine con
victed of wurde in kiiling Edward Hines, onthe night
of Nov. 22,1570, came ofl’ yesterdoy, fin the General Term
of the Supreiue Court, before Judges Inerahatn, I onard,
and Cardozo, MeNevins shot Hines at Foary's sodoon,
No. 426 East Rixteentl-st,, in a drunken nrawl, Tt i
claiwed by the prisoner's counsel, Tra Shafer, W. F.
Howe, and J. J. Marvin, that the conviction of MeNevins
was erronecus, since the life of the deceased was not
tuken with malice atorethought, and there ig Do pretense
upon the people's proof that the accused geted with de
sign. MeNeving, they allege, wag sober, peacexhle, and



quiet; on the night in question, at Feary's saloon the
deceased assaulted him with a nile when he went

CfA. xy Met Sem. oa BEG LE cali”
dut of the “karin, ald 1a sett.der. 056" he fired
at him. Counsel also contend that injustice was Gone
the acensed on the trial when the Conve albmitted proof
that the Sixteenth-st, gang, of vhioin MeNevins was a
member, was the most disorderly un the eity, wud pwr
witted tire charactor of his wie se Wo paciiaaad Mer
phy —to be impeached by showing that they belonged to
this gang. i
The Judge told the jury that they conid not fina the ac
ensed guilty of wurder in te second deren, ror of
manslaughter in the first, second, or fourth degrees, and
thus repealed the Kevised Statutes, which provide
“upon an indictment for any otense consisting of dffter
ent degrees, the jury way tind tie acensed net guilty of
the offense in tne degree charged, and may find such ac
cused person guilty of auy degree of such offense in
ferior to that charged in the indictivent, or of an at
tempt to commit such offense.” Upon the evidence the
jury might have rendered a verdict of murder in the
second degree, as defined by tle Court of Appeals,
p
The points gy ihe Lustrict Afiorucy a reply stato that
there was evidénce tending to show previous ill-fecling
between tue prisoner aud the deceased, aud between
their respective families that on the uight of the killlug
the victim, Hines was sober, peaceable, and quiet, and
did nothing to offend the prisoner, nor did he assault
Liu, 01 thrcatead to; aud that the evidence utterly failed
to e=tablish the plea of #elf-defense, for MeNevins was
not in peril of life or limb, and bad no reason to belleve
he was. The District-Attorney claimed that the credibil
ity ot the witucescs for the Nrigoler was desiroyed by
“their contradictions and palpable falsehoods,” and that
perjury was plainly shown. The charge as to selfde
Zense was proper an setting forth three conditions to
Justiiy a homicide (1.) A belief that the deceased was
then designing to do great bodily harm to the Jersen
who killed Lim. (2) A reasonable ground for belleving
that danger was imminent. (3.) Evidence that the belief
wus justified by all the circwustunces, It wus submitted
that ths was an accurate and fair statement of the law.
As to the second allegation of ‘error, it was replied that
the statute (Rev. Stat., Vol. 3, 5th Ed,, page 989) as to an
fudictwent for an offense consisting of different degrees
provides that the jury may find the accused person
guilty of any degree of such offense inferior to that
charged in the indictment. This is not an arbitrary
power of the jury. They must exercise it within the
bounds of the law. The indictment must include a true
description of the act done, and of all the circumstances
detining the minor offense. It was the province of the
Court to charge the Joey that no other crime was de
«scribed in the ipdictment, or by any possibility estab
lished by the evidence, beside the crime of murder in the
first degree or mansiaughter in the third degree. On the
indictment and evidence any other verdict would have
been set aside, and in such a case 8 Judge 18 warranted
in ging an unqualified direction to find only one ver
dict. Vi aud W. on New Trials, 738, 763.] Decision re
served,
The cares of Lookup Evans, the notorious ahortion
ist, and Win. O'Kel), indicted for grand larceny of mouey
securities aud for felonfons«ly recciving the same, it being
charged that be robbed the First Nationul Bank of Nor
walk, Coun., weve also argued in General Terw, the de
cisious beiug reserved. Fo
I
The argument in the case of “Billy” Ed
wards and Thwotuy Collins, convicted by Judge Dow
nk of sciting va foot a Long Island ize tight, und scot
to Blackwell's Isinnd, came up ou appeal by certiorari
be fore Judges Tugrakinm, Barnard, and Curdozo in the
Geers] Term of the Supreme Court yesterday. Collins
aud Edwards vere sentenced on the 27th of May last
to inp eoneni in the Peaitentiary for twelve inonths,
end to pay i fine of $1,000 cach, The imprisonment they
Lave sipee heen umicrgoing. Mr, Howe, their counsel,
contended not that the parties did uot hove 8 pie ght
fu Ques County, but tunt there was ha Jig wintever
Lust the fabt wis set ob foot or arranged wm Nev-York
i

THE COURTS.
AN EX-ASSEMBLYMAN AT THE BAL.
TIE HINES HOMICIDE.
PRIZE IGHTEDRS LIBERATED.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 187L
County, the proof to that effect being that other
bes Aiven ins carriage from New York to the
Place where the Jrise fight place; that, thetefore,
‘iy was he Ju; a je By the Ouanty of city Coart;
n con
eka our of bpecihodions 16 200
nt it the Court se e the con on
and both Chief-Justice Ingraham and Jastice Barnard
expressed an opinion that the second question was ayuly
grave one, though not necessary to be decided in
Cups,
THE RIVERSIDE PARK CASE—A NEW ASSESSMEN
TO BE MADE.
In the Supreme Court, General Term, yes
terday, Judge Ingraham delivered the opinion of the
Court in the Riverside Park assessment matter, which
came up on an appeal from the order of the Bpecial
Term confirming the report of the Commissioners of
Estimate and Assessment. An objection was taken that
such a proceeding, when confirmed by a Special Term, is
final, and that no appeal wonld lie to the General Term,
After citing a large number of precedents, the Judge an
nounced the decision of the Court to be that the objection
wns not well taken, and the appeal was sustained. He
aleo announced that the Court had decidéd that the
order appealed from must be set aside, and said: “It is
to be regretted that a new report cannot at once he made
by the present Commissioners, but as two of thew are
away and cannot aot in the matter, it will he necessary
to send the case to new Commissioners. These will be
named on cettlement of the order.” Judge Cardozo con
cwred In the chief points of Judge Ingrahum's opinion.
———e
Gen. Ryan did not answer when his case
was called, yesterday, in the United States Circuit
Court, and a bench warrant was fssned for his arrest.
The United States District-Attorney dentes the published
statement that he has received peremptory orders from
Washington to go on with the trial of Gen. Ryan and
others uidicted for aiding the insurgent Cubans.

The suit of John B. Cornell against the
Court-House Commissioners and agatust Controller Con
nolly has been decided by the General Term, which sns
tains Judge Sutherland’s order granting the mandamus,
The Erie investigation before Masterin
Equity White was adjourned, yesterday, until next week
Wednesday, to glve Jay Gould and James Fisk, jr., fur
ther time to case to be gigned and stamped the certifi
cates of the 60,056 shares of Erie stock claimed by Heath
and Raphael and ordered to be delivered to thew,
The case of Thomas Hamilton, who sued the
Third ave. Railroad for $5,000, on account of having been
ejected from one of their cars for pot paving, as) ho
alleged, full fare twice, was concluded yesterday, the
Jury tinding $500 for the plaintiff, with an allowance of
tive EW cent. The Court granted a stay of J days for
the defense to make a case,
John B. MeFerney, an infant, sued James
Murphy, inthe Court of Common Pleas, yesterday, to
recover for dam: ges received Sept, 17, 1964, when defend
ant, in dnviug his stage around the corner of Fulton-st,
aud Broadway, run over the plaintiff and crushed his
leg, rendoring amputation neecessory, 1t was clabmed
that Murphy was driving at an unsafe rate of speed of
the time, and attracted he att ntion of the policeman
who witnessed the accident, The jury will bring ina
sealed verdict thiswonune,
Joseph AL Moller (Co. preprictors of the
sugar refinery at the foot of Division-ave., Brooklyn,
E. D,, applied, yesterday, to Juage Prati, in the Kings
Conuty Supreme Court, Special Term, for a perisanent
injunction restraiving Edward Chak from placing off]
upon the whare adjmuing their manufact ry; and also
one to recover $20,000 damages for the injury which has
resulted to their business from this practice, The defend:
ant has contracted with the city to reiwove off il from
the Eastern Districts, Jadaze Gidbert had gronted a teng
porary injenetion, last month, azuinst the defencant, and
also an order to show cause why the ujanet on shoeld
not he made permanent, Complaints Were pres nted 0
the Court from residents of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth
Wards, showing that the distviet in wheel the nuof=ane
is maintained is thickiv popaleted, and that the ofl is
detrimental to the Pealib of all who do Ini ness in thie
neizhborhood, Corporation Couns. DeWii arened faut
the city bad only control of a single wha of, aod het dr ir
were not allowed to carey offal to the Danters at hat
What f, the onal would be elt to rotin tae srecrm Jide
Prat dissolved the toannarery anjuncth a, and ordered
thei the wetion for datages be trad ae Rpechad Ter, on
Doc. is,
i
J
Matthew Shelly was coinnitted by Jade Seott,
seacnlus, for tale Ho apis of eri fiom Caines Medaili’s sie,
YOR KIN OF TEN
Maran Elizabeth St, Clair «nd her hashand, pre
prictors of a house of prostitution at No, 42 Fleetai Hrons on vere
tried Yel re Judo foetue n the Broom Cy Cert, y abor.al, ai
sentrpeed to the Kings Counts Penitentiary for sig aonths,
At the Tombs Police Court Justice Heran come
witted Richard Hakina, vester lay, for stewing 26 from the pocket of
Michacg Kenvedy, wisdie they were drinkive toe hice ino soloou in Chat
ham-stonc week sgo.... Willa R. Avr cron, for hrouairg o en a
trunk aud stealing we an. a ciain worth 225, bh lonwing to Joka Mul
lew, fellow-boaricr #t No, 3:7 Pearlast... Caspr Fle her of No 213
Mownst, for otoe 1 fom Louis Donaell tok 80 200 Vuarlat,
while the two were 1 a bows in Greenest,
In the Court of General Sessions, hefore Jedae
Beaford, veo ertay, Thom os saoth, chirged with ete dng awed! satel
from Jaws Borbe, O00, 2 was we witimd Moors Scheidt was coniioted
of cienlive B coct worth 0 from Cir, Boker of Bigatheate, and Fort.
(hist. Fertemes postponed... Makacl Mciiiaa was convicted of
ste line 8 wagon worth $200 from Pour J. Bum r ~f Far rth-nie. and
Fleseuti-st., Nov, 20. Kentenee postponed... Mickneal Trainor aod
Thou as Dayle attorpt st vreemd dareen Lo Brae Prosow tho yours and
six wonthe cach. Lows mes Comer and Timotky Kobo beefy, sent
to the Hotes of Kefare, ode es Bor@oss ait dae rs Jolson, chap d
wih ar bnzaweth from Bevan Motelov oon ena Th pdeave. ear,
[oo Poa pea bodies Medister god ladeny, Sloe
Mar 1 yd 9
i
H
a aad
Spree Compteticaeral Term—\V bite act, Mclean.
—tubnet pert roamed woh costs, Marvin okt ewig, —Judz
ent 2m od wot caste, Wad pit sgt Recewrh det LL =Save. Loe
rei, Mutihews ot ri Name, vial sgt Lotine—=Julgueit reversed
ad nen foal caer Tienes Fa0alad; Coole te ate event, Meton
pelle Ponoem he duo cea disacmeoddug 31s graerel that Le cae go to
the Secon Dopertient,. Ro oorts mgt. Buell Gwe cases —dndgoeat
nd epier i tiroed vor oost (geod et nl, recive, ag Migaire.
Ju owen orm d Costa Ine tien tan vi linive to oper bg
new care. hocages co =Opler apmeaid fiom set asde, and ce ie
fer ate rew Cora fad ners Pood dasiriace Co ext Le iyi wu)
Motion to eidee cop irom on’ poited; Mobion to Cieies aj peal
fron juga n dowel wien core,
1]
1

Cramers=Ny  Jutee Bre g=Tolling act, Moat ot on
prouted, Goedeaongh ef elem aici uce andes Jo waspt. Bevnone
cull =tlotio: wo oomed. Sherber act, Cawgan, dink wo hetitn on
siomd be dived cule patent oo F000 March ao. raliaun—=2lo
Gon granted Fores gt, Bepnerdall= totic powell ote al opt.
Eprogae,—t sae sc thd,
Bedaize Cori w=1In the water of he pot feimn of Joroph Parrett
Or ier gr, ated and ands oppevel, Ma a etal sgt Vi bite =r la of
ple util greg rent of Jet Gow groaned.
Common 1%cas—-Special Term. —=By Indo Robin
foi—boe zate at Hushine=Jalprent fo Tue, apd saw dor
wd A
Be doe Latremors,—=1ehman act. Solier —Retorepa orders),
Nantiatl bob Coos tate sate, Hodes ot BE a =Th sane,
Baten i Lon casein, —lielerenee, Fo bag. howio=oof vive,

me
S omEMR ComRi—= HANMER 3=UAKD020, J. =Qpene at 43 oa Mn.
Calendar “alco a 17m.
ge Wh m =z a MEET TRE NTE PL VaR
Nogedr Co"RU=U"dANER LS, =1
Calendar a
@i. Dosen’ ast Grocu etal
iL Fettre 43
al. Rtodwaan wt MeHoore
denbintird at Selle
Lo. Gorman Ame: cube Lauk eg.
Prannehe ur,
6. .Cu'oeli ait Cone Wareh, Co,
Brecian ERy=bAks arp,
Yerw
Cinerm—=Vart J —=Vax bi
IL. Ta lor act, anton «of
19. Tievsan et ol, ei. Brauer
el al
619, Wialen apt. Gilmes ster el nl
G29. becelaany cgi Gol Lies et as
4. Swope zt, oo cial
Oho, Kellesagt, iu
619. Kells apt. Bern cnr.
[ROI RIT 89 EFSRIE 5
6, 00 reek opt Haley.
65}. Lally apt. Kiefer
Part 1.= Dray,
3424. Raverind ag’. Lnll.
334. Hopkins ng. Gardner,
562, Malle ag. QO bide, rere
642. .Mups ugt. dame,
1022, Nathau ugl, Same.
1024. Lewin sgt. Ramee,
1674. Hore sgt. Awica' le Mu. Life
lus. Co, of N. 1.
3M. Narawore agt. Paioe.
396. Larne] agt. Halle ot al.
00. .Clatlin et wl ugt. liege. sburger.
act,
i

SUPERIOR CoURT—TRIAL TERN—
749. .Jolmson agt. Opperbeimer.
#:9.. Brown agt. Liserpool and Gt
Western Steamship Co.
274... Philbrick agt. Dalleit.
i965. Miller agt. Van Tuyl
634. Estes sgt. Weilnan
703. .New-Boston Coal Mining Co.
agt. Packer.
47. Farr sgt. Kelly, Eberiff, &e.
I'ant 1). —BPEN
Couxox PLeas~Grygn.i: TERY.
Lorw, JJ. =U
72.. Aber agt. National 8. 8. Co.
42. Barker agt. Mott.
45. Mare oy Beyer.
61..Coldnchihiug agt. Morris.
Trial Treks. Past L.-J.
1847... Ottmen ot. Bwith.
MD. Wise nyt. Broviwal and Bev:
N enth-ave. Kailivad Co.
1103. .Buros sgt. Liverpool, N. Y.
and Philadely bis 8. Co.
1393. Blumenthal agt. Collins.
1027, Aliback agt. Grand und Forty:
second-gt. Reflioad Co.
727. .Kehwilter agt. Grecuteld
946. Hovlgsherger oft. Second:
ave. Mai (VY
947. .Bame agt. Mame.
1801, ,Cicesrini Ward,
876. .Owen ag’. Lawrence.
Maring Covur—TriaL Ter~.
Ww
7309. .8parke Fuller.
7418. Same sgt. Rawr.
6240. .Ribow agt. Meyors.
4a. Paris McMaten,
Ad. P. Mang Co. gt
Thoinas.
7058. Miller ags M Dermott.
Pant 1L—~NHEA,
7127. .Bteluhart agt. Fool
7131. Potter agte Meyers,
7121... Leb man sagt. J tioehill.
 Gokd.  Masdivg aft Mairow,
C255, Klitcr agt. The 8 B.
066. Madden sgt. Weekn.
TRO. Barues sgt. Btelnwite
044. King sgt. Timorey.
ART iL —JoaCH ues
£135, Cleary sgt. Am. fickel Pat.
Co.
971. Horst agt. Lebman.
0) Kaae sgl. Same.
F264. .Cubbogley sgh Thomas
GEN. RYAN'S CAQY
CIVIL, NOTY3
Bo,
CTHAIN AT (OY ITA.

HY [S1OMNS—-Dire. 6.
ocorat CAL N DARS <Tamn Dav.
ARDO20, J.=—Qpene at 3 A. MG.
oa 17m,
wo dure John GL Lemberg,
OL. Von Wyk gt Lous Lee
Od. tu pe Arcact, Loe€ Nn
106 du the water 00 sl Susi el

ARETE SE 3
102. cue ien agh Prouss,
os ut 104 am, Caieslir came 24
var, J--Orers at 104 0m,
65. Kev) Speed
CAT. Chelin et al use, Kelly et sl
UL Mie akt Mudra
697. Home! jr. oot White,
60, Osgood apt Tuoie,
“0s, nese man at, Sats ct al
Uh Osgmd £20 Brarss,
207. Sehals ag. Ho dane,
09. Levin act. Richart on
15. Kreuacl ugt. Hover etal,
~Opens at 11 a mu.
2422, .Cook t al apt. The Mayor,
&e


%../Teath Nat. Bk ogt. Darragh
et al,
396. .Cockeroft sgt. Claflin ot al.
270. Phelan sgt. O'Brien. Shenf.
410. Tweodle apt Sctacfer
412. Marcus agt. Hook
414. ALrens et al sgt. Oblen et al.
28. Roe agt. Allaire,
342). Lester agt. Union Mfg Co.
116, Rend agt. Leroy Gasight Co.
)ART lo=MoNBLL, J. ~Upeus at 11
mw.
515... Avery sgt. Hawn ond,
357. Arlen ag Holden
av3..W.cke agt. Hatch.
915. Allen agt. Blaney,
1385. O'Brien agt Meehan'les and
Traders Fie lis Co.
045. Fraser agt. Klirck,
1143. Bruff act. Wail,
1165. Herbruudt sgt. Pratt.
gi. J. —Case ob.
P.Dary. C. J. Romivsox wed
pen at 11 am.

€3..Veebargh at. Brewster.
86. .N.elan agt. Moran,
94. .Bunmous sgt. Desage.
Davy J.-Opems at lla. mm
102, King at. Wolf.
64, McConly a Gase.
192. Me sgt. Gerurhino.
514. Hora agt. Cannon, jr,
232.. Fisk age Mandert.
wa. Joslyn set Fiek, jr.
4674. Mellninck ags Godirey,
1190, Joberts sgt. Matlews
772... E-kerson agt. Wealiirgtoa.
Wi.Pitter agt. Washington Tce
172. .Weod agt. Met. Ina. Co,
watt, Dagens agt. Oarduer,
1044. Crave ag. Lincges.
1604. .phaw ag. Theiss.
Pant L—ALkxs, J.—Opens ot
a. Ww.
juss. Steinhart agt. Bnew.
016. .Hatiwer ags. Hasrer.
Tl. Travers oy Ncbeaa.
7163. Dailey sgt. Corvett.
7461. .0 Reilly ag. Cornett
7100. Kearney agt. Denovin.
17464. .Schale agt. Peverbach.
).—Qpens at 1U 8, 1.
200, pti agt. H. L. Co.
ad. otty agt. McNamara.
jess Colwell gt Avtoos.
420. .Nyminglon ‘Laylor.
Lr Wotide agt. FAT
[4 3. McCanlis a] Gillica,
Lap cher (T{3 olksanit.
N. J.~Opona st 10a. m.
4.66. ,~hapter gt. Roberts.
Ka. Name ogl. Same. Yeu
pr eNulty.
ray. Holm he hr
0? HY
Vig BEC IT WLP
wage ofp Ie. Srmsine set Miller.
31. Menomy oft. Fikina, i6s. Routaoon ate Miller ot iL
33. .Case agt. a 147, Nash agt.
MU. .Case agt. 151, .8afford agt. Obermeyer.
38..Dolan agt Drake. 91.. Lawrence Hutton,
51..Batterman ut Witteabriak.| 189. .Jobavon ws
66.. Nelson agt. Woods, 198, .Kleenhammer sgt. Knipping.
..Byrne agt. Colina, $11,. Nelson
#7..Grieble Reliieble. 233, Perry a Aelmbdolts,
103. .Leavy Perry. 37. Bobby gt. Haddinge
3. Bouchard agt. Cronk. Broeks agt. W'
Tria! of alleged Election Fraada
Count ov APPRALS—ALRANY, Dee. 6.—~The following i¢ the \8
endar for Dec. 7: Nos 424, 324, T04, M1, 43, Pity yee
CUSTOM-IOUSE RETURNS FOR NOVEMBER.
Deputy Collector James furnishes the follow
ing report of the business of the Custom-House for No
vember:
Number of warehonse entries. ......co00eiersnsestsscrnsssnnsnees 1,770
Number of withdrawals fromm warehonses ..cooeeesroiess, ..1,75
Duty on 88Me. ...oviuviiarriirinsiinnss seneee 4,112,180 2
Re-warehouse entries vods received from other ports Deeseerannas
200
Immediate trans) ook duties, without appraisement, to other
rte in Uni iri sevens esessssssessssssssstsessssssnsssces 214
arehonse and transportations.......oeeeeiiresrene stress
Withdrawals (rom warehouse for transportation... veseees
PORBION RXPORTR
Withdrawals from warehouse,
Withdrawais for re-warchouse,
Immediate exports.....ouvennns
CANADA EXPORTS.
Tmmediate..... reas staritets FP PY TY TTT
From warehonse....oovvvisissassnsssssssssssssssssssssssss seeene
Re-wareliouse....oovvnvniiensasinninnssns FPTTTTTT TIT TITS
a goods manufactured In bond)... cr settee
LIQUIDATIONS AND ADJUSTMENTS.
rn rE A A A A ER RE EL)
eee
ELL LEE TERT
Entries on hand Nov, L.vesserioonnses $712
Received in Novewber..ooovenes 2242
FTTTPTTTIIT sessses a
ot
Total.
Rutries Nquiinted 10 NOVEMBOE. ose ssssnssassnss PR reesrens
Entries 3% Ntiag lens a0 POtUPDS. .ovsniriirirsrsrrssnniranne
Ready for Lguidation...viesssinnssssrssssnsssssssssssssssssssss DODO
2,649
303
Total.svsssarassas sessssrassnasinrrersnsassnnrrssssesn $2,904
CITY GOVERNMENT.
OFricIAL.] WEDNESDAY, Dec. 6, 1871-2 o'clock pm.
The Board met in thelr Chamber, No. 15 City Hall,
pursuant to adjournment,
Present—Thomas Coman, esq., President, in the chair,
and the following members:
Aldermen Charlock, Cuddy, Dimond, Hart, McKiever,
O'Neill, Plunkitt, Schlichting, Welch, and Woltman—10.
~The minutes of wmecting held December 4 were
read and approved.
RESOLUTIONS,
By Alderman Woltman—
Whereas, The recommendations of the Special Come
mittee appointed by this Board to devise a plan for the
Jprotectiby of life and property endangered by the use of
acomotives on that part of the Fourth-ave. north of
Porty-second-st., us contained in a report of said Com
mittee made to the Board at its last meeting, affects in
terests so varied aud extensive that an opportunity
thiould be given teall persous aud parties interested in
the subject to have a public bearing before the said Spe
cial Committee, in order that, if possible, a concert of
action may be effected, sud after an interchange of
views and opinions before tie Committee, an equitable
und Just arrangement may Lie perfected, wep satis.
factory to the city, the property-owners, aud the Harlem
Railroad Company be dt therefore
Kesoleed, That the said report be referred back to the
Conuittee, with instructions to hold one or more publie
peerings, and that inviiations be given, by advertise.
ment or otherwise, to all parties interested to appear be
foie the Cominittee for a full and free interchange of
voews and ovinions, before recorumending that final ae
tion he token by the Comnion Council, on the subject of
excavating the Fourth-uve,, above Forty-sccoud-st., to a
depth suthicieut to admit of covering the tracks of the
New-York and Harlem Railroad Company,
rhe President pot the qrestion whetlier the Board
weak agree with sad resol,
Which was d cided an the sidrwative,
By Alderman Chariock—
Lesoleed, That Oue-indred-and-Twenty-<int'est from
Echtt-ave. to Lavrence-«t., be reguinted and graded,
the curb and gutter-sioues set, aud the sidewalks
fine ced, where not already done, under the direction of
the Commissioner of Pabiie Works; aud that the accom
Paty ing ordinance theretol be adopted,
Wich was laid over,
By the same—
Lvenived, That Ninety-secoud-st,, from the Tighth-ave,
to the boulevard, be reguleted and graded, tie carb and
cintei-stones sot, and the sidewalks dazzed, where not
alr dy done, under the direction of tie Cotamicsioner of
Public’ Works, and that the aecompany ing vidivauce
tie cetor he adopted,
Waiclr was Lid over,
Ly ihe Ranne—
Ioobved, That One-hundicd and-twenty-1ifth-af,, fiom
Maphatinn-st, to the dor hh Kiver, be regulated and
giadod, tire curb and gatter-stones set, and the videwalns
fia, A where wot already don, under tie direction of
the Commissioner of Pablic Works, snd that (he accow
panying ordinance thereon be ndopted,
Wedel was Lad over,
iy the same
Resolved, nat Ei bty-seventh-st,, from Third to
Fiiti-ave, be paved witn Belgian or trap-hlock pave.
tient, cad thet ot the several mrersecting streets and
avennes crossvidlis be laid where not now laid, and re
Lid where those now luid are, in the opiuion of the Cona
wi=sioner of Pubiic Works, not in good repair, or are not
upon a grade adapted to the grade of the proposed new
pavement, under the diveciion ot the Commissioner of
Public Works, aud that the accompanying ordinance
theretor bo adopted,
Ly Aldenaean MeKlever—
Lesalecd, That gac-mains be Lid, lump-nosts ercets qa,
and street Maps iizhted in Foastane, frog Poriy-seventh
to Forty -idnuthi=st, under tue direction of the Colds.
sioner of Poh Worse,

Wiech vas laid over,
By Alderman Tiving—
Resolved, That a street lamp be placed and liehted in
frout of No. 248 Third-nve,, uader the divectiou of the
Cosvissionor of Pablic Worl,
Winch was laid over,
MOTIONS,
Alderman Cuddy moved that the Committee on Finance
be casei d from torther consideration of resolution of
Lar Board or As distant Aldermen, as follows:
Resolred, ‘Tuat the Coutioller be and he is hert by
ani porized and directed to draw his warrant in favor ol
James MeGinness, for the sum of $360, to reimourse him
tor the loss of a horse, cart, and bavness trom the pier at
the fool of Fifty-third-st,, Last River, caused hy ade
fective «ring-pieee, said amount to be charzed to the
gppiroprivion for “City Continaencics,” ov any other
appropriate necount,
Lue President put the question whether the Board
woenld aparece with said moon to di chage the Coe
mises,
VWnieh was deeded me the affineative,
Ard the pager was then Lidd over,
Aldertcen Plunkitt moved that when the Bodrd ad
jour Cde so to weet ou Monday bead, Ub duet, at 2
o'cloeis pul.
ae President put the question whether the Board
would ares With sald anton,
Which was a cided in the atlirmative,
LC Alaerinen Flaskitt moved thst tie board do now ad
LE BY

Toe Pec adent pnt the question whether the Board
voesid agree wit said motion,
Whit was doeided in the atfivmative,
Wierenpes the President declared that the Board
ood a jorreed until Monday uext, 1LL ans, at 32
o'clock pom. JOuN HARDY, Clerk,
DEPALILLEE OF FOREIGN MAILS.

THURSDAY, Dee. 7.
Vale for Hatsus sud se West iudies, per steawss’p Missouri,
Carat TP ie
FitlDAY, Dec. 8.
No Sroamship Mais
SATURDAY, Dec. 9
V's for Furone via Liverpoo!, per steamship Cite of Antwerp,
cose nt 11:0 a, mA supplementary Mail, ou Per No. 45, N. KE. 1s
closed at 1:30 p.m
Tal letters ce, onited in Supplementary Mail must be prepaid with
doehle postage.
Maris Mor the German States via Brewen, per steamship Donan,
close it i200, MN
RUNDAY, Dre. 10,
AM close atil woes a ww. Tue Fost-Office is open from 9 a
os t2 8 Rw:
PASSENGERS SAILED.
FOR LIVERPOOL=Id scudip Algeria, Dec, 6.—~Mra, Thos. Halll
Mav, Miss Mape wen, Mr. and Mrs J. Rawle, Mr. KR. Mapelsden and
woo Mr RP Gregory, Mr. A, Cowell, Miss G. Hawkins, Mrs, M. B.
Hell nee. Mr. K. Dowil. Dr. Buekanit, Mr. C.J, Dizon, Mr. C. J. Plint,
Capt. Linge, Mew, (7 Bradbury, Mr. and Mrs. H. I. Helmbold and three
pb. ry Groenonth aud maid, Mr. H, Minord, 8rs. Langlase
!efroy, Mr. and Mrs. EB. F. Burke, Mm. J. MecColw,
Mr. (43 Evert Mr. Hy. Barlow, Mr. G. Uijor, Mr. E. P. Hawthorue,
A. “anpeor. liv. Sampson, W. J. Brown. ugh Mackey, Ed. Pearce,
JW. Wel, il. Me er, W. H. Smith, D. M. Bare, Reuor Shetchwr
Lope. Thus. Lekharell, J. G. Rides. 8, Macaulay, Mr. Luneaster, L. D.
iteed. Win Conse, A. Meyer, J, Garforth, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Reid,
David Stnatk. Mis. 8. Waaren, Miss J. Deacon.

DUISSENGERS ARRIVED.
FROM CHARLESTON—In steamship Manhattan, Dee. €.~A. Cath.
ber. A. A. Goldswoith, W. F. ‘Lracy, Lope E. BK Vail, J. U. Riley, D. L.
Esler. K. J. Brown, M. Greenblatt, C. MeClanchban,
FROM L1VERFOOL=In steamship City of Astverp. Dec. 6.—=Mr. P,
A. Gikaore, A. K. Steasny. Edwin Girard, Madam Le Feose and son, Mr.
Court, P. Cuisbolm, Mr. Dickinson, Ernest Marie, Joim Henry, James
DNongpell, Geo. Wilson, Major Shelly, M. P. Hard, Chas Revjrone, G.
Stephens. 8. Norman, D. 8. Hasiack, H. W. Rdward, Thomas Dole, Wm.
ov Mii. Maeasotty, Chas. Martlacd, Miss Jane Holloway, aud 362 ia
ec Meera
FROM fiavee—io steamehip Pereire, Dec. 6.—Le Vicovte Borellls
Mrs. Rovers, Mr. Barriers and wife, Mr. Maignan, Mrs Meircles, Mrs.
Onsenters, Mr. and_Mps. César Fart, Mr. de Gors, Mr. Rosenbecker,
eatin, Mr. Rbiff. A. Brien, Mr. Dejardin, Miss Kiera, Mr. Crenelta,
Dr. Stephenson, Mr. Hurtado, Sept Nasr de Chanute, Mr. Benoit,
fr. Bernani, Mr. Raison, Miss Robert, Mr. Chérvm, Mr. Azet, Mr,
Clere, Miss Jomet, Mr. Lecor, Mr. sod Mrs. Pagague, infant and
purse. Mr, Pleard, Mr. Hofman, two Mrs. duty, Mra
J. Chevallier, Mr. Helier, Mrs. asd Mise Partial Mr. Mataeki,
A 2. J. Dappe, Mr. Monnenmacber, Mr. Rcbacider, Mr. Jase, Mra. Ursa
Bischod, Mr. and Mra Bbiogliotti, lnfant and servant Mr. and Mr Pogsl,
infant and nares: Mr. Past Mr. ard Mrs. Pardeni and infant, Stefzne
Woassio, Mr. Rellaghats. 7. and Mrs. Barblen and Infant, Mr. Cusa
graude and infant, Mr. Ropes, Mx. Boho, Mr. Simard, My. and Mrs. lnc
and Infant, Mr. end Mra. Tools and nurse. Mr. and Mrs. Jully, MF.
Tachoiehler, Mr. Rublaana, My. Cosandiy, B. Leiser. Miss Bernis. Mise
Abadie and servant. Mise Sueanles, Mr. Heince, Mr, Malle, Mr. Balles
und, Mr. Bureif_A. Coulg. Mr. and Mra. Blee and servant, Mr. (havent,
Mr. Dena, Mr, Baill, Mrs. Cura, Mrs, C. and H. Curiea snd infant,
Mrs. Leose, Mrs. Bars snd servast, J. B. Breuillard, J. Broaillard, C.
Meva. Mr. and Mrs. Houser) Mr. Hollaret, Mr. sad Mrs. Tnsipe, Mr.
Hothaopt. Mr. snd Mm, Fougen, Mr. Forgan, Mr. eons; Mar
micke, Mr. Astrignevieilie. Nr. Rolges, Lecheralel:, Mr. de Case,
Afr. Blunt, Mr. Foarnelr, Mr. Bourgrac, Mr. Moschaod, Mrs. de Latoi:
rette, My. Kies, Mes Hiewwe Mr. ap Baus, Des Cte. atin, A
FRO ERP -1a scamalip 6.—Mr, re. A.
L. de Cordevs, J. H. Platt, A. H. Mhler, Ww. Beare, Dr. Johnson snd
lady, Miss Johnson, A. Gready, Leos Robissos, 8. Housman, Mr. Hof
tulsa, A. 8. Malcomson, J. (4 Mr. snd fre. McCovenay, Mr. and
Mrs. Boney and child, Miss K. Sea J. Gamble, M. J. bery, H. Car
ter, W. Carter, Miss Rodinsea, Mr. Hayoon, Miss A. L. Miss
Fisher, Mr. Liviagtane, Bo planer. Be yg
a a To 0) nn ne,
K. Gireane, Marshall Woods Mr Weeder Mies Woods a Ho- eit, Nr.
Stesle, Mr. Hi. Darkes snd son, Mr. and Mrs. M.L. Ward, Mr. Marsh, Mr,
W. A. Jansaty, Mis Nghe Miss Prother, Mr. snd Mrs. Idé
we. Capt. Borla, re sal Miss B. Saltonstall, Mrs. C.
rout a. a yer, Mi Bb. MeCuliagh, Mrs. Yi. Mo
be ry pe Capt. Faleget 3. 4 havigs, Ur Wop Ontenr
f) 90 85. 2 WwW, Ir.
A by AT Mr M Prilipe,
Mrs. A o r. Ih
Mr. Marshall, Mr. was MG. G Baleat, 1. W. M. Stewwit, Re,
H. or, Ms. RB. 3 {Behartl, Rev. Frans Botbul,
Mr. T. Jasvie, Mr. pocken. aad Mrs. J. Bvass, W.
Kvoss, Master Brame, We. A Ln. Mp. |Blagsll, Jas
Leslie. J, Hoviland. G. bs Jenin. A B. ad Man MeRosn. J,
Board of Aldermen.
RB. Warren, R. R. Seward, Mr. and Mys. Marvin, jr., Mr, Hay, Ms. Son,
ford, J. Murphy, C. C, Willer J. L. Moats, W. Waregion N. Thom:
ason, Mrs, and Miss Jones, Mr, Menoles, 3 Misses Ingersol, Mra. aed
Miss Stanton, Mr. Le Blane, Miss Marvin, 8, 1. Thompson, Mr, Conrad,
Mr. Loe, Mrs. Thos. fiims, Mrs, R. KrHey, Mrs, Dork as governess, Mrs,
Huse Mrs. 8. H. Falkner, Mrs. Babooek, Col. Haghes, Mr. J, Ger
son end son, Mr, T. I’, Petrocochine, Mra J, Porter. 3 children and
narse, Miss Stanton, Mrs. R. C. Faft, Miss I oll, Mrs. W. F. Stew.
ard, Mrs. Marvin, Jr., Mrs. A. Maries, Mm. rd C. Smith, Mrs, Baek,
Mrs. Liviagstone, 8. Lord, ir. Mr. Ballock, Mr, Bissell, Mra. McTavish
and maid, Mr. and Mra. A. J. Milbank, Miss J, Willard and nurse, Mrs,
8. Torner, Mrs. Chamberlain, Miss Loach, Mr. and Mrs. Marvin, Mr.
and Mrs. W, E. Dodge, jr., Mrs. J. A. Wray, Mrs, Embury, Mrs. Bicker
man Gen. MeCook.
REAVER VAS BMFTRAAR TER
Sun ri008...00. 7:11 Run sets. .oere.... 4:33) Moon rises....es..1:33
WIG WATER THIS DAT—A, M.
Sandy Hoeok....2:5) Gov's Island.... 3:71, Hel) Gate Perrv... 5:20
Hii WATEK THIS DAY—P. NW,
Sandy Hook.....%:28 Gov's Island.... 4:02 Hell Gate Ferry... 5:51
FURT OF BLEW-TORRB .covveveersneerses JJECENBER U.
CLEARED.
Rteamship Alport (Br.), Le Messurier, Liverpool, Chas. G. Praneklyn.
Eteamship Calorado (Br.), Freeman, Liverpool, Williams &k Guion.
C Stesaship Ellen 8. Terry, Salyear, Newbern, N. C., Murray, Ferris
aod Tillie, Deering, Key West and Galveston, C. H. Mallory
Bark Damon, Rhaw, London, A. Starbuck,
Bark Factolas (37), Dalryale, Havre, J. P. Whitney Co.
Brig Irene (Br), are, Glasgow, Geo. F. Bulley,
Brig Wexford (Br.), Patterson, Bordeaur, D. B. Ds Welf Co.
Brig Decidido orc), Pry Lisbon and Cadiz, C, Lodman Co.
Brig Oliver Cutts (Br.), elson, Port-aa-Prince, R. Nurny,
Brig Aretic (Br), Crass, Be. Johns, N. F.. J. P. Whitney Co.
Brig W. A. Henev, Tavlor, Greasds, Middleton Co.
Beh. Jocdie Tarver, Very Oras, 3 wd y Ye EC
Mary BE. Snmons, mond, Ev 0.
Behr. Geo, Washington, Peck. Stanford,
Bcbr. Gersh Banker, Colton, Para, F. Moran,
Schr, Clare Woodhouse, Buscll, Bras, Woodhouse, Sonthmayd
Radd, id
Behr, i Ann MeCaun, Kavanab, Norfolk, 8, C. Load Co.
Schr. A. M. Aldrich, Swain, Richmond, Va., Van Brant Bros.
Behr, Mary Edwards, Greenleaf, Baltimore, W. Chalmers,
Behr. Dart, Jobnson, Stamford.
Steamship Rusa (Br), Lat RIVED. Nov. 25, and
ship sa (Br.), Lott, ve 1 Nov. 25, a acestown
26th, with mdse. 36d Jans. to C, G. Freohiva.
Steamship City of Antwerp (Br). Eynon, Liverpool Nov. 23, and
Queenstown 24th, with mdse. and pass. to John GG. Dale,
Steamship Wisconsin (Br.), Freeman, Liverpool Nov. 22, and Queens
town 234, yi md: e. and pein. to Williams Guion.
Steamship Pereire (Fr.), Daure, Havre Nov. 24, and Brest 25th, with
mdse. and to Geo. Mackenzie,
eam Montgomery, Faircloth, Savannah, with mdse. and pass. to
Robt. Lowden.
Steamship San Salvador, Nickerson, Savannab, with mdse. and
pass. to W. R. Garrison,
Steamship Manhattan, Woodball, Charleston, 8. C., with mdse, and
pase. to H. R. Morgan Co.
Steamship Niagara, Walker, Richmond, City Point, and Norfolk,
with mdse. and paes. to Old Dominion Steamship Co,
Steamship Isase Bell, Blakeman, Richmond, City Point, and Norfolk,
with mdse. and pass. to Old Dominion Steamship Co.
Steamship Stampede, Willis, Boston for Philaaelphia,
Brig Vesta (Br.). Glann, Harbor Grace, N, F., 18 days, with herring,
Sehr. Albert Treat, Sawyer, Aux Cayes 17 dass, with logwood.
Selir, Isabel (of New-Loadon), Dennison, San Blas 20 days, with cocoa:
nota,
Behr. Sparkling Sea, Farrell, Jacksonville 20 days, with Inmher.
Schr, Lewis A, Eawards, Rowland, Jacksonville,” 13 days, with yellow
Ball
Czar, Savannah, Marble Hall. Savannah,
Vroie, Chor ston, Julia R. Flovd Georgeiown, 8, C,
Henre Allen, Georgetonn, 8 C, Ben Davis, Wiluingtoe, N. C.
Mary D. Cronmer. Virginia, Erotus, Vircinia,
T. (i, Benton, Viroin a, Monteven, Virginia,
Yenkee Poole, Virgiia Adaliza, Virginia,
Alethea, Virginia, 8. J. Vanehan, Virginia,
A.W. Collins, Vircinia Palestine, Virginia
Muderator. Virginia. M. Libbitts, Virgiria.
Julius Webb, Virg. ia. Fea Qaeen. Virgil ia.
0. P. Binrs, Virgivia, Eiizahetn White, Virginia,
Ellen, Baltimore. John Price, Baltirore,
W. G. Barulett, Baltimore, J. W, Bannerman, Alexandria,
PJ. Paine, Philadel; lia Anna M rick. Philadeinlia,
Eawarl Ewing, Phil ira Bizek Dinmont, Philadelphia,
Decatur Oakes, Phila: A. BE. Craumer, Virginia,
0
Edward Slade, Alexar.dr a, I. K White, Philalelphia.
M. E. Taber: Alexandra. J. W. Hive, levardris,

8. P. M. Tasker, Philadephia, J.T. Alharger, Philadelphia,
Krow Fiake, Virsiuia, D. W, Vangkau, Virginia.
Jamestown. R chmonl, Kethweca, Philadelphia,
Hor. tio Nichol, Vircin'a, Ade'ia B. Virginia,
J. I Rove. Elizahethpori, No.son Harvey, Elizabehport,
Frney, Elinabethpor, Laoeray, Elizavethiport,
Carrie Lo Hix, Port Joliwson, Janes Jones, i
M. W. Wilson, Virginia. R. W. Landell, Virvinia.
Francis, Viginia, W. IL Kensel, Virz ama,
M. B. Cook, Gorgetoown D, C. Greorre B. Fogge, Virginia
G. L., Port Joanson Reiuueer, Port Johnsoa.
WIND—Sun-et, fresh, W,; clear,
SAILFD.
Steamshins Alzeria and Colorado, for Liverpocl; Ellen 8. Terry, for
Newborn, N.C,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Bostow. Dee. €.—Arrived, steamships Oricuta!, from Savannah; Me.
Cleilan, feom Bait nore,
NorkuLK, Dee, 6.—Arrived, steamshin Austrian, from Liver ool.
FOREIGN TORTS.
Qreeverowy, Dee. 6.—The Guin steamship Minnesota, Capt. Free.
wean, ror Now-York Nov, 22 for Liverpool, touched at this port to-dey,
and proceeded,
MEMORANDUM,
Porton, Dee. 6.=The carea of the bark Perane, ashore at Nansett,
inl cine wiwehiarzed on the buach. The prosrect is goo! for savirg t oth
vosnel aid cargo. Tie wind and weatler are now favorable. ‘Ike vessel
has Leen pomped dey, LL
‘For Latest Ship News gee Firth Page.)
Misceilaneons.
a a A IN NPIS INNING
Clk USTMAS PARCELS for EUROPE
can be seut in sefety and dispatch by
AMERICAN-EUROPEAN EXP RESS,
BROADWAY, 7 PROADWAY
and forwarded to any art of Englaud, Treland, Seotiend, Prance, Ger
may, Switzerland, aud Italy at moderate rates. Steamers sail three
tiles Week. AUSTIN, BALDWIN Co,
Proprietors, 32 Broadwar,
(CANDIES FOR TITRE TTOLIDAYS.—Chureh
Fuirs aud Sunday-sc! rv, liodgat carly reduced prices,
JAS. A, QUINN Co, 102 Cheiuam- st. _
Dt ARIES for 18:2, from 23 cents to 83; Ex
ense Books, Patent Spraog-Hack Account Pooks, Stationery and
ky ning of e every kind, Orders solicited. FRANCIS LOUTREL, 45
dens
Dentistry.
ATGHING GAS for EXTRACTIONS a Spe
dc itv.—w1 the first tooth; 50 ents esc allitonal. Pr. A, J,
CoLBY. Dentist, 32 Eat Forrieentliot,, Jdoors wert of Calvert pha
a
ee
Marble and Slate fKlantels.
“—_——~ a—~— no
A KLARER 5 Steam MM. ARB E and MARBLE
(Ne IZING VO KS 174 snd 136 bast Eightecuth-st. Marble and
Morbiezed Muatei., Il ng, Marhie Counters, Wg at prices that
dety fore tion, Mari be tuining for the trade,
[Db AMELED SLATE MANTELS.— Plan,
4 Moollezed, and Decorated, at prices from $10 to #30 and upward.
Als, olate work of evarr degen fi pian ond ormamental
PENRUAN (LATE Co. No. 40 West Eighteenth st,
between Pith and Sixth- aves,
KL A WER Co. Marble Works, 293 West
ehistest ht, ibroad’y aud Sii-av. Marko aud @orbicized mantels, mon
unui ei tones: loroeot veniedes; che Spe) in cher, x Set for dcugre,
b
soriieat on theo tat lowest prices. El ant new in us. T.
IEWART Co.. 0° 5 Sixth-ave., bet, Thirtv-tiih and Toirty-sixth-at

fiotels.
A A IA NL ALSATIAN
DR ITANGE HOTEL, ichmoud, Va., 300
4 Koos, uowly fits Mand ror) hed: accom d toons for 600 guess,
Bei Louse in B chinond. Maj. J. L. CARLIAGTON, Proprietor.
RNNNSN———— ee
Orrice LiGuT-mor ss LNCINGERIY, SIXTH UH TicT,
Bavitwoke, Mi, Novewber 23, WL
PROPOSALS for BRICK.—Sealed Proposals
will be poceived at thos office unti) 12m. SATURDAY, Decev her 23,
1331, for furnishing Brick for tLe coustruction of a new Light-house near
St. Aagmstire, Foo,
Tie quantity required i8 900,000, more or leas, They are to be of the
grade anown as tie “prime darkored pasiog” or straicht red hard
saving” brick. They must be made of well and evenly tempere’ clay
Pani moked, wood-burued, and all to te of the best guality of tl vir aod
—to be of unitorm size. 2 inches thier, 4 inches wide, and 8 ivekes long,
well squared ard not warped, and wien rtruck with amy hand substance
to give a clear ringiug sound. A samplo of tho Uriel offered must accom
pany the bid,
Tle brick are to be delivered on the Light-house wharf ou the east side
of Anastasia Island, Florida, uear St. Avgu tive,
Bidders will state at what price per thousand they will farnish snd de
liver the bricks as aforesaid. ‘Uli right to reject any or all bis for any
reasons that may be deemed sufheient is reserved. bach bid must be gece
companied by a bond, tigned by the biider and two compe ent sareties
(certified to be such by sowe officer known to the i'reasary Lepartiueut)
in the sum of five thousand dollars ($3,000) tbat, in the event of the ace
ceptance of such Lid, the necessary coniiact will Le entered into within
five (5) days after notice is given by tue ageut of tle Ligit-bouse ¢stab
lishment that the bid has been accebied.
Bond snd security io the sam of five thousand dollars ($5,000), signed
by twe competent bondswmen, for the faiiutul performance of the contract,
be requi
All proposals must be signed, sealed, an) indorsed  Propoeals for
Purnishiog Brick for a Ligat-house for St. igustine, a," and theo in.
closed in another envelope and directed. prejy ii, to “Captain Peter C,
Hains, United States Buginoer Union Bank Lali ‘ing, Baltimore. Md."
Any bidder may be present aod witness the opening of the bids at the
time and place hereinbefore Spedel
Fevnesis for the work will be made quarter heatiy, upon’ stimates cer
tied to by the Agent of the Light-house Establishment, but Savaly (30)
per ceutam of the amount of each estimate will be withheld antl) the sat
{factory completion of the contrast.
Npeciliestions, forma of Proposals, sad any further information desired,
ms; be oblained from the sadersigued PEER C. HAINS,
Captaia of E-zincers, U. 8. A,
Light house B~ fo: er Sixth District.
BENGISEBER'S UFriCB, 3 1... 51. VIsY.,
ToMPRINSVILLE Ni w-Yonx, Noy. 13, 171,
TO QUARRYMEN and BUILDERS.—PRO
POSALS for the matenls and labor for c.mnpleting the foundation
and constructing the pier and landiug-wharl for UGH THOUE B va Race
Rock, Long Island Seund, N. Y.
Scaled proposals will be yaceiveldt this office mil neon of Dec. 18,
1871. for the materials and laber ovulating 8 foundation ard for
constructing the pier and lauding wharf for the Bit wee for Race Roek,
iy Teland Sound, secording to plzns a1.} specilicatious therefor to Le
bad by parties Jesirous of bidding 08 3p) lication 10 the undeisigne
Proposals must be in duplicatt, ace wjani~d by a8 enanniy in duphi
cate, and printed copy of this aivertio wert ati Le to each piopes-L
Yivpomls mugt be made on the Llapk (ur, ati ted tw the oj ec.bica
tions furnished hy ts office, and bicders must coniorm to he require
ments under the bead of instruc:ions to bi ders
The following are the quautitics and div: ~nsivns for the work adver.
The foundation to be completed by a protection of 8,070 tune of granite
blocks, quarried regular iu shape aud nia: wieg fom xis tect 6 inches
to 43418 fect, and weighing from eight to ton tans ec,
The pler is to be in shape of the frustrum ot 8 cone, 57 fest In diameter
at base and 52 feet diameter wt top, avi fort high.
The Minding wharf is to he 25 feet wide by 8 fee d inches loug.
The following are the esti nae (uaatities ivguwicad
41,.35.5 cable feet of cat stou-.
7,207.1 cubic feet o! rough stone.
16,408.7 cubic fet 0 conciete
3.066, 4 eubic ft of 1 rieh work,
8.000 tans of <i 19ite for foundation,
J.C. WOODRUFF, Lt. Col. Engineers Ecgincer 38 LH. Dist.
FOR BRIDGEPORT, and all points on Honsa
tosle and Naugateekr Kallioads “uwie OL Flamer leaves
Catherine ailp at 12 noon, (Sandars exec;
NEPTUNE LINE STEAMERS Daily for
PRO 'IDENCE, BOSTON, WORCESTI'RR,
st 4p m.. (rem Pier <7, N. R., jot of Robizson-it,
Cabin fare to LUSTUN: $1 23 To PROVILLACPE, $3,
Deck lars to BUBIUN, wi 2h To FROVIDANC, #2.
Freight at lowest rales. Conpect 4 Providence wih Buses and Prov.
and Prov. Warcestes Bb. 14."0 tor all bivortant B. bas. cides and enw
BRIDGE nd ts
“em
MINIATIER aI. MANA
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCEH
PORT OF NEW-TOKK..co.c00erreeerssss DECEMBER 6,
furonosals.
rr A SA ot
Gleamboats and Railroads.

ttt Catt Sa ayn
FOR NEW-HAVEN, HARTFORD, SPRINGS
FikLD, AND THE NORTH, ~Steamers leave oe
Haven at 3:15 and 11 p. m., connecting with the Ralireads,
nt ach a— kvtwEandvastbdts eS a
hn
SAF ETY, SPEED, AND COMFORT.
For Boston, Worcester, Groton Juvetien, Lowell, Lawt
spn, new and slanch steamers
CITY OF BOSTON.
OF NEW.YORK,
CITY OF LAWRENCE, and
wil leave CITT OF NRW-10WDON:
Fi Th er fede gid) 4 Sl. Bo
for the above points, via New. Northern, Norwich and Wesesp
ter. and Boston, Hartford, and Brie Rallrosds,
New-York, Oct. 18, 1008, SORT. Je, Ap
SPECIAL NOTICE—~CHA
On sud afer Monday 16th fuss. Sound Steamers oy
and CITY OF NEW-YORK, of the Norwich and Worcester
leave Pier 40, North River, for Boston and Intermediate points, a0 6
o'clock instead of 5 o'clock p.m. x
(CENTRAL RAILROAD OF NEW-JERSEY
Passenger a t Depot in New- Liberty st,
pects at Somerville with Souts Branch Railroad; at Hampton etiony
with the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Railroad st Philipsburg
with the Lebigh, ad. Busquebaona Division; and at Easton, ih
Lehigh Valley Ralirodd sod jfs eompeetions, forming a direct live to
Pittsborgh and the West, withdl® «<hapge of cars; algo to Central Pesar
ania sd NeTLLENTOWN LINE TO THE WesT™™ “Gr
WINTER ARRANGEMENT, ry, 7
Commereing November 22, 1871. —Leave New-York as follows:
6 a. wm. ~For Flemington, Easton. Bethlehem, Mauch Chnok, Wilkess
barre, Pittaton, Mahanoy City, Mt Carmel, Haselton, Tunkhannock,
Towanda, Waverly, Belvidere, &e.
iL m.—For Easton. Conoects at Junction with Del., Lack. and West,
9a. m.~Wgsrery Pxpruss, daily (except Sandays), for Raston, Allene
town, Harrisburg, and the West, Fh 4 at Somerville for Piemiog
ton; at Plillipsburg with Lehigh and Susquenanas Division for Mave
Chunk, Wilkesharre, Scranton, Williamspors, Erie, &kc.; at Easton w
Lehigh Valley Railroad for Mauch Chunk,
10:30 a. w.—~Way Train for Somerville,
12:50 p. wm.—For Flemington, Easton, Allentown, Maaeh oY
Mabavoy City, Hazleton, Wilkesharre, Reading, Colambia, Lancaster,
Eplrate, Pottaville, Harrisbarg, &c.
2 p. m.—For Plaiuteld.
2:30 p. m.—For Buston. Connects at Phillinsharg with Lebigh and
Sasq. Doveion for Allentown, Wilkesharre aw! Serauton; and at Hrstony
with Lehigh Valley R. R. for Allentown and Catasauqua; at Phillipe
barg for Belvidere,
3:20 p. w.=For Plainfield,
4 p. m.—For Easton. Allen'own and Mauch Chunk, Connects at Jane
tion with Del, Lack. oud West, R. H
4:30 p. m.—For Somerville avd Fiv.uington.

5 p. m.—For Somersilie,
oad ~CINCINNATI Express, daily, for Eas*on, Bethlehem i
town, Reading, Harrisburg, Pittsburgh, Chicago, aud Coc unat.  Bitepe
ing aud Palace Cars to Pittsburgh and Chicago. Fy
6 p. mw. ~For Somerville,
7p. m.—Fof Somerville.
7:30 p, m.—(Emigrant)—For Phillipsburg. X
9:15 p. m.—For Painted.
11:20 p. m.—~For Plaintield.
For Elizabeth at 5:30, 6:00, 6:90, 7:15, 7:45, 2:00 8:3, 9:00 4:18,
10:00, 10:30, 11:45 0. m.; 12.3), 12:45, 1:30, 2:00, 2,0, 3:0) 5:20 348,
400, 4:0, 4:45, 5:00, 5:13, 5:45, 0.00, 6:29, 7:00, 7:30, 7:45, 8:20, P15,
10:30, 11:20, 12:00 p, mw. bo
Ticketa for the West can he obtained at the office of the Central wail.
road of New-Jersev, foot of Liberty-st.,. New-York; and at ihe principal!
hotels aud ticket offices in New-York City.
Say as R.'E. RICKER, Shperintendent
HB KICAGCK, smperninien
H. P. BaLpwin, Genera] Passenger Agcut.
DELAWARE, LAC KAWANNA and WEST
MORRIS AN. En EX DIVISION
NEW BROAD GAUGE LINE to Water Gap, Etrou 'sharg. Scranton,
Binghamton, Syracuse, and Oswego, WITHOUT CHANGE OF CARS,
Depots in New-York, foot of Barelay-st. and foot of Ciristouber-vt.
we 13: BR ARRANGEMENTS, cominencing MONDAY, Novemver 29,
8:07 a, m. BROAD GAUGE EXPRESS TRAIN, via Boonton Braneh,
runs directiy through from New-York to Oswezo, without chanze of are.
cont ectiug at Dover with Chester R. R., and st Scrauton wish L. and
B. R. R. for Kingston Wilkegharre, Pittston, &e, i
7:15 a.m, EXPRESS MAIL TRAIN, eouoecting at Denvlile with Boon.
ton Branch. at Dover w.to Coester Branch, at Waterloo with Susca 1 8
fcr Andover and Newton, at Washington with tke D., L.. sul W, i. BR.
for Water Gap, Strouighurg, Scranton, Great Bend, Biagharat on,
ruse, and Oswego, and at Easton with Lehigh Val.ey BR. B. for all
ob that road.
12:00 m.., LEHIGII VALLEY EXPRESS stops at Newark, Mciries
town, Dover, Waterloo, Hackettstown, Washingion, Phillipsburg and
Lastan; connects at Waterloo with Sussex Railroad; at Phillipsherg
wth Bel, Del. R. R. for Belvidere, &ec., and st Eton with L. V. R.
jn Betulebem, Allentown, Mauch Chunk, Wilkesbarre, Reading. snd’
arris’ iu
4.00 p.m. BROAD GAUGE EXPRESS TRA.N, via Paterson land
Boonton, runs directly though to 8 aatn winout chanze of fars,
stopp.ng at principal s ations. Connecting at Tie” with Chester R. R,
#105, m. FASTON EXPRESS connects at ner with Chester B
R.. at Waterloo with Sussex R, R., aud st Erson with L, V, RR. for
Leth elem, Allentown, Reading ilarvisburg. and the West,
3:20 p. m. HACKETT 3TOWN MAIL, connects with Boonton, Chegter,
and Sussex Railroads.
Li2pom, LOVE! EXPRESS,
For MORRINTOWN, at 7:15, 9:10, 11:20, 17:00 m,, 2:30, 3:20, 4:10,
5:20, and U:40 p.m,
For SUMMIT and intermediate fiation) at fn, 7:15,7:45, 9:10, 10:10,
and 11:20 8, m,, 2:30, 3:20 4:20, 6:00 and 6:40 p. m.
For ORANGE and SOUTH ORANGE, 6:30, 7:15, 9:10, 9:49, 10:10,
and 11:20 8. m.., 1:10, 2:30, 3:40, 4:20, 4:30, 5:30, 6:00, 6:40, 3:30, 9:15,
snd 1:5 pow,
‘or NE K, ot 6:30, 7:15, 7:45, 8:40, 9:10, 9:40, *10:10, 19:30,
why NEWAR) "12:00 m., *1:10, 2:00, *2:30, 3:20, 3.40, 3:50. 4:10,
$420, 4:50,5:10. 8:20, 5:3. 6:00, 26:20, 6:40, “H:00, 8:20, 9:13, and
45 p.m. Trains marked stop at East Newark,
A BLOOMFIELD 251 MONTCLAIR, au 6:9,
v 2:00. 3.50, 5:10, 6:20, a 8
8:40 ani 11:00 a. aud 2: Tt 4]. ausrittendend
TRIE RAILWAY.—WINTER ARRANG
1 V NLL NALLY A L~VV ALN LALA SR IRAMAANAE Ge
"4 MENT of Trains, takivg effect Dee. 4, $1871. From Cbanbeite
st. Dejot. gor Twenty-thind-st. sce note below.)
y:30 a. 1. Cincinnati and Chicago Day Express. Drawing-Room og
to Buffalo end Nigh Falls, and Sleeping Coaches 10 destina
10:00 o. m, Express Mail for Buffalo and ga Falls, Drawing:
Coach to iy ard dee lag Cone Jo destipativn,
8:20.p. in. Night Express.  Siceping-Cosches to B sad Niagers
alls,
7:00 p. 1. (Daily) Cizeinnatl and Chieago Night Express. Rleepin
fe ,ches through to Cincinnati, Buflalo, Niagara Falls aod thence
“hicago.
For Port Jervis, 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 and *12:15 a m., 4:0, 5:30 and "10
mn,
id For Goshen and Middletown, *7:30, 8:00, 12:30, 11:00 and *1L:15 a m.,
3:50, 4:30, 3:30, and “$7:00 p. m. H
For Warw.ck, £:00, 11:00 and 111:15 a, w., 4:3 p. m,
For Newbargh, 18:30, 9:30 and 11:00 x m., 3:30, 4:30 and 5:20 p. m.
For Safern, ¢:00, 16:30, 11:00 and *13:15 a mu, 3:30, 5:00, 5:30, 6:00,
16:30, *7:00 and *11:00 p.m,
For Ridgewood, Hohokas, Allendale and Ramsers's, 8:00, 18:30, 11:00,
*11215 a. w., 3:30, 5:00, 6:00, 16:50, 7:00 and *11:00 p. w.
For Paterson, 6:45, #7:30, 8:00, 18:3), 10:00. 11:00, *11:15 8. m., 12:M
m., *1:45. 3:30, 4:00, 5:00, 5:18, 8:30, 6:00, *6:30, *9:00, 9:15, *11:0
p. m., and *12:00 midoight.
For Ratherfurd Park and Pacsaie, 6:45, *7:30, $8:30, 10:00, ih
a. nL, I2 m., 1:48, 3:30, 4:00, 2:15, 6:00, *6:30, 4:15 p. m. snd *12:
wiieight.
For Hackensack and Way, 8:15 a, m., 12:45, 4:00, 5:00, 6:00, 6:24
p.m, and Satentaly only 12:09 wid,
For Hillslale and Way, #15 a. w., 12:45. 4:00. 5:00 and 6:00 p. m.
For Spiiug Vailey aud Way, 7:45 and 8715 8. mn. 12:45, 4:40, 5:00, ond
00 p.m,
For Englewood, 7:43, *8:00, 8. m., 1:3), 3:15, 4:15, 4:45, 5:3. 6:30 ond
*7:45 p, in. Saturdays only 12:00 mid.
For Cress’ i 1, 7:45, *9:00 5, m., 1:30, 3:15, 4:15, 5:30, ¢:30 and *7:48
p.m. Saturdays only i2:%0 miduight,
For Upper Piermont, 7:45, *9:00, a. m.. 1:30, 4:15, 445, 5:30, 6:7,
avd 17:45 p.m. Satardays omy 12:00 midoight.
For Plerwont and Nysek, “00 a, m., 1:30, 4.45, 85:30, 6:30 aud 17:
p. m. Saturdars only 12:00 whinge
N. B.~Trans leaving Chamnhers-st even hours or laif Lours len
Taenty-thind st. fifteen minutes eariier than above time Last bo
from Twentv-third-st.. 9:00 p. w.
MN. B.—Trains ou the N. R. R. of N. J. leaving Chambers st. 04
quarter hours, leave Tweuty-third st. thirty micotes earlicr thaa above
time, J
Tickets for passage and for Apartments in rR a and Slespin,
Cozches ean Le obtained, and orders for the cheeking and trap<fvr o
Baggawe may be left at the Company's offices 241, ty and 9% Broads
way; cor. One Hundred-and-twenty-gith-st. and Third ave., Harlew 4
Court-st., Brooklyn; 104 Broadway, Wiliiamsburgh; ai the Company's
Depots. avd of Agents at the principal hotels,
Daily. t Sundays ouly. Goshen Sundays only. 2 Xrack only,
CT WM. Re BARK, Geul, Pase'r Agent.
L. DP.
N EW-YORK AND NEW- HAVEN RAIL
SUMMER ARRANGEVENT,
COMMENCING MAY 2, 187L
Passenger Station jo New-York. comer of Twentyseventbot 4
Fourth-ave, Eulrance on Twenty seventh -st.
Passenger Station fo New-York. comer of Twenty seventh-ot 4
Fourth-ave, Eutrance on Twenty sevenib-st
TRAINS LEAVE NEW-YORK
For New-Haven and Bridgeport, 7, 8 (Ex), 1:30 a, m.; 12:15 (Bg.),9
BE ond. Stratford, Faisteid,” Sou aw
“or Milford, Stratford, Fai rt, an t 1:30
m.; 3:45, 4:50, and 5:30 p. m. b Beutbpo port, 1 v
{or South Norwalk, 7, 8 (Bx). 9, 11:30 a. m; 12:15 (Bx), 3 (Ex), X45,
4:70 (Ex.). 5:30, 6:30. and 8 (Ex) B m.
For Darien, 7, 9, 11:30 a, m. 3:45, 4:30, 5:30, and 6:37 p. m.
For Stamford, 7, 8 (Ex), 9, 11:30 am. 12:15 (kx), 215, 3 (Ex), 3:48,
4:30 (F1.), 4:45, 5:30, 6:30, 7:15, 8 (Ex.) pe 0.
For Greenwich and intermediate Stations, 7, 9, 11:30 a. =m. 2:15, 2:43,
4:45, 5:30, 6:30, 5:15 p. m.
Sunday Mail Train leaves Twenty-seventh-st., New-York, at 7p m los
Boston, via both Springfield Line and Shore Line,
CONNECTING TRAINS,
For Boston via Springgen, 8a. m;3end8p wm
For Boston via Shore Line, 12:15 and 8 p. 1a.
For Hartford and Sprinzfeld, 8 a. m.; Lis. 3, and pm
For Condecticut River Railroad, 8 a m., 12:15 p. m. to Northampton,
3 1 m. to Montreal.
or Hariford, Providence and Pishkil) Railroad, 8 a. m., 12:15p. m. _*
For Shore Line Railway at 8 a. m. to Norwich aod Providesce, 12:15,
3, to New-Loodon and Norwich; 8 p. m,
For New-Haves and Northampton Bailroad, 8 a. m.; 3 fm. to North.
enpion and Wiliiamsburgh,
or New-Haven, Miidictown and Willimantic Railroad (Air Line), 8
ol ousbionte Rallrosd, 8 a. m. and 3 p. 3
or Housatonie SA m
For Naugatuck Railroad, 8a. w., 3p. do and 4:70 p. m. to Waterbury.
Fer Danhery sod Norwalk Railroad 7 a 12:15 and 4.20 p. m.
For New-Capaan Railroad), 8 a. m., 12:18 and: 30 p. a
 Commedious Sleeping Cars attached to 8 pm. Train, And sleo to Sus.
day Mail Tin one ther Line. Drawing-reem Car attached to tied

a 18. aod 3 p. m. Traivs
tickets to any point resched over ibis read a8
a Denos of the New-York and Now Haven R. R., cor. Twenty-seveatdh
st. and Fourth-ave. also at the Ulices of the New-York Transler Ce,
(Dodd's Kapres). No, 944 Broadway aed Ne. Court-st., Brooklys; aad
by leaving sui le notice, can bave their bacapy called for sud checked
fom vesijence to destinabon. MES 0. LIOYT, Seok
EW-YORK CENTRAL AND HUDSON
RIVER RAILROAD, Commencing Mendar. Xa, Bi. 1971,
Turough Traise will leave from New Depot, Foorth-ave. Forty.
sec!
0 a. Chicago aud Meatrea) with Drawisg-reem care
08 rengh a et Eien: ies
10:30 "Bd Maga Pi Express, with Drawing ree ears to Buffalo
10:50. wm, N and Westers Express.
3:4) p. B., Syectel T oy Express. on Fatinleys
4:00 p. Bal ontreal Express, w.th Sleeping-cars from New-York to Sb
x us
6:00 m., Kxpress, with Sleepingears for Watertown, Oswego, and
‘snandsigus.
8:00 m.. Pacife Exorces, with Sleeping-cars for Rochester, Buhls,
oni Niagara Falls; Sls for Chiesgs, via both L. S. snd M.
Ravinesie; and for St Louis, via Toledo, leave: o0 Sanday 80
pm
11:00 p. m.. Express, with Sleeplag-cars for aad Albany.
All ives] trains 1upn.ng wordy of Hag he from new depot
Yonkers Special Trains from Thistietbst.. west side. a8 haretulare,
___ H. KENDRICK, Geoenl Passengers Asrat.
NEW. JERSEY RAILROAD—FROM FOOT of
J DESBROSSRES-ST. and Soot of CORTLANDT ST.—For
WEST FUILADELPHIA, of 8:30 08d 9:30 4 m,, 12:3, 4:00. 0, &°9,
oi 0% pom, 12 might: 01 Bandars at 05w p.m, For Philadelphia
via Camden. 7 a.m.. snd 1 p.m. For BALTINORE and WASHING
TUN and THE WEST, via Baltimere, 3:00. 15:30 and S: 30° p.m,
por un SOUTH. 8:30 a. m., 9:20° p, wm. Sliver Palace ours "iar ihe
nist Lrvchiure daly, co Side 'p wm snin. TASS Por
WEST, via Jessgpivan Railroad—9;30 a. sa. 48d 834° YAS pm.
Sliver Palace are attached to the 9:30 80d rea hrongh
New-York to Pittsburgh Chic and Lourie, without change.
Palace cars are sttachod to the $100 pw. duily, and run throagh to
burgh, Ciucaonatl, Louisville, and BA Lesis, withest change. 8 rer
Pe «cars ar adacheu to the 8:30 p m., 88d Fun through from Ne a.
Yorn te Fart Wayne, Chicago, wit Tickets for sale ab feos
of Daabrossegest., foot of Co Broadway,
(*Daily.) Nov, 12 thon
F. W. RANKIN. Gen Pass. Art F. W. JACKSOR, Geol Sop's
0) ——g—
QUUTH SIDE R. R. OF L. 1.
Winter Arrangements, conmencing Oct. 30, 171, from Roosevelt and
Graud-st, Ferries, Now-York.
8:30 a. w. Mail for Patchogue, by stage for Belleport aud Fire Placa,
Lim 8. 1. Aceommealsbit ve. by siage for Belieport and Pire Place
3: p. wm. Express lov IN
4 n n Arvommedation for Islip, through to Patchogue on Saturdare
LE pew, Babylow Accomodation.
{420 me de ommolarion for Herr und 810 rales aceneet
‘be 8; aw. e 3: 0. Wm. iralee
Toe Valley Stream for rity jus Hesiesead 4
DOV durerishndond
ee Time Toblea
5