TJJ33 PRESS.
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 30, 1S71.
CITY AND VICINITY
Ktn Aslveri••£■»****!■ To-Day.
SPECIAL NOTICE COIUk®.
The Mease of Escape.
Skates....G. L. Bstley.
■NTEBTAINMENT COLUMN.
Social Assembly... .Lancaster Hall.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Reliable Insurance—W. D. Little Sc Co.
Notice....E. J. Gallagher.
Removal....Redlon Simms.
Notice....The Ladles.
SheriQ Sale ...J. W. Forsaitb.
New Law Books....Loring, Short Harmon.
G. T. R..... Change ot lime.
Supreme JnM'eiul Court.
BEFORE JUDGE TAP LET.
Saturday—Inhab. of Pownai, complement*, vs.
Edward W. Merrill.
Complaint under the statute to compel the defend
ant to contslbute toward the support of his eon,
who is In the Insane Hoipital. Compl m
missed.
Stront Sc Gage. Vinton.
Ariel J oiling*.
The Governor has appointed Hon, M. D. L.
Lane of this city, Judge of the Superior Court
in place of Judge Goddard, resigned.
Superintendent Prescott of the Eastern Rail
road, has established signals at all the stations
ot that road; consisting of a ball by day and a
lantern by night; and no engineer is allowed
to enter a station nclesshe sees the signal.
The ladies of Bosworth Belief Corps, are re
quested to meet at G. A. B. Hall to-day, at 3
o’clock.
The Bossini Club promise a concert next
month.
John McMillan, landlord of the McMillan
House at North Conway, is lying dangerously
111 with sciatica.
The Ladies Belief Association eeut five or
six large cases of clothing to the West on Sat
urday.
Mr. John Massey has given 8100 to the Port
land Natural History Society.
It is said that the Preble House will be re
opened December 1st i
Four drunks at the police station on Sun
day, as was the case yesterday, is somewhat
iintiRiial
Sbay’s Qaincuplcxal is to be here to morrow
night. Charley ia not a “one horse Shay.”
The Mercantile library Association on Sat-
arday night discussed the relative merits Oj
lectures and concerts, as promoters of popular
instruction aud good morals.
There is some talk of organizing a Society
for the Prevention of Ciuelty to Animais, in I
this citr.
Coring, Short Harmon advertise a very
nice collection of law books. This firm pays
particular attention to this sort of publications.
In the Municipal Court on Saturday, the li
quors seized at the store of Dennia Warren
we re ordered to be destroyed.
An order from the Adjutant General’s office,
congratulates the military companies of the
Statu on their fine appearance and behavior at
Bangor.
Deputy Marshal Decelle went to Pride’s
bridge on Saturday, on information that a wo
man was in that neighborhood, endeavoring to
d »|>o<* of a horse and carriage and four trunks
uo lrr circumstances which looked a little sus- 1
pieious. The description of the horse corres- j
pouded with that of one stolen in Saco, and so
the deputy started off in a hurry. When he
found the team however, he fouud that the j
proprietress was one of the strong minded
women, who was intending te go West, and
was raising money by a sacrifice of the per
sonal estate.
d
The Bel efFuiitl. C
JOB CHICAGO.
Collected by John Cousens: e)
H H Burgas*, $10 Cash, IS
Klehaid Griffin, 3 A A Alisa, 1
ti
To night at City Hall onr citiaens will have
an opportunity to listen to Prof. Chnrebill ot <j
Andover, of whom the Boston papers have iE
spoken so highly. Among his selections will w
be the Trial Scene from Pickwick Paperst the ol
grave digging scene, from Hamlet, and Christ-
mas Carol. As Mr. Cbnrobill Is considered ei
one of the very first dramatic readers, if not
the first In the country, we expect to see a w
large audience at City Hail to-night. The ,j
evening tickets are only 33 cents, which Is a p
very low price considering Mr. Churchill's rep- t(
utation as an elocutionist rt
The Army and Navy Uaion course opens at *t
Cij;,tUll on Thursday evening next with the v
Grand Concert of the Germania Band and
Orchestra of Boston. Mre. W. H. Smith also
apptars on this occasion, and those of onr b
readers who have never heard this charming b
lady should not fail to be present. The sale of
course ticket* exceeds those ol last year, when b
toms 1700 were sold. It is a fact that City t
llal! is getting too small for any popular en- 1
lertainments. A large number were crowded 7
out at the Cary concert I«st season with tickets
at $1 00, and we presume it will be tbe same t
at the grand Parepa-Rosa concert. c
AI A L.IUIUO S aB3AULT.-AlASi eVCUlUg, »IAUUUL
8 o'clock, three fellow?, evidently on a spree,
passed up Brackett street, and when they ar
rived at the office ot Frank Dyer, one of them
threw a bead of cabbage through the window.
Mr. Dyer was seated iuside, reading, and went j
to the door to ascertain the cause of the as-
aault, when the fellows attacked him, drove
him inside aad followed him. In the affray
Dyer received a heavy blow across tbe base of
the skull behind and one on the lelt temple,
making two bed flesh woods, and throwiog t
him on the stove. His youDger brother, who
wss with him, finding himself nnabl* to pro*
tert his brother, went upstairs and returned g
with a loaded pistol, which he snapped twice t
al the roughs, bnt it did not explode. Mr. j
Dyer’s wounds, which are severe but not dan"
girous, were dressed by Dr. Fogg. Deputy
Decello attempted to find tbe assailants, but j
without success.
TnK Marginal Wax.—The coutrsetors for
th. coustruction of so much of tbe Marginal i
Way as has been ordered are driving forward I
It r r preliminaries with considerable speed, l
Washington street is being cut through and
budged over to allow the passage of trains of i
dirt cars from the hill to the location of the I
strret, at<l the work of filling will be rapid i
when begun. Tbe piling Irotn near the end of i
Takej’s bridge to tbe railroad bridge is almost
fluisbed, and with a favorable season tbe con
tractors will no doubt be enabled to complete
tbe work within tbe prescribed time.
A local poet of German ancestry has been
viewing tbe fountain in Lincoln Park with the
following result:
Der atim&tt Poy standi order Fountain,
And be eou't got on any close.
Und sum young girls dey all plush and say,
‘•Vat he means by sneb conduct as dose.”
Temperance Meeting.—Mr. Francis Mur
phy delivered a very earnest temperance leo
tuie to a large and interested audience at City
Hall last evening. There were about eight
hundred people present, mostly yonng peraoos.
The exercises opened with the familiar hymn
“Coronation,” followed by priyer by Mr. Goog
I es. _
“Miss Columbia’s School.'’—Francis B
Folt k Co., Hew York, have published a saucy
little pamphlet bearing the above title.. It
eoutains seventy-two Illustrations by Thomas
Hast, who, by his celebrated cartoons of the
King, lately published in Harper's Weekly, has
added vastly to his reputation as a satirist.
Tbe readiQg matter of this pamphlet is almost
as amasing as tbe pictures themselves are.
iLoring, Short Harmon have it.
There is a rumor that the daughter of the
Bate Hou. John A. Poor is about to brlDg an
action mruinst the European North Ameri
•eeu Railroad to recover $50,000, which she
•claims to be doe to her father.
Jt will be seen by advertisement that the
steamer City of Richmond will take freight
for all stations on the Bangor Piscataquis
and E. N. A. Railroads and for Houlton.
Atteutiom is asked to the gratifying exhibit
of the condition of the old Plica nix Insurance
Company of Hartford, made by the agents,
Messrs. W^D. Little Co.
Mortuabt.—The whole number of death*
during the month ofSeptember was 65,from tha
following causes:
Consumption, 19; Cholera Infantum, 8; Cholera
Chlld Blrth- 3 ““smile 2;
Heart, I; ou
Age, 4, J uioor, I Conge* ion ol brain 3; Canker. 1;
Typhoid Fever, 1, A|,op-»y,2; s<m n B
1; Murder, 1; Uonvalaioas, Ha,,. Jl
Debill I y, 1; Dropsy, 1. “**n “‘““s- 3>
Thebe will be a meeting at tluT Chestnut
street Church tbie evening, to be addressed by
the Rev. Mr. Parkburst, of Grace Church,
Chicago. This church building aud the homes
and places of business of every member of the
church aud congregation wete consumed in
the great conflagration, not one remaining to
the two bundled and fifty families upon the
visiting list of the pastor. Mr. ParkhutBt will
doubtless give u very vivid and interesting de
scription of the great fire aud of affairs at Chi
cago, and, although his visit has special refer
ence to his church interests in that city,his
account will interest the public, who are in
vited to be present.
A Sink.—Saturday afternoon a gravel trail
was passing over tii» Portland and Ogdetfsbuii
railroad, where it crosses one of the otti
ponds, a mile this side of Sebago Lake, whei
the road-bed souk into the pond, making a gaj
about forty feet long and carryiug down th<
rear car of the train. The car was racoveieo
and a gang of men yesterday put the track in
condition for business. The line across the
otter ponds was a difficult and expensive piece
of road to build on account of the treacberoui
nature of the bottom. There was a large
amount of piling done to luruigh a solid bass
for the road, and it waa thought to be substan
tial.
Correction,
Ur. Editor:—I wish to correct a slight error
in my article of tba 28th init., important only
so lar as it is desirable to make the record right
in regard to the opinion ot the gentleman in
terested. He wished me, as I have learned
since my first interview with him, to under
stand that he cordially absented to the decision
of the majority as to the ‘place of election’
whilst adhering to the opinion that an opera
tion could be safely practised in the foot. This
with the opinion of “one in consultation”and
the suggestions of several others as to the se
lection ot a still higher point, even of cue above
the knee, were to be regarded in the light ef
arguments for the consideration ot the council.
They do not at all affect the points that I
sought to establish. First, that no “grave
doubts” existed in.tlie soinds of those present,
either as to the propriety of the operation or as
to the ‘place ot election.’ That all were united
in fixiug upon the point above the ankle aa
the place of election—or censented to it, either
from their own convictions of its propriety or
because, that, under the eirenmstanees, and
all things considered, it was tbs best thing te
ho done. Wm. Wood.
An Important Recommendation-The
unanimous adoption by the Grand Lodge of
Good Templars, oue of the leading temper
ance organizations in the State, of a report
pp<*fimmDTw1irwT fViat eTiariffa anil iTiaiw ifatinliaa
be made by law a State polioe for the enforce
ment of the State criminal law* in caeea where
local officers refuse or neglect to do so, seems
to suggest a practical remedy for the obvious
defect in our system of enforcing such laws,
snu especially those directed against each
profitable crimes as dram-selling and the keep
Dg of gambling-saloons and houses of iII
i»me, while at the same time is not open to the
brmidable objection of multiplying officeis,
which was presented against the Constabulary
ystem.
We trust that tbe next Legislature will gire
bis recommendation of the friends of temper
ince careful consideration. It has been dem
>nstrated in the case of Lewiston that the
plan is feasible, and can bo made to remedy
ibs short-comings of looal officials. There
iugbt to be no objection to it, inasmuch as,
without changi ng the mode of electing sheriffs,
t simply enlarges their duties and makes them
esponsibleto the Chief Executive of tbe State,
is they formerly were. We trust that the
ride-spread feeling among temperance men
hat tbe State is not doing its duty in the mat
er of executing our criminal laws, and purlieu
arly our prohibitory laws, may lead to tbe ap
ilication of a remedy.—Lewitton Journal
Hems.
The Emperor Alexander has founded a new
miversity iu eommemoration of his visit fe
laucasia. He has also ordered the speedy
depletion of the Caucasian Railway, whioh is
aid to be of great strategic importance.
Tbe Khedive of Egypt is threatened with a
ew difficulty with Turkey. Tke death of All
‘acha, his beat and almost his sole friend at
he Dirac, is a serious blow to him. The cew
t appointed Ministers are dissatisfied at the
ieas of progress matured by tbe Khedive, and
re devising plans to dethrone him, and give
he Facbalic of Egypt to Halem Pacha, or an
ther of their friends.
M. Thiers gives dinners every day, and great
borty of speech is allowed. The President,
rbo is a good whist player, asks men of all
hades of parties to play with him, without
■arlng that -they will devour one another,
eneral Douay, M. Jules Simou, M. de Lancy
-republicans, Bonapartists and legitimists—
re to be seen. Orleacists swarm at the Presi
mcy. M. Thiers smiles upon all; nothing
in disconcert him.
Prince Napoleon has published a pamphlet
■titled "the Truth to my Calumniators." He
ys he was perfect stranger to tbe declare
in of war, and that he only left the army on
ugust 8,18T0, by order of the Emperor on a
plomatic mission to Italy. The Bmptser, he
ys, hoped to draw Italy and Germany into a
sr against Prussia. He (the Prince Napole
ij uau ouereu 10 snare me captivity or me
mporor alter Sedan, bat tbe Emperor refus
l.
Laborers are scarce at St. Johns, N. F., and
omen are employed on tbe wharves at fonr
'tilings per day, bat It Is said not to be a
easant sight to see them unloading vessels,
Uiog flour barrels, wheeling along large bar
ws fu of salt, and carrying flsh into tbe
ores. In Europe women do a plenty ef such
ork.
A man who has read about "cenvertiog
nited States five-twenties” says be longs to
3 a missionary in that field, and knows that
e should cleave te his flock.
Charles Jay, sou ol ourkMiniater to Anstrla>
as seat in hit resignation to the Secretary of
tie committee on the reception of the Grand
>nke Alexis, because be had hoard that
'weed’s name was on tbe committee.
Mrs Moore, oi Indiana,thr ashed her husband
>r getting drunk, and tbe Loniavllle Ledger
alls bet "tbe bride of lam-a Moore.”
The New York Herald mildly calle Brown
s'* “that wrathful and remorseless old meuth
lieco of sulphurous Satanism."
The honor of being tbe riobest man la tbe
Juited Stake lies between William B. Aator,
joruelius Vanderbilt and A. T. Stewart,
•rohably neither of these gentlemen can tell
rilbiti ten inillmus what he is worth, and there
i not supposed to be so much difference bc
weeu them.
It is said that twenty-five States of the Union
ot counting tbe States of Insolvency, were
spreseuted iu the National Insurance Con
ention in New York.
The Register ot the Treasury states that tbe
team tonuage of tbe country for the yearend
]g the 30i,b of June is 1,087,637—increase dur
og tbe year 12,562. Less than 50,000 tons is
egulaily engaged in foreign trade.
Secretary Boutwell’s remark in New York
lvoriug a continuance of the income tax, was
eceived with hiss«s and cheers.
Senator Wilson in a ringing campaign speech
n Newark, N. J., list week, said; “I think
he Republicans have mad* np their mind* to
lominate Gen. Grant.”
Theodore Tilton in his lecture on “Home,”
idvocales that marriage should be a civil con
tact, terminable as all civil contracts are, and
lited the five States iu which the dlvdrce laws
ire reasonable—Maine, Rhode Island, Con
lecticut, Indiana and Wisconsin. Maine peo
ple will be somewhat surprised to learn that
the laws of this State make marriage such a
contract.
A Western newspaper says that: “If tbe
Democratic party iu Indiana can stand tbe
New Departure,’ tbe ‘Buekeye’ revelations,
the Sentinel-Bright-State-Printing exposure,
the Tammany New York frauds, the defeat of
the Railroad Repeal act, and tbereoord in gen
eral of tbe Democratic majority in the last
Legislature, It must be a very robust political
prganixatiou, and with a very strong stomaob.’’
Tbe first deposit on postal aeeount has been
received iu Washington from Alaska
Twelve thousand dollars was received from
the Bremen ehanber *f oommero* yesterday
For Chicago.
Gen. Walker, superintendent ot thn census,
is ou the Plains as a special Indian agent.
Schooner Astra, of and from St. John for
New York, went ashore an Block Island la a
fog, but will be gat off if tha wtathar bolds
good.
Gen. John C. Breckinridge was seranadel
at Nashville, Term,, last Saturday svsning by
mauj j«x-rebel soldiers. Ha made a short
speech in response. He said it was not now
his habit to make speeches, bat eoanselod
against idleness and repining. Ha olossd by
saying: “In love lor yon and grateful reeol
leatiou of the sceoes in whiob we have been
associated,! remain the sauia man l was in
past years."
JIIStEl.l.A.VEOlH NOTICBS.
Honsn Clipping.—Any person wlibieg their
horse clipped by the new machine, which does
the work in two hours, will please send their
address to Box 1873 P. O. “First eome, first
served." 30-lt
Holders of reserved seats to the Army
Navy course are specially notified that they
will be admitted this year by the rear entrance
exclusively, as the galleries hats been so near
ly sold at this early date, that it will be neces
sary to close them to all bnt holders of tickets.
Spotted Like Dohixobs.—The teeth soon
become speckled if every defilement Is Eat re
moved from them every twenty-four hoars.
To do this effectually theta Is nothing like
tozodont. It literally renders the enamel Im
pervious and indestructible. MAW
Os Congreis St. eppotile tbs Preble Heuse,
mey be fouud a large and varied steck of Meu’i
and Boys’ clothing manufactured by Oris
Hawkes Co. ___ 4Saw
Best stock of Boy’s Clothing in the city is
at J. Burleigh Co. 87 Middle street. Coins
early and avoid the rush Saturday evening.
To Captains of Vessels —You wjill find at tilt
Commission House ot H. Taylor Co. 14 aud
10 Exchange St. Texas Beef in cans also Bit
Heat packed by the N. Y. and Texas,Beet Pre
serving Co. for whom we are selling agents.
Call and examine. oct2(5tb-3t
Briggs’ Allavantor cures Catarrh.
Try Briggs’ Throat axt4>£*»S Header.
BY TELEGRAM
TO THE DAILY PRESS.
FOREIGN.
GREAT BRITAIN.
Important It Tine.
London, Oct. 38.—[Special to N. Y. World
At a recent Cabinet council held to cotmidi
question! relating to tbe Royal family, tb
Queen was asked to give her consent to th
marriage of tbe Duke ol Edinburg with th
Russian Princess, also consent to establish
regency with the Prince of Wales as regen
She lefused assent to either proposition. Sul
sequently she refuted to affix tbe Royal signi
tnre Hr public documents which were preseni
ed. The Cabinet afterwards continued tb
discussion of the question of regency, and
definite proposition was introduced to appoin
a Chancellor to sign document.* in place et th
Queen.
CUadsloae’a Addicaa.
An Immense gathering of the inhabitants o
Greenwich took place on Blackheath Commoi
to bear aD address from Gladstone. It i9 es'.i
mated 12,000 were present. Gladstone arrive!
at noon accompanied by his wile, and wa:
greeted with vocilerou3 cheering. He said b(
was profoundly impressed by the grandeur o
this welcome, and sorry that his duties at thi
head oi Her Majesty’s government preventer
him from oftener visiting bis immediate con
itituents. Be then proceeded to discuss thi
subject which has agitated the public. Thi
chief complaint against the government wai
that it attempted to do too much. But tbe ne
cessity existed for stating views and producing
measures on more subjects tbau it was possi
ble to carry into immediate effect. The pres
cuv uuoiai «uiuiuioiiaviuu uau uuu *uc luuti m
life of any similar administiation since 1862,
and there was reason to believe that its vitality
is unimpaired. Gladstone then delivered a
glowing eulogy of the Queen, and spoke in
wairn terms ol praised his colleagues iu the
government. Their labors bad been arduous
and tbe result showed they had not been in
vain. Ireland seemed well satisfied with tbe
past measures of conciliation, and there was
every reason to hope for a future of content l«
that island. The facts connected with the dis
missals from the dockyards hare been grossly
exaggerated. The total number discharged
was 1461, and this reduction was made In sc
cordance with a policy originated by his pred
ecessor. Tbs motion could not but be gratified
by economies effected by ibe present govern
ment through tbe abolition of official patron
age, tbe concentration of military and naval
forees in the withdrawal of troops from Cana
da and New Zealand, ard tbe introduction of
a system of army reserve*. There was reason
for much congratulation over the abolition of
tbe purchase system in the army. Tbe House
of Lords might need reform but nothing should
be done precipitately. Tho Lords bad not act
ed wisely in rejecting the ballot bill, which
would again be introduced in Parliament at
tbe next session. The contagious set would
be dealt with at the next session in a manner
to command the sympathies of the nation.
Other measures will be brought forward which
bo hoped would meet with the approval of
Parliameat nod ills country. At the conclu
sion of his address, a resolve welcoming and
thanking Gladstone was put and carried with
enthusiastic demonstrations ol approval, there
being only shunt 200 dissenting voices.
GKKM4NV.
extensive Strike.
Fiuxkfort, Oct. 28—The operatives of
Chemiorz, a large maouiacturiug town of Sax
ony, have struct work. Thsy demand the re
duction ol time to ten hours und increased pay
for work done over time. The operations ot
twenty factories have been suspended in con
sequence of the movement.
BELGIUM.
Strike Fpreading.
UntfssitLS, Oct. 28 —La Libsrte says that tba
strike in Ghent is spreading among all c'aesss
of workmen.
ITALY.
Papal Alleeuifea.
Bomb, Oct. 28.—An allocation of the Pope
Is published in which, while he recognizes the
bishops appointed by the Italian government
as possessing tbs requisite qualifications, he
solemnly protests against the invasion of the
Holy See. He alsocondemns tbecouneot Dr.
Dollinger, and such as are following bis ex
ample, in w.rring against the Ecumenical
Council.
MEXICO.
The Revolution.
Matamoras, Oct. 26.—The capitulation of
Satilla to Gen. Trevino is reported. Rocha,
with 3000 men, is marching irom San Luis
Potest to suppress tbe tevolution. Gen. Po
ven has pronounced against Juaren in Huas
toca county, au extensive section on the bor
ders of Tamaulipis. Sod Luis Potosi and Neu
vaa Lean. Oartms is marching to attack Na
▼aujo Nendi osier.
Mafamoras, Oct. 28.—Later accounts report
the federal lorcesin Satillo and much war ma
terial surrendered to Gen. Trerina. Escobedo
will not attack tbe revolutionists unless they
enter Jfenvas Leon. He is organizing State
troops.
F*iel|a Items
It is still asserted that the Pope will leave
Borne.
Tbe Cuban war the past year has cost Spain
862,000,000.
The conclave el Cardinaia as to what conaid
the Pope’* death will shortly be held In France.
BAIHE.
The Ktei Sc Liueln Railroad—V-aying
of the Lnt Bail.
[Special Despatch by International Line.]
Rockland, Oct. 29.—The laying of the last
rail of tbe Knox Lincoln Railroad waB com
pleted in this city at 2.30 this afternoon,con
necting Rockland with the West by rail via
Bath. The depot and otbor buildings con
nected with the road, with the exception of
the engine house, are not yet finished, bat tbo
foundation for the depot is already laid and
work for its speedy completion will be pushed
forward with the greatest activity, and it Is an
ticipated will be finished about January first,
1872. A large ooncourse of citizens were in
attendance to witness tbe arrival of the fiist
locomotive at the terminus of tbe road, which
was welcomed by hearty cheers from the mul
titude. Regular passenger trains will com
mence running on Tues lay next, connecting
at Bath with all Western trains. A mixed
train will leave Bath at 8.30 a. m.; regular pas
senger train at 3 p. m., arriving at Rockland
at 12 20 and 6.20 p. m. Regular passenger
train from Rockland for Bath will leave at 0 a
m.,and mixed train at 115 p. in., connecting
with all western bound trains.
■11IODE ISI-AND.
Dentil of a Baine Ulan.
Providence, Oct. 29,—Justin J. Piper, Su
perintendent of the Merchants’ Mill, Fall Riv
er, was killed Saturday by falling from an
upper story while getting out machinery. He
was formerly from Lewiston, Ms.
WASHIlfBTOIV.
Various matters.
Washington, Oct. 28.—Gen. Sheridan tele
graphs that the Northern Exploring Expedi
tion hat been heard trom, one day on the re
turn from Fort Race. A good route was found
intersecting tbe Yellowstone near tbe mouth ol
Powder river.
A meeting of members of tbe bar was held
in tbe Supreme Court Chambers to-day. Eu
logies on Hon. Thomas Ewing wero pronounc
ed and resolutions adopted.
Currency destroyed this week 3369,050; re
ceipts of the week 89,073 898; reoeipts of tbe
year $14,874,870.
Mrs. Fish arrived last night. Secretary Fist
will not keep house this winter having engag
ed apartments at tbe Arlington House, where
he is now residing.
Under tbe date of the 0th of October tbe
Consul at Funchal, Maderia, reports as tliei
in port three steamers of the Russian flret
having on board the Grand Duke Alexis. Tbe.i
expected to tail for New York the 9th ol Octo
her.
Washington, Oct. 29.—The President ha.
recognized the Consuls of the German Em
pire, including Henrich Goster at Bostoo.
Attorney General Ackeiman has returned
All the members of tbe Cabinet will b» beri
by Tuesday.
Bond and Gold Transactions In Novem
her.
The Secretary of the Treasury lias anthoriz
ed the Assistant Treassrsr of New York ti
purchase a million of bonds each Wedeesila;
In November, or $3,000,000 in all.andtosell
million of earn on the first, third and fiftl
Thursday, ana 82,000,000 each on the seeom
and fourth Thursday, or 87,000,000 in all.
The Grant Panacea.
At the regular reunion of tbe Woman’s Clu
la this eity last night, tbe following preambl
was unanimously adootrd:
Whereas, At every step of our labor for th
prevention ami cure of tbe sooial evil we fin
legal, political, judicial and executive obets
el«s blocking our way; therefore,
Retolved, That we believe the chief and radi
oal remedy for the social evil lies in tbe politi
cal enfranchisement and then tbe personal en
franehiaement of women.
CALIFORNIA.
The Biatere.
San Fbancisco, Oct. 28.—Eight more of th
Los Angelos rioters have been arrested. Tb
better portion of the community are determic
ed to enforce tbe law and punish tbe rioters.
The Wheat Crop.
The shipmenss of California wheat abroa
this season aggregate 470,000 centals. Tb
available surplus now in the State is estimate
at 60,000 tons.
Against tbe Indians.
A petition has been sent to tbe Presiden
from tho citizens of Arizona, to allow Gener;
Crook to pursue the Apache campaign it
terrupted by the Peaee Commissioners |wbic
embodies a list of Indian robberies and mui
dere, filling three columns of tbe largest pupi
on the Paoific coast.
JM CTEOltO LOGICAL.
ynapsis at Weather Beparts far the pa
Twenty-Tour Ilnurs.
Wax Dri-'t, Officb Chief Signal 1
Officbb, Washington, D. C.,
Oct. 29,(7.00 P. M.))
Probabilities Brisk southerly winds a
probable to-night on Lake Michigan, and ear
erly winds on Lake Superior, followed 1
northerly winds Monday. Southeasterly win
with threatening weather will probably co
tinue ou the gulf coast, and northeaster
winds with increasing cloudiness in tbe Sou
Atlantic States. The barometer will probab
rise in Ne w England with northerly winds ai
clear weather. Cautionary Bigtials are orden
at Grand Haven, Chicago and Milwaukee.
The yellow fever is abating in Natchez.
There are 150 cases under treatment and ha
been 60 deatjts since Sept. 18th.
j UTAH.
Hawkins Sentenced!
Arrest of Prominent Mormons tor
Murder.
j Brigham Young Indicted for Murder
e _
u The Prophet not to be Found.
_
THE AlurrS ARE DEMORALIZED.
A CAJfSON SPIKED.
t
ELDER PRATT DEFIAST.
f
Salt Lakb City, Oct. 28.—Chief Justice
MaKeau this morning passed sentence npon
Thomas Hawkins, the polygamist, as follows:
Thomas Ilankins: -I am sorry for you,very
1 sorry. You may not think so now, but I shall
try to make you think so by the mercy which
I shall show you. You came from England to
this*country with the wife of your youth; for
many years jou were a kind husband and a
kind father. At length, however, the evil
spirit of polygimy tempted and possessed you.
Then happiness departed from your household,
and now, by the complaint of your faithful
wifo and the verdict of a law-abiding jury, you
stand at this bar as a convicted criminal. The
law gives me a large discretionary power in
passing sentence upon you. I might both fine
and imprison, or I might fine or imprison you.
I might imprison you twenty years and fine
you $10,000 I cannot imprison you for less
than ihres years nor fine you less than $3000.
It la rig,L-t that you should be fined, among
otbi-r. reasons, to help defray the expenses of
eef.-.n iug ihs laws. But my experience in
Clan ties been such that were Itofiodyou
only I sm satisfied the fine would be paid out
of other funds than yours, nod thus you would
go free, absolutely free, from all punishment,
and then those meo who mislead the people
would make thousands of ethers believe that
God had sent the money to pay the fine; that
God prevented the Court from sending you to
neienn Mini !.n m mirnnla wnn lin/1 kan n VC I.
cued iroin tbe authorities of the United States.
I must look to it that my Judgment gives no
aid aud cotnlort to such men. 1 must look to
it that my judgment be not so severe as to
seem vindictive anti not so light as to seem to
trifle with justice. This community must be
gin to ieain that God dors not iuterpose to
rescue criminals from the eoustqueuccs of
their crimes, but, on the ooutrary, he so orders
the affair* of His universe that soouer or later
crime stauds face to face with justice, and jus
tic* is the master. I will say here aud now
that whenever your good behavior and the
public good shall justify me in doing so, 1 will
gladly recommend that you be pardoned. The
judgment of the Court is that you be fiDed
$500 and that you be imprisoned at hard labor
for the term of three years."
Contrary to all expectations, there was little
or no excitement in the Court room. Tbe at
tendance was large hut generally all main
tained proper decorum. The United States
Marshal aud detectives were fully prepared for
auy emergency. Notice of an appeal to the
Supreme Court was given by the prisoner’s
counsel.
Important Arrest.
Daniel H. Wells, Mayor of the city, Hosea
Stout, formerly Attorney General of the Ter
ritory, and Wm. Belden, of Kimball’s Hotel,
aud P'riey Canon were arrested to-day by the
United States Marshal upon an indictment of
tbe grand jury charging them with murder.
Tom Fitch made application to admit them to
hail, which application is to be heard Monday
morning. The prisoners wete placed in a car
riage end taken to Camp Douglas. Some
slight excitement prevailed at the Marshal's
office while the accused were there waiting for
oonvejiftca to the camp. Some policemen
said they should not go to prison if they did
not wish to, and oDp or two women called to
the officers to take them if they dared, and
they would fight them with a vengeance, etc.
The officers, however, were firm and nothing
serious happened. Tbe alleged crime cousiets
in the killing of Bichard Yates and a man
named Buck several years ago. A warrant
was out lor the arrest of Aaron Hyde, one of
the twelve Apostles, upon the same charge,
but he eluded the deputies who were sent to
arrest him. He was pursued to tbe southern
part of the territory.
A man named Beunot was found murdered
on the Btate road, eight miles from the city
this morning with four bullets in his body.
Warrants are also out for the arrest of Brig
ham Young and bis son, Joseph A. Young, on
tbe charge of murder in having ordered the
I killing of Bichard Yates.
Iud ictments on all these murder cases are
UuuerPicou iu u« iuuuucu upuu iuu icauuuuiiy
of Bill Hickman, who was once what is called
a Danite or secret agent of tbe Mormon au
thorities. Yates visited tbe Mormou camp
during tne rebellion, ostensibly to sell powder.
The Mormons regarded him as a spy and some
weeks afterwards arrested him and placed him
iu custody of Hiokman to be taken to Salt
Lako City. D. Wells then commanded tbe
Mormon troops and Hosea Stout was Judge
Advocate. Ou the way to Salt Lake City hs
killed Yates. Hickman eays:—“My orders
were from Brigham Young and Joseph A.
YouDg and at the Instigation of D. Wells and
Stout” Hickman also is confined at Camp
Douglas. He went with the officers to Echo
Of non, and after pointing out where he had
buried Yates, assisted them iu disinterring his
remains.
Salt Lake Crrr, Oct. 29.—It is stated in
official circles that Brigham YouDg left on
Tuesday.evening for the South. Yesterday he
was said to have beeu 120 miles south and his
course is still onward, it is not known to what
poiot he is bound; many think he intends
to leave the conutry, but I thiuk he will fiud
refuge in St. George Village, 300 miles from
here aDd about 13 days fretu the court. It is
certainly doubtful whether he wil} appear for
trial, and it is also doubtful whether he will he
seen again here until the trouble is over.
Delegate Hooper has gone to Washington to
see the President, and endeavor to effect some
basis for a compromise by which the United
States authorities here, judicial and executive,
will be restrained or removed. The church is
in the greatest ferment, Hooper is in Washing
ton, Cannon in San Franciaoo and Brigham
Young in tbe South. 4-11 arp slipping off se
cretply and without knowledge of the people.
Hooper hopes to accomplish everything with
the President. The trials are to be discontinu
ed if he succeeds and a promise of reformation
for the future made. Something mysterious
is in tbe wiDd and ominous silence reigns in
the Mormon quarters.
One hundred people, principally Mormons,
virited Camp Douglas to-day to see Mayor
Wells and other prisoners, Gen. Murrow gave
tbe visitors free access to their friends. The
arrested parties are quartered in a comfortable
cottage and seem quite cheerful. The guard
march outside.
Elder Cannon arrived this morning Irani
San Francisco and preached this afternoon iu
tbe Tabnercle to an audience numbering at
least 10,000. He counseled his hearers to ab
stain from any act of violence qnd to submit to
tbe law. Go-1 would protect and deliver them
from tbeir persecutors. The crusade against
them would only strengthen and glorify them.
Their church would not be overturned. Tbeir
faitli was an inspirarion of Divine spirit, and
would eudure forever.
Elder Pratt was not so conservative and did
net want any whining Judge to say to him
i as to Hawkins:—“I am sorry lor you.”
Hs wanted no sympathy from aay Federal cffl
cial. He was ready to go to jail for twenty
years bnt did not want any pity from such a
source. He predicted that Ged would totally
overthrow and annihilate the present perge
outers of the Mormon people,
i Nothing further has been heard from Orson
i Hyde. It is thought he has gone to Arisona
1 or Mexico.
Joseph A. Young, son of Brigharp. has re
turned bnt is not arrested.
A row late last night between a Mormon and
the U. S. Deputy Marshal reunited in tbe Mar
1 shal knocking the Mormon down and arresting
him. It was reported that an attempt was
I made to assassinate the Deputy, and for a time
1 there was great excitement. There is no ex
citement to-night, bnt tbe late arrests have
created a marked depression In the Mormon
community.
SEW YORK.
Movements Against the Ring.
New York, Oct. 28. Charles O’Conor
sin tan tlini if pan Ko fllonvlir filiAwm flint- Tird*ll
and his associates fraudulently obtained from
l the Broadway bank without any color of right
s some five million dollars and recovery can be
obtained against Tweed unless interfered with
by corrupt legislation within ninety days.—
Woodward was the corrupt agent through
J whom Tweed worked. An opportunity will be
B shortly given to show how the warrauts wore
j obtained from Connolly's office.
O’Conor does not believe that Mayor Hall
either bad a dollar or knew what was going on
but ha blames the Mayor for standing by the
others and acting aB a shield after the facts
d were known.
Tbe burden of the proof lies against Tweed
u and the enginery of the law is directed against
him. If Ingersoll does not laave he will be ar
r rested and he will probably lose all his proper
ty. O'Conor’s efforts will be to protect what is
left and prevent a recurrence of robberies. He
says that Tweed hopes to get into the Legisla
ture again, to have mors corrupt bills passed,
it to go hack to bis office in the Board of l'ublio
Works and carry on his former corrupt trans
actions. This O’Conor says must be prevent
ed. Tweed shall have all tbe investigation be
wants.
•o A levy was made yesterday on the straw
t- goods factory of Vanderhoff Beatty for $75,
iy 000, the interest in that firm owned byE. A.
Is Woodward upon the the suit of Jackson S.
i- Shnlta in behalf of the Citizens’ Committee
j for the city. Levies will ho made to day on
,h tbe property of iDgersoll, Garvey and Tweed
iy as co-dofendants.
j A lady on Sth Avenue while alighting from
d a stage yesterday alternoon was kuocked down
by a political target company, her jewelry torn
from her,and horribly maltreated.
The New York I’ayars on Ike Exposures.
m The papers this morning are filled with de
tailed statistical tables from the report of ths
committee en the city and coontv frau 's, ai
the incident" attending the arrest ot Tweed.
The onn heads the account as ‘*Tne dav
Judgment.” "lhe Times congratulates the pu
licou too"general smoking outoi the dea
thieves. The Tribuue says the array is ove
whelming and damning anil the robbers ai
enmeshed. The World says the arch-kcav
contriver and engineer of the frauds 19 in
fair way to get his just deserts. It Tweed
elected to the State Senate by his iguorai
constituency he will never be permitted to tab
his seat. The Herald again calls on Mavc
Hall to seek the aid of Judge ^ruarcl to er
a 1 e him to put a honest man at the head of tL
Department of Public Works in place
Tweed.
The Star says that Tweed don t rare a ra
for his enimifs but keeps open house tor hi
fnenas. It Considers Tweed’s arrest as the rt
suit ot political malice and intrigues.
Messrs. Barlow and Hyatt have commence*
asuit in the name of Jackson S. Scbult
gainst J5. a. Woodward for the recovery 0
$1,9.34,651 for goods sold him and work don
during the years 3869, 1870 arid 1871 by Johi
H. Jiey8er who transferred his claim to Schult
the plaintiff. Woodward’s property has beei
attached.
The laborers of the Croton acqueduct are be
ingpam to-day. The funds were advanced b:
Wall street bankers. Tho men numbered tw*
thousands.
The Rosenzwcig Trial*
In RoseDzweig’s trial to-day the counsel fpi
the defence claimed that the evidense shower
a case of mistaken identity and that Alici
Bowl«9by never went to Rosenzweig’s house.
Boss Tweed all Right.
New Yobk, Oct. 29.—-Tweed in an interview
yesterday, said he would go to New Orleans
but had he gone there would have been a but
and cry after him, so he stayed at home. Hr
will not leave the city until the thing is tried
except as Senator. This thing would not im
pair his chances of election.
The Reform Ticket.
The Committee of Seventy has endorsed the
following nominations for county aud city
officers: Justice of the Supreme Court, Geo.
C. Barrett; Justices of the Superior Court,
Wm. E. Curtis and Jno. Sedgwick; Judge oi
Common Pleas, Charles C. Daily; Judge of
Marine Court, Alexander Spaulding; Regis
ter, Franz Seigp]; Aldermen, John Wheeler,
SamuefB. H. Hanco, Engeue Kelly, William
Radde, Alexander Wilder, Isaac Bernhermer,
John Fo'ly, Geo. Yarian, John Falconer,
Solomon Mebrbach, Gustavus W. Faber, Geo.
Burkbardt, Peter Gilsey and Oscar Zollieoft.
Various matters.
Deputy Comptroller Green yesterday paid
the department of public institutions, an addi
tional $100,000 for salaries and removed a n»un
uci l/i DIUCVUID UUULW U'/IUCIB 11UU1 MIC tolirIS.
All the debtors confined in Ludlow street
iail will have a hearing before Judge Barnard
to-morrow.
It is believed that the proposed match be
tween the English horse Sterling and tbe
American horse Harry Bassett, is more blow
than boDa fide.
A suit is commenced by the United States
District Attorney against Harry Hill, to re
:over penalties for not obliterating stamps
From whiskey barrels.
j
ILLINOIS.
Ditunnd For Builders,
Chicaoo, Oct. 28.—The Tribune ol this morn
log editorially announces that 500 to COO addi
tional brick and stone masons can find employ
ment in Chicago through the wiuter at irem
our to five dollars a day, and that 2000 carpen
ters can fiDd employment at high wages. In
March there will be work for twice this num
ber in boll) trades; also workers in woed and
iron, plumbers,gas fitters, and all kinds of
metal workers will be wanted. Thousands of
aborers who are now starving in New York
md other cities can find work at good wages
ivitb comfortable homes for themselves, and
their families on laima within a hundred miles
if Chicago.
Bates ol Iusarance.
The Chicago Underwriters held a meeting
ast evening when they unanimously agreed
apon the following schedule of rates of insnr
incei On elevators, 5 per cent.; on bnildlogs,
1 per cent., and 21 2 der cent, on contents; on
irick packing houses, 212 por cent., and sama
rate on contents. The rate on frame packing
souses not stated. On lumber yards, 2 1-2 per
:ent. on brick dwellings, 3 14 per cent., aud
mme rates on centents. On frau.e commercial
'isks when built according to specification,
il 2 percent., and same rate on contents.
A. C. O. Badger, bankers, claim they have
lot suspended, but are transacting business
lame as before the fire.
INDIAN TERRITORY.
Biolows Proceedings.
St. Louts, Oct. 28.—The Republican has au
iccount of tbe riotous proceedings of a gang
if desperadoes last Friday at Gibson, tbe ter
ninous of tbe Missouri, Kansas and Texas
tailroad in Indian Territory. Tbe rioters, led
iy the notorious villians Limber Jocky, Poney
Sill and Keno Bill, having got desperately
lrunk rode through the town firing revolvers
it random. They wounded several persons
md intimidated people to such an extent that
itores were closed and business suspended.
Cbe finally attempted to destroy the store of
ieyes Bros, when they were met by a posse
if citiiens who ordered them to desist. The
•ietera refusing, they were fired upon by the
leople. Limber Jack was wounded in the face
md lungs, and ODe of tbe citiaens was injured
o the abdomen. Keno Bill surrendered and
be rest of the gang fled. The inhabitants de
et tinned to hang Keno Bill bat fina'ly yielded
0 better counsel ai)d sent him out of town,
hreatening to kill him it he ever returned.
Hext day United States Marshal Johnson,ot
Fort Smith, Arkansas, pursued Keno Bill and
lapturecl him at Fort Scott and took him and
Limber Jack to Van Ruren, Ark., where they
wore turned over to tho authorities.
TKI.BKKAPHIC 1TB US.
unyc uv-Du attested uuai xmu^iuu,
>n the Hudson River Railroad, charged with
labituslly stoning the atternoon Saratoga train
rom New York.
The Deseret telegraph line is completed to
Piocbe, Nevada.
The unrecognized victim of the Revere rail
■oad disaster has been identified as Mrs.Locke,
iged fitty-flve, ot Lowell. Mass. She left Low
Bll to visit relatives in Lynn, and while her
Friends in Lowell supposed Bhe was in Lyno,
ler relatives in Lynn were not aware she had
eft home.
Mrs. H. Richardson, of Medfleld, Mass., but
>m ployed in Boston, committed suicide last
sight. Her age was 24 years.
Vincent Coll.ver has returned from his visit
to the Apache Indians, most »f whom he found
itarving and eager to accept peace and retire
within their reservations.
Izzy Lazarus, a notorious rough, has been
arrested in New York for false registering.
The insurance convention went to New Hav
bq Sunday morning.
The propeller Dean Richmond was burned
on Mud Lake, Mich., Thursday morning. All
du board escaped except the chambermaid,
Lucy Mora, who was drowned. The cargo,
82.00Q bushels id wheat, was lost.
The yaoht Sappho bea* the Dreadnaught,
Saturday,by 14 minutes.
A stock in an iron furnace exploded Satur
day, iu Youngstown, Ohio,doing great damage
to surrounding buildings and seriously iujur
iug nine men, two of whom have died. Lose
$70,000. 4 similar accident was rarely if ever
known before.
Tbo Achinson, Topeka and Saute Fe R. R.
Co. have contracted for the extension of its
road to Furl Learned, 115 miles from its pres
ent terminus, to be completed May 1st.
More lumps arrived in Cuba, Saturday, from
Spain.
It is reported that the recent bank robbery
at Bast Barrington, Mass., amounted to $125,
000.
The funeral of the venerable Thomas Ewing
took place at the Catholic church in Lancaster,
O ou Sunday. Among the pall bearers were
Gov. Hayes, Hon. Henry Stanberry, Senators
Thurman and Sherman. Archbishop Purcel
delivered an eulogy. Many ot the prominent
men of Ohio were present.
As Secretary Boutwell entered Steinway
Hal), New York, Friday night, he was served
with a writ at the suit nf B. O Galvin, whe
claims two million damages from losEes by th(
Secretary’s financial policy.
The auditor of Ohio has taker I- ga oicasurei
for the dissolution of the following rotten iu
surance companies: Kuickerbocker.Equilabie
Garden City and Commercial Fire. The lat
ter three appear to be swindles ot the wors
character.
Steamer Fort Smith, with 370 bales ol cut
tou and no iusurance.struck a snag near Wbiti
River on the Mississippi, and became a lota
loss. The cotton can be saved.
The Russian fleet is not i xpi cted until Nov
9ita.
Several parties have been arrested in Gran
parish, La., lor the murder of the recorder ii
Sept, and committed fur trial.
There were iwo oeauis oiuimay an«i luu;
Suuday of yellow fever in Ouarlestou, S. 0.
The sub-Ku-Klux committee closed a see
gion of nix days at Demopolis, Ala., Saturday
where 36 persons wer* examiLed Nothing o
the results of the examination has transpired
The committee go to Llv'.ugstou, Ala., thi
week.
Iu Philadelphia last weak there were eighty
five deaths from small pox, a slight increase
but the number of cases havo largely increas
ed.
W toihcr Report—Oct, 99-13 l*. M.
War Dopariment, Signal Service U. 8. Army, D!
vision of Telegrams and Beports tor tbo henetitc
Commerce.
h
<U
i i
Place 5 S
*5 o
of W 5
S g 3
observation. s
•a s I
•s a
a
Boston.30.23 40 NW Clear
Cbarlestou.S.C..30.21 60 NE Hazy
Cheyenne.W.T. 29.87 17 NW Clear
Cbicago.30.03 49 8 Fair
Cleveland.30.24 40 SE Clear
Corinne, Utah..30.18 55 NW Cloud;
Indianapolis....30.10 50 SE Clear
Key West.29 99 78 NE Clear
9It.WaBhin6ton.29.95 13 NW Cloud;
Now London .30 28 38 NW Clear
New Orleans. ...30.02 70 E Cloud;
New York.30.34 41 C*lm Clear
Norfolk.30.38 47 Calm Clear
Omaha.30 22 34 N Cloud;
Pittsburg.30 40 39 NE Clear
Portland.30.20 39 NW Clear
San Francisco. .30.08 54 w Clear
Savanuah.30.26 60 NE Fair
Washington. 30.40 38 Calm Clear
Wilmington. ...30.34 54 NE Cl«ar
Montreal, C. E 30 18 37 NW Clear
Galveston.,....29 94 71 NE Hv Ka
Barometer corrected lor temperature and elevate
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Mr.Fillows is daily In roceipt of letters
enquiry, from various parts, respecting his S
rup ot Hypopbosphites. One reoently recei
ed, lead3 to the belief that the public mistai
his meaning iu reference to its effect iu it
parting superior energy to the uiind. Where t
d intelligent have been impaired by overwork or
bv kindred causes, ihe use of Svrup, together
with nroper precautions in toe use of food,
if clothing,exercise and rest, will restore full
r* power to tbe bruin aud nerves. Superiority ol
h genius consists in great capacity of brain for
a assimilating material from every quarter, aud
s of developing in proportion, but as by far the
greater number are not well endowed by Da
P ture, consequently lacking this capacity, it
would be quite impossible to find cranium
e space for material necessary to constitute the
f brilliant genius. Hence, although the Syrup
r, will assist in restoring the mind which is lost,
s it cannot chauge a natural born idiot into an
intelligent man
J Thk last Fire on Congress street would not
f have been a greasy affair if the city hail used
i the Linen Rubber Lined Ilose. For sale at the
1 Company’s agency, 14 Exchange St by H.
Taylor Co. _ oct28 3t
Cruelty to Animals (but not quite so bru
tal as the last Exhibition at Forest City Park).
To let horses stand .about tbe streets, in the
cold rain without one of Edgar's Patent Venti
lated Oil Cloth Covers. For sale at the Bazaar,
14 Exchange St_. oct28-3fc
Utica Lamp Chimney4.
We invite tbe attention of all who use kero
sene oil to the Patent Mica Lamp Chimney, it
never breaks from heat or cold. It is more
transparant and gives a clearer light than any
other.
We have also a beautiful Metallic Lamp,
which with a patent safety attachment is posi
tively uomexplohlve.
J. F. Land Co.,
Wholesale utid Itntail Iieuleri in Crockery,
Glassware, ^,0., K*change Htrco*, corner of
Federal. __ octtftb 3t
Middletown Rubber Lined Linen Hose all
sizes (warrented not to freeze or stiffen iu cold
weather) may he bought at manufacturers
prices at their agency 14 and 10 Exchange St
of Henry Taylor Co. oct20th-3t
It is bald that if a puff of air were to be
blown into a vein of ananimal, death would in
stantaneously follow,because circulation would
be stopped. The blood makes tbe entire cir
cuit of the human body every seven minutes,
ana wcenever this circulation 19 impeded or
any of its chancels are clogged by impurities
which ought to bo carried off, disease follows—
fever ora disease of liver or kidueys,or scrofula,
or dyspepsia. To get at and remove the source
of the difficulty use the old and infallible
blood purifier, Dr. Walker’s California
Vinegar Bitters._ octl8th-4w
Hill’s Manioca.—The Great East Indian
Delicacy. Puddings, Jellies, Blauc-Mange,
Creams, Griddle Cakes, &c., when made from
Manioca are so delicious that one trial secures
it a. warm welcome to every table. It is tbe
most nutritious vegetable production yet dis
covered; one package makes six puddings, for
an ordinary-sized family. Sold by all grocers.
Prepared only, by Maiuoca Co., 287 Wasbing
iogton St., New York. octl6-eod 8t
Get Briggs’ Corn and Bunion Remedies
Briggs* Pile Remedies are a success.
C O M M JE K C X A. L,
Foreign Import*.
PICTOU.NS. Brig Wild Hone—275 tons coal to
J. L. Farmer.
Foreign Experts.
MATANZAS. Baak Florence—2300 shook* and
h?ad*. 250 prs heading,200 bdls hoops, 150 box shooks,
1000 cabbages, 100 bbls. potatoes, 2l do Lams, GOO bxs
herring, 20 bbls. onions, 57,160 tt lumber.
HALIFAX, N. b Steamer Carlotta—1400 bbls.
Hour, 100 do oatmeal, 350 do peas, 380 ds malt, 20 do
onions.
ST. JOHN NB. Schr4 Tasso.—1C0O bbls. flour,
1680 galls spirit*, 1266 do refined oil.
Receipt* by Railroad* and Mteamboat*.
SteamerDirigo. from New York—151 serpens
tobacco, 60 bun blocks, 79 bales rags, 12 do cotton,
14 do wool, 22 do rubber, 10 do wadding, 650 halt
c ests tea, 146 rolls leather, 135 iron pipes, 10 bdls
iron, 10 bars iron. 200 bbls. cement. A do saltpetre.10
do brimstone, 60 do glass ware, 1G0 boxes clocks, 200
do tobacco, 150 do window glass, 125 do raisins, 5) do
cheese, 50 do tin plate, 75 do corn, 17 do rubber, ICO
do soap, 30 do hardware, 50 do drugs, 30 do white
lead, 40 bdls car springs,8 hhus. tobacco, 10 casks ox
sides, 9 do pails white 6 do linseed olt, 24 bass cot!*e,
42 bags nitrate soda, 75 do shot, 2 carnages, 2 sleighs,
4 pianos, 3 plates iron, 200 pkgs uuldries.
Steamer Montreal from Boston—4 bales
carpeting, 10 dressed bogs, 50 oars iron, 60 firkin*
butter, 50 carboys, 3 slabs marble, 20 kegs beer, SO
bbls. sugar. 10 do sweet po>atces, 10 do oil, 50 do
liquor, 2 casks crockery, 30 bbls. beer, 20 chest* tea,
2 casks oil, 75 pkgs to order.
For Canada and up country—33 boxes glass, 6
patent frogs, 65 casks nails, 16 d brer. 25 bdls leath
er, 5 casks soda asb, 10 do bleaching powders, 60 bales
cotton, 75 pkgs to order.
New <*rk «i*ck a*d r.oun iflarkei.
New York, Oct. 28—Motnina.—GoId opened at
1124.
Money at 7 per cent. Stirling Exchange at 1082
IO94.
Stocks closed steady and dull.
The following are the closing quotations* ot Gov
ernment securities:
United States coupon 6’s, 18S1.1164
uuutu oiaics.i-.u .i hi
United States 5-20’s 1864.114}
United States ft-ifo’s 186ft, old.1142
United States 5-20’s Jan and July.113}
United States 5-20’s, 1867.113}
United States 5-20’s, 1868. 113}
United States 10-40s.. coupon.109
Currency 6’s.,...110}
The following are the closing quotations ol
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 60}
Pacific Mail. 47}
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated... 88}
N Y. Central Hudson ttiver consolidated scrip. 83}
Brie.. 28}
Brie preteued. 60}
Harlem... 120
Harlem preferred. 120
Reading. 107}
Michigan Central.116
Lake Shore J6c Michigan Southern... 97}
Illinois Centra].133
Cleveland Pittsburg.125}
Chicago North Western. 59}
Chicago North Western preferred.88}
Chicago <fc Rock Island... 99}
llilwaukle St. Paul. 55}
Pittsburg Fort Wayne. 96
The following were the quotations for Union Pa
cific securities:
Central Pacific bonds. 101}
Union Pacific bonds. 86}
Union Pacific stock. 23}
Union Pacific land grants. 75
Union Pacific income bonds. 76
The following are the torenoon quotations ot South
securities:
Tennessee 6s, new. 66
Virginia 6s, new. 03
Missouri 6s. 93}
Louisiana 63, new....56
Alabama 5a... 67
Georgia T’*. 86
North Carolina 6’s, new. 19}
South Carolina 6s. new.40}
New York Bank Ntatrmeut.
New York, Oct 28.—The Weekly Bank Statement
is as follows:
Loans decreased...$2,121,500
Specie increased. 6(0.700
Legal Tenders decreased 344,200
Deposi ts decreased1. 448,200
Circulation increased. 198,00
Jfontcitic markets.
New York, Oct. 28—5 1*. M.—Ashes quiet and
unchanged; pots 7 75 8 25. Cotton in moderate
lequest with unchanged quotations; sales 19il bales;
Middling uplands 18fc. Flour openod a shade firm
er, but closed quiet and rather heavy; receipts 22.272
bbls.; sales 11,800 bbls Westerand State G 10 (a) 6 50;
common to good extra Western and Si ate, 6 70
good to choice do, 6 95 @7 40; oommon to choice
White Wheat Western extra, 7 40 @7 75; common
to good extra Ohio. 6 70 @7 60; (ornjnon to choice
extra St. Louis 7 25 9 25. Southern Flour a shade
firmer; sales 700 bbls. at 7 20 7 75 tor common to
fair extra, 7 80 9 30 for good to choicedo. Rye
Flour quie'; sales 200 bbls. at 4 75 5 75. Corn Meal
quiet. Wniskey lower at 94}; sal* 8 350 bbls. Wheat
about 1c lower|ond less active; siles 103,000 bush, at
1 52 1 55 for No. 2 Spring; 1 58 1 60 lor Winter
Red Western, 1 62 1 65 lor Amber Western: 1 65
1 75 lor White Western, 1 63} 1 70 for White
State, 1 67 tor choice Amber Michigan do, 62 for Red
Slate. Rye quiet; sales small at 90 for Western.—
Barley quiet; no decided change in price Corn about
lc lower|and less active; receipts 51,139 bush.; sales
56,000 bush, at 78} 86} tor Western Mixed in store
and afloat Oats a shade easier; receipts 83,513 bush.,
sales 43,0(0 bush, at 51@51}c for Western and
Ohio. Coftee lower; sales850 bags Rio at 18@20o.
Sugar easier; lair to good refining at 8} 9}c; sales
500 hlios. Molasses dull. Rice etsier ai7}@8}.—
Petroleum dull at 14 @14} for crude, and 23 @23}
for refined. Pork a shade firme*;sales 1800 bbls. mess
at 13 0J; prime 9 40 10 00, prime mess, 11. Beef
1 quiet; sales IcQ bbls. at 7 11 tor plain mess, 11
14 !or extra ao. Lard firmer; sales 11,350 tea at 9}
10c; No. I to prime steam9}@l0e; 10}c tor ket
tle rendered. Butter quiet at 12 20c lor Westers
and 15 30c for State. Cheese dull aud heavy j
Naval Stores—Spirits Turpentine steady at 68 70c.
Ko*l u firm; straiueo 4 25. Tallow steady; sales 92
000 lbs at 8} 9j{c.
Freights to Liverpool quiet and firmer; per steam,
Wheat, 10d.
Cincinnati, Oct. 28 —Tork nominal at 12 50.—
Lard in fair demand and lower; kettle 9c- Bulk
meats nominal; shoulders 6}c, clear rib 6}, clear sides
7c. Bacon firm; shoulders 7}c; sides 7}c. Green
Meats-ofiered for shoulders 4}, rib sides 5}c, clear
I sides 8jc. Live Hogs firm and scarce at 4 25 4 50.
Whiskey in good demand at 90c.
i St, Louis, Oot. 28.—Flour firm. Wheat better
but slew; No 3 red tall 134; No. 1 Red Winter 44
ggiuc. corn auu ana urooping; nnxeu on tracic
40 (a) 42c. Oat' dull aDd unchanged. Harley slow;
5 No. 2at70e. Rve better; No. 2 at 64@G5c. Mess
Pork quiet at 13 00. Bacon quiet; shoulders 7Jc;
clear rio sides 8c; dlear sides 8]o. Lard firm at 9
9*
Toledo, Oct. 28.—F:our in tali demand and firm.
Wheat active and advanced 1 @2c; No. 3 White
Wabash at 33c; No. 1 White Michigan 147; No. 2
Amber Illinois 1 44; do Michigan 1 44l@l 45; No. 1
Red at 1 41 1 42: No, 2 do at 364; No 3 do 1 304.
Corn unchanged and quiet. Oats dull and declined
lc; No. 1 at 374; No. 2 at 36| 36J.
Milwaukee, Oct, 28.—Flour—extra Spring firm
at 5 75 6 00. Wheat opened firm and closou dull;
No. 1 at 1 25; No. 2 at 1 22J. Oats dull; No. 2 at 304c.
Corn steady. Rye (firm; No. 1 at 62]e. Barley un
unsettled; No. 2 Spring at 56c.
Receipts—8000 bbis. flour, 71,000 bush, wheat.
Shipments—4000 bbls. flouiO, 123,000 bush, wheat.
Charleston,Oct.28.—Cotton dull; Middling up
lands 17| 174c.
j Savannah, T)ct. 28.—Cotton in good demand:
Middling uplands at 17J 17Jc.
^Mobile, Oct.28.—Cotton quiet; Middling upland!
174 17]c.
i Oruujra, Oct. 28.—Cotton easier; Middlinc
uplands 18c.
Vsrelga Markets.
Havana, Oct. 28.—Sugar—The stock remaining ir
warehouses at Havana and Mataosas is 148,600 boxe:
r bhds.; exported during the week trom Ha
MaU"“* ]3,875boxes and 60 hhds.ot whicl
13.650 boxes and all the bhds. wore for the Unite*
States. Market opened firm but closed dull, holder
being unwilling to make concessions and buyers re
luse to meet the high demands ot holders Re
ceipts scanty. No 2 Dutch standard Sugar at 10 real
arrobe; Nos. 10 to 12 do at 9* Cal 10 reals* No
in J'n 1f a? at \U ,3* If****. MolassosSugar—Nos. 8 t
10 at 84 reals ^arrobe; Muscovada Sugar* fair t
grades nominal.
Freights 3^ box Sugar trom Northern ports ot Cub
to the United States 871c; hhd do do $375.
2S—I0.3Q M.—Cotton dull
000 bales aiM*8 y2@9Jd; do Orleans 9jd; sales 8
London, Oct. 28—1.30 P. M Consols closed at 9:
>or money and account.
American securities—U. S.5-20s, 1862, 91$; do 18(
6 old, 91$; do 1867, 92J; U. S. HMDs 8:lj.
1. LlVElirooi,, Oct. 28—1.30 P. M.—Cotton close
heavy; Middling nnlands 9$; do Orleans 9jd;salt
>o 8000 bale*.
Freights.
Galvestoh. Oct. 2J.—‘•jre‘gtit«-xie d.maod fa
roo con tin '.eB 'iOiitpd, and w ih an ample, sUnt I
otuurncgd tonnagt tod aw u-on, ir*i»r^.« v
mil, bo h -or igT ami coa«iwi*e. ar« nominal. \vi.i
the exception oi iho laticr no Allowing quoiarion
are nominal. We quote Cotton to Liverpool i»y u:U|
jpih; New York by steam, gc fMb; by sail, jje.H Hfc
—New York, l*y at*am,l|clooee p lb; do sleana bak
ic do; do do wet sa ltd |c; do sail, loose, ic; do bah
ic p lb. Wool, in sacks, steam to New York, lie; d
by sail ]c p lb.
ISomon Ktock Lin.
Sales at the Brokers’ Board, Oct. 28.
Vermont State Sixes. IQO
American Uold.
Michigan Cental Hailroid.
Union Pacific Railroad...!!!!.*!!..]]. i” *>3:
[Sales at Auction
Androscoggin Mills. *2^
Bab M.iauiacturing Company. ii5i
Portland. Saco Portsmouth Kailroa j. Ill'
Boston and Marne Kaiiroau...
Eastern Kaiiroau.
United States Sixes, 1881..
Maine State Sixes, 1889.
Portland City Sixes, 1877.. "r
Vermont Central 1st mortgage Bonds.!"‘ s?
ENTERTAINMENTS?^
TATaT.
Second Entertainmnte
Wednesday Evening, Nov 1st,
LECTURE BY
M. Athanase Coquere], Fils.
Subject “The Two Sieges oi Paris.”
Tickets to the Course 1.50. Evening Tickets 50c.
Reserved Seats to the course $1. Members Tickets
and reserved seats tor sate at I. C. Stockbiidg-’s, 160
Exchange street.
Doors open at 0 1-2. Lecture at 7 1-2 o'clock,
oct 27<ltd
H/l TTClT 'l TT ATT rv^nmr -__
i JJLajuij, ruaiiiftlNU
Tuesday and Wednesday,
Oetoberlll, November let,
Postiyely Two Night* Only;
OF TUB
Original, Only and Far Fumed,
CHARLEY SHAY’S
MONSTER
QUINCUPLEXAL EXPOSITION
(From Niblos OardcD, New York City.)
Positively the largest ami best on Earth.
CELEBRATED
28 Star Performers l 28
4 GREAT COMEDIAN^ -'4
2 FULL BANOS ot MUSIC 2
The Burlesque of Blue Beard
The Pantomime of Zig Zag
The tecfccrce Boudoir a la Salon
The Clnsti'onium Chimes
The Comic Magic Table
The “Little Fannie,** tho pet ot deg creation!
The Athletics leats and Acrobatic Skill
And other novelties too numerous to mention.
Time and Prices as usual. Box office open from 3
to 5 P M. T. H. LAINL, Agent.
oc‘<t7 FS&M 3t
A Good Time Coming
A Social Assembly
Will be given by the
Yonng1 Emmett Associtites
-AT
LANCASTEH HALL,
Wednesday Eve’ng, Nov. 1.
The manag is will endeavor to make this one ef
the most* delightful occasions ot the season.
Floor Director—JOHN TOY.
Assistants—Michael Conley, Thomas F.iy, Ar
thur Mills, Wm Roach.
Music by Chandler's Full Quadrille Band.
Tickets $1.03. oc30dtd
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE MARINE
lusuraucc Co.
_
Sringfield, Mass., Oct 25, 1871.
Messrs. Loring Thobston,
Agents, Portland:
As many of the Companies have been deceived In
the amount ot their Chicago losses, we conclude
at this late day to make the tollowing Statement
which we know to be correct.
Assets at Market Value.81 >077,000
Chicago losses
not over.8450.000
All other outstanding
losses.4 7.22 n 11107.220
$579 780
OP"Thl* will give us our Capital ot $500,000
entire, and Surplus ot $79,780 and we expect a
salvage ot over $.5 000 at Chicago.
0 ur Adjusters are paying all loetesa at Chicago in
Ca.'h as fast as they can be adjusted.
Our Directors and Stockholders are pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO RATA ou their Stock $325f
OOO within thirty days, as a reseive against all out
standing risks, in accordance with tha Laws o!
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus
Of OVER
#900,000.00.
After Paying all Oututuuding Lout*.
THIS PUTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
BASIS. Select your butinese with great care and
avoid hard and undesirable risks as heretofore, and
pleate be particular not to give us too much in one
rsk or ’oeality.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Scc’y.
DWIGHT D. SMITH, Vice-Pres’t.
The above statement will assure the pa’ious of the
Compai y and tie public that tbe SPRING FILD Is
STRONG aLd alive to the situation,
Policies issue 1 on good property at lair rates.
LORINi 4 THURSTON,
a GENTS,
28 Exchange street.
Ponlaml, Oct ;S, 1871. Isdiw
LADIES we wi h to invite vnnr ATTENTION
to our new and EL'LL LINE of
MILLINERY,
O^MBISTIlfO OF
Mats, Ribbons,
Feathers, Velvets
Flowers, &c.
Hats and Bonne's, ready trimmed, or made aud
trimmed to order at short notice.
Elegant Sashes,
And Hash Ribbons in every width and price
Silks, Velvets, Velveteens in Every Shade.
Velvet and Velveteen Etibbvn., all width
FANCY GOODS of all kinds.
HOOPSKIRTS
HOSIERY,
Ot all kinds, and an excellent Hoc sf
Children’s Wool Bose at LOW PRICES.
Also Ben and Boy’s Besiery,cotton and wool
en at lowest prices.
MERINOiS^
L-“»^J?„„«oobs
Wnen Sir*.li"
w**ches,
Jiafi&geaiBBR.'
HAMBURGH 1
I «r»”JJana^r—
.V a SSS;
C. c.
I i^es^i0ct,
ifeassai?
I B««h »J>«» flne
3 I AlaoaiPfffM '^qoi r?-_
K“*ll»h T~. ‘hosoverv ,i,
Twi'« ^,Chc*P
I yl--
Authentic HTof——
°f'‘*w.rlM,1Wf IC history
s Bio*rapIijcs 0( »«.d
accoun‘ol ,i,e C|Ti|DC p“l (herein.
^zz:,aSozatu- °*°rZm;*md
I ziTir -*3sr
r entertainments.
BVople’s Course.
Four Grand Entertainments]
3 FOR 80 CEirri.
H l'r"’ •'■■•iitCHII.L,
The talented Elocutionist. Evening ticket* 35 ct*
M mday Evening, Nov 6, a Concert lor the people
by the well known and popular
HUTCHINSON FAMILY.]
Tribe oi Asa.”—Evening tickets 35 cents.
Monday evening, Nov. 20, a Concert by these New
England favorites,
THE TRIPLE QUARTETTE,
of Boston: Wm. H. Fessenden, now singiDg as first
/;en'!r W1,h Clara Louise Kellogg, A. C. Ryder, D.
K Filz, ami H. A. Cook, assisted by Miss Isabella
atone, Soprano; with Mr. H. M Dow, pianist. Eve
ning tickets 50 cents.
Monday eveuing, Nov. 27tb, Readings by
MRS. LOl’IHIE WOOD WO R III FOS9,
of Boston. Eveuing tickets 35 cents.
Tickets for tale everywhere
Lecture and Concert Season.
i8yi...i*ya.
A Grand Series of first-class Comcrts and Lecture*
are announced for the coming season under the aua
pices oi the
Portland Army and Navy Union
AT CITY tIALL.
fc$r"B, unanimous vote oi the Society one-eightii
ot tli* net proceeds ot the course will be donated te
the Maine General Hospital. JtA
The course will open Thurmliiy Evening, No
vember ‘A, with :i (iiaud Vocal and lu.tru
meutal Concert bytho
Germ mia Band Orchestra
OF BOSTON;
AniMed by l,In. H. M. Manilla.;
Grand Concert ot the Season 1|
We have positively engaged
Madame PA11EPA ROSA
and
ADELAIDE PHILLIP*.
Assisted by Mr Packard Tenore; Mr Rudolphseu,
Basso. This Grand Concert will be under the direc
tion of HERMANN KOTZSCHMAR.
Third Concert by the
KKEUTZESt CLUB.!
Assisted by Miss Nellie Barker. Mrs. G. M. Cum
mings, and Ada Cary.
Fourth CONCERT by the
Mendclssbon Quintette Club
Of Boston, (Twenty-third season.)
Assisted by Anna Granger Dow.
lkctuuk«.
ANNA E. DICKINSON, of Philadelphia.
Subject; “Demagogues and Workingmeu."
Rev. W. A.. Gage, ot Hartford, Conn
Subject: “Empenr William acd his Generals."
HON. THOiVAl FITCH,
(Late U. 8. Senator,) ot Nevada. Subject: “Scalps
and Quakers.'*
SAM’L L. CLEMENS, (Mark Twiip) of NY.
The lull Portland Band will furnish music on the
evenings ot tbe Lectures.
Season Tickets, admitting to the entire eonrae of
Lectures and Coucerts, 82 00, tor sale everywhere.
Members' Tickets I .OO, (eat-li member being en
titled to two) to be obtained ot the Treasurer, D. P.
H. Lockhart. Evening tickers to Concerts from 50e
to$l. The Gallery feats will be reserved lor the
course at $1 each. Sale to commence Monday Oet.
16tb, at O. W. Gilkey Co.'s.
veiling Tickets lor all the Concerts for sale at
C. W. Gilkey Co’s, Stockbridge’s, llawes Cra
gin's, and at the door.
A Supplementary Couise of three popular Lectures
on Natural History, by
l»UOF. E. ft. MOHIE,
will commence after the close ot tbe regular course,
ar, Army and Navy Union Hall. Purcnaeers ot reg
ular course tickets will be admitted at reduced rates.
Per order Committee—F. G. Patterson,Thos J. Lit
tle, A. 1. Hodsdon. D. P. H. Lockhart, J. D. Wil
liams, Joseph A. Perry, and C. K. Lombard, oc9eodt
Mr. A. B. GEE,
Will receive scholars for instruction in Dancing, at
bis Academy, corner ot Brown and Congress streets
MONDAYS and WEDNESDAYS, at 8 P. M.
Afternoon class WEDNESDAYS aud SATUR
DAYS at 2\ o'clock P. M.
P. S.—Private Lessons at tbe Hall, or at the Resl
deuce if desired.
For particulars apply at the Hall. oc2Btt
AUCTlOiN SALES
IMMENSE STOCK OF
Dry Goods, Woolens,
&c., &o.,
AT AUCTION.
COMMENCING ON
Wednesday, October 25th.
And continuing until told
At IO A. II. nud 9 1-9 P. Iff. Kack Day,
At Salesroom 18 Exchange attest
The stock consists in part ot
Paisley Miawl«, long and square, Woolen
Nbnwli in plaid*, stripe*,anil mixture*.
DRESS GOODS
In great variety. Black and colored Alphcema;
Brildantines, Moliairs, Ac; Imported Marseilles
Quilts, Irish and Scotch Linens, Body Linens ot dif
ferent qualities, fine rioub'e satin ‘Damask, Wash
Loom and Brown Dams sir, Real Turkey lie I Dam
ask, Napkins to match. A variety of Linen Napkins
and Doylies; ladles' and Gents Haiikerchicls,
Towels, Crash, Hosieries, Ac.
DOMESTIC COTl'OV GOODS,
9-4 and 10 4 bleached Sheeting, best quality.
5-4 and 9-8 Pillow Case, 4-4 and 7 8 Shirting, un
bleached Shirting and Sheeting all widths and qual
ities.
WOOLENS.
Cassimeres, Tricots, Doeskins, Ac.
Every article in this stock will be sold without is
serve.
Ladies are particularly invited to I he sale.
oc23dtd F. O. BAILEY A Co.. Auct'rt.
Very Desirable Brick Block on
commercial i-treetnt Auction.
ON Wednesday, Nov. 8, at 12 m., we shall sell the
spacious and finely located Brick Block. No.
125 Commercial st. Said Block is 4 htories high,
about SI i tt. on Comm .’i civ I st-, and 55 tr on the
avenue leaning from Fore st. to Commercial street
and Central Wbart, making the corner lot, and iRone
ot the most substantial and valuable buildings or'
Commercial st., and is now occupied by E. Corry A
Co.
j Terms favorable and made known at sale.
33P“ For particulars call on W. W. Thomas. Lewis
Pierce or
oc24td F. O. BAILEY A CO., Auctioneers.
House at Auction.
ON Wednesday. Nov. 1st. at 12 o’clock, a 1$ story
bouse, contains seven finished rooms and a good
cellar. Lot about 25x70 he% located i« rear of Green
near Congress sf. For further particulars apply to
WM. 11. JEBKlS,or
F* O. BAILEY A CO., Auct’rs. oc26*td
F. O. BAIL BY A CO., Auct’r*.
Blaifulacturcr’s Sale ol rockery
Ware.
ON Thursday, Nov 2nd, at 2 1-2 o’clock, we shall
sell at Salesroom 18 Exchange st, by catalogue,
a large quantity ot Iron-stone China, Krckingham,
C. (5. and Yellow Ware, in variety.
CSTGo x s on exhibition day before sale.
Catalogue tinnished upon application to Auction
eers. oc26td
Guardian’s Sale.
by virtue of a license from the Hon. John A. Wat
erman, Ju.ige ol Probate, within and tor the
County of Cumberland, the subscriber, Guardi «n ot
Ellen F. Bibb r, ot Portland, in said county, will sell
at Public Auction, on
Thursday, November 93d, 1871.
At 2 o’clock in the afternoon, on the premises, the
lunun *uMi riueu luai isiaic ueiuilgu g 10 Saul KIIcll
F. Bibber, to wit:
One-ha' Iiu common ami undivided of a lot ol land
with the buildings thereon,situated in said Portland,
bounded by Beckett street, and a lane tit teen teet
wide, called “Harrison’s Line,” being forty teet on
Beckett stieet and eighty teet deep, being lot No. 15,
I In the division ot Lot No. 8, as i*er plan recorded in
Cumberland Registry ol Deeds, Book 250, Page raw
and 560.
i By virtue ot said license the subscriber is also au
thorized to sell said premises at private sale, and he
hereby oilers the same at private sai l and reserves
tha right so to sell the same at any time previous to
the time ot the auction sale.
J.C. SHIRLEY,
Guardian ot Ella F. Bibber.
1 GEO. W. PARKER, Auctioneer.
_oct23 30 novG
H. K. HUNT,

Oommiaeiop Merchant and Auctioneer
I VT O. 316 Congress st.. will sell every evening
LI large assortment ol Staple and Fancy Good*.
Goods will be sold during the day in lots to tan
1 purchasers at wholesale prices. Cash advanced on a>
descriptions ot' goods. Consignment* not limited.
February 11, 1868. dtt
Winter Opening
OF THE LATEST
Parisian Novelties
ROUND HATS
AND
BONNETS,
_ Wednesday, IVov. 1st,
Mrs. E. R. FOWLED
ce Xo. 4 Clapp Block.
J- Oct27-i.U_
Hoard
T0 rent for tho WiASSSSSi
1 |,!e»wntroomto»“e,‘,,c,^.,,jlliESTKJiJST
o<.U7oo«12w*