fRfiflUE AMD GERMANY,
v
5- fils
irmy

marck's Army Tnflat^
''Divided by a Riyer of Blood" and
Learning to "Wait."
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
-v s Paris, Deo. 22,1871.
The reooQt despaloti ^ooi Prince Bismarck to
Won Voa Arnlm excites the French press to re
newed bitterness agatasc Germany.
l( Tue tone of the journals generally la well eX
jpresadd Oy the following extract from one of thein,
Ertiiou says?"The silence of tho vanquished is the
nly dt reply to the insults of the victors. A rlvor
r biood has divided us. We learn to puffer and to
FRANCE.
ffli* Question of the Seat of Government and Pro
jeet of an Inoome Tax.
TELEGRAMS TO THE SEW YORK HERALD. 3
Paris, Dee. 22,1871.
The Initiative Committee of the Assembly has ro
Coted tue proposition ror a return to Paris.
The Assembly to-day commenced to debate the
port or tne committee favoring the imposition of
tax on incomes, except those aiisiny irom the
intes and land.
The members of the Left support the tax, while
hose of the iUght and President Thiers himself op
it. -_~
FT.OW OV 8PEOIH FROM TIE BANC.
The specie in the Bank of Prance has decreased
IBW.iwof. during the week.
War Department and the Mission to?
Washington.
Paris, Deo; 22,1871.
It u stated that General Ctiauzy will Buccced Gen
l eral Clzsy as Minister ol War, and that the latter
1*111 bo sent to Washington as French Minister.
FEANM AND ITALY.
*7
president Thiers in Complaint Against tho Royal
Tone from Rome.
TEUCPAM TO THF NEW YORK HERALD.
Paris, Dec. 22, 1871.
The Count de Remnant has made representations
|o the tttgnor Vendsta, the Italian Minister of For
eign Affairs, complaining of the tone or King Victor
Etnmauuel's reply to the request of the French gov
ernment lor the recall or the Ohevallor Nigra from
Jeans.
ITALY.
/The Army Appropriation Bill Approval by the
Parliamentary Committee.
iPfon-AffffreiBsive, lent Pre
pared fox* War,
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALO
Rour, DCC. 22, 1871.
The Army Budget Appropriation bill has passed
the Committee on the National Budget.
The Minister of War, while maintaining that the
piutary establishment of the country should be fully
provided for, declared that there was "no reason to
fear aggression on the part of tbetr neighbor, France;
Cr an aggressive policy was opposed to her tnter
ta." Although there was no daugsr of war, still,
pe said, "tne nation should always be prepared for
^ihe evil.1'
adjournment.
The senate has adjourned over for the season of
the Chr tat mas holidays.
SPAIN.
jkuor Sagasta Completes a Cabinet with
Maleampo in Office.
The Ministers Sworn In Before
the King.
TELECRAM-nO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
Madrid, Deo. 92, 1871.
Honor Sagasta baa succeed eel in completing the
formation of bis Cabinet.
Witu one exception tbe Ministers are tbe same as
announced yesterday.
Admiral Topete and Sen or Angulo, after lime
deliberation, deolded to accept tbelr portfolios,
j Honor Qrolzard Anally and peremptorily declined
the Ministry of Justice, and Bailor Colmenares, wbo
held the same office in tbe laat Cabinet, was ten*
Mere i uie appointment ana accepted it.
SWORN IN.
The Ministers, with Befior sagasta at tbsir head,
*sraite<t on the King and in bis presence took tbe
cam* of office^
THE MS CABINET.
The Ministry stands as follows Just at present:?
Hagasta?President of the Council and Minister
of the Interior.
Maioampo?Minister of the Marina.
Do lilas?Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Candau?Minister or Public Works.
Topete?Minister of tne Colonies.
Angulo?Minister of Finances.
Oaintudes?Minister of War.
Ooluienares?Minister of Justice.
rARMAMRNTARY TACTICS.
The new goYernment, it is rumored, will not op
pose lhe elevation of Kntz Zorllla to the presidency
jpof tueOortes.
AUSTRIA.
Jlia Financial Condition and Public Hope from
the Treasury Budget.
TELCCRAM 10 THE HEW YORK HERALO.
VIENNA, Dec. 22. 1871.
The statement is made on credible authority that
the forthcoming budget will show a surplus of
ii.iwo.ooo florins in the receipts over expenditures
fix the rear, instead of a deficit, as was anticipated.
HOLLAND.
Relations Between tbe King and the Holy See.
TELEGRAM TO THE_NEW TOOK HERALO.
The Haodr. Dec. 22, 1871.
The Roman Catholic Bishops of this country have
united in a memorial to tbe King praying him not
lo discontinue to mnmtalu the Dutch negation at
Ahe Vatican.
VENEZUELA.
AShira Unchanged -The Bevolutionuts Prepar
ing for a Final Struggla.
IELECRAR TO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
Caracoas, Dec. 8, I
Ma Havana, Deo. tM, 187L I
Affaire throughout Venezuela remain unchanged.
Bianco, with four thousand men, le in the Interior
operating against the revolutionists, who are te
Urlug before the Presltiedt and arc preparing for a
*trug?.e.
railway.
Herald special Report from
London.
Important News from t!ie protec
tion Committee in New York.
attorneit barlow misolutm.
M 7'UW.ViV i-r
1 1
TllitPAM TO THE WW TOM HEBAUL
The following gpoolal despatch to the
Bkuat.d has teen reoelved from our oorre*
spondent In the capital of Qreat Britain:?
London, Dec. 22, 1871.
The Erie Protection Committee here pub
lishea (ha fyllowfag communication as re
oelredfrom 1U agent In New York:?
"The new Attorney General (Barlow; pro
poses in his official capacity to break up the
whole oomhluation of the Erie 'Ring,' without
respect to persons."
The publication of this intelligence has
been reoeired with great joy by the partios
interested.
E N O LAN D.
The United States Legation in No
tice to Intending Tourists.
Commercial Relaxation at Christmas?Alarming
Visitation of Smallpox?A Naval Attache for
the Embassy in Washington?Moral Be
form Against Literary Demoralisa
tion?Supply of American Cotton.
TILCGPaS TQPtilg Ngf YJ3K HEHAL1
London, Dco. 22, 1871.
A notice has boon Ifsued from the American Le
gation here to (he effect mat It is desirable that all
citizens of the Untied mates intending to travel on
the Continent should provide liiomseives with pass,
ports.
TflK HOLIDAYS.
Tuesday arter Christmas will bo observod as a
holiday. Xlio block Exchange una markets gene
rally will be closed and business aluioat wholly sus
pended.
ALARM WO VISITATION.
The smallpox prevails to an alarming extent in
Ulrmlughain. .Special hospitals are to be estab
lished, the sick are to be quarantined, and other
precautionary measures have been taken by the
authorities to prevent tlto further spread of the
disease.
*HR LKUATfON IN WA3HINUTON.
Hear Admiral Kdward A. lnglelleld, Q. N., has
boon appointed naval attache of the British Lega
tion at Washington.
Admiral Ingieileld is an aged ollcer. who has not
been engaged tu active service for a considerable
period of time.
METROPOLITAN DEMORALIZATION AND ITS ANTIDOTE.
Tne Society for the suppression of Vice has sum
mooed the sellers of a city paper before Hie courts
"for exposing to view arid circulating obscene
literature.''
The accused were ndmitted to ball.
TilK COTTON SUPPLY.
Three thousand seven liuudred and stxty-nlne
bales Of Ainerioau cotton were landed at Liverpool,
irom Charleaton, to-day.
The total stock or Aruerloau cotton afloat for
English ports Is 100,000 bales.
THE PBIHCE OF WALK' HEALTH.
Contradictory Reports a* to the Prince's
Condition.
TELEGRAMS TO THE HEW YORK HEMll
London, Dec. 22?2 P. M.
The noon bulletin from Saudrlngliani to-day re
ports that the Prince of Wales was a little less
quiet last night, but that his condition Is un
changed.
Windsor Made Anxions by NynptooM of
It elapse.
LONDON, 1)00. 22?4 P. M.
The Pali Man Gazette has a special telegram from
Windsor, which represents that the reports which
have t>een received at Windsor castle trom San
dilnghain to-day are not quite so favorable; that
the poise of the Prince of Wales U hlgnor, and that
there Is considerable anxiety at the Castle.
Tlie Poll Mali (in rustic's Report Flatly Cou
tru tile ted.
London, Dec. 23?5 A. M.
The alarming special desnatch which was pa<>
lleheo in the rati Mall Qatetie yesterday relative to
the Prince of Wales has no foundation. The Prince
continues to progress toward recovery, and there is
uo increase in bis fever.
CANADA.
Tbo (lever nor (general In the Ontario
Legislature?The Newly-Klecied Premier
Blntidatieg the Fntare Policy of tbo tl?v
ernmeef?tl corral (Harvey of the Political
Necessities-?Reform In the Law ('sorts?
The illiid11'Ipat Lean Fand-Strong Argu.
meat for (luity af Action.
Toronto, (int., Dec. 22,1871.
At one o'clock His Excellency came down and
atgulBed Ills acceptance of the election ol Mr. Currie
us speaker.
Mr. Blakr moved the Issue or writs for Sontn
Wellington and the city of Ottawa. He entered into
an explanation of tue Ministerial poiioy. He con
tended that the proviuctal governments should take
a position of neutrality iti regard to the Dominion
government. There should be neither alliance nor
hostility. Ontario should not interfere with Do
minion affairs nor with the affairs of any other
proviuce. except wheu tier rights were infringed.
The poltoy of the administration was that there
should be the utmost Parliamentary control over
the public funds. To hand over such control to the
Kxecuttve would be the abandonment on the part
the House of lis most important functions.
The puolio provincial lustituuons should be more
under Parliamentary control, both in regard to con
struction and regulation. More stringent luws to
secure tue independence or I'arlianieut would be
Introduced. A bill 10 secure extenslou ot rianciilse
would be brought down. A scheme to amend and
combine courts ot law and equity would be ma
ture i as soon as possible.
The administration would redouble Its energy In
the cause of immigration, chletl) to secure a large
tudux ol agricultural laborers to meet the heavy
demands existing throughout the province. The
Crown lauds would receive prompt attention and
efforts would be made to win<> up laud sales In that
bianch or rue department. The timber policy would
be adopted so as to liarmonuu with the general in
terests of tbe country and oi the lumber trade. The
government would carry out the obligations of the
couoriy in regard to ordinary railways, musunmit
to the House prams proposed to be made to each
subject.
The new government had not yet (nil information
on this point not In regard to the municipal loan
fund and award; and this session the government,
would not brlua down a scheme for tue disposi
tion or I lie surplus. Itut he did not tUInk the dim
cUlttes respecting tlie Award Insuperablo, aud
a comprehensive plan could soou be matured for
Assist,ug partly settled districts and doing justice lo
tlie olo country. He tndlgnaiHly repudiated tlie
idea i nat log rolling would prevail in the Legislature
n members were required to pass upou each rail
way or other grants.
mi. Hi.ask went on to explain the formation of
his Ministry, anu defended the appointment ol Mr.
Scott (o the Oommlsslonersnip or the Crown lands,
lie had with extreme reluctance accepted tho oner
ous task of forming the administration to carry out
the principles in power which he had tnnaciated.
fie concluded by eloquent!v asking the support of
tits iriends, only, however. ?Ucu Uo was ta accord
ance Will* tueu viaw?
THE HORNET.
Peaceable Settlement of the Difficulty?The Span
ish Consul Resuming His Post-Departure
of the Spanish War Veasel Zara
ska fw"
""/rn* -r;r- v? criB09.
Uii.' W.
TtLECRAB TO THF KEW YORK HERAll
Jacmri,, 08C. A I
JYla Havana, Dec. 22, 1871, f
The case or the ateauiAir Hornet is considered
sottled. The Spanish man-of-war Zaragossa re
mained two days oir Port au Prince without com
municating with the shore.
The commander then sent a despatch to the gov
ernment asking if the Spanrnh Consul could enjoy
the same guarantees as heretofore, and If such was
till 0a?9 the Consul would land again.
Toe government replied in tae aflirmative, aud
the consul tended and reoccnpied hu poiju
It la reported that the commander of the Zarw
goeaa asked the to remove some im
portant pieces of machin*? Dom the Hornet, thus
rendering her unfit for sea, bdt 4^*government re
jused, and the Zaragossa sailed f&F San.^O de
Cuba, where she has since arrived.
It is stated that Spanish vessels will remain at
Port an Prince until the Hornet qneauon is settled
by the Washington and Madrid governments.
President Saget has arrived at Port au Prince.
THE FLORIDA.
fired at and Overhauled by a Spanish Man-of
War?Allowed to Proceed on Her
Voyage for New York.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
Ht. Thomas. Dec. 19. 1
Via Havana, Dec. 22, 1871. i
Ttio American steamer Florida, after having de
tacned her screw, started under sail for New York
on the 14th Inst.
The Spanish man-or-war Vasco de Nunez imme
diately followed the Florida, tired a blank cartridge,
overhauled her and examined her papers, which
were found to bo correct, aud the Florida proceeded
on her voyage.
ST. DOMINGO.
Cabral Badly Defeated by Baas.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
St. Dominoo, Dec. 12, 1
Via Havana, Deo. 22, 1871. j
President Daez has returned to the capital. En
gagements have taken place between the Baea
troops and the revolutionists.
Cabral was beaten at Nleba and compelled to
abandon the place hastily. Ills loss was heavy la
men 'and ammunition, lie lost even his own
clothing.
Geueral Plmcntal resisted the attack or the Itaez
forces successfully at Santa Juau and routed them.
ST. THOMAS.
Arrival of the United Statrs Steamer Hasaler
with Professor Agaaslz?The New Aspinwall
Cable?The United States Steamer
Shawmut?The Quarantine on
Vessels from New York.
TELEGRAM TO THE HEW YORK HERALO.
St. Thomas, Dec. 19, l
Via Havana, Deo. 22, 1871.
The United Slates steamer llassler, with Professor
Agassiz on board, Uas arrived at St. Thomas from
Boston.
Tue telegraph steamer International nas arrived
from England and gone to Jamaica to lay tue new
Aspinwall cable.
Tae United stales steamer Shawinat has arrived
from Samaua for the purpose of recruiting her
crew.
The steamer Alpha, front Hatirax, on her last
voyage, refused to undergo the twelve days' quaran
tine imposed upon vessels iroin that port, and loft
without being allowed to land her cargo.
Twelve days' quarantine has been established
upon vessels from New York.
PORTO RICO.
Quarantine on Vessel* from Nova Scotia.
TELEGRAM TO THE NEW YORK HERALD.
8t. Jons', ueo. 10 i
Via Havana, Ueo. 22. 1871.)
Quarantine lias been established on vesseld from
Nova scottu.
CURACOA.
Bloody Riot Caused by tbe Arrest of the Attorney
General?One Dead, Nineteen Wounded.
TELEGRAM TO THE JEW YORK HERALD.
Ouracoa, Nov. 24.
Via Havana, Deo. 22, 1371. f
Great excitement was caused here by ttio at rest
of me Attorney General by ordor of the govern
ment. The arrest gave rise to a demonstration by
the people.
Troops were ceiled out and fired upon the crowd,
kilting oue person and wouudtug nineteen. The
action of the government causes miich dissatisfac
tion among the people. The trouble arose from
personal enmity betwoon tne Attorney General and
the Governor.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Govrrnw Scott's Clank Movement In tbe
Stain T.egUlaiare?By thn Exorcise of His
(?iiberaatorial Prerenal I re H? bits iiefenteS
the Impeachment Sobeme?The Km Klux
Prisoners under Indict meat.
Colombia, s. c., Dec. 22, 1871.
Governor Scott, with a view of preventing
the postponement of a vote In his im
peachment, sent a message to the Legis
lature this morning containing a proclamation
convening that body In extraordinary session at
uoon to-morrow. The Governor's supporters then
pressed a vote on a motion to strike ouPtbu resolv
ing clause of the impeachment resolution. The mo
tion was Anally earned atone o'clock?yeas 63,
nays 32. This defeats tbe Impeachment.
Then came another proclamation front the Gov
ernor revoking the proclamation issued a few hours
previously, and me Legislature, at three o'clock, in
pursuance of the concurrent resolution passed last
week, adjournal until January t.
In the Kit Klux trials to-day Mr. CliamberiAln
closed Ins argument tor the prosecution lit the cases
of wnitslde and Mitchell. The jury la now out
making up a verdict.
ARMY AND NAVY ORDERS.
WaSHINuton, Dec. 22, 1871.
Captain linker. Assistant.Quartermaster, has been
relieved from duty at Camp Qallcck, Nevada, and
authorized to proceed to ban Francisco. First Lieu
tenant Harriett, of the First cavalry, has resigned.
Medical Director Thomas M. Potter has been ordered
to the marine rendezvous at New York.
captain I,.*o. Quackenbush has been detached
from duly as Inspector of Navy Yards and placed
on watting orders. Lieutenant Commander Merrl
man has been detached from tho Worcester aud
ordered to the Cananuatflua. Passed Assistant
Surgeon William J. simon one been detached from
the Nlp'lc and placedjpri waiting orders. Paymaster
J. P. Hamilton Is relieved from tho Onward and
ordered to settle accounts.
WHY T8 THIS 7
Cincinnati. Dec. 22, 1871.
Resolutions wore Introduced in the Board or Al
dermen to-day calling (or the rejection of the bill
pending In the Legislature whioh authorizes
the city ol Cincinnati to issue fit), 000,000
In bond* for the building or the .Southern Railway;
and directing the city solicitor to sue out au in
junction to prevent the issue of the bonds. The
resolutions were referred t? me committee on
Claim*.
.similar resolutions have bten Introduced in toe
UUapbw of OOBinoroo,
VIRGINIA FINANCES.
The .liiuanry lnerM am ihe Niele B??(U N?K
i? bo 1'uid on tUo twt 4i?nM*rF-?B*cl?A
went of the Members of the
iho Peoide Bf|nriiif|
..?mi aaiI A Pair
''uu-iii ef Mai. Ht'bu-Ariiou ?f the
I'CKiolfitiire.
ll'C'UMONb, Va., Deo. 22, (PL
T|?o Legislature adjourned to-day jor jh^ holidays
after Having dxed the ?Jof>t question in a way Ufa*
U satist'aeiory to themselves, Out very ruliiogs to
tho bondholders and Injurious to the oredtl of the
State. Tiioy nave passed a law .suspending Hie fur
ther funding of the debt under the fund
ing law passed last spring. There had
been aireauy some thirty million dollars or the
|4l,ooo,ooo funded, and this interest would
have boou paid on tho 1st of January by the Audi
tor, but they liuvo obtained an ojiluiou from the
Attorney Genera! of the State to the eitoct mat no
interest can tie paid by the Auditor without au ap
propriation t>y the General Assembly for this pur
pose. The Auditor, it is understood, s'ands pledged
to abide by tills decision, consequently the interest
due on tue lsi of January, as we predicted in a
former despatch to the Herald, will not he paid.
As the Governor bos not yet signed tue bill passed
suspending the operations under the Funding act
the funding m still going on at tne Auditor's office.
*ls thought the ftqveruor will veto the measure.
v Li the author of tue Funding law, and is fully
eomuut.^ 'o 1* ,u everJ It Is,

in fact, *IW poitoV regsvif to the
Stato debt. ?"t his Ve^ w"!
good, or tr he Internum fts the repudUwJ^?
two-third majority and will, no doubt, pass tt
His head. Tne most Influential papers tu the State
and the ix-st people are opposed to the action ot me
Leitsiuiure, but sanction repudiation. Tho excuse
Is hard times, and Inability to meet the heavy
taxation necessary, but the fact Is that the members
are indifferent to public honor, ami would be only
too giad to rid themselves of the debt without the
necessity of paying it. Bui there is no doubt that
in the eud some measure will ue adopted winch will
save the iluanctal honor of the state.
Should the micros! not be paid on the 1st January
there will be a surplus of about snwo.onu in tho
no
Treasury for which there will be no use whatever,
and the question then arises, what will ttier do witn
this money Things are decidedly unsettled tiuau
claliy, auu the nest people ot tho city regret the
course of tho legislature.
The rapid decrease or Virginia securities ar the
North is working great iniury aud loss, and the
discredit wntcli the course or the Legislature will
bring upon the urate. It is feared, will stop immi
gration and tue Influx of capital from abroad.
All now are convinced that, no matter what mav
happen, the lutcrest will not be paid on the 1st or
January.
Kev. .lames B. Taylor, for the past twenty-five
years Corresponding .secretary or the Foreign Mis.
stou Board or the southern Baptist convention, died
here to day, aged sixty-nine years.
Mrs. Clara Johnson, au aged lady, was burned to
deatn by her clothes taking tire from the grate. She
was attending the marriage ot her granddaughter.
THE WEATHER REPORT.
War DeI'ARTMKST,
Ol-TR'fC OF THE ClilBV SIGNAL OPPIUKIt, J
Washington. D. U? Dec. 23, 1H7L
S>jnoimin for the post Twenty-four Horn's.
The area of high barometer has moved since
Tnursdav night northeast ward to the Bay of Puudy,
aud the pressure had fallen front tho Atlantic
coast westward to tho Ilocky Mouutaius
cloudy weather has prevailed very generally over
this area, with suow north of Teuuessee and the
enroll una, turning to rain at some points lu the
Middle states aud Illinois. Northwesterly winds have
coatiuuod on tlio South Atlantic coast. Increasing
southeast winds In the Gulf Slates aud on the lakes.
Thuisday's reports from sau Francisco show that a
very low barometer prevailed in California that day,
and since then has probably passed eastward over
the Rocky Mountains, aud Is now central In Missouri.
Probabilities.
The area of lowest barometer will probably move
oortlieastward, over the Ohio valley, with brisk
south winds In the Gulf aud Increasing easterly
winds on me Atlantic coast. The area or rain ex
tend during Saturday over the Middle Atlautio
Stales, and rising temperature, with cloudy
weather, prevail very geuerally east of tne lower
Mississippi, the Ohio and the St. Lawrence divers.
Cautionary signals are ordered tor New Orleans
and Mobile.
Supplementary Weather Itepurt.
Washington, Dec. 22, l?7L
Last lilgbt snow was reported from Cbeyeune,
Wyoming Territory; Gitlcago, III.; Uorlaiio, Dtuh;
Detroit, Mlcb.; Toledo, Oluo; KeoKuk, Iowa; Louis
ville, Ky., and Torouto, Canada. Upon tbe summit
of Mouut Washington, N. H., tbe barometer was
20.75; tue ihermomeier was 25 degrees below zero;
the weatber was cloudj and a northwester was
blowing at (be rate or seventy miles an
hour. The mercury at Boston fell to two
degrees below zero; at Duiuth, Miuu., nine
below; at Portland, Ale., nine below; and at. Mon
treal, Canada, seven degrees oeiow zero. It was
snowing tills morning lu Baltimore, Md.; Cape Mar,
N. J., Cluciunau and Cleveland, Ohio; Indianapolis,
lad.: Lynchburg, Va.; Pittsburg, Pa.; Washington,
o., aud Keokuk, Iowa. The weather was loggy
lu New York city. Kaiu lell 111 Savannah, La.,
and Loulsvule. Ky. It was sleeting In Nor
folk, Va. in tins city about half-past one P.
M. the snow, which had been lulling since lorty
minutes past six A. M., turned into a disagreeable
storm of sieeu This evening snow fell in Buffalo,
Chicago, Cleveland, Davenport, Iowa; Detroit,
Kscauaoa, Uraud Haven and Marquette, Mien.;
Duiuth, Mlnu.; Milwaukee, Wis.; New London,
Conu.: New York city; Omaha, Neb.; Philadelphia,
Ta.; Rochester. N. Y.; St. Paul, Minn.; Toledo,
Ohio, and Toronto. Canada. It was sleeting at Bal
timore, Md.; Lynchburg, V?? and Washington city.
Rain lell in Cape May, N.J.; ludlauapolls, lmi.;
Koeknk, Iowa; Norrolk, Va., and Pittsburg, i'a.
TTie temperature lu this city was 22 degrees; at Key
West, da.. 77 degrees, and at (lalvesion, Texas and
New Orleans, 08 degrees.
The Weatber In This City Yesterday.
The following record will show the changes in the
temperaturiyfor the past twenty-tour hours In com
parison with the corresponding dav or last year, as
indicated by the thermometer at Hud nut's Pharmacy,
Hekalo Building, corner 01 Ann street;?
1870. 1871. 1870. 1871.
3 A. M 22 8 3 1'. M 27 20
0 A. M 21 9 8 P. M 20 20
0 A. M 21 14 9 P. M 28 23
12 M 25 18 12 P. M 20 24
Average temperature yesterday 17^
Average temperature for corresponding date
last year 24x
THE SCAFFOLD.
Vxeciillon of a Cfelarrd Wife Murderer Yes
lerdny at IMIm,
r,Tref. 22. 1871.
Prank Mays, colored, was hung at Grenada, Miss.,
to-day, for the murder of Ills wife by ratsbane last
April, lie bad been twice respited. He was over
come by lilghl, and had to be carried (0 the scaf
fold.
TELEGRAPHIC NEW3 ITEMS.
Three boys, usined Lee Grosvenor, Hill Costn and Charley
FolJstt, we're drowned on Thursd.ty while skating uu tbe
Muskingum Hirer at Marietta, Ohio.
J. N. Hine A Cu'e. ami B. F. Slsson and Low's dry goods
Store*, 00 Court street, Blothatnploo, were burned yesterday
morning. The damage doi.c 10 tue store* and other prope-ty
to the block Is ahoul $14,000.
liorernor Hayes has appointed J. Bryant Walker, eon of
tbe laie Tlinoiliy Walker, and John L. Miner, Judge* ol the
Superior Court of Cincinnati, to Oil the vacancies caused by
the resignations of Judges 1'endiey and reft.
Tbe largest emotini 01 mail matter Hint ever reached Chi
?Ago In a single day arrive I there yesterday. The Postmaster
was compelled to leave over forty tons o mall matter out
side, the I'ost oOice being Inadequate to contain It.
The whiting work* of John Pettit A Co., on Newmarket
street, Philadelphia, were burne I yesterday morning, t he
loss on stock and machinery 1a $25. (UNI: Insured for JTn.OOO,
The building destroyed Is intured.for $0,000 lu New lurk
oilices.
A car containing the malls, express matter aud baggage on
tbe morning train from Indianapolis to I'eire llaute yester
day, by the Vaudada Hue, took tlrs from a store at eeeley
vine. Tb? car, with Its contents, eiprest, mall* and bag
gage, were entirely consumed.
Michael Ortdin, eon In-law of Patrick Uoyle, who was re
cently murdered In Aver, Mast but been arrested on sus
picion ot being concerned In the affair, If not the perpetra
tor of ibe murder, tie It the aecond supposed murderer ar
rested. Keating being the hrst on*.
The Phi Kappa Pit iraternlty, representing thirtv three
College souiet.es, closed Its annual ittllvltles In Phl.adefphia
yesterday. General Htnghain, Postmaster of that o.tr, pre
sided. Theodore Tlltou delivered tbe oration. Mr. Charles
Miraner was chosen orator for next year.
William W. Hill, agent of tbe Ray Mills, at Katt Green
wich, H. I., yesterday shot himself twice, While suffering
irom aberration ot mind, tits wife, In endeavoring to pre
vent the second shot, was heiaeli wounded, but, li la hoped,
not letally. Hill Is living, but the ball cannot be rsached.
John O. Kennedy, one ol the men who recently struck at
Hatleraon'a cranlie quarry, Westerly, R. I., asseits Ibat the
strike was on account of i ell lire to receive wages due, and
not because ot a runes! to dismiss apprentices. Tbisstale
ment is poeittesly contradicted by a workman on a neigh
ooring ledge, who inaiste that the employment of appren
tices caused the strike
Beaver, Miller A Co.'* planing mill, Brers A Co.'s ehair
factors, and several barn* and one dwei.lug were totally de
stroyed by tire at Tort Wayne, Ind., yoitsvdsy morning. The
lost linearly thirty thousand dollars; Insurance about nine
thousand dollars, tnontir In foreign companies. Water was
scarce, and owing to the extreme oold weather tnsiirsmeu
were unable to do much.
The recently appointed gorernmenl commissioners to eg
amine to inueli of its* Missouri. Kansas sntl Tesae Hal I road
a* ie oompieue In Indian Territory bars inspected the rood
end made a favorable report, regarding it lirsl elnsa In every
respect They further report the h. t ig* across the Kansas
Hi ver te nearly compleie'i, that the ties ere now
i apt* the iron will eyou be I phi to Vanadipn Rivets
NEW HI SOCIETY.
Auiiiversary Banquet at Del
ation lco'?.
Speeches bjr Rer. Uenrj War^He^ her,
Uorcrnor Jewell, of HasHaohbrfn!*;
Rer. Dr. Bellows. Wm. w.
i'
FvarU, Professor fforthmp,
of Tale, and Others.
Great Landing of the Hew England Character?
The Tammany King Danounoad?Tha Glory of
Bringing tha Thieves to Bay Claimed by
Hew England Idea*?America Exhibit
ing to the World tha Advan
tages of a Bepublio? Reason the
Ruler and Hot the Sword
Tha New England Society laat evening celebrated
tha two-hundredth anniversary or the Lauding <>r
tho pligrlnit an3 ftiotiilf-StJtn o? formation m
the society. As usual, the anniversary was hon
ored by a buunnet, which was thin year
fietn at Delraonico'a, Fourteenth street and
Fifth Tv^tltW. About three -hundred gen
tlemen sat ?I?WU ,0 dinner, all united
in the boude of tuuiiuU love, ana
most of them distinguished fit inCd^varlous avooa
tlotia in life. Several well known meii we; pWT
ent, a few of them betng from cue outside world,
and among the latter ex-Collector Murphy.
The chair wus occupied by the President, Joseph
H. cnoate, who made a liuppy address before au
nouuolug the order of toasts. He said he would be
faithless to his trust ir, lor the last time, he did
not thaalc the society lor kindnesses during
the many years lie had presided over it.
He then went ou In a humorous
strain, which several times received the applause of
tho assemblage, to show how, as physiologists
ailtrin, seven years haviug pussed Uy during Ins
career among them, lie had not expended every drop
or his blood and the last fibre of lit* body
lu their service. But hla pastor was always
pleaching resignation, and he supposed lie
was obliged to submit. He then spoke
of the degradation in which New vork oity had
been plunged by the corrupt ring that had ruled it,
and how within the suort space of six weeks it had
be<-u purified. If the Puritan Fathers had got into
i heir hunds public plunderers like those
wo had they would have luuged tlieni as
suredly. They had had other notions of law
than ours. There was no gallows In tue world at
the lime of the first murder, bill there was a mark
put upon the murderer by which all men should
know hiui, and there was now a mark put upon
Hie plunderers of this city by which, no matter
what part of the world tiiev might go to, they
should be known. Their photographs, as (Itey ap
peared in our weekly papers, wero gone over
iliar vis;
the world and the familiar visages of these men
would everywhere be recognizee. The speaker
concluded by alluding to the sell-goveruuient which
the people themselves should everywhere demand
and practice.
Ttie first toast was "Tne day we celebrate." re
spouded to by Kev. Henry Ward needier who.
aiier humorously alluding 10 the laci ihai owlua to
conversation be had had during iHnuer with the
chairman the latter hud stolen a good deal
or nis thunder, glanced at me "irtie that
nad ever been said. written or sutig
about the Pilgrim Fathers, the Muytlower and
tne people who nad come over here in that famous
ship. lie then went on to speak of the fathers
themselves:?Tnat they had their faults there is no
doubt. They brought ttietr prejudices over here
with them aud their superstition-'. The devil was
everywhere, they thought. We m New York kuow
that Buoh is not the case. But thev be
lieved that the devil's emissaries were abroad
aud hence the abuses to which witches
were subjected. This was an Insanity brought from
hurope. our lathers were more exonipt Iroui the
disease than were those left after them. Thev
cauie here 10 build States. They had wise conceu
ttons or tue value of man, eveu tn lit* lowest estate,
nail wlieii tlioy cauia to aUuiiiiiHtcr as ttovcniur i
thev did so reverentially. Tney built States aud
societies lor lue oenettt of tne individual
reiueuiheriuir that no .mule oan flourish loan
where ine individual men are not in honor. Ju r/i?
Hiicteiu Jtouiaii times the funnly was the .state-as
tne family was so was the state. Now it is the
i individual, unr fathers, as the builders, nad as wise
ideas as to the machinery of govcriuneut as any men
who ever lived. Look at our hisiirnrions all over
the country. They are New Kngland institutions,
lltey were flrst tried in New Knglatid. aud then
scattered abroad, so ih.it the whole politioui
machtue or North America to-day owes Its origin
to New Kngland. To New Kngland also
belongs the doctrine ot State rights. They were
jealous communities those, in the early times. This
wide sweep ioi country must have some Joints
where to give way, and these joints are the .state
lines. But 1 do not mean by state rights stuie s..v
ere guty. Wheii.ttiererore.lt Is said that Viriririla
Is the mother of state rights, it. is lorirotten thai this
is a Southern idea, because it belongs to New Kuir
laud. Did not Calhoun and others of tno
leading Southern men get their education
in New Kugiuud? Our lathers believed in
public hentlmcut ami brought up a people who had
to act accordingly, in the old country the state
owned the Church: here the Church owned the
State. The first thing in a new town used to be a
church, and the inhabitants or the magistrates
would not mink ot doing anything without consult.
Ing the pastor. The ministers then preached po't
tics lu tno puiptt and taught the people mo
rality In politics, as well as in all other re
lations or lite. They prayed to the Father and lor
the fatherland. Communities are like Individuals?
they get over Indiscretions. The rebound in tho
community Is like the rebound in the life of an in
dividual. It was public seniiment that guided
Now Kngland. li is in this public sentiment thai re
publics are superior to monarchies. It, was this
that killed slavery; lor wlieu New Kngland is
moused It stays aroused until ihe public seiuinient
Is gratified. It was in one of these paroxysms during
the last few months that the dragon wlih its hun
dred heads was killed in this city. New Kngland
had a bright idea of justice between man aud man.
and this permeates wherever tne Purltun spirit is
to be found. There will never again be so bad a stale
of affairs in New York us we have recently secu
and this ren-rming spirit will spread rroni
city to city all over the country. Mr. Beccher ihen
spoke oi the republican party, to which, of courso
he belonged, and which he migni sav tie baptized
hi ls58, when some of those he saw now beiore him
were faithful among the fiuihless. He wanted ro
9C3 die ifyson used m all Uie dcourlnieniti oi the
general govei anient, li tli6 MlWei6 made for ll. It
WUH not a New Kngland principle to shun luvotti
gallon, and lie would throw opon all the ihm-mj?
and allow the Inquisitors to saar..n sua y/roaujie.
encourage VoTir oonimiuces To woilc aii'I search to
Ihe uttermdst. Finally lie begged of his hearers to
imitate the virtues of their lathers for that manly
integrity aud indomitable honesty which cuaraver
l/.ed I item.
I Three cneers were then given for Piesident
I Beccuer, after which Mr. lleechcr rose and sai l lie
was ready under the circumstances to hear
any application lor ofllee that might be male
whereupon there were mure cheers.
The next loast was "The President of the United
Stales, whlcn lu a few words was responded lo bv
the chairman. 1
The next was "The city," to which tue chairman
explained tne people had responded on ihe Tth of
Noveumer.
To me mast of "New Kngland" (Jovornor Jewell
responded in souie well cuosen remarks.
In* uext was "New Kngland Ihiaracler." re
quently t0 Ur" Hellows- w,,? fespuuded ele
Tnen came the toast of "American Diplomacy
responded to by William M. Kvarts, who said-A
man is never called to leave nis country without
noticing a great Increase of festivity at his depar
lure, and I find in this society, where I am so much
at home, thai the heartiest applause attends
me wnen about to go. This cuuse of ours
concerns all who speak ihe Knglish language, all
who are disposed to show the world now lue i.ng
llsli speaking people can preserve mat peace amoun
themselves which amis ate employed to preserve ov
others. Tins nation of ours had just emerged from a
war which nad thrown all lamiiiar histories'of war
into the shade. We ua-i exhibited to
ourselves an I to tlie world extraordinary luvenuons.
the greatest courage aud a complete triumph. This
might nave made others imagine that wo would have
at all hazards deiended our rights at the point of
the sword. When beiore was there a nation tun
or the consciousness or her strength ami
resouroes, seen to quietly assert, that wisdom was
belter than the weapons of wart It cannot i?e as
serted thai lepublics love war more than oeace.
Indeed, you may search the history ol di
plomacy iu vain tor a nation situated
as ours was?suflering from ail the wounds
Inflicted upon us?so i ool and so Just
as to cxhoit by reason rather than have recourse io
war. It was said that America, hustled with viciorv
alter our wur, would be a standing menace io the
world, hut we have showu dlflcreutly. Wti-noe
do we gather those principles ti,at th,is
Pi!!!1? lMU *ew Kngland? American
ll?? J1?', consist in treedom ironi our
duty io ood, but freedom that we may do our duty
lo Uod. Kquslity of rights of itself wld noc nulid up
a nation. We must have equality of rights, com
munity ol Interests and reciprocity of duty, it is
this we mean to look for iu the treaty
now pendlug. -If more be a breach of duties
between men the moral Judgment of the world
pronouiMiM against it. It is o<iil mat all of ns who
to to Ueasva irom America are New ?ngisndorg.
If tltia is a reproach to us lue leuroaoh utis: go
farther and luto many iiranoiK-H or the pupiio ser
vice. w e nave bad no share i* Mm ?wa.iU<M
I Ml
twain refftrrM to Hi
oonditloH wli'.ch are itecfuHMry f>r 'on
?taMUff o( ft datum, aft t eonciu t -l i?r iftfeftljoitdw
tns dial lenun, i'oiibii'mi on PutPan ti priHcipMH
1 ah til Riilfte die coiUerenoe* at tonvj lu refercno#
*"o frffttp.
to v.. "I _ "XWO 4 0' N
The ne*i "Th" c<>-..,?,,...
Fuziaml With.1* rea|KMi<leI io l?r I'rwawof
(fortanHi, of Yale. wl alter amu- fttftor .asm of
th? imo&i nvti ww Omsk* 9t *s
iOUIftO'l. W
3T\B3CKO ATFRAT AT A 8AL00H
Autr-.YIorti-nt "iii'fBini'.
Coroner Herman m jrattousv a .<??4 to Sil Tbir
teenth street to take the aote mortem a'.tte.oent l h Hnw
Angaio, whit 1"?l ''"ft*"""1' -a*''''"'
Prom Augftto'* atateinant it app--*rs lnt,H ?"tb
Patrick MaKaon, a" lh* "","1' 1
"?not ion, a^nu, B. car ""u* '.T,'t'Z
Ukmg ot rtrmlMMtto be Aucmn Whle >n the
Mi'Kroo to pav Ui? hi.. I to Aa
nV J'"onnell iq,| tli?
(?i>, Yon tUo nun 1 iriat: jii on?^. si.
-hi"? 1 ''"dM A eg ilo denied tun be hat tmie
"',"r ""ire WON. ti'DonneU drew aft
ti h?.. rr*ft0t! bis liana. ?'I I liilMi An<t'o
?n i t-iVi ??UlCti?it a deep ?il l dangerous womi
Tfi* l*ttl>r partially lot'itlutel it tlie tun.. so I lit*
?/..V1' tll?"' Influence Tli" jury I
vol dtct agtinst I fiounetl, anrf Cormier Harrnuu liautiii
"?r,r*"i ,nr. b" and placed t m tie ha .n?o, Captain
Wjlt 'Atltfl, <?l I ho i (FvfviUt i?rt*i\in? for **?Pntilk>fi tit) wily
altar I ha ocourrafioe tl'llriunmi ?.ii.i .t\a or tint ntti' I* W'l 4
mi rested, hut auii.4Biinci.tlr retcaned oil hail Wi.u proper
treatment It l? thought Angaio wit. recover.
THfi UNDERGROUND RAILROAD.
An Imiiortant meeting of tl.e JMai?foi Uicictora of tha
beT'l at tha o lice or the company, U Wall etrect, reil.rl?r,
at which It waa or ft a red that tha report of lbs aJTatia ot tbo
eumpaar tu Doctmher I ba fumUliait to tha pnaa for imiWi
w jnmsm n? ?jsuwewetm
?r,0. h-?'i..^ c'"W?r tflj l? Januarv. and aevarai fitai
Pill.... '?niiae? will lia rocaaed to forwanl taa a?h
^""V^oent. It fa tt? iQtentloit ol tha coiwoaiua
ti> recoiuuiwoa k? w?** ?#i eonN(r!i?lifii? t?iii'N bUoH Unus
?V ff'~ *^jT
^"eVVaira' Nrrvoiia Antidotw Kaa Per
rormtif woancriiil curea of rtheiimatlam, Neuralgia and Ita
htlilr in mr own famllr ami amoiit; ni >nr aicntlicra of rav
Cfiigta?atioa. Rev. H. W. KINti, lliiiitaf'a Point, t?. I
A.?lloirlw?'? Pntent
CHAMPION SAFKft.
tkil UroMilwjtr. coraer Murray street.
Pr??rnHM.?Trn?l? la I.irnly nft
RNO\ s, 2ia tlroa.lwav, the acrobale of the lainoue
Hilinptv Uiimplr, ami there m a great nwli for lila tldl.l
OaV HATS unit KANCIV KUttd, a4 there alioiild he If there
la any attraction in aiiperior article* and reteunablo orlcaft
KNOX'S holiday aeasou piotuUne to l.n iiuutitally hrhllaut.
A.?Holiday Prmeeta.
r-'. A II. T. ANTHoNr A oo
ontioiuc MctroiKilltuii, 5hl Broadway, oiler tbo following
8Tkki:oscopk4 and iirws,
ORH'UOSCItPKS AND BOOM KB.
MAUALP.THO80OPKS AND fiUMjfc.CTB.
ALBUMS. Ai.BUMH. AL8UM4
CIIHOMOS KKAIIV Kit AM KD.
K. A II. T. ANTHONY CO.,
optioHltc Mctroiiiilitan, O.M Broadway.
NLAr AND (JNKITaLLKD Tost MITK VLKWB.
A.?Kaftctiaolieiil itfemii tft i'n?lemran<l Mr
Instinct ilio taste of ''Yotim; America." HI* lull dtnea Hat
lor the tioli'hiy* U the moat IjUiiii; at/le out, aud hie atom,
llh Naasuit sirect, is in a state of elct?? all day long. Tin
dirrolohl inflitcnon of alcgaoce, r* .olletica and cheapness Id
'rroilstlhte.
Auk for Navella's B|nu.is, )Rf] Oralsrlss,
tOc; Organ Hooka, Wo.; Piano Hooka, Wo. vol Broadway.
An Ktrellril Holiday Present lor n l.etdy.??
AUrorer A Baker KI.VTINO MACUINI',. Salesroom* Mt
Hroadwav. 544 and J,:it? Third avenue, New York Ml hultoo
street, Bro iKlyu, and IY4 Waslnngton street, Joraoy C'Uy.
A llolldnv Prrannt.--Ilrooka' Hoot nsHMMS
store, 575 Hroadwav, I* removnil and eontolllated at 1,11ft
Hroadway, corner Tweniv-nlnth atreet. The largeat a at >rt
ment or Hoots anil Shoes In toe City, al reduced prices. Ita
lic! for the lies! Club anil Kink Skates, fremiti eiubroldaaed
Slippers for ladies and centlanien for the holidays.
Angell's Turkish Hatha, Ii?xln|to* Arr
nue. corner of Twenty-flfth street, ?aenth-men every day
and nil night; ladles day ami evening; heat veo llatiou;UMs
est temperature; nogratuUiet; advantages unequalled. Co
rope outdone. __
A.?30.000 Choice nooks. Suitable for floli*
dav presents, at prices to suit tne times.
JOHN PYNK, li? Naaaan attest.
Itnrqnin* la Vina Weld Jewelry.
WHOLESALE P RIDER.
UNI? OOLD EAItRlNUS AND PI NN,
ETRUSCAN CAMEO, (JARNKT, A.1.
COIlAl, EAKRINUH AND PINS.
ONYX AND JK1' EARRINGS AND PINS.
UOLD BAND AND CHAIN BRACELETS
UOLD DOCKETS AND NECKLACES.
SEAL RINUS, AMETHYST, CAMEO, ToPAZ. Ad.
SLEEVE BUTTONS AND STUDS.
HANDKERCHIEF RINGS, CLOVE PARTEM ERR.
DIAMOND RINDS AND STUDS.
CHILDREN'S COLD AMULETS.
CHILDREN'S COLD RINDS AND EARRINGS.
COLD WATCH CHAINS.
COLD THIMBU'S.
SEE PRICES BEFORE BUYING.
WATCHES AND JEWELRY REPAIRED.
GEO. C. ALLEN.?MI Broadway, near Fourteenth str jot.
Birfalm la Milver.Wnr*.
WHOLES ALE PRICES.
CEO. C. ALLEN, Ml Broadway, near Fourteenth street.
Renntiful FIowIm llnir lor Hi* il*lidayn>
CHEVALIER'S LIFE POR THE HAIR reatoree gray
balr, alopa Ha falliuc out, increase* its growth.
ChrUima* Holiday PrMitaD?FronrM
Rrrtnx.es, Fancy Chairs. Desks, Tables, Plana Cover* >*a4
Stool*. U. L. KELTY A CO., Importers, TU Broadwa.y.
Crietadoro'e Hair Bye has aa Equal In the
world; It It the safest aa 1 most reliable of aa y. Soi l trvf
where.
BlnmemU nought nad Neld.-Heo. C. Alloa*
Ml Broadway, near Fourteenth street
Dnvl<l'* Holiday Hat for Ueatleaea Nalet.
room 2WJ6 Broadway, near Duaue strwt.
Iloliduy Present* of AH*etl*n a ad Charity
for wife, mother, sister and friend.
WHEELER A WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES,
i?25 Broadway.
The New York Ledaer?Oat To-Oay.?Tho
flrat number of the NBW YORK LEDGER for the new
year, published to-day at 12 o'clock, contain* ea oriel eat
poem by ALFRED TENNYSON, the poet laureate of Eng.
land, written etpreaaly for the Ledger. The Ledger alee
contains original contributions from Rev. JAMBA MoCOSH,
D. D., LL. D? President of Princeton College; Rev. JOHN
HALL, D. D, of New York; Rev. HENRY WARD
BERCIIRR, Hon. HORACE cRKELBY, Hon. JOHN Oh
S AXE, and other very dletiogulsaed writer*.
[From the New York Ledger.I
WILLIAM CULLEN BRYANT. -Wnhave made arrange
m?iiis Willi Mr. Bryant for a number o1 original norms ny
him. to be wrAlen expressly tor the Ledger during the n?W
y-r. _____________
Th? New York Ledger Oat Tn-?my.?fb*
Drat number of the NKWYOKK LbDOBR fee the new
year, published to-day at 12 o'ulook. eohteiae en original
poem oy ALFRED TENNYSc.V, the poet MMMRBpe of Eng^
mnd, writteu espreseiy for ihe Ledgea Yha hedai r *ls<J
i*
odntaios original contributions from Rev. TAMltt MoCOSH,
D. D, LL. D., Prnstd?nt of Piinoetna College; Rev.
JOHN HALL. D. D., of hew York; Rev. HKNRY WARD
BKEOHKR, Hon. HORACE CRBBLBY. Hen. JOHN 0
SAKE, and other very distinguished writere.
[From the New York Ledger.|
WILLIAM CULLEN HitVANr. -Wekava rande arrange
ments w.th Mr. Bryant for a number of original paaase by
him. to be writteu eipressly for the Ledger dnrlae lb* near
year.
"Pike's Toothache Drops" Cure in Ban Mia*
ute. HILL'S HAIR DYE. olauk or browa, oulf M dents.
Koynl llnvnnn Lottery.??'The Hlfhrnt Rate*
i>?M for D'liiTlooos, all kin Is of Cold anl Sliver.
TAYLOR A 00., Banker*,!? Wall s'.rest. Mew Vara.
Keyal llnvaou Lottery.
JOSEPH BATES A CO., Agent*.
Pott ofllce boi 4,2M. iS Wall street, up ataira
MlelnwnV Anns'
OKAND SQUARE AND DPRIOIIT PIANOS.
Old Planus taken in eicbange. Illustrated catalogue* ti-lt
free on application.
Warerooins si'iowaf Hall, 1W and III East Fourteenth
atreet. New York
The New York l.rdnrr?Om To-Day.-The
first number of the NEW YORK LEDGER (or the near
year, published to-day at 12 o'elock, contains M origin*',
poem by ALFRED TENNYSON, the poet laureate of Eng
land, written eipressly for the Lodger. The Ledger aleo
contain* original contribution* from Rev. JAMBS MoCOSH,
D. D., LL. D., President of Princeton Collegn; Rev. JOHN
HALL, D. D., of New t?"k; Rev. HENRY WARD
REhCHEK, Hon. HORACE CREELEY. Hen. JOHN (A,
SAKE, an i other wry distinguished writers.
[From the New York Ledger.)
WILLIAM Ol I.I.UN BRYANT-We have nss.l* arrnn^
mTiis wlib Mr Bryant for s niovi'wr of "rlgi'inl intent* by
hi'o, i? -viuteu ctpreeely f?i the Le-igSr during kite nev
resi. _____
The Ht-*l Holiday Proeewl?* Mewlmg JU_
cliioo. sal the b?it sew ng msrhine is a "Florence.
Uuioa sgusi.-, >ew York* corner Fiillew aad any sVcete,
Hi loktyn
B'srnnrk A (Inline. BtW Hrondwny.
cent'emen's Ni-a1 Cape,Cl do and llaontlele.
Where in He y Her Ptcim-es, I'siniisiA
Poroeluaa, l.ngi'rh Waiei cut .rv fn h-->w Mroidwsf
price# BR A OLE 'S, Tl I
Wails' NerfMS ieilileie I urrs Wrshsies,
Debility and Pate hy ??er-C?fyi sad strengthen'-i* 'hd en
lite Hf! VvA'i a>- stMH Cvmha >?"*'eutvd