THE EKESS.
WEDNESDAY JIOBNIXG- DEC. 8,1871.
T||„.K who have every day during the sea
son been 'annoyed at the record of base ball
clubs tn the papers, will tind great consolation
this cold weather, in the fact that it has
cut short, for a few months at least, what
those old fashioned people declar e to be a "nui
sance.
When will political and orthographical our
rages on the colored people cease The tra
ditional insult to the African race conveyed by
the simple device of spelling negro with two
“g’s” is far transcended by a correspondent,
who spells it in a manner that is strikingly
original but has plenty of analogies in the
English language to justify it, thus: Knee
yrow. ___
The debate in the House of Representatives
Tuesday relative to the reference of the part
of the President’s message relating to a sys
tem of postal telegraph, developed a decidedly
hostile feeling among the leading members on
both sides, and the reference of the subject to
the Appropriation Committee may be regard
ed as an indication of the hostility of the
House to the scheme.
It is strange that a certain class of laboring
men, led by designing politicians, permit them
selves to be used by the Democratic party for
its own purposes, when they might use the
Republican party for their own. From pres
ent appearances, uuwuver, in tins ouite
will join In the ill-judged movement for a third
party to help the Democracy in the Presiden
tial campaign. There are a few small politi
cians out of business who, soured by neglect,
will no doubt encourage the scheme, but they
will carry nobody with them.
The Argus evidently does not intend to
correct its error in attributing the bitterly
partisan remarks of Judge Church of the New
York Court of Appeals in respect to the Pres
ident, to Chief Justice Chase. Is it possible
that by this means, our contemporary is pre
paring the minds of of the Democracy to ac
cept Judge Chase as the party candidate for
1872? As eagerly as the Chief Justice longs
for the White House, it is doubtful if he
wants it at the price of being mistaken for a
Tammany judge.
The weather of the late fall and early win
ter has been nicely calculated to complete the
work began by the drought of the last two
years. The sever^ cold has honeycombed the
ground, unprotected by snow or a continuous
sward, so that every chance root left alive is
exposed to the frost. The evil is greatly aggrav
ated by the alternation of severe frosts with
•‘thaws,” so that the Maine farmers’ prospect
for a grass crop next year is far from encour
aging. In the central part of the State the
impression that no more hay can be raised
till the fields are plowed up and “laid down”
again, is widely prevalent.
The committee in the National House that
is most important in view of the changes de
manded by the country in the tariff is that of
Ways and Means. Mr. Dawes, the chairman,
has been regarded as a moderate protection
ist, but is classified as a revenue reformer.
What is termed “level-headedness” and thor
ough integrity, make Mr. Dawes generally ac
ceptable. Messrs. Kelley and Maynard are
out-and-out protectionists, who would impose
a protective duty on sunshine if it could be
collected. The other Republican members,
Messrs. Finkeleuburg, Burchard and Rob
erts are classed as revenue reformers. Of the
Democrats, Messrs. Brooks and Kerr, are free
traders, while Mr. Beck of Kentucky, will at
least harmonize with the reformers.
Report of the Secretory of the Treasury.
The report commences by saying: The coun
try has been prosperous during the year now
closing, and the public finances have shared in
the general prosperity. During tho fiscal year
ending June 30th, 1871, the reduction of the
public debt has been .$94,327,764.84. The total
decrease in the public debt from March 1, 1869,
to December 1, 1871, was $277,211,892,16, and
during the same period the annual interest
charge has been reduced $16,741,436.04. The
revenues for the year 1871, and the receipts
since the 1st of July last, show that the time
has arrived when a further reduction in taxes
cau be made, and yet leave the (lovt-rqment in
a position to pay $50,000,000 annually of the
principal of the debt, including the amount
pledged through the sinking fund. In my an
nual report to Congress for 1870,1 expressed the
opinion that the sound policy of the country
should couve'mpi'ite a revenue sufficient to meet
the ordinary expenses of the Government, pay
the interest on the public debt, and from twen
ty-five to fifty million dollars of the principal
annually. To that opinion I adhere, and even
a stronger conviction that the payment annu
ally upon the principal of the public debt
should not be less than fifty millions of dollars.
Large as the revenues of the country have been
during the last three years, our system of taxa
tion has not been oppressive-to individuals, nor
has it in any sensible degree embarrassed the
business of the country, and while relief from I
taxation is desirable, it is yet more desirable to
maintain the public credit in its present elevat
ed position.
The Secretary thinks it is practicable to dis
pense with all the revenue from internal servi
ces except that derived from the stamps of
spirits, tobacco and malt liquors. These
sources should furnish for the years 1872 and
1873 a revenue of about $110,000,000, making a
reduction of taxes of $16,000,000. He recom
mends to the consideration of Congress the re
duction of the duties on salt to the extent of
fifty per cent; the duty on bituminous coal to
fifty cents per ton; the reduction of the duty
on raw hides and skins and the removal of all
duties from a large class of articles produced
in other. countries which enter into the arts
and manufactures of this country, and which
are not produced in the United States, and the
revenue from which is inconsiderable. The
amount of paper money in circulation is still so
great that it cannot be maintained in value at
par with coiu. There are two modes of relief;
one is to reduce the volume of currency, the
other mode is to await the growth of the coun
try and the increasing demands of business,
which in time will produce the desired result.
The chief means of securing the end sought
without a reduction in the volume of currency
would be the use of paper money on tho Pacific
coast. The Secretary says he intends to recom
mend Congress to abolish the system of shares
in moieties as far as the benefits inure Jto reve
nue officers, and to make its an offence for any
officer to enter into an arrangement with an in
former for any share of the proceeds for infor
mation. The erection of a first-class building
for a custom house, court house and post office
in Chicago is recommended, but the Secretary
says he cannot advice appropriations for other
public buildings until some of those in process
of construction shall have been completed. The
ul wuiui me ereuuuu or repair or puDllC
buildings is most needed are Hartford, Indian
apolis, Cincinnati and St. Louis. The Secreta
ry recommends an appropiation of $50,000 for
the purchase of land and the construction of a
pavilion hospital at Pittsburg, Pa., for sick
sailors, the supervising surgeon being of opin
ion that they are cheaper and better than edi
fices of stone and brick. He renews a recom
mendation for a similar hospital near New
York. He recommends the sale of a portion of
the lake revenue steamers. The department is
about to issue proposals for four small iron pro
pellers, two for the Pacific and two
for the Atlantic coast. The change pro
posed contemplates the use of vessels
-of less tonnage and a consequent reduction
in the number of men employed. The Seereta
ry urges the passage of a law fora mint bureau,
aud recommends that provisions be made for
obtaining such returns as will show fully the
trade of the country upon the rivers, canals,
lakes anil railways. He again calls the atten
tion of Congress to the importance of increas
ing the salaries of the Bureau officers and
heads of divisions in the Treasury Department
and recoin mends an increase of the salary of
the surgeons of the marine hospitals
The Secretary thinks the Solicitor of the
Treasury and the Solicitor of the Internal Rev
enue Office should receive their appointments
through the Treasury Department, and be re
sponsible to its head. He recommends the
restoration of these officers to their former po- l
sitions in the Treasury. The examination of
persons designated for clerical service and for
promotion in the Treasury Department has I
been continued with beneficial results, and the I
examination is even more exacting m its re- t
qmrciuent than at the date of file last annual 1
taken to extend the*
enctfof dui«esmay“0fCt8 witw! '‘f'f"
ficieney, if possible fif tji’e^ri"'^ Jm i
houses and. to other branches of the public se“
vice under the control of this department r
Mr. Boutwell then details at length liis neeo t
tiations in this country and Europe of the new t
five per cent, bonds within the limit of $200
000,000, and says that by the last of August 1
subscriptions were obtained for the entire
anioyjit offered on the first of September. The 1
work of disbursing the bonds subscribed for at 1
that date is now going on, and under such cir- 1
cumstances as to leave no doubt that the whole s
business will be concluded in a brief period of e
time. j
The Secretary says: The credit of the coun- f
'u^" established iu every financial centre
of Europe, and the bonds of the United States ii
can be negotiated at their market value in a 3
larger number of cities than the bonds of any
worl<V Under these cir- r,
Ss ,hink it my duty to advise such II
4 1-2 »P™> the 4 and la
tion of thi i,, wit!?<tKaM1W1.secur<‘the negotia- ai
also recommendthat6.,,1??8* .P°881hle delay. I st
payment of imprest m*thonty be given for the tl
done without the least ...T?,’1"011'. ^his can he in
ernment. °°st or ™k to the Gov- a]
Returns for the fiscal 1«
1871 show that the ocean comm and in
ed States is passing rapidly into the 1 6 *t" tl
foreign merchants and ship-builders UU| S.,ljt 1"
year I860 nearly 71 per cent, of the foreign*con *e
merce of this couutry was in American ships'*1"
In considering the means for the restoration t,
of our ocean commerce two facts must be ac- 3;
cepted: First, that it is useless to attempt to r<
revive it with wooden ships: aud, secondly, that Ii
iron ships moved by sails cannot compete with g:
iron ships propelled by steam, hence the only It
practical questions for consideration are these: vi
Can the construction of iron steamships be es
tablished in this country, and if so, by what
means?
After a lengthy review of the subject Mr.
Boutwell says: I am prepared to advise the
passage of a law guaranteeing to persons who
may employ in the foreign trade American
built first-class iron steamships of not less than
20(10 tons burden each, an annual payment for
the period of five years of tlie sum of thirteen
dollars per ton. Tlie subsidy should he propor
tionately less to vessels of lower classification.
In making this recommendation I do not as
sume that there is no other practicable method
of reforming our commerce, hut X present it as
the method which appears to mo to he tlie most
efficient and economical connected with this
plan. It will lie wise to consider whether the
ships may not be so constructed as to he availa
ble for naval purposes and in case of war sub
ject to tlie right of the United States to take
upon their appraised value. They should also
lie reqired to carry tlie mails upon moderate
terms or in consideration of the subsidy. The
use of sailing vessels and steamers built of
wood may lie continued successfully in the
coasting trade, tlie trade witli the Britisli pos
sessions and upon tlie rivers and lakes of the
country, but any effort to regain our former
position upon tlie ocean by their agency must
end disastrously. I entertain the opinion ttiat
tlie policy suggested will be effectual, and that
in a comparatively short period our mechanics
and artisans will acquire equal skill with those
of England, and that we shall not only have
tlie aid of the best machinery now in use else
where, hut that important improvements will
he made calculated to place the country in a po
sition of superiority.
We shall also be able to test practically the
quality of American iron, which for the pur
pose of shipbuilding is represented as better
than that used in Great Britain. If it shall
appear, as claimed, that American iron is about
10 per cent, better than tlie iron used in
England, an advantage will he secured, not on
ly in tlie diminished cost of tlie vessels, hut al
so in the increased tonnage capacity of Amer
ican ships of equal dimensions over those con
structed with inferior materials, accepting as a
truth established by experience that tlie ocean
commerce of the world is to be carried on in
iron steamships. We must consider and de
cide whether the United States shall disappear
from the list of maritime nations or whether
by a determined and practical effort we can re
gain the position which we occupied previous
t the late rebellion.
The following is a tabular statement of the
estimates for the current fiscal year, for tlie
next year, and the appropriations for the cur
rent year. It will be observed by comparison
that the estimated public expenditures for 1873
are less by $7,023,283 than the estimates for
18/w, ana J.,uo*,uoo less tnun tut; sum wuwu «as
actually appropriated for the same year. The
estimates for 1872 are as follows:
Legislative. $3,263,966
Executive. 17,238,165
Judicial. 2,3*8,750
Military. 28,488,194
Naval. 20,045,417
Indian affairs. 5,021,569
Pensions. 30,000,000
Public works. 22,338,278
Postal service. 4,G94,383
Miscellaneous. 14,305,428
Permanent appropriations.161,895,167
Total.$309,639,319
The estimates for 1873 are as follows:
Legislative.;. $3,421,812
Executive. 17.443,531
Judicial. 3,383,350
Military. 31,422,509
Naval. 18,946,088
Indian affairs. 5,445,617
Pensions. 30,480,000
Public works. 19,468,562
Postal service. 5,474,001
Miscellaneous. 11,258,325
Permanent appropriations.154,961,237
Total. .$301,705,036
The appropriations for 1872 are as follows:
Legislative. $2,859,855
Executive. 18,771,337
Judicial. 2,368,752
Military. 28,035,849
Naval. 19,784,717
Indian affairs. 5,593,602
Pensions... r. 33,050,000
Public works. 15,413,900
Postal service. 4,694,383
Miscellaneous... 7,505,550
Permanent appropriations. 163,601,861
Universal and extraordinary. 579,289
Total.$302,759,99
Report of the Postmaster-General.
The ordinary revenues of this department for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, were $20,
037,045.42, and the expenditures of all kinds
$24 ',390,104,OS.
The increase of revenue for the year 1871 over
the year 1870 was $1,157,667.77, or 6.13 per cent
and the increase of expenditures $1,0*M,266.45,
or 4.45 per cent., showing a net increase in rev
enue of $116,401.32. The increase in revenue
for the year 1871 over the year 1869 was $2,720,
869.70, or 15.72 per cent., and the number of
packages of postage stamps lost in the mails
during the year was six, representing $258; and
of stamped envelopes three, representing $51.70;
r being much less than the losses from similar
delinquencies in 1870 and previous years.
There were in the service of the department
on the 30th of June, 1871, 7286 contractors for
the transportation of the mails. Of mail routes
in operation there were 8951, aggregating in
length (exclusive of special routes) 238,359 miles,
in annual transportation 107,572,794 miles, and
in animal cost $11,529,395.
There was an increase over the preceding
year in length of routes of 7127 miles, in annual
transportation 10,547,71)8 miles, and in cost
$644,742. Adding the increased cost for rail
j wa.v post office clerks, route, local and other
agents as $404,636, the total increase in cost was
$1,049,378.
j The Postmaster Conor al renews his recom
I mmillntiAtl fill- rn-l rl in L'+inont nf Vw.
for carrying the mails, and for a new survey of
the post route maps.
The amount of lines imposed upon contrac
tors, and deductions made from their pay on
account of failures and other delinquencies, for
the last year was $75,256.71, and the amount
remitted during the same period was $10,076.94,
leaving the net amount of fines and deductions
$65,179.77.
The total number of new mail bags procured
and imt into service was 60,400, of which 54,000
were used £«r the transmission of printed mat
ter and 6400 for letter mails. Their cost was
$66,015.
1 he number of complaints of missing letters
during the year is 4600, of which 2057 were reg
istered and 2543 unregistered, containing bonds,
drafts anil currency to the nominal amount of
$418,743.92. Of registered letters 659 were ac
counted fur as received at their destination, and
only 283 have been reported as actually lost.—
The remaining cases are in the hands of special
agents for investigation. For violations of the
postal laws 123 persons have been arrested, of
whom 51 have been convicted anil sentenced to
different degrees of punishment, and tlie re
mainder are in the hands of the Department of
Justice to be dealt with according to law.
The total number of letters exchanged, dur
ing the year, with foreign countries was 20,295,
993, an increase of 1,936,620 over the number
reported for 1870. Of this number, 10,461,868
were sent from, and 9,834,130 were received in,
the United States.
The cost of the trans-Atlantic sendee was
$174,138.39—$148,153.48 less than in 1870.
The total cost of the United States ocean mail
steamship service for the year 1871 (including
$725,000 paid,from special appropriations for
steamship service to Japan and China, to Bra
zil, and to the Hawaiian Islands) was $975,995,
71.
The total appointments in the department
during the year number 8370, and the total
number of employes is now 43,954.
During the last fiscal year the number of
money-order offices in operation was 2076. On
the 31st of July, 1871, 376 additional fuoney-
order offices were established, so that the whole l
number of such offices is at present 2452; the
number of domestic money-orders issued during
the year was 2,151,794, the aggregate value of
which was $42,164,118.03; the number of such i
orders paid was 2,121,664, amounting in value
to $41,705,667.03; to this sum is to be added the
amount of orders repaid to the purchasers,
$321,669.28; total of payments, $42,027,330.31. 1
The adoption of the postal telegraph and post
office savings bank systems is urged. The Post-
master-General renews his recommendation for
tlie repeal of the franking privilege, as “utter- 1
ly incompatible witli an economical anil vigor- 1
ous administration of postal affairs.” He also
favors tlie postal-card clause in the new' postal
code, and recommends the increase of the sala-
ries of the three Assistant Postmasters-Gencral
and the Superintendents of Foreign .Mails and
Money-Order System to $5000. e

Report of the Secretary of the Interior. 1
Tlie humane policy inaugurated by tlie Gov- s
»UUiv.uv in im; wuuiuuu ua xuuiuu an airs ior f
the past two years has been productive of grat- x
ifymg results. The Board of Commissioners,
composed of citizens distinguished for philan- s
fchropy, and serving without pay, has assisted
in removing from the Indian service much that
lias been heretofore regarded as the source of
3vil and injustice. The Indian tribes, during r
die past year, have raised about ten millions ot 1]
dollars of agricultural products. There are 216
schools among the tribes, with an average at
endance of 8920 pupils. Outrages which have c
jeeurred bv nomadic tribes in Arizona, Now b
Vlexico and Western Texas, where the peace
>olicy has not fully penetrated, have been
promptly punished by tlie military authorities.
Agriculture and education must be encouraged
unoug the tribes, as conducive to a more com- oj
ilete civilization. The Indian population now
uuler the jurisdiction of the L mted States is
ibout 321,000, excluding 75,000 in Alaska and Ir
t few thousand scattered through different u
dates, who maintain no tribal relation:
hus remain 242,371, located in nineteen States
ind territories. If this entire Indian popula
ion could be gathered into Indian Territory ai
here would he for them 1,30 acres of‘land per ce
apita, an ample area. .Such a disposition of
hem would release from Indian occupancy 93,
92,731 acres of land, and throw it oiien to white ni
ettlcment and civilization. Such facts make it of
f tlie utmost importance that tlie Indian Ter- w
itory be organized under a territorial govern
lent, with sucli regulations as shall secure the ty
ights of tlie Indians in the soil and protect dt
iein until they attain such progress as to pro- n<
jet themselves.
Of tlie public lands, there were disposed of 81!
""ug.,0tb® year .10,606,792.03 acres; of which Pa
were by approvals to railroads, of
by homestead entries under act of
ash Ths Sdlne0tS'I and 1,339,982.37 for
an 5
ssssass
‘g the year 19,429 applications for patents rie
137 caveats, and 181 applications for extension
There are at the present time on the pension mi
11s the names of tail widows of soldiers in the his
evolutionary War, a decrease of 93 since the aci
st report; there are the names of 1214 widows thi
id children of soldiers who served in wars sub
quent to the Revolution, and prior to tiiat of le
e Rebellion, a decrease of 72 from the preced- P°
g year. During the last fiscal year there were an
lowed 7807 original applications for invalid j-r„
nsions of soldiers, ami 3379 applications for
creased pension of invalid soldiers. During
e same time there were allowed 8282 original for
nsions to widows, orphans and dependent tat
latives of soldiers, and 1810 applications for
crea.se of pensions of this class were admit- mL
i v? whole amount paid during the year wo:
i military pensioners was $12,304,520.
latives or 0I'Pliaus and dependent J
»ve been m'ii?,40J;7<5; Vs1 claims for pensions sliu
anting pSt?ons’;de.nthe ^ct of Feb- *871, ten
12 and their J "°'^er3 of the war of the
g,S,i.?3K; g
md of widows, orphans and dependent rela
tives 1073.
Tiie Bureau of Education has been busy dur
ing the year in obtaining and supplying infor
mation in the distribution of documents, and in
the collection of facts and statistics.
Three-fourths of the statistical tables of the cen
sus have been sent to press and about 1000 pages
are already in type. The work ujion the three
quarto volumes will be completed during the
winter. Tin) report recommends the publica
tion cf the most important results of the cen
sus in an octavo form convenient for popular
use.
The Northern Pacific railroad is completed for
a distance of 228.2 miles. The work is being
vigorously prosecuted, the contractors binding
themselves to have the road completed to the
Missouri by the 1st #f July next. Of the Cali
fornia and Oregon railroad 77.0 miles were ac
cepted January 3. Seventy-five miles on the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad have been accept
ed. ___
What Shall be Done with the Dead f
A writer in the December number of Old and
New advocates a return to the Greek custom of
buniiim the bodies of the dead. It is mainly
on saiJfc-y grounds that the classic custom is
admirable; but to convenience and to the sat
isfaction of certain finer requirements of the
imagination an appeal is also made in support
of the suggestion. In communities no older
than Portland, even, where the want of room
has never at any time been a difficulty of which
the inhabitants were conscious, the sanitaly
consideration has its due weight The pollu
tion of wells and springs and the various direct
contairfinations of air and water by the pres
ence of crowded burial-grounds in large towns
are facts established by modem hygienic sci
ence. It has never yet, however, been necetsary
in any American city to resort to such extraor
dinary devices to bury the dead as are indispen
sable in older countries, the details of which
are too horrible for recital. The periodical
destruction of all human remains is among the
least offensive of these enforced desecrations.
Tii.*- oTnuripTiPA nf nnr own cifcv in thA mat..
ter of what is called the Eastern Cemetery is
proof that not only the demands of health but of
decency and proper respect for the dead are some
times disregarded “on the unlimited side of the
Atlantic.” However, such unpleasant conse
quences are here chiefly the result of careless
ness or ignorance. Burial-places that are grad*
ually surrounded by growing towns may easily
be removed, after all immediate personal inter
est in the occupants is gone, beyond the limits
of probable territorial growth. This has been
done in Waterville, recently, without protest
from any quarter. The discussion of the ques
tion of cremation from what may be the sen
timental standpoint is all, therefore, that need
engage our attention.
And first, if the Old and New wishes to ob
tain a favorable consideration for what it pro
poses it will be necessary for it to keep out of
sight the utilitarian aspect of the case. The
theory that it is a graceful thing for a man to
bequeath his ashes to his fellows, after his body
has been destroyed by combustion or other
chemical process, for the purpose of enriching
the soil, may be correct. Nor is there anything
repulsive about it to the philosophical mind.
But it is so easy to turn the whole thing into
ridicule by asking if a luxuriant crop of cab
bages will solace one for the loss of a cherished
friend, gnd if a splendid growth of onions will
dry the tears of a bereaved widower, that this
part of the subject should be ignored by the ad
’vocates of cremation, provisionally, at least.
They might, it is true, turn the scales by show
ing the attractive side of the picture, and point
ing to the reappearance of the grace and fra
grance of beautiful lives in the soft odors and
brilliant colors of flowers. They might prophe
sy of a beautiful maiden, as Shakespeare did,
only with mqfe truth: “From her pure and un
polluted flesh shall violets spring.” And they
might point also to the not unpleasant example
of the ancient worthy who crowned a life of
eminent usefulness and philanthropy by leav
ing his body to a designated person, who suf
fered from extreme poverty, expressly to en
rich his fields. But one good laugh, such as
any poor clown might easily raise, would spoil
the effect of the most just or pleasing sugges
tion.
In other respects there is nothing about ore
mation that is not acceptable to the most ex
quisite fancy. The warm, pure flame gently
removes all that can decay. Fire cheats the
worm and defies corruption. It chases away
with its cheerful blaze all those horrible imag
inings touching the grave that haunt the best
balanced mind, and when the influence of the
Old and New shall have restored the urn-burial
of the Greeks, there will be no more sad ini
oiuuuu auu pau, anu ureauiiess
darkness and the narrow house.” The “cold
ground” and the “solitary tomb” will then be
but horrors of tlio pivot.
The advocates of cremation will probably find
the stoutest objection coming from those who
shudder at the thought of losing their identity.
But neither these unphilosphical people, nor
certainly those who believe in the resurrection
of the body, will resist longer when they are
convinced, as they may be that the identity of
this mortal frame is as completely lost in the
course of time, through the action of the ele
ments, as it can be through the action of fire. Cae
sar’s clay must by this time got far beyond that
hole-stopping stage of which there is Shaks
[learian rooord, having long ago been resolved
nto its original constituents and used again,
>erhaps a score of times, in building up other
orms of life. Can the remains of Shelley,
turned on the Mediterranean shore by Byron
md Trelawney, have lost their integrity more
lompletely? When the dead rise front their
ong sleep at the archangel’s trump, will there
te greater difficulty in restoring one than the
ttlier to his original corporeal abiding-place?
__Rupert.
manufacture*.
I hope the movement now on foot in Portl
and will result in some practical good to the
:ity, in the establishment here of some new
ndustrial enterprises; there was never a bet
:er time for it.
In Fall River there are now in course of
■rection new factories, each of them on a
arge scale, so that when completed, the num
ber of spindles in that town will be doubled;
md next year, as many more will be commenc
id. All these factories will be run by steam;
md coal costs as much laid down in that town,
is in Portland. The establishment of these
lew factories is not a matter of experiment;
hey are owned by men long engaged in the
:otton manufacture, and thoroughly acquaint
'd with all its branches, and sure of success.
aB River has no advantage whatever over
Portland for carrying on the manufacture of
otton, woolen, on macliinary of any kind.
Many persons suppose that a water power 1
las great advantage over steam for driving 1
otton or woolen mills. This might be so, if
he water-power were located at tide water, or
n any navigable stream, so that the stock,
oth raw and manufactured, could be water i
orne. But so much heat and steam are re-
uired in large factories in the various process-
s that no great saving can be made by employ-
ig water-power, if the cost of transportation
ft ll 1 O’}) Til tlin nocn fnofnnion il.!. 1. _
team, the exhaust of the engine is sufficient
wall heating purposes. The cotton manu-
icture, if undertaken here, caunot fail of
access, if it be carried on by men who under- e
band it.
There is another manufacture, which we al-
;ady have, but which can be easily intrduced
ere, on a large scale of great advantage to the
>W11, and with no danger in any event, of any s
msiderable loss; I mean the boot and shoe 1
tailless in some of its many branches. There a
no town in the country that can offer more 0
ivantages for it. We have many upper lofts
r great buildings, that can be had at low rents,
new buildings, suitable for this trade, can be
ected at no great cost, and the success of the e
ovemeut would be assured from the start, if
idertaken under proper conditions.
1 know where young men of precisely the
ght character can be had, who have energy
id abuudant experience—and of undoubted
pacity and integrity, but who have little or
i capital. A beginning, with one or two such g
en to conduct the enterprise—and a capital
ten thousand or twenty thousand dollars, 8
iuld at once give steady work to thirty or six-
hands, adding immediately, about one hun- s
2d and fifty or three hundred persons to our
pulation, and distributing three hundred to 1
hundred dollars a week in wages, a large
rt of which would go regularly into the tills c
mr shop keepers. One advantage of this
umfacture is, that if in a seasonable time, it
iuld be found not to pay, no serious loss would
low, unless bad debts were made.
V large brick building has just now been
cted in Auburn, for four shoe factories; it is
feet long and sixty feet wide and three sto
s high; and the builder himself, au old shoe
nufacturer, has put up this building, not for
own use, but to induce young men of char
er and experience to come there, to carry on
S trade, and he will help them with the s
)ded capital. He does this, only for the pur
le of increasing the business of the town- I a.
1 he is himself actively engaged in tie* same au
de.
feel very confident that with very little ef
t the manufacture of furniture could be es
lished here, on a permanent basis, begin
g on a moderate scale and increasing the
■ks as circumstances shall justify. X. D.
lexis, having been invited, will make a
rt visit to Springfield, Mass., Thursday af
mou. While there he will spend an hour in
pistol works of Smith Wesson, who are
2uting a heavy contract for the Itussian
eminent. j
Railroad Rumors and Notes.—“Avon’
jur wide awake Kenuebuuk correspondent fur
nishes tlie following:
“On the retiring of Mr. Noyes as Superin
tendent of the Maine Central Railroad which
takes effect on the 1st of January, Francis
Chase Esq., the popular and efficient Superin
tendent of the Portland, Saco and Portsmouth
railroad will, in all i>robability be called upon
to fill the vacancy. Mr. Chase is a gentleman
of large experience in what appertains to rail
roading, and a better choice could not be made.
It is rumored on good authority that Mr.
Prescott of the Eastern Road will resign short
ly, and that Geo. Batchelder, Esq., the popular
and accommodating conductor will fin the situ
ation for which he is eminently capable for the
ardent duties appertaining there. Oliver
Towle, Esq., the veteran conductor on the P.
S. P. railroad for thirty-one years, and has
made one hundred and two miles as a trip dur
ing that long time of service, he has rode one
million and thirty one thousand miles or four
thousand one hundred and twenty-four times
around the globe.
The Maine Delegation in the House of
Represenatives get places on the committees as
follows:—Mr. Lynch is on Commerce, Pacific
Railroad and chairman of Treasury expendi
tures; Mr. Frye is on Claims; Mr. Peters is on
Judiciary and chairman of Library; Mr. Hale
is on Appropriations.
STATE NEWS.
ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY.
The Lewiston Journal says O. B. Dwinal of
Mechanic Falls, lost last week a horse worth
$300, by throat distemper, Henry Nelson’s
fish market, at Mechanic Falls, was broken in
to Friday night and robbed of a small sum of
money. A young Frenchman was knocked
down in Lincoln street, Lewiston, Monday, and
badly abused for refusing to treat two men.—
The farm of the late Polly Marston, of East
Livermore, which was appraised at $2530 was
tsrxlrl of oiwifmn laol _1
the Lewiston Steam Mill Company, at $4805.—
Mr. Chas. A. Additon, of Greene, was severely
injured last Saturday by being thrown from his
carriage and striking on the neck, at the top of
the spine.
FRANKLIN COUNTY.
[From our Farmington Correspondent.]
Two youngsters in this village were seriously
injured while coasting last Thursday evening,
by running into a stage. One was picked up
for dead, but proved to be only stunned; the
other was badly cut in the forehead, requiring
the services of a surgeon.
Mr. Frank Grounder, of this village, lost a
child last Thursday night. The babe was put
in its cradle as usual, and the next morning on
taking it out, it was dead. Some think the babe
was frozen, but the general talk is that it was
suffocated.
A painter in town procured two quarts of al
cohol for the purpose of cutting shellac, and
while absent at dinner, two of the workmen
confiscated a portion, and the consequence was
—bad.
A gang of six workmen from \V. H. Pennell
Co.’s establishment In your city are engaged
in putting in working order the apparatus for
heating by steam the new school room at “The
Willows,’'’ in this place.
Eight car loads of stock left Monday for
Brighton—175 head of cattle.
1 trained all day Monday, and foggy in the
evening. Three barns blew down in Weld and
vicinity during the gale Thursday.
LINCOLN COUNTY.
Says the Wiscasset Oracle-. One of our neigh
bors recently had occasion to sell a large boiler,
and as it was sold by weight, he had it put on
the hay scales in Wiscasset; the certificate says
it weighed 1024 lbs. net. He sent it to Portland
and it was weighed by a certain firm there and
certified at 880 lbs. net. The difference being
so great, he had it weighed on the “city scales”
and it was rated at 7G0 lbs. He sold it then
fearing that if he had it weighed again it would
prove worthless!
The Oracle says shipbuilding in Damariscotta
is reviving slightly. Capt. J. H. Stetson pro
poses to build a ship of 1200 tons; Charles G.
Merry, a brig of 450 tons; Franklin Clark, a
schooner of 250 tons, and B. D. Metcalf has just
commenced building a small schooner of 125
tons.
The Oracle hears it rumored that a company
is about to be formed in Wiscasset to.engage in
the manufacture of shoes. And that parties
from Massachusetts are interested in the enter
prise. A public meeting Is to be held to con
sider the subject.
The matrimonial market in Wiscasset must
be pretty brisk, according to the Oracle, which
states that the recent “engagements” number
fourteen
OXFORD COUNTY.
The Democrat says at the only meeting in our
village (Paris), on Thanksgiving day, there
were just a baker’s dozen present, including the
Pastor, Sexton, Governor of the State, Sheriff,
the choir, the Editor, his devil, and two small
boys. Perhaps, says the Democrat, we ought to
say that the day was very cold, and that no no
tice had been given of a preaching service.
The Democrat says there was fine sleighing
throughout Oxford county last week. OnMon
me n caiuci muucutwju, it IIVI lit 111 neb 111, UUl j
it will probably hold cold enough to save the
sleighing.
WASHINGTON COUNTY.
The Calais Times states that Mr. Wm. Spear
in has been appointed Custom House officer in
that city; and that the Deputy Collector recent
ly appointed at Vanceboro* is Mr. John Stev
ens, of Bostpurt.
Calais is now favored with two mails a day—
one by the Lincoln and Princeton stage route,
the other by the E. N. A. railroad. The
Times fears the latter may be discontinued.
IN GENERAL.
Among the estimates for appropriations for
the ensuing year, are tho following for this
State: Improvement of navigation on Sulli
van’s River, $34,000; Penobscot River, $50,000;
Kenuebec River, $8000; Royal’s River, $25,000;
Portland Harbor, $45,000; Saco River, $16,000.
A postoffice has been established at Crooked
Broolc, Washington county, and Moses A. Col
burn appointed Postmaster.
JZ1L. ..'J 1 _1
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES!
If you want more pictures for your money, than you
ever received before, call at the
^Portland ^Photograph Grallery,
No 80 MIDDLE STREET.
Look at some of the prices.
8 Large Ferrotypes 50 cents,
Former price $1 00
12 Card Ferrotypes 50 cents,
Former price $1 00
12 Tin Types 50 centes,
Former price $1 00
Pictures in Frame 75 cents.
Photographs $2 00 per doz.
CF“For children under five years of age, an addi
tional price will be charged.
A. S. DAVIS A CO.
dcO SN_2w
BURNETT’S
STANDARD FLAVORING EXTRACTS!
FOB FLAVORING
»oda Syrup*, Ice Creams, Custar Pie*,
Blanc Hlauge, Jellies, Sauces,
Soups, Gravies, etc.
The superiority of these Extracts consists in their
PERFECT PURITY AND GREAT STRENGTH
There is no subject which should more engross at
ention than the purity of the preparations which
ire used in flavoring the various compounds prepared
or the human stomach.
These Extracts are warranted perfectly free from
he poisonous oils and acids which enter into the
omposition cf many of the factitious fruit flavors
iow in the market. They are not only true to their
tames, but are prepared from fruits of the best qual
^y, and so highly concentrated that a small quantity
nly need be used.
1 hey ha^e stood the test of eighteen years time and
-,-““'v wwiwtcru unrii/UHcu vy me
lost eminent connoisseurs, proprietors of the leading
otels, and prominent dealers in the United States
nd Canada. They are neatly put up in five sizes
-unpaneled bottles, holding more than paneled
izes api>earing much larger. They are the best
nd cheapest Fruit Extract the market affords
heir Standard quantity and quality will be stnctly
t aintained.
11 is necessary in some cases for persons de
ring “Burnett’s Superior Flavoring Ex
racts,” to insist upon obtaining them in order to
void many of the factitious brands offered, because
i their larger profits.
JOSEPH BURNETT CO.,
Sole Proprietors, Boston.
For sale by first-class Grocers and Druggists gen
all^‘ dc3sxeod
BONDS!
ortland Municipal,. -,g
ortland aid R. R.,.
late of Maine,. ^)i#
6’a
lackland aid R.R.,.
uropean Sc H. A. R. R., Bold,. 6’a
ortland Sc Ogdens burg R, R. Oold,
ortland Sc Rochester R. R.,. j.,B
hicago,. 7,m
ol*do’. 8’s
FOR SALE BY
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers.
loo MIDDLE STREET.
oc23sx mwf
SKATES!
Jle Agent in the United s.ates lor ,he celebrated 1
MACME CLUB SKATES 99
l°ivtailineot'Wood TopSkate®»at wholesale
ocD °'erd ,nAILEif’ 18 Ezchange street. _
BOYS LITTLE DREAM. a
Boys little dream, while they are Rnva
If they shall live till they ire men. o
How many things will mar their Joys’
How much they’ll meet to cause them pain
They little dream how cares will press
Causing them anxious days and nirliis
How hitter foes may bring distress 8
By trampling on their dearest rights
They seldom dream they’ll not buy “Cloths* t
Coat, Pants, Vest Hat and Shoes complete
As they do now at George Fexxo’s 1
Corner of Beach and Washington street t
loSTON, Nov. 30,1871. dlw 8,“ 1
SPECIAL NOTICES.
HOME SECURITIES.
BONDS
OF TBB
EUROPEAN AND
NORTH AMERICAN
RAILWAY CO.
THE E. N. A. RAILWAY is completed trow
Bangor, Maine, to bt. Jobu. New Brunswick, a
distance ot 2r2 miles,—with the except iou of 58
mil< s between Winn. Me., and ’lie boundary line ot
the State at Vanceb^ro’. On this portion the track
is iijw I eiug lad, both from Winn eastward and
trom Vanceboro’ westward and the work will be
completed aud traius running trom Bangor to 'St.
Jobu in September next.
Tins road will then bo
THE ONLY RAILWAY
CONNECTING THE UNITED KTATE8
AND THE BBITISn PROVINCES (New
Brunswick and Nova S*otia). The population ot the
maritime Provinces is about ONE MILLION,
and all the land travel, freight, mails. Ac., betwecu
them and the Uni ed Statcs.will pass over this Trunk
line.wbh-b is WITHOUT tO VIPETITION.
Although not yet completed, the business of the
road is already f*r greater than its most sanguine
tilends predicted, and is continually increasing.
The net earnings from Local Basiurmi alone,
on the 58 miles completed in Maiue,already exceed
the interest on two and one quarter millions ot dol
lars. aud will be largely increasing alter sept next
by the business io and Irom tee Proriiicas.
To complete this road, aud to equip it as tuliy as its
present large business and tne imraed ate increase
consequent upon its completion, requires —the Com
pany lias issued its Bonds to the amount of Two
Millions ot Dollars, secured by a
FIRST AND ONLY MORTGAGE
ON ITS ENTIRE IS.O4 D AND PROP
ERTY EK«»*I WINN lo VANCEBORO’
(besides a Second Mortgage on the entire road and
equipments from Bangor to Winn. 56 miles. This
ponton cost some *2 .wu,u u, ana the only lien there
on is a mortgage to the city or Bangor tor $1,000,000)
1-and, in ad 1 it ion thereto, by a FIRST AMD
om 4.W fflOKTGAUB on
800,000 ACRES OF LAND
Said lands being the same granted by the Slate ol
Maine to aid the construction ol this road. They are
situate along tbe Penobscot ami St. .John rivers,
an I are heavily timbered and valuable. Large
tract*, especially in I be fertile Aroostook Valley, (rhe
fiuest agricultural district in the St«te.) are valuab e
lor larrnin*.lands as well as tor their timber. This
immense grant ot lands equals about
14,000 Acres to each Mile
ot Railroad with whii h they are mortgaged. They
cover 1250 square miles (nearly as large as the State
o' Rhode Island, which is 1300 square miles and
are ot great value.
Thus, besides the mortgage ol the Railway, its
equipments, &c., which alone is ample security tor
the Bonds, there are timber and farm lands to the
amount of
400 ACRES TO EACH ROND.
also pledged to ensure the payment thereof.
The Bonds are lor $1000 each, due March l, 1999,
bear interest at
SIX PER CENT. PER ANNUM,
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN
GOLD COIN,
Free From II. 8. Taxation.
Coupons payable March 1 and September 1, in New
York. Bonds registered if desired, Coupons made
payable <£(J each) in London, Eug'and, it prelerred.
8INKING FUND—All proceeds ot sales of land,
as well as ol timber and other products therefrom,
are, by the Trustees, to be Invested in these Bonds if
they can be bought at oar or less; otherwise In
Cuiied States, State or Municipal Secuiities. And
on July 1, 1879, and annually thereafter until these
Bonds become due or are all paid, tbe E. N. A.
Railway Co. is bound to pay to the Trustees a sum
of money equal to one per cent, of the amount ol
Bonds outstanding. Such amounts, and all interest
received on securities, belonging to tbe Sinking
Fund are to be invested a* above stated, and these
accumulations are solely for the purpose of addition
ally providing lor the redemption of there Bonds.
The Sinking Fund constitutes a third great element
ot securiig and strength, and adds to the saiety of
these Bonds.
The Trustees are Hou. HANNIBaL HAMLIN, ot
Bamror, Me, and J. EDGAR THOMSON, Esq.,
of Pliiladelubia, Pa.
The Trustees are authorized to receive the Bonds
at Par and Accrued Interest m payment for
any ol the lands at their appraised value.
These very desirable securities tor sale at
90 and Acorued Interest in Currency.
U, S Bonds and all marketable securities receiv
ed at highest market price in exchange for these
Bond*, and can be sent by Express and these le
turned by Express, tree o' expense 10 the purchaser.
Pamphlets giving further particulars concerning
tbe connections and business, with Map*, showing
the location and lands of this road, sent free on ap
plication to
ELIAS MERRILL,
Principal Agent of the Company for the
Sale of Rond.,
RANCOR, MAINE,
OB TO
SWAN BARRETT,
Bankers and Brokers,
lOO middle Street!.Portland.
SyOn completion (in 1872)ot CO miles of •Railroad
now building, between St John, N. B, and Halifax,
N. S, there will be an unbroken line ot Railway
from Halifax to all th= chief cities of the United
£'*•*9. and as two or three days oi ocean travel can
ne avoiot-o, a^out 35 hours’ time saved, from
New York, tn gr*Tng to coming 110m Europe, by
rail to or Irom Halifax,— a v>x.^e business in pas
sengers, mails and Jreigtn will 'hereby be auued to
the traffic over the E. N. A. Railway.
Julyia-sueod tf
NOW IS YOUR TIME
TO BOY A
GUN!
In order to close out my remaining stock of Gl'Yg,
I have marked them
DOWN" BELOW THE COST 1
FOR A FEW DAYS ONLY!
J. B. LUCAS, 69 Exchange Street,
TWO DOORS FROM MIDDLE ST.
Not 30-dtf sn
BONDS!
Portland,. 6’s
Chicago,. y>»
Portland Rochester K. R.,. 7>»
Leeds F arnslngton R. R.,. 6’s
Central Railroad of I „wa, Cold.
For sale by
H. M. PAYSON,
32 Exchange St., Portland.
dc2
BOOTS AND SHOES!
-AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Men’s French Kip Beote, at $5.50, former price $6.00
Men’s Kip Boots, at 4.50, former price 5.00
Men’s Kip Boots, at 4.00, former price 4.50
Men’s Calf Boots, at 5.00, former price 5 50
Men’s Calf Boots, at 4.50, former pices 5.00
Boy’s Winter Boots, at 2.50, former price 3.00
Also a good assortment of Boy’s Youth’s and Chil
dren’s Kip and Calf Boots.
Ladies’ Foxed Button Boots, $2.75, former price $3.00
Ladies’ Cloth Button Boots, 50, former price 2.75
Ladies’ Foxed Polish Boots, L 5, former price 2.50
Ladies’ Cloth Polish Boots, 2. former price 2.25
Also a large assortment of Mis. s’ and Children’s
Boots and Shoes, at very low price i.
These goods are all of the best ork and stock, and
all warranted, at
Wifi. D. TRUE’S,
No. 353 CongKM Street.
Men’s Toilet Slippers Bottomed, and Repair
ing neatly done. no29dlw*sn
BETTER AND CHEAPER
THAN ANY OTHER
BOOTS -AJSHD SHOES:
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW WIRE!
BETTER—Because they are more Pliable, more
Comfortable, and Water-proof, and are warranted
not to Rip or Gape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
in excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade,
their Durability is far greater, they preserve their
Shape much better, and the metalic fastening insures
a more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
xne immense aemana Having called rortb imita
tions. consumers should be euro that every boot or
shoe bears the Patent Stamp.
Sold by Dealers Everywhere.
no28su7w
STERLING EXCHANGE
BILLS ON BAKING BROS, dc CO.,
UNION BANK of LONDON,
-AND THE
•Provincial Bank of London,
AND ALL ITS BRANCHES
For sale In sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN ^ONS,
je!3 sntfJ? Exchange St.
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE
The Best Sauce and Relish!
Made in any part of the World
FOR FAMILY USE.
o BE HAD OP ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS
For Sale in Portland by
8I8E A NEVINS.
SEXUAL SCIENCE,
By Prof. O. S. Fowler.
SEXUAL SCIENCE explains NATURE’S LAWS
s applicable to the sexes. No one familiar with
bwlcr’g writings, will doubt the GREAT PRACTI
AL VALUE OF THIS WORK to every adult man
woman.
ATWELL CO., 174* Middle St.,
Agents for Portland and vicinity,
nov29-2w _
For Sale.
rllE new two Ftory French r«*of house, Jmt fin
ished, aUusbman st.; hou*e piped t rStbago,
od all the modern improvements. Enqnue oi- the
remises or No 25 Emery »t. J. A. TENNEY,
sepodtt 8n
SPECIAL NOTICES.
STORAGE. ADVANCES
Storage to let in first class bonded watsbivises on
Brown’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharl, and in Port
land Sugar t’o’s buildings York Dan’orth and Com
mercial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN <Sr SONS,
lylosn 91 Exchange Street.
sTb. gowell.
Anticipating leaving tLie city now oilers his entire
stock of Foreign and Domestic Diy and Fancy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue the safes only
until he sells his b use. (See advertisement by Geo.
It. Davis tjf Co.) How s your time to make your
Fall aud Winter purchaser.
B^Come early and at oid the tush. sep7-sntf
Stock and Stand For Sale.
As I contemplate leaving the cPy will sell my
stock and place of business gre at d scouut.
I shall sell at retail cheaper than ever until 1 close
out my stock ot
Ship Timber, Plank, Spars, Knees, Deck
ing, aud Treenails.
Also 30.000 Cedar R. R. Sleeper*, extra siz*».
For particulars call on JL. TAYLOK,
sept 19-sntt 17b Commercial st.
On Marriage.
Happy Relief for Younir Mm from the ef
fects ot enors and abuses in early lue. Manhood re
s ortd. Impediments to marriage, removed. Hew
method cl*treatment. New and remarkable reme
dies. Boo s and Circulars sent free, iu sealed en
velopes. A'ldres-S HOW ARD ASSOCIATION, No 2
South Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. novlsnd3m
LEA A PERRINS’ SAUCE,
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
The Only Good. Sauce.”
It ini roves appetite and digestion, and It is unriv
aled tor its flavor.
We are directed by Messrs LEa PERRINS to
prosecute all parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN DUNCAN’* *ON*,
augl2sn6m Agents, New York.
EXCHANGE
-os—
England, Scotland and Ireland
DRAFTS ON HAND
Beady for Immediate Delivery
IN SUMS TO SUIT.
WILLIAM E. WOOD,
67 Exchange St.
Agent for Henry Clews Co., N. Y.
jun27-tf sn
Notice.
THE Cigar store that wav advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, has removed back to the oJU
stand on Exchange street, where I will still minu
ficture the choicest brands ot cigars. I will iuvlte
all my customers and trieads in general to call and
examiue my goods and get posted on the prices. 1
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and fine brands
ol Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
want* d. K. PoNCE, No. 80 Exchange St.
yl-tf __
The True Grounds of Confidence.
Whence comes that firm reliance, that absolute,
undoubting faith in the efficacy of Hostcttcr’s Stom
ach Bitters as a remedy for indigestion, bilious dis
orders, intermittent and remittent fevers which noto
riously prevails in all parts of the United States?
This confidence has been growing for twenty years,
and it is still extending. It is not the result of
credulity; it has not been engendered by any human
device, but is the spontaneous and natural conse
quence of experience. What people see daily going
on under their own eyes they cannot question. When
families in unhealthy districts, that resort to this
wholesome vegetable tonic as a preventive, escape pe
riodical fevers, and their immediate neighbors, who
neglect that precaution are prostrated by the disease*
how is it possible that the phenomenon should be
without its lesson? In *e manner when it is seen
that obstinate cases of dj oepsia, of liver complaint,
of constipation, of nervous weakness, and of general
debility, yield to the operation of the famous remedy,
how can even incredulity itself withhold its endorse
ment? Eye-witnesses of the salutary effects of the
bitters, are to be found in every civilized settlement
on this continent. The thousands upon thousands
who owe their restoration to health and strength, or
their preservation from sickness to its extraordinary
medicincal properties, are enthusiastic in its praise.
The multitudes who recommend it in a neighborly
way to their friends and acquaintances, as well as
those who make public their estimate of its virtues,
are always ready to state their reasons for the faith
hat is in them. They have all either felt or witness
d its beneficent operations.
PROCURE TICKETS
-AT
W. D. LITTLE CO S,
OLD PASSENGER TICKET AGENCY.
TRAVELERS FOR CALIFORNIA,
And the West, South and Northwest, may ob
tain through Tickets, by the best and most
reliable routes from Portland, or Boston, or New
York, to any point desired at the lowest rates at
the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency, of
W. D. LITTLE CO.,
Office 49 1-9 Exchange St,
(53P~Reliablc information cheerfully furnished at
all times. aug25sn tf
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
This superb Hair Dye is the best in the world—per
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
appointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor.
The genuine Wm. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye produc
es IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair clean; sof.t beautiful; does not
contain a particle of lead or any injurious compound.
Sold by all Druggists.
Factory, 16 BOND STREET, N. Y
jyll SN D&W 1Y
_MARRIED.
In this city, Dec. 2, by Rev. D. H. Hanaburgli, Clias
E. Jordan and Miss Lizzie G. Brown, both of Port
land.
In Eastport, Nov. 30, by Rev. C. G. Harwood, Chas.
G. Lynch, of Portland, and Miss Sara C. Stevens, of
Eastport.
At the Union House, Peak’s Island, Dec. 5, by Rev.
Jas. H. Frost, Christopher Way aud Miss Nellie T.,
daughter of Wm. T. Joues.
In Gray, Nov. 29, by Rev. E. Bean, Edw. F. Libby
and Miss E. Augusta Foster, both of Gray.
In Biddeford, Dec. 2, by Rev. S. F.‘ W.ethcrbee.
Frank Goodwin and Miss Sarah E. Ramsdell, both of
Biddeford.
DIED.
In Falmouth, Dec. 3, suddenly, Mrs. Joann G., wife
of Jeremiah Hobbs, aged 69 years 10 mouths. [Eas
tern and Western papers please copy.]
In Biddeford, Nov. 29, Mrs. Margaret C., wife of
Amasa H. Roberts, aged 28 years 11 months.
In Limerick, Nov. 13, Mr. Oliver Staples, aged 71
years 3 months.
PASSENGERS.
In the Sarmatian, from Liverpool—Sir Hugh Allan,
W Thornton, F Heber, Rev Dr Lett and wife. Miss
Knight, Mrs Pierce, Miss Smith, Capt Crosby, Mr
Barbour, John Forbes, Mr Armytage, Mr Ferguson,
Mr Reeve, Capt King, David Damom, Mr and Mrs F
Hill, W Penme, A A Allan, Miss S Morrison, Capt Lo
Strange, H Cooke, and 177 others in the steerage.
DEPARTURE OF OCEAN STEAMERS
NAME FROM FOR DATE
Algeria.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 6
Colorado.New York.. Liverpool.Dec 6
Moravian.Portland-Liverpool.Dec 9
City of Antwerp .New York.. Liverpool.Dec 9
Wisconsin.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 13
Russia.New York. .Liverpool.Dec 13
City of Merida.New York.. Hav V Cruz.Dec 14
City of Bristol.New York. Liverpool.Dee 11
Sarmatian.Portland-Liverpool.Nov 16
Miniature Almanac.December 6.
Sun rises.7.15 I Moon rises.12.25 AM
Sun sets.4.27 High water. 6.15 PM
MARINE NEWS.
PORT OF PORTLAND.
Tuesday, Dec. 3.
ARRIVED.
Steamship Sarmatian, (Br) Wylie, Liverpool 23d
ult—passengers and mdse to H A Allan.
Brig Iza, (of Portland) Thompson,. Bonaire via
Vineyard-Haven—8500 bags salt to Stevens Co.
Sell Oregon. Small. Millhridirp.
Sch Z Snow,Thorndike, Rockland via Belfhst, where
she was ashore.
CLEARED.
Sch Hannie Westbrook, Littlejohn, Boston—Chas
Sawyer.
Sch Abbie, Cleaves, is at Salisbury, and the M L
Varney, Dunham, is at Haverhill, frozen up.
MEMORANDA.
Barque Penang, (of Bath) White, from Iloili, (Pbil
lippian Islands) for Boston, went ashore at 2 o’clock,
on Monday afternoon, at Nauset, Cajn? Cod, where
she remains in an exposed position, with a list off
shore and about four feet water in her hold, but had
not bilged up to Tuesday morning. She has a cargo
of sugar for C O Whitmore Son, who are iusured
for® 120,000. No insurance on the vessel. Steamer
Chas Pearsou went to the assistance of the barque,
but can be of no use until she is discharged. Jho
crew remained aboard and wreckers are at work in
sending down her spars.
Ship St James, (of Richmond, Me) Patterson, from
Cardiff for Mobile, which got ashore on Couch Reef,
near Key West, 16th ult, has bilged and wreckers
are engaged in stripping off the rigging, spars, &c,
and saving cargo. The vessel registered 1286 tons,
was built m 1807, and was owned by J M Hagar and
others.
DOMESTIC PORI'S.
PORT GAMBLE—Ar 22d, barques Camden, Robin
son, and Powhattan, Blackstone, Honolulu. I
PORT LUDLOW—Ar 22d, brig Deacon, Reed, ftn
San Francisco.
TOCOMA—Ar 25th, barque Vldette, Merritt, from
Callao.
SAN FRANCISCO—Cld 25th, ship Imperial, Tay
lor, Lyttleton. NZ.
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 25th, brig S E Kenedy, Dun
can, Philadelphia.
Ar at SW Pass 29th, ship S A Thompson, Thomp
son, Bristol, E.
MOBILE—Ar 27tli, barque Dirigo, Blair, from New
York.
SAVANNAH—Ar 29th ult, brig Eva N Johnson,
Johuson, New York.
Ar 2d, sch Jas Young, from Gardiner.
RICHMOND—Ar 2d inst, sch Roswell, Copp, New
York.
NORFOLK—Ar 1st, sch Alice Curtis, Phillips, Bal
timore.
BALTIMORE—Cld 2d, brigs Jennie Morton, Gam-
age, Nassau NP, and sailed; Elizabeth, Ames. Sau
Francisco, and sld; sch Maggie D Marston, Marston,
Boston.
PHILADELPHIA—Cld 2d, sch Open Sea, Coombs,
Charleston. j
Ar 2d, brig Cascatelle, Simmons. Feruandina.
NEW YORK—Ar 3d, barque Horace Beals, Strout,
Malaga; brig Mary E Thayer, Tyler, Cepbalonia;
*clis Hattie E Smith, Brown, Mayaguez; Wreath.
Bunker, Virginia; E L Leonard, Foster, Rondout for
Boston; E H Nash, Knowles, Port Johuson for Port
and.
Ar 5tli, brigs Stockton, Griffin, Malaga; Silas N
Martin, Brown, Demaram; Josie, from Bordeaux;
Merriwa, Downes, Havana.
Cld 4th, ship E W Stetson, Morse, London; barque
FJ A Litchfield, Spaulding, Callao; schs Chas Moody,
VlAqtt, Maranham: Starlight, Hopkins, Kingston,J;
izezda Laura, Mclndoe. St Jago.
PROVTDE&C’E—Ar 4th, barque JennioCobb, Pack
ed, New Orleans. i
NEW BEDFORD—4* 41b, sch Alice B, Alloy, nn
Joston for Philadelphia, (to go the railway.)
YUSEYARP-BAVEN- Ar 2d, Maracaibo,
i^.o^REf*Z.!l^»h£,.rtv.f',r p°rtl«nd; Ebon Fill er,
Reynolds, Calais for New York, (lost anchor and 30
rttaVrown’ B"-tuuf"r JackB"‘
At 3d, sch Nathan Cleaves, Atwoo<l, Portland for
Norfolk.
Ar 4th, schs Clias Sawyer, McFarland, Portland for
Baltimore; Chilion, Winslow, Portland for NYork
Wm Slater, Watts, Boston for Georgetown.
BOSTON—Ar 4th, barque Danl Webster, Kendrick,
Almeira; schs Chas H Kelley, Collins, Philadelphia;
Henry. Look, Elizabeth port.
Cld 4th, sells Eagle, Seavey, Savannah; Swallow,
Carlow, Calais; Rio, Walter, M:ichias.
Ar 5th, brig Ida L Hay, Bradford, Newburg; schs
Everglade, Dow, Alexandria; Geo W Rowlev, Row
ley, Port J hnson Matanzas, Bragdon, Hoboken;
Aim, Strati on, do; J Freeman, Church, and Clara
Sawvor. Branscom, New York; Sahwa, Kelley, and
Dresden, Mitchell, New York.
Cld 5th, barque A Houghton, Pettengill, for Sierra
Leone.
SALEM—Ar 4th. sclis F N Tower. Perry, Philadel
phia; Benj Reed, Gregory, Philadelphia for Rockland
Goldeu Rule.Grover, Port Johnson; Maracaibo, Hen
ley, Elizabetnport for Portland; Geo Kilborn, Stan
ley, Rondout; Marion Jameson, Robinson, NYork;
Corvo, Pickering, do; Olive Hayward, Arey, do for
Portland.
NEWBURYPORT—Sid 2d, sch E M Sawyer, Kel
ley, Portland or Mac bias.
CALAIS—Ar 20th, brig Geo Amos, Bunker, Sa
lem, (and cld 28tli for New York.)
Ar 21st, sch Montezuma, Bulger, Portland.
FOREIGN FORTH.
Ar at Passaroeang Sept 24, barque Dirigo, Staples,
Batavia, (and aid Oct 4 for United States.)
Ar at Batavia Oct 7, ship Competitor, Matthews,for
Hong Kong.
Ar at Smyrna 4th ult, barque Rebecca Goddard,
Manson, Now York.
Malaga 13th ult, barque Abby Bacon, Mer
rill, New York.
AratHavi-e 17th, barque E A Kennedy, Hoffses,
New York.
Cld 18th, barque Annie Gray. M«>ore, Savannah.
Anita Owen, Blanchard, Newport, to
load for United States.
Oil Progreso, Mux, 25th nit, brig Clara Jenkins,
Coombs, from New York, dis^.
A t- 4 ..u __ _
_ —.w luuiit-u, uceu iuk
Porto Rioo 2 (lays, to load fruit for New York
Sid fm Havaua 2Cth, brig Wm Mason, Richardson,
Pensacola.
Cld 25th, barque Norwegian. Murrav, New Orleans.
In port 27th, barque IK Weldon, Colson, for New
dork. Mg; G W Rosevelt, Hen-imam unc; brigs C J
Adams, McFadden, for New York, ldg; Torrent Tib
betts, for Baltimore, do; A II Curtis, Merriman, for
Delaware Breakwater, do; Nellie Clifford, Littlefield
and Wenonali, unc; Mariposa, Staples, do.
At Mayaguez 16th ult, sells Old Chad, McClintock
for Charleston; E K. Dresser, Reed, for do, ldg.
Sid fm Cardenas 25th, sch Cora Etta, Sleeper, for
Sat ilia River.
Ar at St John, NB, 2d Inst, brig A D Whklden, El
lis, Portland; Bchs Laura, Foster, do; Frances Ellen,
Warren, Luboc.
[Latest by European steamers. 1
Ar at Liverpool 19th ult, Wm M Reed, Stinson, fin
New York.
Cld 18th, P J Carlton, Luce, New Orleans.
Ent for ldg 20th, Jas E Ward, Nickerson, Havana.
Cld at London 20th, John C Potter, McClure fur
Newport and Bombay.
Off Dover 17th, Helen Sands, Woodside, fm Phila
delphia for Antwerp.
At Bristol 18th, Zephyr, Sweetser, for New Orleans
ldg; Gold Hunter, Freeman, for do.
Ar at Batavia Oct 1, Clara, Nichols, Singapore; loth
Peruvian, Thompson, Samarang.
Sid fm Valencia 15th ult, Delftliaven, Freese, for
Alicante.
Ar at Palermo 7th ult, Megnnticook, Hemingway,
Licata; 11th, Rabboni, Coombs, Bangor.
Sid fm Trieste 16th ult, Eureka, Prince, Licata.
Cld at Havre 18tli ult, Guardian, Borland, for New
Orleans.
Ar at Cuxliavcn 16th ult, A McCallum, Moody, fin
Guanape; 18th, Wm Leavitt, Leavitt, Callao.
Ar at Antwerp 17th ult, J S Winslow, Davis, from
New York.
Sid 20th, Florence Treat, Short, Philadelphia.
Ski fm Memel 16th ult, Mary E Leighton, Bray, for
Marseilles.
NPOKKlf,
Oct 4, lat 1 N, Ion 23 W, ship Alice Buck, from Car
diff' for Galle.
Oct 8, lat 14 N, Ion 28 W, ship Matterhorn, from
Cardiff for Rio Janeiro.
Nov 18, off Key West, barque Jennie Cobb, from
Mobile fur Key West.
Nov 29, off Fenwick Island, brig Fidelia, from Liv
erpool for Baltimore.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS

To Edward If For, Esq., one of the Justicet of the
Peace and of the Quorum within and for the Coun
ty Of Cumberland in the Mate of Maine
WE the uudersigued citizens of Portland in said
County, members of a corporation established
at said Portland for charitable aud benevolent pur
poses on tile 27th day of November, A. D. 1871, un
der the name of Bosworth Post Number Two, De
partment of Maine, Grand Army of the Republic,
Sursuuut to a warrant issued by you to John Yeaton,
r., of said Portland on the 6th day of November, A.
D. 1871, under the provisions of the 55tli Chapter of
the Revised Statutes of said State,
Hereby request that you will issue your warrant to
some member of said corporation directing him to
c.nll fchn flrsi. mi-cHncr of hhU PGrHGratlnn
Portland, Me., Nov. 29, 1871.
JOHN'O. RICE,
J. F. LAND,
GEO. H. ABBOTT,
STATE OF MAINE, Co. of Cumberland ss
To John Yeaton, Jr., one of the members of said Cor
poration, Greeting:
I N pursuance of the foregoing request you are liere
A by directed in the name of the State of Maine to
call the first meeting of said Corporation, by giving due
notice thereof according to law, and 1 hereby desig
nate the Portland Daily Press and the Daily Eastern
Argus, newspajicrs published in said Portland, as
the newspapers in which notice of said meeting shall
be published.
Witness my hand and official seal at Portland in
said County, this 29th day of November A. D. 1871.
EDWARD W. FOX, [L. S.]
Justice of the Peace and Quorum.
Notice.
PURSUANT to the foregoing warrant I hereby
give notice that the first meeting *>f the mem
bers and associate members of the above named cor
gjration will be held in the hall in Mechanics’ Hall
uildiug on Congress, street, in said Portland here
tofore occupied by a voluntary association of the
same name as the foregoing corporation, Friday even
ing, Doc. 29tli, A. D. 1871, at 7 o’clock and thirty
minutes for the transaction of the following business,
Viz.:
To adopt a code df by-laws for said corporation.
To adopt a common seal.
To elect such officers as may be provided for by
said by-laws.
To determine whether said corporation will lease
the Hall heretofore occupied by said voluntary asso
ciation.
To determine whether said corporation will accept
certain property heretofore held by said voluntary as
sociation and Geo. H. Libby.
To determine whether Raid corporation will accept
a deed of a burial lot at Evergreen Cemetery.
And to transact such other Dusiness as may prop
erly come before said meeting.
Portland, Me., Nov. 30.1871.
JOHN YEATON, JR.,
One of the Members of said Corporation.
dec6-d2w
HAL US
VEGETABLE SICILIA*
HAIR
BENEWEB.
IT WILL POSITIVELY RESTORE GRAY
BAIR TO ITS ORIGINAL COLOR.
It keeps the hair from falling out. It is the beet
(lrcBeing in the world, making lifeless, stiff1 brushy
hair, .healthy, Boft and gloeey.
For sale by all druggists.
R. P. HALL CO. Nausliua, N. H. Proprietors.
_dc6 eod&eow d eow w w49 2m
Wanted.
A GOOD, capable Girl or Woman, to do house
work in a small family.
Apply af 31 Market st., or at Press Office.
Dec 6—(Lit*
Gas Notice!
THE Office of the Gas Light Company, will to-dav
be removed to the Rooms over the Portlaud
Savings Bank, No 95 Exchange st.
December 2,1871. new3t
INTERNATIONAL
INSURANCE CO.,
NEW YORK.
CASH CAPITAL, $500,000.
Statement of the International In
surance Co., Nov. 8,1S71.
Cash in Leatlier Manufacturers’ National
Bonk.J 162,420.51
U. S. 5-20 Bond*.(Market Val.) 22,250.00
U. S. 10-40 Bonds. 109,250.00
U. S. 6 per cent 30 year Bonds 389,812.50
U. S. 6 per cent. 1881 Bond*.. 11,525.00
State Bonds. 55,170.0#
Market National Bank Stock. 2,688.0#
Heal Estate.%.. 200,000.00
Loans on United States Bond*. 237,475.00
Loans on Bond and Mortgage. 119,400.00
Premiums in course of transmission. 119,511.3
Debts for Premiums. 27,695.1
All other Securities.*. 17,073.55
Total Assets.#1,466,720.01
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment 1 ft1_
Including all losses at Chicago j 15
Other Claims. 3,250 #608,265.00
Capital and Surplus—$858,455.00
GrEO. W. SAVAGE, President.
HAMILTON BRUCE, Vice President.
WILLIAM T. HUGHES, Secretary
State of New York Insurance Department,
Albany. November 2, 1871.
In pursuance of the request of the International
insurance Company of New York, 1 have examined
ts affairs and tlud its condition is as follows
The Company has assets securely iuveslcd and
ivailable to the amount of 91.466,7 40. Alter de
luding or providing for all liabilities, including rein
urance reserve and losses by the great fire at Chica
;o, the Capital of the Company, 9500,000, is
cholly unimpaired. These facts are, in my Judg
nent. sufficient to commend theCompany to the entire
onfldence of the jmblic. GEO. W. MILLER,
Superintendent Insurance Department.
IV. D. LITTLE CO., Ag’s.
OFFICE,
40 1-2 EXCHANGE STREET.
oov21 d&wSwia
FOR SAlGLE.
rVXE second hand Horizontal Engine and Boiler
Le with Gearing attached for hoisting. The cylin
er is 7 inch. It was made by Kawson Hittinger,
)ambri»lgei>ort, Mass. Ha* l*een used about 3 months
nd Is in tir*t rate condition for use. Can lie seen at
r. J. GERU1SH k CO’S, No 35 Commercial st, Port
ed, Me. dc4*iw
Safes! Safes! Safes!
lanufacturcs, for sale low. c D®M
_(Io2_6t_FOBAUey CO.
J. II. WEBSTEK,
INSURANCE AGENT,
tan REMOVED from H0, ON to II*. N4
^***J*^‘over A. Q* Leach’s Dry Goods Store.
Dec 2-dtf
NEW advertisements.
Stop that Crazy Man!
fob 10 DAYS SHALL SELL
6 CORD THREAD
In quantities la suit purchasers, at 3 ceuta
a apool.
1ST I C E
PU SH and VELVET
HATS!
WORTH $1 00 FOR 25 eta
Other IVIiUiiiery in Proportion.
Our Entire Stock
AT PANIC PRICES

300 DOZEN
White Lin. Handkerchiefs
Worth $4.50 Per Dozen,
FOR 35 CENTS EACH.
Or, $2.25 Per Dozen.
EVERYTHING
Going With a Rush
at
COGIA HASSAFS,
129 Middle, and
6 Temple Sts.
December 6. cl ntf
Special Steamboat Notice!
LAST TRIP OF THE BEAMON.
Inside Line to Mt. Desert and Ma
chias.
Steamer LEWISTON, Capt.
Peering, will make her Last Trip
for this season, leaving Railroad
Wharf, Portland, Friday Even
1 _ _ Ing, Dec. 8th, at 10 o’clock, for
Machiasport, touching at intermediate landings. Re
turning will leave Machiasport, Monday morning,
Dec. 11th, at 5 o’clock, touching at inter mediate land
ings.
For further particulars inquire of Ross Sturdi
vant, 179 Commercial street, or Cyrus Sturdivant,
General Agent.
Portland, Nov. 23d, 1871. no2J>tdSB
Produce for Sale.
150 Tl™ NICK, VERNONT BIT
75 Bbl* flwert Cider.
300 Nice Dnnrrrtt Onion*.
35 .Medium Pickle*.
35 Half Bbl*. Medium Pickles.
lO Bbl*. Sweet Potatoes.
Bbl*. C'raaberrie*.
Bbl*. Pare Cider Vinegar.
Bbl*. Apple*.
Bbl*. Ham*.
Bose* C'face*e.
Jarkson Potatoes, Eggs, and all kind*
Canned Goods.
ISJ"o. 9 Moulton Street.
dcOdlw CYRUS GREENE.
Store and Stock of Goods for Sale.
SITUATED in the pleasant and thriving village of
Harrison, Me. At the head of Steamboat navi
gation on Lake Wyomagonie. Store, large and con
venient, with wharf and storehouse, designed for a
large business. Full Stock, bought with cash, select
ed with care, and well adapted to the trade. Also the
house in which I live; pleasantly located with about
two acres of land.
The aliove-named property will be sold at a bargain,
terms, and otters a rare chance for business.
Will take in exchange a small form, well located tin-
(ler a t'OLxi Rta.t*' nf .-nltivnH..n nrllL
For further particulars, address,
decO-dlw J. H. 1LLSLEY, Harrison Me.
Store to Let!
NO 3 Free Street, Basement and first floor to let on
favorable terms.
Possession given January 8, 1872. Apply to
j. b. cnnflNGs,
26D Cumberland Street, or
T. F. CUMMINGS,
dc6dtf 220 Commercial St.
To Let.
APART, or the whole of the new House, Dow
Street. Inquire upon the premises.
dctid3w
For Rent.
TO family without children, House and Furniture
No 55 State Street. Ann y at the House after
10 o’clock a. M. detid is 2w
To Let for Hi:* Board
A VALUABLE and kind family Horse, suitable
for a lady to drive, would be let for his board
ids winter. Apply at No. liKi Congress st.
Dec 6 dlt
Don’t Road This.
PERSONS seeking profitable employment in sell
ing an article that commends itse lf, being light
ind cheap, will do well to call at once on
SCOFIELD NOVELTY CO.,
Iec6d3t* St. Julian Hotel.
HALE’S
RUSSIAN
^gPPCTioisrs.
W1CKES’
ELECTRIC
OIL!
i intended for use In ordinary kerosene lamps,
rherever good light and perfect security from accl
ent are required. It Is prepared carefully at the
IUDSON RIVER OIL WORKS.
And cannot be equalled forj
Parity* Brilliancy, and Economy.
'umiebed In cans, cnece, and prime bbla. by
J. II. WICKES,
I'iO *Iiiiilcn I,ane,Nsw V.rki
deli i'V