<Oe cjHomstn Spj
IN PIBLIMII Ll» EVERY MORNING,
(SUNDAY EXCEPTED.)
At |»er year, if pnid strictly In advance.
Othertt Inc, 75 Ceuta per Month.
flit Wnssaflinsctts Spi?,
ESTABLISHED JULY, 11 It».
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING
At per Annum.
J l». RtLBWIK .«c <’O., Proprietor!.
NO 114 MAIN STREET.
udlorccstcv §ailp
CITY NEWS.
All the leading magazines for November,
have been received by Jenkins 4 Whitcomb.
Mr. G. B. Critcherson, the photographer, ar
rived home last Monday, after a season spent in
Europe on business pertaining to his art.
The rehearsal for the musical conventions,
this evening, should be attended by all singers
interested in the coming festival. Mr. Zeirahn
will be present at 7 1-2 o’clock. Visitors’ and
chorus tickets will be for sale at the rehearsal.
Willie Brewer, the lad who accidentally shot
himself while handling a pistol, Wednesday
afternoon, and whose injuries were considered
fatal, still lingers; and it is thought by some
that his recovery is not impossible.
The Cherry Valley murder case was not taken
up in the municipal court, yesterday, for investi
gation, but was laid before the grand jury, a re
port of whose doings appears under the proper
head.
Frank Back, the cigar-maker who was so
badly injured by falling through the railroad
bridge on Southbridge street, Tuesday night,
still remains under treatment at the hospital
room of the police office. He has recovered bis
consciousness, but is still helpless.
Mr. John E. Owens, whose “darter Hubby
was gwine to in nrv John Ellsley—old Squire
Elislm’a son,” was at Music hall last evening,
w ith his ox team and “apple sass,” in seat ch of
a “rising young row lawyer.” Solon Shingle,
the keen old New Englander, as personated by
Owens, always attracts a good audience, and
the laughter lasi evening was as hearty as ever.
At a meeting of the Plymouth Congregational
parish, last evening, it was unanimously voted
to concur with the action of the church, on the
previous evening, when, a unanimous rail was
extended to Kev. George W. Phillips, of Co
lumbus, Ohio, to become their pastor. It was
also voted to fix his salary at SBSOO, with a par
sonage, the annual rental of which shall not
exceed SIOOO. The utmost harmony’ and good
ft cling prevailed at the meeting, and th hqpe
was confidently’ expressed, that if Mr. Phillips
accepts the call, as it is understood he will, a
new church edifice will be among the next suc
cessful moves of this organization, and thatat an
early day. The meeting adjourned to Wednes
day evening, Nov. Ist.
Am for Chicago and the!Northwest.
?'hose persons who have subscribed to the
above fund, and have not paid, will confer a
favor by calling on the treisnrer, at the ofiice of
Rice, Whiting Bullock, to-day.
Municipal Court. —Five cases of drunken
nes;, one of larceny and one of truancy, came
before Judge Williams,} yesterday. Timothy
Brophy was sent to the house of correction for
three months for drunkenness, second offence;
Thomas Scollan and Hugh Hopkins paid fines
of S 3 and costs wh for simple drunkenness;
Patrick Conlon was sent to the truant school lor
one year, and Patrick Fitzgerald and Timothy
Dasej’ fined $3 and costs each for drunkenness,
were committed to jail on non-payment of their
fines. Wm. H. Boyle, charged with larceny,
had his case continued to this morning.
The “Colleen Bawn” will be presented at
ihe theatre, this evening, with John Coßins, an
3rtsh comedian of acknowledged talent, as Myles
ua Coppalecu. Mr. Collins will be supported
by a company under the management of Mr. B.
F. Lowell, which fact is a guarantee that a good
performance may be expected. The Providence
Press says of the performance of the same piece
io that city, a few days ago: “All of the charac
ters were sustained well by Mr. Lowell's com
pany. Mr. Collins, by his fresh, easy manner,
resonant voice and agreeable delineation, pleased
all present. His Irish songs made a great hit,
and he was recalled several times after each of
them.”
St .{Paul's Fair, in drawing to a close, does
not lose interest with the Iriends of St. Pani s
church. Last evening found the hall full again
at the opening, and the treasury containing
$589 10 additional at the close as the result of
the evening’s amusement. Nearly all the
business merged into the voting excitement
On the furniture'lor the bishop, the votes stood:
Christian doctrine association 712, Sodality so
ciety 705, Father Mathew tot.d abstinence so
ciety 822, scattering 19; on the Green flag, an
cient order of Hibernians 616, Fenian Brother
hood 387; on the organ. St. Paul’s Sabbath school
ahead. The fair will close to-night, a most suc
cessful run of ten nights, with an attendance
which will undoubtedly exceed that of any pre
vious evening.
Horticultural. The following named
specimens were exhibited ai the weekly meeting
yesterday: Orange quinces, very large and per
feet; Porter apples, Duchesse, very large, ami
Passe Colmar pears, and a variety for name, nut
identified, by Newell Wood of Millbury, who
received a gratuity of $2; Urbaniste pears, and
Baldwin apples, bv Francis McCracken oi Mill
bury, who received a gratuity of one dollar;
SieulJe and Beurre Diel pears,by Gideon Harris;
Glout Morceau pears, Gj’ James Robinson; two
varieties of pears, for name, not identified, by
J. C. Lovell of West Boylston; two varieties of
pearsand two varieties of apples, for mime not
identified, by Mrs. A. Newell; apples, seedlings,
crop of 1870, and Trophy tomatoes, by F. J.
Kinney; grapes, grown by Chas. 11. Holt, Lynde
boro, N. IL, Concord, Delaware, Allen’s Hy
brid, lona, Rogers' No. 15, by Wm. Y. Holman.
Superior Court —Criminal Term. Dev
EMS, J. Thursday, Oct. 19.—The court came in
at half-past ten o'clock, when the grand jury,
Samuel Winslow of Worcester, foreman, made
their report, having investigated seventy-two
cases, and made sixty-two indictments. The
following are the arraignments, pleas, and sen
tences, thus far:
Nathan B. Angell, for breaking and entering
on the night of Aug. 29th last, the stoic of
Daniel Morse in Southbridge, pleaded not guilty.
Patrick Monahan, for breaking and entering
on the night of Oct. Ist, the stores of Thomas
C. Harris and Josiah Libby, in Milford, and lar
eenv therefrom, pleaded guilty, and was sen
tenced to the state prison for three years, and
one dav solitary.
Levi L. Newton, Milford, for assault with a
dangerous weapon, a stone jdg, on his father,
Benjamin Newton, in Milford, Sept. 4th, pleaded
guilty, and was sentenced to the nouse of cor
rection for one year.
Henry Marley, Worcester, for assault with a
knife oh Bernard McDonald, pleaded not guilty.
Alexander Frasier, for assault with a danger
ous weapon on .Margaret McDonald, in Worces
ter, Sept. 18, pleaded not guilty.
z Thomas Donahue, for larceny’ of a pocket
book, gloves, money, &c from Austin T. Be
mis Erastus T. Bickford ami Frederick N. Mil
ler, in Spencer, Sept. 18, three counts, pleaded
not guilty. Prisoner was in very ill health, ap
parently.
James Dolan, lor breaking and entering the
dwelling of Charles O. Riley, in Uxbridge, on
the night of Sept. 18, and larceny of motley and
goods lherefrom, pleaded not guilty.
Frederick Munroe of Harvard, (colored), for
adultery with one Frances McFarlane, at Leom
inster, pleaded not guilty.
Alvin M. Brown of Fitchburg, for rape,
pleaded not guilty.
John Ross of Winchendon, tor larceny ol
mon p y f roni Christopher U. Alger, Sept. 1,
pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to the house
of correction lor two years.
Charles Temple of Northbridge, lor malicious
mischief, it; placing obstructions on the Provi
dence and Worcester railroad, pleaded not
guilty. i
John Maloney, lor assault with a dangerous
weapon on Michael Lavin, in Worcester, Aug.
20, two counts, pleaded not guilty.
Benjamin F. Sampson of West Brookfield, lor
assault on officer 11. W. Bush, June 6, pleaded
not guilty.
The petit juries will be empannelled next
Monday when the trials will begin.
The grand jury were retained for an hour or
two after reporting on the above cases, to inves
tigate the murder case at Cherry Valley, and it
is understood they found an indictment for mur
der against Michael Dunvey. This case will be
tried before the supreme judicial court, at a
special session, to be ordered for the purpose.
The iollowing complimentary resolutions,
.offered to the grand jury at their last meeting
a committee, consisting ot J. IL Putnam of
&llov coster w Spn.
VOL. 26, NO. 219.
Milford, Lyman Patch of Fitchburg, and Mar
sena Amsden of Athol, were unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, wo, the grand jury, in and fur the coun
ty of Worcester, having performed and dosed the
business brought beloie us at the October term of
the superior court, do
Resolve, that the thanks of this grand jury 'are
due, and are hereby tendered, to Hon. W. W. Rice,
the district attorney, for his aide assistance and val
uable service rendered us during our sitting as
grand jurors for the county of Worcester, and that
we recognize in him an able and distinguished crim
inal lawyer.
Resolved, that the thanks of this grand jury are
also due to Samuel Winslow. Esq., our foreman,
who, by his uniform kiuduess during our meetings,
has won our friendship and esteem, and that we
recognize In him an abb* and impartial presiding
ofiicer.
Resolved, that the thanks of this grand jury are
also due, and are hereby tendered, to Newton C.
Boutelle, our clerk, fur the pleasing and satisfactory
manner in which he has discharged his duties.
The Anfual Dinner and Inspection at
the city farm occurred yesterday— especially
the dinner. The mayor and other officials from
City hall went down at half-past 10 o’clock in the
forenoon, accompanied by several carriage loads
of invited guests, including Hon. Geo. W. Rich
ardson and Judge Chapin. After a hospitable
reception at the hands of the superintendent,
and a short time devoted to getting warm (for it
was the coldest day of the season so far) in the
pleasant parlors of the institution, the company,
which of course included all the proper commit
tees and the clerk of the board, Geo. F. Gale,
Esq took a stioll through the garden, which
overflowed with ungathcred vegetables, ami ex
amined the herd of sleek cattle grazing in the lot
beyond. The barn, piggery and other features
equally indicative of thrifty farming, having
been duly inspected, the truant school and the
inmates visited, they all with one consent reas
sembled around the cider and apples ami spent
an hour or more in a manner that can only ba
comprehended bv those having a knowledge of
the social ability represented by the assemblage
of ex mayors, lawyers, doctors, aidermen, &c.
The dinner came between the hours of one and
two, ami went when the company departed—as
much ol it as could possibly be stowed away un
der alJermanic waistcoats. The enjoyment of
such a dinner as was then and there discussed,
can only be regarded as a most pleasant episode
in the lives of those present, as they hold it in
remembrance while toiling on in business,
anxious to avoid a residence in this hospitable
and cheerful abode. Speeches, of the happy,
after-dinner sort followed the roast pig, duck,
turkey, vegetables ami pastry, a vote of thanks
was unanimously tendered to Mr. and Mis. Far
well, and the party drove back to the city, from
a city almshouse such as but few communities
can boast.
First Reunion of the Officers of the
35rn Regiment U. S. Colored Troops.—l he
officers of the 85th U. S. colored troops, with
their wives, met yesterday at the Lincoln house.
At a business meeting in the morning, au or
ganization was formed under the name of “The
Officers Association of the 85th Regiment U. S.
Colored Troops,” and the following named offi
cers were elected:
Prudent, Capt. Wm. Emerson; Vice President,
apt. J. C. White; .Secretary and Treasurer, <'apt.
Woodbury C. Smith; Executive Committee, apt.
J. Spencer Drayton, Lieut. Harry Krebs, Capt Jas.
O. Ladd, Mrs. Woodbury C. Smith and Mrs. J C.
White.
Measures were also taken toward a reunion
of “Wild’s Brigade.”
Maj. Gen. Devens, under whom the regiment
served in South Carolina, was present in the
morning, ami was gladly welcomed by the offi
cers. A goodly number of the officers of the
Thirty-filth, with their wives, and several ladies
interested in the regiment, were at the reunion.
Resolutions were passed testifying to the high
regard in which the association holds the mem
ory of those who fell in battle, or have since, by
disease, passed from our midst, and tendering
their sympathies to the friends and relatives.
At two o’clock the association sat down toja
dinner prepared in Wall Williams’ best style,
and after partaking of the substantiate, speeches
were made by Major Crofts, A. Marcy, and
others, and letters read from Lt. Col. Willard,
Major Bogle, Adjutant Creighton, Col. Beecher,
Lieut. Ladd, Capt. Daniels, Lietits. Burton,
Loomis, and Chaplain Marrs, and a telegram
from Lieut. Harry Krebs, of Cleveland, Ohio.
The first reunion was verily a pleasant and suc
cessful one, and fully enjoyed by all present.
After providing for a reunion another year, the
meeting adjourned. Previous to the adjourn
ment, however, a resolution was adopted thank
ing Messrs. W all Williams, of the Lincoln
house, tor the kindness and courtesy which the
association received at their hands.
Aid lor Chicago and the Northwewf.
The following subscriptions are in addition to
those heretofore published:
Cash S Triscott 5
Geo G Bin-bank 20 W E Mills 6
Mrs Canfield 40 C H Truesdell 2
Alias Canfield 25 Sarah E Wall 5
Cash J Airs Henry Wheeler
Mrs Henry Rogers, and family 25
additional, 6 Geo Forbes 2
Win C Bios 5 S W Forbes 2
Cash I J M Keening 10
K M Reeby 2 All hens Walker 10
R S Reeby 1 Calvin Morso 2
Wm G Anderson 5 Win Ames 10
H A Lee 25 Daniel Kimball 1
Franklin Whipple 25 Biithewood .School 8
F Putnam 10 E H Maishull 5
Pomeroy Knowltun, From 1‘ Blaisdell
additiohal, 2 Co’s shop, not re-
G A Wheeler 5 ported on 18th 41
Amount previously reported $39,497 14
Subscriptions Thursday 274
Total amount subscribed $3J,771 14
Chas. B. Whiting,Treasurer.
In response to the annouucement of aid from
Worcester, the following letters have been le
ceived:
Chicago, Oct. 17th, IS7I.
Stephen Saliiiburu, Chairman, Charter B. H'liit
iiui, Treasurer— Gentlemen: Your letter to It. B.
Mason, mayor, referred by him, through 11. E. Sar
gent, to us for answer. Money will prove most ac
ceptable; next to that, those articles which Mr.
Sargent recommentb'd to A. Firth, Esq., of Boston
and Albany railroad, by telegram. Hold your funds
subject to the order of the Chicago Relief and Aid
society.
We can only say in thanks to you for your liberal
donations to the suffering of this city, that God will
reward your citizens for their generosity.
Very respectfully, Yours,
Wirt dexter,
Chairman Ex. Com. C. K. and A. S.
P. S. Enclosed please find proclamation confer
ring authority upon society.
Chas. L. Allen,
Secretary Ex. Com. C. R. and A. S.
Chicago, Oct. 17,1871.
Hon. S. Saligbury, ll "oreenfer, Mats.— Dear Sir:
Your favor of 14th inst., covering letter, &c.. to our
mayor, was received yesterday. Last evening 1 pn*-
senred it to him at the rooms of the executive com
mit tec of tlie relief and aid society—then in session
—and wax referred to the chairman, Mr. Dexter,
who will reply to your left r to Mayor Mason.
The Chicago relief and aid society is an organiza
tion of many years standing, and has been, particu
larly during'the last live years, the recognized organ
tor the collection and distribution of the general
charities of the city. It has been conducted
by a superintendent under annual salary,
a' practical business and Christian man, who
has had the city always districted ami
supplied with his staff of paid visitors, good
practical men, reducing or inci casing his force as
the season and wants required.
This organization is now strengthened, the dis
tricts subdivided, ami the visitors increased to the
extent that all actual wants can be and are being
examined into, and supplied according to the ne
cessity of the individual cases.
While the lines of railways have taken away to
their friends very many of the poor families, main
ly composed of women and children, the larger
proportion of the sufferers remain, and will, by sys
tematic distribution of supplies, clothing, &c., be
maintained during the winter, thus affording the
male members opportunity to do something to
wards Hjeir own support, and rebuilding the
city. Cheap shelter must be furnished these
people, and to a large extent, as you may well im
ugiue/in view ut the great numbers made house
less and destitute.
It is the wish of the society, so far as 1 am at present
informed, to have the many subscriptions held in
fund by the ci ies and towns, subject to its order,
letting the clothing, blankets, boots and shoes, sup
plies, &c come directly along, and go into general
store for assorting and distribution.
Our people have entire conlidence in the integrity
and ability of the society to make practical applica
tion of the charities, which munificent and wide
spread as they are, the wonder and admiration of
all civilization, are equalled only by the extent of
the calamity that has fallen upon us.
Very respectfully yours,
H. E. Sargent.
COUNTY NEWS.
The councillor convention lor this district will
be held at Fitchburg to-day.
The Worcester south conference of Congre
gational churches will hold its autumnal session
ai Millbury, with the Second church, Oct. 81.
An exchange says that the Fitchburg railroad
company will soon act on the questions of leas
ing ihe contemplated Lancaster railroad, and
of constructing a branch railroal from Concord
to connect with the Lancaster and Sterling rail*
road, in the of Stow,
Votesfoi: the County of Worcester are
being prepared by order of the republican
county committee, with the names of the candi
dates on the state ticket, councillor, senator,
sheriff, clerk of the courts, district attorney,
county commissioner, and special commission
ers, all one ballot.
Congregational Conference in Shrewm
rury.—This body reassembled on Wednesday
evening, Rev. 11. Cummings of Rutland, moder
ator, and after devotional exercises, Rev. W.
Johnson of West Boylston made an address on
the subject: “Is the prevailing method in the
churches of occupying so large a portion of the
Christian Sabbath in public exercises, condu
cive to the best welfare of the church, and to
promoting the knowledge of God in the world?’'
The speaker recommended a dispensing with
the afternoon sermon and having Sabbath
school exercises instead, the pastor to preside.
By thus dividing the labors of the day, he
thought the kingdom of God and the cause of
Christianity would be advanced. Rev. Dr.
Bigelow of Boylston, Rev. A. 11. Coolidge of
Leicester, and Rev. Henry Dutton of Northbor
ough, and others, spoke against the proposed
change. Remarks were also offered by others,
mostly against the proposition of Mr. Johnson.
The discussion was a very interesting and ani
mated one, conducted in true Christian spirit.
Thursdav forenoon’s exercises consisted prin
cipally in hearing the reports on the state of re
ligion in the various churches, and remarks
thereon. Interesting remarks were made by
Rev.Elnathan Davis of Auburn, and others sug
gested by the wants and condition of the
churches. Remarks with reference to the rela
tions of the young men’s Christ'an associations
to the churches, were made by Rev. Mr. Clark of
Clinton, Deacons Witherby anil Phillips and S.
A. Pratt of Worcester, Mr. Pike of Paxton, and
others.
The afternoon session was opened with a ser
mon by Rev. Elnathan Davis of Auburn, from
Mat. 10:34: “Think not that. I came to send
peace on earth; I came not to send peace, but
sword.” The speaker explained in eloquent
terms the true meaning of the text, that the
warfare of Christ was a spiritual one, that war
with evil, in all of its forms, waged by Christ
and his followers, with sharper weapons than
two-edged swords, would ever and should ever
continue, till the whole earth is redeemed from
sin and wrong and error. He noted several of
the more prominent instances of spiritual war
fare in leading reformers in different ages in the
world, coming down to the grand moral revolu.
tions and enterprises of our own time, instancing
many prominent actors therein.
The sessions of the conference closed with the
administration of the sacrament of the lord’s
supper by Rev. Messrs. Coolidge and Clark, as
sisted by Deacons Wood and Phillips.
Methodist Sunday School Convention.
—A convention of delegates from the Sunday
schools of the Methodist churches in the vicini
ty, and many interested persons not delegates,
was held at Hubbardston on the 18th, in the
Methodist church. The following report gives
an account of what was done in the convention,
of which Rev. J. S. Day, of Hubbardston, was
chairman, and Rev. 1). 1). Hudson, of Barre,
secretary:
After reports from a number of schools, the
first essav on “the duty of thorough preparation
on the part of Sunday school teachers,” was
read by Rev. L. P. Causey of Ashburnham. The
second essay, on “Sunday school singing,” by
Mrs. D. D. Hudson, presented valuable thoughts
ami was discussed by N. Herrick of Ashburn
ham, Rev. W. M. Hubbard of Gardner, Rev. A.
McKeown, Fred. A. Clapp and Rev. Mr. Mal
lalieu of Worcester.
The session of the afternoon began at half
past one, by the answering of questions by Rev.
D. I). Hudson, which was followed by a very in
teresting exercise in responsive J singing and
chanting by the children of the Hubbardston
school, arranged and conducted by Mrs. Day,
wife of the pastor.
The first essay of the afternoon was given by
Rev. J. M. Avann of East Templeton, on the
duty of memorizing Scripture, which the essay
ist thought could be best accomplished by pa
rental instruction, and should not be insisted on
by the teacher. The Rev. J. W. Mow rev differed
from the essayist, and thought the committal of
the Bible should be insisted on by the teacher.
Rev. L. Crowell, F. A. Clapp, Rev. A. McKewon,
and A. B. Waters of East Templeton, also spoke.
“The Sunday School in old ruts” was portrayed
by Hon. G. M. Buttrick of Worcester, Alexan
der McGregor, and Rev. W. F. Mallalieu. The
last topic of the afternoon, “The need of the
Holy Spirit in Sunday School work,” was intro
duced by Rev. D. 1). Hudson of Barre, who was
followed by Rev. Geo. F. Eaton ol Winchendon,
Albert Sanderson of Gardner, and others.
In the evening, Rev. Geo. F. Eaton, gave an
interesting address on the universality of the
obligation to engage in Sabbath school work;
and Rev. Mr. Mallalieu addressed the conven
tion, in an able manner, on the “Importance ot
Revivals.” The convention was a very interest
ing one, and was largely attended, and the mem
bers were handsomely entertained by the good
people of Hubbardston.
Brazil.
I.me Newi,
New York, Oct 19.—From late files of Bra
zilian journals are gleaned the following facts
concerning recent legislative action in Brazil on
the slavery question: One of the bills, which
met the greatest opposition, appropriated eight
million dollars to be used to free about a million
and a half of slaves. The ground of opposition
was the fact that this sum of money was too
small, one of the senators saying that, by this
bill, only ten thousand slaves per annum could
be freed. A bill was finally passed appropriat
ing a much larger sum, while pay for each
slave is put at a very low figure. By the plan
adopted emancipation will be gradual. Only
chihlicn born before the passage of the act, on
the 27th of last mouth, will be at once liberated.
It is thought the whole number of slaves in the
empire will not exceed'a million and a half. A
majority of these are in the southern part of
the country.
The sugar interest will not suffer from the
change. It is doubtful about the results in the
coffee regions, where the slaves are more numer
ous. As the emperor favors emancipation, the
passage of the bill by the legislative branch of
the government practically delivers Brazil from
the evils of slavery.
Criminal Record.
WAS IT MURDER?
New York, Oct. 19.—The wife and daughter
of Frederick Tillman, in Bloomfield, N .1., were
found dead, evidently poisoned. The husband
has been arrested.
UTAH.
Salt Lake, Oct. 19. —Aaron Johnson, bishop
of Springville, was arrested yesterday afternoon.
He was indicted a year ago as accessory to the
murder of a prisoner taken to Provo. To-day
he will have a hearing before Judge Strickland.
The whole time of the court here yesterday was
occupied in empanueling a jury for the Hawk
ins case. The challenges are not yet exhausted.
Letter.—ln the case of Wm. Hawkins, polyg
amist, charged by his first wile with adultery, a
jury was finally cmpannelled this afternoon, and
the trial began. The first witness was his wife.
She testified positively to the cohabitation of her
husband with two other women in her home.
To-morrow, a daughter, now married, will take
the stand.
$50,000 STOLEN.
New Orleans, Oct. 19.—Valley Comank's
bank box, containing about $50,000 worth of
securities, bus been stolen.
MRS. FAIR.
San Francisco, Oct. 19.—The case of Mrs.
Fair is set down for the 24th inst., in the su
preme court.
MURDER IN OHIO.
Cincinnati, Oct. 19.—Wm. Brooks was mur
dered hi the suburbs of Ironton, Ohio, Tuesday
night.
VERDICT REVERSED.
Nashville, Oct. 19.—The supreme court of
Tennessee has reversed the verdict of $2700
against Saunders Clark, newspaper publishers,
for printing a speech of Gen. Mabry, denounc
ing Baxter.
CHARGED WITH FRAUD.
Albany, Oct 19.—John C. Winue, broker, of
New York, has been jailed, in default of $2200
bail, on charge of defrauding his mother-in-law,
Mrs. Josephine P. Boucher, of $15,000.
KUKLUX.
Memphis, Oct. 19. —The United States mar
shal of north Mississippi brought four prisoners
here today, charged with kukluxing a lamily
named Houe\cut, near Burnsville, Mississippi,
last week. They were arrested on the cars, en
route for Texas. Another member of the band
is now in Corinth jail.
Hon. Mr.,Mitchell, minister of the marine of
the Dominion, states that no vessel whatever
Jias been sent after the Horton,
WOR( ES I’ER: FRIDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 20, 1871.
.LATEST NEWS.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO TH K WOH<HTtK »A I I.T
FIRE RECORD.
The Chicago Conflagration.
Scenes iu the Burnt Diotrict—Arrival of
Hore Fire Enginew The City uud Coun
ty Debt—The Storv about the Origin of
the Fire—lmportant Real Estate Trant*
action, etc.
after the fire.
Chicago, Oct. 19 —The south side of the city,
where since the tire the residents have been de
pending upon oil and candles, will soon be sup
plied with gas from the north side, which will
be run in pipes through the Laselle street tun
nel. One of the engines in the water works,
which had been destroyed, was set in motion
Tuesday night to supply the south division with
water, and to-day the west and south divisions
will be supplied with water for practical pur
poses. Every day brings encouragement that
the city will be rebuilt on the very grounds of
the present ruins. The bank depositors have
every feeling of confidence in the banks. No
difficulty whatever has been experienced iu ne
gotiating bills on New York houses, either at
sight or time at twenty-five cents per one thou
sand dollars. During the past few days the
mayor has revoked between one and two hun
dred saloon keepers’ licences, for violation of
an order lately issued by his honor, regulating
the sale of spirits, and requiring an early closing
of all saloons. All the daily papers published
before the tire have resumed publication in some
shape or other. Business in the board of trade
has been fairly resumed, and .shipments of grain
for the past few days have been very heavy.
'The number of dead bodies recovered, so far,
number one hundred ami thirteen, it is be
lieved many more will yet be found among the
ruins of hotels and other large buildings.
Six new’ steam tire engines arrived last night
from New York. No further apprehension is
felt concerning safety from fires. There have
been many false rejiorls circulated in regard to
the city and county debt. These reports stated
that tlie city debt was $20,400,000. The entire
county debt will not exceed five millions. Wm.
S. Johnson, owner of two hundred lots in Mil
waukee avenue, offers them, rent free, for three
ycais, fur the purpose of erecting cheap hou*es
for the homeless. Mrs. Leroy, of Dekoven
street, in whose barn the tire originated, pro
nounces the story false that the tire occurred
owing to carrying a kerosene lamp into the
stable. She was in bed asleep when the tire com
menced.
The Illinois house of representatives yester
day passed the supplementary warehouse and
Chicago exemption bills, both important relief
bills for Chicago. The first real estate transac
tion of any magnitude since the fire, was made
this morning. H. G. Hinsdale sold T. B Bryon
furty-two feet on Dearborn place by eighty-two
feet in Randolph street, in the burnt district,for
$50,000. Hinsdale bought the property, a year
ago, for $40,000.
Business has assumed a tangible character on
Wabash and Michigan avenues. Immense quan
tics of new goods are arriving. Money matters
are quiet. The Illinois senate to-day passed a
bill, which had previously passed the house, as
suming the lien held by the Chicago, Illinois and
Michigan canal.
Judge W. W. Farwell has sent a communica
tion to the board of trade, proposing to erect a
building at the corner of Market and Washing
ton streets, with a room ninety feet square,
which he gives to the board, rent free. The offer
was accepted.
IjOnmcn and liiNuraiKC.
IN GENERAL.
A circular and blank statement, intended to
exhibit their financial condition and total losses
bv the Chicago tire, have been addressed to the
officers of the insurance companies in Boston,
ami all through the state, by Julius L. Clark,
insurance commissioner, requesting them to till
and return to him immediately, or as soon as
losses can bo fairly stated, the schedule annexed.
An injunction lias been granted against the
Irving tire insurance company of New York,
and M. J. Uroal has been appointed receiver.
The difficulties in the way of assessments on
the stockholders of the Pacific insurance com
pany have been obviated. The company’s loss
is less than supposed, and losses will be met and
the company continue busines.
The World’s Charily.
OVER THE WATERS.
London, Oct. 19.—The subscriptions at the
Mansion house for Chicago amounted to thirty
thousand pounds up to last night. The Man
chester subscription is eight thousand pounds.
At a mei ting at Kidderminster, last night, three
hundred pounds were paid in, and further con
tributions guarrauteed.
The people of Belfast, Ireland, subscribed
$15,000 for Chicago.
Paris, Oct. 19 The amount contributed to
the relief of Chicago by Americans in Paris is
131,055 francs.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Maggie Mitchell has sent a check for SSOO for
Chicago.
•St. John, N. B has contributed ten thousand
dollars for aid to Chicago.
A large number ot packages of clothing and
bedding have been sent from Exeter, N. H., and
the neighboring towns to the relief of the Chi
cago sutferers. Arrangements are being made
for a dramatic and musical entertainment next
Thursday evening, the proceeds of which will
be devoted to the same object.
Baudmann, the actor, has given the receipts
of bis benefit at New York, Tuesday night, $2879,
to the Chicago sufferers.
Other Fires.
The Conflagrations in the Norihweiil,
ALLEGED EXAGGERATIONS.
Philadelphia, Oct. 19.—A gentleman just
returned from the northwest states that the loss
of property by the Michigan and Wisconsin fires
is really exaggerated. Many lives have been
lost, and individuals suffering need relief, but
nothing approaching a general devastation, and
nothing to retard the progress ami prosperity of
the northwest has occurred. The general rain
throughout Minnesota and Wisconsin extin
guished the fires a week ago, and in eastern
Wisconsin ami Michigan the fires have spent
their force. The total loss of property in Minn
esota is trifling in amount, as no towns have
been destroyed in that state, and but few grain
stocks and very little timber of value. The loss
of property in Wisconsin and Michigan will not
exceed a few millions in all. Charitable con
tributions for the destitute should be continued,
as winter is at hand; but the impression is er
roneous that the destruction of property in the
northwest, outside of Chicago, is sufficient to
effect in the slightest degree the prosperity of
the country at large.
ANOTHER TERRIBLE LOSS OF LIFE REPORTED
IN WISCONSIN.
Green Bay, Oct. 19.—Among the most ap
palling accounts of the late fire disasters is that
of the burning of Willtamsonville, a small
place about four hundred miles to the east, at
the head of Little Sturgeon Bay. The mill at
that place was burned Tuesday night, and near
ly all the inhabitants of the town perished in the
flames. The mill was situated in a small clear
ing in a cedar swamp, which was piled around
with four thousand cords of cut timlicr. The
bouses were all situated near each other. The
inhabitants, thus encircled in this limited clear
ing, were unable to escape from the devouring
flames. A number of surgeons went to the
scene, with several nurses, from Green Bay.
The dead were decently buried, a shingle being
placed at the head of each grave, giving the
name and age of each pci soil
ASSISTANCE.
New York, Oct. 19.—The produce exchange
has resolved to appoint a committee to raise
funds for the Michigan and Wisconsin sufferers.
The Dutch consul general has called for contri
butions for his suffering countrymen in Michi
gan.
SOME OF THE LOSSES.
Chicago, Oct. 19.—The Green Bay Advocate
states that the loss of the Peshtcgo company by
the recent tires in the lumber region is $360,000,
with insurance of upwards of SIOO,OOO. The
losses of Cyrus 11. McCormick amount to about
three-quarters of a million. He will rebuild his
reaper factory ami wares shop at once.
INTERESTING ACCOUNT—THE AWFUL STORY'
OF THE LOSS OF LIFE CONFIRMED.
Milwaukee, Oct. 19.—The Door County Ad
vocate contains a full account of the loss of life
and property by the great fires in that county
To Sunday night, the Bth inst., the tires had
been raging through the towns of Brussels,
Union, Gardner, Forestville, Clay, Banks, Nese
waupee, Sturgeon Bay and Swartopel, burning
fences and timber, but leaving the houses un
touched.
At nine o’clock Sunday night a tornado of fire
swept down from the southwest, beginning at
the Belgian settlement, in Brussels, sweeping
through the towns of Union and Gardner, the
western part of Swartopel, and down the east
shore of the bay, consuming every building.
At Williamson’s shingle mill, everything was
burnt, and the most awful destruction of hu
man life ensued. Of eighty persons, fifty
seven were burned to death. Hie survivors tell
horrible tales of the scene after the tire.
Forty-five t*oiies were fouud iu a potato patch
in the centre of a clearing. Others were found
scattered in various places, some in wells, many
disfigured in u terrible umnuer, and, in sonic
eases, beyond recognization. This great de
struction was the work of fifteen minutes and
was the same tornado that burned Peshtigo ami
1200 persons. A nmnberof losses of life are re
ported in other places. Twenty-two were burn
ed at Brussels. Scarcely a house or barn i>
standing in the line of this tire. Eftorts for re
lief art not spared. Donations from abroad arc
arriving, to make comfortable those who sur
vived.
nrioiua Conilagrulioiia.
AT WARSAW, N. Y. —1.088 $25,000.
Warsaw, Oct. 19.—The Warsaw manufac
turing company’s extensive establishment was
burned this evening. The water-works were
saved; also the outbuildings and a large part of
the lumber. Loss $25,000; small insurance.
AT BROWNSBURG, IND—LOSS $15,000.
Indianapolis, Oct. 19.—A fire at Browns
burg, Ind., destroyed five stores and three dwell
ings. Loss $15,000 to $20,000; insured for
$2,000.
AT PHILADELPHIA—LOSS $40,000.
Philadelphia, Oct. 19.—Parker’s extensive
planing mill was burned last night. Loss $40,-
000; insured.
AT SYRACUSE, N. Y.—LOSS $12,000.
Syracuse, Oct. 19. —Public school No. 7, ac
commodating nearly 1,000 pupils, was destroyed
by fire this evening. Loss $12,000; insured tor
$5,000. The fire was doubtless incendiary. A
colored girt, thirteen years of age, under arrest,
confesses that she attempted to tire the building
by a blanket saturated with petroleum.
FROM EUROPE.
France*’
HONORABLY ACQUITTED.
Paris, Oct. 19.—Victor Place, who has been
on trial at Versailles for alleged frauds iu tin*
purchase of arms for the government, while
tilling the position of French consul at New
York, has been honorably acquitted.
FEARS OF BONAPARTISTS.
The government has issued orders to the com
mandants of the military and naval posts and
stations on the coast of France, warning them
to keep a careful watch on the movements of
ail suspicious or suspected persons, and be pre
pared for prompt action to suppress any dis
turbance. The object of this order is to pre
vent the country from being disturbed or ex
cited by a Bonapartist descent, which it is feared
may be undertaken.
THE COURT MARTIAL.
The court martial forthetrial of communists
has sentenced ninety-one and acquitted nine
thousand.
threat Britain.
BANQUET.
London, Oct. 19.—A banquet was given at
the Mansion house, last night, in honor ul’M.
Leon Say. One hundred ami twenty giirsts
were present. Among the speakers wi re Lord
Lvons, bishop of Westminster, Archbishop
Manning and M. Vantray.
BANK OF ENGLAND.
The heavy outflow of specie from the bank of
England tor several weeks has ceased, and an
influx begun. It is believed that the weekly
statement to-day will show an increase of bul
lion.
Pernia.
PESTILENCE, FAMINE AND INSURRECTION.
IjONDON, Oct. 19.—Later advices from Tehe
ran show that Persia is still suffering from fam
ine and pestilence, and disorganization, which
these calamities induced. The province of Klo
rassan has been invaded and plundered by war
like tribes. Insurrections have broken out in
various quarters, which the government finds it
difficult or impossible to quell. The province of
Fars is in open rebellion, and government troops
have been driven from Shiraz, the capital of the
province, which is now held by the rebels.
From Washington.
NEW QUARTERS.
Washington, Oct. 19.—The department of
justice was to-day transferred to the new freed
men’s bureau building.
THE BOSTON BANKS.
Abstracts of reports to the controller of cur
rency, showing the condition of the forty-eight
national banks oi Boston, at the close oi' busi
ness on the 2d inst.:
RESOURCES.
Loans and discounts $85,499,320
United States bonds 32,970,209
Due from banks and bankers 14,687,184
cash items 338,9.‘59
Exchange iorclearing house 7,979,816
Bills of other banks 1,570,442
Specie 877.092
Legal tender notes 9,849.550
Three per cents 2,u95,C00
LIABILITIES.
Capital 48,600,000
Profits 12,788,314
Bank notes outstanding 25,811,862
Deposits 49’573’288
Due banks and bankers 19’944’837
Aggregate 158,423'147
PERSONAL.
Gen. Sherman will leave here to-night for
Ohio, to visit Hon. Thomas Ewing, who is in a
precarious condition of health.
local IMPROVEMENTS.
Ex-Mayor Bowen of this city has for some
time past had two competent engineers engaged
privately in measuring lie various improvements
now in progress here already contracted for by
the board of public works, and they report
that the contracts already made for paving, sew
erage, grading, canal tilling, parking, etc., will
require the expenditure of eighteen millions to
complete, il no more contracts arc made in the
next twelve months.
MUTILATED CURRENCY.
When Secretary Boutwell was at the west a
few weeks ago, bis attention was called to the
difficulty of redeeming mutilated eiirrcm v un
der the regulations of the department. Under
these regulations deductions are made for the
missing portions of the notes beyond a certain
extent of mutilation determined by a scale of
measurement established in the treasurer’s de
partment. Thus, if any portion of the note is
torn off, holders, fearful of suffering from de
duction, will keep the mutilated currency, pass
ing it from hand to band, no one being w illiug
to be the last holder, until such notes become
utterly valueless, and somebody Anally loses the
entire lace value, lliis is particularly the case
in the west.
The rules of the treasurer’s office apply ‘as
well to fractional as to all other cm rency, and
already the deductions made in the redemption
bureau on fractional currency alone amounted
to over $20,000. The secretary has taken the
matter under advisement, ami will revise the
rules for redemption, making important changes
therein. It is believed they will be so modified
as to exclude mutilated fractional currency al
together from the shaving operation, and that
the rules governing the redemption of mutilated
legal tenders will he so changed as to obviate
the hardships omplaincd of.
THE POSTAL TELEGRAPH SCHEME.
It is expected that another contest will be had
next winter over the postal telegraph proposi
tion, which the postmaster general will advocate
in his report. The subject has been discussed
in the cabinet, and Mr. Creswell is firm in his
opinion of the wisdom of the plan. It is pro
posed to establish stations at all post offices
whose receipts amount to SBOO per year.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Hon. Felix Brunot, president of the Indian
peace commission, bad a long interview to-dav
with the secretary of the interior, in which be
detailed his recent experience among the Indians
of the Pacific coast.
THE PENSION BUSINESS.
The commissioner ot pensions’annual report
will show that there are only forty-nine revolu
tionary widows.
Our New York Dispatches,
New York, Oct. 19.—J. (S. Pcnclianl, whose
name appears in tlie plastering accounts for
over $70,000, turns out to be an employe ol Gar
vey. He wants to prosecute Garvey lor forging
his name. Controller Green again demands the
pay rolls of the department of parks. He says
that over $8,000,000 have been expended illegal
ly during the seventeen months of the present
rulers of that department, ami concludes by re
minding Judge Hilton, Hie treasurer of said de
partment, that the new chat ter provides that lie
shall report to the contoller whenever the lat
ter desires. Hilton had previously denied the
right of tlie controller, or any one else, Insides
the mayor to call him to account.
The Sun says that Judge Ledwith considered
the proposes! offer of the .supreme courtship
made by Sweeney, if the former abandon the
committee of seventy, over a fortnight before
declining it.
Chas. O’Conor stated, yesterday, that in pros
ecuting the ring no cliques or politics would
have any influence with him, and that he fell
certain that the guilty parties would be driven
from power before the prosecutions terminated.
Wm. Fliess, having been drawn on the grand
jury,’has resigned as member ol Ihe committee
of seventy.
Deputy Controller Green asks for a meeting of
the board of apportionments, to piovide funds
for the support of reformatory institutions.
Tammany made nominations for state senate
to-night, including Win. M. Tweed, Michael
Norton, John J. Bradley ami Henry W. Genet.
The county convention of delegates ot the re
form democracy was held to-night;4oodelegates
were present. The following nominations were
made: Judge of the supreme court, George C.
Barrett; judge of common pleas, Charles I’.
Daly; register, Gen. Franz Sigel. During the
session, Wm. W. Curtis said Tammany intended
frauds at the elections, and the only remedy was
to suspend repeaters and fraudulent inspectors
from iamp-posts.
The yacht Dauntlesi was selected to race with
the Livonia to-day, but an accident lo her pre
vented, and the Columbia took her place. There
is a good southwest breeze.
J. Dago, a conductor, was crushed to death at
the depot last night.
The sanitary committee of the board of health
have reported against allowing any cargoes of
rags from countries where cholera prevails, to
i be landed without disinfection.
The I'nitrd States grand jury has indicted
Justice. Esmond and Kudcliric, three alleged
diamond smugglers.
The contractor for cleaning streets has pre
sented a bill to the citv tor $142,060, for work
from Sept. Ist to Oct. Ifith.
(hie thousand German real estate owners
formed an hnti-Tammnny ass<x*iation last eve
ning.
I he steamship City of Baltimore takes $27,000
in specie.
Carrie base was fatally, but accidentally,
shot, b> J llojran, last evening, in a homie on
Elizabeth street.
New England Dispatches.
The Fcstiviticw in Jlaine, etc.
MASSACHUSETTS.
[Special Dispatch to the Spy.]
Palmer. Oct. 19.—A train on the Ware River
railroad ran over a bull this’ afternoon, between
Ware and Gilbertsville. The baggage car and
and a platform car loaded with coat were thrown
off the track. A passenger, named Shea, who
was in the baggage car had his arm broken in
two places, and was otherwise injured, it is
feared fatally. A man, named McMahon, had
severe cuts on his head, and the conductor was
slightly bruisiid.
Boston, Oct. 19.—The semi-annual meeting
of the New England association of superin
tendents of public schools was held m the Ma
son hoot-house to-day. C. Morrill of Lowell,
president, occupied the chair. At the opening
of the meeting there were only twelve gentle
men present. Kev. Daniel Leach of Providence
was elected president, and W. W. Waterman of
Taunton secretary, lor [the ensuing year. Pa
pers were read on “General Reading of Schol
ars,” by A. 1). Small of Newport, and upon the
“Marking System” in public schools, by T.
Emerson ol Newton; general discussion fol
lowed also on the subject of securing the best
teachers and a better attendance of the pupils,
on the proper use of text books, and other
maltcis of interest. Mr. Philbrick ottered the
following, which was adopted:
"Resolved, that we consider the practice of mark
lug the merit of the daily recitations of pupils as
objectionable, and recommend its discontinuance.
We, however, approve and recommend marking
the merit for written examinations.”
A committee was appointed to prepare a
course of study for primary, intermediate,
grammar and ungraded schools, to report at
the next meeting.
A general meeting of the Massachusetts state
teachers’association was held at Lowell insti
tute this evening. Au address was delivered by
A. I*. Peabody, of Cambridge, on the “Study of
WOrds.” Professor Agassiz,of Cambridge, also
delivered an address.
Dr. George F. Jelly, of Salem, has been ap
pointed suDerintendedt of the McLean insane
asylum, vice Dr. Tyler, resigned.
MAINE.
Bangor, Oct. 19.—The exercises of opening
the European and North American railway, on
the part of the company, took place to-day, at
Vaneeborough. At half-past eight, two trains
of cars, containing the president and suite, the
governor general of Canada and suite, Gov. Wil
mot of New Brunswick, Gov. Perham of Maine
and suite, and oilier invited guests, to the num
ber of eight hundred, started from this city and
made the run to Vaneeborough in a little less
than five hours. All along the route the sta
tions were thronged to get a sight of the presi
dent, who gratified them by appearing upon the
platform, when he was received with hearty
cheers.
On arriving at Vaneeborough, the place was
found gaily dressed in flags of the Union and
England. An immense pavilion had been put
up, and tables laid to its entire capacity with
an elegant and sumptuous repast. As the pres
ident debarked from the train a salute was fired
and the Jameson Guards, who hadgone up fruiu
Ibis city on an early train, peformed escort duty.
A train from Sr. John arrived at the same
time,and the two people were arranged upon op
posite sides of the same tables, where a general
fraternization took place ami congratulations
and compliments were interchanged. President
Jewett, of the railroad, presided, having Presi
dent Granton his right and Lord Lisgar on his
left.
President Jewett welcomed the president, the
governor general, the suites and the assembled
guests, and presented President Grant, amid
tumultous cheers, of which it would be
difficult to say whether those from the Ameri
ms <>r the provincials were the most hearty.
President Grant spoke briefly, and sat down
amid the cheers of the assembly.
Lord Lisgar, governor of Canada, was then
introduced, and was received with loud cheers.
He trusted that the enterprise, over the com
pletion of which they were rejoicing, would en
gage the inhabitants of both countries in amica
ble intercourse. He came exptcssly to pay a
tribute of respect to the noble president— not
more to the office than to the man. He corn
plimrnted his action in regard to the treaty; he
said that the council of tlie Dominion would
submit the treaty at the next meeting of par
liament. He had good hopes that nothing to
mar the good feeling between the two countries
would ever arise.
He said Stafford Northcote averred, to an au
dience at Exeter, the other day, that a kindly
disposition towaid England existed throughout
this country to-day. Since the last shot between
the countries, two generations had passed; 1871
is not 1771, and the councils over which Glad
stone presides are popular councils, established
by the will of the people. He hoped the prece
dents established by the treaty would stand.
He was followed by Lieutenant Governor Wil
mot, (lovernor Perham, of Maine, Hon. Win.
Aniiund, president of the council of Nova Sco-
Im, Hon. Mr. Tiley, Postmaster General Cres
well and others. The festivities were continued
till a late hour.
CONNECTICUT.
Hartford, Oct. 19 The centennial celebra
tion <4 tjie organization of the first eompanv,
Governor’s Guard, was celebrated to-day. The
second company, of New Haven, organized in
1775, and delegates from other military organ
izations participated iu the exercises. There
were a parade, and a review by Gov. Jewell and
start’. During the march cannon were fired and
the church bells rung, and the streets wore
much the appearance of the annual election
parade. A part of the programme was the
plantingof a memorial tree on the para, Gov.
Jewell assisting, the tree being a seedling from
an acorn of the Charter oak. At five o’clock
there was a banquet at Allyn hall, at which
Maj. Calvin Day presided.
A historical address was made by lion. Henrv
C. Deming, and speeches in response to toasts
were made by Gov. Jewell, Senator Bucking
ham, ex-Goy. Hawley and others. The gallery
was filled with ladies during the banquet exer
cises, ihe speeches being continued till nearly
eleven o’clock.
Ecclesiastical.
The FpiNcopal C'ouveiitiou.
Baltimore, Oct. 19.—1 n the Episcopal con
vention, the committee on canons reported, in
expedient to amend Hie canon relative to mar
riage and divorce; also, inexpendent to create
the office of suffragan bishop. A minority re
port favors a new canon on the latter subject.
Both were tabled. Rev. Dr. Meade, of Connecti
cut, from the joint committee on the ritual, re
ported a canon recognizing, on the part of this
church, no other law of ritual than it has itself
accepted and provided, viz: First, the Book of
Common Prayer, with the offices ordinal ap
pended, as constitutionally amended; second,
the canons ol the church of England In use in
the American provinces before 1789, and not
subsequently superseded, altered or repealed bv
general or diocesan legislation.
Concerning ritual observance, the administra
tion of law appertains to the ordinary, whose
decision will he held as a settlement of the ques
tion, except that contradictory’ decisions shall
be subject to revision by bishops. A resolution
was also presented, providing torn joint com
mittee of three bishops, three presbytes, and
three laymen, to report at the next convention,
what portion of the canons of the Church of
England of 1608 were iu use in the American
provinces in 1789; how they have been modified
or repealed, and whether any portion requires
such action.
An amendment was offered, that the above
cannot go into operation until after said report
be acted upon by the general convention. The
whole subject was assigned to to-morrow. The
canon is understood to have been written by
Bishop Whiitiugham, and adopted by the en
tire joint committee. A message was received
from the house of bishops, that they had
adopted the New York Bible society’s edition of
the Common Prayer Book as the standard
edition, and provided for the custody of the
stereotype plate thereof; also adopted resolu
tions that the fund fur the relief of widows and
orphans of deceased clergymen, and of aged,
infirm or disabled clergymen, Ire recommended
to the generous sympathies of the whole church.
The committee on canons reported an amend
ment to canon 21, to prevent alienation of build
ings ami erounds to parties or corporate bodies
ol congregations no longer in accordance with
the doctrine, discipline or worship of the church.
1 he amendment grows from the Cheney uiatter
at Chicago. A communication was received
from the rector of Grace church, Rome, Italy,
asking legislation giving congregations worship
ping in foreign countries parochial rights and
representation in the general convention.
The Weather.
Washington, Oct. 19 —7:00 km —The low
pressure will probably move over New’ England
to-n ght, with brisk winds, and pleasant weather
will continue, Friday, very generally east of the
Rocky mountains.
A heavy gale yesterday morning occasioned
much damage to the shipping at
PRK E I ENTS.
Sporting Affairs.
THE YACHTINO INTEREST.
New York, Oct. 19.—The third race for the
America cup, today, was over the New York
yacht club course. The Columbia was selected,
and sailed by a new captain, her own captain
having a sore hand. The signal to start was
given at 1:28. The Livonia was promptly off,
but the Columbia, not being fully under weigh,
had to tack twice to get a good starting posi
tion. The Livonia by this time was a mile
ahead. In rounding the buoy ar the .Southwest
spit, the Columbia lost her jib stay sail. At
3:12, the Livonia rounded the lightship. The
Columbia was four and a half minutes behind
her. The latter lost a clew of her foresail, and
had her fore gaff topsail split, while her main
sail had to be lowered twice, in consequence of
an accident to her patent steering apparatus.
Livonia reached the home stake boat at 5:18,
and the Columbia at 5:37. The actual time of
the Livonia was three hours, fifty-three min
utes and five seconds; corrected time, lour
hours, two minutes and twenty-five seconds.
The actual time of the Columbia was four
hours, twelve minutes and thirty-eight seconds;
corrected time, four hours, seventeen minutes
and Ihirty-flve seconds. It is claimed that the
Columbia lost fifteen minutes by the accident to
her steering gear.
Political.
CALIFORNIA—REPUBLICAN.
San Francisco, Oct. 19. The republicans
have undoubtedly carried carried the state. Ihe
tay-payer>’ ami republican tickets have an aver
age majority of 1500, though Delos Lake, demo
crat, is probably elected municipal judge.
Later.— 'The whole republican and tax-payers’
ticket was elected iu San Francisco bv 1200 to
5000 minority. The state is overwhelmingly re
publican.
POLITICAL QUESTION IN THE COURTS.
A suit has been commenced by the democrats
of Tolano county, to set aside the September
election in that conn tv, on the ground that the
action of the federal officials at Valejo rendered
the free ballot impossible.
Fatal Accidents.
Exri.osio.x.
New Orleans, Oct. in.—A wanon load ol
union torpedoes exploded this morning. The
driver was instantly killed, one of iiislee> being
blown several hundred feet. Windows in the
neighl«>rhood were shattered.
Later.— The torpedo explosion killed one man
and seriously wounded another. Several were
slightly injured. The torpedoes wen* being dis
charged from the ship George Hurlburt. Iwo
hundred eases are still on board. The vessel
will probably be ordered oft'.
The North wcmi.
GOLD.
St. Paul, Oct. 19.—Gen. Lemon, from Fort
Garry, reports intense excitement in Winnipeg,
on account of the recent discovery of specimens
of dust, nuggets and quartz, which have been
brought to Winnipeg. Hundreds are rushing
to the new gold fields.
the FENI \NB.
Gen. Curley, one of the leaders of the Fenian
fiasco, arrived yesterday, and was immediately
arrested. He declared that the Fenian raid was
merely a colonization scheme.
Fnrthquukc.
AT AUGUSTA.
Augusta, Me., Oct. 19.—Quite a severe shock
of earthquake was felt here, at twenty minutes
before five, to-day, lasting ten or twelve min
utes.
AT WISCASSET.
Wiscasset, Me., Oct. 19.—A slight shock of
earthquake was felt here, at 4:45 this afternoon.
At Charleston, yesterday, there were four
deaths from yellow fever.
Hon. Sylvester Mowry, of Arizona, died in
London, England, last Tuesday.
Steamer Mendez Nunez, fiom Cadiz, has ar
rived at Havana, with Seiior Risen Romuldo
Crespo de la Guerra, second governor ol Cuba,
and family, and six hundred troops.
A mail carrier’s party was recently attacked
between Tucson and Camp Crittenden, Arizona,
by the Apaches with whom Vincent Colver had
just made peace.
PATENT OFFICE HUSINE.SR-Amen
-S- can ana Foreign Patents procured.Keiected Ap
plications re-argued; Interb rence Case* I'rosecuted
Opinions given aa to the validity and infringement of
Patents and Sults prosecuted and defended I u the U.
Courts, by
THUS. II DODGE.
(formerly Principal Examiner and Chairman oflthe
Board of Appeals. U. H. Patent office.) Counsellor at
Law. and Advocate in Patent Cases. Office, Dodgers
Block, eorner Park and Portland ats. Worcester. Mass.
■124 d,fc wtf
QLIVER S
STOVE STORE,
SSS MAIN aTSKET 01.11 NO. UIO
my2l dir
IJI H E PEoP LE 8 FRIK ND
THE
BOSTON SHOE STORE,
14 Front Street,
Where you can buy BOOTS AND SHOES of every de
scription CHEAI’ER than at any other Store in the city.
MEN’S,
BOYS*,
YOITBS’
Calf and Kip Boots, Tap Sole,
Al Very Low Prices.
ALSO,
LA I>IES’,
M ISSES*,
<1- I HILDREVS
Boots and Shoes of every Kind
and Style, at Price* that defy competition.
BOSTON SHOE STORE,
14 Front Street.
020 d't
lectures.
1871 1872
WORCESTER CO. MECHANICS ASSOCIATION
present to tlie Citizens of Worcester fortheir
patronage, the following
PKOGBAMME
GF
LECTURES AND CONCERTS.
October3l.—GlLMOßE’S BAND-C. nccrt. (Arbuckle
Leader and Soloist, with eminent Vocal
Talent.)
Novemlier 15.—Prof. W. C. RlCHAßDS—Scientific Lec
ture. Matinee Entertainment tor Schools
same uay.
November 21.—Prof. W. c. RlCHAßDS—Scientific Lec
ture. (Prof. Richards’ Lectures are copious
ly and splendidly illustrated by experiments,
requiring the u.-e of extensive, costly, and
delicate apparatus. Topics to be announced.)
DecemlMir 14.— MARY A. LIVERMORE. (Mrs. Liver
more will select her subject, at the request oi
the Committee
December M.-Hon. THOMAS FITCH, of Nevada.
‘•Salt Lake; its Saints and Sinners.”
January 11.-Rev. W. 11. H. MURRAY. “Deacons.”
Jauuary2s.-GER.M AM A BAN D-Concert. (Assisted
by famous Vocal and instrumental Soloists.)
No Date assigned.—Rev. ROBERT COLLYER. New
Old England.”
Organ Concert at 7 o’clock. Lectures at 7W.
TICKETS- tor the Course. $1 50; lor Single Concert.
50c Single Lecture. 2fc—for sale al Bookstores of L. H.
Blgetuw and Sanford A Co. dis <>s
Horses kept on hay through the
winter, at liberal terms An. ly to
CHAS. T. PRATT.
o 2 deuplm Bellevue House, rharlton. Mass
j^ADIES!—If you wish for something nice,
(ALL AT E. 1.. I’lEßt E S,
No. J Bay State Home Block, ami examine those new
style llreaa Forma-Carter’s Patent--manui'aciuied
by
44 EO. IC. JOHNAON,
oil dlw* New Britain, onn.
WAY AND S T B A
CHOICE CANADA HAY,
BRIGHT WESTERN STH AW
by the Car Load, Ton. or Single Bale.
Also. Oats, Meal, Feed, Ac., at No. 4 1 Waldo Mt.
old No. 9.
b* f W. 11. GAY A CO.
v hIN ING ROOMS, 4
MAIN STREET.
Meals at all hours, at Redvckd I'bices. Home-made
Bread, Pastry. Ar tor sale. A discount to regular
boarders. Open Sundays from Bto9S a m.. 4to r. m.
HT C. F. MARSH A CO.
010 d2w*
LOST Monday afternoon. A PLAIN
GOLD BRACELET, iuatked F. 8. B. to A. J. B
IW>4. The Under will be suitably rewanted by leaving it,
IkUaUUyp BRADLEY’S, 44 Frontal. J-P W
AIIVLKIDUSU
iw Daily Hpy—For the "Square* often lines eol!
»KBt« type. 1 time 75 _ct>.; each •'Uhseqiient insertion 50
ote.; 1 week li-Ti; 1 week# |L00; 1 month 1 year
|So—and the aarne rate proportionally for any number o
squares. Two Unea for one week $1.00; three line .25;
fourlinee $1.37; five nnes|l.M. Local notices2srente
per line for each insertion. Business notices 15 cents per
lino. Obituary notices, resolutions, Ac., 15 cents per line
Legal advertisements >1 00 per square for first Inset
Hun; each subsequent insertion .50cents,
Mpe< ial positions; in the paper, and special styles of
display, will l« charged extra rates. Cuts and double
column advertisements allowed only to a limited extent
and double rates charged for the whole space occupied.
In Wkkkly Str—First insertion fl.w per equate;
cech subsequent insertion 50 cents; 3 months >7.00; one
yeurfiTi.OO.
Notices.
gPE< lAL ATTENTION I
Ri'.
WILL BE AT THE.
BH MATE HOI NE.
ON
Thursday, Friday Saturday,
O< T. 10. g<> and 21,
where he can be consulted on all diseases o( ihe
EYE.E4R, NOSE. THROAT AND CHEST.
rF" on-ultatlon free. wlt&dHtf oL3
y Bl RE I HI
THNSTON'S
Rheumatic
onipoiiiul!
WILL CURE RHEUMAIISM.
WARRANTED NO CURE, No PAY
See testimonials in Evening Gazette.
AGHNCY WITH
EDWIV A. U UIREV
ykpolhecary,
IX BAY MTATK 110 UNE.
<ii<
A SPECIAL MEETING of the Sh.ck
i T 01 F »icliburß Railroad Coinoany will
beheld at th- station ..n au eway street.
B•>s,l'•n.ol FRIDAY. Ihe.'l.l day of November ‘next, al.
10 o dock A. M., lor the lollowinu purposes
To -ee 11 the Stoekhohl«T< will authorize the
Ibiedors to unite with the Woieeater and Nashua Rail
road omi.anv in takinc a lease of ihe contemplated
Lancaster under statutes Ix7l, chapter 130.
Sccinid. To see it the Stockludders will authorize the
U n i foiM to hente and construct a Brandi Railroad,
with one or more tracks, conned Ing al .-.nue convenient
point on the Htrhburg R ulio.i t m or ne.u the town of
oiieonl, and tin ncc running to sonic point on the Lan
caster and Sterling Branch ILniroad in the town of
Mow, under the statutes of lS7i», t'hapter'MK
THOM AS WHU TF.MORE, Jr.. Clerk.
oil d019.23A30»
AMER IC A N A N TIQ UAR 1A N
SOCIETY.
WoROMTRR, October 18, 1871.
Ihe Annual Meeting ot the American Aulli|tiarian
Society will he held al ihe Hall ol ihe Soviet V. ill Wor
cester. on the 21M. inst.. in 11 o’clock A. M.
io I Sv, li 'Aunual Reports oi the Council and Officers
will he laid before the meeting.
•’l* d3t Recording Necreiary. ud Interim.
WO RCES TE R OUN T Y
HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.
The Annual Meeting ot the Worcester Co. llortlcnltii<
ral society win be held at the Library. In llot-tieulf mul
Hall In thecity of Worcester, on WEDNESDAY the
IsOh.v r MWM u'eluck a. m. towtuson
the tollowlng articles:
y j’r To choose Officers of the Society for the ensuing
2. To transact appropriate hti-ine-s.
3. To see If any change shall be made. In the by laws
GEORGE E. FRANCIS, Sec y.
Worcester. Oct. 18,1871.
ITKUSTEEN.
The Trustees of Hie Worcester Horticultural So
ciety will convene, for the transaction of business Im
imsli i'.-lv upon the dissolution <»f Ihr \imual Merging of
Ihesoci.iy. GEORGE E. FILVNCLS Sec’y.
U <>ree ter. 0.-i, Is, H7l. dm)
jjAY STATE FiSeJNSUHANCE CO.
In accordance with a vote of the Directors at their
nn ell'ig held this day, a Special Meeting of the stock
hoidvrs ot the Kay Male hire Insurance Company will
beheld al their ofllce in Worcester, on the 251 h dm o f
October current, ai II o'clock a. m., to act iipon'tlie
matter ot increasing the cap’tai of said Company, and
upon any other business that mav legally come before
the meeting. V. c. |jo.SBY, Jr., Secretary
Worcester, Oct. 16th, IX7I.
WORCESTER COUNTY MECHANICS
ASSOCIATION.
During the remainder of the month of Oetole»r the
Irensurer will he al his ofllce in Mechanics Hall, on
Monday, liksday. Tiu ksday and Saturday Eve
nmigi um y. 1,, receive the Dues unpaid. He will re
elve payment in the day time at hi ofllce No '6 I'. .rt
t., opposite Post ofllce
Members desiring their names to appear in the pro
posed new Catalogue, wdl liear in mind that their a-se-s
---menksare “payable in the mom it of October."
“•'i dtnl wm. a MNi i H. Creus.
4 MERICAN MERCHANTS UNION
EXPRESS COMPANY.
Woucester, Ma Oct. 11th, 1871.
Hon. Edward Earle, Mayor of Worcester:
M, Dear Sir -All contributions of money, clothing
or npphe s, lor the relief of th.- suflerer- at Chicago, wilt
be transported to the Mayor of hicago by the American
Merchants I nion Express Co. free of charge.
Very truly,
'll" .1 W. B \l.D\\ lx. Ac. m
FIFTEENTH REGT RECMON’
Theie will be a Reunion of the meinbem of the Fif
teenth Ihu’t Mass. Vote., al Horticultural Hall. Worces
ter, SATI RD A Y. Oct. 21st, 1871, at ten o'clock a. m
Dinner at the Lincoln House, at twelve o’clock m
“14 dlw P. F. MURRAY. Act. Secy.
BI TCH bilks For aiding;
ries, Conservatories, and Parlor’, consisting of
Double and Single Hyacinths, Lilies, Tulips, Crocuses,
Jonquil es, <tc., of various colors; among them selec
tions specially adapted Io Cemeteries, and to growing in
pots or glasses. They are an extra lot, in prime order,
ami will be sold very Low, at BUFFINGTON'S Drug
store, corner of Main and Sudbury sis. deopat o!6
QRE EN W GOD IN STIT UT E
S Milew tVorn Boston,
ON THE ROXTON AX IP MAINE IC. IC.
This Institution is established for the reception and
treatment of patients suflermg from .'Dease »r derange
ment of the nervous system, caused by vertaxing the
brain, by 100 srdentan hahlD, or the ixm -ive or m
judicious use of alcoholic or narcotic stimulants.
The terms for board an t treatment are f rom sls to §3O
a week, varying according to Hie accommodations re
quired for the patients, Incases requiring extraordi
nary care and attention, there will be a proportionate
extra charge.
All inquiries addressed to me at Greenwood, Mass., or
at my ofllce in Boston, will be immediately answered.
Patients are expected to remain such length ot time
as may lie deemed necessary.
Payments will be required iu advance.
Boston Ofllce—Rooms No. 11 Tremont Temple. Oflie
hours—lo A. M. to 2 o’clock f. M.
ALB MU' DAY. M. D.,
Superintendent and Physician.
Gr.ennood. Ahi. U. ot*
THE sr IH( iu BLR respectfully an*
A noiinces to the public, that lie has leased the
“HALE BARN,”
at the corner of Laurel and Hanover streets, and has
remodeled and thoroughly stocked the same, for the
purposes of a
FIRST CLASS LIVERY AND BOARDING STABLE.
t fT* Single and Double Teams furnished upon call.
Liberal patronage solicited.
018 dim* WIM AKD 11l MI S.
STRAYED—From the pasture
mMbfifcslFof the subscriber, in Leicester, 3 WKsT-
STEERS Win la>t seen in the
w,.. id iiibea-hrn pari <>f Auburn. The finder
will lie liberally rewarded on giving liinmnatlon of their
whereabouts to M. A. WHEELER,
o 4 (Hw* Hh-cm.t.
FOUND-A BLACK AND TAN
DOG, with silver collar, but no name. The
ijM owner can find h.m by applying at No 34
X.Southbr|dge st. IHOMAS GRAY
ou dlf
/COPARTNERSHIP NOTICE. The firm
of Davis Knowlton,
Grocers and Dealers in Flour Grain,
s t bis day dissolved by mutual consent. The business of
the late firm will be settled I>v D. W. Knowlton, who
will continue the business al the old stand, No. Io Grove
J WALTER DAV IS,
I 11 w KNOH LTON
25 th mass\< h 1 sens voiS
lIISIOR A OF O. K.
Comprising an account, of all the engagement* Hie old
-sth participated iu during its thne mir- of to
gy her with Roster of Co. K, and I i tsot the Killed and
Wounded. Price 50cts. Sent post paid on application
‘o WM. E. MURIKH K.
dim* 47 Congress st.. Boston, Ma s.
TAB. C. A. HILL,
52 Howard St., Boston. Mass.,
gives special altetitiou to
DIMFASEM of the LEMTAL ORO AXA.
Dr. H.'s Female Periodical Compound sent by express
to suv address. au!s
yyM BROWN,
PRACTICAL
UPHOLSTERER,
Rooms Central Exrhaige, Main St.
iyl dtf
(ESTABLISHED IN 1838, I’, O< NG,
ln Fancy Goods, Toys, and I'soiul Articles
I tubrellas and Parasols Re|uured. Pinking in a num
ber of styles. Stamping tor Embroidery.
Agency of the French Dve House, of Boston. Goods
sent io the Dye House, on Fridays.
P ease o’ serve the sign of "The Variety Store No. .'.*m
Haji Streit, uearlji opposite the quinugmueud Baux.