CONGRESS.
THE W.NTER'S WORK.
A General Survey of the Important
Measures Claiming Attention.
Constitutional Amendments and
Enforcements.
Tuition, the Tariff, Internal Revenue and the
Revival of American Commerce.
TIIE INDIANS.
Land Grabs and Other Jobs,
Dig and Little.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20, 1871.
TUe avidity with which a certain cla-ui of Con
grc?smcn login the work of legislation is illustrated
by the fact that at the first session of the Forty
second Coagre.-s not fewer than 440 bills wcro Intro*
a need into the llouso, and. except In tbo few
instance* where they were takon np and passed, re
ferred to committees winch had no existence. The
Donate almost vied with the douse In tho introduc
tion of bills, -19 joi?a of different kinds finding a
place on the calendar. The whole number ot bills
introduced during this short session of three weeks
wus 7&u. Looking over the printed flies or the two
Houses ono is impressed with the wouderfnl simi
larity of American legislation. Not only are many
of the bills almost tdeuttcal la substance, If not In
phraseology?seven aro for the repeal of the Income
tax?1but the whole collection can be grouped in a
few striking divisions, wbicn might be called
THE NATFRAL DISTORT OF CONGRESS.
One would naturally suppose that among 800 bills
and joint resolutions, the diversity would be so
groat as to prevent anything like olassihcatlon, and
yet our national history includes only toree distinct
classes of legislation and tneso, with tneir natural
subdivisions, give a clear understanding of every
thing now beiore Congress. They are as follows:?
?First?Provisions affecting the organic law and
the political rtgnts 01 Individuals.
1. constitutional amendments.
2. The organize-ion of now States and Territories.
8. The removal or political disabilities.
Secuiui? Provisions touching the questions of tax
ation, tndusti r and commerce.
L The tariff,
2. Internal revenue.
bmtdTng. rcvlTaI ?r Amertcan ?WFPing and shlp
4. Ocean telegraphy.
c0me Un l<)r the
2! The1mbaus.r?r rallroad8 and other Purposes.
8. rrtvato bills.
These can only be considered nnder the subdivi
sions already indicated, the first la order being the
proposed
COS'S I'l l I'nONAL AMENDMENTS.
Some time ago the Herald announoed that tba
ladles opposed to woman's suffrage had an amend
ment for a general divorce law, which was to take
the place ot the famous sixteenth amendment of
the suffragiais. This is not Included in the consti
tutional amendments now beiore Congress, but there
Is no lack of sixteenth amendments for all that.
One of these wa3 introduced into the House by Mr.
Potter, of New York, and la as follows:?
That the Congress shall make no law impairing
the obligations of contracts, nor shall It hereafter
charter private corporations to carry on business
wjimn 1 lie states.
Another, which Is also designated as the sixteenth
amendment, is in relation to the election ana ap
pointmeut of officers, and was offer.>d in tho House
by Mr. Coburn, of Indiana, it Is as follows:?
)aw !08t tL? election of all officers
SLi 1 niied states whose duties require them to
remdo in the several states, except Judges and odl
1 '',l'n8o! th? United states, in tne people
?n *?.'TOU ul9fl' districts and localities therein
lieT lir?bv ,av/ required topertoiai their
th. pr'A-.Uia f? ?!,c 1^ir,?cltona an(1 regulations ot
United Si,.tea and the heads of
aeparimeuis, and to arrest, suspension, or removal
by the 1 resident or tho United States.
Tho third and last of these sixteenth amendments
springs from the giant Intellect of Mr. Oarrett Da
vis, or Kentucky, uud provides for a constitutional
tribunal, which is to open and count the votes of
the electors of President and Vice President of the
Otdfed grates and to take tho place ot tho Supreme
Conrt in tne decision of all questions of conflict of
Jurisdiction or Dower between the United States and
the States, or any of tnern; all questions of the con
lUtutiouality of bills passed by Congress, or of acts
01 every kind done and performed by any depart
ment or officer or other person, nnder tne authority
of the government of the United States.
This tribunal is to be composed of one member
from each of the States, but how they are to be
ohosen baa not been vouchsafed us by the wisdom
of Mr. Oarrett Davis; neither has that astute gentle
tnnn given us any idea what the Supreme court u
to do after nts tribunal has been established.
new states and territories.
we are promised three new states and two new
Territories, exclnsire of tbe Territory of St. Do
mingo?a job wlncti is not dead, but sleepeth. For
tbo most important of the new States?the state of
Utah?no bill has yet been in trod need; but It is gen.
era'ly understood mat the admission or the Territory
Into the Union as a state under the terms indicated
by Delegate Hooper throngn the Herald some time
ago, will come up early lu the session. The other
Territories secklug admission are Colorado and New
Mexico. In tbe latter case the title of the bill now
before the House declares that tho new state is to
do called the Stale of Lincoln, while In the bUi itself
U Is designated as the Stalo of New Mexico. States
of late years have been so frequently added to that
galaxy ot stars of which we hear so much that he
must Indeed be a sufficiently wise man to kuow lus
own father who can tell to a certainty tho number
of States in the Union. Almost any one who Is In
vested with the birthright of American oltlzensnlp
aao remember when they counted oniy twenty
?even, and now ibennmherls thirty-seven, with a
chance of being increased to forty before the end of
the year.
Then there are to he the new Territories of Pem
bina and Okianoma, besides nobody knows how
many similar schemes before the session shall have
dragged iu long leag i.h along to a cloee. Mr. Arm
strong, tbe delegare from Dakota, has bethought
himself of the necessity oi introducing "a bill to
establish the Territory of Pembina and provide a
temporary government therefor." Pembina is or u
to be. a coumry on tho Red Hi?er of the North to
extend iroiu Minnesota to Montana, and from tii?
loi ij-fttxtli to tbe forty-ninth degree of nortti Utti.
tube. The Pembina business seems fair enough and
the new Territorial government, it is said is desired
ft? 1 h? b"?Pl0 of that part of Dakota, while the Red
River people are equally auxioa, for it becsum
lh* t nued sSws an^ppor
"slop over" into the Bniish rosseaslons.
1 ho proposed new Territory of Oklahoma will be
ottjT* reorganization of the Indian Territory. As
the ludiau possessions between Kansas and Texas
are at present loustltuted there isTwaut of gov"
anceleUor ,ff<,:KU1l"f1rT lor lhe *"*>*10000 and guid
eehuifi. si? .u*t,v? races, and as the tribal
relation ban b^en a mojt obliterated too
eai be amdmdrl*,with0rm s0f ffovemmeiit
ran be applied with prollt to this as
u,hmJ?. Vie- 0,dor Territories. Oklahoma Is
%>nt JX .h? I ?or'10 1)8 appointed oy the I'rest
lreiiJit- rlii-inar' wa^i and K> t'? allowed a
TerfflSr* 111(1 the oU??r adjuncts of a
?reSSus'nfHi 1.,ltft-pasaea ft?*' soon see the
?I euacie of nu luillao member takmff ah aptivp n
part in tne vpeectuiiaking ?ft*,BoiL m m mv
exniblte.1 by his wmuj a"d black bretifre^ Th??
is one Utile Job in the bill: but MuiVbDecbmsTi
out that the proceeds of Ihe siicsor c?S'Mai
?re to no at the disposal of the feretory of thS m
tcrior 101 the education of the tribe to which such
lands belong It is to be hoped It wm not grow into
?,notwithstanding ibelaci that
the lutenor Department needs watcUiug.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES
Political disabilities under the fourteenth amend,
oient to the constitution is one of the principle sub
jects wb cli engages the attention of Soutuers
^statesmen." Mr. beck, Mr. Sypber. Mr. Dai ry and
Mr. Turner have each a bill before tbe House swcod
log away political disabilities altogether. Mr.
fctevenson's bill, whlrn excepts members of Con"
6re3H who withdrew to aid ihe rebellion, officers 01
10 army and navy who resigned for the same
purpose, and members of secession conventions,
paaseu the House on the 11th of April and is now be.
Hire UN Mama Thus arc other bills of a like char
meter before both brsnohes or Congress, and any
number 01 proposed atta tor the relief oi individuals
In the Southern States. In some cases the bills are
lor only a single peraou, while others contain
thousands or namea Of Ute latter cla.->s is a bid in
troduced by Mr. John T, Harris, oi Vlginta, which
coinpitses probably lo.huo returning pro ligjls.
itesides di> tr.is the Kn Kltix ami o:lier legistatK>n
for trie cn'orccmenl or the laws properly con.es un
der the same head. Senator r-cou, who is now the
radical leader on rne Ku Klnx question, ts not sure
that any additional acts or congress will be required
tins winter to enable the government to carry out
lis repressive measures, what will come Irom any
such oossible legislation remains to bo en; built
seems thaicnougn has been done in th's direction
slready to Induce Senators and- rtepreseutattves aa
well as ihn Ku Klnx to let na havo peace.
ARMY IK ISLATIUN AND PKACR AsriH ATI0N8.
Closely allied with this legislation to secure every
body his rutlits under the con-Utuuou, is the
aruiy tinkering of the Congressional soldiers. It Is
understood that General Logan Is to introduce Into
the Senate a General Hunpiy bill for the army, tho
aialn object of which shall be the consolidation of
the Quartermaster's, Subsistence and Pay Depart
ments. This is legislation In a practical direction,
even though tt should rail to be practical legislation;
but the attention of Concress will also be called to
scheme* as Utopian a* ytoiiUI w ft proposition for
the introduction into the military and nat al service
of the natmn of the vril staff instead of brooch
loadinz muskets and rined cannon. Mr. Storms, of
Pennsylvania, has one of these remarkable bills
ready tor the Committee on 'Vgyti and sieaus, its
title being "A b.ll to reduce laxation, promote
peace, and for other purposes." Singularly cuough,
ft has nut a word on the tariff or internal revenue,
and tails 10 advert to the fourteenth amendment
or anvbody's 'Tights," out goes on to direct that all
studies which directly tend to teach uie art oi war
to the cadets in the Military and Naval Academics
shah De discontinued and the academies abolished;
thai all rcruirtng for the army and navy
shall forthwith be discontinued and me military an t
naval lores 01 ine country ue disbanded; and those
Important functionaries in times past the sccretaiy
of Vi ar ana the secretary of the Navy are requested
to retire to private uie, the property in then posses
sion to be banded over to Mr. Columbus Delano and
Mb successors. This Is a beautiful scheme, compre
hensive enough to disregard the possible aggressions
of oilier nations which have not yet learned that the
art of w. r is a relic of barbarism, to say nothint of
Iudian hostilities or Ku KJux festivities, and it can
oulv L>e matched by the famous bill of Mr. Aluilltis.
of Tennessee, "to remove unconstitutional ofllce
holders and to prevent violations of the same."
TAXATION, INDUSTRY AND COUUKBCK?Till TARIFF.
There will t c a goon many schemes boforo Con
gress this winter, having In view a reduction or tax
ation and the fostering of American industry and
commerce. Tho tariff question will reemvo, of
course, the greatest attention ftom our sapient lcgls-
lators, The Finance Commutes of ine senate Is
already tinkering at U, but has not as yet sgieed 1
upon any recommendations for the consideiutiou of
congress, ad effort will be mado to pat j
?alt, coffee, coal and a few other articles of dally
use and prime ner,easily upon the free list, and Mils
arc beiore Congress lor tins purpose; but it ts uot i
likely any important modinoa'lou will no made. 1
The people are nardly ready yet to demand absolute
lroe trade, and nothing better can be expeoteu of
Senator .-hertnau and Mr. Dawes than a repetition
of tariff tinkering. General Schcuck's absence
rrora the llouse, and the waut of a positive policy
on the part ol ine administration, will give some ad
vantage to the revenue reformers, nut Secretary
finuiwell's demand for heavy taxation will probably
nullify these advantages.
INTERNAL REVBNTTR.
secretary noutweii's policy is likely to govern too
a; Sa ^Th&
^^noVi^
frtr? ?ioaoz js v
about tne reduction of taxation
rrnva a delusion, as li evident from tno re
marks of the Secretary of 1118 'lr?^UILe
Netr York eouie tlnia ago. Bat tno nq!J^
tion in both Its branchcs-that Is to sar,
hv a taniT upon importations and a direct tax
unon houie tnduary?involves ao many Interests, and
is so hedged about by conditions aud necessities
wnn'ti cuuuot safely bo overlooked, that ncuriT all
the tiine which can be saved irom political chicanery
Xts winter will be given to tuo consideration of
crude bills aud the delivery of crude speeches on
Election to American industry, revenue rerorm,
banking and currency, the revival or American ablP
mnff mid stiiobtiLiilinir, &Q(1 tbo iftousanu ftutl on?
things which lorce themselves to tlio surface under
Se ^aerai hesd of provisions toucniug taxauon,
Kfluv^?fwiW?hS?r0eat subject Is the labor quea
tlon and the wonderlnl schemes of men like ?-Pr*-UU?
claims to have reoetyed a^rdiM io the'?Congres
atfSbffliu'isluwwSiSTSiK
rencv self adjusting, according to the wants of the
Dfoole hprague's bill naturally enougU would bo
mm to enable every man to borrow money
as be needs 1C' But when tno Representative-,
bill becomes a law tnere will be a caanco of the
Kpmit'ir'a uieasuro boln< considorod.
AMBU.CAN SUirriNO AND MAKIT.MB lUKJIlBOCITY?
MB. BDOXWBIX'S HRW DKPAKTLBE.
in Mr Boutweil's recent lecture before the M?r
Pont.M horarv tlierewasaaiugle sentence which
tnrnara of tAl0 COUDlTSf. J tl? StCtCWrY ol Vll? yf*
terests 01 uie uuiii j CAl Wl0 purpose of the
i|||iP^?Srai
abroad^' he did not Indicate a uurpose to procure
a relaxation of the tantf even to this extent, nut
Added loilie agony of our shipowners and com*
mer^ia marine by remarking that "if the money
now Said toforeign slilp owuors for freights couh
bo paid to Amorican owners the effect would
ifo tar to ward turning tlio balance of trade in our
favor To make this latter proposition mean any
thing U must bo construed to Have a significance
from the mere snipbnildlng Interests ol the
country. r, Boutweil first refuses to assist b, the
ESSS&SSi <*g ?Iiaffls
ft is not ltkoly that a man of Mr. Boutweil s
acknowledged reticence was only Indulging in idle
talk Wlwt, then, can this appareut stultification
meanf it must have some very profound signiil*
cameo or at least im indicative of so-no newly con*
noiic* on the part ol the government. Bucn
as they are there are Bchem^a epouch before Con
iriass to out American comtnorce in nearly us good
position as It bcld before tho revolution In shipbuiid*
1m but he mere number of nauaceas regardless of
their uVallues, not likely Yo Bcoure a revival or
American shipping and shipbuilding. Among these
aro bills grauiinjr subsidies to Atnerlcau liucs ol
steamers to Europo. to the Mediterranean, to the
Mexican ?ulf pons, to Brazil and other places, bi'ls
reducing the duly on Iron aud other material lor
hrduuna stenmsb'ps. and bills qulie as chimerical as
^he schemes o! financiers like Butler and Hpraguo.
The scheme or what Is understood to be tho scheme
ol ftecn?tury Boutweil sua yie admuils'.ra'lou is
?nat?etout in the Hkualu a lew days ago, It being
iiothtnLE lens than tftie partial repeal of the American
doctrine ol maritime reciprocity and the giving to
American vessels trading bo.wee a our owu aud
fiimiuri no; ts suporlor ad v.ullages over the vessels
ifl o^liiS rj. Tula doctrine, It is likely,
wlllbe Si both m the report of the Secretary of
the TtH'asury and tho President's message, aud us
discussUM will be tho subject of rnuoE lu.orost
during the session. _
OCEAN TKttQRlPUT.
The binding link i-ctweeu all these gre? qnesUons
oi taxation, mlustry and commerce, as well as
their adjunct, a sooud currency, ibocean *-?t?igraplay.
Without tho te.egraph all fluaucial schemes would
come to naught. Without ocean cables there tan be
?fj'riciofu
a"J jRsrssfcw
nwrce and fbo nations of tno k*** in?
S commercial alhes of the American ^opie there
rio even now tbreo bills bei??re Congress asking
lor subsidies lor submailue cables, wTapan, khioa,
tho sandwich islands aud Australia. These and tho
anbsm?os waed for by the proposed American
stestnihlP companies, as well as too additional laud
grants demanded by lnfanclc aud impecunious rati?
KX aro likely tb revive tne auestlon o glv ng
iway money or laud lor tUe poriioeo of promoting
the means of lauu and water cominua tAUon. The
miputwin uas two sides, and both will be pretty
thoroughly ventilated this winter, aa is svldent irorn
what bas jus. been indicated of the demands of ca
b.e and steamship companies aud a glance at
Till RAILROAD LAND UBABS
which are already beiorc Cougress.
On the adjournment of the Porty-Brit Congress
there were more than fifty railroad and olherlaud
grant bills on too speaker's table aud souie thirty
on tho Senate calendar whicU lbusrecelTed their
death blow. It was estimated that these bills, with
those referred to committees and never reported
K asked for not less tnsn one hundred snd
eighty million acres of the public isnds. in the
House a growing hostility to the subsidy
was organized. The increased grant to the Nortn
ci-n Pacific and the unity million acres bestowed on
the Southern route were given on the general un
derstanding that they should close up me system.
The first session of the Pr??^ Stiux^aUation
Itself to the consideration oT Ka Klux leatHlakton.
Vrnm thA ith ol March to t-fao l7tll Of Apill, IIow
rier tmwe were introduced into tno House a large
nuu'ber of railroad and other land grant schemes,
Kne?s that Uie land grant lotby have organ
laid Wan on wWch they hope to carry some of
these C which is a great modification of the
wholesale subsidizing hitherto inj?guo. It
(lAratood this Plan proposes that the proceeas
of i ceriin number of acres shaU be given
to any projected railroad that may be before
Congress for aid, bat, lustesd of giving the cor
poration lsnds lirect, settlers are to be adowed
to uo on as under tho pre-emption law. As.eacn
twenty miles of subsidized road is comip.eUhl and
accepted the L'utiod Slates Land Office lor tflai aw
tiict is to give public notlflcfttlon twroof to j.
Who arethen to hove twelve months' Umetopa/for
their land the price being that charged for govern
meut secuons-$2 60 per acre. This process is to
be repeated until the road Is completed, and the
company is to be allowed to raise on mortgsgo
up"u such grant- This is snbstan.uiiy me p an
o 'cied as an umeadiuent to the Northern 1 aciDc
additional grant by Kepreaentauve Sidney Clarke,
0fThere*are now before the House nineteen bills
saking for new land grants for railroads, four for
purposes, four wviviag or uauafemng old
land grant*, ihroc btlis asking toe rHrht or war and
Cve with no grains, having only certila corporate
righr* an 1 privileges. The new grants are lor 'be
Hastings and Dakota Railroad company, twenty
alternate sections on either side per miles;
tne Kansas City ami M< rnplus Katlroud, to run from
the Hist named point thromrn Missouri ami Arson
nut, and asking ten alternate sections per mile, i ns
Si lina (Ala.) ami Ouir Kail road witlt a branch to Mo
tile, asks six nocuous, lite Savannah and Mem
phis rosd wants tue ptiviicge 01 put chasms all un
occupied puidic lands within fifteen miles of either
sum of the road, bet wen Ope I Ik* and Taecamhu,
Ala., at >1 per nere, It it has ween in market ten
years, at seventy-Ave cents If lilteeu years, at dlty
If twenty years, at twenty-five if twenty-live years
and at twelve cents if it has beau in the market
thirty vcars or more. The Great Nemaha Valley.
Lincoln CHy and Lo.-ipc Fork Railroad (Nebraska)
wants twenty sections per mile ou eitner side. The
Milwaukee and latko nuportor road, via Green bay,
wauls ten sections One proiected Irotu Peshtcgo to
Bt. crulx River tthrungh the burned disti eti wants
the same. A road from the Missouri River, via
Yankton, through Dakota northwest, wants
tweuty alternate sections on el'tier side.
The Cheyenne, Iron Mountain mot Helena
Railroad, from Wyoming to Montana, wants
the same, while the Church Butics Mu
tton aud Unlta Mountains road, In Wyoming,
asks but five alternate auctions per mile ou either
aido. The Kansas Paclflc Railway wants to httild a
branch from Ellsworth, Kansas, to cue southern
boundary of New Mexico, about Ave hundred miles,
and asks twenty altcrnato sections 011 either side
8er mile. Three short narrow gauge roaas in
olorado ask right of way. Tho Oregon branch
Pacinc road wants ten alternate sections on eiincr
sldo iter mile lor a road from the Humboldt Valley,
Nevada, to Rogues' River Valley, Oregon. Twenty
sections counted in the same way are asked lor a
toad irorn (Salt Lake to Portland. Tue Green bay
and Pepin (Wis.) road Wunts il"ecn sostious per
mile in the usual way. Florida wants tweuty such
sections on o ther side lor a road trora si. Mary's
River to Turtle Ray. and Dakota want* oniy ten
similar sections for a road from the Big hloux
litoutb to i be north boundary ol the Territory. A
urmcotea road and telegraph enterprise, the luget
Sound and Idaho Company, are too modest to
name the acreage they need. The New Orleans
and Northeastern Railroad to Meridian, Miss.,
with two branches, ask ten alternate sec'toiis ou
either side per mile, besides the e tlicro are oil's
reviving sraau grants in Alabama (Tennessee and
Coosa Railroad); lu Louisiana (North Louisiana ?ud
Texas< running to Vlcksburg, and one also for a
pm.ected road irom Brandon, Mis*., to the Gulf.
Tiie grunts proposed for canals are lor the Sacra
mento Immigration anil Navigation com: any,
which asks lor twenty sections .11 the usual way;
tue Pecos and Placer Canal Company (New Mexlcoi,
asking lor Ova sections; the Atlantic aud Great
western Canal (Georgia), whicn want* tntercstguar
amce l on bonus to tno amount of $s<i,0J(> per nine;
tne Sturgeon Bay and Greeu Bay (Wisconsin) Harbor
and snip Canal asking lor 20o,t>i 0 acres; and the
Colorado Canal Company, asking lor teu sections
per mile in the usual way. Besides these subsidies,
the proprietors of a road from Charlotte, N. C., to
Atlanta, Ua., ask to nave bonds 01 the Lulled
States issued to them at the rate or $S,0iM)
per mile, bearing six per ceut Interest,
to bo paid by the company on maturity.
Tho schemes not asking lor subsidies are
ihieo ruuulng through the Indian Territory, aud the
Cincinnati Southern Air line, about winch such a
row nas been nad iu Kentucky. Tue first three ex
pect to obtain grants ltom the Indians. Two other
bills ask for authority to construct tuuue.s for mails
and pas9engets under the East River, between
Brookl.t u and New York, and under the Uuio and
Mississippi Rivers, probably at Liuciuuuti and St.
Louis. It Is roughly ostimaieu thai tue laud asked
for by tlio twenty-three land graut btlls-before the
House will amount to between lorty aud hitj mil
Hone or acres.
THK INDIANS AND THE INDIAN QUESTION.
Unfortunately lor the praiseworthy designs of Mr.
ce lu aufo of his name?to
Storms?a man of pea
abolish the Miuiai y Academy and disband the army,
the Indians are still troublesome, both to the poop 6
Of the fTains aud to Congress. General Crook still
finds It necessary to tight the Apaches ta
Arizona, even while Mr. Yluccut col Iyer is
gathering tue savages on rescrvatious and
assuring them that their Great Fntuer will
care lor them. During the session there
will be a great deal of sparring over the In
dians aud the ludlau question, Mr. McCormtok, or
Arisona, lead lug oif aga nst the peace podcy. Al
ready there are a number of bills before congress
of various kinds, among them one to provide for
the sale ol certain lands lu Kansas known as the
Cherokee strip, one lor the sate of the Black Bob
Indian lauds iu the same State and oue for the re
moval of the Kansas tribe of Indians to tue Indian
Territory aud the disposal of their lands to actual
settlers only. The whole subject Is oue of the great
est importance, Involving, as it does, the opening of
fresh homesteads In the West, tho sale 01 tue In
dian lunus on terms equitable botu to the natives
and the nation, tne success of the peace policy of
the administration and tho gathering together of
tho red men lu (he reservations as tue first step
toward the obliteration of the tribal autaority.
I'outliccing interests wilt makoll interesting, us well
as important, and iu ihe discussion which is likely
to ensue the management of the interior Depart
ment will not go unrcproved. War will be made
on this department from anoher quarter la te
gat d to
THE TENSION ACRE ATT.
No pension defalcation have been ma le pnblie
within a day or two, but whtspeilugs that cannot
long be neni back are beard about the Pension Bu
i reau aud tue Auditor's office, in the Tre.isurv,
i where the accounts of pension agents are going
I through a general investigation. Ttic whole busi
ness of granting and paying Invalid and outer war
peusious had grown mo uusmus t actory that if tns
I atienilou of Congress can be obtained tor a suffi
cient time ihis coining busy session radical changes
lu the existing legislation will be put t.trough oy
the committees. Senator Edmunds, 01 Vermont,
whose ambition lor a higher place than the cliair
niaustup of tue .Senate l'VM'M committee has to
I go over to another Congress in c-Tu^equcucji of
I party exigencies, Is not or a tcm.icr to rust id ulfe
I ncss in hie present position, and ho will un?
doubtedly lind verge and scope enough to
keep his activity alive against the day of desired
promotion. There are many reasons for believing
I that any amendments to the existing laws will reach
pjrettv close to the bottom of the present system and
build it up anew. Tno whole bus.ne>s may even be
I given back 10 the War l>cpartuicut, where tt was
j always well managed till takeu away to aid iu
I founding that inner temple of Jobbery known as the
Department of the Interior. Among numerous rea
I sons why this return to lotuner principles ought to
be made is the one that tue conuectuu between mil
tlary service, military custom and regulation and
military records, and tr.o subject oi considering pen
sion claims and granting pension allowances, Is so
intimate and cuustant that any separation of them
I is loco.ivcnient and unnatural. Every claim re
quires such thorough examination in the War De
partment. for a proper determination of the rights
I of the claimant and tue liability of the government
under its pension laws, tuat the now in
dependent work or me Pension office,
done by a commissioner, chief clerk, several chiefs
i of division and numerous subordinate clerks, could
ne performed iu the Mar Department m a much
j speedier and simpler manner and gt a tithe of the
presout cost to the Treasury and to claimants. It
i could be done iu tiio Adjutant Ueneral's office owthe
.Surgeon General's office, in which the whole record
or service on waich arntv pensions are granted Is
on file, and neither of those Wane ties or tho military
department would presume to demand, or could
destre to receive, anything further than a few
additional clerks and a utile more room if required
I to undertake the enure pension business. Tne ex
lslltig division of the territory of the country into
i military departments affords admirable facilities tor
tho mcdic.tl examination of invalid pensioners
ana the payment of their stipends. The nrtny
necessarily has surgcous and paymasters all
over the country, all with leisure enough
In those portions where the greater number of pen
sioners dwell to uudcrlake the examinations and
1 payments without expense and trouble to the pen
sitiners. Next to tno stealing or tne pensioners 1
money by the politicians appointed to disburse it
the crying evils are the expense and delay in get
ting a claim allowed and tho soup-houso style of
making the stated payments nt the turgor fluencies.
Department usage and etiquette reduce nil inter
course between independent government bureaus
to iomul written communications and under such
a system, wlileh Is, perhaps, unavoidable, much of
j the people's time end money are unnecessarily
I spent. The investigation of a claim based on mill
i tary service, rendered under a necessarily complex
military system, by an official ignorant ol that srs
tem and separated from its traditions and srculves
Is not only a needless complication, but inch a Con
tradiction oi sound business sense as m be its own
condemnation. It Is difficult to btitevc that a
widow's claim was''hung up" two years in the
Tension Office because one of Its autocrats decided
without luquiry that West Point, where Uer
busDand died from causes incident to
the service, was not a military post.
But an army officer found It so suspended and
only got it tlirougu at last by convlne.ng
the otvil authorities that West Point was one of the
chief military stations and garrisons in the country.
Wbeu it Is considered that more than $.10,000,000 a
year is being paid to nearly two hundred thousand
persons, wnnout including the late additions of the
War of IMS, on 1 that the existing state of tilings
Ls decidedly uusntnuactory, tlio subject becomes one
which cannot much longer be neglected.
These are the general features of 'he legislation of
the coming winter, there bong besides many public
ami private measures before Congress and to come
before Congresa which cannot be alluded to iu
A OK N KRAI, M K\ EY
of the winter's work. The jobs will prove to he
without number, and, as a rule, tlicy will not show
In their titles, as docs at lead ono now on the
Speaker's table that they are for the benefit" of
somebody or some corporat on. Hut it Is donbt.ru!
If an earnest attempt at legislating for tno beneut of
the country will bo mario at all. Congressmen are
generally better politicians than lawmakers; and
the second session of tne Forty second Congress, in
?rite of the many important measures which claim
pub.lc attention, it to be the politicians' carnival.
AM UNKMOWN MAN KILLED,
Coroner Bathgate held an tnqnest at Tremont,
Westchester oounty, yesterday, on Ho remains ot
an unknown man, who was si rue* by the locomo
tive of a Harlem Hailroad train near ford barn on the
previous evening. It Is believed that the unfortunate
man was Icanrng ngainst a wooden fence winch
runs close to the track at tbe place indicated, when
no wasatruck. Although a portion ol bis brains
was scattered ou me track, deceased lingered about
nine hours before ho expired. The ill-fated man
was evidently a laborer, but nothing was round on
the body which might lead to its id en t ideation. A
i vettUci of academai was teaueiod*
MliMlJP.lL RBCOiWlRULflOiN.
Thf Appoinlmrni, Acceptanee and Swraring In
?f New City Commissioners.
i Delegation of Coroners at the
Department of Finance.
What Comptroller Green Has to Say
About Unpaid City Salaries.
Legislatiro Action Needed to Au
thorize the Payment of
City Creditors.
Tkit Mnyar'n Offlce.
There in very little change In the situation around
the City nail and In the departments since yester
day. At the Mayor's ofllce tncre were the ordinary
loungers and seekers of "news." Tlietr industry
was more largely rewarded than on the previous
day; lor the Mayor had sometning to communicate,
although It did not amount to very much.
With reference to tho new appointments yester
day may be considered as a day of acceptance.
Mr. Steoblns was sworn in as Park Commissioner,
ami Mr. Frederick E. Church lias signified
his Intention to accept the other vacant
Park commlssionershlp. Tho Mayor said that he
bad expected that Mr. Church would have pre
sented himself to be sworn in yostcrday, but when
ills Worship lerr Mr. Church had not paid his re
spects to the Mavor. "When Mr. Church is sworn
lilt" said (he Mayor, "1 think the agony will be com
plete lor some time."
Mr. England has accepted the Commlsstonershlp
of Public Education. The followlug correspond
ence relating thereto will t>e real with interest:?
TIM UAYOit TO MR. UNO LIN II.
Matob's Ovkiop, Nov. 20,1871.
it lnterei
you have
longbeeu, and are. a i educator of the peopio. May I be/
Sour acceptance of the oBlcn of Cotmnlssiouer of Public
cbools In the City Department of Public Instruction, made
vacant bribe resignation of Isaac Bell, Esq., and continuing
vacant m comuqiieirce of Mr. (Jerird, to wt-ooi It wui
oiler#J. (techniaz it. beoauae bo preferred to till bit prraent
oOico of School Inspector. Very truly your obedient servant,
4. OAKtiV LI ALL.
Isaac W. Enoland, Esq.
Hit. KNOI.ANI) TO THE MAYOR.
1U liaST TuiBTY-NXVTU Street,
NEW Yobs. Nor. 21, USiL j
Hon. A. Oabbt Hall, Mayor:?
Dbab Sib?Von ask mo to accent the ofllce of Commis
sioner of Poniic Schools In ths city Department of Public
instruction. It It a useful and honorable pus iLm which
any man might feel proud to fill. Har.ng earnestly labored
to bring about a reform In our municipal affair*, and be
lieving It to br the dmy of ercry citizen to do what he can for
the puolio welfare, 1 could not without Inconsistency dsuiine
the duties and responsibilities which you lurlte me to
assume. I therefore accept the appointment. Very re
?pecifulty, I. W. ENGLAND.
HUMORED RB3I0NAT1OSJ.
Thero were rumors of several resignations in tho
various city commissions, one of witlcn related to
Mr. Agnow. the Dock Commissioner, who, It was
stared, bad resided his po-lrlm. The Mayor, how
ever, had nothing to communicate in this regard,
though the rumor Is so current that there u no
donht a substratum of fact underlying this general
taut.
My DbaB Sir -Yon have long taken a practical interest
In the cause of public education. As a journalist, yo
At tbo Comptroller'* OSl'C.
As stated In the IIkrald yesterday tne Coroners
carried out their intention ol waiting upon Comp
troller Green respecting the payment of foes due to
them for the past nine months. The delegation con
sisted or Coroners Young, Sclurmer and Ilerrtnau.
The latter gentleman stated the grievances of him
self and associates, setting forth the facts substan
tially as given in the Hebai.d. Mr. Green listened
to the statement with considerable attention, bnt
said that he very much regretted that he was un
able to pay them any of the arrears which were un
questionably due to tbem. M'nen the Legislature
met he would take the necessary steps to secure
them prompt payment.
A HerM.i> reporter subsequently called upon Mr.
Green at his odlee, and in the coarse of the conver
sation the subject of unpaid salaries was re
ferred to.
?'Mr. Green," said the reporter, "l have caded
upon yon to ask you If there la anything new In
your department."
"So. sir; 1 don't know of anything that U new to
day."
"Yon hayo Dot male any appointments, Mr.
Green, havo you
"No: uot any yet."
"I seo some of tne papers, not the IIsnAi.D, cer
tainly, but the otner city papers, state that Mr.
bierrs has been appointed Deputy Comptroller."
"Mr. Btorra ha j not l>eon appointed, ami if the
papers saf id It Is wrong."
"You have had a visit Iromt ho Coroners to-day. I
have heard thd result. It seems a very bard case
tnat the ni u who have honestly earned their money
cannot get it."
"I quite agree with you; It is a hard case, bnt wnat
am I to do? I havo no money for them, l hero is
not a dollar in the Treasury to p.ty tuera."
??There is a rumor in the city?' don't know
whetner it Is well founded or not?that there is
$10,000,000 to the credit of the city in the bank."
"suppo.dng that is so, it will oe all wanted to nay
the interest on the city bonds. But u It wore not
wanted 1 cannot take from one hum to pay to
another. Tho appropriation for the Coroners w.ts
exhausted about nine months ago, audi haven)
authority to pay them from any other source."
"The supreme Court Judges have been paid their
salaries, 1 believe, Mr. Green, and the humbler
odlcials seem to thins that tno Judges could have
better afforded to wait than Coroners and me Clerks
of the City Departments."
"The judges of the Supreme Court were paid up
to tho 1st oi October, I think, but their approprla
uod was uot exhausted. When that payment was
mude u was exhausted, and they cauuol be paid
any more until the 1st of January."
"I presume you don't care about pledging your
own personal credit to meet this exigency. You
could have any money you wished lor the purpose
of paying salaries or any other legltuuaie city iu
debteuness."
"No uoubt; but 1 have no legal right to do It. 1
ought not to do It. I am obliged to run ray o.'Jlce
within the clauses of the law, and I have no legal
authority to appropriate one single dollar of the
city's fund to auj other pnrpose than that lor which
it una been appropriated."
"You would uot liko to sen city bonds to the city
broker for tnis purooso i"
"I could place boms on the market in certain
exigencies; for instance, if an epidemic were to
breakout, and the Ucalih Board required money,
and the sale of bonds were necessary, then 1 could
do It, but only m critical circumsiauces of that
character.
"Your desire, Mr. Green, to proceed with regu
larity, and though It uiay bo a very severe hardship
to tne inco who have no private fun is to full back
on. still I presume it must bo borne until the Legis
lature meets."
"Yes, It is highly nece-sary that tnese Irregulari
ties of payment and Irregular disposition of cltv
muds should cease. While I am in my present
o/Tlce I will take care that they shall cease, too. 1
have promised tho Coroners, as J have other offl
clals who nave honestly earned every coot that is
due to tbem. that Immediately the Legislature is
organized I will tav their claims before it."
??That seems ail tnat can be done, Mr. Green, and
J am mum obliged to you for this candid talk. Good
day, sir."
The Hoard of anvu?ser?.
Tne elegant room of the Board of Supervisors was
well attended yesterday by parties interested in the
canvas* of the Aldcrmanlc vote. There was a large
aileauance of the Board, nearly all the members of
which seemed to regard the apartment as a bar par
lor, for ibey lay back in iho luxurious chairs wiih
an inelegant case pulling vigorously at cigars
and sending fortb a cloud of smoke mat
cccastonRlly hid tho benign alleruianto presence
from tue common crowd of spectators wunout tne
barrier. The Board sal late, but it is not expected
that tuc canvass will be completed before Friday.
Several alleged discrepancies nave been discovered,
and it was generally thought by those wuowcro
watching the canvass that an endeavor will bo
made by the Hoard to count out some ol tno elected
Aldermen whoso return was considered by the
pre.icnt incumbents undesirable.
The Hiireilra ol Tweed, IJarvry and 1 tiger,
?oil.
Albany, Nov. 22, 1871.
In the Bupreme Court, before Judge Learned, to
day, counsel for Tweed inovod to oxtend tho time
tweuly days lor the sureties to Justiry In the sum of
$1,000,OuO iu the case of Tweed, Ingersoll, Gar*
vey et al. The motion was granted.
GREELEY. TWEED AND HI8 BONDSMEN.
When tho head of tho Ring, Mr. William M.Tweed,
is arrested, the first man to step forward 'or his
ball, merely in order that tho ihier may bo kept
from going to jaiI, Is another ol the aumo crowd.?
Tribune.
Becoming one of Tweed's bondsmen Is a matter,
entirely personal. If overy one of our cltisen* who
becomo iioiidsmen for criminals should bo li?ld as
endorsing or sympathising in their criminalities,
many good men would be harshly misjudged.
outtf Tweed'* WAdMteu cmiu Mini aevor
whitewashed. excused or defended Mm in any of
tbo ntaotuiy transactions wltb wtuon he and hla av
aocutea stand charged. If "another ot the sane
crowd" is to be coarged with sympathy tor Tam*
one of the
many Hall and its gang by becoming one of i
bondsn en ol William M. Tweed, why should not the
vvuui>u vu vi 11 llluliU n? |VPOV| w u f onwuiM uw yitw
ruoito say that arceiey, In becoming one of Jed
Davis' bondsmen, sympathised wltft treason and
aided and abetted him In his great crimes against
inertom and huutanlty r?commercial Adoerlirer.
BELIEF F?R THE FIRE VICTIMS.
Acknowledgment ot Contribntions Through This
Offic j -How the Poor Are led?Further
Donations?Robert Collyer and
the Newsboy*.
The publio who have contributed to tho relief of
the Chicago sufferers will be enabled, from the fol
lowing letter, to jndge how it is being disbursed:?
Cmcaoo Bsi.trv amii A in Sooirrv,)
_ CiuoAtto, t-.or. IS, Ml.
To thr Eoitob or TBS IIrbald:?
Io accordance with your telegram of the lltU I oat. 1 have
tula iia.r iirawu ou you lor lbs aum of etcbl thousand dollars
(ViNW In favor 01 ibe Chicago Ivnltef and Aid coclely. Per
mit me agalu to teeder you and the generous contributors
who havnjoined you lu tha remittance of ibia liberal doaa
Hon tbe hemtieit macks 01 our atlllc.ed peop'e for ibeir
timely assistance. 1 eaclnac you with Una a circular issued
by the hoove surety, showing the great wore iber are doing
and what they hope yet to be ablo to accomplish for Ibc re
lief ol those rnudcrcd entirely destitute by the .ate lire; but I
need not assure you how they would have aliruulc from ibe
rosponeibl ltv oi the admlniatral.au o' the unprecedented
oliarity were they nut enpported by tbc pi actio eymca'.hy
aud OA-opcratlon of youisclf aud irie.ius, tu oommou with
our br< tbron in humanity in nil part* of the cirlli/cd world.
Yours very tru'y, K. B. BASON, Mayor ot Chicago.
The ?8,ooo uckuowledgad above inai.es a total of
$21,600 paid the Mayor of Ctilcago, who Is also ad
vised to draw tor soh5, making a toial of $22,210 re
ceived at this oillco in aid of Chicago aud turned
over to the Chicago ltellcf and Aid Society.
_ _ Mayor's OrritjE, Milwauk.br, Wis
To Tlir El-ITOR OV 'l UK 11 KB A1. II:
Your telegram of the 14lh mat. It received, and I have
diawu ou you In aid of tbe lulferera by forest l.re* In Wis
consin aud Michigan for flUU. i'lenm accept my thauks.
Your* respectfully, U. LbDlMJlON, Mayor.
The above remittance makes $4,400 paid by this
office to tbe Mayor of Vlllwaukeo m aid or the sui
ferers by lire in Wisconsin and Michigan. Also ad
vised to draw tcr $a i more.
A lady writes as fol.ows to a gentleman In thts
city
I had almost forgotten to tell you about tbe way In which
the funds are dl-trTbuted and bow we fared at ibe cbnrcb.
Th* committee nud they can give no ntoner, as It will re
quire all llie funds tbey bare In their posses-ion to keep tbe
people In luel, rood and clothing. We get rood rrotn the
church once a week?three loaves of bread, fifteen pounds
flour, fifteen pounds corned beet or salt pork, part of a cod
fish, salted; quarter pound tea, two pouud* sugar, two bars
soap, one pock swoet potatoes, one and a half peck Irish
potatoes and one pound dried applet, wbich comprise
tbe rations for one week. The first day or two?
1 might say the first week?after tbe Ure, every
thing was excellent, 'ibe food was sent in cooked. After
wards they sent us strong coOee, without either milk or
sugar, and dry bread. Finally crackers'and raw bans. I
bought sugar, tuilk and butter Tor my private us-. 1 had also
tea of my own, but, unfortunately, no stove to cook on. Tbe
four that Is given la as dark as bran, hut very sweet and
good; the sugar, also, is of the darkest quality, hut au
awtra ail our purposes.
The ladv has a family of six children, ami her
letter, which is too long (or publication, Is fined
throughout wltU expressions of praise to those who
havo ine management and distribution of the runrta
so generously subscribed tnrouzhoui Europe and
America tor the relier of the unfortunate sufferers.
Konutze Brothers, bankers, of 111 Wail street,
have sent $3,Ouo to Chicago sufferers.
Tbe Principal or the Rockland Female Institute
has received Miss Noltie Richmond, a victim of the
fire, as one Of five pupils he offers to educate free of
expense. V
Mr. a. A. Low, Treasurer of tho committee ap
poiuied by the Chamber of Commerce to collect
money for the rcllel of ttie sufferers by tnc fires at
Chicago and in the Northwest, reports the following
additional subscriptions received for this object Irorn
tno lfitu tnst. up to and inclusive of tao 2oth inst:?
"if. p." $6 oo
Inhabitants of Ox liow and vlcluily for Michigan
and Wisconsin, half each 78 00
Patrick I'lay i air, chairman of (llaa-nw (Scotland*
reliet fund, through E. 1). Morgan A Co, for Mlcbl
fan, Wisconsin and Minn mo la 1,414 25
Thomas K. Jeremiah 25 no
B. V. McKlra. 50 00
Received through H. C. Hurl age, Conaul (ienrral of
tbe Motherland*, collected ly Uope A Co., Hun^b
A Co., Werthelm A Uunperts. bankers, of Annuer
dstn, trom forty-eight firms, for Chicago, 97,518 37,
gold.ut 11.............. 8,834 78
lioniey sirnvt Methodist Episcopal church, for
Wisconsin and Michigan 60 00
Tbaddeus Hyatt 100 uO
F. Auciislus Schei merborn 600 00
F. C Hcrburger, t'n.iainm, through Henry Clew* A
Co 60 00
Joshua WIIIIcum ,V Co., Abeiiiuiala fin Plate Work's,
Phelps, Jautes A Co., Liverpool...
Wales, ihrout.ii Phelps, Jautes A Co., Liverpool... 134 74
C. F. Sch.ill, Kiankehbauaon. Herman/ 80 00
Whitman A fillip*, for Miclucau and Wisconsin. 250 00
Irvln Sotnoms, Vervisrs, Felgnim, tor the West,
through cijrles Moll Suo 00
Miss C. P. T?bnar, for tbe west .1 800 a)
Cdmond ilen.1l*, Paris, by D. If. Wickbam W
Henry Mattlard.
Llue;eiu>erg 25 00
Palme,u A Co 100 00
Ureenfield A tltraius 150 00
fioctxman. Kryenhard t Co gf, ou
.Ceorge M. Coinpert A Co 15 oo
Peter ila blur estate 200 00
K. Advms Ill UC
P. Halt' 10 oo
C. C. Sinylle lu 00
Cash 2 oo
6 I
E. Has 5 oo
Cash a CO
JleBry Hlrsch A Co 10 0o
J. Id. Ouin nlnga i u0
Contrlbiillon to the miflrre'v hy fire at Chlcaco made
by the congregation (colored) of YAl n Methodist
tplscopal church, New York, nn.l paid by James
Vv. Pierce to the committee appointed bv the New
York Cbamberof Commerce to receive and dls
burse fun is given tor the above purpose 200 00
Total 910,701 77
Previously reported WH.eb" 90
Grand total hj lbs Cbamhar of Commerce Commit
IM $M8.810 87
Rnbi'rt IVIyer nnd Ihs NpwnIiav*.
The uewsboys, bootblacks and other homeless
lads who are provided (or by the Children's Aid
ocley t. at their Klvlngton street lodging house,
contributed $iq in aid of the suirerers from the Chi
cago fire. The money was sent to Mr. Williams,
('resident of the Metropolitan Hank, who forwarded
It to the Rev. Mr. colljer, who acknowledges lis re
ceipt lu the following characteristic letter:?
onioAco. Nov. 17,1*71.
To ins Boys at tui Ri vino-ion Street Loiwina
Boobs.-?
My Dear Fellows?Your great friend aud mine, Mr.
Williams, has sent me a letter from Mr. Cxlder, wltli one
fri m himself and the vlfl you itav# to hub) Cbioaco through
this hard pinch. 1 write this to thanlc yon for what toii have
done, right out of my heart?to tell you that 1 think your
subscription is one or the grandest that wis ever innde for
anything, because you must hare so very little to aparo; and
whenever yon got Into a tight place tills wiuter I want you to
feel you have Eelpe I soine poor fellow out of it tighter.
Now 1 will tell you wtmt 1 mean to do with Ibis money.
I mean to keep it all to Itself, and whenever, as long salt
lists, 1 see any boy or pirl I think needs a dollar I will take
one of yours to give them. 1 hope 1 shall make no mistake
and give It to the right sort, just to those who really need It,
?itan
and not to those who are shammine. I should hate to be
taken in, but If i am I want you ail to try and remember If
von hure ever taken any fellow in, and ir you have
you must constder my mistake as your punishment
and never do It again. And so, boys, tjod bless you for
vour kind hearts and the way yon put your hands deep down
Id your pockets. 1 am always yours,
ROBERT CObLYKH.
??the very same chap that was preaching buslde a bunted
church In Hmper'e II". A'p, lam."
The reading of this letter to tbo boys by tholr
Superintendent gratified thorn Immensely. One boy,
an authority in the house, asked to have it read a
second time In order taut ho might lorra an Intelli
gent opinion upon It. When tins was done he Raid
It was "a bully epistle." 'Another ouc said he liked
It because there was "no humbug about lu1' Most
of i hem said they had seen the "chap'* In Uarper't
Weekly.
Tvneziiel i in the Aid of Clilciige.
A meeting was called by tbo American Minister at
Caracas, Venezuela, on November 8 for the purpose
of obtaining sympathy and aid for the Chicago suf
ferers. A numerous assemblage of Venezuelans
and foreigners was present, among others the dtpio.
malic and Consular body and the Ministers ol the
Venezuelan government. Seflor Antoulo L. Guz
man, lather of iho President of Venezuela, presided.
A committee was appointed to raise subscriptions
and to remit the money collected to the sufferers.
ANOTHER PROBABLE MURDER.
'I be Keanlia of a Drunken Brawl.
On the corner of Sixtieth street and Tenth avenne
siands-a hall-finished house, intended to be the pri
vate residence of a gentleman living up town. In
consequence of a lawsuit as to the proprietorship of
the house tho building has remained in its pros
sent condition for some time past. For several
weeks a number of Swedes, Norwegians and
others ha. e made this house their home.
These people, who are mostly composed of
mechanics, do their own cooking and washing, and,
In lact, liuvo there a kind or bachelor's hall, on Mon
day evening last the occupants had a spree, and
several of I hem became intoxicated. During the
evening Jolm Wolsey and Andrew Neilson quar
relled, and while cinechcd on iho floor Woiscy
stabbed Neilson beneath the lower rib, on the right
side, causing a wound or a very danger
ous nature. Ncllson was attended by a
Physician, after which ho was sent to tue Roosevelt
Hospital, where lie now llos In a precarious con
dition. Wolsey was arreste I in ids bed and taken
to the TorkvUlo Police court, before Alderman
I'lunkUl, who held him to a valt tho result of Nell
sou's Injuries. There are but Might hopes expressed
of the wounded man's recover/ bv tile physicians
who attend him; but a few days will determine
whether he will recover or not.
A meeting of Nonconformists of Cambridgeshire
aud Huntingdonshire was held at Cambridge, at
winch tho conduct of Hie English government la
carrying out the Education bill was condemned in
i.o very measured terms. Somo of tue leading
speakers threatened that, II tue government does
not administer tho Education act mora in con
formity with religions oquallty, they will do all they
can to torn oiu tho government ana reptaoe tt by a
ton administration.
BROOKLYN'S BOTHER.
Another Missing Return Turns Up in u
Unaccountable Manner.
THE WINNING COUNTY CANDIDATES.
One ef the Council of Seventy-Are
on "Doctoring" Returns*
An Alleged Repeater Held for tke
Grand Jury.
Tbe County f'auvaea.
The Board or Supervisors of Kings county mi
again yesterday as a Board of Canvassers, wad
almost completed tneir labors before adjourning
Shortly alter assembling the Clerk an notu.ced that
be had found a sealed package, which he handed to.
In the othce of the County Clerk, addressed to Su
pervisor icurpuy, of tno Fourteenth ward. Tns
package, upon being opined, was found to be no
more nor less lliau tho long-looked-for
election returns of the First district of the Four
teenth ward, Eastern District, which should bars
been In their possession before the canvass opened
lust week. The law requires that all returns shall
l>e In their haiuta before tho work of canvassing
commences, on Wednesday 01 last week the can
vassers reached the Fourteeutn ward and opened tha
package, which, to their surprise, instead of contaia
lDg the returns, was simply the poll Use and nothing
more. Search and inquiry were made, but to no
avail; tho figures were not to bo had. The Board
proceeded with its labors and completed the can
vass of tho twenty-two wards and county towns, and
now, at tbe eleventh hour, tuo missing returns have
thus mysteriously been brought to the surface. Toe
loilowing is the result of tho canvass of the county
ticket, although no official report has yet been sub
mitted by the Board:?
Srcretarg of Slate.?Wdlors idem.), .19,411; Scrlb
ncr (rep.), 31,041. Winers' majority, 8,:i70.
Sei.a or.?bccond district?Ferry (rep.), 16,002i
Pierce (dem 13,645. Perry's majority, id,:;57. Third
district?Aliuphy (dcm.), it,65J; van Sicklen (rtp.j,
15,16 Murphy's majority, 6,346.
Assembly.? Maui district?Jacob! (dcm.), 4,7371
Letch irep.), 4,160. Jacobs' majority, 697...,
I'riio result of the cuuvoss of the other Assembly
districts wits given yesterday.]
b.strict Afidrm p.-Brinon (dem.), S5,121; Dalley
(rep.), 20,6s7. Brutou's majority, ?.JJ4.
county Suitor.?feoere (tiern.), 06,i?e; Colt (rep.), 1
County Judge.?tome (Uem.), C
28,186. MOOto's majority, 7,u>3.
count'/ Auditor,? Fitzgerald (dent.), 84,217; Felt
(rep.), 3 ,ooi. Fitzgerald's majority, i,2te.
County lYi usurer.?Uardlner (dcui.), 87,082j
Bigg; (rep.), 80,365. Gardiner's majority, 7,337

Supervisor at Large.?osoome (dein.i, SS,167|
Jobnson (rep.), 82,787. usborne's majority, 5,880.
Considerable opposition was raised by the rapuolt
cauH against the canvass of tho returned "retnrnaP
of toe First district of the Fourteenth ward.
Supervisor IIowkli, democrat, moved that th?
return be canvassed, to which Supervisor JonNsotf,
republican, objected, claiming that the counting bf
It would vitiate the election.
supervisor Barman (of the Council of Seventy
Ave) averred on nla honor that the envelope con
taining tbe returns or the district named was no!
In tbe safe when he and the Clerk, at a
previous meeting or tne Board, searched the safe
in the comity Clerk's office for It. lie understood
the whole game. There was iraud commuted in
this district, by which one man got loo more votea
than he was entitled to. Tiiev got trigtuenod by Uto
meeting at the Academy of iluslc and kept It back
to cover their crime, and where this return had been
since nobodv knew. In tne meantime it had boon
"doctored."
Supervisor Con Inquired whether Supervisor
Mnrphv had brought the rcia.u tn questlou with US
other reiurus wncn ho brought them to the Board.
Tbe Supervisor or tbe Fourteeutb replied that M
had.
Supervisor Flktchkr could not see anything in
the law which prevented this Board front canvass
ing any returns which come in after the canvass.
Super visor Milni said that the ground taken wu
that the letuf u was Irregular, and was, therefore,
not admissible.
supervisor Johnson said it was argued in favor of
the canvassing or the return that by declining u?
do so live or si* hundred people would be duiran
diced. There w^s a remedy lor this, and ihat wag',
to send the supervisor who kept the return to riuig
Sing lor four or live years.
The motion to open tno return was eventually
carried.
supervisor Sciixxck said that he would vota
"aye," on tbe ground that the supervisor of tha
Fourteenth has slated that the return was brought
here by him in proper time.
Supervisor Barman insisted that It was not there;
and that be would not vote "ave" unless Mr.
Murphy would take an oath that It was there at the
proper time.
Tne return was then canvassed.
A Krpmtcr Held for the UrnnJ Jnry.
The cose of James Kenny, tbe bill poster, whe
was arrested for illegal voting tn the Fifth district
or the Fourth ward on election day, was examtnei
before Justice Walsh yesterday. The complainant
In the caso was Assistant Assessor 8. II. Mil I en burg,
who challenged tho right of the accused to vote m
tout district while Kenny was endeavoring to
have his ballot accepted. Mr. B. Wliih
lock, of the Committee or yeveuty-tlve, tcstlded
that the accused jiad given his reshlenoe
as 10 Nassau st?ei; an Investigation, however,
Blinnrtnl lit-.it thu'mun PAal.lml at Oft klnhflflll fltPAAL
showed ihat too man resided at 26 Nassau streak
On the cross-examination it was shown that tne
business of bill posting was earned on at 10 Nassau
?treat,_aad.that people were wontio ste^ there
also. The District Attorney appealed for the pea
(lo. Kcuuy woe required to give bail In the sum of
1,000 to appear before the tiraad Jury. The jury
Is now in session.
THE SAVINGS BANKS.
Abatement of (be Kx rite went?The timrdin
and Bowling Green Ntlll leeed?The Na
tional Oat ol tbe WIMerneo*.
Inquiries made yesterday about the saving*
banks of the city give the gratifying fact that tbo
poor who have deposited in Uiem are not likely M
lose their savings, except, perhaps, in tho Guardian
and the Bowling Green banks, and even from these
many will draw out nearly all possibly. K Is very
certain tnat nothing like a run has been made upon
any Institution with the exception of the three above
named.
At i no Bowling Green yesterday there was very
little excitement aud few clainorers for entrant*
The office Is still kept closed, and jester
day afternoon President Henry Kmttli, Be
cover knapp, the directors aud JU"gu Cog an
were for some hours busily employed in
sounding its airalrs with a view or getting
at au actual idea of its condition, sir. Knapp as
su red a Herald reporter, who called for
the latest foots, that no statement of its affairs
would be completed before Friday, when it would be
given to the public, yet so far as tner had examined
the lbject the condition or tne bank Is better than
was supposed, and the officers hope to pay in doe
timo a hundred cents on the dollar. Judge liogan,
who lias taken an active part on behalf of the pro
tection of the depositors, has called a meeting of
the officers and creditors at No. 173 Greenwich
street to-day, when the directors may mane seme
overtures to their depcsitors. Mr. Knapp says thorn
is no serious cause lor alarm, aud he hopeo tho prom
will assist in allaying the excitement.
At the Natloual, corner ol' Houston street and
Broadway, the excitement has entirely ceased, anu
when a reporter visited it yesterday afternoon one
clerk was sutllcieut to attend to business, and llonry
Smith, the president, considers the run at an end.
The clerk reports that he received more money yee
terday on deposit than was called for on check, llo
explains ihe last report mode to the banking De
partment ut Albany of only $3,000 of deposit* vent
sausluctoiliy. It appears that the Institution tu*
ponded aci'vo business for a time, do*
kept enougu on deposit to enable m
to report and avoid a forfeiture ol
the chartor. They resumed business In June or
Julv last, and the deposits have largely Moreaeea,
but for some roason tie decllued to state "j**
they rango now. The office furnlturo is much more
valuable than the estimate lf?vo1a,la?"Pr
tlnv bv a ireiitlemau who looked it over.
Tho Guardian Institution still disregards public
oninlon and not only keeps its doors locked, re
Hidtin all admission to tho representatives of the
piessf but so far has published no Intimation of
what the depositors may expect to realize lrom their
Investmoats. Outside rumor says It is in such a
condition that tho directory have no hope ol beiug
able and do not contemplate a resumption of burn
neas,
VIEWS OF THE PAST.
NOVEMBER 23.
1870?Bavaria concluded a treaty of onion with taw
North German Confederation.
1868?Battle of Orchard Knot*, before Obattaaeog*i
General Thomas' foroes victorious.
1818?Ki bridge Gerry, Vice President of the United
State* die*