T.0CATL ALISO ELLANY.
THE COURTS.
AN ASSEMBLY CANDIDATE IN THE FIFTH DIS
TTRICT ARRESTED FOR FORGELY.
AN ASSEMBLY CANDIDATE IN THE FIFTH DIS
TRICT ARRESTED FOR FORGERY.
Cyrus Olmstead, an independent Democratic
candidate for Assembly in the Vth District, was taken
before Justico Dowling, at the Tombs, yesterday, on the
charge of forgery. It is alleged that on October 21 he
wens to Samucl! Green to obtain a loan of $10,000 on a
bond and mortgage for $10,000 on a house in Washington
st., owned by Silas Olmstead, his grandfather. Tho ao
cused represented that the bond and mortgage had been
executed in his favor. Mr. Green referred him to Messrs.
Shedlock Pearson, who promised to obtain from Nash
Moseman the required sum. Subsequently it was deter
mined to advance only $5,000. The title to the property
waa searched and found to be good, but further Inquiry
elioited the fact that the mortgage alle god to have buen
executed by filas Olmstead in favor of his grandehild,
was 8 forgary, Messrs. Shedlock Pearson proceedoc
with the transaction, and said nothing abou sheir dis
covery of tho forgery. The politician went yesterday to
their office with the mortuges, and received a eheck for
000 on the Tradcsmen’s bank, Jayuile to Dwight H.
imstead of the firm of Tracy, Olmstead Tracy, who
also represented Moseman, Tue accused indorse the
check and started for the bank to collect the money, but
on reaching the street was given into custedy. When
asked by the magistrate what he had to say relative to
the charge he replied, “Notning,’ and was accordingly
comwit:cd to await an examination. His age 1s 30, and
he keeps a saloon at No, 335 Spring at. ITe has for a long
time been connected with politics in the Eighth Ward.
 P
FALSE REGISTRATION—=TRIAL OF LAZARUSDIS
AGREEMENT OF THE JURY.
The cases of John Pettit and Israel Lazarus,
charged with violation of the election laws in frandu
lently registering fn more than oae election district,
came up before Judge Barnard, in Oyer and Terminer,
yesterday. The court-room was flied, and the largo
number of faces of the baser sort, showed that the inter
est In the proceedings was not confined to the respecta
ble portion of society. Lazarus's counsel, W.F. Howe, not
appearing, Charles 5. Spencer was assigned by the Court
to defend hiw. A jury having beed impaneled and
sworn, the Inspectors of the V1Ith and Xth Districts of
the Fourth Ward were called, to prove that Lazarus had
registered in both districts on Oct. 17. It was contended
for the defense that there was no Jroher registration,
the names having been entered on loose slips of paper,
and afterward, but not In the presonce of defendant,
transferred to the books of record, It was claimed also
that the defendant wus not properly identitied as the one
who Lad ziven Lis name as Lazarus, aud that the plain
tiffs, therciore, hal not made ond their case. In summing
up the connsel urged, first, that the indictment was at
variance with the law, tue indictment citing that the
oficuse was comiuitted before the inspectors of Tegietry,
walle the law designates them as inspectors of elec
tion; acconl, that one of the inspectors was ineligible to
the position, under any circutnstances, and none of the
others wore legally inspectors; and, tuird, that registra
ton on loose slips of paper is illegal. Tue Court over
valed the points, and gave the case to the jury, who re
teed at 23 3. and returned in two hours without hav
ing fou a verdict. They were dischaiged aud the pris
omer remanded

Elk
THY LUDLOW-ST. PRISONERS,
The debiors in Ludlow-st. will not be taken
into court to-day as on Monday. Sheriff Brennan has
asked Judge Barnard for permission to submit, in lieu,
their written statements. He says the bail in some in
stances is very large, and the danger of escape very
great, and in the event of any prisoner eluding the dep
uty sherifts Mr. Brennan would Le responsible, The
statements of all over whom the State Courts have au
thority wiil be submitted in Wig, except that of two
Jhisoncrs who are unwilling to plead their own causes.
o aflidavits from PisHglage in regard to the hygienic
condition of the juil will be submitted. The regular juil
mp of course, intimates that itis a better resort
han a water cure; while the other, who has had to visit
it in attendance on patients continued there, intimates
that it is unfit for human cecupation, Some of the pris
oners will uudot Deediy be discharged Volkat, Judge Bar
Bard, having resvlved to investigate their cases thor
oughly.
ees
PROCEEDINGS AGAINST COUNTERFEITT RS,
In tle United States Circuit Court, yester
day, Josiah D. Miner pleaded “not guilty” to five indict
ments for dealing in counterfeit woney Thomas Ballard
and L. W. Williams pleaded “not guiity” to indictments
for jRustug counterfeit money; and James Quimby
and Earucst Kopf were found guilty of the same crime
and remanded for sentence.
The trizl of James Colgate, indicted for dealing in
counterfeit money while a prisoner in Ludlow-st.
Jall, was then begun. It appeared from the
evidence that Colgate was in jail for selling ob
scone bocks, and that, while there, he made
the acquaintance of Joseph Balvitti, a prisoner for
debt, aud offered to sell Lim counterfeit money. Salvitti
fuiormed Col. Whitley of Colgate's offers, and his case
was “worked up” by one of the Colouel’s detectives. It
i8 suppos:. d that counterfeit money finds its way into
Ludlow-st. Jail through (he friends of the prisoners who
visit thew. ‘Aue trial will be finished to-day.
The counsel in the Foley injunction case ap
peared before Judge Barnard, inj Buprewme Court
Chambers, yesterday, on the settlement and modification
of the order. Mr. Strahan, for the Deputy Controller,
desired to be beard in relation thereto, inasmuch as he is
affected by the case, although he is not directly con
cerned in the suit, the case was accordingly adjourned
till to-day at 104 a. nL.

In the United States Circuit Court, yesterday,
David Sloan and Kingman F. Page were fined 310 each
for failing to atteud as jurors,
The wills of the following were admitted to
Frobaié by the Queens County Surrogate during October:
James Skirner, Andrew J. Remsen, Wim. Rhodes, Timothy Carman,
Ezekiel Luzidon, Bizabeth Watters, Rose A. McLaughlin, Peter Dodge,
and Jame- li. Poole. Letters of administration were granted oa tuo
estates of Aun Robins. Orlando A. Derby, Michiel A. Goebel, Josephine
beis, Samucl D. leudrickson, Nathaniel! Remsen and Elizabeth Henta
In the Folsom will case, which came up be
fore Surrogate Hutchings yesterday, Dr. Barbour testi
fled that Le attended the deceased duking hes last fllness,
and that Ler wind was liable to wander by reason of her
pin gleal condition, und if the will Lad been brought be
Voce Lot se adenly sie would not have been able properly
to exccute it. Adjourned to Nov. 10,

Charles B. Droeht of No. 711 Seventh-ave., charged
with drawine wheay from uvrstamped casks, was Lel!, yesicilay, in
2,000 bail vy Cornissioner brields.
At the Jefferson Market Police Court, William
Primer of No. 531 Broome--t., was committed, ves‘erdry, for breaking
f3i0 the roots oi James Fravees, at No. 14 West ‘Thity-firstat....
Macy Proor. for swealivg a pocket-book, ceutaiving $29, fiow Juin
Liowe of C..¢ 0.
Fp A
Marine Court—Part 1.—By Judge Joachimsen.—
Biogel sg. Walling. =Judguent for the plaintiff for $234 17, costs mid
2) allowance. Ke nolds sgt. Cough!in.—Julgment for the plalntif ior
©2402 80, cocts ard p20 olwwance. Westheimer agt. Isaacs, Simonsen
sgt. Bastieem, B. riper et. K churdson, ~In guests taxen,
Part 11.—By Juoge Corts —G. Mepsicin we Fay.~Inquest taken,
oe agt. Audessou.—Discoutivued. attlage agt. Adams.
errel.
Part 1IT.—By Jnlge Alker —~Griffio act. Squire.—Disnissel by de.
fault. hot agt. Kroes, Rosenbaum ut. Irie nan, Wagner agt. Weber,
Marshall eo. Sion, Crowley agi. Wood, Prankard sgt. Bxiuse—In
goats tala Loll sgt. Tue Alfred Bliss Munifactaniug Compacy.—
ol amt raed
_—,e—aS.:.A: PB
BurkEXE COURT—CHANPLIS=INGRAMAN, J. Calendar callC atl lo m.
202.1 arton rgt. Tooroton,
Marine Covrr--TRlAL Tenm—Part I. =JoacHiNsEN, J.—Opens at
AV R&R. Boe
7028. Wallace et Vandewater.y 13:3... Morphy agt. Mathews.
7263, Ki we cet. Riau. 529%. loth agt. Curst
315..5 ch dt sgt. Krawiizki, 7588..Loshmann sgt, Lorillard
<TH s 2gt. Bieling. bteamsbip Co.
371.0 on agt Khue, 7329, .Swasey sgt Carr,
TY. Mec en agt. Fleig. 7.90.. Goodsell agt. Elliott.
380. Faring agt. Christal 400, .Vermeister agt. Reiner,
7382. Plunkett agt. Colbian. i4ul. Vermeister agt. Relucr,
PART IL—=CUrRTIS, J.
7014. .Gambirer sgt. Gow! iver "365. .8canlon agt. Rtranss
2017. Araoid agt. McLane. [7477. .Bchoverling agt. Nis:en.
TES, Low sgt. Adler. “aid, Fredericks agt. Tragissen,
7332... Thompson 4 Lamler. 19. Fredericks agt. Loevers
6885. Webb agt, Wormser, 7570. Fredericke ML Plortuer,
6963. Wallace agt. Chand'ier. 0. Galuay Af. sun.
6273. a sgt. Fairchild 7372. .Hame Robinson.
7353. Nelson agt. O"Erien. 19573. .Osbora agt. Hough.
7364. Laver agt. Heal. 11574. Levy agt. Andrews.
Part 1IL—ALKER, J.
6804. .Kolt agt. Krues, 7396. Wilder agt. Woods.
6970, Covert agt. Lawrence. 7543. Yates agt. Figprrier.
7261. .8iwm a Nissen. 7-44..Gunther ae vis
7358. .Kovradi sgt. Lertram, 7845. Kats sgt. Egan.
7360. Hoyt sgt. Oppenheim, 046. Rust agt. Wilson,

THE EMBARRASSMENT OF THE LONG ISLAND
BUGAR REFINING COMPANY.
The trustees of the Long Island Sugar Re
fining Conpany met yesterday, at their office, and re,
ceived an imperfect statement of their affairs. The Com
pany consists principally of leading German business men,
who intrusted the details of the business almost ex
olusively to the executive officers, Grossman Ross
msn. On the 18th of last month there was an
snnual election, at which a Mr. Ballin, banker
snd Mr. Kunbardt, sbipping merchant, were
elected as the Finance mmittee. Ingtead of
faxing the ususl statement of the officers, if became
necessary for. them to scrutinize the books for them.
selves, when they almost immediately discovered
discrepancies, which increased as their Investigati
pivsecded. A Sading trustee of the Company Rated
Rossman, the Secretary, was not alone responsible
tor the injudicious purchases of molasses, 88 Grossman
wns ogually concerned, and in fact was the principal
agent fa the matter. Philip Caesar has been appointed
fu Ko-sman’s Riace, A general meeting of the steck:
holc er; will be held to-day, when a Jenokt of the actual
coucition of the Company will probably be presented.
I.
rar RROOKRIYN SCHOOL BCANDAL.
The Brooklyn Board of Education had a
special moeting, yesterday afternoon, to express tnadig
pation at the slander recently uttered against tho lady
teachers in the pu blic schools in The City of Brooklyn.
After an animated discussion as to the propriety of no
Hiclng what was characterized as an “election canard,”
Mo owing communication was recelved from the
Brookry¥, Nov. 2, 1671,
The Hom. FP. J. Wuiriock, President tie
tion: Havioe bees accused of boing the author of au article which so
TIE FOLEY INJUNCTION.
CIVIY. NOTES
(RIMINAL COURTS.
DT CISIONS--Nov. 2.
(OURT CALYREDARS Tua Dat.
peared In sn seme of The Oty of Brooklm of October 28, reflecting
upon the character of the members of the Board of Bducatios, I bog
leave to state that I never made the stalement. vor ntorsed suck Hats:
meu, nor dictated ih and chat 1 knew eoting routicp Lbs in
on until my stiention was called to ib y one of the of
Eagle. To all of whieh I am ready to oertily under shou!
your Board request sae to do so MairTin KAusrugiscu, Mayer.
vote or offer to vote in the name of such or in any assumed of
Roikbions name, shail be pr JR ¥ot
g x
If an person t pretense or inducement whatever, cause
phi hag yn a a. asing or
person to be frasdulently ered ag voter, in any
Tt Sho Ere Ie time a legally qualified votef, or who shal
Co0le Or BOTs, Oe a a wot rot in Which ach por
BO 0 or i Lor tly we won Dita a gn 8 hall ad
dom inovt at she mau legally uated voter aves, op, Who S05,
After an animated discussion, in which Mr. Kinsella
favored an investigation of the relations existing be
tween the Mayor and Mr. Delmar, and Mr. Hennessy
urged the fathers and brothers of the slandercd teachers
to drive the author of the artiele from the city, the
Board adjourned. An appeal has been signed by many
of the teachers in the public solicols, waich, alter re
Loarsing the slanders contained in tho article, ooncludes
as follows;
such Klection, lu an assumed or Sections name, shall be adjudged guilty
of 8 felony.
SPOTION 29.
Any person duly convicted of either of the foreroing offs shall, 4028
conviction, be  imprivoued dia oe Slat Pras To wri of not loss than
one or more three y
ay Berson a a tins Dracut
y. pak Pe pes. the name of any other a to be regisie red,
We have, therefore. no other course left to us than to sppeal to the
public to vindicate us against the villainous slander, and against the man
whe by his silence officially {ndorses it. To our charge is committed the
1a0rs] and educational training of a very large porilon of the youth of
the city; if our character be such as the Mayor end his confdential ad
viser sav It is, we deserve to be driven by an indiguant community from
our positions. Miny of us are women whose support depends un our
Supe teney oad the purity of our characters, sad we appeal for our pro
tection and vindication to the community wiose children are comuaitied
{to our care.
VIEWS OF A MORMON BISHOP—DBRIGIAM YOUNG'S
MOVEMENTS.
A TripuNg reporter called yesterday upon
Bishop Sharpe of Utah, who is staying in this city for a
fow days, to obtain his views upon the troubles among
the Mormons. The Bishop is one of the 30 who look af
tor the temporal affairs of the Bainta in B8alt Lake City,
and is here on business connected with the Southern
Utah Railroad, of which he is Vice-President. He was
one of the two bondsmen who gave bail for Brigham
Young upon the indictment charging the President with
“lascivious cohabitation.” He jclaimsjthat the jury is a
packed one, impaneled contrary to the Territorial law,
and says that very few of the Gentiles sympathize with
the proceedings taken against the sect. In his opinion,
a few officials who desire to get a reputation for efficiency
for their own Tag a are tho only ones pd.
tbizing with tbis crusade. The reporter inquired his
opluion of the reported flight of Brigham Young Ha
401d that it was generally known before their President's
departure that he would spend the Winter months woere
he ated a year ago. About 325 miles south of Salt
Lake City there is a district where tho climate 18 salu
brious, and where no snow and ice are seen. To this re
gion ho Las gone in pursuance of a plan formed months
ho, and Lus not escaped, as ia reporicd, from tho officers
of justice. Mention was made by the reporter of the
rumor of a compromise whereby the Mormon
chief proposed to abolish pulyEamy if Utah
should Le admitted a8 8 The Bishop
sald av no such proposition had Xen or would
be made. Bs had a conversation only the evening be
fore last with Mr. Hooper of Utah, aud if there had been
“any truth in it, or the reports of the latter's object in
Vibiiine Waslington, he would bave been informed of if.
Besides, to surrender that tenet would be to surrender
everything.” Mr. Hooper has come East to make ar
a. for his fawily’s accommodation during the
Winter, as they will accompany him and spend the sea
son in Washington, He ictends to return to Utah before
the Aegtinbiiug of Congress, and bring them back with
bi. 1n speaking of the indictment aud the conviction
of Elder Hawkius, the Bishop said that tho practice of
polygamy was not Jopsrary to law until 1862, at which
time the enactmen Jorhiding it was passed by Con
gress, and that many of the lidics Lod not practiced
polygamy since, aud were cousequeutly not guiliy of
iY Ti 108
ANIUISTOCAT. NOTEYS
 ——t.
Wachtel repeats “The Postilion” this even
ing, and will be heard at the matinée to-morrow as Man
rico. This will be his last matinée performance.
Mlle. Aimée continues her lively representa
tions of opera bouffe, at Lina Edwin's Theater, to the de
light of the many admirers of that class of entertains
ment, ‘Fleur de Thé” &till holds the boards.
A concert for the benefit of the Chicago suf
forera {8 announced to be given at Steinway Hall, on
funday evening, It i8 under the direction of Dr. Leo
pold Damrosch, who will be agsisted on the occasion by
an orchestra.
There will be rome curiosity to see a per
formance of “Don Giovanni,” this evening, in which
Roncaoni will sing, but not sing Leporello. M. Jamet,
vho is cast for that part, developed in “Faust,” the
other night, most excellent ability as an actor—as indecd
lie did in “Martha likewise.
Miss Edith Wynne is a Welshwoman, and a
meeting of Ler countrymen wae recently held at Free
mason's Tavern, London, to raise funds for a testimonial,
testifying “the esteem in wlich she is held by her
BAineh friends connected with the Principality, and
tue gretificetion which they feel ut the high position to
which she has atta'ned in her profession, as wellas in
recognition of her readiness at all times to assist by Ler
talent in furtherance of the cause of charity and patrio’~
iowa.”

FLEETWCOD PAPK EXTRA FULL MEETING—
SICOND DAY.
Yesterday was the second day of the Extra
Fall Meeting at Fleetwood Park. Tho attendance was
good, but the track, from the previous day’s rain, was
heavy. The trot was for 2:32 herees, for a purse of $1,000,
with nine entries, of which eight came to the post.
J. Dngrey*s b. m. Ferny Lambert,....
G. Freeman's bik, m. Ledy Wheeler
J. 5. Parka br. 5. Dauntless......
i Nur hy’ abr yo aly Sears......
Bs Yaveiag 2. Elma... ..ciomvereress
VW. Week's bik. Sie Bells,oooiiierrnniinennnnns
J. Fplan’s br. m. COUNALOD: +x vt rune rer cesses
A. Patterson's ch. m. Belle of Oneida rears
Thine—2:341, 2:044, 2:37, 2:30).

CNV De RW
Tace twos
Ear LEE x]
NCO
LEASE OF THE CLEVELAND AND PITISCURCGH
RAILROAD COMPANY.
The Cleveland and ritisourgh haliroad Nas
been leased to the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. The
following aro the terms as stated in proxies distributed
throughout Wall-st. Jéstalday
The Cleveland and Pittshurgh Railroad Comnany and the Pennsylva
pla Railroad Corupany bave entered into a contract of lease or a period
of 99) years, fror the first day of December, 1871, bv which the Pennsyl
vania Railroad Campany, as lesser, takes possession of the Cleveland
end Piashurgh Ratiread, and alits property, on the Jst of Decewber,
1971, the general terms of said lease being that tee Pennsylvania Railroad
Compuny, as Jessen, shall provide all meneys needful for the int rest on
the bonded ob'igatious as they acceme from the said first day
of Docembet, and as they matare from time to time thercaf*er and for
the principal thereof, inthe n anncr set forth in said lease, srd also that
the taid Pennerlvanis Railrad Compsuy shall provide an! pay to the
Clevalsnd snd Pittsburgh Railroad Company a rental or ited fond,
which shall be xual 0 10 per cent per capnm mpon the exising capital
of said Company, payable qaarterly in the City of New-York, clear of
taxes. and in the BANG; provided and set forth in the leuss of the Pitts
burgh, Fort Warne and Chicago Railway to the Permaylvsania Reilroad
Commany raid rental being equivalent to 7 per cent, clear of Axes, upon
142 85 for sach $1 of she existirg capital stock.
rr ff P———
TITF STATE SUALD ARMS,
The Commission which has been considering
the merits of the various breech-loading systems since
June, with a view of dotezmining upon a new armament
for the National Guard of the Btate of New-York, has
concluded its labors and forwarded its report to the
Governor. Tha report, which concludes with the
adoption of the Remiugton ari, bas received the sanction
of Guy. HofTui an.
BR A dS: S|
CTORING DAYS OF THE FAIMR.
To the Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: The awarding of medals to exhibitors
having heen Hisheled with this year, oxcept that the
Grand Gold Medal of ITonor will be given to the inventor
of any new and prcéminently valuable invention, tho
question Who is to receive it this year 1s now exciting
gicat interest. Jt must he given to that man who has
developed the greatest invention during the year, if he is
alto an exbibitor. To SEuperiy award this medal must
be one of the most irksowe of the duties of the Board of
Mavogers. In making it, the uuiversal application—* the
greatest good to the greatest number ”—inust be con
sidered; utility must precede beauty; and if an invention
can be found which reduces the cost of production of any
article of universal application one per cent, which inakes
it worth one cent more to the consumer, or, which will
realize advantages worth one cent, daily, weckly, or
monthly to each of our forty millions of Jeople, that one
must be the honored Recipient of the medal in preference
to him who produces the invention which aay be esti
mated to be worth $1,000 to each of 1, persons.
Two or three competitors only—it seems to bo universally
acknowledged—are in the field, and this is a great mercy
Jothe Board, undoubtedly weary of their gratuitous
abors,
One of the most ingenious and wonderful of the new
inventions on exhibition, brought to our notice, is Wood
bury's brush-making machine, which performs the labor
of {en experts of the flist class, and makes better
brush than can be made band, Tt is tray wonderful
to see 100 tufts of bristles Seried firnly in the wood in
a minute. The ingenuity of the machine, which takes
the tufts in hand, Jrescs Sie needle of wire through
each; then, after forming the wire into a screw-thread,
turns it into the socket prepared for it, at the same time
using jteelf, to make the thread of the nut as if it were a
tap—as it is, and a by improvement upon the ordinary
one, as it does not have to be withdrawn, but remains in
the brush iteclf, immovable in ite well ting seat, utc
which it has been squeezed, and from which it cannot be
withdrawn except by the reversal of the same proocesaci
NY, waica it has been inscrted. Lileaze, where over
,000 brushes, Probably, have been destroyed by fire, if
is sald, 1s to bs rebuilt steam. This brash inachine
happily is developed just in time to perform ita part of
the labor, and such an invention as this may be consid
ered one of the developers of the whole country.
New-York, Nov. 2, 1871.
GOVERNMENT LANDS AND RAILROADS.
ro (he Editor of The Tribune.
Sir: In your issue of Oct. 26 appeared a let
ter from Mr. A. Reese, Kansas, which in justice to truth
calls for some notice. I have BOWE to do with his own
disipterestedness or that of his kith and kin,” nor with
the Justice DF iElusice of the Government in ceding
lands to rail corporations after its promiee to the
people that these lands shall be sold for cash,” &o., &c.,
ot #1 26 per acre, These lands of which Mr. Reese Apoaka
were 3 £iVen by the Government to the Missouri, Kansas
and Texas Raflpad Company, and on the completion of
the conditions they are as fully entitled to them as Mr,
R. 1 to his land, even though his farm ls deeded land.”
Bt, 8, HE dots pske statements 184} lave ex 8h
“ato of tru apd on, Qs quoting what he
825 18 ob advertisement of he 8 K. apd T. Railroad
pany Lands for sale on jon4 iio, wit Shit tater.
esl, hon por acre.” This Is pot truth, Com
pazy, at no time or place, ever so advertised
eir lands. They do, and always have, adver
tised them at from $2 fo $3 per acre. THE WEEKLY
TRIBUNE contained almost the first advertisement ever
issued of these lands, and from that time (I think about
Feb, 1970) till the present it has been almost without
fulatrup on in its columns, and to it I refer you for the
truth of my statements, There did, however, appear in
one or two of tho first {ssncs of the Weekly from $2 to #3,
fnstead of from $2 to $3, an crror made by your printers,
and for which THE TRIBUNE was accountable, but it was
corrected immediately on being discovered. It was,
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 187L
most probady, on ¢hls “baseless fabric” Mr, R. founded
Dis donuncletons agaiust the Company. All tho other
gowplaints are on equally mistaken suppositions, a8 CAD
Po [Sully ascortatuid by all desirous of finding out the
The Osncego Register, Oswego, Kansas, a paper by no
means over-friendly to the Company, vi ceived, or
heard of, several Colplainiy in reference to the prices
charged, &o., &o., undertook, in behalf of the settlers, to
Investigate the whole matter, aud, in an editorial of the
insu of Sept. 90, it entirely acquits the Company of all
the charges made. The aiticle 1s too long to ask you to
republish it, but I will quote a fow sentences frou it. It
gays: We have indusfriously endeavored to obtain all
jaete bearing on a question po such vital importance to
Le citizons of Labatte County. Major J.T.
Goodnow, to whom is intrusted the disposal aud asscss
ment of the lands of the Missouri, Kansas and Tens
Railroad Company, has taken pains to inquire into the
real condition of affuirs, since when the hppesemat,
a8 we have been informed, has been materia it revised.
Mr. G. bas given this subject Lis personal attention a8
far as possible, He inforips ua that it is thelr intention
to deal equitably with the settlers; that it is not tho
feel of the Company thet any one should leave, Lut that
he ghould have the benefit of his improvements, Mr. G.
has furnished us with a carefully Jrepared abstract of
tLe lands at their assessed value, which is published that
the people may see for themsclves the amount clalmed.
«a «a QOpmions can now be formed from in
diepiiaple premises, instead of rumors, surmises, and
isolated cases.” Upon these “rumors, surinises, and iso:
lated cases,” &c., Mr. R. bas evidently based his charges
against the Cowpauy. The Register shows their utter
falsity after a thorough investigation made In the interest
of the settlers. The “abstract” of assessed value to which
the article alludes is contained in the sxmo lysne, and 18
under the heading of “Official Appraisement’—3ection—
Township—Range—Acres—Price. Under these heads aps
pear the full detailed description of about eight hundred
sections. Of these about 400 sections are at prices vary
ing up to $6 per acre; over 200 at from £5 60 to $6 £0; most
of the rest are from $6 50 to $3; and uot wore than 20 sec
tions are at §10; none over that sum.
Now, Bir, Quoting Mr. R., let me say, in reference to his
statement that {he Company cowmand tho scitlers to
gowe up forthwith and contract for their Innds at from
tent to Jifteen dollars,’ “tis is not true.” Again, groting
Mr. R., "It secrus to Jue that justice and honesty dena
that the Eagtern people should know that this Raflrvad
Company has ‘lands to sell at tho Foices dt which they
have always advertised them—viz.: from $3 to $8 per acre,’
large portions of which are ‘incumbered with settlers
liviug in their own houses, with barns, aud fences, and
orchards, and Yaviog fields of gruln,’” faily sustaiving
the justice of the statement in the advertia meat, that
they are the best farming lands in tue woild”
New-York, Nov. 1, 1871. BW. Q
PAGTICULARS OF THE LOS ANGELES TRAGEDY,
EARL ACA 402 SAL HOLES S050 LHBAE LH SFT40AT A A0THRY Mus We
Special Tebgram to The San Francisco Bulle!in, Oct. 5.
The (ragedy of yesterday arose from an ill
feenug of loug santas between two rival Chinese com
panies, These parties had a difficulty with oue auother
on the previous day, and an examination was held he
terday afternoon at one of the justice's courts, w ich
was adjourned until thia BrDiok: On returning to their
quurters end Jost as the night set in, thoy resumed their
quarrel and pistols were freely uged; oflicers and cit
izens imimedintely rushed to the scene to separate and
arrcst the Soppbatymte. fowe of the Chinese, however,
turned upon theif pursuers and fired their pistols at
them, wounding one officer in tho right shoulder, shoot
ing a boy in the leg, and a citizen named Robert Thomp
gon throngh the breast, from the eftects of which he died
within an'honr and a half. They then songht refuge in
their quarters. The block in which these Chiunmen
secreted themselves was surrounded by a wob, and uwoue
were permitted to leave,
Shortly after the blockade commeneed one Chinaman
atiewpied to escape, and with hatchet in band, deters
ised to out his way through the human band ghclreitig
the Chinese stronghold. He was quickly eapturerd, an
the constables cudeavoreda to carry him off to Jal, but
the announcement of the death of Thomson being made
generally known at this juncture, tho mob became in
furiated, and several atteu:ps were made to wrest the
prisoner from the officers, while cries of BRER him”
arose from all sides. When witiiin about 200 yards pf tho
Jal, the crowd poured upon the officers and, overpower
ing them, ecieed the Cuinaman apd marcbed him up
Tewple-st. to the corner of New ov era the eross
beat of the sltding-door of a corral offered a convenient
gibbet. A rope was fromedlately procured, attached to
the victlin’s neck, thrown over the cross-beaw, and
amid mad shouts of the mob he was hoisted up.
The mob, consisting mainly of native Californians, the
dregs of society, returned at once to the scene, drunk
with their fendish work, It was not until 10 o'clock that
Soy real attempt was made to storm the Chinese strong
holds, who bad barricaded their doors, there being no
windows to those adobe houses. In the mean time sev
eral futile attempts to fire the Llock were made, At 10
o'clock an cutry was made into one of these houees, and
the inmates, moro dead than alive, were dragged out and
hurried to the first bangloR Fave at hand, Four were
suspended from the sides of a wagon; six were hung
from the awning of some dwellings on Los Angeles-st.,
three In a bunch; one a mero boy eight or nine years
old. All of these were fearfully mangled before reach.
ing the place of execution, Ropes were placed around
their necks hiamediately pe being eapiutes, and #00
of them wero strangled before being hanged,  Bixteen
Chinamen have thus far suffered. Two bodies, one a
woman's, have been found shot dead. One wounded
Cuninaman now ites in a precarious state in the city Jail,
Thieves mado good use of their opportunity, breaking
open every trunk in the Chinese gearters, and taking
A of value, The officers of the law were pow.
erless, and good citizens held aloof, The rabble ruled,
Two or three dozen Chinnwen took refugo fu the city
Juil, where hy now remain in custody, Dark Lints of
a repetition of fast evening’a proceedings are thrown out
to<!ny. The old Vigilance Committee has been reorgan
ized, and will act should such occur, A Coroner's in
quest was held over the body of Thompson this morning,
and inquests are now being held over tue bodies of the
Cuinese. All of the dead will be buried thia afternoon.
Negro-alley, the scene of the riot, is similar to your
Chinatown, oniy the bouses aro one-story adobes with.
out any windows. It isa perfect vest of thieves, pros‘i
tutes, and murderers, 9ithvugs fronting immediately on
the chief bueiness portion of the city. The city Is now
in the greatest stato of excitement. Knots of men are
congregated in every direction talking of tle tragedy.
I: is reported taat about 40 of the Chinese belonging to
the other company left town during the thine of tho dis
turbance last evening. Ouly one of the parties who shot
at the officers and citizens has been identified among the
dend. The other gullty ones have escaped, while the
rost of tuose banged are supposed to be {unocent,
The Dock Commissioners eranted permigsion
Ane Jock Lommissioners gianicu Hid 8 DleT. 3}
to Nchlinger, Smith Co., yesterday, to build a pier, at
their awn expense, at tie fout of Paris soventivel E.R.
Blips were ordered to be dredeed at Plers Nos. 53 and 54,
and at the foot of YIniy-aighid st E. R., and at the foot
of Forty-sixth, Fifty-seventh, and Boventy-ninrih-sts,, N,
R. The District Superintendents reported that, on Mon
day, there were lying at the wharves, on the North River
side of water front, vesscls of a total tunnage of 104,083
and upon the East River, of 127,638. The Superintendent
of Supplies submitted a roport, giving detalls of repairs
and work on the water front performed under Lis super
vicwon during the past month,
DEPARTURE OF FOREIGN MAILS.
FILMVAL, J0V. J.
Ko fteamship Maile.
SATURDAY. Nov. 4.
Mails for Earops via Liverpool, per steamship Cily of Trooklyn,
ehose at 7:30 a. m. A dupplewcutary Mail, on Vier Io. 45, N, 18
closed at 9:30 a. uw,
[All letiers deposited in Supplementary Mail must be prepaid with
double postage.
Mails fer tho German States via Dremen, per stoamship Hermann,
close at 12m.
Mails for Fronea via Brest and Iavre, por steamslip St. Laurent,
elose at 7:00 a. mw.
Melis for Heras and Moxice, by the steamship City of Merida, close
at Zp. om.
i EUNDAY, Nov. 5,
All Mails close at 1] c'slock a. m. The lousi-Office is open from 9 a
m. toll a us
MONDAY, Nov. 6,
No Stosraalil ys Maile
IEE
MINIATURE ALMANAC,
Sun riser... 0. €:32] Sunsets. iiinnn... 4:54! oon rises .iiiii. 9:34
Hid WATER THIS DAY— AM,
Sandy Hook....11:42 Gov'e Island........o.0 Hell Gate Ferry... 1:43
WIGH WATER THIS DAY -P. N.
Bandy Ho0K..eevees Gov's. Island...... 12:20 llell Gate Ferry....2:09
PORT OF NEW-YOKK ....ovvveinnrnssss« NOYEMDER 2,
CLEARED.
Rtermebip Mansa (N. G.). Brickenstein, Bremen, Oelrichs Co.
Bieamsiip Morro Custie, Alas, Havana, Atlantic Mail Steamship Co,
Bteamship Gen, Barnes, Mallory, Bavaunab, Livingston, Fox Co.
Bteamsaip Georgia, Crowell, Charleston, H. BR. Morgan Co,
c Steamship Haticras, Lawrence, Norfolk, &e. Old Dominion Steamship
0.
Eteamship Black Diamond, Meredith, Philadelphia, A. Abbett.
Kteamship Saratoga. Couch, Norfolk, City Folut, ana Ricumond, Old
Dominion Bieamsbhip Co,
Bieamship Volunteer, floes, Pla pila, to Lorillard Steamship Co,
Bteamehip O, Comstock, Drake, Philadelphia
Steamship D. Utley, Davis, Philadelphia.
Breamship Mayflower, Fulte, Philadelphia, J. Mand.
Sicanan Dingo, Johnson, Portland, J. F. Ames.
Bbip Rattler, Marsh, Melbourne, N. 8. W., R. WW. Cemeron &k Co.
hip Jaeob 5 Stamler Junison, Bye, Boyd itlacken. 4 Wend
rage (Nor.), Jorgensen eustown or ou endt,
Tetons kan.
Bark Patria (Baa), Solomon, Clugon for orders, Funch, Edye Co.
Bark Providenzia (Ital 2 Podiero, Cork or Falmouth, Blocovich k Co,
Bark Thomas Dallett (Br.), Wick, Laguayra, Dallett, Bliss Co,
Bark G. W, Rosevelt, Harrimaa, Havana, Janes BE, Ward Co,
Bark Dirigo, Mallett, Mobile, J b. Hurlbot Son.
Bo V. H, Hilt, Whaa!, Aux Osyes Brest, Bo Co.
rig Watchmate (Br.), Donnelly, Clare, N. 8., F. W, Whitney Co,
Drig Mary Celests, Fowler, Kingston, Jam., A. H. Bolomon Co.
Behr. Annie A. Holton, Gordon Cuipaa Christ, James A. Patterson,
Echr, D. V. Btreaker, Van Guilder, Charleston. Evans, Ball k Co.
Bebir. H. B, Binal), Colbert, Boston, Snow Richardson.
Sotir. Maid of the Mist, Smith, Jsemel, Morrison Bartow.
Seal Abbie Perkins Br), Hatfield, Moncton, N. B., Crandal), Ber.
eaux Co.
Sehr. Hattle, Mc(lintock, Savannah, Bentley, Miller Co.
Behr. Billow, Ames, Boston.
Schr. Dart, Johoson, Stamford.
Bchr. B, P. Goodwin, Waterbury, Stamford.
Schr. Falcon, Wheeler, Derby.
Bloop Oregon, Wiison, Providence,
ARRIVED.
Rteamstip Coltmbia fpr.) Bua, Glasgow Oct, 14, and Morville 16th
tani aaa. i0 Heterton [ott oeton, X. Gu, with mdse
tor, n, N.
Lom iam bor, Toeman, ng to
wil u. McLaren (of Eastport, Me,), Dyer, Bydney, O. B., 9 days,
Bark Gazelle (Br.), Davidson, Wentworth, N. 8., 15 days, with plaster,
Brig Laura Gertrude, Brisk, Galveston 31 days, with cotion. Pager.
Brig Deeidido (Pors.), Bras, Lisbon 30 days, with salt.
Brig Castilian, Richards, Pensacola 26 with lamber,
Brig Dominion (Br.), White, Windsor, KN: B., 15 days, with 30 tons
pa, Abble IH. Hodegman, Eaton, Lepreaux, N. B., 15 days, with
Seb. Rosewel), Cobb, Norfolk, days, with rallroed ties.
dag i aie (of Newburyport), Blanchard, Truxillo, Hond., 16
r. Crusoe, Robinson, as 8 days, with lumber,
Behr. Delmer, Treland, pein x LY) days, with naval stores.
DoMestio BORA,
Poston, Nov. 2.—Arrived, gr Nereus, from New-York.
ORTHESS Moxnom, Nov, 2.—Arrived, brig Roman, from Navasse,
3 ordercd to Richmond; brig Arietta, from 84. Johns for Baltimore,
sased out, steamabip Austrian, for Idverpool
Quamvatowy, N Mok gL 4g Hie) ttan, Capt, Pri
Nov. 3.<The p Manhattan, Capt, Priea, from
New Yorx Oot. 31, for Prins R bere this worning, and pro
te DISASTERS,
n NDoN, Nov. 2.—~The sbip Hannah Morris, Capt. Morris of Windsor
LL frym New-York Oct, 2 for Londonderry, 1 likely to prove a total
The bark Rangoon, C N
bobo pt me Eh pe neog to Star, X. 8. W.
Wor Latest Bhiw Mews se¢ FUth Page.)
48 ls
FRIDAY. Nov. 3.
MINIATURE ALAMANACT
SIIr2ING INTELLIGENCE.
PROCLAMATION!
WAVY BSW ARVIL
The above reward is hereby offered to any Jorn who shall eanse the
arrest and conviction of ay other person for illegal voting, by reason of
having falsely fosMeded bis vote under false personation; or of having
firea a false residence oof registering himself or caus! himself to
registered in wore one district or of having Tegnere imself
when be was not a citizen, nor entitled bo vote because of non-residence
or deficient term of Teissaony or of having committed perjury in speed
10 any sot of registration; er for the arrest of any other person whe may
commit perjury In respect to the right of voting) or who shall have
frandulently tampered with any Regist fata, or generally committed
any offense against any of ile Rogisiratitn tatates of this State, or who
may commit any Doula aunt the Election Laws of the State. Bald ar
rests and conviction to be had and obtained under and by virtne of the
pute Laws, and evidenced by the proper certificate of the County Dis
triot. Attorney Oct 3 A 4 ‘A. OAKEY HALL, Mayor,
ad ilty of willful and corrupt A
shall bo adjudged guilty of wih AION 0: POT
or deficient term of reqjdence; or of Raving commited pCiyuiy i= 12°F"
to any aot of registration; pod Wh spin b any other person whe may
rT res ages of toting 1 of ho lh a
raudulently tampered with an y
any offense against any of tle Rogittratiin Farner 51 this Stats, or who
ma vou $n sffabbe aguinet the Election Laws of the State. Bald ar
po A and econiction to and obtained under and by virtue of the
bute Laws, and evidenced 3 te proper certificate of the County Dis
tzjct- Attorney. —Oct. 3, 167 A, OAKEY HALL, Mayor,
nl
PENALTIES FOR VIOLATING THE ELEC
TION LAWS,
Electors will Plgme take notice of the following provisions of law
regulating REGISTRATION and ELECTIONS in this city, and of the
stringent PENALTIES for violation of such provisions.
tion of perjury,
Hiracted by the law in cases of willful and corrupt perjury.
BO rrp perjury
EXTRACT PRON GNXEAL Erecriow Law op 182—Tirue VIL
BECTION L
I* any elector, challenge! as unqualified, shall be gallty of willful and
eorrapt false swearing or affirming, in taking any osth or afirmaton pe,
scribed by this elapter, suck person shall fo adjudged guilty of w ful
sad corrupt perjury.
guilty of a feloar,
4 who »i2ll aon fH t
Ivory perso Who ounll willfully and co procure any perfon to
swear or ulirn falsely, ve aforesald, ih Bar Aduiged goilty oFantorna.
tion of perjury: and shall, upon conviction thereof, sutfer the puuishmend
directed by tLe law in cases of willful and corrup$ perjury.
the time a legally qualified voter, or who shall kap#iogly permit any per
son 10 Le registered as an elector in an sasumed nue, or who shall cause
SBUTION 2,
If any officer on whom any dnty is ea jviged In this chapter, or in we
statute relating to elections, shell be ity of any willful ne lect of suc
duty, or of any corrupt conduct in the execution of the same, and be
thereof couvicted, he shall be Ceered guilty of a misdeameagor, pavishs
ahle by fine or Imprisonuent; the fine in no case to exceed the sua of
five bundred dollars, yor tue Wpiivonent the term of ono year.
shall knowingly and willy permit or suffer any Jorn to vote at an
SBOCTION 4.
Tn case any Inspactor of Election shall knowingly and willfully permit
or sulier any person Lo vote at any election who is” not entitled to vote
thereat, the raid luspector ao offending shall, on conviction thercof. be
ajndged guilty of x irdemeanor, ana shall be sentenced of afne of
five boudred Gollars, aud be lmpracned in the County Jail for six
mouths
SECTION 5.
Heny perzon shall, bribery, v.enace, or other corrnt means or de
vice whatsco vor, directly or fudireeily, attempt to infuerce eny el ctor
of 11) Btate in giving lis ote or valor, or deer Lin fiom £ving tle
snine, or disturb or binder yp in the free exercise of the ng t of suf
fran, at any election withln this Btate, held pur uaat to this chapter, and
shall thereof be convicted, such pero so of wing and convicted shall
be adjudged gnilty of a inisdemesnor, and be ned or imprisone), acco
ing to the discretion of tie Court before which such conviction ball Ls
hat; arch five tn to carp to exceed five haodred dollars, nos such np. isons
n.cnt vie yoar,
RT.CTION 8.
No person shall franlalently or deccitfully ehange or elter 8 ba'lnt of
any eceior, vor shall furnish any clector any Paltot containing more than
the proper number of names, or cause any other deceit to ie praciced,
with intent fraudulent]; to induce such elector to deposit the same as bis
vote, anu thereby to Lave thc seme thrown out and not counted.
SECTION 9.
Every person offending ageln.t tie Lravislous of this act aball bo
deemal guity of a mi<lemeanor, punishable by fine not exceeding two
hundred aud £fly doliare, or oy J} ris a Bot exceeding six mouths,
SECVION 10,
If any person stall willfally dieobey aor lawfal commands of the Dorrd
of Trspeetors of eny election, or sir«ll willfully and without lawful author.
it, obstruct. hizder or delay any elector on hfs way to acy poll wiece an
clection stall be held, or while he is exercising or attempting te exvreise
the right of voting, or slsi!l aid or sasist in sich obstruction or dela, 16
shall, on conviction, be adju'ged guilty of a misdemesnor, snd Le hue a
a suti not exceeding 440 hundred aud fly dollars, an! uis/ be lu prv.ed,
at the discroiion of the Court, for not wore than six mouius.
FECTION 1).
Any person who, at any geueral or special election, or city or cherter
election, shall knowing'y vo'e, or offer $0 yote, in any leetion distz et in
whieh he does not resile, execjt an Lereinhefore provided, or who shail
vote or offer to vote more than ones at the same election, tower in tle
same or io any other clectiou district, shail, on conv (tion, Le adjudg
guilty of a misdemeanor, and puaisbuble by foe not sxreading tho bund
red dollare, or by iw risonment not paceed:cg oly montis, or by both, us
the court may direct: and section niuetern of title six, chapter one, of
tLe fourth part of she Revised Station 18 Jereby repealed,
SECTION 12
Ryery rerron who shall procare. aid, assist, ecuntel, or advise anather
to give or olier his vote at envy Jeri town, aty or charter clecsion,
knowing that the person is not duly qualified to vote atte pee wiers
the vote is given or otiered, shall, on conviction, be adjudged guilty ofa
1wisieme. nor, acd pusisbable as prescribed in the last preecding section
of this bible,
RECTION 13.
Every person who shall procure, aid, Lon, counsel, or advise another
to go or come into any tows, ward, or election district, for Lie purpose of
girtoy ha vote at any gerens), special, town, or ety election, knowing
that the person is not duly qualified to yute in such town, or wanl, or
election district, shall, on conviction, be deemed guilty of a wisdewcauor,
and punishable as prescribed br tie tenth seciion of this title.
SECTION 14
Any person not daly quibsed to vote under the Laws of this State,
who shall knowingly vote or offer to vote at any general or special, tony
or charter election in this Ntate, shall be adjudged guile of a mises
meanor, and, 03 evnviction, shail be imprisoned for a {Stio not exceed
fug six months, st the ciseretion of the Court before which the offen=e is
tried. And any inbabitant of another Btate or coun'y who shall vote or
olier to vote at any geueral, syecisl, town, or city charter eiection in this
State, shall be auiged guliy of a felony, and, on conviction, shall be
fmprisoned in the State Prison for a penad not excecding one year, at
the discretion of the Court before which the eiense Ls tried. Audit skall
be tie dnty of the Distiict-Attorner, in the county where the cfsuce
shall hove been commiticd, to adopt eff etual weasures for the punisie
went of all who, without bis g legally quzlived, suatl vote, or attempt 10
vute, at ay elcction in Mis State.
BECTION 15,
1¢ shall be the daty of every lrasp ctor of Flectlons, Sheriffs, Consta
bles, and Justices of the Peace withia this Sate, knowing that an oJenso
Las heen committed vroar this cet. or baviag good rousor to believe that
an ofiense lies een committed, to give information tiereol to the Listiict
Attorney of the county in which the oflcase shall Luce ben eomuitte!
whi se duty it slioli 1¢ to adept eficctur] measnzes for the pumishwent of
all persons violadug the provisions of this ack
FECTION 16.
It shail ba the dnty of the presuing judge of every Conrt of General
Ses-ioas of the Peace or Oy or and Terniner, within this btale, speci Hy
to charge the Grand Jury, at eaeli term of sail Uoort, $0 (ake notice of all
off Lvs cosuicted in violator of «nv of the provisions of this act,
EXTRACT PROM C71p. 740 or Lave or 1865,
SUCTION LL
1t,hall be the duty of the said Irspeetors and Canvetsers,
respectively, to Le in constant attsadance danng the bows allott for the
dixehirge of Uae v several duties; avd any lInspectoror Canvasser who
shail vi fully at sent hunself from bis duties, lsaviug less than a majority
of Lis Board, wali be decued Jans of a mis!emeansr, and, on couvistion
thereof, shall be pruisted hy fine, not legs than twenty<ive dollars, nor
more than one hundred dollars. Ary person acting as snch luspector or
Canvasser, without the qualification herein pre cribed, acd any person
who shall pay or canse to be paid for the services of snch Tospector or
Canvasser, or who shall willfuliy or Svawingly appoint or consent to ap
point auy such officer without such quaiiteation, s'all, om conviction
Leo ceemed guilty of a wisicmeanor, and shall be pouished
therefor accorciug to law,
SECTION 7.
Tiyerr elector ot the time of offering his vote, shall if re.
quired, troly stats the atrect in which he res es; and if the house, lodg
ing. or tenement in which be reeiles 4 numbered, the numlbe. thereof,
"and the Clerks of the polls shall truly eater, in the uppropriate eowan of
the gol List, opnosite the uname of the elector, the street in which the
elector resides, and the pumber, in casa the houee, lodgziog, or tenement
is nambered apd 1 the same is not numbered, then tue Glen shail eater
“not numberad” in the column of the pel list for entering the nimber,
ard In ease of refusal to make the statsiaent, as aloresaid, the vote of
such elector shall net be received. Any person who shail willfally make
soy false statement in relation thereto, shall be deemed guilty of a isda.
meanor, and shall, apon conviction, be puaished witha fre of fifty dollars,
or by imprisouinent in the county jail of the county, or the sity prion of
tL erty whero such voter oilers to vote, for a period of teu duys, or by
both clch bue and umprisvnicert,
SECTION 12
Any one of the Taspectors may, at any anthorlized meeting of the Boar,
Mjwihiser the oath ar oaths naw reqaired by law to test tue qualilication
of electors, aud may also administer on the day of the maki g and comples
tion of the list, to soy elector of the district woo may be otirn=l ns a wit
ness to prove the qualification of a7 person claiwing the nght to be
registered, the following outh: You do swear, or alr, that you are un
elvetor of this election district; that you will fully and tru'y answer all
snch questions as sball be put to you touching the place of resklence and
otler qualifications, as an elector, of the person now claiming the r ght
to be registered as a vot r in this district.” And whoever shall willrully
swear {alsely upon sach examination, shall be dvomeu guilty of perjury.
SECTION 14
Any person who shall canes Lis uame to be registered in more than ona
eleation Gistiict, or who shall cause his name to be registered, know ug
that be is uot a qualitied voter in the ward or district where said registry
is made, or who shal) falsely personate any registered voter, and any per
son fasing any soch act, or alding or abetting M0] pertv in any manner
in either of said acta, shall be punished for cach and every offense by im
prisonment in the Biate Prison for not less than ona year. All false
swearing before sald Board of Kegistration sinall be. deewed willful and
corrupt piky and, on convictien, punished as such. If any mewber or
edicor of sald Bosrd shall willfully violate any of the provisions of this
act, or he guilty of suv frand in the execution of the duties of Lis oilico,
he <in!l be punished for each and every offense by Imprisvument in tle
State Priseu (or not lees than one year,
EXTRACTS PROM CHAP. 45 op THR Laws or 1074,
SECTION 29.
(Amended In accordance with See. 76 of the Charter of 1370.)
It Is hi reby made the duty of The Police Fores,” at all times of the
day and night, acd the members thereof are accordingly hereby thereun‘o
empowered, 10 expecially preserve the publie peace, prevent erime, de
tect and arrest offenders, suppress riole and insurrections, protect the
rights of persous snd propery. guard the public bexlth, preserve onler at
every priuary and public election, and enforce every law relat.
ing to the suppression aud puu:hment of crime, or to the cbscrvauce of
Sunday, or regerling pawubrokers or mock sactions, or emigration, or
elections,
SECTION 30,
The sever] members of ther ciee force shall have power and anthor.
ity to fmmweliately arrest, without warrant, sod to take ivto eastody any
person who shell commut, or threaten, or attempt to ecwmit, in the pres.
ence of such men der, or within lis view, any breach of tie peace. or of
fense directly prohibited by act of the Legislatare, or Ly any ordi.
nance of the city. town, or village within which the oleusc is commitied,
tlreatened, or attempted
RECTION 43,
Tt shall he a misdemeanor, punishable by imprisonment in the county
or in the City sud Coun'y of New-York, in the Penitentiary, for not
cod than one year, nor exceeding two years, or bs fine of not less than
two hundred and fifty dollars, for any person, without justifiable or excus
able cause, to use, or to incite any other person to use,” personal vio
lence upon any elector, or on any electionday, op
upon auy weuiber of tue police force (hereof when lu the discharge of bis
duty.” M
BECTION 49.
It shall not ba lawful for any person or persons to erect, meintaln, oc.
eupy, or have any booth, box, or structure for the distribut.on of ballots
at 4a election within one bundred nnd fifty feet of any foling rlace, and
it shall be the duty of the police firce, or uny member thereof, to prevent
any booth, or box, or structure for the distribution of tickets at any elec
tion from being erected or maintained within one bundred and 8fty feet
of any pollivg place within the cities aforesaid, and to summarily remove
any such booth, box, or structure, or close and prevent the use co
Bxrraor rrox Crap. 383, Laws oy 1870,
SECTIONS 2-3.
It is a misdemeanor for Inspectors, or other officers of election to re
ject the vote of a colored man, except for like causes 28 would wake it
It is a misdemeanor for Inspectors, or other offcers of election to re
ject the vote of a colored man, except for like causes 28 would wuke
their duty to reject the vote of a white man.”
ExTrACTS FYROM Crap, 133, or THE Laws or 1870,
BRCTION 8.
(AS ALLE, ded 1671)
29. [4 winded Tn addition to the exiting provisions of law gov
erning the action of Inspectors of Elections In the City of New-York
when acting as registers, the said Inspectors shall hold meetings as reg
isters on the Wedusadar, Friday and Saturday preceding the day of elee
tio, and aball sit from 9 o'clock In the forenoon until o'clock in the
evening on each of said days, and shall enroll sud 4pplivasts for rg
tion as shall them or on the day of election be q ed voters. On the
day of any election, in case on i of presents himself who is not reg
tered, the Inspector sball require such elector to make oath as to ihe
cause of his failure to register, and if the excuse be deemed sufficient by a
majority of the Inspectors, such elector sball be Jermitted to vote The
sane as if his name was registered. The right of such elector to vote,
however, shall be subject to the usual challenge, but the same as if he
had been registered. The oath of any such non-registered elector as to
his excuse may be taken before sa Pom sembrsut to administer oaths
in the City and oust of ow-York, and by of the Inspectors or
poll clerks at the Jo where said elector shall offer his vote, and any
such officer applied to to administer such oath shall do #0, and subscribe
the same without charge therefor, and all such oaths shall be fled with
the poll book filed with the County Clerk.
Tospestor of Klestion of Hopiawss vba ap rian
An etion or w olate any of the
ir La of section nine, shall be deemed guilty of a jelous ph) upon
conviction shall ht puniabed by imprisonment in the Prison for
a period not lees one or more than five years, and shall be forever
thereafter dlsqualified from Yolding shy office of homor or emolument in
this State.’ And any person eon of improperly interfering with any
challenger, or any person designated as above provided, de scrutinise the
esnvass, shall be deemed guilty of misdemeanor, and upon conviction,
EE ea nment 5ot less than six moaths nor more
than one year
prohibited from la assisting in the
All persons are ng n or ng in the canvas
and estimates of votes as aforesaid the, Tuspeciors of Election
and Poll-Clerks of each district. Any person axainat this last
provision shall be deemed PO TH iu Punished as for a misdemeanor,
Casal, Broadway, Walker sed SA
The Seventh Ward shall be divided into nineteen el Min the
extent and limits of which sald election districts shall le] a follower wl
Firs of the Seventh Ward sha eautaly si
rn oy Houry at pou ba Se Ward shall contain all thas
samt Bh TALE AL
The aeting of any Inspector of Election or Poll-Clerk, withons
ont having taken sb sabaeribed te oath o afirmatiou required by law,
shall be deetaed to 0 a8 a misdemeanor,
BECTION 2%,
Any person who shall knowingly register or cause himself to be regis
tered a voter in any Lode) Bb in which be is not at the oy M
Qualified voler, po ila be ls not legally entitled to vote, shall be
arket-st, 0 wy
naa i Tog wd kia iE roti
gulity of felony.
judg a CTION
w knowingly vote or offer to vote at any Flection,
wl Riveton Distriet in whieh A is not at the time Frey ent thd te
vote, or who shall vole more than once at any such Election, or who
shall Dereousto BAY VALGE ROEIUR, UE Drutanded av Setitiang sagen. sod
nts igh Keetias Hatsiet of the Hoveath Ward shall contalg ld tial
@orporation Notices.
Mo amy SR FU 1 RN XD ep ln Wha ual gi uw Oi an ana A Az
mentioned. pail de Sentenced to tue State Prison for a term not less thas
oue, DOr wore ve jeArs.
Lleetion, who A not entitled to vote thereat, the said Inspector 80 0
ing shall, on conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of a felony. Any per
SECTION 2.
Any Inspector of Election, of other officer, whose dnty it shall be to
canvass or ald in tue canvass of the votes cast at any Elcetion, who shal
fraudulently miscount the same, or who shall make any false or fraulu
Int retar) of the votes cast, or who shell frandulently omit to make true
and accurate returns of the votes actually cast at any election; aud ever)
per-om who shail in any manner {neite or induce any Inspector of Election
or other officer, na nforesaid, to franuulently miscount the votes casi, ol
to make any false or fraudulent refurn ol such votes, or to omit to make
true and and accurate retuin of the voics sstaally cast at any Election
and avery person who hall frandul n'ly alter or change in anv 1 anne
ane retnins of votes wade by any Inspector of Blectioz or other of rer
glial’, upon conviction, be adjunged gni'ty of 8 felony, sud shail be sen.
encod 10 the tite rises for a term uot lees than two nor wore than lve
years.
RECTION 34.
It is horhe made tha esrerial daty of th( District Attorrar of the
County 0” New-York to imme Lately proseente all complaints ‘vhioh may
be made of a violation of any of the provisivns of this act to tinal judg:
ment, and al! indictments found for oii-nses committed ander this ac!
suall be tried in the Court of Over and Teiminer, rud the Conrt before
who any conviction fur a v.olstlon of any of the provisions of this act
sball be Lad shall uot 1n any case smsjeid sentence or Jud went,
NECTION 35.
A provisions of the Rlection Laws of the ®¢ata  inclading the pro.
visions provid'ng renaltivs 107 2 v olatiin of Any of suel provisions not
incon: iz ont with t.8 act, 416 Lcreiy wusle rpplicable to at! Ele tous fa
the Cis of New-York, A. 0K HALL, Mayer,
Counevs Coanoy, Clic of the Bureau of Elect ond
PrROCLAM ATION 1"hereas, By Seetion 19
of Clagter 133 of the Laws of 1470, a8 amended by Section 3 of
Chapter 552 uf tha Lume «F270, ibis iecited as fo. lows
“Vi stall be ti e doty or the Comicon Coane of the City of New-York
of of besore the G07 dae of Bey 1a.er, in the year eight.en buuldred and
ov etyme oad in oe ch resr thereafter, to redistrict the city, so that
eel elo tion dst ef shod) contain uot more than four bLandred electors,
taking tr: ote of the preceding election rs a basis. If the Coirmon
Conus sh llin any yar uegleet so to redistrict the city, the Mayor shall,
oor before the t.n h day of teptember, br proclamation, establish the
bonnd cries of the election districts, as above prescribed” and
15 erong. The Common Counc] have neglected so to relistrict the
city, I] reby, on this ninth day of September. A.D. 1871, proclaim that the
boundaries of the election districts have been established by we iu cou
formity with the said power opined in me, and are as follows:
FIRST WARD.
The Pirst Ward shall he divid into nine election dia‘ricts, the extent
an) limits of whish said election diztriots shall be as follows:
‘The First Biection Disirdct of the First Wand shall contain all that
pari of the eity boended by and lying within Liberty-st., Nossau-st., Ce
dar st., and Hulse a or North River.
"Ihe Sceond Election D strict of the Pirst Ward shall eontain aft that
part of the eity bounded by and lying wit! in Cedar-st, Broadway,
Thawes-st., Greenwich-:8 Albzny it., an. Hud«on or North River.
The Third Election District of the Kirst Ward shall eont on all that
int of the city boun'ed by ard lying within Liberty-sb. Maiden lane,
ast River, O11-siip, Willixm-st., Beaver-st., Broad-st., and Nassau-st,
"TLe Fourth Election Distact of the First Ward shall contain all that
part of the city bounded by and Iving within Reetor-st., Bradvy, Wall
Broal-st.,, Leavei-at., Bowling Green, Batiery-place, and Green~
wich-st.
Tle Iifth Plection Distrist of tha First Warl shall contain all that
1% of the eity homudel by and lying w thin Thawes-st., Broadway. Ce
st., Nasgan-st.,, Wail-st., Broadway, Rectorst., and (reeawich-st.
The Sixth lection District of the First VVard shall contaln all that
fart of the city bonnded by and lying within Albany si. Greeawled-st.,
stor-st., and Hudson or North liver,
Tho Seventh Biection District of tiie Fit Ward sha!l contain all that
part of the city bormded by and lying within Gieenwicu-si., Baticry
place, Yuihiegton oi, and Morris-st.
The Eighth Elect.on District of the Pirst Ward shall contain all that
art of the city bounded by and lying within Roactor-st., OGrecawict-st.,
 iiiobey Washingtoa-st., Batters-placa, and tIndsou or Nort: River,
The Nints Eiestion District of tie Fit Waal shall estan all that
pai of the city bovaied hy aud Ising witLia Boaver-st., Will o-ai, Old
slip, East River, Halson or Nerth River, Battery-ploce aud Bowiag
Green, inclading Governor's, Bedloc's, and Ellis's 1alands.
SECOND WARD,
The Second Ward shall be d'vil.d inio two election districts, the ex
tent and lioits «f which 811d election districts shall bs as follows:
ihe First Elestion District of the Sec yd Wand shall contain all that
part of tie city bonds! by aud lying wivin Browlwey, Perk dow, Spruce
st, Goldest,, Ferry at., Peckeslip, 11st River, and IF ton-st.
The “ecotd Eien District of tue Second Ward shall contain sll that
part of the city hoomled hy and [ying within Broaiway, Fulton st, wast
River, Maidea-lane, aud Libert, -st,
THIRD WATID,
The Third Ward shal be divided into five election districts, the extent
aad Tims of which said election wisteicts shall be as 1 Jive:
‘The Virst Election District of the Thind Ward sha!l erntain all that
sart of the city bonded by and ivlng within Reale-si, Broa iwar, Cua
Pil Washington-st.. Wareen-sf., and Hudson or Nora River,
The cecond Ble sion District of tha Thi d Ward shall contain el! that
part of the elty boarded by and lying wickin Warrsn-st., Wes unglou-st.,
Chambers st.. Broadwar, 2urray-si., and Huason or Norta River.
The Third Election Distret of the Lhird Ward shall coztuia all that
part of the gy) bounde vy and lying within Marra; -st., Broaiway, Dar
Slay. and Hodson or North River.
Fourth Election Distriot of the Third Ward shall contain all thas
po of tue city bounded by and lying within Darclay-st., Broadway,
ulton-st., and Hadson 0: Nerth River.
The V¥ifth Election District of the Third "War! shal’ contain all that
i rt of the city bounded by and lying within Fultou-st., Broadway,
iberty-st., and Hudson or North River.
FOURTH WARD,
The Foerth Ward shell be divided into thirtean cleetion districts, the
ext-u: and Kmits of which sail aleetion di rict sazll he us follows:
The First Election District of toe Foaria Wan sbull contain ali chat
Be of the city bonnded by end lying within East River, Dover-st.
Pesstat Praunfort-st., Nessauest.,” Bpruce-st., Gold-st., Ferr,-st., and
eek ho,
"Plie Second Election District cf the Fonrth Ward shall contain all that
Jan of the city huusded 57 and lyiug within Praokfori-st, Rose st, Mad
200-5t., [oosereit-st., and Chatham-st.
The Tiird Blecsion District of the Pourth Ward ehall contain all that
part of tie eity bounded by sad lying within kraokfort-st., Vandewater
st., Pearls, and Rose-st.
The Yourth lection Distriet of the Fourth Ward shall eontain all that
pan of tie aity bounded by and lytug within Fraukfori-st., Peasl-st., and
anlewater sty
The Fit Livetion District of the Fourth Ward shall contain all that
gn of the sity bounded by and lying withiu Cherry-si., Roosevelt-st.,
adisonest., snd Pearl-st,
Toe SMxdh Bleetion bistriet of the Fonrth Weed shall contain all that
jon of the eity bounded by and lying within East River, Rocseveli-at.,
Jucrry-st., and Dover-st. i
he Seventh Election District of the Fourth Ward shall contain all that
part of tue city bounded by aod 1jicg withia Qax-st., Juraes-se., Chaiam
st... and Rooseveltast,
"Mie Eighth Kleetion District of 14s Fourth Ward shall contain all that
part of the city bounded by and lyiog within Cherty-st,, Juwcs-st., Oak:
ot, and Roosevelt st.
The Ninth Election District of the Fourth Ward shall contain all that
part of the ity bounded by and lylag within Hast River, James-slip,
Chorry-st., aud Roosevelt-st
The Tenth Blection Distict of the Fonrth Ward shall contain all thas
part of the oity bounded by aad Iylog within Oak-st., Oliver-st., Caatham
st, and James-at.
The Eleventh Election District of the Ponrth Ward shall esnta in all
that part of the eity bonnled by and lying wiikin Bast Eiver, Oliver-st.,
Oas-st., Jawes st, and James-aiip.
The Twel th Bleciion Dste'er of tha Fourth Ward shall contain all
that part of the city hounded by and lving within Oak-st., Catuarive-st.,
Divislon-st., Chatbam-squ.r», East Broadway, and Oliver-st.
pi Thr eet Eieetion Dine of the Fourts Ward shall contain all
at part of the city bounded by au witlua Bast River, Ustharwe
eh., Oak-st., and Oliver-st, i flag Ie
FIPTH WARD.
The 7:0h Ward shall be divid:d ioto ten election districts, the extent
and limits of which said election districts shall be as follows:
‘I'he First Elsction Distriet of the TI: Ward shall contain all that
pont of the city hoanded by and lying within Desorosses-st., Hudson-si.,
‘anal-at., and ilatson or North River.
‘The Seeond Elvetion District of the Pifth Ward ehall contain all that
pt of the oity bonudad by and Ising within Laight-st., Hudsoa-st.,, Dos
rosses-st., and Hudson or North River,
The Third Blection District of the Fifth Warl shall contain all that
part of the city bounlel by aud lying within Boashi-st., Hudsousok., Laigut
st., and iladson or North River.
The Fourth Election Disirict of the Fifth Ward shall contain all that
Jaa of the cit bonzded by and lying within Frauklin-st,, Hulsoi-st,
each-st., and Hudson or North River,
The Fifth Rleotion Distzict of the Fifth Ward shall contain sll that
Ie of the city bounded by and lying within Beach-st., West Uroadway,
Sana ot Broudwy, Cauul-st., ana Halsou-<t
he Sisth Bleetion District of tii: Vifth Ward shall contain all that
Jato the city bounded by sud 1,ing within North Moore-st., West
roadway, White-st., Broadway, Lispenari-st., West Broadway, Beach
st.. and Hadson-st,
Tha Seventh Rlection District of the Fifth Ward shell contain all that
part of the $AY boanded by and lyirg within Leotari-st.,, West Broad:
ho Worth-st., Broadway, White si, West Broadwa;, North Moore st,
aud Hudson-et.
The Bighth Election Distniot of the Pifth Wani shall contain all that
put of tue city hounded Ly sud 1viug within Juy-st., Hulsou-st., Frank.
-st., and tiadson or North River.
The Ninth Election District of the Fifth Ward shall contain all that
pes of the i bounded Y vu lying within Reade-st., Broadway,
Vorth-st.,, West Broadway nard-g*., and Hadson-st.
The Teuth Election District of the Fifth Wand stall contain all that
part of the city bounded hy aud lying witbin Reade-st., Hudson st., Jay:
st., and Hudsou oz North River.
SIXTH WARD.
The Sixth Ward shall be divided inte fourteen election districts,
the extent and limits of which said election wistricts shail be oa fol ws:
The First Bleeiion District of the Sixth Ward shall contain ail thal
jaa of the eity bounded by and Iiog wikia Chambers-st., Centie-st.
pant of the city boundel by and lving within Bast T'welith-at., Aveasd
earl-st., Broadway Park-row, and Chatham-st,
The Second Kiection District of the Sixth Wand shall contain all tha
part of the ony bounded by aud lying within Chatbam-st., Pearl-st., Cen
tre-st., and Chambers st.

ast
‘be Second Election District of the Eleventh Ward shall contals
gion of the city ws od by aad lying within East Eleventh
"The Third Election District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all that
fo of the city bounded Vi) an) lying within Chatham-st., Baxter-st.
Aree Bt Te avict of the Klerouth Ward shall contain all i
‘orth-st., Certre-st., and Pearl-st,
The Ponrth Election District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all that
i of the city bounded by and lyiug within Worth-st., Baxter-st., Frank
of the city bounded by a
Eat Eleventh-<t., and Be
iy Jet of the Eleventh Ward shall conta
“be Fourth Eisetion Dist Ay \yiug within igh Snanb,
that of tie eit ousted, by
in-st., and Centre-st,
The Fifth Election District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all that
part of the Sty byvuded by and lring within Broadway, Walker-st., Bl
st., White-st., Baxter-st., and Fravklin-ss
Kast Tenth-st., veuae C. ae
Teetiun District of the Eleventh Wand shall contala sll
Ton Beet hounded by aad lying witsln Seveatb-at., Arsh
The Sixth Election District of the Sixth Wand shall contain all tha
hth-st., ani Avenue C.
jn of the city bounded by and lying within Pearl-st., Ceotre-st., Fruok
n-st., and Broadway.
~The Beventh Election District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all that
part of the city bounded by aud lying within Park-st., Mulberry-st., Bay
tion District of the Eleventh Yard shall contain a
a eounded by abd lying within Fifta-st., Avense B, Sevsd®
1s of the
Ly C
ot, and Avenoe C. a
Election Distriet of the Eleventh Ward shall coats
omar of city bounded by aad lylng within Third-sh, Aves
ard-st., and Baxter st,
The Righth Klection District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all that
Fifth-sb venue oa
Elghth Election Distriet of the Eleventh Wand shall costsld
part of the city bounded by aud ling within Chadians, Most sh Day
i. of the city bounded by asd lying within East Houstoush, 4%
-s8., Mulberry st.
Ye Nioth Wrsonion District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all that
of the sity booted by and lying within Clatbaw-st., the Bowery,
and-st, 2 otha.
The Tenth Election Distriet of the Bixth Ward sball contain all that
i of the ity bumaicd by and lying within the Bowery, Canal-st, Eliza
poe B, Third-st., Avenue C, o
The Ninth on Distriet of the Eleventh Ward shall contala
rt of the ty bounded by and lying withia East Houstou-st., Aves
Tr and Avenue D,
The Tenth Election District of the Rieventh Ward shalt contin
(hat part of the elty boanded by and lying within Fifth-st, Aves
beth-st,, and Bayard-st.
The Rleveuth Blectivn District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all thal
Beventh-st., and Avenue D,
The Kievoath Rlection District of the Elarenth Ward shall conth
past of the alty bonded by and lylag within Bayard-st., Blisabeth-st.,
-st,, and Mott-st.
Twelfth Election District of the Sixth Ward shall contain all that
thai past of the bounded by sad lyiag withia Seveath-st, 4
East Tenth-st,, and Avene D, conti
bi ah boupdnd by and lying within Mott-st., Canal-st, M
st, and Bayan
iad ih “Blection District of the Sixth Ward shall contain
Ta the city bounded by and lying within Malberry-st., Canalst.,
4 avand- n
oarteenth Klection District of the Sixth Ward shall eon
wal was Bo ed by and lying within White-st., Baxterst.,
Distrect of the Kleventh Ward shall
that part of the city bounded by and lying within Seventh-ot., Ar
Bast eath-st.. and East River,
The Thirteenth Risotion District of the Eleventh Wand
all that FL of ih ely bounded by und Ing within East Foaribé
noe OD, venth- aud East
Four'senth Election Distriet of the Eleventh Ward halo’
and withia Bast
{neteonth
vk of the sity bounded

SERENE a oe sen watt
has pars of he {sida
Bagtrk ant iodo wn
Distriet of Ward shall contsin
pe por nga a ie diel
by asd ring win Markobed, Malisonst,
ing

"The Niuth Blection of the Seventh Ward shall contain al}
part of the rion: ges lying withdn Pikest thet
Fp ETE wnsihy
3
the Seventh Ward
Phot cy Soe 7s ie Agr, Dn
The Bleventh Election District of Seventh Ward shall
that part of the eity bounded Ve within Ratgersst of
ot. Ciinton-st, and Bast River, yh
ii the ity boanded bh, i Divine
tt 0 y
Ce Eairteca end Masao]. he Sri atiad)
al Ward coms'a
that part of the city bounded by aud lying withia Clistoa-st., Madson,
Souverneorst., and Cherry-st.
The Pourteosth Election Distriet of the Seventh Ward shall contals of
that part of the uy bounded by and lying within Clinton-st,, Chorry-st,,
Gouverneur-st., Water-sh, 0, Bast River, Montgomery at,
aud Enat River,
Every person who shall wilfully aud gortnptly re Any person to
swear or afin faleely, eo aloreeaid pA be a tjadged wily suhorna
and shall, apon conviction thereof, suffer tho punishment
The Fifteenth Eloetlon District of the Reventh Ward shall contain of
Shat part of the city bounded by aod lying within Governcur-st,, Division.
st., Graud-at., Jacksoc-st., Madison-st., Bcammel-st., and Chierry-st,
The Migteenih Election Distriet of the Soventh Wand shal contain ak
Sins, and Cherry-st. of y
all that Ww of te cy At J Yio withia Gonverzear lip,
Water-st,, Gouverneur-st., Cherry-st., Jack ot, apd fo River,
If any officer on whom any duty is enjoired In thia act shall be guilty of
any willfal neglect of such duty, or of any eoirupt conduct or prac ice in
the execntion of the same, be thereof convicted, he sball be deemed
1B SPCTION 9, oc}
Ings any Insnector of Election 0% permit any person {o
TegInber tM Kt] er oy el Phd where he Is not at
The Eiguteenth Elsetion District of th Seventh War sual contain al
that part pf the city bousded by and lying within Jackson-st., Griaje,
East-st., and Cherry-st.
The Nineteenth Blection District of the Saventh Ward shall contain of
that part of the eity bounded by and lying within Jackson st, Clorry-sh,
Last-st., Water-st., Corlcars-#t., and Eas. River,
or permit anv names to he Imslaleniy placed npon any registry In any
Election District whereof he shall at the time bean I r, ot who
5 EIGHTH WARD,
The Eiguh Ward shal! be divided into twenty-three election districts,
the axtent and limit of whieh said election districts sha l he as hilo re
The First Blection District of the Eighth Ward shall contain all the
an of the city bounded by and lying witaln Charlton-st., Greenwich-s,,
‘est Honston-t., end Hudson or North River,
w See ud Blestian  Distatet of Li Eichth Ward sh all Mgt all thet
of the city honded by au ng within Caunal-st., Wasiingloa
Charlton-st., and Hudson or North River, 4 pat,
The Third Election Diriet of the Eighth, Ward ball eontan all tha
a elty bound y an wishin Canal-st., Grecnwich
Low hog and Waghinzton-st. og oy
Tee Zonk Fiection istiinh ol the Righth Warl shall conta’n #1i thas
part of tie city bound lying with.a Cagal-st., Ha lson-st.,
Bis yy eal 792 Wer SPO
The Pif'h Blection Distriet of the Righth Ward shall contain all that
part of the eity bounded by aud 1j/ug witha Canal-st., 3ullis au-at., Walle
st., aud Hudson-rt,
The tixth Eeetion Disteiet of the Eighth Ward shall contain oll thas
pint of the city boualed by sid lym; within Waliest,, Bullivaa-st.,
roome-st., Clarke-st., Dominick-et and Hadson-st,
The Seventh Election District of the Eighth Warl shall eontain a!) thay
vi of the city bounded by and lyi g within Dominick-st., Clarke ss,
onme-ct., Eullivan-st., Soring-«t., ana Hnisoa-st.
The Fi ith Elect ou Distriero! the Righth Wani aliall contala al) thay
art of the city bounce ly.og wisin Spriugst., Macloagals,
Vandamst and Greenwichst. e ilies.
The Ninth Election Distriet of the Eizhth Ward shall contsin a’! thet
pin of the eity boanied by aud lying within Vamium-st., Macdowgalst,
‘Larlton-st,, and Greeuwich-at,
The Tenth Election Distcict of the Kighth Ward shall contain all the
BE of the $y boanded by asd lyivg within Chariton-st., Varcks,
ing-st., and ree wich-st.
Ths klcveath Election District of the Fighth Ward shall contain off
that part of the city hounded by aad Iying within Chariion-st., Mae
donwal-st., Kinz-st,, and Varick-st.
The Twelfth Blection Digtdct of the Eighth Ward shall contain all thay
Jet of tie city bonnded by and lying witwn King-st., Vairick-st, We
{ouston-st., and Greeawich-24,
The Thirteenth Election Distriot of the E'ghth Ward sh.li coutaia MN]
that part of the city bounded by aud iring wiisin King-st., Macdongal-st,
West Honston-st., and Varick-st.
The Fourteen Election Distries of the Wighth Wand shall contain of
ist part of the city bousded by and Iving within Prince-st, TLou pron
st., West Hoastou-st., aud Macdoagal-st,
The Fifteenth Klection District of the Eighth Ward shall contain of
that part of the city bounded by and lyisg within Spring-st., bouts Fil
ave,, Prince-st., and Sacdongal
The Bixtesnth Blection District of the Bighth Ward shall contain of
that part of the eity bounded by and ljlog withia Droome-s., Soa
Fifth-ave., Spring-st., and Sullivao-st.
The Seventeenth Kicetion District of the Fiji Ward shall conta’n all
that part of the city bounded by and lying within Caoal-st., South Fil
ave., Droome-st., and Sullivan-st.
The Eizbteenth Election District of the Elzhth Ward hall contala
that part of the city bounded by and Jving within Canal-st., Woosicr-at,
Broome-st., Greane-st., Bpring-st., and Scath Fifth-ave.
ie Niuctessts Floction Dustics of the Eigth shal Souiuia d
that part of the aity nied by ying Ww. pring-st., Gissae
Prouceest., and Bouih Fifib-ave. ag
The Twentieth Election District of the Bighth Ward shall contain af
that part of the erty bounded by and Iylug within Priace-st., Greeoe-el,
West Hoaston-st., and Thompson-st.
The Twerbv.uat Election Distr ct of the Bighih Ward shall eontala of
that part of the city bounded by ard lying witbin Spring-st., Moreer-sd,
Priice-st., Broadway, West Hoostou-st., aad Greene: st,
Tha Twenty-second Election District of the Eighth Wand shall contais
all that part of the city bounded by avd lying within Brosme-st., Bread
way, Prinee-st., Hygrert., Suring-st and Greene-st,
The Twenty-third Election District of the Eiznth Ward «ball cont:iz of
ha pert pi'the Cty Loanded Ly and lying within Canalst., brosdwy,
Broome-st. ooster-st.
NINTII WARD,
The Ninth Ward shall be divided into twenty-three election distri,
the ext nr and lim'ts of whieh sald election districts shall be 29 (otlowss
The I ret Election Districs of the Niuth Ward shal contain sl! the
part of tue city !ounded Ly and ling witiia Little I welth-et., Niate
are. West 1 hirteen.b-sh., Eiguth-ave., West Fourteentl-si,, sug ude
or North Liver,
The Second Llection District of the Niath Ward shall contain al! the
i of the city bounded by ond Irving witain Jane-st., Eighth-ave,, Web
Irieerth-st., Ninth-ave., and Geeenwich-st,
Tie Third Elec:ion District of the Niuth Ward shall contain all that pas
of the eity bounded by and ling within West Twellthat., Grecewici dy
Nirth-ave., Little Twelfth-st., aud Hodson or North River,
The Foures Election istact of tue Niath Wand shall contain all the
part of the city bounded hy and lying within Bank-rt., Huds ou st, Jase
gt, Grecawieh-st., West Twelich-st., and Hudsen or North River.
Phe Fii.o Blection Vistriet of the Ninth Werl shall contain al ibat ps
of sie city bounded by ard lying within Perry-st., Hludsou-st., Bank,
aud Hudson or North River,
The ~ixth Faceuon istrict of the Ninth Ward ehall contain oli teh
pant of the city bounded by and lying withia Wess Cleventb-st., Wek
Pourth-st., Janest., asd Hulon-at.
The Seventh Election istrict of the Niuth Ward shall contain all the
art of the eity bonodod by aud ng witli West Tensi- Hudsons,
hi and Fudson or North River.
Tle Eigl ui E'action Dustrict of the Niuth Word shall contain all thes
art of the eit7 bauuiad by and lying wituin Christoplcr-si., Dlecckersd,
{Vest El. venti-st., and Hudson-st.
The Ninth Election District of the Ninth Ward shell coatain all aed
Rn of the city bonadea by and lying within Morton-st., Greenwich,
‘heistopier-st.. Hndgon-st., West (eathet., and Hadson or Norih Rive
The Teath Election District of the Ninth Ward shall coatain all the
il of the oity counted by aad lying within Leroy-st., Hadson-st., Cats
sher-st., Greeuwich-st., Morton-st., and Uaedsou ex North Liver,
The Bleventh Eleetion District of the Ninth Ward shall contains
that pars of the city boualed by and lying within Weat-louston st,
Gr enwiclest., Clarkson-st., Hudson st., re Big and Hudson or Neh
iver,
‘I'he Twelfth Flection District of the Ninth Ward shall contain el! the
ju of the etiy bounded by aud lying withia West Houiton-st., Varick-#,
Jowsiag-st., Bedford-st., Leroy-st. Hudson-st., Clarkson-st., and Gree
wichsi.
I'ue Thirteenth Eleetion District of the Ninth Ward shall contain of
that part of the city Lounded by and lrink wit'ia Wast Honston-=t., Cs
tage-place, Bleecker-st., Lervy-st, beaford-ss., Dowuing-st., and Var
ok-8t.
Tho Fourteenth Elestion District of the Ninth Ward shall contain dl
that part of the ay bounded by ani lylog within Canuice-st., Sixth-am,
Weat Fourth-st., Crove-st.. and Dleacuer-st,
The Fifteenth Election District of the Ninth Ward «hell contain
that part of the city bounded by aud lyiag within Buizow-st., Bivecherd,
Ubi: ope r-st., and Hudzon-st
Tha Sixteenth Election District of the Ninth Ward sha'l contain of
that part of the city bounded by and 1jiog withia Leioy-st., Blecckarst,
Barrow-st., and Hadson-st,
"I'he Feventeent’s Election District of the Nintn Ward shall contain of
that pars of tie city hoandod by and ig wition Grove st. West Foard
sb. Sixth-ave,, Groenw ieb-ave., Christophe st, and Dieccler-st
The Bight=eato Bie tion District of the Nizth Wari sia contaly of
that part of the city Louniel by 0d lyirg within Chris: pher-st., Web
Yourth-st., West Eleverth-st., and Blesckerst.
The Nineteenth Election District of tbe Niath Ward aholl contsin of
that pert of the city boundid by and lying witin Clristopher-st., Grose
wick-ave., Charles-st., and West Foarth-st,
The Twentieth “lection Distr ct of the Ninth Ward shall contshrsl
that part ofthe e Loardud by and lying within Cha.les-ss., Grecawisr
ave., Bauk-st., and West Fourth-st.
‘ii Twenty-irst Election Distri t of the Ninth Ward shall contains
that past of the city bounded by aud lying witiiu Damk-st., Gresa rid
ave, Eiji are, and We+t Fonrth-st.
The ‘Cwenty-second Election District of the Ninth Ward shall contest
all that pact of che city bound d by and lying wishin Green sich-amy
Sixth-a e., West Twelftl-ss., Neventh-a~e an West Thirtesnth-st
The ‘t went:-thinl Election District of tbe Ninth W azi shall e RY
that past of the city bounded by 2ad lying withio West ‘Lhir Sey
Fevenih-uve.,, West Twellh-st,, Sixth-ave,, West Foastecuth-ss,
Eiguib-ave.
TENTH WARD.
The Tenth Wand shall be divide. into twelv: election districts, the
teut and limi of whic sei i eleciion dis ri to shal gas foilowsd
Tha Pir. Blect.on Dostriet of the Tenta Ward shali con anall hitped
of the oy boaued by and lying within the Bowevy, Liviugion-st., Aller
st., and siancey-st.
he Secon Klection District of the Tenth Worl shal) contain all thet
art of the city bounded by and iying witiin the bowers, Alles,
D ottyern: and Eroome-st.
The Thim Election Instrict of the Tenth Warl chall contain all tab
part of tie city Louwicd by and lying wituin ue Bowery, Droemesd
Alirn-st., ant Granlest,
‘ho Poort Election District of the Terth Ward shall contain all heb
art of the city Lonuded by and lying within Alleu-st, Luv. ngroned,
Kortolk-st.. and Delancey-st,
{be Fith Elsetion District of the Tenth Ward shall cont iia #1 Ad
part of the erty Loanded by aud lying within ALcnss., Delauesy-sh, So
10ix-st., and Broomne-st,
“ne Sixth Llect.on District of the Tenth Ward shail eoutaia all heh
art of the city bounded by and lyisg with Allcn-si, sroowe-sh, Ne
Bika, and Grand-st,
The Seventh Elcetion District of the Tenth Wand shall contain all Deb
part of the city bounded by aud lying witbia Grand si, Ludlow-sk, Bb
vision-st,, and Norfolk-s%
The ghth Election Distriet of the Tenth Wand shall contain all eb
part of tue ety bounded by aud lying within Goaud-si., Alien-st., Cansh
st. and Ludlow-st.
‘The Niuth Blection District of the Tenth Ward shall contain oJ hs
part of the city bounded by and lying within Grand-st., Allea-st, Cob
st., and Forsvth-:t
‘The Tenta Election District of the Tenth Ward shall contain ofl ted
part of the city bounded by and lying within Grand-st., Forsyth
Canal-st and the Bowery.
The §leveath Election District of the Tenth Wan! shall contain ofl ted
pn of the diy bonuded by and lying wishin the Bowery, Canal,
orsvih-st., and Division-st,
"Due Twelfth Klecilon Distriet of the Tenth Wand shall eontsid
that art of the eity bounded by sad lying within Forsyibesk, Canshibe
aud bivison-st. ELEVENTH WARD
yes IEEE, Lod i Ad dg ad a To TO TU
the extent and mits of which said election districts shail be as
The Firsts Bleciion Disries of the Bleveath Ward shall contain rt
Fourteenth -st.. and East river. a

od lying within East Teathst., Avense By
wt river.
East river.