Arnr ftjmblfem.
ifFyciAU
•FFICIAL JOURNAL *0F iIEW ORLEANS
If Virginia is tbe mother of States ain't
Pennsylvania the Pa
There were no stables at tbe recent fair
in Macon. There were, however, "two
hundred and fifty splendid horse cottages."
There is but one good wife in the world,
and every happily wedded man thinks he
has her.
We mount to heaven mostly on the ruins
of our cherished schemes, finding our fail
ures were successes.
The French royal family are living mag
nificently in Paris, and occupy splendid
residences with a very extensive suite.
An opponent of the public school system
insists that if you teach a boy to write, he
is much less likely to make his mark in after
life.
An Indiana groom kissed the bride so
loudly as to extort a round ot applause
fiom the assembled audience at the wed
ding.
Susan Galton got embarrassed the other
evening and forgot the words of "Home,
Sweet Home" because the reporters stared
at her.
Go to the ladies' fair at Masonic Hall, and
contribute to your own gratification and
the funds to purchase an organ for Father
Moynihan's church.
A Chicago sufferer whose income before
the fire was $15,000 per annum, has ac
cepted a place as salesman in a Cincinnati
wholesale bouse.
A new spar cave has been discovered
near Dubuque. It is filled with magnificent
crystals and stolaotites, and in the centre is
a miniature lake of pure limpid water.
Louisville promises to be a successful
candidate for part of the commerce of Chi
cago. It hsd twelve divorce suits in one
day last week.
The Canal street dry goods dealers have
no cause to complain of dull times, as trade
is unusually brisk, and ladies are busily en
gaged in "shopping."
"Money makes the mare go," says the
old proverb; and a little money invested in
the Louisiana State Lottery often makes
the holder of lucky numbers go for his
prise.
A widower being asked his opinion of
second marriages, said that as a good wife
is a gift from the Lord, it is wise and right
to replenish as often as the supply gives
out.
The steamer Belle Lee, Captain Hicks,
arrived here from Memphis last evening
with 3839 bales of cotton and 505 sacks of
cotton seed. This is the largest cargo of
cotton received here this season.
The Board of Delegates of the Firemen's
Charitable Association will hold a special
meeting next Saturday evening at seven
o'clock, in the ball of Louisiana Hose Com
pony, corner of Carondelet and Perdido
sweets.
A young lady swooned in a Wisconsin
church, and the doctors gave her up for
dead. At the funeral she arose and gave
reasons for postponing the ceremony, which
were agreed by all the mourners to be con
vincing.
The Lingards will play at the Mobile
theatre next week. The Mobile Register
thinks they will meet a hearty reception at
the hands of the Jheatre-goipg people of
that city, who now have no amusements of
the kind.
The manufacturers of Lawrence, Massa
chusetts, have nipped a strike in the early
bud by agreeing to pay their hands here
after by the hour, instead of tbe day, leav
ing it with the operatives whether they
work six or ten hours per day.
The thanksgiving proclamation of Gov
ernor Warmoth is published this morning,
recommending the time designated by the
President as a day of thanksgiving m Lou
isiana. So we shall have a double holiday
on Thursday, the thirtieth instant.
We call attention to the advertisement in
another column of the Crescent City Barnie
Planting Company. This company is in a
prosperous condition, and is spreading the
culture of ramie to the most remote parts
of the South, including Texas and Cali,
fornia.
A newly married couple, having occasion
to economise by moving to a poorhouse in
Kentucky, are deeply indignant because
the keeper thereof assigned them separate
wards of the establishment, and have
brought suit against him for violating the
marriage ceremony by putting asunder
those whom God had joined.
The War Department signal service
weather map reports that the thermometer
at seven o'clock yesterday morning was 32°
at Augusta, 36° at Boston, 55° at Cairo, 44°
at Chicago, 47° at Cincinnati, 71° at Gal
veston, 75° at Key West, 51° at Louis
ville, 58° at Memphis, 60° at Mobile, 63 s at
at New Orleans, 36° at Pittsburg, 57° at
St. Louis, and 65 c at Vicksburg. There
was light rain at Cincinnati and Vicks
burg.
"Anne Bolyn" is a familiar name, and
that of Fanny Berlin almost rhymes with
it. Fanny—we presume it is Miss Fanny,
and it is fair to infer that she is a paragon
of all the virtues—took twenty-live cents one
day and went to an office of the Louisiana
State Lottery Company, No. 324 Liberty
street, and bought one-fourth of combina
tion ticket Nos. 2, 9 t and 58. class 265. For
tunate she, the ticket drew the capital prize
of $5300, the due proportion of which has
been paid to Fanny Berlin, on presentation
of the ticket at the office ol the company,
and now she is happy. Some other lady
might do likewise and be also happy.
The Associated Press dispatches, pub
lished last evening, report that the entire
Republican State ticket in New Hampshire
is elected, and that the Legislature is also
Republican. The ides of next March will
tell the story, as New Hampshire holds on
election in the springtime. Last March, by
an unfortunate insufficiency ot votes, the
Republican ticket was defeated, the Legis
lature went anti-Jtepublican, and a Demo
cratic Governor was the result when the
Legislature met No election was held in
New Hampshire last Tuesday, and therefore
the Associated Press report will answer for
.next March.
_
HAVE 110 mMam>
New York, Massachusetts,
Jersey all reported themselves at the Be
publican headquarters yesterday, as sound
in the faith of that republicanism which
has done so much for the country, and
which proposes to do so much more. Two
of these States are new recruits. New
York and New Jeney are conquests from
the Democracy, and unexpected ones, too,
which is a fact of great significance at
this time, os it demonstrates the power
and independence of the Republican party
over men, and at the same time dispels
any doubt which the Bourbon Democracy
might have entertained that the North
was at all prepared to surrender thepolicy
of reconstruction. The voice of the North
ern people has declared against the De
mocracy again in order to settle all doubts
as to their intentions concerning the con
stitutional amendments, tbe principle of
universal liberty, and the maintenance of
the laws. It was considered necessary
to do this now in order to allow the presi
dential election to be fought out next
year on some other issue than the old one
about the appointed rights of the colored
people. Any doubt or uncertainty in the
results of the elections on Tuesday, would
have emboldened tbe Bourbon Democ
racy, and the irreconcilables of every sort,
to cany into the next presidential contest
the same absurd prejudices which have
disturbed the country and been defeated
time and time again.
If the Southern people will examine
the tenor of the election on Tuesday, they
will find matter to comfort them in this,
that the result is decisive as against the
Democracy, and that it defeats any hope
which the disorderly elements might have
entertained of support from the North. It
disembarasses them of every project that
had for its object the creation of a sec
tional party, and reduces them to the ne
cessity of becoming national in their polit
ical designs. They can now proceed to cast
aside all partisanship founded upon pre
judice or local sentiment, because the
voice of the country has declared that it
will not tolerate such ideas. With this
suggestion well understood, the people of
the South, if they are as sensible as they
have been accounted to be, can at once
adopt a line of politics that will unite
them at home and raise up Diends abroad.
By accepting the result of the late
elections as determining all questions
affecting the status of the colored
people and tbe supremacy of law and or
der, they may take that departure which
is popular all over the country, that the
nation is one and indivisible; that all men
are entitled to the same political rights;
that the right of free speech and the liber
ty of the press is necessary in every re
publican community; that education is
due from the State to every citizen, not
only for the benefit of the individual, but
for the preservation of our free institu
tions; that economy is necessary to the
purity of the government, since lavish ex
penditures beget high taxes and schemes
abusive of the treasury; and the American
people owe their greatest blessings to
themselves, and to the observance of these
ideas.
With such a platform, with disorder
suppressed in every quarter by the people
themselves, tbe South may become the
ally of any party in any section of the
Union. She may not hope to hold the
balance of power, as some of her politicians
suggest, between the North and West, but
she may become, as she ought to, the
friend of both, and her own best friend
too.
If she does not accept Tuesday's elec
tions in the spirit which we have sug
gested, but insists on sustaining the
Bourbon Democracy in its war upon the
amendments and its support of Ku-Klux
violence, then the condition of her peo
ple will improve but slowly, the govern
ment will continue in the hands of a
party strong enough to enforce the law,
and the North and West will insist that
we are not wise enough to be admitted
into any political alliance with them.
In this respect, then, it is important
that the reader should not only have
heard the news, but that he should have
understood it.
THE FIEE DEPARTMENT.
The sudden action of the City Council
on Tuesday last in regard to the fire de
partment has created considerable sur
prise and discussion among our people.
No city can do without a fire department,
and the fact that the Firemen's Charitable
Association is an old and popular institu
tion, embracing among its members a
large number of our most trustworthy
citizens, led to the belief that the volun
teer system, controlled by such men, was
the most efficient and economical pjan
that could be adopted to protect our city
against the spread of fire. Many of these
men are property holders and directly in
terested in an efficient and economical fire
department; and, as we understand it,
this class of men have always controlled
the association in the interest of the city.
We have never heard aught said against
the old department on the score of effi
ciency or economy. At one time it was
suspected of a political tendency that was
inimical to the spread of Republicanism.
But that time has passed, we believe—if it
ever in reality existed—when the fire de
partment, under the control of the Fire
men's Charitable Association, can be
used as a partisan instrument for further
ing the interest of one political party by
interfering with the rights of another.
The plea for making the change we un
derstand to be economy. That would im
ply that there had been waste and extrava
gance on the part of the city in contract
ing for a fire department. We do not be
lieve this is the case. We believe, on the
contrary, that our city has had a cheaper
fire department under the conduct of the
Firemen's Charitable Association than it
will be possible to obtain under the new
system authorized by the Council to be
carried into effect.
According to a comparative statement
of paid departments, published by us yes
terday, for the year ending in 1871, it is
shown that Boston paid, for twenty com
panies, $383,000; Chicago, for sixteen
ferntta.
teen companies, $259,485; Baltimore, for
it t lWiTO f j Lu Mi» ll i u, *for
mm*
six companies (only fifty-six paid men),
f7a,000fwhffii Kgw Orleans, fox twenty
four companies, paid but $120,000. We
understand the Firemen's Charitable As
sociation asked, in contracting anew with
tire city, that they should receive in the
future $140,000 a year, and the contract
continue for ten years. This amount is
paid by the city of Cincinnati for the ser
vices of members alone, whereas the Fire
men's Charitable Association offers to fur
nish, for the some amount, all the neces
sary apparatus, hose, horses and men to
complete the department. We do not be
lieve that an efficient paid department can
be established for less than this, and the
city will be at*the expense of at least
$150,000 for the necessary apparatus in
the way of steam engines, hand engines,
hook and ladder trucks, horses, hose, etc.,
to equip a new fire department A liberal
estimate shows that the city can not hope
to establish and run a new department at
a less cost than $277,760 for the first year,
and after that the yearly expense will
greatly exceed what is asked by the Fire
men's Charitable Association.
We trust that our city Administrators
will thoroughly investigate this matter
before resolving finally to make a change
that will involve the expenditure of a
large amount of money at a time when
the financial condition of our city will not
warrant it The present city government
was inaugurated under the plea of econ
omy. It was alleged that under the old
city government there was great waste
and extravagance of the public funds;
that the government was cumbersome and
unnecessarily expensive. To avoid this
the present government was instituted.
Under these circumstances, then, would
it not be wise in cur city Administrators
to be well assured that the change they
propose will result in a saving to the city;
that an efficient fire department can be
established at a less cost, all things con
sidered, than that conducted by the Fire
mep's Charitable Association Unless
this can be done it is unwise to make
the change.
ANOTHER LECTURE NECESSARY.
There is a screw loose in the B'jUetw
somewhere. In fact, this has been the
case from tbe beginning. Some things
are born deranged, and the Bulletin is one
of these unfortunates. Because the Be
publican suggested that if the Ku-£lux
element was suppressed by the commu
nities in which it exists the President
would then be deprived of an excuse for
the exercise of military power, which is
confessedly dangerous and anti-repub
lican, the Bulletin says our ideas are sot
tish and stupid. We submit to intelligent
people if the answer to our suggestion is
not positive evidence of a deranged con
dition in the Bulletin Our position is
this, that peace is desirable and neces
sary, and that to secure this blessing the
President is justified in using the power
of the nation to suppress disorder, pro
vided the communities in which it exists
are incapable or unwilling to do it them
selves. We prefer that the people shall
arrest their own disorders, but if
they will not do it, then we
insist that any outside power capable of
suppressing the evil shall do the work
which the people neglect. The law de
nounces ku-kluxism, and prescribes a
method for its extinction. This ultimate
resort is the use of the army by the Presi
dent, which we favor if no other remedy
will suffice. It is true the use of the
army is dangerous, but then the Ku-Klux
are more dangerous still; and if they can
not be dispersed in any other way than
by the invocation of a dangerous author
ity, in the interest of peace it is better to
invoke the possible danger than to sub
mit to the positive evil. The anarchists
are clearly responsible for all the usurpa
tions and wrongs that may result from
their own illegal and outrageous proceed
ings, just as the violent man is responsi
ble for any clubbing he may receive in
resisting the police in their attempt to
arrest him in the midst of his vicious dis
turbances.
The difference between the Republican
and the Bulletin is just this, that in order
to prevent military interference with the
people, we propose that every community
shall preserve the peace as to all men
within its own limits, -and then the Presi
dent can have no excuse for declaring
marshal law or sending troops into any
State. But the Bulletin remains silent
while the Ku-Klux are breaking the law
and trampling upon the legal rights of
innocent and unoffending people, and
then goes into a terrible lright about the
safety of the government when the author
ities appear upon the scene and proceed
to suppress the quisi insurrection. If it
was not so sottish it would adopt our
plan, and provide against military inter
ference by frowning upon the disorderly
klan that renders the presence of the
army necessary for the preservation of
the public peace. What do we pay
soldiers for if it is not to preserve the
peace and to insure tranquility? And
what better fate do rowdies deserve than
to be arrested and dealt with according to
law? Evidently the derangement of the
Bulletin prevents it from being sensible.
AN OLD POLICY REVIVED.
e have at last an affirmative policy
from the Times; that is to say, something
as near to such an idea as we have any
reason to expect. Since the war we have
looked in vain for any suggestions from
the opposition. Their whole stock in
trade has consisted in indiscriminate de
nunciations of the Radicals, and a per
sistent personal crusade against the friends
of liberty, equality and the Union of the
States. It is an actual relief therefore to
read in the Times suggestions of another
sort. And thongh the pleasure of the dis
covery is a little dashed by the fact that
our contemporary has gone back about
four decades and unearthed the buried
ideas of a defunct party upon the tariff
question, we are thankful, nevertheless,
for the signs of- life exhibited. We may
indulge in the hope that now it has at
tempted to run alone it will soon be able
sometbfhg wOrthf
professing to occupy a leading position.
lgNkav>fMM 0mm
free trade as a panacea for aU our finan
cial His, under the pfe4 that it is impossi
ble for one nation to make another pay
its expenses. Well, if this were the sole
intent of tbe tariff advocates—-that is,
protection alone were the sole, motive—we
for one, would be willing to give np that
policy. We might, perhaps, in such
case, consent to tbe abrogation of the duty
on sugar, though we fear certain of our
planters and city sugar merchants would
send on vigorous protests against it. But
as the tariff system is the offshoot of our
national industry, and believed by most
publicists to be its most powerful auxili
ary, we are not yet prepared for snch
step. For more than fifty years the tariff
system has been an important feature in
the federal political system. Its most
strenuous opponents have, dnring that
time, had complete control of public af
fairs, but no Congress has yet been found
bold enough to give the country the bless
ings of free trade. A reduction in certain
articles has frequently been made, and
numerous changes have been made in tbe
free list, but we have not had anything
like a complete repeal. Those who were
the loudest in their demands for free
trade at the hustings, were generally
among the mutest when called to the test
in Congress.
All the theories that could be urged
against the tariff as a means for raising
revenue have had to yield to the practi
cal experience of the decades that have
passed away since it became the settled
policy of tbe conntTy. And now, whether
we regard the platform of the Times as an
affirmative policy in favor of free trade
and direct taxation, cr merely as the old
negation against a tariff for revenue main
ly, but incidentally protective, the answer
to its argument can be found in the fact
that both sides have been exhaustively
discussed by the American people, and
that the main question is undoubtedly tbe
settled policy of the nation. It is not
sufficient to simply condemn a system in
active operation. Before it can be set
aside, a substitute for it must be suggested
and the people shown wherein the new
remedy is better than tbe old. The two
must be carefully compared, that the de
feets of the one and the benefits of the
other may be plainly brought to public
attention.
And as we have every reason to believe
our contemporary is in earnest in the
matter, and amply able to illustrate bis
theory, we hope he will begin with the
article of sugar. If he can satisfy our
planters that they will be benefited by
abolishing the tariff of about three cents
on sugar, we will see what we can do to
ward persuading the iron dealers of Penn
sylvania and the manufacturers of Boston,
New Yoik, Brooklyn, Cincinnati, Louis
ville, Chicago, etc., to join with the free
trade converts of the Times in the total
abrogation of the tariff laws.
START FAIR, NEIGHBOR.
The Picayune yesterday morning pre
mised an argument by erroneously stating
the proposition to be discussed—
The Common Council have assumed the
right to repudiate the fire contract.
It is not our purpose in this paragraph
to say one word upon the merits of the
question discussed by the Picayune. But
we protest against false premises at all
times. '.No fairness of argument subse
quently can correct a wrong start. If we
understand the question, no repudiation
of contract is contemplated or desired.
The present fire contract will expire by
limitation in December, and tbe action of
the Council is simply a notice that the
city does not wish to renew it. The
isting contract will of coarse be fulfilled
to the letter so far as the city is con
cerned.
As to whether this action of the Council
is wise or unwise, is clearly a subject for
debate, and we are glad to see that the
Picayune discusses it in a spirit of fair
ness and moderation, narrowed only by
the false start we have pointed out.
General Hugh J. Campbell, one of our
leading State Senators, has just returned
to bis constituents after a visit to the
North. General Campbell was chairman
of a committee appointed by our Repub
lican State Convention to wait upon the
President, and he discharged the difficult
and delicate duties of that position to the
entire satisfaction of his colleagues and
their constituents. The General's well
known executive abilities are pretty freely
tested in this State, as will be seen by a
mere reference to the duties devolved upon
him either by the people or his colleagues
in office. As a member of the State Sen
ate, he is one of the acknowledged lead
ers of that body, and chairman of one of
its most important committees. He is
also at the head of the State militia, under
the Governor, who is commander in chief.
He moreover discharges, in a most accept
able manner, the duties of Register of the
State Land Office, and is ready, whenever
duty calls him, to address the people at
political or other important meetings. He
is regarded by his party as a most valuable
leader, and one whom we could not spare
well from the public service.
It really seems that the Republican
party is a genuine American institution,
and as capable of overcoming the rebel
lion against honesty that Tammany inau
gurated in New York as it is of suppress
ing the rebellion against law which the
Ku-Klux set up in South Carolina.
The great trouble in South Carolina is
not that the negroes are giving testimony
against the Ku-Klux, but that members of
the klan confessed to the misdeeds and to
the extent of the organization, and re
vealed the names of their principal lead
ers. This is where the rumpus entered,
and this is why so many men have fled.
They discovered that their followers had
told the whole story, and they did not
stop to see what the effect would be. As
to tbe evidence of negroes, Colonel Mer
rill refused to take the testimony of a
negro who exhibited some prejudice
against his employer, and gave assurance
refuse attention
all complain tstbftt ffjre
The most noted event on the street yes
terday was a decided improvment in Levee
stock, which, for some reason, rose to $4—
$3 87Vi being the unitersal bid. This bas
occ ur red in tbe face of wear wa n or e teach
ing the condition of the company. Pneu
matic stock, which had lain perdu for so
long a time, reappeared again in quota
tions, and stood at $2 50 asked, but sales
reported have not as yet been verified, nor
is the reason yet explained why there should
be any improvement.
The money market seems to be without
material change. There is little fluctuation
in gold over previous quotations. Foreign
exchange rules at rates of Monday, but
with no inquietude. Domestic is firmer
over previous rulings, and indexes
marked increase.
City certificates are quoted at 83Vs.
State warranty evince no change.
The transactions in cotton yesterday are
pronounced in favor of buyers, with a good
inquiry and a better supply than on former
occasions. Sales were remarkably large,
considering the amount offered.
Have Year PrliHsi aid (Stadia* Deae at
thePetteaa Jab Met, (toner (torn* and
Perdraa Streets. oetsiy
184.
JACOB OTT,
BUILDER.
......Delord Street.............184
(Tivoli Circle,)_
NEW ORLEANS.
Storesfltted up with dispatch. Jobbin^romptly
attended to.
r 3
THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION.
Stati or LonsiAHA,
Executive Department.
New Orleans, November 8. 1871.
In view of the many blessings with which the
past year lias been crowned, and in accordance
with the proc'amat on of the President of the
United States. I, H. C. Warmoth. Governnc of the
State of Louisiana, do hereby appoint and set apart
as a day of public thanksgiving and praise, THURS
DAY. November 30.1871, and I do hereby recommend
to all the good people of our State that upon that
day we lay aside all ordinary secular pursuits, and
repair to our customary places of divine worship,
there to offer thanks to the Supreme Ruler of the
Universe for the blessings and mercies He bas
vouchsafed to us. and to fervently supplicate for a
continuance of tbe divine favor.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the great seal of tbe State to be affixed,
at the city of New Orleans, this eighth day of No
vember, A. D. 1371, and of the independence of the
United States the ninety-sixth.
By the Governor
H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. F*r up ix. Assistant Secretary of State.
1108
A CARD.
Xkw Oklkaxs. November 3, 1871.
The undersigned certifies that she was the holder
aue-fourth combination ticket. Nos. 3, 9, 88,
class 3*15, in the Louisiana State Lottery, which
drew the capital prize of five thousand three hun
dred dollars, on Tuesday, November 7, 1371; said
ticket having cost the sum of twenty-five cents,
at the office No. 324 Liberty street, and that the
amount was promptly paid on presentation of the
ticket at tlie office of the company
FANNY BERLIN,
no!' 11 Corner Lilierty ami Melpomene street*.
TO PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS.
I will sell DRY GOODS at the lowest maiket
prices for certificate of pay, at a small discount.
For further particulars apply to
S. G. KREEGER
Nos. 585 and 587 Magazine street, eoruer St. Andrew.
no84t 2p
IRON BARGE LINE.
A public meeting of all interested in tbe estab
Kstiment of the IRON BARGE LINE will be held
on MONDAY EVENING, the thirteenth iustant, at
P. M., at the new roams of the New Orleans Cot
ton Exchange, corner of Gravier street and The
atre alley.
lull attendance is particularly requested, as
business of importance will be brought up.
Gentlemen in charge of subscription lists are re
quested to hand them in on the evening of the
meeting.
JOHN PHELPS,
noatd 2p Chairman Committee.
THE WILSON VICTORIOUS
At the Great Ohio State Fair.
THE NEW UNDER-FEED
W4LHON SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE.
Unrivaled for SIMPLICITY, DURABILITY and
BEAUTY. Easiest to lea rn and m anage. On i
terms of payment, at TWENTY DOLLARS I___
than machines controlled by "the monopoly."
Warranted to do perfect work. Rooms at Gen
eral Southern Agency, No. 189 Canal street, corner
of Burgundy street. AGKNTS WANTED.
H. H. TRUE CO.,
de!6 8a 8u fc Tn lv Agents.
REMOVAL. REMOVAL. REMOVAL.
THE NEW ORLEANS
SATSITARY AND FERTILIZING COMPANY
Have-removod to their new Office and Warerooms
No. 35 Camp Street.
A tine assortment of
CLOSETS AND COMMODES,
ON THR
>RY EARTH SYSTEM.
These Closets are made of CYPRESS, WALNUT
and MAHOGANY', plain and ornamental, and|under
patent owned exclusively by the Company. They
are rapidly coming into favor, and testimonials
from some of our best citizens, who have used
them for two years, can be seen at tbe office. Or
ders for closets should be left at least a week be
fore they are actually wanted.
Our Closets are in use in all our public schools
and buildings, and by thousands of our citizens.
The old-fashioned health-destroying sinks will
soon be numbered among the things that were,
under the progress of tbe great sanitary reform.
no5 7t 2p
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
yiOHN and GUITAR STRINGS.
FRhNCH VIOLIN SILK STRINGS.
VRKnA? different styles.
FRKNCH ACCORDEONS.
BRASS INSTRUMENTS.
Received ex-Ships Germania, Henry Sage and
Constant ia.
no2 4t eoil 2p
LOUIS GRUNEYVALD,
Importer, No. 129 Canal street.
NEW ORLEANS SILVERWARE
manufactory.
Attention is particularly directed to my SILV1B
TABLE WARE, snch aa
SPOONS, FORKS. ETO.
Prices as low aa at any Northern manufactory!
and CHEAPER THAN IN ANY HOUSB IN NSW
ORLEANS. Quality and style equal to any. Full
guarantees given in aU cases. Every description of
Medals, Badges, Military Belt-plates, Sword Mount
ings, etc., manufactured in tbe most artistic man
net and at low prices.
A. HIMMEL, Proprietor,
*e4 lyfp go. 188 Foydros street
DR. GEORGE J. FRIEDRICHS,
DENTAL SURGEON,
133 St. Charles Street, Corner Glrod
Street, one square above City HelL
daTlpSly
pum PIANOS.
Jnst received ex-8hip "SAGE" a large invoice of
those fovorite upright
PLEYEL PIANOS,
Invoiced at reduced prices, and for sale very low
LOUI8 GBUNEWALD,
not 4t eod 2p Importer, Na 139 Canal street.
*5
PB

JTIFTH GRAND STATE FAIR
MECHANICS* AND AGRICULTURAL
OF LOUISIANA
Will be held
ON THE FAIR GROUNDS,
IN THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS,
November 18, 10, 30, 31, 33, 33, 34, 33
and 30, 1871.
Exhibitors ore invited from every section of
America Railroads, steamships, and other trans
portation lines, as named in the Premium Cata
logue! (pagea 10 and 11), will carry exhibitor* to
and from tbe Fair at one-half the usual rate*.
The hooka are now open for the entry of Machin
ery, Wares, Merchandise, Stock, Agricultural Pro
ducts, Fruits, Vegetables, etc., at the office of the
Association, in tbe Mechanics' Institute.
For further information see Premium Catalogue,
which will be Bent to any address free of charge.
LUTHER HOMES,
<m -8 2p Secretary and Treasurer. New Orleans.
SINGER'S
saw mpnoTBD
Family Nrwlis Machine.
THE ONLY RELIABLE MACHINE IN EXISTENCE.
Six Hundred sad Fifty Thessaad
In daily use is sufficient evidence of its superiority.
Call and examine, or send for circular and samples
of work.
WILLIAM E. COOPER CO.,
Nos. 7 and 9 Camp street,
ocl* We *a Su lm General Southern Agents.
F. NEWHALL,
0................Comp street................40
Has just received a new and complete stock
WALL PAPER and WINDOW SHADES.
All work promptly executed by competent and
experienced workmen._ eel5 lm 2p
JOHN H. HADDEN,
STATIONER.
LITHOGRAPHER. JOB PRINTER,
.7*
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER,
73................Comp street........
Executes all orders with promptness and dis
patch. J
UNITED STATES
INDEMNITY CLAIMS.
Por losses of property sustained during the late
war, viz: Claims for value of cotton, or other prop
erty taken or seized, stores and supplies taken
furnished the United States forces, unconfirmed
Spanish claims to lands in Louisiana, bounty land
claims, etc.
The undersigned, properly accredited with the
Government Departments, has full facilities to ob
a prompt dispatch of business therein and before tbe
Court of Claims and special committees sitting
Washington City. Claimants under Spanish claims
to lands in Louisiana, titles and surveys entered
but not yet confirmed, and bounty land and home
stead claimants, will have their interests promptly
attended to by applying to
MRS. C. EDMONSTON,
United States Claim Agent,
At the office of Fred B. Earheart, Notary and
Attorney. No. 69 Canal street, New Orleans.
Refers to:
Avendano Brothers, No. 155 Common street.
Judge Louis Dent, Washington City.
Hon. S. Beiden. Attorney General. Louisiana.
Hon. H. C. Dibble, Eighth District Court, New
Orleans, Louisiana.
Hon. B. F. Joubert, United States Assessor In
ternal Revenue, New Orleans. oc20 2p
STATE
NATIONAL BANK.
(Formerly Louisans State Bank.)
Samuel H. Kennedy. President: E. Rigney, Vico
President: Charles L. C. Dupuv, Cashier.
Capital. 05on,nno...................Limit, ai.oflft.ooo.
Foreign and Domestic Exchange bought and sold.
Collections made upon all points.
Gold deposits received. Gold checks for sale on
Bank of California, San Francisco.
ocl*) lm 9p
SMITH'S PULMONIC SIRUP
AND LIFE TONIC.
Incomparable for Consumption, Catarrh, Asthma
Bronchitis. Laryngitis, Coughs, Colds, Spitting of
Blood, etc. May be given to an infant with benefit.
The LIFE TONIC, made from tlie same vegetable
product of our swamps, is unequaled for Dyspep
sia. Poor Appetite, Female Irregularities, Low
Spirits, Debility, etc. With SMITH'S LIVER PILLS,
it isasplendid preventive of Chilts, Malarial Fevers,
etc. The Sirup and Tonic may he taken together,
mixed, and makes a delicious cordial, which is
singularly effective blood purifier. Almost every
day furnishes new evidence of the triumph of thia
new Louisiana remedy, for scrofulous or blood
diseases
We give a long list of home references, embracing
some of the most distinguished families in this city.
We challenge investigation.
G. H. SMITH CO.
_, _ _ _ No. 20 Baron ne street.
Western Branch Depot, corner Walnut and Fourth
streets. Cincinnati. Ohio. oc!5 Su TuTii lm 2p
REOPENING.
SEWING MACHINES—ALL KINDS.
The public have long desired the establishment
or a Man, where all kinds of Sewing Machines and
8ewUig Machine Findings could be had; where thev
could see and compare the workings of one
with another, and select from the different mmmim
the machine best suited to the use to which they
to ."PP'yIt- T anch a Mart we invite you
at 159 Canal street. Agente wanted.
no» *ptf M. 8. HEDRICK. General Agent.
MEDICAL.
fiWEET QUININE IS A RECENT IMPBOVB
J"® n !L!S pl, e the use of the Bitter Sulphate
Quinine, with which all are familiar. Dose for dan,
on?" e ™7 wmj oinm
Quinine, and like it, is the one
GREAT, POSITIVE AND UNFAILING CUU
Fop >11 diseases of malarious origin#
fever and ague,
NTERMITTENT FBVSR,
CHILL FEVER,
BEMMITTENT FBVL
BILLIOUS FB
DUMB
And the long train of disorders following
when neglected.
SWEET QUININE
la made solely from Peruvian Bark (sola Bitter Qul
S&R
IB AGUB
heGthy
SWEET QUININE
Acta aa an antidote to, aa well as a enter for *»»i«
riol or miasmatic poison, the abaoretion of whteh
by the lungs cause* intermittent fen
only advantage claimed for
overs, eta The
SWEET QUININE
,d Bitter Qninine the entire ah
persistent bitterness which,
n Insurmountable obstacle toils
nae with moat persons, and always with children.**
SWEET QUININE
^SSggfcvrnasesi
myI5
_ STEARNS, FARR fc CO.
Manufacturing Chemist*. New York.
J IMMEDIATE RELIEF,
and A PERMANENT CURB GUARANTEED.
THE GREAT WESTERN REMEDY
3y All First-Clue Dragila to.
*5 cents, so cents, 75 cents. 41, and 0150 per Bottle
assort wajrroa bvbbtwbbkb.
AARON DAVIS,
Discovere r and Matinfteitum
333 Washington Street, Newark, N. J.
_ ^beob tetoe4afthe Manufacturer et
myte
MISCELLANEOUS.
TORE
GAB OF THE AGR.
Tfea New Orlenaa HyJrw-Cgrfcgg Goo.
Thia company has fust completed e seriee at
scientific experiment* in tbe production ot Hjdie
Cerbon Gee by "SlepeT* patent*," and can strengjlp
recommend these machine* a* the simpl*e|,
cheapest and most substantial gas machine# ev*t
offered to the pablie, producing e gaa five tlema
the Illuminating power of city gas, and at a mu*k
less cost. For ehatehes, holla, aagor-honse* ml
country towns this machine eon net he snr ps sss ft
Orders for machines left at the company's offios,
No. 5 Carondelet street, Hew Orleans, or wifi
Messrs. Joefeush fc Co., bankers, Galveston, Texa%
will meet with prompt attention.
J. M. WAGNER. President
JOHN COMMUNY, Superintendent
Hinst Snail. Secretary and Treasurer.
Factory, No. 209 Rampart street. _ *u« 6m
TkR. JOHN G. ANGELL.
DENTAL SURGEON,
Office and residence,
190...............Jalia Street..............199
HEAR CAMP.
A11 operations in Operative, Mechanical and Sur
gical Dentistry carefully performed. Ditrous oxide
and other anesthetic* administered.
OC28 ly
pORSYTH UNITED STATES
STANDARD SCALES.
The Strongest Benin Made.
Every scale warranted, in every respect; 350 vor
ties, adopted to every branch of buaine
For price list, or an^rmatlc^jddrea.
CO.,
No. 34 Tchoupitoula* street New Orleans
selteod3m _
W E ARE NOW PREPARER, BETTER
than ever, to supply tbe beat qualities of
AMERICAN AND FOREIGN ALE AND PORTER,
We respectfully solicit orders .from font ills*
guaranteeing satisfaction, at the eld price, 810
per doien. Delivered tree to all ports of the da
Send your orders to T. I. HARRISON, A rent,
Na 41 Notches street, between Camp and Mage
sine streets. mBY
c.
a. HUNT ft CO„
MACHINERY DEPOT.
No. 183 Gravier Streets New Orlenaa.
Manufacturers' Agents for
E CARVES COMP ANTS CELEBRATED OOTT*
ears and lot no.
t AES'S STEAM PUMPS,
Of all kinds.
Boston MooIiItio Cmbpiv'i 9 ~M j i
and Stationary Boilers; the Baxter Portable]
gteefc Schaffer ft Badenberg Ste a m Gauge*; J
____Water and Gaa Valves, Hydrants and Wi
Metres; Stnrtevant'a Pressure and Pan
Exhaust and Dryer Pans; Berryman's Ai___
Boiler Feed Re gu l a t or end Lew Water i
Drake's, Rvart's and Low's Automatic and
Feed Shingle Mackinaw Clark's Linen Here,
Pipes, Couplings, eta; New York Tap and Die 1
Sony's Screw Plate*, Tana Die*, Ream era,
United States Standard Nut Coxapeny;i
and Unfinished Nuts end Belts; J. w,
Ca'e Saw Gammers, Upsets and Mill Pick* fit
Steam Poeldnc Plymouth Mills Bivstg the
Vise.
ben, Wi
Bel
notice, at Manufacturers' Prices.
1att 8e Rn Tnlv
•yf ALLACE ft CHOPP1N.
(iiiDu u cnorrnr. wtu.ua wausoQ
STAB COTTON GINNERY,
Peters street, between TfcaJia mad HhMR
and Banter street.
Between Teheapltealas and Peters.
Our machinery and gin stands are new, with ll
the latest improvements, with a capacity of ton
ing out forty bales per day. No delays. A
of bags always on hand.
We gin for the seed, end guarantee aatislhefim
Highest market price always paid for iced cotta
REFERENCES:
I. B. Newman fc Co., A. H. Peele It Ca,
Malle fc Cammack,
A. Miltenberger fc Co.,
J. P. Higgins fc Co., ____ _ ___
l Crawford fc Ca, John Chattel Blotter^
Warren
Penn, Pace fc Simmons,
Hugh Allison fc Co.,
Barrett fc IeSamier,
Garrard, Craig k Ca,
John Chsfite kircr'
F. B. Biuret A Ca,
Robert Hare,
Sam Stafford fc Ca,
RenahM^ttamtck fc Oa,
Dr. Sam Chsppin.
Orders left at the ginnery, or at oar offiee. UN
Union street, will meet with prompt attention.
teftta
UILDINQ plrlt
This la a hard, compost papas, 1
ordinary book cover, and la set
tor and naed on the outside of 1
lugs under the clapboards, alas u.
fie* and Roars, to keep eat (earn 1
It is else area on the inirida not a
instead of Plastering, and makes
and cheap wall. It coat* only tram pit
(according to dae) to 1
outside. Sample* and
rent frea
Address, Rock Rivef Pa ^r ^Comj an^Chhta
Or. E C._____
93,9fi, 97 Camp street, New---
mh6 Genera l Agent* for the Southern
0«•
Ne. 06 Gravier Street. New Ortteta
Postoffice Box 113L
Stereotype gad Blmuf/pteft
Seel Frees Engraving, Die Slaking, Stem
hebrntcBdl
iU|. tWMta, aj p ass e I
Designing. Agency for the best Card si
•ing Stamp#, Red, Hack and Bine Ink, Ml
Band Stamps, Stencil Plates, ete. Pint
for beet Stereotype Plate at lest Fair.
G A6
GAS.
The best end cheapest gaa in the city
53 Camp street, to
by applying at No.
Agent Fairbanks' Scale and Cotton 1
Fairbanks fc Ca are the authorised r'
fUi Blah In* all the the customhonrea 1
and all public buildings connected with t c»^
States, with scales, which ia satiates Mr; ttgt
that they ore the standard for the United 8nP*
Southern Agency at Bo. 53 Cam ^itreet
au36 3m _W. B
JjeW ORLEANS CONSERVATOR!
MUSIC.
.Bar erne Street.
This conservatory is conducted after tbepl**
the conservatories of Europe.
dtehsi*
For particulars, circulars, and any es nuy;
formation, apply to the New Orleans Ore■««»■*
of Music, glass box No. 1596, New Orleans, tta
iana, or personally at the Conservatory.
THBOPHILUS MASAC. Presiftf*,
J._C. Kenner, Be v. f j
Bishop J. _______
Dixon; Rev. E J. Taylor; Rev. J. B. A. Ahrens.
H. Foster, Esq., from Race. Foster k E T. Mate
C. T. Bemiss, Bsq. Dr. William H. Holeoaote*
Wheelesa, Eaq., President New Orleans.NstiJ
Bank; Joseph EUison, Esq., President LotnPg
Equitable Life Insurance Company; Lloyd
man, Eaq., President Mechanics' and TrzdeQA
auranoe Company; W. M. Pinckard, Pfo-L
Haasinger, Eaq.; E M. Lusher. Isq.; F- 8°*S
Esq., Superintendent; George Foerster, Esq w
tor German Gazette, etc.
board of iBSTarcriotr.
Mr. Theophilus Masse, professor of histor fjf
philosophy of music; Mr. Charles Van HulW
piofessorof vocal music; Miss Carolina Zeiss,
fessor of theory and the piano forte; Miss Me-^
May, professor of the piano forte; Mis* nog
Lemoine, professor of tlie piano forte; Mr. aw
so Miari, professor of flute; Mr. Hermann
professor of orchestral instruments. Besute
efficient number of assistant teachers.
au26 ly
jpELICAN FERTILIZER.
THE NEW ORLEANS SANITARY AND FKl°*
ING COMPANY,
Ne. 19 Union Street, Up Stalre*
Have now ready for delivery their sop*^?^
uve now ready ror delivery tneir ■up.--— _
T1LIZING COMPOUND, in quantities to a».g
chasers. Certificates from well-known
______________
characterize it aa superior to Peruvian
while it ia sold at less than half the Pp°*>
has no disagreeable odor. Send for Circular-
Price of onr Pelican Na 1................45J2S
Price of our Pelican Na 3................
Terms—Cash, or approved city acceptas**^
Terms—Cash, or approved city 1
able December 1,1871. __
Ala*, BARTH CLOSETS and COMMODES IM*J
he aeon and orders taken at th*
Samples to
tolBly
J O. SIMONDS ft CO.,

Nae. 10 Canal, 0 Crossman and 4
Streets.
DIALS** IX
HARDWARE.
IRON AND SHIP CHAN0LB**''
Nail* and Castings, Hoop, Sheet and Far W*
Manila and Tarred Cordage, Sail Duck, rtw^
Shovel# and Spades, Sheet Copper *®A
Anchors and Chaims, Axes and Hoes, W*
and Sheet Lead, Paints and Oils,
INDIA RUBBER
Hose. Packing, and all snppEe* ntocsn^F
Railroads, Steamship*, Plantation* Re
Agent# for the naw pe***
"SSU-UUKUta tgtaE
COPPER, TIN, SHEET IRON AND 48**^^
I