DAILY PRES&!
PORTL.AN 1>.
i TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1S71
What a T1 ormon Alder of marmot
ism*
Twenty-six years ago a roving youngster,
E. B. Tripp, left Wilton, Maine, to seek his
fortune, like so many other young men, in
the (ar West. At that time he was in what
he now eatls ‘-the merchandise business,
and traveled extensively in the Western
States. Happening to he in the vicinity of
Nauvpo, h« heard of the death of the pro
phet” Joseph Smith and the contemplated
removal of that strange people, the Mor- I
inons, from their home. Tripp was then in
entire sympathy with the hostility to the Mor
mons that is almost universal among persons
not connected with that church. But lie con
cluded to visit Nauvoo in the way ot business,'
naturally believing that the fugitive people
would dispose of their property on reasona
ble terms. His visit resulted in. changing the
Whole current of his life. He became a pros
elyte, has dung to the church of Joseph
Smith through all its vicissitudes, and when
he walked into our office yesterday he came
as a Mormon elder of many years standing,
firm in the faith mid in the practice of polyga
my. He has" the qfnpistakable look of a re
ligiout-enthusiast—a man who, if hard push
ed, would not hesitate to abandon his home,
property and country rather than yield to
dictation as to his region and its observan
ces, and who, in an extremity, would even
turn hia loug, thin, Puritan face with its stern
grey eyes, against the ioes of his people,
fighting them with carnal weapons. He
comes to Maine to visit his aged parents who
are still living in Ripley. One ol his brothers,
Wm. Tripp, uow Surveyor General oyjako
tah Territory .was President of the Maine Sen
ate in 1849. Another brother, Bartlett Tripp
late law partner of Hon. E. F. Pillsbury of
Augusta, belongs to the Mormon cburcb, hav
ing resided in Utah from 1860 till sometime
in 1866. _
Elder Tripp, who has the appearance of a
sincere and honorable man, possessed of
much more Bhrewduess and common sense
than culture, left Salt Lake City the day the
verdict in the Hawkins case was given. He
expresses himself very freelj, though with
great moderation, in relation to the legal pro
ceeding against the “Saints.” Iu his opinion
the Mormons will not resort to armed resist
ance to the authorities in any emergency that
is likely to arise, though he can conceive cf
a degree of persecution where they might in
despair appeal to the sword. But they fully
appreciate the power of the government and
the inequality of the struggle in which they
would iu that case engage. Elder Tripp
thinks the present troubles will be peaceably
settled in one of two ways. Brigham Young
proposes to test the legality of the prosecu
tions that have been set on foot, In the Su
preme Court of the United States. He will
quietly await the decision of that tribunal be
fore taking any. Anther steps whatever, be
lieving that Mormons cannot be convicted of
adultery under the territorial law passed
by a Mormon Legislature. If the decision is
against him, Elder Tripp Hopes that an ar
rangement can be effected by which all mar
riage contracts already made can be legiti
mated, or at least undisturbed, on condition
that no more polygamous marriages are per
mitted. He is not prepared to say that his
people would be willing to make such a con
cession, but be himself seems to favor it. In
travelling through' the country and convers
ing with influential men of the “Gentiles,” he
finds, much to his gratification, that such a
settlement of the difficulty would give almost
universal satisfaction, no vindictive feeling be
ing anywhere cherished. The other alterna
tive, to be resorted to in case tiie compromise
is rejected, either by the Mormons or the gov
ernment, is the abandonment of Utah and
the building of a new city beyond the limits
n. n _
wvttw-o. rut lUia tuc JUUi’
mons are ,fully prepared, though they con
fidently hope to escape the terrible necessity
of another exodus.
Elder Tripp scouts the notion, constantly
reiterated in our Gentile papers, that Brig
ham Young’s journey southward is a flight.
Young is now an old man, weighed down by
c the immense labors and cares ot' ljjp position,
and he is going to the southern part of the
Territory for his health, as he did last winter.
When his case comes up for trial in Match he
■will appear. Speaking of the Salt Lake dis
patch of Monday, saying that the act against
adultery was passed by a Mormon Legisla
ture six months before they adopted polvga
amy, he says that his people have practiced
polygamy from the very begiuuiug of their
residence in Utah. Until the summer of 1852
however, it was one of their church myster
ies, At that time Orson Pratt weDt to Wash
ington and. published a book called The Seer,
in which he boldly proclaimed that God in
these latter days had commanded men to
take more than one wif*.
Elder Tripp emphatically denies that the
Saints are disloyal, affirming that no people
are more firmly attached to the constitution
of the United States. This,is not the pop
ular impression, but it is certainly one of
which everybody will be gladly convinced.
To the Presque Isle Sunriic we wonld say
that we caunot undertake an argument with
a wilho-tlie-wisp. If it wants to participate
inf the honest, courteous discussion of the
subject of railroad subsidies that has sprung
up between the Press and the Whig it has
begun in the wrong' way. We well under
stood in the beginning that some of the
friends of the subsidy scheme would he likely
to attempt to divert attention from the merits
of the case by resorting to personalities. We
have an entirely disinterested purpose—a
thing we fear our Presque Isle contemporary
cannot conceive—to arouse the people of the
State to an appreciation of the dauger that
menaces them, and we shall not turn aside to
answer any man who can only call names and
tell what be remembers about'mutters that
are entirely irrelevant.
The Interior Department despatched a spec
ial agent to the Indian Territory several days
since to investigate the frauds charged against
Judge Wright. The officials are confident
that they can fasten the frauds upon the Judge
afjd compel restitution which lie is amply able
to make. Wo trust our Democratic friends
will not hasten to declare that this is a Itepub
linen ■•inHI.i* no *t
--->u tuo bUOC U1 pvuI
Hodges and thus put a foot in it again, for
Judge Wright is a life-long Democrat, having
received his judicial honora from Mr. Buchan”
an and never since departing from the faith,
and,, we may add, practice of the party.
Ret. Me. Fcltox, Mr. Kallock’s snccessor
in the Tremont Temple, told his hearers, on
that the Democrats had nominated a
man the State ot Massachusetts might be
proud of because he was opposed to woman
suffrage; but that erery mau who votes for the
Republican candidate votes with Henry Wil
aon for woman suffrage and tree rum. The
Watchman and Reflector, the Baptist organ jn
Massachusetts, takes occasion to speak in the
highest terms of the public character and pri
vate life of Mr. Washburn, tbe Republican
candidate. It is strange that the people ol
Massachusetts have more fujtli iu|Ienry Wil
son than Justin D. Fulton.
Literary Notes.-Mrs. Stowe i, writiD„
The Recordt ot an Unfashionable Street as a te
quel to My Wife and *VOf. Johnston, of
Middletown, Conn., proposes to issue a
full history of the towns of Bristol and Bre
men, Me. Prof. Johnston, a native of Bristol,
has beeij long engaged in looking up the ma
terial of this work, is a very careful searcher
after facts, a man of sound judgment, one who
will ptjbsent a history of the piace well
worthy of a place in the library of every gen
tleman in Maine. The history of Bristol will
include that of Pomaquid, so far as it Is at
present laid open, and thus some of the earliest
and moat interesting records of tbe State will
Pelted to the pnblie. T L
e^elJnt t,1'n"9 tbrouShtliat
the following, from pQrt 880C*ated Press,” but
tains a puzzle: ot‘8“«>uth, N. H., con
Thos. Eaton, ono of the lead!.,
Rev. Mr. Rand at South Seabro^tpP°Dent8 of i
for eight days tryiug to starve biu,LiVa* bee“ i
and it is thought will succeed, lf to death
Isthe reader to infer from this that the "lead
ing opponents of the ReY. Mr. Rasd invariably
seek violent deaths? If not, why is that gen
tleman wade to figure in this bit of news?
James Duflield was murdered in Pittsburg,
Pa., Sunday night by two men named Lossin- t
geraud Finn who boat DuffitW’s lirains out
with a clinkers from a furnaneo. Tbe murder
ers were arrested.
The Lewiitoa Tragedy.
TUs Lewiston Journal of yesterday gives i
some particulars of interest in couueotton with
the fearful traftedy in Lewiston last week:
Mli. FOOCi’S STATEMENT.
Mr. Fogg, who is landlord at No. 15 on the
Bates Corporation, says that Anna Wood
came to his boardiug-house to board August
goj. She was then at wotk in a shoe faetoiy
iu Auburu. She remained at No. 15 Irom Au
gust till October 9, when she went to the An
droscoggiu Mill, boaidiug on that corporation.
She remnned in the mill two wt*-kp, when
she lett aud weut as a domestic to No. 4 Bates
Corporation.
She told Mr. Fogg that she had no father,
aud that her grandmother resided iu Hartford;
that her mother was living, bat she had re
sided lor two years iQ Jersey City.
“Why did your mother dare to leave you so
young, alone in the world?" a lady on the cor
poration asked her a day or two ago. “O. I
don’t know,” she replied, cheerfully enough.
Ada Brown had been iu this city but live
weeks, prior to her death. She was but 14
years of age—a mere child—but unusually tall
tor her age. Mr. Fogg says she came to his
boardiDg-house Sept. 30ib, brought there by
her father, from his home in Bnckiield, and
wenttowork in the mill-rooming willi her
elder sister Ella. Anna was a playmate of
hers and a* soon as Ada came to tl.e city the
intimacy was renewed, and in nine days after
coming here, she left the Bates corporation
and went to wotk on the Audroscoggiu cor
poration with Anna, who was then at work in
that mill. October 17th Ad i returned to work
in Bates Mill,and boarded again with her sis
ter at No. 15— Mr. Fogg’s— on the Bates cor
poration. Octob.r ISO'h, she concluded she
preterred to do housework, aud she left the
mill aud found employment as a domestic at
No. 2 Bates corporation, whore she worked till
Wednesday, when she left. Thursday night
both Anna aud Ada stopped with Ada's sister,
in her room at No. 15—in which there were
two beds. Ada left No. 15 at 9 o’c-leck Finlay
morning—not saying a word to any one. It is
thought Anna left before that tinie—at least,
they went from the house separately. Ella—
Ada’s elder sister—carried the girls some
breakfast before she went to the mill. Beloie
Ella weut iuto the mill she told her landlady
that Ada must go home that afternoon.
Not long after Ada’s coining to Lewiston—
it being thought that she was too young to he
away from home—her father came to this city,
to take her liotne, but she begged so earnestly
to stay, that her father returned without her.
mrs. Coburn’s statf.mf.nt.
Mrs. Coburn, who is landlady at No. 4 Bates
corporation, states that Anna Wood came to
her boarding-house last Saturday, to get work.
Ol,,, .1 l... .1 K nA .nnel. in A .wlensmin.
gin Mill. Mrs. Coburn told her she might
come aud see if site could do her work, and if
so, she would employ her. She brought with
her a dress aud apron. She then left—saying
she would begin work Monday. She returned
to supper that evening, but after tea agaiu
went out and did not return for the night. The
next morning (Sunday), before the family was
up, the door bell of No. 4 raDg.and Anna Wood
was found at tile door. She said she had staid
at No. 15, with Ada Brown, that night.
Monday she begau work at No. 4, and in the
afternoon Ada came in. Soon both went out
together and returned with a lobster—of which
each ale heartily. Tuesday morning Anna
complained of illness aud want to bed, but
soou got up again aud went to work. She
worked two days and then left. Mrs. C. said
to her: “You may stay here till you get a
chance to work.” Anna thanked her and in
the afternoon (Wednesday), Ada came in aud
the twain went out together. She saw noth
ing more oftbem till Thursday morning at 9,
when Anua came in to settle. Mrs. C. paid
her 83 cents. Anna said: “We have places.—
One of us will go to Dr. Dicker's and one to
Mr. Scruton’s.”
Mrs. Coburn says: “Anua was a ve'y pretty,
and modest appearing little girl, and Ada al
ways appeared well.”
MES. GII.EEET’S STATEMENT.
Mrs. Gilbert, landlady at No. 2 Bates Corpo
ration says that Ada came to her boarding
houso Saturday afternoon and wanted a
chance to work. Mrs. G. said she was not in
want ot any one, hut, if she had no place,she
might stay and woik her board until she could
find employment. Thursday she told Mrs.
Coburn that she wasn’t going to work any
more.
Wednesday night Anna came into No. 2 and
proceeded to Ada’s room, where these two
girls and a third eccupied the same room and
bed. Thursday moruiDg Ada did not come
down, and at noon Mrs. Gilbert went up stairs
and toiler surprise, fouud Anna and Ada
there in the room. At Mrs, G.’s request they
came down stairs about noon and remained iri
the sitting room. Neither had had any break
fast. Mrs. Gilbert asked both out to dinner.
Ada accepted the invitation, but Anna ate
nothing. While Anna was waiting in the sit
ting-room, she turned toward a young iady in
the room and said: “What shall 1 do? I have
no money and no where to stay.” Mrs. G.
said had she known ot Anna’s situation, she
might have done something for her, but the
remark was not repeated in her hearing. The
girls left the lionse together—Anna having
had no food, probably for eighteen or twenty
hours, though she had just declined an invita
tion to partake of some.
TEACE8 OF THE STBANOE ONES.
Friday morning gentlemen noticed two girls
sitting on one of the piles of boards in the rear
ol Lisbon stieet, just south of Ash street.
Their conduct seemed so moody aud strange as
to attract attention. They answer to the de
scription of Ada and Anna.
W lion thbSA nirlj luff i!_ -1_
the lumber, they proceeded to Cook’s drug
store, where the shorter of the two—Anna, iI
she was either—inquired: “X want some chlo
roform for a girl that’s got the toothache
dawn on the Bates corporation.*'
‘•Would you like about half an onnce?” in
quired the clerk.
“O no,” replied the tall girl, “we want a lot
of it.
“We can’t sell you over half au ounco,” re
plied the clerk.
The tall girl turned quickly and, with a
pout of the lips, said:
“Well, I guess we can get it somewhere
else.”
This was about ten o’clock, three hours be
fore the suicides.
The taller girl wore a heavy shawl when at
Mr. Cook’s store. Anna wore a heavy shawl,
and such a shawl was left on the West Pitch
shore.
MIt. AND MRS BTARBIUD’s STATEMENT.
We have already stated that the two girls
ate, apparently their last meal at Mr. Star
bird’s, on Hampshire street, Auburu. Mr.
and Mrs. S. make the following statements:
They had known Ada audgAnna,—Ada more
tbau Anna. Ada was Mrs., S.’s cousin by
marriage.
Ada, .^ays Mrs. S., had brown hair, brown
eyes, very tall for one of lierage, 14 years.quite
smart. She wore a blue tut ban bat—that
found on the rocks, identified as the same,—a
water-proof, a light shawl—the same found on
the West Pitch shore—aud a dark print diess.
Anna Wood wore Thursday atternoon. a
heavy shawl, black overskirt and red and
white dress, with coarse straw hat. Part of
the outer-clothing found ou the rocks, she
identifies as Anna’s.
The two gills caruo to Mr. S.’s house at 4 12
p. m., Thursday. They seemed wearied and
said they had boon searching all day for work,
without success. “lam quite dead broke,”
said Anna, and she showed two ten cent hills
as much as to say, "that’s my all.”
“The two girls carried on very lively”—says
Mrs. Starbird—meaning they were unusually
cheerful. At Mrs. Starbird’s urgent invitation
they remained to supper, though Anna seem
ed lotii to stay. Both ate heartily, and each
poked fun at the other for eating so much.—
“We shall eat yon out of house aud home, il
we stay here long,” said Anna.
The two girls speut nearly five hours at Mrs
Starhird’s. “The last thought I should have
had that these girls intended to kill them
selves”—is Mrs. S.’s deduction from their gay
hearing. OLce in a wb'le during the r’vening
Anna made remarks in a laughing way like
this: “I've been coaxing Ada to jump into the
canal with me, but she says the water is too
cold.”
Anna said to Mrs. S.—showing her a brooch
she wore—the same found on the shore:_“This
is a pin-gave me.” He was “pay
ing attention to her,” they said. She was sot
engaged. Anna said. “There,” she interjected,
it lierng 8 o clock—“I promised to be at my
boarding-house at 7 1 2—he was going to call
and see me—I guess he will think I’m a queer
Another young man was spoken of as “Ada’s
fellow,-a young man now living in Boston.
Anna said duriug the evening, thp.t slie had
been ever to West Pitch. In fine, the evo
niug’s gossip was pleasant, ordinary-with
here aud there a word, which, in the ln>ht of
the suicides, shows that Anna had meditated
the act.
Mrs. S. could see that Anna had an almost
magnetic inflaence over Ada—she seemed tn
completely iu ner power. Ada was the tal
ler. Mr. Brown adds that Anna was only 14
years of age—Ihe same age as Ada. Both were
very goad looking.”* Asia woro short hair
Anna lung hair. Toe false hair left on the
shore was Anna's.
At quarter-past nine the girls left Mrs S's
She Urged them to lernain, but they declined
and went olf, apparently very cheerful.
Before leaving, Autia said to Mrs. Starhird
iu a half earnest and hall jocose tone: "l wish
I was manit-d aud had a home aud somebody
to care for me.”
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS.
Ada Brown’s elder sister, El’a, states that
Anna had an aunt who was said to be insane
—“but 1 thipk she makes it”—said Anna.
Acua had said to Ella many times: ‘‘I have
no friends, or Lome aud no one to care for me.
I am going to .kill myselt.” Ella says: ‘I talk
ed her ofi'tlie notion of it, always."
Mrs. Starhird went into the Bates Mill im
mediately after hearing of the tragedy, and
fought out Ella, to inform her. As soon as
Ella saw her, she screamed: “O, my God!
dou’t tell me that’s Ada." She was quite frau
Vc<m''b Hr'pfy “O! what will my poor mother
do she said. “I was just going over to see
who they were that had drowned themselves
idatM°.,tbey.were Slle hut just glanc
uttCTin" a .'i Lt't reysulcides le,t behind, and
uttering shriek of horror, left the place.
promKriuhiXTb’e’ would"3'
to the mill t,; see SVsls’rfd'ook “rriX
morning I knew she was out of employment
and had decided to semi her home in theater.
noon. 1 thought when she did not come that
something dreadiul was going to happen.”
There are slight proofs of the movements of
the two girls on Eriday morning. Wherever
,he_v appear, they seem moody, brooding over
iheir lot—apparently meditating suicide one
noment and housework the next—Anna evi
lently the rniing spirit of the two, both dis
leartened—not caring to go home, Dot liking
he mill, and finding housework burdenrome.
At 9 o’clock, on Ash street, they are seeking
bloroform at the drug store, then wunder
ng through the streets. Soon after dood they
ppear on the rocks beside West Pitch, where
heir moody aud morbid state of mind became
mmglit into insanity, and whence, doubtless
3*«fh n;omeut, they plunged iuto the terri
nefall and into terrible di ath.
Jt thebS!,!f ??refu'1ly reP°rted 'be last few days
raiglit bo had n^r 8 better understanding 1
indicate that Ann.V’w^i Enoll«b appears to 1
moody lemperame„'7,I‘p'iWaa°l adtjP0IldinK’
reditary insanity ti,.;,p®, haPa tinged with he
Huence over h« a^^bad wonderful in
ihought she was without' ^3?’ ,au<1, 1
«SSgaj
e(l she could not find employment; that Ada
was ma le to (eel similarly by the influence of
Anna and by unsuccessful attempts to obtain
employment; that at last by West Pitch, Anna
succeeded in bringing Ada to lier mind, aud
botli plunged into suicidal death,locked in each
other’s arms.
The lessons of this sad event are many, but
are too apparent to require further commeut
It has been suggested that the bodies might
bp recovered from the undertow of W list Pitch
by drawing down the water iu the river, but
Mr. Straw” and others acquainted with the
facts, siate that not more than one-third the
volume of water now flowiug over the dams
could be drawn through the gateways—as there
arc now two feet of water on the dame.
Persons who investigated the footof West
Pitch iu last eummer’s drouth, report a deep
opening in the rock under the fall. Here, it is
thought, are the bodies of the suicides, and, if
so, their recovery is exceedingly doubtful.
A Correspondent in New Gloucester kind
ly writes the Press: “I have as yet seon no
mention of the meteoric display last Thursday
evening. About 7 p. w. I was startled by a
sudden flush and looking to the south saw a
most brilliant display; the whole heavens
seemed to be full of sparks. The sparks took a
right aud leit course. It seemed to be but a
short distance ofl. They seemed to linger but
a moment and then disappear all at once.—
From the appearances, I should feel like stat
ing that it was caused by the bursting oi a
star.”
We sincerely hope our friend is greatly mis
taken for with drouths, floods and tornadoes,
now provided in advauce by the War Depart
ment,—with the remembrance of grasshoppers
last season and the fearful expectation of more
next, with Tammany on band and Frank P.
Blair flyiDg through space impelled by century
whiskey, in a building in which the second
General Sheridan may at any time proclaim
martial law, with a doctors’ controversy on
onr bauds and a meeting of the Cumberland
Bar impeuding, with both a Congress and
Slate Legislature sure to come aDy time with
iu two mouths,—beset by all these dangers and
horrors, we protest against any theory that is
likely to set “stars a bursting without a mo
ments waruiug. Why, good sir, if the shells of
these bursting stars, and everything that ex
plodes has a shell, should be cast iron or gran
■v"» vuunuijuuuvuo IIUU1U 1 rauit, II
a small sized star, no larger than the State of
Maine, should go to pieces and chance to eome
whizzing down so lar out of the trackless and
“widening wastes of space” as to hit this cor
ner ol the American continent? Would you
be responsible for the consequences? What if
another such a dreary waste as the E. N. A.
Railroad runs through from Mattawamkeag to
Vaueeboro’ should plant itself atop of the gar
den of Maine—there being no precedent as yet,
what court of law or equity could assess the
damages? What if such a planet has a half
dozen Hen Butlers or Bill Tweeds—but no,
that can’t be. But every good sized star doubt
less lias its New York, its Tammany ring and
its “political scab” that afiords 25,000 Demo
cratic majority; now sir, can you coolly con
template the panic such a piece of territory
with such a Democratic preponderance would
throtvus Radicals into in Maine if set down here
upon our State and yet “feel like statiDg” that
it is a common event for stars to burs,? If
pbophesy has anything to do with hastening
this conversion of stars into immense torpe
does, we beg you to wait on prophesy uo lon
ger.
Gov. Scott and the officers of the State of
South Carolina have issued the following state
meut iu reply to the statements in the World,
the substance of which appeared in last night’*
telegraph:
Many false representations aud statements
have been made and published against the
credit of the State of South Carolina It is
true that $20,040,000 of bonds were printed of
which amount $9,000,000 were never signed
or issued, nor were tbev printed with the in
tention to increase the State debt, but are in
possession of the Stato authorities. There are
also $3,500,000 iu sterling bonds printed, but
not issued, aud $2,500,000 iu registered stock
aro now iu the hands of the Treasurer, bein»
the balanee of $5,040,000 issued. The Legisla
ture, from time to time, have passed several
acls for the issue of b,uds to pay the indebt
ness of the State. Subsequently it passed an
act for the conversion of its securities. To
provide for this the above amount in bonds was
printed, which has given rise to many ground
less misrepresentations aud gross fabrications
The World now states that new develop
ments make it certain that South Carolina
bonds were over issued to the amount of thirty
millions instead of twenty, aud that fifteen
millions have been signed and shipped to Eu
rope for sale there, the remainder being put
on the market here. It says the same pro
grarne has been carried out by North Carolina
officials aDd prominent railroads which are in
terested iu the latter.
Fbom time immemorial, the dwellers of the
District of Columbia have considered the fed
eral treasury their peculiar and special prov
ender box; and so far has this vicious belief ob
tained the public mind that even newspaper
publishers, so generally guileless, have gradu
ally been led into the same way of thinking._
How great must be their astonishment. in
dignation to rli«/-or.0.,» mis late hour, against
all precedents, that Commissioner Leggett re
fuses to pay for advertising that these District
journals have done without order, and that
President Grant has a cabinet officer so lost to
the proprieties of the position as to sustain the
Commissioner. Besides, the hill was only for
$2000.
Fast is Chicago resuming its wonted activi
ty; its trade is brisk, its citizens plucky and
hopeful, and soon it bids fair to be tbe Chicago
of old. As if to prove its identity, from its
ashes rises the ghostly form of a divorce suit
and the city is itself again. Once more are
Chicagoans being given in marriage and ii
vorced, end the psalms of Thanksgiving are
borne forth even through the smoko of its own
embers.' Hereafter will the names of Amanda
B. Chaffee, plaintiff, and John B. Chaffee, de
fendant, in the Grst divorce suit after the fire,
shine conspicuous in the city's records, and
rank side by side with the first Mayor, the
original settler, and Mrs. Leary’s cow.
Boston Maine Railboak.—The annual
meeting of this corporation will be held at
Lawrence to-morrow. Stockholders will be
passed to and from the place of meeting upon
the showing of their certificates. The meeting
is expected to bo largely attended, and in view
ot the jiotontial influence of the meeting at
this juncture of the affairs of this growing
road, it may be important in its results.
A Washington correspondent says that Ex
Congressman Stokes, since his sad fall, is rare
ly seen in public and is reported to he drinking
heavily under what be considers a misfortune.
The way of Tennessee politicians is peculiar.
The Pbess to-morrow morning will contain
the latest election returns and results in New
York, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Maryland,
Wisconsin, Illinois, Mississippi, &c. The
election in New York is of the greatest impor
tance, and the fact that trouble of a serious
nature is apprehended will lender the contents
of Wednesday morning’s paper of unusual in
terest.
IState INevvs.
KENNEBEC COUNTS".
In the U. S. Circuit Court in Boston Satur
day, the .jury in tho ease o| Maine Granite
Company vs. Anthony Hathaway, an action
lor tbe iccovery of the value of stone, &c„
taken liv tbe defendant from tbe Haines quar
ry at llallowell, Me., rendered a verdict de
claring that tbe contraet which Jthe defendant
operated was null and void, because it was
and a,llowiu« Plaintiff
but $1000 ler stone taken.
Thfl ri--.X7Z-.fn v-wl -_ 11
i —.—uu uaiunuy
and confirmed tbe nominations that bad been
mude tbe week previously. Hon. M. D. L
Laue, the newly aupointed Judge of tbe Su
perior Court of Cumberland county, appear
e,l aud was qualified. The Attorney General
was instructed to settle with Win. Dickev
9 la regard to the disposition of the school
funds in Aroostook county. The Council will
{here nOU ?be ?lst iust-> at which time
there will be a hearing on the contested elec
tion of county officers in Aroostook and Han
cock counties.
LINCOLN COUNTY.
Mr. C. C. Robbins of Bristol Mills lias about
completed Ins new saw-mil) at that place.
The Wiscasset Oracle says the survey of the
Kennebec and Wiscasset railroad was com
menced on Wednesday, Oct. 25th, in charge of
Col. A. W. Wildes. It has progressed as far
as Sheepscot Bridge aud the route is found to
be remarkably favorable.
The Oracle says tbe old Court House at
Wiscasset lias been thoroughly repaired and
painted, ouside and in. It is about fifty years
old but is as solid and snbstaucial as ever and
will compare favorably with many more
modern structures, both in style aud conven
ience.
PENOBSCOT COUNTY.
The Bangor Whig states the announcement
of a night train over tbe E. N. A. Railway
from that city to St. John was premature and
that such a train will not be put on at pres
ent. r
The Whig says the State College of Agricul- I
lure and tbe Mechanic Arts, at Orono, is flour
ishing this term as it never has before, having
large Faculty, more students aud [better ac
sommodatioDs for them than at any previous
time. The new buildings are spacious and
convenient in every respect UDd are fine look
ing as well. We understand that the students
are Working hard and malting great progress
andgr the present board of instruction.
Tbe practice of snaring doves in Bangor and
iendiug them to tbe Boston market has been 1
I u i 1 prevalent recently .but a stop to the husi-
less lias 1 can interposed by the City Marshal,
file other night a box full of live doves, pack
id so closely that they could not stand aud
vere gasping for breath, was found in the Ex
iress office aud confiscated by several kind
learled gentlemen, who ser the poor birds free
gain.
YORK COUNTy. 8
Daniel W. Lord, E-q., formerly of Kenne- 1
mokport, lias, in tlio Supremo Judic al Court 1
it Bangor, recovered a verdict of $3,498 ISO 1
gainst said town tor taxes assessed in 1805 i
_____ W —p——rr«innm m I
rod 1866, and paid by him to defendant town,
under protest that lie was not a residaut of
laid town when the tax was assessed and there
lore not liable to be laxad there. Mr. Lord
bairns to hive been a resijeut of Malden
Mass., at the time of the assessment. Defend
ants elaitn to held him as a resident ot their
town. The ease goes up to the full Court on
motion for a new trial and exceptions hy de
fendants.
The Saco Independent says a young lady,
while going from her boarding house on tlie
Peppered, in Biddeford,on last Friday evening,
near nine o’clock to an outhouse, was seized
upon hy half a dozen roughs who made a des
perate attempt to bear her awav. The girl’s
mouth was stuffed with a handkerchief which
failed however to render silent that‘'awlu!
tongue,” us doubtless it was to the offending
party. Such a noise did she make that the
villains deemed it advisable to abandon her.
The youug lady was senseless for a loug time
alter her rescue, and now lies in a critical con
dition. Certain persons at work ou the B. Sc
M. K. B., are Buspected as the perpetrators af
the intended crime.
SPECIAL NOTICES
MAINE CENTRAL K. 1{.
Special Notice.
The aguge of this road between Danville Juncllon
and Watervllle will be changed between the morn
ings of the 9th inst and ltth inst. No trs ght trains
will run out ot Portland lor this line alter Tupsday
tbo 7th. No freight will be received at Depot o’
Grand Trunk Railway in Poitland after Monday, Cth
inst. The mail passenger trains will be run during
the week and passengers and baggage changed at
point of break ot gauge, but no morning passenger
train to or from Lewiston, alter the morning of the
ninth Inst.
nov7—snlw EDWIN NOYES, Snpt.
FOB. S*1FF
25 Share* First National Bank Stock.
13 Shares Casco National Bank Stock.
State ot Maine... g>g
Portland,..
Cincinnati,...;. ty,g
Government Bond* Bought and Sold.
-Br
M, PAYSON,
32 ISxciiantre st., Portland.
aug22 an
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE MARINE
Insuraificc Co.
Srtngfield, Mass., Oct 25,1871.
Messrs. Louing Thokston,
Agents, Portland:
As many of the Companies have been deceived in
the amount ot their Chicago Iobmch, ve conclud
at this late day to make the following State men
which we know to he correct.
AmcIi at market Value.$1,077,000
Chicago Ionmcm
not over.$450,000
All other outHlauding
los»e«,.47.220 $407,220
$599,780
fcS^Tlils will give us our Capital ot $500,000
entire, and Surplus ol $79,780 and we expect a
salvage ot over $15,000 at Chicago.
Our Adjusters are paying all losscs3 at Chicago in
Cash as fast as they can be adjusted.
Our Directors and Stockholders are pledged to pay
to the Company, PRO RATA on their Stock $325?
OOO within .thirty days, as a reserve against all out
standing risks, in accordance with tha Laws ol
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus
OF OYER
$000,000.00.
After Paying all Outstanding Losses.
THIS PUTS US ON A FIRM FINANCIAL
BASIS. Select your business with great care and
avoid hard and undesirable risks as heretofore, and
please be particular not to give us too much in one
risk or locality.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, Pres.
SANFORD J. HALL, Sec’y.
DWIGHT D. SMITH, Yice-Prcs’t.
The above statement will assure the pations of the
C’ompary and the public that the SPRINGFILD is
STRONG and alive to the situation,
Policies issue 1 on good property at tair rates.
LORING THURSTON,
AGENTS,
38 Exchange street.
Portland, Oct 33, 1871._ isdiw
Reliable Insurance i
Tlte Iieeuii
Ins. Co., of Hartford,
^CONNECTICUT,
“Rises from the Ashes” ot the Chicago Fire w ith a
•lean surplus «f over
One Million Dollars,
Ami is now, as heretolore, one of tlio strongest com
panies doing business in Maine.
Cash Assets Oci. 1st $1,750,000
Losses at Chicago about 700,000
Capital and Snrpls, 1,050,000
Tt will thus be seen that this old company affords
as ample security to its Policyholders as any other
Company in the country.
Policies Issued as hereloloro on the most favorable
terms. All losses promptly adjusted and paid by
TV. 1). LITTLE <C- CO., Agents,
Office 49 1-2 Exchange Mt.
Oct 30is-d«2few3w
Awful Defeat!
The rout is complete! The last hope ot the parties
who have been getting up Scalp Poisoks to com
complete with
Crisladoro’s Excelsior Hair Dye
is lost, lost, lost! Still, it towers over all rivals, new
and old. Still, it remains the Standard Hair Dye o
the Country. Still, tens ol thousands ot heads that
showed the white flag,
Carry Cristadoro'n Colon*,
and the couree ot the dye of dyes is ever upward and
onward. So much for excellence, wliolesoraonoss,
and a true reproduction ol Nature's tints. As a
dreasing alter dyeing, use
CRISTAJDORO’S HAIR PRESERVATIVE.
Oc28 eodlm w44 4G sn
OXYGEN AIR.
Congress Sti*eets
Established for Jtbe cure ot
CATARRH, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,
CONS UMP TI O N,
DYSPEPSIA, SCROFULA,
And all diseases arising irom impure blood.
Treated l»r Krenlliing “OXTUEN AIK,'
Medicated Inhalations
in connection with other remedies. Pile 'public are
invited to call and investigate
FREE OF CHARhE
SfiLotters ot inquiry prompMy answered and treat
ment sent if desired. Address,
Dr. J. P. BROWER,
371 ronsrfiNi
Drs. E. Claris, J. M. Cummings and c. II. Buir
give permission to refer to them. Physician's s
plied with Oxygen or Oxygenated Water _
Jun21 t,t,9 dGm_ au3iw2mo
SEED, SEED!
2000
Clove”a^dItedTop“orhsaleeh^i ab° I
KENDALL <6 WHITNEY.
Portland, Sept 2,1871. sep2dtt ij
Widows9 Wood Society.
ANNUAL MEETING.
THE Annual Meeting ot the Widows* Wood
ciety will be holden at its office. C tv Rttii.u..™'
in trance on Myrtle sneet. on Wednesday eve mJ
Sovemher 8th, at 7 1-2 o’clock. y evelmib'
business, election of officers and the tian«aclinn of
;uch other business as may come legally bet r„ J
neetlng. C. C. HAYES J
noY(i1'1 Secretary.
Anna F.
[EACHER of the PIANO FORTE
29 SPRING STREET.
Unsatisfactory roferenee given when reouirp.i
oc7 eod 2in 1 cu‘
OFFICES TO EET.
r WO FRONT OFFICES, second story, over stores
Ste improv-ement™merCial “trce,i rtut" “P"™
»^w2wls
ON MARRIAGE.
Essays for Young Men, on great SOCIAL EVILS
nd ABUSJSS, which interfere with MARRIAGE—
’itii sure means ot relief for the'Erring and Unfor
mate, Diseased and Debilitated. Address HOW
.KD ASS( (CIATION, No. 2, S. Ninth St., Philadol
hia, Pa, _ jy 20-bji uig
I ,-ac? i f
__SPECIAL NOTICES'
G0ING TO CHIC AG 0
ri'HE undersigned wan’d respectfully inlorm the public that be intends to remove to Chicago alter Jan
A nary, 1872. llclore that lime we shall sell oar slock ol
Fall and Winter Clothing,
LESS THAN COSTI
Tlir.so who wish to avail themselves ol a good bargaiu will calLimme lia-lely.
100 Overcoats Must be Sold to Save the Freight 11
My friends nud patrons will please accept my heartfelt thanks lor lbe liberal patronage bestowed on me
during my residence m this city.
J. F. SSISir,
1^1 Fore Sti’eet, Portland.
Very Desirable Deal Estate on Middle and Chatham Sts.
FOll SALK AT A 01*15AT BARGAIN!
V A9£e "f'lr J° consiaiing of a ,-2story BrikHouso No. S Chat
ham Street, in go d repair lo. 4G by 50, a good chance tor a Mechanic or business man to get a desirable
borne. Also a brick budding coiner of Middle and Chatham Streets, lot ;i5bt 80- Ai?o lbe ricxa lot
adjoining, containing three wooden itores; lot 55 by 120; and one large wooden stable. Tli s property will
be sold in seperate lots or all together, making in all a lotoi 9J liy 120. dhls is an excellent chance lor in
vestment, as this proierry is sure to increase in value, being on ibe prlm-ipal street in thecitv.
For particulars call on .a it stair
novTtf 171 Fore Street.
M1LLIHERY!<».srms,r
With the increased facilities for purchasing directly from,
Importers at the lowest Cash Jobbers prices,
We are now prepared to offer to our customers and the PubUc
A very choice, all new STOCK OF MILLINERY GOOES,
at prices which cannot fail to give entire satisfaction.
Xadscs’ in want ot a
HAT or BONNET,
Will find it to tlieir advantage to give us a call beiore purchasing.
We sha'.l have constantly on hand a good assortment ot
Ijadicrt’, misdeH’ and Children's
Beady-Trimmed Mats and Bonnets.
Our Selection ol (liildren’s Hoods, and Boy’s Hats nre unsurpassed
in the city.
Silk ata and Bonnets manufactured and trimmed In tbe latest and most approved style tit sliert notice,
p;ices.Velvet, and Velveteen tor Dress Trimming in all colois and shades, constatly on baud at old times
prices. Also all the Now Shades in the best qualities ot Ribbons.
W. JL. gllUSILL, 337 Congress st.
Nov2 SN tf_
The Cause and Cuieot Consumption.
fJ he primary, cause ot Consumption is derangement
ot tlie digestive organs. This derangement produces
deficient nutrition and assimilation. By assimila
tion I mean that process by which tho nutriment ot
the lood is converted into blood, and thence into Ilia
solids ot‘ the body. Persons wiih digestion tbuaim
paired, hiving the slightest predisposition to pul
monary disease, or it they take cold, will bevery li
able to have Consumption of tbe Lungs iu some of
its forms; and i. hold that it will be impossible to cure
any caseoJConsumpLon without firstrestoi inga good
digestion and heallhy aeeimilaiion. 'flic verv lirst
thing to be done is to cleanse the stomat h and bowe’s
from all diseased mucus and slime which is clogging
these organs so that they cannot perform their func
tions, and then rouse up and restore (he liver to a
healthy action. For this purpose, the surest and best
remedy iaSehenck’s Mandrake Pills These Pills
cleanse the stomach ami bowels or all the dead and
morbid slime that is causing disease and decay in the
whole system. They will clear out the liver ot all
diseased’bile that has accumulated there, and arouse
it up to a new and heaity action, by which natural
and healthy bue is secreted.
'ihe stomach,bowels and liver are thus cleansed by
the use ot Sell-nek’s Mandrake Pills; but there re
mains in the stomach an excess ot acid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In tl.e bowels,the
tatteala are weak, aud require strength and support.
It is iu a condition like this that Scheock’* Seaweed
Tonic proves to be the most valuable remedy ever
discoveied. It is alkaline, and ils use will neutralize
all excess ol acid, making the stomach sweet and
iresh; it will give permanent toue to tuis important
organ, and create a good, hearty appetite, and pre
paretbe system for the first process ot agood digestion
and ultimately make good, healthy, living blood.—
Aitor this preparatory treatment, what remains to
cure most cases ot Consumption is tbe tree and per
severing use ot Scltenck’s Pulmonic Sytup. The
Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system, purifies tbe
blood, and is readily absorbed into the circulation,
and thence distributed to the diseased mugs. There
it ripens aU morbid matters, whether in tlie form ot
abscesses or tubercles, and then assists Nature to
expel all the diseased matter iu the torui of free eac
pcctoiation, when once it ripens. It is then, by tho
great healiug and purifying propel ties ot Schenck’s
Pulmonic Sytup, that all ulcers aud cavities are heal
ed up souud and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing Consump
tion is to get up a good anpteite and a good digestion
so that the body will grow iu flesh ami get strong.—
If a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or abscess
there, the cavity cannot heal, tl.e matter cannot rip
en, so long as the system is below par. What is nec
essary to cure is a new order of thing?, a good appe
tite, a good nutrition, the body to grow' in flesh and
get fat; then Nature is helped, the cavities will heal,
ihe mailer wijl ripen and be thrown otl'in large
■jnamities, aud tbe person regain health and strength.
This is the Hue and only plan to cure Consumption,
and if a person 's very bad, it tlie lungs are not en
tirely destroyed, or even it one lung is entirely gone,
if there is enough vitality left in the other to heal up
there is hope.
This is wlmi Sclienck’s medicines wilt do to cure
Consumption. They will ciean out the stomach,
sweeten nud strengthen it, get up a ptod digestion,
and give Natme the assistance she needs to clear the
system ol all the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever the form may be.
It is important that, while using Sclienck’e medi
cines, care should be exercised not to take co'd; keep
iit- ioors in cool and damp weather; avoid night air,
aud take out-door exercise only in a genial and waim
sunshine.
1 wish it distinctly understooa cuat when I recom
mend a nnticut to be earetul in regard to taking cold
while using my medicine. 1 do so lor a special ica
8on. A man who lias but partb.IlyCrecovcreJ from the
effects of a bad cold is tar more liable to a relapse
than one who has been entirely cured, ami it is pre
cisely the same in regard to consumption So long
as the lungs are not perfectly healed, just so long is
there imminent danger ol a tall return ot the dis
ease. Hence it is that I so strenuously caution pul
monary patients agiinsc exposing themselves to an
aimospkere that is not genial ami pleasant. Con
firmed consumptives’ lungs are a mass ot sores,
which the least change of atmosphere will Inflame.
The grand secret oj my success with my medicines
consists in my ability to subdue iuflamation instead
ot provoking it, as uiauv ot the faculty do. An in
flamed Jung cannot wiili safety to the patient be ex
posed ?o ill biting blasts t winter or the chiling winds
of spring or autumn. It should be careiully shielded
from all irrfiating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in this particular, as without it a
cure under almost ary circumstances is an ini possi
bility.
j he person should l»c kept on a wholesome and nu
tritious diet, and all the medicines continued until
the body has reetor:d to it ihe natural quantity ol
flesh aud strength.
1 was myself cured by Ibis treatment ot the worst
kind of Consumption, and have lived to get lat aud
hearty these many years,with one lung mostly gone.
I have cured thousands siuce, and very many have
been cu ed by this treatment whom 1 have never
seen
About the first of October I expect to take posses
sion ot my new building at the north-east corner of
Sixth and Arch streets, where 1 shall be pleased to
give advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my remedies,so that
a person in any part ot the world can be leadily
cured by a strict observam n of the same.
J. Id. SUllEJSCK, M. D., Philadelphia.
CEO. C- UOOmVlN, A CO AgeufM.
BOSTON.
Eu&li.<«h, Aimricaii nnd SScluimi. ISoal
IwiNt and Imitation
Double Barrel Shot Guns!
GFiT* A new lot just received, to be sold at prices
lower than ever.
G. L. BAILEY, 4S EXCHANGE ST.
Jgg^Sigu of tbe Gjklen Kifle. oc 10 cod
Attention, Gentlemen.
Wc have this day received from one of the finest
importing houses in New York (E. ii. Van Ingen
Co.,) a large iuvoice ol
Woolens tor Gent’s Wear.
to which we invite your attention, as we (eel confi
dent we can please you in every particular.
KOLLINi BONO. No 90 Middlest.
Nov 3 sntt
PIANO ROOMS,
Cxi Ito on BIopIi, next City Hall, CongrcMS at
ED. B. ROBINSON,
Has the Exclusively Agency for the
D ETT3 Haa<1 t,,e e'enant Jkwett
PIANO C|fbltTKsJ
Also other standard rnakeis all sold at the lowest
reduced prices. oc25sntf
UOODH^ALTH.
Strong as Is man’s desire for wealth,
Far more to be desired is health;
Without that he may life enjoy,
But want of this will life destroy;
Then of your health take proper care,
In what you cat and drink and wear,
JU SOIUeiUlCg gouu yeui nine emyujy,
Then you will truly life enjoy;
L-t Boys bo “dressed” iu good warm “Clotiies,”
Protecting them from head to feet,
Which they can buy at Gkoroe Fexno’s,
Corner ot Beach and Washington Street.
Boston, Kqt/1. eiHw
GELAHAM FLOUR
OF A SUPERIOR QU 4.LITY
Fresh from the Mill. Also the celebrated
t( P .OSTELS,”
A.ii<l Ollier Olioice Brnndg.
SHAW, IIAIHLiVIOND A CARNEY,
ocU d3m
Fall and V/inter Opening
Mrs. 31. B. CUSHMAN
Win. EXUIBIT
Paris Bonnet? and
Hound Hats,
-ALSO- 1
full assortment ot Millinery A Fancy |;«Nb J
Thursday, November U,
Corner of l{KSS anil OAK STS.
non lw 3
NOTICE
THE
PRICES.
Kerosene Stand Lamps complete, 50 cents.
1 tegular Price, 75 cents.
Kerosene Stand Lamps complete, 00 cents.
Regular price, 85 cents.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, 75 cents
Regular price, $1,00.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $1.00
Regular price, $1 25. p
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $1.50,
Regular price, $2.00.
Kerosene Stand Lamps, complete, $3.00
Regular price, $4'00.
ALL WITH TnE MOST APPROVED.
BURNERS AND SHADES.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, sr»c Regular
price 1.00
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, 1.00 Regular
price $1.25.
Glass Sets, 4 pieces, $1.25; Regular
Price 1.75.
a iiminers per aoz. es cts. Keguiar
price 85c.
Tumblers per doz. 75c. Regular
price 1.00.
Tumblers per doz. 1 OO. Regular
price Sl.t"!.
TiivbMau&iaai. .iur. xirguiar
price 1.50.
Tumblers per doz. 1.50. Regular
price 2.00.
Goblets per dozen, 90c.
Rsgular price 1.10
Goblets per dozen, 1.00
Regular price 1.25
Goblets per dozen, 1.10
Regular price 1.35
Goblets per dozen, 2.00
Regular price 2.50
Goblets, Cut, per doz. 5.00
Regular price 0 00
Bowls, Nappies, Dishes, &c., at
Correspondingly Low Prices
Call and Fxainine,
I t/ I
Cogia Hassan,
I
139 middle

-AiNU
6 Temple st*
October Ptf-dtf
11 i
Procure Tickets
SSHB W. D. Little Cc/s,
OLD PASSENGER TIOKETIAGEN0Y u
Travelers for California
and the IVftI, Snnlh nud Northwest. may ol)
ta n tl>roiaKi. Timet*, by the beat and mast
reliable route* Iron) Portlai.U. or ts.iston. or
New York, to any point denied at the loweat
tale* at the old and reliable Union Ticket Agency,
IF. I). LIT1LE <C CO.,
Office 49 1-2 Exchange 91.
t3P“T<cliable information cheerfully furnished at
a11 unjfcy-_au26d tf sn
UEA PERRIN'S SAUCE.
Pronounced by Counoisseurs
iiTlie Only Good Sauce.”
It i™ loves appetite and digestion,and It is unriv
aled Inr ils flavor.
We are directed by Messrs. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute ail parties making or vending counterfeits.
JOHN JMJNCAN’N MONM,
angl2sn6m_ Agents, New York.
Hew Arrangement S
On Tuesday. Nov 7lh, I shall oiler for sa’o at
Vermouth Fnlln'in the Brick Store, near the
Post Office, a good assortment of Dry 4,3o«d»,<"ro
rrrifH, Flour uud t orn, together with such
>ther artk les as the public may demand.
I shall sell cheap for cash, ami do my best to please
ill who may favor me with their patronage.
^..*>1 ,ii... i. vT nnm*
CARD.
Pobtland, October, t'TI.
Having rellnguished tba Agency for ibo Singer
Janufacturing Co’s., Sewing Machines to Messrs.
rVHEELOCK SAKGENT, wo take plea-ure in
ccomraeuding onr former customers and the publi.
;enerat)y to tbo above named lirm.
oc24-2w WOODMAN, TKO E CO.
Storage. Advances.
Storage to let in first class bonded warehouses on
Jrowu’s Wharf, and Merchants Wharf, and in Port
and Sugar Co’s buildings York Danlorth and Com
uert ial Streets.
Advances made on property stored as above.
Apply to J. B. BROWN SONS,
JylSsn 97 Exchange Street.
FOR SALE
rllE new two story French roof house, just tin
islied, on Cushman st.; tiou*e piped tor Sebago,
nd all the modern improvements. Enquire on the
.remises or No 25 Emery st. J. TENNEY.
sepSdtt su
On Marriage.
lYnppy Relief for Young Him from the el
ects ot errors and abuses in early life. Manhood re
'ored. lnvp’tJiinents to marriage removed. New
net hod cf treatment. New and remarkable nine
lies. Books and Circulars sent free, in sealed cn
elopes. Address HOW A KI ASSOCIATION, No 2
ioutli Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. novbmUhn
SPECIAL NOTICES.
The liest,
The Cheapest,
The most durable
And the Easiest,
SPRING :d,
KVEll MADE!
It will Cost you Nothing
To give it a fair trial at your house.
Tho§. P. Bieah Co.,
SOLE MANUFACTURERS,
97 and 99 IVlAUKEt NTKEET.
Rear of tha Post Office, A'so lhe best aworment of
Chum hoi* Sets
AND OTHER
F URN ITURE.
To be I.mud in thi ity and at the lowest prices.
_CAt* AND NIK! novltlsn
Ladies’ Cloaks
-AND
Winter Jackets,
AT
EASTMAN BRO’S.
339 Congress Street.
October 31- en dtt
Jo. IGo Middle Street,
HI. A. P. MULING
Have received from New York
Silk Veirelw and Nnfhi* in all color?*; Thretid
aod Vlulla Liu-on. I>rr»s and *uelc Mcal?*u«i
Frinten, m ail colors.
ootll lwd then 3weod
IF YOU WANT TO FIT A
Difficult Foot,
ftia to
Palmer's 132 Middle Street
Where you ean g-t a wide or narrow, full or sliu
Hoot, jlist the wTilth and length that will be easy at
graceful, and enjoy the iare luxury ol wearing a per
fect flttiug boot. rep26tt
EXCHANGE
-ON
England, Scotland and Ireland!
Drafts on Hand
-AND
Ready lor Immediate Delivery!
JNJSUMS TO SUIT!
WJ1. E. WOOD,
07 Exchange St.
Aaeiil lor Henry CIIcm'h Co, N, A.
.Tune 27-11 si* __
S. B. GOWELL.
Anticipating leaving the city now offers his entile
stock of Foreign and Domestic Dry and Faucy Goods
at great bargains, and will continue llie sales ouly
uutil he sells his bouse. (See udeeriisement ly Geo.
A*. Davis tf Co.) How is your time to make your
Fall and Winter purchases.
HT*Come early and avoid the rush. stp7-sntf
An Authentic History
Of llic War befwccu Germany and France
with Biographies of the principal actors therein. Al
so an account of the Civil M ar aud llcigti ol
Terror iu Peru. Over 800 page*, and 150,illus
traiions. Sold only by subscription. ATWELL
Ageut lor Portland. aul9eodt,l SN
JNr O TICE.
All Parties wishing to visit Chicago, to see the
ruins of the Great Conflagration, or oiherw.vc,
should call al Grand Trunk Ticket Otiico, opposi»e
Preble House, where tickets can be had at lowest
rates.
ocl7tf sn D. H. BLANCHAKD. Agt.
jPrinters'or Machinists
Wishing for small MTEAIH EWGIHTES, from
1 to 2 horse power, wifi find it to fheir advantage to
call on
.1 H,
99 EXC1IANGK NTREliT.
JiKALJiU IN
Alacliiuist Tools and .-upplies.
o«t4
GOLD DUST!
All Iov;ra ot CHOICE F1.0CR should iuquire
lor this CELEBRATED BRAND. eei^dSmo il
They sell the above Flour at the
JAPAN TEA STORE,
Fluent Block,
sep27-sneodtf Exchange 9t.
TV O TICE!
THE Cigar store that was advertised for sale at 229
Congress street, lias removed hack to the old
stand on Exchange street, where I will still maim
jacture the choicest brands of cigars. I will iuvite
all my cuslomers aud friends in general to call and
examine my goods and get posted on the pi Ices.
have all brands ot Imported Cigars, and fine brands
ot Smoking Tobacco.
1 want two first class Cigar Makers—no poor ones
wanted. E. PONCE, No, SO Exchange St.
yl-tf
Stock Stand for Sale
As I contemplate leaving tha cl'y will sell my
slock and place ol business at gre it d scount.
1 shall sell at retail cheaper (ban ever until I close
out my stock of
Ship Timber, Plunk, Spurs, Kucm, Deck
ing, and Tr.vuniU.
Also 30,000 Cedar R. R. Sleepers, exha size.
For particulars call on Ia. TAYLOIS,
sept 19-sntt 170 Commercial st.
Sterling Exchange.
Bills on Baring Bros. Co.,
Union Bank of London.
A
AND THE
Provincial Bank cf Ireland
A aid nil ila UrnueheH.
For sale in sums to suit, by
J. B. BROWN SONS,
jet3-sntt 97 Lxchangc St*
Great Reduction in Prices.
If you want more pictures for yonr money, than
you ever received betore,* call at the
Portland Photograph Gallery,
n /x -mm -9 -9 r r> _
ov jrs. cicvc':«? xrt»
Look at some of (be prices,
8 Laige Fcrrot>p*.e 50 rent*,
Forme:' pi ire I OO.
12 Caid Ferrotype* 541 eeiai*,
Foi mcr price I OO.
72 Tin Type* 50 cent*.
Foi mer pi ice I 00
Picture* in Frniite 75 cent*.
PhotogrnphH $2 OO Per lloz.
l3T*For children uuder live years of age, an addi
tional price will be charged.
A. S. DAVIS CO.
nol su 2w
THOSE in want ol Plain or Fancy Job Printing
will find it to tbeir advantage to call on W m. .m
M ARKS, at llie Daily Press Job Printing Ex
change Street. Portland.
MARRIED
In this city. Nov. 5. by Iter. W. E. Gibbs. Cap*.
Clias. H. Uieen and Mrs. Ann If. Woodbury, both ul
Portland.
Iu Ill's city, Nov. 5, bv I<ev. W. H. Fcdh, Leauder
Clements, oi Westbrook, and Miss Alary 4. A I.'ey,
oi Bridgton.
hi Balb. Nov. 2, NathM E. Thompson and Miss El
len J. Moulton, both of Pittston
In North Livermore, Oct. 5, Eben H. Hinkley and
Costella M Boyant.
In Lewiston, Oct. U, Ru ns II. Groves and Sarah
Maloon.
lu Hebron, Oct. 12, Geo. H. Boirce, of Minot, and
Emma A. Alien, ol Bucktiuld.
DIED.
In this city, Nor. 4, Jonathan Morgan, Esq., aged
93 years 8 months.
In this city, Nov. 8. Charlie Blanchard, infant sen
uf Henry S. and Phebe E. Libby, aged f months.
(Funeral Ibis (Tuesday) afternoon, at 2J o’clock,
at No. 38 Centre street.
In Windham, Nov. ft. Mrs. Sarah Hall, widow of
the late Ellas Hall, of Jefferson, N H., aged 9ft years
ft month# 28 days. [New Hampshire papers please
copy.]
In Bath, Oct. 31, Miss Maria F. Riggs, aged 24
years 10 months.
In Lineal nr i He, Oct. 3, Mrs. Abby W. A. Reed,
aged 78 3 ears.
I11 Warren. Oct 4, Mrs. Eliza Richmond, aged 71
years 1 mouth.
I11 Augusta, Oct. 15, suddenly, Mrs. oar ah A wiio
ot John Dulon, aged tU> years.
DEPAKTIKE OF OCKAN ST HA 41 Kits
NAME. WHERE FROM. DESTINATION.
Samarttyn.Quebec.Liverpool.Nov
City of Brooklyn ..New York.. Liverpool.Nov
India.Now York. .Glasgow.Nov
Difyoi Merida.New York. .VeraCruz-N0v
Abyssinia. New York.. Liverpool.Nov
Nevada.New York Liverpool.... Nor 8
Russia.New York.. Liverpool.Nor 8
Uolunioia.New York .Havana.N >v 0
St Patrick.Quebec.Glasgow.Nor 9
Prussian. Quebec .Liverpool.Nov 11
::»Wbria.New York.. Liverpool.. Nov 11
Dleopslia.New York..Havana.. wn,
Java...New York. I Jvcrpool...].Nov 13
Missouri...,.,.New York..Havana.. hZ u:
idsrol.aM'e.New To*.. I'ovaoa Nov i«
Kvol Mexico.New York. .Auvftr (In i Vn..
H.-nr,Ctjuncey...New York..AspimCl 'n!*
JCttilJiiUYiku.,.,, Quebec.Liverpool..'.;>uv 4
iff min i AtrunDiic..November 7.
nr* rises. ,t>.41 I Moon rises.12.30 AM
uu Sets...i.itf I nigh water.7.00 I'M
MAH1 JST-h: :n ewb.
I’O&r or PORTLAND*
Mouduy, Nov. G.
ARRIVED.
S< earner New England, Field, Boston lor East
•ort and St Join, MI.
liarqna Josephine.' Haven, Boston, to R Lewis
Jo to loud lor Buenos A vies.
Sob Lookout, Thompson, Boston.
Scb Zingo, Pope, Boston.
Sch Lucy Church,-, Boston.
Sell Prize Robbins, Boston to load tor Calais.
Scb L VV Pierec, t- ill, Boston.
Sch Oriole, Rob nsou, Boston.
Sch Margie. McFadden, Saleiu, to load leading lor
Philadelphia.
Sch Oregon, Dunten, Booth bay-dry fish to Due a
6 Co.
Sloop Cornelia, Grove*, Well’s Beach.
OUTSIDE—Barqne Nonpareil, iro:u Boston, (fly
ng tlgual lor a tug.)
CLEARED.
Steamer Diiigo, Johnson, New York—Henry
fox.
Sch Promenndcr, (Br) Crockett, Hantsport, NS.
Sob Dexalo, Rich, Boston.
Scb Idaho, Davis, which arrived at this port ?d Inst
rtan New York, made the passage out and back in
Li days, taking lull cargos each way. The piev.ous
rip was made in 13 days.
Launched—-At Camden a few days ago, bv Capt
John K Diiilev. a gebr of 3<0 ton*, fold measute) nan;
3d Annie Jones, owned by the builder and pm tics in
St George, aud to bo commanded by Cupl ltoieit
Jones.
FROM MERCHANTS EXCHANGE.
Ar at Philadelphia Gth, brig liyperi >n, Woodbury,
Portland.
Ar at New York 5th. selisRCol Eddy. MeBetm, an I
Geo BrookP, Hu id prey, Portland; Ms L Howard*
Harrington Bauuie Westbrook, Littlejohn, aim
Ueui.troin do.
UEraOKANDA.
Scb* Ajr nora (ot Ellsworth) .Iordan, turn War
t- n.Kl, lor Weymouth, aud May Queen,Han*
c ek) Hoss, iron) Boston toi M&scjuilo lull, KU, were
in c jlli.dcn off Gay Head night ot the 3d Inst and
pip Into V'Uefaru-Haven next day to repair. The
Agcnorabad boll works and bows bully stove, head
gear carried iw-av. and lost anchor and chain. The
May Queen had bowsprit broken, head gear canh d
awn\ and bulw irks stove.
Sch Sea Foam, Pendleton, ol and from Bangor for
Fall Kiver, was run into night ot the 3d in«t near
Yibeiard-Haven, and had quarter stove, aud sustain
tamed other domatre.
Sch Pallas, French from New York lor Rockland,
got iu collision with Br schr Mary 3d Inst, and loaf,
bowsprit and everything attached, and was cut down
to the deck.
Scb Edwin A Stevens.of and from Bangor lor Bos
ton. was towed into Buck?port 3lj»t tall id water, she
having sprung ab-ak in u heavy sea off Moiihegan
and irumcdiaL-ly tilled. Will dLcharge.
SAN FRANCISOO—Cld 27lh, ship Wm Woodbury
Herriman. ('alluo.
Cla 28th tilt, ships Puritan,Doane. tor Hong Kong;
Good Hope, Williams, Port Tunrnrend
GALVESTON—Ar 28lb, barque llenry Plitner,
D“ kcv. New York
NEW ORLEANS—Ar 30th ult, V uque Caidena*,
Sandberg, Havana.
MOBILE— M 30th, aril St Croix, Kutou, Boston.
D*RfKN-Cld 30th, sell Tarry Not, Tiumiotm, lor
Philadelphia
SAVANNAH—Lid 4th, brig J Bi> km ore, Henley,
Providence
WILMINGTON—Ar 1st, brig Lima, Uiil.N York;
sell Kueka, Wallace, do.
Cld 1st. 8i.h C W HoK Hart, Boston.
FORTRESS MON ROE—Ar 4th. barque Ameri can
Llovds. Park. Live pool, for order*.
PHILADELPHIA-Ar 2d, »ch Bertl.a Sender,
Woos'er, Richmond.
Cld 3d. §cb Vtt^, Henderson, New Orleans
NEW YORK—A r 'id, barque E phi aim Williams,
Stevens. Dix Island; whs Lark,Guptiil, Providence;
Forest rifv, Murch Calais.
Ai 4th, brigs J Leighton, Leighton, fru MillbrUlgc;
Milwaukie. straut, Newport; kCbs.JCNa-h r,,w
ley. Si John. Ml Hattie Ellen. Dix. do tor Philadel
phia: Louis Walsh, Ke'ley. Calais; E S Cothn. CVtllu
Wliitt'mg: Lucy Hammond, Cote. Mathias: Julia K
Gamago. Pitcher, and Empress, Kennedy. Roekiand;
Rio, Nuhor, Sliulee, NS; Nautilus, Crockett, Kock
land Victor, Look, MachaU; Flora King. Cook, do;
Pearl. Snith, Vinaibaven; Morelight. Young, and
Storm Petrel, DavO, Caleisj Sno* Squall, Noiton,
Ktckland; SparteL Smith, New .Haven: L B Sar
gent Sargcut. Vinaibaven; Marv Elizabeth, King,
Bangor; He-pern*. Conary, Bluehill; George* Em
ily. Harris. Providence; Enlerpilse, Leigbion, do;
Laconia, Hall, do; Bengal, Hatch, and Angeli c,
Robins <n. Rockland; Z Snow, Thorndike Fleet wing
Nash; Cali-da. Spear, and Equal, Til Oft. do: Ontario,
Parsons. Calais; W B Darling. Smith, Portland;
Sea Bird. Vinaibaven; EG Knight, Gilmoie, Cam
den: N Clifford, Sliute, Bangor.
Cld 4th. brigs Nellie Hasttd, Ma’oney, lev Lisbon;
Clara P Gibbs, Parker St Kitts; L H Cole. June*,
Galveston s- bs Eva Adell, Eaton, lor Apalachicola;
Mercv T Trundy, Warren, Port Henry; Koloti, Jua
per, Wilmington.
NEW HAVEN—Ar 3d, ech Venu3, Coggins, Pem
broke.
PAWTUCKET—Ar 4th, sch Telegraph, Nickerson
Gardiner.
Sid 4Hi, sch Montrose, Allen, New York.
PROVIDENCE—Ar 3d. sebs Olive, Reynolds, a-d
Dia, Bullock, Calais; A Heath, Warren. K»ug>r;
Jaa Ti'deo, Jordan, and Abigail Haynes Smith, tm
Ellsworth; Telegraph, Nickerson. Gardiner; Citizen,
Upton, Portland; Mountain Laurel, Gould, and Ol
ive, McFarland, Bangor.
Below 4th, brig Jos Clark. Siahl.fr in Pittston;
•chi Gen Bank*. Pilzrera'd. front Calais; P Coffin,
Batson, and Nora. W’allace. trom Ma- hias.
Ar rrtli, sclis Walton, Gardiner, Bath; Olive. Id
Ear'and, and Izetta, Smith, Bangor; Angeline, Rob
inson. arc Oregon. Pinkhain, Rockland
Sid 4th. sebs Ida S Burgess, Mary Shields, Palo*,
and Alvarado.
Sid 2.1, sob Mfiusflcld, Achorn, New York.
FALL R(VBK—Ar fth.sebaSea Foam, Pendleton,
and Porto Rico. Wentworth, Bangor; Gto W Whit
ford. (new) Eddv. Bafb.
NF.W BEDFORD—Slil 4th, sebs Union, Arey, New
York: Julia Baker, Baker, Gardiner.
Ar 5ib, sot s S C Harr, Kelley, Philadelphia: Har
vest Home, Hodgkin*, Bangor; Ana, Stratton, Sul
ViNBYARD HAVEN—Ar 3d, gch Alice Oake*,
Marson. Port Johnson tor Portland.
BOSTON—Ar 4tn, noli' Bob. Warwick, fiu Calais;
Webham et B anlman. and T B Jon s. Young, Ma
Ctnai; Creel I«. pj> lo,. T W Jtllwn, Hul l, r
Denn ysville: Luelta. Hny. Ellsworth Neponsc',
St'aiton. Sullivan; Peace. Wait*, Joncspo^t; Clara
Norton, Gray, and Rough A Ready, Creamer, Ban
gor F'lzabeth, Walls, and H P Cushiilg, Mann, do;
Mai!. Linscotr, Gardiner.
Old 4tb, sobs Montebello, (Brl Wil'iams, St John,
NB, via Port;and; Winona; Wcctwonb, banger:
Surun, Sears, Kenr.ebec.
Ar Bth, gibs Hannibul.Coonan, Deer Isle: Cabinet,
MilN Bangor: Pemaquid, Fos>ett, Bristol; Bona
venture, Knight, and Gen Grant, Varnum, Booth
bay.
Ar 6tb, sob* Jodah Whiteliouso, Barker, George
town. D J; Silver Bell. Bailey, KlizaLefb|H>rt; Sena*
tor, Pmkharn. Im MillbiMge; Caressa, Sa«Her. Ells
worth; Nellie Carr, LansU, Bangor; R P Chase, Col
lins and Napoleon, Smith, do; Vioior, Dyer. Frank
lin; U L Kenney, Wallsca, Tbomaiton; A iee. Nut
ter. Wiscasset; Nile, Oliver, Bath; Keren Happticb,
0 ivor. and E A Cutting, Preble, do.
CldOib, brig Nitnwaukie, Perkins, tor Galveston;
sch Caspian, Thompson, Macbias.
NANTUCKET—S!d 8tb, sch Porrestor, Joidan,
Bangor.
SALEM—4r3d. sebs Caroline, Howard, Calais;
Albatros, Gray, Bangor; Adeline, Darby, and Fred
Reed. Pendleton, do.
Ar 4tb. sebs Sea Breeze, Freatkr, Calais: Van Bu
ren. Soavey, do; Commonwealth, Cross, do.
CM 4i l« sell Pearl. Uook u, Saco.
Below Bth. brig Adaline Richardson, trom Macbias
(or VVo*r Indies.
1)AN VERS—Ar 5tb, sch Jas Lawrence, Spragne,
Calms. _
A,I'f,fNYBi;iiYPoK r“*r 4,b* *tcLs Alpine. Elliot,
Mill bridge; M L Varney, Dunham, Bain; $i>eiker,
Matthews, Bangor.
Sid 4th. sclis Carrie L Hix, Hlx, Rockland; George,
Bradbury, do.
I’OREIGX POUTS.
Ar at Alexandria, E, prev to 4th inst, barque No
Tah, Uibbii New York.
Arut Batavia 13tii u?t, sblp Bengal, Bates, (torn
Boston.
At Montevideo Sept 29, brigs Amv A Lane, Carver,
and Walter Srulilt. Smith, lor New York.
At Sagua 1st inst, barque Almira Coombs, WiL-on,
lor lurks islands.
SPOKCY.
uJSI ?'Ci V *5 l ,n4044. torque Scotland, from
Philadelphia lor Rotterdam.
NEW A DYERTISEMENTS
IMPORTED
FrcB&cfli Wailed.
rr ilK Su’scriher would respcc;lully inr.inn lie
1 cltluensol Pot Hand and vicinitv that while in
Europe he perfected arrangemenls with one of the
best wire house, In France tosapplv him will. (h.u u
and put, w ines, either lor meukal.'cuokinv or table
use.
The subscriber has taken the (tore,
a4S t'o.grr*. Hu vet, In tier Caiignw Hull.
where lie has just received his first invoice. Amoutr
his stock may be found the celebrated
Vin Blanc Doux.
Tills is a frrorit i article as a Communion Wlue, and
is murh praised amon» the elertfy nil over K.rnpe;
also the moth renowned w no bitten Itom the house
ot NOBI.T.Y PUATT&CO., Marsell’oa
P. S-—N'o drink sold oa the premises.
novS-tm H. PKYRRT.
Corns Extracted for 25o. each,
Without l*nin or Drawing Blood.
OUNIONS, In-growing Kail*. Enlaiged Joints,
Chi Mains. and all otb^r detects ol the feet,
caiefully and si illu ly treated by
DE-S- H- LEWIS, Surgeon Chirop?tlI»t>
1'roio^J ondoB, England.
i/mrua r-n?nrs niocc, congress street, opposito
Niw City Hall.
Office hours from 8 a. m. until 8 p. si.
N. 1> Ladies and Gentlemen attended to at their
residence?, if desired,ut any hour of the day. no7-Ciu
M. O. 31. A.
Ax Adjourned Meeting of the Maine Clnrlfab’e
Mechanics* Association will be held In the Li
brary Room Thursday evening, Nov. 9, at 7j o’clock,
A tu II attendance f members and Heir families is
requested, ks flie question of Lecturoa and Debates
will be continued.
GEORGE A. HARMON, Sec ’y.
House Wanted Immediately,
110 c.mtiin 8 room.*, 2 stogie., centrally located
Pr'cc cot t»exceed $.7,non. Any perron tuyinir'
such a liouJB can liear ol a cash customer l.v apply
I'lyin/ at Cltv Employment Office, 35U Conarcsa it
•i:ov7-3t
H. Peyret Ac Oo.
IMPORTERS OF
French Wines
Wholes ale Retail
ttoy76‘" S48 tOHCB1,N kTIIElT.
Army and Navy Union Hall,
(I.ate Brown's Hall,)
WILt.',e.kt lor. Lectures, Concerts, Levees, ami
l‘r,vate Parties, ou liberal terms. Two draw
h 7„ n,tl’w‘dt,er closcte, Ac., connected with the
HaW* Apply to
fti GKO. R. DAVIS AGO.,
oc2lncweodtf At the Hall.
FOR ELLS^ WOR Til.
Schooner Ocean will take Freight
Tuenlaj and Wednesday Nov. 7th and
J^S^dK^8ih at Long Wharf.
nov7ti* Apply cn board.
For Bale!
HOr.SK and la-ga lot ot land on the corner of
Glark and Sa ein street. The hon-e is won ar
ranged for two tali’Hies. Will sell ail or part "t r
land as mav su»t puiclraiers. Terms essv. pa
ticulars inquire ot _ U M.K JOBi.
uov7-lw tn Sturdivant a Wbaif.