YESTERDAY'S PARADE.
The Procession in Honor of the
Executed Communists.
UNBROKEN QUIET.
"The World Is Our Country; to Bo
Good Oar Religion."
The Order of March and General Char
acter of the Demonstration.
The demonstration, under the auspices of the In
ternational Society, in honor of Roesel and hla fellow
victims took place yesterday, without interference
on the part of the police or the slightest confusion
or disturbance among the general puhlio. The
refusal at first of the authorities to silow the proces
sion to take place undoubtedly gave It greater
Unporiauoe than it merited, and bad there
been no fuss made about It it- would
hare passed off without exciting any special
attention or interest. Many of the members of tho
International themselves disapproved of the origi
nal objects of the parade, standing by the avowed
doctrine of the society, that it is a social, and not a
political organisation, and disclaiming its connec
tion in any direct way with that dreadfal tragedy of
Communist revolution. This was certainly one
reason why the procession of yesterday was not any
thing 'like as successful a demonstration as the
Right Hours' parade a lew months ago.
Long before the hour named for the start of the
procession the Bowery and Third avenue wero
thronged with people, who, either as spectators or
aotual participants, intended to add to the effect of
the procession, as Is usually tho case, however,
the actual processionists were far in the
jji^jority. The one grand mistake in tho
demonstration was tne apparent oversight or
Its leaders to provide sufficient means of
organising* tUcir"loi'ce?. *ThIif~"wafl HIT tno
more singular since mnnv of thorn are undoubtedly
well acquainted with this prime necessity of a suc
cessful parade by former experience In working
men's parades. There were none of the nsnal (and
necessary) captains, mounted on horseback and dis
tingnishcd by means of rosettes and sashes, to
marshal into respectable order the masses who
constantly thronged to the place of meeting.
Owing to this many who fully intended to "turn
out" with the procession, but who were unattached
to any particular organization, got discouraged and
contented themselves with merely looking on in
stead of themselves displaying their sympathy with
tho martyred heroes of the Commune.
By half-past one all the streets near" the Cooper
Institute were mlrly filled with people, and it was a
dliliouli matter to force one's way along the sidewalk
or even along the middle of tno road, while the cars
were every now and t Don hopelessly blocked. Tho
various associations that were to take part in the
procession, however, quietly formed on the side
streets, tho head of the procession taking up a posi
tion on Eighth street. This was, according to
previous arrangement aud In order to show
the indifference of the International to
every prejudice of color or caste or race, a
company of colored troops, the Bkldmore
Guard. They were cn'y thirty-five in number, bat
their handsome uniforms and well-cleaned arms
gnvo them a yery creditable appenrance. Seventh
street was jccunied with various trado union
organization? and a number of ladlesi Three or
lour score Cubans, with a handsome banner in
scribed "Lameros del Caraaffttci/," took np their
station in Sixth street. Fifth street woe held by a
section or two of the International. The great
centre of interest, however, was Fourth street,
whero stood tho catafalque In honor of Roasel,
Fcrre, Bi urgoots and Cremieux. The catafalque
ttseff was quite an imposing affair. It was drawn
by six t gray norses, au covered with black over
cloths. The boay ox tho comfit was octffipied by a
large coffin, draped in macs, and festooned with
running strips of black and white hangings. At
either side of the drivor, who wore a rod sash,
were too red flags, surmounted with Utile pennons
of crape, a number of wreaths or immorteUes
were hung on various parts of the catafalque?
wherever, indeed, thero was a convenient projec
tion?and on either side of tho coach there was
worked into tne cloth drapery the motto?
To tho Martyrs of the
Universal Kepuulto.
This huge iuncreal bier was attended by repre
sentatives of the various sections, eacn or whom
bore the red flue of his association. Immediately
behind It was a Cuban organization, headed with a
handsome red and blue slilt flag of tlio Cuban and
Venezuelan volunteers. Each corner wus draped
with civile. Then came a French seciiou of the in
ternational, who bore, in addition to their own ban
nor, a flag presented by tho people of Lyons to tne
"American Legion," who volunteered in tho last
Franco-Prussian war In tho service or tne republic.
In tne rear of these iuslguia wcro tho men who
wero most Interested in the parade. Many of
them had themselves participated in that last
terrible conflict iu Paris, and nearly all were
rci usees. Jt was, indeed, a study lor an artist to
uttcuuvoly observe their faces. The couutenauces
were altogether different, uot only In type, but in
expression, iroin those whlcu we are accustomed
t? sco in a crowd ol Americans. Haggard, sorrow
worn and seared t>y misery and disappointment,
they impressed themselves upon tne memory
Witn an Indelible mark', and It needed but
a slight exercise oi lancy to trace out
In them ltto histories, which were probably
not very lar (roiu (he truth, remaps, indeed, they
have been only hoping for the advent of some im
possible political Liopla; but at least they bavo been
nnsellisli lu their alms, and devoted even to the
point or taking up their lives in their hands and de
fending the as use which they believed to represent
truth and progress and Justice. Though scathed
with the traces of unsuccessful struggle, most of
litem showed traces of lnqate heroism
and nobleness, U for once U19 spectator
allowed htmseir to separate the man from nis
slovenly, perhaps eveu dirty, raiment.
immediately behind the Frenchmen came several
other sections, partly German and one American,
whose banners were some or them worthy or notloe.
Among 1 no rest was one handsomely nam ted device
ol Mime allegorical figures, surrounded by the follow
ing logeud:?
''A. r, r/4.
iTiio Spirit of tho Commune Expands as the \xai
is Laid ou the Necks of Its Martyrs. t
Tho lonljwlsff r.uiar niouggj wore ijlso borne:?
T The World is Our Country to Do Wood Our i
j itjllglOQ.
&44 444+44-4+44-44-4444*4-44 V//
"And They 'lad Ail Tilings in Common," j
All or tho Internationals proper woro a lit'ie
strip ol red rib >011 iu n buttonhole of their coats.
Tim line. liOtyiY'M', tfjts h<? absolutely uniform, but
varied froin bloooronwTthft. There were also a
few red aaslios, but hot tofiny.
About tyjro o'clock 1I10 procession formed. Mr.
Hanks, lo vvltooc cltoi'ts iho porniishtoii to hold the
parnde ts to a great extent duo, with two other
gentlemen, all of whom wore red sashes, assumed
the place 01 honor at the head 01 the dcuioustratlou.
liiimedutt-'iy beutud thoni camo a selcet com
naay or ladies and gentlemen; than fop
lowed tho colored guards, and the various
?eclioiis of tho society ana other ussocuitlous
participating III the parnde. The ladies, among
win ni were tno "woman brokers," Mcsdames Wood
luiU and Clafliu, were perhaps tho most novelfpft.
turo in tho parade, and irow upon themselves the
eyes of all spectators. Miss cUflin even bore a
banner In the earlier part or the route, though he
was compelled uy fatigue to give it up after si.e lud
0 rrlod it ha'.f a nine u 0.
'I here can be no don t that from the demeanor of
the general public u ho looked 0:1 Hut tne Interna
tioual Society l not as yet a very popular n.-soctn
Don. Tho co t:mcuts inndo ou tho appear
ance 01 Its members, however, were by no
moans nncompltuictiury, and thts favorable
Criticism was certainly deserved. Tho uieu as a
body, 111 spite 01 a certain foreign Incongruity of
costume, wore fully as earnest and respectable a
gathering as the general run of Now ^oik proces
sions. They walked straight along at a laptd
pace and iu ported silence, w.ttiout looking to tno
right or left or interesting themselves in any way as
to the eiTuct nicy produced upon the lines Of spOvia
tors between whom they passed. Taey wero ro
celveil everywhere in slienco; ni no part of ine
route was there oven the fntuted cheer 01 sympathy
and support. There can bo no noubt-, however, that
they tiad many friends in the crowd, but fho.-o
wisely refrained irmu giving tho enemies of the
demonstration-*tr there were any desirous of cre
ating a disturbance, as has ucen feared und stated
In soino ipinrters?tno siighivst chance of breaK.ng
up the parade.
The police, apparently in pursuance of orders,
let the procession scycrsly aiouo. Noi only did they
pot lutcriore lu any way with its formation or pro
gress hoi they carried this point of in .surlv Iliac
uviiy tw tuc polut oi evvii icuiuj the tiowd throng
In upon the procession. It has always been usual
for the authorities to keep the streets clear ana
force the spectators to take ap their position upon
the slaewalks, but In this case the people were al
lowed to path in upon the processionists, and even
Jostle them as they passed aionir. In groin* up
Broadway, for example, the Internationals were
fairly Jammed together by the pressure of the crowd
into a confused mass, and had there been any evll
dlsnosed persons who desired to oreak np the
parade the police would have been powerless to
prevent It. The Interue.tiouals themselves, how.
ever, do not complain of thus being denied the com*
moncst courtesy of protection. They simply
wished for liberty to pass along the streets,
and having got that they profess themselves per
fectly satined. The police, however, were prepared
for the event of a disturbance, should one occur?if
not to prevent the breuk-up of the procession, at
least to prevent the disturbance rising into a serious
riot. In many of the side streets compact bodies
were drawn up in readiness to clear the inorough
lares at a moment's notice should the occasion glvo
them an excuse tor doing so.
It is hard to say exactly how many men particl*
patcd in the paraue, but their numbers were some
where between Qfteeu hundred and two thou
sand. The procession moved along at the rate
01 two miles and a h%|f or even three miles
an hour, and It look seven minutes in
passing, not connimg the dozen or so of
carriages that brought up tbo extreme rear. F.veu
allowing for the break between the different bodies
of men they were so closely packed together ihat
the estimate given above Is rather an under-estimate
than otherwise of the actual numbers. Most
of the sections, it must be taken into account,
walked 0ve and six abreast.
The route taken was from the Cooper Institute
down the Bowery to Great Jones Htreet and thence
throngh Waverlev place, Filth avenue, Thirty-fourth
street, ttlxth avenue and Fourteentn street. A hall
was made at Lincoln's monument, and most of the
processionlata took off their hats in honor of the
mariyr President. Tne procession then proceeded
aown Broadway and anally broke up at the Cooper
Jnsttiutc. and the -men peaceably and quietly
dispersed.
L'lNTERNATIONALE.
General Rules and Administrative Regulations
by Which the Association is Governed.
Its Declaration of Principles?The General Coun
cil and ItB Duties?Who May Become Moid
bars?The Internal Machinery by
Whieh This Powerful ^Organiza
tion is Kept in Motion.
As Ctrf reMerS Aro aware, |he flrqUde^ of tu^ In
ternational Associailon of VVorilugmeu waff coR.
ceived during the course or a visit which a deputa
tion of Parisian artisans jpald to the Universal Exhi
bition in London In 1892. They had been sent
thttber, at the expenso of their comrades, to study
the general condition of European industry, and
while there became acquainted with English work
men and got initiated into mo hatnrif of 'trades'
anions and the manner of conducting strikes, in
their dtsousslons upon the latter tuey came to the
conclusion that if tbo principle of co-operation In
strikes was beneficial to workingmcn when applied
to one country It would be rar more effective if ap
plied on a grander scale throughout Europe. Thus
was thrown out the pasls of an international asso
ciation whose members should engage themselves to
support each other In all countries wherever strikes
should be deemed necessary to their interests, and
It was agreed that a great European meeting or
delegates of worklngmen should he held m London
In 1864. This meeting took place on September 28
of that year, Id St. Martin's Hall, London, and was
attended bv various representatives of roroign na
tions; but la tbe (wo years that bad elapsed since
the inception tbe original project was then found
to have grown considerably and to have assumed a
much more omnpreheusivo form than was
at first designed. A committoo elected at
this meeting was charged to draw up the
statutes of the association, and to act
as a Central Provisional Council nntll the fall of
1866, when It was decided that a General Cougress
of the working ciaases should be held In Geneva,
Switzerland. The statutes drawn up by this Couucll
were prefaced by a declaration of principles de
claring the reasons (hat urged the establishment of
the association. The provisional rules and reguia
ttons which were thus prepared were adopted, wltu
a few auditions, at the Geneva Congress; but siuce
then they have been revised by the successive Cou
greases, and final g.by a Conference nclu In Loudon
In September lastt The statutes, as mas revised,
form the constitution of tbo International Associa
tion, and, with tne reasons for its establishment, or
tbo declaration of principles, are here summarized.
BEASONg FOB TUB FOUNDATION OF THE INTKKNA
T10NAL.
Id the declaration or principles which, we re*
peat, preface the regulations or the association,
and wnlch are given as the reasons that have
stimulated the foundation of the International
Worklngmen'a Association, It Is considered that
the emancipation of the working classes must bo
conquered by tuo w oak men 'themselves, and that
tho struggle tor their emancipation does not mean
a straggle for class privileges and monopolies, but
for equal rights and auues, and tho abolition of all
class ruio; and that servitude In all its lorms?social
misery, mental degradation and political de
pendence?is the result of the economical
subjection of the workman to the monopolizer
of the means of labor?that is the source of lile; and
tnerciore the ultimatum to which every political
movemeut ought to tend is tho economical emanci
pation of the woiking classes; and it is believed
that the reason that all efforts aiming at that great
end have heretofore failed Is found in the want or
solidarity between tho manifold divisions of labor
In each country and in the absence or o frr.ternal
bond of union between the working classes of differ
ent nations. It is asserted thui the emancipation of
labor is neither local nor national, but a social
problem embracing all countires la which modern
society exists, and depending for its solution
on the concurrence, practical and theoretical, of
the most advanced countries; and that, while a new
hope is raised by the preseui revival or tho working
classes In tho most industrial countries of Europe,
It presents a solemn warning against a relapse luto
the old errors, ami calls for tno Immediate combi
nation ot tlie still disconnected movements.
TUB griuir IN WHICH THE jlCI.KS HAVE BEEN
tvnIt
DRAWN dp
Is stated to be the declaration that all sod tics
and individuals adhering to the Association shall
acknowledge truth, justice aud morality us tho
oasis ot their couduet towards each other turn to
wards all men, without regard to color, creoit or
nationality; and it id aiiumed that the society
acknowledges
"NO Htours WITHOUT DUTIES. NO DUTIES WITHOUT
RIGHTS."
The obloels for which the International Associa
tion Is established are pronounced to t>c the forma
tion or a contiai luCUidm Of c6ti)uwhlontlon and e.
operation between worklaginou's sociotloi existing
in different countries aud aiming at tno same end?
the protection, advancement anu complete eman.et
pa'lqn of tfie Woikihff chs&S, due legislative
power of th6 assoclaiiou Is vc3!cii Iif w j
THE GENERA], WORKIXQMEN'S CON OEMS,
whlcU uiocu annually andcfflsists of delegates of 1
it llivi| ui'-via tiiiuuituj Ull't Wil?
tn^ priikpcs of the as.-iclution. The duties that
rtcvofve uiidti tills Congress arc
ato tne proclaiming of
tho oomifton a^plrailous 01 tho working ckws.s,
adopting measures reqntPtie for the successful j
working of tho international Ai'ociutlou, receiving
the public accounts 01 the annual truusnctloiM
of ihe General Council, and npnoiuting the uener.il
Council of the society for the coming year, as well
as lixuig the time and place for the meeting of
Ihe tio.xt annual Congress. The delegates appointed
to tho congress asscmb e at ihe appoiuted time and
place, without auy special invitation. In case of
need, however, ilie General Council lias tne power
of changing the place, but not of postponing the
time of meeting; but, on 'lie contrary, In cases of
omergeucy, it can convoke the congress before the
regular yearly term. Up to tne orcsent time Micro
have been four Congresses. The first met at Geneva, I
Switzerland, on the &tn September, iscfl; tne
second at Lausanne, Switzerland. on tne 'id
(September, if07; the third at Brussels, Bel
gium, on the flth September, i?68, and tne rouvth
at Basle, Switzerland, on the ath September, 1S(W. 1
Tho Congress ol 1870 was appointed to be Held in
Paris, out the meeting was prevented ov tiie Kianco
Prussian ff?r, and, ns tiie General council din uot
name any other piaco of a.-.^euiiiiy, no congress was
held in that year. Neither has there beeu anv
Congress held tins year of the same public character
as those mentioned; but instead tnercor
A 8EGRET CONFERENCE WAS HK(.I) Af LONDON,
from Mie I7ih to the aid ol last September, at winch
twenty-six delegates were present. It was con
sidered, lu the present still unsettled state of
Europe, and the untlpAihy that nas been raised
agaln.-i ue international of late, thai
It would be liiiauvi-it j to liold a
public Congress this year, as a would t>e doubtful
Whether It woulu be a success, ti was 'hue resolved
to invite a few delegate" from each country In
which the association is established to a private
conference, at which the organization and future
policy of the association should be considered.
TUR GENERAL COUNCIL,
tne members and locale or which are annually ap
pointed by the General congress, lio- power to add
to its numbers, it consist4 oi wortiugmen trom the
different couutrus represented la ih? tusocmii ou,
and eiectB irom its own members the officers neces
sary for the transaction of Its business, such MB
treasurer, a general secretary, correapoadlBg
taries for the different countries, 4c. is at present
constituted It Is as follows:?
MEMBERS OK TIIM GENERAL COUNCIL.
R. Applegarih, M. T. Boon, Fred. Braunlck.O.H.
Buttery, E. Delahaye, Eugene Uupont, Win. Hales,
G. Harris, Hurliman, Jules Johannard, Harriet uaw,
Fred. 1-essner, Lochner, Ch. Lonquet, t. Martin.
2evy Jiaunce, Henry Mayo, George miner, Cli. mui
ray, Plunder, John Roach, Kuhl,
Stepney, Alfred Taylor, W. Townsheud, B. Valllant,
joiin Weston.
CORRESPONDING 8E0HBTARIBB.
Loo Kraukel, lor Austria auu Hungary; J. P.
Douneil, lor lroland; A. Herman, lor Belgium,
Fred. Esgois, lor Italy and Spain; T. Motiersheau,
lor Denmark; Walery Wroomwakl, for l'?land;A.
Serraiiler, lor France; Hermauu Jung, for Bwiuser
land; Karl Marx, lor Geruiauy auu Russia; J. o
Kccarius, lor United states; entries Kocnat, for Hoi
laud; Lc Moussu, lor Froucb brunch of the United
S lilt OS.
Charles Lonquet, Cliatrman; Hermann Jung, Trea
surer; John Rales. General Socrctary.
it Is ine province of lue General council to form
an International agency between the dluerent na
tional ami local groups of the association, so that
that tho workiug nten in one country may be con
stantly inioruteu ol the movements of their olass in
every other country; that an inquiry tuto the social
stale of the different couutries may be made simul
taneously, and under a common direction; that the
questions of general Interest mooted In one society
may be ventlluted by all, and that, when immediate
practical steps are needed?as, tor instance, in case
ot international quarrels?tus action of tlte asso
ciated societies may ne simultaneous and unilorm.
It is also the duty ol tne General Council, whenever
it seems opportune, to take the initiative of pro
posals to bo lat.l oeiore tne national and local so
cieties. and, lor tho purpose or lacllltating com
munications, to publish periodical reports. It is
alto bouud to execute the congress resolutions. As
it is by
THB TOWER OK UNION AND COMBINATION
that the success ol the worKlngmeu's movement in
eaoli country can be secured, and as the usefulness
ol the General Council depends greatly upon tne
circumstance whether it has to deal witu a few
national ccutres ol workingmen or with a number
of small and dlsconucoied local societies, the com
bination of the disconnected woikinsmen's societies
of toe respective oountrles Into national bonier is
strouKlf urged wuorever the Ihmcb ol ihe laud do
not place legal obstacles iu the way of such com
blnatlon. btlll no independent local society Is pre
cluded from corresponding wnh Hie General
council, lor which purpose every secretary of tue
association has the right to appoint its own corre
sponding secretary.
WHO MAT BECOMB MEMBER*.
Every person wno acknowledges and defends tlie
principles ol the International Worklngiuen's Asso
elation is eligible to become a member; bqt eacli
branch is responsible lor Hie lutegrtiy of the mem
bers It admiia. Wcrklugmen's societies joining the
Hiiernational Associntiou, wutle uniting in a per
petual bond oi fraternal oo-operation, are permitted
to preserve their existing organizations intact.
TI1K RULES MAY BE REVISED
oy each congress, provided the consent is obtained
of two thirds of the delegates present; and special
delegates to the general CON Oil ESS.
Every memuer of the association has a right to
vote for, and ib eligible as a delegate to, this General
Congress, to which every branou. whatever the
number or lis members, has a right to send a repre
sentative. Encff (lel625l<5 Ms "but ouie tfbie, And his
Expenses afe deirayed by the branches aud grout*
wntciisend him. Neighboring biancues may unile
in the appointment of delegates, aud when
branches or groups exceed 600 members tuey may
send an additional deiegato for every additional
600 members. In countries where the Interna lonal
Association Is forbidden by law delegates front
trades' unions and woritingmen's co-operative
socioties are allowed to participate in the debates
on questions ot principle, bat not to discuss or voio
on administrative matters. The sittings of the Con
gress arc two-fold?administrative sittings, which
are private, and public sittings reserved lor Hie
discussion of and tne vote upon tne general ques
tions on the progammo of tue Congress, and wuich
inay have oeen suggested either by ihe previous
congress, by the General council or by the different
sections or groups. All subjects lor discussion,
reporls, Ac., to ue submitted to the Congress, nave,
however, to pass tlitougii the General Council,
which prepares the business to be laid beiore tue
Congress.
THE FEDERAL COUNCILS.
The central councils of the various countries in
winch ihe international Is regularly organized are
designated "Federal Councils" or Federal com
mittees. with ihe names ot the respective coun
tries attached. Every new biaucu or society in
tending 10 join 1 ne International is bound immedi
ately to announce lis adhesion to tho General Coun
cil which has the right to admit or reluse the ail
lilaiiou 01 anv new branch or group, subject to
appeal to the next Congress, io guide Uin lis action,
however, it must consult with Hie Federal Councils,
wlieie such exist and nave jurisdiction over me
proposed new branches, but without prejud ice to
its right of provisional decision. The General U'jpn
cil also possesses the right ol suspending, uritil ihe
mooting ol the Congress, any branch ol into inter
national aud of deciding upon all dliierences be
tween societies or branches ol tho same uaiioual
group or between groups ol different nationalities,
subject to appeal to the next Congress, whose de
cision is dual. Delegates sent on distinct missions
by urn General Council have the rigid. to attend and
be heard at all meetings o! Federal Councils, district
and local committees and local branches, witnonl,
however, being entitled to vote thereat.
contributions ok members.
An annual contribution of one penny, or
two cents per member, Is levied from all
branches or affiliated socioties lor tho use
of the Geucral Council lor tue purpose oi
delisting Its expenses, such as the salary ol
lis general secretary, costs of correspondence, pub
lications, preparatory work for Congress, Ac. This
amount is collected bv means of adhesive siauips.
bearing the dato of tne year for whicu the amount
is collected, which are lurnlshed by the General
Council, auu 0110 of which is required to be affixed
to the copy oi rules each member Is held io possess.
Tue expenses ol the Federal Councils are deirayed
by their respective branches.
NATIONAL ANb LOO A I. KEOtTLATTONS.
The Federal Councils may admit or exclude socie
ties or brunches from connection with them; out iliey
are not, however, empowered to deprive them of
their International character; yet tliuv may propose
their suspension lo the General council. Local
branches arc at liberty io make rules und by:aws
for their IoohI administration, adapted 10 local elr
cunisiRiicos aud Hie laws of the respective conn
tries, but such rules auu bylaws must, not contain
anything coutrarv 10 tue general rules ami regula
tions. Except In the case or affiliated trades'
unions, all local branches and groups must nence
101111 be simply dcslguuted as ol the International
Worxlngmen'a Association, with tne names of their
respective localities attached; consequently li is
forbidden in future for any io designate themselves
by seclarlau names, such as i'osiuvtsis, Muiu.iums,
Collectiviets, Communists, Ac., or to form scpaia
tlvist bodies, under tlio names ot sections of propa
ganda, Ac., pretending to accomplish special iuis
sinus, distinct Horn the common purposes of the
assoclat toil.
NO I'KRS DEn'TS, HPT PLWRTT OK TFTK FAIR SKX.
Affiliated section*, brunches mid societies are in
vited 10 abolish the office oi iTusident 01 their re
spective orgaul/.atioiiti, ami tne formation oi female
branches among mo working clan a is recommended;
but tuts latter suggestion is riot imeuded to Interfere
wnli tne existence or iormaMou of branches turn
posed of both soxoi.
COb' KOriON OF STATISTICS OP t.ADOJl.
An accurate knowledge oi tuo statistics ol labor
in tlic various <a jnurle* is considered of anon para
mount Importance to tlie welfare of the association
tlmi tho tleuerai C'ourcil is required to enforce its
collection; consequently every local brancii is
bound to appoint a special commutec on statistics,
so as to be nlwavS ready, witulii the limits oi its
means, to answer anv question which may he piic
to it by the Federal Council or committee
or lis country, or by tho General Council,
and It is recommended that the secretaries
ol snch committees of siaihtics shall he rcmuue
rated, considering tne general ueuciit the working
class wdi tlbnvo from ineir labor. Tho Federal
Councils are required io ir.uisnid, on the 1st of
August In e.irli year, me materials collected in iheir
respecuvo couuines to tuo General Council, vrlileli,
In lis turn. is to elaborate them into a general re
port, to be laid before Uie Congresses or Conferences
annually held in the month of September. The im
portance oi this si mistical uiioriiiHtlon w as set forth
in a resolution passed at tho Ocutvu Congress,
when u
dENKItti. SCHEME OF TNCJPIRY
Viis siiggc.-gcd, hut subject to modification by each
locality, 'llie topics upon which information is ad
visable are:?I, name ot industry; aire and sex of
the cmplo'od; i, number ol I lie employed; 4. sala
iles an wages; (n|. apprentices; wages by ihe
<lav or piece woik. scale p i.d by middlemen. weekly
and yearly average; f> liou.sor work irt tacio
rie; ib), the hours of work with small employers uiul
lu liurue work, ll tuo business be carried on In taoso
different modes; (.a, night work an 1 day work; 0,
meal times and treatment; 7, sort or work shop and
work, overcrowding, dc;ec ivo ventilation, waniol
s.dillght, use or gasilaht, cleanliness, Ac.; s,
effort oi employ incut upon Uie pliy.lcal coalition;
p. moral condition, education; it), state of trade;
whether reason trade, or more or loss uniformly
distributed over the year; whether greatly due
ttfatiog. whether greatly exposed to foreign com pe
tition, whether destiue I priuoipal y for home or
foreign consumption, Ac. Tne comrross liei-t tit
tieiieva invited tuo worktogmen ot Europe and tho
t'mied Slutes to co operate In galherlug the ele
ments of ihe statistics of ths working class,
especially on tne difleioui points speeded in this
scheme of Inquiry.
The General Council Is eqnaliy desirous of being
Informed ot all attacks ni.nlo upon the Interna
tiouul, us, whenever such are published, the nearest
branch or tuinintttee is held to mso I to tl a: ouco a
copy of such publication.
FKEE FIGHT.
In a disturbance that occurred last night on the
comer or Twenty-sixth street and second avenue
three men, named James Doran, Patrick Hooley
ami John Ifonlne, severely beat a fourth abont tho
head so badly that nis life is despaired of by tho
pohoe surgeon. The assailants were arrested to
await the result of the wounded man's Injuries.
8HOOriNG_AFFRAY.
Patrick Nasli, of 207 lentil avenuo, and John Mur
ray, of 601 West Twenty-seventh street, got imoan
Altercation Inst night and Nasn shot Murray through
the '.rft ear with a revolver. Ho was arrested by an
officer of the Sixteen Ut precfocb
WASHINGTON.
The Stars and Stripes Hauled
Down at Samana.
THE WOOL CLIP FOE 1870.
Spanfoh and Mexican Claims
Commissions*
How the Geneva Arbitration Will Be
Spun Out on Paper.
Washington, Dee. 17, 1871.
The Geneva Arbitration and the l.nw'a
Delay.
General Calen Cashing is still In Washington,
aim does not expect to leave lor Geneva, with the
other American counsel, for some moutbB, as the
treaty provides that within leur months after
the delivery, on both sides, of the written,
or printed case, either party may In like manner
deliver tbo duplicate to each of the arbitrators, and
to the agent of tho other party a counter case and
additional documents, corresponocnce and evidence
in reply to tho case, documents, correspondence
and evidence bo presented by the other party. The
arbitrators are authorized, 11 necessary, to extend
the time tor the delivery of such counter cases,
fence in Mi. Dotniiiio? i'ho United State*
Flag Down nl Snmnun.
A private letter from Hayli says:?"As an evi
dence or the peace that prevails hi Dounnica
President Uaez recently travelled through mat
country without even a tody guard. Cabrsl still
threatens hostilities."
The two years' lease by the United States of tho
Day or Sumaua having expired our flag has been
taken down.
The Supplemental Convention with iVrxb'o.
Tho supplemental convention between tho
United States and Mexico for tue settlement of
clalmB was ratibed at the city of Mexico last June
apu ratiilcil by !.hc United states Senate last week.
The convention is extended /of one year from tho
8iat of January next. It is supposed by the mem
bers or the Commission tha^, tftis tlrao will be suf
ficient for the transaction or the business. No now
Claims arc to aliowod. About one-third or those
on ttfe Amerlcau side have been decided.
Hpniiish and American C?.iiiinin?t?>n.
The United States and Spanish Commission have
not yet decided any cases, but few have been pre
sented with the necessary proofs. There <s some
delay in taking testimony In the island of Cuba,
owing to the unsettled condition of affairs.
Southern 11 aims t'oiiitnimsinn.
The Southern claims Commission will resume Its
sessions immediately after New Year's. In tho
meantime tney will take up two hundred or three
hundred cases now all ready for decision, and pre
pare them for consideration by the House Committee
on Claims, if thai committee shall desire to have
them submitted during the present session. Under
the operation of the present law the Commissioners
aie authorized to make only one report each session,
and that at tho commencement of tue session.
But the pressure on members of Congross trom per
sons whose claims wore not included in the first
report is so great that a chair.'c in the law may bo
effected. Those clalmauts to whom awards have
been made by the Commission are presslug for im
mediate action oy the Committee on Claims and
hope to get an appropriation sufficient to pay the
amounts allowed iliein without the further delay of
reiereuce to the Appropriation Committee, it
being suggested that this not being a stand
ing appropriation for the regular service
of the government custom does uot reqnlre it
to be examined and reported on by that committee.
There la no expectation that the Claims Committee
will be much delayed by any further examination
ot the caae submitted, they being understood to bo
aatlF^sii with the Investigation made 111 regard to
them by the Commissioners. Unless the act making
the appropriation should otherwise provide, those
claims which were sl owed will be settled by the
accounting officer of tbe Treasury, and under the
ordinary rales of that departuenr. A number of
claims that were expected to appear lu the first
report were purposely omitted with a view to their
f.irtner Investigation.
Toe Court of Claims?Cwei Dismissed nnd
Appealed.
Nearly all the claims before the Court of Claims
for the year ending December 4,1871, were lor cot
ton. Of about seventy of these cases one half were
dismissed, while 011161*9 have been appealed. The
largest amounts awarded are Ji u.ouo, $18.*),673 and
(S3,ooo, together with others of comparatively small
amounts.
The Court dismissed the claim of M. 0. Roberts,
Ilorace F. Clark and Edward N. Dickerson, trustees
of A. G. Hloo, to recover under contract with the
defendants for carrying (lie United States mails
from New York to New Orleans, touching at Charles
ton, Savannah and Havana, and from Havana to
Ohagrea. They have taken an appeal to the Uultcd
States Supreme Court.
ontrrem Prcpuriuw for lh? Holiday*.
Many members of Congress havo made tbclr
preparations to leave for home early this treelt to
spend iho holidays. Thursday is the time for ad
journ inent, but on that day It is supposed there will
not be a quorum present.
All important matters, the consideration of the
tariir and the question of Cuba included, will be
postponed until alter the holidays.
Tue b'lKlit for llic (Jeoricia autl Alabama Henn
toiHoips .Mr. Nnrwouil to Tttko Ilia Sent lor
llio orin-r?i'iie a .meter to be Considered
This Week.
The new leading Committee of tbe Senate, that on
Privileges and Elections, over wiitch Mr. Morton
presides (the senior senator from Massachusetts
having twice declined the dubious honor), met to
day to consider the credentials ot Mr. Norwood, the
fourth expectant from Ucorgla, who, during the
past two years, has claimed a seat hi the '^euato
L in in tier.
Tho Urst elections wcro a compromise, and re
sulted in the choice of Messrs. 111.I aud Miller. The
lormcr was dually admitted, and now sns iu this
comiultteo to decide who shall be his colleague.
T hen camo the reorganization of the so.
coded Reconstruction Legislature. Three other
persons were elected by tho purged
body, Messrs. Farrow, Blodgett and White Icy.
Filially .Mr. Hail was admitted on the ground that
lie was elected before the democrats succeeded iu
Illegally unseating republicans onough to give them
couttol. l)r. MIHOt was rejected on the ground that
he was not elected till attcr the Legislature nad In
validated his title to net. Mr. Farrow was after
Joshua Hill's scat. Mr. AVtiiteley wanted a small
remnant of Mr. Miller's term, and Foster Blodgett
was after tho succession. Whiteley was ruled out
by lapso of time, and, tinvlng also been elected to
the House, took his seat therein, niodgctt, however,
has been trying to get tn ever since; but tt has been
too doubtful a dose 10 be readily swallowed. Tho
present Legislature have elected and sent, here Mr.
Norwood, a moderate democrat, wno ts not under
disqualifications of any kind. It was supposed that
this new coinmttteo would be ol a more facile parti
sanship than that on Judiciary, to which all certifi
cates were f rmerly sent, but illodgett has no better
chauce. At the meeting to-day the wiioleRubject was
muy discussed. Mr. blodgett wttl be refused a seat
and the commirtee will report unanimously In favor
or admitting Mr. Norwood. There are two sessmns
left, besides the pre cut one, for the incoming
Senator to serve.
The committee will meet early in the week and
will, It Is expected, take up tbo case of Mr. Goifl
tnwattc, of Alabama, whose title to a scat Is disputed
on the tnound that a number of the legislators "who
voted for ntm wcro disqualified under the constitu
tion or elected by armed violence, which drovo rroin
the polls tho peaceful electors. There is no con
testant in bis case, the opposition being made on a
memorial and petitions setting forth the allege l
laouk
Npw Alall Riintts,
The Postmaster uenerai on Saturday ordered the
extension of the mall service on the West Wtoooo
sin Railroad from Menomonee to Hudson, forty*
five miles, at an additional cost of $2,200 per an*
num. Mail service was also ordered on tne steam
boats of the Lake Chauiplain Navigation Company
from Lake George to Tlconileroga, fortr miles,
during the season or navigation, at fsoo per season.
A dally mail has been ordered on the railroad
between New Orleans and Donnldsonvllie.
TIih Wool t lip lor INTO.
The following statement shows the wool clip of
the United Mutes for me year ending June 1, 1870,
as returned to the Census Office:
NKW KNdl.ANl) 8TATKS.
AOs. I A*,
Connecticut 254,129 Maine 1,77?,10?
Massachusetts.. 30?,061* Vermont 3,l0'.l:i7
New lluiupsmre 1,1.19,442 Rhode island.. 77,32s
Toui e,64c,cb3
MIDDI.K STATKS.
Pennsvlvanta... 6,0-n,vtw Deiawnre 68,316
New Jersey 336,609 .Maryland 435,213
New York 10,529,226
Total 17,091,006
NOICFHIVKMTKKN STATUS.
Illinois 5,7.''0,249 Michigan 8,726,146
Indiana 6,020,(123 Minnesota 407,|H5
Iowa 2,0(17,643 Nebraska 74,6:6
Kansas 336,006 Nevada 27,o20
OlMu 20,531s013 Wisconsin 4.029,647
Total 47,020,647
RORDEK STATER.
Kentucky 2,234.460 Virginia 8M,1I0
Missouri 3,649,390 West Virginia.. 1,593,641
lennessce 1,389 703
Total 0,744,263
COTTON STATUS.
Alabama 370,773 Mississippi 288,286
Arkansas. 203,276 North Carolina. 7?',C67
Florida......... 37,562 Mouth Carolina. 160,314
Georgia 840,047 Texas 1,251,828
Louisiana 140,118
Total 4,0. 4,200
PACIFIC srATKM.
California 11.301,743
Oregon l.osM'JM
Total 12,472,381
TERRITORIES.
Arizona 679 New Mexico.... 631,930
Coloradc 204,'?25 Utah loo.ds
Dakota, 8,810 Washington.... 162,713
Idaho 3,415 Wyoming 30,000
Montana loo
Total Territories 1,201,590
Total Mlateu 100,080,038
Grand total I01,284,678
JPbllaueipliiu Merchant* Fa in;; Double bees
01 Imported GamW,
A delegation of Philadelphia merchants, ac
companied by Judgo Kelley, Loooard Mjers ji'^d
colonel J. W. Forney, calle^ fin the Mecrotary or tht!
Troaanry on Saturo^y to soo if somo arrangement
by legislation 6r otherwise might not be had to save
them from the imposition of double loes on their
imported goods. Under tue present arrangement
the goods 001110 through the Now York Custom
House, where the fec i are paid. i\q,a lUeo are trans
muted to the Philadelphia Custom \iouse, "wherb
other charges arc made, llio delegation waned
the Mecretary to make the Camden and Amboy It ab
road a bonded wareliouso. so that they can get their
imported goods direct from New York without
breaking the bulk and being subjected to all tho
charges at the Philadelphia Custom House. The
Secretary expressed his willingness to do all he
could, but declined to acquiescent the proposition
made, as the government would thereby bo In
sufficiently protect cd.
Tht; Great Fnilicr Wnutn 10 Pnlaver l aehl/.e.
The following letter has boon written by the Sec
retary ol'the interior to Cactuze, tne noted Apache
chief:?
Department op the Interior, 1
7VA8UINGTON, D. C., Dec. 14, 1871. J
To CACIIiZK
Your Great Fatner, the President, desires your
happiness and prosperity, and wishes to tie at peace
with vou and all your peopic. To couvinoc you of
his friendship and kooiI wishes I ain authorized to
invite you, with "Loco" and "Victoria," to conio
to Washington, wnere you cau see your Great
Fatner and the Secretary or the Interior, to be us
sured from their owu lips of Hie truth o( tills letter.
If yon conclude to come to Washington the Super
intendent of Indian Affairs, Colonel Nathanicl Pope,
will make arrangements Tor your visit, and will
provide :or the payment of your expenses.
Assuring you again of the sincere friendship of
your ?ieat Father, the President, as well as or mv
own doslre to promote your Happiness and prospc*
ruv, 1 am vour sincere iriond,
c. DM LAN u, Mecretary of tno Interior,
information furnished the department by Super
intendent Tope, who loll lor Ark/.oua with this
letter on Friday nigat, lea is to the expectation
that Cacblze win accept the Invitation, and como to
Wttshlngiou some tiuie early next year.
Ciintum* Lumber Ite.tiilntfAns,
The Secretary of the Treasury ha.) addrossod n
circular to Collectors of Customs and others, as lol
lows:?
Officers of tho customs will hercartor require
but one entry to be u ado 01 lumber unporccil at ous
time in two or more canal boats or barges towed
bv a single steamer, where the several cargoes
shall be embraced m one invoice properly combed
by a consul, one ent ry for transput tat ton In bond
from the port of original cutry to another port will
also be allowed to embrace such cargoes, in caaj
Hie barges or boats containing the same coutinuo
in tow 01 a single steamer, otherwise a separate
warehouse and transportation entry should be inane
of each boat load, uiid an extract Irom tin* invoice
specifying me appraised value ol tue cargo be lor
warucd (Herewith.
The I.iiimI (arnbfl In tho Wens
The Secretary of tie Interior yestorday hcarl ar.
gumcuttnihe ease of the Leavenworth, Lawrenco
and Ualveston and the .North Kansas ami Texas
Railroad Companies against clti/.cns of Kansas,
involving the tjticstioti or tlio title to certain Osage
cetieu lauds, through which the said toads run.
Patents.
Tho Commissioner of Patents yesterday extended
the patent to I.arayette Stevens, or Klmirs, N. Y.t
lor a borlug machine, and reiu ed the applicattoa
of Kicliard N. Watrous, of Elmiro, N. Y., lor a pat
ent lor a drawing knife.
8CETE ON THE UiSSiSUtm IliVElt.
Monro Art nob on a Micro float?One Mnn
Killed nod Two WuHti-.i-u-Heroism of a

Wouiin*
iKrom tho Memphis Avalanche, Dec. 14.]
From J. K. Itaymoud. who arrived from oelow t,y
the steamer i'bil Amu yesterday, we learn of a ter
rible aiiray that occurred last week at Stewart's
Landing, near the loot of Walnut Bend, sixty miles
below this city. A trading boat,, belonging to N. S.
Cumtmugs, who is well and tavorabiy known below
here, was lying at Stewart's Lauutng, an l was
visited by three negro men, near dark, on Monday
evening, the 4th tnst, Tne negroes pretended to
want n gallon of Whiskey, and said a comrade would
soon do along with a nig. Lounging about unrii
some time nirer dark tu-y then went beside the
store room, found Mr. lla.vtnoud Hitting down be
mud tho counter, fetched over and s.iot niui with a
pistol, the b.i 1 entering between the ear and eye,
aud dropping out of his mouth.
Tne two otheis then commenced firing on Mr.
Cuminiugs and another person, named Deirick,
who was near. They shot cum ml tigs twice, too
bails passings through both shoulders, irom the ef
fects of which ho cited ou Friday lust. Mr. Raymond,
although badly hurt and nearly unconscious, rati
for a gun, und a fight ut close quarters ensued, i
which titled the boat with smoke and darkness, j
Dedrick, by sinking one of the negroes while in tlio
act 01 1'rlng, caused the murdering thiel to sl^oot
himself in (lie hand, i no attacking flcua* scon tied,
Uniting they were like y to get the worst of the
ftgut, the result of winch was the kilting of Mr.
cummmgs, the wounding or Mr. Ilaytnond and also
of one oi tne attacking darkles, biuco tho trouoio
ono or the mlscreanis has been arre ted, aud tne
others are likely to be taken, as tlicy are known to
be still prowling it] the vicinity.
A HkWAIUABLB WOMAV.
A man named (lulhou, with ids wife and a nude
employ had a store boat lying a few hundred
yarns above that of I'uminlngs at the timo of the
attack. Tho noise of hruaruts attracted HitL at
teuuoii and they consulted and thought oest not to
go to the scene. *1 he woman, who was lying in
bed, leaped out, caught up a pistol, caked upon one
of tne putty to follow her, entered a skill?leaving
(Pillion to look alter the store boat?and pushed out
lu the river In the darkness, the man acting as
oarsman. Finding tin-no it going below the scene
of bin He, aud suspeciiug that flic oarsman le.ired
to approach, tho bravo wontuu drew her pistol,
levelled it at her companion's head and ordered
Pun to pull into shorn and laud. He o: eyed, and
they entered the store boat together to tiad that the
negroes had lied i ho woman and her companion
tnen rendered all the assistance possible, dressing
the wounds of the injured ana Uolntf all for
their relief that so dartug a person could. While
the row was in progress a party ot fishermen were
camped on tno river hank a short distance below.
One ol the patty went to the boat, and, starting on
board, was tired upon bv a negro. Not beiug hit.
but terribly scared, he tumbled into the river and
swam back to tits camp to tell a terrible story of
.blood and thunder, which deterred tits comrades
Irom any attempt to render aid. but tor tne bravo
woman who ordered Iter comrade In tho skiff to pull
tothespot the attacked would have had uoue but
themselves to assist through the night. Mr. I'um
tilings had collected some (1,700 in money while ly
ing at Dr. Peter's landing a lew days before, and it
Is supp'osed that the negroes, gctong win I ot this,
formed a plan to murder me boat's occupants and
possess themselves of toe monov. Mr. itaymoud is
recovering rapidly from tho eirecta of his wounds.
It is to i>? hoped that the rascally, murdering scoun
drels will atl be caught and bo socedity biougul to
i JUstlCfr
VffiGESIA FINANCES.
Excifninent Over tho Yn I'ling* Hill
in (he Le^iii!:i1ure.
"Mio January Interoat on Bind* Wot To Be
Paid-Allocation/! of 'r.rdand ?:iarp
Practice in tte^rencs to t'i.
naiicinl Ktaturt*.
Rll'UMONO, Va., Pec. 17, 1871.
There l'! contdderabie icciiug Here about th#
aciion of the Legislature upon tlio Pun/ling hilf.
which was pas-ei by Uic lost Legislature, ami
under which about twenty-flvo millions of dollars
of the debt has been lauded. A joint resolution
passed the House yesterday ordering a suspension
ol operations under the bill. J'ue vote waa very
decisive?101 to 18. It was sent lo the senate, and
the indications are that it will pass that ooily by an
equally decisive majority. This. it Is tpiiie certain,
will be followed Immediately ny another resolution
suspending the payment oi the January interest on
tlie bonds already issued.
The opponents of the landing men ure declare It
was passed by fraud and gross corruption in ?he
Interests m the home brokers and oi' Wall street, and
that the interests ol the Siatc wero entirely sacri
ficed, and therefore they will ropeal It ami make
another and more equitable bargain w.th the credi
tors of tlic State. They do not propose repudiation
as ibe ren^xly, hut ucclaro tmit the State Is s.> com
pletely impoverished that it Is Impossible ,'or llio
people to bear tnc necessary taxation redeem the
coupons and pay the ex ne res ot the ,,-ovcrninent.
They propose to opea up the enure qnisUon, par
ticularly us fraud is charg d in i s passage
and sharp practice m 'alleged on the part of
tnc bondholders and site* datura. They roply to the
argument, that the pari already funded Is in tlio
nature of a binding contract and the Interest must
he paid, that tlio coupons cannot ho refused when
oilercd in payment for taxes, that the bid was not
passed In violation of tho constitution, and that the
courts will so decide. And that, lui therinoie, it
could not. do away wlih tha original contr.ict be
tween the Sita'.e and the holders of tlio bonds.
11 is quite certain that the whole th ng will ha
fully ventilated, as the advocates ol the ifuauinglaw
are Very nojojuilar aud In a very small minority.
Tho interest, ft Is saro to say, will not
bo pal/1 oh tho 1st of January! J0}'
frvm tho passage of the resolution, winch will
no at once proposed to suspend the payment, tho
Legislature wi'l refuse to make an appropriation,
abu this when there Is near), two million dollars m
tho Treasury collected for that purpose.
The effect this will have upon Virginia securities
will, ol course, be visible at once; but it thoui l bo
understood that there Is no considerable number of
people In the State In favor of even a partial repu
diation ol the debt, and all who are moving In tuts
measure declare that tliey have only the houor aud
interest of the Commonwealth at heart, lhey de
bit c to save the people aud to rebuke fraud ana cor
ruption; they promlso to at once Initiate measure*
for i ho settlement of the debt ou a Jotut and per mas
neut basis. _ _
tp JI a? U A 2& JT
Henry T. Th Iktiuhii.
Henry T. Tnckerman died at his resilience,
Madison avenue, in this city, jesieuUy. lie wus
prostrated some short time stiicc by an attack of
pneumonia, which terminated totally. lie was
fifty-eight years of age.
Mr. Tuckerinnu enjoyed a national American and
world-wide reputation as a wntor. fie was a poet,
criiic, biographer and essaj ist?a man ot vctsaiito
gem us, blesoed with a mind which was to a great
extent an "essence compounded witty art from tho
finest and b&.t of all other tuen*a powers."
flenry T. Tnckerman was born in Huston, Mass*,
on the 20th oi April, in the year 1S13. Ho descended
from an ancient Hugltaii family, whicn was settled
in rue county of Devon, In old England, for mora
than (our centuries. He received an excellent edn
cation?bulb primary ?n?l coilcgcw*?ana oujoyed
toe tieneai of a moral home teaching or a very high
j onter. flaring attained his majoriry?or when
I about twenty yearn of age?Mr. Tuciccrmau visited
Kurope. He Journeyed In tbc old World iu tno yearn
18dS- 84, mat again in lMfT-'H8 and 18 jJ. His cti
luracil and continually expanding mind gained ireah
power from the exercise of his great faculty or ap*
preclative observation during tuoso aeverai lours.
Mr. Tuckerman edited the "Hoxtun Uook" first
series, 111 mao, and the "Pniiaue'.piua ik-ok In the
same year, iio contributed u sketch of Amer
ican literature to the American edition <>i
"siiaw's outlines of Lngish Literature."
Tins was translated into the Herman lan
guage and published in (icimauy. Ue wrote a
smaller history oi Kngilsh and American literature,
tor tne use of schools: an auiclo on Washington Ir
ving, part of an article on Lvorer, a poem on the
scenery of tne Connecticut lUver and a variety of
ar teles for American magazines ana encyclopedias.
11 is pamphlet on "Ail in America" was republished
lu Macao. China, In 1WJ. lie ul-u supplied introduc
tory essays, which Itavobesn prcllxed to the Atncrt.
can editions ol the poems of Uoklsmitb, Soutliey,
Wonlsworlh and Mrs. Heiuans. His pro'Modooc
attracted most lavorabic remarks Horn tue Luiopcau
critics. To iioiico all the literary works of Mr.
TucKcruiaii would he a task ol superfluous labor
and unnecessary just ut present. liis "Ital
ian Sketch Uook" 4 Rambles and l;everie*,'?
"Artist I,ue; or Sketches of American Painters
"Llle of Silas Tailor," 4,A Slieal oi Verse, Hound for
the Fair of lihJ4." and "The Criterion," staud
promtnuut among the-literal 1 ol the nay .is works
ol acknowledged merit. Ills "optimist" appeared
inany years ago. In addition to inoe Mr. Ink
erman printed many Other cpatribuiions to the
national literature of tne u.iiie<l amies, tho
majority of wlilcli nave been translated Into loreijni
ioiisues and hold rank on tne suolvos of the most
eminent publibheis in Letpslo, .Mimic,u, Lou*
clou and other cities. "The Rcbe lion?Its Latent
Causes and True Slgnllfcarice," wnicli ap.tcaro t in
the shape of letters audiesscl to a Irieud abroad,
ni do one of Mr. Tuckerman's latest un I most
powerful <-lMiand proUoCtlohs. His biographies,
articles on religious subjects, notices ol distinguished
public men, critlcl-uiB on art ami so l rib, were
almost cxhaUBtlc-HS, nut each ne dt'-pl lying n
originality of stvle and peculiarity of elegant tiuish,
tne power of which appeals to nave been
entirely his own, ami qurc natural. Oaring in?
year i?68 Mr. Tuckerrnan was const nriy sending
forth from his study, in llie Tenth street Art B,Hiding,
lu lliia city, some sign ot literary occupation. euiicr
Li verse or prose, uud always tu Iho mo scholarly
form, (icnlai in manners, us well as in ine stylo
of bis compositions; a personal tnen i o.' most ol our
noted authors, artists, editors an 1 scholars, uud,
huvinga heart overflowing with warmest sytnpa
thles, no had an enviable piaco among the uiost
popular American writers. A icceut literary labor
or Mr. Tuckermau was h,s memoir oi tne
late Dr. John W. Francis, prefixed to a new
e<lition of the Do- tor's "Old Now York."
fills biographical sketch una aualys s of one who
walked lor ualt a century among our lorcuio.si men,
an i whose personal character and latlueuco were a
hi" hly-prtzed local pos.-o>-ion ot the American me*
tropoiis, waewittten in Tuckerman'a happiest style,
nun me Doctor's gos.;ipy book, WUa this ueniai me
moir proractng it, was made lull of attractive inter.
es> to New Yorkers and to all wbotaae pioasure In
the sort of geiiil-autiqaariaauim el wh.ou hi. Fran
cis was u.o example unu tue exponent.
Hsn. Jolui F,. Tin ter.
IIou. John L. Tlucter. sta'o Senator from tht
Eighth district of Illinois, tile In Spnnfrtictd, in.,
yesterday evening. Deceased served oao term in tlie
House or Representatives, ami was lu his second
term hs Seu.ttor. lie was also a member of Uio
Constitutional Conv iitlon. Ho was uit.r rears of
age, and widely respected as a citizen, giniUcmiU
and legislator.
SuitlUl-1 II. Uillf.
FainucI II. Dale, Mayor of Bangor, Me., iticd snd.
deuly in that city, of apoplexy, yesiord.iv. Mr,
Dale was widely lenowu us a prominent merchant.
Ho held the office of iiavor of Bangor from March,
lsss, to March, and was aga.u elected in Muicu
last, lie was a native oi Salem. Mass,
FOUND CN Flf.E.~
About three o'clock yesterday afternoon an o lire!
of the Thirty-second precinct found an old canal
boat on Ore near Fort Washington Point, tic.se
cured the flaming craft nod brought her to the
slioie, but thdro was no name or any cue u, cu the
vessel tnal could load to itic owner or Hie i >cuiny
wtueu sho belonged. She was u total loss, and tno
amount ot damage done has not yet oeen ascer
tained.
CHICAGO KJiLICF FUN?.
CHICAGO. i>ec. i7, 1871.
counters Kile, wife of Uoiu i'ernando, of Msbon,
Portugal, herself a naiivu oi iUiuols, Ins sen%
through Hon. llainllten Ftth. Secretary of Slate,
j&bO sterling for tue benefit of the chic,130 sufferets,
A draft for Jtl.ooo w. 1 also received yestcnlaf
from Dublin, Ireland, to i e applied lo wie *amt
chamablo pnrposo. rhis makes a total oi
lioui that city*