THE PRESS.
WEDNESDAY MORNING. DEO. 1871.
CITY AND VICINITY.

New Advertisement* To-Day,
SPECIAL NOTICE COLUMN.
Look—Chas. W. Lucy.
Analytical Physician—Dr. Edwards.
entertainment column.
Fakir of Vishnu—Portland Theatre.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT COLUMN.
Dry Goods—J. R. Corey Co.
Furs for Sale—Mrs. True.
Christmas Goods—H. Liufield Co.
Brig tor Sale—Yeaton B *yd.
For Eastport, St. John, <&c—Winter Arrangement.
Caution Notiee—.James H. Kelly.
M. C. M. A.—Ge A. Harmon.
r urnished House to be J.et.
Mel xlcous and Pianos—W. P. Hastings.
Dry Go-sis—Covell Valjioy.
Lost—Pocket Book—H. O. Pierce.
U. S. Dintrict Court.
BEFORE JUDGE FOX.
Tuesday.—Judge Fox refused to grauttbe petition
of John B. Nash, praying that he might be discharg
ed in bankruptcy.
Strout Gugc. Mattocks Fox.
Butler Fessenden.
James Allen et al. libellants vs. brig Ida E. Libel
to recover commissions. Defendant contended that*
tbe court did not have jurisdiction. Held for advise
ment
Rands. Putnam.
BEFORE JUDGE 8IIEPLEY.
Charles P. Matlocks, assignee of Aretas Sliurtleff,
vs. National Traders’ Bank. Suit brought by as
signee to recover #525 as the amount of a payment
allege 1 to have been made by the bankrupt to the
bank as a preference and in fraud of tlie bankrupt
ac* On trial.
Matlocks Fox. Putnam.
A, A. Strout.
Superior Court.
DECF.MDER CIVIL TERM—LANE, J., PRESIDING.
Tuesday.—A. B. Stephenson vs. C. S. Hilton et al6.
owners of tbe schooner Liberator. Action on account
anuexed amounting to #87, for supplies furnished said
schooner on the order of Hilton, who, it is alleged,
was the ship’s husbandman and managing owner.
Decision reserved.
Locke. Putnam.
Job H. Cresscy vs. Eugene Merrill. Action on ac
count annexed for cash #75. Defendant was clerk for
plaintiff, and it is claimed be overdrew Lis salary to
that amount. Defendant admits that he had all the
money he is charged with, but says be was at work at
no stipulated juice, but was to have a satisfactory
comi*ensation, which was all he drew. Decision re
served.
Strout Gage. A. A. Strout.
James M. Jewett vs. Daniel Dyde. Action on a
note endorsed to Jewett. Defence, want of consider
ation. Not finished.
Howard Cleaves. Locke.
To-day (Wednesday) is motion day, and all cases
which have been assigned this term and not disj>osed
of but passed will be disposed of finally. Members of
the bar who are counsel in such cases are requested
to be jiresent.
Tbe following assignments have been made:
WEDNESDAY, DEC. 20.
241—Adams vs. Chadwick.
252— Perliam vs. McMillan.
280—Hayes vs. Clark.
281—Mains vs. Mams.
317—Folftom vs. Staples.
320— Chase et als. vs. Cotton.
321— Ray vs. Larrabee.
323—Doughty vs. Libby.
401—Ingalls vs. Howard.
THUR8DAY, DEC. 19.
268— Fog" vs. Baker.
269— Glendeuning vs. Smith.
2S2—Inh’bts of Harrison vs. Inh’bts of Sweden.
286—Washburn vs. Elder.
338— Emery vs. Edwards.
339— Tukey vs. Matthews.
945—Sluart vs. Mains.
346— Dielon vs. Staples.
347— Winslow vs. Cliase.
296—Blaisdell vs. Melclier.
511—Itice vs. Smith.
290—Bacon vs. Sylvester.
Iflunicipnl Court.
JUDGE MORRIS PIIE8IDING.
Tuesday.—William Murphy was fined $50 and
costs for selling liquor. Appealed.
Symonds Libby. A. W. Bradbury.
Hugh Doherty was fined a similar sum for a similar
oftence.
Symonds Libby. Haskell.
Frank Rochow was fined $4 and costs for drunken
ness and disturbance.
Frederick A. Lord, who was drunk at the Allen
Mission Chapel Suuday nigh;, paid $5 and costs.
Joseph Calhoun, for malicious injury was fined $4
and costs.
City Affairs.
A special meeting of the Board of Mayor and
Aldermen, was held yesterday afternoon.
George B. Loring, Frank H. C. Morse, Osce
ola Jackson, Augustine S. Femald, Charles O.
Baker, Adams Merrill and Abraham T. Har
per were drawn as jurors for the January term
of the Superior Court.
George Gray, Jr., Thomas Fisher, Benjamin
Colby and Patrick Cleary were drawn as traverse
jurors for the January term of the Supreme
Court.
A communication was received from the
Cumberland and Oxford Canal Company, by
its attorneys, praying that no further attempt
will be made to damage its business until the
petitioners shall have been granted a hearing.
Ordered on file.
The order establishing the location of the
track of the Portland and Ogdensburg railroad
through Commercial street, was passed.
A communication was received from the
Cumberland and Oxford Canal Company, by
their attorneys, representing that at a recent
meeting of this Board a vote was passed, di
recting-proceedings to oc instituted, looking to
the depriving said Company of its charter; and
praying for a hearing. It was voted that a
hearing be granted at the next regular meeting.
A communication was received from the En
gineers of the Fire Department, notifying this
Board of the suspension of A. Bradbury, clerk
of Engine Company, No. 3. Accepted and or
dered on file.
Brief Jottings.
The social Dance which was to take place
Friday evening, Dec. 22 at Lincoln Hall will
take place Thursday evening next
The ladies of the Universalist Sewing Society
at Stevens’ Plains will give a levee at the ves
try of the church this evening, A'charade, a
short drama, a gypsey scene, a table of fancy
articles and refreshment tables embrace some
of the chief points of the occasion.
There will be interesting speakers at the
temperance meeting this evening at Allen Mis
sion Chapel, Locust street Go early and
secure good seats.
The third of the Mechanics’ private assem
blies comes off to-night at Lancaster Hall.
There will be no lecture or concert the pres
ent week in the Army and Navy Union course.
We understand that the enterprising managers
of the course have taken measures to secure
Miss Charlotte Cushman, as has been suggested
in the Press.
Over 200 tickets for the Haydn concert were
sold in Gorfiam and Westbrook.
Kev. Burke F. Leavitt, of Massachusetts, has
been engaged to preach at the Williston Chapel,
corner of May and Danforth streets. Regular
public services will commence next Sunday.
Mr. Jones has engaged Signor Antonini and
his daughter to give a concert here in January.
The Boston papers report the death of Enoch
D.Cobb, a private in the Roxbury Horse Guards,
and say his body was to be brought to this city
yesterday.
The First Baptist Society will hold a levee in
the vestry of their church this and to-morrow
evenings. It will be an excellent opportunity
to buy Christmas presents, as there will be a
nine disnlav of fnnrv articles.
The ball to be given on Christmas night by
the Portland Typographical Union is creating
some stir in the dancing community. There is
good reason to believe that the company will he
one of the best collected this season. Arrange
ments have been made to have the floor waxed,
■which will add to the comfort of the dancers.
A wallet, containing a considerable sum of
money, was found in City Hall last evening
after the concert by Rev. Mr. Luce, who hand
ed it into the police station. Officer Gribbeu
found the owner—a young lady belonging in
Saecarappa—at the Portlaud Rochester depot
and restored it to her.
The man who was arrested at Bethel on sus
picion that he was a convict escaped from the
Massachusetts State Prison proves to be another
person, and has been discharged.
The Portland Co. Works will be run for a
few days with the Blanchard patent steam boil
er. We think it for the interest of those using
steam to call and satisfy taemselves of its utili
ty. This boiler has only 834 square feet of heat
ing surface and is generating steam enough to
run the Portland Co.’s large establishment.
While doing this work it has a reserve of pow
er. We would especially call the attention of
railroad men to the following facts: That while
running this boiler with coal or wood the sparks
are neutralized and none have ever left the
smoke-stack or chimney. Which in itself is a
most valuable advantage never before realized.
Railroad Detention.—In consequence of
an accident to the engine of the express train
from Boston to this city, on the Boston Maine
Railroad yesterday morning, the train was de
tained at Wilmington, Mass., about one hour
and a half, waiting for another engine. This
delay prevented the usual connections made bv
this train, and the passengers for Portland did
not arrive until 5 o’clock P. M.
Tint number of deaths in this city during tin
month of November was 55, qs follows, viz.:
C insumptl ’ii 20; weakness 1 j disease of the lung
J; disease of the heart 2; whooping cough 1: paralysi
4; typhoid fever 1; croup 2; fever 2; brain fever 2
stoppage 1 tumor 1; drowned 1; casualty 1; diabete
1; water on the brain 1; cancer 2; cholera inkmiuu
2; apoplexy 1; congestion of the lungs 3; old age 1
Jirer complaint 1; unknown 4. K. L. Wing,
Superintendent of Burials,
C'hrifttiiiaa €»ooiIb.
There is nothing that will please a little girl
so much as a doll with a full wardrobe. Mrs.
Welch, on Middle street, near Exchange has a
line assortment, of wax and china, as well as a
large stock of millinery goods, gloves and mit
tens, ladies companions,opera sacks and break
fast shawls, clouds, port-inonaies, perfumery.
Call and sec her well-filled store and well-dis
played goods.
Mrs. W. L. Snell, on Congress street, above
Casco, oilers her patrons the usual seasonable
millinery, with the usual accompaniments of
laces, linen sets, and fancy articles. This lady
keeps up with the demands of trade and al
ways has a fashionable stock.
Elm street is another center for the ladies
when “shopping.” Mrs. Eowle oilers great at
tractions to purchasers. She has a large list of
regular patrons, to whom she always gives sat
isfaction.
Mrs. Bosworth, on Exchange street, near
Federal, makes a specialty of worsteds and em
broidery, and lias probably one of the largest
stocks in the city. Her store is a perfect “ba
zaar,” in which almost everything that a lady
can require in millinery or personal adornment
or for fancy needlework can be obtained, and
the prices marked on the goods are very rea
sonable.
In all the fluctuations of business Messrs. J.
R. Corey Co. have “kept the even tenor of
their way,” supplying the families of Portland
and the surrounding towns with dry goods, in
cluding woolens for men and boys wear, ladies’
cloakings. In the last line of goods their
stock is exceedingly large, while in the lighter
fabrics for ladies wear they are in no way be
hind any of their competitors. The polite at
tention which a customer meets with makes it
a real pleasure to visit their store.
Photographs are often presented at this sea
son of the year, and the likeness of a loved
friend, especially if absent, is especially to be
prized. Good pictures, in all the styles of the
art, can be obtained at A. S. Davis's, No. 80
Middle street, at Lamson’s, 152 same street,
and at McICenny’s, No. 101. The porcelain,
Rembandts, Berlin, medallion and mettzotints,
are all beautiful, and have their admirers. Mc
Kennv’s solographs—a new style—are particu
larly fine.
There is no prettier stock of dry goods in
Portland that of J. M. Dyer Co’s., Free
street block. One with a love for the beautiful
can scarcely refrain from stopping in his walk
and enjoying the elegant display in their win
dow.
Charles H. Lamson, at No 77 Middle street,
has taken the place recently vacated by E. C
Swett, watchmaker and jeweler, and we trust
that the mantle of his predecessors popularity
has fallen on him. His stock is well-solicted and
embraces some of the most elegant jewelry in
me inarKct.
The clothing dealers claim their share of
Christmas trade, and the articls they offer by
no means come amiss. Mr. Sisk, at No. 171
Fore street, George W. Rich Co. 173 Fore
street, William A. Duran, at No 170, form a
cluster of stores where the best kinds of cloth
ing and furnishing goods may be obtained. Mr.
Sisk is closing out his stock, preparatory to re
moval, and offers great inducements to buyers.
The Messrs. Rich are manufactures, employ
the best workmen and keep on hand a heavy
stock of materials to select from. Mr. Duran
has a heavy stock of ready-made clothing and
furnishing goods, and we are glad to notice that
he is appreciated by crowds of purchasers.
Josiah Burleigh, 87 Middle street, always
keeps stocked up for the season and the man or
boy with §12 or §40 can get a suit and his
money’s worth every time. Mr. Burleigh un
derstands the secret of advertising liberally,
consequently he has crowds of purchasers.
The Haydn-Thomas Concert.—Every seat
on the board was “pegged” before 5 o’clock yes'
terday afternoon, and those who purchased
tickets after that hour were obliged to stand or
take their chances for getting chairs. The
audience was one of the largest—considering
that the space was considerably reduced by the
great platform—that ever crowded into City
Hall Bath sent a large delegation of critical
listeners, and the towns lying contiguous to
Portland added there representatives to the im
mense throng; and though the liberal pro
gramme occupied three hours in its perfor
mance. No one left the hall until the final
chorus was finished The first part consisted
of four selections from Litolff, Mendelssohn,
Beethoven dnd Wagner, by the Thomas Orches
tra. We have not time at this late hour to
Ul U1CU1 111 UCUII1, UUli UICJ JlldJ UC IC
garded as fair exhibitions of tlie compositions
of the different composers, and of course were
rendered with the inimitable skill with which
the Thomas Orchestra performs in public. In
them alone was the material for an admirable
evenings entertainment.
After a brief interval Kotzschmar assumed
the baton for the management of The Creation.
He acquitted himself splendidly throughout
the whole, maintaining his easy self-possession,
inspiring both orchestra and chorus with his
magnetism, and showing himself a very worthy
successor to the great Thomas himself. Mrs.
Smith took the role of Gabriel in the first and
second parts and Eve in the third. Mr. Winch
was entrusted with the parts of Raphael and
Adam, and the music of Uriel was given to
Mr. Thurston. In the airs, “With Verdure
clad,” and “On Mighty Pens,” Mrs. Smith sur
passed the expectations of many of her audi
She sustained the high and difficult passages in
the first air with remarkable power and sweet
ness, and she was warmly applauded at the
close of the different solos. Mr. Winch has a
very sweet bass voice, possessing a wide com
pass, and his enunciation was generally very
distinct. Mr. Thurston was perfectly at home
in his part, and, as he always does, sang well,
giving the theme a good deal of dramatic ex
pression. The cliorusses were superb—full and
harmonious, with parts evenly balanced, and
the most careful attention paid to time.—
Kotzschmar seemed to hold them in the palm
of his hand, and we think he must have been
fully satisfied, critical as he is. We congratu
late the Haydns upon their magnificent success.
They gave their friends last night one of the
grandest exhibitions of music ever heard in
Portland, and we feel proud of the new laurels
that they won. We trust, too, that the results
may prove prove as satisfactory to them.
Death ok Ezra F. Beal, Esq.—A des
patch to a gentleman in this city, received last
evening, announced the death of Ezra F. Beal,
Esq., at his residence in Norway on Tuesday
afternoon at 3 o’clocck. For several months he
has been in ill-health, a cloud having gathered
over his mental facilities in his later days. Mr.
Beal was well-known through the western por
tion of the State as an active and energetic
business man, at times having large interests
entrusted to his good judgment and practical
experience. He was, we think, a native of
Norway, but was for many years a resident of
Portland. He returned to his country home
some time previous to the year 1818, and resid
ed there up to the time of his death. Mr. Beal
was on the orginal board of direction of the At
lantic St. Lawrence railroad, and it was in a
large measure owing to his persevering efforts
that this great enterprise was carried forward
to a successful completion. His ripe judgment
and clean foresight were acknowledged in Ox
ford county, and his personal influence was the
means by which the people of this city were in
duced to enlist so heartily in this magnificent
undertaking. As a director he had especial
charge of the construction of the principal de
pots along the line, including the original wood
en passenger depot in this city, and the present
splendid brick and granite structure and of most
of which he was the architect. He was also
the builder of the Alpine House at Gorham, N.
H., and superintendent of the Falmouth Hotel,
Brown’s Sugar House and Lancaster Hall, in
Portland. Besides these works be beautified
the town of Norway with a number of elegant
buildings.
In politics Mr. Beal was an active Whig, so
long as that party existed, and on its dissolu
tion he became a firm adherent to the princi
ples of the Republican party. Mr. Beal was a
life-long Universalist, and a firm supporter of
that faith. He was conspicuous in his devo
tion and his liberality to that denomination,and
in his death he will be widely mourned. He
leaves a wife and two children, of whom Gen.
George L. Beal is the eldest. The funeral will
take place at Norway on Thursday afternoon at
2 o’clock.
Enteiitaixment.—Pocahontas Lodge, I. O.
of G. T. will give a fine musical and dramatic
entertainment at Grand Army Hall, Mechan
ics’ Hall building, this evening. It ought to
receive a liberal patronage. We commend this
hall to associations that desire to obtain a place
for such exhibitions. It has a nice little stage,
is comfortable, handsomely decorated, and will
accommodate an audience of 400 persons; and
is one of the cosiest little rooms in Portland.
The ladies of the Universalist Circle, Ste
ven’s Plains, will hold their annual levee this
evening at the vestry of their church. Fancy
articles for sail as usuaL A Drama, Charade
and tableaux are among the attractions.
Music by Cnandler. Cars leave for the city
after the entertainment.
F. O. Bailev Co., sold a large quantity pf
silver ware at their salesroom yesterday, but
1 the prices ran very low considering the very
flue quality Of the goods offered. The sale will
be continued to-day at 10 and 2J o’clock.
Psychological Demonstration*.
Any person who has never seen the science of
psychology practically demonstrated, should not
allow the present "opportunity to pass unim
proved. The apparently wonderful iuflueuoe
exerted by Prof. Stone over his subjects, is well
worthy the careful study of every scientific
mind. We feel certain that if the laws of mental
force were more generally understood, there
would be much less superstition in our midst
than there now is.
Prof. Stone makes no pretension to superior
power other than what comes from the study
and practice of his science. He believes that
all are constantly, though quite unconsciously
exerting the same influence upon those around
them; the influence of some being greater, of
course, than that of others.
He does not pretend to control all who will
ingly submit to trial; different temperaments
and minds are differently effected and by dif
ferent ones. He requests all his subjects to be
perfectly honest witii him,and to do all they' can
to resist his influence after lie lias once got con
trol of them. Until then they are required to
keep their minds in as nearly a passive condi
tion as possible.
His demonstrations are largely of a mirthful
character but none the less instructive on that
account. The more intelligent his subjects and
ihe larger the number, the more varied and in
teresting are the experiments.
They are certainly worth seeing by both old
and young whether they e.\u be fully explained
or not by them, but they are of most value to
those wliosc special business is to mould by in
fluence and example the characters of the
young.
It seems to us that the members of the
learned professions and teachers should give
this subject a little more careful thought, for
tun llOVO Meson Vnlisw* tl.et *1. *1...
force of the mind will be generally acknowledg
ed as a district agency in nature capable of
being controlled by law as well understood
by scientific men, as are those of the lower
forces at the present time. C,y
Plummer Goff’s Gorham, loss on Dry
house consumed by fire, is $500 not $5000 as stat
ed in this morning’s'Press.
niSCEIiLAniEUIJS NOVICES*.
Another lot of Japanese goods just opened
at Whittiers. Baskets, bamboo, over 40 shapes
and sizes. Fire screens, bamboo cups, real
China cups and saucers, watch chains, Chinese
for vest and long (around the neck), oval and
square mats for table use, Japanese charms for
watch chains, magic flowers, fishes, idols, clicss
and checker sets—ivory,carved by hand—elegant
sandal-wood and ivory card cases.
Dr. Leland may be consulted at his rooms
in Cahoon Block between the hours of 12 and 3
this P. M. Chronic diseases treated with suc
cess.
A well selected lot of beautiful Christmas
gifts, Bronzes, Russia leather goods, imported
toilet sets, in assorted colors and stylish. Every
requisite for toilet use at Whittier’s.
My Dear John:—
If you desire to make me. happy make me a
present of a shawl from Cogia Hassan’s.
Adoringly yours,
Evangeline.
Just Received—Ladies and Gents Gold
Watches, Boys Watches, Solid Gold Seal Rings
(new styles) for Ladies and Gents, Silver Nap
kin Rings, Fruit Knives, Childrens Gold Rings,
Fine Pocket Knives, Common and Russian
LeatherWallets, New Mechanical Toys.
94 Exchange St.
dcl9-5t C. Day, Jr. Co.
Soap.—Every kind of toilet soaps—French,
English, German, Russia and American, at
Whittier’s.
The Best Chance Yet.—Sweetser Merrill
have removed a lot of Fine Holiday Goods
from their Wholesale Store to 1G9 Middle St,
which for ten days they will sell at wholesale
prices. Give them a call and save your money.
Whittier, druggist, junction Free and Con
gress.
The Hygrodeik, for regulating tlie humidi
of the air in the house or conservatory, is a use
ful instrument and a beautiful ornament. For
sale by C. H. Farley._declyth-tf
A new and extensive invoice of those beauti
ful Japanese baskets, in great variety, just re
ceived this morning at Whittier’s. Exceeding
ly appropriate for Christmas gifts.
Brackets in great variety at Colesworthy’s
Southmayd’s Candies.—Whittier, agent for
these delicious candies, put up in fancy gilt
boxes, one pound each, a nice Christmas gift.
Lots of juvenile Books cheap, at Coles
worthy’s.
Call at Whittier’s, early this week, and
look over the novelties he has for selection.—
Goods marked plain. No goods offered except
perfect aud Jresh.
J. F. Land Co., corner Exchange and Fed
;ral stfeets, have a large and well selected stock
jf goods, useful and ornamental, suitable foi
holiday gifts. lwd
An extensive line of fresh perfumes, Many
entirely new in this market, at Whittier’s.Chern"
ist and Druggist.
A nice place to buy Christmas presents is at
Geo. A Whitney’s No. 50 Exchange street. 1
have a large variety of useful which I will sell
so you can give your friends a present. Geo.
A. Whitney, No. 50 Exchange St. Successoi
to Woodman Whitney. de20-lw
Every body will remember how on the 24th
of last December, thousands were unable on
account of- the crowd to get into the Cogia Has
san store, and were obliged to go elsewhere and
pay high prices. The wise will this year buy
their holiday gifts early. Cogia is open every
night this week.
Tiie headquarters for the “Brilliant kerosene
burner is with J. F. Land Co., cor. Exchange
and Federal streets. The “mammoth size” jus*
received. lwd
Japanese work and jewel boxes. Japanese
wax-wood and malacca, puff and tobacco boxes,
Chinese puzzles and fans, tops, sleeve and shirt
buttons. Over 400 curious and novel articles from
China and Japan, for Hholiday Goods, selected
by a gentleman just returned, from a “tour
around the world,” expressly for Whittier,
Druggist, junc. Free and Congress streets.
Every thing desirablo for holiday gifts may
be found at Cogia Hassan’s, Fine Plated Ware,
Toilet Sets, Albums, Toys, Port-Monnaies,
&c., &c. Call and examine.
Sleighs—Pungs—Sleds and all kinds of
stock selling at low prices, at the Bazaar, 14
Exchange St. Call and see them. dc20-3t
The young ladies of Plymouth church will
hold a sale on Thursday afternoon and evening,
(Dec. 21st,) in their vestry. Useful and fancy
articles, suitable for Christmas presents, re
freshments &c., will be offered in abundance.
dcc20th-2t
Ten thousand useful articles for Holiday
Presents, at Anderson’s.
Parties purchasing lamps, or table ware at
Cogia Hassan's have expressed tlieit surprise
at finding so good an assortment of the latest
styles, and are perfectly satisfied that the par
ties in charge of that department fully under
stand the business in all its detail. dc20-4t
German Florida Water.—Genuine Farina
Florida Water. The only place in the city to
get the imported article is at Wliittiers.
Ladies’ and Gents’ Linen Handkerchiefs,
half dozens at wholesale price at Anderson’s, 3
Deering Block.
Tiie Hygrodeik is a useful instrument in
every house. It is an instrument your friends,
ministers and teachers want, hut Jiavc not got.
For sale by C. H. Farley._ dc20th-tf
Elegant Fans at Anderson’s, 3 Deering
Block.
$1.50 buys a Scotch Havelock Cap worth
$2.50 at Maher Co.’s
decl5-dtja25 Opp, Post Office.
Sleighs. Pungs, Lap Robes, Blankets, Hal
ters, Circingles, and everything in connection
with driving at the Bazaar, 14 Exchange and
Repository, 67 Federal street. declG-lw
For $1.50 you can buy a genuine Scotch
Havelock Cap at Maher Co.’s,
decl5-tja-25 Opp. Post Office.
By J. Marlon Sims, M- B.
[From The Medical Gazette of June 24th, 1S71J
For about 8 months I have been using Ken
nedy’s Concentrated Extract or Pinus
Canadensis in affections of the rectum, vagina
and cervix uteri, and I consider it a most val
uable remedy. 1 have used it diluted with wa
ter as a vaginal wash, with great success; but I
prefer to apply it to the os ttneae on cotton
wool, either pure or mined with glycerine, or
glycerine and rose-water. Thus applied, it
should remain intact for two or three days and
then be renewed. In this way I have seen
chronic granular vaginitis remedies in a few
days that had resisted the ordinary remedies
for weeks; I have seen granular erosions, with
leucorrhoe disappear yery rapidly under its use.
I have not time to say all that I could about
it; but I am sure that it will soon be recognized
as a valuable addition to our Materia Medica.
Knowing Mr. Kennedy as I do,I can confident
ly commend him to my professional brethren.
His method of manufacturing the extract is
sgeb as to warrant it of uniform strength and
pufity.
New York, 1st June, 1871.
For sale by W. W. Whipple Co., Drug
gists, Portland, and by Druggists generally.
dcclGth-lw
BY TELEGRAPH.
MAINE.
ACCIDENT TO THE NICHE TRAIN.
Bangor, Dec. 19.—The night express train
from Portland ran off the track this morning
between Newport and East Newport, leaving
one car, the Ihillman, on the track. A train
has gone from this city to their assistance. No
one was injured. The accident was caused by
the snow-plow, which was an old one, jumping
from the track and throwing off the entire
train behind it with the exception of the Pull
man car. About a foot of snow had fallen
there and there were two engines on the train
one of which is somewhat damaged. The acci
dent occurred just east of Newport and at about
7 o’clock this morning.
XLIId CONGRESS-SECOND SESSION
SENATE.
Washington, Dec. 19.—The hill appropria
ting four millions for government builuiugs in
Chicago, was after a short debate on the loca
tion. Passed.
Mr. Stewart introduced a joint resolution,
proposing a Kith amendment, establishing free
common schools in each State and Territory,
prohibiting aid to sectarian schools and giving
Congress power to enforce the amendment. Re
ferred to the Juditiarv Committee.
Mr. Sumner gave notice that he would pro
pose an amendment to the constitution prohibi
ting a President holdiug office more than one
term.
Air. Schurz introduced a resolution asking the
President as to our relations with Spain and
the treatment of Americans in Cuba. Adopt
ed.
Air. Corbett introduced a resolution that the
Retrenchment Committee inquire into the re
cent Treasury defalcations. Adopted.
Air. Conk ling called up the resolution in
quire into the charges against the New York
Custom House. He accepted the amendment
by Air. Schurz extending the scope of enquiry,
also the amendment by Air. Tipton, to inquire
if Custom House officers interferred in the last
two Republican Conventions, and one by Air.
Bayard that an inquiry be made if the same
officers had been used as instruments of party
patronage. The resolution thus amended pass
ed. Yeas 57, nays none.
Air. Scott reported a bill for refunding al
taxes upon dividends, interests and undivided
profits assessed upon corporations mentioned
in section 15th, of Act of July 14th, 1870, for a
time betwreen Aug. 1st, 1870 and Jan. 1st, 1871.
Air. Sherman reported a bill fixing the sala
ries of Commissioners of Land Office. -Pus
toms, Pensions and Indian Affairs, the Assis
tant Postmaster General, Supervising Archi
tect of the Treasury, Assistant Secretaries,
Comptroller, Auditors and Registers at $4,500.
Mr. Sherman reported adversely and the
Senate postponed indefinitely the bill provid
ing for the employment of an internal revenue
police force in every collection district.
Mr. Edmunds introduced a bill to punish
stock gambling by public officers. Referred.
Mr. Chandler offered a resolution for refer
ence of that portion of the President’s message
relative to postal telegraph to the Committee of
commerce. He assailed the present telegraphic
system and what he called the associated press
monopoly, and favored the purchase of the tel
egraph lines for their actual cost of construc
tion when built or now.
Mr. Hamlin opposed such a reference, as the
subject was already properly referred to the
Post-office Committee. The resolution was laid
over.
A message was received from the President,
transmitting the report of the Civil Service
Commission. A motion to print 10,000 extra
copies war referred to the Committee on Print
ing.
Mr. Blair offered a resolution, which was
adopted, directing the Committee on Investiga
tion and Retrenchment to inquire whether any
minister of the United States, in any foreign
country, has used his official influence to for
ward the interests of any Mining Company,
and whether his doing so was compatible with
the duties and requirements of his position.
Mr. Sumner tried to get up his resolution of
last March, asking for information about the
number of ships sent to the waters of San Do
mingo during negotiations and the costs of
sending and keeping them there, but Mr. Conk
ling objected and it went over.
Mr. Norwood of Georgia was sworn.
Mr. Coukling’s resolution directing an inves
tigation of the Hodge case was taken up.
Mr. Sumner moved to amend it so as to em
brace the case of Bank Examiner Callender, and
Mr. Conkling accepted the amendment.
Trumbull proposed to withdraw his
amendments offered some days ago, which gave
rise to debate, but no action was taken.
Mr. Pool, at his own request, was excused
from serving on the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment.
Mr. Scott call up a resolution directing the
Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest Saunders, a refrac
torv witness in North Carolina. Passed.
A resolution directing the arrest of Gist and
Camp of South Carolina gave rise to discussion,
and without reaching a vote the Senate went
into executive session and soon adjourned.
HOUSE.
The Committee on Banking was instructed to
investigate the recent national bank suspensions
and consider what additional legislation is nec
essary to guard against future suspensions.
On motion of Mr. Eldredge of Wis., a resolu
tion was adopted calling on the Secretary of the
State for information as to the printing of the
statement of the case of the United States for
che use of the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva.
A resolution was adopted that the Revolution
ary Committee inquiie into the propriety of
irnamlinflr tlm nenoinn *n»f ai\ if choll Qnnln
to all who served any time during the war of
1812 or cotemporaneous Indian war and to the
widows of such soldiers, no matter when mar
ried.
A resolution was adopted calling on tl'e Sec
retary of the Treasury to inform the House of
he amount of live-twenties redeemed. Also a
resolution calling on the Post-Master for iufor
nation as to increased allowances for carrying
the mails where steam is unemployed.
A resolution enquiring as to the laborers em
ployed in the Custom House and navy-yard in
New York before the late election and from
what fund they were paid, was objected to.
LAIsnit commission.
Mr. Hoar’s bill was taken up for the appoint
ment of a commission of wages and hours of la
bor, etc.
Mr. Pierce of Mississippi, gave notice that
he should call for the previous question at one
o’clock to-morrow. He was not prepared to
say whether legislation was necessary on the
labor in question, nor prepared to deny that
general legislation was required, hut he was
convinced that an investigation of the subject
would do good, there is no partisanship in the
question and he thought that the Democrats
would be the last to object to the proposed in
vestigation. There is nothing in the hill sup
porting socialism, internationalism, triples un
ion, labor societies or strikes. He advocated it
in interest of his agricultural laboring constitu
ents.
Mr. Campbell of Ohio, offered a substitute,
that the joint committee appointed to investi
gate the subject of wages, hours, labor, etc.,and
the effect of existing laws regulating commerce,
finance, and currency.
The Speaker ruled the proposition out of or
der.
Mr. Storms, (dem.) of Pennsylvania, a mem
ber of the Committee on Education and Labor,
advocated the passage of the bill. The evils of
which the industrial classes complain are pa
tent to every one. 82,353,000,000 of property
belonging to captalists was exempt from taxa
tion and other interests were taxed to make up
the deficit; 821,000,000 was paid annually from
the Treasury to banking associations as a' mere
bounty and gratuity. The poor map paid on
his salt a tax of 155 per cent; on cutlery over
50; on clothing over (i5 and oil spade and shovel
49, while the rich man paid upon jewelry, dia
monds of a tax not exceeding ten per cent.—
To adjust the wrongs of the laboring men, Con
gress will have to repeal every pet soheme of
the party in power.
Mr. Cox, (dem.) of New York, proposed an
amendment in the interest of civil service, that
no party or political influence should control
the appoinment of the Commissioners. He ex
pressed the wish that such a man as David A.
Wells, could he appointed on the commission.
He took the bill as an earnest of a better poli
cy on the tariff toward which even New Eng
land is progressing.' He would be glad to see
an intelligent investigation from any quarter.
Mr. Kerr, (dem.) of Indiana, spoke against
the bill which lie regarded as insincere and hol
low, and chiefly intended by false pretense to
bridge over the next Presidential election and
mislead the discontented sons of toil into vot
ing the radical ticket in 187?. He believed it a
mere attempt to make places for partizans and
that it was unconstitutional for Congress to as
sume power to regulate the hours of labor, the
standard of wages or the division of the joint
profits of labor and capital or the social condi
tiuiin ui cuuutnu».u mm Uiimnis hi till] people.
Such a sweep of jurisdiction wonld spcedilv
leave nothing to tlio States or people, make
all local Governors expensive sinecures, and
make the power of Congress as transccndant
and absorbing as the British Parliament.
Mr. Wood, (dem.) of New York, believed
that the party in power was responsible for the
troubles of the laboring men and that it was
only in the restoration of the Democracy to
power that they could find relief.
Mr. Duke (dem.) of Ya., suggested an amend
ment directing an investigation especially into
what taxes, assessments and duties on imports
are deposed directly or indirectly by the laws of
the United States on any article used by the la
boring classes and upon any raw materials
which enter into the manufacture of such arti
cles, also what quantity of tJje public lamia
which should have been preserved to furnish
homes for the people and to supply a fund for
the education of the masses, has been granted
to a corporation organized ami controlled by
and exclusively for the benefit of a few wealthy
individuals.
Mr. Slocum (dem.) of New York, suggested
an amendment naming as Commissioners
Horace II. Day, Uichard F. Trevcllick and Al
exander Troop. He favored an investigation
by persons not selected on account of party or
on account of devotion to fhp high (arift princi
ples.
(The discussion was temporarily interrupted
by the message of the President relative to the
civil service reform, which was read and refer
red and by the Senate amendments ft the bill
for Chicago custom house, which were concur
red ill.]
Mr- Townsend (rep.) of Pa., regarded the
message just received a full and effectual
answer to the charges py tip? Dpigocrjuic mem
bers relative to the supposed profligacy of the
administration. It showed that the President’s
party was a party of reform. He supported the
pending hill as in interest of all and in the in
terest of common humantty.
Mr. Hawley (rep.) of 111'., advocated the hill.
Mr. Spear (tleig. )of Pa., suggested an amend
ment directing an inquiry particularly into the
system of paying laburersin store orders instead
of cash, and report what means can be adopted
to prevent the continuance of the system.
Several other suggestions were made as to
who should Inake the investigation, when the
bill went over until to-morrow.
KT-KLTX COMMITTEE EXPENSES.
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill appronjint-ing
$27,810 to supply the deficiency in the expenses
of the Ku-Kluj Committee. Tn reply to Mr.
Eldridge he stated that the total cost of the
committee was $«9,907 exclusive of the print
ing report, which would fill seven volumes,
making about fiOOO pages. It was agreed that
an itemized account of the committees expenses
to be printed in the Globe.
The bill was passed. Adjourned.
WASHINGTON.
The Civil Service.
Special Message of the President
to Congress.
Washington, Dec. 19.
To the Senate and House of Ktpnatntutiv^s
In accordance with the act of Congress, ap
proved March 23, 1871, 1 convened a Commis
sion of eminent gentlemen to devise rules and
regulations for the purpose of reforming the
civil service. Their labors are now complete,
and 1 transmit herewith the report, together
with the rules which are recommended tor my
action. These rules have been adopted, ami
will go into elfect on the 1st day of January,
a872. Under the law referred to, as 1 interpret
it, the authority is already invested in the Exe
cutive to enforce these regulations with full
power to abridge, alter or amend them at lus
•ption when changes may seem advisable,
t hese views, together with the report of the
Commissioners, are submitted for your careful
consideration, as to wnether further legislation
•nay he necessary in order to carry out au ef
fective and heiieticial civil service reform. If
10ft to me without further Congressional action,
me rules prescribed by the Commission under
the reservation already mentioned will be faith
fully executed, but they are not binding, with
out further legislation, on my successors. Be
ing desirous ot bringing tins subject to tiie at
tention of Congress beiore the approaching re
cess, 1 have not time to sufficiently examine
the accompanying report to enable me to sug
gest deliuite legislative action to insure tue
support which may be necessary in order to
cjve a thorough trial to a policy long needed. I
ask for ail tue strength winch Congress can
give me to enable me to carry out the reforms
ui the civil service recommended by the Com
missioners and adopted to take effect, as before
stated, on Jan. 1st, 1872. The law which pro
vides for the convening of a Commission to de
vise rules and regulations for reforming the
civil service authorizes, 1 think, the permanent
organization of a primary board, under whose
general directions all examinations of appli
cants for public office shall be conducted. As
there is uo appropriation to continue such a
labors, 1 therefore recommend that a proper ap
propriation be made to continue the services of
tiie present board for another year, and iu view
of the fact that three members of the board hold
positions iu the|publie service, winch precludes
them from receiving extra compensation under
tiie existing laws, tnat they be authorized to re
ceive a fair compensation tor extra services ren
dered by them in the performance of this duty.
(Signed) U. S. Grant.
Executive Mansion, Dee. 19, 1871.
THE DAUGHTERS OF CUBA.
A delegation of the daughters of Cuba from
New York called on the President t to-day and
will have an interview to-morrow.
LEGAL TENDER DECISIONS.
The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
United States to-day announced to the bar that
the opinions in the legal tender cases will be
read at an early day alter recess. The Senate
confirmed a large number of appointments.
THE RULES OF TIIE CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION.
The following are the rules submitted by the Civil
Service Commission:
First, No persou shall be admit ted to nny pwlilon
in the civil service wiiliin the appointment of the
President, or heads of the depart meins, who is not a
citizen of the United States who shall not have fur
nished satisfactory evidence in regard to character,
health and age. and who shall not have passed a sat
isfactory examination in speaking, reading and wilt
ing the English language.
Second, An advisory ltoard of suitable persons to
be employed by the President under the 9th section
of the act of March 3, 1871, emirled an act making ap
propriations lV»r sundry civil expenses an<lf>r other
purposes shall, so far as practicable, group the posi
tions into each branch of the civil service, according
to the character of the duties to be performed, amt
shall grade each group, the lowest to the highest for
t ie purpose of promoti n within the group. Admis
sion to the civil service shall always l>e to the lowest
grade of any group, and to such positions as cannot
oe grouped a graded admission shall be determined as
provided for the lowest grades.
Third, A vacancy occurring in the lowest grade of
any group of officers shall be tilled after due public
notice, from all the applicants who shall present
themselves, and who shall have furnished evidence
and satisfied the preliminary examinations already
mentioned, and who shall have passed a public com
petitive examination to lest their knowledge and abil
ity, and special qualifications for the performance of
the duties of the office. The board conducting such
competitive examination shall prepare, under the su
pervision of the advisory board, a list of the names of
the applicants in their order of excellence as provid
ed by examination, beginning with the highest, and
shall then certify to tne nominating or ap]»oiii!iug
power, as the case may be, to the names standing at
the head of such list, not exceeding three, and from
the names thus certified the apj>ointmeut shall l>e
made.
Fourth, A vacancy occurring in the grade of a
group of officers above the lowest, it shall be tilled by
competitive examination of the applicants from the
other grades of that group, and the list of names from
which the appointment, is to be made shall be prepar
ed and certified as provided in the preceding rule, but
if no such applicants are found competent, appoint
ment shall be made upon an examination of all ap
plicants, conducted in accordance with the provisions
lor admissi on to the lower grades.
Fifth, Applicants certified or otherwise qualified
ri.pnnnMinlm.mlo _P 7..
cashiers of Assistant Treasurers, cashiers of Post
masters, Superintendents of money’ order division in
Post Office, ami such oilier custodians as may here
after be designated by the advisory board, an i for
whose pecuniary fidelity another officer is responsi
ble, sliall, nevertheless, not be appointed except with
the approval of such other officer,
Sixth, Postmasters whose annual salary is less
than #200 may be appointed on the written request o
applicants, with such evidence of character and fit
ness us sliall be satisfactory to the head of the depart
ment.
Seventh, The appointment of all persons entering
the Civil Service in accordance with these regula
tions, excepting persons appointed by the President
by and with the consent or the Senate and the ap
pointments of postmasters and persons appointed to
auy position in a foreign country, shall be made for a
probationary term of six months, during which the
conduct and capacity of such persons shall be lested,
ami if at the end of such probationary term,satisfacto
ry proofs of their lituess sliall have been furnished by
the board ofcx imhicin to the hem! of department in
which they shall nave beeu employe,! during the said
term, they shall be re-appointed.
Eighth, The President will designate three persons
in ejieh department of the public Service to serve as
board of examiners, which, under the supervision of
tbe advising boacds an l under the regulations, to be
prescribed by it and at such times and places as it
may determine, sliall conduct personally or by per
sons approved by tbe advising board, all investiga
tions and, examinations for admission into said de
partments or for promoti ms therein.
Ninth, Auy person who, after long and faithful
service in a department, shaft be incapacitated by
mental or bodily infirmaries for the efficient discharge
of the duties of bis position, may be appointed by the
head of the department, at lits discretion, to a posi
tion of less responsibility in the same department.
Tenth, Nothing in these rules shall prevent the ap
pointment of aliens to position in the consular service
which, by reason of small compensation or of other
sufficient cause, are in the judgment of the appoint
ing power, necessarily so filled nor the appointment
of such persons within tho United States as are indis
pensable to the proper discharge of the duties of cer
tain positions, but who may not be familiar with the
English language or legally capable of naturaliza
tion,
Eleventh. No head of a department, nor any sub
ordinate officer of the Government shall, as such an
officer, authorize or permit or as ist in levying any
assesment of money for political purposes under a
form of voluntary contributions or otherwise uj>on
any person or employes under his control, nor shall
any such person pay auy money so assessed.
Twelfth, The advisory board shall at any time rec
ommend to the president sueli changes in these rules
as it may consider necessary to secure greater effic
iency of the civil service.
Thirteen, From these rules are excepted the heads
of departments, assistant secretaries of departments,
Assistant Attorney General, First Assistant Postmas
ter General, Solicitor, General Solicitor of the Treas
ury, Navy Solicitor, Solicitor of Internal lteveuue,
Examiner of Claims in State Department, Treasurer
of the United Statee, Register of Treasury, First and
Second Comptrollers of Treasury, Judges of United
States Courts, District Attorneys, private secretaries
of the President, embassadors and oilier public min
isters. Superintendent of Coast Survey, Director of
the Mint, Governors of Territories, special commis
sioners, special annual visiting and examining boards,
persons appointed to positions without compensation
for services,despatch agents and bearers of despatches.
NEW YORK.
IMPORTANT REVELATIONS.
New York, Dec. 39.—The Commercial has a
rumor that the heavy tax payers of the city are
to be overhauled by a grand jury and that
prominent gentlemen who were conspicuous in
wwtewasnrag me late vrampiroiier nave neen
exempt from personal taxation and indirectly
engaged ill defrauding the city.
All the transactions of the Park Commission
ers are being overhauled to ascertain where the
$(>,000,000 they expended have gone. One or
more of these gents, it is said, cannot escape
without indictment.
TRNNJKSSISK.
MURDER and mob law.
Memphis, Dec. 19.—A man lurking about
the building at Union City, where the express
robbers are confined, shot dead an officer and
wounded another, who tried to arrest him. Sub-,
sequentlv he was oaptured and jailed under
guard. Before this morning, thirty disguised
men overpowered the guard, killed Levi Far
rington an express robber, and took the mur
derer away. The body of the latter was found
hanging to a tree. His name was Toler, from
Kentucky. He was connected with the express
robbers and was there to aid them in escaping.
DIETEOROLOGlCAt.
SYNOPSIS QF WEATHER REPORTS FOR THE PAST
TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
War Dep’t, Office Chief Signal
Officer, Washington, D. C.,
Dec. 19 (7.00 1*. M.) 1
The disturbance on the Pacific coast will
probably pass northeasward intp Montana, and
a'falling bqrometej a.nd vising temperature will
prevail on Wednesday at Rocky Mountain
stations. The barometer north of Missouri will
move eastward witli diminished pressure and
cold northwest winds will prevail west of the
Apalaehicau range. Cloudy weather with
westerly winds will probably prevail very gen
erally \Yednesiluy along the Atlantic coast and
brisk winds from North Carolina and Maryland.
forfi
GREAT illtITAIW,
RELIGIOUS RIOT AT LONDON pERRY.
London, Dep. 18.—A sjvfyje vine ooeurreil to
(lay ill Londonderry. For some days past prej
artiions were being made to celebrate the 18th
of December. The authorities posted a procla
mation forbidiug a procession and a large mili
tary force was held in readings., The Bishop
of Londonderry Sunday pohdetqnejl tpe apt of
the Lard Lieutenant. A procession was form
ed and attempted to march to the Cathedral
but were assaulted by the jsdice who were sup
ported by soldiers. A fight eusued between
the mob and the military during whjph many
persons were hurt, but finally the pfpwd dis
persed. (fyeal cxcltetqeut prevails and more
ugifting js imminent
THE PRINCE op WALES,
LQNfHPf, Dec. 19.-=Q P. M-—The progress of
the Prince of Wales towards recovery, is in all
respects satisfactory.
SPAIN.
EMIGRATION.
Lisbon, Dec. 19.—The press shows much
anxiety over the larsrelv increased emigration
to the Unifed States anil recommend remedial
measures,
TRANCE.
ROCHEFORT SICK.
Paris, Dec. 19.—The prisoners Billioray, Ras
toul and Henri Rochefort, now undergoing oon
fiuenient in Fort Bryard in pursuance of the
sentence of court martial, are sick in the in
firmary.
The French government refuses to sell the
Crown jevyels to private parties,
DECREASE OF STUDENTS.
The number of students in the college at
Metz has diminished from 500 to three persons
since the German occupation of the city, and
in the college at Colmar the number has' been
reduced front 400 to 00, of whom 4H are Ger
mans.
THE ORLEANS PRINCES IN THE ASSEMBLY.
Duke D’Aurnale and Prince De Joinville took
seats in the National Assembly to-day. They
sat in the centre of the members of the right.
Their appearance created no sensation.
BRAZIL.
New York, Dec. 19.—The Brazilian Times,
of Nov. 25, is received. Emancipation was go
ing on quietly.
The police magistrate implicated in the as
sault on German officers at Kio has been dis
missed.
Envoy Kirk, who has been on a mission to
River Plate Republics, has returned to Wasli
ington.
The village of Oran had been ruined by nine
successive earthquakes, hut few lives were lost.
The Assembly at Rio had passed a compul
sory education law.
Coffee was higher. The shipments during a
fortnight were 70,000 sacks. i
The dag-ship Lancaster was at Rio. The
gunlHiats Wasp and Ticonderoga were at Mon
tevideo. All well.
.HEXICO.
CONFLICTING REPORTS.—THE REVOLT EX
TENDING.
Mexico, Dec. 11, j
via Havana, Dee. 19.
Anarchy continues throughout Mexico and
the complications increase.
The State of San Luis and Guanajuate have
pronounced in favor of Lerdo.
A column of the adherents of Diaz is march
ing on Orizaba, and Gen. Alatone’s men are
joining Diaz.
It is reported that there is discord between
Gens. Alatone and Rocha, and between both of
them and the government.
The Juarists are alarmed, as it is supposed
that the government cannot outlive the present
month.
TELEGRAPHIC ITEMS.
The Republicans of Manchester, N. H., have
chosen delegates to the State Convention in fa
vor of Hon. E. A. Shaw for Governor.
The Orient Fire Insurance Co. was organized
at Hartford, Ct., Tuesdap.
Policeman Hinckley of Chicago, was attack
ed with hydrophobia Tuesday, having been bit
ten two years and a half ago. He is in a criti
cal condition.
Comstock Co.'s stove foundry at Quincy, 111.,
was burned Tuesday. Loss $75,000.
Robert Fulton of the Paris crew, has chal
lenged Geo. Brown, champion suffer of Hali
fax, to row a single scuff July 1st for $1000 to
$1500.
Samuel Read of New Jersey, Supreme Chan
cellor of the Knights of Pythis, will institute
*1. .1 T_1__ ..I XT_*L I _i:__ Al.„ Il/IAI.
inst.. making the 23th Grand Lodge of the or
der in this country.
Sleighing Tuesday in Washington for the
first time.
Callander, the national bank examiner, was
arrested Tuesday evening in Jersey city, on
charge of receiving a bribe of $75,000, from the
Ocean bank.
In the South Carolina House, Tuesday, Bow
en made a two hours speech in favor of the
impeachment of Gov. Scott. He will not press
a vote until after Christinas and if defeated
will go to the courts. Scott will resign, it is
said, if the House vote the charges.
In Georgia, Tuesday, the special election for
Governor took place. Tne Republicans took no
part and a very light vote is polled, not exceed
ing 60,(HX) out of 200,00, all for James M. Smith.
B. G. Hampton, a Mormon policeman, was
arrested Tuesday in Salt Lake City for partici
Eating in the murder of Dr. Robinson in
>r. li., was formerly from Maine.
A heavy snow storm prevailed Monday in the
mining canons of Utah.
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
Foreign Kx porta.
CARDENAS. Brig George W Chase—56,541 ft lum
ber, 1628 shocks and heads, 158 prs headings, 10,000
hoops, 124 truss hoops, 250 bbls potatoes.
Receipts by Railroad's and ftteambonta.
Grand Trunk Railway—250 cans milk, 398 bbls
flour, 150 blls hoops, 15 cars lumber, 1 do spruce, 3 do
wheat, 1 do sleds, 1 do potatoes, ldo knees, 1 do eggs,
1 do starch, 2 do sundries; for Lower Provinces—ioO0
bbls flour, 1 car hags, ldo sundries; for Allan Steam
ers—GO cars freight.
New York Ntock nuil Money Market.
New York, Dec. 19—Morning.—Gold 109$. Money
1-16 per cent. Sterling Exchange 109$ 110. Stocks
strong and steady. State Stocks very weak.
The following are the forenoon quotations of South
ern securities:
Tennessee 6’s, new. 64$
Virginia 6’s, new. 67
Missouri G’s. 07
Louisiana G’s, old. 61
Louisiana G’s, new. 50
Alabama 5’s. 65
Georgia 7’s. 80
North Carolina 6’s, new.:. 124
South Carolina 6’s, new. 23$
New York. Dec. 19—Evening.—Money exceeding
ly stringent at per cent, per day, though 1-32 1-16
was accepted after bank hours. Sterling Exchange
weak at 109$.
Gold weak at 1084 109. The Stock brokers were
large borrow ers and sold Gold to obtain currency to
—ny stocks; carrying rates 1-32 1-16 percent.—
.me clearances am -unted to §40,000,000. The As
sistant Treasurer has paid §200,000 on account of
5-20’s redeemed. G >vernmenis dull and steady.
State b >nds heavy and lower.
The follow ing are the closing quotations of Govern-
ment securities:
United States coupon G’s, 1881.1174
United States 5-20’s 18G2.109$
United States 5-20's 1864v.lio
United States 5-20*8 1865, new.113J
United States 5-20’s 1867.115?
United States 5-20’s 1868.115?
United States 10-40*8., coupon.1094
Currency 6's.113$
The Stock market was strong after the brokers had
made up bank accounts, and advanced from (a f
per cent., chafing dull and steady. The greatest Im
provement was in Paeitic Mail, Toledo Wabash,
Lake Shore un i Erie. A small broker's tirm on the
bear si le of Paciiic Mail failed.
The following were the closing quotations of
Stocks:
Western Union Telegraph Co. 87ft
Paciiic Mail. 51 j
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated_92$
N. Y. Central and Hudson River consolidated sep 87
Erie. 30
Erie preferred. 65
Harlem.120ft
Harlem preferred.126
Reading.*..115ft
Michigan Central.117|
Lake Shore Michigan Southern. yoft
Illinois Central.132
Cleveland Pittsburg.1264
Chicago North Western. 61 ft
Chicago Northwestern preferred, ex-div. 674
Chicago Rock Island.1031
Milwaukie& St. Paul. 51$
Milwaukie St. Paul preferred. 76ft
Pittsburg Fort Wayne.. 97ft
The following wero the quotations for Pacific Rail
road securities:
Central Paeitic bonds. jqoi
Union Pacific do......!!!!! 9o|
Union Pacific stock.264
Union Pacific land grants. 78?
Union Pacific income bonds. 82*
Boston Bank Statements
Boston, Doc. 19.—Statement of Boston National
Banks as returned to the Clearing House Monday.
Dec. 18th:
Capital.$ 48,050,000
J-°ans. 114,477,483
Increase. 220,829
Specie. 2,117,293
Increase. 421,371
Ixjg il Tenders. 10,367,262
Iucrease. 171,676
Due from other Banks.. 19,372,984
Decrease. 5,161
Due to other Banks. 19,032,656
Iucrease. 678,325
Deposits. 45,245,519
Increaso. 1,059,862
Circulation. 25,662,031
Increase. 18,219
Domestic markets.
New York, Dec. 19—Evening.—Cotton 4c higher:
sales 2018 bales; Middling uplands 19ftc. Hour lu
15c lower; sales 5200 bbls; State 5 75 7 00; round
hoop Ohio 6 40 7 35; Western 5 75 (eg 7 20; South
ern 6 60 (eg 9 25. Wheat lower and more active; sales
72,00p bush; No 2 Spring 1 47 (eg l 52; Winter Red
Western 1 54 (eg 1 58; White Michigan 1 60 1 70.
Corn lower; titles 98,000 bush; now Mixed Western
77 (eg 78c. Oats a shade firmer; sales59,000bush; Ohio
and Western 54 (eg 56c. Beef quiet and steady. Pork
firm; new mess 15 00; old do 13 50 13 62. Lard is
dull at 9 9}c. Butter quiet and steady. Whiskey
active; sales at 92c; sellers at 94c, closing buyers at
93fte. Rice firm at 8| (eg 9c. Sugar steady; Musco
vado gg teg 9|c; refining 94 94c. Cotlee firm; Rio
18@2Uftc. Molasses steady; New Orleans 45 (eg 56c.
Naval Stores—Spirits Turpentine iirm at 68ft (eg 69c;
n inn sieauy at a uo ig? o iu lor sirnmea. r*e»roienm
firm; crude 1.°kj} refined 22$ 2*2$c. Tallow dull;
sales at 9 91o,
Freights to Liverpool lower; Com 6$d; Wheat 6d.
Watertown, Bee. 19.—Cattle Market.—Receipts
beef Cattle 6.18 head; market quiet; we quote saies
choice at 9 50; extra 9U0@9 25; first quality 8 00
8 75; second quality 7 00 (jr J 50; tldrd quality 3 0(1
6 50. Sheep and Lambs—receipts 5277 bead; supply
light but no advance in prices; sales in lots at 1 75
5 uo each; extra 5 50 8 50,
Chicago, Bee, 19,—Flour nominal. Wheat mod
erately aptlvemvl declining; No 1 Spring at 1*23$;
No 2 do 1 Corn drooping; No 2 Mixed 40$ 40$c.
Oataiquiet and weak; No 2 at 3l$c. Rye is unchang
ed; No 2 at 62 (ft C2$c. Barley unchanged; No 2
Spring 59$c. Pork in fair demand an<l lower; Mess
at 13 15 (a? 13 30. Lard dull ami a shade lowor at 8fc.
Green meats unchanged. Bulk meats ate*dy; shoul
ders 4fc; short rib middle* 5Jc; short clear middles
fife. Live Hogs dvoqptng at 4 00 4 50; Dressed do
at 4 95, A^'h^key firm at 88o.
Roceint*—0,000 bbls flour, 27,000 hush wheat, 183,
roi bush coin, 38,000 bush oats, 2,000 bush rye, 14.UU0
bush bar'ey, C«Bn liogs.
Shipments—z!m)u bbls flour. 1.000 huah wheat, 13 000
bush corn. */>(!0 bush oats, l.OQy Uush rye, 11,000 busn
barley, 11,000 liogs.
Cincinnati. Doc. 19,-Pork drooping at 1375! Lard
dru>p»Hgftt ti (g 9$c. Bulk meats nominal; sliould
ers 5$; sides Cl 6$c. Bacon dull and unchanged.
Live Hogs weak at 4 10 4 65; receipts 95,000 head,—
AVhiskey*steady at 90c. Green meats weak; should
ers 4$c; sides 5$c; hams 7$ 84o,
St. Louis. Dec. 19X—FVnir unchanged. Wheat is
in good demand} No 2 Spring 1 26: Red Winter firm;
No l at l 54. Corn easier; Mixed on track 43 44c.
Pork quiet at 13 25, Bacon steady; shoulders 7k*;
claar rib sides 7| dear sides 7Jc. Lard easier
at 8$ (if? 8$c,
Tfq0ino, Dec, 19.—Flour unchanged. Wheat dull
an 1 a shade lower; No 1 White Micldgin l <17 1 48;
Amber do 1 42 1 42?; No 1 Red 141; No 2 do 1 37,
Corn dull and a shade easier; high mij;od 48c; l >w
do 47c; Yellow 48$c. Oats dull and declined; No 3
at 39c; Michigan 39$
MiijWAin^bK, Dot:. 18.—FI mr—extra Spring 5 G5
5 70. W heal declined le; No 2 at 1 18$. Oats are
firmer; No 2 Mixed »U 32$. Coni quiet; No 2 Mixed
4(»$c. Rye is ea.-ier; No 1 at 63$c. Barley—No 2Spring
at 00c.
Receipts—2,000 bbls flour, £5,000 bush wheat.
Shipments—2,000 bhb* flour.
Charleston. Doc. 19.—Cotton steely; Middling
UPlHK'l# IfJ Me.
Savannah, pec, M,—(Mtutl higher; Middling up
lands l9}c,
Dec, M,—C°tt°p eaBy; Middling uplands
Nrw Orleans, Doc. 19—Cotton strong; Middling
uplands Hie.
Furopcnu YInrketn,
London, Doc. 19—11.30 A, M,—Consols 92$ 921
for money and account,
American Socupitlea—U. S, 5-20’s 1862,92$; do 1865
old, do ISdr, fl.1*; U. S. 10-40'n, 91|.
Frankfort, Dec. 19—11.30 A. M.—T. S. 5-20’s
1862, 96$.
Liverpool. Dec. 19.-10.30 A. M.—Cotton quiet
and steady; Middling uplands PM; do Orleans 10$d;
sales 12.000 bales. Receipts of Wheat for three days
45,000 quarters, of which 25,000 are Americau.
Loni>0N\ Dec, 10—1,30 P. M.—Consols 92$ for money
apd account,
IflYERPOOL. Pec. 151—1.30 P. M.—Cotton quiet and
steady; sales 12.000 bales. Breadstuff quid. Cali
fornia White Wheat 12s Gd; Red Western Spring lus
10<l 11s 31. Coru3ts0d Barley 3s lod Peas 41s.
Tall<»w 46s 3d.
London, Deo. 19—4.30 P. M.—Consols closet! at 92$
for money and account.
American Sccuri'ies—U. S. 5-20’s 1862. 92$; do 1865
old, 93$; do 1867, 93$; do 10-40’8. 91$.
Frankfort, Dec. 19—1.30 P. M.—United State!
5-20's 1862, 96$ 96$.
Paris, Dec. 19—4.30 P. M.—Rentes 5Cf 65c.
Liverpool, Dec. 19—1.30 P. M.—Cotton closed
dull; Middling uplands 9$ lod; do Orleans lob 1;
•ales 12,000 bales. Cheese 63s. Rclincd Petroleum 17
17$d.
Freight*.
Nf.w Orleans, Doc. 12.—With an ample supply ol
freight room and some comin-tition among masters,
rates have ruled in flavor of shipj^rs, though the offer
ings are fair. The rates are:—Cotton by steam foi
Liverpool 19-32 (a) 4*1; Bremen and Hamburg 11; Bos
t<)u l$c; New York $c; Philadelphia lc; by sail tc
Liverpool $d; Havre l$c; Bremen l$c; B »ston Jc.
Charleston, Dec. 15.—To Uverponl, by steam
via New York l on uplands; Id on Sea Islands; b>
Bail, direct, 7-16*1 on uplands. To Havre, by sail, U
lb on uplands. Cons'wise to New York, by steam
$c 4> lb on uplands, and lc on Sea Island*; $2 41
tierce on Rice; by sail. Jc 4* lb on uplands; 67
68 on Lumber; $9(^619 on Timber. To Boston
by sail. $c ou upland Cotton. To Providence 68 M
on Boards; fe lb lb on uplands; by steam, 61 4> bait
in add! i»n to New York rates. Vessels are in de
mand to take Lumber freights from Georgetown, SC.,
Darien and S itilla River. G i., and Jacksonville, Fla..
to Northern ports, and $1U [u $12 4/ M are rates on
Lumber and Boards.
Galveston, Dec. 9.@There has l»ecn more activity
in the demand during the past week, but 1 over rates
t *r sail to Liverpool and the Continental port*. Ste in
t*» New York is fair at $0 advance, but Mail coastwise
continues dull. Charters includes ships and I bar. .ue
to Bremen at 11-16*1. We now quote as follows
Cotton to Liverpool, sail 4> lb, 9-1&1; Ams erdam do
do jd; Bremen do 11-16.1; Hivre dole; New York
steam. It lb, lc; do do, sail. jc. Hides—New York’
steam, loose, ljc; do do, bales, 4> lb. lc; dodo, wet
salted jc; do sail, loose, Jc; do bales, jc.
Boston Mtock 1*1*1.
[Sales at the Broker’s Board, Dec. 19.]
United State* Sires, 1881. 117g
United States 5-2(J», 1862. 1141
July, 1865. 1144
Boston ami Maine Railroad. 130
Eastern Railroad.9. U,64
Michigan Central Railroad. lllii
Union Pacific Railroad. 07}
Pepj»erell Manufacturing Co. 677$
York Manufacturing Company. 16lu
Union Pacific Railroad Sixes.'. 87
ENTERTAINMENTS.
FLUENT HALL.
PROF. STONE,
Will resume his
BIOLOGICAL SEANCES!
Wednesday Evening, Dec.20,
And continue every evening up to and including
MONDAY, Jan. l*t, (Sunday excepted) positively
to conclude on Monday, Jan. 1st.
Perfect Shower of Holiday Gift*
Will be distributed each evening, including a valuable
Cold Il::.2*ing CaM Watch.
Parents, take your Children. They will be both
amused, and supplied gratis with Holiday Presents.
Husbands, take your Wives to this highly respect
able Entertainment.
You.no Gentlemen, take your Lady Friends to
wtnes* the marvelous phenomena of Electro-Biology,
and secure some of the beautiful presents distributed
eaeh night.
Go one and all, old anil young to Fluent Hall.
Admission (only) 25 cent*; Reserved Seats 50 cents.
Children under 12, to Second Seats 15 cents; Re
served Seats, 25 centR.
Doors open at 7 o'clock; to commence at 8.
Tickets for sale at Hawes Cragin’s, 77 Middle st.
and at the door. dcl9dif
The Ladies’ Guild of St. Paul’s Church
Will hold a sale of
Fancy and Useful Articles,
AT THE
RECEPTION ROOM, City nail,
On the Afternoon and Evening of Satur
day, December 23d.
A REFRESHMENT TABLE
will also be spread, and the managers ask the patron
vt uicir ineuus aii'i me puoilC.
Admimiou Free declStd
PORTLAND THEATRE.
REVIVAL OF FUJI AND PRESENTS.
POSITIVELY FIVE NIGHTS ONLY.
COMMENCING
SATURDAY EYETVINO, DEC. S3.
Return of the Original
FAKIR OF VISHNU,
In his pleasing
GIFT MAGICAL SOIREES,
AIDED BY
SI a. BRIGINSI
And the Wonderful
MittlOYETTE FAMILY.
lOO Beautiful Present* Circa Away
Nightly.
The Best Entertainment Traveling.
Admission 35 cents; Reserved Seats 50 cento; Chil
dren 23 cents.
Dlors open at 7; Performance at 8.
Grand Maiinee Christmas afternoon.
dc20 d&wtf w51
D> 1ST C I N G7
MR. A. B. GEE,
Will commence his second term for instruction In
Daucing for Young Ladies, Masters and Misses, at
his Academy, corner of Brown and Congress sts., on
Wednesday, Dee. 13th at half past 2 o'clock in the
aftern v>u, and c n.inue every WEDNESDAY and
SATURDAY.
N. B.—At the c’. of this term, Mr. Gee will give
-this school a S >cial i’ c- ty in City Hall, with Chand
ler’» Full Band.
Assembly every Monday Evening. For particulars
apply at the Hall. nv30dti
M. L A.
SUPPLEMENTARY COURSE,
COMMENCING
Wednesday Evening, January 3d.
WITH A LECTURE BY
MRS. CELIA BURLEIGH.
Subject: “Houses and Homes.”
TO BE FOLLOWED DY
Him KATE STANTON,
Mm. VICTORIA C. WOODIIl'LL.
NimKATE RFIONOLDS,
Mm. EMILY STRAW FOREMAN.
r&” Concert by the Portland- Band before each
entertainment.
Tickets to the Course, including Beecher’s lecture,
January 10th, $1 25. Evening tickets, 50 cents.
Patrons of the Regular Course by exchanging Ticket
No. 8 at Stockbri lgo’s, 150, Exchange street, Hawes
Cragin’s, 76 Middie street, or Daniel Wentworth’s,
337 Congress street, before Decemlwr 25th, can ob
tain tickets to the Supplementary Course with Cou
pon lickets to' Beechers lecture for 73 cents. The
gallery seats will be reserved f>r the Course at 50
cents each (not including Beecher’s lecture). The
sale of reserved seats will commence at nine o’clock
Saturday morning, Dec. 23d, at Stockbridge’s aMusic
Store. dec 13-t jan 4
LITTLE BAREFOOT
OO TO
ADAMS McCORICISOVS,
BUT A FEW STEFS FROM
MUSIC H A.LL
Where you will find a splendid assortment of
Boots, Shoes ami Slippers.
W.c have a full line of new goods for the Holidays.
Toilet Slippers, all styles, 75c to $2.75.
2S8 Congress St.
_declOdlw OPPOSITE PREBLE HOUSE.
ALLAN LINE!
Montreal Ocean Steamship Co.
CARRYING THE
Canadian and Uuiteil Staten Wails.
Passengers Booked to London
derry au.I Liverpool.
Return Tickets
granted at Reduced Rates.
The Steamship
PRUSSIAN, Capl Dutton, will leave this port for
Liverpool on
Saturday, December £3rd.
Immediately after the arrival of the Train of the
previous day from Montreal.
To be succeeded by the NESTORIAN, Capt. Aird,
on the 30th.
Passage to Londonderry and Liverpool, Cabin (ac
cording to accommodations).£/0 to 880
Payable in Gold or its equivalent.
For Freight or Cabin Passage, apply to
II. A. ALLAN, No. 1 India St.
For Steerage Passage inward and outward, and for
Sight Drafts on England for small amounts apply to
JAMES L. FARMER,
No. 3 India Street.
i Portland, Dec. 5-tf
S L I PPERS!
Slippers for Men.
Slippers for Women.
Slippers for 13oys.
Slippers for Misses.
Slippers for Children.
SLIPPERS
OF ALL KINDS AND SIZES.
AT 132 MIDDLE STREET.
dcl3-e<xl3w is M. G. PAL.HER.
Sealed Proposals
WILT, he received for hull ling a Masonic Hall al
Yarmouth Comer until December 25ili, at 12
o'clock A. M.
Plans and specifications can be obtained of the un
dersigned at his dwelling house. The committee re
serve the right to reject any or all bids.
,1. J. HUMPHREYS,
Per order of tlso Building Committee.
Yarmouth. Dec. 13.1871. _ istd_
MRS. E. II. HATCH’S
STOCK OF
I Millinery and Fancy Goods
Has been removed to
Casco st., 2cl door from Congress,
And will lie sold at fhc greatest bargains ever knowT
in Portland. This is a nice chance to buy Holiday
Goods. A large lot of Human Hair, Ladies’ am
Children’s Reuly-Made Underwear, Hosiery am
Gloves. $1.50 Kids selling for 75 cets. Just call am
see for yourself, and you will feel well paid for you
trouble. J
Pinking and Stamping done to ordor. dclld2i
entertainments.
L E V E E
THE LADIES OE TIIK
UNIVERSALIS! SEWING CIRCLE,
STEVENS' PLAINS,
Will hold a Levee in the
VESTRY OF THE CHI'BCU,
WEDNESDAY EVE’G, DEC. 20th.
A Table fir the sale of Fancy Article*, a Children's
Table and a Kitchen Table will he provided.
Kolrtadimems a* usual.
f,A parade “"d Short Drama, to be followed by a
cvciiing’ "iU among the attraction* of tl
Mu.ic By Chandler.
the entertainment.!* mun> to tl:e Cil* at thc c,0“ ot
lttHmw* n A,"'1‘K"i"n' 25 vents; Childreu under 12,
10 tents. Doors o in at u o'llmk. ,li utd
I. O. Of G. T.
There be a miscellaneous Entertainment given con
sisting of
Scenes from Pizarro,
MUSIC, &c.
On Wednesday Eve’ug, Dec. 20tb,
MY TIIK
Mcmbrn of Porutiouta» Lo l^r,
At GRAND ARMY HALL,
Mechanics’ Building, Congress st.
Ontefresln. ents at reasonable prices,
li-mrs oiien at 7$ o’clock, to commence at 8.
Admission 23 cts. dclStd
ONLY ONCE MORE
WEBB’S QUADKILLE BAND,
Will give one more Assembly at
LANCASTER HALL!
ON
FRIDAY KVE’G, Dee. **d
Tickets 50 cents.
Dancing to commence at 8 o’clock. dcl9t<!
Merry Christmas!
The Ladirs of the
FIRST BAPTIST SOCIETY
Will hold n
FAIR AAD LEVEE
In theVeairv -f the Church Carwr of Cau
*.'."V1 WiiUiot .trill.. ..11 WEDNESDAY
and IHUltSDAY afiernoou* and evening*. Decern*
ber 2ut h and 21»t.
A variety of useful ami fancy articles. Chromot,
Ac., suitable for Holiday present*, will be for solo,
also the n*uai refreshments at G| o’clock, and daring
each evening.
Admission free. MTW&T
GRAND BALL,
-BY
PORTLAND
Typographical Union,
AT
CITY IIALL,
Christinas Night, Monday, Dec. 25,
MUSIC —CHANDLER S FULL BAND.
Ticket® $1.25, admitting gentleman and ladies; to
be obtained of the members of the Union.
The Comiltee will exercise their discretion in tiie
disposal of ticket®.
Clothing taken care of without charge. decl8td
The Wolfe Tone Association
Will give their first
Grand Annual Ball
—at—
LANCASTER HALL
ON
Wednesday Evening, Dec. 27, ’71.
The Committee will endeavor to make this, their
first Ball, as interesting as i*ossiiile.
Music by Raymond's Full Band. J. W. Raymond,
Prompter.
Floor Director—J. II. REILLY.
AIDES:
P. O. Sullivan, W. Casey, J. E. Farrell,
T. J. Swift, J. Haley, J. McGly.nn,
T. O’Brien, J. C. Boland, M. Quinn.
Tickets One Dollar, admitting Gent and Ladies, can
be bad at the door.
N. B. Clothing checked free. decl6td.
A UCT1 OiNh
_ _ _•
Elegant Silver Plated Ware
AND CUTLERY,
AT AUCTION.
On Tueadny, Dec. 19, at lO •’elk, A. M.y
and continue until all is sold,
At 10 A. M. an«.i 2\ P. M. each day.
WE shall sell tbe largest and most magnificent
stock of SILVER PLATED WARE, ever ut
ferod in this city, consisting In part of.
Tea Sets, Card and Cake Baskets,
Vases, Boifuet Holders,
Berry Dishes, Fruit Stands
Spoon Holders, Fruit Dishes,
Mugs and Goblets,
Ice and Water Pitchers,
Dinner, Breakfast, and Pickle Castors,
Cake, Pie, and Fruit Knives,
Celery Stands,
Napkin Rings, Knife Rest3,
Butter, Pie and Cake Knives,
Fish Knives and Forks,
Fruit and Oyster Forks,
Soup, Oyster, Gravy and Cream Ladles,
Table Forks, Spoons, Ac.
All bearing tbe reliable trade mark of the Wilcox
Silver Plate Company, Holme®, Booth Hayden’*,
Mcredian and other equally reliable manufacture*.
All quadruple, triple, or double pinto
ware.
Fine Table and Pocket Cutlery
Of American and English mannlacture, in every
variety and finish.
We ask Ladies and Gentlemen to call at our room*
and examine these elegant and reliable goods, feeling
confident, if they will, they will pronounce them tin*
finest display of plated go>»!s ever in this city.
So favorable an opportunity to buy
Useful and Elegant Holiday Gifts,
was never offered the public before.
Sale positive. Every article offered sold without
reserve.
BAILEY dk CO., Aurfioarrrs.
doclO-td
STOCK OF
Millinery and Fancy Goods
BV AUCTION.
ON Honda? next Dec. 18th, at *J 1-*J
o'clock P. H., we shall sell the siock oi
Mslllnery an-1 Fancy Goods, together with the fix
tures. One .six fo >t Show Case. Shelf B .xes, Bonner.
S.ands, Stools, Tables, Stoves, Loun'o, Ac., in sb>ro
No. 241 Congress street, occupied by Miss I. 11.
Woodsldo.
These g *ods were all purchased new within tvj
years, and selected expressly for retail trade.
F. O. BAILEY CO., Auctioneer*.
The above sale is postponed to WEDNESDAY,
Deci^uth, on account of the weather. dcli/td
AT AUCTION
Henry Taylor Co.—J. K.Osgood, Auct'r.
SPECIAL SALE OF
Oil Painting and Chromos
Wednesday, Dec. 20th, at 2 o’clock, P.M.,
WE shall sell at Henry Taylor A Co’s Aucfi n
Hoorn*. 14 Exchange Street, a rare c<»lkc k-u
of Oil Paiming* and Chromo* in Ikaiitit’u. Frames.
ThiseoUecsim embraces many nne specimen* of art,
and the sale offers a g ldrn opportunity to the cili
zens of P rtl-.ind to obtain VALUABI.E HOLIDAY
PRESENTS at their own nrices. Catalogue fur
nished and the entire collection of 200 pictuie* on ex
hibit n two d#ys previous to the sale. Ladies aro
especially invled to atu-nd.
HENRY TAYLOR A CO., Audi neers.
^Portland, Dec. 16, 1671. dclHtd
Entire Furniture and Fixtures
—OF THE—
WEST GORHAM HOUSE,
BY AUCTION.
ON TUESDAY, Dec’r2Gtli, 1871, commoncing at
ten o’clock A. M.. we shall sell the entire Furni
ture ami Fixtures of West Gorham House c<m-ft*t
ta* «f Chamber, Office, Dlnidg-Room an 1
kitchen tut nit ure, Crockery, Bedding. Stoves, Car
pets, Ae. Also the Fixture* of Staple, together wit i
H«'g*, Cans, Sleds, Sleigh, Wagons, Harneseo.-,
Robes, Ac.
Sale j* skive.
P. O. B.ULGY A CO., Auctioneer*.
Dec ltidtd
II. K. TIXJNT,
Commission Merchant and Anctioneer
T^TO 316 Congress St., will sell every evening a large
i. v assortment of Staple and Fancy Good*.
Good* will be odd during the day in lot* t* *ult
Soircbascrs at wholesale prices, Cash advanced on all
lescripti n of g wxls. Consignin' ii>« uoi limited.
February 11, 1668. dtf
Musical Merchandise,
CON8I8TINQ OF
PIANOS of the best Manufacture,
UUHDKTT WOOD’S
CELEBRATED
REED ORGANS!
(Old Instruments taken in exch4»ge.)
A CHOICE and largo stock of Mlirrt Hu*i«
Book*, Polio*. W rapper*. Al*» a fitu
1 u of Violin*, Banjo*. Drum*. Gnilsr
Cornet*, Coiirrrliuu*. Miring*. H»*tr Bov
i e«, Plano Mtool*. All cun l*> obtained at
1 HAWES t’RAGIN’S Music Store,
77 HIDDIiI) HTKKKk'.
t tyMusic acm by mail. dcl'JooJ-Ora