THEM O R NIN GST A K
VOL. IV. NO. 122
TELEGRAMS
TO THE MORNiNU STAR.
[BY AMERICAN PRESS
CABLE DISPATCHES.
A FRSNffI SEIBATION.
How Prussia Escaped a War
With England.
REVEALING OF A GREAT PLOT.
The British Regency Rumor.
FROM WASHINGTON
Savages of Yellow Fever.
Flashes in Ge neral.
LOCAL NIW3 OF INTEREST.
Sen National Publication— K nipioiwaffe
Pl* t for War with Prussia that Palled
to be Carried Out.
Paris, Oct. 25.—The Courier Diplomatique in
its issue of to-day, publishes under official au
thority the following remarkable facts relative
to the Schleswig-Holstein difficulty:
"It appears that in 1861 Earl Russell, then
Premier of England, entered Into secret nego
tiations with the French government, propos
ing an alliance between France and England in
favor of Den mark against Prussia. Tne nego
tiations were conducted with the utmost secre
cy, and were carried on between Earl Russell
and the Emperor personally. By the terms of
the proposed alliance, war was to he imme
diately declared against Prussia. The hostile
operations by sea were to be opened by Eng
land, which would forthwith dispatch a fleet to
blockade the principal Prussian ports. Mili
tary operations on a large scale
were simultaneously to be be commenced by
France. If the combined movement proved
successful, it was agreed that France should
incorporate into her territory the Bavarian
Palatinate, being the entire westernmost por
tion of the Kingdom of Bavaria, and forming
the province of Rhenish Bavaria. France wae
also to absorb the Duchy of Hesse Darmstadt
and all of the so-called Rhine Provinces of
Prussia. The details of the proposed al
liance emanating from the English Premier
were fully accepted by the Emperor. The
plans, being thus far perfected, wore submitted
to the English Cabinet for consideration, and
approved, but the members of the Cabinet, ac
ting under pressure from the Crown, refused
Earl Russell their support, or to sanction the
alliance, and the negotiations failed in conse
quence.”
Tho publication of the above official state
ment creates a profound sensation in diplo
matic circles here. The source from which
these revelations were derived has not been
made public, bnt it is generally believed that
the information has been procured from private
documents belonging to Napoleon, which have
been discovered.
ÜBEAT RHITAIN.
The Regency Ku mor.
Lowdon, Oct. 25.—The Morning Pott, regard
ed as the semi-official organ, pronounces the
rumor regarding the establishment of a regen
cy, in consequence of the Queen’s prolonged
illness, entirely void of foundation.
r «OM WASHINGTON.
Treasury Balances.
Washington, D. C., Oct. 25—The follow
ing were the Treasury balances at the close of
business to-day: Cnrrency, <4,915.305 91;
Coin, $97,520,744 00; Coin Certificates, $l6 660
100 00.
Signal Service Apology.
No weather reports have been received from
tbe north of Chicago for two weeks past, in
consequence of the destruction of tbe telegraph
lines.
I«aakia« lata <'aatom Boat* Trre**«larl«
at lavaanah.
Instruction* were issued to-day for a special
agent of the Treasury Department to take
charge of the Savannah Custom House, and
investigate the charges of irregularities which
are alleged to have been carried on in that
offlee for a long period.
4MFTMAM
Annual Ms sting of the American Bible
Tom, Oct, M.—The aevency-seoond
annual ms sting of tee American Bible Union,
wnmmanaed to-day. Tn taoassrw submitted
Bia annualreport, shewing the total expend!
FRANCE.
tures for the year to have been $56,018 M, and
total receipts oaly $53,684 4ft. The following
items were included: Eoglish scriptures, $6,-
®4 71; for grants and donations, $1,836 33; for
publication of English scripture, $22,870 44* for
agents salaries and expenses, $8,843 58; o/U
-curs salaries, $3,450.
The Boson swig Abortion Trial.
la the case of Roaenswig, the alleged abor
tionist, which was commenced to-day, before
Recorder Hackett in the Court of General Seel
aions, a full Jury wae obtained alter the panel
had been nearly exhausted. After the twelfth
juror had been sworn, Mr Hammel, associate
counsel for the defence,applied ior an adjourn
ment of the ease until to-morrow morning.—
Judge Garvin, the prosecuting attorney, said
they had a case against the prisoner which
they were confident they could prove. Under
these circumstances and that there might be no
complaints hereafter that the prisoner did not
get every cbaooe for defence, he consented to
adjournment until to-morrow. The Recorder
then adjourned the case to 10 o’clock to-mor
row.
The Beaus Check Operator in Court-
An Exciting Scene,
Arthur X. Breeds, the forger, was taken be
fore Judge Hogan at the Tombs this afternoon,
to answer the charge of passlag a forged
check for $5,000 on the Btuy veg ant Bank. The
cashier of the bank appeared and proved the
forgery. At the close of the examination, an
exciting scene occurred. The prisoner ob
tained possession of the check from the Judge’s
desk, and cramming it into his mouth at
tempted to swallow it. He was instantly
seized by detectives, and thrown to the flaor,
and after being choked until black in the fane,
the check was taken from his mouth. He was
committed without bail.
THE FI HE FIEND.
Alarming Conflagration la Navada-
Anxiety for Kain.
Carron, Nov., Oct. 25.—An extensive and
alarming conflagration is now raging in the
mountains east of this city, and large quantities
of wood have already been destroyed. Rain Is
anxiously looked for in this section.
BPOKTIIVH ISATTEBS.
Pimlico Course Races Postponed.
Baltimore, Md., Oot. 25.—0 n account of the
unfavorable weather, there was no racing to
day on Pimlico course. The races announced
tor to-day will take place to-morrow If the
weather permits.
Yachting Contest postponed—Sad Acci
dent on Board the Dauntless—One Man
Drowned.
New York, Oct. 25.—The second race be
tween the Livonia and Dauntless for a fifty
guinea cup, which wal to have come off to day,
was postponed on account of heavy fog and
the wind, which waa blowing almost a gale.
When near Sandy Hook lightship, a sad acci
dent occurred. Four of the crew of the Daunt
less were out on |the Jibboom of the vessel at
tempting to stow aWay the sail, when, a heavy
sea swept two men named Lewis Murray and
Gustave Lausen overboard. Lausen was res
cued in an exhausted condition. Murray, who
was a native of St. John’s, and belonged to the
yacht Columbia, was drowned. The yachts
then returned to their anchorage.
Kaclnsat Plttsbnrg, Pa.
Pittsburg, Pa., Oct. 25,-At the races here
to-day, a fair attendance waa present.
The first race was for horses with no record,
and was won by Dickenberk’s Lady Alice. The
best time was 2:43.
The second race was fora purse of $3,000,
Goldsmith Maid and Lucy were the contestants.
The former won in three straight heats. Time—
-2 261-4; 2:211-2 and 2 24.
CHICAGO FTEMt.
Bnpplieia—Tiispsnsina with Military fUr-
Tfres-Tho Political Valon aad Candi
date for Mayor.
Chicago, 111., Oct. 25.—Twenty-seven load*
of supplies arrived yesterday.
Cash receipts and subscriptions thus far
reach $1,452,836. It is estimated that $2,700,000
will be needed the next thirty days tor provid
ing buildings, fuel and clothing for the desti
tute.
The banks are going along smoothly. Some
Eastern and European Insurance Companies
are paying their losses promptly, being used by
the merchants to lay in new stocks.
Mayor Mason has notified Gen. Sheridan
that there is no further need of the service* of
the regular and volunteer trpops. The General
ha* directed the disbanding of the latter, and
ordered the former to proceed to their respec
tive rtatlons at Leavenworth, Louisville, Fort
Hayes and Omaha,
The Republican and Democratic committees
met this evening and completed nominations
for city and county ticket*. Joseph Model), of
the Tribune, was nominated for Mayor. The
basis agreed upon give* the. Democrats six
County Commissioner*. City Treasurer and
Attorney, Judge of Circuit Court, on* Police
Magistrate, eight Aldermen, seven Constables,
one Town Supervisor, Town Clerk and Town
Collector. Tbe;balance of the ticket will be
Republican.
W««tktr FrobuMllt'e*.
Waihisotok, D. C., Oet 25—7:30 p. m.—
The pressure will probably continue to foil
from Now England to tbe South Atlantic, with
cloudy weather. Partially cloudy weather,
with light local rain* i* probable in the Gulf
States. The low pressure la lowa will prob
•kly move southeast into Kentucky aad east
ward, with brisk winds la Illlnoto. Fresh
southerly winds ar* probable en the Lake*,
followed by northwest winds on the Upper
Lakes.
PROVIDENCE, R. L, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26. 1871.
TNLLOW JACK.
Marages of tine Plaawe at
Mbmphis, Tenn., Oot. 25.-Private telwrrams
from Vicksburg report tee death of tiiieen per
sons la that city front yellow fryer yesterday.
Over three thousand persons have quit the city,
and numbers are leaving daily oa account of
the plague.
Metes er Philadelphia Political
Trembles*
Philadelphia, Pa., 0ct.25-C. T. Yorks,
Jr., broker for the city loans, snd a defruiter
to some extent, was arrested th la stternoon.
charged with embezzlement and larceny in hav
ing hypothecated tep loan instead of selling it.
He gave bail in the sum of $50,000 to appear for
examination to-morrow.
Nicholas Shane, one ot the sureties of Mr.
Mercer, the City Treasurer, has heesme insane.
Mierellaneeas Flashes.
—Forest fires arc reported in New Hamp
shire.
—Philadelphia is calling for an increase in
its new paid fire department.
—The Governor of New Hampshire has ap
pointed November 30th for Thanksgiving Day.
—The Wall street markets were not marked
yesterday by any particular interest. Gold
closed dull at 111 ft-8 and 111 3-4.
—Ous Field, a well known billiard saloon
keeper in New York, died yesterday morning
of consumption at the age of sixty-seven. His
illness was but of five months duration.
A RIOT IN LOS ANOtLOS, CAL.
TIIK "HEATHEN CHINKS** ON THE WAR PATH-
FIFTEEN OF THEM'HUNG BT A MOB.
San Francisco, Oct. 24.-A terrible riot is
going on at Loa Angelos. A fight having oc
curred in the Chinese quarters, Officer
Bclderon attempted to arrest a Chinaman for
shooting another. He was resisted and sailed
on Hobart Thompson, a citnen, to assist him.
The Chinese on both aides of the narrow street,
opened fire on both. Thomp ton fell, shot
through the breast, and died immediately.
Officer Belderon waa shot through the aboul*
der, but succeeded in getting on horseback and
escaped. A Mexican boy was also shot
through the leg. A mob soon collected and
the greatest excitement prevailed. They
attacked the whole Chinese quarter. They
were resisted by the Chinese. Five hundred
armed men surrounded the Chinese quarter to
prevent any from escaping. Fifteen Chinamen
wore hanged by the mob, and houses set
fire. The fire, however, waa extinguished.
9p. m.—Order at Los Ange tea has boon par
tially restored by the authorities. No more
bloodshed has taken place. Several Chinamen
have been arrested and lodged in jail.
LOCAL NEWS.
“DEACONS.”
Lecture by the Mev. W. if. Il Murray
Before the Tonna Men's Carlstian As
sociation.
A large audience listened to the Rev. Mr.
Murray, on “Deacons,” at Music Hall last even-
Ing, Tne half hour previous to the address
was pleasantly occupied by the skllfol per
formance of Mr. E. K. Glezen upon the organ.
The voice of the speaker was quite weak, the
cause of which he explained. He had spoken
the previous evening under abominable cir
cumstances, in a damp basement, where a
thousand people made the air so thick it might
be cut like soft cheese. The consequence was
nearly the loss of his voice temporarily. The
speaker began the treatment of his subject
without introduction, and was listened to with
the closest attedtion to the close of his address,
of which we give the following abstract:
From a diversity of views In New England,
and the individuality of opinion, arise the nu
merous sects. Independence of thought pre
vails everywhere. In the early history of the
country a certain aristocratic element abound
ed where it might least have been expected, in
the religious organizations. By thio means
tbe office of “Deacon” became gradually one of
distinction. The honors which once attached
to the office of parson and Esquire have nearly
passed away, but the “Deacon” still lives, not
as a class, but here and there scattered over
the land.
The speaker proceeded to Illustrate
his subject by an illustrating sketch of
three typical Deacons, beginning with
Deacon Blowup of Foesllvllie, who was
senior deacon of the First Congregational
Church in Foseflvilie. As sketched by Mr.
Murray, this character was typical of the slight
discuseions that too frequently creep Into the
churches, la many churches no new thing,
however good, could be introduced without
meeting the little opposition of Deacon Blow
up. Tbe speaker urged that the churches
should break loose from the control of snch
men, declaring that piety did not put a man
into a straitjacket; it did not prescribe tbe
fashion of his necktie, and those who thought
It an unpardonable sin to row a boat, ohoot a
rifle or ride a horse, were not up la tbe exe
gesis. He hoped to see tbe day when a stoop
in the back would be unorthodox, aad a nar
row chest would put a theological student at
aa immense disadvantage. Tbe next deacon
described was Deacon Sharpface, whose great
est misfortune was that be lived 1900 years too
late. The Joy aad strength of hie life was hi*
orthodoxy; but in process of time he was
brought to his dying bed, sad then charity
came and hi* rigidness was softened, and he
died in the full beauty of true piety. Although
the speaker had thus sketched harshness and
meanness, these were declared to he the ex
ceptions la the elaas which he was describing.
The last sketch was that of Deaeoa Goodheart,
who was eoaaeetod with one of ths stMtost Or
thodox ehurehes, a “rsotaogular ehnreh.” Ho
was act fleshy, but was what might be tonnod
stout, aad it sms a peribet wunflm that (towns
ever elected, for whoever heard of a fot deoem
■i*
efaa Orthodoxphuroh f Thia man waa delin
eated no a “model deacon,” loved by ths chib
dree, reverenced by the poor and enflterlag.—
He waa not groat In prayer, and need to any a
man never prayed aright unison be went and
did what bo naked God to do. la exomplifloa
lion of thio doctrine, Deacon Goodheart wont
out one atomy winter night to visit those who
were sulforing for the necessaries of life, and
the speaker clued by giving a half-humorous,
half pathetic description of the visit, al one
time making bio hearers laugh as he described 1
the deacon's slip on the lee, and anon calling I
for handkerebiefii at the eyes as ho told bow
the deaeon found a little girl, “who slept the I
sleep that knows no waking.” j
Yesterday morning at about half-past eight
o’clock fire waa discovered In a barn upon the
Halsey estate, corner of Prospect and Jenokee
streets. An alarm was immediately given and
the steamers were promptly on band, but some
fifteen minutes passed before water could be
brought upon the Are, and dunng that tifne the
barn, with Its contents, waa entirely consumed.
There were two horses and several carriages
and harnesses in the barn, none of which were
saved. The fire communicated to the large
brick house upon the same lot,, occu
pied by Mr. K. M. Chaffee, but only a
small i>ortlon of the roof and aide was burned.
Several of the outbuildings were consumed,
and at one time it seemed as if there would bo
a general conflagration, as no water could be
obtained, the wind was blowing strong, and
sparks from the burning buildings were blown
upon the houses adjacent. The Are depart
ment at hatobtalned water from a Are well on
Barnes street, and the Are was speedily ex
tinguished. Mr. Chaffee’s loss will probably I
be $l,OOO. Ho has an Insurance of $B,OOO npon
the property. The Are was Incendiary, a man
being seen to light it and then run away. An
attempt bad previously been made during the
morning to Are a carpenter shop on Halsey
street, Im longing to Mr. Charles Jenokes, but
the flames wore extinguished before any seri
ous damage waa done.
A young man named Peter Byrne was arrested
yesterday morning, on suspicion of being the
incendiary. Ho is I
and for some time has been very dissipated,
causing the police considerable trouble. Ho io
the son of the late Janitor of the State House.
He will probably be examined to-day m the
Court of Magistrates.
The alarm of Ire from Box 32, at ten o'clock
last evening, brought the department to the
large and now brick building upon the
corner of Orange and Friendship streets,
belonging to Charlotte Goddard. Mr. Henry
M. Howe discovered smoke rising between
this and an adjoining building, and gave the
alarm. Two or three other parties observed it
at nearly the same time. The portion of the
bull line damaged by the fire was occupied by
B. M. Hunt A Co., dealers in bay, straw, lime,
and cement. The lire began In the cellar, to
which It was confined. dense smoke poured
from the windows on the arrival of the steam
ers, and it is probable the fire had then been
under way for some time. The principal con
tents of the basement were baled hay and lime,
which latter, slacking violently as water was
thrown upori it, produced a suffocating smoke.
At eleven o’clock, Chief Engineer Greene or
dered a second alarm, in order to bring out the
rest of the steamers, that they might
be on hand in case the fire should
break through Into the upper stories.
As soon as the condition of matters would ad
mit, the work of removing the lime was com
menced, and proved an exceedingly diflcult
task. The basement contained two hundred
barrels of lime, two hundred of cement, and
two thousaed bushels of hair. Mr. Hunt estl
mates the probable damage to the stock at a
thousand dollars. This is covered by insur
ance in the Narragansett Company of thio city
and the- Franklin of Philadelphia—llSoo in
each. Incendiarism is the alleged origin of the
fire,
Rkhuaxsal.—Mendelssohn's "tfur ay
Prayer” will Im rehearsed in Mowry A Goff’s up
per school room on Friday evening. Our must
cal people are pleased with the opportunity of
hearing so line a composition under Mr. Carter.
Yacht Vbsta, whMh It was supposed had
gone home to Boston to lay up for the Winter,
arrived hero last night from Now York, whither
she had been to attend the races.
DIUW.-A well dressed young man was
taken out of a store on Thames street, this
morning, by the City Marshal aad Capt. Ham
mond, drunk, and locked up in the poMos sta
tion to got sober.
Fob thb StaYb Farm.—Miss Parker, who
has given her friends and the police so much
troablfof late, aad furnished so many items
for the papers, to to bo packed off to the State
Farm fora few months for a change.
Good Fishing.—Captain Hammond, of the
police, who uses much of hto time, when not
engaged In catching rogues, in catching doh,
caught, yesterday, twelve dozen smelts in
about two hours. Some of them wsigbod'lve
ounceo each.
A QCBsnoN has begun to arise in the minds
of many of our citizens, in view of the many
instances of drunkenness on tbs part of
women, and the frequent rows that occur from
the use of intoxicating liquors, as to whether
there to any restraining influence to the license
lav.
Amfdtatiom,—Mr. George W. Sherman, re
siding on the corner ofTouro aad Spring
streets, to this city, suffered the amputation of
a toot, on Monday, Dre. Butler, Tamer aad
Eage being the operating surgeons. Bo had
boon suffer tag tor the past Ivo months from
Newport.
PRICK ONE CENT.
ownsKo of the member. The opera*
non was successfully performed, and the pa*
Meat, though a man considerably advanced in
years, is doing well.
CXAXY.-Tbat was what was the matter with
Myron F. Howard, a fellow about twenty-one
years of age, who wandered into the gun house
of the Newport Artillery Company, yesterday
morning, whore ho wae found by Mr. Thomae
Lawton, the Janitor, at which tome ho had light,
od a kerosene lamp which ho bad Mt in danger*
ous proximity to the wood work ot the roof,
and had opened a box of equipments and out
Into strips one or two of the straps. He was
taken to the police station and locked up for a
fow hours until bo had ascertained with more
accuracy hie bearings, and then released.
October 25.
Annnwl Bvaaion nfthe Chatnln*
Wkdnmimt Morning, Oct. S 3,
prayer mooting w«* held from 0 to 10
k V* ,e morß,B The render exerolM. of
the Conference were then introduced by devo
tion*! service., conducted by Bov. Dr Yntinn
ot Full River. The Pre.ldJt of tc Confer*
enoc, IliaKxoellen.y.Governo. Pad hl ford, the*
made an opening address, welcoming th. dele
gate. n( the various church. to this city and
church. About two hundred •delegate, were
in attendance.
A most encouraging report was mad. by the
chairman of the committee on Christian work.
I The church.. and Sunday echoed, are rvnrt
amted to bo in good condition. Two churches
rt n o •Moul pastors, and Mra. Celia
Burleigh haa taken the place of Hey. Mr.
Btone, aapaator oi the church in Brooklyn. Ct.
The report concluded with the recommenda
tion that the fellowing reaolution bo paaaed:
That the cordial fellowship of thia Conference
be extended to Rev. Mra. Celia Burleigh, pas
tor ot the church in Brooklyn, Ct. Thia action
indicate, a now departure in tha Unitarian
body. Remark, ware made approving thia
Ttral kenllemen, amdng other, by
lho Prodecaor of Mra. Bur
lelgh at Brooklyn. Borne pertinent and highly
complimentary remark, were called forth dur
ing the dl.oua.lon of this aubjMt. Amon*
otheratatement.lt waa aald that Mra. Julia
Ward Howe haa repeatedly officiated with
KrtemcmtCr 00 of Newport and
The reporta ofßev. Messrs. Kitridge and
Slovene, in regard to the mleaionary work per
fermed by them, occupied conaiderablo time,
and show that great good haa resulted from
their labor..
A reaolution flavoring a general action of the
denomination, in regard to the examination
and approval of Chrlatian preacher., waa voted
down alter an extended dlacuaalon.
Resolutions honoring the memory and Chris,
tlanoharaotor of the late Kara Style. Gannett,
D. D., were paaaed unanlmeualy, th. congrega
tion voting by rtalng fh.m the.r aeati>
Roeoluttoni of sympathy with the Unitarian
churchM in Chicago, and btueciallv with Rev,
Robert Collyer, called forth aome eloquent
remark, from Rev. Mr. Shippen, Secretary of
the American Unitarian Aaaociation.
The C’onferenoe voted to hold the next meet
ing with the In Fairhaven, on the last
Tu A a, T nd Wednesday of April, 1879.
m Ji races. of half an hour waa
k B 2, Df n Brt J‘»‘>P®m® B made to Roger Wil-
Ham. Hail, where a fine collation wa. enjoyed.
«®arly MO pereou. aat at the. table., which
mlm
Alter the want, of the Inner man had been
duly aupplled. and a period of aoelal inwr
courae enioyed, ’he Conference waa called to
order, and Dr. Young waa introduced. At the
entertained by aome persona
that they ahould have a aurfelt of good thing..
But really the greateet treat of the aee.lon fal
lowed. The .object of the ea.ay waa “The
causes of the diiulnlahed Attendance on Che
ministrations of the church Dr. Young .poke
In a manner to elicit the closest attention
of hla audience. Hla uttemnoef, indeed,
merit the serious conMlderation ot all the
eburuhoa of our land, and the paper ia to be
printed entire in the Chvittlan Rtylvtor and
Libtral Chritllun. After the eaaay came eight
or ten pertinent and apirltrd addresses, all
showing that thia session of the conference had
been an occasion of pleasure nod *prodt. The
church waa beautifully adorned wlih fliwers,
and on the table, were wtn« of the fl neat pro
duction. of our gardens. Though Channing,
Gannett, Hall, and other., who labored with
them for the diffusion of liberal Chrletianty
have gone to their reward, the o.um which
they espoused And. earneat and devoted sup
porter.. Thl. conference organ’r.od but live
•xonllent aorvioefor
God ano humanity.
Fall Mirer.
A ocidxnt —William Garrow, son of Mrs.
Harriott Garrow, bad his right arm caught in
lh Tr w J r afternoon,
and both bones of the fore flngor broken. Dr.
Isaac Smith, Jr., reduced the fracture.
Hartford has throe thousand children out of
school.
Cousin John to the name of a town to
California has eight million gallons to treat
with thio year.
Venison Is not dear is Wisconsin—it’s only
eight coots a pound.
Ths favorite revival tune with Georgia no
groes io “Shoo Fly.”
Tbs Italiano of Mow York have established a
Bureau of Immigration.
Naptha is prpvsd a safe and economical fuel
for locomotives in Bosnia.
Indianapolis bassent her big camp meeting
tent to Chicago for a hotel.
Sunday next has been appointed a day of
fasting aad prayer in Chicago.
The way for housekeepers to make both ends
meet, is not to buy any bone.
A good deal of bad poetry Is to be Included
among the reverses of the Chicago Ire.
•There is excellent reason for believing that
Commodore Ashbury’s yacht is not for stof.
Successful experiments in raising tea have
boms made in several of the Southern Staton.
A Georgia woman had one of bar ears taken
locomotive. The court will give her a
A Vermont paper to republish Ing Shakspean
to show bow many passages an founded on
Scripture.
There are six Umosae many murders in Italy
to to Franco or England, to proportion to the
population.
The tailors’ strike to New Haven is ended,
toeodtog to the demand forto-
Mrs. Jen Q. Swtoobehn has abandoned the
r Mil rial held, and to pernor of a Baptist so
ciety to Pennsylvania.
Conference.