OUT-DOOR SPORTS.
2

JEROME PARK RACES.
SECOND DAY—THE HUNTER B8TAKE WON BY
ELSIE, THE DESSERT STAKES BY INVERARY,
THE MATURITY STAKES BY PREAKNESS,
THE MILE-HEAT RACE BY ABDEL KOREE,
3 AND THE HURDLE RACE BY FPOOL-SELLER.
The Jerome Park race meeting yesterday
fait the effects of the devastating fire at Chicago, for the
great majority of those whe patronize racing were too
deeply ongrossed im ascertaining how far their
financial interests were affected by the calam
ity te attend the meeting, and there was
consequently a great falling off in the number of visitors,
The weather also, as if in sympathy with the public
feeling, was dull and gloomy, and doubtless kept many
away who were afraid of spoiling their tollettes by
exposure to the threatened rain-storm. The track {tsclf
was in good condition, and the racing was excellent.
In the Hunter Stakes, Mr. Withere's daughter of Leam
tngton and Bapta, Elsie, had no difficulty in disposing of
her solitary opponent, the War Danee filly. The race
for the Drasert Stakes, for two-year-olds, was one
of the closest and best-contested ever witnessed; the
two horses engaged running head and bead, stride for
stride, from start to finish. It was only decided in favor
of Mr. Cameron's filly by a short half head. The winner
is another daushter of Leamington, ont of the high-bred
imported mare Stolen Kisses, by Knizhit of Kars out of
Sacherometer's dam Defamation by Lago.
The Maturity States, three miles, was won by Mr. San
ford's colt Preakness. It was with the greatest difficulty
that his rider could igh him from running past bis
opponents in the early part of the race, and when at last
be gave him his head, the race was decided ina few
strides, for he left the fivld opposed to hiw as if they
wore standing still. In the mile-heat race, Col.
McDaniels's new Jarctiaze, Abdel Koree, won eagily.
The hurdle-race fell to Col. McDaniel, by the aid of his
Asteriod colt, Poolseller—a liorse that promises to take
the famous Oyeterman's place, and win Wauy steeples
chase and burdle-race.
TARE RACES.
The Hunter Stakes, for three-year-old fillies, $300 en
trance, half forfeit, $500 added, one mile and threequar
ters, had 13 entries, of which only two started. Mr.
Withers's brown filly Elsie, by Lemington, dam
Bapta, and Grinstead und Bissick's chestnut
filly hy War Dance, ont of the dam of Opte
mint. Else wad a good pubhe performer in her two
year-old form, but, going amiss in the Spring, she has not
run this season. The betting was §100 to $30 ou Elsie.
She made the ranning throughout, and won easily by
two lengths. Time, $:233. Value of the stakes, $2,750.
BUMN AKY.
Jerong Park Farr Meerine.—second day, Tuesday, Oct. 10.
Virst race. The Hunter Stakes, For thes three years old; $300 ea:
trance. h $0 added. One mile and three-qaarters,
D. D. Wither's br. f. Elsie, by Leamington, dau apts Cray. coveted
Grinstend Bisseck’s eb. f° by War Dance, ont of Optimist’s dam,
Fields... I RE RE TL Tr
Tiwe, 3:24.
The Deasert Stakes was the second race, and was 8
sweepstakes of 300 each, half forfeit, for two-year olds,
to carry 100 pounds, one mile. There were 16 entries, hut
only two started—Hunter Travers's hay colt Alarm, by
Eclipse, dam Maud, and Mr, Cameron's brown tilly In
verary, by Leamington, dam Stolen Kisses. Ina match
for $000 run at Saratoga, this Summer, Alarm
had beaten Inverary cleverly, and in SOnSEGUCICE
he was mide a warm favorite by the turf speculators,
who freely offered $100 to $30 on him. A fine start was
made, both horsas going under the string head and head,
They ran thus around the JuFH, past the quarter a
and around the Ciab house bluff so closely locked to
cother that it was impossible to say which had the
slightest advantage over the other. Ou coming into view
der skirting the lull, Alarm wus seen a length in trout,
and his backers were loud in their offers of $100 to £15.
Inch by inch Inverary gained upon Alarm on the lower
strotoh, and was at his saddle-girths as they turned into
the home-streteh. The pace was very fast ou the
straight sticteh, half way up which Gray used both whip
and spur, while Donohne was iting Inverary at
every stride. At the distance, both were head and head.
aud awid the greatest excitement, Mr. Caweron’s pug
went under the string the winner hy the shortest of hulf
heads, in the fast titwe for the weights carried of 1:473,
although the official record of the tiers placed it at 1:48,
Value of the stakes, $2,700.
BUMMARY.
speosp Race —The Dessert stakes, $300 eutrance. L f, for two
vear-obls, to carry 100 pounds one mile.
RW. Caperor's br. lnverary, he Leamington, dam Stolen Kisses... 1
Hunter Travers's bc Alare by Ret 9, Gali MABO. cot ireiiinnnns 2
Ane—1:44,
The Maturity Stakes for tour-vear-olds, $200 cach, half
forfeit, with $1,200 added, was the third race; the second
horse receiving £00 out of the stakes, The distance was
three miles, and there were o6 horses entered, of which
seven came to the post. These were M. H. Ranford’'s
hay colt Prenkness, the winner of the Westehester cup
and Dinner Party stakes; Swigert's bay colt Pilgrim, the
winner of the Congress stakes of four wile heats at 8t.
Louis this Summer; Mr. Cotteill's gray colt Fireball,
which had come from (the West with a high reputation;
John O'Donuell’'s bay colt, Harie; D. J. Clouse's brown
colt, Chilicothe, and J. Cofiee’s ch. colt, Judge Durell,
Pool selling was very brikk on thir race, and large
amounts were invested by the assembled turfmen on
ther respective fancies. The following guotations will

UW LHD Deiuils
Preakness, .......oooiiine PPR 8260
Fireball... pl
Pilgrin PYRITE 3
600
EEE 510
£00
Chillicothe. .coovrirrsnnsnannne MNS
Judge Durell...ooiaiiieeiinnens 105
Kit)
308
80
co.
#610
05
400
30
310
When the sag fell, Chilicothe was ‘n front, Prenkness
second, June yurell next, and Fireball elose up. Going
aronnd the turn, Fireball went to the trout, and at the
quarter-pole was four lengths ahead of Chilicothe, Judge
Durell being third, Pelquin fourth, Prenkness fifth,
and Haric last. As the herses went around the
Club-House bluff, Fireball was leadiug three lengths,
the others in the same order as named. On
Coming in view acain, Firebail's lead had decreased to
two lengths, Judge Durell betes now sccond, three
lengths before Cuilicothe, with Pilgrim and Preakness
Hex, and Susan Aun bringing up the rear. On the lower
side kness aod Pilgrim passed Chilicothe, and as the
hoes swept up the homestretch and went under the
string on the first mile Fireball was only a head in front of
Judge Durell, the latter leading Preakness three lengths,
Pilgrim being fourth, Chilicothe fifth, and Haric side hy
side with Susan Aun. Time of the first wile, 2:07. On
tne turn Judge Durrell obtained the lead from Fireball,
with Prenkness at the latter's quarters, and thus they
run around the club-house bluff, Hayward pulling Prenk
ness to keep him from going to the front. As they
ume on below after skirting the hill, Judge Durell was
ll leading with Fircball and Pilgrim at his saddle
Zirtha, and Prenkuess under a heavy pull, fourth. The
weond mile was run in 4:08, Judge Durell befug half a
ength ahead as they went under the string, Pll
orim second, as far before Fireball, Preukness
fourth, Susan Aun fifth, snd Harie last. En
tering the third and last mile, Pilgrim and
Fireball were head aud bead a8 they went around the
turn, with Susau Ann third, a neck before Mr. SBapford's
colt. Going aloug the course in front of the stables Hay-
ward, unable any longer to restrain Preakness,
loosed the reins, and the gallant horse shot
lirectly to the front, and opened so wide a
cup at every stnde, that as they went around the hill he
Ww. 4 three clear lengths ahead, Pilgrim being second,
judge Darell third, Fireball fourth, and Chilicothe last
of all. Coming sxaiv in view, Prenkuess was seen lead-
ing six lengths, and galloped owe an easy winner by
that distance, Susan Ann being so ond, Judge Darell
third, Hare fourth, Clulicothe fitth, Pilgrim sixth, snd
Fireball last, ‘Tine, 5:63.


BUMMARY.
Tramp Racor —The Matarity Stakes, for fonr-vear-olde of 2200 each,
bh. f., with $1,200 sided the second boree to receive $39 out of the
«takes. Three miles.
1. M. H. Sanford's b. Preakness, by Lexington, dam Bay Leaf..... 1
t HP. MeGrath's b. Busan Aon, by Lexington, dam Roxana, by

Jtup. Chesterfield. o.oo. vriniiaeriiaas cerriiaita iain 2
John Coffee's eh. Jadge Daureli (iste McCloskey), br Lexington, cam
B. G. Thomas's gr. Fireball, by Ligutuing, dam Dixie, Herzog s dam,
1). Bwigert's b. Pilgrim, by Lexington, dam ip. Cairne Gore, by
John O'Dovell's Hare, by imp. Australian, dam Bresus, by wp.
ei ite 0
0
Knight Of Kt. GEOTRE. 0. vurrrenstoeiraanuuiiinieisiniminnatie:s 0
D. J. Crouse's br. Clalicotbe by Lexieyton, dam Lilla, Uy Yorkshire.
Time— lst mile, 2:07; two wiles, 4:03; 3 wiles, 8:52.
The third race was for a purse of $506, mile heats, for
which the entries were Taylor ayes b. h. Hawburg, D.
Swight's ch. c. Stockwood, M. H. Banford's b. m. Niagara,
D. McDaniels's ch. Adel Koree, and A. Belmont’s b. c.
Lord Byron. Abdel-Koree was a great favorite, selling
for $325, against $100 for the others. In pools with the
favorite left out, Hamburg sold for $160, Stockwood, $35;
Niagara, $45, and Lord Byron, $5.
FIRST HEAT.—Magara cast out the YRASInG, With Lord
Byron and Stockwood next, and the favorite last. At the
turn a collision forced Stockwood on the rails, and inter
tered with Hamburg. At the yuagier-poie Magara still
led, Lord Byron pext, and Abdel Koree third, but
at the Lill the favorite was at Muagara’s head.
Coming in view again, the last two were
japped, four lengths before Hamburg. On the home
stretch, Abdel Koree showed in front, and, although
Hamburg tried resolutely to reach him, the former won
the heat by a length, Niagara third, and Stockwood last.
Time, 1:46). A complaint was made against Rowe, the
jookey of Abdel Koree, for foul riding; but the judges, on
consideration, awarded the heat to Abdel Koree.
SECOND HEAT.—Hamburg sold for $100; Mazarin, $45;
stockwood, 835 and Lord Byron $5, with Abdel Korve
left out. A bad start, Mazarin getting off several lengths
in front of Lord Byron, 8tockwood third, and the favorite
Just of all. Approachivg the yuarter-pole, a thrill of
porror ran through the crowd as Hamburgh was
soon suddenly to slp ana fall, rolling oom
pletely over John cCicllan, his rider, Woo
ay wotiouless as if killed. He was removed frow the
track, and was found to be insensible from the fall, but
after some tie recovered froin ite effects. In the mean
time, Nisgara, with the favorite at her heels, went
around the nfl), and on reappearing, the lattet was at
her saddle girths. A fine ruce home ensued, which re
sulted in Abdel Kourse winning by a length, Nisgage
heating Lord Byron ten lengths, Time, 1:45.
SUNNARY
Fourtw Rack. Parse 8600. Wile heats.
0. Mcbamels's eh. Alby cl Koree, by Australia, 4 yr. 108 00s.... 1
Mf, H. Sanford's b. Magura, by Lexingtou 5 yi, 11] Hm......... 3 2
A Be'mont's b. e. Lord a by Kentucky, Syme. 510s......... 4 3
1, dwgert's cb. Blockwuod. by Astererd, 3yrm. 80 lbs... ...hieel B 4
t. Pages b. 6 Hamburg, by Lexingion, vrs, 108 Ibs.iieiiinnn, 211
Time—1:46), 1:48.
The hurdle race for puree of $600, for which $100 went
10 the second horse, had eight rusners—Dufly, King
Joh Astronomer, Dick Jackson, Tammany, Colone! T.,
and Pool Seller. Tay sold tor $205; Tammany, $200
Pool Beller, $130; AstronOiuer, #115; Dick Jackson, $60:
snd Colonel T., $15. After an exciting race, in which
Lick Jackson 1€ll ut the third burdle, Pool Seller won by
two lengths from Kiug John; Duffy third, Astronomer
fourth, aud Tamwnuy 8fth. Time, 3:304.
SUMMARY,
Fipry Race—Haxnicar HoxpLR Race. —Purse, $600 of which
#100 16 the second bore. Dntrasce fee. Three or muie to start. Ove
mule apd three quartcra over scved burlles.
(1 EN John years, po PE ET TLL LL)
8 King
C.J. b. b.
"H. Weldew's br. Astronomer, 3 years, 118 pounds.
Grecws). 5 Colonel T., 5 years, 133 pounds. ......oooooeeee
4. Taylor's ch. Drek Jackson, years. 155 pounds... ...ooeiienn
Time, 3: 504.
et
BARSE-BALL.
BOSTON V8. ECKFORD.
The fourth and last game of the series be
¢ween the Bostpn and Eckford Clube yesterday, ou the
{J ulon Grounds. rested as follows
NINN hima
MORTON YE POXKVYVORD.
€C==B=mOm aD



Envw~—ecozz
NnerQoI—~nv 8
¥veo—cces~
i Tid!
Re

ENS RAA AWE
NORRCSOSSTO
Ennrmcmcnnm in
AE A i i
Greiidid
fE., 8% TR
ECfeicnici 2
SEO ARETE La
SFE ET
LS 50k8
ZL. XZZOS R<
FANE.
Clube. tat 24. 34 4h. Sth, 60h 7th. 8th. Mth. 10th Totals,
Fekford...... 0 1 0 3 0 0 0 0 H) -86
Bosten....... 2 0 1 9 3 oO o 3 8
Umpire, C. Mi'ls of the Matual Club; ime of game, 2 boars: first base
by errors—Kekford, 6 times; Boston, H tines; runs earned —Bekford, 0;
Bostwa, 1, toll Beldisg errors—Kckford, 16; Boston, 11.
Be. hipj
THE DOUGLAS CUI WON BI I'iE DERRADNAUGIRT,.
Newport, Oct. 10.—The race to-day for the
Douglas Cup war one of the most exeiting and brilliant
contests of the season, and has resulted in a decisive
vietory for Capt. Bamuels’s pew yacht, the Dread
naught. Friends she had from the first who have
claimed that the Dreadnaught was equal to the
brilliant success of this day, but many have
been very skeptical, Her time over the course is
but very little greater than that of the Bappho yester
day, and exceeds by many minutes the time of the
Bapphbo in her then denominated remarkable race over
the same course against time this Summer. The victory
ofthe Dreadnaught comes ar a fitting sequel to her acci
dent yesterday, and adds another argument in favor of
keel yachts.
During the years of yachting off Newpert Harbor, the
yachtmen never before saw a more beautiful day, ner
one better sulted to the enjoyment of the sport. The alr,
though the wind was blowing fresh, was not so chilly as
yesterday, and those on deck did not suffer
in the least from the weather, The Mdgle,
Capt. Leoper, had ariived during the night, aud when
the sun rose, was found at anchor in the harbor.
The wind was blgwing strong from the south
at 6:00, when the Dreadnaught raised her anchor,
and under all lower sails passed out of the north
ern entrance to the harbor. The Wanderer fol
lowed at 6:43, carrying, in addition to her lower
sails her large club topsails. She was closely followed
by the Madgie and Palmer, both sailing under lawer aandls
only. The bluffs at the Narrows never looked more ple
turceque, and the throng of people and carriages on tho
fummits was aloue wanting to complete the usual Bum
wer landscape,
After passing the Dumpling Fort, the Dreadnaught set
her ous maintopsail, and the Wanderer was foon
compelled to do the same. The Dreadnaught waited,
after arriving near the light-ship, till all came up. After
having given the signal to start she crossed the
line at &:16:45, the Palmer crossed next, 8:20:08, the
Madgic at 8:22:37, and the Wanderer, 8:26:17. All
got off on the port tack, and the wind continued strong
until a distance of five miles had been reached, when it
lulled, and the Palmer rapidly elosed up the gap hetween
herself and the Dreadnaught, crossing the how of the lat
ter at 85%, near the end of the second tack. The
Palmer and Madge kept close to the shore,
while the Dreadnaught and Wanderer kept the
open sea. The Dreadnaught Leld her course
out from shore until she could make the buoy on one
Jong stretch, The Madgie had been doing remarkably
well, bad passed the Palmer by following her course, and
as the three leading yachts headed for the lightshp, it
soon beeawe very manifest that the Dreadnought had
regained all her losses of distance, and
was every mowent gaming time upon her pur
sucrs. The excitement gradually subsided, as it
was seen that the  vietory of the Dreadnought
was an easy ode. She rounded the buoy on the port tuck
at 11:54.53, the Madgie at 12:00, the Palmer at 12:00.50, and
the Wanderer at 12:22, The course was then east by
north. 28 miles, under a free sheet, The boats as they
rounded all sent aloft their balloons, and as the mam
moth staysail of the Dreadnaught filled, she passed the
boats as they approached the lightship, a perfect cloud
of tightly-drawiug canvas, As the Madgie rounded she
set her gib topsail, at ouce a novelty and a decided im
provement.
The run to the Vineyard lichtship wag the most inter
esting part of the race. The sea was copargiitely
smooth, the waves running in long swells. The Dread
nanght accomplished the distance in 2 hours and 294 min
utes, exactly 113 ininutes longer than the Sappno'’s time
yesterday, The wind lulled considerably during the
ruu, and the Palmer was enabled to regain 6 minutes and
57 seconds of her time, but when the wind again freshened
up, the Dreadnaught held her own way on her rivals... A
very interesting contest took place between the Madgie
and the Palmer, about eight miles from the lightship.
The Dreadnaught approached the turnmg point, and,
jibving without the least perceptible jar, rounded at
2:04:50, and hauled close on the wind. It was a long time
before the Palmer arrived, and she did not pass until
2:31:30, the Madgie at 2:33, and the Wanderer at
2:36. The appearance of the Wanderer as ghe
neared the light ship was one of 8 great beauty, and, as
an enthusiastic yachtsman said, “She carried canvas
enough for a mau-of-war.,” All the balloon-aails were



taken down, and working stay-sails set. The Dread
naught, however, did good work by esting
her bLaloou jib flying. The breeze freshen
80 that the Dreadnaught had three streaks of
her deck under water. She graudually dropped
all the other yachts, until only the tops of their sails
could be seen. The Madeie took in her top sails when
about three miles from Brenton’s Reef Neieuip. The
Palmer visibly gained on the leading boat ont ight
wind which was then blowing, but the victory of the
Dreadnaught was certain, She swept on past the home
line at 3:49:55, making the race in 7 hours 33 minutes and
13 seconds. The Palmer arrived at 4:11:05 giving the
race to the former by 21 minutes*and 7 seconds, As the
Dreadnaught came up into the harbor and dropped an
chor, she reecived loud and prolonged cheers from the
Dauntless and Sappho. The race of to-day has settled
I the question Tedaraing the ahi of the Dreadnaught in
a good wind, The Wanderer and Dreadnaught will sail
for New-York to-morrow morning.
ThE INTERNATIONAL RACES—MEETING OF THE
NEW-YORK YACHT CLUB.
A special meeting of the New-York Yacht
Club was held at Delmonico’s rooms, in Beaver-st., yos
terday, to take action with regard to the international

races, Commodore Bennett presided, and 17 yachts were
represented. Vice-Cowmodore Douglass offered a reso
lution that a epecial committee be instructed to make
arrangements with Commodore Ashbury, as representa
tive of the Royal Harwich Yacht Club, for a series of
races, mcluding three over the regular course of the
New-York Yacht Club, and three over an outside course,
"20 miles from the lightship, and return. Ip case of a tie
another race will be railed. In all other matters the
races will be subject to the regulations of the New-York
Yacht Club, The winner of a majority of the races will
be entitied to the Queen's cup. As previously announced,
the yachts selected by the Committee to race with the
Livonia are the Colnmbia, Dauntless, Sappho, and Palwer,
EE
REQUISITES OF A GOOD PIANO.
Very few of those who speak of a piano
Very few of those who speak of a piano
think of or know the meaning of the word they use. It
is but half the name of the instrument they mean, the
full name of which, piano-forte, expresses a characteristic
quality, and contains a history. Some of the greatest
music ever written was composed at and written for an
instrument which could never express all the musician's
fecling—an instrument without light and shade, the
harpsichord. In that, the strings were caused to vibrate
by being gnapped by “quills,” which took the Place of
tie fingers of a harpist, and as they were moved 08 keys
their tarce was always the same, and the tone which they
brought out was alwaye of the same volume and the
same force. Their musie wae necessarily monotonous.
But in the latter part of the last century a mechanisin
was invented by which the strings were struck by Lam
mers that were moved directly by the keys under the
finger of the performer, who thus was enabled to play
softly or loudly as he pleased. The new instru
ment was, therefore, named by the two Italian
words piano and forte, which mean softly and loudly,
and thus £3presses the characteristic quality which dis
tinguished it, and which caused it not only to speedily
supersede the harpsichord, but to work a complete
revolution in both the ile of Jerformance upon that
class of instrument and the music written for it. Since
the piano-forte first appeared very great improvements
have heen made in the scale and the mechaniam, 80 that
Mozart and Beethoven would look upon one of our
modern plano-fortes much a8 Fulton would upon the St.
John or the Great Eastern. Bat the characteristic traits
of the instruinent have not ehaliged. The object of the
piano-forte maker is till to combine delicacy und foroe,
aud to make the instrument respond as prouptly and as
surely a8 possible to the fingers and the feeling of the
performer. To this chief dessderatum he seeks to add, of
course, two others, hardly less important=guriy, rich
ness, sweetness, and briliancy of tone, and capacity of
being well tuned, and of keeping Mu tune under all cir
cumstances, All there qualities we have found united
in a high degree in some instruments, Grand and 8quare,
of the Stodart” pattern wade by D. K. stanford Co.,
who have become the proprietors of the long
celebrated Rtodart factory. By the introduction of
4 new scale of full 73 octaves they have euc
ceeded in producing au ipstrument which, for
sustained solidity and purity of toue, seems to be
something between an ordinary piano and the diapason
of uw grand organ. And these justruieents Jovsces the
charscteristie  piano-forte quality of which we have
spoken, in a very singular and remarkable, we bad al
1nost kaid, a marvelous degree. Their full power, which
is vast volume of solid and delicious sound, and their
utinost delicacy, which corresponds to the former, like
the pianisstmo of a well conducted grand* orchestra, to
ite Jortssimo, (an effect never to be obtained by dimin
ishiug the number of instruments)—all this may be
brought out by the skillful use of the key-board on






without the use of pedals, and a consequent change in
the quality of tone, so perfect is the mechanism rg the
action in vl fustruments, so delicate, und, at the same
time, so firm and reliable thelr touch. Indeed, these
new Stodart Plano-fortes seem destined to be the point
of a new departure in the world-wide fame of American
natin anta
FALL. OPENINGS.
Several of the large retail dry goods houses
and millinery establishments have had their regular Fall
openings within the last week, and attracted general
remark by the unusual elegance of their displays. The
Fall and Winter styles of bonnets, hats, &c., of Madame
H. Biihlmeyer of No. 156 East Ninth-st. comprise a variety
of povelties not heretotore introduced in New-York,
Among them, the Dubarry—a dress bonnet fot recep
tions—the Pompadour dress hat, and the Mazarin of
brown velvet find most general acceptance. Her cos
tumes are also greatly admired.
Rimilar displays were also made by Johnson, Burns
Co., on Oct. 4; bs Mme. Galoupeaux of No. 83 East
Tenth-st., and at the Maison Piuchon, No. 19 Brevoort
ace,
The regular Fall opening of Altman, Brothers Co.,
took place yesterday. The counters were laden with
costly ody and every inch of space in the salosrooms
was utihzed., The stock of silks, sating, and laces, was
evapecially noticeable, as well as shat of wanufsctared
YACHTING.
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1871.
goods, and ladies’ suits, in which lines the firm has
gained frost reputation for taste und judgment. A fine
stook of gentiemen's dross goods was also exhibited. A
beautiful display of Jaticrin for worstod work attracted
much attentinn, and assortment of fancy articles, al
though not large, was judiciously sslected.
1he company of English artists brougiit OVOL
by Mr. George Dolby was introduced, Monday night, un
der pleasant and encouraging circumstances. We may
say in brief that they fully satisfied the oxpectations of
the public and wero welcomed with enthuelasm, much
the greatest share of which was called forth by Mr.
Buntley. This rare artist has a voice of extraordinary
compass, verging upon the temor quality in its upper
range, and sharing the fullness and depth of the haAso
profondo in its lower. Yet it is homogeneous voice,
whose registers are perfectly joined, and whose quality
is distinct and even. It 1s not what is commonly called
rich in tone; we should rather define it as clear, power
.ful, and Lright, holding in this respect among bari
tones the same position which Wachtel’'s holds
among tenors. He reminds us of Wachtel In
another particular; lis singing has that glorious dra
matic fire which stirs the pulse and rouses the linagina
tion, and something of that comfortable abandon which
results not from carelessness, but from a completo con
trol of extensive natural powers, Like Wachtel also he
1s a manly singer, whese voies and style are equally
neble and dignified. The comparison, however, cannot
be carried beyond this. In the mechanical part of
vooalism, Mr. Bantley 1s the more Lighly cultivated
artist of the two; and he has the last crowning gift of
song, sympathetio delivery, In which Wachtel Is
entirely deficient. One realizes indeed, in listening to
this magnificent singer, that the baritone is the king of
all the voices.
Miss Edith Wynne, the soprano of the company {a not
a great artist like Bantley, but she is a pleasant singer,
mere te be admired for the grace of her expression and
her simpie and true method than for any extraordinary
qualities of voice. Madame Patey has a powerful, rich,
and even contralto, with a broad but quiet and refined
style and a smooth and expressive delivery. Mr. Cum
mings made an excellent impression last Spring ag the
Handel and Haydn Festival in Boston, and we recorded
then our judgment of Lis sweot tevor voice aud his caro
ful training.
Of the performance of this troupe in the English part
songs and giees which occupy such a conspicuous place
on the pregramme we must speak at a more convenient
opportunity.
ENGLISIT OPERA.
Balfe's Satanella” was produced on Monday
night with an elaboration of costumes and properties un
precedented in the history of English Opera in New-York.
1t abounded in brillant stage pictures, and was crowded
with gay and glittering throngs of peasants, pirates,
Moorish girls, men in armor, devils, priests, and wedding
parties, The work 1s well worth the splendors which
have been laid upon it. There are several numbers equal
to the best of Balfe's writing, and nearly all are
vivacious and melodious, The well-known ballad,
The Power of Love,” which forms, gO
to speak, the theme of the opera, 1s
bandled with ingenuity and with a flne poetic instinct,
running like a thread through the critical scenes of the
drama, and lingering at tho close like the memory of
gongs beard long ago. Though the wost popular air in
the opera, it is by no means the only good one. We
have an abundauce of charming music for Salan
ella, Lelia, and Rupert, a lively pirates’ chorus,
a splendid quintet and chorus, a bridal chorus
puggestive—strange to ray-—of Wagner, and a
chorus and dance (“Merry Tunis, ope-thy Mart"),
which is familiar to ball rooms, The work ns a whole
moves briskly along, amusing the eye with ‘picturesque
scenes and effective situations, and pleasing the ear
with lively and easily remembered strains. Tho title
role was filled by Mrs. Van Zandt, who returned after a
five years’ absence to the scene of her first lyric successes.
She was most cordially received, recalled after all Ler
best songs, and loaded with flowers. Her volee, of
course, has ripened and her method greatly improved
since she left us, and she must take rank now as one of
the best light sopranos available for the American stage.
A strong, clear, and true voice, facility of execution,
fineness of sentiment, a beautifully distinct enunciation,
and a prepossessing appearance, combine to make her a
most attractive artist. Miss Doria confirmed the pleas
ant impreasion of her debut, and Mr. Castle, Mr. Camp
bell, Mr. Hall, Mr. Beguin, and Mr. Whiffin filled the
principal male parts with general satisfaction. The
chorus wus excellent, especially in the scene of the
Tunisian slave-market, with its pretty dance music, and
tue orchestra, under Mr. Rosa’s baton, was superb,
1t was announced from the stage that a performance
will be given, this week, for the benefit of the Chicago
sufferers, Madame Rosa, Mrs. Van Zandt, Miss Doria,
and all tho other principal members of the troupe, will
take part in it.
MRS. MOULTON.
The sale of tickets for Mrs. Moulton’s con
cortas beeing to<dny.
WALLACK'S THEATER—THE JEALOUS WIFE.
The most interesting performance that has
taken place at Wallack's Theater since the opening took
place there on Monday, when The Jealous Wife” was
acted in the presence of a full house, and Miss Plessy
Mordaunt made lrer first appearance on the American
stage. It 18 no very violent assumption that a play
which has been before the public for more than a hun
dred years is pretty well known; and, therefore, we may
suppose that minutely careful comment on The Jealous
Wire" will scarcely be expected, It shows thas close
observation of human nature, in the invariable and
perennial methods of manifesting character and passion,
for which Colman’'s writings are distinguished. He
understood men and women a8 they are in all times, no
less than the aspects of social manners in his particular
age. The drawing of jealousy in this piece 1s, indeed,
somewhat coarsely done—for the Jealous wife 18 almost
a virago, and her habits of thought are as mean as her
conduct 18 suspicious, intemperate, and {ll-bred. The
delineation, however, 4 made instrumental in evoking
some comic situations, and one—the interview between
Mrs. Oakley and Lady Freelove—which is vital with truth
ful analysis of the spiteful side of fewinine nature and bril
liant with terse and apposite dialogue, Colman, as is well
known, was indebted to the novel of “Tom Jones for the
suggestion of the main idea of the comedy—the flight of
Miss Russett in the one, corresponding to the flight of
Rophia in the other. But the conduct of the plot, the
delineation of the characters, and the management of
the dialogue are his own, and they are in his ablest style,
The plece was set upon the stage with mostly new
scenery, and, though Miss Plessy Mordaunt—who re
ceived cordial greeting—was naturally a little flus
trated, and therefore, fitful aud uncertain, the repre
sentation passed smoothly and effectively. Miss Mor
daunt chiefly tmpressed observers by the ripe and
luxuriant beauty of her personal appearance. B8he is
handsome. in the imperial way; and through all the
turbulence of the temperament she depicted, and all
the restless vacillation of her own perturbed mood,
she evinced a womanly sweetness which made her
beauty the more winning, She has manifestly studled in
the good old school of comedy-acting, Bhe displayed
uncommon control of the weapons of feminine duplicity
and ralllery, and showed herself to be the mistress of
hysterics. Upon the flueness and the reach of her art it
was not possible to form a positive judgent. The indi
cations were of the most promising character; and
we shall hope soon to have the opportunity of seeing
the actress in a character of higher caliber and more
various color. Mr. Fisher played Mr. Oakley in the easy
and gracefully flulshed manner peculiar to him, and Mr.
Ringgold gave a carefully polished and really excellent
delineation of Lord Irinket. For Miss Plessy Mordaunt
may be recorded, at the outset, a success which, if not
surprisingly brilliant, is rich in promise. The lady was
called before the curtain, by cordial plaudits, at the end
of the performance. To-night, The Rivals."
The San Francisco Minstrels will give a per
formance, next Saturday afternoon, in aid of the suffer
ers by the dreadful disaster in Chicago.
ANNUAL MEETING OF ERIE STOCKHOLDERS—
RESIGNATION AND RE-ELECTION OF FISK,
GOULD, AND LANE.
The Erie Railway stockholders held their
annual meeting, at 11 a. m., yesterday, In the Grand
Opera House. The following letter was presented at a
meeting of the Directors, held shortly before
To the Board of Directors of the Erie Railway Company.
GENTLEMEN: The many Sse and unfounded attacks
that have been made upon the aot commonly known as
The Classification Act,” ulthough suticiently anawered
by the unanimous action of the stockholders in accept
ing that bot, Bevertheloe seen to make (t desirable that
we should show by sole fresh setion thut the law ouly
expresses the continued wish of the stockholders of this
CdnpRRy.
It has been charged that the object of this statute was
Noles lo perpolunte the office and the gpower of the un
de igne In fact, wo uve always been willing to sub
wit to u volo of the stooklolders, snd we beg to uller a
MUSIC.

THR PNOLISIHH BALIAD TROUPE.
THE DRAMA.

AN ERIE FARCE.

Jrestion) test of our readiness to ablle by this decision,
or which purpose we now ay before you our resignation
as Diroctors of the Corporation, 8 trust which we shall
not again take up nnicsa freoly restored thereto h the
vote the stockholders. JAY Gon 1D, y
JAMES UFInK, JR,
F. A. LANE.
On motion of Mr. Eldridge, the resignations of Messrs.
Pisk, Gonid and Lane wero acecpted. The Reeretary was
instructed by the Board to submit te the stockholders
the report of the Investigating Committee, and the pro
cocdings therein, Including the release executed Dy
Messrs. Gould, Fisk and Lane, by vote of the Board of
Directors.
Henry Rathbone was chosen Chairman of the meeting
of the stockholders, and Mr, Simona, Secretary, Mr. Otis
Ihcesitied the report of the Board of Directors, and all
fu prossedinge of the Board during the past year were
ratified unammonxly. Mr. Bwan, the agent of Heath
Raphinel and the other adverse English stockholders, was
present, but did not vote. Jay Gould, James Fisk, Jr,
and Frederick A. Lane, were then elected Directors of
the Company for five years by pearly a unanimous voto,
RIALS OF THE EMIGRANT RUNNERS.
BE
MOORE'S BATL PORFEITED—M'DERMOTT ENDEAV
ORS TO PROVE AN ALIBL
In the Court of General Sessions, yesterday,
after tho decision of several unimportant cases, Distriet
Attorney Sullivan called Charles Moore to the bar, but
ho neither answered nor appeared. His counsel fought
hard for a postponement of the trial, but Assistant Dis
trict-Attorney Sullivan opposed the motion strenuously,
and demanded that Moore should be prodoced and the
trial proceed. Recorder Hackett denied the motion to
postpone the case, and when Moore was again called, ho
failed to answer. His bail was then forfeited and a
bench warrant Issued for his arrest. The witness against
Moore is the Prussian, Kornack, who has heen several
weeks in the House of Detention, and by Moore's flight
from justice the unfortunate man will be detained longer
still in the dirty tenement on Leonarid-st.
In the afternoon McDermott, Moore's partner, WAS
placed on trial. The complainant, Aaron Johnson, swore
positively, that McDermott had robbed him of $560 by
the “belt rig,” aud that on returning from Glasgow to
recover his money MeDermott was singled out by him
from amoug seven other men. Detective Freeman core
roborated this, but the defense set up was that MeDer
mott was not in the city, having gone down the bay on a
flshing excursion. Between the assertions of Johuson
and Freeman and the emigrant runner's associates the
jury had the choice, but had not arrived at an agreement
at 10 p. m.,, and were locked up for the night. During
the trial a dozen of the most notorious alds of the prinel
pal emigrant runners were in the court, watching the pro
ceedings with interest, Tt was a pitched battle between
lnw and emigrant swindlers, and the futures of the
thicves dependod on the result; hence their anxiety.
A CUFSTION FOR REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
A QUESTION FOR REAL ESTATI AGENTS,
In the Superior Court, Part 1, before Judge
Barbour, Mathilde Lecouteuex sued James J. Lyons
to recover $3,500, the value of furniture which she em
ployed the latter, a real estate agent, to sell for her. She
also employed him to sell Ler house, No. 50 West Twelfth
gt. It was stipulated that he should not sell the two jointly
for less than $23,000. The agent sold the house alone for
$24,000, and, having received this advance upon the stip
ulated price, considered himself entitled to the furniture,
and teok it, 308 pieces, from the house, The defense pro
duced the power of attorney given by the pisintitt’s
brother to Mr. Lyons, anthorizing him, as broker, to sell
the house and furniture, No. 50 Wert Twelfth-st., for
$25,000, and stipulating that he iy retain all he eb
tained over $23,000, in addition to his regular commission
on the $23,000. Upon this paper Mr. Lyous insists
that his claim to the furniture is established.
ERR
The suit of Charles Leidenburg against Pe
ter E. Fitzpatrick, brought to recover $5,000 damages, re
ceived in falling into an excavation on Firsi-ave., near
Porty-first-st., made by the defendant as contractor, re
sulted, yesterday, in a verdict for plaintiff of $100.
The suit of Margaret Welton against Chas.
A. Welton for divorce, came up before Judge Jones in
Special Term of the Superior Court, yesterday, on the
referee's report. Mr, and Mra, Welton were married in
April, 185%, in this eitv. Evidence was edueed to show
that the husband, in 1809, lived with Mary Angusta Sears
as his wite. The Court accordingly confirmed the report,
and granted a decree of divoree,
In the General Term, yesterday, before Judges
Monell and Spencer, the suit of George W. Metcalf agt.
Josiah H. Baker was argued, The plafutiff, who is a
Rhvaclan in Tioga County, when riding in a buggy on
Nfth-ave., in January, 1870, came in collision with a
baker's wagon belonging to defendant, Being thrown to
the ground and severely injured, Dr. Metealf brought
suit for $5,000. On trial before a referee $1,600 Was recov
ered. An appeal was thea made, the plaintift, as alleged,
having entered judgment without confirmation by the
Court. Decision reserved.

At the Tombs Police Court, Justice Hogan com
mitted Mary Lanigan snd Eliea Thompson, yesterday, for stealing ribhon
and other property. value $116, from the store of A. T. Stewart Co,
at Broadway aud Tenth st.
In the Court of Special Sessions, before Judge
Shandley, yesterday, Patrick Powers, for stealing $4 50 from The mas
B. Kissan, was sent to the Penitentiary for mx months. ...Geerge Joha
son, stealing 25 bottles of rhubarb, ove month.
At the Jefferson Market Police Court, John Galla
her of Bath, Maine, was committed, yesterday, for stealing $100 from
atrick!McKeoa of No. 214 Fixth-ave.....Catharive Leary of No. 108
West T'wenty-sixth-st., for stealing clothing worth $100 from Mattie
Swmith of No. 106 West Tweuty-seventli-st.
In the Court of General Sessions, before Recorder
Hackett, yesterday, James Simpson, for burclary, was sent to State
Prison. ...Anthony Deselar, charged with committing an indecent assault
upon Mary Hemish, was acquitted... Wm. 1. Treadwell, charged with
assaulting Naucy King with a razor, was aequitted,
William Messick, charged with conspiracy to de
fraud the Government by procuring “straw bail” for the withdsawal of
whisky trom Governioent warehouses, was held, yesterday, in $10,000
bail by Commissioner Shields, Tt is charged that Messick belongs to a
gang of professional straw baller,” whose Leadquarters are said to Le
at Na 6 Centre st
et
Supreme (ourt— Chambers—By Judge Cardozo.—
Filo agt. Schreyer et al—=Motion to open default granted on payment
of $10 costs, and motion to file exceptions fase) on pavment of costs
of mootion of last term. Godfrey et al agt. Levys—Motiou denied, costs to
abide event.
Special Term—By Jodge Cardozo.—Fast River Bank agt.
Welb—dudgment for plainuff. Tuttle sgt. Nackett—Jodgment for
plaintiff on the demurrer, with leave to the defendant to answer
within 20 dars—if the defendant answer the costs may abide the event.
Holtrook sgt Northrup—Judgment for the defendant with leave to
amend on usnal terran. Bailey agt. Ferris, upa-d ui gwaent for the
pladutiff on demurrer, with leave to answer ou usual terms,
Superior Court—Special Term—By Judge Jones.
Ogden agt. Lathrop, Bristol agt. Frank Davis sgt, Smith et al., Trevor
agt. Smith, Thomas Brasier agt. darsh Brasicr. Norris sagt. Koller,
Bacon et al. agt. Brisley, Smith agt. Worstel, Meyer sagt. Dry Dock,
Fast Broadway and Batters Railroad Co.—Orders granted. Rant agt
Coben. —Order denying motion.
Common Pleas— Special Term—By Judge Charles P.
Daly.—In re Jobn J. Kipp, an insolvent. Application granted.
Marine Court—Part I.—By Judge Gross.—Kanf
man aft. Simon: action to recover #25 for services as a real estate
broker, tried, Decis on reserved, Neville agt. Wh tebeek, Judgment by
default for the plaintiff for $625 45, costs, and allowance, Kitchen agt.
Newcourt.— Inquest taken. Coonolly agt. Brown.—Dismissed, Ballwin
agt. Ieeking.—Settled. Clements agt. Gloeckner; action to recover
00 for slander. ~Judzment for the Ovfeudant. Part [1].—By Jwige
Alker, =nterling agt. Kennellv,.—Motion to vacate attachment depied,
with costs. Koonz agt. Hill.—Dismissed by default. Baer agt, Utholl.
loquest taken, Rosenbluth agt. O'Rourk; tried. —Decision reserved.
a—————
TOE RLI VALEAVARS=1L HI} UAY
Srrreve Count —CHANBERS—INGRARAN, J —Opens at 10} a m,
B1..5potts agt. Dumesuel, iv. Renard agt. McCall.
126. Bassett agt, Aborn, 178
146. Butts agt. Jones. 190
151. .8potts agt. Dumesnel. |W
154. Board of Fire Commissioners’ 205
agt. Smith. wi
165..0'Brieu agt. California los
Union,
Page agt. Page.
Eder agt. Persch,
co MeCrwery at. Arnold.
..Lnke agt. Nash.
.oUarter agt. Kane,
SPECIAL TREM—CARDOZO, J.=Opens at 104 a. wm, —Demnrrers,

3. .Colton agt. Simmons. 22
16... Dainese agt. Allen,
SoWalker agt Walker,
Lau and Fart,
24. Taylor agt. Ryan. 245. Seaman agt. Kells.
57. Mulleu agt, Decker, 249. .Hansou, jr., at, Marks,

58. .Newball sgt. Decker. H.. Mundor ast. Mundorf,
76. Pendergast agt. Barat, adm'r.
49. .Dowlicg agt. unfiin, 99, .Cook agt, Campbell,
103. King sgt. Knap). 100.. Florida RB. R. Co, agt. N.Y.
108. Whitcomb agt. Robinson, Warehouse Co,
116. Duvall agt. Dunscomb, 111... Gardner agt. Cummings,
120, .Donesn agt. Hobbs, 129. .8pring agt. Hohbard.
126. Harring agt, Stevens, 145..3pning agt. Paxton.
108. Hoops agt. Wright. 154. Dar agt. Day.
208. Faber agte Dutas yr.
218. Thacker agt. Innis.
209... Thacker aks. Tunis.
224... Burr agt. Sanford.
237..Cambreling agt. Nelson, jr.
242. Wright agt. Bleiert,
243..Brown agt. N. Y. Life los
and Trust Co,


244. .Boylan agt. Cook.
SupEkIOR CoUrT—PART L—Barno
Set-doun rau
1423
218
871... Kelly agt. Condict.
674. .Stover agt. Foster,
232.
259.
ns,
..Hathorn agt. Allen.
Mills agt. Martin, jr.
Mills agt. Martiv, jr.
Kircher agt. Behud.
Seymour agt. Long, ex'r
.Stiner agt. Cougregativn Poll
Zedek
.+Ransch at. Frauk,
rR, J.=Opens at 11 a m,
ses.
King, ex'r,
Healy agt.
1. Sawyer,
yelch,
Added Canses,
1127. Wallack agt. Shaper, EX
1004. .Doberty ag. Peliheimer, 53
1155..W heeler agt. N. Y. Mui. Life
Tun. Co, 107
869..8mith agt. Frost. bad
665. .Tavlor agt. Perrin. RL

1015, .Coman agt. Mittuacht.
Part IL. —=FirepMaN, J
Arig set O'Brien.
Nat. Bank of Com e agt. Nat,
Mechanies' B'K'g Ass'n,
..Mehrbach sgt.
..Plekens agt, Levy,
Kaho agt. Hart.
fo
satll am
812..0dell agt. Plerce. 1140, Roemmelt agt. Wolff,
86..Lonllard Oil Ref. Co. sgt. Ilo. Wilson agt. Elmore.
Lorillard, 1148. Blackbarn agt. Horton,
1128, Stuart et al. agt. Condiet. 1150.. Von Lindbeim agt. Frank.
1110, .Pielbeuke agt. Fleming. id. Wheeler, jr., agt. N. Y. Mat.
1132. Venable agt. Bradshaw, las Co.
1134. .Larued agt. Manon. 1156. Murray agt. McBride,
1136. Richards agt. Leavitt
1198. Bernbeimer agt. Finlar.
Common PLeas—Pant L=Yax Bx
[EL RTN
(Use.
JBpring agt. Day et al.
NT, J.~Opens at 11 a. m,
Scranton Cornr—S8puciaL Tenu—Joxes, J.—~Opens at 10a m.
41. Pelion agt. Bulkly
Marine Counr—TriaL Teun. —Pant
Pinoer agt. Candler. 6:33
Kaaping sgt. Kehonlank,
0254, Wellman agt. Lawrence. bu
6203. Burrows agy. Post. 4)
ood
oh
L269, .Nmith sagt. Bogart.
G44, Baker agt. Morris,
6513,  Killey agt. Casey.
6314. Luts agt. Moore,
Pant 11
C385. Rauppios agt. Ullman. oR
v
an,
TRTI
1. Bohthe agt. Lewis,
Davis sgt. Pearsall,
=Aimoan, J. sat lhe m
Tit agt. The Lasalle nilk Co,
Wormser Fibel.
Hall agt. Schiele.
LoUammings agt. Marray,
Townsend agt. Dawson.
Mogers agt, fiavar,
..Duuue sagt. McDooough.
s. J.
U4. Blomm agt. Draddy. 6696, Welch agt. Hirsch.
6494. Heany agt. Rushworth. unl. Levy agt. Rosenthal.
725. Buteber ogt. Greene. 6648. Mattlage agt. Adams.
W17.. The Webster Mauulciuriug 6089.. Walker agt. Berille.
Co. sgt. Barnett. tg. Carroll agt. The Brie Rall
6446. Newnan ag. Unlandbeim. road Co,
6068... Cheviliot agt. Giersel. £601, Dochatader agt. Hachmoth,
G66, Bherwin art. Worstett, 6574. Maher agt. Hoffman.
WL. Stephens agt. Pheims G0 MeDevith agl, Raw) toot,
6770. .Ktanding agt. Morrow. 64 Van Bat agt Jenkiaa
Wd. Herta agt Yooek. (0070. Ruseanger wits Walshe
W075. Gresue ag Hough
THE COURTS.
EH .,.S- WP
(IVI. NOTTS
(RIMINAL (SOURTS.
DFOCISIONS OT. 10.
COURT CALENDARS <THis Day
SANT LAA hd
7909. Raton agt. Birdwell. 768. Tho NY Rtearn Powar Oo.
7457. Hackett (Curren sagt. Parvell.
6799, Paynrer wal Poll, 7918. .Ryan agt. Marsh
TIM. Art bs vy. 1577. Russel! agt. Wier.
Couwr or Oyun Ap Trawinss. —Barwarp, J.—Opens at iL m.

1.. Michael Monahan, rape, 10,.Danlel Stephens, grand lare’y.
2. Aduples Burns, burglary. 11..Teroy Karts, grand larceny.
3 Michael Noonan, burglary. 12..Geo, Woods, graud Iarceny.
4.. Alexander Marshall, burglary.| 13..Josevh Bennett, grand larc'y.
5. .Namuel Young, forget. 14. .Ni=holas Suilivan, grand lary.
6..8usan Lavery, felonious as! 15. Terence Creamer, grand lar'y.
sanit and battery, 16. .Charles Howard, grand lare'y.
1..Frank Romer, false rete, 17.. Felix Murphy and John Ryan,
8. live. Rogers, graud larceny. larceny frow the person.
9..Geo. Wilson, grand larceny,
Court or GBNEKAL SEssioNs.—Defore Recorder HACKETT. Opens at
lam
1..John Ebberly, robbery. 5. Wm. (0. Ba'sell, bigamy.
2. .Frederiok KE. futhy, John 6, .George Wells, felonious as
Labr, and Kugens Kosh ler, sanlt and battery,
gambling. T..Benjamic F. Beady, felonioos
3 Jrmea Canill, mayhem. amsuult aud battery,
4..Charles Meingel, grand lar.
only.
UNIeED BTATRE District Covrt 18 ApwiraLTY—Brarcueoro, J.—
Opersut ila m
200. Richardson et al. agt. The| 197..Peck ot al. agt. Parna et al.
sobre. Ann Fliza 8. 180. Zr biriskin n zt. Fountain,
208. Plakert sagt. Smith 211, .G 'adwin wt, Land
209, .Rostiemman agt. Kermit. 212..biariew aid N.Y. Navigation
210. Same agt. Rome (Co. agt. The ship John
141... Kueu ugt. Audonrind, Tucker.
BIITCIDE OOF AN OLD BILLIARD MARKER.
BUICIDE OF AN OLD BILLIAKD MARKEE.
Peter Coyle, age 60, cut his throat, yester
day, while lymg in bed in his apartment at No. 281 Mul
berry-st. He was employed for many yesrs ns marker in
several billiard saloons in this city, Ie was unmarried.
comewhat cceentrie, and from lack of employmont, he has
recently been low spirited, Laving stated on several oe
casions that he would die in the ahms-house For several
days past he has been confined to his bed by sickness,
aud le probably connnitted suicide under temporary in
Postmaster Jones has sent Superintendent
Knapp and a corps of clerks to Chicago to see to forward
ing the Now-York malls from tho West.
DEPARTURE OP FOREIGN MAILS.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 1L
Mails for Varope, via Queenstown and Liverpool, per Sternnip
Minnesota, close at 12 m. A Buppleseatary Mul on Pler No. 40,
N. R,iscloset at 1:45 po wm.
JAIL letters deposited in Supplementary Mail must be prepaid with
double postage.
THURSDAY, Oc. 12,
Mails tor Prope, via Quernstown ui! iverpont, pot steamship (ity of
Now-York, close at 11:30 a, m, A Supplementary Mail, on Pier No. 43,
N. R., is closed at 1:50 p.m.
[AN letters deposited in Supplementary Mails must be prepaid with
double postage.
Muils for Far pe, via Southampton amd Bremen, per steamship New:
York close at 12m.
Mails for Havana and the West Indies, per steamship Morro Castle,
close at 2 p. m.
FRIDAY, OcT. 13.
“ts: Abresasathia SFa22a
No Steamship Mais
DACNI' NO ERS SALLED.
FOR HAMBURG —Ia steamship Kilesia, Oct, 10, —=Mr and Mrs,
M. Lienan, De Leavitt. Mra Leavitt, six ebiliren, and noise Mrs
Lowise Hart, Edwarl Sebeitlie and daughter, Mrs. Heinzheimer, (locin
nati, Ohio; John Taylor. Master John H. ‘Tavior, Aaron
Levy and lady, Mm C. A. Work, Iwo children, aud
purse, Misa Hardcastle, Miss Hathaway, Mm. FP B. Brewer
and family, Miss Ewma Kigsised, A. B. Kingsland and aly,
Mr. Philipp Nettre, Mr. Henry Lomann, Mr. P. Kroeplia, Mr. B. Bla.
menthal, fr Jolius Din keleniel, Mr. Samuel Wolff and lady, Mr. Louis
8, Wolf, Mr. Benjamin W otf, Mins ose Wolff, Mr. David Colm, Mr.
Leidor tar, Mr. Clewe, Mr. M. Nelson, Mr. M. Momicer, Mr.
A. Gehrenbeck, Mr. Chas, II, Cormwell, Mr, L. Sombhorn, Mr.
J H. Herman. lady and child, Mr. Dettledf Lienag, jr. Mr. P. Will and
two ehitd-en, Ed. Moye, E. Meyers, J. G. Bosch and lady, Mrs. Cath,
Bennet. Master Een t Bennett, Miss Ottilie Beanett, Miss Johanna
Bennett, Mrs. Agues J. delinefor, Master F. Schaefir, F. Lisucke and
daughter.
et
PASSENGERS ARRIVED.
PROM LIVERPOOL—In steamship Atlantic, Oct 10.— Miss Adelalde
Alexander, Lonis Bert, Lows Bere, oy Harr et Kenfery, J. Frersfield,
Miss Winme Anderson, Alfred Marcbaod, Mrs. Allred Marchand,
Mops. Jules Deisn, Madame Jules Dean, Jawes Buchan
Mr<. Hanvah Buchan, Miss Mary Buchan, Master James D.
Ogel e. Miss Jennie Ogelvie, Mr, and Mrs. L. W. Cartis, Mrs. Maria
MePherson, Mise Clars Sharon, Miss Flora Sharon, Master Fred, Kharon,
Liorge KE. Harling, Chis. W. Wadsworth, Chas, King. Chas. F. Ropes,
FANATIC A'S Marks Miss Maggie Marsball, Miss Loaisa (oo
way, Miss Ellen Conway, Wm. Amour. Fred'x Washbara, Hev. Joba
W. Kramer. the Rev. W. Scribner, Chas. G. Mitchel, the Rev. W.
Sparroue. the Rev. Gen. Worthington, Master Fred. Stokes, Ezra H.
Linley, Miss Anna Linler, Wm. F, Lewis, Mrs. Margaret Lewis, Mrs.
Ellen Fithian, Miss Mary Fithian, fw Freeman Fithian, Mme. IL
¥ithian. the Rey. Evesanl Kempshall, Wm, R. Porter, James Btone,
Elisha C. Litelhfeld, the Rev. Wm. H. Read, Wm. T. Brown, Fred.
Loope, D. N. lathorpe. B. D. [an Dr. A. B. Shaw, Mrs. Harriet
Lathorpe, Dr. DeWitt Vag Lug), the Rev. Stephen P, Holmes, G. C.
Gourlar, John M. Kosebrook, Noble Phillips, Chas. F. Shelton, Willie
Shelton, C. Carlos, Tuomas Keddy, Michael C. Kerr, Philip Just ce,
Mrs. Phillip Justice, Anirew Lawsin, John McAuley, Albert Wetziey
Geo. 1. Ma sh. Anirew Carr, Benj, P. Whitney, Lavonia A. Hathaway,
Hayward Hutehinson, Altred P, Kernersiev, Mrs. A, P. Kennersley, Mra.
Mary Fitch, Wm. D. Dillard, Win, H. Wise, Mrs. Emma Wise, Master
Henrr Wise, Mag er Fred Wise, Mrs. Elizabeth Wise. Miss Sophia Wise,
Miss Eliza Wise, Miss Fanny Wise. Jolin Harns, Samuel Baker,
FROM NAMBU RG—In steanship Hammonia, Get. 10.—Fred. Delger
and wife. Dr. Henry Balsar and wife, Emil Sevd, Robert Serd, Fanny
Carnes, Otto krebs Non. J. F. Meier, Oto Spanier, wile and Son;
Richd. Poppen, F. L. Rademavn and wife, W. Thomsen. W. Berns, Mis
yon Eschtruth. Max Kouigheim, Dr. B. C. Kunetfoer, Manda Kueffuer, P.
Opfergeld, Anna Staubli, Elias Baer, Dr. Clausen and wife. Richard
Muller, Jobn Merverish, J. (i. Dedermann, Franz Baier, Jacob Mon
dorf, Marie Pilgez, James Champuey, Moritz Peil, Jacob
Banmgartuer, Gilbert Ayer, C.B, C. Howes. Youise Jegel and child,
Jacob Vetter, Aug. Niehaus, Henry Niehaos. Fredk. Lichienfeld, Robert
Caith, Ang. Bornemann, Doras Abralam Baer, Jette Abraham Baer,
Jorg Thaten and son, J. Ehlers, Carl Cobn, Maria Stamps, J. Eller
brook, Hermsa Nicolai, F. Prins, Wm Schwibar, N. Wimmelbacher, H.
Handrich and wife, W. Storm, Barbara Kaofer, Ida Runge, Jane Me
Mahon, Jul. Facts, A. Leuts, C. Petersen, C. Balle, Emil Huck, Heury
Wigwer. H. Adler.
WINIATIU' OW AT MANA
Sun nses...... 6:07 Sun ses. oo... 0:24 Moon rises........ 2:54
Mid WATER THIS DAY~ A.M,
Sandy ifook....5:17 Gov's Island....5:55 Hell Gate Ferrr.... 7:44
HIGH WATER THIS DAY P.M,
Sandy Hooh.....5:42 Guy's, Island. .b:18 Hell Gate Ferry... 8:07
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
PORT OF NEW-YOKK ......c00cvnnneenssOCTOBRR 10,
CLEARED.
fiteam=hip Silesia (N. G.). Truatmaun, Hambarg, &e., Kuahandt Co.
Steamship Fanita, Doane, Philadelphia, Lorillund Steawship Co,
Steamship D. Utley, Davis, Phiindelphis,
Steamship Mayflower, Falte, Philadelphia, J. Hand.
Steamship Virgo, Bakley, Savaugai, Ga. Morag, Ferris Co.
Steamship Champion, Lockwood, Cbarleston, H, R. Morgan Co,
Steamship Niagen, Couc, Kicbmond, Nortoik, and City Point, Old
Dominion Steamship Co,
Steamship sauce Beil, Blakeman, Norfolk, City Point and Richmond,
Old Dominion Steamship Co.
Steamship Wm. P, Clyde, Drew, Norfolk, City Point aud Richmond,
Washiugton Co,
Steamship Black Diamond, Meredith, Philadelphia, A. Abbott.
Steamship Fanny, Featon, Philadelphia, LoriWard Steamship Co.
Steamship Glancus, Wallen, Boston.
Ship Prima Donva, Lunt, ¥an Francisco, Satton Co.
Ship Ada BE Oulton, Whitney, Autwerp, Fonch, Edye Co.
Sip Nautilus, Spercer, Charleston, C. L. Wright Co.
Bark Gollen Fleece, Rhodes, Barhadoes, H. Trowhridge’s Sons.
Burk Eastern Chief (Br.). Care, Dablin, G. F. Bulley,
Bark Normsnds (Br). McIntosh, Cork or Falmouth, D. MeColl.
Brig Orinoco (Br.), Ederkin, Liverpeol, D. R. De Wolf Co,
Brig Du Capo (Nor.), Anderson, Penarth Roads. Funch, Kdye Co,
Brig Geo, ih us (Br.). Lanfare, Demerara, IL 1 Jonbtidte's Nous
Brig Lirunderine (Br), Gordon, St. Jobns, P. R.. Geo. H. Brewer Co.
Brig Angostara (Br.), Kanoch. Culdad, Bolivar Paveusteds Co.
Schr. Gilman D. King, Bliridge, Cienfuegos, Jas. W. Elwell Co.
Set, Juan Clineh, Hwy St. Andrews, Jed Frye Co,
Sehr. Mary Ellen (hr), Britt, St. Audrews, &e., Jed Frye Co.
Sehr, Naonta, Smith, Key West, Benner Pinckney.
sehr. A. 8. Valeurin, Bayles, Jacksonville, Van Brunt Bro.
Sehr. Persis Lo Smith, Robiuson, Brunswick, T. L. Mayhew Co.
gchr. V. Barkelew, Holmes, Middletown.
Schr, Lavinia Bell, Bayles, St. Martins, Van Brunt Bro.
Sehr. Nanev Smith, Boyd, St. Thomas, Peniston Co.
Schr. Constitution, Smith, Savannah,
ARRIVED.
Steamship Atlantic (Br), Perry, Liverpool Sept. 23, and Queenstown
29th. with mse. and pass. to J. H, Hares,
Steamship Gen, Sedgwick, Ellis, New Orleans Sept. 27, and Key West
Oct. 2, with mdse. and pass. to C. H. Mallory lo
Steamabip South Caroling, Beckett, Charleston Oct 7, with mdse. and
pass. tw Il. R. Morgan Co.
Steamship Montgomery, Faircloth, Savannah Oct. 7, with mdse. and
pass to Reht. Lowden
Steasnship Hammonia (N. GG.) Merer Hamburg Sept. 27, aod Havre
30th, witli 1udee, and 523 pass, to Kunbardt Co.
Steamslip San Francisco, Rernokls, Bermuda, 3} days. in ballast to
Wm. H. Webb,
Ship Crusader (of London), Jenkins, Liverpool 39 days, with mdse.
Bark Fremat (Swe.), Lonegren, Cardiff Bh 12. with railroad fron,
Bark Hebe (Ger.), Previa, Gloucester, bog., 33 days, with salt.
Bark Karnak (Br.). Allen, Newport, Kog., 33 days, with railroad iron.
Bark Blanche (Br.). Vaughan, Providence 3 days, in ballast.
Bat 2. B. Almon, Beers, of and 10 days from Sydoey’ C. B., with 510
tuns A
Bark Michael (N. G.), Gerlach Rotterdam 40 days, with mdse.
Behr, Tickler, Rogers, Cape Sabie, No K.. with fish,
SCHOONERS—KIVEK AND COASTWISS,
Caroline Hall, Vireina. Arctic. Rondout.
Abbie K. Willanl, Rondout. Mary E. Pearson. Rondout.
Expedite, Elizabethport. Liberty, Elizabethport,
Venus, Elizabethport. Gale, Elizabethport.
Mary Mersbon, Elizahethport, Bele, Elizabethport.
Harmonia, Elizalethport, Pacitie, Elisabeth pore.
Fashion, Elizabethport. Shekinah, Blisubethport.
Faieon, Blizabeshport. Murtha Harnett. Elizabethport,
Kxpress, Elizabethport. Revenue, Elzabethport.
Perngou. Khizabethport. Carrie Holmes, Georgetown,
J. J. Pharo, Govrgelows, W. W, Dickens, Westerly, R. I.
Eliza J. Raynor, Boston. Jobn Faruym, Providence.
Edward Wooten, Providence. N. W. Ponder. Taunton.
Gertrude, Cromwell, Ct. HKoston, Boston.
Splendid, Wareham. Josephine, Norwich,
F. G. Warver, Portland, Ct Smith, Taunton,’
Nathaniel Holmes, Prosidence, Escort, Bridgepart.
Nev, Fall River. Iiarriet Lewis, Providence,
Chaflel Woolsey, Georgetown. Henry Finch, Alexandria.
H. 8. Marlor, Virginia. K. P. Chase, Bondout.
WIND—Sundown, moderate, 8.; hazv,
SAILED,
Rteamships Silesia, for Hamburg; Helvetia, for London; Virgo, for
Bavunush,
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Boston, Oct. 10.—Arnved, steamship W. Kennedy from Baltimore;
ship Magnet, from Gottenburg brigs Nellie Mitel], from St. Domingo;
Jeremiah, from Guantonowe; Glendale, from Darien, M. K. Peunell,
Georgetown, D. C,
SPOKEN.
Bark [sane Liucoln, from Baltwore for Penarth, Sept. 23, lat, 45 30,
low. 41 0,
DISASTER.
CHATHAM. Mass, Oct, J0.—The acbr. Telegraph (of Providence), from
New-York for Portsmouth, N. H.. with coal, came ashore ou Chatham
Bars last night. The vessel remains tight, and way be got of at high
water to-day. The wreckers are on board.
[For Latest Ship News see Fifin Page.)
Mcean Steamers.
[UNITED STATES, NEW-ZEALAND, and
AUSTRALIA MAIL STEAMSHIP LINE. —A Bteamer of this
line will be dispatebed from Ran Francisco, as noon, on WEDNESDAY,
Nev. 8, and every fourth WEDNESDAY thereafter, with mails, passes
rr and freight, for Homelals. Anekland, Wolbess, Lyttleton, and
ort Chalmers, sonmesting at Asckland, and at Fort Chalmers with
pr for Sidney. 0 Rony and the wider _phscipe) Australian
J ‘or freight or passage, apply to W. H. B, 54 Exchange
(78

NORT H GERMAN LLOYD STEAMSHIP
COMPANY
FOR SOUTHAMPTON AND BREMEN.
The steanssbip NEW-YORK. Capt. K. v. Emater, will sail oo THURS
DAY, Ost. 12. at 3 p. m., from Bremen Por, foot Third-st., Hoboken, to
ve followed b
Bleamahin DEUTSCHLAND, Capt. B. A F. Neynaber, on SATUR
Y. Oct 14
KATES OF PASSAGE TO LONDON, HAVRE, AND BREMEN:
(PATABLE IN GOLD, OR IT RQUIVALENT IN CUHRENC
Steeruge ars os a caging ase oN
¥dr traighi or pusgage, appl: W OBLRICHS.& Ue. Agoute,
3 Bowling green.

cs vcesosiraransrussress FF TRORARI
YA seo
Cc JDecTOoRER 10,
HAVANA, PROGRESO and VERA CRUZ,
NEW-YORK, and MEXICAN MAIL STEAMSHIP LINR,
Leaving Pier No. 17, East River. at 3 p. m,, dirset for Havana:
CITY OF MEXICO, Timmerman......... SATURDAY. Oct 14
CLEOPATRA, Philliow (Havana only)..... TUESDAY, Ost. 24.
CITY OF MERIDA. Deaken..............SATURDAY Nov. 4.
flanuates, Pliil'ps (Havaoa only)..... TUESDAY, Now. 14.
or (reight or passage apply to
ALEXANDRE BONS, n Broadus).
U S. MAIL TO HAVANA.
Je NLANTIo MAIL STEAMSHIP (0,,
Saling arly EVERY THURSDAY, at J o'clock p. m., precisely,
from Pier Yo. 4, North River.
MORRO CASTLE, Capt. R. Adams.................0ct 12
(COLUMBIA Capt. E. Van Sien wer rsisvnnnsssiile I
MISSOURL, Caos. TH, Morton...... .............0ck 36.
For freight or passage, apply to A. W, DIMOCK, Premdens,
PI Ta a OL 5 BOWLERS
FOR ST. THOMAS and BRAZIL.
I'NITED STATES and BRAZIL, ATEAMSHIP COMPANY.
Regular Mai) Steamers sailing om the 2% of every wooth.
MERRIMACK, Capt. Wier, Oc’oher 23
SOUTH AMERICA, Cant. E. L, Tinklvrangs. November 23.
NORTH AMERICA, Capt. G. B, Ncesm, Desember 23.
These splendid steamers sail on scledn’s tae, and call at SL Thomas,
Para, Prroamburo, Bahia, and Kio S0.Juuvhro, goog and returning Por
agement of freglt or to
ETN R GARRISON, Agat. No, 3 Bowling-green, New York eS
A Nchor LINE~STEAMERS TO GLAS:
7 GOW, LIVERPOOL sud LON A
from Pler 20
EVERY SATURDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
THRE NEW DEPARTURES:
FROM GLASGOW, FROM NEW-YORK
PUROPA..... Weanesday. Sept. 20 EUROPA... Weinesisw Out h
JTOWA........... Saturday, Kept. 23 TOWA........... Katartay Ont.
CALEDONIA. ...Saturday, Rept. 30 CALEDONIA Katarday, eg, of
ANGLIA... .....Natorday Oct. 7 ANGLIA... Saturlis Occ 38
First Cabin passage rn A FL $1, Swerags,
n ve ports, ».J2,
$28. Bweerage Lckets from HENDE N BROTHERS, A
7 Bowtiig green.
Por the Svsommaintivg of Be i and vi pablin, the Anchor Liwh
ed a Branch Office 21 Broadwar, where, beso (es aq Tick
Kallvosd ‘Tickets to any station, West, North, and South, ca be purchase
at livwast rates
T0R LIVERPOOL,
x
(VIA QUEENSTOWN),
CARRYING THE TI. 8. MATA
THER LIVERPOOL AND GREAT WESTERN STRAM COMPANY
will dispatch one of their firat-cisss. full power. iron screw steamships
FROM PIER No. 46, N. RB, EVERY WEDNESDAY,
a follows:
MINNESOTA, Capt. TW. Prermax, October 11 at 3M p m,
IDAHO, Capt. PRICR...c.uvavns.on. October 18, at 5:90 0. m.
MANHATTAN, Capt. J. B, Pricg..... October 20,
COLORADO, Capt. T. F. Freeman... October 25, at 310 p.m.
WISCONSIN, Capt, WiLrians....... November ot: Wa wm,
NEVADA, Capt. FORSYTH... November at 4:3) p.m
Cabin passage, $00, gold.
Bteersge passage (Ofice, No. 20 Broadway), $1), currency.
For freight or cabin passage, aprir to
WILLIAMS GUION, No. 63 Walls,
I MAN LINE. For QUEENSTOWN and
LIVERPOOL —Roval Mail Steamers are Spnosnted to sail as follong:
CITY OF NEW=YORK.........00s.... THURSDAY, Oct, 12, 2p
CITY OF WASHINGTON. ....0vve0 SATURDAY. Oct, 14, 3p. m.
CITY OF BALTIMORE THURSDAY, Oct 19 0am
CITY OF BRUSSKELS....vv..vvn oov...BATURDAY, Oct. 21, 12m
Awl each succeeding BATURDAY acd THURSDAY, from Pier No. (43
North River.
RATES OF PASSAGE.
PAYARLE IN GOLD, PAYABLE IN CURRRYOY,
FIRST CABIN ....c0o0vees 873 STEERAGE............... 89
To Lendon..easeiieeees 80 To [ondon.....0o0ss.. BH
Passengers also forwunied to Havre, Hamburg, Sweden, Norway, asd
Denmark, at reduced rates.
Tickets can be huaght bere, at moderate rales, by pervons wishing te
send for their fiends.
For further juforwation vi at the Companys Ofce,
JOHN Gi. DALE. Avent, No. 15 Broadway N.Y,
vy \a Al r Ld oF AJ
[LONDON and NX EW-YORK STEAMSHIP
4 LINE, ~The first-class stounsbips of this Line will be digpui bed
for LONDON, direct, as follows:
Pier No. 3, North River,
PARANA —Satanlay, Oct, 14. PARAGUAY ~Satardsy, Oct. 28,
RATES OF PASSAGR IN CUKRENCY
First Cabin, §70; Recond Cabin, $38; Sterrage, $30,
For fieg! tor Fiat apy ly to
HOWLAND ASPINWALL, Agents, 54 and 55 Sonth st
\d Ad CI 4 hl
OX LLY DIRECT LINE TO FRANCE.
THE GENERAL TRANSATLANTIC COMPANY'S MAIL
STEA Sips BETWEEN NEW. YORK AND HAVRE, CALLING
AT BREST,
The splendid vessels on this favorite route for the Continent will sal
from Pier No. 5, North River, 2» follows:
PERBIRE.........oo.Danré. ooo... .BATURDAY, October 31.
ST. LAURENT oeenoe Lemans... SATURDAY, November L
WASHINGTON. ....Besafort........SATURDAY, November 18
VILLE Dk PARIS... .Surmmt,.......SATURDAY. Ii cember
PRICE OF PASSAGE IN GOLD tinciadiug wing
TO BRENT OR HAVRE:
First Cabin. .............BI25| Second Cabin. $7,
EXCURSION TICKETS AT REDUCED RATES.
These steamers 10 DO! CATTY Sleerage Passengers.
Awerican travelers going w or relurning frow the Continent of Pareps,
br jaking the steamers of this line, avoid both transit by Koghsh ri
aid the mforts of eluting, She Chauae), beside saving time, oa
and expense. GRO. MACKENZIE, Agent. No. 53 Broaiwey.
Al N y
VY HITE STAR LINE.
NEW.YORK, ORK, AND LIVERPOOL
NEW AND FLLL-POWERED STEAMSHIPS.
THE SIX LARGEST IN THE WORLD.
OCEANIC, ANTARCTIC, REPUBLIC,
ATLANTIC. BALTIC, ADRIATIO,
6,000 tans harden—3.000 h. p each
%ailing from New-York va SATURDAYS, from Liverpool ou THURS
DAYS, aud Cork Harbor the day following.
ATLANTIC, October 14, at 2p. m.
OCEANIC. October 23, at Jv. ms
BALTIC. November 11,
From the White Star Dock. Paveria Ferry, Jersey City,
Passenger accommodations (for all Slapsen) worivaied; combing
SAFETY, SPEED, AND COMFORT.
Saloons, state-rooms, amoking-room. and bath-rooms ia midship see
tion, where least motion is felt. Surgeons asd siuwardesses accompany
these steamers.
RATES—Saloon, $80, gold. Bteerage, $30, currency. Those wish
ing to send for friends from the Old Country can Bow obtain steerage,
Prepaid certificates, $33, currency,
Passengers hooked to or from all rts of America. Pans, Hamberg,
Norway, Sweden, India, Aastralia, china, &ec.
Excursion tickets granted at lowest rates.
Drone from 2! Wears. od
or inspection of plans and other information, app!v at the Company's
offices, No. 19 Broadway, New-York. J. fi SPARKS, ig
NATIONAL LINE.
STEAM TO LIVERPOOL AND QUERNSTOWN.
From Pier No. 47, North River,
FOR QUKENSTOWN AND LIVERPOOL:
DENMARK, Audrews............ SATURDAY, Oct. 21, at 104.
FOk LONDON, DIRECT
HELVETIA, Griggs. .covuseceens TUESDAY, October 10 at lp. m
Passage to Liverpool or Queenstown cabin, $75 and $65: steerage,
$28 currency. Prepaid Steerage tickets from Liverpool, Quecastows,
Londonderry. or Glasgow, $32 currency.
For further particulars, apply at tbe Company's Office, No. 69 Broad
way. F. W. J. HURST Manager.
OF FICE REPUBLIC LIFE INSURANCE Co.
OF CHICAGO, JOHN V, FARWELL, President, 409 Broadway,
New-York.—Contribasiuns of any and all kinds to the suffering ie of
Chicago will be received and forwarded by this Comnany free ol charge.
(Signa) G. WwW. P BOWMAN, Vice-Pres's,
SN FTAMMERING or STUTTERING CURED b
2) Dis. WHITE OATMAN, 402 Fourth-ave., corner Twenty ef
st., New-York. No pay until cured. Seud for Circuburs,
THE TRUSTEES of the FIVE POINTS
HOUSE OF INDUSTRY, grateful for past support, are compelled
12 sogeat for funds for present veed. The receipts Juring the Summer
bave been inadequate to supply necessary funds, and with the approach
of cold weather the demands upon the treasury increase.


Over thre Landred children are in tee school.
More than two hundred reside in the house. EA
About one thousand weals are daily go to children and adnlits,
One Lunared and forty-six persons Lave Leen provided with employ
ment during the past four months,
More than 8ve thousand dollars are neaded for immediate nse.
The Board hopes that the (rieuds, who veed only to be reminded of the
wants of the Institution, will kindly remember ua, Contributions may be
seat to HUGH N. CAMP, Treaxurer, 155 Worth-st.
TrUsTRES—Archibald Russell President; Charles Flv, Marshall Led
ferts, Hugh N. Camp, Treasarer: Frederuk G. Foter, Morra EK. Jesup,
George F. Betts, Secretary; D. Lvdig Suydam, G. H. Morgan.
Wedding Cards,
A nm
AT WM. EVERDELL™ SONS, No. 104 Ful
3 oy RUDING CARDS and FINE STATIONERY. (Batak.
J.
Prinnng.
Wwe "FVERDELL SONS, 104 Fulton-st.—
LITHOGRAPHIC, STEAM JOB PRINTERS and LABEL
MANUFACTURERS.
Carpets, Bedding, Furniture, Lc.
TARREN WARD Co., MANUFACTUR-,
ERS and wholesale and retail dealers in
EVERY VARIETY OF FURNITURE
for City and Country residences,
Nos. 75 and 77 Spriag-st.,
corner of Crosby.
AAA
m————————————
fiotels.
OMMONWEALTH HOTEL, Washi at.
ALTH HOTEL, izhington-
occupying are frum Worcester to Spriagte
F. ROGERS Oo. i
Machinery.
SMALL two-feed news WHARFEDALFR
LD) prints paper, 30x20: Jost the thing for a daily of fair circalation.
por, 4.000 an hour. All ready to mart. Also, larger sizes For
chieap tor cash. by VICTOR K. MAUGER, 110 Beade-st.
AAA AVA AAAS AAAS
Cry or New YORK, DEPARTMENT oF FINANCE, BUREAU or
ARREARS. OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF ARKKARS, dept 1 18
Nl ICE of SALE of LANDS and ENE
AN MENTS for wajaid taxes of 1866, 1667 and 1868, aud Croton waler
rents of 1865, 1866 and 1567,
Under the direction of tbe Comptroller of the City of New York, the
undersigned hereby gives Jone notice, pursuant to he provisions of the
ack entitled An set for the collection of taves, assessments and Croton
water reats io the City of New-York, sad to amend the several acts In
reistion hereto. pusesd April 8, WIL.
That the respective owners of all lands and tenements in the Clty of
New-York on which tazes bave been laid and ocoufirmed, situsted la the
Wards Nos. 1 to 22, inclusive, for the years 1866, 1867 and 1968, ”e
now remaining due and is and also the respective owner of all
Jands and tenements in the Oily of New-York, situated in ibe Wards
aforesstd on which the regular &rovon water reats have been laid foc the
years 1869, 1966 and 1867, and are wow remaining due and uspaid, are 1+
quired to pay the said taxes apd Croton water rests so remaiaing due
Nod aupaid to the Clerk of Arrears, at bis offs, ju the Department
Finavce. io the New Court-Hoase, with the interest thereon, at the rie
of twelve per cent per annum to the time of payment, with tbe charges
of this notice aud advertisement; and if default shall be made ia such
garment. such lands and tenements will be sold af public suction, of ibe
ew Court-House, in the City Hall Park, in the £ity of New-York, oa
THURSDAY, the 149%h day of December, 1971, at 13 clock noon, for the
Joweet term of years at which any person shall offer to take ihe same la
consideration of sdvanciog the ambunt of the fax or Croton water read,
as the case may be, so due and on and the laterest ibervag ae Rott
sad 1o he time of sale. and or wih the barges of walios iad
vertisement. all other costs and charges acc fed,
rach it will be continued from time to is, watil all the lands sud tene
weuts here advertised for sale shall be sok.
And notice Is bereby Hed given that a detailed statement of he
tazes and the Croton water rents, the ownership of Whe property taxed,
Le a0 A Croton water rents are unpaid, is published in s pamphiot,
and that copies of the pamphlet are deposited in the ofice of the
of the Uteck of Arrours. and wid be delivers] io aay person to
Lo saws. A. 5 Call. Clerk of Arrears.
Mean Steamers.

@o Mhom 1t man Concern
Tornoration Notices.