ewok vibe,


RS Re NEW-YORK, TUENDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1871. PRICE FOUR CENTS,

AOLLECTOR MURPHY RESIGNS
GEN. CHESTER A. ARTHUR APPOINTED AS
HIS {RUCCTFSSOR.
E OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE—RECEPTION OF
TH
XR FCI Aud "me Ba he
a8 Collector of the Port of New-York, and Gen. Chester
A. Arthur has been appointed in his stead. On Baturday
Mr. Murphy sent a special messenger with his resigna
tion to President Grant at Washington, together with
the recommendation that hie intimate friend Gen. Ches
ger A. Arthur should be appointed his snccessor. Gen.
Arthur was also recommended by Senator Conkling and
other adherents of the Administration. President Graut
aecopted the resignation, and immediately appointed
Gen. Arthur Collector, Appended is the correspondence
petween President Graut and Collector Murphy
NG—TUE OPINION AT WASHINGTON.
THE
KTANDI
his position
Custos House, N EW-YORK, COLLECTOR'S OFFIOF,
Nov. 18, 1871.
fo the President: T hereby tender my resignation of
the office of Collector of the Port of New-York, to take
effect upon the appointment of my successor. Yon are
aware tuat during the period I have held this important
trust, and because 1 have held it, I have been subjected
to a persecution, which for persistent misrepresentation
apd uprelenting vindictivencss, has, fortunately, but
few paralicls in the Listory of political strife. Throngh
out this somewhat ting ordeal, T have been enstained,
however, by the fovsclousness of my own rectitude, and
by the fact that during my ofiigial term T have enjoyed
uninterroptedly, ant still recta your confidence undi
minished by the vitup ration of my accusers, For the
manner in which the duties of ‘the office have been per
formed, I take pleasure in referring to the judgement of
my official superior, the Secretary of the Treasury, aud
to the figures of record in the Treasury Departuient,
which slow how the revenue has been collected
and with what dimjuiehed percentage of cost.
Unless your attention hus been called to this record,
1 beg you will refer to it. Groundless as the aspersions
cast upon we arc, and fully as they have been refuted
before more than one tribunal, I am conscious that my
continuance fu office will be made the pretext and occa
glon for assaults, calculated to injure you and the Repuh
lean party and rails r than incur sucha bazard, 1 would
relinquish wy position, even kad it been coveted, which
you know it was uot,

When appointed, Ihelieved T eould render a service hy
accepting the place. Now I believe 1 cap render a ser
vice by ro-isuing it ond 1 gladly exlrace the oppoitu
pity. Tu coven gy oficial relations with the Govern:
ment, un ler those arcumstances, I way also properly
refer to the wrati7y ine result of the recent clection In this
State, which loaves the control of its affairs substantially
in the Lands of that great party of progressand reform
of which you are the acknowledged head, and for the
puccess of which it will ever be my pride and duty to lu
bor. 1 aw, dear =i, with high respect, your obediont
servant, TiroMas Mr pny,
EX¥CUTIVE MANSION, 1
WaASHIN TON, D, C, Nov, 20, 1871,
Hon. Tito vas Muureny, Collector of the Port of New-York.
DEAK Sti: Your letter of the 18th anst,, tendering your
resignation of the office of Collector of the Port of New.
York, with reasons therefor, is received. Tt gives me
great pleasure to hear testimony to the «Meieney, hon
esty, uid zea] with which yon have administered the
ofice go lonz ae it hag heen intrasted to your keeping.
Your own peace of mind no doubt will be enhanced hy
leaving the office of Collector, nt IT doubt whether snch
a course will in any senae he a bend fit ta the pndhlic sor
vice. Under vour adnunistration the revenues from the
New-York Custom-House have been larcely inerecsed,
and the cost of colleetion in proportion to the amonnt
collected has been reatly dimfuishied.™ This {s shown by
the records of the Treasury Lepartment, Yon have had
my unqualifled contidence ever since yon ents red the
office of Collector. Yon had that confidence before, or
the appointment would not Lave been tendered yon.
That confldence is still unshaken, and in aecenting your
resdenation I desire to give you the fullest assuriuee of
this fact, Whether you remain in or ont of office, time
will co uvines a fost public of vow entire innocence of
the chiarces brought against you. With great respect,
your ow dient ervant, 1. 8. GKANI.
HOW THE KESIGNATION 18 RECEIVLI
The news of the resitnation of Colicctor
Murphy created mmeh surprise thronghont the city last
evening. for althongh it was known that Marphy would
be forced to resign within a snort time, it was not be
tieved 1) 0 he would do it quite yet, with at @ving

his fntenc.on greater publicity, Few gave Lim credit for
didnt ro -t duess, bat all believed that it was another
triumph of honest public opinion over political corrup
tion, sud that wewbers of tie Taman Rinz, whatua
the County Court House or the Custow-House, must
suffer for th ir misdeeds.
Those who kuew Collector Murphy and Lis motives
best bel ved that he fintended only nowtsaly to relies
quish ti.e Colleetor-hip of the Port for the sake of ape
pearance, and that his successor wus to hold  oflice
throu) Lo and by Lim, and was to obey Lis dictates,
aud thus enable Lim Marphv) to continue his dogged
opjosition to the eonvenionee of the me rehants of this
city. Gen. Aithar swag known to he an intimate friend
of Collector Murphy, and one who wae alwase jovited
to bir connsels  Tustead of a radical change in the ad
ministration of the collection of the duties at this port,
there lis been sitaply a nominal change of office-holders,
for Arthur is expected to continue the same system that
prevailed uuder his predecessor, and his friends assert
that no change wil be made in the employes,
Collector Muiphy is reputed to be scheming for a
place in the 1c organized City Government. Having
failed to secure a position on the Commission of the De
partment of Parks, he ic now wire-pulling for a place on
the Police Commissicn.  Well-inforined politicians de
clare that he is anxicue to obtain the position which
Henry Swith bas so ac eptadbly filled, in order that the
Custom-House party may control every braneh of Gov.
ernment in this city. Prior to the transmission of Mur
phy 's resignation to Washington he dismissed an emi
cent weigher to make room for one John J. O'Brien,
ostensibly hi 'nivate Secretary, bat really a hanger-on,
whose only July was to converse with the local politi
inn
THE NEW COLLECTOR.
Gen Chester A, Arthar ie a lawyer doing business at
No. *2 Nie rest, and residing at No. 123 Lexington-ave.
He ix a wemher of the Republican State Central Com
mitter, and noted for Lis zeal in the Custom-House
interest. He was counsel for the notorious Tax Coru
mission instituted by Tammany, and. in the language of
disgusted citizen, is “Tom Murphy ander another
pame.” He was waited upon at his residence, last
evening, by ex-Collector Murphy and a number of his
associates, ull of whom tendered their congratulations,
Gen. Arthur tates that be has pot been officially in
formed of bis appoiutwent, aod did not know that he
had been appointed until late last evening. He does not
know wher he will enter upon the duties of his office or
We prelimi ries necessary thereto. It is generally
Supposed 11hat Murphy will be his heaviest hondsman.
It is beneved that she transfer of the office will take
Place before Decersber 1. James Terwilliger, who has
Ween the Lraius of the Custom-House under Murphy's
Mumluisiration, stated last evening that whethe? MI
Murphy rewained in the Custom-House pF uot, le (Tet
williger) intended to leave it ou January 1.
The wercantile community are disappointed at the ap
Pointiuent of a politician, particularly onc who is a law:
yer and docs PR go ris Rr the duties of his office sufli
elently tw qualify him for thelr proper performance.
ESTIMATION IN WHICH THE NEW COLLECTOR 18
y HELD IN WASHINGTON.
{BY TEL’GRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE]
 ratrtsnm. ic er OM "Tha  anniadnecament.
Wik evening, that Collect’ Murphy had resigned caused
that which he bears among prominent Republicans here
ie far from enviable. The fact that he held the import
ant and lucrative position of Attorney to the New-York
Tax Commission, by appointment of Tammany Hall, and
in accordance with a bargain by which it is said that
that Commission was gold out to the Democrate, is re
membered, Nor is it forgotten that he did not resign
that position until after Murphy's confirmation, and
when the Ring, which had seized the offices in New-York,
found more profit in running the Custom-House than in
Jending on the crumbs which fell from the Tammany
dahie,
NIWS IN THIS CITY—GEN. ARTHUR'S
It is also asserted that Gen. Arthur has never dis
tinmuishied himeelf, except as the aid and counselor of
the Shoddy Contractor, and his confidential associate
and attorney in matters relating to the Collector's
Tammany Real Estate and other speculations, What
was wanted was a change in the administration of the
New-York Custom-House., This nobody lere secms to
expect under Avrthine
Btatement of amount of customs collected at {the port
of New-York for the periods designated, and payments
on account of expemscs of collecting the same: For
the Jilted of 15 months, from April 1, 1869,
170 une 30, 1870—amount collected, $158,701,
403 80; iT of collection, $2,672,053; percent
age of collection, 168 plus. From August 1, 170,
to October 31, 1871—Amount. collected, §18%,088,080 72; ¢x
Jeuse of collection, $2,760,283; percentage of collection,
4C Inxs.
rr P———
COLLECTOR MURPHY'S MALADMINISTRA
TION.
PILFITING CUSTOM-TIOUSE  OFTICEFRS—AN IM
PORTER'S STORY—A THOROUGH REFOLM
URGENTLY NEEDED.
Instances of the frands perpetrated by Cus
tor-House officials, under the management of Collector
Murphy, multiply every day. The leading importers of
the city are almost unanimous in their statement that
never before in their experience has such a general gyS
tem of fraud and maladininistration prevailed in the
customs department. It beging when a vessel first ar
rives in the harbor and ceases only when the goods are
withdrawn fron the honded-warehouse by the merchant,
The greatest losses occur after the goods have passed
fully into the hands of the Custom-House authorities,
The merchandise is weighed or gauged, as the case may
be, on the pier, the importer is charged with the amounts
as returned, and a copy of the returns is glven to the owner
of the goods, In vine-teuths of the cases where liquids
ave concerned the importer discovers by the time he gets
possession of his property that the wastages have in
creased from 1 to 3, 5, and even 10 gallons. Such instances
have occurred when the casks were perfectly tight and
no loas could have resulted from leakage. Many mer
chants permit their goods to remain in bond from eight
inl ten months toa year, and shonld they complain,
witer they have removed then frown the warehouse, of
deficiency in measurc—on which, too, they paid dutics—
they are told that «o long a time has elapsed since the
goods went into bond that it has become impossible to
tell through whoee hands the merchandise passed, and,
aR a consequence, the merchant has not only to suffer the
loss of his property and pay duties on what he has never
received, but is without redress, and unable to obtain
any drawback. These deficiencies have often ranced
from to 25 per cent in measarciuent, The following is
the statement of Mr. Schultz, of the firm of Claiike
Sehmitz, importers of ales, wines, condiments, &c.:
1



“The system of corruption and robhery prevailing
pone Custois-Houseoflicials is carricd to such gn ex
treme that it has become a question with many import
ers whether we might not better have onr goods brought
into rome other port. We have been victimized to such
an extent that we wre compelled the mowent we learn of
CU the arrival of a vessel with our goods on board, to send a
man to look atter them, and wateh them until they are
uncer lock and key in the bonded warehouse, This
somelies occupies an entire week, but we have found
expensive as it is—that it is wach more economical to
emplov this man at high wages, than to gaffer the losses
which are sure to ensue where the goods are left to the
teacherous care of the custonns-oflicers, Yet, with all
the care we can exercise, and taking the extra precan
tion of delegating person to follow and watch the goods
in transit and on the pier, we have not been able to stop
thieving, Ju one case where our watcher left the
pier only 20 munutes fu order to apprise us
of the arrival of the Custom-House carman,
he discovered on his retira that two casks
were wissiug, and no person could cive any information
in regard to them, yet during the entire time they were
in charre of the Govornment officials,

“1 will give you the particulars of one case out of inanv
cimnlar ones. We had consigned to us, in the month of
October, by the ship Bremen, fromiRotterdam, 25 cases of
Foland gin, Itis enstomary, 1 Ruch instances, for the
Custom House cflicers to seicet a single package ont of
the lot, and cider it sent to the Public Store for exatnina
tion. £0 us to ascertain that the goods ave as represented
in the invoices. On this occasion the ofticer selected a
Pac hage in perfectly cood order, and sent at to thie Public
sore. When it was reiurned to us, and to cover up all
detleiencios that might appear, we found it marked *re
ceived in bad order; ix boldles were miseing, and their
places filled up with wood shavings, We wrote to
sceretary Boutwell an the qt of November, giv
ing him a detailed statement of all the Jide
ticulars, and adding that we considered ourselves
entitled to a drawback for the amonnt of duties
paid on goods which we were not in possession of.
A few davs afterward, in answer to onr letter, a Custolu
House offfeial ealied to gee ns, accompini d by the em
man who carried the goods to the warchonse, The latter
exonciated himself row any participation in the ab
ctraction of the goods, but mo further information
could be obtained, aud we have heard no more on the
I
xutdect from that day to this. A cask of gin which was
root en the same vessel was robbed of eight gallons,
on which we paid a duty of &2 per gallon.
Phe thieving business has become 4a very serious one
to us. The cost of the gin, freight, and expenses awnounts
to about 40 cents gallon laid down at the
New-York dock, anc the duty is $2, so jou
Le that it will not require. many gallons to
Le stolen in order to render it a very unprofitable enter
prise for ne, The particulars of the latest fraud by which
we have suffered revercly are as follows: The ship Cor
nelius Grinuell, from London, brought over—consigned
to us 10 cases of sauce, Instead of ordering one of the
cases into the Pablic Store, as 18 custoary, the oflicers,
in order to vent their spleen on us because of complaints
we Lad made of their conduct from time to time, or
dered the whole 10 eases to be overhauled and exaiined.
TLese cases were in the mogt pericet condition possible,
yo i they werereturncd to us after they bad been murked
“passed,” branded, “1 had order; step this way, Kir, and
exawine then.’ The reporter accompanied Mr. Schinltz to
the &tore room, and was shown a number of ¢coses in per
fectly sound condition, bearing all the original glupping
marks, and giving no evidence of repair. Mr. Schultz
then continued, One cage has been opened, and instead
of 6 dozen bottler we found only 53 dozen. We tmmedi
akely upon making the discovery wrote a letter to Collec
tor Murphy, narratiug tho particulars, and refusing
to Open any Were casas except in the presence of a ('uk
tow-House official; and I assure Jou, sir, we £hall keep
our word if they remain here for ten years. The Colice
tor has not yet favored us with a reply. The two in
stances I have mentioned to you are not isolated ones
nor exceptions, I can state, on the contrary, that after
we make a foir allowance for shrinkage when goods re
main any length of the in bond, we fu¥ariatiy find, in
the case of liquors, that frow 5 to 20 per cent has heen lost
while in Government charge; at least we have found it
so duriug the past 18 months. I am willing at any time
to make affidavit to the statements T have given you,
and have not the least objection to having my uame up
pear fu priut as the authority for thew.”
Another importer, who withholds his name for the
present, but states his willingness to substantiate lis
statement by aflidavit when necessity calls for it, says:
“1 had 20 cases of goods shipped me, which wee taken
in charge by the Customs officials, After they had heen
surrendered to me on payment of the duties. I discovered
that Bix cases were nigstng. I wade frequent applica
tion at the Custom-House for drawbacks, but up to the
present time have been unable to obtain any satisfac
tory result. It has become a serious uestian with me
whether it is uot desirable that I should remove to Bos.
ton, and obtain my merchandise through that port, With
60 years’ expericnce in business, I cannot recall any
state of Customs matters that approximates at all to this
resent condition of mismanagement and corruption. I
fived 50 years in Ean, had extensive business con
nections there, and feel hound to say that their conduct
of Custom affairs is far superior to our own at its best.
The Queen's Government holds its oficiales responsible
for goods while in their Ao ec union, and Any misappro
priation on the part of Customs officers 1s visited hy the
severest penalties of the law. We must have reconstrue
tion in this department in our city, or serious results to
our commerce and shippers are iuevitable.”
the
She 1 0 i
MURPITY'S FAREWELL FROM THE PRESS.
NOW BREAK THE CUSTOM-IOUSE RINGS.
Eornem Ths Raullabs KF revess
EAN 4 NG STL di] Te
It is expected that the election will be speed
ily followed by the retirement of Mr. Murphy frou the
New-York Custom-House, either by Toi ghug on or re
moval, to the end that the greatest stumbling-block in
our ranks shall be rewoved. Biwilar action ust also be
bad in the Buffulo District, where sn equally offensive,
objectionable and Ha still retains power. What
motive the Administration has for keeping these men in
office, nuainust the ¥pon wish snd protest of a very large
and influential portion of the Republican party, we are at
a lose to understand, Senator Conkling is charged with
the feaponabiLy of these appojutmonts; and ft ts
gouerally comteded hy vt? he bas the eur of the
President and has been utrustel with the dizpensing of
patronage in New-York. If Soukliug seeks to ad
vance the welfare of the Republic ps rty, sud promote
his return w the United States ho will be apt to
find that Le 4 not using the wost available W'€aANs to ac
cowplish these results. He ought to be rein.0ded by
passing events that this is not a good year for RilKs, or
shoddy aud borse-jockey Goyverument ofticlalg. Nn
wirit of reforw and Youtaty 1s now predominant, #n.
those who neglect to lised the eigns of the times may
find (oat they have tampered too Jong with the paticuce
of the pe. ODdE.
wily DON'T MURPHY FOLLOW HIS PARTNER OF
THE RING,
Jem To Uke Shari ined
The remova! of Tom Murphy Was prom
broush the PredoRys  Bewspaper  Bjoutbploces
BO murprise Lere but the a companying one that Chex
ter A. Arthur had been ap lnted to fill his place
&stounded everylody ot in the co. fidence of the Curtoin
House Riug. Frow bints and intimat,"0® that bave been
from tiwe to time thrown out, «nd fro'™ tie fact ghd
y and Lig clique have been supporto.’ ¢veD when
We Republican party of the whole on w unani
®eusly demanding their overthrow, it had been Ne
we that Mr. Murphy would not resign unless be a. Ih
ngly, aud that if any ehange were made, Mr. Murph,
®ad his friends would indicate a successor who would
®apage the Custom-House according to the Murphy
Plan. It was therefore rather too wuch to hope, while
Whe prosent jufiuences control New-York appointments,
tha this important pftice would be filled by san who
£904 command the copfidence of the great body 05 New
York merchants.
Fgyer Mr, ArtLur's repylalion way be st Lome,

{GENERAL PRRSS DISPATCH.)
COLLECTOR MURPHY'S MALADMINISTRA.
[3:3 PE: SN 4
“after election.” Election has come and gone,
but the shoddy thief reunuus in undisturbed
possession of the [fattest place in the Govern
ment’s gift, THE NEW-YoRrk TRinrRE growls aullenly,
The Springfield Republican barks occasionally, and
Radicals of average honesty express their disgust
now and then, but Murphy, the Federal favorite,
“rtfeks,” and felicitates himself on eaeaping the fate
whioh has befallen Lis partner mn the real estate business,
William M. Tweed, Until Tom Murphy is gorged with
Apolts he will not release his grip on the New-York
‘usiom-House,
TIE WAY OF REFORM.
From The Cincinnati Commercial, 2
Let this great anti-corruption campaign,
which bas been begun so magnificently in New-York, be
Fuslied with fervor aud determination, not only there,
mt in every part of the country, Certain courts and
Judges there have rendered themeslves infamois
throughout the world, and have made the name of jus
tice, so far a8 they were concerned, a byword, a reproach
and a farce. In crushing the Tammany Ring they have
crushed the most formidavle traud of modern times,
After this it is Shey Lo believe in tho destruction of any
Ring againgt which the people can be aroused. Let the
Jaciie of yy city and Etate follow the Exar of
New-York, and begin a relentless and determined war
against every form of official corruption,
MURPHY'S VICTORY.
From The Detroit Free Press,
Tom Murphy, the shoddy and skilled Collector
of Customs of New-York—the man Horace {eles has
again and again denounced as a plunderer und swindler—
18 in all his glory, Ilo says the result of the New-York
election 18 his victory. Rotten and corrupt as he is
known to be, this victory of hig party he claims will put
an end to all Sop of removing him from his oflice, bn
account of his dishonesty aud his worthlessness to hold
hig position. The ticket nominated and elected ir tho
Ntate wae composed of the creatures of his will, and he
has a right to claim the result as his victory, The I'resi
dent regards it in that Light, and will, it is understood,
give no further heed to propositions for Murphy's re
moval from oflice.
WHAT MURPHY'S RESOLUTIONS LEFT UNSAID.
From The Deirout Posts
The Republican faction quarrels in New
York do not seem to diminish, The Murphy Republicans
have met and resolved, impliedly, at least, that the re
cent victory in New-York Is due to Mr. Tom Mu:DhY,
who je thereby thanked for his services to the Repub
liean Jans. he resolutions do not explain in regard to
Murphy's real estate speculations, in partnership with
Tweed and Bweeny, Murphy still continues to hold his
yorition in the Castom-House, though large numbers of
Ropblioe fonrnuanls have advised his rewoval, and nou,
as we recollect, have defended Lim.
MURPHY SHOULD HAVE BEEN KICKED OCT.
The charges against Murphy are very spe.
cific and, as he hold his appointment from President
Grant, they should be Jrojpty investigated, and if true
he should be kicked out of the office without ecremony.
The position is one of importance, in which the tenpta
tions and opportupitieg for stealing are very great, and
the Administration would suffer justly if it aliowed
thief to rewain in it, especially a thief of the Tweed
glripe.
THE LAST CHARGE AGAINST THE QUEEN—A TEM
PERANCE ADVOCATE ACCUSES HER OF
DRUNKENNESS—A RIOTOUS RADICAL MEET
ING=—THE NATIONAL ANTHEM PROHIBITED
BY TilE AUDILNCE—COLLISION IN THE RIVER
MERSEY.
LoxpoN, Monday, Nov. 20, 1671,
Jolin Gribble, Sceretary of the Total Absti
nence Society of Brishan, publicly accuses the Queen of
intoxication. The charge causes a great uproar, and the
local anthoritics have already commenced legal pro
ceedings against Mr, Gribble,
A large Radical meeting, which was attended by 4,000
people, was held in the City of Dristol Just evening. Sir
Charles W, Dilke addressed the assemblage. There was
much uproar and fighting during the progress of the
meeting, and the band was prevented playlug the Na
tional authem God save the Queen,”
A report comes frem Liverpool, this morning, of a ter
rible disaster in the Mersey, Two ships ran into
cach other with «nel violence that both Aled and sunk
almost instantly, As far as is at present known all
hands are Jost, The names of the vessels have not yet
been ascertained, hh
The Standard's report of the enspension of negotia
tions between England and France thr the modification
of the Commercial Treaty is fully confirmed.
Two important witnesses for the prosecution in the
care of Kelly, about to be tried in Dublin for discharging
a pistel at an officer, have disappeared, and no clue can
he found 10 their whereabouts,
The remains of the late Col. Sanderson of the Lancham
Tote), will be gent to America for interment, The guests
at the hotel have appointed a Committee to accompany
the remains en the steamer to New-York,
&ir Thomas Dakin, late Lord Mayor, has aceepted the
tender of a complimentary dinner. and the 224 ust. has
been appointed us the day for the banquet.
a
TEN ARMY C(OKPS NEARLY ORGANIZED AND
ALMID WITH IMPROVED WEAPONS,
PAs, Monday, Nov, 20, 1571,
It ix expected that before the end of January,
1-72, France will have ten army corps, completely orean
ized and fully supplied with improved aris, pusted at
the great military centers of the country.
The Count de Chambord, ohitet of the elder branch of
the Bourbons, in a letter just published, contradicts the
report that lie intends to gurrender Lis hereditary right
to the throne of Frauce,
The editor of the journal Pere Ihuchesne has been conrt
martialed and sentenced to imprisonment with bard la
bor for life. MM. Vermesch and Vuillaume have been
gentenced to death for contumacy.
J
THY CAPINET (RISIS—CIRCULAR FROM THE RE
PUBLICAN DEPUTIES—TIHE LABOR MOVEMENT.
MAnkID, Monday, Nov. 20, 1571,
The debates in the Cortes during the past
week, their unexpected result, aud the resignation of
the newly-formed Ministry, cause great agitation in this
city and in the Provinces,
The Republican Deputies to the Cortes have issued a
cirenlar adviging thelr supporters throughout the coun
try to keep quict, aud advocating the maintenance of
public order.
In the mean time the labor troubles continne. The
bakers and dyers in Valencia obstinately maintain their
gtrike, and make such threatening demonstrations that
reinforcements have been gent to the garriron,
A steam transport will sail from Cadiz on the J0th
inst. with fresh troops and supplies for Cuba.

COMPULSORY MILITARY SERVICE IN BAVARIA.
BeRLIN, Monday, Nov, 20, 1571.
The Reichstag has sanctioned the extension
of the North Gerumab Jaw, waking wilitary service com
pulsory in Bavaria.
BA EN A a
CONSTANTINOPLE, Monday, Nov. 20, 1871.
There are great complaints of the disorgani
zation in the public Departments. The Sultan's orders,
requiring economy in the administration of public af
faire, are misinterpreted, and not satisfactorily carried
out. Harmopy does not prevail lu the Cabinet aud a
crials in looked for. Es
A
GENEVA, JMULURKRSy ATV Ts &0 47107
The origin of the recent conflagration in this
city is to be made the subject of a strict investigation.
Suspicion §s directed against the sgents of tbe Interna
tional Bociety.
SEVFRE BNOW-S8TORM IN THE WEST=UNIOX
PACIFIO TRAINS SNOW-BOUND.
asda
PACIFIO TRAINS BNOW-BOUNLL
wana, Nov. 20.—The sleet and anow-storm
which commenced here OBR Friday poem continued
until Bunday morning, and extended over the
whole country from the Rooky Mountains to the
Missouri River. Everytbing is covered with a coat
ing of heavy ice, causing the downfall of the telegraph
lines. The Union Pacific trains are snow-bound at dif
ferent points between Omabs and Cheyenne, the express
train, due bere on Saturday afternoon, arriving about
midnight on Bunday. The storm ia reported to be still
more severe in Southern and western Colorado.
Enos Collins, probably the richest Tat 0 "00
Lower ri of the New Dominion, dled yesterdey in Hallas, age 9.
....The report that Ch Jos C. Clark had vaca
the wiilori) of Troy Prose for position eo the Hedsos ated
pmovement is in Balt Lake Cit
to fogs Pn to a pre reas i from the tis in
depot through Re the clly.
....The steal? ontana, which sailed from San
Preacisco for Pasems merchandioe A thy rove of
S171 oon. mainly for Rew-3 10.000 sohions of w ra
TOREIGN NES,
(CREAT RBREITAIN.

FRANC].
SPAIN.
GERMANY.
TI'RKLY.
we sever A BUANTINTLS CARINET.
QWITZERLAND.
1 RORAPHIC NOTES.
CpUVIOET IN MNAVARIAL
MORE IMPORTANT CITANGES.
CONNOLLY OUT AT LAST.
ANDREW II. GREEN APPOINTED CONTROLLER IN
1A ALAM ANIA VAAN ATR 4388 MBALLCOUV MAY VU
POLITICAL INTRIGUE—OTHER VACANCIES NOT
YET FILLED—TWEED’S CONVICTION THOUGHT
TO BE IMPOSSIBLE,
The busy political intrigues of the past fort
night have at length culminated in fioportant changes in
the City Government, and others are anticlpated as a
consequence in a few days.
Controller Richard B. Connolly has been cornpelled to
resign his office, and the succession has been dictated by
Mr. Tilden, Mr. Havemeyer, tho Reform Democrate,
and, it 1s asserted, by a late prominent Republican Fed
eral officer, notorious for his connection
with Tammany. The nomination of Mr.

Andrew H. Green fwas mado a condition precedent
to Mr. Connolly's resignation, and the letter of tho Coa
troller was not placed inthe Mayor's hands until he
‘had relnctantly signed Mr. Green’s appointment,
What other considerations were employed to induce
Mayor Hall to consent to an appointment which It is
well known 18 particularly repulsive to him are not
kuown. He is reported fto be willing, if not indeed anx
fous, to make, in all cases where resignations are offered
him, fuch appointments a3 will hold over” after tho
Legislature meets, and ready to concede that the Re
forma party have the right to go to the Legislature in
January with the City] Government in their hands. Tut
the appointment of Mr. Green was personally obnoxious
to him and to Mr. Tweed, though hoth were eager 10 get
rid of Shppery Dick at any price,

1t 18 generally understood that Connolly's resignation
was forced from him only by a promise that he should
not be prosecuted for Lis share in the Ad Interim Board
of Audit plunder. He has turned State's evidence, and
a nolle prosequi 1s eutered in his caso as a part of the
bargain. He will be allowed to escaps with his fm
mense plunder, although the proofs against him are un
questionably as clear as those against Tweed, Lut con
cealed from policy heretofore, and now in order that the
Reform Democrats wey get possession of the City Gov
crnment. There are rumors afloat also that evidence
oxists, and has been for some time past in the
hauds of the proper persons,uf tho negotiation abroad by
Connolly and his ron of several millions of city bonds
which do not appear in the list of city indebtedness, and
which are wholly unauthorized and unprovided for.
The proceeds of these bonds have heen invested abroad,
as the report gays, and Connolly 1s to sail shortly for
Europe to enjoy them. These aro more serious charges
than any yet made against the Controller, but they are
In roany mouths, and it is sald are us cacily substan luted
as the charges against Tweed.
The report prevails that Connolly will leave for Enrope
in a week or two, and that many others of the Ring will
take light simultancously, James M. Sweeny (Peter B.
Sweeny's brother-in-law) and ugh Smith are also re
ported to be coutewplating a voyage to Europe, if, in
deed, they have uot already goue there, a change of air
for the benefit of thelr health being doewmed desirable,
THE OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE,
The negotiations thus secrotiy iutluenecd are given to
the general public in the followin correspondence. The
first letter of the series is from Controller Counelly to
Mr. Havemeyer:
Niw-YORK, Oct, 2, 1=71,
AMY DEAR SI: Tt crems to me that the thine Las
arrived when my rosienetion of the office of Controller
may be of service to the pablie, if it ean be the weans of
Aesuning the appointment of a suceessor of known imfeg
rity and of ewinent gualiiieations for the position, The
appointment of Mr. Green, which wis made hy your ad
vice, Las been received with general satisfaction and ap
proval, aud his administration of the trust committed to
his charge hag cornmended him to universal confidence.

Relying on your friendly counsels, which have gove
erned my action irom the time Itirst sougit your advice,
and recognizing yon ag one representing in an eminent
degree tue views of the great body of our ciuzens, I beg
leave to place in your hands my provisional resignation,
to take effect, on the same being fled, simultaneonsly
with the appointment of a successor whom you shall ap
prove, Congcions of many shorteomings in the disohiarge
of IY GRerols and varied duties, T desire that my cour-¢
Lor ho doe ly afl sting the interests of the pubde) ty ve
stich as all coc citizens may approve,
vary respectfully yours, RICHARD B, CONNOLLY,
The Hon, Win, F. Havemeyer,
With this was received, by Mi. Havemeyer, the follow.
ing oflicial resignation for transinittal to Mayor Hall, oa
the conditions wade in the lettor printed nbove,
NeEwW-YORK, Ocl. 3, 1571.
The Mon. A. OARDY ITAL, Mayor:
LEAT <11t: herewith resizn the office of Controller
of the City of New-York. Yours respectfally,
JLCLARD By CONNOLLY,
Controller of the City of New-York,
Afr. Tlavemeyer replied to Mr. Connolly iu the follow
ing letier:
ng M New-York, Oct, 3, 1571,
My Dear Sms 1 have peecived yours of tod, and,
outeide of your Batten allusions to guy sell, iv 13 just
wireh a letter as Fexpeeted to receive from von as soon
as the time should urrive when you ald consistently
pen it. 1 wiulaccept your resignation on the conditions
you name, and will net part with it unul it shall secure
the appointment of Andrew HL Gieen a8 FORT Snecesor,
Yours, truly, W. F. HAVEMEY LL,
To RR. B. Counolly, ear.
Mayor Hall is understood to buve reluctantly complied
with the conditions irnposcd, and as result the follows
fug wus sont to Mr, Groen at noon, yesterday
MAYOR'S OFFICE, NEW-YOKK, Nov. 18, 1871.
A vacancy existing at this date inthe office of Control
ler of the ty of New-York, by the voluntary reslznation
of Richard B. Connolly, exq., who was hitherto appointed
into that oflice (and which resignation is duly tiled);
now, in pursuance of and by virtue of the of cone
ferred by section 12 of chapter "04 of the laws of 1871,
amending section 35 of the law< of 1570, I hereby fill anid
vacaney, aud do appoint, for the full term, us Controller
of the City of New-York, Andrew TL Gieen, esd.
A. OAKEY NIALL, Mayor of the City of Now-York,
Armed with this doenment, Mr, Green went before
Judge Brady, and was administered the oath of oflice in
the Supreme Court,
The revolutisn was complete before It was known to
the habltués of political centers iu to neighborhood of
the City Tall, Tt was exp ected that os soon as he en
tered the Controller's Office, and assumed his position,
Mr. Green would appoint a deputy, but this he did not
do. The general opinion is that bir, Storrs the deputy
of Mr. Connolly, wii he reinstated in his old position. In
the afternoon when the change had hecome pretty gon
erally known politicians of i more reputable stripe than
the ordinary loungers at the depurtisents visited the
Controller and Mayor Hall, The latter gentleman was
for an hour or so in consultation with Recorder Hackett,
THE EFFECT ON TWEED.
At {he Department of Public Works the change was
commented upon as being very unfavorable for Mr.
Tweed, and an epigrammatic laborer who had listened
with patience and attention to the dissertations of a
group of argun.cntators fn Mr. Tweed's ante-roomn,
fely expressed his opinion that Mr. Connolly was going
yi Ply 1) an informer to the prejudice of Mr, Tweed's
cake, or, in the man’s vernacular, I tell Jo he'll squeal,
and the Boss 'll go to h—1L" Mr. Tweed himself seemed
aud the Bowb wed yesterday, and although he attended
the meeting of tho Board of Apportionment, he did not
seem as nonchulant as usual, nor were his salutations
given with the air of a wal who was glad to sce those
A lhom be greeted. His nods were less frequently given,
nd his smiles were less of the self-congratulatory order
than they were two weeks Ago. His resignaetion, which
is said to be written and ready for presentation to the
Mayor, was not spoken of yesterday, but it was hinted
{hat Mr. Connolly's retirement would hasten it.
tet
THE OTHER VACANCIER UNFILLED.
Several other vacancies exist in the City
(jovernmeht, and ‘more resignations are expected in a
I a Ba Ar. hd agile bum 2 za Sadia
Several other vacancies exist m the City
(lovernmeht, asd more resignations are cxpected in a
short time. The appointment of Mr. Stebbins and Mr
George Jones of The Times to the vacancies In the Com,
mission of Public Parks has been urged upon Mayor
Hall, and a great pressure brought to bear upen him for
the intment of the former. It was understood that
he had finally yielded to this, and bad doue violeuce to
his personal selings, and fnvited Mr. Stabila to take
Nr. Bweeny:a pluch, t being understood thet Judge Hil
on, Tom Fields, and Mr. Green, would vote for the
Mayor's nominee for the Presidency. Flelds’s resigua
tion, aa well as that of Hilton, wes hy to be at
the Mayors service. Willlam T, gett was
also mentioned as likely to receive the nomination
to Judge Hilton's piace. A ohafige is antieipated im the
otk Doi nt, for which vacamey prominent Re
postions oa boc amined, but it is not known [f he will
coepl- here have been rumors that Mr. Acton and
Nr. ennedy wuld be invited to plases on the Polies
Commission, bul on inquiry of the Mayor it was ascer
aimed poalttiely that when the vacancies oceur .they
will no be offered to thoee centlemen. It was asserted
st Police Headquarters that it was arranged nearly 10
days ago; 8 00 Coanelly's Je 4nstlon was Agreed
npos, that Thomas Nurphy was [stn the, Gof? tor
ship, and run It RRC A while he Nitin pen und
direct control of t Police Departm ut in place of a
present Commissioner, ‘whose resignation Wua protnised.
JAS. W. GERARD DECLINES,
The vacancy in tbe Board of Education, to which
Mayor Hall appointed Mr. James W. Gerard, was de:
clived by that gentleman in the following letter:
New-YORK, Nov. 20, 1871.
To (he Hon. A. OAKBY HALL
My Dras Su: Lap obliged to you for the compl |psnh
of appointing me to the ogg of one of the Commis
aloners of Public Education of this city, butl regret that
I cannot accept it. When 1 gave op the practice of the
law two years ago I determined not to arsume the daties
of any portion which would exact from me at all seasons
of the year, or at particular days or hours.
1 have been connected with the public schools for 22
wan as Inspector of the Fifteenth and Eighteenth
ards, which to me is a very agreeable position, and one
that does not exact from mo any particular duties at
Darton times, T can visit them when I please, and I
ave become attached to the schools of these wards, and
I believe they are attached to me, and I do not want to
sever the connection. I could not give the time necesgary
to the ardnous duties of a pind IAS not merely in
the meetings of the Board, but in tho exacting duties of
the various committees which the magmtude of the
system of public education requires, Iam absent from
the city from carly Sprizg up to late jn the Fall, and I
could not assume a position whose duties I wus not pre
jor to perform at all seasons and at all days and hours,
1 shall continue with great pleasure to perform my
duties as Inspector, and I will nse my endeavors for the
future, as I have done for years past, to elevate tho u
tellectual and moral standard of the children of the
working classes of New-York. I am, with respect, yours,
very truly, JAMES W. GERARD.
JUDGE HILTON ANXIOUS TO BE RELIEVED,
Judge Hilton also sent a letter to Mayor Hall, yester
day, of which the following 13 a copy
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC PARKS, Nov. 20, 1871
The Hon. OAREY HALL, Mayor, d¢.:
MY DEAR Sik Permit we to ca!l your attention to the
fact that you have not aplofuted wy successor, and that,
conrfequently, wy resiguation 1s held in abeyance. With
all respect I must now insist upon heing at once re
lieved of the labors and responstisiities of 1m osition
in this Department. While I remain ad in
charge of its works, I am constantly called upon to
direct ita affairs, and this I am unwilling to do after hav
ing, as I have repeatedly informed you, fully deter
wined to vacate wy office. Very truly, flENRY HILTON.
MR. SWEENY'S FORMAL RETIREMENT,
Peter B. Sweeny retired from the Department of Pub
lle Parks on Saturday, without formality or ceremony of
any kind, simply stating that he was going aud would
not return,” and also intimating that as his resignation
took effect on Monday, Lhe would not meet with the
Board of Apportionment on that day. The Department
is now virtually worked by George E. M. Van Nort, who
is its controdler, and who has been connected with the
Central Park and Department of Parks for many years.
Ri lh hee rss”.
TWEED'S CONVICTION IMPOSSIBLE.
It has been stated in political circles that
Charles O'Conor has expressed regret that there is a
legal obstacle in the path which will retard the proaeéu
tion of Tweed and probably conduce to his escape from
the punishment he now fo justly merits from the out
raged majesty of the law.
RE
RING STOCK OPERATIONS,
Another of Tammany’s schemes came to tem
porary grief, yesterday, in Wall-st. For a considerable
time past the members of the Tammany and Eric Rings
have been identified with stock operations in the Hanni
bal and St. Joseph Railroad. They now control the
direction of the Road, but their counection with it does
not assist in elevating it in publio estimation. Upon the
announcement of the i of the Ring savings
banks there was an immediate deeline in the price of the
stock from 653 to 493, and there was a very uneasy feeling
with regard to it, uo clear-secing operator or luvestor de
siring to touch ic.
It was alleged that the Bowling Green Savings Bank
had cither loaned or invested a large amount of money
on this stock, and that when the directors attempted to
realize there was po support to the market, and it fell oil
53 per cout, Very little other excitement was created in
Wallst, by the announcement of the suspension of the
Hatihs, #8 oll seemed to regard the erisis in their affaiis
as the natural resnlt of mismanagement and conneetion
with wen of evil reputation,

INGERSOLL NOT YET ARRESTED.
Ingersoll, whose arrest was expected last
week, was reported to have been in the city yesterday
arternoon, but the report was notfverified. The order of
arrest in Lis case expired yesterday, and was returned
to Judge Ingraham, who issued it, by Deputy Sheriff
Judson Jarvis, For the lagt three weeks Mr. Ingersoll’s
friends hud boasted that whenever Lis business required
his presence in the city he would come here and transact
it, and that his bond was ready, if the Sheriff arrested
him, It is now thought that Mr. Ingersoll, if arrested,
conld not obtain a million of dollars bail, aud this knowl
edge has kept him a fugitive from justice, hovering about
Lis home, but not daring to visit it while a warraug for
Lis arrest was in the Sheriffs hands.
I
SortTH AROLIN A FINANCES,
GUY. SUERTE ARNYED 2 as..
FRAUDULENT ISSUE OF BONDS—THE CHARGES
DENIED—ALY, THE OFFICIAL DEBT STATE
MENTS INTENTIONALLY FERRONEOUS—=THE
TREASURY EMPTY AND THE STATE ALMOST
BANKRUPT.
|LY TELEGRAPH TO THE TRIBUNE]
(oLUMBIA, Nov. 20,—In an interview with
Tie TRIBUNE coricspondent, yesterday, Gov, Scott stated
that he had reason to fear thut there has been a fraudu
lent issue of a considerable umount of Sonth Carolina
bonds made by the State Treasurer, through the finau
cial agent in New-York, This, he said, way have
been done by resclling bouds that have been
conversed into New Conversion  honds, io toad
of caneeling them. T0 any of the scven per cent bonds,
fssued in 1869 for the relief of the Treasury, are <ijlin
the market, he believes they are fraudulent, as he has
sizued new bonds for thelr conversion, The same fs
true, Lie said, of $700,000 of Land Commission bonds, and
of $500,000 of bonds issued In October, 1368, to pay iuterest
on the public debt, which were not properly priuted, und
should have been replaced with new bonds signed by
him for the purpose. a
The State Treasurer and the flnancial agent, Mr.
Kimpton, who are now here, say that the Governor is
misinformed, and that they are able to prove that there
has been no such fraudulent reissue as le suspects. The
Treasurer, to-day, made a statewent of the whole
amount of the debt of the State, which ho offers to
verity by submitting his books to the examination of any
responsible persons, This exposition shows that ail
oficial statements herntofore wade have been intention
ally erroneous, and made with a view to deceive the
publio. The entire debt of the State, not in
cluding liabilities on account of indorsewments of
railroad bonds, is $15,908,008 93, of which $5,453,008 08 is
old debt, and $9,353,000 new debt, Of this sum, $3,773,000
are new bonds, which have heen hypothecated hy Mr.
Kimptonto obtain a temporary loan of about $910,000. But,
as there is no prospect that the State will be uble to redeem
them, they are properly included in the gross amount
of the debt. The whole amount of new bonds aud
stock printed by the Bank Note Company is $22,540,000, of
which $2,550,000 is State registered stock. The financial
condition of tho State 1s counfessedly bad. The
treasury is ewpty, and It is doubtful if fauds
can be obtained to pay the January interest
on the State debt. A full statement of the
_ character of the debt, and the use that has been made of
the bonds printed, has been prepared, and will appear in
a few days. It will show that the management of South
Carolina finances has been very dad, and that the money
raised in New-York has been chicfly on short loans, at
ruinous rates of interest aud high commission, for the
payment of which bounds have been pledged as col
laterals. rt ai


MAYOR MASON'S ACTION COMMENDED BY THE
CHICAGO GRAND JURY.
Cr1caco, Nov. 20.—The Grand Jury closed
their labors to-duy. They indorse and commend the ac
tion of Mayor Mason, iu calling to his aid the services of
Gen. Sheridan, and consider that the thanks of the com
“munity are due Gen. Sheridan for the efficient ald rvn
“dered by him to the regular police force, in the emer
gency caused by the late fire.
CRIMES AND CASUALTIES-—-BY TELEGRAPH.
.The steam fiour-mill of Mesars. Smith Brothers,
Ross Palla IN was burned last Loss $35,000; no in
....The steam flour-mill of Mesars. Smith Brothers,
at Rock Falls, IN., was burned last Thursday. Loss $35,000; no in
sagance.
....Four members of a gang of 25 burglars, ar
rested at Id, Oblo, sume weeks ago, have each been scatcaced to
five years fHlagtie, Ov
The crew of the schooner Giold Huuter have
arrived in Owen Sound, Datgsie, The vessel was drives ashore after
the tag Prinee Alfred bad ber addin.
....The Methodist Episcopal church at Great
Bend, Pens. was burned on Suugar even ug. The Bre in ou pen to Lave
been caused by the explosion of gas meter. Loss, $13,000; lwsur
ance, $2,000,
....A more thorough examination of tho charred
remalos Hand under The Tyédbune bwiling, on Saterday, satis
brs be iferds of Jobn McDevitt, tie billiard plaver, thas they are uot
the of thet person,
....Chapmau 8. Richer, charged with the seduction
of bis sister-in-law, Mary J. Riehanisui, at West Chelmsford, Musa. and
Dr. A. Ms Ballard of Lowell, secmeed of performing sa operaen for
abortien. have both disappeared.
_...Frank Burns, a track-man on the New-York
Central Railroad, was ren over, on Sunday, aad instantly bille!. Michael
Barry, who was with Barns on band-¢ar, bad cue of his legs bruken
and roeeived some severe Brinses,
....A severe IE wan experienced on the Northern
Pacibe coast on the [9th fast. The otemuer John L. Stephens narrowly
escaped being wrecked, and the United Niates steamer Shubriek was
driven aabare aud badly damaged, at Astorle, Oregon.
cess collision oocomired om Bunday on the Ohio
and Misaissippt Railroad, near Ogos) Iml.. between two freight traine
Beversl cary contaluing live stack were wiceked The only person se
versely injured waa an engineer, whe bed *9 arm biden.
TUE PROPRIETORY EDITOR OF “A GREAT NEWS
PAPPR!? REFORE TIIW £21 rd 54h
A pt} pd ral aver UVYry A TIRATALN LW OT
PAPER” BEFORE THE GRAND JURY.
We published on Saturday an official report
of the examination of Mr. George Jonas hefora the Grand
Jury, regpecting the complicity of Mayor Hall tn the
Tammany frauds, of which Mr. Jones was understond to
say that he knew no more than other man alive, with the
exceptions perhaps of Boss Tweed and Cant. Matthew J.
O'Rourke. Mr. Joues, our readers will not have failed to
observe, knew nothing at all; and the painful suspicion
was aroused that Mr. Jones and his newspaper, The Ties,
had all along heen hitting blindly in the dur’, The Times
assured us yesterday that during the examination a re
poter in the pay of Mayor Hall was concealed in the
Grand Jury roow,—either under the table, or up the
chimney, orin some other convenient place, —taking note s
for THE TRIBUNE, With great trouble and expense we
have secured this enterprising person, and are now
enabled through his means to present a much fuller and
more accurate account of the great Joacs-Hall-Oliver
“inquest than can be found in the oflicial transcript of the
evidence. Mr, Jones entered the room with a firm, quick
step, and an air of profound mystery. Folding bis arms,
and looking at the Jury from under his eye-brows, ho
was heard to mutter something about Tammany Tool~."
and to address the District-Attorney as a ““caitiff villain;”
at which several of the Jurymen visibly shook, und Judge
Garvin reached for a heavy mahogany ruler, Mr. Jones
however restrained himself, and tranquility being re
stored, the examination went on as follows
Q. Mr, Jones, vou are the principal proprietor I believe
of The New-York Duily Times?
A. No, Bir; am an individnal,
Q. Have you not an interest in the paper?
A. Thereia a difference between me as a person, and me
08 a Times JEofuitor, and I refuse to give you any in
formation abont the interior workings of either of me.
Q. Have you read the editorials in The Times of the
pust two or three months?
A. Ldecline to answer that question, on the ground
that 3 might disgrace me.
Q. You are aware I supposa’ that your paper Las
charged Mayor Hall with tlieft. Do you know whether
that charge is true V
A. That 18 a professional secret. (Here Mr. Jones winked
at the foreman,
Q. But, Mr. Jones, we want information npon which to
base an {ndictment. You profess to have evideuce. Will
you not give it tous
A. You have The Times, and if that is not good enongh
evidence for you, you must all be Tammany thieves,
(Spoken with koma exeiteniont)
Q. We don’t undervalue The limes but you know that
is not legal proof, 1)
A. If yon will not beheve The Times, you would not be
leve though ore rose from the dead.
Well, then, wuo is the chief editor and proprietor of
The Times
A. Iam,
When yon said in your paper that Hall was a thief,
did fin know that to be the case
A, No.
Q. Why aid yon gay it then?
A. sald it asa hewspunor; and T refuse to tell as
George Jones what did when I was not George Joues,
but a newspaper abstraction,
Q. Can you help us In any way to fasten this erie
upon Halll
A. I can but I won't.
Q. Whyt
A. Because it would be nnprofesaional,
Do yon believe that Hall is a thief
A. don’t know whetlier he 1s or not,
Q. Do you believe your own articles in TA¢ Times to bo
true!
A. That 13 a professional secret,
Q. Do you know ay more about these frauds than alg
the rest of the world 4
A. No, I don’t. (Here Mr. Jones became extremely
violent, and seized an ink-stand with the apparcut jnten
tion of throwing it at oue of the jnrymen, Mr, Isaac J.
Oliver, A pail of water being poured over him, hie grew
calmer; but his answers ro the subsequent questions
were soniew hat incoh rent.)
Q. When you said that Hall was a swindler, did you
gpeak from positive knowledge t
A. There 18 a difference between me as George Jones
and me us The Times.
Q. Well, then, aid yon, KDeiing nr The Times?
A. Tean’t tell you anything about the interior workings
of The Times.
0. Did yon ar George Jones?
A. I can’t tell you auny thing ubout the interior workings
of George Jones.
Q. Whyt
A. Isanight disgrace. me,
Q. Can you refer ne to anybody who dees know anys
thine
A. Not in onr office,
Q. Ldid n't suppos: you could fn your office; but cnt
I wt
A Yon see there 18 4 Aifamanan hasten an min ax (lo ron
(3. 18, You need not mind that any more. Which are
yout now, at this moment?
A. Tam The Times now,
Q. Well, did The Times tell the uth when it said that
it had proof of Hall's thefis}
A. Oh, Ieun't tell you anything about The Tomes. 1
am only George Jones,
Q. Did George Jones, then, tell the truth?
A. Tean’t tell you anything about him. T am not
Gorge Jones Tam The Times. You see there isa dif
ference between me as George Jones and
[Were Mr, Jones, sitting on ihe SHgo of a table, and i
Justrating his argument by foreible demon tration. win
the thuwib of bis vicht hend upon the open nalbm of os
left, became so protoundly Phitoswpkie thar the Poporter
lost the thread of tire discourse. He had bec smo bk ne
about ten minutes, when several jurymen interrap ol
nim, and Proposed to send for the viher editors ol ie
Times, On Mr. Joncs's remarkiug that they were aim
Ike him, this suggestion was hastily aban loved, Foe
witness was then dismissed, In the lobby he was hood
to remark that he nad given “most damainzevide i”
against Hall,” and if the jury faved to Lud a trae hil?
they “were all Tammany Republican:.”)
elie
THE TESTIMONY AGAINST BALL.
[ILLUSTRATION OF THE LOOsE WAY OF DoING
BUSINESS IN Tilk CONFROLLIGS OFFICE—
WHAT Mii, O'BRIEN MAD To Do WITH THE
EXPOSURE OF THE FRAUD>— TIE MAYOR
SIGNS WARRANTS WITHOUT LOOKING Al
THEM,
I'he testimony before the Grand Jury in the
case of Mayor Hall, a portion of witch we have pub
lished as illustrating the ignorance of one of the princi
pal witnesses, and the one who has made the gravest
charges against the accused, coutalns absolutely nothing
new to the public. But the report illusivatos ig a very
significant way the loose manner of condueting husiness
in the City Government, and the extiacts which ard
given below suggest the necessity of reform in the
strongest language, The witnesses examined were An
drew H. Green, who knew nothing of his own person
knowledge of facts implicating ae vor Hall; AK. Cad?
who revealed some of the frre mluritics of the Con
troller's Department Henry F. Spauldiog, of the Cow
mittee of Seventy, who swore to nothing positive 5 Win,
8, Copeland, who revealed Senator O'Brien's eonncetion
with the substraction of copies of, the books; Danicl
Tyrrell, a carpenter, who estimated the Court-House
work Mr. Wm. F. Havcneyer, formerly Mayor, who
told how business was formerly conducted weder his aa
ministration, and showing a great contrust between
those days of honest conduct and the prexent of fraud
Richard A. Storrs, of the Controller's Ofilee, who tol
how O’Brien’s agents had secured the figures ilustratink
the frauds Henry G. Stebbins, formerly Commissioner
of Central Park, who knew vothiug about the complaint
except its general nature Jackson N. Schultz, 8. W. Til
den, Thos. A. Ledwith, Jon H. Masterson, James
O'Brien, who knew nothing except what he saw pub
lished fn the newspapers: Arthur T. J. Rice, a paying
‘teller of the Broadway Bank; A. L, Brown, Mr. Hall's part
per, who told something about lis property and wealtls:
Edward Bull; Robert B. Paluer, cashier of the Tenth
National Bank; William A, Booth, Chairman of the
Committee of Citizens; Charles W. Lawrence, and Ed
ward W. Baxter. Apnended is a portion of the ov
dence:
A LOOSE WAY OF DOING BUSINESA,
A. 8. Cady, Clerk of Arrears in the County Bovgan of
the Auditor's Otlice, sworn
Q. Will you state to the Grand Jury what Jou call that
list of items [paper shown) do you call that an account
A. An account or bill against the county.
Q Whose bill isis 1 A. This isa bill of Keyser Co.,
for furnishing chandeliers, brackets and fixtures, etc.
the first date is October 20, 1889 the last December 26,
18069 the amount of 1s bill is $35,451 18,
will xu state, after the bill 1s presdneed at the Con
r's Olico by the claimant, what ia the first think
thing that is done with it} A. It comes into the bands
of the Auditor, who examines the bill
S Whnt in Ji. the duty of the Audiiar 10 40 A. Toex
amine the bill inal yargoulars—oxientions footing, ete.
You 1nean by that be examines all the itews of the
bill? A. All tho'ltews un the bin.
Q. Now, after he examined the items of the bill
sesutning that he finds x allright, what is she next think
the Auditor does 1 A. He approves it, putsing tho sta p
on ths fuce of the bill aud writing bis name across the
“Q What is that stamp that he putsgn it! A. Itis an
approval, iu substance, of the MiPand’ directing its pay
mens, v +4
give it to it reads1VA. City of New.
Yo Sr tmont of Finance, examined by me aud
found correct;” thea signed, James Watson, Auditor of
the County Bureau.”
What next i» gue! A. The warrant is drawn.
Now, Sir, who we that warrant! A. They ure
usual a by the Auditor or the bookkeeper.
Q if the'Fookfospes draws it, under whose direction
does he draw it! A. Updeg Qf Rertion of the Auditor.
Noé the Controller So, S10
The bil) having been ed, this certificate put
upon it, and tho warrant filled up for the amount that it
foots up, Wiad is the nexs thing that is dene Wilh that
THE MAYOR'S CASE.
TIE JONFS INOUFST