8
TURKS OF TUB RKPUBLIUAN.
AiLY—Three cents; by oarrtem, 17 sente wwk;
TO cents month; by mall. SS year—U ooplsw
BRM Wbbklv—4 cents; 84 year -10 oopb-n 830.
WaaKtT— ooentenWayear; 10copies817.60; 41,836.
Samuel Bowies A Company. Publisher
Gljf Republican.
holier lo WubM-riberM.
Penont desiring to renew their subscription* to
The Republican, will oblige the publisher* and con-
Milt their own interest*, by sending in their names a
early as convenient before the expiratkn of their
present subscriptions. There will thus be no inter*
mission in the s ndiug of the paper, and no numbers
will be lost, as is frequently the case when subscrib
ers delay sending a renewal and then order back
number?, which it is often impossible to supply. The
date of expiration will be found with each subscrib
er’s address on the margin ot the paper, and. mile s
direction* to the contrary are received, thepapcr will
bo stopped promptly at the expiration of the time
for which it is paid.
NEW ENGLAND NEWS ITEMS
Bprioßdeld nod Vicinity.
Dr George F. Jelley of Salem, formerly of.this
citv, lias been apoointed superintendent of the
McLean insane asylum at Somerville, in place of
Dr Tykr, resigned.
The construction of the Billings memorial
chapel in the Springfield cemetery, which is to
cost $25,000, has been deferred till next year, but
will begin early in the spring.
Upwards of $200,000 of the city tax of $344 000
was collected before October 21, the sum of $75,-
000 being taken on Friday, the 20th, which was
the last day of grace to save the discount.
Dr Wilbur and others have formed a company
at Chicopee for the manufacture of paper, and
will at once commence budding. They will erect,
this fail, one building 50 feet square and an
other 100 by 25 feet.
The trains of the new Athol and Enfield rail
road allow people in those towns to leave home
in the morning, spend about three hours in this
citv, and return home the same day—a conve
nience wh.ch they are beginning to appreciate.
Capt Emerv Parker, who, with Capt Cooley,
has so many years done the shad fishing at
Double Ditch, died at his homo in Agawam on
Saturday from an apoplectic fit, in which be
fell while rowing with a son across the Connecti
cut. He was 59 years old, and left several chil
dren to mourn his loss.
Taere are now 115 offenders at the Hampden
county jail and house of correction, the largest
number imprisoned at one time for many months.
Among the l e arrivals from out of town is W.
H R der f Wilbraham, committed in default of
SSOO bail to await trial at the December term of
the superior court for adultery.
Acples arc ju-rnaw coming to this market in
great abundance. 'Over 5000 barrels arrived,
last week, from New York state and Michigan,
two firms receiving2ooo barrels carb; and this
w.eii 5000 barrels more will lie received. One
fi-m has 430 barrels ordered from Quincy, 111.
The jobbing price is about 84 50 per barrel. This
makes business for the railroads west, while the
southern route from this city is crowded with
coal cars, bringing to the up-river cities and
towns their winter supplies of anthracite.
The Republican is having built, by Hoe
C., one oi their best four-cylinder rotary presses,
capable of printing 10,000 sheets an hour, and
wili have it up and running with the New Year.
This will be the first press of the kind ever set up
in Massachusetts out of Boston, and Providence
is the only other place in New England that has
one. They are expensive little necessities of a
large circulation and the desirability of keep
ing a modern and live daily pap;r open to the
last moment and then printing it in the shortest
possible time, for they cost “a matter” oi $25,000.
A new dress of type will accompany the new
press in the service of The Republican.
Aug istine Burt, the bookseller who was so
savagely as-hnfted and robbed of SBO, Monday
nigb>, on Pearl street, was suffering severely from
his wounds on Tuesday, though be managed to
sit up a part of the day. His left check
bone is broken, his head is swollen, and he is
quite lame from his struggle with the thrives
The two ruffians who assaulted him were
youngerly mon, and the neighbors say
the same fellows had been seen hang
ing about the place several times during the
evening. The first man to go to the rescue of
Mr Burt was Henry Keyes, who heard his cries
of murder, but the assailants had fled before be
could reach him. A dirk with a blade six inches
long was picked up on the scene of the encoun
ter, Tuesday morning. People in that vicinity
are loud in their demands for a larger police
force, and the measure of the city council looking
to that end will receive the hearty approval of ali
our citizens.
The civil term of the superior court commenced,
Tuesday morning, with Judge Putnam of Bos
tonoo the bench. Kev Dr L K Tnayer of this
city offered the opening prayer. The morning
was chiefly spent ia impaneling the juries, sc
follow
First jury—Bildid B. Belcher of Chicopee (fore
man; John Berry, John A. Bolen and .Sharon P.
Chapin ofbpringlield, Sylve.t-r Bliss of Longmea
dow, Samuel White of Ludlow. Andrew Campbell,
2d, of Westlie <l, Charles H. Chase and John B. Cha
pin of Chicopee. George A. Clark of Holyoke, B- W.
Colton of w est Springfield, and H B. Co kof Bland
ford.
Second jury—W. C. Sturtevant (foreman). Ae'la
Greene, E. R. Le,F. A. Judd and Louis F Kou
viere of Springfield, H. S. Stiles and H S. Parsons of
Glanvil e, Lathrop Lee of Southwick, S. it. Johnson
of Fe-ding Hill-, Reuben Smith of Monson, and
Samuel Indicott of South Wilbraham.
Supernumeraries—John Warrinerand Nelson Witt
of Springfield, w Uliam B. Whiting of Holyoke, and
Amos a. cone of Chester.
The superior court, Wednesday morning, took
np the case of Finn against the Western railroad,
which was continued from Tuesday, and gave it
into the hands of the jury soon after noon. Alter
a short deliberation, a verdict of *1303, the full
amount claimed, was returned in favor of Finn,
The afternoon session was occupied with the old
case of Norris Swetland against the Boston ami
Albany railroad, to recover damages for a car
load of apples, which were fr ten while being
transported from Canandaigua to Springfield in
December, 1867.
Wc.lera JlnKsncbiiHetu.
The class day elections at Williams college are
as follows: President, L D. Woodbridge of Perth
Amboy, N. J; orator, W. H. H Tuttle of Little
ton; poet, S. B. Griffin ot Williamstown; ivy
orator, J. L. Tapper of North Granville, N. Y.;
library orator, L. C. Eaton of Brooklyn, N. Y
address to the president, Laac Henderson of New
York; address to the lower clashes, F. M Ketch
um of Indianapolis, Ind historian, F. W. Fiske
of Southbridue; prophet, G. H. Thompson of!
Crawford, N. Y chairman of the committee of
arrangements, Joseph Berens of Philadelphia;
marshals, G. B. Abbott and Fisher .Howe, both i
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; toast master, F. Huntington
of Cincinnati, 0 secretary, F. W. Fiske of I
Southbridge.
An attempt was made to break into Monson
bank i n Wednesday night. A heavy piece of
scantling and an iron bar was used to force open
the door, and the sash of one of the windows also
bears marks which show that it was tampered
with. The secure fastenings, however, prerented
the entrance of the would-be burglars, and even
had they broken in, it would have been next to im
potsib.c to enter the vault or the burglar proof
safe within.
Thomas Morrissey and John Hayes of North
ampton, and James Diven of North Hadley, were
arrested, Wednesday, on charge of attempting
rape upon the person of Mary Ann Welch, a girl
or 17, aim mid in 42000 to appear for examina
tion at Northampton,
Tiie funeriu or Kev Caarlci J. Hinsdale of I
Biandi rd, accidentally killed on Tues
day, was largely atter.del on Friday after
noon i.t the Congregational church, where he of
fieiatw so long. The present minister, EevM-
Main, i 11, Bev Dr S. G. Buckrngbatu of thia ci’y,
I and others, participated in the services, which
were of deep and solemn Interest to hla old par-
I lihloners and wide circle of acquaintances, who
were present. Rev Mr Hinsdale, a* became a
mln stcr of the gospel, though saving of his
wealth, dispensed freely of his goods to aid the
I needy, and manv a poor man will mbs him.
his reported that the Newtons are making
urepsrations to erect another new paper mill at
Holyoke, next spring.
Louis Walfe, P thtield confectioner, who
I sleeps over bis store on West street, lately learned
I a severe lesson on the Intrinsic worthlessness of
our paper money. Having left about S6O in
greenbacks in bis drawer over night, the rats got
into it and so effectually went through it as to
entirely destroy one-half the amount. Since then
burglars have ’broken into the store and robbed
the drawer of S2O or more, and Mr Walfe begins
to realize that riches have wings
An unhappily mated couple recently returned
to Worcester after living some years in Calitor
nla, but soon afier separated, the busband going
to Fall R ver. Recently, however, he went back
to hrs wife and pretended lo make up, but next
morning disappeared, taking with him their
oldest child, three rears of age He was traced
to Boston, where it was ascertained that he had
paid the passage ol the child to Queenstown in
i the steerage of a Cunard steamer, (falsely star
ling that friends were in waiting to care tor it,)
and that rhe passengers voluntarily took care of
11:, and on its arrival in Queenstown placed it in
charge of the authorities. The distracted mother,
having secured from Chief Justice Chapman a
decree giving the custody of the little one to her,
I will leave for Queenstown on the next steamer to
I reclaim it.
i The Fitchburg railroad has been tes ting a curved
smoke stack, designs d to prevent the flying of
cinders, and the experiment is considered a sue
cess.
A man named A. H. Davenport, while at work
on a building in Fitchburg, Friday, fell from the
ridge-pole, a distance of 42 leet, and was instantly
killed.
Mrs Daniel Grady of Clinton, who was recently
i crushed between two cars at Palmer, has died of
i her injuries.
The extension of the Ware river railroad will
be comoleted to Winchendon in two months.
I The extension will not be leased to the New Lon
don Northern railroad; and an effort will be
I made to wrest from that road its lease to Ware.
The reasons given by the students at Amherst
college for ooposing the admission of women are
verv childish and feeble. They are that the pres
i ence of women students would lead to an increase
I of burdenseme laws and regulations; that the
fair ones would entice men from study; and that
I their matriculation would lower she standard ot
the college course. As to the last statement, ell
I experience proves the contrary. In academies
i waere the two sexes study together the girls al
i wavs take the lead and show themselves the
j brightest scholars, and the Amherst students
would find the same thing true if women were
I admitted there. And as for more burdensome
I rales aad regulations, the tendency is to have
fewer rules at all our higher institutions of learn
ing, and the mingling of the sexes would make
:no difference in this respect. If the Amherst
I boys can find no better reasons than these for de
nying college privileges to their sisters, they bud
better not give any.
The teller of the Mahaiwe national bank of
I Great Barrington has absconded, with funds of
the bank amounting to at least 825,000. It is
said that he took the cars at Pittsfield on Satur
day for Boston. A reward of SBOOO is offered
1 for his capture.
A valuable horse and carriage belonging to
David C. Smith of Dalton were stolen, Sunday
night. The horse took the first premium at the
late agricultural fair in Pittsfield, and the thief
fully indorsed the decision of the committee who
awardedit. If premiums are to serve as adver
tisements to horse thieves, the disappointment
of those who fail to get any will be greatly less
ened.
The product of the sugar beet experiment
rs th.. Amherst agricultural college, has
at tne Amuerst agricultural cunege,
been 4000 bushels of beets from five acres.
Apparatus has been fitted up on a small scale,
for the manufacture of the sugar, of which some
of the finest granulated has been produced. The
beet (the French sugar-beet) yielded 18 per cent
in sugar, while all the nutritive parts are left for
feed to stock. All that comes from the ground is
left to be put again in the ground,thus continually
enriching it. Sugar-beet raising is profitable when
the beets yield 7 percent of sugar. President
Clark is confident that he can plainly show that
beet raising will be a profitable branch of farm
ing.
John Rand, a man about 40 years old was
killed in Nelson Purple’s barn at West North
field on Saturday by jumping from a scaffold and
running the stale of a pitchfork into his abdo
men. He had only been in Mr Purple’s employ
a short time, and nothing was known of his fam
ily antecedents.
The commissioners on the location of the new
union depot at Worcester, made their report to
the supreme court in Boston, Monday. The re
port favors the location advocated by ths city
and by the Boston and Aib my railroad, cast of
Graftcn street and within 1500 feet thereof. This
decision gives general satisfaction in Worcester,
“util is expected that the different roads center
ing ’here, with the exception of the Boston and
Albauy,will oppose the proposed location, in case
the report is adopted by the supreme court, and
is is very probable that the subject will come up
again in the Legislature, next winter.
The Hoosac mountain was covered with snow
on Friday.
Amherst college news: Dr Willard Parker of
New York, on his recent visit to Amherst, gave
the students a lecture on the use of alcohol and
tobacco, arguing that they increased sickness in
life 10 times, and, besides, shoriened life on an
average from 10 to 20 years.—The new chapel is
not to be occupied until a pulpit and organ are
in and paid for, neither of which the present
funds allow of. About SBOOO is needed for this
purpose.—The interest on the ministerial fund
amounts to $4550 yearly; the scholarships paid
in, only eight of which are class scholarships,
amount to $3730; and the prizes foot up $964
more, making a total of 89244, which is dis
tributed among the students annually, mostly in
charity. Only about one-fourth of the scholar
ships are paid in; when they are, they will give
150 students SIOO a year apiece.
The bouse and barn of Samuel A. Small jin
West Millbury was burned, Monday evening;
loss $12,000, insurance $9,000. A partially idiotic
brother of the owner rushed into the house and
was burned to death.
Prof W> K. Dimmock of Williams college made
a report of the needs and resources of that insti
tution to a coterie of its alumni and friends at
Boston, Monday night. He stated, what is uni
versally conceded, that the character of its present
i faculty is superior to that of any that has pre
ceded it, while the same is true’ of the library,
apparatus and general facilities for instruction.
No college in the country, except Harvard, does
so much for the pecuniary assistance of its stu
dents. But while in a bread view the pros
pact is hopeful, like ali similar institutions, it
i needs money, not so much to keep it from sink
ing, as to keep it fairly abreast of sister colleges
lin the enlarged educational field. The power
that Williams has wielded with small means is a
sufficient guarantee that larger bequests would
be worthily and profitably employed.
Wi liam Somers, residing on the Taylor place
on the South Hadley plains, entered a com
plaint at South Hadley Falls, Tuesday evening,
that his wife bad attempted his life. Officer
Woodard thereupon arrested Mrs Somers, and on
Wednesday morning an examination was held
before Justice Dwight at the Falls, when the facts
came to light, as follows: On Tuesday evening
of last week Somers came in to tea, but was told
to go out by his wife, as it was not quite ready.
He did so and was called in a moment after,
when be found the tea poured for him. He drank
a portion of it, but didn't like the taste, and soon
afrer, becoming sick, he began to suspect the tea
had been drugged. On Wednesday morning Mrs
Somers, who is the “better horse” of the pair,
made him drink some more of the tea, saying it
was the best she bad ever made, and he must
drink it. He was again sick .and went for Dr
Hitchcock, who pronounced the symptoms those
ri a cate of poison, but the wife being sick with
similar symp oms, and the family being pretty
low in the social scale, not much not cewas taken
of the matter. The doctor however secured a
portion of the tea ior iuture analysis. On Mon
s ay evening Bcmers, being a little better, walked
out, and on Uis return was met by his spouse at
TIIE SPRINGFIELD WEEKLY REPUBLICAN: FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1871.
the door with a savage-looking knife about a toot
long. Sho made a lunge at him, but he dodged
the blow and got away front her. The knife was
shown at the trial, as also the Ma, which bad set
tled, precipitating a white sediment, which, if
arsenic, would lie sufficient to kill two men. Mrs
Somers was neld to appear for trial, and, in de
fault of a friend to furnish the $1290 bail requir
ed, will probably go to Northampton to wait and
reflect. Both parties are young, the woman,who
is the elder, being apparently not over thirty, al
though she has already had several husbands,
some of whom have disappeared in a mysterious
manner.
Besides the five settled clergymen at Bernard
ston, there are right exclcrgy men who reside in
the town as farmers, mechanics and gentlemen
at leisure.
The large farm barn of Mrs Richard Hennesey,
on Cov’s Hill, in Warren, was destroyed by tiro
about'2 o'clock, Wednesday morning, with 10
tens of hay, grain, farming tools, oarriages, two
horsesand several swine; insured for SIBOO in
the Worcester Mutual. The tire was incendiary
J. J. Grant of Greenfield has patented a die for
cutting screw threads.
Cider is $lO a barrel in the Pittsfield mar
ket.
The mountains west of North Adams are on
tire, the locality being that designated as the
“Bear swamp/’and a large amount of spruce
timber has been destroyed. The mountain on
the east side of the Hoosac mountain has been
sot on fire by the locomotive used in the east end.
The fire in Clarksburg, which came near Joseph
Nixon’s house, was stopped by digging a trench
and starting a hack fire.
The shingles put upon the roof of the house of
Lucius Ninis of Greenfield, 63 years ago, were
j removed last week, and found to be in quite a
good state of preservation. They lasted almost
I as long as the chestnut rails of the old farmer,
who said ‘‘good chestnut rails would last 100
years, he knew, for he’d tried it himself, over and
over again."
A building off Franklin street, Westfield, own
t ed by Alonzo Whitney, and variously occupied,
was burned, Thursday morning; loss S6OOO, part
ly insured.
Eastern Jlasanchu sella.
Prof J. D Whitney of the mining school at
Cambridge has gone to California with bis
family to continue work upon the geological sur
vey of that state, under his charge. He expects
to be able to complete the field work of the sur
vey in another year.
Capt Knowlton’s narrative of the manner
in which he gained possession of the schooner E.
A Horton shows that be has the traditional
Yankee pluck and enterprise, though it may have
been somewhat misdirected. When he learned
that his vessel had been seized and taken to
Guysboro, N. S., he left Gloucester, unknown to
any one.and went to that place with the determi
nation to get her back if possible. Under the
guise of a quartz-mine prospector, in which em
ployment his experience had been quite large, he
established his headquarters at a private house
about six miles from Guysboro, and spent his
days in examining specimens of quartz which
were brought to him,and his nights in spying out
the land. When he had completed his plans and
had obtained soundings of the rivers, he went to
Little Canso, six miles from Guysboro,where was
an American vessel, and obtained six seamen
willing to help him in his adventurous undertak
ing, and after a long and circuitous journey
smuggled them into Guysboro. Three
nights later, he went with his men
to the wharf, broke open a store
house and took the Horton’s sails, seized the
ship and put to sea. The passage was very
stormy, and the crew had all they could do to
keep themselves from being washed overboard,
while the vessel was steered wholly by dead reck
oning, since they had no instruments except a
compass. The captain says that he expected to
be pursued, bnt had determined to burn his ship
rather than have it fall into English hands a
second time. The citizens of Gloucester gave
him a public and very enthusiastic reception at
the town hall, Thursday night, and presented
him a purse of SIOOO to defray some of the ex
penses he had incurred.
The coroner’s jury in the case of James Hack
ett, the pauper who killed himself by jumping
from the cars while being taken to the Tewks
bury alms-house, have returned a verdict in
which, as they ought, they censure the board of
directors of public institutions of Boston for
sending state paupers on the railroads without
placing them in charge of some suitable person,
whose sole business it should be to
see that they reach their destinaton safely.
The testimony shows that when he left Boston,
Rackett was calm and apparently rational, al
though Policeman Crocker, who took him to the
depot, considered it unsafe to leave him without
watching; that before he leaped from the train,
he had been sitting on the platform of one of the
cars; that the train was not stopped, although a
brakeman was sent back from the next station to
search for him; and that Mr Stevens, who bad
him in charge, was in the smoking car playing
euchre. Had Stevens and the railroad conductor
been censured, as well as the Boston authorities,,
the jury would have more completely performed
their duty.
Not a case of small-pox or varioloid is now
known to exist within the city limits of Lowell,
and only about 50 patients are now at the hos
j pital.
I Collector Russell of Boston sailed on Saturday
i for Fayal, accompanied by his wile and daugh
i ter. He hopes to return early in December in
i improved health.
I Tremont street, Boston, is to be widened from
Park street to Boylston, by adding to it a slice
from the Common.
A movement has started at Hingham for a
plain but massive monument for the late Gov
Andrew, whose remains are interred in that town,
without a stone to mark the place.
Rev. J. C. Lovejoy, well known from his ex
pose of the operations of the state constabulary,
died suddenly at Cambridgeport, last week, of
congestion of the brain.
Dr J. J. B. Vermyne of New Bedford has re
ceived from Jules Favre the cross of the Legion
of Honor for services at Sedan and Bordeaux.
The schooner Marv H. Banks, from George
town, D. C., for Wareham, went ashore near
Nantucket on Sunday. The crew and one lady
passenger were saved by a lifeboat.
The arrivals of vessels at Boston, during nine
months of the present year, exceed those of the
same period, last year, by 447, showing a con
siderable increase in the foreign commerce of that
city.
Gilmore’s old coliseum at Boston was a baby
I comp Mid with the one he is going to erect at
Boston for his big jubilee, next June. The plan
contemplates a building 822 feet long by 422 feet
broad with a tower 240 feet high rising from the
center. The side towers, of which there will be
j four, are each 167 feet high. The building, which
will cover eight acres, will have seating accom
modations for 125,000 people and will be located
on the Back bay near the Providence railroad
and not far from the foot of Newton street.
Mrs Bigelow-Taylor-Montgomery, who married
I Walter Montgomery, the aetor, returned to Bos
j ton, last Monday, in the Parthia, and is now liv
ing with her husband, Arnold W. Taylor, in that
i city.
‘‘A gentleman whose scientific attainments
have made his name a household word in all
lands,” has been investigating the social evil at
Boston, and finds that a large proportion of the
‘‘soiled doves” trace their fall to influences that
met them in the public schools of that city.
The unpleasantness between the new town of
Ayer (Groton Junction) and Dr Ayer, the patent
medicine man, who named it, is still unremoved.
The doctor insists that his gift of SIO,OOO shall
be used as a school fund, while the town ungrate
fnlly refuses to accept it with this condition, if,
indeed, it will with any at all.
The Chicago fire has aroused Boston, as well
as many other cities, to a realization of the need
of a greater supply of water, and they are talk
ing of drawing from the Merrimac. But the
present city engineer is said to be so incompetent
that nothing can be done until a change is made
in that office.
It is the boast of New Bedford that there is not
an open bar in the city, and that every person,
rich or poor, who has been found engaged
in the liquor Traffic, has been arraigned
lor so doing. Mayor Richmond said be would
enforce the liquor law, and he has kept his
word.
It v Thomas Sculley of Cambridge has sued
the Boston Herald for $20,000 damages for libel
in accusing him of Illegally selling a cemetery
at North Bridgewater, while executor of the will
of a Catholic clergyman of that place.
Eben Trask. Jr., of Beverly, who was recently
held for trial for adultery, at Salem, has since
married the woman, but having already a wife
in New Hampshire, will now be tried for bigamy.
The simple expedient of driving down an Iron
pipe saved the life of Levi Blanchard, who was
burled iu a well at Melrose on Monday It was
three hours before be was rescued, but the pipe
gave him air to breathe, and he will recover.
In spite of the small-pox the Lowell mills are
running on full time and with full hands. If
any of the girls have been driven away by the
epidemic, plenty have come to take their place.
All restrictions on public gatherings have now
lieen removed, and the disease is regarded as
stamped out.
The latest manufacturing enterprise at Fall
River is a baiting company, of which the capital
stock has been all taken up, and a three-story
brick building will be built at once for a factory.
The American print works company are about
to erect another cotton mill near their present
mill at Mount Hope village.
Nuho as Elcock, William Sullivan, Frank
McDonald and Thomas Lally were on Tuesday
sentenced to four years each in Dedham jail for
robbing the Quincy post-otlice, and James Daly
to three years. All four are under 18 years of age.
Tne store of George Goodnow Co wholesale
liquor dealers at Boston, has been regularly and
systematically robbed for the last ten months of
liquors, groceries, etc., by the porter, Samuel H.
Puritan, and a well-known thief named Frank
Bean, who have been arrested and held for trial.
Puritan confessed that they had for some months
supplied three saloons with liquors, and gave the
names of the proprietors, who have also been ar
rested. The robberies amount to several thou
sand dollars.
It is proposed to build a narrow guage railroad
from Brighton, through Brookline, to Boston.
'Die body ot a young woman named Kafe Lee
han was found lying on a sidewalk in Boston,
Wednesday morning, showing from its mutilated
condition that she had been the victim of a bru
tal and probably premeditated murder. A stone
weighing 15 or 20 pounds was embedded in her
skull, ind near bv lay a stove wrench covered
with blood, while'the locality gave evidence of a
severe struggle. There were also indications that
she had been outraged. She was in company
with another young woman during Tuesday
evening, from whom she parted at half past 9,
after leaving a store where they had met several
young men. Patrick Maloney, Daniel Leonard
and James Howe have been arrested on suspicion
of being the murderers and will be held to await
the coroner's investigation.
The sad news comes from Paris that the insan
i'y of Rtv W. R. Alger of Boston is of a type
beyond the hope of cure.
The state liquor agency at Boston was very
poorly patronized during the year ending with
October 1. Only thirty-nine cities and towns
bought any liquor there, the other three hundred
being able to ‘do better," no doubt. The thirty
nine took $58,793 worth, making the sales nearly
$100,006 less than the year before, and the ex
penses of the concern were $11,124. If Butler
had been made governor the agency might have
had a good run of business for the ensuing year.
As it is, its prospects are not encouraging, and
tiie Legislature, when it meets, cannot do a bet
ter thing than to shut up the shop.
tname.
A Mr Hodgkins of Sebec, an old man of 75,
committed suicide, Friday night.
The barn of Mr Hodgdon ot Benton was burned
on Friday, and after the fire was extinguished
the remains of his little child, four years old,
were found in the ruins.
The governor and council have given a hearing
on the illegal voting in one of the Ellsworth
wards, the result of which will be to give the
election of sheriff, county clerk, and commission
er, to the republican instead of the democratic
candidates.
New Hampshire.
J. S. Tufts Co.’s earthenware manufactory
at Keene was totally destroyed, early Sunday
morning, by a fire, supposed to .be incendiary;
loss not less than S4OOO, insured for SIOOO. On
Sunday afternoon another alarm was caused by
the leaves and brush in a grove in the outskirts
of the village taking fire, but the flames were
promptlv subdued. Ou Monday, the American
house in the same place was found to be on fire
in an upper room, but prompt discovery prevent
ed much damage. The fire was burning in a
bundle of clothes iu a closet, and must have been
incendiary. The furniture of the room and some
clothing were burned, besides which there was
some damage by water.
The New Hampshire Orphan’s Home, located
on the Webster farm in Franklin, was dedicated
on Thursday. Addresses were delivered by Gov
Weston, Senator Patterson, Prof Sanborn of
Dartmouth college, Judge Nesmith, president of
the corporation and others. In the afternoon
and evening a fair was held which returned a
hardsome sum to the institution.
Claremont refused on Saturday, to vote SIOO,-
000 in aid of the Sugar river railroad.
Allen J. Wilden of Hinsdale committed suicide
on Saturday by hanging himself to the limb of a
tree, where he was discovered, the next morning,
by people going to church. Wilden has lived a
peculiar life, having several times threatened to
kill himself, and at times has been the terror of
his family, while for several days of late before
his death he seemed to be madly insane.
Six houses at Manchester were fired by incen
diaries on Sunday, and a three-tenement house,
belonging to John McGuinness, the house and
stable of James Fogg, and a small house owned
by F. Avbelellow, were destroyed; loss SSOOO
McGuinness and Fogg were insured for SIOOO
each.—lncipient traces of fires kindled in various
sections of the city were discovered in season to
prevent any serious damage. The people of the
city are greatly alarmed, and are organizing for
protection.
The governor and council have appointed John
W. Simonds of Franklin superintendent of public
instruction, in place of Joseph Kidder, declined;
and John S. Thompson of Cnncotd warden of the
state prison, vice John C. Pillsbury, removed.
Frank H. Hills of Keene has been nominated for
register of probate for Cheshire county.
The soldiers’ monument which was recently
dedicated at Keene was designed by Martin Mil
more of Boston, and cast by the Ames manufac
turing company of Chicopee. It is a bronze
soldier, eight feet high, with his musket resting
on the ground and supported by the right hand.
The dress is that of a soldier in the late war, in
cluding the overcoat, which prevents any appear
ance of stiffness. The pedestal is of Roxbury
granite.
Vermont.
N. C. Tabor’s barn in East Montpelier Wa3
burned on Saturday, with a quantity of hay and
grain and a pair of horses; loss S2OOO, small in
stirance. E. S. Dwinel's trotting horse “Happy
John,” valued at SIOOO, was burned to death, as
was a S4OO mare owned by C. S. Page of Morris
ville. The fire was incendiary.
The nostmaster at North Bennington was
somewhat embarrassed, the other day, on being
asked by a lady if there was a letter for “my cow."
Being disposed to treat her politely, he replied
that there was nothing for anybody’s cow. The
lady, being equally embarrassed and also dispos
ed to be polite, said she inquired for Mike Howe.
The Vermont Central railroad, with Alexan
drian-like rapacity, is now trying to lease the
New London Northern.
An extensive fire is raging on what is called
Ludlow mountain, near Ludlow, and several
hundred acres have been burned over, destroy
ing 700 cords of wood, all chopped and piled.
The fire is still raging, and the air is full of
smoke for miles around.
Rhode Inland.
The number of tax payers in Providence who
are assessed $50,000 has increased in ten years
from 192 to 112, showing a remarkable advance
in wealth, or a heavy advance in valuations.
Twenty-seven new cottages In Newport, rang
ing in value from $20,000 to SIOO,OOO, are to be
ready for occupancy next season.
Joseph G. Wilbur, a fisherman of Little Comp
ton, was washed overboard from a small boat
during a squall on Wednesday, and drowned. He
leaves a wife and two children.
Elward Scott, the candy peddler who was re
ported murdered near Danbury, is alive and well,
and is enjoying the rare pleasure of reading his
own obituaries.
A new iron foundry is being built at Valley
Falls, and a cotton mill is likely to be.
CwMaat 1 leui.
Alexander Montiroraery arid William H. Cool
ey, employes at a Norwich llt’ery stable, had a
trilling dispute on Sunday about hitching up a
team, and, about an hour afterward, while Cool
ev lav in a wagon reading, Montgomery hit him
on the temple, killing him instantly. Montgom
erv became greatly agitated on learning that be
had killed Cooley, and gave himself up to the po
lice.
Mrs Ryder of Norwalk is on trial before the su
perior court at Bridgeport, charged with causing
the death of Mrs Martha A. Stone, by an attempt
to procure an abortion.
It is announced that the Boston, Elartford and
Erie railroad will be completed as far as Willi
mantic, Ct., in four weeks. The trustees are hav
ing all portions of the road which are in need of
repairs attended to, and new bridges are rapidly
taking the place of old ones. Two new locomo
tives have been purchased, and all these improve
ments are paid for out of the earnings of the
road.
The daring and successful robbers who
operated at Woodbury on Thursday night seem
to have pretty much cleaned out the town. From
the safe of Curtiss Sons at Pomeraug they took
$27,000 in town bonds, SIO,OOO in notes and about
SISOO in currency. The loss of F. A. Walker
Co., who were tiurglarixcd at the same time, is
not exactly known, since books and memoranda
form a part of the robbers’ plunder, but it is
probably $20,000, only a small portion of which
is of any use to the thieves. Mr Walker is town
treasurer, and the stolen property includes town
papers and money, besides a large number of pri
vate deposits. No clew to the robbers has yet
been found.
The case of Eben Whittaker, who was assault
ed, robbed and almost murdered, near Meriden,
on Saturday night, excites much sympathy.
Whittaker bad been paid off that afternoon and
was returning from Wallingford, where he work
ed, to bis home in Meriden, when the assault
took place. He was horribly mauled, bis skull
being broken in at least two places, while he re
ceived as many as a dozen ugly gashes. On
Sunday night he was alive bnt the chances of his
recovery were small.
Dr Ira G Hamlin, a respected citizen of Meri
den, died of consumption on Sunday.
Norwich had a novel wedding, the other night,
in which John and Mary Pollock, about 50 years
of age, who were reared in slavery and have chil
dren 16 years old, were made one according to
the statute.
Henrv C Stanton of Stonington was sued by
Sarah G. Berry of Pawtucket for SIO,OOO dam
ages for breach of promise of marriage and se
duction, and two Stonington men became
his bondsmen to the tune of SIO,OOO. An attempt
being made to arrest him, a few days ago, for
procuring an abortion upon the girl at the hands
of a Providence quack, he fled by scaling a back
fence, and has not since been heard from.
The 25th annual meeiing of the American mis
sionary association began at Hartford on Tues
day. The report of the secretary of the execu
tive committee gave an encouraging report of the
work of the society during the past year,
especially among the freedmen of the South.
The total receipts of the year were $430,000, of
which $75,000 was in endowment funds.
Jennie Gaylord, a little girl at Terryville, was
killed, a few days ago, by a large cupboard fall
ing upon her, and her father was rendered so
nearly frantic by the event that he attempted sui
cide.
That child of misfortune, the Air Line railroad,
has received another blow by the town of Mid
dlefield refusing to furnish its proportionate aid,
and thus canceling the conditional obligations of
the other towns.
New Preston recently had a rousing meeting
in favor of a railroad from that village to New
Milford, and committees are soliciting subscrip
tions in the villages along the route. When
$75,000 is pledged, a company will be formed.
While a gas-fitter was searching for a leak in
a tailor-shop in the basement of a house in New
Haven, last week, there was a sudden explosion,
which tore down one side of the basement, de
molished the counter and two sewine machines,
and started the tailor on an aerial flight, which
was interrupted by the ceiling. The cause of the
explosion is a mystery, but an alarmist suggests
that it was due to the contact of fire with the ac
cumulation of sulphuretted hydogen gas gener
ated by the filth of sewers coming in contact with
the sea water; that the sewers ate full of it, and
that the city is liable to go up at any moment.
A well known justice of the peace subscribed
$5 to the relief fund, yesterday, and returning to
his office immediately, received the amount for
marrying a couple. Thus is virtue rewarded.
Another man was requested to contribute, but
declined, and within two hours heard that his
mother-in-law had come to stay a month with
him. Can any one hesitate which course to pur
sue?—[Norwich Bulletin.
At the annual town meeting in Enfield, it was
voted that at the adjourned town meeting on the
24th, to vote on the town high school and town
hall questions, the polls should be kept open
from 10 a. m. till 4 p. m. When the meeting
opened on Tuesday, however, the opponents of
the measures moved and carried an adjournment
till next April, so that no expression of the
wishes of the town was permitted.
LOCAL NOTICES.
French Kip Boots—the real ariiole, are on sale at
the Central Shoe Store.
Incidents of the Great Chicago Fins.—Send
by mail fifty cents to Alfred L. Sewell, Publisher,
Chicago, lU., and receive, post-paid, a copy of fils
book of Incidents of the Great Chicago Fire.
A strong application of the “Dollar Rewaiiß
Soap” cures Prickly-heat and all similar eruptions,
and instantly alleviates the bite of Musketos, Flear,
Bed-bugs, &c., Ac.
The Best Hair Dressing in the world is Lyon’s
Celebated Katbairon. It has been tested for over 20
years, and Is constantly growing iu favor. It not
only beautifies the hair, but causes it to grow luxu
riantly, and prevents it from falling out and turning
gray.
Yon are troubled with a bad breath. It annoys
your friends us well as yourself. You would like to
get rid of It, but eoarcely know what moans to adopt.
We will tell you. Use the fragrant Sozodont, it will
cleanse and beautify your teeth, and leave your
breath pure.
The Scientific American, in an al field tm Uhekfe
oils, March 4, 1871, says: “There are notable ex
ceplions, Of which we might mention Pratt’s Astrflj
Oil, an article which we have used for many years,
and found to be excellent In all respects. Moreover,
we have never heard of an accident arising from Its
nee”
The New England Conservatory of Music.
Boston, Mass, foremost and best of our American
Music schools, in which such artists as Zerratm,
l.ang, Parker, Paine, Whiting, Torrington, Budolph
sen Dud ey Buck, and others equally eminent, com
bine to elevate the study of the art, opens its Winter
Term November 23. See announcement In another
column, and send for its interesting circular.
Incidents of the Great Chicago Fire.—Alfred
L. Sewell, one ot the most widely known publishers
of Chicago, is collecting Incidents of the Great Fire,
to be published by him, in book form, at the earliest
possible day. Mr Sewell’s printing establishment and
business were entirely destroyed, leaving him at lib
erty to give Ills whole a.tention, for the present, to
this book, which will be one of thrilling interest.
Mall to him now, at Chicago, the price, fifty cents,
and he will send you a copy, post-paid, as soon as
ready.
BOHN.
In this city, 13th. a daughter to Will Moody.
In thh city, 23d, a daughter to Gwrge hunt, fore
man of the New York watch factory, and grand
daughter to Seth Hunt of Northampton.
In this city. 22d, a daughter (Minnie C.) to L. Wel
come Brown.
In this city, 23d, a daughter .o J. B. Demonb.
In this city, 23d. a daughter (Grace 1.) to E. B.
Beals, postal route agent on the Connegticut River
railroad.
Al East Granby, 31st, ion to Austin Htowxll.
Al Gill. 19th. a rtauuhtor to Aij.kn Halk.
At Wales, IStli, a daughter to Eixiab I. Brown.
At Athol, 18th, a son to llrnuv IhKDAina: 17th,
a son to T. 8. Parkxu; 19th, p daughter to Jonah
Bawin.
At West Granville, 20th, a son to Gkokiix H. At
kinr.
At West Springfield, 16th, a daughter to Aaron
Baim, Jr.; 20th. a dauirhter to Horack S. Mili.uk.
At Windsor Locks, Ct.. 16th, a son to Jamhh M.
At Conway, 18th, a daughter to FramOM How-
A At Hebron, Ct., 15th, a daughter to Rev Aaron W.
Fist.n.
At lee, 21st, a daughter to It. B. t oohwelt..
At Hctvoke, 11th, a son to Micbarl Halxy; 14th,
a son to D. B. Wino; a daughter to John Chal-
MKIIS.
At South Hadley Falls, 17th, a daughter to Edwin
C. Hanks. _ __
At Thompsonville, Ct ,18th, a son to Niles Pease;
17th, a son t® Daniel Mannino.
At Westfield, 14th, a son to Henrv Gaylord;
17111, a son to J. T. Thayer; a daughter to H. B.
Bartlett.
At North Adams. 16th, a son to W. H. Matson; a
daughter to G. R. Nash.
At Amherst, 11 til, a (laughter to C. C. Babkett.
At Northampton, 20th. a daughter to liteitAUD F.
Underwood and granddaughter to E. A. Lyman.
nAKSXIKV.
In this city, 18th, by Kev Dr S. G. Bucklugbani, M.
J. Kyan anil Lizzie F„ youngest daughter of the
late Sidney Koss.
In this city, 19th. by Rev A. K. Potter, Robert
Fitzbuoh and Maooib Thompson.
In this city, 19th. by Rev E. A. Reed, Homer P.
Crossett and Laura A., daughter of Munroe Bates.
At North Adams, 12th, William H. Brows and
Josie E. Rand.
At Warren. 18th, by Rev J. H. Moore, John JI.
Drake of Holland aud Lucy J., daughter of F.
Brigham.
At New Braintree. 10th, by Rev John Dodge,
Fred A. Lincoln of North Brookfielu and Lizzie
J. Pepper. _
At East Wevmouth, 18th. by Rev Francis Wagner,
Alvan B Stickney ot this city and Harriet E.,
daughter of Nathan Bates.
At Norwalk. Ct., by Kev Thomas G. Osborn, pre
siding elder ot Bridgeport district, Henry Stoker
of New Haven aud Mary E., daughter ot the officia
ting clergyman.
At South Deerfield, 14th, John Hunter and Ra
chel Shepard.
At Westfield, 15th, Oliver E. Herrick and Ar
vii la B. Root, both ot Russell.
At Southwick 17th, Rodney Pendleton of Chic
opee and Sofhkonia Fields of Granby. Ct.
At Ware 19ih, Daniel C. Collins of Hardwick
and Eva C. Knight.
At Buckland, 17th, Charles T. Willis of Hart
ford and Ella A. Pitkin; 18th, Reoinald A. Loo
mis ot Hartford and M. Jennie Cowles.
At Amherst, 11th, Hkni-.v 8. Moody and Mattie
Howard.
At Pepperell, llth, by Kev H. Parker, Joseph T.
Wood and Josephine Colburn, both of West
Brookfield.
At Whately. 18th, by Kev I W. Lane, Joseph
Billings of Hatfield and Gertrude, only daughter
of 11. B. Allis of Rochester, N. Y.
At Windsor Locks, Ct.. 17th, M. N. Malone and
Lottie E daughter of Gilb rt Drake of Southwick.
At New York, 19tli, Prof F. A. Rising, Principal
of the In-tituti in tor the Improved Instruction of
Deaf Mute and Augusta 8., daughter of'C. J.
Camp of w lusted, Ct.
At Hadley. 18th, by Rev E. S. Dwight, John W.
Thornton and Lizzie Billings, both of South Had
ley.
At Boston, 18th, J. L. Grandin of Tideonte, Pa.,
and Grace H., daughter of the late Selden Crockett;
Rev T. H. Stackpole, pastor of the Baptist church
at Westboro, and Julia L. France; Alston Par
ker and Adelaide daughter of Dr Reynolds.
At Amherst, 22d, Sandford H. Ball and Maria
McDermott.
At Somersville, Ct., ISfh.by Rev C. H. Gates, as
sisted by Rev G. A. Oviatt, George a. Converse of
the firm of S. C. Reynolds Co. and Amelia,
daughterofS. M. Billings.
At Shelburne Falls, 15th, Lemuel Gordon and
Nellie A. Ware.
At harlemont, 19th, Isaac Codding and LucyE.
Loomis, both of Savoy.
At South Windsor, Ct., 19th, Henry A. Slater of
Manchester, Ct., and addie A., daughter of Adren
Dart. _
At Monson 24th, by Rev W. J. Pomfret, George
B. Walker and Ellen Squier.
At Westfield, 23d, Henry W. Mans and Dora G.
Crocker.
At Williamsburg, 18th, E. M. Danks of Southamp
ton and M. A. Foist; E. T. Parsons of Easthamp
ton and C. G. Poist.
At Providence, R. 1., 18th, Prof Peter Collier
of the University of Vermont and Caroline P.,
daughter of the late Andrew A. Angell of Scituate,
K At Blandford, 24th, by Rev N. M. D. Granger,
Loom is C. Fap.ni; am and Sarah Janette Peebles.
At Lanesboro, 21th, Thomas Richardson of Ad
ams and addgi Reed.
at Charlemont, 24th, by Rev P. K Clark, Austin
L. Peck of Shelburne and Mary D. Hawks.
At Agawam, 25th, by Rev Ralph Perry, John S.
EDGCOMBot .Mystic, Ct., and Addie daughter of
J. H. Ferre. _
At Amherst, 25th, by Rev J. L. Jenkins. D. W.
Palmer and Abbie L. Whitaker; also, Richard
R. Peckham of Lyme, Ct., aud Olivia M., daughter
of Luther Miles.
At Saybrook. Ct., 18th, Edgar L. Smith of Hart
ford and Mary L., daughter of A. M. Sisson.
At Meriden, Ct., 24th, Frederic M. Hotchkiss of
Waterbury and Nellie A., daughter of B. L. Spen-
C< At Boston, 24th. Lucius B. Comins. Jr., and
Florence Skinner; 25th H. E. Spbagur of New
York aud Bariuet E„ daughter of W. W. Goddard.
At llartlord, 24th, Clarence B. Ingraham and
Virginia H.. daughterofE. M. Reed.
At Exeter, N. 11 23d. by Rev Edward Everett
Hale, Samvel Sinclair. Jr., of the New York Trib
une and Annie It. daughter of Charles Towle.
men.
In this city, 19th, Lucy P., 40, wife of William
Gunn.
In this city, ITh, Patuick Clary, 18.
In this city, 24th, Sabah L., 1, only child of Alan
son H. Pidge.
At. Chicopee Falls, 23d, Izett.i Anderson. 35.
At North Brookfield. 22d. Kev H. M. Smythe,
chaplain of the 9th regiment.
At South Wilbraham, 18th, Cyrena, 70, wife of
Ezra 11. Beebe.
At Pittsfield, 13th. Charles T. Smythe, 64; 15th,
Amelia Nichols 68.
At Chicago, 17th, Mrs Georgiana Hart, formerly
of Pittsfield.
At Westfield, 14th, Jons Callahan, 25; Samuel
Taylor, 85 _
At Dixon, 111., 15th, Curtis, 62, son of Thomas
Deming, formerly of Sandislield.
At Hinsdale, N. H„ 19th, Elihu Stebbins, 78,
father ol J. M. Stebbins of this city.
At Newburyport, 15th, Mrs Nancy S. Bartlett,
74, mother of Jasper Bartlett of Westfield.
At .Mansfield, Ct., 19th, Rodney Fobs, 84, father of
8 S Foss, publisher of the Woonsocket Patriot.
At Lynn, 11th, David Taylor, a well known citt-
Z At Holyoke, 14th, Josiah Ellison. 70.
At New Britain. Ct., 17th, Hattie B 30, wife of
Prof John H. Feck.
At Bloomfield, Ct., 6th, Catharine, 48, wife oi Jo
-B<!At Mansfield, Ct,. 15th, Dr Norman Brigham, 81,
a well-known physician.
At Elmira, N. 14th, Warren F. Sykes, 71, for
merly of Suffield, Ct.
At Brattleboro, Vt., 12th, Hattie Young, 18,
daughter Of the late George R. French.
At Northampton, 22d, William B. Coleman, for
merly Of Hatfield.
At Northampton, 21st, Alfred Tease, 59.
At Wilmington, Vt., 20th, Susan, 68, widow of
D a7 Hyde Park, 18th, Eliza. 84. widow of Thomas
Waite, formerly of Wilmington, At. Ihe remains
were taken to the latter place for interment.
At Gill nth. Henry Tuttle, 40.
At Saline Mich. 13th, Zeviah P., wife of David
Blackmer. formerly of Erring.
At Vernon, Ct., 19th, Fannie, 23. daughter of
Isaac Chester.
At Meriden Ct., 22d, Dr I. G. Hamlin, a promi-
H ,30th ult. Alice M„ 12, only
child of Daniel Smith; 13, Lampson How, 79.
At Amherst, 20th, Anna E., daughter of Frederick
J At Feeding Hills, 18th, Perry, 21, son of Timothy
H alladay.
At West Suffield, Ct., 16th, Dokus B. Snow, 36.
At West Northfield, 21st, Ella, 23, only daughter
of Elijah Stebbins of V(mon Vt.
At Thompsonville, Ct., 21st, William Ronald,
39, formerly a railroad engineer in Canada.
At Middletown, Ct., 22d, Amelia, 83, wife of Ben
a min W. Miller and mother of George S. Lewis of
jthis city.
At North Hadley. 23d, Mrs Lanis Chevalier.
At U ales, 12th, 'll ablet M. Nelson, 36.
At Cheshire, Ct, 11th, Mary Doolittle, 96.
widow of Amasa Doolittle, and the oldest person in
the place.
At Boston, 19th, Mrs Gen John S. Tyler.
At New Haven, 23d, John M. Davies, a well
known business man.
At Barnstable, 28d, George William Bond, 21,
son of Rev B. F. Edes. -i
At North Hatfield, 28d, Bathsheba Graves 71.
At Westboro, 22d, Aibert W. smith, 66, formerly
A prominent business man of Boston.
kt Boston. 23d, Ichabod Howland, 58, a well
known merchant,