jgrr #rto.*s ftejmMtam.
OFriCIAL JOURNAL OF THE UNITED STATES
NEW ORLEANS
MW ORLEANS, NOTBUU M, IBM.
Americans are said to be the greatest tea-1
drinkiag people in the world.
It is a queer woman who asks no ques
tions, but the woman who does is the
querist.
Secretary Fish went to New York for the
purpose of registering and casting his vote
on Tuesday.
The branch railroad from Terrebonne'
station to Houma will be completed by the
tint of next month.
General W. L. McMillen, of the Louisiana
State Senate is in the city, having returned
from a northern tour.
C. A. Weed, Esq., of the New Orleans
Time*, has returned to the city after sever*j
months absence. We welcome him home
Messers Louis Stern Sc Brothers sell to
day, at ten o'clock, at No. 16 Chartres
street, eight hundred cases boots, shoes and
brogans.
Thales, oue of the seven wise men of
Greece, said that the most universal posses
sion was hope, for they have it who have
nothing else.
When Mrs. Moore, of Indianapolis,
thrashed her husband, that afflicted man
took keen revenge by calling her "the
bride of lam-a-Moore."
Mr. Henry Thompson, of Enfield, Con
necticut, presented a bell to the Episcopal
church in that town, the first use which was
made in tolling the news of his death.
Anna Dickinson thinks the unmarried
woman-women have a vague idea that when
they get their "rights" they will one and
all be provided with husbands by process
of law.
in
a
his
by
and
and
Letter carriers are forbidden by the Post
master General to deliver their usual ad
dress.on New Year's Day, but are still ex
pected to show their usual address in de
livery.
Sealed proposals for the sale to the city
of six wharf bonds will be received at the
office of the Administrator of Finance until
Saturday, the eighteenth instant, at eleven
o'clock A. M.
The anniversary party of the Washington
Hook and Ladder Company No. 1 will take
place at the truck house, Algiers, to-mor
row evening. We are indebted to the
managers for a complimentary ticket.
Charles Lenox Remond, an eloquent col
ored orator, of Massachusetts, a fugitive
from slavery, and an earnest anti-slavery
politician for many years, was a Democratic
candidate for representative to the Massa
chusetts Legislature at the recent election.
A worthy woman in Iowa drove the reaper
through the harvest for he r husband, and
then closed her labors by taking a rake in
the shape of one of the farm hands, with
whom she departed to lresb fields and pas
tures new.
The St. Louis girls were so badly fright
ened by the experience of one of their num
ber who dislocated her neck while resisting
a kiss, that now they bold their lips in the
softest and most comfortable position when
ever they see a man anywhere near.
A story is told of a lecture before the
agricultural college students at Amherst,
on grape culture, in which the lecturer
presented a bottle of wine made from his
own grapes, and requested the class to sip
it to test its quality. The bottle only lasted
to the third man.
A little boy at Oconto, Wisconsin, during
the big fires, ran back to school to save his
books. His parents found him next day,
and, alter wiping some of him out of their
eyes, buried him in a sardine box. Dear
children, let this be a lesson to you neverto
go to school.
An ingenious wife in Des Moines has dis
covered the means of curing her lesser half
of snoring, and-it is this: She has a gutta
pen-ha pipe with cube-shaped ends; one
she puts over his nose and mouth, and the
other over his ears; thus he consumes his
■own noise as a stove does its smoke.
It is suspected that Theodore Tilton has
pun-based an interest in a hot house and a
jewelry store, for he says: "A man who
loves a woman, both her body and soul, for
time and eternity, will put upon her both
flowers and jewels, thereby equally to cele
brate his passing passion and his immortal
■lame.''
The plan for the consolidation of the
internal revenue collection districts, con
templated for some lime, will not be carried
■out the present fiscal year, except in one
or two districts where the work of the col
lectors has fallen off under the amended
law so as to absolutely necessitate a reduc
tion of the force.
The "Banker Poet," as Charles Sprague,
•of Boston, has been pleasantly named,
reached the round period of four score on
the twenty-sixth ultimo, fifty years having
elapsed since he became known far beyond
the limits of his native city by liis prize
ode, delivered at the opening of the Park
Theatre, New York.
Elizabeth K. Churchill well says that
neither God nor man expects a wife to sub
mit to brutality, but woman who, finding
herself outgrowing her husband, or disap
pointed in him, yet takes up tier cross and,
fitting her shoulders to it, bears it in silence
to her life's end, has joys that the world
knows not of, and reaches the highest type
of womanhood.
Some time since Commissioner Baker bad
his attention called to a remarkable order
given by Secretary Harlan, when Secretary
-of the Interior, the effect of which was to
place a large number of Cherokee Indians
on the pension rolls. Upon investigation he
liecame satisfied that nearly all these were
improperly granted, and he has suspended
payment on three hundred and two. The
matter is now under investigation.
The W ar Department signal service
weather map reports that the thermometer
at seven o'clock yesterday morning was 58
at Augusta, 06- at Cai^o, 03 at Charleston,
49= at Cincinnati, 07° at Galveston, 79
.at Key West, 06- at Louisville, 08- at
.Memphis, 70- at Mobile, 09° at Nashville,
60 at New Orleans, 30° at Pittsburg, 63
at Savannah, 03° at Shreveport, 07 3 at St.
and M° at Vicksburg. There was light
rain at Davenport, Iowa, Memphis, Nash
rille, Omaha and New Orleans.
A FSW THIHG8 TO BEFOUL
We have, on a former occasion, given
our reasons for urging upon the people a
general reform of the abuses which have
crept into our local political system. We
are very much in earnest in the matter,
and shall pursue the subject with all that
tenacity that characterized the Repcb
ucan in the dark days when we were
struggling almost unaided against the le
gions of enemies of freedom and equal
rights. Having lived to see oar hopes re
alized in regald to the former, we shall
now turn oar attention to the important
duty of instructing oar people in the
knowledge of political economy and true
reform. We shall hail with delight all
earnest and true co-laborers who may
help to work in the vineyard.
Some of oar contemporaries have fa
vored similar ideas and already shown a
disposition to lend a helping hand, and
not a few professional politicians are pre
paring to follow in our wake.
Among ttie more hopeful of reform
Among ttie more hopeful signs of reform
which have recently come to light are the
resolutions adopted by the Customhouse
central committee day before yesterday.
These resolutions were moved by Colonel
George W. Carter, Speaker of the House
of Representatives, and seconded by Lieu
tenant Governor Dunn, President of the
Senate. These two gentlemen occupy
positions which naturally give them a
very important influence over the Legis
lature, and make them valuable auxiliaries
in the good work, if they are sincere in
their professions, and will take hold with
a will and in good faith.
For instance, if Mr. Carter will stand by
his resolutions, we will not again be pained
by the spectacle which has once been wit
nessed at the close of a session of our
General Assembly. When it was stated
many of the members were intoxicated
and among others the Speaker himself,
and the greatest confusion prevailed for
two hours or more before the final ad
journment, and which condition of affairs
was taken advantage of by Speaker Carter
to declare various resolutions passed, au
thorizing committees to sit during vaca
tion, and to perambulate the State at an
expense of forty cents a mile. And on
the strength or pretense of which about
$200,000 in certificates have been issued
by him to various parties, himself com
ing in for a full share as a member
of some of these committees. If be
sticks to his good resolves, which he in
troduced in the central committee of the
late ticket convention, he will not at
tempt to use his official position to force
any company, for instance, like, the Levee
Company, to give him numerous shares of
stock and money under the pretense and
boast that he carried "the House in his
breeches pocket," and would defeat the
bill unless his interests were provided for
in consideration of his influence, which,
he said, was "worth more than the money
of the incorporators." If he sticks to his
new resolves we shall not expect him to
realize five thousand dollars from the sale
of legislative warrants as his part of the
profits of the sale. If he holds fast to the
new faith, we shall expect him to desist
from the attempt to take the control and
the property of the Waterworks away from
the city without its consent, and give them
to a crowd of his co-conspirators in the
movement We shall not fear that he will
again conspire with the Secretary of State
to fraudulently promulgate the Crescent
City Waterworks bill before it receives
lawful approval.
®*poct to co-operate in passing the
For all these things will be embraced
in the new and glorious reform of which
he is a professed disciple.
If Lieutenant Governor Dunn remains
faithful to his new resolves, which he so
ably seconded in the committee, we shall
bill introduced into the Senate last winter,
which provided for reducing the expenses
of the Metropolitan Police Department
four hundred thousand dollars per annum,
and which was delayed by his connivance
and was finally stolen, so as to defeat
action upon it. But this was before he
seconded Carter's reform resolution. And
we shall exjiect him to be satisfied with
his salary as Lieutenant Governor, and
lop off the $1000 he now receives as
president of the Metropolitan Police
Board; the $480 he receives as president
of the Senate, and the additional $480 he
draws as chairman of the veteran com
mission, etc.
If these two gentlemen remain steadfast
in their promises of reformation, and will
help on the good work, we shall expect a
sweeping reform on their part, and our
stockholders will not he called upon to
give them three hundred shares of the
stock of this company at their own es
'rnate of its value, or submit to be de
rived of our contract as public printers.
And if they are quite earnest and sin
cere in advocating reform in public ex
penditures, we shall expect that they will
not in the future, as they have in the
past, give every little Dunn and Carter
newspaper in the country a contract for
publishing the laws, and which involves
an annual expenditure of more Gy»n
$125,000. We shall expect the magnifi
cent State House scheme, which they
have originated, and, as- we are informed,
intend to burden the taxpayers with, by
additional legislation will be abandoned.
We shall expect John Ray to he satis
fied with the $75,000 Le has received for
his Revised Statutes, Codes and Digest;
that Casey, Herwig Dillingham, Wolfley
Co. will he content with their water
works, levee, shed, warehouse company,
etc. Colonel Lowell must l> e satisfied
with his Ship island profits, and Marshal
Packard rest on the gains derived from
his Nicolson pavement scheme.
We are decidedly for the reform pro
posed, and' bid Carter, Dunn, Ray,
Lowell, Packard, Dillingham, Casey,
Wolfley *k Co. godspeed in the great re
form movement which they propose, but
which we doubt very much their honest
purpose to carry out
Charles Francis Adams, John Quincy
Adams, Edward Atkinson, George Ban
croft, Ralph Waldo Emerson, William
Lloyd Garrison, Longfellow, Sumner and
Whipple are members of the Cobden Club
London.
The smoke of the political contest has
now oleazed away in New York, and the
result is known. Two of the prominent
and striking features already developed
are the election of William M. Tweed
and the defeat of Horatio Seymour, both
candidates for the State Senate. For one
moment, on a recent occasion, forgetting
the precept that we can not expect figs to
grow on thistles, or grapes on thorns, we
spoke hopefully of the possible election
of Mr. Seymour. This was done not be-*
cause we preferred him to his competitor,
whom we suppose to be a good Repub
lican, and whose election satisfies us
entirely, but because he is a remarkable
exception to the ordinaiy run of Demo
cratic candidates. The party made an
exception in his favor, by placing in nom
ination an honest, pure minded, intelli
gent man for an important office, and we
may be pardoned if we felt a desire to see
the experiment crowned with success, in
order that it might be taken as a good
example to be followed by that party
everywhere. And as his opponent is a
Republican, and consequently a patriot,
we are satisfied that he would have found
in a circumstance so gratifying and unex
pected sufficient satisfaction to compen
sate for his own personal disappointment
But such a result did not come. Mr.
Seymour is merely an honest Democrat
of the old school. He stands almost
alone, or at least surrounded by but feu
followers, not enough to secure his elec
tion, and his Republican competitor
carries off the honors of the victory.
But away in another part of the State,
in the commercial metropolis of the re
public, we find the party true to its mod
ern instincts. William M. Tweed is one
of the newest of Democratic leaders. He
was fledged in the school of Fernando
Wood during the war, and soon found
means to improve upon the practices of
his tutor. He has grown rich by bare
faced frauds, and perpetuated his power
by the very money he has made by them.
He openly boasts of owning, politically
speaking, the two city wards embraced in
his senatorial district And the result
proves this to be no idle boast. He h.ua
massed his legions of corrupt, ignorant,
besotted adherents at the polls, and
secured his election despite the opposition
of the better men of his own party, who
put up a reform candidate and gave him
their feeble support Such are the fruits
of modern Democracy. Such will be wel
comed by the faithful throughout the
country as a Democratic victory. Horatio
Seymour, the gentleman, the statesman
and the patriot is neglected by his own
following, while the party rallies its for
lorn hope to save Tweed, the proclaimed
peculator, and brings him off in triumph.
This is the fruit of Democratic honesty.
We had a rather better opinion of the
honesty of our political opponents in the
rural districts, but our eyes are open to
the error.
Fortunately for the interests of all the
people in the State of New York, there
will be enough Republicans in the Senate
to render Tweed harmless and Seymour
unnecessary. But to which party does
the credit of such a condition of affairs
belong Certainly not to that which is
responsible for the election of such men
as Tweed.
SHALL SILENCE PREVAIL?
SHALL SILENCE PREVAIL?
After paying the Republican a hand
some compliment for its sense and patriot
ism in indorsing Horatio Seymour as a
good and worthy candidate for the, New
York Legislature, the New Orleans Pric
Current clouds its very amiable proposition
with a remark that was not called for, and
which was not true. It says that we are
not always just and reasonable, but that
we are given sometimes to the utterance
of suggestions that, "like a baleful
shadow, darkens our social surface, and
reflect us abroad in the darkest hues.
This saying of the Price Current is not
wise, for this reason, that the suggestions
which we make are founded upon what
we consider to be the truth, and are pub
lished, not for the purpose of darkening
the social surface, but for the better pur
pose of polishing it. Evils exist in every
community, and the duty of the press is
to point them out and ask for their cor
rection. Intelligent citizens look at so
ciety from different stand points, and de
fects which appear to one do not appear
to others at the same time or of the same
magnitude. Our focus scans one side of
the commercial, social and political hori
zon while that of the Price Current ob
serves another. The evils that manifest
themselves to os, fail of detection by
our neighbor, but that does not
destroy them. And it is just as much
our duty to declaim against the defects
that appear to us as it is his duty to de
nounce those that are patent to him.
And it is far worse to remain silent than
it is to speak out, for if we fail to an
nounce the disease it will overthrow us,
while if we declare against it the world
will say these people know their trouble
and will surely proceed to remedy it.
While the frauds which are now well un
derstood in New Y'ork were being investi
gated certain timid parties said that it
would iDjure the city to declare how ruin
ously she had been misgoverned. Does
the Price Current indorse this idea If it
does it can not understand the view we
take of public duty.
A GREAT ACTOR.
Edwin Forrest, the actor, known far
and wide as the "great American trage
dian, will be in New Orleans next week
to fill an engagement at the St. Charles
Theatre. He is seventy years of age, and the
public has been prepared since a long time
to hear of his retirement from the stage. In
fact, Mr. Forrest has often advertised his
final appearance, and, we doubt not, with
a perfectly honest intention and a sincere
disposition to retire from the labors and
triumphs that have made him famous for
half a century. But his nature, which
demanded exertion; his system, which
would not break, and his love of the pro
fession, which refused to quit him, still
maintain their sway over his actions and
devote him to the work for which he was
originally fashioned. In this respect he
who often gave out that they had retired
from political life, but Who as often reap
peared in that arena where their
services were wanted, where their
affections continued to linger, and
where alone they were prepared to
labor. All 6? our statesmen have died in
harness. General Washington occupied
his last moments in thinking of his be
loved country, and in framing advice to
his countrymen. Jefferson, at Monti
cello, was a political thinker and worker
until his death. General Jackson was the
fountain of Democratic power up to the
last moment of his stirring life. And his
great rival, the beloved Clay, died in the
midst of his devouring desire to compro
mise the troubles that threatened the
L nion with disruption. Like these men,
Forrest still holds to the character and
and the profession which ha« engrossed
his life. He is possessed of a vitality
which refused to remain inactive, and
since he can be nothing but an actor, he
continues to act.
The Cincinnati Commercial, which is a
truthful and reliable paper in all things,
reports the appearance of Mr. Forrest in
that city, and in an extended criticism of
his performances, credits him with an ex
cellence that is not marred by his ex
tended age. He is better, if anything, his
physical energy being amply sufficient to
sustain him in the characters which he
assumes, while his large experience and
long practice make him a greater master
of his own passions and the feelings of
his audience than he ever exercised before.
His voice is mellowed and better educated,
and yet his physique shows no signs of the
waste of age. His engagement in Cincin
nati has been a great histrionic triumph,
reflecting all the old glory of the legitimate
drama.
Mr. Forrest is a man of whom Americans
are proud. He was the first to contend for
excellence over imported stars, and he has
lived to see his struggle obtain a victory.
He has thousands of friends in New Or
leans, and his coming will always be hailed
with pleasure.
SPITE AND BUSINESS.
The New York Commercial Advertiser
publishes a little paragraph that would
do credit to any of our domestic Ku-Klux
organs:
New Orleans very kindly offers to relieve
Chicago in the hour of woe by doing her
business. She advises Chicago merchants
to ship their cereals down the Mississippi.
The New Orleans Picayune answers by
vaunting our charity to Chicago, and by
throwing in the face of those we have
helped the fact that they never helped us,
which is a good way to neutralize the no
bility of our generosity.
The best answer to the spitefulness of
the Commercial Advertiser is this, that the
transportation of grain from the West to
New Orleans is a business transaction,
and that New Orleans proposes now, as
she has done for years, to do it cheaper
than the Northern railroads can, and that
sentiment has nothing whatever to do
with such a transaction as this. If
Chicago finds it to her interest to ship
cereals down the Mississippi she ought
to do so at once as the best alleviation of
the great affliction which has befallen
her. And when we offer to do this carry
ing trade in her interest, and for the ben
efit of the farmers that support her, New
York has nothing to gain by being spite
ful on the subject. The greater the
'commerce between the West and South,
the broader and deeper will grow the
love of the people for the whole country.
POLITICAL JUDGES.
Oue of the satisfactory features of the
recent election in New Yerk city is the
overwhelming defeat of three political
judges. Jones and Spencer lost their
election for judges of the Superior Court
by about twenty thousand majority. But
the Tammany candidate for the Supreme
Court, Judge Led with, has been beaten
by forty-four thousand majority. He has
occupied the bench for several terms, and
is a man of undoubted ability; but be
lacked the firmness to disregard political
influence, and has lost his place by the
very means employed by him to secure it.
If all the constituents of political judges
would be thus watchful, and be ever
ready to apply the corrective to the
abuses which from time to time creep
into the elective system, it would go far
to restore it to the traditional purity its
charter attained under the appointing
power. And as we shall be called upon
next year to elect successors to our own
district judges, it will be well for us to
bear in mind the example of New York
city.
GOVERNOR WARMOTH AND THE FIRE
MEN.
W e devote a large portion of our space
this morning to the speeches of President
I. N. Marks, representing the Fire De
partment, and Governor Warmoth in
response, upon the absorbing subject of
the fire contract. The firemen will be
glad to observe that the Governor has
promised to support their cause, and aid
them to the extent of his influence in ob
taining a renewal of their contract.
The London Times has a special set of
pigeon holes that contain well written
obituaries of all the public men in the
world. The convenience of this is that
so soon as a distinguished individual dies
the Times is ready with his mortuary no
tice. The New Orleans Times carries the
convenience further than its London
namesake, for it evidently has a pigeon
hole for the obituaries of political parties,
since it publishsd an elaborate mortuary
notice of the death of the Bourbon
Democracy, even while the telegraph was
reporting the dissolution of the subject of
its melancholy remembrances. So many
parties have died in the United States
this system is advisable in all well regu
lated printing offices.
With a candor that is refreshing, both
the Bee and Bultetin admit that the defeat
of the Democracy in New York was
deserved on account of the corruption of
the leaders of that party. The Bee goes
further, and admits that the people are
so thoroughly distiustful of the De
selves there is no use in swapping one
set of men for atntker, since those that I
propose to come in only desire to plunder
on a more extended scale than those
they seek to deprive of office. As a
matter of coarse the connection of the
Bee, and perhaps that of the Bulletin,
will cease with the Democracy. They
may be considered the allies of reform
hereafter, whatever that may be. The
Times will claim to be the expositor of I
the new crusade, which will breed trouble
no doubt, for we doubt if it can com
mand that genuine confidence which is
necessary in the leader of a great reform
movement.
ON (ARONDELET STREET.
Outdoor business was at a standstill yes
terday, sheltering itself unuer awnings and
6taring vacantly at the plashing rain in the
gutters. Money transactions were shon.
In this branch of business the late advance
in domestic exchange is an item of interest.
At 3* per cent discount, the margins being
less than this figure, the stream of remit
tances has lately become swollen, but will
porbably subside when the rush is over.
As a contrast, foreign exchange is dull;
eobriety is the attitude of this element,
where for ten days demands have been ac
tive and the features agitated. City certi
ficates still hold their own, but show no
change. State warrants are in a lull—the
demand has simmered. Cotton transac
tions are restricted by short supplies, but
prices are unchanged, with a quotation
downward.
The enterprises of "great pith and mo
ment" promised in behalf of the Levee com
pany are yet delayed, though the stock
shows unmistakable signs of improvement.
A noted operator having purchased five
hundred shares on Tuesday, at a time when
the dead lock was at its tightest, and the
key hidden, the effect was to produce a bet
ter feeling, and bring about a rise. Imme
diately the stockholders, who have kept in
the shade for so long, came to the tront,
reasoning that the operator in question
would not have purchased unless in pos
session of accurate iniormation pointing to
a future and not far distant improvement.
It is believed this is the only cause of the
late advancing of the lines. The stock has
been sold of late at $3 624. $3 75, and
$3 87tg—ft being asked—and exhibits
fair movement.
Now and then we hear a little spoken of
Mexican Gulf stock, but nothing against
it. The pressure has been removed. There
are few pledges to be slaughtered, and
soon there will be few shares to be had, it
being designed to retire the stock immedi
ately. The principal holders are not at all
frightened, and hold a position entrenched.
No allusion has lately been made to Am
monia Propelling Company stock, but at
the same time shareholders' faith is undi
minished and safe.
But the stock market "drags its slow
length along" without much of the billowy
motion which constitutes business. For
days together things are at a dead calm,
and all the canvas flaps idly, and the
wearisome hours are shod with lead.
Have hour rnsHst aad Minkina Unneat
the Pelleaa Job OSes, Corner Caasp aad
Pnydraa Streets. oc39 It
JACOB OTT,
B U I L. D F. K
.....Delord street.............1S4
(Tivoli Circle.)
_ NEW ORLEANS.
Stores fitted tip with dispatch. Jobbing promptly
J fidply
184.
attended to.
ialzZdp
THANKSGIVING
PROCLAMATION'.
Stati or LoriaiAXA, J
_ -------U,
Executive Department.
New Orleana, November*. 1871.)
In view of the many b'essings with which the
past year has been crowned, and in accordance
with the proclamat on of the President of the
luited States. I. H. C. Warmoth. Governor of the
State of Louisiana, do hereby appoint ami set apart
at a day of public thanksgiving and praise. THl'RS
DAI. November3o, 1871, and I do hereby recommend
to all the good people of our State that upon that
day we lay aside all ordinary secular pursuits, and
repair to our customary places of divine worship
there to offer that ks to the Supreme Ruler of the
Universe for the blessiugs and mercies He has
vouchsafed to us. and to terventl.v supplicate for
continuance of the divine favor.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the great seal of the Stste to lie affixed,
at the city of New Orleans, this eighth day of No
vember, A. D. 1371, and of the independence of the
United States the niuetv-sixth.
By the Governor
H. C. WARMOTH.
J. W. Fairfax, Assistant Secretary of State.
iio9
NOTICE.
The Grand Drawing of the Single Number Tickets,
Louisiana State Lottery, will take place to-morrow
SATURDAY, the eleventh day of November, 1371, at
eleven o'eloek A. M.,over the rooms of the com
pany.
Capital Prize.........................930,000,
Only 30,000 Numbers.
TICKETS ONLY TWENTY DOLLARS.
The public are invited to witness the drawin,
tinio It 2p
IRON' BARGE LINE.
A public meeting of all interested in the estab
lishmeut of the IRON BARGE LINE will be held
on MONDAY EVENING, the thirteenth instant, at
7 P. M., at the new rooms of the New Orleans Cot
ton Exchange, corner of Gravier street and The
atre alley.
A lull attendance is particularly requested, as
business of importance will be brought up.
Gentlemen m charge of subscription lists are re
quested to band them in on the eveuiug of the
meeting.
JOHN PHELPS,
nostd 2p _Chairman Committee.
REMOVAL. REMOVAL. REMOVAL.
THE NEW ORLEANS
SANITARY AND FERTILIZING COMPANY
Have removed to their new Office and YVareroomi
No. 33 Camp Street.
A fine assortment of
1 CLOSETS AND COMMODES,
OX THE
DRY EARTH SYSTEM.
These Closets are made of CYPRESS, WALNUT
and MAH( >GANY, plaiu and ornamental, and under
patent owned exclusively by the Company.' They
are rapidly coming into favor, aud testimonials
from some of our best citizens, who have used
them for two years, can lie seen at the office. Or
ders for closets should be left at least a week be
fore they are actually wanted.
Our Closets are in use in all our public schools
and buildings, aud by thousands of our citizens.
The old-fashioned health-destroying sinks will
soon be numbered among the tilings that were
U 'no 57 t tI 2 p progress of the great sanitary reform.
F. NEWHALL,
40 ................Camp street..................
Has just received a new and complete stock ot
WALL PAPER and WINDOW SHADES.
All work promptly executed by competent and
experienced workmen. N xm 2 p
I
I
OF LOUISIANA
FAIR GROUNDS,
IN THE CITT OF NEW ORLEANS,
November IS, 19, 90, 31, 33, 33, 34, 33
and 30, 1871.
Exhibitors are invited from every section of
America. Railroads, steamships, and other trans
portation lines, as named in the Premium Cata
logues (pages 10 and 11), will cany exhibitors to
and from the Fair at one-half the usual rates.
The books are now open for the entry of Machin
ery, Wares, Merchandise, Stock, Agricultural Pro
ducts, Fruits, Vegetables, etc., at the office of the
Association, in the Mechanics' Institute.
For further information see Premium Catalogue,
which will be sent to any address free of charge.
LUTHER HOMES,
oc8 ip Secretary ami Treasnrer, New Orleans.
TO PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS.
I will sell DRT GOODS at the lowest maiket
prices for certificate of pay, at a small discount.
For further particulars apply to
S. G. KREEGER
Nos. 585 and 537 Magazine street, corner St. Andrew.
noH 4t Ip
Nos. and Magazine street, corner St. Andrew.
noH 4t Ip
NEW ORLEANS SILVER WAHL
MANUFACTORY.
Attention is particularly directed to my SILTXB
TABLE WARE, such as
SPOONS, FORKS. ETO.
Prices as low as at any Northern manufactory.
and CHEAPER THAN IN ANT HOUSE IN NEW
ORLEANS. Quality and style equal to any. Fnli
guarantees given in all cases. Every description of
Medals, Badges, Military Belt-platea, Sword Mount
ings, etc., manufactured in the most artistic i
ner and at low prices.
A. HIMMEL, Proprietor,
de4 trip No. 136 Poydias street
JOHN W. MADDEN,
STATIONER,
LITHOGRAPHER, JOB PRINTER,
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER,
73................Camp street................73
Execute* all orders with promptness and die
patch. _ fa>9
UNITED STATES
INDEMNITY CLAIMS.
For losses of property sustained during the late
war, viz: Claims for value of cotton, or other prop
erty taken or seized, stores and supplies taken or
tarnished the United States forces, unconfirmed
Spanish claims to lands in Louisiana, bounty land
claims, etc.
The undersigned, properly accredited with the
Government Departments, has full facilities to ob
a prompt dispatch of business therein and before the
Court of Claims and spe ial committees sitting in
Washington City. Claimants under Spanish claims
to lands in Louisiana, titles and surveys entered
but not yet confirmed, and bounty land and home*
stcau claimants, will have their interests promptly
attended to by applying to
MRS. C.
MRS. C. EDMOXSTON,
United States Claim Agent,
At the office of Fred B. Karheart, Notary and
Attorney, No. 69 Canal street, New Orleans.
Refers to:
Aveudano Brothers, No. ir*5 Common street.
Judge Louis Dent, Washington City.
Hon. S. Bel den. Attorney General, Louisiana.
Hoe. H. C. Dibble, Eighth District Court, New
Orleans, Louisiana.
Hon. B. F. Joubert, United States Assessor In
temal Revenue, New Orleans. oc20 2p
state"
NATIONAL BANK.
(Formerly Louis ana State Bank.)
Samuel H. Kennedy, President; E. Riguey, Vice
"resident; Charles L. C. Dupuv, Cashier.
Capital. *500.000...................Limit, *1,060.000.
Foreign and Domestie Exchange bought aud sold.
Collections made upon all points.
Gold deposits received. Gold checks for sale on
Bank o f California. San Francisco. oclo lm 2p
SMITH'S PULMOMC SIRUP
AND LIFE TONIC.
Incomparable for Consumption, Catarrh, Asthma
Bronchitis, Laryngitis, Coughs, Colds, Spitting
Blood, etc. Slay be given to an infant with benefit.
The LIFE TOMC, made from the same vegetable
product of our swamps, is unequaled for Dyspep
sia. Poor Appetite, Female Irregularities, Low
Spirits, Debility, etc. With SMITH S LIVER PILLS,
it isa splendid preventive of Chills, Malarial Fever*
etc. The Sirup and Tonic maybe taken together,
mixed, and makes a delicious cordial, which is
singularly effective blood purifier. Almost every
day furnishes new evidence of the triumph of this
new Louisiana remedy, for scrofulous or blood
diseases.
We give a long list of home references, embracing
some of the most distinguished families in this city.
We challenge investigation.
G. H. SMITH Sc CO
Western Brench Depot. «£eV w!!E»*SS& h
streets. Cin cinnati, Ohio. oc!5 Su TuTh lm 2p
reopening.
SEWING MACHINES-ALL KINDS.
The public have
nr a w.v, J®ng desired the establishment
1 ere i kind* of Sowing Machine#
Sowing Machine Findings could be luid; where tha*
co "P M y As workings of one machine
from the different makw
noWJptf
Agrate wonted.
HEDRICK. General Agent.
noWJptf

HEDRICK. General Agent.
MEDICAL.
IS A RECENT IMPROVE
of th Bitter Sulphate
lit?A™ familiar. Dose for dost
eTery bi
_ ^BBAT, positive and unfailing curb
JfTERMlTTKNT FKVKR,
CHILL FEVER.
REMMITTKNT FEVER
BILLIGFS FKVkR.
HB AGfal
th^nX&. tr in f lU 0rd r
SWEET QUININE
mode solely from Peruvian Bark (so i. sitt.. a_.
nine), tnerefore is of vegetable origin*
miner*, poison, but, on the confr^V U provll to *1
person*! 1 eIemenU foup <i in thebtood^ r8™ 1
SWEET QUININE
SWEET QUININE
»tM?i dBitt r Q,linlae i* the entire, ah
ffi the^atwui. T' Pfftkistent bitterness which
insurmountable obstacle to It*
use with most persons, and always with Children.
SWEET QUININE
general public
^y!5 Manufacti^F^Chem ufJ^e^,
JltilEDlATE RELIEF,
AND
A PERMANENT CURB GUARANTEED.
grea t western remedy
Rheumarism* Kiffi^v Cu ™_ for Keuralri*
to Jhe*
qaulitie* of the GREAT
furnished on annii«
and health
rhed onappl^«iri^:'~ ^Ul,,
All flrat'Clua DingcliU.
sente, 5n sente, 75 oeou°*i, and *1 so per Bottle
AARON
▲GUT* WA2VTIJ) iniTWIlU.
Davis, Discoverer and ltannfca^,^
333 WasklaftM Street, Newark, N. J.
ftnj°ii^°btained of the Minnfkilum at WbaliMk
Thu company has just completed a _
scientific experiments in the prod action of
Carbon Gas by "81eper's patents," aad et
recommend these machines os the
cheapest and most substantial gas
offered to the public, producing a gas Sve
the lllnm mating power of city gas, and at a
lets con. For churches, halls, sagar-honsee
country town* this machine can not ho
Orders for machines left at the company's
No. 5 Cnrondelet street. New Orleans, er
Messrs. Jockush k Co., bankers, Galveston, 1
will meet with prompt attention.
J. M. WAGNER, President
JOHN COMMENT, Superintendent
Hntt STsntr. Secretary and Treasurer.
Factory, No. *19 Rampart street.
cut I*
'tv
D
B. JOHN 6. ANGELL.
133.
DENTAL SURGEON,
Office and residence,
............Julia Street............ f ...|M
NEAR CAMP.
All operations in Operative, Mechanical
gical Dentistry carefully performed. AitronsaS
and other anaesthetics administered. oetl ]j
pORSYTH UNITED STATES
STANDARD SCALES.
The Str ong est Seal* Made.
Rvery scale warranted. In every respect; m vm
ties, adapted te every branch or business
Sot price list, or any information, address
Forsyth, ellison a co
No. 34 Tchoupitoulss street. New Orison
selt eodJm
T k ARE NOW PREPARED, BETTS
vv than ever, to supply the beat qualities of"
AMERICAN AND FOREIGN ALB AND PORTER
We re.pectfu ly solicit orders from
iiaranteeins satisfaction, at the old price. *1
er dozen. Delivered tree to all parts of the dm
end your orders to T. L HARRISON, Agent'"
No. 41 Natd.es street, between Camp and
sine streets. auMlj
c.
B. HUNT CO.,
MACHINERY DEPOT.
183 Gravier Street, New
Manufacturers' Agents for
B. CARVER COMPANY'S CELEBRATED COTN*
GINS AND LINTERS.
t AES'S STEAM PUMPS,
Of oU kinds.
Boston Machine Company's Engine*
Boston Machine Company's Engine* __
and Stationary Boilers.- the Baxter Portablsfo
rinse; Schaffer A BndenoergSteam Ganges; ChE
Iteam, Water and Gas Valves, Hydrants sol w3
Metres; Stnrtevant'e Pressure and Pan BlesZ
Exhaust and Dryer Fans; Berryman's Auta£2
Boiler Feed Regulator and Low Water
Drake's, Bvort** and Low's Automatic and
Faed Shingle Machine* Clark's Linen H
Pipes, Couplings, eteg New York Tap and
smy's Screw Plates, Tap*. Dies, Isom
w ion Tap sad Ms
pc. Dies, laamem.
______States Standard Not Company's In
and Unfinished Nuts and Bolt* Or.
Co.'s Saw Gummert. Upsets and Hill Pick
~---Packing; Plymouth Mills Mvetn
Ste
Vise.
and Pulleys, on Land, or will be faretehed at *3
notice, at Manufacturers' Pries*.
1*28 Sa Su Tulv
WALLACE A UHOPP1N.
(AXSDkk L. CHOP FIX. WILLI** tillsa)
STAR COTTON GINNERY,
Peters street, Between Thalia aadHmamt
aad Banter street.
Between Tchaapltaalna and Pc ten.
Our machinery and gin i- new, sift d|
ivements, with a Apacity ef tee
the latest im ____
ing out forty bales per day. No delsja 'A'ismlr
of bags always on hand.
We gin for the seed, and guarantee
Highest market price alw ays paid for seed
REFERENCES:
B. Newman it Co., A. H. Peale k Cc.
Nalle x Cammack, Hugh Allison A Ca.
Miltenberger A Co., Barrett k LeSassier,
P. Higgins Co., Garrard, Craig A Co.,
I arren Crawford A Co., John Chaffeel fowtinr,
Penn, Pace A Simmons, F. B. Ernest AGs,
Witherspoon. Mom A Co., H. Aby A Pa,
Nelson, Lanpliier A Co., J. Burnet k Ca,
Johnson A Goodrich, Oscar Chopin,
Robert Hare, Renshaw.CsmnackkCa,
Dr. Sam Oteppn.
ftUUCl l BMC,
Sam Stafford A Co.,
Orders left at the ginnery, or at our office. Ns, il
Union street, will meet with prompt attsntiOA
sen
DILOINQ
This Is n hard.
FAFlft.
ordinary book artr, it
iihe outside of
ter and need onl__________
ings under the clapboards, also i_
f iles and floors, to keep sat damp l
t Is also used on the Inside, not ■__
instead of Plastering, and makes t*te
aad cheap walk It costs only from
(according to size) to cover bosses si
-----Him*
outside. end descriptive
sent free.
Address, Bock River Paper Company. ChiteR
Or. K. C. PALMERkCO..
mhS
93, 96,97 Camp street, New Or'.esm
General Agents for the Southern Ma
QUARLES U. SCHULZE,
N*. 06 Gravier Street, New Orlsssa
Postoffice Box 1138.
Stereotype aad Eleenretypta*
Stereotype aad Eleenretypta*
jjeal Press Engraving, Die foil king, Stencil
Mg—» M S 0 VIVOUUUilK, OltJUVU ClMk
Designing. Agency for the best Card and Cta»
Stamps, Red. Black and Blue Ink. RibbMS
teg Stamps, Bed, Black and Blue Ink, til
Band Stamps, Stencil Plates, ete. First
best Btetwnl.i pe Plate at last Fair.
QA
Tbe
by applying at No.
35
Tbe best and cheapest gas in the city ca* telff
i. 53 Camp street, to
W. B. BOWMAN,
_ Agent Fairbanks' Scale and Cotton Beta.
Fairbanks k Co. are the authorized agent**
furnishing all the tbe customhouses, p*»*sSS
and all public buildings connected with the Iff*
States, with scales, which is satisfactory
that they are the standard for the United Staffs
Southern Agency at No. 53 Camp street.
»u3S 3m VV. B. BOWMAN. A*»k
jy*W ORLEANS CONSERVATORY 0
MUSIC.
90..............Baronne Street.............▲
This conservatory is conducted after thepls* 4
the conservatories of Europe.
iana, or personally at the Conaervatorv.
_ TrtKOPHILUS MASAC/Preside*.
Rsrsukxcu-Bishop J. C. Kenner; Rev. A
Dixon; Rev K. J. Taylor; Rev. J. B. A. Ahrend
5- i 0 K «0-. from Race. Foeter AB.T. Menkjl
C. T. Bemiss, Esq.; Dr. William H. HolcombSfk
Wlieeless, Esq., President New Orleans NatR**
Bank; Joseph Ellison, Esq., President Louies*
Equitable Life Insurance Company; Lloyd R Cow
squuauie ziire insurance Company; Llovd a. tw
man, Esq., President Mecbanies' and Traders' lr
snrance Company; W. M. Pinckard. Bsq.; J*jf
Hasamger, Ksq.; R. M. Lusher, tsq.; F. RoedS
Esq., Superintendent; George Foerster, Bsq.,
tor German Gazette, etc.
Ho A HI> OP IXSTUrcTlOX.
Mr. Theophllus Masac, professor of historvtel
philosophy of music; Mr. Charles Van Buff* j
pi ofesaor of vocal music; Miss Carolina Zeiss, ^*1* j
sor of vocal music; Mr. Edward F. Groyne veil,
fessor of theory and the piano forte; Miss
May, professor of the piano forte; Miss flSf
Lemoiue, professor of the piano forte; Mr.
so Miari, professor of flute; Mr. Hermann
professor of orchestral instruments. Besidss*
efficient number of assistant teachers.
au26 l y _
au26 l y _
pKUUAN FERTILIZER.
THE NBW ORLEANS SANITARY AND FSKTUR
ING COMPANY,
No. 19 Union Street, Up Stain.
Have now ready for delivery their superior
TILIZING COMPOUND, in quantities to snit.g
chaser* Certificates from well-known eitU0
characterise it as superior to Peruvian oasre
while it is sold at less than half tbe prics>
________________pries
has no disagreeable odor. Send for Circular m
Price of onr Pelican No. 1................*W P*5
Price of our Pelican No. t..............*.. Id port*
Terms—Cash, or approved city acceptance,
able December 1, 1871.
Alee, BARTH CLOSETS and COMMODES forte*
Samples to bo seen and orders taken at the
J S. SI.UONUS co..
Nos. 19 C'nnnl, 9 t'rossman nod 4 Fr**
Streets.
PKALKRJ IX
HARDWARE,
IRON AND SHIP t'HANDLE*Y.
Nails and Castings, Hoop, Sheet and Bar lrte*
Manila and Tarred Cordage, Sail Duck, F Is**
Shovels and Spades, Sheet Copper
Anchors and Chains, Axes and Hues. L**»
and Sheet Lead, Paints and Oils, Blocks**®
INDIA RUDDER BELTINA,
Hoae. Packing, and all supplies nceetesrj
Railroads, Steamships, Plantations, etc.
Ageuts for the now patent
"Sotf-Lahricotiac roekiteff*"
COPPER, TIN, SHEET IRON AND GAS