WASHINGTON.
The Anti-Gtarct Campaign to
Open Immediately.
A Powerfol and Dreaded Coalition
Against the Administration.
THE SOUTH CAROLINA IMPEACHMENT.
Defaced and Mutilated Currency
Regulations.
THE FUR SEAL MONOPOLY.
A Hailed States War Steamer to Bring
the Hornet Home.
Washington, Dec. 27,1871.
nd taalltiani for the Antl
tirui Campaign?Free Traders aod the
Oppeetttea to Unite?The Perk Id's Claim
Against ttnssla?'The Km Kiux Report?
The Harnet to be Saved at IaaU
The administration managers are quite excited
over reports, which they generally credit, thai the
recalcitrant republican Senators, with a small num
ber ol Representatives, and the pronounced revenue
agitators and editors, Wells, White, Grosvenor and
company, who were here last week, have entered
into an alliance, offensive and defensive against the
administration. It is asserted by shrewd men that
the time has come to deieat the plans for the Presi
dent's renomination and to virtually secure control
^t the party organization lor the wing they direct
and represent. It Is stated mat a consid
erable lund has been raised, and that head
quarters will bo opened here Immediately
after the recess. Their plans include extended
operations through the fress. It is declared that
ail efforts arc to be concentrated on obtaining com
trol of tne party machinery, committees, Journals,
Ac. Mr. Trumbull's Ideas arc those that control,
as in the case of his rejoinder to Senator Morton
during the Retrenchment Committee debate. The
managers of this movement, will, In all their pub
lic and personal utterances, refuse to allow any one
to question their fidelity to republicanism. Some
speculation goes so far as to declare that to make
their anti-Grant campaign a success the reformers
will willingly coalesce ou the Vice-President,
Mr. Colfax, as their candidate, hoping
thereby to secure (he steady support
of Mr. Greeicy, in spite or the revenue heresies they
entertain. Attacks on the administration of the
Treasury and Post Office departments are to be
among the earlier indications or tnis warfare, which
it is affirmed will lie turned more against tne man
agement of the administration than, as in now the
case, against the personal conduct or capacity of
tho President hlmseir.
As soon as congress rcconveues a v.gorous on
slaught, conveying charges of grave character, will
be made against Mr. Cresswell through the press
and by pamphlet. The administration's fluAcctal.
India and civil service feathers are to do plucked in
detail and pulled to pieces. This work is to be
systematically performed.
Persons interested in the famous Pcrktns claim
agamst Russia are quite jubilaut over information
(hey believe to Ikj reliable, that the amount awarded
(belr client by the American umpire, E. Peshine
Smith, will be paid by the Imperial government
early in the month of January.
Senator Scott is still here hard at work on the
Ru Klux Investigation report. He will remain
through the holidays, aud hopes to complete the
draft for the consideration of tho commlttoo wnen
It meets. It is expected the report will be made
soon after Congress reassembles.
l'be government has at last resolved to relieve the
little republic of Haytl from the persecutions of
Spain by sending the United States war steamer
Congress, now at tho Brooklyn Navy Yard, to Port
au Prince to bring tho Hornet to New York, there to
be libeled for violation of our registry laws. The
captain of the Hornet Is now in New York, and as
ner crew Is Insufficient in number, a draft or men
from the Congress will be pot on board to navigate
Hie vessel to port.
C. C. Bowen on the Failure of the Impenrh
aient of (iiovcraor ^coti, of South Caro
lina.
Mr. C. C. Bowen, or South Carolina, who is the
contestant lor the Beat of De Large, In tho House of
Representatives, and also a member of the Assem
bly of bis Bute, Is In the city looking alter his In
terests In Congress. Tho account wtuch he gives of
his attempted Impeachment of Governor scott and
State Treasurer Parker nas some very amusing
features. Scott Is now wortn half a million, and
Parker not less than three hundred thousand
dollars, ail of which has been acquired in the last
live years. Mr. Boweu says neither or tiiein baa
pretended to deny the truth of the charges on
which his Impeachment articles were founded,
but that they have sought by means as
bad as those employed by them in
the operations of which they are accused to escape
punishment. So far are they averred to be iroin
deujlng the charges that the Governor, It Is said in
private, places the whole responsibility upon Par
ker, making himself appear the victim, while the
State Treasurer is said occasionally to retort by
saying that Scott shared In the profits, and If he
goes down Scott must go down with him,
Bowen's explanation ol t&d Wanner in whfch hts
Impeachment scheme was beaten is, to say the least
of It, carious. If the measure was to oe carried at
all It was plain it could not be carried till after thu
holiday receas, and mauy of the frleuds of Impeach
ment went home with the nnderstauding that no
vote was to be reached till after the reassemb lug
of the Legislature in January. No sooner wero
tney out of the way than the speaker
of the Assembly, alleged to have been coerced by
threats of the Governor, took the reins into his own
bands, and, In defiance of Parliamentary usage,
forced a vote on tne measure. Speaker Moses is
understood to be completely In the power ot Gov*
ernor Scott, and on the day before the adjournment
vi the Legislature, Mr. Bowen says, the latter In
formed Moses that nnless he forced a vote
on tho impeachment proposition, when it
was certain to be defeated, ho should be sent
to tho Penitentiary. Bowen partially explains the
defeat of his proposition on the ground that, as
many of the members were needy and could not go
home for the holidays unless the State Treasurer
furnished tnem with the fnnds, they were easily in
duced to go against Impeachment; but, bostdes
this potent influence, ho says money was quite
freely used, votes being purchased at prices ranging
trom I'JOO to (6.000. Nothing daunted by his defeat,
he intends beginning over again when the Legis
lature reassembles, which will be on the ,th of
January.
iHnlllntrJ nnil Defaced Currency Itegulnlinas.
The following changes in the regulations govern
ing the redemption of defaced aud mnttlated cur
rency ot the United Mates will go Into effect on tho
1st of January:?Alter that date defaced and muti
lated United States notes and fractional currency,
instead of being redeemable as now by the Treasury
ot ihe United States subject to a discount for mu
tilation, will be redeemable at their full value In
new notes or currency by the Treasurer and tho
several Aasistant Treasurer* and designated de
positaries of the United states and all national bank
depositaries, and will be received at their full face
value by all officers or the Treasury Department in
payment of currency duo tne United States, pro
Wided mat three-fifths of the original proportion of
aurh notes are presented In one piece. Fragments
less than five-eighths will be redeemable only by
the Treasurer or the United States. It mure than one
halt aod less than flve-elglitiis is presented half ilia
lace value will be paid. Less than Hair a note will
be -cdeemed only on affidavit thai tho missing pur*
lion baH been totally destroyed. Under the new
yule* any person, orm, bankf corporation or pahlio
officer will to permitted to forward f 6 and upwards
In ITj ctlonal currency and $50 and upwards In legal
tender notes for redemption to tne Treasurer by ex
press, at tne expense of the department, under the
government contract with Adams Express Com
pany. Heretofore nothing less than f500 was enti
tled to transportation at government expense. A
circular embodying these manges is now preparing
at the Treasury office. The officers ol the Treasury
are determined to remove all cause for complaint
concerning the condition of the United States cur
rency. and to that end h ive coucluded to extend to
all the most liberal laclllties ror its redemption. It
to expected at the department that the new rales
will result In a speedy and marked improvement of
the condition of the currency.
Tl?? Fur Seal Traffic?Aa Inquiry Into the
Monopoly?Tkreo Hundred Tbensnnd Heals
Killed Every Year?The Serfs ol" the Aleu
tiaa Islands.
Soon after the recess resolutions directing the
Senate committee on Retrenchment to Investigate
the contract made by the Treasury Department with
the Alaska commercial Company, the head of whlcu
to a well-known lobbyist nere, will be presented. At
the same time a motion will be made in the House
for a Bpeclal committee with power to Bend ior per
sons and papers, and authorized to examine Into
tne transactions connected with the monopoly of
tne fur seal traffic. It to charged that, by the terms
of this contract, the Inhabitants of the Aleutian
Islands of St. George and St. Paul are placed under
the control of these speculators, thus virtually making
about four hundred free-born persons, the serfs of
a commercial monopoly. It to declared also that
belter terms have been offereu for the same, and
even less, privileges by persons quite as responsible
as the fortunate parties. The conti act limits the
scalklnB to be taken to 100,000 per annnm. It is
charged, anticipating tnat public opinion will com
pel tne surrender of the contract belore the twenty
years lor which It runs shall expire, the Alaska
Commercial Company to really killing at the rate
of 300,000 seals per annum. The chief manager to
now at one of the principal hotels, and an extensive
course of hospitality for the benefit or impressible
Congressmen and Journalists has already been In
augurated.
The President'^ Kecepllon on New Year's?
Order of I alia.
Tlie announcement Is made by authority that at
eleven o'clock A. M. on Monday, 1st of January,
the President will receive the members of the Cabi
net and foreign Ministers; at half-past eleven A. M.
the Judges of the supreme Court, United States
Senators and Representatives in Congress and
Judges of the Supreme court of the District of Co
lumbia and of the Court of Claims will be received;
at twelve M. the officers of tbe army and navy will
be received; at balf-past twelve o'clock the heads
of bureaus of the several depaniucuts will be re
ceived.
The reception of citizens will commence at one
o'clock P. M., at which time the gates of the enclo
sure will be opened, and reception will terminate the
at two o'clock P. M.
The President's Fntlier Hecoverlng.
President Grant to-day received a telegram from
Covington stating mat his father is improving, and
that his physicians consider him out of danger.
New .Mail Koutes.
The Postmaster General to-day ordered a mail
service on the Lake Shore and Tuscarawas Valley
Railroad, from Ramsouvtllle to Guildford, Ohio,
twenty-three and one-half miles, lrom January 15
next, pay to be tlxed; and on tne Decatur, Sullivan
and Mattoon Railroad, from Mattoon to Marrow
bone, 111., twenty-three miles, six umea a week, at
$928 per annum, from January L Mall service is
extended on the St. Joseph and Denver City Rail,
road, from Marysville to Hanover, Kansas, fifteen
miles, the pay to be fixed, floin January l; and on
the Cincinnati. Wabash and Michigan Railroad,
from North Manchester to Silver Iaike, Ind., nine
miles, pay to be $402 per anuum, from January 16
next.
The Indian Pence Policy.
The Roartl of Indian Commissioners have pre
sented their report to President Gram. It gives the
oetalls of their proceedings during the past year,
stales the condition of various Indian tribes from
personal observation of members, makes various
suggestions and gives a cheerful view of the peace
policy. In the purchase Indian supplies and
other measures tuey have saved About one million
dollars.
fnllrnder'a (Successor Not Appointed.
The New York Clearing House Committee hove
not yet, In accordance with the request or the
Comptroller of the Currency, presented the name or
a successor to Mr. Callonder as Bank Examiner.
The Notional Centenary.
Tne President has appointed Robert 1L Lamborne,
of Wyoming, to represent In part that Territory at
the centeunlal celebration of American Independ
ence at Philadelphia in 1876.
Treasury Balances.
The Treasury balances at the close of business to
day were:?
Currency $10,408,000
Com 100,642,000
Coin certificates 34,880,ooo
Catarazv Winding I7p.
Mr. Catncazy is now in Washington closing an
his business. A letter rrom Berlin. Just recoived
here, says he was obliged to leave Hanover, after
great difficulty, for incompatibilities of one kind or
other.
New National Banks.
The Kentucky National Rank, of Lonlsville, Ky.,
with a capital of $200,000, aud the Second National
Rank, of Aurora, III., with a capital of $100,000,
were to-day authorized to commence business.
Paying Interest on Bonds.
The Secretary of tho Treasury to-day commenced
payment, without rebate, of interest duo 1st of
January on United states bunds.
First Deputy Commissioner of Internal
ICevrnue.
General sweet, of Illinois, entered upon Ms du
ties to-day as First Deputy Commissioner of Inter
nal Revenue.
Htemn Koj Hiwnnlliug.
Ti.e British ffTiilstef has requested from this gov.
erumcnt any Inlormation within Its reach relative
to tne respective merits of the steam fog whistle
aud trumpet.
EDWA&D8' BOOM.
The iUmciliiir( (N. J.) Beak Burglar Disponed
of?He Pleads Utility md Udt Ten Yearn
In Wttr't Prison.
In the New Brunswick Oyer and Terminer yester
day George W. Edwards, ttit noted bnrglar, was
called up lor trial, he having jreviousiv pleaded not
guilty. On being brought bertre the bar bis counsel,
Mr. W. B. Guild, Jr., of Newark, rose and stated
that ihe accused, by advice of counsel, desired to
retract his former plea and pltad guilty.
ATTOKNKY OKNK1UI GILCHRIST,
who appeared for the state, moved tor
judgment. Mr. Guild salt it mattered Ultle
to the prisoner bow mon judgment was
pronounced on him; but before It was done he
desired to say that defendant said it was his flrst
offence, and that he was the iioilm of more experi
enced persons. Edwards wai well connected, and
was not disposed to let his relations know of bis
trouble. lie prayed tne Court to deal mercilully.
Judge Scuudkk said tne
COURT II Al> LtTTI.ItniFPirt7I.TY
In determining the case. Ho rcterred to Edwards'
attempt to break into tne bait?to the desperate at
tempt of eight men to rescue him. showing that he
was no ordinary person ol HH class una not likely
10 be a person easily led by others. The Court had
duties to perform, and therfore Imposed tUu lol
lowing
HVNTKVIB.
"The sentence of the law I and the Court do ad
judge that for tne crime of thicli you have pleaded
guilty you be conOued in tbo Mate Prison at bard
Tabor for the term of ten yeirs."
Tne court room was crowed by citizens and the
frlcuds of the culprit. He tas removed soon alter
to the care of the Sheriff, wio had him at once con
veyed to Trenton tu the'J:4tP. M. train. Mr. Hnck
aiew probably feared anothir attack on bis quarters
should the convict remain 11 the county jail.
MADAM VAM BUSKIKK.
Motion was made by Mr. C. Spencer, counsel for
the notorious Madam Van Busklrk, to discharge
her from further surveiliaiee upon her own recog
nizance. The appllcationwas made In the Brook
lyn City court, before Jidgo Alexander Mct'ue,
who reserved his dectfon. District Attorney
Morris indignantly oppsed the motion. The
Madam, it will be remeibered, was recently tried
In Brooklyn upon the ?barge of Hastening ttie
death or Miss Emily A. Pat, tne unloriunate New
Jersey girl who died II chiidbir. li, niter having
driven lor two hours auot tun sired* Qi that tyiy
wmio suffering uw pmigyf imxin

TWEED'S TRIBULATION.
Rumored Flight of the Late
"Boss."
Surrender of the Bond by Al
derman Farley.
The Sheriff Hunting for the
Grand Tycoon.
"Has the Bosh skipped V inquired one of the late
army of occupation from another In the basement of
the new Court House.
"1 hear he has, but I don't believe it. I tell yon I
believe Tweedy is the only one of the gang tnat will
light It onu He is going to fight It in the Courts and
give them a wrestle at Albany."
"So you don't think he has gone T"
"No, I don't. He wonld be very foolish to do that
now. The tune for him to go has gone, and I'm sure
he will stick."
"I tell you he will have a hard time to get justifi
cation enough for that bail bond. You see Terry
Farley and others nrp weakening since they find the
cross-examination Is so heavy."
"What! Terry Farley going bark on Tweed The
1 Well, I don't know; there may be something
in it I can't see through, bat I have an Idea it will
come out all straight, the same as that Young De
mocr acy fight lu Albany two years ago, and the re
(ormerB will find themselves laid out,"
The conversation branched off into some other
subject, but It may be determined that there was
no little excitement in and around the public offices
on the rumor of the
PLIUHT OP THK BOSS.
Rumors flew thick and last. Oue man bad seen
him and his counsel riding dowu Broadway in a
stuge. The attendants at the Department of Public
Works a (tinned that he was at tue office early In the
mormug, had remained there two or three hours,
ami had "given out" no hint of any Intended flight.
one of his particular frleuds stated to the hbkalii
reporter that arrangements were being made to till
up the nonds in tiu- places of those who nail with
drawn; that Mr. Tweed bad no notion oi fleeing the
city, and would certainly appear at Albany to take
his seat in tue Senate.
The ruinor was generally talked about, and
opinion seemed to be pretty evenly divided as to
whether no might, could, would or should have
flown, but of course there wus "nothing reliable."
At the sheriff'* Office.
There was a great deal of excitement all day at
the Sheriff's office, and among the "distinguished"
visitors who seemed to be very anxious about mat
ters and things were Tercuce Farley, William M.
Tweed, Jr., aud Richard Tweed. It was expected
that something of great moment would happen dur
ing the afternoon, and it was whispered about that
Mr. Tweed would be arrested betore nightfall.
A Hkralu reporter remained at the oillce until
five o'clock last evening, when Mr. Jarvls left for
the uay. In a conversation with him the reporter
was informed that late on Tuesday night Mr. Far
ley notified the Shcrlfl' that he would wltudruw from
Mr. Tweed's bail bond?in older words, wanted to
surrender him to the Sher IT. In order that this
withdrawal should be made legally effec
tive it became necessary for Mr. Far
ley to produce the body or Mr. Tweed,
lie, therefore, yesterday deputized Mr. Jarvls to
secure Mr. Tweed, without, however, giving hint
aDy power to act In the matter as an official?simply
deputizing him as nail in his character of a private
citizen.
Mr. Jarvls states that after this he employed other
parlies to assist him in hndlng where Mr. Tweed
was, aud, together with them, used lus utmost exer
tions to roacn him, but all to no purpose. At least
up to the hour ol his leaving the oillce neither lie nor
the persons whom he bad employed, among others
Mr. Boland, baa been able to find Mr. Tweed. He
states, however, that to meet the exigencies of the
occasion, which he had somehow anticipated, Mr.
Tweed has induced other persons to twte Mr.
Farley's place oil the bouo, three of these persons
being Charles Devlin, Charles G. Cornell and Rich
ard Tweed. The boud or the "Ko<s" can, therefore,
not be regarded as entirely vitiated, but at the same
time Mr. Farley's surrender is not good unill Mr.
Tweed's body Is produced.
It is given out on good authority that Mr. Farley
also, without in any wise cousu.tlng with Mr. Jar
vib, whom he bad previously deputized, employed
during the day other parties not connected with
tbe Hnetiff's ofltre to find Mr. Tweed. Tue Sheriff's
people stated at six o'clock that tiiey had done tneir
utmost to find out whetner tue "Boss," was at the
Metropolitan Hotel or not, but that they had hceu
unsuccess.nl in their efforts to "fix" him there.
At the Department or Public Works.
On the other hand, Mr. Tweed's friends at the De
partment of Public Works contended that he had
not gone out of the city, and that when the business
of justifying the persons mentioned In the bond
would have reached such a stage that the additional
parties whom he has offered in the place of Mr. Par
ley can be examined, he would be forthcoming.
They say he does not want to be put to the trouble
of getting arrested, Ac., so long as matters go on
smoothly and the bond be made all right mean
while.
It was rumored during the arternoon that the
"Hobs" had actually been at his oittce for two or
three hours. Indeed one of the clerks stated this as
a positive fact, yet no one could be found who had
either seen him go or come. The story was doubt
less gotten up tor effect, and had no foundation in
truth. It Is said thai a reporter of one of the morn
ing pap'Ts met William M. Tweed, Jr., near the
office during the day, and, under the impression
that, lie was the Tweed, had a long talk witn him.
Ot course tue reporter must have been very short
sighted.
it was rumored late last evening that Mr. Jarvls
and Superintendent Kelso hold a consultation at tne
larter's office, when ihev discussed the probable
whereabouts of the "Hoss" and the best means to
be employed to take hitu into custody.
It may be mentioned that General William M.
Tweed, Jr., and Richard Tweed, sons of the "Boss,"
called at the Sheriff's office during the day and
stated that there was no truth whatever in the
statement that their father had fled?mat, in tact,
he was only keeping out ot tne way ot an arrest
until the parties who are willing lo justify instead
of Mr, Parley have been attended to.
Terence P?|j?j Out of Town.
Soon alter noou, and w hen It had become known
that Terence Parley had called upon Sheriff Bren
nan and expressed a desire to withdraw from the
bail bond of William M. Tweed, his office In Nassau
street was thronged by earnest inquirers,
and later In the day his private residence,
corner of Fifty-eighth street and Lexington avenue,
was sought by the still eager, and moat earnest, and
sometimes even pathetic appeals, were made to
know whether or not It was really true that Mr.
P'arley had "gone back" on the "Boas."
Before tt^e throng had gathered at his down
town office, Mr. Farley had left, but as those in the
room declared that his return was looked for every
moment, the anxious Inquirers remained until
nearly four P. M., some In the hallway and otners
on the sidewalk, 'lhe friends of Mr. Tweed declared
tnat the story of bis having run away to avoid trial
was talse, and asserted firmly that, fatigued by the
business of the past few weeks, he had simply re
tired with his family to his favorite residence In
Greenwich. Conn, .there to spend the holidays and
obtain mnch needed repose. They were sure that
he would soon return, restored in health, strength
and spirits, and prepared to defend himself in ail
the Conrts in the State.
Such and Blmliar conversation was continued un
til after three P. M.. when Mr. Parley, not naving
returned, or even been seen anywhere In or around
the new Court House since Ills morning visit, the
anxious friends of Mr. Tweed retired gradually,
simply expressing the hope that "ierenco would
siand llrui by the old man In his time or need."
The dowiiiowu prospect oi seolog hint having
closed a portion of those in waning went up to his
private residence, the declaration being that he
would be home todiuuerat six o'clock; aud such
was the exi>cctation at homo.
Mrs. Fancy showed those who desired to watt
for Mr. Parley into the reception room, anu ex
pressed the lieltel that he would soon tie lu, as he
was very seldom late lor dinner. Time passed,
however, until the clock struck seveu, when, de
stine the glare of the candles, wntoh served In
place of the exploded gas, the prospect of seeing
him seemed gloomy euougti. The dinuer was in
danger of spoiling, the children were asking for
their papa as anxiously as were Mr. Tweed's friends,
when, finally, .Mrs. Parley came to the conclusiou
that their iatner had gone to Newark to see his
father, and would therefore not be home. As soon
as mat declaration was made the mends of Tweed
retired.
Later In the evening Mrs. Farley SRld that on the
previous evening Mr. Farley hud expressed a desire
to visit Ills iatner, but that she had supposed he had
postponed It on account of other engagement*. As
he hud not coino home, howevor, and as he had
ad not
been av his office since i wo o'clock she was sure no
must have gone, though sure he would return 111
time tor business in the morning. Tims being tne
AMval ysathkacWjf information which could be op
Mined the friends of Mr. Tweed deferred further
hutu tor Mr. Kurley until after daylight to-day.
TWEED'S "PROPERTY L!!VKTI01.?
The lajunriion It entraining the "Hons" from
Ntlllac IIM Kril Rotate Not To He Cen
Cinncd?Argument* Helore Judge Learned.
AI.HANT, N. Y., Deo. 27, 1871.
The case of the mjuuctlon granted In New York,
restraining William M. Tweed from disposing ol bis
properly, was brought beiore Judge Learned this
alternoon at the Special Term or the Supreme
Court.
Mr. Peckham said he had a motion for an Injunc
tion restraining William M. Tweed from removing
and disposing of hlM property.
Mr. John k. Buhrill moved to vacate tho order
already granted.
Mr. PackiM* opposed the motion.
Mr. Burrill moved to vacate the order as irregu
lar, as it was not made returnable in ten days us
required by rule 04 of the Court.
The Jodok said tho rule had heen disregarded by
other Judges. They had not paid any attention to
It. He had taken no action under it, but other
judgee had.
Mr. Pkckham said the motion was made on
frivolous grounds. The irregularity amounted to
nothing, and had so been held before other judges.
Mr. Morrill said his luotiou was to vacate the
entire oruer.
Mr. Reynolds said the rule bad been violated,
and there was but one course for the Court to pur
sue. If the rule was to be disregarded, why not
aoollsh ltr
Mr. Bukkill said the rule made an order return
able In ten duys. This order made it thirty days and
tied up the case until that time. Tlie ten-day
oroer was lor the protection ol the party in interest.
Tne Juduk inquired why the order was not return
able in New York.
Mr. liuuKiLi. said ti could not be made returnable
beiore the Judge who issued It. No alternative was
offered except to come nere. There was no mode
ot forcing on the proceedings, and he uow caiue
here tor itliel. The whole tiling had been done in
violation ol the rules, aud llie proceedings were
therefore irregular.
The Juduk said he would like time to look into
the points raised.
Mr. i'KCkuvM asked tor the continuance of the in
junction preventing Mr. Tweed troin disposing of
ins property, lie staled that he had affidavits
showing that Mr. Tweed had disposed of properly
ana had been disposing ol a large amount ot prop,
erty. This property was disposed ol about the same
time the developments were made snowing Air.
Tweed's coinpucny in the Tainmauy King irauds
and about the time the suits were commenced lor
the recoverv of $0,000,000,
No counter aittduvits were offered.
Mr. Kukkili. criticised Hie itiiidavlts presented.
He said laal tins itijUncilOM bad already been vastly
ruinous to Mr. Tweed In a tinuucial point ol view,
it bad been worse than tne enormous uau of
$1.0u0,000.
Judge Learned inquired if there was any threat
or evidence that Mr. Tweed was to dispone or uis
property.
Mr. Uurrill said there was no such threat or evi
dence of such Intention. There was uo evidence
that Mr. Tweed intended to defraud.
Tho Judge then denied the motion for an Injunc
tion restraining Mr. 1 weed irom disposing ol his
property.
BEECHEit'S NEGRO MINSTRELS.
The Oreni Plymouth Prcneher as "I'.ud
Mian"?A Fnll Troupe ol' Ileal l^ive llnrklei
in the Tabernacle of the Lord? Rollicking
rbotuMiHf lint No Naml hbukinK or
Duoiing.
Mr. Henry Ward Beecher, the eminent divine o
Brooklyn. our slater city, is a man remarkable for
many things. His great aim and chief object in life
Is never to be like anybody else. This achieved, and
he la perfectly satlstled unto himself and his
very peculiar congregation, or, aa the Irreve
rent term them, his "audience." But, uevcr bo
lore In his life has Mr. Beecher essayed
to appear as a manager of negro minstrels
or aa an "end man," as was apparent from the
nature of the performances last evening at
Plymouth church. A "Jubilee.singers' Concert," to
be given by a band of nine negroes, male and
female, had oceu largely advertised among the
faithful. Consequently, last evening, to answer this
call upon the pious and meek and lowly congrega
tion of Zion, about twenty-flvc hundred persons
had assembled m Plymouth church, composed
about equally of ladies and gentlemen. The
ladies?bless their dear Uttle precious tootsey
pootser hearts '.?were alt dressed up in
the latest styles. Just as if they were
present at a matint'e or merely listening to an open
ing chorus at Hooley's or a tamborlne solo at
Bryant's Minstrels. The precious Utile dears had
their muffs and their kids and their lace collars,
and their lorgnettes and their white handkerchiefs,
anu the little dears laughed anil flirted and winked
at the young mcu just as if they were lu a ball
room or at the Ceutral Park, and "all went merry
as a marriage bell" or a young maiden's llrst love.
hen the curtain rose ttie stage door, or rather
the door leading to the stage, openeu, and be.ore
mauv of the audience nad taken their scats, nine
mack darkies were discovered seated close to each
oilier in a parallel line, Bitting lu an awkward
'yiiBin.n reporter sat at the end of the gal
lery on tne righthund side, near tne big orgau, and
lu tue neigh oortiood of two very pretty gins?one a
blonde, witn a dimple in her chin, the other a bru
nette. with wicked black eyes. Tne brunette had a
big brother with her, wuo looked souriy at every
one who cast an eve at his pretty sister, and, like
all big biotners, lie made a nuisance 01 hiraseir.
The penormers were nine lu number?four girls,
ranging irom sixteen to twenty-three years ol age,
besides a quadroon girl ol about twenty-two, wuo
nrosiued at the piano and played all the aocom
I nauiraeuis. Then there wero lonr extremely decent
looking darkies all in black broadcloth, aud under
thirty years ot age, beside a very precocious lad of
twelve, who was (tressed as a clou <laucer. V\ lieu a
chorus was suug or a quartet tuen four girls stood
no all in a row like a staircase, tne tallest at one
end ami the shortest at the oiuer. The biggest girl
was Miss Jennie Jacksou, a tall brunette, dressed
in a green dress, with a cherry now. This uhecriul
blending ol colors lent an irridescent charm to her
leaiurea, whicn were as olack as a stovepipe. The
next ballet givi was miss Maggie Porter, of a coffee
colored complexion, aud who hail, despite her
hideous brown uress, a really exquisite voice, fresh
as a lark and tunelul as the harps of
/Ton. Jl some of our crack minstrels
desire to hear siuglug mat will take them
down a peg, let hiut go and hoar Miss Maggie
Porter ol tae "Jubilee Singers." Next to Miss
Macule Porter came Miss .Minnie Tate and Miss
Shenperd, the lormer of the two rivalling Miss
Maggie I'or.er lor the iresliuess ol ner voice.
Lie quadroon girl at the piano plaved In accom-
imminent and tho nine performers chauted the
Lord's Prayer in a barbaric Alricau fashion which
set the HERALD reporter's teem ajar.
Ui on pa wiui. with tub Dimple?Do you like
to lieur colored people slug when tncy are so oadiy
UrBiuCNirrI'E WITH WICKRD BvKS-Pm sure I don't
Know what to think ol the girl in green, She has a
vice, though. What a wonderful man Mr.
fteeiier is-his religion is so Intenseijhuuiaul Has;
every one is laughing at <he Lord'sTrayeh I sup
pose because they are making grlmacei when they
nuisance of a Bto Brother? Kate, who is that
fellow with the red nose, staring at you I 1 suppose
the reason Beecher Is so successful is because he
allows everybody to mako a Joke of religion; and
men and women are like monkeys?all mey wautls
a leader, and they are willing to walk in the broad
wayto destruction. Now tuls Is a precious bum
bug to see ail these people come here and patronize
tnesc poor niggers, who ought to ue home in their
beds! People 01 a superior race-or who fancy they
be oug to a superior race-like to patronize tnose
wnom they laucy to be of an inferior und docile
"aNvuitr Man Rises to Explain?Ladles and
gentlemen, 1 will state that no collection will be
flken uu lor the benelit of the Flsx Lnivenuy,
Nashville, Tenu., at which place these young people
"nlmsancr'op a Bio BROTHF.R?Bully for yon,
oid loilow I An elephant sat on my pocketbook
Explains Further?But yon can
send any money you may deem Ut that you should
suuscrliio to Weorge L. White, 59 Kcaae street, New
York citv. These people were all slaves belore the
war, and will sing tne songs of their bondage.
Nuisance of a Bio Buother (?Mto poop)?I'd
like to see ueorge L. White get a spare stamp from
me; just now 1 am not giving anything away.
Blonde with Dimple?uh, Billy, hush tho peo
ple will hear you talking that horrid slang.
Brunette with Wicked Eyes?1 wonder who
that man is with Ihe handsome black eyes, Ue
looks real sweet; doesu'the. Minnie?
This is a sample of tho conversation which was
continually buzzing in the reporiei's ears while tne
negroes were going through a very monotonous
minstrel periormauce. The little boy Master Weils,
who wore a clog dancer's costume, reciien that
dreadful poem, "Sheridan's Ride," and. all
patriotic bosh will Ihj applauded, he was stamped
ami clapped back into his seat and into quietness
at the dose of tus monotone. "Do Down, Moses,
"Koil, Jordan, Ron." "Swing l<ow, sweet
Chariot," mo cuorus "Oh, Hail is, xo
Free," from Frnaul; "Tho Old Folks at Home,
??Didn't My Izvrd Deliver Danielt" "Home, sweet
Home," "Babylon Is Fallen" and other negro melo
dies were sang just as tney would be suug in a
ooueert hall, and tne behavior of the audience was
just as it would oo in a negro minstrel hall, as it
Is Hooley's will heroalter have a rival in Plymouth
church, an I Mr. Beocner can safely claim that his
congregation are now supplied with ail the ueces
saiy aurBcuous atul amusements that eau make ino
endurable uud chcerluu
"TOM" FIELDS.
Continuation of the Argument on the Motion
Before Judge Learned, at Albany, to
the Order of Arrest-How the Ex-Commis
tioner ia Said to Have Worked the Fire
men's Claims Ihrough the Legisla
ture-Legal Lore, Pro and Con.
ALBANY, N. Y., Dec. J". 1871.
The argument was continue.! bciore Judge
Learned this morning on the motion to vacate .ue
order of arrest of Thomas C. Fields.
Mr. pbckbam, in opposition to the motion was
proceeding to characterize as renurkablc the
object of this motion, which the counsel making it
said was that their client could take hls scat ln the
Legislature with a clear record, when Mr. Beaoh
rose to correct the counsel.
I What he (Beach) nad said ?n his argument was
that he claimed as a point of law this order should
be vacated, and, as to his client, he did want to
spread before his colleagues and constituents the
anidavtis and papers here presented, showing his
I Innocence of any Illegal action.
Mr. I'kckham then proceeded to criticise the a
tiou or Fields, showing that i?y a law or ifWt* the
Comptroller had all authority to adjudicate a?Y eg*
i SsLs
S? SS SM.
SR5?SSriffflSU? SSjS'K.
Metropolitan or I'ald Department l
was urovtded that the existing elgut volunteer
coniDamcs in tlio upper purt ol the city should re
main such unpaid. Indue course of time nap
Soars Mr. Fields discovered lhat there
wiIh a trrcat injustice done these firemen
%ens retained as volunteers, and ho
took It. upon Himself to secure puy for tuem on their
assigning to hltn thirty-three per cent ot the"
allowance. These firemen, it should he remembered,
ware nerfectu satisfied until the appearance ol Air.
suns
he was cu.v Attorney, and was In duty boundiu?de
fend tlie city agauist any such att.uipt todciraui
treasury instead ot urging it on.
Messrs. BKACii and Reynolds claimed that
re inning of Fields in the case occuried in isfli.
or. I'kckham insisted that his retention was not
finally accomnlisli d uiull Novcnioe iM -i. lh-re
ii u iit have been talk about tne matter In 180., out
SXing was definitely done until ikoh. counsel
then mtssed on In review of the action or Fields
wiiUe a member ot the Legislature in behalf ol trio
bill providing for these illegal claims, wlucn,action,
ii? itiomrht came under the provi>ion of the
vue i siatat^ against nrloery. Mr. Fields, in his
ullldavlt, says that the Finance Departiiioiit ot New
Ynri nromnted lue passage of the bill, whetcas it
is sworn that that department knew nothing oi It
inun H was a law. It was passed on the last .lay of
the sessmn! and Fields was care. .1 to have .user.ed
t,. t?i? ot Hevemeeu i*ci cent tn it
tion to Urn thirty-three per cent a.rea.iy agreed
I U counsel then proceeded to discuss the law of
1 ls.ii* which limited a settlement of these claims to
*-,111)00 -iii.i iherctore, there could be no audit lie
u n.l that amount! By the allldavits it appeals
.acre were claims presented In ls.u never heard ol
bc.oie If there was no audit <>r any claim "eyoiid
the *f?i? uoo (ami mere Is no evidence of any I wins
is ilie Legislative sanction so eloiiiieutly aliudul o
&mxns
ir w nre
f'g? .^rars?' ax&X'iS;
a o.;1'"K
t? the law ol 187"). This law ol l?70 was smug
gled through the issgls.ature osiensibly io pay a
balance duo <?f less than $..oo to mute up the #50,o
authorized bv the law of isflo, when in reality, as
we nnd, it was used to sicure neanv half a million
l|i?,,,,|,a Tae counsel closed with an aiguiutnt
I t the right of the people of the state to
bring such actions as have ueeu Drought in these
CaMr" Beach rose to s?y that berore his associato
aS' Reyuidds) would present Uts argument he
wanted to call the attention of the court to tnc per
sistency ol the counsel in saying he (Mr. Iteachi nad
mud all the defendant wanted Tiere was a sort of
whtiowashing decision in his beliall.
ha. Sud nothing ot the kind. Thedciendaut had
come here for adjudication upon a point ol aw. a.ud
in it Dotut is, has iue plaintufhere a right of actio.!
V ic fl is bound to insist upon this right being
smnvn and li it is not siiowu then ne submitted
this order of arrest must lull, and he maintained
thai sucn right has not been shown as to the uncon
stmitiouahty or the act that there was not a aues
ttiin which had any bearing whatever nere.
Neither the Comptroller ol New York uor l-lolds
ffiuliL h6 PXDCClOd VO l6Ht (tllH HUCStlOUi
Mv Rky noli>h, oue ot counsel (or UoIendRul, pro
ceedeJ u7address the Court. Kelerrtng to tue claim
lhat the people of the Btate had extraordinary
rights tn prosecuting certain suits he said
that was claimed for England. He did
not propose to Inquire what was the
law or practice in England, but lie did
deuy that a State or nation In tins
country had an? such rights. Counsel then stated
that tue firemen oi the city r N c w Y or Ran u J* ki k
lyu were organized into a meliopolltan Bclmrt
ment under a law passed by the Legislature. T no
Fire Commissioners, it appears, In reorg.uilziug Hic
department, set oil the fire companies in tue north
part ol the city as volunteer unpaid Oremei whilo
those in ihe lower part were paid, in due course oi
time It was found tuese men m the upper partof the
city were entuied to pay. and Mr. Fields ci.
gaged to seoure pay lor them. This was
all there was of that. Now, it was
claimed mat Fields should have given up this en
gagement when lie became city Attorney. W heie
is the law which requires this personal sacrifice.
There to no sucn law. Then as to Fields' connection
with this matter as a member or the Legislature, a
law is passed limning the settlement of the clalms
to $60,000; but it is leared that there is more thau
$.Mi,ooo. that there is nearly $600,000 due. and
ihe legislature is upneaied to for an act liquidating
the claims in full, now, lhat is ail regular.
was ihe action of Fields as a member ol the Lege
lature. it is not shown that lie did unythlug more
than any other member of the Legislature c?noeirn
lug this bill indeed, he did nothing but vote lot it.
Counsel concluded with a rev.ew of a portlou of
the aiU lavlts, au.l the Judge took the papers.
SLDIKBS' ASD SAILORS' ORPHAN.
The lady managers ana friends of the Union
Home for the Orphans of .Soldiers and Sailors, in
this gladdest time of ail the year, did not forget the
orphaned little ones under their oare. Having
thellr own merry Christmas to attend to at home,
they deferred the celebration at the insti
tution until yesterday. Though the Institu
tion is pretty well out of town, lietng
situated ou trie Boulevard, near l.VJd street, there
was a large numlier of visitors present, who, as well
as the children, took great delignt in tho day's
festivities. The exercises were of a varied aud
pleasing character. Leading off the programme
was singing a chorus oy tho whole scnooi, and
which was most admirably sung. Tills was fol
lowed by solos, dialogues, recitations and
speeches, In which all acquitted themselves with
great, credit, stiowiug the careful training tliey
receive. These exercises concluded, au address fol
lowed by Mr. Myer stern, after which the children
were marched 111 true military style to iiehoid the
Christmas tree and to receive their presents In ail
adjoining room. Tnese were given to tnem bv Mr.
llarues, whose kindly manner socmed to Impart
additional happiness to each recipient. The pres
ents given were all of a sunstaniiul kind?at
least one of them, as each had several. The bors
received mostly either a sled or a pair of skates,
and Hie girls workoaskets and sncli necessary leml
nine articles. The benelactora of the institution
were nearly all present and apparently taking as
much pleasure in seeing the uuielgned enjoyment
of tbe children as the children themselves.
This undertaking does not excite as mm h
sympathy as it snoold, lor who can he too kind to
the offsprings or those who have gladly laid down
their lives, leaving, perhaps, tneir families desti
tute, to wrest our country irom the rule of traitors,
or from tne men under whose guidance it would
have been divided Into a North and South,
diametrically opposed to the interests of
each other f When they thus offered
up their lives they lelt their chlldreu
as sacred charges, to be oared for and educated to
become decent and respectable Weil and S'pmen.
When we neglect tnese children we show1 ourselves
ungtaieiul to the nieu who have given us a lrec and
prosperous government. This is worse than for
getlulness; it Is base Ingratitude. They have not,
however, heeu forgotten by the ladles, under whose
management the Home Is governed. The Piesi
dent is Mrs. Judge Charles P. Daly: the
Vice President, Mrs. Admirsl Karragnt; tbo Second
Vice President, Mrs. cenerai snaler; the .secretary,
Mrs. Hoy*. ruder tneir direction tbe institution is
rapidly improving. The presiding genius of the oc
casion was Judge Daly. Among the most promi
nent guests were Mrs. Hcnnral Sickles, Mrs. Sunset
s. Cox, Mrs. Charles W hillock, Mr. W. (lurmon, Mrs.
David aud others.
HEW GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS IN CHICAGO.
Cbicaoo, Dec. 27, 1871.
Collector Mof-ean, of this port, has received a
letter irom secretary Uoutwcll instructing him to
see the owners of tne block of lands on site of old
Custom House and Post Odtce and ascertain from
them what price they would put upon the land pro
vided the government desires to purchase. The
Collector notillJd tho property bottlers, who will
name fie price to-morrow, whicti will be sent to
Secretary Boutwell lor consideration. If I ho price
Is deemcu too high it will be rejected at onct, aud
the Collector he instructed to opeu negotiations for
a uew site.
COUNTERFEITING,
Trial of J. D. Minor, the Alleged
Counterfeiter.
Close of the Case -A Disagreement and
Final Verdict of Acquittal.
Yesterday the trial of J. n. Miner, the allege*
counterfeiter, was resumed in the United State*
Circuit Court beiore Judge Benedict. The Investi
gutlon has now lusted twelve days, ami has heen
one of the most remarkable of It* kind over held In
this country. It has created an amount of tntoiest
qutie unusual in trials of this character; and why
this is so may ho very well understood from the na
ture or the evidence which we have published from
day to day during the progress of the proceedings.
Mr. Plerrepont, Mr. Purdy and Mr. DeKay ap
peared as counsel on behalf of the government, and
Mr. William Fu lerton. Mr. Benjamin K. Phelps and
Mr. Charles H. Kltclud conducted the deteuce of Mr.
Mtuer.
The Court sat as early as ten o'clock, an<l at that
hour the court room was even more crowded than
ou the preceding day, when there was quite a largo
concourse of spodators present.
SrUMINU IIP FOR THE OOVI'RNMENT.
Mr. I'lerreponf. in a speech of over three hours*
duration, summed up ike case on benulf of the
government. Ho closely analyzed the evidence,
and presented It to tho jury In a light the most fa
vorable that could be glveu, according to his view
of its boarmg. He referred to the testimony of
Klliott, one or the witnesses called for tho deiencej
who deposed that on the nigut of Minor's arrest he
saw \uiillouten and Cole, with Miner, leaVo Miner's
house; that the riltrht wus not dark, and that right
oppo.siro Miner's house there were two lamps light
ed. On the otuer hand, it was testified by the wit
Besses iliac the detectives could not nave seen what
they purported to describe. After adverting to other
points, and making comments as ho went along,
counsel concluded by urging that he believed he had
made such u case as would entitle the government
to a verdict.
4UOGB UKNKIIICT'S CffAK.IE TO THE JURY?WHAT HH
thinks of okramvBs.
Judge Benedict then proceeded to deliver his
charge to the jury. It was a fair and lmpartia,
address from the beginning lo the close. Ho told
the jury that this case was to turn on u question of
lact, and It was lor the jury and not for the Court
to decide that question. He did not propose to
share that responsibility. That responsibility was
upon tfic Jury. His duty would have been dis.
charged when he should have cxpiatnod to theni
tue real issue they had to try. At the outset lie
called upon .hen, to dismiss f.om their minds any
prej udice ihut ml,.lit have been created therein.
1 he defendant's power or wealth was nothing hero;
the government was nothing here; the detectives
were nothing here; the
tiieaSiiry department
was nothing here. All these things were to be dis
missed from .he tniuds or the Jury, aud for tho J ury
onestlon? or rt?Pt'^n! >*aH, no,,h"J8 a stmplo
I hict Lo ho decided Qcconiljiir to tho
evidence. rt.nlnal law dealt nut w generaUiie*
but witn specific allegations and proof oi racr ami
,'iliV V!':V('e "illi wiut to be raised because the
defendant was a had or a good man. The uucstton
wnSther 10 .c*'ivlctM depended ^upou
v\ Beth, r tue nargo made n. the mdictincnt bud
n'Vin"i''ri0VUl i '"'Y0111' reasonable douot to be true
1 Uc Judge then commented on the
testimony ok coi.r,
SSj !"1'. 'VV?W a notorious criminal, who
u term ,,IU Stut? Prison, and ho
confessed to the commission ol au offence which
would have again sent him to prison. Ho was called
a* u witness, and lie stated that he was
ntOMISBII HIS MHEKTY
if he brought the defendant witn itiose plates In his
possession into me presence of one or more of it 1
deieetives ol the secret service. This ne oromlsed
to do. Colonel Wtutiey Is,camo his ball in $10000
taking security from (,'ole lor muug so. The use of
s"a ,mrpo*?wa* '?:t wuhouf or
PAN.,Kit TO Title ADMI.VISIKATION OK JITSTirK
and it would be utuate to conv.ct on the testimony
ol such u person unless that testimony was corrobo
rated. With regard 10 the testimony of ilewuvM
be repealed that as a class il.eir testimony was to lut
scrutinized with caution. He ntu ot say u,at d?
tecttvea never tola the trutb, lie did not sav ti.e?
tTa^fmmatVh?iUlHt8ken ou Uus stan'1' ??ut ho did say
that from their occnpatiou and calling
LfViNO A l.lfli Of UK. K, r
fmo n?,''"gdged in manuiactnrlng tun
ti 1 Cole roul?l oulv miuijU release'! aud iimri
fledl or a verdict convicting Miner ami
ss'H'SSSSsS1!?
laming u.e plates in evidence came irom mR?h
0 Miner or the naud olCom when It??ttoSwJfh?
i-uVmrn ii,?Anterii<lverUMg to 1,10 ??8Wmony o*Mr
roy, and the non-production ol the lero.r
Whitley to have beep writtenbyMlnip a.
tho"i. lo "ave contained UiYtrunk check
fs? X'niTswsiZTx;; r0
Mr. Stilwell, the Heputy Clerk askmi
they Had agreed upon a verdict. ncm lf
?'We havo not!">TotJSKv' r?reinan of ">e jnry said:
tbem^Hesm'am^ume nCn l? 8pcak aiUon?
jn^BKStf0" >0ur Uonor "anI tp the
Die Jtfuag?No; but I understand one of ik.
ontu SmTJSiSHui
i-scau"""" ?na
THK JURY CAI.LtP INTO COHRT AT tflDNIdtlT?
SI ILL DISAOKEB ANU ABE SENT BACk KOK Pl/RTItKR
UKi.tiiK ration. kurtiikr
Escf1'" iK.'Krj
The Foreman?We have not,
,sT.? JUU"B-' rei'elved your commnnlcfttion from
rjsLssi?, a-rffig
r-r XT',,!
important a result should be react e,i
bffeillgenco is such 1 deem it my dut "o give
iu?her opponuutiv to consider the points of
the cuse. you will, therefore, retire again ami it
au<l ,ril?riu me, tnroutfti tue
here to retreiveyoor verdmt
n he jnrV' as desired by the Judge, again retired
one of them getting leave from the Court to go out
in company with an officer tor a tew moments 1!.
a a^lghVuineStL,l,t4Ua wme "lu,llc"10 ,or l,ie re'?ef of
VKRDICT OP "NOT OrtLTY."
At uve minutes to one o'clock this mornimr .h.
Jury lor Hie third time came into Court aud
again asked by the Clerk If they had agreed
The Foreman?We have, sir.
no?gum7"?W Ooj"ufin,lt"e Prisoner, gnllty or
spectators.1)M4N~^0t 8U"t'' (^DPUuse from th?
-KCK-tfsasA""rn"-'
l.ach member of the jury was then asked If that
u.ni!Lv?.r"l.('1 a,l(' he reP|le" '"e affirmative
Mr. Fullerton, Mr. Fhelps and Mr. Kitchei Mr
Miners counsel, warmly congratulated mm inJon
the result, as dtu also a lurgo number of personal
ino vordTct? Wtr? IU aUcn<Jauce -odiously uwaning
severni of the Jurors were then discharged from
fUitlDT attendance during the term, and 1 he Court
was adjourned till Tuesday nexu
THE CHICAGO 'rRONK MYSTERY."
A l.wrfy Din In ihe House mf n Frmalr
tar?The Body i'arkril to a Box and Neat
to Ohi??Arrest of the Mitn Who Hoe the
Corpse?The Police Niippoied to llate Been
.tllninlten In the Matter.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27, 1871.
The Chicago papers contain to-day ati ex position
or what was foreshadowed in these despatches a
few days since under the title of "Another
bowlsby-Rosenzwetg Case." The facta so far pub
lished 8how that a Mrs. McCoy, a milliner, residing
at Crestline, Ohio, a lady of good character, came
to this city and either went herself or was taken to
a female doctor on state street, where she died in a
few days and was packed in a box and sent off to
Ohio, where trio body was discovered and arrests
were made.
Among others arrested was a baggage master on
tnc rmsburg, Kort Wayne and t Im ago Kallroad,
by the name or William lhreb, who was engaged to
be married to Mrs. McCoy.
ii Is claimed or the police that an abortion had
been practised upon the deceased. Dr. Miller, wito
made a partial post-mortem examination ui the re
mains, *ur* tie lias discovered uo grounds on winch
to oa-e a bein-t mat tnc woman died other than a
aatulnl death.