THE MORNING ST™
VOL. IV. NO. 110.
TELEGRAMS
TO THE MORNING STAR.
[BY AMERICAN PRKBB ASSOCIATION.].
FEOM CHICAGO'S RUINS.
Finding of More Bodies.
The Victims Supposed to tfum-
ber One Thousand.
REBTORING ORDER.
Continued Arrival of Troops.
NO MERCY FOR THIEVES.
Working of the Water Works.
A NATION OF CHARITY.
Bodies Found—Ono Thousand Lives
Chicago, 111., Oct. 11.—The charred remains
of over one hundred persons have been taken
from the ruins. None of them have as yet been
identified, The remains of sixty victims were
found in the ruins of one barn. The loss .ot
life will exceed one thousand persons.
Ths Telegraphic Struggle with Fire.
Chicago, 111., Oct. 11.—The Franklin Tele
graph Company, whose lines were destroyed
for miles outside this city by the recent prairie
fires, nave, after great difficulty, succeeded in
rebuilding the lines, and having again restored
communication with all points, are prepared to
do business as usual. This company lost all
Its property in the city by the fire, including
instruments, batteries. Ac., and were compelled
to procure fresh material from the East. The
re-opening of the lines In such a short space nf
tiue, under these circumstances, speaks well
for the energy of the officers.
Order Being Rapidly Restored.
Chicago, 111.. Oct. 11.—Order is at last begin
ning to como out of the horrible chaos, caused
by the awful conflagration. Tho people are
courageously going to work. Troops have
been arriving during the day from various
quarters, including regulars and militia com
panies from surrounding cities, and a feeling
of security is beginning to arise, though citi
zens patrol the streets to-nigbt in large num
bers. General Sheridan is in command. Order
will be enforced. Thieves nnd incendiaries
will receive no mercy.
The Cry for Water Answered.
The most cheering fact since the Are is that
to-night the water commences running into the
pipes. One engine st the water works has
been found Miflicienily in order to be set in
motion. This removefl in a measure the terri
ble form oi suffering which is caused by a lack
of water.
Terror. Suffering and Death.
No tongue can describe the Buffering and ter
ror endured by the whole population of the
North Division, during Monday and Tuesday,
lhe flames on Sunday night drove them wildly
to the Lake shore,destitute of everything; tbm
only escaping being consumed by wetting their
blankets and wrapping themselves in them.
All day Monday, thousands were without fond,
and at night were exposed to rain and ecld.
Many perished from terror and exhaustion.
Notwithstanding all ihat has been endured
their courage has not failed.
The Work of Hsbnilding
will be commerced at once,
newspaper Enterprise.
The Tribune, Poet, Mail, and Journal all ap
peared tc-dav with small sheets hurriedly got
ten up in various kinds of type, and sold from
25c to $1 each. They are fl led with the shock
ing details of the great calamity and contain a
long list of dead and missing.
THE HATIOM’S CHIKIII.
IVcw Fork City.
New York, Oct. 11.—A number of Chambers
street merchants have contributed 12,150. Hat,
cap, fur and straw goods manutacturera and
dealers, subscribed $22,387.
Later.—The subscriptions for the Chicago
sufferers are swelling up magnificently. The
Merchants and Traders Exchange subscrip
tions, $2,103. Naval Store Board and Petroleum
Board have appointed a committee to collect
subscriptions. The Fire Commissioners to-day
decided to forward three first-class engines for
tbenseof that city. The Produce Exchange
contributed $4OOO. The North Britisn and Mer
cantile Insurance Company order all their loss
es promptly paid and contribute $5OOO beside.
Importers A Grocers Board of Trade, $15,000,
besides outside collections now making. Cot
ton Exchange list shows $12,000. Cyrus W.
Field subscribes $5OO, and telegraphed to Lon
don for further donations from influential
friends there. Robert Bonner, owner of Dax
ter, subscribed $lO,OOO. American Tea Com
pany will give the receipts of fourteen stores
on Saturday next.
The agents here of the North British Mercan
tile Insurance Company of London and Edin
burgh. ten million dollars canltal, received a
telegram to-day signed by J. W. Caver, chair
man of the London Board of Directors, author
izing them to settle all losses by the Chicago
Are promptly, drawing at three days, and to
subscribe $5OOO for the sufferers.
New York State.
UncA, N.T., Oet. 11.—At a meeting of the
Common Council of this city, held last evening,
$lO,OOO were appropriated for Chicago. A citi
zens’meeting will be held this evening, and
large amounts are expected to be naised.
Pennsylvania.
Philadelphia, Pa., Oct. 11.—A masting was
held at noon to-day by the operative* at the
Mint, tor tbe purpose of eolfoeting faada for
the relief of tbe anffarers by the Chicago fire.
Ex-Governor Pollock, director of the Mint, pre-
Lost.
sided. Resolutions expressive of sympathy
were adopted, and a committee appointed to
make collections.
A Word from Fresldsut Great.
Washington, a>. C., Oct. 11.—The President
has telegraphed to Representative Hooper of
Boston that he would be glad If the money ap
propriated to entertain him would be spent tor
like benefit of the Chicago sufferers.
Mew Jersey.
Nxw Brunswick, N. J., Oct. 11.—The Com
mon Council ot this city, this evening, unani
mously appropriated five thousand dollars for
the Chicago sufferers.
JerskyCitt, N. J., Oct. 11.—The Board of
Finance are to issue one year bonds tor fifty
thousand dollars for relief of Chicago.
Portland, Me., Oct. 11 —At a citizens’ meet
ing this morning, presided over by Mayor
Kingsbury, over eleven thousand dollars were
subscribed on the spot, and a committee ap
pointed to take up general subscript ions.
Connecticut.
Hartford. Ct.. Oat. 11.—A popular sub
scription in aid of Chicago has been opened in
thia city at the American National Bank, and
the Mayor has called a meeting of citizens for
to-morrowing, to lurther (he object. Already
the President of the bank, Mr. Swift, has re
ceived assurances of liberal subscriptions trom
many ol our citizens, who are also heavy los
ers by the disaster. Our leading insurance
companies have directed their agents to com
merce paying losses.
Miscellaneous.
Cincinnati, Oct. 11.—Private advices state
that Chicago is under martial law. The
soldiers are making no arrests, but are killing
turbulent characters on the spot. Seven nel
sons are reported to have been shot and hung
for attempting to set fire to buildings.
Indianapolis, Oct.. 11.—Rev. Dr. Eddy, who
has Just arrived from Chicago, reports that the
loss ot both lite and property is beyond con
ception. The people are starving by thousands,
and there are not lees than 80,000 homeless per
sons. Prepared food and clothing are urgently
needed. Thus far the supplies sent have not
lessened the peril of starvation. Qarroting
and thieving are frequent at night.
A private letter from Chicago states that un
less assistance speedily arrives the mortality
will be dreadful. The subscriptions at the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce at noon
were over one hundred thousand. Many In
surance Companies ceased issuing policies to
day, as a precautionary measure. No failures
are announced. Private dispatches ftrom Chi
cago, dated this morning, say the city is quiet.
Provisions are plenty. Not a house is standing
from Congress street to Lincoln Park, four
miles. The Michigan Avenue Hotel is the only
one left on the south side of the city.
Chicago, Oct. 11—noon.—Forty one persons
were shot In making arrests last night. The
ststion house was filled w ith prlaoners. The
number of bodies recovered ftrom the ruins now
reaches ninety.
ANOTHER FIRE CALAMITY
Feufal 6w?ep of Flames in
WiF cousin.
FRIGHTFUL LOSS OF LIFE
Milwaukie, Wis., Oat. bi,—The Mayor of
this city has received a dispatch from Mari
nette, Wis., to-day, containing information of a
terrible calamity which has befallen the lum
bering towns on Green Bny. Pcshtego village
mills, and Sugarbusb settlement, were entirely
consumed and swept away by Are on Sunday
night and Monday morning. From one hun
dred to three hundred lives were lost in the
conflagration. The whole country In that sec
tion has been devastated by lhe Are, which
swept through woods, fields and villages alike,
sweeping all before it, and leaving nothing but
smoking ruins in its track. Whole families
were aroused from sleep by the advance of the
flames, and were cveloped in their folds before
they had time to clothe themselves or escape,
and perished in their houses. Scores of dead
bodies are lying around half burned among
the debris, awaiting the horrified living ones to
bury them. Many of those who nave escaped
with life, have suffered so terribly that unless
medical aid arrives to save them they will die.
Hundreds have been rendered utterly desti
tute by cue cwlamlty, the extent of which can
not yet be fully realized.
Nscond Dispatch.
Green Bay, Wis., Oct. 11.—Menomonee Is
out of danger. Spofford A Gilmore’s mill Is
the only building burned. The danger which
threatened Menomonee has been averted by
the heavy rain which fell Monday night and
yesterday morning, and which thoroughly sub
dued the conflagration in this quarter, effec
tually checked .Is farther advance. The village
.of Meneikaun has suffered heavily by the Are.
Most of the buildings have been burned to the
ground, only a few being left standing. The
villagers saved little or no goods from the
flames; but simply fled for safety, leaving all
behind them to the quickly advancing corfln
gration. In consequence of the high wind, lhe
fire spread rapidly, quickly enveloping the ill
fated village. The Jon of life at Meneakaun is
not known. Pishtego met a similar fate. The
entire settlement was burned to the ground, to
gether with sixty or seventy inhabitants. The
remainder escaped, carrying with them what
few household goods the rapid approach of the
terrible flames would permit, with these and
with their children, they ran to the river Me
nomonee, about five or six miles distant,
where they now are In safety.
Third Dispatch.
Greek Bat, Wis., Oct. 11.—Abner King, a
messenger, has Just arrived from Menomonee.
He announces that the fire has been subdued
In that quarter, and that the town is safe.
The Amendment Vote.—Vote on Article
V: Adopt, none; Brjcc:, 02 Article VI: Adopt,
15; Reject, 50. Article VII: Adopt, 35; Re
ject, M.
Personal.—Mr. Joseph Brown, who had an
arm crushed in the machinery of tbe steamer
Empire State, about a week ago, and subse
quently amputated at a hospital in New York,
arrived at bis home in this city Wednesday
morning in charge of Dr. B. J. Handy of th; s
city. Mr. Brown is in a feeble condition.
Dead Body Found -Mysterious affair.
—Tuesday forenoon, as George Bose and
George Springer, two lads who live st tbe Stone
Bridge, were in tbe swamp In ‘‘Land-and-
Headew Woods,” looking after their rabbit
and partridge traps, they discovered tne deed
body of a maa, with bead, arms and feet gone.
A striped shirt and a vest were tbe only ar
ticles of clothing on tbe body. A bat waa
found near by. From appearances, tbe body
must have been there for a considerable length
of time. As ao person Is missing from that
vtetakv, the ease ie Involved la m r stery. A
eoroner’s jury is to bo held to investigate tbe
matter.- .Vom.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1871.
.name.
Exeter.
Fall Bl ver.
CABLE DISPATCHES.
Wife Murder in London.
Fenian Amnesty Meeting in
Dublin.
Another Treaty about Concluded
FROM WASHINGTON
Mucrilaneouß Intelligence.
WREST HHITAIN.
A L mdon Clorgrmoa Murders his Wife
and Attempts Suicide.
London. Out. 11.—The Rev. Mr. Watson, a
clergyman of this city, who has gained consid
erable celebrity as an author, murdered his
wife to-day and shortly afterward attempted Ao
take his own life. Tbe laUer attempt was for
tunately frustrated. No cause Is assigned for
the murder.
Fenian Meet In*.
London, Oot. 11.—A large and orderly meet
ing to oceuro amnesty for the Imprisoned
Fenians was held in Dublin last evening.
Speeches wore made by several prominent
Irishmen.
GERMANY.
Consular,end Trade Mark Treaty.
London, Oct. 11.—A special despatch to the
TeJtffraph dated Berlin 10th, says a treaty reg
ulating Consular relations and guaranteeing
trade marks is about to be concluded between
North Germany, Great Britain and the United
States.
rfKOM WASHINGTON,
Consul Mecognlaed.
Washington. D. C„ Oct. 11.—The President
has recognized Nelson Vinquist as Vice Con
sul of Sweden and Norway, at Omaha.
The Ohio lent ion.
The Republican Central Committee have a
dispatch from Ohio, claiming twenty-one ma
jority in the legislative Joint ballot.
We venue Appointment.
The President has appointed P. Judd, as Col
lector of Internal Revenue ot the Second Dis
trict of Minnesota.
NEW ZEIL*NI» ADVICE*.
Business Reviving-Enormous Yield of
Mold Mines Chinese Immigration
Fire.
San Francisco, Cat, Oot. 11.—The follow
ing advices from New Zealand have been
brought by steamship Moses Taylor, which ar
rived to-day:
Large business enterprises of various de
scriptions have been innugu rated throughout
New Zonland. A number of contracts are now
in operation for the construction of various
railwav lines. Busiuera is generally reviving.
The Thomas gold mines are yielding enor
mously. Tbe total export during jthe last
quarter was 175,000 ounces, making a total dur
ing tbe last six months ot 320,000 ounces oftgold.
The Caledonia gold mine is yielding immensely.
The yield for one year amounts to the sum of
$2,500,000.
The immigration of Chinese is very large,
every ship arriving from Hong Kong being
loaded with emigrants.
The New Zealand Insurance Company’s fine
bui>ding at Auckland, lias been partly destroy
ed by fire.
Weather Probabilities.
Washington, D. C.. Oct. 11 —73 b m.
An area of low barometer, with southwesterly
wind;, will probably advance on Thursday
from the extreme northwest Into lowa and
Wisconsin. Disturbance of some severity is
apprehended in the southern portions or the
Gulf. Clear weather will probably continue
on Thursday from lhe luterlor of the Gnll States
to lhe Ohio Valley. The cloudiness will clear
away, with cold northwest winds, fromVlrglnia
to New York, by Thursday morning, and in
New England later In the day.
The New York v*untcipal NltuaUon.
New York, Oct. 11.—The municipal situa
tion has undergone no change to-day. Mr.
Tweed is preparing a communication with
reference to his department and cjnienscs, for
presentation to Deputy Comptrol! Greene.
It is rumored that a largo number of office
holders will be removed this w«ek-
The suit oi William F. Havemyer to recover
six m'Hions dollars, alleged to have been ob
tained by J. 11. Ingemoll, fraudulently from the
city, was continued to-day. The whole day
was occupied in debate.
Indians on the War Path.
San Francisco, Cai., Oct. 11.—One of lhe
native Indian chiefs at tbe head of his tribe,la
on the war path, and has assumed a hostile at
titude toward tbe while settlers in several dis
tricts. Trouble is apprehended, but no collis
ion has yet taken place.
Miscellaneous blasbe*.
—Carefully revised returns from all parts of
Philadelphia, give the Republicans amsjonty
of 19,300.
—Co). Wm. B. Mann, commenced a libel suit
yesterday morning against tbe Xye and Sunday
Mercury of Philadelphia.
—Returns from tbe Obie election declare a
verv light vote throughout tbe Stale. It is
thought tbe Democrat* have a majority in tbe
Legislature.
—Tbe Pacific mall steamer Arizona hss ar
rived at San Francisco from China and Japan,
with 30,000 packages of tea, 22,000 of which are
destined for New York via railroad.
Chicago Aid from the Me wport Toipe*
do Station.
(Special Dispatch to The Morning Star.)
Newport, R. L, Oct. 11.—At tbe Torpedo
Station in Newport, each man to-day gave a
day’s pay toward tbe Chicago relief fund. Tbe
sum total amounts to three hundred dollars.
(Special Dispatch to Tbe Morning Star.)
Newport. R. I Oct. 11.—At a special meet
ing of tbe City Council this evening, three
thousand dollars, tbe extent allowed or city
charter, waa appropriated for Chicago. Ar
rangements ware made for receiving contribu
tions of money, clothing, and other article*
froaeltim*. Also passed rseoluttons of inb
spscttolhe measory of tbe Hon. William H.
Cranston, Ex-Mayor, and voted to attend th*
fateral to a body.
Conweil Proceedings.
L(HIAL NKWB.
TOWN TALK.
—A low gear broke down last evening in
South Waler street.
—Thirteen prisoners and seven lodgers at tho
Central Station last night.
—The dummy engine ran from the track on
Canal street yesterday afternoon, causing a
short delay.
—"Old Probabilities” is almost invariably
right in his predictions. The rain of yesterday
wss foretold.
—Miss Kate Stanton, of this city, has offered
to lecture In tho large cities for tho benefit of
the Chicago suflerers.
—Even the wonderful Point street bridge has
been lost sight of since tbe exciting news from
Chicago commenced coming over tbe wires.
—Tho member* of St. Stephens* Church will
meet to-day al the rooms of the Parish
Work Association, to sew for the Chicago suf
iorers.
—Lauriston Towne, of tho firm of Sankei,
Davis A Co., of this city, has Just had his pa
tent extended for chain machine, by the au
thorities at Washington.
—John Dav I*, a young colored man, employ
ed on the Wiliam L. Thornton farm In Cran
ston, was seriously injured on Monday after
noon by failing under the wheels of an ox team
which he was driving.
—A number of unruly boys could find
nothing more amusing for themselves Tues
day than disturbing the school for ooloredor
phane, on Olivo street. They will have to suf
tor for It before the courts.
—A boy about six years old, son of Mr.
Owen McNeal, was run over by a careless
driver of an express wagon, on Cranston
street, Tuesday evening. The latter did not
stop to see what Injury ho had done.
—Attention is called io tho notice elsewhere
of tbe Treasurer of tbe Mechanic* Raving*
Bank in this city, by which It is shown that
th* loans of th* corporation upon real estate in
Chicago are based upon ample security.
—This evening Ocean Steam Fire Engine
Company, No. 7, give a grand ball In Firemen**
Hall, on Richmond street, and tbe company
has decided to contribute the profit arising
from the occasion, to the Chicago relief fund.
—Mr. Lowell** next visit to Providence will
be with Mr. John Collins, very popular Irish
comedian, who will appear In Harrington'*
Opera House next Monday and Tuesday eve
nings, in Bouolcault** great drama of Th* Col
leen Bewn.
—A workman upon lodge at Riverdale, a
mile thia aide of Northbridge, on the Providence
and Worcester road, wan run over and killed
yesterday by the train which left thia olty at
two o’clock in the afternoon, The name of the
victim is not reported.
Hen. Caleb Cusblng ia to appear in our Su
premo Court and argue the caae of Richmond
Manufacturing Company vs. Atlantic Del,tine
Company, to enjoin the latter Company from
polluting the Woonasquatucket River, ao as to
interfere with the printing of oom plainanta.
—“Through by Day light, another of Me-
Cloaky’a aennational playa, waa produced laat
evening at the Opera Houac, and gave great
aatlafaction to the largo audience present. Mr.
Jamon M. Ward, the favorite comedian, re
ceived many teallmoniala of appreciation, ilia
performance waa spirited and veranillo. The
play la full of incldcnta, and intercatlng and
exciting. It *III be repeated thia evening.
—A native of thia city, Wm. Mnenaeher, Esq.,
died In Taunton on Saturday, at the age ol 75.
Ilia life lisa been an uaelul one, having flllef
the position of cashier in the Manufacturers
and Farmers’ Rank of thia city, the Eagle
Rank of Rriatol, and the Rnstol County Rank
of Taunton, continuing in the latter twenty
throe years. lie wns also a welt-skilled teacher
ol music, and an organist of considerable
reputation.
—A gcntlen.an very wdl known In this com
munity, now a reaident in Chicago, wrote a
letter to a friend here, dated on Saturday last,
in which be waa aeemlngly highly enthusiastic
in consequence of his extraordinary success in
business there. Orders were coming In tally
as rapidly as they could be filled, and the pro
fits were very handsome. Hie establishment
was located in the midst of the burnt district,
and although no word has yet been received
from him since the fire, he is now without
doubt a ruined man.
—Kate Relgnolds will doubtless have tall
houses Friday and Saturday evenings at the
Opera House. The two pieces announced:
Pink and White Tyranny, by Mrs. Stowe, and
A Terrible Temptation, by Charles Reade, have
been pretty thoroughly read In story form, and
hence there will be a strong desire to witness
their dramatizations, in which their strong
points will be likely to be brought out. Miss
Relgnolds is a favorite actress In Providence,
and the company supporting her is pronounced
by our exchanges to be a good one.
—The Boston Journal says that late on Sat
urday night an attempt was made to burglar
ize the bouse of Dr. Lovejoy, in Haverhill. The
gentleman himself has been absent several
months on business, In Rhode Island, Ihe is
Superintendent of our State Farm], and only
his wife and children and servant were in the
bouse. The burglars tried the windows, hav
ing first failed at the door, and awakened the
servant, who in turn aroused her mistress. A
little vigorous calling to a neighbor lor help so
startled the burglars that they gave up the job,
and fled incontinently.
—Many rumors have been emulated bore
within a day or two, somewhat derogatory to
llm taaaeial standing of tbe Franklin Insur
ance Company of Philadelphia, which was ac
knowledged, before the Chicago Ire, to ba Um
PRICE ONE CENT
i
strongest insurance company tn America. ThO
Agent of the Company In this city, received
yesterday a ftlapalch from Alfisd G. Baker,
President, which says: "The Franklin looses
will not exceed live hundred thousand la every
contingency. She ia sound and aata, and wo
think we are the strongest agency company In
the field. Get tall rates for our policies."
—The committee on the Franklin Lyceum
course of lectures have, put out a programme
tar the present season that Is exceedingly at
tractive, and can hardly tail to secure a sale of
tloketa larger than in any former season. John
B. Gough will open with hla new lecture, oa
Friday evening of next week. Madame Pa- x
repa-Rosa will follow in a concert, assisted by
other competent talent. Then comes Mrs.
Scott Slddons In readings, and also Mr. Jamea
E. Murdoch, while Mr. George Wm. Curtis,
Hon. O. P. Morton and Anna E. Dickinson, to*
gather with one other, yet to be announced,
will fill up the lecturing portion of the Course.
Each lecture Is to be preceded by an organ
concert. The sale cf reserved seats commences
next Monday morning at eight o’clock.
Woman’s Board or Missions.— Tho third
annual meeting of tho Woman’a Beard of Mia*
siona will be held Thursday, October 13th, in
tho vestry of the Central Congregational Church
(Benefit street) at 4 o’clock.
LihMAt..—lt waa anwunoed In the meeting
tar the relief of the Chicago sufferers yesterday
that Messrs. A. A W. Sprague had notified the
Mayor of Chicago, on Monday laat, that he
oould draw upon them for fAouaand doUera
to be uaed for tho suffering people. Such
promptness and liberality la like that firm, and
la an honor to them and tho State.
Finn iNauRANCK.—Mr. A. H. White, the
agent of several first-class fire Insurance com
panies, sent ua the following dispatch from
Boston, yesterday. Itexplsina Itself:
“The Germania Fire Ina. Co., and Atlantic
Fire Ina. Co., and tho Liverpool and London,
represented by ma, are all right. The Ger
mania will have four hundred thousand sur
plus after paying the Chicago loss. I have ar
ranged to plane Insurance for any amount in
Boston and New York companion that are
sound." A. H. WHITR.
IRRKBKKNHIHLK SOOIBTY.—Th*r* Will be
»pecii> 1 meeting of tho Irrepressible Society at
their rooms, No. 81 North Mala street, Thurs
day morning at eleven o’clock a. m., fcr thg
Bur pose or sending relief to the people of
hloaco. A”. members of the society and all
ladies interested In tho work are earnestly
ursed u> be present.
Tho public ore notified th*t contribution* of
clothing, bedding, money material* for gar
ments and article* which will add comfort to
the sick and burned, are solicited and will bo
Immediately forwarded to tbe suffering, They
may be sent to the room* of the society No*.
S and 4 CaleP* building, 81 North Main *tr*et,
on Thursdav or Friday.
TAs Board of hfanaaeri will meet al th* *am*
place at one o'clock Thursday, Oat 12th,
Laudabmc GKNBRoaiTY.—We append the
following letters, which tell tbeir own story of
well-placed and grnt-tally accepted kindness,
and oonaequontly call for no comment:
Adami House, Oct, S,
Afr. J. Delmon Grace:
Dear SirWe, the und ‘•reigned. wishing to
manifest tho regard which wcliave long enter* i
talnod for you an a meritorious actor, and our
sympathy for you an n disable-! and unfortun
ate man, Cake pleasure, in view of the fact that
your Benefit occurs on the »lh of November, In
tendering the accommodations of the Adame
House to the art I a ton who may come from
abroad to aanlnt on that occasion. Trusting that
the Benefit may do Indeed a solid one, and be
lieving the affair will bo a marked event In the
dramatic hi a tory of our city.
Wo remain.
Your friends,
N. STEARNS A CO.
Albert Adams, Superintendent.
Providence, Oct, 11.
Wreert N. SI Mr nt Co
Gentlemen—Your generous nroposal is be
fore me, and yoiir novel and pleasant rondo of S
doing mo a kindness tills mo with gratitude. I
shat I moat gladly avail myself of your proffered
hospitality, and during the brief time that my
friends from abroad will bo here, I shall be bap.
Kto “see them well bestowed” at Your excel
it Hotel.
Yours moat thankfully,
J. Dklmor gracb.
Inquest.—Coroner Knowles, yesterday fore
noon h< Id an Inquest at the Rhode Island Hospi
tal on the body of Jonn F. Brown, one of tbe In
mates. The testimony disclosed tba* he had
been in the Hospital since Aug. 0, laboring
under a special difficulty, aggravating in char
acter and apparently bevond remedy. He wan
beard yesterday morning about 5 o’clock by one
of the patients. Charles H. Gladding, who oc
cupied tbe third bed from tbe deceased.
He was then moaning, and soon after
a report of a pistol was heard, but Glad
ding thought it was farther off. The deceased
ceasing his moaning soon after, Gladding got
up and went to the bed and found him dead.—
He called the nurse, then the house surgeon.
Dr. Granger, who camo and found a wound in
the right ear, the bsll having penetrated tbo
substance of the brain; the pistol which was a
small single-barreled one, was in his hsnd, aw
it dropped after the fl ring. The deceased gave
no evidence of Insantltv, and generally was of
a happy frame of mind. A note was left by
him, enclosed in an envelope, directed to the
Superintendent of the Ward, as follows:
R. I. Hospital, Providbnce. Oct. 9.1871.
Mr. Gordon, Warden R. I. Hospital—Dear
Sir:—l must take my leave of you, and I wish
you to accept of my heartfelt thanks for tbe
kindness and respect you have shown me.
Hesse convey to the nurses the same, and to all
the suffering Inmates. Give them a parting
farewell, hoping that wo shall all meet
where sickness nor pain never comes;
and the physicians, al), will please ac
cept many thanks. 1 cannot see anything
in this world worth living for. There
is nothing but sickness and trouble. My lot
has been a hard one from childhood, and I
wish to be at rest, and dwell with Him that
knoweth tbe heart.
Farewon to all.
J. F. Brown.
We cannot live alway;
I ask not to stay,
Where storm after storm
Rolla down in the way.
The verdiet of the Jury was m accordance
with tbe facto, death by a pistol shot by hia
own hand.
The deceased belonged in this city, but for
some time reeided in Maine. He returned to
tbe State this summer and until ho entered the
hospital lived with his daughter In Johnston,
Ho was 97 years of ago.
I
b