%.r
SINGLE COPIES: TEN CENTS.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA.
TERMS: $16 CO PER ANNUM.
VOLUME T—370. 166.
NEW ORLEANS, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1871.
WHOLE NUMBER 1389.
s T
CI1ARLC4 THEATRE.
Ben l>el>ar........... ...................Proprietor.
LAST FIVE NIGHTS OF THE LI58GARLS AND
COMPANY.
Tuesday EtmIbiu October Hi.
Dee ded siueess of tbe -eatirely new*£nl original
four-art play, entitled
UNA,
With the following cast
AFT I.
I'NA, the forsaken young wife.
ALICE DntlSStG (Lingard)
**'RAIiK LINWOOD, a »Li*-u«] detective.
W. HORACE LINGARD.
Pertie, waiting maid to the Bairymp'.ee.
ai c s D. Lingard
Mi#8 Blanche Galton
____Sliac Jennie Cook
.Mr.:Frank Evans
Mr. John Mathews
Mr. B. F. 1 tunning
.....-Mr. H. Lorraine
Henrietta
Mis. Da rvinple.........
Walter Temple..........
Mr. Dairy in pie...........
Mark M irk ins............
Servant..................
ACT 11.
Mrs Anstey, a widow i
govert ess 4 Alice Dunning Lingard
August us Harrington—
•J\eut»eL Davis, a Jew i
money-lender....... William Horace L ngard
Jcines, the waiter........
ACT III.
Characters in the grand rehearsal:
d.cahontas.............. Alice DunningJLingard
T lburina
Confidante........
i* r Christopher Hatton.
Sir Walter Raleigh.......
The Earl of Leicester..
Don Whiskerandos Music
.Miss D. Lingard
.........Miss F. Shepard
...Mr. G. W. Middleton
.......Mr. k.E. Chester
.......Mr. Frank Evats
William Horace Lingard
^TL«e Governor ......................Mr. U. H. Glov- r
The Master of the Jlorse.............Mr. D. Duncan
ACT IV.
(Same characters as in Act 1.)
In the Rehearsal Act,
THE LINGARD SKETCHES,
Including an impersonation of the late R. E. Lee.
FRIDAY, October 27—Benefit of the LING ARDS,
o 24
^l ADEMV OF MVniV.
p. BTTVWELL..............................Proprietor
E L. KELLER.......................Stage Manager
J. KITTRIDGE............................Treasuier
RETURN TO THE LEGITIMATE.
Tbe Only Refslsr OinmatieOrcaniEmcion
In thin C ity.
The r.anagement take pleasure in annor.nciM: that
with the engagement of the RANKIN ENGLISH
COMEDY COMPANY he returns to tbe regular
current attraction of the season, commencing
on
Monday Evening, October 'A3.
He has also especial gratification in being enabled
to produce, in addition to an unusually large
repertoire, the latest ELEGANT ENGLISH
COMEDIES AND OPERETTAS, the great mae
terwork of the late CHARLES DICKENS. Wing
a magnificent dramatization of David Copper
field. entitled
LITTLE E.IPLY,
With a distribution of characters by this splend.4
organization, each member of which has l**eu
especially engaged in older to invest every
part in the cast with that truthful character
painting designed by the author, and which,
tor talent and artistic excellence, has no equal
in any theatre in ibis country The Realistic
Scenic Illustrations and Sensational Effects
have never been m ailed on the n odern stage.
Other ei gant novelties in preparation. oc21
G K
A YD FETE CHA.MPETKE
CARROLLTON GARDEN*.
For tbe Benefit of the
OUU FELLOWS' REST.
Commencing MONDAY', October 23. an,! continuing
Six Pays.
Admission for Gentlemen, #1. Ladies, free,
ocl 8 15.22 td
Q.KAND PROMENADE CONCERT*,
AT TUB
MAGNOLIA GARDEN
(Bayou Bridge),
■very Wednesday and Sunday Afternoons.
TBE BEST BRASS BAND IN AMERICA.
Admission free. Refreshments of all kinds fur
giabed at reasonable rates.
je2 6m T. J. JCDT. Proprietor.
LOTTERIES.
THE
OF
LOUISIANA
J} RAWING
STATE LOTTERY FOR OCTOBER 43, IS71.
CLASS 454.
i

3
4
5
6
7
8
S 10
11
13
13
Mi
4fi
*74
4R
55
3
66
72
73' 31
1
59

Tbe above drawing* are published mail tbe prin
cipal papers, and are drawn in public daily at tbe
rooms of tbe company.
In'ormation furnished and prise* cashed by
HOWARD, SIMMONS k CO., Contractors.
St. Charles street, corner Union. New Orleans.
Witness our band* at New Orleans, Louisiana.
thl* twentv tliird day of October. 1871.
H. PERALTA,
ADAM OIFFE5
Commissioners.
BEWARE OF BOGUS LOTTERIES. *p2t
STATE
LOTTERY
J^OLISIA.NA
COMPART.
Incorporated August 17,1868.
CHARLES T. HOWARD................PRESIDENT.
MINGLE NUMBER LOTTERY.
SPLENDID SCHEME—ONLY 1PJ8K) NUMB IRS.
Capital Prise............8)0,000.
CLASS P.
TO BR DRAWN AT RBW ORLEANS OR
Saturday, November II. INTI,
HOWARD. SIMMONS k CO., Contractors.
SCHEME:
a hers—Tickets Only 840,
40.000 Mi
1 prize of §S0,OOQ Is........
1 prize of 34i,ooo is.........
1 prize of 80.ooe is.........
1 prize of 10,000 Is.........
1 prize of 9.000 is.........
I prize of 8 000 is.........
1 prize of 7,006 is.........
1 prize of 6,ooo is.........
I prize of f.ooo is.........
I prize of i."00 is.........
1 prize of 3,ots) is.........
1 prize of l.ooo Is.........
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of 1,000
X prize of 1,0
1 prize of 1,000
I prize of 1,000
1 prize of l.ooo
1 prize of 1.000
1 prize of 1,000 >are...
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of l.oOO
1 prize of 1,000
1 prize of l.ooci
l prize of 1,000
.1 prize of 1,000
prize of 1,000
prize of 1,000
i prize of 1,000
prize of 1,(810
i prize of 1,000
prize of 1,000
Pttftfcsot 000 Mt...
■prizesof 300 ere.......
.890 000
30.000
*0 000
10,000
9,000
(.000
7,000
f,000
9,000
<,000
3.000
3.000
ft, 000
63,400
13,600
..8180.400
cApproximation prizes...
t pri z es, amounting ta..............
:ole Tickets, 81$ shares in proportion,
ze* payable without deduction.
1 -lers to be addressed to
CHARLES T. HU WARD,
Lock box 693, Postofflee, New Oilcans,
it postofflee money order, or register you let
A__BOARDING^
j (ICE........... .............NOTICE
No. 7 C'arondelet street
refitted and refurnished. Those requir
vPortable rooms, with hoard, or hoard with
lif* g can be accommodated.
CHARLES F. PERRY.
r jT0RNEYS AT LAW.
I 'l'.IN8 THARP,
v
■Vi. A 'a. BAwnim— i*aia« nsnr.)
tl ,'f r j8BY8 AND COUNSELORS AT LAW,
Cea w e r elal Plan#............If
NEW ORLEANS.
tentlon given to hnelneak la tbs
sited State* Oonrte aU
H
and
MISCELLANEOUS.__
OMIW FOR SHE HOMELE^
EMPLOYMENT FOR THE MILLION.
HurrAi for Texas!
The attention of all emigrants who wish to
•secure permanent homes and remunerative em
plovinent is called t»o ilie fact tout the State nt
Texas hac a homestead law, which donates one
hundred «.sd sixty acres to every actual and per
manent at Uler theroou. With a terntory stretch
ing from-the Red river on the north, to the Gulf
ol Mex ico on the Souti and from the State of Lou
ieiaua on the east, to the Rio Grande on the west,
and p<K-sefcsing a jn*ent diversity of climate and
soil: having a puwi
domain of ninety-two mil
ons acree~of land, vacant and unappropriated,
sul'iect to a pre-emf*t»*oii of three years, when a
title m it-e-cimple is acquired by the aetual settler
thereon: and Itaving now* in course of construc
tion six or-oeven lines -of trunk railroads, running
the whole length and breadth ot the State, with
lateral branches to all thickly settled districts, all
of which roads are now in want of laborers, and
are pnvinr p<mh! wages for sucli labor. Also wanted
5<K» school teachers and 5 <>.<k»o term laborers.
whom good wages will be given.
C olonel J.J2. LIPPARD, one of the Commissioners
of the Bureau of Immigration, appointed by the
State of Texas, under aud by virtue of an act of
of the General Assembly thereof, passed at the
regular eassinu of 1H70and IH7I. is now in this city,
and car. be found at hits ottice. No. loo Baronne
street, where ail persons proposing to emigrate
trail apple lor information, and where all letters of
inquiry can be addressed. ocfo lm
^IIE »>UAIkE!iFE&KE,
No. 157 Common Street.
FINEST LIQUORS AND WINES,
Ll'M'll KJKK Y DAT.
EKAITPG ROOMS CP STAIRS.
IliT;ii£ jiurtbesed T lie larnoua SHAiiSPEARK
COFFEEHOUSE 1*uin Mr. John Franklin, the pro
prietors tote pleasure in announcing to the public
that the high reputation it has hitherto enjoyed
will be preserved by them.
oclS 1 m FOLEY NORTON.
j^LMBER............................UMBEI
VIA THE LAKE BOBGSE CANAL.
For the local and ooart trade, a large supply of
all kinds of PINE LUMBER constantly on hand at
the river end of the Lake Eorgne canal, ten miles
below New Orleans. The location of the yard
(directly on the levee) is admirably adapted to
loading steamboats or barges.
Prices considerably below the Sew Orleans rates.
Special orders for Lumber. TimberaLd Wood for
local use or shipment promptly tilled.
Apply at the Lumber Yard, or to
JAMES O. NOYES.
President of tlie Oa- al Company.
selifl eodlm 1KI Common street. New Oilcans.
R
A .MIC FLAMS FOR SALE.
Crescent City Ramie Planting
ASV
MANUFACTURING COMPANY
RAMIE ROOTS, securely packed for shipping, for
sale by the thousand at reasonable rates. Terms,
cash when ordered.
Books of subscription to tbe capital stock of this
company arc now open at tbe o0ce, No. 122 Caron
dclet street.
WILLIAM HALL, President.
Emv.ah:> Tomato. Treasurer. ocI2 3m
rpilO.MAS H. HANDY CO.,
(Successor to John R. Schiller.)
IMPORTERS OF SAZERAC BRANDY,
WINES AND LIQUORS,
Nos 14 and 16 Royal street, 11 and 13 Exchange
Place, New Orleans, Louisiana,
Devote themselves specially to the importation and
selection of pure
Brandy. Wines, Liquors, Ale and Porter,
Their stock consists of
OLI> SUPERIOR SAZERAC BRANDY AND SAZERAC
1*05. CHOICE BOURBON AND RYE WHISKIES.
From the best known distillers, and held by us to
mature. Champagne and Burgundy Wines. Sr.
Croix and Jamai a Hum, Scotch and Irish
Whisky, from tlie l>est makers: Red White and
hemisse Port Wine, tine pale and ordinary
Sherry, different brands; Holland, Bell and Old
Tom" (Sir R. Burnett's) Gin, Vermouth (Noilley
Pratt and Toxeno), Absynthe. Auuisette. Cura
coa. French and German Cordials. Ale. Porter
and Bremen Lager Beer. Anagostura. Boker
Hot-tetter's. Pyrenees and other Bitters.
We part icularlv invite attention to our verv select
stock of FAMILY CLARETS and WHITE WINES,
which we sell by tbe cask, case or dozen, to suit
purchasers. Liberal inducements ottered to city
dea.ers. and the most careful attention given to or
ders from the country.
THOMAS H. HANDY V CO.,
oc3 3m Nos. 14 and 16 Royal street.
rjMIE VICTOR CANE MILLS
AND
COOK EVAPORATORS,
Manufactured by
BLYMYER, NORTON CO.,
OF CINCINNATI,
(Successors to Niles k C'o),
Are the on!v reliable MILLS and EVAPORATORS
for small planters, say from a half to live hogs
heads i*er day.
Larger Mill's, up to heaviest ever made, and Ket
tles, Vacuum Pans, or Steam Trains, to suit, fur
nished on order.
Small sizes, as above, always on hand, and fur
nished in time lor present crop.
THOMAS B. BODLEY.
Sole agent. No. 9 Perdido street, New Orleans.
«e3o <!.VW lm
ytT SING C4L,
NO. 40 ROYAL STREET.
(Agents for FOOK. HIXG k CO., and TONG, WO
k CO.; of San Francisco. California.)
IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN
Japan and China Teas, Lacquer Ware and
oc7 1m Fnncy Goods.
GERTEIS.
PRACTICAL GUNMAKER.
Dealer and Jobber of OCXS and PISTOLS, breach
loaders. AMMUNITION and FISHING TACKLE,
No, 55 St. Charles Street,
NEW ORLEANS.
Arms made to unler and repaired by experienced
and thorough workmen. Models neatly made from
drawings with secrecv and dispatch.
Mr. Oerteis expects in a few days a large assort
ment of newlv invented Arms. He has now on
band everv article necessary for a sportsman, and
aiso a great variety of 'loaded and unloaded
cartridges.
A good Gunsmith wanted. ec*7 ly
w
ESTEKN UNION
TELEGRAPH COMPANY,
......Camp Street, New Orleans......57
Tbe following Branch Offices are now open:
C'arondelet street, comer of Grarier Streep
Poydias street, corner of Commerce street.
On tbe levee, foot of Canal street.
St. Charles Hotel.
Lower Cotton Presses, comer of JJontegut street.
Upper Cotton Presses (in a few days).
The rate* on messages between any of these
offices is for ten words twenty cents; each addi
tional word two cents. Ou messages to all points
the rates are t he same as from the Central Office
No. 57 Camp street.
oc4 1m D. FnAXERY, Superintendent.
piINE WATCHES AND DIAMONDS.
JEtVELRT, SILVER AND PLATED WARE.
M. SCOOLER,
No. 5 Camp street, near Canal,
Has just returned from New York with an im
mense stock of Jewelers' Ware, embracing every
article usual! v found in a first-class establishment.
AU the Latest Stvles in Jewelry have been selected.
He offers to the public the richest goods to he found
m New Orleans at low price*.
M. Scooter has removed to his new store,
No. 105 Canal street, in the new building next to
the New Orleans National Banking Association,
where he would be pleased to see his old customers
and the public generally.
se23 lm
Academy of -Music.
After a week's rest at Mobile, tbe liar'tin
Comedy Company opened with tbe letriu
tnate drama at tbe Academy of Music .ast
eveirog and played "David 'Copperfield'" to
a magnificent bouse. Tbe distribution of
characters was excellent and very appro
priate, and every member of tbe company
seemed specially adapted to the particular
role ta'teu. Miss Kittie Blanchard's Little
Em'hj was a superb piece of acting, and so
was the Batid Cop/terfitld of Mr. W. H.
Woodtield. Miss Amiie Campion, as Roku
Barbie, never appeared to better advantage
on tbe New Orleans stage. Tbe Jficairber
of Mr. Belvil Ryan we should think fully
up to Dickens' idea of wliat tbe character
should be. Miss Katie Mathews' Mrs. Mi
cateber. with all tbe little Mieawbers, pre
sented a verv We-J'ke appearance, espe
eia''y when J Hraieber was at home with nis
friends gathered around him at tbe festive
board.
There is certainly some good material in
tbe Kanlrn company. Tbe piece has been
put upon tbe stage with much cure as to
scenery.
There will lea great rush for seats this
evening to witness a repetition of "David
Copptrfield." and therefore we urge our
readers to go to tbe box office early to-day
Sr. Charles Theatre.
Tbe Lingards will terminate their engage
ment here next Saturday everng, and
there remain but five nights more to wit
ness their elegant performances. The new
and original play of "Una" brought out a
line audience last night, and everybody
was delighted with tbe manner ot its pre
sentation. It is a good play, well put on,
and all the Lingards are fii'ly up to tbe
standard they undertake, especially Miss
Dicker. Miss Blanche Galton, as Henrietta,
is in the right place.
Sooth Carolina Kn-Klux—Conaternatioa
Among Them.
[From the New York Herald.'
Washington, October 18.—Now that the
President's proclamation declaring martial
law in nine counties ot' South Carolina has
been published, it is probable news will be
received in a day or two of the operations
of the military authorities in that section.
It well known to the readers of the
Herald that United States troupe have been
concentrated at Spartans burg and other
convenient points to strike a telling blow as
soon as the proclamation of martial law
had been made, and it may be counted
upon as a certainty that hundreds of the Ku
KIux will Ik- under arrest before they hear
of the President's proclamation. This is a
military and not a civil movement, and it
has not been undertaken without a due re
gard to military principles.
The President's warning a few days ago.
and, his proclamation now. are only the out
ward obedience To the requirements of the
Ku-Kiux law. while the military prepara
tions were made long before the civil for
mula was promulgated. By a system of
espionage upon the Ku-Klux, and the ictro
dueti in into the most secret conclaves of
the order of men in the service of the gov
ernment the authorities have come into
J iossession of the most valuable inlormation.
t is believed that Colonel Merrill, who has
had charge of aU the details of the conte
plated movements, not only knows the
name of every member of the order in l^s
district, but Las the evidence ready to con
vict ail of The leaders when they are gob
bled up. 1 he facts which lie has gathered,
and which Lave been communieated to the
Depaitment of Justice here, are of The
most startling character, and extend to the
minutest details.
Ho completely have the night riders been
spotted that tbe names of the men compos
ing the banded klan is tbe least important
part of wnat is known concerning them.
All their passwords, insignia and disguises,
their places of meeting, their private as well
as their public haunts, together with their
past actions and future intentions and pur
poses. as a whole and as individuals, have
been gathered together. Attorney General
Akennan assisted in collecting'just such
evidence as will lie useful when the militarv
have brought the victims into the net. The
utmost secrecy was maintained at the same
time that months of labor were performed
with the utmost efficiency, and as the Presi
dent's proclamation was the signal for Col
onel Merrill's action, it is probable that by
this sime concerted arrests have been made
n all the disaffected counties.
Co.onel Merrill, to whom this work has
been committed, was a colonel of volun
teers and brigadier general by brevet dur
ing the war, and is now a colonel by brevet
in the regular army and a major of the Sev
enth Cavalry. He is a native of Pennsyl
vania. and graduated from the Military
Academy in 18o5. For the completeness anil
efficiency with which he has already per
formed his difficult task he receives the
highest encomiums from those who are in
the secrets of the movement, and if he per
forms what yet remains to be done as thor
oughly as he has accomplished the work so
far, he will crush the incipient Ku-Klux re
bellion by one of the most remarkable and
startling military achievements in the his
tory of hooded and cloaked disorder.
One ot the most important aids in carry
ing out the contemplated military uianeu
vres in the counties of Spartansburg, York,
Marion, Chester. Laurens, Newbury, Fair
field, Lancaster and Chesterfield is' the ab
sence ot telegraphic and postal facilities in
that part of the State, and it is expected
that the first intimation many of the Ku
Klux will have of the impending blow is
when it falls. The officials at the depart
ment of justice here are exceedingly
reticent, hut a programme of such profound
significance could not be kept entirely
secret.
Cotton Statement.
New York. October 22.—The receipts
from all ports for the week are 82,538 bales,
against 64,09" la6t week, 46,044 the pre
vious week, and 34,073 three weeks
since. The total receipts since September
are 268.874 bales, against 351,000 for the
corresponding period for the previous year,
showing a decrease since September 1 this
year of 82.216 bales.
The total exports from ail ports for the
week are 33,892 bales, against 39,974 for the
same week last year. The total exports for
the expired portion of the cotton year are
114,075 bales, against 113,477 for the same
time last year. The stock iu interior
towns is 36.660 hales, against 32,643 bales
last year. The stock in Liverpool is 473,000
bales, against 537,710 last year.
The American cotton alloat for Great
Britain is 43,000 hales, against 36,000 last
year. India cotton alioat for Europe is
558.729 bales, against 360,000 bal s last
year. The weather at the South during the
week was favorable for picking. Consider
able progress has been made in gathering
the crop.
Cotton was heavy and declined nearly
one cent per pound, partly in consequence
of increased receipts at the ports and un
favorable advices from Liverpool. The
sales for the week reached 106,500 bales,
of which 95,500 bales were for future de
livery, and 11,000 on the spot and to arrive.
Of tlie spot cotton exporters took about
9900 bales, spinners 3500 bales and specu
lators 380 bales.
The Donaldsonville Chief of Saturday
says
Governor Warmoth will come up to this
town on the cars to-day, accompanied bv
Mr. P. J. Kennedy, the noted levee con
tractor, Mr. Duncan F. Kenner, one of the
leading planters of this parish, and others.
We understand the object of this visit to be
to meet and confer with the police jury,
and such planters and property holders as
may attend, at the courthouse, in regard to
the subject of levees.
A Lowell grocer, according to the Courier
has a dog who never sees a half-barrel o j
flour weighed out on the stales but he go es
and puts one foot on the platform, careles sly
looking out of the door to avoid exci' j n g
suspicion.
Meeting at tbe lolls* Exchange,
There was a large meeting last night, at
the Cotton Exchange, of some of the wealth
iest ami most influential merchants of tb s
city. Mr. John Phelps was choeen as presi
dent, and stated that at their last meeting,
on the thirteenth of June, a committee was
appointed to report on the feasibility ot
building iron barges to bring grain from the
West through to European markets by way
of New Orleans. He said ouless something
was done we were a dead city.
The report of the committee was sub
mitted. proposingto form a joint stock com
pany, having a capital of one million dol
lars", with the privilege of increasing it to
two millions.
General Cyrus Bussey lead a supple
mental report, showing that twenty-five
steamships, drawiug eighteen feet of water,
were built aDd being built by different com
panies in Europe to take the grain from
this jKirt, and tllese were but the precursors
of hundreds of other vessels that would
come here as soon as we could provide tbe
barges to bring the grain to New Orleans.
The report was adopted, and Mr. H. M.
Summers, being called on for a speech, said
he was a man of few words, and called on
General Bussey to enlighten the meeting.
General Bussey said Uiat hut little speak
ing was necessary. He was for action, and
proposed that books should he opened to
raise the money. St. Louis would help us,
and so would the Illinois Central railroad,
and all the cities and towus bordering on
the Western waters. It would take hi t
$5b0,(*00 to keep 5bU,000 bushels of gram in
our elevators all the time. He said Chicago
is now crippled, and it would take fifteen
years for her to recover.
Mr. Higby said, all that wa9 necessary
was for us to act. and St. Louis would act
with us so would ull tbe towns and tides
of the West.
General Bussy said that if we would take
care of the grain, cotton would take care
of itself.
Mr. Phelps thought cotton would net
take care of itself; much oi it was already
going the other way. He called on Mr.
Moses Greenwood, who said, a great deal
of cotton had taken a Northern direction.
He had been a merchant here for forty
years that we had been slow in forward
ing enterprises, and if we would all come
forward, and each would do a little, the
trade oi New Orleans would revive.
Mr. H. M. Summers said he was sorry
there were not more landlords and property
holders at this meeting.
Mr. Xeixas said the landlords and prop
erty holders were a drawback to the pros
perity of this city. They drew their rents
and revenues from The enterprising mer
chants and poor laboring men, while they
iuxuriated ;u Palis und Italy. They com
plained of high taxes, and made that a pre
text for extorling exorbitant rents from the
poor. The lact was. the taxes were not
high enough. The way to get rid of these
unenterpris ug landlords was to tax them
plumb out of the city. [Applause.]
General Bussy moved the president aji
point a committee, that should be unlimited
in number, to solicit subscriptions to the
capital stock of The company, the shares to
be fifty dollars each, who itre to report at
the meeting on Monday night next. Mr. H.
M. Summers was appointed chairman of the
committee.
Mr. Thomas A. Adams, of the Crescent
Insurance Company, said that the under
writers would indorse the proposed enter
prise. He was glad to see that the people
were in earnest.
Mr. Phelps said That the Third District
should have a chance at the enterprise, and
agents should be sent down towu to solicit
subscriptions.
On motion of Mr. .Summers the secretary
was requested to forward copies of the pro
ceedings of this meeting to the chambers of
cominerce in all the cities of tlie West.
About $30,000 were subscribed on the
spot, iu sums of $100. $300. $500, $1000 ana
$•2000.
Prominent among the subscribers were
Summers Brannin, Peet, Gayle Bow
ling. Brice, Hine Tujiper. Marshall J.
Smith, W. G. Coyle A Co.. C. C. Haley.
Mason. Prestidge Co., Avendano Broth
ers, Bussy Jt Co., Mr. L. J. Higby, who
subscribed $2000.
The meeting then adjourned, to meet
next Mondav at 0 P. M.
To Donaldsonville by Kail.
A friend of the Republican made a trip
Sunday ou the New Orleans, Mobile and
lexas railroad, and hail a very pleasant
time, as he reports. The day was lovely,
the road "free from dust," and the cars
crowded with passengers, young and old.
of all conditions and stations in life. The
colored people filled a ear jam full, com
posed of sturdy men. women and children,
all in their Sunday clothes—nice, tidy,
clean and well behaved. Another car was
full of plantation owners, sugar makers,
engineers, excursionists, etc.
The road is prosperiug, and will every
day incease in public favor. The conduc
tor, Mr. Bailey, son of Mr. G. W. R. Bailey,
the superintendent, an excellent young
man. full of attention to business and to the
comfort of passeugers, and even now. little
familiar as he is with the. faces, he has an
astonishing facility to pick out his passen
gers, and tell them when and where to get
off. The only thing he could not do was to
stop and back, to pick up a number of hats,
which the unsophisticated travelers lost by
imprudently putting their Leads out of the
windows while the cars were under way
and at full speed.
We regret to learn that the cane all along
the road is much behind as to 6ize and
ripeness, and that thus far it does not yield
enough to justify grinding. The season is
rapidly advancing, and there is some
danger that by waiting too long a freeze
may destroy the whole crop.
The French Opera Hauxe.
The following is a list of the members of
the French opera troupe in this city for the
season of 1871-72:
Administrators Messrs. Calabresi, ai
rector; Vallee, stage manager and trial
singer; Jourdan Cbartron, assistant stage
manager; D'Aron. second stage manager;
Nonnon. chief costumer.
Artists—Messrs. Deiabranehe, first tenor
of grand opera: Blum, tenor demi-eharacter
and first tenor comic opera; Jourdan, second
tenor, and sometimes the first tenor; Ber
ton, third tenor massol; Dumestre, first
baritone of grand opera: Solde, baritone of
comic and grand opera; Uoulon, first bass of
grand opern; Peri, first bass of comic and
grand operas, Messrs. Dubose, second bass,
comic opera; Nessue and Bromet, third
bass; Mines. Levielli, first chanteuse falcon:
Goethals, contralto stoltz: Xaddi, first chan
teuse legere comic opera: Durand Hitchcock
chanteuse legere of grand opera: Dumestre,
first dugazon; Gabrielle, second dugazon:
Boudro, duegne old dugazon; forty chor
isters.
Orchestra Messrs. Calabresi, chief of
orchestra; Dennerg, leader of orchestra;
Kerkel. second leader of orchestra: Raoul
and Bromet, repetitors of tho chorsiters;
forty-two musicians.
This is regarded as a very strong company,
and it is expected to arrive here from the
first to the fifth of November, in which
event the Opera House will open to sub
scribers about the tenth of November.
The Temperature.
The thermometer at Louis Frigerio's,
No. 50 Chartres street, stood as follows:
October 22—at 8 A. M., 74°; at 2 P. M., 83°;
at 6 P. M-, 80°. October 23—at 8 A. M.,
72=; at 2P. M., 82=; at 6 P. M., 79=.
THE CITY HALL.
Visit of the Coal Oil Dealers to tbe Mayor.
Yesterday a number of coal oil dealers
visited the Mayor for the purpose of con
sulting with him relative to the proposed
ordinance, regulating the storage of inflam
mable oils in this city. Objection was made
to tbe section prohibiting the storage of
more than two barrels in one place, and it
was urged that tbe Bales of an ordinary
dealer were equal to ten or fifteen liarre/s
per day. Some of tbe dealers contended
that oil was much safer in tin than in wood,
and thought that a distinction should he
made between the two. The fact had been
demonstrated that there was little or no
money made by coal oil in wood. They
asked that action on the ordinance should
be delayed until January, in order that con
tracts already made might be completed.
Each dealer contended strenuously for the
non-explosive character of his own coal oil.
The dealers want the consideration of the
ordinance postponed until they have time to
discuss its merits through the papers.
The meeting adjourned, coming to no con
clusion.
THE COURTS.
Isadore Newman applied to the Eighth
District Court for a mandamus ou the Aud
itor to cause the payment of a five hundred
dollar warrant in favor of M. D. Edmon
ston. parish judge of Sabine. The rule nisi,
to show cause why the mandamus should not
issue, was made returnable on the twenty
fifth. The warrant is drawn for salary.
In the civil courts, suits are filed every
day. but all are of an ordinary character,
being merely claims for money, without
public interest, or the result of a difference
of opinion about a contract.
One of these suits, brought yesterday,
was for the sum of $112 60, balance due for
packing five hundred boxes of bitters at the
rate, stipulated in a verbal contract, of
thirty six dollars a hundred.
Another suit is for $l92. r 69, being the
balance due on a contract with tbe plaintiff
for "work, labor and material furnished."
Upon the filing of this suit an attachment
has issued against certain property of the
defendant.
The machinery of civil law is still in mo
tion, but tbe suits filed of late betray no
symptoms which would either alarui or
interest the great public.
Suit has Ikcd brought by Auguste Hiden
in the Fourth District Court against Jean
and Mrs. Widow J. C'. Peyrogue for $1000
damages, arising from tbe act of the de
fendants in accusing petitioner of larceny
of $200 in gold and a gold watch and chain
before Justice of the Peace Montamat. The
damages are claimed as compensation for
loss of time in attending to the case by ag
grieved party and for mental anxiety. phy
sieal suffering, consequent neglect of work
and ruinous effect on the good name of pe
titioner.
A similar suit has been brought by W. J.
Thornhill, in which the damages are laid
at $2000. Both petitioners were employed
at the time of the pretended larceny to
paint the house of defendants, corner of
Toulouse and Kampart streets.
Outrage Near Mulatto Bayou— Stennier's
Crew Shat At.
The side-wheel steamer Planter, Captain
John Wilbanks, left here last Friday eve
ning for the Jackson shell bank, Mulatto
bayou, near the Rigolettes. and loaded there
on Saturday, hut when evening came there
was need of water, and the mate. Captain
Bill McKeever. formerly of Port Gibson.
Mississippi, took twelve men with buckets
and went to a well some eight hundred
yards from the steamboat. They returned
once with the buckets, went again to the
well, and were return'ug a second time, but
when about four hundred yards from the
steamer they were fired at by an ambus
cade party in the sedge grass. One man,
Billy Williams, was hit in the neck, thigh
and abdomen, and bis wounds are probably
fatal. Another, Samuel Williamson, was
bodly shot in the ankle and left side. Still
another. John Johnson, was hit in the left
thigh and calf of his leg.
Captain McKeever, after the first volley
was tired, ordered the men to lie dowu, and
subsequently directed them to drop their
buckets and run to the steamer in order, if
possible, to save their lives. This occurred
between nine and ten o'clock at night. Af
ter their return to the steamer, Captain
McKeever took a yawl and was rowed up
to Pearlington. where he saw Mr. Graves,
the justice of the peace. He went five miles
further after Dr. Meade, who came to the
steamer, examined the wounds of the men,
and extracted from one of them several
goose shot. The steamer arrived here Sun
day night about- nine o'clock, and the man.
Bill Williams, was taken to the hospital by
Captain McKeever, who deserves credit for
saving more ot his men from being shot.
There were about sixty men employed as
roustabouts in loading tlie steamer with
shells, as Captain Wilbanks and Captain
McKeever are filling a shell contract fur
I the city. No cause is conjectured for tlie
barbarous shooting. All the men wounded
are colored.
A Louisiana Case— Haadlia vs. Wicklifte.
The Washington Chronicle of Friday says:
In the ease of the State of Louisiana on
the relation of Handlin against Wickliffe,
now argued before tbe United States Su
preme Court, the question is whether the
relator. Handlin, who was appointed Judge
of the Third District Court of New Orleans
by Military Governor Shipley could lie !e
f ally removed by Provisional Governor
labn. The action below was to recover
salary, where tbe decision was adverse to
the relator, the court bolding that his re
moval without notice was not repugnant to
the federal constitution. The case was
brought uji by writ of error, and it was now
contended that the removal was an absolute
nullity: that the relator's rights were not
divested by it, and that, as the legal jndge
of the court to which he was appoiuted, he
was entitled to draw bis salary uutil his
successor was appointed under the State
constitution of 1868, by which Louisiana
was admitted under the' reconstruction acts.
Real Estate at Auction bt the Sher
iff. —We call attention to the sales at auc
tion to be made this day at noon, at the
Merchants and Auctioneers' Exchange,
Royal street, by the Sheriff of the parish
of Orleans, of five valuable lots of ground
situated in the Second District of this city,
on Washington street. For full particulars,
see advertisement.
The Louisville Commercial says:
We learn bv a private letter from St.
Louis that the" city* is full of young men.
clerks and drummers, lately in the employ
of Chicago houses, and now seeking places
in St. Louis. They find no difficulty iu
doing it. Places are made for them, and St.
Louis merchants are sending them out as
fast as possible to the old customers of the
Chicago trade. St. Louis is uiaking hay
while her sun shines and Chicago's is
eclipsed, and to some purpose.
We learn from a gentleman just from St.
Louis that a grocer of that city told him
that the suspension of Chicago business had
made a difference of $4000 a day in his fa
vor, and his was not an isolated ease. Chi
cago got a start of St. Louis during the war,
which suspended the legitimate and ordi
nary progress of St. Louis trade, and the
Chicago fire eeems about to make that
even. _ _
The greater part of the Russian press are
said to disfavor the visit of the Grand Duke
Alexis to tbe United States.
BY TELEGRAPH.
LATEST .NEWS FROM ALL POINTS
THE WASHINGTON CABINET
PROTECTION OF COTTON IN TRANSIT
YACHT EACE AT NEW YORK
THE SAPPHO WINS
GENERAL CHURCH CONVENTION
DEATH UNDER CAR WHEELS
CRISIS FEARED IN FRANCE
HARVESTING HAYTIAN COTTON
AN INCREASE ESTIMATED
GALVESTON CUSTOMHOUSE CASE
AN INTERNATIONAL QUESTION
S0UTHEBH STATES MAIL LETTHGS
WASHINGTON.
Justice Nelson and Secretary Boatwell
Absent—Government Protection of Cot*
ton—Postmaster General Returned—
Appointments.
Washington. October 23.—'There was a
full bench in the Supreme Court, except
Justice Nelson.
There were no decisions to-day.
The Secretary of the Treasury is absent.
The Postmaster General returns to-mor
row.
The President has made the following ap
pointments:
William Spence. United States Marshal
for Middle Tennessee; T. F. Hatch, post
master, Sbrevejiort. Louisiana; Da\ id Briu
gle. postmastei, Salisbury, North Carolina;
J. R. Pierce, postmaster, Oxford, Missis
sippi.
Supervisors are discussing means for the
protection of cotton during transit on
steamboats.
Diplomatic correspondence between the
United States and England has grown out
of an alleged abstraction at tbe port of Gal
veston. The British bark Rose Brae was
seized at that poJt. and among the articles
taken possession/of by the collector was a
tin cash box containing papers and a small
amount of curifenoy. The captain now
alleges that five hundred and twenty dol
lars were taken from the box during the
time it was in the collector's hands, and
having brought 'the matter to the attention
of the British minister, that government has
asked for an investigation by the United
States authorities.
Bids for the special lettings of the con
tracts for carrying the mails in the
Southern States were ojiened on Saturday
at the postoffice department. The bids are
numerous, particularly from tbe States of
Arkansas. Louisiana and Texas, anil were
the first received under the act of Congress
approved March 3. 1871, requiring all bids
of $5000 and upward to be accompanied by
a certified check or draft of five per cent
on the amount they would receive in one
year. _
FOREIGN.
Arrivals of Cotton—Crisis Apprehended—
Haytinn Cotton Crop Puerto Plata
Burned —South American Revolution
Vigorous.
Liverpool. October 23.—Arrived: Duke
of Wellington from New Orleans, brig
Island Lass from Mobile, and steamer Min
nestral. all loaded with cotton.
Paris, October 23.— A crisis from the
scarcity of money is apprehended.
The Bank of France to-day commenced
the issue of thirty-five millions of small
currency notes.
Havana, October 23.—The harvesting of
the Haytian cetton crop is progressing, and
largely exceeds the estimates.
Puerto l'iata advices assert that the
place was burned by the opponents of an
nexation.
Caraccas advices state that the revolution
U'nues in full vigor.
Pa s, October 23.—An extensive military
establishment is to he formed at Rouen. It
will comprise a school of artillery and arse
nal within the city, and an entrenched camp
and forts outside. President Thiers will
lay the foundation stone of the artillery
school with appropriate ceremonies.
Havana. October 23.—Advices from Port
au-Prince to the fifth state that President
Saget had left the capital to visit the south
ern departments of the republic.
Rumors of another projected revolu
tion is obtaining currency, and it was be
lieved that the partisans' of ex-President
Saluave were assembling on tbe northern
frontier, and Monte Christo in the
Dominican territory. They are aided by
President Baez.
The name of Solomon, at present residing
at St. Thomas, is currently mentioned in
connection with the future revolutionary
movements.
The iron-clad steamer Atalanta sailed
from Philadelphia iu December, 1809, for
Port-au-Prince, and was never beard from.
Sidney Oakes Smith, of Philadelphia,
now claims that the late president, Saluave.
contracted with him lor the steamer at the
valuation of $150,000, and that $50,000 was
paid on said contract. He has brought suit
against President Saget for the remaining
100 000 __
NEW YORK.
Son of Roger A. Pryor Drowned—Yarht
Sappho Winner of the Race—Money
Dull—Governments Strong—State Bonds
Irregular—Contribution ot Dr. Chapin's
Church.
New York. October 23.— A body found
in East river this morning has been identi
fied as that of Thomas B. Pryor, son of
Roger A. Pryor. It is not known in what
manner he came to his death, and perhaps
the mystery may never be cleared up. Pe
culiar sadness attaches to this severe domes
tic affliction, in the bright promise of the
manner and lovable character of thisyoun^
man. He had been, hut little more than a
year ago, a graduate at Princeton, with
higher honors than had ever before been
won in that institution by the most distin
guished of its alumni. The intervening
period had been spent bv him, in great
part, at Cambridge, where he won the prize
in mathematics. A few months ago he re
turned to the United States, and has since
been prosecuting the study of law in the
office of his father.
The Sappho won the yacht race to-day,
beating tbe Lavonia five miles.
The Livonia got easily away, and was
fully a mile ahead when the Sappho was
fairly started. The latter, however, grad
ually gained on the English yacht and
passed Southwest Spit buoy at twelve o clock
fifteen minutes aud twelve seconds P. M.,
nnd was one minute forty-six seconds ahead.
The Sappho rounded the lightship at one
o'clock tbirty-two minutes and fifty-eight
seconds, and the Livonia at one o'clock forty
five minutes and twenty -two seconds.
Both boats tacked several times from the
lightship to the Southwest Spit buoy.
On the return the Sappho was still gam
ing, and a line breeze sprung up very
favorably to the Sappho, and she fast sailed
away from her competitor. She rounded
the dag boat at three o'clock fifty-nune min
utes and five seconds.
The actual time of tbe race: Sappho four
hours thirty-eight minutes and. five seconds;
Livonia five hours four minutes and lour
seconds. This is the end of the contest for
the cup, the New York Yacht Club repre
sentative boats, tlie, Columbia and Sappho,
having won four races out of five. The best
four out of seven was the agreement.
It is said that Ashbury will sail over the
course to-morrow and claim the race, it
there is no competitor. He still protests
that the Columbia did not turn the stake
boat rightly iu the second race, and w ill
only allow the club to have wen but three
races. Tbe sailing regulations say only, "to
turn stake boat," not stipulating on wliat
side.
It is reported to-idght that Mr. Bennett
has accepted Ashbury's challenge to sail
the Dauntless against the Livonia, and that
tlie race will come off to-morrow.
Arrivid: Zodiac.
Evening Money 7. lmt closed dull.
Sterling stronger at 108*4 a 108 7 jj. Gold
1121s a 112H. Governments strong; live
twenties of 1862, 1144%. .Stare bonds irregu-
lar: Tennessee 65, new 65Mc Virgiuias 58,
new 62; Louisiana sixes 65, new 57: levee
sixes 64. eights 75: Alabama eights 98. fives
65; Georgia sixes 80, sevens 90: North Caro
lines 36Lz, new 31; South Carolines 72, new
41Ug. United States sixes of 1881. UO^s:
five-twenties of 1862, 114*4; of 1864, 114:
of 1865, 114*i; new, 113; of 1867, 113;
of 1868, 113; ten-forties, I09Q.
The congregation of Rev. Dr. Chapin's
church yesteroay contributed $12,000 cash,
and a loan of $50,000. without interest,
toward rebuilding St. Paul's Uuivcrsalist
Church at Chicago.
1 he week opened with increased firmness
aud higher prices in all departments. Earlv
in the day there was an active movement in
all leading shares on the Stock Exchange,
under which prices hare advanced sharply,
and m some cases as much as 214 per cent.
In the evening the buoyancy abated, and
there was a general decline from the highest
point of the morning, some stocks receding
2 per cent. At the close there was a slight
rally, and the market once more assumed a
firm tone. Governments very strong and
have advanced from V* to Mi on five-twenty
issues. All were very strong at the close,
a'thougb not very active.
MISCELLANEOL S.
Death Under Car Wheels— A labnma and
Georgia Fairs—Crew of the Bark Lord
Stanley—Sulride of a Chicago Loser
Wood* on Fire In New York State—
Episcopal Convention.
Staunton, Va.. October 23.—A negro
man fell from the westward bound passen
ger train of tbe Chesapeake aud Ohio rail
road this morning, near Alleghany station.
The cars passed over both legs, ki'l'ng him
instantly.
Montgomery, Ala., September 23.—Over
one thousand dollars is offered for the best
hale of cotton exhibited at the Alabama
State fair, commencing October 31, and con
tinuing rive days.
Charleston, October 23.—There were
three fever deaths in the -last twenty-four
hours.
Macon, Ga., October 23.—The exhibition
at the State lair is the largest ever held iu
the South. The city is thronged with vis
itors. All the incoming trains are crowded
with visitors. Accommodations have been
provided for all.
Boston, October 23.—The second mate
and four men from the English bark Lord
Stanley were picked up. They left the
captain, first mate ana nine men aboard,
who refused to leave the ship.
Chicago, October 23.—W. E. Longwortli,
a carpenter, wlio lost everything by the
fire, committed suicide to-day.
Rochester, N. Y., October 23.—Exten
sive fires in the swamps and woods in
Monroe, Orleans, Niagara, Genesee. Wayne
and Seneca counties. The wind is blowing
a gale. The smoke compels tbe use of
lamps here to-day.
St. Louis, October 23.—The committee
reported favorably upon the treatment of
social evil in St. Louie, and recommends its
adoption in other cities.
Auburn, October 23.—Three acres of
woods, known as Chestnut Ridge, near this
citv. were burned to-day.
Baltimore, October 23.—Tlie Protestant
Episcopal convention adopted an amend
ment to the canon regarding bishops, where
by tbe convention of the diocese may place
the diocese under tbe charge of the" neigh
boring dioeese or missionary bishop, under
certain circumstances. No new diocese
shall contain less than six parishes, and no
diocese shall be reduced to less than twelve
parishes.
Trot, October 23.—The woods near the
Shaker settlement, six miles from here, are
on fire, and it is feared considerable damage
will be done.
San Francisco, October 23.—A petition
has been signed by tbe whole white popula
tion of Arizona and southern California,
setting forth the evils brought on those dis
trict* by Vincent Colyer'sgnterference, and
praying the President to allow General
Crook to reduce the Apaches to subjection
without the peace commissioners.
Rains commenced yesterday at San Diego
and are moving northward.
Troy, October 23.—Tbe Haymakers, of
this place, defeated the Chicago White
Stockings this afternoon, bv a score of 19
to 12.
Scranton. Pa., October 23.—Devlin, tbe
anti-popery lecturer, attempted to speak
here yesterday. A riot ensued, iu which
Devlin was seriously cut on the head. He
has determined to make another attempt to
speak to-day.
"Weather Report.
War D*7art««1»t,
Office Chief Sicnal Officer, S
Washington. October 2C, 1871, 7:30 P.M.)
SYNOPSIS OF THE PAST TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
The area of highest barometer remains on
the Carolina coast, but tlie pressure has
very generally lrom the Mississippi to the
lower lakes eastward: it has risen on the
upper lakes and northwest. Tue tempera
ture has risen, especially on the New Eng
land coast: it has fallen west of the Apa
lachian range. Westerly winds have con
tinued from Lake Michigan eastward, with
steadily diminishing strength. Light east
erly winds are reported lrom the south At
lantic coast and southerly winds from tbe
gulf. The threatening weather in the Ohio
valley has extended to Lake Erie and the
mid Atlantic States, and light rains are re
ported from a few points. Dense smokes
have continued on Lake Ontario and north
ern New York.
PROBABILITIES.
Cloudy weather will probably extend
south oil Tuesday, and east of the Ohio
valley. Cloudy and smoky weather in
Pennsylvania and New England. The ba
rometer will probably rise, with falling
temperature and northerly winds, from Mis
souri to Lake Erie and northward.
River latalllceare.
Southwest Pass. October 23, 6 P. M.—Ba
rometer 30:15. Wind southeast, light. Ar
rived Bark Florence Ckipman, Jones,
master, forty-eight days from Liverpool,
with a general cargo to Decan, Zerega
Co. No departures.
Vicksburg, October 23.—Passed up last
night: Legal Tender at 10 P. M. Down:
Tobe Hunt at 3, l'argoud at 7 P. M. River
rising. Weather warm and clear.
Memphis, October '23.—Passed up: Colo
rado, Shannon, Henry Ames, Capitol Cily,
Durtee. Down: P. W. Strader. River fall
ing. Weather cloudy and warm. There
was a heavy rain last night.
Cincinnati, October 23.—River three feet
three inches in the channel. There was a
light rain all day.
Evansville, October22.—Weather cloudy
and hot, with rain this morning. Mercury
86-. River falling.
Cairo, October 23.—Arrivals and depart
ures: Belle St. -Louis, from Memphis, for
Cairo, at 11 P. M.; Ladv Lee cleared for
New Orleans at 6 A. M.,*and M. J. Wicks,
at 7 A. M.; Mollie Ragan, for Evansville at
10 A. M.; Utah, from St. Louis, for Vicks
burg, at 11 A. M.; Clarksville, from St.
Louis, for Vicksburg, at noon; EddyviUe,
from Evansville, at 1P. M.; John Kyle, from
Cairo, for New Orleans, at 1 P. M.; St.
Joseph, for Memphis, at 2 P. M.; Esperanza.