I
avorite method of dcaing. He figured conspicuously
the Broadway wideniugz swindle.
Ph Transter of Eliza Ewen to Margaret
K. Watson, 8. of Boulevard, from
12151 to 1220-wk., 121 18. 1. of 100 ft.
e. Boulevard, 251100; 1220-¢t,, 8. 8.,
100 tt. of boulevard, 25¥100....... $10,000
Aug. gi—Trane’er of Julia M., wife of Fred.
f W. Oogetl, to Margaret, wife of Jas.
Watson, aud Maria S., wite of Rich
ard 3. Connolly, 7th-ave., 8, 19
fi. n.4181-st., 20176 5%20.2x73.10. 18,000
March 7—Trander of Tippin Ward to Jamos
Wain, U8 h-st., 8. 8, 166 ft w.
March 1=Trander of Tuppin Ward to Jus
Wation, $8ii-st.. 8 371.6 ft. e.
10° RAYE, 26 9XOR.9. uerosnesanrizens 34TT
Nov. 1-7: .mfer of Eitplermia P. del Hops
to Jus. Watson, 6sti-es, 8 2
WW. BU-AVe., DXI0BS. oooeerart tor og 7,500
Sept. U—Tranfer of Aron Hirsh et. al.%®
Janes Watson, Boulevard, W. 8.
95.8. n. 93 !-st., JOOX100. «covnceencn 30,000
Hoses, Carriages, eleighs, robes,
Lomess, &c., &Co sold at auction
star his dead forabout ........c--- 40,000
Dwelling, corner s4th-st. and Madi
1971.
April s—Trawsfer of John B. Scribner, Fo
refrée, to Chas. A. Lowe and Mar
gant K. Watson, administrators,
gthave., 8. 2th-st., 8 of 6oth-st..


Total...... MM wishgqeneds $227,777
8,500
100,000
N. BU'LER AND THE TREATY Ol
GE
WASHINGTON.
I
RR A es [By Piiaprtenipis Seiviiir mar il ee Sh A YT Ped
oe of eachof the two parties in the Alabama claims,
so-called, anc other documents, must be delivered in dn
plicate (0 ead) of the arhntrators and to the agent of the
owner pariy. The ease’ must have been prepared some
tyme sinc. “he arbitrator and the agent selected by our
wovernmentire the best men that could be found for
taelr respedive duties, and the plan of arbitration is
ope Which the general voice of the country ap
proves. May go further till, and think that they see in
be consent! the two Evgdsh-speaking natious to refer
s0 Many nmortant questions to arbitration the dawn of
a day of nsared peace. Although we do not believe that
all question between nations cau be referred to third
of Yale:
Tbe time 1: nearly arrived when, according to Article
ties, no that ympartial arbitrators can WATS be
ory we fee! that, in matters like the boundaries
beiween 110 Siates, and in such as allow a pecuniary
valuation damages, the plan of adjusting international
dittoulties n this way bas received such au impetus from
the recent Treaty thal many wars will be prevented
hereafter Oy recourse to arbitration; and this example
of two grat rations settling ther disputes withont
i otblood aud money will be of vast benefit to the
worl
We do rot intend to discuss the provisions of the
Treaty. They wre fair: the three rules according to
which th Alabama claims are to be adjusted are a
concessio and a virtual acknowledgment that our inter
pretation international law was right. They cannot
be alter cnor modifled except by an fimprobable consent
of the tw parties, and after great paine and delay. The
awards ar fiual; and, if resisted, must briug about a
worse 8a of feeling thau followed the rejection of the
Clarendn Johnson treaty. Indeed, there could be no
better gical of war, wccording to the received law of
pations, 1 an the rejection of a solemn contract like this
Treaty, or refusal to abide by a sentence which it pro
vides for 1d makes final. What is the part of a states
wan, they, tut to let tuiugs take their course aud accept
the issue?
It wonlilave been marvelous if Mr. Putler had taken
this course. His graud capacity for mischief couhl not
buve had row enough, without «udeavoring to inflaine
the coun’: in regard to the Treaty. People would have
theught thit he was dead and Le has no idea of being
kiled by pelitical defeat. And so be shows himself alive
by a speed, which, if 1t bad 1o nate or place of its de
livery arconpanying it, we uld Lave been universally
wecibed tohim,
We do 1o intend to follow or discuss this speach, which
cau ave 1s effect on the opinion of the country a fort
night Lene; but we notice one or two statements which
are made nn it, and shall endeavor to show, as before
meeting wih the speach we had intended to show, that
the Tresty contains important concessions on the part
of Grew Dritain in the mutter of the Alabama claims,
aud tha tie dispesivon to make some concessions, as
shown ove all in the three rules, and in making them
retrowcia was not a sudden or forced one, but one
which pibLe opinjon was slowly maturing.
Mr. Buder, in his speech of October 16, as printed in
The New- ork Standard of the next morning, says that
the Britisi Commissioners required, before they would
agree to these three rules, as appeals by the protocol,
that (they should be made rules of ord law be
twixi this -ountry and Great Britain for all future time;
and they f rther dewanded that tuese should be im
pressed upon every other maritime pation As inter
vational liv, before they would be bound by them in the
arbitrationof the Alabama claims.” Tugs a stravge
passage. Ybat is meant by impressing eso rules on
every othermaritime uation before thet (he means Great
Britain) wold be bound by them in the arbitration of
we Alabans claims There is no mention made of any
other nation whatever in the protocol w which Mr. B. re
fora, and in he Treaty itself the Darties only bind themn
selves “to hing (these rules) to the Fo%icird of other
maritime overs, and to invite them to accede to thew.”
(Article VI) The words of Butler, before wes would
be bound,’ 1 their connection, unply that a period must
elnpse sufl.cint for fwpressiug these ruies on nationl
consciences, which, to say the least, is ridiculous. We
take for grated that it is only owing tw baste that Gen.
E. conveyed his 1upression to his nearers,
Its tric, lowever, as he says, that, as appears from
the protocol, it Was Wade by the Briush Cowuissious
aod their (hvernment a condition of settling the
Alabama ('alus that the obligations contained in the
rules “shonldin future be held to be binding interna
tionally between the two countries,” with which the text
of hy Jreu:ty expressed in other words, exactly couwn
cidee In regard to this we might ask what honest man
or man of peace could desire anything substan
tally different Ought the rules w have been used for
the settlement of past claims withont acknowledging
their valid.ty $r the future? If their binding force in
the future sions had been secured by the Treaty, that
slone wonid have been ren! result, for in every future
war of ours fa which the shipbuilding uation was a
peutral we could bold them to a strict and definite obli
gation. Millions of dollars are likely to be saved by
these rules, sud many quarrels and some agitations of
demuagognes preve ited: so that if nothing had been
gained for {ue pest the Treaty would bave promoted the
peace of tie world. But when the remarkable conces
sion is w:de by a treaty-making power—-a concession
bavipg few paralleb in diplomacy—of adopting the very
principles for the settleruent of past disputes which that
power had denied to be law, and when regret was ex
presaed for the escape Qf the Alabama and otuer like ves
sls from Liritish parts, surely we ought to be more than
wtisfied. We ought to wonder that a proud nation
gould male up its nind to go as far as this,
In adoj'ing these three rules for the future, as well as
£r the pust, the English were not hasty, nor merely
suxious (ov bridge cver a difficulty and to preveut tle
sauses Of fuinre quarrels. There had been for several
ears ane: or to the Treaty of Washington discussions
L rd 10 We defects of the neutrality laws of Great
Britain and in 1867, under Lord Derby’s administra
tion, the #1 bject was put into the hands of a Board of
Commissioners, who made a report in 1868. Opinions
were asked by them from eminent lawyers; aud sape
cally the question, which bad been considerably dis
eased ii tie Cownission, was subwitted whether only
the dispaich 01 a vessel ois war with mteut that it
stoudd Le cwployed In service of a belligerent
should be made un offense, or whether the building, of
such 8 vessel should be provided against also Mr. Ver
pon Harcourt desired to have the dispaich of a vessel
Sats pedal ouly. Sir Robert Pbilliuore, the writer on
law of uations, aud Judge of the Admiralty, wanted
much to be prohibited in the eommerce of tue neutral
trader which ueither Great Britain nor the United States
bave ever made penal. His doctrive is thst any sup
Jud the means of war must be more to the advan
of one neutral than of another; and be goes 80 far
M10 say “that it may be 8 necessary measure of de
fense on the part of one belligerent to wake war upon
the eountry which supplies his adversary with the weaus
of prolonging the contest.” He had in substance, if not
In an outspoken way, said the same in his eommentaries
upon international iaw and we must profess that we
bonoe the opinion, although he advauces a long step be
yond the present rules of the law of nations. And,
Sou, Xe. Rothery of Doctors’ Commons goes, in his
fons of unneutrsl kiuds of trade, still further.
(a sa opinion sent to the Neutrality Commissioners,
which lies before us, he says:
Mit. then. she acts which s neutral nation ought to prohibit are not
pre ing ost of military and naval expeditions, but the building
o of war, at soy ume and under any circumstances, without the
Perions sanction of the Government: the export of tbe munitious of
"uw io the belligerents, and, possibly, also, aud with certain conditions,
a povearions and demoralinng trage of blockade-rusning
There are other Jroota in the opinion of this gentle
man which show that some persons in Fugland gO a8
us their desire to have neutrals kept within strict
in their trade with a belligerent as ugy one else
Where, to whatever nation Le may belong. ut we must
Pass them by. We add that the Neutrality Commission
ere advised the prohibition of dispatching a vessel with
knowledge of her hostile destination, and the building
i, the intent that abe should be employed in hostili
by a belligerent, after being fitted ouf and armed
Sithor Ad or beyoud Her Mujesty’s dominions.”
=e 1 hole was stopped up through which Lord Pal
Bowie ied W excuse tue escape of the Alabama.
of ‘A bject we cam only add that the law
ug. 9, 10, which resulted from all
the discuselon as woll as from the war
bi Waking between France aud Prussia, was a very
postunt step on the part of Great Britain toward de
Png ust aud safe neutrality, In this law, which se
ores hin Feite of belligereuts, and protects neutrality
war, are not in au error, thau any preceding
t% bulld y other nation, the scts of building, agreeing
Or causing to be built, po Borg teking,
Youing uy commission for any skip, with rr or
will be K® Or reasonable cause to believe that the same
with 3 tayloyea in the war service of uny bogs at war
offender oy Re lendly to Great Brita, subjects the
Visions are ho or lwprisonment, or both. Other pro
ah eae oyually diriligons, us this: that the burden
ry Ider oI a ship but for or delivered to
or pan Bate such us above deseribed, or to its agent,
pons of ey thet of Sheu, Sid Sixyioyed fur Ste pur
ide Fring 4 $m uot know that such
ve these projects and this law to
MY Sats eaonponed Justice, or sgcalculution of ex
or both, have been drawing Great Bri inte
Ha w she took at the Treaty of W
of ba Jit ae oY Jpws sud io yoo Sg hy wany
of the
Uniied Biains 0 regard to the day of a neutral in keep
Lug own country free from all unocutrel proceedin
y shouid
wa not this be carripd futo iuteruational law
rr drat it be 3 vi BU OLject LW save some
as Justify risk of u protracted
Yuare, why not give en ex post fuclo eficacy to
i LJ Prine) ph Or rules to which she briusu Government
bio brepai cd to give its adhesion ®t And wo this J rear
et lpia Ol recor of A WHOSE GLE. to

snl fold fBe LE J tien Ch
a au UG CHET lcas HY IEFILMEIGY—=liis cotie ul
ritish Commissioners did not give their assent to
me an rules, believiug them to huve been internation
ally bin pus this ouly shows that they made what
they tho to be an Important concesaion,
A single word In regard to the rules. In the second
clause of the first rule neutral government, it is said,
is bound to use due dilligence to Jrevont the departure
from its jurisdiction of any vessel intended to carry on
war [against a power with which Great Britain is at
peace), such vessel having been specially adapted in
whole or in part, within such Juriediesion, to warlike
use.” In Le words, #8 we think the clause of the ae
must be ‘evidently intended to mean, every time
Alabama, or any vessel similarly fitted out in whele or
in part in the domtulons of Great Britain, left an Jost
of Great Britaiv, in any kris of the world, iu A out
the officials useing due iligence to detain her, there
ie a claim for damages for all injuries to American citi
gens made thereafter, The bearing of this important
clause soust have been seen und understood on both
sides. It has beem a doctrine entertained by some
writers and diplowats that if a vessel like the Ala
hama should tagape from a neutral port, in violation of
law there prevailing, it would be purged from guilt by
the foppiotiol of its voyage, or by entering into the ser
vice of the belligerent. Thus, when the Alabuma at the
Azores became u publie veasel of the Confederate States,
it wiped out its pust offenses, if there were any to wipe
out. It is presuined that no such position will be taken
hereafter.
A single word before we close our remsrks—which have
been confined to the most important poiut in the Treaty
of Washington—respecting that part of the Treaty w hic
provides for the adjustment of private claim other than
those called the Alabama claims, Mr. Butler, in Lis
recent speech, suys of this portion of the Treaty that “it
does not settle in terms nor by implication in how far the
claims of Dritish subjects shall be recognized in property
to tholr Slaves [sic] ireed by the war aud by the procla
mation of President Lincoln.” This is true as far as the
Treaty is concerned und yet Mr. B, misleads his hearers
atrociously He hud the protocol before bam, and quotes
from it, as we have seen. Now this protocol, in reier
ence to Articles XII. to XVII, informs us that on the
sth of March the American Commissioners inquire
whether any claim for shares or for ul lezed property or
interest in Slaves can or will be presented by the British
Government, or in behalf of avy British subject, under
the Treaty now being negotiated, if there be iu the
Freuy no express words excindivg £ocu claims, The
British Commissioners reply that by the law of England
British fuse hid doug been prohibited from purchas
ing or dealing in Blaves, not only within the dominions
of the British Crown, but in any foreign country; and
that they had no hesitation in paying tuat no claim on
Lebalf of any Britich subject for Binves, or for soy prop
erty in Slaves, would be pioscutod by tue British Gov
ernment.”
The follaving article, which appeared in this
woek's Indepndent. under the heading given above, 18
understood b be from the pen of ex-President Woolsey
Tins declaration, under the circumstances, was as bind
ing as a Treaty stipulation; und wo dv Lvl see Louw Mr. B.
could overlook it.
Another objection to tho Treaty is of a more sérious na
ture. Itis that it allows tL claims of persons in Great
Britain who lent money to the Confederate Government,
secured by pledge of cotton—wiliich colton was seized by
the Umted Btaies, and so diverted from that use of ft—to
be brought before the Commissioners who were to meet
at Washington. AS tie proper «usideration of this wat
ter would mvolve the lawiulucess of loans made to a bel
ligerent, the nature of the coulederate Government, and
other points which require soumewhal extended discus
gion, we wust disiniss it now, In Lue expectauon ol re
turing Lo 1t bercufier.
HIS NON-ARRIVAL—THE RUSSIAN FLEET SUP
POSLD TO BE WEATHER-BOUND—A MESSAGE
FikoM THE EMPERQR OF RUSSIA.
The Russian Minister, M. Catacazy, who has
his headquarters at the Clarendon Hotel, telegraphed,
last night, down to Saudy Hook, asking if there were any
tidings of the fleet, which is now overdue. The
operator replied that nothing whatever had been
heard of the fleet, During the evening a number
of prominent gentiemen called on the Miustor, aud is
was the expressed belief among them that the fleet 18
weather-bound.
Minister Catacazy yeccived a cable dispatch yesterday
from the Ewperor of Rusia, asking to be iniorwed if
his son had armved. The Minister sent a return message
in the following words: “No; but hourly expected.”
The following was issued yesterday
OyricE oF THR EXECTTIVE COXNITTER FOR THR RECEPTION
or H. L. 11. GRAND Duke ALexis, No. 245 Broabway,
NEw-YORK, Oct, 24, 1471
The following order of arrangements 8 pub. hed for the wformation
and guidauce of tuose who will partic. pate la tbe reception of the Grund
Duke Alexis:
First: Members of the Executive and Reeeption Committees with
their ladies, invited gio and mem wre of the press Aacing tickets
roperly indorsed, will ass mble on board the stexmer Mary Powell at
Per No. 39, N. R., foot of Vestry-si, at lu o'clock om the morzing
after the arrival of the Bassian flee’ fu the Lower Bay.
Second: The steamer will start wow the Ba; punctually at that hour,
and take positon in fiout of the escor: of vessels, and when off the Bat
Yery will Hoceive on board tLe Granu Duke and suite, aud convey ihem to
Pier No. L.
Third: On arriving st Pier No. 1, the Grand Duke snd suite, with the
Russian Minister aud swie, ard ths Executive Comittee alone, wili lard
and be assigned to the earriages in wail iF Thre steamer with the Re
ception Committee 8au lacie: oni invited guesis on bossd. wil. then pro
ceed at once up to the fout of Foort enih si, NK. where omu bases will
be in readiness to eouvey (hel Ww tue stand ou Uniou-square, irom which
they can witness the parade
(hy Tue Ex: cutive Commit‘ee request that at the landing st Pier
No. 1 every effort wii be ade io prevent be least confusion, as itis
the earnest desire of all interested jthat the reception to Liussia's repre
sentative ball Le, in every purticiiar, wost diguified and refined. Re
spectfully submitted by order of the Fxecutive Sommittee.
Jauks B MONTGONMEKY, Becretary.
The vessels will steam up the Bay in the following ordor:
Yachts
Yaclte.
Yachts.
Yucits
Yacuts
Yur bits,
Yachts.
\urhta
Marr Powell.
amerdean Adm.ral’s.  Bussisn Admiral
Corgross. Pousscti
American. Russian,
Keven. Nap.
Anr ean. Russian.
lrogums Nip.
Amencsn. American,
Balbus. Ta. lupoosa.
Yachts
Y uctita.
Yacits.
Yachts
Yacots.
Y acute.
Yachts.
Yacuts
Wheu the Bquadron nears the anchorage, the Mary
Powell should steer out of line and leave the anchorage
clear, Yachts will keep out of the way to prevent col
lision. The Reception Committee has purchased a stock
of “Napoleon cabinet wine” from Bouche. Fils Co.,
for the reception dinner.
The Mendelssohn Union, which under Mr.
Bristow's direction kas made gratifying progress during
the past year or two, gave a creditable performanee of
The Messiah last night, and was rewarded for its enter
prise by an excellent audience. How many came to hear
«The Messiah” and how many to Lear the prima donna
is a question which we fortunately need not decide. The
society mustered about 250 members, with a competent
orchestra. It gave most of the choruses with correci
ness, vigor, and a good volume of voice; and although
the singing lacke@ polish, aud the intonations, in the
pianissimo passages, were at times defective, there
was a epirit and intelligence in the delivery
which atoned for many faults, and produced
upon the whole a very satisfactory effect. Madame Pa
repa-Rosa gave to the soprano solos the full beauty and
grandeur which she alove, of all the soprano singers
who have essayed Handel's music in New-York, can per
tectly interpret. We all know her so well, and admire
her so highly in this part, that there 1s necd ouly to say
that last night she was at her best, ber voice fresh, ber
strength unimpaired by her receut extraordinary efforts,
and her spirits apparently buoyant. Her rendering of
Come unto Him was a fine example of the sustained
cantabile style, admirable alike for its clean phrasing,
ita religpous sentiment, and the perfection of
each individual note. But in “I know that
my Redeemer Liveth” the art was still higher.
The song was so delicate, so thoughtful, and anon so
triumphant, that {ts delivery seemed mot lke
art but inspiration. Mrs. Zelda Beguin brought to the
alto solos the same rich and sympathetic vole, eareful
method, and truthful unaffected style which have made
her such a favorite in other walks of her profession. Her
work is always good, whatever it may be. There was an
especial; charm last night in the interpretation of
He shall Feed His Flock,” and as usual the air was en
cored, the same compliment being awarded, we need
hardly say, to Madame Rosa's Come unto Him.” Mr.
Simpson (of course) had the tenor solos, and Mr. Aynsley
Cook took the bass, in which, albeit his voice was husky
and weak, he showed a good oratorio style.
To the Editor OF lhe 2TYVUENRE.
Sir: The revolutionary views of The New
York Herald about dress on gala occasipns, at the opera
and elsewhere, require word of earnest remongtrance,
The Herald proposes to make full dress an imperative
rule at the Academy of Music, and thus explains what
full dress means: When a lady takes off her bonnet,
she 1s considered to be in full dress, and the same is the
case with a gentleman wearing a dress coat, This is the
general acceptation of the term, and it is by no moans
difficult to dress house in this fashion.” There is a
slight vagueness in the rule as applied to ladies. It
leaves opportunity for a simplicity of costume to which
society in New-York has not yet been educated. It
wight be pretty, burt the innovation 18 too radical. With
reward to gentlemen, the directions are still more ob
scure. Does The Herald mean that a gentleman who
goes to the opera in a dress coat must take off his bon
pet 1 Or is it the coat that he must take off 1 Or must
he wear dress coat and nothing else These are very
important questions. If it 1s to be shirt and pantaloons
without the coat, The Herald is quite right in saying that
it is very easy to dress in this fashion—that is to say, it
is very cheap for the seventy-fivg members of the in
tellectual department of The Heruid can afford to go tw
the opers when that fashion comes in but if it is to be
cost without the shirt and pantaloons, I think some
other style than a dress coat ought to be selected.
Otherwise the member of The Herald staff who had
his soul frozen” on Monday at Booth's Theater, will
be apt to get his body frozeu, 100, before the Winter
is over. Yours, i.
New-York, Oct. 24, 1871.
The proposed race betwen the Livouia and
Lal Datnckoss vis Gonbidoutd Yeslorduy, owing iv tee
Bidet Lut Provased.

THE GLAND DUKE ALEXIS.
re I cs
MUSIC.

THE MFPSSIA.
THE HERALD ON BOCIAL ETIQUETTE,
NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25. 187L
THE REPUBLICAN OUTLOOK.
PROGRESS OF THE CANVASS IN NEW-YORK, NEW
JERSEY, WISCONSIN, AND VIRGINIA.
{BY TELEGRAPH TO THR TRIBUNE.
WasnINGTON, Oct 24.—Members of the Na
tional Republican Committee are hopeful, from the ad
vices received by them, that a Republican victory will
be won both in New-York and New-Jersey. They are in
receipt of letters from several sections of both Btates,
which indicate this quite conclusively, In Wisconsin,
Gen. Washburne's majority over Doolittle will be larger
than the party usually obtains, and in Minnesota the Re
publicans will more than hold their own.
The canvaés in Virginia 18 proceeding with great activ
ity, and it is evident that the Republicans make sure
progress. Full success for them would be the result of
complete party organization, which has not yet
been effected. It 18 certain that we shall make large
gains in the way of legislative representation, especially
in ,the Valley of Virginia. The onerous Funding bill
excites great hostility, the more it {8 ventilated, and the
exposure of the Democratic desire to sacrifice the com
mon schools in behalf of that measure, which at he best
is regarded as opening the door to corrupt speculation,
is producing effects the reverse of Conservative expecta
tions. So far the Republicans have had no outside speak
ing talent, und the canvass is conducted by Beuator
Lewis, Representatives Porter, Platt, Stowell, and Mc
Kenzie, with the Hon. L. II. Chandler, Cols, Danicls and
Hughes, Gov. Wells, and other State politicians. The
State Committee is quite hopeful and energetic. Nearly
70,000 campaign documents have been distributed therein
from this point and Richmond. It is noted, as an evi
dence of educational progress in the Bouthern States,
that there is both au increasing and intelligent demand
for political reading matter, and the documents furnished
by the Congress Refhilican Committee are of a charac
ter requiring thoughtful consideration.
Gentlemen recently from Texas speak in a gloomy
manner of the immediate political future of that Btate.
These persons gay thut the recent defeat is almost wholly
due to the unpopularity of the Btate Administration,
which, whether justifiably or not, is so great as to have
disaffected thousands of Republicans, The canvass
should have been conducted, as Senator Hamilton ad
vised, on Natlonal issues alone. They declare, also, that
it is sviderigtle “Invisible Empire” is fully and Rortzle
Jy organized in Texas, This will soon become manifest
to the country, by the increased instability of life and
opinion, eure to follow the Democratic triumph. A
general officer, who hag lived in the State since the sur
render, and who has always been an active Republican,
declares his intention of returning home, settling up
business, and selling his property, resigning the appoin
went he holds, und bringing his family here to live. Heo
does not belleve any purt of the State will be safe for a
man of his opinions for the next twelve months to come,
This gentleman lived in Western Texas through the “K.
K.” Summer of 1868. Hesthinks that, properly organized
and led, there is a good Republican majority in Texas.
The Invisible Empire” wil, in bis judgment, rapidly
deplete this, from the present time onward.
Wost Virginia, which elects a Legislature and Consti
tutional Convention, is the only Stave about which doubt
exists. This is in the main due to the fact that Republi
cin there appear to have let the whole matter go by de
fault, failing even to respond to inquiries made frow
hare
Ea es
A SPEECH FROM SENATOR FENTON.
A D1 250.0100 2 RVI Cla A AVA Jad £4
THE POLITICAL SITUATION REVIEWED—DEMO
CRATIC MISRULE CONTRASTED WITH REPUD
LICAN GOVERNMENT.
Javestown, N. Y., Oct. 24.—Gov. Fenton and
the Hon. Foster Sheldon addressed a large Republican
meeting here to-night, Gov. Fenton spoke at length and
ably reviewed the measures and Lome policy of the ad
ministration of the Republican party, its financial man
agement, the collection of revenue, the payment
of the debt, end the reduction of tax
ation. He also epoke of our foreign policy
on its having afforded new assurances of peace with the
nations, and as having impregsed our own enlarged and
progressive views of national rights and Justice upon the
mind of the civilized world. After speaking of the mis
management and wrongs in the city of New-York, he sald
these facts and fizures show that what may be called the
“Tammany principle of government has extended
throughout the State wherever the Demgeratic party have
obtained sway. They are repeated in the State Admin
fetration, not in figures so enormous and startling, but
essentially alike in character. He then contrasted the
obligations incurred and the expenditures during the
two years of Demoeratit rule with tho two
years immediately preceding. He remarked that
these facts conveyed an impressive warning against
continuing the Democratic party in public trusts,
Gov. Fenton counseled the utmost earnestness in the
canvass, and a hearty support of the ticket. Notwith
standing the bad spirit and bad conduct of some who
are prominent in our political affairs, we must act and
work together as one man for the trinmph of our cause
and the success of our ticket. Mr. Bheldon then addressed
the meeting.
BE
THE TAMMANY NOMINATIONS—MEETING OF THE
COUNTY CONVENTION LEDWITH FOR Bg!U'
PREME COURT JUDGE, AND SHANDLEY FOR
REGISTER.
The Tammany County Convention met, last
night, at Tammany Hall to nominate candidates for
the offices to be filled in the coming election. The meet
ing was called to order by Douglas Taylor, and Samuel
Cox was elected Chairman, On taking the chaly, Mr.
Cox said:
I come here to night at the request of my conatitnents
of the Fifteenth Ward, It 1s my earnest wish that we
shall nominate only sueh men as will vindicate the in
tegrity of the Beuch; men who are not only above
reprosch as citizers, but also the very best
lawyers, able to fill these positions with honor
to us and to the satisfaction of the people. TI
speak of such men as the Hon. Charles FP. Daly
Jfirent cheering) —a man who has received the commenda
fon of even the Republicaus, I Lope that we, as Demo
crats, £hall be wise and just in our selection of candi
dates. 1 hope that the claims of euch men as Judges
Jones and spencer, two of the present incumbents, will
not be forgotten. [Applause] We ought to strive to
obtain a lich, honest and abie judiciary, for by the se
lection of true men may wo hope to carry ihe vi Btn
against theny, socalled reformers, and even reform the
reforiuers thmuselves. I am at all times for law, for
justice, and honesty, and withoot these the Democratic
party canmot succeed.
At this point Wm. M. Tweed crossed the platform and
seated jimself at the left. His entrance Was greeted
with uproarious cheering. Wm. Hitchman and Jobn
Hardy were elected secretarics, The delegates from the
various wardg, except the Sixth, then presented thew
credentials.
Thowas C. Ficlds offered a resolution, that the rule of
the Democratic General Committee be adopted as ihe
rule of this Convention, namely that a majority of the
certificates of the Inspactors of Elsction be taken as oou
clusive evidence of the regularity of the delegates having
such certificates, and that they be admitted as delegates
to this Convention from the wards entitled to represen
tation in this body, Morgan Jones raised the point that
the resolution was out of order while the delegates were
Srisetog their credentials, A scene of con
fusion here ensued, and it was some min
utes before order was restored but finally the
point of order was overruled, and Morgan Jones sald it
was well known that two tickets were fu the Bixth Ward,
headed by Lrennan and Dowling; that one received 130
votes, and the other 630, pd that the inspectors had
thrown out all but the tickets on one side, nud had then
gires their certificate and had gone away. Bot were
hese inspectors to be the supreme controllers of the
ward? He did not come there to intimidate the €onven
tion, nor to make any threats, but they were Tammany
Democrats, and, if tbey were rejected, 8 bad precedent
would be set.
The Chairman decided to pass over the Sixth Ward
until the others were called. After the others were
called, Mr. Btacom said that on consultation with the
delegates elected on their ticket, they had concluded to
withdraw [cheers for Judge Dowling). bot that in all
other conventions and in all other primaries they pro
posed to be contestants until their rights were recog
nized. [Cheers again for Judge Dowling.)
James Irving moved that the Dowling delegation be
admitted to seats on the floor; and though Brennan
delegate threatened to withdraw if this was done, the
Chairnan decided the motion carried. A motion was
then made by Mr. Hardy that the Conveation NOW pro
ceed to nominate candidates us follows: First, one
Judge of the Bupreme Court; second, two Judges of the
Baperior Court; third, one Judge of the Common Pleas;
fourth, one Judge of the Marine Court, and fifth, a can
didate for Register.
Algernon 8. Sullivan—Mr. Chairman, in all the history
of the Democratic party, it hes been their incormmani
cable glory thut they have chaiuploned ost Spotless
futegrity on the part of the judges. They recoguize the
fact that no community can have Peace; hapineds, or
Frospesity unlers the integrity of the Judges 14 af stalu
ess us their power is great, and we call to-night
to the history of the past nominations of judges made by
Tammany Hall, aud challenge our foes tw point to ene
who has stained the ermine, or Who has not
laid it down as he Yoo it up, as Foie as Lhe
driven snow. [Applause.] Haye we Ru oh in the
courts such men ss Bobluson, J. F. Daly, rady {ap
plause}—and do we not intend to nominate to-night such
men as Charles P. Daly, Spencer, and Jones Ww sit by
those who are already there reflecting HOBOS upon our
party, upon the Htate, sud on those wham they
are to administer the laws. (Applause) The oom
unity bas been lately convulsea by the suggestion that
there Lias been dsitnquency in high places, und Lhat pug
gestion, Bir, gave lLones 2 aud distress 10 uc
reast as it did w eo breast of tbe rank
and file of pe fammany Democracy. (Applause.) The
Tammany Democracy is the party that, in the hour of
emergency, can rise above and conquer themselves
They &re ihe true representatives of the le, and ask
for othing except to see their way clearjlo gi 1 pro
Rose, Mr. rian, for the Supreme Court udgeshi]
Lame of the Hon, Thomas A. Ledwith. In declining
to renominate the Hon. Josiah Butherland, no reflection
Ha atendod to bbe cast upon him... He 6 man ensiely
above reproach, and respected by all parties.
The nomination of Ledwith was received with wil
and furious cheering. After the applause had subsided
Joon 5. Mac terson opposed the nowinaton, and said
Wok ho credit to Tramany Hall, ust which on sev
Co ooen dons he bod kugwa Ledwith to work, MI
POLITICAL.

CITY POLITICS.
Masterson’s remarks were recef
laughter, but as he continued a ae er Su I
the calls of “lodwith” and “question” which fairl
shook the hall. After the confusion had subsided,
during which the chairman had nearly knocked the desk
30 Dlodes With his jovel in a stern determination to
restore order, Mr, n reiterated his sentiments,
a
vention. whoever
Ledwith Wis thon carried wi FT ot
wide Kane xteen ard then
Ramuel Jones and James C. Bpetger for J Beminalon
Superior Comrt of the Olty of New-York. Judges
uglass ig moved the nomination by acclamation
of Charles B. Daly for Judge of the Common Pleas
Carried, John Hardy nominated Henry Alker for Judge
of the Marine Court. Carried. Anthony Hartman nom
inated Edward J. Bhandley for Register. Carried. A
Committee of one delegate Jom each Ward was ap
Rajated jo inform the candidates of their nomination,
he Committee consisted Soeg others of: Messrs,
Muller, Coman, Clancy, Heenan, Cox, Campbell, Taylor,
Richardson, Lloyd, Waltmann, Gibney, Bradley, Ad
kett, Croker, Fields, Cardozo, and McQuade,
The Chairman then said: Gentlemen of the Conven
tion, I congratulate you on the course affairs have taken,
We have no easy flzht this Fall. We shall have more
than the usual difficulties to make our ticket s thorough
success. We have had troubles beyond most parties, but
we ought to meet theee difficulties like men. I believe
the ticket nominated to-night, especially that portion of
it that ojpenia to the justice and magnanimity of Demo
crats, will meet with the approval of the people of New
York, The Convention then adjourned.
EXCITING SESSION OF THE GERMAN JOINT COM
MITTEE ON MUNICIPAL REFORM—OSWALD
OTTENDORFER DENOUNCES THE ACTION OF
MAGNUS GROSS,
The German Democratic General Commiftee
held un exciting session at the Teutonic Assembly Rooms
last evening, to take action in regard to the conduct of
Magnus Gross and others, in withdrawing from the Ger
man Joint Committee. Alderman Schlichling presided.
Magnus Gross submitted a majority report, in justifica
tion of the course of the majority of the Committee,
stating that the object of the German Joint Re
form movement was to elect Gen. Sigel, and
to commit the German Democracy to the Custom-House
party, and to the Administration of President Grant.
This, he argued, was suflicient to justify the German De
mocracy in withdrawing from the German Re
form movement. Oswuld Ottendorfer, on the part
of himself and Mr. Kuestcr, claimed that the
Executive Committee had no authority to withdraw
the mandate of tle Conference Committee, as it did not
emanate from the Executive, hut from the General Com
mittee. Resolutions denouncing the conduct of Magnus
Gross and his colleagues as perfidious, wero received with
applause, The resolutions also declared that the General
Committee adheres to its former declarations in Jegary
to fjunicspe) reform; advised that a Immuss me ing
should be held jointly with the Republicans; and state
that the majority of the Comittee of Ten (8a gre
Gross and lis colleagues), for neglecting their duty,
wil, i be discharged, aud be replaced by embers who
will @o their duty in aid of the Point retorm wovement
fearlessly, and without selflsincss and party ambition,
After a brief address by Mr, Sutter in support of Mr,
Otteudorfer's propposition, Magus Gross again spoke,
denouncing the course of Ottendorfer and bis colleagubs.
If the General Committee, he said, had ceased to
be Democratic in orgunization, the resolutions
of Mr. Ottendorfer were in order. An aul
mated debate eusued, in which Marcus Otterburg
samuel Sterns, Dr, Merkle, Dr. Berkmaun, Oswald Otten
dorfer, Mangus Gross, and others, took part. A motion
to lay the minority report on the table was rejectod, thus
virtually confirming the position of Mr, Ottendorier, and
censuring the course of MEF. Gross and his associates,
The Geuersl Committee adjourned to to-morrow without
taking definite action upon the minority report.
CUSTOM-IIOUSE ASSEMBLY NOMINATIONS.
The Custom-House Assembly Conventions
were held last night. Inthe IIId Wistriot there were
two nominees, Ed. A. Willonghby and T. F. Geary,
whose parties would not be reconciled. The Geary men
took possession of the hall and kept the doors closed
against tbe others, but did not gets quorum and the
nomination was accordingly postponed till Friday even
ing. The following 1s the result of last evening's meet
hand 2d
nat,
1..Dr. Wm. L. Haring.
I. Henry G. Leask.
3. Adjourn, od.
djourued
N. on n Ranify.
VI1..isene Wo ol.
Vil... Adjoure d.
VII. .Co rad Geib,
1X... Adjourned,
N..Adjourued.
X1..Adiourned.
Et



1. RE. Crampton.
ul, rued,
4a

aM are:
XV..Frederica Killian,
XVI..Adjourned.
XVII. Charles A. Flammer.
XVII. Adjourned,
XIX. Adjourned.
AX..Chailes 11. Lrona.
XXI1..Uorato P. Allen.
REFORM DEMOCRATIC ASSEMBLY NOMINATIONS.
Conventious were held last evening for nomi
nating Assemblymen of the Reform Democratic party,
In tbe Vth Distriet there were two nominces, David
8. Page and Christopher Johnson, the former being de
clured nominated upon a poll. In the VIith ten clubs
met, but owing to a desire to meet 3 possivle the wishes
of the German element, the nomination was postponed
to this evening. In the fI1a the Tammany NOMINEE Wus
indorsed. The result of last evening's weotings is as fol
ane.
Driat, Drat.
1..James Healy, XII...
11..Adjourved. XII. .George Devling.
111. James Hayes XIV..Adjouraed.
IV. Wm. MeM bon, XV..Neth MM. Harris.
V..David 8, Page. XVI..Nicholas Haughton,
Vi..Jolin C. Rai. XVII. .AdjourueL
VIil..Adjourned. XVII Adjourned.
Viil..Conrad Geib, XI1X..Charles O' Conor,
I1X..Adjourned. XX..Abrauam Dowduer,
X..Adjonrned, XXI1..Adjourned
XI1..Alexapler Bpan)ling.
A WORKINGMEN'S PARTY—MASS MEETING AT
COOPER INSTITUTE.
The mass meeting of the Workingmen’s
political party at Cooper Union last night fliled about
one-third of the hall. Mr. Elliot, President of the organ
ization, was elected Chairman, In his speech he oulo
gized the Eight Hour movement, and said that the
chief purpose in calling the meeting was to present a
platform. John Halbert read the platform, which is
similar to that issued at Bt. Louis, but is still more radi
cal and even commuuistic in some of {ts fea
tures. The principal epeakers were J. B. Hodgkins,
the banker and labor champion, and Alexander Troup.
A list of workiogmen as candidates for the yy
was offered and accepted, and shen Alex. Troup spoke
energetically for an hour. He Fejoiced that the
Internationals were shaking the crowned heads of Europe,
sud thought shat New-York was *the last place In the
country that would be captured by the people. Sweeny
ie trying to head them off with bogus workingmen's
party, with that traitor, Nelson Young, for bell-wetaer,
{Hisses for Young.) Tummany Hall und Wall-st, ure the
enemies the people had most to fear. The Star was de
nounced very bitterly, and the speaker defied that paper
to prove that he was anything but an honest patriot.
Many persons left after Mr. Troup ceased, wud the meet
ing soup after adjourned.
MR. BEECHER ON FIGHTING TAMMANY.
The Times is in fresh trouble. Only the
other day it made the modest announcement that itself
and an evening journal (whose combined total circula
tion Is less than that of Tie TRIBUNE in New-York City
sud suburbs alone) were the only journals engaged in
conducting the fight agaiust the Ring, or endeavoring to
put an end to municipal corruption. Now it has con
trived to come into collision with Mr. Henry Ward
Beecher, who replies epiritedly in his journal, The
Christian Union, concluding as follows:
While The Times fears that AYIIpathY not for sin, but
for sinners, may hinder their condign punishment, we,
on the other hand, are still more afraid that Justice will
fail through the ambitions and divisions of our comiuit
tees the HHi-natured attacks of Journals on all who do
not Keep step to the tunes they play and the wranglings
of newspapers with each other,seemingly more intent on
beating down a rival than on securing public Justice. It
18 DO time for petty spites, nor for party feeling, nor for
sinull rivalries, nor indiscriminate Jaze. We should drop
all other consideratipns that would alvide or binder tho
reat work of Justice, and we should seek Justice not as
ff we were beasts puraning beusts, but as Christian men
pursuing sinning wen.
LOCAL NOTES.
Gen. Augustus Funk will run as Independ
ent German candidate for Assembly in the XVIith Dis
trict,
The Democrat Union Association (Perrin
Branch) of the Vth Senatorial District have iudorsed
the nomination of Henry W. Genet.
It is stated that 8. D. Moulton, a member
of the Legislature of 1845, will run on the Ecpublican
ticket tor Assembly in the XXth District.
In the XXIst Assembly District Otis F. Hall
has been nominated by the Custoin-House purty for
Assistiut Alderman of the Twelfth Ward,
The Labor Reform party of the XXth
Assembly District have nominated ex-Alderman John
Russell tr Assistant Alderman of the Niveteenth Ward.
The Committee of Seventy met last evening
in the office of the Woodlawn Cemetery, on Broadway,
Henry G. Stebbins presiding. Among those present
were Jackson 8. Schultz, Edwards Pierrepont, Williaw M.
Evarts, William C. Barrett, John Foley and Roswel] D.
Hatch. Many wore a gloomy sir, aud did not seem a All
leased with Tammany’s nomication of Judge Ledwith
for the Supreme Court. At the close of the weating
(which was us usual strictly private), the reportars were
informed that there was Lo information to upass.
et
A UNION MUNICIPAL TICKET FOR CFACAGO.
CHicAaGo, Oct. 24.—The two political parties
of this city und county, io view of the present condition
of aftairs growing out of the great fire, are trying to
unise upon a Unlon ticket for city and county officers, to
be voted for two weeks hence. Both parties have been
in eonvention to-day, when it wus arranged that the
Republicans should have the candidates for Mayor,
City Collector, Police Commissioner, twelve out of
twenty Aldermen, nine out of fifteen County Com:
missioners, Judge of {the Bapreme Court, and some other
minor offices, the Democrats to have City Treasurer,
City Attorney, Judge of the Clroult Court, eight Alder
men, six County Commissioners, and some small ofMces,
The wutire ticket has not been agreed on, but it is prob
ablo that Joseph Medill of The Iyibune will be the cau:
-didate for Mavar. David A. Gage fur Cliy, Toeasurer,

1L.LINOIS.
John A. Jameson for Judge of the Superior Court, B. F.
Ayer for Judge of the Circuit Court, George Van Holen
for City Collector, and Chaa. I. Horn for (ity Treasurer.
I
OPPOSITION TO THE BROOKLYN RING.
MASS MEETING AT THE CLERMONT-AVE. RINK—
THE COUNTY AND CITY ACCOUNTS TO BE
INVESTIGATED—A COMMITTEE OF FIFTY,
Fully 3,000 of Brooklyn's most respectable
snd wealthy eitizeny gathered at the Skating Rink in
Clermont-ave,, 1ast evening, in accordunce with a call
addressed to citizens of Brooklyn, irrespective
of party, who are opposed to special legislation,
conferring unlimited power on irresponsible Commis
sions, and who are opposed to the incompetent, extrava
gant and corrupt course of our city and county officials,
and who are desirous of securing the electon of com
potent aud incorruptible ten to office, The call was
signed by over 500 persons, among whom were many of
the largest tax-payers of the city,
ane Asscinbiage was called to order by Capt. Ambrose
pls ow, and Edward T. Backhouse was cuosen fo preside.
ie chinirman stated that the meeting was ealled in the
public interest, and for the purpose of taking steps to
a the people of the conspirators who are robbing them
0 Hoel last dollar by excescive taxation, It was the
only request mado by the taux-pavers that the
moucy ey contributed should bo honestly appropriated.
io sali originated from a spontaneous woveiuent of the
people—a spontaneous deterwination to restore the mu
nicipality to a pure representative form of government,
and not longer to be foverbed by special commissions
who use the public funds for thelr GWh corrupt purposes.
Hewry C, Kigks made a loag address. He believed that
there were discrepancies in the statements eoming
from respectable public sources touching the ne
mutter of the tity and county debt, The officials
made out the eity debt to be $5,000,000, while, on the
other hand bis examination of the public documents
satisfied him that the actual debt was $30,000,000 [sensa
tion], a difference of $22,000,000, i3 an wwount eloquent
because of ils magnitude. From his examination or the
public doce nts bh Joduoed the follow: ng figures:
Debt of the City Jau. 1, 1869, us per the Mayor's Message. $14,559 200
Add City poruon of County Debbovoiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin. 3.500801
TORRVIEIY JVB es ci isassrnsrarmmonsonsunnvernnyees D3MARINT
JH LIE
A new feature in Brooklyn mdehtedness was that of
certificates of arrears. ‘Luese are the certificates of in
debtedness on the part of the city to bs paid out of tue
arrears of taxes due and not you received. The amounts
since July 1 to date he gave as 1oilows:
Certificates of arrears. $1,150,000 Asse sment fund, Water
Brooklyn Bridge Loods, 30,000) Board... $300,000
Park loan bouds....... 20,000, Water i08i.oveoviienns 16,000
Union-st. improvement 123.000
Centrai-ave. sevier.... 10,00 Towal...overers... $2,324 00
Assessment fond bonds. 76.000
This added to the ladebtoancss of the city makes a to
tal of city indebtedness of $23,607,107. Io reference to
the boasted reduction of $2,000,000 iu the City’s taxes this
year, the speaker showed that the items of reduction
were partially made up of the reduction of $349,000 in the
State tax. To pay the ceriitlcates of arrears
amounting to $1,150,000, certiticates of indebted
ness have been issued, aud tho city pays
7 per cent per annum, and the amount is kept out of tue
budget, and is to be paid in the years to colue, The
bridge wos estimated to cost $3,000,000, of which $3,000,000
is already expended, and he thougut the malter called
for investigation. He believed that there was a remedy
for the existing state of afairs, and tuat the remedy
would be applied,
Alexander Detmar sald that the local journals would
not expose the Ring "frauds and the citizens would
theretore rely upon the New-York press, (Applause.
He had examined the city and county acconnts and
found that the actual debt was $36,000,000, sud the su
nual interest on the same $2,000,000, The total exyendi
ture of the City and Coaly Government cannot be
found in any public document issued by the authoriuics.
The following resolutions were then adopted
Resolved, That it is vow too late in the progress of republican govern
ment to call in question the righta of the citizens of any State or wauiel
pela w mie nto the eonduet of any or all public” officers intrusted
y the people with the managements of public amairs; and, further, that
the excreise of such rights is Bot necessarily an implication of maifeas
suce 1 vlfice, but xrat.. ing evidence of that vigilance alike the price of
liberty and good xoverument.
Kesobved, That we bave a right to, and do deroand, a full and detailed
exhibit of the public receipts and expenditires of our City and County
Government for the past few years. and of their real and preteuded La
bilities, inclading their funding and floating debt.
Resolred, That the public credit, character, and business interests of
this great and growdug city imperatively demand that its citizens be kept
fully and constantly informed of the issue of any bonds or other evi
druces of debt ding the real or personal property of the city or its
citizens; and, fur her, that legal provision should be made for preveaung
ary snch issue not especially authorized, or exceeding the amount spe
civeally wp; ropristed for that purpose.
Kesobed, That the citizeos of this city and county have also a right to
know, and ure Ceterm.ned to sscertain, who are acd bave been on the
pas-rolls of the City avd County Gosernwent, what they receive, and
what services they render,
Kesolved, That the citizens of this eity and eounty are earnestly en
tre.ted tw make the reform of their own government tue controlliug 1ssue
at the Approaching lection, to buy purt Lu man for office, vo matter what
may be bis preity name, who 18 not known 10 be Loth hourstand capable,
and determined and distisetly piecgel, so far as be 1s able, to reform our
City and County Goveruments.
Jrsolved, That an Executive Committee of 50 members be appointed
by the President ot this meeting, whose duty it shall be to trke such
measares as shall be necessary or expedient to esrry out the objects for
which we are assembled, to demand a full exhibition of all the accounts
of the City and County, and au explicit statement of all the persons in
the employ of the City and County Governments, to enforce any remedies
which pow exist to obtain this information, if it is refused,
and also i» press upem the Legislature and the
Governor of the Ntate such measures of legislation and action as may be
necessary or proper to enforce the existing laws, and to supply their de
fects, and to remove the causes of the present abuses, if any; and finally
to sustain and direct a united effort of our citizens, without reference to
party. to obtain a good governmewt and Loness officers to admin ster it;
and the said Cominittee are hereby authorized to call upon all citizens in
terested in goed govercment to contribute such funds as may be needed
10 execute the powers intrusted to them, and also to All vacancies and add
to tl vir numbers.
he meeting then adicurned.
a—t—
SOUTH CAROLINA.
THE COLORED MEN ON GRANT'S NOMINATION.
Coruneia, Oct. 24.—In the Colored Conven
tion here to-duy, an Arkansas delegate offered a resolu:
tion favoring the renomination of President Grant, but
the Convention adopted a substitute declaring it im
politic so anticipate the action of the Republican party.
a
POLITICAL NOTES.
POLITICAL NOLES,
The Democrats of the VIth District of Ilii
nois have nominated Lorenzo Leland, formerly Clerk of
the Supreme Court, for Congress, to till the vacancy
caused by the resignation of Mr. B. C. Cook. The Re
publican candidate 18 My. Henry Suapp,
The Republicans have made the following
additional nominations of candiQates for the Assembly
Erte—IVth Districs, John Simeon; Vth District, John
McBeth, Rensselaer—1IId District, Castle W, Herrick.
Schenectady—Iiavingston Ellwood. Schuyler—Harmon
L. Gregory, MSteuben—Ist District, Thomas M. Fowler.
A mass meeting of Democrats in Rochester,
yesterday, passed a resolution recommending that a con
vention of the honest electors of the district, independ
ent of politics, be called to meet at the Court-House at
Albion on Tuesday, Oct. 31, to nominate a candidate for
Benator for whom honest men can consoled iudals vote.
senator Jurvis Lord is the regular Deimnoeratic candidate.
WEATHER REPORT.
rr ee ee
WAR DEPARTMENT,
OFFICE OF THE. CUIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24, 7p. m.
Synopsis for the past twenty-four hours.
The barometer has fallen siice Monday after
noon in tue Nortu-Western States and on Lake Superior,
and to a les: extent in the Bouthern awd Gulf States it
has risen from Lake Michigan to the Middie and East
Atlantic with Jobing temperature. North-casterly winds
have prevailed during the day with smoke on the Lukes
and occasional rain on the Atlantic coast. Light rains
have ulso been reported from the Gulf and South Atlantic
coast, and partiady cloudy and clear weather west of
the Mississippi.
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably coutinue hig on Wednes
day trom the Lower Lakes to the Middle aud Eust
Atlantic, with clear or clearing and smoky weather,
Cloudy weather continues on the South Atlantic coast,
and an area of low burometer, extending from Mis=ouri
to Wisconsin, with easterly winds on Lakes Michigun and
Superior, No important chauge is probable fopthe Gulf
CORS
The National Insurance Convention, yester
day, considered several of the resolutions previously
offered, and discussed the report of the Commitiee on
Tauxatwn,
John Brady of No. 738 Lewis-st., who was ron over
on Setar) night, while intoxicated, by a car of the East Draaiusy and
Dry Dock ue, at Delancey and Lewis-sia, died, yesterday, lo Believue
PHITADEIPHIA LIVE STOCK MARKET-Ocr MM
The supply of Beef Cattle this week reached to 2,140 bead; the
market was dull, and prices were weak: fair to good cattie sold at from
w Seid clioice Beeves at b4c. 1 bic. common cattle soll at from
tobe. P Ib.
Su .xr.—The demand for Sheep was better, and prices were firmer; the
supply reached to 11.500 head. ar of which were sold at from 5 to Te
Ih for fair to good Nheep, :nd from 6 to The. I for Lambs; stock sold
at from $7 to 83 7 4 head,
Flpus.—The market for Hogs was again doll, with lower prices; 3,850
flead sold at from t} to ide. ID for corn-fed.
Cows. —The demand for Cows was much better, and 190 bead changed
Lands at from $v te $09 for springers, and from $4 to $70 for tresh
PASSKENOIFERS ARRIVED
FROM LIVERPOOL—Ia steamship oy of London. Oct. 24. Mr,
and Miss Mores. Mrs. R. Bomoer, Miss J. Mit bell, Thos. Venn. Mr.
King, Mr. Shoelloph, J. H. scacclioph, Mr M.A. Bariou, Rovers
Redd ck, Miss Rosenbohen, Nam Haywan, Mrs Ridett ker. Thos
Bourke. Mr. Morries, Rev. Peter Sabioa Mr, Dunn, J. Cordules, Wm.
GlUmere, Mr. and Mrs. Sweeta, ple. J children and uuree; Mr, Kimble,
Mr. Couans, Mr. Jewell, Jas. (Watt, Rev. J. Wright, J. Harrison, Mm.
C. A Merril, Mins Mernil, Miss Julia Mern'l, Chas. Merrill, Masters L.
aad Eddy Merall, Kew, J. dpivks, H. Norawald Mr. Culverwell. L.
Youman, Mr. Bremen, Alex. Gordon, Jon Barrington, Mr and Mrs.
Peak aul ch.ld, Jubn Skinser, Win. Joues. Mrs. McCann and 2 children;
J. Bedeer. W. A. Graham, Mr. Pisher, Ur. Lefevre Mrs. Lightly sad lo
fant, W. Lightly, Mr. and Mrs, Manh.
FROM HAMUURG-An steamsnip Vandalia, Oct. 24.- John Kelly,
Baracu Kelly, Chr. oo Wm Schreber. Dr. Wm. Yernbach, F¥,
Uw laud, J. Kleinwor?, 4. Kabeler, Goillexmo Moller. Dr RB. 5. Bosan

LATEST SHIP NEWS.
For other Ship News see Second Page.)
RAR LL Blddidimipiiliahdettivaiifode. dull
Rieams of London rr Af Liverpool Oct.
teamship Ow (Br), ty,
Queenstown 13th, with mie. and pass. to Joba G. Dale. Rw
Steamabip Vandalia (N. G.), Franzen, Hawbdarg Oct. 3, with mJae and
#76 pass. te Kundardt Co.
Steamsbip San Halvador, Niakerson, Savansah Oct. 2, with mulee.
and pass. to W, R. Garrison,
Beauly Naratoga, Norfolk, City Poins, &e., with mdse. and
pasa. Wo Dominion Co. g
Bark Jes Ir. of Dugdes), Lowden, Chagente 38 days, with mdse.
Bark Lucy Praveis. (ples, Havana 12 days, with suger,
Bris Mara, Cassidy, New-idaven 10 hours, in ballast
Bric A Langer, Tecojatd April 3, San Jose (Guatemala) April 26,
Arajulta May 10, and Rio Janeiro Aug. 8 with cates.
Jo Amelia Adele (Fr.), Talani, St Plerce, Mart. 21 das, with
gar.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
CuantasToy. SC Oc $o—Arnsed stesmikip Chasnion, from
New Lach: beth Ureugivs, Lom Lowy, Bug eld sud. Lis, fiom

Hew Terk, Clemed stoasiship James Adgor, for New-York, and schd
MC. Lyons, for Jacksonville
Bavanwas. Ga, Oct. 24,—Arsived, wetsuhips Wyoming, from Phile
delpbls and Magnolia, from Now. York; sohis. from Now
York pod Jumes L. Mallory, from Bech, Me. Cleared, stonsasbip Loo, fos
FOREIGN PORTS.
O1A800W, Oet. 24. ~The Allsh Lirs steameblp Reandinaviaa, frees
Quebee for this pons. called at Moviile yesterday, and proceeded.
RotTHANPTON, Oct, 34, ~The N German Lloyd steamsbip New.
York, Capt. Ernster. from Hew-York W, for Browns, touched heto
this morning, aad procesded.
5

ahere are ladies whose tastes lead them
naturally to arrange flowers fn a be t. There are
the roses, the lilies, the hellotropes yp Ir the
geraniums, and the green leaves, Withont know; why,
simply from taste, these ladies will g dng Ii
and flowers into beautoous bunches, The rose is ne
prettier, nor is the fuschia more gracefnl, but the fowl
ensemble is charminz, Taste did the work, No cop,
could. The Gorham Company fond Liver iad beaut
forms in vases, and flovvers, and vines, and eolum
ung antmals, and supposititions gods and godde ns
forthwith, with arti=tic fegers, began to psy rd
into congenipl avd beattital coups, Wherever
worked, beaut grew apace beneath its hand, There was
a necessity to cultlvare the American taste for such
articles, and to un’ ose the Amer. an Jie sug, that
they might be purchased wen otfered to them, By de
grees ths work was weomolizliod, anil now there fe
continually produced sone ue w beauty, which is eagerly
purchasca, In a few years the Gorlam ware will find
fte way into the houses of all wi can afford to use
silver, to the improvement of the taste and the
comfort of our citizens, siessts, Starr Marcus, No. 23
John-st., N, Y. (up stairs), otf rio the pub'ic many pieces
of silverware of mre bea ay, Every article is desigued
in good taste and wronstt ont by skillful hands, I$
would occupy too mich space to give detailed
Geseriptions, bat a visi wil gid, and astonish aay
who have not eoneeit ed of tins arstis styles Into wie
silver 1s wrought by tue Gorham Company,
Courmunioated.
The Best nnd Sarest Pemedy in the World for all dis
emes with which children are a. wed curng tue process of tectaing ie
Mos WINSLOW'S BOwTHING SYRUP.
‘A man is valuable as he mates himye!l valuable,”
An gdvertiient is valkoole if Lopprars mo bua oLkno Mosinee
CoxumERCIAL, the only mor. 1 Tou

“Do nothing Zou would wish to con enl,”
Ar suvertisement in THE Toco Jouning Goo aawkCian cout] nod
be concealed, (oF it certainly reac «3 Loos tus.
ee
Yong Winter Evealngs $2 Diviiaun Taree’ Pall sise
Cues sod Bali! Quick kubber Cushions! Dingooa fice!
AXi0T Niviuiis, Lo Luertvet.. New York.
Parson’s Uyrgative Pills—Dest family physic; Shendan’s
Cavalry Condition Powders, ior Lore,
Wedding and Visiting Corde, rive! Stamming Kote Papen
Wa EVaLDKELL'S BCH, [Uh FULTON 51. uli. VLD weTCh LMU Ci.
CLEMENT —PIPFR=~On Turi a=, Oct, 24, hy the Nov. Robert B. Terry,
Natuaniel 11. Clewoat to UC, Amelia Piper, Joi brevano., bo cade’
BINCLAIR—TOWLE~On Mcouay, Oct. 25 at the residence of the
bride's father, Kxeter. N. H., bv the lev. EE Hale of hLostom,
ansisted by Charles Marseil'es, es... ~omuel dioclair jr., of this cay, 0
Anuie R., daughter of Charies LU. Towle.
WHITALL—CULBERTSON—On the 15th inst.. by Friends Ceremony,
at the res.deace of tue Liwe's wotucr, ww Lrookiva, Dr. Samed
Whitall of New-York to Frinces Cornelia, daughter of tue lute Kev. ML
8. Culbertson, D. D., pf Sua glu, Clin
All Notices of Marriages must be indorsed with full
name
AFR Fo RT
AIMS—At White Plains, oe Monday, Oct, 23, William P. Aims, in the
52d year of his age.
Beiotives aud (riends are invited to attend the funeral from the Duteh
Reformed (burch, on Wedposliy, the 25th inst, at3 o'clock p.
I1.m leaves Forty-second-st. Depot at 10:30 a. wm.
ARNOLD—At the Samaritan Home for tha Aged, 409 West Fourteenth
st.. N. Y., Oct, 24, Hester Arucid, aged 50 years.
Relatives and friends are invited to attend ber funeral on Wednesday, the
258k, at o'clock,
DAVIES—On Monday, Oct. 23,'71, at New-Haven, Coon., Joka M,
Davies, formerly of New-York.
Fancral services will be held at bis lete residence, New-Haven, Coun, o4
11:50 a. w., Wednesday, Oct. 25, 71. Carr.ages will be 1p atiendaince
at Depot, on arnival of 8 o'cuvck trais from New-York.
PU1LER—Suddenly, in Brooklrn, Oct. 23, Olive Fuller, wife of the late
Luther Faller, in the 85to year of ber age.
Punesal frow the residence of Ler son-in-law, A. Brinkerhoff, 235 Clee
mont-ave., near DeKalb, D.ooklyu. as 2 o'clock, Weunesuay, Oct 35
Relatives and friends luvited to attend
GRAFF—At Washington Higiits, Monday, the 23d inst., of Bright's dis
ease of sue kidneys, Margaret Loulse, wife of Jolin C. Graff.
Friends and relazives are iuvite! to aitend the funersl from the Presbys
tenian Cuurch, corner Tevth-ave. and Uue-busied-and-hy Sibel. 4
2 o'clock p. m., Weone day, 25th lust. ‘U'raius leave Hudson Ri
Depot, toot of Thirtieth-st., at 1:50 p. m., for Oue-hundred-and Gig
second-st.
MILLS—On Monday. the 23d inst., Anna B., wife of Oscar I. Milla
The funeral will take place from her late residence, No. 264 West Thirty
seventh st, on Thursday, the 20th inst, at ll a.m. The (ricuds sd
relatives of the family are invited to atteud.
MERRITT—=On 24th inst, Jacob Merritt, aged 34 years,
Funeral Thursday, 26h inst, at Zp, i, (roi the house of his fathes,
Charles 1. Merrits, Danbury, Conn.
WADSWORTH—On Sundar, 22d iast., Mary Ellen, wife of Dr. Samuel
D. Wadsworth. and dang! ter of the late Geosge Higgins, ny 27 years.
Relatives and (riends of the family are invited to Aon) her od {rom
No. 203 West Fifty-ninth-st., on W cunesuay, the 25th just, at 1 p. mo.
WOODEUPF=0a Tuesday, Oct. 24, Peter Woodruf, in the 65th year of
is age.
The robtives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend
the tanersl (rom bis late residence, No. 313 West Tweaty Ahh,
Thurrd.y, Oct. 26, at 1 o'clock, witlout farther notice.
YOUNG—At Morristown, N. J., on Monday, Oct 2, Elsa Young, la
the 7uth year of her age.
Relatives and friends are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral from
the residence of Geogge tH. Danforth, Morristown, N. J., on Thursday
worning, the 26th ust., at il o'clock. ‘Iran leaves New-York, fooi of
Barelay and Christopher-sts., st 5:10 8. m. The remaine will be taken
to Greenwood for interment. Carriages will be in waiting at the Bare
olay-st. Ferry, Now-York, upon the arrival of the 12 m. tran from Moe
ristown.
GOV. FENTON, full
SENATOR CONKLING,
MARTIN I. TOWNSEND of Troy,
CHAUNCEY M. DEPRW,
WM. M. EVARTS,
aad other Sainsuibel speakers will address the meeting.
JOHN J. TOWNEND, Chairman General Cow nities.
JOHN H. WHITE, Cnairman Katification Conuniites.
CHAS. 8. SPENCER, Chaurmau Invitation, &e.
Wx. Drounoxn, Secretary, rae casita
A Grand Republican Mnss Meeting will be held at Sree
euse. on THURSDAY, the 26th instant, under the auspices of the Repub.
lieau County Committee of Onondaga and the Siate Committee, coopera
ting with the Y. Men's Btaze Republican Association. fon.
CHAUNCY M. DEPEW. Gea, CHARLES H. VAN WiUK, Ex-Gev,
BUTLER G. NOBLE, and other emineat speakers will address the meet.
a4. py UR$se eijtatsition throughout the diate are invited to
attend, and oigatey) dok gations are invited from sll distriets. oe
Re publican County ittee of Onondaga will bave charge of the
rh Ho) aad all local i2spublicus Committees and organizations
througout osunty are invited to attend en mae,
LEE R. SANBORN,
Recretary Young Men's State Republican Association.
Now or), Ott IS, A, ir msirc mm"
The Seventh Sematorinl District Republican Convene
tion will meet on WEDNESDAY EVENING, Oct. 20, corner Fifth-ave.
snd Twenty-second-st., at 8 o'clock, HENRY WILSON, Charmaa.
Go. F. CoaCHMON, Becretary. i es
Eighth District Union Kepublican Senatorial Come
vey will meet at the Wigwaun. Forty uinth-t., between Kighth and
Ninth-aves., THIS (Wednesday) EVENIAG, Oct. 25. at 8 o'clock,
ALEX'E McDONALD, Cosirmas.
Kepublican Nomination.
Tenth, Kieventh, and Seventeenth Wards,
FOR SENATOR—AUG STUS WEISMANN
Committee for the Relief of the Sufferers by the.
Chicago Conflagration.
Roous or THE CrAvnRR or Coxnrencs,
No. 63 WiLLIAN-sT,, October 13, 18TL
Persons dealrons of stbaeribing to this object may send their cootribe
tions to the Chamber of Commerce, No. 63 William-st., care of GEORGE
WILSON, Secretary of the Chamber, Letwecn the boars of 10 a. m. aad
3p. m. por to any member of the Commitee. Checks to be made payable
to the order of A. A. LOW, Treasurer.
OFFICERS OF THE COMMITTEE:
JOMN C. GREEN, Chairman, 71 South-st.
GEQEGE OPDYKBE, Vice-Chairman, 25 Nassan-st.
A. A. LOW, Treasarer, 31 Barliog-slip.
FRANK E. HOWE, Secretary, 83 Wall-st.
Lile Association of America.
QFFICE, 92 BROADWAY, NEW.YORK
CARDINAL PRINCIPLES:
Safety asd fair retara to policy-bollers, Eecosomy and euergy in man
agement, All protits equitably divided among policy-bolders.
Policies non.furfeiting, fait surrender value guaranteed by charter.
Ryery State bas one of more representatives in the Geoeral Board of
Directors. WILLIAM BARNES, Acteary,
a a C. PV. Buuxes, At'orney,
Be

Beas Bargains Ever Offered in New-Yark.
WHITE FEZNCH CHINA LINNEK SEIS, 137 pieces..... 533 00,
COLORED and GILT FRENCH CHINA DINNER SETS... 23 00
COLORED and GILT FRENCH CHINA TEA SETS, 4 picers 10 00.
SILYSRB-PLATED CASTERS, 6 cut botdet. sv. ..oocoonnres 8,30
S11, %BR PLATED TEA SETS, pisces best plate... 29 50.
SILVER-PLATED TABLR FORKS, the dosew......o........ He
CuLORED CHAMBER SETS, 11 pieces, Buglish maks...... 4 30
Together with
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF
CUINESE aad JAPANESE
PORCELAIN.
W. J. 7. DAILEY Oo.
No. 631 Beenivyy
Loa Perrine Mauce.
ce Prescanced by Couneissaary A
ue THE ON LY GOOD HAUCE
I$ improves a sud and anrtvaled
rect bY Mews. LEA PERRIS provecsie all putin
making or vending csunterfells i SONS,
JOHN DUNGARER JW Torx,
ia Siew or Tare reskin akitasi, &o.
Devited ts for
W. UNDER 4 00D Us. 's original is oaly geoaine make, a deli
lous relish table.
Fo by \be best Wholesale, 96 Fullonst.
bar, 4
PRICE THEBES ORXTR
“For Dinmonds WHICH and Jewelry go tw Gza O,
ALaity, Mi roaduay, peat Bros WY isms rei————
a, 1 os Neto The was for Earope, during ibe wosk end
J Mon: 0ECY bs wits Re EE al I
FAN ut A coiomek W500 Laue, Mga i sad ou daturay
uke te db Fasisnassen

A CULTIVATED TASTE
AAKkILID
DirrnD
Bolitical Notices
nr AAA AAA
"Republican Grand Rally
T0
RATIFY THR STATE TICKET,
to be held at
COOPER INSTITUTR,!
October 25, at 74 p. w.
a
Special Notices