local rvmvs.
PbMe'Cf(lhe Moon lor the Month of Dec, 1871.
mmm'us n ear, mmii. hxrrs.
MMVCVC MEAN TIME.
36 1 ax
JiaJJ...
H)IIHX8IVI AM) SETTING.
$elljsiiii SHix V fM
fm
lack. Emeu. B SwfM.
S3, to Bin sjr SSt...
5Mk u liM as Knife!.
an, teat Mm l Sm Sets
.111..
1T
H
M
la
Hbr Jiejesty Qewee Earaa, oOEteraptatls a sUort
tW Ktnaai, ioaft pe?f on the wbooeer Jeaarr
tTiB4r, aad wlU, w uederttiBd, return by
raw KHmn mi tfcrSltb inet.
FAVMit. Cj4. 64,ebrd, of the D. C. JIarrij,
mi Sir. Cr. Farm of Ac XamU, has oar
taaatoltcUto papers atxl other favors.
native borer on tb Llfeee PtaaU.
Kent, eosHBvHd strieMe on the 6th loft. Xo
K te nuea for the act
tirnrr bains; Obrtlm5 Day, there will be
a MftMMht Odcfatla, cemaMatdag at 12 o'clock
Sets- eetariac, at tk temporary Cathedral
M attention to the tneetiw: of the
Bmit 0t Tnalfei of ttse Qoeee's Iloepttal to take
ptaea at ttK OMtt-bea at 11 jl x., on Sataraij
mat" UK "Tmr4j, St. Itmesw I)r, Dec. Slst, tbere
ft he evaahif sorrioe at M p. at St Andren
taannij CavtMel, wMi ecrraoa by Arcbdeacoe
JtasO aaya v, wm toon have a trl-weekly paper
bere, paMMwd by aa ebteeprMajr rrlattss; etab
IbAeMaa town. If the report k true, we v. Isfa the
aMm anceaat, and ardently hope the proprie
tor sse a "pood tisne."
Tut.-
-T Parataimjut of FIJI tset on the 1st of
Tba tame Soeaker, Mr. Iielterc, who
lneaMad erer tew Hoate of Delegates, called to
aetker aaaae ttan atnee to debate on the stir cos
UMItM, xswm MNanhwoctlr elected Speaker. On
the asaraaac of tfee M, tbc Klae made as addree
before the SarHaateot, which e shall publish at an
eaity date.
X cw 13cbt Hawaiian rueeotly arrived at
San FraveMo frami labMl bj the ship Iloratlo Har
ris, prtaoawa, they baring beett seat to the United
Statee by the Aaterkao Coneal lor trial. They are
r Jtartot the erew o tbeAtBorlean wbatesblp
nwwloled wUle that -reel was lvinr
at An Maad of Ateemlon lat spring, and alter
ward aade their way to Tahiti.
Diaawsws. Oa Saturday moruiog a native fisher
saaa diaoorered the boor of a Otaiman floating in
the harbor, wbleh bad apparently been la the water
aenwl day. Atthoagfa the man's face was ranch
ttrifeBRd, he wn recognlttd a oe of the Chioa
aaea who lately oawe from Tahiti by the brh; Kaaie
hamahin V-, be wiwtiwr bis death was aocidetital or
aot, baa aot beea aacerlataed.
4oiic Ooau The Atlanta and D eke of Edlnburg
ban arrived froea Newcastle with coal tbe former
with Ijm tc for tbe Webb steamers, and the
tatter with SUB toot for tbe Hawaiiu Government.
The aria; Peter, with a email carjro, Is nearly due,
which Is all that is at present on the way. A large
r hi atway kept oo baud for the steamers, as
aboat 1,380 tons a month from here.
Ok Tnesdar and Wednesday, Dec 96th and 27tb,
the esnanlantbti of the pupils of Iolani College will
tahenaace between 10 x. M. and Sr. it. Ou Thurs
dr evenfcne. Sec SSth, at 6 r. m., there will be
T.rt Souk tbe school chapel, and afterwards
dwiac the ereaioc, selected recitatioos will be de
livered by oae of Hie ponila, and rewards of merit
given). All Interested in education are respectfully
itnKed ts attend.
Tas Kiuou Tbe Mcaater Kilanea will leave
to morrow afternoon at three o'clock for Kauai,
tnamhlnynt Hasalei, Koloa, Waloea and NawIHwili,
1 1 it Manila, to Boanlnln on Snnday morning. She
"wBI naake tbe trip aronnd Hawaii next week, touch -bag
at HBo and all the principal points on tbat isl
and, aaat port oa Xanl. Tbe steamer was unable
to naake nay port on her last trip after leaving Ka
Wmlbae, In consequence of heavy southerly weather.
NiVAi. Advices from San Fiandsco by tbc D. C.
Xanay abate that the U. S. Ships California, Narra
gaainU and PmiaMOhi were expected to leave tbat
aaat aboat the let lost., the two former bound to
this port, and the latter to Callao. Th'.s is ao4ber
change from foraaer advice, although a letter has
neea receaVed ft inn naiiaT tha aaseers stating" that
tae CaiaarnJav woaM won proceed to South Amer
ica, where h wad maaiu several montbf, and
i to San Francisco would -visit llono-
i a few weeks.
A hi I nam i Ooccuxxce. Capt. McGregor
eaan. tfeat while the ateaaaer was lying at Keala
lirtuaa Bay, oa Tfaoraday but, he obeerred toward
asavoa a fcan aatoke about a mile off the southwest
pohatof theiaUad,aadiua laprsiou in regard to
at the ttaae wa, that it was a volcanic eruption.
Br. flaaofria. whoeta noticed it, states that beaaw
I la the eeae direction, between 11 and 12
1 oa looidnar again a few rainotes later.
I aboat twenty mm-
r it dHappeai"ed he cc-uld see nothing
PfOhaolr the next arrival from tbe
Koam caaat anay give a due to the myatery.
A
XcnUKCK. We hare ouserred
a
na startcbed across King street.
r the corner of Fort street, which, when a breeze
fcaj,,, anaa with a report like a pistol. Horses j
uMiiages near inie aign, at seen times,
certain to fee frightened, and drivers of
i to be carefal wUle driving iu tbat
ihsaged to nee the greatest precau
:ran away with. "Everybody's"
I aata yesterday, when that of Mr.
was "wrecked" br
by the Sapping of the
The horse left tbe carriage on the other
rht at the Sailor's
XorCaaateif aa occupants -were is tbe car-
brig Morning Star arrived at
rthe.lUoTAat fearing
i treat here in eighteen dars. On
r asaa-Ao" he had called at Snuantoad's and
AH oa board tbe Morning Star
weJL Mr. Randolph, a foreig&er
cbaar an the Maad of Altaian, report; tbat the rteK
of aaeP.&ahaa iaamtawa there U not likely to
He says: "She had better
taatlaViilnl, fat these Batircs to
aaBBCaaadaBWhBakaC It is Beten for ie to
aaactaareaaet hftaaaa. Sattce It to say that they
tm aatpartheoS, aad say that they wffl bt the
rirrrina of ititnii of the nooolaia
9ia. t, of Kotrbts Tempiar, held at
af Le Pragres d rOceaoie, ou
the loBsniDg otScers Viere
JtChBML,ft.S.
ul.O.5
.4aaShxNcDaX
k The mat sales at the Acc-
i take ptarr Mriag the nronth
aad New Year, are takhrg
whth the saase re-mlarity with which
hntilrr ncafl to eM sad young the
and 'becBtJM rnenae.-les which duster
1th eaOB. Adams Ets a sale on rrKay
E a large variety of beautlfnl
ale mflubai saltahte for Christiaas and New
Xaara aaunult. irW he eSered a number of valu
tMe iwattii, a Archtteetsre aad Geuersl Sdecec,
sa the ahnrr ef the late L. L. Torbert, which
aacaatto trv .'ihtalaafl here from any other source.
&adky ereaiafr, holds a tale ot
sttthefcefifers, which wc venture to
ft ana
Pti SjIMIHJt
i4caatty, aadare
thasitoaaaM hefai
Hsva, eat the npasiltL
tf,. aJt
aaaa daVfaaT"? Mia
abnwaaBi
ahk saTthc sdacat.
aaaehal fcr ate aoaaat; aar
AahaX JLatrliliaj.
Aa. aoaa,BBht Bajtoa.
Jlaau ataiaVis.'Soa. WWlaraf.
aayaaiihset'Jo'JceEed la town.
The Mearuthip Moffs Taylor, fully doe from San
Francisco, has not been telegraphed op to the time
of RoUg-lo press, 'llie strong tautlnrly pale, Ulrica
Is now blowing, probably detain her over the Bsoal
time.
The GovEnNMENT Building. Ground has been
broken, on the lot opposite the Palace, forthefonn
datiOD of the uew Government Building, and the
work wIU, as we understand, be energetically posh
ed f inward.
Tnn Steam Navigation Board, whowereieqnested
by too Colonial Treaserer, the Hon. George Lord, to
itireatigate the dreomrtsace alttndint; the colIWon
between the American mall steamer Nevada and the
A- H. Badger, bare sent in tbeirreport. Atterdescrib
1C the preliminary proceedings, the report coes on
to state: "On Thursday, Oct 20thK the Board as
sembled to bold the Inquiry, when there were
present the master of the A. II. Badger, with his
witnesses, and Captslc Bletbcn, of tbc eteamer Ne
vada. Mr.-IIalt, the American Consnl, alto attended,
bnt declined lotakeany part In theproceedlost, lstl
raatlog throoh their lepal repretentatire their de
termlMtioa to defer what I bey bad to say until tbc
case too u Id be breurbt under Judicial investigation.
The legal represeoIatiTe of the Insurance Company
ahw attended, but declined to take any part in the
proeeedinps. On the purely a parte view of the case
presented to the Board, they do not feel tbat they
would be warranted in pronunciog ac authoritative
opinion as to which vessel was In default; but tbej
feel constrained to record their opinion tbat great
Maine Is to be attached to the !ron in eharse of
the steamer Nevada in proeeediiic on their conrse
without stopping to Inquire into the facta of the
collision, and also nbetber any atsietioce was re
quired by the other vessel."
Late Foreign News.
EUIIOPEAX.
London, Nor. 34 The limtt grounds Us belief on
the re-ekctlon of Grant on the fset tbat he has
brought aboat j reconciliation of the United Status
wttfa Bugiand, and has effected a redaction of the
national debt. It contlnnes In terms o! the highest
praise of Grant and declares that his cooaeet to bold
ofBee is a basest to bh country, and expeets 1,500,
000 rotes la his favor at the nut Presidential elec
tion.
John Rn-kln is elected Rector of the University
of SL ABdrews.
The Queen his returned to Windsor Castle from
Balmoral.
Uadisguieed apprehensions prevail with regard to
the Prince of Wales, as bis father died of a similar
complaint, and It ls'rumored ou Change that he is
worse than the published reports admit.
Madhid, Nor. 24. A leading journal says tbat
a Defers which have been made to recent private in
quiries show tbat Great Britain is ready tn receive
from Spain proposals for the restitution of Gibraltaf.
Paris. Nov. 2L A larire number of sympathizers
of the Emperor made a demonstration In his honor
and tra retted the Faubourg St. Germain nith shouts
of "Vive Napoleon I" No attempt was made by
the police to interfere.
Thiers received the Chinese Embassy yesterday
evening. The chief Ambassador expressed the hope
tbat treat j relations Del ween r rauee ana (Jnltia would
be maintained, to which Thiers replied: "Yonr
government must give proofs tbat our missionaries
aod consuls are respected. This is absolutely neces
sary for the preservation of peace between France
and China." Tbc President's tone was emphatic
aud the Ambassadors withdrew deeply impressed.
Vienna, Nov. 21. Prince Anersperg has succeed
ed in forming a new Ministry, and tbe Cabinet is
now compete, ltis composed as follows: Presi
dent of tbe Council, Prince Adolph Anersperg; Min
ister of the Interior, Losser; of Commerce, Prixtis;
of Agriculture, Bonobties; of War, Culucbetzkl of
Justice, Glazer; of Interior and Worship, Streymey-
er; of Finance, Plener. The announcement of tbe
names were well received.
Berlix, Nov, 21. The Commission to-day report
ed to tbe Reichstag a scheme for the maintenance ol
the army. They estimate tbe annual expenditure
lor tbe regular troops, based upon a force of 41,599
men, exclusive ot officers, at about 90,858,000 1 balers
sad recommend an appropriation of 2S t balers per
bead for tbat number of enlisted men for tbe next
three years. The parliament has not yet taken ac
tion ou the (object.
Nov. 25. Orders have been sent to tbc navy yard
at Letiel to fit out three men of war for Brazil. It
is understood that tbe purpose of the expedition is
to demand satisfaction for maltreatment of German
naval officers lu a street fight iu the city of Rio de
Janeiro.
The Emperor of Germany accepts tbe position of
arbitrator between tbe United States and England
on tbe question of the northern boundary near Van
coaver'e Island.
London, Nor. 25. The official balletic of tbe
physicians of the Prince of Wales states that the
symptoms were more favorable yesterday, but after
ward that tbe attack of fever increased. The Prince
passed a restless and uncomfortable night.
Tbc sudden and severe coldness of tbe weather
causes great distress among the poor of the city. A
number of deaths have resulted from cold since Ice
and frost appeared. Measures are being taken to
provide lor tbe sutlering.
A coilery explosion yesterday, near Brunswick,
resulted in killing eight miners. By a similar acci
dent near Haresford, twenty men were injured but
do one was killed. An accident occurred on the
North-Western Railway last night, seriously Injuring
seven persons but no deaths are reported.
A spjeial dispatch from Berlin says tbat the public
mind there is disturbed in view of tbe diplomatic
attitude assumed by Germany toward France. Bis-
mark privately advocates a continuance of tbc sys-
temof military preparation for war. The recent ac
tion of tbe Reichstag in prolonging tbe military
budget ou a war estimate, contemplates f jieedy re
occupation of the French Departments by tbe Ger
mans. Bismarck advocates this movement for the
reason tbat he sees tbat tbc tenure or authority by
tbe Thiers government Is Terr precarious.
A special dispatch from Alexandria, Egypt, dated
Nor. 2Sd, says that a terrible catastrophe had occur
red off tbat port In consequence of a collision be
tween two steamships carrying passengers and malls.
Tbe vessels met with great force and both sank, re
setting iu seventy-five Algerian pilgrims meeting a
watery grave. The men were overburdened with
gold, tbe weight of which rendered their efforts to
swim unavailable.
Pauls, Nov. 36. The decision of the Commission
of Pardons in tbe cases of condemned Communist
prisoeef s is still kept secret. Tbere is great anxiety
among ail classes to learn tbe fite of General Roesel.
Berlin, Nor. 6. Parliament has approved tbe
bill reported by tbe Budget Commission, fixing
tbe army for three years at 400,000 men, at a cost of
about 93,000,000 1 balers.
London, Nov. 26. Tbe Prince of Wales has oeen
suffering from severe fever, but the physicians in at
tendance issued a bulletin this evening stating that
an was going on well.
At a Council of working men held last evening,
Mr. Scott Russell stated that the Lords were still
anxious to perfect an alliance and tbat a joint meet
ing of both Councils would soon be held.
BBOSSELf, Nor. 26. L de Decker has resigned
tbe governors-hip of Limbcrg In order to quiet dis
turbances which were becoming of aa altrmlBg
character.
AMERICAN.
New Yoek, Not. 24. Alexis aod solte arrived at
half-pa st tea o'clock to-nigbt, and proceeded quietly
to the Chreodofi IloteL
The prevalence of tbe small-pox here Is said to be
due to tbc fact tbat vaccination has been very much
neglected. Tbc Board of Health, from lack of fonds,
was obliged some time since to discbarge fifty doc
tors Iron Its service If the Sanitary and Health
Decarttsests were provided with the necessary
funds they would soon star the disease; unless they
are, tbc epidemic must fearfully increase
WtEniNSTOX, Nov. 24. Tbe management of the
Russian Legation passed to-day from Catacazy to
General Gortsoff, whose residence has been at Hart
ford, as military attache of the Legation. This gen
tleman will be very acceptable to the executive
authorities in his new position, and the chingc re
lieves the President from the enpjeasant duty which
Catsrary's conduct had otherwise made necessary,
of sending him his passports. It 'may be regarded
as a practical compliance to tbe request ot this Gov
enment lor bis recall. It is understood that Cata
cixy has been ordered by his Government to wait
upon the Grand Duke during bis tour in this country,
and to return to Russia itnmedlstely ou Its close.
General Gortsofi will simply act as Charge d' Af
fairs of Russia until the successor ol Catarazy shall
be appointed, the fdactloM of tbc Utter having
ceased.
Chicago, Not. 25. The Board of Police arc tn-
gaged In an Investigation of the origin and progress
of the great fire. Yesterday, Mrs, O'Leary, who
owned the cow tbat kicked tbc lamp over tbat set
the barn on fire, was examined and testified tbat
she and her famtlr were In bed when the fire broke
out, bnt that tbere was a "shindig" going on In a
portion of her house occupied by a fiddler, and that
she was told, when aroused by the fire, that one of
the party went ont to tbe barn with a light to pro
cure milk for cooking oysters, and that the lamp
was kicked orer.
New Yobk, Nor. 25. It Is stated that tbe whole
Board of Auditors, twenty-fire In number, including
Mayor ITall, will be arrested on Mouday on a charge
of complicity in the.eity frauds.
Connollj-'s" arrest to-day created quite a flutter at
the CitV H1L Shortly after It became public it was
generally talked about throughout Ike city, the
arrest was made br Sheriff Brennan in person. Con-
nolle was taken w boll vbr surprise. The arrest was
based ou the same summons as used in tbe coses of
Tweed, Ingersol), Garvey, and Woodward. Con-
nollv's name was added to the others afterwards.
Couoolly, lu charge of a deputy, started In search ot
bondsmen. It was annoanccd late In the afternoon
that Eugene Kelly, the banker, who is reported to
be worth Sll.uw.iwu. would give ball.
The lltrald't Washington dispatch states that
Minister Schenck will be recalled In a very short
time, when Secretrr Fish will succeed blra. There
seems to be nothing in the law preventing a Minis
ter from engaging In trade or speculation: cnstonl
and dignltj, however, have prohibited Ministers
from assuming business or speculative positions.
Horace Greeley states In the Tribme that Schenck
should not be condemned unheard, as men so able
and worthy as he is are not so atiundant that wc
can anord to crush one on a baud presumption.
WasntNSTOx, Nov. 15. It Is ascertained from
official sources tbat there is no truth in the state
ment that Schenck will be recalled and Secretary
Fish succeed biro.
New York, Nor. 15. Collector Arthur has not
yet received his commission, and Murphy still con
tinues to discharge tnc duties ot collector.
Nobody longer doubts Tweed's Intention to fly
from the country. Those who have been his warm
est friends hereabouts are dropping away from htm,
and denounce him as bitterly as an eneuiv.
co.n.i: KieciAL.
liCNOLULU, DEC. 19, 1ST1.
We hare to note the arrival of tiro vessels from
Newcastle with coals. Tit tbe bark Atalanta, with a
cargo of 1,360 tons fur mail steamers, and the bark
Duke of Edinburgh with a cargo fur the Government.
Tbe bark D. C. Marray arrircd on the 10th, nine
teen days from San Francisco, with merchandise and
pasiengers to Walker A Allen.
Tbe Eteamer Nebraska arrived on Sunday morning,
having left Anekland on tho 1st inst. We understand
tbat she has a lare through freight, which shows a
growing trade in this direction.
The barkvntine Free Trade is fully due from Puget
Sound with a cargo, consisting of lumber, hay, pota
toes, turnips, etc.
The barkt'ne J A Falktaburg is loading for Oregon,
and the barks Queen Emma and D. C. Murray for
San Francisco.
Our report from San Franeiseo per D. C. Murray
show tuat sugars are quite firm, ranging from 69e
for dark and medium, and from 9!c for good to
choice. Rice, pulu and molasies in aomo demand at
former rates.
Advices just received from Sydney and Auckland
are not so favorable for the shipment of sugars in that
direction.
The steamer Nebraska will sail for Australia on the
arrival of tbe steamer Moses Taylor, doe to-morrow.
POKTS.
For Victoria, B C, tr Victor, Dm U
MoUm. glU 3,416 Sartr, lbs 156,910
Value Doomtlc..;ts,il; Foreign SS.SO.
For Guano Iludi, per CM Ward, Dec 16
Drmd. cask 5 Vrk. bbla
Beef, Hm S,000 Paiai, lb 15,000
MolMsss, this 16
VsJus rxwisttK:..;i2S5,00; Forel-n..' fWS.Sl.
IJal'OltTN.
From XciUe, K S Y, rr Atalanta, Doc lS-l.SiJ ton.
uti to ii umnw a- ua.
From San Francisco, per D C Murray, Doc 16
AeUe.bx
A rales, bxa
Dreiad, es
I).ed, Dia
lkR, sts1
Sutter, keg
Cracaeca, this
CM771x
Canary Hill,
Drags, cs
Drug, bx
Dried Anlw, pkgs
Flour. H iks
Grates, c
tiroeerie, pkgs
Cae,pkg
Oaraen Seeds, pkga
Hops brie
Ice. toes
Uae,bMs
Logwood Shavings, bbb
Matcbee, tin
Marble, c,
Mdie, cs
MM,Ig
Husk, parcel
1 NuU, bags
54 Wl.cs
91 OaU, kj
10 Oatons ski
688 Oysters, cs
1 Puwdor, ci
70 Frets
IS Port Wine, c
1 Pears, cs
12
160
IS
Pickles, tag
Plwtograpl),
Pot toe fred5, pkg
n, bx
thing:., bdis
StmfUe, pkg
Stationery, es
Sundries, cs
Sand, tons
Twine, bale
2W0
1
21
14
1
1
1
40
20Q
1 TOMOOtt, cs
2 Toys, br
23 VMio, ptg
St Whiskey, leg
1 Wooden Bolters, bdl
From Sydaey and Auckland, per stair Nebraska, Doc 17
Arrow-root, bags 43 Mdse, pfcgs
Dollar, sets
ut, ptg
Opium, cs
Bun, bbd
Ststiooery, pkg
Violin,
Whiskey, es
Draadf er csks
Brandy, cs
Oeoeva, cs
Iron, bars
Loatber, pkp
10
is
1M
4
From Newcastle, N S TV, jerDuke Edinburgh, Dec IS 560
LOU Ol OOBU
IOItX OF IIOIVOI.IJLIJ.
AKR1VKU.
Dec U Stfers Jeaoy ukI IUttic from Kami.
Ii Am bk A Ulan t.v, Sinclair, 75 dTs from Ncwcaitle,
S W.
Ift Star KJliaea from Wiadvanl roi t. Am bk D C
Murray, bepAerd, 19 days from fan Frucfco, tip
Lire YDte from and Kiir Kinao from Koolan.
17 Star Vfcruka, Uftrdlftg. 30 diji from Sjdnej tU
AockUnd.
15 Sr A&niefratn Hawaii, Brbk Pvke of Kdlcborgb,
IliH, 60 alajd tra Necatle. N b W.
19-Schr aNettie JlerrfH from Maui.
SAILED.
Dee IS Fchr Prince- for Haw-JL
H ScLre F-trr Qtaea and Jenny for Kami. MoiWIUfjr
Mawi. Wainla for Wolotal, mod id Lktce Victor,
Goto, fcr Vlctorh, D C.
16 Scfen TlatH for Kaoai. XotUe Merrill and Hot ul fie
fix- Maol. nod C M Ward for Oaino IstaDd.
19 Scbrj pAaabi for Hawaii, Kin a for Koolau, and sip
Liro Taskee for MauL
Fruui Windw-vrd rutt. per atur KilaoeA, loc 10 O Jicod,
J Poters, J Ilaoai and 25 ow-ic.
From San Francisco, pr 1 C Mnrrar, Dec 1& Jode D Mc
ttryd aad Mrs D McBrjde, S N Caatlo. J C Clnocj, Mc
6row. 0 Kiofxcold, Geo S Br&. Mrs Woodenboix, Mi
AVutdaalmr Jamee Siai. V II Tripf. Ah Viug, Ah Mc,
and Ah Tong.
For Gaaso IUd, erCM Ward, IVc 16-Capt KiWinc,
"Vbu Ye-aag, G IloUbeo, Wm II Foje, Antono Uogbos and 4o
Uburcrs.
From Hrdaej and AactUnd, per star Nebrta, Dec 17
ForUvorpr-J UrTaacowifr, and iafant. Ilw D-mrlt and
wife, S I lev wood, Mr Smith. For San 1 -urnorCoo-tiai
aad wife, Rer p Bercfc, Rot J ReonUo. LO Gercheilad
os, h M Lennaa, Mr Tribery. Cpl Lnnfar, Mr Willie and
boo, II K Goodman, D L Nelon, Am For. Mr Boche and
wife, J and M tenlnuir, W is 0, Laogblac, and in etoorage.
From Newcattle. .V S W, jr DuVe Edlnborgh, Dee IS J
Cooper, and Ilfnrr Xoijo.
Bask Atiljlxti. Tbia Tesel, while entering tbe harbor on
the afternoon of the 14th hwt. got &bore ou the west side of
the pacMge. A strung Soother bad been bJowia; during the
day, caaoia a boary iwell in tho channel, and tho reteel be
teg deeply loM Capt Sinclair and tho pilot. Opt Meliityre,
conaVdered it adrioable to take the tog before attemptinc
to coac weld altboogh there -was a fJr wind in and blowing
freoh at tbe time, uHvu ptMcible Uut the riee aod fail &f
the t well mlfhl eane her to tdnch. After patstng tho rpr
bvaoy the f track aereral times but wonld bar come into port
all safe had she not raiMed ber helm. Aswietance was sent
oat rmmtdialoly after the got aehore, and tba schooner list
tie aad brig Fraacisco towed alonstide to receiTe as Qcch
of the cargo as woeH lighten ber. After loading the riattie
the bark was tightened trnfficiestly to allow the tag-boat Pele
aad Xht tittle stam-jht 5edaa ts tow her Into port shortly
after midnight. Tho oxtoat cf the damage which the Teasel
has raceired cannot be correctly aceralDed nntil she is dis
charged and ierc-down. aUhongh she is loalisgmiitlerahlj.
The AtahmU left this port tho afternooo of Joly SUI for
Newcastle, (NSW) and has been zaontb on the Tcyage.
Capt SiKlair has kindly fBraEshed the fjUowtag report Was
six days Lecco to the Tiriables, righied Whington IiUad
Acg tth vad crossed the equator on th 11th in long l&l weft;
ttence bad the wind from north of east to soetbeast and pass
ed the XaTigators cn the ISth; wm two days fn sight cf the
Fijis and paused thes to the west ward; had moderate west
erly winds to New Caledonia aad met with strong gales frea
SW which lasted seTeraldars; then had light euterly windj
to Lord II awe's Island and was tn eight of It fonr days expe
rienced sx other W gala which ceatiscad four days, asd the
rentainder if pawce had light rarUbles wlnls. Left New
castle midnight cf Sept 3tnh with 133) ton? of coal consigned
to the agents of th Webb steamers at this port The 2-1
day oat tool; a heary south" It gale whkh lated two days
with great Mterity sprung fortmut, bowvprlt and yards t"
side toeing swrvnl sails; receircd con W era We damage on
decfc, harfng boats stove, Ac, After the gale moderated re
aired all dunngee snSlciently to caatioa the passage. For
seTeral days bad a saceeeskn cf gtlfi nai nlms. Pasted the
1 tig of Three Elags Oct llh aad from tl;ctce made a floe
ron to theTonbonai IUndi,9ltaated In the Tlcloity of Ut 3
sooth, long 1W wet) and pasnl them Nor 1st from thence
to Tahiti was Ii days la making a distance cf about 3t) milt,
baTlugexierieoeed nothing bat light winds calms and squally
wmther; had no aootbeJit trades. Crossed the equator Nor
SOU. In long 1M west and get the northeast trades fresh In lat
10 north" which eo&tioued nutil approachlog the hud. Sight
ed Hawaii on tbe 11th inst aod came through the Hawaii
Channel, meeting with light winds a a til the 13th and arriv
ed the following afternoon.
Bitx D C Mcbut. This pachet an, red on Saturday noon
from San Francisco after an absence of 45 days, baviog had a
longer passage down than nscaL Oa the trip hence had light
trades seTeral days, then fresh winds from SEand S, with
heary rain latter part fresh from W and N, hauling to NE on
noaring tbe ooahat; uad the laod off Santa Crox on the llth
and wm two dy beating up, arririogat San Krtodsco on
tho morning of Nor lMh. The passengers, preTknn to lea t
ing, prcaenteai Capt Shepherd with a complinientary -address
and liof-ed that he might long be spared to occupy the posi
tion which bb courteous deportment and long experience oo
tho route so well qualified him for that cf always command
lag as ttoble a packet as the D C Murray. Ztetnalued In port
nntil tho iTlh and sailed at 1 p m on return trip; was two
dais losideof the Farallones with light UCliog winds and
calms; on tbeeTenlngof the 29th took a fresh breeze from
NW, which Luted tS hours, then Calms and light airs for a
week; aal moderate easterly, winds until sighting Maul on
the afternoon of the litli inst, then bad tbe winds SW until
aril-hi. Cpt Shepherd reports that the R W Wood had not
arrived orer (36 djys ont) when tbe M array eiEIcd.
SmMfcir Xmusix-Left tbis port Oct 2tl at 6pm aod
arrired at Auckland Nor 7th at S.30 a m, haTing met with floo
weather and smooth water thruaghoot the trip. Stopped at
Tatui11a,(ouecf thi Narigator Islands) Oct 31st and remain
ed half an hour to communicate with the shore, a natlra boat
coming off for that purpose Remained at AtxkUisd 21 honrs
and left for Sydney on the &th at S:30 am; passed tbe Three
Kings at 6:30 a m the next day and arrired at Sydney on tbe
ISth after a pleasant run of days and -1 hours, having made
the trip from Honolulu In 20 days and IS hours, arriving 3
hours after the Wonga Wonp, which left this port 3C boors
ahead of tbe Nebraska. Went Into dry-dock the morning of
tho 14th and remained there sren diys undergoing a com
plete overhauling and re-coppering; tbe boilers and machin
ery also received a thorough inptiou. Oa return trip pass
ed Sydney Heads Not 26th and met with strong head Kinds
and thick, weather first 21 hours; variable winds until arriv
al at Auckland on the morning cf the 2d Inst. Left the same
evening for Honolulu and experienced Freeh breezes from XNK
with strong current until within a few days of the Islands,
stneo then had southerly wod to port, arriving et 6 a iu on
the 17th, ll)fj days from Auckland and 20 from Sydney.
Bute Dcr or EoiSBCBCH Left Newcastle Oct 19 at noon;
pawed to tbc westward of New Caledonia the 7th day out,
thence to westward of Santa Crut on tbe ISth day, having
met with light winds from K and NC since leaving port In
the vicinity cf the hlands experienced light variable winds I
with a great deal of thunder, lightning and rain squalls. I
From thence had southerly winds to long 176 oast, lat 0 south;
having met witli no SK trades; had oisterly winds to the EI
lice Group and "Gilbert Ulandi; sighted Scarborough Island
Nov 21 th and met light E and NE winds witfl a strong cur
reut among tbe islands setting to tbe westward at the rate cf
30 Halle a day. Crowed tbe equator 3i days out la long 173
east with light easterly wind to lat 9 north, the w.iterbuing
saQlcieotly smooth up to tbis time aud the wlud so light that
the entire distance could have been made with safety fn an
open boat. Took the NK trade in lat 9 north, long IIS west,
which continued fresh to lat 24 with a heavy sea running, the
vessel being under reefed topsails and courses; tbe wind then.
bnaled to the eastward for three dtys And then Into the 3W;
was in Ut 2730 north, long 150 west on the 10th Inst, within
GU miles of Ocean Island, and pused close tothe position of a
rock which Is placed upon the charts as doubtful, without dis
covering anything. From thence wts six days to the island
Itb steady SW winds, averaging 200 miles a day; sighted
Kami on tbe ICtb, and from thence had light bitSIng winds
to port; felghtrd the light at 8 p ni on the 17th and arrived
the fallowing day. The Duke of Edinburgh will return to
Newcastle In ballast.
Tescl4 Ilrsct. The steamer Wonga Wongt, hence Oct
21st, arrived at Sydney Nor 13th Tlx Leyuka on the Mb. She
will hereafter run between Sydney and Melbourne in connec
tion with steamers City of Adelaide and City cf Melbourne.
The Dritih schooner Mary Cumming, hence August 19th for
Starhnck Isltnd, arrived from thence at Melbourne Nor ISth
viIlorttt,ng-ianJ Norfolk Inland. Urltihh schooner South era
Cross, hence October 4th, arrired at Sydney Nor 15th.
Naval. TheU Ssloop-cf-nar St Marys, Commvnder Har
ris, arrived at Sydney Nor 3d, from Levuka, Fiji. She was
to leave about the middle of tbis month for Auckland, and
from thence would proceed to Calla x Since leaving this port
In Not 1S70, the St Mary baj visited tbe following places
Talchuano, Valparaiso, Coqnimbo, Caldera, Arid and Callao,
South America; tbe Pbtxnix Islands, Nukubiva, Tahiti, Apia
and Leruka. At the latter place Commander Harris sent a
detachment cf marines to tho Island cf Tatvuni (a short dis
tance from Levuka) to enforce the demands of the American
Consul in behalf of a number tf Americans residing on that
Island. Tbe French gun-boat II am ell n, Captain Pouthier,
left Ancklaud Nor 5th for Callao.
&CTaEaY WtfaLtns. Tho following American whalers aro
reported at Re!!, New Zealand, from the southern wealing
grounds since last adrices: Nor 1st, Louisa, Slocntn, with
tioO barrels of sperm oil, 1150 of whale and 200 lbs of bone;
sailed oo the lStb to cruise. Nor 4tht Live Oat, Ileckerinan,
with 730 barrels of sperm oil, fi25 cf whale and dMfQ lbs of
Lone; sailed on the 17th to cruise. Nor 23d, Niger, Oraot,
with 400 barrels of sperm oil and GOO cf whale; sailed on the
S&th to cruise. James Maury, Smith, (previously retorted)
sailed Not 16th to cruise. Tbe Lydia, Tame lane aod Ade
line were reported on the Brampton Shoals In October. The
James Arnold and several others wero cruising off Norfolk
Island In November.
The British bark John Williams, (missionary Yctel) recent
ly arrived at Sydney, reports that a portion of a wreck bad
been washed ashore on tho Islanlof Tunepeti, (lat 8 30 south,
long 179 20 east) one of the EllirejOrocp, cousisting of a deck
house, the Interior of Tibkh was handsomely decorated in
white and gold, and having part of fittings attached; also
portions of beams and deck-planks of pine wood, apparently
belonging to a vessel of about $00 toss, whkh is sarin "wed w.s
American built, A small piece of board wa also found with
tbe name "George STowelP cut la as If with a knife. A
largo quantity cf material from a wreck was also cast ashore
among the Islands a little to the north cf Fun e pet L
The American bark Robert was lately sold at Auckland for
1200, and will probably be converted Into a whaler. She
sailed from Baker's Island in July last with a cargo cf gnano
bound to Cork for orders, but having sprnng aleak shortly
alter leaving she put Into Auckland for repairs and was con
demned, although she ii still cccsidaed la some respects a
fine vessel.
Tbe British ship Empress, with a cargo of guano from Star-
bock IilinJ, arrived at Queen j town Oct 12th In 106 days, aod
from tbeoco proceeded to Ham burg. This is the first ship
ment to Europe from Starbuck Island, but iiTenl thf s w ill
shortly fallow, one or two Teasels being now on the one
of which, tbe bark Excelsior, received a charter at this port
from Mr Tfaeo II IUfies, agent cf tbe Starbaek Isltnd
Gut uo Company.
A Card.
S. S. Nebraska, Dec 16th, 1S71.
Capt I. HasDi.vo, S. S. Nebraska.
Star Sir: We tbe undersigned, passengers of
the S. S. Nebraska, before parting with you are de
sirous of putting on record our sense of the admirable
manner in which you have managed your ship during
our voyage from Australia and Xetr Zealand to Hono
lulu. Xot being nautical men, we do not presume to
offer an opinion upon tbe style build or classification
ol the Nebraska: bnt we have no hesitation in de
claring tbat a deep feeling of security has been pro
duced in tbe minds or tbe passengers Irom toe ob
vious good order and discipline'maintained on board.
The visilauce and care manifested on all occasions by
yourself, and your ofSeeri and the various seaman
like precautions agaimt danger or accidents supplied
in your vesseL
A very favourable impression has been made upon
ns by yonr uniformly courteous and gentlemanly
manners, and your unsealing efforts to promote the
comfort and happiness of the passengers and the
ship's company.
Requesting your acceptance Of the accompanying
piece of plate, as a memento of out good wishes. We
beg you to convey to your ofscers and staff, our
thanks for the civility and attention they have in
variably extended to as.
(cismedi
Hon. Alfred Doaelt,
New Zealand.
Melbourne.
New Zealand.
Bombay.
New Zealand.
Sydney, N. S W.
Anekland, N. Z.
San Franniseo.
Canterbury. N. Z.
L. C. Gusebeil.
John Uoggard,
lion
Col V. Fending P.
E.
A. Wilkie,
D. L. Nein,
Wra. J Vasce,
D. McLennan,
S. Heywood,
Lnici Contnt, and Mabel Contni
W. Rearion, R. 0. C. N. S. W.
Capt. Wm. Lanfar, New York.
Malcolm Lea, Bombay.
E. F. Nstt, Sydney.
J. W. Wfflis, Sydney.
II. Goodman, Canada.
Pateice Bmcn, Chairman.
Balraaia, New South Wales.
B. E. Feisebt, Secretary.
New Zealand.
Mr. CHanuras and Gestuxex: In behalf of my
self and efBeers, it is with mach pleasure I receira
the addrees-and testimonial just presented. I do not
feel tbat it is to any particslar merit of mine, but
that I bare simply dene a pleasant duty, it nis at ait
times been my study to promote the comfort and
well-being ortnr pawfngerj.
Gentlemen, tbat I hare succeeded In n measure In
accomplishing my wishes on tbis rnjago is a source
of deep gratification to tut. I haro to thank you for
tlie cheerful manner vritb rrbich tdu hare at all times
complied .rlthcfecssarj regulations and bornoaU dLs-1
comforts usual on a sea voyage.
Tho testimonial will bo preserved br me as a last
ing memento of the tasnj pleasant dajswc hare spent
tgetber on tbe Nebraska, In conclusion, I beg
yon to accept my best wishes for a continuance of
tbis prosperous voyage to San Francisco, and may 1
you erer meet mth prospentj' and happiness.
Very Respectful.,
I. IUED15G.
S. S. Xrbraska. Decmbcr ICtb, 1S71-
imrrii.
In tlilt CUT, on Tussdajr, Dccrmlxr lh, lotliewifsof
mos. ror prison, i .on.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A
SK3II-AXXUAI .UECTING OF THE
Hoard of Trostns or tho Queen's Hospital
will Wheld at tho Court-house on Saturday, the 23J
at ii a. .u.
Per order. V. A. SCITAKFEU,
Secretary,
Honolulu, Pee. 19. 1S71.
Dissolution of Co-Partnership.
TUB l'nrtncrsliip heretofore existing be
tween 1VII.LIAMS A WALLACE, is this day
dis'olrcl by mutual conicnt. The -senior Partner,
Oerse Williams tll settle all tbe outitandinf: ac
counts of too firm. CEO. WILLIAMS,
W. II. WALLACE.
Honolulu, Dee. 19, 1S71. 19 3t
CHARLES DICKENS'
CHRISTMAS CAROL,
WITH
Soots at the Holly Inn Tree,
George Pauncefort.
Cif Particulars in programmo. It
Administrator's Notice.
nun:
JL ioin
UJi'DEKSinXEI) hnviiir; liccn np-
ointcJ Administrator of the Estate of Fl'.AXK
VIEDard KAIIUE. of Kalihi, Island ofOahu, de
ceased, hereby requests all persona owing tho said es
tates to make immediate pajment. and all persons
having claims agaiust said estates must present tboul
within two months from this date, at my residence,
Tnunui, Honolulu. Oabu, or thoy will be forever bar
red. S. h. KAELEMAKULE,
Administrator.
Honolulu, Oahu, Dec. 9, 1871. 49-U
St. Andrew's Calhedrcl.
a HIE CAROLS will be suns on CIIKIST
MAS EVE after the 7:30 p. in. service.
Services on Christmas day at It a. m. The offer
tory, unless otherwise designated! nil) go to the
"Church 1'und" in connection with the "Church As
sociation." St. Alban's College.
TIIESE.1IWANXUAI. distribution of Prizes
and School Speeches will bo delivered on Tuesday
tbe 2Gth of December, at 7 p. m. at the College. Pa
rents of scholars and all others Interested aro invited
to bo present. IS-lt
CHKISTaiAS
new yeaHTresents
IjUJT.VKU has at his Jewelry Store nn
elcpHnt and rrcAereAe assortment Ct Goods
suitublo for
Christmas New Years' Presents
at greatly REDUCED TRICES. Those desiring
beautiful and genuine articles very cbcap aro invited'
to call and examine bis goods. S9-2t
Fancy Confectionery Articles For
Christmas and New Year's
Presents
AlSO--Wax Tapers, Cane Capias and other
Fancy Articles suitable for Christmas Trees.
Ornamented Fruit, Pound and Sponge Cakes, m ado
of the very best material, on hand and in great va
riety. Also a large assortment of pure home-made
Candles to bo had at F. HORN'S Btkery and Candy
Manufactory.
fr- l'RIZE CAXDY, In boxes, each coniaining
a beautiful Prize 49.3a
THE NORTHERN ASSURANCE QOMPT.
Capital 2,000,000 Sterling
INSURES AT LOWEST RATES
ALL SHAItE-HOLDEItS ARE LIABLE for!os:es
to the full extent of their property.
Tbis is ono of the wealthiest and most cautious of
English Companies, and suffers no losses by tho Chi
cago,fire.
43-lm TI1E0. II. DAVIES. Agent.
KTSW GOODS,
Ex 3I0SES TAYLOR.
j-EW APPARATUS, NEW LENSES,
NEW FRAMES,
CARD do.
CABINET do.
GX)i do.
8 x 10 do.
10 r 12 do.
11x14 do.
FRAMES, formerly fo each, will novr be told
for $3 each, and a proportionate reduction on all
kinds of Frames for one month for cash.
Also,
HAND STEREOSCOPES cheap, and PHOTO
GRAPHIC VIEWS.
AT THE
Cosmopolitan Photographic Gallery,
roiix STitrxx
16-lt H. L. CHASE.
TTTILMINGTOH PITCH, per
lolani,"
t 1 ir or cate by
BOLLES A CO.
THE HAWAII AIM
AN ASSOCIATION OF GENTLEMEN, residents
of these Islands, propose to issue, on Mon
day, Jnnnnry 1st, 1872, the first number of
A MONTHLY JOURNAL
to be known as TI1E HAWAIIAN. Tbe tone of the
journal will be literary, and more particularly devot
ed to tbe dissemioation of home literature, poetry,
history and science. Its iistof contributors embraces
a large sbare of tho talent of the Islands, and the
projectors of the enterprise feel confident tbat they
will be able to furnish food far pleasant thought as
well a amusement, each month.
A column will be devoted to thelorers of chess, and
the editor will bo happy to receive communications on
subjects of interest from any who may feel disposed
to contribute.
Terms For a tingle copy to any Inter-island ad
dress. $1.50 per annum foreign, S2.00 per annum,
both payable in advance. Subscribers in the United
States can remit two-cent U. S. postage stamps in
payment of sabfcriptiens.
Communications and subscriptions received at tbe
office of tbo publishers. Messrs. BLACK i. AULD,
or P. 0. box 110, Honotulu.s 47-tt
TTIor Sale
Cheap for Cash A medium sired
J2 gooso neck duj.
inquiro ot
J. T. CHATTER.
Esplanade.
18-4t
NOTICE.
TIIE FOSITIOX OF PURVEYOR TO
the QUEEN'S HOSPITAL being vacant, tba
Executive Committee anil receive applications for
that place aod request parties appljing to state what
experience they hare had. if an;, in hospitals and
dispensariej, also their knowledge of the Hawaiian
language and ottftr qualifications.
Applications received up to the lath of January
next, will hare doe conaideratioa. Per order
48 t P. A. SCHAEFER, Secretary.
Pioneer Mill, Lahaina.
CAMPBELL fc TORTO.V, Proprietors.
Crop of Sugar of superior quality, now coming
in and for sale ia quantities to suit by
43-tf H. HACKFELD k CO.
AUCTION SALES.
By K. l ADAMS.
SECOND EVENING SALE
On FRIDAY EVENING, Deo. 22,
At Seven o'cloclr,
A FINE LINE OF WARES!
SUITABLE
FOR
CHRISTMAS
-coxstsTi.ia or
Porcelain and Parian "Ware,
Silver Plated Wares,
Cut Glass Claret Jugs,
Decanters, "Wine Glasses,
Goblets ami Tumblers,
CUT GLASS FRUIT FLOWER STANDS!
WHITE GRAMTE A CHINA
DINNER AND TEA SETS,
A PINE ASSORTMENT OP VASES
MouiiN, X'crl'miicrjr, fcc.
ALSO
A VALUABLE COLLECTION OF BOOKS!
Belonging to the Estate of the late L. L.
Torbert, comprising
Standard, Mechanical, Architectural,
Medical, Historical and
Other Works.
ZW" Goods ready for inspection oi Fri
day morning at 10 o'clock.
E. P. ADAMS, Auct'r.
EXECUTORS' SALE
Ordrr- ol' A. Juild niid Ulrsi.
Cntlierliio Xurlierr.
Executors of tba Estate of L. L. Torbert, deceased,
ON SATURDAY. DEO. 23d,
AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.,
-A.T. Storo on. 33ial.-r rxclo,
Will bo Sold
BALANCE OF STOCK!
Remaining on hand, and belonging to said
Estate, Consisting of
Window Sashes, Doors, Sash Doors.
Blinds, Cat Nails, Shelf Hardware,
POLISHED CALABASHES, POi TUBS!
One large Iron Pot for Boiling Taro,
Plate Glass, Window Glass,
Spirit Yamisli, Paints,
Three Jack Screws, large size
Bools. Caso, Olaalars
O III oe Stools,
Desk, Tablo, Calendar Clock
One Engineer's Level, superior,
Two Sets Surveying and Drafting In
struments,
One New Canvas Tent,
One Flat Bottom Boat, new,
Lot Old Lumber, Staging, Horses
ifcc., &c, &c
E. P. ADAMS, Auct'r.
LAST EVENING SALE
On SATUEDAY EVEN'G, Dec. 30
At Seven o'clock.
GOODS FOR NEW YEAR'S
FANCY GOODS,
CHINA GOODS,
GLASSWARE, &c.
E. P. ADAMS, Auct'r.
Guardian's Sale.
TN rimsUAIVCE OP AN OltOUR Ol'
JL SALE, dated 16lh December, 1871. issued by the
Honorable Elisba 11. Allen, Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court, sittiog as a Court of Probate, in tbe
matter of the Guardianship of the Estates of Louisa
anl William trie, minors, which order or sato is on
file in tbe Clerk's Office of the Supreme Court, I ehnll
oticr for sale at f ublia Auction, at the premises, in
Jlonolulu,
On Saturday, the 6th Jan'y, 1872,
An undivided Two-thirds Interest In
THE REAL ESTATE,
Which is situated oa tba Welt tide of Richard street.
sear the Ncsv Hotel, and is described as follows
Commencing at tbe Southwest eorner of this tot, on
the East side of the Hooper Place, and running Xorth,
SO 3 East, 32 feet, to the lot of Clifford at the east
erly corner of the Hooper Place; thence South, 15 9
East, 32 feet to Richards street thence South. 15
West. 81 feet along Richards street; thence North,
45s West, 36 feet to the starting point; and con
taining square leet. or thereabouts. Together
witn a uuiiAur. iiuii.Lii.iLr, in gooa repair, eilu
ated thereon. Title good. S. 0. DOLE.
Guardian of the Estates of Louisa
and William Friel, minors.
E. P. ADAMS, Auctioneer.
Public Notice.
All persons are hereby cautioned against
trespassing on tbe lands called P0CF0UWELA,
KAPA AINA KALO, PAUHI. and OXEULA,
sicuated in the Ahupuaa of Honouliuli, Island of Oahd,
and will take notice that if tbey trespass on either of
said lands, by running cattle, horses or other stock
thereon or in any otherwise, tbat they will bo prose
cuted to the extent of the law.
A. A. HAALELEA.
J. II. Cojtr, Trustee.
December, 12th, 1871. -18-11
Administrator's Notice.
THE U.VDERSin.VEO having been np
pointed Administrator of the Estate of J. LANG.
IIERXE DESHA, deceased, hereby requests all per
sons owing said estate to make immediate payment,
and all persons having claims against said estate
mustpresent tbem,with the necessary vouchers with.
In six months from tbis data or tbey will be forever
barred. W. C. PARKE, Administrator.
Honolulu. Dec. 12. 1871. tS-it
Administrator's Notice.
THE Undersigned, baring been appointed
Administrator of the EiUteof tbo late ROBERT
LETT, of Honolulu, Island of Oibu, hereby ootlSes
all persons indebted to the said Estate to make im
mediate payment; and all persons having claims
agaimt the said Estate are hereby notified to present
the same. J. V. AUSTIN,
Administrator.
nonoIaIu.Sor.22.1871.. iC-it
Administrator's Notice.
nPihc Undersigned having this day been
X daly appointed Administrator of the Estate of
JOHN XOMORE, late of Paula, Pace, Island of
Hawaii, hereby gives Xotice to all parties having
'claims against this Estate to present them on or
before tbe 29th of January next, 1872, or they will
be forever barred: And all persons owing the lame
are requested to make immediato piyment to
L. SEVERANCE.
Hilo, July 23tb, 1871. 30-tfJ Administrator.
AUCTION SAXES.
Uy C. S. BARTOW.
THISBAY.
ASSIGNEES' SALE!
At Nnlr Room.
WEDJrESDAY,DECEMBEE 20th
AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M..
Bj Order of II. Hackfeld Co. Assignees or tho
Estate or Woo Kw X Co.,
I WILL SELL AT FUBMC AUCTION'.
The Balance of a Retail Stock
.........coxraisiiio..
An Ass't Prints, Alpacas, and Merinos
Brown and White Cottons,
Checked Shirts, "Woolen Shirts,
Drown Linen Pants,
Pea Jackets, Umbrellas,
Looking Glasses, Buttons,
Trunks, Carauhor Chests, Show Cases.
AND A LARGE VARIETY OF SUNDRIES.
One Accordcon.
Also, of the Estate of H. C. Waterman, deceasod.
Ono Largo Storeoscopo,
2 Japanese Swords,
Dock of Games, Parallel Ttnles,
Cases of Drawing Instruments,
&C, &C, JiC.
AT 12 O'CLOCK X00X
m-ar X3. O. JVXiiXX-n.y,
50 Boxes of Apples, 15 Bags of Onions
....ALS0....
Bags of Irish Potatoes.
Ono 0iaa.ai"y Z3iacl 1
Warranted a Fine Singer.
C. S. BARTOW, Auct'r.
FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 22d!
GoaaJsnrD
CHRISTMAS SALE!
Tlxo Tnvolco of
m in
Just Rocolvcd
Prom 3Earljs Diroot
WILL HE OFFERED AT ArcTIOS.
On Friday Morning next, Dec. 22,
These Articles hare been Hrlrcleitirlth Great
Care, and Constat of a Large
Variety of
Black and Colored Silks!
Challis, Grenadines,
Foulards, Cambrics.
Organdies, Brilliants,
Pique, Caslimeros,
JJareges, Poplins,
WREATHS, HEAD-DRESSES,
Artliiciiil IVloiverH.
Parasols, Sun-Shades,
Huts, BoiineU, Ribbons,
line DKicl Gloves I
LADIES' TIES AND BOWS,
Very Fine Dress Shirts, Skirts, Corsages
rAIXTJIUUSJ,
Infants' and Children's Clothing
In Piquo and Holland.
Underclothes for Children,
Handkerchiefs, Costumes,
Jupons, Corsets,
Garibaldis, Poletets,
RICH BURNOUS AND OPERA CLOAKS i
llieh Laee Parores.
varmTS satin- shoes,
Grenadine Drtsscs, Insertions, Edgings,
Eta., Etc.. Kt.
A FEW VEP.Y CHOICK
Framed Cliromo-Litliograplis
COSNELLS PERFUMES,
One Miniature Billiard Table
CHOttUET SBTS, fcc &e.
rj& Ladies are invited to Inspect tbe Q da eo
Tharsday next at the Room of C. S. BARTOW.
The Sale will Commoneo Precisely at Half-past Tea
o'clock on Friday Horning, 22 i.
C. S. BARTOW, Anet'r.
EVENING
AT
SALES S00M OF C.
S. BABTOW.
CHRISTMAS SALE I
Saturday Evening, December 23,
At 7 o'clock, will be Sold
A Superior Selection
OF
TOYS, FANCY ARTICLES!
CALABASHES, &c.
ALSO
Oxxo Xllnmoxicl H-inpr,
1 Pair Sleere Bullous, Diamond Letters,
Ono Lady's Cold Watch,
Ono Cont's Cold Watch.
All admirably adapted
FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS!
C. S. BARTOW, Awst'r.
Room JSeStZLe.
ON TUESDAY,
DEC. 28,
At IO o'clock
A. 71.
A Fine
Selection of Dry Goods!
ALSO
A Variety of Olothimr!
And other Articles, Peraoeal BtTaeta of
II1S LATE HIGHNESS 31. KEKBSAOA,
....Coasrstis; f
Jlsneilisi VesU, CoaU. Shirts, ("aim Fraekf,
White and Catarad PaaU, rsderfMrta.
SHk Driwsrs.llVool aad Cottau Brawerf.
Socks. Collars, Cravats. TaUa Caver.
Silk Bedrpraadi, Cottea Btaskets,TSref,
And
Various Other Articles I
C. S. BARTOW, Atwt'r.
EVENING SAIiE!
last Evening Sale at Bartow's!
Friday Evening:, December 29th,
A Very Superior Sletbm of
CHINA GOODS!
And a Varied Atssrtaeat ef
FQr New Year's.
C. S. BARTOWjAucxY.