v.
r
Vr-
lie .'Slato atnimu
Ashland. November 29, 1871
GEO. XI 111 LI., EDITOR
Statc3 and Union.
As the campaign is now tv'er, we of
fer the following liberal terms for re-
newals, and new subscribers. To all
m those renewing or subscribing for the
Coming year we will furnish one copy
of tlits paper, and one copy of Ballou's
Monthly Magazine for $2,75, being
81,75 for this paper, and 81,00 for a
first class Magazine! Send in your
i names and money and begin at once,
I. Tire Democratic State Central Cora
.rotltee was in session at Columbus on
"Friday. Messrs Pendleton, Morgan,
and. Thurman were present. The
financial management of the campaign
was reviewed, and the Committee ad
journed to meet again on the 22d day
of February next.
Once;more the owlish utterances of
the London Times on American poli-
tics are made to burden the cable, to
"the disgust of the public The mule
at London may suppose the opinions
-'-'of fbtj Times to be oracular, but the
people are indifferent to its wishes or
predictions. It asserts now, that it
deems the re-election of Grant quite
certain. There was a time when an
expression of this sort would have
defeated any candidate for the Presi-
dency, bnt the smiles of the Bricish
aristocracy are now doated on by our
-government!
An Other Departure.
The' wire-workers of New York
and elsewhere are busily engaged in
setting on foot a scheme for the Presi
dential contest oi next year. The
proposition is, that the Democracy
shall not nominate a can didatefor the
Presidency, bat let the sore-headed
'elements of both parties do up that
job, and then quietly take a back
seat, and let the new leaders run the
machine It is urged that thousands
of the strongest men of the. Republi
can party will join the raid, if the
same of Democrat is abandoned, and
the more pleasing name df Reform
Party adopted. It is assumed that
the good old name of Democrat is so
offensive to these new departure men,
that they would faint by the way, if
they had to bear that burthen This'
may be a very pretty scheme, and a
highly flattering one, but we are
of opinion it will not be successful.
If plunder and hate are" the only co
hesive elements of parties, the sooner
such parties are "smashed," the bettar
it will be for the people. We appre
hend they will not he deluded by this
new deal. There is no settled policy
for the new party it has no platform
except to route Grant and his minion3
Do these new tricksters eupposa the
people will endorse without explana
tion, platform or principle, a political
move of that character The Democ
racy have contended for well defined
principles for three-quarters of a cen
tury. Those principles antagonize
everything' advocated by the Eepubli
can leaders, and if these pseudo refor
mers are in earnest let them join the
Democracy in bringing about reform
of a lasting character.
nullities, and yet, umror the fifteenth
amendment, Mr. Stephens could not
Je a constable If every mau in the
Union were to vote for him, and under
the fifteenth amendment every negro
'man is a voter and may be an office
holder, "Ve are in jail right now.
but Mr. Stephens says pur imprison
ment is a nullity V
This reminds ns of a little anecdote
Timothy Free, a very hospitable man
mada a supper. lie iuvited all his
friends to partake of his bou nty. They
agreed to come. Just before the sup
per, they learned that the roasted ox,
the wines and other refreshments were
stolen by the Host! Being dreadful
hungry, they met for consultation,
It was agreed the supper had been
dishonestly and unlawfully obtained.
If they devoured it, would they not
encourage and endorse a theft An
old fox suggested a happy scheme to
obviate the difficulty. He would
adopt a resolution denouncing theft
and thus rid themselves of the moral
responsibility of using stolen goods?
The resolution was adopted and being
extremely hungry, they hastened to
the feast I Were they relieved of the
terpitude of enconragin theft
The new departure men agreed in
denouncing the amendments as a fraud,
and as having been adopted through
force and violence, in opposition to the
wishes of the people and the rights of
the States; yet, being mighty anxious
for office, they were willing to stultify
former oosittonss to get their hands
into the public crib I Uncle Samuel
furnished the feast. Having de
nounced the villainies of the Republi
can leaders, thev felt free to adopt a
new trick to shove their political en
emies into the cold Beautiful!
The Democratic Party.
The "new departurista"
make the "new departure" a
failing
Mora Villainy.
Since Bullock, resigned his position
as Governor of Georgia to escape im -peachmeht
for high crimes and mis
demeanors, his supporters have been
clamorous for the suspension of the
writ of Habeas Corpus and the ap
pointment of a military Satrap over
that State. Bullock is a fugitive and
dares not enter the State. He is ac
cused of having robbed the State of
large snms of money and railroad bonds
and with attempting to inflame local
jealousies between the white and col
ored races that his carpetbag follow
ers might obtain office, and thereby
plunder a down trodden and injured
people. Will the Federal tyrant dare
suspend the Government of Georgia
at the behest of the fugitive criminal
Bu73ock that the iron heel of the mil
itary my be placed upon the neck of
her people f do not doubt il- lf
Grant can for war Lis Presidential
prospects he will n,? hesitate to set np
the charge of disloyah- and send the
military into the State. -hat Bullock
will be punished, very few bt2eve
Grant can prevent it by. interfe1",no
Bullock is a fair sample of the unwasu -ed
scallawags who rushed for the South
t at thecbso of the war, and who have
been kept in office and quartered upon
the Southern people by the military
tyrant of the White House.
'-JTevr Departure.''
The Ohio Statesman saya the fol-
inT artfola. from the Vicksburg Her-
aid, is the best reply it has ever read
to Mr. Alexander II. Stephens' long
and prosy article on the amendments
?A fellow was arrested and lodged
in jail. After spending a night in
prison be concluded to send for a dis
tinguished lawyer. The man ot books
came, and after a fall statement of the
case from his client, smiled sweetly
and said: "Wh3', my dear Mr, there
is no trouble in your case. They ean't
pnt you in jail for that. The law and
the constitution are both against it"
The prisoner responded,' as follows;
-''I don't know anything about the con
"etitntion and laws. You say they can
not put me in jail, but I'm d d if I
ain't in jail right now 1"
'Right there. is the answer to Mr.
(Stephens and the people who will not
fle-wari. They sav that the four-
(eepth and fifteenth amendments are
to
success,
i i
are now endeavoring to aisorganize
the Democratic party, and destroying
its strength by other propositions
which will prove as disastrous as the
slink movement. There is an element
of slack wad Democracy who seem de
termined, at all hazards, to destroy the
party and to sacrifice all principles in
their greed for office. They are catch
insr at straws on every hand with the
hope, vain and puerile as it is, of ri
ding into office at the sacrifice even of
public liberty. Hence all sorts of
expediences are resorted to. These
demonstrations are put forward main
ly by politicians whose sole object
seems to be to get office rd power in
any way they may without regard to
the Dublic weal. And now comes the
proposition, following in the wake of
the "new departure to the effect
that the Democratic party shall go
over, "horse, foot and dragoons," to a
few disaffected Republicans, and nom
inate one of their number for President.
To accomplish thislatter feat, it is
nronosed that concessions of principle
shall be made to meet the disaffected
Republicans on half-way gound, and
make no further opposition to what
thev consider "dead issues," and tlius
unite all opposition to Grant's re
election. Now, when the Democratic
party determines to compromise prin
ciple for the sate ot the public plun
der, it is no longer Democratic when
it condones with the nsurpative, not
sav criminal, legislations of the Re
publican party, its missions as the
party of republican government is
ended when it ceases to be distinctly
a party for the preservation of popu
lar liberty, it Decomes a aisiniegraiea
mass of political elements incapable of
public good.
The true pohev ot the Democratic
party is to remain solid and firm to
principle. There is a great contest to
be fought between civil liberty upon
the one hand, and centralism upon the
other. The fight 13 to be an intellect
ual one, requiring brains, statesman
ship and firmness and integrity to win
it in favor of tlie liberties ot tne peo
ple. We need giant minds and Ro
man firmness for our leaders as we go
to the front to meet the enemies of
free and equal government. We
need leaders capable of rising above
all selfish or personal motives men
whose sole aim is to preserve and per
petuate the government of our fathers.
This is no time for truckling subser
viency to any policy ot expediency.
Our liberties are threatened by the
hydra-headed monster of Centralism,
and there is no party that presents to
the country the elements of souud re
publican government save a pure and
undehled .Democracy.
Ave may organize a new party, but
no suuh organization can be effected
except by a compromise of principle.
Any new party can only be formed
by an advance step towards centralism;
and the only object in view by those
who wish new party combinations, is
that the popular sentiment may be de
coyed in that direction. Let the De
mocracy be wary and watchful lor
we have traitors in our ranks Who
would sell the country for mere tem
porary power, unable to give U3 any
nromise ot the future. Let firmness
in tne right be our motive, and ad
hesion to principle our safeguard.
'ZU Grange, (Georgia) Reporter.
The trial of the Communists who
were engaged in the destruction of
the residence of Thiers has terminated.
They have all been convicted, and
sentenced to imprisonment for terms
ranging from two to twenty years.
M. Gambetta made his expected
speech at St. Quentin last night. His
tone was moderate, and the speech has
had an excellent effect on public opin
ion He assured his hearers that no
danger at present menaced the exist
ence ot the liepnblic, but relorms
were necessary to confirm it, and the
people should see that legislation to
that end be not kept back too long ia
the National Assembly. He said that
citizens should take more interest in
political afairs, and make their influ
ence felt in the government of the
country. To give their power its le
gitimate cfiect, he advocated the tor
mation of a .National Republican par
ty, and set forth in detail a plan of
reformation, based in many respects
upon the American system.
rangements for his presentation to the
President to-morrow, which willprob
ably take place "at noon. About Iialf
past eight o'clock a number of the
foreign Ministers called to pay their
respects to the Grand Dnke.
It is not expected that Alexis will
return. Friends of Catacazy say there
was a noticeable difference between the
reception accorded Alexis and that
given to Prince Arthur, .which will be
unfavorably received in Russia.
EN G-Xj JLHsTID.
LoxreN, Nov. 23. An official bul
letin is issued this evening regarding
the condition of the Prince of Wales,
It' is signed by the attending physi
cians, who state that the Prince is suf
fering from an attack ot typhoid fever,
but the symptoms are not alarming.
I he standards report of the sus
pension of negotiations between Eng
land and France, for the modification
of the commercial treaty, is fully con
firmed.
John Gribble, secretary of the To
tal Abstinence Society of Brixham,
publicly accuses the Queen of intoxi
cation. The charge causes a great
uproar, and the local authorities have
already commenced legal proceedings
against the man who made it.
A larcre Radical meeting, which was
attended by four thousand people, was
held in Bristol last evening. Sir
Charles W: Dicke addressed the as
semblage. I here was much uproar
and fighting during the progress of the
meeting, and the band was prevented
from playing the national anthem,
"God save the Queen.
The report comes from Liverpool
this morning or a terrible disaster in
the Mersey. Two ships ran into each
other with such violence that both
sank almost instantly. As far as is at
present known, all hands are lost--
The names of the vessels have not
yet been ascertained.
Bueliw, Nov. f 3. In the German
Parliament, to-day, bill was intro
duced and advocated by the Bavarian
minister providing for the criminal
prosecution of clergymen w h abuse
the privileges of their offices This
bill is understood to be the first C.f a
series against me eiicruncuuiuuis ui
the ctureh upon the liberties of the
bBelgian Chamber of Represen
tatives, to-day, atfer further animated
discussion, finally and by a decisive
majority voted to support the govern
ment in its appointment of Pe Greker
as Governor of Limburg. An enor
mous crowd again gathered around
the Chamber, and uproariously mani
fested opposition to the appointment,
but the presence of a police force pre
vented a breach of the peace during
the day. After nightfall, however,
there were serious disturbance, which
continued all the evening. Crowds
intaded the ministry of public works,
but were repelled by the police. Sev
eral persons were injured in the melee.
At midnight all was quiet,, 1
3ntew-yoe,e:
New Yobk, Nov. 23 The Tribune
to-day announces that an express
wagon loaded with trunks and other
baggage left Tweed's House on Fifth
avenue last Ihorsday, and that a
Deputy United States Marshal who
followed the clue reported yesterday
that passages were engaged in the
steamer Cily of Brussels for five of
Tweed's familv, and that one extra
berth had been engaged which it was
stated might not b3 used. The pas
senger list at the Inman office gives
no corroborative evidence, but it is
possible passages may have been se
cured in some other form than for a
family of five or six, to mislead sus
picious inquirers. The officer thinks
the removal of the baggage 3 explain
ed by the fact that Tweed wished to
send away bis valuables in advance,
and then follow, them. Tweed has not
made the house his residence since
the exposure of the riDg frauds. A
prominent politician, popularity sup
posed to be owned by Tweed, said
yesterday that in forty eight hours
events would occur which would star
tle New York. It is probable that he
knows roorv of X weeds intentions
than he chocses to confide to others.
A Wife Roasted Alive.
The Persian Famine
WASHIUG-TOIT.
Washington, Nov. 23, '71. The
Comptroller of the currency ha3 de
dared a dividend of twenty per cent,
in favor of the creditors of the First
National Bank ot New Orleans, pay
able as soon as the necessary schedules
can be prepared by the receiver. The
United States claim has precedence
for the balance remaining unpaid up
on the check of Thomas L. May,
amounting to $111,748, which was
given by him as collateral security for
the payment ot his indebtedness at the
time a large defalcation was discover
ed in the office of the assistant treas
urer at New Orleans- The Govern
ment. also claims precedence in addi
tion for $13,400 on deposit in the
bank to the credit of its officers. The
above amount had been received
from the amount collected by the re
ceiver before the declaration of the
present dividend. If it shall hereaf
ter be decided by the Courts that the
whole amount of the check of Mayo
is counterbalanced by his indebtedness
to the bank, as claimed by the receiv
er this amount, together with what
may hereafter be collected, will there
be distributed in the final dividend.
The question of the right of the gov
ernment to precedence in payment 01
deposits of its officers in National
Banks will probably go to the Su
preme Court for final decision.
tienerM Viall, Superintendent 01 the
Indian affairs for Montana, reports
that the band of from seventy-five to
one hundred half breeds from British
America have established winter quar
ters in the vicinity of Milk river
agency, with a view of supplying the
Indians with liquor, destroy their huts,
carry away whatever is valuable, and
drive them from the country.
lhe official report to the Navy De
partment from Rear Admiral Sands,
Superintendent of the Naval Observa
tory in this city, says that on the even
ing of the 18 th instant Professors
Harkness and Hale, attached to the
observatory, succeoded in discovering
the spectrum" of Eaeke's comet. Pro
fessor Harkness thinks the comet con
sists simply of a cluk of gl wiug gas.
Jt rominent Democrats write here
denouncing the new party movement.
Washixoton, November Z'l. lhe
rand Duke arrived on a special train
at ?:?0. The depot was thronged with
a large ci'owd anxious to see Alexis.
The Prince and suite being in citizens'
dress, they were net recognized till
they reached the front 0 the'building
and then but by a few. Mr. Cataca
zv's carriage was in waiting, and in it
the Duke, Catacazy, Admiral Possieti
and the principal secretary took seats,
and went to the house of Catacazy.
The rest of the suite proceeded to the
Arlington. The Duke is the only one
of the party entertained by the Rus
sian Minister. Soon after the Duke
bad driven to Minister Catacazy'a res
idence the latter called on Secretary
Fish at the Arlington to officially in
form him of the arrival of the Grand
Duke, and to makJ preliminary ar-
IJostox, November 28. One o
the most brutal and inhuman trage
dies which ever horrified any cominu
nity was enacted iu Lynn, last night
and is to-day the leading topic of con
versation in that city. The actors
were a man named John G. Clinton,
about forty -three years of age, a bar
ber by trade, and his wile, who was
made the victim of treatment that
could only be expected of a fiend, she
having been shockingly beaten and
then literally roasted alive.
The scene of the affair was on How
ard street, in one of the small wooden
houses which are set back from the
street, and accessible by means of nar
row alley ways from the street. The
parties lived in the rear of No. 33,
the family consisting of Clinton, his
wife and four boys, ranging in age
from three to seventeen years. About
half past 8 o'clock last evening, two
women, named Margaret isrown and
Charlotte Moody, who lived almost
directly in front of Clinton's house,
had their attention called to the latter
by the sound of heavy blows, scream
ing and groaning which proceeded
from it. As the sounds increased the
two women went out and listened be
neath the windows, but- the sounds
suddenly ceased and all was quiet.
I hey then returned to their houses,
but in about fifteen minutes were again
disturbed by the same noises, which
thev again sought to trace cut as be
fore, but the sounds Ceased a3 they
had previously done.
Alter this everything remained quiet
until about ten minutes past nine
o'clock, when the same woman dis
covered that the house was on fire in
side. An alarm was at once raised,
and three men, named David Lee.
Frelinghusen Moody, and Fred. Wal
ton rushed into the house with buck
ets. .On entering they fouud that
there were on the table iu the front
room, also in an entry way which led.
up stairs, and a pile 111 the middle o
the floor, consisting of what appeared
to be a bundle of clothing, was also
b trning. On examining the latter it
was found to be the body of Mrs.
Clinton, horribly bruised, and burned
in the most sickening manner. The
clothing was almost entirely burned
Jrom the body, which was scoiched
and roasted. The flames were put
out with some difficulty. One report
is that while the men were endeavor-
ng to extinguish the fire, the poor
victim threw up one of her arms and
breathed perceptibly, but another, and
probably the correct story, is that life
lad left the body when it, was discover
ed.
About three feet from the head of
the victim lay the fragments of a ker
osene lamp, which had been borrowed
from a neighbor on thnt night, and
traces of the oil were also sen 011 dif
ferent parts of 'he floor. City Mar
shal Barrett and two oillccrs went at
once to the place. Clinton was stand
ing over the body of his wife, doing
nothing, but apiearing considerably
affected. He was arrested, taken to
the station house and locked up, Cne
of the sons, named Frank, a lad oi
ten years of age, who was the first to
enter the house, says that he had been
attending an evening school that night,
and bad returned home just as the hre
was discovered. He went into the
house and saw hh mother burning on
the floor. Recollecting that his little
brother wa3 probably upstairs in bed
he rushed up -and found his lather
coming down. He found his brother
took him down stairs and into a neigh
boring house. As soon as the flames
had been extinguished, Coroaer J. G.
Pink ham was called in, and he ordered
the body of the woman to be carried
to the police station, which was im
diately done.
lhe Coroner then summoned a jury
who viewed the body and then ad
journed.
lhe corpse presented a sickening
sight. There were marks of violence
on the bead, consisting of two or three
cats, looking as though they had been
made with some dull instrument. On
the breast were also wounds which ap
peared to have leen eamed by soine
thing besides the flames. The features
were rendered unrecognizable, and the
hair was burned close to the head, leav
ing the skull bare and horribly crisped
and black, the tlesh dropping from
the hands, arms and body, rendering
it a sight which could not be beheld
without a shudder at the awful atroci
ty of the crime and the blackness of
the soul that could execute it.
The husband and prisoner has said
very little, but told a brief story. It
is, that he was in bed up stairs about
nine o clock, all being quiet, when his
little boy came rushing up and told
him that the house was on fire. "He
went down and found his wife lyin
on the floor in the condition in which
she was found by the three men.
The belief that the man is guilty is
almost universal. UneUieoryot the
affair is that he had some difficulty
with his wife, during .which he threw
the kerosene lamp at her, striking
her on the breast and inflicting the
wounds referred to that the oil scat
tered over her clothing n"ud the flames
were inhaled by the victim.
Other people firmly believe that the
monster killed her by blows, and then
actually set fire to the body, leaving
it to burn. His previous character
has been rather bad. He ha3 been
known in Lynn for npwards of twen
ty years, though. not constantly a res
ident, and during I hat time for the
past two or three years he has car
ried on the business of a barber at the
Railroad House on Market street, and
has been known a3 a man much given
to drinking and of an exceedingly bad
temper. There has frequently been
trouble between him and his wife,
partly caused by the fact that the lat
ter was possesseu 01 some property
which could not have the control
of. The officers have been frequently
called into his house to quell distur
bances, and Clinton ha? been before
the Police Court on one or two occa
sions lately. Coroner Pinkham is to
make a full investigation of the affair.
Ths "great fellowship of humanity"
is one 01 inose pnrases which, at least
from the time' of Terluce till now, has
been on the tongue of everybody.
And yet we are by no means Bure that
it has but a limited insignificance.
Christian fellowship is perfectly intel
ngiDie. w nen Ireland starves or
Chicago bums, or any other calamity
occurs within the pale, sympathy,
showing itself in noble fruits, is active
enough. Nay, as we have recently
seen, abstract woes and mislortunes
sometimes stir the ready Christian
heart, for did not, the other day, learn
ed and pious men cross the Atlantic
and go to St- Petersburg, or some
point in that neighborhood, to inter
cede for the Livonians and Baltic Pro
testants, who are denied certain relig
ious privileges, though otherwise com
fortable enough. 1 hat their mission
wnony tailed, and that they were
snubbed by Prince Gortschakoff, does
not detract from the merit of their
emotions. Conceding all this, how
few are they who, boasting that amcng
men, such as we are, nothing that
concerns humanity is foreign, know
of the misery which, at this moment,
is resting on a distant part of the
world's surface, beyond the Christian
circle? That great tract of classic
land, extending from the mouth of the
Indu3 to the limits of Arabia, and up
to the mysterious ridge which Ararat
dominates, where were Pcrsipolis and
bileucia, whence the millions of jLer
xes marched, and which Alexander
conquered, and Arlaxerxes restored,
and for which Sapor struggled to save
the home of Zeroaster and the Magi
is at this moment desolated by a
famine, the like of which the modern
world has never known. There have
been famines before in Northern In
dia, and in other regions which, de
nuded of trees that shelter springs,
depend wholly on artificial irrigation,
but nace, in unite of all statements to
the contrary, like this. It is a famine
of forage as well as of cereals a fam
ine which strikes down the beast of
burthen so that distant supplies are
unavailable. "Words," says a recent
writer, familiar with the subject and
the country, "will not suffice to de
scribe the extent of a calamity which,
if" it last another year and the time
has passed for raiu must blot Persia
out of the nations." Sir Henry Raw
linson, measuring his words with the
precision with which trained scholars
always speak, says "Persia is a doom
ed country Jiven the Jiedouin tribes
of the South, whose migrating habits,
one would think, might enable them
to flee the wrath which has come, are
powerless to save themselves. The
writer, from whom we have qnoied, J
says
'lhe clans cannot march to more
fertile pastures, for the drought has
desolated the whole pastoral country,
and if they wander beyond it they
will be treated like enemies, even it
there exist means to feed them beyond
the frontier. Their means of locomo
tion that is, of traveling hundreds of
miles through dried up plains must
nave U'lfca tlicm, and tne ouiy course
will be to practice the resignation,
which in extreme moments never fails
a Mahometan, to live on loss than will
keep them alive, and await calmly
either relief or death."
And then, as if to make the picture,
mtlre ghastly still, the writer adds
'Help, if it comes ft p.IIj must come
wilho"?, and that help, humanely
speaking, nearly impossible.'' There
are no roads, no rivers, no means of
transporting caravans of food, and un
like India, under provident Christian
arrival of his confederates, when be
took the lock, off the door leading- to
the staircase. .They then proceeded
up stairs to Brysons printing office.
on the second story, and got upon tbe
roof the store; here tbey broke the
heavy glass of the sky light and gain
ed an entrance to the jewelry store by
means of a rope, which tbey took from
the hatchway in the front entry. U p-
on getting Jinto the store they sledged
the hinges off the safe, and secured
fine watches and jewelry to the value
of $20,000, most of which had just
been purchased. The thieves took
onlVffine goods, and nothing which
had the name of the firm-npon it.
On the floor of the store frere found
a lot of burglars' instruments, consist
ing of jimmies, sledges, chisels, and
bits, and clotlu to deaden the sound of
blows
The safe stood in the back end of
the store, and it is the custom to leave
the light burn there all night, and it
was found burning yesterday morning
as usual. The safe stood in such a
position as to be in view of passers
along the street, and the burglars ex
hibited much boldness in operating in
a place where they were liable to de
tection, particularly as private watch
men are engaged in the neighborhood.
Philadelphia Ledger Niv. 20.
TWENTY-ONE MILLIONS IN GOLD.
Subscribe for your home paper.
goverment, no reservea supplies. "M
Persian encampment, says another
traveler in that land, "with its hordes
dead must be like an encampment in
a ruined planet, isolated from the help
of all sentient beings. in one city
of Persia, out of twelve thousand in
habitants, but two survive.
The only possible hone, and this a
faint one, is from conterminous Brit
ish India, and how poor reliance that
is manifest from an extract from
leading London Journal by no means
unfriendly to the Gladstone govern
ment, least of all to the Secretary for
India:
It is the duty to save the Persian
Bedouins, it is on the Duke of Argj-le
and the Uounc.l ot India, and not on
the Londoners, that the moral re
sponsibility must rest They can do
the work if they choose, and nobody
else can. If the Duke pleases to or
der the effort and the Council to sane
tion the expenditure, they can throw
limitless stores of foot and sdfUciciit
commissariat ofheers and -carts into
Bushire to save the lives of all the
Bedouins in the South who can move
at all can rescue fifty or five hundred
times the number of persons who can
be saved by any other organization
That, as we say, they can do it is cer
tain but the attempt involves a se
rious effort, and. after much thinking,
we cannot be certain as to the moral
obligation. The Indian Government
cannot take upon itself the woes of all
Asia.
Grateful as we may be, among our
minor miseries of misgovern ment, that
distance rcleaves us from the necessi
ty, or even the possibility of stretch
ing a hand of relief to these poor Pa
gans, we cannot but hope that the
great English speaking -or English
governed principality of the East, in
spite of all these auguries, will be able
i I 1 1
to uo someuiiug. aou munu. adu
who is there to say whether, in the
providence of God, it may not be that
this desolation and this intervention
will be the means of opening the great
railway intercommunication by the
valley of the Euphrates, which time
out of mind has been the great desid
eratum of English and Turkish engin
eering? We have lived to see the
Mediteranean poured into the Red bea,
and;a railway completed through the
mountains 01 Caucasus, may, wiin no
very great span of life, read of a Nin
eveh Station on -the banks of the Ti
gris, and a depot in the Garden of
Eden. Wahinyton Patriot.
A $20,000 Bobbery.
Some time after 12 o'clock on Sat
urday night the Watch and Jewelry
establishment of J. S. Frank, No.
4 North Sixth street, was entered by
burglars and robbed of about $20,000
worth of goods. The robbery was
evidently tbe work of professionals,
and it seems was have accomplished in
following manner. Before the place
was shut up tn the evening, one of the
thieves gained an entrance and con
cealed himself in the coalbin ia the
cellar. Hera ho remained until the
Mr. Editor.
When we changed our business some
two years ago, from Furniture to Gen
eral Insurance Agency, we fully deter
mined at all times to be able to sell
the people in the various departments
of Insurance only first class Policies
yet, in our Fire Department the late
great fires at Chicago and Minestee,
demonstrated the fact that many of
the Companies with a light capital
were bankrupted, and those who held
policies in them were the losers.
Therefore, we have now perfected ar
rangements with the London, Liver
pool and Globe lusurance Company,
with a Capital of $21,000,000, for the
district over which we work for the
old St. Louis Mutual Life Insurance
Company with head-quarters at Ash
land Ohio, and solicit of all who want
an insurance policy that the burning
of one city cannot destroy its worth or
indemnity to them in the event of fire.
Her rates are regular and as equitable
as is safe for the risks taken. To all
those preferring "Home Institutions
however, we say we represent the
Home of Columbus, with a capital ol
8500,000. The Amazon of Cinciuna
ti, with a capital $500,000. The Sun
of Cleveland, with a capital of 200,-
000, and the Commerce of Albany
with a capital of S4UU.U0U. In our
Life department, we represent the St
Louis Mutual Life Insurance Compa
ny with a capital ofSG00,000id assets
and in which we have over four, hun
dred members in our district. This
comrany has all the advantages of
insurance. Its managers are men of
known character and integrity- its r:s'.i
are well scrutinized by experienced
Medical examiners its investments
are of undoubted security, and in 1S70
realized the highest rate of interest ever
obtained by any Life Insurance. Its
policies are all non-forfeiting undo
ths Missouri law. In our Health de
partment we represent the Cincinnati
Mutual Health and Accidentlnsurance
Company with a capital of $300,000.
Thi3 company has distributed in thi;
community claims to the amount of
hundreds of dollars. In our accident
deparetmnt we represent the Hartford
Accident Insurance Company with
capital of $1,800 ,000, all of which are
first cla33 companies with all the ad
vantages there are in insurance in their
respective departments, and as our
work calls us from our office most of
tlie time, we have arranged with Dr.
J. is. X. tanpselto look atter our
interest when absent
II M. Hickdk.
Ashland, O., Nov. 28, '71.
NOTICE.
Notice ia hereby given to the Treas
urers of the Several Townships that
the Bounty Funds due said Town
ships has been transferred and placed
to their credit, and is now ready for
them, as follows:
Orange, $156,56
Mohecan, 411,89
Perry, 126,36
Jackson, 100,00
Mifflin, 45,06
Rugg'.es, i 96,53
Troy 23.52
-E. FINGER, Auditors
Nov. 22, 1871-2w. s
FOUTZ
CELEBRATED
'S
Horse anfl Cattle Powflsrs.
This preparation, Ions and foTorabl jr
known, will thoroughly re-invigormte
broken down and low-spirited horses,
by strengthening and cleansing the
Etomaeh and intestines.
It is a sure prerentire of all diseases
Incident to this animal, such as' LIT vu
I 1' 1 ITtjnH LfbCkO, X 1. 1.1..-' IT
WATER, HEAVES, COUGHS, DIS
TEMPER, FEVERS, FOffXPER,
LOSS OP APPETITE AND VITAL
ENERGY, &c Its nse improves
the wind, increases the appetite
gires asmooth and glossy skin and
transforms tbe miserable skeleton'
Into a fine-looking and spirited horse.
To keepers of Cows this prepara
tion is invaluable. It is a sure pre
ventive against Rinderpest, Hollow
Horn, etc. It has been proven by
actual experiment to increase the
quantity of milk and cream twenty
per cent, and make the butter firm
and sweet. In fetti.ninir rattl tt
gives them an appetite, loosens their hide, and makes
them thrive much faster.
5 0 k
w1
In lt disease of Swine, ach u Coughs, tftcen lit
WIUIWB, ailTV,(VU, IU IS KniCICBCIS
as a specific. By putting from one-
half m paper to a. paper in a barrel of
win uic awnrcuisciisea win it? eraai
eated or entirely prevented! If given
in time, a certain preventive and
cure (or the Hog Cholera.
MUD Es F0ITTZ, Proprietor.
BALTIMORE, Jfd.
Fnr sate hv Prutrjriats and Storekeepers thmncyhnnt
the United States, Canadas and South America.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
nl.
JLi
1 ill
.1 -;ii
A TTr .9 rr. J
Krai.
tiiS'ir'-r--"--?"-.; '-i--.i t i,V
1. V'itvi'jiW i .iii':i.a
i-3-.it n'?ci!ar
Tan k
pmjjli:vi..i I"
tliis iiiuflmti
rnftcjiim-a. tn
Its !tiiM-rM.r ty s r-al'i
M:rcllt,, m.ti ''ifc.-Viiliiit-lii'-'
Klt't -tr Miuui-ii I
i is ilr.::i;.-l;:'..-.'l'
101 ..ivi-i-.i-:r
pav I lit' larw!r
r the niotho.-
!r.m til- -t'Tt.' i
It i n-j.'!-,-.!
svnil 1 tili:; t-.
Parts m iJ itsesl IVItlt. Tt I:.
Bi-aler; no ri-l.r; ni- v-:."?i (irnti- i.-i:.-i
no ltH-Mk-; "in! nj'h -i'".-.' half m.jhv iic-
iicnr V'li-N. li'-xii. Joii'ir.'s. Slsif:. I'tl:i-.i.x
to., t -Ti;." '-wili'l. wt-nr "Mt. vv:iw rjiu
add to diult nr lu be At," n tsi-Alt m other k:uil
Hence Results its comparative lie
of ltnitt. e 'Intnl. K- 'ir Mtnajtu
Iuiat.iity. ol 1T iltvin.-.l !v 'i; t.iiyi.
of tlie ilii,.'rt!Uit fs-titn-e- ,il it, wi.iil't Ktrs it
prtiaiini-ure. But It ;.-k-u-1 esctl- iu all of l-..
Tills Is tle Itlnv!il:ia which hv.
cre;uil such a tH?ii";it...n il: tU:n-..); mav-. 10
circlt ditrilijf H, fmst Inn yeHn. .ir
have ra.n t le tl.re- he r :ve it a it.-,-.,!.-,!
ft.re'11-e n ai:iit ni' it- LtH:n vJtiff iit.-il: fc
Ttrrf'irrmru nrt uivii.ir ;n il ii!'e-.:iii:;c- b- ta
as they ctn lln-:i it ii.. i-Li.. u-t ti. t...
thin talk'Hf? I!:. riPi:l -.ill :i;i- --i.J
them, .-illy ti-." tl..-t wi.ii i-
anil Ag'ntlt ;,ir tfie.iili I it( intv,- u:: .tn -i I,.
foreltnii: tin- r j-:a't-.-l- u::i! in.r I a. il.
Vaitl eililevnr In tn, ti:. filn ti.it-nr 'iiv.-r'
StraWiihil' tit fl' Mnnii if sitrl, l;i it .J. K- n:J
Utif iwpnicttl TAi-cxiti-r aiusl nr.t-.l. S'.t:.r.
Circulars Mullrtt t-ree." Oil .ii
Inn g-riir.1 a ltilt ii.--ri.lit'ti i t!ii ,m lii-wi
Tl,ivl:r, .p:ir t"i at.i! Cmmier. ril il:- lii.
1 A lil.TM A Jfe Tl.t.H .':-TI.I'' lVl "Ifc-WN"
Kirflu ami Ti-n-llisK "Pi-weks. tnTirr with
aiuny illi;iti-uii.ii- "f ilcvir" it-- h.r tlireMMi.g
grniii in aiH.-ieut :tu-i In- Ji'U tiuivs, will bt Mi:wlul
I'RKK to ail w:i.. m:1 ;n their ujns aai pent
At 'il n
Jacob "Weisenstine et.
vs.
Jacob Krnnim et. al.
State of Ohio, Ashland County, ss.
By virtue of a certain order of sale,
issueel from the Court of Common
Pleas of Ashland Coonty, and to mc
directed, I will offi-r for sale at public
auction, at the South door of the
Court House, in Ashland, in said
County, on
Saturday, December 2,' A. Z. 1871,
at 1 oclock P. 31. of said day, the
followinc real estate, situate in the
County of Ashland and State of Obio,
to-w't A part ol the north west
quarter ot section 18, township 22,
range 10, commencing at a post in
the center of the public highway in
line with the north side of. biff barn
thence south 27 west. 12 rods to a
post in the road, thence south 67-
west 19 rods and 10 links to a post
in the road on the north line of An
drew's estate, thence north 72J de.
grees west 4 rods and 10 links on said
line cf Andrew's land, thence north
20 degrees east 26 rods and 20 links
to a post on the north line of the lot.
thence south 67 deg. east 20 rods and
18 liuks to a place of beginning, con
taining 2i acres of land, being 24 acres
off the east end of a certain tract of
land deeded ly Orlow Smith and
Flora Smith, to Slocum and Jones
exclusive of J of an acre deeded by
said Slocum Jones to Manindale.
Appraised at $3,000. Terms, cash on
day of stile.
WM. O. PORTER,
Sheriff Ashland Ct.
T. J. Kinnv, Att'y.
Nov. 1, 1871-5wl7
SHERIFF'S SALK.
E OFFER AT OUR SALE
Rooms. -West- of tbe Court
Jdou8d,-t the Shops formerly
oraupied byjTraver &Qg&eiijihb larf
est and finest assortriient Ot
DOUBLE CARRIAGES, TOi
AND OPEN BUGGIES,
SPRING WAGONS,
&C; 1
Ever offered in this market... All our
work is arranted to.be just as rep
resented. We invite' all in want of
anything in our line to call and exam
ine our stock.' i
We expect by fair and honor
able dealing to merit yoiif '.patronage.
EM
Pertaining to &hy part of the Carriage
business will be done torornptly arid at
reasonable rates. Hoping you wOl
give us a caHV" wo remain most Re
spectfully.
OGDEN RISCHEL,
Proprietors;
October 18, 1871-nol5tf.-
Elias J. Grossciip
Peter M. .Willis, et al.
State of Ohio, Ashland County, s?..
By virtue of a certain order of sale,
issued from the Court of Common
Pleas of Ashland County, and to nie
directed, I will offer for sale at public
auction, at the south door ot the Court
House in Ashland, in said County,
on
Saturday, Deeemler 9, A. D. 1871,
at 1 o'clock P. M. of said day, the
fallowing real estate, situate in the
Counlv of Ashland and Stole of Ohio,
beiojr part of the north half of the
norfh west quarter of section 13, town
shiD 22, rantre 16, commencing at a
stone one rod north of the half quar
ter line and one rod north of the south
east corner ot lands deeded to Geer-
hart Lepper by Jacob Mykrantz and
wife thence south 35 and 29-1C0
ro'dS to a stake on the east boundary
line of said L?ppor's land thence
est 46 rods to a stake; thence south
30 4-10 rods to the Charles Mill road;
thence along said road 11 rods to in
tersect a line dn-.wn parallel with said
half quarter line one rod north
thence west on said parallel line 35J
rods to the place of beginning," con
taining ten acres of land. A pprajsed
at 9 lerm8 ot sale, cash.
WM. O. PORTER, Sheriff
G.B.&3. W. Smith, Att'ys.
November 8, 5wl8-
EVERYONE THAT IS IN NEED OF A
Good Wagon
A SUBSTANTIAL
EjPBESS WAG,
.V
Or a stout tog Wagon-ihd even, a light
vmmi BARiiow,
r

vill find them at the
FARMERS' ACCOMSidDAt'iOif
DU.KJI,
In Ashland, av the Bridge on the Mansfield
raL
BcDu All work made- of No. 1 material.
Him .jy c-AiTcrieiiutsu wurKmfjrif w arrant it
give mil
1
i-.
Repairing of all kinds done on short
r.oticp and painting aud tiirnniing"
done in good style. t-
And anRnrpnssed for iurabilitjr4
X good stdtik of One and Two Horse
WAGONS ND BUGGIES
on hand, and sold a low ns vprt win hirr
the :ime quality of work anywhere in tliii
sec:!on of the country.
May 10, lS71-no44lf.
C. KEEISIIEK.
If you desire to avoid fire, death,
and destruction of property, buy
Foltz' 60 cent Oil there is nothing
in tbe market equal to it for safety,
economy or brilliancy of light. He
sella the common lamp oil, also.
ROAD NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that a peti
tion will be presented to the Board of
Commissioners of Ashland County,
Ohio, at their December session, A
D. 1871, praying for the alteration of
a County road, on the JoJlowmg fine,
to-wit: Commencing at a point east
of Crouse's School House on the line
cf-Orange and Monlsromery town
ships, where the road now diverges to
the right running to the residence- of
Peter Thomas, jr., from this initial
point to run east on the township line
between Orange and Montgomery
townships between the land ol David
Hall and John Creveling in Orange
township, and David Hall and Peter
Thomas, Jr., in Montgomery town-
snip until it intersects tne roa'i now
running north east south west through
the land of John Creveling "and Peter
Thomas, jr., Also tc alter the road run
ning south west through the lands of
Peter Thomas jr. to begin at the i sec
tion on the line of Orange and Mont
gomery townships, tftence rur.i.ing
south between the lands of Peter
Thomas, jr., and David Hall, E. F.
Good and Jonathan Doty on the west
in section 3. township twenty -two (22)
and range sixteen (16) until it unites
with the road running south between
the lands of Peter Thomas, jr. and
Jonathan Doty. Said road running
south to be established entirely on the
lands of Peter Thomas, jr.
PETER THOMAS, Jr.,
Principal Petitioner.
Nov. 1, I87l- 4wl7
.SHERIFF'S SALE. ".-J.!
E. Pontius
vs.
Peter 31. Willis, etal. J,
State of Ohio, Ashland County, esi
Pursuant to an order of sale, issdeel
irom the Court of Common' Pleas ot
Ashland Count)-, Ohio, and to me di--rec.cd,
f-will offer for sale, at publie
auction, at the -south door of the
Court llousc, in Ashland, in said
county, on
Saturday, December 23, A. D, 1871, v
at 2 o'clock P. M. on said day, the
following real estate,' situate in the
county ot Ashland and State of Ohio
to-wit: Being part of the north -west
quarter of section number 18,;town
ship twenty-two of Range sixteen,
bounded and described as follows
Commencing at a stone at tbe south
east corner of land owned by Matthew
Clugston on a lane between- said land
and land owned by Page Curtis;
thence south along said lane 21 rods
and 24 links to a stake thence west
46 rods to a stake thence north 22
rods to a stone thence east along the
line of said land owned by Matthew
Clugston 46 rods to the place of be
ginning, containing six and one-half
acres of land. Appraised at
Terms cash on day of sale.
WM. O. PORTER
Sheriff Ashland Co.
Nov. 22, 1871-5w20
NOT ICE
Notice is hereby given that a peti
tion will be presented to the Com mis
sioners of Ashland County, Ohio, at
their regular session in December,
1871, praying for a change in width
in the following road, to wit
Beginning at a stake in the center
of the llayesville and Jeromeville-
road near the house of J. Yocum,' in
southwest quarter of section eight'
(8) township Twenty one, 21 range fif
teen (15), thenee Eouth.71 degrees-
east 5,90 chains to creek: thenee1'
south 69 degrees east 10,30 chains to
a stake ou half quarter line thence
south on half quarter line 1)0,80 chains
f a. stake near l ococks pprmr;
thence south 47 degrees west 23,50
chains to a section line at corner of J.
Brubaker's lot thence south on sec
tion line 147,00 chains to a stake in
the Mohecan ville road.
-The petitioners will pray that the
above described road may be changed
from its established width to thirtr
(30) feet in width. 4
.MANY PETITIONERS'.
Nov. 1, 1871-417