few Orleans frpubUtait.
^TlcTALToirBNMr^ F^THE^ NTTEP^TirTES
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF NEW ORLEANS
THE DAILY LEPl BLIt AM
Mat be had of the following dealers:
George Ellis, opposite the Postoffice.
A. Simon, No. 94 Exchange Alley.
C C. Haley, No. 19 Commercial Place.
C G. D. Holle, No. 61 Exchange Place.
James Ennis, Pontcliartraia Railroad
Depot. Third District; also, at Depot foot
of Lafayette Street, First District.
j. YV. Long, comer of Love and Enghien
Streets. Third District.
Crescent City News Depot, No. t!53 Canal
gtreet. comer of Howard.
AIXTIOM SALKS THIS DAY.
Hi A M. A. B. J. MONTGOMERY a- II o'clock,
a O'.il Auction Mart. No. ST c'su.p street, a
g-ceral assortment of new and aecond-l.and
fi.rnlture, piano*, etc. Also, mahogany and
walnut bedroom and parlor fnrnture, carpets,
otr.—Succession of Elward W. Pierce. At 12
o lack, at the St. Charles Auction E-;change
lot of ground and buildings ou the comer of
M agizrae and Iielord streets—Succession of
Mary Levy. wife of John Connors.
BY A. KL'STON, at 11 o'clock, at corner of
Grafter and Baronns streets, saddle and har
ness horse9 and mares, mules, new and second
hand top and open buggies and wagons.
BY SHERIFF 8A0VINET. at li o'clock, at the
Merchants and Auctioneers' Exchange, one n
dielded fourth par: of a lot of ground and
buildings on Burgundy street—George Ingra
l.in: vs. James Hugh. Lot of ground ou Bayou
road, and sixteen shares Citizens' Bank; lot of
ground and buildings on Bayou road and Gal
vez street—Louis Jlatlre rs. succession of Ar
chibald Boston.
BY C. E. GIBARIlEY it CO., at 12 o clock, at
Merchants and Auctioneers' Exchange, lot of
ground gpd buildings ou Mc-lponreue street; iot
of ground and hui'.d'.ugs on Vrilere sTcet—Suc
cession of Auguste Cuuy.
BY NA.-H A HODGSON, at 12 o'clock, at St. Charles
Auction Exchange, three lots of ground and
t j-story residence, corner of St. Charles and
Bordeaux streets; lot of ground and residence.
Nos. 247 and 2471, Gravier street.
Local Intelligence.
A Mooted Question. —Can justices of
the peace take action in criminal cases?
This question ntisht as well be definitely
settled at once, to prevent further comp'.i,
cations. Three civil tribunals lave passed
lodgment in the premises—Judge Cooley.
Judge Emerson and Judge Dibble—they de
claring that according to the present law.
justices of the peace are not competent to
entertain such cases. The following is the
written opinion of Attorney General Belden,
rendered on the sixth instant, and addressed
to Superintendent Badger:
Dear Sir: Your communication of the
thirtieth of September is at band, and I
would Lave answered it earlier had not
pressing business of the State prevented,
without stating my reasons for conclusion.
I suing't a- my opinion that justices of the
peace in the city of New Orleans are not
committing magistrates and have n- crim
inal j vis diction. Different views have been
taken, even by the courts, some views fav
oring mine and some being adverse. After
a carefi' 1 examination of the question at
various times during the past seven months.
1 an. satisfied that they have no criminal
juris diction. Reaper tfuil v,
SIMEON BELDEN.
Tut Jl. 'Ticks of the Peace.— A few
•nights ago Officer Kavanagh. third precinct,
arrested a young man for seme miner of
fense The accused gained his release on a
bond about ten o'clock at night, alter which
time Le obtained a warrant from Judge
Montamat. Third Justice Court, arrested
Kavanagh, took him from his beat, and con
fined him in the Parish Prison, and the offi.
cer did not procure his release until near
day! ght. Out of this transaction grew a
civil light, beginning by the Grand Jury
liuding a true b'H against M. Montaido, a
deputy constable, for talse imprisonment
and assault and battery on Officer Kava
nagh. Judge Montamat. the day after the
policemen was released, arraigned him ami
lixed the case for noon yesterday, and an
examination was held. The court committed
the officer to the Parish Prison in default of
bail. Captain McCann immediately sued
out a writ of habeas corpus in th■■ Sixth
District Court, returnable at six o'clock
last evemug. The commitment made by
the Third Justice Court was produced and
it proved to be informal; mere. Judge
Cooley very emphatically decided that jus
tices (t the peace have no right or power to
commit persons in criminal cases, his opin
ion and that of Attorney General Belden
agreeing on the principal point. Officer
Kavanagh went his way rejoicing at his
victory. J. li. Beckwith. Esq., attorney foa
app hc-rnt. __
Academy OF Music.—Grand matinee to
day
M as it Larceny, or Worse -—Mrs.
Fanny Sweet Hinckley, left undisturbed,
will trouide r.o one. and will not appear :n
court willingly. She yesterday mudea long
affidavit accusing Josephine Ray. Belie Lee
and Clara Mitchell with having recently
stolen a large number of valuable trinkets
from her. She lias lost several valuable
articles lately, and begins to comprehend
where they went to, she thinks. The three
brave damsels were not altogether happy
in prison last night.
Work cf Thieves.—T he fraternity, scent
ing a busy season in store, are coming to
town.
Some cf them, yesterday morning, be
tween seven and eight o'clock, entered the
establishment of Messrs. Pepin A. Turcot,
No. IdS Canal street, pretending that they
wished to make some purchases. While
one of the gang was so engaged, others
stele four pieces oi rich silk, worth $100,
and the fellows all escaped with their
plunder.
A sneak thief glided into the open dwell
ing No. 41o Kampart street, snatched a line
vase and. ran, but he was noticed and
chased. Rather than be caught with the
vase, he dropped it on the bun juette. send
ing tbe toy into a thousand splinters, and
then lie sought a cooler atmosphere with
nimble
feet
Tin?
resii]
ence
ot Thomas McCormick, on
W.I.
HZtOi
a, bet
ween
Hampton and Second
strcer.i
vraa ent
ered
by unknown thieves
some
time
Thursday
night, and a suit ot
clothe:
a
pair
at boots ami about six doT
Jars i:
bliji
all cl
iange
carried off. Tl.e en
trance
was
tti'eci
ted th:
ru^ig'ii a front window.
Matinee at the Academy to-day. A pro
gramme selected expressly to please ladies
and ch'ldren.__
According to the London Teleyrajili "a
large drove of wolves lately made th. ir ap
pearance in the suburbs of Chicago."
We can come closer than that. A large
number of wolves can be seen on St.
Charles street every night in the year.
A few festive fellows funningly tired their
pistols out on Poydras or Claiborne street
at three o'clock yesterday morning, and
then secreted them selves to witness cam
fusion in police ranks,
Cyrus Schotz, a lad, was badly bitten by
a ferocious dog yesterday morning near the
corner of Phib'p and St. Denis street.
Lizzie Owens, the queen robber of J)ry
ades street, recently refreshed from the
Parish Prison, is in again for stealing
twenty dollars from one she thought a ver
dant. __
Peter Southern, employed in Morgan's
machine shop, accidentally mashed his
hand in a plaining machine.
Mr. Boyle, at police headquarters, will
delight the owner of a gold bracelet by re
turning it to her when she proves property.
The river is fifteen feet two inches below
high water mark of 1962.
Remarks on a visit to three of the public
schools are necessarily delayed.
Some person, as yet unknown, shot Mr.
John Pasiey, as he stood on the banquette
in front of No. 10 Carondelet street, wound
ing one of his legs below the knee. It is
thought the shot was accidental.
Grand matinee to-day at the Academy c f
Music, with select programme by Hart.
Reman Barney's minstrels.
An explosion of a large coal oil lamp in
Hill A Veazie's store, early yesterday morn
ing. created a momentary excitement. No
body hurt, and little damage done to Camp
street.
Relief for Chicago.—A t a special meet
ing last night of the Grand Grove, State of
Lonisiana, Order of Druids, the sum of live
hundred dollars was appropriated for the
use of the brethren residing in Chicago.
A Maine damsel rowed eight miles in an
hour and a quarter.—Ax.
That is nothing to boast of. Louisiana
has a young lady who rode thirty milts in
an hour—on a railroad.
Trial of the Boyd Brothers —Another
Phase in the Jury. —As intimated in the Re
publican yesterday, another juryman was
brought into requisition, even before the
case of Field was fully investigated. Attor
ney General Belden announced that he had
proof that John Johnson, one of the jury
men in this panel, was a convict, having
been convicted in !855 and sentenced to the
Penitentiary for eighteen years, for man
slaughter. Counsel lor defense denied all
knowledge of the status of the juryman.
Colonel Field was there to testily that he
defended Johnson in 1 *55. and an animated
discussion ensued.
Mr. Semmes contended that Johnson was
pardoned by military authority in 1862,
and opposed interrupting the trial in such
a manner. The Attorney General com
batted a 1 arguments offered, and was
seconded by the court. Mr. Semmes wished
to place Johnson on Lis roire 'lire and
learn i f be has not a pardon. Judge
Abell would not permit such u course.
Mr. Belden stated that lie was willing
to grant time, that the records might
be overhauled. The court overruled all
propositions made by Mr. Semmes, and
this gentleman tiled exceptions.
Judge Atocha called the court's atten
tion to the fact that they had been taken
by surprise in this matter. He proposed to
question John-on'and thus arrive at a con
clusion inimed'ately. concerning the pardon.
He held that the man is a competent juror
if a pardon had been granted; ali be wanted
was to obtain the real facts in this peculiar
case. Mr. Belden did not wish to throw
any impediment in the way of reaching for
the pardon, hut he demanded.that the reach
lie conducted in a proper manner.
The court adjourned to obtain information
relative to the two strange jurors.
A record was produced showing that
Johnson had been pardoned or released by
Genetal Shepley, but as this was not deemed
sufficient, the subject was laid over tor
further investigation.
C. C. Haley, newsdealer, expects to have
Chicago papers for sale this morning.
The Knife.— Between nine and tea
o'clock last night a difficulty arose at the
corner of Carondelet and Poydras streets,
during which Mr. Biaekie. a bill poster,
was cut l>y Jo Butterfield in bis right side.
Black'e's wound was dressed, after which
he was sent to h's room in Commercial
alley. Butterfiphl escaped.
.Masonic Hall—Lecture by Captain Braine.
Captain John C. Iiraine letured last
night at Masonic Hall, giving a detailed ac
count of his capture of the United States
steamer Chesapeake, by going aboard of
her as a passenger at New York. He also
described bis capture of the United States
steamer Roanoke, at Havana, and his cap
ture of the schooner St. Mary, in Chesa
peake bay. Finally, on the sixteenth of
June, 1865, after the surrender, he blew up
the St. Marys at a port in Jamaica. After
all this strange eventful history, the Cap
tain appeared last night to relate his adven
tures to an audience of forty or fifty persons,
who received his address with some mani
festations of applause.
Donnelly.
Ignatius Donnelly, of Minnesota, in a re.
cent speech, spoke as follows in regard to
his recent change of politics:
A good deal has been said about my re
turning to the Republican party. I do
not feel that I ever was out of that party.
I mav have got one leg over the traces, hut
I was in the harness all the while. [Great
laughter.] If there was any crime in kick
ing that leg out of the traces, my defense
will have to be that of the hoy who went
fishing on Sunday. A preacher saw him
sitting ou the river's bank. "My son,' said
lie, "don't you know you are committing a
great sin to li.-h on the Sabbath day
•Wall," said the boy. "it can't he no great
sin, for I haiu't botched nothin.'' [Uproar
ious laughter.] I ran upon the platform of
Ignatius Donnelly. I still regard it as a
good, sound, substantial policy, but there
isn't enough of it to make a party out of.
[Tumultuous applause.] In fact,my friends
1 found that the temperature was increas
ing at the rate of one degree for every fifty
four feet I descended. It got so hot I con
cluded I was going to the devil. [Laughter.]
Now I don't think a man ought to go to the
devil simply to prove that lie isn't afraid to
go to the devil. So I took the back track.
1 came up like a half drowned gopher.
[Tremendous outburst of laughter.]
The Er/jublicun Pioneer, published ir. St.
John the Baptist parish, says:
Mr. John Levet, of this parish, having
got tired of waiting for the levee company,
has gone to work to rebuild that portion of
his levee which suddenly caved not long
since. _
Julius Ca-sar—son of old man G'a-sar. He
He was born at Rome in his infancy, and
upon arriving at the state of manhood be
came a Roman. He was a fighter and a
warrior of some note. His friend Brutus
one morning asked him how many egijs he
had eaten for breakfast, and he replied "Et
tu Brute." His friend became enraged at
being called a brute, and stabbed Ciesar
dead.
Editor Republican
An advertisement in yesterday's Times
was doubtless read by all the respectable
and educated druggists of this city with
feelings of profound disgust. It was as
follows: "Wanted—A good and reliable
druggist, in the Third District, to give me
a percentage of twenty-five per cent on all
my prescriptions that I will send him
Apply from to 11 A. M. Dr. E. S. Lewis,
No. 146 Elysian Fields street."
It is doubtless unnecessary for me to say
that so high-minded druggist would dei^a
to offer a favorable reply to the foregoing
insulting notice.
The base practice cf druggists allowing
physicians a percentage or commission on
their prescriptions is ignored by all the
pharmaceutical colleges throughout this
country, as it is unjust to the public, and
hurtful to the independence and self-respect
of both parties. It is not only unprofession
al. but deserving the censure of all high
minded men.
Dr. Lewis is doubtless ignorant of the
ethics which should govern his actions as
an M. D.. and to this inexcusable ignorance
on Lis part may he attributed his offer to
sell his advice to the highest bidder, at the
expense of his patients.
Trusting that you will give this publica
tion in your next issue, I subscribe myself,
DRUGGIST.
New Orleans, October 13,1871.
It is an o!d saying that it never rains but
it pours. Be that as it may, luck is unmis
takably pouring down upon many persons
of late who have had the good judgment to
invest a little money in the tickets of the
Lonisiana State Lottery. Mr. A. Sedesma
recently purchased one-sixteenth of ticket
No. 12.739, and drew the handsome sum of
eight thousand dollars. This was done on
an investment of one dollar and twenty-five
cents. A few dollars invested in the next
single number drawing might draw the
$5 ).')00 prize.
SPECIAL NOTICES.___
Oftire New Orlenan. City Railroad Com*
piny. >Vw Orleans. October 11, 1371.—At a meeti.ij
tht* Board of Directors of th:a compamy, held
this day, a dividend of four dollars pt*r share
was declared. payable to the stockholders
on or after the twenty-fifth instant, the United
Suites tax ©u which will he paid by the compauv.
WILLIAM P. SISXOTT.
ocIJ Pt Secretary.
*perinl Notice.— The American Union Club
will occupy its oM quarters (Room 7. No. St.
Charles street during the present month.
oe7:? IS E. ADAMS. Secretary.
The Equal Right* Lraiuf iWrets Every
Saturday night, at half-past seven o'clock, a* the
Mechanics' Institute. Bv order of the President.
8e3it*
Office Mutual Aid and Benevolent l.ife
Insurance Association of Louisiana, No. Caron
delet street. New Orleans. October i«>, 1371.—Mem
liers of this association are hereby notified of the
death of II. J. Gilderxmeater, who died in this city
.July 7. 1371; Gardner Banks, who died in Waltham.
Massachusetts, July!*. 71; Samuel Wo! if. who died
in this city J lily 13, 1371, ami C. W. VWstemiorif,
drowned near Louisburg, Louisiana, July 2", 1671,
and are called upon to come forward., without
further notice, and ray on each, at the office of the
association. No. 12c Carondelet street. 3*1 2*, on or
before 4:30 P. M.. November 14. 1-71.
otyi 6t R. W. YOUNG. Secretary.
Crescent City Hank, New Orleans, Sep
tember 27, I*?].—The Board of Dircctois of ti :s
bank having this day passed a resolution lavor'n^
the adoption of the national hanking stem, the
stockholders are requested to call at the banking
louse on or before the thirtieth day of October.
I 71. and register their votes for or against its adop
tion. CHARLES FAURIK, JR., Cashier.
m*30 1 m
Notice, The stockholders of the Caicasv.:
Sulphur and Mining Company are hereby notified
that a sixth installment oi five dollars per share
on all the ordinary ato< k ot the company uas !*een
call' d by the Board of Directors, and made payable
on the second of October next, at the office ol the
tompauy, No. Carondelet street.
ALEX. BOSSEVAL, Secretary.
New Orleans. September 23. 1371. s*-24 15r
Batchelor** Hair Dye.— This superb hair
dye is the best in the world—perfectly harmless,
reliable and instantaneous; no dsappointnient; no
ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor. The genuine
William A. Batchelor's hair dye produces immedi
ately a splendid black or nntutal brown; leaves
the hair clean, soft, beautiful: dor-s not con
tain a particle of Lead or any injurious compound.
Bold all druggist*. Factory, No. 16 Bond street,
New York. jy!3 ly
OFFICIAL NOTICES
NOTICE.
Civil Shexiff's Op?:rv f
New Orleans, October 111. 1371.
P eremptory orders from the city at
torney have been received at this office as re
gards the collection of city taxes for 136J.
Delinquent taxpayers are hereby notified that
unless their taxes are paid at tins office by Novem
ber I. 1371. I shall proceed to seize, advertise and
sell ali propertiesliable for said taxes.
It 17 2j 24 27 31
S. NAUVI5KT.
Civil Shei
Mayoralty Nf.w Oki.kans,
City Hall, October II, 1371* J
[No. 1123—Administration Series.]
Resolved, That the Administrator of Waterworks
and Public Buildings be and he is hereby requested
to detail two men Horn ln» department to report in
person to the Chief Engineer of the Fin* Depart
merit, with a view of examining the condition of
I the fire plugs and wedis throng).out the citv
I Adopted by the Council of the city of New Or
leans, October in, 1*171.
BKNJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. Coxqukst Clarke. Secretary. ocl4 It
Mayoralty of Nkw Orlkax*, i
City Hall, October 11, 1371.
[No. 1123—Administration Series.J
An ordinance appropriating money to defray the
expenditures of the I»epartmer.t of Waterworks
and Public Buildings, tor the month of Septem
ber, 1371.
Be it ordained, That the following sums, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, are hereby ap
propriated to defray the expenditures of the Depart
ment of Waterworks and Public Buildings for tin*
month of September, 1371. and that the Adminis
trator of Public Accounts draw his warrants on
the Administrator of Finance in payment of the
same:
ADMINISTRATOR'3 OFFICE
L. Pierce, cab hire, etc............ $25 on
WATKXWORK*.
M. W. Smith, rubber valves....... sF' l M*
L. Du tty, castings.................. 2H* HO
Louisiana Ice Manufacturing Com
pany, ice............ J
New Orleans Bee. advertising..... 3 l
F'olger k Co., hardware............ HS 4
Hasam k Pooley, lumber.......... 82 oo
J. C. Van Wickle, rent............ 33
L. Pierce, hinges, etc.............. 6 no
Robert Carey, replacing pavement 63 25
New Orleans Republican, adver
tising.......-................... 37 0
1X3AXE ASYLUM.
L. Ru.
ef...
Dunn. wood. lime.
A. K. Dick X Co., soap..
F. Clave I, dings........
.1 P. Sariazin, tobacco.
K. F. Brown, groceries.
J. Paimeson, vegetable#
tc.
H »MK oF AGED AM
L. Ruck, beef......................
K. F. Brown, groceries............
C. Dunn, wood and charcoal.....
J. Henderson. Jr., rent
F. Clave*, drugs.
CITY' HALL.
Crescent City lee Company, ice
Louisiana Ice Manufacturing Com
INFIRM.
42 no
Sanitary
puny
ice.
PUBLIC SINK*,
and Fertilizing Cnm
CHAKITY.
20 on»
w
P. Keenan, forage
J. J. Clarke, coal.
Total.....................................*2o7L 12
Adopted by the Council of the city of New Or
leans. October In, 1371.
Yeas: Cockreni, Shaw. Pela^size. Remick, Lewis.
BKNJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. Coni*uk>t Clakkk. Secretary. oc!4 It
Mayoralty of Nkw Orleans,
City Hall, Octolier II, 1371.
{No. 1132—Administration Series.]
Ail ordinance to provide for the settlement of
accounts therein named.
B«* it ordained, That the Administrator of Public
Accounts be and he is hereby authorized to settle
with the holders of the following claims, at the op
tion of said holders by the issue of certificates
under ordinance No. 332, Administration series:
Tim Tracy, for fe**s as sexton of Lafayette ceme
teries for the month of January, 1370, $22 23.
Tim Tracy, for fees as sexton of Lofavette ceme
teries for the month of February, 1870, $15 25.
Tim Tracy, for fees as sexton of Lafayette ceme
teries for the month of March. 1370, approved by
the late finance committee, $22 25.
Adopted by the Council of the city of New Or
leans, October 10, 1371
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true copy:
H. Conquest Clarks, Secretary. ocl4 It
OFFICIAL NOTICES.
Mayoralty os Sbw Oki.ka.xj
City Hall, October 11. ITT1. J
[No. 1130—Administration Series.]
At ordinauce providinz for tiie payment ot the
se -eraf accounts therein named.
Be 1* ordained. That the folio win* appropriations
lie and are hereby made, and that the Adinmistaror
of Public Accounts warrant on the Administrator
of Kmai.ee in payment of the same:
J. C .iapus. coroners'jury certificates. 8270.
L. Duffy, coroner's jury certificate, 82.
Isadore Newman, colonel's jury certificate, 81b.
A. 51. Holbrook, advertising in^ the New Orleans
Picayune for the Department of Public Account?,
approved, 8fi.
C S. Sauviuet, Civil Sheriif. for five per cent ad
ditional commission ou the collection of tax bills
of Uldfi and 1367, 8111 76.
Beni F. Flanders, Mayor, for disbursements from
September l-> to October 3. 1371, approved, 8123 07.
John Cock eai, for expenditures for cab hire, etc
85?.
Andrew Hero. Jr., for acts of sa.es from property
holders on Moreau street to the city, 835.
J. H Peters, repairs of iock, Department of Pub
lic Accounts, 83.
German Gazette, advertising redemption of city
bonds, approved, 83.
J. S. Walton, disbursements for vouchers at
tached sjieeial order, 84H
L. S. Boisdore, jury warrants. 831
bepubiicau Printing Company, printing for the
Department of Public Accounts for September,
337 92.
Republican Printing Company, printing for the
Conn* i! t**r Septeini «*r. $J-«.
Republican Printing Company, printing ordi
nauGt-a for September. $227.
P. C^eagh, Coroner of th** First. Fourth. Fifth and
Sixth Districts, for inquest*, views and burial* in
the month of September. 1-71. $3»J7.
Adopted by the Council ot tfie city of New Or
leana. October 10, 1371.
Yeas: Cockrein, Shaw, Delas.-ize, Remick, Lewis
L i i BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
A true*ropy:
H. veavr Clarkr. Secretary. oc!4 It
AIayoralty OF Nrw Orlkans, l
City Hall October 11, 1371.
[No. 1131—Admimat rat ion Series. J
Resolved. That the Administrator of Public Ac
counts hr* and i# hen-b? author zed to warrant
ou the Department of Financ in favor of Dr. G.
Ridgsriy t -r the sum of fifty *lol ara. as part remis
sion of a fin** i:up**sf*d upon bin* bv the Recorder of
the Fourth Didtrict. Si-pTe:u« **r 6. H7i
Ad.jpG*«i by the Council of the city of New Or
leans. October lb, 1371.
BENJ. F. FLANDSSS, Mayor.
A true copr:
If. i *n ff' T Bs*T Clarsf. Secretarv. oc!4 It
Mayoralty Orlrax»,
City Hail, October 11, 1371. J
[No. 1133— Administration Series.]
ordinance appropriaii::. money to defray the
expenditures of tlie Departmeiitot Asseesmenta
Ic-r the month of September, L<»71.
n
it
■rdaiaed by th.e Counc
11 of the
city of New
Or.:
'AH 9.
Tiiar the I'o'.iwiL^ au
nia c#t money, or
H> k ;,i
•reofas Hz ay be necess
it»ry. an
hereby ap
pro:
riatr
i to defray e
nditurec
i of the De
part
UieHi
of Assessments tor th
e month
of Septem
her.
Id* I.
anti the Administrator
>f Pub!
ic Accounts
dra'i
h:s
warrants on the Adm::
list rate:
of i* inanee
ia p
aruient- of the same:
»n
Orb*
ans Times............
$31 00
Con
>Riei'f
:a. Ruhetin...........
46 c')
German
ittzette.................
44 4
New
\j r!e
i ans Bepubiicau........
b
H:.i
2'i
«'o
85 15
Wagner x 5Iaver.
Adopted by the Council of the city of New Or
leans. October 1 1371.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS. Mayor.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS. Mayor.
A true copy:
H. Cox^i'iwT Clxkk'a. Ss-rretary.
14 It
Ma
[No. 1134—Ail
lie:
tolved. that the p
pavit
:Z with square
Cana
tn Tuiilonsq a:r.
iz stone S.deWAi
Stree
t. lor the smie
iron i
l»r;il^e Ti.ates as n
Tw
0 ln.mireil anil
Mayoralty 5?.w Orlkaxs, 1
City Mali, October II. 1371.
ration Series.]
1 of Dennis Cron an for
Bourbon etieet. from
o for the construction
complete, five dollars and tliirtv centb per yard for
square blocks, furnished and laid complete: eighty
cents for new* cutb atone, furnished and laid.'per
buperticial foot: tw»-i:tv «*e:its for old curbstone
tuk**:: up and reiaid. per running foo^: four dollars
ai. I forty cents for new nagging, furnished an-i
laid. er running foot; on** do.larand fifty cents for
oh! r. tgguig taken up and .rda:-!, per running foot,
W and the same is hereby accepted. fif*-« urit.v to
the aiuour.t of $1 to be accepted by the Mavor
and Administrator of Improvements, and the Mayor
is lir-r n.ithoiized to enter into contract on be
La'r <>f the city per notarial act before th** City
Notary, tor the laithfl.l t.t-rf«>rniance of said con
t:a* P.*ysneLt to ir.a*.e m :a»pn»resuent bonds
at the ru*o of seventy-five cents on the dollar.
Adopted by the i uncil of the city of New Or
Yeas: Cockrem, fihaw, Dchusizc. Remick. L**^v;s.
BENJ. F. FLANDERS, Mayor.
ocl£ It
PK«PO?*AI>.
Department of Ix?rots«bxt», J
New Orleans. »ctober 12. 1:7i.
8 EAI.F.D PROPOSALS ADDRESSED TO THE UN
*ier.-:gned will be received at this office until
WEDNESDAY* NOON. October P, 1371, tor paving
w.*L square block stone <'anai. Jnlia, Dei«»rd. Ram
p t. a::*: other streets, in acc*»rdar.ce with speci
fications o:i file tn the office of the C.ty Survevor.
The wo: k is dividefi into five pans, known as
contract Nos. 1. 2 3. 4 and 5.
Bids to be made for the whole.
The c;:v reserves the right to reject any and
arties making prop*
:d ti- tie- t »os;t with t
s for this contract are
AiiiuiMstrator of Fi
intention to abide by
the a.Ijudfication. the amount of twelve thousand
dollars in cash, which shall in- forfeited to the city
in case of failure to sign the contract.
Bidders to whom contracts aie n»*t awarded s! all
l.a* e their deposits returned to them on the «iay
adjudications are made.
No bid will N* entertaired unless the certificate
ot the Administrator of Finance is inclosed there
with. to the effect that the required cash deposit
has been made.
Bids must bt- mad* as s**t forth in specifications,
ami indorsed Ptonosals for Paving."
cl:> td JOHN rorKKKM. Administrator.
UKDE.UPTION «F CITY BOND*.
Department of Public A< counts.
New Orleans, heptember 3'», 1 >7i,
K 'oTD'E lei HEREBY GIVEN THAT UNDER
and in pursuance of the acts of *he Legisla
ture or the Ntate relative tu the consolidated debt
of the city of New Orleans, the commissioners of
said debt v- ;'l receive proposals until WEDNESDAY*,
the first of November pioximo, at twelve o'clock
M., for the sale to the city of consolidated bonds
to the amount of one hundred thousand dollars,
to hr* redeemed from tie* surplus of the consoli
dated loan tax.as required bv law.
The bids will be indorsed Proposals for sale of
consolidated bonds," and addressed to Hon. B. F
Flanders, Mayor.
The commissioners shall have the light of re
jecting bids.
By order of the Board of Commissioners of the
Consolidated Debt. ALFRED NHAWh
Administrator ol Public Accounts.
PROPOSAL 4
Office Commissioner* New Orleans* Park,)
No. 11 Carondelet street^
New Orleans. September 27, 1371. y
S EALED PROPOSALS, ADDRESSED TO "THE
President of the Board of Ymimissioners of the
Now Orleans Park," will be received at this office
daily (Sirndays excepted), from 12 M. to 2 P. M..
until October 27 1371, tor the iurni|hifi£ of ah ma
terials and the construction of a wire railing toftna
the City Park grounds, in the Sixth District of the
city of New Orleans, according to the flans and
specifications to be seen at this office, at the times
designated. WILLIAM G. BROWN.
pe27 i:u Assistant Secretary.
PROPOSAL*.
CIKAL
MiPARATE PROP
riSALS ADDRESSED TO
t
e President of the I.O'
•iSiAfia Levee Company
will b<
received at tlie office. So 33 Caronde.et
street.
ui'til October 14, 1371
at 12 M., for the build
1:1^
levees according top]
.ana anil specifications
to '-)C S'
leu at the office of tli
e coinptna"-..
Cumc yards.
Poverty Point. Plaquemines par $h about— 2
Le garde. Lafourche parish, ah
4 'aianahese. St. James parish, about..........*••
Porche. Sr. James parish, about............... lu.c****
La reix Ascension parish, about............ 4
New River, Ascension parish, about..........
Wldte Castle, Iberville parish, about......... 1 'J,' 1
Eureka. Iberville parish, about............... 1 Of*
Tally Ho, Iberville parish, about............. 1-i.o
Evergreen, Iberville parish, about............ h>,o<.ii
Point Manoir, West Dot on Rouue parish, about
S.ark's Bayou, Pointe Coupee ]»arisb. al>out n
Stocket's Bayou. St. Landry pariah, about...
Yellow Bayou, St. Landry pirisli. about......
T;ic- privilege of rejecting any and all bids will
be reserved by the company.
TH<>M s I. DIX, Secretary.
New Orleans. October 1,1:71. ocl td
*NOTUE TO IlOCOEUS OF WHARF
BONDS.
r»;;PAkTKZ:.-T "T F'NaNCB,
City Hall, New Oileaus, October 4. lo«l.
S KALKI) PROPOSALS FOE THE SALE TO THE.
citv of TO "Wharf Bor.ils" will be ri-ei-ive 1
br the uniiersijjtieii until SATURDAY, the fourteenth
iustuut. at eleven o'clock A. M.
The light to reject any ami all proposals ii re
serve;'.. 'Jons S. WALTON,
oe4 ft _Administrator of Finance.
JPOUND NOTICES^________
Dkpartmkst or Polich,
Neu- Orleans, October 14, 1371. j
W ERE BROUGHT TO THE SIXTH DISTRICT
Pound, ou Jersey street, between Valence
and Bordeaux
One (1) Brown and White Spotted muley COW.
both cars split, and branded "K. L." on the ri^ht
hip. and on the left hip.
One (1) Brow n and White Sported t'OW, both
ears split, ami branded "W." ou the right hip.
Winch, if not claimed within hve days, and the
expenses thereon paid, will be sold at public
auction at said pound, on WKDNBSDAY, Oc tober
13, 1371, at twelve o'clock M.
JAMBS LEWIS.
Ho. 94—ocl3 td Administrator.
AU0TI0H SITES,
By E. A. Deslonde.
SUGAR LANDS AJID PLANTATIONS
IN THE PARISHES OF EAST AND WEST BATON
ROUGE; LOTS AND TRACTS OF GROUND
WITHIN AND OUTSIDE THE CITY OP
BATON ROUGE, AT AUCTION.
SUCCESSION OF JAMES McCALOP WILLIAMS.
Sacoud District Coart for the parish of Orleans
No.
B y e. a. deslonde, auctioneer
Offiee. No. 45 Baroune street—SATURDAY, Oc
tober 21, 1371. at 12 M.. at the Merchants and Auc
tioneers' Exchange, on Royal streer, between Canal
and Customhouse streets, by virtue and in pur
suance of a.;adgiueut rendered Ur the Hon. Louis
Duvrgueaud Judge, of the Second District Court
for the parish, of Orleans, on the tiftli day of Septem
ber. 1371. in the matter of the succession of James
McCalnp Williams, in oliedieuce to an order therein
embraced and addressed to me. 1 will sell at public
auction the following described property and inter
ests belonging to said succession—
THE IN I ERESTS of deceased. James McCalop
Williams, in certain lands situated in the parishes
of East ami West Baton Rouge, ia this State, and
aioic particularly described as follows:
Ic the Pariah of West Baton Range.
OSS UNDIVIDED SIXTH INTEREST in the
tract of iau lor plantation known as the Beiair
plantation, measuring lb arpents. more or less,
trout to f!:e JI:ssis«ippi river, with a depth of 40
nr Tents the side lines closing in the rear so as to
leave 2 arp>et.ts or thereabouts at the back line;
said tract of laud being established and cultivated
as a sugar plantation, and :s bounded above by the
lands ot Vi.ieaeuve and Octave Leblanc, and below
by those of Louis rarrot Esq., together with all
the lca:ld.uga, improvements and fixtures thereon,
and ali rights, privileges, etc., thereto attached or
'UNDIVIDED SEVEX-THIRTT-SIXTH IS
TERE'T in another tract or' iar.d, established and
cult.vuted as a sugar plantation, and known as the
Poplar Grove plantation, containing about 143,1 su
pt-fric! 1 acres and bounded above by lands of
Louis Farrot. Es,j. and la-low by those now of Mrs.
Angelina A. Lobdeli. wife of Janies L. Lobilell, to
gether with ail and singular the buildings, fixtures
ami improvements of every kind attached to said
p!aur»r ,'.>ii, its rights, ways, privileges and appur
tenances.
In the Parish of East Bntoo Rssge.
3. THE UNDIVIDED THIRD of the real estate ac
qnu. ed ,r deceased joint'-.- with I is brother. Nolan
.stewart'Williams, and his sister, Mrs. Mary Von
P'nnl. bv an act of part it ion made of the property
counted bv James McUalop to Ins grandt augnters,
Mrs. Catherine Stewart, wife of A. A. Wi.Iianis
an,1 JIrs. L-icy Stewart, wife of John A. Doherty,
and described in sud partition as toliows—
I. A certain iot of ground, ie-mg No. 1 of the "Eve
lina Skipwith tract." comprising, as per United
states survey, section firtv, township six, range
one west, containing733 47.1 n) acres.
2. Lor No. 2 of same tract, comprising section
th'rty-eight. township six, range one west, con
tamiiig 1032 47-lco acres.
3. The Fuiwar Skipwith tract." composed of
lot No. 3. comprising section thirty-eight, town
ship six. rang,* one w-es*. containing90 7l-100acrea.
4.' The "William Davel's or Rapetur tract," com
posed of lot No. 9. comprising section forte, town
ship six, range one west, containing 163 21-109
acres.
5. 'the Philip Hickey tract," composed of lot
N 5. comprising section forty-one. township six,
range one west, and s ction iiitv-tlirce, township
six.' rauge one east, containing 2oo and 232 67-100
acres.
6. Lot No. 6 of .came tract, comprising section
fortv-two. township six, range one west, and sec
tiou tiftv-tmiT. rownsuip six, range one east, con
taming 2f" I'-i'-' acres.
7. Lot No. 7. Iteing the Mrs. JIarshall tract,"
com:: rising section forty three, townshipsix, range
one west, and section fit'v-tive, township range
c r.taining ».'l 25-140 acn*s.
Lot No. being portion of ti e Steer and
Rowell tract;" comprising section fortv-fo' r. town
si. ;p six. range o„e west, containing 332 83-100
,1L 'Tone undivided seven thirty-sixth in
TEREST ;n property accuired ioiutlv with his co
heirs from esta"- of Mrs. SD ira Mr.ore McCalop,
deceased v. i:'e of Joseph W. Doherty, anil which con
sists cf—
i. A tract of land in the vicinity of the city of
Baton Bong known as the "Robert Boyd tract."
containing -3 4 ,-1 1 acres, being fractional section
foir -two. town=..ip seven, south of range one
2 Another tract aej lining the city of Baton
P.o ;ge ar.d known as th.- "Wickotf tract," con
taining fifteen arpents. more or leas, liouinled north
bv r.e :.ur:b boulevard, east by the Highland load,
s- nth l,v la: Is of the e.-:ate of McDonogh. and
west bv those r.f Paul Caoppin, with all buildings
and improvements thereon.
3. A tract within the limits of the city of Baton
Rouge, containing fourteen arpents. bounded north
uv continuation of Govemine.it street, east by tlie
ni:,Idle Highland road, south bv lands now or for
n.eriv of Joseph Luha:.iie. and on the west by
those of M: s. Hen art.
4. F"ur lots of ground, situated ia that part of the
city of L.itou R< "ge -aid out by E. Beauregard, and
ile-lgt.ated on the plan thereof {as lots Nos. 4, 5. h
ami 7 of siuare No. 26, measunng eai'h sLxtv by
one hundred and twenty feet, with all buildings
and improvements thereon.
5. A '.hr of ground situated in that part of the city
oi 3at":. Rouge l.i .l our by A. Grasse, designated
as iot No. 6 of 5 vuire No. 3. measuring sixty feet
Lout ou F.t'th stii et by one hundred and fifty t'c-et
in ieo-h. with ail the iiunrovements theron.
>1. A 1 r of ground in t,..it par: of the city of Baton
Rouge laid out bv C. Da vail, designated by lot No. 1
of.-, an- No. 1 having sixty tee t front ou Levee
street bv one hundred and iwenty feet on Church
street.
7. A 1 of ground in that part of said city laid
out bv E. Beauregard, designated on the plan there
of as Dr No. 1. square No. il south, measuring sixty
bv one hundred teet.
A tract of laud situated about one and a half
mile- east of the city of Baton Rouge, or. the Comite
road, known as the "Lopez tract." containing two
hundred and tiiirtv-tive arpents. bounded north bv
S .:d C,.mite load, east by lands of T. J. Bird, soutu
by lands of Colonel Hickey, and on the west by
lands of John Gall is.
5 an UNDIVIDED ONE-TWELFTH INTEREST
in the following property acquired by deceased
and co-heirs from Mis. Elvira Moore Doherty,
deceased:
1. A Ti ece of ground situated ic the city ot
Baton R.cige. bounded on the north by Spanish
Town road, on the south bv North street, east by
propertv fronting ou Union street, being same
purci-.-ed by Mi Elvira Moore Doherty, deceased,
f:#u Nathan [hug Knox, together with ali the
hui.diugs and improvements tuereon.
Terms of sale—Cash in United States treasury
aotes
Act of sale before William B. Klein peter, notary
public, at the expense of the purchaser, together
with the United States internal revenue stamps
re ;;i'red bv law. sv!3 20 27 oc4 II 14 13 21
By Eugene Tourae.
B
SALE posit:
V EUGENE TOl'RNE. AUCTIONEER.—
W:.i be sobl or. SATURDAY, October 2i. at
1 *'e o'ciock SI., at the Merchants' Exchange,
al street—
A VALUABLE TRACI
LAND,
JwJ SUPERFICIAL ACRES,
Situate and lying in
THE SECOND DISTRICT OF THE CITY CF
NEW ORLEANS,
BStXiiES
DORGENOIS STREET AND BAYOU ST JOHN,
BfitJtf,
PAST OF A LAND CLAIM
(Class C, No. 31!.
API'S »VED AND CONFIRMED UNDER AN
ACT OF CONGRESS
Tiie above tiactof land, "having (according to
the ti'ie 1 eight arpents trout on the Bayou St. John
(east bank,', by twenty-two arpents in depth,
bounded0:1 one side by tlie public road then (in 1774)
leading to tiie bayou, and on the other side by
otlier .and granted on the said bayou," is pait ot
a:i rssncv»YEP iaud claim (C. No. Ill) which the
preseat vendor acquired from Ferdinand D'Hebc
eourt. as per act passed before Keiix de Armas,
notary, on the seventh day of September, 1 ',33; the
which land lie. Ferdinand D'Hebeeourt, and his
vendors, the widow and lieirs of Francois Il'Hc-he
CvUit. acuulreil in the names of CHALON ic
DEsRUInsiiAL'X. as follow s, to wit:
The ONE PART, or LAND DESCRIBED in their
acts, thev acquired by an act before J. B. du Garie,
notarv, done and passed by Franeoise Elizahetl,
Giuiriley, w idow ot Joseph Desruisseux, the pre
ceding owner.
lud the OTHER PART, or LAND NOT DESCRIBED
in their acts, they acquired by an act before the
same notary, done and passed ou the fifteenth dav
of Octolier, 1774, by Madeline Braziilier, the pre
ceding owner and the v endor of the above tract of
land, which she inherited from Louis Braziilier,
alias Tourangeau.
The said tract of land will be sold entire, and will
lie delivered up. as it was to the present owner, in
the names of Cnalon sc Desruisseaux, with the title
and authority of Madeline Braziilier, subject to a
survey by the United States Surveyor General,
:n whose hands the titles to the aforesaid land
claim are deposited, at Ins own request, for the
purpose of adjusting the boundaries.
An ancient plan of the grants from whence the
title to tiie said tract of iaud is derirtd may lie seen
ai the office of theauctioueer, and will be exhibited
a few days prior to the sale.
Terms »f sale—One fourth cash, and the balance
at one, two and three years, in notes to order, se
cured by mortgage, and bearing interest ab the
rate of eight per cent per annum from the day of
sale until paid.
Act of sale before Amedee Ducatel, at the ex
pense ot the purebaaet: revenue stamps and other
conditions as usual ocll td
wMms;
By Nash ft Hodgson.
DOUBLE TENEMENT FRAME RESIDENCE,
NOS. 247 AND 247k. GRAVIER STREF.T, BaTWEEN
RAMPAKT AND BASIN STREETS.
ON LONG CREDrr, AT AUCTION.
B Y NASH Ac HODGSON—w. r. HODGSON,
auctioneer—^Office No. IP) Gravier street—On
SATURDAY. Octolier 14. 1871. at twelve o'et-ck M.,
at the Sr. diaries Auction Exchange, will lie sold—
ONE VALUABLE LOT OF GROUND, with the im
proveniente thereon, situated in tlie First District
of this citv, tn the square bounded by Gravier,
Co mm on. Rampart and Basin streets, measuring 34
feet 3 inches front ou Gravier street, by a depth of
120 feet. The improvements consist of a double
tenement frame (lirick between posts) slate roof
one-story and attic house, containing twelve rooms,
say three rooms above and three rooms below in
each tenement, with a two-story frame slate roof
readily yield 810 per month.
Terms—One-third cash, balance a* one and two
years, with eight per cent interest from date, and
usual clauses.
Act of sale before Joseph Cohn, notary, at the
purchaser's expense, including the stamps anil
taxes for the current year..1371. nc7 td
ELEVEN HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-SEV EN SHARES
CAPITAL STOCK LOUISIANA AND TEXAS
CANAL COMPANY'.
LANDS IN OPELOUSAS, STATE 0? LOUISIANA.
SUCCESSION OF JAMES McQUOID.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 33.942.
B Y NASH Ac HODGSON—w. I. HODGSON,
Auctioneer—Office No. 1 *0 Gravier street—On
SATURDAY. November 4, 1371, at twelve o'clock
M., at the St. 4Jliai!es Auction Exchange, in
the basement rotunda or the St. Charles Hotel, in
this c:iy. by virtue and in pursuance of an order of
the Hon. Louis Duvigneaud, Judge of the Second
District Court for the parish of Orleans, dated Au
gust 7, 1371, docket No. 33.942. for account of the
succession ot' James McQaoid, deceased, at public
auction, will lie »obl—
1. E'even hundred and eighty-seven shar-s of
the capi'al stock of the Loui-iaua ami Texas Canal
Ccmpanv, with the lights, privileges and grants
thereunto belonging, to be so d ia lots of iOO shares
each.
2. THE UNDIVIDED ONE-HALF INTEREST in and
to lots Nos. 1 and 2, and the west half of the north
east quarter of Section fifteen in township ten.
south of range thirteen west, ia the distr et of land
subject to sale at Opelousas, State of Louisiana,
containing 134 71-100 acres.
Within the above canal grant, which nearly sur
rounds the great beds of sulphur lecently discov
ered, there are ah.ut 1,800.000 acres, embracing
enmeof the most fertile and productive lands in
the S'ate. Pamphlets containing charter, lights,
franchises, privileges and advantages, with map of
grant and route of canal can be had on application
to the auctioneers.
Terms—Cash on the spot ia United States treas
ury notea act 7 14 21 2.! not
ELIGIBLE FBAMK RESIDENCE, WITH GROUNDS
NINETY-FIVE BY ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY
FEET, CORNER OF ST. CHARLES AND BOR
DEAUX STREETS, WITH HANDSOME FRONT
GARDEN. A VERY SUPERIOR LOCALITY AND
DELIGHTFUL NEIGHBORHOOD, WITH GAS
THROUGHOUT, WITHOUT RESERVE, AT
AUCTION.
B Y NA3H Ac HODGSON— W. I. HODGSON,
Auctioneer—Office No. 178 Gra-ier street—On
SATURDAY, October 14, 1871. at 12 o'clock M., at
the St. Charles Auction Exchange, at public auc
tion. without reserve, will lie sold—
THREE LARGE AND VALUABLE LOTS OF
GROUND, together with the buildings ar.d improve
ments thereon, situated in the Sixth District of
this citv. in the square bounded by St. Ciiarlea,
Apollo. Bordeaux and Upper line streets, which ad
join each other, and measure together 93 feet front
ou St. Charles street, by a depth ami front or Bor
deaux street of 13o feet, of which two streets it
forms the corner, al! between parallel lines, accord
ing to a plan made by Louis H. Pilie, surveyor,
dated Octolier 1371.
The improvements consist of a handsome and
well built two story frame slate roof residence, and
contains a wide ball, two pallors, library a.ul din
ingroom in wing on first fioor, with six bedrooms
above. Gas throughout the entire premises, with
kitchen, servants' rooms and a 12.000 gallon cistern
in the rear. The whole in superior order and re
pair. The garden in front 13 handsomely laid out,
and is embellished with choice shrubbery, fruit
and young shade trees.
This is one of tlie most desirable residences in
the city or its suburbs, and any one in search of a
first class homestead should uot fail to t spect it
previous to sale. The choice locality, with ma
cadamized banquette aud Nlcolson pavement in
trout, renders it a most attractable residence, and
is sold on long and easy -1,
Terms and conditions—One-third cash in United
States treasury notes, and the balance at or.e and
two Venn, with eight per cent interest, and the
usual clauses, from date till paid.
Act of sale beforg Thomas J. Beck, uotai y, at the
expense of the purchaser including the stamps
and the taxes tor 1371. ocl 7 td
By B. M. ft B. J. Montgomery.
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. PIANOS, CARPETS
ETC., AT AUCTION.
B Y K. HI. Ac B. J. itlONTGO.MEKY-K.
M. MONTGOMERY. Auctioneer—W,;. sold
on everv SATURDAY. TUESDAY a-d THURSDAY
at the Old Auction Mart, 87 Camp street, at eleven
o'clock—
A GENERAL ASSORTMENT OF NEW and SEC
OND-KAND FURNITURE, sucu as Rosewood
Mahogany and Walnut Bedsteads. Arno.is, Bn
ream. Withstands, Parlor Furniture. Marble Top
Centre Tables, Carpetdl French Plate *TTcrs
Mattresses, Cooking Stoves, etc.
also.
A large invoice of Cottage Beds Cai.e •e.d Woad
Seat Chairs. Also. Upright and Square e.auos of
Pleyeb Fane aud other maculae tone*.
ALSO,
AN IMMENSE STUCK <»F NEW FURNITURE Of
all description at private sale.
Terms—Cash ns#
GOOD HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, CARPETS
MIRRORS, ETC., AT AUCTION, REMOVED
FOR CONVENIENCE OF SALE AT OLD AUC
TION MART, NO. 87 CAMP STREET.
SCTC'ESSION OF EDWARD W. PIERCE.
B Y K. HI. Ac h. j. .MONTGOMERY
R. M. Montgomery, Auctioneer.—W;.. be sold
ou SATURDAY. October 14, 1171. at eleven o'clock,
at Old Auction Mart, No. 87 Camp street, by virtue
and in pursuance of an order of tiie Hon
orable Louis Duvigneaud. Judge cf the Second
District Court for the parish of Orleans, dated
October 5, 1371, No. of the docket of said
court—
GOOD MAHOGANY AND WALNUT BEDROOM,
Parlor and Diningroom Furniture, Carpets, Mir
rors, K.tcben Furniture, etc.
Terms—Cash in laiteil States treasury notes,
ocil 13 14
VALUAELE IMPROVED PROPERTY IN THE FIRST
DISTRICT.
SUCCESSION OF MARY LEVY. WIFE OF JOHN
CONNORS.
Second District Court for the parish of Orleans—
No. 33,192.
B Y R. M. de B. J. .MONTGOMERY,
P.. M. Montgomery. Auctioneer—Will be sold
on SATURDAY'. October 14, 1371. at twelve o'clock,
ar tiie St. Charles Auction Exchange, basement St.
Charles Hotel, by virtue and in pursuance of an
order of the Hou. Louis Duvigneaud. Judge of the
Second District Court for the bgrisli of Orleans.
No. 33 192 of the docket of said court, dated Sep
temberfi. 1371—
A CERTAIN LOT OF GROUND, together with
the buildings and improvements thereon, s'tuateil
in the Fust District of tins city, in tiie square
bounded by Tehoupitoulai, Giro,l Ni tre Dame and
Magazine streets, measuring 29 feet 3 inches aud 7
lines front on Girod street, by 114 feet 7 inches and
2 hues in depth, between parallel lines.
P an exhibited at place of sale.
Terms—Cash inUuited States treasury notes.
Act of sale, including United States in.te: :..1 reve
nue stamps at the expense ot tlie purchaser, before
notary public. aeii 17 24 id 13 14
By Charles E. Fortier,

Fl KSITl'KE! FURNITURE
SUCCESSION OF D.
STELLA.
B Y Cil.YKLES E; KORTII K, AUCTION
eer—office No. 25 Exchange pia. e— TUESDAY'.
October 17, 1871. at half-past ten o'clock A. M will
be sold at public auction, on the premise.,. No. 11«
Poydras street, next to the coiner of Camp strict—
ALL THE FURNITURE, contained in said prem
ises, and helougiog to said sue, ession. consisting
oi Rosewood ami Maliogonv Parlor Sets, chande
liers. Bedsteads, Ariuoirc. Centre Tables, ete.
Ail of said furniture will be sold without any
limit whatever.
Terms—Cash in United States ire tsurv aotes.
OC1.14T
By A. Huston.
HORSES AND MULES.
Tri-weekly sales of fine saddle aud harness horsei
work miilri, top and open b iggies, names*
etc., at auction.
B Y A. HUSTON, AUCTIONEER —OFFICE
No. 199 Giavier street— Will he sold on
TUESDAY, THURSDAY and SATURDAY of every
week, at eleven o'clock A. M., at stable* corner of
Gravier and Baronne streets—____
Fine saddle and harness HORSES and MARES,
good work MULES, new and second-band top and
open buggies, wagons, etc. Out door sales at
tended to"
Terms— Cash in United States treas ur y notee.
eat la
___AUCTION SALE S.
By C. X. Oirardey ft Co.
PROPERTY ON THE CORNER OF COMMON ANB
ROMAN STREETS
SUCCESSION OF ELL8N AMES, DECEASED.
WIFE OF FRANK J. AMES.
Second District Court for the pariah of Orleans,
No. 34.712.
B Y C. E. GIRARDKY A CO., Auc
tioneers, Nicholas J. Hoey, Auctioneer—Office
No. 17 Exchange place.—SATURDAY, Octo
ber 23, 1371, at twelve o'clock M., at the
Merchants and Auctioneers' Exchange, on Boyal,
between Canal aud Customhouse streets, by virtue
of an order of the honorable the Second District
Court for the parish of Orleans, dated September
20. 1871. wiii be sold by public auction, for account
of said succession, the loilnwing described proper
ty, to wit—
A LOT OF GROUND, with ail the buildiugM and
improvements thereon, tn the First District of this
city, being iot No. 1 of the square No. 28, bounded
by Common. Roman, Prieur and Palmyra streets,
and measuring 27 feet 5 inches and 2 lines front on
Common street, by 120 feet 2 inches and 0 lines in
depth and fronton Roman street. 131 feet 1 inch and
4 lines 1:1 depth on the line of lot No. 2B, aud 27 feet
in width in the rear.
Terms—One-tliird cash, and the remainder at
one and two rears' credit in notes of the purchaaer,
bearing interest of eight per cent per annum from
date or sale until final payment, with the clause of
fire per cent attorney's fees in event of suit, and
secured by special mortgage aud vendor's lien, and
inaurance of property aud transfer of podey to the
administrator; purchasers to assumejiayment, over
and above the bid, of all taxes for 1371.
Act of sale and United States stamps at the ex
pense of the pnrehaser, before Christoval Morel,
Esq., notary public. _ se24 oc7 1411 28
IMPROVED PROPERTY'
IN THE FIRST AND SECOND DISTRICTS.
SUCCESSION OF AUGUSTE CUXBY.
Second District Court for the parish of Orient!*—
So. 34,740.
B y c. e. girardey Ac co„ auction
eer=—Nicholas J. Hoey. Ancltmeer—Office No.
17 Exchange place—SATURDAY. October U, 1*71. at
twelve o cluck M., at the Merchants ami Auction
eers' Exchange, on Roval, between Canal and Cus
tomhouse streets, in this eity of New Orleans, by
virtue of an order of tlie honorable the Second Dis
trict Court for tlie parish of Orleans, dated Sep
tember 9 1371. will be sold by public auetion tlie
following described property, belonging to the suc
cession of Auguste Cuney, deceased, to wit—
1. A LOT OF GROUND, together with all the bui'd
ings and i mprovements thereon, in the First District
of this citv. being designated as iot No. 7 of the
square No. 33. boumled by Melpomene, Mannsel
(now Magnolia) and Clara streets aud the d.vision
line of the Nun's faubourg; said lot measures 31
feet 7 inches front on Melpomene street, by 127 feet
9 inches in depth Iietween parallel lines.
2. A LOT OH GROUND, together with all the
buildings and improvements thereon, in the Second
District of this city, in the square bounded by Vil
lere, Marais. Bienville and Customhouse streets,
measuring 19 feet 10 inches front ou Villere street
by 60 feet in depth, French m**«u:e.
Terras—One-half cash and the remainder at
twelve months' credit in notes of tho purchasers,
bearing interest of Oight per cent per annum from
date or sale until final payment, secured by special
mortgage and vendors'lien, anil clause of five per
cent attorney's fees in event of suit to enforce pay
ment of the notes; improvements to be kept tally
insured, and policies transferred, and purchasers
to assume pavmeut, over and above the amounts
of adjudication, of all taxes for the year 137L
Act of sale and United States stamps at the ex
pense of the purchasers, before A. D. Dorioeourt,
notarv public. seli 23
CONSTABLES' SALES.
Peter Bass* vs. Mrs. risreader—Fifth J no
nce Court tor the parish of Orleans, Right
Bank, No. 139.
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OP FIERI FACIAS, TO
me directed by the Hon. C. L. Sweet, Fifth
Justice of the Peace in and for the parish of Or
leans. I w.U proceed to sell at public auction, ou
SATURDAY, October 14, 1371, at twelve o'clock
M., at my wareroonis, on Patterson street, opposite
the Third District Ferrv Landing—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.
Seised in the above entitled suit, ike per inventory
ou file in my office.
Terms—Lash on the spot.
H. W. FARROW,
oc5 114- Constable Fifth Justice Court.
Daniel MrDavltt vs. B. J. Berbery—
S- corn! Justice Court for the parish of Orleans,
No. 6.
B y virtue of a writ op fieri facias
to me directed by the Hon. W. L. Evaus, Second
Justice of the Peace in and for the pariah of
Orleans. I will proceed to sell at public auction, on
TflUSSDAY, October 19, 1371, at twelve o'clock M..
»t No. 117 Eollvar street, between Perdido and
Gravier streets—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and
edicts.
Seized in the above cause, as per inventory ou
flic in my office.
Terms—Casli on the spot.
oc-1 14 9 A. J. DAVERN. Constable.
A. Rorhereau Co., Agents. v». Ceeelia
Ilixon—Third Justice Court for the parish of
Orleans, No. 6644.
B y virtue of a writ op fieri facias
to me directed liy tlie Hou. John P. Montamat,
Third Justice of the Peace in aud for tlie parish of
Orleans. I will proceed to sell at public auction,
on MONDAY. Octolier 23, 1371, at 12 M., at my ware
house. No. 85 Bienville street, the following de
scribed property, to wit—
ONE LOT OF FURNITURE.
Seized in the above entitled and numbered suit,
per inventory deposited at my office.
Term*—1'ash on the spot.
ocU 19 22 WILLIAM WEEKS. Constable.
Paul Lserolx vs. John Klaiss—rievenlk
Justice Court for the parish of Orleans, No. 223.
B Y VIRTUE OF A WRIT OF FIERI FACIAS. TO
me directed by the Hon. P. Gallaher, Seventh
Justice of tlie peace in and for the parish of Or
leans. wiii proceed to sell at public auction, ou
tlie corner of Magazine and Dclachaise streets, on
SATURDAY, October 21, 1371, at 12 o'clock M.,
to WH
OSE HORSE AND CART and a lot of HOUSE
HOLD FURNITURE, aud a WAGON. The wagon
not having brought two-thirds of its appraised
value, on 1 he first sale, it will be sold for whatever
it mav bring.
Seized in the above numbered and entitled suit.
Terms—Cash ou tue spot tn United States cur
rcncy.
I. B. E. LAICHB,
0412 !S2i Constable Seventh Justice Court.
P. (j. Gilbert vs. O. Fort—Third Justice
ourt for the pariah of Orleans, No. 6593.
B y virtue of a writ OF fieri facias
to me directed by the Hon. John P. Montamat,
Third Justice of the Peace iu anil for the parish
of Orleans, I will proceed to sell at public auction,
on TUESDAY', Octolier 24. 1871. ar twelve o'einck M.,
at my warehouse, No. 38 Exchange alley, the fol
lowing described property, To wit—
ONE LOT OK FURNITURE.
Seized '.n the above entitled and numbered suit,
per inventory deposited at my office.
Terms—Cash on the spot.
ocl 1 19 24 WILLIAM WEEK*. Co
Jnmrw K. t(ninn vs. Mr. and Mrs. Fsowell—
First Justice Court for the parish of Orleans,
No. lo€6.
B y virtue of a writ of fieri FACIA? to
me directed by the Hon. H. 51. Dibble, Fust
Justice of the Peace in and for the parish of Or
leans, I will proceed to sell at pub.ic auction,
a* mv wareiionse. No. 139 Julia stree". ou TUESDAY,
October 24. 1371, at 12 M.—
ONE LOT OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.
S ized :u the above entitled and numbered suu,
as per inventory on file in ciy oitfc»
Terms—Cash on the snot.
ocl119 24 DANIEL CROWLEY. Constable.
S HERIFFS SALES. __
Louis .'lathe rs. 'succession of Archibald
Barron. i
F ourth district court for the pjr:.s»
ot Or! •aas. No. 25.656 —By virtue of a writ of
seizure and sa'e to me directed bv tho honor
ab'.e the Fourth District Court for the iiarish
of Orleans, ia the above entitled cause, I
will proceed to sell at public auction, at
the Sierch Hits and
P.fi
In
,f this city, in the square bouud-d
by Bav.ui rend. Gaiviz Johnson and Barracks
streets, a;. 1 meaSiliihgabout tiff seven feet three
inches ft-o.it on Bayou load, b> about one hundred
and thirty-four fe.-t three inches in depth 1111 the
line toward Johnson stiver, atid forty.five feet 011 a
first depth and about ninety-seven feet one --.el,
a .second dc-p h on t.n- line toward aud fronting on
Gaiviz street, aud aout twenty-eight feet trout
on Barracks street, sci ording to a plan of A. Cas
taing. au-fi'.reot: together with all the rights.iva's
privileges and dependeDeies thereunto belonging
or iu anywise anpertaming; and sixteen shares of
the capita, •♦•irk- of tiie fit'gens' Bank of Louis
..ii.x f**-t.'im*<l »v mortal*4* on said prm**rtv
i. A LOT GROUND, situate*! iu thr Second
Pi** i.t-t or this t'ly, ii* by tlie number
°i V cornpn*... 1 within Bayou road.
H.giilaiid. B irr.w*k.s and GdiVcz streets, accord!, tr
to a p;an drawn be L. Sm-i laft* a stiTwvo* d t?,.1
the twelfth <la.v ot November lMb and deposited
m tlie office ot Joseph Oiviliier. notary -u* lilic iu
tnis citv. w.t:c.i saul lot, of a triangular form,
u:easu:ea sixteen teet three inches front on Bayou
load. lorty-MrTen fret eight inches iron- on said
'»a:vez street, and forty five feet on a diagonal li-.e
1 minus; ti oil "Bayou road to Galvez street. To
gether wit.: a*t the buildings ami improvement*
t ne:eon, r^hts. ways privileges aud dependencies,
«aunt exception or reservation.
The properties herein firstly and second'v de
scribed were purchased by tlie late Archibald Bor
rou from the succession of Alexander Beraauiiui,
Jr., as per two several acts passed before Ab ide J.
Ker. a notary public in this citv. both beariusi da:©
tlie fourteenth of April,
Seized in the above auit.
Pl; n thereof will be on exhibition at the exchange.
Terms—cash on the spot.
C. 8. 9AUVOTT,
23 pc 14 BUpriflTof the 9*