fn America was never more forcibly proved than in the
unique, artistic desizn which mw arked even the simplest
articles of home manufacture. The excerable weather of
Raturday pereeptibly deeredsed the number of buyers,
but the salesmen were Kept moder itely buay, and nearly
every passenger by ferry or hy horse was
fncumbered with bundles of most wy sterions shape. Toy
shopa were, of course, the best patronized of all the es.
tahiishments, Dolls of every conc ivable disposition
snd temperament were dealt ont in prolific numbers,
Yorrible, {allusions to “blown up steam engines,”
chopped-up mee tr,” “chopped-up monkey,' occasion
ally were heard passing between salesmen and thought
fui looking ma‘rons, to the painful consternation of the
uuimtiated in the mysterios of modern juvenile mnuse
ments, Frequently there could also be heard anomalous
demands, sneh as for a dollar steam engine,” or for
“fifty cent firc-proof safe,” all of which
were wholly unintelligible to the old people
w hose recollections of toys dated back to another AZe.
Thatany one should have ventured to face the severities
of Saturday night implied a certain heroism. The
anmy atmosphere, the torrents of unpleasant water
whieh deluged everything, the sleety fntermittent rain.
«nl the dangers of walking, caused by the sudden thaw,
wom good and sufficient reasons for staying indoors, even
ut the rick of disappointing an expectant friend of a
Jiesent, or worse atfll, of disappointing an expectant
Lonsehold of the bi-yearly turkey. But ench a thing was
vot dreamed of for moment, and those who had not
vide their patchiases before went forih to their labors
i spite of tog and slash, To the markets there were
wchts enongsh to grate on the most ardent lover of
fonestic oacitement. The poorer Classes, whose
Latkes is 1ovalably deferred until the end of the
Cay, mustered au sous force, merry and full-hearted,
a ous ehilied hy the damp Ary oue of their delivers
ooze ve Larned from ther good behavior and temper
thal ibete is wore baoanity 1 bem an is credited.
THE CRARITABLE INSAITUTIONS AND CHILDREN,
The anual custom of providing the ianates of the va
Floas har table dnsbtutious with extra dinners, giving
to (hey ae are in the prevailing bappiuess, and so ap
pealing to ther bolier mstinels, will receive due atten
ton te dav. At the Five Pomts Mouse of Industry there
w be <oivsers di the chapel at roon, a dinner to the
dren and ontdeor pens ners at 1 pom, and serv
boom the afternoon trom 2 anti 4. A Chrustings tres
vl be a eure of the cecasion, there being Wy 8 enough
to supply sw chadhien,
oe cies of the Howard Micon will he open at 10
ao aL and anper will be eaten aboat neon. The aiving
resent de, wall commence immediately alterward,
atv itluend «will be closed at 2. About $20,000 is re
red or Le support of the Mission for the coming
ear, and for ths sum the muon gers must rely alinost
«tipecly on voluntary eontribuions, The su of $0 will
ropport oda the anstitution for a year.
A bo ti feast will be provided for the destitute at
too bar crontts Refuge, Ward's Isiand, by the Comnniis
w oonerso! Dnagration. On Mouday last, 1,90 exiles were
bong on dhe Island, aud iis expected that by Christ
voas bres the momber will bewaterially increased. Dine
porowil oe provided at 1 o'clock for about L500
de pie, nt wii consist of roast turkeys, beef, pudding,
Nn the usual concomitants of charitable feasts
Ce prac pal home of tue nevwsboys, iu Park-place, 1s
Doey with preparations for the generous feast to be given.
Corp tie os brings no rest to the newaboys, so thst their
fast with (ake place at the fashionable hour of ¢4 p. m.,
when 45 tions, after tear urd day's Work, are e pected
to al down to a bounteous dinuer, consisting ol beet,
Votes, ooo tat, and other luxuries, At the couciusivi
ol tin roa alse daneous entertainment will iu
given by id hors these es, Couprising singing and
me Leh an ex-newsbhoy will deliver an appro
Gul eros address,

inate oon to the holiday dinner, which will be pre
Corte dol mot le hes, fo Randall's Island Nursery, a
cr obal feast es to be provided for the sick and convales
onto, A eoneert will tuke place in the eveing
Vooothe baree hood of the asy iam, when some excelent
yom Wilh be tendered by a welettamed choras of 40
vod Jie Comuissioners 0. Charities and Correction
i ater, alse, that their varioas almshouscs, lanatie
wo ms, and chanty nospitais will cach be provided
v hws apptopiiode Chlistmnas treat,
Phe Pre ooin, Mr. A. BR. Wetmore, of the New-York
Mosenie A vlan, will provide the dinner for the ehif
oon ak the Asya, to toe pumber of about 600, and 100
fone ow host down to disuer at the House of Reception,
Loot Phorteo th of, A Christmas tree will be farpished
to cach place, the presents and toys tor which are tare
2s oy Lhe volaiie cr trackers of Liese estabiishilueut-,
3 toe A vat, One bundred-and seventy sixth-st,, a
1 nee os conoort will take place in the evening, the
Vote nial Louse belug furnished by the juvenile
LEE ITE SUTIN
Le deoging houses of the Children's Aid Rociety
vol furs peda entertainments on Chiistinas day.
Jo wo bion to tue Newsboy 8 Hone, a'ready weutioned,
There gre four Bouses ul refuge under the care of the so
Coty, and ns fedy expected that over 1,0 children of
Voorh seve wil partivivate in the various feasts pro
NMieed by 1h society for then.
the Juventle Guardian dociety will give Christmas
domes at the Cay wission school, No, 101 Bt, Mark's
U co at 1 apn, aud at the Bowery Tndusirial 8 hool,
MT
Noo Bowery, at 2p.m. At the toriner school about
“oretifdren wild be teasied, snd at the latter about S00.
Toe xooasea will be of a wost interesting hind.
CA Chine ns diner will be furnisied to the inmates of
the Female Guardian Society, No. 29 East Twentyninth
ro Divine services will be held there during the apn
#oropoate sacred iusic will be gang by the girls.
At th Protostant Halt Orpuan Asyluin, West Tenth-at.,
a comt 150 young people will sit down to a hearty din:
0. provided by Mr J. MM. Bradley. Curistmas pres.
«ocd tows will be disizibated during toe evening,
vo beellovitle, NU J, a Christmasstrec, prepared by the
Pores ot the vilage, will be presented] to the Chinese at
Capl. Meivey's jauudry.
c———i—
Ihe day will be eclebrated with the usual
Crt ias services in the Episcopal and Roman Catholic
sur hee which bave, with very few exceptions, heey
e a oratoly decorated for the occasion. At St. Patnek’s
ath dre in Mulberry-st,, Mozart's Mass No. 12 will be
pone on the merting, Archoishop MeCloskey officiating
ar the alter, The decorations are profuse, and arranged
Witt itch 1 ste,
~t stephens Chareh, ing East Twenty cizht-st,, is
tote odr ently decorated. The music will congist of
Moo= Comer al ing, with a new arrangement for an
or etre the hymn Adestes Fideles,” for band ud
Choris, aon the afterroon Mercadante's Vespers,
At ihe Clare of thegRedeemer (German), in Third-st,,
y ooattonpt ot decoration bas been made, but a gorgeous
popresentition of the cradle of Bethlehem will be dis
Jove for the first tive, The flzures, which were im
potted from Lavope, are of wax and hie-size.
A rine Charcly, tee pulpit and tont, lectern and side
«ore on Clamber, and doors are neatly festooned
with Lonel, The windows on the side aisles are orna
Yo LVoa Wika ost letoe, boliy and springs of hemlock, en
twined, Oyvor the doors leadiug to the robing-rools ure
cromses of Loveland Lolly, beneath which are arches of
$oy ona tao Loge bemlocka The font and lectern are
dooned woth wrcatis, and the puipit is festooned with
vaverar on. Two ctmsou panels ou the altar are in
ve bed with the words:
Into us a Child is born,
rious a Sou is given,
1" rood corn, decorated with flowers, will be placed
woeroms pot of the chancel willy in honor of the reason,
vad tomovets of choice flowers will rest on the
Compu lard bpustle sides of the altar. The organ
Homer 1s havdsomely dressed with festoons
vo toate, aod hemlock trees are to be placed in the
perch Morning prover will begin at 53 o'clock, aud the
grand soaveee al 11. The Rev. Dr. Ogilby, the Rev,
Googe bor onson, and the Rev. Mr. Kimble will officiate
pocoth crvices, and the Rev, Dr, Dix will preach at the
Tavier. Lie 10hiowing is the order of the services:
Yroes one Mymy 47 svcient and modern--** lotro,” Hymn 42 an
pt vt eae HL Go Tunder, Kyrie” Recond Mass, Mozart, “INi
cone ted second Mass, Mozart. Sermon. Offertory, Bepedictus,
twelfth M. ss, Jiczant He bie sci who cometh nthe pame of the
i Hee a pothe Lgtest,” UC Rarsam Condn” Tallis,“ Nauctus,'’
second Mae Mota Aguas Dei decong Muss, Mozart. Glora
o Faerlus  mocoad Mass, Mozart, “Naee Dimittis' Recessional
Pome 40 acento ant nodern—"Hark! the Herdd Angels Ning.”
borers e— Process onal Hymn 42, speent and modern. Proper peal,
Cantuel ont. tv Bevetie” chant. Recessional Heron 43 ancient
oo Lwatern bese the usanl choir there will be au orchestra of 42 se
Ci I tans "s
a
At Bt Tuomas Courcn an rin-ave, there wid he a
sioriae service at Tha. me, with Christmas hymns and
rarois. and more service with the ey) Comruunion
ot 11 o'ock. The music will be rendered by the regular
oar of 3% webs, under Geo. Wm. Warren, organist,
oA schicken, assistant organist, and A. Toulwin,
borpist, The folowing is the programme
Carol Hosauns w Hivg Dav d's Sou,” Cutler; Processional! Hrmn—
vumee Fide on Ver pe—8tL Grogorian Tove: Te Dyvnm Lsndamus,
Vooiaie Deo—Prowm Nerviee iu D major: lutroit, Selection 66 (3
via), 10 a Cooral by Redhead; Rite and Gloria libia, from
we vx tub: Hymn 40: ‘Hark the Herald Angels Koy:
dr yron— Glare te Gud ju the Highest" Moar;
phertore 4 rpwimeos Hymn (Cantigue de Noel), Ado ph Adaw Carol:
verte Adore ows Dominum Ter dasetus—from Nerviee iu PD; Hyim
Nevo Cnr atime” Haodel; Glona in Eecelsis—Anthem 1s F major;
Ceewonn Home Brightest asd Best. Avon.
Ihe cuuich is tastodolly decorated with large ever
reen trees, and lowers in the chancel, and wreaths on
Le patyat, I oetorn, and fout
Tue wueic ab Curist Cuwrcl in Fifth-ave. wili be as
Ions:
Proeos onal “0 Come al) ve faithful Venite and Baulms chanted
sobpboually Te Dean, Caroger 8 bo arthe.  Guory 1+ 10 God on
Mab, row Mozart's Twelfth Maps, byna “Iori the herald sngels
sig" anthem, C sbomt the Glad Tuwiuge offertory, ‘The God of
Ire Rossin,
Le music is under the direction of Dr. Catler with the
hp Flt of forty-five volces arranged in the gallery
and chancel,
Al si Alvan’s Church, fu Lexlvgton-ave., the services
aul begin at au early bour and last ucarly through the
day. The churehisheantifully decorated with evergreens,
aud the chancel has beew, almost covered with Howers.
J be decorations, voluimiig of leavy wreaths of ever,
gicous aud a profusion of flowers, A star three feet in
Cau ter has been plated {no the chance), The decors
tons will remain aud the same wus will bY sULK OD
Sunday neat.
en —s
The Germans were busy veslerday in making
tual preparations for Christmas eve, the Ger
man family festival, 8 feature of which
f¢ a brilliantly flumivated Christmas tree
decorated with Loyy, eonfectioners, And hohflay gifts for
tie young. As the weather was delightful whe principal
Gerivan thoroaglfares, the Bowery, Division, Grand,
sud Houstou-sts, Aveuue A aud other streets were
crowded by is Be who patronized the shops where
Doliday goods were Lo be purchased,
The Geriuan Churches which were largely attended
Aung the day were 11te rally decorated with Christmas
trees, lowers gud ov GZ Lye,
To day the Christ. ost ivitfes among the Germans will
#-fume more pubs oc huracter. The numerous Geri
soc) and I ustcr: a0 wom aad hie Turner and beliul zen
ul fubiativie UAVs Loo. aeatividjes at their respective
his, elgg 5 Lote, and the @istribution of
Christinas @ifte,
Tho Bangerrunds Youd oeiely gave a Chrietinas soiroo
PUILe Gaba As Koons, Must eveutng, whieh
ia fawiing CLristias gilts. Tho New York
IN THE CHURCHES.
AMONG THE GERMANS
Mannerchor wgive a gotres and ball thia evening at the
c¢inb-house of the Lase Verein, Firty.nith-st. wad
Third-ave. The Beethoven Minnerchor wii Sn
chiidron's Christmas festival at its etub-house in Fifth-st.
this afternoon, whieh will be followed a ball in the
evening, The Turn Verein of the Weal Bide will engage
in Christmas festivities at the Turn Hall in Spring-st.,
which will be attended by a drawing for
Christinas gs The Suavian Ringerbund
will engage in Christmas festivities at the Walhall, in
Orchard-st., which will also include a distribution of
Christmas gifts, The Liederkranz will give a children’s
Christmas fete at Licderkranz Hall to-morrow afternoon,
for which extensive preparations have been made by
committee appointed for that purpose.
ntl
AN APPFAL FOR THE SOLDIERS" ORPHANS
RAN AL BR F440 84 FB ANLYS JF 74 Woodard inde i -_amae
The poor laborers and petty officials are not
the only ones made to suffer by the corruptions of those
who lield the municipal credit in ther hands, hat the
children in the institutions for the Orphans of Soldiers
and Sailors are also seriously affected, Under State leg:
islation a certain sum per capita, according to age
is allowed these orphans, hut recent events have
stripped the Homes of this assistance, and now
they Lave to fall back on private chanty,
already heavily taxed. On the 1st day of Jann
ary, 1972, the Patriot Orphan's Home, at Flashing, will
he compelled to close its doors for Lick of funds to sup=
port the 60 chudren wow there, and soe other provision
will Lave to be ace for them. The Union Home for the
Orphans of Soldiers and Bailors, at Onehandredand
fittyv-tirat-st. aud Teuth-ave,, now contains 25 childien.
In order 10 take some of the inmates from the Fiushing
Home, rooms now occupied tor other purposes wil! he
converted into bedroowns, and those of the chlldren who
have mothers, or what are kuown a8 bau
orphans, whl hive to go cther to their
surviving parent ol to the Almshonse,
Mr. David Toot, one of the nymacers, iz constanty in
receipt of letters making apulica ton tor the admission
of cinltiren. AU entire orphiing will be received, even
if 11 shold be found necessary to turn away all the haif
Arphans,
Chnstinas will be celebrate 1 at the Union Home next
Wednesday, Tho eaoreises will begin at 1 o'clock pre
cigely, ut wld tite Gen. Nye will be present. Already
vany gifts or tovs, cepa, comforters and such articles
have been received, and one genticinan has sent Mas.
Hove $100, to we used toward furnisinng the Christmas.
trec. In the meantime Aomations, which are earnestly
solicited, (oan be sent 10 Mra, Admira) Farragut, No. 113
Foa-t Thirty <ivihi-<t., Mrs, Judge Daly, No.si Clinton
paces Mr David Hoyt, No. 128 East Forty sixthi-st,, or
direct to the Home, at One hundred and Hity firat-st, and
Tenth ave) The charitahle are nrgent!y requested to
bear on mind that the Lostitution is absolutely and cone
plewciy out of lunds, aud its walls ale tberctore iumedi
ate: it] Drees <siyioc
tl
CTIDISTVMAS IN BROOKT. YN.
(‘hristmas will be observed hy the churches
in Brooklyn with appropriate gervicea, The edifices
base been tastefully decorated with the evergreen, avy,
and Lolly. In most of the prominent sanctuaries musi.
cal programiues bave been prepared, and will be ren.
dered by select choirs and with the accompaniment of
eran aud brass bands, At StoAnn's on the Hights, the
Rev. Noah Hunt Schenck, D. Do, Rector, the chines will
Ting out a Christmas Anthem previous co the commene
ing of the services, at 10:20,
At 81. Peter's Episcopal Church (the Rev. John A,
Paddock, rector), the Sunday ~chool anniversary will he
held this evemng, when there will be a distribution of
grrts and the sineine of carols,
At the Roman Catholic Church €t, Charles Borromeo,
Mocart’s Twelfth Mass will be roi dored by the choir and
a full eborug and orchestra, A «olen Hizh Mass will be
celebrated at 103,
Al the Cathedral Inydn'a Mass No. 2, will be
sung by the chor, and at the Church of Ou Lady of
Mercy, Hayvdu,g Mass No 16, with the Credo Saneins and
Agnus Dei from Mozart's Tweltih Mass, At St, Peter's
apd st Pan's Church the masic will include Haydn's
Miss No, 2, with orchestral accompaniments, al 6 a. mi.
sowections from Mercadante and Rossing, at 103 a.m,
Collections will be taken up ir all the Roman Catholic
ClLurclies for the benefit of che orphans,
A fine selection of wmasie will also be Jenfirmed at the
Elu-place Congregational Chureh, the Kev. Henry
I’'owers pastor.
The Plymouth Bethel will provide a treat for the chil
ur ou.
The immates in the varfons eharitable Homes™ and
Ary igs will be proy ded with a Christmas disuer,
GENERAL NOTES,
a
Smith is a favorite name in Indianapolis. So
fast dues the race of the ubi paitous Joun increase that
the ost hiberal variations in orthography have to be
resorted to in order to keep the different branches dis
tinct. One cuterprising woman has been mariwed five
tues, and has ended, as she began, with the delighital
pale. She was horn Svoth, muaerwed first a smith, then
ARehmid!, next a Smythe, neat a Sunthe, and finally a
ston the,
People who are willing to eleep shut up
He a juck-Euite will be deliguted to know of anew pro
cess of wsunng longevity. A California seicntist, whose
head like his back must be a trifle weak, declares that he
has prolonged his life by sleeping with his finger tips

touching his toes, and has invented a mache to hold
the body tn that graceful and pleasant porition. He
contends that the “vital electric currents’ —on the
principle we suppose of the amoke-consnming stove—
“are tims Kept in even cirenmflow, instead of being
thrown off at the extremities and wasted.” There 18 no
patent upon the great discovery, and any one with a sut
Hewently supple back is of comrse tree to try the experi
lent,
There is nothing like a good lively neigh
borhood quarrel. It exeites a cheerful spirit of cwnla
tion, and adds incaleulable value to the amu ge by in
ereasing its stock of choice epithets, It also encourages
a spirit of invention, as was illustrated ‘recently in a
fend of this kind in Detroit. The battle was flagging
sadly, when one of the belligerents brought alparvot mito
requisition to keep up the feeling, When the man of the
bustile house passed the door, the parrot from its posi
tion in a front window made him uncomfortubly con
sprenous hy shouting, You thief!” and when the woman
started for w walk she wae informed with the most nor
titving publicity that «he dyed her hair. los expen
nent bronghit matters to a crisis at ounce, and the arm of
the law was sought for au injunction upon the parrot,
In Portland, Me, when they were expecting
the Grand Duke to visit them, The Portland Press lifted
up its voice against the use of the city woney in giviug
iis Highness a voception, The Press could “think ot
nothing more ahsurd, aud of hardly anything more
wicked,” than spend:ng mouev on Grand Dukes, while
the poor remain unclothed, unfed, and uniustructed.”
From this are we to anfer that the poor of Portland are
at present in this melancholy eonditiont It so, let then
be ted, clothed, and instructed at once with the money
which would have been pent if the Duke had appeared
there; for, whether he heard of the newspaper's protest
or not, to Portland he is not going. The Press 18 all tne
more economical just now because it was bad enough
to spend §700 for a few hours of Graut's {remenicns
Well, it wus rather a high charge for such a brief
rapture,
A movement has been set on foot for the pur
pose of restoring the Strisburg Library, and au Hono
rary Committee formed in America under the authority
of Count Bismarck-Boblen, the German Governor of Al
nace, to collect such offerings as may be made in America
toward the restoration of not only one of the oldest Lihra
ries in Europe, but #!s8v one of the most ancient
cradles of literature, The Committee include Prof. Noah
Porter, President of Yale College; Prof. Joseph Henry of
the Swithsonian Institute; Willan Culleu Bryant, editor
New-York Evening Post: A. R.8pofiord, esq., Librarian of
Congress; Edwin L. Godkiu, Woy editor of The Nation;
and wewbers of the prominent book publishing firins in
this country. Authors are invited to present coples of
their works, and publishers to send selections from their
lists, Reports of learned, and reprints of publishing,
societies, and duplicates from libraries, will be welcome.
Col. M. Richards Mucklé Public Ledger building, No. 600
Clhestnnt-st,, Puiiadelphia, and Mr. KE. Steiger, No. 22
Frankfort-st., New-York, have expressed their willing.
ness to take cLiurge of packages.
1t is possible that some portion of the wealth
of Chicago that melted into thin air ou the 9th of October
wis Seen again before it reached ultinate dispersion. A
paper recently read before the Royal Geological Society
of Dublin stated that Capt, Edwards of the Neptune, in
a passage from Quebec to Liverpool, found his vessel en,
veloped in the smoke and aches, as he bellaves, of the
burnt city. His report of the facts certainly indicates
plausible occasion for his belief. On the 12th of October,
al sea, In lat. 46° N., long. 36° W,, at about 4 p. 10., wind
blowing strong from W., he observed a dense cloud of
fog arise on the western horizon, which gradaally eame
up with and surrounded the vessel, and so continued
until midnight. From flest coming up with the ship
until Siearrls ofl there provalled a very strong smell of
burning w i, buth the captain and crew felt their eyes
wuch irritate ye the smoke, and the decks were strewn
with fine dust. At the tiwe, the ship was more than 2,000
miles froin Chicago. The fortucr owners of frame
houses in that city can therefore Lave the consolation
which Pat offered to the sbip-carpenter when he dropped
Nis hacnmer overboard: “Bure U's not lost, whin ye
Kuow where itis.”
wonth, Tor any cause, have failed to attend,
troller to be Bupervizors nitss he a separate net, on ne
count of (he constitutional provision us to title, and be
Caine Clty Charter should not provide for county oflicers.
be a in the Mayor and the Depurtineuls herein
slated.
of the Corporation shall be elected at the clection here
inhefore provided for, to be held on the second Tuesday of
A Missouri settler, on the Union Pacific
Railroad, strayed a few steps fu the woods, recently, in
quest of squirrels, provaded with only a single-barreled
guu. The first guuie he saw Was a bear of monstrous
proportions and unmistakable cannibal notions, He lot
fly at hruin as the amiable creature advaneed, hat missed
Lim. There was a race literally for mb or ite, and the
hunter succeeded, just us the cavernous jaws o
beast touched his skirts, in swinging pward ona Mir
table Ub, where he thought he was seeare, for a time at
least. The bear, bated in Lis ouset, adopted i Fabian
policy, grituly waited, sitting ou his haunches, fo victous
Chtitetipiation for the moment when his vietim should
descend, Bears, Bke mortals, lose patience, my
when the hunter was attempting to climb higher, the
brute was eunsbled to seize one leg, and tore
the foot awost completely off, ‘The wretched wan
jepdered frantic with pain, thrust one foot in a holiow
plot in the tree, and seizing his kite, made a strike at
April in cach year hereafter, and hold his office for the
term of one year, cotnmeneinig on the first Monday of
May next after his electdon. The first election tor Mayor
shall be at the slection hereinabove directed, to be held
ou the second Tuesday fn April in the year 171,
bents out of otlice for reasons nbove stated sd W Boards
of Alderiuen.
hi~ office, the President of the Board of Aldermen shull
aut us Mayor, and possess rights und powers of
the Board of gAllermen, when #0 acting us Mayor, to
sign or approve of sny ordinance or resolution of the
Board of Aldermen, unless the sickness, disability, or
Rlmcuoy of the Mayor shall have continned nt least ton
SKC. 23. Whenever s vucaney in the office
Ehull take place before the 20th day of October i
eur, the Board of Aldermen shall” order forthwith a
Le bear's head. The bear, with one vigorous sweep of
his paw, struck the weapon from the wan's hand for s
memeut the poor wretch gave himself up as lost, but
Rwddenly be remembered that bis pocket was filled with
Ralt, w hich he had intended for klieep. AL once salt wis
his safety. As the beast thrust his head up, buudiudl
of sult was droped squarely mto his wicked eyes, nnd
"i a Mayor, who ahall old office for the ad
ferin term.” And they i) fu ke maAner huve po
With howls of pain hie tell rupdiig and clawing to the
ground i
Rol 14. Deli g this ap A Vn oputlie mystom at
Ciel One of Lhe bear, the bubler passtd Wie day awd
night until ena, lou; witer oon of tee text day, the
Cpe py aliued by Lis cong nosed, searched Sac wood
les u a posiliun
wih ag 1 Det t in any yess
NFTW.VORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, DECEMBER 7. IB7L

i dorm such measures connactad with the
WHAT THE COMMITTEE OF SEVENTY
PROPOSES.
sn
AGAINST MUNICIPAL FRAUD—PROVISION FOR
MINORITY REPRESENTATION—ONLY ONE OF
FICE TO RE OELD AT A TIME=THE Uv
ERNOR EMPOWERED To REMOVE TIE MAYOR
FOR CAUSE.
WORK FOR THE
The subjoined draft of a new charter for
the City of New-York has been prepared by the Com
mittee of Seventy for submission to the ext lagisla
tare. Copies, it is said, for perisal in advance, have
already heen forwarded to every Beuator aud A=: ny
man eleet
AN ACT lo raorganize the Local Governmeut of tho
City of New York. rx
The Peapie of the State of New- Tork, represented In Sc
and Assembly, do enaet as follows:
ARTICLE IL
THR CORPORATE I'OWFRS. Shaws
SECT OrpOrstion Now existing and kno
by bor IN 5 al ny Aldermen, and Commoenalty
of the Clty of New-York shall continne to he a body cor
porate a) politie in fact and in name, hy the same name,
and ahall haye parpetual succession, with all the wits,
powers, aud Jrivileges heretofore held hy the Mp yor,
Aldermen, I, Commonalty of the Citi of New-York,
and not modified or repealed by the provisions hercinal
N 1s aul.
(er made by t ARTICLE IT.
ITOIST ATIVE POWER,
Sve. o The Je rislative Pet of the =aid Corporation
whl he vested ma Board of Aldermen, which «hall con
wisi of not wore dhl 46 wewmbers, one Sith to be elected
a< hereafter provided an each Senate district of the
City, AR NOW established hy law.
[No provision is wade for legislating out of oflice the
prescat boaid, as that will probably be effected by a
apecial act carly in the gesaion)
Rec. 4 There shall be Aldermen elscted at an election
to be held wrder this aet ou the second Tuesday of April
in the year 1472, and on the second Tuesday of the sau
month in every vear thereafter, to hold office for the
term of one vear from the first Monday of May next suc
ceeding cach und every such olection.
For details as to manner of holding elections aud ele
tan officers, &e., reference will he here made to
general Recistry or Election laws now existing, or to be
passed by the Legislature of Ini2,
Ske 4 At such election each qualified voter in each
Gorge Dustrict mar give not more than nine ballots,
upon each of which shall be printed or written the vamo
of one candidate for Alderman, Tae voter may give the
whole of hia ballots for one and th same candulate, or
may Alatribute them between nine different candidates
or 4 less nuinber, in such proportion a= he may see fit.
After the closing of polls ou the day os election, the cab
vass in each eloetion district of the Bente district shall
be complete l by aseertaimng, ass atm, and make
tng returns to the County Canvassers of the num
ber of ballots given tor each canhidate. From the
returns =o made the County Canvissers shall de
termine the names of the nine persons havin the largest
pumber of votes in the senate district, aivl they shail be
returned ns elected, Tu dhe event ol a vacancy or va
cancies arising by reason of Jess then ane persons being
vared for in any Senate district, such vaeaney or vacan
cies shall remain untitled for the ensuing year, In the
event of two or more of the persors voted for many
Sonate district having received an equal umber of
votes, under such eircnmstanees there shall be po fall
minhar of nine persons having received the highest
Lamoer of votes, the Aldermen elected at such elecion
hall widhnn ve days< after their organization, select
and determine, by tot, four among the suld persons so
hay re recerved an equal nmmber of votes, a monber
sihcent to make up the tui delegation of nine wee
bers [rota each senate district, and the persops so se
lected shall he deemed elected




sue. a In ease of vacancies by deaths or resiznations,
anon g in the whole to one vonrth of ta care
Hoard, ocenrriag before the 1st of Febitim vin aay year,
the said vacancies shall be tilled by new elections fo be
held in the respective Senate distriel, or districts mm
which the vacancies shall have occoured, at a tune to be
appointed by the Board, Sach elections aball be held in
tie manner and on the prineples preservibed in section
Ho nit Aas tae sone ave applicable.
ec, 00 A nugonty of the Board of Aldernca shall be
a Quorn.
sre. 1 smd Bowed shall 1. Choose 4 President from
its own members by a majonty of the members elected
2. Appom a clerk sud other ofhicars; G0 Deteriuine the
resol its own proceedings; 40 The hivtee of the rennrns
of election and the right of election and qualifications of
~own members; 5 Koep a journal ot ats proceedings;
6.o=it with open doors, except woen the pobdic weltare
shall require seereey coand 70 8ball have authority to
compel the attendance of absent members: to punish ita
wembers for disorderly heliavior, and to expel a mom
ber with the concurrence of four-fifths of the mewbers
elected to the Board,
mie. w The tirst meeting of the Board shall he held on
the iirst Monday in May after the election, at 5 o'clock in
the afternoon, and at ach me tug the Board shall ap
pont and deteriine the devs and hours for its stated
meets, provided that the our for opening stated or
aojonrned meetings shall be Caed between tae hours of
Sand sin the exening
Seco Every legsiative act of the Board shall he hy
re -oution or ordimanees; and every brdinance or resolu
tien, except as hieremadter provided, shall, betore at
takes effec, be presented, daly certitied, to the Mayor
tor his approval, Provided, however, that this section
shall not apply to the acts of the Board in appointing or
selecting commissioners or heads of Departinents,


SEC, 10, The Mayor hall <ign the same if he approves
it, or return the sane within 10 days if he does not ap
{Fove it, with the reason thaveror, and if therenpon the
vard Pune the same within tive days of such yotu by
majority of two-thirds of alt the members eleoted, It
shatl become effective ag though the Mayor had signed
the sane, It shall equally become eteetive If he should
neglect to return the same within such 10 days.
SEC. 1 No resolution or ordinance for a alii or
leasing any property of the city, or which involves the
appropriation of public mon: v8, or tho taxing or assess
ing the citizens of thie city, shall be passed or adopied
wtih at least two days after the same shall have en
airodueed and entered opon the journal; vor shall any
<ueh ordinance or resolution be passed or adopted unless
vu vote of two thirds of the members present, which
wind two-thirds hail constitute at leo «tw najority of the
wenthers elected, No additional allowance hevond the
leu) claim which exists under any coniract with the
Corporation, or 1or any services on iis account, shall be
posted except by a unanimous vote of all the members
iesent
Ske. 12. No resolution or ordinance appropriating any
money, or giving any property of the city, or loaning the
Corcdit of the city Wo any private eleemosynary or charita
Chie institution or purpose, shall be passed or adopted,
unless such appropriation, gift or loan, shall have been
frst reported upon favorably by the hereinalter created
Board of Charities and Correction; nor unless the sume
shall receive the wvoter of two-thirds of the members
preaent, which sald two-thirds shall constitute at least a
Cmimjority of the members elected,
SE. 13. No resolution or ordinance appronriating any
mouey of giving any property of the city. or loaning the
credit of the city to any private sducational institution
or purpose shall be passad or siloted, unless such appro
yrracton, gift, or loan shall have been frst Teparied upon
bend hy the hereinntter created Board of Publi
Justruction, nor unless the same shall receive the votes
of two-thirds of the mewmoers preseut, which said two
thirds snail constitute at least 4 majority of the mem
bers alected,
SKC. 14. The Clerk of the Board of Aldermen shall keep
thie seni of the city, and Wis signature shall be uecessury
to all leases, grauts, and other documents, as under ea
isting Jaws.
SEC. 16. Tmnediately after adjournment the Clerk shall,
avoiding all formal and technical detafls, prepare a brief
extract of all resolutions or ordinances introduced, and
ull reeommandations of Committees which propose or
contemplate any specitic improvement involving the ap
propriation of puldic moneys of the taxing or asscssing
the property of the citizens of the City. Such abstract
ghiall be published in doeament, for, together with the
abstret of the reports of the Departmegts hereinafter
provided for, which publication shall be known as The
City Record, and a file of which shall be kept in every
Depai tment of the City Government, Such publication
shall bea suthloient compliance with any law requiring
a publication od the procesdiugs of the Boara of Alder
nen,
he
Bx. 16. The Board shall have the exclusive power to
appropriate money by proper ordinance tor every branch
and object of city expenditure, and no mwoney shall he
drawn from the City Syenamry unless the sawe shall have
Deen Jrevionely SDPO ke hy the Board.
#1C. 17. The Board shall have power to make, modify
continue and repeal such ordinances, regulations and
resolutions as may be necessary to carry futo effect any
and all of the powers now vested in or by this act con
terred upon the Corporation, and shall have power to
enforce obedience thereto and obedience thereof by or
daining penalties for each and every violation, in sueh
sums ax way be deemed expedient, not exceeding $100,
FEC, 18, Except in soticipetion of the revenues of the
ewrrent year the said city shall not have authority to
borrow any moneys whatever en the eredit of the Cor
poration beyond the sums now authorized by law, unles
such loan shall be authorized by a ppl uct of the
Legislature passed after Abplication therefor made by
the Board of Aldermen or Mayor,
(Powers of aeseasinent, sirect opening and widening,
&c., &c., will be msde the subject of a separate act.)
Bic. 19 Each Alderiuan shail receive a salary or $2,000,
ul a wa SSS Raa seaak Ls sods raf a So emma ad: Adhd dbo gw eo a
wtated meeting of the Board that he shall during the
ARTICLE I].
THE EXECUTIVE FOWER,
A NEW CHARTER.
19+. 411) adhd ed did Pde Slr de 7
and Bnancon, 2 be aun! deom egpodiont. 3. To bo vigi
rit and active In causing the ordinances of tho city and
iaws of the State to be executed and enforced and for
that may oall togother for consultation and
 beration any Commissioners or other ity ofieora, A.
To call special meetings of the Board of Aldermen when
he shall deom il expediont Lo do no. 6. Generally to per
form all such duties a8 mav he prescribad for him by city
ordinsboes and laws of the Ntate, and the Mayor «tall he
ressponsihlo for the good order and efficient government
0 city.
a and ornament of the oly,
Jd 25. The Muyor mpy appoint auch experts, clerks,
and subordinates as lie may require to aid him in the dia
hare of his oficial duties, and such Commissioners of
Dopurtmenta and other officers of Departments a8 wre
Fo ho provided to be appointed by him.
pc. 26. The Mayor shal! receive an annual salary of
$15,000, [Provision also to be made for an allowance to
they Mayor to pas personal af Jf of experts, olerks, &c.,
for wich hie shill account.)
S10 He Mayor may be removed by the Governor
for caitse, th Lhe manner prov! [ad Dy Law in the ages of
Nhertis.
ARTICLE LV.
OF THE EXECUTIVE DEFAK (MEN 1s OF THE CITY GOVERN:
qr 94 Theres shall be the following other Dapart
ments mn sald City: ODepartiaent oi Public Works, De
partment oi Public Paris, Department of Docks, De
partinent of Pablic Charities and Correotion, Department
of Finance, Sinking Fund Colnnussion, Deparunout of
Low, Department of Public Instruction, Department of
Police, Department of Health, Departineni of Fire.
(The <n Lit three Departments, if not provided for by
some metropolitan district plan or olberwise, should be
here vniunerated.)
Ske. 20. la every Department there ahall be kept a
regord of all transactions, to be accessible to the publie
trom 3 0 6 n'cloek each day, and at the cad of each day
4 Lrief abstract shall be made oi all contriacis awarded
and made, sor work of every deseript:ion, a copy of
wioeh ahatract shall he trausmitied to the Clerk of the
Board of Aldermen for insertion in the Cy record,
Se, a0, The said Depurtwent shail, when called upon
hy the Mayor or Board ot Aldermen, make to him or
them, respectively, reports of the opurations and actions
of thi same. anda each of then, snd funsh tw him or
them such i ovation as he or they may demand within
siteh time as hie or they may direet, {Here mnsert a pro
vision as to iow the subordinate ofiisers and employs
of Departments shail be appointed, wh ‘ther hy the Com
wis ~ioners or otherwise] (Hers .psert the pr ovistons
Appicauic Call tie Departments, il there are any <uch.j
ARTICLE V
OF TITF DEPARTMENT OF PURLIC WORKS,
$3.31 The Comnissiouers of the Deparment of Pub
Le Works shall be tive in number, who shall be called
“Cotnmisstoners of Public Works,” and who shall be the
chef offers of this Department. Ona of said five Com
missionors shall be appointed by the Muyor batwean the
first and tenth days of May in cach year, The gr
four Commissioners shali be elected by the Board o
Aldermen within the same prriod, At such election
oneh Alderman shall give not nove than four open bal
lots, upon cacti of which shall be pn mted or written the
nave of one cundidate for the ctiice of Connmissioner,
and each of which shall be signed by the member
voting, Each Alderman may give the whole of
bis baliots for one and the samo candidate, or
may distribute them between tonr different ean
didntes or a less number me sich proportion is he may
see fit. The four persons having the largest nu nber of
votes shall be deemed elected, In the event of a Calne
to elect fone Commissioners hy reason of Seas than four
persons having bhesn voted for, or by reason of two or
more of the persons voted for having rocetved an ogual
pimber of votes under such circumstances that there
idl be no full sumber of four persons having received
the Dighest nmmber of votes, a new election for four
Cotnunissioners shail forthwith be held in the same man
ner. The Connulasioners so appointed und elected re
spectively shall bold office until their snccessors shall
bay e heen aphoinied or elected, unless removed as heres
matter provided.
Kio. 32. The Mayor way at any time remove the Com
inissioner appointed Ly him, und appoint another in his
place, at his pleasure, 1nd may remove any othar Com
i=SIODET OF Cals, ansiging M8 reasons to the Board of
Aldermen, in which case un majority of those members of
the Board by whose votes said Commissioner was chosen,
alitdl proceed to gieet another Counais-ioner in the place
of the one so remoy ed and the Board of Aldermen misy
al any time remove all the four Commissioners by them
lected (hat not any less ounsber than the whole), and
Glee four new Commissioners, in the manner provided
tn ihe lat preceding secon.
Sha, Jd. Whenover the words Chief Engineer of the
Croton Aqueduct Board,” or President of the Croton
Aqueduct Board,” or *Htrest Commissioner,” oceur in
any  caidniag law, ordinance, resolution, contraet, or
doenments, tuey shatl be deemed to mean the atoresaid
Connmnissioners of Public Works; and whenever, in any
law or in any ordinance or ohlization of the Corporation,
the words “Street Drpargaiet o or Croton Aqueduct
Hoard" occur, they shall be decmed and construed
hercafter to mean the Department of Public Works,”
aud the Commissioner thereof,
NEC, 34, The said Departinent shall have all the powers
aud fan: tious heretofore possessed by the Departinent
of Public Works now visting, and snch others as may be
i expressly conferred J. it by this act.
Rec, 5, [Here provides that the Department of Publio
Works shall have the June, &ec., of present Depart
ment of Buildings.) [AY:o here provide that this Depart
mpent shall have the same control that the Department of
Purks now has—of boulevards, streets, and avenues above
Central Park.]
SEC, 36. The said Department shall have cognizance
and control:
1. Of all structures and property connected with the
supply and distribution of croton water. 2. Of reunlut
ing, grading, lagging, curbing, guttering, and lHelting
streets, roads, places aud aveuues. OF the repairing
aud construction of public roads. 4. Of the care of pub
lic buildings. 6. Of the filling uy of sunken lots. 6. Of
public sewers and drainage. 7. Of atreet vaults. 8, of
paving, repaving, and repairing atreots, and kevping the
fame clear. [Here FIvvide for street-cleaning, if so de
termined.] 9. Of digging and constructing wells.  (In
sert also powers of Departinent of Public Buildings).
BEC, 37. There shall be the following bureaus iu this
Department. [Here reénact either section 79 of Charter of
1870, or make such redistribution of bureaus as is decwed
advisalle,] [Also insert, if deemed proper, sections 1,
12. and 14 of chapter 58 of the lnws of no]
~E(. 35. The Commissioners shall, at the firat meeting
after their appointment and election as atoresaid, choose
one of their own number for President, and another one
of their number for ‘Treasurer. [Provides for the at
tendance of one or mora of the Commissioners ut the
weetings of the Board of Ald rinen
Ric. 30. [Provides for saluries of President, Treasurer,
and Cominiseioners.)
ARTICLE VL
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF PI BLIC PARKS
Spo. 40 The Commissloners or ehief oticers of the De
partment of Public Parks shall be five in number, who
shisll be enlled Commissioners of Public Parks.” They
shill be appointed and elected respectively in the man
ner hereinbefore Provide aud prescribed for the ap
Printment and éleetion of Commissioners of Punlie
orks, and he suljest to removal in lke manner. All
provisions of rections 31 and 32 of this act shall be up
plicable to the Commissioners of Public Parks.
NEC. 41. The Department of Public Parks shall control
and manage all Jublie parksand all buildings therein, and
Riulic places, which are the realtyof the City ol New
ork.
NEC. 42. (Here ri‘enact the general Powers of the De
Rartent, Aas how existing, excepl as (ae salue may be
finited by the powers of the Departméut of Public
Works.
secs. 43 and #4, [Here add sections same as #8 and 49,
Supa.
ARTICLI VIL
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DOCKS,
Rr. 46. The Commissioners or chief officers ef the De
partment of Publle Docks shall be five in number, who
shall be ealled Commirsioners of Docks.” They shall
be appointed and elected respectively in the manner
hereinbefore provided and prescribed for the appoint.
ment and election of the Comnnissioners of Public Works,
and he subjected to removal in like manner. All the pro
visions of sections 81 und 32 of this act shall be applicable
Wo Lik une of Public Docks,
EC. 48. [Réenact article 14 of chapter of 1370, sec
00, &c., ak fur as ADpicable and Lawn ly Hon
Bron. 47 and 48. (Here add sections sue asd 33 and 39,
supra
ARTICLE VIIL
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC CHARITIES AND COR
49. The heads or chier officers of the Departme
of Churities shall be five in number, who shall be pn
“Commissioners of Pablie Charities and Correction.”
They shall be hppiinied und ecleeted respectively in the
manner hereinbetore provided and prescribed for the
appointment and election of the Commissioners of Public
Works, and be subject to removal fn Uke manner. All
the provisions of sections 31 and 32 of this act as to elec
tion, appointment aud removal, shail be applicable to
the Commissioners of Publie Charitivs and Correction.
Said Board shall possess all the powers and discharge all
the duties now conferred upon the Department of Public
Charities and Correction hy spocial laws, and by the pro
visions of chapter 510 of the we of 1860, and acts and
parts of acts amendatory thereto, except as the same are
modified and repealed 'v the provisions of this act.
BEC, 50. There shal! +t wo bureaus in this department
a Bureau of Charities and a Bureau of Correction. Tho
supra 3
ARTICLE VIIL
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC CHARITIES AND COR
RECTION,
Rr. 49. The heads or chier officers of the Department
of Churities shall be ive in number, who shall be called
“Commissioners of Pablie Charities and Correction.”
They shall be hopaited und cleeted respectively in the
manner hereinbetore provided and prescribed for the
appointment and election of the Commissioners of Public
Works, and be subject to removal fu Uke manner. All
the provisions of sections 31 and 32 of this act as to elec
tion, appointment and removal, shail be applicable to
the Commissioners of Publie Charitivs and Correction.
Said Board shall possess all the powers and discharge all
the duties now conferred upon the Department of Public
Charities and Correction hy speclul laws, and by the pro
visions of chapter 510 of the laws of 1860, and acts and
parts of acts amendatory thereto, except as the same are
modified and repealed "'v the provisions of this act.
BEC. 50. There shal! (wo bureaus in this department,
a Bureau of Charities and a Bureau of Correction. Tho
Commissioners shall appoint a superintendent for each
bureau. The Buresu of Churities shall have especial charge
of all institutions, the inmates of which shall not have
been committed for any offense against the laws. The
Bureau of Correction of all other inatitutions and the
two cluhses of Jeans under the charge of the Cows.
wnioners shall be as far as Jraeiicanle separated. The
Commissioners shall invite all incorporate charitable or
beusvolent societies, including hospitals, to tlle with the
Bureau of Charities a statement of the objects for which
sald wocieties were established, the class of persons to
whom they extend relief, aud the modo of relied adopted;
also, to report from thine to time the means at thoir dis
posal, and the resources whence derived, the
numos of persons relieved, and the amount
of relief extended to them; and, in the
cnn of hospitals or nsyloma, what numnber of additional
inmates they oan receive, snd such other details us Lue
Cowmissiovers way deem advisable, Such information,
whon received, shall be properly classified in books pre
pared for the purpose, with such alphabetical indexes ue
will enable the Superfutendent of such bureau at any
time to refor to such institutions which take sharge of
any purtioulur clase of persons or patients, and to ascer
tain what relief any applicant to such bureau haa hereto
(section declariug the Aldermen, Mayor, and Con
Reco oh The excontive power of the Corporation shall
Ske. 21. The Mayor shall be the chief executive officer
fore recelved fro any institution, The Presidents of all
charitable associstivns which report to the Bureau of
Charities shall constitute un advisory Board to such bu
reau, and any one or wore of them may, at all times,
nave scooss to the books and institutions under the
charge of such burean, aud submit to the Commissioners
nny SRGOILionS, ln writing, or complaints concerning the
sdmimatration thereof,
{No provision 1a made for legislating present juoum.
Sia. 22. Whenever the Mayor shall, from any eausn
whatever, be prevented from attending to the duties of
Heo. 51. All 2jplioations for money, property or loan of
the City's credit to any private olesiosy nary or charita
blo lustitution or purpose, Salle made te this Depart
ment before the same can be soted upondy the Board of
Aldermen. When such application shall® have heen filed
in tho ofiice of the Heoretary of this De partwent, the
ald Commissioners shall have power to visit’ the Said
Institution ou charity and examine and fuvestigate ita
condition and purposes, upd ir they determine adverssly
to such application, the power of sald Commissioners to
visit and examine the same shall then ceaso and be de
termined. If, upon un report of this Department, such sid
and support of, or for the maintenance of, such private
Slostnas} ney fustitution or charity shail he extended
by the Hourd of Aldermen snd asoeptod 1 saul fnstitu
tiom or ShaTiy. sald Commissioners shall thereupon be a
Hoard of Visitors of said toatitution gr charity, with
powsr Lo send to such fnstitution or charity for reatimout
or care, froe of charge Ww the city, such concn gs nn the
dircrotion of Lhe said Counalssioners can be better
treated therein than fu ihe public charities of the city.
LE wads iid shill consist of wonay of haul uf Gwudib auld
Mayor. But It shall not be lawtal for the President of
of yor
sd electibn Tor the offiee of Muyor, to ie held wt the
th yn general eloction for Stute or Federal otllcors.
ect WISH Vicancy is Bled, the Bourd of Aldermen shall
to clect a Mayor w hold for the wuexpired wr, when
the VIk'wBey Mp Le ollie of Mayor takes place ufter the
EC. 20 1UKhull bathe dtity af the Mayor: 1. To eom
mak cle Lo Lhe Bom eb Aldermen al lost once Wi six
oul u gob val stesont of Wie ies, Buvernment
and improvements of Whe ety. 4 To raeorumemt to the
on a a
powers of said Commissioners shall contigue during the
riod for which said donation shall Mave becn made,
ft such nid shal! consist of a donation of proporty of the.
city, thon such powers of sald Commissioners ve
perpetual,
NEOA. 8 and 53. (Here add sections same as 38 and
39 ra.
Soup ARTICLE IX.
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE.
4ye. 64, The chief otheers of the Deparsaent of Finance
shall be five in number. They shall be appointed and
elected, respectively, In the manner hersinberoro pro:
vided and preseribed for the appointment snd election of
Commissioners of Pablie Works, and be suiycct to re
moval in ike manner. All the provisions of sections si
and 22 of this act, aa to appolntineiis, elections, und
removals, hall be applicable to the ehtef officers of this
Department,
rd 85. ‘The chief officer, 80 as aforesaid appbinted by
the Mayor, shall be called the “Controller of tho City aud
County of New-York.” Je shall bo the President of the
Department and City and County Treasurer. The foor
chief officers, so as aforesaid elected by the Loard ot
Aldermon, shall be called Commissioners of the City
Troaaury.”
Sk. 56. (Powers: Beearticle 8, chapter of 1870, ns amend.
cd by chapter 674 of laws of 1871, and reenact the sul
an Ir uns desirable.)
See 37. Full statementa of the frecefpta and expend
tures of all the Departments eiving names, datos, snd
objects of expenditure, shall be mado on the third Mou
day of each wonth by vach Dopartuent to the Lepr
ment of Finwnce, Tue Controller, or any one of <ul
Commissioners of the Dapartment of Finance, ahall he
empowered at any Lime oo inspect, CXamine, or copy any
vouchers, rocords, or papers 1d any vl said Departwents.
From the statements so returned, and other fuformation,
tbo Department shall pihiish monthly, in paniphliet form,
4 detailed statement of ail the receipls nud expeudiburys
of the City and County during tho preceding wouth. No
bond, certificate of stock, or evidence of pubHe dent, to
be Laaned by the City, sliall be valid unless sigued by the
Mayor and Controller, and counters quod by LWu OF Wwole
of anid Commissioners of the Public Treasury.
SEC. 68, Bald four Communsioners of thet ublie Treas
ury shall perform all the duties and POISess all the power
heivtolore pordormed and possessed by the Comission
ors of Taxes, uudor existing laws. Build Commissioners
of the Public Treasury shall keep duplicate hooks, one
set of which shall be open and accessible ab all times to
all tax-paying eitizens, [Provide for trunsfer of books,
&ou., Kom Couwnnissiouers of Tixes to Commissioners
ol Pablic Treasury also provide for legislating preacut
Commissioners out of office.)
SEC. 69. Abolish ofilee of City (hawmberlain J
SEC. 680. Tuere shall be a bureaa in this Department for
the collection of city revenues, which shall be charged
with the collsetion of all city revenues arising from taxi
tion, assessments, fines, rents, &e., Loo chief otticer of
which shall bo tue colieetor of city revenues, who shall
be npporuted by the Controller and the Commissioners
of the City Treasury, [Provide for salaries of Controller
and Commissioners of Public Treasury also, for then
attendance atl meetings of Board of Aldermen.
ARTICLE X,
OF THE SINKING FUND COMMISSION,
Ape, 61 (Hers provide toe the manner of constitntn
and the powers of Lae Sinking Fund Comunssions re.
ARTICLE XL
OF THE LAW DEPARTMENT,
BE, £2, The chief otticer of the Law Department «hall
Iw Called the Corporation Counsel, anid he shall be a
meniber of Che om of Chis State, who shull have resided,
o1 had an otiice inthe City ot New-York at least ten
years conseoutively tmmedistely prior to the time of
na appointient, and shall be appointed by the Mayor
between the tirst and tenth days of May in each year,
and shall hold oflice until hia successor shall be ap
pointed, The Mayor may remove him at pleasure, and
Appoint his gucecssor,
EC. 63, ‘The sald Corporation Counsel shall act as the
legal adviser of ull the Departments; and no attorney or
counsel shall receive any compensation for any services
repdered to any Department unless he shall have been
omployod by or with tbe cousent of the Law Depart
ment, except as hereinafter provided said Departioent
shall semi-aunnally report to the Board of Aldermen the
condition of ali suits pending, the names of all attarneys
and counsel employed, the fees paid to attorneys aud
connael, ull receipts of the otics, and all other inatters
periaining to the business of said Department.
Src. 64. There shall bs a burean in this Department,
the chuof oileer of which shatl bo calied the Corporation
Attorney a bureau, the chief officer of which shail be
called the Public Administrator; and a burean, the chief
offer of which shall be called the Attoraey ob Stivet
Openings sud Asses<menta.
BEECH. 65 and 66, Powers, Soe existing laws,
(Provisions for salartos, and for the Corporation Conn.
set attending the meetings of the Board of Aldermen, if
thought desitublo.
ARTICLE XIL
DLPAKTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION
Sec 87 There stall be a Department of Public In
stration, which shall have the same powers and dis
charge the same duties which are now vested iu tue Des
pai tent of Public Instruction by article 15, section 100,
of cliapier $55 of the laws of 1870, as ainended by enap
ter 5:4 of the laws of 15871; and the wembers of which
shall be clevted ax folows:
SEC, 68. At the elecion provided for by section 2 of
this act, there shall be elected not more than 85 Com
missioners, ohe-ifth to be elected in cach Senate Dis
trier of the City of New-York, us now established by
law, to hold office for the period of years,
BEC. 69, [A provision should be inserted for legislating
out of vtfice the reaent heads of Department of Pablie
Iustruction and Trostees.]
BEC, 70. At such cloctiou, each qualified voter may give
not wore than 11 ballots, upon cach of widch shall
be printed or writter the pawe of one candidate for
Commissioner, and may give and distribute the same
between 11 different candidates or a less number, in
sneh proportion as he may see lt. After the closing of
the polls on the day of election, rhe eanvass in each Elee
won District of a Senate District shall be completed by
ascertaining, assorting, snd making returns to the
County Canvasscrs of the number of ballots given for
encn candidate, From the returns soaade, the County
Cunvuassers shall determine the names of the 11 per
sons having the largest number of votes in each
Senate District, and they shall be returned as
elected. In the event of a vacancy or vacancies
arising by reason of less than 11 persons being voted
forin any Senate district, such vacancy or vacancies
shall remain unfulfiiled for the enswing year. In the
event of two or more of the persons voted for in nuy S8en
ate district, having reccived an equal number of votes
under such efrculustauces that there shall ‘be no ruil
number of 11 Jerez having received the highest nivm
ber ot votes, the members of the odin of Pu de
Instruction elected st such election, shall, within five
days after their organization, select und determine by
lot from among said persons so having received an equal
number of votes, a namber sufficient to make up the full
dele gation of 11 members from such Senate district, and
the person or persons so selected ahull be deemed elected.
All vacancies thereafter occurring in any delegation from
a Senate district shall be filled by a majority of the dele
gates (rom the district in which such vacaney occurs.
REC, 71. The delegates trom ench Senatorial District
shall exercise and discharge in that district wll the
duties herstofors performed by Trustees of Common
Schools in ther respective districts,
Sees, 72 and 73. (Provide for legislating present Board
out, und tor the appointwwent of luspeerors of Columon
Schools.)
“HEC. 74. [Enact clause similar to section 51, under
article providing for Commissioner of Charities snd Cor
rections, passing upon PRpisarions for public mouey,
and making the same apphceable to all gifts of money to
private educational estiblishients.
[Article 12, &c., relating to Police, Health, and Fire De
partments, not jet agreed upon,
ARTICLE
GENERAL PROVISIONS,
BEC, Every persou who stall promise, offer, or give,
Cor cailse, or aid, or abet, In causing to be prounsed, of
fered, or given, or furnish, or agree to furnish, in whole,
or in part, to be promised, ofiered, or given to any Aider
man, or aly officer of the Corporation, after his election
a8 such member, or before or after he shall have quali
fled and taken his seat, any moneys, goods, right in av
tion, or other property, or anything Fg or any pe
cunlary advantage, present or Prospective, with intent
to influence his vote, opinion, judgment, or action, on any
gn matter, cause, or proceeding which may be
then peuding, or may by law be brou ht before him in
his oftticial capacity, shall, upon wh Lg be impris
oned in a penitentiary for a term not exceeding two
A ng or shall be flned not exceeding $3,000, or
wth, in the discretion of the Judge, Every Alder
man or officer in this section enumerated who
shall accept any such gift, or promise or undertnk
ing to make the sume under any agreement or un
deisuciug that his vote, opinion, judgment, or action
shall be lutluenced thereby, or shall be given tu any ques
tion, matter, cause, or Jiocendtig then pending, or which
may by law be brought before him in his official capae
ity, shall, upon couviction, ba disqualitied trom holding
any public office, trust, or appolntient under the City of
New-York, and shall forfeit his office, and shall be pun
ished by imprisonment in the penitentiary not exer Dg
two years, or by a fine not exceeding $5,000,
or both, in the discretion of the Court. Every per
sec-,
tion shall be cowpetent witness against auy other por
JIWY, OF 1 ally COWL, UL TUT Salle diaunavr as otaver per
sons; but no person who shall voluntarily give testimony
shall be subject to any prosecution whatever, civil or
criminal,
son offending in the same transaction, and may be com
pelled to appear and give evidence before any Grand
BEC. Any citizen claiming to have been injured by
any such vote or action of any Alderinan or otlicer given
for any dishonest or corrupt motive or consideration,
may bring suit against said Alderman or officer, and on
his conviction recover a Joisny not exceeding $1,000.
BEC. No member of the Board of Aldermen, Com
missioner head of Depurtment, Chief of Bureau, deputy
thereof or clerk therein, or other officer of the Corporu
tion, shall be directly or indirectly interested in any con
tract work or business, or the sale of any article, the
expense, price, or consideration of which Jagmia from the
City Treasury, or by any assessment levied by any act
or ordinance of the Bourd of Aldermen, nor in the
purchase of ang real estate or other propert belobzing
to the corporation, or which shall be svld or virtue of
legal process at the suit of said corporation. All such
contracts or sales shall be forfeited as to uny interest of
the Aldermen or other officers enumorated in this see
tion; and any Alderman or other officer who shall be
convicted before thejCourt of Common Pleas of having
knowingly been interested in any such contract, work,
business sale, or purchase, shall be punished as for a mis
demeanor, and forfeit his ofMce.
BEC. Any, member of the Board of Aldermen, Com
missioner, heads of Departments, Chief of Burcan,
deputy thereof, or clerk thereiu, or other othoer of the
corporation may, if dg shall 80 order, be summarily
examined Bpon an order {o be made on applicxtion or
written affidavit on the oath of suy Commissioner of the
Publio TeoaOry, or suy three Aldermen of ssid city or
ocountw, requiring such examination, and gy by any
Justice of the Supreme Court of the First Judicial Dis
trict, directing such examination to be publicly made at
the chambers of said Justice, ut 4 day or hour to be
naied, not less, however, then 48 hours after personal
service of said order, sud such examination shall
be confined to an inquiry into any alleged wrong
ful diversion or misapplication of any moneys or fund, or
any violation of the provisions in the last two sections,
or any other delinquincy.suarge in sald aMdavit touch
Ing the office, or the Adlsoharge or neglect of duty, of
which it is alleged in the spphcation for sald order tha
such Alderman, head of Dopartment or other aforemen
tioned ofMéor has knowledge or information, such Alder
man, Commissioner, head of Department or other afore
sald officer shall answer yp pertinent questions relative
thereto us the Justice shall direct, and the examination
may be continued from time to thine as such Justice uy
order, but the suswers of Lhe party charged shuli not be
sod uusinst ow in er! ph nal proceeding; proeided,
however, that Yor all 141% answers on mnteriaf points he
Aliall be subjsol to the pains nnd penalties for tho crime
of perjury. Tbe prococdings wey be continued
befyre any other Justice (a sald distoict, wid thor wil
nesses, ad wall an the parties making sueh applisation,
may, in the @ixcretion of ~aid Justice, be coniplled to
attend and he examined touching such allcged delin
quencies; and such Justice my punish any refusal to
attend auth examination or (0 answer any questions
pursuant to hig order, ax for sn comempt of Court, and
shall have ax full power and authority to enforces ohedi
ence to the order on dircetions of himself, or of any
other Justice, as any Justice of the Supreme Court may
now have or «all possers to eufore ohedio nee or ww
punish contempi in any case or watier whatever, Such
examination shat! tw fled fn the office of the County
Clerk of the County of New-York, and he af all reasouable
times aceessible to the public,
Pr
Be, No appropriation for the conteating of the
ofiioe of Mavor, or any scat in the Board of Aldermen or
Pepaitment of Poblle Tustriction, akall be made (o any
bat the pre ombing party. Nor shall sueh appropiiaton
be mule vaeept upon the cortifteation as to the value of
services by the chet officer of the Law Depar ent. In
the cones provided the precediag seetion, he Law De
partnient shall assign counsel to sash Commissioner or
Alb rmien but should such Commissioner or Aldermen
see proper to employ other counsel oan tho-e assigned
by the Denartment, then in that event ‘no appro
puation #ha'l be made by the Board of Alder..eu for his
of their pavinent, except pon a certificate or the Jos
tee or Justices before whom the procecdingz. have been
had that there was probable cause for taking zach pro
cecings,
SEC. Any person holding office, whether hr nlection
or appoiutinen’ under this charter, who shall, during aw
tern of office, accept, hold, or retain au other civil
office of honor, (ust, or ennpamont, tudor Lhe Govern
went of the United States, or the State, or onder this
charter, ot who sla] accept a seat in the Io 2 2h urn, or
who ahall, during his said terme of othee, recowe ony Toon
or ewoluments dirccied to be paid Go limb, wn ordi
punce of the Board of Alderinen, as Betutnirtter pro
vided, £hall be deemed thereby to lave vacat fl los
office. Ko person shall hold the charter or colul, ob. es,
noe shail au offcor under the Conuty Govornaent hold
or receive an othee under the Connty Governn Ani, ex
cept when he holds aneh office ex officio, by virtie of an
at of the Legislature, and in such case be shall diaw wo
sary tor uch er-ohoin office,
SEC b [Lvovision with regard to contracts!
To the Editor of The Tribune
To the Edotor ol [he ITibUuUNE
Qik: [fu reterence to locomotion ou Fourth
ave, and (he most feasible way of making that thorough
fare accowmodite railroad aml street travel, [havo a
sugoestion to oiler, taking up the suoieet wuere Prous
TeinuNy ended the other day. What can be the olyject
of sinking the tracks for only eight or ten feet, as lu
seriously proposed by civil engineers 1 Travel may thus
be wade safer, but the avenue will be rrightfally dis
figured by such a rilway ditch running through ite
entire length, to say nothing of the humpback bridges
which will have tobe built at every crosa-strect. Why
not do the thivg properly and completely while we aro
abont it, and smmk the raiload sufficiently to arch the
entire street over it, as tn Park-gve.. leaving a space for
gardens along the center, through waich the necessary
air-Lioles can be opened d This might add a little to the
expense of excavation, but it would a.s0 add enormons
Is to the value of the surrounding property, and to the
general avadlahility of the avenue and the CrOsS-streeta
The width of Fourth-ave. (140 feet) 1a soticient Ww admit
of temporary tracks belug lad near the ~ldewalks while
the coustruction of the tunuel 18 in progress, This hua
heen rejeaindly done with the Hudson Riyer tracks on
Eleventh-ave, (only 100 feet wide), while semers have
heen in Ry ss. The grades of such an undorgronnd
Fou wold be wich casier than those now upon the sur.
Joe,
If the railroad canuot legally be compelled wo do thia
work, thou the elt) wist provide an nudereronpd streot
or road through whicl the trains ean rn, and pay for the
aatinr hy direct asacssioent, precisely as in the case of a
street widening or opening. In such case a fale asses
went, in view of the benefits conferred, would be to as
ws oue-third of the cost upon the city at large, one-third
npon the property on and adjacent to the Fourth-ave.,
and the ofher third upon the railroad companies, Ii is
urgued that pox operation involving the lowering of the
tenck, would afso require the removal of their new depos.
lu the present state of engineering science such a state:
ment is absurd. The floor could be excavated for 30 feel
without moving 4 wall or an arch in any part of the
structure, nor wonld its exterior appearance Le altered
in the least. The pressure of the roof 18 outward, not in
ward; aud the tic-rods, which, like bow-strings, uni the
ends of the great arches, passing just below the present
teacks, ran remain where they are, or be eurved np
ward, (as in many English stations), without atfccting
their strength, With the trains running into the base:
rent of the depot, fustead of the ground floor, Its ca.
pacity, to aay nothing of its internal appearance, would
yw greatly improved as the lower floor eb the sides could
thon be utilized. But in any case let us avoid, it pou,
ble, the utter ruin of Fourth-ave, by a railroad *d teh”
New-York, Dec. 21, 1871. A.W. LC.
Palladia Lodge No. 972, Independent Order
of Good Templars, Williamsbuegh, LoL, issues the fol
lowing appeal “to the intelligent public,” to refrain
{row (he use of Intoxic ating liquors on New Year's Day!
One year ago we invited your attention to the wide
spread evil attending the use of intoxicating drinks ns
beverage, and requested you to refrain from OV tug
weohioiie or other strong drink for the entertainment
guests on New Year's By. We had the satisfaction of
receiving the naited plaudits of the press of the counties,
of behaldiug ministers of all dewominations i thelr
heartfelt concurrence in our suggestion, and o knowing
that at least 5,000 persons who I) heen in thie habit
dispensing their hospitality in the mauner alluded to, re
frained from a repetition of the peruictoils custow, vd
which =0 many of our youny men begin a career of head
long dissipation, and perhaps of crime against God and
man.
It 18 scarcely necessary to recapitulate the misery,
wretchednoss, and degrefation caused by intemperance,
Our newspapers daily teem with the noending record of
murders, robberies, and swieides. OY courts of justioe
are crowded with victims of the cup awauting judgment.
Our Jjalls and poorhouses we overflowing with the
wreck ot lmunanity, fallen in consequence of this curse.
"Taxation in disproportionately increased, not only in the
vxpenditure Jucuusnty for courts, jails, and almshonses,
but in the actual worth of the laborer, whose presence
in the business community is denied, and whose 1ntel
ligence and craft sre contined to the unproductive walls
of a Prison house. There are produced aainually in the
distilleries througliout the United States 95,000,000 gal
~lons of lignor, and in the breweries 5,000.000 barrels of
beer, the consumption of which souds oy er 60,000 druukiards
guuually to their graves, Of the 7,242 innates of the
Binghamton Inebriate asylum there were 30 clergymen
8 )ndees, 197 lawyers, 226 physicians, 340 merchaots, 080
mechanics, 466 farmers, 240 gentlewen, aud 806 ladies,
thus lavolviug every class in society.
Wu azuin appeal to you, hat more especially to the
ladies, whose influence over the sterner sex may be moss
happily exercised in this regard. We beg of you to use
that iutluence for good. Do not place wine or other fo
toxicating liquors on your tables on New Year's Day.
Jat no youug man have cause to Pode you for Saying
tendered bi, at your gentle hands, the poison whic
may begin bis ruin. Tet your powerful example be felt
in the dissemination of the virtue of temperante, In
tendering to you the compliments of this happy svason,
we fervently trust that all the blossiugs which accom
pany well-doing, may ba yours,
Jawrs J. ROGERS,
ROBERT H. OLIVEE, Commillee.
Tostas heeasey, y
A tire occurred, early yesterday, on the
fourth tloor of the ve-story building in rear of No. 4
Eldridge st, occupiod by Johu Wigkeski, lounge maker;
loss, $1,000. W. A. Merethen's stock of cabinet ware, on
the third floor, was damaged $200. Eggert Bros, cigar
box factory, on the second floor, was damaged $300, and
George Hehn's carpenter shop $100. The building,
it by 1 Wilhums, wos damaged $600; all rully tu
sired,
Bock, Schneider Co.'s parlor-match manufactory, on
the fourth aud tifth tloars of No. 175 Hesterst,, aud the
fifth floors of Nos. 177 and 179 were damaged $2,600 by
fire early on Saturday: insured for $9,000, The femyining
tenants lost about $1,500 by water, The building, owne
by 8. T. Meyer, was damaged $3,000; insured for $24,000.
Wm. Ruprecht’s smoke-house, in the rear of No. 603
West Firty-first-st,, was burned on Saturday; loss, $00.
George Reschlow's blacksuith shop aud John C. Kobbe's
stable were damaged $300 each.
a="
THE ALLEGED MALPRACTICE CASE DLNIED.
An investigation was begun yesterday in
the case of Catharine Cahill, who was taken to Bellevue
liospital on Friday from No, 22 Pike-st., suffering, it was
supposed, from the eflocts of an abortion. She was in
sensible when received ut the hospital, and a few bourse
afterward gave birth to a dead iufant. She died from
exhaustion early on Saturday. A post mortem exami
pation failed to reveal any trace of an abortion, and the
surgeons thunk that death was the result of confinement.
None of the persons un the boarding-house whence rhe
was taken know anything concerning her. Sho engaced
board a week or two ago, and when taken fil refused Wo
tell anything about herself or her relatiyes. She did not
recoy er consciousness at the hospital. The body hug not
been fdeniitied, and the investigation was adjonrned in
order to give the Police an opportunity 10 uuravel the
my sters
Robert Halloran, formerly a driver on the
Thinlave. Rallcoad, asssalted on Saturday evening
Thomas J. arkin, a condactor on that road, as he was
leaving the depos wish his car, and dealt him a violent
blow in the head with a ear-hook. Larkin fell from the
car, bleeding and imsensible. His assallant escaped in
the confusion. The wounded man was removed to Bt.
Luke's Hospital The attendaut surgeons pronounce
him In a dangerous condition. Halloran belleved that
1 arkin had caused his discharge,
A annfaronce was held Dee. 7 at Madrid be
A conference was held Dec. 7 at Madna be
tween the Spanish Minister of Finances and Mr. Bell, the
representative of the Spanish bond-holders in London,
who has been Instructed with tle duty of protecting
them aguinst the projected tax of 18 per cent on the
gpanish national debt. Mr. Bell explained to the Mim
{ster that he represented important interests in ono of
the first commerciai cities of the world, and said he pro
posed to treat the question from the most elevated and
digniticd point of view, while, at the sawe time, ho was
pre d to come to an srrauxement that would weet
he Rh terests both of those who instructed bim and of
Spain herself. He added that, having himself personal
tics und interests in Spain, be would not ask for wuy
thing unfavorable to that country, but these considera
tions must yield to the demands of reason and equity
which are serionaly placed in jeopardy by the pro
of the Spanish Cabinet, The couference ondced Ly the
Wwinlsler geknowicdging the foree of soe nf the argu
wents brouxbe torward by Mr Bel
STEAM ON FOURT! AVE
WINE ON NEW YEAR'S DAY.
1OCAL FIRES.
Cur nl ORTER'S PUPILS.